Captain Stone saw that . the . Alert . was
heading for him he ordered the sail taken
in . and -.Just kept ¦ steerage way on the
boat. After some .maneuvering the.life
boat was got alongside the tug and in a
few minutes sixteen of the men | were
transferred • to .the Alert, the , remainder
being left in the: boat- to steer and : take
care of- her while «he was -being 'towed
Into San Francisco. The only man ~ who
had to be helped aboard the j tug was
Chief Officer Fyfe. who was on the sick
list, having injured his arm about three
weeks aeo.
Rescued Ten. More.
As soon as the lifeboat was safely tow-
Ing astern Captain Trewren turned the
Alert's head for the pinnace and. In a
very short space of time Mate Mold arid
six of his men were on" the tug's deck.
The others were left aboard vto " steer
the pinnace as she" towed behind the life
boat. - * ' ¦ . '••-.. .-¦
."During the run. from Point Pedro to
San Francisco Captain Stone gave the fol
lowing account of the voyage: •
¦ "We left Iquique on February 2 with a
cargo of niter consigned to Balfour, Guth
rie & C 0.,". said he. . VWe started with a
southerly wind, which soon turned into
the southeast trades. These were moder
ate throughout, but carried us along at
a fair, rate and we crossed the equator
on February 21 in longitude UO west. We
lost the southeast trades the following
day and did not get the northeast trades
until February 21 in latitude' s degrees
north, longitude 112 degrees 30 minutes
west. These were light throughout and
we lost them on March 9 in . latitude 29
degrees 30 minutes north, longitude 12S
degrees 30 minutes west.
"We had light variable winds and 'calms
up to, the 18th inst.. but the next day—
the day of our misfortune— we had a
strong northwest breeze up to 8 p. m.
The wind then fell light and I put the
ship under easy canvas as I was ex
pecting every minute to see the Farallones
light. Although there had -been a good
breeze throughout the day the weather
was clear and I was able to make good
observations at noon and 4 p. m. I had
and have still every confidence that .my
chronometer was correct, so . the only
reason I can give for the loss of my "ship
is that there must have ' been a : strong
current setting south of which I, was not
aware. Judging from my noon observa
tion the ship was at least twenty: miles
out of her course .when she T struck.
How the Wreck Occurred.
"Chief Officer ' Fyf e \ had - been i'slck for
three weeks and i approaching the coast!
was on duty all the time. I had been on
watch forty-eight ¦ hours at a stretch and
on Mondayj night; Third ( Officer .Thompson
was on the . bridge with me. \ I expressed
:. (Continued • on<. Page - Two.)
GOES ON THE ROCKS NEAR THE WRECKED NEW YORK
The City of : Florence^ Just. Befo^;GbingVon Montara Reef.
{From, a Description Furnished by Captain Stone.] '
crpra KOTHER vessel has laid her bones
//\ bes!de the remains of those
If- — A which have gone to destruction in
H y>the vicinity of • Half moon Bay.
The strong southerlj' current and
deadly inset that makes for Pigeon Point
is responsible for many a disaster and
now it has to answer for the loss of the
gx>od ship City of Florence, which, was
wrecked on Montara reef last Monday
eight at 9:30 o'clock.
The captain thought his vessel was off
the Farallones and sent the third mate
aloft to see if be could see the light. The
mate reported "no light In sight," but
eald be thought he saw breakers ahead.
He was ordered to co aloft and make^
sure, but before he was half way to the
masthead the lookout on the forecastle
head gave the warning, "breakers
ahead." The helm was at once put up,
the yards squared and the ship rapidly
paid off toward the cast. Almost" Immedi
ately she struck, but came off. but In an
other minute or so she struck again and
stuck fast. The carpenter sounded the
pumps and found six feet of water In the
hold. The pumps were manned and an at
tempt made to stem the inrushing flood.
Tie carpenter made another sounding and
found ten feet of water in the hold. The
ehlp at this time began to careen to star
board and Captain Stone ¦ ordered the
boats lowered. • -
Lowered the Boats.
The port lifeboat and the plnnac»» were
launched, the former being , occupied by
Captain Stone and eighteen of the crew,
while in the latter were Mate Mojd and
eight men. The men . all saved their
belongings, but the officers got away
with only what they stood In when the
ehlp struck.
Although the City of Florence went
aehore on Monday night it was not until
yesterday about Ip. m. that. the news of
the disaster reached the city. From Half
moon Bay came the news that the vessel
was rapidly going to pieces and that prob
ably all tlie crew had escaped, as two
boats had been seen heading north. As
soon as John D. Epreckels. proprietor of
The Call, was informed of the state of
affairs he at once ordered out ,the tug
Alert and gave Captain "Joe" Trewren
Instructions to 2nd the shipwrecked men
and bring them into port. About two
miles north of Point Pedro the ship
wrecked men were sighted and the tug
at once bore down toward the lifeboat.
Both boats were under sail. The life
boat had a "lusr" set. while four men la
bored at the oars. The pinnace carried
a jib and mainsail and two men were at
work rowing. The pinnace held the bet
ter position and was making good head
way, while the lifeboat was closer -in-,
chore and was slowly but surely being*
carried in toward the beach. As soon as
my: surprise to him that we did not pick
.up the Farallones light and sent him aloft
i to; see ; lf ' he could get \a ' sight of It. *It
.was then 'about 9:30 p. m. and a clear
night: The moon was about half. an hour
above the horizon and all seemed.' calm
and .peaceful.* There ; was just'enough
wind to 1 keepthe upper and lower topsails
and ; the. fore topmast-staysails filled- and
.steerage, way, on ..the. ship. . ". -
.'"When the mate came downrhe iold.me
there was not a lights in -sight, but that
he/ thought ; ! he 'saw" breakers- ahead
through the haze.'-' I * ordered him- aloft
again, to. make. sure, but he had not -.got
as -far as -the foremast head when"".D^ck
McKeever, the man on* the lookout, yelled,
: 'Breakers ". on 'the' port bow.' " -I. at once,
ordered .. th'el helm'up \ and j the Rafter yards
squared. i Almost: at once the ship began
to pay 'off- tdward the east,' .but.- in* a] few
seconds \ she.'. struck. ; Judging from '¦¦; the 1
sound. she, must have gone on a rock but
slipped off; into ideep water." again. ; There
must have been, over twenty, feet of .water
there, as -we were drawing that Lznuch*
In ; two minutes we again and I
thought . the ship would go . <^own I bodily;
I called j the. carpenter j aft , and? told*; him
to sound " the well. ; He j reported 4 six " feet
of ; water -in*, the hold. -By." 1 this* time; a
number* of "the crew - had ¦ begun • to ; get
their, kits together, but I at once ordered
them to the ; pumps. ..'. "¦/:',"/.,'
Water Gained on Them Too Fast.
''We might as, well have tried. to} pump
out the ocean. In about two minutes from
the, time the carpenter first reported there
was ten feet of water in. the hold and she
had taken on a decided list.: , : _ : i;^,fTi'-
"When I saw there was no hope for the
ship "I ordered, the boats -lowered and wo
ail got into them. Everything- was] afloat
In the cabin, so the officers could not' save
anything, ; but the men '.secured their ief
fects and gotjthem Into the boats." ¦? After
getting away, from"; the ship's side Cwe
found | ourselves in a sea of j breakers.
were surrounded . by them 'and ¦ every; mo
ment we were, in ; danger ; of '- being* en
gulfed.;. After some very hard^ rowing we
got clear of.the brokenj 4 water f and;out to
sea.'.::' : .. . ;. ; . ," .;- ',•,-'- ' '-' : '-'\ : •- '¦¦-¦';.
'. "In-the morning there" was no sign**. of
the ship, and figuring that we were south
of San - Francisco .weTstarted' to Jsail and
row to the north. .About noon time we were
off Point Pedro,«but there^was- nothing, to,
Indicate that] we were^ anywhere f near; the
Golden '< Gate.i,,. I • have { only * been twice .' to
this ,f port-T^nce 7 twenty-seven^ years ; ago
and again ; to-day-^o": I *doj not \ know J the
coast line .very iwell^i. 'All; my /charts f,were
aboard ' the . ship, and .' having nothing ',. to
go by ' I came ; « to 1 the conclusion that \ I
must be north of San Francisco Instead of
south, so I started; back over r n»y .; course
again.'- : i .'».*; f.""-'"«..*.-"'C. '-",';/ "';¦-' ¦¦ '.
'fi ; v, Overhauled; by" the. Boiolta.^ ; ~
"Luckily the steamer Bonita, bound for
Santa. Cruz, -overhauled^us, and Captain
Nicholson gave me . our .position. * He . of- 1
fered to take us all to Santa Crux,. but I
wanted to get j to ' San Fmnclsco, ? and 'de- "
cidedto come ''on*' here.::'-' -.We had. nothing,
to eat or drink in the boats, as we had'tb
cut* away - from the ! ship when l she : ap
.peared to be) foundering.' Captain Nlchol
rson gave ,us a'. three ' days' supply,, and. l
can tell you. it J tasted good. That> put
fresh heart into everybody and' we; were
making fair headway for San '. Francisco
when the ¦ tug se'4t out by Mr. ' Spreckels
came along and" brought us into port.' It
was a mighty good thing for us that the
Alert came , along, ' for. Judging by the
progress we made during the morning, .we
would not -have reached port last night."
. Dick ' McKeever, who was on : the " ldok
.out when the City . . of Florence ft went
ashore, said' when talking about 'the dis
aster: ; "The -.mystery -to me is- how the
old ship floated , as long as i she • did. ¦ She
is now over thirty years old, and in those
daysthey put the proper kind of material
into ''a"> vessel.' Had, we been in one of the
' new-fangled steel clippers not a man of
.us. would have. been left to tell the, tale. .
~ , I A Delrisiye. Fog. '' ?§
•"There was a haze, on . the water : that
: wpuld fool the deVil himself.. It. was . a
thin ( kind > of,, film. 1 that "one j minute '-would'
make ybu' r think", there was; a; fog. aiidthe
nextvmake^you.rub' your_ eyes, to-.wpnder
whether, youjsaw anythlng-.or, not.?' Once
or.', twice I . l' fancied) If saw, land- and, was
: going • to ; so ; report to , the . bridge . when , I
saw i the l breakers. < When ; the ship.»truck
I thought ; her whole bottom' had .been' torn
•out .of ;her.')Then,.she v struck .again,, and
I thought .tho mainmast would [ come out
.of heir. ' " . *' - ¦¦¦>¦ "'¦'¦ ¦ J;' ; :
; * "There is ; only /one \ cargo iworse j I than
nitre when you- are on the rocks, and that
is.pigiron.'^ All of the crew, knew this and
made sure the boat would go from! under
l us $In j a few minutes,. • I j can I tell: you we
Icmt *¦- no tlme'lnvgettlng. theij boats* " over
when. the old man gave, the wprdV^We had
a hard time of it until picked up by The
Call's '¦ boat," but * I - can" tell ? you - It -•' was
heavenly' compared ? with. being | aboard a
nitrate-laden' ship pounding on the rocks."
: , Third Officer. 1 . Thompson , • who ? was *, on
watch fWith'CaptainiThbmpson,' said:
got ?two" £ goodi .observations"^ during, ? the
day] and \ according : to all our/ calculations
should* have -been /on!/" the . Farallones.
When'l went t aloft the first time' l got; as
faJTi; as th*e\ foreyard and, happening jj to
Idok i out , under j the^lower • foretopsail, I
saw the , breakers. " I got to the deck In a
hu rry and rreporterd r to ? the captain/- when
he sent me aloft .to make sure. Just as I
got to the f oretopmast head 'I j heard ' the
cry of 'Breakers -¦ ahead !", \ and [ almost \ be
fore ¦ I got to" the" deck : again • tne "*¦ ship
struck; >¦ "-¦:-''.' '^"v ::-'--': :-'--' ; [ ¦ •.. • ¦^ / ->*" ..
The Captain Wonderfully Cool.
'•'' "Thecaptaln was wonderfully; cool and
collected throughout, - and only gave ; the
order,^ to *j lower * the boats when 5j every
chance of saving the ship was gone. We
all " had ; a' dose call/ and ~ It Ha ' wonderful
that there ; was not! a: mishap. \v ?;t'i-' : .
: It was Second -Mate Inold's watch be
low, and Chief Officer F^fe was laid up be
low , with >a - broken l arm.'; he ] having been
washed j from ; the poop j into ' the waist of
the [ship during a gale about three : weeks
ago. . .They .have. no knowledge as ,to how.
the "disaster .' happened : and can only/ cor
roborate **,' the": • captain's y report ,'.:' of ..- v - the
weather.' -> , , < ,v, v :¦•,'' :-t: -t •;¦ -- J'l. -¦ -, ¦'¦ ¦ . * '^-{z- ;,.«."¦•
ff The. following : description of the ¦ wreck
comes ' from .The Call's correspondent at
Half moon Bay. Captain 1 Stone' s account
!of ¦ the disaster, explains I what so mis ; a
great mystery Ito ¦ the^ people / (Sown ;-the
'coast.'/When^the City of Florence. struck
etie must; haired torn 'a great 'retit* in .her
bottom/, and the}' wonder Is that she did
not go- down, at, once. , - .... .'. . ' .._
.", Two hundred yards to -th« .north ; of the , re
mains of " the i 111-fated ' City of ' New : York.
•WTeck'ed' here Jn March, ,1898. how lies all that
la '.left 'of th« English ship. City of : Florence.' .
j Early ' this morning ' a* dismantled vess.el was
seen"' about a': mile ? off j shore, . and .InV short
time It had drifted . so . far In . as .to become
recognized as the City, of t Florence, bound from.
Iqulque to San .Francisco. | No" living persons^
were to.be seen on the vessel. wreck Is '
so complete that It Is not now possible to tell
with what' tho ' vessel ' was loaded,'' as ' not a" yes-
VOLUME LXXXYTI — NO. 121.
, BAN ]HIANCISCO^ W^ ..
PRICE . FIVE . CENTS.
The San Francisco Call
GdptaiQ and Xrew Tak^e to the
Boats arjd Are Rescued by J\)z
Gdll-sJTiig After Having Aln)ost
kost Their* Bearings.
British Ship City of Florence Goes
oq Montara Reef ir) Halfmoon
Bay, Tearing a Great Y\o\z in
Her Side.
SCENES ATTENDING THEj 'RESCUE T
MEN IN THEiBbATSOFTHECItrIOF^
SPECIALLY TAKEN BY THE CALUSZ PHOTOGRAPHER. 'CRACKERS!
A big variety of Peajc and Frean and
other English and American Biscuits,
closing at prices that are a temptation
to careful buyers.
Green. Coffee, good family grades.i2j-<c
Swedish Health Bread for 'every-
body ioc
Pilot Crackers or Pilot. Bread, Cala 5c
Hand Lamps, to stand daily use 15c
Bath Tubs for children, buy 0ne.. 51.00
Egg Cups, the double ones, each...."c
Our Delicacy Counter is well supplied.
Handsome high cost lamps at a dis-
count. ;*¦•
Bicycles for grown folks from
$20.00 up.
Telescope Baskets, pair, small sizes.ioc
Sample Heating Stoves, closing
winter stock.
Sample Cooking Stoves, closing
winter stock.
THIRD FLOOR.
Linen Hats for rhen or boy» I2j^c
Men's heavy wool shirts or draw-
ers ;./5c
Men's wool comforts for the neck.. 50c
Neck bows for summer wear. . . .3c, 5c
Merino socks, not 25c, now ioc
Half-hose, single pair or quantity... 5c
Boys' Suits, mostly dark, 2 piece..
50c, $1.00, $2.00
Cape Nome Goods of all kinds cheap.
A 1000 bargains on 3d floor.
A 1000 closing lots on 2d floor.
Free Parcel and Package Office Ist Floor.
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St.. cear the Ferrf.
son, writing in the Morning Post, Justifies
Winston Churchill's argument respecting
the relief of Ladysmith. He thinks that
Sir Alfred Milner has gone to Bloemfon
teln to arrange for the permanent admin
istration of the province and perhaps to
decide about the captured . and • surren
dered rebels.- ¦ ¦ ¦
MINES NOT FLOODED.
. LONDON, March 21.— A correspondent
of the Dally News afßloemfonteln, tele
graphing Monday, March 19, says: »¦ ¦
"I learn from Johannesburg that it is
not true that the minea have been flood
ed or otherwise damaged, beyond the fact
that the machinery; is Buffering from dis
use. My informant "declares that .the
whole story was fabricated to court sym
pathy." ' • .
FARMS FLY WHITE FLAG.
LONDON, March 21.— A dispatch to the
Dally Mail from Donkerspoort, dated
Monday',,.March 19, says:
"A reconnaisance toward Phlllpp'olis,
twenty-live miles west of Springfontein.
&?^ n( l,i. h ? J arms all fl y'n& white flairs.
The British troops were cordially re
ce-ived. It is reported that Mr. Steyn is
trying to rally the Boers, but the latter
say they have had enough."
LOSSES OF THE BOERS.
LONDON. March 20.— A statement
comes from Pretoria admitting that the
Boer losses during the war exceed 7000.
No fresh news has been received from
Mafeklng, but a Pretoria dispatch ' dated
Thursday, March 15. asserts that Colonel
Plumer- has not been" able to advance
south of Lobatsi.
LONDON. March a.— News from the
front yesterday was favorable to
the British arms. The Dutch re
volt in Cape> Colony is practically
over, and Lord Kitchener has en
tered Prieska without opposition. ICen
hardt, the other center of the movement.
Is likely to submit as tamely.
General Rrabant is moving on Routvllle.
Free State burghers continue to surren
der.
Mafeking is still holding out, while the
relief columns are getting nearer every
day. The blowing up of bridges over the
Modder shows that the Boers Intend to
hamper Lord Roberts' advance as much
as possible.
Meanwhile supplies nre b«?!ng accumu
lated, and Eloenifontein is converted into
a great base for the next advance. When
the right moment arrives, three armies
ere likie!y to be put in movement, the
main force under Lord Roberts in the
center, marching on Kroonstadt; the
light wing, under General Buller, threat
ening the line of RisEarsben?, and prob
ably making a groat turning movement
via Vryheid and to the north, and the left
•wing, under either Lord Methuen or
Lord Kitchener, advancing to Klerksdorp
and Pot chef stroom.
In consequence of the Boer threats to
destroy the town of Johannesburg and
the plants of the surrounding gold mines,
h^r Majesty's Government has resolved to
lrsue a proclamation at once In South
Africa, holding the members of the
Transvaal executive council responsible
for acts committed contrary to the usages
of civilized people. The proclamation will
give formal effect to the warning con
voyed to President Kruger by Mr. Cham
berlain some time. ago.
The fact that the proclamation Is is
tued by the Colonial Ofllce is regarded
as a significant Indication that th« re
publics will be administered as crown
colonies. In this connection it Is under
stood that the leaders of the opposition
la Parliament now admit that, no other
fettl^me-tu is possible, since the republics
Insist upon their demand for absolute In
dependence. In view of this the efforts
of the Liberals will be confined to secur
ing in the settlement the best treatment
for the Dutch population. Including secur-
Uy against their disfranchisement.
A Khodesian field force, 5000 strong; is
to be commanded by Sir Frederick Car
rington. whoce mission it will be to pre
vent any Boer trek from the Transvaal
SpPßßieg Humors
It doesn't make any difference whether you believe In
the modern theory; and speak of the causes of diseases as ref- *
erable to germs, microbes or bacilli, or whether you; use the
. older and* better understood terms of ." humors " and ¦*« blood ' "'\
diseases "—Hood's /Sarsaparilla cures them all JUST THE
SAME. It cures those eruptions, boils 'and' pimples which \
, appear in the ; Spring ; cures salt rheum or ; eczema" and ro-
lieVes the -itching and burning; adapts itself equally well to, ;
and l also cures, v dyspepsia/ and all stomach troubles due to ;
generally weak condition iand thin, anaemic blood ; cures ner-
vous troubles; debility^ and: that tired feeling, which just; as
surely indicate that the" blood is lacking in vitality.; iThia
is not merely modern theory but it is solid, up-to-date fact.
HOOD?S> Snrsaparilla
Is the best Spring -Medicine, blood purifier, stomach, brain and > /
ROLANDO ATTACKED
BY REVOLUTIONISTS
Large Force of Venezuelan '.Troops
Hastening to the Aid of the
. General.
Special Cable to The Call • and the . New York
Herald. Copyright. 1900, by the New York
• Herald Company. :
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad. March 20.—
The Venezuelan gunboat General Crespo
has arrived from 'La Guayra. •A ' large
force of Venezuelan troops. It is said, is
on its way to Bolivia to reinforce General
Rolando, who is being attacked by Her
nandez'revolutionists. -It is reported that
the soldiers will be transferred to a mail
steamship, leaving for Bolivia to-morrow.
Goes to Claim Wealth.
WOODLAND,- March 20.— Patrlcio C. de
Baca has for pome time been I a tamale
vender :In Davlsville,M but ho haa aban
doned the business and on Wednesday
will leave for Las Vegas, N. M.. to Insti
tute a legal contest for a share In a large
estate which he values at a fabulous sum.
CHARGED WITH BEING
MURDERER'S ACCOMPLICE
Officials Think They Have One of the
Men Who Killed Frederick. D.
Whitney of Butte.
WALLACE, Idaho.. March SO.— Peter
Bernier was arrested to-day and charged
with complicity in the murder of Freder
ick D. Whitney. Whitney was foreman
of the Helena-Frisco mill on Canyon
Creek. . On the night of December 2, 1897,
he was taken from his room by masked
men, led down the railroad track and
shot. Whitney came here from Butte,
where he had influential relatives. A re
ward of Sl5OO was offered for tho arrest
and conviction of the guilty men and Gov
ernor Steunenberg offered an additional
reward of fIOOO for each guilty man con
victed, but the reward was never claimed.
The general . impression Is that Bernier
was not a member of the mob, but that
he knows much more than he. told on the
witness stand at the inquest. ¦.*
GENERAL TOWER DIES.
BOSTON, March 20.-kJ«neral " Zealous
B. Tower, U. 8. A. (retired), died at Co
hasset to-night, aged 81 years." He was
graduated from the military academy in
1847, and saw active service In the Mexi
can and civil wars, serving with distinc
tion in both and being retired In 1883. : He
was superintendent of the military acad
emy from July, 1864, until the following
September. ¦ .
Into British territories to the north of
Limpopo.
WHY BOERS FIRED
UPON A WHITE FLAG
LONDON. March 20.— The following dis
patch has been received at the War Of
fice from Lord Roberts, dated Bloemfon
tein. Monday, March 19:
I have received the following reply to my
telegram of March 11 to the. Presidents of the
Free State and South African Republic:
"lour Excellency's telegram reached rc»(y«.*
t»rdar. I a«Fure you nothing would grieve me
more than that my bur«rherp should make them
selves guilty of a deed as that laid to their
charge by you. I am, however, glad to say
that you must bav<» been mistaken. I have
made personal Inquiry of General Delarey, who
was In command of our burghers at the place
mentioned by you. He denies entirely that our
burghers acted as stated by you. but he *ars
that on Saturday, the date being illegible, the
British troops when they were about fifty yards
from our position put up their hands as well
as a white flag, while at the same time your
cannon bombarded the said troops, with the re
suit that Commandant De Beer was wounded.
Yesterday morning the head commandant wrote
in his account of th». battle as follows: 'The
soldiers hoiFt^d the white flag, but we were
fired at by the English cannons and compelled
to charge/ » __^
AUSTRALASIA TO UPHOLD
THE IMPERIAL PRESTIGE
WELLINGTON, N. Z., March 20.— 1n
bidding farewell to-day to the fourth con
tingent of New Zealand troops leaving for
service in South Africa, the Premier, R,
J. Sudden, emphasized the determination
of Australasia to uphold the Imperial
prestige. The country, he said, had 400,
000 male adults, mostly drilled, prepared
to defend the colonies and If an emer
gency arose to send enough men to South
Africa to release the imperial troops to
deal with any power daring -to meddle
with the settlement. Lord . Salisbury's
reply to the Boer President and the
friendly note of the President of the
United States and the announcement that
Great Britain would not assent to the in
dependence of the republics were all Jn
dorsed by New Zealand, which, . the
Premier added, would maintain that posi
tion at any cost.
KITCHENER CAUSING
REBELS TO SURRENDER
LONDON, March 20.— The War Office
ha* received the following dispatch from
Lord Roberts, dated Bloemfosteln, Tues
day, March 20:
Kitchener occupied Prleska yesterday -un
opposed. The rebels surrendered their arms.
The Transvaalers escaped across the river.
Mr. ' Steyn Is circulating a notice, by means
of dispatch riders, in reply to my proclamation,
to the effect that any burgner who signß a
declaration that he will not fight against us
again will be treated aa a traitor and shot.
Tbe Bloemfonte:n people are - affording us
every assistance in the matter of hospital ac
comtnodatioDs. We have consequently been
able to arrange for 500 beds.
Thlrfy-thr*. pri»onpr« were tAken at Prleska,
200 stands of arms and some supplies and ex
plosives. The Boers have begrun~to surrender
on the Basutoland frontier.
TO PROHIBIT THE
DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY
LONDON, March .20.— 1n the House of
Commons to-day the Parliamentary Sec
retary of the War Office, Sir George
Wyndham, said the Secretary of State* for
the Colonies, Joseph Chamberlain, was
about to issue a proclamation on the sub
ject of - the alleged threats of the Doers
to destroy Johannesburg and as to what
the Boers may t-xpect in the event -of
wgnton destruction of British property.
It was asserted in the lobby this evening
that the proclamation would be a brief
document of general application prohibit
ing the destruction of farms, houses and
other property as well as gold mines.
" ? . .
LAURELS DUE NATAL ARMY.
LONDON, March 2L— Winston Churchill
In a dispatch from Pietermaritzburg
warmly resists the contention that the re
lief of I.idysraith rose out of Lord-Rob
erts' operations. . . ¦ :.
"On the contrary." he says, "the opera
tions of Lord Roberts were assisted by
the fact that General Buller kept 16,000
Boers occupied. It would be a cruel and
unworthy thing to deprive the Natal army
of their hard won laurels and none would
more vigorously repudiate such a sugges
tion than Lord Roberts himself."
BOERS BLOW UP BRIDGES.
CAPE TOWN, March 20.— The Boers
have blown up the bridges north-; of
Bloemfontoin, including. those at WinbUrg
and Kroonstadt, and are now retreating
to tho north.
• ; •-.•- • ? ". .-.- " r .
MILNER'S LATEST MISSION.
IX>NDON. March 2L— S^enoer Wilkln-,
Paine's Celery Compound is a medicine compounded to strengthen
nerves, stomach, liver and kidneys. ' .
The Prison Hulks— Simons Bay, Where the Boer Captives Are Held.
The above view of Simons Bay, taken from Black and White, ehowa the two hulks, Penelope and Cephalonia, which
served as prison places for the captured Boers. until Cronje's surrender, when three others were brought into service and
some of the prisoners kept in a well-guarded camp on shore. The Penelope stands on the left, about 2500 yards from the
shore, and the Ophalonia, on the right, further out. Near them are the British war vessels Monarch and Doris, which
keep close watch. At night the searchlights of the war vessels are kept constantly playing on and about tho prison
Ehips, making the chances of escape very small. • ' /; . - .-«- <
V "Although I am 73 years old, I have no particular disease, and
am a hard worker.. I use Paine's Celery Compound as a spring
medicine to restore lost energy. I have used the Compound for
years and find it' very beneficial. When I take it, it seems as
though I did double work.-"
JOHN H. WILLIAMSON, Grand Island, Cal., writes :
The Spring Medicine for exhausted nerves and the overworked
body. Only when the nerves, are weakened and inflamed do you
know they exist. %
While Supplies Are Being Collected for the British
\ Advance Boers Are Warned Against Wanton Iff
Destruction of Property.
AGREEMENT ON
PORTO RICAN
RELIEF BILL
¦ . . ¦ * — • — , \
Conferees of the Senate and
the House Arrive at an
Understanding.
All. Revenues Collected on , Importa
tions From the Island Shall
Inure to the Benefit of
Its People. ...
WASHINGTON, . March . 20.— The con-
ferees on.; the Porto Rlcan appropriation
bill have agreed upon, a compromise meas
ure. . The. Senate conferees ¦ receded from
the -Senate amendment limiting the ap
propriation to the revenues collected on"
Porto Rican importations until January,- 1
and, restored the clause in the House bill
applying: to -future revenues, reading as
follows: 1, ; ; -¦¦ ", ?*. ...-?. ¦: » ' -
Together with. any farther customs revenues
collected on Importations from Porto Rico since
January. 1, 1900. or. that shall hereafter be col
lected under existing law. -.v- ; :
The provision In the Senate amendment
specifying- the „ purpose for .which - tha
money shall be Used is retained, but an
addition is - made declaring specifically
that It shall be for the aid and relief of
the Porto Ricans. . The bill, as agreed
upon, reads as foyows: , ' .
That th« mm of $2,095. «65, beta* tbtt amount
of customs revenu* received on importations by
the United State* from. Porto Rloo sinoo the
evacuation of Porto Rico by the Spanish forces
on the 18th of October IS9S, to the Ist of Janu
ary, I*oo. together with any further customs
revenue oollected on importations Irom Porto
Rtoo afbee the Ist of January, 1600, or that shall
hereafter be collected under existing law, shall
be Dlaoed at the disposal of th« President, to
b« used for the \ government now existing and
which may hereafter be established In Porto
Rico and for the aid and relief of the people
thereof . and ofv-tbe ; public eduoatlon,
public .works * and ¦ other governmental
and public purposes therein until other
wise provided by law, and the revenues herein
referred to already collected and ' to be ool
lected under existing law are hereby appro
priated for the purposes herein specified out of.
any moneys in the treasury not otherwise ap
propriated. .
ISLANDERS ENTITLED
TO FULL CITIZENSHIP
Thus Declares Senator Morgun in
Speaking of America's $"ew
Possessions.
WASHINGTON, March 20.— 1n the Sen
ate to-day when the measure providing a
form of government and a tariff for Porto
Rico was reached Morgan of Alabama an
nounced his desire to speak upon it. The
special topic of his discussion was the
question of the extension of the consti
tution over the territory acquired by the
United States. Comparing our authority
in Cuba and Porto Rico, Morgan declared
that resistance to American authority in
Cuba would be as much rebellion as It Is
iri the Philippines. The national power
must continue to exist in all of the ac
quired islands until Congress shall leg
islate in their regard. .
• "The world," "he declared, "must be
amused at our discussion of the question
whether the Philippines are part of the
United States while we are yotlng armies,
supplies and money to suppress the insur
rection of one of the many tribes In those
islands." - . . - ¦
As to. the Islands acquired from Spain.
Morgan maintained that . the treaty of
Paris was the supreme law of the land.
: , Discussing the citizenship of the inhab
itants of Porto Rico.: Morgan; said:
"The inhabitants "of Porto Rico ought to
be given as full citizenship as any native
inhabitant, of acquntry annexed hereto*
fore. 1 ; -We have rot debarred from'citizen
ship any native inhabitant of any territory
annexed. Those who have not chosen to
retain their former allegiance have be
come citizens of the United States with
out regard to race or other conditions. 1 1
believe if Porto Rico is a foreign country
we cannot pass laws to be enforced there.
'¦ . - :. ' ? ... . - ¦ .
PORTO RICANS APPEAL
FOR EARLY RELIEF
General Davis Authorized to Give
Them Employment Upon Pub
" . lie Works. .
I SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO. March
20. — Governor General Davis is In constant
receipt of telegrams' from the various
towns of the island, begging. him to use
his influence with the United States Con
gress for a speedy settlement of the ques
tions now in controversy. Demonstrations
occurred at many points yesterday Blml
lar to the large gathering headed by the
San Juan Chamber of Commerce, which
presented 'the -petition to the .Governor
General for a redress of grievances.' .
WASHINGTON. March 20.— Secretary
Root haß authorized General Davis at
San Juan to give employment upon public
works to surplus labor in Porto Rico. The
War. Department has prepared an order
to carry out this plan, but it wu learned
that Secretary Root had telegraphed the
instructions to General Davis from Hav
ana. ¦ ¦ _ •'¦¦•¦
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 21, 1900.
KITCHENER HAS PUT DOWN THE
DUTCH REVOLT IN CAPE COLONY
MISSIONARIES
IN DANGER FAR
FROM THE SEA
American Warships Unable
to Threaten 1 Chinese
.Fanatics.
Germany > May Be Called Upon ¦- to
Protect American • Besidents
in the Province of
Shantung.
»
WASHINGTON, March 80.— The Secre
tary of the Navy has received a cable
gram from Admiral Watson stating that
the gunboat Wheeling had proceeded to
Taku. She will be relieved by the Con
cord about May 10. and will go as usual
In the summer to Unalaska, on the Alas
ka coast .
; The State Department is In a quandary
to devise means to -render effective : pro
tection to the American missionaries at
' Shantung.: The difficulty lies In the fact
that the missionaries -have In most cases
gone as far as 200 miles Inland, and are
thus beyond reach "of any aid that I could
' be extended from a warship. Mr. Conger's
advices show that the situation is fur
ther complicated by the fact that the lo
cation of the present • troubles is so far
Inland as to make It difficult to. determine
whether or not the "boxers" are operat
ing in Shantung or across ' the border In
Pechlll province.' If the threatened mis
sionaries are -in Western Shantung then
a further question arises as to who is
chargeable with their protection. China
or Germany.
The exact extent of the German sphere
of influence is not definitely known here.
It Is 200 miles from Klaochau, the German
seaport, to the western border of Shan
tung, but, inasmuch as the Germans have
claimed exclusive control of railroad fran
chises and like concessions throughout the
whole province, it is presumed that they
have assumed military responsibility as
well. At any rate, the Chinese Govern
ment has been deterred from attempting
to exercise military authority in that sec
tion by the attitude of the German au
thorities, and that is the reason for the
inability of the Peking Government to •
'meet Mr. Conger's demand for minatory
measures against the "boxers." The Ger
man Minister at Peking has informed
Mr. Conger: that his Government Is will
ing to extend to the American missionar
ies within the German sphere of Influence
the same measure of protection as Is ac
corded to German missionaries.'
however, Is not very reassuring, In view
of the fact that the ¦ German ' military
forces In Shantung have not, so far as Is
known, been augmented to- a point where
they are equal to policing the -whole
province. .. ¦•.•'¦• \J '
The State Department has not been ad
vised that these German forces have ex
tended . their - operations . Into Western
Shantung, where the Imperiled mission
aries are located, nor has there been any
assurance that any expedition Is. organ
ized in that ¦direction. ••_•- _. -
•¦ LONDON, March 20.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Times says:
• "The North . China Daily -News pub
lishes a dispatch from a correspondent In
the province of Shantung who says that
while the - Chinese • Government has ¦. not
taken active measures ,to suppress the
antl-f orelgn movement. Governor Kuan
has warned the missionaries that the lo
cal authorities cannot be held responsi
ble for the safety of those traveling un
escorted Into the Interior. The position of
the native Christians is deplorable and If
the I anti-foreign movement . continues Ig
nored and unchecked serious consequences
are : Inevitable.". . l^i&^^W^^W^^,
WILL INDICT WESTLAKE.
Very Probable ' Action of - the Sacra
; > ;merito; Grand? Jury. -
?¦ SACRAMENTO,; March 20.— The .Grand
Jury ; meets I to-morrow and ¦It la probable
that it will hear the . testimony^ and bring
an Indictment charging -Martin Westlake
with ¦: the * murder* : of -a R. R. Watts, ' the
Idaho ¦; miner found • dead 'on -' the •>. north
levee ¦.. with - his ; head • shattered •. by ; pieces
of slag; "The if act that i the boots iof the
dead manwere found on Martin Westlake
and that, his valise and Other effects were
in his - possession ' and ' that * he ; has given
no satisfactory account . of ; bow he . came
by .-.• them • forms : the - most - incriminating
circumßtances against him. V Sheriff John
eon is prepared to have the accused' man
bxouzht Into court for examination."
2
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦—¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦—
\flry .ACID STOMACH. -^ I
B Mill/ t S
//// Loss of Appetite, ' Bitter. Taste, . UviV'
/// Dizziness, Regnrgitation, . \\
I Headache, Bloating, I
I Sallow Complexion, Irritable Temper, . I
HI Soreness in Stomach, Tired Feeling. ///
¦^^ nuuy3n Lures. 11 1 \
B '¦¦-'¦ The-aboY« symptoms refer to Acid Dyspepsia, a very common form of •tomach ¦
H disorder that results in serious destruction of tbe mucous " lining of the stomach m
™ Ulceratlon). It causes Palpitation of the Heart as well. HTJDYAN oromDtly cor- 5
¦ rects this condition. HUDTAN cures Dyspepsia in Its worst form. . . ¦
¦ - v. • v NAPA.' Cal. . . . SAN DIEGO Cal ¦
fg . Gentlemen:. lam glad to say that HUD- Dear Doctors: My stomach trouble hka m
m TAN cured me. ,' sound and well. I have been ¦ entirely cured, through th» imnct ¦¦
¦no more pains In stomach after eating, no of, HUD TAN. I suffered for lewntl^rmri B
¦ more bloating, and my bowels are In good and could get no permanent relief until i ¦
¦ shape. I think HUDTAN the best remedy took , HUDTAN. 1 can now eat what t S
¦¦on earth for dyspepsia. Tour gratefully, wish, and it don't distress me. Tours sin- S
5 * - . > -5JL...-W. , SHAW, cerely, . MISS CORA FITt T-rw ¦
¦ ; ; ; , ¦ . HUDTAN is for sale by drugglsu-60c a package or six packages for $2 50 ¦
8 -CO" c?r^ gW«AN REWf ¦
¦ S DOCTORSV&^io^^rfeci^CS^^* ol^^ \ mtur^ S
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦a ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ 2
GOES ON ROCKS
NEAR WRECKED
SHIP NEW YORK
(Continued from Page One.)
tls» , of, her carro haa washed ashor*. -- Tb«
beach Is lined with composed entlrelj
of the splintered remains of upperworks,' masts
and spars." The mainmast is torn and splin
tered In such a manner as to lead to the be
lief that the ship met with a terrific blow,
but as 'there 'has been no storm off our coaal
recently It Is difficult to find an explanation ol
her most complete destruction unless the catas
trophe was due to an explosion on board.
The remains of two of the ship's long boati
drifted In shore with a mass of other wood.
Some persons here profess to ' hare seen two
boats ras« Montara Point, a few miles abov«
here, last night, seemingly bound for Sao
Francisco. One of the boats contained fifteen
occupants and _ the other ten. This would
seem hardly possible, as within a few hun
dred yards above- Is Amesport. Landing;, where
the vessel's people could easily have landed.
Since 'morning; the "surf ha* completely
broken up the hulk, and at this writing; there
Joes not. appear a- vestige to show .where the
vessel struck and Went to pieces. Th» ship's
English standard, cne pare cf the log- book
Sated 1838 "and six live pt*s came aahor* this
if ternoon. The beach ¦Is lined with men and
boys patrolling; until low tide, when they ex
pect that some of the cargo may be washed
The City of Florence sailed from Cardiff
)n August 12, 1899, for Callao with a cargo
>f coal. She had a terrible time rounding
:he Horn, and was in company with the
American ship A. G. Ropes when that'ves
sel damaged her steering gear and had to
aut Into Port • Stanley for repairs. Th=»
?ity of Florence discharged her cargo of
:nal at Callao and was then ordered to
oad niter at ¦ Iqulque . for San Francisco.
The vessel had been delayed a great deal,
and a quick passage from South America
to this coast was absolutely necessary in
order to save her charter. She made th*
run in the good time of forty-one days,
and had she reached San Francisco on
Monday night Instead of striking on the
reef near Half moon Bay Captain Stone
would have saved his charter.
The City of Florence was built In 13C!>
by C. Connell & Co. at Glasgow. Sh« be
longs to "The City" line o! Liverpool (G.
Smith & Sons), which owns fifteen steam
ers and eight sailing Teasels, all of whoso
names commence with "City of." .'The
City of Benares is one of the best known
of this line in this port. The City of Flor
ence was 1123 tons net burden. 2C6.9 r-et
long, 34.4 feet beam and 22.4 feet deep.
There is no Insurance on the hull, but the
cargo, which is valued at (60.000, Is fully
insured here.
FORMER CALIFORNIAN IS
KILLED IN MEXICO
News Beoeived of the Murder . of
Stephen Malosflno, Who Was
an Ex-Convict.
STOCKTON. March 20.— Frank Cavag
naro, a business -man of Stockton, has re
ceived word from Mexico of the killing
there of a man named Stephen Malosflno,
formerly of California. The news cornea
from a railroad contractor at Chauvinda,
that Malosflno was killed by a man named
McGowan. Malosflno was pardoned by
Governor Budd three years ago. while
serving a term of life imprisonment for
murder committed in this State. Cavag
naro helped the prisoner out of his diffi
culty and when Malosflno was killed one
of Cavagnaro's cards was found In his
pocket and led to the notification here.
Diphtheria at Covelo.
COVEL.O. March 20.— News reached here
this afternoon from Westport of a threat
ened epldemio of diphtheria. Four chil
dren have been .victims of the dread dis
ease during the past week. • There are six
cases now, all of which are confined to
the families of John Shultz and Peter
Hansen. The ages of the dead children
rang© from 2 to 13 years.. „ , : ',' "'.'¦,.• Special Dispatch to The Call. .
SANTA ' ROSA, > March j 20.— George Tp.
¦Wilcox,; the self -confessed \ wlfe-m'ur
derer.; appeared ,-lril; Department 1 ;6f; 6f
..? the \ Superior- Court [ ."" to-day,\ before
Judge {Burnett., ' ; r>,. V-.'-'S- •. . . :
vwas> attended '-, by his ¦ father, v a
"white-haired old man; and by his brdthcr.'
In .' appearance '¦ the prisoner was \ haggard
and • pale -. and ,' he^was^ nervous t and " rest-
IJ^ss throughout the r proceedings. Ex-
SAN JACIXTO, March . 20.— The fact
that a mountain has recently fallen
is turning all eyes, scientific as well
as curious, to San Jacinto. This
mountain or spur of the San Jacinto
peak has already been visited by- nun-*
dreds of local people. .The. camera. fiend
is here by dozens, and newspaper corre
spondents drive In dally. To show the i ex
tent of this great natural catastrophe it
is well . to understand that the San"
; Jacinto peak is 11,000 feet above the.
: sea level, and that the fallen spur had
an altitude of "4000 feet until Christmas
day, when the great Christmas temblor,
shattered its moorings, and now it lies, a
fallen giant. 200 feet below the Jagged
peaks it waa torn down. /.
Was It the result of gravitation or was
It a direct _upheaval ¦ from, the earth's
bowels beneath the huge mass of earth
and granite?
Question for Geologists.
This Is a question for learned geologists
to solve, but in the meantime the mind is
staggered when contemplating the 600 to
1000 acres of chaos, split across with bot
tomless "fissures, small canyons lost en
tirely under millions of tons of earth, and
valleys tipped to the east when, once they
undulated to the west.
It Is not unlike climbing ' the Swiss
mountains to reach . the sunken tract.
Twelve miles from San Jacinto the road
reaches a bridle path or forest rangers'
trail.- There' one's nerves must be strong,
as the trail Is precipitous and as one as
cends the eye gazes down .hundreds of
feet of perpendicular foothills. . _. .
On Sunday the trail was black with peo
ple anxious to see the fallen mountain. It
requires an. hour's hard riding to reach
the mountain's broken rim.' Fully 150 feet'
below He3'an upturned grove of manza
nita trees. Long furrows of fresh earth
attract the attention, and there is: be
held a jumble such as might have existed
during the formative period. A great
slanting side of blue shale on the eastern
edge of the basin indicates plainly where
the mountain shook itself loose ' and
hurled, Itself, at an angle of forty de
grees. Into the space where valleys; and
canyons had been*slnce time immemorial.
Thus the underground explosions, which
occurred after Christmas and which were
heard every few hours for two months at
San Jacinto, In conjunction with strong
seismic tremors, which were always from
the direction of Mount San Jacinto, are
now to a certain. extent explained.
May Be Volcanic.
When the guide calls one's attention to
SHOOTS HIS PLAYMATE.
BAKERSFIELD. March 20.-John Shan
nonhouse. aged 11. to-day accidentally
shot Hugh Atchlnson, aged 13. with a
twenty-two caliber target rifle. The boys
were hunting on the river and the weapon
was discharged while being cocked, the
bullet entering Atchlnson's back at the
shoulder blade and making its exit from
the left breast. The wounded lad is in
great pain and it is feared he Is fatally
injured.
the fissures in the earth and finally found
a .vent in this particular mountain and,
blowing up, have caused the earthquake.
•"I was of the opinion at first that most
of? the falling in of the mountain occurred
a week after Christmas, but I. am con
vinced now that one of the greatest slides
occurred only about three weeks ago.
When I first saw it the blue shale would
mold together like putty. A week's ex
posure to the sun renders It very brittle.
Mr.. Rouse, who lives near by heard deep
Internal rumblings, but no shock, proving
that it was the explosion of gases and
not the settling of tons of earth that i
caused , the seismic vibrations. There is
no appearance that It was merely a land
slide. It could not have been a landslide
alone. A landslide would have been higher
where it began. • This is .lower at the
eastern edge and where It recently parted
there comes a Jumbled ridge broken with
crevasses. Concerning the constantly re
curring earthquakes felt I think it pos
sible there are other caverns filling up
and the gases are finding a vent. There
are no evidences of an internal volcano
unless the opening of these vents will
allow a collection of more gases. In that
case there may be" more earthquakes."
Jules Waterman, merchant, when inter
viewed had theories worth considerable.
He said: ; .
. . Oases Exploded.
: "When I visited the mountain I noticed
me of my honest, true friend and most
valiant supporter."
All the members of the diplomatic corps
to-day handed in their cards at the resi
dence of the late general.
Up to the appearance of Edhem Pasha,
-with whom rest the laurels of the Greco-
Turkish war of 1897, Ghazi Osman Pasha
was regarded as "the Only" Turkish gen
eral. He was the g-reat reserve force of
the Sultan. Indeed, the retirement in
which he passed the greater part of his
life since the Russo-Turkish war in 1576
was said to be due in a great measure
to the Sultan's habitual suspicious atti
tude toward those who had rendered the
greatest cervices to his throne. Abdul
Hainid, however, from time to time, paid
him marks of regard.
"The hero of Plevna," who Inflicted on
the Russian invaders the greatest check
they suffered In the campaign, was made
chief of the Imperial Guard and Marshal
of the Palace. For a time he held the
position of Governor General of Crete, and
in 157S was Minister of War. when he in
trodure-d many reforms into the Turkish
army.
Three years ago. when the Greeks had
pained a temporary success at Melouna
Pass, in the north of Thessaly. the Sultan,
Impatient with Edhem Pasha, ordered
Osman Pasha to take chief command.
The general, who was then G5. started for
the front, but the rapid development of
Edhem Pasha's plans, leading to the fall
of Pnareala. decided the Sultan to leave
the direction of the campaign in Edhem's
hands and Osman returned to Constan
tinople, where he lived In seclusion to the
time of his death.
Splendid Defense of Plevna.
"1 compliment you on your defense of
Plevna. It was one of the most splendid
military feats In history."
This was the greeting of Grand Duke
Nicholas of Russia to Osman Pasha as
he met him after the surrender.. Prince
Charles of Roumania and General Sko
beloff as warmly acknowledged the gal
lantry of the defense. The Turkish gen
eral had on the flat clay fields created a
fortress which for & time seemed impreg
nable. By the entrenchments he caused
to be thrown up he arrested for four
months the advance of the Russians. In
three pitched battles he overcame the
finest troops of the. Czar's armies.
On July 1. 1876. he inflicted a loss of
SOOu killed and wounded on his assailants.
The next battle cost the Russians 170 offi
cers and 7136 men, and a three days' stub
born assault of Skobeloff. later on, when
the Russian Grenadiers got within 500
yards of the- trenches, but failed to pass
the fire zone, ended in a Russian loss of
from IS.OuQ to 20,000 men.
It was resolved to starve out the army
of Osman, which originally numbered
about 56,<X>0 men, and an army of 120,000
Russians completed the investment. At
length, forty-live days after the close
elege had been established and 144 day^
after his own arrival at Plevna, Osman
determined on a desperate attempt to cut
his way through. The struggle was of the
fiercest sort, but many hours of bayonet
fighting ended in the Turks being driven
back and the "defender of Plevna sur
rendered with the honors of war."
Was a Man of Iron Will.
The title Ghazl (the victorious),- confer
red on Osman by the Sultan, had not been
bestowed on a Turkish subject for nearly
three hundred years.
In his personal appearance. , though not
much above middle stature, Osman Pasha
wa« of athletic build, with a superb head.
Graphic Description Qf the Breaking Down of a Qnce
High Mountain Peak Into Huge Masses of
- 3 uinbled- Fragments Whence Gasesi Escape,
AWFUL RAVAGES OF
PLAGUE IN INDIA
Nearly Five Thousand Deaths Occur
In Bengal in a Single
Week.
. CALCUTTA, March 2L— The bubonic
plague . Is fast Increasing. \ In Bengal 4725
deaths '¦ occurred last week. These ' in
cluded 744 in Calcutta and 2044 in Patna.
The Viceroy, Lord Curzon of Kedles tone,
yesterday visited the medical ,- college,
which is in one of > the infected districts
of Calcutta. ?-'¦ ¦ . ¦ . -
SYDNEY, N. S. W.. March 20.— Two
fresh cases '- of . the bubonic . plague have
been officially reported to-day.
Burglars at Petaluma.
; EETAL.UMAV '; March 20.— The home of
Mrs.' John at San Antonio, south of
here, 5 ;- was entered . by ; burglars . Sunday
night, "f Coin and jewelry - were ¦ taken.
Other' houses *in the -neighborhood were
also : visited.-!< The thieves are supposed to
have started for San Francisco. *
Miller Pleads Guilty.
> SANTA jHOSA, March 19.— Rush ¦ Miller
entered 'a' plea' of . guilty to' the .'charge of
grand • larceny, f: He stole * the $75 wheel of
Cashier ; Burris of Uhe ! Santa Rosa Bank
nearly, a year ago.-; The • prisoner ¦ will be
sentenced Monday.' --;- . .- v ,'• ,
Sir Edmund Fane Dead.
•¦i LONDON, ''March 20.-78!^ Edmund Doug
las bVeiteh : Fane. V; Envoy : Extraordinary
and Minister Plenipotentiary to the Court
of Copenhagen, Is dead In his sixty- third
year. , . ..... ./ ' "..*•-¦ ¦'¦: -' ,¦ -.¦ *-." ; •„¦ -
Feve* Tossed
with throbbing head and aching bones, nervous, restless and
unable to sleep, the weary victini of La Grippe is ready. to make
almost any sacrifice if he can but get relief from his suffering.
Why not try Dr. Miles' Nervine? It is the best medicine in. the
"vrorld for nervous troubles, and you know" grip is a disease of the
nerves. Dr. Miles' Nervine quickly eradicates the grip germs
and overcomes the depressing effects of the disease. It quiets
and soothes the nerves', invigorates the appetite, adds fresh life
and vigor to the system and prevents the terrible after affects, as
pneumonia, heart disease, nervous 'prostration, insanity Get a
bottle from your druggist and be convinced.
"I wu flat down with th« gnp when 1 1>cjan laiung Dr. Miles' Nervine and'
Dr. Miles' Anti-Paia Pills. I had been tryine to fight it away for several days.
The AnthPain Pills stopped my fever in a few minutes and the Nervine made
tne feel so cood I could go to sleep the first night. In four or five days the dizzi-
ness in my head was all gone, my appetite was good, my nervousness had disap-
peared and I felt like a new man. From that ti:ne on I grew stronger every day,
and I found that Dr. Miles' Nervine not only cured the grip, but also my head-
ache and neuralgia which I had.had for years." ¦
Chas. J. Svejda, 350 National Avt, Milwaukee, Wis.'
D*. Wits' Nervine
Is sold at all drug stores on a positive guar. ;$,
antee. Write for free advice and booklet .to
Dr. Miles Medical Company, • Elkhart. Indiana.
fendant. After an all-day session but five
jurors were secured out of a special venire
and Sheriff Croxon Is now out. scouring
the county, fcr jurors. ; : -¦ _: ' _ '
The defendant, Mrs." Minnie Mansfield,
wife of B. B. Mansfield, one of the wealth
iest farmers of the valley. Is being prose
cuted for criminal libel in having written
anonymous letters, concerning a neigh
bor Mrs. Mattie P. Conrad, who is noble
grand of a Rebekah lodge of Odd Fellows.
The letters were of a scurrilous nature
and were received at intervals last sum
mer by the society leaders of Holllster.i
Suspicion being directed .to Mrs. Mans
field,'that lady commenced receiving let
ters herself.- She: was indicted on three
counts by the grand jury after a search
ing examination, ' during which Experts
Kytka. Amnsfand Elsenschlmmel' testified.
The defendant denies her guilt emphati
cally and threatens to expose a conspiracy
that -will drag many prominent names In
the mire. Every, lady. of any prominence
in the valley.' is under 'subpoena' and all
will ,, appear.' on. the witness stand .before
the case Is over. .'Both the' Conrads, and
the Mansfields belong. to wealthy families
and the matter has developed into-a'reg
ular vfindetta." District Attorney Hudner
Is besieged with telegrams asking for re
lease by the handwriting experts. In the
Fair case who are under subpoena to this
court. Some have:notlfled him that they
will refuse to attend, but Sheriff Croxon
will produce, them when required. .- ,
ELIZABETH STRUBLE
IN A COUNTY JAIL
Pleads Guilty to a Charge of Sending
Obscene Literature Through
the Mails.
Special • Dispatch < to ¦ The Call. ¦_''¦¦ • ¦
SIOUX -FALLS,:. S. D., \ March"* 3X—
Through • refusing jto pay.- a ! fine .' of $200
imposed i upon her by. Judge ' Carland 'of
the, Unite- States. Court, after, she > had
pleaded guilty to a charge of. sending ob
scene literature through, the malls, Mrs.'
Elizabeth Lois Struble. was this .afternoon
remanded to the custody of T a -United
States Marshal and : Is now an occupant
of the. County, Jail. : ' ..." ?.. ; --.-.;•
The prisoner is editor.' of , ¦, a r monthly
publication. Her arrest was caused by an
article -. which . appeared ¦ in : the . 'January
number. ' Mrs.- Struble is prominently con
nected at Portland, 0r.., being a daughter
of J. H. Jones, a well-known pioneer lum
ber - man of that : city. ; v At -; the * expiration
of | thirty | days * Bhe doubtless , intends £ B .to
make *• the • poor debtor's • oath r and '*¦ thua
j»rocux» hot stitttm*. ¦-..-,
District Attorney Emmet Sea well - ap
peared for the defense.- A ¦ large • number
of " spectators were present,* but the de
fendant'did not enter his plea as was ex
pected, for .the ! court took under advise
ment until to-morrow a" motion by Attor
ney I Sea well that the information charg
ing Wllcox with murder be set aside upon
the ground 'of error in the commitment.
Sheriff Frank P.G race, Deputy Sher
iff : Seraflno Piezzi, Court Reporter Scott
and others present at the preliminary ex
amination -of Wllcox testified regarding
the proceedings. • after which Attorney
Sea well r made ; his ¦ motion as stated and
the prisoner was taken back to his cell
In the County Jail. -;'.[ ,;, v
WIFE-MURDERER
WILCOX SEEKS
HIS LIBERTY
BEGINNING OF THE
MANSFIELD LIBEL CASE
Prominent Society Women of Hollis
ter Will Appear on the Wit
i ness Stand.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HOLLISTER, March 20.— The sensa
tional Mansfield libel case was commenced
In the Superior Court to-day before Judge
M. T. Dooling. District Attorney Hud
ner and N. C. Briggs represented the peo
ple Rnd S. G. Tompkins of San Jos* and
A- M. Cunning appeared for the de-
View of the Country Whre About 600 Acres Have Sunk.
(From photographs taken by The Call's special artist.)
the acres of volcanic -ash that shift be
tween some of the ttssures one wonders
'if an extinct crater existed under this
great mountain and if by external' dis
turbances those gases found a vent
through the old chimney, blowing the top
off, while the resulting . explosion quick
ly refilled the valleys with tons of the
superstructure of . the mountain. The
long zigzag fissures, ripped across," caused
eolid granite to slide from one end of the
<W acres to the other, indicating what ter
rific forces, were at work, and as the spec
tator contemplates the result of this aw
ful power he can but breathe prayers of
thanksgiving that no human beings were
living on this particular spur. ..
Three miles south of the scene of the
disturbance are . several bee I and • | stock
ranch • which • had a miraculous ; escape.
Earthquakes? have! been continuous ever
since the temblor, that shook all -of San
Jacinto's brick, buildings to the ground on
Christmas day. Two slight shocks have
occurred In the last twenty-four hours.
The general feeling here. is that" the vol
canic action is not near enough to this
city to do any greater damage/ although
at Sase, sixteen • miles • ¦ southeast,- • the
ground- has- trembled almost -unceasingly
and-, roaring' sounds and temblors occur
every few hours. It is the general opin
ion of the forest rangers, who travel con
tinuously over these mountains,* that the
mountain In question did not^fall until six
days after the Christmas quake. At that
time a terrible roar came from that spui
and the shock. created, small crevasses in
the trail three miles to the south. ;It Is
a novel sensation to tread over cracks and
fissures of a recent upheaval and .to feel,
that the ground is unsecure under one's
feot. .But a few moments of this novelty
Is enough. It is believed that no tract
of land of such colossal proportions has
fallen into the earth, in the history of this
race, at least on the American continent.
In an interview Grant A. Taggart,-For
est Supervisor, "of - Southern California,
said:; . .. , ;•; •- .. .¦ • .-..-_. : , .
"It Is my Idea, that. an. immense cave
existed beneath ": the mountain and the
Christmas "earthquake caused wl.ie fls
suresin-lts roof. The fissures emitted
gases, which blew ¦ up ; portions; of. « the
mountain -and in places gave way until
there was a general collapse and gravity
drew the millions of tons on 'top Into the
cave." '¦• . • ¦?-.' :¦¦¦ *.' • ¦ .'.-¦..-¦¦.¦
"How do- you explain the fissures which
now pierce the tops-of the' solid moun
tain?'.' . ¦?-..- - •¦:¦.- ?-¦-.
"I would- call that a ; spreading over of
the top crust to adjust, itself to the-in
numerable holes and caves below." . •
"Would you think from the nature- of
the fissures that .they were all caused by
the spreading?"
"Yes, or by the gases coming to the
surface, this causing a breaking up and
jumbling of the entire 600 acres."
Continuing' Mr- Taggart said:
"I do. not think the earthquake of.De
cember 25 originated In the San Jacinto
Mountains. Gases might have followed
RED CDATED
BULLY SCORED
BY DR. JORDAN
Aristocracy, Militarism and
Imperialism De
nounced.
Only Bace Degeneration Ever Known
Is That Due to One or All of
the Above-Named
Causes.
NEW YORK. March 20.— Dr. David
Starr Jordan, president of the Leland
Stanford University, was the speaker at
a meeting of the Patria Club held in the
banquet hall of the Hotel Savoy to-night.
His subject was ."The Blood of the Na
tion." Dr. Jordan began by saying- that
It is recognized that the blood of a nation
in a large degree determines its history,
and that, in a similar fashion, the his
tory of a nation determines its blood. He
said In part:
The only way in -which any rac^ as a whole
has improved has been through the preservation
of its beet and the loss of Us worst examples.
The condition which favors this 1« democracy,
equality before the la-w, or the condition which
equalizes opportunity and gives to each man the
rlcrht to stand or fall on the powers God has
tlven him.
The only race degeneration ever known is
that which Is produced by one or all of de
mocracy's arch enemies— slavery, aristocracy,
militarism and imperialism— the four tyrants
of human politics, not one of which appears
without the others.
Degeneracy of the Individual is quite another
thins and has Its own series of causes. . A. lot
of crazy painters, drunken musicians, maudlin
poets and sensation hunter* on the boulevards
prove nothing as to race deeeneracy. Any
man of any race may. degenerate In an envir
onment of vice, disease and absinthe, but he
may leave his race all the cleaner for his de
generation.
War may seem to make men strong when
the hot passions are on, but hot passion is not
inherited, least of all when the warrior is slain
and leaves no Inheritance. War can only waste
and corrupt. If any war is {rood civil war
must be best. The virtues of victory and the
lessons of defeat would be kept within the na
tion. It would protect the nation from the
temptation to flgrht for gold or trade. The rem
edy for most Ills of men Is not to be sought
In war, not in whirlwinds of rebellion that
shake the world, but In peace and Justice,
equality amonsr men and the/ cultivation of
those virtues we call Christian, because they
have been virtues ever since man and society
beran and will be virtues still when the era
of strife Is past and the redcoat bully In his
boots no longer hides the march of man from
«a. . . • .
HIGHWAYMAN ARRESTED.
James Starr Charged With Having
Bobbed the Milton Stage.
STOCKTON. March 20.— Sheriff Thorn of
Calaveras County to-day arrested at Cop
peropolis a young man named James E.
Starr and charged him with being the
highwayman who yesterday held up -the
sjage running between Milton and Cop
peropolls. The Sheriff says he has a good
case against the prisoner. Starr was
raised near Milton and is well known ta
the residents of that section. His parents
lived tnere many years and a short time
ago separated. Heretofore he has borne
a good reputation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
the . crevasses that I saw all leaned to
the outside. This convinced me that the
outside, edges of the mountain had fallen
outward, ' the force .of gravity pulling
them into two caverns lying at either, side
of i the 600 ; acres. "; .' , -¦¦-.- ; •
: Mr. Daggett, a merchant, said that he
was certain - that the 'Christmas earth
quake was caused, by the falling In of
this mountain. He said: .
."'Consider the 'force of an accumulation
of gas great enough to burst through mil
lions of tons of earth a mile square. Why
would. it not vibrate the State from San
Diego to San Francisco? .The gas ac
cumulated - after great stores of water
were pumped out by the numerous pump
ing plants here and at Perrls. The dry
years have also robbed the surplus. Yes,
the Christmas quake had its origin right
under that fallen mountain, but was not
of volcanic origin."
Professor Davidson's Views.
Professor George Davidson Is familiar
with the general characteristics of the
San Jacinto- Mountain. He said yester
day that he would not like to enter upon
a discussion of the . happenings recorded
as > taking place there/because he did not
really know any of the facts by personal
observation. Evidently there had been a
disturbance on a large scale. San Jacinto
Mountain was 10,987 feet high. He was
once advised to go upon the mountain to
make observations, . but he considered the
mountain too steep to make it possible to
carry a large telescope - to the summit,
consequently he located for his observa
tions upon . "old Grayback" Mountain,
which is twenty-four - miles distant.
The steepness ¦ of, San ' Jacinto I Mountain
has a bearing In considering the recently
reported disturbance. It was conceiv
able. Prof essor . Davidson said, that a
huge landslide | should have swept down
a vast mass of matter from the peak. He
had seen the path of a landslide in Alaska
that was an eighth of . a mile wide and
half a mile long. It had uncovered solid
rocks and left them bare. "...-' ;i . :• .
'Concerning the -earthquakes he said
that he,, of course, knew nothing. Nor
could he explain the report about the
igneous rock. It would take a mineralo
gist and geologist to speak with authority
as to whether the rock mentioned were
really lgenous. The San Gorgonlo Pass,
he .said, t lies between San Bernardino
Mountain and San Jacinto Mountain. The
REUNION OF THE IRISH
NATIONALISTS SINCERE
Eighty-Six Members of Parliament
Will Labor Together in Erin's
... .. Cause.
LONDON*. March 20.— At a Nationalist
banquet at the Hotel Cecil in London this
evening John- Redmond, leader of the
Nationalist party In the House of Com
mons, who presided, said he regarded the
last nine years of public life In Ireland as
a hideous nightmare.
"Our reunion is sincere," he continued,
"and there !b nothing, humanly speaking,
which the eighty-six- Irish members . of
Parliament cannot obtain from the exi
gencies of the British parties. It is in
credible that English statesmen can be so
blind to the teaching of history as. to
imagine that serious practical grievances
can be mitigated by a royal visit to Ire
land or by a .British celebration of St.
Patrick's day." . • •
Edward Blake, a member of Parliament
for South Langford. who proposed the
toast "Ireland," a Nation," was greeted
with hostile cries. • A- disturbance ensued
and the police were called In to restore
order.
ASSASSIN OF
GOEBEL WAS
A MULATTO
Evidence Alleged to Have
Been Given by Sergeant
Golden. -
CULPRIT GOT SAFELY AWAY
¦ • . ¦ .'
Supposed to Be Hiding in the Wilds
of : One of tha Mountain
Counties of Ken-
tucky.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. March ».— The stor
ies growing out of the conference between
Sergeant F. Wharton Golden of the Bar
boursvtlle company of State militia and
the attorneys who are managing th« In
vestigation of the assassination of Gov
ernor Goebel have caused a sensation
throughout the State. Golden will be
placed on the stand by the prosecution In
the trial. of the persons already arrested
for alleged complicity in the assassination,
but Information as to the exact natur* of
the testimony he Is expected to give la
lacking. Attorneys Campbell and Pos
grove naturally decline to discuss the
matter, and Golden will say nothing. Spe
cials from Winchester say Golden Is *tIU
at that place in company with his attor
ney. The two spend most of the time
about the hotels. They see all callers,
however, and talk freely on all subject*
except that of Golden's reported confes
sion. .
"I will do all I can for my friends all tha
time," Golden la reported as saying, -but
I * must first be true, to myself, whtn
the time comes I will tell all I know.
Whatever else may be said about me. I
don't think I can be accused of being a
liar, a coward or a Democrat, and I want
It i distinctly understood that I am not
here under guard."
The story Is published that Golden bai
divulged to the attorneys the name of the
man who fired the shots that killed Gov
ernor Goebel. Ihe person mentioned is a
mulatto, who formerly lived at Winches
ter, was prominent In the French-Eversole
feud and is known as a dead shot. Tho
man is now supposed to be in the wilds
of one of the mountain counties.
Evidence that he was in Franfcfort at
the time r.f the assassination waa found
among papers taken from W. 11. Coulton.
a 'clerk in the Auditor's office, when the
latter was arrested a week or so ago on
a warrant charging him with being an ac
cessory to the murder. Among there
papers were receipts for board bills
amounting to about $300 Incurred br
eighteen men who were in Frankfort for
some time before and at the time GtJv
ernor Goebel was shot. In one of these
receipts the name of the mulatto men
tioned is given. The receipt in this case
is for money received from John Perkln*
by Bettlna Plttman for the board of three?
men. Perkins Is a porter about the State
House.
•
GOLDEN'S MYSTERIOUS
VISIT TO LEXINGTON
LEXINGTON*. Ky.. March 20.— Sergeant
F. 'Wharton- Golden, the man alleged to
have made incriminating statements in
the Goebel murder, arrived here. In com
pany with his attorney, Smith Hayes, to
night. They came from Winchester- Their
movements have been kept in the dark
and their presence was not known until
several - hours after their arrival. ¦ They
did not register at the Phoenix Hotel, but
it is said Golden went through the rear
door of the Phoenix and subsequently to
his room- In the hotel. Another and most
probable story is that they were met by
a carriage and driven to the home of a
Goebel Democrat in the north end of tha
city. As the hotel clerk knew nothing of
their arrival efforts to find Golden proved
futile.
Many rumors are flying. One Is that he
Is trying- to get away from Goebel Influ
ences but is closely watched. It is prob
able that he has given them the slip. • j\.n
other rumor Is that he is here for further
conference with Goebel attorneys to
morrow.
AWFUL NATURAL PHENOMENON
IN SAN JACINTO MOUNTAINS
He was a Turk among Turks— taciturn,
energetic, with an iron will. He never
wrote dispatches, his reports to Constan
tinople consisting merely of a few words.
His uniform consisted usually of a jacket
with a broad facing of dark cloth, long
waistcoat of Louis XV style and tight
fltting trousers, with knee boots— a dress
presenting a contrast to that of other
Turkish generals. He generally wore a
loose blue cloak, with no apparent mark
on it to designate his rank, and a red
tex: In camp he never wore a sword, but
invariably had a pair of field glasses slung
over his shoulder. From the military
academy at Constantinople he went di
rectly to the Crimean war and rose to an
army corps command in the Servian war.
THE --.SAN;/. FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 21, 1900.
CHAZI OSMAN
PASHA CALLED
TO HIS REST
Death's Hand Laid Unon the
Gallant "Hero of
Plevna." .
FAMOUS TURKISH WARRIOR
Check He Inflicted Upon Russian In-
vaders One of the Most Bril
liant Military Feats in
History.
SixsclaJ Dispatch to The Call.
MOSCOW. March 20.— A dispatch
from Constantinople says that
Ghazi Osman Pasha is dead.
When the Sultan learned of the
death of the famous general he
exclaimed:
"Allah is unmerciful. He has deprived
3
THE LATE OSMAN PASHA.
* GEORGE F. WILCOX, the
Self -Confessed Vsife Mur
"''¦..derer: '•' : ''^\", ' ' '¦"¦••'.. '"-rV^'V
»:...;¦• ¦¦'¦¦.:'¦. ¦¦¦¦¦.-.¦• ¦ ¦
Crevices in Solid Granite 30 Feet 1 eep and 3 Feet Wide.
San Jaclnto group of mountains cover ar
area of 1000 square miles and are a verj
rugged range. . San Jacinto Mountair
stands out by Itself and is a landmark foi
a . long distance. Professor Davidsor
also said that he had seen a landslide or
the' Diablo range that covered a quartei
section: As to the crevices and the
caverns he wished to get more facts be
fore" he ¦ expressed any opinion as a
scientist. ' An .earthquake might have
sent. huge masses of earth Into motion
down the mountain side or moisture might
have caused the same effect.' Belf resp*<rt Is on good terms with the
• old •¦ Government ; Whisky.- ¦**¦ -'¦ - ¦ - > •' •
Men's calf shoes, worth $3 CO. for only
Jl 50 a pair, at the sale of shoes, 717 Mar-
ket . etre«t. . •;..-•-¦*•:.-• • "
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Fetrr. .
¦ Cowrnwnclne October 1. ISM. ¦ * -
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL TALLBt
AND 3AM RAFASU
WEEK DATS— *7:OO. •»:«>. n:<>o a. m.; n:««»
•J:4O. 8:13. «:00. C:3O o. m. . ¦ •- , .¦-
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill V«ll«y and San H%.
fael. on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays.
at »:00 and ll:» o. m. - , -
BUNDAYS-»8:O0. »W:00. ni:M ». m.; nai
S:l5. •*:*&. «:SO. »rt» d. m. .- . .~7.-
- Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.' ¦
FROM BAN RAFAEI. TOYSAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAT&-«:S.-.»«:Z5. 7:4V9:40 a/in 7»
•U:3O. t:IS. *8:4 O. p. m. .¦.»•.*
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays an 4
Saturdays at «:40 and 10:15 p. m.
BUNDAT3-«:S0. • ««:0O. • »lff:Co. «U:45 a. *m.l
1:*0. •5:13.:4:45, tVO o. m. - ,-.? :~"*
-Trains marked-<») start Irota Ban Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLET.TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-5:«. ; «:45.' 7:5i ,.tM 1 ii~ni/.
12:35. I:SS. 3:45. i:K p. in. >• .?.. T,:^".'
¦ EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:CO and 10:20 n. m.
. BUNDAY3-B:CS. 10:03 a. m.; U:0B. J:18, IM.
1:00. 1:45 p. Ny . •¦ ¦ —^
-^ ¦:'¦'-' TKROUOH .TRAINS.' '¦
T:CO a. m. week days— Caiadero and way ttaUonav
l:« 0 p. m. Saturdays— Tomalea and way stations.
Ihn a» n. Sußaays-^Xorjoaisi in*! TTMT tfallinfc
I^GMIGACitX
. \ This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.' ¦ ¦',
CONNECTINO TralW LEAVES SAN FjtANCISCOt
;V; V 5 P.m. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.H in time to connect with all limited ;
J '¦'-¦_ trains lor New York. ;•.¦. >- v
OVER LAND "; leares San Franclsco'at 5:38
FXDDF^^ ..p. ra. with' Palace and Tourist
I>a ii v c * rs for Kslns *s City, St. Lot»^
; .: PAILY, Chicago and East. : - "; : " \
Local ; trains . between i Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno.' Hanford, Visalia; Tulare v nrtAn
and Bakersfield. - , . > ; <f »
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 628
'FDKm Sf»nN Market Street, Phone Main
f- KI3C y ,? UUIN ' .1531; Oakland, 1118 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street. . .; . ¦-,-...
COAST IMVIsiOM (Nnrronr (iauge).
:i^ (Foot ol Market Street.)
California Limited
Santa Fe Rpiite
THE FEAR OF HUMBUG.
Prevents Many People From Trying
a Oood Medicine.
Stomach troubles are so common and in
most cases bo obstinate to. cure that peo-
ple are apt. to look with suspicion on any
remedy claiming to "be a radical,, perma-
nent cure for .'dyspepsia: and! indigestion.
' Many v such t pride '] themselves ; on ; their
acuteness jin never being humbugged, es-
pecially In medicines.' -
: This t f ear ¦ of ! being • humbugged can ;be
carried too far, so far; in fact, that many
people suffer for years with weak dices-
tionf rather than risk I a > little time: and
money., in faithfully.^ testing ; the
made of a preparation so reliable and uni-
versally used as Stuart's Dyspepsia } Tab-
lets.*^ -".... . -;-V:, J ¦ ¦?... " •.. -..
" Now Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
vastly different In one important ' respect
from ordinary proprietary,^ medicines." for
the reason that S they.. Vare; not a secret
patent .medicine; -no ; secret fj is mad« of
their ingredients,- but analysis* shows them
to contain the'natural'digestiye'fernhjnts,
pure aseptic* pepsin, ; the digestive ; adds,
Golden Seal, bismuth, hydrastis and r.ux.
They are : not _ cathartic,^ neither do they
act " powerfully^ on i any 1 organ; i but they
cure indigestion on the common sense plan
of digesting the food eaten thoroughly be-
fore it has time to ferment," «our and cause
the mischief. This is ¦ the < only « secre; ; of
their success. ,- , ,^" . vi ¦,
Cathartic pills never have and never can
cure ¦' indigestion- ¦ and \2 stomach ; troubled
because they; act • entirely on* the bowels,
whereas the whole trouble is, really «n the
stomach; v ...'.. ;- *. '.' '-/--¦,
¦ Stuart's - Dyspepsia -Tablets taken .• after
meals digest the food." > That is all there in
to it.-. Food not digested* or half-digested
is poison, as' it creates gas. acidity, nfca>l-
acnes,' palpitation of the ;• heart, loss of
flesh . and appetite ; and many* other .: trou-
bles. which are often called by. some other
'name/;- , ; . . :•' =.- ¦ ..-¦ ¦'-"•w ;¦- ¦•:* '•'¦ : '.: --_;•"¦--
They are sold by: druggists everyw|fere
at BO cents per package. • .-• ; n-. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mmmmun r acific coji r Airr.
- (PAcirio htstbm.) •*• : : .
Trains l«av« aaii »r« «¦(¦• to at'rrlv* »*
SAN ritAMIMO.
(Main line. Foot or Market Street.)
his bosom and without compunction
branded h«--r with the scarlet letter, not
with any such holy motive as he has at
tempted to force the public to believe.
Hack of all this man's domestic difficulties
is a love affair involving with his name
that of Miss Mary Browning, daughter of
a wealthy rancher of Woodland, and super
intendent of the Christian Sunday-school
of that city. The couple became acquaint
ed while Rev. Mr. Smith was guiding the
destinies of the Christian Church there,
about eight or ten months ago. The asso
ciation of the pair, which was viewed
with suspicion by the community, reached
the climax of a scandal early this month
at the little town of Princeton. Colusa
County, where Rev. Mr. Smith and the
joung woman met by prearrangtment at
the home of Mr. and Mrs. Fred Hart,
¦where they remained" for several days,
during which time their conduct was
euch as to shock the people of the set
tlement." This resulted in the sending of
words of warning to their hostess, who
took the Woodland girl to task for . her
indiscreet actions, forcing from her an ad
mission that a bond stronger than that
of friendship existed between her and the
pastor.
Rev. Mr. Smith's Duplicity.
Smith had laid siege to her affections
while he was stationed at Woodland, long
before any trouble had sprung up between
liim and his wife. By a strange coinci
dent his protestations of affection became,
more ardent, about the time he filed a suit
against his wife for a divorce, claiming
thai he had made the discovery that they
were cousins. Stranger still, at the very
time when Smith had switched his plea
and was showing his Christian spirit by
branding hi* wife as unfaithful, this min
ister of the gospel was hieing himself to
the trysting place at Princeton to meet
the new love before he had fairJy aban
doned the old— at least before the courts
had taken cognizance of his story and
allowed him to dissolve his vow to "love,
honor and cherish" the wife whom he
has now cast aside. ¦ ¦ - ;-i '-:, '
Such is the Rev. Mr. Smith,. and in view
of recent developments' in his career it is
hard to believe that he has made any
sacrifice in order that he might "pursue
his Christian work unfettered." but it is
«>asy to imagine that he sacrificed the
pood name and honor of his wife in order
to pursue his love-making with less ic
etrictiori.
The Clandestine Meeting. '
Rev. Mr. Smith did more than this when
he ar.d his Woodland love arranged their
clandestine meeting at the ' Hart home,
near Princeton. He exposed- to the dan
ger of public scorn Mrs. Hart, whose hos
pitality he abused and who was innocent
of any knowledge of Smith's visit until
he arrived on the scene, bag andbaggage.
the day after the object of his affections
reached Princeton. When the position in
which the pastor had placed. her dawned
upon Mrs. Hart she was compelled. In
order to protect her own good name and
quell the rourmuringof disapproval among
her neighbors, to go to them, apologize
for the conduct of gay Guy Smith and aU
lady love and tell them that the meeting
at her home was not of her arranging. • •
The story of Guy Smith's latest love af
fair runs back many months. In its earlier
stages, when the minister was still In
Woodland, an angry father threatened' to
perioußly interfere in the matter. Mr.
Browning, shocked at the rumors that
Smith was displaying too great affection
for Miss Mary. and neglecting Mrs.. Smivh.
forbade his daughter to associate with th.»
minister, and -by way of emphasis gave
gey Guy to understand that if he -did nut
cease his attentions :Yolo County would
be too small for both families.
A Web of Oily Words.'
When Smith first forgot his duty to hit
wife and his borne and began to ensnare
Miss Browning in his web of oily words
and protestations of affection Mrs. Hart,
who was then Miss Holloway, was super
intendent of the Woodland Sunday school,
and her assistant was the young woman
whom Smith bad marked for his victim. A
ehort time after Woodland congratulated
itself upon the departure of Smith and be
gan to sympathize with Oakland for hav
ing to suffer him to reside within the lim
its of that city Miss Holloway and Fred
Hart, a wealthy young rancher of Pr'r.ce
ton, concluded to get married. ; They went
to Oakland, where Rev. Guy Smith. tied
the knot. On that occasion Mrs. Hart in-,
vited • the minister to visit the - Princeton
ranch when be felt the need of a rest !rou
V
the pair should visit her at the same time,
knowing ihat the father of Smith's Wood
land flame had forbidden her assoc'atlon
with the preacher. She reconciled herself
vrith the hope that it was only a coinci
dence after all and made the best of it
until the murmurings of the country folk
reached her ears and her brother, a
prominent Colusa doctor, warned her to
beware or she would become involved in
the scandal which he was sure would fol
low.
Tne twilight rambles of Brother Smith
and the "sister" of the Woodland Sunday
school along the lonely country roadsides
had not escaped the notice nor the com
ment of the people of Princeton. "Lov
ers, no doubt, was the early verdict un
til the word was passed that the man was
a minister, the Rev. Guy Smith, who was
suing one wife for a divorce and had not
hesitated to blast her life with cruel ac
cusations of infldolity.
Then' came the murmurings of contempt
for Smith; his hostess fell in for a share
of the public scorn, for her neighbors
jumped to the conclusion that she was
cognizant of their "doings" and had ar
ranged the meeting. ' ..-•;..„-
This forced her to declare her position
in the- matter and apologize for*, her
guests. She took her Woodland friend to
task for placing her in such an embar
rassing situation and demanded to know
the nature of the bond which evidently,
existed between the -Woodland Sunday
school superintendent and the pastor of
the First Christian Church of Oakland.
Miss Browning's Confession.
Miss Browning confessed that the feel
ing between them- was more than that
which surrounds mere friendship. She
confessed to Mrs. Hart that she and
Smith were lovers and ultimately would
become husband and wife if nothing in
terfered. with their plans. . She confessed
that the Rev." Mr. Smith's motive in suing
his wife for divorce was not "to place him
in such a light that he could, unfetNsred,
pursue his duties as a minister ,ol the
gospel." She confessed that the purpose
was to destroy the barrier which stood
between them and the altar. She con
fessed that the charges brought against
Mrs. Smith by her husband .had no foun
dation in fact, •" ¦ '
. Mrs. Hart was shocked ¦ beyond ' meas
ure at the revelations and the early de
parture of her guests was' made neces
sary. Rev. Mr. Smith suggested . to I Miss
Browning that" they leave the ranch to
gether. Mrs. Hart pleaded with them not
to give further excuses ' for scandal by
puch action, but Smith insisted and their
departure together on the train for the
south is still the talk of the little town
of Princeton.
Smith's Unsavory Reputation.
Miss Browning. is a member of one of
the most estimable families in Woodland,
I where for years she bore an unblemished
reputation. Rev. Mr. Smith is roundly
condemned for his conduct toward her
and it is the general belief that he ex
ercises some hypnotic influence over her.
As the facts in the 'case have gradually
;become public in C6lusa; Princeton and
-Woodland, the feeling against Smith runs
high and it would.be the height of in
discretion on his' part to repeat his visit
to any of the places named;
. In Colusa, where he was formerly lo
cated, he does not bear a good reputation.
Rev. W. P. Rcagar. the Christian minis
ter there, has for. some time been gather
ing -evidence against him in support of a
request that he withdraw from' the church
for the good "of the institution's . name.
Many of the merchants of Colusa remem
ber Smith to their sorrow. - ,' ; ¦
Down at Pacific Grove, where he also
held forth at one time, discreditable
stories are circulated i about • him. • ¦ ;¦-' ¦
Rev. Mr. Smith is either a wolf in
sheep's clothing or he entertains peculiar
ideas of Christianity and, the duties of a
minister of the Gospel. -•..•• •>
SULTAN YIELDS TO
DEMANDS OF RUSSIA
Said to Have Granted Concessions for
the Railway in Asia
Minor, i
| .LONDON, March 21.— The Constanti
nople.' correspondent . of the. .=. = .Times , an
nounces that the. Sultan has yielded "in
'all- essential particulars" ,to • ttfe Russian
demands respecting, railway concessions
in Asia Minor.
Assessor Fooled Them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS, March 20.— Hale and Waltz,
two Butto County sheep men, who have
sheep in this. county on the Flnnell place
near St. JoTin,. were, lately .visited by As
sessor Elbe ¦to ascertain *. the number • of
sheep they. had in their possession. They
told him; they had 3000. Mr. ¦ Elbe .sus
pected" they were- endeavoring *to * deceive
him; besides, he heard from other parties
that the two owners were boasting of how
they fooled the Assessor, so he went over
to the v ranch • and • counted the
sheep. He found 4100 in the band. He had
already assessed 3000 at $2 50 per head; but
he put 1100 In at JlO.per head In order, to
punish the men for endeavoring to evade
taxes. Hale and Waltz acknowledged over
the telephone to-day,that. they had tried
REV. GUY SMITH, Whose Name Is Involved in Scandal.
BAXLROAD TRAVEL.
COAL. COKB AND PIO IRON.
J.C WILSON & CO.; A^ZSTZ*.
to evade taxes and said they merited tho
penalty.' ' --- ¦ ' • ' -..* • •¦.-'
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application*.
REV. GT'Y SMITH, the minister of
the First Christian Church of
Oakland, is not the saint -that he
would have the public believe
him. Brought into prominence by
the sensational features of a divorce suit,
he sought to create the Impression that
he was a martyr and had made the sac
rifice of allowing himself to become in
volved in a domestic scandal in order to
•place himself in such a light that he
could, unfettered.- pursue his duties as a
minister of the gospel."
Rev. Mr. Smith cast aside the wife of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, .MARCH 21, 1900.
his labors in saving sinners and keeoins
the saints from straying from his flock
The invitation had long been forgotten,
when Mrs. Hart received a letter from
her friend Miss Browning that she was
on a visit to Redding and on the way
homo would take a "run in" to the Prince
ton ranch and stop a few days. The
news was hailed with delight by Mrs.
Hart and in due course of tinae the young
woman was her guest The day follow
ing hrr arrival Rev. Mr. Smith "dropped
in" unannounced, prepared also to "stop
a day or so." '¦¦
Hambled Like Lovers at Twilight.
Mrs. Hart thought it was peculiar that
a^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
m in 1804 (or the treatment of Private
m Dlaeaaes, Lost Manhood.- BebiUtr oe
m disease rearing on body and mind and
¦ 81cln OiMaees. The doctor curaawfaru
¦ others tall. Try him. Chargtf low
¦ Cnr««naraßUr«. Callorwrlta
• Or. J. *•• faIBBON, Box 1987, San Fraaclaca
Young Child Killed.
SANTA I CRUZ, March 20.— This after
noon j the, 3-year-old i son " of i Andrew Jen
kins of Scotts Valley was killed while
playing around a buggy, the top of. which
fell down and caught nis neck between the
back of the seat- and the iron rod of the
cover of the vehicle. ¦
JLUCLBO AD TBA VBZb
of the committee except Senator Pettus,
and.it recommends the adoption of the
following resolution: -
Kosolved. That Nathan B. Scott has been
duly elected as a Senator from the State of
West Virginia for the term of bU years com
mencing on the 4th of March, 1599, and that
he is entitled to a seat in the Senate as such.
The committee discussed all the objec
tions of the protestants, but the greater
part ; uf the report is devoted to the
charge that the two hold-over Senators,
Getzendanner and Pearson, voted for
Scott while they held commissions in the
volunteer army and that the agreement
whereby contests in the Legislature were
suspended while a joint assembly for the
election of a Senator was held was "void
as against public. policy."
The first of these .points is dismissed
upon the ground that . the State Senate
passed favorably upon the qualifications
as members of the two soldier Senators.
On this point the committee says:
The Senate of West Vlrsinia is th» only
tribunal which could hear and determine law
fully these objections to the qualifications of
Senators Getrendanner and Pearson.. Its Judg
ment In their favor is final. The Senate of the
United States has no authority to originate,
hear or determine any objections to the qualifi
cations of those who acted and voted as mem
bers of the Senate of the State.
On the point raised as to the- Joint as
sembly the committee says:
It may be that wrong and Injustice- to mem
bers, and contestants was done and Intended to
be done on one side "or the other, • or on both
sides. . There Is no evidence of , force or fraud
ln'these transactions In the documents or facts
before us. The unanimous vote In both houses
upon resolutions postponing- pending contests
for seats dlyproves duress, if tho .word. duress
has . meanlnz in this remonstrance; : t ; ;.¦.»¦-»•;:.
We cannot Fay that such' an agreement t" as
thin between -ten men,'j and favored afterward
by all members. Is \'voi,d as against public pol
icy.".' "We cannot declare '.void the unanimous
act of the Senate'or the unanimous act of the
House of like pacific purpose. Nor can we per
ceive how It "vitiated said election.""
TO THE EttSTiMzsm
. THROUGH FIRST-CLASS PULLMAN SLEEPERS^NOW IN SERVICE
Between ban trancisco and Chicago
Via Southern Pacific — Rio Grande Western
Denver and Rio Grande (Scenic Route) and
•¦-,¦: -¦-¦--_ ¦ ¦:.':' v >v ¦ /
(jreat c ßpch lsland c ßpute
GRANDEST SCENIC TRIP IN THE WORLD
THE -COLORADO ROCKIES CROSSED <BY VAYLIGHTi- ,-
Pullman's Finest Broad Vestibuled Sleepers
Leaving San Frmnclsco Daily at 8:30 A. M. on
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC LIMITED
(Westbound cars carried on same train). .
4*.' ¦
.... DINING CAR SERVICE THROUGH— BUFFET LIBRARY CARS
CLINTON JONES, Gen'l Agt, 624 Market St, San Francisco, Cai^
JOHN SBBASTIAN, G. P. : A., Chicago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
every point at issue Davis is confident
that much* of the present. opposition" will
disappear; and it is his purpose -to urge
action upori- it : at the . present session of
Congress notwithstanding that the time
limit , for ratification - has ¦¦ been extended
until* the 4th of next, March. ; .
."Among the .United States, products
specially/benefited- by the treaty are
mentioned fruits, vegetables, wines, and
spirits.'. "" - , ¦ ...' ¦¦;•-¦ ?¦¦¦:¦-\ ' .
".In regard to various interests which are
opposing. the treaty the report presents
data to prove that the opposition is based
on false premises:, - - '¦ . '
..In regard to the Jewelry trade, for in
stance, figures are presented to show that
the treaty actually opens the French mar
ket, to United States jewelry -instead , of
increasing the French export trade to us.
In relation •- to the knit goods industry,
which has been one of the principal op
ponents to: the' treaty, the report, states
that the present duty averaged upon all
importations, of cotton knit goods is 64.2
per cent j ad valorem.' -_ Under the ¦ treaty
the average 'ad valorem rate will <¦ be 51.5
per cent -and upon the largest class of
hosiery imported 57.1 per cent.
-.• "It appears, therefore," the report
states, "absolutely certain that this In
dustry is not endangered in the least un
less it demands - . an . absolute ¦ monopoly
against all .foreign competition. --' Over
against the ' moderation of the United
States duty is a concession by France to
the United States of 425 rper cent' of the
French duty. on the same goods."- ;. ¦
Various Interests Now in Support of Con
vention Which at One Time Were En
i deavoring to Defeat It.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEI^
LINGTON HOTEL,. WASHING
TON,' 1 March" 20.— An important
document . presenting : strong rea
sons for .the ratification of the
French reciprocity i treaty has been com
piled by Senator: Davis, chairman of, the
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations,
and adopted by; that committee as, its re
port in favor of the pending 'instrument.
It embraces a vast amount of informa
tion ¦ relative to the commercial relations
between the United ( States and France,
including detailed statements compiled by
the Government showing the proposed
tariff rate on all articles embodied In the
treaty; also a comparison of the actual
concessions granted by the United States
and by France under its provisions; :
To 'enable Senators and Representatives
to observe the delation of the pending
treaty to the interest of their respective
States it also includes a list of leading
articles of production arranged by* groups
of States which will receive advantages
secured by the convention with France,
together with the reductions of /duty
thereon. *
A significant part of the report is found
in the statement of various interests in
support of the treaty which at one time
were endeavoring to defeat it.
With this document in the hands of
every [ Senator thoroughly explaining
FOR RATIFICATION
OP FRENCH TREATY
Interesting Report Adopted by the
Senate Foreign Relations'
Committee.
HOUSE STANDS
BY THE WAR
DEPARTMENT
Tables Sulzer's Resolution
Regarding Esquimalt
Fortifications.
— *
.Secretary Boot's Refusal to Given XTp
Secret Information Is Consid
,, ered to Have Been
x Proper.
WASHINGTON, March 20.— The House
to-day entered upon the consideration of
the Loud bill to restrict the character; of
publications entitled to pound rates as sec
ond class mail matter. The bill has been
before Congress for several years/ Loud
defended the bill In a long speech. Con
siderable opposition to the measure was
developed. ''..^ -^ V-:
Before the bill was taken up Sulzer of
New York delivered'a denunciation of the
administration in - connection with his
resolution of inquiry calling upon the War
Department for- information as to what
fortifications Great Britain is erectmg on
the Canadian border. The Committee on
Military Affairs submitted a reply of Ad
jutant General Corbin saying such Infor
mation was secret, but that Great Brit
ain was erecting no works which threat
ened our rights. The committee recom
mended that "the resolution He on. the
table. The House sustained the commit
tee's recommendation by a vote of 110 to
97.
Previous to the vote Sulzer, by unani
mous consent, took the floor for five mln
uptes to debate the resolution. He said:
Mr. Speaker, this resolution was Introduced
in good faith and with a popular demand for
legitimate Information, which the; War De
partment should furnish: to -this House, .-In or
der that it can properly consider and transact
its business. There is nothing in the resolution
which calfs for any secret Information from
tho War Department. It is very strange, it
seems to me,' that the Committee on Military
Affairs are so sensitive in regard to the resolu
tion. ¦ The report from the adjutant general is
preposterous and untenable. He says that this
information is secret. This resolution calls for
no secret information. He says . that Great
Britain- Is' not trespassing upon our territory.
No on» contends that Great Britain Is tres-
I>asstngr on our territory. How ridiculous it
is for the adjutant general to say. that in this
report. . . ' ' -
Attacks the Administration.
What we do declare, and what ' every thlnk
lnjr and . Intelligent citizen of this country
• know*. Is that while Great Britain ispretend-
Idr to be our friend she is sedulously and con
sistently erecting great fortifications; on our
northern frontier which menace the Integrity
of the republic and -which on notice of twenty
four hours could destroy our cities, our towns
and lay 'waste it>* property of >our peoDle. It
seems to me tJWI to-day the administration
Is being humbinpfbd by. the administration of
Great Britain. . .
The gentleman frcm . Illinois the other day
reported to this House the fortification : bill,
carrying' an appropriation of three or four
millions, more than the last appropriation bill.
We want this information In order to Intelli
gently . know what fortifications we ought to
erect In opposition to the. fortifications .Great
Britain is erecting. I think this resolution
should pass. There is a feeling all over the
country that the administration has absolutely
and abjectly surrendered American rights to
British interests. It has done so in Alaska; it
has done so In regard to the Nicaragua canal ;
it is doing so now in the Orient, in the Philip
pines, In China. It has been done by Great
Britain In this war In South Africa, (Applause
on Democratic side.) If it had not been for
what the administration did. the; other day,
after consultation with Lord -Pauncefote. after
being told what to do by Sallsbursv-.there would
have been a concert of EhiropeftrOSgwers which
would nave 'demanded the -oessatfim of war In
South Africa. The administration here Is more
English than the administration .In London,
and it Is time for Roroe < one to stand ur> here
and talk for American rights against British
interests? . (Loud applause from the -Democratic!
side.)- ;;. -iV- ;-:>y.'"r-: ¦;.>. .¦ , \j ;-, • ¦_._
REGULATES DISPOSAL
OF ESTATES OF ALIENS
Senate Considers a New : Treaty - r Be-
tween - Great' Britain : and the
. United States.
WASHINGTON, March 20.— The Senate
to-day in executive session considered- the
treaty between the United j States and
Great Britain regulating the disposal of
the estates of citizens of one country who
may die in the other country. Senator
Wolcott of the Committee on Foreign Re
lations had charge of the treaty anl ex
plained the legal bearing of the agree
ment, saying that it covered practically,
the same ground- as treaties with other
countries on the 1 same subject. . Senator
Davis, chairman of the Committee.on For
eign Relations, also made a statement In
support of the treaty.' ...
Senator Bacon of the same committee
criticised the treaty as conferring a power
upon the Federal Government In the regu
lation of estates which was an infringe
ment upon the rights of the- States and
Territories." He pointed out that the pond."
ing treaty goes further than any agree
ment with any other power . in- the
fringement of this right, and he especially
criticised the authority granted by tho
treaty to the Queen of England or The
President of the United States to exiend
the provisions . of the treaty to depend
encies. ;%'.:;> •
The treaty was amended by striking out
the time limit for ratification, which made
it expire on the 2d inst. No vote was
reached, and -when the. Senate adjourned
there was an Understanding that the
treaty would ng-aln be taken up at 3
o'clock to-morrow.
FAVORABLE REPORT ON
PACIFIC CABLE BILL
Senate Measure Will Provide for Im
mediate Laying of a Line to
. . Honolulu: ' .
.WASHINGTON, March 20.— The Senate
Committee on Naval Affairs to-d*y agreed
to report the bill for a Pacific cable; which
Senator Hale' was. authorized to" t draft at
the last session of the committee* and. the
report was later presented to the Senate.
The bill provides for a present cable only
to Honolulu, but declares a purpose to
extend it in the future, the first. section
reading as follows:' ¦ - - • ¦¦¦¦
That to the end of establishing hereof ter
telegraph communication between the 'linit*d
States and the Philippine' lslands and Japan
under the waters of the: Pacific. Ocean, there
shall *be | constructed .under . the supervision of
the Secretary of the Navy a : submarine tele
graphic cable or cables .and -connecting 1 land
llnea from the, city of San Francisco. Cal., to
the city of Honolulu, ' over such route as way
be deemed by the Secretary of the Navy to be
the most practicable..
Three million dollars are appropriated
for the work, and. further surveys aie
authorized to determine "the most practi
cable route. The Secretary is > empowered
to cause plans to be prepared immediately
upon the passage of the act and to employ
naval vessels, if necessary,' in the - con
struction. " The control of the cable when
completed is to be transferred to the Post
master General! ' »• .•; i -
A new provision in the bill requires that
"the cables, wires and other instruments,
materials and appurtenances necessary in
the work of laying the cable shall be of
American manufacture, provided „ that >it
can be procured at a cost not exceeding 12
per cent above what it could be procured
for in foreign markets." ' , :
SCOTT ENTITLED TO
A SEAT IN SENATE
Committee on Elections Decides the
Contest From \West ' Vir-;
WASHINGTON, ; March 20.— Senator. Mc-
Comas, from . • the } Senate r Committee *on
Privileges and Elections, tb r day presented
the report "of t that committee on -the | mat^
ter of the protest against the continuance
of ; Hon. N:; B. v Scott lof West "Virginia In
his , seat as Senator from , that State. The
report-is concurred -in -by all '. the members
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
REV. GUY SMITH
IS A GAY LOVER
Motive for Seeking a Divorce Ex
posed by Confession of His
New Flame.
Clandestine Meeting With the Young Woman
-at Princeton, Colusa County, Involves
Them Both in Scandal.
We don't wish-to boie you, but we are
still harping oh our great sale
in the
,Gloak ¦ -Department,
We know that we are giving the best
value in the city for the
least money.
See Omr Price tistr
CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
Read the prices carefully j then como and Jadgo
of the qualities. '
35 Ladies' Jackets, were $5.00 and $&50 each.
Now $>.95 Bach
58 Ladies' Jackets, were $7.50 and $10.00,:
Now $2.50 EacH
24 Ladies' Tailor- Mads Suits, were $1250 suit,
' V- - Now 7. 50 «t Suit
40 Ladies 1 Tailor-Made Suits, were $1500 and $17.50 a suit.
Now $10.00 m. Suit
75 Ladies' Woolen Dress Skirts, were $4 00 and $5.00 each,
Now SO Beach
40 Ladies' Woolen Dress Skirts, were $600 each, . •
Now $3.50 Eaoh
25 Ladies' Silk and Satin Dress Skirts, were $10.00 each,
'ijT'-k ¦ No**/ $S.OO Each
. 18 Ladies' Silk and Satin Dress Skirts, ware $1250 each,
Now &7. SO Each
250 Ladies' Calico Wrappers, were $1.50 each, •
. • Now ® 1.00 Bach
G. GURTIN,
phone south 280. * 011-918 Market Street.
I^^^T^ROl
In 1858 Rev. HENR^WARD BEECHER*
*•¦¦ '¦ '"' Saldof \ ' -'-¦¦;¦]: r-- ;.
Brown's BrohchialTroches
: : : ( " I think' better of tint which I begin
thinking well of." ¦ '2 : fJ'
Fac^hnlle f>V f A ,/ on erery
Slenatnreof^^^^^^^^o^^
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Bupt. H. BLTTH, Mgr.
C V CillTß Bhlp Plumbing, Steamboat
V« 1T« 3311 111) and Ship Work a Specialty. II
and IS Washington st. 'Telephone Main WX.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
l A^ ROYF^ * Til Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3- DUlCjtt tU-i clay. Tel. Main 1294.
PAPER DEALERS.
WII I AMFTTP TULP AND PAPER CO..
TTILLAIIiCI 1C 722 Montgomery, st. .
<::¦[¦*; PRINTIN3.
E.C BUOBES. oi-iSSS^f-aF.
STATION ER AND PRINTER.
Tel £SeS h . lo PARTRIDGE ™ C^.T %
WfllTE ASH STEAM COAL, %&F%u&
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its ORESN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal In the
market. Office and Yards — 450 Main street. "
Specialists for Men
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
Pay when well. Advice and crlvate book
free, office or mall. Home, cures. Estab-
lished 19 years. No Injurious medicine used.
br;Meyers&Co.
731 Market St., S. F. x
LXAVi — From Febkoabv 38, 1900."— abjuvb)
DDTTCU 17 Q FOR barbers. . bak-
DilUOiiJ>lO ers - bootblacks, bath-
houses,, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, l canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries,- laundries, paper-
hangers, ¦ printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc .
¦ BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Mnnufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
- »7:00 a. Benida, Kuisuu. ' Elmira. VacarTJOe,
Rnmseyand Sacramento. '*7>4Si>
*7>OOa Shasta < Express— DaTia, Willows, ¦ - - -.
Red Bluff. Portland.. *7i«»
«7»3»a Martinex, .San Ramon, V»llejo, Napa,
Caliatfga ami Santa 1t0ea.. ....... •CilSr
•8»80a Tho Overland lirolted— Ogden, Den- '*•'¦ :
Ter, OiDaha. Chicago »siia»
•»i3oa San Jose, .' liTermore. Stoekhm, .
lone, . Sacramento. Flacerrllle.
MarysTlllP, Chlco. Ke.l JtlnrT...... «4il»p
•SiSOa 'Milton, OakdaU-, bonora. Carters... M:l3p
•9:OOa Haywards, Nilfsaml Way SUtlons. »11«43a
•BiOUa Ditls, Woodland. Knights Landing, >
MarysTille, OrorUle. «7:I5»
¦ *9too* Atlantic Kxprets— Ogden and East *0:43 a
•9:OOa Martinez. Tracy, I^tbrop, .-kocktoo, •*, ¦
Mercul and Fresno.'. •ISsISf
• l»t««» Port Costa, Fresno, .Mpjate and I^)S • ¦
An K eit«.. ;...;....:. ...;...' »0:-i3p
• lOiOOa Vallolo. Martinea and Wsy Stations ••:43p
•11:OOa Niks, IdTermoTe, - Stockton,' Sacra-
. mento, Mendota, Jlanford. Visalla, -
rcrterrille.'..'."...".:. .-..'......."... • Niia».
•12-.OOM ir»jwar.!a. NHe«»nd Way SUtions. ; •«s43p
fl:OOp Sacramento lHferSteamers. '.*.."..:., -tSsOOF
•3:OOr Uaj-wards, Nilts acd Way Stations. *3i43p
MittOfMartiuei!. riau lininoii, Vallejo,
Napa. C'alUtoga Bautaßos« *wll*a
•4>OOr Bealda,; .'.Vaotvllle, ' Bacrainento, ...
Woinlland, Kntsbts landing, ¦
MarysTlllc, 0r0»i110.....i;..: *f:*9k
•4tnOpNlles,HanJoseaudStoekton - *TilSr
•SitWpTUo Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresno,. '' -
Uaktrsfleld. Saugns for SanU Bar- - »* :
; -tiara, Lvs Ange1e5..'........'.."..'..'. "l^rfSA
<tS:OOp Sncsei Limited— El PaMV New Or- .
-lenns and East...: ;......:... d»i43 a.
I *3<3op Stocktoo. Meiec^l. l'renio *12:13p
*3:! tUp Fresno, lsakerslleM. Santa Iluliara, -
Los Angoles, Vemlng. £1 Paso,'
New Orleans and East *Bi4Jßa-
•3i3Op Mauta Fo Uoiite— Atlanlld Eipreas '¦ ' ¦¦
for Mojttfo ami Kant *11:43p
*O:OOr Hajwarda, Nllea and San J0ee...... *7:4aa
<0:3 Of Vallejn ..........:;. •12:13p
•UiSoi- Oriental Mail— Ogden, : Cbeyenne, -• =¦ *-
Omaha, Chicago • 8 :43 a
. *fl:sOr Oriental Mali— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, Chicago. *4>l3p
J7tO«p Valhrjo, ¦ Port C'osU and Way Sta- ¦ -
t10ua.. ;.....;: •. }9i33r
• •Bi«3FOreg»«and CoUfornla liii.reaa,Ha<».
iniii?ntn. * M:iry»»il!.-, l:t!<Ming,
Portlan.l. rii B">B "> Hoiim.l mnd I'^t «Bil3a.
•Bil3ANewark,4Je<iterTillc,&anJose,Felton. -
Boulder Creek,BkulaOrn»aud War
¦Stations... ....'..... •Si94>*
t«il3r Newark Centerfllle, Ban Jom, New
Almaileu, Felton, Itonldcr Creek,
: Santa Cms and Principal Way
Sutious fl0:9«4
¦4:13r Newark, A»n Jose. Los Gates. «vi2oa
'i1I:I3p Hunters' Gseunion, San Jose and - - '-- -
¦ WaySUtloos ;. J7:*»f
CiLIFOINU NORTBWESTEBN El. CO.
SAH FRANCISCO ANDI NORTH PACIFIQ
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Market 64.
BAN.FRANCISCO~TO BAN RAFAIOX
.WKBX DAYS— 7:3O. »:00. U:0O a, m.;-12:SS,
- *:30 : 5:10, «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
' at 11:30 d. m. .' Saturdays— Extra trip* at I:s*
I and " 11: 30. x». -m. ¦ ¦.--¦.,
SUNDAYS- 8:0\ »:30. U:00 a. ra.; 1:30. J;JO.
i:00, «:20 p. ra. >
BAN RArABI> TO BAM FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«: 10. 7:*>. »:*V 11:10 a. m.; 12:48.
1:40. 5:13 p.. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:&5 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:». 9:43. 11:19 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40, S:OS.
m. --.-.-¦ •¦ .. ¦ • .*•;,-.. . ¦-
, Between Ban Francisco ' and Sohuetzen Park
same schedule «-» above. . ;
'-.Leave ¦¦' - •,-.»;.-—, . Arrive '¦
; Ban Francisco. - In Effect S San Franclse^
— 1 .October IS. [ .
; Week Sun- . 1J».- Bun- Week
f Days. days. Destination, days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novata 14:40 ana) 1:40 an
,8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:05 pmir>:K am
i:lopm »:oOpm Santa Roaa. .7:35 pm| I.H pra
Fulton.
. TJO ara Windsor. 19:SS aza
. • ¦ ' \ : Healdsbors;,
.' - ;,'•¦¦ Lytton.
.¦'.¦¦•'' £Jeysenrlll»,
1:30 pta S:ooam Cloverdale. T:3S pm •:» pra
7:2oam! . (Hopland and I ;i.^
| 8:00 am| Uklah. \ 7:85 pm| S:3 pra
7:10 am - . 10:23 am
. - 8:00 am Guernevllle. T:35 pm
t:3opm -:r..- «:J3 pra
-^ .^ .— .
7:30 am 8:00 am .Sonoma . 9:15 am 8:40 an*
i and
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen, Ellen.- «:06 pm «:3 pra
7:30 ami 8:00 am] SebastopoL 110:40 am! 10:25 am
3:30 pm| g:00 pm| | 7:35 pm| 6:23 pa
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skacss
Spring?; at Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprtnvs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. - Bine Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomow
Potter Valley. John Day's, PJverslde. Llerley**,
Bncknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Ore's
Rot < Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Brajrr.
Westport. Usal. WHUtts. LaytonvMn, • Cum-
mtng's. Bell's Springs, • HarrU. Olse&'s. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rS.
dueed rates. V. ¦ '¦ ' ¦ - r -
On Sunday round-trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. - -
Ticket Offices, 630 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITINO. R. .X. RYAN,
.. General Manager. : Pen. Pass. Agent.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
.romSAN rRISCISCO— rtok »f Kirkit Stmt(S!iiiB)—
¦¦^:- w*l S^: U:oa • ;-. tl *
ram UIIUJI3— F«l «f Bruawtj.— "C:00 8:00 10:00 A.M.
;tl2:00 :«l:6a-; 18:00- c»3:00 ji:00 'B^rja.
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC ' RfIILWAY
~ Leave ' San Francisco ' via ' Sausallto - Ferry.
Week Day5..............»:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
5unday5.. ...... ..8:00, 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. ra.
- Btemm-beatad. closed car on all trains. .
Tmn Ban Francisco to Summit and fUtnro,
' ' '' . COAST IHVISMM (Tiroad «ange).
'_ (Third and Townseml Sta.)
- »<»» l w.iUeeaii View, Booth ban francisco.. tSi»OF
•7:O«a Han Joxa Kml Way Htutloiia (Nsw
- .-Aliuaileu Wednesdays only) *lll*V
•9iOOa Han .li«e. Tres IMnua, Kaiita Cnix, '¦'.'
racllio Ctute. I'asit Itobles. . ban
l.vis Olilipo, Surf. Lompoo and
IViiiclpal Way Hutinns .......... Mil«*
»l*i4lO*.BaiiJoseaa<t Wsy HUUons.... •«i39a
•Ui:iO» 8»u Jiao an.l Way HUtlous *3tSOs>
U:*Sp 8«u Maten, Kadwood. Menlo Park, .
, .Palo Alto. BanU Clara. Ban .loan,
Tres Pinos, BanU Crra. BaUnaa,
... ' Monterey aiHt l'ucilio Grove fI«:30A
fa:S«r S« Q .loio ami Way Stations .:....-..' *J:80f
M««*r San Jose ami Principal Way Stations : "n^a* 1
t.l:*Or Ban.Toso and Principal Way (Stations 1 i9:OOA
•»:.lOp San Jose and Prfncinal Way Sutlous - *8:35 a
, »O::iOr San Jose ami Way Htati0n5. ........ tS:OOA
M1:4.->p San Jcn-» m»l W»y 5tat1mia......... *?:34>p
*¦_ _; A 'or Mornuif. --. ¦ ¦ p for Afternoon. >
rj»ily. t Huo«lay •«cepte<l.' > \ ttnodsy only, i
'-¦'•: - ¦':¦.-¦ ¦-. s Batniday nnly. •• -
.a Tuesdays and Tridajs «, -7 a Thaxsdsjs and Sandsya.
4
a -nirTCB.TISE]ttENTS.REV. FATHER SEBASTIAN DABOVICH-
AN interesting lecture was delivered last nlffht at the Church of the Ad
vent by the Rev. Father Sebastian Dabovlch of the Russian Cathedral.
The subject of the discourse was. "The Relations Between Eastern and
Western Catholicism and What the Orthodox Church Has Done For
Russia." Seated on the platform with the reverend lecturer were Rt. - Rev.
Bishop Moreland, Episcopal Bishop of Sacramento, by whom he was lntro^
<Juc»*J; Rev. Father Parrish, rector of the Church of the Advent: Rev. Father
Radcllffe Rev. Edgar Lion. Rev. Father Bartlett and Rev. Mr. Monges.
In his lecture. Father Dabovlch spoke of the severe-struggle which the
Gre«k church has experienced in this country and Alaska. Ho deprecated
the fact that the Apostolic Catholic Church of Rusela had met with so little
interest and be attributed it to the unfavorable Jtcht ln which the Episcopal
and Ancllcan churches were placed, owing to the attitude of the • Roman
church. The first part of the le-Hure was concluded with an earnest hope
that God will some day unite all branches of the Catholic church..
"Russia owes everything to- the orthodox church." said Father Dabovich,
"v.hlch created her government and endowed It with the breath of life. Rus
sia's strength lies in her orthodoxy and it is impossible to separate the idea
of religion from that of country. In preparing for battle whole armies have
prayed and received the sacraments. In the Mongolian Invasion it was the
orthodox faith that sustained and forted the people and finally delivered
Russia frcm her enemies." v "
At the conclusion of the lecture a collection was taken up* tor the joint
benefit oi the new Russian Cathedral and the payment of the debt on the
Church of the Advent. ' ' - '
POLICE CANNOT FIND
HORTON'S MAN TARGET
Charfrescf Assault to Murder Against
Him and His Friend Curtln
Dismissed.
George W. Horton, an ex-convict, and
Edward Curtln, alias Hawthorne, ariest
ed Monday night on charges of assault
to murder and discharging firearms within
the city limits, appeared before' Judge
Cabanlss yesterday morning. The police
bad to admit that they had been unable
to find the friend of Horton's old pal, Mc-
Callum. at whom he fired the three shots
on Minna street, near Fourth, and ais
there was no complaint on file the Judge
dismissed the case on the charpe of a3
eauit to murder, but continued the chat ire
of discharging firearms till this morning.
As nothing could be proved against Cur
tin, alias Hawthorne, the Judge dismissed
both charges "against him. He was sub
penaed as a witness against Horton.
•VC=? RED ANDERSON. Charles Pc
rr 3 * terson and Albert : Winslow, en-
II gaged ln painting the bilges on
• the- steamer Senator, were se
verely burned yesterday by an unex
pected explosion. They were at work
ln the after hold of the ship, and to
aid them in their' labors they used a
lighted candle. \ Gas generated in the
hold and the men worked on without
knowing its proximity. "¦>
Winslow waß the first to suffer. ..He
advanced his candle ' into one of the
recesses of the hold and there was a
slight' explosion. The flames ignited
Winslow's shirt, and before he could
stop their, progress he 'was severely
burned on the left arm. This should
have been a warning to Anderson and
Peterson, but they continued their
work, unmindful of tljeir danger.
A few hours after the ' accident to
Winslow the explosion was repeated
through the same cause, . and both
men were terribly burned about the
head and face, and had to be removed
to the Harbor Receiving Hospital fOlf 01
treatment. Dr. Deaa worked on the
men for over an hour In an effort to
rellove their •. sufferings. After the
burns on ' their hands, face : and ; neck
had been • dressed and the injured
parts bandaged .the men were allowed
to depart for, their, home at 703^Davis
street. They will not be able "to re
:turn to their work for some weeks, as
their injuries are extremely painful.
WARNER'S REMEDIES.
THE EMPORIUM.
Within a few weeks the Canadians and
Australians fighting in South Africa for
the British flag will number 6000.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD US£ DAUUNA BITTERS. TBB
treat Mexican remedy; rlve» health ana
•treegta to Mxual erf ana. Depot. Z2X Marim.
Ladies' French kid shoes, worth $4, for
only Jl 25 a pair, at sale of shoes, 717 Mar-
ket —-"'¦* •-jf?TTßiiT' ; fyiTilfi!rfriri *
Auditor Will Meet Two Board.
Auditor Wells yesterday sent communi
cations to the members of the Board of
Public "Works, Board of Education and
School Superintendent ; Webster, ? inviting
them to confer with him in his office at 4
o'clock this afternoon. The purpose of the
conference Is to Jointly discuss the needs
of the different departments ; and < also uo
determine out of which fund 'the: janitors
and expenses for repairs shall be paid.'- '
WENT ON A SPREE AND
COMMITTED SUICIDE
Mrs. Victor Beuvelet Mixed Carbolic
Add With Wine and Seltzer and
Drank It. :
Mrs. Victor Beuvelet, a married woraon,
21- years old, residing at 515 Kearny street,
committed suicide yesterday morning: by
swallowing the contents of a vial of car
bolic acid. v She had been drinking heavily
for several'days, and had poured the cor
rosive poison into a glas3 containing claret
and seltzer water and swallowed the mix
ture. '-.'¦ ¦ -- ¦•
Victor Beuvelet, the husband of the de
ceased, told -the Coroner's deputies that
his wife had taken the poison by accident
but the woman's associates ridiculed tha
Idea and said that they, had no doubt that
it was a case of deliberate suicide. The
body was taken to the Morgue and an
autopsy held by Morgue Surgeon Dr.
Thomas B. W. Leland,'. who found that
carbolic acid poisoning had been the cause
of death. -,¦-.•¦¦ ,
¦¦->«& THE HEAVENLY TWINS
flpjl OF HEALTH AND LAUGHTER
sSR|9r i^V J •iVO^'B' JH Are inseparable. They cannot exist apart. It is health, glowing An 'the
jt^'M^M &'P cheeks, sparkling in the eyes and ringing in the voice, that bubbles over in
• JtrfPailE^ifaT 'jf*^i '-f&!srfk- iat rnus ' c °f tne £°d s — { he gladsome sound of happy laughter, to which
¦f" PnrwQ*^*** 'iarf:V^lw there is no equal under the canopy of heaven.
yyjßMJgilK. Laughter is impossible to those who suffer ; its health-inspired music
'iMT^9jSSJ^Sf*i^^^^^fflEqtfP>#Jv is an accompaniment of convalescence, an indication of returning health, of
a reinvigorated constitution. Men and women laugh because they are
/^^^jfei^*^r well; laughter is the proof of their being manly men and womanly
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, w/oift?^!^., Is a Laughter-Bringer
¦ •'-;. trademark. It" cures men and 'women of ailments : which' have made'lthem too mis-
'. ,¦ ¦:¦-."'-¦¦: '.'"•'•-;¦¦' ''-¦''¦''-.:¦¦'¦ ¦ -" -'¦'¦ -•¦••"¦¦ - erable. to laugh. It cures debility in men and women— makes; the weak
SIMI, Ventura Co., Cal.. March 2, 1900. stTOl }S- '^ : ..' t. - - , ? * '. , - ,'
dr. 't.a :, banden— Dear sir: . , The i\ It clires rheumatism, kidney troubles, epilepsy, vancocele, -* sexual
¦^l2r^; t ™J[rt*V'XsSs&' * weaknes S , r and builds;up, the constitution while the patient sleeps.
- from which 1 Buttered. 1 consider your Beit •¦; Send for fny 80-page boolc,"> Three Classes ot Men. free, or, it you are
> om^nrand^h^rVuiiy^^rnmenlu^i in>he cj ty ; callarid see , merexamine^thc ;Belt and satisfy of . its
any on* Bufferinr a« 1 was.-for your Belt' properties. \ .The genuine Sanden Electric; Belt, 1900 model, has the letter
does more than you i f«"«m_for.n -Ymtrs . - ''S",, perforated orr every) insulated cell and if never sold in drugstores.
• tn " y ' ' , -• THOMAS murpht.wl c onsu i ta ti O n and advice free.;
T\T> m 1 Ci k >^TTi in iLt Corned »9^ south spring st..
DR. T.- A. SANDEN. and Grant Ave - Ru.. L . o u»d.v
•*^ ¦*.*¦• -*" • •**:•;.; Nr.-*^^^ '_": .~ ¦*•" 9SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. Portia o d. Or.
NEW PASSENGER RATE
FOR VALLEY TRAFFIC
Southern Pacific Does Away With the
Old Twenty-Five-Cent Stock
ton Fare.
Yesterday the Southern Pacific Com
pany Issued a circular to Its agents con
taining orders that will do away with the
discriminating passenger tariff that has
heretofore existed between San Francisco
and points south of Stockton.
The old rates were based on a 25 cent
rate from Stockton to San Francisco
mad* necessary by the steamboat compe
tition. The present rate Is the regular
commission rate and will do away- with
complaints from the merchants on th« line
of road affected by the change. Th« cir
cular follows:
On the 22d lnst. limited first class rates—
with the exception ot those to and from
Stockton noted below— between San Fran-
Cisco, Stockton and all Intermediates on
main or branch line. 'on one hand, and all
points in California 'south, of. Tracy and
Lathrop, inclusive, on the other, and all
rates based thereon, will be withdrawn
Limited rates now in effect between
Stockton,' Tracy,' Bakersfleld, inclusive
and all intermediates on main or branch
lines, and all rates based thereon, will re
main In force. These rates will be speci
fied ln another circular to be issued im
mediately. . ¦ ,
Greek Clergyman Expounds What the
Orthodox Faith Has Done
for Russia.
NEW YORK
DENTAL
PARLORS.
NO PAIN! - - - - NO GAS I
NO COCAINE— NO ELECTRICITY!
But all work done abso-
lutely WITHOUT PAIN by
h patent method used by
no other dentists in San
Francisco.
E7I had my teeth «xtracted and jrold crown*
and brldgfwork rut hi at the NEW YORK
DENTAL PARLORS entirely without pain, and
can- cheerfully recommend them to any ona In
need of a dentist. MISS J. IRWIN.
626 Eddy at.. San Francisco.
A written Guarantee for Ten Tears Given
With All Work.
Nowhere on earth la the subject of dentistry «*
bo thoroughly understood and so much cara
experienced as by the directors of this mag-
nificently appointed dental office.
We will tell you ln advance exactly what
your work will ¦ cost by a free examination.
Give us a call and you will find we do exactly
as we advertise.
Specialists in Bridge Work.
22-K Gold Crowns. . .$5.00
Gold Fi11ing5......... 1.00
Sliver Fi11ing5....... .5O
Teeth without plates 5.00
723 Market St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE.
FOURTH AND MORRISON STREETS, PORT-
LAND. OR.
TROPIC BIRD IS
IN PORT WITH A
VALUABLE CARGO
Makes a Quick Trip Prom
Tahiti and Brings Lots
of Tidings.
The Tropic Bird sailed Into port yester
day laden with 20.000 kilos of copra, 24,220
cocoanuts, one case of mother of pearl
shells, sixty-one tins of vanilla, six
cases of beans and one ton of coral. It
took the vessel thirty-three days to come
from Tahiti. Nothing of Incident occurred
during the long trip, fair weather being
encountered all the way. ?
There Is every likelihood that the City cf
Papeete and the Tropic Bird will be with
drawn from the South Sea trade, as th«
French mails, which both vessels carried,
have been turned over to the ¦ Ui'io.T
Steamship Company of New Zealand, and
mails from here will be carried by the
Oceanic Steamship Company. News from
the islands in the far Pacific will now be
scarce and far between. When the Tropic
Blid left Tahiti the bark Coldbear was
ln port.
Joe Humbel Missing.
The parents and the police are searching
everywhere for Joe Humbel. a resident of
Los Angeles.. Humbel lately returned on
one of the transports, on which he was
employed as a deckhand. On his arrival
In port he announced that he would leave
immediately for his home ln Los Angles.
Many days ¦ have passed, and his parents
are very anxious to learn • his where
abouts. ¦¦•.¦/¦•¦ •
Had a Bad Fall.
George Dreamin while at work on the
transport Columbia yesterday fell Into the
hold and broke his arm and was also con
siderably bruised. His Injuries were at
tended to at the Harbor Hospital by Dr.
Thompson. Dreamln's escape from death
was miraculous. He fell a distance of
eighteen feet and struck on a quantity of
Iron stored ln the hold. ,
Rumor has It that the transport Mis
souri will not be used as a hospital ship
ln future, as too large a sum would,have
to be outlayed to place her In proper
shape, and' it is not considered that she is
worth the expenditure. It Is believed that
the steamer Badger, now at Mare Island,
will be substituted for the Missouri and
will be named Law ton, after the bra v»
general who lost his life In the- Philippines.
Two well-known ships have been pur
chased by leading shipping men of Ham
bury. They ar« the Royal Forth, a four
masted bark of 3130 tons, commanded by
Captain Cooper, and the Cambrian Queen,
a bark of 1217 tons.
PLEA FOR UNITY OF
CATHOLIC CHURCHES
SEVERELY BURNED BY
AN EXPLOSION OF GAS
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 21, 1900.
PLAGUE SCARE
BRINGS GOLD TO
HEALTH BOARD
— ¦ »
Result of a Conference of
Officials Held in the
Mayor's Rooms.
»
Large Force of Paid Inspectors Will
Be Turned Loose in Chinatown
to Keep Away Bad *
Germs.
The odor of bad fish and decomposed
pork stood but a ghost of a chance in
Chinatown yesterday. Nothing but the
pungent fumes arising from chloride of
lime, 'that had been sprinkled in copious
quantities over the thoroughfares of the
Mongolian quarter, giving them the ap
pearance of Washoe Valley after a snow
storm, greeted the olfactory sense. of the
heathen, who has been afraid to die dur
ing the past few weeks lest the health.
officials would feed his carcass to the ani
mals in Kinyoun'smenageries, and who has
spent his time dodging the alleged germs
of the insidious bubonic plague.
The cause of the alteration in the scent
which has characterized the , Mongolian
territory for so many years was the al
leged discovery of suspected cases of bu
bonic plague, incidental to a "touch" on
the city treasury for additional funds,
which was successfully accomplished at a
dark lantern conference of city officials
held yesterday.
The doctors who have been Inspecting
Chinatown for somo time past are un
earthing corpses, whose mortal-ooils have
been ahuXtleU off for some time since.
They have been stowea away for burial
at a period when the autopsy surgeon's
knife is not so likely to penetrate their
yellow hides. The Chinese fear post mor
tem examinations, and they conceal the
bodies of their friends rather than apply
for a burial certificate. When the bodies
are found they are badly decomposed and
highly discolored, auch bodies are now
being autopsied by the health officials and
termed "suspicious cases'." Two cases
were reported Monday, and immediately
there was a little stir and the wires were
laid to "work" the city for an additional
appropriation, \esterday the work went
merrily on. Disiniectants were strewn on
the streets and more rubbish hauled to
smolder and annoy citizens on Pacific and
Dupont streets, and yesterday the appro
priatipn was agreed to.
The most "suspicious" case discovered
was that of Lew Sung Wong, who died on
Onedla place a couple of days ago. Of
ficers were immediately sent to place the
house under . quarantine restrictions and
an autopsy was performed. The Board
of Health fa!led to make the essential in
quiry in this case, which If they had
taken. the pains to do, might have set
their minds at ease and Drought less
alarm. The case under question was at
tended by two reputable city physicians
six days before death and both the-doc
tors are willing to give the cause of de
mise as natural causes. They are Drs.
Fitch and Atterberg of the Oriental Hos
pital, who, according to the Chinese Con
sul and managers of the hospital, say the
man had been sick for weeks.
As a result of a secret conference held
yesterday morning in the Mayor's office
one hundred men, acting as sanitary in
spectors, will be turned loose in China
town to make a thorough and rigid house
to-house investigation with a view to lo
cating any cases of suspected bubonic
plague that may exist there. There were
present at the conference Mayor Pholan.
Auditor Wells. Supervisors Jennings and
Hotaling of the Finance Committee, Dr.
Williamson, chairman of the Board of
Health; Health Officer O'Brien and Chief
of Police Sullivan.
Dr. Williamson made an urgent appeal
for more funds to conduct the sanitary
inspection of Chinatown- and stated that
his course had been impelled owing to
the fact that there was another suspicious
case of plague and further said:
I would suggest the employment of one hun
dred men to inspx-ct Chinatown. To this might
be added fifty j»?llce otfioers, whom Chief Sul
livan could be requested to press into service.
I think that $7500 - would be sufficient for the
purpose. It would be advisable to erect a de
tention hospital within the limits of Chinatown,
where all suspected cases could be Isolated, and
the undertaking parlors should be all centered
In one locality.
Auditor Wells was of the opinion that
the money could be appropriated as a
matter of expediency and the Finance
Committee appearing to be convinced of
the reasonableness of the demand virtual
ly decided to recommend that an addi
tional sum be allowed the Health Board
to prosecute the work in Chinatown. This
will Include a wholesale disinfection of
the district, besides the ferreting out of all
suspicious deaths.
As an additional 'precaution two men
wllr be detailed by i the Board of Public
Works and one from the Health Depart
ment to erect screens ln the Chinatown
sewers, which sewers will be flushed and
all dead rats gathered up and burned, as
the rodents are carriers of the germs.
The Board of Public Works will be asked
to co-operate with the Health Board in
securing the men to act as sanitary in
spectors and a meeting, for that parpose
will probably be held to-lay.
if The Emporium Economist— Our 112- f UE g MPtflMB I^JI Hazzard—Thi amusing Ventriloquist and
J. page Spring and Summer Catalogue out this week. ¦II %*1* ¦ y% g BJ ¦¦ Musician— entertains daily in Exhibition Hall, sec-
jg Out-of-town folks should send name and address mW^lm^^^-SSl^w^s^ms^p^^ ond floor. Bring the children. 10 to 12 a.m.; 2
g at once to secure one. caufor^^^^wcaVoSSdectVorS to sp. in. Admission free.
Jf B&lfS* Suit Ladies' . Neckwear, and Glove Departments moved to larger *" : -»
g * #< *%y*^ %**MMm quarters in Rotunda. Jewelry, Silverware, Toilet Articles and BuftGl*
g SSISG TO~DSB\fm Notl 'on Departments i all enlarged, because of rapjdly increasing " , *m mm.
S business. < S&iG IO—DSBV
5 Boys'^ Blouse Sailor ~ — ; ¦ '—•-•**. -«^ mmwmm^
\ \&*¥i SuitB in the new /£ 2000 squares, the reg-
* ('?-"'}?»> st >'le — blouse cut Mm i • l • /-> CT
* *S^^ long and full— AMJ Slze ' c^ olce Cream-
¥ l\~£'-\ \ ta che braid; sizes I it IB ' B Sale, per SQUare f%fsg%
JC PJ^MUM^ made °and ag per7ect /'/~^ Jl V* ' /B^ y/^ f main floor-hear.
5 Ur\ ¦/ 13.45— we have a mfl J/ I/M } 'Mr s : '-A''' Wednesday ©
$ 7iUf TSS£XS£:M. -***4' t^jS / ; Special Sale M
I &» V at the" unmatchable W^*/ § I g U§ 1 We -offer for to-day only .jH^Jk^l
k lot price M - ff b \^^>^ imr* J m ~?l™K^^ °f i-rk&b
* ; each §2a*+s an -^ Bj' *—m<-*y mMi ** good Bourbon \V lmky at \%A-4^
Sk 3 MAIN FLOOR— NEAR ENTRANCE. Bj *Stl flSvB ' • •» t ' 16 B P eC ' a^ P r ' ce »
*? Special Two "Day Sale m Ml m \AiW B ••— 63 °
* Garnets -Furniture - g £, / \*^ £ TOSTrMOR " Rm
| R °t£^T^^:™^ I JS ¦ Wednesday Special Sale
g J3.50-WedneBday and Thursday M f^^ '/ 3 KOttak AlbUftiS.
S Ei&meißd'Bod-Kew malleable M L*^ / B Have you seen the KodaGema.^ the bean-
\ iron, bri!» trimmings, regularly 16.50- '. M * / B tiful little Souvenir Albnna in which to
X Wednesday and Thursday $4,50 J© / g 1&&il¥S put your Kodak prints to mail to your
fc Ladies' Desks— So id golden oak, W " / B friends? These albums contain sa steel-
tf high'y polished, re-ularly $8.50- Wed- ~ T / B** m m gray leaves and are m envelopes ready
5 neldayani Thursday...... *6.25 ' / I fflg%2*lc^ for ma^ng; for this day only we a hall
\ Couohes-FM clipper spring, uphol- " / fU'**€an9 sell them, special each 8O8 O
X stered in handsome velours, regularly I M SECOND FLOOR.
X $12.00- Wednesday and Thursday / m KmMB m BM m "
\ m^-:m,^^--iS^-^, . T " iS / /millinery Wednesday Special Sale
* three sizes -on special sale Wednes- \§U[ &%*%§!* I M Pretty L&CGSm
IliSSSiliii ¦W ' / /Dressmaking >^^tssL
I g^g^g , {/Children's Wear. SSSSHSS
*" #/i M/lMn""Tfl«o«#«;ae" ul ? — :—: — — '¦ — : ' : Lierre, in widths varying from 4to 7
6 cs ">so Wednesday Special Sate Wednesday Special Sale, inches, butter, cream, ecm and two-
| H - d r r W§s^i& House Furnishings. LatttßsHose IS° %^&™-S%S&
% EigantlueAxminsier Carpet Single-. «-f»«##C?O rWC#9C? IO main aisle.
i -y ard --—•—-• si'OD :|S¥S3mSTiu«=, oas For this da y onl y- n\^a .: : - — :—: —
% Wednesday Special Sale Yp^M^r^ 3 f tssv V '// B S rted //MH&- i
f Tray Cioths 13c, 17 JSSS %Tul S /Pfmß^ Covert Cioths.
i A Tr- atC^trS-r 'iS with an attachment to heat SfeS? "ose, hi g h spliced jggU W " «v M^ ZSV^
* very pretty drawn work, stamped in regularly 50c each, special to-day only heel, double sole, i^TUM -T mixed outwg fabric, m the fashionable
% floral and conventional designs, cloths •••¦?" " -^Oo an unusually good m. «! on^ _°' t hl f MJ 30 * . io \£* *f «
»? that would be an excellent value at 20c Wash BoUer-2\ inches long, to fit a 25c stocking-per WM ®k\i^ Sn J t3 " i "^ .ISv. 1S v? ffe , re ? f ° r I 3 daj
£ each, are offered at special sale for No. 7or No: 8 stove, made of heavy tin, ¦. B #J^, N W^.^ only at the astonishingly low price, per
b this day only ..130 • with copper bottom, regularly $1.25 each, pair "" fC *° . * =ir: --- >J yard IUO
H first floor. -^ ; special for this day only. :......930 second section— left. k*,;V. main aisle.
Sr|3ERCE'S
\*&' FAVORITE
pSCRIPTION
JL FOR WEAK WOMEN.
Oleet. Sp«rmitorrh«v
l to & 4«r*-^| white*, unnfttnra.l dls*
Pffbf aunitMl ¦ charge*, or mar tsaa-nma-
nn toi v itriiun. tion, (Irritation or uic«r»>
P eoaagloo. tion of laacoaj met*.
fJIImEYAJiaCHEII'riina br»ne«. NoMatrtngeoW
WflAciNumijm.o.lHS ¦•»•• »r ormn*nm,
v. ". a jSak or tent ln c^n wr»p:*«i
'^TtH X 7X 7 "Preas. propaid, (a*
>gg^OEWEY,STRONG &Co.^g?H
tSu^33" MARKET' SL SI; J^SwS^
lA/. T. HESS,
KOTASY I-OJuIC AND ATTu&»£Y-Ar-LAW.
Tenth Floor.' Room 1015. Claus SprackcU Bide.
- Telephone Brown 331.
"Residence. 821 California .»t.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
f% IPP f> ntf I I Corner . Fourth and
cafe eoyAtei::^
VETERANS .
~^^j|C|p^ Of the Grani Army
of the Rcpu b H c f
.^gflP^^ whose lot was fire f
an d blood, and prison
|||i|p I 1 j p2n for fcur terrible
Se||j| ! I 1 years, almost to a
iSR; I j i man, contracted dis-
rjjl jj;j Ml ease °* some form.
j I I \ • j I When younger they
/**U 1 ' I J*^ withstood it bravely,
I -S^LJsJ^ffP k ut now that age is
creeping on, and the
vital forces more
/^M^k^Wk\ feeble, the need of a
/•^^Pi-feiwmo rcli *bb vegetable
tonic to assist nature
\*r**p*Z/ . is keenly felt. To all ;
// such ws can with
\aS confidence r e c o m-
mend Warner's Safe
"" —--—*-———— Cure-r-a remedy with
a reputation of twenty-one years of remarkable
success in all parts of the civilized world. Hun-
dreds of veterans bless the day this great remedy,
was brought to their notice, not the least among,
whom being Comrade Frendenstein, who, under
date of Tacoma, Wash.Jan. 25, J9OO, gratefully
writes as follows:
I am pleased to say that I have the greatest con"
idence in Warner's Safe Cure, as I suffered for years
with kidney troubles contracted in the army which
nothing seemed to help until I tried Safe Cure. A few
bottles did more for me than all the doctors and mcdi'
cines previously tried. I now feel strong and well, and
though at an advanced age can enjoy life, thanks to
this medicine. Gratefully ycurs,
ADAM FRENDENSTEIN,,-:^
Senior ViccCcmmander, Grand Army of the Fepub'
lie j Officer of the Day, Custer Post,
5ADVERTISEMENTS.
, Pacific Coast jobbers are. to i have a hearing in | de
fense before the Interstate Commerce Commission Mn
the great St. Louis case. That is probably the chief
reason why William F. Herrin intends to r attehd the
session. .: . - ' ' *
It is said that an American army can be landed in
China in thirteen days. The faithful observer of af
fairs,who has noted the .- fact has failed to guess .how
long it would take to get the same' army out of-ChJna
again." . j
y One of the murderers implicated in the ': assassina
tion of. Goebel ' has confessed. , it. is said. 7 This ought
to-be one of the cases where confession it; good for
the soul, in its speedy liberation to another clime.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wide-vestibuled Pullman tourist
rleeplng cars via Santa Fe route. Erpexicnced
excursion conductors accompany * these excur-
sions to look -after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and ' Kansaa City every Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston, Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. - To St. Louts
every Sunday. To Ft. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. C2S Market street.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE BENCH SHOW— A. 8., City. The
next bench show in San Francisco will
open May 1.,1900. .
THE VICTORIA— H. L. 8., Paskenta.
Cal. The 'transport i Victoria is on her
way back to San Francisco from Manila.
She left that port on March 14.
WHISKY— J. H.. Woodland. Cal. It Is
asserted that' Louisville. Ky., produces
more whisky annually than any other city
In the United States. .
SCHOOL LANDS— H. B. P.. Walker,
Sisklyou Co., Cal. ; For information about
the unsold school lands Jn- ; Humboldt
County, communicate with the Surveyor
General at Sacramento." . . *
NOT ENGLISH— A. H.. City. A boy
born In Ireland, when he grows to man's
estate is an Irishman. A man is always a
native of the country in which he was
born, no matter. what his citizenship may
be. ¦ - -
PLAT OF* GOVERNMENT LANI>-N.
B. P., .Walker, Sisklyou Co., Cal. . You ran
VIOLET CLOTH COSTUME.
The costume represented is of vio
let cloth. It has three broad plaits down
the front and the same number behind,
expanding below the knees. The waist 13
indicated by four bands of velvet passing
under the plaits. The dress Is fastened
with tabs and buckles. • '
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
obtain a plat of unoccupied Government
land from the United States Land Ofnca
at Humboldt on payment of a fee of $L
SAN FRANCISCO TO PARIS-^Alsaclen,
City. The distance from San Francisco
to New York by the shortest postal route
is 8250 miles, and from N«w York to Paris,
France, 4020 miles.
OCEAN RACE— M. V.. City. There was
no race recently between two vessels
from New York to San Francisco for
$1000 a side. There was an announcement
that there was to be a race, but neither
vessel had any money up and neither cap
tain left port with the -Idea of racing.
AN ABSENT PARTNER— M. N., City.
If a partner In a business absents himself
from the State and leaves his interest in
the hands of /another and has him act In
his place during his absence, that" ¦would
not- prevent .the landlord of .the premises
In wnlch the, business is carried on from
raising the rent or giving the occupants
notice to vacate if there is no lease or
verbal agreement. If the party who -was
left In charge had unlimited power of at
torney he could dispose of the Interest he
represents. The fact that the individual
has a chattel mortgage on the absentee's
interest in the store will not authorize
him to sell that interest unless the time
has come to foreclose.
"THE COST OF ADMIRALTY."
AS the days lengthen the death list from Manila
grows ionger. More Americans are sick and
dying there now than six months ago. The
transports come back laden with the dead. Instead
of argosies freighted with commerce, that tie to the
dock and hail the bustling stevedores, the hearse
ships make fast and the hundreds of coffined dead are
lined from the hold and hauled in a long procession
to the Presidio, whence they are sent afar by trains
steamers to their own for sepulture.
It is for them the end. Is it for the country the
beginning? I* the rainbow of oriental trade, arrayed
i:i ail its primary colors, worth all the misery that lies
siient in the thousands of coffins that have traversed
fourteen thousand miles of sea to bring home the
dead? Is that dream of greed worth the vacant-eyed
btare of the maniacs that come back with the dead?
A thousand pairs of handcuffs have gone to Ma
liila to manacle the lunatics whose brains have been
broiled of their wits by a vertical sun. The hearse
ships give up their dead and take on their return
cargo of coffins and handcuffs, for, every day the
tally of the dead and mad grows longer. The official
list for March 19 fills nearly a half column, in fine
type. Eighteen killed and wounded, and thrice
eighteen dead of typhoid, dysentery, beri-beri, small
j.-ox, malarial fevers and other burning pests of the
tropics, and the pitiless sun and poison rains moving
upon the camps with daily growing ardor.
We are asked to see compensation for it all and
forget the incoming cargoes of coffins filled and the
back freight of coffins empty in the victories which
attend our arms in far Luzon, where women fall de
fending their huts with pitiful wooden swords, -and
the country «s la;d black and waste and blear as the
crop of coffins it s*er.ds to us. Every battle is a vic
tory for us. and we slay fifty to one, but all the blood
we have spilled puts not one pulse back in the stark
wrists thr.t are quiet in their coffins. Will some one
post and print the gain set over against all this loss?
We have paid every assessment in death. When will
the dividend come? To put it on the sordid ground
of gain, wh'i are the profits expected?
WEDNESDAY MARCH 21, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS Proprietor.
£
;ddress All Communications to W. S. LEAKE.. Manager.
PCBLJCATIOX ornCi;..Markrt and Third. 8. F.
Telephone. Main ISUN.
EDITOIHAL, HOOMS. . . .yiT to 221 StcTeanon St.
Telephone Main JS74.
Delivered l»r r«rrlrr«, IS Centw Per Week,
Mntli' Copte*. ?". Ont*. .
Term* I>> Mnll. InrlndlDK I'oatsßci
PAILT «"AI>L (including Sunday), one year Sft-fxi
r>AILT CALL, llnrluiilng Sunday). 6 months. ...• 3.00
L>AIUY CALL. (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
I>.MLT CALL— Uy Slnc'.e Month «I>c
EfNDAY CALL One T>ar 1.60
w::i-KI.Y CALL One Year LOO
All poetniafttera nre anthorlzed to receive
¦ abscrlptlona.
Sample corl l * will be forwarded when requested.
O\KLA\L> OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
NEW YORK OORIIESPONDEXT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NETW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY L'JKENS JR 29 Tr.bun« Building
--.:V L .;
.CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
fT.enran Houk; P. O. Ne-ws Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
r>»mt«tf EfoOMt; Auditorium Hotel.
Germany seems to be jealous of England as a
"civilizer" in the Orient. The Kaiser, inspired by his
position as a Christian monarch, has landed an army
and some powerful guns in a Chinese province and
intends to clear the way for the messengers of the
good book.
Another domain sacred to the manipulations of
State • "grafters" has been invaded. President
Wheeler of the University of California says out State
series of schoolbooks is a gigantic fraud.
The Chicago capitalist who has reached the con
clusion that workingmen have no right to 'many is
either ashamed of himself or doesn't speculate except
in human 1/
DEVELOPS MIND AND CHARACTER
Dorcas J. Spencer's Opinion of The Call's
• "Home Study Circle."
Editor The Call— Dear Sir: I take pleasure
inmost cordially ihdors- ;
ing your educational
work in the ' 'Home Study 1 ! j^^^^^^^^
you have so successfully y^^' 1 *
With the increasing I yJeBLo^N 5§P?? \
facilities of public I $ssKs^ Jwlpfe; i
s ohool s and un i ver s i t i e s , /^mn^^i^ A^^'^ \
the need of special (Ss^!\\jft\ v^
courses at home becomes J^V
more than ever empha- \yf|^ffeJß»^^3{l /
The course that makes X^wSSUj^iiifc^^ II
its center at home has a s SJV/
stronger claim than any
other on the home lover ; >^ *^\
as it develops mind and \ . DORCAS j. spexceh.
character in^its b as t ; en vironment^and elevates
the; whole; home to the intellectual standard
of the study. . DORCAS J. SPENCER/
¦¦'. Secretary W. C. T. U .
It la said that an eel can live without
water for eighteen days. Some people may
doubt this. but. the true Kentucklan falls
to sp« anything remarkable In tho state-
ment.
Keep looklnz young and save your hair, its
color and beauty with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hindercorns. the best cure for corns. IS eta.
THE SCAVENGER CART NUISANCE.
* FFORTS on the part of the police to abate the
scavenger cart nuisance resulted in the arrest of
* * one can-driver; that is to say, they were futile
md fruitless. There was more than one cart that
tiled to fulfill the requirements of the law, and
cither the police neglected to obey orders, or the
jrders were very indefinite and lax.
The municipal ordinance on the subject say*: "It
shz'ii be unlawful for any person, or persons, firm or
corporation, to use a cart or vehicle for the collection
and removal of general refuse, taken indiscriminately
;.s house refuse and composed of garbage, ashes and
dirt fro:n householders, stores and other places, and
transport the same along and upon the public streets
nnless the same shall be perfectly tight and with a
heavy cover, to Be approved by the Board of- Health,
tightly fastened on said cart or vehicle at all times
when the owner or driver of said cart or other vehicle
i«. not collecting or depositing the general refuse, as
aforesaid, in said cart or vehicle."
Any person who chooses to give attention to the
retuse carts as they pass along the streets will per
ceive they have hardly even a preten«c of a cover.
The so-called covering is in most cases no more than
cloth, and is neither heavy nor tightly fastened to the
cp.n as the law requires. If the Board of Health have
criven its approval to such covers as these, it has
Ver-n seriously neglectful of its duty. If it have not
jriven approval, then it is still subject to a just charge
of negligence in not setting the police long ago to
the task of arresting the offenders against the ordir
nunce.
The passape through the principal streets of carts
filled with refuse and not securely covered -\% a
frreater menace to the health of the people than any
to-crJlcd "bubonic plague" the Board of Health may
conjure up out of the loathsome diseases of the in
hnbitants of Chinatown. From the uncovered carts
pestilential germs are liable at any time to be blown
about in the atmosphere of the streets thronped with
people. Moreover, even where there are no disease
jrerins. the dust and the odors of the carts constitut*
a nt:is;nre which should be suppressed. It is the
duty of the police to renew its efforts in that direc
tion, and to make them more vigorous than they
were yesterday.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. J. L. Miller of Chicago is" at the Pal
ace.
' J. A. Mackenzie, a Stockton attorney, la
staying at the Lick.
. M. E. Sanford, a mining man of Sonora,
Is a guest at! the Lick. "
/ R. D. Jackson Is registered at the Pal
ace from Washington, D. C. .
; G. W. Tatterson, a wealthy land owner
of Stockton, Is at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. R. S. Hall of IndianapolU
are staying at the Occidental.
I,'A.iE.* G. Osborne, a traveler from Lon
don, Is a guest at the' Palace. |
C. H. Rameay. a prominent resident of
"Mrs: Winslow'a Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty yean by. minions o£
rnothrs for their children while Teethins; with
perfect success.; It sooth** the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu-
latea . the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sal* by druggists in every
part of the world. 1 Be sura and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottla.
A municipal regulation In Magdeburg.
Germany, makes the distribution of a cir-
cular Impossible, unless It meets with the
approbation of the police.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK,' March 20.— W. Balllnger
and Henry Norris of San Francisco are at
the Empire; TV G. Dawson Sr. of Los An
geles Is at the Netherlands. W.'.C. Ralston,
&f San Francisco ';< is at the "Waldorf-
Astoria. • . .
Cal. glace fruit 50c per R> atTownsend's.*
Special Information supplied daily f>
business bouses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. "
Honolulu. Is at the Occidental. He is ac
companied by his wife.
Dr. A. E. Hall, a leading physician of
San Jose, is a guest at the Lick.
S. P. Poland,' a well-known business
man of San Jose, is at the Grand. . -;~U. . v
Dr. and Mrs. W. C. Hussy of Seattle are
among the recent arrivals at the Palace.
State Senator Robert N. Bulla Is among
the arrivals of last night at the Palace.
A. Brown, a member of the State Board
of Equalization, is registered at the Lick.
Lewis T. Wright, a wealthy mining man
of Shasta. County, is a guest at the Pal
ace.
General F. A. Starring of New York la
at the Palace, where he arrived last even-
Ing accompanied by his wife. __ fr
Dr. and Mrs. "W. E. Graham. of San
Mateo arrived In the city yesterday and
have taken rooms at the Occidental.
Earl Rogers and Donald McDonald,
prominent politicians of Los Angeles, are
registered for a few days at the Califor
nia.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Richards of Bos
ton are staying at the Palace while mak
ing a visit of pleasure to \hls city. They
are accompanied by their family.
Wilfred B. Chapman, Honorary Consul
for Belgium, will take charge, and "con
duct the business of the consulate during
the absence of Consul Gulslaln In Europe.
Look out, boys ; she's about to have another.
AUCTION SALES.
By nartcn. EMridge & Co.— Tuesday. March 27. at U
*"ttuc*. Real Instate, at CSS Market street.
AMUSEMENTS.
Onhfum-VaucJevme.
Grind Oi~ra-h'>us<- — "The Grand Duchess."
California — ••ltidd'nhrad V.'llscn."
Oallfumla— PaJf-rewsk!. Monday. March 26.
On!uniMa-"H"-a'JFe She I»ved Him S*^"
. Tlvrfl— rTbs Idols Eye."
A! ham bra — "Three Musketeers."
Alca zar— "Dli-loir.acy."
Fi«oh«T"i New Cor.<^rt House — "II Trovatore."
C!iut«.-fe. iioci and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
ev«rr.:rg.
Olympia. corr«-r «f Ma«^>n nrd Eddy streets — Specialties.
Bhrrman - Clsy Hall— Afrvd A. Farland. BanJoUt. Friday
wenfac. March iS. -. * -v ¦ '
T. M. C. A. Auditorium— lecture to-morrow night.
Western Turf < ssnrtlTlnn" ITirn to-day.
GAGE AND THE PRESS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJLi;, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 21^ 1900.
¦ ... — . , .; •
NO ONE finds fault with Governor Gage's choice of a time and place to say what he
has to say in defense of his position and practices in California politics. That he
chose the banquet of the Young Men's Republican League at Los Angeles, and
his position as a guest thereat, is a matter of taste for which he alone is responsible.
His explanation of his own acts came in the form of an attack upon the news
papers which exposed those acts. The Governor forgot that he was paying court to
young Republicanism, and that it was no explanation of his personal defects- to loudly
damn the mirror which revealed them. If that were a remedy for physical and moral
blemish, all could become handsome and upright by the simple process of breaking all
the looking-glasses, and repealing all laws that deal with vice and frailty. ;
The Governor assumes that he was attacked and criticized for calling the extra ses^
sion. and thereupon lays about him with all the stallfed parts of speech at the Republican
newspapers, especially the morning papers of San Francisco and Los Angeles: But his
premise is wrong. No paper, that we are aware of, abused him for calling the extra ses
sion. The Call, especially, favored the extra session' and applauided warmly the conclu
sion of its labors in the election of Senator Bard. What has' put the.Governor under the
ban which chafes him is that he alone made the regular session a failure. He alone
brought the party info contempt and near to death by preventing at that* session the
election of a proper man to the Senate/ From the first he dragged his office into the
fight for Burns. There was not an hour from the first ballot to the last that an election
could not have been had if the Governor had confined himself to his legitimate executive
duties and let the Senatorial fight alone. The most unhappy incident of his intrusion
made that session a failure. He put theßunis fight into everything that occurred in the
session. It was common talk that his veto and his signature to acts passed were con
trolled by the attitude of the authors of bills toward the interest of Burns. He per
mitted an abject devotion to the cause of an unfit and unworthy candidate to influence his
whole official conduct, from his appointments to his action on bills. . Yet after more
than sixty days' effort by all his influence to elect Burns, hej failed. , -
» Had this been all it need not have been a matter of great concern. But it was
not all. He had caused a disappointment in one of the great matters for which the Re
publican party had commissioned a Legislature. He had brought in sight a political re
verse in this State. He had alienated an independent, vote by disappointing it. He and
he alone had started that portentous reaction which routed the Republican party in this
city last November. No newspapers had done this. The evil was the result of the candi
dacy of Burns, which lived and moved and had its evil being in the favor of the Gov
ernor and not elsewhere. The press did not do this. The press deprecated it. The press
exposed even- day the filthy politics by which Burns sought to win, and denied party re
sponsibility for it. The press insisted that Burns could not dominate California Repub
licanism and ride it to the devil. The Governor insisted that Burns should mount ' and
ride, no matter what lay at the other end of the road. Had the Governor had his way he
could not have been congratulating the Young Men's Republican League of Los An
geles upon "the election of that stalwart Republican and able gentleman, Thomas R:
Bard, as United States Senator"; for the young men of the league would not have been
banqueting. Burns would have been Senator, and the young men would have been feel
ing about their party as a house does when one of its lady members elopes with a race
track gambler.
Republicans saw a possible retrieval by an extra session and demanded it. The
Call spoke early for it. An attempt was made to turn it to Burns' account, and that effort
failed through the watchfulness of the Republican press. The Governor remained to the
last steadfast for Burns, and would have perverted the extra session if he could. The Re T
publican press prevented it. He made the extra session necessary. The party press
All that is the plain truth of the matter, about which the Governor talked at the
banquet. He went into a fight on the wrong side, and got the worst hiding that has
ever fallen upon the back of a Governor. It ill becomes the dignity of his office to pro
long the exhibition of his stripes and use offensive language in describing the men who
used the "cat" on him. We beg to assure him that they will stand ready to do it again
and again as long as he attempts to do gutter puppolitics in the name of the Republi
can party. He is the party servant, not its master. If he wants to sit in the kitchen
with Dan Burns or keep company with touts, as a personal preference, all right. But he
can't bring them into the parlor, to offend his employer, the Republican party.
NATIONAL INCONSISTENCY.
SIR RICHARD HENN COLLINS, who was
one of the arbitrators in the international
tribunal before which the Venezuelan boundary
dispute was heard, has recently called attention to the
change which the development of events has brought
about in public sentiment among the people of the
United States and of Great Britain.
In order to establish the claims of Venezuela ex-
President Harrison and his associates warmly com
mended the manner in which the Spanish had founded
and built up their colonies. It was argued that the
beneficent character of Spanish colonization was such
that it was to be assumed the claims of the Vene
zuelans were just. The Spaniards, it was said, are 1
considerate people and would never have committed
an aggression or an unfair encroachment upon the
territory of their neighbors, the Dutch colony of
Guiana. On the other hand the British, who, as suc
cessors to the Dutch, were urging their claims against
Venezuela, maintained that the Dutch were the best
and noblest of colonizers, and that it was not pos-'
sible they could have claimed for themselves territory
which justly belonged to their Spanish neighbors. -
That was the way the argument was conducted over
the Venezuelan boundary, but now see what has hap
pened. The Americans, after asserting the bene
ficence of Spanish colonization, have swept it off the
map of the East and West Indies, and the British,
after vehemently asserting the excellence of Dutch
colonies, are now trying to eliminate them from South
Africa. ' .
This change in sentiment may be attributed to the
irony of fate or the whirligig of time, according, as
one views it seriously or humorously. With nation*
as with individuals, circumstances alter cases. We had
a great respect for Spanish colonization so long as it
was Great Britain that was attacking it, but when it
came our turn to take up the white man's burden the
case at once assumed a different aspect. So the Brit
ish were quite sure that all the Dutch colonists did
was quite right so long as the Dutch claims were di
rected against the Spanish, but when they stood in
the way of British expansion, then everything became
different.
The only strange feature of the affair is that the
change should have occurred so promptly and should
have happened to both the Americans and the British
at about the same time. There may be something of
fun in such a "shifting of ground on the part of two
grave and dignified nations, but it is safe to say that
neither the Spanish nor the Dutch perceive the humor
of it. " .
THE GERMAN MEAT BILL.
ONCE more the famous "meat bill" ; supported
by the Agrarians of- Germany has been
"shelved," and this time the shelving occurs
under circumstances that cause no little surprise.
That the measure would meet with strong opposition
in the Reichstag was foreknown, but when it passed
that body the almost universal belief was it had vir
tually become a law, since the Bundesrath is so much
under the control of the landed aristocracy that any
bill designed in their interests hardiy meets with even
a show of opposition there. • ';"\
Reports from Berlin are to the effect that the shelv
ing of the bill is due to the personal, influence of the
Kaiser, who wishes to hold it back until the Reichstag
has voted on the naval programme. If the Agrarians
vote against the naval bill the Kaiser, it is said, will
see to it that the meat'bill is defeated. Thus we are
presented with a view of the august William posing
in the attitude of a political boss using one important
bill as a club with which to force members of a legis
lative body to vote for another. - ,'
, With the fate of the 4 meat bill we are almost as
much concerned as Germany. The object of it is to
shut: foreign meat out of the German market and
that will mean a heavy lossof-trade fo our meat-pro
ducing States. In view of the impending action in
Germany there is already a discussion in the Eastern
States as to what course we should pursue with re
spect to it. The trend of the discussion is in favor
of retaliation of one kind or another. It is said the
German bill will deprive our pork and beef packers
of a trade which amounts to $20,000,000 annually, and
we should by tariff measures shut an equal -amount of
German trade out of the United States..
The Germans now export j large quantities of wine
and beet sugar to the United States, and these are the;
products of the Agrarian landlords who are demand
ing the exclusion of American meats! lard and oleo
margarine from Germany. It would be, therefore,
something like poetic justice, as well as a good eco
nomic retaliation, for vs -to put a prohibitive duty on
such'imports from Germany. Perhaps theconscious
ness that some such action will be taken is one of the
reasons why the meat bill has been /shelved > in the
house of its friends. The landlords of the fiundes
rath are more renowned for ancient lineage and mili
tary swagger than for statesmanship, but they prob
ably know on which side of their bread the "butter is,
and that tariff-making is a game at 'which the United
States can play better and safer than any other nation
on earth. ' ¦ ¦
SUBJECT TO FITS.
i: pood and |
Tonic
t Let us tellyou in a few j
S words just what Scott's I
S Emulsion of Cod-liver Oil #
J with Hypophosphitcs will do f
S for-you. The cod-liver oil I
0 is a most valuable food, •
t nourishing and building up J |
$ the whole body. ; ],
S The flesh become* mort flrm, i i
1 > the hollow places disappear, and 1 '
< • the old healthy look comes back to < '
1 » the face. !
( ' The hypophosphites are the best :( -
1 [and strongest of nerve tonics iso ,
| you see that in Scott's Emulsion you ( ,
| > have both a food and a tonic If you ?
i i are weak and thin, or if any of the < i
I > children are pale and delicate, try ?• { I
:: scon's Emulsion!
J We fed very sure you will be greatly ( |
P. pleased with it J '
W At all draff rists; soc. snd It oaw - T
i SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists. New York. 0
6
DORCAS J. SPENCER."STUDENTS' LECTURE COURSE."
FIRST LECTURE. March 22. S p. m.. Y. M.
C. A. Auditorium. PROFESSOR THOMAS
RCTHERFQRD BACON. 'Th« Boer and tb«
Briton." Admission to cents. Tickets at
lc£er A Ehej**"* 1 *
Anyvo Theatrical Cold Cream prevents
early wrinkles. Sold by_ all druggists. ¦ •
chief tribes sent colonies to all parts of
the Mediterranean and the adjacent
coasts and soon all the mainland on both
sides of the Aegean, as well as the islands,
had Joined in the general chorus of song.
. The three chief tribes all bore their part
In this lyric development, which lasted
some 250 years. But Athens, which was
to be the center of the golden age of
Greek literature, had, so far, taken a
relatively unimportant part in it. E^en
Sparta had shown during the seventh cen
tury a remarkable tendency to foster let
ters. This enlightened policy, so at vari
ance with her usual attitude, waa prob
ably encouraged by Delphi, and though
; not herself productive in literary lines
. Sparta became a great center of talent
from other Greek States. Tyrtaeus, Ter
pander. Thaletas. Alcman. Polymnestus
and others form a remarkable group of
poets and musicians, who must eventual
ly have revolutionized Sparta's attltu'de
toward letters if such enlightened patron
age had continued. But Sparta's attitude
changed completely, doubtless because the
authorities wished definitely to stamp out
a spirit so at variance with the funda
mental tenets of Spartan, discipline, which
taught that the citizen belonged to the
state, that obedience was his first duty,
to become a soldier the object and end of
his existence.
Sparta's renunciation of possible leader
ship in letters left the way clear for Ath
ens, which had been the slowest of all th»
great Greek states to come forward and
play her role in literature. No rreat *ptc
poet had been an Athenian, and In «U1 th
lyrlc period only Solon had attained first
rank, and even he was far greater donbt-
Icpb as statesman and patron of letters
than as poet. But now her time bad
come. The expulsion of the tyrants In the
latter part of the sixth century, and more
especially the brilliant leadership of Ath
ens in repelling the Persian Invasions
early In the fifth century, turned all eyes
upon her. Tradition makes Identical the
birth year of Themistocles, the founder of
Athenian naval greatness, and of Aeschy
lus, the father of the Athenian drama.
Under the one Athens was to become tem
porary mistress of the seas; following the
lines marked out by the other she was to
win the hegemony, perhaps for all time.
In letters and art. "With the return of
peace and with enormously Increased
wealth and power and influence, Ath»n"*
set to work under wise leaders to mak«
herself the real capital of Greece. Wealthy
public men vied with the state In the en
couragement of art and letters. Not only
was native talent encouraged and reward
ed, but from all parts of the Hellenic
world men of gtnius were drawn to the
Attic capital by the stimulus which comes
from contact with the best minds, and by
the rich pecuniary rewards and still richer
compensation in fame , which fell to ex
ceptional merit. It was not that Athens
struck out new lines in literature. There
was nothing distinctly new to be .'done.
Her task was to'perfect in many lines the
beginnings that had already been mads.
If she might be said to have created any
new form it would perhaps be the drama;
but even here she- rather borrowed and
perfected what the Dorians had invented;
The unique thing was that whereas else
where Princes had patronized art and let
ters as in the case of Polycrate«» of
Sam'os, the Al»uadae of Thessaly, Hlero
in Sicily, and even at Athens- the Plsia
tratidae, now r whole people of Athens
became encouragers and promoters of
men of genius. It may be doubted If great
talent has ever anywhere else found ?o
stimulating an atmosphere as that of the
Athenian demoa in the fifth century B. C.
The first great literary achievement of
Athens was the drama. The rule still
held that poetry developed before prose.
The suitable medium for the other great
branches of literary composition was still
to be perfected, since history, philosophy
and oratory could not be adequately, ex
pressed except in prose. The lonian
r 'logographers." or . narrators In prose,
had made beginnings in history. , but
these were crude. Hecataeus of Miletus
and Hellanlcus of Mitylenewere clearly
as Inferior to Herodotus in their concep
tion-of history as in the style they com
manded.: The "father of history", belongs
entlrelv to the fifth century, and, though
from Halicarnassus. in Asia Minor, and
using the lonian dialect, owed much to
Athenian Influence. Atany rate, it was
Herodotus who ; fashioned history " into a
new i artistic ; form, and the , lonic dialect
which he used was doubtless not quite the
same as that spoken anywhere, but-fash
ioned -j, for * his purpose Into •a - distinctly
literary form. 'His style was called by the
Greek critics the running style— where the
AJCUSE3CENTB.
Common whisky U a cunt- tbe Old
Government U a hlesaitur , *
• Parties* lntending; to visit Cape /Nome
should not fail to provide themselves with
fur blankets, as they are indispensable in
the extreme north. rH.Liebes A C0.,- fur-
riers, 133-137- Post street, can furnish the
best in that line at lowest prices. -•
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc, cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
rtria, t. mic : - *•* Tsrk, i. rouauu * ca
¦OU) BX AU. SBDOOUIs;
Dickie Will Lecture.
George W. 1 Dickie,' manager of the Union
Iron Workß," will deliver, his lecture,: "The
Man and the Ship," to-morrow, evening at
the First , United Presbyterian Church,"
corner of Golden Gate avenue and Polk
street. The lecture will be well illustrated
with views and no admission will bo
charged. ' \" .";•.-: v"¦ ";".'' '£.;'
FISCHER'S
NEW CONCERT-HOUSE,
m-» 4 O*FARRELL STREET.*
E. A. FISCHER .Proprietor
GEORGE . MOOSER.... ...:...... .Marnier
The Handsomest Music Hall In America.
HUNDREDS TURNED AWAY. NIGHTLY.
A Quartet of Celebrities In the Fourth . Act
from- "II Trovatore": Hinrlchs" challenge cr-
Chestra. ADMISSION 10c Strictly, first -class.
Cafe, unsurpassed. .«
NINETEEN HUNDRED
Cleveland
BICYCLES.
MOBT POPULAR
IN DEMAND ...
. No. B*. a perfect road wheel,
940.
No. 84, a twenty-pound racer, .",: -.:•-.
9SO.
No. 96. Cleveland Chalnleas, |
973/
LEAVITT A BILL,
- 809 iArkln St., S. F. .
20 San Pablo, aye., Oakland. ."•.-;¦
WELBURN'S BONDSMEN
ASKED TO "SETTLE UP"
The case of the United States against
Stanley Wllley and Henry Farmer, sure
ties on the bonds of O. M. Welburn, .m
disbursing officer In the Internal revenue
service was placed on trial before a Jury
yesterday in the United States Circuit
Court ' Judge Morrow presiding. United
States Attorney Coombs and^ Assistant
United States Atttorney Woodworth ap-
Deared on behalf of the Government and
ffln McNab and Frank H. Gould for
the bondsmen. - ¦
Messrs. Willey and Fanner were sure
ties for $15 000. The amount of the al
leeed defalcation , as disbursing ajrent Is
stf ted in the complaint as- $16,000nnclud-
I"c'ounseie1 "c'ounsei eS for the Government contended
that all' it was necessary for them to
Drove was that Welburn was a disburs
ing officer of .the .United States at the
times mentioned in the complaint, that the
sureties named went on hls^bond for $la.
000 and that, Welburn left the office short
in his accounts. It did not matter, they
argued whether the shortage was caused
by peculations of Welburn or -others, or
whether Welburn did or did not know that
there > were shortages. His bondsmen
were responsible in any event. .>-¦ v^~K
The evidence "of the alleged shortage
was embodied In a transcript prepared by.
Special Revenue iAgent^ Thrasher. This
was ruled out on; the objection of the at
torneys for the bondsmen and Judgp Mor
row ruled that the fact of the defalcation
must be established by the testimony of
witnesses. '¦ The case accordingly went
over until tbl« morning. _
United States , Attorney Coombs Bald
after the adjournment of the court that
two of the mo«t important ' witnesses for
the Government were dead and that their
case would be hampered by reason of that
fact.--. ¦¦¦:¦'-¦:*¦:¦': •¦'ii ' - :" ' - ; .. >
(Racing Chart on Pagre' Eleven).
.PLATES FOR SAVINO GOLD. _,
Sehaezletn A Bunidge. 8 Harflle place. OS
Kearny, between Sutter and Bush streets.
FARLAND,
Phenomenal banjo.
Ist. assisted by Chas.
P. Grabber's Mandolin
Orchestra, at Sher-
man. Clay A Co.'s
Hall. Friday evening.
March 23. IJOO. Tick-
ets. COc and 75c On
sale at Sherman, Clay
A Co.'s Music Btore.
The celebrated STEW-
ART BANJO used,
manufactured by Stew-
art tt Bauer, makers
Ct Stewart Banjos and
George Bauer Guitars
and Mandolins. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO..
Padflo Coast Agents.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OU-Crude OU ana Gasoline.
ENSIGN & McOUkTICK. 21 Spear St.. 8. F.
THE ACME OP ALL PRODUCTIONS.
THB DRAMATIC HIT OF THE YEAH.
PUDD'N
HEAD
WILSON.
Mark Twain's Powerful Play.
Magnificently presented by Mrs. Edwin K.
Mayo's superb company. Including th«
Excellent Actor,
MR. BURR McINTOSH.
REGULAR BATURDAY MATINEE.
Monday Night. March 28 PADEREWSKI
Seats on Sale Thursday Morninx.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESD AT). March tl.
Parquet. JSc any eeat; Balcony. 19c; children,
luc. * £^ LN * ABSOLiUTEl ,y J.TJW BILU
Walter Jones and NormaWhalley
In a Cornedr Scream.
MISSES McCOT and SAM MARION: W. C.
Haw- WESTON and TOST: NIELSEN
BISTERS^ IMPERIAL MOORISH ACRO-
BATST HOWARD THURSTON: FLATOW
and DUNN.
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Drew,
la "When Two HesrU Are Won."
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Dally. 625 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
A Bl<3 SUCCESS.
CURTAIN CALLS GALORB.
Elaborate Modern Production.
DIPLOMACY
15c, 25c R H^f D 35c, 50c.
Next Week- - - "AUNT JACK"
Now tn Preparation.
.... "QUO VADIS"....
MATINEE E VERT SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
AMUSEMENTS.
*TIVOLI*
"HOOT MON, I MUST AWA FRA YE!"
LAST 6 PERFORMANCES
Of tie Marvelous Comic Opera,
THE IDOL'S EYE !
FINAL MATINEE SATUIIDAI AT J.
NEXT lA/EEK!
Tbe Musical Extra.TB*aoM.
"MANILA BOUND!"
WATCH FOB THIS! WATCH FOR THIS!
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and sOc.
TELEPHONE— BTJBH ••
THE worthy gentlemen who have been appointed by Mayor Phelan to
choose a flag for San Francisco are expected shortly to make their
flnal selection of a design to be submitted to the Board of Supervisors
for adoption. It was thought that this foolish scheme would fall by
the weight of Its own absurdity, but the Mayor's Indorsement has
given It vitality and It has become serious rather than humorous to the peo
ple of San Francisco. The people of this city already have a flag, and they
want no other banner. They have a standard which represents their highest
and noblest ideals of national and social life. They have' a' flag which binds
them In a union with a great people. It is the flag which means more than
municipal or State life. It has a history and a dignity far surpassing any
other emblem in the minds of citizens.
It Is the flag of Washington and Lincoln. It is the banner which children
are taught to revere in their schoolhouses. It floats over every public build
ing in America and Is sacred -in 'every American home. It Is the flag of the
United States — the stars and stripes— and It is the only flag that ought to ap
peal to American citizens. The Call offers It to Mayor Phelan as a design
for a flag for San Francisco. His Honor can go further and fare worse in
his selection. > -,
A few American cities have flags, but they shed no dignity upon the
municipalities they represent and they satisfy no need of city life. In some
cities they are objects of derision, as In Chicago, where the emblem of the
windy city is known as the "liver, and lard" flag. • Perhaps Mayor Phelan
would like San Francisco to have the flag of the Phelan. hat. Flags are
needed to distinguish Individuals, tribes and nations. Banners serve no other
purpose. Xo one will say that San Francisco Is a nation, and the city has cer
tainly passed the tribal state. No one, except • Mayor - Phelan perhaps, will
say that San Francisco Is an individual, and his Honor too frequently • In
dulges a habit of introspection to make his judgment valuable.
For what reason, then, does San Francisco need a flag? The heads of gov
ernments, such as an Emperor, a King, a President or a Sultan, have per
sonal flags; but Mayor Phelan Is certainly none of these and can worry
along without a banner. Why not let us have the stars and stripes 'and
change the conditions of the contest? Let the Mayor advertise for sugges
tions for a municipal yell such. as. they have in colleges and universities.
We need a yell more than we do a flag. If the Supervisors, for example,
would open their sessions with an official yell great dignity and impressive
ness would be given to the proceedings. Other departments could do the same
and his Honor the Mayor could have a yell of his own. There Isn't the
slightest 'question: that he has .often felt the need of one, and much would '
be gained by giving It an official character. The Call suggests therefore that
a new competition be started.
967 Jazabel 106 588 Illllouette 97
928 Glocoso 104 ... Sarsflelfl 104
631 Regln'd Hughes. 99 839 Palatine 99
968 Red Cherry...... 102
Second race— Mile and a sixteenth; three-year
olds; selling: ¦'-. '' £
950 The Lady Ill] 917 Tekla „.... 108
(943)L.lmertck ........1071 889 Sam Dan'baum.lOo
Third race— Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward; purse:
(861) Frank 8e11..."...11C! 935 Afamada 106
(913) Bendoran ........123! 949 Sardine 90
542 Vloris 102| 946 Sly ...106
Fourth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; selllnc: .
692 Opponent 106 962 Casdale 102
935 Merry Boy 10« <955)Dalsy F ...107
Fifth race — Four and a half furlones; two
year-olds; selling: ¦ •
928 Intrada .....102 947 Moonbrlght 102
(947)Bernota 107 941 Gaylon 8r0wn. ..102
92J Billy Lyona 105 953 Countess Clara.. lo2
Btxth . race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward :
... Jim McGlbben...llo 818 Anttoch 107
918 Sister Marie 89 739 Orady 113
788 Sir Urlan 107 »44 Joe Mussle 113
£88 Prestome 90 957 Henry C..........106
843 Imp. Clonsllla...loB ... Taranto ......... 1M
60* Donator HO 529 Nllicar 113
827 AcrObaf 11l 893 Flero WH
836 Fashion Plate.. .lol ... Major H00ker... 119
944 Key Hooker 110
Selections for To-Day.
Flrot race— Sorsflelfl, Mlv Soak, Uterp.
Second race—Th« Lady, Limerick. TeWa.
Third race—Bendoran, Sardine. Sly.
Fourth race-Daisy F. Opponent, Merry Boy.
Fifth race—Bemota. Intrada. Countesa Clara.
Sixth race^-Jlm McQlbben. Imp. Clonsllla,
Major Hooker. - -, ¦ ' ¦ ' '
TALE BEARERS
MAKE TROUBLE
FOR PAINTERS
Chris Jorgensen Cheerfully
Accepts Decision Relat
ing to Water Colors.
Stanton's Panel Entitled "Evening"
I Was Not Rejected by the Jury
of the Spring Exhibition of
the Art Association.
The San Francisco Art Association an
nounces with pleasure that the spring ex
hibition of works by California artists in
augurating the recently completed Mary
Frances Searles Art Gallery will open to
the public on Friday, March 23. The mem
bers of the association are Invited ¦to a
prjvate view, and reception on. Thursday
evening. The number of pictures sub
mitted for acceptance greatly exceeded
the original estimate of the management.
When notice was sent. out mvltlng every
artist to submit ten samples of work the
management niust .have fancied .that
many of the painters would not respond
with more than one or two pictures each.
So many pictures, however, were sent "to
the institute* that 100 have been excluded
for-want of wall space. The Jury also
rejected 150 examples on thfe ground that
the work was not up to the! standard.
There is an obvious design in a certain
quarter to provoke dissension and trouble
among the artists and to Involve the Art
Association in an ugly squabble with the
painters. A paragraph In yesterday's Call,
wherein It was announced that Chris Jor
gensen had withdrawn : his water-colors,
was quickly, twisted around to , make It
appear to the public that Mr. Jorgensen
had been ! shabbily treated. The facts in
the case are exactly as -The Call stated.
Mr. Jorgensen ; was not aggrieved by the
decision of the committee. He made no
complaint to any one. He did. not solicit
an interview and > was not interviewed, as
reported. When he ascertained that a
ruling had been made that no water
colors would be exhibited in the main gal
lery .he courteously requested and was
given permission to withdraw his work.
He was disappointed, of course, that his
pictures | could not have the light which
the i new gallery afforded, but -he recog
nized the fairness of the ruling and made
no complaint and manifested no displeas
ure. '¦"' ¦ V' ¦'" ' ' "• ¦¦ " * - ¦¦
Some of the talebearers at the. institute
are spreading a rumor that a large panel
painted by John Stanton for the new jinks
room of the Bohemian Club ; was rejected
by the committee appointed to pass upon
the picture presented for the spring exhi
bition of the Art Association. It was Mr.
Stanton's original purpose to exhibit the
panel, entitled "Evening," at the institute,
and permission was obtained to withdraw
the picture from the club, but when the
demand for; space in the new gallery be
came so pressing Robert Howe Fletcher,
curator • of " the • Institute, advised Mr.
Stanton that the panel could not be placed
In proper light without excluding v other
pictures which ¦ had been accepted. Mr.
Stanton thereupon- readily announced thaf
he ' would : not take the space . from other
exhibitors. By mistake and without ; the
knowledge of .Mr. Stanton the panel was
sent from the club to the Institute.' and as
It was not: placed In the new gallery the
venders of Kossip Immediately Jumped to
the surmise i that -the committee had
"turned-down Stanton.";
separate parts or limbs are, as it were,
disjointed— as opposed to the periodic In
which the subordinate clauses are grouped
into more comprehensive periods of just
length and proportions. But hla Is the
perfection of a narrative style, and It was
a story of stories that Herodotus had to
tell. First of all, the general subject was
the most thrilling story of Greek an
tiquity, the attempt of the Eastern world
to overwhelm the Western, when Greek
liberty, political Institutions, literature
and art were all at stake. The proper
telling of this great story Involved a clear
exposition not only of what Greece was
and stood for, but of the -character and
motives of her assailant. And properly
to describe Persia it was necessary to
trace the previous history of that great
world power. And so Herodotus' narrative
became really a" history of the world as
the Greeks knew it, for the history of the
Persians led back into that of the Medes;
the contact of the Median empire with
Egypt made necessary a full account of
the country of the Nile; later Persian ex
peditions suggested an account of the
Scythians, as also of the Libyans, and
finally there followed necessarily the
story of lonian A.<ia Minor and the revolt
from Persia, which had prepared the way
for the conflict between Persia and
Greece. Herodotus was a great traveler,
and most of the world which he wrote of
he had himself visited. Those who a few
y_ears ago listened with eager ears to
btanley's account of the country and the
peoples in Africa can have some faint idea
of the interest with which the Greek
world received Herodotus' story of the
great countries beyond the seas. All the
world lovea new stories. Herodotus found
an endle.ss supply of such in connection
with the various peoples of whom he
wrote, and these stories he told in a fash
ion that no historian since has ever had
the art. to equaL And when he came to
tell of Marathon and Thermopylae, Sala
mis and Plataea, even the veterans of
those battles must have felt that the
narration was adequate. The whole re
mains perhaps the most Interesting his
tory in any literatuie.
The next great historian was an Athe
nian of the Athenians. Born about 471,
Thucydides was in his prime when tha
great conflict broke out between the two
foremost states of Greece. He was a pub
lic man of gTeat wealth, an aristocrat,
and connected with the family of the hero
of Marathon, had had the best training
that Athens at her greatest period couM
furnish. He belonged to the best circle*
at Athens— doubtless to that of the jreat
Pericles himself. He had foreseen from
the beginning the significance of this great
struggle, and he spent twenty years in
collecting the material for its history. His
conception of history was in many re
spects different from that of Herodotus.
Perhaps he- had the other in mind when
he wrote: "Very likely the strictly his
torical character of my narrative may be
disappointing. But if he who desires to
have before his eyes a true picture of tha
events which have happened, ard of th«
like event 3 which may be expected to hap
pen hereafter in the order Of human
things, shall pronounce what I have writ
ten to be useful, then I shall be satisi*ed.
My history .is an everlasting' possession,
not a prize composition which la heard
and forgotten." He regarded the great
struggle between Athens and Sparta,
which lasted twenty-seven years (Wl-KM),
"the greatest evtr known" down to that
time, and he considered It his duty not
simply to narrate the events of the war.
but- to set fortn the causes which led up
to these, and so he became the first philo
sophic historian. He died before his great
work was completed, leaving his account
broken off at 411 B. C; but even thus ajma
of the chief of succeeding historians have
pronounced him the greatest historian of
the world. Tb» Earl of Chatham, called
the work "the eternal manual of states
men," and directed that It should oe the
first book which hia son, William Pitt,
should read after entering the university.
Macaulay put the seventh book above
even the "De Corona" of Demosthenes,
as the "ne plus ultra of human composi
tion," and Pericles' great funeral oration
in book two may well be expected to kefcp
its rank as one of the greatest oratorical
compositions in all literature. One passaga
of this oration may properly be quoted
here as setting forth in the words of him
who did most to create the Athens of th.j
fifth century, the spirit that animated the
city and people of Athens at the acme of
the Attic period: "I say that Athens is tho
school of Hellas, and that the individual
Athenian in his own person seems to hava
the power of adapting himself to the most
varied forms of action with the utmost
versatility and grace. This Is no parsing
and idle word, but truth and fact; an.t tho
assertion is verified by the position to
which these qualities have raised th«j
state. For In the hour of trial Athens
alone among her contemporaries la supe
rior to the repott of her. No enemy who
comes against her is indignant at tho re
verses which he sustains at tho hands of:
such a city; no subject complains that hta
masters are- unworthy of him. And wo
shall assuredly not be without witnesses;
there are mighty monuments of our power
which will make us the wonder' of this
and of succeeding ages. We shall not need
the praises of Homer or of any other
panegyrist whose poetry may please for
the moment, although his representation
of the facts will not bear the light of day.
For we have compelled every land and
everj- sea to open a path for our vnlor.
and have everywhere planted eternal me
morials of our friendship and of our en
mity."
Thucydldes* history was completed by
Xenopnon In his Hellenlca; but Xenophon.
however delightful his account of the ex
pedition of the ten thousand with Cyrus
the younger, and however interesting hla
semi-historical romance of Cyrus tha
elder, was no historian. He was a great
writer, but not the legitimate successor
of Herodotus and Thucydldes. The works
of later historians of this period, such as
Ephorus and Theoponipus, have been lost.
Far more than the beginnings of phll
osoohy had been made before the Attlo
period, especially among the lonian.-*.
Prose had been used by Pherecydes of
Svros, Anaxlmander and Anaximenes of
ililetus, Heracllrus of Ephesus and oth
ers but lonic prose was not yet an ade
quate vehicle for. philosophy. Xerwp napes
of Colophon, Parmenldes of Elea and Em
pedocles of Agrigentum chose verse as the
medium of their philosophy, but the true
form for philosophy is not verse, but
prose The great work vu to be dona
here, too. by the Athenians. The great
est Impulse was given to the study of
philosophy by Socrates, who was exactly
contemporary with Thucydides. But h»
left notning In writing, and bis young dis
ciple, Plato, became the great exponent
of his doctrines. But this subject belongs
to a separate study, as does also the ac
count of Athenian oratory, which had m
the Qfth century perhaps Its greatest ret>
resentatlves In Pericles, who left nothing
In writing, and In Antlphon. from whom
fifteen speeches are extant.
To sum up, then: After the drama, ar
tistic prose was the great contribution of
the Attic period in the forma of literature.
The medium which it thuii created is per
haps still unexcelled, as found in the per
fected parts of Thucydldes. In the prin
cipal dialogues of Plato, In the chief
speeches of Demosthenes. The clearness
of perception and the native intellectual
vigor of the Athenians, as well as the nat
ural excellence of the Attic dialect, fitted
them especially for the highest attain
ments in prose literature. But as Greek
poetry had been essentially oral — that Is,
composed to be recited or sung rather
than read — so the excellencies of the best
prose literature were due In large meas
ure to the same cause.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Spring Term, 1900.
Mondays—American Political Far
ties.
Tuesdays — Twenty Lessons in
French Conversation and Recent Sci
entific Discoveries.
Wednesdays and Thursdays —
Golden Ages of Literature.
Fridays — Photography for Ama
teurs.
Saturdays — Biographical Studies
for Girls..
These courses will continue,until
June 7, 1900. Eliminations will ba
held at their close as a basis for th«
granting of certificates.
Copyright, iOOO, by Seymour Eaton.
THE GOLDEN AGE OF GRECIAN LITERATURE.
GOLDEN AGES' OF* LITERATURE.
X. THE ATTIC PERIOD.
BT CHARLES FORSTER SMITH. PH. D.
The great creative "period of epic poetry
was practically closed about 800 B. C.
With the development of' individuality
new forms of poetry were required. Out
of -the epic hexameter Greek genius
created in the elegy an instrument not
simply for lament, but which might ex
press philosophic and sententious
thoughts, even political wisdom. .Elegiac
poetry used the dialect and vocabulary of
the epic in the main, and changed the out
ward form only by shortening every other
line into a practical pentameter. The next
step was a greater one. lambic verse
was fashioned Into an Instrument of
satire, and as the verse departed more
from the traditional forms so the vocabu
lary became mpre like that of everyday
life. The new- form was doubtless of
more or less slow growth, but the first
great genius to appropriate it is reputed
its founder, and the Greeks, grateful for
this new literary achievement, hailed
Archilochus as a benefactor second -only
to Homer. But there were other Intimate
and powerful feelings of the heart and
soul still seeking literary expression, and
the 'Aeolians of the island of I,esbos
created melic, or song proper, in various
meters. Passion in all its manifestations,
but especially love, was its burden, and
Alcaeus, Sappho and Anacreon became
its chief representatives.
So far two of the great branches of the
Greek race had been chiefly active in the
development of poetry— the lonians in
epic, elegiac and iambic poetry, the
Aeolians in lyric proper. The Dorians,
too, were developing a form of lyric suit
ed especially to the worship of the gods
and to the celebration of athletic victories.
These lyrics were to be sung not by in
dividuals, but by carefully trained choirs,
either in procession or with a dance ac
companiment. Of this Dorian choral
lyric, Stesichorus and Arion in earlier
times, Simonldes and Pindar In later, were
the chief representatives. This growth
of the new forms of poetry had been co
incident with the era of colonization in
Greece. ; In the eighth century B. C. the-
Hale'i.
Hales.
THE SAN i:RA^CISCO CALt, AVEDNESDAY, MARCH 21, 1900.
CORRIGAN WINS
MORE PURSES AT
TANFORAN PARK
His Horses Now Followed by
the Talent, Which Has
Grown Wise.
Favorites First on Three Occasions.
Eonic Beats a Field of Two-
Y ear-Olds — Kosalbra in .
Front
Purses came pretty easy for Corrlgan at
Tanforan Park yesterday, his Chimura,
Afghan and Joe McGee scoring at very
remunerative odds. The first named
mare, a favorite for the mile and a quar
ter run, won under most fortunate cir
cumstances. Henry managed to get him
self pocketed behind Gotobed, Red Pirate
and Lothian in the stretch, with his posi
tion looking hopeless. Pulling out, he
went around the trio and. on pounds the
best horse. Won out at the last jump from
Gotobed.
After the entries had closed on Monday
through somebody's carelessness it waj
discovered that Afghan "was not in." He
was added, and the chestnut's victory
could also be termed timely, if not lucky.
Three choices were laid 'away, while
three others met with more success. The
attendance was very light. Henry again
rode a brace of winners, Piggott right at
his heels with a like number to his credit.
Ab Stemler's Eon filly Eonlc defeated
her company in decisive fashion "in the
two-year-old scramble. Going to the pest
a 2 to 1 choice, with Piggott up, she led
almost from the start, winning hands
down. In a hard drive Merida led Princess
Leota out a head for place.
A big bunch of twelve started In the
six-furlong sprint following. Mr. Johnson,
a strong tip, opened favorite, receding
later in the betting to 9 to 2, while Sor
row closed favorite. Shaw on Rosalbra, a
7 to 1 shot, managed to show llrst soon
after the start and was never headed,
beating Monda and Sorrow, the favorite,
out in a hard drive. Mr. Johnson ran a
close fourth.
About the. only starter in the fourth
number that received any backing was
Corrigan's Afghan, which was piayed
down from 4 to 13 to 5. Mocorlto opened
favorite, but warmed up so lame that her
price went to 13 to 5. Piggott on -Afghan
ehot to the front and, never headed, was
first at the wire by a length. In a "Irtve
Glover astride High Hoe landed his mount
in the place half a length before Casdale.
Scotch Plaid, a 6 to 5 choice, experienced
no difficulty in taking the mile and a six
teenth run, well ridden by Thorpe. Silver
Tone stayed surprisingly well; beaiin?
Espionage for the place. The winner was
bid up $400 over his. selling price by Tim
Murphy.
The last number went to Corrigan'B Joe
McGee. which won by a head from Plraie
J. The favorite. Decoy, finished third.
To-Day's Entries.
First race—Five furlongs; maiden three-year
olds and upward:
944 Tallac 10* 944 Letltrer 99
928 Uterp 103 92$ Morella 99
539 Tom Sharkey....lOt ?25 Florence Fink...102
9M Mls» Soak 11l 957 Harry C0rby....104
... Ruric 107 892 Tanobe 97
The Call's
Home Study Circle
EVi.;ii T ir«if
I."™jßswf\nO|
last few days of the
i sale
I v US f l fOUf days more of thls sale s!n those 4 da y» every blt of
S the J. J. O'Brien's goods must be sold, here are soms prices
k that will insure raplJ sflling :
| colored velvets, 79c yard
H ,~ . odds and ends of tht color ed velvets from the J. J. O'Brien &
p Co.'s stock; well worth f 1.50.
I dress goods
ft fancy chicks, 37 inches fancy coverts, 50 Inches
If wide; J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s wide; J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s
W . price 50c, the yard now 33c price 85:. the yard n0w.....590
f A fancy colored crepons,
A ao inches wide ; J. J. O'Brien fancy plaids, 42 ir.ches 4
rf & Co.'s price fi.25, the yard wide; J. J. O'Brirn & Co.'s
U n °w 593 price 85c, the yard n0w..!..55c
I men's wool underwear, 83c
™ on sale to-day for the first time ; men's wool underwear in both
I natural and camels-h air colors ; regular Si.oo and 51.25 values.
1 hosiery and underwear specials
£j boy's bicyclo ribbed ladies' muslin gowns,
S hose, fast black, cotton, two- made of a g ood so ft muslin,
B thread In legs and feet, three- ? , , . iA ,
I thread in heels, toes and knees, bias yoke of embroidery, lnser-
a- knockabout hose for hard tlon and tucks « ruffle trimmed ¦
wear, siz:s 6to 9^, per pair collars and cuffs, each only 1
only 14c - 50c X
I Hudnut's perfumery, all odors, the ounce only 5O C [ B
I -US' GOOD^*^ . 1
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945. 947 Market Street. g
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
l/DAril and' Drake Amalgamators, In
|\|\U\jri operation daily; 1 30-Hp. gaso-
line engine cheap. 9 Stevenson
St., S. F.
D<EDOISQ PUMPS.
OU, Gasoline, Steam Hoists, Centrifugal Pumps,
Enrines&Bollers. HendrMsch.Wks..4O Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY & MODELS.
L. PETERSON. 544 A Mission, 8. F. ; communi-
cations from Inventors strictly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for sluice boxes;
high or low lifts. Slmonds, 33 Market st.
PUMPS AND GASOLINE ENGINES. ¦
All kinds of Pumps and Gasoline Engines.
WOODIN & LITTLE. 312 Market St.. S. F.
pmonc south rro.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK. MAT. SAT.
WITHOUT A PEER— WITHOUT A RIVAL.—
The most perfect performance seen in this city
In years. Presented by
W\R. MPireRY GLAZIER
And His Excellent Company in a Beautiful
Production,
THREE MUSKETEERS.
. DIRECT FROM NEW YORK CITY.
SEATS NOW READY.
Last Performance Saturday Night.
PRlCES— Evening. 15c. 25c, 38c. 50c and 75c
Matinee. 15c. 25c. 25c and £oc. ,
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
EAVES All tbe Gold by Gravitation. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation -14 Spear.
BOS * OOLD SAVER. '."'.."
Man pumps, water operates machine, works
t tons per hr., naves 85 p.c. free gold. 129 First.
CENTRIFUOAL AMALGAMATORS.
SAVES fine gold. In dally operation at . 254
Beale St., San Francisco. ¦
GASOLINE EMOINES.
HERCULES QAS ENGINE WORKS is filling
many orders for Nome. 141-143 First st.. S. F.
OOLD SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
dally operation. Win. H. Birch A Co., IS3
First St.. S. F. •*
OOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Go.d Saving Machine. 229 Fol-
som street. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
OROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
Outfits racked. IRVINE BROS., 67d Howard,
308 Fourth. 1302 Polk and 1441 Stockton. S. F.
COLUMBIA^
LAST 4 NIGHTS AND MATINEE BAT.
CHARLES FROHMAN
PRESENTS WILLIAM GILLETTE'S GREAT-
EST COMEDY TRIUMPH.
Because She -a.
Minister
Loved Him So -
With J. E. DODSON and Original N. Y. Cart.
XEXT MONDAY.
IA/LLLIE COLLIER
In his own Farce Comedy,
"JV\Ft. SMOOTH."
F. W. BELL, Central Plating Works, 852 Mis-
sion St., B. F. Phone Jessie 3CI. . "
ROCKERS.
Dflriri!3C Hula-Hula Rocker; Centrifugal
HUvnCO Band Pumps: Machinery. PARKE
& LACY CO.. 21 Fremont st.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BCRNHAM-BTANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and Ist sts., Oakland, or Builders' Ex., 8. V.
PILE.DRIVINO ENOINES.
Worthington Steam Pumps & .Water Meters,
Mundy Hoisting Engines. Tatum & Bowen.
ENOINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER A HAMILTON. Enrlnea and Boilers;
lowest prices on the coast. Pine ft Davis sts.
GRANDS
LAST THREB WEEKS OF THB EEASON.
ALL THIS WEEK.
Tn« XmznewetT Successful Revtval of Offen-
bskcb's Famous Comic Oner*.
The Grand
Duchess.
XEXT WEEK— "EL CAPTTAN."
TELEPHONE— MAIN HI.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Oood lUwmJ Beat In Orchestra Saturday
Matinee 25c.
Branch Ticket OfSce— Emporium.
. TENTS AND COVERS. .
NEVILLE A CO.. manufacturers, bags, tants,
coyrrc. 11 snd S3 California st.
WESTERN TDRF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FIFTH MEETING, Mch. 12 to 2*. Inclusive.
Six high-class running races every week day,
rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
Tbe Ideal winter racetrack o( America. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb > grand stand, glass-Inclosed, where,
comfortably housed In bad weather, they can
enloy an unobstructed view of tbe races. -
Trains leav* Third and Townsend streets at
1:00. 10:40 and ' 11:10 a. m. and 12:15. 12:SS. 12:S0
and 1:25 p. m., returning Immediately -, after
last race at 4:45 p. m. Seats in rear cars re-
served for women and their escorts. No smok-
ing. Valencia, rtreet, 10 minutes later.
Ban Jose and Way Stations — Arrive . at San
Bruno at 12:45 p. in. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:45 p. m.
RATES — San Fnuiclsco to Tanforan and re-
turn, including admission to track, 11.25.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
OLYMPtA c E o D «%f£6«
THE ONLY FKEE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
I THE OLYMPIA MYSTERY.
TBE GREAT UNENOWN
THE LADY WITH THE VELVET
¦ i-, — +
Do not fall to hear the Ban Francisco «ocletjg
lady with the most marvelous ro»c« 'of the
century.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREB.
CHUTES AND ZOO.W^uT*
ROMALO BROTHERS] MARION BLAKE.
<~ONLON * RTDER. MAJOR MITE. LILLIAN
« HOWE. BOOGS A HAEWOOD. MLLE. E8-
TBLLE. THE BLACK BARTONS.
HOOT MON and the AMATEURS
TO-MORROW NIGHT. •
Reserre Beats by Phone Park a.
7
PERHAPS THIS FLAG
MAY SUIT THE MAYOR
The Gall Offers Another Design for
a Municipal Banner.New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. March 20.— There was a bril
liant display of speculative pyrotechnics to
day which was Interesting and informing as
a spectacle, but which must have been at
tended with unpleasant consequfnees for some
one. The speculative outbreak took place in
the New York traction group and was pre
cipitated by the oScial announcement pub
lished this morning that the Metropolitan
Street Railway had secured a controlling In
terest in the Third Avenue Railroad. This at
once confirmed the fears of shorts, which have
been quite acutely manifested for several days,
that there was not a large enough supply of
Third Avenue stock on the market to enable
them to cover their unfilled contracts for de
livery. In other words, the stock was cor
nered. Tha result, briefly etated. was a Jump
of nearly 17 points in the price on top of yes
terday's rise of nearly IS points. The violent
rise in the stock brought out large lots from
holders, wbicb caused many relapses and made
wide and feverish fluctuations all day. But
when the ehorta attempted to cupply their
needs the price always mounted buoyantly
upward again. The New York public utilities
have been the favorite field of operation by
the bears for several days part and the sym
pathetic Htrensth imparted to the group by
the Metropolitan-Third Avenue combination
drove the shorts to cover with a rush. The
extreme advanoes in the group were: Metro
politan. 11%; Brooklyn Transit, 7%; Consoli
dated Gas, 7; Brooklyn Union, a, and Man
hattan, 4i». The possibilities of economy of
operation and elimination of destructive rival
ries as a result of the combination undoubtedly
improves the Ftatus of the Metropolitan and
Third Avenue properties, but the price move
ment of tha day wfis almost wholly dua to
speculative exigencies. Third Avenue stock
commacded as high as 4 per cent premium for
use on loans. There was furious manipulation
In the stock all day as was evidenced by the
clmultaneous sales on regular transactions and
un sellers flzty-day contracts at nearly 10
points apart, the regular sale commanding the
fcigh price. Other «tocks in which the short
lr.terest had been largely reflected by the
urgent demand from the shorts, notably Sugar,
AmeriTcn and Continental Tobacco, People's
Gas aiil Wf*iern Union, which rose 1% to 3>i.
Epecul»Uon in the railroad list was rather dull
during the period of feverish excitement in the
ttpecialties. but later In the day an active and
\°igorous demaxd sprang up for Baltimore and
Ohio, the Pacifies, rome of the Grangers,
Wheeling and Lake Erie second preferred and
a r.'jmUr of less prominent stocks. Baltimore
and Ohio was earned up 4>4 points. The blgh
<*i prices were not maintained in any cane,
the violently epeculatfve epeclaltles showing
the sharpest reactions, but the closing gen
erally was rather easy below the best and
the net changes, though mostly gains, were
very ragged as to uniformity. The Iron and
rteel etocks were rather heavy, notably Na
tional at eel and Tennessee Coal. The money
market showed evidences of relaxation. The
continued decline in price of Government bonds
Indicated a procese of liquidation 'which sug
?evla that the recent level of prices prompted
the changing of plans for taking out bank
note circulation acd the Belling out of hold
ir.c-n of bonds.
The railroad bond market continued active,
but price change* were rather irregular. Total
tsa.le*. par value, 52.470.000.
United States 2s (refunding), when issued,
tii» old 4s, new 4s and 6s declined % in the
bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK; LIST.
Fales. Closing Bid.
1Z. ".".V Atchlnon — 23%
i3.€?i Atchleon prefd CS'i
30.U7 Haltlmere A- Ohio .*»%
Canadian Pacific '.'*>_:
4'o Canada. Southern 48vs
l.ii.V) CIK-ftapea'Ke & Ohio 28%
4(» Chicago Great Western 13%
II.JTS Chicago Hur & Qulncy 127U
I.MiO Chicago Ind & Louis 22%
7<K> Chlcag-o Ind & Louis prefd 55%
4 ¦•> Chicago & East Illinois ............. tG%
200 Chicago & Northwestern Ml
U.7SO Chicago Rock Island & Pac 110
1.100 CCCAit Louis 60%
S.OC9 Colorado Southern 7
41A Colorado Southern Ist prefd 45%
VI:. Colorado Souttu-rn 2d srefd 19
?¦£ Delaware & nudson 115
200 Delaware Lack & Western .17b
200 Denver * Klo Grande 19%
900 Denver & Itio Grande prefd 71%
l;l«0 Erie V . 1314
1.254 Erie lrt prefj &>%
1,096 Great Northern prefd 159%
„. Hocking Coal 16V
1.219 Hocking Valley 33
SOO lU'.nole Central .....113%
ElO lowa Central 1514
fc*. lowa Central prefd 51
100 Kansas City Pitts & Gulf 16%
Lake Erie & Western 21
Lake Erie & Western prefd 85
Lake Shore 1»4
2.400 Louisville & Nashville *2*i
38,435 Manhattan L 96
44.475 Metropolitan St Ry 167%
2.060 Mexican Central .'....- 14
1,610 Minn & Bt Louis 63%
125 Minn & St Louis prefd 91 I,*1 ,*
1t 778 Missouri Pacific 4<
300 Mobile & Ohio 46%
Missouri, Kan & Texas lUI2
4.&50 Missouri Kan & Texas prefd 33
• 100 New Jersey Central 116
4,200 New York Central" 135%
11.700 Norfolk & Western 32?,
1.200 Norfolk & Western prefd 1.. 761k
17.655 Northern Pacific 54%
2,265 Northern Pacific prefd l"4*i
410 Ontario & Western 23^4
Oregon Ry & Nay 42
Oregon Ry & Nay prefd 76
11.390 Pennsylvania 1351J
1,420 Reading l"i»
3,800 Reading lft prefd *>7\*
654 Reading 2d prefd 25%
Rio Grande Western 53^
Klo Grande Western prefd 90
St Louis & San Fran 10%
100 St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 8»
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 24%
fct LouU Southwestern 10'»
800 St Louis Southwestern prefd 29%
11.100 M. Paul 124
256 St Paul prefd 173}*
St Paul k Omaha 11l
22.4 M Southern Pacific 3914
2.260 Southern Railway 13%
4.310 Southern Hallway prefd 6S»H
2.500 Texas & Pacific lbi»
40.W0 Union Pacific 61%
4.&6S Union Pacific prefd 7SH
Wabash 6*i
1.200 Wabaeh prefd 20',»
1.500 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10**
6.2*0 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2J prefd.... 29% i
500 Wisconsin Central .T. 161*
Express Companies —
....... Adams 115
American 147
United States 46
Wellß-Fargo 122
Miscellaneous —
210 American Cotton Odl 33%
American Cotton Oil prefd 93%
340 American Malting 4%
• 100 American Malting prefd 24%
2.U3 American Smelting &. Rfng 40V4
1.490 American Smelting & Ring prefd... »o^i
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
3,250 American Steel Hoop 35
500 American Steel Hoop prefd Sl>i
10.275 American Steel & Wire 60%
100 American StetM & Wire prefd 89%
4trt> American Tin Plate 33?4
175 American Tin Plate prefd 82
25.278 American Tobacco 10774
American Tobacco prefd 135
2.029 Anaconda Mining Co 46%
£1.783 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 71 l »
1.4J0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 44 : »
12.530 Continental Tobacco 32^i
715 Continental Tobacco prefd 84^4
4,200 Federal Steel 50*4
534 Federal Steel prefd 74<4
435 General Electric 126
400 Glucose Surar 61%
Glucose Sugar prefd 98
600 International Paper IS%
200 International Paper prefd 61>4
Laclede Gas 75
National Biscuit 3514
National Biscuit prefd 89%
600 National Lead 24' 4
National Lead prefd 102^
7.055 National Steel 44%
1.820 National Steel prefd 94
565 New York Air Brake 131
400 North American 15%
Pacific Coast 60
Pacific Coast l«t prefd !>0
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 60
3f>o Pacific Mail 3714
15,385 People's Gas 99%
£50 Pressed Steel Car 64
700 Pressed Steel Car prefd 85
316 Pullman Palace Car 183
100 Standard Rope & Twine 6%
71.€&0 Sugar ....106%
IV) Suicar prefd 109%
3.4C0 Tennessee Coal & Iron '93%
6,070 United States Leather.... 12%
420 United Btates Leather prefd 72%
600 United States Rubber 30
United States Rubber prefd 93%
1,760 Western Union, ex dlv 84
£40 Republic Iron & Steel 21%
Republic Iron & Steel prefd 65%
P C C & St Louis 67
62,390 Third Avenue 101
74 1. COO Shares sold.
U S ref.ulg 2s 104% i
do 2s rej: 101 I
do 2s ret 109%)
do coup 109%
do new 4s reg.... 13414
do coup 134%
do old 4s reg 115
do coup 116
do Se reg 114
do coup 114
Dis Col 3.65s 11»
Atchlson gen 45. .101%
do adj 4s 83%
Can So 2ds 106%
Che* & O 4%5.... 97%
do as 119%'
Chi Term 4s 95
C it N W con 75. .142
do S F deb 65. ...121
D & R G lsts 1C3%
do 4s 93%
E T Va & Ga ISU.IC2
Erie gen 4i 73
Ft W & D C lsts. 70
Gen Elec 6s 113
O H & S A 6s 108
CLOSING BONDS.
do prefd 9114
N V Cent lsts 110
N J Cent gen 65. .123%
No Carolina 6s 127
do 4s 106
No Pac 3s 66%
«o4s 106
N V C & St L 45. .108
Norf ft W con 4s. $6%
do gen. 6s 182
Or Nay lsts 108
do 4s 103
Or S Line 6a 127%
do con 6s 113
Reading gen 45.... 85%
R G W lsts 100
Bt L & I M con 6b.112%
St L & S F gen 6*. 120
St Paul con 163
St P C & Pac 15t5. 115%
do 6s 120%
So Ry 5s 110%
S Rope & T 65... 75
Term new set 35.. So
Tex & Pao lsts.... 114%
do 2ds 65
do 2ds 108 I
H & T C 5s 110%!
do con 6s 110
lowa Cen lsts 116
Kan C P & O lsts. 71
La new con 4s 107
do unl 4s 99%
So Pao 4s kS%
M X & T 2ds 65%
Union Pac 4a 105%
Wabash lsts 117
do 2ds 100 ,
West Shore 4s ....113%
Wls Cent lsts 90%
Va cent SO
do deferred 9
Colo & Sou 4s 83%
MINING STOCKS
Chollar 22
Crown Point 12
Con Cal & Va...... 1 60
Deadwood 60
Gould & Curry 17
Hale & Norc 25
Homestake 60 M
Iron Silver 65
Ontario 3 60
Ophlr 81
Plymouth 11
Quicksilver 1 60
do prefd*....,.... 7 00
Sierra Nevada .... 68
Standard 3 0*
Union Con 22
Mexican 2u
Yellow Jacket .... 16
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money —
Call loans 31iS4H
Time loans 4@a
Stocks— _/ ¦-'¦
Atchison 23"i
do prefd 69
Am Sugar IC6
do prefd 110
Bell Telephone 316
Boston '& Albany.. 24l
Boston Elevated ..116%
Boston A Maine.. 19314
C B A Q 127%
Dom Coal 43
do prefd 114^
Fed Steel 60%
do prefd 74
Fitchburg prefd. ..l3l
Gen Electric 12fi%
do prefd 137
Mexican Cent .... 14 j
N E Gas & Coke.. 16
Old Colony 205%
Old Dominion i. r .\j
Rubber 30^1
Union Pacific 61%
Union Land 2
West End 92%
Wls Cent 16
Bonds —
Atchlson 99%
N E G & C 55.... 69%
Mining shares —
Adventure 4%
Allouec Mining Co. 1
Amain Copper .... 94%
Atlantic 22 .
Boston & Mont 297
Butte & Boston... 61
Calumet & Hecla.73s
Centennial -18
Franklin :..... 14
Osceola 65%
I'arrot 44%
Qulncy ..ISO*
Santa Fe Copper.. 6
Tamarack l£B
Utah Mining 23%
Winona 2%
Wolverines 41
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, March 20.— Money on call,* firm
at 3 to 6 per cent; last loan, 4 per oent. Prime
mercantile paper, 5Q?5% per. cent. Sterling ex
change, weak, with actual business ' in bank
ers' bills at $4 85% for demand and at $4 82 for
sixty days. Posted rates, $4 83®4 53% and
*4 56%®4 87. Commercial bills, $4 «1%©4 81%.
Silver certificates, 6Ql4@ei%c. Bar silver. 60c
Steamer Movements.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New Yofk Exchange, sight — 17%
Ntw York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce... • — 60
Mexican Dollars 48% 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The market • remains
nominal at 41s 3d, usual options. The disen
gaged wheat tonnage in port Is limited to one
vessel of a register of 1796, against 34,400 tons
on the same date last - year. The chartered
wheat fleet haa a registered tonnage of 25,180,
against 4764. The tonnage, on the way to this
port has a register of 176,000, against 154.000.
WHEAT— Futures advanced. -There was no
change in spot quotations.
Chicago was firmer on Bradstreet's reported
decrease of 1,250,000 bushels in the visible sup
ply, as against 700,000 bushels at the same time
last year. The demand was moderate and the
market was oversold.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96%<3>97%c; milling,
98%c®$l 01%. . ¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2009 ctls,
*B%c: 2000. 98% c; 18,000. 98% c. December— *ooo.
$104%. - •..;¦¦¦- , - -
Afternoon Sessfon— May— 6ooo . ctls, 98% c.
BARLEY— The market continues dead, there
being no demand of any consequence.
Fe«d. 76c for No. 1 and 65073% c for off
grades: Brewing- snd Shipping grades, 80®
87% c; Chevalier, nominal.
j : .' CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sale*.
Second Session — No sales. ' ¦ "¦¦
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon .Session — No sales.
OATS— There was rather more demand yes
terday and the feeling was firm at unchanged
White. $1 1001 80; Red. 95c©$l 17%; Gray.
$1 07%®l 16: Black, 97%c®$l 05.
CORN— Offerings are not large, . but the de
mand Is slack and tha market continues dull.
Eastern White Ms quoted at 97%c&5l 02% per
ctl and Eastern Yellow at $I®l 10; mixed, $1®
1 05 per ctl.
RYE— 97%c®sl 02% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and MUlstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60®S 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40®3 60; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75@S per ' barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $3 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 60;
Oat Groats, $4 60; ' Hominy, $3 25®3 60; Buck
wheat Flour, $4®4 25; Cracked Wheat,, $3 75;
Farina. .$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. . $3 60:
Rolled Oats (barrels). $6@7 25; In sacks. $5 75©
7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas/ $5; Green Peas,
$5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran and Middlings are quoted firm. ¦ Hay
continues weak and . dull, ¦' with ample receipts.
BRAN— SI2(SI3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7®2O per ton. v
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Bariey, $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill; $26®27; Jobbing
$27 500)28; Cocoanut Cake, • $20® 21;- Corn Meal,
$23® 23 60; Cracked Corn, $23 60®24; Mixed Feed,
$15 50: Cottonseed Meal. $23 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $709 . for ¦¦common to good;
$9 60 for choice 'and occasionally $10; "Wheat
and Oat. $6 60@9; Oat, $6@S; Barley. $507; Al
falfa, $6®7 50 per ; ton.
STRAW— 2S@3Sc per bale. . : •
Beans and Seeds.
¦ Beans are quiet and show no chances worthy
of note.
Seeds are neglected. There is some change
In Dried! Peas:. -.. -.:.'., \ ."' •'¦.-.¦" ; *:•. s:' ; '
BEANS— Bay os, $3®3 25: small White, $1 10
©3 J5; large ...White. $3®3 15; Pinks. 12 6DO
2 (5; Reds, manti^i; Blackeye, $4 364)4 <•; But-
EASTERN MARKETS
ten. nominal; Lima, $5 1505 25; Pea, $3 200
3 40; Red Kidneys, $3 50®4. -
SEEDS — Brown .'Mustard, •rtomlnal; Yellow
Mustard. 4%®4Kc; Flax. $1 9002 20: Canary.
3%c per lb for California and 4o for Eastern:
Alfalfa, 9@loc;- Rape, 2%®3c; Hemp, 4®4%c;
Timothy, 4®4%c. ¦¦•. • -
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 90®2 25; Green. $1 90
®2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
' There was very > little change In anything.
Supplies of all; descriptions '. were ample. ¦.
Receipts were 1150 boxes Asparagus, 437 boxes
Rhubarb, 332 sacks Peas and 82 sacks new Po
tatoes. "I"---.----',;;'
POTATOES-Early Rose. 70®*0c; River Reds.
70® 80c; Durbanks. 40®70c ¦¦ per sack; Oregon
Burbanks, 65c@$l; Sweet Potatoes. $2 40®2 60
for Merced and $1 25 for Rivers; New Potatoes.
2®2%c. . ¦
ONIONS— S2 40®2 60 per clt; Cut Onions, 60c®
$160. ¦¦ ~ . . . -
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. $I®l 60 per box:
Asparagus, 50c@$l per box for No. 2 and $1 25®
1 50 for No. 1 and $1 75®2 for fancy large: Green
Peas. 1%©2% c per lb; String Beans. s®loc; Cab
bage, 40<gSOc; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 60®
$1 75; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, : Dried
Okra,'32%c per lb; Garlic, 2%i&3%c; Green Pep
pers from Los Angeles. ; Dried Peppers. 8®
10c; Carrots, 25® 35c per sack: Los Angeles Sum
mer Squash, $1 25 per box; Marrowfat Squash,
nominal. ¦
Poultry and Game.
Two . cars of - Eastern came In, making four
thus far this week. The demand for Poultry
is lighter than It was and some of last week's
Eastern was carried over to this week. Prices
are weak in consequence, and there is a con
siderable quantity on hand.
Receipts of Game are steadily falling off and
so are prices. - .
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll®l2c for' Gobblers
and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $2@2 60;
Goslings, $2 50@3; Ducks, $4®6 for old and $4®5
for young; Hens,- $4®5 60; Young Roosters, $6
®7; Old Roosters, $4®4 50; Fryers. $6; Broilers.
$4 60®6 60 for large and $3@H for small: Pigeons.
$1 60@l 75 per dozen for old and $2®2 25 for
Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1; Rabbits. $1 25; Gray Geese,
$2; White. 75c: Brant. $1 25®1 50; Honkers. $3
per dozen; English Snipe, $2 50@3; Jack Snipe,
$1 60. - '
Butter, Eggs and Cheese.
There Is no further decline in Butter, but re
ceipts are free, and as the demand for the
north has fallen off, dealers are rather expect
ing a further decline. Cheese Is easy and un
changed.
Receipts of Eggs were enormous yesterday,
being nearly 44,000 dozen, and the market is
getting drugged again. All dealers complain of
excessive stocks and a slack demand. The
tendency In prices is downward, j
BUTTER— ¦'--¦¦ * '
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 21c; seconds, 20c.
3 Dairy— Fancy, 18%® 19c; good to choice," 17%®
18c; common, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, B®B%c; old, 7%c;
Young America. 9®loc; Eastern. 15® 16c; West
ern. 13%® 15c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 12%@13c for store and 14®
15c per dozen for ranch. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.-
More Strawberries came In.
Six cars of Oranges will be offered at v.
day's auction. The weather is in favor of w
good Orange market, belng^wann and sunny.
Lemons and Limes are steady. -' . ,
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES — 75@90c per box for common. $1®
1 60 for good to choice and $1 75®2 for fancy;
Strawberries, 75c®$l per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 5002 .0
per box; Seedlings. 75c@$l 50; Lemons, $I®l 50
for common and $2®2 60 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. $5 6006; California Lim#s. 60@
75c; Bananas, $I@2 60 per bunch; Pineapples,
$3 60@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Dried fruit seems to be picking up some
what, as the trade now reports a better Inquiry
for all kinds, with shipments of some carloads
of assorted fruits. Prices are unchanged. Nuts
and Raisins continue dull.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4@4%c for
40-50" s 3@3%c for 60-60' s, 3@3%c for 60-70' s,
3VtC for 70-80' s, 3c for SO-SO" s and 2%c for 90
100's; Apricots. 11@12%0 for Royals, 12%@15c
for Moorparks and 12@13%0 for Blenheims;
Peaches, 6%®6c for Standards, 6%@6%c for
choice and 7@Bc for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10®
12% c: Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried. 60
5%c per lb; Nectarines, B@9c: Pears, 'iM'iU'ria
for dark and 7®Bc for bright halves: Black
Figs, 2®2%c; White Figs, 2@3c; Bleached
Plums SS'Sc; unbleached Plums, 7@7%c for
pitted and l%c for unpitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson' s— Fancy, per
lb 10c; choice. 9c: standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, B%c; choice, 7%c; standard. 6%c;
prime, sc: unbleached Saltanas. sc; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. 6c: 2-crown. loose Muscatels. 6%c;
3-crown 6\lc;- 4-crown, 7c: London Layers,
2-crown, $160 per box: 3-crown, $160. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 W): Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at con>non shipping points
In California. - "
NUTS— Chestnuts, B®9c; Walnuts, B@9c for
standards and 9@loc for softshells; Almonds,
HH®l2c for paper shell, 9@loc for soft and 4@
5c for hard shell; Peanuts, s%@6\c for Eastern
and 6c for California; Brazil Nuts. 7%@Bc; Fil
berts, 12<312%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
HONEY— Comb. 11%®12c for bright and 10%@
Ho for light amber; water white extracted,
7»ic: light amber extracted. 7%®7%c; dark,
6V4@6c per lb. -
BEESWAX— 24©26c per lb.
Provisions.
In Chicago the market is reported advancing
oh small, stocks, with a heavy demand. This
market remains quiet and unchanged as a rule,
though a few narrow variations in quotations
a^UFIED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c per lb for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10% c for light,
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. - lie; California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra
Mess $13: Family. $14: extra Prime Pork. $14 50:
extra clear, $17 60; Mess. $16 60; Smoked Beef,
LARD— Tierce's quoted at 6%@7c per lb for
compound and 7%c for pure; half barrels, pure,
8c: 10-lb tins. B%c; 6-lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%@S%c per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9%c. >. , .
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Hides continue demoralized, and a further de
cline in wet goods will be seen. Stocks are too
large for the limited demand.
Shearing Is progressing all over the State, but
arrivals of Spring Wool are not yet large
enough for the establishment of quotations.
The demand is light. '
Hops are neglected and nominal.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands aell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
10c; medium.- 9%c; , light, 9c; Cowhides, 9c:
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 9@9%c; Calf, 9Vj@loc;
Dry Hides, sound. 18c; culls and brands, 15c;
Dry Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf, 19c; Sheep
skins, shearlings, lSOSOc^each: short Wool 35®
60c each: medium, 70<g90c; long Wool, $I®l 25
each ; Horse Hides. $2 254*2 75 for large and 75c
®$1 75 for 'small; Colts, 25<3«0c. . Deer B kins-
Summer or red skins, 40c; fall or medium skins,
35c- winter ¦or thin skins, 200. Goat -Skins—
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 60c;
medium, 360. . . ¦ ' •
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5®6%c per lb: No.
2, 4®4%c; refined. 6%0 grease, 2%@3c. .
WOOL—
Fall clip. San Joaquin plains. 9®loc; South
ern 8®10c; Middle County,' ll®13c;- Humbolt
and' Mendoclno, 17®20c; Eastern Oregon, 13®
16c* Valley Oregon, lS©2oc; Northern Mountain,
free, U.@l4c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10®
lie per lb. ¦ ¦
HOPS— «%@loc per lb.
San Francisco Msat Market.
Pork and Veal are weak at the deoline al
ready noted, with . larger arrivals. ¦ Beef, Mut
ton and Lamb stand about the same.
BEEF— 6H@7c Per lb for fair to choice.
• VEAL— 6@9c per lb.
- MUTTON— Wethers. B®B%c; ewes, 7%©Se per
lb. • - " •
LAMB— Spring. 10Q>llc per lb.
• PORK— Live Hogs, 6%c for small and me
dium and s\i@s%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6@5%c; dressed Hogs, 7@B>4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6%@6%c ; Wool Bags, 28%@32%c ;
Fleece Twine, 7%c. ' ¦ ; . -; . \
.i COAL— Wellington. $8 per tort; new Welling
ton, $B;' Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
$6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay, $5 SO; Wallsend;
$8; Co-operative j Wallsend," $8; Scotch, — -;
Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 50 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel. $11
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 in
sacks, i- >¦'.¦".¦.¦•-. ...:..-_.:. ¦ l¦ • " - --. .¦¦-¦¦
Harrison's circular says: ¦*= "Since the steamer
Alameda left there . have . been the • following
deliveries of coal from Australia, viz. : Gen
eral Roberts. 28S8 tons; Clan Galbralth, 3371
tons; In veresk.' 23oo tons; total, -8559 tons. .This
Is a very small amount of coal to receive with
such Inducements as we have to offer for ton
nage seeking our port. Trade mutations have
side-tracked all commercial . calculations lat
terly,', and have caused serious losses in some
lines, to the usually very conservative operator
•who has predicated ; Investments on the hap
penings of : past years. The present • outward
freight ' rates :oh grain -¦ should • cause a very
large number of sailers to carry, coals here
as the trade is certainly a most prosperous one
at current rates for coal inward and grain out
ward. The loading list • has : been ' largely In
creased, •- as . the - last mail- reports , thirty-nine
vessels ¦ chartered with a capacity • of 112,000
tons:. this is double the amount of engaged
tonnage sixty : days ago. - Some •of ¦ these car
goes will not be delivered here , before , the end
of this year. s. There is but one vessel -. due
here from Australia - before , May next; - this -is
jvery exceptional. ;_ .There . are forty-seven ves
«ls loading - and sen route from colonial ports
for " Honolulu — about '. 95,000 tons - capacity.
Freight rates from Australia are softening;
Chicago Grain Market.
THE STOCK MARKET
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Charters.
The Andrew Welsh loads merchandise for
Hllo; C. D. Bryant and R. P. Rithet. merchan
dise for Honolulu; Tropic Bird, merchandise
lor Tahiti.
The Okar.ccan loads lumber at Port Lurtlow
for Honolulu; Skagit. lumber at Port Gamble
for Honolulu.
The Susqueharna loads BUgar at Hawaiian
Island* for Delaware Breakwater for orders,
»S— 2'c le?-« direct.
The H. F." Glade was chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat to Europe, 41s 3d.
W eat her Report.
O2oth Meridian— Padfle Time.)
BAN FRAXCLSCO. March 50, 1300—5 p. m.
Tte following are the seasonal rainfalls to
d&te af o n pared with those of the same date
left trzFvn, and ruiafsils In the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka. 0.00 43.65 28.90
Red EluJI x 0.00 18.81 15. !«
Sacramento 0.00 15.61 11.63
Can Francisco 0.00 17.02 10.73
j'Miio 0.00 7.06 6.86
Independence COO • 2.42 1.16
Fin I^uls Obispo C 2 14.75 11.57
Los Angeles 0.00 6.55 4.76
Fan Diego 02 3.14 4.53
Yunia Trace 0.76 1.54
San Fraaclsco data— Maximum temperature.
CS; minimum. El; mean, 60.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over the Pacific slope
except in Southern California, - Arizona and
along Puget Sound, where It Is cloudy and
threater.ir.K- Light rain has fallen In Arizona
and thunderstorms are reported from Los An
geles and Yuma.
The pressure has fallen plightly along the
Oregon and Washington coasts and over Mon
tana and l>akota. It has risen over the plateau
region.
The temperature has risen over Montana and
North Dakota acd remained nearly stationary
Jr. otiier district*.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
California Wednesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 21. 1900:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; light
northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
west wind.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
l.'tah— Partly cloody Wednesday.
Arizona— Showers, followed by fair weather
WeUcesciav.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
l.r.r.i northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
rope, increase, 200,000 bushels; total supply, de
crease. 1,328.000 bushels. - ¦' •¦• -. '" '' -¦
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 1,423,000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase, 2C5.000 bushels.
Among the more Important Increases reported
not given in the official visible supply state
ment are those of 320.000 bushels at Manitoba
storage points, 110,000 bushels at Milwaukee
grlvate elevators and 77,000 bushels at Port
turon. - ; . '
The principal decreases are those of 1,400.000
bushels at Northwestern Interior elevators.-103,
000 bushels at Cleveland, 62.000 bushels at
Louisville and - 60,000 bushels at Minneapolis
private elevators.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., In
creased 116.000 bushels last week.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, March 20.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500. Generally steady to slow; natives, ' best
on sale to-day, $5 85; good to prime steers, $4 60
@5 80; poor to medium, $4 10@4 60; selected feed-,
ers, $4®4 76; mixed stockers. $4 30@4 90; cows,
steady, $3@4 25; heifers, $3 25@4 60: canners,
$2 25@3; bulls, $3®4 15; calves, $4®6 16; Tex
ans, receipts. 7500; Texas fed steers, strong,
$3 75ffo; Texas bulls, steady, $3 20@3 60.
. HOGS— Receipts to-day, 21,000; estimated to
morrow. 27,000; left over, 1500. Fairly active,
firm; ¦ top," $6 15; mixed and butchers, $4 90®
5 15; good to choice heavy, $505 13; rough
heavy, $4 8004 90; light, $4 80® 5 07%; bulk of
sales, $6®6 07%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000. Sheep and lambs,
weak, shade lower; quality generally poor;
good to choice wethers, $5 60®6 80; fair to
choice mixed, $5 10<3>5 60; Western sheep, $5 25©
6 80; yearlings, $5 99^6 40; native lambs, $5 50®
7; Western lambs. $6®7. . \
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. March 20.— The wool market here
Is dull as a whole and sales are meager. Wool
buyers are holding oft and not disposed to bid
on large lots, consequently prices are nominal,
although there is jno doubt that a bid under
present quotations for a large line would bring
Territory wools are quiet and are yet quoted
on a scoured .basis of about 60c for choice lots
fine medium and fine. Fleece wools are quiet
and prices nominal.
.Territory wools, Montana and Dakota, fine
medium and ilne 22#23c, scoured 60@63c, staple
67<g68c: Utah and .Wyoming, fine medium and
fine 19@21c. scoured 60c, staple 65@67c; Idaho,
fine medium and fine 18®21c, scoured 60@61c,
medium 20® 23c, scoured 62©54 c.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices, comb-
Ing superfine, nominal, 83@95c; good, 88®90c;
average, 80@S5c
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. March 20.— At the wool auction
sales to-day 14,346 bales were offered. There
was a good attendance and the catalogues were
the largest of the series and were principally
New Zealand wools. The withdrawals were
large. A good selection of merinos and lots
suitable for America were actively competed
for. the bulk of the greasy lambs going to the
home trade and crossbreds to Yorkshire and
American representatives.
New' York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. March 20.— Considerable irregu
larity was developed in the market for metals
to-day. Copper was firm and 12% points higher,
Influenced by cables, which again showed an
advance in London. The close was firm at
$16 60. On the other hand tin ruled easier in
sympathy with weakness abroad, closing dull
at $31 62% bid and $32 asked, bid price being
37% points off from the previous close. Plglron'
warrants were quiet. Lead ruled quiet, clos
ing unchanged at $4 67% c bid and $4 72% c asked.
Spelter was quiet all day, closing unchanged.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 451 and lor cop-
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. March 20.— Clearings, $297,77»;
balances, $42,277.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. March 20.— There is nothing of
special Importance In -the local wheat market.
There is very little changing hands in Port
land. Fifty-three cents is about the lowest
quotation given on Walla Walla and 64c and
better has been paid where the wheat was
wanted for a special purpose; valley, 63®53Vic.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 20.— Wheat, quiet and un
changed. Club, 60% c; bluestem, 62%0.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. March 20.— Consols, 102 »-16; sliver,
27 11-16; French rentes, _101f 60e. Wheat car
goes off coast, quiet and' steady; cargoes No. 1
standard California, 29s 9d; Walla Walla,
28s 4%d. English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, March 20.— WHEAT— Firm ;
wheat in Paris, firm; flour In Paris, firm.
French country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 6 17-22 d.
. • CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. March 20.— WHEAT— Spot No.
1 spring Northern, firm, 6s 3d; futures, steady;
March, nominal; May, .6s 9<S»d; July, 6s 9d.
CORN— Spot. American mixed, new. quiet,
3a lO%d; old, steady, 8s ll%d; futures, quiet;
May, 3s 10% d: July, 3s lOd.
Continued on Page Eleven.
there la a decline of fully 1 shilling per ton
on Newcastle rates since the commencement
° CANNE^VEGETABLES-Peas. HOI 60; To-
m CANNED - FRUlTS— Cherries. •$2 40®3 for
black and white! Peaches. $1 65©1 90; Pears
tlMeiSO: Apricots. $1 25©1 70; Plums. $120®
1 COFFEE-Costa Rica— l4%@l6c for prime
washed! 12®14c for good washed. 15c nominal
for good to prime washed peaberry. : lie nomi
nal for good to prime : peaberry. 12c nominal
for good to prime. S@loc nominal for good cur
rent mixed with black beans. 9@10%c for me
dium to fair. 7&c nominal for common to or
dinary. Salvador-ll@l4c for good to prim
washed. 9%®lo*ic for fair washed 11® 13c fo.
good to prime washed peaberry. 9£SlOV4c for
good to prime semi-washed. »%eio>.io for su
perior unwashed. 9«9Uc for gooC green un
washed, 1014 c nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry, 6®7%c nominal for common
to ordinary. Nlcaragua-»®l6Hc for prime to
fancy washed, 9%@13c for fair to good washed.
9<g3'4c nominal. for good to superior unwashea.
10@101ic nominal for good to prime unwashed
ceaberry. Guatemala and Mexican— 14ff I. V3C
for prime to fancy washed, 12@13%c for strictly
good washed, ll@ll%c for good washed, 9HO
10% c for fair washed, B<@9V*c for medium. W
7%c for Inferior to ordinary. 11013 c for good to
prime washed peaberry. 10@10iic nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. 9@9%c nom
inal for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy. 2S«3Oc per'lb: Sole
Leather, medium. 26<g27c; Sole Leather, light.
26@27c; Rough Leather, heavy. 27®28c: Rough
Leather, light. 255?26c; Harness Leather, heavy.
32@33c; Harness Leather, medium, 30@32c; Har
ness Leather, light. 29<330c; Collar Leather. lo<g>
16c per foot: Kip, finished, 40@50c per lb; \eal.
finished. 50#55c; Calf, finished, 75c@$l 20; Sides,
finished. 16® 17c per foot: Belt Knife Splits, 14®
16c; Rough Splits, Bgloc per lb.
OlLS— California Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1.
75c; pure. $1 10; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
71c; raw, 69c; cases, 6c more: Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels. 69c; No. 1. 49c; cases.
5c more; China Nut, 61363 c per gallon; pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, 60c; cases, 65c: Sperm.
pure. 60c: Whale Oil. natural white, 32% c;
Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors, $1 25@1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2JJ
2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLENE. ETC.—Water
white Coal Oil. in bulk, 14c; Pearl Oil,' In
cases, 20c; Astral, 20c; Star. 20c; Extra Star
Oil, 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene, 22c: Deodorized
Gasoline, in bulk, 16c; do, cases, 22c: Benzine,
in bulk, 15% c: do, cases, 21% c; 86-degree Gaso
line, In bulk. 21c; cases. 27c per gallon.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candies— l 6 oz..
ll%c per set; 14 oz.. 10% c; 12 oz.. 9%c; 10 oz..
B%c; twelves. 12 oz. (hotel), 10'ic. Granite
Mining Candles— l 6 oz., 12@12>4c per set: 14 oz.,
ll@llHc; 12 oz.. lW4c; 10 0z.,-9Vic; twelves, 12
oz. (hotel), 10»ic. Parafflne Wax Candles— Ones.
14 oz., white, 1214 c per sef,-tw.os, 14 oz:. white,
1214 c: fours, 14 oz., white, 12% c: sixes. 14 oz..
white, m;c; twelves, 14 oz.. white, 12*£ c; col
ored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 7®7%c; Red Lead
and Litharge, 714@7%c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 78c; In Iron barrels,
72c; in wooden, barrels. 75c
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 660: raw, barrels,
64c: cases, 6c more.
QUICKSILVER— SSI 50 per flask for local use
and $46 50@47 50 for export. I
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany has advanced Its prices and now quotes,
per lb in 100-1 b bags: Cubes. A Crushed and
Fine Crushed. 5.60 c; Powdered, 5.60 c: Candy
Granulated, 5.20 c; Dry Granulated. 5.10 c; Con
fectioners' A. 5.10 c; Magnolia A. 4.70 c; Extra
C, 4.60 c; Golden C, 4.50 c; barrels. 10c more;
half-barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 bßrre!s or Its equivalent. Domlnos. half
barrels, 5.55 c; boxes, 6.10 c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $16@17; extra sizes, higher: Red
wood.sl7@lB for No. 1 and $15<g16 for No. 2;
Lath. 4 feet. $3 5004; Pickets. $18; Shingles.
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Shakes.
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $21@27.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. MARCH 20.
Flour, qr sks 30,26€|W001, bags 107
Wheat, ctls ID.BIO Hay. tons 237
Barley, ctls 4,1W Leather, rolls 52
Rye. ctls.... 72 Shorts, sks 45
Cheese, ctls 66 Potatoes, sks 2,138
Butter, ctls 670 Onions, sks 306
Tallow, ctls 472 Bran, sks 1.995
Quicksilver, flsks 23 Middlings, sks.... 450
Hides. No 323 Eggs, doz 43.980
Pelts, bdls 13S Wine, gala 36,200
Chicory, bbls 7
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks..'... .I.o2o; Potatoes, 5ka..... K2
Oats, ctls 1,0351..
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.'
Wheat— Mar. : ; May. "July.
Opening ...._ 5 9% 5 914
Closing ...... 5 9% . 59
PARIS. ' V ¦¦:
. Wheat— Mar. May-Aug.
Opening .....19 90 20 SO
Closing :.v. 19 95 20 80'
Flour —
Opening; ...........*. 26 W 26 90
Closing .'. 28 95 26 90
1 Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. March 20.— Special cable and
telegraphic - communications - to Bradstreet's
show the following change In available < sup
plies from last week: s ... ¦¦ . . . : . -.-
Wheat— United States and Canada, cast ! of
the Ro-klas. decrease.- 1.528.000 bushels: Liver
pool Corn Trade News. -afloat for and in Eu-
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
LOCAL MARKETS
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2J.
Sales of stocks and bonds were active on
the morning session. Spring Valley Water de
clined to $97 25 and Giant Powder advanced to
$81. Contra Costa Water opened higher at
$67. but fell back to it*.
Business was quieter in the afternoon and
prices little change.
The olrVstocks were dull and featureless, as
usual. .. - - - i
The following stocks were ex-divldend: Cali
fornia Fruit Canners" Association. 60 cents per
share, $16,5.13 ; California Powder Company, $1
per share, $15,000; Central Light and Power
Company. 5 cents per share, $3100; Home Oil
Company. 7% cents per share, $7500; Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company, 25 cents per share,
$23,000; Spring Valley Water Company, 42 cents
per share, $sS.SOO.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. Morning Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 66 25
15 Contra Costa Water 66 00
150 Contra Costa Water *...'...:. .~..:;.~. 68 60
10 Contra Costa Water 68 62%
20 Giant Powder Con go 00
35 Giant Powder Con 80 62H
5 Giant Powder Con. 80 87%
5 Giant Powder ConT^cash 81 00
25 Honokaa Sugar Co St 50
200 Honokaa Sugar Co 3162%
100 Makaweli Sugar Co 43 00
15 Market Street Railway 62 87%
$5000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s llfi 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 23 60
$3000 Park & Cliff House 6s ...105 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 25
5 Spring Valley Water 97 50
1 Spring Valley Water .". 97 75
170 Spring Valley Water 97 23
$2000 Spring Valley,4s (2d m0rtg).........i04 12%
Street—, v
< 50 Contra Costa Water, s 90 67 00
' 10 Contra Costa Water ..."..."..... 67 12%
60 Equitable Gas 3 %-¦&
60 Equitable Gas 4 00
Afternoon ' Session.
Board —
10 Contra Costa Water 66 87V4
10 Giant Powder Con 81 m n
• 15 Hutchinson S P Co 26 33
125 Makaweli Sugar Co 43 m
40 Makaweli Sugar Co 45 i*\>
15 Market Street Railway 63 i*u
20 Market Street Railway, b 5... 63 iiu.
100 Market . Street Rai1way. ..'.......-..... 63 ?-.
10 S F Gas & Electric C 0..: 53 25
$3000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6s. s 90 ....11l CO
45 Spring Valley Water ....:...}... 97 1211
10 Vlgorit Powder" 3 00
- :•: • = Street—
$1000 Spring Valley 6s m 50
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
. Board —
100 Barker Ranch '. 115
400 Anaconda ...... 50
v PRODUCER'S OIL EXCHANGE. ' *
; ¦ ,'•• •"--"¦ Morning Session.
?. ¦* .' Board— -¦--¦„¦-. ¦ ¦
200 Caribou ........ ......: go
"'¦,': :¦ '- ". ":¦ Afternoon Session. >
. . Board — -
800 Anaconda ............. ",^./..;..... .*„... go
100 Barker Ranch -i 15
10 Blue Goose ......;.. ~. ;. 20 00
¦V- Caribou ..;.'...."...;... .....;....„. &">
¦ 75 Home OH 3 70
TUESDAY, March 20—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask.
¦ US Bonds —
4s quar coup.. 114% —
4s quar.reg... — • 114%
4s quar new. .136 —
3s quar coup.. llo% —
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 85..H7 —
C C Wat 55... 105% —
Ed L &.P 65. .129 —
F & Cl Ry 65. .114 115
Geary-st R ss. — 95
H C & S 5%5.105 110
Do 6s ...106% —
L A Ry 5s 105% —
L A LCo 55.. — —
Do gntd 65.. — —
Do gntd 55.-. — 103
L A & P R 65.102%102X
Market-st 65 :..-»- —
Do Ist M 55.. 116% —
N C N G R 75.106.
N R of Cal 65.H3»4 —
N R of Cal 58.11614 —
N P C R R 68.104 • —
N P C R R 5a.106 107
N C R R 55. ...109 —
Oak GL&H 58.108% —
Oak Tran 65. ..112 —
Oak W Co 55. .105 —
Oceanic S Co.. 105 105«4
Om C Ry 65... 1274128
P & Cl Ry 65.. 104% —
Pk &O Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 68.117 —
Sac LG&R 6s. 90 —
S F & SJV 58.117% —
S R of Cal 65. 113% —
S P of A 65. ...11 l —
S P C 6s (1905). Ill —
Do (1906) ....112 113
Do (1912) .... — —
'Do Ist eg 'ss. — —
S .P Br 6s 127%128%
S V Water 65.114 —
Do 4s 104 104%
S V W 45(3dm)102% —
Stktn Gas 65.. 100 104
Water Stocks —
'Contra Costa.. 66% 67
Marln County. — —
Spring Valley. 97% —
• - Gas & Electric-
Cent G L Co.. — —
Cent L & P... — 4%
Bld.Ask.
Eqult G L Co. 3% 4%
Mutual El C 0.11% 12
OG L & H.... 46 49
Pac Gas Imp.. 54 : 55
Pac LCo 44 —
S F G & E 53 —
San Francisco. 4<4 4%
Stkn G&ECo 10 —
Insurance —
Flrem's Fund.227 •< — ' .
Bank Stocks —
Anglo-Cal Ltd. — 19
Bank of Ca1. ..405 —
Cal S D A T..100% —
First Natlonal.2so 290
Lon P & A. ...130 —
Merchants Ex. 14 —
Nev Nat 8k... — — .
Savings Banks —
Ger S & L..1500 ; —
Hum S & L. — —
Mut Say Bk. 45 —
S F Say U.. 510 ' —
Say & L- So. 74 7S
Sec Say Bk. — —
Unian T Co. — —
Street Railroads— ¦
California HMil2l%
Geary-st ...... 50 —
Market-st Ry. 631 ; 63%
O S L & H.... 50
Presidio ....... 15% —
Powder Stocks-
California :...150 160
Giant Con Co.. SI 81%
Vigorlt ........ 3% 3%
Sugar Ftocks —
Hana S P Co. 8% 9
Haw C&SCo 88 90
Honokaa S Co 31% 31* i
Hutch S P Co. 26 —
Kilauea S Co. 21% 21%
Makaweli S Co 45% —
Onomea S Co.. 2S 28%
Paauhau S Co. 23% —
Miscellaneous — -
Al Pack AssnllB 119%
Cal Fruit Aan.loo 101%
Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Oceanic S Co.. — IS
Pac A F A.... » —
Pac C Bor Co. 149 —
Par Paint Co.. 10 —
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sugar marked up. r
Silver and Exchange as before.
Only one disengaged wheat ship in port.
Wheat futures advanced. Spot prices unchanged.
Rather more demand for Oats. Barky, Corn and Rye dull.
Bran and Middlings firm and Hay zveak.
Beans and Seeds unchanged. ,
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
Butter and Cheese zveak and Eggs demoralized.
Poultry weakening under free supplies. Game lower.
Receipts of Strawberries increasing.
Oranges in good demand and steady. ,
Lemons and Limes unchanged.
A few narrow changes in Provisions.
Dried Fruit in better demand. Nuts and Raisins dull
Wool and Hops nominal. *Hides declining again.
No further change in Meats.
Oils as previously quoted.
Mexican dollars. 47% c. - Government bonds,
weak; State bonds, steady; railroad bonds. Ir
regular.
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON. March 20.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury, general
fund, exclusive of the 3150,000.000 gold reserve.
In the division of redemption shows: Available
cash balance, $158,567,390; gold, 897.857,050.
London Market.
NEW YORK. March 20.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram, says:
There was considerable Increase In . the busi
ness In the markets here, although It was
mainly professional. Still, the public Is thought
to be waking up at last. The general , tone was
good. Consols were up on one closing of Dig
bear commitments and Paris buying. The war
loan sold at 2 3-16 premium and 4 per cant is
talked of. . - ¦ . .
American were good all day. although not
brink. London bought Baltimore and Ohio and
Union Pacific, while New York supported the
rise which the Morgan stocks started.
Paris keeps Tlntos firm, but New Yory allows
Anacondas to droop. The ban? bought £62.000
gold in bars and lost £10,000 for an unstated
Washington call.
Money was easier. Less than half the amount
due the bank was repaid, but money was more
plentiful.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 98%: Union Paclflo pre
ferred, 77%: Northern Pacific preferred, 77;
Atchlson, 24%; Grand Trunk. 8%; Anaconda,
9%. Bar silver, steady, 27 11-16 d per ounce.
AUCTION SALES
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAECH 21, 1900.
COMMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
slHBoad, Work and Draft Dorses— so
£* - at. fe
EMPORIUM HORSE MARKET,
220 VALENCIA STREET,
FRIDAY. March 23. at 11 a. m..
By order of O. W. WELBY. we will sell all
the horses and mares from his ranch, consist-
ing of the get of Diablo. Arrion. Tennesorlan.
Yukon. Imp. Partlzen: also some fine draft
horses and mares.
Parties wanting horses should. come and ex-
amine this stock, as he has spared no expense
in raising them and offers for sale the finest
lot of driving and work horses ever offered at
auction without reserve. Horses at yard Thurs-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
Office. 327 Sixth street.
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the Ban Fraa
clsco Stock and Exchange Board .yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Alta 07|
200 Belcher 33|
300 Best & Belcher. 40
200 Bullion Osj
200 Chollar 2fj
2CO Con Cal & Va..l 70
100 Con Imperial... 02
200 Crown Point... 15
200 Gould & Curry, la
500 Kentuck 03
400 Ophir IS
300 Overman ....... 23
100 Potosl 25
300 Seg Belcher «&
600 Sierra Nevada. 53
*» Silver Hill it
200 Union Con 2-1
300 Utah U
Afternoon Session.
SOO Alpha 05
100 Alta 07j
200 Andes 1*
300 Belcher S2|
500 Best 4 Belcher. 40
50 Caledonia 1 35
600 Chollar 25
200 Chollar ..... 28
200 Con Cal & Va-.l 73
300 Crown Point... 16
400 Gould & Curry. 20
ICO Hale & Norcrs. 3j>
1000 Justice 11
{ 900 Kentuck .'. 01
• 600 Mexican 2$
100 Ophlr 87
350 Overman SO
soo Potost :a
IPOO Seg Belcher C 6
; 700 Silver Hill 14
, 500 Sliver Hill 15
1 li>» St Louis 0»
2t» Utah 13
300 Yellow Jacket.. 20
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
300 Belcher 33
200 Best & Belcher. 41
800 Con Cal & V.I 72*4
700 Con Cal & V...1 75
700 Con New York. 04
500 Crown Point... 16
500 Crown Point... 15,
ICOO Exchequer • 04
15* Gould & Curry. 20
200 Hale & Norcrs. 29"J
504 Justice 11 j
600 Justice 101
200 Ophlr »
330 Ophlr 87%
600 Ophlr 87
400 Ophlr 85
200 Overman 29
200 Overman 2S
500 Savage 19
500 Se* Belcher.... OS
500 Sierra Nevada. 59
WOO Silver Hill 11
500 Silver Hill 14
Afternoon Session.
600 Alta 07;
300 Belcher Ml
200 Challenge Con.. 23
200 Chollar 28
400 Con Cal * V...1 75
500 Con Cal & V.I 77%
600 Crown Point... 16
100 Crown Potnt... 15
3W Gould & Curry. 19
SOOO Justice 10
1500 Kentuek ....._ 01
309 Mexican —..... 29
200 Occidental IS
400 Ophlr ........... 8T
300 Overman ....... 31
200 Overman ....... 30
100 Silver Hill 14
200 Utah 12
300 St Louis U
Time Ball.
Branch HydrcgTaphlo Office, U. S. Iff.. Mer
' chants' Exchange, San Francisco. CaX.
March 20. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of - the 120 th meridian, or at f
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKTX3.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.." In charge.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
tha height of tide Is the same at both places.
NEW YORK, March 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
37,029 barrels: exports, 390 barrels; sales; 5000
packages. Market dull and easy.
WHEAT— Receipts, 124.800 bushels; exports,
111,233 bushels; sales, 1.100.000 bushels futures;
450.000 export. Spot— Market steady; No. 2 red.
77%e elevator; No. 2 red. 79%0 f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 Northern, 79% c; No. 1 hard, 81% c afloat.
Options — Opened steady on cold weather West,
but sold off under weak cables and. an excep
tionally dull trade. They continued easy until
the last hour, when reports of a good export
trade caused a rally and the market closed
firm at He net advance. No. 2 red March
closed 76% c: May. 72%@73%c, closed 73% c; July
closed 73\ic; September closed 73% c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull. v,
COFFEE— Options closed 6 to 10 points lower,
steady; sales 10,000 bags. Including: March,
$6 SOtrC S5; May. tC 75; July. $6 75; September.
$6 60; October, 36 90; December, 17 10; February,
J7 25.
Spot coffee — Rio, nominal; No. 7 invoice. 8%
(gs'sc; No. 7 Jobbing, 8%@8%c; mild, quiet;
Cordova, 9%®14c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; refined, strong.
BUTTER— Receipts. 10,017 packages; firm.
Western creamery, 20@25c; factory, 17%@20e.
EGGS— Receipts, 9136 packages; firm. West
ern at mark, 16c; Southern at mark, 14V£®16c.
DRIED FRUITS.
There was very little doing in exaporated
apples to-day. The market, however, showed a
weak undertone most of the day on liberal of
ferings and larger receipts. But Influences In
the wa> of favorable country advices served to
check any decline and the market closed steady
at unchanged prices. A small Jobbing business
was In progress for California dried fruits at
old prices.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4H<65%c: prime, «66Hc; choice, 7Q7%c; fancy,
n»©s%c
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%<j|7c.
APRICOTS-Royal. 13@16e; Moorpark. 15©18 c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 18O22c: unpeeled, 7%@9c.
Sun rises.. ..4.... ......6:11
Sun 5et5.................................... 6:23
Moon ri5e5.. ........................... p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are glren In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column th» third tlda
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day. except when thara are but
three tides, as sometime* occurs. Th« heights
riven are In addition to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, axeept
when & minus sign (— > precedes tha height,
and then th« number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plans of
reference 1o the mnn of the lower low water*.
CHICAGO, March 20.— Early trading In wheat
was marked by considerable liquidation. Cables
were lower at the opening and continued to
decline, which, • with the continued large re
ceipts in the Northwest and the absence of
foreign demand, left the market practically
without support. May opened unchanged at
C6%@66>4c. Pressure to liquidate, which soon
became quite general, forced the price back
to 66Vic. Below this point, however, the bears
could not force the market and shortly before
11 o'clock a good demand sprang up, local
shorts and outsiders giving support to the mar
ket and advancing the price to 66% c. This
demand satisfied the market again relapsed
into a condition of heaviness with the price
fluctuating within a narrow range. During the
last hour of trading strength again developed.
The visible decreased 1,328,000 bushels, which
was more than expected. This stiffened the
market appreciably and when the seaboard
reported an Improved foreign demand the mar
ket became quite brisk. May reaching the
best point of the day. 66% c, at which, price
the market closed eteady.
Corn was dull and inclined to weakness,
prices ruling a little lower. News was such
as not to materially Influence prices and the
market was controlled by scalpers. May closed
»ie lower.
Oats showed no indications of recovering
from Its present stagnation. Speculative busi
ness was Insignificant. May closed a shade
lower.
Provisions were active, the market at times
being In a semi-panicky condition so far as
pork was concerned and the price of that
commodity covered a wide range. Small stocks
of pork, the continued advance in the price of
hops and fear that a corner might be at
tempted brought about a strong buying move
ment shortly after the opening and as the
price went skyward shorts tumbled over them
selves In their eagerness to cover. The price
advanced 50c In a very few minutes. Their
offerings became liberal and the market fell
a great deal faster than it had advanced, 1 20 c
being clipped off quickly. Another flurry
chopped off 30c more, but before the close con
fidence had been restored and the price again
advanced to about yesterday's closing figures.
Late in the session there was ' considerable
selling put on lard and ribs and those com
modities suffered in consequence, pork also
weakening somewhat. The close was rather
nervous with May pork 2%c lower, May lard
7%c lower and May ribs 7V4c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat" No. 2—
March 65% 65%
May :... 66% 66% 86% 66%
July 67% ' «7% 67 67%
Corn No. 2—
March .... .... .... 35%
May *7% 17% 37% . 37%
July 87% 37% 87% 37%
September 88% 38% 38% 88%
Oats, No. 2—
May 24% 24% 24- 24'
July 23 23 22% *J
Mess Pork, per barrel— .
May..'. 1140 11 M 11 81% 11 40
July 1122% 1135 11 12% 11 15 ¦
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 6 12% 6 12% (02% 605
July 6 20- 6 22% 6 12% (12%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May 615 • 6 17% 6 07% 610
July 6 17% 620 610 6 12%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,'
dull; No. 3 spiinr wheat, 62®66c; No. 2 red.
68% c: No. 2 corn, 36% c: No. 2 white. 26%®27c;
No. 3 white. 26®26<4c; No. 2 rye. 55ig!55%c: No.
2 barley, 37 g 43c : No. 1 flaxseed. 31 68; prime
timothy seed, $2 45; mees pork. ¦ per barrel,
310 £o@ll 42%; lard, per 100 pounds, 35 85®6;
short ribs sides (loose), JG@« 25; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). 6%@>6%c; short clear sides
(boxed). 36 3006 40: whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, 31 24%. Sugars— Cut loaf, 6c;
granulated, 6.440.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 90.000 .60,000
Wheat, bushels .....13,000 48,000
Corn, bushels ... .....824,000 '179.000
Oats, bushels 394.000 186,000
Rye. bushels 6.000 . 5,000
Barley, bushels 101,000 11.000
On the Produce Exchange the butter market
was eteady; creamery. 195?24c; dairy. 16®22c.
Cheese, firm, 12©13 c. Eggs, steady; fresh, ISo.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. March 20.
Stmr Pomona. Alexander. CU days from Saa
s'tmr South Portland. Hall. 105 hours from
Oy-iter Harbor. , . _
Stmr Signal. Bendegaard. 46 hours from Coos
EkIV - ii
Stmr North Fork. Bash, 22 hours from Eu
re sfmr Colon. Macklnnon. 19 days from Pa
?^X?% stmr Hugh McCulloch. Coulson, from a
%-ulse.- -'.'v *- •'•
• Ship Eclipse. Peterson, lo days from Tacoma,
via Clallam Bay 8% days.
Ship Louis Walsh. Gammons, 21 d*ys from
Bark Levl O Burgees. Younggren. S% days
from Taconia. .'.'/ - ',11
Haw bark Andrew W elch. Drew. 22 days from
Hllo.
Bktn Monitor. Forrest. 14 days from Grays
Harbor. •
Bktn Tarn o' Shanter. Patterson. 7 days from
Columbia River.
Brig Tanner. Brannan. 25 days from Quarter
master Harbor.
Schr Albion. Goodmansen. S days from Co
qullle River.
Schr Sailor Boy. Nlelson. 12 days from Port
Hadlock. ......
Schr Una. Harklns. 13 days from Tacoma.
CLEARED.
V '••-¦¦ ¦ Tuesday. March JO.
Stmr . Orizaba, Parsons. Eurekar Qoodail.
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Wellington. ' Sahnond. Chemainus: R
Dunsmulr Eons Co.
Br ship Ancyra. Stuart. Queenstowa; master.
8
New York Grain and Produce.
O Tim* Time Time Time
• Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
?HW I, W HW L.W
iTT.. 1:45 5.S 8:4« 0.5 4:04 4.0 8:27 ' 3.9
>2 ... 2:26 5.2 9:44 0.5 5:11 4.0 9:33 S.S
» ... 1:20 6.1 10:47 0.4 «:H 4.1 10:55 S.I
!4 ... 4:31 5.0 11:52 0.4 7:15 ' 4.4 .......;...
. L. W. H "W L "W H W
!5 ..'. 0:14 3.2 5:51 5.0 12:51 0.4 »:02 4.«
!« ... 1:21 «2.T 7:11 6.1 I:4S 0.4 8:45 i.<i
•7 ... 2:19 2.1 8:14 5.2 2:37 0.5 9:25 5.3
Steamer. I From. I Dua,
Steamer.
From.
State California Portland Mar. 21
Coos Bay Newport. _..__.. Mar. 23
Point 'Arena Point Arena M Mar. 23
Washtenaw ;... Tacoma Mar. 23
Aloha Crescent City Mar. 23
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 23
Hongk'ns Maru China and Japan Mar. 23
Samoa iHumboldt Mar. 23
Orizaba (Humboldt Mar. 23
Corona ISan Die*o _ Mar. 24
Tellus Oyster Harbor Mar. 24
Czarina Puset Sound _.. Mar. 24
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 24
"Willamette .... Seattle .....;........ Mar. 24
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 25
Bristol Oyster Harbor Mar. 25
Crescent City... Crescent City....... Mar. 23
Robt. Adamson Nanalmo Mar. 23
Bonita Newport..- Mar. 2»
Oeo. W. Elder. Fortland Mar. !«
Australia Honolulu _. Mar. 27
Curacao iMeTtlco .'. Mar. 27
North Pork IHumbnldt. Mar. 23
Pomona [San Dleso Mar. 2*
Queen ...I Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. H
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Arcata Coos 8ay .;....
Marlpcsa .. Kvdnaf.
Iy. Marlscal MexlcW^
Pomona — San Dlero
Walla Wall Vie & Put 3d.
Gaelic Chlna&Japan
Nortl> Fork Humboldt I
Hathor .... Hamburg I
Car'th'shlr Chlna&Japan'
State of Cal Portland
Coos Bay... Newport
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena..
Samoa Humboldt
Orizaba .... Humboldt
Corona San Dltgo
Umatllla .. Vie & Tgt Sd.
Bonlta Newport
Colon Panama.
Columbia .. Portland
Mar. 21. 13 m P!«r 13
Mar. 21. Spm Pier 7
Mar. 21. 12 m Pier 13
Mar. 23. 11 am Pier 11
Mar. 23. 10 am Pier »
Mar. 23. Ipm PMSS
Mar. 23. 9am Pier I
Mar. 23. 10 am Pier 7
Mar. 23. 10 am Pier 27
Mar. 24. 10 am Pier :t
Mar. 24. »am Pier 11
Mar. 24. 2pm Pier 2
Mar. 25. 10 am Pier 13
Mar. 25. tpm Pier »
Mar. 28. U am Pier 11
Mar. 27. 10 am Pier 9
Mar. 28. 9am Pier XX
Mar. 28. 12 m PMSS
Mar. CT. 10 amlPler U
O Tim* Time Time Time
• Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
?HW I, W HW L.W
iTT.. 1:45 5.S 8:4« 0.5 4:04 4.0 8:27 ' 3.9
>2 ... 2:26 5.2 9:44 0.5 5:11 4.0 9:33 S.S
» ... 1:20 6.1 10:47 0.4 «:H 4.1 10:55 S.I
!4 ... 4:31 5.0 11:52 0.4 7:15 ' 4.4 .......;...
. L. W. H "W L "W H W
!5 ..'. 0:14 3.2 5:51 5.0 12:51 0.4 »:02 4.«
!« ... 1:21 «2.T 7:11 6.1 I:4S 0.4 8:45 i.<i
•7 ... 2:19 2.1 8:14 5.2 2:37 0.5 9:25 5.3
Steamer. I From. I Dua,
Steamer.
From.
State California Portland Mar. 21
Coos Bay Newport. _..__.. Mar. 23
Point 'Arena Point Arena M Mar. 23
Washtenaw ;... Tacoma Mar. 23
Aloha Crescent City Mar. 23
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 23
Hongk'ns Maru China and Japan Mar. 23
Samoa iHumboldt Mar. 23
Orizaba (Humboldt Mar. 23
Corona ISan Die*o _ Mar. 24
Tellus Oyster Harbor Mar. 24
Czarina Puset Sound _.. Mar. 24
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 24
"Willamette .... Seattle .....;........ Mar. 24
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 25
Bristol Oyster Harbor Mar. 25
Crescent City... Crescent City....... Mar. 23
Robt. Adamson Nanalmo Mar. 23
Bonita Newport..- Mar. 2»
Oeo. W. Elder. Fortland Mar. !«
Australia Honolulu _. Mar. 27
Curacao iMeTtlco .'. Mar. 27
North Pork IHumbnldt. Mar. 23
Pomona [San Dleso Mar. 2*
Queen ...I Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. H
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Arcata Coos 8ay .;....
Marlpcsa .. Kvdnaf.
Iy. Marlscal MexlcW^
Pomona — San Dlero
Walla Wall Vie & Put 3d.
Gaelic Chlna&Japan
Nortl> Fork Humboldt I
Hathor .... Hamburg I
Car'th'shlr Chlna&Japan'
State of Cal Portland
Coos Bay... Newport
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena..
Samoa Humboldt
Orizaba .... Humboldt
Corona San Dltgo
Umatllla .. Vie & Tgt Sd.
Bonlta Newport
Colon Panama.
Columbia .. Portland
Mar. 21. 13 m P!«r 13
Mar. 21. Spm Pier 7
Mar. 21. 12 m Pier 13
Mar. 23. 11 am Pier 11
Mar. 23. 10 am Pier »
Mar. 23. Ipm PMSS
Mar. 23. 9am Pier I
Mar. 23. 10 am Pier 7
Mar. 23. 10 am Pier 27
Mar. 24. 10 am Pier :t
Mar. 24. »am Pier 11
Mar. 24. 2pm Pier 2
Mar. 25. 10 am Pier 13
Mar. 25. tpm Pier »
Mar. 28. U am Pier 11
Mar. 27. 10 am Pier 9
Mar. 28. 9am Pier XX
Mar. 28. 12 m PMSS
Mar. CT. 10 amlPler USLEEPS NOW.
Quit Drug Coffee and Uses Postum
Cereal Coffee.
"While on a visit to a relative in New
Hampshire, who runs a fruit farm, I
found on the supper table what appeared
to be a strong cup of coffee. I usually
drank tea at night and they knew it, but
asked me to try the coffee, saying it was
Postu:n Food Coffee, and the reason
they served it was that they found when
they got up early in the summer morn-
ings and drank a cup of coffee to brace
up on they generally had a headache or
tick stomach along about noon, and that
their grocer persuaded them some time
before my visit to try Postum Food
Coffee. After a week's trial they adopt-
ed' it for the family, and had never re-
turned to the ordinary coffee, saying
that it had worked a wonderful change
in all of them — no more sick headaches,
no more sick stomachs.
"For two weeks I used Postum, and
when I returned to Boston I banished
tea and coffee from the table forever.
My complexion has made a decided
change for the better, and it poes with-
out saying that I feel greatly benefited.
My njghts are not sleepless now, as they
were when I was a coffee drinker.
M. E. Curtis, Canterbury St., Boston-
Mass."
COACH KELLY.
BERKELEY, March 20.— Addison W.-
Kelly, familiarly known as "King"
Kelly, has accepted the University
of California's offer to coach the
football squad next term and will assume
his. duties about September 16. Kelly is
the best available man and as he was
assistant coach last year to Garrett Coch
ran he is thoroughly familiar with the
conditions at Berkeley. The football men
were very anxious that Kelly accept the
offer and as he has the confidence of .the
student body the football outlook is very
bright. "¦¦ ' ¦¦¦¦¦¦.-¦'¦ . -
W. A.' Shuey, f potball manager, who
was'reported to have resigned, has writ-,
ten a communication to the. students
stating that if a graduate manager is to
be installed It should be done Immediately
and in that case he will resign. \ •
BEADY TO JUMP
AND SPRINT ON
BERKELEY OVAL
Athletes of the Academic
League Expect to Lower
Records.
For the sixth year the young athletes
of the Academic League will meet on Sat
urday for their spring field day. The
grounds of the University of California at
Berkeley will be the scene of the meeting
and a new series of league records will
probably be established. The general re
vival In sports of the field is indicated by
the entries, the largest number ever re
ceived for one of these meetings. The
young sprinters and jumpers are training
i faithfully to the end that they may carry
to victory the colors of the schools they
represent. The complete entry follows:
; One hundred yard daah. grammar school—
1 Golcher, 3lohrig. Lundy, Baldwin, Ryan. San
; Francisco; Poehlman. Petaluma.
' One hundred yard dash— First heat: Asblll.
Lowell; Hamilton, Palo Alto; Staples, Belmont;
i Kinssland, St. Matthews. Second heat: Ligda,
Oakland; Thurston, Polytechnic; Costello. Peta
luma; McConneU. St. Matthews. Third heat:
Hart, Lowell: Hartley. Berkeley; Lansing. Bsl
mont; Merrill, St. Matthews; Veach, Central
Higtx School. Fourth heat: Dunker. Polytech
nic; Yolz, Berkeley; Sefton. Belmont; Kern,
Lick School; Ualt, Central.
Quarter mile — Cheek and Howard, O. H. S. ;
Thomson and Wyckoff. U. H. S. ; whalley and
Hannigan. L. H. S. : Zobelein. Staples and
Straus. Belmont; White, Central; O'N'ell and
Howard, Petaluma; Smith, JNier and Miller, St.
Matthews; Kern, C. S. Ji. A.; Hamilton. P. A.
H. S. ; Templeman and Asburn. P. H. S.
One hundred and twenty yard, hurdle —
Thomas and Weller, U. H. S.. and Barkan.
Lowell.
Eight hundred and eighty yard dash— Hall.
A. U. A.; Smilie, Whitman and Westall. Oak
land; Holman and Dutton, U. H. S.; Vorubrgb.
McPherson and Groom, L. H. S. ; Boothe fist
and Levy. Belmont; Healy. P. H. S.; Smith and
Armstrong. St. Matthews; Graves and Mat
thewson, P. H. S. ; Jones, C H. S. ; Dobbins.
Linscott and Stoner. B. H. 6.
Two hundred and twenty yard dash— First
heat: Aablll, L. H. S.; White, C. H. S.; Mer
rill, S. M. S.; Coetello, Pet. H. S.; Boothe. Bel
mont. Second heat: Reddlck, L. H. S.-; Gait.
C. H. S.; Boettlger. B.H. S.; Xier, S. M. S. :
Lansing, Belmont. Third heat: Wllcox, O. H.
S. ; Veach. C. H. S.; Tonl. S. H. S.; O'Netl. Pet.
H. S. Fourth heat: Thomson. U. H. S. ;
Greene, P.- H. S. ; McConnell, S. M. S. ; Sefton,
Belmont.
Two hundred and twenty yard hurdle — First
heat: Ruat. O. H. S.; Brown, U. H. S.;
Kruschke. B. H. S. Second heat— Thomas, U.
H. S. ; Barkan. L. H. S. ; Straus, Belmont.
Third heat: Finne, U. H. S.; Cator. B. U. A.;
J. Hartley. B. H. S.
. One mile nin-r-Martln, C H. S. ; Klnley, S. R.
H. S.: Larkln. M. T. If. A.; Graves and Mat
thewson, P. H. S.; Pickett. B. U. A.; Cople.
C. S. M. A.; Lunt and Armstrong, S. M. S. ;
Healy and Howard. Pet.; Hooper. - Belmont;
McNlchol and McPhereon, L. H. S. ; Holman,
Wyckoff and Dutton, U. H. S. : Stalder. Westall
and Clouzh. O. H. S.; Linscott, Dobbins and
Harrison, B. H. S. ;
M'.le relay— Berkeley, Polytechnic. Oakland
and Lowell. Teams of six men. -
Field events: Pole vault— Rust and ¦ Westall.
O. H. S.; Thomas and Henley. U. H. S.;
McPherson, L.. H. S. ; McDougal. B«L ; Kin?.
B. U. A.: Templeman. P. H. 8.; Klnley. 6. R.
H. .S. ; Shlpman. C. H. S.
High Jump — Shipman. C. H. S. ; Waas, P. H.
S. ; - McDouzal. Zobelein and Staples. Bel. ;
Hannigan and Groom. L. H. 8.; Henley and
Finnle. U. H. S.; Cheek. O. H. S.; Kruschke.
B. H. S.
Hammer throw — Howard. Whitman and Stal
der. O. H. S. : Nuckolls, Brown and Weller,
V. H. S.; Wballey. L. H. S.; Osborn. P. H.
S. ; Hinds, Connors and Echus. C. H. S.;
Stoner. B. H. S.
Broad Jump — White and Echus. C. H. S.;
Minor. M. T. M. A.; Thureton. P. H. S.: Lunt.
McConnell and Armstrong, S. M. S.; Costel'.o.
Pet.; Clough. Wilcox and Smiley. O. H. S.:
Kern. C. S. M. A.; Boothe and McDougal, Bel
mont; Vosburgh and Hart. L. 11. S.; Henley
and Weller. U. H. S.: Zt. Hartley and Dobbins,
B. H. S..
Shot put, twelve-pound— Echus, Hinds and
Connors, C. H. a ; Dunker. P. H. S. ; Hatch
and Coombs, B. U. A.; Klngsland and Menlll,
S. M<- S.; Asblll and Reddlck. U H. S.; Nuck
olls anJ Brown, U." H. S. ; Llgda. O. H. S. ;
Kelsey, C. S. M. A.^Hawley and Volz. B. H. S.
The officials In whose charge the meet-
Ing has been placed are: Referee, William
Greer Harrison; starter, Phil Wand;
judges at finish. C. A. Cantwell. E. W. De
coto, Alex Pape and J..A. Hammersmith;
timers. Dr. T. D. Wood, George Thomp
son, Fred Wolf, P. D. Skillman and H.
Smith; field judges. R/ Woolsey, W. P.
Drum, Harry' Erwln and Captain Boyd:
Inspectors, A. Cadogan, M. Walsh, B.
Townsend and F. L. Caughey; measurers,
J. Gendotti. H. C. Adams, P. K. Rauch.
A. C. Blumenthal; clerk of course, H. A.
Keeler; assistants, R. Simonds, B. Moul
der, E. C. Foster, C. Harris; marshals. H.
Folsy, C. Gar. G. Williams. R. McMahon;
announcer. F. M. Cattell; scorer, A..M.
Heger. ~ ~- "W'-V
British Admiral Dies.
i NAPLES. March ».— Admiral Sir Henry
Fairfax. British : commander : In chief . at
Plymouth, died •¦ her© to-day.
Vedantic Philosophy.
6 warn! Vivekananda, the Hindoo ex
ponent of the Vedantic school; of philos
ophy, delivered last evening the first of a
series of lectures upon the elements of the
system -be represents. His subject was
"Nature and Man." It was an abstruse
treatise on the origin of the spocles and
the development or the human mind. He
will lecture next Friday night on "Soul
and God," and next Tuesday night his
subject will be "The Goal." His lectures
are being delivered at 320 Post street. .-
Sudden Death of George Mearns.
George Mearne, a searcher of records,
waa found dead at 3:30 o'clock yesteni«\y
afternoon at 425 Montgomery street by M.
G. McCUnton. The deceased was a native
of Scotland. 76 years old and resided wltn
his , family. at 1412 Octavia street. Heart
disease is supposed to have been the cause
of death. ¦
POSTUM CEKEAX.
Speedway Horsemen Meet.
The members of the Golden Gate Park
Driving Association met last night and
perfected arrangements for the first races
of the Eeason on Saturday .over the park
speedway. Superintendent McLaren has
promised that the track will be in first
class condition for the occasion. This is
the first of a. series of bi-monthly races
which will culminate in the big open
meeting at Oakland track on Decoration
day. It is expected that these matinee
races will prepare both the horses and
their drivers for the warmer competition
which the open meeting will develop.
E. Hinkel, J. M. Eva and Leo Nolan
were elected members of the association
last night
"JACK" WELCH CHOSEN
TO REFEREE THE BOUT
Will Be the Third Man in the Bin g
With Neill and McConnell— Neill
Is Favorite. • .
"Jack" Welch has been selected to
referee the Nelll-McConnell boxing bout
to-morrow night before the Columbia
Athletic Club in Woodward's Pavilion.
The principals and the club officials met
last night and experienced no difficulty in
deciding upon the man from the Potrero
for the important position of referee.
Betting has begun in earnest at Harry
Corbett's with Neill favorite at odds of
10 to 8. There is 1 plenty .of McConnell
money in sight, - which means the odds
may take a decided turn before the men
enter the ring. In the rautuels the boxers
are in ' almost equal demand, only three
more tickets 1 having been written on-Nelll
than on McConnell. . , '
There will be two ' preliminary bouts,
each of ten rounds duration. Th© boxers
in these will •be Toby Irwin S and Eddie
Toy; Henry Lewis .and Al Hamilton of
Los Angeles. -
BATCH OF MURDERERS
ARRESTED BY POLICE
Detective Gibson,' With Sergeant and
'Squad, Pick TJp Bad Highbind
ers in Chinatown.
Detective Gibson, in company with Ser
geant Patrick Mahoney and the high
binder sQuad, made one of the best round
ups of Chinese murderers which has been
made In this city for some time. Four
men, who will be tried each on several
charges of murder, a highbinder with a
gun and several more who will be booked
later for capital offenses was ' yesterday's
record. . - ¦ /
The officers recently gained information
that a number of Suey Sing hatchetmen
were about to return to this city .to com
mence operations. They set a trap for
them and last night the following were
arrested: Lou Fook, wanted for a murder
in the Jackson street theater; Sue Ho
Mon. wanted for the killing of three men;
Ho Mun. wanted for the recent murder
of Wong Yuen on Waverley place, and
Jung Sing, supposed to have- been Impli
cated in a killing In a theater. In addition
to these captures Chung I Sing and Gon
Soom, notorious highbinders, on whose
heads crime may be fixed later, were also
taken.
All the men belong to the Suey Sing
Tong and : this society will be badly
crippled as the arrests mean the taking
away of some ¦of its . choicest lawless
talent. Witnesses have promised the po
lice to assist in the ' prosecution of the
men and the hired assassins may yet get
their just deserts.
The highbinder war is still far from a
settlement and the merchants speak hope
lessly of bringing about an amicable ad
justment until more lives have been,sac
rificed. That the taking of blood is still
In vogue Is • evinced by > the fact ' that
Officer Driscoll of Mahoney's squad cap-
FITZSIMMONS AND
M'COY TO FIGHT
Bout Between the Former Champion
and Sailor Sharkey De
clared Off.
NEW YORK, March 20J— The proposed
fight between Bob.Fitzslmmona.and Tom
Sharkey Is off. Fitzsimmons appeared this
afternoon at the Delavan House, as
agreed upon last night. . Sharkey failed to
put in an appearance.'
Fitzsimmons said ¦ that as Sharkey had
not appeared with his forfeit the fight
waa off. Julian then said that the offer of
the 'Westchester Club stood good with
Fitzsimmons and any other man he might
select who would agree to fight him. Fitz
elmmons said that was acceptable to him
and that he would select Kid McCoy.
When McCoy heard the proposition he
said he was agreeable, and Fitzsimmons
and he agreed- to meet- at McCoy's place
at noon next Saturday.
NATIONAL PARLO R.
A Pleasing Entertainment Given by
Native Sons of the Golden West.
More than 2000 persons crowded Into
Native Sons* Hall last night to witness
the minstrel entertainment given by Na
tional Parlor of the Native Sons of the
Golden West. The soloists and choruses.
In all about fifty, occupied three tiers
across the width of the stage, and pre
sented a very attractive ' appearance. The
programme included an overture by the
company, of which Peter G. dv
Puy, grand treasurer of the Native Sons'
Nineteen Hundred Joint Committee, was
the interlocutor, also "Rasmus Miethan."
by Jack Palm; ballad. R. Gilchrist; "My
Ann Elizer." Joe Ross; ballad. P.-Gian
nlnl; "Same Old Story— Nothing New,"
James Gilles: ballad, J. Ogilvie; "Luck
iest Coon in Town," Jack Egan; ballad,
Frank W. Thompson: "Miss Helen
Hunt," Phil Newman; vocal selections by
the Knickerbocker Quartet, and a tableau
"Admission of California," with appropri
ate music Ml?s Annie Betcnoske repre
sented Columbia. Miss Etta O'Brien was
Minerva, and Dr. Frank W. Chase was
Uncle Sam. This was a very pretty ar
rangement and was well received, i
GREYHOUNDS TO COURSE
ON INGLESIDE FIELD
A Fifty-Six-Dog Staks th« Card Of-
. 'fered To-Morro-w for the Mid
week Meet.
The only midweek coursing this week
will be held to-morrow at Ingleside Park.
The stake attracted an entry of fifty-six
greyhounds," Including, many high-class
performers. The sport ' will commence at
12 o'clock noon, and will continue without
Intermission until the .winner Is de
termined. The draw last night resulted
as follows:
. J. McNeil's Blackhawk vs. E. M. Kelloss"*
lowa Maid: J. Hurley's Hurricane vs. Maher
& Reid's Nellie Dawn; J. CDowd's Shootover
vs. CaDtaln Cane's Mlra Monte; M. B. Kava
naugh's Hard Lines vs. J. J. Edmonds' Go On;
T. A. Gaffney's False Flatterer vs. S. Ma-
honey 'f Nellie O; 1. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory
vs. J. Hurley's O. K. Capitol; J. Perry's Auser
vs. H. Lyon's Moloch; Curtis A Son's Ter
rona vs. C B. Wiley's Merry Monarch; H.
Lyon's Dick It vs. J. Byrnes' Battleship; D.
Dillon's Modesty vs. Curtis & Son's Terronlte:
J. Byrnes' Eleven Spot vs. T. J. McHugh's Moss
Rose: J. McNeil's Captain Byrnes ys. E. M.
KellottK'B Ben's Babe: H. L<yon's Duty vs. D.
Dowst's Sarcastic: J. Dean's Alamo vs. R. L.
Taylor's Rowdy Boy; S. Handy* s Twin City
Girl vs. S. Mahonev's Chief of the Hill : J. R.
Smith's Magic vs. J. R. Smith's Master Daven
port; D Hooper's Morse's Patrol vs. J. Charle
ton's Temple: Connell Brothers' Black Tom vs.
j. Hurley'r Shylock Boy; D. Shannon's Special
Agent vs. F. A. McComb's (names) Sleety Mist;
D. Ford* Bonlta vs. R. L. Taylor's Winning
Lassie; D. Dillon's Castle Island Boy vs. G. W.
Heints'g Herschel's Pride: J. Anthony's Patriot
vs. Curtis &¦ Son's Cash; J. Dean's Brllliantlne
vs R. Attridge's Masterpiece; Maher &.Reld'a
Singleton vs. E. M. KellOKr's lowa Girl: D.
Dowst's Wise Gazaba vs. D. Dowst'i Flush of
Gold; J. Byrnes' -Nellie B vs. Connell Brothers'
Sweep- J. R. Smith's Lady Sears vs. G. W.
Heintz s Rustic. Beauty: ' 3. Byrnes' Olympus
vs. P. A. McComb's Miss Skyrocket.'
LIBRARIAN TEGGART
ACCUSED BY HEALY
Mechanics' Institute Property Will
Be Improved on Lines of Sugges
tion Made by Old Board.
The first meeting of the new board of
directors of the Mechanics' Institute was
held last evening. The recommendation
that the Pavilion and library property be
improved, as madeby the old board, was
favorably acted upon, and a committee
consisting of Messrs. Irving, Plum, Healy,
Taussig and Wallace, appointed to take
up the matter.
During the progress of the meeting.
Director Healy preferred charges against
Librarian Teggart for general incompet
ency. The charges were simply a reitera
tion of those made at previous times by
the director, and were referred to a com
mittee consisting of Directors Plum,
Meade and Taussig for consideration.
The following standing committees were
appointed: Finance — Kendrick. Neal,
Taussig; buildings and repairs— McLaren,
Irving. Mead: library— lrving, • Healy,
Taussig: lectures and classes — Wilson,
Cosgrave, Neal; printing and advertising-
Brunt, Beanston, Cosgrave; Pavilion—
Plum, Wallls, Mead; Folsom-street lot—
Wallis, McLaren. Beanston: employes—
Healy, Mead. Irving: management— Taus-
Plg. Wilson. Plum. Healy, Neal; exhibits—
Cosgrave, Beanston. Plum; machinery —
Mead. Wallls, Plum; art— Neal, Healy,
Kendrick: music— Kendrick, Brunt Mc-
Laren; tickets and admissions— Beanston,
Kendrick. Brunt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a' most, remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured bo many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
Buffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly arateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success In all cases. A request to th«
State Medical Institute, 32S Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
it Is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions.' Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package, so
that Its recipient need have no- fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers ara
requested to write without delay.
"KING" KELLY
AGREES TO ACT
AS HEAD COACH
Famous Princeton Football Player
Succeeds Garry Cochran — Man- ,
ager Shuey Ready to
Resign.
ENDS HER LIFE BECAUSE
OF HUSBAND'S TARDINESS
Joseph Zddy of Chico Is Late to His
Dinner and His Wife Shoots
Herself.
Fperlal Dispatch to The Call.
CHICO. March 20. — Because her husband
was late to dinner last evening Mrs.
Joseph Eddy placed the muzzle of a 44
caliber revolver against her body and
pulled the trigger. The bullet tore its
way through the lower part of the abdo
men, coming out at a point just above
the left hip bone. So close was " the
weapon held that the woman's clothing
was s et on fire and only tho timely arrival
of a woman in the house prevented. Ijcr
being cremated. Mrs. Eddy stated that
her first Intention was to kill her husband
also, but on seeing him she changed her
mind. Little hope is entertained for her
recovery.
DAMROSCH LEADS
THE ORCHESTRA
ANEW leaf was added to the musi
cal history of , San Francisco yes
terday afternoon by the concert un
der the leadership of Mr. Walter
Damrosch, which took place at the Grand
Opera-house. The audience. In spite of
the Lenten season, was the largest that
has ever attended such an ' affair in this
city, and it was as generous in applause
as it was In numbers.
The elements of attraction were mani
fold. We were to hearMme. Gadskl and
Mr. Blspham again; ther* was the prom
ise of selections from Wagner's operas,
with competent orchestral accompani
ment; and an instrumental programme of
more than ordinary Interest; but the
most potent factor in drawing the people
was, without doubt, the fact that Mr.
Damroech, whose personality has capti
vated every one, was to conduct, and the
faith that there waa in his ability was,
fully confirmed. ¦¦..•'
Mr. Damrosch is not an absolutely com
pelling force as a leader of orchestra; he
Is not so much the titan as the wizard;
he does not command respect, yet wins it.
Despite meager rehearsing he succeeded
in puting his band In good shape and his
work must be considered a creditable
achievement. The orchestral numbers
were given with cleanness and precision,
strength and an abundant infusion of
spirit; above all • there was rhythm and
flow, which speaks not only for a native
quality In the conductor, but for his quite
remarkable faculty for training his men
to his own sense of the requirements. '
The Tannhauser overture and the Vor- :
eplel of Lohengrin were given readings
such as they have never had in San Fran
cisco. It is not for every leader to attain
to the true Wagnerian 6plrlt and those
who have shown the greatest powers in
the treatment of other composers have
frequently fallen short in their Interpre
tation of Wagner.
Mr. Damrosch showed his mastery par
ticularly in these items through the two
movements of Beethoven's Fifth Sympho
ny, the fourteenth Liszt Rhapsodic and
Tschaiskowsky's "Marche Slave," in
which he was not merely satisfying, but
brilliant. The orchestral element of the
programme was rich with color and ef
fectiveness and the admirable security
and delicious rhythm which the band bor
rowed from the clever conductor will not
soon be forgotten.
Mme. Gadski's singing: of Weber's
"Ocean, Thou Mighty Monster," was pos
itively inspiring and when she sang for
encore "The Valkyrie's Cry" she gained
applause such as one seldom hears. Mr.
Bispham was at his best in excerpts from
"Tannhauser," a song -by Brahms, Schu
bert's "Serenade" and the Widmung of
Schumann. Mr. Damrosch's ! accompani
ments of the last two items were most
musicianly. The impression that Mr. Bls
pham has made was attested by a suc
cession of recalls, which were as sincere
as they were vociferous and well, de
served.
We owe a debt of gratitude to the com
mittee who had the recent symphony sea
son in charge and through /vhose Instru
mentality this concert waa arranged and
If our last hearing of these delightful ar
tists was a pleasure we take leave of
them with the keenest regret. They have
done much for the uplifting of musical
taste in San Francisco and it is to be
hoped they have paved the way for a
future visitation.
PORTER GARNETT.
tured one of the men, Sue Ho Mon. .with
a large pistol, the barrel of which was
eighteen Inches long. • . ¦ ¦ • »
The men arrested yesterday were all
members of the notorious gang led by
Ng Ah Poy.
ADMIRAL DEWEY TOO
ILL TO PARTICIPATE
Savannah's Eeception in His Honor
) Delayed Because of an Attack .
of Indigestion.
SAVANNAH, Ga., March 20.— The pro
gramme for . the entertainment of Ad
miral and Mrs. . Dewey was broken this
morning by the illness of the admiral. A
public reception had been -arranged for
the hours between J> and 11 o'clock and
5000 persons gathered at the De Soto Ho
tel to greet the distinguished visitors.
But the admiral' was too ill to appear and
thus the function had to be called off.
The admiral's attack, which is of indi
gestion, occurred- on board the revenue
cutter Hamilton while the party was on
a trip down the river and harbor. Sur
geon General -Wyman of the Marine Hos
pital service and Dr. St. J.- B. Graham,
Who "were aboard the cutter, administered
to the; admiral, but his indisposition was
so sever© that it was deemed best to bring
him back to the city. The admiral is rest
ing easily to-night and his physicians say
he will no doubt be able to go on with the
programme of arrangements to-morrow.
All the shipping in the harbor, foreign
and domestic, was decorated gayly in
honor of ' the admiral. Mrs. Dewey • was
entertained this afternoon by a committee
of ladies at the yacht club, where she
heard . plantation songs by a chorus of
pickannlnies. . . _
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Bright' Outlook for the Nicaragua
J Canal Bill.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 20.—Representa
tive Barham has been assured- by House
leaders that the Committee on Rules will
soon report a resolution fixing a day for
the consideration of the Nicaragua canal
bill regardless of the status of tho Hay-
Pauncefote treaty.
"I believe," said Judge Barham to-day,
"that the bill authorizing the construc
tion of the canal will pass the House dur
ing the present session."
Pensiona < for Californians: Original-
Thomas W. Ward, Carpenteria, $6; Frank
lin Miller. Pollasky, $B; Samuel McCoy,
Riverside, $S. Increase — John Beyers,
Veterans' Home, Napa, $12 to $17; William
Cronen, San Jose, $8 to $10; Joseph Terra
Fresheur, Soquel, $6 to IS; David Wolf,
Veterans' Home, Napa, $S to $10., %
Oregon: • Original— David J. Quimby,
Newberg, $8. ¦ - . .
Washington: Additional — Josiah F.
Gruver, Renton, $S to $12. •
Representative Kahn appeared before
the Senate Committee , on Naval Affairs
to-day to urgo an appropriation of X 25.000
for continuation of the work of gauging
streams and determining. the water supply
of the United States. If this appropria
tion be allowed it .would enable the Hy
drographic Bureau to continue - without
delay its work in California.
Mr. Kahn has received a communica
tion from the Merchants' Association of
San Francisco relative to the purchase of
supplies for the army in the Philippines.
The ; Government has been buying large
quantities of goods In Hongkong and
Manila. Formerly : such goods were
bought duty paid In San Francisco, but
now the Government . makes ¦an apparent
saving by purchasing In -bond in the Ori
ent. Commissary General Weston assured
Mr. Kahn that goods bought in Hongkong
and Manila; were chiefly, fresh beef and
rice and t that San Francisco merchants
would have equal opportunity: with others
to bid on Government contracts for sup
plies. This is what the merchants desire.
They believe goods can be bought aa
cheaply in bond In San Francisco as in
f orelgn markets. . U -
¦ .-¦.,-.'. v ? . ¦ . . .
Christian Daily a Failure.
TOPEKA, March 20.— The Capital In a
leading ' editorial ' this morning says that
Rev.. Mr. Sheldon's experiment was a fail
ure as a newspaper and not above the
average as a religious daily. ;it declares
that the legitimate work of a newspaper,
above all else, is to give the news,, and
announces that the Capital In tho future,
will go forward on the old lines.
Were Married by a Justice.
OAKLAND, March 20.— Charles Henry
Dodge, a nephew of Assessor Dodge of
San Francisco, and Miss Amelia Olga
Price of Sacramento were married by
Justice of the Peace Quinn In this city
this afternoon.
GRIEF haa fallen at the door of Mark Pachmeyer's
nursery and kindergarten for ducks, chickens^ and
other feathered and domesticated fowl, until yesterday
conducted at 35 Post street. An officer, with a warrant
is chasing Mark, eager to secure his presence to an
swer to a charge of battery-
Pachmeyer was formerly a dishwasher for H. Otersen, a
saloon-keeper at 35 Post street. He claims to be a distant
relative of Froebel, the Swiss who instituted the kindergarten
eystem for children. He severed his connection with the sa
loon man with oaths and blows and spent some time figuring
out a means of gaining a livelihood and at the same time of
annoying his ex-employer.
"If young children are trained in a kindergarten," quoth he,
"why not baby ducks?"
Accordingly he rented a room at 37 Post street, secured an
incubator and set about the task of rearing a' feathered fam
ily. The policeman on the beat often wondered what caused
the steam that puffed out of the wlndowsfor periods of three
SUBSIDY BILL WILL
BENEFIT PACIFIC COAST
Special Dtayatcb to The OUL
. TACOMA, March 20.— Hugh C. Wallace,
president of the Washington and Alaska
Steamship Company, has returned from a
four months' trip to England and Wash
ington, £>. C. It is understood that his
time while away was devoted largely to
negotiations looking toward the organiza
tion of another and larger steamship com
pany, which will absorb the business of
the Northern Pacific Steamship Com
pany and North American Mall
Steamship Company, now operating
out of this port. Mr. Wallace
devoted his energies while at Washington
to the Interests of the latest ship subsidy
. bill, which, as now agreed upon. Is ex
pected to pass Congress very soon. Thia
bill will appropriate J20.000.000 for ship
subsidies on the Atlantic and Pacific
coasts. Atlantic coast shipping interests
endeavored to so arrange matters that the
entire, amount would be expended on ser
vices out of Atlantic ports. To combat
this proposition the interests of th© Pa
cific Mall Steamship Company. Northern
Pacific Steamship Company and Great
Northern Railway were united in their
defense. The result of their efforts vas
to secure an arrangement whereby 30 per
cent of the total amount, or J0.000.000 an
nually, shall be devoted to Pacific Coast
commerce-It will follow that this amount
will be divided somewhat in proportion to
the number of their steamships between
th© three Pacific Coast companies named.
The bill also provides that British steam
era can participate in subsidy benefits
providing the company operating them
guarantees to expend a certain amount
In the building of American steamships.
Thia Indicates that the Great Northern*
new steamship line out of Seattle may
consist first of British steamers, to be fol
lowed later by American built boats.
The Frolic and Pastime of the Feathered Fowl in the Heart of the City.
weeka, and the neighbors were annoyed by a continual picking
at tho .walls and floor and cackling.
When the first brood came from the Incubator Pachmeyer
sprinkled "the floor with grreen sawdust to imitate grass and
inserted therein pieces of mirror glass, which might be mis
taken by the innocent fowl for ponds ' of • water. ' Around the
walls' were tacked sprigs of green, which were -secured from
the small boy in the flower store below, that the place- might
don a sylvan appearance. •
"I will lot these ducks pick at the sawdust and mirrors for
a while," quoth the master of the school, "then I will bring
them to genuine grass and water. In this manner they will be
taught -to distinguish between the genuine and the bogus."
The saloon man made a complaint tho other night at the
Calfornia-street police station and later to the Board 01
Health. This aggravated the /duck man and yesterday, when
one of Otersen's menials presented himself in the fowls' nurs
ery, he was given a warm reception and made a hasty exit.
A warrant was Issued later in the day. for the arrest of the
assailant, but he had fled, and the police' now own his duck
ranch. : • ¦ .¦ .¦ • ¦ :. >> ' .-.
open to the public." arswered Mr. Good
fellow "everybody knows the public does
not read those records. Your Honor does
not adjourn court to go and; read every
document that is filed in the Recorder's
office. •
"Guy C. Earl, in his capacity as at
torney for Mr. Pitcher and Mr. Taylor,
received all this confidential Information,
received ail these papers acting as their
attorney.
You Can't Changs Sides.
"I say It is th« law of this State and
the law of all the civilized world that no
man who has once acted In this capacity,
whether in his own behalf or as clerk for
another, will be allowed to change sides,
and that he will not be allowed to take
advantage of his confidential relations
and the information he acquired to turn
around and commence proceedings against
his former clients.
"And that no firm of attorneys would be
allowed to take advantage of that breach
of confidential relations between Guy C.
Earl and his clients.
"As to the extent to which this is car
ried I refer your Honor to the case in re
Cowdery, where Cowdery was disbarred
for that which is not 50 per cent as bad as
this; where Whittemore was disbarred
for doing that which is not 75 per cent as
bad.
"My position is that Mr. Earl himself
would be disqualified from doing this by
all rules, not only by the Code of Civil
Procedure but by moral ethics."
Box Has His Say.
"We do not contest the principle," de
clared Attorney Rlx, "but deny that any
information was gained by Mr. Earl."
It also appeared that Attorney Earl had
been asked, to withdraw as attorney for
the two trustees and that Attorney A. A.
Moore was substituted.
Attorney Treat gave an extended ex
planation of his connection with the Var
ney litigation and maintained from be
ginning to end that he alone procured the
facts upon which the complaint against
the trustees in the trust suit was drawn.
Trustee Pitcher testified as to conversa
tion and correspondence had with Sena
tor Earl when the latter was in the $23,000
suit.
Two Judges Will Sit.
Judge Ogden said he would call Judge
Ellsworth to sit with him in the case and
would decide Attorney Goodfellow's mo
tion to-morrow morning.
KINDERGARTEN AND NURSERY
FOR DUCKS NOW ABOLISHED
OAKLAND, March M.-Wll!!am S. Good
fellow, representing the trustees of the es
tats of the late Thomas Vamey. yesterday
mAOc a charge in open court before Judge
< ijrden that former State Senator Guy C.
Bui. a member of the law firm of Bishop
<w Wheeler was guilty of having committed
a breach of confidential relations with
clients, which. Goodfellow held, should
preclude the Pan Francisco firm of law
: era from appearing for the plaintiffs in
the euit Instituted by divers heirs of the
late Thomas Varney against the trustees
cf decedent's c-Etata. who are accused of
mismanagement and misappropriation Of
£ large portion of the pioneer's fortune.
Goodfellow's Charges.
Attorney William S. Goodfellow, repre
f^nting the trustees, made the accusations
against Attorney Earl and presfhttd a
motion that Bi«hop & Wheeler, A. X. Treat
and A. A. Xix, who are «Uso connected
•with the firm, be excluded from taking
part in the case en behalf of the 1-eirs.
}lis motion was based upon the charge
that the Information upon which the suit
was brought was obtained by Senator
Earl from the trustees while he was the
attorney for two of them during n. suit
hrought some time ago. His former clients
are now compelled to defend charges
¦which ere being prosecuted through civil
action by the firm of which he is a mem
ber.
Attorney Treat, who with Mr. Rlx ap
peared for the heirs, strenuously denied
That Senator Earl had furnished any In
formation about the litigation. Treat
euiVe that the case bad been placed in
hi* h&nds before the Gnn of Bishop &,
"Whseler had "been formed, and that he
had individually collected tne tnfqrm&tion
upon which the suit against the trustees
vu brought.
The suit was filed in February of last
year. Mr. Goodfellow 2emaad.ll to know
why so much delay had been permitted if,
ts Attorney Treat said, the case had been
IB his hands for several years before that.
Treat replied that he had gone to Bishop
& Wheeler because the case Involved
heavy law points, and the firm had
teen too busy with other matters to take
v:p the Veraey affair.
Threats of Disbarment.
Attorney Goodfellow flatly declared be
fore the court that lawyers had been dis
barred for conduct which was not nail
tt bad as that of which he now com
plained. He asserted that, while holding
ro animosity toward Senator Earl, ho
was impelled to this action as * matter
of duty toward hie clients.
The point of contention is whether cer
tain documents and information furnished
to Senator Earl as attorney for the trus
tees «at not turned over to the firm or
Bishop & Wheeler for use against the
truttfrecs in the present litigation.
Incidtsrtallv t?uv€rior Judge Samuel P.
Hall was dragged into the sensational
proceedings, but in a way whlchin no wi^e
involved him in the charges against EarL
The trouble besen to-day as soon as
Judge Og3en had called the case of Var
r.ev against Varney for trial. This Is a
Fuit of Frank Varney and other heirs of
the late Thomas Varney against Thomas
H. B. Varr.ey, H. H- Pitcher and John
Taylor, trustees, for' an accounting, and
reciting marry charges ngainn the trio.
Cause of the Trouble,
ThoriAS Vamey left an esuue of 53M.000,
making many bequests axid tying- up a
large portion in trust for various pur
*' Thi- estate )i&s b*«i in probatp ten
years Attorney Goodfe-Ilow has handled
the trustees' legal affairs. Hall & Earl
were law partners when Judge Ellsworth,
thrte or four years ago. ordered five of
th« trustees to bring a euit against
Thomas FL B. Varney— the third one— to
recover ?£.<.<X» he owed the estate. Lpoii
Attorney GoodfelloWs request Judge Ells
worth consented to select an attorney for
the two trustees and then Attorney Hall,
partner of Senator Earl, was selected.
Buit vu brought by Hall & Earl.
Judpe Hall was called to testify to-day
as to his status in that litigation and he
*xpl*ix:e4 that while acting as attorney
for Tranws Taylor and Pitcher he had
become a Judge and left the case with the
nther business of the firm In Earl's hands.
Judjre Hall paid he had received a lot of
<jaia an<l documents from Attorney Good
f p'.low &!>out the estate and he thought he
had arrrised Earl of all the facts in the
case with which he was familiar.
Attorney Treat Testifies.
Then Attorney Treat was called.
"Was not Mr. Earl a member of the
f.na nf Bishop & Wheeler at the time you
f.rst Tyoame connected with this estate
cf Yara»v?" queried Attorney Goodfellow.
"I don't think he was. I will not be
"How can you find out and testify to
it'"'
"Well, I purP'**. by inquiry."
Then Goodfellow made an .elaborate
Ftatement to the court. In which he said*.
"When Thomas Varney died he waj?
liable to the Bather Banking Company on
a guarantee given for his nephew, Thom
as H. B. Varney, the trustee. I^ater the
irust«wsj>. who were al.«o executors, paid
the $23,000 and there was a complication,
which Judge Ellsworth settled by direct-
Ing suit. I insisted that he should have
peiectJon of an attorney, and he selected
F P Hall. Varney went to Mr. McEner
r.ey. who has nothing to do with me. We
ore not and never have be«»n partners,
tJmngh we have offices together.
"Since that cult has been pending Judge
Hall went on the bench and turned over
all the pa.peri> to Guy C Earl. Among the
papers *ri> the pro<-**ed!ngi« had in this
pun b*>for<» Judge Ellcworth. The testi
mony wm taken upon the settlement of
the account. Involving all the facts upon
•which this present proceeding is based."
Nature of the Proceeding.
The Court— What is this proceeding?
I "It is to have certain trusts declared in
valid or construed in some particular way
by these people will get the money
which is nn the hands of these trustees;
&lso to charge Pitcher and Taylor per
sonally with a lanre sum of money."
"The 53,000?" asked Judge Ogden.
"S*o, eir. By reason of their manage
ment, by reason of matters disclosed upon
the face of the papers that were handed
to B. D . Hall."
"Those papers are matter of public
record." Interrupted Attorney Rix.
"I Fay if they be public records and are
CUBANS NOT
VET READY FOR
INDEPENDENCE
Secretary of State Root's
Observations on the
Islands. '
WASHINGTON, March 20.— Secretary
Root this afternoon gave to President Mc-
Kinley the results of his observations of
affairs in Cuba during his recent trip to
the island. Subsequently the Secretary
consented to talk for publication as to ex
isting conditions in the island and the pos
sibilities of the people in the direction of?
self-government.
The Secretary expressed himself as «at-
Isheu on the whole with what he saw.
Naturally the question of the ultimate in
dcr>«rdence of the island came up for dis
cussion during the Secretary's visU to
Cuba, but he was not prepared to say
Just when the United States Government
would be willing that this should b-» a
reality.
Incidental to this matter, which is up
permost in the Cuban mind, are the steps
that will bring it about. The first of these,
viz., the holding of the municipal elections
at an early date, was a subject that Sec
retary Hoot discussed freely, particularly
with the United States officials on the ls
and.
"These elections." said the Secretary,
"will be the Cubans' first effort toward
popular government. Unaccustomed as
they are to these things, they are aa th<»
b.ihe unborn and have everything to
learn. The whole plan for making effect
ive the scheme of municipal suffrage has)
been very carefully worked out and the.
people instructed in alt the details. This
involves a vast amount of labor and takes
considerable- time, but ultimately the plan
will be worked out and the elections held.
I hardly believe, however, that the author
ities will be- quite ready for holding the
elections by the Ist of May.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 21, 1900.
EARL NOW FACES
A GRAVE CHARGE
Accused by Attorney Goodfellow
of Betraying Clients' Con
fidences.
Information Imparted by Yarney Estate Trus
tees Said to Have Been Used in Litiga
tion Against Them.
pSP^ WONDERFUL
* RUPTURE CURED.
IX INVENTING* HIS -WORLJ>-RKXOWNi:i>
"Magnetic Elaatlo Truas" Dr. Pierce care to
the public the moet remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the successful treatment of Her-
nia or Rapture. Thousand* of sufferers hay»
been permanently relieved and radically CURED
br this rreat appliance, and thousands of others
are now on the road to complete recovery. Thia
Truss la different from all others. It doe* the
Tou can «*t ©or "BOOKLET No. 1" by caU-
lnr at the office, or It will be sent on reeelpt of
a 3-cent stamp. It tells all about thia Troaa.
"magnetic elastic truss co.,
620 Market Street (Opposite Palaca Hotel).
San rranciaco.
Eastern Office— New Tort City.
I mMMJ&m JftDOS I
I NATURAL APERIENT WATER Is the best known, the safest, and j
* the most trustworthy remedy for CONSTIPATION. <\
ro .¦.;¦¦/".-¦¦ . ¦ . . ; .- >"¦ • ¦"¦ ¦ O
ff> It Is invaluable for the relief of DYSPEPSIA; BILIOUSNESS. TORPID UVEliand \
<j> 'HEMORRHOIDS, in which Its effloaey Is unquestionable.. It clean the blood of ,1 >
$ GOTJT and RHEUMATISM, and it secures 'a CUHAR COMPLBXION. < >
2-, ¦¦'--- — ¦.-••¦•¦.•. • -.- -..- r. : \ :': '- ':¦¦¦:¦, ¦ ¦,: :••¦...¦¦¦¦¦"..". .-. ¦ v • • -. • ¦ ¦.-.•(>
||. HUNYADIJANOSnerergrIp^, and is never followed by nnpleaaant after-effects, j |
I 1 May be safely administered to children.'- J A-rerige ' doae 1 a wineglassful before '¦'¦[ \
T breakfast, citherpure or diluted,' with a similar Quantity of hot oroold water. * \
'.';.' •¦•-• ¦¦¦¦:-¦';•• ,-.'-'i-:. ; ..'.. ¦•¦¦.•-¦•• ¦•¦¦'¦¦•. • ¦-¦;¦-.-..-¦..'••-.: .--¦¦¦ . O
j!; ANDREAS SAXLEHNER, proprietor, |
<>; Budapest; Hungary. . . ~ X
f ..,., • ' ¦'. , •'• '. •: :. #
I £S>JBiP ¦. injection. 1 ;
i| A PERMANENT CURE
I 1 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhea* i
1 > and Gleet, guaranteed In from 3 *> • '
1 ' dan ; bo other treatment required. '
¦! ;„ '.. .Soldbyalldrngglat*. . J
1 mvvvvvvvvvwvvvwvvvvvvvvvw
visit DR, JORDAN'S grcatA
¦USEUI OF ANATOMY*
CM wv» vimTsi-ttt. ezkTx s.r.ca. i
J£9 r Tha Lairoct Armtomiotl Mmenm in the \
-jJL-^ Wortd- V> eaka«sn of any contracted M
Bl9h dstcne »g»4U»«-lT f r».l hyiht oldett f
16 91 SpecuJUt cs tie CaMtz. Eat 36 year*. 9
fl*jc4 OR. JOBOAH-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
I jRB^I Coamltation frre am) strictly phrase. \
I XW ¦ Tr« umer.t p*rsona!ly or by letter. A m
I W T\ ¦ M>*.ti»« Cwtm r»ery ease undemkem. ,1 T
Bff (I &Whte for Boole. rKILOSOWcffJ
¦ B IT lAMU6B. MAItBO FRSB. Uf
n IL~ niaabl* book for «a.-a I ¦ V
08. JORDAN A CO.. 1061 Market St., a F. f
9WANTED— Young., girl^ to '. take care of 2 chll-
| dren and assist. : Call at 3953 Twenty-fifth st.
NEAT willing girl for general housework;' sl3.
Call in forenoon. * 3711 Clay st. : : . : ¦ . V .. .
APPRENTICE to learn ," dressmaking. ;3a
,}Bartlett. st, .between :24th; and 26th. : . r
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office.- 2200 .Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. v ; ... ¦; <;¦ ¦¦¦.'••,¦'''¦-"¦<-*."»-¦¦¦:'''' .'
A BRANCH office for the reception 'of adver-
tlsements and tubscrlDtlons has been opened
at 1223 Polk st ; «pen until ip. n.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LKT.
SUTTER.. 114»-Ntce. sunny corner suite; occu-
. pled by a doctor W 10 years; modern im-
provements. ¦. -
$15— SUITE of. fine sunny offices; nerwly i-no-
vated. ¦ 24 Geary st
DOG HOSPITALS
DR. CREELEY*B C.P." mange cure and worm
pills by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
ItlO Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East ' 287.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
- and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento st, cor-
; ncr of Kearny: n all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas-
advice, free: office hours. 10 a. m. to 12 m '
.; 2 to 5 p..m. and 7 to 9 p. m." -
MRS. .DR.' WYETH. reliable specialist; horns
In confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; any ailment: consultation- tree. 943
Post st. between Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR.\ KOHL.: ladies' speclallst-Goar-
¦ anteed treatment at office. $5:: safe and re-
liable r consultation free. 1122 Market st. bet
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 a. Mr to 5 p m
Dlt and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market: ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tlfic methods: cure guaranteed: treatment. $5.
MRS; DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market, ladles' speclal-
,-lst: -uaranteed treatment at office. $5: safe
.and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St. the eminent
female specialist; home or offlcc treatment $3.
DR. WISE, the ladles', specialist. UIS Market
St.; every case guaranteed; $5 m>. - 1 -" 1 "
WANTED— A ; respectable ; . woman ' to do house-
work and < waehlns.* g 1618 : Castro ; st . ;". • ; . ¦¦_ : .«
APPRENTICE on coats. 411H Kearny st, first
j. floor. ¦¦¦¦.:¦• \.-.- ; .' ; . .¦:•;¦;...:.-¦¦: > . •..:,.¦:'
MISCKLI.A.' I HCOt» WANTS.
WANTED— A portable double circular saw-
mill, capacity 10.000 feet new or second hanJ.
and * 30 horsepower portable engine. B. t-
, OANSNER. Qulncy. Plumaa County. C-l.
ASTONISHING prices for ladles' and gents'
cast-off clothing, etc.; don't sell until you
learn my offer. Postal. M. Nathan. 19 Sumner.
WANTED— « bears: any age or color. Address
L. SEELIGER. 3313 Mission. San Francisco.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
. cs*h. •H. L WHTTF.HTIAn. 171» Market »t.
GIRL .wishes a situation for general ¦ house-
work. Apply SSBH Jessie st, < ;
YOUNG girl would like care of a child. 120H
Perry st. bet Third and Fourth. /
WAITER wanted. ", 631 Clay st ' ' .
COOK wanted. 141 East st. . . " ..
PENSIONS— GEO. . D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
• — ! years'-;, practioe; Examiner | bldg.
CARPENTER for ; store fitting." Apply at 330
Devlsadero st.y;ne»r Oak.-/:.-- ¦-?- .;•-¦¦¦ .:t-
1 '•. FIRST-CLASS s- cabinet-makers :. wanted at
WILLIAM BATEM AN' S, 835 Folsom st- , >
EXPERIENCED ' finisher -on v-coats;-'- steady
...work; also apprentice. ->; 354 Geary *l.<".\<r\,<
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements. 218 Locust avenue, bet. Yon
Ness avenue. ¦ Franklin, Golden Gate aye. and
• McAH'.eter St. .- .
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Ap-
¦ ply at 2012 Market, bet. 10 a. : m. and 2 p. ; m.'
WANTED— A reliable. woman for general house-
. work and cooking. -.. 797 : McAllister Bt. -- '
FIRST-CLASS tailore-ss'on fine coats; good
-wages; steady work.: 1200 Market st. ¦¦:;..
YOUNG girl to take careof two children; ref-
. erences required., Apply 9-12 at ,729;. Turk st
FIRST-CLASS. talloress wanted on coats; must
be Al. r Apply rj. ASHER.' 455 Mlnna.
WANTED— By middle-aged woman, ¦ general
housework or . chamber work. Address 316
Minna st. - - • . . , > . ,
SAFES, new and second hand, all sties. TH3
WALTZ SAFE. I^9-111 Market st. San Tran.
ONE 4-stded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor: & locomotives. ZS> Fremont
BOILERS engines, drill presses, planes, lathes.
Iron* woodf 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beal*.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921% Mls»lon,opMint
MME. AUGUST, clairvoj-ant. card reader and
palmistry. 2 » c : truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings, daily. 212& Sixth st
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 23c; ladies. 914 O"FarTeil st
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
esu suocesgful. Room 310. 927 Market st
$2:r>— 2 FLATS of 6 rooms.' beautifully fur-
n'rhed; Kunny and central. Apply to J. E.
BLCCKBT & CO.. SE. corner sth and Market
JOO IF Bold to-day: the best saloon bargain evor
tffered. Particulars from J. E. SLINKEIT &
CO.. RE. corner Market and Fifth sts.
AN Industrious young man who has had *ome
experience In horseshoeing wanted with $17u,
iw jmrtner In established shop; lots of work.
COSMOPOLITAN AGENCY. 26 Geary St.
ISif.— GROCERY and bar; more than vclue In
Fight: splendid location; selling en accoun* of
«3>*j.arture. Cosmopolitan Agency. 26 Geary.
PAUTNKR wanted with $)0C0; fine business
COWING & CO.. 71S Market st
CORNER grocery store; fine- location; full
Mock; roust be Facrifired this week oti ac-
«-.mnt death. COWING & CO.. 71H Market.
ICI'AL f-st-ate, city or country, in any State in
the Union: nold and exchanged un cpnimW-
»>!<n: associate offices in New York anil Chi
<-ajf": sterling- business proposition* of all
kinds. Sunset Realty Inv. Co.. 213 Exam. bM*.
COMPLETE set cf baker's utenfils, including
lar».'e portable oven, with privilege of peeing
tame 1n u»e; cheap. JONES & CO.. bCS Mrkt
t22 r j— CIGAR Ftand and laundry office; fin*- lo-
cation. Mclaughlin. 777h Market st
PARTNER to travel in enow business: clear-
ing »2'») a month; mutt have $150: no experi-
ence required. J. C. PELTON, 422 Minna st.
after 3 ji. m.
WILL soil for $50. formula for manufacturing
an article that has demand business net $2500
a year. Sls>* O'Farrell st, room L
FIKPT -CLASS oyster house for sale on account
of fife-knew.. CO Seventh Bt
BARBERS— Good paying shop on Market st:
cheap for cash. Address box 3111. Call office.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 218 McAllister st
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITzT
16 McAllister st. next Hlbernla Bank. -
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 11.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSII A WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, eoun-
. ten linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
. flee furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1013-1021-103 Mission
st, above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirror*.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1043 Mission st
HIGH- ARM Singer sewing machine; good con-
dition; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission St..
near Fifteenth.
FOR sate at a . bargain — 26-ton schooner yacht
with fixtures and fittings complete; In first-
class condition. For particulars address box
3C71. Call office. _^
30-FOOT gasoline launch for sale cheftp; S<4
horsepower engine: full cabin; electric llghta.
Address box 3070. Call office.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, hollers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st '
CASH registers, second hand, of every descrip-
tion bought sold, exchanged and repaired.
1309 Mission St.. between Ninth and Tentll.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 SO. BACIOALUPL
933 Market St.. San Francisco. --¦'
2 A NO. 1 young cows; calves 4 days old; each
milks 6 gals, day: gentle. 1312 Folsom st
A SECOND-HAND fire and burglar proof safe;
Wilshlre make. WHITE. 818 Mission st i
A FINE suit $10: dress pants. $2 75. BROWN
BROS. CLOTHING. 437 Montgomery st
AUTOMATIC sewing machine: oak woodwork;
latest attachments: cheap. 145 Sixth st
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 7*. Pov-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. nr. Pine.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fir* and burg-
lar proof safe. 218 California at
10.WX) FEET new rubber belting, half prlc
ROBT. BRAND A CO.. KZ7 Third st. Oakland.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burs
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st
MOTHER and daughter. ' $25, as cook and ccc-
. :ond; country. MISS CULLEN. -325 Sutter st
LAUNDRESS, private family. $30; two laun-
(lresseE, institution, $25 and. $30; waitress, $20;
two second girls, $25 each; second girl, Oak-
. land, $25; two cooks, $30 ' each; houseglrl,
Berkeley, $25; Santa Clara, $25; San Mateo,
$20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' ¦ waists:
good work; steady. NDWBAUER BROS., 18
First st. ¦."•¦¦ - - - : ;- . ; - ¦¦ -.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
• housework;' good . home; no washing. . 1904
st . ."¦ j ¦ :.. ¦- :".
WANTED— GirI to, work In restaurant: no ex-
perience required- also ' lunch waitress; no
Sunday work. 272 Brannan st. ¦"-
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physl-
dan. foimerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; ruaranteed
°~ treatment- $5; safe and reliable cure In one
day: 15 years' successful . practice In' 8. F. ;
maternity home:; low fees. 1007% Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. th» world-renowneu
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
- home; consultation free: success guaranteed
Write or call at 1023H Market st.' .
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, palmist; all you
seek to know answered, without questions;
readings this week, 25c and 50c. 126 O'Farrell.
MMX. HANPON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;
past present future, 2T.C 148 Sixth st, u\ 12.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 7J Fourth st. near Mission.
MME. ZKREDA of & Seventh «t. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings 25c. .
J22S— RESTAURANT: great bargain.
HSOfi— Lodging-house; part cash. Apply J. E.
SLINKEY & CO., 1 Fifth tt
LOST— Zeta Psi fraternity pin; name on same,
W. McM. Weighel: return to 14 Sansome st,
room 11. and get reward.
A— ssoo; SALOON and lunchhouse: between fac-
tories and lumber-yards; dally receipts $15;
rent $20; a snap. It G. WILKE, 906 Market
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MOST learned palmist and clairvoyant medium;
business advice; readings, 25c. 1581 Market
St.. near Twelfth..
Jl4OO roiOiER grocery store and bar. with 3
living rooms kitchen and cellar; rent $45;
I i.:n- established for 3'J years; next to the
leading brewery of this city; a mint Call
R. G. WILKE. Sk* Market St.. room 8.
A— JSSO; COFFEE Mlocn and restaurant; 1 block
from corner Powell and Market sts. ; rent $40;
daily receipts $40: 3 living roams. Bee R. O.
WILKE. SO* Market »t.
Jl—U'jQ: SALOON, with $ living rooms; rent
I*7 &0; Valencia St.: good business; bargain.
R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market st
A— sV»; CORNER" grocery and bar; vicinity
Sixth and Howard sts.; living rooms; good
busings; cb«^.p rent Call It G. WILKE.
V* Market et
BARBERS'' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec., 104 7th: tel Jessie 152.
WANTED— Position as city agent or collector:
well acquainted In city; very good reference*.
Address box 3088. Call office.
GIRL, 16 years old, willing to work, wishes
good home with nice family. Apply 181 Lar-
kin st ¦ -
UIM.M,"i CHANCES.
A— s2oo0 — CORNER erocery and bar, with four
living rooms: rent $o»>: 3 years' iea.se; the bent
corner on Mission nt; place iluiug a gool
paying cash business; full Milue In night
Call H. G. WILKE. 906 Market st
A— 4350; CIGAIi store; clearing $4 "daily; splen-
did location: Market and East sts.; rent $12.
Csll R. G. WILKJE, 906 Market at.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
Ing housekeeper: city or country; best of ref-
erences. MRS. LISTON. 1926 Market st.
A HOUSE on Market st. 84 rooms, through . to
Turk St.: sunny side; brick building: elec-
tric and gas light: everything new; Market-
st. front suitable for offices; back to Turk st
for furnished rooms; entrances on Market and
Turk ets.; also fire escapes on Market and
Turk sts.: the safest and most convenient
house In town: 1130 and 1132 Market St. ad-
¦ Joining Owl Drug Store. Apply to A. M.-
SPECK & CO.
SUNNY 10-room house; large garden, stable.
2432 Howard st. through to Capp: rent $50.
BROADWAY, 1908— 6 rooms, bath, laundry; fine
marine view; rent $20.
REAR house of 5 rooms. Inquire at £63 EIU«
street.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Bull terrier bitch; last seen on Sutter
st near Taylor: name "Babe" and "Miss M.
W Baker, 1712 Buchanan st," on collar; had
muzzle on. Return to 15 Main st. and re-
celve reward. - [_"
LOST— A yawl boat at Fourth and Channel
sts.. painted green: belongs to the Henrietta
M; finder return to the schooner, lying at
South San Francisco, and receive reward.
LOST— Diamond .ring: was wrapped in tinfoil;
a liberal reward If returned to G. W. AR-
BUCKLE. 11 Montgomery st
LOST Pearl pin, fleur de 11s shaped, Monday,
March 19. Return to 23 Main st.; reward.
LOST— Purse containing $45 and statue. Return
to 700 Van Ness aye. and receive reward.
FOUND— A brtndle bull . pud, with white spot
on nose at LUCKE Shoe Store.
LOST— Bay mare, black, small stripe on back,
long tall;' hitched to piano-box ¦ buggy, body
. . black, running gear • dark green, spokes In
left front wheel black. Reward at NW. cor-
ner Davis st. and Broadway. CHARLES H.
CATTERMOLE. . - -V - •
UUUT AM) MiOK BARGAIXS.
JiEGULAR $1 50 boys' Bh *s, all sixes 95 cts
Regular $1 25 ladles' oxford ties 8a cts
Children s kid, lace or button, sizes 8 to 11.75 c
People's Shoe Store. 1303 Stktn. nr. B'dway.
too PAIRS drummers' sample shoes at manu-
farturer'n cost. J. Kohltwcher. 145 Fourth Bt.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
DON'T buy; rent a new piano, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURT AZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To tbe Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all ekln diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk oJ the whole sloi«.
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having cometo see this
wonderful woman. Consultation- by mall Is
always successful and' satisfactory, and all
correspondence Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D.-HOWE,
Offices removed to her residence. 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
N B —Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
get off at Clinton Station. 2d station from
Broadway.
UOAKUING FOR CHILDREN.
PRIVATE home for children, r day to U years,
by week or month; large sunny yard: select
lii-lpiiUcirhood : mother's care; kindergarten;
terms low. 1304 Post st. bet Geirj' & Sutter.
GOOD home for 2 or 3 children; near school.
21711 Perry eu
A FEW pianos will be sold for storage at auc-
tion prices: dirt cheap for cash. WILSON'S
Storage 1710 Market st.
FINE concert organ or harmonium In perfect
¦ order. 1259 Mission st
A BARGAlN— Stelnway. $125; store open Sat
evening. Heine Piano Mfg. Co., 136 Ellis st
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer planoa. BPEN-
CER WAREROOMS. 1818 Market st
BOARD A.\U BOOHS WASTED.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 42« Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, bupgles. carts & har-
ness, wk & <Irtrlnr ho-«. irth and V*»l»ticlii..
CAIII'ET BEATING AM) CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send tt> SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 3E3-157 Tehama St.; tel. S. 49.
FCRXITUIIE FOR SALE}.
FOR sale— Fine furniture of I housekeeping
rooms; will sell as whole or by piece If de-
sired. 309 Hyde st, from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese. Chinese employment
office; best help fur.: cooks, waiters, etc
Chas Aramori. Eo6<-4 Stockton: tel. John 212 L
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia et
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
EXPRESS wapon, double harness and horses.
Apply 313 Lar.gton st. •
MURRAY A READY PHONE MAIN 5345.
Leading employment and labor agents.
Want to-day 7 a. m. ..............
47 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for. dif-
ferent places, $30, $28, $25. $20 and found; 19
choremen and boys. $26, $25. $20. $15. $10 and
found; 20 milkers and butter makers, $30, $2»
6mine^^^•"":":"^"":"s•driner S:•s&6:•S :•$ & 6:•
farmers and wives, shoemakers, sand team-
"¦ sters; I scraper 4-horse teamsters.. s26 and fd.
SPECIAL BARGAINS — -
19 rooms; cheap rent; only $-^>0
21 rooms: Mission st: reduced to SOO
33 rooms: fine paying house; see It 1250
40 rooms; sunny corner; a bargain 850
' 60 rooms; corner: must sell — 2000
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open until 9 p. m.
L != i'LAI'.K. F.nmi Spreckeis bide.. 927 Mar-
V,-t «t.: —ißMiifttoS free: n.-> fees in advance.
BITH > CABIXBTfl — THEHMAL.
ROBINSON $5 4-panel folding: see It before
_M»|__. W. P BROWN. Coast Agt.. 426 Ellis.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
AN • unequaled record— Our business Is larger
than ever; our prices the lowest: our terms
reasonable: our guarantee absolute; high-
grade pianos from $225 up; medium-priced pi-
anos from $190 up; second-hand pianos from
$55 up; pianos for rent: sole agents for Chick-
ertng. Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos. 14 to
20 O' Fan-ell »t.
A GENUINE BARGAIN SALE.
Fine Knabe upright latest design; make> offer;
beautiful Bruenn upright like new; Arlon.
$35; Hallett A Davis. $40; 2 German uprights.
In good order. $75 and $30: Dunham upright.
$140; Sherwood. $145; 2 almost new uprljht*.
cheap, for storage and advances. BRUENN,
20S Post st, above Grant aye. • -¦• •-¦¦
OLD established r<*-*<mrant for sale; good busi-
ness: fine locality; small rent: everything
] complete; price $225. Box 3041. Call office.
I GROCERY, hay. feed and coal yard In South
I Berkeley;" doing eood business; rent cheap; at
bargain. Address box 2731. Call. Oakland.
....LODGINO-HOUSES
HOTELS :
FLATS AND PRIVATE HOMES
FROM 3 to 250 ROOMS; PRICES $50 to $20.0*)
25 rooms: on Market; worth $1200 $SOt)
10 rooms; on Mason: payments 450
65 rooms; on Bush st: clears $230 2Siv>
3 rooms and bath: elegant flat 325
SO rooms; on Kearny; grand bargain 2<WO
36 rooms: on Market; payments ISOO
50. 40 and 125 rooms; boarding-house.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 5V
H C DECKER, 1020 Market st, opp. Fifth.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
107114 Market st. : examinations free: German
eyewater by mall. 50c. Phone. Mint 257.
AYRES', leading business college, 723 Market:
Individual instruction; bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing; life scholarship. $:>*); catalogue.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A LARGE NUMBER OF FINE BARGAINS
IN STEINWAY,
WEBER.
CHICKERINO.
HAINES BROS..
BUSH & GERTS.
ELLINGTON
AND OTHER PIANOS.
.The Hamilton-Bancroft Stock
Recently Purchased by Us.
It will pay you to call and see them.
UPRIGHTS $M UPWARD.
SQUARES $23 UPWARD.
ORGANS $20 UPWARD.
BYRON MAUZY.
80S POST ST.
DHKSSMAKKItS AM) SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking (school; sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post.
SITUATION wanted by young man at houae-
cleanlng or other small ' Jobs by the day.
HENRY ANDERSEN. 9E2 Bush st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenlnc* and Sundays. 850 Market.
FOR eale— Old-established grocery and bar:
pood location; long lease; good opportunity
for one or two young men; no agents. Ad-
dress _box3l22 I Call_J>fHc£ : __ '
FOR aale— First-class grocery store; on account
of sickness. Inquire at KUHLS. SCHARKE
fc CO.' S. corner Sutter and Kearny. .
JSOO— FIP.ST-CLASS saloon; good fixtures: 6
private rooms; rent $55. Box 3119. Call.
BARBER shop for Bale cheap on account of
. Bickneiss. 804 Bryant st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks:
day and evening classes: special inducement
this season; handsome ' Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only institution In the
world teaching the barber and h*l£jn?"l°*'h * 1 £jn?" l °*'
trades. MOLER'B BARBER COLLEGE^ 63a
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco, New rork.
8t; Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis.
Ml"li'l"l>ti NOTICES.
MOUNT MORIAH l^odge No. 44, F. and •
A. M-— Voting TIJiS (WEDNESDAY) _#\_
EVENING, at T:SO o'clock. Third de- >t_J\
ere*. THBO- FROLICH. Sec / V
CKOCKETT Lod«;« No. 139. F. and A. m
M-— Third decree TITIS rWEDNES- _#\_
DAY) KVENING, March 21. at 7:30 TCJJT
o'clock. By order of the \T. M. /TT>
11. FOUTRIEDE, Secretary
EXCELSIOR I»lge No. IG6. F. and A. m
_L— Bpe?_U rr.et-;Jr.g THIS (WEDNES- A*
DAY) EVENING. March 2L at ":30^2T
o'clock. Secord degree. • /tt '
THKO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
WOMAN to do one day's washing each week
at her own home. Inquire at 981 Folsom st
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket et., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done' painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty ; gold crowns,
$3 M up: plates, extractions free: $4 60 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 8 to I
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE) W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years. -
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3; new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. TOe: palnlers extraction. BOo: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. DCS Mission, cor. 6th.
FIRST-CLASS drummer . wanted for a tailor
store. Address box 3099. Call office.
3-CHAIR hotel barber shop, United States
Hotel. 127 Eddy st; owner going north.
UA— STOCK of groceries: rent of store. $15; near
Fourth «t KREDO & CO.. 2H Oo*ry «t.
COLLECTOR— EIderIy man seeks situation;
- salary •or commission or place where . duties
are not- laborious; either in town or country.
JAMES MARTIN. 501 Post Bt
STEADY, sober man of 35 wants any kind of
work, driving wagon preferred ; experienced
milk wagon driver; references. . Address 200
Third St., room 2S. .
$IM>-PARTNER; meat market; receipts $800
month; cash business. Kredo & Co.. 22fr l-eary.
A-ss£»; ROADHOUSE and resort; fine place;
newly furnished. Kredo A Co.. 22H Oeary.
A FULL set of teeth en a rubber, plate. '. $5 ' a
full set of teeth on a gold, plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and .bridge work our
Fpeclalty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
' years;" fillings. Me; crowns. $3 50; all work
cainlees and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st. .
MOMiV TO LOAM.
ANY amount at 8 per cent: Ist 2d and Id mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In p^
I bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing gusinex* c i«.
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 MontgomerrrTj
1 ANY proposition, any amount: « per cent; first
second mortgages, estates In probate. !nt«r»»t
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, c.v.r.-i
moragages; confidential: advice free. G g"
OLS EN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bl if.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at :..-».
i est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Htore. 845 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on dlamor,;.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture am
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Po— *li s t.
AT 126 Kearny st. room ». respectable prl»»c»
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; low eat
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis M 5.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; qu.c*
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Roorr.»
SS and 68. Donohne building. 1170 Market at.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and -r.
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER A CO.. 26 Montgomery.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 36« Parrott taCJ.
| nK Men can secure loans on personal note.
LOANS to salaried people; personal security
only. TOUSLEY. 321 Parrott building.
OLD gold bought: money loaned on every &*.
ecriptlon of collateral. Colcman's. SOS Kaarr.y.
MONEY loaned on furniture, pianos. (!!»-
mocds. etc. BRIDGES. »27 Market, room r.i.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note wttncui
Indorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
$C 0 TO $iO 000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg.i ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: aa
commission; private. LICK. 118 McAllister.
IF your property is mortgaged and you ce*J
more money see H. MURPHY. «30 Market «t.
TO salaried men. without collateral or Indorser;
other propositions: private rooms. San Frui-
clsco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bulMlntr
HELP WANTED— MALE.
GENTLE~MAN of , good address; good proposi-
tion. \Crovin_Stv£io L JUo_MaTiet_at : ____ ::
BARBER shoo for sale; 3 chairs. DECKEL-
MAN BROS., 108 Ellis St.
MEDICATED BATHS.
DR CON ANT" 8 Compound Vapor Bath_p^T
fle» tne blood; destroys disease _erm»- DJD J
tects ; cures; revitalizes; save* lire and doctor
bills: outfits for sale: agents wanted: anad »n£
booklet. ANIPROSIS. 47 Post st. 3. p.. c ,, r
UUSIXGSS CHAWCEB— Continued.
A— KREDO ACO ." 7.. ... 1 . 22V4~5ea?y ¦ "st,
$**)— Bakery; $2J dally counter tradei Mis-
sion: fine opening for coffee parlorß.
$I.TO— Branch bakery; 3 fine rooms; good con
$130-PARTNER: meat market; receipts $?W
month: wagoa; caeli business, KREDO &
CO.. 2:>i Geary Bt.
yOTICK— Int-rr._tlonal Bricklayers' Union No.
1 of raMfornia roeeis EVERY MONDAY In
Tbe Trmpie. 137 Turk St.; hell open every
day lirtuwn 9 and 5; all I. U. men invited;
charter open for 30 days; contractors or build-
ers wanting men inquire at hall.
W. D. PICKKNS. President
WILLIAM KLEIN. NICHOLAS DUGAN,
"WILLIAM J. FHEKPY. L V. Committee.
THE California Debris Commission, having pe-
e*-iv«»d applications to mine by the hydraulic I
jiroceys from George H. H<"dr!ck, in the Hed-
ri<-k eravei mim». n»ar San Andreas. Cala- {
veras County, to deposit tailings on a flat
Mow the trine: from William Weyman. in |
the V.Vyman placer mine, near Placervllle. j
ICI Dor_do County, to d»pos:t ta illnss in a I
reservoir be'.gw the mice; from Hugh H.
Cram. in the Pigeon Creek mine, near Ply-
mouth Ar-aador County, to deposit tailings
* in Indian Creek: from Henry Meyer, in the
Greenhorn mine, at Cherokee, Nevada County.
to deposit tailing* in Phaily Creek, and from
the Emery Gold Mining Company. In the
l!mery hydraulic mine, near Mountain Ranch,
•""a lnvents County, to deposit tailings in Adobe
Gulch, gives notice that a meeting will be
h»IJ at room 53. Flood building. San Fran-
cl-ro. Oal.. en April 2. I*oo, at 1:33 p. m.
ANNUAL, meettar— Tbe annual meeting of the I
ftockbi.lder- of the Western riupar Refining
Company will be held at the office of the j
company. rj7 Market st., San Francisco. Cal.. j
on MONDAY, the ?Cth day of March. ISOO. at
the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose of electing
¦ board of directors to serve for the ensuing
v»ar and the tranr-artion of such other busi-
ness as ir.ay come before the meeting. Trans-
fer hooks will close on Friday. March 16. 1900.
at 12 tr.. V.\ H. HANNAM. Secretary.
NEW bakery and laundry; 3-can milk wagon; 2-
seated spring wagon: 1 heavy and 2 light de-
livery wagons. 22 Ccrtland aye.
OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and bar;
ttock and fixtures; mU3t sell on account of
other business; no agents. Box 3067. Call.
CIGAR store for Bale. 311 Bush st
$65— GOOD repair shop; lasts, stock and ma-
chine; good trade; cheap rent 2106 Flllmore.
FRUIT and vegetable store for sale; on ac-
count of leaving city. Apply Call office.
WANTED —A f first-class pantsmaker *at > IVA
V.Geary st.; rooms 7-B. v -
O UNO girl for general housework; 4 In fam-
ily; .no children. . 1930 Sutter st
- '¦ DR. BUZAKD'S Do* Hospital. >Virt. Klllmorv—
FOR sale— Shooting gallery, or for rent. 231 Advloa and medicine 7ftc; city visit* fl 50; all
ruth st. 1 antmala treated: don boarded. TeL West 631.
DR. WONG HIM. | herb doctor, treats all dto-
«ases of the human body, us Mason st. •
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
in confinement 1312 Golden Gate aye.
$11 CO— SUNNY cottage; 4 rooms. 110S Filbert
ctreet. i * v-. ¦''.¦¦¦:
WANTED— A first-class : cake baker; : ¦ also " a
' helper, v, 836 Valencia- 5t. .;.'...?" - '
BOOTBLACK wantod ; wages $6 week; barber
-;shop.'>»- 548:. Washington* st. '¦¦'"-•.".;.-, •_;;-. V " '
BOY '.wanted.' Union-square Market."! 1 stalls 1
and 3. ¦*.¦¦¦¦"¦ -; ; ..". -. ': , .•'..¦¦ , _'¦¦¦''.: :'¦':.'
WANTED— A good barber at • 479 ' Ninth st ,
-. Oakland.^ '¦,-¦¦ .-.-. : ?*..: :,: :'-'..'- I--". -¦ .
TO LET — A cottage of 6 rooms. 2309 Polk st;
rent, with water, $13. • ..-.-.•
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st" near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $150 night: $1 60 to $8
week, convenient, and respectable; free 'bus
and bagKase to and. from ferry. c''~'
WANTED— Good ¦ dishwasher. 369 Hayes st.
YOUNG woman, with a child, wishes a posi-
tion as housekeeper or cook on a ranch.. Call
71314 Bush Et. •
YOUNG lady (trained nurse) would be glad to
hear of position to assist doctor. Address
box 3050. Call office. • , - -.-
WANTED—A ' boy with ' considerable experi-
,;ence in shoe making. 662 Mission st"
GIRL to do general housework: wages $20. Call
.at 1314 Masonic: aye., bet. Waller and Brod-
¦ .erlck. , •-. • - ¦;. ..•..:•-. -v .-, '.; <:'¦¦ r '¦.-.'/.¦ if- ." : .
YOUR future told by cards, 25c 544 Howard
ct. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
make fine buttonholes; .good wages; steady
work.-. 411H Kearny st.,". top floor. »fiMv*rBVli*i_
GIRL for general housework and cooking; no
children. Address box 4453, Call office.
WANTED— Position to Ido chamberwork and
mending bed linen; sleep home. Box 3127,' Ca11.
LADY pianist would like an 'engagement from
8 until 12; $1 50. Call or address 363 Minna st.
DRESSMAKER, accustomed to \ best work,
wishes a few select customers; $1 60 day; per-
fect fit and latest styles.: 6 El wood st., near
Mason. . ' ¦.-..:-:. - • - ' ¦
A GERMAN lady wishes situation ¦as gov-
erness, to teach piano and German lessons.
Address 325<4 Tenth st. ¦ ,->¦.-.; -
WANTED— Errand boy.; 3Sl. Kearny st, room
£,H..-.V; ¦- ¦¦:-> ¦¦:.¦: :' '; : -, : ' - ¦ :¦-¦ iv; ¦ ---¦ - :
FOUND— Greyhound; white and brlndle. Call
at 324 Tehama st. a_BaßSits.fjr'i'iHUH!a
WANTED— Youne man at house painting; one
with some experience. 626 Capp st.
¦WANTED— A man to work on a ranch. Apply
at 323 Larkln ' st.
RESPECTABLE, reliable young lady wishes
position as housekeeper: • kind to children.
Address box 3126, Call office. !
WANTED — Strong young man to drive double
team: ¦ must be experienced; references re-
quired. Apply 2103 Hyde st.
WANTED — An experienced furniture salesman
for Sacramento. -Apply 623 Market st, room
7, between 2 and 3p.m. , -
WANTED— Situation in city to assist in light
housework or second work. Call or address
1239 O'Farrell St. ,
A- tvf-SAi/mS and lunch house; established
many years and doing a good paying busi-
ness; rent $40; best location; clu^e to Sutter
et. ; Investigate at once; a rare chance. Call
It G. WILKE. W6 Market st
ARNOLD. Dlrkson. give everybody tests to-
night; 10c: sittings. 25c. 50c. 14S Sixth, room 1.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, 333 McAllister: business;
eit. dally; test clr. to-night. Thurs. at 2.
MRS. DR. STEERS' trance medium readings,
$1. 112% Oak St.: tt-lephor.e- Howard 527.
MEDA HOSKINS. 1423 Mkt.. bet. 10th & 11th—
Clr. Mon. 8 p. m., Thur. 2 p. m., 25c; sit. dally.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer,
330 Ellis st; circle Sun. and We<J. eveninars.
MME. MARQUISE, medium, has removed to
Hyd» ?t. ; readings and treatments daily.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant. te»t_business
medium, life reader; sitting. $_. 1104 Market.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent -to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for . $1.
poFtmre paid.' - - '¦
WANTED
, Coachman for gentleman's place, short dis-
tance In country, $20 per month and found —
Gardener for private • place, near city, $26
and board; 10 vineyard and orchard hands for
different places, - near city, $25 and $26 and
' board: ranch teamsters. $26 and board; mllf.-
e-, 525 and $30
Second cook for mine..... .'. $40
10 woodchoppers. near city $150 per. cord
and others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Farmer and- wife, chicken ranch.
$45: 3 farmers for first-class orchard, $1 day;
6 milkers, $25 and $30: 2 farmers and wives for
fruit ranches, $40 and $55; ship calker's helper,
$2 50 day; blacksmith helper, $1 60 day; 2 fur-
nace men for mine, $2 50 day: 20 woodchop-
pers, SOc, $1 60, $1 75 cord; woodsmen; pond-
man for mill, $30 and board; choreboy for
ranch, $12: laborer for mine. $1 day and boon!
and others. -J. F. CROSETT & CO.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, experienced, reliable
cook, active and strong, speaking German
only, wishes position as cook in good board-
ing-house in country. 667 Eighth St., Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED woman will assist In nice
family where she will have good home and
small wages; good references. Box 3113, Call.
fTHOOL BOOKS bourht and exchanged.
jj.i — ,-. -i,,rjc 0.v.. tci M1*»lor» st.. n»*r Third.
WANTED— Situation by reliable Protestant
woman In American family; good cook: will-
ing and obliging: city references. . Call or ad-
dress Cook, 1325 Minna st.
FINE Fischer A Steinway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary st
REFINED lady desires position as housekeep-
er or companion to lady; a good home more
essential than wages; references given. Dox
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SMALL child to board; best care. 8 Juri Bt.
off Twenty-fifth and Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
rent; »uo. »in jiiwiuu »i. .^u °y"'°.
A NICELY furnished sunny corner flat of 30
rooms for sale cheap. Box 3095. Call office.
CHEAPEST and best -In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th*
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
FIRST-CLASS- laundress wonts situation with
family going to the country for three or four
mbnths; best references; ¦ please .call after «
Sunday. 158t Fifteenth St.. near Mission. ¦
RESPECTABLE German girl wishes situation
as chambermaid or second work; competent
in very fine needle work and sewing. Inquire
418 Octavia st. ; references given.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
«t: cleaning. Sc per yard: tel. Mission 74.
BY trustworthy woman to do housework; good
cook and worker; reference; wages $10 to $12
month. Address 79 Jessie st. between First
and Second: no postals.
12 ROOMS furnished for housekeeping: all
rented ; no agents. 951 Mission, near Sixth.
GREAT sacrifice— Lodging house 16 rooms; low
rent; $175. 619>4 Mission st. No agents.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
FURNITURE WANTED.
PRICE A ROSENBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture. 73» Mission; phone Black 4071
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson *t. : tel. South 228: lowest rate*.
I'ANTED by married couple (desirable ten-
iinth)— Larg»". tunny modern room, with entail
uiartmer.t aJjjlnlng for lightest of housekeep-
iip- breakfast only; private; east of Van Ness
aye. Box 3US£. Csll.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 60. with No.
7 rane». Kin* Fiimttur<» Co.. :i27-im Market.
ICITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
FTEVENS. mer., 38-40 Eth St.; tel. South 250.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
jVct b»ln 414U n'Fnr-»n «t.- t»l. ~a«t 426.
VERY fine Stetnway; must be sold at once;
a beautiful Cabinet Grand upright piano.
$130. Room 12. Flood building. 809 Market st
..WE PAY YOUR FARES
25 laborers, no experience required. .s26 and fd.
To sawmills, woods, yards, etc
SIS woodchbppers, tlemakers, etc., $2 50, $2,
$150, $1. 76c; cord 10c, lie, 12c each; tools,
food, etc. advanced.
.7^?... ........ TO THE MINES :...?..
6 muckers for a quartz mine.... $48 and found
25 laborers, no experience... J3O and found
MECHANICAL HELP.
6 carpenters, 9 months' Job, hand work,
country; carriage trimmer. $3 day; black-
smith; painter for an Institution.. s2s and fd.
log sniper, $40 and found; head donkeyman,
$50 and found; band sawyer, who understands
steam nigger, $4 day; gang edgerman. fare
paid ..$2 75 day
3 coopers, $3 day; weaver wire mattress
..HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS...
29 waiters and wishwashers, $35, $30, $25, $20;
$15 and found. -
19 cooks ..$5O, $15. $40, $35, $30 and found
2 butchers, shops and slaughter.. s3o and found
2 porters, $25, and found, country hotels; 2
bellboys: 6 boys for stores, etc.; 6 laundry-
men, washers, starchers, I Ironers, polishers,
etc., $45, $40, $35, $30 and found; 3 milk wagon
drivers, $30, $25 and found: helper for Insti-
tution; 3 second and helpers on bread. .$3O fd.
hundreds of positions not advertised. MUR-
RAY A READY. C 34 and 636 Clay st -
WANTED — Japanese cook for ranch, $30:
French valet and butler, $40; broilers. $50 to
$55; restaurant cook, $40 and $9 week: second
cook and baker, pastry cook. $10 to $12 week;
waiters," dishwashers and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT A CO., 623 Sacramento st . .
$16— NEW bay-window flat; 5 light rooms: bath,
gas. tubs. 909 Folsom.at.. near Fifth. h
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office: established over five years.
421 Post «t. : telephone Bush 135.
M. MacLEOD'S specialty la buying, selling and
exchanging lodging-houses: if you have such
business it will pay you to call at 170* Market
near Tenth. With G. W. H. PATTERSON.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, oft O'Far-
rell bet Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
BELGIAN HAKES.
30 ROOMS: newly furnished throughout; good
location; transfer point: cheap rent: this is a
gr»at bargain If sold Immediately. RIVERS
BROS.. 227 Montgomery st
IF you want to move get printed list flats to Ist
from BALDWIN ft HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
lancuaces. Mlfb M. G. Barrett. 302 Montey.
ELEGANT sunny flat: 4 rooms, bath. 645 Wil-
low aye., near Laguna st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest bous«
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE'S
24. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
ali other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy that
customer.
X ABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. 30 CFarrell st
FINE assortment of old and new violins In all
sixes' Just received from Europe: they w «
selected by experts for the MJLUVAI3 M_-
SIC CO.. 769 Market st
THE Packard pianos are not cheap planoa. but
they are first-class In tone and unequaled In
finish; you buy them for a short time only at
Introductory prices at MAUVAIS*. 76* ltar>
. ket st
CLERK who speaks Scandinavian and Ger-
man, business house; head waiter, hotel. $50:
see party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. •'¦ .
COFrKE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA?AVELL ft CO.. 412 Paeramento st.
ROUTE cf £44 papers on thl» paper for tale.
Bex 6. Oakland Postoffic*.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private;
-.o fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWF.. atty at law. «:o Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: r>" cfcurpe unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 9:7 Market tV. cpp. Mason.
y H HERZBACH attorney at law. hag re-
Fumed practice at 508 Cal. St.. Clunle bldg.
COMPANY promotion Is our specialty; we at-
tend to everything complete; charters fur-
nished. P.5.M.&1.C0..- 2CO California st. r. 6-7.
ATTOHXEVS AT LAW.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MKRKI, 10OS Mission; vlolln.gultar.
I RETIRING from clothing and gent's furnlsh-
| ing goods business: stock and fixtures for
I sale; store to rent at 44 East st., near Mls-
1 elon: small capital needed.
tirffl— FOß *ale; restaurant: fine location; a
fortune to the right party; owner has two
places. Address box 30.M. Call office.
EXPERT ¦ OPTICIANS.
PIANO lessons; S years' experience; 50c per
hour. Address 1710 Buchanan, near Sutter.
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO/5....104 GEARY ST.
100 teamsters, laborers and rockmen. $1 75 and
$2 a day, for the Coast R. R-. In Santa Bar-
bara Co.; free fare.
20 muckers for a mine, .$2 10 a day; 10 la-
borers, railroad work. $2 a day; 6 farmers for
orchards, $26 and board; 3 milkers. $2o;
cooper, slack work; 50 tlemakers and wood-
choppers.
Baker and assist on range, $10 a week; baker,
country, $40; baker, hotel. $35; baker, country
shop. $30; broiler, $55; cook, hotel. $40; dish-
washer, vegetablemen and kitchen hands, $20,
$25 and $30.
2 bellboys, with good references, country ho-
tel, $15. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
ASTROLOGY.
FOR SALE — Gentleman's road horse and bike
bugiry. DALZIEL. Vet. TVntlst. CO5 G. G. ar.
ARE you In need of a piano? We have a large
assortment of new and second-hand pianos of
the best makers; sold for cash or very easy
payments; $6 down and $8 per month for an
elegant new upright: some good pianos for
$3 $1 and $3 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
A CO.. Stelnway dealers, corner Sutter and
Kearny sts.. San Francisco; corner Thirteenth
and Broadway. Oakland.
LaPIKS— A£ren:«: fouiethmg new. 602 G« iry
<«t.. Pnn Fr?i-"*'fro.
EXCHANGE.
HORSE C years old; cart and harness. Inquire
AGENTS WASTED.
WILL exchange ; very desirable lots in Seattle.
Tacoma or Blame. Wash., for country home
near San Francisco. A. D.. box 3113, Call.
A BRANCH office for the reception ot adver-
tisements and subscriptions baa been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m. ¦
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Switzer's
•Horse Market, Twelfth and Market sts.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ajid
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. • •
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore.
BO HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market st. bet. Twelfth and Brady:
A FEW hundred more sewing machine operat-
• ors will find work In Levl Strauss A Co. s fac-
tory E2H Fremont St. MR. DAVIS, foreman.
EDUCATIONAL.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade' Horse Market,
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN 4: DOYLE. Auctioneers.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENT*.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1?23 Polk st: open until 9 p. m. '
REFINED young man, excellent references, de-
sires position in wholesale house: not afraid
'of work; wages no object. Box 3107, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
B. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 2211
EXPERIENCED apprentice girls on custom
coats: also Dresser. 126 Rubs st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
BALOON on a prominent business street: fair
stock of liquors, cigars, etc.; good fixtures:
living rooms attached; rent reasonable; good
value for price: doing good business; departure
cauae Eale. L. H. COSPER. «32 Market r. 6.
FOR sole— First-class grocery and saloon; good
business for any industrious person; located
in the Mission: selling on account of wish-
ing to retire. Address box 3120. Call.
BOY wants position as errand or office boy.
Address 1011 Minna' st -.
JAPANESE, experienced boy, wants situation
as cook; $5 up week. H. V.. 1527 Pine st.
MISFION LodK- N«. IC9. F. and A. M. m
Called meeting THIS 'WEDNESDAY) _*\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de-7K_2T
gree. C. D. BUNKER. Sec fyr y
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors at
PCIIIMMEL A STOVER'S. 4CB Sutter st
100 PAIRS men's shees. alightly damaged, half
price. .562 Mission St.. bef. Ist and 2d sts.
TO let— Cl«ar store with room, or saloon for
sale. 453 Fourth st.
$450— FANCY grocery and delicatessen store.
1801 Devisadero st. '
GROCERY and bar; 1009 Guerrero st; must
be sold at onco; reasons, leaving for Europe.
$2500 WILL buy a good paying office and Im-
porting business that will pay at the least
$4000 per year If properly handled; reason for
eelllng, have to leave the State on Important
business; have $2000 worth of stock on hand,
staple goods; 1-3 cash, the balance con be
paid out of the business to the right party:
inuKt sell: investigate and see for yourself.
Address box 312 L Call office.
BARGAIN— Grocery »nd bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. S3BH California St.. room 1.
YOUNG woman for oooklng and housework
'small family; references.' 1241 Leaven worth.
TWO-CHAIR '10c barber shop: cheap: $150.
• ¦WILL A FINCK. 21 O'Farrell st. .
GIRL to assist In houswork; sleep at home;
¦ wages $10. 222 Van Ness aye.
GIRL for light housework. Apply at 1339
ii> .KCAIN for buying or eelllng faloons or any
business; faJr treatment Liquor l>«al«rB
Journal. US'-A California st. room
WANTED— Girl \to do light housework; no
washing or cooking.' ' 1448 O'Farrell st. > •
WANTED— TaiIor on fine custom coats; good
pay; steady work. 533 Natoma st.
GOOD waitress. 126 Ninth st.
SOLICITORS to work from wagons In San Fran-
cisco. Oakland. Haywards, etc. Apply 1-5
Fifth st. ¦ ¦' -
WANTED— Good pantsmaker for the^country.
Apply W CAMPBELL & BERNSTEIN. 22
Eddy st. - . - - ' ¦ ¦ ' ,
A— ss3o; ROADHOUSB and resort; fine P'sce.
newly furnished; near Par*. KREDO & CO..
224 6*ary et ' ¦
20 GIRLS to learn to run' machines; raid by
- the week, 733 Market st., room 35.
SITUATION wanted by first-class coachman
and gardener; good, careful driver and willing
and obliging all around worker on gentle-
man's place. • Box 3078, Call office. ..
WANTED--Young girl to assist in housework
and-care of children. Apply at 9268 Fulton.
BRIGHT Japanese boy of good appearance to
learn dentistry; wages at start Address box
'4484. Call office. ¦ '-
SAN FRAACISCO CALL.
FTTCffESS OTTTCK cf the Fan Prandmro
rv'V e-OTTT of Martret and Third *tre»t«. op««i
err! « o'rlock *v*rr mrt-.t !n th* r»ar.
PRANCH OFFICES— LI 7 McnUronjery street
r-rrer Clay; opea cntil 8:30 p. m.
r~O Hares «ti*»t: open \rctll S:JB p. m.
??» McAllirter rtreet; open antrl (49 p> m.
*:; Lartctn street; open until 9:30 p. m.
IfO Mii-don rtreet: open uatll » ?• ra.
r?€l Mertrt «tr-eu coru«r Sixteenth: open
BSCS * U «C
:r« Eleventh rtrert: epra until S p. m.
10ft Valcrrla rtrwt: open until 9 p. m.
IT3 Po!fc rtreet; open nnt'.l t p. m.
Ncrthir**! corner of Tweaty-»*eoad and Kea-
iMky rtrfe?!=: open until 9 p. m.»
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGQINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st', over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gumst the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and 'filled- or
crowned without pain; platen that fit from
$4 to up; open evenings and Sundays. - ¦
EMPLOYMENT ¦] WANTED— MALE.
SITUATION - wanted by a Dane; understands
• gardening . horses, cows, chickens; " can take
X charge of chicken ranch, ¦ run incubator and
'.brooders : best reference. , Address ANDREW
¦ JOHNSON 1313 Broadway. Oakland. -^ _;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 21, 1900,
*20-STORE: 2 show-windows and 3 Urge rooms;
adapted to any business. 422 Sixth -k
HELP 'WANTED— FEMALE.
2 WOMEN to do general housework; girl: to
<. assist with children.' 1304 Post st.
GIRL, 12 to "• 15 years, as company and help
with children; $5. /216 Hickory aye. '
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st. .
PARIS Exposition— Well-educated Frenchman,
familiar with European resorts and languages,
wants position' as guide; references. Address
A. D.; - Crockett, Cal. . "
MOO-SALOON with 3 living rooms; fine trade.
C«IJ «t Liquor Dealers' Journal, W»H OaU-
fcrnla, st. room 1.
DRAUGHTSMAN, good letterer. good tracer,
wants a situation In civil engineer or archi-
tect office; reasonable. Box 3124, Call office.
WANTED— Position as clerk In general mer-
chandise business in ' the country. Address
t M. G., 104 Powell St.. 8. F:
PIANO player for country. Apply 630 Jessie
et, MRS. HUBBART. v
WORK wanted by a middle-aged man that un-
, demands garden and general care of a place;
best of reference. Address J. O. C. 266 Minna.
SITUATION by young man taking care of
horses, cows, . garden; good driver; reference.
Address box 3108, Call office.
GIRLB WANTED. '
To work on shlrta: beginners taught LEVI
BTRAUSS A CO., 16% Fremont St.; elevator.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
SITUATION wanted; care for horses, garden;
good driver; can milk; handy with tools; good
references. Box 3123. Call office.
IDEAL Rold filling Inserted for 76c. with writ-
ten guansntee for 5 years; plates, $3; crowns,
$1 IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy St.
MEYER. Deutpcher Zahnarzt. 6 Turk; painless
ext., crowne, bridgework; open Rund. till 12.
WANTED— Good reliable Swedish or German
girl for general housework and cooking; must
be neat and willing; 4 In f#mily: small wash;
large wash given out; wages $18; reference
required. Address B. F.. lock box 65, Vaca-
vllle. Cat.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House ororrtetor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GET your shoes half-soSed wmle waiting: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission st. bet Ist and 2d sts J!
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. 509 Kearny st, room 2.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full F«t of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer st HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days.- 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. Q.
WANTED— 2 first-class trimmers. North Beach
Wonder, 1411 Stockton st. .
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
WANTED— Neat young German girl to do gen-
eral housework: wages $15. Call 1029 Shotwell.
A YOUNG Frenchman of good education and
¦ reputation, who can speak, read and write
English/wishes to go to the Paris Exposition
with an American family or somebody as an
Interpreter; moderate terms and can give good
references. Address JEAN LACLERQUE, 27
Scott place..- S. F.. Cal.
LINDLLL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
MIDDLE-AGED woman as housekeeper who
understands care children. 131 Valencia st.
FURNISHED rooms, 75c. $1. $1 25 per week.
METROPOLITAN. 514 Fourth st
WANTED— Steady work by a first-class car-
penter and picture framer; will work cheap;
city or. country. Box 3116. Call office.
GOOD waitress wanted;, none but experienced
need apply. 20 Third st.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 887 Geary Bt: dresses
made. $5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit
OPERATORS and finishers; gents' white shirts:
experienced hands. Rogerson's, 535 Valencia.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pi eat-
' Ing. pinking. 151 Post, over O'Connor & Mo flat.
WANTED— Position as city agent or collector;
well acquainted In city; very good references.
Box 3088, Call office.
GOOD German girl for housework and cooking;
must have references. Call 9-12, 1123 Laguna
St.; good wages. ¦ '.
BARBERS' help want employment; city or
country. R., 935H Howard st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
WOMAN to do housework. 131 San Carlos
avenue.
BARBERS— A good barber wants work; city or
country.' Address Barber, box JUO, Call.
HEALD'S Business College. i 4 Post st, S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping. ' shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engln-
«erlng, etc.: new SO-page catalogue free.
BOOKKEEPING as it is done: superior post-
graduate course: rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building.
HORSE. $20; road buggy. $30; business wagon.
$25; delivery wagon. $35. 19 City Hall aye.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlEernent"! and subscriptions has been cpened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est. 1564.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
AN art education free by mall; new system.
Address LEMOS. Artist, Santa Cruz, Cal.
FLATS TO LET.
"aTm^" SPECK "&" C0., /66fMarket St.
713 Greenwich; 6 r.. 51211*45 Howard; 6 r....519
2937 California: 5 r..515|315 Jersey; 6 r....512 50
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing: Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
NINETEENTH, 8980, near Noe— Lovely sunny
lower 6-room flat, with room on porch; $18;
water free.
A-RITHMETIC. bookkeeping, crammar. writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SACRAMENTO, 1361— Flat of 3 rooms; rent
$12 50.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
TWO sunny rear flats of 4 rooms; $8 each. 27
Pearl St., off Market, near Valencia.
CLASSES in German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
$14— WORTH $18; flat of 5 rooms and bath. 1417
Pacific aye.. near Hyde.
6-ROOM sunny flat: rent $14; to adults: 2616
Mission st. Apply 844 Capp st.
$6— LOWER flat. 726' i Harrison st. between
Third and Fourth.
37 ROOMS, good transient corner. $1700: . 120-
room hotel -for rent, fine location: 9 rooms.
$300: private money to loan. - C. 'D. DAVIS,
'room «». 916 Market st
11800—42 ROOMS; corner house: $1000 cash or
trade for house and lots. BASILE. 3 Eddy st
SEE last Sun. Examln.. Chron. and Call for
60 houses sdv. by M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market
EMPLOYMENT WAXTKD--FEMAL_.
$700— SELECT rooming-house: 9 rooms: perma-
nent roomers; new and clean. 437 Golden
Gate aye.
CHAS LKVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st.: telephone Jessie 761.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission sf, pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works. 333 Golden
Gate «ye. : te'.-phone East 126. . .
W E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry A Co.* buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Ml««inn: tel. Red 3353.
R HANSEN & CO. ...PHONE GRANT 185.
". ..:..... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Hotel housekeeper, $50; 2 waitresses, Fresno,
$20- 2 waitresses, Hanford; $20; waitress, Ma-
dera. $20; waitress, Salinas. $20; 3 waitresses,
city. $20- 2 restaurant waitresses, »6; cham-
bermaid, country. $20, call early; woman cook,
$30; fancy ironer, resort. $25. _
„.. FAMILY ORDERS .....
a long list of orders for housegirle nurseglrls.
second girls, for city and country, at wages
from $10 to $25. Apply _
• C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
4 WAITRESSES, same hotel, country; $20 and
fare free; see proprietor at C. R. HANSEN &
CO.' B. 104 Geary st ¦ '<j±
LADY wants to take charge of lodging-house:
competent and reliable. Call at 708 Goldjn.
. Gate aye.
THE .Business Woman's Club (Incorporated),
phone South 279. rooms 201-2-8. 927 Market st
Girl for general housework. $15; young girl,
child's nurse, $20; girl for general housework,
care of child, desirable home; English, Swede
or German girl for general housework, wagea
$12 to $15; girl, cook, housework, neat, $20;
girl for housework In Alameda, five In family.
»22; nurseglrl for child four months old. young
preferred. $20; girl for second work, wages $15,
girl for general housework in Alameda; young
neat cook, must do light washing, wages *2a;
girl for general housework and take care of
child; two waitresses, $6 per week; three for
general -housework; middle-aged' woman lor
general housework; two cooks.
LADY wishes work by the day; sewing of all
kinds or housework. Call or address 1121 Mis-
sion St ' ' ! - '
WANTED- Two waitresses, some restaurant, $6
a week- 2 waitresses, country^hotel, short dis-
tance, sec boss in office to-day, $20; waitress
for institution, $20; waitress, private boarding -
'¦¦ house city, $20; two waitresses for creamery,
$6 a week; chambermaid, wait 2 meals, board-
ing-house, $20; waitress for. hotel, mining
town, $20. See J. . F. CROSETT & CO.. 318
Sutter st. . ¦ ; ' : .- • ¦
FIRST-CLASS all-around | tailor as partner In
well-paying business;, small: capital required.
Box 3130. Call office. , . .
FIRST-CLASS custom shlrteutter: also assist-
ant cutter; ' state wages and . full particulars.
. Box 3128, Call. _. ¦•}
WANTED— German nurse for nice place. $25.
J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 316 Sutter st.
NURSERY governess; must understand French
or German; $30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
NEAT young' girl- to assist; $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 utter st. -
TAILORS for country. : Apply • REISS BROS.
A CO.. 24 Sutter. St. . ¦ •
RESPECTABLE girl wishes a place for gen-
eral housework In respectable private family;
wages }20 to $25. Call 623 Stevenson, nr. 6th.
COMPETENT woman. wants light housework;
cooks well; $12. a month. Call three/days,
7 Van Ness aye. . . ¦
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day,
washing. Ironing or cleaning. Call 103 Van
Ness aye. ¦ * .
BOY- to learn ' light -trade; must live with
parents. Address box 3123, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS woman cook wishes place In
private or boarding house.' Room 12, Mont-
gomery Hotel, 227 Second st. .
STRONG, willing girl, experienced, wants a
position for general housework. Apply at 217
• Polk st.
GOOD barber for - Wednesday. Saturday, : Sun-
day and evenings. Call at 514^4 Third st
WANTED— Good coatmaker, . in or outside. ¦ 628
;¦ Montgomery. ¦: -. , - ¦ -
GOOD lunch waiter. 128 Ninth St.; call early.
SMALL soap factory wants good agent and , t
canvassers. • Apply . 1411 Harrison -st. ¦••' .
WRITE
10
HOF A MAFF.RY of Egypt greatest astrolo-
cl*t end paln-.'.rt In the world; satisfaction
rvure-'M-i *" Oold.n O»te »t».
LOOKING FOR BELGIANS'
High-bred, fancy crt-tures from prize win-
ners in England and America; heavy-weights
and fancy pedl_Tt*d stock. Then correspond
with or natt i'ittc«:k-s Belgian hare
KABBITRY. Elmhurft. Cal. iSir Britain and
other choice bucks at etud.)
BAN KRANCISOO Belgian Hare Co.. 1015 Shot-
veil st. San Francisco. Thoroughbred Belgian
h«r**- Sir Britain. Hex Yukon. Prince Isan-
bury: Ptrvlcc fee $i. Open until 9 o'clock p. m.
UFLGIAN Hare* — Norman Prince. Goldbug and
Kir Styles Ftock; breeding does a specialty.BAT AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOB U.S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Mocticello."
MON., Tues.. Wed.'. Thurs.. and Sat. at f.O
am.; 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p.' m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. . Telephone Main 1503. .
FARE .........:.:........ Ho
COMPAGrTIZ 6ZXXBALE TBASSATL«ifTIQ.tr&
DIRECT LINB to HAVRE-PARI3. -^^
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <SiTr?S
Saturday, from November 2. 1599. at ¦*""ri^»
10 a m . front Pier 42. North River, foot o*
Morton St.: La OASCOONE. March 23; LA
TOURAINE. March 29: LA BRETAGNE, April
6; - L'AQUITAINE. April 12. First-class to
Havre. $60 and upward; 5 per cent reduction
on round tris. Second class to Havre. $45; »
per cent reduction on round tria. OENKRAI*
AGENCY FOR UNITED BTATEB AND CAN-
ADA $2 ' Broadway (Hudson building).- New
York. J. F. FUGAZI * C 0. .. Pacific Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery aye.. Baa BrsTint— >
' DIED.
Ardlizi. Mrs. Soutnie King, Paul
Capelll. Adrew Kreeler. Annie
Cunningham. James Kyne, Patrick
Deinlnger, Louise C. ' Lawler, Patrick
Dirks. Sarah L. McCullough, Peter
Dobie. Mrs. Grace McLeod, Murdock
Dodd, James Maison. Helene O.
Dyes. Minnie Matick. Louis M.
Emery, Eucene Mearns. George
Engelke, August-, Mills. Joseph ,
Flynn. Dominick Nichols. Grace A.
Foley. Morris Parker, Thomas
Gallagher. Elizabeth Rickerby,, Alice B.>
Gies, August Ituhlan.l. Christen
Hamilton, Ernest . Savage, Frank V.
Hartnett, Michael Smith, , Mrs. Anna :
Hughes, 'Mrs. Isabella . Sweeney, Cornelius
Klehl. Jacob* Tuthill. Harry
ARDIZZI— In Oakland. March 20, 1900. Mrs.
. Soutnie Ardlzzl, widow of the late B.Ardlzzi.
mother of Etta and Millie Ardlzzl. and sister
of Mrs. E.G." Zelno and James L. and F.- L."
Depaull. a' native of Bear Valley, Cal,. aged
42 years t and 6 months. (San Jose Mercury
please copy.) ? •• ¦ -' • ;•• ;;••. *.-, ¦¦ -^
E7" Funeral to be held at Kern City, Kern
County, Cal v . '
MARRIED.
SCHMITZ— WILLIAMS— In this city, March 11
1900. by the Rev. John Stephens. C. O.
Schmitz and Rena A. Williams, both of San
Franclnco. • ¦ : ': . .
WARREN— GANIERE— In this city, March 13,
1900. by the Rev. John Stephens, Edward M.
Warren and Emily G. Ganiere, both of Oak-
land. .>'-¦¦' •• '
ST. PETER'S IJOUPE. 706 California— Changed
hands; nicely furnished rooms; also house-
keeping rocmi".
AMERICAN LINE.
nV YOSK. SOUTHAXPTOS. LO3DCS. PaSML
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Kensington ...March 211 St. Louis April 11
New York March 28 New York April IS
St. Paul April 4j St. Paul April tt
RED STAR LIME. .
M«W York, arjd Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. '12 noon.
Kensington ...March ilf Pouthwark April U
Noordland March 2S Westernjand ...April W
Frelsland April 4J Kensington ....April S3
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. SL Michael. Oawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
LEGAL ADVEHTISEMEMTS.
PAXJLCB HOTEL.
C E MePherson, B C
E J Coyle. B C
W A Brenur, Cal
HJ Nelson. Concord
Dr M C Hanssy. Seattl
Mrs M C Henssy. Seat
T F Spencer. Spokane
Mrs T F Spencer. Spok
L T Wright, Shasta
H Weiss. Pa
T F Weiss. Pa
W J Wright, Pa
W J Baker. St Louis
D B Hall. London
A J Osbom'e, London
H Leonard. Nevada
G M Lambertson. Neb
R A Trimble. N V
F Ortcn. N V
C A CaldwelL N T
H F Munn A w. N T
B X Blair A w. N" V
Mrs T H Haskell. N V
S J Halnes. St Louis
C P O'Fallon. St Louis
J E K»!ne, St Louis
Miss S H Rhodes. Mass
Dr S L Miller. Chcago
Mrs E W Halllday. Cg
Dr E Wing. Chgo
Mrs E Wing. Chgo
W M Peyton. Duluth
G«n F H Starring & w.
N T
Mr it Mrs Dameroa.
St Lmils
A Fisher. Nevada
IF H Falk A.w, Wls
j F C Lusk. Chtco
! J E Upson &• w, Ch?o
G H Ilowe A w, Ohio
Miss Flint, Ohio
A A Wallace & w. Mo
R D Jackson, D C
J M Batterton. .V V
R W Sulla. Los An?
J F Sartorl. Los Ang
L Knight. N V
G S Beebe. N V
C F Flood. Conn
Miss A Porter. Portlnd
T W Cochrane. Ky
Mrs J Kllduff. N V
Mrs L D Black Up. Ch«
IH C Richards, Boston
> Mrs H C Richards, Bcs
]F N Richards. Boston
,Miss G S Richards. P ¦¦»
. H S Richards. Boston
E B Lemay A w. Can
F A Meyenburgh Sk w,
! St Louis
Miss Payton. Duluth
!C Scheren A w. N V
LEWIS. IS off Taylor, near Post— 3 unfurnished
and 3 furnished rooms. $10 and $12.
A WEEK'S news for B cents. The Weekly Call.
Zt payee. «n Trrapper. for mailing, $1 per year.
$350—165 ACRES In Sonoma County: plenty
wood and water; S',4 miles from railroad.
13Q1 Devlsadero st. >^
BBAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary Oleeson to Curtis and Elizabeth Pratt,
lot on E Una of Shotwell street. 110 S of. Four-
teenth. 8 25 by E 122:6; $10. -
Lydla B. Gibbons to • Charles P. Gibbons,
lot on W line of Mlslson street. 80 8 of Twen-
ty-second. S 80 by W 125; also lot on W line of
Capp street. 60 N of Twenty-fourth, N 20 by
W 55; also lot on SE corner of Twenty-sixth
and Dolores, S 27 by E 95; also lots 41 and 42,
block 2. Holly Park Tract: also lot on S line of
Twenty-third street. 84 W of Treat avenue.
W 25 by S 100;. also lot on E line of Thirty-
ninth avenue. 100 N of T street.. N 60 by E
120; also property outside ot county; gift.
James A. McMahon to E. M. Herrtck an 4
Thomas Ev Curran (trustees), lot oh W line of
Church street, 80 S of Twenty-second. S 25 by
W 100; $ . •
Same to same, lot on 8W corner of Twenty-
second and Church streets, 865 by W 100; $ .
Mary G. Johnson to John Johnson, lot on W
line of Church street. 101 S of Army, 8 25 by
W. SO; gift. . ... ¦
C. A. or August and Barbara Trtmbom
(Scholl) to G. Grondano and E. Antoni. lot on
8 line of Bay street. 68:9 E of Mason. E 22:11
by S 60; $10.
G. W. Fisher and as trustee to Puget Sound
Lumber 'Company (a corporation), lot on W
line of Tennessee street. 516:6 N of Twenty-
second (Sierra). N 25 by W 100; also lot on N
line of Nineteenth, 130 E of Noe. B 23 by N
114; $20. ' . - s
Katie and Joseph G. McCall to Charles Par-
ent, re-record 1&49 -D. 101, lot on W line of
Fourth avenue, 225 if of Clement street, N 25
by W 120; $10.
Jane and F. T. Newberry to Margaret Gllles-
pie, lot on E line of Third avenue. 125 N of
Point Lobos. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Luclan Helm to M. H. Owens, lot on S line
of M street. 82:6 W of Twelfth avenue, W 23
by S 100: $10.
, Dledrich or Johann D. Anuellne to Magretha
Angellne, lots S8 and 89, Spring Valley Home-
stead; gift.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com-
pany to Carvll W. Marlott. lot 4, block 2. Sub-
division 1, Castro-street Addition; $10.
M. J. and Annie Keohane to- Delia Devlne
(wife of John), 10t. 130, Gift Map 8; $10.
John McDonnell to F. H. Davis, lot 40, block
470. Hudson Garden; $10.
Samuel R. Crooks to William Hale, all In-
terest In block 52, tide lands, bounded by Third
and Fourth avenues, S and Islals streets; $10.
William Hale to A. J. Carmany. all Interest
In same; $10.
Jonathan J. Crooks to same, all Interest In
same; $10.
Robert L. Crooks to same, all Interest In
same; $10.
Ida O. Hodgdon to same, all Interest In same;
$10.
Margaret J. Morffew to same, all Interest in
same; $10.
Florence "A. Browne to same, all Interest In
sttme; $10. -, -. -
A. J. and Sallle Carmany to F. H. Davis, all
that portion of block 52. tide lands, bounded
by Third and Fourth avenues south, Isalls and
S streets south, not Included within the O'Neill
and Haley Tract; $10.
Alameda County.
Andrew Peterson to Sophia F. Peterson, lot
on E line of Adeline street. 225 N of Thirtieth.
N 25 by E 122, being a portion of lot 3. block
C. Map of Lands of Peralta Homestead. Oak-
land: gift.
H F and Ellen S. Gordon to Kathertne M.
Vafley (wife of J. M.), lot on E line of Ells-
worth street, 89:8 S of Oregon. S 44:10 by E
127 :«. being lot 15, block H, Leonard Tract.
F. G. Eastman and E. R. Drew to Lottie F.
Drew lot on SW corner of Parker street and
Hlllegass avenue, S B0 by W 159.45, being lot L
block F, Hlllega.«s Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Andy L. Stone to Elena E. Rodlfer (wife of
R E ) lot on SE line of Fifth avenue. 116.52
NE of Elm street, 6 E 240. SW 116.32. NW. 240.
NE 116.62 to beginning, being lots 277 to 281,
Map of Madison Square, Brooklyn Township;
H and Gertrude C. Englebright to John C
Jamieson, lot on S line of Tenth street. 73 E
of Willow E 25 by S 90, block 700, Oakland r $10.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Ann M. Sny-
der lot 10, block 2097. Alden Tract at Temes-
C< R ' T^lTVa. R. M. and Ashls M. MIIIN
ken' to D B. Mllliken. all Interest in lot on
NE corner of Thirteenth and West streets. N
100 by E 75, being lots 1 to 4. block 184. Oak-
S Mary J Bngelland .to Lene Meyer, lot on E
line of Wood street. 125:5 N of Taylor N 35
by E 100, being the N 35 feet of ths W half
of 10t. 5. block 394, Oakland ; gift. ¦
A GENUINE "Snap" bargain; must sell this
week: SO acres very richest of highly culti-
vated level loam In crop; not an inch of
waste- fenced; 110 bearing fruit trees; resi-
dence, barn. 2 wells, etc; IH miles from city;
only $2*oo.
N. D. SICKELS-the LAND AGENT.
10 Geary st., opp. Chronicle building. S. F.
REAL ESTATE COUXTRV For Sale
$1000— FINE 20-aere ranch; level garden land;
good house; barn full of hay; fine horse,
buggy: 100 chickens and farming tools, etc.:
fare 60c; half mile to nation.
$3Mo— Fine, highly improved 120-aere farm;
good. 8-room house and outbuildings; all in
grain; fare 50c; cheap at $5000.
"Summer Home" Tract; $25 per acre: in
lots to suit; easy terms; finest of valley fruit
and vegetable land; 28 have bought \n-i 15
built houses and more going up: fare 50c
and freight $1 to S. F.; will all be sold before
the end cf the month. ,
$150— Nice 10-acre home, on R. R.: nice land;
some oak trees: payable $10 a month.
WESTERN LAND CO.. 640 Market St.
SCOTT & HARRIS, Real Estate Agents and
Rent Collectors. 20 Post st.
$12,200—8 fine flats on Saoramento. near
Gough; 7 rooms and bath each; rents $S6 50 r
can be Increased to $101 50; mortgage $3500 can
stay,- this is a fine proposition.
$10,800— 16- room house en Washington st-. near
Polk; could be easily changed into flats and
pay well in this fine neighborhood: 40x128; make
us an effer.
«75O— Sunny side Pine, near Fillmore; 3 nloe
flats; large let, 34:6x137:6: large yard; rents $65;
a chance for a good and safe investment.
$70Ci0— Fine store and flat on Washincton st..
near Broderick; rents $52 60; in beet Dart of
Western Addition: $4500 mortgage can stand.
$3500— Nice comfortable home on sunny side
Waller »t., near Brodertck; 7 rooms and bath;
25x110.
$2400— Another cozy home in warm belt; 2Sd
st., near Sanchez.
$2900— Bran new cottage on Webster St.: 25x
100; an excellent bargain.
$1400— New cottage on Bernal Heights; this is
a snan.
$1250— Lot 60x120;. on 17th aye., near B st.;
this Is near new boulevard.
SCOTT & HARRIS. 20 Post st.
PARKER— In this city. March 18. 1900. Thomas,
beloved brother of Carrie Parker, a native of
California, aged 35 years. ¦
E7Friends and acquaintances are< respect-
" fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
.of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 787 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ~:
RICKERBY— In this city. March 20. MOO, Alice
Blossett, beloved wife of William Rickerby.
and beloved mother of Mrs. W. Ferns. Mrs.
J. H. Knarston and Alexander T. 8.. William
J. and Florence B. Rickerby. aged 64 years.
RUHLAND— In this city. March 19. 1900. Chris-
ten Ruhland, dearly beloved husband of
Elteabeth Ruhland. and father of George,
Minnie.' Carl and Rose Ruhland and Mrs. Carl
Zlmmermann. a native ot Baden. Germany,
aged 83 i years and 4 months. ¦
CTFuneral this day (Wednesday), jat 2
o'clock." from the parlors of Charles JV B.
" Metxler. 638 Washington street, thence to
Third and Townsend streets at 8:30 o'clock
! train. ! . Interment ¦ private. Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
SAVAGE— In this city March 19, 1900, Frank
V. Savare. brother of David M. and William
.A. T. Savage, a native of San Francisco, aged
SS years 3 months and 14 days.
C7"lnterrnent private. ;.;*¦•.
SMITH— In this city. March 17, 1900. Mrs. Anna
Smith, a native of Germany, aged 50 years.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the paeiors
of H. F. Suhr A Co.. 1137. Mission street, be-
' tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
SWEENEY— In this city. March 20. 1900. Corne-
lius,' beloved husband of. Ellen Sweeney, and
brother, of Dennis Sweeney, a native of the
parish of Tulough, County Cork. Ireland.
aged 35 years.
tT Notice of funeral hereafter.
TUTHILL— In this city. March 18. 1900. Harry
Tuthill. alias Paul King, beloved son of
Cynthia A. Tuthill of Brooklyn, N. V.. and
nephew of Dr. George B. and Eliza M. Tol-
man of San Francisco, a native of New York.
. aged 35 years. (New York papers please copy.)
. . . fTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this . day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co., 313 Mason
street, between Geary and O'Farrell. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
A NO. 1 young cows: calves 4 days old: each
saUk « gals. day. 1212 Fo'.eom st
VAN NESS aye., 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms
and board; furnished and unfurnished; $.20 up.
$3500— WORTH $4000; store. 3 rooms, bath; flat
above, S rooms, bath; rented $32. Hi; Pacific.
LAB PALMAP. l? 20 Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private: bath; (In. rms. ; board optional.
/ncavovdt co M
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ft EMBALMERS'
. 1225 Market St., between Sth and 9th. I
Telephone : South ,247. ;Y. i.- ; '.; §
COTT>OE— S rooms, bath, basement, stable; %
block from Market st_ Apply 2403 Folsom st.
HOTEL SALISBURY, Hyde and Eddy; changed
hands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
I.'A YE you real estate in the Mission or Har-
rier's Addition that you wish to dispose of
then call on W. J. GUNN. £M California st.
A— HOTEL La ; Normandle, S2» Eddy— Sunny
suites and single rooms; everything new: first-
class table and service; prices' moderate.
IF you have lots in Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wish to sell quickly then
call en VT. J. GUNN. £30 California st.
EXCELLENT board, bath, phone, fine room
for two gentlemen. $3S; 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny and Market; references. Box
JO7?. Call office. . • •
ROOMS A.ND BOARD.
MUST sell— Facing panhandle; Fell st. boule-
vard, the handsome corner building arranged
In 2 houses of t a.nd 11 rooms, with porcelain
baths, electirt? lights, small barn: No. I£SB
Fell et. and 400 Central aye. Make cCsr at
A. M. FPCCK & CO.'S. 667 Market St.
TWENTIETH. 4231, near Castro— A fiat of 4
beautiful large rooms, with bath; completely
furnished for ! housekeeping; . hot and cold
water; ; ras and telephone; new houee; fine
vl»iv; healthy location; In a small, private
family: no cjilldren wanted: rent reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
A- M. SPECK & CO.
Loan Money.
€£7 Market St., opposite Kearny.
JSO.OOO—Grand corner. 75 ft. front; half block
from Market et.. not far from «th: rents $300.
$:¦?. 000— Rare lnveutinent ; vicinity Powell and
Geary; 4-story brick building; stores and lodg-
!r.g h->use above; 24 feet front.
$4^,ooo— Corner; rents $400; modern 'Improve-
ments; lot Stixl2S feet.
$2C :.•'¦<¦, — Near Eddy and Jones; store and 26
room* atxne; modern: pays 7 per cent net.
124,000— Sixth st.; 75 feet front; rents $2400
yearly; rood buildings; 4 stores.
«f< - c; x elegant new fiats; lot ECxIOO ft.;
sll rente<j for IX4 a month: grand bargain.
rre*— Six good fiats; rents $560 yearly; down-
town: lot £0 feet front.
$COO — 3 choice flats; Hayes, St.; mortgage
tv**i: a map. r
fSTA— Comer store and «-room Cat; rents $37;
foreclosure.
«21D0— 4 flats within few blocks of ith and
Market «s : rents $15.
tir.'Hwo nice flats: rent* $1« JO.
tTlO— Eli ri)M and lot 45x72 feet.
A. M. SPECK A CO.. «7 Market st.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
k. wharf. San Francisco: c-^s*^
¦^^. For Alaskan ports. 10 a, m-.
Miffed Mar. 17. 22. 27. Apr. 1. Change
HW^^^. to company's steamers ai
RK ssKs^sA Seattle. • '• •
UllVl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
W^^A] c.). Port Townsend. Seattle,
l*^^BßH9n Taccma, Everett. An*cortes
' a nd New Whatcom (Waih.).
.-^^^ 10 a. m.. Mar. 17. 22. 27. Apr.
1. and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for A las ka
and G. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N. P. «y-. ai
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. - ,-,_
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Mar.
20 25 $0 Apr 4, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Snt. Crw. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obljpo). O**™*-
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme l?° £?£ a
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and w Port• 9
a. m.. Mar. 18. 20. 24. 28. April 1. and every
°For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), U a. in..
Mar. 18. 22. 28. SO, April 3. and every fourth
da For A En e senada. Magdaleaa Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a, m.. Mar. 8. and 7th
of each month thereafter. M^^«^.
For further information obtain company s
°Th"c' comoany reserves, the right to ctaan
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICK— 4 New Montgomery
street (Pal»ce Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Acts.. .
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
John Wright, 33, Oakland, and Mary H. Wil-
son, 25, Los Angeles. » r „
William S. Taber. 24. 603 Eddy street and
Bertha A. Ferris, 21. 184 Hawthorne street.
Cristobal Slckavizza, 3&. Guatemala, and An-
gela Perusina. 35. Guatemala.
Abraham I. Tanzman, 37, 1022H Folsom street.
and Elsie Cohn, 19, 1042 Folsom street.
William E. Gilmour, E2, Fresno; and Laura
M. Straube, 38. Fresno. . .
MCALLISTER. 320— Nicely furnlehed sunny sin-
gle front room, $6.
MINNA. «67. corner Eighth— New furnished bay
window room. $1 per week; transient.
LEAVENWORTH. 1015— Three rear connecting
unfurnished rooms; bath; rent $10. '
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, March 20.
Stmr Noyo, Hansen, 16 hours from Fort
B Bhlp'Two Brothers. Wilson. J days from S*
at Bchr E X Wood. Hansen. 12 days from Ta-
Schi- Glen, Nielsen, 16 days from Grays Har-
Schr S Danlelson, Crangle, IS days from Slu«
law River.
BAILED.
Tuesday, March 10.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen. Portland, etc. .
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund. Greenwood.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson. San Pedro.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. Coos Bay. ¦¦*
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Eva. Ramsellus, Eureka. ¦
Schr Mary and Ida, Ipsen. codflshlng.
Schr Sparrow, Clements, Eureka. <
RETURNED.
Tuesday, March' 10.
Schr Rellanoe, Johnson, hence March 18. re
turned from Drakes Bay on account of losing
anchor. ' TE IeGRAPHIC.
v POINT LOBOS, March 20. 10 p m— Weather
haxy; wind NW. velocity 6 miles. "*•: "* <£-
SPOKEN.
Per brig Tanner— March 14, lat 40 64 N, lon
125 4S W, Br schr Dora Seward. 368 seal skins;
all W81 .." DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived March JO— Nor stmr l<e
ander, hence March 15.
Sailed March 20— Br. stmr Glenorfe, for, Yo
kohama; schr Alcalde, for San Franclseo. ¦
POINT • REYES — Passed March 30— Stmr
Newsboy, from Ventura, for Usal.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March I»—Stmr.West
port, from Eureka; stmr Coquille River, hence
March 17; schr La Gironde, from Grays Har
bor. March 20— Schr John F Miller, from Grays
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 20— Schr
Wm F Wltzeraann. from Hllo.'
SEATTLE— SaiIed March 19— Stmr Humboldt.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed March 20— Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco.
Arrived March JO— Stmr Sequoia, from New
'"pOßT LOS ANGELES— Arrived : March 1»—
Nor stmr Titania, from Nanalmo. r =;
GREENWOOD— Arrived March JO— Stmr Al
cazar hence March 19.
CRESCENT ClTY— Sailed March 20— Stmr
Aloha, for San Francisco. _ _^ • _
.-• CASPAR— Arrived March - 20— Stmr Clsone.
hence March 19.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to March 20— Btmr
Alameda, - hence Feb Jl. ; :.:• : ¦¦.
ANTWERP— Arrived March 17— Br bark Al
mora. hence Aug II." - * : ¦
• SHlELDS— Arrived March 18— Br shlD Bea
con Rock, hence Oct 71.
NANAlMO— Arrived March »o— Stmr Mlneola.
from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed March 20— Br Btmr Robert Adamson.
for S»n Francisco. :. - v > . . ¦
:...:. OCEAN STEAMERS.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived : March 20— Btmr Wer
ra. for Naples and Genoa, from New York.
¦ SYDNEY. NSW— Arrived Drior to March 20—
Stmr Alameda, from San Francisco, y»a Hono
- BOULOGNE— Sailed March W-^Stmr ; Phoeni
cia, from Hamburg, for. New York.
NEW YORK-rArrlved March 20— Stmr Trave,
from ¦ Genoa, f etc; • stmr Noordland. from Ant
- Sailed March' 20— Stmr Lahn, for Bremen, via,
Southampton. . . ; ..'. - •'
PROPO3ALS will be. received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department.
Washington. D. C. until 12 o'clock noon, April
10 1900, and publicly opened immediately
¦ thereafter, to furnish at the Navy Yard.
Mare Island, Cal., a quantity of window glass.
Joist hangers, steel shapes and plates, lum-
ber, electric motors, hose, iron pine, locks,
hardware and flre proofed lumber. Blank pro-
posals will be furnished upon application to ths
bureau or to the Navy Pay Office,- Ban Fran-
cisco Cal. A. S. KENNY.
8-9-00 Paymaster General, U. 8. N.
PROPOSALS.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7SI Mission St.— Select
family rooming house; $1 50 to $3 per week.
GIRARD HOUSE. 192 Seventh— Pleasant sunny
rooms: day or week; moderate rates.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Continued from Page Eight.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms;sultes or single; travelers accom.
ROOMS TO LET — Faro, and tnforn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 145 Sixth-Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
Benham — I claim that the stage I" an
educator. Mrs. Benham — I don't aarreo
¦with you; you took me to a temperance
play the other night, and went out thre«j
times between the acts.— Harper's Bazar.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
HYDE,' 40R— Sunny front suite, ground floor;
yard, sink; for housekeeping: sep. entrance.
LARGE stmny housekeeping rooms, complete-
ly furnished. 106 Eleventh 61^
HOWARD. 1524— 2 front rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping: gas range. ,
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
HOWARD. 704. cor. Third— Nicely furnished
front rooms; also housekeeping.
HOWARD. 1129—2 sunny housekeeping rooms,
$12; also sunny corner room.
SUNNY rooms, single, en suite and housekeep-
ing; $4 up. Hotel Shasta. 1226 Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H Van Gelder, AcampoJ
R N Hawley. Cal- t
J F Moore & w. Minn
A G Stoll, Cal -j
C R McKenzie. Antioch
S A Ewlng, Monmouth
A Henklng. S Diego
W A Hoot. N V
S P Poland. San Jose
W R Fischer & w. Pa'
T L Reed. Reedley
M T Jones, Vlsalla
Mrs M H West. Cngo
J T Grace, S Rosa
Mrs S B Gordon. Cal
Miss S Cox. Watsonvlll
Mrs F S Churchill. la
Mrs C C Strong. lowa
A T Rom, Burllnsrton
O Krerap. Germany
J M Steward A w. Butt
C W Rogers, L Ang
M B Fassett. L Ang-
F F Hurley & w.'Mlnn
A Tatterson & w. Cal I
Mrs J O JTlepage. Cal
H R Johnsono, Sacto
O W Ocabeck & w. Or
W Ralph. Alvarado
H J Nelson. Concord
Mrs F L Smith. Phlla
J A Boyd, N V
C W Clifton. N V
F P Oark& dau. Pa
W Folllnl. S Jose
O G Lloyd. Ft Wayri* '
C O Ashley. N V
C N Marders, Colusa
W Hart, Boston
J H Russell. Boston
Mrs S E Dale. Ch^o
S A Dale & w. Cal
P Musto & w, Stockton
H E Adams, Stockton
O J Lawson, Lodl
W R Beale. Redding
A B Miller & w. Cal
J F Ellison. R Bluff
Miss L B Sldell. Chgo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Wilson. Sulsun
M Penfleld & f.Cornlng
F Butler. Oroville ¦
O Wilson. Rio Vista
W Mark*. San Josa
Capt Nelson. S Diego
P W Halsey. Kana
W G Sener & w. Stktnj
W E James. San Diego
W C Wellington. Cal '
O A Smith. Arizona.
DrTM Smith. Aril
J Ryan. Redding
J Gaulden & w. Sacto
S E Ballard. Sta Rosa
P F Martin. Fresno
W H Schmelz. Md
C W Loomls. Haywrds
W F McClure. Truckea
F L Horning. Merced
HOWARD. E2s— Rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping.
OAKLAND REALj' ESTATE.
$4500 WILL buy new modern house, 12 rooms;
fine Improvements: large stable. 1520 Eighth
aye.. Oakland: keys next door south.
GUERRERO. 1147— Sunny front room, bedroom
and kitchen; furnished; $12 50. - ¦
Time— *ri, :23H: H. :48j %. 1:14. Good start. Won first threw driving. Winner. E. Corrigan's
br sr.. by RHey-Hattle Harris. McOee outgamed Pirate. Decoy arrived lats. Mountebank
quit. Scratched— Antolnetta 107.
FOLSOM. *34 — 2 large sunny connecting house-
keeping rooms; stove, closets, bath; private;
$10 a month. _^__
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
FILLMORE, 2212, near Clay— s7, 2 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard; water.
O«t4. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds: purse. $400.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA, 2523— Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FRUITVALE FURNISHED COTTAGES.
A LOVELY cottage, furnished, to rent (four
months or longer), to adults only; location
unsurpassed. Inquire "James" Cottage. Fruit-
vale aye., cor. Pleasant St.; electric cars pass
door.
BUFH. 616— Suite of rooms, with use of kitchen
and bath; also sunny single room; rent rea-
sonable.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FINE building lots in center of Stockton City:
cheap. McLAUG"LIN ft CO.. 777H Market.
MARION GRIFFIN, Tl9 Market, nr. Call bldg.
Land for sale In Sonoma, Contra Costa, Glenn.
Santa Crus. Shasta and Tehama Cos., CaL
rLI'MBEHS.
W. E. LANE, phone Main Xl 5. 603 California
St.; everybody's clumber.
COO ACRES in Stanislaus County, near rail-
road; water; growing crops; under fence and
all other Improvements. For particulars ad-
Crees or call W. P. CROW. 1334 Polk. city.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
CR. C. C. O-DONNELL-OTflee and residence,
KTIH Market *t «>et. PJxth and Seventh.
PHYSICIANS AXD SLRGEO.XS.
Oflg. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. %VO.
A BARGAIN: $2000 ranch for $1200; 160 acres,
house, barn, stock, furniture; all level; party
going to Cape Nome. Particulars to H. MAY-
NARD. Hunters, Tehama County. CaL
Time—^4, :25: H. :5Ui: \, 1:17; mile, 1:42 M: lHm. l:07H- Good start. Won first three driv
ing. Winner. E. Corrtpan's eh. t, by Montana Regent-Geneva. Henry on wlnnar looked hop«
lessly pocketed a tlxteenth from home, then pulled out and won wlta a rush. El Mldo
ran a nice race^^^_ -^-^->_rw^_r^-^-^>-^ r-.r-.r-, l -«--.
Time— %. :24H: H. :49; %. 1:14. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. D. McCarthy's
eh. h.. by Flambeau-lmp. Rosetta. Rosalbra stood plenty of riding. Sorrow Inclined to
back up. Mr. Johnson turned himself loose too latev. Yule will do. Start killed chances
of Royal Prize. Scratched— Taranto 111.
LARGE dry store-room to. rent; very cheap.
730 Chestnut st.
A FINE suit to order $10 75. or pants $S 75; our
»p*cia.lty in remnants allows us to sell cheap-
«r than ready-made. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
•t.. b*t- 7th and Sth. prop. One-price Tailor-
ing Co.. C 32 Kearny. near Sacto.; also 1644
ilarket St.. under St. Nicholas.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market St.;
tel. South C 35; packing, moving and storage.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
"HAIR Ixy-tor's Remedy"; no polnon. KI'ES-
TER N. Q. depot. Oakland; details: stamp.
ETAMMURING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M., Ph.D., 1315 LlnJen St., Oakland.
I'UUSO.NALS.
AM going to start a private home for old gen-
tlemen who crave independence of relatives
and yet want home comforts and privileges;
references. Applicants address for further
information •M. L., Call office, Oakland.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
MME. Neergxard. Pres. St. Germain College or
Palmistry: read* 1 to «. €16 Geary, nr. Jones.
CAPELLI— In this city. March 20, 1900, An-
drew, beloved son of the late Catherlna and
Glacomo Capelll. and brother of Lena Ca-
pelli, a native of San Francisco, aged 21
• years 1 month and 8 days. - ;
CTTriends and acquaintances are, respect-
8 fully notified to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o clock, from his late
residence, 1720 Stockton street, thence to Sts.
Peter and Paul's Italian Church, where a
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, March 20, 1900, at
his residence. 2410 Folsom street. James V.;
beloved husband of Alice J. Cunningham, and
father of James F., Louis P., Thomas H..Paul
J.. Ellxabeth R.. Anna and Jeanette Cun-
ningham, ' Mrs. J. J. Dunn and Mrs. W. E.
6 tret, a native of County" Monaghan, Ireland,
aged 70 years.
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
DKININGER— In this city, March 20, 1900,
Louise C dearly beloved daughter of Charles
H and Louise Delnlnger, and sister of
Charles, Bertha and Minna Delninger. a na-
tive of Lob Angeles, aged 9 years and. 3
months.
DIRKS— In this city, March 20, - 1900, Sarah
Louisa Lrtrks. beloved wife of John J. Dirks.
' beloved mother of Louisa Dirks, and daughter
of Johana Murray, a native of California,
aged 49 years and 5 months. • ".„
C^-Remalns at the parlors of th« Golden
Gate Undertaking Company, 2429 Mission
street, near Twenty-first.
DOBIE— In this city, March 'l9. 1900, Mrs. Grace.
Dobie. beloved mother of Katie Doble. a na-
tive of Wales, aged 45 years. .
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resl-
'dence 1255*4 California street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DODD— In Honolulu, January 2J, 1900, James
Dodd. brother of William and Adam Dodd. a
¦native of Belfast. Ireland, aged 52 years.
DYES— In this city, March 20, 1900, Minnie,
wife of the late John.J. Dyes, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 8S years. .
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 216 A Ritch street, thence to St." Rose's
Church, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.-
EMERY— In the City and County Hospital.
March 20. 1900, Eugene Emery, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 63 years.
ENGELKD— In this city. March 20, 1900. Au-
gust, beloved husband of Elizabeth Engelke,
and father .of Emma, Leontlne, August.
Charles, Albert. Ella, Willie and Gertie En-
gelke. a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 65
years 3 months and 20 days.
ICTNotlee of funeral hereafter.
FOLEY— In this city. March 19. 1900. Morris
Foley, dearly beloved son of the late Mathew
and Catharine Foley, and beloved brother of
Mrs. J. Langstaff. Mrs. H. C. Nichols and the
late P. Foley and Mrs. C. Lenhardt, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 19 years and 11
months. .
ICTFuneral this day (Wednesday), at . I
o'clock, from his late residence, 44 Langton
street, between Seventh and Eighth, off How-
ard, thence to St. Joseph's Church, corner
Tenth and Howard streets, for services. In-
terment private. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FLYNN— In this city," March 19, 1900, Domin-
ick, son of the late James and Mary Flynn,
¦and brother of Kate and Alfred Flynn, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 20 years and 15
days. (Willows, Glenn County, papers please
copy.)
$y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of S W. Hallowell, 1M24 Polk street,
thence to St. Brigld's Church, corner of Van
Ness avenue and Broadway, where a solemn"
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of hi^ eoul. commencing at 9 o'clock.
' Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this city. March 20. 1900,
Elizabeth, dearly beloved daughter of Mary
and the late Patrick Gallagher, and beloved
sister of Mrs. Charles Wilson and Patrick and
Thomas Gallagher, a native of San Francisco,
aged 23 years 1 month and 14 days.
fnTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence ISSV4 Silver street, between Third and
Fourth, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
requiem hleh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Crocs Cemetery.
GIES— In this city. March 19, 1900, August,
dearly beloved husband of Mary E. Gies,
father of the late Edward and Lilian Gies,
son of Franclsca and the late Klllan Gies.
brother of George Gies and Mrs. J. F. Moran,
and brother-in-law of Frank Houston, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 34 years and 6
C7 Friends of the family are Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
10 o'clock, from the parlors of Valente, Marlni
& Co ; 1524 Stockton street, near Union. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAMILTON— In this city. March 20, 1900. Er-
nest, beloved Infant daughter of Joseph and
' Katie Hamilton, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months and 11 days.
HARTNETT— In this city. March 20, 1900,
Michael Hartnett. beloved father of Mrs.
Annie Sullivan and James and Julia Hart-
nett, a native of County Cork. Ireland. ,
(ET-The funeral wtlj take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o-' clock.. from his late resi-
dence, 343 Jessie street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
HUGHES— In Oakland, at the Alameda County
King's Daughters' Home . for Incurables.
March 20, 1960, Mrs. Isabella Hughes, a native
ot Shelbyvllle, Ky., aged S3 years -and 1
month. •
KIEHL— In this city. March Is, 1900, Jacob
Kiehl. beloved brother of the late Judge Karl
Kiehl of Brooklyn, N. V., a native- of St.
Julian, Rhelnpfalz, Germany, aged. B4 years.
A member of the San Francl*eo Turn Verein.
(Pr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the San
Francisco Turner Hall. Turk street, between
Hyd« and Leavenworth. Cremation I. O. O.
F. Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of the
¦Gantner & -Guntx Undertaking Comoany, s
and 10 City Hall square.
KING— In this city, March 18. 1900. Paul King.
Look under the name of Harry Tuthill for- fu-
neral notice of Paul King.
KRESLER— In the City and County Hospital,
March 20, 1900, Annie Kresler. a native of
California, aged 24 years.
KYNE— In Butte, Mont., March 16. 1900, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Elizabeth Kyne, and
brother of John and Mary W. Kyne, I a na-
tive of Headford, County Galway. Ireland.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St, Joseph's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
LAWLER— In this city, March 19, 1900, Pat-
rick, dearly beloved hueband of Marie Law-
ler, and loving father of John, Annie. Lizzie,
Edward and Thomas Lawler, a native of
County Carlow, Ireland, aged 62 years.
(C7"The • funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1623 Folsom street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McCULLOUGH— In this city, March 18, 1900,
Peter, beloved husband of the late Annie Me-
Cullough, and father of Mary, Katherine and
Peter McCullough, a native of Legcloughfln,
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 63 years. •
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
. residence. 1113 Folsom street, corner of Lang-
ton. thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose, of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McLEOD— In' this city, March 20, 1900, Mur-
dock McLeod, a native of New York, aged 21
years. .
MAISON— In this city, March 19, 1900, Helens
G. Maison. ¦ beloved wife of the late H.
A. Maison, mother of Mrs. F. W. Thomas' and
. Bernard snd Louise Maiwin, and -sister of
Bernard H. Lucke, a native of San Francisco,
aged 43 years 5 months and 18 days. -
fCTFriendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence,' 117 Beulah street, thence to the French
Church of Notre Dame dcs Vlctolres.' where
: services will be held. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. ¦ : ' * "
MATICK— In this city, March 18, 1900, Louis M..
dearly beloved husband of Annie Matick, and
loving father of -May, Lizzie and Annie
Matick and Mrs. Luke Battles, a native of
Ilagorsa, Austria, aged 73 years and 6 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:So*o'clock. from his -late
. residence.' 130« Pacific street, near Leaven-
worth, thence to St. Brlgld's Church, corner
of Van Ness avenue and Broadway, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
. the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEARNS— In this city. March 20, 1900, sud-
denly. George ' Mearns. beloved husband ¦of
Elizabeth Mearns. and father of Mrs. T. R.
Flnley and ¦> George S. : Mearns, a native of
Scotland,- a*ed 7« years.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. . .:'
MILLS— In Mill Valley. March 19, 1900, Joseph
.Mills, father of Arthur D., Joseph 8., Edythe
E and Jeannette 8. Mills, a native of Yonk-
.- era,-N. V., aged 54 years and 6 months.
NICHOLS— In ' Oakland, March 20. \ 1900, Grace
- A., beloved, wife of C. E. Nichols, and mother
of Leo L. and Harry B. Nichols, a native of
New Brunswick. Canada, jsged >ES years 1
month and 3 days. (St. John. N. 8.. paper*
' please copy.) ¦¦ - . ¦
C^ Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
• tend the , funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence. 684
: Twenty-fourth , . street,:, Oakland. Interment
_ private.' _- ; -.. y ¦ ¦-" "."'¦" ':' ; \ .' ; . :'¦ . -; •
PALMISTRY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAKCfI, T 21, 1900.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 19C0, by H. H. Egbert.
TANFORAN PARK, Tuesday. March 20. 1900.— Weather fine. ! Track fast.
L^yfy^ in the Goldfields, a "y
p^S^ 1 Winchester ßepeating ßifle
ifl BiOi Winchester
n lg Ammunition
¦S^ Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send name and
fflsß IIHI Ej£*f" address en a postal card for 160-paga illustrated
jfcJfeß ml^ Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
¦^^^LL^r* •*• * l 8 rtarket Street, Sain Francisco, Col.
050. FIRST RACE— Three and a half furlongs: maiden-two-year-old fillies; purse.' IJOO.
EJ>W. BELLE — Oudry. photographic Parts-
iecne. Entrance on Thirteenth st-, near Wash-
ington. Oakland. . .
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mads;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery Et., rooms 1-10; tel. 6520.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 819 Third.
THE very neatest parlors in the city and only
25c for the very latest hair styles; manicur-
ing, 25c; cpenSundays. 9 to 12. G. LEDERER,
122 Stockton st.
6liWl.\O MACHI.XKS A.\l> SUPPLIES.
LEDERERS Quintonlca Hair Tonic $5c bot.
and L*derer's Foarr.o Shampoo 5e pkg. are
iUBt what Lederer uses at 123 Stockton st.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 146 6th; phona Mint 43.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates;
10 years' experience. J. B. RAY. Si* Jessie St.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrtne at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
ASTHMA cure give* perfect relief. Call or
agrees N. A. DILLON. 1229 Vallejo St.
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post st.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711.
Time— 3-16, :1S; 7-16, :42. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. 'Coupled with
Screenwell Lake. "Coupled with Princess Leota. ***Coupled with Chaste. Winner. A. J.
Stemler & Co.'s eh. f., by Eon-Mermaid. Eonlc came home alone. Merida Just lasted out.
Scratched— Loneliness. 105. Ada Fox 105.
964). SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; selling: four-year-olds and upward; purse, 1400.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Tfclrd st., near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 SO per night; $1 50 to M per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LLANO'S second-hand clothing etore. 79 Ninth:
Ml value given for ladles', children's cast-oa
clothing, trunks, etc. Phone, Howard 1182.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia: all j*ln leaves like marie from her
wonderfully rifted hands. 1543 Howard st.
WANTED— Old gold for manuf'g. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
061. THIRD RACE— One mile and a quarter; sailing; four-year-olds and upward; purse, ttOOl
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
lnr ca'.l on B Cohen. 117 Third: tel Black 4123.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold, euverman, 954 Folscm; tel Folsom 1191.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1400— CORNER "lot; Santa Clara aye.; 50x150;
near Morton-st. station.
$1500- Fine lot; &0xl50; Para St.. near the
bay; bargain.
$1000— Elegant lot. west side of Lafayette St.,
sear San Antonio aye.; snap.
$3xoo— New modern 8-room house: Alameda
avenue, near Lafayette St.: large lot.
$3500— New Colonial, 7-room cottage; Grand
St., near Alameda aye.; easy Installments;
large lot: snac.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda; , all the
above can be bought on easy terms.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats H. M. HEINEMAN. 108 Pansome st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMEiNTS
KKAL SSTATK CITY KOlt SALE.
O. G. MAY A CO. offer these new modern
Berkele homes for sale.
$2*oo— « rooms : d bath.
$3250—7 rooms and bath.
$3500— 8 rooms and bath.
$3700—9 rooms and bath.
$4250-9 rooms and bath..
All with street work done; also cottages
from $1000 upward; see our fine building sites.
O. G. MAY & CO.. opp. High School. Berke-
ley Station.
Time— H. :24>4;-H. :4S; %. 1:13 H. Good start. -Won easily, second and third driving. Winner.
E. Corrigan's eh. jr., by Imp. Inverness-Affinity. Smart one* all backed winner. Ollnthus
weakly handled. Mocorito very lam* going to post. Jennie Reid pocketed from start.
Pcr^hej^lner AljcelCg^^laiialO^ailssirarlo^^
OG3. FIFTH RACE— MiIe and a sixteenth: selling; four-year-olds and upward; parse. JWOi
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
I HAVE city and country property to ex-
change. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st_. S. F..
near Call building.
Time— l-16. :6H: 5-16, :32; 9-19. :57: 13-18. l:22*i: mile. 1:41: 1 l-l«ra. I:4SJ». Good start. Won
easily, second and third driving. Winner. W. M. Cahlll's b. g., by Imp. Midlothian-Mottle.
Plaid was best.' Sliver Tone stayed longer than usual. Reed blew up. at stretch turn. Fa
cade no speed. Scratched— Anchored 107. Tom Calvert 111. Rapldo 111. Stromo 107. Inv-rary
II 11L
FIFTH. 34K— Two rooms furnished for house-
keeping; cheap rent.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 103 (50
cents per share) of the Oceanlo Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market street, on and after Mon-
day. Anril 2. 1&00. Transfer booka will close
on Tuesday. March 27. 1900. at Z p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARKET. IP2«— 2 rooms furnished for light
housekeeping. $6. .
MOPS. 13, off Howard, near Seventh— 2 or 3
rooms furniFhed complete for housekeeping.
MISSION. 1241— Front and back room; regular
kitchen; stove; hot water; furnished complete;
quiet. , -
642 STEVENSON, between Seventh and. Eighth.-.
In sight of the new postofn>» — 2 furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath; central^
VAN NESS aye.. 400 — 3 neatly furnished con-
necting rooms; stationary, tube; fine yard;
run all day; northeast corner.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109s
Valencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
et 1223 Polk rt.: open till 9 p. m.
IN the District Court of the United. States in
and for the Northern District of California,
in the matter of CYRUS N. KNUDSEN.
bankrupt, take notice that CYRUS N.
KNUDSEN. bankrupt, above named, has been
duly adjudicated a bankrupt under the act
of Congress of July 1. 1898. and that the
first meeting of the creditors has been called
to meet at the office of the undersigned at
room 94. Chronicle building, San Francisco,
California, on Saturday, the 31st day of
March, 1900, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of proving their claims
against the estate of said bankrupt; and that
at the same time and place all creditors
whose claims have been duly proven and al-
lowed shall appoint one or three trustees of
eaid estate.
Dated San Franci s;o. March 20, 1900.
MILTON J. GREEN,
Referee In Bankruptoy.
In and for the City and County of Ean
Franc ieeo.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, elngle: also unfurnished.
EABTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.
Sl4.BoO— Plae et.. near. Mason: 3 modern Cats,
t. 7, $ rooms and bath; rents $1345 per
annum; ail rented.
«IO.BOO— MAKE OFFER-SSSOO mortgage can re-
main; Northwest corner on Jones St.;
12 rooms, bath, etc.; elegant residence:
parlor and parlor mantel In Toya wr«->d
from the South Sea Islands; hall and
stairs in imported English oak; 45-foot
conservatory; lot 65:9x73:6.
$«50ft— ELEGANT FLATS-SSSOO.
A7OO CASH, balance $54 per month: 2 ele-
gant new morfren fiats of S and 7 rooms
ar.d bath, porcelain tubs; fine tils man-
tels, frvecoed dome ceilings, tts. ; lot
3x106:3 feet; close to Park Panhandle;
rents Ko per month.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
(8,006 — New elegant house, 12 rooms and bath;
beautiful. artiFtlc and modern In every
particular; every modern lmp')v»ment;
on Ccle St., near Park Panhanil'.a.
BANK FORECLOSURE.
$3.500— » Cats en Broderick st-. near Orore;
rente $3y per month; lot 25x100.
CHEAP FLATS.
$3,750—2 weM-built fiats of 6. 7 rooiss and bath;
rents $:.4 per menth: on Point Lobrs
aye., near Fourth; lot 28x100 feet.
PATS I2ti PER CENT.
$3.75A— 0n Clementina et.. near Second; * fiats
of fi. 1. 3 rooms; lot 2jxSo.
MISSION COTTAGE.
tI.SOO — Weji-bullt. r.ice appearing cottage of 6
r<v->m» snd bath on Twenty-third st; lot
£sxloo.
NEW MISSION FLATS.
IS.OOJ— On Fifteenth st.: 2 legant modern flats,
6 and 7 r-^ms and btth; beautiful tile
mantels. por<"«'.ain tubs, frescoed dome
ceilings, round bay-window, etc.; rents
$C 2 Za> per month.
WHY GO TO THE SAND HILLS
FOR LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS
WHEN FOR
f2S pnwx and 119 j*r month you can get
a nice lot with fine view on Mlsslon-«t.
car line; price $3!io and up.
AND FOR ¦
$100 r*~'WN and 120 per month, level lots on
Hrde-et. car line; fine view of bay;
prie«« $».=* and up.
—AND FOR
A FINE LOT ON HAIGHT ST..
Among Fine Residences.
COO 1.-OWN and $2') per month; price $2000.
MAKE OFFER.
$?V) BANK MORTGAGE CAN REMAIN:
highest bid over the mortgage gets lot
on Twenty-second street, near Church;
size 25x114 feet.
$I.lso— Fine level lots In the Mission on nice
bitumenized street at a bargain; will
build on them to cult; can arracge
terms to suit.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
€2S Market St.
CALIFORNIA, 2531—2 elegantly furnished par-
lors, to suit tenant; cheap^
CARROLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. corner; well fum.: rma. & offices.
CLARA, 16€. near Fifth— 3 rooms to rent; rent
$7 SO. • ¦
FELL. «23— Family owning home will accom-
modate a few gentlemen.
FOLSOM. 565. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms; suites or single; new rogmt.
NOTICE to Creditors— Estate of- THOMAS M.
CLUFF, deceased. Notice is hereby given by
the " undersigned executors of "the last will
and testament of THOMAS M. CLUFF, de-
ceased, to the creditors of and all persons
having claims against the said deceased, to
exhibit them with the necessary vouchers,
within ten months after the first publication
of this notice to th* said executors at the
office of John H. Dickinson, room 25, third
floor. Mills building, San Francisco, the same
being their place for the transaction of the
business of the 'said estate In the city and 1
county of San Francisco. State of California.
¦ WILLIAM CLUFF.
W. A. HALSTBAD,
A. E. CHENEY,
Executors of the Estate of THOMAS M.
CLUFF, Deceased.
Dated at San Franclseo, March 20, 1900.
JOHN H. DICKINSON, attorney for estate.
HOWARD. 829— Rooms from $1 week up to $5,
25c to $1 night; also housekeeping romos.
HOWARD. 131S— Nicely furnished single front
room.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
CASTRO VALLEY INVESTMENT.
$17.<i00— Ten flats ana cottage: large lot, three
fror.tajre*; rents flTl ; a snap; will trade for va-
cant proi*rty.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESD3ENCE.
$6300 — Octavia St., near Broadway; two-story
residence of & rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6;
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
SITES.
Entire block, bounded by Folsom St.. Treat
aye., J3th and 14th *ts.. being offered In subdi-
visions; call at office and get diagram; $1200
and upward.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$4<\iT<o— Third-st. corner: 137:6x137:8; store and
flats; good improvements: rents $250.
H5.00Q — Folsom-st. corner; manufacturing
district; three frontares; rents $170; lot 100xS7:8.
AN OFFER WANTED.
VSra— Ritch St.; 5 flats; rents $42 60; lot 22x80.
$6.'O»— Rente $65; Natoma st.. near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flats above; lot 2Cx75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$7V>O each— Facing Jefferson square on Laguna
et. : special offering of several choice residences;
get diagram and particulars at office. •
$3500 — Hayes st.. near Lyon; 2-story and base-
ment residence; 1" rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
CORNER LOT. .
$5000— Van Ness aye.; corner; 22:6x109.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery et.
MISSION, 1429, near Tenth— Bay-window front
suite; fancy mantle; running water; new car-
pet; only $12.
NINTH 83— Nicely furnished sunny rooms to
let.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
POWELL, 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.:
suites or single; running water; gas; reas.
ROSEDALE House, 319 4 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1: week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 124 Ellis sL— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2
to $S; month, $S to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
On very easy payments; choice lots in the
block recently subdivided, bounded by H and
I sts.. Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes.; right
en the Park and the new Niheteenth-av*. bou-
levard: moft of the lots already sold; balance
bound to sell <julckly: fine investments; good
building lots; all ready: lots on official grade;
macadamized; water pipes laid; plank slde-
waJks: 6 f-er cent Interest only. »
SEE THE HOUSES NOW BUILDING— YOUR
OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for building purposes: elec-
tric cars pass the property; see this block at
once; go to our branch office to-day. Cfy. H St.
and Ninth aye.; pric-e lists, etc.. there or at
our office. BALDWIN &. HOWELL,
10 Montgomeiy st.
BAN ANTONIO, 21 Taylor, near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture; net and cold water; radiators; salt
sea baths; suites and single rooms.
THE OAKS, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DEWITT— In this city, March 19, ISOO, to the
wife of Wllmar Dewitt, a son.
SANDEN— ln 'this city. March 18. ,1900, to the
wife of Louis F. Sanden, a son.
STEVENS— In this city, March 20. 1900. to the
wife of Arthur Stevens, a daughter.
TIEDEMANN— In this city, March 20, 1900, to
the wife of John Tiedemann, a son.
YALE— In Oakland. Cal.. February 10. 1900. to
the wife of Frank W. Yale, a son.
THE PIEDMONT. 119 A Sixth— Sunny furnished
rooms; double and single; easy terms.
TURK. 24 — Runny furnished rooms, $1 25 per
we«k: suites, $4 up; changed hands.
TWELFTH. 145— Sunny furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping. .
TOYO DSEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kob* (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc .No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. »
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. March 81
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 25
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May 1»
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets -at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market st.. corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market St.— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny rooms; en suite or sin-
gle; with or without board; table first class;
rt-duced rates.
NEW family hotel; first class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to
select pecple. 807 California St.. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
ds^APMUIi Tb " 3- s - Martpca*
as^^fjfcUmr sails via Honolulu ana
W *V W» 9WW%*uam Auckland for Syin-r
M-T&AB* «/ Wednesday. March ix,
m tgsfn.X I' A st i p. m.
SP^\ <pfnp» jsrar* *** X
Favorite line around the world via Ha watt.
Bamo*. New Zealand. Australia. India; Sues.
England, etc; $410 first class.
l U. »r<ictAtLS 4 d:.»>». Co.. Mcts- 84 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight Cfßce. 32? Market St
*. BARGAIN— Coat $5000; will sell for $*XO;
house ar.d lot In the Mlrslon warm belt: con-
tatninr 7 rooms and bath; high basement;
brick foundation; half cash: balance to re-
main on mortgage; or will exchange for Im-
proved ranch. Address box SStt, Call, office.
THE 0. R. & M. CO.
DTSPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FOR TX. -JLND:-
From Ssesjr-street WharJ at 10 a, m. '.
CADC a! 2 First Class Including Berth
rAtIL $3 Second Class and .Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA 5ai15..................
.; .March 24, Aaril 2
COLUMBIA sails.. ...March 19. 29. April S
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena : and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
--•¦.-¦ E. C WARD. General Agent,
V ' (30 Market st.
GOODILL. PERKINS 4 CO..
--.. • Superintendents. . " .'•
HENRY; J. GALLAGHER CO.i
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
.--— JO Fifth at.. ' opposite Lincoln School, r
Telephone South 80.
11
'ndex
ndex. Horse. • Weight.fst.
Horse.
Vim.
ma.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
( Jock>r». IQp. CL
I Betting.
lOp. CL
Km.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
Jockey*
905 Eonic- 11? i 3
SO6 Merida .....112- 4
922 Princess Leota ....IC3! 2
947 Chaste 109 6
947 Screenwell Lake.. ..109 7
605 Sublime ...." 112 5
5-34 Debltlck 112 S
947 Too Hot ..: 112112
953, Carilee 109 1
947 Faenza IOSIIO
899 Angle P 109IU
H8 Bride Ale 105 9
923 Llbbie Elklns 109 13
... Lurago .........115JH
1 3
3 2
2 h
52
« H
7 1*
S 3
9 1
4 2
10 1
13
11
12
14
1 2
2 h
3 3
4 2
5 1
S 2
7 1
8 2
» 2
10 1
11
12
13
14
P!g?ctt -2 11-5
3enry 3 *
or*an 12 8
[O. Shield* 3 IS-3
Macklln 15 1"
; Buchanan < 12
(Hennettsey .... 5 •Vi
11. Powell 20 2">
Ame* 4 12
H. Stuart S3 IOJ
Kiley • •
Helnaon j •• •"
E. Row I "• ***
ißasslnser , 15 20
Index. Horse.
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. | St.
940 Rosalbra, 6 11l 5
940 Monda. 4 105 1
940 Sorrow. S 1M «
... Mr. Johnson. 4 110 3
842 Sencra Caesar. 4. ..103 s
940 Yule. 5 106 4
940 Royal Prize. 5 110! l»
942 Gold Baron, 4 105 11
874 Lulu W. 4 103 i
940 Melkarth. 5 rtO 2
887 Rlcardo, a 103 9
898 Byron Crew. 5 110 10
Age. Welght.|St.
Hm.
*m.
Hm.
11
S H
4 1
1Z
• 6H
9 2
8 1
5 1
10 2
11 8
Hm.
",11
3 1
2 1
: H
4 1
5 :
10
< 2
83
» 2
11
' 12
Vci.
Str.
5 I 4I 4
2 1
5 1
4 H
5 2
I
I
7 1
10
11
12
Str
Fin.
1 1
2 n
a:
s l
< 5
7 2
8 h
» 1
10 1
11 5
13
Fin
I Jockeys. iOp. CL
jShaw I 4 T
ißuchanan .... S 10
(Henry 3 11-S
Thorp* S-5 *-2
'Ranch 10 2"»
!k. ro»s « l?
:Glover 4 «
'Rassinsrer .... 8 S
!M. B^rifen 20 50
MackUn S »
Henr.^»ey .... M 50
|H. Shields 120 50
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |3t. Vim. %m.
(•5l) Chimura, 4 102 1 3~H 4 1
95« Gotobed. S 199 4 5 Is
" 55« Red Pirate. 4 10« 1 4 h 6
953 El Mldo. 4 101 S 3 1 2 h
945 Lothian. 4 101 3 IS m
4 h
1 ns
5
I h
3 1
\m.
Str.
8
1 h
4 2
5 n
Str.
Fin.
• lh
2 h
S S
4 2
5
Fin.
1 Jockey. |Ox>. Ct
Henry 4-* 3-4
Thorp* 1 l«-5
Henne^tey .... 3 1-2
GaCney 7 49
Ranch 19 40
Jockeys
Op.
CJ
:nd»x. Horse. Age. Welght-|Bt.
S3S Afghan. E 113 6
942 High Hoe. 5 11l 1
679 Casdale. 4 105 6
983 Ollnthus. 4 110 3
942 Esplrftndo. 5 113 4
807 Mocorito. 6 111! 3
935 Jennie Reid. 4 IOSJ 7
Km.
Km.
11
I h
5 H
« 1
3 1
42
7
ttm.
1 tt
4 4
B h
« 1
23
3 h
7
,tn.
Str.
1 3
i?
7
11
Sh
g 1
Sir.
Fin.
11
»H
Sh
4 1
SH
« h
T
Pin.
I Jockeys. I Op. Cl.
~Pl(r?rr>tt ! 7-3 13-$
Glover 10 13
Buchanan .... S 13
B. Ross «-". !
I. Powell 15 13
J. Martin 7-5 13-8
J. Woods 9 19
Jockeys.
Index Horse. Age. W^lght-lSt.
945 Scotch Plaid. 5 113 4
945 Silver Ton*. ? 11l 5 i
.852 Esptonage. 4 105 «
»52 Bishop Reed. 8 114 2
940 None Such, i 11l 1
827 Facade. 4 107 S
952 Mamie G. a. ....XO9 7
3 2
SI
14
< h
7
41
!h
3 14
S 1
1 t
Th
< h
4 h
Hm,
2 b
3 2
Jl H
6 2
7
5 h
\m.
Str.
SI
:?
Str.
Fin.
It
S 1
It
4H
5 3
• «
7
Fin.
I Jockeys. |Op. CL
iThorp* «l 7-5 fi
PlKffOU 3 9-2
M. Beiren 4 l»-5
Hennessey S 20
Dtngley *) 100
Henry — 8 I
E. Rosa 8 tJ
Jockey.
Op.
Index. Horse. Weight. |St.
919 Joe McG«e 109 4
(533) Pirate J 112 »
. 94S Decoy 112 S
931 Thortias C&rey 109 5
954 Mountebank 109 1
Urn. Hn- %m- Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. CL
»h BV4 Hi lh Henry I i 4
1.. 14 2 1 lh J» PUyott S-S 11-2
4 1 4 1 4 1 IIH Hennessey .... 3-2 T-S
... S 6 5 4 h M. Ber*-ri..... 10 29
... lh lh II » Morgan t »-S
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |3t. Vim. %m.
(•5l) Chimura, 4 102 1 3~H 4 1
95« Gotobed. S 199 4 5 Is
" 55« Red Pirate. 4 10« 1 4 h 6
953 El Mldo. 4 101 S 3 1 2 h
945 Lothian. 4 101 3 IS m
4 h
1 ns
5
I h
3 1
\m.
Str.
8
1 h
4 2
5 n
Str.
Fin.
• lh
2 h
S S
4 2
5
Fin.
1 Jockey. |Ox>. Ct
Henry 4-* 3-4
Thorp* 1 l«-5
Henne^tey .... 3 1-2
GaCney 7 49
Ranch 19 40
Jockeys
Op.
CJ
'ndex
ndex. Horse. • Weight.fst.
Horse.
Vim.
ma.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
( Jock>r». IQp. CL
I Betting.
lOp. CL
Km.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
Jockey*
905 Eonic- 11? i 3
SO6 Merida .....112- 4
922 Princess Leota ....IC3! 2
947 Chaste 109 6
947 Screenwell Lake.. ..109 7
605 Sublime ...." 112 5
5-34 Debltlck 112 S
947 Too Hot ..: 112112
953, Carilee 109 1
947 Faenza IOSIIO
899 Angle P 109IU
H8 Bride Ale 105 9
923 Llbbie Elklns 109 13
... Lurago .........115JH
1 3
3 2
2 h
52
« H
7 1*
S 3
9 1
4 2
10 1
13
11
12
14
1 2
2 h
3 3
4 2
5 1
S 2
7 1
8 2
» 2
10 1
11
12
13
14
P!g?ctt -2 11-5
3enry 3 *
or*an 12 8
[O. Shield* 3 IS-3
Macklln 15 1"
; Buchanan < 12
(Hennettsey .... 5 •Vi
11. Powell 20 2">
Ame* 4 12
H. Stuart S3 IOJ
Kiley • •
Helnaon j •• •"
E. Row I "• ***
ißasslnser , 15 20
Index. Horse.
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. | St.
940 Rosalbra, 6 11l 5
940 Monda. 4 105 1
940 Sorrow. S 1M «
... Mr. Johnson. 4 110 3
842 Sencra Caesar. 4. ..103 s
940 Yule. 5 106 4
940 Royal Prize. 5 110! l»
942 Gold Baron, 4 105 11
874 Lulu W. 4 103 i
940 Melkarth. 5 rtO 2
887 Rlcardo, a 103 9
898 Byron Crew. 5 110 10
Age. Welght.|St.
Hm.
*m.
Hm.
11
S H
4 1
1Z
• 6H
9 2
8 1
5 1
10 2
11 8
Hm.
",11
3 1
2 1
: H
4 1
5 :
10
< 2
83
» 2
11
' 12
Vci.
Str.
5 I 4I 4
2 1
5 1
4 H
5 2
I
I
7 1
10
11
12
Str
Fin.
1 1
2 n
a:
s l
< 5
7 2
8 h
» 1
10 1
11 5
13
Fin
I Jockeys. iOp. CL
jShaw I 4 T
ißuchanan .... S 10
(Henry 3 11-S
Thorp* S-5 *-2
'Ranch 10 2"»
!k. ro»s « l?
:Glover 4 «
'Rassinsrer .... 8 S
!M. B^rifen 20 50
MackUn S »
Henr.^»ey .... M 50
|H. Shields 120 50
:nd»x. Horse. Age. Welght-|Bt.
S3S Afghan. E 113 6
942 High Hoe. 5 11l 1
679 Casdale. 4 105 6
983 Ollnthus. 4 110 3
942 Esplrftndo. 5 113 4
807 Mocorito. 6 111! 3
935 Jennie Reid. 4 IOSJ 7
Km.
Km.
11
I h
5 H
« 1
3 1
42
7
ttm.
1 tt
4 4
B h
« 1
23
3 h
7
,tn.
Str.
1 3
i?
7
11
Sh
g 1
Sir.
Fin.
11
»H
Sh
4 1
SH
« h
T
Pin.
I Jockeys. I Op. Cl.
~Pl(r?rr>tt ! 7-3 13-$
Glover 10 13
Buchanan .... S 13
B. Ross «-". !
I. Powell 15 13
J. Martin 7-5 13-8
J. Woods 9 19
Jockeys.
Index Horse. Age. W^lght-lSt.
945 Scotch Plaid. 5 113 4
945 Silver Ton*. ? 11l 5 i
.852 Esptonage. 4 105 «
»52 Bishop Reed. 8 114 2
940 None Such, i 11l 1
827 Facade. 4 107 S
952 Mamie G. a. ....XO9 7
3 2
SI
14
< h
7
41
!h
3 14
S 1
1 t
Th
< h
4 h
Hm,
2 b
3 2
Jl H
6 2
7
5 h
\m.
Str.
SI
:?
Str.
Fin.
It
S 1
It
4H
5 3
• «
7
Fin.
I Jockeys. |Op. CL
iThorp* «l 7-5 fi
PlKffOU 3 9-2
M. Beiren 4 l»-5
Hennessey S 20
Dtngley *) 100
Henry — 8 I
E. Rosa 8 tJ
Jockey.
Op.
Index. Horse. Weight. |St.
919 Joe McG«e 109 4
(533) Pirate J 112 »
. 94S Decoy 112 S
931 Thortias C&rey 109 5
954 Mountebank 109 1
Urn. Hn- %m- Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. CL
»h BV4 Hi lh Henry I i 4
1.. 14 2 1 lh J» PUyott S-S 11-2
4 1 4 1 4 1 IIH Hennessey .... 3-2 T-S
... S 6 5 4 h M. Ber*-ri..... 10 29
... lh lh II » Morgan t »-S; WINTER RESORT.
B YRNE WAS TOO GAY.
Thomas Byrne, a bartender, last night
visited the room of f Edna" Webb at 246
Third street . and proceeded : to make vio
lent ' love to her. f After satisfying himself
that he "had completely : captivated '; her
Byrne," in order to make %mself a ."good
fellow,", went . . for a : pitcher, , of steam
beer.^ ••!>'• '-; : /.-v r " -; '¦ * ¦ : : ',''-"' ! . .v-.C- : <
"iOn; his •return -the fair 'Edna accused
him of flirting with another inmate of the
house," * and, S losing > her temper, "," she
snatched the . pitcher . from S his hand ; and
•brought it down on his head,. inflicting an
ugly wound. . Both \ the woman ', and Byrne
were arrested . and charged with disturb
ing i the peace, j Byrne, r. prior -: to ¦"¦ being
locked up in;the City. Prison, had his bat
tered head patched 'up by Dr/Kahn of the
Receiving Hospital sto*
CONFESSED HIS GUILT.
Arrest of Albert Hughes for n
•V. Burglary. Committed at Lincoln. .
\'.A young man giving the name of Albert*
Hughes was. arrested yesterday afternoon
by :Detectives Ryan and ODea on sus
picion of Having "stolen a lady's gold'
watch " and | a valuable . diamond ring,'
which he was trying to dispose of to , a
Third-street pawnbroker.. When searched
at the City Prison -a pair of nippers was
found secreted in the lining of his vest.
In - one of. his pockets was • discovered a
discharge from the Stockton Insane Asy
lum, showing that Hughes, who was, then
known as Richardson, had been released
from that institution in August, 1895. Last
night the prisoner sent' for the detectives
who took him into custody and confessed
that he had stolen the watch and: ring
from a house in Lincoln, Cal., during the
temporary absence of the occupants. The
ring bears . the inscription, "J. ¦• P. W. to
M. E. B." Inscribed on the inside of
the watch is the name 'Ella." Hughes Is
strongly suspected of having committed
other. crimes throughout the country. '
He will be held pending further investi
gation. > . -
The climate of Cape Nome necessitates
the use of fur blankets.. You* cannot get
along without one.' H." Llebes & Co., fur-
riers, 133-137 Post street, have an immense
Btock at low prices. •- - v : •
Anti-Sunday Labor Law.
D. Laponble of the Hayes Valley. Laun
dry was yesterday fined $10 by Judg<j
Fritz for an alleged violation of the laun
dry ordinance in washing clothes "on Sun
day. Laponble frankly admitted the of
fense, • but denied ' that : it "- was ¦a ¦ violation
of- the ordinance, and -gave notice of his
intention to test the matter in the upper
courts. The ordinance ' prohibits laundry
work during the night, but Laponble con
tends that to prohibit him from doing his
work on Sundays is unconstitutional. : '
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a couch. Never falls. Try it. AH druggists. •
Twenty-Four Peasants Drowned.
BUDAPEST. March 20.— Twenty-four
peasants were drowned to-day by the
capsizing of a boat in which they were
crossing the Danube, from Kaloosa .to
Pays, during a gale.
COAL COMPANY IS
BLAMED BY A JURY
Death of Edward Fitzgerald Said to
. Have Been Due to Lack of
. j ' Precaution. ¦
" Edward Fitzgerald, a coal-passer, resid
ing at.l2o6Folsom street, had the misfor
tune to be killed on March. l 3 by falling off
a runway on the coal bunkers of the Pa
cific Coast Railway. - The evidence taken
at ' the' inquest -.before Coroner Cole yes
terday i morning showed that if the run
¦way had " been constructed with proper
safeguards the accident • might not have
happened. . . » - ,
;The jury took this view of the' case and
returned a verdict, to the effect. that tht
deceased had come ;; to his ¦ death from
shock due to «f racture of the skull . and
tho verdict goes on to : say : "From ! fall
ling off ; a. run way' on the coal bunkers of
[the Pacific Coast Company. while. in an in
toxicated > condition, and we strongly rec-.
ommend, in order; to prevent. accidents of
a similar nature in the future,' that in all
, places where ,the Pacific Coast Company
uses movable wire rope fences a perma
nent, bumping; block not less -than 'eight
inches high should be placed on the edgt>
of the runway. ; -
¦', "And we further recommend ? that the
posts supporting the wire rope should be
of a more substantial character and more
firmly attached -to the surface of the run
way, and that the Pacific Coast Company
should jirovlde . better lighting facilities..
The -Coroner approved of ,¦ the . verdict.
GENERAL SHAFTER WILL
PRESENT THE CANNON
Ceremonies in Front of the City Hall
at Noon To-Day, When the Old
Gun Will Be Put on Guard.
To-day at 12:30 o'clock General Shatter
will present to Mayor Phelan, as repre
senting the city, the old twenty-four
liounder that was captured at Santiago.
The ceremonies will not be elaborate, but
their military dignity will be enhanced by
the attendance of General Shafter's staff
Jn full ares*, two troops of the Sixth Cav
ulry and Ihe band of the Third Arjlllery.
General Shatter will make the presen
tation adcress: and Mayor Pholan will ac
cept the gun. It will be mounted in front
of the group of statuary on the Market
etreet side.
The gun is a curiosity ln more ways
than one. Its inscriptions show it to be
of high and ancient lineage, made by
the best founder of its time and a cannon
used to good company and plenty of ac
tive service. Its grim old chase is in
scribed with the words "Le Prince de
Conde" and then the significant motto,
"Ultima Ratio Regnum" ("The Last Ar
gument of Kings"). This was originally a
Spanish motto, which form, "Ultima.
Kazon de Reyes," was used frequently on
the Spanish ordnance. Louis XIV of
France saw the beauty of the sentiment
and ha ordered it, rendered into Latin, to
be inscribed on all the French guns of that
period. " "
Farther down on the chase are several
names, perhaps of the commanders under
whom the old gun tought, perhaps of sol
diers whose deeds were gallant enough to
warrant their names being preserved on
the old bronze warrior. The names are:
Louis Charles de Bourbon, Comte d'Eu
and Due d'Aumale. It is certain, how
t-vcr, that they have no connection with
the name of the gun. for by its position
Oor.de's name seems to have that honor.
Ar.d tbe last of all comes another motto,
"No Pluribus Impair" ("No unequal an
tagonist tor many"), which well reflects
the ppirit cast in the metal of the cannon.
It was a big: piece of ordnance in its day,
although now it would have to give the
•wall to a one-pounder.
DULL, stale and flat", was the Fair
case yesterday. morning and the lit
tle there was in the afternoon was
of the .same tone. Yet- the day
did not ; pass without' its sur
prise. When court, attorneys and report
ers were preparing, to settle in their. Beats
for the long two and a half hours of
the afternoon session, to the astonishment
of all McEnerney asked that the- case
go over until Monday morning,. April 2.*
Long and eloquently did that attorney
talk, but he -might have spared ' himself
the labor, for n6t only were the. attorneys
on both sides of a mind, but Judge Troutt
also thought that a' continuance would
be advisable. The petitioners '..have now
finished their case. When .Mrs?; Crayen-
Fair is put upon the stand c a'Week from
Monday ehe will be cross-exaiftihed in' re
gard to statements concerning the deeds.
After that McEnerney, Piersdn, Heggerty,
Wheeler et al. will have their. fling, and
the work of rebuttal will begin.. -
The trial opened yesterday morning with
Clerk Janes of the Windsor Hotel in the
witness chair. All he was asked to do
was to identify a small pile of moth-eaten
books which contain the accounts 6t Mrs.
Gllleran during the year 1822 when Fair
made a Mecca of the hotel, the shi-lne at
which he worshiped being Mrs. Craven,
according to allegation. .
Mrs. Gilleran mounted the stand with
alacrity of body and the same frlskiness
MRS. JAMES GILLERAN EXPLAINS CASH-BOOK ENTRIES.
of . spirit ' she displayed at her first en
counter with McKnerney. /. Clad in warm
colored velvet and with new and stunning
head gear, she looked thirsty for a fray,
but it came' not: -McEnerney's cross-ex
amination was very -brief. With all* the
hotel business literature in hand McEner
ney began 1 his cross-questioning.
¦ "Mrs. Gillerah, 1 does. the item $57 75 en
tered August 11, 1892, purporting to be a
receipt for the amount of Mrs. ¦ Craven's
bill mean, in full?" S»
.-•'Yes, it does," was the ready response.
"Fifty dollars was f or ¦ board and lodg
ing,.the $7 75. for extras.", The extras were
mostly bottles of beer, with an 'occasional
cocktail,- as the '• redirect examination
brought out. •' - ¦?¦.,.« v : -
; Oh redirect examination Lafe Pence was
equally, brief. "When .; Mrs. Craven left
;dfd she pay ] the account ! in full?'.' 1 said
Pence, i <;¦,:¦ ' • .
'-"I think so; but she' was a little. short,
and she asked me' for a loan," responded
Mrs. Gilleran.
•."Did 'she repay : it?"""" *-¦.--
: "Yes, when she '.opened -.the package at
the t California- Hbtel." ¦
: Mr. McEnerney Qbjected r to this answer
going into the evidence, claiming that
Mrs. Gilleran testified pn Thursday last
that the money given her at the Califor
nia Hotel wa? in payment of, a board bill.
Much argument ensued, and Mrs. Gilleran
cut off the attdrneys by .asseverating that
Mrs. Craven had borrowed $15 from her
and -that -it- was -returned the time she
called upon Mrs. Craven-Fair with the
.package. Nothing' that 'McEnerney could
GUARDED HIS WIFE
WITH A SHOTGUN
A Bride of Six Weeks Makes Sensa-
tional Charges Against Her
* Young Husband.
After six weeks of wedded "bliss" Mrs.
Josephine C. Cobb of 1413 Van Xess ave
nue has decided that longer residence
with her husband, Harry D. M. Cobb. a
clerk In the employ of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company, would be extremely
unsafe, hence she sued him for divorce
on the ground of cruelty. , In her com
plaint Mrs. Cobb alleges that on the even
ing of February 8 last she forsook her
maiden name of Egan and became Mrs.
Cobb. After a brief wedding; tour the
young couple icturned ; to this city and
took up their residence at 1413 Van Ness
Just seventeen days of the honeymoon
had passed, she says, when her husband
pointed a loaded shotgun at her head. Two
days later, according to the complaint, he
choked her, and on March 5 locked her ln
her room and fctood guard at the dooi
with a loaded shotgun. She retreated be
hind a wardrobe and there remained until
her husband's anger cooled off. Mrs.
Cobb. in addition to a decree of divorce,
asks that her husband be compelled to re
turn her $500 she loaned him and pay her
permanent alimony in the sum of ?tt a
month. .
do shook the witness' testimony in this
regard. . ¦
Secretary Rock of the Grand Jury, suc
ceeded Mrs. Gilleran on the stand. "Have
you any letter, Mr. Rock, purporting to
be from Mr. Dunand to myself?" began
Lafe Pence. Under objection the letter
was produced and read into the record.
It was nothing more or less than a letter
apprising Pence of Dunand's itinerary on
his Mexican and Central American trip.
Rock admitted that he had no other paper
signed by Dunand, Mrs. Craven-Fair or
Henry Koehler Jr. '
"In whose hands was the $30,000 contract
between Mrs. Craven-Fair and Mr. Du
nand when you . received it?" inquired
Lafe Pence.
To this McEnerney objected, provoking
a long speech from Lafe Pence, who de
clared that it was necessary and import
ant to know in whose . hands the paper
had been. The clock at this stage regis
tered adjourning time.
There was rather a full house for the
afternoon session, which did not last long
enough to satisfy a tithe of the idle curi
osity manifested In the case. Mrs. Craven-
Fair was expected to take the stand, but
again that lady remained away and the at
torneys for the Fair heirs were forced to
content themselves with a few interroga
tory shafts directed against the much
abused Mr. E. R. Rock. . . ¦
Hardly had Judge Troutt taken his seat
when Lai' e . Pence arose and asked the
court to admit in evidence the famous
"Do you know your name" slip. Of
course, McEnerney battled against It,
claiming that it was not yet proved to
be in the handwriting, of James Q. Fair,
Tho court willed otherwise and the slip
was admitted.
Then Rock was called for the second
time during the day. The Pence brother
hood did not want much, but they wanted
that very badly. "Was the lead pencil
indorsement of the Dunand-Craven con
tract on it when it came to your hands?"
was Lafe Pence's inquiry. .With an ap
peal to the court before replying, and re
ceiving an answer from Judge Troutt to do
so, Rock, said that it was. Further ex
amination brought out the fact that the
Grand Jury did not have any other papers
with Mrs. Craven-Fair's signature- than
the contract to which she and Dunand had
subscribed their names. . The Simpton af
fidavit, called the "midnight affidavit,"
was produced by Mr. Rock on the request
of Attorney Pierson and read oft for the
benefit of the Pence brotherhood as well
as the phalanx of Fair attorneys.
Here the case came to its sudden and
unexpected adjournment. Judge Troutt
readily agreeing to the wishes of the at
torneys. .
The Assault on Barling.
The preliminary examination of ¦P. ¦-. J.
Curtin of Curtin's detective agency on the
charge of an assault with Intent to do
grievous bodily harm upon H. J." Barling,
a friend of Mrs. Craven,' was begun. befora
Judge Cabaniss yesterday afternoon. .
Mrs. Mary Ruggles, 812 Post street, tes
tified that she had gone with Barling to
Judge Troutt's courtroom to listen to the
testimony in the Craven-Fair case. -After
they left the courtroom two men attacked
Barling. They knocked him down and
beat him with their, fists and feet. She
was too excited to take particular notice
of the men.
Barling testified that he was. a salmon
packer. He recognized the defendant as a
man who had been following him around
for about two months prior to the assault
in. the corridor of the City Hall; He de
scribed how the defendant and the other
man attacked and kicked him on the face
and body while he was down. ¦
E. W. Schmidt, an oil man from San
Diego, testified that he heard a . woman
scream and saw. a fight, but he* could not
identify the defendant. Theodore Kytka
also saw the fiay and heard the woman
scream. Ex-Chief Lees testified to lifting
Barling up after the fight and as to the
condition of his face.' The case was con
tinued till Friday. - %
CORRIGAN HAS
A BLACK LIST
FOR ENEMIES
Greenberg's Suit Against
Tanforan Track Is
on Trial.
Secretary Green Gives Interesting
Information Regarding Treat-
ment of the Un
favored.
Notwithstanding the existence of the
Horton law, Edward Corrigan and those
associated with him ln the mismanage
ment of Tanforan racetrack are now en
gaged ln an effort before Judge Dainger
field to establish their contention that the
pages of their "black l!«t" exceed ln power
and ehould be given precedence over stat
utory enactments and the law of common
reason.
The action by which Hyman Greenber*T
seeks to recover $10,000 damages from the
Western Turf Association for his unlawful
ejection from Tanforan track and for the
unlawful action of Corrigan and his asso
ciates, through the medium of Secretary
Fred H. Green, ln depriving him of lli«
common right of entry to the track and
paddock, was called for trial yesterday.
Greenberg was the publisher of the.
Daily Racing Form. It was not claimed
that he sold his papers on the track in
opposition to the guide issued by Egbert
&. iikinner, who were granted the privil^go
of issuing the sheet by the Western Turf
As^ocia'Jcn, but his presence at the »xack
permitted him to become the possessor of
information enabling him to make op his
guide. Hence he was denied the pnvil*;ro
of the track, and on one occasion was
taken by the men under Captain Cuiluu
oan and hurled through the gate Into the
outside world. Greenberg filed suit, and
ehortly afterward, as bairn for his injured
feelings, suave Mr. Green informed him that
tilers was nothing against him and that
he would be cared for when the litigav.'jn
was all over, but his suit would be fought
that a precedent might be established
giving them a legal right to exclude such
persons from the track as they desiied.
i'here are several persons Corrigan and
associates would have removed from tn<s
gates— persons who watch for the evil do
ir.gs. the jobbery and nefarious schemes
of the racing promoters. So Corrigan Is
lighting for his precedent; but on the
other side the law and the facts exist, an.l
Lbe precedent may be an expensive one
for the track when the verdict is in.
When the case was called yesterday At
torney Edward C. Harrison appeared as
attorney for Greenberg and Attorney*
Gardner & Alexander represented the turf
association. Later in the day Mat Sulli
van was made counsel of record for the
plaintiff and the work of securing a jury
was undertaken. Following are those who
will decide between the law and Corri
gan's "black list":
T. W Collins, J. C. Peters. T. Emery S.
Bowman. J. H. Rosenbohm, John An
drews. H. 6. Field. John Sheehan. George
A. Ciuff. F. Sperling, John P. McDonnell
fend 1~ Bernstein.
The opening statement was made to the
Jury, and in the statement of the defend
ant's counsel their defense was msule
plain. The Western Turf Association
rlalms the power to exclude those whom
It desires, and the following clause ln its
answer to GreenWerg's complaint makes
this plain:
This defendant Is, and was at all times dur
ing the month of December. lSa9, the proprietor
of & racetrack or course situated ln the county
of San Mateo. known as Tanforan racetrack.
and was at all times mentioned herein ln the
pof?esfion thereof, and was, among* other
thlnpE. operating and conducting the name for
J's private business, for the profit of Its stock
holderi! and for the purpose of holding races
thereon; that at all times defendant had and
ptill has the riKht to the exclusive use of aald
rat-«-track eirainst all persons whatsoever; and
no person had or lias any right to enter or re
main upon said racetrack, or any part thereof,
except bjr the license of defendant.
Greenberg was the flrst witness, and
after testifying as to the manner in which
he was treated at the track, thrown out
by the hirelings of the association and
even denied the right to join the spec
tators, he left the stand, and Fred 11.
Green, secretary of the association, was
called. Green admitted that he had or
dered Greenberg's exclusion from the
track. He only wanted reliable informa
tion to pet to the public, he said, ani a«
he had given the privilege to run the rac
ing form to Egbert & Skinner he did not
want Greenberg to get information at lh«*
track which would enable him to "make'
a form book."
Finally Attorney Sullivan astonished
Green by asking: "Is it not a fact that
you exclude those people you do not llk«- t
and if those people get on the track they
are put out?*
"Only bad characters are put out." an
swered Green, "unless 1 give special in
structions that an obnoxious party be put
cut."
"Is it not a fact that ther-e Is a black
list on which the names of several people
appear?" * .
"yep." answered the witness, eotto voce.
"Was Greei.berg on the black list?"
"Yes; but now we have no objection to
his coming to the track, if for purposes
other than those forbidden him." .
~What is the dally income of the
track?" asked Mr. Sullivan.
"Gate money, $10)0 a day; pool boxes,
tieSO; bar and other privileges. $412 50;
from the Telegraph companies for Informa
tion which they send to the many pool
rooms. 52T0 a day. The gross receipts are
about 15000 a day. and the net profit is be
tween $700 and SsOO a day."
Green then seft the stand, and Thoma*
F. Boyle testified as to the «rood character
of the plaintiff, after which an adjourn
ment was had until this morning.
I" lln i I .U 8 if 1
niIRTHIN^
UUII I -HiilO«
dT^TTaf'T A T QAT 17 T
OL JjUI Alj D A LjEa I
. On Mondaß, March 19th, we will
place on sale 1500- pairs FINE LACE
CURTAINS,' being a special purchase
of these goods from the largest manu-
facturer. In ST. GALL, SWITZER- ,
•LAND,
The.above curtains are In .Paris- -.
; Point, Renaissance and lish Point,.
. and range in price from $3 to $15
pair. The designs are the newest,' ,
and the prices less than present cost
These curtains on exhibition in
our large display windows.
:111.: 111.- 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
FAIR TRIAL POSTPONED
AT REQUEST OF DEFENSE
The friends of the Old Government
WhUky are sever drunkard*. •
Paso Robles Hot Springs
: \; ' .fyrro ,E. • NEVER, Proprietor.
A new feature Ju»t completed. Hot Sand and
Sulphur Bath*. Curative powers unex'+Uee.
Not alone tor Invalids, but a place of rest an<J
pleasure tor the sick and the well. 3PECIAI.
ROUND-TRIP REBATE TICKETa TeWphon*
Main IM9. '
F. W. ELT. Agent. M 0 Market rt.. ¦. *".
The Oriental Sciences.
Dr. Norman lectured at the Buddhist
Mission last evening on the '^Oriental Sci
ences." He devoted most of his time to
the physical sciences, particularly to the
practice of medicine by the Hindoos. The
parlors of the minsion were crowded.
n CMICHESTER'S CNCUBM
R/*^*>N m A FE. Al»»r»rr-I.»M» (a.t!<v. ut Drurfirt
><( &SaT«»r CUICUESTEK'S KNGLISH
£%«95«<& ta !»::• "•» CoM »««i««' •»»». «nl«l
*Uy _r*fc?3 -»ith tiiiw ribbon. Take ao other. Befiu*
T« S*Sk WJ Dni««H Sabatltatlma aad Imiim-
-t']-^^ (W tloiu. B«j «f J«r l>r»«l«t. «r kbJ 4«. la
I(^ ••. 2Jf I'lnpi tor Partiralara. Tmtlmsafala
l« ? B sad "Relief far hmi lea," in Ur.m. bj re.
_\ •- If tarm Mall. lO.0«OTe«u»»a1al«- Soli r>r
— — r «n Drauitii. thlckcwtor Ckeailesl C*-
Hatln Utl* paper. Maai—a »<wvPUIIX. vH
average daily attendance of 37,000, which
I think is over-estimated, the revenue for
salaries will • be ¦' 51,036,000.- Taking last
month- as a basis,' which is quite high and
.which we hope tortlll. reduce, the charter
.will provide ample money to conduct the
department." ¦ j .."-.; "¦ ¦ ¦ .
SCHOOL BOARD STRIKES
BACK AT R.H. WEBSTER
Chairman Mark Replies to Criticisms
on the Methods of the ;*;A«i
Directors. . . I
The Board of Education yesterday,
struck back at School Superintendent
Webster, who, for some time past, has
given expression to some severe strictures
regarding the policy of that body onva-:
rious matters affecting the welfare. of the'
public schools. President Mark presented,
an open letter, in which he says that his
attention has been called: to interviews
that have been published attacking " the
board for its method of conducting the
aflairs of the department. .'" •
"The Superintendent has seen fit,". says
Mr Mark, "to criticize us for the recent
consolidations. His statement; that .we
have thereby impaired the efficiency,, of
the schools is false. We have made com
paratively few consolidations and only
where the average daily attendance was
far below forty-five pupils to a class. The
Superintendent further states that In our
financial reports we have purposely mis
led the public by claiming a saving in the
department to our • management and not
giving credit to the last board. If I have
seemed at any time to -take away any.
credit to which it was entitled I desire to
apologize for so doing. I
"The Superintendent further contends
that we have destroyed- the 'merit sys
tem' and substituted a plan of handing
out positions to favorites. I presume by
'merit system* he means observing strictly
the chronological order of appointment.
Length of service does ' not necessarily
make for efficiency, but breadth of expe
rience should be -the watchward. In all
our recent consolidations not one experi
enced teacher has been placed on the sub
stitute list, but all ' have been assigned
Immediately to a class. The base insinua
tion that we are In league with tho»prin
cipals for the sole purpose .of .breeding
out teachers is an Insult to the board; and
any one who dares to make such a state
ment basely "misrepresents the facts of the
case. • ¦?¦-,
'"I deny that the board Intends to reduce
salaries, bu# we are determined to ¦ con
duct the department on strict business
principles. The fact that the Janitors and
employes ln the : repair - department ; will
be paid by the Board of Public Works will
reduce the salary roll over $55,000 a year.
Taklnj the Superintendent's estimate ¦of
Changes in Janitor Service.
The following changes in the Janitorial
service of the School Department were
made yesterday by the Board of Public
"Works: A. J. Doyle, appointed to Wash
ington Grammar; James E. Gallagher," ap
pointed to Horace Mann; Miss B Lavelle
transferred from Horace Mann to Halght
Primary; J. H. Murray, appointed to
Soring Valley: Mrs. Kavanaugh, trans
ferred from Humboldt Evening to Broad
way Grammar; A. M. Gault, appointed to
Polytechnic High; Mrs. Smith, transferred
from Webster to Moulder; Mrs. Shields,
transferred from Golden Gate to Fre
monf Mrs. Nellie Hansen, appointed to
Golden Gate; Miss J. Hanley, transferred
from Lowell High" to Irving Primary; J.
W Thompson, appointed to Lowell High;
Miss B. McClcud, transferred from Wash
ington Grammar to Humboldt Evening;
Mrs. Kelly, janitress John Swett Gram
mar School, resignation accepted and
John Graham appointed to the vacancy.
EDWARD C. DAILEY SUES
FOR ABSOLUTE DIVORCE
Charges His Wife With Cruelty and
V Intemperance— Other Unhappy
Couples in Court.
- Edward C.' Dailey," well known in down
town business circles, filed suit yesterday
for divorce from his wife, Leolla M.
Dailey. Mrs. Dailey has been residing at
the Berkshire, and her husband charges
that in addition to cruelly treating him
she is Intemperate to such a degree that
the court should grant him an absolute
divorce. -$ "' ' ¦• ' ¦ sS
Decrees of divorce on the ground of de
sertion were yesterday granted Carrie L
E. Doheny from Edward L. Doheny, Julia
A. Williams from George WilHams and
Elizabeth A. Stolher from Anton A.
Stoiher. Suits for divorce have been ttle-i
by Margaret A. Hall against Andrew J.
Hall, for desertion, and Cora H. Lacy
against Thomas H. £*cy, for desertion.
Judge Murasky yesterday ordered Dr
George A; Lung, surgeon of the United
States cruiser Philadelphia, to pay his di
vorced wife, Elizabeth Lung, the sum of
$40 a month alimony. The court also in
formed Dr.' Lung's counsel that when the
bill was presented, for transcribing papers
to be used by Mrs. Lung in her appeal to
the Supreme Court from the Judgment of
the lower court granting her husband a
divorce from her on the ground of intem
perance, an order ¦ would - be Issued com
pelling Dr. Lung to pay the charges of
transcribing. •¦ •¦;•¦ • • - • y: ¦,-. .-. .
4- Room Furniture
l'xJ'ltv, (^/ j
BEDROOM— Bedroom act. 7 plecea, hardwood:
1 good Wire Spring. 1 good Top Mattreaa. I
Pair Pillows.
PARLOR— S pieces Oak or Mahogany Up-
holstered Set.
DINING-ROOM — 1 Hardwood Extension
Table. « Oak Chairs.
KITCHEN— I- Patent Table. 1 No. 7 Stove, 1
Chairs. •
No extra charge on credit.
'¦ MAKE TOUR OWTf TERMS. V :-- :
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.;
1310-1312 Stockton St., Near Broadway.
' Open Evenings.
FISCHER SUCCEEDS IN
PLEASING THE PUBLIC
The New Concert House Opens TJnder
Auspices That Are More Than
Favorable. 1
Fischer's concert house at 122 O'Farrell
street, which opened for the first time on
Monday night, bids fair to become one of
the most popular places of amusement in
the entire city. /" ..
The capacity of the house is about 1000,
but such has been the rush the doors were
closed at a little after 8 o'clock last night,
and from that time until midnight the
doorkeepers had their hands full ln turn
ing away the disappointed ones who had
come too late to get a seat. :
The new concert hall Is beautifully deco
rated in white and gold, the acoustic* aie
excellent and the programme ¦ that is
nightly rendered includes everything that
is best from ragtime to grand opera.
Taking it all in all the place is Just such
a one as the city has long wished lor— a
place where the expense of admission is
small enough to allow of one dropping in
for an hour or so without feeling con
strained to remain during the whole pro
gramme in order to get his moneys worth.
The programmes rendered are the best
that musical talent <can produce, and the
regulations that govern the place make it
impossible for objectionable characters to
make their presence felt and give to the
house a reputation that might in time de
bar others from lending their patronage
to It.
The place will remain open every even
ing until midnight,, and matinees will be
given every Saturday and Sunday after
noon. It is the desire of Mr. Fischer to
give to the public a class of musical en
tertainment that will be attractive to fam
ilies, and to offer to the public a pro
gramme that may be enjoyed by the
wives and daughters of our nicest people.
Hence the matinees. :.:.;. , .;
Petitioners Wind OJp. Their Case With a Call for Grand
Jury Papers and Concluding Examination of Mrs,
Gilleran, Which Was Brief.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 21, 1900.
SCAVENGERS HAD
NO TROUBLE IN
DODGING POLICE
Only One Man Was Attested
While Hundreds Were
fSgs&RZsm wiiniuioolCU
'¦¦¦¦••.¦'¦¦¦ _¦ ?.--' >
Carts Passed Without Covers Through
th* Streets i and as Usual Dis- !
seminated the - Bacteria of
Di-ease Freely.
The police arrested one ' scavenger yes
terday for violating the -city ordinance,
which provides that it shall be unlawful
to use a cart for the collection and re
moval ..of general . refuse , unless j it
¦hall be perfectly tight and with a heavy
cover, to be approved by the Board of
Health, tightly fastened on at all UmM
when the owner or driver Is not collecting
or depositing the general refuse. How It
was that only one scavenger was arrested
does not appear. . All day there were un
covered scavenger carts, the drivers of
which were utterly ignoring the law, mov
ing about all over the city. There are over
200 licensed scavenger carts and all of
them were probably at ; work. There • was
not a street through which they did not
pass at some hour of the day. The man
who I was taken in was C. Caesarevitch,
and he was arrested by Sergeant Tobln on
Powell street. • - ...... ... .
Chief of ' Police Sullivan was asked yes
terday morning why no arrests were made
under the ordinance ¦ when it was noto
rious that the scavengers were openly vio
lating it and had been doing so for a long
period. The Chief pulled down a copy of
the city ordinances and looked the matter
up, and at once gave an order for the ar
rest of violators of the ordinance in ques
tion. The order seemed to have little ter
rifying effect upon the law-breakers, for
some mysterious reason. Market street
and other principal streets -were crossed
and recrossed and traversed with impu
nity. '¦: Not one scavenger cart in the city
engaged in collecting general refuse'yes
terday, or If ever, had a cover fastened to
it, as the ordinance directs. The nearest
approach to compliance was a' covering
of coarse cloth, partly over the load an-i
not attached to the cart, although tucked
under a part of the load to keep It from
blowing away. As a preventative against
the escape "of disease breeding bacteria It
was utterly and dangerously inadequate.
The ordinance provides for the approval
of the cover by the Board of Health after
Inspection, and no license can issue fur a
scavenger cart until after the Board of
Health has certified, through the proper
officer, that the ordinance has been com
plied with. Nevertheless there are in evl
dence over 200 licenses. The scavengers
have evidently bftlieved that the matter
could all be fixed up with the ~ officials,
otherwise they would not have ignored the
ordinance. A large body of citizens aro
determined that the loose methods of the
garbage collectors shall not be continued.
More developments are expected.
-p^S]U I do not believe thero
«S»Sarw«\ " * c . ase . °t dyspep-
sia, indigestion cr
H *^' any stomach tronbb
4B? ' JL$& t .' iat cannot be re-
E9 liered at once and
v§ a §^c^feSr perraanpntly cured
\T by my DYSPEPSIA
JL^^ga MUNTON.
At all drusjrist*,
25c - a vial - Gaid9
«• I^^K^if*^ t0 Health an 3 medi-
1 I y- cal advice free. 1505
, • Arch street, Phila.
' 76 start the ball | r -^^^
j m j_l____ : _^____^__j_^_Jl**F**^*' *^J : STRBET-' ¦¦ ~ ' ¦
nil I/T Seated on Market '
frr proximity to bual-
1V f| . r.ess section, places
Allli of amusement and
._,, mT «v depots; 1133 rooms.
' If 1/ A MHi 300 with baths «t-
UllnLll 1/ /tached. The largest
f > . and finer* hotels !o \
ITATn Cthe world. Ameri- ,
nuiELj^ 33 n n . aßd £vr ° peaa
V. NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARXY ANT) WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD A
CO ¦ European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day:
$5 to $S week: IS to $20 month. Free baths: bot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.