Guards, Highland Brigade, the First, See
oritl.Whlrd and Fourth Cavalry Brigades',
one or two brigades. of mounted infantry
and a Yeomanry brigade.
DIFFICULTIES OF THE
NEXT BRITISH ADVANCE
LONDON, March 31—4:15 a. m.— The
head of the army of, Lord Roberts is now
about twenty-one miles north of , Bloem
fontein. It occupies a cluster of hills won
from; the Boers 'after a stiff fight, in
which the British' lost seven officers and
100 men., ¦
The Boers had been using these kopjes
as a base for marauding bands that have
been beating up the country adjacent to
Bloemfontein for supplies, driving off cat
tle and forcing non-resident -Free Staters
into their ranks again. The enemy must
have been in "considerable force, as Lord
Roberts sent 8000 Infantry and 3000 cavalry
against them.
Lord Roberts' progress to Pretoria will
probably consist of such forward r move
ments in which Boer, positions will be
attacked by a portion of the army advanc-
< LONDON, March 31.— The Bloem- i'
f onteln correspondent of the Daily
1 Chronicle, telegraphing Thursday,
March 29, says: \ . ,
'.'President Kruger's latest procla- ¦
\ mation .warns the women and chll- '.
S drcn to leave Bloemfontein within,"
: five days," as he intends, to, bombard
"and destroy, the -city and Uo shoot
the burghers- whom he , t captures "
there. .
¦ "Vigorous measures , have been ;
taken by. the British to t harass ma- :
rauding . bands f of .Transvaal ¦ Boers.
The latter are resorting, to guerrilla
. methods, .chiefly^ against Free Stat- '
r ers , who refuse to join Kruger."
Ing rapidly with wheel transport, the main
army coming up as the railway is re
paired. . ,'• :-;'v -J-
Lord Roberts is stripping the forces in
the' minor spheres of operations of their
wagons and transport animals in order to
hasten the advance. This la understood
to be tho reason why he recalled Lord
Methuen from Barkley West to Kimber
ley; Lord Roberts has to have Methuen's
transport.
The,. reason why a hot chase was not
made after Commandant Olivier. is that
Lord Roberts did not wish to wear out the
cavalry, transport. General ¦ French lost
3000 horses in the relief of Kimberley and
the pursuit of General Cronje. Lord Rob
erts lost 3000 transporjt cattle at Watervaal
Drift, and it is estimated that he has lost
4CK>} other animals since the forward move
ment began on February 13. .
.The advance; beyond Bloemfontein is
through a bare country . and the supply
officers foresee an increasing difficulty In
providing for a great army moving along
a single - line : of . railway, even when the
latter is working smoothly and with ample
rolling stock.
¦The Canadian mounted rifles were part
of the force "that occupied Kenhardt yes
terday. ...
.The rebellion throughout tho northwest
districts of Cape Colony is almost sup
pressed. .
The Goth will sail to-day " (Saturday)
with 600 men for St. Helena to guard Gen
eral Cronjo and 4000 prisoners.
REBELLION IS CRUSHED.
LONDON, . March Sl.— The \ Bloemfontein
correspondent of. the Morning Post, tele
graphing Thursday, says: .
¦; ."Lord Kitchener and his , staff crossed
the temporary bridge at Norvals Pont last
night. He had 3000 men , under his-com
mand and he left 700 at Prieska. He con
siders the rebellion crushed, although the
fire may smolder for some time."
ANNEXATION IS URGED.
CAPETOWN,. March 29.— At 'a. 'mass
meetin g ', of ' 2000 ; Loyalists held to-day at
Paarl," eighteen t miles northeast of -Cape
Town, 1 ': a : : resolution y was « unanimously
adopted • in ' favor jof ¦ supporting • the \ prin
ciple rof^annexatlon of as anTex^
emplary" punishment in the. case of rebels.
This • action ¦ has " caused - gratification here
as . exhibiting, the loyalty of the district/ .
THE LATE ARCHIBALD FORBES:
LIVERPOOL. March SO.— Archibald Forbes, the well-known war correspond
ent, died in this city last night. He had been in had health for pome years,
and during the last six months had been unable to do anything owing to
complications arising from rheumatism and paralysis. His wife was a MiS3
Mrigs. daughter of the late quartermaster general of the United States. Gen
• eral M. C. Meigs.
On his first appearance in the field, some thirty years ago. Archibald Forbes
cook his place in the very front ranks of war correspondents, and up to a short
time ago well maintained hi? portion.
Forbes was born in Moray? hire. Scotland, in IS3S. was a student at the Unlver
¦ tity of. Ab«-rd~»n and later entered the British service in the Royal Dragoons. The
technical knowledge of military affairs therein gained served him in good stead
•¦•when he finally adopted the profession for which he had such a marked natural
¦'artrtufle as to frequently call forth the notice of his superiors. In IS7O he went to
'the Franco- Prussian war as correspondent of the London Illustrated News, and
remained in the service of that paper until compelled by ill health to leave the
field '
H/» aeeompani<td the German army from the beginning to the end of the war,
giving to the world through his paper the most graphic descriptions of the oper
ations that were ever sent from the flcl a, and he saw and reported the latter part
' ot the Commune, that followed.
In 1574 he reported the terrible famine in India, then the Carlist war in Spain
;. and the. war of 1575 in Serv'.a. His most notable work as a correspondent was in
' Ihe Itusso-Turkish war of 1V77-TS. especially the siege of Plevna.
'•' „ In the intervals of active work in the field Mr. Forbes wrote a number of books
•of military character, the first a novel. "Drawn From Life." then "My Experiences
of the War Between France and Germany"; "Glimpses Through the Cannon
Smoke." 1*SO; "Soldiering and Scribbling," ISS2; "Life of Chinese Gordon." 1884;
"Life of Emperor William of Germany." ISSS, and "Havelock," IS9O, all of which
works are marked throughout with the author's peculiar way of telling things as
he raw them.
BAPTISM OF FIRE FOR
MANY BRITISH TROOPS
BLOEMFONTEIN, March 30.— The at
tack upon the Boers holding the kopjes
near the Karee siding station, a few miles
south of Brandford, was made by Tuck
er's Seventh Division, with the co-opera
tion of French's cavalry. The attacking
troops Included a large force of Austra
lians. Colonel Knight, with 400 New
South Wales mounted infantry, including
Le Gallais' Brigade, attacked the right
flank. A Ion? chain of kopjes was held by
the Boers, and there was severe fighting
all along the line, of attack. The approach
was very sieep, like a fortress, and the
troops were unable to make headway un
til the infantry made an attack upon the
front. The cavalry went round the right
flank of the Boers and used their Vlckers-
Maxim freely.
An army hospital was established in a
cottage under the shelter of a large
kopje. The Boer shells came right, over
the kopjes and landed near the hospital,
which it was found necessary to evacuate.
The Boers slowly retreated upon Brand
ford, taking their dead and wounded with
them. Meanwhile the cavalry, including
the Australian horse and the Sydney Lan
cers under Captain Cox. brigaded with
Porter's brigade, the Carbineers, Scots
Greys and the Innisklllings. received a se
vere shell lire. The Boers had evidently
marked the range, as when the troops
advanced the enemy's fire was less ac
curate.
The colonials displayed great coolness
under fire. Many horses were killed un
der the cavalry's flank attack.
The Boers fled and all our troops rushed
forward, and now hold an excellent posi
tion upon the . kopjes recently held by
the Boers.
The farmers are in the laager fighting,
leaving the women and the children upon
the farms, which they are confident the
English will not touch. Many of these
farmers would surrender their arms but
for the fear that the Johannesburg police
would attack their farms in revenge- for
their doing so. . .
The Boers are known to hold Brandford
in some strength — probably 5000.
Reinforcements are afraid to move di
rect to their support, and are content
with holding their position, which is
threatened by the cavalry, advance.
The whole action was rather insignifi
cant. Many regiments received their bap
tism of fire and showed splendid coolness.
We have now secured a fine natural posi
tion facing the huge plain before Brand
ford.
•Rudyard Kipling was present during the
fight; i
PORTUGAL SHOWS HER
FRIENDSHIP FOR BRITAIN
LONDON, March 31.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Mall says:
"From Lisbon I heard that with full au
thorization of Portugal stores for the
British forces in Rhodesia have been
passed over the Beira Umtall Railroad.
"Very amicable relations exist between
Portugal and Great Britain and some po
litical changes are expected to follow the
announcement of the Delagoa award."
MACRUMP'S PLAINT
AGAINST A POSTMASTER
LONDON, March 31.— A dispatch to the
Daily Chronicle from , Ladysmlth, dated
March 30. says: V , "....,.'
* "Much interest Is felt in the civil case of
former United . States • Consul Macrum
against the Postmaster at rPletermaritz
burg for an alleged breach of contract Id
handing - over his private ; letters to ; the
military authorities to open. Judgment is
expected to-morrow."" •
CRITICIZES BISHOP:
POTTER'S STATEMENTS
Father SlcQuaid Replies to Charge*
Affecting the Philippine
Friars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.BOSTON. March 30.— Statements cred-
ited to Bishop Potter of New York were
severely criticized last evening at Har
vard In the course of a lecture delivered
in Peabody Hall. Phillip Brooks" house,
by Father J. P. McQuaid. the San Fran
cisco volunteer : chaplain in tho United
States army. Father McQuaid spent a
year and a half In the Philippines. He
said that Bishop Potter, after a visit last
ing four days in the islands, talked and
was listened to as if he were a prophet.
He could not understand how the Bishop
could be taken seriously.
The issue which the chaplain takes
with Bishop Potter relates to the stand
ard of morality among the- Filipinos. Ho
said that the Bishop accused the friars
of having charged exorbitant fees for' the
celebration of the marriage ceremony In
the Philippines, declaring this was the
cause of immorality, as the natives would
not pay the fees. Father McQuaid said
he would like to know If the Bishop could
point out any specific case to prove his
charge.
Tho Bishop, he continued, spoke as If
that condition were general. Father Mc-
Quaid specified on his side of the case
where people of a section of one island
had been without a pastor for four
months, the clergyman having been Im
prisoned. Many children had been born
and the chaplain had baptized about a
dozen. He told the people that he would
perform the marriage ceremony free of
charge and but one couple took advantage
of the opportunity.
With regard to the claim that the friars
stirred up trouble among the natives the
lecturer said he had seen a letter written
by Agulnaldo stating there was no com
plaint against the friars. The great se
cret was .that the friars had lost their
great Influence over the people, and they
lost it through their Spanish pride.
REPORTED VICTORY OF
VENEZUELAN FORCES
Hernandez Said to Have Sustained a
Crushing Defeat Near
Bolivar.
Special cable to The Call asd New York Her
ald. Copyright. 13<». by tne Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PORT OF SPAIN. Trinidad. March 30.—
Venezuelan Government officials report
that severe fighting occurred near the city
of Bolivar on March 22. General Penaloza.
commanding the Government troops, it Is
announced, defeated General Hernandez.
His forces killed 223 of the revolutionists,
took eighty prisoners and captured large
quantities of arms and ammunition. Th-s
Government loss was small. General Her
nandez. It is reported; retired to the in
terior of Guayana with 1200 men.
FILIPINO MURDERERS
PUBLICLY HANGED
Execution Was Witnessed by Many
Persons, but There Was No
Demonstration.
MANILA. March 30.— Morales and Gon
zales, who were found guilty of murder
ing a countryman, were banged at noon
to-day in the plaza in front of the church
at San Carlos, province of Fangasin. An,
officer of the Seventeenth Infantry pre
sided at the execution, which was wit
nessed by the principal citizens of tha
place. There was no demonstration.
Jewelry Store Bobbed.
NEW YORK. March 30.— Some time last
night the Grand Street Jewelry store of
Isidore Welnsteln was robbed of $15,000
worth of Jewelry and diamonds. The biff
safe was practically destroyed. The. burg
lars filed off the heads of the bolts In the
back of the safe. They then cut the back
plate and removed thtwasbestos lining. .
PARI3. March 30.— An official account has been Issued of the victory of
the French troops at Inrahl over the Arab army that assembled with I
the object of attacking the French expedition which recently occupied •
the oasis of Insalah. southwest of Algeria. The French learned of tho
scheme and decided to storm the enemy's position, which was success
fully carried on March 19 by a column led by Lieutenant Colonel Eu. Tha
town was first bombarded and then stormed, the Arab warriors making their
last' stand In th« mosques. They left 600 men killed and 100 wounded on tho
field. In addition 450 prisoners were taken. The French losses were nine na
tive soldiers killed, thirty-eight wounded and two officers wounded.
WOULD REJECT THE
AWARD IN DELAGOA
RAILROAD DECISION
Claimants Not Satisfied With the
Small Sums Granted by the
Swiss Tribunal.
Colonel McMurdo's Widow, the American
Beneficiary, to Get Only $13,000 Instead
of the $4,000,000 Demanded.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. March
30.— Information has been received here from an authoritative source that
the claimants in the Delagoa Bay railroad case are in favor of tho re
jection by this and the British governments of the award mado by tha
Swiss arbitrators. Should the Interpretation placed by the officials of the
State Department upon a somewhat puzzling cable dispatch received by them
from Berne. Switzerland, this morning be borne out by subsequent advices Mrs.
Penfleld. widow cf Colonel McMurdo, the American claimant, will receive only
a few thousand dollars Instead of the 54.C00.000 which she stated was the value
of her late husband's Interest in the road.
The British claimants had expected an award In their favor of nearly J5.000,-
OV>. Counting interest upon the $3,000,000 award made by the Berne tribunal tha
authorities say that the total award will be only $4,125,000. Two-fifths of . this,
they think, are certainly due to Mrs. Penfleld. and they are puzzled by the dis
patch received to-day indicating .that what she would receive will not amount to
more than $13,000.
The dispatch intimated that the first mortgage bonds would have to be liqui
dated first, and that the amount of the award would about cover It, leavlns
about $13,000 for the American claimant.
Administration officials are much chagrined at th« award of tha tribunal.
Their advice further indicates that the Swiss tribunal had declined to change
the valuation of the land 3 for which damages were claimed and which It wai
stated were worth several millions of dollars. If this information be confirmed
the valuation of $40,000 will stand.
LISBON, March 30.— 1n the Chamber of Deputies to-day the Minister of For
eign Affairs, Senor Viga Beiro, announced that the Government would soon pay
the amount awarded by the Berne tribunal in the Delagoa Bay Railway arbitra
tion without having recourse to a loan.
GREAT BRITAIN NEEDS A
MORE DEFINITE POLICY TO
MEET RUSSIA'S PROGRESS
— »
E ONDON. March 30.— 1n the House of Coir.mons to-day Joseph Walton,
Liberal, called attention to the Chinese situation. He complained that
Great Britain had failed to uphold British commercial and political
interests and demanded a more vigorous and definite policy if it was
proposed to meet. Russia's energetic progress.
Mr. Walton. In the course of his remarks, congratulated American states
manship upon the signal success of American diplomacy, saying Great Brit
ain's commercial community owed a debt of gratitude to American statesman
f h!p. which had by the arrangement arrived at secured equal opportunity for
British trade with their own throughout China, and said he thought the time
favorahle for the co-operation of the powers. . .
LIFE'S BATTLE ENDS
FOR A MOST FAMOUS
WAR CORRESPONDENT
Archibald Torbes Passes Away at Liv
erpool After an Adventurous
. Career.
For the Past Thirty Years This Talented
Newspaper Man Had Appeared on Every
Battlefield of Note.
CHURCHILL'S WARNING
REGARDING THE REBELS
LONPON. March 31.— Winston Church
11l In a long dispatch from Durban ex
poses regret that the Morning Post does
not support his vi*ws regarding the treat
ment of rebels. He says he desires to
*:ive a full explanation of his views here
efJ>r but will not again allude to the sub
ject l'n the columns cf the Morning Post-
He proceeds, however, to cay that Sir
Redvers Buller and most of the officers
of distinction share his views and then
edds: ' -¦'-. " :,
"It i* strange that oScers In the field
thould hold more tolerant views than pre
vail at home. However, it is not perhaps
the f:ret time that victorious gladiators
have b**n surprised to see thumbs
turned down in the Imperial box." -
He promts apiinst the "spirit of venge
ance, which can only delay the attain
ment .of peac<\"' adding:
"Beware of driving men to -desperation.
Even a cornered rat is dangerous. We de
pire epeedy peace. The last we
«-ant is that the war should enter the
phas«\ Those who demand an
•ye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth
ehould ask themselves whether such bar
ren spoils are worth flve years of bloody
partisan warfare."
CLEMENTS NOT OPPOSED.
LONDON. March 31.— A dispatch to the
Pally Mail from Koffeyfontein, dated
Thursday. March &. gays:
- "General Clements' flying column, after
a. forced march of thirty-seven miles yes
terday, arrived here unopposed." .- . ...
ROBERTS' ENGAGEMENT
WAS NOT VERY SERIOUS
LONDON, March 31.— Spencer Wilkin
son, de-aling with the military situation
in his article in the Morning Post to-day
says:
"The engagement which Lord Roberts
reports could not have been very serious.
The importance of the action lies In the
fact that the Boers will probably for
some time be shy of approaching British
outposts. It would be rash to say that
Lord Roberts is not about to advance im
mediately. The date of the advance will
be secret, so as to prevent the enemy
learning of it. Presumably Lord Kitch
ener Is now at Bloemfont-ln, and this
may be taken as an indication of the im
minence of the advance."
SYMPATHY OF THE QUEEN.
LONDON. March 30. — Queen .Victoria
has cabled to Ix>rd Roberts asking him
to convey to Mrs. Joubert. widow of Gen
eral Joubert. her sympathy at the loss
of her husband, and to tell her that the
British people always regarded the dead
general as a gallant soldier and honora
ble focman.
ROBERTS' PLANS ABE SECRET.
LONDON. March 30.— 1n the House of
Commons to-day the Parliamentirv Sec
retary of the War Office, Mr. Wyndham,
was asked whether an expedition was on
Its way to the" relief of Mafeklng.' • He
replied that the Government ¦ was ' pre
cluded on military grounds from giving
any indications of Lord Roberts' plans. .
Special cable to The Call and New York Her
ald Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
LONDON", March 21.— Kruger has ap
parently made up his mind not to
wait until the British are ready to
advance before resuming hostilities.
He sent a force 'of Boer 3 to Karee
Siding, . fourteen . miles south of
Brandfort,' and only twenty 'miles from
Bloemfontein. They intrenched themselves
there on three kopjes, but Lord Roberts
dispatched an overwhelming force against
them, which drove them back to Brand
fort. . The British loss was one killed and
100 wounded." .Indications are not' wanting
that President Kruger intends to make
Borne attempt to support his threat to re
take Bloemfontein.
In Natal, as well as in the Free State,
clashes of outposts, which are always fre
quent before 'a serious action, are begin
ning. Reports from the Boers' headquar
ters state that British troops are massing
at Elandslaagto'and that Colonel Bethune
with his mounted. infantry has been busy
in the neighborhood of Helpmakaar. Fur
ther to the east the Boers are showing
signs of' acting on the offensive once
again. In order to check this disposition
General Buller has had to strengthen his
outposts.
Skirmishing continues at Warrenton.
The situation there suggests that a game
of bluff is being played by the British,
with tho idea of keeping the Boer force
'stationary on the right bank of the river.
Whether they have succeeded .' in doing
this is doubtful. Bodies -of Boers 'are re
ported to be near.Taungs to the north and
near Barkley West to the southwest.
The most important item of news;con
cerning this portion ,of the seat of !' war
having bearing on: the relief of Maf eking
i 3 the intelligence that on Monday 2000
mounted men with three batteries passed
through • Barkley West, ; apparently, pre
pared for a long march, and that another
1000 men were expected \ to follow 'them.
The relief of the. town from the south is
only possible- by mounted men, as* the
Boers have' destroyed -the- railroad . north
of Warrenton; thus preventing it being
used to transport an Infantry force. /
- If, is i now. anticipated •• that . ¦when . Lord
Roberts advances he will have about 70,000
men. This huge army will be. made up of
the Third, Sixth,* Seventh,;" Eighth and
Kinth. divisions.' with another made UD'of
I ONDON, March 30. — The -War Office has issued the following from Lord Roberts to
I the Secretary of War:
"BLOEMFONTEIN, March 30. — Owing to the activity of the enemy on our im
mediate front and their hostile: action toward burghers who surrendered, I found it necessary to
drive them from some kopjes they had occupied near Karee Siding-station, a few miles south of
Brandfort. The operation was successfully carried out by the 'seventh division, assisted by the
first and third cavalry brigades under French and Le Gallais' regiment of mounted infantry. The
enemy retreated to Brandfort, and our troops, now. hold the kopjes. - ¦
"Our casualties were: Killed— Captain Going, Scottish Borders.. Wounded— Captains Sel
lar. Luard, Peebles, Curgovan and Edwards, Lieutenants Colson and French, and about 100 rank
and file."
PRETORIA. March 30.— General Louis Botha has been appointed to succeed General
Joubert as commander-in-chief of the Transvaalforces.
ON LORD ROBERTS' FLANK.
Cavalry Scouts Feeling the Enemy in the Defiles of the Vet River Mountains, Near ?
In Taking Kopjes Near Bloemfontein the
British Suffer a Loss of One Officer
Killed and Too Men Wounded.
VOLUME- i3og£VH£sfO, 131.
PRICE TTVB CENTS.
SAN rRANOISCOji;SATURDAIT;r MARCH 81, 1900.
BOER FORCES AGAIN
ON THE AGGRESSIVE
The San Francisco Call
KRUGER MEANS
TO BOMBARD
BLOEMFONTEIN
ARABS LOSE MORE
THAN A THOUSAND MEN IN
BATTLE WITH THE FRENCHStandard Optical C 0.," 217 Kearny. «t., leading
opticians. All work guaranteed; prices low. ••
IDENTITY OF
DR, CARROLL IS
ESTABLISHED
Man Now at Knoxville Is
the Missing Riverside
Physician*
Son Interviews Jolliffe and the Two
Compare Notes on the Appear
ance and Eccentricities
of the Man.
— -^-+—. — ' »
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO. March 30.— The
suspicion that the strange doctor who
dropped in at Knoxville, lowa, and gave
the name of C. J. Carroll was the long
missing physician from Riverside has
been confirmed. There is no longer a
shadow of doubt that it is the Riverside
doctor who so mysteriously disappeared
on January 17, 1887. A son of the missing
man came and interviewed Jolliffe of
Knoxville, who came to take possession
of the property, and returned home satis
tied beyond doubt that his father Is in the
hands of the authorities at Knoxville
awaiting Identification, Sheriff Rouse of
San Bernardino County having wired to
hold him and send a photograph.
Young Carroll is now 29 years of age,
but remembers his father's peculiarities,
and as he compared notes with Jolliffe
he could find no chance of disputing that
the man In Knoxville Is his father. Hl3
father's peculiar habits were proved to
be identical with the Knoxville Carroll.
The latter claimed to be very fond of mu
sic and that he had a piano and two clar
inets at home, which was true.
His property which he located in San
Bernardino consisted of a five-acre orange
orchard located '¦ across a cement ditch,
and his Riverside home was just over the
canal, on Eighth street, In a live-acre
orchard.
The Knoxville Carroll claimed to be a
Grand Army veteran and that he had
served In the war as surgeon and had
been connected with two railroads in an
official capacity since. All of this Is true
of tho missing Riverside man. Then came
the comparison of handwriting, young
Carroll having brought several letters of
his father. Those when compared with
the documents brought by Jolliffe showed
this link completed the chain, for the
handwriting was identical. What he
would do about bringing his father back
the son would not say until he had con
sulted his mother, who is at Riverside In
feeble health.
The court ! records show that Dr. C. J.
Carroll was married at Dlllsboro, Ind.,
In 1862, disappeared from Riverside Jan
uary' 17. 1887, after ten years' residence
there; that his wife heard from him Jan
uary 18 and 19, 1887, and from, that time
not till March 30 at New ,York, but in her
sworn statement she does not mention his
aberration of mind from a blow on the
head, although young Carroll talks of It
and that his father then stated he was
going to Germany. On these points her
divorce proceedings are silent. Divorce
proceedings were commenced May 8, 1888,
default of defendant entered September
24, order settling trial made September 26,
the trial held September 27 and Judgment
rendered the same day granting divorce
and giving the property to plaintiff, twen
ty months after the disappearance of the
defendant. Why the trial was rushed
through so hurriedly and no mention
made of the absent defendant's aberra
tion of mind or departure for Germany is
something of a mystery. Whether Car
roll has been an inmate of an insane asy
lum while absent or has been wandering
about practicing his profession Is not
known, and his family do not seem anx
ious to bring him home to find but. They
evidently, from some words the young
man dropped, look upon the presence of
Dr. Carroll in the flesh at this time as
rather annoying, and not agreeable to the
family. Jolliffe and his family returned
to Knoxville, lowa, to-day.
not. The exchange, the witness said,
rendered a statement at the end of each
month, showing the amount due from the'j
car lines, and he thought that It had run
as high as 515,000 per month. He prom
ised to supply the commissioners -with
the exapt figures. The witness could only
remember one person who had paid him
rebate outside the car lines. This, he
said was a man named Vosburg, repre
senting the Clover Leaf line In the East,
with his office in Toledo. The man was
known as a "live stock agent" of ' the
road. The money under the agreement
was to be paid in cash by Vosburg to the
witness personally, and one or more such
payments were made, but Vosburg want- !
ed to keep his obligations in full.
Acting Chairman Clements asked If the
witness could not show the full records
of the rebates from his books, and he said
he could not, as no book records were
kept. "Why not?" asked the commission
er.
"Well, such accounts are not Interest
ing souvenirs," replied the witness.
Attorneys for the roads tried to get an
admission from the witness that he has
an interest in the Santa Fe refrigerator
line, and he said that he had a contingent
interest In 100 cars until last month, when
they were sold to his partner, v.
President C. E. Maud, of the United
Forwarding Company testified that as
a representative of the Arlington Heights
Fruit Company he had received rebates
each year since he had been in the busi
ness of shipping fruits, the rebates rang
ing from $5 to $35 per car. One year he
shipped all his fruit in C. F. X. cars, re
ceiving a flat rebate of $15 per car on all
shipments, the money being paid to him
personally by E. T. Earl. Last year he
had shipped all his fruit in Santa Fe re
frigerators, the arrangements being made
with him by Ed Chambers, general freight
agent of the Santa Fe Pacinc railroad,
who acted as agent for the refrigerator
line, with headquarters in Chicago.
Mr. Maud also introduced a letter from
E. P. Ripley, president of the Santa Fe
road, admitting that private car lines are
"being used illegitimately to foster the
business of one or more private firms."
Both witnesses admitted that one rea
son why they objected to the present
condition is that the rebates have been
done away with, none having been paid
this year, so far as they know, and the
freight rates to them huvlng thereby been
Increased to the amount of the rebates
formerly received.
MISS HORLOCKER
IS SET FREE BY
JURY'S VERDICT
Decision Arrived At After
One Hour's Delib
eration.
Accused "Woman Arose With a Pierc
ing Shriek When the Verdict .
. Was Announced and Fell
Back in a Faint.
Stops the Couth and Works Of? the Cold.
Brtjmo-Qulnlne' Tablets cure a cold
ia one day. No cure, no sas. Frlce 250. - ,
Sea Captain's Hallucination.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PACIFIC GROVE, March 30.-Nathan
lel H. Crane, an Inmate of the Old Peo
ple's Home in this city, was committed to
Agnews Insane Asylum yesterday. He' Is
a retired sea captain, 80 years of age,
and for the past three months has been
uncontrollable because of mental s de
rangement. His hallucination is peculiar
In that he believes he is able to walk
upon the water and that his "elder
brother," as he calls Jesus Christ, would
promptly knock, down any one who at
tempted to Interfere with him while in
dulging In this pastime. He has been In
the Old People's Home only a short time.
¦ » ¦ ~rrrininim
ILL Health Leads to Suicide.
WATERLOO, lowa, March I 30.— Ex-
Speaker Love Alford of the House of Rep
resentatives of lowa committed suicide
to-day in his bathroom by cutting • his
throat with a razor. Falling health
caused despondency. .' \ • V"
Peculiar
to Itself
Hood's Sarsaparilla is peculfar In cofn-
bination. proportion and process— peculiar
in. its actual mfirit and in Its great record
cf cures. It cures a wider range of dis-
eases than any other medicine, effecting
marvelous results where other remedies
fall to do any pood whatever. It conquers
scrofula In its worst forms, salt rheum,
eruptions, dyspepsia, rheumatism and ca-
tarrh.
Sores — "I^ast spring I had sores on my
face. I began taking Hood's Sarsaparilla
and continued with It until the sores were
all gone and I was stronger and healthier
than ever before." John E. Moungovan,
PtHnt Arena, Cal.
HOOD'S
Sarsaparilla
I* America's Greatest Medicine. Price fl.
NEVILLS LOSES HIS
FAMOUS MINING CASES
Judge Nicol Hands Down a Decision
in Favor of Bollard and
Martin. /".*_
Special Dispatch to The Call. :
SONORA, March 80. — In the action
brought in | the Superior Court of Tuol
umne. County by William A. . Nevills
against the Rawhide : Gold Mining Com
pany, the App Consolidated Gold Mining
Company, William H. Martin, John Bal
lard, 'Prince Poniatowski and the other
directors of those companies, a decision
was to-day rendered by Judge G. W.
Nicol sustaining the demurrer of the de
fendants to plaintiff's action.
The suit was brought by Captain Nev
ills to upset the consolidation of the Raw
hide and, App mines, to set aside the
deeds of those properties to the App Con
eolidated; Company, to appoint a receiver
of the properties and also to . recover
heavy damages. The mines are two of
the richest in the State, and the bitterest
feeling exists between Nevills and Martin
and Ballard, who are, the principal stock
holders. The decision to-day la in favor
of- Martin and Ballard and practically de
cides all of the litigation, as Judge Nicol
holds that Nevills has no ' right to ;be
heard In a court of equity. Inasmuch as
he : participated in • the acts of which he
now complains. ......
POLYGAMOUS UTAH
POSTMASTER OUSTED
Result of an Investigation. Following
the Roberts Case in the
1 House.
WASHINGTON, March 30.— 1t was : an
nounced at the Postoffice Department that
J. C. Graham had been removed as Post
master at Provo, Utah, on March 28, and
a temporary successor in the person of
Read Hmoot appointed in his place. Smoot
was selected by the bondsmen of Graham
and will' retain office until some one Is
selected to take permanent , charge.
Graham was removed as a result of an
investigation by the House Postoffice
Committee •on charges '• that he was a
polygamlst. The committee found that he
was guilty as charged, but ' exonerated
the President and all officials of the Post
ornce Department of any knowledge that
he was guilty of polygamy at the time of
hi 9 appointment.
Bullet Sang Near Him.
QUENTIN . PRISON. March 30.—
Frank . Smith, f who drives the bus from
Greenbrae station to this place, narrowly
escaped death irom the gun of a careless
hunter while seated in the depot this
morning. Smith was sitting in the wait
ing: room, when a bullet crashed through
the window, and burled itself In the "wall
at the back. of his head." He ran out to
ascertain the Identity of his assailant,- but
the - man, seeing himself pursued. . took
to his heels and made good • his escape.
Cronje to be banished to '
Saint Helena ! He is doomed
to the exile suffered by Napo-
leon., The Sunday Call of
April 1 will tell you more
about it all than any other
. paper.
Narrowly Escaped Death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. March 30.— Supervisor
Farley and his son had a narrow escape
from death while I driving down Whites
Hill, a few miles north of here, to-day.
The team took fright and dashed down
the grade and could not be stopped till
Farley pulled them Into a bank, where
the wagon overturned, but the occupants
escaped Injury.
YOUR
HEART
/S&p> Will show eigns of
JTSf^BrS> distress Ion? before
tSZM'fcM'I organic destruction
i|9&£^/ has begrun, and this
>^ffl* v '\l cations are flushing
of face upon slight
V^jBBBHrVSi disordered itomach.
kips anil
moves every symptom: It is a 'positive
cure. Do not wait until the delicate heart
valves are destroyed. Take HUDYAN as
soon as you observe the first symptom.
HUDYAN Is within your reach;, it will .
i cure this most dangerous disease. It has
cured others, why not you?
G*t HUDYAN at your drugjrfsfs— soc a
package, or six packages. for $2 50.
If he does not keep It. send direct to A
HUDYAN REMEDY CO., cor. Stockton. I
Kills and Market streets. San Francisco. $
Cal. .-, \\
* ~~,^^ "*! gf tbe Hudyoo R«rrf dy L
I nnrTriß^ ) s°-. ma^ be consulted >
I LJUL 1 UilO J by letter or In person-
* — — ; — ; — * write your symptoms.
. SEND FOR .CIRCULARS AND TESTIMO-
NLAiS PF.THB GREAT HUDTAN—FBKK-
SUICIDE'S BODY CARRIED
OVER NIAGARA FALLS
Insane Man Leaves a Letter Blaming
Lillian Russell for Having
Caused His Death.
NIAGARA FALLS, March 30.— A sensa
tional suicide occurred to-day on Goat Isl
and, near the spring. A man waded out
as far as he could, shot himself three
times in the head, pitched forward into
the water and was swept down between
Luna and Goat Islands, going over the
falls at the Cave of the Winds.
From papers and letters left behind he Is
thought to have been Hippolyte Schneider
of Pittsburg. Letters in French were found
addressed to "Madame Lillian Russell,"
"Infanta Dahlia" and the Westinghouse
Company of Pittsburg. In one letter he
blames the woman Lillian R. Russell for
his death, and Raves her all his property.
The letters were rambling and indicate
that the man was Insane. Naturalization
papers were found on him, dated March 9,
1882. at Pittsburg.
PITTSBURG. March 30.— Hippolyte
Schneider was a machinist who until three
weeks ago worked for the Westinghouse
Electric Company at East Pittsburg. He
lost his position and had since been In low
spirits. Last week the house occupied by
his family was given up, and Mrs.
Schneider and her daughter went to live
In Allegheny. Schneider left Pittsburg,
Faying he was going to look for work.
Nothing had been heard from him since.
?
DEATH OF G. H. FANCHER.
Was a Prominent Capitalist and
Rancher of Merced County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED, March 30.— News . waa . re
ceived here to-day from Banning of the
death of George H. Fancher, a capitalist
and large landowner of this city. Mr.
Fancher, who at the time of his death
was 72 years of age, was a native of On
ondaga County. New York. He came to
California in ISSO and for a while followed
mining, afterward engaging In farming in
San Joaquln County. In 1863 he moved to
Merced County, where he farmed several
years.
George H. Fancher was one of the
founders of the Merced Security Savings
Bank, of which institution he was presi
dent for twelve years, ill health finally
compelling him to resign. He was also a
shareholder In three banks in Stockton
and a director of one building and loan
association. Of a family of ten children,
foui of whom survive him. he was the
second child. Lee R. Fancher. president
of the Merced Security Savings Bank of
this city. Is the only one at present re
siding in this State.
Settled Out of Court.
LOS ANGELES, March 80.— The contest
over the division of the estate of the late
Jose Mercarel, which Is valued at over
$1,000,000, has been settled out of court.
The bulk of the property goes to the two
daughters, Constance Guoytino and Hor
tense Guoytino. Sylvester Mercarel, the
son, and the widow of the old don have
already been provided for and they now
waive all claims to any considerable
amount of the property.
Used a Knife.
WILLOWS, March 30.— Joseph Burke, a
Jacinto butcher, stabbed Thomas Poag,
stock foreman on the Glenn ranch, this
afternoon. The men have not been on
friendly terms lately and an argument
over some cattle. finally led to a Quarrel.
Poajr became angered at a remark made
by Burke and struck him. Burke quickly
drew a knife and stabbed Poag in the left
side near the stomach.
Special Dljpatch to The Call.
NAPA, March 30.— The $25,000 breach of
promise suit of Emma Hagemeister
against Edward Ryan has been on trial
in the Superior Court here for two days
past before Judge Ham and a Jury. It
has attracted widespread attention be
cause Ryan is one of Napa's oldest and
best-known citizens and is a retired capi
talist. He is abouf 70 years old. The pro
ceedings in court have developed many
sensational statements from witnesses,
who have given astonishing testimony as
to plaintiff's conduct while a resident of
Napa.
, When one of the witnesses was testify
ing against Mrs. Hagemeister thiß morn
ing she wept bitterly.
As a result of the trial one of the wit
nesses called by the defense, Fred Kibler
of Yountville, was arrested to-day for
perjury on a warrant sworn to before
Justice Marois by Mrs. Hagemeister. The
fair plaintiff was the first witness to take
the stand in the case when it began
Thursday morning. She testified that
Ryan had proposed marriage to her and
that the date had been set for Christmas
day, 1599; that after New Year's defend
ant refused to keep his promise, which
treatment of her by Ryan had resulted
in great loss to her, both financially and
otherwise. There was only one more wit
ness for the plaintiff called and her side
of the case was closed.
The defendant then took. the stand and
denied positively that he ever proposed
marriage to the plaintiff, but admitted
that he often visited Mrs. Hagemeister at
her store and also rented a room from
her on Brown street when she was rent
ing a house on that street. Several wit
nesses followed Ryan. The most import
ant was Fred Klbler. He testified that
in November, ISD9, the plaintiff wa^i rec
ommended to him as an eligible woman
to marry. He came to Napa and saw
Mrs. Hagemeister. and the latter prom
ised to wed him, but later on she backed
out.- The courtroom has been crowded
each day with spectators, who have been
eager to hear the testimony that has
been given by the many prominent citi
zens of Napa who have been dragged Into
the case to give evidence. All the testi
mony .was put in by 5 o'clock this after
noon and an adjournment was taken until
9 o'clock to-morrow morning, at which
time the case will be argued by the at
torneys.
It Is one of the most sensational cases
of its nature that has been tried In the
Superior Court here for many years past
and the verdict of the Jury is awaited
with much interest. ,The case has been
stubbornly contested upon both sides.
Thomas B. Hutchlnson and Charles
Beerstecher are attorneys for Ryan and
George Caldwell represents the plaintiff.
second-class mail matter. When tha so
called Loud bill was recommitted to the
Postoffice Committee last week it was
thought to end all attempts at legislation
regarding this class of mail matter during:
the present session, but with character
istic persistence Loud now presents a bill
the provisions of which embrace the Im
portant features of the former measure.
The new. bill provides that mailable mat
ter .of - that class shail indud* all news
papers and periodicals issued as frequent-.
ly as four times a year, but not admitting:
to the second-class rate publications pur
porting to be Issued to subscribers which
are merely books or reprints, whether is
sued complete or In parts, bound or un
bound, sold by subscription or otherwise,
or whether they purport to be premiums
or supplements or parts of regular news
papers or periodicals. The bill also pro
vides that news agents shall not return
to publishers at the pound-rate unsold
publications, but shall pay postage on the
same at the rate of one cent for four
ounces.
Pensions for Callfornians: Original—
Henry C. Hamblln, Los Angeles. J6: Frank
Johnson, Los Angeles, S6; Henry M. New
hall. Needles. t3; William McClarney.
Mountain View. $6.
Washington— Additional— Van Ness Grif
fin, Toledo. $6 to t&. Increase— Ezra M.
Stratton. Woodland. $8 to $3.
Oregon— Restoration and additional —
Special— Frank P. Holt. Portland. $5. In
crease—Elzey George. Deer Island, ?•? to $3.
Lucretia M. Stanley has been commis
sioned Postmistress at Collegeville. CaJ.
Chaplain Joseph A. Potter. U. S. A., is
relieved from duty at Angel Island and
will report In person to the commanding
general. Department of California, for as
signment to duty at the Presidio of San
Francisco.
William J. Holman of San Diego has
been appointed electrician at the Warm
Springs Indian School. Oregon.
DEPUTIES USE
PAPER PELLETS
FOR MISSILES
Attack Upon President Co
lombo of the Italian
Chamber.
— * *
Intervention of Ushers Proves Fruit
less and He Is Compelled to
Declare the Sitting
Adjourned.
i ROME, March 30.— 0n the President of
the Chamber of Deputies taking his seat
for to-day's session of the House, the ex
treme Leftists raised a tumult, shouting,
"Go out!" and pelting him wth balls of
paper. As the intervention ot the ushers
was fruitless the President was compelled
to adjourn the sitting.
The scene In the Chamber to-day was
dramatic. After threats by. the Socialists
it was thought that Slgnor Colombo would
not preside, but at the appointed hour he
entered the house and calmly took his
chair. A howl of rage went. up from the
extreme Left. Signor Colombo sat impas
sive, with his hand resting on his hip and
looking fixedly at the Leftists, some of
whom began to throw paper pellets at
him. Several of these fell short and struck
the occupants of the Ministerial benches.
The ushers induced the paper throwers to
stop, but it was impossible to calm the
uproar.
The -Rightists then arose and cried,
"Vive Colombo!" . ...
The majority, composed of the Rightists
and Centrist 3, arose in a body and Joined
In the cheers, to which the Leftists re
sponded with shouts of "Go out!. Go outl"
After ten minutes' deafening din Slgnor
Colombo put on his hat and adjourned the
session.
The Leftists In the lobbies declare they
will never allow Colombo to preside at
another sitting.
OF INTEREST TO
PEOPLE OF THE
PACIFIC COAST
Arthur W. Ferguson Made
Secretary of Philippine
Commission.
Needham's Bill Providing for the Re
organization of Judicial Dis
tricts of California Passes
the House.
«
WASHINGTON, March 30.— Arthur "W.
Ferguson has been appointed secretary
and interpreter to the Philippine Commis
sion. Mr. Ferguson is a native of Benicia,
Cal., and a son of Colonel. David. Fergu
son of Seattle, Wash.' From 1574 to ISS2 he
was editor of the New Era at Benicia. He
spent some time in Mexico and later re
moved to the District of Columbia, where
he graduated at Georgetown Law School.
For several years he has been chief trans
lator in the Bureau of American Repub
lics. He was interpreter to the commis
sion which negotiated the Paris treaty of
peace with. Spain.
Representative Loud with others of the
California delegation have received a large
number of telegrams protesting against
the adoption of the amendment to the
Alaska bill proposed by Senator Hans
brough, which declares that aliens shall
not be permitted to locate mining claims
in Alaska, Hansbrough, in support of hla
amendment, had referred to the locating
of claims by Laplanders who had reached
Cape Nome early with reindeer on th«
expedition for the relief of whalers at
Point Barrow, and to-day held them to
the disadvantage of American miners.
Hansbrough, after conferring with Loud,
agreed to modify his amendment, exempt
ing from ' its provisions those who made
legal declaration of, their Intention to be
come citizens of the United States.
Representative Kahn was to-day In
formed by Professor Newell, chief of the
Hydrographic Office, that the officials of
the bureau had been Instructed to con
tinue the work of gauging streams in Cal
ifornia, as provided by recent appropria
tion for that purpose.
Judicial Districts Reconstructed.
Representative Needham to-day secured
the passage of . his bill • providing for the
detaching of certain counties from the
Northern Judicial District of California
and adding them to the Southern Dis
trict, dividing the Southern District Into
two divisions and providing for the hold-
Ing of terms of the United States courts
at Los Angeles and Fresno. When Need
ham called up his bill,* Richardson, the
Democratic leader, asked for an explana
tion of the measure. Needham and Wat
ers both gave full accounts of the provi
sions of the bill, declaring a great saving
would result to the Government In witness
and jurors' fees and general expenses at
taching to the holding of terms of court,
and that the convenience of a large popu
lation would be served. The Democratic
and Republican members of the Judiciary
Committee expressed their approval of the
bill and it was passed unanimously.
The House Committee on Naval Affairs,
which to-day agreed to report the appro
priation bill, discussed the subject of
armor-plate and the building of some of
the new ships in Government yards. No
conclusive action was taken on either
proposition. It Is understood . that Repre
sentative Metcalf and other members of
the committee favor the plan, unless the
plate can be bought for a less price than
the Government ¦Is now obliged to pay.
The bill authorizes the purchase of armor
plate for ships now under construction at
not more than $545 per ton." but some mem
bers-of the committee insist this price is
far beyond what should be paid for armor
for new ships. Metcalf and several Dem
ocratic members of the committee are
said to have urged the construction of one
or .-more -of -the new. battleships and crui
sers at the navy yards. Instead of giving
all contracts to private parties. It Is not
probable that a ¦ minority report -will be
submitted on these propositions. "but. that
the whole . matter will be discussed and
decided on the floor: of the House when
the bill comes up for, consideration. ••
Loud's New Postal Bill.
.Representative -Loud i to-day, reported a
bill amen dins ' the . postal , laws . relating ¦to
HARRISON RELEASED.
"Human Ostrich" Walks Out of the
Gates of San Quentin.
?r"""'al r>i«patrh to The CaJl.
PAN QUENTTN PRISON, March 30.—
Thnmas Harrison, who for two years has
k*>pt visitors and inmates of the peni
tentiary entertained with glass chewing,
passed out of the gates this morning a
ir<?e man. Harrison had been serving a
two years' sentence for grand larceny
frrm San Luis OlMspo. this being his sec
ond Term for the same ofiense. He was
in many respects tne most interesting
character confined In the prison, and he
rlaimeo to be descended from an African
Prinze.
He. had traveled for several seasons
with Karn urn's Cirrus, with which h<»
was featured as a side-show attraction as
:be "Human Ostrich." by which title he
was familiar to audiences all over the
continent. He claims once to have eaten
as many as fifteen lamp-chimneys for a
wager. Glass had become a necessity to
him. and while in the prison a daily des
sert of broken lamp-chimney was set aside
for him. Harrison says that all the mem
bers of his tribe eat glass or coarse sand
as a sort of bonne-bouche. He would eat
any old glass, but preferred lamp-chim
neys as being more easily digested. Har
rison says he will join the Salvation Army
as an advertising feature.
BROUGHT MAIL FROM NOME.
Chief Clerk Kimball's Report on the
Alaskan Service.
WASHINGTON. March 30.— A report
has be«n received at the Postoffice De
partment from Chief Cl*>rk Kimball, at
St. Michael. Alaska. undf»r date of De
cember 30. The fact that this report came
throueh !s rcpardr-d as indicating a great
Improvement in th* ¦ervlce. as herrtofor*
it was impossible to get mail from that
point after the lirst part of November.
The chief clerk reports that mails left
St. Michael three times from October 1
to December I, and arrived three times up
to Df-oomfccr 23. On November 1 Mr
K!mba!l loft St. Michael for Nome with
ebout 31.10 letters for that place, and 25 for
Goloyin Bay. whirh is located beyond th«
Arctic circle. As no provision had been
made for any mail service from Norn» he
advertised to take all mail matter from
there to St. Michael. Owing to the fact
that a number of private carriers had
been offering to take out mail for from
M to 12 a letter, he found it difficult to
convince people that he would take let
ters for regular rates of postage. How
ever, he tarried away about COO letters
and nine registered packages.
Struck an Iceberg.
PORT TOWNSEND. March 30.— The
Fteamshlp Al-Ki arrived to-day, three
days from the north. While leaving Dun
bar Bay she collided with an iceberg,
knocking a big hole in her bow. She wss
headed for the beach, which she reached
in an almost Finding condition. The ac
cjrient occurred near where a cannery
is being built, and at low tide the cannery
carpenters were put to work and the hole
was pat<-he<l so that she could reach the
pound. Her pumps were kept working all
the way down. Her officers report Cross
Round as beir.r filled with floating ice, the
result of severe shocks of earthquake
which broke large quantities of Ice from
glaciers and precipitated them into the
tea.
Bobbed Chinese.
SACRAMENTO. March 30.— Charles For
rest to-day pleaded guilty to a charge of
having robbed a Chinese lodging-house
and was sent to the Folsom penitentiary
for four years.
Ex-Congressman Owens Dead.
NEWARK. Ohio. March 20.— Former
Congressman James W. Owens died to
day, ajred €2 years. He served in the
Fifty-first and Fifty-second Congresses.
MISS VIOLA HORLOCKER.
She tried to kill with poisoned
candy her employer's wife. Six
women ate of the sweets and nar
rowly escaped death. The girl,
who had been a choir singer and
popular in the society of Hastings,
Nebr., where the crime was com
mitted, returned to that place to
stand trial. She had been in an
Illinois sanitarium, to which place
she will now return.
HASTINGS. Neb.. March 80.— It
took the lawyers several days to
try the Horlocker poisoning case,
but the jury only required an hour
and ten minutes to get back into
the courtroom with a verdict after it was
submitted to them at 10:30 o'clock this
morniner.
County Attorney McCreary concluded
his argument and Judge Adams instruct
ed the jury at considerable length. When
the defendant was summoned to the
courtroom to hear the verdict she was ac
companied by her two sisters.
All were evidently decidedly anxious,
but the accused was the least affected of
the three. She was fairly well composed,
while her sisters sat wringing their hands
as the jury filed in. There was a large
crowd in the courtroom when the Judge
asked the foreman of the jury if th^y
had agreed upon a verdict, and as the
paper was handed up there was a silence
so deep that it was oppressive. -As the
Judge proceeded with the reading of the
verdict and pronounced the words "Not
guilty." Viola Horlocker arose, uttered a
piercing shriek and fell back In t? faint.
Her sisters, who had been greatly agi
tated before, with the assistance of others
in the courtroom, revived her. and as
soon as she was able Miss Horlocker
made her way to the jury box and
thanked each one of the jurymen.
The whole scene was a most dramatic
one. and there were many down whose
cheeks tears trickled. After the usual
preliminaries the defendant was dis
charged from custody and went to the
home of her sister. Now that the strain
of the trial is relaxed it is announced that
she is completely prostrated.
She will probably return to the Jack
sonville, 111., sanitarium. Neither Mr.
nor Mrs. Morey was present in the
courtroom when the verdict was re
turned.
RYAN DENIES
STORY OF THE
ENGAGEMENT
£ays He Merely Visited
Mrs. Hagemeister in a
Friendly Way.
... ¦, , " ? "-~
A Day of Sensations in the Suit for
Breach of Promise Against '
the Aged Napa Capi- • ,
;'. : talist. :':-.-¦ V
LOS ANGELES. March 30.— T0-day's
sesion of the Interstate Commerce Com
mission was accompanied with sensa
tional'features, the presidents of the
Southern California Fruit Growers' Ex
press and of the United Forwarding Com
pany testifying that they had personally
received rebates from car lines which
handled their fruits.
A. P. Naftzcer, president of the ex
change, said that when he was president
of the Overland Fruit Dispatch, a car line
similar to those now having exclusive
privileges on the Southern Pacific and
Santa Fe roads, that corporation was al
lowed three-fourths of "a cent mileage on
the initial lines and one cent mileage each
way on connecting lines in the East, this
with refrigeration charges resulting In
large profits, half of which was turned
over to the exchange, that organization
having half the stock in the Dispatch. He
also stated that the Dispatch received re
ports from its cars, which enabled him
to know Just where every car was at all
times, and he believed that similar Infor
mation is now given E. T. Earl, as mana
ger of the Continental Fruit Express, and
that that Information can be used by him
as the Earl Fruit Company to the disad
vantage of any shipper using his cars,
Karl being. able to throw fruit In ahead
of that of competitors and break or ab
sorb the markets. He said the exchange
has never before paid the full ¦" refrigera
tion charges of the car lines, always hav
ing a rebate.
He said that the rebates were not
known to all the shippers, and they each
shared according to the pressure they
could exert. The payment of rebates had
continued from the first he knew of the
business until the close of the past sea
son. At one time he said the rebates
granted the exchange amounted to $25 per
car. The rebates were paid for the Santa
Fe refrigerator line by E. H. Davi3 of
Chicago, and were sent in the form of
Eastern exchange. For the Fruit Grow
ers' Express the exchange was sent by
Armour & Co. of Chicago. The checks
were on banks which the witness could
not name. He said he had been offered a
rebate by the Continental Fruit Express,
but had refused, as he did not want to
use Earl's cars. These rebates were paid
whether the fruit was refrigerated or
CONDEMNED
MEN DIE ON
THE GALLOWS
Murder of. Mrs. Aspland
Is Avenged at
Spokane.
Joseph C. Hurst Proclaims His
Guilt on the Scaffold and Says
"I Forgive You All, as
Jesus Did."
m
SPOKANE, Wash.. March 30.— George
AV«bster was hanged here this morning:
for the murder of Mrs. Aspland.
G«orge Webster murdered Mrs. Ltse C.
Atpland on a farm four miles from Che
ney. Spokane ccrunty, on the night of May
7. 1537. Webster had been drinking in the
-.oxen of Cheney the night before, and
was ordered to leave the place by the
Aiarshal. He went to the farmhouse of
Andrew Aspland and was admitted. He
taJd he was looking for work and Asp-
Isnd hired him. About 11 o'clock the
f&mj'.y and Webster retired for the night.
The woman and two little girls, aged 13
f.jid 11 years, occupied a bed in the
kitchen. Aspland, Webster and a boy of
11 years occupied a bedroom. During the
night Webster got up and went through
the kitchen for a drink of water. On re
lurnir.g he stopped at the bedside of Mrs.
Asplaiid, who ordered him out of the
room, and he retired to his bed. Webster
made a second attempt to enter the
kitchen and demanded his hat and coat.
The woman placed his hat and coat on the
handle of a broom and passed it out to
him. As she was in tha act of passing
them out Webster shot through the win
dow with a revolver, the ball striking
Mrs. Asplar.d in the abdomen, killing, her.
Webster then returned to his bed and re
mained there until arrested. He was
found guiHy of murder in the first degree
!>y the Superior Court in September. 1897.
The case was carried to the United States
Supreme Court, but the decision of the
lower court was affirmed. A petition
with 60*) r.ames attached, asking for ex
ecutive clemency, was presented to Gov
ernor Kogers. but he refused to interfere.
GI.EN'DIVE. Mont.. March 30.— Joseph
C. Hurst was executed in the jail yard
h-re to-day for the murder of Sheriff
Domlnlck Cavanaugh on December 23,
JW. He confessed his guilt and on the
psllnws exclaimed:
"It's all a mistake; it's* all a mistake. I
rorgfre you all, as J^sus did."
H!s wife and iwoVhildren and near rela
tives took their last leave of the- con
demned man yesterday afternoon. Peo
ple patrolled the streets since early last
evening, and for a time it w.as feared
Hurst would be lynched.
Hurst and Cavanaugh were respectively ;
Republican and Democratic candidates for
Sheriff in !««. the latter being elected by
a prnall plurality. Shortly afterward
< avanaugh was assassinated In an alley
and Hurst was appointed Sheriff by the
County Commissioners. He was convicted '
on circumstantial evidence, and a sensa
tional tight for his Hf* was made.
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL,' SATURDAY, MARCH 3J, 1900.
REBATES PAID BY
PRIVATE LINES
Naftzger's Statements to Com
merce Commissioners.
Says He Believes Earl Is Supplied With Infor
mation Which He Can Use to the Disad
vantage of Shippers Using His Cars.
PAINE'S CELERY •COMPOUND
Strengthens the Stomach. iyL^g^\
REV. ELWOOD SCOTT OF CARTHAGE, IND., WRITES j
¦ ' * ¦ '- • " , "
"My nerves have been so distracted and broken down by overwork
that 1 have had but little rest, pleasure or comfort. I have been obliged
to entirely suspend my ministerial labors for nearly a year. Some said
try Paine's Celery Compound. I did so, and I am glad to say I am now
almost well and hay ¦ resumed my ministerial duties. I can eat almost
any kind of food and digest it without any trouble, and 1 do not have
that harassing pain in my head."
2Painter's Bad Fall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, March 30.— M. M. Perry,
a painter, while at work on the roof of a
house at Petaluma avenue and Fifth
street, missed his footing and fell to tho
ground, a distance of over forty feet. Tha
injured man was attended by Dr. Howltt.
His injuries may result seriously.
Mrs. White Wins.
URIAH. March 30.— After five hours* ar
gument by counsel the "White will casa
went to the Jury this afternoon. After
Keing out 50 minutes the Jury, by vote oC
ten to two, brought in a verdict for tha
proponent. Mrs. W. H. "White, the widow.
The contest involved an estate valued at
over $1,000,000.
DIGNITY GIVES
WAY TO MIRTH
IN THE SENATE
Pettus Delivers a Humorous
Speech on Porto Rican
Question.
Aged Statesman Causes His Col
leagues to Forget Tradition and
Shout With Laughter at
His Wit.
WASHINGTON, March 30.— Merriment
swept away the traditional dignity of the
Senate to-day. Staid sticklers for Sena
torial decorum literally held their sides
and shouted "with laughter, while tho
crowded galleries Joined ln the laughing
tumult which not the slightest effort was
made to restrain. Had the effort been
made it would have been futile.
Senator Pettus of Alabama, the oldest
member of the body— his age being only
a few months short of. four score years
delivered the funniest speech heard within
the Senate chamber in many years. It
sparkled with wit and bubbled over with
humor. Its oarcasm was keen but not
bitter, and even those who were the
victims of it could not but enjoy its
perfect good humor and. its unalloyed fun.
Throughout it all Pettus was as solemn
as if he were delivering a funeral oration.
Not a smile softened the deep lines of his
strong and rugged countenance, and as
he stopped occasionally « mop the pers
piration from his face and head with a big
silk bandana he glanced about the Senate
as if in surprise at the laughter of- his
colleagues. Indeed, he apologized once
for the lightness of the vein ln which he
was addressing the Senate on so import
ant a question as the Porto Rlcan bill.
Proctor (R.) ; of Vermont had delivered
a forceful argument In support of free
trade" with the island of. Porto Rico. He
was followed by Fettus, who devoted the
first part of his remarks to the constitu
tional phases of the subject. Then, quite
unexpectedly, came the fun as he sharp
ened his wit at the expense of Gallinger
of New. Hampshire and Beverldgo of
Indiana. -•?,,,' ¦ „
"It was a gem., said one Senator, com
menting upon, Pettus' speech, "and will
long stand as one of the best examples of
Senatorial ; fun-making."
' Proctor Favors; Free Trade.
Proctor of Vermont "spoke as an unalter
able ' advocate of the policy of free trade
between the island and the United States.
He quoted 1 extracts from the President's
annual message and the Secretary of
War's report favoring free trade between
the island : of : Porto Rico and the United
States referred to the sudden change that
somehow had been wrought and said:
' Ik it stranire that some of us. in lack of an
of flcial statement or aocarent : reason for this
shift "-should; be slow- to 'give ;up a llneof ac
tion'which we believe to be. based on principle
and justice, which we believe to be the only
honest and consistent course? IfU charged—
I do not , know with what truth, if any— that
: this chance waß brought about by • the sugar
and tobacco Interests and also.' It Is stated, by
organized .; labor. iSIUjIMjP HPI WiWkSßSttWMflMsi!
,1 . however, have : failed . ; to * see • that - th«
representatives* of ' this latter interest ' appeared
before the committee. It Is practically admitted
t hat tram tnda with Forto Rico does not harm
CIVIL WAR CLAIMS.
Confederate Raids Recalled by Meas-
ures Before the House.
WASHINGTON. March 20.— The House
devoted the day to war claims. The bill
to remunerate the British Cable Company
for expenses incurrpd ln repairing the Ma
nila cable cut by Admiral Dcwey, which
was under consideration several weeks
ago, was consigned to oblivion, as was
the bill to refer to the Court of Claims
the claims of citizens of certain border
counties of Pennsylvania who suffered
losses during the various Incursions of
rebel forces into that State during the
civil war. This bill ha« been before Con
errsn for many years arid involves about
Three bills were passed: To refer the
claims of George \V. Lawrence (involv
ing $17,000) in connection with the con
struction of the monitor Wassuc. to the
Court of Claims; to refer the claim of
Hiram Johnson and others for cotton
burned in East T^nnesseo by the Confed
erate forces, to the Court of Claims, and
to pay MathJas Ped^rson of Spring Val
ley \\'is.. $»«00. By a curious coincidence
Cox of Tennessee, who commanded the
Confederate forces which destroyed the
cotton in East Tennessee for which the
Government Is now to pay, occupied a
seat on the floor when the bill was passed.
Mahon of Pennsylvania, chairman of
tho Committee on War Claims, then
called up the bill to confer upon tne Court
of Claims jurisdiction to inquire into the
claims of the citizens of the border coun
ties in Pennsylvania for property taken
or destroyed during the civil war by Oen-
BOSTON. March 30.— Mrs. "Jack" Gard
ner has gone into a new line of work, and
while she is not importing old Italian pal
aces to construct into new Boston houses
she is in a way going Into the show busi
ness.
All Boston is curious to know what Mrs.
"Jack" looks like and what her house
looks like. All Boston is perfectly willing
to pay liberally for the purpose of finding
cut, and so, in this beautiful Lenten sea
son, Mrs. Gardner proposes to open. her
house at 152 Btacon street.
It was innocently announced that Mrs.
John L. Gardner had kindly consented to
open her house at IS2 Beacon street for
the purpose of exhibiting her art treas
ures In aid of the land and building fund
of the Industrial School for Crippled and
Deformed Children yesterday morning
MRS "JACK" GARDNER OF BOSTON.
Mrs. Gardener exhibits her handsome home to curious people at the
rate of $2 and $3 a head. The money thus raised will go to the Industrial
School for Crippled and Deformed Children.
and this morning from 10 to 1, and on
Saturday afternoon from 2 to 6.
It cost 's 2 to Ret in to see Mrs. "Jack"
and the pictures on the mornings of the
show, and $1 more in the afternoon. Ther&
is a limited number of tickets, but Mrs.
"Jack" is not in the selling business, and
people have to apply by letter to a New
bury-street lady, who is interested in the
home. No anonymous buyers axe consid
ered, and names and addresses of the
users have to be given when the money
is sent.
Not so rigid were the restrictions re
garding the sale of tickets for the func
tion given at the house of Mrs.- "Jack"
yesterday afternoon, when Mrs. Adah
Benzlng of New York gave a song recital,
assisted by Otto Roth, violinist, and
George Proctor, the young pianist, whom
rumor has hinted as a possible. If not
probable, second husband for Mrs. "Jack."
BIG TREE GROVE NOW
WHITESIDE'S PROPERTY
Transfer Has Been Formally Made and
the Government Must Now Deal
With New Owners.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
SAN ANDREAS," March 30.— The sale of the Calaveras his trees has been
consummated. Luther Whlteside has made good his bond of JICO.OOO, due to
morrow, and J. B. Sperry has transferred the property to the Big Trees Com
pany. The money has been paid into the Union Bank at Oakland. In the Su
perior Court here yesterday Sperry gave some oral testimony necessary to
clear the title, upon which the judgment of the court was recorded as to Its
complete validity. Thereupon the deeds to the property were passed.
Mr. Sperry is to have the privilege of the use of the buildings and of look
ing after his personal effects for one or two seasons, or as long as tho Bis:
Trees Company owns the property. The Government will now havo to deal
with the new owners.
and he pulled out hl3 sword and demanded to
know who was on the Lord's side and the
orator Jumped up from his knees, drew his
sword and got on Moses' side and went to
killing: the Israelites along with Moses.
All these orators will do the same thin?
(laughter)— the last one of them. We saw
an instance of it yesterday afternoon.
At the conclusion of Pettus' speech con
sideration of tho amendment was resumed.
The pending amendment was that of Mor
gan, providing that the United States ln
exchanging the Porto Rlcan coins for
United States coins should pay 100 cents
Instead of 60 cents for each or the Porto
Rlcan pesos. After some discussion the
amendment was defeated— l 2 to 33. The
committee amendment as to the exchange
of money was then adopted.
Amendments Considered.
Pettus offered as a substitute for sec
tion 12 a provision declaring that "the
constitution and laws of the United
States shall have the same force and ef
fect in Porto Rico as in other territories
of the United States." It was defeated.
Lindsay of Kentucky offered an amend
ment striking out the provision in section
15 that the Governor should participate
in legislation. Foraker accepted the
amendment.
Allen offered an amendment, the pur
pose of which was to designate Porto
Rico as a Territory of the United States*
In the course of a spirited collocruy be
tween Allen and Foraker, the former said
he did not expect to get an answer to his
question as to why the Porto Ricans were
not given a territorial form of govern
ment. „
"The reason is." interjected Foraker.
"that we did not want to give it to them,
and that is reason enough."
Allen returned to his point and declared
his belief that there was some hidden
purpose in providing "this anomalous
Congressional government."
"I resent the charge." said Foraker,
with evident feeHng. "I deny that there
is any such thing. The Senator when he
speaks so is without any warrant what
ever. I do not know why the Senator
uses such language, which is offensive
and which. I fear, is intended to be so."
Allen disclaimed any reflection upon
Foraker and the incident closed.
CANAL TREATY
APPROVED BY
MR, CLEVELAND
Ex-President Believes in the
Neutralization of the
Waterway.
?
Expresses Himself as Thoroughly in
Accord With the Intent of the.
Hay-Pauncefote Con
vention.
\ — . —
PRINCETON. X. J.. March 30.— Ex-
President Grover Cleveland to-day relaxed
his customary reserve 33 to the discussion
of public affairs, and in an interview ex
pressed approval of the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty for the neutralization of the Nlca
raguan canal. Mr. Cleveland added that
he hoped the treaty**-ould be ratified. Mr.
Cleveland said:
"With reference to tho canal across
Nicaragua I have always thought that
whatever was done .in its promotion by
the Government of the United States
should be done as a contribution by It to
the cause of progress and advancing civil
ization. It has seemed to me that we had
gained that position among the nations of
the world that would make it appropriate
for us, ln accordance with the spirit oC
our institutions, to make such a contribu
tion. This, of course, means the absolute
neutralization of the Nicaragua construc
tion, and since the Hay-Pauncefote treaty
is directly in line with this sentiment I
am, of course, strongly in favor ot ita
ratification."
2g WARNER'S «g
I STRENGTHENS THE KIDNEYS, §
=S And Cures 2^
|2 Scalding, 5*
«§ Backache, jga
«g . Albuminuria, J&
2" Dropsy and jg
Dreaded Bright's Disease. jg
fso modfoino In tho world has a groator record of cures for female Ilia than
L YOIA E. PINKHA FJS'S VEGETABLE COM POUND.
Three carloads of goods to-day and Monday.
We must keep our force busy. We must supply
4ym the large and increasing demand of our patrons. «v*>
)Kh( We must make prices to attract cash buyers, v^v
*>^* large and small. Read these figures! Other •' A -
desirable goods at marwelously low prices.
Ist Floor Bargains.
Sponges for cleaning, large. .. ...sc. ioc
Pudding Basins, 'for small families.. ic
12-qt Freezers with crank, not $8. .$5.25
2-lb pkge. self-rising Buckwheat .... ioc
Siphon Water Filters. $1.50 kind.... 25c
Tomatoes, family use,' d0zen. . ... . . .75c
German Dried Pears, good, 30 lbs. sl.oo
Table Rice, you will like it, 22 lbs.si.oo
Extra Select Oysters, i's at 15c, 2'5.25c
Breakfast Mush, several kinds, 4 for.2sc
Eastern Rolled Oats. 10 lbs 25c
Glass' Pitcher, 40-cent ktnd. . , 25c
2d Floor Bargains'.
$200 goat Shoes, square toe, button,
3Vsto6 .....$l.OO
$1.25 Child's kid shoes, 9 to'-.IIJ^I^SC
Rubber ' overshoes, to size 4 • ioc
Spring dress goods, this year's.
......... sc, ioc. I2j4c
Calico, light or dark, good 20 yds.si.oo
Linen thread, 10-cent 5p001.... .....;. 5c
Ladies' combination suits, corapletcsoc
Ladies' 50-cent Jersey Rib pants . . . .25c
Jointed dolls, dressed, 1 1 inches .... 15c
3d Floor Bargains.
Yd. wide carpets, outwear 50c goods.2sc
Cape Nome Furs, variety. .. .halt-price
; 75c Boss of the Road overalls 50c
Stylish neck bows, washable..... ...ic
White or light vests, washable 50c
Boys' sweaters, $1 kind some places.4oc
Boys' shirts, on bargain table .15c
Men's half-hose, on bargain table .5c
Men's or Boys' Caps, bargain table, ioc
Men's linen hats, wide brim I2J-2C
Cape Nome Goods of all kinds.
Free Delivery in town and near by.
Free Parcel Delivery for all Patrons.
Try the Dining Room on 6th floor.
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., S. F.
Epidemic of Mumps.
Special Dispatch tr> Tha Call.
SAX ANDREAS, March 30.— An epi
demic of mumps prevails here, and sev
tral serious cases are ln the hands of phy
sicians. The life of at least one patient la
in serious Jeopardy. Grown people an*
suffering 1 most.
To-day only, Marks Brothers are selling
ladies' silk and lisle hose, regular valua
33c, sale price ISc. 1212-1214 Market st. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BUSY DAY FOR BRYAN.
Addresses Many Washington Assem-
blages on the Usual Topics.
SPOKANE, Wash.. March SO.— This has
been a day of hard campaigning for
Bryan. He made six speeches ln Whit
man and Spokane counties and addressed
35,000 people. At Colfax he addressed an
audience of 7000; at Garfield, 2000. At Te
koa he spoke for thirty minutes to 4000.
At Farmington 1500 people heard him for
ten minutes and at Spokane he addressed
two audiences of 10,000 each, speaking
afternoon and evening in the monster tent
of the exposition.
He was met at the depot here by 4000
pe»ople and escorted over tne principal
business streets through banks of cheer
ing humanity. With Bryan came Gover
nor Rogers and a party of other State
officials and they were entertained be
tween speeches at the residence of United
States Senator Turner.
Mr. Bryan was in fine voice. At the
afternoon meeting he spoke for ._ nearly
two hours and this evening his address
was nearly as long. His speeches covered
his usual range of subjects— finance, the
trusts and Imperialism. The party left
to-night for North Yaklma and Western
Washington.
Compromise Effected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. March 30.— A compromise
has been effected In the suit of Maria Jo
sefa Castro de Davidson et al, against
Ctisanto Castro to have deeds to over
$100 000 worth of land near Mountain View
set aside, and in Judge Rhodes* court
judgment has been entered for plaintiff.
these Interests materially, but they claim that
It creates a precedent that may harm them If
™ ade ,,| n . reference to the phll 'PPlnes and Cuba.
It will be time to cross those rivers when we
L°i me '? he J r !\, an , d ln my o P ln l°n. the crossing
will not be difficult when the proper time comes
for action.
The people believe, as the President did when
he wrote in his annual message that "our plain
Jv y r* i °, * h " :>llsh th * customs tariff between
the Lnlted States and Porto Rico." The peo
ple know that sentence by heart, and they will
•repeat It millions of times within the year
from its deliverance unless we perform what
the President says Is "our plain duty." The
people believe that this is a question not of
mere policy but of principle.
Pettus Grows Humorous.
T>^t,,i h % C ?P C K Uslon 2f2 f Pr °ctor's speech
Pettus of Alabama nddressed the Senate
on some of the constitutional phases pre
sented by the Porto Rlcan bill. Said he:
How a majority of this Senate has quit the
public road— the road pointed out by the law
h in 'b nd ' and also Bhow whal the result ot
In discussing this question we will get back
to the very foundations. The great error of
those. In the majority here is that they are In
violation of all our notlonsof Justice and com-
ESP.r S fH S »vJ\ c - y '; ta H. thelr departure In the
belief that the United States Is a sovereign In
the sense that some European nations are sov
ereigns. It is not so, and can never be.
From this time forward Pettus' speech
was Personal In its application. He first
took Gallinger to task, saying:
I was very much entertained by the Senator
from New Hampshire on yesterday when he
informed us that he was not a lawyer and he
proved It to us, not only by asserting It but by
his argument. Lawyers know that whon you
come to read a decision of a Judge you must
take all he says on a subject: that It will not
do to take a sentence here and another there
but that Is exactly what the Senator did In
quoting Justice Bradley in the Mormon church
case.
Pettus then turned his attention to the
speech of Senator, Beveridge, and said:,.
We had a wonderful declamation yestardav
from our great orator — wonderful. it was
marvelous In all Its parts.- It was so marvel
ous that I dare say that such a thing has
never. before been heard In the Senate. When
you get a genuine ' orator he Is absolutely
absolved from all rules -of logic or common
sense. .(Laughter.) When It Is neefssary In
the fervor -of oratorical flourishes to prove
any proposition true or false rules, 6f common
sense and the. decent observance . of what la
due ¦to others must ¦ not stand In the way 'of
maintaining "my reputation" as an : orator
It will not do. If It Is necessary I must
break down the Ideas of an observance of what
the ; Senator from Vermont has ¦ characterized
as the "best policy." ' If It . Is necessary I
must draw on my imagination : for facts and
on my memory for flights of fancy as Ovid
Bolus did. When an orator speaks he has a
right iln the fervor of hla, oratory here in
the United States Senate, s in, reference to the
Republicans and Democrats and Populists and
any other men who may choose to take a seat
here, ¦ to speak of them as enemies of the
Government.- lie 'has.- a right, to - speak of
them as opponents of the Government. The
Government in his mind Is "me and my wife,
my son John and his wife, ,us four and no
more." (Laughter.) SSPgajßwffiagteßßß
Beveridge Likened to Aaron.
Mr. President. I was amazed at that speech.
I once before heard one that went oft In that
direction. I tell you - the senior or, the Junior
Senator from . lowa." I- do not know which,
and • the senior or junior Senator from Maine
I do not know' which, .trill 'have to take some
action In reference to that orator.' There Is
no ¦ doubt alKjut It in the world. : (Laughter.)
There will have' to . be some . caucuses on the
matter. - (Laughter.) I .tell you. ; Mr. Presi
dent, these : four wise men from Maine and
lowa could not devote their tlrrm. ,If they want
to serve their, party well, better than to. take
some consideration of the orators In this cham
ber. ; (Laughter.)- '
Mr. President, • the Master once had to select
a * man ; to - lead ;¦ the ' children of Israel out " of
Egypt and through the wilderness of Canaan.
He did; not select an orator. (Laughter.) No,
he selected one of '¦ these j men ", rrom . Ip-wa ior
Maine, and ¦ his name ..was ; Moses. : : They took
Aaron along, not in ; command — that was ' not
nllowed— but \ they, took : him ' along ¦as a kind
of -! deputy, ; and when Moses ". on his . Master's
order went up into the mountain for the tables
the orator; lett ;' In charge ; had a golden calf
framed' Slaughter) and. he 'put all - tha ; people
down • ' to . ' . worshiping -.V the '; ' golden . calf.
(Laughter).. More people ; worship the > golden
calf now; than did ' ln« those days. - But whlla
Aaron and ' his people ; were ¦ all * down > worahlp
ln* the- coldan calt the man et Ood appeared
Pendleton Convicted.
REDDING. March 30.— After being out
one hour the jury in the John Pendleton
murder trial returned a verdict of biur
der In the second degree. Pendleton
killed W. L. Randle on September 5 last.
The men had had trouble over a mining
o!aim near Keswlck station and the
shootir.g occurred on the disputed ground.
There were no witnesses. Pendleton
claimed at both trials that he shot In
self-defense. He said Randle made a mo
tir-n to draw a revolver and he shot him
with a rifle. No weapon was found on
Randle's body.
Sailors on a Strike.
{.AXTA CRUZ. March 30— When the
feamer Coos Bay reached this port to
«_ay the Bailors went on strike. The offi
cers had to handle all the freight and
baggage, as the sailors had deserted. The
sailors demanded their pay. which the
purser gave them, after which they went
ashore and took a train for San Fran
cisco.
Old Yolo Resident Dies
»i-'9l T">l»nntch to TTie Call
WOODLAND. March SO.— Hiram Hul
bert, a native of New York, 74 years of
age, and for many years a resident of
Yolo County, died at his home near
Blacks at 2 o'clock this morning.
eral Stuart in his raid in 1562; the invasion
of Pennsylvania by Lee's army in 1563
and the raid of General Early in 1864,
when Chambersburg was destroyed. The
claims under the bill aggregated $3,340,
565. The bill has been before CongTess for
over fifteen years. By a vote of 26 to 53
the committee refused to lay the bill aside
with a favorable recommendation, and In
stead ordered it laid on the table.
The conference report on the diplomatic
and consular appropriation bill was
adopted.
Friendly Toward Spain.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright. 1900. by the New York
Herald Company.
BUENOS AYRES, March 30.— 1n view
of the cordial relations with Spain, the
Argentine government has decided to
eliminate from the national anthem cer
tain allusions uncomplimentary to Spain.
New Shooting Cluh.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• SA^s RAFAEL, March 30.— A new shoot
ing club was organized here last night
under the title of the Marin County
Schuetzen Club, with a membership of
thirty. A prize shoot will be held by the
club at Schuetzen Park next Sunday,
when a $25 medal will bo contested for
R. Klnsella Is president of the new club
and Frank Jacobs shooting master.
Nomination Confirmed.
WASHINGTON. March 30.— The Senate
to-day confirmed the nomination of J J
Girimondi of California to be Consul' at
Santos, Brazil.
WASHINGTON, March 30.— Governor
Steunenberg resumed his testimony at the
Coeur d'Alene investigation to-day, Sulzer
conducting the cross-examination: The
Governor told of his various talks with 1
General Merriam. He first met him In
May last and went over the Insurrection
ary conditions and the necessity for
troops. The Governor said he requested
General Merriam to order the troops to
Shoshone County, and the general did so.
When asked who was in supreme com
mand In Shoshone County, General Mer
riam or BartUtt Sinclair, the Governor,
said that he himself was the responsible
head of authority, although he did not ex
ercise any control or command of the
troops. There was no agreement with
General Merriam, said the Governor, that
the labor organizations were to be broken
up, nor was there any talk of suppressing
them. :¦•.>¦
The Governor again went over his trips
to Washington, his call on the President
and the brief talk with Mr. McKinley.
Questioned as to what the President said,
Governor \ Steunenberg replied that the
President listened to the brief >recltal of
conditions and the need of the continued
presence of the troops, but made no reply.
The Governor was examined as to calls
on Secretary Root, and said the latter in
tended to withdraw the troops from guard
duty on October 20. The Governor called
to protest against this. He found that the
Secretary was quite determined to I with
draw the troops, an order to this effect
having been issued, and most of the Gov
ernor's efforts were directed to showing
to the military authorities that the troops
should not be withdrawn. : ' :
The withdrawal was finally postponed.
The Governor denied that there was any
talk of politics in connection with the
postponement. He told the Secretary
there was no militia available, and not
sufficient time to raise a local guard be
fore the troops would have been with
drawn, and' these representations brought
about the postponement. At present the
troops were not on guard, but were in gar
rison. i.V
McKinley Bid His Sworn Duty.
Further questioned as to calls upon the
President, the Governor said that the
President told one of the delegations that
he had acted as an official in sending
troops on the Governor's call, and that
any other course would not have been a
compliance with his sworn duty.
When Sulzer referred to the "reign of
terror you inaugurated" Governor Steu
nenberg answered emphatically:
"I did not Inaugurate a reign of terror.
It was there before I got there, and has
existed for the last seven years. I know
that country has been a hell on earth for
the last ten years."
Representative Dick opened the redi
rect examination when the cross-question
ing had closed. He said he was sorry
politics had been brought into the inquiry,
but as this had occurred he would pursue
that course to some extent. He asked
Governor Steunenberg as to the reports
of his communicating with Senator Hanna
or with him (Dick), to which the Gover
nor replied that he had never seen either
of them until he came to Washington.
The Governor said he was elected as a
Democrat In 1536 and 1898.
"Did you support Mr. Bryan?" asked
Dick.
"I did." -.*¦¦<¦
"Would you support him again?" . ---/r
"Most assuredly. If he is nominated
again I will support him by all means."
Dick inquired if Bryan had ever written
or expressed any protest or disapproval
of the Governor s course. Sulzer and
Lentz protested and Hay of Virginia ob
jected on the ground that Bryan was not
President. »
"But ho will be soon." remarked Lentz,
who added that Bryan would not declare
martial law.
The committee voted to allow the ques
tion as to whether or not Bryan had pro
tested and Governor Steunenberg said he
had never heard from Bryan In protest or
otherwise. . ¦ ¦
"Has any prospective Vice Presidential
candidate on the Democratic ticket pro
tested to you?" asked Dick, amid much
laughter directed toward Sulzer.
The Governor said there had been no
such protest. The inquiry was then di
rected to showing the circumstances under
which the Governor had called for troops.
Denies Stories of Cruelty.
Representative Dick continued the ex
amination of Governor Steunenberg dur
ing the afternoon session, going , over a
number of the alleged acts or cruelty oc
curring in the bull pen. As to statements
of the killing of a prisoner (Johnson), the
Governor said that on investigation he
learned that It was a case of suicide of an
insane man. As to the charge that a dying
prisoner had been refused the services of
a priest, the Governor said that an inves
tigation showed the story to be absolutely
false. The Governor specifically denied
the charge that men were subjected to
"vile and Inhuman imprisonment." Every
thing was done for the prisoners that was
possible under the circumstances, he said.
Warden Coakley was In charge of the
prison, and no complaints were made
against him. Many persons who visited
the prison expressed astonishment and
said they had been led to believe by the
newspapers that the prison was a "hell on
earth," whereas they found it orderly and
clean. :; : .:t-'.-
Senator Shoup made such a statement,
and others were specified by the Gover
nor. As to the charges that an army had
placed the men on a standing line and had
called them "cowardly curs" the Gover
nor said he never heard of this action and
no complaint was ever made to him. The
prisoners were at one time placed by the
military on bread and water because of
an infraction of prison rules. :
Governor Steunenberg said he never
suspended the writ of habeas corpus, nor
was the writ otherwise suspended. Spe
cific writs were denied by the courts, but
this did not operate as a general suspen
sion of this process. • To the charge that
free speech was suppressed the Governor
said he had given notice that a memorial
service commemorating a fight between
the union and non-union men in 1892,
when the Frisco mill was blown up,
should not be held while the community
was In such an excited state. There was
no interference with the decorating of
miners' graves, as had been charged. On
the charge that the free press was sup
pressed the Governor said the only Inter
ference was with the Mullen Mirror be
cause of Inflammatory publications calcu
lated to arouse further trouble.
Union Men Allowed to Meet.
Governor Steunenberg denied that the
meetings of labor unions were prohibited.
There were - many union men In the dis
trict and they were free to hold meetings.
He characterized as outrageous the
charge that the Bunker Hill mine and
other organizations had dictated the pol
icy of the State. This policy, he said, was
dictated solely by a desire to give to a
county that security and order It had not
enjoyed in ten years. Many of General
Merriam's dispatches and reports were
read and Governor Steunenberg confirmed
most of the statements made. He also
reaffirmed that the disorder was caused
by criminal and anarchistic organiza
tions cloaking themselves as labor organ
izations and having none of the alms of
the great body of labor organizations.
Governor Steunenber^s closing state
ment of the day attracted much attention
for Its vivid recital of a series of lawless
depredations In the ? Coetir d'Alenes,
which, he said, had spread through th©
community. He stated that the house of
the Judge of the First District. Judge
Mayhew, had been entered at night by an
armed and masked man, who wanted to
*now how a ruling of the court was to be
made. On another occasion an armed
mob waited on a Judge and told him he
had "better, rule right." The Governor
said fifty citizens had told him that their
lives would be worth nothing if It be
came known that they had disclosed acts
of lawlessness which occurred.
WABNEB'S REMEDIES.
FLAMES RAGE
IN A THEATER
AT CHICAGO
Burning of the Columbia,
One of the Lake City's
Oldest Playhouses.
Fireroei> Effect Gallant Rescues of
Hysterical Women From the
1 Upper Floors of the
Structure.
»
CHICAGO. March 30.— The Columbia
Theater, one of the oldest and most popu
lar playhouses In the city, was destroyed
by f.re this evening. entailing a total loss
of JIW.OOO. The tire was discovered In the
laundry of the Iro<iuols Club, which oc
cupied apartments on the sixth floor of
the building. The flames spread with
great rapidity " and within ten minutes
sifter the discovery of the fire the theater
was beyond saving. Occupants of. the
building and employes of the theater and
the club were driven to the street in such
haste that in the excitement three women
were overcome and were carried down the
stairs. • .
The Columbia Theater Amusement Com
pany, owners of the building, sustained a
loss of ?125.(>0\j. Klaw & Krl anger, pro
prietors of the Ropers Bros.' Company.
lose JSS.tK*. The loss of the lroquols Club
is SlOiOoO. Other occupants of the build
ing- suffered an aggregate loss estimated
at 80/ MO, making the total value of the
liropert f destroyed JISO.OOo.
A company owned r>y Klaw & Erlanger
of New York and headr-d by the Rogers
brother;:, presenting "Roger Hros. In Wall
Strwt." was playing an engagement at
Xhr theater. T..e tire Interrupted the pro
gress <>i a rehearsal and twenty men and
women in costume were driven to the
stre.-t in haste. The frightened crowd of
performers shivered in a neighboring
saloon while friends went in search -of
suitable ciothing for them. 5>
The early part of the fire was marked
1 y gallant rescues «,f girls employed in the
laundry of the Iroquois Club, where the
names started. Two 'firemen climbed the
fire escape to the sixth floor and carrieu
two wonu-n. wno had become hysterical,
to a place of safety. The rescuers were
urged on by the cheers of thousands
massed In the street below. The others
were escorted down the stairway through
the Minding smcke.
A few minutes after the discovery of the
fire the roof of the building fell with a
crash, and to many It sounded like a
great explosion. The collapse caused a
general stampede among the spectators,
and in the rush several were slightly
brttfsM.
The insurance on the theater amounts
to 000.400, and all other losses are also
protected.
The Columbia Theater was built by J.
H. Haverly a short time after the Chicago
fire, ar.d after it pnssod from his hands.
In ISsfi. it tva« rechriFiened the Columbia
by ni!^n Terry at the time of her first
appearance in Chicago with Sir Henry
Irving.
The Iroquois Club, whose home was de
stroyed. Is the largest Democratic club In
Illinois and has among its members many
cf the prominent Democrats of Chicago.
MRS. "JACK" GARDNER
IN THE SHOW BUSINESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 31, 1900.
ROOT WANTED TO
RECALL TROOPS
Induced by Idaho's Governor to
Retain Merriam's Soldiers
¦ y at Wardner.
Steunenberg Testifies That It Was Solely at
His Solicitation That Regulars Were
Not Withdrawn. .
>y ~ ==asgwi= ***° WQr ld knows of the wonderful
//^^^^^^^^^g^^^r^^S cares which have been made by Lydia Em
If- TJBjJ^§h SP*§JJP^^^^yi Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, yet some
yg_-— — -^^^^^^g^^^^^^^A women do not realize that all that Is
11^ =Jriil&l^(^«lfl8 U claimed for it is absolutely truem
r^^^^^f===^E===^ if sii suffering women could be made to
ZHZ—- =^^^Py^ bcilQve that Mrs* Pinkham can do ail she
. il|||||lllll|?|p" \\ y says she can, their suffering would be at
> y ==y *^. I an end, for they would at once prof It by
¦¦ \ -=^ 7 her advice and be curedm
[ yF f r ~^~^J -«— **<^^\^^^7 a^ d° u bte rs Mrs. Pinkham can furnish the most positive
V>3 N^h -i^^v.- ( ' // First — Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound holds the record
\2+ VM y2 s *v'>2si?J??/ I \ //¦ a /*>¦' // for the largest number of absolute cures of any remedy for female
ylO«S // **' s ever known in this country.
1 VVC *** \&/L "»^ "^^ /^CX^^yy Second — Mrs. Pinkham has on file millions of letters from women
I^^v^^ .'¦"*"¦• f£ %?~~^^ who have been restored to health by the use of her Compound, and all
•\ J M*^ that she claims can l>c verified by an examination of her records.
Third — All letters addressed to her at Lynn, Mass.. are received, opened
"^^^*^ read, and answered by women only. This is a sacred confidence never violated.
No testimonial ever published without the writer's full and free consent in writing,
How Mrsm Bougher 9 s Life Facts About Lydia Em Still More Facts Showing
was Saved by Lydia Em Pinkham's Vegetable Irregularity Is Overcome
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound in Gases of by Lydia Em Pinkham's
Compound, Change of Life, Bearing- Vegetable Compound,
. Down PaIRS, EtCm '¦ "DeakMrs.Pinkuam— l am troubled
"LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable with irregular menstruation, and have
Compound saved my life and gave back " x had falling, inflammation and begun the use of Lvdia E. Pinkham's
• loving mother to eleven children, Sl^^ttS ™^ \£T** ™«
rrbich was more than any doctor could and nervous that I could not do my Peyton, May
have done or any other medicine in own work; had sick headache, no .'dfvrMib Ptvkiiam— l havo tairra-
thewideworld. My trouble was child- ***'. thVee^ttS^f Lydl? E' KnkWs
bed fever. The third day after my Ji?^^ SJm d^i^^SSd* Vegetable Compound, but I have a bad
babe was born I took a chill, which Thro^ t°he "a^ce^ Tladv frTend discharge^and write to ask. if ]I : had:
wasfollowedbyahighfe^ Iwould \£^^«^f™^* ££& Your^d^^^S
perspire until my clothes were as wet Cora L. Pay ton, O*ont Z , p£, July ...
f* though d.pped in a tub of water. by the time I had used "several bottles 189& '
The chills v.vA fever kept up for three was completely cured, ro that I could "Deab Mrs. Pinkham — I write to
days. My daughter got me a bottle of do my work again. lam now passing tell you of the benefit I have received
your Compound. The fourth dose through the change of life and using from the use of your remedies. Before
Conned the chilli anrl tho tewr also y° ur Compound. It helps me wonder- '**"«? them I was feeling very, bad. ; I
popped tte chills and the j j want eve v^ eri oman US ed to go to the hospital, but It did
disappeared. .-Iy life was saved. My to know v/hnt your medicine has done me no good. Your remedies have
Cge at this critical time was forty- f or me »—» — Mrs. W. Al. Bull New done wonders for me."— Cora L. Pay •
nine. "—LydiaE. Bougher, Etna, Pa. Palestine, Mo. ton, Ogontz, Pa. Feb. 25, 1899.
3PR INT IN 3.
F- C HUGHES. „ aJpSSTSV r.
I* W. KNAPP. M. D.
How any man may. quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality.', night losses, varlcocele, ; etc., [ and '¦ en-
large small, weak organs to full size and. vigor.
Simply send your, name and address to Dr.", I*.
W. Knapp. 1373 Hull Bldg., Detroit. Mich, and
he will gladly send tha free receipt with full
directions, ' so . that any man I may... easjly j cure
himself at home.'.. This Is certainly a most gen-
erous off er, - and tha following extracts taken
from his daily mall show what men think: of
his generosity: - ..,'-::¦¦-...,,
> "Dear Blr: Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent - date. I have jriven your
treatment a thorough , test and I tha benefit has
"¦-'¦* ¦?:-,-. - - ¦ -
Stages connect at Santa Rftaa foe Mark West
Bprings and White Sulphur Springs: at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Oeyserville for Ska«rs»
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Hlsrhland Sprtn«rsu
Kelseyvlll*. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lam-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vlchr
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Lpper Lak«. Pocnm
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's.
Bncknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hulinile. Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Brae*.
Weatport. Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllln. Cum-
mtng's. Bell's Springs. Harris. .Olsen's. Dyer.
Bootla and EMr-lta. tT *t ¦ I» WWiJU^a
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rs- .
duced rates.
On Sunday ronnd-trtD tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at halt rates.
Ticket Offices. 630 Market st. Chronicle bid*.
H. C WHITING. R X..RTAX. .
G«n«ral Manager. Gen. Paas. Agent .A
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
!A^ RflVFC.fc Cft 6hlppln«r Butchers. 104
JA> OU I Cj a WJ-» Clay. TeL Main 1»4.
EXCITING RUNAWAY
ON MARKET STREET
BATLBO AD TRAVEL
*H:ir»4 Newwk.C.'!it.-riiilc,Siu.T,>se. Frlton,
Cou'tlerCrrek.SaotaCmzand Way
BUtloiK *3>3«v
t2il.tr Newark, CenterrilW, Sail Jose, New
Almatlcn, Fulton. Ronlder Creek.
Santa Cms ami t'rlncipal Way
Station* flO:S«*
•<:!3r Newark, Ban Jcwo. Los Gatoa. "Oiao*,
&Il:(Sp Uimten' Ezcnnlcn. San Joso and
W»y3taHo->» t7i2«»
COAST UlUvIO:; ( Xarr»« lan^e).
(Foutnl Mirkrt Street.)
—The winners' class has been omitted from the
premium lift. The Kan Francisco Kennel Club
offers a silver cup for the best kennel and the
same In Irish terriers, Waok and tan
terrlere, Skye terriers.. Scottish terriers
and Bedllncton terriers and pugs. In
pugs the Pan Francisco Kennel Club also offers
a silver medal each for the bert dog and bitch
puppies and the same in Yorkshire terriers.
The San Francisco Kennel Club offers for
Yorkshire terriers a silver cup for the best ken
nel of four and the same for Pomeranian or
Spitz doss. •
Toy terriers, Klne Charles spaniels, Japan
ese snaniols, Chow-Chows, Eskimo dogs and
Italian greyhounds also receive a silver cup
for the best kennel of four in each breed.
The office of the club Is at 238 Montgomery
Etreet, and dogs may be entered there until
22, whrn ontrif-s close. SSBiJ&B
' — EFEREE "Jack" Welch stopped
the boxing bout between "Soldier"
RPhil Green and Professor Willard
Bean at the beginning of the sev
enth round In Woodward's Pavil
ion last night. In the first and second
rounds Green punished his opponent bad
ly, and It seemed as though tho contest
must end at once. Bean's nose had been
injured and he bled profusely, his face
and chest being tinted a rich carmine. In
the second round he was knocked down
twice. He was down again in the, third.
In the fourth round he landed a right
on the head which surprised Green and
made him cautious. Toward the end of
the round Bean was again flying signals
of distress. He looked so used up that
Captain of Police Gillin stopped proceed
ings temporarily while Dr. Chalmers made
a cursory examination to determine
whether he was physlcallv able to con
tinue. He decided he was, and the bout
went on. Green punished him badly in
<~> sixth round, playing for his body.
When the gong sounded for the opening
of the seventh round Referee Welch
waved the men to their corners and
awarded the decision to Green. He said
afterward that Bean was in no condition
Mtmnm pacific campaxt.
(FACIfIC HYSTEM.)
Xr»lsMi !••¥«» iiml i»r* tln«» !• i»rrlT» •*
HAN FIUNVIMIO.
(Main line. Foot of Market Street.)
WALES' HORSE
CAPTURES THE
STEEPLECHASE
Ambush* II Scores an Easy
Victory in the. Classical
Grand- National.
Heavily Backed by, the Public, His
Success Arouses Tremendous
" Enthusiasm Among the
Spectators.
?
LIVERPOOL, March 30.— The Grand Na
tional steeplechase, run here to-day, the
second day of the spring meeting, waa
won by the Prince of Wales' Ambush IL
This race Is of 2500 sovereigns for five
year-olds and upward. | Sixteen horses ran
on the Grand National course— about 4
miles and 856 yards. A trophy, value 100
sovereigns, Is included in the value of the
race, or specie, at the winner's option. C.
A. Brown's Barsac was second and J. G.
Bulete'el's Manifesto ; finished third.
There was a large attendance of fash
ionable people at Aintree, Including the
Prince of 'Wales, who had not been pres
ent at the Grand National for five yeara
past. His horse. Ambush 11, was a hot
favorite. Barsac led for nearly two miles,
when Hidden Mystery drew to the front.
The latter fell at the first fence out of the
stretch, leaving Barsac leading. Pride
later took up the running, and when but
two fences from home Ambush II drew
out and won easily by four lengths. A
neck separated I the second and third
horses.
The success of the Prince of Wales'
horse was the signal for tremendous en
thusiasm. Hats were thrown into the air
and there was prolonged cheering. The
betting was 4 to 1. against Ambush 11, 25
to 1 against Barsac and 6 to 1 against
Manifesto. ¦ ' "
The Sef ton Park plate for two«year-oldB
was won- by J. Musko's bay filly, by Mil
ton out of Schoolbook. ridden by J. H.
Martin. James Joicey's bay filly, by Grand
Duke, out of Queen of the Mill, was sec
ond and Dolly Varden third. Four ran.
The betting was 3 to 1 on the Schoolbook
filly. . .
OXFORD'S VICTORY.
Cambridge Athletes Beaten in Inter
:.''.'¦',;.. University Field Games.
LONDON, - March 30.— The lnteruniver
sity field athletic games took place at the
Queen's Club this afternoon. There wa3
a large attendance. The weather was
fine, but chilly, and the track was In good
condition. The results were as follows:
100-yard dash— Thomas and Holllns, both of
Oxford, dead heat. Time, :10H.
Half-mile run— Graham of Cambridge. Time,
I:6S 3-5.
Hammer throwing— Greenshlelds of Oxford,
115 feet 2 inches. . .
Long Jump — Kelly of Oxford, 21 feet 8 Inches.
Hurdles — JPaget Tomllnson of Cambridge.
Time, :ia 1-5.
Mile run — Cockshott of Cambridge. Time,
4:!S 2-5.
Quarter-mile run— Hollins of Oxford. Time,
:50 3-5. j ,;;.*¦
Throwing weight — May of Oxford, 88 feet 8
Inches.
High Jump— Henderson of Oxford, 5 feet V&
Inches. •¦ . »•
Three-mile run— Workman of Cambridge.
Time. 15:01 2-5.
Oxford thus won the contest by the
score of 6 games to 4 for Cambridge,
m
Little Bock Race Winners.
LITTLE HOCK, Ark., March 30.—Re
sults:
Selling 1 , five furlongrn — Schllllngburn won,
AbUßive second, Castlne third. Time, 1:04.
Six furlongs. Belling— Eva Wilson wQn, Belle
of Erin second, •¦ Borden third. Time, 1:17.
Six furlongs — Her Favor won,- Tony Honing
second. Martin Duke third. Time, .1:14%.
Selling, five furlonps — Myrtle Van won, Gath
second. By George third. Time, 1:03.
One mile. Belling— W. B. Gates won. Lord
Neville second. Sir Blaze. third. Time, 1:45%.
.WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, &¦&*£
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
KIVEB COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal In tbs
toarket. o:nc« and Tarts— lSO Main etrttt,
MOUNT TAMALPfIia SCENIC KfULWAY
Leave San Francisco via . Sausalito Ferry.
Week Day 5.......... ....9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
5unday5... ....... .8:00, 10:00 a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
¦ '• Steam-heated, ' closed car ' on all trains. :
Fare— Saa Francisco to Summit and Return,
STATIONER AND PRINTER.:*
0 PARTRIDGE ao4<^r*
been extraordinary. ' It has completely braced
ma uv.'. I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
"Dear Sir:: Your method worked beautifully.
Results 'were exactly what I needed. Strength
and vtgror have completely ; returned and en-
largement Is entirely satisfactory."
."Dear Sir:-, Yours was received and I had no
trouble ; In , making ! use ; of : receipt, as .- directed,
and can truthfully; say It 1 1st a boon to: weak
men. I am -. greatly improved ' In size, strength
and visor.',' :' * • '¦ .
; All correspondence is strictly , confidential,
mailed la. plain, sealed envelope. -' The "receipt
Is free for the asking and ho wants every man
to «U VW ' VCm . . ' ¦ " ".
PAPER DEALERS.
UTT I iMFTTF PUI - P A?* o paper co..
n ILLA.TIi:i 1C 722 Montgomery »t.
COPPERSMITH. «M
JOfeEPH.FOX, Eupt. H. BLTTH. Mgr.
f.W CSHTH £hl P^ Plumbing; Steambost
V ¦ \T • O.'lllll, and Eblp Work a Specialty, ll
ana IS Washington tt. Telephone Main 1.641.
jumped headlong into the showcase of
the iruitstore of Forster & Co. and fell to
the sidewalk.
Mrs. F. A. Thornhill was passing the
market at the time with her two little
children, one of whom' was knocked down
by the crazed steed,. which finally kicked
itself loose from the 1 broken buggy and
started again on a wild run. For a short
distance the frightened animal galloped
along the crowded sidewalk and then to
the street, narrowly missing knocking
down several pedestrians.
Once on the street the horse zigzagged
among the passing teams and turned into
Kearny street, when at the corner of
Geary it knocked down two men and a
woman and then fell. Immediately the
animal was seized by Artie Coleman a
newsboy, who held it until it waa taken
charge, of by the police.
None of the last victims were seriously
hurt. Dr. A. B. Smith, who waa one of
them, claimed that a jarring was the ex
tent of his Injuries, and the other man,
who -refused to give his name, walked
away apparently, unhurt. The lady was
put In a coupe and sent ; home, and it la
thought that aside : from - being badly
frightened she was uninjured. Mrs.
Thornhlirs child had its face slightly cut.
Savage's injury consists of a scab) wound.
COAL. COKB AND PIQ IRON. ¦
T f HI! R f fl H* ***"«? Street.
.'• W- .TTILoUiI (I VU-, Telephone M*ln ISM.
A RUNAWAY accident In which five
people were injured, fortunately
none seriously, occurred yesterday
afternoon on the busiest part of
Market street at an hour when the
street was filled with pedestrians and
passing teams. The runaway caused
great excitement, and for a time it was
thought that several persons had been,
killed. Considering the crowded condition
of the thorough/are, it seems little short
of- miraculous that there were no fatal
results. .
M. J. Savage, a contractor, residing at
2506 Van Ness avenue, was driving out
Market street yesterday afternoon at
about 5 o'clock, when half way between
Kearny 6treet and Grant avenue a wheel
of the buggy in which he was driving
came off and he was thrown out. The
horse started up Market street on a mad
run, and after going a short distance was
turned in its course by. the efforts of a
man, who grabbed the excited animal by
the bridle, but was unable to retain -his
hold long enough to stop the runaway.
The horse then made a dash to the side
walk directly In front of ; the Spreckels
Market, and dragging the buggy behind
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running anil most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Train Leaves San Fr a ncisco:
. 5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND , Leaves San Franclsce at 5:30
EXPDFSS p. m. with Palace and Tourist
ft am v cars for Kansas CUj, St. liouta,
DAILY Chicago and East. .
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, II an ford, Visalia, Tulare nnin
and Bakersfield. KUAU
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 62S
•fpism SOON Market Street, Phone Main
•KI3IU aw >™ 1S31; Oakland, 1118 Broa-
dway; Sacramento, 2ol J Street; Sarf Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
Health Board Comes High.
The Board of Health has filed an esti
mate of the money necessary to conduct
the departments under its supervision,
and the recent agitation over Its extrava
gance has not deterred it in putting the
estimate at a higher figure than ever be
fore. The expenses of tho Health Office
proper for the next fiscal year are esti
mated at $65,100, emergency hospitals $32 -
460, Twenty-sixth-street Hospital $3660,
printing and stationery $3000, transporta
tion $4000, telephone $1500, incidentals $14 -
300; total, $126,020. The estimated cost of
a disinfection station Is $26,100, and the
expense of its administration is placed
at $16,410 per annum. • ¦¦ ¦;"- - ¦¦¦:„•>
To-day only, Marks Brothers are selling
boys' bicycle hose, sizes 5 to 10, extra
length, regular value 25c, sale price 15c.
1212-1214 Market street. •
RALIFOBNIfI I IMITED
Santa Fe Route
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
Send Name and Address To-day—You Can
Have It Free and Be Strong and
Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
COAST DIVISION (Ilroa.l Gauge).
(Third «nd Townaeiwl SU)
IN THE HANDBALL COURTS
The star match of the day at Phil.
Ryan's Handball Court to-morrow will
be between R. L»inehan and J. Collins on
one side and M. Kilgallon and J. Harlow
on the other. The remaining matches are
between:
W. H. Sieberst and M. Ktrby vs. A. Wlth
mann and O. Haywards.
G. Hodeers and M. McXell vs. P. MoKennon
and G. McDonald.
F. Johnson and T. Scares vs. E. White and
B_ Iteelia.
"W. Walsh and J. Mcßrearty vs. B. HcGlnty
and C. Lo^an.
M. McDonald and "W. Fisher vs. P. Ryan
and D. O' Brlen.
A. McVlcker and T. Leech vs. G. Smith' and
J. Condon. . ;•. - . ;~
F. Foley and E. Barry vs. J. Klrby and 11.
Batch.
H. Jtodgers and R. Ixmgbach vs. E. Murphy
and F. Connolly.
E3. Toy and E. Curley vs. R. Hausmann and
J. White.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GIVES SATISFACTION.
A Certain Cure for Piles.
The Pyramid Pile Cure is a success be-
cause it has the merit which brings suc-
cess. It cures every form of piles and
cures them to stay cured. It is now the
most popular and best known pile rem-
edy before the public, and one reason for
its great popularity is because it has
taken the place of surgical operations,
once considered the only sure cure.
People often wonder that so simple a
remedy will so promptly cure such an
obstinate trouble a» piles are well known
to be. Yet the greatest remedies and
greatest inventions we have are the sim-
plest, and the fact that it does cure is all
the sufferer from piles wants to know.
The Pyramid Pile Cure cures piles in
any rtage of the disease, as shown by the
following testimonial letters, which are
published every week and new cases re-
ported each time:
From Geo. C. Gelck, Owens Mill. Mo.:
"Some time ago I bought a package of
Pyramid Pile Cure for my wife, who had
suffered very much. The first trial did
her more good than anything she had
ever tried. It is just as represented."
From Richard Ivian, Whipple, Ohio: "I
have UFf-d the Pyramid and am entirely
pleased and eatisfio^l with results. It does
the work and no mistake."
Mr. W. R. Hines of Magnolia. ArJc.
rays: "Although I have used the Pyra-
mid Pile Cure only a very short time, yet
it has b<H>n very beneficial to m<»."
From Mrs. Peter L*ik©. Mohavrk, N. T.:
"I received the Pyramid Pile Cure, but
put off using it until last week, when I
became so bad I decided to try it. I have
FUffered twenty-nine years with bleeding
piles and have used a great deal of medi-
cine, but never had anything that did so
much for me as your remedy."
The proprietors of this remedy could
publish columns of similar letters to the
above if necessary, but these are enough
to show what It will do In different cases.
The Pyramid Pile Cure is proparr-d by
the Pyramid Drug Co. of Marshall. Mich!.
and for sale by druggists everywhere at
I." rents per package. One package Is suf-
ficient to cure any ordinary case. Your
druggist will tell you more about It.
EASY FOB STIFT.
Al "Weinig Knocked Out In a MinutS
and a Half.
CHICAGO, March SO.— Billy Stlft, the
Chicago middleweight, knocked out Al
Weinig, the Buffalo bicyclist pugilist, in
about a minute and a half to-night. Not
more than a half-dozen blows were struck,
Stlft flooring his man in the second ex
change of blows with a left swing to the
Jaw, again with a right and out with a
right to the chin. In the -preliminaries
Dick O'Connell of Buffalo won from the
veteran Billy Mahan of San Francisco in
the fourth round on a foul.
the best pointer, and H. E. Skinner offers a
Filver plate for the best puppy. The San Fran
cisco Kennel Club offers a club medal for the
best lightweight and the same for the best
heavyweight.
ETiellrh setters fare as well as their pointer
cousins. The Verona Kennels offers a silver
and cut glass vase for the best setter dose, and
Claybroufrh. Oolcher & Co. a silver and cut
EIaFS carafe for the best setter bitch. lor
Irish setters Henry J. Crocker offers a silver
cup for the best. In Gordon setters John But
ler offers a trorhy for the best. In the field
trial class the Pacific Coast Field Trials Club
off°rs a silver cup for the best setter or pointer
exhibited, and W. S. Tevls offers a silver cup
for the best pointer bitch in the regular pointer
class Irish water Efaniels have a club medal
for the best offered by the San Francisco Ken
nel Club, and a stiver medal each for the best
dor and bitch puppy. The field spaniels have a
trophy offered by J. C. Lansenderfer. the su
perintendent.
Cocker spaniel* are generously remembered.
W C. Ralston offers a. silver cup for the best
California bred cocker; the San Francisco Ken
nel Club offers a silver cup for the best kennel
of four and a silver cup for the best cocker
spaniel. The Redwood Cocker Kennels offer a
silver cup for the best cocker bred by them or
sired by one of their dofrs; donors do not com
pete. M. M. Tompkins offers a stein, for the
best black cocker, and the San Francisco Ken
nel Club offers a silver medal each for the best
doe and bitch puppy. Cocker spaniels other
than black receive from the Plumerla Kennels
a silver and cut gloss clpar Jar for the best
pair of red cockers, and the San Francisco
Kennel Club offers a silver medal each for the
best doe and bitch puppy.
Dalmatians receive a club medal for the best
and a silver cup for the best kennel.
For collies the Palace Hotel offers a silver
trophy for the best, and the Ban Francisco
Kennel Club offers a silver cup for the best of
opposite s«x. The California Collie Club offers
fcr competition by members only the following:
For the best dog and be»t bitch, a silver medal
each- for the best California bred doK and the
best California bred bitch, a bronze medal
6 For the poodles tho San Francisco Kennel
Club offers a club medal for the best.
Bull dog-s beinjr the emblem of the Ran
Franclspo Kennel Club, are liberally remem
bered. The San Francirco Kennel Cluff offers
a Fiiver cup for the best and a silver cup for
the best kennel four. J. H. Mulllns of Brook
lyn U. T., offers a silver cup for the best bull
dog In the novice cla*R, and Neustadter Bros.
offer the Boss of the Road trophy for the best
in the limit class.
Bull terriers— A. B. Spreckels offers th» presi
dents vase for the best bull terrier, and Byron
Erkenbrecher offers a silver cup for the best
liKhtw*»iirht bull terrier. The Pacific Bull Ter
rier Club offers the following: for competition
by members only: A stein each for the best
dof: puppy, bitch puppy, novice dog and novice
bitch; a iovinff cud for the best limit dog- and
bitch and for the best open dog and bitch; a
tankard for the dog winner and the bitch win
ner.
French bull dop* have the regulation silver
cup for the- best kennel.
Boston terriers— J. C. Lcmmcr offers a trophy
for the beet Boston terrier, and James Is. Flood
a silver cup for the best Boston terrier bitch.
Da<*hshund"s receive a club medal each for
the best doi? and bitch and a silver medal each
for the best dog puppy and bitch puppy.
Fox terriers, (smooth-coated— Hammersmith &
Field offer a Oliver vase for the be^t fox ter
rier. The California Jockey Club offers a BlI
v«>r cup for the best California bred fox torrler,
and the -San Francisco Kpnnel Club offers a
silver cup for the best California bred bitch.
The Pacific Fox Terrier Club offers the follow
ing for competition by members only: A sil
ver c'jd for the best dog In each of the four
classes, and the tame for the best bitch In fach
of the four classes. Fox terriers, wire-haired
DECISION FOR WALCOTT.
Barbadoes Black Proves to Be Too
Clever for Andy "Walsh.
NEW YORK, March 30.— Joe Walcott.
the Barbadoes negro welter-weight pugil
ist, defeated Andy Walsh of Brooklyn,
who is in the middle-weight class, in a
twenty-round bout at the Broadway Ath
letic Club to-night. Walsh, who had been
in training only six days, was substituted
in place of ."Mysterious Billy" Smith, who
was too ill to go on. Walcott weighed 142
pounds and Walsh 154. Walcott was fa
vorite at 2 to 1. Walsh was on his feet at
the end of the bout, but Walcott was
given the decision.
Young Walcott, Joe's brother, met Billy
Needham of St. Paul, Minn., in the pre-
Hminary bout of twelve rounds at 128
pounds. Both men fought hard and fast.
Referee Charley White decided on the
negro the winner.
and-tumble affair, tho men wrestling one
another air over the ring.- :. ; .' ;>v
The attendance was unusually small, a
mere handful of spectators dotting the
gallery and the main floor. , r .
San Francisco Club Bouts.
The San Francisco Athletic Club, which
has done bo much for the sport of box
ing with minor bouts, is again preparing
to cater to the followers of the game. An
amateur tournament will be held In the
clubrooms. Sixth street, next Thursday
night. All the contestants are new aspi
rants for honors such as the ring affords.
Out of half a hundred candidates Alex.
Greggains, the match-maker and referee,
has selected the following:
Tom Gilfeather vb. Jim Hamilton, 115 pounds;
Ed Flnnerty vs. Dick Riejfer, 118 pounds; Dave
Sheehan vs. Mike Joyce, 120 pounds; Luke Dean
vs. Georg-e Curran, 120 pounds: Charles Barnett
vs. Ed Barker, 125 pounds ; Jim WTilpple vs.
Tom O'Leary, 125 pounds; Younpr Neil vs. Jim
Ryan, 138 pounds; Steve Kennedy vb. George de
Courcey, 140 pounds; Pete Busch vs. Fred Par
ker, 140 pounds, six-round main event; Jack
Porter vs. Tom Herman, 12S pounds.
Charles Thurstbn. the husky welter
weight, wants to graduate from the minor
bouts, and has challenged, through Alex
Greggains, any welter-weight on the
coast. He is anxious to meet the winner
of the Ortega-McConnell fight.
WHAT CARTOONIST WARREN SAW TO INTEREST HIM AT THE RINGSIDE.
to withstand the punishment which Green
was capable of inflicting and that he did
not want a fatality in the ring.
The bout between Jack Kane and Jimmy
Lawlor was declared a draw by Referee
Jack Welch after twenty rounds of box
ing. The men were equally matched, Kane
displaying marked, improvement . over
the showing made by him in his last meet
ing with Lawlor. Lawlor's most effective
blow was a left overhand swing, which
generally scored on Kane's head. Lawlor
also scored frequently with a kidney
punch, which took some of the steam out
of his opponent. Kane had a lead in the
earlier rounds, but Lawlor overcame this
in the latter stages of the twenty-round
journey.
The work was all clean and clever, both
boxers taking advantage of every open
ing. Kane knocked Lawlor clean off his
feet in the third round and was himself
wrestled down in the sixth. The draw de
cision was a popular one.
The preliminary bout between "Kid"
Dobson and Mike Welsh served to put
the spectators in good humor. Neither
displayed any science, but both were busy
from start to finish. Welsh was game
and aggressive, and although he could
not hurt Dobson he made him want to
quit. Dobson went down in the eighth
round without being hit, and Referee J.
A. McGlnley gave the decision to Welsh
for this reason. The bout was a rough-
RATLROAD TRAVEL.
REFEREE WELCH STOPS
THE GREEN-BEAN FIGHT
THE ¦ SAN FB AN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 31, 1900.
a. BrJGJibbon's Dispcnsary,| x
I KEABST ST." Establlsneci .
3 U». ¦•** f °f the treatment ot Private i%
M Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or \
¦ <•{?? •*• "earing on bodyandmlndand
¦ -Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when •
¦ others mi Try him. Charges low. .'
¦ CBjr*^jrß«rj»si«»»d. CsJlorwrlta.
•iIBBOaT. Box I*o7. Saa VnacUaa
DOGS MAY TRY
FOR PRIZES OF
CUPS AND CASH
Valuable Premium List of
San Francisco Kennel
Club's Show. .
The Regards Ccnfonn to Those in
Vogue Among the Organiza
tions Promoting Bench
Shows in the East.
. «
The San Francisco Kennel Club hae Is
sued a premium list for its bench show
that promises the most liberal rewards
for possessors of dogs of all kinds. The
judge of the trick dosrs wl}l be the well
known trainer, John Bradshaw, and as
dogrs in this class need be neither regis
tered nor listed. $3 will cover all charges
incidental to entering and keeping them.
I-\>r dogs registered In the American Ken
nel Club stud book the same rate applies,
but for those not registered an annual
listing fee of 25 cents must be paid the
American Kennel Club before the dog Is
entitled to be shown. This fee is good
for the whole year. Xo pedigree Is nec
essary to show a dog.
A feature of the premium list Is the
great number of silver cups offered by
the club. The club offers a silver cup
for the best kennel of four In every
breed entered. Besides these the club of
fers In the majority of the most import
ant breeds and in a number of lesser ones
a silver cup for the best of the opposite
t-ex to the winner of the trophy for best.
The arrangement of the premium list has
been made to conform entirely to that in
vogue in the East.
The regular prizes are $5 first. $3 second
and a medal for third in the more Import
ant, lireeds and in the limit and open
classes. In the novice and puppy classes
the prizes are iz, 12 and a medal, re-
Bpectlvely.
Mastiffs are liberally treated. E. P. Dunn
at Santa. Barbara offers the Arlington trophy
for the best bitch in the novice class, and .the
San Francisco Kennel Club offers a ellver cup
for the beet doff la tie Fame class. The club
offers a silver tnedal each for the best puppy
d'.g n.r,a bitch, and the Pacific Mastiff Club of
fers a long string of specials. The prizes of
the latter club are for the competition of mem
bers only, and are as follows: The club's com
petition trophy, a silver cup. for the best mas
tiff, to be comr-eted for annually until won
three tlm** by tbe same member: the clubs
competition medal for the best mastiff of the
opposite sex to the winner of the trophy, to
be competed for annually until won three times
by the fine member: the club's class medal
for the best novice do<r and for the best novice
bitch; the club's class medal for the best
I'Uppy Cos and for the best puppy bitch.
fit. Bernards — Jorech L. Eppinger offers a,
silver cud for the best St. Bernard, and Leon
tv Greenebaum offers one for the best one bred
< n the Pacific Coast. The St. Bernard Club of
California offers the following for members
only: A silver cup for the best (Jog- and the
tame for the best bitch; the I>r. Cluness cup for
the best kennel of four or more; a irold medal
for the feooiid best k»nnel of four or more; the
Fhreve medal fcr the best pair; a silver medal !
for the beet dog puppy, also for the best bitch I
puppy. For rouuh-coat*-d St. Bernards — Gold j
medal for the lx'st dog In the op-en class: silver
inc-da! for the second best doc In the open class;
pold medal tat the best and silver medal for the
Ffccr-d b«st doc 'n the limit claps, g-old medal
JVr.th* best dojr In the- novice class; gold
m^dai each for the best bitch In the open.
limit pnd novicps classes, reflectively. St.
Bernards, smooth-coated— Gold medal for the
best tic-fr In the op»n class; gold medal for the
beat d c in the limit class; gold medal for the
li-^t bitch ie the open class.
Creat Panes— Dr. F. W. D'Evelyn offers a
silver cus fr«r the best Great Dane.
The Baltimore Kennel Club offers a medal for
the b"*t Newfoundland. Russian wolfhounds
and dt-erhounds receive a fllver cur> each for
the b*><=t kernel, as do also the greyhounds.
American foxhounds receive from W, S. Kittle
a lov'.ne cup for the bfft hounfl.
F. r Che ?appako Bay dopy th? San Francisco
K*>nnel <"lub <.fferr a club medal for the beet
Phrsspfslff Bay and a silver cup as an lnduce
ment to er.t^r a kennel.
Pointers are divilea by •weight. Vice Presl
<Vrt John K. d» Ru%-ter offers a Bil\-»T cup for
Beware of Little Expenses
' A small teak will sank a targe ship.
10,000,000 Wefcbach Lights, in nightly use
yield 600,000,000 candle power light.
J THE SAME LIGHT COSTS \
" '_ j^J^SSmssmmTS---^^™^'^^^^^^^!!^lZss»»sss»sss^is»™^^^J
A from this from this from tlris A
$129,000 per hoar $35,000 per hotrr 8259,000 per hour
# the expense of the Up burner
and }i the cost of the incandescent electric light
Sold Everywhere Price 50 cents
New York
DENTAL
PARLORS.
ALL WORK DONE ABSOLUTELY WITH-
OUT PAIN by our patent method, used
oy no other dentists In San Francisco.
NOPAINI--NOGAS!
NO COCAINE-NO ELECTRICITY
-Ili'ft'jUl'^lufltsssJssSlMP^^
Gold Crowns, $5; Full Set Teeth,
$5; BHdgework, $5; Gold Fill-
ings, $1 up; Silver Fillings, soc.
723 MARKET ST,
MAIN OFFICE
FOURTH AND MORRISON STREETS, PORT-
LAND. OR.
tSAYB — From Fibbcaby 23, 1900. — ARjirrs.
•7ioo a Benlds, Rnismi, Elmin. V*ca»lli^ -
9 EumseyanJ Hacramento *7>49r
•7:00 a Eh**ta Expre»»-I>aTU. WUlows.
Re.l Blufl. Portland T»lsr
•7«3»a Martlnex. San lUrnon. Vallejo. Napa,
Caliatcr* ami Ksnta Knea : ,*<lil3r
•StSOa The Orerlaod limited— Osden, Den-
ver. Omaha. Chicago *9il(I»
•»i34»a Sau Joae. Liretmore. Htoekton,
lone. . Saeranieuto. PlaetrriUe,
Marrvllle. I'hieo, Kett Bluff MilSv
•9i3Oa *Mllton, Oakdalc, bocora. Carters... "1:1.1?
•»:«O» HaywarJa, Niles aDd Way RtaUons. •! 1 : 13 a.
•»:O«a D»ri3. Woodland. Knights Landing.
Marji»Ula. OrotUle. •7il3f
•OiOO\ Atlantis I'.zpress— OgJen and East •U:-*3a.
•VsOOa. Martinets. Tracy. LatUrop. Stockton. *
Merced and I Tresno. # 12i13f
•Btoo* Port Coat*. Kreaao, MoJ»t» and Ixm
Aiißeltn •«x43r
• l«:Oi'» Vallt-J;.. Martinez and Way Stations *0:43r
•11:OOa Nik 3, I itermore, Stockton, Sacra*
m-nto, Mendota, llaoford. Vlaalia,
rcrter-rille MslSf
•I 2:OOm UaywuJs. Kil«s and Way Stations. *2 :•»¦"> r
? IsOOp B»crainento Ul?erSte»niers tHjOOp
•3:OOp Baywards, Kiles anil Waj Stations. *3t49»
•4:(M»r Martinet, halt Kmnoii, Vallejo,
Napa. CaiUtoß*. H*iiU Rom *9<l3a
•*iO«r Eeulcia. VacaTille, Bacram«nto,
Wovtllantl. Kiiij.hU Laodlne.
MarysTme, Orofiile «1«;43a
•4 iSOp^iles, San. lose ami Stockton *7<ir»
*3:OOpTUo Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresno.
liiktrsiiclil. bau?ti3 for Santa Bar- «*
bara. Lus Angles •1»:43*
o3:OOp EuEiet Lixitod-El Paso, Xew Or-
learsanl EaU «10>t3A
•3:3«r StocktOD. iletccil. Frc»»M> 'lajlS*
•s:."tOf I'lrjiio, ltakenneii). Manta llnil>ara,
I* » Angles. Doming. V.I Yiao.
Nrw<»rle-»n9aii.l K-ut *9i43a
•3tSOrH«uta Vn Konto— Atlanllo Eipreaa
for Mojai* «i..l Vml 'StlSp
•0:OOp navrrard.l, Nile i an.l Kan Jose *7t-l»A
iOtdur V»i!eJ« »ia«l3».
•i>i3ol- Oriental . Jlall— Ogden, Cheyenne,
Omaha, Cti!c«;a '»:¦«»
*9iZOr Oriental >!al!— Ogden, DenTer,
Omana, Chioa«a «4<l3r
t?:«Op ValUJfl, I'-rt Costa anU Way rtta-
t:ou«. j»»a3s>
•BiO3p Or«t:oii and Callf»rnU Kxprfm.Nao-
lamciito. Murisrillp. K(Mi<lii)(r,
rortlttiHt. PHgrt S..HM.I a.»l Fa«t »<il»4
visit DR. JORDAN'S ea»T
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
£fe 1051 KASZST ST. Ist. 6^4 7ti, ZJ.Z'X
Cjf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
•^«Jfe»^ World. Weiknc-JM cr any contracted
SmS s3S disease pe«ltl«rl 7 cmred hy the oldiit
if 63 Q I special iit en taeCcait EiL36>sars
iT$Z.k DRm JORSAI »-PRIYA7E DISEASES
¥ vrtyrft S Consultation free and sfricrly private
I ''*«: H Tr ' irmtr " p'" on:ll! y *>«• ty letttr. A
I wn| fon.tna CVrain every case undertaken.
if lift Write for Bwk.PniLOSUPRVtt
11 II BIARIIIACE, MAILED VSES. {A 1A 1
Q H • valuable book for orn)
Oil JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market 8t.',8. F. '
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Me/v onrtr-co/vsi/iTflno« free.
PRIVATE BOOK, DIAGNOSIS SHEETS,
etc., free, office or mall. Home cures. Ad-
vice free. . .
731 Market St., S. p.
HOURS— DaIIy. 9 to 5: Evenings, 7 to 8: Sun-
days, » to 11. Elevator entrance.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
'rtnSlll FRISCI3CO— root of Marktt Strt«t (31i» 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ll:00«.M. iI:C3 *2:00 t3:C9
•IKJ3 15:03 *C:C3r.>l.
rromOilUHD— f«.l of BrMiw.j.— *«:Co 8:00 10:00».H.
¦ 112:00 *I:C3 12:00 *3:CH li:C3 *3:30f.M.
A CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH
PEHNYRpyAL PILLS
¦ »-S^.o __ Orla-inal aad Only Ceaalae.
AnJ^SSk tor CHICHESTEK'S KNGLSH
|V Vi*-dpvfV 1» KEU aa4 G»ld mrtaUio boxn. mini
g\ Z^vfi « lth blne ribb »«- T«ke'»o other. HthM
I*l *£fe *HJ I»Bijfßrwn» bab.tltoUon* ud latUf
111 , f/T tloae. Bbj of yoor Draggist. or send 4«. la
I *• ' «ff '""XV.*?. PsrUeiUars, Teattatealals
VC, fp and "Relief tmr I^Htm," im Uttm; *y re>
-\^_2-fr tnr»MalU 1 0.000 TwUmontmli. HsM by
„ > '•" Dnigflw. Chleheater t he tnlc.l Co-
KmOoa t^U p.pcr. Madl.oa Mquare, PIIILA.. Fa!
t«»jlOA Ocean View, .South Man Francisco.. Js*ssf
•7:O«» flan Jose ami War Stations (New
Almaden Wmlnemlajs only) *liS«*>
•»,00, Man J»m. Trm I'lnoa. Hanta Criu,
racllio Uroro. l'aso llnbles. Ban
liiii* Oi)!»pi>, Siirf. Lompoo aud
rriuelpal Way Stntlons *4il«si
•Ii»:«o» SaiiJo«aan<i Way Ntatlons *6iB9a
•lI>UUa San Jose ami Way Stations »3iao*
t*]4sr Bau Mat-o. Kedwood, Meclo Park,
I'a.lo Alto. Ban ta Clan, Sau Jcao.
Tres Pinos. BaitU Crux. Salinas.
Monterey ami raclflo Grors f 1«: M*
?3:SOp San Jose and Way Sutlons *7t3<»p
f<:l3r SanJoaaaml Principal Way Sutton* *»:43t
tSiUOp San Joso and Principal Way Stations tO:«<>&
*5:30p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations *^:3'>a
•«::iOp San Jose auit Way Stations fH:OO«,
611i45p San Joae ami Way Stations *7:aOr
A for Morning P (or Afternoon.
* Dally. f Sunday exeepted. I Sunday only.
b Saturday on!j.
_m TmiTlll Iml Fi liTiiji c Thursdays and Soadaym.
CALffOINIA rTOfiTHWESTEEf EY. C*
111 FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFH
RAILWAY COMPANY.
- Ttkuren r~«rry. Foot •' Mori(«t Sfc
BAIT FRANCISCO TO SAI* RAFAKI*
"WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 11:3s,
1:10, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:si
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS-8:(XX. »:30. tl:» a. m.| I:3* 1:30,
1:00. «:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN IFRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60. »:20. 11:10 a. m.': 12:4 V
>:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trls* ai
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAY9-«:10. S:4O. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 1:40. I:«L
6:25 p. m. ,>. - v -
Between San Francisco and Scauetaea Park
same schedule as above.
Read the story in next Sun-
day's Call of . the San Fran-
cisco woman who, though per-
fectly sane at present, realizes
that she is doomed to certain
madness.
Leare Arrive
Ban Franciscoi. In Effect Baa Franclscat'
1 October 15. *
Week Sun- 1999. Sun- Week •
Days. days. Destination, days. Days.
T:3oam »:00 am Novatot l»:40am 8:40 aia
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 uq
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roea. T:35 pm 8:23 pea
T | Fulton. " -^
f :JS am Windsor. 10:25 aa*
Healdsburs;.
Lytton.
_Q?yßervllle,
1:30 pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:23 pa*
7:30 ami IHopland and I T ~~\
I 1:00 am| Uklan. | 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
rSOam • »:25 ana
8:00 am Guernerlllai T;35 pm
1:30 cm I 6:23 pra
7:30 am S:ooam Sonoma *:1S ami S:4O an>
and
t:l9 pm 5. A) pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm| 6:23 pra
T:3oaml t:00am: SebastopoL 110:40 am 10:25 ans
S:3O pra| 5:00 pm| [ 7:35 pm| 6:23 pn»
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry-
>-C:_... Commencing October 1. 189».
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILA. VALJJCTt
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:OO, *9:30. 11:00 a. nxs *l:«fc
•8:40. 6:15. 6:00. 8:30 cm.
EXTRA TRrPS— For Mill ValUy and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdajra,
at ft:00 and 11:20 d. m.
SUNDAYS— •S:^. 'lO:!*, ni:S9 a. m.; «lUi
5:15,*4:46, B:3 °- 9:00 P- m -
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO< SAN FRANCISCO.
•WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. ««:85, 7:«. •9:40 a. nvi
•12:20. 1:15. •3:40, »5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS' on Monday*. Wednesdays axUI
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. »8:00. »10:09, »U:45 : a. m.l
•1:40. •3:15. 4:45, •«:») D. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quent'n.
FROM MILL VALLBT TO SAN FRANCISCO*
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S.' 6:48, 7:65. »:tt a. m.l
11:38, 2:35, 3:«. 6:SO p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays ao4
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m. .
• SUNDAYS— B:O6. 10:06 a, BUS 11:08. 1:13, $M.
|:00. 6:45 p. m. «
-'-¦'¦: THROUGH TRAINS,
f :00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way station*.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and war stations.
4
AD v ¦EotTIKKM F'NTS.trllll UIUUo ffixzz^p^yixi^z
. Bit] ooi to Mrtotara. tion. , irritation or ulcer*.
ff» fl?r«T»nu omoijion. tion <¦¦* m neons mem.
I will contract to fur- g^VyH£Ev»<3 CHEK'ru Co. branea. •Noo-aatrin^.-nt.
nlfh, for 2or 5 years. Vflgl. "'"" '""" " 881 S " ld &T *>r»**Ut«.
any and all clubi, Live IM, V. ".. a. "3B I* sent ln " Uln wjPrer.
Piseons, at a readable X oVa'botSS^ia ;L
urlca cer allot. v V ¦ UTOUi*t MIX U* SNSC*
America, but has never performed as
well a-3 they have, possibly through lack
of opportunity. He nas also been mated
with T. Murnane's Valley Maid.
T. Kerrigan's great dog, «t. Lawrence,
was bred to the same owner's L<lghtfoot
on the 14th. He has also been mated
with Mr. Bllclfs Fodora and with W. J.
Browning's Mountain Belle.
Gus Abercrombie's Miss Rabbit was
mated on the 10th with Pasha Kennels'
Kmin Pasha. Kmin has also been bred to
James Dean's great performer, Nellie
Conrny.
Michael Allan's St. Clalr has been mated
with the same owner's Gllla Ma Chree.
St. Clalr was also bred to Russell & Wil
son's Glen Rosa on the 6th instant.
D. E. Wiley has an Alameda-Mlnnle B.
rapllng of which he expects a great deal.
The dog will receive his first trial in a
midweek stake, as he will be out of the
Fapling class before the next stake of
that kind is run.
T. A. Gaffney*B imported False Flatterer
was bred to J. Horklns' Mona on the tith
instant.
Pasha Krnnels' Firm Friend has heen
bred to R. PringJo's Gladys Pasha.
Afr.eld Kennels' Pretender has been
bred to J. Maher's Benicia Maid, the dam
cf Bad Boy, Uncle Fuller. Nellie Bawn
and other fast -greyhounds.
R. K. de B. Lopez's Crawford Lad has
been bred to the same owner's Daisy
Crest, and also to Minneapolis.
J. P. Thrift's Grasshopper has whelped
a. littor of six to Crawford Lad.
H. H. Groy has purchased Bannockburn
from R. Pringle.
Dan Rlordan has a Waratah-Wa?te of
Time puppy which Is a promising one. He
has not bfen started.
Julius Horn's litter of For Freedom-
Bona puppies are blp strong youngsters.
They are Riving the lirst signs of distem
per. There are only three of the Firm
Friend-Bona litter alive. They are the
property of J. H. Rosseter.
Mr. Chambill's Rocklin Belle has whelp
ed a litter of peven puppies to E. M. Kcl
logg's Kid McCoy.
D. Chella's Golden Russet has whelped
a litter of five to J. H. Rosseter's For
Freedom. ¦ . . ¦
J. Dean's Belle of Anderson has whelp
ed a litter of live puppies to the same
owner's Connemara.
Maid of Honor has whelped to St. Clalr
a litter of five. This is the same breed-
Ing as Chicago Boy. "¦:¦;>-
±-h.^^ . • +¦
O The Berkeley college boys O
q and co-eds intend to show San
+ Franciscans what they can do 9
° • in' a theatrical way. The best O
O pictures from their play will q
X be presented in next Sunday's ±
X Call. $
O O
GET THE GENUINE.
NATURAL APERIENT, WATER.
For Disordered Stomach
For Constipation and Biliousness
ITS SUPERIORITY. IS UNQUESTIONED.' .
Prescribed by the Medical Profession for 25 years.
ISsmyfldi Janos - isa m^ m n^mm
Pigeon Shooting.
D. ROBERTS,
Wholesale and Retail
Dealer .ln Live and
Dreesed Poultry .and
Game.
504 Front St.
I OVER 6,000,000 BOXES SOLD YEARLY*
» IQflvVll fll j^^ j^^ m^a ifVfe rilvJrt Zfl fll x I Jat
5 There tea reason for everything, and the reason for the popularity of Beecham's pirn
= Is. that they fill oil the requirement* of a general antidote for ALL BILIOUS AND
s NFOVOUS DISORDERS in a more satisfactory manner than any proprietary medicine
= ever placed before Tthci public Beecham's Pills ore brought before your notice, and.
5 S^K require them or not-if not today, yoa may tomorrow-when the necessity
= arises i you should, in your own interest, take them. The reason for .theii aeed is often
= b^kno^n to youreelf, but be that as it may. yoa will show good judgxent by taking
s them in reasonable doees, and doing so teas simple as ABC.
S The enormous sale of Beecham's Pills has been achieved without the publication
5 of testimonials, the fact befog that Beecham's Fills recommend themselves.
5 sold everywhere, in boxes, jo cents and 33 cents each.
••••••UllllIllllllHMIIUHIIIIIIIIIIllMnlllIUUIIlUUIIMIIIllHI>HIHI»H'm"SSIHHinii:itHiniIIIIHMIllUUIIIIl
SWIMMERS AT SUTRO'S.
The swimmers and divers entered for
the competition at Sutro Baths to-morrow
are as follows:'
Fifty-yard dash. Juveniles— G. Rudonlek, E.
Kipp, P. Sunberg, W. Webber, G. Chllds, G.
Clough, R. Riding-, W. Wollbeck. O. Owens, C.
Shilling, H. Lficken, W. Hanton, O. Lowenthal,
E. Mlntner. 100-yard race, amateurs— T.
Thomas, W. Wallace, J. Laird, C. Carlton, E.
Josephs, E. Bell. U. ..Hay wards. H. Ahlbaoh.
W. HarrlnK, S. Wilson, W. Smith. C. Lundin.
H. Seebach, R. Dahl, K. O'Brien. Tub race, 100
yards, three prizes— TC. Wolls, J. Wandell, P.
hodjln, J. O'Brien, G. Kelber. M. Rudonock, W.
McCormlck. E. Carroll, 1... Doud, E. Lleboldt,
F. Rellly, A. Baudaln. Trick and fancy spring
board dlvlnK— A. Harrison. J. Wandell, L. Bo
dle. R. Cordell. J. CathcartJ E. Kipp, O. Mls
ner, R. Riding.
OVERTURE IS
TO MAKE HIS
DEBUT HERE
The English Greyhound Starts
To-Morrow at Ingleside
Coursing Park.
C. Horrigan's Imported greyhound.
Overture, will make his first appearance
on an American coursing field to-mor
row at laslesUa Park. An injury to one
of his feet sustained soon after he ar
rived here gave him a setback which
prevented his appearance before this
time. He is riot considered by any means
up to cnampionship foim, but the oppor
tunity presenting itself, he was entered
in the champion FtaUe to be decided to
morrow. The other entries are: Bohe,
Young America, Kid McCoy, • Golden
Rule. Whitehtad, Tea Rose, Theron,
.Sjjitt-ful, Mamie Pleasant, St. Aran, Pe
j>ita. Master Ciair, Flora McDonald, Cbn
2ic-m'ara ar.d St. Helen. In addition to this
there Will be an open stake of seventy
two entrl<-s. The champion stake will be
run «-ntircly to-morrow afternoon.
A ninety-six dog, open gtake, will pro
vide coursing of the highest class at Un
ion Park to-day and to-morrow. Cours
ing will commence caxh day upon the ar
rival of the 11 o'clock train. The entries
include: iiona Fide. St. Anthony, .alaud
JS Ttrronet'e Thornhlll, Cavalier, Craw
ford Lad. Palo Alto. O X Capitol, Wild
Tralee Warship. Erin. Crawford Braes.
Am« rka Hock Island King. Ireland, Bad
Boy. .Narcissus. Royal Anne. Maggie N,
Mar's M.lody, Hot Haste. Auckland and
Sleety Mitt. *
Th<- Fan Jose Coursing Club has applied
for mtmtn-rtfhip on the California cours
ing Committee. The club starts with a
munix T!-ln[( of thin.y-f.our. including J. B.
Harris. J. p. Wchmeyi-r, S. E. Portal. C.
L. Applttn , William McComb and Charles
Bonner.
"Billy" MrGibbon haa sold Bart's Belle
to H. A. Ix-rkelman. She is in whelp to
the imp'irt<-<l dog Hughie, brother of For
Freedom. MrGibbon has a grand-looking
black and white 11 months' old puppy by
Hughie which is most promising. J. P.
Thrift had one of the same litter rounding
into form when he broke one of his front
legs while playing. The injury will Boon
be thoroughly healed.
M. Moogans Fawn was mated with E.
& R. Scott's Lord Byron on the 14th in
stant. This i« tho first time Lord Byron
has been bred.
T. 11. TlnF^pie-r'9 Sylvia wag bred to T.
Peggfrson's Gold Hill on- the -12th.- Gold
Hill Is a brother of -Luxor a.nd Youne
DRAG-HUNTING
SEASON WILL
SOON BE OVER
Lack of Rain Makes Very
Hard Going In San
Mateo.
On Monday last a live fox was released
in the Sharon field, and. after some start
had been allowed him. Huntsman Jerry
Keating laid the pack of San Mateo
County Hunt on, the riders who followed
the hounds being F. J. Carolan. M. F. H..
J. J. Moore. E. D. Beylard. George Par
sons and Peter Martin. The scent was
quickly picked up and at the Brewer
ranch the hounds were so close upon the
trail that the fox took refuse in a tree.
The pack was whipped off. and a few
minutes' start given the fox. He ran
for the foothills through country af
fording some stiff fences. After eluding
capture for four miles, he reached the
Spring Valley reservoir and there was
killed After fifteen minutes the hounds
were laid on a drag and a hard run
through the Howard property ensued,
the finish being at the back of G«orse
Howard's house. On Wednesday there
was a meet at Laurel Creek at 1:30 p. m..
but as usual on that day, the field was
small. To-day the meet Is at the Cross
Ways at Burlingame at 3p. m. It is pos
sible this may be the last regular hunt
of the season, owing to the little rain
that has fallen for several weeks, the
ground having become s»o hard that a
long run is trying on the horses. Then,
too F. J. Carolan, the master of the
hunt leaves this cltv for the East to
night. There will probably be a few runs
after live foxes, the park being in charge
of Jerry Keating.
WHIPPING A STREAM TO LURE THE KING OF GAME FISH FROM HIS HAUNTS.
"The scene depicted In the illustration will be reproduced
thousands of times to-morrow upon the streams of this
coast. The rportsmen who enjoy the gentle pastime of
angling have been looking over their delicate rods end
dainty Hies for weeks past in anticipation of the day when
it will be legal to angle for trout>--Aecordlng to men well
versed in the sport all Indications point.to a splendid sea
son. The various streams have been unusually well pro
tected and llsh are reported plentiful In all the streams
to which the local anglers have access. '¦¦¦»'
NATIVE RIDERS
IN DEMAND ON
THE OTHER SIDE
This Season's Supply About
Exhausted— Piggott Thinks
Well of Advance Guard.
READY FOR A
SEASON ON THE
BALL FIELD
Oakland and San Francisco
Teams Will Open the Sea
son To-Morrow.
GOLF CONTESTS
FOR STANFORD
AND BERKELEY
Clubs of Northern California
to Unite in Forming an
Association.
California has earned an enviable repu
tation In the turf world for turning out
jockeys. Spencer, Jenkins. "Skoeta"
Martin and Bullman, a quartet of riders
hard to beat, all learned the rudimentary
elements of the art in this State, and now
when Eastern owners are in search of a
competent pilot their attention is directed
out this way. .The present season's finds
were Milt. Honry and Tod Walsh. The
former could bo termed self-made, for his
experience was gained riding any old sort
of a horse, for as many different owners.
His rise has been both rapid and remark
able. Tod Walsh's tuition was developed
under the eagle eye of "Butch" Fisher,
a painstaking and careful trainer. The
skill of the two lads mentioned did not
escape attention, for Henry was signed
by Barney Schreibnr and Walsh by the
New York turfman. L. V. Bell. When
President "Tom" Williams of the Califor
nia Jockey Club returned from the East
on Wednesday he said he had been asked
by "Jack" Follansbee to sign a promising
lightweight if one were available. The
stock is pretty low at present, though
the old-timer, Eddie Ross, has been doing
excellent work in the, saddle, and Ivy
Powell, too. with an opportunity, mlgh{
make a name for himself.
There Is a well-defined rumor going the
rounds that politician Ed Lanigan and
his trainer, Denny Lynch, have split. The
breach, it is said, was caused by the race
won at Tanforan by Hard Knot. Tho lat
ter horse was not supposed to be ready';
and Lanigan and his friends bet heavily
on Arbaces. Hard Knot, with Piggott
up, went out and won all the way, while
Stemler's big horse finlshpd a bad third.
Naming horses after clergymen may be
all right, but in reality it seems very bad
form. As a rule, the church and gamb
ling enterprises travel in different
grooves.
Alex. Shields and his son Willie are cer
tainly great conditioners of horses. Their
racing material sport the colors year in
and year out, in all sorts of weather and
all parts of the country, and, like old
wine, apparently Improve with age. Old
Logan never seemed to require a rest,
ana when finally retired, after his name
had been encased In over one hundred
brackets, looked liko a two-year-old.
Now Topmast and Advance Guard bid
fair to follow in his footsteps. The latter
colt, after his easy victory for the Pacific-
Union handicap on Thursday, when he
handled a bundle of weight, looms up a3
a promising Chicago Derby candidate.
Joe Plggott, who rode the three-year-old
In that race, thinks him a wonder, saying
he runs like a big green two-year-old,
almost developing a tendency to loaf and
play on the route.
Ed Corrlgan said some weeks ago In
an interview that he had no races put on
the card for his horses. Still it must be
admitted that his stake was singularly
successful at Tanforan Park. Up to date
his horses have won $22,2."j0. far overshad
owing any other stable. The big turfman
was not so fortunate in backing horses
owned by other stables, however, and ru
mor has It that he is not greatly pleased
with California's present racing season.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
It is probable that the third tournament
for the Council's cup for lades of the San
Francisco Golf Club will not be played
until the fall. Miss Alice Hoffman has al
ready won two tournaments, and If she
should win a third the cup would become
her permanent property. If a third tour
nament were held at an early date the
cup would be a gift to Miss Hoffman, as
it is not likely that any of her competitors
would Improve in their play sufficiently
to beat her, or that Miss Hoffman's game
would grow weak enough for her to lose.
Six months hence, however, some change
will have taken placo in the relative
strength of the contestants, and the com
petition will involve a larger element of
uncertainty and therefore of Interest than
at present. During the summer Aus»
i tollman will piay at the Ban Kaiuel linns.
ana other ladies of the ban iVraiiciaco tioif
Club will practice at Del Monte, Bur
hrigame ana elsewhere.
h.. K. 1' oiger ana C. P. Hubbard of the
OaKland Uuif Clud naving tied in tne
final round over thirty-six holes of tne
competition tor the championsnip of the
ban i?rancisco and Oakland Golf clubs, a
deciding game over eignteen holes was
played last Sunday on me Adams Point
course. At the end of the nrst round
Hubbard led at the fifteenth hole one up.
The sixteenth hole was nalved. i<olger
took the seventeenth and made the score
all even. At the eignteenth nole Hubbard
tailed to make a put of four feet, wnile
Folger holed the bull from a distance or:
ten feet, winning the play-off of the tie
one up and the cnampion&nip of the Oak
land and San Franci&co Golf clubs. It is
a pity that John Lawson, S. L. Abbott Jr.,
H. IS. Goodwin and other strong players
of the San Francisco Golf Club aid not
enter the contest, all the competitors in
which were Oaklanaers. ¦ At the first com
petition held at the Presidio K. Conde
Jones of Los Angeles and N. W. Howard
of banta Catallnu entered the qualifying
rounus, and several San Francisco goifers
qualined, but the contest is far from being
a Pacific Coast criampionsnip event as
yet. Svhat is wanted is an association of
the golf clubs of Central and Northern
California similar to tne Southern Califor
nia Association, in wnich seven clubs are
associate members, and three are allied
members. 'i fie associate memoers are
the Country clubs of Los Angeles and
Pasadena, the Riverside Polo and Golt
Club and the Redlands, Santa Monica,
Pacha ppa and Hubldoux Golf clubs. The
allied members are the Coronado, Santa,
Catalina and Hemet Golf clubs. Tne pres
ident is C. K. Maud, who comes nearer be
ing a champion of all California than any
one else, he having won the open tourna
ment held last August at Del Monte. The
secretary Is J. F. Sartori of the Los An
geles Country Club. The *golf clubs of
Oregon, Washington and British Columbia
are already united in the Pacific North
west Golf Association, which held its first
annual championship meeting on the links
of the Tacoma Golf Club in April, I&P9,
and will hold Its second meeting on the
Waverley links at Portland at the end of
April. The association Includes the Spo
kane Country Club and the Waverley,
Seattle. Victoria and Tacoma Golf clubs.
The second double-barreled tournament
between teams of the San Francisco ana
Oakland Golf clubs Is the next local event
of Importance. The San Francisco repre
sentatives will be chosen from the follow
ing: John Lawson, H. B. Goodwin, R. H.
Gaylord, S. L. Abbot Jr., 11. D. Pillsbury,
J. W. Byrne, Charles Page, A. B. Wil
liamson and L. O. Kellogg. The Oakland
eight will be chosen from the following:
E. R. Folger, C. P. Hubbard, W. P. John
son, G. D. Greenwood. R. M. Fitzgerald,
J. C.McKee. H. E. Knowles, P. G. Gow,
F. S. Stratton, P. E. Bowles and T. R.
Hutchlnscn.
? The principal players at the University
of : California and . the Machrihanish Golt
Club at Stanford University are trying
to arrange to hold annual' intercollegiate
golf contests. A representative from the
University of California is expected to ar
rive shortly at Palo Alto, when the mat
ter will be discussed.
TRAP-SHOOTING.
The features at the San Francisco Trap
Shooting f Association grounds, Inglcslde,
to-morrow ; Include live-bird shooting by
the members of the California Wing
Shooting Club - and bluerock shooting by
the. Union' Gun Club men. .' •
• -.The -first big, open shoot of the season
on the Ingleside grounds will be held un
der- the patronage of Lincoln Gun . Club
oh April 15. There will be nine matches
in all, thus providing sport for all classes
nf shooters ,
The California Baseball League will be
gin its third season to-morrow, since the
resurrection of the game after It had re
ceived a staggering blow through Jobbery.
So far this new league has been success
ful both financially and in the kind of ball
exhibited to the patrons.
The fact that the league Is composed of
but four clubs should not detract from In
terest In the game. The teams are com
posed of seasoned players and good base
ball should be the order from the start.
Some of the clubs have players on their
list who are a bit too seasoned— ln fact
stale beyond redemption— but the man
agers promise to drop them if they are
not up to the standard.
Oakland begins the schedule with ap
parently the best team In the field. It is
practically the same aggregation that
Ewing had when he made such a splen
did showing in the final series last Octo
ber and November. As a fielding team it
stands out as the best of the four. San
Francisco is represented by ' some new
and many old men. Schwartz, the
catcher, has yet to prove himself; also
Spencer at shortstop. "Rube" Levy is
known to all, but what his value Is at
this late day is another question which
events must prove. The two new pitch
ers are Bevllle, Oakland, and Saulsbury,
Sacramento, both of whom will step upon
the diamond with fair reputations, which
will cither be enhanced or shattered as
the stick swingers fail or succeed In con
necting with their curves.
The games to-morrow will be played at
Recreation Park grounds and at Sacra
mento. There will be a presentation of
the pennant to Sacramento Just before the
umpire calls "game" when Stockton and
the Senators line up. A special train will
bo run from Stockton to Sacramento Sun
day morning.. The game in this city is
sure to draw a large crowd. The teams
will play in the following positions:
San Francisco. Position. Oakland.
Schwartz Catcher Hammond
Kltzpatrlck.. Pitcher Steffanl
McCarthy First base. . . .Hutchinson
Kelily Second base Frnncks
Brockhoff Third base .Ijange
Peoples Shortstop Schmeer
Levy * l>"f t field Mosklinan
KruK Center field Dunleavy
Hlldebrand HlKht field Ilardle
FISHERMEN ARE READY
FOR GAMEST OF TROUT
Hundreds of Anglers Will Line the Banks o
Coast Streams To-Morrow, the Opening
Day of the Season.
THE' eagerly looked forward to open
ing of the season In which trout may
be legally taken from the public
streams of the State has arrived. The
law's restraining hand will be removed
to-morrow, and he who will may catch
with hook and line such trout as his skill
may entice from their hiding, places In
quiet pools. The opening day falling upon
Sunday affords all anglers an equal op
portunity of getting out on the first day of
the season. It is believed there has been
less poaching than u«ual, and aa the sea
son is well advanced there should be good
sport from the start. April fishing is never
what the angler's closed season dreams
have made it, yet when the opening day
arrives every enthusiast wends his way
to the stream of his choice, full of the
longing that has come from the five
months of restraint.
The past season has been a favorable
one for the coast trout streams, and good
catches may be expected on the opening
of the season in the principal streams of
Marin, Sonoma, . Mendocino and Santa
Cruz counties, provided the streams are
clear. The tlsh may be small, but they
should be numerous. The Lagunitas and
Paper Mill creeks and their tributaries In
Marin County will probably attract the
greatest number of nshermen because of
their accessibility. On N the opening day
of past seasons as high as two hundred
rods have been counted on theae two
streams, the majority of the fishermen
using shrimp, angle -worms and roe as
bait. Fishermen who visit the Mann
County streams this year should remem
ber that there is one ordinance in that
county which prohibits the catching or
possession of any trout under live inches
in length. The Marin County Fish ana
Game Protective Association haa been ac
tive during the winter in enforcing the
laws, and during the fishing months will
maintain a close watch for violations ot
this ordinance.
'ihe lishermen who journey into Sonoma
and Mendocino counties will find the
streams carrying mere water>than in past
years. luports from that section are all
lavorablf. lh«i streams were well stocked
iruia me haionery at t'kian. The heavy
laino "of me pasc winter Drought up a
goGtiiy numoer or large and small steel
i.iu.o fimn Hie sea. i-.iti.lt: ana Big &m
pnur, \vuini bijru.gd Creek ana fall Creek
ale taid 10 be in oetter snape for fishing
tnan they have been tor tne past two sea
sons. Kussian Kiver ironi UKian to
rieaidsburg snouiu produce some large
lisn. 'i n«s siretcn of this river above
iiopland is or unusual beauty, full of Dig
puuis .inn rapids, and an iueal piece of
water for the fiy-iisnerman,
Lnder a local ordinance" in San Mateo
County its strtams are closed until May
1. '1 he law aoes not go into effect until
Wednesday, so persons may fish Sunday.
Moncay and Tuesday. Authorities on
rtsninir" afllrm that nothing is gained by
the passage of this ordinance. These
streams aie stocked from the sea. and as
all the tisli have spawned by April 1 the
closing of the season is of little benefit.
As none of the adjoining counties have
such a law, confusion Is sure to result.
The Santa Cruz County streams have
plenty of water this year, and the pros
pects for good fishing near Boulder Creek
and Felton. on the San Lorenzo and its
many tributaries, are excellent. The Los
Gatos, in Santa Clara County, San Jose's
favorite trout stream, is reported in good
condition, as is the .Laagus. The close sea
son here haa been well observed, owing to
the Santa Clara Protective Association,
which has maintained a patrol of this and
all the other trout streams of the county.
While the coast streams will receive full
consideration from the fishermen, the in
terest of the best known anglers natural
ly turns toward the big streams of the
Sierras, such a* the Truckee, American,
Yuba, Sacramento, McCloud and Kla
math. While none of these streams are
considered favorable April waters, they
furnish the real sport of the season for the
fly fishermen of the State. Of these bfg
streams the Klamath is the earliest. This
stream is usually fished near Klamath
Hot Springs. The rainbow of the Kla
math average larger in size than in any
other stream in the State, but it is said
of them that they are not as game nor
of as fine a flavor as those found in the
Sacramento and McCloud rivers. •.
Provided the April rains are not too
heavy, the Sacramento and McCloud
should be in good condition early this
year. Already the experts of the San
Francisco Fly Castlrfg Club are planning
a trip to the McCloud near the Govern
ment hatchery at Balrd, as the fishing
there Is much earlier than at the points
some forty miles above, where so many
sportsmen have large preserves.
The anglers who frequent the McCloud —
and they embrace every well-known fly
fisherman in the State — are not a little
concerned over the stories which come
from Reno to the effect that there is to
be a large electric-power plant established
on the river a few miles above the Gov
ernment hatchery at Balrd. It Is said
that the power company Intends by means
of a large dam to divert all the waters of
the river into a ditch and carry It thence
to the generators miles below. If this be
true. It will destroy several miles of the
best fishing waters of this most famous
fishing stream, as well as prevent the
salmon and big trout from ascending the
river. The Sacramento-River from Shasta
Soda Springs to Delta covers many miles
of fine water to the expert. This stream.
like the Truckee and Tuba, ha 3 been well
stocked during the past two years. The
fishing season on the Sacramento seldom
opens befoia May, but, as already sug
gested, the season this year bids fair to
be an early one. The fishing conditions
on the Truckee this coming season prom
ise to be the most favorable In years.
This groat stream has more dams In It
than any other river in the State and un
fortunately heretofore all of these dams
have not been provided with fish ladders.
The dam 3 In the California end of the
rtver have for years had ladders of more
or less efficiency, but the dams In the
river In Nevada have been without lad
ders, so the spawn tlsh could not pass up
the river. During last year this condition
was remedied. Owing to public demand
the dam owners built ladders and active
steps were taken to enforce the fish laws.
The result has been that the large spawn
fish have passed from Pyramid Lake.
New. up the Truckee River into thi3 State
for the first time In many years.
This movement of big fish will be of
benefit to the anglers, for besides deposit-
Ing their spawn on the head waters of the
river many of these big fish will loiter In
the. pools until taken out by the skill of
some fortunate angler. V.'ith the Im
provements on the dams in Nevada the
fishermen arf still uneasy regarding the
fishing in the rtver owing to the knowl
edge that the electric power company lo
cated on the Truckee just below Florlaton
has finished its <lam and Is at work on
the big flume that will -carry the greater
portion of the waters of the river from
Its channel to Mystic Hot Springs. on<»
and a half miles below. The capacity or
thin ditch more than equals the average
summer and fall How In the rtver. and
will. it. Is said, leave one and a half miles
of the present river bed dry. thus cutting
off one and a half miles of the best fishing
water. This Is a serious matter to many
anglers, but ther»* seems no remedy at
law, as the company owns both sides of
the river at this point. However, It is
hoped by many that this condition will
have little or no effect on the river above
Floriston. and the best of the river is
said to be above there, for the run of
spawn fish will pass the power plant on
the high water of the early spring, thus
assuring spawn for the hatcheries, from
which later the head waters can be
stocked. The fishing In the American
and the Tuba In the vicinity of Cisco -will
not begin before the end of June, while
July Is usually the best of the season.
Fishing In the waters of Yosemite Na
tional Park will probably attract many
more anglers this year than ever before,
as it Is more generally known that these
streams and lakes are now well stocked.
The anglers who go there will have rare
sport.
General Dickinson and . wife. Mfl jor
Miles and wife and Edward Kohl had
planned to fish the San Gregorto. The
new local ordinance closing the stream
until May 1 changed their nlans.
H. 1 Battu leaves to-day for the T-lttle
Carson, in Marin County. Edward Ever
ett troes to Carmel. Monterey County. Dr.
C. \V. Hlbbard will fish the Bijr Sulphur
to-morrow and Monday. Jurtge C. A. Lrf>w
will try Mark West Creek. Sonoma Coun
ty. E. T. Allen and 11. N. Garners will
visit the Upper Sonoma. Colonel Kellhor
has pone to the McCloud. where he will
remain some time. George Walker and
Mr. Cooper will open the season at Glen
Ellen. Fred Johnson will try his fortunes
at the Soouel River. John Butler and
others of the veteran brigade go to Point
Reves. Frank Maskey is already at his
Eel River lodge and is accompanied by
Thomas Hall. Charles Newman and Mr.
Hutchinson will be on Sonoma Creek.
WILL SELECT ATHLETES
FOR EASTERN FIELDS
Jniversity of California Sprinters and Jumpers
Meet To-Day on Berkeley Oval to Choose
a Championship Team.
BERKELEY, March 30.— Intense in
terest Is manifested In to-morrow's
University of California field <lay,
the result of which will be to deter
mine the team for the Intercollegiate field
day with Stanford University and the
members of the track team that will
make the Eastern tour. Record-breaking
galore is anticipated. The games will
commence at 2 o'clock. The officials for
the day will be:
Referee, E. J. Brown: timers. Professor
W. W. Maeee, Howard D. Smith. John
Ellett, George T. Thompson: starter. E.
J. Brown; judges of finish, Robert Han
cock, Professor Cory. Professor Soule;
field Judges. Loren Hunt. Bernle Miller,
Charles Prir.gle, James "VYhipple; Judge
of walking. Otto Wester-field; clerk ot
course. John Eshleman; announcer, Lu
cien White.
¦*Sr»ec!al rjieretch to The Call.
STANFORD fNIVRRBITY. March 30.— j
The jur.lor class festivities which were |
opened so auspiciously last night with
the? presentation of a farce, were contin
ued throughout the day by track, field
end baseball contests.
The interclass meet for the new cham
pionship cup drew the attention of a
large crowd of students and visitors to
the university oval. It was well known
that the contest lay between the juniors
ar.d freshmen, though both of the other
elates entered their teams. Every event
was sharply contested and the fight was
an or-en one till the last event, when
Symonds. of the Junior class, won the
day for his class by defeating Narraroore
In "the broad Jump by the narrow margin
of one inch.
From the standpoint of intercollegiate,
athletics the meet was a. most important
one. It shows that the cardinal athletes
are strong In the pole vault, mile waik,
the hundred and two-hundred-and-twen
ty-yard dashes, and may take some of the
coveted points in the quarter and half
mile runs hurdles and broad Jump. As
the result the Palo Alto men will enter
upon the last three weeks' training with
renewed hope and vigor.
Following is the detailed score:
303-yard dash— First heat: Stewart. '01.
won; Harter, '01, second. Time, :10 3-5.
6-ccnd heat: Oantw«?li, '01. won; Mc-
Caughera. '03, second. Time. :U. Final
heat: Stewart. "01, won; Harter, '01. eec
cr.d; McCaughern. '03, third. Time. :10 2-5.
220-yard dash — Stewart. '01, won; Me- |
Caughern. '03, second; Cantwell, '01, third.
Time. :23 2-5.
440-yard dash— Smith. '03. won; Hawley.
'01 second; Narramore, '03, third. Time,
¦uTi 1-5.
ISO-yard run— Hamilton, *02. won; Tal
bot, '01. second; Moulton, '03, third. Time.
2M 3-5.
Mile run— Hamilton. '02. won: Borough.
•03 second: Nlkirk, '03. third. Time. 4:58.
120-yard hurdle*, finals— Strout, "01. won;
Pollard. "03. second; Bowman, '01, third.
Time, :17 2-3.
Mile walk— Zschokke. '01, won; Jones,
•02. second. Time. 7:37.
High lump — Bennett. '01. won; Beach,
•C 3. second; Dole. '03, third. Height. 5.4.
Shot put— Parker. '03. won; Brooke. "03,
eecond: Traeger, '03, third. Distance, 29
fe^t 6 Inches.
Hammer throw — 'U'ardall, '01, won;
Traeger. '03. Eecond; Pollard, '03, third.
Distance, 124 feet.
Pole vault— Boyd, '00, won; Beach, '03,
second; Dole. '03, third. Height. 10 feet 7
Inches.
Broad Jump — Symonds, '01. won; Narra
more, '03, record; Lvcns, '03, third. Dis
tance. 21 feet 3Vi Inches.
A close and exciting game was played
on the Stanford campus this afternoon be
tween the Sar.ta Clara College team and
the 'Varsity. Each team scored In the
first Inning, ar.d nothing of moment oc
rurred until the fourth inning, when
Santa Clara by bunching their nits sent
seven men acroFS the rubber. After this
Sar.ta Clara had everything Its own way
until the ninth inning, when Stanford by
lhrr-r. hits and a. comedy of errors by San- I
ta Clara ran up seven runs.
The features of the game ¦were the
steady pitching of Kelly, coupled with his
long drives and the opportune hitting of
Leake and Graham. Captain Graham
played his last game before departing for
the Western League. Score:
SANTA CLARA.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Ix-ake. s. « : 5 13 0 3 3 0
Graham, c 4 1 1 0 11 2 1
Kelly, p 5 2 2 10 10
Conner. 3b 4 0 10 8 4-' 1
Flnnepan. I. f 4 0 10,841
Galtez, r. t 10 0 0 0 0 0
Ilyan, r. f 4 12 110 0
Turner, lb 5 0 117 3 2
Farr>-. cf 2 2 0 11 -"r"' 2
Keefe, 2b 4 0 10 0 2 1
Totals JS 10 13 6 27 16 8
STANFORD.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Murphy, c. f 5 2 3 1110
Edwards, s. ¦ 6 12 0 2 5 1
Strohn. 3b 4 10 13 2 1
Cowden. 2b 5 110 3 0 2
Haven, lb 4 1 1 0 9 4 2
Lougheed. c 4 0 2 14 0 0
Hampson, p 5 0 10 0 10
Symonds, r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 1
Brown, 1. 1 4 2 112 0 0
Totals 40 8 11 4 .:« 13 7
RUNS BT INNINGS.
Stanford o 01000106—8
Santa Clara o 10 0 6 111 o—lo
SUMMARY.
Earned runs — Santa Clara 7, Stanford 4. Fir*t
base on errors— Santa Clara 4, Stanford 6 First
base on balls— Santa Clara 4. Stanford 2. Struck
out— By Kelly 10. by Hampson 2. Left on bases.
—Santa Clara 7. Stanford 9. Three base hltF—
Kelly (I). Hit by pitcher— Farry. Btrohn. Time
or game— 2 hours. Umpires— Foley and Rodolph.
i
SANTA CLARA NINE IS
STILL WINNING GAMES
SAN JOSE, March 30.— The first nine of
Santa Clara College defeated the State
Normal School baseball team yesterday
at the Normal grounds by a score of 8 to
0. Handicapped to some extent by the
absence of Pitcher Martin, the Normals
nevertheless put up a good game. It was
evident from the beginning that they were
outclassed by their opponents, who
played excellent ball. For the college boys
Kelly pitched four innings and Keefe
three, both being nearly Invincible. Farrv
and Keefe fielded In fine form for the col
legians, while Smith and Matthews did
excellent work for the Normal boys The
score in detail: • '
SANTA CLARA.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E
Leake. s. s 3 110 2 10
Graham, c 3 3 2 l 3 i n
Kelly, p. and cf 4 12 110 0
Conner. 3b 4 0 1 1 l i n
Flr.n^san, If 4 0 112 0 0
Ryan, rf 4 0 0 0 10 0
Turner, lb 3 1 1 1 g 4 0
Farry. cf. and 2b 3 1 2 0 2 3 0
Keefe, 2b. and p....l l 0 0 1 2 0
Totals 23 8 10 4 21 12 0
NORMAL.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Ulrlcl, B. ¦ 1 0 ¦ 0 1 0 0 0
Meese, lb 2 0 0 0 12 1 1
Eftes. c 3 0 1 0 5 1 1
Rlckabaugh, 3b 3 0 0 0 1 o o
Mouron, If. 3 0 1 0 0 2 0
Smith, p 3 0 0 0 14 0
Matthews. 2b 2 0 0 0 1 6 l
Henlon, cf 2 0 0 0 10 1
Frazer. rf 2 0 10 0 0 0
Totals 21 0 3 1 21 IS 1
RUNS BT INNINGS.
Santa. Clara 1 5 0 0 0 0 2—B
Normal 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Santa Clara 5. First base on
error— Santa Clara. First base on called balls-
Off Kelly 1. off Keefe 2, off Smith 3. Struck
out— By Kelly 1. by Keefe 2, by Smith 2. Left
on bases— Santa Clara 4, Normal 3. Two-base
hit— Frazer. Three-base hit— Kelly. Sacrifice
hit— Keefe. Umpires — Galtez and Carr. Scor
ers — Casey and Clarke. Time of game — One
hour and ten minutes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 31, 1900.
5
SPORTSSince Supervisor Tobin appears to be so familiar
with the ways and the tricks of the"heathen Chinee"
he might to advantage exercise some of thaticun
nlncr which' has made his model and master famous.
i A! 14-year-old ;boy; beat, his jj
way, from 'Pittsburg to; San ;
• Francisco. Took Horace Gree-
j ley's advice and came West —
¦ to pick "up gold "and fight 'ln- j
! dians. You will find some ex- • ?
> cellent ; reading 'about \ him . in .
| '/The Sunday Call of April 1.
THE KENTUCKY TROUBLE.
THE outstanding reward of $100,000 for con
viction of the assassins of Goebel is likely to
secure the hanging of somebody, with the high
probability that the victim of hemp had nothing to
do with the crime he expiates. Mr. James Andrew
Scott, who seems by the latest news to be running
the business, is quoted as saying: "If Youtzey will
tell what I think he knows, he can hang Taylor and
destroy the Republican party. I can arrange for
er.ough of the appropriation for Youtzey to make
him and his wife comfortable for the rest of their
lives. Culton is going to confess in the morning,
and Youtzey had better get in while he can. The
money is going, and he might "as well have his share."
This pleasant language was addressed to the brother
in-law and father-in-law of Youtzey. Scott assured
them that if Youtzey did not get in Culton would
pet the entire $100,000. Youtzey's relatives only re
plied that he had nothing to tell, thereupon he was
;>ut under arrest.
We doubt whether such an exhibition was ever
made in modern times before. There is something
inexplicable in the conduct of GoebeTs friends. They
refused to permit a post-mortem, or any examina
tion of his body, to show .whether he was shot in the
front or back. To inculpate Republican State officers
it is necessary to make it appear that the shots came
from the front, but those officers, by refusal of a
post-mortem, are deprived of the defense they would
have if he were shot in the back. This fact, coupled
with the cold-blooded proposition of Scott to use the
State appropriation to pay for testimony that will de
stroy the Republican party by hangirig Governor Tay
lor, shadows the whole thing with mystery and sus
picion. It is known that Taylor was ejected by a
majority of 40.000. and that this was reversed by the
use of the Gnebel law. and now if Tirylor can be
hanged, as well as cheated out of his office, Kentucky
will add a very undesirable load to her already pe
rr.liar reprtation.
AMERICAN TAXES ON SHIPPING.
DAVID A. WELLS for several years before his
death was engaged in preparing* a work on
taxation designed to contain a record of his
experience in assisting to shape State and. national
taxes, and of the conclusions drawn from that expe
rience and from his study of taxation in other coun
tries. The work has recently been published, and
contains much information of value to legislators who
desire to give to the people of the United States a
well ordered system of taxation instead of the con
fused burdens which are now imposed upon indus
try and enterprise without yielding any adequate re
turn of revenue.
Among the examples of foolish and hurtful taxes
which Mr. Wells cites none is more worthy of note
than the shipping taxes which oppress our commerce.
On that subject Mr. Wells says: "Boards of Trade
and commercial conventions may pass deploring reso
lutions concerning the decay of American commerce,
and committees of Congress may continue to inves
tigate the same subject, but so long as ships engaged
in the carrying trade on the free ocean, and owned in
Canada, Great Britain, France, Germany and Hol
land, arc not directly taxed, and ships engaged in
competition in the same business and owned in -Bos-^
ton, Portland, New Orleans and San Francisco, are
taxed, and taxed heavily, commerce will incline to
move in the paths made easy and profitable to it.
The difference in cost of a single penny per bushel, in
laying down grain at Liverpool. may alone be deter
minative of the question whether millions'of buchela
The seductive chase for gold has induced many of
our Chinese highbinder citizens to leave the city for
the north. There is every reason to believe therefore
that the gold camps of the north will not suffer from
lack of excitement.
ONE NUISANCE SUPPRESSED.
IN these days of fiasco municipal administration,
when we have to put up with streets 1 unlighted
after midnight, and merchants have to arrange to
have the streets sprinkled largely at their own ex
pense, every step taken toward a genuine improve
ment in any direction, or to the suppression of a
nuisance, is a matter of more than ordinary gratifi
cation. It will therefore be pleasing to the public to
learn that the.Board of Health and the Chief of Po
lice have determined to put an end to the practice of
scavengers hauling the refuse of the city through the
principal streets during the busy hours of the day.
and also to forbid them from carrying off the
scavenge in uncovered carts at any time.
The nuisance resulting from the practice was one
of the most serious in the city, and was the more to
be condemned because it was in , violation of the,
law. It was a practice, moreover, that was well nigh
universal. Probably every scavenger ,in the city vio
lated the ordinance requiring, a .heavy, and suitable
cover to be attached to his cart. When The Call ex
ploited the nuisance :it found* the carts going about
the thronged streets. with. hardly a pretense of cover
ing, and the law ignored # as Jf.it .were not.
The new .rule' requiring the scavengers to haul the
refuse from the city between the hours of 10 p. m.
and 6 a. m., taken with the determination to enforce
the ordinance requiring carts to be covered, will re
lieve the public of a nuisance which was a serious
menace to health as well as being offensive even when
not dangerous. The: prompt response" of the offi
cials to the crusade of The Call against the evicts
gratifying, and it is to be hoped the new policy
will be adhered to "steadfastly hereafter. .
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping: cars via Santa F» route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday.' and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. 6:s Market street.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PARK LEVY-F. N. H.. City. The
amount allowed for the park in the tax
levy last year was $214,000.
MELBA'S PARENTS— A. B. C. Healds
burg, Cal. The father of Mme. Melba, the
singer, was Scotch and her mother was
Spanish.
IN THE COMBINE— C. Kern. Cal.
With ¦ the exception of two ox three very
small concerns all the tin can factories
are in what is known aa "the combine."
BRYAN IN SAN FRANCISCO— Ira,
City. William J. Bryan was in San Fran
cisco on the 6th of September, 1899, and
delivered an address at the Woodward
pavilion.. - ' - - ¦--"•¦ ;
PROCESSION— A. S.. City.. No proces
sions are permitted in the city of New
York without authority. If there is no ob
jection to a procession the required permit
will be granted.
CERTIFICATES-8., Callstoga, Cal. A
certificate lsßued by an officer In the
United States having authority to issue
such does not require an internal revenue
or war stamp, but any other certificate
must have upon it a 10-cent stamp. So
holds the United States Attorney General.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Colonel J. A. Hardin of Santa Rosa la
at the Palace.
J. P. Cox, ex-postmaster at Folsom, is
at the Grand.
' James See, a mining man of Oroville,
is at the Russ.
State Senator Thomas Flint of San Juan
is at the Palace.
Dr. J. A. Collie and wife of Chicago are
at the California.
S. M. Griffith, an oil dealer of Fresno, is
at the Occidental.
John Miller, a banker of Healdsburg,
is at the California.
R. I. Bentley, a fruit grower and shipper
of Sacramento, is at the Lick.
E. W. Hale, a prominent merchant of
Sacramento, is at the Occidental.
Albert Mayer, a Jewelry manufacturer
of Maine, Germany, is at the Lick.
Joseph R. Ryland. a banker of San Jose,
is at the Occidental with his family.
Leonard A. Crane, a wealthy horticul
turist of Santa Cruz, is at the Palace.
George Thompson; editor and publisher
of the St. Paul Daily Dispatch, is in the
city.
H. Wittenberg of Portland, largely in
terested" in the cracker trust, Is at the
Grand. .
D. J. Arpin, a furniture manufacturer
of Grand Rapids, Mich., and his wife are
at'the Grand.
A. B. Barrett, State Bank Examiner, is
up from Los Angeles and is stopping at
the California. .
Gus Holmes, proprietor of the Knuts
ford Hqtel of Salt Lake, who has large in
terests in California mines, is at the Pal
ace.. He is accompanied by O. P. Posey,
a mining expert from Salt . Lake.
James Campbell, the Honolulu million
aire sugar .planter, and his family, who
have been 'spending the winter in Califor
nia, canac up from San Jose yesterday
and will leave for their home on the mail
steamer t6-day. They are at the Occiden
tal.; :
Mrs. Bal llngrton Booth of the Volunteers
of America is expected to arrive here to
night on one of her periodical visits. She
is . accompanied by her private secretary.
Major, Husrhes, and Colonel Duncan, com
mander; o t .the \ Pacific Coast ¦ division of
the Volunteers. " "' •
OUR BIOGRAPHICAL STUDIES.
OF the courses of Home Study now running in
The Call none have been found more generally
interesting than the series of biographical
sketches of famous women. Though these articles
have been prepared mainly for girls and young
women, with the object of interesting them in his
toric subjects and instructing them in what has been
achieved by great women of the past, they can be
read with advantage by all classes who have an intel
ligent sympathy with genius.
The scries is under the direction of Mrs. Charlotte
Brewslcr Jordan, whose sketches of Royal Women
of European History have won for her a wide repute
in the literary world. It includes seventeen papers
and deals with noted women of such widely varied
talents and lives as Joan of Arc, Vittoria Colonna,
Angelica Kauffman, Caroline Herschel, Sarah Kem
ble Siddons, Mme. Le Brun, Mary Lamb, Charlotte
Corday, Jane Austen, Elizabeth Fry, Harriet Marti
• neau, Margaret Fuller, Charlotte Cushman, Jenny
Lind, Rosa Bonheur, Florence Nightingale and
Louisa M. Alcott.
It will be seen the list includes women who have
attained distinction in nearly all lines of human en
deavor, from war, in which Joan of Arc stands pre
eminent, to the deeds of charity which have rendered
the name of Elizabeth Fry forever memorable in the
annals of the English race. Every reader can learn
something new and of permanent interest in this
course and derive from it a higher appreciation of
the work which women have done in promoting the
welfare of humanity.
Many of the papers in the series have been already
published, but those which 2re yet to come are fully
es interesting as any that have gone before. If there
be any readers of The Call who have not yet given at
tention to this series of studies, they will do well to
begin at once. Hardly any item of the news of the
day Is of more value than these studies or will better
repay the time spent in reading. Each article of the
set is complete in itself, and presents a critical and
historical essay by an author of established repute on
a subject which has the double attraction of his
toric value and personal interest.
_ * ' —^ — ~ — r ___— .
SATURDAY. .7 MARCH 31. 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietcc
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
rCBLICATIO\ OFFICR. .Market find Third. S. K.
Telephone Main IStR*.
UUITOittAI. noO«S...»i'K to 221 Sterfnien St.
Telephone iJnlu 1574.
Delivered hy rnrrler*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Mncl* CoplpK, 3 (fills.
Term* by Mall. Inolndtnic I*oatu|?ei
DAILY CALL <:ticlu.!ing Si^flay). one year ? J« <*>
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 6 months S.Ofl
PAILT CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months I.M
IJAILT CALL— By Fi!;g!e Month Csc
EUNDAT CALL Ow Year 1-50
WEEKLY CALL On* Year • : I<*>
All postmaster* are antborl«ed to receive
•tanKcrlptionn.
6a.rapl» cople* «vfll be forwarded when re<rae«ted.
OAKLA\D OFFICE JUS Ilroadw»r
C. GEORGE. KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
SEW TORK COrtKESPONDKXT:
C C. CARLTON..,. „. Herald Square j
XEW YOUK UEPKESEN'TATIVTJ:.
PERRY LUKLNS JR 29 Tribune Building i
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Hon*e; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel: |
rrcsnoat House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81 Union Square:
Starrer HUI Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent
BHAVCII OFFICES — E27 MonUremery. corner of Clay. *pen
until 9:30 o'ciock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 639
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'olock. CIS Larkln. open until
»:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o p clock- 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1098
Valencia, open until » o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until
MB o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second ana Kentucky,
open until 0 o'clock.
EXAMINER-JOURNAL PLAGUE
CONDEMNED BY THE PRESS
How the State Has Been Made to Pay in
Money and Reputation for a Piece
of Sensational Journalism.
San Francisco Wave.
The bubonic plague scare, absolutely unreasonable and unwarranted, prom
ises to turn out the most expensive piece of political work ever done in San Fran
cisco. It is proving a\very bad business every way, and its effects are not lia
ble to be forgotten for ntonths to dome. Simply because one Chinaman was
found dead of a disease which has certain symptoms In common with bubonic
plague, Chinatown was quarantined and the Information telegraphed to the world
that the dread aliment had broken out in the Californian metropolis. This sum
mary action taken on a suspicion has quarantined San Francisco and turned
thousands away from the city.
The effort to participate in the Cape Nome business being made by a few
of the more enterprising of Californian merchants is nullified by the same
scare. In a hundred other ways it Is operating to the disadvantage of San Fran
cisco. If there had really been a cas* of bubonic plague there, if the action
of the Board of Health had been justified by subsequent developments, one pisht
find some excuse, but that the California metropolis should have been blackened
and injured for no good reason whatever is shameful. In a city in which public
opinion was a factor some measures would have been taken ere this to neutra
lize the effects of the Board of Health's rashness. As it is, the Examiner-Jour
nal has spread the news broadcast, and while its announcement In either organ
may discredit the scare among the intelligent, their circulation is In the ranks of
the ignorant, who. doubtless accept its aggravated and black-faced fictions as
Berkeley Daily Gazette.
• • • The offense charged against the New York Journal is that It published
In an exceedingly conspicuous and continuous manner that San Francisco was
plague-ridden, and did not attempt correction after it was known that the city
was not plague quarantined. The result is that vessels from this port have been
put in quarantine at other ports, wholesale traffic is being injured and tourists
scared out of Northern California. Thus the city is made to suffer an injustice.
In a sense the suffering is a just retribution for the sin of patronizing and build
ing up yellow journalism, to which, the city has learned, nothing Is sacred or too
valuable or good to be defamed, pictured with mud cuts and defiled by contam
ination with the columns of a sacrilegious and defamatory sheet. But the pun
ishment is too severe, and reaches the innocent as well as the guilty. The whole
coast is suffering from these false alarms, and will continue to do so for some time
to come It Is taking some severe lessons to teach the public to discriminate be
tween a journal which prefers fiction to fact and vice versa.
• • •jC "'" ' -
Redding Free Press.
San Francisco has been suffering from too much Phelan. The Mayor's Board
of Health and the Examiner, aided and abetted by the New York Journal, have
been advertising to the world that San Francisco is afflicted with bubonic
plague. The East became alarmed- and the alarm ; was exaggerated by false
dispatches On Monday a delegation from the Merchants' "Association waited on'
Mayor Phelan, and to prevent the holding of a public meeting by that associa
tion denouncing the municipal executive that official agreed to send out a dis
patch to forty cities of the tJnited States denying the sensational stories that had
teen published. This may stop the evil report from growing, but will not cure
the curse of it. San Francisco needs to be disinfected from something worse
than bubonic plague— and that is Phelantem.^
, . Stockton Record.
The reproaches of the kettle by the Censorious pot find their parallel In San
Francisco, where people's feelings have been lacerated by learning that yellow
Eastern papers have repeated and enlarged upon home-made lies about the
bubonic fever in that city. The lie Is an official invention. The inventors didn't
imagine it was such a rapid-fire, long-distance explosive, or they wouldn't have
invented it. When It went off and the echo in a New York edition of the San
TrVaTi^«pn Fvareerator proved to be megaphonic, all San Francisco kicked and
Ma"or Phelan B offlciaU y P denied in words what his Board of Health had officially
proclaimed in word and deed and officially reaffirmed. Although that absurd
?tate of affairs Is just what men of ordinary sense could have foreseen as the
i-Mult of re-electing Phelan, thousands of those who voted for him declaim against
it as if they were in no way responsible. Those who made the loudest outcry
were the "business element" who were the most active in support of Phelan.
THE INTERESTS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
THE commercial aspirations of San Francisco
reach westward, to Asia. China and Japan
offer the most profitable and inviting field.
China is the better of the two, because of its larger
and more productive population. Li Hung Chang is
authority for the statement that China has reached
the limit of her food supply, and must look to the
nearest nation that produces a surplus of food to
supplement her decreasing resources.
So well is this aspiration of the Pacific Coast un
derstood that there is a bill now before Congress to
appoint an American commission to proceed to China
and Japan and make a study of those markets, their
requirements and their exchange capacity in com
merce. .
In 1898 China imported $146,077,000 worth :of
goods, or 36.5 cents per capita of her people. Of this
the United States sold to her $20,000,000. China has
now thirty-one open ports, each' one an open door
to our trade. This country is favored in China for
the reason that we have respected her territorial in
tegrity. While the other commercial nations have
seized ports and zones of territory and spheres of in
fluence by craft or violence, we have been content to
rest our relations and commerce with her upon
wholly natural conditions and upon a policy that has
not injured her national pride and self-respect. In an-:
other direction, however, we are undoing for San
Francisco what this national policy has accomplished.
Our Chinese trade from this port has spread through
the settlement here of Chinese merchants. These
Chinese business men pay one-third the tariff taxes
collected in this district on importations. An im
porter is also an exporter. These Chinese merchants
have already done and are daily doing exactly the
work to be charged upon the commission which Con
gress is about to authorize. They understand in it 3
minutest detail the Chinese market; they know what
American product that market will take, and in what
shape it must go to the consumer there. In its be
ginning the trade of this country with China was in
silks and teas. It was promoted by resident Ameri
can merchants in China, who understood the Ameri
can market, and its taste as to quality, its capacity
as to quantity and its requirements as to times and
seasons. In other words, we were in the beginning
importers from China, and our merchants, located
there, knew our market and catered to it. Now China
is an importer from this country, and the Chinese
merchants have settled here as American merchants
did there, and are wise in the needs of their native
market. It has been said, and truly, that if we want
this export trade to China we must be mindful of the
resident Chinese merchant. If we expel him we ex
pel the Chinese export trade of San Francisco. It
has been for some time apparent that application of
our very proper law and treaty regulations against
laborers to merchants is working against the Chinese
trade of San Francisco. Our commercial rivals- on
the north understand this, and as we increase our
policy of illiberality to Chinese merchants, they
broaden their hospitality to that class. Recently the
merchants of this city, who begin to feel the pressure
of this policy, held a conference with Mr. Ho Vow,
the Chinese Consul, and appointed a committee to
suggest an intelligent administration of our exclu
sion laws, so as rigidly to exclude coolie laborers,
according to the necessary purpose of those laws, but
at the same time to secure the merchants the rights
guaranteed to them by our laws and treaties. Forty
years ago Japan had no appreciable imports. Now
her imports are over $3.00 per capita, of which we
sold to her 14 per cent and Great Britain 22 per
cent. It is easily possible for China in a short time
to increase her imports to the same per capita as
Japan, and that would mean an annual importation
into China of $1,200,000,000. Granting that we do not
increase our percentage of that trade, the increase
would mean to us an annual export of $168,000,000.
If San Francisco do not get the most of it, the fault
will be ours.
In view of this it is rather discouraging to San
Francisco commerce to see the Examiner stigmatize
the effort to keep for Chinese merchants their plain
rights under the treaty as an attack on the laws which
exclude Chinese coolie labor. The Examiner's attack
holds over every merchant the shadow of libel and
abuse and the threat of boycott in his trade, unless he
consents to dump Chinese merchants and coolie la
borers all in one. class and thereby drive away our
Chinese trade by the denial of treaty rights to the
Chinese merchants who are building it up.
Any one wise in commerce knows that if we desire
an export trade to India its best promoters would be
Parsee merchants from Bombay, who might be in
duced to found houses here and become buyers of
our products to export to the markets whose needs
they know.
The interests of this city require attention to- these
matters, and those interested are injured by injecting
the Chinese labor question into Chinese trade. We
suppose that no discipline can reach Hearst's two
papers to make them either truthful, decent or re
spectful of the highest interests of this city and State,
and men who have those interests at heart , should
proceed in disregard of the fantastic lying and sen
sational follies of Hearst's sheets. .
Wanted in Haywards.
Mabel Stein, a" handsome ~ blonde. . j2l
years of acre. was arrested on Montgomery
AMSKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
...FOR...
Nome, St. Michael, Dawsori
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
££«w i^-JTI^ 01800 •" • ~ "- s - 8. •'FORTT,ANiy..Apm »t 1*»
FROM SEATTLE :....^. a H. "DORA" ...AprU JO IM
. .OS SAN FRANCISCO... .. .I"!I^"*.!aI 8. ."RAINIER"*.*. M*J Ift. 1*»
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM bA*. FRANCISCO ....;„. -.^T" ....a. B. "ST. PAUU" ' Max HUM
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched, E»ery Fortnight Thereafter; tf|
For Juneau, Sitka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points : -
FROM SEATTLE}. ...8. 8. "BERTIiA.- oonuawiotmc April Kfe •
w« r^w\Ti.' BM#r " # IBat>9 Ma fart*" 1 particulars as to frelrht and pasaac*. apply to A&AaW
KA^COMMKRCIAU COMPANT. «0 Eutomt str^ft. Ban Francisco. CaT^
Tor B«atlU mmllinrnm «¦»!• is CAPT. jas, oauuou.. Uuta&i lAtm ""'1<1{«» S«*ltXa.WMk.
Proved Genuine.
Tess— Do you really believe her complex-
ion is genuine?
Jess— There's no doubt of It. I saw the
box: the label on it sad: "None genuine
without our signature." and there was
the signature right enough.— Philadelphia
Press.
Faded hair recover* Its youthful color and
softness by tbe use of Park*r's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns. the best cure for corns. 15 cts.
Nothing contributes more toward a sound di-
gestion than the use of Dr. Siegert's Angosutra
Bitters, the celebrated appetizer. „
Cumso— One thin?: may be said in favor
of the English generals in South Africa.
Cawker— What is that?
"They haven't begun to write for the
magazines."
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tb*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Monr-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. v •
Send your Kaatern friends Townsend's
California Glace Fruits, 50c lb. in flre-
etched boxes. 639 Market St.. Palace Hotel.*
street yesterday by Detective Anthony.
She is accused of stealing jewelry from a
family at Hay wards, where she was em
ployed as seamstress, March 17. It Is said
she is engaged to be married to an em
ploye in the Custom-house. She denies
taking 1 any jewelry or money, and say*
she will be able to show that her arrest
Is all a mistake.
Peanut taffy, best in world. Townsend's. •
ORGANIZERS OF THE
COMMERCIAL MUSEUM
Dr. W. P. Wilson and William Har
per of Philadelphia Tell of Sue- •
cess in the East.
Dr. William P. "Wilson, director of th«
Philadelphia Commercial Museum, and his
colleague. William Harper, chief of the
bureau of information of the same Insti
tution, arrived last night from the East
and have been given apartments at tht>
Palace as guests of the city. They were
met on approaching the city by a com
mittee of prominent citizens headed by
Mayor Phefan and escorted to the Palace
in carriages. They will remain only until
Monday, when they must return eastward.
They have come to assist in the organiza
tion of the Pacific Commercial Museum.
In an interview Dr. Wilson stated that
the Philadelphia Museum, organized in
1594, had grown farther and faster than Its
organizers had ever dreamed of. Its aim
Is to study and develop foreign trade— not
only to find a market for American prod
ducts but to reciprocate by finding a mar
ket In America for foreign products not
manufactured here. The city of Phila
delphia at first backed the museum, but j
now it has become such a matter of inter
national importance that Congress has
appropriated a large amount of money to
aid In its work. Philadelphia donated six
teen acres of land near the business cen
ter, valued at $730,000, upon which build
ings to the value of J1.000.000 have already
been erected, and plans are ready for more
buildings that will cost as much again.
The buildings when completed will cover
the whole ground. Philadelphia appro
priates $113,000 annually to support the
museum. While the information supplied
to, manufacturers and producers is tac
tically free, "the museum realized $71,C0<r
last year from voluntary contributions. ¦
"The greatest obstacle to our foreign
trade," said Dr. Wheeler, "is that we do
not know what is required in foreign
countries. This 13 what the museum tries
to find out and supply to interested peo
ple. We employ from 160 to ISO clerks.
who read and write twenty different lan
guages. We take 2200 trade Journals. All
foreign Consuls are our agents by act of
Congress. We are in constant touch with
nearly every Board of Trade. Chamber of
Commerce and similar commercial body
In the world. All the doings In the world
of trade are classified and Indexed and
weekly bulletins issued to show to busi
ness men the drift of trade.
• "There should certainly be a commercial
museum here, whose duty it will be to de
velop trade In the Orient, Australia and
In South and Central America. The op
portunity 13 a glorious one."
THE PACIFIC COMMERCIAL MUSEUM.
WHEN it was learned in Philadelphia that a
project had been formed in this city to estab
lish a Pacific Coast Commercial Museum
along lines similar to those upon which the great in
stitution in that city has been so successfully con
ducted, it at once occurred to the people there that
the prestige of their own museum would be largely
increased if the one in San Francisco should be an
nexed to it as a subordinate or branch institution.
This idea took such firm hold upon the minds of a
good many Philadelphians that they have come to
believe it to be true, and accordingly they refer to
our museum as a purely local enterprise quite as a
matter of course. Thus the Philadelphia Inquirer, in
commenting upon the Pacific Coast project, recently
informed its readers: "While the Philadelphia Com
mercial Museum is planned on a national scale and
is local in name only, the Pacific is intended to ex
ploit Western trade especially, and is only incidentally
a national affair."
Since that is the attitude which the Philadelphians
have taken toward the Pacific Coast museum, it will
bz well to disabuse their minds on the subject. The
Pacific Coast cannot afford in this, nor in any other
great enterprise, to admit the doctrine that the East
is national and the West is merely local. So long as
such ideas prevail we shall be handicapped in every
effort we make for advancement, either at home or
abroad. The Pacific Coast is as national as the At
lantic Coast, and, moreover, has now grown suffi
ciently strong to assert itself in commerce, industry
and politics.
The issue whether our museum is to be indepen
dent or subordinate is not one of prestige merely. If
the Pacific Coast museum be a self-centered insti
tution, national in its scope, it will be entitled, like
that of Philadelphia, to governmental aid, but if it
be but a branch of the Eastern institution, it can ex
pect none. That fact is made clear by the Inquirer
itself in the statement: "There is before Congress —
or at least there will be, for the Committee on Inter
state and foreign Commerce with but a solitary
objection has agreed to it — a bill appropriating $200,
000 for the Philadelphia museum. The friends of
the California enterprise are asking that $50,000 shall
be tacked on to this bill for their own use. They
hope, by taking advantage of the prestige won by
the older enterprise, to secure money for the new
one. There is small justice in such an attempt.
If the California concern was national in its scope
we would wish it hearty success and give it a 'bless
you' with emphasis. But it is only intended for the
exploitation of local products. Its value is purely
local, and therefore not a proper subject for national
support."
The promoters of the Pacific museum can hardly
be oblivious to the importance of this question,'
which they will have to determine at the very outset
of their enterprise. .Doubtless Philadelphia can offer
many inducements for" us to accept the position of a
Western agency of their museum, but to renounce
independence for the sake of them will be much like
selling a birthright of nationalism for a mess of pot-
It is said that the coming of Collis P. Huntingdon
to this city will mark not only the obliteration of the
influence of Stanford and Crocker from the South
ern Pacific Company, but will evenblot out the very
names of these men from the great corporation. If
this be a fact it should suggest a deeply significant
theme for a historian of Californian affairs.
shall be supplied by the wheat fields of' the United
States or those of Russia, India or Hungary-"
The comparative burdens of the taxation of ship
ping in the United States and in the maritime states
of Europe are thus stated: "Portland, Maine, levied
more taxes' in the year 1893 on its shipping, valued at
$909,000, than tHe Cunard Company paid; to Great
Britain in the- same year on ships valued at nearly
$9,000,000! The taxation of shipping at Charleston is
five times heavier than that levied by Great Britain
or Germany. During the year 1893 the city of San
Francisco levied taxes to the amount of $85,675 on its
shipping — a sum within $600 of the combined taxes
paid during the same year by the Cunard line, the
Hamburg-American line, the North German Lloyd
and the Compagnie Generale Transatlantique of
France to their respective* Governments, their com
bined shipping comprising.upward of 700,000 tons of
the best steel and iron steamship]*; valued at upward
of $58,000,000." -.V
Such figures as these carry their moral on the
face. When to them it is added that the Governments
of the maritime nations of Europe grant liberal sub
sidies to their merchant marine, it is not to be won
dered that our shipping industry languishes and that
of our own ocean commerce we carry but a petty per
centage, leaving the rich and increasing profits of the
trade to be reaped by the ship-owners of other na
tions. It is. evident that if we are to compete on
equal terms' with foreigners in the commerce of the
world, we shall have to make a radical change in our
methods of treating our merchant marine.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 31, 1900.
RAILROAD WILL
BE CALLED DOWN
BY COMMISSION
State Board Will Consider
Arbitrary Increase
of Rates.
Will Meet Here Next Week With
Members of Interstate Commerce
Commission to Settle a
Vexed Question.
There will be a special meeting of tM
Railroad Commission In this city on Tues
day or Wednesday of next week, or as
soon thereafter as the Commissioners can
get together. The arbitrary action of the
Southern Pacific Company in increasing
rates without consulting the State body is
the subject which will be considered.
Commissioners Blackstock. Edaon and
Laumeister and Secretary Sesnon have
been in Los Angeles getting pointers from
the Interstate Commerce Commission,
row In session there, with a view of bein?
prepared to handle the local situation
without gloves. ¦¦
Members of the Interstate Commerce
Commission are coming to San Francisco
and will Interest themselves in the Inves
tigation to be made by the State board.
Railroad Commissioner Edson left Los
Angeles Thursday for Fresno, where he
intends to gather information bearing on
the local situation. Commissioner Lau
meister has returned to San Francisco.
Commissioner Blackstock. who will re
main in Los Angolcs until the adjourn
ment of the Interstate Commission, made
the following statement last night with
reference to the State board:
"We shall, after arrival in San Fran
cisco, fix a time lor holding a session, and
this may be Tuesday or Wednesday next.
The holes that the Interstate Commerce
Commission is Jamming into the many
vexed question* that have surrounded the
railroad situation will prove of interest
and largely aid in simplifying matters.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Mr. Smooth."
Tlvoll— "Manila Bound."
California— "Pu(Jd'nh<-ad Wilson."
Oryli^um— \ audevillc
Grand Opera-house — "El Carltan." •¦'' '\
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
SOlyrorla. corner of Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Fischer' »¦ New Concert House— "ll Trovatore."
OrJiland Race Track— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By T. Maa-lean— Monday. April :. at 11 o'clock. Horses. *t
ICS Market rtreet.
6
A WARM RECEPTION FOR THE DOVE.
—Detroit Journal.Speclal Lenten Service.
The Lenten service to be held under the
direction of the Calvarian Society at St.
Mary's Cathedral to-morrow afternoon
will be addressed by Rev. C. Kennedy.
The subject will be "Pljata."
All Fools' day falls on the
coming Sunday. Look out for
the story concerning the ori
gin of the name and custom
-which will he printed in The
Sunday Call. It may throw
some light upon jokes that
have occurred to you upon
that eventful day.
among the admiring astronomers of; all
countries.
By this time her self-abnegation waa
so complete that the joys of youth, tha
drawbacks of age, were alike unnoted be
cause of her absorption in her brother**
life work. She resented fiercely all prais*
of herself which might detract from her
brother's fame ana writes with all sin
cerity: "I have done nothing; all I am.
ail 1 know,' I owe to my brother. I am
only a tool which he -shaped to his use —
a well-trained puppy dog would have dona
as much."
The many distinguished visitors, -wh.o
came to the house after the discovery of
the Georgian satellites— l7S6-ST— did not
agree with Caroline's modest- estimate of
herself. So that when. In 1757. the salary
or the astronomer royal was doubled tha
modest sum of £50 annually was settled
upon Caroline as assistant astronomer.
Her Joy. however, over this unprecedent
ed action in the history of science and
the possession of the tirst money, most
irregularly paid, which Bhe had ever been,
able to spend to her liking, was soon
clouded by the first real trial of hsr life.
That spring her brother William mar
ried; although his wife became Caro
line s lifelong friend, it was a great blow
to a woman whose 38 years had been so
lived in her brother's llfs to b© thus rele
gated to a second place. Although bit
terly lonely in her lodglng-s, she neverthe
less worked untiringly, not for the saks
of science, but for the sake of the brother
who had trained her to believe that as
tronomy was the only branch of science
worth studying. She but thinly veils her
contempt of other studies when she write 3
of her brother Dietrich: "He amuse 3
himself with insects; it Is well he does
not see the word 'amuses.' for whenever
he catches a fly with a leg more than us
ual he says it Is as good as catching' a
comet."
Caroline Herschel discovered the ma
jority of her comets after her brother's
marriage. Nevertheless, she still spent
many nights star-gazing with him. rough
ly Jotting down his observations, and at
dawn hastening to her cottage, where she
worked until breakfast, in order to send
her brother a fair copy of the nlghfa
work, together with th© working plan for
the following evening. Sometimes, when
Mrs. Hersch*>l would be absent for a
month with her only son, to whom Caro
line was always devoted, the sister would
come to her brother's home, working
night after night with him Jn the dear
old way. Indeed, had It not been for the
frequent cloudy evenings these laborers
by day and night would not have been able
to stand the unresting strain of so many
years. As It was. Sir William Herschel's
iron frame succumbed prematurely to the
outrageous treatment which It constantly
received, and he died in 1522. England was
no longer Kngland now that the brother
who brought her thither was gone, and
the broken-hearted sister returned, at the
ap« of 72, to Hanover, where she lived
twenty-six years. Still faithful to her
task ct "minding the heavens" for her
brother, she completed some of his most
important works in her native land. The
reduction and arrangement In the form
of a catalogue In zones of all the star
clusters and nebulae observed by Sir W.
Herschel In his sweeps won for her in
IS2S, at the age of 7S. the gold medal of
the Royal Astronomical Society. She
also wrote many other catalogues and
indexes invaluable to astronomers, who
can but appreciate the unremitting In
tellectual activity which produced them.
She worked slowly, as though she had
nearly a century In which to be painstak
ing.
The pleasures of her later yeara were
found in music, and she retained to the
last her enthusiasm for great musical
performers and composers. Her life waa
so simple that It wa3 with great difficulty
that she could spend one-half or the an
nuity of £100 which Sir William Herschel
left her. Her dearest Joy was in the
achievements of her Illustrious nephew,
the beloved brother's only child. Sir John
Herschel. an unusual example of the ge
nius of the father descending to the suc
ceeding generation. Sir John Herschel
ably carried on the great work which
his father had begun, and through his
original researches Kept the name of Her
schel foremost in science for a century,
dating from Sir William's discovery of
the Georeium Sidus to Sir John's death,
nearly 100 years later. When Sir John
Herschel came to announce to his vener
able aunt his Intended visit to the Cape
of Good Hope in order to study the south
ern heavens she cried out. eagerly: "Were
I but thirty or forty years younger, in
GoJ'9 name, I would go. too:"
When Sir John Herschel returned to
Hanover four years later, bringing th«
little William Herschel. named for tho
pioneer astronomer, to see his great-aunt,
the aged woman felt greatly blessed. Her
last peaceful years were brightened by
manv kindnesses from the Hanoverian
royal family, and the reverent affection
of her contemporaries and kindred, who
upon her death, in 1?4S. placed this char
acteristic inscription to her memory: "The
eyes of her who was glorified were here
below turned to the starry heavens. Her
own discoveries of comets and tier par
ticipation in the Immortal labors of her
brother, William Herschel. bear witness
of this to future ages."
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Sprinjj Term, 1000.
Mondays — American Political Par
ties.
Tuesdays — Twenty Lessons in
French Conversation and Recent Sci
entific Discoveries.
Wednesdays and Thursdays —
Golden Ages of Literature.
Fridays — Photography for Ama
teurs.
Saturdays — Biographical Studies
for Girls.
These courses will continuo until
held at their close as a basis for tha
granting of certificates.
New County Banks Projected.
Calaveras County is about to have its
first county bank. Henry Brunner, who
is connected with the Germania Trust
Company In this city, is one of the di
rectors of the new institution. Mr. Brun
ner said yesterday that the officers would
be elected next week. The directors are
John Raggio of San Andreas. F. J. So
linsky of San Andreas. George Tryon of
Angels. Mr. Rose of Angels, Mr. Manuel
of Murphys and Mr. Brunner. The bank
will open for business April 15. The capi
tal stock is $50,000, all paid up.
T. B. Cutler of Crescent City, who is
now in the city, is preparing to start a
bank in his town with a capital of $25,000.
Both banks will be commercial institu
tions.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
LA FT TWO XIGIITS,
ABIIiT lAPE/
DM JAUv
MATTNEES TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR
NEXT WEEK—
"QUO VADIS."
CHUTES^nd ZOO
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT
Cakewalk lh
Contest *"«>™« \
m Cherry
viotprQ
Ent. by Ttlejt ose-Ptrk 23. UIUI U I 0
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PU.MPS:
1/ DAP II & Drake Amalgamators, operat-
l\i\UUn in* dally; 1 SO-Hp. gasoline en-
gine cheap. 9 Stevenson, S. F.
SAW EDGES
Are all right on saws, but people don't
care for them on their collars or cuffs.
Our careful methods give you perfect
work, which is shown in the beauty of
the finish and the immaculate color of
your linen when it is done up at the
United States Laundry. Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St
MATINXE TO-PAT (SATURDAY). March 31.
F"arquet. lie any seat; balcony. 10c; children.
Me, MT.y rart.
A vOTHfcH B.G VAUDEVILLE TRIUMPH.
CHARLES" SWEET.
KENO. WELCH and MELROSE;
A. L. GUILLE; LONET HASKELL.
THE MISSES McCOT «axd SAM MARION:
W. C. FIELDS: NEILSON SISTERS; WES-
TON and TOST.
WALTER JOKES and NORMA WKALLEY.
complishments, drudgery her profession.
Her reading, writing, the rudiments of
music and an occasional lesson on the vio
lin she learned from her father when her
mother was away or In an unusually good
humor. The fact that Caroline Herschel
gained what little education she possessed
under such discouraging circumstances,
oftentimes when worn out with her duties
as the Cinderella of the family, shows
that she must have possessed a naturally
good mind and great versatility, as well
as great perseverance.
England was at this time under the rule
of the Hanoverian Kings, and the Her
schel boys journeyed thither as members
of the band of which their father was
master. These professional visits ended in
William Herschel's establishing himself as
organist and music master at Bath. This
was a severe blow to the little Caroline,
who found the tedium of household duties
almost insufferable without the compan
ionship of her idol and hero, whom she
; frankly called her "dearest brother."
Upon his return, five years later, Caroline
was in a tremor of anticipation and more
than ever begrudged the daily routine
which deprived her of so much of this
visit.
Shortly after William's return to Bath,
where he followed the trade of musician
merely to obtain the means of studying
his beloved astronomy, his father died,
leaving the family in greatly straitened
circumstances. For the next five years
mother and daughter slaved to keep the
oldest brother, Jacob, in his former lux
ury. Then William bethought himself to
secure the valuable services of his young
er sister, and sent for her to Join him in
Kngland.
Her training in Germany formed an ex
cellent basis for her self-effacement in
England. Here the work was quite as
heavy, but varied by scientific tasks in
which she proved an apt apprentice. This
apprenticeship was sweetened by her
brothers approbation and the Increasing
consciousness that she could give him
more invaluable help than any one else in
the world.
At William's bidding she first took up
music, developing a remarkable talent for
singing, which would have justified her
career as a prima donna had she not at
her greatest proficiency been obliged to
stifle all longings for individuality and
identify herself still more intimately with
her brother's specialty. When not em
ployed In seconding his Inventions or in
defatigably polishing the mirrors for his
great telescopes, she copied the scores of
"The Messiah" and "Judas Maccabeus"
into parts for an orchestra of nearly 100
pieces, drilled the singers for the Lenten
oratorios in which she was the soloist and
sang frequently in concert. She was in
vited to take part in the Birmingham fes
tival, but declined to sing publicly where
her brother was not the conductor. Her
last public appearance was in 1782 in an
anthem composed by William Herschel.
She combined music with housekeeping
and science solely that she might eke out
her brother's earnings and lift him out of
the bread-winning stage into the realm of
pure science. It was therefore a keen dis
appointment to her to lay aside her one
accomplishment in order to concentrate
her power upon mature scientific work.
It is a noteworthy fact that the Her
schels arrived at science by the road of
music: for the kindred exactness in the
two branches appealed to their mental
precision. . .
William Herschel's fame as a musician
and composer was soon exchanged for
that of astronomical discoverer and In
ventor. His wonderful forty-foot tele
scope, the discovery of the planet Geor
gium Sldus in 1781 and of a volcanic moun
tain in the moon In 1753 made him the
leading authority in Europe and caused
his appointment as astronomer royal in
1753. The modest salary of £200 allowed
him by George 111 was much less than
he had earned from his forty weekly mu
sic lessons and position as organist, but
he welcomed the change, for he gained in
uninterrupted time what he lost in money.
The brother and sister now removed to
Datchet. and there their life was even
busier than before. In recognition of his
sister's devotion William Herschel now
delighted her by presenting her with a
telescope, a "seven-foot Newtonian
sweeper." With this instrument she
faithfully swept the heavens during her
brother's enforced absence at court,
bringing herself after some rebellion of
spirit to spend night after night on dewy
or frosted grass plat with no one within
call She soon overcame her repugnance
to the loneliness of this work by reflecting
that not far away her beloved brother
was at the same time making observa
tions upon double stars or planets, and
this sense of nearness encouraged her to
work away on the nebulae or star clus
ters which she intended to catalogue.
Once upon discovering a comet, she had
the pleasure of writing this fact to her
brother, her letter crossing the following
diary-letter from him :
Dear Llna: Aug. :l.— l counted 100 nebulae
to-day and this evening I saw an object which
I believe will prove to-morrow nlsht to be a
comet 2d.— To-night I calculated 150 nebulae.
I fear It will not bo clear to-night. One
o'clock —The object of last night l» a comet.
It seems, however, from several con
gratulatory; letters received from noted
astronomers that to Caroline belonged the
priority of observing this, the first of the
eight comets which she discovered.
With this enthusiastic brother Caroline
Herschel braved the roughest weather,
noting the right' ascensions and polar dis
tances of the objects observed while the
ink froze in the bottle, helping regularly
in his numerical calculations and . reduc
tions and only . during his absence • using
the prized Newtonian sweeper," and get
ting through an amount of independent.'
orisinal work • that caused amazement
ADVE-BTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature of /&*<~7^^>
V«r small sum! mm easy
tm take as sugar.
SFF lr» a %DTrn>] FOR headache. ccp ¦;;•
SLC CARTERS FOR DIIZIMESS. btfi
GENUINE f }IJ|: ERE R 35™SE£L GENUINE
iPI LLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR JLLja " FOR sallow skih. WPAPPFB
WKArrtK ||^B_J FOR THE COMPLEXION WK Arl J tlf
"FRrtTTEID ON REID PAPER."
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
FAREWELL TO-DAT. THE LAST OF
'•PUDD'NHEAD
WILSON."
The Greatest of All American Play*.
rr«>yerite<l In perfect Ftyle by Mrs. Edwin F.
Mayo's Superb Company
And the Brilliant Actor. Mr. BURR MclN*-
TOSH.
LAST MATINEE TO-DAT AT «:15.
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT.
To-rr.rrrow fpunday) Afternoon, st 2:15.
"ON THE SUWANEE RIVER"
A r-OMEPT DRAMA GEM OF PtTtITT. FIM-
FLICITT AND HEART INTEREST.
A P!ny of the Beautiful Sunny South.
SPECIAL t
NEXT MONT>AT AFTERNOON AT 2:30-
FAREWELL RECITAL OF
PADERBWSKI !
The World's Greatest PlanlFt.
PTEINWAY PIANO USED.
To-day only,' Marks Brothers are selling:
children's : fine ribbed hose,- double knee,
all sizes, regular value 20c, sale price 12% c.
1212-1214 Market street. , : •
TENTS AND ROVERS. ¦':' ¦ '.
NEVILLE & CO.. manufacturers, bags, tents.'
coven, tl and 33 California st. .
• KEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD 6c.
CO. European plan. Rooms. Me to $1 60 day:
I." to ti week; JS to 120 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all n!j,-ht.
FOR U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer* "Monticollo." .. . :
MON., Tues.. Wed.,: Thurp." and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night) ;¦ Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. in., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508. .
FARE .50c
WEEKLT CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
§1 /per Year*
Camera Club Election.
The annual meeting, of the California
Camera Club for the purpose of electing
a board of directors for the ensuing year
and for the transaction of such other busi
ness as may come before it will be held in
the clubrooms; ' Academy ¦• of Sciences
building, 819 Market; street, on Tuesda>
evening, April 3, at 8 o'clock. ;
"Mr. Smooth"
Says he,wa-«i glad to come to Frisco, because he
had heard so much about Ztinkand'e. •
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900-CALIFOBNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
MARCH 2t to APRIL 7. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Raein* Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or enlne.
Five or more races each day.
Race* etart at 2:15 p. en. ehan).
Kerry-boa** leave Ban Francisco at 12 m. end
12:30. 1. l:?j, 2. 2:8) and I P- m., connecting
with traliis rtoppln* at the entrance to the
track. Last two car* on train reserved for la-
«5W-s *nd ih»-'.r escorts: no Knokin*. Buy your
ferry tickets to Sbell Mound. All trains via
Oakland molt! connect with San Pablo avenue
electric caxa at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also ail trains via Alaraeda mole con-
nect with Ban Pablo avenue car* at Fourteenth
end Broadway, Oakland. Tbese electric car*
to direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Tteturninir— Trains Ny« the track at 4:l* and
«:C p. m. and lramedlattly after the last race.
THOMAS H WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
Believed a Fortune-Teller.
Eustah Blnten, a visitor from the coun
try, was arrested Thursday night by Po
liceman Tillman at Fourth and Minna
streets and was booked at the City Prison
on a charge of carrying a concealed
weapon. He had been annoying a woman
in the neighborhood, and she notified Till
man. He explained to Judge Conlan yes
terday that he had consulted a female for
tune teller on ¦ Prospect ¦ place and she
told him he had enemies and to arm him
self, so he bought the revolver. The Judge
sent him to the insane ward in the Re
ceiving Hospital to be examined by the
Commissioners.
A Smooth Article.
3 Six full quart bottle* seven-year-old whisky
$4 80. We prepay expressage to air parts of the
Pacific Coast. Nothing •on cases to indicate
contents. We control French Cblony Vineyard
Company's product. Everything from producer
to consumer direct. F. EDhralmA Co., 18
Montgomery street. San Francisco. ' •
EL ?PATENTSI ; g
Vagl^33o MARKET 's/!s^S!r
PISCHER'C
A CONCERT HOUSE **J
X 122-124 O'fAKHELI. ST.
E. A. FISCHER Prop.
GEORGE MOOSER Manager
Tnt Btn&ieaeit Kniie-Hill ia Aneries.
OUR TIME TABLE.
S:OO— AUGUST HINRICHS 1 SUPERB OR-
CHESTRA.
f 25— SENOR VARGAS.
f -a— SIGNORIN'A BARDUCCL
S 22— SIGNOR BADARACCO.
*:¦»— MISS ACNES FRIED— IO:4S.
VM-SIGN'ORINA POLLETTINI.
l'-:»-M ASTER LEO HICKMAN.
II TO 11143- "IL TnQVATOKE."
AUGUST HINRICHS" ORCHESTRA.
ADMISSION 10 CENTS.
Next Week— "FAtrST" and THE BEAUTI-
JTL PALVINL Matinee Sunday 2 p. m.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
Frcm Sp»ar-street Wharf at 10 a, m. "
CIDC £12 First Class Including Berth
IHIIC S3 Second Class and ileaJs.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA rails
April 3
COLUMBIA saJls April 8
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all - points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
639 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Surerintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
KIW YORK. SODTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABIB.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul April 4 St. Paul April 25
St. Louis April 11 St. Louis.... May 2
New York April 18 New York May 8
RED STAR LINE.
New Yorl< ar)d Antwaro
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Frlesland April 4|Kenslngton April 25
Southwark April ll|Noordland May 2
Westernland ...April 18|Frle»land May 9
EMPIRE LINE.
S. . S. Ohio, from San Francisco May 15 and
from Seattle May 24, to Nome and St. Michael.
Subsequent sailings. June 30. July 31, Aug. 30.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agents.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Dally, 625 Sixth Street
BYRON JACKSON.
CLEVER TRICK OF A
BOY OYSTER OPENER
His Employer Swears to a Warrant
-for His Arrest for Petty
Larceny.
N. K. Eustathlw has an oyster grotto at
126 .Third street. About a week ago he
advertised for a boy to open oysters, and
Manuel Sallchi got the Job. He proved a
willing worker and enjoyed the confidence
of his employer.
Thursday evening Manuel came hurried
ly Into the grotto and said to Eustathlw:
"Say, there s a fellow across the street
who has bet me $3 that I can't show $50.
Now, you give me the $50 and I'll win the
bet, and we can divide the $5."
Eustathiw got the $50 from his cash
drawer and handed it to Manuel, who hur
riedly left the grotto, but did not return.
Eustathiw patiently waited till yesterday
morning, when he went to Judge Mogan's
court and swore out a warrant for Man
uel's arrest on a charge of petty larceny.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
|^ wharf, San Francisco:
4ffh»-_ For Alaf-kan ports— lo a. m..
BBrS SW April 1. ti. 11. ]«. 21, 2«; May 1.
ISrHJSsr^E^ Change to company's M'-arners
fttViMj Vft'i For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
fol^iT^^jßJ C.) Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^^ESisiaSMi Tar-cma. Everett, Anacortps
anil New Whatcom (Wash.)—
*•* 10 a. m., April L 6. 11. 16. 21,
26; May 1. and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., April 4,
9. 14, 19, 24, 29; May 4, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles), and Newport— 9
a. m.. April 1. 5, 9. 13. 17. 21, 2S. 29; May 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diesto, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblsrso). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo <Los Angeles)— ll a. m.,
April 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27; May 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Encenada. Mngdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a, m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folder.
The company re?erv%s the right to change
steamers, willing dates and hours of sailing,
withiut.rrevlous notice.
TICKKT "'VlOh-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace HoteU.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
J9s&^n?s?£s!l* T, he S " S - Australia
rav^wa — p^ woo. at ip. m.
s&§3? cyl^nriSfiip^ A a url^ H f" ol^?*"'
¦avatifir sz,~,r\-*rin -^"CKlar.d for Sydney
2-C?*^ (QiUPoRy- Wednesday. April 18,
. .. ' ,jt at Bp. m.
Favorite line around .the world via Hawaii,
Samoa. New inland. Australia. India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
t. 0. SPRECKELS& BROS. CO., Agts.. »4 Montgomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St FreiahtOtfice.32? Market St
PHONE MAIN E32.
LAST MATTXDE OF THE COMPANT THIS
AFTERNOON.
LA6T EEVEN NIGHTS OF THE SEASON.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
EL CAPITAN
MONDAY— "THE BEGGAR STUDENT.**
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Rewrved Seat In Orchestra at To-day's
Matinee, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
the annual banquet will be given. The
lodge elected a number of candidates, and
it. now numbers nearly three hundred
members.
T. F. BONNET, EXALTED RULER OF B P. 0. ELKS.
ATHLETICS IN
SCHOOLS TO BE
RECOMMENDED
Superintendent Webster in
Favor of Swimming and
Boxing.
Advocates the Erection of Gymna
siums and Tanks for Physical
Culture in the New
Schoolhouses.
The announced intention of the Board of
Education to add cooking, sewing and
carpentering in the curriculum of the
School Department meets with the un
qualified indorsement of Superintendent
Webster, who expresses himself also as
being heartily in favor of establishing a
system of manual training in the schools
for the benefit of all the pupils.
Superintendent Webster will recommend
i nhis next report to the board that fa
cilities for the physical improvement of
pupils be established in tha new school
houses which are to be built with moneys
raised on the bonds to be Issued for that
purpose. He will advocate the installa
tion of a complete gymnasium, where
boxing lessons and other athletic exer
cises may be taught by competent in
structors. He will also recommend that
swimming tanks be built in connection
with the school houses where pupils may
perfect themselves In the art of swim
ming, which he regards as conducive to
good health.
"The great trouble In the education of
children," said Mr. Webster, "is that we
devote too little time to their physieaLim
provement. The very reason why chil
dren are unable to cope with their home
studies, over which there has been so
much controversy, is because they are
not physically constituted by proper and
judicious exercise to do so. Let us have
athletic instruction and they will be bet
ter fit for mental labor, for both go hand
in hand. There can be no obiectlon to
teaching sewing and some of the manual
trades in connection with other studies.
Some parents have opposed the study of
cooking in schools, but they are, in the
minority."
GOmNBtAAn
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT, SUNDAY NIGHT and ALL NEXT
WEEK!
Smyth & Rice Present Comedian
t\A/ILLIJB
COLLIER
IN HIS OWN NEW
FARCE, ,•
SMOOTH
Comine-WM. H. WESTS MINSTRELS.
i 9vi B Hfl| R B «
GRAND MATINEE TO-DAT.
The Musical Extravaganza,
¦ ¦ R %1 II II Mv^ M I I ¦
Don't M!*s the PATRIOTIC FINALE and
•THE HOOT MOX GOLF BALLET!"
Curtain riws evenings at 8:10.
POPLIAK « l< .Ci.. —2: c and 50c.
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
SPECIAL NOTICE— We will shortly produce
"THE WIZARD OF THE NILE."
BIOGRAPHICAL STUDIES F"OR GIRLS."
VII. CAROLINE HERSCTTTX.
(1750-IS4S.)
BY CHARLOTTE BREWSTER JORDAN.
In Hanover 150 years ago there was born
Into the Herschel family a little girl
named Caroline. The youngest of many
children, she soon became the household
drudge, working to maintain the well-be
ing of hrr older brothers. Jacob, the old
est of the flock, often whipped her If she
did not wait deftly upon him at table, but
William, the second brother, always pro
tected her and was her good comrade
whenever she could be spared from her
duties as Fcullerymaid.
Isaac Herschel, Caroline's father, was
bandmaster of the royal regiment of Han
over, a. musician of considerable ability,
who carefullyeducated hffe sons and would
have extended the same privilege to his
daughter had he not been so bitterly op
posed in this by his wife. Frau Herschel
adhered with 'even more than the usual
Teutonic tenacity to the theory that a girl
should have no more education than would
enable her to become a competent family
drudge who could minister to the men or
the household. In Caroline's memoirs she
speaks of knitting her first stocking so
long that as she stood up to finish it It
just touched the floor. Knitting, string
plaiting and bugle stringing were her ac-
AN ASSISTANT ASTRONOMER ROYAL
, Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 31, 1900.
ELKS NOW HAVE
NEW OFFICERS
FOR NEXT TERM
Theodore P. Bonnet Chosen
to Be the Exalted Ruler .
for One Year.
H. S. Manning Selected to Represent
the "Order at the Grand Lodge
Session in Atlantic
City.
Pan Francisco Lodge No. 3, Protective
and Benevolent Order of Elks, held its
annual election for officers, and there
were more than a hundred 'present to ex
press their choice for those who shall
govern during the ensuing Elk year. For
the principal office— that of exalted ruler
there was but one candidate, Theodore F.
Bonnet, publisher of Town Talk and one
of the most popular members of the lodge,
who was promoted from esteemed leading
knight, which" office he filled during the
year with ability and dignity.
The result of the election was as fol
lows: Theodore F.'Bonnet, exalted ruler;
Thomas E. Dunne, esteemed leading
knight; Harry E. Curzon, esteemed loyal
knig-ht; Philip Fay, esteemed lecturing
knight; Herman Kohn, secretary (re
elected); George E. Hunt, treasurer; John
N. Odell, trustee; John P. Broder, tyler.
H. S. Manning, who will retire as exalted
ruler, was elected delegate to the Grand
Lodge, which will meet in Atlantic City
on the 20th of next June. Colonel J. R.
Howell was elected as alternate delegate.
The new officers will be Installed next
Friday night, and on the following night
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
V* d rJm m. '^ *£ J^kmEf£jkf*ijS&t3Uf^
|p^v^W^lp||p?
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW TORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE. '
NEW TORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
Also New Tork-Hamburg Direct.
For railing, etc., apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE, 37 B'dw'y. NT.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved for Co.'s passengers on application.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. Agts. for Pacific Coast.
4GI California st.. cor. SariFom«\ S. F.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
CAPE NOME HOUSES FOR SALE.
12x16 ft., 1150: 16x20 ft., J2OO. Apply to the
HUMBOLDT LUMBER CO.. Third and
Washington sts.. Oakland. Cal.
nil 1 /^r Located on Market
I AI„ A L r street. In close
A I\l Fl ness Bectlon - Places
A 1 1 1/ of amusement and
111/ A nil Iwo wlth baths at-
UiViii*l/ tached. The largest
and finer* hotels la
llfl f T K T}l vorld. Amerl-
JllJ 1 HL/3 can and European
DREDGING PUMPS.
Oil, Gasoline, Steam Hoists, Centrifugal Pumps,
Engines&Bollers. HendyMach.Wks.,4o Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY S MODELS.
L. PETEREON. 544 A Mission. S. F. : communi-
cations from Inventors strictly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt . water for sluice boxes:
nigh or low lifts. Slmonds. 33 Market st' <
PUMPS AND GASOLINE ENGINES.
All kinds of Pumps and Gasoline Engines.
WOODIN * LITTLE. 312 Market St.. S. F.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
EAVES All the Gold by Gravitation. No quick-
silver.. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
A £X A'ermu /Hserues-V tiling Mem-
or». Sleeplessness, etc., cansed by ow
work and Indiscretions. Thru qiticktm
an*, tvrrlv restore Lost Vitality In old
or young, and fit a man f cr stndr. bust-
naas or pleasure. Prevent Insaaitrand
Consamption if token In time. Their
cm show* immediate ln> proretnent and effect a C v B.E
where sll others fail. Insist upon harmg th* r»n»»p,?
&;tx Tablets. They have cared thousands and will
rare 70a. We giro a positive written guarantee foj st-
reet scare In each case or refund the money . Price
Cfl r in per Pockaß, or six !>•£**««¦ Aul treat-
9U kl«i mentj for 53.60 by mail. In plain wrapper,
opon receipt of price. Circulars free.
AJAX REMEDY CO.,
For aale in S. F. by Lclpnlts & Co., No Per-
centage Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co., 8. F.. Oakl'd.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Saving Machine. «9 FW-
rom street. Oriental Gas Englns Company.
QOLT SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
dally operation. Win. H. Birch & Co., 133 Ist.
MATTESO.VS SLUICE WASHER.
Long torn, riffles and carpet combined saves
placer cold. VAN WINKLE. 413 Market st.
GASOLINE ENGINES.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is filling
many orders for Nome. 141-143 First st.. S. F.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great > Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
OROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
Outfits racked. IRVINE BROS.. 670 Howard,
SOB Fourth. 1302 Polk and 1441 Stockton, S. F.
LIQUORS-
WHICI^FV "¦• L - CAHEN & SON,
TT IllOlVi-. I 41S Sacramento.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
/ ' . OILS. I ; -'- ' j:
LUBRICATINO Oil." Crude Oil and Caroline.
ENSIGN A McGUFFICK. 2J Bpear St.. B. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlo?o). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG MARU...... Saturday, March 81
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, April to
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May 19
Via Honolulu. . ? «
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market St., corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PLATES FOR S AVINO OOLO.
Schaezleln A Burrldge, > Hardla place, off
•Kearny. between Sutler and Bush streets.
F. W. BELL. Central ! Plating Works. 852 Mis-
' slcn st.; S. F. Phone Je?sle SCI.
ROCKSRS.:
DfifrOC Hnla-Hula Rocker: Centrifugal
nIIRCO Stand Pumps; Machinery. PARKK
& LACY CO.. 21 Fremont st.
ROR
NOME BEACH DIRECT!
BARKEXTINE CATHERINE SUDDEN SAILS
APRIL 18, 1900.
For freight rates apply to the
NOME BEACH LIGHTERAGE AND TRANS-
PORTATION COMPANY,
Office: 4 California et.
, PORTABLE HOUSES.
BHRNHAM-STANDEFORD i CO.. Washington
and Ist sts., Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. 8. F.
COKPAGNIE GEKEBALE TBANSATLANTIQU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, -^e^tam
Sailing; every Thursday Instead' of <*/£¦?«>
Saturday, from November 2. 1839. at >^^»J»
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton St.: LA BRET AGNE. April 6: L'AQUI-
TAINE. April 12; LA GASCOGNE. April 19;
LA TOURAINE, April 26. First class to
Havre, 160 and upward: 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. Second claps to Havre.' s4s: 5
per cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson ¦ building),' New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. Pnn Francisco. •
.. V PILE-DRIVINa ENQINES.
Worth ington' Steam Pumps & Water Meters,
Mandy . Hoisting Engines. Tatum & . Bowen.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
ENQIISES, BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER * HAMILTON. Engines and Boilers;
lowest prices on the coast. Pins & Da. vis sts.
FURS.
FUR COATS AND ROBES FOR CAPE NOME.
ALBERT HOEFLICH. 11« Grant aye.
Wouldn't you ?
•
if you wanted a Jacket £o where
you can get a natty, stylish $5
jacket for $1.95, or a $6.50
Jacket for $2.50, in navy, green
and black. When we cut we cut
deep. There will be no more
Jackets at this price after this
week. Our stock of new tailor-
made suits and new shirt waists
are now open, and at surpris-
ingly low figures.
C. CURTIN,
911-913 Market St.
7
SIR WILLIAM HERSCHEL.
Sm JOHN HERSCHEI*Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 !>7U
Sterling Cables — 4 SSU
New "York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — *\i
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars . 43% 4J
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Large Argentine "shipments of
3,375,000 bushels depressed the Chicago market,
though this was /somewhat offset by the
etrength In Corn and Provisions and. free buy
ing on St. Louis account.
10.000 ctls, $1 C 5%; 2000. $1 03%.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. yti l .i@97%c; milling,
9S?ic@sl 01V*.
CALL BOARD SALES.
informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December— 10,
000 ctls $lO3^i; 2000, $105"*. ...•:¦•'¦¦'
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls, $105%;
4000, $1 CUT*. May— 2ooo, 9S%c; 2000, 9S!ic; 6000,
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$10C»i: 4000. $103 v». May— 2ooo. 9S%c; 2000, SSHc.
Afternoon Session— May— 2oCo ctls. 9S%c; 2ChiO,
98% c: ! SCOO. 9S%c. December— 2000. $1 05*» ; 4000,
$105% . •¦•-'•¦' ¦ '
¦BARLEY— The market drags along as usual,
without, feature. Seldom If ever has Barley
be"n so featureless for so many months.
Feed, • 75c , for . No. .' 1 and ¦ C3@72%c ' for oft
grades; Brewing ; nnd Shipping grades, 80®
87% c; Chevalier, nominal.'.
, , CALL BOARD . SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l3' o'clock— No sales.
• Second . Session — No sales.
Regular. Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— The market is firm enough, but dull.
White. :$1 10@l 30; Red, 93c«$l 17%; Gray.
$1 07V.(gl 15:^ Black, 97%c@$l 06. -
¦ CORN— White and Mixed are held higher.
Eastern White Is quoted at $1 03@l 07% per ctl
and Eastern , Yellow at $I@l 10; mixed, $1 05®
1 07% per ctl. •
RYE— 97%c@sl per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI. •
Flour and Millstuffs.
i. FLOUR— Cal'.fornla family ; extras. $3 60®3 75.
usual terms: bakers': extras, $3 40©3 SO; Oregon
and • Washington; . $2 254T3. per . barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in ; sacks are as fol-
NEW YORK, March 30.— Bradstreet's Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say: Railroad
share values continued" their advance -.this
week while Industrials and other specialties
were Irregular and In • some cases developed
considerable unsteadiness. A feature of the
week's market was the further activity of
Americans in London and large purchase by
foreigners of International shares. The buying
has been on a larger scale than any similar
demonstration on the part of . European In
terests In some years. : It is Indeed : hinted
that the movement has been worked up : from '
thlsi side, .but the amount of stocks that are
being shipped abroad . and the large volume
of the trading In Americans at London seems
to negative this Idea. The theory . which : finds
acceptance In conservative circles is that ¦ the
foreign financial and speculative . world t ap
preciates • the Importance -of the currency bill
which has put the United States firmly on a
gold basis and is also expressed, by , the present
enormous earnings .of railroads in this coun
try and 'the promise they . afford of increased
dividends or of payments on the stocks *of
EASTERN MARKETS
NEW YORK, March 30.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Progress toward better things has been un
mistakable. It was a year ago that the fren
zied speculation In Industrial stocks reached
Its culmination with, pricei averaging higher
than at any time since, while railroad stocks
after some decline rose $1 13 per share higher
In September and after the fall in both, which
ended In December, have now risen $S 35 per
share, to the highest point of this year. The
advance during the past week has been re
markably vigorous and with more public sup
port than before.
Wheat exports fall far below last year's,
amounting in the week to 9,766,891 bushels,
against 14.105,£. c 6 bushels, last year. The price
has advanced 2',ic with statements that the
crop of France is greatly reduced, though It
is rather early to make any euch estimate.
The exports of corn again prove the magni
tude of foreign demand for cereals, as the
extraordinary movement of last year Is closely
approached, 11,794.875 bushels having gone
abroad in four weeks, against 13,102,811 bushels
last year. The Western receipts are nearly
three times as large as In the' same week
last year. Indicating an abundant supply on
hand, but the price has -risen l%c.
• Wool has declined fully lc on the average
of revised quotations and more for fleece and
fine or fine medium territory, which sells at
£5c clean, with medium closing at 60c. The
goods market is quiet and orders are limited
and outside the favorites prices are irregular,
with 5 per cent decline In some medium wool
ens and fine v/orsteds.
Iron is growing weaker except in Bessemer
pig, which is held at $24 90. at Plttsburg In
spite of small sales of Eastern at lower figures.
Anthracite No. 1 has sold little above $23 and
basic at $22 50. with Eastern forge offered at
$:0 50 at Pittsburg. In finished products no
further change appears except In refined bars,
which sell In large orders close to 2c at Phil
adelphia and In plates, which are selling at
2c or less at both markets. Better prices are
excepted from the consolidation In sheets. But
It will not be easy nor in the end profitable
to hold prices after supplies so far exceed
demand that material can be bought at lower
cost.
The advance of lc In sole leather has led
to some heavy transactions, though In fact
but a restoration of prices paid In January.
It restricts orders for boots and shoes, which
are small, although shipments continue about
7 per cent larger than last year for March,
exceeding those of other ¦• years still more.
Hides at Chicago continue to decline, though
slowly. Transactions through clearing-houses
show a much smaller volume of business than
a year ago, the daily average for March being
14.3 per cent smaller than last year, but 34.4
per cent larger than In IS9S.
Failures for the week have been 203 in th*
United States, against 194 last year, and 33
in Canada, against 26 last year.
NEW YORK. March 30.— FLOUR— Receipts,
60,258 barrels: exports, 6SS7 barrels; firm. Win
ter patents, $3 6503 90; winter straits, $3 43@
3 55; Minnesota patents, $3 70®3 95; Minnesota
bakers. $2 8303; winter extras, $2 60®2 90: low
trades winter, $2 25@2 40. '
. WHEAT— Receipts, i 65,600 bushels. Spot-
Firm: No. 2 red. SOVic f. o. b. afloat: No. 2 red,
77% c elevator: No. 1 Northern Duluth; 77Uc;
No. 1 hard Duluth, 73V*c f. o. b. afloat prompt.
Options— Opened easy, but soon rallied and for
the balance of the day were very firm, closing
%c net higher.. -Bulls were aided by renewed
buying for St. 'Louis account, crop damage re
ports and general covering by early sellers.
May, 73 3-16<ff74%c, closed 74c: July. 73%«?71 I HiC
closed 74% c; September, 73H5 7414c. closed 74% c.
HOPS— Steady. -
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Options closed barely steady, with
price net unchanged to 5 points lower. Total
sales. 10,250 bags, including: April, $6 40; May,
$6 43; September. $6 65®6 70: December,- $6 95;
February, $7 05. Spot — Rio, dull: No. 7 Invoice,
7»Jc: No. 7 Jobbing, B>ie. Mild— Quiet; Cor
dovn. &%<gl4c. -
SUGAR— Raw. firm; refined. Irregular.
BUTTER— Receipts. 13.240 packages; weak and
unsettled. Western creamery, 21<g25c; factory,
ISW2IO. "
EGGS— Receipts. 13,708 packages: 'firm. West
ern at mark, 12c: Southern at mark, ll(312c.
DRIED I FRUITS.
Business In evaporated armies .was slack and
the market continues slow, except for desirable
grades, which hold about steady |at - old fig
ures. California dried fruits were dull ¦ and
nominal. • , .
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
4U<g-sc; prime," 5%W6c; choice, 7<37%c; fancy, 7%
©B%C. •:.-.¦.• "
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%<37c. \
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13i?5:i5e; Moorrark, 15<frl8c.
, PEACHES— Peeled, lS@22c: unpeeled, 7%@9e.
The leading, futures ranged as follows: •
New York Metal Market:
; NEW YORK. March 30.— Tin continues active
and . considerably higher ' to-day, . influenced :by
a good export demand and the strength abroad,
our market Advancing sixty points, 'closing firm
at $32 60. -The ncr gain : for - the week aggre
gated ISS points. .. . .
Lake • copper, • though firm 'in . tone,", was un
changed from last ¦¦ nlirht's . closing •at ¦ $1G 75.
Pig Iron warrants continue quiet. Lead ruled
dull, closing unchanged at $4 67% bid and $4 72%
asked. Spelter was quiet and unchanged, cloa-
Influence in checking the buying movements.
As the buying of the specialties was largely
to cover ehort contracts it was not Influenced
by money market considerations. There was
no EtlfTness in th« rates for money, but pre
liminary figures of to-morrow's bank state
ment failed to indicate so strong a return as
baa been counted upon. Owing to the falling
off in the amount of Government bonds offered
for conversion the disbursement of premiums
decreased and the week's gain by the banks
from the sub-treasury will be less than a
million dollars. On the interior movement by
express the net receipts are estimated at less
than half a million. As against this small
gain In cash the expansion in loans has un
questionably been large. There is ground for
doubt, therefore, whether considerable inroad ;
has not been made on the surplus.
Business in the bond market showed a falling
off. but prices were about maintained. Total
sales, par value, $3,390,000.
United States 3s, old 4s and new 4s declined
Vi In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
sold. Stock— bid.
41.5C0 Atehison 2M6
21.472 Atehison prefd 72%
13.M4 Baltimore & Ohio M's
UK) Canadian Pacific 97
1.430 Canada .Southern &4
23.C30 Chesapeake & Ohio 3-"i
2.640 Chicago Great Western 14%,
3,313 Chicago Burlington &: Quincy 131
660 Chicago Ind & Louisville 25U
310 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 5&
Chicago At East Illinois 102
Chicago & Northwestern 164
3.700 Chicago R I & Pacific, ex div 112»i
10.605 C C C & St Louis 66V4
710 Colorado Southern 6* 4
220 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 45
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 19
Delaware Sc Hudson 116* i
Dt-laware Lack & Western IS2
500 Denver & R G 22V4
100 Denver & R G prefd 74^4
160 Erie 14
1,010 Erie Ist prefd il\
2.12U «ireat Northern prefd 165 V*
2.643 Hocking Coal 20
210 Hocking Valley 26%.
725 Illinois Central 115?,
835 lowa Central 19%
3,343 lowa Central rrefd 5S
100 Kansas City l'ltts & Gulf 19
300 Lake Erie & Western 23
Lake Erie & Western prefd S7
Lake Shore 200
2.130 Louisville & Nashville t>6%
19.0 M) Manhattan L 95t*
21,375 Metropolitan Street Railway 164
€2i) Mexican Central 13%
1.40<j Minn & St Louis 67
Minn & St Louis prefd 9<5
§,5C4 Missouri Pacific 49%
100 Mobile & Ohio 46%
300 Missouri Kansas & Texas 12
050 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd. 36
New Jersey Central lIS
2.1W New York Central 137%
7.«:.S Norfolk & Western 36%
340 Norfolk & Wf stern prefd 7G 7/s7 /s
13.940 Northern Pacific 6U
1.450 .Northern Pacific prefd 77';
5.J64 Ontario & Western 25,*
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Ry &. Nay prefd 76
10.76S Pennsylvania 135%
1.200 Reading 19'»
6.510 Reading Ist prefd 62%
1,700 Reading 2d prefd 33i*
Rio Grande Western 53%
Rio Grande Western prefd 9O'»
400 St Louis & San Francisco 11* 4
€63 St Louis & S F Ist prefd 72
3,435 Bt Louts & S F 2d prefd 35%
St Louts Southwestern 12*
1.370 Et Louis Southwestern prefd 32»i
4.125 Pt Paul 123"ii
i»t Paul :>refd 171%
St Paul & Omaha 107%
21.420 Southern Pacific 41%
9.050 Southern Railway 15S
3,150 Southern Railway prefd 60%
34') Texas & Pacific 17 a t
22,:.60 Union Pacific 58
2.600 Union Pacific prefd 16\
100 Wabash 7* 4
2.500 Wabash prefd 22 I,*1 ,*
173 Wheeling & Lake Erie 11
1.225 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 30?;
10,250 Wisconsin Central 20
i Express Coicpanies —
Adams 116%
American 149
United States 47%
WoU Fario 125
Miscellaneous —
1,630 American Cotton Oil 36U
American Cotton Oil prefd 94%
American Malting 4%
600 American Malting prefd 22%
1.000 Am Kmeltins & Refining 42^4
100 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 90
American Spirits 2 1 .;
American Spirits prefd 17
1,173 American Steel Hoop 33*;
American Pteel Hoop prefd 81
15.430 American Steel & Wire 56%
. 750 American Steel & Wire prefd 90\i
49S American Tin Plate 33
American Tin Plate prefd 82%
i 11,(50 American Tobacco 106
I American Tobacco prefd US
j 13.633 Anaconda Mining Co SC?;
! 4,246 Brooklyn Rapid Transit • 71%
fc.(i7s Colorado Fuel t Iron MU
2.430 Continental Tobacco , ;. 31^
100 Continental Tobacco prefd 54%
14.833 Federal Steel =4s|
306 Federal Steel prefd -<%
1.000 General Electric i]2R
135 Glucose Suear '. 53
Glucose Punar prefd 9gij
HO Internatloal Paper 21%
200 International Paper prefd 66
Laolede Gas 75
I National Hlscuit 36
! 150 National Biscuit prefd : 89
1 National I»ail ? 24
> 100 National Lead prefd 105U
I 1,070 National Steel 4414
305 National Steel prefd 94'
New York Air Brake 13d
Sf.o North American 15U
140 Pacific Coast 52
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 82
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 61
Pacific Mall 37
£3.970 People's Grs 105* i
1M Pressed Steel Car 51
111 rrwtd Steel Car prefd 83
110 I'ullman Palace Car 174
Standard Rope & Twine 7
191. < Xi Sugar 109SJ
Rugnr prefd 108
11.203 Tennessee Coal & Iron 97
3.100 United States Leather 12*4
I 4,073 United States Leather prefd 731*
I 430 United States Rubber 31"
United States Rubber prefd fMJ
Western Union 5314
1.4:0 Republic Iron & Steel Co' 22\
300 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 6S
P (' C i.- St Iyjuls gs
929 Third Avenue 102 ! , i
! 800,000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S Is refunding !M X & T 2&5. :'.'.;. 69
wh«-n issued 104% ,M X & T 4s J3%
V B 2s reg 100\ IN' y Cent 1*t5.\....110%
U R 3s reg ..110%;N J Cent gen 55....1?4^
US 3s roup 110% ! N' Carolina . 65.. ...127%
U S new 4s reg 134 ii'N r Carolina 4s 106'
V S new 4s coup..l34ViiS" Pacific 3s CS»I
U S old 4a reg 115% (N Pacific 4s 10T.%
U S old 4s coup...llti'i N* V C & S L 45..1(«%
[I S Cs reg 114 V.V & W con 45.... 93'
IT S3s coup 114% \X &. W een 6s 132
I)!s of Col 3.G3» 119 pr Nay J5t8........n0
Atehison gen 45. ...10234 Or Nay 4s 104>i
Mchlson adj 4s 84% pr Short Line 6s 12$
Canada So 2ds 106 3r S Ltne con Cs 114
CTie<i & Ohio 4%*.. 9SH (Reading Gen 4s 88' i
ITies & Ohio 5«....115% R G W Ists 9SU
C /; NW con 7k... 142 3 L & I M con Cs.H3U
2 & NWSF deb 55.121'i:5 L & 8 F gen 65.122^
rhuo Terminal 45.. 97 St Paul cons. 170
D& R G Ists 103%iSt PC & P lsts./.lWi
O * R G 4s 9iH,i 5 P C & p Ss 121%
F. T Va & Ga Ists.lo2i.iso Railway 55.....'112' i
Krle General 4*.... 74 Stand R&T6s .. 73
P W ADC Ists... 71 Term new set Ss... 93
..'•nerol Elec 55. ...113% Tex & Pac Ws... 114
7, H & S A/* Ill) |rex & r*c M 5..!. :"«
J H ft S A 2d5....10R% Union Pacific 45....107»4
H&T C Ss .110 O-abarh Ists 117
H Sz T C con 65.. 110 Wabash 2ds .......100%
ff>wa Central l«ts..H4 West Shore 45.... 114»A
X C P 4- G Ists... 74% Wls Cent Ists 92%
La new cons 45. ...107 |Va Centuries ..... 89»*
L fc N Unl 45...... 99Ti Va deferred «lti
5& Pacific 4s 845,'Cc!0 & So 4s 543!
The following record of the estimated dally
discharge cf certain California riven is fur
r.irhed by J. B. Lipplncott. hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey. One second
fcot equals JO miners' Inches:
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
1 [M'ngCo.
I Second Feet. | Ditch &
DATE. I 1 1 Turlock
j 1533. j X9OO. I Canal.
March IS 5.7 6.4 12
March IS 5.6 6.3 12
March 20 6.2 6.5 12
March 11 6.9 6.4 12
March 22 5.8 | 6.4 12
March 23 S.I | 6.4 12
March 14 1 11.4 | 6.J 12
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
DATE. 1
1599. j 1900.
March IS 5.0 6.7
March 19... 8.0 6.6
March 20 | E. 4 6.5
March 21 1 6.S 6.4
March 12 6.4 6.6
March 23 7.8 6.6 .
March 24 , 5.7 | 6.5
SAN J«_AQUIN RIVER AT HERNDON.
Second Feet.
jjj^'j l^ , __
1539. I 1900.
March IS 3.5 4.6
Marrh 13 3.3 4.6
March 20 3.4 4.6
March Z\ 3.6 4«
Marrh Zl 3.7 4.6
Marr-h 23 1 4.6 4.6
March 24 | 9.2 | 4.4
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT RED BLUFF.
1 Second Feet.
DATE. I j
] 1*99. 1 1900.
Ifarch'U I m.o 9!™
Marrh 19 g.g ».«
March 29 6.« 8.2
Marrh £1 1 8.7 >.l
March 22 1 3.7 ».O
March 2?, T 14.8 j 8.8
March 24 | 20.4 | 5.7
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
j Second Feet.
DATE. j
j 1593. J 19U0.
March IS B.« 7^
Marrh IS 6.4 «.8
March 20 7.8 7.0
March Jl » 6.1 7.3
March Tl 5.9 i 7.4
March 2Z 11.1 ! 7.5
Aisjcb 24 13.3 1 7.2
NEW YORK, March 30.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
March 30, with the precentage of Increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponglng
week last year:
Percentage.
Cities — Amount Inc. Dec.
New York $1,153.115J73 .... 13.1
Boston 105.458..95 .... 13.8
Chicago 118.160,951 1.1
Philadelphia J7.302.557 3.2
St. Louis 27.651.747 ....
Plttsburg 33.654.05 l I.J
Baltimore 21.270.33.1 1.2
San Francitco 17.037.76S 1.6 ....
Cincinnati 14.136.860 8.2
Kansas City 12,549,914 32.8
New Orleans 5.545.636 13.1
Minneapolis 9.196.974 23.7
Detroit 6.915,335
Cleveland 8.721,550 .... 7.0
Louisville 8.030.992 24.5
Providence 6,273.300 9.4
Milwaukee 4.892,300 10.8
Pt. Paul 3.770.653 10.1 .
Buffalo 4.4W.1G3
Omaha r.,366.757 4J.0 ....
Indianapolis 5.467.951
Columbus. 0 4.305.000 6.6
Savannah 5.508,6:*) 29.9 ....
Dfnvor * 4.721.K11 D 3.6
Hartford 2.102.50S 5.9
Richmond 3.057.429 2.3
Memphis 2.656.143 13. S
Washington 2,437.Ci)3 1.6
Peorla 2.105.597 29.4
Rochester .* 1. 605,264 13.8
New Haven 1.223,249 .... 11.6
Worcester 1.195.969 21.7
Atlanta 1.483.229 56.0
Salt Lake City 1,543.633 .... 14.2
Springneld. Mass... 1.155.971 .... 28.3
Fort Worth 1.370.27S .... 29.0
Portland. Me 525.236 41.7 • ....
Portland. Or 1.7U7.46S 22.2
St. Joseph 3.552.293 66.1
Los Anßele3 2.331, 43S 70.6
Norfolk 1.443.508 29.0
Syracuse R20.96S 3.8
Dcs Moines 1,323.210 6.0
Nashville 1.190.300 10.0
Wilmington, Del... 915.593 30.7
Fall River 611.147 13.0 ....
fcranton 1.137.504 17.9
Grand Rapids 1.097.752 3.1
Augusta. Ga 1,053.394 22.8
Lowell 473.000 45.1
Dayton, 0 1.053.539 13.0
Seattle 1,£63.426 41.2
Tacoma SSfi.o36 36.7 ....
Spokane " L102.P84 19.1
Pioux City 1.043.050 2.3
New Bedford .'"67.510 6.8
Knoxville, Term.... G34.4GS S.S
Topeka r.97.524 22.0
Birmingham 513.926 53.9
Wichita 544.237 7.9
Blnshamton 3."7,]00 10.S ....
Lexington. Ky 43U57 33.0
Jacksonville. Fla... 262.951 14.4
Kalamazoo 3K0,4.i3 53.2 ....
Akron 413,700 31.3
Chattanooga 339,232 23.7
Rockford. 11l 323.113 29.7
Canton. 0 231. 000 7.9
Ppringfleld. 0 335.771 Sl.l
Fargo, N. D 29'\S4S 42.S
PSoux Falls. S. D... 111,970 9.0
Hastings, Neb ISS.39J 63.4 ....
Fremont. Neb 143.711 17.2
Davenport 636.320 10.8 ...-.
Toledo 1.657.525 25.4
Galveston R.619.nn0 ? 1.1
Houston 5.516.535 6.6
Springfield. HI 430.047 37.2
Mr.con. Ga R74.600 26.3
Paglnaw 379.129 39.3 ....
Helena 602.307 11.5
Little Rock 33K.657 25.9
Evansville 928.136 34.8 ....
Youngstown ........ 323.935 7.6 ....
Totals, U. S $1,729.550,570 3.8
Totals outside of
New York E76.K42.2fi6 1.0 ,;....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal 11,690.063 .... 14.5
Toronto 8,587.256
Winnipeg 1.509.937 4.4
Halifax 1,220.3.15 17.2
Ha-.-Jlton 655.741 fi.l
Pt. John. N. B K44.773 13.0
Victoria 37?.2fH 39.8
Vancouver 515.0C9 46.5
Totals J25.375.33S ~ "lii
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, March SO.— Money on call
steady at 3%@4 per cent; last loan, 4% per
cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5% per
cent. Sterling exchange steady, with actual
buFlnefs In bankers' bills at $4 56% for demand
and at $4 S2V.ig4 52% for sixty days; posted
rates. $4 53% and $4 87. Commercial bills
$4 S2Viifr4 83. Sliver certiflcateF. 60U@61Uc
Bar silver, 39% c. Mexican dollars, 47% c. Gov
ernment bonds, weak; State bonds, firmer
railroad bonds. Irregular.
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON. March SO.-To-day's state
ment of the treasury balance, exclusive of the
$1.V>.000.000 gold reserve, shows: Available cash
balance, $164,730,210; gold, $95.059,863.
London Market.
NEW YORK, March 30.-The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says-
The market here was idle, the effect of the
Delngoa Bny Rward. The market had been
expecting £2.500,000 to £3.000,0C0, and gets only
£975,000. No special provision is made for
the American claim. Shares fell £7 10s to Is
?n»? n » ,Si oscd at £l nomlnal - First debentures
fell 130 to par, second 114 to 41. Portuguese ri>
clined %. but recovered.
Americans showed meager dealings for the
same reason as yesterday. There was fulr
profit-taking early. A strong rally at the
opening of the afternoon was regarded as pre
liminary tf> manipulation from New York
which came as buyers of Atehison Issues and
Baltimore and Ohio, neglecting the others The
close was .-lightly under the best. Idleness
reigned In the street.
Coppers were firm. Tlntos closed at 38 New
York bought Anacondas In the street up to
The bank bought £20,000 gold bars and lost
Money was more plentiful. The amount due
the bank was repaid this morning and two
thirds were borrow lm'the afternoon. Bills
CLOSING.
LONDON. March 30.— Canadian Pacific 9!><m-
Union Pacific preferred. 79: Northern Pacific
preferred. W. Atehison. 29%; Louisville 88»i-
Grand Trunk, S?4; Anaconda, 10} i; bar silver
steady, 27',id. '
Charters.
The Prcsper lead* lumber at Port Blakeley
for Kobe. C2s Cd; Solvelg. redwood at Eureka,
for Melbourne.
Weather Report.
029 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March SO. 1900-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<•.»*<*, as compared with those of the same
date last season and the rainfall in the last
twenty-fcur hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 44.C7 3133
Red BtaS 0.00 IS.SI 1931
Sacramento 0.00 15.61 13.91
fan Francisco 0.00 17.03 15. 3S
Fresno 0.00 7. 0S 6.76
Independence 0.00 2.78 1.16
t^an Luis Obispo 0.00 14. 7S 14.77
L«.« Angeles 0.00 6.55 4.79
San Diego 0.00 8.16 4.5S
yuma 0.00 0.77 1.34
San Francisco data^— Maximum temperature,
70; minimum, 50; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is generally partly cloudy weet
of the Rocky Mountains and light scattering
Fhowers have fallen over Washington and
Northwestern Oregon.
The pressure has fallen 6llghtly over the
western portion of the country.
The temperature has risen generally west
cf the Rocky Mountains: the rise has been
rr.arked over Oregon and Eastern Washington.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather in
California Saturday, with nearly etationary
temperature.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thlrty
hours rndlng midnight, March 31. 1900.
Northern California— Partly cloudy Saturday;
llEht variable winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
wf-8t wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Saturday.
Utah— Cloudy Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday. ¦
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
light westerly wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Offlclal.
Discharge of California Rivers.
reorganized roads which have not yet yielded
a return to their holders. There is a good
deal of manipulation in ¦¦ certain parts of the
market. Poor support and activity were seen
In the Pacific and coal stocks and in other
portions of the list as well. A good deal of
profit-taking was also observed and some of
the stocks which headed the advance and Its
beginning failed to retain all their advances.
Yet the railroad list was strong In tone and
by Its readiness to rally from any reactions
demonstrated the presence of a growing pub
lic Interest in speculation. Money has grown
easier for stock market purposes and the re
lease of the funds that have been used to
carry Government bonds is proceeding a pace
as the bonds are turned Into the treasury for
conversion into new 2s. The Increase •In the
national bank notes Is alsj having an effect
on sentiment in advance of the appearance
of such new circulation in any great amounts.
Nor has the market been impressed to any
extent by the fact that Imports are increasing
and that this with the paying oft of foreign
loans contracted . some months ago has caused
a sharp rise In exchange on the face of large
, foreign buying of securities. The principal
unsettling influences have been in connection
with the Industrial stocks. The steel group
and others of their class were early In the
1 week the objects of tentative bullish manipu
lations, but decided improvement was checked
by the large supply of such securities by the
year of labor disturbances and by the Idea
that the trust . agitation may lead to some
adverse action as regards combinations at the
present session of Congress.
Stiver lower. Sterling Exchange firmer.
Wheat and Barley, continue dull.
Oats and Corn firmly held, but quiet.
Bran higher. Hay dull and easy.
Beans stiffly held at full figures.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
Butter weaker, Cheese' unchanged and Eggs steady.
Poultry and Game as previously quoted.
Sez'cn cars of Oranges auctioned.
Jjrjcer prices for Mexican Limes expected.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Provisions stiff, zvith a further advance in Bacon.
Wool dull; Hops neglected; Hides easy.
Expected advance in Hogs next week.
No change in Rice.
ing at $4 50 bid and $4 60 asked. The brokers'
price for lead was $4 45 and tor copper $17 25.
MINING STOCKS.
p^ol'ar UiOntarlo ....8 75
Lrown Point 161Ophir 74
Con C?al & v a 1 50 i Plymouth 10
Deadwood Siiyuloksilver ..175
Gould & Curry ISiQulcksilver prefd.. 8 00
Hale & Norcross.. 20 Sierra Nevada 51
Homestake 50 00 Standard 3 10
Iron Silver 66 Union Con 13
Mexican 23 Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific 5S
-all loans 4ff4y. West End i<2it
time loans 4@5 Wis Central 19
Stocks,— Bonds—
A T & S F : 2STJ Atehison 4s 100
A T & S F prefd... 72% N E Gas&Coke ss. 70%
American Sugar.. .lo!t*i Mining Shares-
Am Sugar prefd... llo Adventure 4%
Bell Telephone ....310 Allouez Mln C 0.... 2V4
Bos & Alb. ex <1iv.243 lAmalg Copper 06%
Boeton & Maine.. .l 94 ,'Atlantlc ...» 24 ,
Cheo. Bur & Q....130«i (Boston & M0nt.. ..320
Dominion Coal 47 Ltutte & 805t0n.... 76
Dom Coal prefd....lla Calumet & Hecla..74S
Federal Steel 64% ' Centennial 23
Fed Steel prefd 7414 Franklin 16
Fltchburg prefd.. ..132 lOsceola 70
fsen El. ex div 128%|Parrot 51%
Gen Elec prefd ISS Qulncy 139
Ed Elec 111 206 Santa Fe Copper... 6%
Mexican Central... 13% Tamarack 194
N E Gas & Coke... 19% Utah Mining 35
Old Colony 206 IWinona 2%
Old Dominion 19 Wolverines ........ 40
Rubber SO%!
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. J2 50;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $3 2a_93 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $404 25; Cracked \\heat, $3 75;
Farina. $1 60: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50.
Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@7 25; in sacks. $5 73&
7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $o; Green Peas,
$5 50 scr 100 - lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran has at last responded to the light re
ceipts and small stocks, and is higher. Hay
drags along the same.
BRAN-Sl2 Jo@l3 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16#19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS- Rolled Barley. $13@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $265*.; Jobbing,
$27 50S2S- Cocoanut Cake. *2Qfi2l; Corn Meal,
$23 50®24; Cracked Corn, $2tg24 50; Mixed Feed,
$15 SO; Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat. $7(i?3 for common to good;
$9 50 for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat
and Oat. $6 50©9: Oat. ?CB3; Barley. $5@7; Al
falfa. $6<Q7 E0 per ton.
STRAW— 2S@ 35c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are hard to buy. as holders are very
bullish and disinclined to part trith their hold
ings unless at an advance, hence the market,
though stiff, is quiet. Seeds are without change.
BEANS— Bayos. $3«73 2S; small White, IS 25«J
3 DO: large White. $3 20«J3 25; Pinks. «2#2 S3;
Reds. $3 50 3 75: Blackeye. J4 50: Butters, nom
inal: Lima, $5-3; Pea, $3 40<g-3 50; Red Kidneys,
$3 50(34.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. *\i<ii*%c: Flax, $1 90@2 20; Canary,
3y.c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Affalfa. DtnOc; Rape, 2%©3 c; Hemp, 454% c;
Timothy, 4®4%c. '¦•:-•: -•
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 90@2 25; Green. $1 90
©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Dulless still rules In the Potato and Onion
markets.
Asparagus advanced again, but Peas and
Rhubarb were weak under large receipts. Re
ceipts of Mexican Tomatoes were 1136 boxes,
with more expected to-day.
Receipts were 1052 boxes Asparagus, 632 boxes
Rhubarb, 604 sacks Peas and 255 sacks New Po
tatoes.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 65<@75c; River Reds,
nominal; Burbanks, 40ig65c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks, 65c@$l; Sweet Potatoes, $2 35(^2 50
for Merced and $1 25 for Rivers; New Potatoes,
l@l%c.
ONIONS— S2 Eo®2 73 per ctl; Cut Onions. 50c@
$1 ID.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 6oc@sl per box for
fair to good and $1 25@1 50 for fancy; Aspara
gus, $I@l 25 per box for No. 2 and tl 50<Sl 75
for No. 1 and $2Q2 50 for fancy large; Oreen
Peas., 60ct?n50 per eack; String Beans, 6®loc;
Cabbage, 40^50c; Tomatoes, $1 6052; Egg Plant
from Los Angeles, 8@10c; Dried Okra. 32% c per
lb; Garlic. 2%53%c; Green Peppers from Los
Angeles, 25c; Dried Peppers, 8®10c; Carrots, 25
fS5c per sack; LO3 Angeles Summer Squash, $1
1 50 per box.
Poultry and Game.
There Is , not much change In the market.
There Is still some Eastern offering, but not
enough to weaken values, though live Turkeys
are quoted off somewhat.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. S@loc for Gobblers
and 12® 13c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $232 25;
GoFllngs. $2 60©3; Ducks. $! So©s 50 for old and
Ji 50@5 £0 for young; Hens. $3 5085; ¦ Young
Roosters. $6@7; Old Roosters. $3 50ig4: Fryers,
$5 50: Broilers, $4@5 for large and $3@3 50 for
small: Pigeons, $1 75Q2 per dczen for old and
$21/2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits, $I@l 25; Gray
Geese, $202 50; White, 75c; Brant, $1 25@1 50;
Honkers. $3 per dozen; English Snipe, $2 i 033;
Jack Snipe. $1 50.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese.
The downward tendency In Butter continues,
and supplies are free. Cheese remains un
changed.
Fine ranch Eggs bring 15c with the majority
of dealers, though some are storing their sur
plus stocks in order to avoid a glut. The feel-
Ing 1 , however. Is rather steady than otherwise.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, IS@lS%c; seconds,
17<g17%c. • '
Dairy— Fancy, 16%(g17c; good to 'choice, 15*J
16c; common, 14c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 8c; old. 7%c:
Young America. B%@9c; Eastern, 15®16c; West
ern. 13%{J15c per lb.
¦ EGGS — Quoted at 12%@13c for store and 13®
lac E'er dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Seven cars of Oranges were auctioned, as
follows: Fancy Navels, $1 45@2 65; choice do,
$130©2C5; Standard, 90c@$l 50; Malta Bloods,
$1 70.
Large Strawberries continue to arrive Jn poor
condition, as a rule. Fresh Mexican Limes are
expected to-day, and dealers think that prices
will be lower.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—7S@9Oc per box for common. $19
1 BO for enrol to ch«Mc»» and $1 73A1 for fancy.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@7 per chest for large
and $15@20 for small berries.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50@2 75
per box; Seedlings. 75c (25 1 50; Lemons, $181 50
for common and $2@2 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. $3 iO©6; California Llmea. SO©
75c; Bananas. $I@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
$ii/ 5 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, «ff4%c for
40-oCs. 3*i«J4c for SO-fCu. 3%e for »•*»••. J'ie
for 70-SQ\«. 3@3Vic for U-tfs and t\ tar ?»¦
100's: Apricots. U®l2%c for Royal*. tt%9Ue
for Moorparks and 12315% c for ll!euh»;ms:
Peaches. s%<R6c for Standards. C%{j«\e fT
choice and 7iJ|'Sc for fancy: Peeled Pe»c!>*«. 159
12% c; Evaporated Apples, f-U'e: Sun-dried, Mt
SVic per lb; Nectarines, SiiSc: Pears. 3Vi«4%c
for dark and 7^*c for bright halves: Black
Figs, 2@2%c; White Firs, 2©3 c: Bleached
PlumH. B@9c; unbleached Plums. 7fi:7%c for
pitted and l%c for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, Sc; prime, «c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, B%c; choice, 7%c; standard. 6%c;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc: Seedless,
50-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5%c;
3-crown 6Mc; 4-crowr.. 7c: London Layers,
2-crown' $1 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters) $2: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
NUTS— Walnuts. B@9c for standards and
9@loc for softshells; Almonds, 11%<812c for
paper shell. 9(gloc for soft and 4S5c for hard
shell; Peanuts, SSiSWic for Eastern and 5c
for California; Brazil Nuts. 7%®Bc; Filberts.
12@12%c: Pecan*. 11613 c; Coeoanuts. $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. ll%ig'l2c for bright and 10%9
lie for light amber: water white extracted.
<«ic; light amber extracted. 7%57%c; dark.
5%@6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24©26c per lb.
Provisions.
The exnected advance in Lard and Bacou
has occurred. Hams show no chance. The
market Is not active, and the advance is
purely sympathetic with the Western markets.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10% c per lb for
heavy, IOHc for light medium, ll%c for -light,
12Vjc for extra light and 13% c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c: California
Hams nominal: Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra
Mesa 113: Family. $14: extra Prime Pork. $14 50;
extra clear. $17 £0; Mess, $16 50; Smoked Beei,
12%@13c Der !b. ,i ; - ¦'¦
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7®Sc per lb for
rnmpo""<i »•»<• -or o"rp- hal barrels,
pure. S^ic: 10-lb tins. 9Uc; 5-lb tins, 10c. ivi?i
COTTOLENE— Tierces. S®S%c per lb; 10-lb
tins. »%c ' __;
Hides,. TallozvyiVool and Hops.
Prices for all descriptions under this head re
main unchanged.
HIDES AND' SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Stetrs
10c; medium. 9%c; light. 9c; Cowhides, 'jc-
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 9®9%c; Calf. S%<jlOc-
Dry Hldeft. sound. 18p; culls and brands. lie-
Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf. 19c; olie*p
sklns. shearlings. 15«30c each; short Wool. 35«
COc each: medium, 70(ff90c; long Wool. Jl®l 25
each: Horse Hide*, $2 25@2 75 for large and 75c
OJI 75 for email; Colts, 25Sr50c. Deer Skins-
Summer or red skins, 40c; fall or medium Kleins.
35c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat Skins-
Prime Aneoras, 75c; larse and smfoth. .iOc;
medium.- 3oc *
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. s©s»*c per lb; No
2, 4Q4%c: refined. B%c: grease. 2Ji33c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, HiJlSc: Northern defective. ».«
lCc; - Middle County free, 15<gl7c: Middle
County defective. 13i313e; Southern Mountain
12 months*. 12Q14c; do free, 7 months". 12gl5c
do defective. 7 months'. 10@12c: Humboldt and
M*ndncln-«. *?M3:?3c: Nevada. K#l3c per lb.
Jacob Wollner's circular says:
"The arrivals of Wool during the month of
March last year amounted to 5300 bales. This
year they amount to about 1400.
••Shearlng in pretty well over in Kern. Tulare
and Kings. counties'. -but so far only about on*
thousand bales have been sold in those plao»a
at prices ranging • from 12^15c. Some of th»
wools were , contracted for last November and
December. Most of the growers are holding
their Wools waiting for buyers to come, but the
Eastern and local markets are in such a con
dition, being quiet and dull, that buyers do not
know. what to do or what prices to pay.
"Statistically Wool ought to be stronger as
the woolen mills are more actively employed
than for years, but they,, bought such tremen
dous lots of Wool during October and Novem
ber last year that they seem to ha vo enough
raw material on hand without coming Into the
market. Wools are held firm everywhere, so if
the manufacturers have to come into the mar
ket they will have to pay the prices.
.."Prices are nominal, as no sales can be re
ported in thU market."- •
HOPS— 6%&IOc per lb.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quer.tln Bags, $3 65; • Calcutta
Gratr. Bags. 6U@6%c; Wool Bags. 25%532%c;
¦ Fleece Twir.e, 7%e. :
COAL— Some changes appear. Receipts are in-
AVtc York Stock Market.
NEW TtytK. March 3T..-Th* railroads re
tired into the background of the «ork market
to-<iay and fc-ave way to Industrials and speclal-
# t!e*. Sus^r almost outdid its traditional repu
tation for uncertainty 1)}" Fuiidenly retracing
iiß <-ours«- yeet«-rday and mounting well above
yesterday's high point. There was a momen
tary decline cf l»"t<s than a point at the open
ire an<s then a quick rally and the stock never
got bark to last nlßht'b closing level. Twice
«lur;r>K the late dealing* It was 13 points above
the low Jevel In the morning and its net gain
i* l! 1^. The transactions in the stock were
* t-Aormtmti. Its course clearly d?mon*trated a
cynical skept!cl:m on the part of the specu
: iatlve public, regarding the sincerity of the
pessimistic official outgiving which caused ye«
tf-rday's slump in the price of the stock. All
nort* of eensational rumors were afloat re
garding nieiisurrs for compromise of the sugar
trade «ar and there were Intimations that
the cii>f'eition refiners had been emulating the
i-xair.pie of Urn Mrtroiolimn Street Railway ln
ut»*u in the Tl;ir<l Avenue coup by acquiring
fiupar stnrk at the decline. At all events
shorts In the tslook were acutely perturbed and
fcrambl»Hi to obtain utock. The local traction
••toiks furnished the other surprlae in the mar
ket, mift like .Sugar (Vv-Soped aggrexyive
nr«-n?tli in the fae* of had news. The de
mand in this proup undoubtedly came from the
Bhorts. The figures given out from Albany
l»fi night of the valuation placed upon tlie
franchlwn of the New York traction com
panl'-s were ac high an the most extravagant
estimates in Wall street. With the exception
of a preliminary drive which carried the stocks
down frrjm 1% to i point*, the whole proup
r.as r-agerly l«»ught all day. rising well above
last night's figures n.vl not falling far below
that level again. People's Gar and a num
ber of the iron and Mccl stocks by rising
eharply completed the demoralization of
Etrenitth !n the industrial group. The demand
for the rsliroads K?enied to have quieted down
for the time being with the exception of a
fctock here and there in the list which showed
a pood advance. Profit-taking wan the motive
tor the selling. But the pressure upon the
money market Incident to the quarterly settle
ment next week which was manifest in for
eign markets even mere than h:re had lv
LOCAL MARKETS
Local securities continued quiet on the morn
ing session, with very little change Jn quo
tationa. .
In the afternoon the same conditions pre
vailed. There is not much activity in thesa
securities at present.
The oil stocks stood about the same.
The Market-Street Railway Company has
declared a quarterly dividend of 60 cents per
share, payable April 10.
The regular quarterly dividend of 25 cents
per share was paid yesterday by the Parafflne
l'aint Company.
The California quicksilver mining companies
have declared quarterly dividends of W cent*
per share, and extra ones of the same amount,
all payable on April 1. as follows: Aetna.
|2O,0"O: Xapa Consolidated. J20.000; New Idria,
"The" Boston Quicksilver Mining Company,
v-hich paid 10 cents on the 2d of January, hast
passed the dividend for the first quarter.
Coupons on the following bonds will be paid
on Monday:
Coupon. Amount.
Geary-St. Railway $2 JO J18.775
Hawaiian Commercial ........ 2 >*> :!'x£i
Hawaiian Commercial 2 bO £••52°
Los Angeles Railway 2 50 99.925
Northern Railway of Cal 2 i 0 118.773
Omnibus Cabla JM 60.0O)
B. F. and S. J. V. Ry....... 250 U).ono
flcrra Railway '. 3 W 1*.260
S. P. Ry. of Cal.. 19C5-8-12.... | 50 754. 437
S. P. Branch Railway • 00 105.990
Total *U56,t77
In addition there will be the quarterly in
tertst on the original United States 4 per cents,
amounting to J3,45a,432.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. March 3»-: p. m.
B.d.ASK-r B.'».A.«*.
U S Bonds— •
4s quar coup.llSVillo*,
4s do reg IUU"*:*I
4s do cp new..l34i;tt>
Js do coup 1104111%
Miscellaneous—
Cal-st Ca3 55.-H7U —
C C Wat 55....1C6 107
Kd I. * P «s-.l£» — .
F& CIRy 65. .114 —
«Jeary-«t It as. — 95 .
II C <* S 5%5.1<« nr, 1
Do 5* 106 107Vs !
L A Ry 5s 105% —
LAL Co os.. — —
Do cntd «<).. — — I
Do gnld 55... 100 —
Equit G L. Co. 3\ XJj
Mutual El Co. UVs 12
O G L & H-... 4.5% 47
Pac Gas Imp.. — 33
Par X Co — :. ii
S F G & E.... 51% 51H
San Francisco. • 4% Vu
Stkn O«c E Co/A —
Insurance —
FlrenVs Fund.223 —
Hank Ptrwk*—
Angto-Cal Ltd. — - WH
Bank of Ca1...4t0 —
Cal S D 4 T..lOV* —
First National — *3*
Lon P & A. ...133 —
Merchants" Ex 15% —
Continued on Page Eleven.
Foreign Futures.
Bank Clearings.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKIETS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, MARCH 31, 1900.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
v AT 1625 MARKET STREET.
"'',;<. MONT>AY.
MONDAY April 2. at 11 a. m..
I win sell ICO head of First-class Work and
Drivins Horses. Sale positive.
THOS. MADIGAN.
CHICAGO, March 30.— Wheat opened easier
because of lower cables from Liverpool, %©%c
under yesterday, at 66%©66% c. In a short
time the price sank from that to 60% c, where
the report of damage to the French crop made
its habitual appearance and joined with re
ports of a blizzard in Austria and higher prices
In Budapest, caused a reaction . which- sent
May to 67%Jg67',jc. Profit-taking . caused a
reaction to 66>ic, but on the break shorts
covered, taking the cue from the strength of
corn and nearly all ; the slump was recovered,
the market closing strong. May %t(% t (l 1 /bc over
yesterday at 67Vi@67%c. St. Louis covered in
enormous lots and traders who had sold early
also made haste to take back their early
sales, materially aiding ' in the strength and
activity. There was a fair cash demand, but
the car scarcity • interfered with the closing
of many deals. Domestic crop reports were
favorable, as was the weather. Argentine ship
ments while large were no larger than usual
of late.
The corn market was broad and strong,
helped principally by a heavy export demand.
The demand for shipment in April was also
heavy, but the ever-present difficulty in getting
cars Intruded Itself and was an efllcient check
on much business of this sort. Country offer
ings were light and cables lower. May closed
%tiVic over yesterday.
The strength of corn held oats firm. The
trade gradually showed a balance In . favor of
July options. July closed %c improved and
May He up.
Provisions were nervous with fluctuations
wide and the market altogether rather Jerky.
The opening was under yesterday, the con
sideration being lower prices at the yards. A
small dip followed and then the market re
acted. May pork shooting up 30c to $12 97%.
There was a good cash demand, but there was
also considerable profit-taking, which told in
the end, the close being rather heavy. May
pork closed oc under yesterday, May lard 6©
7% c down and May ribs 5c depressed.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
March :... 667 V
May 66S 67H 66% 67%
July 67% 65»4 67* 65%
September 67% 6S 7 /fc 67}» 6S?*
Corn No. X —
March 37%
May 3W* 33T4 33 3ST»
July 3S»i 35% 38V4 39%
September 39% 40 3» 40
Oats No. 2—
May 24%. 24% 24% 24%
July 23% 24% 23% 24%
Mess pork, per bbl —
May 12 62V4 12 97',i 12 60 12 70
July 12 27% 12 45 12 17% 12 25
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 6 45 6 50 6 40 6 42%
July 6 65 6 55 6 E0 6 52%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs— ' ; ¦ _ '
May 6 62% 670 6 62% 665
July 6 £2% 6 57% 6SO 655
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat. 63@66c; No. 2 red,
69@70c; No. 2 corn. 35@33%e; No. 2 oats,'24>jc:
No. 2 white, 27c; No. 3 white. 26%©27 c; No. 2
rye 53*; - No. 2 barley. 40@43c: No. 1 flax
seed $1 63: prime timothy seed. $2 30g2 40;
mess pork, per barrel, $12 05012 50: lard, per 100
pounds, $6 30®6 42%; short ribs sldea (loose).
$6 60Q6 85; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6Vi@
6Hc; short clear sides (boxed), $6 Ss<??7: whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, II 25;
sugars, cut loaf, unchanged; sranulated, un
changed. -*
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 47.000 €6.000
Wheat, bushels 51.000 13 «-°^
Corn, bushels 335.000 363,000
Oat». bushels 237.000 284.000
Rye. bushels 2.000 LOO-)
Barley, bushels 67.0C0 51.0C0
creasing and stocks are growing more liberal.
Wellington. JS per ton; New Wellington.
$8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle. $6 £0;
Bryant. }t>so; Coos Bay $5; Wallsend. IS; Co
operative Wallsend. $S; Cumberland. *12 In bulk
and |13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg, $14; Cannel. |U per ton; Coke. »15 per ton
in bulk and tI7 in sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been five arrivals of Coal from Brit
ish Columbia. 14.363 tons; four from Washing
ton. 11.30t> tons; two from Oregon. 1100 tons: to
tal. 26,763 tons. The quantity of Coal coming
to hand for the past few weeks is serving tt>
make the fuel question easy with large consum
ers, and we can once more breathe freely, as
we have tided over the winter requirements. A
few months ago it was a most serious question
as to whether our receipts would fill our urgent
requirements at that time. The bottom planks
of yards were visible that had not been uncov
ered for years, as all the Coal had been taken
out. Coast Coal carriers were unprocurable,, as
the sailers were diverted from the trade, find
ing more profit by carrying Coal and Lumber
off the coast, steamers had been drafted into
the transport service, and no foreign cargoes
were arriving. The outlook was most discour
aging for our principal consumers, as ihort
stocks usually lead to high prices, especially
when the producers number so few, but singular
to say no advantage was taken of the situation,
and I'alues have not been disturbed. It is evi
dent that for some time to come steamers will
be utilized to transport our Northern output,
hence new names are being added to the list,
and we shall shortly have the yards again ac
cumulating a reserve, which they prudently
aim to l.aye on hand."
RlCE— China mixed, J10C35 13; China No. 1.
$4 25©i TO; extra do. *5©5 30: Hawaiian. $5^3 25;
Japan. !4 70@5; Louisiana, U 50@7.
SLFGAI:— Ihe Western Sugar Kenning Com
pany quotes, per lb in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.60; Powdered.
6.60 c; Candy Granulated. 5.20 c: Dry Granulated.
5.10 c; Confectioners" A, 5.10 c; Magnolia A. 4.70 c;
Extra C. 4 60c: Oolden C. 4.60 c: barrelf. 100
more; ha'f-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more;
cO-lb bass. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnoa,
balf-barreu, 5.85 c; boxes. 6.10 c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
An advance In Hogs Is looked for next week.
receipts being slender.
BEEF— «>4B7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— &£fSc per lb.
MUTTON-Wethers, T^SSc: ewes, 7©7% c per
lb.
LAMB— Springy 9©loc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, s*ic for small and me
dium and 5m 5Hc for larga; stock Hogs and
feeders, aS&Uc dressed Hogs. TjJSVie.
Receipts of Produce. ' .•
FOR FRIDAY. MARCH SO.
Flour, qr sks 29,123,5ugar, sks ...._ S3O
Wheat, ctls 2.950 Lime, bbls 91
Barley, ctls 1,930 Leather, rolls .. 127
Oats, ctls 695. Quicksilver, flsks 3t
Corn. East. ctls.. 600: Eggs. doz 23.740
Corn, ctls 530 Wine, ga!s 21.000
Cheese, ctls HOPelts. bndls ISO
Butter, ctls 470 Hides. No 277
Beans, sks 1.M3.W001. bags 313
Potatoes, sks 2,043!5traw. tons ...... 5
Bran, sks 83 Hay, tons ICS
Middlings, sks .. 50 ¦
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks ._ 279
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak; creamery. 19@12c: dairy,
16fi21c. Cheese, firm, 12<gl3c. Eggs, steady,
10%e.
NEW YORK, March 30.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: It has been a quiet week In dis
tributive trade, except at some few Western
centers, this being especially true of the dry
goods business. '.Wholesale trade in this line
has been generally completed and pending the
effect of spring demand upon the retail trade
the markets are In a waiting stage. As re
gards prices the feature of the week has been
the strength 'manifested by agricultural prod
ucts and provisions. The advances in the lat
ter, in fact, are regarded as foreshadowing an
upward movement in hog products, long pre
dicted, but only partially realized. Numerous
advances In wages have still further advanced
the purchasing power of the community. Dis
quieting advices as to the international compli
cations and less favorable French crop reports
have furnished the basis for a slight upward
movement in wheat. Winter wheat crop ad
vices have been on the whole good, and have
acted as a balance to the stories of French
damage. Corn has been strong in sympathy
with wheat and some renewal of foreign buy
ing, aided by unsatisfactory advices as to the
quality of new arrivals.
Alone of the agricultural staples cotton has
weakened during the week, not because of any
Impairment of the statistical position, which.
Indeed, remains very strong, but really because
some speculative holders have got tired and
have given ear to reports of dullness in the
cotton goods demand. New business In this
latter line Is undoubtedly quiet, but most of
the mills are heavily sold ahead and finished
products have not advanced proportionately as
much as the ; cruder forms. Wool has been
more active, but considerable business has
been done at concessions. The demoralization
In the sugar market is clearly confined to the
refining branch, because while quotations of
the finished products have been lowered the
heavy refiners have been large buyers and raw
sugar has actually advanced, the result being
a stull further shrinkage in the margin of
profit in reflnins.
The recent advance In leather has tended to
restrict new business, but advices from the
boot and shoe industry are on the whole fa
vorable. There has been some accumulation
of stocks of lumber and talk of overproduction
in some States of the South, but price weak
ness !s not notable. Manufacturers and Job
bers in carpets and upholstery report a heavy
season's business booked.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 2.963.349 bushels, against 2.293.
435 last week, 3.955.235 In the corresponding
week of 1?99, 3.550,664 In IS9S. 2.464,645 In 1597
and 1.693.J27 in 1595. Since July 1, this season,
the exports of wheat aggregate 147,172,630 bush
els, against 154,9Gi),740 last year and 150.067,552
In I£9'-9S.
Business failures In the United States for the
week number 178, as compared with 192 last
week, 190 in this week a year ago, 226 In IS9S,
212 In 1897 and 226 In 1896.
Business failures in the Dominion of Canada
for the week number 25. as against 23 last week.
33 in this week a year ago, 39 In IS9S. 3S In
1597 and 43 In 1596.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Butter is still cheaper. Tiers la little ehang*
In Cheese and Egi,s, both being In Terr larg*
supply.
Fruits and Vegetables remain aboat as be
fore, with tha exception of Strawberries, which
are in better supply and somewhat cheaper.
Summer Vegetables are plentiful.
There Is no particular change In Meats and
Poultry. The former are still high, but are.
slowly cheapening. Mutton and Lamb In parti
cular, while supplies of the latter ax* sufficient.
Coal, per ton—
Cannel $ ©13 09 Seattle ........ W Bff»
Wellington .. ©10 00 Southfleld
New Welling- Wellington .. » »
ton ©10 00 Coos 8ay..... —©7 sft
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, per 5qr...40@45 Ranch Eggs, per
Do. per roll 33^- dozen 15£3>
Cheese. Cal 10@12 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern. ..lT'a'2) pound 12? 15
Cheese, Swiss 20035 Do, extracted...— .©lll
Common Eggs 15®—
Meats, per It) —
Bacon 12317. Pork, fresh 15©21>
Beef, choice 13'©20 Pork. 5a1t..........12'j15
Do. good 10^15 Pork Ch0p5.. ...... 151£1*
Corned Beef — <310 Round Stealc 10^12
Ham. Cal IS® — :£lrioin Stealc 15® —
Do. Eastern. .. 17%'&— [Porterhouse do.._2CKff^>
I^ir.l 12313 Smoked Beef 12#15
Mutton 123?15!P0rk Sausages. .l3%§2O
Spring Lamb 15@— iVeal 15© —
Toultry and Game —
Urns each 60<gS5 1 Geese, each. ..ll ZS&X SO
Young Roosters. Pigeons., pair 4OaSo>
each 73@90 Rabbits, pair 4<K<J5O
Old Roosters. ea..6s<6?7siHare. each — ©3>
Fryers, each 65@73!W11d Geese. pair..4O>g6O
nrollers. each 50<g60:Enslish Snip*.
Turkeys, per 1t>...15&2'J| per dozen $3 O&JJ3 15
Ducks, each 60®T5iJack Snipe.... 1 75£2 00
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, per 1b.. 15^20 Limes, per d0ren.12315
Apples 3f/ 9 Raisins, per 1b.... 6©li>
Bananas, dozen.. .lo-315 Strawberries, per
Oranges, d0zen.. ..10&351 drawer 50c©$l 25
Lemons, dozen. ...lo^2o: Walnuts, per 1b...— ©15
Vegetables—
Artichokes. d0z... 2&353; Onions, per 1b.... Sf 5
Asparagus, per lb. 4©lo'Oicra. dry, per lb.— QoO
Beets, dozen 12®15 Peppers, green. 1b.25^3>»
Beans, white, lb.. 6© — ; Potatoes, per lb.. 3-9 5
Colored per lb.. *@ s 'Sweet Potatoes.... 4*§ 5
Lima, per lb — <* 8! Parsnips, per do«.lS<tf—
Cabbage, each 5® 10 Rhubarb, per lb.. *tf «
Cauliflowers, each 5W10; Radishes, dz bchs. 10^13
Celery, bunch 5<8 — Sage, doz bnchs..2stf&>
Cress, doz bnchs..2o@33!Strtng Beans, lb.. 10(915
Cucumbers, per dz.»l'S2;Sumnier Squash.
Egg Plant, lb 15<820 per pound tQYi
Green Peas. 1b.... 3<9 5 Thyme, per 1b....20^W
Lentils, per 1b.... 6*9 8 Turnips, per doa.. Wgtf
Lettuce, per doz.. ls®— Tomatoes, per lb. 10315
Barracuda 20® — [Shrimps — ©—
Carp 12®— 'Shad 12^15
Codfish ...-4J15 Sea Bass — ©—
Flounders 1253— Smelts 15«—
Halibut IS@— Soles U©—
Herring 12"®— Skates, each l'^l2
Klnsflsh — <gls)Tomcod li®—
Mackerel — B— iCiams. gallon SO©—
Do Horse — @— I Do hardshell. ICO. 4'V£sO
p er ch 15^20'Crabs, each livgis
Pompano — © — I Do sottshell. di.23.fX".
Rockflsh 15/g— iMussels. quart VVfjiS
Salmon, fresh ISfl 20 Oysters. Cal. 1C0.. 41*951
Do. smoked — ©20 Do Eastern, doz.lijrw
LIVERPOOL.
"Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening 6 9H 5 9%
Closing 5% 6 9U
PARIS.
"Wheat— Mar. May-Aug.
Opening 20 40 21 CO
Closing 20 4o 20 9o
Flour —
Opening ?26 63 27 40
Closing 26 SO 27 35
Chicago Livestock Market. '
CHICAGO. March 30.— CATTLE — necelpts,
4300; steers average fully 10c lower than yester
day, but choice stock Is steady; best on sale
to-day. $5 55. Natives— Good to prime steers,
$4 9CKgS 75; poor to medium, $45? 4 63; selected
feeders, steady, $4@l 75; mixed stockers about
steady, $3 4003 P0; cows, steady, $3@4 30; heif
ers, steady. $3 Lj<&4 SO; canners. slow. $2@2 75;
bulls, steady. $2 sOji4 15; calves, unchanged,
14 50<53 75. Texans— Best on sale to-day, two
cars. $4 15; Texas fed steers. 5c to 10c lower,
$3 So@4 93: Texas bulls, steady, S3 20@3 60.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 20.0C0; left over, es
timated, 2500; generally 3c lower: top. $5 52%.
Mixed and butchers". $5 15(83 47>4; cood to
choice heavy,- $5 30©5 52%: rough, heavy, $5 13
ff?s 25; light, $5 10@5 37%; bulk of sales, Jo 30®
5 40. •
SHEEP— Receipts, 7000; sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $> 85@6 25;
fair to choice mixed, $4 S3©s 90: Westerns,
sheep, $5 75(?JS 25; yearlings, W^ 75: native
lambs, {5 GOQ7 35; Western lambs, $6<&7 So.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, March 30.— Exchanges, $313,926;
balances. $39,833.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. *
PORTLAND. March 30.— The Portland wheat
market showed but flight change to-day. Walla
Walla was steady at 53®54c. with the usual re
ports of fancy bidding In the interior, some re
ports giving the figures up to .55c. Valley is
steady at 53©54 c.
Cleared— Ship Isle of Arran, for Quecnstown,
with 112,655 bushels wheat.
.WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 30.— The wheat market was
steady to-dny. but there was nothing doing.
Bluestem. 52% c; club. EO%c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 30.— Consols, 101 5-16; silver,
27>Ad; French rentes, lOlf 30c; cargoes en pas
sage, near positions In demand; cargoes Walla
Walla. 2Ss 3d: English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. March 30.— Wheat, firm: wheat
In Paris, steady: flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 6=iid.
CLOSING.
"WHEAT — Spot, nominal. Futures — Steady;
May. 5s !>»id: July, Cs 9>,id.
CORN— Spot — American mixed new, steady,
4s; American mixed old. firm. 4s \d. Futures —
Quiet; May. 4s V*d; July. Ss ll%d.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
8
Bradstreet's on Trade.
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
Family Retail Market.
THE STOCK MARKETRESCUES TWO BOYS
FROM BURNING BED
POSTUM CEREAI*
COFFEE HEADACHES.
17 Years' Experience.
"When Postum Cereal Coffee first
came out, I was glad to begin the use
of it and stop coffee, for I had lone been
:onvinced that my sick headaches (from
tvhich I had suffered for 17 years) were
caused more or less by coffec-drinkinK.
The hea-lachcs vanished like masric afte-
the use of Postum was beßrun. and I can
truthfully say that the first box of
Postum Cereal Coffee did me more
good than all the headache powders and
other cures for that disease that I had
taken throughout the whole 17 years of
suffering.
'Naturally. I am absolutely certain
¦ that my headaches resulted directly
from ihe use of r ofTee. You can use
my testimonial, hat please do not
use my name in public." Mrs. '
Indianapolis, Ind. Name can be fur-
nished by Postum Cereal Co.. Ltd.. Bat-
tle Creek. Mich
THAT the civil service provision in the new charter Is far
reaching was demonstrated last nieht when an exami
% . nation for the responsible position of sewer cleaner was
held under the auspices of the Civil Service Commission.
The new municipal administration is bent on applying the
civil service test to each and every employe under Its imme
diate control, and to the eyes of the uninitiated this would ap
pear to mean that political considerations in appointments have
been oast to the winds. Time will, however, very likely tell a
v«*ry different taae and the truth of the biblical Injunction,
"The first shall be last and the last shall be first," will un
doubtedly be verified in selecting names from the eligible list.
Last night Commissioner McCarthy personally conducted the
examination of 130 applicants for positions as sewer cleaners.
He was assisted by Chairman Freud, who took copious notes,
and Commissioner Quinn, who did nothing but look wise. The
commission was reinforced by a board of examiners consisting
of W. F. Crotty and O. A. Tveltmore, who are experienced ce
ment workers, and W. J. McGowan, a master plumber, whose
duty it was to pass, on the physical qualifications of the ap
plicants.
Chairman Moran assembled the applicants In the office of
the Superintendent of Streets, the overflow being diverted into
the assembly room of the Board of Health. Two stalwart po-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PAWNS DIVORCE
PAPERS TO BUY
FIERY LIQUOR
J. Barleycorn Debow's Thirst
• Seriously Deranges
His Compass.
¦ ?
Sundry Barkeeps in Alameda Sepa-
rate Him From Much Coin and
More Jewelry and Trouble
Ensues.
ALAMEDA, March SO.— J. Barleycorn
Debow, a San Francisco attorney, to-day
accomplished the unprecedented feat of
prevailing upon a conscienceless "barkeep"
to part with one dollar's worth of fiery
liquor In exchange for a bundle of divorce
papers, which he came all the way across
the bay to file. The "soaked" papers are
an Important part Incident in the troubles
of a Berkeley family, being the complaint
in the suit for divorce of Edson versus
Edson.
The original destination of Mr. Debow
was the County Clerk's ofnee. But in his
journey across the bay he acquired a
package," and an enterprising barkeeper
on the ferryboat separated him from most
of his small change. His compass became
deranged by the time he landed at the
narrow gauge mole, and instead of going
to Oakland he found his way to Alameda.
On the streets of this quiet town he bois
terously proclaimed his intention to file
his papers with Justice of the Peace Morris.
But Justice Morris' courtroom is located
too far away from the cocktail route, and
Mr. Debow never touched him. By the
time he tore himself away from the first
hostelry on the route his small change had
become exhausted. Then he began to feel
the burden of too much jewelry, and be
fore long he had succeeded in stripping
himself of all he possessed In that line.
Including aluminum rings, electric dia
monds, celluloid cuff buttons, a nickel
plated watch and a pair of eyeglasses,
giving them in exchange for fiery liquor.
At last Mr. Debow was down to cases.
He had nothing more to part with except
a bundle of divorce documents, and still
his thirst was unquenched. He adopted
persuasive measures. Would the barkeep
er advance him the drinks on the legal
papers? He pleaded with all the eloquence
at his command. His pathetic words did
not fall upon deaf ears, and soon his sad
story of an unsatiated thirst won him the
day. The "barkeep" took the proffered
papers and handed out liquor to the
amount of $1. After that Mr. Debow be
came obnoxious, and soon he came to
grief by running Into the arms of a minion
of the law.
Now Mr. Debow unwillingly languishes
in the City Jail, while the precious docu
ments which were destined to part a war
ring couple are securely locked In the
trunk of a conscienceless "barkeep." And
until Mr. Debow digs up the sum of $1 and
takes the goods out of "soak" a warring
couple in Berkeley will continue to war.
Teeth Made From Paper.
Te«th of papier mache are the latest In den
tistry. : By a peculiar process they are rendered
better . than any other material. Paper teeth
may be , fine, but "we '/will venture that most
people prefer their own, and this may best be
accomplished by keeping . the V stomach ' healthy
with* Hoßtetter'B ' Stomach ; Bitters. The condi
tion of the stomach invariably affects the
teeth. .The Bitten will strengthen your atom-
Ach. cure di'sseoaia and bUiouaneaa.
Official Grade of Sixth Street.
A committee of property owners visited
the Board of Public Works yesterday to
request the co-operation of that body
with the Board of Supervisors in fixing a
uniform grade on Sixth street, between
Folsom and Bryant. The committee re
ferred to the deplorable condition of tho
street and made an urgent plea for relief
Supervisor Maguire Informed the com
mittee that the City Attorney had ren
dered an opinion that the only legal grade
was the one adopted In 1806. City En
gineer Grunsky stated that the street car
company had built its tracks on that
grade. ,
The only remedy lies In th« raising of
tho houses to conform to the grade as
established In 18C6. The city will no doubt
perform the necessary street work, . but
the board held that on account of.lnsuf
ficient funds It could not be done at pres
ent.
by the Bakars. She was in the kitchen
preparing breakfast, Bakar and Miclo
having gone to the shop. Suddenly a
cloud of smoke burst upon the girl, who
ran into a hallway, only to be driven back
by the thick, black mass. Mrs. Bakar was
In another room, and the two women gave
the alarm of fire, which attracted the men
next door. .MJclo was first to the house.
"Save the children," cried the, women.
Without hesitating ' the young man
rushed through the house to the chlldrens*
bedroom and burst open the door. The
suffocating clouds of. smoke drove him
back. A second time he presspd in, driven
to -desperation by the crackling flames,
and this time he succeeded In reaching the
bedside in which slept the two boys. '
The fire threatened to destroy. the house,
but the place was saved by prompt work
of the firemen. What caused the blaze
could not be; explained by the- family.
The fire started near the bed, as the con
dition of ¦¦ the burned; mattress" indicated.'
It is supposed that a lighted candle used
by one of the children had tipped over and
had started a smoldering fire in the bed
clothing; which did not break out seriously
until, hours after it caught.
v> Max. Bakar s is' nine i years old and' his
brother is only three years of age. Their
rescuer was ? uninjured; save for V some
slight choking from the smoke he Inhaled.
OAKLAND, March 80.— Unconscious
from smoko suffocation and In deadly
peril of being burnedto death, Max
Bakar and George Bakar, young
children of Peter : Bakar, ' were dragged
from a blazing bed at their home, 317
Fifth street, this morning. That the lit
tle fellows were not cremated was the re
sult of daring work on the part of Joseph
Mlclo, a young butcher employed by
Bakar In his shop adjoining the residence.
Through flame and smoke which. almost
overpowered him the youth fought - his
way to the sleeping children and dragged
both of them to a place of Bafety.V
The little fellows were nearly dead when
rescued. -and only after several hours of
hard work did the physicians who : were
called manage to resuscitate them.
The boys were found in the nick of time.
When young Miclo broke Into the blazing
chamber the lads' bed . was • hidden :In
blinding smoke , arid the mattress was
smoldering In slow fire, which broke into
flames just as the young man had dragged
the boys' out. He was obliged to drop on
the floor to save himself and literally haul
the limp forms of the children out of the
densely clouded- room. v i**-- ,- v , ¦> •
The fire was discovered about 6 o'clock
by Maggie Madden, a domestic employed
Assaulted With a Hatchet.
Frank Navarro, an ex-Jockey, struck
Frank Robles over the head with a
hatchet last nl*cht and inflicted injuries
that may result fatally. The assault re
sulted from a quarrel in a saloon on Pow
ell street, between Broadway and Vallejo.
Robles was sent to the Receiving Hospi
tal for treatment and Navarro was ar
rested and charged with assault to mur
der at the California-street Station.
Died in the Patrol Wagon.
George Hartwell, a carpenter, while at
work on a building -at View avenue and
Elizabeth street fell from a scaffolding
yesterday and received injuries which
caused his death while on the way to the
City and County Hospital In the patrol
wagon from the Seventeenth-street sta
tion. Hartwell's misfortunes date back
Just one month ago, when, while at work
on his house at. 436 Athens street, which
he had finished, was burned down. At the
time of tho destruction of this house his
vest, which was hanging on a nail and
contained $114 and a gold watch and
chain, was lost, besides the house, which
was partly insured, for $SOO.
Government Contracts Opposed.
At a meeting of the San Francisco La
3or Council last night Frank Roney, pres
ident of the V:.!lejo Trades Council, ad-
Jresf^d the mating on the question of
urging the Representatives to Congress to
nave all Government tfork done by the
government its<lf. Instead of by contract
as is now the case.
A circular lett»r from Cloud City CColo.)
Minors* L'nion No. 23 was received, in
which the HcqUsition of the Philippine
Islands, r,r the admission of Cuba to the
I'nitr-d States, :s opposed on the ground
ihat the laws restricting the Importation
:if contract labor from foreign lands
n-ould thereby !•«• nullified.
X- A. LundKtr^m, a local hat manufac
turer, and John IJ. Guttman. a hat dealer,
-!otln>d the Cou: rll that they had discon
'.ir.ued dealing with the boycotted firm of
}*-org & Co. of Buffalo, N. Y. A communi
ration from Chicago from the labor unions
tow on a Ftrike asking for financial aid
R - as favorably received and assistance
prnmJped. Twenty dollars was voted to
help the Temple project.
CHARTER DID NOT ALTER
SCHOOL BOARD STATUS
By sustaining a demurrer Judge Sea well
yesterday practically granted the Board
of Education the right to proceed and try
the charges against E. C. Kilpatrick,
principal of the Business Evening School.
Kilpatrick Bued to restrain the board from
hearing the charges against him on the
ground that they were preferred during
the term In office of the last board, and
that the new board was not a continuance
of the old one, as the charter governs the
present body. Judge Seawell held a con
trary opinion, and hence sustained a de
murrer interposed by City and County
Attorney Lane to Kilpatrick's petition for
a writ of prohibition.
DRANK WOOD ALCOHOL
WITH FATAL RESULTS
Miss Irene Danforth Mistook the Poi
son for Gin and Died After
Drinking It.
Mifs Irene Druiforth, the. only daughter
;f Frederick Dinforth. clerk in the mar
•iajre license d'-partment In the City Hall,
3ied yr-sterday morning from the effects
Df a potion of vood alcohol taken by the
leccMed by mbtake. Miss Danforth was
'Hz^d with cramps last Tuesday evening,
ird took from a shelf a bottle which she
?;:pposed contemned gin, but which con
:asr.f-d instead xood alcohol for cleaning
9".irp"SPs. After mwajlowing the poison
«he was thrown into convulsions, and Dr.
Bunr.cll was st.it for. Antidotes were
administered, ar.d on Thursday she ap
orared -to be r< covering, but a relapse
fame early yeserday morning and she
3ifd at 7 o'clock.. Coroner Cole allowr-d
the body to remain at the family rfsi-
J**nre. 2535 A California street. An inquest
will be held to-day. The unfortunate
,oung woman xas in her twenty-flrst
rear.
CHINESE BUTLER THE
VICTIM OF FOOTPADS
Ah Hong Held Up by Highbinders
and Robbed of Gold Watch
and Money.
Ah Hong, butler for Mrs. W. C. Talbot,
1730 Jackson street, and Ah Jim, who does
the laundry work, went to the Chinese
Theater Thursday night. They started
on their way home shortly after 11 o'clock
and at the corner of Jackson and Stock
ton streets four highbinders held Ah Hong
up. One of them had a revolver, and when
Ah Jim saw it he gave a yell and rushed
along Stockton street, making his escape.
Ah Hong was held down by three of the
robbers while the fourth went through his
pockets, taking $21 and his gold watch.
Ah Hong called at police Headquarters
yesterday and reported the robbery. He
knew ona of ihe robbers, Wong Ling, but
the other three were strangers to him.
He was instructed to swear out warrants
for their arrest, and he did so before
Judge Cabaniss.
GRAVE CHARGES AGAINST
PALO ALTO OFFICIALS
Accused of Being Parties to the Bold
Abduction of a Chinese
Girl.
Special IMspatch to The Call. .':?_' :., V.
PALO ALTO, March 30.— The quiet town
of Palo Alto Is thoroughly aroused and
Indignant over what seems th© complicity
of some of her prominent citizens In an
infamous Chinese abduction case. The
fact that the whole proceedings were
planned and executed under cover of
darkness lends a distinct color of truth
to substantiate their suspicions. As mat
ters stand Justice of the Peace E. G.
Dyer and Night Watchman Dunsmore of
Palo Alto and Deputy Constable' Harris
of San Jose are accused of the most gross
maltreatment of Justice.
The facts appear as follows: On the
27th lnst. a warrant charging one Kirn
Guey with petty larceny was issued in
Palo Alto by Justice Dyer. This warrant
was put In the hands of a San Jose dep
uty for service. , ¦
According to the statement made by
Miss Cameron the girl, who Is known to
her 'as Kum Foong, was arrested at the
mission in San Francisco and taken to
Palo Alto. She accompanied the girl to
the prison, but early in the morning Kum
Foong was taken from her. Miss Cam
eron was afterward Informed that the
Chinese girl was haled Into court at 2
o'clock in the morning, pleaded guilty,
was fined $5 and was taken away by
some Chinese, presumably to be returned
to the life from which she was rescued.
Judge Dyer says he did not consider
the holding of the court at such an hour
an Irregular proceeding, and was unaware
of the fact that Miss Cameron was not
informed of the trial. Palo Alto citizens
do not consider the matter so lightly,
and will probe the affair to the bottom.
It appears that a tlmilar case came up
In Palo Alto, about a year ago, when
practically the same parties were Impli
cated.
PEACOCK ARRIVES AT
HIS JOURNEY'S END
Made the Trip From Los Angeles to
Pittsburg in Seventy-Two and
a Half Hours.
PITTSBURG, March 30.— A. R. Peacock,
vice president of the Carnegie Steel Com
pany, who made the record-breaking trip
across the continent, arrived here to-night
on the regular Pittsburg, Fort Wayne and
Chicago train from Chicago. He gave up
the special train at Chicago and conse
quently made slower; time between that
city and this, but his entire Journey from
Los Angeles to this city occupied but sev
enty-two hours and thirty minutes.
HARVARD ORATORS WIN.
Tale Representatives Defeated in the
Annual Debate.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. March 30.—Har
vnrd won the annual debate with Tale to
night, the question being, "Resolved, that
Porto Rico should be Included In the cus
toms boundaries of the United States."
Harvard had the affirmative side of the
question. •¦¦;;;¦"' ' ¦
Harvard was represented by Wilbur
Morse of Philadelphia^Ellas Mayer of
Chicago and Harry A. Yeomans of Spo
kane, Wash., Yale's speakers were Mason
Trowbridge of Chicago, Ashley D. Leavitt
of Melrose, Mass., and Ferdinand Blanch
ard of, Newton, Mass. .
COATS REFUSED TO
MARRY MISS SCOTT
Young Man Detained by Tacoma Po
lice, but Released in the Ab
sence of a Warrant.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, March 30.— Pretty 16-year-old
Rosa Scott of San Francisco met Lee D.
Coats of Fresno last January and loved
him not wisely but too well. To-day Coats
was arrested by the Tacoma police and
detained half an hour, while Rosa and
her father begged him to marry her. An
offer of a good home in San Francisco
and a monthly income of $100 failed to
move him. A warrant for his arrest was
Issued several days ago at Portland. It
having failed to arrive the police did not
hold Coats and he was released. Scott
and his daughter left to-night for Seattle,
whence they will return to San Francisco.
The girl's father is W. E. Stowe Scott,
proprietor of the Lawrenceton Hotel in
San Francisco. He came north In Jan
uary, accompanied by his daughter. At
Sacramento Coats boarded the train and
he and Rosa became lovers. When Mr.
Scott learned of his daughter's relations
with Coats he went to Fresno, where
Coats' father Is the owner of the Fresno
Flouring Mills. Receiving little satisfac
tion there, Scott and daughter started out
on young Coats' trail, iinally catching him
here to-day.
At the police station Rosa told Coats she
still loved him. His reply was that he
had no intention of marrying her. Scott
tried to impress upon him the wrong he
had done his daughter and made two dis
tinct propositions of marriage. The first
was that if Coats would marry her, Scott
would fit them up in a good home In San
Francisco, furnishing it with a piano and
other accessories and give them $100 a
month to live upon. His second offer was
to pay the expenses of a divorce at the
end of a few months, if Coats would be
come her husband. Coats declined to dis
cuss the matter and called in an attorney,
who accompanied him away from jail.
Will Address Convicts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, March 30.—
Mrs. Maud Ballington Booth will hold a
service here next Sunday morning. The
convict band will assist, and a number of
converts to the already large ranks of
tne convict Salvationists Is expected.
SHIPYARD AND DRYDOCKS
ARE TO BE BUILT
OAKLAND, March 80.— A new shipyard,
which will be an Important factor In the
commercial life of the city, Is to be es
tablished on the water front by "W. A.
Boole & Son, the shipping agents, of San
Francisco. The firm has leased a piece of
property on the water front at the foot
of Adeline street. Just east of the wharves
that are being erected by Balfour, Guthrie
& Co., from the Oakland Water Front
Company.
It Is proposed to erect three marine
ways, one to accommodate vessels of less
than 1600 tons burden, one to accomodate
vessels of less than 25M tons burden and
the third to accommodate those of less
than 8000 tons burden. A drydock, 100 feet
wide and 800 feet long, will be built to ac
commodate the largest shlp3 afloat. There
will also be two wharves, each 50x230 feet,
built out to the channel in the estuary-
The firm has secured an option on four
teen acres of land south or the railroad
tracks, between Adeline and Peralta
streets, which belongs to the Crocker
estate, and It Is the Intention to ultimate
ly utilize this for warehouse purposes.
TROOPS ARE POURING
INTO SEBASTOPOL
Bank and File Believe Turkey Is to
Be Brought to Terms by
LONDON. March 30.— The Sebastopol
correspondent of the Dally Graphic says:
"War alarms fill the navy headquarters
here. The whole Euxine squadron Is fully
equipped for instant service. Troops with
full war kits are daily arriving from the
Interior. The garrison will soon be a
powerful army corps.
'••i hero is much excitement among the
staffs of both services, and all the talk
is of bringing Turkey- to her senses by
forcible measures."
The Times has the following from Seoul,
capital of Korea:
"M. Pavloft, the Russian Minister, re
cently demanded from Korea the cession
oi a coaling station to a Russian steam
ship company at Ai«.inson Point, com
manding Masampho harbor, and, to pre
vent a counter claim by Japan of the
neighboring area, he demanded that
Korea should not alienate in any form any
portion of Kojedo Island to any other
power.
"Yesterday, at an imperial audience, for
reasons not given, but surmised, M. Pav
loff modlned his orierinal demand, asking
instead of Atkinson Point another site
within the treaty limits of Masampho.
This demand is unobjectionable. At the
same time, however, he insisted .on the
non-alienation of Kojedo. His action In
dicates that Russia claims the reversion
of this Island, which Is of high strategical
value, as commanding the Korean straits,
and it Is bound to provoke Japanese op
position."
KILLED HER HUSBAND.
Xeadville Woman Claims She Shot
in Self -Defense.
LEADVILiLE. Colo., March 30.—Ex-Al
derman Charles Joy was shot and fatally
wounded by his wife early this morning.
The woman says that her husband, who
was Intoxicated, drew a revolver and was
about to fire at her when she picked up
a revolver and fired three shots at him.
one of which penetrated the stomach. Joy
recently returned from the Klondike.
m
NOT GIVING REWARDS
FOR CONFESSIONS
Alleged Accessories in the Goebel
Killing Will Receive Nothing
From the State.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. March 30,-Ex-
Chief Justice James H. Lewla, chairman
of the committee selected by the Legisla
ture to have charge of the Goebel reward
fund, to-day made the following state
ment concerning th« story sent out from
Winchester yesterday that Attorney
James A. Scott had; proposed to the rela
tives of H. F. Toutsey to give him a portion
of the reward money for a confession of
the details of the conspiracy to assassin
ate Governor Goebel:
The money appropriated by th<» Leirislature
to be used in running down the assassins of
Governor Goebel and bringing them to justice
will be distributed as provided at the first
meeting of the Reward Commission, so much
for the assassin and so much for the convic
tion of each accessory. Th» preliminary work
Is In the hands of Commonwealth Attorney
Franklin, and no private citizen ha» authoriza
tion from Franklin or the commute* to offer
rewards for the confessions of alleged acces
sories. Not a cent of the lioo.ono haa yet be«>n
spent, and I think you can safely say that not
a dollar of it will be paid for confessions.
BEATTTVILLE. March 30.— ••Tallow-
Dick" Coombs, charsred with complicity
In the Goebel assassination, has been re
leased on a writ of habeas corpus. The
case will be heard before the County
Judge next Monday. The county officials
refuse to give Coombs up to Clark County
officials.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, March 30.— Governor
Nash to-day refused to honor a requisi
tion by Governor Taylor of Kentucky.
Governor Nash says he will not honor a
requisition from either Beckham or Tay
lor, but It each Issues a requisition for
the same man on like grounds he will
sign the necessary papers.
FIXING THE PASSENGER
LIST FOR THE GRANT
More Acting Assistant Surgeons to
Go Out — Boards of Officers to
Investigate.
Orders regarding the passenger list of
the transport Grant continue to pile up
it headquarters. Yesterday orders for
mother lot of acting assistant surgeons
were handed down, and among them was
jne whir), places First Lieutenant Doug
ass F. Duval: assistant surgeon, in com
mand of all things medical on the trans
port durii ? her outward voyage.
The [oil wing acting assistant surgeons
ire amor.X the elect for the Grant: Frank
C i'.;iker, Caspar R. Byars, Robert M.
rhornbou^h, Richard M. English. Luther
P. HoweiL. Conn It. Oblsritr and Edwin M.
Tronic These are in addition to as great
i iium'.^r v.ho were assigned to the trans
port by orders of Thursday. Most of those
ii-signf-d are new arrivals from the East,
ird a great many of th?m are surgeons
ibsolately new to army work.
.Captain Charles D. Palmer, assistant
juanermaster. under orders for special
loty in th« .-;;=:.... will also bo on the
"Jrant.
Upon the request of Captain P. L. Miles.
juanermasTer and commissary of the
:rai;pport Warren, a board consisting of
Major Hugh J. Gallagher, commissary of
(Übslstence; Major Frank Greene, signal
ifficr, and Captain U. G. McAlerander,
Thirteenth Infantry, has been appointed
:o fix the responsibility for the loss of
several thousand pounds of flour and sev
;ral thousand cans of tomatoes which are
;aid to: be »:r.fit for use. They made up
jart of the I'Ft carjro of the Warren and
*-<re found dimagf-d when she arrived at
:he Islands.
A board of officers consisting- of Cap
:ain C. A. B-nnett. Third Artillery; First
Lieutenant "">*. S. .McXair, Third Artil
ny; nr.d Se<ond Lieutenant R. P. Brew
*r. Third Ari!!lery. has been appointed to
-xatnlre ir.tr. the qualifications of Corpo
•al William P. McCann. Battery I. Third
irtnierjr, fo r appointment as electrician
s.Tgeant.
WOMEN STAND THE TEST
BETTER THAN THE MEN
Result of Civil Service Examination
for Copyists Announced by
the Commission.
The Municipal Civil Service Commission
yesterday announced the names of those
; who passed the recent examination for
: copyists under the city government, and
the interesting fact is disclosed that the
women who competed stood the test bet
ter than the men. Out of 460 competitors
only 1M were successful, of which 102 are
women and 79 men. Out of the 36 highest
23 belong to the fair and 19 to the sterner
sex. The failure of the other 279 is at
tributed to defective handwriting. Any
one who did not get 75 per cent in that
branch was eliminated from the list.
The fact that so many women are now
on the eligible list revives the announced
Intention of Recorder Godchaux that he
will have no female copyists in his office.
He says that he will avoid that possibility
by making a requisition for twenty male
copyists, to which he is entitled. As the
law holds that each selection must be
made from the highest three the commis
sion will hold a special meeting to con
sider the matter.
The first requisition under the new order
of things was made yesterday afternoon
by County Clerk Deana. who asked for
on« <?opyii<t. Secretary Moran according
ly tent 'him the names of the first three
on the *-ligible list, from whom he will
select one for the position.
The list, in which the figures represent
the standing of the contestant, is as fol
lows:
Marj* Willis 35.55, John C. Flood 97.75, Annie
E. Alderson 95.85, Maude A. Woodin 94.65, Mark
Bartlm 54.5, -Margaret L. FMtrKan 94.3, Marie
A. Buckley 94.2. Leo de Cardona 53.i5. James
F. Lane 93.55. Gertrude Hlrsch 93.35. Charlotte
M. Gilmore 92.9 <a). Margaret T. Moroney 92.9
<b), Herman Zimmerman 92.5. Amy U. Wells
?2.7, Edwin It. Zion 52.4. Joseph P. Hayes 92.2
la), Lizzie Fotheringham 92.2 (b), Carl F. Ja
cobson 91.95, Charles A. Sandegren 91.8. Joseph
F. O'Beirne 91.7. William J. Wilson 91.65, Flor
ence P. Matheson 91.6, Aucusta Tiessea 91.43,
Kate F. Conway 9LI, Nellie K. Winters 91.
Katie Cotter 90.95, Ella N. Cooper 50.9.
Mary K. Ingrim W.feS (a), Josephine T.
Molloy 90.&5 (b). Idella M." Adams 90.85
(c). John F. Williams 90.75. William 11.
Smith Jr. 90.7, Carrie E. Oakley 90.5 (a), Alice
8. Houston "90.5 (b). Mary E. Ferryman 90.45,
Marion A. Prltchard 90.4 (a), Edith M. Reavis
90.4 (b). Mary Farreil. 90.35, Julia L. Hayes
K'.3 May P. Loekay 90.2 (a), Cora L. Colbroth
•m.I (b), Benjamin P. Wilbur 59.95, Fannie M.-
McMahon *9.9 (a), Fannie Levy 89.9 (b), Ed
ward L. O'Connor 89.8. Margaret M. Clancy
59.75 (a), Edwin Lewis 89.75 (b), Charles O'M.
Cofßrave 89.7. Eugene J. Sullivan 59.5 (a), Al
bert Goodman 69.6 (b), Edward L. Clapp 89.5
ie) Otto E. A. Schmidt 59.5 (d), Martin H.
Waterman 59.4, Annie Fleming 89.15 (a), Clara
L. Faulkner 89.15 <b). Florence 41. Casey 89.15
<c), Ella Cusack 89.1 (b). Martin W. . Fleming
53.1 <b). Frank Crowe S3, Louisa H. Condon 88.9,
Mary F. Pa.nella 88. 8. Florence N. True 88.6,
Reuben Kallsky 88.55, Ernest W. Hewson 85.5.
Robert J Blame 88.43, Louis A. Lacay 83.4,
Ella F. C. Evans 88.35 (a), Helen Bryan 85.35
<b). John F. Hennegsey 88.2, Mary H. Rosen
berg SS (a). Apnes K. Kesseler 88 (b). Guy W.
Happl*T 87.95, Frank H. Urmy 67.9 (a), Louisa
A Jeffery 87.9 (b), De Guy Simpson 87.9 (c),
Eugene McFadden 87.75. Mary F. O'Neill 87.7,
Mary A. Phelps 57.6, Marie E. Johnson 87.55
•a) Ella Brown 87.55 (b). Edwin T. Darbey
S7 45 Fred J. Fleishman 87.3 (a). Tina M.
Kurd 57.3 (b). C. H. Northrop 87.3 (c), Mary
J. Williams 57.2 (a), Mollie B. Short 87.2 (b),
M. Schiller 57.2 (c), Mary E. Hull 57.15,
Emily Murphy £7.1, Florence B. Merrill 87.05,
Isadore Erb 87. Percy C. Woodhouse 86.95 (a).
Sarah J Hayes $6.95 (b). Cordelia A. Tanna
hlll SC.9. Belle McGlllan 66.7, Edward M.
O'Reilly 86.6 (a), Etta M. Hawley 66.6 (b),
Philip Hirleman 86.5. Grace 11. Bocardo 86.45,
Uaviii B Cam 86.4, Charles M. Dufflcy 85 .2,
Agnei" T. MeGlllan 86.15. Florence Burns 86.05,
<>lla Thorner 85.95. Theresa O. Kierce 85.9,
John B. R'-llly 85.55, Gustave C. Goldenberg
r,.6S (a). Kate S. Lewis 85.65 (b), Frank J.
f iray 85.65 (c), - I'atherlne Galnes 85.65 (d).
Klleen G. Majniire 85.6 (a). John A. Carroll
5:..6 <b). Otto L Levy 85.6 <c). Ralph W. Bliven
SSJK, Joseph C. Fallon 83.5 (a), Nettle M. Pad
¦lleford 55.5 (b) Lawrence J. Brannan £5.45,
Klla E. B»rk 85.4, Mary O*ShanneBSy 85.35 (a),
James H. Sullivan 85.35 (b). Isabel V. Hopkins
X..2. Charles 41. Erring 55.15 (a). Slgmund
nernsteln 85.15 (b), Grace I. Pendergast
65.05 <a), James M. Llmbaugh 85.05 (b).
Alfred W. Chalker 85. Harry Niemann
M.X, Mary V. McCarthy 84.9, Helen
lionovan M.RS. "William H. Rcger 84.80. Henry
E. Mnrkori «4.65 (a). May A. Driscoll 84.65 fb),
KFther MnrriK 54.4, Daniel F. Maher 84.33. Ed
••¦T.rd 11. Smcstark 54.13 fa), ""Mary G. Watts
1 i.15 (b). Minnie E. Hall 84. Joseph Mann £3.9
ia). Ella H. Foley M.V (b). Walter LeR. Wor
:on 83.K5 fa). Amelia 41. Hanilll 83.55 (b). Me
•lellan Har.cock 83.8, Mary A. .Ryan 83.65.
Heloire I'ndertvood R3.6 (a). Daniel A. Kcar-
Dty £3.6 (b). Ella 41osher 83.5 (a). Thomas J.
Kelly f3.5 (b), Thomas P. Flnetan 83.45. Mary
E. Baxter SS.2 (a), Mary E. Wynne 83.2 (b),
Hlzabeth n. Martin »3.15 (a), Margarette H.
Ohea 83.15 (b). Clara L. Areuello 83.1, Mary A.
Nolan R3. Ina C. 4tartln $2.7. Cornelia J. Stan
ley 52.6.', Gertrude R. Dugrgan 82.25, Lester D.
Schoenfeld *2.i ( a ). Fred Je.-.sen 82.1 (b).
Anita n. Van l>eventer 82.1 (c). Walter A.
Lampe M.«. James D. Hnrt RI.KS. Matthew M.
Zwannt 81. Margaret R. MaKee 80.8' (a). Adolph
Asher SO.B 'h). Anna R. Johnstone 80.5. Hu*h
W. McMillan ?0.4'.. Frank J. Oneto 80.4. Grace
E. Locke 80.1. K ara Louprhran 79.5. Edward T.
Harman 79.75, Helen 41. Brunncr 79.5 (a), Mary
G. Bennett 79.5 fh), Frances G. Sullivan 78.8.
Kernlc» L. Kopplkus 78.55. Gertrude Rosenfeld
75.3. XV. H. Garnett 77.85. Gertrude McCabe
77.65, William I. Rulllvan 76.35. Joeephine E.
M. Opborne 76.05. James W. Newton 73.75.
STRICKERT SUED FOR
BREACH OF PROMISE
Martha Rachpauer Alleges That He
Deceived Her and She Is
Seeking Redress.
For his alleged ardent but fickle wooing
of Miss Martha Rachpauer, Paul Strick
ert of the Cereghino-Strickert Manufac
turing Company must defend himself
against a $25,000 breach of promise suit.
Miss Rachpauer, who is 19 years of age,
alleges that she came to this city from
her home in Germany three years ago,
believing herself to be the affianced wife
of the defendant. On her arrival here she
met Stricken, and on his statement that
no regular ceremony was required under
the laws of this State and that a mere
agreement to live as husband and wife
was sufficient she assumed that relation
to him. She further alleges that she
could not speak English, knew nothing
of the laws of the country, and having
implicit faith in Stricken lived with him
up to six months ago, when she discov
ered that he had deceived her. She then
implored him to marry her and this he
promised to do at the beginning of the
new year. January passed, however, and
he failed to keep his agreement and she
left him. Since that time she says she
has lived on a small sum realized through
the sale of her personal effects.
When ¦ she was residing with Strickert
at 1383 Stevenson street she claims that
she was always introduced by him. to his
friends as Mrs. Strickert. and in all of his
communications to her he addressed her
as his wife. In conclusion, the plaintiff
says that she has always been ready to
marry the man who deceived her, but he
persistently refused to do so, and thus
forced her to seek redress by an action
at law.
TOOK NO ACTION IN
THE FAIR LITIGATION
Grand Jury Devotes an Afternoon to
Deliberation and Examination
of Judge Denson.
The Grand Jury is not yet ready to take
final action, in the Fair-Craven controver
sy. Previous to taking up the case the
Jury went to Judge Bahrs' courtroom and
filed an indictment against David Davis
for a burglary committed at the residence
of Mrs. P. Krbe, 246. Sixth street, on the
31st of December of last year.
Judge Denson, one of Mrs. Nettie R.
Craven-Fair's attorneys, was the only
witness examined in the Fair-Craven case.
He testified that Mrs. Craven-Fair had
told him as early as in August, 1896, in
the presence of Mrs. Margaret Koehler,
her daughter, that she was married to
Fair, had a contract of marriage and that
there was a celebration of the nuptials.
It was understood before the jury con
vened that it would definitely decide
whether indictments should be issued for
the arrest of various witnesses in the
case, but it was eventually decided to
postpone action until next Friday.
Many Applicants Were Desirous of Serving the City by Cleansing Its Sewers of All Refuse.
lieemen were on hand to preserve order, and each man was ad
mitted in the examination room In the commission's office on
presentation of a card which was numbered by Clerk Maher,
a duplicate number being registered by the stenographer In his
notebook. When the applicant was brought before the Inquisi
torial body Commissioner McCarthy put the following ques
tions, which in all cases were the same, and all answers 'were
duly recorded:
"What is your age?" "Have you ever done sewer work,
and for what length of time?" "What preparations would you
make in order to protect the city and your own life before en
tering a sewer 7" "If you had to alter the course of the water
what would you do?" "At what point would you enter a sewer
built on an Incline?"
To all the questions most of the applicants gave intelligent
answers, though quite a number slipped, up on the last. ¦ The
right answer, which was confided to the reporters by a mys
terious whisper by Commissioner McCarthy, is, "At the lower
end, because the poisonous gases which rise to the upper part
are dangerous." Some thought it was proper to enter at the
upper end because it was easier to work down hill.
The main question, however, which was not asked last night,
but which will be when the proper time comes, is: "Will you
stand in with the 'main squeeze of the "reform 1 government,
and how do you stand with him now?" :•¦¦> ->¦ •.>-•.
greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
No- 2. M. I. S. T. Wo. 2.
STREET CLEANERS SUBJECTED
TO THE CIVIL SERVICE TEST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 31 , 1 900.
SHOT BY A BALL
FROM CARTRIDGE
USED AS TARGET
Boy Marksman Fatally Hurt
While Firing at a
Loaded Shell.
Eugene Kraft Struck in th© Head by
a Bullet Exploded by Shot
From His Own
Rifle.
Oakland Offlr.» San Francisco Call,
1118 J'roadway. March 30.
A most peculiar accident which will cost
12-3 rear-old Eugene Kraft his life occurred
~t Mission San Jose yesterday afternoon,
ilje boy used a cartridge for a target,
•which was exj»loded jy a shot from his
22-cal:ber ri2e, the bullet entering Ilia
iit-ad 'ust above the t* mpl«?. That he was
not ii.stamly killtd 1* considered almost
as mi:arulous as was me manner in which
be wj.s wounded.
The boy had been f. it hunting: during
the n. ¦•ruing with his parlor rifle, but the
iiirds .vere scarce, and is h«* was return
ing h nn«- he oommo; cc.l shooting ay
mark:- alonjf th<? route Finally, to -test
r.is mrltsmansbip. he locked for pome
raal! abject at wnirh t.. shoot. He tried
H-bltl.s and clods, but they were unsatis
factory, and iinally. in looking for more
mr.mu lition. he found a larpre SprinKlield
< ariri< se i" bis pocket. The thought
-truck Him that hor<- was in excellent tar
a*i. it was tirst .necessary, however, to
lind a place t<> set tli<* der.-iiy missile, and
tnis !v> at-cotnplished with considerable
difficulty. It appeared :k if late were
trying :o save him from hi- foolhardiness,
hut he at last found a lo '.King place for
the bul el in the forks of a me. I'nfortu
rat-ly M placed it where the shell rested
firmly ..gainst a limb, wit!: the bullet to
ward' lini. Then he walked ff a few paces
;;nd wf.h no thought of she danger to
himself commenced flritg at the ear
trtdse. Again did it seem triat some un
(¦f-n power was trying to shield the reck
less yot.th, for although he was an excel
lent sh. t it was not till he had fired six
lime* t) ;i' he hit the murk.
The cirirMge was so firmly placed in
the forl--: of the tree thar when it explod
t-«1 the ball went straight to the lad"s
!:e:id ar'3 he fell to the ground uncon
rCi'.US.
The boy's father. Oeorge Kraft, princl
jal of :he school at Mission San Jose,
found h.s son lying in the road a few
minntes later and removed him to his
Scime. where medical aid was summoned.
The physicians, however, were unable to
3o much for the unfortunate child, and he
s not expected to live.
I have given personal Inspection to the working' of M. I. S. T. oa the knman system, and
Bast Bay that it entirely meets with my professional sanction.
D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical Collet e.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. 8. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter how lon* Rtandlnr- Any case of Inflammation of the Blad-
der or Enlarged Prostate Gland, no matter if the patients hare been for years forced to asa
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY (CASE OF DIABETES.
All cases of Impotency that can be cured, and permanent) j restore routhfnl rig or and
rltality. It is no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting. Will care aay case of
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varlcocele. Win removi en-
tirely from the sjstem Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
In addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has enred many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxta, Spinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseases of the aerres.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has enred thousands of snff-
erers. It is prescribed by leading physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to take and
rafjSs3 iSfll absolntely safe. It never increases or diminishes the action of the
HL a_ heart. If yon are suffering from any chronic disease yon are urged to
¦¦ [^ ¦write to us, no mattsr how many doctors or Vind3 of medicines yon
Ewßwi hh * Te t ri >d without relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU
That yon may jndgeof the Talne of the Great Specific for yonrself.
t. , % « : ••¦* yon one large case by mall FREE, only asking that
when cured yonrself yon will recommend It to others. Wrfte confidentially to onr medical
department, giving symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for to.
Andrew M. I. S. T. Co., Tolado, 0. .
I Is She Doomed to Mad- .§
ness ? § .
The Story of Mrs. Dunton. g
» ' »
I Story of Frank Adams, the «
Runaway Boy. g
The Banishment of Cronje o
to St. Helena. '§
President Diaz, the Auto- §
crat of Mexico. m l " 8 |
Romance of the Girl Who oUllQciy I
i Invented Pepsin Gum. / 8
1"~1 "~" — ~-~- — ~~~ r^iii I
| How Some of Our Young V/Ull |
| Bachelors Keep House. APRIL I 1900 8
S How I Met Paul Kruger. i
0 *
J3 By Poultney Bigclow. §
§ The Most Learned Chinese n^ g
1 Scholar. ¦ £jsg »
j$ Book Reviews by B. G. §
| Lathrop. . |
1 The Origin of April Fool i— — • s
o¦' Day. ' THE sINDAY c* ll - §
§ ' ¦ ¦¦*'¦¦ •' ¦•¦ ¦ LEADS THEM ALL. :»
§ A Gospel of the Good Liver. |
o '• Translated from the French by y
S Genevieve Green. . w
Force.
9LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Don't lose the opportunity X? atteml' the
¦ opening of the ."'Bijou Theater,". O'Farrell St.,
: • near s Mason, '. to-night; :40 a-rtlsts," burlesque
A w!?t^f T ShfcagoV^HL-E'K Sa^?
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and: satisfy tha
KNABE pianos; n<?w scale; new styles. KOH-
LER fe. CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
2 FINE Marshall & Wendell ptanos for $159
each: Fischer upright. $171; Gibson. $223: all
are bargains. MAUVAI3". 7K> Market St.
DECKER. Packard and Boothe Bros, are names
to remember when the best is wanted for the>
least money. The ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 783 ; Market St. ..-.. ¦_-..
FINE Fischer & Steinway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFHTS, 1019 Van New are., nr. Geary »t.
NIGHT school reopens ; April 2; : speed class •$3
¦per mo. -'Ayres' Business College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received , nt ; Call branch ¦ office. , 2220 Flllmore.
A BRANCH I offlce ' for - the 1 reception I of , adver-
tisements and 'subscriptions has been. opened
at 1223 Folk st. ; open till 9 p.^m. .' v -
APPRENTICES for tailoring: - paid . while
learning. ¦ ; BELASCO ; & HARRIS CO.. . 641
Market st.
EXPERIENCED finishers on ladles', cloaks and
, suits.: Apply. L. HORVITZ, 751 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and oijerators "on : cus-
tom, pants. .541- Market st. ¦ ?
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED^
TO let— A furnished house; 10 rooms, with mod-
ern improvements : large garden, lawn etc
Apply on premises, 2143 Larkln ; st. after 4
p.m.,' or of owner, S. OTIS, at 31S Montgom-
: cry st. ''¦; '¦¦¦ ¦ '.--.-¦ - • ¦ . ¦ -;.
IN Mill - Valley— Wynnehurst: completely fur-
' nished house of 8 rooms; ,' choicest location*'
bath, stable. J 1417 Post St..- or Wynnehurst.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of S rooms In center of town, within
half-block of Oakland and San Leandro elec-
tric cars: with half-acre of fruit, barn and
chicken yard; $15. DRIVER, ABER & CO.,
$17 CO— MISSION warm b»lt; S-room cottage;
improvements; fine view; grounds ;, Mission
cars to Powell aye. Inquire 15 Prospect aye.
NICELY furnished eunny, cottage •of R. rooms
and bath; rent reasonable. 4247 - Twents--
fourth st.
2913 CALIFORNIA— Cottage 5 rooms, bath; lance
yard. :¦, v -.-*•?.
BRYANT aye.. 2718, n*ar Twenty-fifth— Modern
cottage of 4 rooms and bath; sunny: $12.
$16— COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
• large basement. Key at 711 Treat aye.
W ANTED— Salesmen " furnishing goods depart-
ment. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO., 713 Market.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Kts Post st.
COACHMAN; understands his business
thoroughly; Is capable of taking. charge and
care of gentleman's residence; Al references.
Address C. S., 1022 Jackßon st.
MAN, sober, lndustrloua, handy with .car-
penter tools, good at any kind of wonk,
would like a Job; city or country. Address
box 3SCS, Call of.ice.
SITUATION wanted : by coachman, and gard-
ener and all work about gentleman's place.
Address box 3306, . Call' office. ;;
MAN. and wife wish situations: on a ranch or
private family. Address box 3303," Call office.
RELIABLE Hollander • wishes L position « as as-
sistant gardener; understands care of .horses,
lawn, etc; can milk; best . references. AN-
THONY. 131S Seventh aye.,, East "Oakland.
HOUSE, painter, ¦ paperhanger. ; whltener and
decorator wants work; v has . complete outfit
tools. MERIGAN, 1202 Webster st. ; phone
Jackson 1321. . ¦.-"" -..¦¦'-
YOUNG man as coachman and gardener; thor-
oughly understands his business, Is" strictly
honest - and has first-class references. T
KAVANAGH, "BO7 Hyde St. - '
SITUATION by a flrst-class cutter, fitter and
designer on ladles' . tailoring; ¦ late "of s . New
York. Address box 3156, Call ; office. f:
POSITION •by experienced Japanese cook' or
waiter. K. X.. 123 Sacramento nt, : -*¦¦--;
HAMPTON place. : 15, oft Folsom at. ' bet. 2d
•. and 3d— Sunny house: $21; ,7 rooms and bath.
SUNNY- 4-room house; large yard; low rent to
' steady tenant. 1705 Mason; cable car passes.
BARBER. wanted at 217 Fourth st.
MME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card render and
imlmlftry. 25c: truth or no pay. 1149 Mlssfon.
lIME. RAVENNA read* life fluently: business
advice; names given: 2Sc up. 5 Fourth et.
MMF. BTBlLLK— Cradle to grave: future hus-
lisnd'« picture. 2.V; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
HOUSES TOILET. ".":."
A— PRINTED 'Iist; houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & C 0.." 14 Montgomery!
BROADWAY. ISOg-^e rooms, bath, laundry; fine
FIRST-CLASS finishers and operators on cus-
tom pants. : BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 641
.Market st. ; - . :¦ ¦ -. :» "' . * ¦
HOUSES— LODGING— To Let.
A LODGING-HOUSE of 20 rooms: 21S Eddy st
, near Taylor. Owner 734 Schrader st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A LARGE. NUMBER OP FINE BARGAINS
IN STEINWAY.
WEBER.
CHICKERINO.
HALES BROS..
BUSH A GERTS.
ELLINGTON.
AND OTHER PIANO 3,
The Hamilton-Bancroft Stock
Recently Purchased by Li-
It will pay you to call ¦"<?.•*• th «a.
UPRIGHTS KO UPWARD.
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEV!
STRAUSS & CO., 36V4 Fremont St.; elevator.
EMPLOYMENT W ANTED— MALE.
STEADY, sober man of 27, with S years^offlce
experience bookkeeper and cashier, would
like an office position, whereby I can advance
myself; salary, $35 per month for flrst ' six
months: best of references. Address box 2739,'
Call office. Oakland. ,
jr*— CIGAR etand $12 dally
$IVK>— cigar star.d $18 dally
!30<-j— Cigar etand $40 dally
KREDO Sl CO.. *J2'4 Geary it.
JIWC— RKFTAURANT: fine tmitumm; owner re-
tiring; f-ickn*ss. KRKDO & CO.. 22<i Geary-
SSOtt— DYEING ;>.n<: cleaning route; horse and
wagon worth the price; $100 monthly. KUE-
IX) & CO.. 22,4 Geary st. ,
A— »SM: ROADHOUSE and resort; flne place;
newly furnished. KREDO & CO.. Zlhk Geary.
A — FAMILY croccry store for sale; new stock;
fine fixtures; on the l«es.t corner In the city;
rush rvctlpts over *2W> por month; offer want-
ed. J^nCKER, 1020 Market Et.
A COAL, xeiod. hay and praln yard; money
jr.ik.r. COWING & CO.. 719 Market St. .
V4.".0— C01-Tl'K and tea Htore: big bargam this
•Jay. COWING & CO.. 71S Market Et.
A PALOON: money-maker: a great snap to-
day. COWING & CO.. 718 Market Ft.
PARTNER wanted wttn JSOO for Cape Nome.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market »t.
REAL «*tate, city or country, in any State in
tlie Union, sold and exchanged on cotnmls-
Hen: associate offices in New York and Cht-
*-«go: rterlir.g business propositions cf all
Kinds. Sunset Realty Inv. Co.. 21J Exam. bldg.
CHANCE to attend grand opening "BIJou The-
ater." O'Farrell St., near Mason, to-nlßht:
fcurle*o;ue, vaudeville; 40 artls.ts; admission
tree. -j
BARBER chop and one- room, with furniture;
rent $10. 1101 Coward St. ....
GIRL wanted for general housework; German
preferred. 1451 Franklin st.
WANTED^ waitresses." International Hotel,
Kearny st., "near Jackson.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME7^rr^Elßv^ r TEsT^hT^eTM^ra7^Spanish
fortune teller: elves best advice In difficult
matters. 39 Fulton st., near Larkln.
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmist: all you
vjek to know answered, without 'luestlons;
fcatisf action; readiDgs 50c and $1. 12G O'Farrell.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921H Mission, op.Mlnt.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 2Jc up. 11 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;
past, present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth St.. r. 12.
iiME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh Bt. is the original
gypsy life reader: readings 25c.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m. , :.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 2096 Va-
lencia st.
MONEY to loan, lhi to 2V4 per cent for private
parties: will figure your loans cheaper than
any one. C. D. DAVIS, room 69. 916 Market.
PARTY wishing to Bell lodging-house see
r, BASILS, J Eddy St.: new cash buyer dally.
FOR sale — Flrst-class boarding-house; 40
rooms; nicely furnished; well located; doing
paying business: Income from $SOO to $1000 a
month. FRANK W. ELY, 640 Market st.
"rt. MacLEOD'S specialty Is buying, selling and
exchanging lodging-houses: If you have such
business It will pay you to call at 1706 Market,
near Tenth. With G. W. H. PATTERSON.
30 ROOMS: newly furnished throughout; good
location; transfer point: cheap rent: this Is a
great bargain If sold Immediately. RIVERS
BROS.. 227 Montgomery st.
ELEGANTLY furnished house, 9 rooms; bath:
laundry, nice yard; permanent roomers;
profitable lpvestment: 4 blocks from Marktt;
new and clean. 437 Golden Gate aye.
NEWLY furnished 15-room boardlmr house;
cheap rent; will exchange for smaller house.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day
washing and ironing or house cleaning. Ad-
dress 721 Minna st. .. • ¦
COMPETENT woman; housework by the day:
best of reference. 20 Liberty st., off Valencia,
YOUNG lady desires position as bookkeeper,
bill clerk or typewriter; reference, given. Ad-
dress MISS M. R.. box 3150, Call offlce.
TWO Swedish girls wish positions In one house
as cook and second girl. 1C32 Lombard at.,
near Octavia. - : ¦ ¦¦> •
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 CO night; $1 50 to $6
week, convenient and respectable;, free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
GROCERY er.d saloon; 3 living rooms; cheap
r»»nt; long lease. Call Liquor Dealers' Jour-
nal, ZSi\i California st.
AT 128 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
63 and 69. Donohue building. 1170 Market st.
On real estate, 1st or 2d mart Raises, and en.
furniture or pianos: no removal : any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER &, CO.. 28 Montgomery.
ON chattel mortgages, estates, rents, real es-
tate. etc. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
ANT amount at I per cent on furniture and
other collateral. D. McRAE. U3- Mission st.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL., rra. 4-1. Merchants' Exchge.. 431 Calif.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 368 Parrott build-
Ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
LOANS to, salaried people: personal security
only. TOCSLET. 321 Parrott building.
OLD gold bought; money loaned on every d*-
icriptlon of collateral. Coleman's. 50ft Kearny.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 809 Examiner building.
A— l2ooC — CORNER grocery and bar. with four
Jiving rooms; rent $i 0: 3 years' lease; the best
corcer en Mission St.; place doing a gooi
paying cash business: lull talue in eight.
O*;i R. G. WILKK. 606 Market ft.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
PRINTER— Young man. for country, who can
run cylinder and Job presses and can set type;
wages $10 to $12. Apply bet. 12 and 1 to-day.
W. F. CORNELL & CO., 51S Sacramento st.
MAN • wanted to deliver and collect in San.
. Francisco and vicinity; $15 week and expenses.
Address Delivery Dept.. Peoples' Co., Forti-
eth and Market sts., Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED— Machine man for planing mill. $3
day and Increase; American for milk depot,
tend stable, etc., $30 and found; 2 Bur-
leigh drill miners: tlmbermen for mine,
$3 day; 10 miners, $2, $2 50 and $3 day; ranch
blacksmith, $35: Jobbing blacksmith, $45;
American driver .for milk wagon; 2 farmers
and wives, $45 and $50; farmers, milkers, la-
borers, for city and country: woodsmen and
many others at good wages. J. F. CROSETT
Agency. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— OId fast-flying pigeons; no squabs.
For terms and shipping directions apply to
San Francisco Trap Shooting Association, 224
Market st.
MISCELLANEOCS WANTS.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ployment Office furnishes best laborers a-J
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, oft O'Far-
rrll. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4304.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; I flre and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sizesi TTTB
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: t
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
$6— LOWER flat and yard. 12SV. Harrison St..
between Third and Fourth.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47,
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve,.: $S mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
WANTED
Walter for nice, small restaurant, in city,
$40. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A»YRES\ leading business college. 723 Market:
Individual Instruction: bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
shoeing business; 15 years present location;
cheap on acct. death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
FOR SALE— Fine saloon one block from Mar-
ket St.; well stocked; owner sick; . going
south. Address box 3121, Call offlce.
PARTNER wanted in growing manufacturing
business; about $400 required. Box 3149. Call.
FOR sale— Cisar and laundry store. 1055 Fol-
6om St.; call early.
WANTED- Party with $1000 in an established
business. F. S.. Call offlce.
CORNER clear store. 97 Third St.. NE. corner
Mission tt.
SALOON for sale cheap. SW. corner Laagton i
and Harrison sts. ' ' ;
FRUIT and vegetable store for sale: on ac- i
count of leaving city. Apply Call offlce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH of fire for the reception of adver- ;
tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk et.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGON'S.
A FINE suit $10; dress pants $2 75. Misfit
Clothing Parlors, 437 Montgomery st.
BOOKKEEPING as It Is done; superior post-
graduate course: rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building. ¦:¦-
ANOTHER Smith premier typewriter: No. 1
make: flne order; bargain. L. & M. ALEX-
ANDER. 110 Montgomery st.
EDUCATIONAL.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
ins, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor &Moffat.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary st.: dresses
made.'ss up: dresses made over; perfect flt.
WANTED— An experienced furniture salesman
for Sacramento. Apply E23 Market it., room
7. between 2 and 3 D. m.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks;
day and evening classes: special Inducement
this season: handsome Illustrated catalogue
and • Fouvenlr free; only institution in ths
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco, New York.
St. Louis, Chicago. Minneapolis.
DOG HOSPITALS
MAKE walking easy by wearing rubber heels;
recommended by physicians; put on while you
wait; £oc. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sta.
HIGH-ARM Slnper sewing machine; good con-
dition; complete; cheap. 1315 Mission, nr. 15th,
FOR sale— Fine double-door safe at a bargain.
A— slo— UPPER flat; three rooms and bath. 4195
Twenty-sixth st., corner Castro.
FNOROSSINO
ne*ol«iior.s «r,J aiplnrra* a specialty. J. W.
GrUflUl. Beafcr* Business College. 24 Post st.
I" t>c annual meeting of lot owners in Lau-
rri Hill Cemetery ' f i" t:ie election of trus-
te«>E and c.her business wl'.l be held at the
office of Gunnison. Booth & Eartnttt. SIS
Montgomery et.. or. TUESDAY. Aprlt 3. 1900.
at 12 o'clock m. CHAS. 11. CROW ELL. Sec.
$20— MIDDLE flat, 6 rooms. 711 Castro st.. near
Twentieth. i
$18— Upper flat, 6 rooms, with porcelain
bath. 541 Castro st., bet. 18th and 19th.
$16— Sunny flat of 5 rooms on Twentieth St.,
near Castro. F. NELSON. 703 Castro st
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071H Market st. ; examinations free: German
eyewater by mall. 50c. Phone. Mint 257.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 6 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Offlce. 40 Kills st., San Francisco. Cal.. or
630 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
MEDICATED BATHS.
DR. CONANTS Compound Vapor Bath— Puri-
fies the blood: destroys disease germs; pro-
tects; cures; revitalizes; saves life and doctor
bills: outfits for sale: agents wanted: send for
booklet. ANIDROPIS. 47 Post »t.. B. V.. Cal.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. h. R. A. M.. •
will meet THIS (SATURDAY* EVEN- _i\.
ISC, March Z\. at 7:30 o'clock. P. M. fej\
and M. E M. deer^s. By order of the '
H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1«9. F. and A. M-— tjt
Called mating THIS (SATURDAY) JP\-
\FT::RNOCN at 2 o'clock. Third <Se- Jt>\
pwt (5). C. D. BUNKER. Sec. '?'
WF2=TKRN Addition Lodge No. 255. <$£££&
1. O. O. F.— Officers and members IgSjSjKfe
are bereby notified to attend the : 2^«^-
funerai of our late brother, JO- '•'
SEPH FHOOP P. 0.. from Eureka Halt.
< >ii Fe'.l-**" building, on SUNDAY, April 1,
:S«>, Rt 12:30 o'clock p. m. sharp.
G A TRAUTNER. Noble Grand.
WM. F. LEO, Financial Secretary
Pin: INTERMENT OF THE RE- .gr
n-«vir.s of Serceants Robertson and V7j£>
Cra'.s and Private Branipan. Fourth S2<S&»
United t'TatPa Cavalry, killed in ac- *C£M±{
tioTi in the Philippines, members of Mars
* Iy<?se No. Tl. will take place at the Pre-
1 «-lc"io Natlona.l Cemetery at 2 p. m., SUN-
DAY Ai>r:i 1. All brothers are invited to
uttcnd. Meet at Lombard- street gate at
::30 a. tn.
MEN WANTED — If you want to come to Los
Angeles state age, occupation and wages ex-
pected: send stamp for reply; we pay trans-
portation. Ohio Oil and Development Co.,
119 South Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal.
SALESMAN for hardware in San Francisco
and surrounding towns; permanent position
to energetic party; experience not necessary.
Address with stamp The Ohio Automobile and
Wrench Co., 16 Wick block, Cleveland. Ohio.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers and coat pressers,
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
WANTED— First-class woodworker for heavy
work. 128 Spear st.
$100— PARTNER: good salary; room and board;
money used in buFlnras. C 32 Market, rm. 16.
$<50_ Cigar store; full stock: flne fixtures. 1251
Mission St.. corner Ninth.
$400— FINE corner saloon; 4 living rooms in
rear; rent cheap. Call at E. MARTIN &
CO.. 54 and 56 First Bt.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 605 Montgomery at.
AT the ELECTRO- DENTAL CLINIC, SO9 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
SS u0 up: plates, extractions free; $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. rr. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
RELIABLE man wants situation as chef In &
hotel or restaurant: flrst-class city references.
Address PETERSON, 615 Larkln st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowne-l
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. fcr years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023^4 Market sL
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium, 704 Sacramento St.. cor-
ner of Kearny; all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office hours, 10 a. m. to 13 m..
I to 8 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
SHOEMAKER wanted. 611 Laguna st.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe Zinkand — Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without rain: plate? that fit from
$4 DO up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL eet of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full eet of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 60: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
HELP WANTED— MALE.
EXPERIENCED apprenttoe for Saturday after-
noon, with chance for. steady work. 872t>
Howard st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
SITUATION wanted as gardener and florist" in
flrst-class private place; age 32 years, single;
15 years experience in open and under glass;
good grower, of roses, carnations, chrysanthe-
mums, ferns, ; palms; good propagator; flrst-
class references; disengaged April. Address^
stating wages, etc., CHAS. A. BUMGEE, Bell
Conservatory Co.. Sacramento, Cal.
HELP "WANTED—MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY... PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want ; to-day. 7a. m .--
FOR A SYNDICATE AND 8ANK....:.......
.........:......................... YOU'LL 6UIT
12 men to; dig small trenches so water can
run down between . vines, trees, etc; help
generally; what you don't know the general
manager will teach you; $20 per month and
found; fare $110.....
LOOK HERE t
15 men to pull rhubarb and hoe in an or-
sChard (no experience required); fare 30c;
$1 75 and found....:
........ MECHANICAL HELP. ETC ..........
Foreman for a gold mine, $52; 5 coopers, $3
day; 4 blacksmiths, shops, ranches, etc., $45
and found, $2 50 day; carriage trimmer, $3
day; band sawyer, $4 day; tall edger. hand,
$2 75 day; blacksmith helper for a gold mine,
$60, who can 5h0e. .....'...
planer man for saw mill, $50 and found; 16
other Jobs ...:.......... ......................
.TO THE MINES.. SPECIAL R. R. RATES.
19 laborers (no experience required): you'll
suit; wages $48 per month and found; steady
Job; 12 miners, different gold mines, $75 and
$3 day; 15 muckers: come at once; $63 and fd;
.....STABLES, DAIRIES. FARMS, ETC
69 farm, orchard, vineyard hands for differ-
ent places, $35, $30, $26, $25, $20 and found;
18 milkers $30, $25 and fd; good places;
man to milk 22 cows and make little butter,
$30 and found ; 12 chore boys and men, $25, $20,
*15, $10 and- found ...........:.:...........
•• ...M. & R. SPECIAL LIST..
young man to drive bakery wagon, < $20 and
found: 15 boys for trades, stores, bakeries,
factories, wagons, hotels, paper offices, etc.;
6 coal miners; 6 men to buck coal, $75 and
- ?^O «..««««¦«•.••............,....:.......,...........
.... WOODCHOPPERS. TIEMAKERS
864 men for above work, $3, $2 50. $2. $1 75,
$150, $1. 75c cord. 13c, 12c, lie each, tools
and food advanced; some fares paid and at
mines ;..
- TEAMSTERS. ETC
27 scrapers, 4-horse teams, large ranch $26
and lound ; 5 teamsters, special ranches, $32 50,
$26 and found, fare $1; other places
.....IN AND NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
6 two-horse teamsters.; $26 and found
16 laborers, fare 55c... $27 50 and found
25 laborers, good Jobs, $1 75 day, $30 and
found; 3 laborers, San Mateo, $26 and found;
6 drillers, $60; 4 milk wagon drivers, $35, $30,
$25, $15 and found
.......2 BUTCHERS... ....4 TAILORS
..HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS..
29 cooks, $50. $45, $40, $35, $30, $25 and found; 25
•waiters and dishwashers, $30, $25, $20, $15 and
¦ found
7 1aundrymen. ....... ....535. $30, $26 and found
several second and third cooks: porters; 5
ranch cooks and 250 Jobs not advertised
gardeners; coachmen; come, 5ee.... 525 and fd
4 camp waiters, dishwashers, etc, $25...
: MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge uu-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st. -
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, cpen
criil a o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C 27 Montgomery street.
rorner day: open until S:3O p. m.
TOO Hayes street: open until »:50 p. m.
«"C3 McAllister Ftreet; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
fJS Lsrkin ttreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
IMI Missies street; cp«n until 10 p. m.
. rrci Market street, corcer Sixteenth; open
vr.ttt 8 r>. in.
JC6 Eleventh rtp-et: open until S p. m.
;«* Valencia street: open until S p. nr.
123 Polk street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second an 3 Ken-
tucky mw!s: open until 9 p. m.
ICOO— -SALOON on Turk et. : fine fixtures; good
trade. Liquor Dealers' Journal, £I9H Cali-
fornia at.
TRANSFER fa'.ocn: cheap if sold this week.
Liquor dealers' Journal, 539' i California st.
$;B(*— RESTAURANT and bar; best location; no
nJglit work; cheap rent; long lease; dally re-
ceipt* JGS-J7O; stands investigation. Liquor
lwnlers' Journal. 133% California et.
niIST-CLAKS ealoon; big trade; cheap if sold
«t once; only responsible party will receive
information. Liquor Dealers' Journal, £35»4
•WANTED— A cook at 623 Davii'at.
LOST— A", bunch . of keys ; receive reward. 2401
---Bush st. "••-.. : \ . ••* - ¦•. \.- . .
BARBER'S (rood paying S-cha!r shop for tele.
ZSt Seventh et.
A " BRANCH '• offlce I for the reception : of adver-
tisements I and . subscriptions I has been - opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p.m.
GENERAL* plumber land 'tin roof er : '¦-' 30c ¦ an
.;hour while working." 'Box 73. Los Gatos.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
.'cash prices.' ,- N.\ Y." Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
NIGHT cook. : part of night ; 16. i 680 Fourth st.
WANTED— First-class - ladles' tailors at
SCHIMMEL &i STOVER' S.4OS Sutter st . > -¦
GET your shoes 'half-soled I while Awaiting; 25c
•to 50c. CJ2 Mission St., bet.' Ist and 2d sts.
BOOKKEEPER. 7 Address r M., ; box 3302, Call
'•rOfflce..:' ,". ; :'. - ¦"".-".--.;.-.¦¦:•- .. ¦' ¦ -..
CARPET/ traveler ..wanted; ; state ¦'¦ experience,
GIRL, general housework. 320 Walnut St. ; boy
¦i assists. ;¦: . '- .¦ , - - : . ¦-..:.
FIRST-CLASS pantsflnUher wanted. Call at
1009 Clay st., near Powell... ;
YOUR future told by cards. 2Jc. 944 Howard
et., 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
WANTED— Barber -for Saturday; wages, $3 50
¦ guaranteed." •61 Third st. :¦
MME. SHAFFER. c:atrvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 2J2H Sixth ft.
WANTED— A barber; steady. 605 Mission rt. .
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday: $4 80.
1294 Pacific st. ,
BARBER ¦ wanted for ' Saturday and Sunday;
steady Job to right man.; 252 Ellis st.
BARBER .' for < Saturday ¦ evening : and Sunday.
.-. 6SI Geary st. • . . . /
MIDDLE-AGED lady wanted with a baby;
wages $10. 319 Third st.
BARBER wanted. 408V4 Sixth St.
28 ROOMS; bath; furniture good; owner leav-
ing city: cheap If sold before April 1: half the
rooms for housekeeping. 420 Sixth st.
UAHGAIN for buying or selling ralooas or any
buclcese; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers"
Xournal. 52V% California st.. room 1.
WANTED— GirI to wait in small restaurant,
1727 Market St.. Junction Halght. . . ¦
BARBER wanted. 2C3 Third St.
SCOO— FALCON on Turk st.: fine fixtures; good
trade. Liquor Dealers' Journal. CSSVi Cali-
fornia Et.
On furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market »t.
TO salaried men. without collateral or Indorser:
other propositions: private rooms. San >ran-
dsco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 538 Valen-
cia st.
GOOD Protestant girl to do ; light housework
and care of 2 children; reference. ;, 310 Church.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
wages $5. 214 Mason st.
{50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.:
any proposition.' DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
FIItST-CLASP saloon; b!g trade; cheap If sold
at or.cc; only responsible party will receive
ir.fom-.atl^n. Ll'juor Dealers' Journal, £39'; i
Oa-Mfornla. et.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 1423 Dupont St., bet. Union and Green.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday at 142*4
First st.
65 ROOMS; first floor offices; new furniture;
clears $400 per month; rent $350; elevator:
sunny corner: $6500: nice respectable house (no
transient). C. D. DAVIS, rm. 69. 916 Market.
JHCO CORNER grocery store and bar, with i
living rooms, kitchen and cellar; rent J4S;
jjlace ettabliEhed fcr «0 years; next to the
it-acLir.g brewery of this city; a mint. Call
It. G. WJLKIi, 3CC Market et.. room i.
A-$S:0; COFFEE raloon and restaurant: 1 block
from corner Powell and Market sts. ; rent $49:
£a!!y receipts $40: 3 living rooms. See R. Q.
WILKE. WjC Market st.
A— U'*>; EALOON. with 3 living rooms; rent
$27 .".": Valencia Ft.; good bus&eEs; bargain.
U O. WILKE. SOS Market Et.
WANTED— Ladle's addresses that writer may
call and prove the genuineness of bust de-
veloper; if not as represented money refund-
ed: the same for hair and scalp treatment.
A— S€OO— SALOON and lunch house; established
ir.any years and Uoing a good paying busl-
t r.css; rent $40; best location; close to Sutter
Ft.; investigate at orce; a rare chance. Cal!
R. G. V.IL3CE. iO6 Market St.
POSITION wanted as housekeeper In rooming
house or small family by a middle-aged Swed-
ish widow with a girl of 10; speaks German
and English; country preferred, 147 Fourth
St., rear. /
A— Si'Ji: CIGAR store: clearing $4 daily; splen-
did location; Market and East *ts.: rent $12.
Call H. G. WILKE. 9CC Market it.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets.. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3333.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s2so; DELICACY store, connected with lunch
room: 6 living rooms; rent $17 £0; best loca-
tion O'FarTell tt. : must be sold at once; sick-
ness <n family. See R. G. WILKE. 900 Mar-
ket st.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market St.: telephone Jessie '76l.
BOARDING roil CHILDREN.
PRIVATE home fcr children, 1 day to 15 years.
l;y week or month: large eunay yard; select
neighborhood: mother's care; kindergarten;
PARTNER wanted to invest a small amount of
money In Cape Nome property known to be
rood. Box 3143. Call. -¦¦•-¦¦-¦*
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No,
7 ransre. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
CAPE NOME.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, Chinese employment
office; best help fur.: cooks, waiters, etc.
Chas. Aramorl, SOCV4 Stockton; tel. John 2121.
SELLING out. half cost, 100 sets harness, 200
wagons. 1140 Folsom Bt, near Eighth^
BOOT AXD SHOE BARGAINS.
too PAIRS drummers' sample shoes at manu-
facturer's cost. J. Kohlbecher. 145 Fourth st.
A — MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over fira years.
421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
COMPLETE bedroom and dining-room set In
antique oak; also folding bed in cherry and
other household furnishings. 15 Dame St., oft
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
negg. work &. driving horses. ISth & Valencia.
A FINE delivery wagon for sale; good for
small route. 1523 Howard st.
2 HANDSOME flats of 7 rooms and bath; cor-
ner. 300 Scott st. ; sun all day.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
!anguag»s. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 MontEV.
$16—6 ROOMS and bath; lower part 12 Guy
place, off First St., Just above Folsom.
WANTED
Wheelwright, short distance In country, $50
per month and board. W. D. EWER & CO .
610 Clay st.
$B—3 ROOMS in good order; upper part, 305
First st.. above Folsom.
60 HEAD flne draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St., bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some flne matched black teams.
10.000 FEET new rubber belting, half rrtce.
ROBT. BRAND & CO.. 527 Third St.. Oakland.
60 HORSES: 6 hours from Oakland: also 150
stock horses Modoc County. J. T. JONES,
$14— WOITTH $18: flat of 5 rooms and bath, i.1417
Pacific aye., near Hyde.
ESPINA. Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing: Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
321 TENTH — i large rooms; large yard and
basement; rent cheap.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 100S Mission; violin, guitar.
CLASSES in German, French, Spanish; $2 per
month. 609 Taylor st., bet. Post and Sutter.
$9— SUNNY flat 3 rooms; 1320 Jessie et., off Her-
man. UMBSEN, agent.
FRENCH. Spanlßh.ctc.Prof.De Filippe's Academy
of lanauages,S2o Poet;cstab'd 1871; ablest profs.
$15— LOVELY flat of 4 nice rooms and bath;
nice view. 292 Third aye., corner Clement:
take Sutro cars.
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmora st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
FOR sale— Large office safe; also one letter
press. Apply 407 Commercial st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
PORTABLE engines, boilers: iron and wood
planers; lathes; Id-hand. J. Burke, 133 Beale.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got pcsltions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINNESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
TWO su'riny modern flats, 5 rooms and bath
each; rent $20 and $25. 971 Golden Gate aye.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard.
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand sausage ma-
chinery. Mclntosh & Walpman. 195 Fremont.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'5....104 GEARY ST.
....Wanted for railroad work.. ..Free fare....
76 pick and shovel men...
B0 teamsters
25 rockmen
.:.... ...Regular wages Free fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook and wife, summer resort, $100; steward
for summer resort, $40; fry cook, restaurant,
$00; third cook. $45; cook's helper, $30; 2 dlsh-
• washers, $25, for mine boarding-house; barber
and do Dorter work for summer resort; bar-
keeper who can play violin for springs.
MISCELLANEOUS
Band sawyer and edgerman. both for large
country sawmill, see party here; 2 machine
men for mine, $3 a day; 6 quartz miners, $2 EO
a day; 2 choremen, resort, $20: gardener and
wife, private place, country. $40. " C R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
RUSS, 1C24, bet. Sixth and Seventh, oft Howard
— 6 rooms and bath; downtown; convenient;
$18. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
RI-:i.GIAN HARFS.
A— THIRD bartender, $23 and found, city Job.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
RINGOLD. 29, between Eighth and Ninth— Flat
of 3 large rooms; rent $8.
SACRAMENTO, 1361— Flat of 3 rooms; rent
$12 DO.
COMPANY promotion is our specialty; we at-
tend to everything complete; charters fur-
nished. P.5.M.&1.C0.. 229 California et., r. 5-7.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Po»t »t.. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. : new SO-page catalogue free.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
DAIRY and delicacy store, clearing $3 per day;
bargain; must sell; departure. J., box 3194,
Call.
MISSION, 1513^4. near Eleventh— Upper flat: 9
large sunny rooms; bath and laundry; $22.
CASH registers, second-hand, of every descrip-
tion bought, sold, exchanged and repaired.
1309 Mission St.. between Ninth and Tenth.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced t»
$100; concert records, $2 50. BACIGALUPL
RESTAURANT— Must be sold; opposite car-
house; 2 living rooms; party going to Cape
Nome. Apply at CI3M: Natoma st.
LIBERTY it.. 221. between Church and Dolores
— Flat of 6 large rooms and bath; gas. sta-
tionary tubs: rent $16.
PENSIONS— GEO. D.- CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
GROCERY and bar. corner Geary and Leaven-
worth; rent $10; lease S year and 9 months; no
agents.
STRONG man's bicycle for sale; splendid condi-
tion; $12. 631 Valencia St.. near Eighteenth.
HOWARD, 1133—4 nice Bunny rooms; large cel-
lar; cheap rent.
FLAT. 3 large sunny rooms and basement, $10.
123 San Jose aye., near Twenty-third st.
FLAT of^* rooms; rent $8. 28 Bruce place. In-
quire 1135 Folsom et.. bet. 7th and Bth.
A—.-. ..FACTORY WORK
6 laborers, no experience required... s27 50 fd
2 boys for same factory. ......$l5O day
LOOK HERE ."
Middle-aged man to drive light . delivery
wagon $7 week and room
Young man to make beds, institution.. s2o fd
Young man to stripe, varnish and help paint
Young fellow to sell papers in city $6 week
Old man, night clerk, lodging-house, city;
bedmakers; young man to drive butcher
wagon, $5 week.
•• 6 TAILORS FARE ADVANCED
Coatmakers, fare advanced 15 and up
Pants makers, fare advanced $2 and up
Veetmakera, fare advanced.... X 2 and up
TELEORAPH ORDERS
2 machine and timber men for shaft work
for a gold mine. $3 day: 3 carpenters, J3 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay Et.
ELLIS, 741B— I^jwer modern flat: 7 rooms and
bath; only $20.
A SPECIAL
Machine r man for planing mills, $3 30 day,
country; machinist, $65 and found, for coun-
try; engineer for ranch; 10 laborers for saw
mill company, $30 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay Bt.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all, druggists or at the dog hospital.
810 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog "Hospital, Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c;, city visits $1 50: all
animals treated: dogs bnnrded. Tel. West R36.
WANTED— Solicitors; good Inducements To
men who will work. Call mornings between
8 and 9 o'clock. Tuesday and Thursday even-
ing, between 7:30 and 9 o'clock. 300 Post St.,
corner Stockton.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and ' exchanged. 1063 Mission St.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
FOR sale cheap to responsible party — Grocery
and bar: established 15 years; full value in
stock: pays $100 net per month.
HARPER & KREIGER. 312 Examiner bldg.
A LOWER flat, 5 rooms and bath, 1420 Geary
Bt. ; rent moderate to a good tenant.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors; cpen evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
FLATS TO LET.
GROCERY, stock and fixtures: lot 60:3x135; on
Shattuck aye.. Berkeley; worth $3000; sacri-
ficed for $2.'00: fine location. Kee Geo. Schmidt,
Berkeley, or Lyon & Hcag, 114 Montg'y. S. F.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
EASTERN Dental Parlor, 119 Third St.; crown-
bridge work; ext. painless; full set teeth $7.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for v years; plates. $3: crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
BARBERS — Good-paying shop on water front;
a bargain. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
WILL exchange very desirable lots In Seattle,
Tacoma or Blalne, Wash., for country homo
near San Francisco. A. D.. box 3113. Call.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private horn*
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dl»-
BOY or youne man' with experience In optical
business. Box 3160. Call office.
EXCHANGE.
FULL set of teeth, $5: gold crowns, $3; new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction. EOc; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market
St.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market: ladles*
physician: chronic diseases treated Mate scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment. 13.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st.. the eminent
female specialist: home or office treatment $3.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 flrst
priiee; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles' special-
ist: guaranteed treatment at office. $3; saf»
and reliable; consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable > specialist; homo
In confinement: cuaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; any ailment: consultation free. *4J
Post st.. between Hyde and Larkln.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1333 Market St.. comer
Tenth. .
WINE business for sale; old established; fam-
ily an.l n-tail trade; centrally located: owner
retires from business. Address box 3307. Call.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles* specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office. $5: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market St.. bet.
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 a m. to S p. m.
$700— RESTAURANT; flne location; transient
trade: near carhouses. McLaughlln. 777H Mkt.
WAITER. 207 Third st.
CANDYMAKER; flrst-class man on all flne
candy, ice cream. Al references, wishes
steady position; city or country. Box 3166,
Call office.
YOUNG man who understands horses can buy
half interest in cood business for $300. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market st.
J2&o— RESTAURANT and lodging-house near
the city. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. TUX Market.
DENTISTS
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge;. guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure In one
day: 15 years' successful practice in S. F. :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 31, 1900.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$150— PARTNER wanted: will pay to each over
SSO per month. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777H
Market et.
WANTED— An Al grocery clerk. Box Sl6l. Call
' office. ¦
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price., 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts. -
Hfifr^CORNER saloon; bargain this day. MC-
LAUGHLIN &. CO.. 777% Market st.
j;P3_PARTNER wanted; manufacturing busi-
ness: staple goods: large profits. For par-
ticulars r<>e Mclaughlin & co., "77#
Market st.
DISHWASHER wanted: U a week; call at 7 In
the morning. 413 Pine st. •
WANTED— By good wheelwright, steady Job
city or country; strictly sober. Address box
3162, Call office.
WANTED— A third cook at 907 Kearny st.
JAPANESE, good honest man. desires a situa-
tion at saloon work or dishwasher or house-
work. MORITA, 725 Geary st.
WHEELWRIGHT and wagonmaker: city or
country. Address Wagonmaker. 787 Folsom.
FRENCH cook wants situation in hotel or pri-
vate family. 173 Minna st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
$250— BARGAIN: restaurant clearing $100 per
month: trial given; going to Cape Nome cause
of selling. Inquire at 639 Howard, in laundry.
TO let— Barber shop. 2 chairs; rent cheap.
3461* Seventh st-. cor. Harrison.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. •
FOR sole— Dairy and milk depot; cheap if sold
at once. Inquire at S2O Sixth St.
FOR eale — First-class saloon at a bargain. 32
Poet St., corner Kearay. --¦¦'¦:
$200— SALOON for sale at a sacrifice. Box 3157.
Call office.
FANCY grocery, strictly modern; good loca-
tion: unusual sacrifice. Apply PENNELL,
SUYDAM & CO.. wholesale grocers, 4 Cali-
fornia Et.
PARTNER wanted to Invest a small amount
of money In Cape Nome property that is
known to be good. Box 3143. Call. .
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnarzt. 6 Turk: painless
ext. crowns, bridgework: open Sund. till 12.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
day*. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
A BAKERY for sale cheap: 26 years establish-
ed; baking 3 barrels a day: all store trade:
on one of the leading streets of the city: pro-
prietor going to Europe. Box 810 S. Call.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1541 Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS operators on custom coats and
pants: also pressmen on coats. BELASQ3
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market Bt.
BARBERS: 2-chalr shop with baths In nearby
country town. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106
Ellis st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice -furniture and fixtures: new and second
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
st.. above Sixth.
CLEAN, sunny flat, 4 rooms. Corner Oak and
Laguna.
ELEGANT sunny flat; 4 rooms, bath. 645 Wil-
low aye., near Laguna st.
HORSESHOEING and general blacksmlthlng
chop; test sMnd this side bay: doing a good
trade; will sell very cheap. Box 2734, Call
office. Oakland.
{C;? 0— PARTNER retiring, wanted another; lady
preferred; handsome restaurant; good business
and location: or will sell or exchange. Box
3104. Call office.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment op»n to all during March. 103 Post.
FOR rent— slo per month: coal yard: new build-
ings: first-class, location: 8 stalls: large lot.
RIVERS BROS., 227 Montgomery St.
S. F. Dressmaking, • Ladles' Tailoring School
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
Afll. N T S WANTED.
LADlKS— Axentu: something new. t»2 G*htt
rt.. fan Franc>*oo.
FROF. A. MAPKKY of Egypt, greatest a*trolo-
ci« and palmist In the world: satl»*»^tlon
irjarart.-ci 427 Golden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE fre*: divorce law a specialty; private;
fia lee without success ; collections. G. W.
HOWE, mtfy nt law. f-W Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ?2? Market st.. opp. Mason.
K. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
FUT.ei tractice at f.03 Cal. St.. Clunie bide.
L S. CLARK. Emma Fpre-cke'.s bMc. 927 Mar-
ket : consultation !iee: m feey In advance.
BATH CABINETS THERMAL.
RORINSON jr. 4-panel folding: J«*e It before
buyirp. W. P. BROWN. Coast Act.. 426 Ellis.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN* HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
WINCHESTER Hotel 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$10—4 ROOMS; good cellar and yard: water free;
also 4 rooms, $8. 60 Chesley st., bet. Seventh
and Eighth, Bryant and ¦ Harrison.
2 LARGE rooms, with basement. If desired,
and sunny yard; cheap. 11 Harlan place, off
Grant aye., near Sutter st.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assny, cyanide, arch.; day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN UKR NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has be«n opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
3 H. P. STEAM hoist and boiler in perfect
order; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st.
AUTOMATIC sewing irachlne: oak woodwork:
latest attachments; cheap. 145 Sixth st.
HORSES. LI\ r E STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also, wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A— H. SIRRENBERG. the cook— Please call.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A 19-TON Fairbanks scale an<l flre and burg-
lar proof safe. 216 California st.
FOR SALE — Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL, Vet. Dentist. 605 G. G. ay.
2 SUNNY rear flats of 4 rooms. $8 each. V
Pearl St.. off Market, near Valencia.
$40— NICE business mare; will ride or drive;
read buggy. $30. 19 City Hall aye.
200 HORSES from Canty's ranch at the Sun-
set Horse Market, ISS Valencia st.
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Swltzer'a
Horse Market. Twelfth and Market sts.
WANTED
Stableman for delivery company, in city, $30
and found :......... -....
stableman." livery stable. In city, $25 and
found: hostler for nice country stable, near
city, $30 and found; gardener and groom for
private place. In country. $25 and found;
choreman for private place, near city, $26
and found: 12 vineyard hands. $26 and board:
milkers, $30 and board; ranch teamsters and
others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
OBPHEI'M Employment Office— Japanese, Chi
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 414>X O'Fs-rell st.: tel. East 456.
FURNITURE WANTED.
PRICE & ROSENBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture. 733 Mission; phone Black 4074.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates. legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
EMI'LO YJSIBNT WANTED FEMALE.
A LADY wishes to offer her services as com-
panion and assist with housework or do sec-
ond work; call between 10 and 12 o'clock. 145
Fillmore st.
HOUSES— LODGING; FOR SALE.
A— PARTNER in 2S-room house $1100
20 rooms on Turk 5t..... gr>o
8-room new Cat; elegant 650
IS rooms on 1 floor; near Call office...... 550
27 rooms; on Howard st; only $300 cash.. 400
•30 rooms; flne sunny corner: on one floor. 900
25 rooms; on Market St.; worth $1200.... 800
10 rooms; on Mason St.; payments 450
65 rooms; on Bush St.; clears $250 2SOO
30 rooms; on Kearny St.; grand bargain.. 2000
36 rooms; on Market St.: payments 1800
SO, 40 and 125 rooms: boarding-house.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you ti(-com« disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lr.p Works. 3?>3-"o7 Tehama Kt. ; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY f-t»am Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 BtM St.: tel. South 250.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. J.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4f-3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation; a good
laundress; flne hand to wash flannels and
blankets; good cook; or steady place in the
country- Call EOS Taylor st.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth et.; tel. JeEEle 944.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
COLORED woman wishes a place to do house-
work or plain cooking. , Call or address 223
Stevenson st.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter Bt.;
tet Main 354. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
500 MEN to attend grand opening "BIJou The-
ater," O'Farrell st., near Mason, to-night;
vaudeville, burlesque; 40 artists; admission
free.
S-ROOM flat, new house, north of Market,
rent $40 $400
14 rooms, corner, rent $40 450
10 rooms, north of Market, rent $33 400
15 rooms, housekeeping, rent $45 425
22 rooms, good location, rent $100 1250
26 rooms, comer, central, rent $115 1100
29 rooms, money maker, rent $90 1200
36 rooms, 1 floor, all sunny, new £50
f0 rooms, fltst-class and flne 2SOO
65 rooms, fine business proposition 2600
62 rooms, central, fine view 3SOO
100 rooms, 10-cent beds, rent $50... 1500
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO., 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
WANTED — Messenger boy. Apply own hand-
writing; state age and give references. P.
O. box 2045.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
GOOD boy to work In fruit store; one who
can drive. N.W. corner Twenty-fourth and
Hampshire sts. ;. ;
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN~&~CO. . . .PHONeT GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
6 flrst-class chambermaids for springs, resorts
and country hotels, $20; German chamber-
maid, Sacramento, $20; 2 chambermaids to
wait, city, $20; 10 waitresses, commercial ho-
tels and city. $20: woman cook. $30, San Ra-
fael.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrl. small family In the country (see
the party here at 10 o'clock), $30; houseglrl. 2
in family, $20 (see party here at 10 o'clock);
cook for mining town, free fare (see party
here); housegirl. city, $20, no cooking, choice
place, and others. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary at.
WANTED — A boy to attend ¦ store and collect.
Address, : stating age and wages, boat 3305,
. Call office. V
NURSE for institution; Eastern experience pre-
ferred: $30 and found; call early. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.: >>;,
A— KREDO & CO .TIV, GEARY ST.
:.. Money to Loan at Low Rates
9-room flat: newly furnished: central... $400
9 rocms; Howard St.; a snap. 200
10 rooms; nicely furnished; cheap 500
10 rooms; new and good: profitable 1000
16 rooms; new and good; profitable 900
25 rooms: modern corner; offices 2700
10 rooms; fine corner; central; only 400
37 rooms; best In city; clears $175 ISUO
105 rooms; modern: with el?vators ...5500
NICE 12-room house, Ellis, near Jones, $450; 18
rooms, nice furniture. Geary St., $600. C. D.
DAVIS, room 69. 916 Market St.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by widow of middle
age In family where an elderly person or in-
valid needs care, or any position of trust; ref-
erence Klven. Box 3169, Call office.
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
Knellsh, wishes a position to take care of
children or lady's maid.- to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union st ¦
BARBER wanted to buy best located barber
shop ln*Alameda: modern furniture, two re-
volving chairs, French plate mirrors; flne
business chance; will sell very cheap as a
whole or In lots to suit, cash or Installments.
Apply to -Oakland Auction Co., 465 Twelfth
St., Oakland.
WANTED— A position as housekeeper or to
take care of invalid; city or country. Apply
at 24 Freelon st.
WANTED— Fancy Ironers, $9 a week: Institu-
tion cook, $40; German cook, $30, no wash; 2
chambermaids, $20, country; German cham-
bermaid. $20: ranch cook, $20; 4 second girls,
$20; 10 hotel waitresses, $20, city and coun-
try; kitchen maid. "-$25; laundress and cham-
bermaid, $30; house girl, 2 in family, $25. see
lady at 10 to-day; Scandinavian house girl, 2
in family, $30; 7 restaurant waitresses. $6, $7
a week. J. F. CROSETT CO.. 316 Sutter st.
2 GOOD barbers for Saturday: wages $3. 713
SJlss'on st. *
I CHORUS girls to attend grand opening "Bi-
jou Theater." O'Farrell St.. near Muon, for
next week's burlesque, "Papa's Coming."
Admission free.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; $4
guarantee. 105 Fourth st.
BARBER for Saturday. 619 Kearny st.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged woman to : help In
small boarding-house; .German preferred; $15.
MRS. BUSH, 43rd aye. and Pt. Lobos road.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' custom
shirts. ROGERSON, 535 Valencia st.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
nil diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all Ekin diseases., heart and
nervous affectlor.«. The wonderful cures which
ehe has made are the talk of the whole slooe
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have be»n made rich, happy and
hralthy*. without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mail Is
always successful and satisfactory, and all
corrr.'Xiondence Is kept sacredly confidential
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence. IC6I
Seventh aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B. — Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
get off at Clinton Station. 2d station from
Broadway.
MBDA HOSKINS, 1423 Mkt., bet. 10th & 11th—
Cir. Mon. S p. m.. Thur. 2 p. m.. 25c: sit. dally.
MRS. C. J. MEYETt. 3?.5 McAllister: spiritual
readings dally; test clr. to-night, Thurs. at 2.
MRS. J.. I. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, ten, business
medium, life r^wdir: ritttne. Si. 1104 Market.
NEAT girl or woman for light housework and
plain cooking immediately. - 929 Pacific - st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1055% Fol-
som st. *
WANTED— Barber Saturday ¦ and Sunday: $5.
11 Sixth st. :.
TWO barbers wanted for Saturday; steady. 17
Taylor st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— To sell $1000 3-year fally paM »f«)
lnsuranco policy. For full Information ad-
dress MISS MANIFOLD. 758 Howard at.
WANTED- Vest finishers.: buttonhole j makers
and apprentices, r 509 Kearny, Bt.,» room 2. ¦,_¦¦
WANTED— First-class cook at once. 311 Taylor
,- street. -;¦ ¦ .- •; , ;- _ _ ¦¦-: - ... .¦ -
10
'LORD ESSEX— In-.ported fee $15
TEDDY ROOSEVELT— Winner flrst prize
at Los Anfreles fee $15
BRITAIN PRINCE— Own ton of Lord
Britain fee $10
DANDY STYLES— Own son of Sir Styles,
imr>orted fee SW
KlLDARE— lmn£>rted fee $5
Hiirh class does, from $10 to $75 (bred); also
prar.<l bucks for sale.
F. E. MASON. 1710 Everett Bt., Alameda. Cal.
Visitors welcome, except Sundays.
BEADLE Rabbitry, 2140 East First Et., Los
Anprles— Standard Belgians; Flemish giants:
ttock from Lord Britain. Yukon and Sir
Ftyies; write for prices.
SILVKR Gray Ratbitry. 1961 Bcctt rt., Les
Anpelf-s — One of the eldest rabbttrles In Los
Ar.geies; both standard and heavyweight: 800
head to choose from; all from Imported stock.
YOI'NG Belgian hares. $2 60 pair; 1 pen black
Minorca fowl. $5; 1 trio Plymouth Rocks, $5.
202S San Antonio aye., Alameda,
BELGIAN hares— Shipped anywhere: satisfac
grr.td. E. P. Brown, 271S Lanfranco. L. Ang.
SOME flrst-class stock at reasonable rates. J.
N. WILLIAMS. 448 S. Mott Et.. Los Angeles.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
FOR sale— Sociable tricycle; In flrst-class condl-
tlr-n. Box 2171. Call.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holme* Book Co.. 74 Mission St.. near Third.ROOMS FOR HOtSEKEEPING.
jl — 2 LARGE Bunny front rcoma furnished com-
plete for housekeeping: f2 DO per week; $10
per mcr.th: furniture all r.ew. Apply at shoe-
eiore. Ct2 Mission et.. bet. Flirt and Second.
BIRCH aye., til. bet. Lagur.a and Buchanan-
Two rooxaj 6r.3 kitchen, $7; water Included.
CALIFORNIA. 2t23— Eunny : arlors or rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable.
DORIS. 23, near Ninth and Harrison— New rear
cottages of 2 big rooms, : imfshed for bouse-
• keeping.
EDDY, 207— Nloely furnUhel sunny rooms: gas
b.,-1 t»*.th; light houi>ekecp:nfr allowed; cheap.
ri'DY. ill— Front housekeeping rooms; fur-
nished: splendid location; private residence.
ril.JiMORn. TZll. near Clay—3— 3 unfurnished
rooms, $10: also 2 unfurnished rooms, $7.
FIFTH. 34S— Two rooms furr.!shed for house-
keeping: chesp rent.
GLEN~PARK aye.. 8, off 12th. near Mission— 8
unfurnished sunny rooms; cijset and bath.
HOWARD 6T-0- Front room and kitchen, fur-
nlthed lor howeUeeping. !
HOWARD. 761' a— N'ccly furnlsh»d eunny single
and double rooms; houseke^ing; man and
wife; r«-anon»ble^ .
HOWARD, IZU— Larg* mjnny biy. window room
with kitchen complete for housekeeping.
jp-trcjF 478 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms for I
ftßht hou«wkeepin£^ terras^reatonable^
1 FAVFNWORTH. 225— Large sunny corner
Lay-winacw; American family, adulta; txzkpc
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIHRCE-RODbLPH 6to?ale~and~Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5715.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movlne Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; 'phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 1340 Market St.;
tel. South 655: packing, moving and storage.
SEWING .MACHINES AND SUI'PLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought. soldTmachlne iup-
plles. Standard Agency.l4s 6th; phone Mint 48.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
L A & P R 65.102%102?4
Market-st 63...128' A —
Do Ist M 55.. — 116%
NCN G R 75.10S —
N R of Cal 65.U3% —
N R of Cal 65.116%U7%
N P C R R 68.104% —
N P C R R 85. 107 108
N C R R 55. ...109 —
Oak G L&H55.108% —
; Oak Tran 65...U2%U-t
! Oak W Co 55.. — 1«%
Oceanic S C 0..105. .105 lv.it*
Om C Ry 68...12S ISO
P & Cl Ry 65. .104
Pk &O Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 6« f ll7 —
Bac L & GRSS 90 —
SF & SJV 65.118 —
S Ry of Cal 6s. 114 115%
B P RRof A65.U2% —
SP C 65(1905).113 —
Do (1906).... 113% —
Do (1912) .... — —
Do l9t eg 6s. — —
S P Br «5.....123 130
S V Water 6s. .114 114%
Do 45.... .....104 —
8 V W 45(3dm)102%103
Stktn Gas 65.. 100 103
Water Stocks —
Contra Costa.. 66 67%
Marin County. — —
Spring Valley. 95% 95%
Gaa & Electric-
Cent G L Co.. — - — ¦
Cent L & P... — 4%
Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Savings Bank." —
Ger S & L..1810 —
Hum S & L. — —
Mut Say Bk. 45 —
S F Say U.. 510 —
Say & L So. 74 .78
See Say Bk. — f —
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroads-
California ....120 121%
Oeary-st 50 —
Market-st Ry. 62% 63U.
O S L & H.... — . 50
Presidio 15% —
Powder Stocks —
California — 165
Giant Con Co.. 86% S7\i
Vlgorlt -.:.-.. : 8 3%
Sugar Stocks —
Hana 8 P Co.. 9% 9%
Haw C & S Co 87% 90
Honokaa S Co. 32% 82%
Hutch 8 P Co. 26% 264
Kilauea S Co.. 21% 22
Makawell S Co 45% 45%
Onomea S Co.. 27% 23
Paauhau S Co. 29% —
Miscellaneous —
Al Pack Aa5n.118%119%
Cal Fruit Asn.lol% —
Mer Ex Assn.. — 100. ,
Oceanic S Co.. 93% 95 .
Pac A F A... 2 —
Pac C Bor CtxlSO —
Par Paint Co.. 1* — .
- Morning Session.
Board—
100 Oakland Gas ." 48 50
35 Market-Bt Railway Co 63 00
200 Paauhau S P Co 29 75
65 S V Water..... 95 50
85000 Oakland Gas bonds 109 00
Street—
800 Honokaa S Co 22 00
125 Hutchlnson S P Co 26 25
115 Makawell .......;......... « 37%
100 Paauhau S P Co. b 8 ....; 29 75
85000 Contra Costa Water bonds ...... .;..106 25
JlOOO Oakland Gas bonds 109 00
¦ : Afternoon Session.
:¦.' Board—
100 Kilauea StP'Co 81 75
110 Makawell 43 37ft
¦ 60 Onomea Sugar Co 27 75
150 Paauhau S P Co 30 00
100 Paauhau S P Co .. 29 87%
80 Pacific Coast Borax ......~r... ......150 00.
8 Pacific Gaa Imp. .'. 52 25
100 8 F Gas & Electric Co, b 60........ E2 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co . ;.. 61 62%
15 8 V. Water 95 50
"':':. •_¦ Street—; "¦'.¦.¦/ -¦• ', '..
100 Hawaiian ' Commercial ¦A , Sugar.... 88 00 i
60 Honokaa S Co ..;;..;....,. .....'3225
.100 Hutchlnson SP Co .'......... ....... .26 25
15 Market-st ; Railway .63 00
$2000 S V 4 per cent 8d mort b0nd5... '...:. 102 75
PRODUCERS OIL EXCHANGE. ;
Morning: ¦ Session. .
Board — .J
'800 Anaconda' 55
'100 Barker Ranch ..." ...........115 M
100 Home Oil Co .......................... 3 65
: " . Afternoon Session.
' -..;'.; ..Board—:'. " '
•i 150 Anac0nda' . ....... ......... ?..*.... .~ „.. .' ' .&5 _¦
NOSS VALLEY RKAL ESTATE
ROES VALLEY villa lots. ECxIQO; $300 to $.V»; fine
view; fan Rafael water system; good drain-
age; S minutes' w&lk from station; sprinkled
roads. P. ROSS. Tamalpals Station.
VAN NESS aye.. $44 (The Wallace)— Rooms
and beard: furnished and unfurnished: 820 up.
ABOUT 8 acres f.ne soil, half a mile from Col-
* rr.a. fcbout 2 blocks from electric cars: part
cat-h If desired; a bargain. 445 Valencia st.
JTw. HORN. £12 Main st.. Petaluma: real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Bend
fcr fre* list of Sonoma County bargains.
' MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
Lend for sale in Swoma, Contra Costa. Glenn,
Far.ta Crut. Shasta snd Tehama Cos.. Cal.
FOR PALE.
One of the very finest pieces of paying busl-
r.ew property in the c!ty of Ean Jose. Cal.,
for the purple of .-lo«ing estate of Francis
Etock. deceased; "\ feet front on First *t.,
between Santa Clara and El Dor-do sta.. with
tr "L" of 2$ feet frontage on la Dorado St.:
¦!1 covered with business bulldiniTs paying $430
per rronth rental.
App'T to S. F. LEIB. attorney for executors.
Can Jc*e. Cal.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
COTTAGE — 5 rooms, bath, bsoement. stable; *j
Mock from Market «t. Apply 24^3 Folsom Ft.
ROOMS AND 110 A III).
3OTEL. FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market st— Kle-
rantlv furnished runny rooms; en suite or sin-
gle; with or without board; table first class;
reduced rates.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
BORN.
HAMMERSON— In Oakland, March 23. 1900. to
the wife of F. W. Hammernon. a son.
HUCKS— In this city, March 80, 1900, . to the
wife of Oeorge A. Hucks. a daughter.
ARRIVED.
Friday, March SO.
Stmr Curacao. Yon Helms. 11 day* from
Guaymas. via Ensenada 8 day*.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 25 hoars from Eu
reka. ¦ -
Stmr Greenwood, Tksertund, 15 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Cooa Bay, Shea. 78 hours from N»w
port (S), etc
Schr Reliance*. Anderson, SO hoars from Men
doclnow,
Schr; Falcon, Morchlson. 13 days from Port
Gambia.
CLEARED.
Friday. March 80.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka: GoodaJL
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Jennie. Esser, Cooks Inlet; Alaska.
Packers' Association.
Br stmr Bristol. Ifclntyre. Chemahnt: R
Dunsmntr*! Sons C<x
Ship Q*o Skolfleld. Swanton. Chignlk Bay;
Alaska Packers' Association.
Schr Bonlta, GeMireaux, Cape Norn«; master.
SAILED.
Friday. March SO.
Stmr Matteawan. Croscua, Tacoma.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Chas Nelson. Anderson. Lihue.
Ptmr Scotia. Jacobs. .
Stmr Valencia. Lane. Hunters Bay and Ores.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen. .
Stmr Noyo, Fosen. Fort Bragg'.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cras.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Fulton. Johnson. Grays Harbor.
Schr Vesa. Cook, *
Bchr Emma Claudtna. Nielsen, — *
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS, March 30, 10 p m— Weatne*
thick; wind west, velocity 18 mllea,
SPOKEN,
March 25, lat 43 N, lon 80 W— Br ship Ful
wood. from Oregon, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The wreck of the Br ship City of Florae* wm
sold to-day at auction to J Pantosky for 8427 SO.
with cargo.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLB-Salled March 29-SUnr Mackinaw. •
for San. Francisco; stmr Hum bold t, for Skajr
uay; stmr Pacific, for Copper River. March SO
— Stmr Victoria, for Tacoma.
GRAYS HARBOR^Arrlved March SO— Stmr
Coquilla River, hence March 2».
Sailed March. 29 — 6chr Laura May, for Ban.
Francisco.
NEWPORT (S>— Arrived. March SO— Stmr S«
quoia. from Fort Bragg. *
- EVERETT— Arrived March 10— Bark Oak
land, from San Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed March 30—
MineoU, for Nanalmo.
OLYMPIA— SaiIed March SO— Schr Joseph
Runs, for Santa Cruz.
BAN DIEGO-yVrrived March' SO-Tu* Sea
Witch, hence MaTch 24.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed March 23— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco. March 30— Schr Sadie, tar
Uznpqua. -
Arrived March 23— Stmr National City, from
Grays Harbor.
COOS ». BAY— Sailed March • 20— Bktn J L
Evlston. . for San Francisco; schr Gotama. for
Port Harford.
CASPAR— SaiIed March SO— Stmr Claone. for
San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 23— Br itmr
Athos. from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ADEI.AIDE— Arrived prior to March SO— Bark
Empire, hence Dec 81.
BRISBANE— SaiIed March SO— Br stmr M!o
wera. for Vancouver.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived March M— Haw
(hip John Ena, from Delagoa Bay, to load for
Ban Francisco.
COLON— Arrived March 23— Stmr Advaaea.
from New York.
Sailed March 28— Stmr Allianea. for X«w
York.
MANlLA— Arrived March 28— Stmr Cbna
maugh. hence Feb 8. • . .
DUNOENESS— Passed March 89— G«r ahlj> J
W Wendt. from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
FREMANTLB— Arrived March 89— Haw ship
Euterpe, from Port Lodlow.y &*i4vo**mt*^
ACAPULCO— SaiIed March 28— Stmr City of
Panama, for Panama: stmr Newport, for Pa
nama. . <!»B*S— — >¦*¦*— — l—^ l WWMSM—W
OCEAN STEAMERS.'
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed March SO— Stmr Do
minion, from Liverpool, for Halifax and Port
land. ¦
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed March t»— Stmr Kai-"
ser Frtederlch. from Hamburg, for New York.
HAVRE— Arrived March -80— Stmr La Gas-
Mogn*. from New York. ... ... _
CHERBOURG— SaiIed March 80— 8tmr Kaiser
Frtederlch. ¦ from Hamburg- and, Southampton,
for New -York. -•¦ •'- ¦ ¦ .
. YOKOHAMA— SaiIed March 80— Srmr Good
win, for Tacoma.
Shipping Intelligence.
100 Caribou ~ —•• .J?
100 Home Oil. b 15 — J £
10 Home Oil . J •»
200 San Joaquin * Oa
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the eales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning gesslon,
SOO Belcher 31] 200 Gould & Curry 20
100 Caledonia ?? J"0 Mexican . 25
100 Caledonia 87 100 Ophir — . fS
f.OO Chollar IS W> Ophir 81
500 Chollar 17 100 Scorpion ....... OS
800 Con Cal & Va..l 60 1W Sierra Nevada. 5o
200 Crown Point... 20 400 Union Con IS
Afternoon Session.
400 Belcher 31 100 Mexican 25
1500 Chollar 17 »0 Overman 20
10 Con Cal & Va..l 55 261> Savaga 16
50 Confidence ..... 75 100 Sierra Nevada. 6j
800 Crown Point... 20 200 Union Con 13
100 Gould & Curry 21 100 Union Con. IS
The following ,wer« the sales la th» Fadflo
Stock Exchange "Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Alpha Con 04 200 Ophir M
800 Best & Belcher 34 600 Overman 1»
•iio Chollar IS 200 Sierra Nevada. 6o
200 Chollar 17 500 Silver Hill 10
800 Con Cal & Va..l 60 200 Utah to
300 Gould & Curry 20
Afternoon Session.
300 Chollar IS 100 Ophir O
400 Gould & Curry 22 100 Sierra Nevada. fc>
200 Hale & N0r0... 25 500 Sliver Hill Is
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. March 10-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 Cl
Alta ©8 08
Andes 10 12
Belcher 33 33
Best & Belcher 31 35
Bullion 03 04
Caledonia »l 95
Chollar 18 17
Challenge Con. 23 24
Confidence 74 80
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 65
Con Imperial... 01 02
Con New York. 03 —
Crown Point ..20 21
Exchequer 02 04
Gould & Curry 21 21
Hale & Norc... 25 27
Julia - 02
Justice W 09
!Kentuck 01 03
[Lady Wash.... 05 —
Mexican 25 26
Occidental 12 It
pphlr S2 84
Overman 20 21
Potosl IS 13
savag» 15 16
Scorpion — 02
3eg Belcher.... 04 05
Sierra Nevada. B5 S6
Silver Hill U 15
3t Louis — 12
Standard 3 05 8 10
Syndicate 10 —
Union Con IS 13
Utah 09 10
Tellow Jacket. 13 18
lAFTONifiHINO crices ' for ladles' and gents'
cast -eft clothlrg, #tc. ; don't sell urtll you
learn rr.y offer. Postal M. Nathan. 10 Sumner.
BLAND'S second-band clothing store, 79 Ninth:
fell value given for ladles', children's ca»t-oIT
clothing, trunks, etc Phone. Howard 11S2.
MINNA. C 67. corner Eighth— New furnished bay
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MIPSIONT M7A (Avoca House)— New; newly
furnished; rent reasonable. FLICK, Prop.
NINTH, 160— Punny furnished rooms to let;
with or without board.
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$450— A BEAUTIFUL 8-room cottage, now com-
pleted; lot 35x100; part cash: on easy Install-
ments. Inquire F. GOODMAN, Abby St.,
All:ndale Tract, Frultvale.
FRUITVALEADVERTISEMENTS
-IRS. DR. L. BURGER, late matron cf Ger-
man HosvitaL N. T.. epeciallst for bladder.
kliney, skin disease* and cancer, office 1M
Fourth st. A testimonial: Wm. Oeterhold. San
Mateo Orphan Asylum, saye: I had cancer on
my left leg. I was treated by Mrs. Burger,
106 Fourth et., and certify that I was cured
In a short time. Wm. Osterhold. San Mateo.
A FINE suit to order $10 T5. or pants $3 75; our
FpeclsJty in remnants allows us to sell cheap-
er than rcacy-made. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
«., bet. 7th and £th. prep. One-price Tallor-
oring Co.. E3i Kearny, r.ear Sacto. ; also 1644
Market St., under St. Nicholas.
AT LEDERER'S. the fashionable hairdresser's,
you get the very newest fcalr devices for only
2- r/c;r /c; see Uie f.ne street wlrs he makes a speci-
alty cf. ITS Stockton rt. -
ELECTRic~ilghts !n every room; Winchester
Hctcl, 44 Third ft., near Market: 100 rooms:
rSe to 81 E0 p*r night: $1 CO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and bacc&se to and from the ferry.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 321 Bush St.. ad-
joining the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices.
1016. FOURTH RACE— Seven and a half furlongs; sailing; 1-year-olds and up; parse. 1400.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
PaJrr<?tr> ; reads 1 to S. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms
Ssc to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
IOIP. THIRD RACE— Thre* and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse. $350.
BARGAIN— Good upricbt: Iheap. SCHMITZ.
J6 McAllister st.. next Hilernla Bank.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKE-LEY REAL ESTATE.
6-ROOM cottage; good order; close to station
and electric cars; price $650: terms $10
monthly. RUDOLPH & PERKINS. Lorin.
MISSION, 945— A front room with folding-bed
and kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1425— Front or back parlor nicely
furnished for light housekeeping; also single.
MISSION, 1511— Newly furnished front and
back rooms for housekeeping.
1ime— %..:24%; H, :»; %. 1:15 H. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. Burns A
y> aterhouse's eh. f.. by imp. Brutus-Cosette. Corolla, nicely ridden. out«amed Gusto. May
dine was cloeinx fast. Tom Sharkey cut down. Morella away poorly. Fine Shot quit
early.
ARE you in need cf a p'Sano? W« have a larg*
assortment of new and eeeori-hand pianos of
ti.e best makers: sold fcr cash or very easy
payments; $6 down and $6 r er month for an
eletsct new upright; some Rood pfiuios for
$3. {4 ar.d $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
A- CO.. Stelnway driers, corner Sutter and
Kearny r=ts.. San Francisco; corner Thirteenth
and Broadway. Oakland.
THE THORNTON
STAKE WILL BE
DECIDED TO-DAY
Six Four-Milers to Start for
'the Rich Prize at Oak
land Track.
More Outsiders in Front Yesterday.
Corolla Downs a Field at 40
to I— Vesuvian First in
the Handicap.
' — '¦ — -•—
It Is only once a year that patrons of
the turf have the pleasure of witnessing
a four-mile contest, and no doubt the his
toric Thornton stake down for decision at
Oakland this afternoon will draw the
same vast throng of people as In past
seasons. The big event has been won in
the past by The Bachelor, Schiller, Judge
Denny, Star Ruby and Gllead. all tried
and sturdy performers. Schiller was
owned by Barney Schrelber, and beyond
peradventure of a doubt the St. Louis
bookmaker's entry. Forte, will be favor
ite for. to-day's race. The bay horse is a
stayer and handles weight well. Weller,
trained by Marley Klttleman, the once
well-known foot racer, has received a
special "prep." for the affair, and may
bag the game, for he also fancies a route.
The stable think well of Ledaea, and if
rated Potente might upset things. Twink
ler is by no means out of it, and with
such a nicely balanced lot of starters a
splendid race is looked forward to.
The sport at Oakland yesterday . fur
nished * another batch of long-shot win
ners, the only successful choices being
Montanus and Vesuvian.
The longest priced one to get over the
plate was Corolla, from the Burns &
Waterhouse stable, which captured the
opening number at 40 to L" Jim Morgan
piloted the filly, and in a hard drive led
the favorite Gusto out a head.
Mortgage, the 7 to 5 choice for the mlle
and-a-sixteenth run, next met defeat by
Donator. Johnny Ranch had the mount
on the latter horse, and catching the fav
orite below the paddock, beat him out a
head. Seven to one was laid against the
winner.
Ab Stemler's filly Illusion closed a luke
warm choice for the two-yeaa-old scram
ble, and her chances were ruined by the
start. Chaste, with Ross up, won easily
from Carilee.
After betting on the seven-and-one
half-furlong affair had progressed some
minutes the report gained credence that
Montanus was lame, causing the horse's
odds to go from 6 to 5 to 2. The price
against Monda was then rapidly cut from
4& to 11 to 6. The rumor did not hold
good, for after Monda had led until with
in less than a furlong from home Mon
tanus headed and beat him without diffi
culty. Rosalbra was third.
The even-money choice, Vesuvian, won
the seven-furlong handicap from start to
finish. Simply galloping, the colt led The
Fretter past the wire, with his mouth
wide open, in 1:26%. Rosormonde, which
seems to have gone back woefully, ran
third, never displaying much speed.
Johnny Woods, at last showed a spark
of his old form on the. back of Jennie
Reid in the closing mile run. He rode a
nice race out in front of his field, winning
at the end in a drive from Lothian, the
favorite.
To-Day' s Entries.
First race— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
1009 My Gypsy 98 958 Be Happy 11l
1003 Dr. Marks 116 998 Sorrow 11l
996 Los Prietos....ll6 1007 Poorlands 112
1002 Formatus 98 990 Periwig 121
¦ 973 Prestome 101 996 Ace 113
1017 Mamie G........1H1 1007 Croker .........109
Second race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; purse.
997 Too Hot IOSf 947 Ada Fox 100
991 Combermere ...1101 (997) Laura Marie.. .lls
(911)Sofala 120 1001 Impromptu ....108
1008 Mont. Chleftn.,loB 953 Moonbright ....115
... Prln. Titanla..lOs 1001 Rasp .....1C«
(1008) Screen. Lake.. .llo'
Third race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
1005 L. McWhlrter.. 99 913 Formero 110
984 Mountebank ... 96 S7B Headwater 107
967 Sly • H3 '766 Mldlove 110
221 Sidelong 107 (971»1mp. Clonsllla..l(«
993 Strongoll 107 1006 Tuthill 1W
962 Eepirando 110 1011 Cormorant 115
Fourth race — Four miles; three-year-olds and
upward; Thornton stakes; $3000.
927 Ledaea '..104 975 Oralbe* 106
987 Twlnkler 113 1004 Potente 112
(975)Weller .........109 (957) Forte 112
Fifth race— One mile and an eighth; three
year-olds and upward; free handicap.
1005 Flamora 96 999 Malay 104
100« Gauntlet 83 1014 Don Luis 85
612 Dr. Bernayß.... 95
Sixth race — One mile and a sixteenth; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
1012 Uarda 102 999 Coda 100
1006 Castake 109 1000 Merry Boy 107
623 Defiance ........ 98 10<>3 Mary Klnsella.loo
994 Horton 10S 1010 Flamero 103
1012 Storm King 112 994 Perseus 107
1003 Petal 96 1006 Snips 107
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Mamie G. My Gypsy, Periwig.
Second race — Sofala, Laura Marie, Impromptu.
Third race— Headwater, Sly, Clonsilla. j
Fourth race— Forte. Weller, Ledaea.
Fifth pace— Malay, Dr. Bernays, FJamora,
Sixth race— Horton, Snips, Merry Boy.
PHYSICIANS AND SIRCEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELXi — Office and residence.
TOr.H Market gt.. bet. Flxth ar.3 Seventh.
real. estate citx for sale.
modelThome!
8 large tunny r&>ms, bath, laundry, basement,
large attic, furoace, conservatory; lot 80x117
fe^t to alley; unobstructed view of city and
ray; beautiful flowers, lawns, fruit trees.
rhicken-house. etc ; 12500 cash, ba!ance easy
rayzsests. 15 Vickaburg et. ; take Twenty-
tecor.d-et. electric cars to 24th and Vlcksburg.
ttSOO— 2 FLATS, strcryrly built; Washington St.,
ne^r Larkln; lot i7:«x127:6; here are flats
jijrht near teT-n; S and 6 rooms and bath
each; must cci:. Box Zl'A. Call office.
V&h-l EUNNY flats; Broderick «_. near Clay;
f and 6 rooms and luh each; key lot; rents
jr/i; must be ti[&; for a few days only. Box
SIC, Call office.
HOTEL, 14 rorrar. bar. kitchen and dining-
room; <34 Fift.T ft,; rent cheap. Apply MAD-
ISON & BURKE.
FOR Fale — New house and, lot. Inquire "23
Fkiod aye.; sunny Fide.
tzm- WORTH 84000; store. 3 roams, bath; flat
above. 5 room*, bath; rented $22. 1417 Pacific.
IF you ha\e lots In Kiohmond district, north of
the Park, that you Kieh to 6ell quickly then
call on W. J. <;i.'NN. 120 California st.
HAVE-you real estate In the MlFslon or Hor-
r.rz't Addition that you wish to dispose of
then call on W. .T. G'JNN. X*> California Bt.
FOtt fale very cheap, lot 40xl€0; ea»t line of
Mi?fW>n Ft., bet. Kltrfcth and Ninth, with Im-
rrovemer.t*. G. W. H. PATTERSON CO..
tnt Market rU
MODERN 7-room r°F.ld<>nce; Broderick St., nr.
the Park: In perfect order; low terms. Ad-
drec* boi 4435. Ca:l office. >?*.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TO .L.KASI2.
KENILWORTH INN, romantically situatedfin
Mill Valley; 50 minutes' ride from Ban Fran-
cisco: completely furnished; 40 rooms; steam
and hot water baths; electric light*; heaters
throughout; elevators, etc.; rent low AnDly
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market «t.
TO Lease — All or part of vacant property; 95x
160: on Mltslon st., near Fifteenth: will build
light structure. Owner, box 3109, Call. ¦:
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 416 Montgomery B t.. rooms 9-10; tel. 6620.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third
TWO neatly furnished single rooms; with or
without board. 2C4 Minna st.
It CAL ESTATE COIXTUV — For Sale
MARRIED.
TRIEBER— LEWIS— In this city, March 25,
1900, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Albert Trieber
and Ray Lewis, both of San Francisco.
NEW family hotel: first class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table: special Inducements to
select people. 807 California Bt., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
A— H(«TEL La Normandle, 32« Eddy— Bunny
suites and single rooms; everything new; flrst-
c!a»s table and service; prices moderate.
GOMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Eight.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
3 Chartler, Denver
5 II Holmes, Utah
} P Pcwy, Utah
rl W Thornburgh, USA
W B Friday, Pa
V U Lalb U S A :
I McNeil, Santa Cruz
Mrs McNeil. Sta Cruz
L, C Krueger, Chicago
tVR Graef, NY
Mrs Graef, NY
R S Cassldy, Cal
Mrs Cassedy, Cal
L. Newman, Toledo'
Urs Newman, Toledo
P A McAllister, Wls
(V W Crlbbs, Dawson
1 H Allen. N V
Miss M Preston, Ptld
2 W Preston. Portland
Lieut S O Scott, Alctz
2 R McWUJJams, N V
f R Bu*ley; N V
H J Louis. N V
W H Smith, Cal
Ure Smith, Cal
3 M Brown,' Ky
Mrs H C Hall, Ky
tV W Rice. N.Y
D -N Dickinson, Colo
H Babcock, NY
Mrs Babcock, NY
T Flint Jr. San Juan
r J Field, Monterey
«rs Field. Monterey
I A Klley. Chicago
X Stuart, Detroit .
Hrs E A WeldrunV NY
Miss Weldrum, N V
Mr Sutherland, China
Mrs Sutherland. China
W D Shea, NY
V J Frank, Chicago
tfrs S Rubin, Chicago
f B Rahm, Omaha
Virs Rahm, . Omaha
r W Lowry. Colo
3 J Warner, Los Ang
«rs H W Soott. Pa"
r P Logan, Spokane
V W Patterson, 8 Jose
Mrs Patterson, S Jose
f D Reed. Stanford
Mr* Reed, Stanford
S C Evans, San Rafael
Wra Evans, Sn Rafael
Mrs A Dibble, Ross
5 B Cuchingr. S Rafael
Urs Cushlng, S Rafael
fl M Pflagrer. Chicago
J Badge, Delaware
<" Welsendanper, L A
3 F Hutchlnson, USN
V J Rust. Wisconsin
Sirs Rust. Wisconsin ¦
Mrs H C Ward, Mich
vliss J C Manlier, Men
r S Glass, Berkeley
tflss J Jones, Pa
Vliss Jones, Pa
virs E M Morgan, Pa
Ulss E B Samson, Maa
lire J A Houston. Mas
5 Houston, Boston
T H Oliver, St Loul*
tfrs Oliver, St Lou la
I P Cross, Stanford
?V Scott. Michigan
.V J Wlllett, Mich
Virs WllletV Mich
fV Henry, Denver
CV Harper, Phlla
W P Wilson, Phlla
r P McCall, NY
Mrs A A F Ricks, Cal
tfiss L Barnes, Ky
3 AD Puter, Cal
fl A Moore, Cal
j A Crane, Sta Cru*
Virs Crane, Sta Cru»
SV-T Camp. USN
HD Davis. U 8 X
it L Mason. Boston
P Horback, Omaha
4. A AverlM, Portland
A E Alnsworth. Seattle
E D Llbby. Toledo
Mrs Llbby, Toledo
R R Lee, Toledo
Mrs Lee, Toledo
r Law, Colorado - •
*. R Harden, Nevada
f W Eldrldge, N.Y
GRAND HOTEL.
Q G Brooks, Colusa
B A Trefethln, Lathrp
B Myer, New Mexico
J C Dornin, Tacoma
Q D Worswlck, Cal
G W Brown, Cal
J Hlrsch. Cal
J M Pnart & w.Cal
L* L Crawford. Chgo
A Fay. Bakersfleld
r T Smith;- St; Paul
H Thompson, Seattle
S Rummelsberg-, ! Cal
J R Judge, i Carson •
G P McKay & w, Ohio
D C Clark. S Cruz
J M Eldridge. NY
DM" Dysart, Iceland
8 Rothschild. Ohio
T W Hawkins & w.
• Holllster
M J Dlllman & w. Cal
Mrs J C Nickels. Pa
Miss Thompson, Pa '
A J Gibson & w.Utah
C F Mann. NY
C H May & w.Or
Mrs A W.Wier, Newrk
Mrs W F Sheard, Taeo
G ¦ Longstreet ' & w,
Guaymas
F A Jones. Byron .
J J Brown & w, Pitts
Miss M. A Brown Pa
Miss J H Brown, Pa
Miss I S Brown. Pa
i MtT ' Barnett, Cal
Mrs F H Nagle, Cal
E D Sevlrs- Cal
R M Straus, Mexico
R F Cowell, Stanford
C H Jolnce, ¦ Stanford
F t, Clark & dau. Pa
D J Arpln & w, ; Mich
Mrs J N Cameron, Wls
Miss CM Friend. Cal
J A Sutherland, N V-
J D McGllvray, Denvr
D D Feeree, ¦ Denver
C A 'Hall, Monterey
W\ Scott. Wisconsin
Mrs .H : H Carder 4t
• adughter. ' S • Cru»
Miss F Ogur, 8 Jose
Miss Ogur. San Jos*
H,B Btacy, Minn
F AxCurtln, Stanford
B X Culver. Stanford
Mrs . W B Cookes, Cal •
Mrs F M Ingrin, Cal
H ... Wlttenburg, -Or • ¦
A Cosgrove. '¦ S Diego '
O. Thelln," New Mcx
.0 ,T i Parr. Portland
NEW. WESTERN HOTEL.
J-,w Carlco, Los Ang ;
O M . Dunlap, Vallejo
E Jacobs." . Los Ang ¦
W L White, Los Ang- ':
W ¦ Moaner, ¦• Los Ang
F R Shatter & w.:CaI
H Dickens. Llvermore
J.W.Keatin*. Fresno;
T= B Crandall.'Marj-sv
W; Hunter.' Sonora
)J O Butler * tt, Mo-
R Kelly, Chicago •
D F. Buckley, lowa
W Chirm, Vallejo
J Murtha, St Paul
H Reinhart, • Merced *
B F Morrison, Monterey
F Gately, Riverside •-. ,
P J Anderson,' Ran Jose
IF BmHlv."-: Maj-jßVilla
TENTH, 153— Unfurnished sunny rooms and
bath: In good condition; reasonable rent.
TAYLOR. £10 — Sunny furnished rooms; gaa and
running water; quiet house.
SAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor #t., near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture: hot and cold water; radiators; salt
sea baths; suites and single rooms.
ROTAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
ltrht. reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor: rooms, per night. Ssc to $1 50: week, $2
to (S: month. JS to $20; elevator on office floor;
ROSEDALE House, 319 & 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
nigrt. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $1; open night.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.:
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas,
POST, 217— Sunny suites and single rooms; day.
week or month: terms reasonable.
ORLANDO House. SS9 Howard, cor. Sixth-
Bunny rooms; prices to BUlt; open night.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M., Ph.D.. ISIS Linden St.. Oakland.
WANTED— OId go.d for manuf'r. O. NOLTE.
}etre\er. 24? OTarrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
IF you wish full value for your cast-<iff cloth-
lng '•a.:i or. B. Cchea. ICT Third: tel. B!ack 413.
LADIES* and gents' ca»t -off clothing bought and
6iM. ailverman, ?M Folsom: t»l. Fols^m list.
ALASKA fur rarme-tf. h~>d*. n-lttt. leather
coats. H, M. HKINr.MAN. V: 1 } Panmrne St.
TO SAIL.
O'FARRELL. £o— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights: day, wk., mo.
MCALLISTER. 416. Sd flat— Nicely furnished
eunny room; gentlemen only; board optional.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia: all pain leaves like magic from her
woni>rfu'.!y gifted hanflf. 1343 Howard st.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR removed by the only
effectual method— the Electric Needle; free
trlsJ tr<*atrr.ert. Room 14. 1206 Market st.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
Time— %, :25%: %. :50; %. 1:1«: mil*. 1:43. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner
R. Hughes' b. m. ( by El Rio Rey-Fonsetta. Jennie was stopping at the close. With a good
ride. Alaria would have been returned winner. Captive not released. Nllgar Qnlt.
Scratched— Pongo 111.
FIFTH. 107— Unfurnished rooms to let.
LEDERER'S Qulnton'.ca hair tcnis Is without
a rival: Sic bet. Lederer's Foazno Shampoo
cleanses t . ... :> perfectly: Ie p'kp. 123 Stockton.
G. D. MORSE, photographer, 2605 Pacific aye..
between Pierce and Scott; phone Stelner 319 L
BURNETT, 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rros.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
NEARLT.new 7-room house, on the sunny side
of street, only 2 blocks from the station and
1 block from electric cars; in thorough order:
sanitary plumbing; to close an estate we will
Bell at a bargain. MASON & McLENA-
THEN. adjoining Postofflce, Berkeley station.
Time— 3-16, :19; 7-16, :41%: 11-16, 1:09%: 7W. 1:35^. Good start. IVon easily, second and third'
driving. Winner, W. D. Randall's b. h.. by Montana-Flirt. Montanus waa reported sor*.
He outfooted Monda last furlong. Rosalbra should have been second. Scratched— lmp
Clonsilla 108.
NEW houses to rent; adjacent to the university
grounds; 8 and 9 rooms, with all the latest
Improvements; In the very best part of beau-
tiful Berkeley. MASON & McLENATHEN,
adjolninsr Postofflce, Berkeley station.
PALMISTRY.
$3500 — Modern home of 8 rooms; street improved
and near cars. O. G. MAY & CO.
SEE our building lots on Grove st. for $400:
' near University aye.; snaps. O. Q. MAY &
CO.
Time— S-16, :lt%: 7-16, :43U. Fair start. Won easily, second and third driving. Winner. O.
W. Cushlng's b. f., by Jim Gore-Imp. British Blue Blood. Winner ran like a fair one. Nell
gourie only stopped last thirty yards. Illusion almost left. Qlrly Ducat lacked sr>e«d.
•Coupled with Chaste.
PACIFIC. 3C6 and 828— Two handsome large
stores; very cheap.
$3700 — BARGAIN in new modern 7-room house;
plumbing A No. 1; finely located on Durant
aye. O. G. MAT & CO.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptions has been established at 109(
GUTTER, 111S— Nice, sunny <-orner eulte; occu-
pied by a doctor last 10 rears; modern lm-
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
FOlf~rer.t-E!ega_t offices la Y. M. C A.
building, Mason and Ellis »tt.
EtTPBBXOB v'.rlins. zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, r-palre-. 2 Latham place
2 OR 3 furnished rooms for housekeeping; rent
$8. 12 Twelfth St.
TWENTY-THIRD. 8166, near Howard— J or 8
nice sunny housekeeping rooms; no children.
URK, 127— Large sunny rooms for housekeep-
ing. $9 a month; stove; running water; also
¦lncle rooms.
W. G. BADGER. OJ Sacran ento St., agent for
Francis Bacon asd Hallett & Davis pianos.
TtOS'T buy: rent a new pi:.no. 13 per month.
SCOTT -CURTAZ PIANO >X>.. 660 Hayes St.
O'FARRELL. 1023. near Van Ness aye.— Parlor
suite: housekeeping accommodations If desired.
A BARGAIN-f.eiriway. $1-': "tore open Sat
evening. Heine Piano Mff. Co.. 126 Ellis it
MINNA. 739— Two sunny furnished rooms for
light housekeeping.
1013. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; sellln*; three-year-olds; purs*. $300.
LARKIN, fO4 — Sunny front room. 1 or 2 per-
pc*>.s, rent $6; large back room, houiekeep-
lnr. $7.
BICSICAI. INSTRUMENTS.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2014 Powell street. . thence ¦to bt.
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers.
GREEN— In this city. March 29, 1300 John,
relict of the late Margaret Green, and father
of Mrs. William McDevltt, a native of County
Cavan. Ireland, a*ed SO years. (Philadelphia
papers please copy.) ...
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday) at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1464 Fifteenth street, between How-
ard and Folsom, thence to St. Charles Bor-
romeo's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GREENLIN— In this city, March 29, 1900. Her-
bert, youngest son of-Qlarence and Elizabeth
Greenlin, a native of San Francisco, aged
3 years and 8 months. *
tC7Friends of the family are reepectfully
invited to attend the funeral this day (Sat-
urday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of his
parents, 306 .Tenth' street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
HUTCHINSON— In this city, March 2«. 1900,
Patrick Hutchinson, a native of Kilkenny,
Ireland, aged 50 years. --
TPT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tho funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Comcany, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
KELLY— In this city. March 28, 1900. Mary,
beloved wife of Michael Kelly, and mother of
Thomas F. and Catherine Kelly, a native of
County Galway, Ireland, aged 68 years.
C 7" Friends an-1 acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday) at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 13VS Beldeman street, between Scott
and Devisadero, thence to Holy Cross Church.
Eddy street, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
LEGGE— In this city, March 29, 1800, Robert,
beloved husband of Annie Legge, and father
of Dr. Robert T. and the late J. William
Legge, a native of Missouri, aged 56 years and
2 months.
(CTNbtice of funeral hereafter.
LINDSTROM— In this city. March 29, 1900, John
Lindstrom, beloved husband of Augusta Lind-
Btrotn, and father c f Robert Lindstrom, a
native of Sweden, agad 41 years.
(I :t Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen & Co., 223 McAllister street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city. March 30, 1900, Anal*,
beloved wife of James McCarthy, mother of
Daniel. James. Annie, Ella, Robert and Cor-
' nelius McCarthy, and sister of Joseph and
James McCloskey. a native of Dunglven,
County Derry, Ireland, aged 46 years.
McGEE— In this city, • March 29. 1900. Robert B.
McGee. beloved husband of Mary McGee,
and father of John N.,' James C. and Jennie
McGee, a native of County Longford, Ire-
land.
CyThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at E:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 613 Hyde street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McMULLIN— In Santa Rosa. March 29. 1900,
Joseph E.. beloved son of Mrs. John McMul-
lln. and brother of W. J.. G. H. and T. F.
McMullli. and Mrs. J. C. Hobson. a native
of San Francisco, aged 28 years 6 months and
4 days.
£7" The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at Healdsburg.
MORIARTT— In this city, March -30, 1900, Dan-
iel, beloved son of the late John and Bridget
Moriarty, and brother of the late Mary Mor-
larty, a native of San Francisco, aged 32
years.
C7"The funeral will take place Monday,
April 2. 1900, at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 22 Howard court, off Howard street,
between Fourth and Fifth, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
PACHECO— In San Rafael, March 29, 1900. John
J. Pacheco, dearly beloved husband of Julia
Pacheco (ne« Tanforan), father of Frances O.
Pacheco. and brother of Guemecindo, August
and Salvador Pacheoo and Mrs. C. C. Valen-
cia, a native of San RaXael, Cal., aged 3S
years.
C^Notlce. of funeral hereafter.
SEXTON— In this city. March 30, 1900, Thomas
Sexton, beloved brother of Dennis, Patrick,
Honora and David Sexton and the late Mrs.
Margaret Murphy, a native of Ashford,
County Limerick, Ireland, aged 65 years.
(C7FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
» fully Invited to * (tend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o clock, from the residence of
his brother, David Sexton, 2952 Twenty-third
street, thence to St. Peter's Church, where a
requiem high mass will b» celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
! Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SHAUGHNESSY— In this city. March 80, 1900,
Frank H., dearly beloved son of William and
Ida C. Shaughnessy, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 16 years and 11 months.
SHOOP— In this city, March 30. 1900, Joseph,
relict of the late Catherine Shoop, a native of
Pennsylvania,' aged 70 jears 2 months and 10
days. ...
tcyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), f rcra . Odd Fellows' Hall, corner
Market and Seventh streets, where services
will be held under the auspices of Western
Addition Lodge No. 285. I. O. O. F., commenc-
ing at 1 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of H. *F.
Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street.
TONKS— In Oakland. March 29, 1900, Louisa
Warner Tonks, wife of Joshua Tonks, mother
of Mrs. George Mahoney and John Tonks and
sister of Sarah Chapman and Marian Ed-
wards, a native of Birmingham, England,
aged 63 years 4 months and 27 days.
(C7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this • day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence, Shattuck avenue, between Fifty-
eighth and Fifty-ninth streets. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Friends are invited
to attend.
WHEELER— In San Mateo, March 29, 1900,
Jennie Wheeler, wife of C. B. Wheeler, and
sister of Annie Edwards.
TANDELL— In this city, March 30. 1900, Laura
E-, wife of the late Oeorge W. Tandell,
mother of Samuel, Charles and Alice Calvin,
and sister of Mrs. Mary L. Chamberlain, a
native of Illinois, aged 6S years 4 months and
12 days.
THE GALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1900. by H. H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Friday. March JO, 1900.— Weather fin*. Trac* fast.
HENRY d- GALLAGHER, CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan <t Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
80 Flftb at., opposite Lincoln School.
l£MgßQ9§ev lele£uoa« South &0« v
MARKET, 2452— 2 nice rooms for housekeeping;
private family; no children; $6.
MOSS. 13, off Howard, near Seventh— 2 or 8
rooms furnished complete for housekeeping.
NATOMA. 739. near Ninth— 2 sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; party to assist In work. .- .:-'i;"-.
AN unpq-jalei record— Our kusiners Is larger
than <-v-r: our prices the lowest: our terms
rea«^nab!e: our guarantee absolute; high-
trade j.lanoe from $S2i v?: medium-priced
piano* from $190 up: second-hand p.ar.o? from
S-'o rp: iHanos for rent: sole agents for Chlck-
erirr. Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos. 16 to
. ?0 Q'Tarrell ft.
A FinST-CLAPS upright gtelnway; several sec-
ond-hand uprights in perfect condition; 7-
octave square. $S5; will be 6old this week by
J. HEWING CO.. Flood building, acer.ts for
Hazelton. New Dewing Bros., Chase Bros.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
8 rooms $7519 rooms $100.00 8 rooms $45
6 r00m5.... 30[5 r00m5.... 22.50 10 r00m5.... 40
7 r00m5.... 40:6 r00m5.... 25.00 6 r00m5.... 30
7 r00m5.... 3o'B r00m5.... 75.00 10 r00m5.... 50
Great bargains in improved property.
Lots all sizes $250 to $4000. ~
¦ E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park St.
$4SO WILL buy a nice corner lot. 40x117, near
station, or will build new modern cottage of
6 rooms. Including this lot, for $2000. J. H.
YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park gt. ¦¦ v.
$4500— ELEGANT home of 9 rooms on Grand St.:
In a park-like neighborhood: all- modern Im-
provements; near station and school; this Is a
great opportunity, as owner is going to Eu-
rope. Call or address H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1432 Park St.. Alameda.
MODERN house of 7 rooms and bath; rent
$16 CO. 2103 Clement aye.
A FEW pianos will be Bold for storage at auc-
tion prices; dirt cheap for cash. WILSON'S
Ftcrage. 3TIO Vaiket gt.
NOE, 153. north of Market— Furnished hand-
Eome corner bay-window flat; piano; $27 60.
OAK. 119— Large sunny front room, range,
closet, furnished for housekeeping, $9; also one
POST, 962— Sunny suite, housekeeping, $18, also
single rooms. v. ¦ •'¦--.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping: cheap rent. *•
GOOD uprlcht piano: ne irly new; cheap.
HORNI'CG'S. lit McAllister St.
1014. BECOND RACE— MiIe and a sixteenth: three-year-olds and upward: purse. $400,
Time— l-16. :06%; 5-16,, :31: 9-li. :5«; 18-16. l:22Vi: mile. 1:41«4: 1 l-16m, 1:43. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, C. Mulholland's br. g.. by Imp. Brutus-Mls9 Gift. Dona
tor excellently handled. Ross on Dogtown tried to go between the two leaders and wa*
mighty har*. won^ Don Luis ran a bad race.
8160O— Al 6-ROOM cottage; all modern; wind-
mill, tank and frame; lot 40x135; close to sta-
tion and electric cars; $150 cash, balance
$16 monthly. RUDOLPH & PERKINS, Lorin.
S-ROOM house; lot 60x100; close to station and
electric cars; price $630; $100 cash, balance $10
monthly; take Berkeley cars, get off at Lorin
station, ask for RUDOLPH & PERKINS,
Lorin.
WASHINGTON. 620— Housekeeping rooms;
newly papered; $5 per month.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
JUST secured— A lot within 1 block of th» Uni-
versity for $700, and will build house on easy
terms. O. G. MAY & CO.. Berkeley station.
AN elegantly furnished front alcove room,
bath adjoining; marine view; suitable for 1 or
2 gentlemen. SIS California St., nr. Powell.
EDW. BELLE — Oudry. photographic Paris-
lenne. Entrance 16th, nr. Washington. Oekld.
INFORMATION wanted regarding where-
abouts of T. J. COOK (formerly Cook &
Wry): wa* a contractor and builder in this
City ISSO to 18J4. Address box 81. Builders'
Association, 81S Burn et.
CALIFORNIA. 705 (St. Peter's House)— New
bouse, newly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
1017. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; fr»e handicap; three-year-olds and op; purae, 1400.
CURLED or waved hair can be quickly ob-
tained by uelng Talcott's Curilng Fluid; 25
cents bottle.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunn*. corner; well turn.; rms. & offices.
CASTRO, 611— Two unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; rent J4.
CLIFFORD, corner Ellis and Jlason— Elegant-
ly furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
WE have got to sell within 1 week B acres of
perfectly level land, fronting on 100-foot street
and not 6 minuses from Berkeley station;
•treet work done; the best bargain we have
had for years.
MASON McLENATHEN,
Adjoining Postofflce. Berkeley. I
EDDY, 20y — Newly furnished large sunny front
rooms, with German family.
Time— tt. :13; %. :37; H. l:01U: %. 1:28%. Good start. Won easily, second and third driv
ing. Winner. W. B. Jennings St Ca's b. c*. by Imp. St. Andrew-Hot Spring. Vestrrlan
cherry ripe. Rosormonde has gone back. Mamie O cut off on back stretch. Good Hop*
messed about. Scratched — Poorlands 80. *Coupled with Good Hop*
IOIS. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
FOLSOM. 965. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished roorr.s: suites or single; new mgmt.
FRANKLIN, 21 (Newport)— Nicely furnished
rooms; suite or single; also housekeeping.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
GEARY. 403 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms:suites or single; travelers accom.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 730 — Large sunny room
unfurnished; private; running water; $S.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en eulte or
tingle; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission St.— Select
family rooming house; $1 £0 to J5 per week.
HARRISON, 784%. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; {1 a week.
BUNNT room?, single, en suite and housekeep-
ing: $4 up. Hotel Shasta. 1226 Broadway.
HOWARD, 829— Rooms from (1 week up to $5,
25c to $1 night: also housekeeping romos.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALiU.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, ths
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 103 (50
cents per chare) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 827 Market street, on and after Mon-
day, Aoril 2, 1900. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, March 27. 1900. at 3 p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK. 80—2 sunny front rooms and
bath; suitable for men; in private family.
PROPOSALS FOR FIELD RANGES— Depot
Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Montgomery
Ft., San Francisco, Cal., March 28, 1900—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. m,,
April 12, 1900, Pacific Standard time, for fur-
nishing 200 large field ranges, with privilege
of Increase of 60 per centum, samples to be
submitted by bidders. Preference will ibe
given to articles of domes tic production and
manufacture, conditions of price and quality
being equal (Including In- the price of fbrelgn
production and manufacture the duty there-
on), and such preference will be given to ar-
ticles of American production and manufac-
ture produced on the Pacific Coast to the ex-
tent of the consumption required by the pub-
lic service there. The United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
• posals or any part thereof. Information and
blanks for proposals will be furnished on
application. Envelopes containing proposals
will be indorsed "Proposals for Field
Ranges." and addressed to Captain OSCAR
F. LONG, Assistant Quartermaster, U. S.
Army, Depot Quartermaster.
STOCKTON. 12 (over Pup Rotlsserie)— Nicely
furnished rooms from Jl2 to $30.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A rood rooming house
for rood people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE PIEBMONT. 119 A Sixth— Sunny furnished
rooms: double and single: ea*y terms.
TtTRK, J9— Elegant rooms, en suite or single;
transient, central and reasonable.
VALENCIA, 834%, near 20th— Front parlor and
kitchen; furnished housekeeping; use of bath;
112 50.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Simon Gheghazza, 30, city, and Caterlna Guls-
tle, 24, city.
Gustavus W. Gard, 25, 706 Clementina street,
and Mary E. Sylvester, 22, 27 Oak street.
Frank A. Dennis, 26, 422 Duncan street, and
Leila Lamat, IS, 926% Capp street.
Charles S. Jacobs, 32. 1271 CFarrell street,
and Julia K. Herzog, 22, San Rafael.
Emery A. Crosby, 33. 826 Hampshire street,
and Annie N. McKay. 31. 415 Twentieth street.
Henry J. Hardy, 26. Isllp, N. V., and Aura
Ingle, 19, Moscow, Idaho.
James Rennlson, 48. 204 First street, and
Rosenna Travers, 30, 204 First street.
. Joseph V. Ichbaum. 28, 101 Devisadero street,
and Charlotte I. Brady. 17, 94 Devisadero street.
Calvin L. Curtis, 45. 1016 Ellis street, and
Alice E. Saylor, 16, 1016 Ellis street.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and eubscrlptlons has been opened
at 1213 Polk Et.; ©pen until 9 p. m. ° ¦<„¦;.- ¦¦».
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fuhscrl^tions has been established at 1096
Valencia Ft.
Time Ball
Branch Hydro&raphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
March 30. IDOO.
The time ball on the tcwer of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c . at noon of the 12Cth meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
ti-.-v- .¦ . C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. 9. N.. In charge.
BELORAVIA Hotel, Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; modern
conveniences; rates reasonable.
O'FARRELL 605— Elegant rooms; sun all day.
with Drivate bath; also single rooms with
board: beautiful rrounds: references reas.
United State* Coast and Geodstle Survey-
Times • and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOCE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street - wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. MARCH 11.
HTDE. 1119%— Choice rooms, with board; pri-
vate. .--
NICELY furnished runny rooms, with or with-
out board; $20 up. 742 ©"Fan-ell st.
HOTEL SALISBURY, Hyde and Eddy; changed
' hands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS, IS2O Market et— Suit* of 1 or 3
rms.; private: bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
KOOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED by married couple (desirable ten-
ants)— Large, sunny modern room with small
• j.artment adjoining for lightest of housekeep-
ing; breakfast only; private; east of Van Ness
aye. Box 2088. Cull.
Sun rises ..B:ST
Sun sets .. 6:32
Moon sets... • 7:64 p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning 1 tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence, as to time. The
second time ¦ column elves the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last ' or right hand column irlves the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus aUn (— ) precedes the height,
and then the numßer given Is subtracted from
the depth • riven by the chart*. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
DIED.
Altken, Je«»le R_ Lindstrom, , John
Baclgalupl, Honora McCarthy. Annlo
Calnan. Daniel McGee. Robert EX
Cronln, Julia Mc.MulUn. Joseph E.
Danforth, Irene - Morlarty, Daniel
Degan. Frank S. Pacheco. John J. '
Devoto. Wilhelmlna Sexton, Thomas
Fay, Mamie Shaughnessy, Frank
Green, John Ehoop, Joseph
Greenlln, Herbert Tonks. Louisa W.
Hutchinson. Patrick Wheeler. Jennie
Kelly, Mary Yandell. Laura EL
Legge, Robert
AITKEN— In this city, March 29, 1900, Jessie
R., beloved daughter of Samuel and Agnes
-A. -Altken, and sister of ¦ Florence, ' Samuel.
Thomas, Sidney and Robert Altken, a native
of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 7 months.
BACIGALUPI— In this city, March 30, 1900,
Honora Alma, dearly beloved and only daugh-
ter of Louis and Josie Baclgalupl, and sister
of Guldo and Robbie Baclgalupt, a native of
Ban Francisco, aged 7 months and 17 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from tho residence of
her parents, 618 A Lombard street. Interment
New Italian Cemetery, San Mateo County,
Cal.
CALNAN— In this city, March 30. 1900, Daniel,
beloved husband' of Hannah Calnan, and
father. of John and Julia Calnan and Mrs.
Henry Collins, a native of Ballinsplttle.
County Cork, Ireland, aged 64 years.
CRONIN— In Golden Gate, March 30. 1900, Julia,
relict of the late James Cronln, and mother of
Henry Cronln and Mrs. J. McGann. a native
of Ireland, aged 7J years.
E7" Friends are invited to attend the funeral
services to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at
JijColumba'g Church. Interment private, St.
lUry's Cemetery.
DANFORTH— In this city, March 80, 1900, Irene,
daughter of F. R, and Linola Danforth. a
native of Vallejo, Cal. -
DEGAN— In this city, March 80. 1900, Frank S.
Degan. a native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
DEVOTO— In this city. March 29. 1900. ~ Wil-
helmlna. dearly ' beloved wlf c¦ of David De-
voto, daughter of Mrs. Lena Roeder. and
mother of Carrie, . David, Marguerite, Arthur
and Hazel Devoto, a native of Wurtemberg,
Germany, ' aged 39 years 5 months and 1 day.
(Santa Ana, Cal.. papers please copy.) -.- ,•-. .
£7" Funeral takes place » this " day (Satur-
day), 'at. 2 o'clock, from her late residence. 65
Erie street, near Howard. Interment pri-
vate.
PAY— In this city. March 29, 1900, Mamie, be-
loved daughter of Mr. and . Mrs. John Fay,
and sister of Luke and John Fay -Jr., a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 37 years 7 months
and 23 days. (New York papers please copy.)
(nTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
11
O Time
» L W
tTT.. .5:32
1 ... 8:21
H W
» ... 0:35
3 ... 1:16
4 ... 2:01
6 ... 2:82
6 ... 3:56
Time
Ft
H W
. 0.0 12:20
—0.2 1:11
L W
6.9 7:14
5.8 8:10
5.6 9:09
5.2 10:15
4.9 11:1S
Ft
Time
Time
Ft
H W
1.8 11:51
J. 2
• Ij W
4.6 1:54
4.4 7:42
4.3 8:42
4.3 9:59
4.4 11:23
Ft.
5.2
4.9
5:32
8:12
H W
Ml
3:13
4:10
5:10
6:33
5.)
-0.3
-0.1
0.0
0.3
0.6
J. 7
1.2
5.2
5.2
S.I
Steamer.
From.
Duo.
Mar. 31
Mar. 11
Mar. 31
Apr. 1
Apr. ' 1
Apr. 1
Apr. 1
Apr. 1
Apr. . Z
Apr. I
Apr. 2
Apr. 2
Apr. I
Apr. 1
Apr. _ 2
Apr. a
Apr. 3
Apr. 4
Apr. 5
Apr. 5
China ........ v China and Japan... i
City of Sydney. Panama... ;. ]
State of Ca1.... Portland™ .-.
Corona^. ... San Dleito .-......-.;...„...
Del Norte Oregon Port*. ......'.
Washtenaw ..;. Tacoma.." .;~..\Z.~.7.~.
Wellington .... Oyster Harbor.....
Warfleld ........ Oyster Harbor.. .'.
Walla Walla..". Victoria & Pueet Sound
Crescent City.. Crescent City.....
Pomona San Diego.
Mackinaw 5eatt1e. ....:.7.... ..;...."..
Bonlta :........ Newport.:.:
Lanuna -";.";..... Tillamook.... i
Geo. .W.. Elder. Portland...,.
South Portland Oyster Harbor....; .|
Aberdeen ....... Portland ;
Willamette* .'.".. Seattle..;
Point Arena."..'. Point Arena :.......
Axcata ......... Coos 8ay......
rolnmWa /Portland. .........^.__ Apr 5
3anta R05a..... San Diego Apr 5
:oqulll» River. Grays flkrbor ,T~.. Apr! f
'.amoa Humboldt _ Apr. «
sorth Fork Humboldt Apr. <
i£« n * Sidney a^ ,
2?S 0 ;'£ China and Japan,. Apr. 7
Vi«?l * ra "" ******* Apr. 7
JrUaba Newport... „ Apr T
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Hongk"ff M China A Japan Mar. 31. Ipm PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 31. 2pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos 8ay...... Mar. 31. 12 m Pl«r 13
Aloha Crescent City. Mar. 31. 13 m Pier t
Samoa Humboldt Apr. 1. 10 am Pier 13
Orizaba Newport Apr. 1. 9am Pl#r n
North Fork Humboldt Apr. 1. »am Pier 1
Queen Vlo & Pst Sd. Apr. 1. 10 am Pier 9
Newbur* •• Grays Harbor Apr. 2. Bpm ...
State of Cal Portland Apr. 3. 10 am Pier 24
Corona .... San Dtesro Apr. 3. 11 am Pier 11
Del Norte.. Oregon Ports. Apr. 3, 19 am Pier *0
Rnth Pnret Sound.. Apr. 3, 10 am Pier 1
Australia .. Honolulu Apr. 4. Jpm Pier 7
Pomona .... Humboldt Apr. 4. 2pm Pier »
Bonlta Newport Apr. 5, 9am Pier 11
City Puebla Vie & Pgt Sd- Apr. £ 10 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa San Dteg-o. Apr. 7. Ham Pier 11
China Chlna&Japan Apr. 7. Ipm PMS3
Curacao ...Mexico Apr. 7. 10 am Pier 9
Columbia .. Portland....:. Apr. ». 10 am Pier 24
Index. Horse. Welghtjst.
88» Corolla 107 6
833 Gusto 112 1
806 Maydlne 107 S
804 Kllle dOr 97 9
»95 Tom Shark*?..: 109 4
1002 Morel la 10711
984 Edwardo 99 T-
907 Summer 104 2
1002 Fine Shot.... ...112 5
857 March Seven ....107 10
9!>5 Tanoka 109 8
Index.
Horse.
Weight. I St.
hi
__%
2 1
1 1
4 1
8 1
7 h
Jl H
6 b
3 1
U
10 1
%
21
'•?
« H
» 1
S 1
4 H
10
v
Btr.
I BatUnr.
Tin. 1 Jockey. |OP_C>.
1 h Morpui ....... 19 *>
2 H Plr^ott »-I »
14 I. Powell 2 T-8
4 8 Moutrce IS *»
5 h Boiemaa ..... 8 12
8 1 Po«tel .„ » »
7 1 Logue - 8 I
8 2 E* Rom 8 8
» 3 Henry -» ? •
10 H. Stuart IS 15
11 Fauntleroy ... 15 80
Tin. I
H
Btr.
index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St-
1003 Donator. 5 1(H 6
992 Mortgage. S 91 4
9SJ'Dogtown, 6 107 1
998 Expedient. 3 86 3
975 Tom CSUvert. 5 11l 8
988 Don Luis, 5..... 104 I
lex.
Age.
Weight.
!St
H
? H
l b
B 1
t 1
.. H - fr Str. Fin. | ¦ Jockey. |Op. Cl
»HS» >1 lh Ranch «
11 IV lh 21J. Daly »-5 T-l
3B 31 41 3 2 B. Roas •
SH 4 H Sh 44 Fauntleroy ... * 1
4 3 SI S3 54 Pig^ott « *
« « ' « •< ' Henry 1 t-
t.
iex.
iorse.
Weight.
Str.
Fin. |
Jockey.
[Op.
CI.
959 Chaste 11l t
991 Carllee 11l 1 * ...
997 Aphrodls 115 8 ...
1001 Glrly Ducat.™ 11l 4
899 Nellgourie 108 8 . ...
922 Mrs. Brunell 11l S
953 Illusion 11012
899 Grace Cup ...10S 7
767 Location 10S 9
997 Ada N 108 11 .
969 Princess Leota 11l 5
»91 Homage ..10S 10 ...
X b
3 2
Sh
19
7»
8 1
11
:::
...
Tl 18. Rosa I &-Z
2 2 Ames 13
8 h I. Powell <
4 h Macklln 4
5"» Buchanan .... •
« 2 Henry 4
7 H Plggott 4
8 H. Stuart 10
» Logue 8
10 Bos«inan ..... 6
11 Morgan IS
U Mou'nca 13
«
10
<
I
s
(0
IS
19
19
7
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. jSt. % \i ' % - Str. Ftn. | Jockey. |Qp. Cl.
?90 Montanus. 4 .1101 6 4~J 4 1 JtT Th ft Plgyott I t-5 I
981 Monda. 4 .107 4 11 1 H lh lh Ih Buchanan .... 4 U-*
10CO Rosalbra, 6 113 1 11 2 1 It IIH *X Bozeman S t
(904) Isallne. 3 8-i 1 II Jn 41 44 4T Ranch ( 4
1002 Billy Moore. 4 108 « In 54 (I S4 620 I. Powell 15 40
:.. Bly. 4 ...107 S i I « « C Macltlln IS to
[ndex. Horee. Age. Welght.|St.
(956) Vesuvlan. 8 108 <
956 The Fretter. 4. 108 2
593 Rosormonde, 5 113 6
899 Ollnthua,.4 ........104 7
1005 Potnplno, 4 .. 98 1
1011 Good Hope. 4 94 4
963. Mamie G. a S3 1
index.
:orse.
Age.
it.
M.
8 "A
7
t a
If
H
1 1
I h
4 7
61
3 IV*
5 >
%
1 2
2H
4 4
i t
5 3
7
6 2
Str. Fin, t Jockey. lOg. Ct
12 14 Henry -9-19 X
2 1 2 2 Buchamn .... t t
8 2 8 4 Plggott 4 M-5
8 4 4 8 E. R0m....^ 19 is
4 h 5 2 Cannell 19 25
8 1 15 Mounca 7 11
7 7 Lorue • •
index.
Horse.
Age.
tt.
tor.
in.
Jockey.
1005 Jennie Reid, 4 105 4
1004 Lothian. 4 107 I
1012 Alarla. 4 106 S
(10C6) Captive, a 114 2
940 Grand Sachem. 5.. 11 l 7
983 Facade, 6 107 1
952 Socialist, 4 11l »
1003 Nllgar. 4 110 B
t t
61
th
71
S
3 h
4 1
im
ah
4 1
< 1
!*
t a
i s
I 4
1 n
S 1
« 1
h
1 2
5 3
41
I 1
7 1
6 1
I
1 X |J. Woodj . m 4
I ? 5? nry — *-* «
I 4 Fanntleroy ._ 10 20
4 1 Boxem&n f g
t 4 Mounce W X)
• t Ba»8ln«er .... 12 |
.7 1 E. Rom .„ 4 T-t
8 Plgrgott v 15
Steamer.
From.
Duo.
Mar. 31
Mar. 11
Mar. 31
Apr. 1
Apr. ' 1
Apr. 1
Apr. 1
Apr. 1
Apr. . Z
Apr. I
Apr. 2
Apr. 2
Apr. I
Apr. 1
Apr. _ 2
Apr. a
Apr. 3
Apr. 4
Apr. 5
Apr. 5
China ........ v China and Japan... i
City of Sydney. Panama... ;. ]
State of Ca1.... Portland™ .-.
Corona^. ... San Dleito .-......-.;...„...
Del Norte Oregon Port*. ......'.
Washtenaw ..;. Tacoma.." .;~..\Z.~.7.~.
Wellington .... Oyster Harbor.....
Warfleld ........ Oyster Harbor.. .'.
Walla Walla..". Victoria & Pueet Sound
Crescent City.. Crescent City.....
Pomona San Diego.
Mackinaw 5eatt1e. ....:.7.... ..;...."..
Bonlta :........ Newport.:.:
Lanuna -";.";..... Tillamook.... i
Geo. .W.. Elder. Portland...,.
South Portland Oyster Harbor....; .|
Aberdeen ....... Portland ;
Willamette* .'.".. Seattle..;
Point Arena."..'. Point Arena :.......
Axcata ......... Coos 8ay......
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. jSt. % \i ' % - Str. Ftn. | Jockey. |Qp. Cl.
?90 Montanus. 4 .1101 6 4~J 4 1 JtT Th ft Plgyott I t-5 I
981 Monda. 4 .107 4 11 1 H lh lh Ih Buchanan .... 4 U-*
10CO Rosalbra, 6 113 1 11 2 1 It IIH *X Bozeman S t
(904) Isallne. 3 8-i 1 II Jn 41 44 4T Ranch ( 4
1002 Billy Moore. 4 108 « In 54 (I S4 620 I. Powell 15 40
:.. Bly. 4 ...107 S i I « « C Macltlln IS to
iex.
iorse.
Weight.
Str.
Fin. |
Jockey.
[Op.
CI.
959 Chaste 11l t
991 Carllee 11l 1 * ...
997 Aphrodls 115 8 ...
1001 Glrly Ducat.™ 11l 4
899 Nellgourie 108 8 . ...
922 Mrs. Brunell 11l S
953 Illusion 11012
899 Grace Cup ...10S 7
767 Location 10S 9
997 Ada N 108 11 .
969 Princess Leota 11l 5
»91 Homage ..10S 10 ...
X b
3 2
Sh
19
7»
8 1
11
:::
...
Tl 18. Rosa I &-Z
2 2 Ames 13
8 h I. Powell <
4 h Macklln 4
5"» Buchanan .... •
« 2 Henry 4
7 H Plggott 4
8 H. Stuart 10
» Logue 8
10 Bos«inan ..... 6
11 Morgan IS
U Mou'nca 13
«
10
<
I
s
(0
IS
19
19
7
Index. Horse. Welghtjst.
88» Corolla 107 6
833 Gusto 112 1
806 Maydlne 107 S
804 Kllle dOr 97 9
»95 Tom Shark*?..: 109 4
1002 Morel la 10711
984 Edwardo 99 T-
907 Summer 104 2
1002 Fine Shot.... ...112 5
857 March Seven ....107 10
9!>5 Tanoka 109 8
Index.
Horse.
Weight. I St.
hi
__%
2 1
1 1
4 1
8 1
7 h
Jl H
6 b
3 1
U
10 1
%
21
'•?
« H
» 1
S 1
4 H
10
v
Btr.
I BatUnr.
Tin. 1 Jockey. |OP_C>.
1 h Morpui ....... 19 *>
2 H Plr^ott »-I »
14 I. Powell 2 T-8
4 8 Moutrce IS *»
5 h Boiemaa ..... 8 12
8 1 Po«tel .„ » »
7 1 Logue - 8 I
8 2 E* Rom 8 8
» 3 Henry -» ? •
10 H. Stuart IS 15
11 Fauntleroy ... 15 80
Tin. I
H
Btr.
rolnmWa /Portland. .........^.__ Apr 5
3anta R05a..... San Diego Apr 5
:oqulll» River. Grays flkrbor ,T~.. Apr! f
'.amoa Humboldt _ Apr. «
sorth Fork Humboldt Apr. <
i£« n * Sidney a^ ,
2?S 0 ;'£ China and Japan,. Apr. 7
Vi«?l * ra "" ******* Apr. 7
JrUaba Newport... „ Apr T
index.
Horse.
Age.
tt.
tor.
in.
Jockey.
1005 Jennie Reid, 4 105 4
1004 Lothian. 4 107 I
1012 Alarla. 4 106 S
(10C6) Captive, a 114 2
940 Grand Sachem. 5.. 11 l 7
983 Facade, 6 107 1
952 Socialist, 4 11l »
1003 Nllgar. 4 110 B
t t
61
th
71
S
3 h
4 1
im
ah
4 1
< 1
!*
t a
i s
I 4
1 n
S 1
« 1
h
1 2
5 3
41
I 1
7 1
6 1
I
1 X |J. Woodj . m 4
I ? 5? nry — *-* «
I 4 Fanntleroy ._ 10 20
4 1 Boxem&n f g
t 4 Mounce W X)
• t Ba»8ln«er .... 12 |
.7 1 E. Rom .„ 4 T-t
8 Plgrgott v 15
index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St-
1003 Donator. 5 1(H 6
992 Mortgage. S 91 4
9SJ'Dogtown, 6 107 1
998 Expedient. 3 86 3
975 Tom CSUvert. 5 11l 8
988 Don Luis, 5..... 104 I
lex.
Age.
Weight.
!St
H
? H
l b
B 1
t 1
.. H - fr Str. Fin. | ¦ Jockey. |Op. Cl
»HS» >1 lh Ranch «
11 IV lh 21J. Daly »-5 T-l
3B 31 41 3 2 B. Roas •
SH 4 H Sh 44 Fauntleroy ... * 1
4 3 SI S3 54 Pig^ott « *
« « ' « •< ' Henry 1 t-
t.
[ndex. Horee. Age. Welght.|St.
(956) Vesuvlan. 8 108 <
956 The Fretter. 4. 108 2
593 Rosormonde, 5 113 6
899 Ollnthua,.4 ........104 7
1005 Potnplno, 4 .. 98 1
1011 Good Hope. 4 94 4
963. Mamie G. a S3 1
index.
:orse.
Age.
it.
M.
8 "A
7
t a
If
H
1 1
I h
4 7
61
3 IV*
5 >
%
1 2
2H
4 4
i t
5 3
7
6 2
Str. Fin, t Jockey. lOg. Ct
12 14 Henry -9-19 X
2 1 2 2 Buchamn .... t t
8 2 8 4 Plggott 4 M-5
8 4 4 8 E. R0m....^ 19 is
4 h 5 2 Cannell 19 25
8 1 15 Mounca 7 11
7 7 Lorue • •
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Hongk"ff M China A Japan Mar. 31. Ipm PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 31. 2pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos 8ay...... Mar. 31. 12 m Pl«r 13
Aloha Crescent City. Mar. 31. 13 m Pier t
Samoa Humboldt Apr. 1. 10 am Pier 13
Orizaba Newport Apr. 1. 9am Pl#r n
North Fork Humboldt Apr. 1. »am Pier 1
Queen Vlo & Pst Sd. Apr. 1. 10 am Pier 9
Newbur* •• Grays Harbor Apr. 2. Bpm ...
State of Cal Portland Apr. 3. 10 am Pier 24
Corona .... San Dtesro Apr. 3. 11 am Pier 11
Del Norte.. Oregon Ports. Apr. 3, 19 am Pier *0
Rnth Pnret Sound.. Apr. 3, 10 am Pier 1
Australia .. Honolulu Apr. 4. Jpm Pier 7
Pomona .... Humboldt Apr. 4. 2pm Pier »
Bonlta Newport Apr. 5, 9am Pier 11
City Puebla Vie & Pgt Sd- Apr. £ 10 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa San Dteg-o. Apr. 7. Ham Pier 11
China Chlna&Japan Apr. 7. Ipm PMS3
Curacao ...Mexico Apr. 7. 10 am Pier 9
Columbia .. Portland....:. Apr. ». 10 am Pier 24
O Time
» L W
tTT.. .5:32
1 ... 8:21
H W
» ... 0:35
3 ... 1:16
4 ... 2:01
6 ... 2:82
6 ... 3:56
Time
Ft
H W
. 0.0 12:20
—0.2 1:11
L W
6.9 7:14
5.8 8:10
5.6 9:09
5.2 10:15
4.9 11:1S
Ft
Time
Time
Ft
H W
1.8 11:51
J. 2
• Ij W
4.6 1:54
4.4 7:42
4.3 8:42
4.3 9:59
4.4 11:23
Ft.
5.2
4.9
5:32
8:12
H W
Ml
3:13
4:10
5:10
6:33
5.)
-0.3
-0.1
0.0
0.3
0.6
J. 7
1.2
5.2
5.2
S.IAre run bj. every .
woman who has household cares. It is
so easy just to run out of the warm
house into the fresh air, to pin a piece of
lace to the clothes line. It is also easy
to take cold in doing so. Then perhaps
comes suppression and kindred evils.
Whenever there is any disturbance of the
normal •womanly function Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription may lie relied upon
to re-establish perfect health. It is
strictly a temperance medicine, contain-
ing so alcohol or whisky, neither opium,
cocaine nor other narcotic.
•"Several years ag^> I suffered severely froa
female vrearaess, prolapsus and menorrhagia,
and used * Favorite Prescription » with splendid
effect," writes Fannie Shelton, of Washington,
lowa. "Glad I have not needed it for a few
years part but If I should have a return of the
old trouble would surely try ' Favorite Prescrip-
tion.' I have recommended it to a number of
my lady friends. I always tell them to try a
bottle and if they are not benefited by it I will
pey for the medicine. In every case they have
spoken in prai-c of it."
Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce by letter free. All correspond-
ence strictly private and sacredly confi-
dential. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Bufialo, N. Y.
Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription makes weak
women strong and sick
women welU
O Damrosch, the grreat xnusi- ?
± cal director and • interpreter of - q
¦+¦ v.Wagner, ; will -- give " in- next '+
9 . Sunday's Call ; some . interest- §
q in g . points in connection . with $
the coming Wajgnerian festi- 1 .+
val at .Bayreuth, .'also ''a few §
O lemarks regarding ; the music- %O% O
•f.V-loveriTof ,Sanl Francisco.- * ft
ADVESTISEMEUTS.
The Murphy Murder.
The preliminary examination of John de
Bono, the Geary street ' florist, 'charged
with the murder of Joseph G. Murphy,
was commenced before Judge Conlan yes
terday. De Bono and Murphy had a fight
on March 13, and Murphy's skull was frac
tured by a blow from : a pair; of florist's
shears. He worked for a day or two and
then went to St. Mary's Hospital, where
he died March M. A. F. -Lyle, who was
with Murphy at the time of the fight, tes
tified that Murphy threw a vase at De
Bono before De Bono struck him with the
shears, and Dr. Rethers of the hospital
staff testified that Murphy's wounds had
been neglected prior to visiting the hos
pital. The case was continued till Mon
day. : .
MERCHANTS PREPARE TO
DENOUNCE PLAGUE FAKE
The commercial Interests of the city
have so keenly felt the effect of the bu
bonic plague ecare spread bj- the Phelan
Board of Health with the assistance of
the PheJan official organ that the Cham
ber of Commerce has decided to call a
Meeting for next Tuesday to take action
In the matter.
The purpose will be to repair as far a3
possible the damage already done. Ap
sropriate resolutions will be adopted con-
Jemning those who were responsible for
th« outrage and telegrams will be for
warded to all the commercial centers of
th«» country.
These will Fhow positively that the
whole thing was originated for the pur
pose of securing for the Board of Health
in Increased appropriation from the pub
lic treasury to support in ease a horde
of hungry Phelanites.
Just at present the merchants of the
rity are not In thp humor to submit to
thp payment of pre-election pledges and
promises at the exnense of the good name
md intercuts of the city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 31, 1900.
BRITONS SHOW
ENTHUSIASM AT
A BIG BENEFIT
Concert .at Metropolitan
Temple for Relief of
the Soldier.
Dr. Frederick W. D'Evelyn, William
Greer Harrison and Others Make
Speeches That Arouse the
Audience.
i The British residents of San Francisco
packed Metropolitan Temple last night In
aid* of the London Mansion House fund
for the relief of the families of British
soldiers killed In - the Boer-British war.
The entertainment, called on the pro
gramme "a concert," was of a varied na
ture, consisting of enthusiastic addresses,
somo excellent musical numbers and
Scottish national dances.
Tommy Atkins and his heroic work at
the front was the theme of the speeches.
William Greer Harrison presided and his
introductions of the speakers of the even
ing received the same hearty welcoming
vociferations as the eloquent efforts of
the chosen orators, i
Whenever the English soldier was men
tioned, general or private, cheer after
cheer rent the air, holding the speakers
on the platform midway in their ad
dresses. Treating the Boers, sometimes
with ridicule, sometimes with a deep feel
ing of respect, the speakers were applaud
ed or hissed as the subject-matter ex
alted the English soldier or passed with
lukewarm mention of the Boers' part in
the war.
After the playing of the Highland pipes
by I. S. R. Tevendale, Donald Weir and
Adam Ross and the singing of the na
tional anthem, "America," by Miss Grace
1.. Davis, William Greer Harrison, chair
man of the evening, delivered a stirring
address. In part he said:
God save the Queen, that, ladles and gentle
men, is my speech. Should I speak for an
hour I could say nothing that would appeal to
you so fully and so truly, but as your chair
man for to-night I must appear before you a
number of times, and I .want to, be quite at
home with you a:id feel that whatever I say
Is In the ' interest of the best that Is in this
feathering. The meeting to-night Is one of
charity and love and fellowship. We all know
who Tommy Atkins Is; we all know of his life
and what he has done for his country, and
here In this far-distant land, thousands and
thousands of miles away, we have decided that
thore he left behind, whether wife, | children,
mother or Bitters, shall suffer Just as little aa
possible. Tommy is making no appeal to the
world.- He is doing- his duty. But those who
admire and like him are not going to be silent
because Tommy is. Tommy Is behind his guns
— that Is his place. Tommy is doing his work
very steadily. I want to tell you that I have
just left a large asesmblafse of American gen
tlemen, all of high standing, and I have not
found one amonc them whose heart was not
in to-night's meeting. I notice on the pro
gramme that Irish songs. Scotch ballads and
Welsh tongs are to be sung, but they are no
longer to be called by such titles, because they
are all British songs.
Miss Alma Berglund followed and
sweetly sang "Robin Adair" and- "Coming
Thro 1 the Rye." Professor Henry Holmes,
leader of the Symphony orchestra, was
accorded a warm reception and played
several violin solos. Duncan Mackintosh,
Adam and -Byron Ross and Miss Sybil
Campbell, attired in costume, danced a
Highland reel that brought down the
house. Attorney F. D. Brandon followed
with a short address. In part he said:
Mr. Chairman and Ladles and Gentlemen:
Some seven or eight weeks ago I, In common
with a number of former British subjects, de
sired to have a meeting which should to some
extent offset the pro-Boer meetings which had
already been held. The time seemed to be the
very worst for the British army. Disaster fol
lowed disaster. Almost every day brought
news of some British defeat or repulse, and It
seemed to those of us who spoke together on
the subject that It was fitting that we should
stand by in the blackest hour that England
had seen for a great many years past and de
clare ourselves In favor of the old land
Before arrangements could be made the tide
turned. Lord Roberts — •
The speaker could proceed no further
for at least five minutes. Cheer after
cheer rang through the hall for "Bobs"
and for Kitchener and White. When the
enthusiasm had subsided he continued: *
Roberts, followed by the soldiers who loved
him, had once more caused victory to perch
on the British banners. Then we felt that the
meeting that had been projected was unneces
sary. The time had gone by. and we thought
It was not well to hold what seemed to be an
entirely pro-British meeting to offset the pro-
Boer meetings. But we said there was Tommy
Atkins to be provided for. J
The speaker. then concluded his speech
with an account of- the doings In the
Transvaal. . The mention of Kruger"s
name aroused a storm of hoots and hisses
that completely drowned the speaker's
statement about the venerable Boer
leader. ! -¦•¦""v.
J. F. Fleming sang the "Soldiers of the
Queen" with force and feeling. The rol
licking song scored a great hit with the
audience and many, voices Joined in the
singing of the chorus. N. F. Taggart of
the Seaforth' Highlanders, dressed in his
natty uniform of red and armed with his
rifle, marched on the stage and went
through the evolutions of the British
soldier. The sight of a real live "Tommy
Atkins" was the signal for wild en
thusiasm.
Dr. Frederick W. d'Evelyn was next In
troduced, and the hero of the first upris
ing in the Transvaal was accorded an ova
tion. For over half an hour the doctor
entertained his auditors with descriptions
and "camp, sketches" that were full of
?athos and replete with stirring incident,
le took umbrage at David Starr Jordan,
president of Stanford University, because
that gentleman accused the English sol
dier of being a bully, and he paid his re
spects to General Cronje, for whom he has
very little regard. He told of the cruelty
and the treachery of the Boers, and hl3
.word painting drew laughter and -tears
from his audience. • Speaking of his expe
rience in a besieged fort he said in part;
On the ninety-fifth day of the Investment the
103 survlvorß of the 220 men who took refuge
there left the little fort, their bugles playing
"Hearts of Oak" and old Has flylnc overhead.
(Applause.) r . .....
Guess I their indlcnation when they learned
that an armistice which terminated In peace,
had been declared two weeks previously, but
news had been suppressed by Cronje, the ideal
of the American newspapers. ¦
That, Indies and gentlemen, wa» not the act
of a man; it was not the act of a soldier, but
the treachery of a Cronje. That act, combined
with many others; won for him the title of the.
. "Nana Sahib" I of; the Transvaal, and If there
is a divinity that ' shapes our ends, shapes the
ends of Boer and Briton, rough as they all are.
methlnks there was a fitting dispensation In the
fact that the "Nana Sahib" of the Transvaal
should needs surrender to "Indian Bobs of
Kandahar."
Mrs. J. E." Birmingham then rendered
Kipling's "Absent-minded Beggar," and
at the conclusion of the - singing ¦of the
noble poem a collection was taken, which
added to the fund to be devoted to the
care of Tommy Atkins' relatives. Rev. A.
T. Needham delivered an address; H. M.
Fortescue rendered a vocal solo; Miriam
Sydney Smith did a sailor's hornpipe;
Miss Sybil Campbell did a sword dance,
and. the -.entertainment concluded with
the singing of "God Save the. Queen" by
the entire audience, led by Mrs. Eva Ten
ney. - • -. -
COINER BRADLEY
CAPTURED AFTER
A FIERCE FIGHT
Unsuccessful Attempt to Kill
Secret Service Agent
Hazen.
A. Counterfeiter Who Made Money
Out of Mexican Dollars and
Doubled His Capital Upon
the Proceeds.
A desperate battle with a counterfeiter
was fought yesterday morning at 6
o'clock, and had not the secret service
officers taken the criminal by surprise and
covered him with the muzzles of their
revolvers he would have killed one or both
of his captors.
The mm\ was Robert Bradley, alias Bar
clay, and he claimed to have come from
Aior.tar:;i. The oCicers who made such a
clever and caring capture were United
States Secret Set vice Agent ilazen and
his assistant. Operator Cror.in.
Bradley came to tnis city about four
months ago and lived at duferent hotels,
among otnere the Westminster and the
iirookiyn. He is a striking looking man
about 45 years old. of the cowooy type,
with iron-gray hair and mustache, ana
wears a somorero. After he had been
here about a month Agent Hazen began
to suspect him of coining. Mis mode, of
living, the places frequented by him and
the tact that he did not appear to have
axy business or other means of liveli
hood, strengthened these suspicions. The
suspect was at once plaerd under espion
age, and at the end of three months the
officers had secured sufficient evidence to
warrant his "arrest for counterfeiting
T'rtfted States dollars. These coins -were
the most dangerous counterfeits that could
be put upon the market. Bradley simply
melted a Mexican dollar, value 45 or 50
cents, made it Into an American dollar and
cleared 50 cents by the operation. The
coins turned out by him were perfect and
could be passed upon the banks with as
much ease as they could be passed upon
small tradesmen.
At 6 o'clock yesterday morning Agent
Hazen and Operator Cronin visited Brad
ley's room, 622 Clay street, and caught him
as he was coming out of the door. As
soon as he ?.iw the detectives his right
hand went to his hip pocket, but the muz
zles of two revolvers were thrust Into his
face and he was sternly commanded not
to attempt to move his hand under pain
of having his brains blown out. At the
same moment Cronin- threw himself upon
the counterfeiter and wrested the revolver
from his grasp. Then the desperate crim
inal fought and attempted to bite his cap
tors, but they had him down upon the
floor in a twinkling and the handcuffs
were forced upon his wrists.
In his room were found molds, steel dies
of the most scientific make and other
paraphernalia for making money, to
gether with a quantity of Mexican dollars
and $600 in currency. Bradley said that
he came from Montana after having sold
his interest in pome silver mines. It is
expected that h^ will plead guilty, as he>
confessed after his arrest that he ha.l
been engaged in counterfeiting for a long
time.
Eulogy for Rabbi Wise.
Rabbi Voorsanger departed from his an
nounced subjec- tor his lecture last even-
Successful business houses take advantage of
printing facilities of Mv«ell-RoUlns, 22 Clay. •
Dr. Parker" BCoußh Cure. ! One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. 1 Try It. All druggists. •
Club Women to Meet.
The Grand' Federation of "Womenls
Clubs' biennial meeting of 1900 will be
held at Milwaukee. Wls., June 4 to 8, in
clusive. Club" women from all over the
country, will attend. V ' ;
When that tired feeling comes over you, drink
Jesse Moore ,"AA" whiskey.
E. W. BRITT LEAVES
THE SUPREME COURT
<rr UDGE E. W. BRITT, one of thet+++ ; ++++.+++ + ?++ +>+++++ *
CommlseJoners of the Supreme-*-. • ¦ , ¦. - .¦ +
Court, has resigned his position in+ .^Begm^"*^ "*"
with Hon. Walter J.Hunsaker of Los^ j^S^^- "¦*>' l"
Angeles. His resignation is to take ef-^ j<BI^^#^ I '^ "t \ v^y|\ T[
feet on April .7. Judge Brltt was appoint-T ' \^^^S^^^^m^UHK^^\.' ~X
¦ ed Commissioner on- March 12,1895, fromT 'rS^^S^ KA X
the San Diego district, and during hisT jHJBflgj|y /f^P^WJ^BHp^is X
the State. he has made many friends. In -4- * SB/BBmt i^^^^^B Bp^ilg^ 4.
combined with excellent reasoning. I nV 3 -f
polltics Judge Britt is a Democrat. IIis>- SwK^^^P^ JtmC :^>ah 4
rated as one of the most prominent la\v--f- II^hIB Bk' "?"
nation to take rffect Judge Britt ¦will be£ v-''S^^ W* X
very busy preparing for his departure to . .^OTHB^ Imlffluafflf^yS"^^
his new home in I^os Angeles. The mem-T = '''WlM/SkJ&xiS&S&lwasSr ~T_
hers of tho Supreme bench and the at-T imRBgwP^ X
taches of the court deeply regret his do-. "¦SFaKB^^^ "T
parture, but they are convinced that he.*. - . : .-, ' '*'
will better his condition, although UheX . COMMISSIONER. E.iW.! BRITT.'. T
salary attached to the. position of CourtX . '^f0fi8m^SSlBKOBUlB 4. '
qomralS8loner^$6C00:a;year,; is: generally t*^^.^^^4:4>>>4>.-f.-f^fl4^f#:
/ rated as good; The "Supreme Court holds session in Los Angeles beginning^ on : the i
second week" of April; and it is. believed that ? JudgeBritt's successor-will, be]named's
before the court returns, aa : the new, Commissioner " will / certainly O be V ¦'*¦ appointed ?;':
Special Corset Sale.
A lot of odd corsets— broken . lines—ln
cludes blacks, drabs, and white,; all .sizes,"
ranging from 75 Cents to- $4 50 ln^ value,
will be sold from 23 cents to $1 50. Chester
F. Wright, 10 Geary st.," corner Kearny.*,
Capitalist Bradbury Convicted.
; W*. 8. -Bradbury of expectorating fame
was . convicted in Judge "Conlan's court
yesterday, on the charge- of- obstructing
the sidewalk. He tried to throw the blame
for, not" getting tho necessary permit from
the Board; of, Public Works upon Edward
H. "Pearson, • contractor. >: The Judge or
dered the millionaire. defendant to appear
for sentence -this morning.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Opening of Schuetzen Park.
The California Schuetzen - Park, - San
Rafael,- will-be the scene of an opening
picnic to-morrow. • Every arrangement
has been made to accommodate a large
crowd, which is expected. Music, danc
ing, prize ¦ shooting and' general merry
making will be the'- order of the. day.
Round-trip tickets, will be sold. Including
admission to the ground, ..for 50 cents;
children, 2i> cents. -•
To-day only, Marks Brothers are selling
ladles' heavy fleece-lined vests, gray or
?£ I 7 I> ,r eif ? lar prtce Z5c ' salo Price 15c. ma-
la* Market street, between Taylor and
Jones - •
COLLINS' SECOND WRIT
IS READY FOR HEARING
Alleged Seattle Bank-Bobber and His
Guardians Appear Before Judge
Lawlor.
Robert Collins, whose sensational arrest
on a charge of bank robbery preferred
against him In Seattle and subsequent es
cape on a writ of habeas corpus have kept
the police busy during the past .few days,
appeared before Judge I^awlor yesterday
shortly after the arrival of the Sacra
mento train that a second writ of habeas
corpus sworn out on his behalf might bt
argued. With him were Deputy' Sheriff
McLeod and a Pinkerton detective, who
are charger with the crime of kidnaping.
Attorney George D. Collins, who repre
sented the prisoner, asked that the pris
oner be remanded to Sheriff- Lackmann's
charge until the writ be heard. Judge
Lawlor granted the motion and pet the
case for hearing this morning. Deputy
Sheriff McLeod and the detective were
released on their own recognizance. Al
though Attorney Collins says that the
charge against them will- be pressed to a
final conclusion they are not worried, but
are still scheming as to the best way to
avoid other writs and get their prisoner
out of the State..
HEWS FROM HOME
CARRIED ACROSS
SNOWS AND ICE
Rich Gold Deposits Found
Under Tundra, Or
Swamps.
Gold Mine in a Well — Stampedes for
New Camps — Many Parties Al
ready Inward Bound
Prom Dawson.
R. R. Mcßae and T. H. Naff el, special
messengers for J. S. Kimball & Company,
arrived in town Thursday night with
mail and papers for their employers
from Nome. They came out over the ice
by way of Dawson and Skaguay, leaving
Nome on January 6 and arriving at Seat
tle last Monday. The last news from
Nome,' prior to their arrival, was only up
to December 6. so that they have much of
interest to relate.
Their reports from the great beach min
ing camp are even more flattering than
before. Prospects have been made on
the tundra, or swamp land, 400 feet back
from the beach, with the best results.
One prospector went down twenty-three
feet and found very rich sand. One pan
yielded $13, and another $8. A second hole
sunk twelve feet yielded pay«dirt. A well
has been sunk under Kimball & Co.'s
warehouse, and enough fresh water se
cured to fiupDly the whole town. The
sand taken from the well was so rich
that it has all been saved and washed.
The temptation Is strong to undermine
the whole building. Kimball & Co. Have
fifty dog teams, at work, night and day,
hauling sand from the beach to the ware
house, where it is worked out.- Three
shifts of men are working.' and their pay
Is $7 50 per day and board. A nugget
worth J37 was picked ud •on the beach
during December, lying exposed on the
sand.
The health cf the camp has been excel
lent this winter. With the cold weather
all sickness disappeared..' During Decem
ber there were several stampedes ¦• for
new diggings, but as far as could .be
learned no district better than or even
as good as Nome was unearthed. Every
body in the camp is getting ready for big
doings as soon as the thaw comes.
Soon after" leaving Nome Mcßae and
Nagel met parties of three and, four bound
in from Dawson: As they approached
Dawson these parties increased in num
ber and size, so that the rush from the
Klondike metropolis has already com
menced. It i was estimated in Dawson
that 4000 people from that place will have
arrived at Nome before the -first vessel
from San Francisco reaches there.
Mcßae and Nagel traveled 1100 miles
over the ice and snow with dog teams and
alone. They left their dogs -in Seattle.
Another messenger, of the same company
left Nome the day ¦ before, they did. com
ing by a different route., but he has' not
yet arrived. The young men will return
to Nome on the first steamer that goes in.
Ing and spoke instead on the life work of
the recently deceased Rabbi Isaac Wise,
who died last week in Cincinnati. Rabbi
Voorsanger had known Rabbi "Wise and
much of what he said was drawn from
personal observation. He spoke of the un
tiring energy- of the deceased rabbi, of his
early life and of his education. He was,
he said, a man who never took a vacation
and who was at work up almost to the
day before he died. It would be hard to
fill the vacancy he left, the speaker said,
but upon the structure Rabbi Wise had
reared he hor>ed some one would build,
using the work of the deceased that it
might serve to strengthen the work of the
future. Tho lecture was the last of Rabbi
Voorsanger's winter series.
HALF OF THE CRAVEN
FAIR CASE IS ENDED
Petitioners Close Their Cause and
the Defense Will Begin Monday
With Direct Evidence.
Out of i deep slumber the attorneys on
both sides of the Fair case roused them
selves yesterday afternoon and renewed
the legal battle which- has been waged
during the last six weeks before Judge
Troutt. A threat from the defense that
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven-Fair would not
present herself for cross-examination, per
agreement, was the reason of the hasty
session. That laay did appear, was put
upon the stand and subjected to Plerson's
cross-examination for a full hour. Then
the court adjourned till Monday at 11 a.
m., when the defense will begin ils case.
Pierson led her through the meshes of
deeds, receptions at the California Hotel,
interviews with Fair at several places,
conversation with various people and a
general excursion over, the entire case.
She was not flustered and proved once
again her; ability to withstand • a heavy
cross-fire of questions..
The first play of the. day was the pre
sentation of the Dunand contract. Mrs.
Craven-Fair " acknowledged that It was
her signature attached to the. paper, but
she declared that when she signed the
document she had not read it herself. Du
nand, according to her testimony, evi
dently erred in its reading, substituting
$25,000 for $30,000, which figures the con
tract shows.
The two deeds, for the Pine street and
Mission-street properties, were then ex
hibited. The witness testified that Bhe
first saw them at her home, 2007 Califor
nia street, in the presence of Mrs. Has
kln. . This was on September 24, ISD4. The
Senator's visits were gone over again,
Mrs. Craven-Fair telling about individ
ual meetings and i conversations that
transpired. Before recordation she said
she exhibited them to Mrs.; Johnson. Mrs.
Purcell, her own daughter, Mrs. Cullen,
Mr. Bonner and John R. Altken.
Much of the old testimony was thrashed
over, especially meetings .with the Sena
tor in the latter part of May or June,
1592, one of which was the one when Bry
ant,. the "hobo", witness, was present.
Mrs. Craven-Fair told her story without
discrepancy and was finally dismissed by
the Fair heir's attorneys: • '
: This 'ended the ¦petitioner's, case. The
defense will begin its caste on Monday. :
M M. ESTEE'S DAUGHTER
NOT EXPECTED TO LIVE
Mrs. Leonard Everett Very tow at
Her Residence in R^n
Leandrow
OAKLAND. March 30.-Mrs. Leonard
Everett, a daughter of Morris M. Eatte.
Is dying from consumption at tha Estu
dlllo House, San Leandro. where the has
been residing for several weeks with her
husband, who Is a well known Insurance
man of San Francisco. Mrs. Everett's
condition has been serious for a long
time. The collapse, due to the ravages of
her affliction, has been thwarted for
months by the utmost effort of physicians.
Mr. Everett has sought many places of
residence In the hope of finding a salu
brious climate. Recently they went to San
Leandro. but Mrs. Everett's condition
preclued relief. For several days her
death has been hourly expected. Dr J
H. Miller of San Leandro has been In con
stant attendance upon thepatlent. Late to
night it was reported that Mrs. Everett
would live only a short time.
MASTER BUILDERS
TO ACT TOGETHER
Bosses Organize to Resist the De
mands of the Carpenters'
United Brotherhood.
A meeting of master builders was held
la=t night at 33S Bush street and they per
fected a temporary organization. Sixty
three members signed the roll and pledged
themselves to resist certain rules made by
the district council of the United Brother
hood of Carpenters of San Francisco.
Th<» association will be known as the
"Master Builders' Association." and its
principal object will be to oppose the rules
of the Brotherhood of Carpenters, in
which It Is made compulsory on all con
tractors to employ no non-union men as
foremen on any work, and fixing $3 50 a
3ay as the minimum waces to be paid.
The temporarj- organization elected as
officers: Ira W. Coburn. president: Andrew
Wilkle Jr., secretary, and W. H. Bagge,
treasurer. Another meeting will be held
to-night, at which a permanent organiza
tion will be perfected.
PASSENGERS ON
THE SANTA ROSA
IN TOUGH LUCK
Steamer Breaks Down When
a Mile Outside the
Golden Gate.
Curacao Was Quarantined at Mexican
Forts Owing to the Plague Scare.
Simpson Builds "Just One
More" Vessel.: . -
The Bteamer Santa Hosa, after an
overhauling that lasted nearly three
months, sailed for southern ports yester
day. Soon after passing out through the
heads something went wrong with her
machinery and she was compelled to an
chor a mile southwest of the Cliff House.
Soon afterward the fog settled down over
the ocean, and the Santa Rosa was not
seen again until about 4 p. m. She was
still at anchor and alongside was the
steamer Gipsy, while hove too a quarter
of a mile away was the Coos Bay. The
latter was bound in from San Diego and
way ports, while the Gipsy was outward
bound for Monterey and Santa Cruz.
The Gipsy left here about 3 p. m. yes
terday and soon after setting, his course
the captain ran across the Santa Rosa at
anchor. Captain Alexander explained that
there was a slight defect in the machin
ery, which would be rectified in a short
time and that the steamer would then pro
ceed to Port Harford. The Gipsy re
mained in attendance and soon afterward
the Coos Bay came along, and Captain
Shaw also hove to in order to find out if
assistance was required. Both the Gipsy
and Coos Bay found that ,no assistance
was required and proceeded on their way.
The steamer Curacao arrived from Mex
ican ports yesterday about twenty-four
hours behind lime. Owing to th» absurd
reports of plague in Chinatown sent
broadcast over the world the vessel was
quarantined in every port she went to, and
in consequence a loss of fully $4000 has been
entailed upon the owners. of the vessel.
The Curacao brought up twelve cabin and
eleven steerage passengers. Among the
cargo was a quantity of concentrates,
sulphates, ore and bullion valued at $150,
000. As soon as the steamer had landed
her passengers she went up to Selby's
smelting works to discharge the ore, con
centrates and sulphates. -
A telephone system for 'the use- of the
lighthouse keepers on the Farallones is to
be erected on the islands, and the Govern
ment Is now calling for bids for the In
stalling of the plant. Tenders must be all
In with the lighthouse engineer by April
23. - A telephone system will save the light
house men on the Island many a weary
walk and will be a great benefit to tug
boats and shipping generally.
The wreck of the ship City of. Florence
as it lies In Halfmoon Bay was sold to
Rlngolskl Brothers of Oakland for $407 5)
yesterday. The cargo of nitrate that went
down with the ship was sold for $20. Latest
reports from Halfmoon Bay state that
the wreck Is surrounded by quicksands
and that nothing is visible of the hull ex
cept a small portion of the stern. Should
Rlngolski Brothers save the anchors and
chains alone from the wreck they will not
be much out of pocket on the purchase.
> A. M. Simpson's n*w schooner Churchill
Is now loading lumber at Coos Bay for
San Francisco. The vessel was originally
Intended for Captain James H. Bruce and
others, but there was some friction over
the manner In which the vessel was being
built, so Mr. Simpson seized the opportu
nity and offered to keep the vessel. The
other parties were glad of the chance to
get the craft eft their hands, but now
they, would willingly pay $5000 over the
contract price and take the Churchill.
It is several years ago since A. M. Simp
son said he would never build another ves
sel, and to emphasize that fact he named
the barkentine then nearing completion
Omega. A year or so later the building
craze seized him again and he laid the
keel of another vessel, which he called the
Addenda. The latest addition proved such
a success that ¦ Simpson ordered ' another
vessel built and called her the Encore.
After the Encore was finished there was
enough lumber gathered together In the
shipyard • to build another vessel, so the
Gleaner (gleaned from the left-over lum
ber) was put on the stocks. The echo
from the workmen's hammers had hardly
died away when another vessel was In de
mand, and the Echo Is now In commission
in consequence. 'After the Echo came the
Repeat, andinow the Simpson •• Lumber
Company . has the Churchill iin • commis
sion. The latter name was not Mr. Simp
son's choosing, but was given to the ves
sel by Captain Bruce and his associates.
¦ The four-masted schooner Joseph L. Ev
iston, built ; for Charles Nelson, is also
loaded and. ready to sail for San Fran
cisco. She is. drawing seventeen feet_ of
water, however, and as the bar has
; shoaled she cannot get out until the high
tides: ¦ ¦ ¦'¦ 'V ;¦ ¦¦¦.-:¦, -. ..¦ ;;v;* ¦ '- -¦ v ¦ '
The British ship; Euterpe. on which as
high as 35 per cent reinsurance was paid;
arrived; at Fremantle,. Australia, yester-
day. after a passage of 130 days from
Puget Sound.
The Santa Fe Company's new ferry
Fteamer. Ocean Wave, will probably hava
her first trial trip to-day. She was form
erly a river and Sound steamer and was
towed down here from Puget Sound. For
seven months she has been tied up at
Hay & Wright's ship yards In Oakland
Creek, being transformed Into a ferry
steamer. Her bow has been cut off ami
rebuilt in ferry-steamer fashion, and her
staterooms have all been taken out. The
date of her official trial trip has not yet
been announced.
ONE of the most Epectacular con
flagrations that has occurred In this
city since the Baldwin fire called
out the department at 8 o'clock
last evening. The Yosemite Flour Mills,
the buildlnsr occupied by the California-
Italian Paste Company and the Custom
Grain and Feed Mills and several smaller
structures on Bryant street, between Sev
enth and Klghth, were consumed. The
loss Is estimated at $250,000, and owing to
high rates little Insurance was carried on
the property.
The Inflammable nature of the buildings
in the locality made the flre an extremely
dangerous one and for a time it was
feared that it would break beyond the
control of the firemen and sweep over
several blocks before it could be checked.
Through the almost criminal action of
the Market Street Railway system in re
fusing to shut off the electric current
which operates the Bryant-street trolley
cars the department was preatly handi
capped in its work. Live wires fell sput
tering Into the streets, sending myriads
of electric sparks into the air, endanger
ing the lives of the firemen, several of
wnom were slightly injured by the dealh
dealing current. Chief Sullivan intends
to call the attention of the authorities to
the action of the corporation and steps
will be taken to make it feel the force of
the law.
The lire was discovered by G. B. Deven
cenzi, who was working in the paste fac
tory. He noticed a small bl;ize In the al
leyway separating that building from the
flour mills, and started to give an alarm.
By the time he reached the street tongues
of flame were iloking the side of the paste
factory, a big ihree-story frame structure,
Yosemite. Flour Mills and the California Paste Fac
tory Destroyed— Live Wires Seriously Hamper
Work of Firemen— s2^o,ooo Loss.
Hales.
Hales.
COSTLY CONFLAGRATION
IN FACTORY DISTRICT
IltelicT© >tfJr¥9¥K B«U«t«
esinma, *»pfi*CGi!is,
Bionciiiiis, 'iSiira SoreTfiroaT, .
CongHs, Hoarseness.
In boxes only— TSesrt sold In boDe
Spring Arrivals
| Furnishes the title for our announcement to-day ; and in
J saying in good, plain, strong English that the offerings
I b*low are among the best and most seasonable goods we
B have ever called attention to, we claim onJy what you will
| say yourself when you inspect them.
I Ladies 9 Neckwear. Ribbons.
I N;w Barb Tiss, latest and daintiest Our spring stock of new liberty and
H in neckwear creations, In net and satin taffeia neck and millinery
E chiffon, trimmed with lace, nar- ribbons are just in, colorings and
H row ribbon, beading and renals- all shades that will be the vozue
g sance braid, a pre.i* rang; of this season 50c per yard .
I st V |es -.25c to $2.00 each Fringe hat and neck scarfs In n:w
1 Ladlrs' Stock - Cascadf, a bow . r«ni extrem-lv oretty colorings at-
gg made of liberty silk and trimmed 75c, 85c, $1.25 and $1.50 each
¦ with, narrow mouiselins de sol*
I edging $1.50 each Kid Gloves.
i M Voilinnc A splendid new spring stock of cele-
I hrateJ.Hte. Jouvln real French
1 I Our assortment of 50c Veilings in- KiJ Gloves has arrived and now
9 dudes plain anJ dotted chiffon, awaits your inspection in our
U fine tuxedo meshes, in large che- glove department. These re-
y nille or silk woven dots, s4 k nownrd gloves show the very
j H Brussels net with velvet ring dots latest Parisian as we'l as staple
h and Russian nets with various shades ....$1.50 pair
n dots. These come in black only. The Rrynier, a more stylish and up-
H The new Wash Veils come in fancy to-date Suede pique glovr, made in.
B emtroidfred borders, white or bt;st shades of jjrav an 1 moJe. are
R ecru— price 50c yard offereJfor- $1.50 per pair
I Special for Saturday.
|! 12 Lidies' Separate Walking Skirts, brilliantine material, lined with a goo I
M quality percalint, velveteen binding $2.50
9 12 Ladles' Tailor-made Suits in cheviots and horn -spun, navy, black and
B gray, fly tront, jackets with romaine lining, skirts lined with piroiin*
U with velveteen Dindin?, sizes 32 to 44. $7.50
H 26 Ladies' Tailor-made Suits In hcrnespun and cheviot, fly front jacket,
m lined throughout with romaine lining, skirt lined with percallne and with
3 velvet binding, light gray, dark gray and black, siz:s 32 to 44.. ..51.00
I 535, 937, 939, O&J^gJF.—,^ « McCall Patterns
I 941, 943, 945, Wf^fe#^ s ; WAwe - .
1 947 Market St. M — -^^ New ma S a *' n9 n <>"
n tig / marKet at. /m nD oooo^y^ ready.
<ncoa9o«at» Wtmf WXWk mm ¦¦
SPECIAL BARGAINS :
Saturday and Monday
GRANULATED is*. SUGAR, 20 IbsSl
Finest Creamery Butter, square 35c
3 squares, $1; regular 43c.
BEST EGGS, d0z.....15c
IMPORTED SARDINES, 3 cans 25c
Rare bargain. Regular 12Hc can. ' : rjl
SWEET SUGAR CORN, 3 cans 25c
Regular 12% c can. . , ,•
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR, ™£ 80c
Regular 95c sack.
Ghirardelli's B n£- Cocoa,
BEST d TOMATOES, 4 cans 25c
Regular 10c can.
Barker's c^d Chocolate, 1i b 15c
Port, Sherry, Angelica, 5 bots. .$1
5 years otd. Regular 40c bot. .
Send for Monthly Prle« Ust Fr«e.
Country Orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 mile*. '.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp 7th. 'Phone 3. 292. ?»o Branch 8tor»m» ;
STEINWAY PIANOS
USED AT ALL i
PADEREWSKI
RECITALS.
SHERMAN. CLAY & COl/ \
FiciHa Coast K«jmenUtiT»i .
12
DESTRUCTION OF YOSEMITE MILLS. *.
which made excellent food for the de
structive «'lemont. An alarm was turned
in from the nearest box, and by the time
the department arrived the structure was
a seething mass of flames, which darted
high into the air, brightening the heavens
with their glare.
Chief Sullivan, appreciating that he had
a desperate battle before him, turned in
throe more alarms, calling out nearly
every fire apparatus in the city. Although
the flour mill was a four-story brick
structure, the heat of the flames was so
intense that its walls crumbled before
them and its entire interior wns soon
ablaze. When' there was no longer a
chance of saving the big structures, the
firemen turned their attention to saving
the adjoining property and confining the
conflagration to as small an area as possi
ble.
For a time the Franklin School, situ
ated on the same block, was threatened,
but It escaped with a scorching. The sa
loon of G. Catelli, adjoining the flour mill,
was consumed, and several families who
occupied the upper story lost all their
possessions. i--'- :
The origin of the fire is a matter of con
jecture. Lighted cigarettes carelessly
thrown in a rubbish pile in ihe alleyway
may have teen responsible. Another
theory is that sparks from a near-by
chimney Ignited some greasy sacks which
had been allowed' to accumulate near the
side of the paste factory.
Both the Yosemite Flour Mills and the
California-Italian Paste Factory were
owned and operated by C. R..Splivalo. He
places his loss at $25O.rXK). A portion of the
paste factory building was leased to H.
Autson, who conducted the Custom. Grain
and Feed Mills. Last night was his fourth
experience in being burned out. About
llfty men will be thrown out of employ
ment as a result of the fire.
Fireman Titus, an extraman of engine
21, was injured by a live wire. He was
taken to his home. Driver Hart -of the
same company was kicked by a horse
and slightly hurt. Police Officer George
Eastman fell over one of the guard rones,
smashing his nose and injuring a leg.
Jerry O'Keefe, an old man, tripped on a
piece of hose and In falling dislocated his
left shoulder. The latter two were treat
ed at the Receiving Hospital.
COM M ISSION EX . t.I W. BRITT.