1 YOUNG STUDENT KILLED BY HIS CRAZED BROTHER.
Carter from following his trade of ma
chinlst. For many years he had been In
charge of thrashing outfits for his father,
Last December he had an operation per
formed at Fresno by Dr. Davis and since
then he had been In the German Hospital
at San Francisco for relief. Over his con
dition he had brooded for months, and
friends of the family assert that he had
been melancholy for years. .
"I cannot make any other explanation
of the cause of this dreadful affair." said
his father, "than that Alexander was
overcome by a sudden nt of violent
mania. He had been Insane lam satisfied
now for years. While he had talked of
suicide, none of us took any stock in his
threats. I realized immediately what had
occurred when I heard the pistol shots
this morning. It was Charles, then
Alexander. I thought as the reports
reached ray ears. There had not been
the least warning. Both boys went to
bed last night as usual. : '¦ ..-¦ ¦.--:
"When I got into their room the sight
was awful. I saw at once that both boys
were gone. Charles lay quietly In his bed
Just as if he were sleeping. At the side
of the bed on the floor lay Alexander. I
found his pistol beneath him."
'' '• \noH-m of <"H«rar«»H-*«
.Victim or Cigarettes.. ,
"There Is every Indication," explained
Dr. Kelsey, "that the Insanity of the
young man was due to excessive cigarette
smoking. In the room were dozens of
half-smoked cigarettes and his features
were .those 08 a confirmed user of the
paper rolls. It does not seem credible
that the physical trouble from which he
suffered was sufficient to have turned his
brain. There is no doubt that the over-
Indulgence in cigarettes could affect the
brain and cause such a violent form of
mania that would have led to his deeds
"There never was a chance for either
of them, as the big bullets tore through
the brains, causing wounds beyond all
surgical relief. Thl members of the fain
ily were so afflicted that y our attention
was needed to soothe them during the
shock following the tragedy."
During the past two months Alexander
Carter has made two trips between Berke~
ley and Fresno. His father accompanied
him once, in order to have him given
medical attention. Two weeks ago Alex
ander returned to Berkeley and had in
tended, he said, to Temaln here until
summer farming work • began. His
brother, Charles, had be«n devoted for
several years to study. He attended the
Lowell High School In San Francisco for
two years and graduated last spring
from the Fresno High School, entering the
university in August.- He became proml
nent and popular and'waa elected presi
dent of the freshman class for the first
h a e n»^
on the university baseball team.
being: nine years his senior. They were
born at Byron, the Carter s old home,
and there the funeral will be held Sun
day. Coroner Mehrmann took charge oC
the remains and upon request of the fam
»>' permitted the bodies to remain at the
home, where an Inquest will be held to
morrow. „!„,»,•.,«, „# ii»,, n^ a .
In searching the clothing of Alexande.
Carter Deputy Coroner Mreightif found
f nearly J™» *™ »' H1?^""«H 1 ?^ ""« *? a V)Z
tr , ou I ser s P° clcet - Carter had been a user
°\^r c S TU F' « Q _n v Mm « tn TWkelov in
• The Car^r family came to Berkeley In
order a VLf^® Ch h£ urdverMtv Belldel
JSf «Slh?m ft BeTke^ the Soi-s had^
\f« , ™nm£* £ who
™£ ce * d ln 9 Mader^ ThonmS H ° Sle> Wh °
r %™* S ne*s of the tragedy cast a gloom
* th university town, where the young
gjudent had mude many warm friends
during his residence there. This afternoon
a g pe^ la i meeting of the freshman class
wa3 ne]d to arrange suitable testimonials
ot condolence. President Stbley- appointed
as a committee on resolutions F. T.
Berry. C. F. Stern and C. G. Bailey. The,
floral tributes will be arranged for by
mlssm 1ss Anzva McCleave, Miss Baldridge. A.
E. Jackson. J. A. Morlarlty. P. S. Mail
dox and Carl Jones. Representatives from
tne c , ass win acCo m P any the family to
Byron and act as pallbearers. During the
meeting addresses were delivered by
president Eschleman of the sophomore
class,' C. F. Stern. P. S. Maddox and F. T.
Berry.
Inquest to Be Held To-Day .
Charles was 23 years : old, his brother
MARCH TO BLOEMFONTEIN
WILL NOT BE OPPOSED
FOFLAH GROVE, Oranffa Free Stato,
March 9.— -General French, who it ten
miiee cheaC, reports that his front Is dear
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 9.
WHILE asleep in bed this morning
Charles Carter, a freshman at
the University of California.
,: was shot and killed by 'his In
sane brother, Alexander Carter, who im-;
mediately afterward committed suicide by
shooting himself in the head. The double
tragedy occurred in the brothers' bed
room at their residence, 2111 Rose street.
North Berkeley, where the family has
lived for six months. The brothers were
sons of George W. T. Carter, formerly an
Assemblyman from Contra Costa County,
and for seven years past a rancher In
Fresno County.
Illness and excessive cigarette. smoking
are the causes which led to Alexander
Carter's insanity. For several- years he
had been suffering from an abdominal
trouble, the result of an accident, and was
low-spirited because of the failure of an
operation to relieve him. His inveterate
use of cigarettes combined to upset his
mind and induced a form of melancholia.
Recently he had told his parents he was
afraid of going insane. They insist, as do
the young man's friends, that Insanity
alone can explain his terrible deeds.
The two brothers occupied a rear
bedroom In the trim cottage which Is
the home of the Carters. In the house
were Mr. and Mrs. Carter and a daughter.
Miss Mary Carter. The father was awak
ened about 6:30 o'clock by two pistol shots.
Miss Carter was also aroused, and they
intuitively realized what was the trouble.
The elder Carter rushed to his sons' room
and found the door locked. His calls fail
ing to elicit a response he attempted to
force the door, but failed. • Then half
dressed Mr. Carter went outside and with
the assistance of neighbors a window to
the room was opened and the aged parent
climbed in. - : . . ¦•. .
A horrible sight met his gaze. In the bed
lay the younger student, the coverings
drenched with -blood, while on, the floor
lay Alexander with a bullet wound in his
head. Blood covered the floor and was
spattered about the room. At the older
brother's side was the pistol with which
he had done such terrible execution.
Wounds Frove Fatal.
Drs. H. N. Rowell and J. E. Kelsey
were callef.but told the horrified relatives
that the wounds of both men were fatal.
Three hours later Charles died, his broth
er living until 1 o'clock this afternoon. As
soon as an examination of the room could
be made It was discovered chat Alexander
had risen and 1 half-dressed himself, evi
dently without disturbing his brother,
who occupied a separate bed. On the floor
at the foot of the fratricide's bed was hla
canvas traveling-bag, open, and its con
tents strewn about.. In the bag, he had
kept i his pistol." an old-fashioned five
chambered weapon, on the model of a
Smith & Wesson.
Alexander had shot his brother evident
ly while the latter was fast asleep, for
he lay under the bedcovers, which were
undisturbed. ; The ; maniac brother - had
stood 'several feet away and had shot di
rectly; at his sleeping brother's head, the
bullet entering a couple of inches back of
the right ear. He, then placed the muzzle
of the pistol in his own mouth and sent a
bullet through his brain.
There was not a particle of evidence In
the room* to indicate that the deed- was
premeditated.' Every appearance was that
the shooting was the result of a suddsu
Impulse of Insanity. : ? ¦¦'
; Last night the family had no suggestion
of the coming tragedy. Alexander Carter
retired '¦. early, ' his brother, remaining ; up
poring; over books until, qulte^ late.
None of the- family heard anything:
the young | men until they were I aroused
by the shooting.; ¦ ¦•—¦.¦ -
.The brothers had^been much attached
to each other. : While Carter * and ¦ his
wife i '¦¦ had .*« • knowledge of Alexander's
disturbed 1 mental -.condition.; they -never
had reason to suspect any homicidal' ten.
dencles.v -" He , had talked *of suicide , at
times, but it was hot considered seriously
by the members of the, family. ;¦,: j
Crippled by. an Accident.
Three years ago an accident occurred
which somewhat Incapacitated Alexander
AFGHANISTAN'S AMEER
STANDS WITH ENGLAND
LONDON, March 9— The Ameer of Afghanistan has auhtorized his agent in
London to publish the following statement of the policy of Afghanistan
toward Great Britain and Russia. After saying that he had devoted much
anxious thought to the possibility of Russia: taking advantage of the
Transvaal war to advance through Afghanistan and India, his Highness
adds:
"I have come to the conclusion that Russia feared Afghanistan, as war with
the Afghans would mean a general rising of all Islam, which would spread
through Russian Asia. Russia had not troops enough to combat such a rising.
Her hold on the Mussulman countries she has conquered is insecure. They hate
her, and with ten times her power Russia could not fight Afghanistan and India
successfully. The Afghans prefer death to slavery, and their women and children
are being taken by the Russians."-
After saying he is willing to send numerous troops to help Great Britain in
the Transvaal, but adding that the Afghans are unaccustomed to the sea, the
Ameer adds: ¦ <
"But England's troubles are always my troubles; her strength is my strength,
and her weakness Is my weakness. England must remember that I am always
ready to fight for h.er on land here or in India."
of the Boers. All other reports tend to
confirm the state of disorganization of the
Boer forces, Transvaal as well as Free
State. The general Impression Is that the
further progress of the British to Bloem
fontein will not be opposed.
A great amount of ammunition was de
stroyed to-day. This Included several
boxes of explosive bullets, on the out-ide
of which the Boers had marked, "Manu
factured for the British Government."
— i ¦ • ¦
KRUGER AND STEYN
TRIED TO RALLY BOERS
LONDON, March 9.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Lord
Reberts:
"POPLAR GROVE. Friday Morning.
March 9.— Presidents Kruger and Steyn
were both present at the figlit of March 7
and did all in their power to rally their
troops. The rout, however, was complete,
the men declaring that they could not
stand against the British artillery and
such a formidable force of cavalry."
KRUGER WANTED A SHOT
AT THE ENEMY HIMSELF
LONDON. March 9.— Dispatches from
the Boer camp at Glencoe via Lourenzo
Marques depict President Kruger as don
ning a bandolier, seizing a rifle and invit
ing volunteers to accompany him, as he
wished to have a shot at the enemy him
self.
President Kruger is also quoted as hav
ing declared In hl3 address to the troops
that he "did not know whether arbitration
or Intervention would end the struggle,
but that it would end quickly, within the
next month, he strongly believed."
¦ »
LATE OPERATIONS AS
REPORTED BY ROBERTS
LONDON, March 9.— The War Office has
Issued the following dispatch from Lord
Roberts:
"Clements has occupied Norvals Pont
and the adjacent drift. As soon as the
engineers, pontoon and troops arrive he
will cross the river, when the necessary
repairs to the railway bridge will be com
menced.
"Gatacre occupied Burghersdorp March
7 and was greeted with great enthusiasm
on the part of the loyal inhabitants. His
scouts report that large numbers of the
rebels In their neighborhood are anxious
to surrender."
KRUGER MAY ASSUME
THE CHIEF COMMAND
LONDON* March 10.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Dally Mail says: "I learn
that there is dissension between President
Kruger and General Joubert. and that tlie
latter has resigned. Probably President
Kruger will assume the chief command.
General Schalkberger and other prom
inent commandants are also likely to re
sign for similar reasons and because Pres
ident Kruger Ignored their advice to make
peace overtures after the first Boer vic
tory."
Kruger and Steyn Maße
Proposals for Peace in
Sucb Form That tbe
Imperial Government
Can't Entertain Trjem.
LONDON. March 10. 4:15 a. m.— Sir
Michael Hicks-Beach, Chancellor of
the Exchequer, when fxplaininjj to
the bankers the terms of the new
loan gave them an Intimation that
the Government considered the end
of the war near. "Since the. estimates
¦were prepared." he said, "events hove
taken place that have changed the situa
tion, and probably not ail the money will
be required."
Whatever the Government may know cr
Intend, unofficial opinion seems every
where to think that the Boer power is col
lapsing.
. The Eighth Division has been under
orders to embark for several weeks, but
these orders, as far as the artillery con
tingent Is concerned, have been recalled.
Lord Roberts having reported that no
more artillery from home is necessary.
This Is the first pause in reinforcements
since the war began. Sir Redvers Bulkr.
eetond in command in the field, and Lcrd
Wolseley are understood to also consider
that no more artillery is needed. Lord
Roberts has altogether 452 runs, including
ejege pieces.
It is quite clear that General Buller wfF
not. try anything large in the future, as
he is to lose Sir Charles Warren and the
latter's 10,000 men. who have been ordervd
to join Lord Roberts.
It Is the expectation of the War Office
that Lord Roberts, notwithstanding the
.necessity of garrisoning his depots, will
l>e able to operate a constantly increasing
force until by the time the Transvaal
frontier is " reached he will have 70.003
troops. His telegrams dealing with non
c-f=sentia!s are taken to mean that he Is
up to some mischief, as his apparent inac
tivity usually spells uncommon activity.
Mafekingr. as a beleaguered town, at
tracis much sentiment and sympathy.
Nothing has been heard from there since
February 19. There i.«= a rumor this morn
ing: that Colonel Baden-Powell has been
relieved, but this cannot be traced to any
.substantial basis.
; Late this afternoon It Is learned that
¦peace rumors were founded on the feet
that President Kruger has appealed to
Lord Salisbury for a cessation of hostili
ties, offering at length by cable the terms
which he is willing to accept. These,
however, are not taken seriously, as they
Include practically nothing more than what
the Transvaal Government offered prior to
the issuing of the British ultimatum.
Official circles here regard the proposl-
Boers' Have PlaQted
MiQes Uoder Jol)ar)
nesburg and Declare
Tbey Will Blow It Up
Before Surrender.
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
right. 1900, by New York Herald Com
pany.* Republication of this dispatch is
prohibited. All rights reserved in the
United States and Great Britain.]
LONDON. March 10.— The special corre
spondent of the Daily Mail sends this dis
patch:
LOURENZO MARQUES, Thursday.
March B.— Very little reliable news Is
reaching here from Transvaal sources.
All newspapers are stopped, and every
passenger is rigorously searched to pre
vent the slightest clew to the Boer move
ments being published. I am reliably in
formed that high officials at Pretoria
openly avow that the British flag will
never fly over Johannesburg, as the place
will be razed to the ground, mines being
constructed at various parts of the city.
They are electrically connected with the
fort and will be fired as occasion arises.
Most of the gold mines, except those con
trolled by the Government, are in a
shocking state, being full of water, while
the machinery Is rusting or willfully
smashed.
PREVENTED THE BURNING
OF THE QUEEN'S EFFIGY
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, March 9.— The
Gretna Mcnnonltes, strong Boer sympa
thizers, attempted to burn the Queen's
efflgy, but a dozen Englishmen with rifles
arrived on the scene and threatened to
fire on the disloyal crowd If the efflgy
was lighted. The Mennonites were ulti
mately dispersed. The Altona-Mennonites
are also giving trouble threatening to
drive the English-speaking people Vrom
the town. . ; .
INDEPENDENCE NOT TO
BE GRANTED T0 BOERS
LONDON. March 9.— The Standard,
which. is In closer touch with thepolicy
of the Government than any other minis
terial orpan. says this morning: "We
have reason to believe that an authorita
tive statement will be made by the Gov
ernment reaffirming the impossibllty of
conceding any terms of peace to the Boer
republics which would involve a perpetua
tion of the political and military Independ
ence that led to the present costly and
sanguinary conflict."
SCALING THE TUGELA HEIGHTS.
i ?±A. : : . (From London Illustrated" News).' '.;', , * V.' ¦
General Hart's (Irish) ; Brigade Making the Assault on the Boer Position on the 2*Torth: Side of the Tugela.
Bivcr During the Third Advanqp' for the Belief of Ladyamith." ' ~
CITIZENS WOUNDED IN
BATTLE WITH DESPERADO
Samuel Sandoval, a Bad Man of New
Mexico, Is Killed While Re
sisting Arrest.
DENVER. Colo.. March 9.— A special to
the Republican from Albuquerque. N. M..
says: Samuel Sandoval. a young desper
ado, was killed and several citizens
wounded In a battle at the town of
Atarlque. which followed an attempt to
arrest Sandoval and Juan Mestas. who
had been "shooting up the town." Mestaa
was captured.
SIXTEEN MEN KILLED BY
EXPLOSION IN COAL PIT
Galleries of the Mine Colhipsa and
the Victims Are Buried in
the Debris. .;
NIMES. France. March 9.— Sixteen
miners have been killed by an explosion
In a coal pit at Besseges. The galleries
of the mine collapsed, burying the bodlea
of th© victims.
Mania Developed From Excessive Smoking 1
and the Use of Morphine Causes
an Awful Tragedy in the
University Town.
Chancellor of tfye Exchequer flnnounces T(>at fill the
Money As^ed For Will Not Be Needed, aod There
Is a Lull in the Sending of Reinforcements to
South Africa.
BERKELEY SHOCKED
BY A MADMAN'S ACT
Alexander Carter, While Insane, Slays
His Brother Charles and Then
Commits Suicide.
GREAT BRITAIN THINGS THE
END OF THE WAR IS NEAR
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII-KO. 100.
SAX FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MARCH 10, 1900.
The San Francisco Call
tion as merely a ruse of the Boers to gain
time, and do not consider that President
Kruger is yet ready to consider the sweep
ing demands which Groat Britain will
make as reimbursement for the loss of life
and great expenditure. It was understood
that President Kruger's advances had met
¦with an emphatic rejection at the n*nds
of Lord Salisbury, who is believed to have
eald that no such attempt to retain iho
Independence of the Transvaal can be con
sidered for a moment by the British Gov
ernment. "" •; '*BRITISH STEAMER IS
SUNK IN A COLLISION
CAL.AIS, France, March 9.— The British
steamer Windsor, which has arrived here
from Leith. Scotland, reports that the
British steamer Cuvier, Captain Qulnton
from Antwerp for Brazil, was sunk in col
lision with an unknown steamer Th"
Windsor picked up the second mate anl
two seamen hanging to the Cuvier, the
rest of whose crew it ia feared were
drowned.
The Cuvier was a freight steamer and
probably carried a crew of about fifty
men. She was last reported arrived at
Liverpool on February 15' from New Or
leans, via Norfolk. She was a steel stea?n
er, built in 1883, of 2299 tons gross and 1452
tons net, and hailed from Liverpool. She
was owned by W. Pollard & Co. and W.
Jones.
Is sometimes a slight ailment, but it is
so often followed by serious sickness that
tHe wise heed its warning voice without
delay. At the first symptoms of physical
discomfort or disturbance, the first lan-
guid, wearied feeling— yes, even before
they appear, it is the greatest wisdom to
take Hood's Sarsaparilla as a preventive
and cure. Loss of appetite, dull head-
aches, bilious turns and that tired feeling,
*as well as blood eruptions, boils and
scrofulous or eczema symptoms, are all
promptly dispelled by America's Greatest
Spring Medicine. A single bottle will do
you an immense amount of real, practi-
cal good. Get it Today.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CANAL BILL
AMENDED BY
COMMITTEE
Clause Inserted Which Will
Permit of Fortifi- ¦, h
cations, v ..'... "
MORGAN ALONE. OPPOSED, IT
, ?- »_ -¦. j .¦
While No Authoritative Announce
ment Has Seen Made It Is Be
lieved Amendment Is Sat
isfactory to England.
.-: '.; »,. '.' — ! -.- ... ;
WASHINGTON, March 9.— The Senate
Committee on Foreign Relations to-day
agreed to report the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty amending the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty with an amendment granting au
thority for the defense of the canal by
this country when constructed. .... .. -
The committee was practically unani
mous in favor of the amendment. Some
objection was made by Senator Morgan of
Alabama, but he will not oppose the meas
ure In the Senate, accepting, the change
In order to hasten the action of the Sen
ate. Quite an elaborate report has been
prepared by Morgan, which will be sub
mitted to the Senate in executive session
when' the treaty is reported. It is tha
opinion of members of the Senate that
the change will but little delay the ratifi
cation of the treaty as amended.
The amendment is brief. It simply pro
vides that the restrictions in the treaty
shall not operate to prevent the United
States from using its own forces for the
defense of the interests of the United
States and the "maintenance of order.
Senator Morgan was the only member
of the committee who cast his vote
against the amendment, Senators Bacon
and Daniel, the only other Democrats
present, voting with the Republicans.
They also voted with the Republicans to
have the treaty reported as amended.
Morgan's Opposition.
Senator Morgan talked at length dur
ing the sitting of the committee in oppo
sition to the amendment, practically con
suming the entire time of the session. He
contended for the utmost liberality to
ward other powers in the use of the pro
posed canal and held that American in
terests were fully safeguarded by the
treaty as it stands. He also contended
that an effort to amend the agreement
might result in its defeat and Indicated
a purpose to oppose it to the utmost.
Some of the other Senators expressed the
hope that he would not go to this extent,
and before the meeting adjourned there
was felt to be some ground for the opin
ion that the Alabama Senator would con- ]
tent himself with stating his opposition. J
While no member was authorized to j
speak for Great Britain, the opinion was j
expressed that the Government of that
country would agree to the proposed
modification of the treaty.
Adoption Recommended.
The report submitted with the treaty
1b in the main a review of the general
situation with reference to the canal with
comparatively few recommendations. It
says, however, "we are in full accord with
the purpose expressed in article 2 of the
pen/ing convention to adopt as the basis
of neutralization the indicated rules sub
stantially as embodied In the treaty of |
Constantinople for the free navigation of
the Supz maritime canal."
The report then makes an analysis of
the. Suez canal ¦ treaty, laying special
stress upon article 10, which, the report
say-s, "prescribes limitations of the ut
most importance upon the stipulations."
The committee concludes its recommen
dations by quoting its proposed amend
ment remarking as follows:
"We are clearly of the opinion that if
article 10 did not exist the trua interests
and necessity of the United States require
upon the highest considerations of pru
dence and fight the adoption of the
amendment proposed."
Question of Good Faith.
The committee also concludes:
"The present abrogation of the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty would not in the least re
instate the rights of Honduras or Guate
mala, as we allege they were in 1850.
Neither do these states ask our inter
vention in their affairs. But we have a
more compulsory reason, one that in
volves our due respect for the history of
our own country, for ceasing to bring Into
further discussion the questions or good
faith on the part of Great Britain in the
execution of the stipulations and the pur
poses of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty."
This reason is found in the ratification
of the treaties of 1860, referring to which
the committee says:
"Congress expressed no dissent to
them or to the President's ', declara
tion 'that the dangerous questions
arising from the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
have been amicably settled.' We cannot
now assert to the contrary, and, for the
purpose of abrogating that treaty, we can
not insist that those questions are not set
tled.
"The conclusion is unavoidable that the
Government of the United States acknowl
edged In 1860 that the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty was an obligatory convention, and
that it had been fully and satisfactorily
executed on the part of Great Britain as
to all questions which up to that time had
been controverted between the two gov
ernments."
Referring to the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
the committee says:
It certainly avoided hottile collision between
these two great powere, whatever may have
been Its faults as an entangling alliance or
national humiliation to us or as the cause oC
protracted and heated diplomatic controversy.
Since 1860 the Clayton-Bulwer treaty has been
In some way recognized by the Government In
each of the succeeding administrations as a
substituting compact. Strong reasons for its
abrogation have been frequently stated, and
some have always denied Its obligatory force;
but no movement to accomplish that result has
been made either by Congress or the executive.
This treaty Is therefore open and existing as
a binding and unexecuted compact, with the
txprees approval of the United States as to the
question of our control over the canal and our
right to build and fortify, it. It Is executed,
and therefore unrepeatable as to all other ques
tions and matters covered by its provisions.
A question of its abrogation raised at this time
would only relate to the parts of the treaty
that remain to be executed.
The Identical treaties of Great Britain and
the United States with Nicaragua provide for
the protection of the canal and the companies
of construction by the Governments, with the
use of military or civil Instrumentalities, and
they limit the profits of the concessionary cam
panles to IE vvr cent.
In ci-t respects the Governmental super
vision for the protection of the concessionaire*
whether British or • American, •is nearly su
preme, and. would soon become absolute in the
dealings of either of these powers with the pro
tection of their citizens or subjects holding con
cessions from Nicaragua. ¦
As.matters stand It has all th* time, since
the»«* Identical treaties were concluded, b«en a
race of diligence between American ana British
concessionaires as <o who should gain control
6 tops the Coufth and Work* Off th« Cold.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets cur* a cold
in on* <3»f. No cure, no pay. Pric* 2&c .
Buried Under Snow.
VANCOUVER, 8. , C. March ¦ 9.— At the
Noblei Five mine," a* short distance, from
this town, there was a heavy ' showslide
to-day, five miners being overtaken and
burled In the drifts. > Two of the men were
killed <; and the -. other i three- - when dug
out of the snow were found to have sus
tained serious injuries. The names or the
dead v not known. -
AT THIRTY!
When a . man
reaches thirty years
he should be at his
best. Those who
have abused the laws
of nature begin at
about that age ', to
pay the penalty.
Loss of sleep, failing
ambition, nervous and vital weakness,
pains in the back and shoulders are the
common symptoms. Drugs will' not
cure. Nothing but DR. Mc-
LAUGHLIN'S. EtECTRIC BELT
is a cure for this condition. -It fills the
weak parts with new vitality while you
sleep. S€ad lor free* 80-"page book about
it • rs?:?;;, :; ?
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
7Q2 Market EtJ, cor.- Kearay. S. T.; Bur-
*lck Block, cer. Spring and Second Et*.,
I«oa Aes«!e*.
BIG SHIPS TO PLY TO
VARIOUS ORIENTAL PORTS
Great Northern Preparing to Build
Four Large Cargo Steamers for
the Philippine Trade.
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
NEW YORK, March 9.— James J. Hill,
president of the Great Northern, ia to
build at New London, Conn., the largest
shipyard in the world. He proposes to
build four big cargo steamers designed
for him in England, to run between the
terminus of the Great Northern Railway
at Puget Sound and ports in China, Japan
and the Philippine Islands. The ships will
be the largest in the world with the ex
ception of the new ones recently built for
the Atlantic trade by the Hamburg-Ameri.
can and White Star lines. They will be
over 600 feet long, 70 feet broad and have
five decks, capable of carrying 20,000 tons
of cargo and 200 passengers. They will
not be built for speed, although expected
to average twelve knots per hour under
ordinary pressure and fifteen to sixteen
knots in an emergency. The engines wi'l
develop SOOO horsepower. Mr. Hill expects
to commence two ot the ships this sprint
and have them completed within eighteen
months.
Two new Pacific Mail steamers now be
ing built at Newport News will compete
directly with the Great Northern vessels
in the Asiatic trade. One will be com
pleted in December. 1900. and the other
early next year. They aje the largest
steam vessels ever contracted for in the
United States up to date. They will cost
$2,000,000 each. The length is 575 feet.
beam 63 feet, depth 40 feet, tonnage 18.100
tons, speed 18 knots (which is faster than
the Great Northern steamers), and there
will be accommodations for 150 cabin and
1200 steerage passengers. The actual ca«go
capacity will be about 12,000 tons.
The Spreckels Sugar Company of San
Francisco has contracted with the Cramps
of Philadelphia to build two steamships
very nearly as large, of 10,500 tons and a
speed of eighteen knots, which they will
use on the Oceanic line between San
Francisco, Honolulu and Australia-
WILL FIGHT GAMBLERS.
Anti-Saloon League Takes Up, Cr
usade Against Pool sellers.
6p<^;laJ Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, March 9.— At a meeting
of the Anti-Saloon League Thursday
evening petitions were prepared and a
committee appointed to visit every section
of the county and keep up the agitation
against licensing poolselllng in Washing
ton.
It. may be stated authoritatively that
the Board of Supervisors will not repeal
the present ordinance.
Respite for Schafer.
HELENA, Mont., March ».— A respite
for Joseph Bchafer. the alleged innocent
man under sentence to be . hanged at
Butte, has been telephoned to the Sheriff
there by Lieutenant Governor Spriggs. It
was feared, the mails ¦ would miscarry.
The Lieutenant • Governor will sign the
temporary respite when he reaches Butte,
in order that the Supreme Court may
have an opportunity to pass upon Scha
fer'o appeal. The Sheriff will respect the
telephonic reprieve. It had seemed that
Schafer must harftr, • since the Governor
and Lieutenant Governor have been out of
the State. :
CLEVER AS CATS IN
THEIR ROUGH COUNTRY
LONDON. March 9.-A. G. Hales, the
Daily News correspondent, who fell into
the hands of the Boers February 7 and
was released a few days ago at Blo«vmfon
tein, telegraphs "some lsside Impressions"
cf the Boers:
"They are clever as cats in their rough
mountain country and nearly as active,
dashing from point to point with marvel
ous rapidity; equally at home on foot or
!n the- saddle, never by any chance expos-
Ing themselves needlessly, but brave
enough when mere courage and Its use
ure necessary.
"They watched our men moving toward
them on the veldt from behind bushes,
rocks and loose earth, often allowing our
scouts to get within a few yards and per
mitting them to ride away unmolested in
order to draw the troops into ambush."
It was into one of these snares that
llalep with eighty Tasmanians rode.
Lamberts, the Boer general, is described
ss "dressed a* a bullock driver, with
patched tweed trousers, a coarse blue cot
ton shirt, a dirty red cotton handkerchief
around his neck and a battered felt hat."
He wore a. pair of boots that were ragged
at the toes, his sleeves were rolled up to
the elbow and he had a short pipe in his
mouth when Hales saw him. But he
eeemed full of dash and energy, and is
paid to be a celebrated hunter. "His men
did not salute him, but-addressed him fa
miliarly.
Hales and the other wounded were cent
into the interior. Whenever their escort
6toppe<j at a farm men and women gave
them milk, fruit, brandy and tobacco
washed their wounds and literally over
whelmed them with kindly attentions
When some of the British prisoners said
they were married and had families the
Boer women would lift their children to
be shaken by the hand.
BOERS PARALYZED
BY ROBERTS' TACTICS
LONDON, March 10.— All the special dis
patches from Poplar Grove confirm the
panic of the Boer*. The Morning Post's
correspondent says:
'"President Kruger shed tears at his In
effectual attempts to rally the Boers, who
were completely paralyzed by Roberts*
masterly tactics. They were too demor
alized to heed his expostulations, and de
clared that the British cannon were every*
The Daily News' correspondent sa* »:
The Boers were seized with a panic thus
ppoJ'.lng the whol* plan, which had' been
beautifully calculated to destroy them en-
CRITICISES
ACTION OF WAR
DEPARTMENT
Testimony of Witness, in
the Ccbmv d'Alene
Investigation. \
James R. Sovereign Declares the Mil
itary Sought Not to Preserve
Order but to Terrorize
the People.
WASHINGTON, March 9.-The cross
examination of James R. Sovereign was
continued to-day in the Coeur d'Alene in
vestigation before the Houbo Committee
on Military Affairs. Representative Dick
took the witness over his statements re
garding martial law and the course of the
\S ar Department, with a view of showing
H? at TIT I , t . was tne State authorities and not
the federal Government that declared
and enforced martial law.
Mr Sovereign said that a reading of the
official telegrams satisfied him that the
« ar Department declared martial law, as
the military telegrams antedated the
oovernors proclamation by one day.
When asked if the military were there for
any other purpose than to maintain peace
arid order, the witness answered that he
believed this was not their purpose, as
their presence tended to terrorize the peo
ple, substituting military dictation for the
usual civil methods. No one ever heard
of martial law before in labor troubles,
Mr. Sovereign declared. As to his approval
of _, c I? se of tne military in the Chicago
strike, he said that was limited to tha use
° f . /he troops for maintaining order.
th Mr^°u ere i?ni Bta . ted that he understood
r.» i n r ii H p" mlne was own e<i by the
Standard Oil Company, but this had been
denied in testimony before the Industrial
Commission, although the witness be
lieved from telegrams developed in the
case that this ownership existed.
He was also questioned as to the influ
ence of certain lead Interests in the Coeur
dAlene district. In that connection he
said a mine official had told him that sev
eral pi the lead interests had souirht to
combine on a $30,000,000 capitalization, but
that the New York capitalists would 1 not
BS? ! w£ *n e s,& er uniess the ™»™^-
Chairman Hull added that it was a valu
able basis for another Investigation.
tlrely. As the Sixth Division emerged
from a hidden position and appeared v,n
the crest with the mounted infantry in
skirmishing order tha Boers thought the
whole earth covered with soldiers, in
their front and rear and on their flanks.
They did not wait to verify their supposi
tion, but fled, seized apparently with a
dread that they might 6hai»e the fate of
Cronje."
REPRESENTATIONS AS
CABLED TO SALISBURY
LONDON. March 10.— The Dally Mall
publishes the following dispatch from
Pretoria, dated Thursday. March 8, via
Lourenzo Marques/ which has been cen
sored by the Boer Government:
"Conversations I have had 'with the
highest state officials show that the Boers
want some arrangement. They say that
if England is waging a war of conquest
they will fight to the finish. Otherwise
they believe that a plain statement of the
Boer intentions will reveal a basis of ne
gotiation, now that England's prestige Is
repaired.
"President Kruper and President Steyn
conferred on Monday at Bloemfontein on
the incorporation of the above representa
tions In a cablegram to Lord Salisbury-
The preservation of the independence of
the two republics is a sine qua non."
PRISONERS BADLY TREATED.
LONDON. March 10.-Mr. Hollawell, In
a further telegram to the Daily Mall de
scribing his experiences in a Pretoria Jail,
says there are about one hundred colon
ials there and they are scandalously
treated. He made an attempt to see the
American Consul, but in vain.
of the canal. One company being installed would
not necessarily exclude any other.
Joint Ownership Dangerous.
The right to a footing In Nicaragua thus ac
quired by Great Britain Is full of peril to this
republic, and could only be disposed of by fur
ther agre«nient,or by war or by uniting the In
terests cf both Governments in the Joint owner
ship and control of the canal. Such an arrange
ment, while It is still desired by some, would
be a fatal mistake that would soon involve the
countries in war. or It. would enlarge and solid
ify the scheme of alliance that Is embodied In
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty Into a practical al
liance, offensive and defensive, in the control
of navigation and the commerce of the world.
It la these latter treaties that present the real
grounl of our present difficulties, fro-u whlcn
the convention of 1900 relieves us.
Coming" to the pending treaty the re
port says:
No other nation except th* United States
could have so great an interest In the exclusive
right to own and control an isthmian canal,
but in this matter, come what may, we are
compelled to assert the superiority of our
right, now for the first time conceded by Great
Britain. It Is wise and Just, therefore, that
the value of this concession to us should be
estimated as a great consideration for anything
we may yield. If we. indeed, yield anything,
in acquiring the exclusive right to control the
canal by a modification of the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty.
In the convention of February 6, 1900,' Great
Britain agrees that the restriction as to the
exclusive control of the canal imposed by the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty shall continue to bind
her, while the United States is released from It
This leaves us free to acquire from Costa Rica
and Nicaragua the exclusive control of the
canal for the Government or for our citizens
under the protection of the United States, while
It cuts off Great Britain from any such right.
Referring to the difficulties which have
arisen over the treaty the report says:
"The only objections that have been"
urged by the United States have not re
lated to the treaty as a binding compact,
but to the conduct of Great Britain In
executing its terms and in refusing to
abandon certain islands and coast posses
sions which she. claimed were not held
after the date of the treaty In violation
of its terms."
Exclusive Control.
¦ The committee calls attention to the fact
that under existing conditions the control
of the canal is not "exclusive," and adds:
"This magic word has paralyzed the
eager desire of the two great powers to
control this canal for fifty years, and now
Its disappearance leaves us free to con
struct and control the canal, excluding
any right of Great Britain to interfere."
Touching upon, the strategic importance
of the canal the report says:
We stipulate against the blockade of the
canal by any nation. ¦ . ¦-•
In conditions that may not be entirely re
mote we would find j this provision, in letting
our ships through the canal free from capture
by onr enemy, of great security to our coast
wise trade. • t ...
With our naval bases at Manila. Honolulu.
San Francisco and San Diego on one side, and
at San Juan, Porto Rico, the Isle of Pines and
Key West, with other fortitled naval stations,
on the other side. It is extremely Improbable
that a fleet would cross either of the arreat
oceans and approach the canal to find a gate
way to the coasts of the other ocean. .
If we are not able to handle an «n*my un
der such disadvantages to them our poww of
resistance to such a campaign would be tin
worthy of our country, if it would not b* lu
dicrous. ¦ .-!-..
Easy to Defend. / ¦. J '¦'.;¦ " '¦.
A*s to the prohibition of the fortifications
the report says:
With the military police by the United States
provided for In this convention for the protec
tion of the canal. Its defense can be made per
fect against any foreign power that is not
strong enough to occupy the country and hold
It against all comers. ¦ •. - ¦ .
In any event. If war is to com* that will in
volve the ownership or control of the canal or
the right of passage through it,' .no battl*
should be fought In the region near to It. i To
make the canal a battleground 1b necessarily to
expose it to destruction, and the erection of
fortresses for Its protection will Invite hostili
ties to IU locality. • • •
But the real danger to th*. canal, from the
absence of fortifications. Is so slight and Im
probable that Its discussion appears to be un
necessary. It is scarcely conceivable that Great
Britain will send a fleet across the Atlantic to
attack our western coasts, or across the Pacific
to attack our eastern coasts. . • • •
In the event of such wars 'th* neutrality et
the canal, secured by the consensus of all na
tions, would operate to our advantage by bring
ing our ships of. war safely from ocean to ocean
Into quick access to our harbor defenses -
But the canal is not dedicated to war, but
to peace: and whatever shall better secure Just
and honorable peace is a triumph. • • ¦ ¦-
Senator Morgan later In the day filed a
minority report opposing th© amendment
of the committee.
After announcing his concurrence in the
main report referring to the history of the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty, Senator Morgan
proceeded to the consideration of that
treaty, as affected by the pending agree
ment. He said that the "extreme conten
tion of the Government of the United
States has been that the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty is violable at our option. Not hav
ing exercised :that option, the treaty 1%
confessedly conclusive as. to the parts of
the agreement that have been executed
and is operative as to the parts that re
main in force. - - . . ¦••
"The only legal' effect. from the amend
ment, if it can have any effect upon our
national' rights or powers,", he says "is
to annul the neutralization of the canal
provided for In article two of the treaty
under consideration. If this ia Its purport
It would be more satisfactory to strike out
that article and declare the abrogation of
the unexecuted parts of the Clayton-Bul
wer treaty." - :¦..:.
BOER FIGIITIXG FORCE, AS ESTIMATED BY THE niIITI«H WMI
OFFICE.
Tranft-raal .... it non
Orange Free State j2'^!
From the Britliih Colon lex " " '•' 2' ft Xo
F »«'e»» ::::::::::: i;SSS
From other ¦onroen the Iloer ¦treneth In placed nt *.'.*.*.*.* SO^OOO
•Besides B8 heavy and 45 naval srann.
BRITTSH FIGHTING FORCE IN SOUTH AFRICA ON FEB. 25, 1900.
SYMPATHY OF
SENATORS FOR
THE BOERS
Mason's Resolution Causes a
Discussion in Secret
Session.
MEDIATION IS SUGGESTED
Subject of an Alleged Secret Alli
ance "With Great Britain Sobs
Up, but No Definite Action
Is Taken.
WASHINGTON. March 9.— Discussion
of Mason's resolution, expressing sympa
thy for the Boers, was conducted in the
Senate to-day behind closed doors, Da
vis, cnaircnao of the Foreign Relations
Committee, demanding that the doors be
closed.
Jn the secret session the discussion was
mainly upon the question as to whether
discussion of the Mason motion should be
in open or secret session.
Senator Hoar said he was in favor of
passing a resolution asking the President
to offer his good offices in an attempt at
mediation, and if the Mason resolution of
sympathy should be passed it would pre
vent the passage of such a resolution and
6top the President from making the ten
der on his own account.
TiUman then offered a substitute for
the Mason resolution, requesting the Pres
ident to tender his friendly offices for
mediation. The resolution was as fol
lows:
"That the President be requested to
offer the mediation and kindly offices of
the United States Government to put an
end to the war In South Africa and se
cure peace between Gieat Britain and
the Dutch republics on terms honorable
to both parties to the conflict."
Lodg-e made the point of order that a
cub-resolution could not be offered to the
resolution now la committee, and the
point was sustained.
Hale made a speech In favor of the
Boere similar to the one he delivered in
open session some time ago. 'He added
that he was in favor of the Mason resolu
tion, but that it was useless to try to
pot an expression of sympathy from the
Senate.
The eubject of an alleged secret alliance
came up. Mason said we were told every
day that there Is no secret alliance. If
th*>re If not. said he, let us carry out our
usual habit In men cases. "We always
have passed resolutions of sympathy with
struggling republics," continued Mason,
"and we should do so now."
There was nothing: against Great Britain
in the resolution.
Spooner responded that England had
freen our friend in th© Spanish war, and
we should do nothing' to interrupt these
friendiv relation*.
This brought Hoar to his feet. He said
that a irr»-at question of right and wrong
¦was Involved, and it should be settled, re
gardless of questions of friendship,
whether it waa of Spain, England or the
Czar o.f Russia,
Df-pew said he had recently been waited
upon by a committee of Finlanders, who
wantfd the United States to take action
upon the outrages perpetrated upon them
t>y the Czar. He asked why It was that
when the Junidr Senator from Illinois was
tiubhling over with sympathy, some of it
had rot swashed over on the Finladers.
Mason responded that he Btill had a
number of other resolutions on tap which
he would Introduce, but Just at present
he was anxious to have action for ths
Bciere. who most needed It.
It is understood that the motion will b«
debated again next week.
COST OF WAR IN
MEN AND MONEY
Vast Number of;
Troops Sent by<
England to South:
Africa.
THE army estimates given out b>
Lord Lansdowne of the British
War Office last week,' following
the good. news from the .seat of war.
show an increased expenditure over last
year, of £40,882,200 (over- $200,000,
000), with an intimation that more will
be required later on.
The total number of men is placed at
430,000, an increase over last year of
245,147, which is about the number al
ready there and about to start for South
Africa.
The Marquis of Lansdowne.
ICKNESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 10, 1900.
aMM "' g^fh£g^aiSi^3jto^^^ l^^^S^y^^»^i^s
SMITHS
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., near Ilia Ferry.
COME OR SEND
For Horn* "Circle, and Special Bargain LJst of
Articles Mentioned in
CLEARANCE SALE.
Free delivery !n town and across the bay.
Biggest variety of groceries and housekeep-
ing goods on the coast at mon.M--sa.vlnr prices.
Dining room on sixth floor Is op«n.
BUY THE BABY
A pair of nice ltttl* shoes. If 'tis on the Up slsas L *. I. *. th«r are only ""<"¦ *n1 90 pretty.
Then at sOe. tnjr slse for little tots; even fat baby shoes with wide anklet: tans, black,
chocolate; these are closing lots. Heavy, double sole school style, t, s'». at 83c. Tou »iv»
big money on every pair of shoes we advertise.
ON SALE TO-DAY!
ICOO pair* infant** rtoea, black or ohocolate. »• pratty and rood as thoy «¦» rn»4«, 23«. •
45c. 55 e, 75c; some of th« Mar*M ar* worth $1 ntoll t&
1200 pairs little girls' ihoea. atzrs S to Mlssea* I. heavy or llfht— «so, 75e, 83c. 95e. Thes«
are closing lots" of good style shoes at cut rates. '"' ' "
JOOO pairs for ladles and Urge Klrls; Sunday or every-<isjr styles; spring h»*l9 or h»Ms— 81.10.
91.45. f 1.75. $325— higher cost includes shoes sold at *4 to IS in credit stores.
Broken lot*, low shoes, girls or ladles only, J, JH, t, JH, out of style toes. 33<j. 45c: regular
linea of Oxfords, coin toe, 24 to 7H. except 5. Mi. «. clostng at 75c. ¥ l.O«>; good value at
$1 60 and higher.
The whole world
Old knows that at Fort
Ross, located but a
few miles from San-
3?Qff Francisco, are the
S vr * ruins of the oldest
Russian settlement
f»^__ on the Pacific Coast:
ISUSS. yet how many are
familiar with th#
history of this Interesting spot and know
its touching and romantic story? Next
Sunday's Call will contain a well illus-
trated and readable article upon the sub-
ject of rare historical value.
Bale of shoes. 717 Market st.. near Third.*
RABBI LEVY'S
SON ATTACKED
By THE PLAGUE
Young Man Is Among the
Victims in Hono
lulu.
Hawaiian Board of Health Presents
an Encouraging Beport Con- .
'. - • cerning the Scourge in
' the Islands.
»
HONOLULU, March B.— Four cases of
bubonic plague have developed since
March 2. Among the victims Is Herman
Levy, day clerk at the Hawaiian Hotel.
In this case, as in others where white per
sons are concerned, there Is no clew as to
how the disease was contracted. The case
of Levy is of a pneumonic' type frequently
encountered of late.
Mr. Levy is a son of Rabbi Levy of Ban
Francisco, and has been here about three
years. He was visited by his father and
sister last summer.
The schooner Alice Klmball. from Maul,
brings word that there is a suspicious case
of sickness In camp 2, Kihei plantation.
Captain Nicholson of the schooner re
ported to Dr. Wood that four physicians
had examined the case. Two regarded It
as suspicious, while the other two were
of the opinion that it was not the plague.
Who the physicians were was not stated.
However, the house in which the patient
was found was burned.
Encouraging reports come from the out
side islands. No additional cases of plague
have developed In either Hilo or Kahului.
The Board of Health has decided to lift
the quarantine on both places. With re
spect to the former it was voted that if
there are no other cases of plague befors
next Tuesday the town and port of Kilo
will be declared clean and open to com
merce. The same resolution obtained with
regard to Kahului. save that the date In
this case was made March "IS, or thirty
days from the last case in the detention
camp there. „
The present quarantine rules stop almost
entirely the shipping of most kinds of
freight. The Board of Health desires to
remove this restriction as far as it is safe
to do so. It is thought that arrangements
will be made by which everything but
Oriental goods may b« shipped from here
to the other Islands.
'Japanese merchants and merchants
dealing in Japanese goods are considera
bly wrought up over the action of the
Board of Health In relation to the lm-'
portation of Japanese food stuffs. There
is a movement on foot to memorialize
the President not to place the prohibition
on Importations that has been asked for
by the Board of Health, at least without
further Inquiry Into the matter. The Im
porters say that most of the Japanese ar
ticles In this list, and particularly mlzo,
are articles of everyday diet among the
Japanese, as much as meat or butter is
among the Americans or Europeans.
The Japanese Consul has written
to the Government here protesting
against the action of the Board of Health.
Minister Dayman has evolved a plan
to guard against any delay In the proper
appropriation of funds to carry on the
expense* of the Government. The idea
anticipates a failure of Congress to pass
the enabling act or a failure of the Leg
islature to meet In time to avert the
stringency. Before the Cabinet this
morning he made the following self-ex
planatory statement, which met with ap
proval :
I hava prepared a rough outline or ?stlmaj
of requirements so far as my department goes
and requast estimates from the other depart
ments for a special appropriation bill, to b«
paased by the Council of State and sent . to
President McKlnley for his approval, for money
that will be needed In excess of the present ap
propriation bill, or for such special objects as
may be absolutely necessary to b« called for
(luring the present period before Congress shall
have passed our act or our own I>*sr>!atur-»
could act under the circumstances. Whether
the bill receives the approval of President Mc-
Klnley or not. I think we should put ourselves
on record aa to having; tried to do something
to relieve the situation.
The twelve sailors of the British ihip
Inverness-shire were ail found guilty of
neglect of duty by the marine court which
met at the British Consulate. In effect
It was an imposition of fines upon all the
men. amounting to nearly all that la due
them from the vessel, an average of about
$200 each. The wages that are due them
will be applied to reimburse the ship for
the loss occasioned by reason of their
conduct. This is the losing of an an
chor and over a hundred fathoms of chain,
and about a month's time. The Inver
ness-shlre is out at least $2000.
The old British bark Sebastian Bach
will probably end her ocean career in Hon
olulu. She Is anchored outside, having
called here In distress, andls in such con
dition that seamen do not think It worth
while to repair her. The bark 13 a very
old one and Is all wood. Captain "Wooley
has written to the owners for Instruction*.
The Sebastian Bach Is owned In Hong
kong, and was on her way from there to
the coast with ballast when she encoun
tered a storm that almost sent her to the
bottom.' Her seams opened, some plates
came off, the bulwarks were smashed in
and she sprung a leak. The captain
steered for Honolulu to get repairs, and
has been anchored outside the harbor for
about a week.
«*. -»
visit OR. JORDAN'S onuri
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?,
CM icnKAamsT.*t earn. area, i
. i^r The Lare«t Anatomical Museum in the \
Wand. Weakncnes or any contracted m
1 >M disease p*«ltlvrl7rar*4~hr the oldest r
I SSI Eit 36 yeai* %
flgPI OR. JOROAN-PtIVATE DISEASES 4
I 1I 1 9MI Cofnoltatkm free and strict)* private. \
J XVI Trtitment peuoiully cr by letter. AM
I. ' ««¦ f**->t— CW«in r»ery dMondertakm. \
I" '1* Writ, far Book. »¦!¦.••©»¦* «f m
¦ ||W MAMMIA4BK. MAIUO FIU |Af
A Jlr «»aabl« book for men; \
DR. JTOHDASr A CO.; 1061 Market St., a P. f
2
MMAWIM3RS ASTD THEIR
POSITIOJTS. t
: B 2??
J5
i
* • z>
• It I
•=9
Total
Men.
• i
General Bailer's force, in-
cluding I.ariynmlth trnrrl-
* " on 5,500 32,000 8,820
General Gatacre (Storm- t
bergr) 2 ,500 6,400 400
General Clements (Coles-
bergr) . 3 300 11,900 1,100
General Methnen (Klmber-
2 ! f r) *>400 24,800 2,150
Colonel Daden - Poirell
(Mafeklnsr) 000 180
Colonel Plamer (Rbodmia) 2,000 ISO
Lord Roberta (Orangre Free
Btate ) IS.BOO 3I>.»OO 4,350
Mnei of commnnlcatlon... 0,400 13,000 1.870
Engineers and Royal Gar-
rison Artillery
105 41,320
16 0,300
42 10,300
84 31,350
6 1,150
O 2,150
'
152 50.780
30 21,570
... 0.000
180,020
To * al " 40,200 120,000 18,020 I
Dae to arrive in March and
April
56,000
Grand Total }
1 "is o«n
MMAWIM3RS ASTD THEIR
POSITIOJTS. t
: B 2??
J5
i
* • z>
• It I
•=9
Total
Men.
• i
General Bailer's force, in-
cluding I.ariynmlth trnrrl-
* " on 5,500 32,000 8,820
General Gatacre (Storm- t
bergr) 2 ,500 6,400 400
General Clements (Coles-
bergr) . 3 300 11,900 1,100
General Methnen (Klmber-
2 ! f r) *>400 24,800 2,150
Colonel Daden - Poirell
(Mafeklnsr) 000 180
Colonel Plamer (Rbodmia) 2,000 ISO
Lord Roberta (Orangre Free
Btate ) IS.BOO 3I>.»OO 4,350
Mnei of commnnlcatlon... 0,400 13,000 1.870
Engineers and Royal Gar-
rison Artillery
105 41,320
16 0,300
42 10,300
84 31,350
6 1,150
O 2,150
'
152 50.780
30 21,570
... 0.000
180,020
To * al " 40,200 120,000 18,020 I
Dae to arrive in March and
April
56,000
Grand Total }
1 "is o«nSUICIDE OF FOOTBALL MAN.
"NEW YORK, March 9.— Word was re
ceived bar* to-day that Stanley Huntlng-
r liiP^iii^
fill
HXTDTAM
p r o m p tly
o v c reome*
any weak-
ness of/th«
s t o m acb.
anil by
gently stim-
ulating tb«
little glands
cau s»a a
flow ot th»
Juices that
ar» essential
to the con-
version o f
food Into
blood.
HUDYAN
s trengtbens
or t o n • s
thes« llttto
glands a ¦
well, thus
betta rtns;
t h • quality
of the diges-
tive fluids.
HUBYAJI
cures Bil-
ious Dyspea-
sla. Xervous Dyspepsia. Simple Indl««-»tlon.
Chronic Indigestion and Catarrh of the Stom-
acn. HUDYAN prevents Cancer of the Stom-
ach and Ulceratlon of Stomach.
The numbers describe the weak points when
stomach is out of order. HUDYAN bring*
prompt relief.
lIUDYAN cures palpitation of the heart, con-
fusion of mind, sleeplessness, dizziness, head-
aches, sallow comDlexlon or paleness, emacia-
tion, Icf s of appetite, loss of strengtb and con-
stipation.
HUDYAN Is the best remedy In this world for
«uch conditions, because it cures permanently.
ACT HIinVAM from your druszlst; SOo a
UCI lIL'III Ail package, or til package* tot
U CO. If your druggist does not keep It Mad
direct to the lIUDYAN* REMEDT CO.. Cor.
Stockton. Ellis and Market Sta,. San Franciscan
Cal. . . ..*—al
t CONSULT "t -Coomilt fr«» th«
I FREE. I Had,.- Doctor*. Call
? » of write to them.
THE LATE E. J. PHELPS.
0-»-<fr-»- »-»-<s> -»-;<s> ~»-^-»-». • » ? #
nominee for Governor of Vermont, and
bravely led the "forlorn hope" to the very
last.
In 18S1 Mr. Phelps was made Kent pro
fessor of law at Yale, and during the next
few years following he delivered a num
ber of lectures on constitutional law at
the Boston University and elsewhere. ,
In 1885 Mr. Phelps, at the urgent re
quest of President Cleveland, went as
Minister to Great Britain, where he served
until relieved by Robert Lincoln, Presi
dent Harrison's appointee, in ISSO.
In 1892 President Harrison appointed
Mr. Phelps one of the counsel of the
Court of Arbitration for the settlement of
the Bering Sea controversy, which con
vened in Paris February 23. 1593.
Mr. Phelps made many contributions to
th© legal writings of the American bar,
among which may be particularly men
tioned a series of articles for the Nine
teenth Century on the constitution of the
United States.
Though a lifelong Democrat. Mr. Phelps
in 1896 abandoned his political traditions
and, following the logic of his convictions,
voted for McKinley and Hobart as
against Bryan and free silver.
mm chicm errors English
Pennyroyal, pills
¦ _ <ST~V Orlctaal aad Only Crania*.
>jKi£m *" CIUCIIKSTEKH KNGLJAH
*' W*VtSi ><> UF.O «vi Gold aietalUs bom. nalkl
T?k —»vV*3 with bio. nM»». Take a* «ta*r. liftgi
W t»Wj»Mffi»M Baa.JHaa.aa a>4 laiita-
I *•* aC «»¦(>• '¦" ri i 111 mlii iTiHlMiiiial
t» B mi " Relief f»r Ladle*," »U««r, !>r ra>
JjC-^'ir tan Mall. 1 •.••• TaniawaiaU. Mltf
> «— -"/ an Driftlit*. . Calea—tfr Caeajlaal flaw
MailliUtoyyq. lUUhi Mun> FIU44 Vi.
POLITICIAN ARRESTED
FOR GOEBEL'S MURDER
Clerk in State Auditor's Office in Jail
and Warrant Out for Secre
tary of State.
FRANKFORT, Ky., March 9.— W. H.
Coulton, a clerk in the office of State Au
ditor Sweeney, was arrested and placed
in jail to-night, charged with complicity
in the murder of the late Governor Wil
liam Goebel. The arrest was made by
Chief of Police Williams at 9 o'clock.
More arrests are likely to-night
Warrants have also been issued for the
arreat of Secretary of State Caleb Powers
and Captain John W. Davis, a policeman
of the State Capitol Square, but they ha\'e
not been served. The warrants charge
them with being accessory to the Goebel
assassination: and warrants against ex-
Secretary of State Charles * inley and
John T. Powers, brother of Secretary of
State Powers, have been sworn out and
have been sent to Whltley County for
service. • ¦
Davia is in the city' to-night, but was
not at his residence, and up to a late hour
the police had not found him. It is not
known whether Secretary Powers is in
the city. Several witnesses who testified
at the "trial of Harland Whittaker Tues
day swore that the shots at the time of
the Goebel assassination were fired from
the direction of Powers' office, and he
and all of the parties for whom the war
rants were issued to-night have been un
der the strictest surveillance ever since
the assassination. Captain Davis was an
appointee of Governor Bradley and was
continued under Governor Taylor. H«
also kept a boarding-house.
Dominican Kevolution Over.
SANTO DOMINGO. March 9 (via Gal
veston)-—The political movement against
the Government may be considered ended.
General Pepin, • the .former Governor of
Santiago do los. Caballeros, and three of
his followers -are being pursued by the
troop l3 of the Government, and it -is ex
pected will be taken prisoners at
any time. ,
# +>+++ +++++ ? ? ??????.?¦»???#
+. j The I plague ! The • plague ! +
¦f Bead in next . Sunday's Call 4
."?:: all about the genuine" article
* ¦ the ¦ terrible bubonic plague
£ of V India. . Illustrated . with { X
taken by Dr. +
+ Eltzholtz; who spent five years % 4
>'/ in V India among the plague ?
*" ; cases. l This _* article will prove . i
i* one !of ¦ the most , interesting ;
T ever presented upon' the sub- t
T Ject.' ' . t
• ? ? ? M ?????»??????? ?:??>?•
Standard Optical Co.. 217 Kearny »t., leading
opticians. All work guaranteed; prices low. •
Sour Stomach.
Heartburn.
a™** j t
Flatulency,
"BUDYAN CURES."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISTAKE. I^IBbII
It is a well-known fact that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- S rinuiKß^^ TO*S^?^»Mb*^
pound has cured more women than any other remedy. It therefore 6 j^^m^i j£^Jfe§gaKffiß
,_, _ _ _ , , _ . • •• • nAa!c3Scfilai^B^B9 %tv*j\f HflL \SaS^^aCf^a^atSafr^tf*3?rj
tcust be the best possible metncine for female ills. oocoot3g»S8»^-*y 5^
But some women make the mistake of thinking that they will try some- / . igaE^ggp^Rß
thing else simply because it is new. That mistake is often a fatal one — craSstA
fatal to the he&ltb and happiness of tho experimenter. "aUiEul ./""^^y. L^SfzHoft
Is it not foolish to risk the possible results of ofpß&k """ Be&ML^
such experiments 7 Is It not better to depend upon §SgH&s^ isiilli
a medioino v/hloh has been tried successfully for i^^K
thirty years, snd whtoh has never been found S^sslgPsP^l lllgSp
Do not therefore ]et any one persuade you to try something which o <?»
they say is just as good. It cannot be just as good. Mrs! Pinkham's a^ «'^f/l v^o
Compound Is the best, and there can be only one best. This is not a l&L^^r # I *S^
mere assertion, but is a positive fact, admitted by hundreds of regular calgyr^ / \ V^SS^" y>^ J$
Rely on your own common sense, and Mrs. Pinkham's life-long >0 Jfl>"*g
experience, and you will make no mistake. Don't experiment with your health, but take a medicine that you know
is good, and is backed by such letters as these to Mrs. Pinkham :
Suppressed and Painful
Periods Cured by Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
" 1 was thin; sallow and nerrcus. I
bad not had ray menses for over a J
year and a half. Doctored with several
physicians in town and one specialist,
bnt did aot get any better. I finally
decided to try your medicine, and
wrote to you After I had taken
three bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound and three of
Blood Purifier, my menses returned,
and I feel as well and strong as I ever
did, a.nd am gaining 2»sh," — niss
Lena Gatnes, Visalia, Tulare Co., Cai.
"After following the directions
given in your kind letter for the treat-
ment of leucorrhoea, I can say that 1
Lave been entirely cured by the use
of Lydia E. I'inkham's remedies, and
"Srill gladly recommend them to mv
friends,"— Hiss A. B. Davids, Bing-
hamton, N.V.
A Grateful Woman Re-
commends Lydia Em Pink-
ham's Vegetable Com-
pound to Every Wife and
Mother.
" I have taken eight bottles of Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
with most gratifying results. I had
been married four years and had two
children. I was all run down, had fall-
ing of womb with all its distressing
symptoms. I had doctored with a good
physician, butl derived very little good
from his treatment. After taking a
few bottles of your medicine, I was
able to do my work and - "nurse my
seven-months-old babe. I recom*
mended your medicine to every wife I
and mother. Had I time, I could write
much more in its praise. I bid yon i
God's speed in your good ' work.** —
firs. L. A. Horris, Welaka, Putnam
Co., Fla. . f- ..
Nervous Prostration and
Inflammation of the
Bladder Cured by Lydia
Em Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
*' Dear Mrs. PijtkhasT — I have used
your Vegetable Compound for female
weakness and it has done wonders for
me. I also had nervous prostration —
was not able^to look after my house-
work. After taking one bottle I began
to improve, and am now better in every
way and feel like a different person."
— firs. Delia Kelser.flarienviHe, Pa.
"Dear Mrs. Pinkitam —I ' cannot
praise your Vegetable Compound
enouph for the good it has done me.
I suffered from inflammation of the
bladder. I tried doctors, but obtained
no relief. At last I decided to write
to you, and now, thanks to your reme-
dies. I am entirely cured." — firs. K. S.
Grady, 131 Union St., High Bridge,
New York City.
S The Medicine that holds the record for the largest number of Cures Is I
I Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.*]
MARCONI PLAN
FOR REPORTING
STEAMSHIPS
Agents of Trans-Atlantic
Lines Urge Its Ap
,. .. . '
plication.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
NEW YORK. March 9.— Since the an
nouncement in The Call and the Herald
of the successful operation of the Marconi
system of wireless telegraphy between
the North German Lloyd liner Kaiser WII
helm der Grosse and a station on-Borkum
Island, on the north coast of Germany,
the Interests j of local agents of trans-
Atlantic lines and of shipping men in gen
eral has been attracted anew to the ap
plication of a system between Nantucket
and Nantucket South Shoal lightship.
The need of telegraphic communication
between these points fdr reporting steam
ships hours before they are due at their
piers has long been the subject of Inquiry
and discussion. The lightship Is about
thirty-five miles from Nantucket. and the
stretching of a cable between the points
has baffled mechanical and electrical engi
neering skill for years. The difficulties of
communication, it is now generally recog
nized, can be surmounted by wireless tel-
Inward-bound steamships pass within
signaling distance of the lightship, and If
there were communication to Nantucket
news of the sighting of a fast liner could
be flashed to this city from twelve to fif
teen hours before she could reach her
pier.
The first reporting station Is now on
Fire Island, four hours' run to port, and
to be reported at this station liners have
to make a detour from the track of travel
to the north. The advantages of an early
report of incoming steamers are of incal
culable value.
Emll L. Boas, general manager of the
Hamburg-American line here, was ap
pointed at a conference of trans-Atlantic
interests several months ago to urge upon
the Lighthouse Board the establishment
of a station on Nantucket lightship. The
success of the Marconi system at that
time led to the suggestion for its use at
the station in a letter from Mr. Boas to
Rear Admiral Higginson. chairman of the
Lightship Board. In which he cited the
varied advantages of such a system.
In reply Rear Admiral Higginson stated
that he had already taken up the subject,
having recognized its great importance,
and was not only ready but anxious to
put the Nantucket lightship at the dis
position of one competent to conduct the
svstera. Since that time— last June— the
matte- has been In abeyance. One cause
of delay Js said to be the question of the
.validity of the patent rights of wireless
telegraphy., -'
ton Riggs. noted as a football player, had
committed suicide In a lonely camp In the
heart of Mexico.
The news was sent to his father, H. B.
Rlggs a well-known clubman. In a letter
from D. F. Buckingham, who was Rlgg3'
tentmate.
Stanley Riggs went to Mexico as a civil
engineer two years ago with a party com
posed of Tale and Princeton graduates. '
PREPARATIONS TO OPEN
THE PARIS EXPOSITION
Engineers and Directors Insist That
Everything Will Be Beady for
the Inaugural by April 14.
Special Cable to The Call and tha New Tork
Herald. Copyright, 1900, by th» New York
Herald Company.
PARIS, March 9.— Everything .indicates
that the opening of the exposition will
not be long delayed. Engineers and di
rectors Insist that everything will be in
complete preparation on the evening of
April 14 and ready for the entry of the
public by next day. The last vestige of
the portico of the Palace de l'lndustrie
disappeared this week and the magnifi
cent avenue from the Champs Elysees to
the Invalides is being rapidly cleared.
Already it offers a beautiful perspective.
Between the two fine palaces are pylons,
surmounted by gilded statues, from each
end of Alexander bridge to the buildings
on the Esplanade dcs Invalides devoted
to French national industries, and tho
view is closed in the distance by the great
dome over Napoleon's tomb.
The foreign buildings along the Seine
toward the Champ de Mars are in very
different stages of completeness. That of
the United States could ba opened to
morrow. Next to it is that of Turkey,
the least advanced of all.
The Prefect of Police first wanted 1600
additional policemen for the whole year,
but the Municipal Council refused to
grant more than 1200 for the period of the
exhibition. A ftreboat with steam up will
be kept moored along the quay at the end
of the Champ de Mars during the entire
period of tht> exposition ready to go to
any point.
One of the most picturesque parts of the
exposition will be in the Trocadero Gar
dens, where colonial pavilions are erected,
liere will be gathered natives from all
parts of the world— savages from Da
homey, some of Queen Ranavalona's late
subjects, Siamese, Japanese, Chinese,
Ainfos, Tunisians— in fact a bizarre col
lection of aboriginal races.
ABSCONDER GRIMMELL
ARRESTED IN THE EAST
WASHINGTON, March 9.— Chief Wilkle
of the treasury secret service was notified
to-day of the arrest in Philadelphia of
Edward E. Grimmell, formerly a civilian
clerk .in the disbursing office of the
medical department under Major D. H.
Hall in San. Francisco. The charge against
him is that of theft of.' United States
gropertyv and he was held by a United
tates Commissioner for a further hearing
on March 16. ; It is expected that he vwUl
be taken to San Francisco for trial. '
Chief Wilkie states that on the^ 23d of
last, December Grimmell, thena'derk In
the medical disbursing office at San Fran
cisco, decamped - with . a > checkbook con
taining 400 checks. of the regulation en
graved kind -used -by. disbursing .clerks,
directed to the assistant treasurers of the
United States.- He came East and South,
ana during the monthrof January drew
checks , made payable • to him -:to an
amount j approximating $10,000. ' . He | repre
sented himself to be a purchasing agent
for the medical department in some places
and in Texas as a purchasing agent for
mules, and by this means secured, money
through the £anks.' . -•¦ \\ t ~ ¦¦ V
In- many ' cases ¦• Grimmell s presented
checks to • the - banks for - a : much - larger
amount than he secured, and when these
were refused * persuaded the officials Ito
rive him a smaller amount, on the plea
of needing ready money. The prisoner 1b
about 25 years old and halls from Buffalo,
N. V., where he formerly worked - aa a
drus clerk. :
Church Robbed.
STOCKTON. March 3.— Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church was robbed some time
between Sunday night and last night and
the contents of a children's contribution
box. estimated at somewhere between $5
*nd $10, taken.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
Take Paine's Celery Compound in the spring,
when the nerves, brain and physical strength
of the body are exhausted by overwork and
climatic changes. It makes rich blood arid re-
stores nerve energy. Paine's Celery Compound
helps thousands of people every spring. Read
our strong testimonials.
The. Spring Medicine
the order for the execution was given,
but before it could be accomplished the
Spanish lieutenant suddenly appeared
from a gap in the jungle and bade his
men lay down their guns.
"It was only a bluff." Bald the sailor sol
diers yesterday, "but It left some lines In
our memories that never will be effaced."
Insulted and Abused.
From the point of attack the captives
were marched to San Ysidro, then the
capital of Agulnaldo. where they were all
thrown Into the common Jail and sub^
Jected to infamous treatment during nine
days. Aguinaldo was there at the time,
but he was preoccupied with other things
—the war against this country. General
Tinlo, a truculent, brutal native chief,
was made their master. From him noth
ing but insults and indignities could be
obtained.
The next place reached was Vigan, and
one 'month was consumed in the journey
from Ysidro to this village. Along th* line
of march the treatment accorded by the
natives to the Americans was of the va
ried order. Insult would follow hard upon
a welcome, but the cruel Tinio stood over
them all the time.
Abandoned to Fate.
Led out from Vigan in the mountain
fastnesses and in the thickest of
Jungles, the party,' which numbered about
twenty at this time, having been rein
forced by other prisoners, American and
English, gathered together in Vigan, was
abandoned. The captives pleaded for
rifles, for ammunition and for food, but
they were refused in every instance. For
two days they traveled, their clothing
torn from their backs and their frames
racked with poignant hunger. The entire
distance covered was three miles, and the
end of their land Journey was bounded by
a river unknown to the whites. Here,
where despair was the keenest, the be
draggled band of captives was rescued by
Colonel Hare with 140 men and officers
from the Thirty-third and Thirty-fourth
Infantry.
Rescued by Colonel Hale.
When found the party was in the act of
building rafts to use on the river and
were at the point of being molested by
the natives, who withdrew at the sight
of the approaching army.
"I cannot say enough of the rescuing
army," said Lieutenant Gillmore. "Colonel
Hale meant what he said when he gave
utterance to the words. Til follow Gill
more If I follow him to hell.' The men
who saved us were exhausted when we
met them. They were without clothes,
without food and crippled from their ar
duous march. The provisions which gave
out forced us to live on the country." In
all we constructed thirty-five rafts, and
our experience In this water ' chute was
terrific. The river ran ten miles an hour
in some places and the shooting of the
rapids was the most dangerous of all our
trip. .
"Three times my raft was overturned
and once I was rescued from a watery
grave. We lost arms and ammunition In
this Journey, but it was finally over when
we reached Arbaloque. From this place
we went down the coast to Manila,"
And, puffing away at a cigar, with a
restful, satisfied manner, Lieutenant GUl
more confessed, unasked, that his present
condition was more enjoyable and com
fort-giving.
"Why, I lost fifty pounds on that trip,"
was his concluding remark.
He will go to Washington in a few days
to report to the Secretary of the Navy.
WAS RESCUED
WHEN IN THE
LAST STRAITS
Lieutenant Gillmore Arrives
on the Solace and Tells
His Adventures.
SENTENCED TO BE EXECUTED
Story of the Capture, Escape and In
tense Physical Suffering Ex
perienced by the'York
town Officer.
When the Solace, the United States
navy transport, steamed through the
Golden Gate yesterday morning there
was a group of officers standing on
the for'ard deck, craning for a view
of San Francisco on the hills. In the
group was Lieutenant J. C. Gillmore, a
hero of the insurrection in the Philip
pines, the man whose name has appeared
In every newspaper in thli country as the
central figure of a tale of adventure that
is without parallel In the history of the
late war. His is the story of a capture
by fierce natives and an escape that con
tains all the elements of romantic ad-
venture with grim-vlsaged war as its
background.
Lieutenant Gillmore Is a young men, full
of the spirit of the adventurous soldier,
yet he tells his story with a becoming
modesty and reserve, disclaiming all pre
tensions to the heroic. The hairbreadth
escapes by flood and breach, the untold
suffering and mental torture through
which he passed are narrated in a plain,
unvarnished way. His manner is that of
the man of arms making his report. Sit
ting in an easy chair In the wardroom
of the Solace, Lieutenant Gillmore spoke
of his hardships, of a six months' cap
tivity, with death by starvation staring
him in the face, of indignities forced upon
him by a weak but barbaric people, of
the many dangers that beset him and his
final rescue when hope was at the lowest
tide.
Attacked and Captured.
"There were fourteen of us in all that
left the Yorktown on the east coast of
Luzon," be said, "on a reconnoissance up
the Baler river. In the province of Prin
cipe. We manned a cutter and worked
our way up the river far out of reach of
the ship. Without any foreknowledge of
an enemy we were surprised and taken
prisoners after showing all the resistance
possible under the circumstances.."
Of the party of fourteen who were with
Lieutenant Gillmore on the expedition
there are two members who returned on
the Solace. They are Paul Vaudolt, a
mate, and William Walton, chief quar
termaster. Both these men have 6een
service at sea for many years, and are
packed to the eyes with memories of
their seven months* captivity. They also
tell a story of deep Interest and color
Identical in dates and incident.
The attacking party numbered some sev
enty men, fifty on one side of the river
and twenty on the other, under th© com
mand of a lieutenant, wh* was a Spanish
renegade. Whan Lieutenant Gillmore saw
that prolonged resistance would be futile
he surrendered, and under the guard of
the Spanish officer h« and his men, or
what was left of them, were removed to
a tent some little distance from the river.
In the struggle four men were killed and
three severely wounded. Lieutenant Gill
more received a slight wound in the
knee, which gave him little inconvenience
and pain. The Americans were thus re
duced to one-half their original number.
Sentenced to Death.
A day and a half they remained in the
camp of the enemy, waiting with most
'fearful anxiety for the sentence of their
captors. It came at last. Bound hand
and foot, the seven Americans were lined
up on the bank of the river and they were
then told that sentence had been passed
upon them. They were to be shot to
death. Then followed another half-hour
I of strained waiting, at the end of whlca
E. J. PHELPS
SUMMONED TO
FINAL REST
Former Minister to England
Passes Peacefully
Away.
DEATH NOT UNEXPECTED
Was Born of Revolutionary . Stock
and Has Been Prominent in Po
litical and Diplomatic Cir
cles for Many Years.
>
NEW HAVEN, March 9.-Hon. E. J.
Phelps, former Minister to England, died
at his home In this city late this after
noon, after an Illness of two months. The
end was peaceful and for several hours
before he passed away he was uncon
scious. There were present at the bed
side the wife and son, Charles Phelps of
Boston, and the daughter. Mrs. Horatio
Loomia of New York, and his physician.
Though , Professor Phelps recovered
from the attack of phneumonla he was so
weakened that he was unable to regain
vitality. It had been hoped that he might
recover until - a few days ago when It
was apparent that his strength had so
failed that It was but a matter of hours
when death would come. The funeral
services will be held from Battell Chapel,
Sunday at 3 p. m. The remains will be
taken to Burlington, Vt., for Interment.
Edward John Phelps was born of Revo
lutionary stock July 11, 1822, in Middle
bury, Vt. After graduating from-Middle
bury College In 1840 he studied law In the
office of Horatio Seymour, at Utica, N. V..
and then, after a year in the law school
at Yale, was admitted to Vermont bar In
1843. He opened an office In Middlebury,
but removed in 1845 to Burlington, where
he attained a high position in his profes
sion. In 1861 he was appointed Second
Comptroller of the Treasury by President
Flllmore. and filled the office throughout
the term.
He was a member of the Vermont Con
stitutional Convention of 1870, and had a
large share in the direction of its work,
and in 1877 was the president of the com
mittee that planned and carried out the
centennial celebration of the battle of
Bennington. In 1880 he was president of
the American Bar Association. In the
same year he was made the Democratic
FOR BLOOD
AND NERVES
THE S AIS FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 10, 1900.
DEATH LAYS
HIS HAND ON
SOLLY WALTER
Demise of the Well-Known
Artist in Hawaiian
Islands.
FAMED AS AN ILLUSTRATOR
Sad Been a Sufferer From Consump
tion, Which. Ultimately Caused
His Death at Walkiki Inn,
Near Honolulu.
«
HONOLUX.U. March 2^- Solly "Walter
filed on MondaT afternoon of consump
tion, at Walklkl Inn, aged 53 years. Con-
formally to hli own request, the body
•was Incinerated. The Board of Health
for this purpose rave the use of the Gov
ernment crematory and the remains were
reduced to ashes at daybreak Tuesday
morning. The mortuary urn was placed
In the vault of Nuuanu Cemetery at 3:30
o'clock Wednesday afternoon. There will
be a sen-Ice there, conducted by Rev.
Aiexander Mackintosh.
Solly Walter was a citizen of th© world
In the best sense of that term. Born In
Vienna, he- served as a cavalry ofScer In
the war of lies, an attache of the colonel
of his regiment. His family Is one of
prominence In Austria, several members
of it occupying: prominent positions in the
Government, a brother being Government
director of railroads. Solly Waiter had
artlsdc tastes and an artistic tempera
ment. He early devoted himself to a sin
cere study of art in the ateliers and under
the best masters in Paris. He visited
many parts of the world, living for a con
siderable time In Constantinople, all the
while doing much meritorious work with
palette and brush. He came to America
about IS7S. and married in New York In
ISS3. going to San Francisco soon after
ward.
As a teacher of drawing and painting
he attracted much attention. His work
has appeared In nearly every periodical
publication in San Francisco and gave
Mm a wider reputation and made his
name more publicly familar than his
class work, though th© latter was nearer
his heart.
He was a member of the Bohemian
Club and th* Press Club of San Francisco.
and some of his best work, the most con
LIEUT. J. C. GILLMORE, FORMERLY OF THE YORKTOWN
Ih
3
THE LATE SOLLY WALTER.
From a painting by Strong owned
by the Bohemian Club.
Bmore efforts of his pencil and brush, was
dorse In the service of those clubs and Is
preserved among their many and valuable
treasures.
His health began to fall some months
ago, and about six ¦weeks ago, accom
panied by Mrs. Walter, he came to Hono
lulu on the barkentin© Archer In the hope
that 'the sea voyape and the climate here
would ber.e.it his health.NEW THROUGH CARLINE
GHICAQO,
: • VIA
THE RIO 'GRANDE
WESTERN RAILWAY
• AND CONNECTIONS.
LEAVING SAN FRANCISCO DAILT.
8:30' A." M. and 6:30 P. M. ~ \
: Effective February . 25. 1900.
Get Information of Southern Paciflo ticket
agent* or ¦¦ ,¦¦•¦ : .-. ¦¦'.' - ¦ -\.
GENERA!. OFFICE. M ; Montgomery St.-
Nc«d careful laundering, or they won't
look any better than cheap ones. It's so
easy to ruin pood linen in a laundry. We
take the necessary time and pains to re-
turn your washing in. perfect condition
and laundered in the best possible man-
ner.
United States Laundry. OrTlo*
1004 Market Street. .
Telephone. South 420. \, '".•
Oakland Office. 614- «Uo vent* St t
The Pi«<*overer of This Great Rem»dy,
tierves. It di«i*ls all gloom or doubt, removes
all kidney and bladder weakness and puts life
Into the whole body. The discoverer wishes it
known to all who suffer from any form of nerve
trouble, no matter what It. ls. that he will send
free by prepaid mail, a large, full size treat-
irent. enough to laet two tracks, and the benefit
from Just thiß eingle treatment will be the most
wonderful and welcome experience you ever
kr.ew.
!)o nr>t liuM or despair, but s*7id your name
• n.l address at once to M. lie <lole & Co.. 143
Main Bt., Homer. Mich., an<i they will gladly
tfr.<i you fi<»p in a plain wrapper a full two
wfeks' trutment of the meilioln* absolutely
lri-e. Do nr,t . under any rirrum!'tan< "r miss
this renulno and philanthropic offer. Write to-
day without full.
Now when they pay free they mean free and
yr,u won't be aeked to pay for It after awhile,
nor do they as-k for references, testimonials or
er.j- par whatever in any manner or form.
They want every nervous suffering man or
woman U) try this remarkable rure. knowing
that when you experiejioe It* great merit you
m-ill be moro likely to Imy another two weeks'
treatment for N rents than you would If the
trf offer was tangled up with deposits, relr-r-
en<~e» or some other scheme. A two weeks'
tr'ntment after the first frep package costs
only 50 cer.ts tnd at this price it Is the great-
est advancement yet n»r> in bringing the cost
of valuable tnrc!lrine within the rearh of all.
Send Name and Address" To-day— You Can
Have It Free and Be Strong and ; .
Vigorous for Life. r
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
SCHOONER VOLANTE nails April Ist for
NOME and YORK.' The captain has had long
experience in Bering Sea and promises to land
as early a 9 ice will permit. Chance to pros-
¦pect islands on the way If desirable. For
freight or passage apply on board. CAPT. M.
WHITE.. Bulkhead, between Mission and
Howard sts.
DORSEY IS SUSPENDED.
Jockey at New Orleans Punished for
a Queer Bide.
NEW ORLEANS. March 9.-Round O
and Prince Reel were the only winning
favorites to-day. The track was heavy
and lumpy. Dorsey waa suspended for
his ride on Protus in the first race. Mc-
Joynt was fined $50 and suspended for a
week for his ride on .Walkenshaw in the
last race. Results: '
Mile, selling— Georgre B. Cox won. Old Fox
tecond, Goosellver third. Time, 1:46%.
Six furlongs — Round O won, Wllkerson seo
ond. Fair American third. Time, 1:20.
Mile and a -sixteenth, selling— Bright Night
won. Jimp second. Blltheful third. Time, 1:56.
Six furlongs, handicap— Tom Collins won,
MaKgie Davis Becond, Gold d"Or third. Time,
1:17 H.
Six and a half furlongs— Caviar won, Lo
mond second, Avatar third. Time, 1:25%.
Seven rurlon&s— Prince Reel won. Walken
ehaw second, Indian third. Time, 1:32%.
Maher Wins on a Foul.
TOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, March 9.— Peter
Maher was given the decision over "Stock-
Ings"- Cdnroy of Troy, N. T.,.0n a foul In
the fifth round of what was scheduled as
a twentyi-round contest to-night. Maher
had the better of the lighting throughout.
After a flinch in the fifth Conroy hit
Maher in the groin. Maher fell into his
chair and Appeared to be suffering great
aoony. The referee gave the decision to
Maher at once. .¦.."; :
Eight-Club League.
NEW YORK, March 9.— The National
League magnates wound up 'their three
days' session to-night/ The report of the
circuit committee, which calls for. an
elKht-club league, was formally adopted.
TheTplaying schedule for the coming sea
son was not made public to-night, but it
is said that the schedule will call for 140
games, each club, playing twenty with
each of its opponents. The season will
open on April 19. .
TERRY McGOVERN, THE FEATHER-WEIGHT WONDER.
Rumor had it that Peace was not partial
to the pome, which was getting to be firm
anrt holding:, causing the smart ones to
bet on Good Hope. Caesar Young" s mare
had Henry in the saddle, and after Peace
and Bamboulla bad led to the stretch took
the .l<?ad, and there was nothing to It.
L'arda finished second.
Track Notes.
The rich $2000 Palace Hotel handicap will
he the feature of the sport to-day. The
field, with two or three exceptions, com
prises most of the horses started in the
srreat Burns handicap. The track will be
muddy and holding and it will be a sur
vival of the fittest.
On account of his unruly antics, the en
try of San Tomas will in future be refused
at Oakland.
Eddie Ross and Milt Henry are both
ridinp in excellent form just at present,
each piloting two winners yesterday.
To-Day's Entries.
First race — Seven furlongs: four-year-olds and
upward: Felling.
869 Bonlbel Ifs! 908 Roadrunner 113
3«4 .Solano 110! 575 Greyhurst 110
&ti2 t'lprlano 110^ 874 Pynla 105
S>n> Uncle True 110; SK7 Hannah Reid 105
M 7 Sylvan Laas 105: g9; Wild. Het ICB
fcBl Gold Baron 107: (S93)t»urward 110
Second race— Four furlongs; two- year-olds;
purw>.
<£.64)Sofala lIS S?2 Laura Marie 110
<€J.*.)An<lrattUß 110 ... Saketo 10S
(f*MMamie Hildreth.llo (S99)lntrada 110
i*4 El Karn 105 894 Loyal S 105
Third race— One mile; three-year-old* and up
ward: purse.
<&66)Flamora 9«K&S4>Horton 110
SCI Andrlssa 96 (SSO)Malay 112
Fourth race — One mile and one-elßhth; three
year-olds and upward; Palace Hotel handicap;
juirf=e 12000.
877 Formero *..106 ( $77 Pat Morrtssey...lC2
BJ9 Havid Tenny 107 K77 Roflnante 10S
H7 SStorm King 107 (SKjTopmast 10S
£77 Rosormonde 114 577 Acrobat 102
S7B Princess Zetka.. £8 891 Imperious 106
547 Bendoran 124 909 Uarda 107
840 Advance Guard. ll2
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; free handicap.
<SC6)Dr. Nembula litjfSSOVesuvlan 10fl
«M*)Ooo<! Hope 97 ... Duraniro SS
l*s:>)Ren Ledl 114 M>s Cormorant ..114
**7 Pat Murphy 71 903 Miss Marlon 102
SB3 Silver Tone l(*l
Sixth race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward: falling. . '
tV> Jock»y Bill 110] «75 Tewanda 110
SOS Captive 113 *<3 Peireus 110
S0« De Blaise 111, 5*06 Torslna 10S
... Chappie 110 90S Chas. L* Bel 110
... Truxillo 113; 881 Orion 113
KSLena lWt
Selections for To-Day.
Firrt rac — BonlNO, Clprlano, Durward.
£>cr>nd race— Sofala, Intrada, Andrattus.
Third race— AndrlFsa, Horton. Malay.
Fourth race— Rendoran, Formero, Acrobat.
Fifth race — Dr. Nembula, Good Hope, Silver
Tone.
Sixth race— Truxillo, Perseus, De Blaise.
OSCAR GARDNER
PUT TO SLEEP
BY McGOVERN
? -
But Three Rounds Needed
I in Which to Do the
NEW YORK, March 9.— Terry McGov
ern of Brooklyn knocked out Oscar Gardv
ncr, the "Omaha Kid," in the third round
of what was to have been a twenty-five
round bout before the Broadway Athletic
Club to-night. McGoveni was a favorite
in the betting at long odds. Johnny White
was referee. Gardner did some good work
in the first round, succeeding in knocking
McGovern down with a left swing on the.
Jaw. McGovern rushed matters from the
opening of the second round until the end
of the fight. His attack was cyclonic, and
with a well-directed left he put Gardner
to the floor. Gardner's defense proved to
be of no use against the torrent of ftetlc
abuse that McGovern rained upon hkn.
Three times Gardner went down and each
time he almost took the "count." In the
third round McGovern rushed like a bull
dog at his adversary and threw a left
hook to the Jaw, which staggered the
Western man toward the ropes. Then
Terry sent a right to the face, which sent
Gardner staggering in the opposite direc
tion, and seeing that Oscar waa unable to
defend himself the little champion stepped
in and landed a left swinging hook on the
mark, which put Gardner down'and out.
McGovern was a 3 to 1 favorite early li.
the evening. The Gardner people held
back for bigger odds and then took even
money that the Kid would last ten rounds.
"Al" Smith bet $1000 against $300 that
McGovern Xvould win. A well known Wall
street broker bet $200 against $2000 that
Gardner would last the limit of twenty
five rounds.
When the preliminary bout was put on
there was not a vacant seat in the house
and the aisles were crowded.
The contestants in the opening bout
were Dannie Dougherty of Philadelphia
and Al Levy of this city. They met at
105 pounds for a twelve-round go. At the
end of the twelfth round Referee Johnny
White declared Dougherty the winner.
BAXLSOAD TRAVEL*
In Operation Dally, 825 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
SEE
6ENDINB
WRAPPER
clean knockdown In the second round. The
judges disagreed and Referee Kitchen or
dered; an extra round. Millet scored a
right and "left awing on the head, which
sent Wegener down and out. ¦ ¦' ; •»¦>
.Carroll of : the Olympic .Club showed to
good advantage In his bout with Mulligan.
He hammered him about the ring until
the tender-hearted spectators raised the
cry "Stop'lt!" Mulligan's seconds threw
up the sponge. . .
, Fincke, who made so brilliant a show-
Ing on -Thursday night, fought Al Doyle
to a standstill.. He lacked the dash and
epeed of the previous night, but was suf
ficiently, good to win. ;¦•..-•-*.
The programme was somewhat of a
patchwork affair, piecing out the various
classes to the end that only two com
petitors would be left in each for the
finals to-night. ,
•The programme for -.to-night, with the
exception of some special bouts, follows;
¦ Boxlngr, A 115 pounds— Daniel Danzirer, Olym
pic Club,' meets Frank McConnell. Olympic
Club. . . -. ;- ¦ . ¦
. 125 pounds— W. J. Leonard, Olympic Club,
me«t» J. L. Schole* Jr., Toronto Athletic Club. 1
185 pounds— Georee \ Eager, Olympic Club,
mseU James B. Brltt, Olymplo Club.
_158 pounds— Joseph Millet, unattached, meets
W. J. Rodenbach, N. "W. S. A. C. •
Heavyweights — Charles Galllvan. Olympic
Club, meets J. A. Munro. Olympic Club.
. Wreßtllnjr, 126 pounds— J. F. Renzland, St.
George Athletic. Club, meets August Kurzman,
St. George Athletic Club.
135 pounds— Max Wiley. Rochester, meets C.
E. Wilson. Olympic Club.
145 'pounds— J. H. Splro, Olympic Club, meets
Max Wiley (133). Rochester Athletic Club.
16» pounds— Max Wiley (135). Rochester Ath
letic Club, meets Fred Bayly, Olymplo dub.
EASTERN WRESTLERS AGAIN PROVE
TOO CLEVER FOR THE CALIFORNIANS
FOUR CHOICES
TOOK PURSES
AT OAKLAND
Eonic, Played for a Killing,
Finished Second to
Speedy Irate.
— • —
I>r. Nembula Enjoyed a Frolic — San
Tomas Bolted Again — Obsidian
Was Ready — Good Hope
Won Galloping.
«
W bile the wily division tried to slip two
or thno very warm ones over the plate
at Oakland yesifrday, those adhering
elrictly to form carried off the coin, as
four favorites finished in front. Quite the
hottest thing of the afternoon was Eonic.
the entry of Ab Stc-mler in the two-year
old scramble. The filly's odds reached 20
to 1 Jn the betting and then fell to £, from
a swell ' play that was irresistible. Un
fortunately, Irate, a. filly by Brioso and 8
to 1 iv th<» rir.g. refused to be headed and,
displaying plenty of gameness. beat Eonic
cm a length. Carilee, the favorite, -was
third.
After experiencing many adverses, the
luok of Willie Sink seems to have changed
for the better, lie thought 4 to 5 a good
jirict» afruinsl lsaline in the opening e\"ent,
and obtained T to 5. The filly led from the
Ktart, winning easily from For Freedom,
tin outsider. Ivy Powell, on Bandera, the
second choice, ran fourth.
It looked dollars to a big red apple that
Dr. Nembula could dispose of the field
<.ppose,». to him in the live furlong dash.
As roo.l as even money could be had
about him. and after being nearly put
over the fence he won with Jones taking
the sprinter l>ack. Torslna lasted just
l'>ng tnoutrh to get the place from Clar
an<3o.
Although thrown in with a very cheap
bunch, it Feemed like tempting fate to
accept 1 to 2 apainst San Tomas winning
the seven furlong polling race. Still the
cranky performer had a host of friends,
and he rewarded tbr-ir faith In his prowess
by bolting and ran unplaced. Choteau.
•with Iloss up. then cantered in an easy
wirner over Jolly Briton.
Trainer lien Tiaimons had Obsidian
ready, and the brown horse made short
xvnrk of his fit-id in the fifth number at a
mile. A 4 to 5 chnnce, he cut out the
running, learlinc <"ni>rlve r>ast the wire
FREE TO ALL
A Full Size 50-Cent Package of Be
Gole's Nervotone— Cures Every
Form of Nerve Trouble Whether
From Overwork, Worry. Im-
pure Blood or Deranged
Kidneys and Bladder.
Send Name and Address For a Full
Treatment Absolutely Free by
Mall It Is Such a Marvelous
Restorative That Thousands
of Ken and Women Prema-
turely Old Have Been
Quickiy Made Strong
and Vigorous.
A rrand ar.d timely medicine has been dls-
Crtvred tSstt hfts a marvelous effect upon tli«-
r\< ryes. It nirm rh^unnatlsm, weak baik, pain
over the kirtrp;,s. n»uralfrla. s]<^plPsfness, hot
ar.d roli flushes, dizziness. h<»art palpitation.
Mliouhnefs. liv<>r onrnplaint. • nervous debility,
pimples. Itch, and all disorders of the blood and
Tira^— U. :25; H, :60H: %. 1:17. Oood start. Won easily, second and third driving. Winner, i
Caesar Tounir's cb. m.; by Colonel. Ciark-GratUude.-. Winner was best. Peace- found the -
colre too Bttn. True Blue prefers a fast track. Bamboulta ¦ stopped. ;-«» -¦ ..;¦••- ;..
MOUNT, TAMALPfIIS '¦¦ SCENIC RAILWAY
• Leave Ban > Fraaclsco via " Sausallto • Ferry.
.Week:Day5..............9:30 a. m.;and 1:45 p. m.
5unday5:.. :...... 8:00, 10:00 a. m.. and 1:45 p. m.
¦ ¦¦ Steam-heated, closed car. on all trains.
i - Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return,
L. ;; W. KNAPP. Mb.
:How any man may quickly cure himself
after years of suffering from sexual weak-
ness, lost" vitality, nightly losses, varico-
cele, etc.; and enlarge small weak organs
to full size and-vlgor. Simply send your
name and address to Dr.' L. W. Knapp.
1373 Hull Bldg.. Detroit, Mich., and he will
gladly, send the free I receipt I with full I di-
rections so that any man may easily cure
himself at home. This is certainly a most
generous offer, and the following extracts
taken from his daily mall show what men
think of his generosity: .« ' ' ¦'¦¦' '¦'¦
- "Dear " Sir: ; Please * accept ¦my sincere
thanks for yours of -recent date. -- 1 have
given your treatment' a- thorough test and
ih« hsneflt • has been extraordinary. It
has completely braced me up. I am Just
as vigorous as when a boy and you can'
not realize how happy I am." .
"Dear ¦ Sir: Your method • worked beau-
tifully. Results were exactly what I need-
ed. Strength and - vigor have completely
returned and enlargement . is entirely sat-
isfactory.".- .. ?-.>»-, . ..-¦ -i*,,:-.'. =•*•¦¦ , :•"..-¦.¦
-."Dear Sir: Tours 'was received and I
had no trouble. in, making use of the- re-
ceipt :as directed' and , ccarn r truthfully say
it, is a : boon to weak . men. I am greatly
Improved in i size, strength and .vigor." ,
M All | correspondence lis - strictly confiden-
tial,' mailed in plain sealed envelope. The
receipt . Is ; free ? for - the asking, - and ', he
wants every man to have it.
.¦-••-¦¦ • i . • - ..¦¦¦'.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sonsalito FerTy.
1 CommwiclnK October 1. 1539.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAJLJLH*
< ."- • AND SAN RAFAEL. T"a*
'WEEK DAYS-» 7:00. *9:30. U:00 a. m.' n-<&.
•2:49. 8:15. «:00, «:S0 ». m. ? • .'. '— •
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Ssa Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and • Saturdays
at »:00 and 11:30 o. m. - .. . - fir y '
BX;NDAYS-»8:O). *10:0 O. ni:M a. m.- n-li.
»:15/ *4:45. •:30. t 9:o* p. m.. . ... ,;~ .^7'^
Trains marked (•) run to San Quenttn. *' *¦
FROM SAN RAFAEL TOYSAN FRaN'CI3COI
WEEK DAYB-6:25. H:35. 7:45. «9T40 iu-nT"i
•IJ:S>. 2:15. »5:15 p. m. m -»
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aad
Saturdays at C:4O and 1»;1S p. m. u "~* y " **«
. SUNDAYS—* :20. -•» :00. "10 $0. »U :45 •_ m. i
n:4O. »l:15. 4:45. »«:30 d. m. . •• -m,|
• Trains marked (•) start trom San Qnentln
JTRQM MILL VALLKT TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYSV-5:45. «:45. TiU^ SMJ mT^!'
12:55, J:35. 1:43. 6:9) p. m. .¦> m -«
'-EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at T:CO and 10:20 a. m nCTWay " aa «
SUNDAY&-8:05. 10:06 a. m.; 12:»5. 1:13.' S-aa.
1:00. »:v» p. m. ¦ •' . . -.
< THROUGH TRAINS.
l^i *• m " wee iL? ajr *~ Ca * ad<!>TO * n< » w ay«tattenaL
t:4Op. m. Satnrtays-Tomales and waTsSSoSt
l;Q0 a. m. Swadiurs^ronisJet *p4 v« StiSgSit
JM»7. FOURTH HACE3— Seven furlonjrs; Bellinic; three-year-olds; purse, J4OO.
U(HI. THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $359.
To.CHIGAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
COXNECTTNG TRAIN LEAVES SAN Fr ANCISCO:
6 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving: in Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves Saa Francisco at 5:30
FXPDFS& P- m - with Pa^ce and Toarist
n a h v carB for Kansas City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and Ease
Local trains between Stockton, VAI I FY
Fresno. Hanford, Visalla, Tnlare bnln
and Bakersfleld. '. . • UAO
SEC YOU f IN J> San Francisco office. 6a
'FRISCO SOON • • MarkM Street, Phone Main'
I KIO^U 9UUr*l 1531 . Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 301 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
Time S-16 :IS'4; 7-16. :44. Good start. Won nrst three driving. Winner, J. Naglee Burk's
eh 1 by Brloso-Vivacp. lrat<» won on Rameness. Merlda will do. Sublime ran ' poorly.
Too Hot rwiled oft early. Scratched— Madrina 108.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
BAILROAD TBAVELt
IM>4. FIRST . RACE— Six furlong*; pelllne; three-year-old fillies: r>ur»><\ |S5O.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1500. by 11. H. Hubert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Friday. March 9, 1900.— Weather fine. Track heavy.
On Tuesday next Spencer and Jenkins
will leave for Bartlett Springs, whence,
after resting for a couple of weeks, they
will journey East.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
Specialists for Men
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
' Pay when well. Advice and ttrlvate book
free, office, or mail. Horaa cures. Estab-
lished 19 years. No Injurious medicine used.
Dr. Meyers & Co.
731 Market St.. S. F. 1';
COAST DIVISION" (nroailUaa^e).
(Third mid Townaeml Stg.)
W. & P. BUILDING PAPER.
Wind, water and vermin proof,
roofing. 113 New Montgomery st.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
n«aBii mscisco— r«t *r uuui su-cst (sa> 8) —
. *7:13 9:00 11.00v.u. tI:C3 *2:53 t3:S9
•4:CO |S:CO »C:C3r.a.
fr»m OilUHB— r««l »f Braadwiy.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
t!2:M % I:C3 t2:C3 *3:C3 Ji:C3 '3:03 r.».
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVTLLE A CO.. manufacturers, bags. t«nt«,
covers. 31 and 23 California st.
•*>tBANewark,OfnterTlllc..SaaJose.Felton,
BonMrrCrrek.RautaCrusand Way
Stations »3i3«»
tS»lOr NowirV CeotoTTlUe, San .Tose, New
Almaden. Fslton. H.ulJer Creek.
' SanU Cniz and l*rindpal Way
SUtlons |I«:»Oa
*4il3r Newark. San Jose. Los Gatos. I>:2oa.
MlrfSf Hunters' Excursion. Ban Jose and
Way Sta:kms f7i»*r
PUMPS AND GASOLINE ENOINES.
All kinds of Pumps and Gasoline Engines.
TVOODIN & LITTLE. 312 Market St., 8. B\
COAST IHTIsION <s«rrnit (Uage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
PILE-DRIVINO ENOINES.
'Worthlngton Steam Pumps & . Water Maters.
Mundy Hoisting & Pile Driving: Engines. Ta-
tum & Bowen.
ADVEBTISEMENTa
SCfTCKBH FAVIVtC f«HFiST.
(PACIFIC UtTCBM.)
Traiai !••?« nn<l >«r* «!«»• *• i»rrl»» ••
¦ «A.l FIUNI'IMIW.
(Main line. Foot of Market Street)
LSAva — Voou giancuiT 33. 1903. — *n»rr»
*7t««A Benlcia, fiuisun. Elmlia, Vncarffle,
BuaiseyandMacrauisnto.j........ *7>«3*
*I:««iShMta Expiess-DaTis, WUlowa, ¦•
Red Hull, Portland •7t43»
•Tta«AMartU>ez,Siar.»mon,VaHeja.Napa,
• - Callitrra aail Santa Roe» »«il3f
•«i»«ATh«OTerUndUaiitea— Oeden,Den-
Ter, Omaha, Chicag0.............. •3t13»
•»,*•* s»,, Jose. Lttermore, Btockton.
Iod« SaCTammto. rUeertUle,
HarysTillo. Chleo. Ue.miulT I*'?'
•Biß*a "Milton, Oakilalr.fcocora. CarteTS... ** x \»*
••:«•* naywarils. Jiiknand Way Sutlon».«ll»43A.
••iOU* DaTis, Woodland. Kni(hts Landing.
MarjsTille, OrotUlc. yjr" !?fj? r
•MOt Arlaati! llxpreas— Ogden and East •»***
•*iO«a Martinez. Tracy. Latlirop. Stockton.
Meroiaml Fresno... M*sisf
•»io»» PortCoeta, Krc.no, Jtojaxo au.t Ix>s
Amtel'i • • "««*F
• I O»«O k Vallejo. Martinez an<l Way Stations ••«-*3*
•11««Oa NUes. LWerniore, Stockton. Hacra-
incnto MeiuloU, Ilauford, V ualU,
rcrierrUlo T 4 '!,'
•I a.OOM IlaywrJ*. Niles and Way SUUons. * Bl <2*
fliOOr Sacramento l!l?er Steamers I? .?'
•a.OOr H»jw»rO», Niles anil Way Stations. »3«-«a*
•4iU«r Martinez. 8a» lUmon. Vallejo,
.Kapa, Uallnlofa. SaJsta Ros* •»•¦»*
•*t—r B«alcia. Vacaillle, Hacraioenlo.
. Wootlland. KnljhU Landing.
MarysTillo, Oro»lllo •¦•:43 a
, itffT f>n<a. San. loeooml Stockton •»•!»»
*9t*9r Tho Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno, _
ISaktxsneld. Banjos for Santa Ear-
. ban. Los Angeles. „. # l«t45A
•3r*Op Bcuset Limited— El Pisa, if ew Or-
leans md Eut l!J*J2*
•OilSp EtocktOD. Jiricc >l, Fresno M3il3r
•S4BOI- Pxaano, Uak«rsii«l<l, Hanta Rarliara,
Lo» Angeles. Deming. El Paso,
New Orleaus and East ••«« *
«OiS«r Hantn Vm lloiite— Atla..tlo Express
for Mi.jiif-. ami Kast **i43p
•OtO+e Harwsrtls, Nlles and San Jcs« •7»4»A
t«:2»r Vallejo *•»«•>»
•«iB»rorienUl Mail— OgJen. Ctejeune.
Omaha, Chicago ••>43a
««¦— 1 Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denrer.
Omaha, Chtcxo. •4xl»»
tTi—r Talleio. Fork Costa and Way Sta-
tions J»»O3»
••sVOr Oregon and CaUTcrala Czpress.Hao-
ruiiMniUv MarjsTille. Tttnlilluf.
PnrtUiMl. Pngf> Hihiixl mM V.Mt »««iaA,
"PRUsI 'I'iiJJL) ON.RED: F-AJFErE^."
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
THE RESULTS.
Wrestling — J. P. E«na
land(lls),St. George Athietic
Club, defeated J. A. McKen
zle (125), Olympic Club.
August Kurzman (125), St
George Athletic ; Club, defeat
ed William Nelson (105), St.
George Athletic Club.
Max /Wiley (135), Roches
ter Athletic Club, defeated O.
W. Davis (145), Olympic Club .
Dan Mahoney, Olympic
Club, 'defeated William Noe
thig, Olympic Club (special
match).
Boxing — H. '..,.W.'" Fincke,
Olympic Club, f. defeated Al
Doyle, Olympic Club. .
Joseph Millet, unattached,
defeated P. C. Wegener, Olym
pic Club. ¦•'- -. - t '
D. Carroll, Olympic 'Club,
defeated James Mulligan, un
attached. • .
1..1111 XX
¦ » ROM the performances of the East
| i em wrestlers in'the- Olympic Club
M tournament last night It is but faint
I praise to say they are in a class by
'•*- themselves. It was a liberal .educa-
tlon in the art and pastime of wrest-"
ling to watch their movements on . the
mat. They may have no greater teper
toire of holds than the Callfornlans, but
they go to work quickly and keep contin
ually going during each bout. Max Wiley
of. Rochester played another star engage
ment last night. He was drawn against
O. W. Davis, and weighed 135 pounds to
his opponent s 145. The bout lasted Just
thirty seconds, during which time both
men were aggressive. Davis fairly threw
himself. He tried a head spin to get out
of danger, and Instead spun on his shoul
ders and lost.
In the 125-pound class August Kurzman,
St. George Athletic Club, 125 pounds, met
William Nelson, 105 pounds, of the same
club.' Nelson was the aggressor, his op
ponent apparently not trying to win from
him decisively. The bout was an inter
esting one, as the sinewy wrestlers
showed In quick succession a great vari
ety of holda. Kurzman scored one fall
between the ropes, which, under the rules,
could not be allowed. After being in ac
tion «ix minutes Referee Eugene Van
Court ordered an additional bout of three
minutes on the ground that although Nel
son had been the aggressor, Kurzman
had been three times in jeopardy but had
saved himself. Kurzman was the aggres
sor this time, and his superior weight
and strength -were apparent. He scored
quickly a flying fall with a | high back
hold. :
• Joseph F. Renzland, the last of the quar
tet of Eastern stars, won handily from J.
A. -McKenzle, Olympic Club. There was
a lot of. tugging and hauling before the
athletes went to the mat, but once there
the practiced Easterner soon ended -the
trouble with .a half-Nelson and crotch
hold. ; V . '
The special match " between William
Hoethlg and' Da- Mahoney -was slow
after the previous .brilliant work. They
hod strength ' but no science, and when
they secured a hold did not appeaf to
know to what use It Fhould be put. Ma
honey won two straight falls.
Of. the three boxing bouts the sponge
was thrown up In two and the third re
sulted In a knockout. Wegener and Miilet
fought to determine which should have
the honor of being well thrashed to-night
by Rodenbach, the Eastern wonder, In the
middle-weight class. Millet is the .Indian.
This may be Rodenbach's last appearance
as an amateur, as he has many tempting
offers from the East to enter the profes
sional arena. . .
Wepener. and Millet do not show to ad
vantage In the ring. "Wepener has a sleepy
way about him, -while Millet, though will-
Ing, 1b not clever. Wegener surprised the
spectators and his opponent by scoring a
Are Eligible for the AllTlmportant; Finals To-Night in
Their Several Championship Classes.
Most Snocessftil Amateur Tournament Ever Held in the West Will
Be Brought to a Successful Close— Leonard Will "Meet - ; .
Champion Soholes.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of v^-^^*^
SEE
fiENUINE
WRAPPER
THE SAW FKAJSCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 10, 1900.
' . SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS: /
i/DfifU Sand Centrifugal Pumps, Drake
IXIXVIUn Amalgamators, in operation dai-
, ly. 9 Stevenson »t.. San FrancUco
AMALGAMATORS.
HAND or power machine that saves (old. - On
exhibition 129 First «t. S. F.
' > BEACH . GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by Gravitation. 2fo quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
CENTRIFUGAL AMALGAMATORS.
SAVES fine cold. 'In dally operation at 254
Beale st., San Francisco.
L;,^ GASOLINE . E>OINES,
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is fllllnß
many orders for Nome. 141-143 First st.. S. F.
- "GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Savins Machine. 229 Fol-
som street. -Oriental Gas Enirine Company.
OILS.
LUBRICATING Oil. Crude Oil and Gasoline,
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK. 23 Spear St.. S. F.
PLATES FOR SAVING OOLD. - J "
Schaezleln & BurrMge, 3 Hardle place, oil
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and Ist sts., Oakland, or Builders" Ex., S. F.
Among other novel features
to be presented in next Sun
day's Call will appear some
unique photographs taken of
historical subjects on board
the McCulloch, Dewey's dis
patch boat in the war with
Spain. There is a unique story
connected with these pictures
which will interest you. ;
D7EDOI*a PUMPS.
Oil. Gasoline. Steam Hoists. Centrlfural Pumps,
En^lnes&Bollers. HendyMach.WTts.,4o Fremont
MARSH STEAM PUMPS .
Supply fresh or talt water for stale* boxes;
high or low lifts. Slmonds. 33 Market st. .
1 ENOI.NES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER A HAMILTON. Enplnes and BoUen:
lowest prices on the coast. Pine & Davis sts.
t4il*AOeeau Vle«r.'Boiitb H»n FrancUco.. _- f«»S«r
•7t««* Bait Jnro ami Way Stations (Nev
• .• AlintUeit Wedn«siUy* only )......_ *liS«»
**TS)«« Ban Joae. Ties I'iuos. Halite Cnu.
Pacilio Cmie. Timo Rubles. San
Ijiiln Oi.imxi, Surf, Lompoo and
rrinel(Uil \V»y Stations.. *l:I»r
•1 9t4« * Ban Jnsa KUtl Way KUtlon* *at 33*
•IliM* San J»s» ami Way Stations *3t3or
fa>-!sr San Matro, ICedwood, Menlo raik,
I*alo Alto. Hanta Clara, San .lose.
Tres Pino*. Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monrerry aixl raefHa GroT* flfti^fl*.
t«»»«r »»n Jose and Way Stations •7:S(ip
MtlSr San Jose an.l Principal Way Stations "J: 13 *
t3:OOrSanJoseaod Principal Way Stations ?O:OOi
*3i3Or San Jcso anil Prloeipal Way Stations '8:33 a
•6::iop Sau Jose and Way Stations t«:OO*
611t45r San JosaanJ Way UUtioos # ~:aOp
A for Morutug. I* far A f ternoou.
* Dally. t wun.lar exeepted. I Sunday only.
6 Saturday only.
a Tuesdays and Friday" c Thuredays and Sunday*.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
UM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIRD
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlfeuron F«rry. Foot of MarK*t St. -
-BAK FRANCISCO TO SAN RATAE2*
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. »:<», U:0O a. m.: 13:35.
3:30, 6:10, «:S0 p. m. Thnrsdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-* :0O. »:30. U:O0 a. m.; 1:30, USt.
6:00, f:2O p. m. * •
BAN RAFAEL. TO BXX FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DATS— «:IO. 7:50, »:2», 11:10 a. m.: 13:45.
3:40. 1:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:33 p. m.
BITNDATS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, ZM. S:OSL
6:25 v. m "
Between San Francisco and Schuetaen Park
same schedule as above. ». ¦;,
rime— *i :2oU; l i. :50H: %. 1:17 H. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Win
ner, \V. il. Sink Jr.'s b. f.. by imp. Cleverien-Rebecca,. Winner always held her company
safe. For. Freedom" out gamed Bandera. j Too much use made of Morel ia In stretch.
90S. SECOND RACE— Three and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-old fillies; purse, $400.
Leavo Arrtv«
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
1— October 15. .
W«ek Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination, day*. D*y».
7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato. 19:40 am 8:40 am
S:*>pm 9:30 ami Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm! Santa Rosa. 7:53 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton.
T:SO am Wlndaor, 10:35 aza
Healddburg.
Lytton.
- G-yserville.
• 1:30 pm 8:00 am CToverdale. 7:35 pm S:!3 pm .
7:80 ami IHopland and I ~ j ""
I g.-OO amj UklaJtt. | 7:3S pm| 6:52 pn>
7:30 am . 10:25 am
8:00 am GuerneTllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm . . . 8:23 pra
7:3') am 8:00 am Sonoma S:l3 ami 8:40 am
and {
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm| 6:22 pn»
7:3o ami B :Co amj Sebastopol. 110: Mam 110: 25 aia
3:30 pm| S:oOpm| | 7:35 pm[ «:2J pn»
Time— '.4, :12%: *i. :37',4; *4, 1:03. Good start. Won easing up, second and third drivlnr.
Winner, IV Cameron &. Co.'s b. h.,by Portland-Clam. Winner pounds the best; he was
cut off soon after start and then spread ended his field. Torsi na was stopping noticeably,
lie rtialse will have another chance. Scratched— Mainstay 113. . ..
Bta.ges connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Went
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Bka?g*
Springs r at Cloverdale for the Oeysers; at Hop.
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprtncn
Kelseyrllle^ CarUbai Springs, Soda Bay Luke-
port and Bartlett Pprtnrs: at Vklah for Vichy
Pprlnjrs, Saratoga Springs. Bhv Lakes.^Laur*!
DeM" Lake. Witter Springs. Upper I»kp, porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Llerley'a
Bucknell's. Sannedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*i
Hot Springs. Men<loclno City, Fort Brajrg
Westport. Vml\. - WHUtts, Laytonrflle. Cura-
mlng'a. .Bell's Springs, Harris. ,OWn"*. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka." ¦
Saturday, to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round- trio 'tickets to all. points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. . . .
Ticket Offices. 65« Market St.. ''Chronicle bld«
H. C. "WHITING, R. X. RYAN*.
General Manager. Gen. Paas. Agent.
Tim**— H, :13*4; 94. :3SS«; ?i. H*! "i. 1:33. Fair utart except San Toraas. Won easily, second
and third driving. Winner, E. HubbrU's'h. c, by Montana-Mascot. San Tomas bolted at
start, ruining his chances. It was easythen for Choteau. •>. ¦ - ! , ..¦-.¦¦
DOB. FIFTH RACE — On* mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, J409.
Tlm»— U, :K: H. :61»i: ' fc, 1:18: mile. 1:46. Good start. . Won. easily. B econd ; easily/ third
driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse a br. h.. by Imp. Ptromboll-Clara XI. Obsidian looked
ready and ran like a rood one.' Other* ran to form. Scratched— Dr. Marks 111, Durward 11L
Oreyhurst 111, Muitculado 111. _'.!_'..'_ _jj -..'*¦. ' * l * i->."
IMK». BIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: falling; ; three-year-olds and upward; puree.. s4oo.
V«ry wan ajui a* easy
toUkeajragui,
I/AM I LI\U FOR DIZZINESS.
SB IJTLE FOR BIUOUSNESS.
H IVER TORPID LIVER.
HPI LLS Folt CONSTIPATION.
Hj FOR SALLOW SKIN.
— IFOR THE COMPLEXION
2»c3iti I PorelT- Veget*We.^<w«M-^»*<i
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1
nd**_ ' Howie. Weight. |St. ,
;gB6) Ualloe 107 1
W'l For Freedom 107 3
«C Morelia 107 8
Ji.r.4 Handera 107 2
."><» Flush of Gold 107 7
**) Fllle fTOr W 4
MS Bcna ..: 107 6
sso Pidalla 107 5
ri
('
>
I
I
I
I
X IV.
4 2
3 V,
2 h
5 1
8
6%
7J
»4m.
1 2
3 1-
2 1
4 1
5 2
7 a
6 1
8
Etr.
1 H
3 H
«• 1
4 2
6 1
C '4
7 10
8
I Bettinr.
Fin, I Jockeya. Op. Cl.
1 1 e~r0mT.......i 4-^ -n
2 h Jenkins 8 IS
3 2 Bullman 5 7
4 2 I. Powell 3 13-5
5 H Henry ......... 8 15
6 5 Morse .' 80 ' 100
715 Buchanan'.... 30 60
• 8 noz»man -. %¦¦ 15
Index. Horse. Weight. |St.
*«S Irate "TIOS 1
BSS Knnie 112 2
&S2 '"arilee 10? 5 ¦
... Herida 108 3
534 Screen well Lake 10* 4
534 Loneliness 110 6
*?« Fublime 10K 9
?SR Toe. Hot 10S 10
C3B Tlollta 109 S
74S Catherine Bravo 10S 7
fcgs Undergrowth 10S U
Hm.
1 1
2 2
61
4 4
7 H
8 1
9
6 H
10
11
Ktr.
Fin.
1 1
2 6
2 2
4 2
6 2
6 1
7 2
8 1
9
10
11
| Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
Henry * g
Plssott g 5
Jenkins 2' 2
HuUman 5 11-2
E. Rosx 6' S
Ruiz 10 50
Buchanan .... 5-2 6
I.' P0we11...... 25 50
Hennessey .... 20 30
Morse 20 100
Bozema-n ...... 20 50
I? d ?£_ H!l"L e-i_e -i_ AtaitWeU^. I St.
*T7 Dr. Nembula. 4 109 4
MS Torsina. a I<W 5
f* Clarando. 4 :..105 2
SS7 I> Blaliie. 4 109 7 •
«04 I'ncl* True, 5 110 S
gf.6 Jim Brownell, 5. ...110 9
f«3 Isab*l!e. a 109 1
... Reina de Cuba, 4....101 6
147 Jessie O, a 10S 10
670 Phellac. S ...103 3
... Flacon. 5 113 Lfft
Km.
Hu^
If
4 V 4'
5 h
I
2 1
3 1
0
Fell
%m.
2 2"
12
3 2
4 V,
% 15
52
9
Str.
F*ln. | Jockey. |Op. Cl.
1 6 K. Jones 7-10 4^5
2'j Jenkins 5 g
3 1 E. Rose 3 3
4 6 Henry 6 9
5M- Bftzeman 30 100
6 h Ruiz 30 60
7 1 Hennessey .... 20 100
820 Carter 8 30
9 Brodlen ....... 60 75
':...!¦,. Morse 40. 100
I. Towell 60 60
nrtex. Horse. Weight. |St.
809 Choteau IlO" 4
901 Jolly Briton 104 2
g*S Burdock 10* 5
isns Pan Tomas 11« 8
fOQ Summer 112 3
MI William F 109 1
{.«$ Antler ...110 6
S7l Mildred Hughes 107 7
% m^
3 2
« % '
S
2 4
11.
7 10
5 1
Km.
1 h
4 - .
¦"82
8
3 1
2 2
, 7 3
5 »4
1 5
2 2
4 4
5 1
6 4
3 <4
"7 2
8
Str.
.1 2
2 3
3 *4
4 3
6 4
6 2,
7 5
8' '
Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
. 1 5 E. , Ross. 8 18-5
2 2 Henry 20 40
3 4 I. Powell 8 io
4 10, Plftgott ....... 1-2. 1-2
62. Hennessey .... 10 89
,61 Bozeman .**.... 40 IiJO
7 5 Rula ,40 100
5 • Jenkins ......: 20 40
™!! e i_ Hors>. Agg. Weight. |St.
G47 ObMdian, 4..........110 6
f35 Captive, a :.....1H 3 .
«!>7 Charles L.c Bel, 5.. .111 8
207 VoUfh. 6 114 2
704 Hcxdrunner, a 114 5
Sr.7 &lnt!llatr. 5 -....109 1
S!>7 Duke of York 11. 6. .111 '-7
«7fi Adam Andrfw, 6...114 '4 -
«m.
3 1
4 4-
8
m
5 h
2 h.
•:7 1 .
•:« 2 -
#
1 3
-3 3
5 .".
2 1
6 2
4 1.
*
7 1
%m. Str. Fin. : | Jockeys. |Op. v ci.
15 14 14 Bullman ...... 1 4.5
2 3 2 4 . . 210 . Rulx..\..i. t .j.. t % * 9-5
4 5 4 « 3 1 Flpßcitt 4 8
314 3«4 4W K. J0ne5.....;. 8. 30
6 4 :5 3, 54- Macklln ....... 20 40
¦ ¦» 1 63 64 E. R055........ 5.24 . 200
¦7 1 71- 7 11. P0we11:....: FB' -15
¦ s - 8 • s_ v. wo<Hiß. i .....r'20 roo
40
Index. Horse. Age. W>iirht.|St.
891 Go6d~Hop<», 4....V... 98| 4, ,
CT I.'anla/S ...107 6
<S9S) Peace. 4. /..:.,-..;. i.. 103 3
*>73 True Blue. 6...^.. 1 ..1(W 5
(837) Grand Sachem,' 5... J0S 1
S»S .BamboulU. 3 92 2
Km.
Mm; %m.
4 2 -4 3-
6 5 H
1 H ¦ 1 3:'
-.3 h ;3 1
B H 616 1
t2: i !h-
Str. Fin. I Jockeys. |Op., Cl.
1 H 18 ' Henry.....' | 7-S 2
14 2,, 25 ' E.-Rosa ...6 10
.22 33-T, Wa1dh...... •fr.s-'"-S-2
.6 1- 4 4 Jenkins ....... 3 16-5
-6- ; bi r e. • J0ne8.r..:.: r i 2", -40
Hi 8 • J." Martin...... :¦ 5 8
Index. Horse. Age. W>iirht.|St.
891 Go6d~Hop<», 4....V... 98| 4, ,
CT I.'anla/S ...107 6
<S9S) Peace. 4. /..:.,-..;. i.. 103 3
*>73 True Blue. 6...^.. 1 ..1(W 5
(837) Grand Sachem,' 5... J0S 1
S»S .BamboulU. 3 92 2
Km.
Mm; %m.
4 2 -4 3-
6 5 H
1 H ¦ 1 3:'
-.3 h ;3 1
B H 616 1
t2: i !h-
Str. Fin. I Jockeys. |Op., Cl.
1 H 18 ' Henry.....' | 7-S 2
14 2,, 25 ' E.-Rosa ...6 10
.22 33-T, Wa1dh...... •fr.s-'"-S-2
.6 1- 4 4 Jenkins ....... 3 16-5
-6- ; bi r e. • J0ne8.r..:.: r i 2", -40
Hi 8 • J." Martin...... :¦ 5 8
I? d ?£_ H!l"L e-i_e -i_ AtaitWeU^. I St.
*T7 Dr. Nembula. 4 109 4
MS Torsina. a I<W 5
f* Clarando. 4 :..105 2
SS7 I> Blaliie. 4 109 7 •
«04 I'ncl* True, 5 110 S
gf.6 Jim Brownell, 5. ...110 9
f«3 Isab*l!e. a 109 1
... Reina de Cuba, 4....101 6
147 Jessie O, a 10S 10
670 Phellac. S ...103 3
... Flacon. 5 113 Lfft
Km.
Hu^
If
4 V 4'
5 h
I
2 1
3 1
0
Fell
%m.
2 2"
12
3 2
4 V,
% 15
52
9
Str.
F*ln. | Jockey. |Op. Cl.
1 6 K. Jones 7-10 4^5
2'j Jenkins 5 g
3 1 E. Rose 3 3
4 6 Henry 6 9
5M- Bftzeman 30 100
6 h Ruiz 30 60
7 1 Hennessey .... 20 100
820 Carter 8 30
9 Brodlen ....... 60 75
':...!¦,. Morse 40. 100
I. Towell 60 60
1
nd**_ ' Howie. Weight. |St. ,
;gB6) Ualloe 107 1
W'l For Freedom 107 3
«C Morelia 107 8
Ji.r.4 Handera 107 2
."><» Flush of Gold 107 7
**) Fllle fTOr W 4
MS Bcna ..: 107 6
sso Pidalla 107 5
ri
('
>
I
I
I
I
X IV.
4 2
3 V,
2 h
5 1
8
6%
7J
»4m.
1 2
3 1-
2 1
4 1
5 2
7 a
6 1
8
Etr.
1 H
3 H
«• 1
4 2
6 1
C '4
7 10
8
I Bettinr.
Fin, I Jockeya. Op. Cl.
1 1 e~r0mT.......i 4-^ -n
2 h Jenkins 8 IS
3 2 Bullman 5 7
4 2 I. Powell 3 13-5
5 H Henry ......... 8 15
6 5 Morse .' 80 ' 100
715 Buchanan'.... 30 60
• 8 noz»man -. %¦¦ 15
Index. Horse. Weight. |St.
*«S Irate "TIOS 1
BSS Knnie 112 2
&S2 '"arilee 10? 5 ¦
... Herida 108 3
534 Screen well Lake 10* 4
534 Loneliness 110 6
*?« Fublime 10K 9
?SR Toe. Hot 10S 10
C3B Tlollta 109 S
74S Catherine Bravo 10S 7
fcgs Undergrowth 10S U
Hm.
1 1
2 2
61
4 4
7 H
8 1
9
6 H
10
11
Ktr.
Fin.
1 1
2 6
2 2
4 2
6 2
6 1
7 2
8 1
9
10
11
| Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
Henry * g
Plssott g 5
Jenkins 2' 2
HuUman 5 11-2
E. Rosx 6' S
Ruiz 10 50
Buchanan .... 5-2 6
I.' P0we11...... 25 50
Hennessey .... 20 30
Morse 20 100
Bozema-n ...... 20 50
nrtex. Horse. Weight. |St.
809 Choteau IlO" 4
901 Jolly Briton 104 2
g*S Burdock 10* 5
isns Pan Tomas 11« 8
fOQ Summer 112 3
MI William F 109 1
{.«$ Antler ...110 6
S7l Mildred Hughes 107 7
% m^
3 2
« % '
S
2 4
11.
7 10
5 1
Km.
1 h
4 - .
¦"82
8
3 1
2 2
, 7 3
5 »4
1 5
2 2
4 4
5 1
6 4
3 <4
"7 2
8
Str.
.1 2
2 3
3 *4
4 3
6 4
6 2,
7 5
8' '
Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
. 1 5 E. , Ross. 8 18-5
2 2 Henry 20 40
3 4 I. Powell 8 io
4 10, Plftgott ....... 1-2. 1-2
62. Hennessey .... 10 89
,61 Bozeman .**.... 40 IiJO
7 5 Rula ,40 100
5 • Jenkins ......: 20 40
™!! e i_ Hors>. Agg. Weight. |St.
G47 ObMdian, 4..........110 6
f35 Captive, a :.....1H 3 .
«!>7 Charles L.c Bel, 5.. .111 8
207 VoUfh. 6 114 2
704 Hcxdrunner, a 114 5
Sr.7 &lnt!llatr. 5 -....109 1
S!>7 Duke of York 11. 6. .111 '-7
«7fi Adam Andrfw, 6...114 '4 -
«m.
3 1
4 4-
8
m
5 h
2 h.
•:7 1 .
•:« 2 -
#
1 3
-3 3
5 .".
2 1
6 2
4 1.
*
7 1
%m. Str. Fin. : | Jockeys. |Op. v ci.
15 14 14 Bullman ...... 1 4.5
2 3 2 4 . . 210 . Rulx..\..i. t .j.. t % * 9-5
4 5 4 « 3 1 Flpßcitt 4 8
314 3«4 4W K. J0ne5.....;. 8. 30
6 4 :5 3, 54- Macklln ....... 20 40
¦ ¦» 1 63 64 E. R055........ 5.24 . 200
¦7 1 71- 7 11. P0we11:....: FB' -15
¦ s - 8 • s_ v. wo<Hiß. i .....r'20 roo
40SWIMMERS AT SUTRO'S.
The swimmers entered for the contests
at Sutro Baths to-morrow areas follows:
Fifty-yard dash,*, < juveniles— W. Hanson, C.
TRAPSHOOTERS ACTIVE.
The California Wing Shooting Club
opened the season for trap shooting. last
Sunday under auspicious circumstances at
Ingleside. The pastime will be kept up
without intermission for the ensuing six
months. The San Francisco Gun Club
men will smash bluerocks to-morrow at
Ingleside. while the Olympic Gun Club
men will shoot at live birds.
The Empire Club will hold its first
shoot to-morrow for the California State
championship trophy, which is to go to
the champion bluerock shooter of the
State This must be competed for on the
club grounds. Alameda Point, on the sec
ond Sunday of each month from March 11
to September 9. The cup is nine inches
high -and »«von inches in diameter. The
shooting will commence at h a. m. each
shooting day with a series of special
The programme of Olympic Gun Club as
outlined provides for a lot of shooting at
both live birds and clay disks, the former
on the second Sunday of the month and
the latter on the. fourth Sunday. In th«
first five matches at live birds the mem
bers will shoot at twelve each, and in the
final at twenty-five. There will be three
classes — champion, A and B. The prize in
the champion class is a diamond medal
and in the other gold medals. The sec
ond prizes will be appropriate jewelry.
The same prize conditions obtain In the
bluerock shooting. There will be five con
tests at twenty-five birds and the final one
at fifty. In this there are four classes.
The bluerock men will be classified ac
cording to their standing In the first five
shoots. The live bird shooters are classi
fied arbitrarily by disinterested parties.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INGLESIDE TO
RESOUND WITH
BAY OF HOUNDS
The meet of the San Matco County Hunt
to-day will be at Ingleside racetrack. At
12:30 p. m. the members of the hunt will
partake 1 of luncheon at the clubhouse at
Ingleside with the , master, Francis J.
Carolan. At 2:30 the hounds will be Inid
on, and the : run will be a long one, Iho
finish beintf at Uncle Tom's Cabin. As
there seems 7 every chance -of •' a •beautiful
day many persons will probably take this
opportunity of witnessing the throw-ol».
the sight of a pack of hounds and a num
ber of riders in scarlet coats and velvet
caps' being entirely novel to many people
on tho Pacific Coast.
On Wednesday, the 11th Inst.; the meet
will be at El Cerrito (the little, hill), ban
Mateo, at 4 p. m. Next Saturday, tha lith
Inst.. the members of the hunt are iuViteil
to take luncheon with- J. Downer Harvey
at Wellesley Park, Redwood, at 1 o c:ock.
RICH STAKES
TO TEMPT THE
COURSING MEN
Will Send Their Best Grey
hounds to Run for Valu
able Prizes.
The directorates of both Union Coursing
Park and Ingleside Park, taking advan
tage of the number of great dogs In train
ing, are arranging special stakes in which
thvy may be brought tOKether. One week
from to-morrow Union Park v/ 111 have one
of these champion stakes In addition to
a big reserve stake for dogs which have
not wen tirst or. second. The champion
stake will be limited to about sixteen
does. The winner will receive $200 and run
ner-up $100, while the winner of one course
will receive $20. This is expected to, at
tract Luxor, Royal Flush and other grey
hounds of that class.
The attraction at Ingleside will be a
special eight-dog stake. The competitors
vv lll 'be connemara, Kocker, Flora Mc-
Donald, Chicago Boy, Young America,
Hawker, Lily of . the West and Beacon.
On April 1 a champion stake limited to
j sixteen dogs is expected to attract tht
best greyhounds in training. The winner
will receive $150, runner-up *100 and others
in proportion. A number of these stakes
will be run.
Both parks have open stakes with big
entries for this week. There are eighty
eight dogs in the running at*-Unlon Park,
including: Wait a Bit, Forest Queen,
Plough Boy. Mose, Hot Haste, Hoyul
Union. Cash. Lucretia Borgia, Crawford
Lad, Vanity Fair, Royal Flush. Olita. For
get. For Glory, Lavender, Rocker, Maud
S, Whitehead. Thornhill, Master Clalr.
Forest King, Warship, Brutus, Ireland,
Palo Alto, Vulcan and Lady Clare.
There will be only one train to the park
to-day, that at 11 o'clock. The Ban Matei.
electric cars run through to the park
every llfteen minutes.
An eighty-dog stake, with many well
known performers among the entries, is
the offering at Ingleside Park.
Bartels Brothers, the Denver ' coursing
firm, will start two dogs new to this coast
to-day at Union Park. They are named
Best Brand and Best Bargain, and ar
rived here yesterday In the care of G. W.
Heintz of Cottonwood Falls, Kans..
J. H. Rosseter's For Freedom is recover
ing rapidly from the injury to his foot and
is being exercised steadily. It is possible
he will be seen in competition later 'on.
His full brother. Fetter Free, will hardly
be in condition for some months. He is
being built up in flesh to the end that he
will better stand the hard work of train-
Ing later on. . .
iMr. Rosseter is infportlng the great
greyhound Real Lassie, which Is in whelp
to Ravenglass, one of the most noted sires
in England. He is by Restorer,- out of
Real Lace. In a letter to J. H. Halton,
Mr. Roaseter writes of the dog Warbur
ton having been purchased by a grey
hound fancier of St. Louis. The dog is by
Eplcharmus-Elalne, and is one of the most
fashionably bred in England. He is of the
Fame blood lines as Laurel- Leaves and
Laurel Crown, both of which have done
well on. the coursing field.
R. E. de B. Lopez a greyhound Minneola
sustained a fracture of: the leg while !¦
training some days since. She w.il rfuoi'ui,
but this probably marks her retirement
from the iield. .
Mr. Lopez's Wattlebloom whelped a lit
ter of twelve puppies to N. P. Whiting's
Rochester recently. At the Lopez - ken
nels in Pleasanton there are .nearly 150
greyhounds of all ages. There are a num
ber of promising saplings by Crawford
Lad, Rochester and other noted sires, all
ready -to be placed In training.
Frank.X. Foley. who has, served Ingle
side Park efficiently as secretary for some
time, has been succeeded by George Lee.
Daisy. Hill, owned by- M.-C.i Delano of
Rocklln, has whelped - plx , puppies ?<at
Pasha kennels, to For Freedom. Daisy
Hill is the damof T. J. Cronln's Vandal.
Vixen and Thorndale, all promising
youngsters. , ¦ . . r
1 Frank Schou has purchased a thlrteen
months-old puppy by St. Lawrence-Queen
Anne, In a trial last. Monday the young- :
ster. showed lack of experience, , but he
appears to have the speed that is seen
in all the St. Lawrence stock. He will
be known as Smuggler, v ¦_
The Ingleside management has an
nounced that it will not receive the entry
of any dog handled by Henry, Brarens. No
definite ; reasons, are .given,, and i Brarens
declares that no valid cause exists. At
present he is training for London, and
through the latter has asked that he be
[ given an opportunity to . . refute the
charges, if any, against him.
The Injury sustained by ; the imported
dog Overture, shortly after his arrival,
is still proving stubborn of. cure. " It is
not by any means ; certain ? that - the - 1 a-
717 Market st. Sale of shoes .sroinK on.«
FAMOUS HARNESS HORSES IN TRAINING AT PLEASANTON TRACK.
From snapshot photographs taken expressly for The Call.
DYER on Pleasar.tDn trair.'.ns track, nestling n^ior? the Alaineda County foothills, a number of quiet, patent men are jogging some noted
•pacers ana trotters where names and recorJp are househo!d words wherever the harness horse Is known. Some months hfnee these drivers
and their horsrs will start on the grand circuit, nrhere $19,000 stake racrs may be won week after week. Tens of thousands of spectators
will sve hors-es in superb condition go their twe-in-thrc-e. cr three-in-rtve mile heats about the two-minute mark. They will give little heed
o the car^ honei receive fcr months before they sr» submitted to the .supreme test of competition, nor will they think of the anxiety of the
raisers for the great horses in th^ir charge. Pleasaston is the Mecca toward which all American trainers look during the off season. It has '
been for years the wintering place of Thomas K. Keating, one of the most noted relnsmen in the world. Among the others at the track are Ed
ward Lafferty. Charles Durfee. Millard Saunders. William Murray. James Thompson Bert Webster and John Blue. Mr. Keating has thirteen
hordes in his string headrd by Anaconda, 2:o3>i; Direct. 2:05*4 (now retired), and Klatawah. 2:0o^. all the property of James Butler, the mmion
ilre sroctr of New York and I Direct the proper* v of Charles Kapp of this city. Anaconda looks in grand condition already. I Direct is the
horse 5 most closely wStched by the frequVnters ot the track. After a month's Jogging he showed a half-mile in 1:04^ handily If his improvement
continues he will be campaigned on the grand circuit. W. A. Shippers Little Thorn, 2:09U, is also moving nicely. H. H. Dunlop has his bis
1 horse King Cadenza at the track developing his speed. - '
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
Tha most wonderful aphrodlsUo and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both •»*•»- .
The Mexican Remedy for Disease* of the Kid-
ney* and Bladder. 'Sells on Its own merits.
¦¦¦¦ NABKR, AtFS 4 BRUSE. A|«U.
tU Market street, B. F.-H3«ad for Circular). .
POLO AT BURLINGAME.
A brilliant polo match is expected on
Burlingame Club ' field to-morrow after
noon. The rival teams 'will be made up:
"Reds"— J. 8.-: i Tobinl W. =S. , Hobart, - J.
Francis '¦- Carolan ¦ and Charles Dunphy.
"Blues"— Richard M. Tobin, JohnLawson,
Peter D. Martin and Thomas Driscoll. The
match will take place at 3 p. m.; and will
consist iof four i 12%-minute » periods. > ; Sil
ver ..cups ;" will "be awarded the winning
team. F. Buckley .Johnson will umpire.
BBsMi^SSSSsf sfleSßsfl B«^ ¦¦*. .^sW SsH SsH .SBBBBsfeaBBBBBBSBBB bB SBbI
BHbBSbSbW Hi H^BBBBBBBBBst ' SbH Hi tSsV ¦¦ I
" PI LLS
For all Bilious and Nervous Disorders; Slek
Headache} Constipation, Weak Stomach,
Impaired Digestion, Disordered Liver, and
impure Biood*
Baeehun'B Pills bare the largest sale of my Proprietary Medicine in the world. This has bean
achiered without the publication of testimonial*. 10 cents and 35 cents, at all drng stores.
I 9
| With Mouthpiece $
S 1O o©2xts for 1O §
S Konopol Tobacco Works j|
Trees and shrubs are being planted
along the Suez canal to keep the sand
from drifting.
RIFLE TOURNAMENT PLANS
The annual spring rifle shooting.tourna
ment of the California Schuctzen Club
has been set for ApririS, at Schuetzen
Park range, near San Rafael. A liberal
programme has been # prepared, $275 in
cash prizes and over $1000 In merchandize
being offered. In the cash , prize conest
the shooting will be on the twenty-flve
ring target. There will be forty prizes,
ranging from JAO to $1. .On the honorary
targets there will be three-shot tickets;
also re-entry. In addition t~ »0 will be
given .for the first and last bullseyes in
the forenoon and afternoon: . $5 for the
best five tickets on the; ring target and
$5 for the best five tickets on the honorary
target A. L. Ott has offered a silver
goblet to the marksman making the best
.rtve tickets on both targets. AH of the
prominent riflemen around the bay. will
be in attendance, and marksmen from the
San Jose and Sacramento clubs are ex
pected.
The annual • election ¦of officers lof the
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club was „ hold
on Tuesday evening, and the | following
were selected: President, William Garms
(third term); vice president. John D.
Heise; secretary, '- Fred Grovermann;
treasurer, George- Heise; • shooting mas
ters John de Witt and Ernst F. Bar
ruth* classification ' committee — John" de
Witt E. F.- Barruth, H.Homan, F. Rush
and H. Huber:'- finance committee— L.
Meyer, t>. Siebe and F. J. Rathjen.
.' The programme committee, dc 'rifl . v tn
continue tne regular class and bullseyo
competitions.: In 'addition to tne -regular
events the following prizes. will- be : com
peted'for during; tire -year.", on > the three
inch - bullseye. the best three bullseyes to
count. ' Entrance 25 cents for five : shots,
first bullseye to count for ticket, re-entry,
open to- members of the club only. -The
'prizes will be a gold medal and case, $23,
$20 $15, three of $10 and two of $5.
AROUNDTHE BOATHOUSES
The directors of the Pacific Association
of the Amateur Athletic Union will hold
their March meeting next Friday, and the
regatta committee will meet at an early
day and discuss the prospects of the com
ing season. President J. li. Bockman is
strongly in favor of adopting Oakland
Creek for regattas, as the water is smooth
and the facilities for reaching the course
are good.
There is plenty of activity at the Ala
meda Boat Club house on Sundays. The
junior barge crew is going out for prac
tice each week and is expected to do well
In the first open regatta of l»)0. There are
also three junior outrigged skiff men— J.
Timmons, E. Hainan and C. Hague— who
will give a good account of themselves.
The Dolphin Boating Club's Junior barge
crew for the season Is composed of T.
Dixon, E. Kragness, H. A. Swedlund and
II O'Hea, while the senior four are Alex
\Y Pape, George Baker, W. O. Patch and
Dr F. R. Axton or E. Kragness. Pape
thinks he has gained a high enough repu
tation as a sculler in thfe outrigged skiff
and will row in the shell this year.
George Baker is practicing in the skiff
and will try hard to become the champion.
As Dr. C. C. Dennis is reported to intend
to enter few competitions this year and
Pape is going to take up shell rowing the
way seems clear for Baker.
The South End Rowing Club has not
devoted much attention >to rowing mat
ters this year, but its senior barge crew
will get to work soon and will endeavor
to defeat the redoubtable Alameda "Spid
ers " The crew Is made up of Tom Lynch
(bow). Gus Carson (No. 2), T. Lynch (No.
3) and George Bates (stroke). r
The junior barge crew of the Ariel Row-
Ing Club has been regularly organized and
a second Junior four will be made up. The
intermediate barge crew has also been
going out for practice. On McKenna's
return to the city the senior barge crew
will be got together. B. Brown. J. Smith
and M. Morris of Australia were recently
elected members. t
At the regular. monthly meeting of the
Triton Swimming and Boating -Club it
was decided to move the clubhouse from
its present situation to the foot of Larkln
street where there Is ready access to deep
water. Some of the Tritons would like to
see a race between George Baker of the
Dolphins and Stanley Adderley, who won
the junior outrigged skiff championship
last year at the regatta at El Campo.
NHAS NO COMPETITOR.
One Patent Medicine Which Has tha
Field to Itself.
A prominent physician was recently
asked why it was there are so many,
"blood purifiers," "nerve tonics" and
medicines for every ill except one of tha
most common and annoying diseases, viz.,
piles.
He replied there are two principal rea-
sons: First, physicians and people in gen-
eral have thought for years that the only
permanent cure, for piles was a surgical
operation, and that medicinal preparations
were simply pollatlves and not a cure for
the trouble.
Another reason is that plies, unllka
many other diseases, is in no sense an im-
aginary trouble. A sufferer from piles la
very much aware of the fact and for this
reason the few pile salves and ointments,
etc.. have been short lived because the pa-
tient very soon discovered their worthless-
ness.'
He continues: However, there is a new-
pile remedy which, judging from its pop-
ularity and extent of its sale, will soon
take the place of all other treatment for
piles. It has certainly made thousands
of cures In this obstinate disease, and its
merit, repeatedly tested, h*as made it fa-
mous among physicians and wherever in-
troduced. The remedy is sold by drug-
gists everywhere under the name of Pyra-
mid Pile Cure.
It Is in convenient, suppository form,
composed of harmless astringents and
beating oils, gives immediate relief in all
forms of piles and a radical cure without
resort to the knife and without pain or
interference with dally occupation.
One strong recommendation for the rem-
edy is that it contains no cocaine nor
opium and is absolutely safe to use at any
time.
One of the suppositories is applied at
night, is absorbed and the euro is natural
and painless.
It permanently cures itching, bleeding
or protruding 1 piles and is the only remedy
except a dangerous surgical operation
that will do so.
All druggists sell a complete treatment
of the suppositories for 50. cents, and tha
Pyramid Drug Co. «f Marshall. Mich., will
mall free to any address a little book or*
cause and cure of plies, which may be of
assistance in chronic cases.
It is supposed that the average depth
of sand in the deserts of Africa is from
thirty to forty feet.
GOLF CRACKS
TO BATTLE FOR
CHAMPIONSHIP
Women Will Complete Home
and-Home Match at Oak
. . land Links.
If the weather and the condition of .;n»
polf links at Adams Point permit, the stc
ond half of the ladies' home-and-h'irtje
t^am match will be played this morning
at Oakland. The San Francisco Golf CUb
will be represented by Miss Alice Coldcn
Hoffman (captain ». Miss Maud MuHm;.=.
Mis? Mary Scott, Miss Caro Crockett. Miss
Sarah Drum. Miss Maud O'Connor. Mrs.
R. G. Brown and Miss Edith Mcßean. The
Oakland ci^ht will be Miss Alice Moffitt
(captain). Mrs. H. H. Sherwood, Mrs. Lo
Grand Cannon Tihbetts. Mrs. W. P. John
son. Miss Palmer. Miss Lucy Moffitt, Mr«.
P. K. Bowles ar.d Mr?. Fpcd Ma^oe. On
their own links the Sa.n Francisco golfers
won by a larg«- margin, but on the Adams
Point courp" the Oakland eight, will nri>V>
jibly considerably reduce the lead of ;.h<?
city players. The match was to have l>e«n
f.nif-hed last Saturday, hut the heavy rain
PCevmed. In front of the eishth hole lr.st
week there was a pool of water two or
three feet deep and from fifty to a hun
dred yards in length.
The" championship of the Oakland an!
Fan Francisco polf clubs, which Is op^n to
the rr.emlK-rs of any coif club on the Pa
cific Coast, will also be played to-day on
the Adams Point course, but it- sterns
likely that there will be a small number
of contestants. The opportunities for
playing the qualifying rounds have beta
much curtailed by the rainy weathfr. and
the second competition follows rather too
closely upon the first, r.hioh was hr!d on
the Presidio links in December of lc.-t
year. The first contest was won by John
i>awßon, San Francisco Golf Club and the
Burlingame Country Club. E. Conde Jonoa
of the Los Angeles Country Club hf-ing
beaten in the final round 4 up and 3 to
clay The final round was pla"y<*d j n a
rain storm and over a sodden course. Sim
ilar conditions bid fair to prevail to-day.
It Is improbable that any golfers will er.
ter the contest from Portland, Tacoma,
British Columbia or Southern California,
though circulars of Invitation have b»en
rent out to all the golf clubs on the Pa
coflc Coast. Play will begin at 1:30 this
afternoon, and will continue during next
wt-ek on days named by the committee, with
retrard to the convenience of the competi
tors All matches must be finished not
later than next Saturday. The earlier
rounds will be over eighteen holes, match
play, but the eemi-flnal and final rounds
Will be over thirty-six holes. Entries
closed on Thursday, the Bth Inst.
In the opening round of the contest for
the men's amateur championship of
Southern California the eight contestants
wore matched a? follows: E. D. Silent \s.
E. H. Tufts. Hugh May vs. C. K. Maud. <-'.
E Orr vs. J. 11. Nit oil and J. F. Sar.ori
vs. J. A. Brown. Tufts beat Silent 2 up 1
to play. C E. Maud defeated Hugh May
by one stroke. C. C Orr l.eat J. H. Nicoll
3 up 2 to play and J. A. Brown won 4 up
3to play from J. F. Sartori. In the semi
final? C. E. Maud beat E. B. Tufts 1 up
3 to play and C E. Orr defeated thf> vol
eran J. A. Brown 2 up 1 to play. This lett
C. E. Maud of Riverside and C. E. Orr of
Pasadena in the final round. C. E. Orr
played a steady game and defeated C. lv«.
Maud 6 up 4 to play. Orr is the me n 3
amateur champion of Southern California
for. 1500. In the final round he was only
three down against bogey, and he mid»
the fourth hole in three, though the bo^'-v
for it is four. By stroke? his score tor
the nine holes was 42. against bogey s p.
Th<? competition brought together all the
foremost golfers of Southern California
except Walter Cosby, who is regarded as
one of the strongest and steadiest players
in the State, and H. T..Haye of Riverside,
whose business compelled him to return
home on the first day.
mous performer will rver sufficiently re
cover to go to slips again.
S. E. Portal was in the game again last
Wednesday for the first time In many
weeks. His candidates were Sophie,
Louise, Gallagher and the veteran Laurel
wood. None of the quartet was able to
negotiate a flag. Their class was good
enough a'few years ago, but the coursing
world has moved up a few notches.
G. W. Hcintz of Cottonwood Falls, Kan
sas, has several new dogs In the running
at Union Park to-day. Mr. Heintz is the
official keeper of the American Grey
hound Stud Book, and his visit to the
coast a year ago is still well remembered.
At that time he brought to the coast Van
Doric, Hot Chase, High Dice. Her High
ness. Handy Boy, High Hand, Hard
Line?, Handsome Fortune, Domino, Mad
eline Pollard and The Earl, 'all of which
he sold here.
T. J. Cronin has Thornhill back in the
game again at Union Park to-day. It is
the white fiver's first appearance since
he was practically masticated by-the Kel
logg dogs.
The slight strain of the shoulder suf
fered by Royal Flush in last Sunday's
deciding course has entirely disappeared.
COMPETITION
FOR PATH AND
FIELD HONORS
University Athletic Team Will
Be Chosen Shortly at a
Public Meet.
BERKELEY, March 9.— Again has the
freshman-sophomore field day been post-
poned-because of the rain. As four field
days will have to be run off in three Sat
urdays, there will be some doubling. On
Saturday, the 17th inst., the freshman
sophomore and Affiliated Colleges will
come together for the championship.
Those days will be gala days for ath
letes, as baseball games will be played on
tne same afternoon. For two weeks the
successful men in the triple meet will
have an opportunity to get in condition
for the university champlcfnshlp. On
March 24 the cinder path will be turned
over to the Academic League. With the
exception of an .ODen 220-yard dash, the
events will be entirely for high schools
and preparatory academies. March 31, if
the-weather is propitious, ought to have
a prominent place in the annals of ath
letics at the State University.
Then the most likely candidates for the
team which is to go East will come to
gether. Already the records of a half
dozen men give them first call on the
team. There are new men and men who,
although they have never run here, have
reputations for other colleges, who may
surprise even the most conservative.
Events like the 220 and 440 yard dashes,
with Drum and Cadogan and maybe a
dark horse or two, will be worth going
miles to see. The distance runs promise
to.bring out the keenest rivalry, "as the
men are about on a par in their records.
¦ Manager.Decoto, upon whom the burden
of the trip East rests,, has sent East for
two vaulting poles and for a new patent
ed hammer. These Eastern apparatuses
are said to be vastly superior to tho3e
used here. As the men are to be given
every nsslstance and advantage possible,
new materials are being sought continu
ally. . , . ¦ ¦
Fora week the baseball team has
not been together on account of the
slushy diamond. . As the batting and field
ing of-the team "was good, the rest may
prove of great benefit to the men. The
batting record of this year's team Is, far
ahead of that of last year. .
Saturday the big team will; play the
Santa Clara College team on the campus
at 3:30 o'clock. The line-up will.be as fol
lows:
Santa Clara. Position. California.
Graham......... Catcher ..Smith
Kelley. Pt teher Kaarsburg
. Turner. .'. First . base Hamlln
Farry ' Second base Fuller
Conner Third base...... Braley
Leake Shortstop Hunter
McKee. . Center field .McKeown
Klnnigan Left field Wolf
Casey.. Right field.....' Thein
TRAINING AT STANFORD.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 9.—
Stanford's corps .of : athletes ' have 'been
confined mostly to indoor work during the
past week. The track men were placed in
the gymnasium, where they wers given
enough exercise to keep them in condition,
as the excellent results, of the handicap
field day held yesterday shows. : On a
track soggy from", the rains of the past
week the sprinters were able, to make rec
ords only the fraction ot a second slower
than those oorf r the . last intercollegiate
meet.- •• Nourse, Stewart and, McCaughern
gave the- most -promise in -the sprints,
while ' Chadbourne, Baker; • Smith , and Ni
klrk were ;the leaders in the distances. In
the broad jump Symonds and Lyons both
did better, than twenty feet. The field
events had to be postponed until the
ground dries.
Coach Murphy takes no pains to conceal
his disappointment with the work of the
baseball men. In a public interview he
scored them for not keeping training rules
and an inexcusable ignorance of the game.
The interest of the week has been cen
tered upon the selection of next year 3
football coach. The opinion as to the wis
dom of Manager Gildersleeve's appointment
of Yost of Lafayette College seems to be
evenly divided. The manager claims that
his choice ia the best that could be mado
from the material in the Held, while Cap
tain Burnett is not satisfied that such is
the case. The latter mentions such men
as Mcßride of Yale, Forbes and Rogers of
Harvard. Outland and OverfleUl of Perm
sylvanla. "Pop" Warner and Starbuck of
Cornell and others who are equally well
known who could be secured. With him
are most of the football men and all the
graduate coaches, with one exception. The
objection to Yost is that he does not know
the game as it is played by the big East
ern teams, and that he is practically un
known to the men of football rank. The
matter is before the Associated Students,
where it is expected the differences will be
adjusted without further trouble.
Shllllr.gr, P. Sunbergr, F. dough. H. Freeman.
W. Wolbeck. W. Webber, O. Owens, E. Monter.
R. Rldins. G. Chllds. O. Loirenthal. F. Ral
ston; ICO-yard race, amateurs— W. Wallace. H.
Ahlbach, E. Wilson. K. Josephs. J. Laird. H.
Leicken, T. Thomas, W. Harmon. R. Dah:. C.
Lundln. L. I lay wards, J. Sterns. J. O'Brien.
11. Seebach. E. Bell. W. Harrlnff. W. Smith.
C. Carlton; tuf> race— H. Wandell. C. Sinclair.
G. Rellly, W. Eisner. L. Doud, E. Wells, E.
Lleboldt, E. Byere, F. Carroll. P. Sunberj. A.
Baudaln. F. Green, W. JlcCormick, C. Hen
derson; trlcJc and fancy springboard diving—
J. Hanton. R. Cordell. O. illsner. W. I>oun
lasa, F. Green. J. Cathwell. W. Summers. F.
Eames. A. Davis, R. Riding. J. Cathcart.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 1 0, 1900.
rm/^^l ALLXtrvoua DUenme*—? 'ailins Man.
Cf SCI - ot7t Slespleasnam, ptc.. cvned by o»w.
- ;5f .\ I w6rk and liuliacrations. Tfcew tjvirkiv
\ jnb ««<•: auretv restore Lotrt Vitality in old
l\ ~T 'or rounff. and tit a maa (cr »ndy. boat-
rftfSv*= ls ik. DMS or plwaor*. Prevent Insaaisrairl
Tn ttTp ronnnmritinn ifrtakea ia time. Thirtr
om shows immediate i m profexneaf aad effects CUHJS
where all othars fall. Insist upon having the zennias
AJax Tablets. They ha»o ccred thousands and will
car* too. We gIT« a> positive written guarantee *9 ef-
fnetaenroineach ca«J or refund tho money. Prtosj
RA pf- per P«cka«- A or six packacee ifnll trwrt.
UWlilOi raont) for $y BO by maul, ia plain wrapper,
npon reeaipt ofprics. Circu Ia rs tie*.
AJAX REMEDY CO.. '^SSSK 8 -
For sale In S. F. by Leipniti & Co.. No Per-
centage Urag Co., Owl Drug Ca, 9. F.. Oakl'd.
5
SPORTKentucky ought to be satisfied; she has a silver
Governor and a gold Governor, bimetallism and bi-
Kovemment, all at once; and now whenever the
colonels toast the chief executive of the common
wealth they can legitimately take two drinks.
- It is going to be a fight of Gorman against Bryan
in the Democratic convention, and. while Bryan has
every pro?pect of winning, it is to be noted that Gor
man is stretching a good many wires, and some of
them are pretty sure to be barbed^
It is said Bryan has traveled 93.000 miles in his
campaign for the White House, but he has clearly
been swinging in a circle all the time, for he is not
a hit nearer than he was when he started.
As the Philadelphians have not yet raised the $100.
000 required to provide for the Republican conven
tion, it is evident they are living up to theii reputa
tion. There is nothing fast about them.
Victoria's proposed trip to Ireland will be a good
deal like Buller's first possession of Spion Kop—
brilliant, but brief, and a hot time while it lasts.
The plague San Francisco has to fear is not the
bubonic, but the evil combination of a Board of
Health with yellow journalism-
THE SMALLEST STERN WHEELERS AFLOAT.
THE Pulton Engineering and Ship-building Works has Juat completed two of
the greatest curios in marine architecture ever seen on the bay of San
Francisco. They are stern-wheel launches, each of which is thirty-five feet
long, with a twelve-foot beam and only twenty-four Inches depth of hold.
Loaded they only draw six inches of water, and under trial have made seven
knots an hour. The little river boats are perfect in every detail and would de
light the heart of a curiosity hunter. The engines are marvels of lightness, com
pactness and strength. A longshoreman could easily pick up one of the ma
chines and carry it away.' 7
The two boats are intended for the Amoor River (Siberia) trade. They have
been built to the order of a Russian firm and will go from here to Vladivostok
on the tramp steamer Leander.
LAWLESSNESS ON THE RANGES.
AS if to emphasize the position of the Secretary
of Agriculture and the proceedings of the
Pacific Stockmen's Association in this city,
comes news of the renewal of violence and bloodshed
on the common ranges of Arizona. The same system
has been followed there that has destroyed the forage
of all the arid West. As an overstocking of cattle
has reduced the crop of natural forage, sheep have
followed to obliterate what remains. Twelve years
ago the situation was acute in that Territory. Vast
flocks of sheep were driven from one part of the
country to another, leaving the ground stripped and
dusty behind them. On the pastures of the Tonto
basin they found great herds of cattle and destroyed
the pasture upon which they were feeding. In the
feud which resulted between the cattle and sheep
men forty lives were. lost.
Since then there has been no restoration of good
feeling, and the cattle interest has every year become
more enfeebled by the impoverishment of the ranges.
The whole community has been compelled to take an
interest in the issue.. It has been discovered that
when the soil is stripped of its vegetable covering and
the roots are killed sheep tramp it into dust. The
rain falls without penetrating the ground and turns
this surface dust into a sort of cement, which glazes
the surface and holds the water for evaporation or
compels its speedy drainage into streams that be
come torrents, and the water is wasted. The people
are now startled to discover that in twelve years the
average annual run-off of the streams has decreased
one-third, with the same annual average rainfall as
before. Hundreds of springs are going dry through
the dehydration of the earth's crust, and the whole
Territory is likely to suffer in consequence. In view
of these facts it is not to be wondered at that the wa:
of the Touto basin is about to be renewed. The Secre
tary of the Interior has granted permission to drive
sheep upon the Black mesa, which is part of a forest
reservation, and the shepherds have mobilized their
flocks and started to feed them across the Tonto basin
again. The general increase in aridity from the cause
stated has greatly reduced the forage of that basin,
and there is hardly enough to carry the cattle
through. The cattlemen have turned the sheep back,
and each side is gathering an armed force to fight it
out. This is no novel situation. In some degree it
is chronic throughout the arid belt, and common
over the whole grazing domain of the West. There
is no law for the range except force. It is commons.
One man has as much, and as little, legal right to
its use as another. Cattlemen and sheepmen want
the forage crop of the present season, and in one
form or another they fight for it.
While this war goes on its cause increases by rea
son of the rapid deterioration of the pasture. Vast
tracts have already been fed back to desert and will
support neither sheep nor cattle. These exposed and
btear surfaces add to heat and evaporation, injuriously
affecting the whole region by increasing its aridity.
Agriculture, present and future, is smitten vitally by
these conditions, and an indifferent public looks on
at the destruction of life and property as if there
were no remedy.
The Secretary of Agriculture has suggested the sole
remedy. It does justice to cattle, horse and sheep
rangers alike, and protects the mineral prospector
and the agricultural settler. This remedy is leasing
these grazing lands, and compelling each lessee to
keep his cattle, horses or sheep on his own lease
hold, to avoid overstocking it, and to renew as rap
idly as possible the natural grasses, white sage and
other forage plants which clothed it in its primitive
condition.
We can conjure no objections to this sane and law
ful and orderly policy. It will end strife and murder.
It will increase the moisture of the arid region by
covering the ground again with vegetable growth.
It will restore the annual lun-off of the watercourses
and make dry springs again affluent. Its revenues
will go to the States and Territories to he spent in
irrigation works to increase the breadth of their sown
lands and add to their taxable valuation.
It is indeed pitiful that men should look with in
difference upon existing disorder and murder and
less on the ranges, when a remedy for it all, so en
lightened and in line with prudent government, is in
sight and so easily attained.
noted that neither the bar, the bench nor the grand
juries seem to regard it with any great degree ofj
abhorrence, -.and. therefore the danger of it is all the.
more serious, and menacing. ' .'- '¦ '
The offer of the huge reward for evidence as to the
assassin of Goebel is sure to lead to the arrest and
trialof somebody. .The sum of $100,000 will be very
tempting, and as soon as some one' is arrested against
whom there • appears a chain of circumstantial evi
dence, or whose record is in any way clouded by sus
picion, there will come forth a ready perjurer to tes
tify against him and gain the coin. Rewards that
lead to the conviction of criminals. may be necessary
at times, but whenever they are offered great, care
should be exercised to guard against the perjury to
which they tempt the vicious.
THE BIG TREES
AND THE BIG HEAD
The Call do*« not hold Itself responsible for.
the opinions published In this column, but
f resents them for whatever. value they may
have as communications of general Interest.'
Editor, The Call— Now that the big trees
have been spared the threatened Ignorolnv
of reduction' to slabs .and 'shakes, tho
woods are full of those "claiming, to hava
been ' directly and I solely - Instrumental in
bringing about the' conditions under which'
these ligneous ¦ giants \ are to' be " allowed
to continue to stand ; on end. v , .
"Women, grouping" themselves in the
rooms 'of -their, various. "organizations,
chorus in, solid unison their demand for
recognition at the saviors of the seqitn'a. j
Every ; man . interviewed ; upon the ¦ subject
points with pride to his published views
and winks knowingly as he tells ithat thi
trees ' have been : saved. ' Each * member ci
the two houses of Congress who voted for
the joints resolution" which > blocks ; the
«nintn«flf tba vnndaia will doubtless con-
Putting the quarantine cinch on Chinatown may
seem to the Board of Health a very nice sort of fun.
but the evil effect of the thing will be felt by the whole
city, for in a senseless game of that kind the Chinese
are not the only sufferers.
The story that Cecil Rhodes is using the British to
whip the Boers with the intention to rouse all South
Africa afterward to drive out the British and thus
make himself a kingdom of his own, is a very good
one^ — but don't bet on it. : '/
The proposition to call an election to amend the
charter so as to give the Supervisors authority rj
regulate telephones should not be forgotten. That
is one of the things every citizen wishes a chance to
vote on." ' . '; • >; -; : ; .'"-¦;'*>..• '
Just fancy what a snap the darkened streets and the
Chinatown quarantine would have been for the gam
blers had the Mayor's little scheme for. turning the
Police Department over to them "worked out suc
cessfully.
In sending, Cronje to St. Helena the British may
not have been needlessly 7 cruel, as that may be the
only means of preventing him from breaking out in
the magazines.
The flour trust, it is said, has collapsed. An insti
tution-so. generously provided, with dough, it -was
hardly expected would fail to make both ends , meet
. ABoston paper wishes to.know why the Demo
crats could not nominate Olneyjor President, and the
answer is an easy one — they haven't r sense enotitrh.
INDUCEMENTS TO PERJURY.
I |DR the purpose of bringing about the arrest
j and conviction of the assassin of Goebel the
Kentucky Legislature has offered the enormous
reward of $100,000. The magnitude of the sum has
given rise to a good deal of discussion upon the ex
pediency of offering such large rewards for the con
viction of offenders, and the prevailing opinion ap
pears to be that they tend not "so much to promote
justice as to defeat it by the inducements they hold
out to persons willing to commit perjury for coin.
A recent case in Missouri is cited as an illustration
of the wrongdone in that way. A reward of $3000
was offered for evidence that would convict the as
sassins of a Mr. Bennett, a prominent citizen of St.
Louis. Three young men were arrested because of
circumstances which led them to be suspected. Then
a negro woman came forward and identified them as
the guilty persons. She swore she had seen them
running away from the victim; she had seen the
face of one (McDonald) distinctly, and heard the
others call him by name. McDonald was able to
prove an alibi and was acquitted, but the other two
were convicted, and would have been hanged, had
not the Governor distrusted the woman's testimony
and commuted their sentence to life imprisonment.
The rest of the story is told by the Philadelphia
Kecord. thus: "A few months ago this same woman
as a witness in another murder case swore to what
was a physical impossibility, was tried for perjury
and sent to prison for seven years. A detective, who
looked up her record, discovered that she had been
a professional perjurer for years at Kansas City; and
had fled to St. Louis to escape prison. She was two
miles from the scene of Bennett's murder when ' it
occurred, and all she knew of it she learned from the
newspapers. When the reward was offered. she told
several friends that she intended to get the money."
It is not likely there have been many cases of that
kind in the United States, for the number of persons
willing to commit a perjury that dooms an innocent
man to the gallows is small. Still there is abundant
evidence that perjury has become an altogether: too
frequent crime among us. We do. not have to go
away from San Francisco to find that evidence.' In
fact,' perjury has become so common as to constitute
a menace to the community. Moreover, it is to be
As two successive Boards of Health have now tried
to work the city for money by getting up a bubonic
plague scare, and each attempt has failed, there will
piobably be no further resort for some time to come
to that particular trick. One of the effects of the
fr.ilures. however, will be a feeling of incredulity on
the part of the people at any announcement of pes
tilence, even if it should happen to be true.
WHEELER'S NOTIONS.
GENERAL WHEELER, who has just returned
lrnm the Philippines with a military commis
sion and a certificate of election to Congress
among the honors that blush upon him, has pre
sfceted his plan for the government of the Philippines.
Like many other expansionists, he looks upon the
islands as old-fashioned bee-keepers used to look
t'l>on tbe hive, as full of honey and easy to rob. He
tslks about American push in a climate where there
is no push and no productive labor except that of
Chinese coolies, and he wants the islands, including
liie domain of his friend, the Sultan of Sulu, ad
mitted as a Territory and set in the path that leads
to statehood.
Tins i' undoubtedly to be the plan on which the
Bryan Democracy will compromise. The people
should never assent to it. None of these tropical isl
ands should ever be put in line to be States. It will
hr better to sell them as torrid junk in the second
hand markets of the world than to incur such a peril.
I'ut them up at a national rag fair, make an interna
tional St. Audrey auction, get rid of them in any
vyay. rather than permit them to cherish any hope of
.American statehood.
Just how much the people are going to stand in the
line of expansion and insular nonsense and folly none
car. tell now. We are putting a tariff of 15 per cent
on Porto Rican products and are to hand the whole
proceeds, a tax levied on the American people, back
to the Porto Ricans! It is compelling Americans to
pay Porto Ricans a bounty of 15 per cent on their
products! As the capitalists of Porto Rico hire la
bor at 20 cents a day, cheap wages at home and an
American bounty of 15 per cent ought to make them
quite comfortable.
A look into the maze of contradictions, plans,
propositions and schemes that hovers over this ques
tion is like looking into the jjrimacing faces at the
windows of a madhouse. A Southern Democratic
Senator is shouting. "Hold the Philippines; magni
ficent market for Southern cotton," when the islands
can produce all the cotton and garment fabrics they
c? n consume. " Another breaks into a smallpox of
enthusiasm over the opportunity to establish manu
factures in Manila to compete with the home manu
fr.ctTires. while a third is assuring the home manufac
turer of a great market among the Tagals, Pampan-
Koes and Negritos. While the merry madness goes
on. the people of the paradise of the West Indies
are reported to be starving to death on account of
their surplus production of the necessaries of life!
General Wheeler adds his recipe to the list of nos
trums already on file, and will soon appear in Con
press to add to the Democratic situation his vast
«tore of nmvi«dom on the subject.
MAIL STEAMSHIP
MARIPOSA HERE
FROM AUSTRALIA
Naval Hospital Ship Solace
Arrives With Many
Sick Sailors. •
Cruiser Philadelphia Sails Sunday
for. Central America— H. C
Tabrett Remembered by
' Marine Engineers.
The mall steamer Marlposa and the
naval transport Solace arrived yesterday.
The former came from Sydney, N. S. W..
via Auckland. N. Z.J Apia. Samoa, and
Honolulu, H. 1., while the Solace is from
Manila, via Guam and Yokohama.
The Marlposa only stopped a few nours
at Honolulu, and neither passengers nor
crew had any communication with the
Bhore. In consequence Dr. Kinyoun did
not detain the mall boat very long, and
she docked about 5 p.m. She brought up
the following cabin passengers:
from Sydney— Xl E. C. Kerr. Mr. antl Mrs.
B. H. Cassln, Master H. Cassln, .Mr. and >lr».
J Duffy C. K. Hall. Thomas Irons. Miss N el-
He Irons. F. Lyall. i. Ljall. Mrs A Dunbar.
J B. Teal. John Crotty. S. H. Thurber. Mrs.
M. M. Geartn. Mis>s Grace Gearln. H. C.
Geann. Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Vvashburn. H. C.
Cashroan, Miss Susie Parchy. \ lncont Abbott.
P A. Ash. Hen. J. P. Bray. Hon. J. V. Buck
llh: J. Qulgley. Mrs. George Gray. „
From Auckland— A. G. Horton. Miss Horton.
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Wilson. Dr. J. SornervHlj.
Miss Somervllle. Dr. J. M. Case, wife and child.
C T D Farley. R. H. Mason. H. Gtlpin. How
ard Reid. J. D. Walsh. • Miss Allene Crater.
Miss Viola OlllPttl, Mrs. M. McCoy. Miss Lt«l<?
Mcfoy. Miss Nellie McCoy. E. O. Cooke. Mies
Emma SelKell. Samuel Marlon. Mrs. M. iAyen.
Miss Zoe Karkoch. Miss K. Karkech. A. A.
Powell, C. S. Laferme. Mr. and Mrs. C. H.
Farnam, Alexander Knlttht.
From Apia— C. O. Lloyd.
The Hon. J. ¦W. Bucklln is one of Colo
rado's State Senators, who has been on a
holiday jaunt to the antipodes. Miss Susie
Darchy comes here from Sydney to lec
ture on the natural resources of the Aus
tralian continent.
Making a Tour of the World.
Mr. and Mrs. Farnum are wealthy
Americans making a tour of the wovlu.
They were to have stopped off at Hono
lulu, from which point they were, going
to the Orient, but the spread of the plague
spoiled their plans. They will go from here
to Hawaii on the next steamer and irom
there will continue their journey to Japan.
China and Europe. The . Hoyt-McKee
"Trip to Chinatown" company also re
turned on the Mariposa. A. G. Horton
and W, S. Wilson, part proprietors of the
New Zealand Herald, were passengers by
the mall boat. Mr. Horton is accompa
nied by his daughter and Mr. Wilson by
his wife. They will make a tour of the
States and will then go to the Paris Kx
posltlon. N. C. Walton, the former pur
ser o|» the Marlposa. came back on tno
steamer from Sydney. He will go back
into the Spreckels employ.
The Solace was forty-one days coming
from • Manila and seventeen days from
Yokohama. Many of the passengers were
sick leaving the Philippines, so the voy
age was prolonged in order to givejthem
all the sea air possible. The naval officers
who came up on her were:
Lieutenant commanders— C. BJ. Vreeland. Wil
liam R. A. Rooney. Rodrers H. Q*lt. J. A.
Shearman, D. J. C. Gllmore Lieutenants— A.
W Dodd W. V. Bronaugh. J. E. Qulnby. W.
w" Buchanan. H. G. Gates. L. R. de Stelgner.
L A Kaiser. W. K. Harrison. M. H. Slgnor,
U A.' Bostwlck. William A. Gill. M. C. Gorgaa,
Roscoe Spear. Paymaster. Z. W. Reynolds:
carpenter. John H. Gill; pay clerk, Robert Lit
tle; draughtsman. A. L. Dennlson.
Besides these the Solace brought up 175
A. B.'s. all of whom are now convalescent.
The Solace will go to the navy-yard at 10
o'clock this morning and from there the
sailors will be shipped homo.
, Philadelphia to Sail Sunday.
i The cruiser Philadelphia came down
from the navy-yard yesterday and on
Sunday will sail for Central America. She
will relieve the battleship lowa, which
will come to San Francisco for an over
hauling. , .
Harry C. Tabrett, marine superintend
ent of the Rlsdon Iron Works, was made
the recipient of a very handsome Masonic
jewel by the marine engineers a few days
ago. On the occasion of his becoming a
Knight Templar the boys got together and
planned a '^surprise for Harry. It took
the form of the regular Masonic emblem,
but Tarely has a more beautiful piece of
work been turned out by a Jeweler.
Captain E. D. Parsons and Captain
Harry Struve, who went to Gilroy Hot
Springs last week, -ure back in harness
.again. Both of the popular masters were
on the sick list, but have now recovered
their. wonted good health.
The Harbor Commissioners made a
thorough inspection of the water front
yesterday. They took one of Peterson s
launches and went under all the struc
tures. Some of the wharves were found
to be badly in n^ed of replling. but it was
a pelf-evldent fact - that nearly all the
piers can be lengthened at little more ex
?iense than the cost of the extra labor anc
umber. ¦¦¦ ¦ . .
DARKNESS, PLAGUE, BANKRUPTCY.
SAN FRANCISCO in reality stands at the dawn
of a new day. All the natural conditions of the
time are brightening in the glow of an increas
ing prosperity, not only in the city itself and in the
State, but in the East, where her present markets
are, and in the Orient, where her developing trade is
rapidly expanding. Very different, however, is the
aspect of the municipal administration. Under
Mayor Phelan and his combine our affairs have been
so administered that it would seem the new era be
gan not with the dawri, but the twilight. Steadily the
shadows have darkened and the gloom increased.
Now, with streets unlighted, we have the city re
ported to be infected with the bubonic plague, and
steps taken which tend to produce the impression it
is financially bankrupt.
The Finance Committee of the Supervisors have
under consideration a proposal to borrow $250,000
from public-spirited citizens to relieve the "financial
stringency." For the purpose of carrying out the
plan it is proposed the citizens shall advance the
money, and then $20,000 of the amount be used to de
fray the expense of an election to authorize the is
suance of bonds to repay the loan. The project, it
will be perceived, is a very pretty one. The citizens
are to loan the money and take chances on an elec
tion to authorize the city to repay it.
If the scheme be carried out we trust the public
spirited citizens will fare better than did the man who
advanced money to the State to relieve the farmers
of the drought-stricken sections of Monterey and
San Luis Obispo counties. That money, it will be
remembered, by the spite of Governor Gage, remains
to this day unpaid, and if citizens are going to put
their trust in the city on a similar venture, they would
best assure themselves beforehand that Phelan will
not work the Gage gouge ,on them in the end.
The fact that this scheme for raising money has
been brought forward will of course be taken advan
tage of by yellow journals to discredit the city. It
is another blight which Phelanism has put upon the
community. It .follows close upon the sensational
scheme of taking a diseased Chinaman and turning
his dead body into a means of getting up a scare over
the bubonic plague. Through the organ of the Mayor
snd his Board of Health the world at large has been
induced to believe that San Francisco is infected wit'n
pestilence, and now we are to have the further ill re
pute of being unable to pay our debts.
The evil effects and influences of these repeated acts
of municipal maladministration are far-reaching, and
the full extent of the injury they have inflicted will
perhaps never be known. The absence of street
lighting at night, for example, entails much more
than the discomfort it gives to. the public and the
advantage it confers on criminals. It has seriously
incommoded the Fire Department, for the engines
cannot with safety be driven through dark streets at
full speed. Thus the danger of fires is greater and
insurance companies begin to look upon city prop
erty as a more doubtful risk than before. So the evil
spreads from one interest to another, and the total mr
jury is enormous. ,
A striking illustration of the effects of Phelanism is
to be seen in the contrast between the black dark
ness of the midnight streets of the city itself and the
lighted water front. During his campaign Phelan was
loud in his claims that the water front and the docks
should be under the control of the municipality in
stead of the State. It was his frequent declaration
that under municipal administration the water front
would be better managed than by the State officials,
and many believed him. The water front under
State control is lighted, while the city. under Phelau
is in darkness.
Thus at the very beginning of the new era Phelan
ifm has brought upon the community three blight
ing clouds— reputed plague, reputed bankruptcy and
actual darkness. It is a dreary record, but, fortu
nately, there is in the situation itself the consolation
that it can be no worse. The wild Examiner reports
of bubonic plague will die out, the street lamps will
be relighted after a time, and the financial stringency
will pass away. Even in the better times, however,
the effects of the present evils will linger to the in
jury of the community, and we shall suffer many a
day from the consequences of Phelan's method of
"doing politics."
Pleased with the prospect that the census of this
year will show that South Carolina is the second
largest cotton manufacturing State in the Union, the
people of Charleston propose to hold a grand inter
state exposition in 1901 to advertise the fact and show
the world what the South is doing.
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
A. B. Hill, a merchant of Petaluma. 18
registered at the Lick. ,
A. S. Mack of the Pullman Company la
a guest at the Occidental.
¦ B. K. Knight. District 'Attorney of Santa
Cruz, is a guest at the Lick.
Captain and Mrs. C. M. Perkins. U. 9.
N.. are at the California for a few jJays.
Dr. J. J. Mullar of San Jose is staying
at the Occidental, where he arrived last
night.
Professor and Mrs. J. F. Newman of
Stanford University are staying at the
Palace.
Baron Eyb of Germany has returned to
this city and. Is again registered at the
Palace.
George Flnley. a prominent business
man of Portland, Or.. Is a guest at the
Occidental.
P. M. Baler, a wealthy fruit grower of
Visalia, Is registered for a short stay at
the Grand.
Dr. G. H. R. Gasman. U. S. A., was
among the arrivals of yesterday at the
Occidental. ; VO
Dr. G. W. Dwlnnell. a leading physician
and wealthy mine owner of Montague, is
staying at the Grand.
A. H. Barr. a merchant and wheat
buyer of Etna, Is a guest at the Grand
while making a short business trip to this
city.
A. G. Horton and daughter. Mr. and
Mrs. W. 8. Wilson and Dr. SommervHle
and daughter constitute a party of travel
ers from Auckland who are registered »t
the Palace.
is gathered as far as the hips, and the
apron is flat. The sleeves are long and
tight.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 10, 1900.
SATURDAY MARCH io, 1900
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
I'CULICATIOX UPFICR. .Mnrlcet and Third. S. K.
Telephone Mala ISBB.
IDITOJUAI, nociM*. .. .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Mala 1H74.
Dellrered »»<r Ctirrlem. 18 Cent* Per "Week.
Mnsrle Coplcn. S Cent".
Term* br Mall. Including: Vontntrri
DAIXT CAI.I, (InrlnrilnK Sunday), one yr-nr. . sta.no
DAILY CALL <<ncludlnsr Sunday), n month*.. «.o<»
DAILY CALL (ln.-ln.llnur Sandnyt. 8 months.. 1.50
DAILY CALL — Hr Single Month «."•<•
M\DAI CALL Une Year I*6°
ULUvLV CALL One Year J -°°
' Ail pualiuaatera are authorised to receive
subscriptions,
t ample copies vtl'l be forwarded when requested
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadway
c. GEoncn Kitofixnss.
Manaser Fsrelsn Advertising-. BXarauette Balld
1»BT. Chlcaar*.
XKW YOniv COUKIiSI'OXOEXTi
c. C CAKLTO.N Herald B«nare
KEW YORK IIKWtKSBISTATIVBi
lEKIIY LtKUAS JR 2» Trlbnne Unlldlns
CniCAGO NEWS STANDSt
she; man Ilonoet P. O. News Co.i Great *orth
eru Hotel: Fremont Ilounej Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STASDSi
Waldorf- A. tor in Hotels A. Drentano. 81 Galon
fcanaret Murray Hill Hotel.
UA»HIXGT«»S «n. C> OFFICE. .¦W>lltn»rton Hotel
J. F. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRANCH OKFICKS— C27 Montgomery, cowr «*
Clay, open nntll Ot.iO o'clock. SOO 'Hayes,
open until t»:3t; o'clock. 635» McAllister, open
until U:3«> o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
»:«O o'clock. 1041 Mission, open -ntll 10
o'clock. 2201 Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until O o'clock. ltttMl Valencia, open until »
u'olorL. 1(KI i:i<-vrulh. open until O o'clock.
N\V. corner Twenty-second und Kentucky.
O|M-n until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Op«>ra-houee— "The Girl From Paris.'
Columbia— "The Old Homestead."
Callfrrr.ia— "Darkest Russia."
•California— Operatic Concert Monday nlcbt.
Infill- "The Idols Eye."
Orvheum— -Vaudeville
Alcazar — "Never Ajtaln."
Alhambra— "Have You Seen Smith." to-morrow afternoon.
Chutes. Zoo and Tbeater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympla. corner of Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
M'char.ic»' Pavilion— Trained Animal Show.
Sh«>rr.ian-C!ay Hall— Piano Recital this afternoon.
Oakland ile.ee Track— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
n>- A. VC. Louderhark— Thiß evening, at 8 o'clock. Palnt-
incs. a' <'? M»fti street.
Bjr Sullivan & I). |1r Tlinwiij. March 13. at 11 o'clock.
Hnrrfs, at T»<"!fth at^jp Harrison streets.
slder himself entitled to a "look In" when
the glory for the preservation of tho
groves Is being apportioned. Even tht-
President himself, as he affixes his auto
graph to the resolution, will probably have
the effrontery to consider that in so doing
he has been in some measure Instru
mental in staying the ax.
Not so, Mr. President. Not so, all and
singular, the rest of you. In the city,
perched on the extreme outer rim of the
Sunsetland, the throbbing, presses have
blazoned to the world the legend:
"Through the Examiner .the big trees will
be spared the woodman's ax."
And now. Mr. President, and the rest of
you, will you be good and allow us to
concentrate our gratitude upon the man
who alone stood off the woodman's ax ?
It is all the more ungenerous to attempt
to subdivide and divert the credit thua
declared to be all his very own at a time
when, thrusting aside his editorial writ
ers, he is personally wrestling with the
Hay-Pauncefote business In an agony to
which great primer Is hardly equal to the
task of giving adequate typographical ex
pression.
It will be observed that the Examiner
man simply claims that his "efforts to
save those natural wonders, the giant
trees of California, have been successful."
Mark the limit beyond which his modesty
would not go. What, had it not been for
this limit, was to have prevented him
claiming that at some remote period of
previous Incarnation he had Influenced the
Creator in planting those trees, or even
that he had sown the seeds himself? Ab
solutely nothing but that exceeding mod
esty which permits the dead heroes of the
Maine to share with him the distinction
of precipitating the war with Spain, and
which alone stands In the way of his con
testing the other William's exclusive cl<um
to partnership with God.
J. B. SMITn.
Alameda. March 9. 1900.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
BLACK GUIPURE DRESS.
This dress, which Is suitable for a con
cert, is of black guipure, over a ground
of black liberty satin. The bolero cor
sage Is long and rounded In front." The
Marie Antoinette fichu is of white mus
lin, with a cockade at the side. The skirt
A. K. Young, a millionaire Board of
Trade man of Chicago, is at the Palace,
where he arrived yesterday, accompanied
by his wife and daughter. Mr. Toung Is
visiting the coast for pleasure and for the
purpose of seeing his cousin, "William
Sanborn, the .famous raconteur and bon
vlvant of the* University Club.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE ST. PAUL— A. 8.. City. Tbe
steamer St. Paul sailed from this port for
St. Michael on the 25th of June, 1599, with
troops for St. Michael.
DEMOCRATIC COXVENTHW-J. F..
City. Judge Sewell was nominated by the
Democratic Convention that met In this
city September 23. 1898. For an account of
the proceedings see The Call of September
30, IS9S. page 10.
ORIGIN OF BOER— B. H. T.. Clay Sta
tion, Sacramento County, Cal. The word
"boer" originated with the Dutch lan
guage or low German and Is the Dutch
pronunciation of "bauer" (farmer) and Is
used to designate a farmer.
Townsend's Cal. glace fruits and choice
candles back to Palace Hotel. 639 Market.*
Bend your Eastern friends To-wnaer.d*fc
California Glace Fruits, 50c lb.. In fire-
etched boxes. 639 Market, Palace HoteL •
Special Information supplied dally ts
business bouses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Pictures and Frames.
"We have all the new prays, Flemish, car-
bons, sepias and greens In quarter-sawed
oaks for picture frames. Mahogany, cher-
ry maple and mat gilts in stock, and mat
boards in tints to match. "We also have
lots of new things in water colors, platina-
types, artotypes. etchings and steel en-
eravings. Visitors always welcome. San-
born, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Purlm Masquerade.
On Sunday evening the San Frandeeo
Hebrew Social Club will give a Purlin
masquerade at Odd Fellows' Hall., ThU
will be the sixth of the series given, by
this club, and pfi^es will' be " awarded tor
costumes and characters.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeplnx cars via Santa F» route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany the«« excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passenger*.
To Chicago and Kansaa City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto e*ery Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. €28 Market itrtet.
Incredible but True.
Pas!»nKers on the Union Paciflo "Overland
Limited" can leave San Franclsoo fourteen
hours later and arrive in Chicajro nearly fly»
hours earlier than those via any other lln».
p W. Hitchcock. General Arent, 1 Montgom-
ery street. San Francisco.
If your complaint is want of appetite, try 4alf
vine glass of Dr. Blegert's Angostura Bitten
before meals.
R«nov» the causes that make yoar hair llfa-
less and tray with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns. tho bent cure for coma. 13 eta.
Stole Two Cases of Tacks.
Peter Johnston, a well-known hoodlmn.
was arrested yesterday morning by De-
tective Levin of the Southern Pacific and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
burglary. He broke Into a freightcar pn
King street and stole two cases of tacks
belonging to the Judson Manufacturing
Company.
m The Sunday Call
mi FOR WAKCH & 19ca AMONG OTHER
¦ I INTERESTING ARTICLES, WILL CONTAIN 1
I "~T SAN FRANCISCO'S FIRST DANCING
MASTER. .
EXPERIENCES OF A SUNDAY CALL
-ifc REPORTER AS A SALVATION
H ARMY LASSIE.
THE ROMANCE OF OLD FORT ROSS.
HOW TO GUARD AGAINST THE BU-
<BONIC PLAGUE.
By Dr. Josephine Eltzholtz.. who -spent '
five years in India studying the epidemic.
HOW TO DRESS THE SCHOOLBOY.
LINES FROM "SAPHO." THE SENSA-
. TIONAL PLAY OF THE DAY.
BOOKS OF THE WEEK, BY B. G.
== FASHIONS; DRAMATIC FEATURES,
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM
6£v At this. season". of the year ¦ i
every one is anxious to know T
& what Dame Fashion has de- -f
¦?•creed as the proper -f
*• thing for spring .wear*'— next ?
+ Sunday's Call will tell you all *
+ about it and will present pho- +
-$_ tbgraphslthat can be" depend- j >
I ed , upon aa absolutely correct. ¦-f
•^-?"fV^ 4-f ? ???? ?+?+ •
MECHANICS* PAVILION.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 1:80.
THIS EVENING AT 8:S0 O'CLOCK.
NORBIS & ROWt'S BIG TRAINED
ANIMAL SHOWS.
JTEB FRISCO, the Smallest Shetland to tb*
World.
BEH THB ANIMAL FIRE DEPARTMENT.
BEB THB EXCITINO RACES.
BRING THE CHILDREN THIS AFTERNOON.
' A CLEAN. MORAL EJXHIBITION.
PRICES— AXfUIVrS. Be. -
PRICES— CHILDREN. 10*
Free Tickets]
TO THE *
BUY "YOUR |
Lenox and j
Ivory Soap j
SAVE YOUR WRAPPERS AND GET I
FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM. |
The Johnson-Locke j
Mercantile Co., I
204 FRONT STREET, j
BAN. FRANCISCO, •
Will Exchange for Lenox and Ivory ¦
Soap Wrappers '
FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM I
UNDER THE FOLLOWING CONDI- I
, TIONB: I
If You Want a 25c Reserved Seat !
Send 25 Wrappers of LENOX BOAP !
Or 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP I
Or else send 15 Wrappers of LENOX I
BOAP and 6 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP I
If You Want a GOc Reserved Seat !
5end..,. .60 Wrappers of LENOX BOAP '
, 0r....;...»4 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP I
Or els* send it Wrappers of LENOX I
SOAP and 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP
A2TDSEMENTS.
BECAUSE her husband had ceased
to love her, Mrs. Thomas Costigan,
a comely young woman living at
343 Jessie street, attempted to com
mit suicide in Crowley & Green's saloon,
14 Mason street, yesterday morning by
Ewallowing a dose of carbolic acid. She
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where Dr. Bunnell applied the usual rem
edies, and it is probable that she will re
cover, although she would prefer to die.
The case is a pitiable one. Mrs. Cos
tigan was married to her husband, Tnom
as Costigan. a rambler, eight years ago.
She is a pister of James Lally, a deputy
Assessor. They lived happily together,
and two children were born to them, a
girl now -seven years of age and a boy
two years. That her husband was un
faithful to her never occurred to her till
a few days ago. He had gone to Seattle,
but returned recently. A letter that had
been sent him by a woman to Seattle
was re-directed to this city, and when it
came to the house Mrs. Costlgan's sus-
Eiclons were aroused for the first time,
he opened the letter and her suspicions
were confirmed; her husband had been
untrue to his marriage vows. She
had still faith in him. as she thought the
woman might not know that he was a
married man, but a subsequent letter
which she opened yesterday morning dis
pelled that Illusion, as reference was
made In it to her. She was driven almost
crazy by the fact, and as she had not
seen her husband since Monday night she
determined to go In search of him and
try to win him back.
She sent the little girl to the Lincoln
School, and taking the baby to her sister
in-law, Mrs. Lally, started out on her
quest. She went ¦to several places, but
could not get any Information as to her
husband or the woman, whose letters to
her husband had. not been signed. Then
she went to a drug store and purchased
two bottles of carbolic acid, a one-ounce
bottle and a four-ounce bottle, and called
at Crowley & Green's saloon as a last
chance. She could get no Information
there, and going Into a side room she
swallowed the contents of the one-ounce
bottle.
"I cannot live without my husband's
love,'" she said, "and want to die. We
lived so happily together, and if an angel
from heaven had told me he was untrue
to me I would not have believed it. Oh.
why did I open that letter? I have
done everything a wife could for him and
it is cruel for him to deceive me so. What
are my children to me without my hus.
band?" Shn would not be comforted and
declared that If she recovered she would
be more successful next time.
A FAMOUS FRENCH PORTRAIT PAINTER.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton
WORLD FAR TOO
REBELLIOUS FOR
SPIRITUAL GOOD
Father Yorke Discusses
Prosperity Gauged by
Man and (rod.
Eloquent Divine Asserts That Reli
gion Is to the Soul What
the State Is to the
Body.
Rev. Peter C. Yorke lectured last even
ing at St. Mary's Cathedral on the "Can
ons of Prosperity." The speaker dwelt at
length on the natural and supernatural
faculties of man. and of that continual
conflict which cannot be termed the ret
Eistance of the body to the spirit, but ia
more properly reason's rebellion against
the spirit's influence.
"We are persuaded," said the speaker,
"that what the spirit tells us Is correct.
If the reason was left to itself and was
not in continual conflict with the body
the dictates of the spirit would prevail.
The world Is on one side of the great
conflict, the spiritual kingdom on the
other*. The latter is composed' of those
who have left the world, and the world
hates them. If they were still of the
world the world would .love them. The
great majority on this earth are scattered,
like the flock without a shepherd, not
knowing the image pt the Lord, and in
continual conflict wltn all that Is spiritual.
"The mind belongs to the world. It
thinks according to Its ways and Judges
everything and everybody by . its own
canons. The world does not believe in the
kingdom of God. It says that It is not of
the world, and consequently the world
does not believe In it or love it.
"The world is merely the name applied
to man, organized for his own needs. It
Is the human race organized for its own
benetlt. We must give up part of our
personal liberty for the good of all— in
other words, for the benefit of the State.
The man who minds his own business
need not bother his head about the laws
of the State. The laws are made for
those who break them. The result of this
is tranquillity. When men are not satis
fled with the conditions which surround
them they are privileged to say so. Free
speech Is a kind of safety valve that lets
off the surplus steam of public discontent.
"Peace, order, quietness and a certain
amount of prosperity are needed for the
KEW WESTER* HOTEL.\
KEARNT XUO WASHINGTON fiTB.— B«-
modeled aad renovated. K ING. WARD *
CO. European plan. Rooms. Me to H6O Aay;
U to U week; 18 to HO month. Free baths: hot
and oold water every room; fir* grates 1b *very
row; «!crator runs all n'.gat
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900-OALIFORNIA ' JOCKEY CLUB-1800
I February ti to March 10, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racine Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shlna.
Fir* or more races each day. - • .
Racea start at 1:16 p. m. sharp.
Ferry -boat* leave Ban Francisco at II m. and
12:30. 1. 1:10. J. 2:30 and S p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at ¦ th« - entrance to th*
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dies and their, escorts; no smoking. - Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. , All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo av*nu*
electric cars at Seventh and Ilroadway, Oak-
land ' Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. - These electrio cars
CO direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
•:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last no*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Presldtnt. |
R. B. MILROY. Secretary-
GRAND OPERA-fIOUSE-Special.
THURSDAY APTERKOON, Marcb 15th,
At 3«l*.
LastSymphonyConcert
Undtr the Direction of
HENRY HOLMES.
BEST PROGRAMME OT THB BERIES!
RMtrred Beat»-25c. 80c. 75c. II and *1 »•
Bale berln» at Sherman, Clay & Co.'* THIS
«SATTTRI>AY) MORNIXCO. at » o'clock.
H. J. McCoy Before the Camera Club.
The auditorium: of- the Young Men's
Christian Association was filled last
night with members and friends who
came to enjoy the lecture by. H. J. Mc-
Coy, general secretary of the association,
on "The "Humorous Side of a European
Trip." Many humorous -reminiscences of
the trip were related by the speaker, • who
kept his audience In good humor through
out the hour, and .a quarter in the de
livery of the lecture. - The countries of
England. Holland. Germany, Scotland.
France and, Belgium were visited and
Mount Blanc. ascended. About one;hun
dred, finely colored views were thrown
upon the canvas representing scenes ; in
these . various • countries, r and It . was one
of the most . enjoyable lectures delivered
under the auspices of, the Camera Club
this season. - •' ¦. ,
Anyvo Theatrical Cold "Cream prevents
early wrinkles. Sold by all druggists. * .
CHUTESJND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW !
TO-NIGHT-
CAKEWALK CONTEST !
After the Vaudeville Show.
Black Bartons vs. Stewarts
And Many Others.
BILLOON ASCENSION TO-MOBROW.
Eeata by Phone— Park XS.
Proposed Chinese Celebration.
Mayor Phelan yesterday sent a commu
nication in reply to one received by him
from Ho Vow, Imperial Consul General of
China, relative to the intention jof the
Chinese to celebrate the Feast of the
Dragon In June-next. The Mayor re
quests the Consul to specify, more particu
larly the privileges that would b» re
quired; and the matter will be presented
to" the Board of Supervisors. .
Choice French millinery, specially pur-
chased by Mme. Martin for the Easter
season, will be shown for the. first time on
Monday In the millinery parlors of the
"City of Paris" Dry Goods Company,
Union Square. •
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO DaF AND SUNDAY.
A HOWLINCTSUCCESS!
YOU CAN'T RESIST LAUGHINO.
THE SAUCY. FUNNY FARCE.
Never Again
15c, 25c R || AT^ D 35c, 50c.
SEATS NOW BEAdTfOR NEXT WEEK.
Dr. Voorsanger's Lecture.
"Ancient- Legends and Modern Facts"
was the subject of an eloquent discourse
delivered last night In Temple Emanu-El
by Rev. Dr. Voorsanger. He told of the
beautiful legends to be found in the his
tory of the Hebrews and drew special at
tention to Queen Esther, who saved her
people from persecution and probable
death. He told the legend In all its beau
ty and took occasion to dwell on the per
secution of the Jews through succeeding
centuries, despite which the race has
thrived.
POLICEMAN DEELEY IS
STERNLY REPRIMANDED
Policeman Lawrence Deeley was rep
rimanded last evening by Chief Sullivan
In the presence of all the members of the
Southern station' for having arrested re
spectable citizens without cause.
Deeley was recently fined $100 by the
Police Commissioners for the offense,
and In addition was ordered to suffer the
humiliation of being reprimanded in the
presence of his fellow-officers.
A few minutes before 6 o'clock last even
ing the members of the Southern station
were lined up in the assembly room, the
men forming a cordon around the offi
cer who was to be reprimanded. Chief
Sullivan then appeared, and, addressing
Deeley, said: - ,
"When I assumed command of the po
lice force of this city T addressed the
men and made particular reference to
the very offense of which you have been
found guilty by the Board of Police Com
missioners. At tha,t time I earnestly tried
to impress you and the other members
of the department with the necessity of
treating all citizens with the utmost cour
tesy and of using common-sense in mak
ing arrests. Within a week after I thus
spoke to you I find you in discharge of
your duties as a police officer arresting
three men— one a veteran of the Civil
War— without the slightest provocation:
Why you should have done so I am at a
loss to explain. In reprimanding you I
want to impress on your mind that such
offenses will not be tolerated in the Po
lice Department. I therefore, in the pres
ence or your fellow-officers, administer
the reprimand In the hope that it will be
of - benefit -to you in the future, as well
as to the other members of the police
Deeley listened to the words of the
Chief unflinchingly, but seemed relieved
when It was all over. .
Eastern Tourists
Declare that Zjnkand'a is the finest restaurant
west of Chicago. Only the beat th« market af
fords Is served. •
BUTONE DON'T
MATINEE. MISS IT!
A GREAT DRAMATIC GEM.
Darkest Russia
LAST PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT.
March 14— A MajrulOcent Spectacular produo-
""jhe brownies in fairyland."
2fjft_CHlL,pnEN ON THE STAGE— 2OO
NOTICE— Every boy and girl attending the
first performance of "The Brownlee" will be
presented with eouvenlr '•Brownie" book, beau-
tifully illustrated.
advancement of the arts and sciences.
The older a nation grows the more re
fined become her people. All of this pub
lic exterior exists for the state. It Is not
because you or I want it. but because the
state desires it. The good first goes !o the
state; what man gets reaches him Indi
rectly. Men. Individually or collectively,
need some object of worship. The wor
ship of their country is what we term pa
triotism. To call a man unpatriotic is
about as severe an adjective as can b*»
applied to him.
"The great men are those who have
done great things for the state— not those
who have done for the Individual. Thus
the first canon of progress is something
exterior.
"When we come to consider the canons
of progress of the spirit you will find that
they differ from those of the world; you
will find that they are separated by a
chasm that cannot be closed. The world
looks upon the state as the greatest thing
In the world. The spirit believes that the
poul Is the greatest thing. Religion is to
the soul what the state is to the body." .
Sunday morning Father Yorke will lec
ture on "New Heavens and a New
Earth."
Special Lecture by Father Yorke.
Father Yorke will give a special lecture
Sunday evening at St. Mary's Cathedral,
Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell street.
The subject will be "Rome." Admission
will bo free, but a special collection will
be made.
VETERAN JOURNALIST
IS CALLED BY DEATH
William B. Allen, a well-known journal
ist of this city, was found dead yesterday
afternoon in his room in the lodglng-houss
at 6T,7 Bush street.
Deceased was in the employ of the real
estate firm of W. J. Gunn at the time of
his death, but for many years had been
prominently connected with the daily
papers of San Francisco.
The Coroner was notified of the death,
and Deputies Meehan and Klannigan were
sent to investigate It. From Dr. Worth,
who had been attending Allen recently, it
was learned that he has been a sufferor
for a long time from heart trouble. la
searching the effects of the deceased a
will was found. In which relatives in Eng
land are named as legatees, and which
reads: "All my parents are dead. There
is no one lirlng who has any claims on m«*
for support. I was never married, and my
only relatives are those mentioned in my
will." Deceased left bank books showing
accounts with theHlbernla Bank, Savings
and Loan Society and San Francisco Sav
ings Union, and a certificate of deposit on
the Bank of California for $285. He was
also possessed of Teal estate in the Potrero
and on Point Lobos avenue. i
Allen was a native of England and 62
years of age.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. MARCH 10.
Partjuet. 25c, any Beat; Balcony, 10c; Children.
He, any part.
The Greatest Bill in a Year!
THE SMEDLEY SKETCH CLUBI
Imperial Troupe of .Moorish Acrobats,
Ten in Number.
ANNA WHITNEY: NEWHOUSE ft WARD:
THE FRANKS TRIO; PAUT-IXE MORAN:
TROVOLIXS; THE DANCING PASSPARTB.
THE
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH !
DO NOT MISS THE
KEW BOER WAR VIEWS
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*TIVJOLI*
"HOOT MON, THE RECORD IS GROWING!"
OHAHD MATINEE TO-DAY AT 31
64th PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT
Of the Euperb Com!c Opera,
The Idol's Eye.
EVENINGS at f. MATTXEjIJ SATURDAY at J.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 60c.
TELEPHONE- Bush ».
fully that she was commissioned to palift
twenty-nine more portraits of the gay
young queen. As painter and subject
were about the same age, they soon dis
covered many tastes in common. Mme.
Le Brun had a silvery voice and frequent
ly sang duets with the queen when the
latter was weary of sitting for her num
erous portraits. Marie Antoinette soon
became truly fond of the unassuming,
simply dressed little artist, who in turn
felt the more romantic affection for her
royal patron, whom she declared to walk
"better than any woman in France. hold-
Ing her head upright with a majesty
whlch denoted the sovereign in the midst
of her court, without this majestic bear
ing detracting in the least from the
sweetness and grace of her whole as
pect."
Mme. Le Brim's friendship with royalty
naturally subjected her during the revo
lution to many terrifying experiences.
Sulphur was thrown into her cellar, and
ominous murmurings and fist-shakings
plainly hinted that if sne would escape
the scaffold she must leave France at
once. Her husband being fortunately ab
sent she took 100 louis. which she had
Just received for a portrait, and in the
disguise of a working woman arrived
penniless in Rome.
Here her busy brush reaped for her the
same golden harvest that she had gar
nered In Paris. Orders, for portraits of
distinguished foreigners poured In upon
her, not least among which was one
from the Pone. Pius ,VI. When Mme. Le
Brun learned, however, that she must be
veiled while painting his Holiness, she
doubted her ability under such trying cir
cumstances to do justice to the subject.
BIOGRAPHICAL STUDIES F"OR GIRLS.
IV. MMB LE BBUN.
(1755-1542.)
BY CHARLOTTE BREWSTER JORDAN
When a reader happens upon the name
of Mme. Le Brun he is aware of a pleas
urable feeling, at first indefinable but
which, traced to its source, is generally
found to have been produced by some one
of the many pleasing portraits of nerself
now so widely and favorably known. Each
gives an impression of a vivacious and
winsome personality, whether •it be the
portrait which she painted of herself as a
turbaned young woman looking out with
smiling countenance from her easel— the
one. which, in the Ufflzl gallery. Florence,
elicited so much notice from Goethe— the
similar painting in the Hermitage at St.
Petersburg or those charming pictures ct
herself and daughter known as the "little
idyls on canvas," which hang In the Lou
vre.
In her Ingenious autobiography she has
supplemented these brush portraits with
accounts of the brilliant court pageants
which she witnessed in the various coun
tries of Europe in sharp contrast f> the
meager poverty of her home surroundings,
of the terrors of the revolution, ot' th«
wit or peculiarities of those whom she
met, together with shrewd little charac
ter sketches and impressions of her trav
els. This self-illustrated autobiography Is
something unique in the history of art
and throws a curious side light upon the
circumstances attending the palntln? of
the Immense number of pictures, nearly
1000 In all, which make the best monument
to the lifelong industry of Mme. Vig£e Le
Brun.
A less pretentious painter than her fair
contemporary, Angelica Kauffmann, the
greater .beauty and simplicity of her worn
have better stood the test of time.
Daughter of a third-rate Parisian copy
ist whose chalk studies and pastels after
Watteau were pleasing, but strikingly de
void of originality. Mile. Vigfee attracted
notice by her precocity while a very tiny
child. At the time of her father s d*atn.
a girl of 13. she was a portrait painter oi
no mean ability, already beginning to ful
fill her father's prophecy: "^ou shall be a
painter, my daughter, or there never was
one!" Vernet. the eminent marine palnte. .
urged her to present an excellent portrait
of her mother, which she finished at the
age of 15. for admission to the Academy:
but her application was refused on ac
count of her extreme youth.
Besides the fond encouragement of her
father, the young girl was favored in h-vv
ine Brlard, Davesne, Doyen and Clnude
Joseph Vernet as her teachers. The last
named frequently cautioned .her against
following the methods of any Particular
school "Only consult, my child, tha
works of the great Italian and Flcm sh
masters: but. above all." he urged "do
as much as you can from nature. Nature
fs {he best master. If you study It dili
gently you will never get into manner
isms /' This sensible advice had much to
do with the formation of Mile. \ig^. s
orielnal style, which waa quite apart from
the Tcontempo'rary academic Jnfl^nc^ £«
self-improvement was largely «"f » her
untiring copying of Rembrandt. \ an D\ck
RubenT(wfiose chiaroscuro she considered
miraculous) and Greuze. Much of this
work was quickly sold in order that the
young artist might support her bjanttful
but Indolent mother and clothe and edu
'Vn SerXTKuSy o 'fha't lon B .n K for «
who greedily wore the old clothes of the
dead artist, but refused to provide the
n^£x»aries of life for his new family.
S^lUnf the already overworked Eline
to^edoubfe her efforts for their mainten
ance On account of that superb health
which enabled her to work unceasingly
until her death in her eighty-seventh
year, the young girl's beauty did notfade
under this 111 treatment, but developed so
charmingly that between the ages of 14
andlo 'sitters flocked to her studio and
her orders multiplied amazingly, chiefly
that her admirers while posing might en
joy her vivacious society. This Implied
flattery never cost the young artist the
loss of her simplicity or reputation, her
mother's enforced presence preventing
any suggestion of stain upon her name.
At that time the family lodged in the
house of a picture dealer. Jean Baptlste
Pierre Le Brun. a man whose Judgment
upon pictures was considered the most
reliable In Europe. His unusually flne
co ection of paintings and prints was
obligingly placed at the service of the
eager young portrait painter. JVhen Le
Bimn offered, himself in: marriage six
months late? Mlle..Vlg«e yielded to the
persuasion? 'of her worldly mother,
who fancied the picture dealer to
be very rich, and reluctantly con
«fTnt*<l to a secret marriage until Le
Brun could clelr himself of certain obli
gations to the daughter of a picture trader
in Holland. Meanwhile the Influential
friends of the artist, not knowing of this,
stronelv urged her not to marry the man.
insisting that she would better cut her
throat or drown herself than ally her In
terests with those of a man whose low
tastes weuld make happiness an Impos
sibility. All too late the young wfe
learned the bitter truth of their predic
tions, and found that she had simply ex
changed her slavery. to her stepfather for
a • lifelong servitude even more galling.
Her husband compelled her to take pupils
and gambled with herjmoney as fast as
she earned it. -»o that : In 1789. thirteen
years after her marriage, she left France
without 20 of the .1.000.000 francs which she
had meanwhile earned. ' ¦.
The birth of her little girl. Jeanne, two
years'after her marriage, was the one ray
of sunshine In 'the deplorable life of this
111-treated wife, who. worked uncomplain
ingly from dawn till dark, declaring that
her whole life i was henceforth devoted to
two ¦ objects— her daughter and- her art.
During the Infancy of little Jeanne the
artist mother • while walking in the park
was accosted by Mary f Antoinette.' who
invited her to paint her portrait. ' This
Mme. Le Brun accomplished so neemmm.
and therefore declined the honor. Be
sides many other famous portraits she
painted two noteworthy ones of Lady
Hamilton, one as a bacchante reposing on
the seashore, another as a sybil— fine pic
tures of a beautiful subject, which as
works of art afterward sold In London
for many times their original value. In
Rome she also met Angelica Kauffmann.
with whom she was most favorably Im
pressed.
Leaving the Eternal City, the artist-ex
ile traveled over Europe, everywhere re
ceived with distinction, and admitted into
the membership of the- Academies of Par
ma, Rome, Bologna, Berlin. Geneva. St.
Petersburg, Rouen and Paris.
In Prussia she painted a portrait of
the much-loved Queen Louise. In Brus
sels she had painted (1753) the famous
portrait of herself In a straw hat after
Rubens' much-admired "Chapeau de
Faille," which gained her admission to
the French Academy.
In Russia a palace was placed at her
disposal, and here she painted many por
traits of the royal family. The Empress
Catherine the Great also engaged a por
trait of herself, but mvh» stricken with
apoplexy before the day appointed for her
sitting.
England was not behind the rest of the
Continent In conferring honors upon Mm©.
Le Brun, whose portraits Sir Joshua Rey
nolds declared "as fine as those of any
painter, not excepting Van Dyck." Geor-
E in nsi, the witty and bwiutiful Duchess of
levonshlre: Mrs. Slddons, Herschel and
his gifted sister, and the Prince of Wales,
afterward George IV, also showed her
great honor.
In spite of all the distinction and wealth
heaped upon her she was never truly
happy, although Invariably cheerful. She
who was reported to be so rich that she
lit her fire with bank notes and fed It with
aloes wood was in reality always poor,
dressing most simply In the muslin gown
and kerchief popularized by her portraits,
because of the immense sums which she
constantly sent home to support her hus
band, mother or daughter. In Russia she
managed to save during the first month
of her stay 45,000 francs, but the banker
with whom she deposited them failed and
she lost all. Later on 15.000 francs was
stolen from her.
Her greatest erief. however, was the
unfortunate marriage of her only daugh
ter, to whose education she had devoted
so much time and money. This child bad
always been a great comfort to her
mother, because of her sweet disposition,
but at the age of 17 she conceived a ro
mantic affection for an Impecunious sec
retary. When Mme. Le Brun assured her
that the man was merely attracted by her
beauty and was "without talent, fortune
or family" the daughter became so ill
that the mother was forced to consent,
giving her as a marriage portion the re
sult of her St. Petersburg earnings. With
in five years this daughter ceased to car©
for her husband, refused to return to Rus
sia with him. and lived a gay life In Paris,
while her mother was working on the
Continent.
She died five years before her mother,
and grief over her death, preceded by that
of the artist's mother and brother, so
preyed " upon the strength of Mme. Le
Brun that she died at the age of 87, after
a life of extraordinary energy.
Tn spite of the drudgery of her unappre
ciated servitude for others. Mme. Le Brun
was always generous and cheerful, lov
able In her old age as in her youth, and.
like her picture, always pleasing.
Note— The next study will be devoted to
Caroline Herschel.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Spring Term, 1900.
Mondays — American Political Par
ties.
Tuesdays — Twenty Lessons in
French Conversation and Becent Sci
entific Discoveries.
Wednesdays and Thursday* —
Golden Ages of Literature.
Fridays — Photography for Ama
teurs.
Saturdays — Biographical Studies
for Girls.
These courses will continue until
June 7, 1000. Examination* will \y
held at their close as a basis for th«
granting °* certificate*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 10, 1900.
CANNOT LIVE WITHOUT
HER HUSBAND'S LOVE
Mrs. Thomas Costigan, Finding Her Husband
Was Untrue to Her, Swallows Acid.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
CLOAK AND SUIT ANNOUNCEMENT!
HCLEARANCEM
Jackets, Suits, Capes,
Skirts and Wrappers.
ATTRACTIVE PRICES! RELIABLE GOODS!
35 JACKETS, regular value $3.50 95c each
50 JACKETS, regular value $5.00, $6 00 and
$7.50 $1.95 each
45 JACKETS, regular value $7.50, $8.50 and
$10 52.50 each
75 JACKETS, regular value $10 and $12.50
; $3.50 each
25 TAILOR-MADE SUITS, regular value $7.50
$4.50 suit
30 TAILOR-MADE SUITS, regular value $15,
$17.50 and $20, at .$lO suit
25 dozen LADIES' CALICO WRAPPERS, regu-
lar price $1.00, now 60c each
65 dozen LADIES' CALICO WRAPPERS, regu- .
lar price $1.50, now $1.00 each
45 LADIES 1 DRESS SKIRTS, regular value $1.50,
now. 95c each
65 LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS, regular value $3.00,
now * $1.75 each
50 LADIES' DRESSSKIRTS, regular value $4.00,
$5.00 and $6.00, now $2.50 each
C CURTIN,
911 and 913 Market St.
<l#sm>
MMB. LE BRUN'S PORTRAIT OF HERSELF.
Fainting
Spells
Always Indicate a weak heart" They
nsually follow palpitation or fluttering,
shortness of breath, irregular or inter*
miUent pulse. When the heart mus-
cles are ovrworked or exhausted theye
relax, the flow of blood to the brain
is interrupted, and unconsciousness'
follows. Should relaxation continue
completely for two or three minutes,
sudden death is the result The surest
and best remedy for overworked and
debilitated hearts is
DR. MILES'
Heart Cute*
I "My heart trouble began several
years ago with palpitation, shortness of
oreath and smothering. Then I began
to have fainting: spells -and would tall
over on the street or wherever I hap-
pened to be. I was unable to attend
to my business and dare not venture
away from home. The doctors failed
to help me, and seeing an advertise-
ment of Dr. Miles' Heart Cure I
boughUa bottle. The first few doses ¦
stopped the fainting spells and in a B
few weeks my heart was working all I
right" Esek Cown, ¦
Middleburg, N. Y. I
v Dr. Miles' Heart Cure Is sold at I
all druggists on a positive guaran- ¦
tee. Write for free advice to • S
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart; Ind. I
COLUMBIAN
MATINEE TO-DAT.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAT NIGHT
LAST 3 TIMES,
DENMAN THOMPSON
Appearing as Uncle Josh in
The Old Homestead.
Beginning NEXT~MONDAY NIGHT
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
WILLIAM GILLETTE'S
GREATEST COMEDY TRIUMPH.
BKAUSL-5tlllOWDIIIfl3O
BIG ORIGINAL CAPT.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLATHOUSE.
mOHE SOUTH 770.
"Wouldn't This Keep You Waiting T
Starting TO-MORROW, SUNDAY, Afternoon
¦ The Laughing Farce Comedy,
HAVE YOU SEEN SMITH
Introducing Comedians Who Are Funny,
* ¦— m m can sing.
C M M #» # .^^ WHO CAN DANCE.
BMW l-rf*^WHO ARE PRETTY.
SEATS NOW READT.
PRICES— Evening. 15c, 25c, BSc, 60c and 75c
Matinee, 15c, 2£c. »Sc and 50c.
Next— HARRY GLAZIER In a Lavish Pro-
duction. "THREE MUSKETEERS." Direct
From Kew York.
CALIFORNIA^ THEATER.
MR. C. L> GRAFF Presents
GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS
OF THE
WAGVER OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS.
MOXDA.T EVENING. MARCH 12, at 1:16.
DOUBLE BILL!
"DAS RHEINGOLD"
And "DIE WALKURE."
aOIE GADSKI a* Blerllnde and Bmnnhlld*.
MR BISPHAM as Alb-rtch and Wotan.
HEP.R ANTON SCHOTT as Selrmund.
WALTER DAMROSCH, Musical Director/
TuwdaT nlrht. double biII— "SIEGFRIED"
»nd "GbTTERDAMMERUXO." Wednesday
Bl*ht-OALA PERFORMANCE. Proirranira-
to be announced. Renerved scam-T&c, U. »1 SO,
J2. JJ 60. ft. General admission— SL Now on
sale at box office.
SHERMAN CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
MR. C I*. GRAFF Presents
EXPLANATORY RECITALS AT THE PIANO
BTMR- WALTER DAMROSCH on the
WAGNER OPERAS and MUSIC DRAMAS
™*™TcmA£ArmsooH at I*.
Monday afternoon. March 12. "OOTTERDAM-
vrrnrvO"- Frlcsy afternoon, March 16,
•^ARHTAt,": Saturday. March 17 . -"TRISTAN
A-DISOLDE." Reserved seats. SI 80; general
admission $L Now on sale at Sherman. Clay
4c Co.'i. .
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN «*.
Matinee ToDay and To-Morrow.
IMMENSE HIT
Of Rlce-s Famous Musical Eccentricity.
THE GIRL
FROM PARIS
USUAL PRICEB.
Good r»wr»*d wat In orchestra Saturday and
Sunday matinees. 2Sc
Brancb Ticket Office. Dntmrlnn.
Our Increase of Insanity.
Much discussion has been aroused lately by
the alarming Increase of Insanity. Our high
rate of living Is the cause assigned ." In the
rush ¦ for ¦ money. - both men and women neg
lect their bodies until the breakdown comes.
The best way to preserve health Is by a faith
ful use of - Hostetter"s Stomach Bitters. By
curing all stomach ¦ Ills. S this remedy prevents
nervous . breakdown. ' It. Is also an - excellent
medicine =¦ for constipation, dyspepsia and bll
lougneßs. ¦.-¦•¦¦-¦ ¦ V-. ,¦¦•--•¦
Y|"i-f. A /*C Located on Market
FA I . AL P, " tre «^ ;«n dose
. Z~ ,: Proximity to busl-
iUn ness section, places
A 1 1 U of amusement and
vi'wi • :«» depots: 1400 rooms,
if U A Mil : " w with haths at-
: Uit A 111/ >ched. The largest
. >¦".'! -*¦-..-¦>'¦'.¦ •¦ and finest hotels !n
I|AT»fJI Qthe world. Amerl-
1111 I |!|vJ= an and -European
,f£^i*,*~*"yplan.v-::Y •¦> ¦:- v* H
7Exchange, and Bullion. '
Sterling Exchange/ sixty days. . .'.' — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, .sight '— « 4 87%
THE STOCK MARKET.
net shipments of cash by the banks to the
Interior by express amount to nearly $2,500,000
compared with a small gain from - the same
source last week. This may be partly offse.t
by the registered mall covering. Considering
that the surplus reserves were below $14,000,000
last week and that the money market has
shown no other sign of disturbance than *
slight hardening In call loan rates to 4 par
cent opinion in the street Is prepared for some
surprising showing in the loan account in to
morrow's statement. The unruffled demeanor
cf the stock market in face of this drain on
the money resources makes it clear that loan
obligations on account of stock held are small.
Sterling exchange was heavy to-day in spite
of some small selling of stocks for London
account. The question Is canvassed of the
effect upon the New York money market of
the easier tendency of money in London, which
It. is expected will be caused by Government
disbursements for the purpose of making a
market for the new Government loan. Easy
money in London would Invite gold imports to
New York. It is worthy of comment In con
sidering the sterling exchange outlook that an
nouncement was made In Wall street to-day
that subscriptions would be received for the
new English loan. The reported initiative by
President Kruger toward negotiations for peace
seemed to have very slight Influence In the
market.
Bonds were dull and prices were irregular
In their changes. Total sales, par value, $L
MS.OOO.
United States 2s declined % In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
sold. bid.
2.181) Atchison 22%
13.1?5 Atchison prefd 65%
4.310 Baltimore & Ohio 61%
Canadian Pacific, ex div 94%
750 Canada Southern 98%
1,532 Chesapeake & Ohio 25%
420 Chicago Great Western 13
8.65U Chicago Burlington & Quincy 123%
l.oliO Chicago Ind 4- Louisville 20%
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 51
100 Chicago & East Illinois 93%
Chicago & Northwestern 136
770 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 106%
C C C & St Louis f*'*
2"0 Colorado Southern 6
Colorado Sauthern let prefd 42%
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16%
100 Delaware & Hudson 114%
170 Delaware I-ack & Western ISO
275 Denver & Rio Grande 19%
1.400 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 71%
Erie 12%
Erie Ist prefd 37%
351 Ureat Northern rrefd 1&7%
Hocking Coal 131-,
Hocking Valley 31
165 Illinois Central 112%
200 lowa Central 13^
lowa Central prefd 48
200 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 12%
Lake Erie & Western 20%
L E * Western Drefd 83%
Lake Shore 194
1.350 Ixnilsville & Nashville 81%
2.105 Manhattan L 93%
13,152 Metropolitan Street Railway 163%
T.OO Mexican Central 11%
&» Minn ft St Louis WHi
200 Minn & St L prefd 904
3,410 Missouri Pacific 45',»
I*o Mobile & Ohio 44ii
20rt Missouri Kansas & Texas 10v«
JOO Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 32' i
200 New Jersey Central IK
2.147 New York Central 132%
830 Norfolk & Western 31%
!42 Norfolk & Western prefd 74%
2.725 Northern Pacific 52 1 *
453 Northern Pacific preM 73%
400 Ontario & We»tern 23'»
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
SCO Pennsylvania 134%
Reading 1714
3.200 Reading Ist prefd on
l.lf«) Reading 2<l prefd »»"4
Wo Gramle Western '62
200 Rio Grande Western prefd s*o
100 St Louis & San Francisco 10%
St Louis & S F Ist prefd 68
St Louis * S F 2d prefd 34
410 St Louis Southwestern 11%
930 St Louis Southwestern prefd -23V4
12.750 St Paul 12O'»
622 Pt Paul prefd 122,4
St Paul & Omaha 106
4.972 Southern Pacific 37%
1.200 Southern Railway 13%
2,600 Southern Railway prefd 57"<,
Texas & Pacific 15"4
5.475 Union Pacific 4S>j
t>oo Union Pacific prefd 73%
Waba»h 65%
Wabash prefd 20
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10%
1.C50 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 26%
Wisconsin Central 17%
Express Companies —
Adams 114
American 142
United States 45
Wells-Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 22*-4
American Cotton. Oil prefd 93%
American Malting 5%
100 American Malting prefd 24
Amer Smelting & Refining 2S<4
410 Amer Smelting & Refining prefd.... 90
American Spirits 2
American Pplr't* nr^fd 1T
3,520 American Steel Hoop SS
American Steel Hoop prefd 7i%
4,375 American Steel & Wire M
225 American Steel & Wire prefd *o%
American Tin Plate 30%.
American Tin Piste prefd 80
9,810 American Tobacco 103%
American Tobacco pr«fd 135
1,900 Anaconda Mining Co. 47
14.630 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 66
300 Colorado Fuel & Iron 42"«
1,550 Continental Tobacco 28%
150 Continental Tobacco prefd 83%
4,982' Federal Steel 68%
240 Federal Steel prefd 72
100 General Electric ....126
Glucose Sugar 51
120 Glucose Sugar prefd 99.
International Paper £ 17%
120 International Paper prefd 62%
*>0 Laclede Gas "74«4
National Biscuit 33%
National Biscuit prefd 90
National Lead 23
100 National I^ad prefd 104
80S National Steel 42%
National Steel prefd 95%
New York Air Brake 125
100 North American 14%
Pacific Coast 43
.100 Pacific Coast Ist prefd 80
Pacific Coast 2nd prefd 60
300 Pacific Mail 37%
33,235 People's Gas 94
Pressed Steel Car 52%
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 83
Pullman Palace Car ? 181
S9S Standard Rope & Twine 5%
18.355 Sugar 97%
Sugar prefd 107%
7,830 Tennessee Coal & Iron 92
1.6J5 United States Leather 11%
488 United States Leather prefd .71%
3.330 United States Rubber 25%
United States Rubber prefd 92
1,246 Western Union 82%
Republic Iron A Steel 21%
300 Republic Iron &• Steel prefd 66
P C C & St Louis 63
248.000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS. \
IT S 2s reg!*tered...lO2>6;N-Y Central lsts...Ho
D 8 2m registered... lllH N J Cent gen 55...123 V&
IT S3s coupon 112 North Carolina 65. .117
IT S new 4s reg 13«H North Carolina 45. .106
U S new 4« coup..l3SV» Northern Pac 35... 66T4
V 8 old 4s reg 11"',4 Northern Pae 45...108H
IT S old 4s COUP...IIBH N T C 4 St L 45. .108*4
IT S ts registered. ..ll6HlNor & W cons 45... 93«£
IT S :* coupon 116*4 Nor & W gen 65. .130
D!st of Col 1.655. ..118 Oregon Nay 15t5...109
Atchison gen 4s lOIVb Oregon Nay 4»..;.102',4
Atchison adjust 4s. S2 Or Short Line 65.. .127%
Canada Sou 2d5... .106*4 Or 8 L cons 6*. ...11314
Ches & Ohio 44«... 97% Reading gen 45.... 85%
Ches & Ohio 55.....1U»i R G Western lets.. 9SH
C & Nor oon« 75... 41 StL &I M cons 55.111%.
C&.N S F Deb C 5.121 St L 4 S F gen 65.120
Chicago Term 45... S3H St Paul cons 167%
Denver &R G lsts.lOS StPaul CAP 15t5.119%
Denver i- R G 4«.. 88<£ St Paul C & P 6s. 120%
RTVat Ga 15t5.,102 Southern Ry 55...U09'
Erie general U 7C% Standard R tc T 6s 73
Ft W &. D C lsts. 72 Term new set 35... 95
Gen Electric In mi^Texas & Pac 1M5. .114
G H & S A 65....1C8 Texas & Pac 2d5... 55
G H & S A 2<15....107!4 l Unlon Pacific 45. ...105%
H & T Centra! 55. .110% Wabash lsts ...... 118%
H &T C cons 6«..H2 Wabash 2ds ........ 98H
lowa Central 15t5. .114 West Shore 4s 113%
KCP & O lsts.... 72 Wls Central lsts.. fd%
La new cons 45.. ..106 Va Centuries i»V»
NEW YOKK. March 9.— The f-'lowlnur table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows t..j bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ending
March 8, with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the. corresponding
week last year:
i Percentage.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $1,031. i66,Ml .... 18.1
Boston 124,403.210 .... 2.4
Chicago 141.536.171
Philadelphia " 51, 096,375 7.7
St. Louis 37,739,459 16.1
I'ittßburg 25.718.030 .... 19.8
Baltimore- 25,022,264 .... 26.7
San Francisco 20.797,i<26 7.2
Cincinnati 16.243,650 18.3 " ....
Kansas City 12,151,71H 11.9 ....
New Orleans 13,152,000 4V.0 ....
Minneapolis &.694.00* 9.2 ....
Detroit 8.C44.371 11.0
Cleveland 10.527.062 15. 7
Louisville 8.515.355 10.4 ....
Providence : 6,693.900 6.9
Milwaukee 6,035,56S 15.3 ....
St. Paul 4.156.298
Buffalo 4.532.473 5.1 ....
Omaha 6,273,667 41.2 ....
Indianapolis 5,600,814 .• 24.4 ....
Columbus, Ohio ... 5,292,000 15.6 ....
Savanrah 5.550.606 185. 2 ....
Denver 4,487,091 30.0 ....
Hartford 2.866.233 .... 4.9
Richmond 3.M3.316 31.4 ....
Memphis 4.315.993 93.8
Washington 3.105,8*7 26.5
Peorla 1.9U,7/i3 2.0
Rochester 2.515.9.-.4 2.9
New Haven 1,317,72-"> 25.0
Worcester 1,2!»6.353 ' 16.0
Atlanta! 1.954.383 28.5
Salt Lake City 2.299,773 28.7
Springfield. Mass... 1.251.040 .... 24 6
Fort Worth 1.359,4«0 .... 19.4
Portland, Me 1.M0.10S . . 28 3
Portland, Or '2,032.196 ¦ 23 4
"St. Joseph 3,793.104 - 47.3 ...'.
Los Angeles 2.272,534 24.2
Norfolk 1,374,245 32.1
Syracuse 1,059,143 10.1
Dcs Molnes 1.762,874 16.3
Nashville 1,328,261 13 9
Wilmington, De 1.... 896.213 12.0
Fall River 911,120 2.1 ¦ ....
Scranton 1,116.475 16.7
Grand Rapids 1.227.552 16.0
Augusta, Ga 1.569.824 128.2 ....
Lowell 159.301
Dayton, Ohio 1,161,031 28.0
Seattle 2,132,487 69.6 .['.'.
Tacoma 816,835 17.7
Spokane 1.008,086 .... ii
Ploux City 1,077.943 .... it
New Bedford 419.649 ....
Knoxville, Term.... 648,266
Topeka E59.121 .... 17^5
Birmingham 801,602 41 5
Wichita 630,452 22.1
Binghamton ¦. 375,300 13.3
Lexington. Ky 629,808 70.9
Jacksonville, Fla... 272.791 30.3 ....
Kalamazoo 468,331 43.1
Akron 461,000 26.6 ""
Chattanooga 468.331 . 43.1
Rockford. 11l 446,280 29.6
Canton. Ohio 239,200 ji'i
Springfield, 0hi0... 268.060 32 9
Fargo, N. D 324.578 .. .
Bioux Falls. S. D.. 162,783 .. ""
Hastings, Nebr 153.972 .61.4
Fremont, Nebr 210,710 14.7 .
Davenport 1.479.090 41. 5
Toledo 2,276.502 87.6
Galveaton 7.430,000 20.0
Houston 7,146.915 21.9 ****
Youngstown 429.385 13 1
Saginaw 346.675 25.3
1 __ • "
Totals, U. S $1,694,726,550 . he
Totals outside of •»
New York 602,859.769 1.0
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $13,140,371' . '•• ¦ 943
Toronto 8,772,545 .... jl't
Winnipeg 1.773.911 .... \'i
Halifax 1.493.652 ' .... 193
Hamilton 7CC.507 4.6 ¦
St. Jolin, K. B 691,028 17.2 *!!!!
Totals $27,914,598 \ -~~7. . TTI
Sterling Cables — 4 ff £
New York Exchange. - sight — «J»
New York Exchange, telegraphic — «*»
Fine Silver, per ounce... ¦— »»»
Mexican Dollars »a *•
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Chicago was easier, though a rood
cash demand was a redeeming feature. During
the past two days 450.000 bushels were taken for
export. The Missouri and Michigan crop re
ports were bearish, the condition of the former
being 87. Later on the market weakened under
heavy Argentine shipments of 3.2-0,000 bushels.
Com was firm, with a good shipping and spec
ulative demand. ' . ; '
The local market was dull, with a slight de
cline In futures. ¦ , _„
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 95c: milling. 97%c@$L
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l3 a. m.— May— 2ooo ctls,
97% c: 10.000, 97% c. December— 2000, $1 04%: 10,
000, $1 04%.
Second Session— May-16.000 ctls. 97% c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4ooo ctls,
51 04. ....
Afternoon Session— No eales.
BARLEY— The market has shown no change
worthy of note for some time, and is neglected.
Shipments to Europe thus far this crop year
amount to 3,185.000 ctls. valued at $3,106,000.
Feed 75c for No. 1 and 65®72Hc for oft
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 80®37Me;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Mornln? Session— May— 2oo9 ctls,
71*4 c
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls 71% c. .
OATS— The demand is light again, and the
market is easy and unchanged.
White' $1 10@l 30: Red. 9jc@sl l.tf : Gray.
$1 OlWstl 15; Black. 97Vic<8$l Co.
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at 97Hc«
$1 02»4 per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $I®l 10;
mixed. $I@l 05 per ctl.
RYE— 97 He® sl 02V4 per ctL
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 6003 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40®3 50; Oregon
and Washington, 52 7503 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade:' Graham
Flour, $5 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Ry«
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour, $7;. Corn Meal. $2 50;
Oat. Groats, $4 50: Hominy.. $3 2503 SP; Buck
wheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 73;
Farina. >.-$ 4 /60; Whole' Wheat Flour, $3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels). $6@7 25; in sacks, $3 759
7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas,
$5 60 per 100 lbs. .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay is very soft, and though there is no act
ual decline buyers can purchase on easier terms
than they could last week. There Is no Change
In Bran.
BRAN— SI2SI3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7#2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $15@17 . per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, J2C027: Jobbing,
$27 Eo@2B: Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal,
$23^23 50: Cracked Corn, $23 50021; Mixed Feed.
$15 50; Cottonseed Meal, $23 per ton.
HAY — Wheat. $7@9 ! for common to good;
$9 50 for choice and occasionally $10: Wheat
and Oat. $6 50&9: Oat. $6igB; Barley, $507: Al
falfa, $6(g7 60 per ton. .
STRAW— 2S®2Sc per bale. '
Beans and Seeds.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
The demand for everything Is light.
BEANS— Bayos. $3 30i&3 40; small White. $3 15
@3 25; large White. $J 90©3 10; Pinks, $2 50©
2 83; Reds, nominal: Blackeye, $4 30#4 65: But
ters, ¦ nominal: Lima. ?:. 13' aS 25; Pea, 12 TY3
3 40: Red Kidneys. $3 3*54.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, 4H@4%c; Flax, $1 90@2 20; Canary.
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9010 c; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 4®4',4c;
Timothy. 464Hc
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 5001 90: Green, $1 75
62 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
. Potatoes are dull and unchanged: Sweet are
scarce. Onions are flrm, and tbe next shipment
from Oregon is" expected to bring an advance
over the last.
Vegetables are steady, and there Is no ac
cumulation of stock.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 73®85c: River Reds.
73US0c: Burbanks. 50i870c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. 70c@$l 05; Sweet Potatoes, $2 2502 40
for Merced; New Potatoes. 3c. -~- '¦
ONlONS— Oregons, $1 75®2 15 per ctl; Xe
vadas, $2®2 25. • . .
VEGETABLES — Hothouse Cucumbers. ' 7sc per
dozen; Rhubarb. 7J<?@sl 50 per box:; Asparagus.
BiglOc; Green Peas, 2}4@sc per lb; String
Beans, s@loc; Cabbage, 40(g50c; Los Angeles
Tomatoes.' 75cS$l 23; Egg Plant from Los An
geles. 8®10c; Dried Okra, -12ftc per lb: Garlic.
-hifiiVic; Green Peppers from Los Angeles. ;
Dried Peppers. SglOc; Carrots, 25@35c per sack;
Los Anceles Summer Squash. $ligl 25 per box;
Marrowfat Squash, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry rules flrm, with a further advance In
young Roosters. Dressed Turkeys have about
disappeared for the season. Game is flrm. with
light arrivals. -.';-, "f"
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 11®12c for Gobblers
and 11® 12c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 73®2:
Goslings. $2 50<g3; Ducks, $4ga for old and $41?5
for young; Hens, $4 SOtJa 50: Young Roosters, $6
fr7; Old Roosters, $4 50#5; Fryers, $6; Broilers,
$5(55 50 for large and $3 50^4 50 for small; Pig
eons, $1 25<gl 50 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for
Squabs.
GAME — Hare. $1 25: Rabbits. $1 2501 50;
Gray Geese. $2 50(@3; White. $1 25: Brant. $1 75©
2 50; Honkers, $4 per dozen; English Snipe,
J2 50ig3; Jack Snipe. $150. . .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs are rather steadier under a continued
good demand, and prices are a fraction higher.
The range in prices is now narrow. -Butter and
Cheese are still In liberal supply and easy.
BUTTER— ... . - „ •
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 21c; seconds. 19
@20c. : •
Dairy— Fancy, 18<glS*4c; good to choice, 16H®
17V*c; common, nominal.
CHEESE-Choice mild new. B'4«9c; old. 8c:
Young America, 9ft® 10c; Eastern. 15@16c;
Western. 13'4«JSc per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 12Q12HC for store and 13®
I4c per dozen for ranch.'
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Three cars of Navel Oranges were auctioned
as follows: Fancy," 96 to 112. $2 80; other sizes,
$1 50@2 05: choice. $1 35®2; I standard. $1 05@l 45.
Lemons, Limes and Apples are unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—SOiS7Sc per box for common, $1©
1 B0 for good to choice and $1 75#2 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50s&-' 50
per box; Seedlings. 75c«$l 50; Pomelos, 75c®
$2 50; Lemons. $101 SO for common and $232 50
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5 D0@«:
California Limes, 50®75c: Bananas, $1 K@2 50
per bunch; Pineapples, $3 50@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts' and Raisins.
The market continues flat and neglected.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes," In sacks, 4®4Hc for
40-50' s, S{?3ViC for 80-80" s, SjJ3%c for 80-70*8.
3%c for 70-80*1. 8c for 80' 90' s and 2%c for 30
100*s; Apricots, ll®l2Hc for Royals. 12%815c
for Moorparks and 12@13Hc for Blenheims;
Peaches. 6V466c for Standards, SH©s% 0 for
choice and 7®Sc for fancy; Peeled Ptaches. 10©
12Hc; Evaporated Apples, 697 c; Sun-dried, 6a
sVie per lb; Nectarines, B@9c: Pears, 3ft©4%c
for dark and iS'Sc Jor bright halves: Black
Figs, 2©2% c; White Figs, 2@3c; Bleached
Plums, S@9c: unbleached Plums, 7®7l»e for
pitted and l%c for unpltted. . ;- ,
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 3c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. BV4c; choice, 7Hc; standard. 6Hc;
prime,- sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless
5(Mb boxes, Sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels 6%c
l-crown. 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; • London Layers'
J-crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. J3. All
prices are f . o. b. at • common shipping points
In California. ¦ ... -- : • ¦ ¦•
NUTS— Chestnuts. S@9c; Walnuts. B®9c for
standards and 9@loc for softshells;, Almonds
Ilii@l2c for paper shell, 9®loc for soft and 4a
5c for hard shell; Peanuts. s%@6\c for Eastern
and 5c for California: Brazil Nuts, 7U©Sc- Fil
berts. 12@12Vic; Pecans, H@i3c; Cocoa'nuts
$4 50®5. - r .
HONEY— Comb, HH©l2c for bright and 10HQ
lie lor light , amber; water white . extracted
7%c: light amber extracted; 7%©7Hc; dark"
Sy>®<c per : lb. - - • ' .
BEESWAX— 24©26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. : 9%c Vper lb for
heavy, 9%c for light medium. 10>£c for light. 12c
for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured ; Eas t
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13@lJHc; California
Hama,- nominal; Mess Beef, $12 per bbl- extra
Mess. $13; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork' $14 £o
extra'Clear, ,$l7; Mess, $16; Smoked Beef, lie
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at «%ig7c per lb for
compound and 8c for pure; half-barrels, nure
BV4c: 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins, 9c. '
. COTTOLENE— Tierces. . <T4®SJ4c per lb- 10-lb
tins. SVaf. .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
.With the return of good weather the spring
clip ; of . Wool : ought : to .come In right along.
Hides are 'still dull and weak.' There is nothing
doing : tn Ho?s. »' ¦
- HIDES .'AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
lOHOllc; medium,' 9H@loc; light, 9^gioc; Cow
hides. 9%c; - Stags." 7c; Salted Klp.'s^c: Catf.
0H©10c:-. Dry. Hides, sound.:- ISc; culls and
brands. 15@llc; Dry Kip and Veal.' l7c; Dry
Calf. 19@20e;_ Sheepskins. . yearlings. lJfc3oc
each; short Wooir 33@6oc each; medium, 70@30c;
centrifugal, 98 test, 4 5-16o; molasses sugar, 6%c
Refined, quiet and steady. • - -
BUTTER— Receipts, 2305 packages: steady;
June creamery. 18®23%c; Western creamery, 20
@26c; factory, 17<g2bc.- ;,V ¦ ¦ > >
EGGS— Receipts, 6426 packages; steady at de
cline; Western at mark, ,13@13Vic; Southern at
mark, 12%@13c. . . -
DRIED FRUITS.
Exporters expected Rome orders of fair vol
ume to-day and, ¦ together with lighter receipts
than looked for, tended to develop firmness of
undertone In the market for evaporated apples.
But as advices from country sources were un
favorable mey served to check any advance in
prices here. At the close, however, the market
was firm, - with the tendency toward a higher
level of value. •
California dried fruits were quiet and barely
steady, owing to liberal off erings - and a light
supply. Prices, however, remained unchanged.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
<H@s»*c; prime, 6@6V4c; choice. 7@7&c; . fancy,
7%ff}BHc ' - - -...,.; ••¦...'- • -
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3tf@7c per
pound, as to size and quality. .
APRICOTS^RoyaI, 13®15c; Moorpark. 15S18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 18@22c; unpeeled, 7!*#9c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK, March ,9.— Business in metals
was slack. Tin was very firmly held, but
closing quiet at $34 75, nominal, against $34 to
last night Pig iron continued to rule very
dull. Lake Copper was quiet and unchanged,
closing $16 25. Lead, $4 70@4 75, closed quiet and
unchanged. Spelter ruled quiet and closed
barely steady, with the inside bid reduced to
$4 65, against $4 70 yesterday. The official clos
ing quotation was $4 65®4 73. The brokers*
price for lead was $4 45 and for copper $16 50.
* — «
Chicago Grain Market.
Silver and Sterling Exchange firmer.
Wheat and Barley dull and weak. Other cereals inactive.
Hay very soft. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Very little inquiry for Beans and Seeds.
Rice shews some changes.
Potatoes dull. Onions firm. Vegetables steady.
Butter and Cheese dull and easy. Eggs rather steadier.
Poultry in moderate supply and firm. Game ditto.
Oranges sold well again at the auction.
Dried Fruits dull and nominal.
Provisions quiet and unchanged.
Rather easier quotations for Pork.
Less excitement in local securities.
Charters.
The Granfle Duchesse Olga was chartered
prior to arrival for wheat to Europe. 40s.
The John Smith loads lumber at Port Blake
ley for Honolulu; Joseph Russ, lumber at
Ol'ymria for t£al!na Cruz.
Our Account With Pacific Roads.
The fallowing figures show the amounts due
the United States from Pacific railroads on
account of Jxjnd« issued in aid of their con
struction: Central Branch Union Pacific. $J.
•::2 2X: Sinux <*lty and Pacific. J4.206.957: total,
J7.SiS.3S7. The Government ha* been reimbursed
for $:T7.236.51! principal ajid $31,211,711 interest,
being the total Indebtedness of the Union Pa
cific Railroad Company to November 1. Is9i.
and for the principal of the Kansas Pacific
Indebtedness, amounting to $6,303,000. The un
paid balance of the total indebtedness of the
«>ntra! Pacific and Western Paelflc Railroad
companies to the United States, under settle
ment agreement of February 1. 1899. amounts
to $44.1i*.;36 and accrued interest, less trans
portation earnings.
Our Cash and Debts.
The following is a statement of the public
debt and of the cash in the treasury of the
United States at the close of business Febru
ary D>. received from Secretary Gage: Inter
e«-bearir.g debt. $1,026.8*2.120; debt on which
interest has ceased since maturity, $1.20S,000;
debt bearing no Interest. J359.175.7C1; certificates
and trem«ur>- notes, offset by an equal amount
.if cash in the tr-asury. $720.204.253; aggregate
«.f deht. $2.137. 4.'.3.16.>. Com;>ared with the state
ment issued January 31 the figure* nhow an In
crease of certificates and treasury notes
amounting to $4.15J.6*i). and an increase In the
aggregate debt of $4,li:i,esn. The cash In the
treasury at the date mentioned was: Gold.
¦OM*LO: Filler. J501.772.165; paper, $69,735.
£2*: bonds, minor coin, fractional currency,
etc.. $112,4;7.6:2; aggregate. J1.097.437.640. The
ca?h balance in the treasury January 31 was
J2?2. 490,973. and on February 2%. J295.362.8J3;
rhowing an Increase during the month of
Si.fc7l.bK.
Salmon Fleet for ipoo.
The following Is a list of the salmon Uc-et
for IK* of the Alaska Packers' Association:
Tons.
Ship Servia IM6
Fhtp Pt. Nicholas 17*S
Ship Tacoma 1738
Ship oriental 16*S
Ship Sintrum lfiW<
Ship Bohemia 1G33
Ship rcrllpse 1594
Ship Santa Clara I^3*>
Ship Indiana 1W
Ship Llewellyn J. Morse 135"2
Ship Two Brothers 13>>2
Ship <;eorße Skolfleld 1313
Ship Or.tennihl 12*6
Hark Kate Davenport 124*
rtark Merom 1204
Steamer Kvlchak 1200
Hark rharles B. Kenney 1128
Hark Klertra *«
Hark <V>ryphene Ml
Hark Nicholas Thayer 5*4
Bark Will W. Tase 582
Schooner F. S. Redfleld 46?
Steamer President 377
Schooner Premier '307
Schooner ProFjHT 241
Steamer Jennie 123
Steamer Kadlak 114
Steanif*- Thistle 102
Steamer Hattie Gage 81
Steamer <ierile Storey 7J
Steamer A fngnak M>
Steamer K'fie Mi
Steamer Ella Robin's <-4
Steamer l'aciflc 63
Steamer Wigwam CO
Steamer Royal «0
Steamer F'nlar Bear 5*
Steamer Novelty 57
STeamer Reporter 60
Steamer Lillian 45
Steamer Aleut *8
Weather Report
<120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. March 9. a r>. m
The fallowing are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and nunfall in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, fzson. season.
Eureka COO 43.15 24.7s
Red Bluff 0.02 1<i.43 13.3*
Sacramento 0.12 15.1.7 7. Si
£an Francisco o.o<i 17.02 £.02
Fresno 0.00 7.02 . 3.90
Independence 0.00 2.16 1.15
t-'aTi Luis Oliispo 0.00 14.61 7.15
I>js Angeles O.dO 6.55 2.9 i
.^an Diego 0.00 3.12 3.73
Yuma 0.00 0.76 1.34
Fan Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
€.".; minimum, r.3; mean. iS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST,
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
!:<p«-ky Mountain region and has fallen slightly
along the Pacific Coast. There has been a
marked rise In temperature over the entire
country west of the Rocky Mountains. The
temperature is generally from 10 degrees to 20
decrees above tbe normal. Light rain has
fallen over Washington and Northern Oregon.
At Port Crescent there has been a rainfall of
144 Inches.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Port Cresrent, 26 miles. per hour,
from the southwest; Artoria, 38 from the south.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight. March 10, 1900 :
Northern California— Fair Saturday, except
In extreme northern portion where showers
ore likely: southerly winds In northern por
tion, northerly winds In southern portion.
Southern California— Fair Saturday, light
northerly winds.
Ne*-sda— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
Ran Francisco and \lclnity— Fair Saturday;
light southerly winds, changing to westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Continued on Page Eleven.
Local Markets.
h**L *"> lfl *<l **¦¦• »9H|V» Deferred 9tf
M X & Texas 2ds.. 66% Col & Sou 4s 53%
M X & Texas 4e... 91% Southern Pac 45.... 83»i
MINING STOCKS.
foliar 20|Ontario ....137
Crown Point 13,Ophlr 63
Con Cal & Va 1 50|Plymouth 12
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry.... 10 Quicksilver prefd.. 760
Hale & Norcross.. 25 Sierra Nevada 34
Homestake 50 00 Standard 2 95
Iron Silver 70 Union Con 20
Mexican.... „. 20 1 Yellow Jacket 13
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union-Land ....... 2
Call loans 3\W<hi West End 94
Time loans 4 ®5 West Electric...... 4214
Stocks— wts Central ....... 17,
AT& S F 22>,4 Bonds— .
A T & S F prefd.. 63% Atchison 4s „ §9H
American Sugar... 97>4 N E Gas&Coke ss. 70%
Am Sugar prefd. ...loB Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone 311 Adventure i%
Bos & Alb. ex div.239 Allouez Mm Co 2'/i
Boston Elevated. ..ll6 Amalg Copper 93%
Chgo Bur & Q.....123 Atlantic .....24
Dominion Coal 43% Boston & Mont 293
Dora Coal prefd... 11 6 Butte & Boston 84%
Federal Steel 48 Calumet & Hec1a.,727
Fed Steel prefd.... 72 Centennial ISH
General Electric. .l 24 Fraklln 14%
Gen Elec prefd. ...137 Osceola 69
Ed Elec 111 205 Parrot... 45
Mexican Central... 12 Qulncy ...135
N E Gas & Coke.. 18 Santa Fe Copper.. 6
Old Colony ........207'.i Tamarack 190
Old Dominion .... in Utah Mining 25%
Rubber 28 Wolverines 41%
Union Pacific 48%
Nezu York Money Market.
NEW YORK. March 9.— Money on call steady
at 3Q4 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 4'/4@5H per cent. Sterling
exchange heavy, with actual business In bank
ers' bills at $4 S6 for demand and at $4 82<4
for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 83V4 1 ?* 84 and
J4 87»4. Commercial bills. $4 81>4@4 82Vi. Sil
ver certificates. 6O';@6lV;. Bar stiver, 69TJ.
Mexican dollars. 47?ic. Government bonds,
easy; State bonds, easier; railroad .bonds. Ir
regular.
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON. March 9.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $300,346,022; gold re
serve, $239,469,020. • ¦ ¦
London Market.
NEW YORK. March 9.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Details of the war loan were announced to-day.
It is for £30.000.000 at SS\i, with Interest at
2% per cent, redeemable at par in 1910. Post
offlcec are not mentioned for the reception of
applications, but bids have been received at all
the London banks and leading brokers' offices.
The Drospectus was not issued during business
hours, but there was considerable dealing In
options at 2 per cent premium. Pronounced
success for the Issue is certain.
The markets here were dull and featureless
to-day. It Is expected that the public will
begin to take an Interest in the markets again
when the loan is out of the way. Consols
were up %d. despite the fact that the war
loan was due. Americans were particularly
idle and heavy in tone on overnight cable or
ders to sell. Paris bought Spanish 4's and
Tintos, but Anacondas relapsed 3-16 after yes
terday's spurt.
There was no gold movement. Call money
was easy and bills were flrm but plentiful. A
third of the very large amount due to the
bank was repaid.
The buying of sliver at the close yesterday
is reported to have been on a home coinage
order. Paris cheque. 22.2214: Berlin, 20.5 L
CLOSING
Canadian Pacific. 100&»: Union Pacific pre
ferred, 75*4: Northern Pacific preferred. 76;
Atchison, 23V4: Grand Trunk. BV4 : Anaconda,
9%; Rands. 37; bar silver steady, 27% d.
NEW YORK. March 9.— Bradstreefs Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say: Extreme dull
ness has prevailed In speculation this week.
The stock market has been bereft of : outside
support and there also seems to be an indispo
sition on the part of large. capitalists to en
courage any decided movement at this time'
Money has been somewhat firmer and there
is a feeling in the street that, until the cur
rency bill becomes a law and the large amount
cf money now devoted. to carrying Government
bonds for. banks which Intend to convert 'them
into the new 2 per cents and take out circu
lation against the same Is released there- will
be little opportunity for. any. Improvement of
a general character In securities. It Is recog
nized, furthermore, ; that ; a large r part of the
heavy increase during = a series ' of -, weeks in
the loans of the New ..York banks, with the
accompanying reduction of their surplus re
serve, . may . be charged up \to bond purchases
made by bankers - throughout ; the country." It
is also held by many. that the increase in the
national bank circulation,' although not likely
to exceed the $150,000,000 which the Comptroller
of the Currency estimates as Its probable limit,'
will have a powerful Influence upon the finan
cial and speculative situation throughout the
NEW YORK, March ».— FLOUR-Recelpts,
12,978 barrels; exports, '.ls, 4o7 barrels. Market for
spring patents and winter straits - held | higher,
with fair demand for the former. ; In other re
spects the. market : was quiet.' Winter straits,
13 4553 55. '. ; ..,-.!
WHEAT— Receipts. 47.200 bushels: exports,
32,631 bushels. Spot— Firm; No. 2 red, 76& c ele
vator; No. 2 red. 78% c f. o. b. afloat in store;
No. : 1 Northern Duluth. : 68% c f . •o. b.!- afloat
prompt; No. 1 hard Duluth, 80c f. o. b. afloat
prompt. Options at first -. were . influenced *by
very heavy Argentine shipments, bearish State
crop- reports and active short • selling. ¦ Subse
quently, they recovered on a scare of shorts fol
lowing strength In -corn, but .finally declined
under realizing and closed easy at H@%c net
decline.- March closed 75c; May, 72%®73Vic,
closed 72% c; July, 72V4@73 3-16 c, closed 72Hc;
September closed 72V.C. ¦ ¦:. ' .-'¦:
HOPS— DuII. ¦•;¦•' - - .....
HIDES— Firm.-
WOOL— Dull
• COFJS7EE— The • market', for futures » opened
barely steady . at-. 10@15 ¦ points decline; • closed
steady, with prices io<ff 20 points lower. Total
sales, 19,000 bags. Including: * March. $6 70® 6 75;
June, $6 75; July, %t 75@6 80: August; *6 80; Sep
tember,. $6 85; ' October. « $6 85; November, $6 90;
December. $7 10. Spot— Rio. dull; No. 7 invoice.
KVi® B?ic nominal ; No. 7 Jobbing, 1 8*@8%c; Cor
dova, 9H#l4c t .> - .-- • - - : ... ,-.. , :'¦•
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining. 3 13-16 c;
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. March 9.— A day of remarkable
dullness In the trading and slirht movement
In prices In stocks were nevertheless highly
FignlCcant in a negative way. There was some
Jatertst In Sugar, which recovered two-thirds
at Us dividend. There was pressure 1 against
Metropolitan, Tvhlrh fell at one time to 162,
n'nd Plttsburr. C. C. & St. Louts dropped 7>4
without explanation. Third Avenue. Consoli
dated Gas. People* Gas and «ome other «pc-
Haltie* recently under prwsure. Khowed a ten
<len<-y to rally on covering by shorts. Rubber
wet raided down 6 points and recovered 3.
There were sharp advances In the Linseed Oil
Ftorks and declines In Manhattan and Western
Vnion. These changes were quite independent
of any ronimon influence and reflected no fea
ture of the general outlook. But the fact that
the small bear traders were moved to cover
their shorts l»efore the close and the resistance
.to decline offered by the general list In the
face of notaMy weak bank returns which au
thorities Rsrree must be fared to-morrow ex
hibited very rtrlkingly the underlying strength
••f the securities market. Apparently the banks
will show a loss in cash by to-morrow's state
ment of about T10.C00.000. It had been hoped
during the week that the payments of pensions
would decrease the absorption of funds by the
rub- treasury and the fact that the last week's
rains by that institution Included the payment
cf a t2.C00.00A note to the Government by the
Central Pacific allowed that much margin for
a fawrable showing thl« week. Nevertheless
the rub-treasurr has taken from the New York
backs during the week as much as last week,
tbe total footing up $7,575,000. In addition the
Bank Clearings.
Dun's Review of Trade.
NEW TORK, March 9.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
A certain hesitation In business with shrink
age In its volume Is not unusual nor unnatural
at this season. It is not necessarily'disheart
ening, therefore, if business is no longer as large
In volume as ever, but falls behind that of
February or January or of the corresponding
week last year. Strikes in building trades or
of machinists and others ,at Chicago affect
many industries and the wages of 50,000 hands.
The remarkable rise in cotton has apparently
met the expected reaction, which tends for the
time to repress business. A few great cor
porations are striving to hold prices without
regard to present demand, hoping that the needs
of the consumers may prevent reaction and re
new the rise of last year. Wide differences of
opinion also exist regarding the reports of
monetary action by Congress.
Special causes are not needed to account for
some pause after a year of unprecedented buy
ing. That such trade could not continue with
out a cause is evident, as there is not the
speculation which threatened monetary trouble
a year aso.
The outDut of iron furnaces March 1 was
192,643 tons weekly, . against 298,014 February 1,
and unsold stocks increased 35,516 tons in Feb
ruary, making consumption 40.920 tons daily,
against 41.642 in January. Temporary stoppage
of four furnaces near Plttsburg.by a strike and
the • reduction of output of many . furnaces \n
blast, perhaps In part desired and in part the
effect of scarcity of coke, have supported prices
of pig and of finished products, the only change
being a slight decline In plates." Much busi
ness Is evidently deferred Just now because of
doubt regarding future prices. Connellsvllle
coke ovens are producing 219,221 tons weekly,
with 200 more ovens soon to be added, but coke
is hard to get even at $3 50 for furnace. Cotton
sold on Monday at 9.81, the highest point slrfce
January 10. 1593, when the crop suddenly fell
from 9.000,000 to 6.000,000 bales. A sharp reac
tion came Wednesday and the price dropped
3-16 that day and closed U below the high
est, point. While the demand for immediate
use has held goods strong there has been for
some time small desire to make contracts
ahead. •
Estimates of wheat In farmers' hands March
1. 1C4,000,00i> liushols, according to the American
Acriculturist, do not indicate a lack of supply
this year, for with 54,000,000 bushels in visible
stock? there is in sight nearly as much as a
year a:o, when foreign demands were extraor
dinary and yet the crop year ended with over
33,000,000 bushels In visible supply. This year
net exports In seven months, flour included,
have been 111.221,835 bushels, against 149,916,407
last year In February, ¦ enough to make about
125,000,000 bushels, . against 168,000,000 last year,
with po indication of a future foreign demand
approaching that of last . year from March 1
to July 1. Returns as to condition of winter
wheat are also satisfactory, but of late prices
have been very low and have advanced this
week nearly 3c for spot and lc for May op
tions.
¦ London sales, so long awaited by speculators
here to lift up prices again, opened with a se
vere decline of 7%®10 per cent, causing such
disappointment that much selling Is likely, es
pecially as manufacturers who have held out
of the market for some months have still I too
large stocks of wool and too uncertain a mar
ket for goods to be in haste. Prices had dix
vlously declined a little her*," but with small
transactions. The business in goods,, though
less active than has been expected. Is at fairly
steady prlcesvas yet. In boots and shoes there
It no change in quotations, though not an
eighth of the usual orders for boots has been
given and not a quarter for men's or women's
heavy shoes, while the demand for light shoes
has been the smallest in flve years. Shipments
on former orders have been less than in 1898,
but larger than In the corresponding week of
any other year. , ¦ :•¦
Failures last week T«rere In amount $3,482,827,
manufacturing $118,651 and trading $2,161,211.
Failures for the week have been 205 in the
United States, against IS2 last year,* and 33 In
Canada, against 37 last year.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
SPECIAL SALE
fe < AT "^
SWITZER'S STOCKYARDS,
12th and fhrrison Streets,
TUESDAY- - - March 13th,
at 11 o'clock.
60 HEAD BROKE AND UNBROKE HORSES,
from 5 to 8 years old; weight from 1000 to
16C0. - SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
ADCTION SALES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 10, 1900.
late . spring and summer of the present year.
Nor does Wall street give ear to the migges
tlons of a dangerous inflation for this cause,
but Is Inclined to take a favorable though
conservative view of the probabilities. Lon
don has continued to be a purchaser of secur
ities in the market, although upon a rather
moderate I scale. The announcement by the
British Government of the war loan Issue of
2% per cent for £30,000,000 had been fully dis
counted and there seems to be no anticipa
tion of financial . pressure In the foreign mar
kets from that cause. In fact the hardening
of money in London has been v«ry slight and
It may be noted that foreign exchange at New
York fell sharply, this week .on account of
the heavy offerings of bills against European
purchases of cotton. Railroad earnings con
tinue to be of the most favorable character. ?
CHICAGO. March 9.— The wheat market was
active, irregular and Influenced by two strong
but opposing Influences— the Indifference of ca
bles and the enormous Argentine shipments
against the strength of the Liverpool spot mar
ket and the big cash business here. The record
breaking exports from the ether side of the
equator and the indifference of Liverpool to the
advance here yesterday were felt early. May
opening %c depressed at 65%<f?66c. The selling
was ¦ probably a little too heavy.' for the news
of the spot advance at Liverpool caused liberal
covering by shorts. The prediction of a cold
wave was also an • Incentive : lor buying, and
as a big . cash business was reported under
way May shot rapidly up to 6C%c The bulge
was met with liberal profit-taking, but the sales
were readily absorbed at reduced prices.
The " close caught the market on the return
trip from 66«S66ttc, where it had been forced by
the desire for profits, and the close was %@%c
down nt 66%e for May, which, despite the fact
that it was under last night's close, was con
sidered , a good Indication of strength. The
cash business here was put at 290,000 bushels,
200,000 bushels of it for export.
The corn market was strong and active. The
opening was easy with wheat, but later there
was a recovery, nearly all of which was held.
May closed %c over yesterday.
. Oats were flrm, apparently In sympathy with
jcorn, but quiet. Shorts were buyers, and there
was a fair demand for shipment. May closed
Vt<@YiC up. •
The provisions market was quiet, but steadied
in sympathy with the strength in corn, and the
Liverpool advance in hams ami. lard. May pork
closed a shade higher. May lard unchanged and
May ribs a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows: •
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
March 65 65*4 R5 631«
May ;.... 66 66H 63 7 4 66«4
July 66% 67H . 66% 67
Corn No. 2—2 —
September ......... tt% • 36VS. 36 36i;
March 34' i
May 3:,*'% 33% 85' i 3T»%
July 33% 36 3314 35! i
Oats No. 2—2 — " ¦¦¦ -. ¦¦-•"' '¦
May 23Vi 23H 23H 23^
July 22V* 22H 22r 4 22}*
Mess Pork, per bbl-— ,
May 10 75 10 83 10 72>4 10 80
July 10 80 10 8714 10 77^i 10 83
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May .¦ ;.... 5 92V4 C 93 690 595
July ROO 6.02^4 600 6 02 \i
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
May 6 87,4 5 92H 5 874 690
July 5 90 5 95 5 90 6 92\j
NEW TORK,. March 9.— Bradstreefs to
morrow will say: \ Relieved from the hamper
ing effects of stormy weather general trade
distributions have shown a tendency to ex
pand this week, prices^ of many staples are
firmer and higher and generally there Is a
better tone than noted for some weeks. Easily
holding first rank in the matter of speculative
activity cotton early in the week touched the
highest level, not only for the, present season,
but for at least six years past. A sharp breaK,
due to" realizing, has brought the level down
again, however, to a point where new buying
by sold-out bulls Is Invited.
Print cloths and In fact all classes of man
ufactured cotton have sympathized in _tne
strong tone of the raw staple and the nrst
mentioned product reached 3V4c this week, the
highest ' po!«t for several years past. Com
plaints of backward deliveries of cotton goods
continue, pointing to the urgent demand for
supplies.
Wool is rather weaker following the drop In
prices at the London sale and the rather slow
demand from American manufacturers, who,
being apparently well supplied at present, are
content to let the raw staple take care of
Itself while obtaining a good market and fair
prices for the manufactured product. •
By i another one of the short swings which
have distinguished wheat prices for a long
time past quotations have been advanced this
week from the low level touched some time
ago partly as the result of less favorable re
ports from the winter-sown crops In the several
Western States and partly because of the ap
parent unwillingness of country holders to fol
low the market down. The checking of in
terior receipts has apparently been sufficient
to allow of the steady demand for wheat and
flour, and In a lesser degree corn, to be re
flected In floating stocks. Other staples also
showing reactions from late weakness are lard,
coffee, butter and cheese.
Among staples showing declines and weak
ness might be particularly mentioned sugar,
which is lower both- for raw and refined grades.
Boot and shoe manufacturers are actively em
ployed and leather Is flrm, but hides -are
weaker or lower at most markets. Building
materials are flrm, except at cities where labor
troubles are apprehended/ , •
Despite a rather smaller production In Feb
ruary, due partly to disturbances growing out
of weather conditions, stocks of some classes
of pig iron are larger, but no appreciable
effect appears to be exercised upon prices.
There is a steady distribution of hardware,
both light and heavy, at many points. : Among
other metals copper is firmer, the mainspring
of activity being apparently located In London,
which market is reported cornered.
The industrial situation Is rather Irregular
owing partly to the combined strike and lock
out of 60,000 building hands, building material
workers and machinists at Chicago and partly
to isolated strikes of small numbers of men
throughout the country. OnHhe other hand
especially encouraging features are found In
the iron and fcteel industry, whfre 35.000 em
ployes have had their wages further advanced.
Agreements between employers and employed
have resulted In a further advance of the
puddling rate at many Western works. Wages
are now nearly 60 per cent higher than a year
ago and for this particular class of work are
at the highest point reached in twenty years.
Wheat, Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 4.208.75S bushels, against 3,?63,
3SI bushels last week, 4.398,821 bushels the cor
responding week of 1599, 4.844,761 bushels In
1S?8. 1.539.482 bushels in 1897 and 2,401,209
bushels in 1896.
Since July 1. thin season, the exports of
wheat aggregate 138.579,386 bushels, against
173.111.655 bushels last year and 168,941,514
bushels in 1897-9 S.
Business failures In the United States' for
the week ' number IS9, agatnn 173 last week,
177 'In this week a year ago, 247 in 1898, 227
In 1897 and 252 In 1596.
Business failures in the Dominion of Canada
for the week number 33, against 29 last week,
37 in this week a year ago, 31 in IS9S, CO In
1897 and 58 In 1896. '
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 64% c; No. 3 spring
wheat. fs'/6c; No. 2 red, 6SH@69V4c: No. 2 corn,
34534Hc; No. 2 oats, 23U®23 B ,»c; No. 2 white,
2R.i27"4c;N0. 3 white. 25>i@26c: No. 2 rye. S6<®
67c: No. 2 barley. 37USM0c: No." 1 flax seed.
$150; prime timothy seed. $2 50: mess pork, per
bbl. $9 SSSIO SO: lard, per 100 lbs. $5 72H'S3 85;
nhort-rib sides (loose), $5 70©6: dry salted shoul
ders (boxed). 6Vi©6V4e: short clear fides (boxed),
$6(36 10; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gal, $1 24. .¦ : ¦ •-¦••¦ ¦-. ¦
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 48.000 48.000
Wheat, bushels 32.000 67,000
Corn, bushels..... ...204.C00 • 167.C00
Oats, bushels ...» 231,000. 132.000
Rye. bushels .7 4,000 4.000
Barley, bushels ....69,000 22,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was strong; creamery. 19@24%c; dairy,
184022 c. Cheese, firm, 12@13c. Eggs, easy,
14@14>4c.
long Wool. $I©l IS each: Horse Hides. « 25©
2 75 for large and 73c«1l 73 for small: Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, s@s'?c per lb; No
2. 4S*ttc; refined. 6Hc; gtease, 2HO3c.
WOOIr- '
Fall clip, San Joaquin plains^ 9@loc: South,
crn 8@10c; Middle County. 11313 c: Humboldt
and' Mendocino. 17®20c: Eastern Oregon. 13jj
l«c- Valley Oregon, 13@20c; Northern Mountain.
free. 11©14 c; Northern Mountain, defective, laj
lie 'per lb.
HOPS— «H®Wc P«" 1°- .
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. SS «5: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6%©B*ic: Wool Bags. »h«S2Hc:
Fleece Twine. 7%c.
RlCE— China. Mixed. $4 05t?4 10; Chins, No. t
$4 25@4 70; extra do. $535 CO; Hawaiian. J585 Zj,
Japan. $4 73@5; Louisiana. $4 50®7. ¦
COAL— Wellington. *S per ton; new "Welling
ton. $8: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle
$6 50; Bryant. *S 50; Coos Bay. $3 50; Wallsead'
$»• Co-operatve Wallsend. W; Scotch. • Cural
berland. $12 In bulk and 113 30 J a sacks-
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel. ju
per ton: Coke, Jl5 per ton In bulk and Jl* la
sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "There have fc»m
the following arrivals of Coal this week: Six
from Washlngtonr 17,193 tons; four from British
Columbia. 4900 tons; one from Oregon, 540 tons;
one from New York, 402 tons; one from Japan,
3600 tons; one from Australia, 3371 tons; total.
30,008 tons. The amount at hand is fully equal
to our weekly consumption, so the situation Is
unchanged, and there Is now a general filing
that henceforward consumers will have but lit
tle cause for complaint. Prices remain as be
fore; there Is but little anticipation of any in
cline, as Coal carriers are demanding extreme
rates from all coal-producing ports on th*
coast: hence, there will be no shrinkage of
values while the present schedule for freights
prevails, which It certainly will atl this year.
"Freights from Australia are softening, which
they certainly must In the early future, as thcr*
is every inducement for ship owners to seeic
this port, if the vessels are adapted to carry
grain, while the present outward freights su3
taln themselves. The present asking coal
freights from the Colonies preclude »hlpment.i.
as consumers can fill their requirements mora
economically from the coast products, and de
liveries are more regular, • and are assured;
whereas, there Is always an uncertainty about
the arrival of sailing vessels. Shipments frnm
Great Britain are Impossible, as coals are not
procurable."
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-ib baza
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. s*ic- Poir'
dered. 5Hc; Candy Granulated, J%e: Dry Oran
ulated. sc; Confectioners' A, sc; Magsolla *.
4%c: Extra C. *\ic; Golden C. 4%e; barrels. Mfc
more: half-barrels, V+c more; boxes raor»
50-lb bags. He more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos.
half-barrels, 5%c: boxes. 6c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The quotations for Hogs are shaded a frac
tion, as supplies are now ample for all needs.
The other descriptions are unchanged.
BEEF— <^4©7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL-654©8^c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7&@Bc: ewes, 7®7Kc per
LAMB— Spricß-. 10c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, STi'Sßc for small and me
dium and aHS^^c for large; stock Hoes and
feeders, »%©3Hc; dressed Hcgs, 7®SHc
Receipts of Produce. *
FOR FRIDAY. MARCH ».
Flour, qr sks 3.115| Hides, No n\
Wheat, ctls 2,Z*l|Esgs. doz 23 37i>
Barley, ctls 2.4»,Wine. gals 13,51 V)
Oats, ctls 1.3 M Leather, rolls +4
Butter, ctls 339! Bran, sks 7«
Cheese, ctls S3; Middlings, sks... 55*
Tallow, ctls 4M Brans, sks l,07"»
Quicksilver.- flsks 15 Onions, sks 300
Lime, bbls 911 Potatoes, sks 6^)
Pelts, bdls Ill' Hay, tons 374
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 4,W>: Potatoes, 5k5..... K9
Oats, ctls i. 6001
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 8001 Oats, sks 1,9(9
UTAH.
Flour, qr sks 4,0331
Family Retail Market.
Butter Js still cheaper. Egg* ar» dearer.
Cheese shows no change.
The fruit and vegetable markets show somst
changes. The summer vegetables are rather
cheaper. Apples are scarce and good ones ars
hard to find. Fresh Limes have been received.
Poultry and Game show little change from
last week.
Veal. Mutton and Lamb are cheaper.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel I 013 00 Seattle $3 60© .
Wellington .. ©10 00 Southfleld
New Welling- Wellington.. — — «9 59
ton —©10 00 Toos Bay ——©'I 59
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per Common Eg»»..12%(yi5
square 45® — Ranch Eggs, per
Do. per roll. 40® — dozen 15©59
Do. good 37%®— Honey Comb. per
Cheese, Cal 12® — pound 12S1S
?heesS>. Eastern.. 17®20 Do. extracted.. — itvt
Cheese. . Swiss 20©35
Meats, per Ib— ,
Bacon 12917 Pork, fresh. 15(320
Beef, choice 13&20 Pork, salt 12015
Do, good lO'cii; Pork Chops 15*31*
"orned Beef — 010 Round Steak 10<ei3
Ham. Cal 13@— -Irloin Steak .... li.'a—
Do. Eastern... 17%® — I Porterhouse d 0... 20®25
Lard 12815|3moked Beef .... 12215
Mutton 12®15 Pork Sausages. .l2H«2o
Spring Lamb 13<&— IVeal iZ9—
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 60® K" Geese, each.. .ll 233 J 5.5
Young Roosters, I Pigeons, pair 40050
each 73©90 Rabbits, pair 4OOSO
Old Roosters. ea..65@73 FTare. each — ©20
Fryers, each 63j?75 Wild Geese. pair..4o®6o'
Broilers, each 50i©€0 English Snipe.
Turkeys, per 1b...15<a20 per doien ..» 00@3 25
Ducks, each 60-573 ! Jack Snipe 1 JS«J
Fruits and Nuts — •
Almonds, per lb...ls®2o(L»mons. dozen 10320
Apples 4® 6|LJmes. per d0ien.12315
Bananas, doren... lo^lsl Raisins, per 1b.... i-tfii)
Cranberries, qt....— 4* 101 Walnuts, per 1b..— <313
Dranges, d0zen.. ..10#35|
Vegetables^ —
Artichokes, dz.sOc®Jl 00 Okrs, dry, per n>.— C23
Asparagus, 1b.... S@ls Peppers. rreerUb— <Q—
Beets, dozen 12£15 Potatoes, per lb.. 3"o J
Beans, white, lb.. &@— Sweet PoUtoes...: 4® S
Colored, per lb.. 40 i Parsnips, per dnz.l3'*—
Lima, per lb — — 9 S Rhubarb, per lb.. «3 t
Cabbage; each..... M2lO Radishes, ds bchs.lool3
Cauliflowers, each 5610 Sage, do* bncha..2s£«3»
Celery, bunch .... sy— String Beans, 1b.12019
Cress, doz bnch5.. 20(335 Summer - Squash.
Egg Plant, lb 12-315 per pound Ssl9
Green Peas, 1b.... 6® S Thyme, per 1b....20dx30
Lentils, per lb 6® 8 Turnips, per d0z..10'31->
Lettuce, per doz.. 150— Tomatoes, per lb. 8519
Onions, per 1b.... 30 5
Fish-
Barracuda — @13 Shrimps — <S—
Carp 12@— Shad — «li
Codfish — #15 3ea Bass .........— f*—
Flounders 12@— Smelts 20<»—
Halibut 20®— Soles 12®—
Herring 10@12 Skates, each 10013
Klngflsh — ©15 Tomcod 15®—
Mackerel .' — 2— Clams, gallon 50®—
Do. Horse — «* — Do hardshell, ICO. Wtizn
Perch ..- 154J- Crabs, each 10<313
Pompano — <S— Do softshell.
Rockflsh.. 13®1S Mussels, quart 10®13
Salmon, fresh' 20^— Oysters. Cal. 100..40^5ti
Do. smoked ....— 4*2o Do Eastern. d0z.25&*3
— ?
New York Grain and Produce.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- Mar. May. July.
Opening .5 10% 5 9<, 6 *%
Closing 5 10% 5 9ft 5 8%
' PARIS.
Wheat — Mar. May -Aug.
Opening 13 65 20 65
Closing 19 70 20 65
Flour — *
Opening 25 55 ?S 51
Closing .23 55 "23 70 -
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. March 9.— CATTLE — Receipts.
4000: Steers generally slow, except good light
weights; butchers, steady to strong; natives,
good to prime steers, $3 10Q6: poor to medium.
$4@4 90; selected feeders, $4 15®4 75; mixed
stockers. $3 50(g3 90; cows, $3iff4 35; heifers, $3 10
SH 65: canners, $2 4i>S3: bulls. j:tf?4 40: calves,
$4 75(g7 75; Texas fed steers about steady, $3 90®
4 90; Texas bulls, good demand, $3 25(93 75.-
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 32,001); estimated to
morrow, ¦ 20,000; left over. • 3000. Fairly active,
shade lower; top, 14 95; good clearance. Mixed
and butchers. $4 70@4 93; good to choice heavy,
$4 S."><"a4 95; rough heavy, $4 7O*<4 80;. light, $4 65®
4 W>: bulk of gales, $4 80@4 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000. Sheep steady, lambs
generally alow. Good to choice wethers. $5 50®
5 90: fair to -choice mixed. $4 75^5 45; Western
sheep. J3 4005 85; yearlings, $5 75@6 30: native
lambs, 'ss 50@7 50; Western lambs, $6@7 40.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, March 9.— The offerings at the'wool
auction sales to-day amounted to 10,209 bales.
Merinos were well supported .by Belgian and
German traders and ¦ American .. representatives
secured a large I quantity of Queensland Gee
long. The home trade secured ¦ the most of the
crossbreds offered. Prices. were against buyers.
Sales of Sheepskins.
LONDON, March 9.— Sixty-live thousand
sheepskins sold at auction In Mincing lane to
day. The attendance was small and competi
tion very slow. The home trade was the prin
cipal buyer. -.-: Long wooled declined • %@%d,
short wooled %@%d , and lambs and damaged
parcels %d. __[;____
Portland's Business. •
PORTLAND. March"*.— Clearings, $275,855;
balances, $48,«17. .
Northern Wheat Market.
;i.v|- • OREGON.
PORTLAND, : March 9— In the Wheat market
to-day -there was such, a slack movement that
prices varied considerably ! whenever there was
anything moving. As high as 53 : cents was
fiald for Walla Walla, with some dealers refus
pg to quote over 62 cents. > At the latter figure
there were also a few email sales of Valley.
¦¦• Foreign Wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 190,691 bushels.
. : ? ;¦ ,-r- • - WASHINGTON.
J TA COMA. March 9.— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed. Blue Stem,.62%c; Club, 50% c.
Foreign Markets.
, ¦ ¦ .¦. ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ~— ~~ ' ¦ : ..: ¦ ¦
» LONDON.' ; March S.-M^onsols. >101H: silver.
27% d; • French « rentes,! 87V4c ; - wheat cargoes off
coast,: nothing doing; cargoes on passage, quiet
and- steady, part 3d' higher: No. 1 standard
California. 29s 4%d; W.alta Walla,;27s fid; Eng
lish country markets, quiet.' - •¦- . ••
LIVERPOOL,' March 9.— Wheat, firm; wheat
In Parts. ; firm;, flour in Paris, firm; French
country ; markets, quiet., : - . . ¦
COTTON— Uplands. B 13-32 d.
. ¦ • CLOSING.; .
•WHEAT— No.' j 8 red ¦ Western Winter, no
stock: No. 1 Northern spring firm, 6s Id: No.
1 California, no stock.-. Futures, steady; March.
5s 10% d; May, 5s 9%d ; Ally, 5s B%d.
\i CORN — Spot, j flrm: American mixed new, ,3s
9%d. Futures, steady; * May, 3s B%d; July, 3s
B * d - • -•.•'.. . ._?__'•'
There wu less activity on the morning »es
¦lon of the' Bond Exchange and fluctuation*
were few. Ktlauea Plantation ' advance! to
$20 and Oceanic to $94 75. Giant l*owd.»r de
clined to *so. ste«s« »
The only noteworthy changes tn tie after
noon were an advance in Contra Costa Water
to $67 and in. Oceanic to iX>.
The oil stocks continued featureless.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. March 9— J p. m. •
Bid. Ask. » . Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— lEqult G L Co. l\ 4
4s quar coup..H4% — ! Mutual El Co. — i«U
4* cuar reg.... — 114% OG L & H.... — 50
4s quar rfw.JM — Pac Gas Imp.. S3 —
Ss quar c0up.. 110% — ' Pac LCo 43% —
Mu'ceMane.-ui*— „ S F G & E... 53% —
Cal-st Cab 55. 117 — San Francisco. ?*» S
C C Wat 55.. .105 — Stockton Gas.. 10 — ¦
Kd L it-. P tf*.'.fz» ¦ — Insurance —
F&CI Ry 68.11* 113 Flrem's Fund.226% —
<;enry-st X ss. — *S Bank stocks —
HC A S 5%5.105 110 Anglo-Cal Ltd. — 89
Do .%s .: 166% — Bank of Cat...4>i24 —
I* A Ry 55. ...105% — Cal SD & T.. 9»%100 .
LA L Co sa. — — First National. 23o 303
Do gntd «».. — — Lon P & A...130 — ;.
Do *ntd 55.. — 103 ¦ Merchants' Ex 14 "—
LA *P R 55.1fi2%102% Nev Nat Bk.. — — -
ilarket-st «5...12S — Savings Banks-
Do Ist, II Ss.HS '— " Get S & L..1300 —
8POSTUM CEREAL.
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Munyadi Janos
PREVENTS HEMORRHOIDS
and CURES CONSTIPATION
Hunyadi Janos
WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
Nome, St Michael, Dawson
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RI VERI
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT: >
FROM BAN FRANCISCO ~ ~S. S. ."PORTIjANI}~..ApTtt to. M»
FROM SEATTLE . :...:. .';..¦.......¦.. — '..8. B. "DORA**.. April 10. 1*»
.OM BAN FRANCISCO .........8. 8. "RAINIER" M*J Vt. 130S
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM HAM FRANCISCO .:. .*..... .'..... ..". I.'.a 8. "ST. PAUL." M*y J*U»
A Steamer Will; Be Dispatched Eiery Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sltka, • Prince William Sound,- Cooks Inlet,
. Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM 5EATTLE!.. ...?....... .......... ........ ..:.S.',&. '.'BERTBA;" 'comnuneta* April ttfe
" . •-;; .. . AND MONTHI.V THEREAFTER. *
- - For nrw folders, asps and further particular* »»"ti> fre!«Tit and panes*, apply to AXaAS- ;
XA COMMERCIAL COMPANY. 110 8»n»om« «tre«t. Ban Fr»nct»co.C«J. . -
." For B«*tU« sallinga apply" to CAPT. JAS. CARROLW Mutual Uf» BuUdln*. ftofttUOTaaa.
Materials for Street Paving.
¦A few days ago the Merchants' Asso
ciation sent to the Board of Public Works
recommendations that specifications a» to
street paving be changed co. as to admit
of the use of several kinds of paving ma
terials In use In the Eastern cities^ but
excluded from the list here. A notifica
tion was received from the Board of Pub
lic Works yefterday that the association s
recomm^nontion had been adopted.
MADE HIGH MASONS.
The Thirty-Second Degree Is Con-
f erred on Forty Candidates.
San Francisco Commandery No. 1. Mas
ter of the Royal Secret, at its convention
Thursday, conferred the thirty-second de
gree of the Scottish rite of Masonry in
the Masonic Temple on the following
named: Robert E. Allen, Herbert I>. Bag
ley, Nat P. Batchelder, Adam Beck,
Charles Bliss, John D. Bosch, William H.
Crocker, H. J. Crocker, Burnside Crcm
well, Robert K. Dunn, John P. . Ftnscr,
Edmund Friend, Fred P. Green. Fred
Gehret. Melvin E. Gilbert. James L.
Hawks, Max Hoefllsch, Julius D. Jacoby.
Harry Larkin. Hartland' Law,' Daniel D.
Lustig. Horatio Seymour Manning, Frank
W. Marston, . Duncan S. ; Murray, Simon
Myerson. Thomaa A. Nearny, Budd Noble.
Egisto C. Palmieri, Henry G. Pasquale.
Alva D. Renfro. Charles. Schleslnser,
Henry Schumacher, Herbert •D. Water.
Richard H. Warneld, Jeremiah J, "Wilson
and Henry J. Wolter.
. Those who officiated ' were: Frank
The Extra Stenographer.
Howard Vernon was yesterday sworn In
by Judge Fritz as the extra stenographer
In the Police courts, and at once entered
upon his duties. It Is expected that the
business of the courts will be no longer
in the congested state that has prevailed
since January 8.
MRS. DARNEAL IS
NOT RECONCILED
TO THE WEDDING
Her Daughter to Be Married
To-Morrow, but She Will
Not Be Present.
•ALAMEDA, March 9.— Mrs. Harvey
Darneal has not become reconciled: to the
marriage of her daughter. Miss Susie
Darneal, to Alan Bowen, and she, will not
lend her . presence to the occasion when
the wedding takes place to-morrow morn
ing in the parlors of the Unitarian church.
Rev. George R. Dodson- will officiate and
10 o'clock is the hour set for the ceremony
to be performed. Only the immediate rel
atives of the groom-elect will be present.
Immediately after the wedding the young
couple will depart' on a honeymoon trip,
and upon their return will reside with Mr.
Bowen's parents, 900 Union street.
Miss Darneal's parents, but particularly
Mrs. Darneal, are very much opposed to
their daughter's marriage to -young Bow
en. Mrs. Darneal i 3 said to be a stickler
for lineage, being herself .a Daughter of
the Revolution and descendant of notel
Southern families, and as the Bowens do
not claim to be able to trace their atock
back to Revolutionary times she affects to
have reasonable grounds for her objec
tions. Again, young Bowen Is said not to
be desirable because he is a member of a.
San Francisco firm which deals In wines.
The announcement of the 'engagement,
coupled with the statement that Mr?.
Darneal was making 1 every effort to turn
her daughter from her purpose, pet lecal
society, of which the young couple am
prominent members, agog, and the affair
was the subject for much gossip.
The wedding was first planned to take
place February 19. but when that day ar
rived the announcement was made that It
had been postponed to March 10. Mrs.
Darneal was thought to. have become re
conciled and asked that the wedding be
put off until a later date, but It has turned
out that she Is still obdurate. -
I haTe piTeu persoaal inspection to the working: of M. I. S. T. on the human system, and
Blast say that it entirely meets with my professional sanction.
, .' ¦ D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical Collef*.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter how loop standing. Any casr of Inflammation of the Blad-
der or iSalarpr d Prostate Gland, no matter if the patients hare been for Tears forced to nae
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
All cases of Impoteucy that can be cored, and permanently restore youthful vigor and
vitality. It is no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting. Will cure any case •{
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varlcocele. Will remove en-
tirely from the system Cancer and Caucerons Germs. . . .
In addition to the aboTe. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has enred many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Atazla. Spinal Trouble and apparently incnrable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S. T. bad been on the market for over 20 years, and has en fed thousands of suff-
erers. It is prescribed by leading physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to take and
¦¦¦¦¦^¦¦iIPH absolutely safe. It neTer increase* or diminishes the action of the
|l UM^ f* heart. If you are suffering 1 from any chronic disease yon are ur^ed to
Bl HP BPB write to us, no matter how manr doctors or kind* of medicine* yon
1 I I¦¦ I^B haTe tried without relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU.
'."/ . ™^"™^^" That yon may judge of the value of the Great Specific for yourself,
we will send yon one large case by mail FREE, only asking 1 that
whan enred yourself you will recommend it to others. Write confidentially to our medical
department, glriag symptoms. $1 per box. or alx boxes for tS.
Addrast M. I. S. T. Co., Toledo. 0.
REV. MAXIMILIAN NEUMANN,
O. F. M. r rector of St. Boniface's
Church on. Golden Gate avenue,
between Jones and Leavenworth
streets, will celebrate the sliver Jubilee
of his ordination to the' priesthood
next Tuesday. The occasion will be
observed with special prayers and re
ceptions in his honor by the members
of the parish.-
A solemn high mass will be cele
brated at 8:45 o'clock in the morning.
The aged Superior of the Franciscan
Fathers will be the celebrant of the
mass. Father Augustin will act as
deacon; Father Phillplt as subdeacon,
and Father Pius of Sacramento will be
master of ceremonies. Father Sera
phin, O. F. M., of Watsonvllle will
preach a special sermon. The interior
of the church will be beautifully dec
orated as on high festival occasions
and an augmented choir under, the di
rection of Professor Mayle will render
SDeclal music.
At 11 o'clock the school children of
REV. MAXIMILIAN NEUMANN.
the parish will hold a reception in their ,
new building adjoining the church, and In the evening at 8 o'clock a second
reception will be held by the^older members of the parish. Speeches will be
delivered and Father Neumann will be the recipient of congratulations. •
Father Neumann was born in Neustadt, Germany, on July 7, 1846. H«
studied for the priesthood in Paderborn and was ordained in Cologne. He
has directed the spiritual welfare of the members of his parish since 1894
and is beloved by every one. Ho is verging on his fifty-third year, but. is as
energetic as any of his assistants.
ARRESTS MADE IN
LEEPER MURDER CASE
Mrs. Brouhard, Her Divorced Hus-
band and Clerk Held on War
rants Sworn to by Sheriff.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 9.— The murder
of R. R. Watts, an Idaho miner sojourn
ing here, remains a mystery, although the
officers cling to the theory published in
The Call In advance of the other San
Francisco papers that his assassination
arose from the fact that he possessed In
formation damaging to the interests of
Mrs. M. E. Brouhard in the case brought
against her in San Francisco by J. M.
Leeper. So pronounced Is. this belief that
Mrs. Brouhard, her clerk, George W.
Odell, and the woman's divorced husband,
Charles Brouhard, are being held here on
complaints charging murder on the Infor
mation and belief of Sheriff Johnson.
According to the story told by Mrs.
Brouhard, Watts had been hanging about
her place of business, and she had given
orders to have him thrown out. She said
that he sought to have her buy some
mining stock from him for $50 and threat
ened that unless she did so he would In
jure her in her San Francisco case. She
said that Wednesday night, on her way
from San Francisco to Sacramento, she
supposed that Brouhard was at work up
at her Amador County mine, and she was
greatly surprised when, at Elmlra, he
walked into the train and sat down with
her. Brouhard accounts for this Incident
by saying that he had started from Sac
ramento to walk to San Francisco, and
finding that Mrs. Brouhard and Odell
were on the train, he decided to accom
pany them to Sacramento. The officers,
however, appear to believe that Brouhard
had gone as far as Elmira to apprise the
woman of the discovery of the body of
Watts.
It should be said, however, that while
Brouhard's actions prior to the discov
ery of the murder were more than sus
picious, nothing has yet been learned
pointing to the guilt of the woman.
At the inquest to-night no new facts
were brought out. and the jury returned
a verdict that Watts had come to his
death at the hands of parties unknown
to the Jury. -
WHEELER'S RESIGNATION
NOT AT WAR DEPARTMENT
Officials Express Surprise at the Be
cent Statement Made by the
• .General.
WASHINGTON, March 3.— The state
ment attributed to General Joe Wheeler
In a recent interview in San Francisco
that he tendered his resignation as an
officer of the volunteer army last Novem
ber has caused some surprise among the
officials of the War Department. It is
said there that If General Wheeler has
tendered his resignation the document has
not yet reached the adjutant general's
office. According to the records of the
War Department General Wheeler is still
an officer of the volunteer army and is in
receipt of the pay and allowances of a
brigadier general. In case he desires to
quit the military service to resume his
legislative duties the matter will be con
sidered by the President after a personal
conference with him. It is said at the
War Department that General Wheeler
was ordered home from the Philippines at
his own request as reported to the de
partment by General Otis.
TO STOP MAILING OF
PRIZEFIGHT REPORTS
WASHINGTON. March
tive Hepburn of lowa to-day introduced a
bill providing that no picture or descrip
tion of any prize-fight or pugilistic en
counter, or any proposal of betting on a
fight, shall be transmitted In the mails or
by any common carrier engaged in inter
state commerce, .whether In a newspaper
or periodical or in any other form. Any
person sending or knowingly receiving
such matter for transmission Is made
liable to imprisonment not exceeding one
year or a fine not/exceeding $1000, with a
proviso that the act shall not apply to
any person not engaged in the prepara
tion, publication or sale of. such prohibit
ed newspaper, periodical or picture.
Contest Promised.
Special Dispatch to The Call.'
WOODLAND, March 9.— There is likely
to be a warm contest for the Yolo dele
gation to the Republican Congressional
convention between Assessor Dalton and
Victor Metcalf, both of the same county.
Mr. Dalton has already spent some time
in Yolo.
Buckingham Arrested.
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
WOODLAND, March 9.— R. T. Bucking
ham, charged by Supervisor Snider with
criminal libel, was arrested in Washing
ton this morning. His bail was fixed at
$500, which he furnished. He was liber
ated by Justice Gill of Washington, .
Sam York Drowned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUBURN, March 9.— Sam York, the vet
eran stage driver of Truckee. was
drowned In Auburn ravine to-day. It Is
supposed he was attempting to cross on a
footboard and fell in. The body was aent
to Truckee for interment.
FINDLEY CONVICTED BY
SAN LUIS OBISPO JURY
Defaulting Tax Collector Was Cap
tured in Peru Through Pinker
ton Detective Agency.
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, March 9.— This
morning at 9:30, after having been out
all night, the Jury reported that it found
Samuel M. Findley, late Tax Collector of
this county, guilty of embezzlement^ His
shortage to the county is about $8000. The
jury recommended the extreme mercy- of
the court.
On November 17,' 1898, Findley disap
peared. Frank L. Gilbert, Pacific Coast
manager of the Fidelity and Deposit Com
pany of Maryland, who were on Findley's
bonds, at once placed the matter in the
hands of Superintendent Vannatta of the
Plnkerton's National Detective Agency at
San Francisco and steps were at once
taken to overhaul Findley. He was traced
as far as El Paso, Texas, by the, San
Francisco office and at that point the
matter was referred to the Denver ofneo
of the Plnkerton National Detective
Agency and so J. C. Fraser, the superin
tendent of the office, took up the trace
at El Paso. Findley was traced first to
the City of Mexico and then to various
places In Mexico and finally traced to
Lima, Peru, at which place he was over
hauled and. finally consented to return to
his native State for trial. .
Findley's first trial occurred in Novem
ber, 1899, and resulted In a disagreement;
the Jury stood evenly divided on acquittal
and conviction. The second trial has been
going on for the past week and has re
sulted In his conviction.
All credit is due to the officers of the
Fidelity and Deposit Company and to
their Pacific Coastf manager, F. H. Gil
bert, and their local legal representative
in San Francisco, C. H. Wilson, for mak
ing it possible to bring Flndley back from
Peru and securing his conviction. . .
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Special Plppatoh to The Call.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 9.-Secre
tary Wilson of the Agricultural Depart
ment to-day made his annual report to
Congress on the operations of the experi
ment stations for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1599. .The work of the California
statlon.pf the University of California at
Berkeley during the past year has been
along the ¦ same lines as heretofore, in
cluding the chemical and physical investi
gations of soil, especially" of the alkali
lands with . reference to ' reclamation.
Food Investigations have been continued
in co-operation with the agriculture de
partment. The income of the station dur
ing the past fiscal year. was as- follows:
United States appropriation, $15,000; State
appropriation, $14,114, and larm products,
viol* - ¦ '
Publications have been issued by the
California station during the year in the
form of bulletins entitled as follows:
"The Conservation of Soil Moisture and
Economy in Use of Irrigation Water";
"Orchard Fumigation"; ••Olives"; "Dis
tributions of Seeds and Plants." •
A postofflce was to-day established at
Cummlngs, Mendocino County, and Mary
E. Cummlngs was appointed postmistress.
Representative Needham to-day intro
duced in the House a bill to Increase the
pension of Abble W. McFarland of Red
lands to $50 per month.
At the request of Representative Waters
a pardon was to-day granted to Carroll
J. Ewing of Los Angeles, a sailor, who
has for the past six months been im
prisoned at Mare Island navy-yard, serv
ing a term for desertion.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— James R. Kelley,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $6; Jose
Wall, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $6. In
creßse—Patrick Carey, San Jose, $6 to $12.
Original widows, etc.— Special accrued
February 26, Charlotte A. Kikes, Los An
geles, Pi. War with Spain, original—Wil
liam A. Schmltz. $6. War with .Spain,
widows, etc.— Lena K. Campbell, Soulsby
vllle. $12.
Oregon: Increase — Samuel J. Bailey,
Shake. $8 to $10.
Washington: Increase— William A. Col
lins, Seattle, $6 to $12.
Estey Released.
Special IMspßtch to The Call
.PL.ACERVILLE. March 9.— The pre
liminary examination of G. S. Estey,
charged with the murder of Edward Weir
near Latrobe on Saturday last, was held
before Justice G. W. Irving at El Dorado
yesterday. The -testimony was substan
tially the same as that given at the Coro
ner's inquest on Monday last. At its con
clusion, on motion of. defendant's counsel,"
the Justice discharged the accused.
Launch Disabled.
PORTLAND, Or., March 9.— A special to
the Oregonlan from . Hoqulam, Wash.,
says: A tug picked up the' naphtha launch
Copper Queen -in a disabled condition off'
Grays Hnrbor to-day. The launch left
Rogue River last Sunday for - Yaquina
Bay with six-people, including two women,
and the storm blew the llttld- craft far
out of her course. :
Out His Throat.
MODESTO, March 9.— James W. Saund-"
ers. aged SI years, a native of Louisiana,
cut his throat on Wednesday last and died
at the County Hospital to-day. When
found he had been exposed to the weather
all night, and was unconscious until tho
time of his death. He was awoodchop
per and- of late had been childish.
• ADVEETISEMENTS.
RAILROAD MEN
AVER AGENCIES
WILL CONTINUE
Lines Will Not Be So Fool
ish as to Come Under
Control.
?
Report Probably Emanate* From
Some Scheme Vice President
Stubbs Is Trying to
Work.
The local representatives of the differ
ent railroads are worrying themselves but
little over the report that was published
yesterday to the effect that. their roads
had agreed to abolish all agencies' out
side of their respective territories. .If
this were a fact it would mean the closing
of dozens of offices . in this city and the
throwing out of employment of a great
number of men. .
As the dispatch read. . the various roads
were contemplating the closing of their
agencies here and giving their clientelo
into the hands of the Southern Pacific
and Santa. Fe to be adjusted and . dis
tributed in, an equitable manner to the
different connections of these two great
systems.
This report is credited to an interview
with a vice president of one of the "bis
Western roads," which was obtained in
Chicago. .The name, of the vice president
was not given, but according to the opin
ion of the different agents who were seen
yesterday, he is either an official of some
little jerk- water line who Is rushing into
print for the sake of reading his own elo
quence or he is speaking with the delib
erate purpose of furthering some .cinch
scheme of his own.
The latter theory is most generally ac
cepted, and the man who gossip holds re
sponsible for the statement is no less a
personage than J. C. Stubbs of the South
ern Pacific Company. The way local
agents construe the matter is that Stubbs
in speaking to some representative of the
Chicago press voiced what he would like
to ccc, and possibly what he is working
to accomplish, but not what will be done.
Said a prominent railroad man yesterday:
"Stubbs would like nothing better than
to have all the different roads close out
their agencies in this city and let him
manage their concerns. Nothing would
suit him so well as to sit at his desk and
say what this road shall have and what
shall go to that one. But his goatee will
have grown into a full beard before the
thing shall come to pass. - - ¦ ¦ •
"Do you suppose the managements of
the different Eastern and Western roads
represented in this city are foolish enough
to relinquish the patronage that they
have been working years to obtain and
place it in the hands of the Southern Pa
cific to be used as a. whip to lash them
Into line? Not much. The whole thing is
laughable. The Southern Pacific gives us
no -business now. We have built up our
own business and we route it over our
own' road. Would not our superiors bo
wise ones to turn over to Southern Pacific
control that which they have employe.!
men for years* to gather together? The
whole matter Is a cock-and-bull story and
not worthy serious consideration.
"Ac a matter of economy it.' would not
answer.. True,, many dollars, might be
saved In office rent and salaries. But
would that compensate the outside roada
for the chances they would be forced to
take? Of course, Stubbs would talk of a:i
equitable pro rata distribution of the pas
senger and freight traffic, based on the
business done by the different roads In the
last year or two. But would he keep to
tho agreement? As soon as some one of
the roads dared to rebel against the dic
tates of C. P. Huntington the attempt
would be made to force them to knuckle
under. Of course, this might bring on a
row, resulting in an annullment of tho
agreement. But where, then; would be
the business that we have been years in
acquiring?. Our roads*, would .lope more~ln
twenty-four hours than salaries will cost
them in as many years. You can safely
say 'nothing will come out of the matter If
it had any foundation to start with. The
interview is merely so much mouthing."
Bobby Dobbs Defeats Ahearn.
CHICAGO, March 9.— Bobby Dobbs was
given the decision over Shorty Ahearn,- a
local colored pugilist, to-night, at the end
of six rounds.
Farmers' Institute.
SANTA ROSA. March 9.— A farmers' In
stitute ¦washeldiln. this city;, to-day.-; The
principal speakers * were ii Director - ..Wool
eey of the California Cured-frult-Associa
tion and "Professors Fowler and. Payne .of
the State University. , The afternoon wu
devoted to a "discussion of the various
phases of the Cured-frult Association. '
Musicians Opposed to Darkness.
Delegate A. Dljeau of the Musicians'
Union scored the Supervisors at the meet
ing of the Labor Council last night for
leaving the city In darkness after 12
o'clock. The musicians, he said, as a rule
are detained at their labors until after
midnight, and then they find themselves
at the mercy of thugs, obstacles on the
sidewalks and other evils too numerous to
mention. On his motion, a committee was
appointed to wait on the Supervisors ai>d
recjueat them to restore the street tights.
The cloakmakers who were locked out
by the non-union shops reported that the
boycott was working satisfactorily, and
that several of the non-union shops w«jre
compelled to discharge quite a number of
their hands because patronage had been
withdrawn.
LIVES WELL
Since Adopting Pure Food.
A Jady 75 years old. Mrs. J. W. Ste-
vens of Cincinnati, lowa, says: '"For a
long while coffee affected my nerves
f criuusly and kept me awake at night,
injurr.ifc my digestion. My husband
was also ill with indigestion and stom-
ach troubles. We concluded that coffee
was the cause of the trouble and stopped
it, using in its place Postum Food Cof-
"h worked like a charm with both.
Husbands dipestion is now good and
he is in prime health. I was at that time
rhin in flesh, but since leaving off the
coffee and taking Postum I have framed
ii pounds in two months, and am now
my usual weight. The Postum has been
¦ great benefit to our family.
'The Grape Nuts that you manufac-
ture are most delicious breakfast food.
1 'induced onr grocer to keep this food,
and since we have been using Postum
three times a day and Grape-Nuts twice,
at our meals. I have never lived so well.
Ilusband is 80 years old and I am 75-
CAPE NOME NOT A
SUBPORT OF ENTRY
Through the efforts of tho Republican
Representatives of California in Congress
the attempts of certain shippers in Brit
ish Columbia* to have Cape Nome made a
subport of entry- have failed. This infor
mation reached this city yesterday in a
private dispatch to Captain Charles Nel
son, president of the .Chamber of Com
merce. - ¦
A short time ' ago British Columbia
steamship companies advertised to take
passengers and freight from the British
Sound ports to Cape Nome and the local
chamber protested by telegram to many
of the Senators and Representatives of
the West. A number -of replies were re
ceived, of which that of Senator Perkins
is a fair sample., He says: ¦ . . -
>1 received your telecram in relation to the
advertisement of : British Columbia ship-owners
proposing to tnke passengers and freight direct
from Vancouver and Victoria, B. C. to Cap*
Nome. In reply I would say that the matter
has been taken up with the Treasury Depart
ment and am doing nil I can" against the crea
tion of a new subport of entry at Cape Nome,
knowing; if it is done It will deoriva American
•hip-owners of the coasting trade - 1 that . vir
tually belongs to them, while -If -that English
vessels are obliged . to stop ' at Dutch | Harbor
or St. : Michaels . it will give our American ves
sels — and very, properly— an advantage over for
eigners. The, .. Treasur y". Department -.has not
yet' made -a. final decision lh the matter, but, l
am. very J hopeful ; that'., we- will be successful
In our^ efforts. .-,¦ , r . ;. . ¦; r ¦ j
V'Now-Jlt-. will'- be necessary; for foreign
ships to unload passengers and freight at
St. .Michael' or Dutch Harbor, whence the
remainder of the voyage will have to be
made in American bottoms. , t , .¦
ATTACKS PENSION SYSTEM.
WASHINGTON, March 9.— Th<» first day
qf the pension session of the House, pro
vided for under the new rule adopted yes-"
terday, proved a great success. There
was comparatively little friction, and
ninety-seven bills were favorably acted
upon in committee of the whole, and sub
sequently passed by the House. The only
Incident of the session was a brisk ex
change between Loud of California and
Sulloway of New Hampshire, on the gen
eral policy of pension legislation. In which
the former attacked and the latter de
fended the system.
HOLIDAY AT STANFORD.
Special "Dispatch to The Call. ;
-STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 9.—
The birthday of the late Senator Stanford
was observed. here to-day by a suspension
of university work. This evening fitting
ceremonies were held in the assembly hall
before a large audience. The Rt. Rev.
William F. Nichols delivered the principal
address of the evening upon the topic
"Character." •
The speaker was* an Intimate friend of
Senator Stanford and Illustrated his ad
dress by referring to the life and works
of the late. Senator in glowing words. A
musical programme was furnished oy
Samuel Savannah and Arthur Flckenscher
of San Francisco.
NEW YORK SOCIETY.
The executive committee of the new so
ciety called "The New Yorkers" met. ln
the Occidental Hotel last Thursday night,
and in the absence of General W. H. L.
Barnes, the president, J. P. Meehan pre
sided. It was decided to recommend to
the organization at the quarterly meeting,
to be held next month, that engraved cer
tificates be issued to members and that
preparations be made for the first ban
quet. , . - .
The following named were elected to
membership: Colonel Edward C. Hughes
Colonel D. E. Miles. Harvey W. Mortimer'
Courtland S. Benedict, Frank E. Smith.
Charles M. Nichols, H. J. Shaleln, James
McClure. Giles G. Crandall, George S.
Graham, W. J." Tuska and George M.
Murphy.
The organization now has a membership
of ISO and is increasing. Those who were
born In the- State of New York and those
who resided therein for at least ten oon
ppcutlve years are eligible to membership.
Colonel H. P. Bush Is the secretary.
RAILROAD MEN READY FOR
IMPORTANT CONFERENCE
OAKLAND. March 3.— Everything Is
r.nw in readiness for the general confer
ence of the local railroad brotherhoods
to be held in West Oakland to-morrow
night, when final action will be taken rel
atire to the Huntington relief bureau
pctieme.
.Leland Stanford Division. 255. Brother
hood of Locomotive Engineers, met to
night with the committees from the
trainmen, conductors and firemen's divi-
Flon», and also selected Its committee of
thre*> to attend to-morrow night's confer
ence. The meeting was very largely at
tended, numerous engineers from Stin
Francisco also being present. The ob
jectionable relief scheme was discussed
In all Its phases and the session lasted
until close to midnight.
The cor.fer«nce to-morrow night will
Blso Le "'tended by a commits- >t ihve*
eppcinted by tue Order of Railway Te!e
cra-iher* in San Francisco this afternoon.
It will r.iso bt the most urportant of tho
¦>-arou« met tings that have been held
durimj the *teK. since finai «".:! definite
action will be taken then and a committee
¦will be named to wait on general Man
ager Ivrmtochr'tt of the Southern Pacific
Company tc present to him their griev
ance m the rr.Rtter.
Rev. B. Fay Mills Accepts.
.OAKLAND. March 9.— Rev. B. Fay Mills
has accepted a call to remain another
year as pastor of the First Unitarian
Church at the salary of $35rt a month.
The trustees' call was formally extended
to Rev. Mr. Mills yesterday. - His official
acceptance will be made from the pulpit
on Sunday. •
CAPTAIN SIMS DIED
AFTER BEING RESCUED
Tipped Out of His Boat, Saved by Olaf
Petersen From Drowning and
Succumbed to Pneumonia.
Albert Sims, the captain of the scow
schooner Lizzie Theresa, died at the
City Receiving Hospital at half-past 1
o'clock yesterday morning and the body
was taken in charge by the Coroner. An
autopsy by Morgue Surgeon Iceland dis
closed double lobar pneumonia as the
cause of death.
The deceased, in company with Olaf
Petersen, his partner, started in a
rowboat last Wednesday night for the
scow and lost the pair of oars in the rough
waters of the bay. They drifted off
toward the . Intersection of Second and
Townsend streets, where their boat was
upset by a violent gust of wind and they
were left struggling in the water. Their
ehouts attracted the attention of persons
on the wharves, who rescued them -in a
very soaked and shivering condition.
Captain Sims collapsed as soon as
he was brought ashore, and he was taken
to the City Receiving Hospital, where he
afterward died.
Only for Petersen Captain Sims would
have drowned before both men were
reached by their rescuers. The deceased
could not ewim and Petersen held him up
and swam with him for several hundred
yards. .
BROKER SMITH LOST
SHINING TWENTIES
While' His Clerk Was Talking With
the Confederate the Sneakthief
Went Behind the Counter.
F. M. Smith, a broker doing business at
316 Montgomery street, reported to the
police yesterday morning that he had been
the victim of a sneakthlef, and that, the
experience had cost him $400 in twenty
dollar pieces, which was the sum taken
away by the thief.
At the rear of Mr, Smith's office a door
leads to Pauper Alley, and It was through
this door that. Mr. Smith says, the thief
came. The broker's aged clerk, M. W.
Weston, was the only person in the office
Just before the thief and his confederate
entered, and Mr. Smith was upstairs.
Lee D. Craig, a Notary Public, has a
desk in the office, but he was absent at
the time, it being 8:35 o'clock in the morn
ing. At that hour a man came in with a
cent piece having an eagle on the reverse
side, which coin the stranger said was
worth $40. He asked Weston ¦ whether
such was the fact, and while Weston was
examining the coin and talking with the
man the thief came in by the back door
from Pauper Alley, sneaked behind the
counter to a. tray of gold twenty-dollar
pieces.took as many as he could carry In
both hands and sneaked back again. As
he was going through the swinging: door
leading from the office back of the coun
ter Weston caught sight of him, and was
so much astonished- that he was stricken
speechless. The thief ran into Pauper Al
ley. Weston yelled for the police, who. at
the time were maintaining quarantine in
Chinatown, and the man with the precious
cent ran out of the front door into Mont
gomery street, leaving not a scent behind
for the detectives to work upon. Mr.
Weston described the man with the cent
as being, a rather hard looking customer,
with light complexion and a black Derby
hat and coat. The thief wore a reddish
brown sack coat and • vest, with gray
pants and a black stiff-rimmed highbinder
hat.
IMPORTANT DECISION
IN BANKRUPTCY CASE
-United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday denied the petition of Julius
Wolff for a discharge in bankruptcy, and
dismissed the application without preju
dice. - ¦ ¦¦
In rendering his decision Judge do
Haven said that a bankrupt has at any
-time after the expiration . of one month
and within twelve months subsequent to
being adjudged a bankrupt the absolute
right to file his application for a dls-.
charge. If the applicant has not filed
within that period and it should be mada
to appear to the Judge that. the bankrupt
was unavoidably prevented; from filing It
within such time, it may be filed within,
but not after, the next six months. Wolff's
petition was not filed until sixteen months
after adjudication.
DEBS HEADS THE TICKET
OF SOCIAL DEMOCRATS
Nominated for President With Job
Harrixnan of California as His
Running Mate.
INHIANAPOLIS. March 9.— For Presi
dent. Eujrene- V. Debs of Indiana; for
Vice President, Job Harriman of Cali
fornia.
This is the national ticket of the Social
Pemocratic party, which will absorb the
Hflquit-Harriman faction of the Socialist
Labor party by agreement. The Social
l.'emocrats were happy to-day. They say
the candidacy of Deba will attract hun
dreds of thousands of voters to their
party. They profess to »=ee the beginning
of a great national victory.
The convention In agreeing to unite with
the Socialist Labor faction retains the
party nam»>— Social Democratic party.
The candidates and the. amalgamation are
to he approved by a" majority of each
party according to th«» referendum.
Mr. Debs had previously refused to ac
cept the nomination, but finally suc
cumbs! to persuasion. It seems from the
explanations of friends that Debs has
h<*r-n applying his earnings to the extinc
tion «{ a debt against the American Rail
way V'nion and that he did not want to
c*aa*e until the d»bt was paid. The debt
amounted to several thousand dollars.
Debs received assurances that the debt
w«uld be taken off and that he would
rf-r^ive a rest of three months before en
tering the Presidential canvass.
At thfs morning's session of the con
vention the nominations of Debs and Har
riman w<Tf confirmed.
BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS
MAKES APPOINTMENTS
W. J. White Is Now Cashier of Street
Bureau — Other Employes
Dismissed.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
wielded the ax, and as a consequence a
number of employes suffered official de
capitation and their successors were se
lected from among those who are sup
posed to stand well with the present ad
ministration. . . ¦
The most important appointment was
that of- W. J. White, who- wa.«r mad«*
cashier of the Bureau of Streets at a sal
ary of $125 per month, to succeed James
de Succa, who was accommodating
enough to resign.
The following were also appointed in
the Bureau of Streets for sixty days, to
succeed others who were dismissed:
Charles J. Gallagher, field atslxtant. $125; J.
J. Donovan, teamMer (double team), $4 50 per
day; teamFtern, 13 50 per day— J. 1.. Egan, Alex
ander O'Brien. James Fahy, Matthew Tlerney.
J. W. Cramer. M. C. McGrath; James Rlor
ian. foreman. 14 per day: James Lynch, paver,
M: John MeGee. paver, J4; Tim Lone, ramaaer,
t3; Al Dowlm*. rammer, 13; underground, $4 per
day— Stephen Pod»»ta. Charles Oardella. T. C.
Kelly. Jame* Flaherty. James Kilday. Jameg
Hunter, Alexander Eftellito; windlass, 12 50 per
day— Peter Sheridan. Thomas Haynes. Joseph
rarrlck, Dave Atkinson, William Wlnthrop.
H«nry Pandrock, William Lynch: Fred Hadley,
bricklayer. $5; George Kelly, bricklayer, $5.
Koenlg-. commander: Fred W. .G. Moebus,
first lieutenant commander; Frank B.
Ladd. second lieutenant commander.
Charles E. Green... chancellor; Henry A.
Cllne, secretary of state; William ,S..
Moses, almoner; George J. Hobe. regis
trar;- Samuel W. Levy, treasurer; He.iry
Bruner.'prelate; Henry Ascroft. master of
ceremonies; Henry J. Grauerholz, s?nl'»r
expert: W. C. Hacke, Junior expert: Peter
C. Miller, captain of the guard; Harry.
Holies, steward, and John d'Arcy. sen
tinel. There were present about thro*
hundred members of the order, and after
the ceremony there was a banquet and
speeches. . . . . .
Greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
No. 2. M. 1. S. T. No. 2.
SILVER JUBILEE OF THE
REGTOR OF ST. BONIFACE
REINFORCEMENTS
ARE HURRIED TO
YOUNG AND HOOD
Rebels Make an Attack on
Aparri, but Are Driven
Away.
Spanish Prisoners Report That In
surgents Under Legaspi Have
Divided Into Small Bands
. in the Mountains.
«
MANILA. March 9.-Generals Young
and Hood are asking for reinforcements,
and a battalion of the Forty-eighth will
be sent to Aparri. Other troop*? will fol
low. The rebels recently persistently at
tacked Aparr* for several hours, but wen
finally driven away. Details of the affair
are lacking.
The rebels are holding reunions in the
province of North llocos. and the Red
Katipunan cross, symbolic of resistance,
is again appearing among the natives.
It is believed that the insurgent gener
ais, Tlnlo and Florhes. have been driven
by General Youne Into General Hood's
ttrrltory. soith of Aparri.
The fact that General Young Is unable,
owing to lack of troops, to maintain gar
risons in all the towns occupied has had
a bad effect on the natives.
General Bates has returned here after
leaving garrisons in the provinces of
North and South Camaiines. The expedi
tion lost seven men killed and ten wound
ed. On entering New Caceres, province
of South Camarlnes, General Bates
learned that 2000 insurgents had departed
the same day. The Americans imme
diately sent out three pursuing columns,
encountering the enemy in three email
engagements and killing a total of forty
men.
The Spanish prisoners report that the
enemy has divided into small bands in
the mountains under the leadership of
General Legaspl. The town of Irlga has
been burned by the enemy. Both prov
inces were thoroughly scouted. The in
habitants of the district of LibniAiian. in
cluding Abella, the Provincial Governor,
and other officials, are returning to their
homes. Abella has issued a proclamation
calling upon the natives to submit to the
Americans.
The liberated priests from New Caceres
report that the insurgents killed sixty
eight Chinese and forty Spaniards at the
town of Calabanga. It is estimated that
there are 100,000 bales of hemp in tho
Camarlnes provinces. Twelve hun
dred well-armed insurgents, formerly of
Cavite province, with a Chinese colonel in
command, surround the towns of Albany
and Legaspi. They have effected three
night attacks, and continually cimeu tb<j
Forty-seventh Regiment, which has . lost
eight men killed and twenty wounded in
defending- these towns.
WASHINGTON. March 9.— The War De
partment has received the following:
"MANILA. March 9.— Adjutant General.
Washington: One officer, sixty enlisted
men, two civil officials and captured Span
ish prisoners were received to-day from
Tayabas. OTIS."
THE SAN FRAXCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 10, 1900.
WILL CONDUCT
A CRUSADE FOR
CITY REFORMS
Rev. Mr. Sheldon's Policy
for His Week of
Editorship.
Advance Assignments Given to Re
porters by the Minister Who "Will
Conduct a Newspaper as
Christ Would.
TOF£KA. Kans., March 9.— Although
Ser. Charles M. Sheldon continues to
maintain :ibsolute silence In regard to his
plans :n edit'ng the Topeka Capital next
•week several significant facts came to th«
surface to-dey which tend to indicate
whet ills policy will be.
R«v. Mr. Sheldon to-day made several
advance assignments to Capital reporters,
one reporter wa*. instructed to locate «nJ
secure the naxue of the proprietor ot
e\ery joint and sampling den in town, also
the houses of ill fame. Although Dr. Shel
don refuses to diecuss the matter it Is
practically certain that he Intends to in
stitute a crusi.de arainat theee people in
his Christian daily next week. There are
V ver }^ irl >" Peaces in Topeka where liquor
!s sold contrary to the prohibition law.
nearly a doztn gambling houses art- doing
an open business. It is charged that all
such resort* ar© "assesoed" monthly by
the police, and It Is believed by Rev. Mr.
fcneldon'B friends that he is preparing to
institute a general crusade for municipal
reform. ¦ .
About a year ago Rev. Mr. Eheldon dus
rulsed himself as a labcrlng man. went
*nto a drugstore and bought a bottle of
beer. The following S-.tnday he took th«
beer Into his pulpit and preached a sen
sational 6ermon on how the prohibitory
law was being violated. On his testimony
the druggist was convicted and sentenced
to several months in Jail.
Another reporter for the Capital was to-
Gay assigned to write an article on the
political situation in Kansas, dwel'dng es
pecially on "ring rule." "bosslsm" and
•machine methods in Kansas politics."
Another reporter was assigned to investi
gate into the workings and cost of the
Topeka city government. The reporters
were Instructed to have their material in
ha^id by the beginning of next week.
Rev. Mr. Sheldon during the past few
days has epent a great deal of time in the
Capital office familiarizing himself. with
the details of the various departments,
frequently remaining at the office until
after midnight- He knows how many
words can be put in a column story and
now long It takes to set a column or page
of stuff. He has Informed himself about
the news sources of the city and State,
learned when the Associated Press reports
come in and the quantity of matter trans
mitted. The regular news writers of the
Capital who will work under Mr. Shel
don's dictation have no idea what they
will he called upon to do except as indi
cated by the assignments to-day. He has
had two conferences with them for the
purpose of learning the routine of the re
porters' dally grind. At these meetings
Mr. Sheldon asked a great many ques
tions and to all replies t-aid "Yes" and "I
Me/* tic. but did not give out much in
formation ropardinp his plans.
9SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
ntTSIXESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco
Call, rorner cf Market and Third streets, open
or !t!l 32 o'clock every ntgbt In the year.
BRANCH OFFICE*}— 627 Montgomery street,
eorrj'r Clay: open »'*tll 9:30 p. m.
too Hay^s street: open until *:*> p. m.
C3J McAllister «r*et; open until 'S:*o p. m.
»I 5 Larkln ttreef. open until 9:30 p. m. •
IMI Misrion rtreet; cpen until 10 p. m.
Jtel Mrrket street, corner Sixteenth: opes
rm!) ( p. m.
306 Eleventh rtreet: open until > p. 88.
1096 Valencia street; op*-n until J p. m.
:*23 Po'.k street: open until » p. m.
N'ortfcw— t corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tack v ft~»et»: open until 9 P. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and A. •
M — Called mwttng THIS (SATUR- Jk
HKHMANN Lodre No. 127, F. and A. «
M.— Called meeting on SUNDAY, , J*
March 11. 1900. at 1 o'clock p. m.. at the ~_/\
Masonic Temple, for the funeral ef our ' "
rieo-ased brother, JULIUS LEVY. By order
of Uae \V. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Encampment No. 1. I. O. «\ ja
¦ O. F.. meet* THIS (SATURDAY)* y^
EVKNING in Encampment Hall. Royal yX
Purple and Social degrees will be con-^ X
{ erred. WM. E. DUBOIS, C. P.
H. C. GEORGE. Scribe.
EXCELSIOK Degree Lodge No. 2, <gj^__j>
I O O F. — Regular meeting: •s#s_?s£='
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. =»sB^?
First oerree. :*_**„
A. K. KlNGSFOR_________
GERMAN! A Lodge No. 116. I. O. Jt j«£3S'*,.
O. F.— The funeral committee. S^ *s£=
' officers and members of the above •ajhuSuiS^"
lodge are invited to attend the ///iIVN
funeral of our late brother. JULIUS LEVY,
from I. O. O. F. Hall. cor. Market and Sev-
enth sts.. SUNDAY, at 12 o'clock. March 11.
A. WAGNER. K. G.
EMIL NIE— EIER, R. S.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual *»_«»
meeting cf the rtockholders In the A. _T
O. F. Hall Association of Ean Fran- W\
Cisco will b<i held In Excelsior Hall. A. *->
O. F. building. 102 O'Farrell st., San Fran-
deco, Cal.. on SATURDAY, the 10th day of
March. ISOO. at 7:30 p. m .
D. E. BESECKER. President.
J. FALCONER. Secretary.
NOTlCE— lnternational Bricklayers' Union
No 1 of California meets EVERY MONDAY
in The Temple. 117 Turk St.; hall open every
day between 9 and E; all I. U. men invited;
charter ojp«>n for 30 days; contractors or build-
ers wanting men Inquire at hall.
W. D. PICKENS, President.
WILLIAM KLEIN. NICHOLAS DUGAN.
WILLIAM J. PHEEDY. I. V. Committee.
MEETINGS SUNDAY.
EWAMT VrVEKANANDA. the Hindu phllo-
F.pph". will F-xak at Golden Gate Hall. 623
Putter rt.. at 11 a. m.; subject. '"Christ's Mes-
Fage to che World"; admission free. The
Swami will give a course of lectures on
'"ArrMed Psychology" at Washington Hall.
2TO Post St., Tuesday. March 13; Thursday.
March 15. and Friday. March 16. at S p. m.
Single lecture, 60 cents; course, $1.
AGFVTS WAVTED.
"WANTED — First-class agents to Introduce
newly patented gaj-den trowel; good nattes
guaranteed. Particulars at 1006 Webster St.,
Oakland.
AGENTS everywhere to sell Mrs. Webb's CaL
Complexion soap. Add. Bell & Co., 6 Eddy.
LADIES — Agents; something new. 602 Geary
ft.. P?.n Franci*ce.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. a. MASERY of Egypt, greatest artrolo-
r'.ft and palmist in the world; satisfaction
ruararteefl. 437 Golden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
r.o fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. O Market, cor. Stocktn.
At' VICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market *t_. opp. Mason.
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
rumed practice at 502 Cal. St.. Clunle bldg.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckeis bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: rcnrultatlnr free: no fees In advance.
BATH CABINETS THERMAL.
ROBINSON $5 4-panel folding; nee It before
buying. __ S BROWN. Coast Agt.. 416 Ellis.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board in German
family; h»>rt care. 439 Minna st.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
EfHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
H-.l— ** Bonk Co.. 'M Ml~lnn Ft., near Third.
ROOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
REGULAR n 50 boys' eboes. all sizes 95 cts
Regular $1 ""•¦ ladies' oxford ties S3 cts
Children's k;d. lace or button, fixes 8 to 11.75 c
People* Shoe Store. 1303 Stktn. nr. B'dway.
L' ¦'/ PAIRS drummers' sample shoes at manu-
facturer's rnrt. J. Kf>hlbecher. 143 Fourth St.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
/ —SI7S— CORNER saloon on Montgomery «t.;
must be sjld to-day. It. G. WILKE. *06
Market et.
A— s."Co; SALOON Rnd lunchhouse; between fac-
tories and lumber-yards: dally receipts $15;
rent $20; a snap. R. G. WILKE. &06 Market.
A— s27sf'; FlKfcT-OLASS paying corr.tr grocery
and bar on Turk St.; place established many
years; stock all frtth; good horse and wagon;
€ living rooms; rent $50. Call R. G. WILKE,
'••>, Market .-t.
A— s7oo; CORNER grocery and bar on Butter
et.. with 3 living rooms and bath; rent $23;
gcod i-ayinc business. Call R. G. WILKE,
'.<¦*• Market et.
A— UZQ: SALOON. Kearny st.. close to Prescott
House; splendid paying place; low rent: owner
leaves for Nome. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— K£o; CORNER grocery and bar; living
room; rent $15; very best location on Twenty-
eecund Et.; stock will Invoice $700; rare bar-
tain, t— U R. G. WILKE. 506 Market st.
A-$16'!0; GROCERY store, in beet location Jn
the Mlseicn; : living rooms; bath; rent $20; a
rare chance for good paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. room 8. <*>6 Market at.
A— soso; RESTAURANT and chophouse on
SlfMrkton tt. : established many years and
during »bove $150 per month. Call room t,
SiOC M&rket st. It. G. WILKE.
A— l 3eno— 35- HOC >M hotel, with flrst-class paying
ml ¦' '..; clone to the ferries depot on the water
front; hous* always crowded and known on
both Mdes or the Pacific. Call R. G. WILKE.
V*> MarkM gt.. room 8.
VARIETT rtore. drrcoods. notions, groceries,
bakery, milk and news depot; rent $16; 3 liv-
ing rooms. Including stock and furniture,
$350. BRIDGES. 527 Market St.. room 316.
STOCK of drj goods and groceries at half its
value; gnine to Nome; only $350. BRIDGES.
527 Market at., room 316.
$I* AND your services Is all that Is -required
to tr.ake you $75 month: must be able to drive
_ hor»e. BRIDGES. 927 Market et.. room 216.
COOXTBT hotel and bar. with livery stabte:
«r.!y cne in town. Including property, furni-
ture, horse* and carriages: complete; $IKO.
BRIDGES. 827 Market et.. room 310.
A— s4ooo; CORNER grocery, with elegant ar>-
polntments; full stock of choice groceries,
delicacies, cigars and liquors In bulk: the lo-
cation Is Al. being right In the heart of the
city: including new delivery wagons and
fine horws; chance seldom offered; trial will
<-onvlnc»; If you (Wire this kind of business
don't delay Investigation, as owner Is selling
on account of other business; receipts average
$1000 per month. STEXBERG CO.. 535 Mkt ft.
FINK grocery ami bar; stock worth money
::-).. 'i. big cash tra4<?: 4M. years' !ea»e. PaclHc
States Realty Co.. &„ Market St.. room 320.
A— PARTNER with l2r/« jn established Import-
lng business; will «itar at least $COOO yearly.
Pacific States Realty. 535 Market St.. room 320.
A-PARTNER with $5000 cash or property; pood
bastaos; experience unnecessary"- monopoly.
Pac. States Realty Co.. 320 Emporium bldg.
11100-RKSTAI'RANT; good location; receipts
k-uaranleed $„ per day; rent $40. D. McRAE.
742 Mission ft. ' •
J3OO— ELEGANTLY Turntshed rntaurant; good
location: good business. Apply D McRAE
'iZ Mission tt.
WJO-RESTAURANT: vicinity Stockton and
O'Farreii: opportunity scldctn offered. D.
¦ McUAE, 743 Mission st.
A FINE candy. delicacy and bakerr; $20 <3*lly-
rl"Rness. COWIXG & CO.. 713 Market gt.
A — COHNER grocery and bar; be*t In city- see
It to-day. COWING & CO.. 719 Market bU
A— (.'ORXnil grocery; flrst-class location; big
hr.rgain to close buyers. COWING. 719 Market.
CORNER grocery: b*st in city; great sacrifice.
<X)WING & CO.. 719 Market st.
HAHGAIX for buying or selling saloons or any
tniElness: fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal. £?.9H California et.. room 1.
$400— SALOON with 3 living rooms; fine trade.
Call at Liquor Dealers' Journal. tSSVi Cali-
fornia et.. room L ¦ 2> ' ''
BARGAIN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
De_crs' Journal. K9!4 California »t., room L
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued. .
$300— CIGAR etand. situated on principal street,
near Market: sacrificed at this low figure to
be wold at once. M. LESS. 765 Market at.
A— s4so; FINE reitaurant and oyster house;
north of Market: established 15 years; well
worth $10C0: Investigate. M. LESS. 765 Mrkt.
$JOO— WOOD and coal yard In the Mission; horse
and Tv-agon; rent only $10 per month; old es-
tabllehed. M. LESS. 705 Market st
$JSO— DAY saloon: downtown; bet. the wholesale
houses; doing good business: a bargain if Bold
at once. M. LESS? 76S Market st.
$900— CORNER grocery and bar; north of Mar-
ket: well worth $1500: sickness cause of sale;
pert ca«h. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$225— BRANCH bakery: elegant fixtures: Post
St.: $15 dally. KREDO & CO.. 22H Geary St.
$1100— RARE opportunity: worth $2000; clears
$250 month; trial. KREDO &¦ CO.. 22*4 Geary.
$2.©— MEAT market; receipts JSOO month; good
horse, wagon; cash business. Kredo.22',4 Geary.
$2CO— RESTAURANT; seats 40 people; worth
t:m. For bargains see CHISEL & CO.. «9 3d.
REAL estate, city or oountry. in any State
in the Union, sold and exchanged on commis-
sion; associate offices In New York and Chi-
cago; sterling business propositions- of all
kinds. SUNSET REALTY INVESTMENT
CO., 213 Examiner building.
J^wi— PARTNER In good paying saloon; half
c«Ph. 73 Third st.
PARTNER In legitimate business; small capl-
tal; make good wages. Apply 7? Third »t.
$800— SHOESTORE and repair shop; sickness
causa of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777V4
Market tU ¦
$200— PARTNER wanted; man willing to work
can make good wnges. Apply J. E. SLIN-
KEY & CO.. 877 Market St.; entrance 1 Fifth.
FOR cale— One of the best-known restaurants
in Sin Francisco: doing a business of over
$ICO p#r aay; owner desirous of leaving ihj
c'ty. For further particulars address L. 8.,
box i:i2. Call office.
FOR SALE— Good paying dairy and delicacy
store; small milk route; good location; cash
trade; great bargain;, departure. Address box
4251. Caji. ¦
NEW bakery or laundry; 3-can milk wagon: 2-
seated spring wagon; 3 grocery or delivery
wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
shoeing business; 15 years present location;
ch^ap on acct. death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
I BRANCH bakery and lunch room,, with or
without furniture; cheap; good business;
leaving city. Box 3975, Call office.
BAKERY for sale; very cheap; receipts from
$20 to $25 per day; excellent location; other
business cause of sale. 721 Polk st.
A SALOON for sale In good location. Apply on
premises, 160S Valencia st.
$lix>- FRUIT store: established; must be sold by
the l.'.th. Box 4433. Call.
JlO0 — GOOD paying business if sold this week;
rent $15; store and living room. 1005 Larkln.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.
Corner saloons. $550. $425 and $1500: 100-room
house, Jl.mvi; halt cash; rent $50; full.
j SAIXX)N, with property, stock and fixtures for
sale; opposite depot, warehouses and lumber
yard in Paso Robles, Cal. Address JOHN
O. ENGEL.
KOO TAKES half Interest in livery stable. Ad-
dress box 411«. Call.
COMPANY promotion is our specialty: we at-
tend to everything complete; charters fur-
nished. P.5.M.&1.C0.. SIP California St.. r. 5-7.
$135— GOOD-PAYING cigar stand, or will sell
fixtures without stock. 312 Third St.
PARTNER in printing business: a good man;
experience not necessary. 344 McAllister rt.
FOR sale — At once; saloon; central: cheap; going
East; no agent. Add. A. box 4405, Call office.
FIXE store, suitable for any business; 126
O'Farrell, near Powell. Apply 15 Grant aye.
$75 — BRANCH bakery and candy store, with
living t-ooms. 438 Third et.
ROUTE of 844 papers on this paper for kale.
Box 6. Oakland Postofflee.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale, cheap: every-
thlng in first-class order. A'Vress box 336 L
Call orfice.
PARTNER wanted, good paying business, for
fairs and picnics: investment $50. Call at 14
Langton. bet. Howard and Folsom, forenoon.
$300— HOME bakery; portable oven; 7 barreib
weekly. 331 Sixth st_. liquor store.
GOOD chan:e for carpenter with small capital.
Apply at 127 Turk st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
I NEW 4- 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts ft har-
! n»Ff. wk A driving hnr«»». ISth nnd Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING, j
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work !
send to EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H. i
STEVENS, msr.. 38-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250. j
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
I 4.'4 Stevenson ft.: tel. South 225; lowest rates.
I CAKPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 544.
J. E. MiTCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
Ft.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.t t«**<*>r>hon<» East 156.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! '7^7.T^7.".~. " .TmiEMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave. •
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her aFSlstance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all rkin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
the has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
eands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall Is
always successful and satisfactory, and all
correspondence is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices re— 'oved to her residence, 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
JJ. B.— Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
get off at Clinton Station, 2d stattpn from
Broadway. _^
MRS. ROBINSON. l<Ufi Market St., opp. Tenth;
fittings dally: clr. Monday eve.. Frl. 2 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. GORDON, psychometrlst, 12 years' ex-
perience; readings and advice, from 1 to 9 p.
m. dally; (Sundays and Wednesdays excepted;
terms, ladles 60c, gentlemen $1. llStt Fulton.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
forunte teller; gives best advice In difficult
matters. RemovM to 19 Fulton st., nr. Larkln.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader and palmist; all
• you seek to know answered without questions;
readings this week 25c and 50c. 942 Mission.
JANAUKE KENDRICK, palmist, card reader,
clairvoyant: past, present and future; , 25c
and 60c. 118 Sixth st.
MRS.J. J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting $1. 1104 Market.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh tt. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings 2Sc. .
MME. MARQUISE, medium, has removed to 5
Hyde st., readings and treatments daily.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent elate writer,
330 Elllt St.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
FUTURE told by cards: satisfaction guaran-
tor.]; 25c. 1425 Mission St.
ARNOLD. Dick son, give eVerybody tests to-
nlßht: 10c; sittings. !So. 60c. 148 Sixth, room 1.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st_, near Mission.
MICDA HOSKINS, 1423 Mkt., bet. 10th &. 11th;
clr. Tues. 8 p. m.,Thur. 2 p. m.. 25c; sit. dally.
IIME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
CATHERINE DEANE, scientific life and card
render. 989 Howard st., cor. Sixth, office 23.
MMX. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, curd reader;
*l!tlnes daily. 212H Sixth st. " •
YOUR future toM by cards. 25c. 544 Howard
Ft.. 10 a. m. to 13 p. m.
MRS. ELLlS— Tests to all; circle Tues.. Frl.. 2
p. m.; Mon.. S; 25c; sittings $1. 23$ Valencia,
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth at.
MMI 3 SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hu*-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. -914 O'Farrell st.
A WEFK'S news for C cents. . The Weekly Call.
1C paces. In wrapper, for malltnr. $1 per year.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
Ifn mccfmful. Room $10. J?7 Market at.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$17— NEWLY renovated cottage; 6 rooms/bath;
water free; cellar. 1705 Ellis St.. nr. Eteiner.
«-ROOM ccttAse: nS Morris aye.. bet. Harri-
son and Bryant, nr. 6th; key next door, N0.23.
DENTISTS. -v_- .'j _
A— DR. T. 8. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market st.. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
- chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50o: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that- fit' from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber I plate, $5 a
.full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
' without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
' and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lore. 24 Sixth st. '
AT the ELECTKO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket Bt., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; toeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up: of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his. won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth," $5; gold crowns. $3; new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver, iOc; painless extraction. 50c: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLIiM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
'fpeclalty; all work reasonable: gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c, -—Kb. writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy St.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 236 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 26c. (
GUARANTEED dentistry; $1 week; we refer to
6000 patients.. Esmond Dental Parlors. 43 Sixth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. * 1001 Market st., corner Sixth. -
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1141 Polk st. -.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 750; city visits $1 60; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
pa rtmentopenWiall_du_l___Ma_____)3_____
b. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary St.; dresses
made. $5 up; dresses mad* over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 171 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. i 4 Post" ft.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new SO-page catalogue free.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech..
survey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day and eve.;
est. 1664. VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933
Market at. -_ ...'¦¦
BOOKKEEPING as It Is done; superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR.
expert accountant. Flood building.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
TO "Morning Call Home Study" readers—
Classes forming: French conversation. Span-
ish. $2 per ma 630 G. G. aye.. r. 5, 6: hr*. 2-S.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 10OS Mission; vlolln.gultar.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; life
scholarship, $50; send for catalogue.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught:
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
ESPINA, Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Pbelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, crammar. writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
CLASSES In German. French, Spanish: $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A^JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanes: and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post st.; telephone Bush 135. . .
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, Chinese employment
office; best help fur.: cooks, waiters, etc.
Chas. Aramorl. 806"^ Stockton: tel. John 2121.
OKPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 42« Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESK and Japanese Employment Office —
BeM Irin. 4HV- OTHrrell »t. : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALfc*.
COMPETENT housekeeper and seamstress
wishes position in gentleman's family or care
of house and children: experienced nurse;
speaks English and German. Box 4425, Call.
WANTED — Engagements to show best bust de-
veloper known: living testimonials to Indorse
all I claim; also scalp and hair treatment;
references If desired. Box 4434, Call office.
REFINED young girl wishes situation as com-
panion to elderly lady or take full charge of a
child; best references. Address box 2722, Call,
Oakland. '
RELIABLE woman wants place to dc light
work; housework for elderly couple preferred;
small woees. Call 153H Third st.. room 23.
WANTED by Eastern woman, position as
housekeeper: city or country; good home more
of an object than wages. 236 Sutter, rm. 11.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day
or month; good plain cook; sleep home. 158
Fifth st. •
EXPERIENCED woman's nurse would like
position; references given. Address box S3.
Call branch office. 106 Eleventh st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants light house-
work; good home; small wages; reference*.
Address E. W., Alameda? Cal.
AN experienced cook desires general work and
cooking. 221 Hickory aye., near Van Ness.
GERMAN «tlrl; speaks French; second work
and waiting; city; references. 1022 Larkln Bt.
SCANDINAVIAN girl, speaking English and
French, would like a position as traveling
companion to elderly lady en route for Paris,
or would take care of children; wages no ob-
ject. Please call at 2623 California st.
GERMAN woman, first-class cook, desires po-
sition; country preferred; best of references.
Box 4422. Call office. '
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation for
cooking and housework. 3590 Eighteenth st.,
near Sanchez. _ ¦. . :
WIDOW, age 30, desires position as' working
housekeeper. Address box 4417. Call office.
WOMAN wants position to do housework; city
or country. Apply 175 Linden aye. .. ¦
GERMAN girl wants position for general
housework. 836H Harrison st.
GERMAN girl would like a situation to do gen-
eral housework; wages $20. 204V4 Fifth st. •
YOUNG lady from Massachusetts would like
position as traveling companion to elderly
lady going to Europe, or would take care of
children: best of references. MRS. HATCH,
488 Geary st. .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 night: $1 60 to $(
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
anil baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia. Et. ¦.•'•-¦'• ¦¦-¦'-
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subitcriDtlons has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m. -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
RESPONSIBLE married man would like posi-
tion of trust; carpenter and cabinetmaker by.
trade; understands care of horxes and poul-
try: can furnish best of reference, or will pay
money for security of Job; lately from East,
Pennsylvania. Box 4429. Call. ¦-
COACHMAN— Thoroughly 'trained; first-class
¦ horseman; neat and competent driver;, thor-
oughly, competent^ on . rigs - and harness; a
young man; best of city references. ¦ C. C,
box 4436, Call office. . ' V
SITUATION wanted by young man, 28 years of
age, as nightwatchman or any kind of work;
night work preferred. Address A. N., 1318
Hampshire st.
SPANISH young man wants place as coachman
in good family; 5 months ago came from the
Philippine Islands. Box 4430, ¦ Call. - ;-' : . ,¦«
RELIABLE, sober and faithful : man ' wants a
position as valet. Apply 65 Sanchez St., near
Kourt'M nth.
POSITION wanted . by - middle-aged . bar.; man ;
speaks English and German: single; country
only: good references. 'Box 4432, Call. \V&£cf:i
SITUATION wanted by smart active English-
American;- experienced " In. handling horses.
Address box 4433..^ Call of flee. «
YOUNG man who understands general outside
and Inside work desires employment. Address
8., box 4424, Call office, j t ,»;* ?;
EMPLOYMENT \VANTEJD—|MALIB^
A YOUNG Frenchman of good education and
: reputation, who can speak, read and write
English, wishes to go to the Part* Exposition
with an American family or somebody as an
¦ interpreter; moderate terms and can give
good references. Address JEAN LA-
CLERQUE. 217 Paciflc aye.. Santa Cnny.Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED man would like a situation as
• foreman or timekeeper over men or teams or
¦ to drive and exercise horses; no objection to
country.' , United Btate« Hotel, room 91, 123
Eddy st. -. ? .¦: •
WANTED— By all-round handy man. with
tools, running engine either hoisting or min-
ing; can' give best of references. Address
6172 Telegraph .'. aye, Oakland.
CARPENTER, young married man. wishes a
. steady position as handy man; . reasonable
wages; best ot references if required. Ad-
dress box 3382. : Call office.
ALL around first-class cook; wide experience;
good reputation; sober and economical; wishes
situation. GEORGE STULL, 106 Eddy, r. 44.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation; restaurant
or hotel; city or country. Box 4415, Call office.
BARBER with 1" year's experience wishes
steady work. Address box '3921;' Call office.
AN experienced baker wants a position as fore-
man on bread and cake..' Box 4423, Call office.
CARPENTER, cabinetmaker, flrßt-class me-
'¦ chanic, ¦¦; wants a situation; city or country.
. Address 653V4 Natoma st. .
FIRST-CLASS ladles* cloak and suit cutter
(Kuhn system) wants position. Box 4407, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class German
gardener; can take care of horses. Box 3926,
Call office. / .
CHINESE, experienced, first-class cook, wishes
position; hotel, boarding or family; good ref-
erences; satisfaction. 116 Prospect place, bet.
Stockton and Powell.; F. M.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m. ¦
EXCHANGE.
TRANSIT, engineers, complete, will exchange
for light solar transit. F. A., box 3910. Call.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071H Market st. ; examinations free; German
eyewater by mall. 50c. Phone. Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT sunny flat; 4 rooms, bath. 645 Wil-
low eve. ,; ?-¦
FEW steps from City Hall— Fine flat; 6 rooma;
large yard and cellar. 6 Grove st. . - -
FLAT newly furnished for rent: furniture for
sale; $95. 5 Fetla place, bet. Fine and Bush
sts.. off Powell.
FLAT— 6 larlge , rooms and bath; cheap. 16
Pearl St.. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to' let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NINETEENTH, 8980. near Noe— Lovely *unny
lower 6-room flat, with room on porch; $18;
water free.
TO LET— $l7; 7 rooms; modern improvements;
sunny corner. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON.*
CO.. 1706 Market st. *
$10 — NICE flat. 3 rooms and bath, in good con-
dition: 2219 Polk St.. nr. Paciflc. $18— Hand-
some upper flat. 6 rooms and bath; 1376 Union
st., near Polk.
6 SUNNY rooms, $14; also' cottage, 4 rooms,
near Mall dock. Key at 623 Second st.
FLATS TO . LET — FURNISHED.
FOR 6 months; comfortably furnished modern
flat; choice location; rent $65, piano included.
Call between 10 and 4: no young children;
references required. 1523 Sacramento st.
$20— FURNISHED flat; 5 sunny rooms and bath; :
warm belt Mission. Box 4435, Call.
FLAT of 6 rooms, nicely furnished; rent rea-
sonable. 35 Turk st., near Taylor.
TO rtnt— Furnished flat. 6 rooms; modern con-
. venlences. 305 Brodericlr st.. near panhandle.
BIRCH AYE.. 6—4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished. .
FLATS WANTED.
6 SUNNY rms., bath; modern Improvements;
family 3; no children. Box 4419. Call.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
MARKET, 1725 — Cottage of 4 rooms; furniture
for sale; complete for housekeeping; Inquire
Saturday and Sunday: can buy at your own
price on account of departure. ; ,• .
FOR sale — Furniture of 3 housekeeping' rooms;
bargain: nicely furnished; rent whole house
if desired. 309 Hyde, from 10 a. m. to 3 p." m.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4$ 50. with No.
7 rancre. King Furniture Co.. \ 127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS: LEVY buys your • furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. ; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission si~ pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W.-E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry &.Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: fl. R«hl 33M.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
"c! R. HANSEN & COPHONE GRANT 185"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, Fresno. $20; 2 waitresses. Han-
ford, $20; 10 waitresses, different country
hotels, $20: 4 chambermaids, to wait, $20;
woman cook, city, $30; 2 fancy lroners, Coro-
nado Beach, $30. see party here.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Nurst, 2 children, references, $20; colored sec-
ond girl, Berkeley, $20; cooks, house girls and
second girls wanted to-day. Saturday, many
of them see party here. CTli. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
HOUSE girl for mining town; $20, fare paid;
see carty here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 101
Geary st. .
YOUNG strong woman cook for boarding
house. Cap© Nome. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook for mining camp, $30; house-
work girls for Alameda, $25; Oakland, $25;
Belvedere, $25; Stockton. $25; San Rafael. $25;
Petalumu, • $25; Santa Rosa, $25; Protestant
cook for Institution. $40; Protestant second
girl, $25. see lady. In office to-day; 3 second
' girls. $20, $25; restaurant waitresses. $5, $6;
hotel waitresses, $20, country and city; nurse
girls, $20. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st.
A GIRL who Is not afraid to do second work
and assist with children; also kind and oblig-
ing. Call at 1321 Haves st., after 2 p. m. ;
references required. . .
OPERATORS on gents' white shirts; steady
employment. ROGERSON'S,. 835 Valencia. .
NEAT young dri; care of child and assist in
housework; $8 to $10. 944 Geary st. •
WANTED— A respectable German girl for gen-
eral housework. Call at 7UM Treat aye.
GIRL wanted. 136. Becond at.
YOUNG girl : for general ¦housework; small
family. 410 Scott st.. near Fell. ,' .
EXPERIENCED operator on buttonhole, ma-
chine; good wages. 723 Market St., room 35.
WANTED— GirI to assist housework and care
children. 3131 Twenty-second st. '
WANTED— A girl to assist In housework; small
wages; good home. . 17A Columbia square. '.;.-;
WANTED— MiddIe-aged woman to mind baby;
Bleep home; $10 a month. 233 Sixth st.
GIRL wanted for light housework;, good home.
801 Hayes st. :
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. 11
; Erie st., near Mission.
GIRLS WANTED. T~ ,
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEV!
STRAUSS & CO., 3C4 Fremont St.; elevator.
WANTED— A' flrat-class saleswoman for lace
department. for Sacramento. Apply 523 Mar-
. ket st.. room 7. from 2 to 3 P. m.
GIRL- to assist with light housework; sleep
home; wages $10.; 407 Capp st.
YOUNG girl to assist. ln light housework; sleep
. home. -957- Mission . St. ;v ;.- ¦ ¦,¦„--:¦ *
GIRL . for downstairs work: must be a good
cook; wages $25. ~v1180 O'Farrell 'st. -r. . • .
APPRENTICE girls;, also experienced - girl*.
126 Russ st., between Howard and Folsom. ¦¦ .
WELL-EDUCATED -and . experienced -young
nurse nirl for boy It years old; roust do sew-
ing. 997 Golden Gate aye. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch | office, | 2220 Flllmore.'
A BRANCH . office for the reception of adver-
I tlsements and 1 subscriptions has ' been opened
at 122il Polk st.: open till 9 p. m. ¦
, HELP; WANTED- r MALE. .
APPRENTICE .wanted In architect's, of flee; no
compensation. "Room 9, 217 Sansome st. ,-?.•
WANTED— Good : waiter, to go in the " country.'
Call at 422 Third st. ' - : -
CABINET. maker on mantels. 2322 '; Bryant st.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 131 Va<encia at.; bring
tools. " . ...
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Cook, hotel, . near city, I $40; *ecoa«
cook for mine. $40; American butter maker,
$40; 20 farmhands and teamsters, different
ranches. $25 and $26; 10 tlemakers; 10 milkers,
$25 and $30; 2 choreboys, $15; gardener, private
place, $25 and found, and others. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay at. -
WANTED— Young man t about Institution, no
experience required. $12 50 per month, with
board, lodging and washing. W. D. EWER
& CO., 610 Clay at. . .
A— MURRAY & READY... PHONE MAIN 6548
Leading : Employment and Labor Agents,
............ WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
9 drillers, near city ;.......$6O
12 laborers, city jobs.. s3o and found, $1 75 day
G hard-rock miners :..... $75
farmer and wife, ranch, 50c fare, call early:
stablemen: 16 chore men and boys. $20. $15: 52
farm, orchard and vineyard hands for dif-
ferent places. $26, $30. $25. $20 and found
19 milkers $30, $25 and found
264 tlemakers, woodchoppers, etc., $2 50. $2,
$1 75, $1 50, $1 cord, 10c to 13c each.
I 8 tailors, country $15 week
ship carpenters, $5 day
HOTELS OTHER DEP'TS
9 cooks $50, $40, $35. $30 and found
6 waiters $35. $30. $25, $20 and found
- fourth baker; milk wagon driver, ref*)-ence;
lroners; washers; man for delicacy store, $40
and found; porters, dishwashers, boya for
stores and 136 jobs not advertised. Coma SEE
THEM. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.—
A— LOCOMOTIVE fireman; $50. MURRAY &
READY.- 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
"I!!!"'.!." .^"wanted"" "to-day II.'!!II!'."II
Ship to-morrow
. a gang of railroad teamsters for Coast Road.
Santa Barbara County '
Free fare
C. R. HANSEN * CO., 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/5....1M GEARY ST
10 orchard hands who can drive team, $26 and
board; 6 milkers, $30 and $25; 20 laborers for
woods and sawmills, $26 and found, fare paid:
B0 tlemakers, 13c a tie; 100 woodchoppers, S
drillers. $2 25 a day; 2 tunnelmen, $2 25 a day;
razor grinder, $2 a day; man about place, $25;
man about place, $20.
Oysterman, city, $35; pantryman, country
hotel. $25; laundryman for an institution. $33;
potwaeher, country hotel, $25; pot washer. $20;
vegetable man, $20, for springs hotel, fare ad-
vanced. C. R. HANSEN ft CO/, 104 Geary St.
TOM PORTERIES, the cook, please call. CV
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Stableman. $35 and found; garden-
er, $25: man about place, $25 to $30; chore man
for gentleman's place, $20; iron molder, $2 50
day; milkers. $25. $27 50 and $30; old man to
i care for place, $5 and found; stage driver,
$25; woodsmen, woodchoppers, drillers, labor-
ers and others. J. F.. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st
WANTED— French valet and butler. $40; hotel
cook, $60, and second cook, $35; 2 hotel wait-
ers, $30; restaurant waitres, dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramen-
to st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; teL Jessie 151
WANTED — Printer who can make ready for
Job work and run pony cylinder press; steady
Job to right man; give .references and wages
expected. Address box 4437, Call.
BARBER for Saturday afternoon on percent-
age. 872*4 Howard st.
WANTED— A barber. 105 Tenth st.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
Call at 413 Broadway.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
105 Fourth Et.
WANTED— 2 good barber* for Saturday. 797
Mission st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
218 Montgomery aye.
BARBER for Saturday. Apply at 131 Third
street. .
SATURDAY and Sunday barber wanted. 302V4
Fourth st. ¦-.¦-•
BARBER for Saturday. Apply at 519 Kearny
street.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; wages.. 44B
Third st. ¦¦ •¦ •
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 112H
Eddy st.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
10S Fourth st.
GOOD barber wanted. Lurllne Baths, Bush
and Larkln sts.
BARBER wanted at 1211 Market st. for Satur-
day; guaranteed $3.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
wr.ROs $3. 1304<4 Valencia St.
GENERAL tailor wanted. Call GIBSON, Benl-
cia. . ¦ . . .
LOO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED, In subscription deimrtment of: a
publishing house, a deliverer and collector
for a library; expenses advanced; state age
and former employment. Address Publisher,
P. O. box 1027, Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED— Experienced young man of good ad-
drees as city salesman for large company:
must have large acquaintance and not afraid
of work; good salary to right party. Address
box 4425. Call Office.
WANTED — Experienced industrial insurance
man. Call Friday, btt. 3 and 6 p. m.; inquire
for McKericher, Donohoe building, rooms
17 and IS.
WANTED — First-class coatmaker and steady
man; good prices. Apply to CHAS. MAC-
KINNON. Merchant Tailor, Orovllle, Cal.
JOB COMPOSITOR— Young man quick at his
work will have steady position. Box 4426, Call
Office.
BARBER wanted; young man, 2 years' ex-
perience; Portuguese preferred. 1458 Seventh
St., West Oakland. . :
DISHWASHER wanted. 631 Clay St.
THREE-CHAIR barber-shop, doing good busi-
ness, for sale, cheap; owner going north.
112V4 Eddy St.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to SOc. E62 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
YOUNG German, about 18. used to work In
grocery. Address box 4414, Call office.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale on account of
going away; $50. 1224 Polk st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in 8 weeks;
day and evening classes; special Inducement
this season; handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution in the
world teaching the barber and halrdressing
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Brandies— San Francisco. New York,
St. Louis, Chicago, Minneapolis.
SEAMEN— Ordinary, green' hands, for steam
whalers. 701 Battery st., corner Paciflc.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver . House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
FURNISHED rooms. 75c, $1. $1 25 per week.
METROPOLITAN, 514 Fourth St.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & C 0. ,, Attor-
. .... neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
WANTED— IOO men to try °ur 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Max-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
. tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
200 HORSES 1000 to 1400 pounds. 30 head 1200 to
1300 pounds, unbroken, at the Canty Ranch.
• Grayson, Cal.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand .Arcade Horse Market.
$27 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneer*. ¦
50 HEAD : fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market st.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black team*.
FINE horse for business buggy; stands without
hitching: 8 years old ; $40. . 4004 Twenty-sixth
st.; no dealers need apply.
FRESH Jersey cow for sale. JSO3',4 California
street. •
FOR SALE— Gentleman's ¦ road horse and bike
-¦ puggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 60S Q. O. ay.
> ; HOUSES— LODGING— FOR ¦¦ SALE.
$125—11 ROOMS; ; near 'Market; all -rented;
must sell. - BASILE. 3 Eddy »t. '
9- ROOM hotel; bar: family, resort -.clears $100
.month; $400. ¦ M. ¦ GRIFFIN, - 719 Market St. ¦
ROOMING house of 24 rooms for . sale cheap;
: account of going East. 640 Howard st.
¦.¦' : V>7? HOUSES TO LET. .
A^PmNT^D^Us^trPn^u^eTTo^ietT'send^for' clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
JESSIE. 470— House of: 8 rooms and bath.'
REED,;I4— C rooms,* bath, gas.'; basement; fine
;vlew."-» Apply 1325 .Washington St.; near Jones.
TO let— A pleasant sunny: house,- 7 rooms. - 3388
¦ Twenty-first 'st., near Guerrero." ¦ ¦: : ¦
~HOUSES^~TO~~LET^ FURNISHED.' .
FURNISHED house to let In Western Addi-
tion ;' modern ; 9 rooms and bath; sun all day.
Call 508 , Market st.. fifth floor. -
LOANS OX'PKBSOSMJI^^
LOST AND VUVttU.
¦ turn to 611 Ellis st.
Russ and receive reward. ¦
St.; liberal reward.
ENTRY book Thursday on Steiner st Return
to 413 Tenth aye.. Richmond; rewara.
FOUND-Irish water spaniel do*. Inquire at
61 Tremont aye.
-LOST-From 223 Capp St.. dog. P"* _« £%££
"Bummer. Philippine 151.." on collaj\_r__ara.
MEDICAL. _____^_
DRS.' r G43ODWHT^nTweli^^wn la^lM'physU
clan, formerly of 401 Van Ness retur^ nt^3
Europe with advanced knowledge; »J ia "» nt « n d ,
treatment $5: safe and reliable cure in one
»**y 15 j+ars" successful practice in ». ¦_¦•
i nl>raity home; low fees. 1007% Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. th « >?r ld -£°°I r 'l* d
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years: treated th 01 "^" °[
cases successfully: treatment can be usea at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023H Market st.
DR. NG TOY KFE. late of Canton. China,
tea and fterb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento St..
corner of Kearny; all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herb* and teas,
advice free: office hours. 10 a. m. to 12 m..
2 to 6 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; horn*
in confinement: guaranteed treatment •i-of:
flee. $5; any ailment; consultation free. 143
Post St., between Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office, $5; safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st., bet.
Mason and Taylor: hour* > a. m. to S P, m.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1328 Market: ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed: treatment. $a.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles' special-
ist; guaranteed treatment at office. $5; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 3.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St.. the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment $3.
DR. WISE, the lad Us* specialist. 1118 Market
st.; every caae guaranteed; $5 up.- "
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private horn*
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
BIEDICATED BATHS.
DR. CONANTS Compound Vapor Bath— Puri-
fies the blood: destroys disease germs: pro-
-/~-tects; cures; revitalizes; saves life and doctor
bills; outfits for sale: agents wanted; send for
booklet. ANIDROSIS. 47 Post St.; office.
room 5; gents* baths. 6: ladlee*. 33.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH tt WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
Et.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A VERY fine 12-bore hammerless B. L. shot-
gun for $29; cost originally $60. UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant aye.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market St.
CHEAP high-arm tailoring machine complete.
577 Natoma at., near Seventh.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
CASH registers, second-hand, of every de-
scription bought, sold, exchanged and re-
paired. 1309 Mission St., bet. Ninth and Tenth.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI,
933 Market St., San Francisco.
ESKIMO dog for sale, cheap; 12 months old.
1431 Eighth aye., south of park.
A FINE suit, $10; dress pants. $2 75. BROWN
BROS.. Clothing. 437 Montgomery st.
A 6 H. P. double' cylinder marine gas engine,
almost new; complete. 516 Mission st.
10.000 FEET new rubber belting, half price,
ROBT. BRAND & CO.. 527 Third St.. Oakland.
SAFES— New and- second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
SHETLAND ponies. In pairs or single. 1074
East Twenty-first st., Oakland.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and bur-
glar proof safe. 216 California st. ";-'" ;-' '¦¦
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pon-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-IU-Market St.. San Fran.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers; plated;
* almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission st.. near 15th.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure; by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers: plated;
almost new; cheap. 1315 Mission St., near 15th.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: I
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planes, lathes.
Iron A wood: 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 1*» Beale.
~^ MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BENCH room tailor. 522 Bush st \
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market St.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second mortgagee, estates in probate, interest
. In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages: confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN, room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at ( per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
' bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
I PER cent and up on second mortgages, un-
divided interests, estates and claims in pro-
bate and monthly rents. .A. M. SPECK A
CO., 667 Market st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price, for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. ISO Powell st.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and oa
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount:
- lowest rates. BECKER St C 0..28 Montgomery.
AT 126 Kearny st., room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Room*
68 and 69. Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
OLD gold bought; money loaned on every de-
scription of collateral. COleman's, 506 Kearny.
MONEY loaned on furniture, pianos, dia-
monds, etc. BRIDGES, 927 Market, room 316.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
- lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortga.:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, 'pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 336 Parrott build-
ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
TO salaried men. without collateral or lndorser;
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
clsco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARE you in need of a piano? We have a large
assortment of new and second-hand pianos of
the best makers; sold for cash or very easy
payments; $6 down nnd $8 per month for an
elegant new upright; some good pianos for
$3. $1 and $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
& C 0..; Stelnway dealers, cor. Sutter and
Kearny sts., San Francisco; cor. Thirteenth
and Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west Of Chicago Is KOHLER &. CHASE'S
28.- 28 and 20 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instrument* of all grade*
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy . tbe
customer. -, . '
KNABE pianos: new scale; new style*. KOH-
. LER A CHASE. 30 O'FarreU st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales
; W.C. HAMILTON. .324 Post St.
3 STEINWAYS, 2 Chlckerlngs. 1 Sommer. 1
Vose & Sons, 5 Heines; store open evenings.
'HEINE Piano Mfg. Co., 136 Ellis st.
A FEW pianos will be sold for storage at auc-
: tion prices; dirt cheap for cash. WILSON'S
Btorage. 1710 Market ¦ st. ;
PIANO cheap, and 6 rooms of furniture; must
•be sold; no dealers.- 2810 A Howard at. .
BIG bargain; ' upright piano; owner leaving
city; must *ell. Room 10. Flood building.
Mr SIC AL INSTnc.ME.-ST9.
IiARGEST and most complete stock oiTsiWi?t»
MUSIC at HALF PRICE at MAITVAfip ?2
Market st. _____^ ' '**
WE prepay freight to any part of the Btat« m
all pianos sold for cash: our prices win .V*
tonish you. they are so low. ZKNO jiait
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 783 Market St.. 3. jg*"'
GOOD small-sUed upright to-day for $u& ?
MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st. *
WE always advise to buy a Decker or Packard
when you want th« best. MAUVAia. 7©
Market st. '_
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
Warerooms. ISI3 Market st.
'DON'T buy: rent a new piano. $3 per month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 860 Hayes st.
WANTED— 4 good square pianos at BTRON
MAUZY'S pian6 warerooms. 308 Post st.
SELL for storage — 2 uprights. $75; very fins
SJelnway. $135. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
W G BADGER. 412 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
FINE Flsch<r & Stein way upright; sacriaeed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary it.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister »t.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITz",
16 McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLKR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES— TO LETT*
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st-j
sunny offices. $15 per month.
$20-STORE; 2 show windows and 5 >«nf»
rooms: adapted to any business. 423 Birth st.
PALMISTRY.
MME- Neergaard. Pre*. St. Germain Colleg* of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 9. 818 Geary, nr. Jone*.
PERSONALS.
BELLE-OUDRT Jg yp _ A
BLANDS* second-hand clothing »tor*. 79 Ninth:
ful? value given for ladies', children's cast-ofi
clothing, trunks, etc. Phone. Howard VS2.
MME ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia: all pain leaves like magic (from her
wonderfully -gifted hands. 1343 Howard st.
ELANDS' second-hand clothing store, 79 Ninth:
full value given for ladles', children • cast-off
clothing, trunks, etc. Phone. Howard 1182.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca i* a harmless hair
tonk. 35c a bot.: Lederer*a 1 Foamo Shampoo
cleans tha scalp. Sc pkg. Q. Lederer. 123 Stktn.
THIS week only— Lederer. the hairdresser 111
Stockton, gives each person baring haJr
dressed and to eaoh purchaser fine El Per-
fecto Rouge; halrdressing. 25c.
A FINE suit to order $10 75. or pants $3 75: our
specialty in remnants allow* us to »ell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMOS. 1117
Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth. prop. One-prtc*
Tailoring Co. 632 Kearny. near Sacto.; also
1J44 Market st.. under St. Nicholas-
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $« per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1131.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M. HEINEMAN. 109 Sansome st.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1815 Linden. Oakland.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PLUMBERS.
W. E. LANE, phone Main 315. 60S California
St.: everybody's plumber.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
s^L^77CoT^o^TTliou~e^^^
amount of mortgage; 3 of the choicest lots In
Richmond: all street work done: ready far
building; $150 first payment: easy quarterly
payments to suit: close to electric and cable
cars; these lots are elevated and well lo-
cated; this is a fine chance for any one under
a salary to get a home. W. J. GUNN. 530
California st.
MUST be sold — A modern cottage of 5 room*
and bath; on account of sickness. Please call
or address 113 Third aye.. near Sacramento st.
COTTAGE— S rooms, bath, basement, stable; 14
block from Market st. Apply 2403 Folsom st.
HAVE you real estate in fhe Mission or Hom-
er's Addition - that you wish to dispose ot
then call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California at.
IF you have lots in Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wish to sell quickly then
call on W. J. OUNX. 530 California st.
FOR sale, cheap— New 2-story houses. 7 rooms:
latest Improvements: Noe and Hill sts.; near
Castro-st. cars: patent sidewalk.
$2.V>o— WORTH $4000: store. 3 rooms, bath; flat
above, 5 rooms, bath, rented. $30. 1417 Paciflc.
TWO flats. 4 and 5 rooms: bath: part cash, bal-
ance can remain. 173 Cook st.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
A MIGHTY nice and well-Improved, fully
equipped 80-acre ranch near Nara for $1250.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent,
10 Geary St., opposite Chronicle bldg., S. F.
600 ACRES In Stanislaus County, near rail-
road; water; growing crops: under fence and
all other Improvements. For particulars ad-
dress or call W. P. CROW. 1334 Polk. city.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bids.
Land for sale In Sonoma. Contra Costa, Glenn,
Santa Cruz. Shasta and Tehama Cos.. Cal.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA. 2523^ — Sunny parlor* or rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable.
FILLMORE. «IS. near Hayes — t sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; upper flat: pri-
vate family.
FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay— 2 large sunny un-
furnished rooms: nice yard; water; $7.
GOLDEN GATE. 404— Housekeeping suite;
complete; $35 mo.; single rooms, $10 and $12 JO.
GUERRERO, 1147— Furnished sunny front room,
bedroom and kitchen, $12 50.
HILL. 12H — Four sunny rooms, parlor floor:
completely furnished for housekeeping: coal
range; tubs; bath, etc ; $25.
HOWARD, 1113%— Two rooms, housekeeping. $Tj
also single room; reasonable.
LARKIN. 328, cor. Golden Gate ay*. — Elegant
sunny housekeeping apartments.
NATOMA. 254. near Fourth— 2 front furnished
housekeeping rooms: water, sink and closet.
O'FARRELL. 208— 3 nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; very reasonable.
POWELL, 510— Pleasant sunny room: privilege
of kitchen; suitable for 2; reasonable.
THREE sunny comfortably furnished room*
for housekeeping, with bath: rent $13. 8J
Elliott Park, oft Steiner, bet. Geary and
O'Farrell.
TURK. 332—2 large rooms; l front room. 1 ch«Mp
housekeeping room; running water; grate.
VAN NESS, 402—3 sunny connecting rooms,
complete for housekeeping; stationary tubs;
yard.
t CLEAN, sunny, convenient rooms; separat*
entrance; $13. 47 Erie St.. bet. 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2COO Flllmor» st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencla st.
>OOMS TO LET Forn. and I'nfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S " Sixth— Room*
25c to $-1 per night: $1 25 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post st.. cor. Stockton— Sunny
¦ corner suite and slnsle rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT. 1428 Market st_ (old No. U64>— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLLTON. 120« Market, cor. Golden Gat*
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn.: rm*. A of flees.
ELLIS. SlS— Elegantly furnished front and back
parlor; also single room.
ELLIS. IS3S— Large sunny furnished front room.
with use ot bath.
FOLSOM. iiS. corner Sixth (The Oliver) — Sunny
fum'shed rooms; suites or single; new mfmL
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport)— Nicely furnished
rooms: suit or single: sunny; also housekeep-
ing rooms; running water.
FOURTH. 222%-Nlcely furnished bay-window
and single rooms; reasonable; quiet.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
ed rooms, suites or single; traveler* accom.
GOLDENJ3ATE aye.. 8%-Furnlshed room*;
$s ana $7.
HAIGHT. 220— Sunny furnished alcove- gas-
bath; phone; dinner If desired. .
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $« per week. '
HAURISOS. 7S4H. near Fourth-Flnely fur-
BWnke" nn $ nn i yy w r etru ; p . bath; "" """'"¦'"ce.;
JESSIE. 614— Single, newly furnished roomm. «•
THE SAJS JfiiAJS CISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, MAiiCH ±O, li>oU.
10HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
{Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
TUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB,
29 Fifth sti, opposite Lincoln School.
Telepflcne South 80.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABNY XT. Established
to IH3 I for the treatment of Private
Di-wajn-s. Loot Manhood Debility or
disease *rearing ou body and mind and
Skin Disease*. The doctorenrnwnen
others fall. Try him. Chargt» tow.
Carf*fMrsii>rrd. Callorwrita
Dr. 4. *'. «IBHO>. Box 1937.3 an Fraactac*
pw TERMS to suit: fine modern Jj-™° m
ho«Be; nice lot and neighborhood; cost $^000: a
snap. A^res* WM. P. TODD, 1070 Broad-
v.«.y. Oakland.
Morning Session.
Board — ,
80 Contra Coeta Water M 00
15 Contra Costa Water' 65 87Vi
25 Giant Powder Con i .90 25
25 Giant Powder Con 90 00
250 Honokaa S Co 3125
100 Hutchinson S P C 27 00
55 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 19 S"»4
150 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 00
400 Makawell 43 00
$10,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 116 00
25 Oceanic S S Co 94 75
175 v Paauhau S P Co 29 50
60 Spring- Valley-Water 9S Ziv.
60 Vlgorit ~ 2 25
Street—
1 Bank of California 405 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— . • .
45 Contra Costa Water .67 00
200 Contra Costa Water s 90 «.; 75
20 Giant Powder Con 90 25
170 Giant Powder Con 90 50
6 Hana Plantation Co s 90.... 10 00
100 Hofiokaa S Co 32 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co 27 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co. 26 S7J4
BS Makawell 48 00
25 Market-street Railway 62 75
SO Onomea Sugar Co 28 00
250 Paiuihan S P Co 29 75
10 S F Gas A Electric Co 54 00
50 Spring Valley Water s 10 9$ 50 ..
$5000 Spring Valley 6 per cent Bonds 11l 00
50 VI g-orlt Powder ...:... 2 25
60 Oceanic S S Co ....'. 95 CO
$10,000 8 F & S J V Bonds.:.. 117 3"Vi
CALIFORNIA OIL ', : EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. .
100 Barker Ranch — Jl5
300 Anaconda ;..... ...;.:.....•. 50
Afternoon Session.
100 Barker Ranch ...'. .115
400 Anaconda ............. r 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
I ¦ : ¦ ' - " - - .
Morning Session.
5 Blue Goose :.;...."..'.. 20 no
300 Home Oil • ....8,85
Afternoon Session.
300 Home Oil 3 «5
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales ' In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: ¦¦.
Morning Session,
800 Belcher".:. ¦2S 100 Overman 89
¦ SCO Bullion '04 100 Potosi 17
200 Caledonia ...... 93 . 500 ?eg Belcher •<H
100 Gould & Curry. 171 SCO Slenra ¦ Nevada. •S5
100 Gould A Curry. 18 800 Silver Hi 11..... .-09
200 Mexican .; 271.100 Standard 2 90
200 Occidental ...... 1«| 200 Utah 19
500 Ophir ....:.•..... Sir
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha : 031 100 ophir v:. :....... «i
100 Best * Belcher. 40 100 Ophlr ........;.. 80
100 Caledonia ...... 91 200 Overman ........ 25
300 Choltar 2? 700 t Potoal -..:....... in
50 Chollar ......... !6 100 Savage ». v
250 Con Cal & Va..l 65 .100 Sierra Nevada. 64
10 Con Cal & Va.:l 80 100 Utah 10
350 Mexican ...V.... 26 .
Followlr.r.were the sales In the. Pacific Stock
Exchante yesterday: r - -•¦
Morning ' Session,
300 "Belcher ..: X 100 Ophlr ............ 83
300 Belcher .....--. W 100 0ph1r ,...;....... '81
700 Best St Belcher. 40 300 Overman -W
600 Best & Belcher. 87 900 Overman ....... i 25
700 Chollar ....:.... 27 : 2CO Savage ... . . . .'. . ,15
300 Con Cal & Va..l 70 1300 Sl«rra Nevada. .55
230 Con Cal & Va..l 65 , If>) Yellow Jacket.. lg
800 Con Cal & Va..l 6)!;200 Yellow Jacket.. 17
600. Gould & Curry.. 17. • ' , ;
Afternoon Session.
700 Alpha Con.. 04 1W Mcx can ..., 24
600 Belcher ......... 26 2CO Mexican ....;.. 2fi
800 Belcher r.r.v.r.. *7.K>O Mexican 27
500 Best & Belcher. , 39 :SOO Ophlr 80
,200 Best & Belcher.;!*) 200 Ophlr ........... 79
i 200 Best & Belcher. -38 300 Sierra Nevada. 'SS
I!XH> Con Cal 4 Va..l 63 510 Sierra ¦ Nevada. M
200 Gould & Curry. 17l 400 Yellow Jacket.. 17
tTO HOME FEEKERS.
Yi> have near completion a number of houses
and cottage*, which are located in the beet refcl-
dence portion* of tbe city, combining all the
features and Ideas of conttructlon and skilled
labor that could make an ideal home; plans can
\,r seen at our office; terms easy.
J. B. MiERS,
10C2 Broadway.
Oakland.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
- ¦ Friday, March t.
Stmr Geo Loomli. Brldxett, hour* from
Ventura. . '
Stmr Navarro. Jensen, 45 hours from San
Pedro. ...
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Jessen. 9« hours from
Stmr Marlposa. Houdlette, 23 days from Syd
ney, via Honolulu 6 days 37 minutes.
Stmr Albion. Ericsson, 22 hours from Fort
Stmr WestDort. Ericsson. 34 hours from En-
U S stmr Solace. Dunlap. 41 days from Ma
nila, via Yokohama 17 days.
CLEARED.
Friday, March 9.
Stmr Corona. Gleiow, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins tCn.
Stmr South Portland, Hall. Cbemalnus; Jaa
Taylor. -
Whaling stmr William Baylies, Cottle. whal
ing cruise; William Lewis.
Bark Mohican, Kelly. Honolulu; Welch Sk Co.
SAILED.
'. . ,-:r ¦ Friday. March 9.
Stmr National City, Dettmers. Grays Har-
Stmr Geo> TV" Elder. Randall. Astoria.
Stmr South Portland. Hall. Chemalnus. . ..--: •
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Br stmr Stratheyle, Gordon, Portland.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. * ;
Bark Amy Turner. Warland. Hllo.
.Br bark Heathfleld, Fraser. Queenstown.
Schr Premier, Wagner. Bristol Bay, Tia
Blalne. '
Schr Alice Cooke. Penhallow. Honolulu.
Schr J G Wall, BJorr.strom. Eureka.
Sehr Gotama. Johannsen. Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 9, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity G miles.
DISASTER.
The Br shts East African at Honolulu, from
Newcastle, NSW, has cargo of coal on fire.
Tne fire was extinguished on Feb it. The cargo
will have to be discharged before the damage
can be ascertained. \l.
• SPOKEN.
March 6. near Cardigan Bay— Br ship For
rest Hall, hence Oct 7, for Liverpool.
March 5. lat 10 N. lon 2 W— Br ship Ben Le«,
from Shields, for Santa Rosalia.
MISCELLANEOUS.
BALTIMORE, March 9— Ship Roanoke, from
Baltimore, for San Francisco, went aground
March 7in Craighill Channel and remains. She
will have to be lUhtened. : ¦ .
. . DOMESTIC PORTS. .
BOWENB LANDlNG— Arrived March S— Schr
Newark, hence March 8.
COOS BAY— Sailed March 9— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco. .
SEATTLE— SaiIed March »-Stmr Humboldt.
for Fkazuay.
TACOMA— Sailed March 9— Schr H¦. D Ben
dlxen. for San Pedro. .
Arrived March 9— Schr R W Bartlett. from
Port Townsend.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived March B— Schr
Fannie- Adele, hence Feb J6; schr Ida McKay,
from San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 9— Schr
Mildred, from San Pedro: schr Peerless, for
Hueneme: ship C F Sargent, hence March 3.
S*N PEDRO— Sailed March B— Schr Maggie
C Russ. for . Olympia. . March 9— Stmr Del
Norte for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed March 9— Stmr State of
California, for San Ffcmelsco.^
PORT BLAKELEr^-Arrlved March 9— Bark
Topgallant, from Port . Townsend; schr Annla
La'rsen. from San Pedro. • ¦ ¦ _ ¦ _. -
Sailed March 9— Schr Comet, for San Pedro. .
. REDON DO— Sailed March . 9— Stmr . D?» patch,
for San Francisco.
1 FOREIGN PORTS.
CALLAO— Arrived March . (—Bktn Chas F,
Crocker, from Tacoma. _ —
- HONGKONG-^Arrt ved March 9— Jan . stmr
Nippon Maru. hence Feb 9. _
COLON— Arrived March 7— Stmr. Finance, fm
Sailed° r March ' I— Stmr Advance, for New
. PANAMA— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Colon, hnc
"DOVER- Passed ' March ,7— Haw bark Will
scott, from Newcastle, England,' for San Fran
° PRAWLE POlNT— Passed March 7— Or bark
Olga. from Shields. . for . -.
• BEAOHY HEAD— Passed March •— Br ship
Beacon Roc*, hence Oet 17.
HlLO— Arrived Feb "¦ 18— Schr W F Wltxe-'
maun, from Port l«(ilow,i Feb 17— Stmr Cone-
BCOO— LOT SSxUV.
$1200— Fine corner: 83x125; all street work
t*.' r. c.
— {1250— Lot on Ban Jose aye.; E0xl50; offer
•wanted.
81100— Cottage t rooms; lot 6€xloo.
$1600— Modern cottage: 8 rooms, porcelain
baltl, etc.: let 65x150: Pearl st.
ji;,(y»— Meet beautiful home in Alameda;
*-<?w- 12 roctne: latest improvements In plumb-
ir.e hot-air heater, etc.: Urge lot; come and see
this property. E. D. JUDD CO.. U24 Park st.
NCN G R 7s.lC« — Hum SA L. — —
NR of Cal 65.113U — Mut Say Bk. 45 —
Do 65... 113T»116«i S F Say U. BO7H —
NPU R R 6s.loav« — Say & L So. 74 ¦7»
Do 6s ...... .106%l»7 Sec Say Bk. — —
N C R R 65.. 103 — ' Union T Co. — ' —
Oak GL&H 6s.lU — Street Railroads— ¦ -
Oak Tran 65..117 Jntt California .... .119^123 .
Oak.W Co 6b.. 105 — Geary-st ...... nO —
Oceanic S C0..105W106 Market-st Ry.. 62T» —
Om CBy «*..l*l\>il?< OS L & H.... — 50
P&CI Ry 65.. — 103K- Presidio 14 —
Pk tO Ky 6s. — — Powder Stocks—
Fow«ll*et R 6*117 — California ....150 18« .
Sac LGftR ss. — 100 Giant Con Co.. 9O'.S —
S P & SJV 68.117 -118 • Vigorlt •..-......- t% — .
S Rof Cal 65.113 — Suear Stocks—
S P C 6s(1905).lll — Hana S P Co. 9% 10
SP C 65(1906).110V4Ul Haw C&8Co 83 —
Do (1906) 7... 112 113 Honokaa S Co. 32 32 1 i
Do (1912) ..:. — — Hutch S P Co. 26? i 27
Do. Ist eg ss. — — Kllauea S Co. 20 204
SPBr 6s 127 12SV4 Makawell SCo 4$ 48ft
S V Wat 65...113U1HVi Onomea 8 Co. 28 —
Do 4s 103? i — 'Paauhau 8 Co. 29H —
S V W-45(3dm)102',4 — Mtfcellani«ous—
Stktn Gas 65.. — — Al Pack Assn. — 121.
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Assn 99,£ —
Contra Costa.. 66% — M<»r Xx Assn. swv* —
Mnrin County. — — Oceanic 8 - Co. 95 &6Vi
Bprlng Valley. 98tf 99 Pac A F A... J —
Gas St Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.147** —
Cent G L Co.. — — IPar Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L * P... *V* *% '
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery at., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
MARRIED.
CCONNXLL— GALLAGHER— In Los Angeles.
February $L I*oo, by Bishop George Mont-
gomery. J- B. O'Cpnnell of Chicago and Anna
B. Gallagher of Oakland^ ¦ -
Steamer Movements.
NEW family hotel; first class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table: special Inducements to
•elect people. 807 California St., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
TWENTY-THIRD. 1728. near Dolores-S eunny
bay-window rooms; nice and complete.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
COPARTXERSHIF XOTICE9.
NOTICE of dissolution of partnership.— The
firm heretofore existing under the name and
style of lACCHERI Si BACIGALUPL doing
business In the city and county of San Fran-
df co. was on the 28th day of March, 1899, dis-
solved by mutual consent. MR. G. lACCHEIU
having purchased the entire Interest of Q.
BACIGALUPI in the concern.
O. lACCHERL
0.. BACIGALUPL
Pan Franclsc". February 9. 1900.
roPT. 33-E3egant transient rooms for tourists;
all conveniences; traveling men; elevator.
P ?. ST - «2i— Two small sunny rooms, furnished,
I,^ J*y month : Protestant Christians;
neither Oink ncr smoke In the house.
Branch Hydrographlc Office,- U. 'S. N.. Mer
chants'' Exchange. * San Francisco. Cal.,
March 9, 1900.
The time ball on the tcwer of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon. to-day—
I. •.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
°o^n^ E H Jl 20 ~ Sunn y furnished rooms and
offices, elevator; electric lights: day. wk.. rao.
ASSESSMEXT XOTICES.
ll rtfm°^ # n^ 8^T N1^ 17 »unny front
wm, includinj bath; suitable for t gentle-
OAKLAXD FjJKMTt'RE FOR SAJ^
,AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
Xurciture dealer. Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAXD ROOMS.
if'NNT roons*. eingie. en suite and housekeep-
ing: W up. Hotel Shasta. 1228 Broadway. -
OAKLAND Hranrh Office of The Call re-
moved t* 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisement* find subsrriitlor.s received.
New Trial for Mochel.
Martin J. Mochel, who on June 20 of last
year was arrested on a charge of having
murdered'lda R. Loventhal In the Camp
fire saloon. Kearnyand Jackson street*
and who suffered conviction on a charge
of manslaughter, was granted a new trial
yesterday by Judge Dunne.: In his opinion
Judge Dunne . practically holds ¦-.-." that
Mochel Is not guilty of the crime charged
to him, but that It was ¦ committed
by H. S. Clifford, a waiter employed in the
e&loon on the night of the tragedy. •
COP-NHR etore: 4 living rooms and stable; lot
S»xlO0. Inquire 291 Halght St.. S. F.
14500 WILL buy new modern house, li rooms:
Hne lmprovemvu; large stable. 1123 Eigntfl
tvf., Oaklaod: keys next door south.
t LOTS in near-by town, $100 each, to exchange
for lodjrlntf-houfe or business. Address w.
F. O'BANIOX. JUS Broadway. v
License Officer Battered.
William O'Neil, a deputy license col
lector, secured a warrant from Judge Ca
bknlss yesterday for the arrest of John
W. . McTigue, harness-maker, 3156 Mission
street, on a charge of battery. Tuesday
O'Neil discovered that McTlsrue's wagon
was not licensed, and when he told him
to call at the office: and explain McTigue
struck him and, jumping .Into his wa^ron
drove away. . , * O Neil , went to his shop
and McTigue and his two brothers as
saulted him. He was unable to leave' his
house till yesterday morning. .
l»grj>_Rj:r>UCED from $3500 to assure a quick
eaJe- h^use, 7 rooms, bath: modern in all con-
veniences; barn and outbuilding*: in the finest
residence portion; lot &0xl20; flowers. lawn,
etc ¦ convenient to business center and local
trains; fSttf cash, balance bank mortgage.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
lIS-'O— NEW 5-rnom cottage: modern; lot 60x140;
close to station, stores, school, churches; only
$ion carti. balance 81S monthly. TakenerVeley
train get off at Lorln. ask for RUDOLPH A
J^FRKINS.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
ICJO— GOOD 6-room cottsge; lot 4CxlO0; good well
cf water- $ blocks from station and electric
cars- only $75 cash, balance $10 monthly. Take
Berkeley train, get eft at Lortn. ask for RU-
I.OLPH & PERKINS.
ion sale— At great sacrifice If sold at once;
enutheast comer Benton st. and Alameda aye.,
Morton rtatlon: lot 7«xliO. with »-room cot-
raire. See BKW I>RUQ CO. at one*.
tl4oo-^CORNER lot; Santa Clara aye.; 6Cx150;
near Morton-st. station.
n*"M nut lot; iOxliO; Paru St., sear the
fcty: bargain.
1 1^00— Elegant lot, -west side ef Lafayette st.,
near San Antonio aye.; snap.
$2200— New modern 6-room house; Alameda
avenue, near Lafayette St.; large lot.
KC^Nfw Colonial. 7-room cottage: Grand
St., near Alazneda aye.; easy installments;
larse lot: snap.
Bargains !n all parts of Alameda; all the
above can be bought on easy terms.
Office cpen Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park st-. Alameda.
FOR rent — Finely furnished 12-room house;
beautiful grounds; choicest location. Address
OWNER. Call office, Alameda.
J3OO WILL buy a nice corner lot; terms.
J2BOO will build first-class cottage of 6 rooms,
•with lot MxlDO: San Antonio aye., near Chestnut
et J. IL YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st.
!!15P BALANCE at I»es than price of rent; new
7-room house on Everett Et.. third house S. of
Lincoln aye.: 2 Mocks to local train; fine
neighborhood: eunny and convenient to bu«sl-
r.ftss center; price Jl^-I; worth J4SCO. Addicss
WM P TODD 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAHED.I REAL. ESTATE.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
C B Conger, Mich . F U Chambers & w. Pa
W X Guerln. Seattle Mrs J C Chambers, Pa
D Notara, N York G D Chambers, Pa
G H Post New York Baron Eyb, Germany
Mrs C H Post, N York B Bonny & w, Sausa to
O A Young & w, N V S H Shelby, San Jose
E J Ensign. Los Ang Miss Shelby, Ean Jose
L Enslpn. Los Ang H Luhr, U S N
C C Merryman, wis M G Nelson, England
R C Merryman. Wls L W Bemis, ¦ Chicago
Mrs J M Thomas. Mass A N Jacob. N York
Miss B Thomas. Mass E barrlcn. New York
Mis." Thomas, Mass S Friedman. N York
Miss Halnson, Mass II Gllchrist, Minn
J C Ryan. Chicago ;J W Purdy &. w, Colo
W Van Steinberg. N J II L Gregory. Gibson
J H Van Ness, N J J H Gregory, Gibson-
G J Lalphton &. w. NY A G Horton, Auckland
L H Wales &w, N V Miss Horton, Auckland
Mrs A L Slater, NY W S Wilson & w. Auck
MaJ'H'F Perry &w, Dr Somervllle, Auckld
Stanford Miss Somervllle.Auckld
J F Newman & w, C X Hall, England
Stanford C S Laferme, N York
Mrs R E Plumb.Stanfd C G Lloyd. New York
P V Ballow .USA G H Farnum Jr &. w.
A J Kanfold, Ohio New York
M Schwederskv. NY Z W Reynolds, U8 N
D E Sklivner, Detroit W R Rooney, US N
J A Chauslor, Los Ang J A Shearman, U S N
A M Young & w. Chic W H Flsk &.w, Chlcgo
Mler Young, Chicago R Benjamin. Napa
Miss Harrison, Chicago J B Teal, New York '
H M Bishop, N Haven F M Phillips, U 8 N
D Kirk & w. Pa 'F Huertwant, N V
Miss C Kirk, Pa T Hughes. Chicago
GRAND HOTEL.
W T Williams, Ventura J J Mlley, Mlley
C E Ilgenfrltz, Bednlla R R Smith. Stockton
P L Deweeee. Scdalla C 11. May &w, Portlnd
C H Williams, Menlo P C H Francisco, Cal - •
W J Bennetts, Cal Dr A C Lollie, Italy
W F Coutts, Cal T L Reed, Reedley
W L Wolfskill, Sn Raf R M Mason, N V
C J Chrißtopher. Mo W Gllpln. N V
C McDonnell, Menlo Pk O L Stanford, Chicago
W C Strasger. OaklandlA.A Power. <N V
R Audrews, Oakland H Reid, N V
R S Jonea, Fresno H F. Campbell Stanfrd
J P Davenport. Los An H D Parkin, Stanford
A L Bar, Stockton ' Miss Grlswold, Sn Jose
F P Speller, Seattle Mrs Gardener, X^apa
Mrs C B Jillson, Horn- M Bush, Napa
brook ' ' Miss Bush. Napa
Dr GW Dwlnnell, Mon- Rev H Conner. Eureka
.- tague R A Long, Willows- -
A H .Barr 4,w, Col SC McKelman, Novato
A Barr. Fort Jones Chas Dunphy. Milton
P W Baler. Vlealla O Rumssy. uklah
H C Schalfer. Michigan E Donahue. Uklah ¦
•H O Pales &w. X C O J Owen, Uklah '
J Greely Jr, Marysvllle H Kempner, Arizona
Mrs J G Ford, Nevada C W Tryon, Angels
Amy Ford, Nevada ¦ . II E Morrison, .Boston-
Chas Durner, Benicla C M Day. St Louts
W S Kessler, Benicla H J Scott, B C
J J Thompson, Solano II N Klmball, Saoto
X. Jacobs, S Bernardino ¦ .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Donzel, Fresno ' D Wilson, Ban Joss
O Long. Oakrtale E R Prewls. Newcastle
J W John, Crescent Cy Dr M R Slapp & w, •
Pde Martini, Modesto Los Angeles
J Buchanan. Ariz R Selkirk. N Zealarid
J Cadogan. Chicago 13 C C Browne, Sydney
L F Strlcklln. Salem , J Pugh. Sydney
F R Baker &w, Ta- T White. ! Fresno
coma • - CMcCauley B Diego
E B Wlghtman t'w, M J Rook, Pasadena
Mich . S F Smith. Stockton
PIER.CE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Pest ft., ©or. Powell: tel. Main 671».
STORAGE A3TD WAREHOUSES.
TO SAIL.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 80S Fourth ft.
The Sunday Call leads them
all! It -will present an ar
ticle in the magazine sec
tion of March 11, upon the
dreaded bubonic plague, writ
ten by a learned doctor who
has had five years' experience
with the epidemic in India.
This article has been prepared
especially for the Call— will
appear only in The Call — and
unless you get next Sunday's
number of that paper you
will regret it.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 Cth; phone Mint 45.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Eight.
SEWU'G MACni.VES AXD SUPPLIES.
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. 81 up:
painting done. Hartznan Paint Co.. tl» Third.
ROOMS YVA.\TED.
VAN NESS. 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: reasonable: modern conveniences.
UNFURNISHED room; about ?$ or $4 a month;
middle-aged man. Box 5939, Call.
LAS PALMAS. IKO Market st..— Suite of 1 or 8
rms.; private; bath: fin. rms. ; board optional.
PIED.
Bernheim. Emma Levy. Julius
Brown. Rufui N. Loesch. Charles
Bryan. Thomas T. Luedtke. Mathlide
Celler, Rosa . Madden, Joseph L
Cradlck. Margaret MaskolettL Rosa H.
Cunningham, Juliet Maugham, James
Frassl, Antonio Meyer, Gerit J.
Gllck, Allen Pocock. Arthur F.
Harrison, George Radford, Joanna
Hill, Martin Sevening, Louisa
Hillebrasdt. Heinrich Sims, Capt. Aibert
Keefe. Michael Slavln. Sadie C.
Kesieler, Francis H. Wheeler. Delno O.
KJnary, John Yamane, Sukecaburo
BERNHEIM— In Oak.and. March 9, 1900, Emma
Bernheim, dearly beloved wife of Emanuel
Bernheim. and njjtlier of Maurice H., Wil-
liam A.. Fannie J. and Alonzo J. Bernheim.
a native of Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 67
years.
BROWN— In this city, March 8. 1900, Rufus
Nelson Brown, beloved husband of Martha E.
Brown, and father of George O. Brown and
Mrs. Eudora E. Moody, a native of Hope,
Me., aged SO years. (Camden. Me., and Cleve-
land. Ohio, papers please copy.)
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to att«nd the funeral this day
(Saturday) at 10:15 o'clock, from the .funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment crlvate.
BRYAN— Killed in action at San Pedro Macatl.
Philippine Islands. February 5, 1539, Thomas
T. Bryan, beloved son of Marsaret and the
late Thomas Bryan, and brother of William
H. fend John J. Bryan and Mrs. John H.
Wood, a native of San Francisco. A member
of Company H. First California Volunteer
Infantry- ' *
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrotv
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the Armory
of Company 11. N. G. C, corner Pace and
Gough streets. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery- Remains at the parlors of Halsted &
Co., 546 Mirslon street.
ATTENTION! Company H, First Regiment,
California Volunteers: You are requested to
attend the funeral of the late Thomas T.
Hryan from the Armory, corner Page and
Gouub streets, to-morrow (Sunday), at 2
o'clock tharp.
CELLER— In this city. March 9, 1900, Rosa,
beloved wife of Michael Celler, and mother of
Mrs. Cecelia Simon. Mrs. AdolDh Zlsker of
Merced, Cal., and Samuel and Mark Celler,
a native of Germany, aged 75 years.
CRADICK— In Vallejo. March 7. 1900, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Martin Cradlck, daugh-
ter of Mrs. E. and the late James Carey, and
sister of Mary, Llllie, William. John and
Thomas Carey, a native of Vallejo, aged 29
yeare 6 months and 9 days.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this
(Saturday) morning, from her late residence,
413 Capitol street, • Vallejo. Interment in Va-
llejo.
CUNNINGHAM— In Oakland, March 8. 1900,
Juliet Emilie. daughter of the late Captain
Cunningham of the British Army, and sister
of Harry and Gerald Cunningham aud Mrs.
Elmer Rich of Lcs Angeles, a native of Ben-
gal. Eart India,
K7The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), from the residence of her mother.
718 Seventeenth street. Interment private. .
FRASSI— At the Cottage Hospital, Santa Bar-
bara. March 6, 1900, Antonio Frassl; a native
of Milan, Italy, aged C 7 years 1 mopth and
17 days.
CUCK-In this city, March 8, 1900. Allen
Click, a native of Pennsylvania, ared 40
years.
C7Re>malns &t the parlors of H. F. Maass,
Sl7 Mission street.
HARRISON— In the City and County Hospital,
March I, 1900, George Harrison, a native of
England, aged 67 years.
HILL— In this city. March 7, 1900. Martin, be-
loved husband of Marie Hill, and father of
Ena and Jennie Hill, a native of Denmark,
ased 43 years and 3 months.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from. his late resi-
dence, 1079 York street, between Twenty-eec-
cr.d and Twenty-third. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
HILLEBRANDT-In this city. March 7, 1900.
Heinrich, beloved son of Maria and the late
J.~H. Hilletorandt. and brother of J. H. and
William Hillebrandt. Maria Ahrens and Kath-
arine. August, George and Adele Hillebrandt
and the late Nlcolaus Htllebrandt, a native of
Bederkesa, Hanover, Germany, aged 22 years
Jl months and IS days. ¦ -
C7Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Hannoverar.er Verein are reFpectfully
lnvlted to attend the funeral this day (Sat-
urday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 9COA Folsom street, corner of Fifth,
thence to St. Matthew's German . Lutheran
Church. Eleventh street, between Mission and
Market, where the services will be held, com-
mencing at 1 o'clock, and thence by electric
funeral car leaving corner of Mission and
Fourteenth streets at 2 o'clock to Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery for Interment.
KEEFE— In this city. March 9, 1900. Michael,
beloved husband of fiusan Keefe, and father
of Joseph. Charles, John and Lizzie Keefe
and Mrs. J. Denely, a native of Limerick.
Ireland, aged 71 years.
KESSELER— In this city, March 7. 1900. Fran-
cis It., dearly beloved husband of Mary Eliza-
beth Kesseler. beloved father of Elizabeth.
Eugene. Charles. Atrnes, Gertrude, Edith and
Crtsslc Kezseler. and brother of Maria and
the late Joseph Kesseler of San Francisco,
Dr. A. Kerneler and the late Rev.' A. Kesse-
ler of New York, Mrs. John Elchorn of Boston
and the late Sister Ursula of Norte Dame.
Mass., a native of Cologne, Germany, ag«d 68
years and 1 month. .
C2TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tbe funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:34 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 326 Lexington avenue, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn requiem ma«s
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
KINARY— In Oakland, March 9; 1900, John,
beloved husband of B. E. Klr.ary, a native of
Ireland, aged 7« years.
C3r Friends and • acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(gunday). at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 319 Fifth street. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Please omit flowers. • .
LEVY— In this city. March 8. 1900, Julius Levy,
a native of Germany, aged 67 years 1 month
' and 17 days. . . ' ..-
CTFriends and acquaintances and members
cf Gennania Lodge No. 115. I. O. Q. F.\ are
respectfully Invited ¦to attend the funeral
to-morrow <Punday), at 1:30 . o'clock, from
Maeonlc Temple, corner Post and Montgom-
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyde St Eddy; changed
hands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
TO ARRIVE.
JTUSII. 91S — Fine sunny rooma, with board.
FRANKLIN. 50J — Sunny front room; breakfast
and dinner: bath: gss; $1( mo.: private fam.
TTRK. 214— Elegantly furnished alcove and
parlor suites; tlngi* rooms; board optional;
moderate.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market St.— Ble-
ga&tly furnished sunny rooms: en suite or sln-
fle: with or without beard; table first class;
reduced rates.
ROOMS A.YD BOARD.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
A — HOTEL La Normandie, EM Eddy — Sunny
suites and single rooms; everything new; flrst-
class table and service; prioes moderate.
-A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has beea established at 10M Va-
lencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, KOO Flllmore.
TWENTY-SECOND. ££2-Bunny rooms, double
or tingle, furnished; gas and bath.
THIRTEENTH. S3. near Valencia- Large front
room, with closet: rent $6. ,
THE OAK 6. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good pecfcle. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
BT. PETER'S House. 70S California— Chanced
nana»; nicely furnished rooms; also house-
keeping rooms.
SATURDAY. MAItCH 10.
BIXTH. S2S— Sunny furnished rooms, Jl to « 80;
ciosct in every room; also housekeeping suit*.
PHOTWELL, 756. near 22d-Furolshed room to
let: 83 a month.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
DIVIDED NOTICES.
SAN ANTONIO, n Taylor near Market— An
up-to-date- fireproof building; elevator: new
furniture; hot and cold water; radiators; salt
tea baths; suites and single rooms.
ROFKDALE House, sis * sn Ellis »t.— Rooms.
Bight. 2^c to tl: week. $1 ti to $4; open night.
OTA . L HoUM - "« Ellis et.— incandescent light,
reading room, unoklng rocm and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nisht. SSe to $1 M; week. $2 to
It; month. iS to $20; elevator on office floor;
rocir.s with hot and cold water; baths.
•OWELL. Ul-Light. clean, comfortable rms.;
runes cr elnglc; running water; gas; reas.
r ?£7' ifi:j - A ; n alcove; al«o single furnished
roon-.»; rie, bath, phone.
FERRY. 841— Four rooms to rent; very low.
°C-?f?.i5 5 ~5 >ne • van *' furnished room; use bath;
suitable for gentlemen; $6.
cost of all material. In IS97' lumber and
all building material was very cheap,
with little demand. Rough: pine that- is
now $18 - was • then only $S per : thousand
feet. Rough I pine No. 2 \ was sold three
years ago for $6 50 per thousand feet. At
this price the lumberman was just paid for
sawing, transporting and piling the lum
ber in his yards; yet. there was far less
activity in building then than there Is to
day. In real estate it Is the same — every
body buys when prices are high and when
prices are low they fear to -Invest.- --'lt Is
not likely that building material . of any
kind will ¦ this year be any lower than
present high prices. Nails. are now up to
$5 per keg. All Iron and steel goods have
gone up.' r
Russell & Surryhne report the following
recent sales made:
Two houses and lot, 45x122:6, at 414-415
Capp street, between v Nineteenth and
Twentieth.' $5750; house and lot at 2532
Washington street, between I"'ilmore and
Steiner, lot 23x102, $3750; lot on the east
erly line of Fourth street, between Bryant
and Brannan, 25x75, $3500; house and lot at
21 Welsh street, between Third and
Fourth, lot 20x80, $1400; lot on the west
line of Steiner Btreet. 82:6 feet south cf
McAllister street, 27:6x105, $3250; flfty-vara
lot northwest corner Halght and Devisa
dero streets, $18,000; lot 25x120 on Thirty
fourth avenue, between J and X streets,
$75; lot on Twenty-eighth avenue, between
A and B streets, 75x120, $500; lot on south
line of McAllister street. 230 feet west of
Stplner street, 25x137:6, $3250; lot on cast
line of Noe street, 75 feet south of Thir
teenth, 25x100, $1600; lot on the south Him
of Thirteenth street, 75 east of Noe, 24x100.
$1200; lot on the south line of McAllister
street, 105 west -of Steiner. 25x137:6, $SoW);
four flats and lot, 37:6x122:6, at 849 Cai-p
street, $5750; lot. on north line of Athens
street, 250 feet east of Persia avenue, iOx
100, $500; lot on north line of Sixteenth ave
nue, between N and O, South San Fran
cisco; $1650. tJ
Burnham & Marsh ¦ Co. have sold
for account of Union Trußt Company, to
the George L. Payne Bolt Works, lot
45:10x137:6 on southeast line of Howard
street. 91 feet southwest of Spear, for
$15,000; also lot 25x120, with four French
flats renting for $30 a month, on east line
of Second avenue, 350 feet north of Geary
street, for John Peters, to Otto G. Bcr
ger, for $2750. .
Easton. Eldrldge & Co., at their regular
auction sale on Tuesday, sold the follow
ing pieces of. real estate: Residence and
lot 25x106:3, on west side ef Cole street,
55 feet south of Pacific, $6000; flat, build
ing and lot 25x100, on west side of Howard
street. 212:6 east of Twelfth. $4900; lot 25x
90:6. on west side of Fillmore street. 103
feet north of Sacramento, $4500: lot
20:2x67:6 feet and two-story, brick build
ing, on north side of Merchant street, 23
feet east of Dunbar alley, $3400; residence
and lot 34:4^x137:6 feet, on the south side
of Catlforna street, 206:3 feet east of Stei
ner, $4500; flat building and lot 25x137:6
feet, on south side of Pine Btreet. 137:6 feet
east of Buchanan, $6100, subject to con
firmation; fiat building and lot 27:6x137:6.
on north side of Fulton street, 192:6 feet
west of Gough. $4250, subject to confirma
tion; cottage and Irregular lot, with a
frontage of 30:3 feet on south side of
Twenty-ninth street, 114 west of Dolores,
and a depth of 114 feet, $1650; lot on north
westerly side of Tehama street, 25x70,
with tnree-story building. ' 105 feet from
northeast of Third. $2400; lot on south side
of Filbert street. 75x87:6, 87:6 feet east of
Leavenworth, $3000. •
M. L.. Wurts of Oakland reports the
following sales: . ¦
Nine-room house and lot on west side of
College avenue, north of Bancroft way,
Berkeley ,to Mrs. Cowpertwalte, for $4500;
140-feet frontage on Telegraph avenue, cor
ner of Stuart street, to J. A. Marshall, for
$3000; 100-feet frontage on Salem street,
near Fortv-thlrd, to Jennie Wallance, for
$1000; 140-feet frontage on Telegraph ave
nue and Ward street, Berkeley, to J. A.
Marshall, for $2500: lot 100x150 feet. on Sa
lem street, near Forty-third, Emeryville,
to George B. Hill; for $SO0; corner of Blake
and Ellsworth streets. 120x135 feet, to Ame
lia A. Kellogg, for $2000; lot 7 In block F,
Leonard Tract, Berkeley, to J. A, Mar
shall, for $600.
THE past week has been one of un
usual dullness in real estate circles
so far as actual transactions * are
concerned, although this statement
should not be taken : to Indicate any
falling off In the business of the brokers
or a weakening of the demand for good in
vestment properties. A • number iof sales
have been recorded, several of them In
volving sums around the 120,000 mark and
two or three deals were practically closed
which will foot up into the hundreds of
thousands." That there was somewhat
less inquiry than during the previous week
was undoubtedly due to the, rain, but
brokers are very well satisfied; with the
existing conditions and no complaints are
heard.
There Is considerable speculation as to
the character of the building which Mr.
Flood will erect on the Baldwin Hotel
site, and while the opinion is freely ex
pressed that ¦ a great hotel would be th«
proper thing and the best paying Invest
ment, the owner of the property has as
yet given no indication of his intentions.
Market-street property Is receiving con
siderable attention these days, both from
would-be investors and owners desirous
of improving 'their holdings. In
this connection the March f number o j
the Real Estate Record, published by
G. H. Umbsen & Co.. says: It is be
coming apparent that the Interest In
upper Market street which was checked
by the period of dull times has revived.
Investment is once more taking p ace be
yond , the old Baldwin Hotel section and
Improvements in the way of new build
ings or in the renovation of old structures
are being pushed. The Ede purchase at
Market and Ninth streets, the Urge oulld
ing being erected by the Hale brothers
on the main thoroughfare near Sixth
street and the tearing down of the Wil
son buildings adjoining' ln order to make
place for a better class of construction
are among the marks, of the times. To
these may be added the Macdonough
building and the magnificent structure
contemplated by James L. i lood on the
former site of the Baldwin. Investment
and improvement are also making .them
selves apparent on streets contiguous to
Market street, as in the case of the pur
chase for construction by General Clunle
of the property on the southeast corner
of Golden Gate avenue and Leavenworth
street and the building up of the Callag
han estate gore on Market and McAllister
streets. It is a healthy sign when owners
Improve their property and when pur
chasers make investments for the sake of
construction. In the case of upper Mar
ket street it is to be regretted that the
changes under way in the splendid Barron
gore are not of substantial and liberal
order but apart from this and one or two
other exceptions the march- of progress
has again been taken -up In earnesv' •
According to Thomas Magee & Son s
Real Estate Circular, during I the past
month $1,763,143 was lent In all on city real
estate and $2,074,980 was released. "Of
these sums private lenders put out $481,
068 and released $932,373. The Hibernia
Bank lent $512,955 In February and released
$510 207- the German Bank lent |361,400 and
released $314,600: the Savings Union lent
$33 400 on city real estate and released
$o6!o<JO. It continues to be a marvel how
on an improved real e3tate market there
is no Increase of demand for money on
mortgage. "
"A loan of $157,000 was last month made
on the Odd Fellows' Hall property, south
corner of Seventh and Market streets, at
6^i per cent a year, the estate lending the
money paying the mortgage tax. This
year, with a tax rate for city and State
of $1 63 on each $100 of assessed value, the
net rate to the lender will be only 3.87 per
cent. On the tax rate of the previous
year, ?1 SO. it would only be $3 70., We hear
that one of our savings banks was willing
to take this loan at hVi per cent a year,
but it was too late in making the offer,
the agreement with the new lender hav
ing already been made at the reduced
rate. A reduction to B^i per cent a year
was not unexpected on large loans, be
cause of the fact that borrowers at 6 per
cent are simply not to be found."
The same publication has the following
of interest to builders:
"Before the close of 3S9S rough lumber
dropped to $14 and in the early part of
1899 it was raised to $17 and $18. At pres
ent rough lumber is $13 per thousand feet.
Building is very active In spite of the high
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Samuel and Frances Crozler to Isaac Ellaser.
lot on E line of Fillmore street, 137:6 N of
Hayes. N27by E 137:6; $10. ;
Co-operative Mutual Building asd Loan As
eoeiatlon to Edward H. Stroecker, lot on W
line of Seymour street, 75 S of Turk, S 25 by
W 90: $1500.
Jane A. Kirby to John F. Kirby, lot on NE
line of Lafayette street, 105 NW ot Howard,
S«"W 23, NE H0.64, S-E 23, SW 56.95; $400.
Mary and Thomas Davles to William T. and
Fanny Daviea, lot -on S line" of Eighteenth
street, 35 E of Sanchez, E 23 by S 100; $10.
Margaret J. Mette to Robert White, undivided
one-seventh -of lot on E line of Jansen street,
11:6 N of Greenwich, N 66 by E 50: $240.
John White to same, same; $400.
Elizabeth W. Scott to Jane G. White, same;
$250. -¦.--¦• -- - •¦- ¦ ¦ .. •..
William White to same, same; $230. '
Sarah O. W. Glbb to same, same; $200.
Robert White to same, undivided three
seventh of same: $1000.
Mountford S. and Flora C. Wilson .to Robert
S. Moore, Potrero Nuevo block 201, bounded by
Wisconsin. Sixteenth (Center). Eighth and
Carolina streets (quitclaim deed): $10. - ¦•
Same to Seattle Brewing and Malt Company
(corporation), lot on SW corner of Kansas and
New Channel (or Division) streets, S 110 by W
100 (quitclaim deed): $10. ,
Myra A.. Frank M.. Geonte D.. Fred A. and
Jennie B. Greenwood to John J. Lynch, lot on
SW corner of Fourth avenue and Lake street.
W 32:6 by 8 100; $10.
Same to Helen G. Day, lot on S line of Lake
3treet 67:6 E of Fifth avenue, E 23 by S 100;
$10. i
Stephen R. and Maurice O'Keefe to H. J.
Conradt lot on -W line of Thirty-first avenue,
59:11 S 'of A street. S 50, W 156, NW 51, E
165:6; $1.
A. W. Burtls Jr. to. David Wooster, all In
terest In the following: Lot. on SE corner of
A street and Thirty-eighth avenue. S 100, E 85.
N 30,. W 75, thence 100; also lot on NW corner
of X street and Thirty-fifth avenue, N 50 by
H F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to Annie
Walpole, lot on E line of Wheat street, 230 N
of Salinas, N 25 by E 100. block ZS, Garden
Tract Homestead Association: $10.
Ida Mentz to George Quarry lot on S line of
Belgrave street. 421:3 E of Stanyan. E 50 by
S 100' block 8, subdivision 1, Clarendon Heights;
$10.
James P. Smith (by attorney) to Peter A.
Smith, lot 7, block A, Park Hill Homestead No.
2; i"00. \.v_. ' ¦'
J. L Moulthrop (by Thomas O'Brien, Tax
Collector) to William Nlcol," lot 41. West End
Homestead Association (tax deed); $4.
Alameda County.
C. F. Marwedel to E. 11. Marwedel. lot on B
line of Fruitvale avenue, 724.65 N of East
Fourteenth street, N 45 by B 300, being portion
lot 11. Bray Tract, Brooklyn Townshlo; $10.
L. E. Kelly to Patrick and Teresa Boyle, lot
on E Hne of Kelly avenue, 100 N of Excelsior
N 50 by E 130, being lot 2S, | Kelly Tract, Oak
land: XAO. ¦ / _•¦"_ ¦ ?• :
William J. and Caroline L.- Gardner to W.
C. Moran. lot on SE. corner of Mariuosa and
Dover streets S 222 by E 125.' lots 2 to «, block
F, Brumagim Tract, lying W of Shattuck ave
nue Oakland: $10. '...¦
9 \V C and Lillle G. Moran tO'Johan Nord,
lot on E line of Dover street, •46 S of Marl
posa avenue, S fiS by E US, being lots 4 and 6.
block F. same tract (subject to a mortgage for
$3W);'ilo., - , ¦¦
Paul and Mary J. Lohse to Victor Metcalf
(trustee), lot on E line of Franklin street, 345
N of Durant, B ¦ 150, N. 5, thence N on a lln-?
deflective 10 degrees 4 minutes; to the left 43.7
feet, thence W; 142, S 50 to beginning, block 273,
Oakland; $2692.
O. W. Fisher and as trustee to Puget Sound
Lumber Company (corporation), lot on S line
of Menlo Btreet. 230 E of San Pablo avenue. S
96 E 25, N ¦ 97.60, W 2o to beginning-, belne a
portion of lot 7, block A, Gaskill Tract, Oak
land- also lot on. S line of. Menlo street. 203 E
of San Pablo avenue. S 96.02 by E 25, beinr a
portion of lot 7. same; $25. w ....
1 Earll I H. and , Sadie C. Webb to Frances E.
Gregory lot on SE corner of Hilgard and Le
Roy avenues, E 125 by S 50. being lot 5, block
17. Daley's Scenic Park,* Berkeley; $725. r% .
Real 1 Estate Combine ¦of • San Francisco . to
Realty Syndicate (corporation), parcel of land
known as the Lorin Heights Tract, as per
amended map of Lorln • Heights Tract, ¦ and
bounded on the N by Wilder street, E by Low
ell S by Prince and W by. Baker Tract, Berke
ley; $10. ¦¦¦„¦-:. .- ¦ - '-¦¦-¦ ''- ¦ •-, . ¦ '\i .:¦; ¦¦¦
Builders' Contracts.
¦Hilda H. : Root. -wife of J. W;,' (owner) with
Felix » Msrcuse ¦ (contractor), architect ¦ B." E.
Remmel— All work for a one-story frame cot
tage on W*l!ne of Twenty-third avenue, ,150 N
of California street. Nsoby W 120; 31500. ,' .
Frank Merrill (owner) with Fred Miller (con
tractor),: architect M. J. Welsh— All ; work for
a three-«tory frame building (store and-.tene
ments) on 8 ljne of Twenty-fourth street.; 60
E of Harrison. E 23 by S 104; $4000. *.-, . - ¦. --;
-Amelia* E .Tucker (owner) with Charles *M.
Lindsay (contractor), architect R. H. White-
All work except concrete work and excavating
for front of- building, > plumbing.-, painting, elec
trical work, marble, work and tiling for en
trance "mantels and 'gas fixtures ; for. a three
story and basement frame building, also altera
tions and ' additions •to a two-story and part
basement frame : building on ' N line ' of Geary
street. 220. W of Larkin, .W,27:6 by N 120; $6550.
¦Same owner 'with G." C. : Sweeney (contractor),
architect same— Plumbing and drainage ¦ for
same on same; $1474.. - -
V hsy N wUdfi fwmer. Eighth-New furnished
r<y window room. 81 per week; transient.
MASON. CISB. near Sutter— Elecant. larre
¦upny room, agitable for^Ue^Sr
ASSESSMENT notice— Wlttraro Propeller Com-
pany, office and principal -place of business,
226 Market st., San Francisco.
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held on the 9th day of
March. ISOO. an assessment (No. 8) of -three
<3) cents per share was levied upon the capi-
tal stock of the corporation, payable Imme-
diately in United States gold coin to the sec-
retary at the office of the company . at th^s
above address. . ;
Any nock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid en the Uth day of April, 1900,
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment Is made
before, will be sold on the 2Sth day of April,
1500. to pay the delinquent assessment, to-
gether with costs of advertising and expenses
of sale. By order of the Board of Directors.
F. WITTRAM JR.. Secretary.
226 Market st.
cry streets. . where th« funeral Mrvicei -will
be held under tbe auspices of Hermann Lodge
No. 127. F. and A* M. Remains at the par-
lors of Theo. Dierks, 857 Mission street.
LOESCH— In this city, March «, 1900, Charles
Loesch, beloved father of Frank and Aibert
Loesch, Mrs. W. M. Schoene. Mrs. H. Heck
and Mrs. J. F. Schwitzer, a native of Ger-
many, aged 65 years 10 months and 12 days.
(Eastern capers please copy.): . .
IT7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street,
thence to Red Men's Hall, CiO Bush street,
where services will be" held commencing at
2 o'clock, under the auspices of San Francisco
Btamm No. 246. U. O. R. M-. and Yerba
' Buena Lager No. 8, U. O. R, M. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LUEDTKE— In this city, March ». 1909. Ma-
thilde Luedtke, beloved - mother of Mrs. • F.
Kruse. Mrs. L. H. G. Haensel and . Paul
Luedtke, a native of Chemnitz, Sachsen.
Germany, aged 83 years. " '.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MADDEN— In Manila. June 13, 1899. Joseph I.
Madden of Battery L, Third Artillery, beloved
son of M. J. and Sarah Madden of 1627 Fol- ¦
sorn street, a native of San Francisco.
E7lnterment National Cemetery, Presidio,
this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock.
MASSOLETTI— In Boston. March ». 1900, Rosa
Hooper MassoletU. sister of George F., Wil-
liam B. and the late Joseph. Kent Hooper.
MAUGHAM— In this city, March 8. 1900. James
Maugham, beloved husband of the late Eliza-
beth Maugham, a native of Yorkshire, Eng-
land, aged S2 years 10 months and 12 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday),, at 8:80 o'clock, from St. Stephen's
Church, Fulton street, near Flllmore. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MEYER— In Golden Gate, March 9, 1900, Ger-
rlt Jan, beloved husband of Johanna W.
Meyer, and father of Anthony, Andrew,
Henry. John, Johanna. LUlie and Lydla
Meyer, a native of Holland, aged 43 years 9
months and 4 days.
icy Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, on Sixty-fourth street, between Idaho
and Baker. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oakland.
POCOCK— In Alameda, March 8, 1900, Arthur
Ferdinand, youngest son of W. R. T. and
Cecelia Mcl Pocock, aged SI years and 2
months.
E7Frlends are Invited to the funeral
this day (Saturday), at 9:80 o'clock, from
St. Joseph's Church, Alameda. Interment pri-
vate.
RADFORD— In this city. March », 1900, at her
residence, 2735 California street. Joanna, be-
• loved wife of the late Michael Radford, and
beloved mother of James, George, Joseph and
Margaret Radford and the late Mrs. R. . F.
Powers and Edmund Radford, a native of
Ireland, aged 70 years and 9 months.
SEVENING— In Alameda. March 7, 1900, Louisa
Sevenlng. beloved wife of Henry Sevenlng,
and mother -cf Mrs. Frank Miller and Lulu
and Alma Sevenlng, a native of German}-,
aged 58 years 4 months and 25 days. (Tuol-
umne County papers please copy.)
lETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2(33 Central avenue. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
SIMS-In this olty, March B, 1900. Captain
Albert Sims, a native of Nova Scotia, aged
C 3 years.
C7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:80 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall. Seventh and Market streets. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains at the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company,
405 Powell street, near Poet.
SLAVIN— In this city, March 8. WOO. at 1303
Broadway. Sadie C., beloved daughter of
Mary and the late Patrick Slavln, a native of
Ean Francisco.
C7A solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated in St. Brlgld's Church for the repose of
her soul this day (Saturday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are respectfully Invited to attend.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WHEELER— In. this city, March 8, 1900. Delno
Otis, beloved husband of Lucy Wheeler (nee
Brooks), and nephew of Mrs. Charles Ly-
man, a native of Massachusetts, aged 47 years
11 months and 22 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Bethany Congre-
gational Church, Bartlett street, between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
YAMANE— In the City and County Hospital.
March 9, 1900, Sukecaburo Yamane, a native
of Japan, aged 28 years.
mangh. henc* Feb 8. Feb 29— Stmr Le*lanaw.
hence Feb 13.
Balled Feb 13— Br stmr Port Albert, for Ma
nila. Feb 25— Haw bark Andrew Welch, for
San Francisco.
CALLAO— Arrived March B— Br ship Senator,
from Barry. '? <. *
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March »-Br shio For
rest Halt, hence Oct (. "
- MAKAWELI— To sail March I— Stmr Charles
Nelson, for' San Francisco.
In port Feb 28— Bark Edward May. for San
Francisco.
Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Charles Nelson, hence
Feb 11.
NANAIMO— Sailed March B— Stmr Mlneola.
for San Francisco. -.
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb 20— Br ship Inver
cess-shlre. from sea. Feb 22— Br bark High
lands, from Newcastle. NSW. Feb 23— Schr
Fred E Sander, from 'Port Gamble: srhr Jes
sie Minor, from Eureka: ship W F Babcock.
from New York." -Feb- 25 — Ger bark Arnold,
from Bremen :-schr Prosper, from Newcastle.
NSW. Feb 2C-Ship Tillie E Starbuck. hence
Feb 10: Haw bark Star ot Bengal, from New
castle. NSW. Feb 23— Stmr Alameda. hence
Feb 21: March 2— Whaling bark Gayhead. hnc
Jan 11.
Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Australia, for San Fran
cisco: bark Northern Light, for Puget 3oun«l:
schr Mary E Dodge, for San Francisco: Haw
bark Nunnana. for Kahulul: ahlD John M
Donald, for Hilo: schr Henry Wilson, for Port
Townsend: Br stmr Aorangl. for Victoria: Br
Fttnr Carlisle City, for San Francisco. Feb 23 1 -
Sohr Alice Klmball. for Klhel. Feb 24— Bktn
Skaglt. for Port Townsend; bark Alex Mc-
Nelll. for Port Townsend. Feb 23— Br ship
Poseidon, for Port Townsend; stmr City of Rio
de Janeiro, for Honzkonc Feb 28— Schr De
fiance, for Port Townsend; Ger ship C*e3ar»a.
for Port Townsend; Br ship Holywood. for
Port Townsend; stmr Alameda, for Sydney.
March I— Bktn Arago. for Astoria; schr OUa
nogan. for Port Townsend: Br ship Champion,
for ' Royal ¦ Roads. "March 2— Schr Emma Clau
dlna, for San- Francisco, via Mahukona; whal
ing bnrk Gayhead. for cruise.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Jan I»— Bark
Rufus E Wood, for Honolulu. Jan 21— Br ship
HUston. ffcr Honolulu. Jan 23— Br sh'.D Gre
nada, for Honolulu. Jan 24— Ship M P Grace,
for Honolulu. Jan 26— Haw bark Himalaya,
for Honolulu. Jan 2»— Nor bark Fortuna for
Honolulu: bark Sonoma, for Honratu. Jan 30—
Br ship KfnsinKtnn. t^T San Francisco. F*h 5
— Pchr Lyman D Foster, for Kahultii. Feb 11—
Ship Agenor. for Honolulu. Feb 11— Ektn Rob
ert, Sudden, for Honolulu.
In port Feb 11— Br ship Australia, for Hono
lulu ; ship Bangalore. f.->r Honolulu: bark Car
rollton, for Kahulul: bark City of Ad?!alcl».
for Honolulu; shin ElweU. for Honolulu: ship
Hecla. for Honolulu: Ger «hlp Marie, for Hnno-
Jnlu: ship Standard, fcr Honolulu; V.t ship
Windsor Park, for Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived March 9— Stmr Ems.
from New York, for Naples, etc.
NEW YORK— Arrived March »-Stmr State
of Nebraska, from Glasgow.
REAL ESTATE IS QUIET.
KOOMS TO tBT-P,ni. and Cnforo.
HE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 10, 1900.
tot caix CAuaatxut
March. UM.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 13 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company, will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Saturday. March 10. 1900. Transfer
books will close on Saturday. March 3.
1900. at 12 o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Seo.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and - Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to' San
Francisco . Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the came at both places.
Sun rises 1:23
San sets .- «:12
Moon sets ; 3:00 a. m.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend. No. 15. of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company. 430 Cali-
fornia St.. Ean Francisco, on March 10, 1900.
Transfer books close March 3. ISOO. at noon.
• A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Alfred Romer. 57. 405 Fourth street, and An-
nie Keller, 20, S3 Juniper street.
William A. Elsasser, 28, city, and Jennie
Berber. 28. city.
John H. Smith, 43. E2l Jones street, and
Melissa Etuart. 3S, C2l Jones street.
Luduvig Robins, 46, 61 Tehama street, and
Catherine O. Lawlor. 42. 61 Tehama street.
Paul Verdler. 55. 813 Vallejo street, and
Mariette Athcnour. 25. 813 Vallejo street.
Anders C Lauridsen. S7, Boca. Nev., and
Hilda Olien. 80. Boca, Nev. ¦ ¦
NOTB-In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the thiroX time column the third tid*
and the last or light hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes th» height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference !s the mean of the lower low waters.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS ;
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will net be inserted. They must bt handed
In at «lther of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
DODGE— In this city. March 1. ISOO, to the
wife of J. L. Dodge, a daughter. . v
KAHN— In this city. February IJ, 1900. to the
wife of W. E. Kahn, a daughter.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• — Steamers leave Broadway
|^ wharf, San Francisco:
MW||^^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
¦BPPSfei^ Change to company's stp.-imfrs
Hs^^H^i&i For Victoria. Vancouver <B.
M^K^rtnttl C), Port Townscnil, Seattle.
Tacoma. Ev»rett. Anacort^s
and N»w Whatcom (Wash).
- "** 10 a. m.. Mar. 12. 17. K. J7.
Apr. 1. and every fifth day thereafter: ehanice
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Eay), 2 p. m.. Mar.
10. IS. 20. 25. 30. Apr. «; and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Crus, Monterey. Pan Simeon. Cay-
ncca. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavtota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
a. m.. Mar. 12. 19. 20. 24. 29. April 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(Ban Luis Obtspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a. m..
Mar. 10. 14. 18. 22. 25. 30, Apr. S. and every
fourth day thereafter. - *
For Ensenada. Magdalena Eay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 19 a. m.. Mar. 8, and 7th
of each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain company's
folder. ;
The company reserves the right to chanjc*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OK KICK —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIN3 St CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. 00.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS Tf>
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE £12 First Class Including Berth
IAnC $3 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
March 14, 24. AprlJ 3
COLUMBIA sails March- 9. ID. 23. April 8
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and" all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C. WARD. General Agent.
. CO Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent!!.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITCW YOU. SOUTHAMPTON. LOSDOX FAXI3L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul March 14 St. Paul April i
Kensington ...March Jl St. Louis April It
New York March 2S New York April 13
RED STAR LINE.
New Yorlr, ai)d Antwerp.
From Xsw Ycrk every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ..March 14 Friesland April 4
Kensington ...March 21 Southwark April 11
Noordland ....March 2S Westernland ...April IS
', • . EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcbael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
3) Montgomery st.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. in..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, railing at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG MARU..... ...Saturday. March 31
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April T".
AMERICA MARU ..Saturday. May 19
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelcht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market st.. corner First.- ¦ ,
W. V. AVERY, General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW TORK— PARIS— LONDON-HAMBtTRO.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
. Also New York- Hamburg Direct.
For sailing, etc.. apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. S7 B"dw*y. NY;
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION .
Reserved for Co.'s passengers on application.
HERZOG & CO.. G«i. Agts. for Pacific Coast,
401 California St.. cor. Sansome, S. F. ' ;
feanMMiA Th<> 3. S. Maripcsi
fjfcfili»|i. 'alls via Honolulu ar.J
irniim Auckland for Sydn»v
M — I Wednesday, March a,
Cinr f A at %p. m.
CXCdIIDIH^ ,^,, 9 for Honolulu
fOlilD3fiJh Wednesday. April 4.
Favorite line around tbe world via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. I Suez.
England, etc. : $810 first cla3S.
I. 0. SPKtCKELS 4 eSOb. CO.. Agts.. !I4 Motrtaoaierj
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St FrcightOfflce.327 Market St.
¦/AAff A<> I HIT HATUOa .55OOToai
KOSNOS UNEsk&^sssks:
S^K APIS .4000 Tons
Monthly ««"'"g for Valparaiso and Hamburg
T i» Vexiean ports, Central. Soath America, etc
S. S. BATHOS SAILS ABOUT HAQC3 14
J. D. BrRirXEI.S * BROS. CO- »*™t«. 114 *nt*>m*rj St
COMFaONIB 6Z3ZRILE TBISSATL ASTIQUEL
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE- PARI3. -^e^ts^
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <%s&£*
'Saturday, from November 2. 1533. at -<J*aj***-
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. : L'AQITrTAINE. March 15: LA
CHAMPAGNE. March 22: LA TOURAINE.
March 29: LA GASCOIGNE. April S. First
class to. Havre, 160 and upward; 5 per cent re-
duction on rourd trip. Second class to Havre,
JWS; 5 per cent reduction on rounJ trip. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, •32 Broadway (Hudson bultdtng).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery av<?.. San Franflsco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS^
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON..Tur3.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat, at 9:43
a. m.: 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Tburs. nl?ht>; Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 3
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Mala 15CS.
FARE 50e
Street—
11
Time Ball.
«m.
Mo
To.
i a
IT ~u~ H
~n ~tt ~n
Pr.
'March i.
I
11
IT
13
Vt
17
•* Flr»t Quarter,
¦* March T.j
©^BUMuon,
Mroh 18.
ff Lut Quartan
U 13
IT IT
II
• N«w Mocn. ¦
March so.
1
a Time Time Tim* ITlmel
• Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. I— —l Ft.
» L. W H W I. Wj |H VT\
16 ... 0:59 8.1 «:48 5.0 1:64 0.3 8:55 4.4
11 ... 2:05 8.1 7:55 8.0 S:4l 0.3 9:85 4.»
12 ... 2:59 2.7 8:54 S.O 3:20 0.4 10:10 \9
18 ... 3:42 2.3 9:*B 5.1 8:54 0.8 10:43 5.1
14 ... 4:20 1.9 10:83 ' E.I 4:80 0.9 11:10 5.!
15 ... 4:55 LSI 11:151 8.0 B:00 1.1 11:35 8.3
1« ... 6:29 1.8 11:57| 4.9 i:27| 1.4
Steamer.
I
From.
Due.
A Blanchard... Coos Bay - .... Mar. 1»
Aloha Crescent City Mar. 10
Bonlta Newport |Mar. It
Tellu* Oyster Harbor Mar. 10
State of Oal Portland Mar. 11
Robt. Adamson Nnna1m0. ....... _ Mar.- 11
Newport Panama Mar. 11
Bristol Oyster Harbor Mar. 11
Arcata Coos Bay - Mar. U
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. 11
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 12
Profcreso Tacoma Mar. 1J
Washtenaw ... Tacoma Mar. 12
Homer Portland Mar. 12
Wellington Oyster Harbor Mar. 12
Pomona San Diego Mar. 1?
San Pedro Humboldt Mar. 12
Hathor Hamburg Mar. 12
Queen Victoria St Puget Sound Mar. 13
Gaelic China and Japan... „ Mar. 13
Orizaba Humboldt •. Mar. 13
Kmplre Coos Bay Mar. 13
P^nraohr Oyater Harbor Mar. M
Willamette .... Seattle ~ Mar. 13
Coos Bay Newport Mar. 14
Matteawan Tacoma Mar. 14
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 15
Batnoa Humboldt... Mar. 15
Geo. W. Elder. Portland... |Mar. 18
Corona San Diego IMar. H
Steamer.
I Dfstinat:
lon.
Is.
Pier.
Pier U
PMSS
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier *
Pier 11
Pier 13
I Pier 2
iPler 11
Pier 24
Corona ..... San Diego
Acapulco .. Pinama
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena..
Orizaba .... Humboldt. .».. l
Samoa ..... Humboldt.....
City Fuebla Vie it Pgt Sd.
Bonita Newport
Aroata Coos Bay
Aloha Crescent City.
Pomona .... San Diego
State of Cal Portland
Newbur* .. Gray* Harbor
North Fork Humboldt
City Peking China & Japan
Homer Oregon Ports.
Coos Bay... Newport
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd.
O. W. Elder Portland
Mar. 19. 11 am
Mar. 10. 13 m
Mar. 10. 2pm
Mar. 10. 2pm
Mar. 10. 10 am
Mar. 12. 10 am
Mar. 12. 9 ami
Mar. 12. ID am
Mar. 12. S pm 1
Mar. 14. 11 am
Mar. 14. 10 am
Mar. 14. 12 m
Mar. 15, 9am
Mar. 15. Ipm
Mar. 15. 14 am
Mar. 16. 9am
Mar. 17. 10 am
Mar. 19. 10 am
Pier »
PMSS
Pier 20
Pier U
Pier 9
Pier 14
Steamer.
I
From.
Due.
A Blanchard... Coos Bay - .... Mar. 1»
Aloha Crescent City Mar. 10
Bonlta Newport |Mar. It
Tellu* Oyster Harbor Mar. 10
State of Oal Portland Mar. 11
Robt. Adamson Nnna1m0. ....... _ Mar.- 11
Newport Panama Mar. 11
Bristol Oyster Harbor Mar. 11
Arcata Coos Bay - Mar. U
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. 11
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 12
Profcreso Tacoma Mar. 1J
Washtenaw ... Tacoma Mar. 12
Homer Portland Mar. 12
Wellington Oyster Harbor Mar. 12
Pomona San Diego Mar. 1?
San Pedro Humboldt Mar. 12
Hathor Hamburg Mar. 12
Queen Victoria St Puget Sound Mar. 13
Gaelic China and Japan... „ Mar. 13
Orizaba Humboldt •. Mar. 13
Kmplre Coos Bay Mar. 13
P^nraohr Oyater Harbor Mar. M
Willamette .... Seattle ~ Mar. 13
Coos Bay Newport Mar. 14
Matteawan Tacoma Mar. 14
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 15
Batnoa Humboldt... Mar. 15
Geo. W. Elder. Portland... |Mar. 18
Corona San Diego IMar. H
a Time Time Tim* ITlmel
• Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. I— —l Ft.
» L. W H W I. Wj |H VT\
16 ... 0:59 8.1 «:48 5.0 1:64 0.3 8:55 4.4
11 ... 2:05 8.1 7:55 8.0 S:4l 0.3 9:85 4.»
12 ... 2:59 2.7 8:54 S.O 3:20 0.4 10:10 \9
18 ... 3:42 2.3 9:*B 5.1 8:54 0.8 10:43 5.1
14 ... 4:20 1.9 10:83 ' E.I 4:80 0.9 11:10 5.!
15 ... 4:55 LSI 11:151 8.0 B:00 1.1 11:35 8.3
1« ... 6:29 1.8 11:57| 4.9 i:27| 1.4
Steamer.
I Dfstinat:
lon.
Is.
Pier.
Pier U
PMSS
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier *
Pier 11
Pier 13
I Pier 2
iPler 11
Pier 24
Corona ..... San Diego
Acapulco .. Pinama
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena..
Orizaba .... Humboldt. .».. l
Samoa ..... Humboldt.....
City Fuebla Vie it Pgt Sd.
Bonita Newport
Aroata Coos Bay
Aloha Crescent City.
Pomona .... San Diego
State of Cal Portland
Newbur* .. Gray* Harbor
North Fork Humboldt
City Peking China & Japan
Homer Oregon Ports.
Coos Bay... Newport
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd.
O. W. Elder Portland
Mar. 19. 11 am
Mar. 10. 13 m
Mar. 10. 2pm
Mar. 10. 2pm
Mar. 10. 10 am
Mar. 12. 10 am
Mar. 12. 9 ami
Mar. 12. ID am
Mar. 12. S pm 1
Mar. 14. 11 am
Mar. 14. 10 am
Mar. 14. 12 m
Mar. 15, 9am
Mar. 15. Ipm
Mar. 15. 14 am
Mar. 16. 9am
Mar. 17. 10 am
Mar. 19. 10 am
Pier »
PMSS
Pier 20
Pier U
Pier 9
Pier 14
«m.
Mo
To.
i a
IT ~u~ H
~n ~tt ~n
Pr.
'March i.
I
11
IT
13
Vt
17
•* Flr»t Quarter,
¦* March T.j
©^BUMuon,
Mroh 18.
ff Lut Quartan
U 13
IT IT
II
• N«w Mocn. ¦
March so.
1Will Not Appraise the Land.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
yesterday decided not to • recommend the
appointment of appraisers Ito determine
the values of the land to . be used tor the
LAST NIGHT
Of Auction Sale of
GUMP
Collection of European
PAINTINGS
SATURDAY,
March 10.
NATIVE SONS' LULL, 414 Mason
In a recent open letter regarding the responsibility in office of the Commission
ers appointed by Mayor Phelan under the new charter/ he said :
"I ACCEPT FULL RESPONSIBILITY! FOR THEIR ACTS. THEY
ARE MY APPOINTEES AND THE PEOPLE ;HAVE HONORED ME WITH
THEIR CONFIDENCE. IF A MISTAKE IS 'MADE I CAN CORRECT IT.
THE COMMISSIONERS ARE RESPONSIBLE TO ME AND I TO THE
PEOPLE/ ?\-V.v!
PRESIDENT CHAMBER OF COMMERCE SAYS:
THE city has without doubt been injured greatly by the recent scare
created by the Board of Health. That commerce has suffered I will
not hesitate testate, because it is a reasonable conclusion that when
you blockade a portion of a city the interests and trade of that " city at
large must feel its destructive effects. I have been absent from San*
Francisco for a number of days, and since my return have not had an op
portunity to study the situation closely. I do not know yet to what ex
tent our commercial interests have been damaged, but will look into the
matter closely and endeavor to repair as far as possible the injury.
..-•--¦ # CHARLES NELSON,
President Chamber of Commerce.
¦ • - ? ? ¦ ¦ ' •
OPINION PRESIDENT BOARD *OF TRODE:
FED ON BUBONIC PLAGUE MICROBES BY PHELAN'S
Misrepresentation.
The Dominican Fathers, having been ap
prised of the fact that unscrupulous per
sons are soliciting advertising for"Dom!n
icana." desire . to notify, the public that
only to persons able to show due authori
zation should advertisements be given.
¦' ¦ ) «? » ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
Mrs. Fennell's Will Found.
The long lost will of the late Winlfrea
Fennell has been found, and to-day it will
be 'r offered "for ' probate by Attorney A.
Ruef on behalf ¦of Maria T." Elliott ard
Delia ; B. Brooks, sisters ]of the deceased,
who .are ' named therein ¦as executrices.
After ' Mrs. -Fennell's death Mrs. > Elliott
and Mrs. Brooks made application to ai'
mlt I the" lost i will ; to • probate; • and claimed
that the .will was in possession of William
Fennell, decedent's husband. . Fennell de
nied I the allegation, and an expedition to
search the house jat 441 Fair. Oaks j street,
where he lived,' was organized. A few daya
ago the; wlllwas'found inialUn box in a
woodshed;* In "the? rear *of .'decedent's late
homeland will be filed ror probate to-day.
The provisions of the will are the same as
alleged by the petitioners prior to the dis
covery of the will.
- ; '¦''."¦ ¦ ¦ — ¦ ? ¦ — i — — , :•
1 1 Shoe sale going on. 717 Market st, nr. BdJ»
St. Patrick's Day Celebration.
"The executive committee of the St. Pat
rick's day . celebration met Thursday : at
Knights of the Red Branch Hall. Mission
street. ;i A; most 'elaborate, programme was
arranged and ' much ' enthusiasm was dis
played over - : the : bright prospects of * the
forthcoming, event at ¦ woodward's Pa
vilion. The best talent In the city haa
Caution to the Public.
Do not allow co-called chimney sweeps repre-
•entln* themselvss as my agents sent by the
Fire Department to enter your houses. Robbery
hat- been done under such representation. I am
not responsible tor any acts committed by them.
>5v acent* have waeons bearing my name and
address J. BISHOP, office with CHAS.
EiiOWN A SON. 607 Market at.
•; Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose win stop
a cough. Never. falls. ..Try It.'. All druggists. •
California Society Cases.
At a meeting of the California Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
yesterday Secretary Parnell made the fol
lowing report of cases handled > last
month: Complaints received. 76; inves
tigated. 70; children involved, 155; prosecu
tion*, 2; cases pending trial, 1; children
relieved, 121; placed in institutions. 13; In
families, 4; returned to parents or guar
dians, 4.
The following new members were elect
ed: Henry Bird. Henry L.'Davis, William
Haas. D. Ghlrardelli. Jay Lugsdin" Wil
liam Babcock, Edward Barry and Henry
A. Hedger. ',¦¦'¦ ' ¦
They publish for authors. Mysell-Rolllns, 22
Clay. Modern printer*, up-to-date facilities. ••
OPfcN DOOR POLICY AGAIN IN VOGUE IN CHiNATOWN.
That is about the mildest form of out-
cry a man makes when rheumatism sud-
denly tweaks him. In its worst forms
rheumatism is a living death. The vic-
tim, incapable of moving hand or foot,
Vas no part in the great procession of
life, on which he
gazes vrith hope-
less eyes. A great
many sufferers
from rheumatism,
who had given up
hope, have been
cured by the uje of
Dr. Pierces Gold-
en Medical Dis-
covery. A medi-
cine which will
cleanse the blood
from uric acid and
other poisons, will
cure rheumatism.
"Golden Medical
Discovery" has
no " equal :in its
power to cleanse
the blood and to
enrich . it. n Dis-
covery " contains
neither alcohol
nor narcotics.
"I had been troub-
led with rheumatism
for twelve years."
writes Mr. R. J. Me-
Knight, of Cades,
Wiliiamrtmrg: County,
S. C, "so bad at times
I rouid not leave my
bed. I was badly
crippled. Tried many doctors and two of them
psve we up to die. None of them did me much
jjoo4. The paian in my back, hips, and legs
(aud at time* in my head), would nearly kill
me. My apprtite was very bad. Everybody
who caw me said I must die. I took fire bottles
of • Golden Medical Discovery,' and four vials
of " PeUcts,' and,to-day my health is £ood after
•uflering twelve years with rheumatism."
Dr. Pierces Medical Adviser, in paper
binding, free on receipt of 21 one-cent
stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, NJ Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW WITNESS APPEARS
FOR MRS. CRAVEN-FAIR
Mrs. E. Roy Tells Grand Jury of a
Conversation She Had With
Simpton.
The attorneys for Mrs. Craven-Fair
played a trump card yesterday »n the
Grand Jury investigation by producing v*
witness in the person of Mrs. Elizabeth
Roy, who testified that former Justice
Simpton of Sausalito had Informed her
over four years ago that he knew some
thing about the marriage of Mrs. Craven
and Fair. Mrs. Roy said that in April,
ISS6. she was grand secretary of the Com
panions of the Forest, and on one occasion
Simpton came over from Sausalito to pay
over the per capita taxes collected from
the members of Bonita Circle, C. O. F., of
which he was then the financial secretary.
After the business had been concluded the
conversation drifted to the published re
ports in the newspapers regarding the
case of Mrs. Craven against the Fair
estate. Simpton. with a significant smile,
said:
"I know the woman who is after Fair'a
millions very well."
To this Mrs. Roy claims to have in
quired:
"Now, Mr. Simpton. do you think that
she was Fair's wife?
"Why." said Simpton. "I don't think so,
I know It and I could swear to it. You
know. I was a Justice of the Peace in
Sausalito, and you may bo sure tlm I
know something about Fair and Mrs. Cra
ven having been married."
«.
Charged With a Felony.
The case of P. J. Curtln of Curtln's de
tective agency, charged with. battery upon
H. J. Barling, an agent of Mrs. Craven,
was transferred from Judge Mogan's
court to Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday,
and Barling at once swore to a complaint
charging Curtln with a felony in assault-
Ing him with Intent to cause great bodily
injury- The case will be called this morn-
Ing. ' ¦• . -'
<I,tSMOMTtO sW 9« ¦"
SPECIAL BARGAINS
Saturday a^ Monday
GRANULATED SS SUGAR, ?£ $1,00
Best Petaluma Ranch Eggs, doz 15c
Finest Creamer* Butter, 2i ?5T s 40c
Choice 5? y n « Butter, square- ..35c
EXTRA PINEAPPLE, 2;2 ;^ e r.. 15c
The Finest In the City. Regular 23c
OYSTERS, Saddle Rock, 3 cans 25c
Singapore Pineapple, Mfcr."-. -20c
In heavy Syrup. Regular 30c
STRING BEANS, 3 cans 25c
Extra Quality. Regular tttfo.
KIPPERED HERRING. 2-lb can 20c
Imported from* Scotland. Regular 25c
Canadian Malt Extract, doz. .$2.25
Perfect rood and Nerve Tonlo. •
Send for Monthly Price Ust Free.
Country Orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp 7th. 'Phone S. 232. No Branch Stores.
REPUBLICANS OF
FIFTH DISTRICT
COME TOGETHER
Congressional Committee as
Appointed by J. Alva
Watt Organizes.
Max Goldberg Is Elected Chairman:
No Becord of the Proceedings
of the Convention of
1898 Produced.
>
.The Fifth District Republican Congres
sional', committee, which was appointed
last June by James Alva Wat v met last
evening in the office of W. H. Cobb, Par
rott building. The members of the com
mittee representing San Francisco^As
sembly districts are: E. 11 ™ 0^ h ™^
1^ H?
FamthH? n TM^y-sOTentn; Max Goldberg
Thirty-eighth; Jesse Marks. Fortieth, and
PR Danfortii. Forty-first. The Santa
r iara County members are : R. Donovan.
Fifty-fourth Assembly District; Louis
O'Neal and J. D. Mackenzie.
Fiftv^slxth The San Mateo representa-
Sve is Alvinza Hayward. Fifty-second
Assembly District. Messrs. Danfprth,
Havward and Donovan did not attend the
Sorting lSt night. All other members
W !n e cam 8 ng t ihe meeting to order James
Alva Watt said that pursuant to a resolu
«on adopted by the Republican Commit
tee of the Fifth Congressional District in
September. 1893. he U appointed the
present committee. Mr. \V att did not
read the resolution authorizing him to ap-
Doint the committee. The statement that
he was duly authorized -to appoint was
not challenged. No one asked for pro
duction of the record. Mr. Watt an
nounced that nine members pf. the com
mittee were present, remarking that he
had the proxy of R. Donovan of Santa
Clara CountyT He said that the first
business in order was the election of a
° LouS^O'Neal spoke of the important and
responsible duties which the chairman
would be called upon to perform and said
that he desired to place in nomination for
the position a true and capable Republi
can He nominated Max Goldberg. Mr.
O'Neal's ideal chairman was unanimously
C Jesse' Marks performed the irracef ul
duty of nominating Louis O'Neal for sec
retary, and the latter was also chosen by
acclamation. No reference was made
after organization to the proceedings of
the convention which nominated Mr.
Loud and authorized the appointment of
the committee.
Chairman Goldberg remarked that the
Fourth Congressional District Republican
Committee met recently and appointed a
committee to confer with the Fifth Dis
trict organization; hence he suggested
that a like committee- of conference be
appointed. . .
¦ p. H. Prendergast made an official
statement of the proceedings in the
Fourth District Committee.
- James Alva Watt did not know whether
it' would be convenient for. Republicans of
Santa Clara and San Mateo counties to
hold primaries such as were contemplated
in the Fourth District, but saw no objec
tion to the appointment of a conference
committee to discuss the question; hence
he moved that the chair appoint a com
mittee, . - ••
The ; motion prevailed and the chair ap
pointed Messrs. Watt, Cobb and French.
The chairman, Mr. Goldberg, was added
to the -committee. v
-The committee adjourned to meet at the
call of the chairman.
been procured. The object for which th«
proceeds are Intended — the Boer ambu-
lance fund— has attracted other nationali-
ties than the Irish race, and this celebra-
tion Is expected to eclipse all previous
events of this character. ¦
AFTER three days of theatrical pos
ing the San Francisco Board of
Health decided yesterday afternoon
to ring down the curtain on the
farce of its own making and slink
away from the stage before the carrots,
turnips and malodorous eggs of a justly
incensed public could reach its members.
First they would, and now they
wouldn't. With a blowing of horns they
set up a Quarantine of Chinatown be
cause a poor disease-eaten Chinese was
found in a cellar.
-The bubonic plague!" they cried In a
Eingle breath. "Let's tie up Chinatown
with rope, and for the benefit of science
ar.d our own public notoriety Practice
upon guinea-pigs, rats and other inoffen-
and the guinea
pigs inoculated. When this was done to
The satisfaction of all the members of the
Health Board they simply waited, haxing
Ixed a day for the limit of the small
beat's life* But the guinea-pig refused
to shuffle out of the world before the time
limit was reached and the members of the
Board of Health, becoming impatient at
the obstinacy of the animal, decided at
last to lift the quarantine. This was done
yesterday afternoon at a meeting of the
board, so Chinatown Is once again an
open door.
Experimenting With Germs.
From the very beginning of the farce
the Health Board has been consistently
inconsistent. Without having examined
Into the pre%-ious history of the case the
board physicians pronounced the cause of
death bubonic plague. Acting with a vir
tuous promptitude. Chinatown wa3 put
under an embargo at once. But the symp
toms of bubonic plague were not positive
enough lo satisfy the minds of the
learaed physicians, so they began experi
menting with bacilli, microbes, cultures
and other pet playthings of medical sci
ence declaring with one voice that their
judgment would have to lie in suspense
till Saturday or Sunday, at which time
the effect of the transplanted germs would
surely be shown. Seizing time by the
forelock, they called the deal oft a day in
advance.
Bubonic plague scares are no longer
treated as something to laugh at by the
public of San Francieco. Last year s
Board of Health took a fling at the sport
and was treated to an overflowing cup
of derision. The present allied band of
physicians labeled with Health Board au
thority was thirsting for notoriety and
something else. If scorn and contempt,
sneer and derision represent the former,
the members of that band have every
reason to be supremely happy.
Some rare juggling was indulged In at
the meeting yesterday afternoon. The
roll call showed the presence of Doctors
Williamson. Bazet. Baum, McCarthy and
Chief of Police Sullivan, who is an ex
offlcio member. Colonel Mendell. the
other member by virtue of his office, re
mained away. The tenor of the entire
meeting was apologetic and self-exculpa
torv — very much like the bad boy who
cried because the milk that was in the
pitcher was somewhere else after the
fall. A great deal of self-gratulatlon.
with a touch qf consolation thrown In
gratis, is shown in the speeches and the
resolutions.
Embargo Is Raised.
Dr McCarthy is responsible for the
lifting of the "blockade. The following
resolution introduced by him was unan
imously adopted:
Resolved. That the quarantine of the Chi
nese quarter now in effect be lifted on this
date at 4 o'clock p. in., providing that in the
meantime no further bulletins or Information
ar* received neceebltatini? its continuance, said
quarantine being subjected to re-establlshment
should future Investigation warrant.
Dr. "Williamson wished to gro on record
as saying that the Health Board did not
enter into the quarantine fiasco for
amusement either to the board or the
public at large, but for the purpose of
protecting the people of San Francisco.
At this time the board began to realize
that its dignity was offended, so the fol
lowing resolution was adopted, all be
ing an outgrowth of microblc revelry:
Resolved. That all Caucasian physicians at
'.endine cases in the Chinese quarter and
*mong Chinese be instructed to furnish clinical
histories of suspicious cases and also such
cases as may die while under their care, and
that the City Physician and his assistants and
the sanitary corps be instructed to make «.
house to house investigation of the Chinese
quarter with a view of determining the nature
of ailments from which Chinese under the care
of physicians of their own race may be suffer
ing, and to render complete reports to the
Board cf Health.
Then the board adjourned, no longer in
terested in barnyard stock.
Chinatown is breathing again with a
sense of restored freedom. Although the
quarantine was not rigidly enforced and
those who wished might go and come with
the exercise of a little ingenuity, the busi
ness men held celebrations last night be
cause the embargo was removed.
Denounced by Ho Vow.
Consul Ho Tow has the following: to say
Hales.
Hales.
. ¦•¦¦¦¦: ! ¦ ¦ . : ; -¦ ¦¦...''¦¦ . ¦_ -¦ - ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 10, 1900.
PLAGUE FARCE IS OVER AND
HEALTH BOARD QUITS THE STAGE
Quarantine of Chinatown Is Lifted at a Meeting
Which Brings Out Several Stars in
New and Startling Acts.
RECENT "FAKE" PLAGUE
NO JOKE AFTER ALL
I . BpwC'liHH ifO'ilungF the 1
9 .'¦-_• . • ¦ M
H we say "specials" to-day, perhaps some of the .1
B goods may linger until Monday, but it is highly B
H probable that they will be gone before to-night. B
fl' Goods equally as good will take the place of those fl
fl sold ; but if you want these, better come early to-day. I
I embroidered flouncing: 15c. 1
fl 300 yards of It— not a bit more. 33-Inch white, fl
H all-over embroidery and 45-inch colored polka -fl
R . dot embroidered flouncing. J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s -I
H price 35c and 50c the yard. I
I men's wool hose 122 C. . I
fl- men's wool mixed half hose in natural gray. fl
H J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s price 16fc— now, 1 II
g per pair . 122 C -. fl
fl men's overshirts In a men's neckwear in puffs, IS
ll good quality of cheviot. tecks, four-in-hands and 9
I ?";. SIZe * " e . Ck bows. J. J. O'Brien & ¦
H bands, sizes 14J to 17. _ , __ m
§1 f * n , Rr . „v. Co.'s price 25c, •fl
si j. j. o tsnen o: ~ jf\r fl
fl Co.'s price 50c, now 39 C n0w....' lU^
1 misses' and boys' hose. 1
II 100 dozen children's fast black seamless cotton H
fl hose, hard twisted elastic yarn, good heavy gl
H weight, extra double knees, heels and toes, I
H sizes 6 to.oi. J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s price H
N 15c, now. pair lOC 11
H ladies' real Irish balbriggan hose. 1
H ladies' imported genuine Irish balbrlggan hose, to
H out sizes with ribbed or plain tops, extra fine 9
fl. quality, with double soles, high-spliced heels Q
M and toes. J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s price 50c _^_ fl
S pair, now 3 pair for SOC H
M I 935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street. H
" I think them tho most wonderful medi-
cine for all bronchial affections."— How.
Mu. PnutY, Castle Grey, limerick, Ireland.
DDfllflfy Q Bronchial
DtlUVf ll a Troches
OP BOSTON • • ¦
• Sold fa boxes only— A-rotd fanitattona.
12
proposed St. Mary's Park. The property
owners claim that the land is worth $139.
000, and there is only $125,000 available in
the fund appropriated for the purpose.
¦ » « ¦. .
If you have never tasted Jesse Moor* "AA"
whiskey, try it and be convinced.
WIFE'S ERROR ALMOST
COST HIM HIS LIFE
Dr. Henry S. Welch Has a Miracu
¦ y lous Escape Prom Death
,: by. Poison. ,
Dr. Henry 8. Welch is receiving the con
gratulations of his friends at his narrow
escape from an untimely end. On Wednes
day,evening Dr. Welch, through a mis
take,.was given 'an overdose of an opiate,
and only the speedy means'of relief as ad
vised, by the patient himself saved the
physician's life.
Dr. Welch suffers with heart trouble,
and' was' taken very 111 on ", Wednesday
evening. He hastened to his apartment at
the. Hotel ' St. Nicholas, where, acting:
upon his instructions, his wife prepared
for him an' alleviating drink, but in | her
excitement she diluted four teaspoonfula
of the opiate instead of four drops, aa Dr.
Welch had told her. -
A moment after the patient bad s wal-
lowed the fluid ho made the discovery •
that he had taken an overdose. Dr. Stor- •
ror was at once summoned, and by the •
time he arrived on the scene Pr. welch •
was unconscious but out of danger, his .
wife having administered, according to his .
own instructions, -the necessary emetics,
and antidotes. Dr. Welch Is a well-known .
practitioner and father of Lieutenant Ly- .
man M. Welch, Twentieth Infantry, U .
8. A. : ¦ .-*• ...•••¦„¦
BEFORE USING.
AFTER USING,
BOARD OF HEALTH.
[DISAGREE with the majority of
the ©eerie on this question of there
being a plague in the city. I recog
nize the presence of a plague, but it
Is not bubonic: It is "bubon-polit
leal," and of a most dangerous charac
ter. The only remedy that I know of at
the present time is to confine the en
tire Board of Health In an air
tight room In the basement of the
City Hall and administer a supply of
"Formaldehyd," and not withdraw the
application until even' srerm of the dis
ease It effectually killed in the systems
of the men that have been guilty of per
petrating this attempted outrage on the
people cf this city. Of course the appli
cation. Juministered in the way I allut.-;,
would rtcessarlly leave some vacancies
In t h e medical fraternity and also in
the Hf-Hlth Department- But these
could be filled with great advantage 10
the community by at least men of ordi
nary intelligence If they be not "doc
tors." A greater outrage never- has
been attempted on the people of this
city than that which, thanks to the
manly stnnd taken b\ certain of the
morning papers, was exposed before the
rxll had been permitted to injure the
good name of San Irancisco.
F. VT. VAX RETNEGOM,
President Mission Improvement Club.
about the quarantine, and he voices the
sentiments of his people:
"Too much cannot be said In condemna
tion of the peculiar and outrageous action
recently taken by the Board of Health.
The Interests of my countrymen were sac
rificed and the proceeding involved the
loss of thousands of dollars. I cannot un
derstand how such farces are tolerated,
and I sound the warning that should such
a thing ever be attempted again I will
make it a matter of international conse
quence in Justice to the people whose in
terests I represent. I have been firmly
convinced that nothing of a nature to
THE effects of the recent plague scare, and attendant quarantine have
been most serious. It would :be difficult for me to state the amount
of damage donef so great has it been, not only to trade, but to the
reputation of our city. Strangers have refrained from visiting us. and the
rumors, although they have been proved to have been without founda
tion, will, I fear, have a lasting effect. ;
I consider that the action of the Board of Health was altogether pre- .
mature. When; so much is at stake great care should be exercised before
creating scares and allowing impressions to go abroad that a dread disease
is possibly in our midst. A. A. WATKINS,
President Board of Trade.
• * --•¦* ' ¦ •. ¦ , '
PRESIDENT MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION SfJYS:
THE plague scare/ as started by the Board of Health of this city, has
done irreparable iniurv to trade. It is to be deeply regretted that it
happened, and the extent to which merchants have suffered may
never be estimated. This is a time of the year when strangers are inclined
to visit this place, but thousands have been turned away by the plague
rumors and their money spent elsewhere. I hope that the newspapers
and trade organizations of the city will take action and^ explain the mis
take as clearly as possible, so that we may in part regain_ our standing
and recover a little of what we have lost. P. W. DOHB.MANN,
President Merchants' Association.
Y CONSIDER the action of the Board of
I Health aa one of very bad Judgment,
I •* considering the doubtful nature of the
Chinaman's death. It would have been
time enough to declare a condition of
plague when the result of the autopsy
had been ascertained beyond a doubt.
The people of this city may thank those
newspapers which pulled the scare mask
from their eyes and permitted them to
see the true Inwardness of the scheme to
extract money from the pocket* of tha
taxpayers— nothing lees than to provide
soft . positions j for a horde of political
heelers. No man or body of- men hav
ing the Interests . of the city at heart
would wantonly cry "mad dog" where
there was no dog in sight. It was a
false alarm raised for an ignoble pur
pose. EDWARD L. CLAPP.
President San Francisco Labor Council.
WHAT the quarantine may do in
the next few days in affecting
travel here I can't say. The
only reason that it has not had
an effect thus far is that the
time has not been long enough for the
news to get abroad and be heard by the
traveling public.
In my opinion the action of the Board
of Health was hasty and ill-advised. Of
course 'if the board was certain that
bubonic plague existed it should have
acted, but not before it was certain.
Hysterical action such as that of the
last few days can never accomplish any
good, and may, do an Immense amount
of harm.
Th* manner in which The Call has
treated the whole matter from beginning
to end is worthy of the highest com
mendation. J. C. KIRKPATRICK,
Manager Palace Hotel.
warrant such proceedings ever existed
but grant that it had, discretion could
have been exercised and the city would
not have been made so severe a sufferer
"There was' no necessity of placing all
of the Chinese quarter in quarantine. An
embargo on the premises where the death
occurred would have been sufficient
Neither was there any excuse for alarm-
Ing the land with a plague cry, for an in
vestigation could have been conducted
quietly with just as satisfactory results.'"