LONDON March 13.— The Naples correspondent of the Daily Mail telegraphs an interview he, has had with -¦ Webster
Davis. United States Assistant Secretary of the Interior. According to this Mr. Webster said:* - .;•,*'
•'When I left Pretoria the Boers were becoming desirious of peace. ':¦>¦ President Ivruger^and- General Joubert" were V the
Ftronsest opponents of the peace party." but they were becoming exceedingly- unpopular. : - 1 do not -believe -the Boers -will
resist much longer." < , - , ""'
"The correspondent says Mr. Davis declined to speak regarding, his mission, but « the general , belief . in Naples '; is ; that
tie Is bearing peace terms and a request for American mediation. . I . ? ;j.'..a. . - . . .
BOER LOSSES AS REPORTED FROM PRETORIA.
. NEW YORK, March 19.— The Sun has the following from Pretoria, March 15, via Lourenzo Marques, ' March •'„ There
Is a large number of Boers on the western border of the Transvaal, in the neighborhood of Mafeking. and that town Is sur
rounded by a very strong cordon, through which, the Boers say;, it is impossible for, the British to break. The Federal forces
are disputing with the greatest vigor an attempted advance toward the Transvaal of a British force from Kimberley. ... 7~
Advices from the Boer headquarters in the Biggarsberg range are to the effect that everything is quiet at the Natal
front. The Boer scouts have" ascertained that there are no British troops .within twenty miles of Glcncoe.. I , The; Boer po-
Fition in the Blggarsberg range is formidably intrenched, and all the passages Into the Orange Free State from 1 Natal. are
Etror.gly fortified. • ' - ¦ . V .
Despite the reverses which have recently befallen the Federal forces patriotic enthusiasm here and elsewhere in. the
Transvaal runs high. The manner in which both the Transvaal and Free State Boers, rally round their. flags Is remarkable
PRETORIA, March 17 (via Lourenzo Marques, March IS).— The gold output during February from company mines on the
Rand, which are now being worked by the Government, was 97,700 ounces. The railway between Bloemfontein and Kroonstad
has been destroyed. The British officers at Bloemfontein have shifted their quarters to new large buildings north of the town.
WEBSTER DAVIS SAYS THE BOERS WANT- PEACE.
LONDON, March 18.— The "War • Office has the following dispatch from Field Marshal Lord Roberts, dated -Bloemfonteln,-
Sunday, March IS: - ! ? ............ '
"The Guards Brigade, returned yesterday from Norvals , Pont. Several burghers have laid down their arms to
General Pole-Carew at Edenburg and elsewhere.
"The officer commanding at. Belmont reports that some deserters have come in with a Maxim,' a nine-pounder : ;
and another gun. Another- nine-pounder, has been brought into Colesberg. .The cavalry brigade has gone to Thalia 'Nohu'
In order to reassure the Inhabitants* of that district and to distribute copies of the proclamation to the people 1 of the Free
State. These proclamations -are being eagerly' sought after. , . '. . . ¦•
"Lord Methuen reached Warrenton on Marchrl6. He was in time to prevent the deviation bridge from being completely
destroyed and to secure the pontoon on lhe ; .V.aal. .~^,.\ : \ . » . • ' .• '.--¦'¦ '• ' ,
"English mail was dispatched from here by rail yesterday and to-morrow the regular service with Cape Town will be,"
reopened. ,-¦¦ • ..:¦ . - , • ' '• '•'¦' . - . : ' ' ,"- ¦ .''¦ ¦ ¦ .
"Mafeking reports that allJwas well on March 16." -. ..1.'. . ' 'Li'^V . v ,
A dispatch to the Daily Mail. from Bloemfonteln, dated Friday, March IG,' says: "We are getting rifles surrendered .- r
faster than a factory could turn them out- It is'quite certain. that if a British' official can reach' the northern laagers ¦with,;';
Lord Roberts' proclamation .the whole .Boer population will declare for peace.
"All along the Free State Railway, from* Springfontein "to : Bloemfonteln, at' every station.'Boers are coming ln : to'sur-
rendcr Mausers, Martinis and pistols, j Before the police headquarters here there is a long line of burghers who are giving
up th*>ir arms. Five hundred have already done-so. ¦ Throughout the country 2300 rifles, eje, were . handed ', In " to-day.
Each man. In handing in his arms, signs, "under oath, a declaration not. to take-up arms -against the British '-. govern- l
inent during the present war, nor furnish assistance or information about the British forces to the republican forces, "but i
to remain quietly at home until the war is over." ,' >y.\-~ ''^ ~~: -\"-iJ : ¦ .
A dispatch to the Times from Ladysmlth, dated Sunday, March 18, says: "Our advanced, camp '.ls: on ' Sundays: River',
two miles north of Elandslaagte. The Boers hold two positions on the BicKarsburg range, about- ten miles north. The •
Ftrongestis on the . ;wcastle road, where several guns have already been' mounted and' where they are digging extensive ¦¦
trenches. The second position, which is on the Dundee road, is not so strong." i '•- ,-•"*-. .»¦",-*
QUARTER RATIONS FOR MAFEKING'S GARRISON.
LOURENZO MARQUES,' March 18.— A dispatch from Mafekingr. dated Saturday, 'March 10, says: , "The. garrison Js"
holding Its own. We have; heard ; numerous rumors that the siege will be raised,' but so far .that Is; not the case. We are
peg-glng along on quarter rations, supplemented by the occasional capture of cattle. Our home-made gun erratically bom
bards the Boer trenches. x • . ¦'• ¦ ' ': J^fi-li
"Horrible stories are current that the Boers are inflicting nameless tortures upon captive native runners. These may
rot be true, but are tending to inflame native passions to such an «flftent that it may soon be impossible, to hold the natives
In check." - / ~ v • \ '
"Owing to the Boers having deliberately bombarded the native stadt. which is full of women and children, - Colonel
Baden-Powell has armed the natives, but he has only allowed them to act on the defensive, although they have clamored
to tx> allowed to go out and attack at the point of assegai. They will be prevented as iong as possible from> inflicting re
prisals on the Boers." . .'
Lord Roberts Reports the Delivery of Small
Cannon to the Commandants at Belmont
and Colenso.
BOER DESERTERS SURRENDER
GUNS TO BRITISH OFFICERS
'- -'» '. ,;\i% i~. • ¦ , -. [From : thej Dally, Graphic, after a photogrraph*.]- »L;:ii:-i r^;i;;li*;* c-";i 1 i.
.bixd^N r S'HCrTi;L; )n!maveking!is the great place of :r^ntSezvqus fob thVofficers" and men
mWHEN NOT ON "DUTY IN THE TRENCHES. WHEN OCCASION ARISES. HOWEVER. : -A*FEW BLASTS BT. COLO
¦ NEL BAI>EN-POWETX i 'S'BUGLER J i SOON EMPTY IT AND SEND THE-MEN IN A HURRY TO THEIR POSTS.
war in Soiitlv Africa, except in
the neighborhood of | Mafeking.
News as to that long-besiegeid
'little town is somewhat\conflict
j ing. It is reported;; by "orieklis- ?:
patch- that • Golo'riel V Plumer; Jias
advanced, repairing^ the line as
far ;as Pitsani.land. that a patrol
has pushed -.down within;f ourteen
I miles of Mafeking, 'L The relief of
the town -. seems to be near at
hand. . ".
The southern .part of the Free
State is rapidly, falling, into Brit- 1
ish -hands. The burghers are* re
ported.to be surrendering by
hundreds ; at -Bloemf ontein and in I
smaller. numbers .'elsewhere. '
¦ , A message from Natal states
that no important niove has been
made for about ten days. The
passes in the Drakensberg Jnto
Free State have : been fouihd to be
heldrih -strength by the Boers,
[who ' are intrenching there, as
jwell as along the Biggarsberg
and further back on the linefqf
Vaal River.
I have heard much talk about
the war "collapsing, and some
papers have even gone so far as
to print headlines predicting an
immediate end to the struggle.
That, 'however, is not the idea
held by military men here. One
and air concur in agreeing that so
far as the Orange Free State is
concerned the campaign is at % an
end, but "those , who know,) the
country. predict that England has
by. no means "finished; with .the
Transvaal. 'L can give . you the
best idea '-of what military ex
perts think by quoting one of
them, who says:
. "After all, we have up to date
captlired no guns beyond
I Very- few hvhich'Gronje had.' The
i Boers have in* a wonderful way
i been able ; to' withdraw/ all their
1 heavy artillery, • and that they
took so. much pains, to do so is
distinct j proof / that they propose
later on .to use them against us.
The moment, that the- English I
ge\ into -.the Transvaal they will I
be in -:i-; country which will orice
again lie' suitable to Boer tactics,
ami" no one knows that- better
than: Roberts. ' That 'Bobs' swill
come out all right is without
doubt, ; but there will ; ( be : plenty
more iighting between now and
the time at which the J English
an n iv reaches Pretoria. "
BOUND FOR THE PRISON HULKS.
[From the Sphere.] ¦ - J- ;-\
THE PICTURE SHOWS SOME CAPTURED BOERS BEING CARRIED UNDER ESCORT TO THE -RAILROAD
STATION FOR SHIPMENT TO CAPETOWN, WHENCE THEY WILL BE SENT TO THE PB.ISON. SHIP IN SIM
MONS BAY. BUT ONE VESSEL— THE PENELOPE*- WAS EMPLOYED IN THIS SERVICE UP TO THE TIME OF
THE CAPTURE OF GENERAL CRONJE'S FORCE. - - . • -. - .
Relief of Mafeking Ap
pears to Be Near__
at Hand.
MUCH; FIGHTING YET
BEFORE THE BR4TISH
Boers Fortifying Passes
'"on the Frontier of '
the Transvaal.: {
'• : -'-- •"¦ ¦-' ----.¦ -*: ~ ¦' f: : . '. • .'
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright,, 19C0, by the New York
. Herald Company.
I ONDON; March 19,-^-Re^
L , markable i quiet has fallen
upon the whole field of
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
AMAZON CORPS FOR MED BY
WOMEN OF THE TRANSVAAL
[Iwo Thousand ; Wives and Daughters of Burgh
: ; ! ers to : Fight;;in^Defen^er^'theip
rONDON. -March, 19.— A- dispatch to the Dally News from Bloemfpntein,- dated Friday, -March 16, says: "Events have
occurred which induce ; some toipredict ' tliag th% war will last^'onlyVso long "as it takes to march' to Pretoria. The
1 ¦ educated Boers, even.; of. ; the- Transyaale'rs,* are 're'ady to. accept 'the' inevitable. -¦. ' .--.' ,• ¦ ', .
\ '.j "I am told, that a corps of 2000 women has been formed at Pretoria. It Is called the Amazon corps. -All the mem
jers'are uniformed in kilts arid'are armed.":. ? ."<¦ : " ' ' : T" ?-•"—•" - • r':xX i ¦ J ' ¦ ¦¦ - -. - '¦> - - ". ¦•
The relief of Mafeking is- not yet anhounced/.but it is extremelyi probable that, this is already accomplished byColonel
Plumer's' advance. Lady] Charles Bentick, at- Cape Town, lias "received a telegram- from: her. husband .'ln Mafeking. dated
March 12,; saying that he expected' to "'/o'in her | shortly. . The. -actual^ relief movements "have not 'been'publiclyldeveloped la
detail) but it seems that. Lord", Methuen started '; only very* recently^and' Is 'rather engaged" *ln" dispersing the Boe^rs " of the
district than aiming at actual relief. Colonel' Peakman has" dispersed^ BOO, Boers !at Fourteen Streams. .,: Lord ißoberts.prob
ably ascertained 5 from Mr. Frazer, j the new Mayor >_of .Bloemf ontein, * before 'dispatching - General * Pole-Carew * ; southward
that, in; all; likelihood, the railway .was -clear. The next moveiw-ill : be . to. collect at Blqemfonteln .by' railway "^sufficient
stores for the immediate. army Lord Roberts^will have when the Orange. River.: forces' have. Joined him." This' will probably
occur In' from two to three weeks.". 'Therefore the next Important "operations "may be "expected Ih Natal. * '. -• ~-•
- -, The. cava'Vy^-brigade which; Lord^Roberts, has -sent; to -Thaba Nchu.vthlrty-fiye miles, east'of Bloemfonteln.'is designed
to cut off some 2000. Boers who are .escaping from "the" southward. 'The" Boers are reported to ' ha vV; destroyed ..the railways
in the neighborhood of "Kroon^tadt.^,. ;? ~ # *¦ " " ! . " "" •' ' --'• ¦* •• i •t-'ZI '¦' • ' > '"¦ •" •• * ' ¦
ST . PATRICK'S DAY IN SOUTH AFRICA
CAPE TOWN. (Sunday),; March", IS— St. Patrick's day _was celebrated with/ extraordinary enthusiasm throughoat 3oath
Africa. * Ina message to Irishmen of Cape TownT the Queen said: >...</ „. » * -..-•-¦- ~-"~ -' ~.- .
"I have always felt confident that the spirit, courage and allegiance whicli have distinguished ;the Irish soldiers- in th«
faceof the eriemy<would not be spared bk their brethren In the. colony in suppqrt,qf. the ¦authority • of my Government." •
On the Initiative of Lord Roberts, a newspaper has been started at.Bloemfonteln 'for the edification of the troops. Rud
yard Kipling contributed to the inaugurai edition y.esterday the followlng.lines: . . •
"¦¦¦¦•¦ '¦¦ ¦'¦* i The news that's- going 'round?
,**.*. . . * --- x ne oniimrocK s f^rm s Dadge dj la wp .• .- • . ..^ ,
The Mafeklns relief column, Colonels Drummond and Peadman commanding, had a sharp engagement at Fourteen
Streams. The British succeeded in driving the Boers off.. They had only a few casualties.* :
¦ The mounted force from Kimberley, proceeding 'to the relief of Mafeking, has arrived , at "Warrenton. As the force
neared Wlndsorton the Boers evacuated thrown, blowing up the bridge. ;
.It Is reported that the rebels who, refused 'to accompany the Transvaalers when the fatter vacated Taung and Vryburjj
are preparing -to trek Into Damaraland on the approach of. the British, but that Hottentot chiefs are getting ready to bar
their escape. ,..,_. ' . . • ¦ . •
SPENCER WILKINSON ON PROBABLE MOVEMENTS.
\ ¦'. ¦¦"¦ "¦ "• ¦ - ' ' ' ¦ . ~~ ~ —~—~v- - '¦ ' ' "" -
LONDON,' March 19.— Spencer Wllknson In, the Morning Post says:* - .
/•Probably. Mafeking will be relieved by the approach of Colonel Plumer before Lord Methuen, who seem engaged In the
work of clearing the country north of Kimberley, can arrive.. " .... *
\ ' "The" pacification l of the Free State Is7 progressing 'satisfactorily. Ultimately there will arise, probably, among the
Transvaar ßoer3 a:strong peace - ; party;; who .will point to the condition of affairs at Bloemfontein' as evidence that In the
British province of Pretoria Hfe'may be tolerable./r • • . ¦ • • ••- . • . '.1
"It niust not ibe too, readily, assumed that Lord Roberts ..wlir continue his advance .by a direct, line to Johannesburg
and Pretoria/- V There are'other. routes with advantages that. may beworthy of consideration. According to Winston Church
ill there are 14,000 Boers with twenty. guns in the Biggarsburg range. They will have to be caught sooner or later. The
British troops are, anxious "to" try and the feeling. Is. general, that before long they will be 'permitted' to. do so."
AMERICAN REPLY SATISFACTORY TO THE TRANSVAAL
LONDON, 'March "l9.— ThelTimes correspondent at Lourenzo Marques, telegrnph'ng under date of March 16. says:
•' ;"State Secretaryißeitzof the, Transvaal; in the course of. an interview, said that the Government considers the American
reply highly-satisfactory, and.that the United 'States' will t bring such" pressure to bear as will result in a settlement agreeable
to the people of the* two republics. 4 - I While 1 admitting^the seriousness of the situation," Mr. Reltz says he 13 convinced that the
burghers of both will "enthusiastically defend the independence of the .Transvaal to the last."'
'¦'•¦"''•.-¦*'"¦"¦*. '- .¦'"'"'¦ "** ¦"•'.*" " . -""" t^* '¦ '.* ' * .'**'*¦ ,v ' " * " ' * + " ' ' \ ' ¦ - . **""*'* ¦
ENGLAND READY TO DEAL WITH PORTUGAL
March 19 —Mr. * Trohane sends to the Ix»ndori papers a letter he has received from the secretary of the Del»go»
Bay railroad arbitration ltrlbunal,* which Is to^the. effect that the'award ; wlll;probably be.offlcially. proclaimed in .about a
m6nth..?.The'Standard^cpmmentingr,e!itorially~up6n this communication^ from the Admiran advocate. says:' •
f V^When this protracted arbitration has been' settled, we shall [be. in, a position* to'deal with Po/tugal on the entire subject,
and we mayipossiblyßecure'for, the Anglicised Transvaal improved commercial facilities. It would be a welcome coincidence
If the award should coincide" with Lord Roberts' arrival at Pretoria." t ...
PATRIOTIC ENTHUSIASM AT PRETORIA.
SOUNDING THE ALARM IN MAFEKING.
PRETORIA. Friday. March 16.— The chief of the Intelligence department,; Molengraaf, ..announced '.that the -Federal "
losses prior, to the relief of Kimberley and Ladysmith were: Killed, 677; wounded, 2129. Accidents, % sickness ! and ; .r other^
Ciaa.i)UDe cauaes. he. asserts, bring the total to 135 L .. -• ;¦;,-- «,,
» VOLUME L.XXXVII — NO. 109.
SAN FRANCISCO,' iMO^A^/^MARCH 19,-1900;
HUNDREDS OF FREE STATERS
HAVE LAID DOWN THEIR ARMS
The San Francisco Call/CONSTANTINOPLE, March 18.— After prolonged delibera-
I tions upon the Russian demands for exclusive railroad
I rights in Asia Minor, the sublime Porte has proposed a
**-^ compromise, whereby the railways would be constructed
by Turkey and Russl-i in partnership. The Russian Embassy
insists upon the original demand, which the Turkish military
commission strenuously oppose.
BERLIN, March IS.— The St. Petersburg corresopndent of the
Neuste. Nachrichten says: "Russia, although tacitly encour
aging the champions of Bulgarian Independence, does not con
sider the time propitious for action. She hopes to bring pres
sure to boar upon Turkey in the railroad question, but should
she fail to obtain the required concessions Important events
may be expected In the Balkans. The repatriation of the
Armenian refugees still furnishes Russia with a good diplo
matic weapon wherewith to obtain her demands."
•The several lines or railroad now in operation In Asia
Minor, with one exception, are controlled by German compa-
nles that have already obtained liberal concessions for large
and Important extensions. One of these, the Anatolia Railway
Company, will extend Its present line from the Bospho
rus, on which It njw terminates at Konleh, through, via
Marash and Bagdad, to Bassorah on the Euphrates, near the
Persian Gulf. The French company which owns the line from
Smyrna to Afinn-Knr ahlssar. was placated by a grant of 40
fier cent of the shar S in the extension. There is a provision
n the concet-jiui. ...uch gives the Turkish Government the
right to purchase the line at any time.
Few railroad lines can be of greater prospective Importance
than this 2000 miles of railroad which will unite the Persian
Gulf with Europe, forming rapid transit to and from the Far
East, and opening up large tracts of rich agricultural coun
try. The ownership of the road of course earrtes with It the
commercial supremacy throughout the country tributary there
to of the nation controlling it. Germany fully understands the
situation and will undoubtedly hold to the last the advan
tages she has gained. . . -
ADVEBTISEBEBires.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. * All
drugrlsts refund the money- If It falls to cure.
E. "VV. Grove's sl£o*tur« ]« en each box. 23c.
IA/. X. HESS,
rOTABT PCALIO AXD ATTOUKET-AT-LIW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. CU.ua SpreckcU Bids.
Telephone Brown iSI.
Recldenee. S2l Ca'.Uornia St.. below Powell.
*H1 XTcajjai*'"*.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
_ IFOR THE
|gw CAPE NOME
«S| GOLD FIELDS.
Th« Xew and Palatial Steel Steamshlo
Will Sail From San Francisco MAT Uth for t!»
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
Vl* Seattle, leavlnff there May Uth. Subse-
ouent trips will be from Seattle direct nwaeiy:
June ast. July 2lst and Aueust 20th. I^.sei-
cenrare advised to inspect the Senator belos"
purchasing tickets via other Btearners. as her
!Z^ SS ( 44 K nil « >tMraß9 accommodation* »«
««•?-# t^ the flrst-class accommodations «a
™? nffn£ % atea " l «» advertUeU for Nome.
I!^f^ cl^? Coatt s l«an»hlp Company has b»*a
running Its steamers to Alaska-winter anU
ISR^Tr^ r> yw » and •» the Pioneer l'»-
mSrJ^f P ln^r, Kor fun"" Information '"-
§2i.?i? f £ F w TROWmtnxJE. Ocean Doc*.
I^, N - POSTON. 2O Washington
Sbi P ? rtl * ad . Or. W. PAKRIS. 124 W«rt *£-
Hr P Oen - Ayents. 4 N<w Montsouwnr
K-. Or 10 Market st., S*» Francisco. Cal.
TWO DEAD AS THE
RESULT OF A QUARREL
Husband and Wife Are Shot Down by
a Saloon-Keeper in the Streets
of Butte.
BUTTE, Mont.. March IS.— Thorjia*
Pooley, a saloon-keeper, to-night shot his
son-in-law. Thomas Llttlejohn. and the
latter's wife. Lydia, during a difficulty on
the street in the upper part of town. There
had been bad feeling between LittlnjeApi
and Pooley since the former married ff«
latter's daughter. The marriage was
without the father's consent. To-night
Llttlejohn and his wife, the latter carry
ing their baby, met Pooley on the rs»r*:et.
They quarreled and Littlejohn kmckc.l
Pooley down and. according to the latter*
story began kicking him. , Pooley drew
his pistol while on the ground and shot
Littlejohn. He died in a few minutes. An
other shot missed the Intended victim and
struck Mrs. LJttlejohn in the head. She
died after being removed to the hospital.
The baby was uninjured. Pooley was ar
rested.
MAY RELY ON THE PARDON.
Goebel Murder ' Suspects' Probable
Defense. • -
FRANKFORT. Ky., March IS.—Ex-Gov
ernor Brown and J. C. Sims, who will
defend Caleb Powers, John Davis .and
William H. Cullon, suspects held on the
charge of being accessories to the mur
der of William • GoetwJ, arrived here to
night. Ex-Governor Brown was asked If
the "pardons granted by Governor Taylor
to Powers and Davis on the night they
fled from here and were overhauled -at
Lexington would be pleaded as a defense
to the prosecution at the examining trials.
He declined to answer, though; Mr. Pow
ers, one of the defendants, has indicated
that such a defense may be offered.
Railway Nearing Completion.
CUERNAVACA. Mexico. March IS.— The
construction of the Mexico, Cuernevaca
and Pacific Railroad Is being rapidly
pushed forward toward the Pacific Coast,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE FEAR OF HUMBUG.
Prevents Many People From Trying
a Oood Medicine.
Stomach troubles are s*o common and ln
most cases so obstinate to cure that peo-
ple are apt to look with susplcfon on any
remedy claiming to be a radical, perma-
nent cure for dyspepsia and indigestion.
Many such pride themselves on their
acutenefs In never being humbug^e-J, es-
pecially In medicine?.
This fear of being humbus-ffed can be
carried too far, so far, in fact, that many
people suffer for years with weak dices-
tion rather than rick a little time and
money in faithfully testing the claims
made of a preparation so reliable and uni-
versally used as Stuart's I>yspepsia Tab-
lets.
Now Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
vastly different ln one important respect
from ordinary proprietary medicines, for
tho reason that they are not a pecret
patent "medicine; no secret is mad» of
their ingredients, but analysis shows them
to contain the natural digestive ferments*,
pure aseptic pepsin, the digestive acids!
Golden Seal, bismuth, hydrastis and r.ux.
They are not cathartic, neither do they
Bet powerfully on any organ, but they
« ure indigestion on the common sons* plan
of digesting the food eaten thorough!^ be-
fore it has time to ferment, sour and c^use
the mischief. This is the only spcrot of
their success.
Cathartic pills never have and never can
cure Indigestion and stomach trouble
because they act entirely on the dowels
whereas the whole trouble Is really <n the
stomach.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets taken after
meals digest the food. That is all theie i*
to it. Food not digested or half-digested
Is poison, as it creates gas acidity, head-
aches, palpitation of the heart, loss of
flesh and appetite and many other trou-
bles which are often called by some other
name.
They are sold by druggists everywhere
at 50 cents per package.
Swallowed Carbolic Acid.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, March IS.— Mrs.
Belle Strayhan was found .by her hus
band at 3 o'clock this morning lying on
the floor of the kitchen unconscious. Buf
fering: from the effects of a dose of car
bolic acid. Medical assistance was sum
moned, and It Is thought her life may be
saved. She states she took the poison a3
a gargle for her throat and swallowed It
accidentally.. She was fully dressed when
found, evidently not having been in bed
all night. ¦
visit OR- JORDAN'S great 4 >
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY! •
LB 1: 11 lusm cr. tat. t±s?±. si xa. ,
. Ef The Larje' t Anatomical Museum in the
* -, Wond. Weaknme* cr- any contracted 1
iSSfifM d;4e; >»c *»«lt»w*lye»»»4l>y t&sOiae»t '
JgHl SpeuiiiilcutbeCoa.t Est 36 year*. 9
fl«f£| DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
nGWfhm Consultation frpe md strirtty pn»»:- \
1 nW| Trt r.ment pmon.iliy rr b» letter. A £
I If <XI Pf.tn* Ctartia e»ery c»,e undrruk -i. T
P J IISP w nte for Boole. PniLbiOI'BVX 4
¦[I I* *4BBUtI. MAILED FRSO. I.Vf
(I li- valuable book for mra) \
OK. JORDAN A CO.. ISM Market St.. a F. f
DELEGATES WILL BE
SOLIDLY FOR BRYAN
Very Probable Results of the Demo
cratic and Populist Conven
tion in Nebraska.
LINCOLN. Nebr.. March IS.— While
there may be a few family fights in the
Democratic and Populist conventions
called for to-morrow night to el*»ct dele
gates to the convention at Kansas City
and to thp Populist convention at Sioux
Kalis, they are not expected to have any
influence upon the final action of both
gatherings, which will be to select Bryan
delegates and instruct them to vote for
him first, last and all the time. It is ex
pi-cted that there will be sharp struggles
in the afternoon caucuses for the position
of delegate at large ln the Democratic
convention, but whoever wins the result
will be the same. The man who gets a
place on the Nebraska delegations will
be a Fhouter for W. J. Bryan.
Much interest is manifested regarding
th«» platform to be adopted by the Demo
cratic convention. It v:IH be drawn up
under the personal supervision of Mr.
Bryan, and is understood to be his
declaration of the platform which in his
opinion the national convention at
Kansas City should place beneath the
feet of Its Presidential nominee. The
platform to-morr«w will be an affirmation
of the Chicago platform, will contain
planks antagonistic to the trusts, declar
ing against the formation of a large
standing army ar.d against the foreign
policy of the present administration.
If the middle-of-the-road Populists are
refused admission- to the Populist conven
tion to-morrow, as is most probable they
will hold a convention of their" own and
choose a. delegation to be sent from Nt
brapka to the middle-of-the-road conven
tion, which is to be held in Cincinnati.
Alfred de Boise Dead.
Fj*>cial Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. March 18.— News reach
ed here to-day of the death In Paris of
Alfred Wagstaff de Boise, son-in-law of
William Llchtenberg, the merchant of 11G
California street. De Boise had b«*en In
ill health for some time, and the trip to
Paris Mad bt-en undertakt-n in hope that
the climate would prove beneiicial to him.
The dr>e«ased was well known in San Ra
fa*>l. whore the parents of Mr. de Boise
have rrf=!d«?d for several years.
know their boys were at a sparring
match. The gloves were six-ounce ones,"
used for the first time yesterday. Fred
Fitch was timekeeper. Erwln Finnle was
Cnss' second and William Morris (colored)
Whldden's second. The rounds were three
minutes, two minutes' rest and five sec
onds to get up to scratch. They sparred
two rounds. Cass hit Whidden and
knocked him against some weeds. He
tripped and fell and just as he fell time
was called.. . :
Cass Is Counted Out.
Whidden wanted to fight for pointa, but
Cass , to a finish. After almost finishing
the f eighth round Whidden struck Cass be
low, the right ear and Cass went down on
one knee and then-on both knees, and ten
seconds were counted. He was carried to
one : side, rubbed and cold- water poured
upon him. Ray Cass, a brother, got' into
a wagon and immediately < drove to town
and summoned Dr. B. A. Plant. Dr. Bone
stell, who lives near by, was summoned
and did all he could, but without avail.
When Dr. Plant arrived Cass was dead.
He only lived a short time after the fatal
blow. His death occurred at about 11:43
o'clock.
The body of Cass was then taken to his
home on Windham street and the scene
was a sorrowful one. The parents were
just returning from the Methodist church,
of which their boy was also a member.
Whidden went to town with Dr. Plant
and gave himself up to Sheriff Besse. He
was held by the Sheriff for. about three
hours and released on his own recogni
zance. An Inquest and autopsy will be
held to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock,
but It Is not: probable that Whidden will
be held. The death resulted from a par
tial dislocation of the neck. Cass and
Whidden were both hard working boys
and assisted in the support of their fami
lies. .
over 2CX> men being employed in the grad
ing and bridge camps. The Pacific ter
minus of the road will be the port of
Schutenaco instead of Acapulco, the for
mer place offering better advantages as
a shipping point and deep water harbor.
Colonel J. H. Hamson, president of the
road, is now in the United States on bus
iness.
MAY INCREASE TARIFF
ON AMERICAN GRAIN
Compromise Offered German Agrari-
ans Who Seek to Bar Pickled
Meats.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the New York
Herald Company.
BERLIN March IS.— The Frankfurter
Zeitung learns that the Government has
made an offer to the Agrarian party that
if it will abandon its position aa to the
importation of pickled meat, duties on
American grain will be raised after the
expiration of the commercial treaty.
The duty on wheat will be increased
from 3 marks 50 to C marks per double
centner.
On the subject of the meat Inspection
bill a semi-official Hamburg correspond
ent publishes the following leading
article:
"It is certain that Americans will not
quietly accept the, limitation, or, to speak
more correctly, an' absolute prohibition of
the importation of meat.
"We must reckon with counter meas
ures on the part of the United States,
which will do immense damage to our
commerce and shipping. It la true that
for years past American -commercial legis
lation has been run on such lines as to
give us" little reason, when drawing up
customs regulations for Germany, to pay
any particular regard to American trade.
In fact, in certain quarters reprisals are
even called for against the treatment of
German Imports to America, but even If
such reprisals should have any chance of
sucesss It would be a mistake to give ex
pression to them ln the form of prohibi
tion of Imported meat instead of extend
ing them to general commercial legisla
tion, for by introducing special legislation
of this character we give Americans not
only a pretext but a right' to tax German
commerce."
REFUSE TO SUBSCRIBE
FOR THE SCHLEY HOME
Officers of the Naval Contingent in
Washington Not Favorable
to the Plan.
"WASHINGTON, March 18.— At a meet
ing of the National Executive Committee
engaged in raising funds. for a home for
Rear Admiral Schley last night. Secretary
Evans reported many favorable responses
to thp circulars soliciting contributions.
He also reported that absolute refusals
to contribute to the fund had been re
ceived from the naval contingent in
Washington ¦ with one single exception,
that of Rear Admiral Hichborn, and in
some instances the refusals were accom
panied by adverse comments on the com
mittee's project. A letter from Miss Edna
McClellan of -the New York executive
committee for the fund reported that
thousands of dollars -were subscribed.
Admiral Schley Is a Knight Templar and
circular letters will be sent to each.com
mandery suggesting the Idea of making
contributions.
TO INSPECT TRANSPORTS.
Orders for Major Bird, Who Recently
Arrived Here.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 18.— By direction
of the Acting Secretary of War, Major
Charles Bird, • quartermaster /United
States army, now In San Francisco, will
make an inspection of the transport serv
ice and matters relating to the general
depot of the quartermaster's department
atvSan Francisco, and then proceed . to
Tacoma and Seattle and investigate the
transport service and other business per
taining to the quartermaster's depart
ment. • . ;.-¦¦;¦
Major Edward T. Comegys, surgeon
United States army, will proceed to Man
ila for assignment to the Eighth Army
Corps.
Slaughtered Bluejays.
SAN ANDREAS, ; March 18.— The 'i Blue
jay Gun Club of San Andreas, composed
of-twenty-two members divided the,mem
bership, In two parties to-day and went
out for a day's shooting. They returned
at 4:30 o'clock and had 588 dead birds. The
losing side paid for .the. ra viola supper.
The bluejays have increased so rapidly
In numbers that they have become a pest.
They destroy quail eggs and are general
marauders. ¦ . ¦' - ¦¦..¦¦ ¦ - ; -w.:
Prominent Divine Dead.
CINCINNATI, March 18.— Dr. F. L. Na
gler. a prominent German divine,'*, editor
of Hans und Herd,. formerly; professor of
St. Paul's College, Minnesota, ; died here
to-day, aged 5L ;
YOUNG MAN
KILLED IN A
BOXING BOUT
Santa Cruz Youths : fished
to See Which Was the
Better Man. .
A Blow Under the Ear Dislocates
Frank Cass' Neck and He Dies
From the Effect in a Few
Minutes.
. >
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, March 18.— A friendly
boxing bout this morning between two
young men about 18 years of age resulted
ln the death of Frank Cass. Bert Whid
den and Frank Cass, both members of
good families, engaged in a friendly box
ing match to see which ' was best man.
Although Sunday they gained admittance
to the Young Men's Christian Association
building, and there, after three rounds,
they concluded that too much noise was
being made, and fearing the presence of
the directors decided to have the match at
some other place. They then started to
ward the beach, but concluded that the
bath house was not a proper place and
continued a mile further along the rail
road track, and found a plac,e at Twin
Lakes, the Baptist summer resort. A
number of youngr men were with them,
and ln various Sunday schools about town
teachers missed scholars, but did not
WILL STOP MURDER OF
MISSIONARIES IN CHINA
Detachment- of German Troops With
Field Guns and Maxims Sent
Into the Hineterland.
Special Dispatch to The Call. \ .
TACOMA, March 18.— Further 111-treat
ment and murder of missionaries In Shan
tung Is to be stopped by armed German
forces. A detachment of ISO men, with
two field guns and two Maxims, under
command of Major Durr, left Kalochau
February 11, with orders to protect the
lives and property of Germans in the
Hineterland. Germany has been prepar
ing for this move for months. Mining con
cessions and other privileges have been
obtained In the interior and Germans
sent there to operate them. They have
frequently been assaulted and Insulted, by
natives stirred up by the great antl-for
elgn society known as the "Boxers."
Missionaries have received the same
treatment so often that complaints to Ger
man authorities at Kalochau were of
weekly occurrence. The sending of armed
forces Into the Interior will likely result
ln German occupation of a large part of
that province.
NINE PERSONS INJURED IN
NEW YORK TRAIN WRECK
Coal Chute at a Station Drops Down,
Demolishing the Engine Cab
and Cars.
NEW YORK, March 18.— Nine persona
were injured eaxly this morning in an ac
cident to a Ninth avenue* railroad train
near Rector street. Five are'severely'ln
jured, and one, David A. Flndley, fe nt
the Hudson-street hospital suffering: from
a fractured skull. The most seriously In
jured besides Flndley are: Richard B.
Barlow of Yonkers. engineer of the trrJ.ii,
scalp wounds and shock; Thomas* Shelvey,
an engineer, internally Injured: Alfred
Alexander, salesman, Internally injured
find taken to the hospital unconscious;
James Manning, laborer. Injured about the
head.
The train left South Ferry for Harlem
and passed the Battery-place station at its
usual speed, and was- approaching the
coaling station. The engineer did not need
coal for his engine, and so did not signal
to the' man in charge of the coaling ap
paratus. In an unexplained fashion; al
though the coal man says that it was
through the vibration caused by the ap
proaching train, the coal chute dropped
down -almost' at the -moment the train
reached the station. The chute struck the
roof of the cab and tore it off, at the same
time throwing down Engineer Barlow and
Fireman Hutchings to the floor of the
cab. Barlow's hand was on the throttle
at the moment of the collision, and a.-" h*
fell his hand turned on the pressure -till
more, and the engine dashed ahead at full
speed up the track, stopping only when It
had reached Barclay street because of th<*
exhaustion of the steam. Meanwhile the
chute had wrecked the roofs of the pas
senger cars, and the dozen passengers la
them were thrown ln every direction.
Big Woman Drops Dead.
KOKOMO, Ind.. March IS.— Mrs. Llda
Greycroft. the largest woman ln Indiana,
died suddenly at her home near here to
day, falling from her chair while playing
domlnos. She weighed about 550 pounds,
and was 32 years old.
Sublime Porte Refuses to Accede to the Czar's
Demand for .Exclusive Rights in Asia
MACHINISTS
DECLARE THEY
WILL STRIKE
All Parts of United States
and Canada May Be
Involved.
Chicago Labor Troubles Responsible
for Disagreement Which Threat
ens to Tie Up Many Large
Establishments.
?
CHICAGO, March IS.— After the confer
ence between representatives of -the In
ternational Association of Machinists and
the Administrative Council of the Na
tional Metal Trades Association. Presi
dent Junes O'Connell of the union de
olared that strikes would be called im
mediately in ail parts of the i:nit«*d
States and Canada. Such strikes would
involve 100.000 men and cause to be phut
down for an Indefinite time plants having
an aggregate capacity of millions of dol
lars.
Chicago labor troubles are responsible
for the disagreement which is expected to
precipitate the general machinists' strike.
Were it not for the fact that the lead
ers of the MachlniPl*' I'nion refused to
call cflf the strikes" that now exist in Chi
cago, Columbus, Ohio, and Patterson, X.
J., the manufacturers and the leaders. It
is believed, would have come to an ami
cable agreement and arbitration would
have been permanently established be
tween the National Metal Trades Arso
ciatien and the International Association
<>f Machinists. The members of the ex
ecutive board of the Machinists" Cniott
refused, however, to caU off the strike,
as they declared that if they did the Chi
cago local would secede from the Inter
national association. When the refusal
of the machinists to end the strike was
presents to the manufacturers they is
sued an ultimatum to- the labor leaders,
and on their refusal to agree to Its pro
visions all negotiations were broken off.
Threat of the Union.
Before leaving the rooms in which the
Joint conference was held President
James O'Connell of the International
union declared that th*> union would be
pin Immediately to call strikes ln all
parts of the country. The flrst of these
etrikes will be called In Cleveland, Ohio.
After all the lars;e cities have been tied
up strikes will be called in the machine
phops of all the railroads in tho country.
Representatives of fourteen firms
throughout the country were present at
the conference. After meeting in separ
ate conferences all the afternoon the
manufacturers and the labor leaders be
gan a joint meeting at 6 o'clock, at which
the manufacturers submitted tor the ma
chinists a proposal for arbitration. Th»*y
asked that all strikes and lockouts l>e
called off pending the arbitration of the
difficulties by a committee consisting of
the presidents of the two organizations
and two members from each association,
whose decision shall be accepted as final.
On the second proposition the two as
sociations were united. The labor leaders
refused to agree to the first proposition
and submitted a demand for immediate
and separate arbitration of the Chicago
difficulties. This the manufacturers re
fused to ratify and the conference broke
up. both sides making what amounted to
a formal declaration of war.
RUSSIAN RAILWAY SCHEME
BLOCKED BY THE SULTAN
MANILA NOW
A HOTBED OF
CONSPIRACY
Insurgent Junta Is Giving
General Otis Consider
able Trouble.
Assisted by Spanish Residents, tho
Filipinos Are Reorganizing
in the Province of
Moronga.
MANILA. March IS.— General Otis con
siders Manila the most troublesome center
ln the situation to-day. The Insurgent
junta here, in conjunction with that in
Hongkong, is growing active. The mili
tary authorities have been forced to put
a stop to Mabini's Intercourse with the
public. The local and foreign " press con
eiders his recent utterances calculated to
incite the Filipinos to a continued revolt
and prejudicial to American control.
Florcs, who has just arrived here, says
he conies trusting to American leniency,
and he would not have dared to come to
Manila if Spain were yet ln control. He
cherishes tho hopes and aspirations wh'.ch
actuated him when ln the field, and de
sires to watch Congressional action upon
the question of the Philippines. The in
surgents, he says, do not expect to van
quish the Americans, but are maintaining
a resistance with the Idea of forcing Oou
gress to accord them the best possible
terms.
A number of representative insurgent
leaders from dlffernt parts of Luzon have
recently been In conference in Manila.
Some have been placed under arrest, but
the others thus far have not been inter
fered with. Louis Spitzel, head of the firm
of Louis Spitzel & Co., contractors of the
Chinese Government and himself a sus
pected filibuster, came from Hongkong to
Manila last week and was temporarily de
tained in custody on suspicion.
It is asserted upon good authority that
three loads of arms and ammunition have
recently been landed on the east coast of
Luzon. Captain Taylor of the Thirty
ninth Regiment recently captured twelve
new Mausers near Calnmba.
Atrocities of Brigands.
Reports are current here of active rebel
reorganization in the province of Moronga.
where the Insurgent leaders are said to b>
assisted by prominent Spanish residents.
Inhabitants of this province who are now
in Manila have boen advised not to return
to their homes, but to remain under tho
protection of the Americans. It is also re
ported that the rebels are reorganizing In
the province of Zambales, under Mascnr
do. Brigands are committing atrocities
ln the province of Xueva Eciga, \vhtr«?
they have murdered twenty natives anl
Chinese. Eight other murders have be+>n
committed near Tarlac. The Nueva Kdgi
insurg-ents are heavily taxing local traders
and farmers, with the result that business
is paralyzed and there is a general scar
city of food. The funds for maintaining
this guerrilla warfare are collected from
the various towns of the island, whether
occupied by the Americans or not, even
including Manila.
In the pro%-ince ofAlbay the insurgents
have ceased harrasslng the AmericnnH,
owing, it is reported, to a lark of ammu
nition, but they continue ravaging tl.e
country by burning" and looting. The na
tives are tiring of this sort of, thing and
threaten to . turn against the marauders.'
Already the townspeople of Legaspl, -Al
bay and Donzol are slowly returning to
their homes.
Major Allen of the Forty-third Regiment
has been appointed military governor of
the island of Samar, where Lukban. the
former leader of the rebels In that local
ity, is still in the mountains.
General Kobbe has opened twenty pcrts
in the Southern part of Luzon and in th^
islands of Samar and Leyte. the result of
which is to stimulate trade there, al
though only temporarily, as : the country
opened is non-productive and apparently
non-consuming. Owing to the \^ ! tkul
conditions of the last twelve VR-ntbs
products accumulated during the Dlock
ade. These will be shipped to Manila and
then the ports will be empty.
Treason of Officials.
Evidence accumulates of the treason
and perfidy ot the municipal presidents in
the provinces of General Mac Arthur's
district. The presidents of several towns
in Lepanto and Union provinces have de
clined to continue in their positions, saying
that they do not desire any further iden
tification with the Americans. Travel be
tween the towns garrisoned by the Ameri
cans is becoming more dangerous. AH
wagon trains must be escorted by heavy
euards in order to insure their safety.
Two ambushes were narrowly averted re
cently. Small traveling rarties are at
tacked. Single travelers frequently disap
pear or are found dead.
TW0 FILIPINOS ARE
SENTENCED TO DEATH
Ladrone Leaders Found Guilty by
Military Commission of Having
Committed Murder.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright. 1900. by the New York
Herald Coroiiany.
MANILA. March 19.— The military com
mission appointed to try. fhe ' Ladrone
leaders. Morales and Gonzales, accused of
murdering Filipinos, found the prisoners
puJlty and sr-ntencod them to be hanged
March S> near Bayombong.
This is the first time the sentence of
death has been passed upon natives by
Americans. The action of the military
tribunal is calculated to suppress out
rapes by bands of outlaws, but is criti
cized in" some quarters as being prema
ture, owing to the fact that the insur
pent^s have sixty American prisoners in
thrir hands. They may retaliate by. ex
ecuting some of these.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO JCALL/ MONDAY, MARCH 19, 1900.
REBEL BAND IN
BORNEO ROUTED
BY THE BRITISH
Three Ports Destroyed by
Shells From' a Seven-
Pounder. .
Men Under Selleh Are Forced to Re
treat, Leaving Their Dead and
Wounded on the
Field.
6p«ctal Dispatch to Tho Call.
TACOMA. March 13.— A small British
force tn North Borneo last month de
stroyed three forts ocnpled by the brigand
Matt Selleh and 300 Borneo rebels. The
British constabulary, under Captain Har
rington, dragged a seven-pounder into the
forest with great difficulty.
The rebels had retreated ¦ before them,
taking a stand ln three forts surrounded
by strong stockades. During a heavy fog
Harrington's men pulled their gun to 'the
top of the hill commanding all three forts.
When daylight opened the gun was* placed
In action, with the result that one fort
was soon on fire. Several shells had pene
trated through the- thin roof, and bursting
had killed many rebels.
The gun was next directed at fi. fort oc
cupied by Selleh. He Immediately ordered
his men to climb up and unroof It In an
endeavor to prevent the fort from catch-
Ing fire. This fcaved Selleh's fort for but
half an hour, as the seven-pounder nearly
annhllated It before the British ammuni
tion became exhausted. In the meantime
Selleh and his men had retreated, leaving
their dead and wounded behind. Another
supply of ammunition has been forwarded
into the Interior from Labuan,. where it
wa3 left by a British gunboat, and the
campaign against Selleh will be continued.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
*&&. CO;**
fc 222-224 SUTTER STREET f>
• ¦ — — —
• Delivery ir« to Alameda, g
• O^khni and BitkeJey, on all c
5 Roods, including those sold at q
Z special sale, whether purchase &
q be large or small. *>
J SPECIAL S
o MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY §
S Eggs, ' Bit dozmc 8
9 Re*. Z2VtC.
2 Jams ani Jeilles 3 glasses 25c °
© Home made "from Dure fruit Julca a
9 - and granulated sugar. Reg. 10c.
2 Fig? 3 lbs 25c g
• California white Figs. Reg. A
• German l/ntils 3 lbs 25c J
2 Have bp^n used for fcod from tho *•
• earliest times. Regr. H.aC S
| Paraffins Match's gross 50c ®
5 "New Era" brand. Guaranteed #»
9 fq ual to the Vulcan, for which rou jr
©pay Ssc. g
2 KDSi!'roonis,"Ad small tins 15c g
O The little ones. Reg. 20c. g
% Lavender Salts large feot 40c %
• Crown Perfumery Co.'s lnvUroratln* fit
„ Salts: a rapid and pleasant cure for £,
9 the headache. Reg. SOc. *J
| Garden Kose 8c foot g
5 Very best 3-ply. %-lneh. coupled. "jj
• ready for use. In 15. 25. 33 and 50 foot J*
9 lengths. Res. 10c foot. *»
2 Window Screens, ?i M •
5 ¦ m33— Re*. 30c— now 25e J?
• 24x37— 11eg. 40c— now 300 w
| Holland Gin bot 75c; gal $3,25 g
2 Imported. Reg. 90c and J4.
g La FaiarSta Zinfan^el 5553.15 %
A A specially selected, light, delicate Q
S table wine. . Hex. $3 75.
2 Curacoa, .MS. ; $145 2
A Oolgard's. Made ln Holland. Red. A
2 -white or orange. Highest Krade int- «
•* ported. Reg. U 75. ' ;r
g Cigars, El Frai'o g
S Perfectos Ef»recia!e». clear Havana r\
• jroodn. a."» in box. J*2.r»O. R«r. $3. JT
w By the box only. **
O ¦ ©
m\ Write for monthly ratalocu*. free. gs
S FrelKht Fr*P«»d within 100 miles. •
WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOWNED
"Magnetic Elastic Truss" Dr. Pierce save to
the public the most remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the fmccessful treatment of Her-
nia, or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers hay»
been permanently relieved and radically CLTREI>
by this great appliance, and thousands of ethers
are now on the road to complete recovery. This
TrasK is different from all others. It does tna
work!
You can (ret our "BOOKLET No. 1" by call%
InK at th« office, or It will be sent on receipt o»
a 2-cent stamp. It tells all about this "Truss;
ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
C2O Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel).
San Francisco.
: Eastern Office— New York City. .
Is prepared froni the best knoTvii •
vegetable remedies, by a corabina-
'': tion, 'proportion and process peculiar
fto itselfl Thus it possesses peculiar :
curative power and effects marvelous
results where all others totally fail.
It is/the perfect, blood purifier, stoni- ,
ach tonic and nerve strengthener—
the best Spring Medicine that money
can buy. Get a bottla TODAY.
HAI AY^C Located on Market
ivn ness section, places
Ant/ of amusement and
m •V n depots: UCO rooms,
li k A Nib m witn bath 3 at >
U Ail ill/ tached. The largest
and finest hotels In
HATE I C the world - Araert-
|3 l l I ij| vv J can an( * European
** v *^plan.
DR.PIERCES^
GOLDEN
MEDICAL^ J
DISCOVERY
FOR THE :
BLOOD, LIVER. LUNG S;
ty^KOr*. .Kwl '""octy for Goaorrlio-^
OliN-t. 3p«rmatorrh,i.-».
Whites, unnatural ills.
jny Ounateta m ch.irsei. or any inilomna-
|*fc> not «n atrtatsn. Hon., irritation or ulcer v-
l^^Jrr«T«nM oontacloa. tion ot qqcoqi n*e n»»
y«»yHEEi>AN3 CHEM'ru Co. branes. lioo-aatriaieni.
U.-i iia °f sent la plain wr^r?"'',
P7 eipr-as, prcpaii. t^4
«WteK)l IliM. or 3 bottlo*. *-\7S. .
v '^s^F% v ¦ Ctrcaiax mm ua r-nrwfr,
vl JgATENTsf jj
NBbs%^33o MARKET bTl'aF."^^
2SENATE WAITING FOR
REPUBLICANS TO AGREE
Differences Arising From the Porto
Rican. measure Delay Legis
lative Action. - * •-¦ •
WASHINGTON. March 18.— It now looks
as though the week in the Senate would
be spent largely in waiting upon the spe
cial Republican caucus committee appoint
ed to harmonize the party on the propose.l
Porto Rican legislation. The Porto Rican
governmental bill will continue to hold its
place on the Senate calendar as the un
finished business, and some desultory
speeches doubtless will be made upon It,
but It will not be pressed as it would be
If there was hope of passing Jt soon.
Senator Mason has given notice of re
«pwed effort to get up his resolution of
sympathy with the Boers on Monday, but
pays he does not desire to speak upon It
The Senate leaders consider his resolution
unwise at this juncture.
To-morrow is District of Columbia uav
ln_the House. On Tuesday the Loud bill,
relating to second-class mail matter, will
come up under a special order BelUn,?
aside Tuesday. Wednesday and Thursday
for its consideration.
General Joseph Wheeler may present
himself at the bar of the House to be
sworn In some time during the week. 80
far as can be learned there is no objection
on either side to his admission If his resig
nation as a brigadier general in the srmy
shall have been accepted before he pre
sents himself. The case, however, may be
referred to a committee.
Farmers to Colonize.
CHIHUAHUA. March 18.-A colony of
400 Missouri farmers Is to be established
In the valley of the Concho river, in this
State. The promoters of the colonization
scheme have purchased 200.000 acres of
rich valleys, and a few of the colonists
have already arrived. The remainder of
the families will reach here In time to
put in this season's crop.
SHOES
Young ladies* Sunday spring heels.si. 25
Misses' Sunday styles, good 1.00
Childs' ZYi to 11. same, good 75c
All $3 00 ladies' button shoes, now. %2.cp
Shoes £or little people, stout wear... 50c
'Low shoes for girls or ladies 35c
Felt slippers, $1.00 kind 50c
Golf Caps, assorted colors, 75c kindle
Sample Hats for youths, not $1.00.. 25c
Boss of the Road Overalls, not 7Sc soc
FIRST FLOOR.
jo lbs Easternßuckwheat,notsOc,but2sc
2 lbs Self Rising do, not 15c, but 10c
Price's 8-oz Bak. Powder, not 25c.i2 l /k
Acme Wheat Flakes, not I2^c....6'cjc
Roast Coffee, a good quality 15c
Chicken Tamales, per tin. 8c
' Queen Olives, large* jars, not 75c but 27c
Rice, best family grade 4C 5c
Glass Pitchers, 50c kind .25c
Sporting Goods closing at reduced prices
Fishing Tackle closing at reduced prices
Fancy Crockery' on bargain table, see it
Free Check and Parcel Delivery for Patrons.
Yds. H deE feu ¦¦£ Kb
CASH STORE
The crir'nal reliable and largest mall order
fcouae. Ark tor Catalogues, tree.
25-27 Market St., near the Ferry.
Boys' school shoes, worth $2, for only
80c a pair at the sale of shoes, 717 Market
street. /¦-«?-¦ y:.;,?Z*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTED ENTOMOLOGIST
GOES TO HIS LAST REST
Death of Andrew Bolter, Who Was
Recognized as an Authority
on Insects.
CHICAGO, March 18.— Andrew Bolter,
one of the most noted entomologists in
America, and for forty-five years a resi
dent of Chicago, died to-day.
Although regarded as a high authority,
Mr. Bolter contributed no books to scien
tific literature. He frequently, however,
In response to requests for information
from Instructors and students In insect
life, wrote lengthy letters on various
phases of the subject, and his reputation
for practical knowledge was widespread.
He was a member of the Academy of
Sciences In Chicago and of the New York
Entomological Society.
From boyhood until a few years before
his death, at fcO years of age, Mr. Bolter's
uuiei pursuit outside of business hours
was the collection of Insects. His col
lection of beetles, butterflies and other
Insects of Innumerable kinds, said to be
the finest on the continent and one of the
most complete private collections in the
world, will probably go to the University
of Illinois.
Mr. Bolter, who was born in Sigmerin
gen, left Germany because the Govern
ment resented his connection with the
revolution of 1848.
BUSHNELL 'S OPENING.
Elaborate Two Days'. Reception Con
ducted by Miss Nora Quinlan.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
j SAN JOSE, March 18.— The opening of
the Metropolitan Studio, established by
F. H. Bushnell of San Francisco, was
marked by a popular reception that conj
menced Friday at 2 o'clock and ended last
evening. During the hours of the recep
tion, which was conducted by Mr. Bush
nell's forelady, L. "Nora Quintan, thou
sands of people visited ana inspected the
premises. Miss Quinlan has been asso
ciated with Bushnell since his inception
In business and Is well and favorably
known as a successful business woman.
D'Ablaln's orchestra was in attendance
and an elaborate concert was in progress
most of the time.
The opening of the Palace of Art is an
event In the progress of San Jose. Mr.
Bushnell has given to the Garden City a
studio at once perfect In mechanical
equipment and as rich and rare In artis
tic litting as any in America. Such an
expenditure shows a business enterprise
seldom equaled. The gallery is located
in the theater building, at 41 North First
street. Throughout the palace there Is an
atmosphere of taste and elegance which
It Is said Is more elaborate than the stu
dios of San Francisco or Oakland. An
outlay of $10,000 has been made on these
improvements.
Expressions of surprise and pleasure at
the. beauties displayed and of the photo
praphlc art works that embellish It were
heard on every side and many hearty con
gratulations were extended Mr. ; Bushnell.
Mrs. Martha Ewing. formerly an assist
ant under, Miss Quinlan in the San.Fran
cisco gallery, will look after the destinies
of the Metropolitan Studio in this city.
Killed by a Tree.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 18.— Frank
Hagarman, foreman of the paint depart
ment of the Santa Fe shops', met with
sudden death this . forenoon - by* being
crushed by a tree a neighbor: was felling.
Hagarman and his little girl watched the
process of cutting the tree down until it
was about ready to fall. He sent her back
out of the way, telling her she might get
hurt; and the next moment the tree fell,
crushing his skull and killing him in
stantly. .. ¦ ' _'¦¦¦-.
Fire at Blue Canyon.
BLUE CANYON, ¦ March 18— Fire last
night destroyed the hotel owned by Mrs.
Peterman and leased by J. J. Woodbury^
the office of the railroad company, occu
pied by Agent J. B. Knapp as a dwelling;
the house of the section foreman and
SIR WILLIAM
LOCKHART DIES
AT CALCUTTA
Commander in Chief of the
British Forces in
India.
Was a Gallant Officer With a Splen
did Record of Service In a
Great Many Cam
. paigns.
CALCUTTA, March 18.— General Sir Wil
liam Stephen Alexander Lockhart, com
mander in chief of the British forces in
India, died to-day.
In the death of General Lockhart tho
British army loses one of its most able
commanders, and doubtless the most ex
perienced frontier fighters on the list. He
was born In 1841 and entered the service
as ensign of the Forty-fourth Bengal Na
tive Infantry in ISSB, and with some short
exceptions has been in service in India
ever since. He took part in the Bhotan
war of 1864-66, the Abyssinian war of 1867
68, the Hazara campaign in the same year,
the Dutch war i« Acheen in 1875-77, the
Afghan war, 1&79-W). and the Burmese war,
1&65-S7. He commanded the forces in the
two Mlranzi expeditions of 1891. the Isazal
expedition in 1892 and the Waziristun ex
pedition of 1894-95. When the trouble broke
out on the northwestern frontier of India
in the summer of 1897 General Lockhart
was in England on leave of absence, but
at once hastened to the scene of action
and took command of all the forces, num
bering about 70,000. The story of the oper
ations of the several divisions of his army
In the suppression of the rebllious tribes
and the permanent occupation of Khybu
Pass, with the extension of the frontier,
is yet fresh in the minds of the public.
General Lockhart won favorable mention
in every expedition in which he served
and many decorations. His medal for
frontier service In India bears eight clasps.
Indicating an accumulation of special hon
ors in that line.
supply houses. The fire originated in the
room of the Chinese cook. Mrs. Baden of
Sacramento, employed in the dining-room,
had her foot badly Injured. Nothing was
saved from the hotel.
m -
SHELDON APPEALS FOR
STARVING IN INDIA
Thinks That . £h#J. v JFariners of Kansas
Should 'and Could Contribute a
Million Bushels of Corn.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOPEKA, March' 18.— Charles ;M.; M. Shel
don In his pulpit to-day made an appeal
to the people of Kansas to contribute
1,000.000 bushels of corn for the relW of
the starving people in India. He referred
to the big corn crop this year, and said
the people of the State from their stores
of plenty ought to contribute this mit» to
relieve the sufferings of the starving peo
ple. The newspapers of the State will be
asked to assist in soliciting and collecting
contributions. The railroads, Rev. Shel
don says, will transport the corn to tho
seaboard free.
Rev. Sheldon said to-night he hoped to
have 1,000.000 bushels of corn ready for
shipment inside of thirty days. In his ser
mons to-day Rev. Sheldon made no men
tion of his newspaper experiment here
this week.
PRINTERS' UNION EXPELLED.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CHICAGO, March 18.— At a largely at
tended meeting of the Federation of Labor
to-day resolutions were unanimously
adopted expelling Typographical Union
No. 16 for treasonable action in not sup
porting the boycott declared by the ceu
tral body eighteen months ago against the
Chicago Record and the Daily News.
This means that the boycott will now
be pushed more vigorously than ever. The
printers gave notice of an appeal to the
American Federation of Labor. The print
ers at a meeting held March 11 adopted
resolutions setting forth that they had no
grievances against any Chicago newspaper
publisher. This action was re«ented by
the Federation of Labor and resulted in
to-day's action. m » •
REPORT IS CONFIRMED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON," March 18.— The report
telegraphed here, to-day from Los Angeles
that Representative Waters had deter
mined not to be a candidate fox renomi
natlon was confirmed by. his fellow mem
bers of the California delegation, to whom
Mr. Waters had some time ago made
known his decision. Mr. Waters will re
tire after a single term in the House on
account of Important business interests
which demand his entire attention. His
withdrawal from Congressional life is
greatly regretted by the members gener
ally.
Wedding of Sculptors.
NEW YORK. March 18.— Miss Mary
Trimble Lawrence, the sculptor, whose
best known work, a statue of Columbus,
stood at the head of the court of honor
at the Chicago World's Fair, was married
to-day to Francois Michel Tonetti, also
a sculptor of note. ¦ _, ..•
v MnHE members of Islam Temple of the Mystic Shriners
•* I will leave on Friday next for a visit to Sacramento,
' m ' m II where a number of innocents will be initiated Into
* *v. the mysteries of crossing the hot sands of the desert.
.. The illustration shows the vanguard of the procession as
.. it will appear on X street on Saturday. The official an
* • nouncement says that It will be "a celebration and pll
•v ¦• ¦ • ¦ - ¦ -
grimage to the holy city of Sacramento In • memory of
. Khatoon Haf sh. daughter of Omar, widow of Koonay, an
early convert to Islam, fifth wife of the . prophet (may
Allah favor and preserve him), on which occasion will be
observed the «f east of Yawmool Akbeer, that great and
last day." There will be between 160 and 200 Nobles of the
Shrine who will go on that pilgrimage,- and great prepara
tions have been made in the holy city to receive them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"They certainly are." he replied. "Cigar
leaf is grown on a large scale in New
Hampshire. Vermont, Massachusetts, Con
necticut. New Jersey. New York, Penn
sylvania, Ohio, Wisconsin, Florida. Geor
gia and Texas. The domestic manufac
ture of cigars represents $100,000,000 of in
vested capital, $150,000,000 worth of annual
product, pays 125.000 persons $60,000,000 in
wages yearly and consumes $50,000,000
worth of tobacco and other supplies,
mostly produced in the United . States.
Under tropical free trade this vast domes
tic industry would be largely transferred
to Havana and Manila, where wages are
but a fraction of those earned by Ameri
can cigar makers.
"The citrus fruit industry ,of California
alone represents $50,000,000 and thousands
of persons. The vegetable Industry rep
resents an annual product of equal value.
Lying at the very door of our home mar
ket, Cuba, Porto Rico and Jamaica could
pay full duties and still undersell domes
tic producers. Cotton culture and manu
facture in the Orient will have great im
petus under coolie labor. Cuba has al
ready asked for a protective tariff against
Louisiana rice. Although -T»oolen manu
facturers are making more money than
ever, lower duties on wool are sought
through a reciprocity with .Argentina.
The culture of sugar beets at the north
and west and of sugar cane at the south,
and the manufacturer of sugar therefrom
would be wiped out by tropical free trade.
This Is one of the most promising agri
cultural and manufacturing industries,
and farmers are determined to have this
home market for $100 .000,000 worth yearly
of this new and profitable crop. Such a
policy is best for the country.
Protest of the Farmer.
"For instance, under the reciprocity
Porto Rico Increased her consumption of
flour only 15 cents per capita yearly for
her 1.000 .000 people, while the beet sug&.r
industry, if developed only enough for lo
cal consumption, would put $2 50 Into the
pockets of the people of Minnesota and
the Northwest. The beet sugar Industry
is now so lar developed in New York,
Michigan, Ohio, Wisconsin, Minnesota,
Virginia, Illinois lowa, South Dakota, Ne
bras-ka, Colorado, Utah, New Mexico,
Washington. Oregon and California that
to sacrifice it to tropical trusts would be
a crime. To-day, therefore, the American
farmer says to Congress:
" 'I have supported protection for other
Interests; now I want them to support
protection for the farmer. If fruits, sugar,
tobacco, vegetables, etc.. are to be ad
mitted free from Porto Rico, Cuba or tha
Philippines, then admit free manufactures
from England and Europe. If duties on
the produce I have to sell are reduced 12
to 2<3 per cent by reciprocity, then make
it a like reduction on the manufactures I
have to buy. So long as there is protec
tion I want my share of it. especially on
those things upon which a duty will re;:lly
protect. Don't subject me to free trade
conditions. and expect me to vote protec
tion for the other fellow.'
"The farmer's position is impregnable.
It is just. He asks no special favors —
only to be treated equally as well as the
labor and capita! in other industries. It is
significant, also, that the farmer Is sup
ported in this position by labor, which is
the chief consumer of his products. Work
ers In other vocations know that when
the farmer prospers all industries thrive."
"But how can Porto Rican products be
excluded if it is a part of the United
States?" .
"Domestic producers bitterly resent rs.
tablishing a precedent for Porto Rico that
must inevitably be applied to Cuba and
tne Philippines later. We prefer to avoid
the constitutional issues for a few years
by leaving Porto Rico as a military pos
session, *with a civil government within
the President's direction. The present
military tariff admits foods. Implements
and ether necessities free of duty 'nto
Porto Rico. Instead of taxing these, like
other articles. 15 per cent, as proposed in
the House bill pending in the Senate, we
would let It stand as it present. A jo'nt
resolution authorizing the President to re
duce somewhat the duties on Porto Rlcan
produce shipped into the United States Is
all that Is now needed since the big ap
propriation for Porto Rican relief has
passed. This would afford the Islander*
every facility for getting on their feet
again. As a matter of fact, they can pay
full duties to get into the United States
and still make more money than American
farmers and not work half as hard. This
will also give our statesmen abundant
time to decide upon the government for
Porto Rico."
Not a Party Issue.
"What is the attitude of domestic pro
ducers toward Cuba and the Philippines?"
"Treat them alike. Help the Filipinos
to self-government and nominal indepen
dence, as the United States is doing in
Cuba. This will be vastly better for our
foreign trade as well as for our domestic
interests, and at the same time will wipe
out the economic, constitutional and
moral questions involved In Imperialism.
When this is accomplished Porto Rico
might come In as a territory, but not be
fore. With justice toward all. the whole
mass of complicated Issues growing out
of the Porto Rican affair would thus be
disposed of. An Increasing number of
Senators and Representatives of both par
ties favor this proposition. I believe it
will yet be carried out."
"Will the people approve?"
"The party that walks this plank will
win hands down next November." replied
Chairman Myrick. "The people will never
submit to the competition of yellow la
bor. Some alleged sympathy has been in
dustriously worked by the Porto Rican
lobby at Washington, which is headed by
a British vice consul, who Is not even a
citizen of Porto Rico. When this whole
case is fully understood the American
people will take the position now held by
the League of Domestic Producers. This
is a matter of self-preservation, not of
politics, with the American farmer and
workingman.
SPRINGFIELD. Mass.. March IS.— "The
most serious politico-economic contest
ever witnessed in the United States may
yet grow out of the Porto Rican affair.
The grfat hubbub it has already created
is but a faint prelude to the uproar that
may follow the present effort to sacrifice
American farmers to tropical monopolies.
Yet there is a very simple and Just way
to avoid this and many other threatened
difficulties."
So said Herbert Myrick. chairman of the
League of Domestic Producers, in an in
terview yesterday. The league is a new-
Jy-formed coalition of the various agricul
tural, labor and manufacturing Interests
endangered by tropical competition, and
represents more than 3,000,0» voters. The
change of front by the administration at
Washington is attributed largely to the
League's recent petition and memorial to
Congress. Mr. Myrick said:
"The sugar refiners' trust depends for
3ts very life upon imported raw Eugar.
Its death knell is sounded by the devel
opment of domestic beet sugar produc
tion, as well as by other competition; the
trust's shares have sunk almost one-half
in market value. But if the sugar refin
ers trust can get raw cane sugar admitted
•duty-free from the tropics it can throttle
the domestic beet sugar industry and
realize profits beyond the dreams of ava
rice.
"The same is true of the tobacco and
cigar trust and the tropical fruit trust.
These powerful interests, together with
the Spanish landlords and speculators
•who have acquired lands in Porto Rico.
Cuba and the Philippines, are the influ
ences that are exerting such tremendous,
nut artfully concealed, pressure in behalf
of free trade with the tropics. If th^y
succeed vast syndicates will be perfected
to employ coolie labor on the unlimited
fertile soils of those islands in producing
pujrar. tobacco, fruits, vegetables, rice,
cotton, etc., as well as cigars, cotton cloth
and other manufactures, at prices that
¦will frreatly undersell domestic products
unless wages and living in this country
descend to a level with the tropics.
Hawaii's Coolie Labor.
Hawaii afford? striking proof that this
is Just what will happen. She has im
ported T>o.nM coolies and doubled her sugar
production within a f^w years, largely
pince annexation. Java and EfO'Pt pro
duce sugar at a cost that laughs at tar
iffs. Last year about half the sugar im
ported into the United States was pro
duced by yellow labor— double the propor
tion of five years ae:o. The American
farmers and workiiiKmen realize that
protection against th<> products of coolie
labor is now as essential to self preserva
tion as were the Chinese exclusion acts
of the United States and Australia."
"But are the domestic industries! threat
<pr:ed of any particular consequence?"
Mr. Myrick was ask.-d.
KILLED WHILE
PRETENDING TO
BE A BANDIT
Intoxicated San* Bernardino
Youth Shot by. a
' Bicyclist.
Amuses Himself by 'Holding Up
Travelers - and Is v Taken Seri
ously by One of His In
tended Victims.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 18.— Wesley
Welch, a 19-year-old youth, was shot and
killed about 4 o'clock this afternoon by
August Lamote, at the Santa Ana bridge,
two and a half miles from town.
Welch, who is believed to be mentally
deranged, had been drinking, it is said,
and while driving along the country road
in a buggy was amusing himself by play
ing highwayman and attempting to hold
up those whom he met. Lamote was rid
ing a bicycle and when he approached
Welch's buggy the drunken man demand
ed the bicyclist's money and at the same
time struck him with a whip.
Lamote had $125 on his person, and,
thinking Welch was a genuine highway
man, drew a revolver and shot his assail
ant. Welch died shortly after being shot
and Lamote was placed under arrest-
Welch was a stepson of Thomas Val
rey and was well known here.
NO SQUADRON
TO BE SENT TO
CHINESE WATERS
•Navy Officials Deny Rumors:
, of Danger to Americau
Interests.
-_ — »
Neither Has There Been Any Tnfrm*.
tion of Dispatching Soldiers
From the Philippines to •>
Taku. . > I "- ;
¦ ¦
WASHINGTON. March IS.— Tn official
and diplomatic circles here a denial la au
thorized of published reports that there
have been conferences with a view to the
dispatch of additional warships and
United States soldiers to China, and that
news of the gravest character has been
received from the United States Minister
to China. There Is said to be no fears en
tertained that any serious danger to
American interests is Impending.
It is suggested that the published re
ports have as their basis the recent artlon
of the Navy Department, made public at
the time through the Associated Press,
in directing Admiral Watson, who is
in command of the naval forces
in the Philippines, to send a
warship to the port of Taku. at the mouth
of the Pieho River. This was done as a
result of the representations made to tha
State Department by Minister Conger,
who reported that serious attacks had
been made upon the American missions in
Shantung by the "Boxers." a powerful
and numerous anti-foreign league of Chi
nese. Secretary Long said to-night this
was all that had been done by the Navy
Department, and he was not yet aware
which of his vessels the admiral had de
cided to send to the Chinese port. Tha
Secretary further denied emphatically tha
correctness of the publication, so far as
the Navy Department was concerned, and
added that there had been no conferences
on the subject, such as were reported as
having taken place.
Acting Secretary Meiklejohn of th*
War Department was as emphatic in de
nying the accuracy of the publications a*
affecting his department as Secretary
Long was regarding the Navy Depart
ment. Mr. Meiklejohn specifically stated
that there had been no conference with
Assistant Secretary Hill as to the num
ber of troops that could ba spared from
the Philippines for service in China.
Embassador yon Holleben of Germany,
whose name is -also identified with tbe
publication, was about to go out to keep
an engagement as a reporter met him at
the door of the embassy this evening, rio
acknowledged that he had seen the Secre
tary of State recently, but said that Cht T
nese affairs were not the subject of thesr
conversation.
Cameras and photo supplies tn artists'
material department at Sanborn & Vall's,
7<l Market street. •
NOBLEMAN BUNCOED.
Supposed Gold Bars Found to Be
Entirely Spurious.
CHICAGO. March 18.— The assay of six
supposed bars of pold that had been
placed , in a trust company's vaults pend
ing the completion of the sale of a mine
from which the gold was supposed to
have come was completed to-day, and
showed j that the bars were composed of
copper, zinc and other metals. . without a
trace of gold. The bars were left with
the trust company by two men giving
their, names as R. G. Miller and William
Schroder, who published, an advertise
ment in a London paper offering to sell
a - gold ; mine for $50,000. and ; induced Sir
Frpderick -Vlgror and T. D." G. -Dray ton of
KnR-land-to come to the United States to
close the deal. The Englishmen say they
had borings taken from the bars, and an
analysis showed the borings contained 76
per. "cent gold. One: of the Englishmen
went with one of the alleged gold mlnn
owners to California to see the mine, but
says the alleged owner: disappeared sud
denl>v>ne day,, the other, supposed owner
disappearing from Chicago. This turn in
affairs was precipitated by. the demand of
the Englishmen thati their traveling ex
penses be i paid. The > Englishmen had a
trust company appointed receiver for the
six bars of supposed gold and the analy
sis which they! ordered made will be sent
to ¦ th<?m in ' Kngland. They sailed from
New - Tork Sunday. ¦-¦i^SSSSESM
DEWEY TO VISIT THE POPE.
With His Bride the Admiral Starts
on a Long Trip!
WASHINGTON,' March 18.— Admiral and
Mrs. ; Dewey left here ', to-night; for a trip
south: ¦¦ They, expect : to ; visit \ Savannah,
Macon, St. Augustine, ;¦ Jacksonville and
Palm .-- Beach. ..The ¦ admiral « and - Mrs.
Dewey probably will: not return .to this
city until the latter part of next month,
at which . time, it is said, they will ¦ sail
for Europe, visiting : the exposition some
tim© during the> summer. i-Whil© In
Europe they will visit the Pope.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Harry Heyman, NT
J Hatch. San Jose
G iB Katzensteln, Sac
J B Anderson. Stanfrd
L Auerbach. Boston
A W Wlnslow, Boston
AH Averlll. Portland
E L Doheny, Los Ang
C Wellborn, Los Ang
S Ullman. NT
P Johnson. Greenwood
R Liven. Cal ,
Wm Wallace. Montana
Mrs Wallace. Montana-
E • Davidge, Brooklyn
Mrs Davidge. Brooklyn
Miss E Davidce. Brkln
R C Merryman, Wts !
A C Merryman. Wls I .
G B Buffum. St Louis
E R Perth. Ohio '¦' -
Mrs Perth. Ohio '
G A Harrison. Seattle
J Goodman.: Seattle \
Mrs Goodman, ¦ Seattle
Mrs W B Walker, 111
C C Walker. Chicago •
M F Lowenthal. N T
C E Cahn, N T
A J GUllnan. Los Auk
F H Hopkins, Portland
Mrs Hopkins, Portland
J G Wood worth. Wash
Mrs Woodworth, Wash
C O Mellany. N T
Thos Greenwald. N O
Mrs Greenwald. N O
F W Oliver, St Louis
Mrs Oliver. St Louis
HA* Simpson. Peoria
Mrs Simpson. Peoria
R D Gottleib. Chicago
J A Brady. Chicago
Mn E X Churchill. O
L H Elliott. Cleveland
N Morris, Chicago
E Morris & w. Chicago
Miss M Morris. 11l
W L Candle. N T
G A McLlntock. 11l ,
J F Parks. Jackson
WW Damon. NT
E L Carpenter, Salt L
L Fitzgerald. N T
Mrs Fitzgerald. N T
Miss Fitzeerald. N T
Miss N Fitzgerald. NT
Guy Richards. N T
C M Borden, Conn
GRAND HOTEL.
A Anderson. Suisun
F A Jonen. Fresno^.-/
J C I J atrlcia.& *&&$!-
M Sims. Sacf<y.-^Sr-
D W Wasley. CKlf»^
T Oscood. Oaklittdio'.
O M Tatgart, Oaktantf
J Kullman, Benicia/.v.
H Hpnry. Berkeley ¦»<-'
J Helldebrand. Oakliwi
F A Cutler. Crescent' C
T Duffy. Crescent CiU
H Roy. B C ,
N L Bailey, Minn ","
F W Finch. Minn
C H Hall & w, Duluth
X Caulloy. Paris
O F Atwood. Stockton
Thou Hunter, Kiko
M H Miller. Elko
R Vauchan & "iv. Sac
J Thleben.- Sacto
D N Gray. Salt Lake
H A Taylor. Chicago
D W Chambers. B C
Mifs H J Hood. NT
Mrs O W Stoner, Wash
R H Myrick. NT
Alex Shields. London \ •
J Bull. N..T^ . - -
r. D Men^paUßh. NT
r W Blnderheimer. L.A
A' F Roners, | Doston
•W R Thomas. Stocktn
.Vill Scales & xr. Nev
iT^-Mattlson. Santa Crz
2T H Lannes. Gilroy
MISSN E Palmtas, Cal
C Jackson. Placerville :
R H Weil. Sacto
AC Morrison. Cal
Mrs WH West. 11l "
A R Orr & w. Vlsalla
C Bausche, Werden .';
T L Leonard & w, Los
"Gatos
J M Canty, Grayson L-
S D Henderson & wife,
• Ban Joce
A D Moore. Exeter ¦
W noprera, Cal ;. ¦. ¦' '
C M Wardell. Stanford t
G R Lawrence, Stanfd
J T Williams. 11l >\
FW Bennett. Stanfrd
C A Cartwell. Stanfrd
E Fraier, Sacto
W T Rathbun &w, Cal
JH Anderson, Orovllle
E C Peart. Colusa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J P Smith. San. Jose
M L Van Scoten, Cal
E iMartln, ; Fresno *-• f
M Holtum. Walnut- Gr
T White. Ukiah
J Dennis. Fresno: - ¦¦
C Wilson. San Jose
J Mulroy. Lob Angeles
J.Boo«.»Red Bluff ;,!
R S Kirk. Reno -'" J
J Welsh, Chicaao
T W'elnh, : Chicago
S R Gates. Benlcia
H Johnson. Vallejo -. ''¦
N Campbell. Michigan
H W Clark. Marysvllle
H Koester. Cleveland
C Newcomer & w. 11l "-
F PHaeoel. Detroit
--- ¦' * ¦ ' -- ? . • - ¦
New York Dental Parlors,
History Building, 723 Market Street, .
You may hove your TEETH OUT IN THE MORNING and
go home with NEW ONES THE SAME DAY.
"NO PAIN," NO COCAINE. "NO GAS."
All work done by GRADUATE DENTISTS o! from 12 to 20 years*
- experience, and absolutely WITHOUT PAIN.
Nowhere on earth Is the subject of dentistry A«ld« from the specialists In brt<s*» work. w«
co thoroughly understood and so much care have specialists In plate work, who &r*,world-
experienced as -by the directors of this ma«- renowned, men of superior Intelligence, who
nl v£ n w?.l 'fe^u ln el allance C exactly what ***• devoted tfcelr who!, live, to thU wort
your work will cost by a free examination. . -
Give us a call and you will find we do exactly
as we • advertise. ¦ . ¦¦ />n/\««/ai O The following ar» tmonf
Specialists in Bridge Work. LKUYVNC* XK?MSg^!
Lffl PI ATFC fffMi CROWNS, GOLD BRIDGES (TKETII WITH-
|*fU rfcAHa IhQM| OUT PLATES). GOLD FILLINGS. PORCn-
DlTni. U HtflilU. LAIN" FILLINGS. PORCELAIN CROWN'S,
»*»UuIK Him I'ORCEIiAIX BRIDGES. TREATMENTS. EX-
.. *lnF*f% HETi tracttxg teeth without pain, regu-
tfg/Btt 'CD LATING TEETH. AND FULL AND PARTIAL
MSHgM^ _. J^^^f II PLATES MADE OF GOLD. ALUMINUM. ZT-
llsßiy A.v lonite. watts metal, porcelain and
In our GOLD CROWNS and BRIDGE WORK. 22-K Gold CPO\V';iS . . .$5.00
of which-we are maklns a SPECIALTY. ¦ th» '/¦»_. »j " C'lii— .«._. 1 g\e\
most BEAUTIFUL, PAINLESS and DURABLE ilOlCl rilllligS.. I.UO
of all dental work known to the profession, you — ... _„„ . _ rt
will find an example of the HIGHEST ARTIS- Silver Flllin&S • • ,oO
TICATTAINMENT. the adaptability of which .7* ~ .. S . —^
to the HYGIENIC condition* of the mouth la Teeth WlthOllt platCS 5.00
unquestioned. ¦ "
.Any work that should not prove satisfactory _ ..¦_• _._-_" ._._-,— ' .-»_ .«. _
S?r».'to° M '°' w .' a °°' ¦*•"'¦.*' ""'A FULL 5ET. ...55.00
723 MARKET ST., San Francisco
\ . ——MAIN' OFFICE
:'¦'. .: FOtTRTH AJfD HARRISON STREETS....'. ......*.... PORTI*AJfD. O%
RUSH FOR SEATS TO
SEE ELKS IN CIRCUS
OAKLAND, March 18.— There will be six
performances upder the big tent at
Twelfth and Madison streets of the much
heralded Elks' circus, beginning to-mor
row afternoon. The daytime perform
ances are solely of the trained animal de
partment of the show. The evenings will
be given over to the programmes which
Oakland Lodge has arranged for the en
tertainment and edification of its friends.
Seats are in demand for every perform
ance, and the only problem confronting
the promoters of the carnival under can
vas Is to provide for the attendance
Dress rehearsals were held this after
noon, and the performers have sent word
to their friends that they are in perfect
trim for their public exhibitions.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JULIA ARTHUR RETIRES.
PHILADELPHIA. March IS.— B. C.
Cheney, husband of Julia Arthur, the
actress, to-night announced her retire
ment from the stage for the season and
perhaps permanently. All dates have been
canceled and the company disbanded. Mr.
Cheney says:
"If In the future Mrs. Cheney has the
desire to re-enter her professional career,
I have no objection, but will only consent
to short seasons of ten weeks or so. If
she does play again it will be only In Bos
ton, New York. Phlladedlphia and Chi
cago and only in such standard plays as
¦Romeo and Juliet' and 'As You Like It.' "
Attempted Train Wreck.
CLEVL.AND. 0.. March 13.— An attempt
was made to wreck the Lake Shore fast
mall, west-bound, leaving here at 10
o'clock to-night. At Olmstead Falls,
about twenty miles west of here, a rail
had been laid across the track. The en
gineer saw the obstruction in time to ap
ply the air brake. The front wheels of
the locomotive struck the rail, but the
engine remained on the track. The en
gineer says he saw three men run away
from the spot where the obstruction had
been placed.
WAR REVENUE
BILL WILL NOT
BE CHANGED
Proposed Amendments Will
Probably Die in
Committee.
Members of the California Delega
tion in Favor of Alterations,
but Unable to Secure Any
Action.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
WASHINGTON, March 18.— It is the
opinion- of the California delegation In
Congress that no action will be taken at
this session on any of the proposed
amendments to the war revenue act.
Great pressure has been brought to bear
on the Ways and Means Committee of
the House and Finance Committee of the
Senate to report favorably to the respec
tive bodies on the large number of bills
and resolutions looking to amend the act,
which have been introduced and referred
to these committees since Congress as
sembled. This has been especially true
with reference to the propositions for the
repeal or amendment of the provisions of
the war revenue act relating to the tax
on express packages, telegrams, proprie
tary medicines and other minor charges.
On the other hand, such strong influences
have been at work, and thus far success
fully, to prevent any modittcation of the
present law or the repeal of any of Its
provisions by this Congress that there is
practically no hope of legislation affect-
Ing the matter during this session
Senator Perkins' Views.
Senator Perkins said to-day: "we are
not so -sanguine aa to favorable action
by either house. There are so many pro
posed amendments before the committees
having the matter in charge affecting so
many different Interests that It does not
now seem probable any disposition will
be made of them and that they will die in
committee. Regarding the express war
revenue stamp case before the Supreme
Court, many good lawyers believe the
court will hold that the express com
panies should pay the tax. It is, quit©
certain, at all events, that Congress will
not now legislate concerning these ques
tions of internal revenue contained In cer
tain provisions of the war revenue act."
Representative Loud said: "Any at
tempt of our delegation to secure favor
able action on any proposed amendments
would prove futile. The sentiment of the
California delegation is undoubtedly
unanimous as to the question of the ex
press stamp tax, but so far as Congress
is concerned it is the policy of the Re
publican party in both houses to favor no
legislation at this session that in any way
affects the war revenue bill."
Representative Waters Bald: "I have
always favored making the express and
telegraph companies pay the stamp tax,
but it is agreed, apparently, by leaders In
Congress that no change in the law- is at
present possible.
De Vries Unsuccessful.
Representative de Vries, > when asked
for his views regarding the effort to se
cure action of Congress, said: "I have
written to Mr. Payne, chairman of the
Ways and Means Committee, many times
urging a favorable report on the pro
posed amendments In his committee, and
have always received the reply that no
action will be taken at the present session.
All arguments and pressure possible have
been brought forward, but nothing will be
done by the House so long as the leaders
are oposed to doing anything In the mat
ter."
Representative Kahn has had experi
ence similar to that of others of the dele
gation. He said: "I have appealed to
Chairman Payne repeatedly on behalf of
my constituents, but always got the re
ply that no action whatever would be
taken on amendments to the revenue bill.
I favor making the express companies
pay the tax. but bo far as Congress Is con
cerned nothing can be done about the
matter this session." ¦
The views of Senator Bard and Messrs.
Barham. Needham and Metcalf would be
only a repetition of those of the rest of
the delegation. . ."
HOW THE MYSTIC SHRINERS
WILL APPEAR AT SACRAMENTO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MOND AY, MARCH 19, 1900.,
FARMERS COMBINE TO
OPPOSE FREE TRADE
Organization Representing Three Million
Voters Demands a Tariff Upon
Porto Rican Products!
Broken-down
weary from pain and the torture of
over-taxed nerves, it is but natural that
you should be low spirited arxi /le-
jetted. Worn-out by the care, the
worry and the long suffering fj-.r.j
weaknesses that ha\e baffled the best
efforts of your family doctor, it is no
wonder you hsve become discouraged,
ar.ti think there is nothing leit for you
but sufterinc and miser)'. Uo not give
up all hope, do not lose all courage.
Kenjembex Dr. Miles' Nervine has
helped thousands of despondent wom-
en to regain their lovt health and fail-
ing riren^th. It quiets the irritated
• nerves, rests the weary* bram and
drives worry and. care away It gives
rest to the failing api>etite. in\ ijjorates
the digestion and adds new strength
and vigor to the whole system. Don't
J forget the name
DR. MILES'
"Chanje ot Lfe left me a total
wreck and I fuffeied nervousness,
rheumatism, heart tiouble and dropsy.
When I commenced taking Dr. Miles*
Nerv me last December 1 was thought
to be in the last stages of nervous pros-
tration and was scarcely able to move
about the house. I.began to improve
almost from the first dose, and in a few
months I was enjoying better health
than I had before in fifteen years. 1
ana now ab!e to walk ten or a dozen
blocks without feeling in the least fa-
tigued, and I bless the day I first heard
of Dr. Miies* Nervine."
Mrs Dr. Norris, Kock Rapids, la.
SoM at all druggists on a positire
guarantee. Write for free advice and
booklet to
Dr. Mile* Medical Co , Elkhart, Ind.
Iffiffil HhEI '¦ mam
This starts the sixth week of our sale of *£&4&3& i
||Hl blue serge 3§m
I f suits $10 ITT 1
1 I •If you have had a hesitancy about • B
B j I* buying this shou'd encourage your pur- I-i ' £
¦\ ' - I chasing. Others ar; finding these suits I n ¦
E I 1 1 values — just what they want — a stylish, | j H
B I well-made, popular suit at a low price. | H
|j / We hay: had a constant call for these A I H
¦ I \\ suits from the very 'first. /j 8
1/ I 1 [/ Don't you believe in success? 1 / O
¦ 1 But we glvs you protection: Money 111' r ' M
¦ I returned if you want it; or suit kept In |j '/) B
I. L ; If out of town write for catalogue No. 2—2 — i.|lf I H
B ] I it will help you when ordering. I l|\ jI B
I |. s.N.Wood&Sd, rnkm
I J^M 718 Mapkct St « ¦pP"^
= s^^:^r s y^ : v^^^^^k^-u^~; "*'
3NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The French Minister of Marine has or
dered two powerful 'cruisers from the firm
of ¦ Ansolda, :: Genoa, -iand Is negotiating
with Orlando Bros.; ' Leghorn, for building
two other cruisers. '.. ;
' .The French sheathed ', cruiser D'Estrees
of 2452 1 tons, . launched In 1807, is at last
nearly, ready for < service. ; She is credited
with a ' speed : of j2l knots • and ; will •be at
tached to the northern squadron' as a dls
1 patch , vessel. 'Her armament :r.: r . is ¦¦' rather
UNFA VORABLE VIEWS
OF THE HUNTINGTON
INSURANCE SCHEME
; Haywards Journal. ¦¦»..
: .The proposed; "insurance relief- plan or
the Southern Pacific strikes us as entire.-/
uncalled for. and r has. in itUhe elements
of a freeze-out; game., Naturally the tra
ternal orders are up in arms against it | for
If It succeeds it means the wholesale with
drawal of . members! from f the' Workman.
Woodmen., Knights of Pythias and other
orders. It :has surprised us that ~ th.se
three: orders ..'especially.; have not - before
this taken up the fight and protested most
vigorously against it and lend their Jnßu
ence and moral ; support to back up their
Personally Conducted Excurslom
In Improved wide-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
rleeplng cars via Santa Fe route. Experienced
excursion conductors - accompany these excur-
sions to look after the , welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. Ta St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. 628 Market street.
According to several quarreling ministers of Chi
cago services of song have a distinct and very mate
rial commercial value to the Lord. A. coterie of
clergymen in the Windy City is fighting bitterly to
determine who owns the royalties on a denomina
tional songbook.
The uproar which greeted the Lord, Mayor of Dub
lin in his effort to secure the adoption of a series of
resolutions of welcome to the Queen indicates that
the coming visit of her Majesty to Ireland will lack
nothing in demonstrative effects at least.
For the first time in history" the green flag of Ireland
has floated for a day over the mansion of the Lord
Mayor of London. England must be planning for the
Irish soldiers some immensely harder service tnan
they are now rendering in South Africa. ;
The revolutionists of Colombia: have changed their
minds. They intended at first to retire to the mo
notony of private life, but the dispatches announce
that after much persuasion they have consented to
a return engagement of twelve months.
In the midst of all sorts- of local annoyances,
troubles and disappointments conies the announce
ment of an' unexpected blessing to the people of San
Francisco. William Jennings Bryan is coming to the
city and promises that he will not talk! '
. If the row over the arrangement of a tariff for Porto
Rico indicates what may be expected when Congress
approaches similar discussions in reference to other
new possessions we may hope that the next generation
will see a settlement of the'dispute.
Another Peruvian revolution has ended in the. death
of the last revolutionary general. The Republicans
ofrthe South American nation -have great hopes in a
new crop of fiery patriots, however, and the end is not
yet reached. r
The San /Andreas stage robber who pleaded that
his little effort to hold up a stage was all a joke will
probably discover that some • practical jokers are re
warded with long terms in the penitentiaries.
: The • thing that troubles the '• imperialist most i$\ to
decide what to do with the constitution.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
MANTLE TRIMMED WITH SABLE.
The beautiful mantle represented is of
white j panne,; covered l.with ' black Luxeuil
lace.' Around the shoulders isa -banda -band of
sable, which- is continued in front,! form-
Ing a stole. From below the knee to the
ground the mantle is trimmed with. the
same fur, as are the collar and sleeves.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
F, H. Hopkins and wife of Portland, Or.,
are atthe Palace.
Mr! and Mrs.- B. A. Short of Seattle are
at the Occidental.
Rev. Alex Eakin of Santa Cruz is regis
tered at the Grand.
.H. P. Stabler, a fruit grower of Y\iba
City, is at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Fitzgerald of New
York are at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Morris of Chi
cago are at the Palace.
Mrs. Buckingham, the millionaire vine
yardist, is at the Palace.
O. F. Atwood, a prominent business man
of Stockton, is at the Grand.
M. E. Sanford, a popular hotel man of
Sonora, is registered at the Lick.
Henry. Roy. a wealthy mining man of
Rossland, is a guest at the Grand.
Dr. D. ,P. Pease, a well-known New
York physician, is registered at the Pal
ace.
TRADE STILL FEATURELESS.
THE trade situation is characterized by continued
Umeness. In the whole commercial field there
is not a feature worthy of note, except the recent
passage of the currency bill, which, by increasing the
circulation, was expected to immediately enliven spec
ulation in Wall street, but which it. did not do after
all, as the street continues sluggish. Apparently
seme occurrence out of the ordinary would be neces
sary to start business out of its present inanition.
Yet the situation is not unsatisfactory- True, the
bank clearings ,of the country are still falling behind
those of last year, the figures last week showing a de-
crease of 12.4 per cent, but the failures were oniy
190, against 205 in 1899. The markets, however,
lack that snap which distinguished them throughout
1899. There is little desire to speculate and stocks of
2!most all commodities are large and increasing. The
distributive trade is uncertain, being brisk in some
quarters and dull in others. The tendency last week
was toward higher prices for farm products and
quieter markets for manufactured goods. Cotton still
stands at high-water mark, prices for the raw product
being the highest since 1893; but there is less dispo
sition to order goods ahead, owing to this very condi
tion. Wool rules dull, owing chiefly to the recent
decline at London, and the mills are still turning out
krge quantities of fabrics without buying any raw
wool. Hides and leather continue weak, and the
former are quoted demoralized in almost all markets.
Corn, which was remarkably active for a few days,
shaded off somewhat at the close of the week, and a
flight advance in wheat was checked in sympathy. At
the same time, wheat conditions are now rather point
ing to better prices, the weather being unfavorable in
several important countries. Iron and steel show
rrther less easiness, though there is still more or less
talk about lower quotations here and there. The
minor metals are generally firmer.
Conditions in this State remain unchanged. The
south is still looking for rain, while the north is hop
irg for continued clear skies. One condition about
balances the other, so prices for farm products re
main undisturbed, as a rule. Wheat has taken a little
turn upward in sympathy with Chicago, but the other
cereals are dull and nominal, with ample stocks on
hand. Provisions are weak and much quieter than
for some months, and sharp competition among local
dealers prevents the market from improving in sym
pathy with a better feeling in the West. Hides, hops
and wool continue very dull. The livestock market
keeps up better than any ether line in the commercial
list, and this seems to be the stockman's era. Dried
and canned fruits are quiet, but with the exception
<-,i prunes both' descriptions are well cleaned up. The
season thus far has been remarkably propitious for
fruit, and unless we get frosts later cm the crop this
year will probably be too large for ease in handling.
General business conditions remain as before. Money
is plentiful, collections are normal and failures are
certainly not over the average. There is a good ship-
jiing demand for those articles usually exported from
San Francisco, and prices are steacty as a rule. The
city was never on a better commercial footing than
M0NDAY.... ............ ....... ARCH 'ioV 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS.' Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
rinLICATIOX OFFICE.. Market mid Third. S. F.
Telephone Main I&US.
EDITORIAL 1100M5....21T to 221 «tevenson St.
Telephone Main 1874. >
Delivered hr Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Week.
Mbblc Copies, ft Cento.
Terms by Mall. .Including: Poitnget
r»AILT CALL (including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), fc months S.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.30
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 650
SUNDAT CALL One Year 1.60
¦VVKEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmaster* are authorized to recelre
¦ nbncrlptlons.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
¦ C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign AdrerUsing, Marquette Building, Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Efcenaaa House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fietuoct House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 21 Union Square; 1
Murray Hill Hotel. • •
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent
SR * \cn OFFICES — 'JZI Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »:20 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. R33
McAlMEter. open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
9:W o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2C61
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096
Valencia, open until S o'clock. lOC Eleventh, open until
8 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky.
open until 9 o'clock. * j
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrheuni — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "The Grand Duchess."
Grand Opera -house — Concert Tuesday afternoon. March 20.
California — "Pudd'nhead Wilson."
• California — Paderewski. Monday. March 26.
Columbia— "Because She Loved Htm So."
Tlvoli— "The Idol's Eye."
Alhambra — '•Three Musketeers."
Alcazar— "Diplomacy."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
ever.lrg. ,
Olympla, corner of Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Fischer's New Concert House— Grand opening March 19.
Sherman - Clay Hall— Afred A. Farland, Banjolst. Friday
evening. March iZ.
Western Turf Association— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By T. McDonald— This day. at 11 a. m., 2 and 7 p. m ,
Japanese and Chinese Curios, at SVT. corner Geary and Stock-
ton Ftreets.
Horses— Monday. March 19. at 11 o'clock, at 1623 Market st.
By Sullivan & Doyle — Tuesday. March 20, Horses, at
Twelfth and Mission streets.
THE SHIPPING BILL.
S-INCE the main contention of the opponents of
the shipping bill has been that its terms would
give advantage to trusts or to large combinations
of shipbuilders or shipowners in competition with
smaller firms or individuals engaged in the business,
it is to be expected the opposition will diminish now
that the House Committee on Merchant Marine and
Fisheries has agreed upon amendments designed to
prevent such combinations.
The hostility against the bill has been the more
bitter because it is the last fight possible for free trad
ers to make against the protective system. To all of
the industries of the country, with the sole exception
of shipping, abundant protection is now given, and
the results have been so widely, so generally and so
greatly beneficial that no political party will ever ven
ture to assail the system during this generation. As
yet the shipping industry remains without adequate
support from the Government, and it is the last strug
gle of the free traders to keep it in that condition.
Our merchant marine is as much entitled to protec
tion as is any other industry of our people. That,
much may be deduced from the principle of common
justice. At this particular juncture, however, the
argument in favor of a liberal shipping bill has a
special force derived from the fact that the rapid in
crease of our exports requires an increase of'shipping
to carry it to markets beyond the sea. At the pres
ent time we pay an enormous tribute to British ship
owners to carry our commerce for us, and therefore it
will be a matter of economy as well as of justice to
build up our industries on the sea as well as those on
land.
In a recent report on the restoration of the Ameri
can merchant marine, a committee of the National
Association of Manufacturers says: "Last year there
were three tons of shipping built in Great Britain for
every single ton built in the reH of the world, and
we Americans would very much like to see that sort
of thing reversed. It would mean the steady and re
munerative" employment; of thousands, of, persons,, it
would mean the profitable investment of millions -of
capital, it would mean immense expenditures for sup
plies and materials. The iron and steel manufacturers
would feel the life-giving influence of the enactment
of the measure. The miner of the ore and coal and
limestone, which are used in the iron furnaces, would
feel the effect of the new policy on the part of the
Government. The farmer who raises the grain and
meat to feed the thousands of additional workmen,
who would secure employment in the process of pro
curing all these various supplies for the shipbuilder,
would receive his share of the benefits."
The issue has long been before the country. \ The
powerful foreign commercial interests in our great
seaports have been hostile to every effort toward up
building an American merchant marine, and the peo
ple of the interior have been. indifferent to a measure
in which they have felt little self-interest. The time
has now come when we may reasonably expect the
foreign antagonism to be crushed and the indiffer
ence at home to be overcome. According to the esti
mates of Senator Frye we are paying 'to foreigners
about $1,000,000 a day for carrying our international
commerce, and since that commerce is so rapidly in
creasing it is surely time to provide for an American
merchant marine to carry it.
"THE PUBLISHERS' BURDENS."
UNDER the title "The Publishers' Burdens,"
there has been sent out from Washington a cir
cular urging newspaper proprietors to write to
their Congressmen protesting against the passage of
what is known as the "second class mail matter bill,"
introduced by Mr. Loud and designed to put an end
to certain abuses which exist under the present postal
laws. The circular is signed "Publishers' Commit
tee," and closes with the announcement: "The pub
lishers have no lobby and no money to spend in pre
senting this matter to individual members, and the
only thing that will defeat the bill is each publisher
writing individually to his Congressman."
If the "publishers" who are profiting by the ease
with which they are now permitted to abuse the priv
ilege of second class mail rates have no lobby nor
any money with which to make the fight at Washing
ton, then all reports on the subject from the capital
have been grossly in error. Some of the publishers
make enormous profits out the privilege, and if they
have not expended a part of them in an effort to con
tinue the privilege, they have been less enterprising
than any other set of men that ever managed to get
the best of the Government.
The circular makes a "cunning misrepresentation of
the nature and the object of the bill. It is described
as a blow at legitimate newspapers and magazines,
whereas it is of a directly opposite nature. The priv
ilege of sending certain classes of matter through the
mails at low rates, known as "second class," was de
signed by the framcrs of the present bill to facilitate
the circulation of newspapers and literary, religious,
industrial and scientific periodicals among the people.
It has been taken advantage of by the publishers of
advertising circulars, cheap novels and other stuff
of that kind. These people issue their circulars or
their novels once a week or once a month, call them
"periodical publications," and under that title get ad
vantage of the low postal rates designed for legitimate
newspapers. and magazines.
The issue is not one which newspaper men should
consider from the standpoint of their trade interests
solely, yet if they should do so they would be none
the less in favor of the Loud bill, since legitimate
newspapers are perhaps the heaviest sufferers from
the effects of the abuses which have grown up under
the law. The cunningly framed circular of the Pub
lishers' Committee, however, is calculated to deceive
editors into a belief that their interests are threatened
by it. Thus it declares:
"The aim of Mr. Loud is to finally model our postal
laws after those of monarchical countries, which Mr.
Loud visited and investigated during the past sum
mer. In foreign countries the publishers have no
privileges not extended to merchandise of all kinds.
The result is there are a few publications of enormous
circulation and practically no weekly papers like our.-,
which have made the United States the most intelli
gent country in the world. The second class postal
laws of the United States to-day are not as favorable
to the publishers as those in force in Canada and
Mexico, and yet Mr. Loud proposes to take a step
backward and toward the usages of imperialistic coun
tries."
For all, that tirade there is no particle of excuse m
the Loud bill. It is not an attempt to set up a mo
narchical postoffice, nor to transform the United
States into an imperialistic country. It ?imply pro
poses to prevent men from loading down the mails
with tons and tons of advertising dodgers, patent
medicine circulars, gold-brick prospectuses and a lot
of other stuff of the kind, under the pretense that they
are periodical publication?.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI* MONDAY, MARCH 19, 1900.
Eski-Sher to Konieh, thus preventing extension of
both the Smyrna-Afion-Karahissar and the Smyrna-
Aidin-Dinair roads. The two great .distributing
points— Constantinople and Smyrna— are . thus con
trolled by Germans, and German goods may enter
the interior of Asia Minor and the great valley of the
Tigris and the Euphrates on German controlled roads
at a decided advantage. Germans have obtained the
right to build docks and warehouses at Haida Pasha,
the terminus of the Anatolian railroads, and . with
through rates for German goods, on German lines
German freight cars may be sent across the Bosphorus
and travel; to Mesopotamia and the confines of India
and Persia without change. Goods from the United
States and other countries will' have to be trans
shipped at Constantinople or Smyrna, and will be con
sequently at a disadvantage.".
These prospects, so brilliant with promise for the
Germans, are now clouded by the swift advance of
Russia upon Persia. It is even said the Russians
have obtained control of a harbor on the Persian Gulf
outside the Straits of Ormuz. If that be true it will
be perceived that the value of the German railways
will be largely diminished. It is therefore not likely
that the Kaiser will maintain the strictest reserve as
to the questions pending between Russia and Turkey.
It is more likely that, relying upon the countenance
of Great Britain, he will support his right to the rail
way concessions and do his best to preserve for them
a free port as a terminus upon the Persian Gulf.
The first civil service examinations have been held
End the agony is over. As soon as the "machine"
discovers who was who in the bustling times -of the
election the successful applicants for municipal favor
will be announced.
Cecil Rhodes is firmly convinced that it will be idle
to attempt federation in South Africa. It is reason
able to suppose, therefore, that the' only just measure
for the treatment of the Boers is federation.
The Oakland attorney who is suing a burglar for.
his fee ought to consider himself fortunate that he
still retains his office furniturfc
Consumption
is contracted as well as in-
herited. Only strong lungs
are proof against it.
Persons predisposed to weak
lungs and those recovering
from Pneumonia, Grippe,
Bronchitis, or other exhaust-
ing illness, should take
It enriches the blood,
strengthens the lungsi and
builds up the entire system.
It prevents consumption and
cures it in the early stages.
- ¦- L ''.i°C- »°J»' co all drngyista.
, SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemwu. Now V«t».
If the moon looks pale and dim. expect
rain: if red. wind,- and if her natural color,
with a clear sky, fair weather.
• "Mrs. Winslow's Soothing: Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
moth'.rs for their children while Teething wttix
perfect succ*?s. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu-
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other canses. For sale by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
New finishes in oak moldings for picture
frames, and new pictures In water colors,
platiriotypes, photographs and etchings,
visitors always welcome. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street. . •
Men and women agree oftener in love
that in motey matters.
CaL glace fruit 50c per Ib atTownsend's."
Special Information supplied daily t->
business houses .and public men bj ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont*
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, March 18.— E. A. Phelps
of San Francisco is at the Holland; Wal
ter H. Field of San Francisco is at the
Manhattan; William Bayley of Los An
geles is at the Waldorf-Astoria ; President
David S. Jordan of Stanford University,
California, is at the Savoy.
TURKISH RAILWAY CONCESSIONS.
r~"«v[S PATCHES from Europe have during the last
I ) two or three days had much to say concern
*—^ ing the movements of the Russians toward
Persia and an alleged attempt on the part of the Czar
to prevent the construction of a railway through the
Turkish empire from a point on the Mediterranean
to a port on the Persian Gulf. While these reports
are doubtless exaggerated, there is probably some
foundation for them, as Persia has now become
a strategic point for commerce as well as for mili
tary or naval operations.
For a long time it has been known that a railway
across Asia Minor, passing down either "th«
Euphrates or the Tigris Valley, would be an enter
prise of large profit to any nation sufficiently strong
to protect it and sufficiently alert to develop the
country along the. route. To obtain a concession for
the desired road Great Britain, France, Germany,
Russia and Austria have long contended. Until re
cently their mutual antagonisms prevented cither com
petitor from succeeding, for the Turkish Government
did not dare to favor one in face of the opposition of
all the'others." S.hortly after the Kaiser's visit to Lon
don, however, the concession was given to Germany,
evidently by arrangement with Great Britain, and now
the Russians have made terms with Persia, which
seem to show a. determination on their part to fore
stall Germany and get to the Persian Gulf first.
White the advance on Persia has been construed in
this country as a Russian movement against India and
Great Britain, it is in reality a much more serious
menace to German interests. It appears to be so re
garded in- Germany itself, for while the' semi-official
organs of the German Government have taken occa
sion to say that the proposed Bagdad railway is to be
wholly international, and that Germany would main
tain the strictest reserve in regard to questions pend
ing between Russia and Turkey, the Munich Neueste
Nachrichten, which is seemingly not bound by offi
cial restrictions, asserts plainly that Great Britain has
consented to co-operate with Germany in upsetting
Russian plans in AsialMinor.
'. The interests of Germany in the matter are much;
greater than those of any other nation. For years part
Germans have taken ah active part in the industrial ',
and commercial development of Syria and Asia Minor,
generally,. and have large interests there. The State
Department recently issued a report from Consul
Jewclt at Sivas,' Turkey, in which, after giving an ex
tended account of , German railway enterprises either
completed or about to be undertaken in that region,
the Consul says:
"It is not difficultto see how German}*, with prefer
ential rates for goods on German lines, will be able to
control the chief markets of Asia Minor and invade
the -East. Germans purchased the Constantinople-
Ismid. Railroad from an English company and ex
tended it to Angola. They also checkmated the
Kh and English by extending their line ; from
¦¦¦¦¦ . . ¦ ¦
If the Congressional controversy over the bull pen
becomes much more acrimonious some of the worthy
statesmen who are conducting the debate will be as
tattered in reputation as the suffering prisoners of the
pen were in garment.
The judges who sat in solemn thought over the
offered designs for the Phelan flag declared that out
of all the suggestions offered six only merited com
mendation. C^> it be that these were the six offered
by the artists of The Call?
light, consisting of only two s^-inch and
four 4-lnch quick-firers, besides a number
of machine guns.-:
Military fighting tops appear to be go
ing out of fashion. In the new Swedish
ships there will be no fighting .tops, and
In the French navy the military masts
are being removed from the Requin and
Terrible, while in the Indomptable and
Caineau the after. mast U to be taken out.
; In 1860 it required a crew of fourteen men
to serve a 32-pounder on board ship. At
the present time four men are all that
are required to handle a 6-lnch quick-fir
ing gun, firing 100-pound projectiles at the
rate of six rounds per minute.
The British battleship Glory recently
passed through her eight-hour steam trial
under full power. The revolutions aver
aged 107.6, working up to 13,745 horse
power, or 245 in excess of contract. Four
runs were made over the measured mile
course, giving a speed of 18.124 knots. The
coal. consumption was exceptionally low,
being only 1.5S pounds per unit of horse
power per hour.
The British Admiralty has decided not
to re-boiler the Hecate,' but to strike her
from -the effective list of armored ships.
The" same course will probably be follow
ed In the" cases of .the Cyclops, Gorgan
and Hydra. These vessels, built in 1872,
are useless for . war '. purposes, ; and the
London Engineer suggests that they be
sold to some South American republic,
provided one foolish enough can be found.
The comparative defensive, value of the
several kinds of ship armor is very nearly
as follows: Six-inch Krupp armor as now
being made is equal to 7&-Inch Harvey
lzed nickel, equivalent to 9-inch Harvey-
Ized or 12-inch compound, 13-inch steel
and 18-inch wrought Iron. These relative
values Indicate the vast saving In weight
of armor the Krupp product has resulted
in since IS9O. Armored ships built at the
present time can either save 50 per cent
in' weight of armor or, by; retaining the
former weight and thickness, a protec
tion of 50 per cent more than that of the
Indiana, Oregon and Massachusetts, built
only six years ago, may be. obtained.
The British Admiralty has at last to re
duce its effective fleet on paper by the
removal of the Warrior, Black Prince and
Belleisle, ironclad ships, and the Boadl
cea, cruiser. The Warrior:. was built in
IS6I and has only 4V2-inch Iron plates on
her sides, insufficient _ to prevent a six
pounder, from penetrating : this * alleged
armor at 2000 yards. The Black Prince,
built in 1862, is similarly , protected with
4"i-inch iron, and the Belleisle, purchased
in IS7S, has been a lame duck for the past
ten years. The ' Boadicea was built in
1575 and has been unserviceable ; for ? sev
eral .years. All ; of the vessels mentioned
became antiquated with the : introduction
of improved armor and. modern engines.
.Russia, guards her naval secrets more
successfully, than any other »naval power.
.Very few details leak out during the con
struction of ships, -which may- be due to
the fact that the authorities are not quite
sure' how the'ships will turn out until
completed. There is the Askold, building
at Kiel, begun, as a protected cruiser of
b5OO tons,. which. It now appears, has been
increased to 7964 tons,' and the question
presents itself whether the ship is to have'
anarmor belt or is to use the extra' l464
tons for coal carrying. As .this" would
materially increase the draught of 20 feet
8 inches, the only solution of the conun
drum .would' seem to-be that all the na
val powers, including the United States
have . been ; deceived -by the wily Musco-'
vites. ¦SHMBBftMRtaHSKMMt<iS»2* > >fg
members under flre. We are under the
impression that the railroad company will
finally give up the idea, for there is in
tense feeling in fraternal and railroad cir
cles on the coast, backed up by the power
ful influence of the daily and weekly prcs.?.
Pleasanton Times.
It looks very much as If Uncle Collls of
the great Southern Pacific Company had
"put his foot in It" In trying to make tho
thousands of men in his employ insure in
his new company, thereby; drawing a very
considerable percentage of wages from
the men. It appears now that the differ
ent lodges are taking the matter up and
intend fighting the scheme with all the
funds at their command. By compelling
the railroad employes to insure in Uncles
benevolent idea it will take a big percent
age of members from the different bene
ficiary lodges, for a large number of tha
railroad men are members of these orders,
and the withdrawal of their membership
will mean the crippling, financially of tha
lodges. There Is much talk among the em
ployes of the company about a general
strike if Huntlngton Insists on his Tdn
joining in his scheme. Such a strike w!'t
mean a $2,000,000 loss to California people
and another million to the railroad com
pany, and if Mr. Huntington knows when
he is well off he will withdraw his order
to make money out of his men — for a
msjney making idea it is from the word
go. It is simply, the taking of $1 out of one*
pocket and jutting It In another.
CAPTAIN JOSEPH B. COGHLAN. U. S. N.
EDITOR The Call— Dear Sir: In
your issue of Sunday, March 11. 1900,
page 9, there i 3 a very pretty de
scription of the United States reve
nue cutter McCulloch, which as a liter
ary production does credit to its author,
but which as a historical record is en
tirely wrong in its essential parts.
That part which so prettily states that
at Manila the McCulloch stuck her little
WHITE, inquisitive nose into everything,
etc.. Is true, except her "nose I .* was not
white, but the whole vessel was of a light
olive green or drab, the Asiatic squad
ron's war color; "that she simply turned
her guns loose and threw a few pounds
of lead at the Spaniards, which pounds
were, by the way. PART OF THE FIRST
CHARGE FIRED BY THE AMERICANS
IN THIS GREAT BATTLE." That part
in capitals is also pretty, but misleading,
and if it means or intends to convey
the impression that the McCulloch
fired the. first saot .in the Manila
campaign, or even, at. the battle of
Manila proper, then it is not only mis
leading but entirely untrue! My attention
has been called two or three times be
fore this to the fact that several of the
coast papers have credited the McCulloch
with having: fired the first shot In that
campaign, but never before have I seen
It in print. In Justice to the Raleigh I
must enter my protest against your ar
ticle, for the Raleigh fired the first and
also the last gun of the Manila cam
paign. The fleet passed into Manila Bay
May 1, IS9B, at 12:05 a. m.. by the Boca
Grande entrance, passing within 800
yards of El Fraile rock. The whole
force of vessels were strung out In line
at that time. The Olympla was In the
lead, next the Baltimore, the Raleigh, the
Petrel, the Concord, the Boston in suc
cession, and following the Boston and
nearly in her wake was the reserve squad
ron, the' McCulloch, the Zafiro and the
Nanshan. As the vessels were 400 yards
apart, that would have put the McCulloch
(If she and all others were up to their
proper places) 1600 yards— nearly a mile —
astern of the Raleigh.
The Olympia and the Baltimore both
passed El , Fraile rock without drawing
CAPTAIN COGHLAN SAYS THE RALEIGH
TIRED BOTH FIRST AND LAST SHOTS
Op Behalf of ti)'e Officers and CreW of That Ves
sel lie MaKes Statements Tbat Will Be of Use
to Historians of the Battle of Manila Bay.
The Raleighs, however, desire to hay»
any honor or glory belonging to them,
hence we always are ready to tell any
one whom it may Interest that the Ra
leigh was lucky enough to flre the first
American shot In that campaign, the last
shot at the Manila battle of May 1. IS3S,
and the last American shot (from a ship)
in the war in the East, on August 13.
IS3S. All this is a simple matter of hia
tory^ Yours very truly,
J. B. COGHLAX.
Captain V. S. N.. commanding U. S. S.
Raleigh" In Manila campaign.
Puget Sound Naval Station, March 14,
1900.
fire but as the Raleigh got nearly abreast
of it I while on the bridge directing th*
turn of the ship, saw a flash of fire on tha
rock and spoke of It. when Lieutenant F.
L. Chadwick told me he had Just before
seen another, and before we were through
•peaking of it a gun was fired from that
rock, the shot passing over the after part
of the Raleigh, or between her and tho
Petrel. Two more shots were fired in
quick succession from that battery, when
I gave permission to flre in return, and
the after "5" rapid-fire gun on the star
board side of the poop deck of the
Raleigh fired, the first American shot in
the far East. '
Afterward the Concord and Boston
fired, and as near as I could learn th«
next day or two the McCulloch's small
guns fired while the Boston was firing,
so that we in the lead did not even hear
her guns.
And, another mistake In your article,
there were no guns fired from Corregidor.
The only guns flr*>d by the Spaniards
that night were fired from Ed Fralle bat
tery. The battery on Corregldor Island
was on its north side (we passed its
south side), and was never fired AT ALL.
except one gun In which a shot was
Jammed, fired by Lieutenant Hugh Rod
man, U. S. N., when he was ashore on
May 3. IS9S, destroying the batteries at
tho entrance to the bay.
The Raleigh and Baltimore, under my
command, obtained the surrender of
those batteries on May 2. and tha Ra
leigh and Concord, again under my com
mand, went down May 3 and destroyed
them. Two on the north shore, one on
Corregldor Island, one on Cavallo Island
and the one spoken of above on £1 Fralla
rock.
Another thing: which strikes me a*
showing your correspondent rather drew
on his imagination for hla facts Is that
he says "Captain Coulson" assigned
Agulnaldo quarters on board her. This
must have been news to Captain Coulson.
and also to Captain ilodgeson of tha
revenue marine, who commanded the Mc-
Culloch at that time, and continued ta
do «o until Captain Hooper went out.
Now, so far as the article Intends to
laud the McCulloch and her officers and,
men for their conduct In that campaign.
I am with It heart and soul; tor In my
opinion, and I am sure in the opinion
of every other naval officer out there,
ho vessel could have possibly been more
alert, more attentive to duty or shown
more zeal, promptitude and efficiency than
did the McCulloch, whom we all learned
to respect and love. She waa always
ready, and, what's more, DID whatever
work was assigned her. and did It WELL,
And the fact that she was not In posi
tion to, and did not fire the first gun in
the Manila campaign in no way detracts
from her more than meritorious conduct
out there.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.V- . Ladles'.- kid * tlesi •. worth $2,* for only * 50c • a
ulr mx th« «aJ« of sho«s. 717 Market St. : •
Metal rustic Initials or name stamped In
gold leaf free -of • charge on all • leather
goods purchased at Sanborn ft VaU's, 741
Market street. "dMHaHMS' : •.-•¦•
HONORED THEIR MOTHER.
Reception to the Founder of Auxil-
iary to Veteran Firemen.
The Ladies' Auxiliary, of ¦ the Veteran
Volunteer Firemen's Association gave a
reception Saturday night In the parlors of.
the association In the Pioneer building to
Mrs. . Mary E. " Roberta, who during ;the»
evening was presented with a beautiful
sunburst pin. In token of the appreciation
with which she Is regard a3 "mother of.
the auxiliary." ,yB9fcwi
MYSTERIOUS DEATH
OF A MALE NURSE
Paul King Found Unconscious in »
Room He Had Hired for
the Night.
Paul King, a nurse, hired a room at 113
Kearny street Saturday night, and yes
terday morning was found Jn bed uncon
scious. . The police were notified and he.
was taken to the Receiving Hospital. Dr.
Dorr could discover no symptoms of poi
son, but he applied the usual remedies to
be on the safe side. King went Into
spasms and died about three hours after
his arrival at the hospital. The body was
taken to the Morgue.
King was a nurse at the City and Coun
ty Hospital at the time of the recent
smallpox scare. One of the nurses was
stricken with the disease, and when ho
was removed to the pesthouse King vol
unteered to accompany him and nur*e
him. After finishing that case he went to>
the McLean Hospital as a nurse. He was
a man about 35 years of age and a heavy
drinker. His death, the doctors say. may
have resulted from alcoholic poisoning.
He came from Brooklyn, N. V., where his
relatives live. "BEiTfl fliliM
BIBLE SOCIETY HOLDS
ANNIVERSARY SERVICES
The I Bey. . E. Ai Woods Say* , It Is
Their - Duty .to ; Protect Public
" ' Health and Morals. - .
: A large number of church people of this
city attended the semi-annual anniversary
services of the /California Bible Society
In the auditorium of -the..!. M. C. A. yes
terday The programme .was. highly im
pressive -and was participated in by the
feading ministers of the city. Rev. John
Hemphill. D. -D... presided. - After,, the
singing of a hymn Rev. John. Thompson.
D D. State superintendent, read a state
ment of the society's progress during the
pastvear. This was followed by a scrip
tiinl"rea<UnK by Dr. Hemphill. Rev. W.
3 aia™hew?T). *I>.-. editor of the California,
r'hristlan. Advocate, led in prayer and at
its conclusion Rev. George C. Adams : was
introduced "and' delivered - an address, on
"The Bible »n .the' Family." ' " Rev. Robert
Mackenzie followed .with an address on
the "The Bible. .the; Foundation of Eng-
Innd's and America's .greatness." Rev.
Dr. John A. 8.. Wilson, spoke fon "The
Bible a civilizer." « •.'The 3 Bible In-For
eign Ln nds" was the subject of an Inter
esting talk by Rev., M. Nelander of the
First'Knglish Lutheran Church. - In-part
he'said:;. -' - . .*;. --;- \\ •' : '•'.:¦'¦ >'.'(.'.: ¦
'Barbarians Tve have called those rujrged men
who overturned the Roman. Empire. .But for a
hundred years or. more. they had had the Scrip
tures In; their own Gothic r. tongue;. «nd . wh«n
thev ; crossed ' the ¦ boundary, of • the empire . they
were already Christians by a larger percentage
than - a the i race ' they : conquered.' :¦ From '.these
Gothic, trlb«s came the legacy of a pure, gospel
f> - other nations.: J But ': It • la . only, a . hundred
y«am since the missionary epoch of. the church.
To-da v• : aft«r a ' lapse -of ' this . single ¦ century,
the Bible Is printed. In 300 tonrues and dialects
of the earth, i A familiar prayer at -missionary
meetings forty yea rs ago j was » that ' God | would
prepare the .way ' for the propagation ¦ ot.i the
gospel. .That sprayer Is obsolete. • The; great
rates have rolled back on > their. hinges, and the
messengers of salvation may. go without let 'or
hindrance to; the uttermost ; parts of .the; earth.
One hundred and sixty years ngo William Carey
set «ti t for India with the Bible. Now there are
700.000 i native .Christians In India. The .land of
the Vedas I glows with the radiance of the I sun
of righteousness. In 1853 the Bible was sent: to
Japan." This country Is to-day the, Toung Amer
ica of the Orient. Twenty-seven years ago : Da
vl« -- Livingstone -died ; on>.'«hls " knees lln -mld-
Af rlca. . The r Bible ¦* Is - now •being v distributed
from Tanranvlka • to the Congo.'- from the.Xlle
to the land of. the Boers.UThe Celestial empire
Is ibelng apportioned- among.-the great . powers,';
and j whnterer * else ) resuiu a 1 highway will tw.
cast up for the evangel.:: Already the Christians
clasp the round eartftsfn their arms, and It only
remains for. them. to lift It up and lay It on the
bosom of Its Lord.-. ;;";-- r % •>•--:• i.- -.--~~.^ ;-';:-,"
son and Calhoun were elected In 1523.
National nomination conventions had
been for several years under discussion,
having been proposed by different indi
viduals and newspapers opposed to the
Congressional caucus, but the difficulties*
in the way, together with the lack of.
agreement on the part of the people, had
prevented a general movement in favor of
the plan. Now some of the difficulties
began to disappear aa facilities for com
munication between the States Improved
with the improved roads and with tr»»
building of railways. State party con
ventions had gradually developed Import
ance and efficiency and the people wer»
familiar with their .working.
The First National Conventions.
In IS3O the first call for a national nom
inating convention (if we except a gath
ering of Federalists called in ISI2, which
proved nnimportnt and attracted little
attention) was sent out by. the anti-Ma
sons. Thirteen States were represented
in this first national convention. An ad-
criticism, because it had after all truly
represented the political sense of the peo
ple. It had nominated the real leaders of
the parties. But if it was to be able to
bring forward for election men whom tha
rank and file of the party did not n-I?h
for President, men whom they had not
thought of at all in that. connection, then
its usefulness would not only be in quts
tion.it would beat an end. The people tcolc
alarm and the newspapers voiced their
uneasiness. But the national satisfaction
over the successful termination of the
war and the unity of feeling which pre
vailed suspended active hostilities. Never
theless, when the chairman of the last Con
gressional caucus, by virtue of his office,
called a new one in ISSOthe call brought
together only about fifty members of tha
two houses, and they, in deference to the
general feeling, separated without taking
any action. The voting was by commo-i
consent for the re-election of Monroe anl
Tompkins, and no opposing candidates ap
peared.
The popular dissatisfaction with the
Congressional caucus was still gathering
force throughout the country. Even three
years before the canvass of 1524 the ritatea
began to anticipate the action of the party
representatives at Washington by them
selves recommending candidates for ths
Presidency. South Carolina was first In
the field. Tennessee came next, bringing
forward the name* of Andrew Jackaon,
and as many as twelve States made rum
inations before the meeting of the na
tional caucus. Nor was this all. Many uis
trict and county conventions were held
for the same purpoße: resolutions ¦ -wera
passed, committees appointed and a strong
determination was manifested to super
«edo the* obnoxious machinery- Mass-meet
ings were held throughout the lan.l. «t
which regular ballots were taken to ratify
nominations made in some one of tnea»
irregular ways, and every effort was ma«l-»
to discredit the system in vogue. News
papers and public meetings were made
very effective. Argument, ridicule, per
sonal influence, all were brought to bear.
The Legislature of Tennessee passed de
rogatory resolutions and asked the other
States to unite. to break down the power
of the irresponsible nominating body. A
Pennsylvania convention declared: ,If a
link In this chain of dynasties be not
broken now. then may we be fettere 1 by
it forever!" The dread o£ the political
ring at Washington seems to have ben no
less lively than it is at the present day.
The friends of Henry Clay in that cltv
pledged themselves to attend no caucus.
NIW Register deplored the prevalence of
political intrigue, and contrasted the
chirpings of tomtit politicians with th 3
majestic voice of the people " which vctce
was asserted to be "decidedly against the
caucus."
The Second Disputed Election.
Once more and for the last time the
national Congressional '< caucus iwas held,
nevertheless. It met In February. 1821,
with only sixty-eight members present.
Called as it had been for the sole purpose
of giving to the friends of Crawford an
opportunity to manipulate more success
fully than before the nominating body,
it had neither power nor Influence and
did not even command respect. Crawford
as the caucus candidate received in the
electoral college but 41 of the 261 votes
cast The votes were divided among four
Presidential nominees — John Qunicy
Adams. William H. Crawford/Henry Clay
and Andrew Jackson— and, no choice hav
ing been made by the electors, the decision
again devolved upon the House of Repre
sentatives. Jackson was plainly the
popular choice, and had received a plur
ality of the electoral votes, but the bal
loting in the House by States (according
to the rules adopted in 1S01) gave thirteen
States to Adams, seven to Jackson and
four to Crawford. -while Clay, standing
fourth on the list of candidates, was in
eligible John C. Calhoun hart received
a large majority of the electoral votes for
Vice President.
The Conventions.
According to • Professor Alexander
Johnston, it Is to Tammany Hall. that we
owe the first suggestion of a nominating
convention, and that so long ago as the
year 1813, when such an organ was pro
posed for nominating a Democratic can
didate for Governor of New York. Though
nothing came of it for that year, the Idea
was soon revived, and. ere long the nomi
nating convention became, as we shall
s«ee, a prominent feature in • State 'poli
tics throughout the Union.
The old Congressional caucus, as has
been shown, had come to an Inglorious
end in 1824, andu nothing had been agree/1
upon as a substitute. : It was felt that
for the next election unusual effort must
be = made -to secure -an expression of the
real sentiment of the jpeople. In 1525 the
State Legislature of Tennessee formally
nominated Andrew Jackson, for President
and during the three following years'in
numerable: State conventions, legislative
caucuses." county, district and town meet
ings of .various composition were held to
recommend I candidates for President - and
Vice President. The result was the re
nomination '; of - John ¦ Qunicy Adams by
those 1 composing what ¦ was beginning ; to
be - known as -the .> National .Republican
party, t and / the . nomination > of ' Andrew
Jackson < by ! the Democratic party. Jack-
dress to the people of the United State*
•was Issued and nominations for President
and Vice President were made. The con
vention idea was "in the air" and was
promptly adopted by the two great par
ties. The convention of the National Re
publicans, held in Baltimore in December,
IS3I. was called by a caucus of the mem
bers of that party in the Maryland Leg
islature. It l.s notable for the fact that
the opponents of the administration in
the' several States were invited to send
to it delegates equal in number to tha
Presidential electors to which their States
were entitled, while the suggestion was
made that the delegates be elected by
Congressional districts. This Is now the
almost universal method, though for some
time a variety of usage obtained, some
States choosing delegates In State con
ventions, others by legislative caucus,
others by district conventions. The pro
cedure of the Baltimore convention was in
many particulars much like that of a na
tional convention to-day. Eighteen States
and the District of Columbia sent dele
gates. There was the temporary organi
zation, the examination of credentials,
the permanent organization, the address
to the people setting forth party princi
ples and assailing Jackson, the "nominat
ing speeches" and the committee to no
tify those nominated of the honor con
ferred. There was no formal "platform"
adopted. Henry Clay received the unan
imous nomination for the Presidency.
Before adjourning the convention re
solved "that a central Stats correspond
ing committee be provisionally appointed,
in each State where none la now ap
pointed, and that' it be recommended to
the several States to organize subordin
ate corresponding committees in each
county ana town in their several respec
tive States."
J<otf>r,Thl3 . subject will be , continued}
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION
• Spring Term, 1900.
Mondays —American Political Par
ties.
Tuesdays — Twenty Lessons Is
Trench Conversation and Recent Sci
entific Discoveries.
Wednesdays and ( Thursdays —
Golden Ages of literature.
Fridays — Photography for Ama
teurs.
Saturdays — Biographical Studies
for Girls.
These courses will. continue until
June 7, 1900. Examinations will bo
held at their'close as a basis for tha
granting of certificates.
AMERICAN F»OHTIG/\L PARTIES.
IL NATIONAL NOMINATING
MACHINERY.
-BY JESSE MACY, LL. D.
Decline of the Caucus.
The Congressional caucus had reacheu
the height of Its power and was novr to
hasten to Its downfall. By the events of
the year 1816 more than by anything that
had 'gone before the people were aroused
to a determined opposition to the system.
A nomination by the caucus had come 10
bej equivalent to an election, and In this
year the honor came near going to Wil
liam H. Crawford of Georgia, a man
whose name had never occurred to the
people as that of one fitted for the head of
the Government. Monroe received a ma
jority of only eleven votes In the caucus.
The caucus had held its place hitherto In
spite of abuses and in the face of adverse
THE NATIONAL NOMINATING CONVENTION.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
•„¦ t . • ,
MAT TTKIGIIT SEWALL. Present. n* M mr> AM
€3 N. Pena. St.. Indianapolis, Ind. - ' SiS»Ctt^
REV. ANNA HOWARD SHAW. Vlce-Pres. < /TO It t\ /* f F _". J^tP^^
ISM Diamond St.. Philadelphia. Pa. - V\^LV' •*"*i QJT fly
LOUISE BARNUM ROB3INS. Cor. Sec. tVoi»^^ «^" *
th Broad St.. Adrian. Mich. \_^^ I B-» '^f^^/JT^J^f^^^^K
FRANCES STEWART MOSHER. Ist Rec. Sec. I &6fev " *^7^X
Hillf dale. Mich. vjf^ v/^-^ W> JlS^^S^ )^ -\
*^ELEX n*\LAY BRISTOL, M Rtc. Sec, . *
li:s. Vermont Aye., Quincy. 11l Of • r taXQH* tf.CCRW>IU» 1351
AFFJ'-lATED WITH THE INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN.
633 WORTH PENNSYLVANIA STREET, INDIANAPOLIS, IND. ,
I take great pleasure in acknowledging the benefits which I
have received from the use of Warner's Safe Cure. From the continual
change of food and water my stomach refused to perform its work, and
severe pains across the back showed me that my kidneys were also
My physician prescribed for me, but it did not seem to help me,
and I asked him what he thought of my trying Safe Cure, and he said
that he knew of several patients who had spoken highly of it, so I
Before I had finished the second bottle, I felt a remarkable
improvement, and being greatly encouraged, I continued its use fcr
about two months, when I considered myself entirely^cured.
I am indeed most grateful to you for placing the means before
the public of restoring health to the afflicted. s -
(Miss Louise Wolcott was one of the earliest members of \ y~ — *
"Sorosls." of New York City ; Is also Vice-President of Daugh- \ £*\jjC ' ' ~^T~7>-^f
t ers of the American Revolution, and granddaughter of Cover- I //.»v./-^M
nor Wolcott of Connecticut. t . — '^v "^^ if -YMi(fi/~
WARNER'S REMEDIES.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAKCH 19, 1900.
EARNEST APPEAL
TO SUPERVISORS
BY A CLERGYMAN
Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson
• Is in Favor of Closing
Poolrooms.
Declares His ; Confidence in • the Pass
age of ; the Anti-Granibling Ordi
: ¦ nance and Predicts a ; New
Municipal Era. ';
i At the .Howard-street. Methodist Church
laet night, . the \ pastor. Rev. Dr. . John .'A.
B.f> Wilson, was bombarded with a: great
array of questions about the Cookes ; and
other themes . of Interest before his ser
mon,*; "On i Whose Side . Are You?" from
Matt. •'.xH:3oT-' I He: That Is Not With Me
Is; Against Me. 1 ' ¦
Among' the 'questions propounded . were
the 'following: .' "What is your opinion of
the -;Tobln resolution*" against gambßng
that is^to come up for final passage to
morrow, before the Supervisors? Should It
pass? Will it do any good if it does pass?"
The pastor, said: s ;; -.. .
In' reply .< to this I have to say I approve of
the resolution in every particular. It ought to
pass | unanimously and its enforcement is per
fectly, practicable. -It looks to me like the first
great practicable movement' on the part of the
Supervisors. to get at one difficulty. .San Fran
cisco stands gibbeted before the world as the
most shamelessly wide-open, immoral city. In
Christendom.' Men, .too dreadfully familiar with
the life of Paris and of London, tell me that It
is: immeasurably worse than either.. Personally
I do not know, for I -never go slumming, nor
allow myself to look upon misery I carinot re- i
lleve. With all its faults, I am glad to tie a
citizen of San Francisco. I believe In the in- i
tegrity of the Mayor and the Chief of Police,
and in their earnest purpose to faithfully exe
cute the . ordinances of the city and in their
desire for- the strongest measures from- the
Supervisors that shall comport with public
opinion.. ¦¦¦ - . - .¦¦ •' . ¦ .
Mr. Tobln's resolution is practicable. It can
,be enforced If passed, and If we are to have
something to amount to anything he has struck
what we need.. Everybody knows that the pool
room gambling, is'worse than that which goes
on upon the track. And every gambler knows
that every game is a dead game in San Fran
cisco.. I challenge 'any .gambler to. name one
square game in this city in any house or on
any track anywhere. Even the athletic sports
which are the least objectionable are so gen
erally fakes that no one can tell when one is
honest. Mr. Tobln's resolution deals with all
the scoundrellsms alike, putting all. under the
ban of law, and by so much raislnc a stand
ard of right and wrong that must tone up the
public conscience. ;
There is but one side to the question among
honest men.- Watch the board on the final
vote, for mark my word, not one man will vo/e
against it or seek to have it amended, who is
not bribed to do so. The votes against will be
either for cold cash or for future support of
the robber gang who hold up : the youth 'of
this city.- Indeed, the declaration has been
publicly made by one of the Supervisors who
spoke against it, not because It was wrong, un
wise or impracticable, .but because the sport
ing, fraternity constituted a large part of his
constituency, and it might lose his cause
their. support in the future. That is to say:
"Cutthroats, thieves and sure thing gamblers
elected me to. serve their Interests as against
the Interests of the city and society, and hav
ing been purchased by their votes for this pur
pose I must deliver the goods or lose their votes
In the future." I want to raj- that the gam
blers of this city themselves are ashamed of
such a. tool.
Mark what I say, the tactics of the old days
of a year ago will not be tolerated in this re
deemed city. The actions of other, days, . which
should have called out a reorganization of the
vigilance committee and a ro?e, will not now
be tolerated: But there is no danger: the pas
sage to a reading almost without debate, by a
vote 'of 12 to 5 does not mean defeat or emas
culation of this bill. Its passage will bring San
Francisco before the whole country, as -a city
that means to reform Its municipal life. Not
through making men good by law,- but by leg
islatively making it easy to do right and hard
to do wrong, so far as sure thing gambling l«
concerned. And 1 predict that most if not all
6f the five ¦will be found In line with the twelve
after giving, the question the • sober second
thought for which the week has afforded them
an opportunity. v* / ;; ,-. '¦•¦ ,-.•••:-¦¦
Let the pulpit help the press when the latter
gets the load as now. and let the press help th»
pulpit if the pulpit should get the start We
both want. and. we all want, not only a cleaner,
but a clean, city. And we want legislation that
.will .make vice 'unprofitable. ; I saw that re
sult achieved in New York. All vice was not
banished, but It was made so unprofitable as
to be reduced to the minimum. And It was *o
outlawed* that it ceased to be respectable to
be a scoundrel: and thousands of the bad ele
ment carried their : trade to other cities, and
many reformed... ¦ • . ' :v: ..'v. r >
RESPONSIBILITIES OF
OFFICIALS DISCUSSED
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church last night delivered a strong; ills
course, on the •'Respdnsibllities' of. Office
holders"; as a prelude to his regular ser-:
mon. In part -he said:.- --
Those , who 'accept . public office -receive- a
sacred trust and assume special responsibili
ties - By their oath of office they are sworn to
act, for the public's good. For wickedness which
tfcey "ould- prevent, • but do not. they are to a
degree I responsible. \ They are none the less
KUilty because others are, sharers in this neglect
of duty. To seeithe poor, "ignorant children
neeced or -misled .by" deslcnlnK men and not
striv« to protect them is to. share in the guilt
of their ruin. Td protect the health and morals
cf the peopl* •Is • a duty of our city officials,
and ¦no personal or party reasons can excuse
the.neelect of such duty. Indeed, every • irood
citizen, whether In public or prlrate life, should
feel that his responsibility for the. public wel
fare Is limited only by -his Influence.. . ' ' I.:.
Pilate cannot Trash his hands and be Inno
cent- when .he has .the, power to prevent the
crucifixion. Men 1 are resoonslble for the evils
they could "prevent." He who excused himself
by saying "Am I my brother's keeper?' after
ward murdered his brother. ..-¦ *
The Call's
Home Study Circle
tl^ksm^nt'
PHOHV. SOUTH 770.
EVERY EVENING- MATINEE SATURDAT.
WITHOUT A PEER-WITHOUT A RIVAL.-
The most perfect pe rlormance seen in thiis c:ty
in y*ar*. Presented by
AlF*. IfAl^R^ GLAZIER
And lilt Excellent Company in a Beautiful
Production,
THREE MUSKETEERS.
DIRICT FROM NEW YORK CITY.
SEATS NOW READY.
Last Performance Saturday Night.
PRlCKS— Ever.lnr. lie. 2Se. K>c. 60c and 75c
Matlne*. 15c. 2*c. 25c and £oc.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
AN ABSOLUTELY NEW BILL.
Walter Jones and Norma Wballsy
In a Comedy Scream. • ¦¦ -.
MISSES McCOY and SAM MARION: W. C.
FIELDS: WESTON and YOST: NIELSEN
SISTERS: IMPERIAL MOORISH ACRO-
BATS: HOWARD THURSTON; FLATOW
and DUNN.
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Drew,
In "When Two Hearts Are Won.".
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
Weekly; Call, $1 per Tear
- - * • ? . . -- ¦ . - , - - ¦¦ . ¦
The Popularity
of th« name BUDWEISERMs such a» to tempt
many : brewers ' to attempt ". Its _ use ; on ' inferior
brands. '¦: The V. ,¦ 8. courts have accorded that
name exclusively to the Anheuser-Busch BUD
WEISER brand.- E.G. Lyons Co.. "Wholesale
Peaiers. , San Franelaoix Cal.- . . ,•;... .. „#
WINTER RESORT.
FISCHER'S
NEW CONCERT -HOUSE,
122-121 O'FARRELL STREET.
H. A. FISCHER .". Proprietor
GEORGE MOOSER • Manager
The Handsomest Music Hall in America.
GRAND OPENING TO-NIGHT.
A C!«»rtet of Celebrities In the Fourth Act
from "11 Trovatore": Hlnrlchs' challenge or-
chestra. ADMISSION 19c. From 8 to 10:4}
p. m. Peaus reserved upon application. Strictly
flrrt-claes. Cafe un?urr>«LCsed.
nirP nnill I Corner Fourth and
rnLL LJNV/ll Mirkrt. 8. F. Try
II r m 1 1 1 tl I ° ur ep*ei*i Br*w
Will U- IIVIIIUte. OrercoaU and
yailtct eb«A«4 tn*.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN i PARK.
FIFTH MEETING, Men. 13 to U, Inclusive.
' Elx high-claw running races every week day
rain or shine, beglnnlns at 1:30 p. m.
The Idenl winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb grand stand, glass-inclosed, where,
comfortably housed . In bad weather, they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
1:00. 10:10 and 11:30 a. m. and 12:15. 12:35, 12:50
and I:2S p. m., returning immediately after
last race at 4:4". p." m. Seats in rear cars re-
eerved for women and their fgcorts. • No snick-
ing. Valencia street. 10 minutes later.
San Jose and Way Stations— Arrive at Ean
Bruno at 12:4» p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:45 p. m. fi'tlT*"! llHjVuwi *tl\Vk
RATES — San Francisco ¦to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission- to track. J1.25.
W. J. MARTIN, President.
F. H. GREKN. Secretary and Manacer.
CHUTES_AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
ROMALO BROS.. LILLIAN HOWE. CON-
LON & RYDER, MAJOR MITE. BOGG3 &
HARWOOD. MARION BLAKE. MLLE. ES-
TELLE. THE BLACtf BARTONS.
HOOT MON and th 3 AMATEURS
THURSDAY NIGHT!
Cakewalk Contest Saturday Night!
Seals by Phone Park 21
JAPAN'S CHIEF OF
ORDNANCE IS HERE
General Ota Conies - to Inspect Gun
Factories of This Country
and , Europe..
Major General T. Ota. of Imperial
Japanese army was among the passengers
who were released from quarantine on the
Gaelic. .
-General Ota.. who Is accompanied by
three young Japanese military engineers.
Is one of the niOßt distinguished officers of
the army of Japan.'- He. was actively •em
ployed at the front during the recent war
wlt"h China- and gained great distinction
in that conflict by ,the< ability and gal
lantry he displayed. ¦ ;«^(Sg£ss2r3
GeneraHOtalU? now chief ordnance of
ficer of the Japanese Government and has
charge of all ' the imperial arsenals. His
present •' trip Is one i which - will ; take - him
around the world; and has for.; lts object
the study of : ordnance ; and ' gun factories
of the United States rand Europe. ¦
-He will thoroughly: investigate every
thing pertaining to the manufacture, use.
adaptability and ; storage of ordnance and
his visit toi this country will, no doubt,
resul t•'in * the ' Japanese Government I plac
ing some ' heavy orders •¦• with . one or - an
other of* our', plants : v that are devoted
to : the- manufacture- of great -guns <and
ammunition.. ' , * .-¦ ¦¦; \
General Ota .will remain hera but a few
days. as. It- Is his : intention to proceed
East as quickly, as possible.
COLOMBIA -as
SECOND AND LAST WEEK!
CHARLES FROHMAN
PRESENTS WILLIAM GILLETTE'S GREAT-
EST COMEDY TRIUMPH,
Because She
Ktoister
Loved Him So H
With J. E. DODSON and Original N. Y. Cast.
Next Monday— WlLLlE COLLIER In "MR.
SMOOTH."
AND THE WONDER OF IT IS
THERE ARE NO TWO ALIKE.
Nor ar« there two plays In the world like thts
one.
THERE -:- IS -:- ONLY -:- ONE
"PUDD'NHEAB WILSON."
Mark Twain's Powerful Production Again
Makes a Tremendous Hit.
A SUPERB COMPANY.
The*Brllllant Actor. BURR McINTOSH.
SUPERIOR TO EDWIN MAYO.
NO -:- ADVANCE -:- IN -:- PRICES.
Reserved Seat? Night. 2ic. fiOc. 73c.
Reserved Seats Matinee, 2.'ic. 60c.
Monday NIkM. March 26 - - PADEREWBKI.
Seats on tale Thursday Morning. March 22.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS-
In Operation Dally, 625 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
SPECIAL«GRAND^PERA-HOUSE
TO-MORROW, TUESDAY, AFTERNOON,
• At 1:15 o'clocfc.
Farewell Grand Orchestral Concert,
WALTER DAViROSCH,
CONDUCTOR, and
THE SYMPHONT ORCHESTRA.
SOLOISTS.
MADAME GADSKI
—AND—
MR. DAVID BISPBAM
(By Arraßrern^nt With Mr. C. L. OraJf.)
PROGRAMME:
Overture. '"Tanr.hau«>»r" (Warner), orchestra;
fa) "Slick Ich Umh»r" (Wagner), (b) "Abend-
etern" rcva^ner). Mr. Eispham: irti, "Ocean.
Thou ill^hty Monrter" <Web*r). Madame
Oaifil; cymphony No. S (B*^thoven), fa) An-
dant*. (b> KinaJe. orchestra.; "Rhapsodle Hon-
rrr>iB«" <Llert). orchestra.; songs, <ai "Yon
Ewlpr LJeber" <Brahm«). <b) "Serenade"
<Schubert). (r) "Wliimung" 'Schumann). Mr.
Birpham; prelude. "Lohengrin" (Warner), or-
ch*«t.ra: "Elsa's Dream." from "Lohenrrin"
<WaKT!er), Madame Gadski; "March Slave"
CTwhafkowskry). orchestra.
POPULAR PRICES-Tsc. JI. Jl 60. J2 and $2 £0.
On gale at SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
HORSELESS CARRIAGE
DRIVER IS ARRESTED
Automobilist Captured in the Park.
Fun at the Chutes and •
Sutro Baths.
The arrest of a lone driver of an auto
mobile was the only excitement furnished
the people at the park yesterday. E. A.
Boesete, either through Ignorance of the
existence of a prohibitory ordinance or
through a 'determination to place himself
In the hands of the officers, that he might
contest the constitutionality of the act of
the Park Commissioners, sent his auto
mobile gteamlng through the drives of the
pleasure" grounds until overhauled by Offi
cer N. R. Norton, who placed him under
arrest. Boesete and his automobile were
taken to the Stanyan-street Police station,
and on depositing $10 ball the prisoner was
released, and mounting his automobile
wended his way to -town.
The threatening weather of the early
afternoon kept many people In their
homes who would otherwise have visited
one or the other of the various resorts.
When the sun came out later in the day,
however, the crowds Increased, but an
other change In the weather drove them
home again. The usual jolly crowd gath
ered at the Chutes,- and another was at
Sutro Baths. There were no accidents
or Incidents worthy of mention at either
place., and all enjoyed the outing. Follow
ing are the results of the contests at the
baths:
Fifty-yard dash (Juvenile)— P. Sunbure;, first;
J. O'Brien, F»cond. .
One hundred-yard dash (amateur)— H. Likens,
first: J. Laird, second.
Tub race— T. Borgan, first; T. Eunburc, sec
ond: J. ' Wandel- third.
High diving nfttch for boys— J. Wandel, first
prize: H. Harris.. second prlre.
Trick and . fancy diving— F. Borsran, first; H.
Leicken, second. ¦ ¦
Underwater swimming contest — S. Winters,
first; S. Ralston, second.
11 HOOT MON, WE ARE_GOING TO LEAVE!"
TENTH -'"p last... WEEK
Of the Marvelous Comic Opera.
THE
Souvenir Ferfopasnce To Morrow.
75thTime Tursilay — 75th Tims.
Beautiful Souvenirs Given Away!!
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAY
AT 2.
POPULAR PRICL-.&— 2?c and 50c.
Next Werfc-"MANILA BOUND."
TELEPHONE— BUSH 9.
ALL THIS WEEK.
UagniCcent Revival <•¦{ OOnbach's Famous
Comic Opera.
The
Grand Duchess
TELEPHONE— MAIN E32.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra Saturday
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
TO-MGHT—
Elaborate Modern Production.
Diplomacy
15c, 25c R |l^f D 35c, 50c.
Next Week- - - "AUNT JACK"
Now In PreDaratlon,
.-.."Q1/O VADIS"....
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAT AND SUNDAY
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
I/DAPM and Drake Amalgamators, In
l\l\UUil operation dally; 1 30-Hp. gaso-
line engine cheap. 9 Stevenson
«t., S. F.
DREDOINO PUMPS.
OH. Gasoline, Bteam Hoists, Centrifugal Pumps,
Engines&Bollers. HendyMach.Wks.,4o Fremont.
. MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply trerh or salt water for cluice boxes;
high or low lifts. Slmonds. 33 Market st.
PUMPS AND GASOLINE ENGINES.
All kinds of Pumps and Gasoline Engines.
WOODIN A LITTLE. 212 Market St.. S. F.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVE 3 All the Gold by Gravitation. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
BOSS GOLD SAVER.
Man pumps, water operates machine, works
3 tons r«r hr., naves 95 p.c. .free gold. 129 First.
CENTRIFUGAL AMALGAMATORS.
EAVES fine gold. In dally, operation at 154
Beale St.. San Francisco.
GASOLINE ENOINES.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS la filling
many orders for Nome. 141-143 First St., 8. F.
GOLD SEPARATOR. . /
Cyclone Gold Separator and' Amalgamator in
fially operation. Wm. H. Birch it Co.. 133
First St.. 9. F.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Savin* Machine. Mt Fol-
«otn street. Oriental. Gas Kn«r!ne Company.
GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
Outfits packed. IRVINE BROS.. 570 Howard,
308 Fourth. 1302 Polk and 1441 Stockton. 8. F.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
— THE WORLD'S GREATEST PIANIST. —
Mocdaj- Night March 16
Wednecday Afternoon March 28
Friday Afternoon March 30
Monday Afternoon April 2
RESERVED SEATS. {1 SO, J2. 13. M.
Sale of Keats commences on THURSDAY
Mornlm?, March 22. at 9 o'clock.
Out-of-town crd»rs received by mall or tele-
graph will b* tilled In rotation as th*»y reach
th* California Th»ater after the opening of the
sale of seats on Thursday. March 22.
Pacific Coast tour under the direction of S. H.
Fried lander & Co.
STEINWAY PIANOS USED.
OILS.
RUBRICATING OH iCrude Oil and Gatollnx.
ENSIGN A McGCFFICK. 23 Spear St.. S. F.
PLATES FOR S AVINO OOLO.
Schaezleln & Burrldge. 3 Hardle , place, off
Kearny. between Sutter and Rush streets.
F. -W.-BEL.U Central Plating" Works, 852 Mis-
sion »t.. S. F. Phone Jessie 3CI.
. ROCKERS.
RPmTF?^ Hula-Hula .-¦•.. Rocker: Centrlfural
lU.WIIL. i»J Sand Pumrs; Machinery. PARKE
& L.ACY CO.. 21 Fremont *t.
. PORTABLE HOUSES.
BTJRNHAM-STANDEFORD CO., Washington
and Ist sts.V Oakland; or Builders' Ex.. R. F.
PILE.DRIVINO ENOINES.
Worthlngton Steam Pumps A Water Meters,
Mundy Hoisting Engines. •; Tatum .& Bowrn.
ENGINES; BOILERS,; ETC. y'\
BAKER A HAMILTON. Engines and Boilers;
lowrnt prices on the coast. Pine & Da vts sts.
TENTS AND t OVERS.
NEVILLE tcCO.. manufacturers, bag*, tents.
rover*, tl and 33 California nt. '
W. & P. BUILOINO PAPER.
Wind, water . and vermin ; proof. Prepared
roofing. 113 New . Montgomery st. . •
PASO: ROBLES ££&¦
WILL CURB RHEUMATISM,
BLOOD. -LIVER, KIDNEY and BTOMACH
DISORDERS.- Elegant .hotel accommodation*.
Famous mud baths. ; Special round-trip rebate
tlclceta. Apply FRANK W. ELY. A«ent. 640
Market »t. . . *¦-•-..-. *:•; .-;.¦ .-. .'- ¦
5
ANDREW JACKSON
(From a painting by Vanderlyn in the City Hall. New York.)YACHTS LEAVE THE LAGOON.
The Corinthian Fleet Comes Out- of
Winter Quarters. ' '"''. : '
At 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon the
bridge at Tiburon was raised and the
yachts which have been lying dismantled
in the sheltered water of the lagoon since
the close of last season were > towed out
into the bay. The sloops Aeolus and
Trunks, valises, dress suit cases *~and
travellnß rolls. Immense assortment of
best grade a( Sanborn & Vall's, 741 Mar-
ket street. . ••
PETER JACKSON IN TOWN.
Arrivis on the Walla Walla — Looks
Like a Physical Wreck.
The steamer .Walla Walla arrived from
Puget Sound yesterday. Among the cabin
passengers was Peter Jackson, who has
once more returned to San Francisco.
"Poor old Peter" looks financially - all
right, but phyeically he is a wreck. His
chest has fallen in. his cheeks are sunken
and his eyes have lost their brightness.
He has acquired the slow walk of an old
man and altogether ha* aged a great
deal since he left here. Peter was dress
*d in the latest golf style of clothing and
wore a big ulster, even though it was 70
in the shade. He has no particular object
in coming here, but wants to see his old
friends. •. -
will guarantee
jMKafflfifijlW that my Kidney Cnr«
£| ft will cure 90 per cent.
JKl^^^^^Bßß of all forms of kidney
mw JBJH complaint and In
.._ .jffip mtnr Instances tie
tC dost serious forms or
1^ '*' y»y Brisnt'a disease. U
a /*M^ tie tJlsease '¦* com-
K.^Sfl plicated send a four-
¦T^^ oonce vial of tirin~.
ijtip^QSßEiliSrf&g ¦ D(i •dvlse you Xxea
At «n Orasglsti. 2So. a TlaL Guide to Health
awl mfdlcal ad'tc«» fr». 1808 Arch »t.. Phll».
li¦l I I V 1 HBHI I "M IfiS
Tanforan Park Entries.
The entries at Tanforan Park to-day
are as follows:
First race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds ;
selling;.
918 Diderot ..105
947. Countess Clara.. 100
... Billy Taylor 105
934 Combermere 107
934 Rio de A1tar.. ...108
(929)RolUck 1W
941 Follow Me ......100
916 Fred's M0unt... .100
922 Carllee 100
941 Maldonado 108
941 Beelzebub 108
947 Moonbright 107
Second race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling. •
919 Miss Marion 99
931 Mountebank .... 89
942 Jael 103 i
(931) St. Casimir...... S9j
S3l Gussie Fay...... 87
93S True Blue 105
909 Peace 10*
Third race— One and one-sixteenth miles; han
dicap. *
877 Rosormonde ....115' 950 Advance Guard. Ks
(945) Daisy F ...101' 946 Captive 102
Fourth race — One and one-eighth miles; four
year-olds and up; selling.
(937) Topmast ........111
952 Catastrophe ....111
952 El Mldo 107
945 Tappan ..........111
830 Gotobed 107
936 Einstein 104
930 Red Pirate 103
945 Captive 107
937 Sardonic 103
933 Cromwell ; 107
* Fifth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up.
...Atlas 89
923 Harry C0rby....102
919 A Henna 104
94S La Chesterfield.. 100
944 Henry C... 10S
S2S Jazabel 103
943 March Seven.... 89
... Chappie 112
937 Edgardo 91
... Atticus 165
944 Formella 113
: Sixth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up.
122 Senator "Wilson. ll9
857 Be Happy 110
92S Miss Soak ......103
92S Red Cherry...... 89
944 Croker ..... .102
877 Arbaces ...119
625 Hindoo PrincessKM
. 943 Expedient ......IC6
928 Uterp 100
834 Silver Tall 100
818 Melvln Bumhamlos
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Combermere, Maldonado, Rollick.
Second race— St.Caslmlr. Peace, Miss Marion.
Third race— Daisy F. Rosormonde. Captive.
Fourth race— Topmast, Sardonic. Catastrophe.
Fifth race— Jazabel, Chappie, March Seven.
Sixth race— Arbaces, Hindoo Princess, Uterp.
Musicians Picnic at Shell Mound.
Tne Musicians' Social Club, an adjunct
of the Musicians' Protective Union, gave
a picnic at Shell Mound Park yesterday.
Over three hundred pleasure seekers in
vaded the grounds and bad a thoroughly
enjoyable day. The committee of arrange
ments was as follows: C. H. Foster,
president; H. Menke. secretary: 11. Mey
er, treasurer; C. Ackerman. H. Dibben,
\V. Beach. T. Smith. Dancing was under
the direction of Floor Manager C. Geanz,
assisted by J: yon Staden.
OUTDOOR LIFE
TROPHY IS WON
BY F. E. MASON
Individual Ownership of the
Rifle Decided at Shell
Mound. ,-
1
The Independent Rifles and Company
F of Fifth Infantry, N. G. C,
Also Hold Their Monthly
Medal Shoots.
>
The members of the Golden Gate Rifle
and Pistol Club gathered in large num
bers at the Shell Mound ranges yesterday
to witness the competition for individual
ownership of the handsome rifle offered
by the Denver Outdoor Life, and the
prize was handily won by F. E. Mason
with 2194 points. The trophy was recent
ly won by the club team of six marks
men In competition with several shooting
organizations west of the Missouri River
and was wrested from the Cheyenne Rifle
Club- by ICO rings, though the latter had
been "given a handicap of 195 rings by the
Golden Gates.
Dr. L. O. Rodgers, a member of the team,
did not take part In. yesterday's contest
on account of illness. J. E. Gorman was
prevented from competing as his eyesight
is bad and D. W. McLaughlin was obliged
to retire after scoring 10S6 rings because
his gun brolce down.
The match was at the twenty-five-ring
target, 100 shots at 200 yards to count,
and the scores were as follows: F. E.
Mason 2194, F. P. Schuster 2162. C. M.
Henderson 2149, D. B. Faktor 2126.
Company F, Fifth Infantry, N. G. C.
held its monthly medal shoot with the
following results:
Lieutenant C. C. Covalt. 45; Corporal L. E.
Darling, 41; J. B. nichards, 39: Lieutenant H.
T. Bennett, 38; Senteant A. F. Hanson. 36; Ser-
Keant G. C. Hanson, 36; 11. P. Bray, 34; A. F.
Fick. 38; Thillp Green, 36: C. C. Eien, 35; W.
Nordlund, 34; T. C. Hambleton. 32: F. C. Par
sons, 15; H. U. Bray, 26; Corporal S. J. Grimes,
26; A. Boland, 24; 0.,8. Rasmussen. 20; G. N.
Green. 19; R. Chubb, 13; J. 11. Gunter, 12; F.
R. Carter. 31.
The monthly medal shoot of the Inde
pendent Rifles resulted as follows:
Corporal G. Worthlngton. 37: E. Helmke. 41;
Sergeant C. Andrews, 42; 11. Retnhardt. 22: G.
Frederickson, 37; H. Gaetjen, 37; A. Dtctrlch,
24: Sergeant H. Schlichtmann, 41; H. Kuhlke.
35;-Corporal P. Schnlg, 37; Captain G. Schnei
der. 3S.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO GALL, MOXDAY v Mi\JJCHI
Calvarian Society.
There was the usual large attendance at
the Lenten devotions of the Calvarian So
ciety In 8t- Mary's Cathedral yesterday
afternoon. Rev. James P. Moran preach*.!
an eloquent discourse on "John, the Be
loved." -
Radway's
, Purely vegetable, mlJd and reliable. Causa
perfect digestion, complete absorptioa and
healthful ; regularity. <^
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys > Bladder Femala Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness. Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of tha
Internal Vlacera. Xc a box. At DruMTflsts. or
by maU.- BAD WAY & CO.. New Toxk
Columbia Rifle and Pistol Club.
>, The v Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
scores : made at , the Harbor View range
yesterday ;on .the ¦ Columbia, target, 200
yards for large rifles and 50 yards for pis
tols and small rifles, are as follows: ;¦ " --;*•,*,
, Rifle medals— F. 0.tY0un5,;4, ; 1, ; 6, 3. 1, J, 5,
4, 6. 6-38, 68. 6«. > •
Pistol medals— F.7.O. Young, 40, 65;" P. 8.
Washburn. ¦ 66. 72. •. ;- . ¦:- -¦.-•¦
Pistol record scores— G. M.- Barley, 39,- 52; T.
S. : Washburn, s 67; , Mrs. ¦M. J. '..White, ; 59; Mrs.
G. Mannel, 82; Mrs. P. J.,Maas, 119.
.-"¦ Twist revolver medals— F. O. Young, • 53, 54,
65. ! 68, 69 vQr M. Daiss, 64 . 67, 67, .* 74. - 81 ; ;P.
Becker,' 62,-- 74, - 81, * 82/ • 83; E. i E. - Beaman. 65,"
68, 76,-80. 102; Dr. F. J. Twist, 72, 87, 89, 97. 98;
Mrs. . O. I Mannel. 110, . 119; , Mrs. C. F. .Waltham,
127. -.V- ¦•'-¦ ¦.• -. -."¦ •.-'-¦ ••: ¦ .-" ¦ ¦;• ..; ; - ; --¦-?-
.-- Revolver records— M. : J. ¦ White, . 69; . Mrs.* M.
J. White, M., , > , . -:- .
- ¦ Twenty-two end > twenty-flve caliber -h rifle
medala^A. B. Dorrell. 24, 24, i 28, 32; ¦ G. Man-
Sport in the Handball Courts.
The sport at Phil Ryan's handball court,
858 Howard street, yesterday- was fully up
to the average. The four-handed game
in which J.Harlow, J. White, M. J. Kil
gailon. and R. " Linehan participated was
well worth witnessing. Harlow, who Is
classed - among - the best . players on the
coast, ¦ distinguished himself by his excel
lent service from the inner line, as also
by his shrewd hitting over the outside
mark. The scores , follow:
P. Hutchlnson and T. ; Callaghan, 21— 21— 21-
B. Sheehan and M. Flynn, 10—13—18. •
*: C. Darby ' and Jack O'Brien. 21— 21— 11: J
Daly and L. McGrath,* 14— 16— 21. "
: P. ' Munz and C. Smith, . 21— 21—21; C. Laktn
and P.-Carney, 12—15—12.
E. Lynch and E. McDonough, 21 — 21 — 19; N. J.
Prendergast and D. Regan, 11 — 14^ — 21.
C. : Murray and -W. Murray. 21—21—21 : J.
Jynor and J. Kilsby, 12— 14— 17.
' W." Fisher and T. Leach. 11—21—21: R. Mur
phy and P. Ryan," 21— 16— IS. .
- Q. B. Harward and A. Whiteman. 21— 21— 17;
W. H.~ Sieberst and M. Klrby, 13—15—21.
¦ y W. H. Sieberstand A. Whiteman. 21— 16— 21;
O. B. Hay ward and M. Klrby. 10— 21— IX
'¦• E."McOlnty and'C. Lakln. 21— 21— 10; J. Me-
Brearty and W. Walsh, »— 12— 21. ; ,
•_ J. ¦ Condon and M. Basch. 21— 13— 21 ; T. Foley
.and.T. Smith. 9— 21— 15.
' T. Serrea and -,' A.'% Whiteman, 21— IS— H; E.
Whit* and R. Regll. 14— 21— 1 L
- J.Harlow and J. White. 21— 21— 21; M.J. Kll
gallon and R. Llnehan, ; 20^-17—14. .
NOTED PRINTER AND
ELEGTROTYPER DIES
"Just fine!" s-ays ' every lady who uses
Anyvo Theatrical Cold ( Cream. Druggists.*
Buttered toast Is certainly a cut-and-
drled affair. , »
GOOD SCORES ARE MADE
AT SCHUETZEN RANGES
O. Burmeister Carries OS the Honors
in the California Club Bulls
eye Contest.
The rifle ranges at Schuetzen Park re
sounded yesterday to the reports of a
larger, number, of rifles than .have'been
present any Sunday this season. The
Grutll Schuetzen Club, the Verein -Ein
tracht, the San Francisco Club and the
California Schuetzen Club all contributed
their quota to the day's sport, and despite
cloudy skies and consequent poor light on
the targets good scores prevailed.
In the California Club the honors were
carried off by O. Burmeister, who won the
bullseye shoot with the excellent score of
144. F. Attinger was a close second with
167. The Grutli Club also held a bulU.eye
shoot, in which a new member, Joseph
Furrer, proved himself an acquisition to
the club and claimed first honors. In the
San Francisco Turnep schuetzen section P.
Burmeister won the bullseye shoot with a
score of 478, F. Attinger being second with
491. - ¦...¦-.:¦.' ¦• - . •¦:-•¦
The scores in detail were as followa:
California Schuetzen Club— O. . Burmeister.
144- C J Walden, 369; P. Attinger. 167rH.
Eckmann. 494; M. - Reubold, 1690; _H. .Wanne
(cadet) 2022 : i J. Tammeyer. 1138; w.l\ olden,
2728- F' A. Kuhls, 799; A. Ehrenpfort, 1445; A.
Hampfel, 260: R. Finking. 1499; John Horst
mann 1659 ; E. ¦ Wenne. 1478 ; P. C. Hagerup.
2124 JKullman. 1849: Charles Sagehprne, 1376;
R. Stettin. 1125: John L^Utschig 2261; LReu
bold 1316- A. Gehret. 616; H. • Ense. <1434; O.
F Pock 1312: J. Jones. 1262; P. Brunetly. 1155;
r! Lanire, 1259; A. Rahwyler, -- 1064; F. A.
Schrumpff, 1055; A. Bertlesen. 1000; John 1 Ut
•«ehlK 1344; Joe Straub. 2591; "W. Ehrenpfort,
413; A' Strecker. 302; P. Bremer. 825; A. Ut
schljr 2640- J. ¦C. Waller. 8087.
San Francisco Turner Schueteen— H. , Stettin.
2129- P. Krueckel. 1700; F. Attinßer, ; 491; J.
Straub 1271; R. - : Jonas, ' 1945; -W. i Nolden, 495 ;
R Pinking- 2142: J. Straub, 1507: O.,Burmeis
ter ' 478- A Utschig, 1129; »P.'Kammer. 2107;. L..
Brunne ' 1194: J. Tamme>¥r, 1079; ; R. Lange,
1991- HEnge. 770;. C. Neilson. 893; J. Utschig,
E62- F. Klat»e, A 1650; C. Sagehorne. 1033."
¦ Verein Elntracht bullseye - shoot— O." Thiele,
893; J. Zahn, 1157;. J. Young, 1172. -
In the ; Grutli Schuetzen Club's bullseye
shoot no ; scores .were announced, but the
following competed: Joseph Furrer, F.
Baumgarten, Charles Ott, > Charles Gutt,"
J. Apppenzeller, V. "Wyll, L. Gehrer and
J. Bachmann.v
Men's calf shoes, worth $3 50, "f0r only-
Si 50 a pair, at the sale of shoes, 717 Mar-
ket street. •
ON ADAMS POINT LINKS.
Final Championship Bound Between
Folger and Hubbard Ends
in a Tie.
The tournament for the championship
of the Oakland and San Francisco Golf
clubs has not yet reached a conclusion,
though the final round over thirty-six
holes between E. R. Folger and C. P.
Hubbard was played yesterday on the
Oakland links. On Saturday E. R. Folger
defeated F. R. Stratton in the semi-final
round and so won his way into the final
round against C P. Hubbard, .who had
defeated his antagonist, P. E. Bowles Jr.
Hubbard and Folger yesterday played a
notable game, being all even at the end
of the first eighteen holes. After the
thirty-fourth hole had been played it
looked like Hubbard's match, for he was
2 up, but Folger won the next two holes
and mado it all square. The tie will be
played off next Sunday .over eighteen
holes.
May had been taken out of the lagoon
about a fortnight ago and the Corinthian
yachts Speedwell, Harpoon, Emilie, Arc
turus. Naiad and Nereid lay throughout
the winter at their moorings in the cove.
The following yachts were towed out yes
terday: Lois, Claire. Klia, Rover, Merope,
Presto, Wawona, Diana, Paul, Lapwing,
Thelma, Emma, Queen, Thetis, Freda,
Truant, Amigo, Mlgnon, Halcyon, Phoen
icia, Cupid, Ceres, Neptune, Seven Bells,
Spray and Wave.
After the yachts the arks La Fiesta and
La Boheme came out, but the rest of the
arks will remain in the<lagoon for three'
or four weeks longer. No mishap befell
any yacht except the yawl Seven Bells,
which struck the bridge and broke her
topmast, causing all the rigging to fall
on deck, fortunately, however, without in
juring any one. Robert Tittel's launch
Crescie and Hugo Keil's small launch did
yeoman service in towing the yachts out
and Bowers' Gypsy was also made useful.
James Kitterman's launch America
towed the following yachts over to Sausa
llto: Sloops Rover, Thetis. Twiliiht and
Juanita and the schooner Outing.
Some delay -was experienced in raising
the bridge, owing to the fact that John
Xorby, the boatkeeper of the Corinthian
Yacht Club, was severely injured by a
man named Rice and is under medical at
tendance. The two men were playing
cards in Tiburon, and a dispute arising
over a small sum of money. Rice drew a
Eenknife and slashed Norby In the groin,
everal of the yacht-owners who had ar
ranged with Norby to prepare their craft
for the coming season will be delayed in
putting them in commission as they will
have to get the work done by others.
CURTIS' FLYING FOX DEFEATS
LUXOR IN THE CHAMPION STAKE
Eugene Geary's Ireland Wins
the St. Patrick's Day
Stake.
LI'XOR, pronounced by many cours
ing men the fastest greyhound in
America, was defeated yesterday at
Union Coursing Park by Flying Fox,
his kennel-mate, in the great cham
pion stake. Eugene Geary's Ireland,
which teems appropriately named, won
the St. Patrick's day stake. He is only
eeventeen months old and showed his re
markable class by winning this 126-dog
stake after the severest competition.
The coursing throughout the day was bril
liant. The best dogs on the coast met in
round after round and the hares proved
sufficiently strong to test the greyhounds
to the utmost.
The defeat of Luxor was the great sur
prise of the day. He had been a pro
nounced favorite all day and when he
met Flying Fox in the final he sold for 8
to 1. He led to the hare by two lengths
and scored the first turn. He placed his
opponent for three turns and then scored
again himself. Flying Fox securing an
other turn, making the score 4 to 4. Luxor
•scored one more turn, when Flying fox
went around on the outside and killed,
making the score 6 to 6 in his favor. He
had one more course than the runner-up,
as he ran an undecided course with
Whltehead in the second round. He also
defeated Mac's Melody and Spiteful.
The latter showed well for his first ap
pearance in competition here. He beat
Metallic, "who was not In condition, how
ever, and also defeated Theron in the
longest couree of the day, the score being
In the open stake Ireland, the winner,
¦was never In danger until he met Mc-
Ktnley, Curtis & Son's iron dog. in the
lir.al. The latter won the midweek stake
last Wednesday, but showed no bad ef
fects from his exertions. Ireland led him
two lengths to the hare. Ireland beat
Blackette. Uncle Fuller. Royal Anne,
Cash, which he led three lengths, and.
finally. McKJnlcy. He is by Emm Pasha-
Bonnie Lass and is of the same litter as
Palo Alto, the runner-up last week. The
detailed results of the running, with Judge
John Grace's official score, follow:
Champion stake— Curtis & Son's Flytnr Fox
beat Bart eli JJros.' Mac's Melody, B — 3; R. E.
de B. Lopez's Whitehead beat P. Horgran's
Manila. 3—l; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Spite
ful beat Pasha Kennels' Metallic 6— J; O.
Whitney's Theron beat R. L. Taylor's Mo*e;
J. H. Perlso's Bohe beat Curtis & Son's Cava
lier. s—o; E. M. Kellogg-s Kid McCoy beat
r»«ha Kennels' Recording Angel. »— 4; F. A.
McComb's Royal Flush beat Curtis & Son's
Narcissus. 6—7; Curtis & Son's Luxor beat P.
J. Reiily'B Warshio. S-2.
Second round— Flying Fox beat Whltehead,
'.—-., 7—6; Spiteful beat Theron, 14—11; Bohe
beat Kid McCoy, 3—l ; Luxor beat Royal Flush,
7-J.
Third round— Flying Fox beat Spiteful, 4—l;
Luror beat Bohe. 6—4. ; • -. -. ¦¦»¦
Final— Flying Fox beat Luxor. 6—B.
Reserve stake — E. Geary's Ireland beat Cur
tis & Son's Blackette. 4—2; Maher & Reid's
Uncle Fuller beat D. Winder's Random Aim,
4—l; Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne beat R. B.
de B. Lopez's Minnie Wa Wa. 4—o; Bartels
Brothers' Beer Brewer beat Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Daisy Clalr, 6—2; Curtis & Bon's Cash
b»at J. R. Smith's Master Davenport. 6—o; D.
Winder's Risky Attempt beat M. Michalak's
Old Glory. 4—2: Aeneid Kennels' Athena beat
P. J. Reiliys Ploughboy, «— 2; R. E. de B. Lo
pei's Peplta beat M. Mlchalek's Glea Roy,
4—o; T. J. Cronin's Thornhiil beat R. E. de
B. Lopez's Green Valley Maid. 3—l; R. E. de
B. Lopez's Wonder beat P. McCabe's Boney
Boy. 4—o; Pasha Kennels' Re-Annex be«t
Oeorye MacDoural's Spindle, 4—l; Erwln &
Jjvon's May Queen beat J. P. Thrift's St. Mich
ael. 4—o; M. P. Whiting's St. Anthony beat
.T. M. Holt on' f Lavender, 2 — J; Curtis & Son's
MrKinley beat A. T. Leonard's Mayflower.
«— 0; F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha beat 8.
Handy's Twin City Girl, C— 3: J. Carrol's Auck
land t«?at F. A- McComb's Motto, J— l.
Second round— lrelsnd beat Uncle Fuller, 4—o;
Royal Anne beat Beer Brewer. 6—l; Cash beat
Risky Attempt. 3—l; Athena, beat Pepita, 6—l;
Wonder beat Thornhiil, 4—l: Re- Annex beat
May Queen. 6—2; McKlnley beat St. Anthony,
I— 1: Sir Pasha beat Auckland, 5—2.
Third round— lreland beat Royal Anne, 2—l;2 — 1;
Cash beat Athena, « — t; Re-Annex beat Won
der. 4— S; McKinley beat Sir Pasha, *— L
Fwurth round— lreland beat Caeh, 6—4; Me-
Kinley beat Re-Annex. 6—o.
Final— lreland beat McKlnley, 6— S.
There will be no midweek stake at
t'nion Park owing to the difficulty expe
rienced in getting sufficient hares.
Flora McDonald the Victor
in Champion Stake at
Ingleside.
LDWE & THOMPSON'S greyhound
Flora McDonald won first prize in
the eight-dog champion stake at In
gleside Coursing Park yesterday,
with Russell, Allen & Wilson'-S dog
Master Clair runner-up. Two
courses were necessary to decide the final,
both dogs breaking even in the first after
a short run.
In the open stake Maher & Reid's Bad
Boy captured the final after an undecided
course with J. I. O'Hrien's Wandering
Tom as runner-up. Both stake-winners
were favorites in their respective finals,
though Flora McDonald sold on the short
end in the first round .with Connemara.
The hares were a good lot and long
courses resulted, though no relief dogr
were required during the day.
Master Clair won from Beacon in the
run down of the champion stake on the
short end at 1 to 3. Lawrence won in the
open stake at the same odds from Tia
Rose. Golden Rule was put out by Mafe
ter Clair at 5 to 3 in the champion sta*c.
Many looked upon O'Shea's dog as a suie
winner. The attendance was large anl
the management furnished the patron 3 an
excellent programme of coursing.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores:
Op*n stake, first ti^s— J. McEnroe's Admiral
Sampson beat Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal,
s—o; Mafcer & Reid's Bad Boy beat J. An
thony's Patriot, 6—2;6 — 2; Cornell Brothers' St.
Helen beat H. A. I>eckPlman's Flyaway, 6—3;
Russell, Allen & Wilson's Belle Clalr beat G.
M. Abercrombie's Rock Island Boy. s—l; H.
Lynch' b Islington beat K. McComb's Little
Sister. 3—l:3 — 1: J. O'Shea's Young: America beat
I«owe & Thompson's Little Fullerton, s—l;5 — 1; P.
Brophy'g B*>nicia Boy beat Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Palmflower. £ — 0; H. Lynch's- Lottie
M b«*at G. M. Abercrombie's Victor King, S—o;S — 0;
J. l>ennls' October Woodcock beat D. Hooper's
Morse's Patrol. 3—o; P. M. Clarkson's Flower of
Gold beat Captain Kane's Mlra Monte, 4—o;
H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence beat T. Tlerney's
Tea Rose, 6—l; J. I. O'Brien's Wandering Tom
beat J. McEnroe's Nor'west, 6— o; J. I.
O'Brien's Statesman beat Captain Kane'«
Greenhall, 3—o;3 — 0; J. Mooney's Silent Treasure
Iwut J. 1. O'Brien's Pasha Queen. 3—l; J. R.
Smith's Sylvanus a bye.
Second tie— Bad Boy beat Admiral Sampson.
C— l; St. Helen beat Belle Clalr, 3—o; Young
America beat Lexington. 2—o: Benlcia Boy beat
Lottie M. 6—o; Flower of Gold beat October
Woodcock G«^-0; Wonderlns Tom beat Law
rence 6—2: Statesman beat Sylvanus, 2—o; Si
lent Treasure a bye. ¦ ¦
Third tie— Bad Boy beat fit. Helen, 4—5;
Youni? America beat Benlcia Boy. 6—o; Wan
dering Tom beat Flower of Gold, 8—0; Silent
Treasure beat Statesman. 3—l.
Fourth tie— Bad Boy beat Young America,
5—3; Wandering Tom beat Silent Treasure,
Final— Bad Bny beat Wandering Tom, B— o.
Champion stake— Lowe & Thompson's Flora
McDonald beat Kay Brothers' Hawker. 4—3;
James r>ean's Oonnemara beat E. D. Fallon's
Lily of the West 4—o; J. O'Shea's Golden Rule
beat H A. Deckelman's Rocker, 4—2; Russell,
Allen A Wilson's Master Clair beat Curtis &
Son's Beacon, B—3.8 — 3.
First tie— Flora McDonald beat Connemark,
7—5; Master Clair beat Golden Rule, 6—3.
Final— Flora McDonald beat Master Clalr,
6-5. >U9miWiii>-,^v.^y., f v^.--
of a spare piece of lumber, which Cap
tain Eagles considers a work of art. Dur
ing the live days of enforced detention in
quarantine they played 343 games of crib,
and when the vessel docked at the sugar
refinery yesterday, the score was: Chick
ering 172 games won, 171 <garaes lost;
Swanson 171 gamps won. 172 games lost.
The opinion of both gentlemen is that if
they had continued to play for a year the
ratio would be the same. Mr. Chickering
would rather play crib ashore than in
quarantine within sight of home, how
ever, even though the company was thor
oughly to his liking.
The ship's crew will probably he paid
off before the United States Shipping
Commissioner to-day, but the chances are
that Mr. Chickering will not appear to de
mand his 25 cents. He says the counting
of 1, 2. 3, 4—lo, tally, as the bags went
into the ship's hold, was good mental
exercise, and that, therefore, he is entitled
to no remuneration.
did not go ashore, but fearing detention
at the hands of Dr. Kinyoun on his re
turn to San Francisco he shipped as
"purser" at the munificent salary of 25
cents a month.
Captain Eagles, of course, looked upon
the arrangement as a matter of form, but
Purser Chickering would not have it that
way. He tallied the entire cargo of su
gar, amounting to 27,800 baps, made out
the manifest and ship's papers and did
all the other work that usually devolves
upon the ship's paymaster.
Mr. Chickering's self-sacrifice did not
avail, however, as the Centennial was
held five days in quarantine upon her ar
rival here. Still, time did not hang so
heavy .on his hands after Captain Alec
Swanson boarded the steamer from the
pilot boat Bonita. Mr. Chickering is very
fond of a game of "crib," and Captain
Swanson is an expert at the game. There
was no crib board, but Alec soon over
came that difficulty. He made a board out
THE steamer Centennial, which ar- >
rived from Kahului on March 13, ;
was released from quarantine yes
terday, much to the delight of Wil
liam H. Chickerlr.g, the well-known attor
r.py. Pilot Alec Swanson and the crew.
When the Centennial left here on Jan
uary 31 Fhe carried no purser and but one
passenger. When ehe came back there
•was no passenger, but the ship's articles
showod that at Kahului a purser had been
*¦ hipped.
It appears that when the Centennial
was ready to sail William H. Chickering,
cf the well-known firm of attorneys,
Ohickering, Thomas & Gregory, found
that some important legal business en
tailed a visit to Kahului. He accordingly
took passage on the steamer, but on his
arrival at the island found the place quar
antined, owing to the bubonic plague. He
STANFORD DEFEATS
SANTA CLARA NINE
An Exciting Game of Baseball Won
by the University Team at
San Jose.
SAX JOSE, March 18.— The frame at
Cyclers' Park yesterday between Stanford
and Santa Clara College baseball teams
was an Interesting, affair and resulted In
a victory for Stanford, after nine Innings
of stubborn contest. Neither side had any
advantage up to the last, the result of the
game being always in doubt. Stanford
was fortunate in getting hits at the right
time, and though some of them were not
clean, yet they resulted disastrously for
Santa Clara. The fourth Inning was the un
lucky inning for Santa Clara, when, with
two men out and two on bases, Hampson
of Stanford drove a long fly to left field.
The ball was lost in the high grass and
three men scored. Santa Clara played a
good uphill game, however, and managed
to score two runs in the sixth inning,
making the score five to four in favor of
Stanford. In the following inning the
score was tied, only to be untied again by
fevrohn who, with t»'« out, brought In
Lougheed and Kdwards with a two-bag
ger. Santa Clara secured another run in
the eighth* Inning-, but could get nothing
in the ninth. The game ended with the
score seven to six in favor of Stanford.
The battery work of both teams was good
and the fielding of Ryan was worthy of
mention.
SANTA CLARAS.
AB; R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Leake, s. s 3 2 110 3 1
Graham, c... 3 2 12 9 0 0
Kelley, p 4 1110 11
Conner. 3b 4 0 10 2 12
Finlgan. If 4 0 10 2 0 0
Ryan. rf.... 4 1113 0 0
Farry, cf 4 0 0 0 110
Turner, lb 4 0 1 0 8 2 0
Keefe, 2b 3 0 0 0 2 0 1
Totals 33 6 7 5 27 8 5
STANFORD.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A." E.
Ixmjfheed, c 4 1 0 1 6 4 0
Edwards, s. 5... 4 2 0 12 2 0
Strohn, 3b 4 t 1 1 2 0 1
Havens, lb 4 0 0 0 13 3 0
Cowden. 2b... 3 1 1 0 1 4 1
Murphy, cf 4 10 0 110
Symonds. rf ....4 1 11 1 0 0
Hampson, If 3 0 10 1 0 0
Lannlgan, p 4 0 2 0 0 4 0
Totals... 34 7 6 4 27 18 2
SUMMARY.
Karned runs — Santa Claras 2. Home run —
Hampson. Two-base hits — Ryan, Cowden. Sac
rifice hit— Farry- First base on called balls-
Stanford 4. Santa Clara 1. Left on basps*—
Santa Clara 2. Struck out— By Kelley 6, by
Lannlgan 5. Wild pitch— Lannigan. Hit by
pitcher — Graham. Passed ball — Lougheed. Um
pire — Anderson. Scorer — Casey. Time of game
— 1 hour and 45 minutes.
Spring
Announcement.
OPENING MONDAY, MARCH (9,
New Spring and Summer Styles of
Nell, 26 31. 32; Mrs. C. F. "Waltham. SS; Dr.
F. J. Twist, 41.
Record scores. 22 rifle— G. Mannell, 30: H.
Stevens. 42; Dr. Twist. 43: P. J. Maas, 43; Mrs.
Mannell, 43; Mrs. P. J. Maas. 77.
Rival Whalers Bound for Cape Nome Gold Fields-
WELL-KNOWN LAWYER SHIPS
AS PURSER ON A STEAMER
RIVALRY AMONG
WHALERS TO BE
FIRST AT NOME
Jeanette and Mary D. Hume
Will Strive to Land
Their Men Early.
Bark Alaska Fitted Up to Carry Pas
l sengers— Grant Off the Dry
dock — Grace Barton Ke
' places McDowell. ,
I The fabulously rich gold field extending
from Cape Yorke to Cape Nome Is attract
ing the attention of the civilized world.
Men from all corners of the' earth are
awaiting the breaking up of the ice in
the spring in order to get there. Rumors
of "rich strikes" and "new diggings" have
reached here during the winter and in
consequence everybody is more than anx
ious to be among the first to reach the
new jEI Dorado.
The brig Pitcalrn left here on the 12th
Jr.st. with about thirty passeagers. all
bqund for Nome. It is CapViin JNesbitts
intention to make for "PnnV "of Wales
Island and remain there until Bering
Strait is clear of ice. He will then
cross over and if no -passage can pc
found ho will land his passengers on .the
shore ico and allow them to make their
way landward in sleds.
The greatest interest centers ln_ the
steam whaling fleet, however. inese
vessels are not carrying passengers, but
each owner is sending a vessel away with
one or two representatives, whose objec
tive point is Nome. Nearly every whaler
that came home from the frozen North
brought more or less news gathered from
the Indians while trading and the rep
resentatives" are going north to test the
truth or falsity of these reports.
On the 10th inst. William Lewis sent out
the steam whaler William Baylies. She
cleared for a whaling cruise, but will
probably drop In at Nome when the ice
opens. On Wednesday next the Pacific
Steam Whaling Company will send out
the Mary D. Hume and Roth, Blum &
Co. will dispatch the JeaneUe. Both
these vessels will go to Puget Sound first
of all and after that will make a deter
mined effort to be first to the gold fields.
Albert L.. Blum will go north in the Jean
ette and Cal Dickey and two others will
be passengers on the Mary D. Hume.
A company of ten, just as anxious as
the whalers to reach Cape Nome, offered
Captain Newth of the Jeanette $500 each
to take them along, but he refused. The
Mary D. Hume has been transformed
from a whaler into a tugboat and she has
now only limited .passenger accommoda
tions. In consequence the ten men had
to seek transportation on another vessel.
The whaling bark Alaska is to sail short
ly for Cape Yorke and Nome and Captain
Cogan expects to reach there as soon as
the steamers do. His vessel is fitted to
carry passengers, so the chances are that
the gold-hunters will go on her.
It will be a battle royal between the
Jeanette and the Mary D. Hume, how
ever, with the betting in favor of the
former. Neither captain is very anxious
to pet very far north this month, so
neither vessel will be rushed. As soon as
the ice begins to open the real work will
begin. As soon as the Jeanette lands
Mr. Blum at Cape Nome she will proceed
on her whaling cruise. The Mary D.
Hume will remain on the ground, how
ever, and go into the towing business.
The Government has chartered the
steamer Grace Barton from the PipCr-
Aden-Goodall Company to take the place
of the McDowell on the run betwen the
army posts. The latter vessel will be laid
up for about/ two months for an over
hauling.
The transport Grant came oft the dry
dock yesterday and will coal in the
stream. . - • * .
The Santa Fe steamer Carmarthanshlre
arrived from Honkong.visi Yokohama and
San Diego yesterday. She will dock at
Lombard street to discharge.
. I I¦ I .
I lln I
FOOTWEAR.
ELE6ANT AND UP TO DATE AT LOW
PRICES !
LADIES* TAN OR CHOCOLATE ¦vTELT.
LACE OR BUTTON WALKING BOOT, ex-
, tension sole 93.00 and 94.00
LADIES' PATENT LEATHER LACE SHOES,
leather or LXV heels, kid or cloth tops, for
walking or dress ..$3.00
LADIES* TAN OXFORDS: full assortment lix
all shades ."f-.00 and upwards
MEN'S TAN SHOES in Box and Russia Calf
and Vlcl Kid 94.00 and 95.00
MEN'S TAN OR BLACK OXFORDS In Calf
and Vici Kid, best grades. _..„
94.00 and 95.00
A FULL ASSORTMENT OF SHOES FOR
LITTLE FOLKS-SAME STYLES
AS FOR BIG FOLKS!
SEE FRiCES ill WINDOW.
FINE SHOES,
830-832-834 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL
WILLIAM FILMER, who first applied the use of electrotyping in the
art of printing, and who has been a leading citizen and prominent
business man in this city for a number of years, died yesterday
morning at his home. 918 Sanchez street. He was the founder of
the Filmer-Rollins Electrotyping Company and was one of its officials at th«»
time of his death.
William Filmer \ •
maste C r. V lie % - -jjZ*^
served, two sue- ' •-.— «-i . — ~
, cesslve years .-. on
Bo^o^Renef: THE LATE WILLIAM FILMER.
and' has taken all .. ?' ;.
of the degrees of the Scottish Bite Masonry in ': the ' Northern Jurisdiction:
Mr. Filmer was also a member of California Chapter, Royal Arch Masons, and
was affiliated with many other branches of the order In this. city. ( The fun
eral will take Place this afternoon at 2, o'clock from- King Solomon's Hall;
Masonic Temple, W. M.George W..Wittman officiating. ? - ! :
Mr." Filmer was regarded as a charitable man; and was very .'popular. He
leaves three sons to mourn *. his' loss, t One of .them, George Filmer. is now con
nected with the business his father established. ',• ¦, ';- . - ~>- :
Specialists for Men
No' Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
Pay when well. Advice and nrlvate book
free, office or mail. Home cures. Estab-
lished 19 years. No in jurisua medlcin* used.
Dr. Meyers & Co.
731 Market St.. S. F.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THQ
treat Mexican remedy; elves health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 MarkaC
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE LATE WILLIAM FILMER.Keswick to Have a Library.
The Mercantile Library of this city has
just completed arrangements whereby
the people of Keswick, Shasta County,
may have plenty of good reading matter.
A club has been formed there, with fif
teen chartf-r members, who have paid {1 CO
each for the first three months* dues.
They have been furnished 'with a cata
logue and a nucleus of fifty books in ex
cess of the thirty bocks they are entitled
to at the rate of two books to each mem
ber, a!l of w'.iich are to changed from
time to time. Several interior towns have
taken advantage of this system of the
Mercantile Library to procure books.
COAST lUTISIOX (nroa<l(;as§«).
(Tblril and Townsemi Bta.)
MvmKBX r.*«iFic cs>Ki*A3nr.
(PACiriO STSTCX.)
Trains l»a»e »s«l i»r«> «*n© te> itrrl *• *t
HAJt ruA.iicis«:o.
(Main Lice, Foot ct Market Street)
XAZLSOAO TBAVSL.
BISHOP POTTER HOPES
FOR CHURCH EXTENSION
Fully Explains His Recent Visit to
Honolulu and the Philippine
Islands.
NEW YORK, March IS.-Blshop Henry
C. Potter formally announced at -- the
morning service in Grace Church to-day
that the object of his recent Journey to
Honolulu and the Philippine Islands was
to extend the Influence of the Protestant
Episcopal church In the new possessions
of tho United States Government. He
"My trip to Honolulu and the Philip
pines had for its object the extension of
the influence of the Protestant Episcopal
church in those islands. My observations
convince me that the Protestant Epis
copal church should be extended in both
Hawaii and the Philippines and it is now
the clear duty of the English-speaking
pe,ople to see that the. Christian religion
is firmly established among the Inhabi
tants on those islands."
During his sermon the Bishop took oc
casion to give an unqualified indorsement
to the policy of President McKinley in
the East, especially praising him for send
ing a ship of war to Taku, China, for the
purpose of protecting the American mis
sionaries in the province of Shantung,
whose lives are threatened by the "Box
ers." v ':
FUTURE OF NOME.
Prediction Made That It Will Rap
idly Increase in Importance
and Population.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B.C., March 18.— The steam
er Tees, just in from Skaguay reports that
a ; letter reached there from Walter
Church, a well-known mining man, dated
OAKLAND, March 18.— Three burglars
were surprised by W. H. Price Jr.
at his residence, 41 "Wayne avenue,
Peralta Heights, this evening. He
had a running fight with the trio
and captured one of them after
knocking him into insensibility with a
heavy stove poker. The captured thief
was turned over to the police. He gave
the name of Thomas Patterson and said
he was IS years old. a printer and recently
from Arizona. The dectectlves had good
descriptions of the two burglars who es
caped, and the entire police force was put
on watch for them. Pbtterson was so
badly disabled after his battle with Price
that he was sent to the Receiving Hos
pital to have several wounds on his head
dressed before he was taken to the City
Prison. Price escaped without injury, -al
though he was confronted by a brace of
pistols in the hands of the two burglars
who got away. The only weapon the
plucky householder could seize In time to
make his struggle to hold the intruders
was a poker, which he grabbed hurriedly
after the surprised burglars broke for lhe
street.
The residence is occupied by Mr. Price,
who is a clerk employed by W. P. Fuller
& Co. of this city, and his father and
mother. Mrs. Price Is away at a health
resort and her husband and son have only
been occupying the residence at.nignt.
About 7 o'clock this evening the young:
man was returning home alone. None of
the family had been there during the day.
As he neared the house he heard noises
upstairs, and stepping inside called,
thinking some relatives were there. Re
ceiving no response he went immediately
upstairs to a rear bedroom, from whence
the sounds issued, and on trying the door
he found It locked. His suspicions- were
aroused, and peering through the keyhole
he saw three men in the room. . Thinking
that they would rush downstairs as soon
as they realized they were dlscoverfU,
Price ran ahead and waited for the bur
glars, who quickly followed him. As they
dashed through the house two of the
housebreakers flashed pistol, and then
the fighting began. With his stove poker
Price set after the thieves, who made
their way out of the front door. The tiio
separated and their pursuer ran for tne
man he finally landed.
"I didn't have time to prepare for a
fight," said the young man, "but I
grabbed the poker and started after the
crowd as hard as I could. The man near
est me could not outrun me, and I finally
landed him with a hard blow on the head.
We were a couple of blocks from the
house when he gave up. I got him back
to the house and kept guard over him
while neighbors called the police.", .
Price deprecated the idea of bravery.
"I was too mad when I saw those men
in the house to do anything else but go
IfifiHFGaHsl;OOplßfflf
MARION AGAIN GOES
ON A PAY CRUISE
Target Practice Off Bed Bock, a Sa-
lute to the Yacht Clubs and a
Man Overboard.
The Marlon was once more astir yester
2ay, and this time she went as far north
bs Red Rock, then back and through Rac
coon Straits and home again to her an
chcrage off Folsom-street dock. She waj
manned by a crew of enthusiasts largo
enough to do the work and keep out of
each other's way, and her trip was punc
tuated by several incidents of importance
from the standpoint of the naval reserve
man.
The anchor came up clear. This was in
marked contrast to the hook which was
raised last time the vessel cruised, for
that, was as foul an anchor as any one
would wish to see. There was no time
waited over the start, therefore, and the
phip headed up the bay for Red Rock. The
jibtopsail and main trysail had been bent
during the morning, more, however, as a
bit of exorcise for the crc-w Dan for use,
for they were not set during the day. She
went along under spanker and jib as be
tore. with the assistance of her antiquated
tr.pines.
Off Red Rock the after gruns were cast
loose for target practice, but there was
nut time for more than a shot or two and
then the s=hip headed down the bay again
end through Raccoon Straits. Off the
yacht clubs at Belvedere she fired some
blanks, just to let people know she had
t'omething besides sails aboard, and then
eh« returned to her anchorge. Before
coming to her berth again she pet her
number in true man-o'-war style, and she
would have signaled for permission to
anchor if there had been a ship there
senior to her and capable of granting the
request, for warships are not supposed to
anchor in company of seniors without
asking permission.
There was some small excitement when
the Marion was anchored, caused by the
sudden bath of Seaman Hanson of the
Flr*t Division. He was in the first cutter,
hanging at the davits and. with others,
was busy casting her loose and getting
her ready for lowering when he got too
far to one side. She tipped and he fell
into the water, a distance of fifteen or
pixteen feet- When he went over he had
hold of a boathook. and when he rose to
the surface he still had the boathook in
his hand, and he at once hooked himself
into a ringbolt in the ship's side and hung
on. Master at Arms Blythe had gone
down the side after him like a monkey,
and he was ready to give him a hand back
to the ship. The launch of the Logan,
xvhich lies Just beyond the Marion, was
passing at the time and she came to the
rescue, while the lifeboat at the stern
was being dropped. There was no occa
pion for trouble, however, for the luck
less Hanson was towed to the gangway
end came over the side bringing a good
part of the bay with him.
The surpeons in the sick bay gave him
Fomething to keep away chilis. A day on
the Marion durinc a cruise counts as to
drills, so there will not be much doing on
the old ship for two weeks. Then the
friends of the reserve will be made wel
come on board, and then in another week.
or at most two weeks, she will pick her
anchor up again and once more she will
go cutting capers around the bay.
There was no trouble yesterday with
any of the gear. The men. profiting by
th« last exr»erience. knew what to do
•when quarters were ordered, and it will
not be lonff before the old ship with her
amateur crew will weigh and get under
way and come to anchor again as pret
tily as ever she did before she left the
regular service and became a naval nur
«ay. ¦¦¦.'-. . :
teachers the special instructors in physi
cal culture and music may shape their
work accordingly until Mayday, and that
teachers are instructed to co-operate In
this, provided that the rogular order of
.school work be not disturbed. Also, that
under suspension of the rule principa'
and teachers may promote the interests of
the Mayday benefit.
The reorganized board for examining ap
plicants for teachers' certificates consist
of the Superintendent, chairman; Deputy
Superintendent W. D. Kingsbury, secre
tary.. and Deputy Superintendent L. A.
Jordan.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, fgFSuJg.
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO.; at tta ORE EN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal tn thm
market. Ctfflc* and Tard»-4M Mala itrMC
Educational Orders.
At the regular meeting of the Board of
Education held March 14 it was ordered
that in view of the contemplated. exhibit
of school exercises and benefit to retlrtd
MOUNT TAMALPfiIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sauaallto Ferry. ¦
Week Days »:» a. m. acd 1:45 p. m,
Sundays..... 8:00, 10:00 a. m. and 1:46 p. m.
- ' Bteaun-hemted. cloeed ear on all trains. - -
Faro Baa Vraadaco to Buaualt aad lutara.
ll*-.. ...
Dies at the Receiving Hospital.
Martin Mulane, / 419 Harriet street,* died
yesterday; at i the . Receiving ; Hospital, to
which *; he ? had been . removed Saturday,'
presumably of pneumonia. The body was
removed to the Morgue. : . \*
Brutal Negro Shot.
COLUMBUS. Ga., March IS.-^Charles
Humphreys, a negro, who late last night
entered the room of Miss McCoy, daugh
ter of a white farmer, living Just outside
of Phoenix City, Ala., was lynched to-day
by a party of white men. He confessed
and was ehot to death. -*-
Discharged Veterans.
The executive committee of the Vet
erans of the Civil War Association held
a- meeting 1 last nigrht ' to ! take action on
the charges ¦••' of discrimination .against
veterans at Mare Island and also upon a
letter received from President McKinley
regarding veterans - discharged • without
cause. The administration: desires a list
of all veterans discharged without cause
or on political grounds and Secretary Sav
age made a last request' that the same be
furnished at- once, - together with the
names, addresses and the positions the
discharged men occupied. .
The committee will < demand that any
Investigation ordered shall be held in this
city. •:. ... ' - .- ¦ - -..;¦•.: ;. : - ¦•- .¦; \..'l
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS
SPEAKS ON EVOLUTION
Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills last night de
livered in Metropolitan Temple the first
of a series of Sunday ethical lectures un
der the auspices of the Sunday Lecture
Association.
The title of Rev. Mr. Mills' address was,
"The Germs of a Greater Religion." The
lecture was practically a dissertation and
indorsement of the theory of evolution,
and was listened to with great attention
by an audience that taxed the seating ca
pacity of the temple.
The speaker began by saying he did not
wish any one to think that he was speak
ing of religion in Us narrow sense. By
that he meant that he was no believer In
sect.
"There is," said he, "no such thing as
this religion and that religion. There is
but one religion, as there Is but one ocean.
But there are epochs of religion, as there
have been epochs of scientific thought."
He then went on to say that a new idea
had been received; a new term given to
religion; a fulcrum offered humanity on
which humanity might plant its levers and
raise the world. That term, that fulcrum,
the speaker said, was evolution.
MISS VAIL DE VERNON
SCORES A GREAT HIT
Talented Actress Is Well Received
Miladi in the "Three
Musketeers."
As charming and talented an actress as
has been seen here this season is the beau
tiful Vail de Verrion," whose clever: por
trayal of Mlladi in "The Three i: Mus
keteers" made such a favorable Impres
sion on the many who attended: the pcr T
formance at the Alhambra yesterday. Al
though new to the Pacific Coast. Mis*, de
Vernon is a warm favorite in the large
Eastern cities, where one has appeared
with Daly's and Frohman's leading com
panies. Five years ago she made her pro
fessional debut under; the coaching ¦ and
management-of the late Augustin- Daly.
Miss de Vernon remained with the "latter
until his death and then joined the Froh
man forces, with whom she remained until
offered the leading part in the present pro
duction of 4i The Three* Musketeers" by
Manager Stair. 1 •'.. }-¦¦ •'. , , ,_, ¦
Miss de Vernon 'is. an ideal Mlladi and
plays the ' difficult part with a fire \ nn<l
vehemence. that Is marvelous. Her acting
In ' the dagger scene :ls a revelation," ana
caused unbounded enthusiasm at both per
formances yesterday. Her costumes are
wonderful creations and are well In keep
ing with the magnificence with which the
entire production is put on.
The star ¦ in . the present - attraction ia
Harry : Glazier, who was with Salvlnl Jln
the latter'a original - production of "The
Three » Musketeers" -at - New, <York. ; The
supporting f company la ; exceptionally
strong and contains many actors of con
siderable prominence.
ANNUAL PURIM BALL
AT ODD FELLOWS' HALL
Costumes of Every Description Make
a Pretty Seene — Floor Crowded
With Maskers.
Crowded with maskers and revelers
•was the Odd Fellows* Hall last night. The
observance of Purim. the Jewish festival,
when the "rich are as the poor and the
poor are as the rich," was the occasion.
The annual masquerade ball which
marks the opening of Purim was given
this voar under in* auspices of Chevra
ShaaiV Ucfooah. The Krand inarch set
lor half past S was a half houV late In
i-tanlng on account of the number of
couples in litif. Aftor some clever and
serpentine figures there was a general
waltz and the ball was on in earnest .
Th'-rc were costumes of every conceiv
able character . From the ordinary domi
no to the fancy dress affair they ran a
pamut of coior and form creation. The
dancing continued until a very late hour,
when hanrfFome prizes were distributed.
NEW EASTMAN
BROWNIE
? 'M. m. \^- mJt la Js. m. •
A PERFECT INSTRUMENT.
$1.00.
OPTICIANS PHOTOC^ pt £ c^J W-^W -^
642 Market st. iHSTRUHEKTa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. »
'r«ta SIH r&HCISCO-rMt of Mirkat Street (Sii? 3)—
•7:10 0:00 ll;00i.«. 11:13 *2:53 UM,
•i:O3 16:33 •C-C3r.ii.
.'rtmO»lU»3— r»»l«fßrMi»»T.— *«^o 8:00 IOKWs.II.
tW^OO -1:03 t2:00 *3:C3 tI:C3 »6^orjl.
COAST DIVISION <sarroir «aogf).
(Foot of Market Street.)
SLAPS AN USHER IN
ST. IGNATIUS CHURCH
Miss Eliza Neuman Acts Queerly
During Mass and Is Removed
by the Police.
Devotions of the congregation at the 9:3Q
mass at St. Ignatius Church yesterday
morning were badly interrupted by the pe
culiar actions of Miss Eliza Neuman, re
siding at C5O GroVe street. The young lady
began acting queerly in the early part of
the service, standing up in the pew she oc
cupied, removing her hat and throwing it
up the aisle.
One of the ushers of tho church polite
ly requested her to withdraw, but she de
clined to do so. On his repeating the sug
gestion she slapped him in the face. She
was then forcibly removed and turned
over to the police. She was placed in a
padded cell at the Receiving Hospital and
her step-brother, Charles Kiernan, was
notified of her condition.
Mr. Kiernan said Miss Xeuraan was of
unsound mind and had been so for sev
eral years. He will, on behalf of the
family, request that she be confined In an
asylum, as she becomes violent at times.
OnJy recently she struck her aged mother,
Mrs. Ellen Kiernan, a violent blow on the
head. The young lady Is a talented
musician, being an export on the violin
and is also a fine vocalist.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN EY. CO.
IjBSSBIS>
SAR FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Firry. Foot of Market St
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, »:00. 11:00 a. m.; IJ:SS,
I:3d, 5:10. «:S0 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
I at 11:30 p. m. 6aturdaTS— Extra, trip* at 1:SI
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYB— B:OO, t:3O, 11:00 a. m.; l:S0. !:»,
i:00, (:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:1I>, 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 11:45,
. 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS-8:10. 1:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:4% 1:40, fM,
•:25 p. m
Between San Francisco and Schncisen Park
aama achedul* as above. ," . ' ... ;
Leavu ' Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
1 October 15, ¦
"Week Bun- 18W. Bun- We«k
Days. days. - Destination. days. Day*.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 1:40 an
1:30 pm 9:80 am Petaluma. *:06 pm 10:35 ara
• :10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Roe*. 7:86 pm t :22 pn»
Fulton.
T:80 am Windsor, 10:23 am
* Bealdsburc,
Lytton,
Geyaervllle,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:BS pm 1:23 pa
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running" and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connectino Tkaix Leaves San Fr ancisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving: la Chicago' at 2:15
P.n la time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
FYddfcc p. ni. with Palace and Tourist
•iMiiv cars for Kansas City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicag^and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tatars da An
and Baker&field. '¦ KVAU.
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 63
•FDISrO <OON Market Street, Phone Main
TKISCU auurt IS3I . Oakland, 1118 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street,
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
A WORD FOR THE BOER
FROM A LOCAL PULPIT
Rev. 11. F. Shepard preached yesterday
in the Olivet Congregational Church on
the Boer war. In part he said:
Our recent conflict with Spain and the con
flict of the Boers with England are events of
national destiny In behalf of republican liberty.
My position in reference to the Philippines is
too well known to need reiteration, and I bei?
leave to differ from an apparently English dally
of this city and to find no inconsistency In the
view of friends of the present administration of
the United States who are likewise friends of
the Boers.
England's fame would be far fairer In the
wcrld to-day if she would honestly own that
under the Influence of a false capitalist and of
a suborned prime minister her policy is that
mipht gives right; and silence of her subjects
becomes connivance and partnership In crime.
Boasted motives of equality and of civiliza
tion needed no war; and progress and edu
cation could have won wisely and well In
peace. The Boers are rt-W and Britain Is
wrong. Sophistry of selfishness and subterfuge
of conquest cannot hide this fact.
The physical health of the Boer Is proof of
his moral livine. Marksmen that have no
equals are not degenerates. A simple pastoral
life that is innocent of urban sin shames
the traducer that calls the Boer low and vile.
The Boers may be helped in America if no
stone Is left unturned to create truthful senti
ment. English/writers are doing their best to
shape our opinion in Britain's behalf. We ad
mit the ties that bind us to England, but no
bond that is sealed by Injustice and falsehood
is worth Its co«t. American lntelllsence does
not IJfelieve England should win. England has
no divine commission »o civilize the world by
the "dum-dum" and the "lon sr Tom." England
may win, but the Modder River is better for the
Boers than moral defeat. Right is Invincible.
England Is doomed to be her own Xemesls If
her policy Is not changed.
The time Is opportune for International heart
searching^. Our own escutcheon Is marred and
stained; witneFS the Indian, the negro and the
Spanish pioneer of California. Force has acci
dental value in struggling for freedom, and
with prayer for success of the Boer arms, we
join petition for Britain's awakening to reason
and to love. Humanity's victories In love are
final.
BURR McINTOSH
AS PUDD'NHEAD
THE performance of "Pudd'nhead
Wilson" at the California last night
was a treat. The play is old, but It
Is as Interest.ne as it was when
new; it is not great, but It comes no
ticeably near being so. As a dramatic
entertainment it Is agreeable, enjoyaoie,
admirable. Its yester atmosphere and
p.w^uresqueness are charming qualities
and yet It must be granted they would
not alone make it as fascinating as It is
without the conslstantly artistic treat
ment that it is given by the clever com
pany.
This company came to us quite unher
alded, but it turns out to be one of uni
form excellence with here and there an
accent, a touch of unusual merit that adds
greatly to the enjoyment of the perform
ance. Mr. Burr Mclntosh made his first
appearance here in the part of Pudd'n
head and in a quiet way made an impres
sion that took hold of the audience in the
first act and sank in with each act that
followed. * -
His ability has been a matter of accept
ance in the East amounting at least to a
"reputation," If not exactly to fame, and
some interest attaches to his personality
by reason of his achievements as an ath
lete, a student, a war correspondent and
what not. .
As an actor he is certainly to be reck
oned with, for, although he has been
playing Pudd'nhead but far a short time,
he has a grasp on the subtleties of the
part that is quite remarkable. His char
acterization is almost thorough and prom
ises much to come with use.
His reserve is admirable, unaffected,
genuine, and results in an effectiverosj
that carries conviction with it and com
passes the spell that betrays the real actor
and the true artist. There is something ii>
the Herculean physique of Mr. Mclntoah
that hints at nerolc possibilities, and al
though his picture of the simple soul of
Puda'nhead defies penetration to the man
beneath, yet one instinctively feels that
there is force and versatility under thu
disguise. .
Miss Nina Morris gives .an interesting
and vital picture of Roxy, acting with
discretion and effect. The. part of Tom
Driscoll as taken by Frank Campeau haa
all the necessary nastiness, though he la
perhaps too much the modern "mucker '
and there is the air of the cheap red melo
drama in his impersonation.
Opposite the repellant character of Tom
Driscoll, Manifee Johnstone acts Cham
bers strongly and well. Edwin Nalod has
poise as the Southern magistrate, and
Macey Harlam in a small part seem 3 to
be a clever actor. The Rowey of Miss
Mayo is prettily treated, and a long ilst of
small parts are more than acceptably
done. PORTER GARNETT.
• • •
"Because She Loved Him So" will play
out the week at the Columbia. Willie Col
lier will follow in "Mr. Smooth," a farce
of which he is the author. '
The bill at the Alcazar this week is
"Diplomacy," with Mary' Hampton as
Countess Zicka.
The Tivoli continues to break records
with the enormously popular "Idol's Eye."
On Monday, March 26, "Manila Bound."
"The Grand Duchess" will , be given for
the present week at the Grand Opera
house. . ¦ • , " , ...
At the Orpheum an absolutely new bill
is presented. Walter Jones and Norma
Whalley head the list, with the Missm
McCoy and Sam Marion. W. C. Fic'.ds,
Weston and -Yost, the Nielsen sisters and
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Drew.
Fischer's Concert House .will open this
evening with a strong musical :¦ pro
gramme by Hinrlch3' Orchestra and the
Lambardl Opera Company Quartet, Signor
G Badaracco, Mme. Barduccl, Lya Pol
lettlnl and Signor Vargas.^ n
The sale of seats for Paderewski will
begin on Thursday morning at the Cali
fornia Theater. The concerts will take
place Monday night, March 26; Wednesday
afternoon, March 28; Friday afternoon,
March 30, and Monday afternoon. April 2.
The orchestral concert, at which Mr
Damrosch will conduct and Mme. Gadskl
and Mr. Blspham sing, will take place to
morrow afternoon at the Grand Opera
house at 3:15 o'clock. The programme is
as follows:
Overture "Tannhauser" (Wapner), orchestra;
(a) "Bllck Ich Umher" (Wagner), (b) "Abend
stern" (Wagner). Mr. Blspham; aria, "Ocean.
Thou Mighty .Monster" (Weber), Madame
Gadskl; symphony No. 6 (Beethoven), (a) An
dante. (b> * Finale, orchestra;' "Rhapsodle
Hongroise" (Liszt), orchestra; songs, (a) "Yon
Ewlger Lleber" r Brahms), (b) . "Serenade"
(Schubert) (c) "Wldmung" (Schumann). Mr.
Bispham; prelude, "Lohengrin" (Wagner), or
chestra; "Elsa's Dream," from "Lohengrin
(Wagner), Madame Gadskl; "March Slave"
(Tschaikowsky). orchestra.
VICTORIA'S DECISION
PLEASES THE POPE
Queen Congratulated Upon Her In
tention to Visit the Emerald
Isle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. March 19.— The Sun has
the following from Rome: The Pope has
telegraphed congratulations to the Queen
on her decision to visit Ireland, and ex
pressing the hope that discord may De for
ever removed. His Holiness has tele
praphed in a similar sense to Cardinal
Vaughan, Archbishop of Westminster,
and the Most Rev. William J. Walsn.
Archbishop of Dublin and Primate of Ire
land. !
ACTION DELAYED ON
LEX HEINZE BILL
Much Adverse Comment on the Pecu
liar Actions of Count Posa
dowski-Wehner,
BERLIN. March IS.— The so-called "Lex
Heinze," whose third reading was not fin
ished last evening, will not be taken up
until the Reichstag majority has changed
the rules of procedure requiring the fifty
members who move any resolutions to re
main in the house during the vote upon
it, thus rendering impossible the sort of
obstruction that was practiced, last week.
The Easter adjournment will come with
the beginning of April. The Pope's wish,
expressed to the Centrist leaders, that
they should vote for the naval augmenta
tion bill, has not had the expected result.
The miscarriage thus far of the Govern
ment's meat inspection bill, is delaying
the third reading until after Easter. Tho
Government meanwhile hopes to effect a
compromise. ¦' '"til"'
The situation Is largely due to . the
treacherous activity of Count Posadow
ski-Wehner. Against Prince yon Hohen
lohe's definite instructions and also
against a previous agreement Into which
all the members of the cabinet entered,
Count Posadowski-Wehner raised false
hopes among the Agrarians and pledged
them his word that the extreme form of
the bill, as the second reading fixed it,
would be acceptable to the Bundesrath.
Consequently the Agrarians feel that
they have been unfairly treated and the
relations between Prince yon Hohenlohe
and the Count are very much strained.
Possibly Baron yon Thielmann. who is
thoroughly in accord with the Chancellor,
will soon succeed the Imperial Secretary
of State for the Interior.
To-day's papers vigorously comment
upon yesterday's proceedings in the
Reichstag, which, for vituperation, noise
and unscrupulous obstruction, are without
parallel in the history of that body. The
fact is also criticized that the Chancellor's
son Prince Alexander, spoke in vigorous
condemnation of the entire "Lex Heinze,"
as proposed by the Government.
WHY OTIS FAILED TO
MENTION WHEELER
War Department Omcial Explains
the Seeming Injustice to the
General.
.DALLAS. Tex., March 18.— M. B. Davis,
who served with General Wheeler In the
Confederate army, recently wrote to the
War Department concerning /the reports
that General Otis had intentionally Ig
nored mentioning General Wheeler in his
reports concerning the fighting in the
Philippines. Mr. Davis to-day received
a long reply from John A. Johnston, as
sistant adjutant general, In which ,he
says:
"It has not been usual for General Otis
to cable to this department the particular
service of individual officers unless they
were operating independently. General
Wheeler's brigade was attached to Gen
eral Mac Arthur's division. General Mac-
Arthur was the commander, and all oper
ations in which this brigade participated,
so far as the department has been ad
vised, were personally conducted by Gen
eral Mac Arthur."
The letter then names engagements In
four campaigns from September 9 to No
vember 11, in which General Wheeler's
brigade was In action, and concludes:
"Xo official reports of these engage
ments in which the special performance
of brigade commanders are likely to have
been mentioned have as yet been received
at this department."
Decision for Wilson.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEWMAN, March 18.— The newly or
ganized West Side Athletic . Association
gave its initial boxing contest last night.
After several preliminary events a
twenty-round bout between "Silver" Wil
son and Alf Weddle. local lightweights,
was called. R. Trcfts actfed as referee.
Both men appeared in good condition, but
from the start Wilson s blows were the
more effective. In the fourth round Wed
dle claimed a foul. The referee decided
against him and he left the ring and the
decision was given Wilson, very little
money changed hands on the contest.
¦ . ? . , .
A New Columbarium.
Plans on a monumental scale are helng
elaborated by B. J. 8. Cahlll, the architect
of. the Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
for the large netv Columbarium which
that Institution intends erecting, in the
near future. Somewhere between $100,000
and $150,000 will be spent on the building.
It will be connected with the old Colum
barium by an arcade, and when complete
the two buildings will form an archi
tectural ensemble of unique ? beauty and
interest. " The reason ' for commencing: ' a
new building so soon after the completion
of the old one Is the growing demand for
niche space of an expensive character, of
which little or none Is now. for sale Jn the
"old" bulldlne. which, by the way, was
completed only a couple of years ago.
ADVEBTISEKENTS.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
...FTOR...
Nome. St. Michael, Dawson
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
rROM BAN FRANCISCO ~ 8. 8. "FORTTiAiny'.. April M. !*»
FROM SEATTLE 8. B. "DORA" April SO. MM
...OMBAN FRANCISCO 8. S. "RAINIER" Kay IX I**
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM BAN FRANCISCO :...... S. S. "ST. PATJW May tSt*
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sltka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodlak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM SEATTLE 8. 8. "BERTHA." commesctajC April Sth
AND MONTHLY THEREAFTER.
For .n#w foidera. maps aad further particulars as to frelrht and pansaee, apply to ALAS-
KA COMIIERCIALi COMPANT. »10 Sansom* street. Ban Francisco. CaL
For Eaattl* sailiass apply to CAPT. JAS. CARROLL. Mutual Llf* Building:. Seattla.TTaah.
for them." he replied. "It was Impulse
which led me to try my best to capture
at least one of them. The others were
too fast, and I didn't stand much chance
with them. They were in too strong
force. I thought by getting downstairs
I would be in better position to give
battle. They had. locked themselves in
the bedroom, and as I didn't have a pis
tol there wasn't much opportunity there
to land them." * - -
When the burglars hastened downstairs
Price was ready to: meet them, but the
sudden display of .pistols disconcerted
him for a second. The three piled over
him to get out, and succeeded in reaching
the street after their attack in force. The
two men who escaped ran away together,
so Price singled out their lone compan
ion. Patterson admitted to the police he
had been in the house and that he had
been knocked out by Price's poker.
After the excitement was over Price
found his visitors had ransacked the
house thoroughly, had packed a lot of
valuables, and from appearances were
preparing to leave with their plunder
when he surprised them. They had pulled
beds to pieces, gone into bureau drawers
and upset every article of furniture
which might have been the hiding place
of jewelry, money or other valuables. In
the hasty examination made this evening
no property seemed to be missing. The
family will look more closely to-morrow.
The detectives are satisfied the burglars
knew what they were doing and were
familiar with the habits of the occupants
of the dwelling.
W. H. Price's Sensational Battle in Which, With a Most Primitive
Weapon, He Captures One Daring Housebreaker and
Drives Two More to Precipitate Flight.
ARMED ONLY WITH A POKER,
ONE MAN ROUTS THREE BURGLARS
BERKELEY AT
THE MERCY OF
THE RAILROAD
People Struggling to Have
the City Properly Rec
ognized.
BERKELEY, March IS.— The people of
two sections of Berkeley are struggling
against two railroad injustices. At South
Berkeley the residents and merchants ar»
trying to have the gates on the east sido
of the local trains opened and at West
Berkeley the residents and merchants ara
trying to have some of the main Una
trains stop for the receipt and dischargo
of passengers. »
The residents of South Berkeley, par
ticularly those who travel back and forth
on the local trains, will begin the circula
tion of a petition to the Southern Pacific
Company this week making the request
that one set of gates on the east side of
the local trains be opened at stations.
The residents of this section have appeal
ed to the Board of Trustees, who offi
cially communicated with the railroad,
but without success. Now the residents
are going to take the matter in their own
hands and will deal directly with the rail
road company.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 19, 1900.
at Nome, January 5, which shows that
Nome lsi.no short-lived placer scramble,
but a rich mining region that will build
up from year to year as development in
creases. He mentions several large enter
prises that are under way there, nolablv
a railway, which is being built from Port
Safety, thirty-five miles below, to Port
Clarence, seventy-five miles above.
He says: "The company intends to tun
nel Bering Sea and run down the coa.s*
far enough to have a winter harbor. ThU
place Is not a one-year stand, but Bering
Sea will be the Baltic of the Pacific. onU
mining towns will dot its shores for 200
miles. It is difficult for one not here to
realize what the outlook is."
ANGRY MOB SEEKS
TO LYNCH A NEGRO
Breaks Into Jail to Secure Him, but
Officers Smuggle the Prisoner
Away.
JOPLIN, Mo., March 18.— At 11 o'clock
to-night a mob of nearly 2000 dtlzen3 sur
rounded the city Jail and demanded a
negro who had been arrested in the even-
Ing for assaulting a 7-year-old white girl.
"When the officers refused to surrender
him the mob broke the jail office windows
and crowded Into the office. During the
excitement the lights were turned out and
the negro was smuggled from the building
and started for Carthage, ten miles dis
tant. The mob later learned that the/
had been fooled, and started after mid
night for Carthage, bent on lynching the
culprit. ¦ .;.
Rain at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, March IS.-Rain com
menced falling: here to-nlprht at mldnlsrht.
but lightly. The sky looks threatening,
however.
REID WILL SPEAK TO
BERKELEY STUDENTS
HON. WHITELAW REID.
HEXT Friday Whltclaw Reid will address the students of the State Uni
versity. Friday is charter day, an occasion when all good students
g-ather to celebrate the college Fourth of July— its birthday. Cere
monies more or less imposing' and solemn are always held, but this year
special preparations are being made and for a central attraction Whltelaw
Reid has been booked to speak.
His subject will be a general one. It will be upon the national questions of
the day, or some prominent phase of them. It will not be an argument for
any thing in particular, but it will be an exposition of present situations.
Mr. Reid is now at Millbrae, where he is the guest of his father-in-law, D.
O. Mills. He has agreed to Fpeak to the students on charter day at the
earnest request of President Wheeler.
The charter day exercises will be held at the university, probably in the
gymnasium.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
L&^£j*<v~|jS\ There is no
Lp/jfewJ lence of the best ¦
IJfflnriJjn European cocoas H
IM^lfui) than one-half the
cost is an achieve-
R^B^Fy ment we are proud
\ _Ht H| 50 cups — SO cts.
P^B^^jl ASK TOUR GROCER.
L&i^Bl^r D- QHIRARDELLI CO.
lbatb — Fito* FrascAitY 2\ 1300. — akmt*
*7:OOa Braids. Snisnn, Elmira. VacaTCle,
Ramsey ami Sacramento *7»t3y
•TiOOa. Shasta Express— DiTia, Willows.
Eevl Bluff. PorUand *7»4as»
•7:S»a Martinez, HanKamon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistpga and Santa Eosa *«:13*>
•8:30 a The OrerlanclLi'nlted— Ogden, Den-
ter, Omaha, Chicago •3»IS»
•>i3Oa Sau Jose. liTecmore, fttoekton,
love, Baeramento. PUcerrille,
JI»rT»»UK Chlco, KeaJlltttf *iil3»>
•«il»\ •Milton, OakiUle.bonora. Carters... "ItlSp
«.».-<»Oa Hajwanls. Nilc.iaml Way Stations. # 11:43 a
*«>OOa Dt»L«. Woodland, Knights Landing
MarysTille, Orofllle. •7sf3y
•»s<N>» Atlantis Kxpress— Offden and East #< J:43a
»O:OO a Martinez, Tracy. Latlircp. Stockton,
Merced and Fresno. •l*U9r
•9>OOa Port Costs, Kresno, MoJ»»9 ami Los
Aukslc* ••¦AST
• I«:O«» \ Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations *o*a3»
•lIsOOa Niles. LNermore, Stockton, Hacra-
m:nto. Mewlota, Hanford. Visalia,
PcrterTlUe M.ISj"
•1 «>OIW Uaywards, Nllrs and Way Stations. »at43p
1 1 tOO i» Sacramento Ki»er Stesmers , t*:OOr
•3:OOr Uaywards, NUes and Way Stations. *3: 13 p
•*:»oir Martinez. Hail ILtinon, Vallejo.
Napa, Calistogn. SauU Rosa •»i*»*
MiOOr Draicls, VacaTille, Maernmento,
Woo.llaiul. Knlehtt LaixUnc.
Marys»i!le, Orotillo •fi4!tA.
•4i3OpNllea. San Joseaud Stockton •I'ttSV
•3iOOrTb«» Owl limited- Tracy. Fresno. _
lUkenfleld.Hangnsfor»anUEu. •"
bars, Urn Angeles •10:43*.
o3:OOrSassetlin:ited-ElPuo, Xcv Or-
leans and Eait "'J*^?*
•3t3or Stockton. Meiecil. Fresno •12U3r
•5::»Oi- Viesiio, llatceratleM, Sauta Raihara,
Los Angeles, Deming, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and East *Si43a
•lilOr H.nti Fa JUmle— Atlaullo Express
for Mola*a ami JCa.it f MJ?
•OsOOp Ilaywiuda, Niles and Han Jose *7i4.i*.
4S:3Ur Vallejo •1»»I3»>
•Ct3»r Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Oaabs, Chlcngo • ••*•**
•OiSOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Dearer.
Omaha, Chicaco. *4:1»»
l7>O«r Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Bta>
tious }»i33si
•SiO3r Oregon and California ISipr*m.Nac-
rninnntn. MarysTille. I(s<l\!lii<r,
furtlan.l. Tin-* Hound ami Kast »*«»»»,
*»: I a a. Newark. Cm ter*Ul*,haaJo«e,Felton.
I3onl(lerCrcek,BauUCrazaiid Way
Stations ¦» *3tM*
t2«I»F Kewark, Center* Me, San Jose, New
AlmskleD, FeltoD. nonlder Creek;
Baata Cnn aad Principal Way
StaUoos *»•*»•*
¦ I:l. tp Newark. Han Jose, Lea Gaioa. *9>3*A
'.1 1 :lOi- Hunters' Rxecntcn. Han Jose aad -
Way Hta:loos J7»8«»
7:Soam| IHcpland and I I
-r|B:oOam| Uklah. | 7:35 pm| «:g pm
t-I.IOA Oceau View, South Han Francisco.. !•»••»
*7iOi»« Mail Jom ami Wsy Stations (New
Almvleu \Vedi>«»J«!toul7> a liSt»
•Oi«o* Nan J«s«. Tf«s rinos. Hanta Oros. .
faeida Urote. l'aao Nobles, Sao
J.nU Olilsro. Bmf, Lompoo and
Principal W A Buttons .» Mil»s>
•I Oi«o, Han Jon anil Way hUtinn5.. ....... •0»a»4
•I liU«* Kan Jnao ami Way Stations »S«aO»
t Vi-Isr Bail Matrn, ltedwootl, Maolo Park,
J'aio Alto. BanU Clara, San Jose,
Tres Pinos. Hants Cruz. Salisaa,
Montrrry »<>.! Paelflo Grove fltt:MA
f:is!tar*an Jose and Way Stations *7sa©r
f liiarkuiJoseaml Principal Way B tattoos •«:«*.
t3:iX>rS*n Joso and Principal Way Stations tOsOOA.
*.li3l»rBauJ»saaiitl Principal Way Statious *Bi33a.
•di.iop Ban Joss tui.l Way Stations tStOO*.
!)11:43r San Joso awl Way Stations •7»30r
7:30 am I I 10:23 am
8:00 am GuerneriUat. I T:J3 pm
1:30 pm I I 1:22 pm
A for Morning 1* for Afternoon.
* Sail/. t Hiiml«r excepte^. J buud» J only. .
6 Saturday inly,
a Taesdiys and Trldajs c Tbnradayi and Sunday*.
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 1:15 am t:4oaza
and I
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Biles. | t:O6 pm 1:22 pm
T:W ami 8:40 am! Sebastopol. 110:40 am 110:25 am
S:3O pm[ 5:00 pmj ' - | 7:33 pmj 6:22 pm
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and ; Price Lists Mali 9 X
on Application.
COAL, COKB AND PICI IROX .
j. c wilson & m-rZ^n^^.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, SupC H. BLYTH, Mgr.
C W CHITH Ship ' Plumbing. *, Steamboat
W- W • Oail 10) and Ship Work a Specialty. II
and 18 Washington st. Telephone Main H41. ,
FRESH ; AND S AtT ; MEATS. !
liC - RAVFC *CH Shipping Butchers. -104
JA> fiUlfcjttUJ-i clay. Tel. Mala UK
Btaajes connect «t Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Qeyservllle for Pkagrgs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Qeyners; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland . Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. . Blue Lakes,' Laurel
Pell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's.. Riverside. LJerley's.
Buckneir*. Pannedrin Heights, Ilullvllle. Orr'a
Hot • Springs, - Mendoctno . City, Fort . Brajrz.
Westport, Usal, ¦Wlllltts. Laytonvtlln. Cum-
mlng's. .- Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer.
Bcotla and Eureka. . .^<VjHJt"Wri» i ijj> s imh|T tjgtn ¦ j*^
'' Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced-rates. '< : ¦ . • -.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. 'XlnsaJnaT«l*
Ticket Offices (50 Market st.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,.
-. General Manager. •• Gen. Pas*. Agent.
PAPBR DBAX.BRS.
Wif I 1 MFTTP PUl*** AMD PAPER CO..
nILLAfnCIIE ? .723 Montgomery at.
, PRINTING .
ivc: HUMES.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saosallto Perry.
Commencing October 1. ISM.
FROM SAN* FRANCICCO TO MILK. VALUE*
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-TrOO. »9:30, 11:0* a. m.; 1:43^
•1:40. 6:X5. «:«0. i:3O d. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill VaJlty and San R*»
fasl. on Monday*. Wednetdara and Saturdajv
at »:00 and ll:S0 d. m.
SUNDATS— *S:Oft, •H>:00. »11:39 a. m.; K^
»;15. »4:45. •:*>. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Qaentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO»3AN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:£>. *«:35. 7:45. *9:40 a. m-|
•12:S0, 2:15, M:4O, *S:U p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednt«dajrs an 4
Saturday* at 1:40 and 10:15 d. m. -
BUNDAYS— 4:2O. •S:*). 10:00. 11:43 a. m.|
•1:40. •3:15. 4:45. •*:*> p. m.
Train* marked (•) start from San Quentln.
JTIOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO*
WEEK DAYB— B:4S. •:«. 7:55. »:« :a. m. t
U:S». *:». 3:45. -I:S0 p. m. _
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedn—ilay an 4
Saturdays at ?:CO and 10:30 P. n>- ¦ ¦--• -
SUNDAYS— B:OB. -10:05 a. m.; 13:05. 1:15, J:3i*
¦¦00 1:43 n "* * * '"¦***<lMlll ihFi T ii>"n-'
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:0O a. m. week days— Oazadera and war stations*
1-40 p.m. Saturdays— Totnales and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way stations.
J STATIONER "ANUVPRINTBH. >
T^S^ PARTRIDGE ?^£^
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 HEAB.IT ST. • Established
to 1894 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Loat Manhood. Debility or
dlnesM rearing oh body and mind and
Skin DlMMee. Thsdoctorcareawneu
others fall. Try him. Charger iow
C»re««raa\r»»jt»»d. CaJ lor write.
Dr. J. *•- WIBBOII. Sox 1937. 5a0 i'ranclaca
7WANTED— Experienced » furniture ; and : carpet
. salesman; ¦ state age, ', former employer, how
long employed," how long idle. ' Box 3063, Call.
FIRST-CLASS tailors wanted on lad lea*.! coat*.
GERMAN womaivcan cook and do housekeep-
ing, would -like position In small family --no
washing: no window cleaning. S2BH Tenths
WOMAN with a * child I wants ? a position- as
housekeeper: good cook and fine housekeeper
Call at 114 Hayes St.. between 11 and L-^ ¦'.
SITUATION wanted by. a woman to do house-
work: no objections to going a short distance
in country. . 23 Angelica St., off nineteenth.
GIRL 14 j-eara old would like to do light house-
work and -attend /children.- Address B/
PETERSON. Redwood : Citr. Cal. ' ...;-.-"
WAITRESS wanted. ' (39 Clay st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
CLAIRVOYA NT. card" reader" and pal mist. All
you seek to know answered, without ques-
tlons: readings this week. 25c and 60c. 126
O'Farrell st. • . ,
MOST learned palmist and clairvoyant medium;
business advice: readings, 25c 1581 'Market
st.. near Twelfth. . : "
MME. MOREAU. the best medium . and ¦ card
reader; 2Sc up. 73 Fourth st.,< near Mission.
MONEY vTO LOAN.
ANY amount at 8 per cent: Ist. 2d and 2d mort-
gages, undivided interest.. real estate in pro-
. bate; mortgages and. legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing guslness elee-
where. R. ¦ McCOLQAN.- 24 Montgomery, r. J.
DR. CON ANT'S Compound Vapor Bath-Purl-
fles the blood ; . destroys ; disease germs : pro-
. *«*«; cures; revitalises: saves life »nd doctor
bills: outfits for sale: agents wanted: s»nd for
| booklet. ANIDROSI3. 47 Post st.; S. F.. Cal.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged,' half
'; price."- 662 Mission. st... bet. Ist and 2d sts.',?^
WANTED— First-class hand for counter and to
take orders. -..Grocer, .box 3083,- Call office.
MEDICATED i. BATHS.
SECOND-HAND fireproof jafe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
c « t.-i.-^ ne w and second hand, all sizes. TUB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers; plaf*4;
almoVt new; cheap. 1115 Mission st.. near 15th.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: I
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
¦ROTL.FRS engines, drill presses, planes, lathes,
fron * wood: 2d-h»nd. J. BURKE. 139 Beaja.
MRS. DR. KOHL, : ladles' ! specialist-Guar-
anteed treatment at -office, • $3: safs. and re-
liable: consultation free.': hjj Markeftst.. bet
Mason and -Taylor;' hours 9 a,"m.-to 5 p. m.
DR. and MRS.* DA VIES. .1228 Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed: treatment. $5.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market. ladies' spedal-
Ist; guaranteed, treatment -at office. $5; safe
and r«?Hable' r consultation free;. hours 10 to 8.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St.. the eminent
female specialist: home or office. treatment $3.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist Ills Market
st.; every case guaranteed: $5 up.* -
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
in confinement. ; 1318 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG • HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of tha human body... 115 Mason st. -
COOK, $30: 2 second girls, $25 each; mother and
daughter. $45; boarding house cook, $30: wait-
ress, $20; chambermaid, $15; '2 nursegirls, $20
and $15. MRS. I NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
COMPETENT waitress and parlor . maid; ref-
erences required. MRS. LAMBERT, 418
Powell st. ¦ . ¦'. ¦',-¦' ¦
spiritualism:
ATTENTioNTTrrrrrrrrTr."^ ..„.; removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Tfce World's Moat Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
- to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
,To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all rkln diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of tha whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands hay« been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation .by mail is
always successful and satisfactory, and all
correspondence is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 10(1
Seventh aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
¦ret off at Clinton Station. 2d station from
Br^siiwsT-. . - -¦-.' ' •
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
AN English middle-aged woman; good cook and
houseworker; $15 to $20. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st.
SWEDISH houseglrl: strong and willing; $15.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced ta
$100; concert record?. $2 50. BACIGALUPL
LOST AND FOUND.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad, thoroughly taught
by PROF. MKRKI. 1008 Mission; violin. guitar.
3 OR 4 room cottage or flat wanted,' with yard:
rent $10 to $12; north of market. _ Address box
FOR sale at a bargain— 2B-ton schooner yacht
with fixtures and fittings complete: In flxst-
class condition. For particulars addreas box
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
BATH CABINETS TIIEIIMAL.
ROBINSON $5 4-panel folding: see It before
buying. W. B. BROWN. Coast Art.. 426 Ellla.
FURNISHED house to let la Western Addition;
9 rooms; sun all day. Address for particulars
box 2095. Call office.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. 8. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.: new SO-paire catalogue free.
BOOKKEEPING as It is done; superior poet-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR.
expert accountant. Flood building. _
EDUCATIONAL.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty: private:
no fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
PARISIAN dressmaking. SB7 Geary at.; dre«ses
made. $5 up: dresses made over: perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng.pinklnr. 11l Post, over O'Connor A Moffat.
AGENTS WANTED.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
piKs by all druggists or at the dog hospital,
510 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR. HUAAHD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Adv|c and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: doers boarded. Tel. West (31.
GOOD opening for dry goods man; nice, light
store; fixtures complete and 4 rooms; rent
reasonable. N. E. cor. Third aye. and Cle-
ment ft.: Sutro cars pass the door.
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy St.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 first
rrlres; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class coachman;
best of references. Box 3053. Call.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
' without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
13 W) up: plates, extractions free; $4 50 up: of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p.* m. ; Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 269. F. m
and A. M. — The otflcers and members _J^
are requested to attend the funeral of Vjf
our deceased brother. WILLIAM FIL- f%r*
MiJR, TO-DAY (MONDAY). at 1:30 o'clock
p. m.. from the Masunio Temple, corner Post
aci Montgomery sts.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
$3500 WILL buy a good paying office and Im-
porting business that will pay at least $4000
per year; reason for selling, have to leave
the State on Important business; have $2000
worth of stock on hand; staple goods; half
cash and half in one year to the right party;
investigate and tee for yourself. Address
box 3012. Call office.
OPERATORS and finishers; gents' white shirts:
experienced hands.- Rogerson's, 835 Valencia.
FIRST-CLASS saleslady for silk waist depart-
ment; many years' experience required. A.
CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny st.
HSO-SALOON with 8 living rooma; fine trade.
Call at Liquor Dealers' Journal. 639 ft Cali-
fornia St.. room 1. ' ' _j
MONEY loaned on furniture, pianos, dia-
monds, etc. BRIDGES. 927 Market, room in.
ICSO— CORNER- saloon: north of Market et
Mclaughlin & co.. mvi Market st.
1230- PARTNER wanted: light, well-establish-
ed indoor business; will Day over $i 5 per
month each. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., <i7b
Market etreet.
at I*6 Kearny »t-. room 9. respectable prtvm,
A Jla2 E^rVW on toWe **
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davla 835.
OX furniture and pianos without removal; ; quick
service; money direct: lowest nterest Rooms
68 and 69rPono" ue building. 1170 Market at.
ON real estate, Ist or Ind mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
, lo™ 8 t rates. BECKER & C0..2S Montgomery.
LOANS to salaried people: personal security
only. TOCSLET. 3a Parrott building.
A-$:&0: ROADHOUSE and resort; fine place;
newly furnished: near Park. KREDO &. CO.,
22H Geary st.
GIRLS WANTED. „__
To work on shirts; beginners taught. I>evi
BTRAUSS 8l CO.. 36ft Fremont St.; elevator.
COLPEV G Commandery No. 16, K. -f- —
T.. Golden Oate J.ulMine. 625 gutter st. TEST
-SState.l assombly THIS .MONDAI) £*
KVKNING. at 6 o'clock. The order of <SO
the Temple will be conferred. All fra-
iprc are. courteously Invited.
.e.s, are c.urie^ g CAMpBELU E:n _ Com<
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
EAN FRANCISCO Consirtory No. 'JSX*]
l_Of fleers a nil members are re- |HBl
ouesied to assemble at the Ter- Bl_jßsl Ji
pie THIS (MONDAY) AFTER- EVffggVgl
NOON, March 1?. at 1:30 o'cli-ck, U2£it3|Sr7g
to attend tlie funeral cf Brother *~" !|J] •=
WILLIAM FILMKR. 'i»SKS
GEO. J. HOBE, Registrar. *"
THE members of the Paist Masters' As- »
»>i>c;ation. F. and A. M.. are requested _J\_
to a'lend the funeral of our late TCZT
brotlur. WILLIAM KILMER. P. M. of /V'
Kinc Solomon's Lodge No. 260. In King Solo-
mon's Hall. Masonic Temple, THIS DAY
(.MONDAY*. March 1?. at 1:39 o'clock p. m.
I'ETUR T. BARCLAY, Secretary.
S*N FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal *
Arch Masons, meets THIS (MONDAY) JV
EVENING. Business and EL A. de-JPJ?
gree. f^r *
WANTED— First-class ladles' >-¦ tailors at
-. SCHIMMEL & STOVER'S, 408 Sutter St.
FINISHER wanted on custom coats -and but-
tonholes. . 123 Russ : st •-'
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano fot
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. ins Market at.
MOST reliable - place to ¦ borrow on ' diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. ; W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old (old, silver, diamonds. . -
WANTED— Good' 'restaurant 'waitress; $6 a
-tweek. v.7. Taylor st. '-:-•:¦. ¦¦ .... .-. •-¦: . •..••' -.
COATMAKERS for the " country. .; J. BAUM-
'V.GARTEN-& CO.; 1 7 Montgomery, st.:* . :• ¦_ c
REFINED lady wishes light snnny room with
elderly, refined • couple ¦In exchange for t light
. housework. Address MISS E. L...70 Pond st.
CHESTER CARLETON. magnetic healer and
massage treatrat. U?2 Market, rms. 27 and 28.
NAPOLONAC Scientific Astrological Develop-
lng Circle. 222 Eddy st." to-night ; upstairs; 25c.
WANTED— Apprentice for dressmaking at 12%
:-.; Hayes nt".HJm£SSBStSSUmI&SStXHS9tB«SBSS^&i>s
GIRL for. bakery and coffee parlor; experienced
v only . need apply, at ' 127 Fifth ¦ st. --; ¦ • '. \;i .
H . I .°. HL . T « SD «et«ble • private ', place « to obtain
liberal advances on< diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. 1 Baldwin Jewelry Store.' M« Market
et.; tel. Main 1844. Branch 19 Third st.
WANTED— lnvestment > for " 810,000; ; will take
• first i mortgage 'on * first-class - property : prin-
cipals only. Box HoB,' Call office.; *
WANTED— Carriage painter at Bay ..View Car-
riage Worka,.San Rafael. • .. : _•¦¦
RELIABLE woman' wants place where she can
keep her baby, nine months old. MRS T
31 Zoe st: ¦ .. : ;-. -.-.'. -. '¦:¦ r:: ¦••-•• ¦,¦•-:--¦-'-
BUSINESS CHA.NCKS.
A— s3so; CIGAR store; clearing $4 dally; eplen-
did location: Market and East ets.; rent $12.
Call R. G. WILKE. W6 Market tt.
A— SCOO— SALOON and lunch house; established
many years and doing a good paying busl-
ne*a; rent ${0; i.»st location; close to Sutter
re; lcventlgate *t once; a rare chance. Call
R. G. WILJi'E, VX Market St.
11400 CORNER grocery store and bar, with 8
living rooma kitchen and cellar; rent 845;
place established for 30 years; next to tha
leading brewery of this city; a mint. Call
li. G. WILKE, SO6 Market et.. room 8.
A— sKo; COFFEE ealoon and restaurant; 1 block
!from corner Powell and Market ets.: rent $49;
daily receir-U $40; 1 living rooms. See R. G.
WILKE. >0S Market st.
A— s4:»o: SALOON, with I living rooms; rent
$27 50; Valencia St.; good business; bargain.
R. G. WILKE. ixXi Market st.
A— *so9: CORNER grocery and bar;- vicinity
Elxtb and Howard •**.; living rooms; good
buslneaa; cheap rent. Call It. G.. WILKE.
VH Market st.
A— ssoo; SALOON and lunchhouse; between fac-
tories and lumber-yards; dally receipts $15;
rent $20; a snap. R. G. WILKE. So< Market.
A— s27so; FIRST-CLASS paying corner grocery
end bar on Turk rt.: place established many
yearc; stock all fresh: geod horse and wagon;
€ living rooms; rent j;c. Call R. G. WILKE,
tO6 Market et.
k FINE stationery, candy and notion store,
worth $500. to exchange for house and -lot,
, or will pay difference. Box 3115. , Call office.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
BARBER'S chair and fixtures, complete, $15,
if sold to-day. 257 Third st.
WANTED— Vest . finishers, buttonhole makers
¦ and apprentices on custom work. 50? Kearny
St., room 2. , ¦;:¦-. '-.'.'¦ ¦ .¦-' ¦
WELL-EDUCATED and experienced young
nursegirl for boy 3 years old; must do sew-
ing. : 997 Golden Gate aye. "
REFINED French young lady wishes to go to
Paris as Interpreter, companion, ' governess,
etc.; able to teach French and -English; ref-
erences. Address box 3033, Call office. . : .
FIRST-CLASS housekeeper: . will go by the
day; is a fine laundress; can do any kind of
work; Is strong and willing; would engage
now: $1 and carfare. Please call at 78, Third
street. Tlie Eazle, room 5. -• < ¦
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in 8 weeks;
day and evening classes; special Inducement
this season; " handsome Illustrated catalogue
•nd souvenir free; only institution in th«
. world teaching the barber and halrdresslna-
trades. MOLER' B BARBER COLLEGE. 635
' , Clay st. Branches— San Francisco. New York,
St. Louis. Chicago, Minneapolis.
NEAT young girl to assist; $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. >--
GERMAN houseglrl; first-class cook; best ref-
erences. MRS. NORTON. 31S Slitter St.
A FINE suit. $10: dress pants, $2 75. BROWN
BROS. CLOTHING. 437 Montgomery st.
AUTOMATIC sewing machine: oak woodwork:
latest attachments: cheap. 14j Stxtn at.
STEAM launch: compound engtr.e -and Ward
boiler, pump, etc.: complete. SIS Mlaslon «t.
A 10-TON Fairbanks sca!e and flre and burs-
lar proof safe. 216 California st.
in ton pffT new rubber beltln*. half prtcw.
ROBT?BRAND * CO.. IT. Third St.. Oakland.
BOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
REGULAR $1 60 boys' shoes, all sizes 95 cts
Regular $1 2S ladies' oxford ties .£5 cts
Children's X.d. lace or button, sizes 8 to 11.75 c
People's Shoe Store. 13C3 Stktn. or. B'dway.
tOO PAIRS drummera' sample shoes at manu-
facturer's cost. J. ICohibecher. 145 Fourth at.
WAITRESS for San Mateo, $25, private family;
also waitress for city. $25, 4 in family. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. -.¦
OFFICE safe, new White sewing njacntne. dia-
mond pin; bargain. Box 3066. Call otflce.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
pt. : cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main SS4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CON KLIN" X Carpet-beating works. 338 Golden
Gate ave.r te'«nbnr<» Fnst 12«.
NURSERY governess; must understand Trend
or German; $30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought anfl exchanged.
Holmes IVy.k *""«.. TN Mls«lr»n *t.. near Third.
MRS. DR. WTETH, > reliable specialist; home
in confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; any ailment: consultation - free. 942
Post st.. between Hyde and Larkln.
THOROUGHBRED pug dogs for sale cheap.
MRS. ARMSTRONG. 2S2H Natoma st.: rear.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Be«t heir i!4U O'Farrell «t.: tM.-Ea«t 426.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW* tc 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, wk * driving horse*. 15th and Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
IPX Works. tS3-357 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
PTEVENB. mer.. SS-40 »th St.; tel. South 250.
J. MciJUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
45S Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard: laid at 40.
BTRATTON'S. 2 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
BREWERY wajron. second-hand, for sale
cheap. 31« McAllister St.
WANTED— Good waiter. 107 Berry St.. foot
of Third.
WANTED— Smart. Intelligent errand boy. M.
B. MORAGHAN. 68 California Market.
A SECOND-HAND flre and burglar proof safe:
Wilshlre make. WHITE. 516 Mission at.
ELDERLY ; man who can ¦ take care of horse
and wagon; wages $5 a month. 500 Haight st.
LADY desires child to board: large house; love-
ly grounds; gardener, maid kept; piano, pony;
terms low; suburbs. Address box 2736, Call
office. Oakland.
X.ADY with grown family wishes young child
to board; good home; reasonable. Box 2104,
Call office. . ->~\.
WOMAN want* child to board; 2 to 6 years
old: clean home and good care; no other
children. 461 Stevenson et.
PRIVATE home for children, 1 day to 15 years,
by week or month; large sunny yard; select
nelphborhood: mother's care; kindergarten;
terms low. IS-M Port rt.. bet. Geary & Sutter.
CASH registers, second hand, of every descrip-
tion bought, sold, exchanged and repaired.
13D8 Mission St.. between Ninth and Tenth.
IIELI* WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & C0.... ..PH0NE GRANT 185
....HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ...........
Hotel housekeeper. $50. Eastern experience
preferred; waitress. Pacific Grove. $20: wait-
ress, springs, $20: waitress, Keswick. $20, fare
here; 2 waitresses, Hanford, $20; 2 waitresses,
Fresno; 20 waitresses, Salinas, $20; 2 wait-
resses, city. 20; restaurant waitress, $6; arm
waitress, mining town, $20, fare paid; lunch
and dinner waitress, $5; girl to work on man-
gle, hotel laundry, $15.. ..................•'•
FAMILY ORDERS
Woman for housework for 2 In family and
one child. Cordelia. $15, fare paid: girl for
housework and attend "bakery, $15, see party
here; . houseglrl, nice place. Mill Valley. $20,
see party here; 3 houseglrls, Berkeley. Ala-
meda and Oakland. $25; second girl, city, $20;
nursegirls, city, $15 and $20; houseglrl, San
Mateo, $20. see party here, and all girls look-
Ing for < housework, etc., apply C.R.- HAN-
BEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ', v •
FIRST-CLASS drummer wanted for a tailor
store. Address box 3009, Call office.
CLASSES In German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month. AM. Laniruare Teacher. 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall:
lanininc-e"". Miss M. n. Barrett. 312 Montcy..
W. E. CODY (late wltn J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carnets. ' 757 Mission: tel. Red 3351
WANTED — First-class operator at ladles'tallor-
inglwho understands hand sewing. 1C Turk.
WANTED— Room and board in private family
for myself and child; there must be a piano;
Mate price. Box 3114. Call office.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough /Instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
EXPERIENCED mllkwagon driver, with ref-
erences, $35 and found. 1507-9 Brodertck st,
near Sutter.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing: Spanish. 337 Pheian building.
WANTED by married couple, (desirable ten-
ant*)— Large, tunny modern room, with small
apartment adjoining for lightest of housekeep-
irj?; breakfast only; private; east of Van Ness
aye. Box 3uS6, Call.
SOLICITORS to work from wagons In San Fran-
cisco, Oakland, Hay wards, etc. Apply 158
Fifth St.. •
HOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
PRICE & ROSENBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture. 738 Mission ;< phont Black 4074.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
priv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mlaslon.
FURNITURE WANTED.
GOOD cleaner also good presser wanted Mon-
day morning. Hudson Dyeing Works, 409
Sutter Et. .
HOUSES WANTED.
BELGIAN Hares— Norman Prince. Goldbug and
Sir Styles stock: breeding does a specialty.
TlO7 California st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec., 104 7th: tel Jessie 152.
AYRES'. leading business college. 723 Market;
Individual Instruction ; bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing: life scholarship. $50: catalogue.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech: sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
PIANO lessons; 8 years' experience: 500 per
hour. Address 1710 Buchanan, near Sutter.
9 ROOMS: rear entrance: good to rent rooms;
nicely furnished. '3lSH O'Farrell, near Mason.
A PRETTY pearl and ruby sunburst for $M:
cost originally $60. UNCLE HARRIS. 13
Grant aye.
HOREMONT Rubbitry. 36 Maple court, off
Fourteenth, above Guerrero— Fifty of the best
Belgians chipped from Los Angeles this week;
perfect animals; pedigreed.
BELGIAN HARES
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Fine furniture of 8 housekeeping
rooms; will sell as whole or by piece If de-
sired. 309 Hyde St., from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
THE Business Woman's Club (Incorporated),
phone South 279— 1t you are seeking employ-
ment of any kind we are In a position to place
you to your advantage. Call at 927 Market ot.,
room 202". ¦ .
5-ROOM sunny flat: rent $14: to adults; 2616
Mission st. Apply 844 Capp st. \ v
$14— WORTH $18: flat, 5 rooms, bath. 1417 Pa-
cific st.. near Hyde.
WANTED — Driver for milk route In city: ref-
erence required: $35 per month and found.
W. D EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. ' SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
X.. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckeis bldg.. 927 Mar-
Vet rt.: cnn=ult»tirr free: no fees in advance.
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
sumed practice at EOJ Cal. St.. Clunle blflg.
$16— New bay-window flat; 5 light rooms; bath,
gas. tubs. 809 Folsom st., near Fifth.
$6— LOWER flat. 7K& Harrison St., between
ADVICE tree: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
BOILERS, engines. Id-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
A PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES .TO LET.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
19 cages. In wrapper, for mailing-. $1 per year.
J^FOF. A MA6ERY of Kgypt. greatest aatrolo-
rirt end palmist In the world: satisfaction
rimranteed. 4N O«l<5»n Gst# aye. -.—-.>¦ «-
HOUSES— LODGING — To Let.
ASTROLOGY.
LADIES — Asents; something • new. 602 Geary
ft.. S*n Fruw-lw-n.
DRESSMAKERS AND SKAUSTUESSJiS
McDOWELL Dressmaking School: sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post.
tS. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 805 Van Ness.
SACRAMENTO, 1361— Flat of 3 rooms; rent
$12 GO.
RESTAURANT for sale; good location; good
business; cause sickness. Box 3013, Call.
LADY agents— lf you want the best money
maker* ret the Hygeia Electric Corsets and
skirts: the standard for 20 years. Address
Wertenf Corset Co.. St. Louis. Mo.
NINETEENTH, 3950, near Noe— Lovely sunny
- lower 6-room flat, with room on porch; $18;
I)OG HOSPITALS
$700— SELECT rooming-house: 9 rooms: perma-
nent roomers; new and clean. 437 Golden
Gate aye. . ..- -
$225— NICELY furnished rooming-house of 13
rooms: good location: rent 128. PACIFIC
BUSINESS EXCHANGE. 1016 Market st.
BET of teeth ¦ without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk tt.
GEORGE MA YERLE, German expert optician,
1071 Vx Market st. : examinations free; German
eyewater by mall. BOc. Phone. Mint 257.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnarzt. 6 Turk; painless
ext., crowns, bridgework; open Sund. till 12.
FINE assortment of old and new violins in all
sizes Just received from Europe: they wera
selected by experts for the MAUVAI3 MC-
PHOTOGRAPH gallery in the Mission or a
partner. Apply at 1104 Market st.. rms. 21-22.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3; new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 tip:
silver. TOe; painless extraction, SOc; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge fir extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
per set: extracting 50o: gas given.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
CALIFORNIA Lodse No. L I.
<• O F. — Initiation MONDAY
EVENING. Visitors welcome.
W. TROTTER. N. O.
RELIABLE man wants' position as chef or
steward In a hotel or restaurant: first-class
references. Address H., 615 Larkln St. .
COACHMAN and gardener wishes position;
good references. Address A. H., Call branch,
1096 Valencia st. ;"••,-'
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 269. F. •
and A. M., Franklin Hall. Flllmore st.. _J\^
bet. Bush anil fiutter— Second Degree IK3<
THIS KVENIN<; at 7:30. 'V'
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
ARE you In need of a piano? We haw a lanr»
assortment of new and second-hand pianos at
the beat makers: sold for caah or very ea»y
payments; $C down and $6 per month for arx
elegant new upright; some good pianos for
$3 $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
** CO.. Steinway dealers, corner Sutter and
Kearny sts., 6an Francisco; corner Tbirteeatii
fand Broadway, Oakland.
N unequaled record— Our business Is larger
than ever; our prices the lowest; our terms
reasonable: our guarantee absolute; high-
grade pianos from $325 up; medium-priced pi-
anos from $190 up; second-hand pianos from
$55 up; planoe for rent: sole agents for Chlck-
ertng. Steck. Vooe and Sterling pianos. 16 to
WELL-EDUCATED and experienced young
nurse elrl for boy % years old; must do sew-
ing. 997 Golden Gate aye. -
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIKL. Vet. Dentist. CO5 O. Q. ay.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T.I 8. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by -use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums: the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up: other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 50 up; open evenings and Sundays.
BARBERS— A good barber wants work; city or
country. Address Barber, box 8110. Call.
NICE lot for a horse and buggy. W. DA-
VIS, room 9. 905 Broadway. Oakland.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M— a
CaUed meeting THIS (MONDAY) _fV_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock; 3d degree. jLJZ
C. D. BUNKER. Secy. /V\
A FEW hundred more sewing machine operat-
ors will find work in Levl Straues A Co.'s fac-
tory. 32ft Fremont it. MR. DAVIS, foreman.
SITUATION. wanted by No. 1 coachman and
gardener and all round general utility man,
on gentleman's place. Box 3076, Call office.
SUNNY cottages. 6 and 6 rooms; basement,
yard, with or without stable; cheap. 1876
Fifteenth St.. near Dolores.
SITUATION, by young man. taking care -of
horses, cows, garden : good driver; reference.
Address box 3108. Call. ¦---'¦ ¦»
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists.
HOFFMAN & STEINHART. 412 Market St.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. m
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at m £%.
7:30 o'clock; third degree; Master Ma-Trjr
Fins cordially invited. By order of the *^« r '
W. M. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secy.
DANISH or Swedish girl; generally useful;
.wages $15. 1524 Fell St., near Ashbury. -
50 HEAD fine draft and driving horsey at Wl
and 1625 Market st., bet. Twelfth and Brady,
also some fine matched black teams.
REFINED young man, excellent references, de-
sires position in wholesale house; not afraid
of work; wages no object. Box 8107. Call.
NEAT young girl for general housework. 1114
Devisadero st. ; wages $12 to $15.- •¦-:;-.
STEADY sober man as partner In saloon;
small capital required. 130 Fourth st
A— CORNER saloon In Tenderloin district. $1650;
2 fine corners on Market St., bargains, $SOO
and $900; we have several branch bakeries at
bargains: candy store, near Market st., very
cheap $600; butcher shop on Sixth St., cheap
rent. .$450 • nice restaurant on Ellis st. for $250;
grocery and bar, $750, and for only $425.
MITCHELL & ADAMS. 906 Market st.
200 HORSES 1000 to 1400 pounds. $0 bead 1K» to
1300 pounds, unbroken, at the Canty Ranch.
Grayson. Cal. • ¦ ' ¦ ' ¦
"""" A GREAT SALE OK
PIANOS
PIANOS
Entire Stock of
HAMILTON-BANCROFT CO,
Consisting: of /
811EI1^ A C&CT32UNa_, '-*!_
WEBSR,
HAEffES BEOS.*
HAMILTON.
AND OTHERSL
PRICES FROM CO UPWABDI
SNAPS FOR BUYERS.
BYRON MAUZT.
SO3-810-Sl3 POST ST.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
COTTAGES TO LET.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
TO salaried men. without collateral or indorse.-;
other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. 143 Pheian building.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 210. 927 Market st.
PARTNER to travel in show business: clear-
ing $300 a month; must have $150: no experi-
ence required. J. C. FELTON, 422 Minna St.,
after 3 o. m. . ;
COLLECTION OFFICES.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 336 Parrott buiU-
lnir— Men can secure loans on personal note.
A LADY with small capital can clear $150 mo.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of *&J£\
ttsements and subscriptions has been openea
at 1223 Polk st.: open until » p. m.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 CFarrell at.
A— CORNER grocery: first-class stock; must
go. COWING £ CO., 719 Market St.
GIRL to work on mangle. Apply Mercantile
Towel Co., 251 Jessie st.
A BRANCH office for CaH ¦ advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M Va-
lencia st. ¦----¦* *•••; .
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: ;i>
commission; private. LICK. 118 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you neH
morVmoney .cc H. MURPHY, 630 Market it.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CORNER saloon on Market st.; best In city;
must go Monday. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1228 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m. ¦¦¦•¦-. -¦-.¦ ----- ¦¦¦>
CLASSIFIED advertisements ™*^S£g}?Ji?
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlHmor* st.
MME. SHAFFER, " clairvoyant, curd reader;
sittings daily. 212% Sixth St.
BARGAIN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. 539% California st.. room L
$30 TO $30,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortyi.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgoratry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S v a-
lencla st. •
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 2Sc; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
WINCHESTER HoteL ; 44 Third St.; £>«£. M *£
ket; TOO room*. »c »'«"'• «2? ll t ll Jf^ir "•*
•but and baggage to and -from the rerry.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bulldlag.
ARNOLD. •Dlckson,- give everybody tests to-
night; 10c: sittings. 25c. 60c. 14$ Sixth, room 1.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats ;
pay while learning. 657 Minna st. . •¦-' ¦- ' -
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting $1. 1104 Market.
WANTED— GirI to take care of baby; refer-
MEI2TI.NO NOTICES.
OLD gold bought: money loaned on every de-
scription of collateral. Coleman s. 506 Keam 7 .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 W night: $1 60 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and • baga-are to and from terry. -¦
$r2S— CIGAR stand and laundry office; fine lo-
cation. Mclaughlin. 777H Market st.
EXPERIENCED apprentice girls on custom
coats; also. pro-sser. 126 Russ st.
EXPERIENCED finishers on custom pants;
steady work. 225 Fifth st.
LJNDELL House, corner 81xth and Howard-
Rooms 15e to 25c per night. Tsc to $2 per week.
FURNISHED rooms. 75c $L $1 M per week.
METROPOLITAN. El4, Fourth St.
WANTED— Sewing and mending to do at home,
150 Fourth st., room 7.
MEN and women to learn b»rber trade at 8. T.
BARBER SCHOOL. T4IA Howard st.
MEDA HOSKINS, 1423 Mkt., bet. 10th & 11th—
Clr. Mon. 8 p. m., Thur. 2 p.m., 25c; sit. dally.
YOUNG" lady (trained nurse) would be glad to
hear of position to assist doctor. Address
box 3050," Call office. ¦¦ ¦ - '''
WANTED— GirI for general housework; plain
cooking.- 910 A Devisadero St., nr. McAllister.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer •* HERMAN'S., 2« Steuart st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 944 Howard
et., 10 a. in. to 10 p. m. : '¦•
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921H ' Mlsslon,opMlnt.
GET your shoes- half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 56J Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
RESPECTABLE lsUy (Swiss), speaking French
and German, no English, desires position,
city, upstairs or second work, or as nursegirl;
wages not -under $20; no postals. Call Mon-
day and Tuesday, 664 Castro sU
THE Business Woman's Club (Incorporated).
. phone South 279— 1f you are* seeking employ-
ment of any kind we are In a position to place
you to your advantage. Call at 927 Market St..
room 202. . . ' '
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;
past, present, future. 25c. 143 Sixth st.; r. 12.
$150-PARTNER; meat market: receipts $800
month: wagon; cash business. KREDO &
IX).. 22H Geary st. *
MRS MEYER, 325 McAlllister; trance, business;
sit. dally; test dr. to-night, 10c: Thurs. at 2
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
TJrEINESS OFFICE of the Ftn Prandseo
I>ll. comer ef Market and Third streets, open
cnt!l J2 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-4527 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 9:29 p. m.
IPO Hayes ctreet; open until 9:30 p. ra.
«3S McAllleter street; open until 9:3» p. m.
fH L&rkln ttreet: open until >:J(f p. n>.
IJ4I Mlsrlon «treet; open until 10 p. ra.
r?£l Market street, corner 61xteentb; open
cr.t'.l 9 p. m.
JO6 Eleventh street: cpen unt'.l f p. m.
JC96 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
12T3 Polk street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tocky streets; cpen until 9 p. m.
ANT proposition, any amount; < per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
moragages: confidential: advice free. O. E.
OLSEV room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
ptanosTno removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLJ. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell tx.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A— KREDO & CO 22V4 Geary Bt.
$600— Bakery; $22 dally counter trade; Mis-
sion: fine opening for coffee parlors.
$150— Branch bakery; S fine rooms; good cor.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED^-FEMALE.
TllEiTßualne&r^oman's Club (Incorporated),
phone South 279. i This club desires to .call
. your attention to the fact that they can fur-
nish you with reliable female help for cleri-
cal positions, domestics, etc All help fur-
nished free of charge. Clubrooms 201. 202. 203
Emma Spreckels . building. 927 Market St.
THE SAIS; FRANCISCO C^
MONEY TO LO AS.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer.
830 Ellis St.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenlnes.
• ' HELP "IWJsJfTKD " W* l^'^!^
rright retaTTjewelry salesman of city «*P*'
B riescl| sTeady po«ition; state rrtnewi , «d
• salary expected. -Address box 3035. Call office-
WANTED-Flrst-class ladles' tailor; highest
wages. 796 Sutter st. - :
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Edßolkln. Reno House »roj>rletor. sOll
runs Denver House, til . Third st: 150 large
ro^msTJSe per night: 'Sl to « per. week.
MME. MARQUISE, medium, has removed to 5
Hyd* Et. ; readings and treatments dally.-
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings 25c.
uxItGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
buslDess: fair treatment. Liquor Dealers
Journal. t39H California »t.. room 1.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Elderly woman for housework;
family of two; references required. -740 Ash-
bury st. .
GOOD German girl rbr housework and cooking:
must have references. Call 9-12, 1123 Lacuna
St.; good wages. - -
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc— for SsUe
THE Business Woman's Club (Incorporated),
phone South 279. This club desires to call
your attention to the fact that they can fur-
' nish you with reliable male help for clerical
positions, domestics, etc. All help furnished
free of charge. Clubrooms 201. 202, 203
Emma Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
WANTED— Woman over 25 for responsible po-
sition; commercial business. Box 8090, Call.
BARBERS— Good paving shop on Market St.;
cheap for cash. Address box 3111. Call office.
LADY for fine office position: duties pleaiant;
DOCTOR, box 3069. Call office.
$9 AND $10 — 4-room cottages; good order; water
free. 945 Bryant or G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
GARDENER— Good propagator and general
gardener; can' run gasoline engine; do coach-
man's or any stable work; references; desires
situation private place. Address box 3112,
Call office.
COTTAGE of 4 rms.; modern Improvements. 669
Walnut aye., nr. Octavla, bet. Post & Sutter.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 rooms; water
free. 103 Collins st., near Geary.
TO LET— A cottage of 6 rooms. 2309 Polk St.;
rent, with water. $13.
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Swltzer*s
Horse Market. • Twelfth and Market sts.
WOMAN to do housework. 131 Ban Carlos
¦ avenue.
HORSE 5 years old; cart and harness. Inquire
1201 Cortland aye.- -. -«: >«.:-••
MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with horses and
tools, wants light work; no milking; wages
$10 per month; best of references. Address
H. W., 405 Francisco st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore.
SALOON on a prominent business street: . fair
stock of liquors, cigars, etc.; good fixtures;
living rooms attached; rent reasonable; good
value for price; doing good business; departure
caU6e sale. L. H. COSPER, 632 Market, r. 6.
COACHMAN, competent man. thoroughly un-
derstands his business in all branches, desires
permanent situation. As to references and
qualifications address C. S.. 1022 Jackson st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
NEW bakery and laundry; 3-can milk wagon; 2-
seated spring wagon: 1 heavy and 2 right de-
livery wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
A— Bo-ROOM house —
Elegant oak furniture -
.Brussels carpets ;
Hair-topped mattresses — ..-
..Never changed hands
Clears $400 ¦ per month
Cost $10,000: nearly new
Price $3500; easy payments -...
Owner very sick: must sell
For sale only by DECKER. 1080 Market st.
PARTNER wanted having a few hundred dol-
lars: a practical mechanic in Iron work or
business man; must be a practical Christian.
Address Mechanic, box 303. Call office.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $5 a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
3 ears; fillings, BOc; crowns, $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lore, 24 Sixth st.
STOCK of grocery. $50. and renting of store,
$15: near Fourth st. KREDO & CO.. 22V4
Geary et.
WANTED— Position as city agent or collector;
well acquainted in city; very good references.
Box 3088, Call office. .
WANTED— Position at any light work; passable
education: wages no object. Box 3091, Call.
GOOD paying restaurant: on account of party
leaving city; rent paid to April 10. Apply 12
Washington st.
WANTED— Mechanical draughtsman: 2 fruit
farmers and wives, $55 and $40; gardener and
wife, $50 to $60; farmers, $1 day; 5 milkers,
$25 and $30; choreboy for ranch. $10; driver for
milk wagon, $25; 20 woodchoppers for good,
long Jobs. 80c, $1 and $110 cord: blacksmith's
helper, $150; pond man for mill; experienced
oil well borer, $5 day and board; woodmen of
all kinds, at going wages; old man to care for
place; also others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62$ Sacramento st.
$CJO— BAKERY, notions, laundry and papers;
cheap rent; good bargain; sickness. Box 23,
106 Eleventh st.
A GENUINE BARGAIN SALE.
Fine Knabe upright latest design; make o'rr;
beautiful Bruenn upright, like newt Arion.
$35; Hallett & Davis. $40; 2 German uprights.
In good order. $75 and $30; Dunham upright.
$140; Eherwood. $145; 2 almost new uprights,
cheap, for storage and advances. BRUENN,
208 Post St., above Grant aye.
ROOMING-HOUSES
....LODGING-HOUSES
TTfyrvLiß " ~ ~ .¦•¦•••••a»» •"•••»•¦••••¦••
""*"." FLATS "AND* PRIVATE HOMES
FROM 3 to 250 ROOMS: PRICES $50 to $20,000
25 rooms; on Market; worth $1200 $300
10 rooms: on Mason; payments.... 450
65 rooms: on Bush St.: clears $250 2800
2 rooms and bath;. elegant flat 825
80 rooms; on Kearny: grand bargain 2TOO
36 rooms: on Market; payments.... WOO
EO, 40 and 125 rooms: boarding-house.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
RESTAURANT and oyster house for sale on
East St.; $500 cash. Box 30S?. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109t Va-
lencia st.
WANTED— French butler and valet. $40; second
cook and baker, miners' boarding house, $50;
hotel and restaurant cooks, waiters, dishwash-
ers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 63
Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and, subscriptions has been opened
st 1??3 Polk st.*: open until ! p. In.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
24. 28 and 30 O'Farrell et.: pianos, organs and
ali other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible dona to pleaso and satisfy tba
customer.
FOR sale — Saloon; suitable for man and wife;
on account departure. Box 3087, Call ofllce.
$500 — GOOD business; large profits; all cash;
low rent. Box 3053, Call office.
FINE upright piano for sale and furnished
bouse to let. 109 Diamond st.
ROOMING HOUSES. -
M rms.; $4500; rent $250 52 rms.: $3S0O; rent $225
46 rras.; $2500; rent $120 S5 rms.; $3000; rent $115
33 rms. ; $3000; rent $110 29 rms. : $1000; rent $30
2o rms.; $1800; rent $90 22 rms.; $1250; rent $l"0
IS rms. ; $425; rent $45 15 rms.: $300; rent $50
14 rms.; $700; rent $60 13 rms.; $500; rent $40
12 rms.; $375; rent $40 11 rms. ; $600; rent $53
10 rms.; $5»): rent $50 9 rms.: $310; rent $40
See Exam' and Chron'. M. GRIFFIN, 719 Mkt.
Kit ABE ptanoe: new scale; new stylea. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 20 O'Farrell st.
EXCHANGE.
WILL exchange very desirable lots In Seattle,
Tacoma or Blalne, Wash., for country home
near San Francisco. A. D., box 3113, Call.
J;OTICE — International Bricklayers' Union No.
V of California meets EVERY MONDAY In
The Temple. 117 Turk ' st- : hall open every
day between t and 5: all I. U. men invited;
charter open for 30 days; contractors or build-
ers wanting men Inquire at hall.
W. D. PICKENS. President
WILLIAM KLTTIN. NICHOLAS DUGAN.
WILLIAM J. SHEEDY. I. U. Committee. .
THE CaJ:fornsa Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from George 11. Hedrlck. in tie Hed-
rick gravel mine, near San Andreas, Cala-
veras County, to deposit tailings on a flat
below ihe mine; from William Weyman. In
the Weyman placer mine, near Placervllle,
El Dorado County, to deposit tailings In a
reservoir bolow the mine: from Hugh H.
Cram. In the Pigeon Creek mine, near Ply-
mouth. Asiador County, to deposit tailings
In Indian Creek; from Henry Meyer. In the
Greenhorn mine, at Cherokee, Nevada County,
to deposit tailir.rs in Shady Creek, and from
the Emery Gold Mining Company, in the
Emery hydraulic mine, near Mountain Ranch.
Calaveras County, to deposit tailings In Adobe
Gulch, gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room £S. Flood bulldlnf, San Fran-
cisco Cal.. on April 2. 1900, at 1:30 p. m.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth.. $4: crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
THE Packard pianos are not cheap pianos, but
they are first-class in tone and unequaled In
finish; you buy them for a short time only at
Introductory prices at MAUVAI3'. 753 Mar-
ket st. *.-
SPECIAL BARGAINS ¦
19 rooms: cheap rent: only $050
21 rooms; Mission st.; reduced to .*... 800
. S3 rooms: fine paying house; see It 1250
40 rooms: sunny corner; a bargain.. 850
60 roomsreorner; must sell — 2000
R^ 11. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market St.
M. MacLEOD'S specialty' ls buying, selling and
exchanging lodging-houses: If you have such
business It will pay you to call at 1706 Market,
near Tenth. With G. W. H. PATTERSON.
:r ~?r/~ : FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
713 Greenwich; 5 r.. 51211345 Howard; 5 r....519
2537 California; 5 r.. 5151815 Jersey; 5 r....512 50
87 ROOMS, rood transient corner, $1700: 120-
room hotel fcr rent, fine location; 9 rooms,
$300; private money to loan. C. D. DAVIS,
room eo. . 918 Market t st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tor*: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
ANNUAL ireeting— The annual meeting of the
ftockhoiders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at tfce office of the
company. SrT Market st.. San Francisco. Cal..
on MONDAY, the ?«th day of March. 1900. at
the h"ur of 12 m.. for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
tiee? as njay come before the meeting. Trans-
Ter Ixioks will close on Friday. March 16. 1900.
at 12 in. W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
VERY fine Steinway; must be sold at once;
a beautiful Cabinet Grand upright piano.
$150. Room 12. Flood building. SO9 Market st.
A FEW pianos will be sold for storage at auc-
tion prices; dirt cheap for cash. WILSON' 3
Storage 1710 Market st.
ROUTE on Chronicle. 587 A Natoma st.
EDISON projectoscope complete; 31 films; 75
slides; excellent condition. LEVY, 415 Kearny.
COMPLETE set of baker's utensils. Including
large portable oven, with privilege of seeing
same In use; cheap. JONES & CO., 865 Mrkt.
DAPHANIC slass business; will sell at a
great sacrifice; Jl5O to $200 required; cause of
selling. Immediate departure for Europe. Ad-
dress box 3064. Call.
PARTNER wanted having a few hundred dol-
lars; a practical mechanic or business man;
must be a practical Christian. Address Me-
chanic, box 3075. Call office. ¦
OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and bar:
stock and fixtures; must sell on account of
other business; no agents. Box 3067. Call.
TRAVELING men wanting a good side line
ere ir.vitod to call and Investigate our propo-
yiiioE. Western Advertising Co., 313 Bush.
NW COR. Sutter and Scott; finest flat In city
for the price; Investigate; 6 large rooms and
large glazed porch; appreciated If seen.
$25 — 557 THIRD St.; new 6-room flat; all mod-
. era conveniences; light and sunny. Apply
R. McELROY. 4 Pheian building. .
SUNNY upper and lower 3 and. 4 rooms and
bath flats, only $9 and $10. 5 and 7 Bonlta
aye., off, Polk, near Vallejo.-
A BARGAIN — Steinway, $125; store open Sat.
evening. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 138 Ellis st.
CONOVER Colby and Spencer pianos. SPEN-
CER WAREROOMS. ISIS Market st.
DON'T buy: rent a new piano, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
FINE store; suitable any business; 128 O'Far-
rell St.. corner Powell. Apply 15 Grant aye.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN v SB4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT MONDAY. 7 A. M ......*¦.
64 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for dif-
ferent places^ ..... s26, $25 and $20 and found....
16 milkers and butter makers. .s3o and $25 & fd
16 choreboys and men $20. $15, $10 and found
6 miners, $75; 6 drillers, $60: 4 stablemen: 197
woodchoppers and tlemakers. etc., $2 50, $2.
$1 75. $1 60, $1, 75c cord. 10c, lie, 12c. 13c each
10 laborers for mines $30 and found
.....MECHANICAL HELP, ETC..
6 carpenters, 9 months' Job, house building...
$2 50 day
carriage trimmer. $3 day; cooper, $3 day;
blacksmith, heavy work; weaver on wire mat-
tresses; milk' wagon drivers; butchers, city
shops; head donkey man, $50 and found
log sniper $40 and found
gardener, private, $25 and found ; man for deli-
cacy store; 10 laborers, city Jobs
$175 day, $30 and found
Hctel Dep't 6 laundrymen
12 cooks $50, $40, $35, $30 and found
waiters and dishwashers
J35. $30, $23. $20. $15 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A
WANTED Monday morning at 7:30, with
blankets, ready to start, 100 teamsters, labor-
ers, rockmen and concrete men for the Coast
Railroad in Santa Barbara Co.; free -fare;
bring your blankets and lunch, ready to go
on train. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A GRAND 60-room house; suitable for ldoglng-
house or sanitarium: ¦ electric lights: 2 en-
trances; adjoins Owl Drug Store. 1132 Market.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st-. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
$1800—42 ROOMS: corner house: $1000 cash or
trade.for house and lots. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
FINE Fischer & Steinway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
TWO sunny rear flats of 4 rooms; $S each. 27
Pearl st., off Market, near Valencia.
A NICELY furnished sunny corner flat of 30
rooms for sale cheap. Box 3C98. Call office.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 218 McAllister at.
MISSION. 1513. near Eleventh — 6 large, sunny
rooms, bath and laundry; rent $22. ; .
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
FLAT of 5 rooms; modern; bath; rent $13. 911
Filbert st. v
TO let — House of 9 rooms »nd bath: on Bu-
chanan, near California. Inquire of W. H-
CRIM. 11* Montgomery st. '-- ; --' ' ¦'¦ ¦- ¦¦"
ST'PERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A— HEAD meat cook for American hotel, $70;
baker, country, $«0; baker, hotel, $35; 2 hotei
waiters. $35; dishwashers. I pot washers and
kltchenhands, $20, $25 and $30; bedmaker.
country, $20 and fare paid; nurse for an In-
stitution, $30.
2 all-round laundrymen, country. $35 and
$50; polisher and starcher, country, $50;
ironer. hotel laundry, $40; washer, coun-
try. $30. , "
20 farmers and teamsters for orchard, $26
and board: 20 tlemakers, 13c; 6 milkers, $25.
C. R. HANSEN *; CO.. 104 Geary st-
TO let — Clean sunny flat. 226 Rltch st., near
Third and Bryant.
ELEGANT sunny flat; 4 rooms, bath. 645 Wil-
low are., near Laguna St.
IK you want to mov* get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN ft HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
WANTED — Carriage washer for nice country
stable near city, $35 per month and board:
gardener for private place near city, $26 and
board •
10 woodchoppers for good layout near city,
$1 50 per cord, long-Job; man to take contract
on 500 cords; 2 vineyard hands for first-class
steady job. $26 and board: and 100 others.
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
SUNNY 10-room house; large garden, stable.
2432 Howard St., through to Capp; rent $50.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mission
st.. above Sixth.
BROADWAY. 1908—6 rooms, bath, laundry; fine
marine view; rent $20. .
WANTED— Neat, reaiwctable boy as office boy
in our office: salary -*3 50 per week. Apply
Monday. 8 a. m., W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay st.
LAUREL aye.. nr. Turk and Buchanan— House
5 rooms and bath: rent $12. ; -j :
BARS, counters, showcased, shelving, mlrrora.
bought, sold and exchanged. 10*3 Mission st.
2 A NO. 1 young cows; calves 4 days old; each
milks 6 gals, day; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
HOUSE, 7 rooms, yard, bath. 1021 Lombard
st.; rent $16. : ,
TO let— A pleasant sonny house. 7 rooms. Z3BS
.Twenty-first st., near Guerrero.
CHEAP— High-arm Domestic sewing machine;
must sell. 677 Natoma St., near Seventh.
30-FOOT gasoline launch for sale cheap; S'j
horsepower engine; full cabin; electric lights.
Address box 3070. Call office.
CHAS. , LEVY Duys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st.: telephone Jessie 76L
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping. CTummar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1624 Mission, nr. Bth.
CAPE NOME houses for sale; 12xlS feet. $150:
16x20 feet. $200. Apply to the Humboldt
Lumber Company. Third and Washington
sts.. Oakland. Cal.
LOST— Between New ! York ¦ Kitchen and Em-
porium, n. pair of gold • eyeglasses and chain.
Please return to 814 Larkln St., and receive
.reward. ¦ - '"- - - • ¦ '.'
LOST— A yawl boat, - marked Lottie; suitable
reward. Return ' to CAPT. FLANDERS, tug
Lnttle. Washlneton-st. wharf.
CIGAR Etore for sale. 311 Bush st.
JC5 — GOOD repair shop; lasts, stock and ma-
chine; good trade; cheap rent. 2106 Flllmore.
I WANT to sell my half-Interest In meat mar-
ket; price $350. 124 Fourth Bt. '
FRUIT and vegetable etore for sale: on ac-
count of leaving city. Apply Call office.
RETIRING from clothing and gent's furnish-
ing goods business: 'stock and fixtures for
sale; store to rent at 44 East St., near Mis-
sion: small capital needed.
$1500— FOR sale; restaurant; fine location: a
fortune to the right party; owner has two
places. Address lax 3051. Call office.
GROCERY, hay. feed and coal yard In South
Berkeley: doing good business; rent cheap; at
bargain. Address box . 2731. Call. Oakland.
OLD established r«"*aurant for sale: good busi-
ness: fine locality: small rent: everything
complete: price $225. Box 3041, Call office.
GOOD-PAYING business, cheap; parties going
away; over 800 customers; horses and wagon.
Call 212 Capp et.
COMPANY promotion is our specialty; we at-
tend to everything complete; charters fur-
nlshed. P.S.M.&-1.C0.. 220 California St.. r. B-7.
FOR SALE— A fine downtown route; this
paper; in business section. Apply Call office.
$350 — GROCERY, bar and lodging-house; doing
good business. 329 Perry *Et.
ROUTE of (44 papers on this paper for sale.
Box €. Oakland Postofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
]*r*ciit «t
GASOLINE engines; marine and stationary:
second hand: guaranteed; all sizes. NEWELL
BROB- 140 First at.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1332 Market at.
BOY wanted for florist's at 240 Kearnv st.
SECOND cook. Capital Restaurant, 20f Mc-
Allister st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*,
etc. WHITELAW. 21S Spear st.
WANTED— A good all-around cook for small
| coffee and lunch place at 1440 Kentucky st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet Powell an<l .Mason;- tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post St.: telephone Bush 135.
UKUICAL. . . '
DMT^GOODwYNT'thT'weli-known' ladles' phyal-
dan,' foimerly of 401 Van ' Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge: guaranteed
treatment $5; safe ¦ and reliable cure In one
day; 15 years' , successful practice ' In 8. F. ;
maternity home:. low, fees. 10074 Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation' free; success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023H- Market St." •»¦
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, Chinese employment
office; beet help fur.: cooks, waiters, etc.
Chas. Aramorl, SO6H Stockton; tel. John 2121.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell,. near Butter; tel. Black lttl.
WANTED— 2 waiters at the Golden West Hotel.
68-78 Ellis St. :¦¦¦••¦ :
TWO large portable ovens cheap: good order.
Bakery. 944^ Harrison st.
GOOD waiter wanted. * APPIy at 70 .Third
»- street. •'. ¦' . -- • ¦ ¦ : ¦ -'-./¦¦ . : ¦ '
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton.' China, tea,
and herb sanitarium. ,704 Sacramento st.. cor-
ner of Kearny; • all ¦ diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office .hours, 10 a. nV to 13 m.,
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m. .
WANTED— A boy to run errands. ¦ 2009 FiUmo're
street. ..-. '"TiirsH&Tni'Millhft'ililHllllKl I IIWIIHI II
COOK wanted at 12 Jackson st. ; young man
. preferred. r '
LUNCH waiter wanted at 12 Washington st,
BARBER wanted; must be Al; at 12 Fifth st.
WANTED — Two good cash ' boys. ¦ .- Apply be-
tween 7 and 8 a. m. at S. N. WOOD &. CO.'S,
718 Market at. "ilHf M fIMIT sMItiT iBBMBU iT j l|i 111 1 i^Hni
WANTED — By competent woman, cooking and
downstairs work. 1910 Steiner St.', between
Bush and Pine. •' . ; ; . . ¦¦••...
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 2211
Buchanan st. . '? '•¦:- -•'¦ '•-. ' '
GENERAL housework or chamberwork by mid-
dle-aged woman used to -¦• . housework. 316
. Minna st. ,
GOOD coatmaker. to work Inside; steady work
for right man. THOS.E. KENT, 121 Post St.,
third I*"*r V^iT^i>ttsT7sinfsTrWTlffWfiTlWßliTllll
NEAT girl for housework and waiting; at table;
sleep home; $4 week, r32 Sixth st. • ¦
COLORED woman wishes ; work " by the day.
Call or address 505 Leavenworth st.
GIRL to assist with housework, 9 to 4, or resl-
dent. 1511 Baker st. % : .
WANTED— GirI for general housework; I small
family. Apply 1400 Webster St., cor. O'Farrell.
WAITRESB wanted. - 631 Clay St., \ between
Ken ray and : Montgomery. ¦ ¦ ¦•-¦•¦
WANTED— Bright boy for. office. Address box
. 3092.: Ca11. -. - in iiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiT mm'imwM'iiMi
PRESSER — First-class; . for ladies' ,- tailor-made
gowns. , Address box 8097, CalL . .. . ; ."
WANTED— Woman . to work In kitchen. S
Polk st. ¦;-.. ¦ -, .--¦-.. -. . ;::::¦
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
¦WANTED — A portable double circular saw-
mill, capacity 10.1 CO feet, new or second hand.
and * 30 horsepower portable engine. B. C
GANSNER. Qulncy. Plumas County. Cal.
ASTONISHING prices for ladles' and gents*
cast-off clothing, etc. ; don't sell until you
learn my offer. Postal. M. Nathan. 10 Sumaer.
WANTED—* bears: any age or color. Address
L. SEELIGER. 331S Mission. San Francisco.
8THE best corner lot south of University of Cal-
ifornia, with elegant modern 9-room house.
-.-> M. U Wt'RTS,.'
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
BAY AND RIVEK STEAMEBS.
FOR I UTS.- ikfl; YARD AND : VALLEIO.'
Steamer "Monticello. "
.MON.', TueB.,-W«d..: Thurs. . and Sat. at »:«
a. m. ; 1:15. 8 :J0 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nt^ht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:20; Sundays. 10:30 a, m., 8
p. m. • Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 1 Telephone Main 1308.
FARE 600
MINXA. 2S— tunnjr ri'-usekeeplng and - single
r'X'ins; "iic and U per irefk.
JunAVKNV.cnTII. 22C— Lar;;e eunny corner
fcay-wiiiuo'v tvotn for housekeeping; American
family; miults.
IimtKEIiGY ItKAL INSTATE.
SPECIAL bsrpaln— Murt be soM at once; house
C rooms: bath, pantry; lot 46x100; 3 blocks
frc:n l>rk«>|ey fitatlon; 2 blocks from electric
rant; only SHOO: termx to suit. Take Berkeley
train, set off at Lorin Station, ask for RU-
DC.U.PH &. PERKINS.
WK need money bad, therefore offer to sell at
a .Moriflce a pretty S-room cottage with bath,
pantry. • china closet, folding doors, brick
foundation,, stationary tubs. S-foot basement;
2 buy windows; nice mantel; hot and* cold
¦water, with 4000-gallon tanK; wrll SO ft. deep;
lot 4QxJ2.*>: chlck»:i houtcc, etc.; price $16UO;
will arr.inre terms to suit; close to station.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin Station,
ask for RUDOLPH fc PERKINS.
BATES 4Cl— 5 urvriy furnished rooms *nd bath.
VZ; also 2 K»u»cU-epinK. Oi flrst floor
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time).
SAN FRANCISCSO, March'lS— 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfall* to
date, as compared with those of the same date
lam season, and rainfalls In last 24 hours: ' ,
Lnst 21 This .. Last
Ftatlons— hnurs. seafcon. season.
Eureka.. Trace 43.15' 25.33
Red Kluff-.. 0-00 1g.43 14.58
Sacramento 0.00 15.67 11.19
San Francisco ....'....... 0.00 17.02 10.12
Fresno.. '0.00; 7.C2 4.9 C.
Independence:.... ,0.00 .t.M 1.15
San Luis Oblitpo ........ 0.00 H.Bl 10.23
Loa/Angeles ........0.00 6.35 4.06
San Dtego .......: n.flO 3.12: 4.32
Yuma .......... ....*. 0.60 0.76 1.24.
Han Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
E5 degree*; minimum. 47; mean, 51:
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
. FORECAST. -. ~,-.,r---
The- weather is cloudy along the immediate
coa»t. with a light sprinkle of rain at Eureka,
and generally clear in the Interior. The press
ure has risen slightly along the coast and fallen
over the Rocky Mountain region. A feeble area
of high pressure lies off the- California coast,
and another overlies -Western Montana. "The
temperature has remained nearly stationary. In
all districts.. , , „" ' ;
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
the Interior and cloudy and • foggy along the
coast of California Monday. - r ¦
Forecast '< made - at ' San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight March 19:
For Northern California— Cloudy and foggy
along the coast Monday, fair in the Interior;
light westerly wind. ; . " . • -. .. ¦-- . .
For, Southern 1 California— Fair Monday;- light
westerly wind. ¦ r _-• ¦- "•: '-¦ ¦."..-¦.;.>
: For Nevada— Fair Monday. ,
For Utah— Fair Monday." • »
For Arizona— Fair Monday. ¦ . • -. ¦
Fof Ban Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy ana
fotrgy Monday morning,- partly clearing during
the day; lifht westerly wind. : , • ; ,
O. H. WILLBON.
. < , Forecast Official.
ITL'i'ON, 3CX— 2 or S [not sunny housekeeping
rooms; yard; baKTr.ent ar.d baih. .
AMERICAN LINE.
ttW TOSZ. BOUT3AMPTON. L05D05. PISIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Kensington ...March 21 St. Louts April It
New York March M New Tork. .....April IS
St. Pau1. ........ April ? St. Paul April 2»
RED STAR LINE. ¦
New Yor\ arjd Antwerp.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington ...March 21[Pouthwark April U
Noordland March 2SWesternland ...April IS
Frelsland April 4; Kensington ....April 33
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcljael. Davi/son City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
30 Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies.
nooMs yon uotfSEtcEEPora.
A I'LAT r,i 4 beautiful large rooms, with bath,
oonpletcl/ luri;:sliPd tor housekeepins; hot
and cold water; cas and telephone; new
house: fin* view; healthy lucntlon: In a small,
private family: no e*U%*a mused; r«-nt rea-
-ora»>l.- 4iil Twentieth ft., near Castrn.
CALIFORNIA, 2-*23 — Eunny parlors or rmms for
ViSht housekeeping; gas range; reanonablr.
CL>S.SIKiKJJ ¦4»«lllf I'll lll» anj eut-!<cripilcin»
recdv« ¦! at C«il brancti <.rtlce. 2»'O^ Killmore «t.
FIFTH. MS — Tv.-o rooms furnlFh«'l for house-
keeping; cheap rcnt^
Shipping Intelligence.
AT nacrlfirt I—SltiOO1 — SltiOO for my new bay-window
fottage: 5 large riom**. front arid rear hall.
S.alh: t'ove^l c^illncs. mantel, china and other
cloaets; all moiiem Imuruveffients; built for
my home, but circ"Jxr:stanL-e8 compel an im-
mediate pa!e; rmaM first payment and $10
monthly; title perfect: no mortage: con-
venlfnt tv BUmAoh and 23th sts. At.piy Owner.
214 Gatee ft.. oU Ccrtland aye.
rTTT! 7%:, m
- 1-5 caFh: balance monthly payments.:...
Hents T7Z'i a year
n«>«r modern flats Just finished. €31 Waller *t.. I
V*etwe*n Pierce and Scott: one short block
Irom Halpht-st. car*. F. NELSON, builder.
fn premises.
A BARGAIN— Cost SSfXtt; will sell for !30m0;
house and lit In the Mission warm belti con-
tainlr.g 7 rooms «nd bath: high basement:
brick foundation; half cash: balance to re-
main en mortgage: or will exchange for im-
proved ranch. Address box H. 68, Call offlce.
Steamer Movements.
VJI. C. C. ODONNELL— Office and residence.
1C!1U Market St.. bet. Sixth nnd Seventh.
i.n!'i:r.Er;s Qnfntonlai Hnir Tonic 3 r .c b<n
and LeJen^r** Poamo Sharipoo £c pk~ are
juFt •n.fra.t Lederer cji-j at ia Ptocktor; st.
"HAlIi IV>-!or'f n<-:n«><:y": no poison. KI'ES-
TEU N. O. .:.-;..A. O-ii.-land: details; starnn.
PRIVATE cfletertlv* work; r-aponabl? rateT;
I : J ya'> J. It. n.VY. 357 Jej=*le St.
fTAitMEIt:XG Corrected: booklet. J WHITK^
HOftN. A.M.. yh.lX.Jiis Linden St.. Oakland.
AN ex] eritnf^J ntasaetiKe wl»hoe t<» iirive mas-
sape tmtonl to * lew more '.«>li-« »t their
ii-^ine; r hyfi'-iar.V refertnecs. Address Mas-
fraee. Kll'.s Ft.
USOEBESt Quintonira is a pertVrt hair tone;
BSe not. L*derer'B foamo fhampoo is the
be-rtjc ikg. <;. LEDEUER. lit Stockton St.
A FINK suit to order tlO 71. or pants $175: our
F;*-<-!slty in remnants allows us to sell cheap-
er than ready-made, L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
s-t.. bet. 7th and *th. prop. One-rrlce Tailor-
ing: Co., 22' Kt-srTiy, near Sacto ; al*o 1644
Market St.. ur.der St. Nicholas.
SUNNY room*, single, en suite end housekeep-
ing: $1 up. Hotel Shasta. 122S Broadw.iy.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
OAKLAND P!.ATS TO LET.
FOR rent— Modern 7-room upper flat; ?15. B.
11. WELCH & CO., 1353 Fifth aye.. East Oak-
land.
lUHjms TU LIST — Knrn. and Unforn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 145 Sixth— Rooms
25c to t! per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
!U;ht huuseKeeplng; open all night. -
BI'K.NKTT. DIG Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
ni>hcd ncs.. "ultes, single; also unfurnished.
C.VIIP.OLLTON. 12CC Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner; v.-ell furn.; rms. A. offices.
OFFICES AXD STOKES— TO _BT.
BETTER. ni^-Nlre sunr.r^r^er'iJulte; "" c <cu-
pjg-me OO a v. d 0! tcr Wt " »'*"= rjuJern l!a "
! 2 1^2_?? 1 S tllo w-wlr.dcw« and 5 Isrjre rooms;
adapted to ar.y business. 422 Sixth «t-
n.L :CTIIIO lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third rt., r.car Market: 100 tyoms;
He to JIM j>er nlpht: n SO to it per week;
_ rre '* '*'' J s and br.ggage to and fn>m the ferry.
i'ukso<ai.*.
A!U"H;t your hair--TA^.resrV\e"~'anjr'bXJ^7j»y
H Star Haiv !'..-miMy. Nev.-r rails to restore
• ray hair to natural rotor, v«r*> .Im-l-urr
prow new hair. At drugglftw nrvl batrdt*— »t«.
THE very jir-at.-ft |wi!oik U: _m city mil oiiT.-
.. -"• .for th* ver>- intesi. liar Ktylo*': taaßhmr-
' " 1: " °- 11 - I^»e:>.
tS£— L_— OUDCY *~
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms; com-
plete; frcot; first Cotr; bath; ras. ; ,
KL'TTER. ISIS— 2 or 3 newly furnished sunny
rootr.s for lirht houselrpc. ; private family.
Mcflvov a - go;?"; -•¦ - 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ft EMBALMERS
1235 Market st.,' between Sth and Sth. : j
: iTelephono South 847.
COKPASSIE FXSEaALS TBANEATtiIfTIQUK.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRK-PARI3.'
Sailing every Thursday instead o?
Saturday, from November 2. 1539. a t -«*^W*»
ID a. ra . from Pier 42. North Rrver. foot of
Morton »t.: La GASCOGNE. March 22; LA
TOI'RA INK. March 2»: I-V BRETAGNE. April
i; L'ACIUITAINE. April 12. Flrst-clasa ¦¦ to
Havre. *!0 «"d npward: S per cent reUuctlon
on • round trio. Second class to Havre. Hi: 3
rer cent ¦ reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED .STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson bntldlnir). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific . Co4Mft
Agents, fi Montgomery aye., San Franclsoa.
_tS£IQXJ 2K-"r— 3 or 4 fjnny furnished house-
Icepplr.g rtAiins; l>ath; yard: laundry.
iIOSS. 13, cJT Howard, near Seventh— 2 or J
rooms furniehetf complete for housekeeping.
EjTn CARIES nve.. 2S— Nice furnished sunny
rocrr.B f'r light hnuFeKWj.lr.g; also other rrp*.
fcljTTEIt. 1111— Korcl»h*d rooms; 1 clncle and
en FUlte; also housrkeepir.e: terms reasonable.
O. G. MAY & CO. offer these new modern
Eerkelt homes for ««le. •
ttW-O— « rooms d bath.
•TJ25O— 7 rooms and hath. • ,
• JSSO0 — X room* and hath.
. $3700—0 rooms and bath.
J4?."0— 9 rooms and both.
.Ml with street work done; also cottages
from flW^> upward; *cc our fine building sites.
O. G. MAY & CO.. opp. High School. Berke-
ley Station. ' - -
LEWIS. !«. «>rr Taylor, near Poet— J unfurnlehed
•end S fumi.-licl r-ioms.. JlO and !12.
HYDE. *3V— Sunny front suite, ground floor;
yard. *Ir,H: lor- faTm'cli-Jf pinKj_tep. . entrance.
IVY Au., _.*„ -near Hayee— l or 2 large sunny
rooms furnished rcr housekeeping; bath; 5* -0
each.
MYDK, !ro— 3 i-iccly furnished rooms; hct and
bold water.
HOWARD VJi— 2 front rooms, furnished ccm-
|.!*te lc,r'h-rjz»i'tfiilnK: gas rangs^
HOWARD Set. cor. Th:rd— Nicely furnished
•rent room*; slro hassc Keeping.
i:O\VA!'.l). i:.»— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms.
?12; sOso* sunny rttrncr rc.ni.
FI.'LTON, €71—1 nice runny rooms complete for
housekeeping; tent $12 '-<>¦
CTAItY 47.'.— Ki-or.t alcove rocm; light house-
keeninir !f tl'.-.Ji-J: rent f.i; gas, bath.
V 'H"TH j_ 2 or I furnished housekeeping,
* with bslrt. JlO to SCO; also finale. U to t^
ALAMRUA IIKAI. KS'I'ATB.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
Women of Woodcraft.
California Circle of the -Women of
Woodcraft is still advancing in the line
of membership and ' prosperity. At a re
cent meeting In the circle room, in Native
Sons' Hall, there were Initiated five can
didates and four more were initiated* last
Friday night. The members of this cir
cle always have a pleasant welcome for
any visiting neighbor.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
# . Steamers leave Broadway
h^ wharf, San Francisco:
_— . For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
METIh- Mar. 17. 22, 27. Apr. 1. Change
¦E»r!J3___ t0 company's steamers ai
B^__M^Mf ' For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
_E_^___l C ) Pert Townsend, Seattle,
Tacoma. Everett. Anaeortes
1 a nd New Whatecm (Wash.).
. B Hlioa, m.. Mar. 17. 23. 27. Apr.
1. and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.. at
Vancouver to C. P. RJ*. «.<,_
For. Eureka (Humboldt Bay). S p. m.. Mar.
20. 25. 80. Apr. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Crux. Monterey. San Slrnetm. Cay-
uco* Port Hartord (San Luis Oblapo). Oavlota.
Santa Barbar*. Ventura. Hueneme. tan ?*<"<>¦
East San Pedro (Los Angeles), an.l Newport. 9
"m.. Mar. 16. 20. «. 28. April 1. and every
°For San^Dlego. stopping only at Port Harfnrd
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), .11 a. m..
Mar. 13. 22. 26. 30, April 3, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay San Jrse del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altato. La Paa. Santa Rojalla
and Gusymas <Mex.). 10 a. m.. Mar. 8. and .tn
of each month thereafter.
For further ¦ Information obtain company s
tO The' comnany reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dat»s and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKKT OKFUJfc - 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace* Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. Ssn Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
KENIUVOBTH Inn. romantically situated In
Mill Valley: GO minutes' ride from Fan Fran-
cisco: completely furnished: 40 rooms; steam
and hot water baths; elertrlc light*: heaters
throurhout; elevator*, etc.: rent low. Apply
MADISON f: BURKK. f2fi Market st.
iti:.\i. BSTATB to i:\cnA.vtir:.
I~ITAV_~<-lty~a rH country pro»»erty to ex-
rhßnge. M. GKIFriN, 71S Market «t-, S. F.,
near CaJl. building.
TO I,BA»E.
FINE building lots In renter <¦( Stockton City;
cheap. McUUfIUN * CO.. 777H Market.
ttO ACK^S in Stanislaus County, near rail-
read: water; growing crops; under fence and
til ether Improvements. For particulars ad-
dress or call W. P. CROW. 1834 Polk, city.
iIARION GRIFFIN. Tl9 Market, nr. Call bldg.
Land tor sale In Sonoma. Contra Costa. Glenn.
K»r.ta Cnir. Fhasta and Tehama Cos.. Cal.
J!>D tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tet. K620.
2 A NO. 1 young cows: calves 4 days old; each
rn_k C gals. day. 1!_ Folsom St.
COTTAGE of ; rooms and bath; lot 2Sxl_. 310
Diamond rt.. near Twentieth: no agents.
f3SOO — WORTH $4'XKf: store. 3 rooms, bath; flat
above. 5 rooms, bath: rented 130. 1417 Pacific.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching, external. Internal or protruding
pllef. without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 162$ Devlsadero st., near Sutter.
I AYE ycu real estate in the Mission or Hor-
r.er's Addition that you wish to dlscose o!
then call on W. J. GUNN, iSO California st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
IF you have lots in Richmond district, north of
th* Park, t.iat you wish to fell quickly then
call en W. J. GUNN. E3O California St.
LAS PALMAS. 1&20 Market st.— .Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private: bath: sin. rms.; board optional.
HOTEL SALISBURY, liyde and Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
ARRIVED.
SUNDAY, March IS.
Stmr George Loomls, Brldgett, 33 hours from,
Ventura. ¦ .
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 32 hours from
Crescent City.
Br stmr Carmarthenshire, Burch. 36 days
EXCELLENT board, bath, phone, fine room
for two gentlemen. $33: 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny and Market: references.
A— HOTEL. La Normandle. 226 Eddy— Sunny
suites and single rooms; everything new; first-
class table and service; prices moderate.
NEW family hotel; first class in all appoint-
ments: excellent table: special Inducement* to
select people. SOT California St.. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
TO SAIL.
UKAL. _S»TAT_— -CITV KOlt 5A1.12.
VT. E. LANE, phone M*ln :ii. 60J Callrornla
Ft.: everybody's plumber.
PLI'MHEHS.
TO ARRIVE.
riIYSICIA.XS AXD SinUEOSS.
SAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor, near Market -An
ur-to-date fireproof building; . elevator; new
furniture; hot and ro'.d water; radiators; salt
sea bath*; suites and Mngle rooms.
ALASKA fur ira.nr.er.t«!. hoods.' mitts, leather
<•"»!> H. M. HHTNEMAN. 10s Sansome «t.
ROYAL HOUSE. KG Ellis st.— lncandescent
light. readlnK room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per nl«ht. 35c to $1 50; week, }2
to $8; month. %S to $20: elevatf-r on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
from Hongkong, via Yokohama 23 days, via
San Dtezo.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall. S2H hours from Vlc
torla-and Pug-et Sound. •
Strnr F.onlta. Nicolson. 71 hours from New
port, etc.
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons. 13 hours from Eureka.
Schr Newark. Beck. 16 hours from Bowens
Landlnc
SAILED.
SUNDAY. March W,
Stmr Noyo. Hansen. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Thistle, Peterson. Bristol Bay. ,
Stmr Samca. Jahnwn, Eureka.
Stmr Navarro. Jensen, .
Stmr Corona. Glelow, San Dieeo.
Ptmr Mary D Hnme. Doran. Seattl*
Stmr EmDire. Nelson. Coos Bay.
I'ark Alden Besse. Potter. Honolulu.
Bktne Irmge.rd. Schmidt. Hllo.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. .
Schr Lily, Bottyer, Umpqua.
* TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March IS— lO p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind NVV, velocity 1« miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived March IS— Stmr Aloha,
hence March 17; schr J G Wall, hence March *.
Palled March 1« — Stmr Pruncwlck. for San,
Francisco; stmr Ruth, for San Francisco; stmr
Alnha. for Crescent City.
COOS BAY— Sailed March IS— Stmr Signal,
for . '
ASTORlA— Arrived March 13— Bktne Gleaner,
hence February 2S.
Sailed March IS— Br stmr Strathgyle. for San
Dle»o.
GREENWOOD-Salled March IS— Stmr Alca
trai. for San Fe<lro.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 17— Jap stmr Id
zumi Msru. from Yokohama. March 11 — Stmr
City of Topefca. frem Sfcaguay; bark Northern
Llsht. frrwri Honolulu.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived March IS— Schr Azalea.
fmm Grays Hprbor.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived March 17— Schr
Henry Wilson, from Astoria: schr A J West.
from Port Townseml.
Sailed March 17— Bktne Benlcla. for Sydney;
schr Ida McKay, for Pan V*\rr>.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed March 11— Br stmr Bel
gian Kins, for San Diego. ¦
MANlLA— Arrived March 13— Br stmr Port
Albert, from Seattle.
OCEAN. STEAMERS. - ;>
NEW YORK— Arrived . March IS— Stmr La
Gascotme. from Havre.
PORTLAND. Me.— Arrive*! March 13— Stmr
Vancouver, from Liverpool.
BREMEN— Arrived March IS— Stmr Munehen.
from Baltimore.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed March l«-3tmr. New
York from Southampton, for Newr York.
QUEENPTOWN— SaiIed March IS— Stmr Bo
vie. from Liverpool, for New York.
LADIES' and rents' oa^t-off clothlnr bought and
so.d. E'lvermsn. !>M Folsom; tel Folsom 1191.
II" yea wirh full value fnr your cart-off cloth-
'.r.r ca!! or. H. Cohrn. ir.7 Third: t«4 Black 4123.
WANTED— OId pold for manuTg. O. NOLTK.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
iIME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ra'.ria; nil fain leaves like- magic from her
wonderfully rifted hsnds. 1343 Howard et.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
£* Jfes &>
AT SWTTZER'P HORSE MARKET. Twelfth
and Harrison. TUESDAY. March 20, of 10 head
of broke and unbroken ¦ Horses, ranging In
weight from 1000 to I^oo poneds. and from 4 to «
years old. Horses will be at yards for Inspec-
tion Sunday, March I*.
SULLIVAN ft DOTLE.
Livestock Anctloneers; Office 32T Sixth st.
MONDAY. MARCH 19.
Sun rises.. TTTTTTTm 6:15
Sun sets..- 8:20
Moon rises...'. ; 9M5 p. m.
NOTE— In the ebove exposition of the> tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive, tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column rives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides,, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by* the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
JKSSIn. '.V., r.tar the Mint— For two, |7; also
Fir^le room's.
LKCiAL AJ»'. KICTISK.UK.NTS.
NOTICE of sale of personal property— Notice
Is hereby given, that pursuant to an order of
the Superior Court of the city and county of
San Francisco. State- of California. In the
matter of the estate of CATHARINA ROT-
KNKOLBER. deceased, the undersigned, the
administrator of the estate of said deceased,
will sell at private sale to the highest bid-
der for cash, on and after March 20th, 1900,
at the office of Geo. D. Shadburne. 616 Sacra-
mento street, said city and county, where
bids for said property will be received, all
that certain personal property, to wit.: 10
rhares of the capital stock of Kohler A
Chase. This March 13. 1900. GEORGE ROT-
EN KOLBER. Administrator of the Estate of
Catharina Hotenkolber. deceased.
HYDE. 123 — Nicely furnished rooms; single and
double; reasonable.
HOWARD. from $1 week up to J3,
2f>c to $1 night: also housekeeping romos.
SLAUGHTER OF HORSES
ORMONDE STABLES. 1515 MISSION ST..
Between 11th and 12th.
SO Head Young Country Horseo: Large and
Small; All Broke: Tuesday. March 20th. at 11
O'clock. No Reserve or Limit.
SULLIVAN * DOYLE.
'Anctloneers. Offlce 327 Sixth st.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 77 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutehlnscn Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company. No. 527 Market St.. oti and
after Tuesday, March TO, 1900. Transfer books
will close on Wednesday. March 14, 1900. at
S p. m. K. 11. SHKLDOX, Secretary.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission . St.— Select
family rooming house: !1 50 to {8 per week.
DIVIDEM) .NOTICK*.
GOLDJJN GATE aye., Shi— Furnished rooms;
{7 and $10.
OAKM.M) PL'K.MTURG KOII jjALK.
AN introduction to you from 11.' Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
2 FINE sunny rcoms; unfurnished; rent low.
28 Grary st.
GEARY. 40", (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
e«l rcoms ;sultes or single; travelers accom.
GIRARD HOUSE. 192 Seventh— Pleasant sunny
I rix>nig; day or week; moderate rates.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
pt.t.tkJ tQlt— Elegant, modern sunny rooms;
l>»;h: twrJcr; iT.vate family; meals optional.
FELL, d— Family owning home will accom-
mc-Atc a few gentlemen.
roLSOM. X;. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnifLc-d rooms; suites or single; new mgmt.
IS NOT A LADY
KLLIS. 31S— Elegantly furnished front and back
parior: h\*j sincrle room.
r.iLHivntv.
MMH. Neergaard. Vr*x. fct. <i-rrnitin Colleg- o ;
! alniittry: reads 1 to *. «il« <'.»nrr. nr . J° n _,
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
__\*a!eac:a et. •
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
t!sements nr.d subscriptions has been opened
_"t \tTi Polk et. : open till 9 p. m.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
VAN NESS ave...«00— 3 neatly furnished con-
necting rooms; stationary tubs; fine yard;
sun all day; northeast corner. -''.:^
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
wllf be celebrated for the repose of his sonl
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary cem-
eterj-.
MATICK— In this city, March IS, 19C0, Lou!« M<,
dearly beloved husband of Annie Matlck and
loving father of May. Lizzie : and Annie
Mattlck and Mrs. Luke Battles, a nntlve of
Ragossa, Austria, aged 73 years and 6 days.
ICT Notice of funeral hereafter. \.
McCULLOUGH— In this city. March 18. 1900,
Peter, beloved husband of the late. Annie Mc-
Cullough ahd father of Mary, Katherine and
Peter McCullough, a native of Legcloughfln,
County Tyrone. Ireland, aged 63 years.
McGUIRE— In this city. March 17, 1900, ' Ma-
rgaret E., beloved wife of Frank J. McGulre.
mother of Frank X., Edna L., Albert A..
¦ Myrtle -1., Thomas and the late Mary . Mc-
Guire, daughter of Mary and the late Thomas
' Reynolds, and sister of James, Mary. John,
Katie and the late Thomas F. Reynolds, a
native of San Francisco, ¦ aged 34 years S
months and 28 days. .
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral: to-morrow
'(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock. ' from her late resi-
dence, !?2 Gates street, off. Cortland avenue,
I'ernal Heights, thenfe to ft. John's Church
(formerly St. Mary's College \, where a retjuiem
> high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . . - '¦
MONAGHAN— In this city," March 17, 1900, Jo-
seph H., beloved son of Hugh and Ihe late
Catherine Mona»lian. and brother of Thomas
an-J the late John and William Monaghan, a
native of San Frar.cleco. aged 32 year*.
ETFriends and acaualntances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at S:3O - o'clock, from the parlors
of Care"w & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, Mission street,
near Third, where a solemn requiem high
• mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MORESCO— In this city, March IS, 1900. John,
d'-arly beloved son of Domenico and the late
Maria Moresco and brother of Mrs. Maria
Flßone, Angela Marlnl. Louisa Luechettl and
Rosa Ferrari, a native of San Francisco, eged
25 years 9 months and 13 clays.
E?" Friends and acaualntances nre respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday.) at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, -16 Union plaoe, off Union street, be-
tween iwppnt and Stockton, thence- to Gari-
baldi Hall. 42S Ilroadway, where services will
be held under the aus:ilces of Alpine Grove
No. 108, U. A. O. D. Interment New Italian
Cemetery.
MORRIS— March 17, 1900. Lulie Klnney, betbved
wife of James H. Morris. .
ICTThe funeral services will , take place
at A«ua Callente. Sonoma County, Cal., this
day (Monday), nt 1 o'clock. Interment Tues-
day mornlns at Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland.
MURPHY— Tn this city, March IS, 1900, Mary,
beloved wife of John Murp"..y,' mother of the
late Mrs. Daniel Gavlgan. Mrs. John Cousrh-
lin. Mrs. Elinor Dunn antl Catherine Murphy,
a native of Ireland, aged fi7 years.
ITTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to nttend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesdsv), at 8:30 o'clock, from, her late resi-
dence 60 Sharon street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the jepose of her
soul, commenelnir at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MYER— In this city. March 17, 1900, Adelle.
beloved wife of Nathan Myer. and mulher of
Mrs S D Schoe.nfeld. Mrs. Albert Stelner
and*A*W and Henriette Myer, a nillve of
Germany, aged 73 years and 3 months. (Lou-
* lsvllle. 'Ky., papers please copy.)
(CTFrlends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday) at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
Albert Stelner, 16^4 Post street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
NJELSEN-In this city. March 18. ISOO. Thomas
F J dearly beloved and only child of Cap-
tain Thomas and; Olivia Nielsen, a native
of San Francisco, aged 6 months and 19 days.
PARKER-In the City and County Hospital,
March 18. 1900, Thomas Parker, a native of
California, aged 35 years. i *
REARDON— In this city. March 17, 1900. John
J. beloved husband of Hannah Reardon. and
father of Nellie Reardon and Mrs. Kittle
Sand?, a native of Blarney, County Cork,
Ireland, ased 52 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock* from his late resi-
dence. 415 Harriet street.- thence to 9t. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass -will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
menclnr at 9 o'clock. . Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ROUGHAN-In the City and County Hospital.
March 18, 1900, Annie Roughan, a native of
California, aged 27 years.
ROWLAND— In this city, March IS, 1300.
Laura, dearly beloved daughter of Mary and
the late \V. T. Rowland and sister of Willis
T. Rowland. Mrs. T. J. Clark of New York
and Alice Rowland, aged 15 years 6 months
and 20 days. (Portland. Or., and New York
City papers please copy.)
jCT-Notice of funeral hereafter.
SCHAERER— In this city. March 18. 1900. Maria,
beloved daughter of Emiel and Mary Schaerer
and sister of Emelie Schaerer. a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 months and 18 days.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). March 20,. at 10 o'clock, from 623
Commercial street, between Kearny and
Montgomery. Interment Odd Fellows Ceme-
tery.
SCHULTZ— In this city, March 16.. 1900, Henri-
etta Schultz, wife of the late John Schultz,
and beloved mother of Frank and Charles
Schultz. Mrs. C. J. Gambia. Mrs. M. E. Gray
and William and Annie Schultz. a native of
Germany, aged 70 years and 1 day.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 17 Bruce place, off Folsom street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
STOUT— In this city, March 18, 1900, Charles 8..
beloved husband of the late Marie E. Stout
and father of Charles E. Stout, a native of
lowa, aged 64 years. . '.
tZf Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr A
Cq., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Elshth. ¦
TAYLOR— In this city. March 17, 1900, Stephen
H., beloved husband of Annie Taylor, and
father of Stella, Sadie and Gussle Taylor, a
native of Virginia, aged 62 years.
(r_yFr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the' funeral' this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late regl-
denc». 101 Ash avenue, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
'repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Inferment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TIETJEN— In this city, March 17. 1900, at his
residence. 2430 Harrison street, near Twenty-
first, John; dearly beloved husband of Sophie
Tietjen, father of Millie, Fred. Henry, Ed-
ward and the late Ernest Tietjen, brother of
Herrmann Tietjen. and uncle of Fred Schober.
a natlvo of Germany, aged 72 years 9 months
and 14 days. A member of Concordla Lodge
No. 122. I. O. O. F. ¦
(£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. Johannes
German Evangelical I^utheran Church, Twen-
ty-second street, between Howard and Mis-
sion. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WAINWRIGHT-In this city. March 18. 1900,
Edward V."., beloved husband of I^evina
Walnwrlght, father of Dofothy and Emily
Watnwright. son of William and Annie Waln-
wrlght and brother of Harry H.. Elizabeth
A., Anna and Will G. Walnwrlght, a native
of San Francisco, aged 37 years 2 months and
18 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday.) at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 3 Tremont avenue, near Waller street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WAKEMAN— In this city, March 18, 1300, Claus
Wakeman. a native of Neuenklrchen Amt Ot-
terndorf. Hanover, Germany, aged C? years.
(ETRemalns at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metrler, 6J« Washington street. 1 .
STATE'S MINES AND
OIL WELLS ACTIVE
.-.''' " " '
Large Deal in Trinity County— Gravel Devel
opment at Turkey Hill— petroleum Lands
Bring Fortunes to Speculators.
mINING men will be interested in
the terms of a bill which has
been Introduced in the Senate of
the United States by Chaumsey
M. Depew for the promotion of mining,
mineral and metallurgical sciences in this
country. The measure has been referred
to the Committee on Mines and Mining.
It starts with a i preamble setting forth
that as the products of the mining and
mineral industry last year contributed the
enormous sum of $1,000,000,000 to the wealth
of the country, rivaling the product of
agriculture, and as the general Interests
of agriculture are fostered by Government
aid through the provisions of the Hatch
and Morrill acts to the extent of $10,000 per
annum to each State afT& Territory, there
fore it appears but just and proper that
the general Government should endow
and support in a similar manner the in
terests of the mining, metallic and metal
lurgical sciences of the country. One sec
tion provides that for the year ending
June 30, 1900, there shall be appropriated
to each State and Territory from moneys
derived from the sale of the public lands
and not otherwise appropriated the sum
;of $13,u00, this appropriation to be . in
creased and made annual at the rate or
an additional JlwO-per annum until the
end of ten years, when the amount to each
State and Territory will be *,25,0w). lhat
will be the amount thereafter annually
appropriated "for the endowment of and
: maintenance of the department of mines
and mining in all State or Territorial
schools or colleges now established or
which may hereafter be established.
! What the schools are to do in return for
I this assistance is set forth as follows:
It shall be the object and duty of said
Bchools or colleges of mines receiving the
bpiiedt of said fund to .conduct original
i*!>earch or veriry experiments on the min
eral bearing rocks or deposits of the various
economical metals of the several States
an.l Territories: to investigate the build
ing stones, mineral fuels, clays and all
mineral deposits "of whatsoever nature that
may exist in any of the States or Terri
tories; to experiment on processes of min
ing, ventilation, milling and the effective
ness and economy of mining machinery,,
and the various processes of ore treatment
and metallurgy, to give instructions in
assaying, methods of analysis, metallurgy,
mineralogy, petrology, geology and kindred
sciences, which have a bearing on work
necessary to an Intelligent mining and
metallurgical education. It shall b» the
duty of the governing boards of the school
of mines, with the advice of the president
or director, to Indicate and outline, from
time to time, special lines of work to b*
carried on, as the nature of the mineral
products . of such State or Territory may
suggest as being a fruitful field for profit
able research.
Oil discoveries have been made in gold
placer ground in Mohave County, Arizona.
This Is in the Chemehuevis district. The
oil sand is reported to be found any where
in a strip of four miles wide and extend
ing from the banks of the Colorado River
to the Chemehuevi3 range of mountains.
There is a rush into the territory from
Northern Arizona. Speculators from
Kingman and other places have laiid in
the supposed belt. The oil sand is re
ported to be very "greasy."
Negotiations are pending at Salt Lake
for the consolidation of Captain de la
Mar's mines with those of the Mercur
Mining: Company. President Dern of the
Mercur Company has gone to Paris, where
he will meet Captain de la Mar and com
plete the details of consolidation. The
union of the properties has been under
discussion many, months. Captain de la
Mar opened up the negotiations nnd found
the directors of the Mercur Company
ready to meet him half -way. The consol
idated company will start with a capital
of $10,000,000, according to the story that is
sent in from Salt I>ake.
The Paulssen properties in Trinity
County and on the Trinity River have
been purchased by the Philadelphia capi
talists who compose the Last Chance Min
ing Company: also the Union Hill mine,
near* Douglass City, and one-half of the
interest in^ the Dutton. Creek properties,
southwest of Weavervllle. The deal takes
in about 1670 acres of land and ditches
and water rights on Grass Valley Creek.
The price was $125,000, all but $10,000 to be
paid from the profits.. but with the pro
viso that the last payment shall be made
not later than September, 1903. Next
month 100 men will be put to work.
Here is a piece of information from the
Mining Press that is useful. To deter
mine whether a given low grade gold or
silver ore can be profitably concentrated
take a weighed quantity of dry pulverized
ore passed through a 40-mesh screen,
such as will be the average sample of
the bulk of ore treated, say one pound,
after having previously assayed the sam
ple. Pan this quantitly carefully into a
second pan and repan until all the sul
phurets are separated from the gangue:
then dry and weigh the sulphurets and
assay, them. The weight represents the
percentage of sulphurets the ore contains.
A sulphuret, in the old nomenclature, was
a compound of sulphur with a radical ele
ment. -In the latest nomenclature it has
been superseded by the term sulphide,
but is used to designate certain native
undecomposed metallic sulphides, as /fold
bearing pyrites. A sulphate Is a salt of
sulphuric acid.
The Boston and South. Dakota Mining
Company is extensively opening up the
Turkey Hill gravel mine, near Michigan
Bluff. The main tunnel, which has been
driven in 4400 feet in former workings, has
been extended 350 feet* and has encoun
tered blue gravel. The gravel is 2a feet
above the tunnel level. Crosscuts 1 and 2
have been started. The channel Is about
1000 feet in width. The company has pur
chased the Dead Horse ditch and will
soon install an electric plant.
The expectation is entertained that the
Union copper mine. In Calaveraa County.
will 1 be clear of water sbon. All the old
ironwork will be taken out and. as it is
coated with copper, it will be saved for
the copper. It is not settled whether the
old shaft will be used or a new one put
down. By the old shaft and incline it is
1000 feet, and by putting in a new shaft
about 400 feet ran be saved.
A. W Warwick, who has been writing
a series of articles on the subject of ore
dressing, sums up his conclusions prac
tically as follows: Gradual reduction of
ore to the desired size will be a feature
of the medern mill. In the newer mills
the cii-shtiiK department will be regarded
as distinct 'a division as the engine room
itself. Mere capacity of the crushing
plant " and a low cost of handling will
not be the ruling ideas. A well crushed
product will" render the after operations
simpler, cheaper and more efficacious. If
a secondary crushing plant is necessary
the interesting question arises whether it
would not be the best policy to crush the
whole of the rock more coarsely and
thus make more' of the middlings. The
advantages of this scheme are two: At
one operation the large amount of barren
material is removed; also the cost of
crushing Would not be so great.
In July 18S6. the Lost Confidence mine
in Shasta County was bought for $125,000
by San Francisco men, the sum of $00.000
being paid in cash and the remainder was
to bepald from the profits of the mine.
These parties paid out $100,000 and
stopped. The property was purchased by
the Mountain Mines . Company (limited)
of London In 1804. the price being $200,000.
Since ?ipn -the •'.' expenditures <have
amounted to about $1,000,000 and the esti
mated annual profit on the matte copper
produced is $500,000. ' T
The oilbelt in the city of : Los Angele3
Is •'till so poorly, defined that many more
wells, are likely to be put down in tho
near future. A few years ago the resl
dents of Weßtlake Park fancied that the
oii industry would never invade that sec
tion : The "Los Angeles Times points out
that they were mistaken and- says that
the same awakening .may. soon come to
the owners of pronerty on Figueroa and
Adams ¦¦'¦ streets. * There is no guarantee
that by sinking to the depth of 2000 feet
or so "oil might not be ; tapped in that
S . The > demand for really first-class oil
tends continues. The oil districts in Kern
County and in many other parts of the
San JoaquHn Valley are filled up with
strangers who are looking ; over the land
and listening to: the stories of the con
tractors, stockholders and ¦ land owners.
Many transfers have been -made in the
last few mnrrths.. Meanwhile the oil con
tinues 'to ¦ flow and to : give hasis -to the
dreams of the many. Several deals have
beehmadd during the' past week, some of
these «in Southern • California. ..-At : New
hall, in Southern California, a . quarter in
terest" in attract'- was sold ¦at -the "rate
of> $100 -per acre, the land being unde
veloped, although surrounded by wells.
Land was selling in that .vicinity* a few
months ago at $5 to $10 per acre , and wat
not going very fast at those figures. 1
Ten " miles ' of lanfl along the Klamath
River has recently been bonded by J. H.
Barton for tne Postlethwalte Dred^lngr
Company In Siskiyou County. This com
pany .has dredgers on the Feather River.
They will begin to prospect on the Kla
math soon and If their findings are satis
factory will erect a large dredging plant
there. - * ¦ "
THE SAN FB ANCISCO C|ALLi, MONDAY, MARCH: ! 1 9, 1900.
Kr M Wr w\ Hf Bl\^^B^^^HH^^^^B^^^^^^S^S^S^M^P^^^B^P^Bl^B^B^B^S^BS»MßSS»»^B»»»i^B'^^B»»^M^»»»»»»»^^™
/fi thß Go!dneids
Up^JH Winchester Ammunition
KiliaßfiH Al wa y s reliable, sold everywhere. Send
BS^H^B name and address on a postal card for
P\ R TfiSS 160-page illustrated catalogue. It is free.
Hnf//^ Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
bfo* i: SrWl 418 Market street » San Francisco, Cal.
FRUITVALE I-UUNISUED COTTAGES.
A LOVELT cottage, furnished, to rent (four
months or longer), to adults i-tily; location
unsurpassed. Inquire "James" Cottage, Frult-
vnle aye., cor. Pleasant St.; electric cars paas
door.- - - . . , j
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND UF.AL ESTATE.
{4300 WILL buy new modern house, 12 rooms;
flu* Improvrnientß: large stable. 1520 Eighth
aye.. Oakland: keys next door south.
AUCTION SALES
GRAND EXHIBITION
AND
AUCTION SALE
Of the Greatest Collection o:
ANTIQUE AND ittODERN JAPANESE
AND CHINESE OBJECTS OF
ARTS AND CURIOS
Ever Placed Before the Public of San Franc'.sco.
Sale Begins Tais"DAY, Monday,
March -19th.
To Continue Dally at 11 a. m.. 2 p. in.. 7 p. m.
SW COR. GEART an.l STOCKTON sts..
Opposite the City of Paris and Union Sauarft.
' T. MeDONALD. Auctioneer.
United. States . Coart and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the- Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur, at
the city front (Missiort-atreet wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
AUCTION SALE
*» _&_
100 HEAD OF HORSES AND MULES.
(Must be sold.»
At IR3 MARKET ST.. near Twelfth.
THIS DAY.
MONDAY. March ». 13W).
At 11 o'clock. Rain or shine.
HOWARD. ISllA— Furnished room, with use of
lath; board optional.
MINNA. C 67, correr Eighth— New furnished bay
window room. {1 per week; transient.
'iilE faxhioncble people all en to LEDERER'S
to have t!i?Jr hair dref-s»d; newest i-tyles and
!ates-t eSceU, 21c; manicuring, ISc;" neate&t
liarlers In the city. 123 Stockton st.
MINNA. 571B— Nice sunny bay-window rooms;
everything clean; rent $« and JS per month.
ALAND'S second-hand rlothintr store. 79 Ninth:
fuii value Elvn fur ladles', children's cuft-oS
clothing, trunks, etc. Khone. Howard Ilg2.
NINTH. S3— Nicely furnished sunny rooms to
let. . ,
NOE. 153—2 yur.ny bay-window rooms: upper
corner flat; gas Etove: grate; bath; $14.
O'FARRELL. 50— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
I"OWrLL, 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or single; running water; g»s; reas.
ROSEDALE House, 319 & 321 Ellis st— Rooms,
night. 2Jc to ? 1; week. $1 25 to 51; open night.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in J«t either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of pet-
eons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
RAPHAEL— Tn this city, February 6, 1900, to
the wife of George Raphael, a eon.
REISSINGER-In Marvsville, March 15, 1900,
to the wile of Michael Relsslnger, a son.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH. 8023. near Mission— FTont room,
nicely furnished; bath and phone.
ST. PETER'S HOUSE, 705 California— Changed
hands; nicely furnished rooms; also house-
keeping rorniF.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A jroo.l rooming house
fcr good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE HOWARD HOUSE. 549 Howard Ft.— Nice
single rooms. 75c week up: double. SI 25.
TURK. 19. and U22 Market (Parker House)—
Nicely furnished Funny suites; also other
rooms; rent reasonable; by day. week or mo.
VALENCIA. S34 I*—Sunny1 *— Sunny front room nnd
kitchen; furnished: rent reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A. U. FPECK & CO.
I/oan Money.
an llaiket at., opposite Kearnr.
tSO.OOif— Grand corner. 75 ft. front; half block
fiom Market St.. not far from 6th; rents iSOO.
J.-.5.V0 — Itare investment: vicinity Powell and
G«=ary; 4-* tory brick building; stores and lodg-
Ing lioijs» above; 36 feet ir^.nt.
$45. C0O — Corner; rer.tu 1400; aiojern impi-ove-
n-'enis; tot HtaclSS feet.
i2»j.;AC— Near Eddy and Jcne*; store and 26
rooms above; modern: pays 7 per cent net.
J24.H*.— Sixth *t ; 7i fe»t frunt; rents J!400
}farl\; good building*: 4 stores.
IS 00 — 6i> «-lecr.nt n~w flats: lr.t STxlftO ft.;
all rer.irti tor JS4 a. month: rrand bargain.
17T'O — Six good flats: rrnts $900 yearly; down-
town: lot st' feet front.
1 6r>nO — S choice flat?; Hayc« Et. ; mortgage
ftOOO: a fV.KV-
?:£">9 — f""rr,er stnre and 6-room Cat; rents $37;
[oreclomic
13150—41 f-atfi within few blocks of Sth and
Market Bt».J rents fK.
fl7Do— Two nice Sats; rents fIS 50.
£73.0— Hlx ronnie and lot 4.1x72 feet.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 657 Market st.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market St.— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny rooms: en suite or sin-
gle; with or without board; table first class;
reduced rates.
VAN NESS aye., 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms
and beard; furnished and unfurnished; 120 up.
ROOMS papered from »3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done: Hartman Paint Co., Sl9 Third.
sewing machi.m:s and surrLies.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. 145 6th; phone Mint 43.
It UAL, ESTATE — COL'VTKV — Fop Sale
A CKNI'INE "Snap" ljarsain; must sell this
week: SO acres very richest of highly culti-
vated level loam in crop; not an inch of
waste: fenced: 110 bearing fruit trees; resi-
dence, barn. 2 wells, etc.; l!i miles from city;
only $25>00.
N. I). FICKELR— the LAND AGENT.
' 10 Geary St.. opp. Chronicle building, S. F.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
A BARGAIN; tV*<> rrtch for $1200: 160 acres.
!iouse. barn, stock, furniture: all level; party
point: to Oapf Nome. Particulars to 11. IIAT-
;;.U!D, Hunters. Tehama County Cal.
STOHACK A.M> WAREHOUSES.
EEKINS Van and Storage. Co., 1340 Market M.:
tel. South 533; packing, moving and storage.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post st., cor, Powell; tel. Main 5713.
BEKIN'B Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market;
te). South "3"r. packing, moving and storage.
WANTED to l»ase about 3000 «q. ft. floor
*pace; bounded by Second, Market. Fremont
and Howard. CARL F. HAAS. 417-419 Mission.
JHOO— CORNER lot: Bant* Clara aye.; SOxlSO;
near &Ir.iton-rt. station.
tin*— Fine lot; SOxUv; Par", st.. near the
bar: bargain.
tIOOO— Elegant let. west Fide ef Lafayotts st..
r* hi San Antonio aye.; snsp.
$I?0O— New medern 3-rooni house: Alameda
*\*nu«-. iir-ar I-ufayette st.: large lot.
JliOO— New Colonial. 7-room cottage: Grand
ft., near Alameda aye.; easy Installments;,
large lot: map.
Bargains in all psrts cf Alnmeda; all the
kbeve can be bought on easy terms.
Offlce on; ' n Kundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
' 1500 Park »t.. Alameda. ,
JUPT finishing modern 2-story 7-room house;
mil and lneix-ct this week at 2ir<G Buena Vista
aye.; price f2TSO: terms; HVfi will build new
liou*e of 9 rooms: lot (OxlDO: Kan Antonio
«ye.; terms. J. 11. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
TOYO KISEN KAISBIi
STEAMER? WILL LEAVE WHARFj COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p m
for YOKOHAMA snd HONGKONG, calling at
Kotv» (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cafgo received on board on day
of sailing. '
HONOKONG MARH Saturday. March 31
NIPPON MARIT Wednesday. April 25
AMERICA MAKU.... Saturday. May 19
Via Honolulu. . .
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofSce.
421 Market St.. corner Flr»t.
W. 11. AVERT. Oneral Agent.
WfrPfiSi I:Ul9 vla Honolulu and
16 •*• Auckland for Sydae?
•I~^-—^ Wednesday. March 21.
_. ? (prom*- ™°.r? y P . •£«•->
¦-* Favorite , line around the world via Hawaii.
Saniu*.' New Zealand. Australia. India, Sue*.
tncUnd. etc. ; }SlO first class. .
J. it. •**••». Oact.3 v dht<4. Ci».. ngts.. '14 Montaomeri
Pier 7. Foal Pacific St. FrsisM Orrtc«.32 l Mvkat St
DIED.
Becherer, Emille McGulre, Margaret E.
Urasche. G. H. Monashan, Jos«-i>h H.
Urown, Margaret More«co. John
Carty, Nellie Morrlp, Lulle Klnney
Dixon. Henry F. Jlurphy, Mary
Delamer, Herbert "J. Myer, Adelle
Duserre, Eugenic Nielsen, Thomas F.
Ellis, Lucy Parker, Thomas
Filmer. William Reardon. John J.
Fisher. Dr. Frank H. Roujhan, Annie
Hall, John Rowland, Laura
Hempel, Amalle Schaerer, Maria
Kennerson. William Schults. Henrietta
Klehl. Jacob Stout, Charles S.
Kilian, Anna Taylor, Stephen 11.
Lonergan. James H. Tietjen, John
Matlck, Louis M. Walnwrlsht, Edward
McCullough, Peter Wakeman, Claus
BECHERER— In this city, March 17. 1900, Emi-
lle. beloved wife of Charles F. Becherer. and
sister of August and Albert Mack, a-natlve of
Germany, aged 75 years and 1 month. •
E7The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeial par-
lors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission «treet.
Mission Masonic Temple. Interment private.
BRASCHE— In San Mateo, llarch 16, 1900, G.
H. Brasche, uncle of Mrs. Charlotte Claassen
and Mrs. Josie Handy, a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 78 years S months and 8 days.
BROWN— In this city, March 18, 1900, Margaret,
beloved wife of the late James Brown and
mother of William J., Jamee P., Mary Anne
and Nellie Brown, a native of County Lim-
erick. Ireland, aged 6S years.
EyNotlce fit funeral hereafter.
CARTY— In t^uisun, March 15. 1900, Nellie, be-
loved daughter of Michael and Mary Carty,
mother of Charles Brown, and sister of James
and Michael Carty, Sister Mary Anthony of
Berkeley, Mrs. L. Peterson and Mrs. W.
Bartman, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years. •
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister IS2IH Kearny street. Between
Union 'and Green. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
DIXON— In this city, March 17, 1900, Henry
Francis, dearly beloved son of John and Mary
Dixon, and brother of William M., Maud,
Mamie and Frances Dixon, a native of San
Francisco, aged 14 years 1 month and- 22
days.
C7FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at S:l3 o'clock,- from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Britld's Church, corner of Van Ness
avenue and Broadway, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment private at Holy Cross Cemetery.
DELAMER— In this city. March 18,1900, Herbert
Joseph Delamer, a native of Kings County,
Ireland, and late resident of San Diego, Tex.,
aged 61 years. (San Antonio, Tex., and King-
man, Ariz., papers please copy.)
Interment at Sap. Bernardino, Cal.
DUSERRE— In this city. March IS, 1900, Eu-
genic, beloved daughter of Joseph- and Ger-
trude Duserre and sister of Mrs. J. Winfleld,
Mrs. J. Leneronl and Gertie, Octavia and Jo-
seph Duserre, aged 21 years and 4 months.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, which will
take place Wednesday, at 10 o'clock. The cor-
tege will proceed from her late residence, 423
Filbert street, to the French Church of Notre
Dame dcs Vlctolres, on Bush street.
ELLIS— In the City and County Hospital,
March 17, 1900. Lucy Ellis, a native of Penn-
sylvania, a*e<l 57 years.
FILMER— In this city. March IS. 1900, William
Kilmer, father of William, Parker. George
and John Filmer, a native of Chatham, Kent
County, England, aged 74 years 2 months and
2S days.
|C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), st 2 o'clock, frqm the Masonic
Temple, under the auspices of King Solomon's
Lodge No. 260. F. and A. M. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
FISHER— In New Tork City. March 12. 1900.
Dr. Frank H.. beloved husband of Maude
Berry Fisher and only son of Mr. and Mrs.
Georce W. Fisher, aged 31 years and • S
months.
. ICT'Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend tho funeral services to-morrow (Tues-
day). March 20, at 2 o'clock, at the First
Presbyterian Church, corner ¦of - Fourteenth
and Franklin streets. Oakland. Interment
private.
HALL— In this city. March 1», 1900. John Hall,
a native of New York, aged 63 years.
' tth/"Remalns at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jacob fc Co., 318 Mason stceet, be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
HKMI'EI>— In this city, March 17, 1900, Amalle
Hempel. beloved wife of H. E. Hempel, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 75 years and 9 days.
C7Friendi> and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 232S Washington street. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
KENNERSON— In this city, March 15. 1900,
William, bvloveJ husband of Caroline Ken-
nerson, and father of Will, Henry,' Walter,
Nellie and Jimmle Kennerson. Mrs. F. Buck-
lneham. Mrs. D. .Sullivan and Mrs. L. Welk.
a native of Portland. Me., aged 70 years 7
months nnd 13 days. '
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Monday). Ht 9:4."> o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1117 Geary street. Interment Cypress
Lnwn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend street*.
KIEHL— I" thin city. March IS, 1000, Jacob,
beloved brother of the late Judge Karl Klchi
of Brooklyn, N. V., a native of St." Julian,
Rhelnpfalz. Germany, aged M years. A mem-
ber of the San Francisco Turn Vereln.
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the Oantner & Guntz Under-
taking Company, S and 10 City Hall square.
KILIAN— In thlß city, March IS, 1900. Anna,
beloved wife of August A. Kilian, a native of
German}', ajed «0 years.
inr Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr ft
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth, \- •
LONEROAN— In this city, March 17, 1909.
jamm H... dearly beloved husband of Mary
1./>ner;ran, .ami father -of Annie and James
l^onergnn. a native of County Tlpperary. Ire-
land, aged 62 years. A.. member of Terba
Buena Ixxlce No. IV A. O. U. W.
(fTT'riPnds and acquaintances" are respect-
fully Invited to nttend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 23 Sheridan street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a . requiem high ¦ maSs
THE 0. R. t R. CO.
DISPATCH TAST STEAMERS. TO
PORTLAND
From =r>-ar-*treet Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC il2 First Class InclU'llor Berth
rnilC SS Second Class and Meal*.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA 5ai15....... .....
.....llarch 24,-Aprt! 3
COLUMBIA *atl«. ..March 19. 29. April S
Short line to Walla 'Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points in the 'Northwest:
Through tickets to all points Ea*t.-<>aSJK3
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
• ' 639 Market st.
: GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
/¦ i 4;.-----": Superintendent*.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).*
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKRS.
.20 Fifth st. .-opposite Lincoln Scheol. -.
¦ >." . - Telephone South M.
9
O Time Time Time Time
2 Ft. Ft. Ft. - Ft.
? H W L, W H W L, W
19 ... 0:46 5.2 7:12 ».« 2:09 4.4 6:5S 2.4
» ... 1:12 5.3 7:06 9.5 3:03 4.1 7:39 *.«
!1 ... 1:45 5.3 g:4S O.S 4:01 4.0 8:27 3.0
!3 ... i:ta S.t 9:41 0.3 8:11 4.0 9:33 8.2
!3 ... 8:20 5.1 10:471 0.4 C:l« 4.1) 10:55 J. 2
!4 ... 4:31 5.0! 11:52 0.41 7:15! 4.41 !
L. XV 111 W L. W II W
5 ... 0:11 3.2| 5:51 5.0| 12:52] 0.4| 8:O2| 4.«
Steamer. I From. Due.
Arcata iOoo* Bay Mar. 1»
Mackinaw 'Seattle | Mar. 19
North Fork iHumboldt Mar. ft>
Pomonii 'San IMeeo iMar. 20
South FortlandlOyster Harbor IMar. 20
Colon ' (Panama Mar. 20
State California 'Portland IMar. t\
Czarina Puget Sound Mar. 21
Coos Bay N>*-port Mar. 22
Point Arena.... Polqt Arena Mar. 22
Washtenaw Tacoma IMar. 22
Aloha Creneent City IMar. 22
City of Pueb'.a. Victoria k Pucet SoundiMar. 23
Hon^k'ng Maru Oilna nn'l Japan ...IMar. 23
Samoa [Humboldt ...Mar. 23
Corona ISan Di»ro IMar. 24
Newbunc ....... [Grays Harbor.... IMar. SI
Opo. W. Klder.lFortland IMar. 26
From.
I Due.
Steamer. I Destination. I
Sails
1 Pier.
O. W. Elder] Portland iMar. 1\ 10 amiPlrr 2»
Newport ...IPannn-«i (M»r. !». 1! ro'PMSS
Q. Dollar... |Grays Harbor|Mar. 19. 5 pm|..:
Bonita Newport Mar. 20. V aml'l»r U
Del Norte..lOreKon Ports. l Mar. !0. lOamlPierM
Orizaba ....IHumbntdt IMar. ?0. ipmPl»r »
Arcata (Coos Bay Mar. JO, Apm Pier 13
Mariposa ..|Svdn«y Mar. 11. S pm Pier 7
Ig. Marlscal Mexico Mar. 21. 12 mlPier 13
fomoni — San Diego Mar. 22. 11 am Pier 11
Walla Wall! Vie & P*t Sd. Mar.JJ. 10 am'pi-r 9
Gaelic China&.Tapan Mar. 23. Ipm PMSS
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 23. !> am Pier 2
Hathor Hamburg Mar. 23. 10 am Pier 7
State of CaliPortlantl Mar. 24. 10 am Pier 21
Coos Bay... [Newport IMar. 24. »am Pier 11
Pt. Arena. .lPolnt Arena. .l Mar. 21. 2 pmlPler 2
O Time Time Time Time
2 Ft. Ft. Ft. - Ft.
? H W L, W H W L, W
19 ... 0:46 5.2 7:12 ».« 2:09 4.4 6:5S 2.4
» ... 1:12 5.3 7:06 9.5 3:03 4.1 7:39 *.«
!1 ... 1:45 5.3 g:4S O.S 4:01 4.0 8:27 3.0
!3 ... i:ta S.t 9:41 0.3 8:11 4.0 9:33 8.2
!3 ... 8:20 5.1 10:471 0.4 C:l« 4.1) 10:55 J. 2
!4 ... 4:31 5.0! 11:52 0.41 7:15! 4.41 !
L. XV 111 W L. W II W
5 ... 0:11 3.2| 5:51 5.0| 12:52] 0.4| 8:O2| 4.«
Steamer. I From. Due.
Arcata iOoo* Bay Mar. 1»
Mackinaw 'Seattle | Mar. 19
North Fork iHumboldt Mar. ft>
Pomonii 'San IMeeo iMar. 20
South FortlandlOyster Harbor IMar. 20
Colon ' (Panama Mar. 20
State California 'Portland IMar. t\
Czarina Puget Sound Mar. 21
Coos Bay N>*-port Mar. 22
Point Arena.... Polqt Arena Mar. 22
Washtenaw Tacoma IMar. 22
Aloha Creneent City IMar. 22
City of Pueb'.a. Victoria k Pucet SoundiMar. 23
Hon^k'ng Maru Oilna nn'l Japan ...IMar. 23
Samoa [Humboldt ...Mar. 23
Corona ISan Di»ro IMar. 24
Newbunc ....... [Grays Harbor.... IMar. SI
Opo. W. Klder.lFortland IMar. 26
From.
I Due.
Steamer. I Destination. I
Sails
1 Pier.
O. W. Elder] Portland iMar. 1\ 10 amiPlrr 2»
Newport ...IPannn-«i (M»r. !». 1! ro'PMSS
Q. Dollar... |Grays Harbor|Mar. 19. 5 pm|..:
Bonita Newport Mar. 20. V aml'l»r U
Del Norte..lOreKon Ports. l Mar. !0. lOamlPierM
Orizaba ....IHumbntdt IMar. ?0. ipmPl»r »
Arcata (Coos Bay Mar. JO, Apm Pier 13
Mariposa ..|Svdn«y Mar. 11. S pm Pier 7
Ig. Marlscal Mexico Mar. 21. 12 mlPier 13
fomoni — San Diego Mar. 22. 11 am Pier 11
Walla Wall! Vie & P*t Sd. Mar.JJ. 10 am'pi-r 9
Gaelic China&.Tapan Mar. 23. Ipm PMSS
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 23. !> am Pier 2
Hathor Hamburg Mar. 23. 10 am Pier 7
State of CaliPortlantl Mar. 24. 10 am Pier 21
Coos Bay... [Newport IMar. 24. »am Pier 11
Pt. Arena. .lPolnt Arena. .l Mar. 21. 2 pmlPler 2• Farcy Booth— Mrs. M. A. Ashlm. Mrs. Harry
Llchenstein. Mrs. , Mark Llchensteln, Mrs M.
Herzo.T. = Ml3ses :B. Goldstein, E. Levy. Julia
Herzc-K.' Eva : Gyle. Fannie Cojjn. Kay Feder. '
-Lemonade, Ice Cream and Candy Booth— Mrs.
IJ. Goldsmith. Mrs.' C. Kellus. Mrs. L. Mor-
Kenslern. Mrs. S. Kallsky, Mrs. William Lewis.*
Mrs/: So! Shipper, - Mrs. A. : Shaen.' Misses - E.
Cohen,! Tessle Cohen, Elsie Franklin. Essie
Henry. Rose Kel'.us. Carrie Marks, Hattie Mor
ris. E. Meyer, ; H. Zerl ner. .-¦¦--¦¦¦ . .
Fancy Booth— Mrs. Ed Leopold. Mrs. J Gol
lober. • Mrs. ¦-. M. • Harris. Mrs. . W. Wolff Misses
Dollle Feder, = Annie Hartman, Harris, nnuline
Levlt, - Mary - Meyer, '. Rose Mann, Arleline'New
man, Lena Newman. •Wollenberß; Hattie Wolff
Booth-Mrs. S. Meyer. Mrs. B. Cohen!
Mrs. Kristeller. : Misses • Feder.' Lillle Berg,
Freda Blumenthal, Dora Cohen/ Sophie Cohen/
Helena Cohen. - " ¦ "/' *
Refreshment Booth— Mrs. P.. H." Posner Mrs
M. S.< Crown.* Mrs. I. » Label.* Mrs. L. Lehman.
Mrs. , H.i Joseph. Misses Eva Posner. Ray Jo
seph,-, Crown, - Lillian Posner, l^ Violet Posner
— Japanese I Tea ; Booth— Louis ; B. j Jacobs, man
ager; Edward . Barcn,^ assistant ; manager; Celia
Jacobs, Phoebe Shipper.- Sarah Fruchter,- Stella
Baron,' • Roselle Schwartz, ?¦: Gertie -Cobn'- Ida
Levy,. Hilda Hankie/ Gertie Kochman/ -¦' , . ¦..,
.Cigar and Liquor Booth— Mrs/ L. Lesser, Mrs
1.~ Levin, s Mrs. •,-Willlani" Marks and Mrs Soi
Getz. Assistants— Miss <-. Pearl ¦ < Levin. : " Mabel
.Gets. i Jessie Sells, ' Annie Goldberg; Sadie Rein
j stein. r ?5B&!$BBB££ -' » ' - • ' *
EIGHT booths • artistically decorated,
the. floor crowded with pretty girls
¦ selling their wares and' a < few men
charitably, inclined,' a band perched
on high, /the 1 wheels' of! fortune buzzing
and the clinking; of chips, on 'the roulette
table, .was the: ensemble. scene, at Solden
Gate Hall last night. It 1 was the opening
of the grand fair of the Geary-street. tem-'
pie, given under'the auspices of.'the-La
dies' Endeavor . Society for the' benefit of
the free school! building "fund." '
From .the artistic 'standpoint the fair
has already proved to be 'a' complete] puc-"
cesa. . The booths'; are [objects ' of , beauty ,
especially the Japanese -tea garden at: th«
fariend of • the; hall. One feature of tha
fair isi the .Monte -Carlo booth, where
every kind, ;' manner : and *• description :; of
nickel devices are placed. "¦> This ;Is 7 quite
the ' favored ¦ part of .- the ~\ fair, ¦ and : many
nickels poured into the slots last night. ;.
: On '•. the ' floor : the : young ladles I labored
eloquently -as well as persistently :, to dis
pose of ? their.i raffle ? tickets. The , flower
girla, the cigar and cigarette sellers, criers
for more different kinds of fancy : work
than there are occasions for their use, ac
cepted no : - refusal ¦or ¦ declination on the
part of the visitors. The traffic was.brisk
and the- coffers for the free school'buUd
ing fund will be '¦ iaden with shining^ gold
and silver, when the week is over.
* /The -booths and their occupants are as
follows:
- Monte Carlo Booth— Mrs. : M. S. ; J>vy,^ Mrs.
M. c J. VWaldhelmer, -¦ firs, l J. - Ia ! Franklin. Mrs/
8. 'Salomon.' Mrs. S. Jacobs. ¦: Mrs.: H.. Levy,
Mr». - S. Mjxson. ; * Misses ,•; Miriam, '- B. *- I>vy,
Beckie Kahn, Ida.V. Levy, Amelia. Bloom (San
Jose). Juliette ; Levy. Bertha Cohen. -
Another Father Dempsey.
The Rev. Father Robert Dempsey of St
I>r. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. *Cever Jails. Try It. All druggists. •
ARRESTED FOR STEALING
MORNING NEWSPAPERS
Six Boys Caught in Different Parts
of the City Each With a
Bundle.
It has become a common practice for
boys to steal newspapers on Sunday morn
ings, although they are .careful to wait
till the change of police watches. Special
Officer Mahnke saw two boys gathering in
a supply on Leavenworth street, near
¦Washington, yesterday morning anl
placed them under arrest. One had twelve
papers and the others four They gay«
their names as Thoma3 Meagher. aged 11.
and Robert Graham, aged 12. They were
charged with petty larceny.
Four boys were arrested on Oak street
by Policeman Gill. They had a number of
papers which they had stolen. Their
ntmes are: S. King 10 yea rs o : age ,C.
King 6: P. Barry, 12, and F. Barrj. 7.
Owing to their age they were booked for
a public institution. _PVP V Barry had Jl in
his pocket which his parents had gUen
"aejSSSeftWnSlSd-to deal leniently
with thesl youcg offenders, but an ex
ample will probably be made of them. A
w m ek ago Sunday Lionel . Keefe. a boj 10
years of age. was arrested on Ellis street
after he had stolen eighteen papers .Vhen
the case was called in Judge ¦ Cabanlss
SSfer^h^au^ih? SvAt.^Sf ffi
Judge he did not want the boy punished,
and the case was dismissed.
I lIIL LriULi .*
CURTAINS!
SPECIAL SALE!
On Mondau, March 19th, we will
place on sale 1500 pairs FINE LACE
CURTAINS, being a special purchase
of these goods from the largest manu-
facturer in ST. GALL, SWITZER-
LAND. •
' The aDove curtains are in Paris
. Point, Renaissance and Irish Point,
and range in price from $3 to $15
pair. The designs are the newest,
and the prices less than present cost "
to import. . .."•'.,
NOTE.
These curtains on exhibition in
our large display windows.
ill, 113. 115, 117; 119; 121 POST STREET.
A. Suit in Which, the Right to Run Perambulating Eyesores Is
&r?izM Involved.
SULLIVAN WOULD STOP
THE ADVERTISING CAR
KILIAN HELD
WHILE POLICE
INVESTIGATE
Annie Schmid's Death Is a
Mystery Which Is Yet
to Be Solved.
The Theory of the Detectives Is That
' > the Woman Drank the Fatal
Draught With Suicidal
: Intent.
*
The mystery surrounding the death- of
Annie : Schmid, which occurred at 231
Eighth street Saturday, night, has not yet
been solved. Ernest Kilian.whom the
police suspected of having committed
murder by poisoning the woman, is still
In the tanks at the City Prison and he will
not , be .booked until the detectives com
plete their investigation^ At present they
are inclined to the suicide theory.
. Killan Is a. carriage builder employed by
"Warren."& Malley. He-had r been living
with the, woman for the past ten years
and was "arrested in October," ISOB, for
beating her nearly to death. . Since that
trouble, the : couple have been living to
gether apparently very happy. *•
Saturday morning. Killan went to work
as . usual and ;when he. returned about
noon, he says, the ' woman " was .in fair
health. When .he \ came ¦ home . again at
6:30 p. -m.', after his day's' work, -he' went
up in the bedroom and found the woman
lying on the-. bed. ¦ He went- downstairs
again and says he did not notice that she
was suffering from- carbolic poisoning
.until his attention was drawn to .the fact
by Mrs. Green," a roomer In the ; house.
He immediately went for a doctor and Dr.
•J. C: Voje responded to the -call. The
physician had been treating the deceased
for the past five days for stomach trouble.
He'tried the usual treatment for carbolic
acid, poisoning, but he'was unable to save
her and "she died ¦ in great agony. Dr.
Voje notified the ¦ Morgue officials, .who
took -charge of the remains. "An empty
b'ottle ; which formerly held .the acid was
found near the bedside, also a bottle of
medicine. Kllian claims that ,he has had
the. acid in : the. house for. the past .five
months,- having bought it to use on a sore
foot. • • . •
E Saturday night Sergeant Wolf called at
the house to Investigate the case. , He
heard so many conflicting stories and find
ing a bottle which • had contained- , port
wine which smelt strongly 0f.,, carbolic
acid 'in the bedroom of .the he
inquired •.-. where the liquor came from.
Killan stated that he gave the woman the
wine and that, he had done so on the ad
vice of the doctor. Sergeant Wolf then
took him to the City Prison:
Detectives Ryan and O'Day have been
detailed on the case and after a careful
Investigation are satisfied that it was a
case of suicide. They are still working
on the case, however. Killan Is held in
high esteem by his employers. Mr. Mal
ley called at the prison yesterday and
informed Killan that he would do all in
his power to help him. The Inquest will
be held to-day and it is probable that Kil
ian will be released.
Kllian is about 30 years old, while the
woman was twenty years his senior.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAISL, MONDAY; MAROT 19, 1900.
FOUGHT FOR THE
RIGHT TO USE A
FRONT PARLOR
Morris Lippmann and Louis
Scholl Battled to a
Knock-Out
Jlot Pugilistic Argument in a Back
Yard en Morris Avenue Creates
a Sensation— Cause of
the Trouble.
DRAMATIS PERSON AE:
liou!s Eoholl, a tailor.
Morris L.ippraann. a Jeweler.
David Martin, a pawnbroker.
Scott Simon, a caiiltalist.
Henrietta Martin. b«Joved of Uppmaon.
Relna Martin, beloved ot Scholt.
Opening sc«-ne— l'arlnr of Widow Martin's
home, J7 Morris avenue. Closing seene — Back
yard, same place. Time — The present.
Trainers, . timekeepers, bottle holuers. etc.
Morris Lsp;jmann and Louis Scholl bat
tered each other for two rounds yester
day aftesnoon In a back yard at 17 Mor
ris avenue. The battle -wated furiously
and both men were covered with blood,
but they fought on, amid the shouts- of
the select few who occupied points pf
var.tasre round the ring and the ecreams
of members of the fair s=ex who occupied
choice &oa.ts at kitchen windows. Finally
Llppmann suddenly dealt tscholl a heavy
light on the Jaw and he fell to the boards
a vanquished man. There were more
f-houts and screams and the contest
ended. Not so the enmity between the
contestants. The blows each had received
while the tight waged seemed to have add
eJ fuel to their anger, and a challenge for
a return bout was issued and accepted.
f livery Ught has a reason, and the one
between Scholl and Lippmann was not de
void of one. Both younp men are de
voted admirers of the Martin sisters. Hen
rietta and Reina. and both are frequent
callers at their home. 17 Morris avenue.
As fate decreed they both met In the fam
ily parlor, and it is due to that useful
room that a passage at arms was brought
about. On numerous occasions Lippmann
has gained possession of the parlor by
calling early. Scholl proved a strategist i
of no mean ability, and he on numerous ,
occasionß outmaneuvercd his rival by ar- ;
riving even earlier on the scene, and hold-
Ing the citadel. As a result Lippmann and i
Miss Henrietta had often be<>n compelled
to s!t on the Ftairs in the cold and pour
words of affection into each other's ears.
This struggle for possession of the much
us^d room could only have one ending,
and that was a challenge to combat.
Despite the protestations of the jrlrls
the men coolly went about arranging their
meeting. Dave Martin, a brother of the
girls, was taken into their confidence, as
was also Scou Simon, a brother-in-law.
The latter pair erected a ring in the back
yard and set a date for the match. The
men met according to agreement. Simon
acted as referee and Martin as tlme
keepor. Scholl and Lippmann fought from
the sound of the gong. In the nret round
Soholl landed on Lippmann's prominent
"beak" and goro flowed in quantity. The
second round saw the end. Lippmann
found a good opening and swung with
disastrous effect to his opponent.
The referee and the timekeeper after
ward became involved in a quarrel over
the number of seconds counted when
Scholl was down, and they donn«»d the
"mitts." In a short space of time Simon's
eyes were in mourning and Martin's nose
•was aglow from repeated punching.
Friends then interfered and the second
fight came to an end.
Both young ladles decline to receive
further attentions of the ardent lovers,
and now Scholl and Lippmann are be
moaning their unwise conduct.
- Ninety people out of - every -hundred
masticate > their food with ' the .- teeth on
the left side of the Jaw.
The Feast of St. Joseph.
i The feast of. St. Joseph will be fittingly
observed ; to-day at St. ,' Ignatius
Masses ;• will _be , said at 6, . 7 , and i 8 a. ' m.
Solemn high' mass will . be celebrated . at f
Ladies' . Frepch ; kid shoes, vworth $4. • for
only $1 25 a pair, at sale of shoes, 717 Mar-
ket iin 1 1 wjl >Mliifl<iftH*llUQWLEft"l
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists.' i>oc flask. "., Richards &.Co., 406 Clay/
CLOTHES CAUGHT FIRE
FROM A LIGHTED CANDLE
Thomas Parker Dies ,at - the County
Hospital as the Result of a Pc
: culiar Accident.
'Thomas Parker, a laborer, .died at the
City and County Hospital yesterday morn
ing as the ; result of . burns ; received from
his clothes catching fire from a lighted
candle on the morning! of ' February 23.
Parker arose at 5 o'clock on the morn
ing of the accident and started for t nc
wash-house in the rear of -. his ¦ lodgings,
carrying a lighted candle. In some man
ner his clothing caught fire and before
help arrived he received the injuries that
ultimately resulted in his death. He was
removed to the Receiving -Hospital and
thence to the City and County Hospital,
but although the physicians at the latter
institution did « everything in -their : power
to ! save 'his life. > they failed. v,
Parker could not explain how the acci
dent -¦ occurred. -' He ,¦ was a native of this
city,' 35 years/ old. ¦ and ' single. . The body
was removed . to the Morgue. *«*; v
ADVTBTISEMENTS.-
Mother's Storyof Baby's Core
Of a Most Distressing Humor by the -
Cuticura Remedies.
When onr baby was a week old, eczema appeared on the top of her
-;-=JgT*- ' ca d and spread all over her Bcalp, face,
>^^p^^^^v and forehead, forming one mass of sores.
/^wf/^il'Vi^^^k. ou can rea^ izc k° w much she must have
%t&ml lrYW^Ba fiufTcrctl 5 wh(>a she scratched at times till
{i%yw^\V«\ftJ«Bl liie blood ran intermingled with water.
* !^-"^> v v^^H,- Our family doctor's treatment proved
tl >^K\ 4&X K?l. ineffectual,, as the disorder, instead of
j * "*'" ; im) bating, developed , more. We then
A 1 i/rZ^ sto Pped all medical treatment, and com-
ftflli *si.* Jf > menced with Ccticur.v Remedies. "- We
\ USC( I tDe Cuticura Resolvent, Ccti-
r^S^v^'^^ Js Cuba Ointment, '.and. Ccticcra Soap, all
oJ h^-%=£S?'^ /traces of the eczema disappeared, the
*$}i*\7j ~~ {± J ekin and scalp .were left perfectly clear
k IWI § -*~*^ aQ d smooth, and she was entirely cured.
fc^J^^: *j[ Mrs. E. BUTLER,
My oldest boy, age nine years, was troubled with sores on different "parta
" of the body, especially on the leg, about twenty-four In all. They were about
the size of a five-cent piece, and would fester very mucH aud eject a pus.
They were very painful. After my above experience with the cure of my
little £irl with Cuticura Remedies, I did not bother with th<; doctor in
this case, but gave him the Cuticura treatment which' completely cured
him in four weeks. Mas. E. BUTLER, 1239 3d Aye., S. Brooklyn, N. Y.
Sleep for Skin-Tortured Babies
Aki> Best for Tired Mothers In a trvmt bath vrlth Ccticcra Soap, and a single appll-'
cation of CcnccKA Ointment, greatest of emollient skin cures. This treatment, assisted
In the tererer. cases. bj-CcnCDRA Resolvent, to cool and cleanse the blood; affords In-
etaat relief, permit* rest for parent and sleep for child, and points to a speedy, permanent,
asd economical enre of torturing, dlsfljruring, Itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, pimply,
and erected ekln and ecalp humors with locs of hair, when nil else falls. Sold throughout
the vorld. CoxriXTE External awd Ixtkrkal Treatment. . Price, Tnn Set, »1.Z5 ;
or, Ctmcnß a Soap, IV;., Cdticuk a Ointment, 50c., Ccticuh a Reso lxest, 50c. Potter
Dkco asd CHEii. Coep., Props., Boston. " now to Cure Ererjr Kind of Humor,", free.
/I*V Ssts Tour H»lr with warm ah«mpeoa of Cutictra Soap, and light dreas-
/ 5 to?*. Ine * of CCTicraA, parMt of emollient* und jreatc«t of t kin cure*. Thle simple,
I I \ffTfc Tttrt*hlcg, and lnexpetntre treatment will drar the «c»lp and hair of erotta,
I V* 1? sealas, and dandruff, soothe irritated and Itching surfaces, stimulate the hair
Vv^Tv fol!lclM » "PP'T tbe rootli wltb en#r ßy *»<> ticorlihmtnt, and make the hair grow
* N A A oa a clean, wholesome scalp when, all cUe fails. .'. .
UNION GUN CLUBMEN
SMASH CLAY DISCS
Members Inaugurate a Long Series of
Shoots at the Traps on Ingle-.
side Grounds.
The Union Gun Club held its first shoot
of the season yesterdhy at the San Fran
cisco Trapshootlng Association's grounds.
Ingleslde. The affair was under the man
agement of Thomas L. Lewis, and all
things considered, the -youngsters- made
a good showing. In the club shoot at
twenty-five birds Williamson took first
money; Walpert. Trask. Fisher and J.
Schroeder divided second money: Pisant
and Wallam divided third money; and
Javette, Claussen, Barber, Hess and Be
lau divided fourth money.
Feudner and Rickie tied for the club
handicap first-class medal, Feudner win
ning out by a score of 7to 6. Uddle, De
benhaur and Walpert tied for second
class medalT and the shoot-off resulted:
Liddle. 9; Debenhaur, 8; Walpert, 7. Fol
lowing are the day's scores at twenty-five
birds:
Mitchell IS, Manterson 5, Jansen 14. ,A.
Drieschman 13. Welshaupt 10, Hoyt 14. Claussen
11 Rlckle 13, Fuller 2. Pryde 4. Debenhaur 20,
Knlck 21. r. FeuUner 20. -Walpert 19. M. Mc-
Donald 17. He»3 11. Itgen 16, Ltddle IS, William
son 12. Hunter 4, Trask 19, Pisanl 15. Mlchelson
17 Jones 13. Belau 11. Fisher 19, Smith 17. J.
McDonald 18, J. Schroeder 19/ Pries 13, Javette
11. Binder 8, Herring 12, Lewis 10. Donnelly 20,
Shackelton IS. Wallam 16. Barber 11. » - <«*
An Old Woman Attempts Suicide.
Mrs. Keziah Brown, an old woman re
siding at 256 Eighth street, was brought
to the City Receiving Hospital last night
suffering from an overdose of morphine
taken with . Buieidal Intent. After being
relieved of the deadly potion the woman
ga\-e as a reason for her act that her. hus
band was continually drunk and spent her
hard earned wages in dissipation. She
will recover. .-;= '¦'--
Spoke Strongly Against Trusts.
The Social Democrats gathered in the
Turk-street Temple last evening to l'st*:n
to an address by C. H. King Jr., which
was delivered under the title of "What
Shall the Harvest Be?" The speaker de
votea himself to picturing the unfortu
nate condition of the laboring man and to
attacking the syndicates, monopolies and
trusts that he claimed were responsible
for the existing state of affairs. Following
the speech of the evening came the usual
musical entertainment and general ?di 3
cussion. - > '¦- '- -
SUCCESS USHERS IN
A PICTURESQUE FAIR
Killed by a Fall Downstairs.
• Thomas Gill, a laborer, fell . down the
basement stairway at . his residence, , 209
Natoma street, .'and fractured .' his skull
yesterday. He died shortly afterward
and the body was removed to the Morgue.
Wedding invitations, visiting cards. Koh-
i-noor pencils. Waterman pens, pocket-
knives and fine writing papers In station-
ery department. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 74l
Market street. . . •
PARK POLICE NOW
GENUINE COPPERS
Under the New Charter They Become
Part of the Depart
ment.
The old park police station has been
abolished and now the park patrolmen,
both those mounted and afoot, report in
to the Stanyan-street station, otherwise
known as the Park station. The closing
at the park station caused considerable
surprise among the crowds that thronged
the driveways Saturday and yesterday,
for the change was not made until late
last week. The cause of it is the charter.
Under the old regime the park police
¦were separated from the regular depart
ment. They formed a body by therij
eelves. but under the charter they are at
tached to the regular focce. This carries
•with it a raise from $75 to $10) a month,
the blue uniform and the added dignity
of a seven instead of a nix pointed star.
They are now full and regular police offl
cert, and directly under the orders of the
Chief of Police. Consequently, the old
station was abolished and the new police
men were ordered to report at- the. regu
lar station.
Th<» Park Hospital, which occupied part
of the building used by the police. .has
b^en closed for a long time, but with the
removal of the, police station came the
report that the hospital, too. had i been
removed and that it would open at the
Rtanyan-street station. It will not. how
ever. When the last Board of Health
closed it it was closed permanently.
GOLDBERG
BOWEN
&CO
SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Orange marmalade 20c
reg'iy 25c jar— KeiUer'B Dundee
'Too well known to need comment
\ OHye O\\-Sierra Madre 45C 75C
' reg'iy "pint 50c quart 85c
Now for fresh lettuce and
-. good salad
Pim-Olas baby 3 bottles 50C
Olives and pi mentoes medium 30C
(sweet red peppers) large 50C
An exceedingly good relish
' Jellies— reg'iy 20c glass 3 for 50C
Jams— reg'iy 25c jar jar 20C
$1000 reward for any who find
impurities in either
Whiskey— Scotch and Irish DCL
Highland Club and KUly Croy o- r
regularly $1 bottle special °O C
Caledonian— rK^Xy Si 35 now $ I I O
Highland Clvb — gallon 54 50 350
These goods are aged and thoroughly '
mellow before being exported
Pine-apple-siiced 2 tins 25c
reg'iy 1 5c tin
Delicious dessert
; Cheese— Club House 30C
reg'iy 35C jar — good rich cheese
Favorite in the clubs
Alkethrepta— reg'iy 25c tin 20c
AH that's good In chocolate —
condensed
Royans— reg'iy 20c tin 15c
A la Bordelaise and a la Vatel
Sardines with appetizing relish
Chutney-imported toet $oc 50c
reg'iy pint 40c quart 60c
Mangoes and sweet spices from India
piquant meat sauces
Vermouth-French 30c 55c
reg'lv pint 35c quart 65c
Noilly Pratt A Co
wholesale case prices
Port and sherry ; 75c
reg'ly'Si bottle— imported
For the weak or convalescent
Tooth soap-reg'iy 20c 15c
Removes tartar and keeps
the teeth sound and white
Face powder— reg'iy 50c 40c
Roger <C Gallet and Pinaud— Paris
Whisk brooms-reg'iy 30c 20c
Length n inches
Dust brush— reg'iy 33c 30c
' All bristles— entire length 12 inches
A new cigar
Here's a new cigar— sells for a bit — a
large; imported Havana (some Havanas
aren't imported)
It would be good value anywhere at
three for a half — it's called -
Rosa Aromatica
at all our stores i2jc and $12 50 a
box of one hundred
Send for catalogue
41s Pine *ja Sutter sSoo'CallfornU S*n Francises
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth OiMaa4
CELEBRATED THEIR
GOLDEN WEDDING DAY
The fiftieth wedding anniversary of Mr.
and Mrs. Jacob Label was celebrated yes
terday afternoon and evening at 120 Grove
street, the home of Mrs. F. M. Thall. the
daughter of the aged ' couple.
Day and night the friends of Mr. and
Mrs. Label called to pay their respects.
Jacob Label is an old resident of this city,
where he has resided since 1853.
THE fate of the advertising car seems to be resting on the decision of the case of Barnhart & \wasey vs. the Chief
of Police, in which it is attempted to restrain the Chief from stopping the Juggernaut the Market-street Railway
Company sees fit to let run over its lines every day. The Chief thought he would stop it because the company's
franchise calls for the running of cars for the convenience of passengers, not to scare them into buying goods of
those who can fake up the most ornate and sight-destroying poster.
The plaintiffs allege the Chief's action is unlawful and is interfering with their right to initiate gripmen and con
ductors into the mysteries of the advertising business. • '_ • • :
The chief does not see it in that light, however. Visions of conductors and gripmen in the garb of sandwich men,
proffering transfers calling attention to the latest bargains, rushed before his eyes. He saw passengers being compelled,
to assist in the spread of commercial information in addition to paying their fare, and a variety of other things that
might make car riding a source of more profit to the company than the nickel and a more serious thing for the passen
ger than a trip downtown. So he got out in front and stopped the advertising car of the plaintiffs and declareoMt should
go no farther.
The question to be decided is one long and earnestly discussed in the East, as well as here. If a franchise to run
cars for the use of passengers carries with it the right to make the streets hideous with all kinds of shopping advice va
riously displayed, the chief wants to know it and he intends to ilnd out, and he has started by compelling the suit of
Barnhart & Swasey vs. the Chief of Police.
The matter of disfiguring signs upon every available fence has already become a matter for legislation before this.
Board of Supervisors as well as many past boards, but so far the solons have not taken up the Irresponsible and bediz
ened advertising car. The fence is an eyesore*and may be torn down and removed, but even if the cars be run oft
the track they may still flaunt their Invitations to buy and nothing can stop them until they can be cornered before
they leave the carhouse in the mornings. The suit will probably end in some ordinance with that purpose in view.
Mary's Cathedral was kept busy for a
time yesterday explaining to numerous
friends who telephoned congratulations,
that he was not the author of the verses
entitled 'The Battle of Dundee,' pub
lished in yesterday's Call. While admit
ting the beauty and the timeliness ot tne
poetical effusion, he refused to wear the
bays that belong to another Father Dcn-.y
sey. ¦ _ ;
HOP SING TONG
PREPARES FOR A
MIGHTY REVENGE
High Explosives May Be
Used to Offset a Rival's
Great Strength.
•' The bitterness of the highbinder trou
ble, which has existed in Chinatown for
the past several months, has not abated.
Vengeance is sworn on the heads of the
Suey Sing Tong by the Hop Sings, and
indications are that the battle yet to
come will be long and bloody. The Suey
Sings have already commenced to ship
their members to the canneries in ;the
north, and the Hop Sings, who are great
ly /outnumbered by them at present, are
taking advantage of thi3 fact and will
cause the hostilities to be continued until
but a' handful of Suey Sing men are left
in the city and then they will attack them.
All this was decided upon at a meeting
of. the Hop Sing tong last night. The
organization was greatly; incensed at the
attempt made to murder its president,
Wong Shi Shu, early yesterday morning,
and proposes to take some terrible and
swift means of anniliating its enemies.
Reports that- high explosive will 'be used
wero spread broadcast yesterday, and the
police officials have been more than ever
watchful. " While the Hop Sings are afraid
to; meet their powerful adversary face to
face, at the present time, it may use se
cret agents and take revengejn much the
same manner as the Suey Sings sought to
spite the Wai Ting tong by shooting a
couple of innocent Sam Yup merchants
early in the month.
The police are equally as determined to
stop the wholesale murder which has been
rife in Chinatown recently. ¦ \
Wong Goey, the Hop Sing man, who was
fearfully slashed by a cleaver in .. the
hands of a Suey Sing man early yester
day, morning, died at the Harbor Hospital
about three, hours after he had received
his injuries. The man's head had been
almost severed from his body and the
police pronounce the affair one of the
most bloody and brutal which has taken
place in the city for some time. As usual,
there is no clue as to the perpetrators
of the heinous crime and*it:is- likely that
they wiir remain at large. v -
:\Vhen the murderous highbinders en
tered the house of the Hop Sings' presi
dent they had no designs on the life of
Wong Goey, who was simply a cook, but
were after Wong Shi. Shu, the presi
dent. The fact that four of them went
there showed that - they expected resist
ance and were prepared to flght to the
bitter end. When a woman who - noUd
their entrance began to scream they
realized that they could not spill the blood
of the 'big game, so they contented them
selves with a-.cowardly attackon one of
his menials when he looked out of a' win-'
dow. - , : . .-•.,-
Chinese Consul General Ho Tow regrets
that crime is once more prevalent. He
made all possible efforts to < stop ¦. the war
and 'assisted the police in every manner.
He will • continue . to give the ¦ officers '; all
the help they require and use his influ
ence and money to secure peace. - He says
that the Chief of Police misunderstood
his position In. asking, that the perpetra
tors of previous crimes be left unpunished
and says that now everything is straight
ened out. ' ¦ .:¦ . ' - • . .
10
a. m. The Rev. Father Burkard will be
celebrant and he will be assisted by the
Rev. Father Sardl, deacon; Mr. Fleuren
pub-deacon, and W. Culligan as master of
ceremonies. In the evening there will be
special devotions at 7:30 o'clock, at which
service a solemn benediction will close the
feast.