> Not the least of.tho troubles which the British troops on the Orange Free State border, have ;to encounter, are 'the
annoying and destructive duststorms. which at this beasonof the year, are* very prevalent. They, are' at "times like 'the
tornado, moving straight' across the country, and thenagain like the cyclone; traveling w ltha rotary motion. . Immense
quantities of fine sand and dust are taken up and driven, with terrific force, blinding for. the; time all eyes, ruining food
and .clothing, tearing up tents ~ and overturning the "lighter..' vehicles. .The j troops along , the Modder "River "have 'had
many such visitations. ¦¦• . ' ; ¦¦; »---. - ¦ ~ • . . -- - • - •' "' "• - ¦¦ • - ¦''¦'.-
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the New York
Herald Company. ' . .
LONDON, March 12.—
News from South Africa
this morning, in addition
to the confirmation of the report
that Presidents Kruger and Steyn
have" made overtures to "Great
Britain looking to the ending of
the war, at the same time invit
ing the intervention of European
powers through their consular
representatives in Pretoria, tells
of Lord Roberts' successful at
tack at Drietfontein, driving the
Boers back, and of his successful
advance to Aasvogel, which ,is
only twenty-five miles from
Bloemfontein.
This action practically puts the
Free State capital at the mercy of
the British. Lord Roberts' vic
tor}' over the Boer rear guard ap
peared to have been decisive. The
burghers withstood the cavalry
and horse artillery of Generals
Colville and Kelly-Kenny,. but
were turned and dislodged by' the
infantry. The Welsh and Essex
regiments drove the Boers from
their intrenched positions at the.
point of the bayonet.
The British losses are un
known, as the troops continued
to advance, but Lord Roberts
has telegraphed the names of a
few officers. The Boer losses
must have been considerable, as
102 of their dead were left on the
field. ;3:V
Aasvogel Kop, which the Brit
ish reached last night, was ex
pected to be the last place, at
which the Boers would make
their stand before Bloemfontein.
It would appear that no such
stand was made and that Rob
erts' cavalry are now practically
at the gates of Bloemfontein and
the way to the capital is -now
open to the whole force.
The insurrection in the west of
Cape Colony is spreading. Lord
Kitchener is now on the spot tak
ing steps to suppress it. An inde
; cisive action was fought Tues
day near Britstown .between the
rebels and a force- composed of
! City Volunteers "and .the War
wickshire Regiment. •
The British repdrteji casualties
up to this date are as follows: :
Killed ........ ¦.'...;.'.. 2,418
Wounded .-. ....:. 8.747
Died of disease . . .V. . '.'". .*. 1 ,029
Missing . : ...'. .-..¦...-.:. ...3,483
The changes in distribution of
the British forces which the re-
EXAMINERS
AND COLCAN
ARE AT OUTS
State Office-Holders Strike
Back at One An- ,
other. •
INTERESTING DEVELOPMENTS
Half-Orphan Claims Are Contested.
.•..,•,- and Counties May Be Com
pelled to Sue for (
• Them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. March 11.— The decree
has gone. forth from the State Board of
Examiners that • the $200.0000 worth of
claims for the support of half ¦ orphans,
now on file In that office, will not be al
lowed and if the counties which put them
in, either through their own officers or
through claim agents, want their money
they will have to sue for it. Daniel Ke-.
vane, secretary of the Board of Examin
ers, declines to approve any such claim
filed previous to IS9S and 3Jr. Kevane not
only' personifies the entire Board of Ex
aminers, but he is locally, regarded as the
authorized representative of Governor
Gage in matters affecting the finances of
th« ( State. The determination of Mr.
Kevane may therefore be accepted -as
conclusive of the stand of the administra
tion respecting these claims.
Secretary Kevane and the members of
the -Board of Examiners will not affirm
itt but the attitude of this bureau respect-,
ing, these claims is commonly regarded as
a slap at the office of the State Controller.
The connection between- the two may
seem remote at first.. but that It exists is
declared to be susceptible of demonstra
tion. ;:T, ; . > * ¦.-; :-.
It is now a familiar fact that State Con
troller Colgan ,ha» "held up" the claims
of the engineers or the State Department
of Public Works even after their passage
by the auditing board of that commission,
and their approval by the State Board of
Examiners. The Controller maintains this
attitude on the strength of an opinion ren
dered some time ago by Attorney General
Ford as to the tenure of the Commis
sioner of Public Work under the law pass
ed by the Legislature of 1899.
Easy Money in Sight!
- W.""W. ."Douglas Is the chief "deputy In
the office of the State. Controller and has
been for 5 years/ Mr. Douglas has a
brother, J. E.*Doiiglias,' who is a member
•of .the firm of Pyburn & Douglas, claim
agents. It is asserted that through the
business of 'collecting, old. claims due thi
.countles_frqm the State for the support of
Indigent* and "half Orphans this firm has
grown rich. In one instance — that of tha
Yolo County claims — It ' is asserted the
firm of Pyburn & Douglas realized a clear
profit of some $6000. In the case of Los
Angeles County, it is declared, another
$6000 .was cleaned up by the firm.
Those who are J commenting on these
matters at this time assert that It Is not
extravagant to say. that, the firm of Py
burn & Douglas have realized some $50,000
or $50.000 ' in commissions from the coun
ties on back claims due from the State.
It Is also asserted by those who think that
the engineers of the Commission of Pub
lic .Works should' be paid, that no legal
obstacle was raised by the State Con-*
troller's office to the payment of these
old claims, on which the firm of Pyburn
& Douglas drew down commissions of 2S
per cent, although with most of them.'
since they ran as far back aa twenty
years, the statute of limitations could
have been invoked by the Controller's of-"
flee were the desire ' present.
Many of the claims now held up in tha
Board . of : Examiners are of the sama
character as those mentioned. Many of:
them. it. is asserted, have been gathered
up by the firm of Pyburn & Douglas.
Legal Objection Found.
The Controller's office declines to allow
the Board of Public Works' claims on th»
ground that a legal obstacle exists to their
payment. The Board of Examiners, as
represented by Daniel Kevane, secretary,
declines •to ¦ allow these back claims - in,
favor of the counties put in by Pyburn-&
Douglas and others because it la declared
the statute of limitations applies to them.
Thus the situation stands, and it gives
promise of some Interesting developments.-
Secretary, of State Curry, a. member of
the Board of Examiners, declares that this-
State Controller, and Deputy Douglas have
acted entirely within their conception oC
the law. of the case. and. in fact, thl*
seems to be the general view. But the
salaries of the engineers are unpaid and
the old claims of the counties, submitted
In part by Pyburn &• Douglas,- are being
held up: and the circumstance- has fur
nished a breezy topic in and about th«*
Capitol. . • • .
If the opinion of M. A. Nurse, chief en
gineer of the Commission of Public Work*,
were to be given, with an attempt at lit
eral reproduction, the • frequent use- cf
dashes would be essential. Said Mr. Nota
to The Call representative to-day: .
Ford's Opinion.
•'Attorney General Ford told Frank D.
Ryan, the present Commissioner of Public
Works, that be thought the claims of my
self and Colonel Heuer,. consulting en
gineer, ought to be paid, and was wi',lln«
and anxious that they should be paid. My
salary claim Is JSOu. that of Colonel Heuer
$600: besides there are traveling expense*
of *40 and $100 for the assistant secretary
of the board for four months. In all $lt?ti
These claims' were passed upon by \h»
auditing board and submitted to the State
Board of Examiners. The Governor ap-'
proved jhem and said he would encourage
their payment. One day Colonel H^uer
and I went into the Controller's office t.>
pay our respects to Mr. Colsran. We re
marked something about having to wat
a : while for our pay. whereupon '"Deputy
Controller Douglas said: 'Send the claims
down to us and see how-long we will hoM
them up.' ' From - this remark ' Colonel
Heuer and myself Inferred that the Con
troller, intended to draw warrants for oar
claims. The Board of Examiners approved
them , and a long wait . ensued, 4urin<
which Deputy Douglas went to San Fran
cisco to see the Attorney General aDout
the claims. The latter .said that he waa
willing and anxious to see them paid, hut
he did not wish <to commit himself to a
written- opinion. ' Presently we received
the ultimatum of the Controller's office
our claims wouldnot be'pald. ;' "... :"
: "Our -special grievance is the refusal to
give Colonel Heuer the salary due him. It,
was only "by the most repeated persuasion
that we Induced him to become the con
sulting ; engineer of .'our- board. Colonel
Heuer stands high in the army engineer
ing corps. He has -had charge of big gov
ernmental %work on ;the ' Mississippi and
Ohio, rivers. -We. knew # he would be of
value to U3. ln work on the Sacramento
and San Joaquin rivers.; since our plans
had to be referred to the; river board of
engineers, .whose members were often far
scattered,- and he was in a position to iur
ther them. -.He declined to accept any sal
ary until Secretary of .WarAlger had aeut
him permission to serve. .
."Deputy Controller Douglas blocked our.
way from the first. He wrote to Secretary
Alicer on. his own account to aak \t Colonel
Heuer. could • accept a salary ; from • the
State while he was on the salary roll of
command in the west from
eral Clements, will collect the
Tenth Division on the Orange
River north of Colesberg. When
General White unites w his ;forces
he will have Generals Hunter's,
Warren's,/,. Gatacre's and. Bra-
bant'sdivisions. ¦ ' .¦
The Morning Post's corre
spondent a,t Drietfontein, tele
igrapHing Siinday, says:
I "The fight, throughout was
much involved. The enemy evac
uated and reoccupied positions,
subtly concealing their i inten
tions and only withdrawing their
guns a "few minutes prior to their
impending capture.. Their guns
outranged ours, the naval brigade
not arriving in time. Our cav
alry-horses were completely tired
by 'the repeated withdrawals. The
turning movement was begun
late. .The enemy. attempted yvith
heliograph to liire'us to occupy a
kopje which they held, but, de
tecting the deception, we re
turned."- . .'.'.>¦
- The Daily News has the fol
lowing from Aasvogel Kop, dated
March ii: "The march was con
tinued to-day to this point. No
Boers were seen on the way. The
British are now only twenty-five
miles from , Bloemfontein. One
of the Boer prisoners says the
siege of- Mafeking has been
raised." •
' A dispatch to the Daily Mail
from Aasvogel Kop, dated Sun
day," March 1 1 , says : "The white
flag treachery was personally wit
nessed at Drietfontein by Lord
Roberts, who was looking
through" a. telescope when" the
Welsh were charging .. and : saw
the :Boers~ hold up : their hands,
show the flag and drop their
guns. He saw an English officer
advance to receive their surreri-'
der, whereupon . a Boer yolley
was fired and the officer fell."
. A dispatch to the; Times from
Drietfontein, dated Sunday, says:
"The storming '. of -Alexander
Kopje .by. the Welsh was , a . par
ticularly fine piece of work.' The
mobility of the 'Boers in moving
their- giiris was very remarkable.
The New South Wales Mounted
Infaiitry made a gallant but un
successful 'attempt to capture a
gun;.- According, tothe latest re
ports another engagement to-day
is not: improbable. V . . :'.'
¦- ; •Spender Wilkinson, , ; in ;the
Morning Post , says : " With ' one
hundred dead at l . Drietf ontein the
Boers must \have had five^hunr
Continued on Third Page.
lief of Lady smith . has enabled
Lord Roberts to make have near
ly bjeen completed. -In a few days
there will be 'three -large British
armies in South Africa;' the main
one under the field r marshal' in
the center of the Orange' Free
State, tne newly 'constituted
in tHe south *of the same ¦ State,
and that under General Buller in
Natal. . ; General 'White will have
a very large assemblage of troops
under^ him, for". General Warren
indf his division upon landing; at
irrny. corps, under General White
EasC London will join "or
support" General ; "Gatacre,,. white*
GeneraUHuntef, taking over-the
THE SOUTH AFRICAN ;• DUST? DEVIL"
DEMOCRATS
ORGANIZING
THEIR ARMY
state Guard Being Formed
by Governor Beckham
at Frankfort.
CITIZENS PROVIDE WEAPONS
?
SepsbUcan M^n»l» Being 1 Steadily
Reinforced by the Arrival of
. Armed Men From, the
«
¦pRAXKFORT, March U.— The first
more on. th« part of Governor Beckham's
followers toward the formation of a
Btate guard under bis administration
was taken here to-day. City Clerk Ben
Marshall circulated a paper and enlisted
the requisite number of men who are to
compose a new company. The guns for
this company have been provided by dti
'tens here, most of them being either
fieedle guns or Winchesters.
This afternoon a report gained circula
tion that Governor Taylor had given his
soldiers orders to arrest Governor Beck
bam and other officers of the Democratic
State government. On account of this
report the men enlisted by Captain Mar
shall were assembled at the City Hall,
armed and sworn in as special, police for
the purpose of protecting the Democratic
officers who are still quartered at the
Capitol- Hotel. A large number of citizens
rolunteered and were assigned to various
posts in the vicinity of the hotel to offer
resistance in case the talked-of arrests
were attempted.
Governor Taylor's soldiers, who are on
gTJard at the State House, were reinforced
to-< Jay by the arrival of the Barberville
company of seventy-one men, all of whom
are fully armed and equipped. More
troops are looked for to-night. The Pine
vi;ie and London companies are expected
tome time during the night or to-morrow.
Governor Beckham this afternoon ap
pointed Colonel David R. Murray of
Clover Point assistant Adjutant General
wJth the rank of colonel and he was
iworn in. The official announcement was
made that this appointment was only
temporary. This was " regarded as sig
nificant, it being understood that Colonel
Murray accepted the appointment on ac
rount of the gravity of the present situa
tion and with the understanding that he
rould resign when the State became more
quiet.
Harland Whlttaker and "W. H. Culton,
•who were confined In Jail here charged
with complicity in the assassination of
Gocbel. were removed from the Jail at an
*«;>¦ hour this morning-and - taken^, to
Shelbyiille. where they were placed on a
train and s?nt to Louisville under a heavy
guard. It is understood they will be kept
in the Louisville Jail till the April term
of the Circuit Court, when they will be
returned here for trial.
LEXINGTON CALM AFTER
THE STRIFE OF SATURDAY
I^EXINGTOX. March 11.— The Sabbath
day brought a calm to the storm which
for three hours on Saturday night threat
ened to burst over Lexington. The adopt
ing- of a diFjrulse by Davis and Powers in
order to get oat of Frankfort puts an ugly
phase on the matter for the prisoners, in
the opinion of some of their friends here,
although they explain that they did so
merely to get away from the local Goebel
influences, ¦which they allege would work
to their detriment In securing . a fair
trtaL 'V , -
Both tacitly admit now that In this
they may have made mistakes, as both
strongly urge their innocence of any con
nection with the murder of Goebel and
insist that they bay« no fear whatever
as to the outcome.
Judge Denny, a prominent Republican
attorney, called on the prisoners to-day
and was closeted with them several hours.
He will represent them in whatever legal
eteps are taken. Both men are very calm
and have no further statement to make
than was given out last night.
Judge Denny said to-night that ~ the
prisoners were not averse to going to
Frankfort, but they would . like to . have
arrangements to try their cases here, but
th;s cannot be done except upon a writ
of habeas corpus, which is not likely to be
eougbt in this case.
Bheriq Suter of Franklin County came
here to-day and returned to-night to
Frankfort. He brought the warrants
with him that were issued in Franklin
County. The men were arrested last
night on warrants sworn to before Squire
Frank Graves of this city and returnable
before County Judge Bullock.
Sheriff Bosworth of this county says he
will give the men as speedy an examining
trial as they desire, but he does not think
it proper to have their trial for several
days yet on account of the excitement. "
Sheriff Suter stated that he did not
know when the men would be taken back
to Frankfort; not, however, until the ex
amining trial is over here, which will
simply decide that the local court has no
Jurisd'icUon. and the prisoners will then
b« taken to Frankfort.
All Is quiet to-night, with soldiers still
guarding the Jail. The armory is deserted.
a* all arms are in the hands of the local
Eoltiiery on duty at the Jail. Colonel
Roger Williams of the Second Kentucky
Regiment has been wired to return from
Connorsville. but has not arrived. Cap
tain Ixingmire stated to-night that in case
Colonel Williams comes he will take no
orders from him. In this case there will
be a conflict of military authority, and if
Colonel Williams decide 3 to take the arm
cry he will have to do it by force. This
Is not likely to be pressed, as the prison
ers may be removed by the time Colonel
Williams returns.
Reports from sources high up in the
Beckham ranks are that Governor Beck
ham may move the State capital here,
but this is no more than a rumor.
Ocneral CasUeman is here to-night, but
he cays he has issued no orders and will
Issue none. He pays he will* do all in his
power to preserve the peace.
When "Colonel Roger Williams of the
Second Kentucky Regiment returns from
ronnorsville. Ind.. he will find a clash of
authority In his regiment which will be
difficult to reconcile. Captain Longmire,
under Beckham's orders, is in charge of
the guard about the Jail and the armory
nd its equipments. He said .to-night he
will not recognize any orders from Colonel
Williams. Captain Calhoun of Company
C of the local battalion will make a public
ttatement to-morrow that under Judge
Fields' decision he cannot do otherwise
thin recognize Governor Beckham's au
thority. and will re»ect any order from
any other source in conflict Kith his
a^CoYonel "Williams is a Republican and
DRIETFONTEIN, Orange Free State, March ti r 6:35 a. m.—Broadwoqd f s.cav^ found the Boers in a strong
position in the Drietfontein Kopjes yesterday. ."General Kelly-Kerihy's ; division arriving, severe fighting ensued. -The Boers resisted stubbornly, but were driven
from their center position, leaving a number of dead; and forty prrs^ners.; The British force is moving forward to : day.^^^^ in which five regi
ments took part, with artillery, the Boers, though fbrced^from tteir center'posit with three guns
and two Vickers-Maxims. The British cavalry began to turn i the ßoer position, but night fell before the movement was completed. The Boers retired during the
.LONDON, March 1 1 .—A dispatch to the War Office from Lord Roberts, dated Drietfbntein, March 11, 7:1 5 a; m., says: ' -
"The enemy opposed us throughout yesterday's march, and from their intimate knowledge of'the country; gave; us^considerable trouble. Owing, however,,
to the admirable conduct of the troops, the enemy were unable to prevent us reaching our 'destination.'; The- brunt jof the^fighting^f ell on General Kelly-Kenny's
division, iwo battalions of which— the Welsh and Essex— turned the Boers out of two strong: positions aQhe point^ : -
A dispatch from Lord Roberts, dated Drietfontein, March lij 9:55 a. m., to the War Office, says C
"I cannot get the precise number of casualties beforei march, but -will' communicate it as: soon as possible. 1 Theßoefs:suffered heavily, 102 of their
dead being left on the ground. We captured.about twenty 'prisbnero; ' l ** " ~ '
"Among the killed are Captain Eustace of the Bluffs, : Captain Lomax of the Welsh Regiment and Mr. T McKartie,.a retired Indian civilian attached to Kitch
ener's force. . ..,...'..-. ...-..' - • v .-. - • -.\ ¦¦< r :^-i -'¦: -r'v ¦¦•* 'i ¦ •":-¦ '• -¦•,-¦:-:-—
"Among the wounded are: Buffs— Colonel, Hickson, leg, severe; Lieutenant Ronald; Welsh Regiment— Lieutenants Torkington, Pope, , Wimberley; Essex
Regiment — Captain Brownwood; field artillery— Lieutenant Devenish; medical corps— Major Waite, Lieutenant Berne; Australian Artillery— Colonel Umpheley, ab
domen, dangerous. - . '. ¦:...• .1 : . . •¦¦- • '-V ¦_:..•' . »^^^ - -\ :::- • - • -
"A large number of Australians were engaged yesterday.- The First Australian*^ within 800 yards of the
Boers, under heavy fire. The New South Wales Mounted Infantry joined in theipursuit'o^theyßpers-northward." I .j
Driven From Trieir Works at the* Point |||W§|fl^^
net j^iter' Stubborn Resistance/ ;. \
BOERS DEFEATED BY LORD ROBERTS LEAVE
MORE THAN A HUNDRED DEAD IN TRENCHES
BRITISH AND
RUSSIAN FLEETS
ARE MOBILIZING
CZAR SEEMS TO BE AIMING AT ENGLAND
LATEST UKASE
LOOKS A GOOD
DEAL LIKE WAR
Continued on Second Pag»
VOLUME liXXXVTI — XO. 102.
SAN" ' FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call
/"¦'» ONSTANTINOPLE, March 12.— A ukase of the Czar orders the rapid mobilization of the Russian army and navy re-
I serves.' This movement:- appears- to have for its objective India and North "Asia Minor.^The 1 sailors; of . ? a numberjof
I Russian merchant ships In the Black Sea have: been calledj on jforj reserve. The^Russian , cruiser Schernor-^retz~
I j stationed at Constantinople, has received orders 'to h*old Itself Jn readiness for immediate service! , ;¦; :
. MOSCOW, March- 12.— A "dispatch from Alexandria announces that twelve' British battleships arid four cruisers
. with 7SCO men are expected there in a day or two. ' . ' ? ,- \ ' ." . .-¦'.' . ¦¦*.
PRESIDENTS OF THE REPUBLICS
VAINLY INVITE INTERVENTION
? • LONDON,' 12.^-The Dally i Mall has received the' following dispatch. from Pretoria, dated Saturday, 1 Marchr 10,
and censored by, the Boer Government: , ; ;_; * ; -;..- ?-.'• '"¦¦"., ¦ < ." ? •- V '¦-¦"¦: " rf '¦¦ '¦ '•¦ •¦ ' : ' •"',•: * '¦¦¦ ; 
. •?" President Kruger. and President Steyn have wired to Lord Salisbury, peace proposals on condition, that the Inde
pendence of, the two republics be respected;alid*the-febelicolonles;amnestled.t> • v* * ; .''»:. "' ..""*- '"* -¦"¦¦' ¦¦. ¦'
, ;/, •".Yesterday^ ;the .forelgniConsuls^were'-calledslntOiCoriferenc'eand^Were'requeSted; to '. Invite * the Intervention of the
powers-they;representedMn';order r :torprevent' furtherJbloodßhed;"* ;• '.;, j ;; : ''¦:.*:..•¦•. . -;-r * ¦' '• ' ¦. r'.'r- '¦ '. : /
. : l "/, The overtures made by. Presidents Kruger and ' Steyn to Great Britain looking i to' 1 , the' ending •of I the ; war ; and * their
simultaneous j Invitation \ f or,> the . intervention' of „ European tpowers, 1 through \ their; consular -> representatives .'.! at ¦>) Pretoria;"
have both ! met ; with' a~ chilling, reception..' The British (Government* has : sent I an; uncompromising, 1 answer to 'Pretoria,'" and
Berlin," Vie.', na 1 and • Rome' newspapers reflect "official ' opinion by, stating ' that |if | President. Kruger : still }hopes ; torj interven
tion or arbitration he is cherishing a delusion, as not a European power can have the intention to raise a linger in his
Continued on Second Fu»,VThey,Bat and held bands all the even-
Ing." •-.- -. -• ¦- ¦•.-.; ¦:¦•¦¦¦¦ , •'¦¦
? "How silly V' fjfflBBl!BBWMBBBBmBB&
* "Oh, I don't know. Tou v have to In
whist."— Philadelphia Bulletin.
COKPAOJJIK CENIHALE TKARSATLiHTIQCS.
DIRECT LIJJE to HAVRB-PARI3. -m>^-
SatUng every Thurs.lay Instead oC <Z±Kxr*
Saturday. ; from November 2. 1599. at «*<•*
10 a. m.. .from Pier 42. North River, foot of.
Morton st. : . L'AQUITAINE, - March 13: La
OASCOGN'E. March X; LA TOURAINE. March
29; LA BRETAGNE. April S. First class to
Havre. $80 and upward; 5 per cent reduction
on round trio. Second class to Havre. (43: 5
per cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldtn*).-New
York. -• J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. * Pacific Coas«
Ag-ents/ 5 Montgomery aye.. San FraaclaeCk
•" .: .:-¦; .-' " ¦¦- ¦:¦¦- .-.¦•,-.:.-.•
¥1 A I A Y^C : Located on Market
IWH ' ness sectlonJolaces '
' AllU of amusement- and '
r»¥> i mT»v d *P° ts : KW rooms, : !
nR A Nil **> th bath » a »-
; ''¦¦¦ ¦; \ll\t\LMJ tached. The larcest
»«Ll.. - and finest hotels !a
HA TCI Cthe world.;, Amerl-^
'¦.: U|| 1 CL»J can^ and European
. ' .* i j i _---^ j- v~ -'_;¦-¦ •.-¦¦ - -¦ plan. ¦_-:••... . • ¦¦ . ' , , . .
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
FIGHT FOR
LIFE WITH
A MADMAN
Desperate Struggle of Two
Women in Their Burn
ing Dwelling. •
ASSAILANT'S AIM IS POOR
?
Drink-Crazed Husband Attempts to
Murder His Wife and Her
Mother and Then. Com
mits Suicide.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE. Wash.. March 11.— At an
early hour this morning at Falling Springs
a terrible struggle took place between
Henry Williams and his wife and mother
in-law, whom he attempted to kill. Crazed
¦with drink, Williams broke into the house,
•which he set on fire in several places.
When the women awakened and tried to
put out the blaze Williams attempted to
t;hoot them, firing several shots, none of
which struck his intended victims. Then
he placed the muzzle of the revolver to
his own head and with his last cartridge
ended his life. Williams was 2S years old,
and separated from his young wife about
six months. He has been living at Pom
eroy, whi£h is about five miles from Fall
ing Springs, the residence of his mother
in-law, Mrs. James Coleman. Since, the
peparation Mrs. Williams has been living
with her mother.
Yesterday she went to Pomeroy, where
Fhe met Williams for the first time since
the separation. The sight of her seemed
to madden him. He proceeded to fill up
on liquor, although he never drank before,
and to make threats against his wife and
her whole family.
At about 2 o'clock this morning Williams
appeared at Mrs. Coleman's house, where
he set fire to the outbuildings. Then
smashing in a window he entered the
house and proceeded to set it on fire in
several places. " -/ '
His wife was the flrst inmate of the
house to ai>peax. and he fired several shots
at her. She escaped injury. Jumped from
a pecend story -window to the ground and
went after help. Mrs. Coleman attempted
to extinguish the flames, when Williams
fired several shots at her. Then finding
his wife had escaped he stepped into a
closet and ended his life with a bullet
through his brain. Mrs. Coleman, aided
by neighbors who arrived shortly, was
able to put out the fire before great dam
ape had been done the house. Williams
had smashed nearly all the furniture,
broken the crockery and filled the walls
with bullet holes before his end.
EXAMINERS AND
COUGH AT OUTS
Corttinned from First Pare.
the Government. At the regular session
of the Legislature of 1899 the act to re
create the offlce of Commissioner of Public
Works was passed and approved by Gov
ernor Gage. The Controller's offlce pro
ceeded to dig up some irregularity in its
passage, and then referred the matter to
the Attorney General, who declared that
the law was invalid.- I have had the
opinion of many good lawyers thai the
alleged invalidity of the act, as regarded
the term of the Commissioners, did not
affect the auditing board nor any claims
contracted by its authority. But so the
Controller construed the opinion of the
Attorney General, and it was utilized to
hold up our claims for salaries. The
law as pa? fed by the Legislature of ISS9
Btands on the statute books to-day. No
court. Inferior or supreme, has declared it
Invalid; but on the strength of the opin
ion of the Attorney General the Control
ler's office has acted.
Douglas Explains.
"When Deputy Controller Douglas held
up those claims he asserted that he was
only enforcing the rules of that office to
pay no claims unless he had clear and
absolute warrant of law for so doing.
Now her<» Is evidence of his inconsistency.
He has not objected to the payment of
clearly outlawed claims presented by the
firm of which his brother, J. E. Douglas,
Js a membor. He could have applied the
Ftatute of limitations to them, since they
ran back twenty years, and compelled the
counties to seek relief at the hands of the
Legislature; but his brother and Pyburn
lece-lved a commission of 25 per cent on
their collections, and Douglas not only
presented no legal obstacle to the draw-
Ing of the warrants, but, I am Informed
by Joseph Gorman, former secretary of
the Board of Examiners, was constantly
before him to secure their approval and
transmission to the Controller's offlce.
"Colonel Heu«r and I will now have to
wait for the next pesslon of the Legislature
before we can hope to recover pay for the
•work we have actually performed! To
bring: the matter up through the various
courts would take longer than to wait for
the Legislative session."
Status of the Case.
Thus the situation Btand3. The Control
ler's office will not draw the warrants in
favor of Nurse and Heuer. The Board of
Examiners will not allow the $200,000 worth
of back claims now before. It, on many of
which Pyburn & Douglas claim a 23 per
cent commission.. Friends of Nurse and
the Auditing Board say that the informa
tion as to the counties having back
claims, in the collection of which Pyburn
& Dougrlas have jrrown rich, could have
been obtainable only at the Controller's
offlce. Controller Colcan asserts that he
3s only acting within the law as laid down
for him by the Attorney General, and
There the matter rests.
The Contract.
The following Is a cops' of the contract
or ajrreement by which Pyburn & Doug-las
secured $2fi.Sfii 49 from the State for the
county of Yolo alone, for the collection of
which they received one-quarter the total
•sum;
It appears that there Is due this county from
the State money for the support of a*ed persons
In indigent circumstances, as shown by the
3aw approved March 15. ISBI. and •by a sub
sequent decision of the Supreme Court, which
allows to the several counties throughout the
State the same pro rata for the support of said
JndlKents, both in and out of the hcwpit&l and
also for th* support of orphans, half-orphans
etc.. as shown by the law approved March 25
38S0. . '
And it further apoearfnir that the claims for
thl« county have jwver been properly orenared
c.nd presented to the State Do&rd of Exam
iner*, thereby securing: to the county every
dollar that Is due. we bee leave to present the
Icllrrwinr proposition:
W« wljl compile, prpiwit and prosecute before
the eaid Board of Examiners the claims of thin
county ai-ainct the gtate for th« support of
mch t>erton» for a contingent fee of 25 per
rent, and w« further a*ree to present no claim
for «uch fee until naid claimii : have been al
lowed by the raid State Board of Examiners
and then only for the 25 per cent thereof. '
W. H. PTBURN.
J. E. DOUGLAS.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
T»V« Laxative ¦ Bromo Quinlns; Tablet*.-' All
druirgUU xcfund the money . if It fall* • to -cur*.
E. W. Grove' • elrnature ii on each box. - 25c.
FOR U. fc NAVY YARD AMD VALLEJO.
- Stewner "Montlcello. "
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and, Sat. at'9:4s
a. m.; i:i5,.8:30 p. m, (ex.* Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m." snd 8:90: Sundays. 10:30 a. ¦ ra.. 8
p. m. Landlnir and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508. - . •- - »
FAJtB .:.......;.. ...... ........;...; J^...;;... mo
Italian Bootblack Cut.
;. A cutting scrape in, which Pietro Lucia,
a i bootblack,, sustained : a severe " gash ' in
the" head from "a razor 'i in the - hands lot
Bagglo ' Selena;' another -f: bootblack, , oc
curred ' at i 1316 • Kearny I street f last r nlght.'
The , trouble . arose * over a » game i of . cards.
Selena escaped | and Lucia was > sent ' to the
Receiving Hospital by Officer. Bakerlich.
Killed at a Fire.
BOSTOX. March IL— Fire early - thl*
morning in the four-story building of the
Massachusetts Macaroni Company, on
North street, caused the death of Flremnn
P. G. McCarthy, the fatal Injury O f an
other and the serious injury of two others
besides entailing a financial loss variously
estimated at J^.ooo to "1150,000.
Twelve Bodies Recovered.
THURMOND, W. Va.. Ma,rch 11.— Twelve
bodies were taken from the Red Ash mine
during last night. This makes a total of
rorty-eeven bodies taken out, and at least
two more are known to be in the mine. ¦ -
TO LEASE!
Elegant private boarding-
house, now being remodeled,
southwest corner Pine and
Leavenworth streets ; 50 sun-
ny rooms, modern appoint-
ments, handsome grounds.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH,
30 Montgomery, Street:
FORTHCOMING WEEK WILL
BE DULL IN THE HOUSE
Senate Will Continue to Discuss Por
to Rico and Mason May Call Up •'
His ! Boer Resolution.
.. WASHINGTON; March ; ll.^The week
in "; the ; House.; promises Xo . be - rather . dull.
To-morrow : the contested* election ; case; of
JWise /vs. : Young, I from ] the ; Second Vir
ginia District; will ;JbeAVbted^upon.\ In
dications are that Dr. Wise, who is a Re
publican, :¦ will ¦be j seated. Tuesday; the
conference report on the finanlcal bill will
be disposed of. - There may. be some live
ly debate ; on the . report, but it : will = com
mand. the s full . party strength on " the Re
publican side and • will be adopted.;: 'The
remainder of, the week will be devoted to
appropriation -bills.' .':
< .The Senate wiir continue 'to give atten
tion to the Porto Rican bill and the Quay
. resolution,', with <a * possibility ¦¦ that .' there
may be a -diversion in '¦ favor of.the-Hay-
Pauncefote -treaty and/Senator Mason's
Boer resolution. ¦¦ ' i liVfrWW | HlWiltjl|'^>ii" l jJHi.i
Mason says : it; is; his purpose to call up
his resolution ! . and : to ' get ¦a ; vote ; on- it If
possible. Senator Davis has ¦ expressed
an ; Intention .. to ask the * Senate 'to * take
up ; the treaty * during % the ¦¦ latter ; part of
the .week.- but: Senator Foraker, in charge
of : the ; Porto » Rican - bill;^ expressed con
fidence that Senator ¦¦ Davis ; will ; not brinr
the treaty,, forward at a time to embarrass
th« Pocto Rlcan measure. - ¦¦:* .-, - :j, t
830-832-834 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
STOCKED A VACANT
HOUSE WITH PLUNDER
Pasadena Police Discover the Build
ing in Which Two Thieves Hid
Their Spoils'. . ;<
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, March 11.— The police have
discovered a robbers' nest that is like the
old-time rookeries of the bandits of nur
sery stories. Just a little ( removed from
the heart of the city, on one of the few
places that have not been cut up into'lots*
there stands an old. house which belongs
to the estate of J. 8. . Hurlbut and has
been unoccupied most of the time during
the past few years. Robert M. Catterson and
James Milk-son chose this place . for': the
storing of the plunder which they secured
in midnight raids. These raids have been
conducted during the past two months
and it is impossible to estimate how many
citizens have been victimized. The fa
vorite foraging of these human magpies
was the dwellings ¦ of ' absent persons,
which In many cases had. been vacated in
a hurry and left stocked fully with furni
ture. Tablecloths, pillows, beds; • buck
saws and shoes - and stockings were *e
lected by -the th'eves without apparent
distinction. . •¦ ¦' •-• ¦¦ ¦
The robbery -which resulted in ferreting
out the magpie's nest was -committed on
February 19. Catterson and Mllleson se.
cured a wagon and broke -into th<i store
room of C. C. Thompson, a rancher. They
stole a ton of dried prunes and carted
them to Pomona, thlrtylodd miles away,
in the night.' The Constable at Pomona
was informed 'of the theft and arrested
Catterson. MlHeson had become .fright
ened and disappeared. The officers are still
looking for him. Catterson has been In
dicted on- two charges and has confessed
to robbing three stores and five dwelling
places, from which he secured .'a house
full of tools, guns, revolvers, . bric-a-brac
and money. ¦ '
Addison C. Rand Dead.
NEW YORK. March 11.— AddisonC.
Rand, president of : the Rand - Drill Com
pany and treasurer- of the Laflih & Rand
Powder Company, •is dead in this -city
aged 09 years. 1 . ' *
dred wounded. We may expect Lord
Roberts to contlrftie his .march at ten
miles per day. The news that Lord Kitch
ener has gone south shows that the ris
ing in the Prleska district Is troublesome,
but it will be effectually suppressed. \ ';
"We need ,n.°t believe, .the Boer report
that 32^000 British are near Helpmaker. { It
Is quite unlikely that General Buller will
make any decisive move until his troops
are recuperated." . ,
- • ' . . .
ALL RESERVE MILITIA
SOON TO BE CALLED OUT
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrlcht, 1900, by the New York
Herald Core r r y.
LONDON*, March 12.— The War Office
has warned all militia not already called
out to be embodied on or about May 1.
' A correspondent . of the ' Daily Mail at
Lourenzo Marquez. telegraphing Satur
day, says: "According to Boer reports the
fall of Maf eking is certain. I There has
been heavy fighting this week- and the
Boers have been shelling the ; town from
all the outlying forts, which they . have
captured. Colonel Baden-Powell, cleared
all the natives out of town, but the Boers
drove them back. The Boers are prepar
ing for a final assault, with the idea that
the capture , of Maf eking will ' raise '. the
drooping spirits of the burghers.",' ,"
The Cape Town correspondent of ¦'.' the
Standard telegraphs: "It is- reported that
the Boer prisoners . at -Slmonston , were
found boring a tunnel under the lines I of
the camp. The "work had made consid
erable progress before discovery."
A special dispatch, from'- Durban says:
"The Portuguese authorities 7 at. Lourenzo
Marquez, at the request of.Great Britain,
have arrested four Germans .bound .for
Pretoria with arms and letters of'intro
duction* from Dr. Leyds." ¦
The Durban correspondent of the Dally
News says: "On March 1 anorder was
issued from • Pretoria to field cornets to
make an immediate return of all the wo
men and children in the Johannesburg
district, with particulars as *to .whether
each family would possess _ means of
transport in case of sudden removal. The
order created a sensation." ' .
ROBERTS ACCUSES BOERS
OF GROSS TREACHERY
LONDON, March 11.— The War Office
has received the following address from
Lord Roberts, dated Dreifontein, Sunday,
March 11. 9:45 a. m.:
"The following telegram has. been .ad
dressed by me to their honors, the State
Presidents of the Orange Free State and
the South African Republic: /¦ '' '
j " 'Another instance having occurred of
gross abuse of tne white flag and of - the
signal jof holding up hands in token of
surrender, it is mv duty to inform you
that, if such abuse occurs again. I shall
most reluctantly be' compelled to order
my troops to disregard the white flag en
tirely. .
" 'The Instance occurred on a kopje east
of Drlefonteln Farm yesterday evening
and was witnessed. by several of ,my own
staff officers, as well, as by "myself,, and
resulted in the wounding of several of
my officers and men.
" 'A large quantity of explosive bullets
of three different kinds •was found In Com
mandant Cronje's laager,! and this has
been the case In every engagement with
your Honors' troops. . Such . breaches -, of
the recognized usages of war and'of Uhe
Geneva convention are a disgrace to any
civilized power. : A: copy, of >•; these
grams has been -sent to my Government
w4th the request that it may be communi
cated to all neutral powers.' " '-..'
¦ -. . " ¦:'¦ . '¦-.-. — — ¦ ?
BRITISH INFANTRY
MOVED TOO SLOWLY
DRIETFONTEIN, March 11.— AH of yes
terday was '; occupied : In-" fighting. ,. The
Boers maintained ¦ a ¦ stubborn , rear * guard
action • along . a ' running front ' of . :. twelve
miles ' on very , difficult ground. l ;. The? Brl-"
tlsh were advancing : : in • three columns."
'General Tucker, to the;southward;'¦-occu
pied Petrusberg i; unopposed.-- General
Kelly-Kenny,- after < following ; the river
bank, moved in • the direction : of Abra
ham's kraaL ,;..- ¦'- .•- ¦>¦¦>;. '¦'. "¦.'¦.<'"•¦- J
At Drietfontein, about eight miles south
of Abraham's kraal,' the Boers were found
posted -in cohsiderable strength on the
ridges connecting ¦ several kopjes, where
they had mounted guns. V
The action began at 8 in.' the morning
with an artillery duel. • General French's
cavalryand General Porter's brigade sup
ported, our guns.- The Boer artillery 1 Was
accurately handled' and ;the \Brltlsh cav
alry found a task harder than they had
expected. General Broad wood, with dog
ged perseverance, mbved altogether six
miles southward," trying to find a moans
to get around, but the Boers followed be
hind rising ground and even attemp^l
to outflank him. ."'.""' , •
Meanwhile the sixth division of .infan
try,-.advancing on the Boer left, slowly
forced the enemy to retire. Had the In
fantry been able to move faster the Boers
would have been enveloped. The last shot
was fired at 7:30 p. m. This morning not
a'Bc:r was to be seen.' ' . .-
BOERS FORCE BETHUNE'S
INFANTRY TO RETIRE
DURBAN, March 11.— The Xatal Mer
cury has the following dispatch from
Greytown, dated to-day: '
, ."A force composed of.Bethune's mount
ed Infantry, the TJmvetl mounted 'rifle?
and the Natal police, with- three Maxima,
under Colonel Bethune, reached Pomeroy
on' Thursday, March 8. The., following
morning the Boer, pickets opened fire..; A
general ' engagement • I soon • ensued, the
Boers using pompons "and two "big guns.
There was- heavy firing on bothisldca.
Colonel Bethune, seeing the ; Impossibility
of J dislodging the Boers .without artillery,
retired south of the Tugela; with one man
wounded. The Boer loss is "said to have
been considerable." . -
MANY REBELS FALL IN
BATTLE AT LADYGREY
CAPE TOWN, Sunday, [March 11.— News
from Ladygrey, Herschel and Aliwal
North show that the \ rebels are j laying
down their arms in large numbers and
that the Boers all along the border are in
serious straits. The rebels assert that the
Boers are «iib'slpting on bread, and water
and so-called coffee, made from rye. Other
rebels are leaving to flgnt in the Free
State. . , . ' . •- -¦ ; : ,¦¦ ,'y:/.:v \ V
, British rule has been restored at Lady^
grey, where a big fight is reported to have
occurred, many | rebels. : being ¦ killed. * It , is
reported that 'thousands of rebels con
template surrendering to General Bra
bant.
BOSTONESE SEND MONEY
TO BRITISH SOLDIERS
.BOSTON, March 11.— Members' : of ; the
Ancient and Honorable Artillery Company
of Boston did a : characteristic \ thing to
day when Uhey sent $350 to South Africa
for the use of . the members of the Hon
orable Artillery Company of London./ It
is expected that the J350 willbe expended
for refreshments for the relief of .the Bri
tish soldiers ; before" they, are ; wounded.
This action is taken because <*f the disap
pointment of the Boston' men over the In
ability, of the Londoners : to make, their
long heralded visit here. ' '-.
Queen Honors London Officials.
'¦ LONDON, March - : 11.— Lord. Salisbury
has informed'the Lord Mayor of London,
A.J. Newton, ; that the Queen purposes to
confer a upon hlm_and,to con
fer; knighthood upoh the ; Sheriffs ;of the
city of i London,'-: William ;Purdie Treloar
and Alfred' Henry Bevan. /
"In ; doing > so.',' the? Premier ' said, ; "her
Majesty will not only follow the custom In
royal . visits to : the , city, but 1 desires - to
mark " the' distinguished war ' services ."of
the city."- '---¦¦¦ - ¦ '¦¦¦ '¦¦¦''"¦' : - ¦" ¦¦¦'• ¦' .- .'vV.:.
Continued From First Page.
I*. Clearance
I sale
POSITIVELHASTWEEIt
SALE CLOSES SATURDAY, MARCH 17.
LADIES' SHOES.
LADIES' COLORED SATIN SLIPPERS—
Pointed toes, all shades, all sizes, formerly
- 13.00 51.30
LADIES' SUEDE KID OXFORDS— In Black.
Tun, Nile Green and Lavender, nearly all
sixes, formerly $1 9 1 .SO
LADIES' KID OXFORDS— Sizes 2 to 4 AAA to
B. formerly 12.50.. fI.OO
GENTS' SHOES.
GENTS* FIIENCH CALF CORK SOLE. Hand-
sewed Lace Shoes, nearly all sizes. IS and $7
grades «3.(i0, *H-15
GENTS' PATENT LEATHER. Lace or Con-
' gress, best makes, formerly $8. sizes 9 to 11,
A, B. C....... »1.00
GENTS' BICYCLE PHOKS— Luce, in Black or
' Tan. broken sizes, formerly W.00........#a.«X>
GENTS* TAN HtIS^LX CALF Lace Shoes,
pointed to>t. $4.00 and 95.00 quality, broken
lot: to closo out ." ijil.SO
MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S; SHOES.
CHILDS* GOAT BUTTON SHOE— French toe.
¦narrow widths, sizes 6 to 7. to close
out .......:..... soe
EOTS' AND TOUTIIS* PATENT LEATHER
LACE AND BUTTON SHOES— Broken sizes.
formerly 13.00 and 14.00.. SI.OO
MISSES' PATENT LEATHER Button Shoes.
French toes, kid, black cloth or tan - cloth
¦tops. itize» 11 to 2. formerly 54.00 9Se
MISSES* ALL KID OR GOATSKIX Button
. Shoes, French toes, sizes 12 to 2, formerly
J2.50 :........ Osc
LOTS OF BARGAINS.
Goods strictly as advertised.
See prices In window.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
BOERS DEFEATED BY
LORD ROBERTS' ARMY
SUSPECTED OF
COMPLICITY
WATTS MURDER
Sheriff Johnson of Sacra
mento Is Looking for,.
William Westlake.
Brouhard Recently Bargained for a
Revolver, but Says He Wanted
It to End His Own Life
With.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 11.— Sheriff
Johnson reported to-night fhat there have
been no developments In the investigation
Into- the murder of R. R. Watts on the
levee, Just beyond the northern limits of
the cjty. BMrs.8 Mrs. M. E. Brouhard, her di
vorced husband, Charles Brouhard, and
her clerk, George W. Odell, afe still con
fined In the County Jail on charges *of
murder, although with the evidence now
at hand it will not be possible to proceed
to an examination. •
There is little doubt that, as first an
nounced, in The Call, Watts was murder
ed because of his threat to appear as a
witness in the case against Mrs. Brou
hard .in San Francisco. But it is not so
easy to fasten the crime on the guilty
party or parties. Sheriff Johnson has been
indefatigable in his endeavors to run down
every clew, and he has by no means given
tip hope of final success. He is now look
ing for a man named William Westlake,
who is belived to know something about
the crime and in whose room were found
«"ome of Watts' effects. Brouhard himself
has been furnishing all the sensa
tionalism. • ,
It now develops that about two weeks
ago he entered Isldor Cohen's cigar store,
near Fourth and I streets, and bargained
for a revolver, which, however, was held
at too high a figure for his purse. Brou
hard admits the circumstance and says he
wanted to buy the pistol to enable him
to commit suicide. Whether such was his
purpose or whether he-wanted the pistol
to murder Watts with Is at present a
matter of conjecture, but Brouhard has
done enough suspicious things to supply a
plot for a melodramatic villain. Mrs.
Brouhard, by the way. declines to talk.
BRITISH TROOPS USING THE BAYONET.
ON TRAIL OF
LARGE GANG OF
COUNTERFEITERS
Officers Now Believe _- Mc-
Haney. Had Many Ac
'complices^ ; - ? . /
Money Was Probably Coined in the
' Camp of His t Brother in
the \ Banning Dis-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 11.—Fur
ther, investigations Into the case of James
McHaney, - formerly owner of the Desert.
Que^n, mine, give evidence of one of the
strangest counterfeiting schemes ever un
earthed in the- State. In addition to the
coin found. yesterday morning, leading to
the arrest of McHaney, ' inquiry brings' to
light several gold counterfeit coins passed
by him recently, and merchants recall the
time when; McHaney^ ram the -Klondike
saloon a large number of counterfeit dol
lars were- traced to it.
The" United States officers, 'from Los
Angeles arc here following up clews>and
finding plenty of them. It Is supposed
that Hildebrand, who has served a term
for; counterfeiting and who Is now here,
is connected with the case, as he Is an ex
pert counterfeiter; but/although he has
been shadowed;, no evidence against him
has been secured. Manuel Diaz, a Mexi
can, has been arrested as one of the gang
andplaced in jail awaiting developments.
The officers are trying to locate the mint,
bufso. far think it Is across the Mexican
border. ;The coin is made of babbitt metal
and plated over with a battery. ; It was
supposed | that . McHaney, I who has been
making frequent trips to the Desert Queen
mine, stepped from there. across the bor
der when he wanted to stock up.
This, belief was shaken by, the arrival
late last night of Horace Muscott, forest
ranger for the Bannir" District. While
out yesterday near Whitewater 'he came
suddenly upon the camp . of William ) Mc-
Haney, brother 'of the accused and -also
one of the pr6prletors of the Desert Queen
mine. •;• William and his nephew seemed to
be, the only occupants of the camp, but
there were Winchesters In profusion, and
the men kept close to Muscott and tried
to get- behind" him, evidently with evil in
tentions,', but he ! turned ! off . his visit as
merely one necessary as a ranger looking
for. camp-fires, and after, a few. questions
made his escape. • . Neither, he nor William
McHaney, had then heard of the arrest of
James, but the camp > was so suspicious
that ' Muscott ' came ; to i town • as ; soon as
possible and told -his story. The officers
think this is the counterfeiters' camp," and
a large posse went back to-day under the
lead of Muscott to bring in William iJc-
Haney*and his nephew, with _ orders -to
take, them dead or alive. Their return is
anxiously awaited. • ¦ - :
James 'McHaney takes his arrest coolly,
and states that the bogus coins were given
him in change at Redlands and again that
he got them at a saloon here In town. It
Is evident that the officers are on the trail
of a large gang of counterfeiters, and will
probably, bag the game.- -'
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
222-224 SUTTER STREET
SPECIAL
MONDAY-TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY
Eastern Bacon U> fit
"Royal" brand: -fancy sugar cured;
upeciftlly selected and packed for us.
Regularly ISc Ib.
French P«as, imparted tin 25c
Extra fine: they 'are the little ones.
iwtet and tender. Regularly l>c tin.
Bonsless .Sardines' • 1-2 tins 20c
Fancy Imported French boneless « i
flsh in nne- oltve oil. Regularly -30c
Table Syru? 1-2 gal tins 35c
"Silver Drips"; fancy Eastern pura
cane syrup. Regularly 40c.
Bnchwiieat Flour 10-lb sack 63c
Old-fashioned Eastern buckwbiat.
Regularly 73c.
Blended Coffee 2 lbs 35c
Our No. 1 b!«nd <it car«fuHy select-
ed and roasted coffee. Good vralu* at
Society Tea Ib 60c
Special blerrf of Oolong character;
rich, fragrant. Regularly 75c. Sam-
pU package 10c..
Thon ala Bearn?lse, new tin 25c
Tunny flsh In tomato mum. with
mushrooms, olives and pickles; very
.delicate and appetizing.
Chile Sauce . bot 25c
Millar's; lax** bottles. Regularly
35c
Tomato Mustard small bot 12 l-2c \
'-..-:* l*rg» bottls ?2O<s
An appetiiinr condliaent. Regular-
ly 15c and 25c. .
Japan Rice 13 lbs $1.00
Extra fancy head rice. Regularly
Water-proof Clothesline fOOtt 35c
These lines are braided aad will not
kink nor shrink; when soiled can b»
cleaned with soap and water. Regu-
larly 5Cc.
Almond Grater each 95c
The "Id*." best nut and cheesa
grater made. Regularly 11 23.
Candlestick each 20c
Large bowl,. *namri»<l: colors, red.
pink, blue, orange. Regularly 25c
Tootb Brushes each 25c
Loonen's celebrated goods: handles*
in assorted shapes: bristles guaran-
teed. Regularly 35c.
Cabinet Riesling ' gal 65c
Grown in Sonoma County: a splen-
did table wine of Rhine type. Reg. $1.
0. K. Whisky gal $3, 3 bots $2-00
Seven-year-old blend of Bourbon.
Regularly $1 and H.
Just In — fresh shipment of EL
AMOR and EL PR A DO CIGARS
Clear Havana; all sizes.
, THE S A;N > FRANCISCO CALL., MOS DAY, MARCH 12, 1900. '
REPUBLICANS
FAIL TO REACH
A COMPROMISE
Still No Agreement Over the
Porto Rican Tariff
Senator Foraker Unwilling to Go Any
Further Than to Admit! Food
Products Free to the
Island.
Special Dif patch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. March 11.
V-Al}'attempts. to, unite the Republicans of
the ' Senate on a compromise relative to
the Porto Rlcan bill have thus far failed.
Senator Aldrich and other members of
the steering: committee are trying to bring
about. an agreement, but Senator Foraker
is still unwilling to go any further than
to accept an amendment allowing all food
products to be imported into Porto Rico
from the United States free of duty. He
Is not Inclined to yield the management
of his bill to the steering committee. He
thinks that when he and his committee
have decided upon a measure as proper
they. ought not to yield their Judgment to
Senators who have not given the matter
the same amount of consideration.
Senator Aldrich is . still hopeful that
some compromise may be reached and he
Is anxious to bring it about if possible,
before he leaves for Cuba about tne mid
dle of the week.
The j)lan of -compromise advocated by
some Senators is to have the pending bill
amended by cutting the tariff feature en
tirely loose from the general Government
bill and attaching It to the Porto Ridan
relief apropriatlon bill, so amneded as to
permit all imports from the United States
into Porto Rico free of duty and to re
duce the duty on Porto Rlcan goods im
ported into the United States below the
proposed 15 per cent of the Dingley tariff.
This, it is contended, would still preserve
the principle at the bottom of the pend
ing bill and would enable a test case to
be made before the Supreme Court to
determine the question as to the power of
Congress to impose duties on commerce
between the United States and insular
possessions. *
One of the arguments against accepting
this proposition is that it would weaken
the contention- so strenuously made by
Republicans in the House that a tariff Is
needed to supply the revenue for the In
sular government. It Is pointed out that
ifl no duty whatever should be collected
at the Porto Rlcan end, and if the rate
at the United States end should be re
duced below 15 per. cent, the bill would
yield so little revenue as to make It of
very little benefit to the treasury of Porto
Rico.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m Steamers leave Broadway
wharf, San Francisco:
I^^_ _ For Alajkan ports. 10 a. m..
M|^bW >tar - 12 - 1T - -¦ 2: - A f r - '•
f^PfSßrsTsV Change to company's steamers
KkLW at Seattle.
f" or Victoria. Vancouver (B.
|CIU^U c-^'c -^' Port - Townfionii, Seattle.
EU Tacoma. Everett. Anaoortes
and New Whatcorn «AV<«<ih.).
- 10 a. m.. Mar. 12. 17, ». 27.
Apr. 1. and every fifth day thereafter: change
at Seattle to tbla company's steamers for Alaa-
ka and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka fHumboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Mar.
10, 15, 20. 25, 30. Apr. 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (Pan Luis Obispo). Gartota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
a. m.. Mar. 12, 18. 20, 24. 23. April 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port TlarforJ
fSan Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. m..
Mar. 10. 14, IS, 22. 2«. 30. Apr. 3, and every
fourth day thereafter. ' ':¦¦- ¦:- .
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa RobslU
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Mar. S, and 7th
of each month thereafter.
For further information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves th« right to ehangs
steamers, palling dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFTIVK —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND',
From Sp««r-»tr««t Wharf at 10 a. m.
CIDC XI2 First Class Including Berta
rAnC $a Second Class and ileals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA saHa i
...March 14. J4. April 3
COLUMBIA sails March 9. 19, 29. April S
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest,
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
C3O Market street.
GOODALZj. PERKINS & CO.. .
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
Rf TOKX. SOUTHA KPTOS. LOHDOK. FASXS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Pt. Paul March 14ISL Paul April i
Kensington ...March 21 St. Louis April 11
New York March SSlNew York April 13
RED STAR LINE.
New York; aryi Antwerp.
From New Ycrk every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Westernland ..March 14 Friesland April 4
Kensington ...March 21 Southwark April 11
Noordland ....March 2S Westernland ...April 13
EMPIRE LINE. .-
Seattle. St. Mlcrjael. Dawjon City.
For full Information regarding freight and
- . passage apply to .
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
. SO Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHIi
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE TTHARir, COR>
ncr of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (KIoro), Nagasaki and Shanshat. and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia. - etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing;.
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. March 31
NIPPON MARU ....Wednesday. Anrll 2"»
AMERICA MARU... Saturday. May 13
Via Honolulu. . »
Round-trip tickets . at reduced rates. Tot
freight and passage apply at company's oflce.
421 Market ft., corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
PHP fill IP The s - s - Maripcs-i
jfclilflla. '*H» via Honolulu an.)
iTfc - Auckland for Sydney
I^TS aItTm y - MarCh 2i "
. ~ '1300, at 1 p. m.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez,
England., etc. ; $610 first class,
t. b. srncCKELS & BflOS. CO., Mgts., 114 MontcOßMn
Piar 7. Foot Pacific St ' Freight Ottce.327 Market SL
KOSMOS UNEfira!
• ; I BEK.API3 .4000 To;
Monthly •ailisc for Valparaiso and Hamburg
vi» Mexio«a ports. Central, Sou ti Aa erloa,ew.
8. 8. HATHOa SAILS ABOUT XASCH 81
J. D. SntCCXXLS ft BHOS. CO_ » «..tt. 11l M—HaM«ry S
BAY AND v BIVEB . STEAMEBS.
2
The Yorkshires and New. Zealanderd driving: the Boers from a strong position near Colesberg: at the point of the bayonet. It Is Interesting to note that these two
bodies of troops, fighting side by side In a distant land, live when at home almost directly antipodal to each other.
ADVERTISEMENTS.IMPERIALISM
AS DANGEROUS
AS SECESSION
Thus Declares Dr. Jordan
in Discussing the New
Policy.
Ex-President Harrison Among Those
Who Applaud the Remarks
of the President of Stan
ford University.
«
Special IMs'patch to The Call.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, March 11.— David
Starr Jordan, president of Leland Stan
ford University, has started some vigorous
thinking in the Central States. It is due
to his lecture last night at Indianapolis
before the school-teachers at the Univer
sity Club on "Lessons from the Trans
vaal." Ex-President Harrison was among
those who welcomed him. President Jor
dan said the most dangerous and subver
sive theory since that of secession was
that of American imperialism, exemplified
in the taxation of trade with Porto Rico.
It would be repudiated by the American
people, as it ought to be. If we. were to
retain our new possessions as part of the
I'nited States the constitution gave us all
the ranee an honest Congress needed In j
managing them. They must take care of |
themselves, as the rest of us did, for the
word "sovereignty" was unknown to
American law.
"The time has come.." he continued, "to
decide whether what we want Is expan
sion, extension of American institutions
or holding these inferior nations as in- |
ferlor nations for our own benefit and.
Incidentally, for their own good. There
is oniy one answer to that question, and
tnat is: Expansion Is impossible under
our constitution. Wherever our flag
goes to stay there our constitution goes
to stay. There never can be two kinds of
citizens under our flag— a regular citi
zen and a three-quarter citizen. The de
sire to add the Philippines to the United
States is based on ignorance of what the
Philippines really are and what we will
ultimately do with them.
Bad Policy but Good Morals.
"To admit Luzon and Mindanao as
States micht be bad policy, but would
not be bad morals. The constitution pro
vided that Import duties shall be equal
throughout the United States. There
shall be none between States. Therefore
any tax levied on Porto Rico provides that
It is not part of the United States. If it
is not part of the United States it is not
under the constitution, hence it is not
under the dominion of the President and
Congress, who are creatures of the con
stitution. Congress cannot do other than
extend the general tariff law to any part
of the United States. To suppose that
Congress can go where the constitution
cannot and yet be a creature under the
constitution is an idea unthinkable.
"When the country of Hawaii disap
peared its people became citizens of the
United States with all the rights and pre
rogatives of our own citizens, including
the right of tariff protection and of free
trade enjoyed by other citizens of the
Union. Congress cannot extend the con
stitution to any place that the constitu
tion does not legally cover. There is no
warrant In the constitution or good
morals for the terms. of possession and
Fovereignty as distinguished from equal
right and ordinary citizenship. It is bad
enough to make negroes and Malays equal
citizens of the United States: to make
them vassals would be infinitely worse.
The tropical economical system which Is
rapidly ruining Great Britain cannot be
fastened on the people of the United
States."
England Guilty of Murder.
In his reference to Transvaal affairs
President Jordan said the forcing of war
upon those people by the British was a
deliberate murder, and the responsibility
of the crime rests upon Chamberlain «md,
incidentally, Cecil Rhodes, who, although
undoubtedly a great man. Is utterly devoid
of conscience. While none of us want to
see England actually whipped, there are
many of us who would like to see a good
sized knot tied on the tail of the British
lion Further along President Jorfl.in
said:
"The great Irsson of the Transvaal will
be learned later on. Imperialism, militar
ism, greed, will never strengthen England
permanently. Th« only strength a nation
has is In the hearts of Its people, and that
is what makes the United States as a no
tion what It Is to-day.- Imperialism Is the
slavery of nations. Not until 'Uncle Tom's
Cabin' was written did the people of the
United States realize what the slavery of
men really meant. Some day soineH&^.v
v.iil write the 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' of Bilt
ish Imperialism, ard it will create a grcar
r-r stir than did the book of Harriet
1 Bcecher Rtowe. Great Britain Is »n the
! wrong. The Anglo-Saxon has a mission to
perform. Its influence should be felt In
every nation, its sword In none."
Ex-President Harrison was among those
who applauded Dr. Jordan's- assault upon
Imperialism. i -
who has been to the Klondike and was
for a time editor of the Klondike Review;
Raphael Mervllle, who is a brother-in-law
of M. de Lrmre and who holds a fast au
tomobile record, and L. Crom, private
secretary of M. de Lamre. The three
travelers sent ahead of them to this coun
try an automobile of five horse power and
a motor cycle oi three horse power. The
vehicles have been forwarded to.Van
couver,' whence they will be sent to
Skaguay and on to Lake Bennett by way
of the Yukon and the White Pass Rall
load. M. de Lamre said to-day that he
Intended, to start on Wednesday for Mon
treal andson April 19 to start by automo
bile from Lake Bennett for Atlin.
"The automobile will go In front, the
motor cycle will follow and a sleigh car
rying provisions will bring up the rear,"
he said.
"At the Places where we must travel by
water." he added. "I Intend to place the
automobile In a large flat canoe and use
the power In the machine to work the
paddles."
AMERICAN CONTROL OF
THE ISTHMIAN CANAL
Captain Mahan Urges an Increase in
the Navy to Back Up the Mon
roe Doctrine.
NEW YORK. March 11.— In a paper on
"The Monroe Doctrine and Our Navy,"
which he has written for the forthcoming
issue of Leslie's Weekly, Captain A- T.
Mahan says:
¦\Ve must remember that other nations, and
especially European— because the *nost active —
are interested likewise . In using the isthmian
canal and, for the support of their Interests,
in talninc -positions. To their doinz so we
oppose the Monroe doctrine.
The navy should strictly be superior to any
which can be broueht aealnst )t, hut this tx
treme conclusion Is qualified by "thY circum
stances, such as our nearness to the Caribbean
Pea. our national power throuch our irreat le
sources, the daneerg to which oar possible op
ponents may be exposed In othor quarters anJ
from other enemies. We cannot la the near
future expect to have a navy nearly as iars"
as that which Great Britain must keep, but It
is easily within our means to rival that of
France "or Germany, the only Kun/pean Males
other than Great Britain whose general inter
ests mlKht lead them actively to dispute the
maintenance of the Monroe doctrine.
Reflection upon this condition will Indicate
the size nrcessary to our own war fleet and
aluo the wisdom of cultivating those cordial
relations to which Great Britain has Invited
us. which our Interests and our Institutions
advise and the existence of which put It out
of t^e power or wish of any other state to
quarrel with us about the Monroe doctrine. It
Id to the interest of Great Britain that we
should take naval charge of the American Isth
mus, provided she can feel' sure that we will
do It effectively or that our preparations and
our deeds will answer to the words oJ Wash
ineton and Monroe.
RAILROADS AGREE TO
STOP CUTTING OF RATES
Practically an Alliance Formed for
Protection Against the Inter
state Commerce Law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 11.— It Is rumored
that the great Western railroads have
made an agreement to do no more cutting
of rates between Chicago and the western
coast. The agreement. It Is reported on
excellent authority, practically amounts
to an alliance of these railroads for mu
tual protection against the interstate com
merce law.
According to the Herald's informant, at
a meeting of representatives of all or
most of the continental lines, which
took place here on March 8. an agreement
was made that after March 15 there would
be absolutely no cutting of rates west of
Chicago and to the Pacific Coast. .
Among the roads said to have been rep
resented at the conference were the Chi
cago. Burlington and .Qunicy Railroad.
Southern Pacific. Central Pacific, North
ern Pacific. Atchlson. Topeka and Santa
Fe and Chicago and Northwestern roads.
In fact, it is said that every important
line between Chicago and the Pacific
coast, with the exception of the Canadian
roads, entered into the compact.
Neither Cook nor Raymond or any tour
ists* companies which hitherto have had
special rates will, it Is asserted, receive
any advantage under the new arrange
ment. V^:-'.
CHEERS FOR THESPIANS.
Comedie Francaise Members Well
Received in Their New Home.
PARIS, March 11.— A large and fashion
able audience filled the Grand Opera
house this afternoon and gave the mem
bers of the Comedle Frahcaise a warm re
ception on their first appearance since the
fire which destroyed their old home, the
Theatre Francais.
Mile. Dudlay was the recipient of an
especially enthusiastic greeting. Hand
kerchiefs and hats were, waved and bou
quets of roses and violets .were thrown
upon the stage from all part of the
house. Deeply moved, the actress re
sponded by throwing back kisses.
"Andremaque" and "Le : Malade
Imaglnaire" were performed and the
acoustics. of the opera-house proved bet
ter than had been expected.
Colombian Revolution Grows.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, March 11.— A gen
eral and fifteen men have landed here on
the way to Colon.; They, say they 'are Ar
gentlans and are going to join the Colom
bia revolutionists. Mail advices 'to-day
from Panama report that the Colombian
revolutionary movement continues.
Hoisting Works Burned.
VIRGINIA. ' Nev.; v Marclr 11— Gould &
Curry's hoisting works caught fire from
a defective stovepipe at noon and 'in tw»
hours the building was • gutted. The ma
chinery: was damaged by water. '.The
plant was fully insured. . . . .
Plague Case in Sydney.
'. SYDNEY, ; N. S, W. , , March 11.— Three
fresh cases "of bubonic plague in Sydney
are officially rejwrted to-day. •
REFUSES TO
ADVERTISE
RAILROADS
One Innovation in ths
Christian Edition of the
Topeka Capital.
NEW EDITOR A SOCIALIST
¦ •
Sev. Dr. Sheldon Orders His Jour
nalistic Staff to Abstain
Froaa Using Tobacco
i. or Liquor.
Special Dispatch to Tie Call.
TOPEKA. Kans.. March IL— An un
usually large number of people attended
K<jv. Charles M. Sheldon's church to-day.
It was expected he would say something
in regard to the experiment of editing a
Christian daily newspaper next week, but
In this the congregation was disappointed.
He made no reference to the matter what
ever. The subject of his discourse was
"Discontent." His text was taken from
the seventeenth pealm, fifteenth verse:
"As for me, I will behold thy face In
righteousness; I phall be satisned when I
awake with thy likeness."
The giet of the sermon was to the effect
that discontent exists only with the un
saved and unrighteous. The true Chris
xian, he said. Is contented under almost
any circumstances. The sermon was a
disappointment. It was not up to Mr.
Sheldon's usual standard. He appeared
"worn out. and the sermon Itself showed
lack of caxef ul preparation. • During the
past week Mr. Sheldon has been spending
co much time in the Capital office that
his sermon suffered from neglect. Mr.
Sheldon did not preach To-night. Services
oonslsted in Bible readings, music, etc.
It leaked out to-day that Mr. Sheldon
Tcfused to advertise railroads. Asked
about the matter, the management of the
Capital to-night confirmed the report. Mr.
Sheldon assigned eeveral reasons for re
fusing this class of advertisements. He
Is a socialist and believes that railroads
should not be advertised any more than
public highways should. Another reason
Jor his refusal is the fact that railroads
compel employes to work on Sunday,
fsheldon bitterly opposed any kind of
work being done on Sunday. He believes
railroads should suspend business on Sun
day and aJI trains come to a standstill at
midnight Saturday night or before that
time in cases where stops would be more
Rev. Mr. Sheldon's instructions to the.
telegraph editor of the Capital for next
¦week are to the effect that all telegraph
news as It comes off the wire must first
be submitted to him. After he has -kill
ed" the portions of it lie desires he will
turn the copy over to the telegraph editor,
¦who will edit and write heads. Then asrain
must the matter be submitted to Sheldon
ff>r approval. A similar system will be
followed in the local rooms. Mr. Sheldon
will instruct the reporters in advance how
he wants each Ftory handled.
Mr. Sheldon has ordered the employes
of the Capital to abstain from the use of
tobacco or liquor in any form. This
morning when "30" (signifying that no
more matter is to be received* went in and
the forms were ready for the press the
entire editorial and report orial force held
a meeting sr.d resolved to quit the tobacco
habit and to abstain from the use of al
cnholiu liquors in future. Mr. Sheldon 1*
greatly pleased with this reform.
Petition for More Light.
y A ¦petition ¦: has "been'; circulated for the
past two jor three days among workers . in
the leading: newspaper offices fof the ?'clty.
praying the ¦ Board of Supervisors to; con
tinue '•¦ the street' lights "after 12 o'clock i at
night, as it Is after that hour that morn
ing i newspaper employes ' are benefited •by
the 'rays on their, way. to their homes after
the Darjers co to press. 'The plan suggest-
WILL RIDE TO KLONDIKE
ON AN AUTOMOBILE
NEW YORK. March IL— The French
steamer Aqultaine. which came into port
to-day from Havre. . brought three
Frenchmen, who cay they intend to make
the attempt to go to the Klondike by au
tomobile. They are E. Janne de Larare.
SAYS PHILANTHROPY
INCREASES PAUPERISM
Senator.' Depew "Declares Charitable
Efforts Are Generally -Pro- 'fi
ductive of :Harm.
WASHINGTON," * March 11.— President
McKlnley. Secretary '¦'. Long, Senator.De
pew and a number." of ' members : of Con
gress to-night attended; a public" meeting
at the Columbia .Theater, ¦ held 'in : the
interests of the National Junior Republic.
which has Its | headquarters at Annapolis
Junction Md.' The object of the republic
is to provide for the boys of Washington
and Baltimore,- especially,; those without
homes, a ; place where they can be taught
to care ; for - and govern themselves. • Sen
ator ; Depew, made an Interesting . address,
in the course of: which 'he said: . .
.- "I / am . always ¦ suspicious *of . philan
thropy. 1 it comes to me In so many. forms
and so many guises, seeking help. In
many cases - either the individual is a
fraud oofr f - the ; cause ; he . represents Is a
fraudulent one. I am convinced that fully
one half iof all charitable efforts are pro
ductive ' of ' more harm ? than • good.- They
increase - pauperism and ' encourage pau
pers to remain as such.". " . ¦ .. , ¦. . ' ¦.
BIG DONATION FOR
THE FRENCH HOSPITAL
Meeting at Native Sons' Hall
Preparatory to the Society ?s
Regular Annual Election.
The French Benevolent Society, of
which the French Hospital is an ad
junct, met yesterday afternoon at Native
Sons' Hall preparatory to the annual
meeting for the election of officers, which
is set for March 25.
Secretary A. Labigne read extracts
from his annual report, the most im
port Item of which is the announcement
of the settlement of the A. E. Sabatle
estate. This will bring no less than $102,
000 into the treasury of the society to be
devoted to the needs of the hospital.
Upon the conclusion of the reading of
the secretary's report many were the
eulogies pronounced upon the deceased
Sabatie. A. Goustlaux spoke at length on
the liberality and charity of M. Sabatle
in the most glowing terms. It was sug
gested by P. A. Bergerot that the gift to
the society be commemorated by the ex
penditure of $1000 for a bust of M. Sabatie
to be erected in the hospital. Dr. Oscar
Maver an honorary member of the Insti
tution, proposed that the endowment go
toward the fitting up of a new operating
room, at the. entrance of which the bust
should be placed.
The following directors were placed in
nomination: A. Messager, F. Cediez, R.
M Agulrre, F. St. Denis. A. Miqueu. H.
Falregue, D. Cames. John Burgess and
Emanuel Meyer. James Godeaux will
be judge of election.
CONTINUE THE AGITATION
AGAINST MGR. SBARRETTI
Mf«ting of Havana Citizens to Pro- j
test His Appointment to the
Bishopric.
HAVANA. March 11.— Comparatively
few people attended to-day's meeting to
protest against the appointment of Mgr.
Sbarretti to tho bishopric of Havana. A
committee of four, including General
Maximo Gomez, was appointed to visit
the hiFhop a.r.d inform him respectfully of
the wi.<=hes of the Cuban people. It was
argued that it would be better to take
course <in the chance that Mgr.
Ftiarretti would express a willingness to
resign, and thus to save the work of
organizing some forty sub-committees
«>f protest from the various parts of the
tUocese. as was originally proposed.
A resolution was offered advocating that
a protest be sent direct to the Pope and
that nothing further be done till his
answer had been received, but this was
negatived by a large majority. It being
argued that the movement might grow
coid were the agitation to be dropped for
cix weeks, the time it was estimated
would be required to get a reply from
Home.
A representative of the popular com
mittee of protest, who was present, said
peceral manifestations in opposition to
the appointment were about to be made in
the provinces of Matanzas and Santa
Clara on the day after the landing of
Mgr. Sbarreiti. but that the letter which
General Gomez published in the Havana
papers was telegraphed to many towns
and had the effect of deterring the intend
ing demonstrations.
WILL ESTABLISH NAVAL
STATION AT PEARL HARBOR
Secretary Long to Appoint a Board of
Officers Who Will Be Entrusted
With the Work.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. March 11.— Orders will
be issued by Secretary Long to-morrow
to the organizing board, which will make
arrangements for the establishment of a
r.aval 'station at Pearl Harbor. Hawaii.
Rear Admiral Bradford, chief of the Bu
reau of Equipment, has brought to the
attention of the department the impor
tance of establishing a Etation at Pearl
Harbor as promptly as possible, and It is
'n accordance with his recommendation
that the board will be appointed.
It w'U consist of Rear Admiral A. S.
Barker, commandant of the Norfolk navy
yard president: Captain Henry C. Tay
jor. hour commander of tne \ ermont;
Commander C. C. Todd. chief hydro-
C'-Dhe'- and Civil Engineer H. H. Rous
s*>au. -while Lieutenant F. L. Chapln will
gerve as recorder.
PRESIDENT TAKES FIRM
STAND ON THE TREATIES
Asks Time for Ratification, Declar
ing That Senate Must Bear
All Responsibility.
Ep«>c!a! D!sr.2fh to The Call.
WASHINGTON. March 11.— President
UcKJn!«?y has taken a firm Btand In sup
port of the treaties of reciprocity now
pending in the Senate. Not only will tr.e
time for the exchange of ratifications of
the French treaty be extended, but it :s
understood to be his purpose to request
¦the British Government to extend th»
time fnr the ratincatlon of the treaties
¦with the British West Indies.
The position of the administration now
«s that the Senate must act upon the
treaties or must take the resnonsibiliiv
'or their failure The matter has devH
ined considerab!e political importance,
nnd Jt is this fart which has caused the
President to determine to extend the time
provision in the treaties.
Retired Officer Passes Away.
BOSTON. March 11.— Captain Joseph T\ .
Celray V. S. A., retired, died to-d*y. aged
C 3 years. His body will be taken tp Ar
lington Cemetery. Washington, for inter
ment. ' m
Protest Against Meat Bill.
BERLIN. March IL— Protests against
the meat inspection bill have been for
ws^d>d from the South German and Cen
txsJ Gennaa Chambers of Commerce
EXCITING SCENES AT
BAPTISMAL SERVICES
One Hundred and Eighty-Four
Negroes Plunged Into a Tank
and Two Women Faint.
NEW YORK. March 11.— Negro men.
women and children— some deaf, some
mute and others blind, but most of them
whole and sound— to the number of IS4
were plunged into a tank of water and
brought out of It gasping and breathless
in the Mount Olive Baptist Church to
day. - .
"This is the largest number of persons
ever baptized In one Christian church!"
exclaimed the pastor, Rev. C. T. Walker,
as he led the last of the dripping proces
sion from the font to a pew. An ambu
lance was summoned from the Roosevelt
Hospital and three old colored women
who had fainted because of the shock of
Immersion, combined with the poor venti
lation of the church, were carried to their
homes. The extraordinary scene was the
culmination of a series of revivals In this
church, which have caused more than <00
persons to take communion besides the
18-t who were Immersed to-day.
THIRTY MEN DROWNED
CAGED BELOW DECKS
Awful Fate of Sailors That Com
prised the Crew of the Wrecked
Steamer Cuvier.
LONDON. March 11.— It is now learned
that the British steamer Cuvier,.com
manded by Captain Quinton, which was
reported Friday last sunk by an unknown
steamer, v/as run down In the Straits of
Dover the morning of the 9th by a
steamer whose Identity Is not known. The
three survivors who were landed at
Calais, France, shortly after the disaster
say a great hole was torn in the Cuvier,
sinking her in leas than five • minutes.
They further state that the thirty men
comprising the crew . were below at the
time of the collision and were unable to
reach the decks and man the boats, so
quickly did the rammed vessel go' down,
and that the colliding vessel paid no heed
to the cries for assistance shouted to those
on board and steamed away.
The captain and third mate were seen
to jump from the. bridge as their vessel
went down. Two of the survivors clung
to a capsized boat until picked up by the
Windsor and taken to Calais. It is be
lieved all the other members of the crew
of the Cuvier are drowned.
¦ » I
NEGRO IS LYNCHED.
Had Killed Two White Men and Was
Quickly Punished.
VALDOSTA. Ga>. March 11.— Word was
received here to-night of a double murder
and lynching near Jennings, Fla. Two
white men of the name of Carver were
killed by a negro, whose name could not
be learned. - The negro was captured by
the Sheriff. A mob quickly gathered,
took the murderer away from the officer
and swung him up to a tree.
Miners' Wages Raised.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KESWICK, March . 11.— Miners* wages
have been raised at Iron Mountain mine,
the scene of the recent disastrous cave-
In. They are now to receive $3 instead of
J2 75, as before. Mushers will receive $2 50,
an increase of 50 cents. The mine will be
running to its full capacity during the
coming week. The cave-in caused a sus
pension of work, as all energies were di
rected to rescuing the dead and catching
up the ground where tit had caved and
blocked the main tunnel.
Seven Houses Burned.
SAN DIEGO. March 11.— A special to the
Union* from Ogilby in this county says
that the Stingaree portion of the Hedges
mining camp was burned this evening.- J.
D Craig, in whose house the fire started,
is' badly burned and Is in . a precarious
condition. The fire was caused by the
explosion of a lamp. Seven houses were
burned. ¦ 9
Iowa Ready to Sail.
LOS ANGELES, March 11.— A large
number of peopie to-day visited the lowa,
which HesinSan Pedro harbor. Admiral
Kautz,' accompanied' by his. wife and sev
erar officers of. the warship, came to this
city and later ascended Mount Lowe. The
lowa will leave San. Pedro for San Fran
cisco some time to-morrow afternoon.
Death of Well-Known Actor.
I"J NEW YORK. ' March IL^-John >Z. Little,
the actor. Is dead Jn Brooklyn, aged 62
year* He was a. native of ¦, Philadelphia
and was at one time manager, of a theater
in Chicago. He toured the whole United
States with his: company, producing
"The World."
Imprisoned for Life.
i PEKING. March 11.— An • Imperial edict
lust Issued directs - the Imprisonment for
life ?of Wu Shih < Chiu for , assisting the
Peklng'syndlcate to get the Ho-Nan Rail,
way, concession.. .-.•'.. *
one of Governor Taylor's most ardent sup
porters. Colonel Williams was in com
mand of the troops at Frankfort until
quite recently.
TAYLOR PARDONS ALL
OF THE ACCUSED MEN
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. March 11.—Accord
ing" to a statement made by Governor
Taylor to-night to a representative of tho
Commercial, he has granted a pardon to
each of the persons- for whom warrants
have been issued charging them with be
ing accessories to the assassination of
Governor Goebel, Including Secretary of
State Caleb Powers and ex-Secretary of
State Finlcy. In his statement Gov
ernor Taylor recites the conditions un
der which he claims to have been elected
and charges the Democratic contestants
for State offices with conspiracy to secure
control of the government. He con
tinues:
Notwithstanding these conspirators * ere de
feated at the polls as to the State officers, they
succeeded in securing a majority in each of the
two houses of the General Assembly and in re
taining in power the State canvasslnc and
countmz machine.
While many Democratic members were hon
estly elected, yet others were elected by the
manipulation. of dishonest j.reclnct officers and
County Canvassing Boards before and during
the election, and then after the election by a
syßtem of countlnß in and counting: out until
the majority aforesaid was obtained. As thus
constituted, the General Assembly and Un
vas-slne Hoard have declared that the will of
the people, as expressed at the polls, shall be
net aside. It Is needless to cay that such con
splracres as this almost inevitably* produce
revolution, because a free people will not wlll
lncly be deprived of their right of suflraKe or
concent that the minority Instead of the ma
jority shall rule.
Pending this unfortunate struggle, the Hon.
William Goebel, the contestant for the office of
Governor, was assassinated by some person
whose Identity Is unknown. Thereupon a con- .
splracy was formed to fasten this heinous
crime upon all or some of the State officers
elected by the people, the purpose being to ob
scure and cover the political, robbery and to
terrorize and destroy all opposition. In order
to carry out this foul conspiracy they procured
an act appropriating JIOO.COO. ostensibly for the
purpose of detecting the criminals, and em
ployed a lawyer whose course in the criminal
practice in Cincinnati was so odious as to cause
a riot, resulting in the destruction of the Court
house and the loss of over forty lives.
Following this, an employe of the Cincinnati
Enquirer has made ' affidavits charging that
Hon. Caleb Powers, Secretary of State: his
brother. John Powers, a captain of a company
of State militia: W. H. Coulton, a clerk in the
Auditor's office; Hon. Charles Flniey. ex-Sec
retary of State, and Captain John w; Davis,
policeman of the Statehouse grounds, con
spired, aided and abetted in said assassination.
Wurrants were issued and said W. H. Coulton
was, during the night of March 9, taken from
his home, where his wife and children were
sick, and Incarcerated In the County Jail, with
out ball or being Biven an opportunity to secure
ball On the day of said assassination Har
land" Whittaker, wMose residence Is In Butler
County Ky . was arrested and charged with
said crime and assassination and was placed
In Jail and kept confined without trial for over
one month, in defiance* of law requiring a
speedy examination and that a person charged
with crime shall be brought out every two days.
Uj«jn the trial he was held over without bail,
notwithstanding" there was absolutely no evi
dence "introduced showing his guilt. For some
cjiuse or without cause, our courts, composed
almost entirely of Democratic Judges have be
come so partisan that it is practically, if not
absolutely. Impossible for any man not of their
persuasion to obtain a fair trial. As organized,
the courts are courts of conviction instead of
CO Under Ot thlt'Wte of affairs, believing that
each one of said persons is Innocent of any
complicity in said crime, and further believing
tho t the "enormous reward will secure (he- con
viction of these men. however innocent, I
deemed it my solemn duty to Issue pardons to
them in order that these political conspirators
might not be enabled to deprive them of their
liberty or life. The guilty men should be pun
ished but designing men controlling the courts
should not be enabled to shed blood of Innocent
men- and If it is In my power to prevent it I
pledge myself, in the name of God and human
ity, that It shall not be done.
ACCUSED MEN ARE
TAKEN TO LOUISVILLE
LOUISVILLE. K>\. March 11.— An officer
from Frankfort arrived here to-night
about 8:30 having in custody ' Hariaml
Whittaker, who at his preliminary trial
a few days ago was held .to the Grand
Jury on the charge of complicity In tho
assassination of Governor Goebel, and W
H Coulton. who was arrested yesterday
on a -similar charge. The men were
brought here from Frankfort because of
the fear that an attempt would be made
by the soldiers, acting under the Republi
can administration, to liberate them.
MULTITUDES HEAR
THE BOY PREACHER
Three Services Held at Howard-Street
Church and Many Converts
Are Made.
Devout Christians and scoffing Infidels,
the lame, the halt and the. blind, profes
sional men, laborers, the unemployed
and women of all ages and from every
walk of life crowded Howard-street
M. E. Church from door to pulpit at
three different services held yesterday at
which Master Jack Cooke, the boy evan
gelist, officiated. This youth is attract
ing unusual attention. Many believe that
he is as he says, filled with the spirit
of the Holy Ghost, while others believe
that he is what he appears to be, a boy
of considerable learning in his chosen line
and endowed only with the right to
preach If so inclined, a right denied to no
one under the laws of this land. .
The services conducted yesterday were
on the same lines as those that enter
tained the congregation during all of last
week. The boy preacher preached, an
swered questions to the best of his abil
ity and exhorted his hearers to follow the
teachings of scripture. An experience
meeting followed. In which many told of
the sins they had committed in the past
and prayed that henceforth their feet
would always tread the straight and nar
row path. During the day it was found
necessary to remove one of the audience
for his annoying conduct. Another was
denied admittance to church for having
created a disturbance during a prior meet-
Ing These were the only Incidents that
tended to disturb the various meetings.
At the close of each meeting many people
went to the altar and confessed the sins
of their lives. Prayer was offered for
them and- they prayed with those who
had converted them. It was late in the
evening before the last service concluded.
EASTERN ATHLETES TO
BE WELL ENTERTAINED
The Eastern champion athletes who did
such brilliant work In the boxing and
wrestling tournament last week in the
Olympic Athletic Club arena will be tha
recipients of marked attention during the
week to come. They will start eastward
next Monday. In the meantime they will
be lavishly entertained at theater parties
and In sightseeing, being shown all points
of interest in and about this city.
They all express surprise at the hospi
tality shown them by the directorate oC
the Olympic Club, as it has, apparently,
been boundless. When the young men
left the East they were warned against
Western spectators and the referees by
whom their performances were to ba
passed upon. They have had no reason
to feel unkindly toward the referees. Jack
Kitchen and Eugene Van Court, both of
whom dealt out exact justice. The spec
tators have fairly idolized the visitors and
have accorted them the most kindly and,
enthusiastic receptions at every available
opportunity.
The work of the visitors has revived
wrestling and has also placed amateur
boxing on a higher plane. It is possible
the Olympic Club officials will make the*
tournament an annual event working in
conjunction with the officials of the Ama
teur Athletic Union in the East. Presi
dent William Greer Harrison. J. A. Ham
mersmith, John Elliott and their asso
ciates on the Olympic directorate worked
hard and earnestly for the success of the
tournament, in the brilliant outcome of
which they find their recompense.
The athletes are to be the guests of the
Orpheum management tnls evening. When
they first arrived John Morrisey, man
ager of the Orpheum. sent an invitation
tendering them the freedom of the house,
but the cares of training caused them to
postpone an acceptance until their work
In ring and on mat was over.
Boxes have been set aside for the visit
ors, and John Morrisey has promised to
see that they remember their visit to tha
Orpheum with genuine pleasure.
DEMOCRATS
ORGANIZING
THEIR ARMY
Continued from First Page,
CHRISTIAN CHURCH TO
INCREASE ITS POWER
Meeting of the Angelical Board at
¦ Which Ways and Means Were
Discussed.- :
First Christian Church. Twelfth street,
near Howard, was last evenirig the scene
of an earnest meeting, held to devise ways
and means for the furtherance of . the
interests of- the church and to provide for
the establishment iot other churches of
the sect throughout the ctly. Judge E.
A. Bridgford, chairman of the angelical
board. , presided at . the . meeting and was
assisted by Dean S. M. Jefferson of Berk
eley, Rev. Mr. Hathaway of Alameda.
Rev. G. Smith .of Oakland. Rev. W.
White of the West Side Church and Rev.
Frank S. Ford of the First Christian
Church. . . - •• -
-"These five churches constitute the
strength of the Christian church in the
bay cities." said Judge Bridgford. "The
purpose of this meeting is: to enlist the
aid of all in the church to join hands and
aid 'us- to gain greater strength-through
out the land. The board of which I am the
chairman was not organized for spasmodic
effort, but for methodical and permanent
labor on behalf of .the church. A few
years ago there were but five churches of
our denomination in . Chicago. To-day
there are twenty-one and the church la
still forging ahead. We are here to
night to enlist you in the ranks of the
workers and provide you with the muni
tions , of war,. for we. are going to lay
siege ¦to the city. In unity there is
strength and- with proper organization
much can be done."
- In all probability Rev. A. W. Darst of
i Chicago will come to this city and aid in
the fight of the church to enlarge Its
scope. All the ministers present spoke of
the hope, they placed in the new move
ment to advance the interests of the
church : and believed that a few years
hence would see the cljurch as thorough
ly established and as strong as it is to
day in Chicago and other portions of the
East. Several meetings will be held in
the course of the next few weeks to com-
I plete the plan already under preparation
I for the establishment of other churches
throughout the bay cities.
YAQUI BRAVES
SLAUGHTERED BY
THE MEXICANS
Four Days of Skirmishing
Brings Disaster to'the
Indians. • :
Mayas Have Also Taken the War
path and Bands '. of Them Are '
Continually Harassing the
Mexican Troops. 1
AUSTIN. Texas, March 11.— A specir.l
from Potam, Mexico, says that during the
four days ending on Friday the Yaqui In
dians and • the Mexican troops had four
engagements near Cocorlto, Mexico. The
Mexican troops are endeavoring to force
their way ¦ through this section of the
country so as to keep a roadway between
Torin and that point open for travel.
There are a great' many Indians known
to be in this immediate section, and it is
evident that a very strong force will have
to be in the field at once to suppress the
uprising. The> engagements of the four
days mentioned very disastrously
for the Indians, as in the neighborhood of
200 are known to have been killed, and
possibly more. The Mexican troops.suf
fered very little loss of life, though some
twenty soldiers were wounded.- • -
All the engagements were in the nature
of skirmishes, lasting only a few hours,
when the Indians would retire. The fact
that the Maya Indians have also taken the
warpath arid are harassing the troops a
great deal gives rise to grave surmises as
to how long it will take to bring the up
rising to a termination.
A special- from Ortiz. State of Sonota,
is •to the effect that on Friday , reporcs
reached there of a bloody skirmish be
tween a band of some SOO Yaquls-anl
about an equal number of soldiers about
fifty miles west of that palce. in which the
fighting was continued all day. The. loss
among the soldiers was light owing to
their splendid fortifications, behind a nat
ural breastwork of bowlders on a hillside,
with the Indians in the open. It was a
cleverly laid trap Into which the Indians
were led, and while they left none of their
dead on the field it is thought their loss is
heavy, as quite a'number were seen o
fall. Reliable information states that
fully 2500 Yaquis are now in the neighbor
hood of Guaymas. and fully as many more
are prowling between Medano and Potam.
WRECK OF THE
LILA AMD MATTIE
AT TILLAMOOK
Schooner Goes Ashore at
the Mouth of the
Harbor.
Weather Was Very Heavy at the
. Time, and All Efforts to
Save Her Were Un
availing.
"';?¦¦ . '¦'• Special Dispa tch to The Call.
ASTORIA. Or., March IL— The schooner
Lila and Mattie of San Francisco Is ashore
at the head of Tillamook Bay, and from
the meager details of the disaster received
here will be a total loss. '&%£&%&
The accident happened on Friday while
the vesselwas crossing out of the har
bor. The weather was very -heavy, at -the
time,. and the southwest gale and strong
current set the schooner In toward the
spit. The steamer Harrison was near by,
and Captain Dodge passed a line to the
helpless vessel. The line soon parted and
the schooner struck. It was impossible to
render further assistance, and the Harri
son continued on her way.
As the weather was very severe on Sat
urday It is feared here that the schooner
will go to pieces. She was built at-Al
bion Bay, California, in ISSB, - and is of
106.53 tons gross register. For several
years she has plied between San Fran
cisco and Tillamook in the lumber trade.
WILCOX, THE
WIFE MURDERER,
IS ARRESTED
He Is Found at the Home of
His Father in
Pasadena.
Breaks Down and Confesses to tha
Brutal Deed, but Says Ha -.•<".''
Was Insane at tha
Time.
-
«
PASADENA. March 11.-C. W. TVTIcoX,
who murdered bis wife on the 7th inst. at
Santa Rosa, was arrested here this after
noon by Marshal Lacey and Policeman
Goltman. The Sheriff of Santa Rosa had
notified Marshal Lacey that WUcox might
come here, where he has relatives. WHcox
came to-day from Los Angeles on an elec
tric car and went to the house of his
father, A. W. Wllcox. on the corner of
Marengo and Washington streets. Tn»
murderer's stepmother notified the officers.
Wilcox broke down, fell on the Mar
shal's neck and confessed the crime, say-
Ing: "I was crazy. They said I used a
hatchet, but I killed her with a revolver.
I must have shot her twice, for I had fly»
bullets in my gun. and I had three when
I came to my senses. I want to bo ar
rested."
The Sheriff will arrive on Monday to
take the murderer back. Wllcox says l:e
has been sick since the 27th of last July
and out of his head at times.
"I was jealous of Ida, because I thought
another man had been showing her aorna
attentions. When I shot her I took two
doses of poison, but the poison failed.'
Wllcox senior has gone to Kelseyvllle.
THE SA3* FRANCISCO CAXL, MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1900.
Ed In the petition Is to light alternate
lamps throughout ; the city. This, of
course, would mean no extra outlay, as all
the lamps are now used up to 12 o'clock at
night- ,- The petition is signed by | about
300 or 400 names and will be presented to
the Board of Supervisors this afternoon.
ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS.
Xine ladies played on Friday In an
eighteen-hole handicap on the Presidio
links. The course was sodden with rain
and the greens were heavy and slow. Mlsa
Mary Scott won the prize for the best
scratch score. Mis 3 Caro Crockett took
the prize for the best handicap score and
Miss E. W. Morgan the award for second
best handicap score. The others who
played were Mrs. R. Oilman Brown. Miss
M B. Houghton. Mls3 Edith Chesebroush.
Mrs. Belcher. Miss T. C. Morgan and Miss
Genevleve Carolan. Miss Sarah Drum
having gone East and Mlsa Maud MulUnt
being unable to play owing to an attack
of la grippe. Miss M. B. Houghton and
Miss Rowe will have places In the San
Francisco team that plays at Oakland to
morrow. Their precise standing In tha
team has not yet been settled. John Law.
son was out on the Presidio links on Fri
day afternoon practicing for to-day's
championship contest.
John Duncan Dunn and H. Gaylord Wll
shire played a fdlrsome on Thursday on
the Presidio links against Stephenson and
C. R. "Wlnslow. Stephenson was In great
form, driving very long balls and playln<
a strong game throughout. He and C U.
Wlnslow beat Dunn and Wllshlre 10 up oa
eighteen holes.
The qualifying tournament for the Coun
cil's trophy for women will be played on
Friday, March 16. The eight best scotes
will be entitled to play for the cup. All
score cards must be signed by a scorer
and handed In before sunset on Friday.
The first round of the cup contest will
take place on Monday. March 19. the semi
final round will be played on Wednesday,
March 21. and the final round on Friday,
March 23. '
93 °^ tlie sa '~ of *h? se blue serges 9
El «Bm for Sio.oo, and we find a Ion; list of satisfied ¦
fa WBA customers as a result ¦
i£ VA. The y are sati * fied with the z° oclne « ° f m
H the sults anJ ths ViTy low p:icc th:y pasd H
H The suits corns in single and doubls breasted B
H styles, and every one is guaranteed to please you— ycur mon;y M
H returned if. it doesn't. • ¦
H Out-of-town orders filled— write for illustrated cata/ogue No. 2. ¦
¦ 718 Market -Street. H
3
REV. CHARLES M. SHELDON.
Rev. Mr. Sheldon is a divine of Topeka, Kans., who has rained much
publicity of late, owing to the fact that for one ,week he will be in charge of
the Toncka Capital, and, according to his words, conduct it "as Christ would."DRAMATIC NOTES
AND MUSIC NEWS
THE Columbia Theater presents an
Important attraction to-night. "Ue
cauae She Loved Him So." by "WU
11am Gillette, the author of "Secret
Service," has been one of the big
successes of the year In New York.
It will be given here with the original
cast, including J. E. Dodson, who is
among the greatest in character ports
Annie Irish, Francis Carlisle and Kate
Meek are also with the company - •
¦Next Thursday afternoon "The Browniea
in 1-airyland* will be given at the Califor
nia Theater and continue for the" rest of
the week. The next attraction is to b.»
"Puddin'-Head Wilson " In which Burr
Mackintosh will make his first local ao
pearance In the title role.
'IKever Again." the rattling French
farce, will be continued at the Alczar
for another week. "Diplomacy" 's la
preparation. . •'
t There is no change at the Tivoll. "The
Idol s Eye continuing to draw, with the
promise of an indefinite run. •
"The Girl From Paris" is the amuHm?
bIH at^the^Orand. It will be contlnSed du£
Mr. and Mrs. Sydney Drew are present
&*.? on , e .' a( £ co «»edy entitled "Love Will
Find a Way" at the Orpheum. Other nev'
comers are Flato and Dunn \ and Howard
i Thur >f,£ n ' a raasie'an. The clever Smed
ly and^ the .sensational Moorish
acrobats are held over. -\
The Alhambra has reopened with a farce
comedy. "Have You Seen Smith?"
TH« t^ e ? 1^ n \§l? >O^ a , ma; B 'anche Sloan.
T l£J eda .T a s d . Mlle - Thelma are on the bill
. Tne Morris & Rowe's trained anlmai
show at the Pavilion has proved a popular
entertainment. -It .-will be contlnuedaft«r
noon and evening for. one. week.
Fischer s new concert house, on O'Fer- ,
Personally Conducted Excursions
In lmprored wlde-ve*tlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Cl tea co and Kansas City . every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St.- Louis
every Sunday. -To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office, C 3 Market street.
Politics is a queer thing in even so well-regulated a
land as Germany, for we arc now told the passage of
the Kaiser's naval bill is dependent upon the passing
of the Agrarian meat bill; and so the expansion of
an imperial policy is inseparably linked with sausage.
At a public banquet Roosevelt has declared he will
not be a candidate for the Presidency this year nor
any other year. Now look out for a boom for him
with a bureau attachment.
AMUSEMENTS.
On>beum-Yauc«rvme.
Grand Opera-nous* — "The Girl Prom Parts."
Gracd Opera-house— Concert Thursday afternoon. March 15.
Columbia— "Because She Loved Him So."
California— -Operatlo concert to-night.
California— "The Brownies In ralryland." Thursday after-
noon.
TlToll— "The Idol's Eye."
j Alcazar— "JCerer Acain."
I Alhambra— "Hare Tou Seen Smith "
Chutes. Zjo and Theater — Vaudeville *rery afternoon and
evening.
Olympla. corner of Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Fischer's New Concert House— Grand opening March 19.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Trained Animal Show.
Fherman-Clay Hall— Piano recital tnls afternoon.
Western Turf Association— Races to-day.
resentatives of the Ottawa Government were, at Daw
son they defended the regulations; by the argument
that the" mines arc worked chiefly by aliens, who
carry United States goods into the 'country, instead of
buying Canadian goods; and who' take the gold away
to' the United States to spend. Commenting upon
such arguments,: one speaker said: "This country
has to be opened up, and # it has to be opened up
by people "who are willing to come and do the work.
That's all there is to that. Canada has no welcome
for the Chinaman. For every white man it has. If
anybody says otherwise or talks of legislation based
on hostility to aliens it is the voice of ignorance and
nothing more." Another added: "I venture to say
that" England will ultimately get her share of the
earth's new gold, wherever it may be dug. Just, as
soon as the authorities see that this country has be
come non-producing they will change their method.
So long as it was rich and juicy they would squeeze it
for all they knew how."
From all this it appears that Dawson is rapidly ap
proaching bedrock and will soon find out whether
upon that rock it be possible to build a permanent
prosperity. There is no longer any desire to shut out
aliens or even to put any restrictions upon their work.
Dawson, in fact, has ceased to be proud, and the Ot
tawa Government will have to repeal its stringent
regulations, or else it will kill the golden goose.
According to some reports Queen Victoria will not
go to Italy th:s spring because she is afraid of anar
chists; according to others she is to stay at home as a
r.icttcr of policy. But the chances are that she will act
much cs any other old lady of her age would under
the circumstances and do what she feels like doing
just because she feels like it
If the British, decide to banish any of the Boer
leaders to a life exile in a remote island they should
in justice send Cecil Rhodes to stay with them and
keep the situation from becoming monotonous.
The country, would like to hear* from somebody in
Kentucky, in explanation' of what there is in;- the gu
bernatorial office of the State that makes it worth
while for anybody to fight about it.
The .discovery of a number of feminine garments
hidden in a cave in the park is not a revelation -of a
mystery,- but only another illustration of the fact that
the ways of women are peculiar.
{Governor Roosevelt of New York does all the tahc
ing about the virtue of the "strenuous life," but -Tay
lor :of "Kentucky is the man who acts it out without
blowing about i*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
has taught us how to make the
best Emulsion in the world;
Experience has proved that
this Emulsion is worthy, of
entire confidence. There
are many imitations of
and all kinds of substitutes for it;
but none equal it. If your doctor
recommends you to take Cod-Liver
Oil, or you know yourself that you
need it, get SCOTT'S EMULSION ;
it is the best Cod-Liver Oil in the
best form.
If we had jroar address we would send
joua sample and a pamphlet telling
more about it.
„, 50c- »«J $1.00, all druggists,
SCOTT & £OVV.NE, 4 isPevi^St, New *»*• _
"I ?aw you out with a lady last even-
ing, chappie."
"Didn't see you, boy. Yes. I was with
my— wife. Who were you with?"
"Your wife, chappie."— Pick-Me-Up.
P.ED CLOTH COSTUME.
This original costume is in red cloth,
with the ground of the corsage and yoke
in black velvet. The tabs on the corsage
button down the side, and over the hips
are similar tabs, which form basques be
hind. The skirt is set in with very nne
pleats. •-
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Synip"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
moth'.rs for their children while- Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic regu-
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothinz Syrup. 23c a bottle.
If you have not decided how to go East, so
to see the handsome moving picture", now on
exhibition, free at Union Pacific Ticket Of3ce,
No. 1 Montgomery street.
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
ONE of the series of our Home Circle Studies
for the spring season, most generally interest
ing to all classes of readers, is that dealing
with the history of American political parties. The
course, which has been arranged under the direction
of Jesse Macy, LL. D., professor of political science
of lowa College, is designed primarily for young vot
ers and for the Presidential year, with a view of di
recting intelligent political study and discussion, it
is therefore one which appeals to all who take an in
terest in public questions and the history of the
republic.
The full course is to contain sixteen papers, cover
ing the principal topics of American party history
from the days of the Federalists down to the cam
paign of iB6O. Among other interesting articles will
be accounts of 'the rise and decline of the Whig
party, the origin of the Republican party, the organ
ization of parties on sectional lines, and of the various
minor parties that existed before the war. Not the
least interesting and instructive will be those giving
account of the origin and development of national
nominating machinery, the national convention and
the fully organized party machine.
For the general reader tliere can be no better intro
duction to the campaign of this year than these stud
ies, which embrace an outline of the whole party his
tory of the republic. While prepared mainly .'for the
instruction of young voters, they merit the attention
of all, for they will throw much light upon interesting
periods and events of our national development.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The masts on the 1 new yacht Victoria
and Albert are to be shortened 40 feet.
The . French cruiser Tage, built In ISS6,
is being transformed into a modern ves
sel-of-war and will receive new boilers
and new engines. All the woodwork that
can be supplanted by steel is to be re
moved. ¦
The Charlemagne, battleship, and
Gulchen, cruiser, recently steamed five
days at the uniform rate of 15 knots an
hour. At the end of this trial the coal
supply remaining showed only enough for
about 2000 miles, or one-half the estimated
radius. .
One of the earliest quick-firing guns on
record is that of a 12-pounder brass gun
Invented and tried in 1770 by Colonel De
sagulier. The gun was tried at Woolwich
in the presence' of royalty,;. and the . In
ventor loaded and discharged the gun at
the rate of twenty-three rounds per min
ute, including sponging.
The Framee, a torpedo-boat destroyer
of 300 tons, built at Loire, has been deliv
ered at L'Orient for completion. She is of
the Durandah type, but of greater horse
power, and is expected to steam 28 knots.
A sister boat named Yatagaw is nearly
ready for. delivery. It took the builders
twenty-seven months to construct these
craft. . .
The British battleship Glory of 12,950
tons, just completed, returned February 8
to Portsmouth after a thlrty-hcur trial at
sea under natural draught. The ship was
on an even keel, drawing 26 feet, and the
steam in the boilers was 240 pounds, de
veloping 30.557 horsepower and giving- a
speed of 16.7$ knots as indicated by four
runs over the mile course.
The increase In ships In the German
navy, will necessitate , a corresponding
growth of the personnel. It Is planned to
increase the number of naval officers from
867 to 1212. engineers 'from 12S to 283, sur
geons from 142 to ISS, paymasters from
104 to 122 and enlisted men and boys from
18,597 to 33.74 G. The growth will cover the
period between 1001 and 1920.
The keel of a third class cruiser was laid
last" month at Devonport: ; The ivessel is
320 feet in length, 36 feet 6 Inches breadth
and, is to draw only 13 feet 6 Inches, dis
placing 3 2200 lons. ; The '.¦ engines •of 7000
horsepower are expected to give a speed
of 20 knots. ( The : armament consists of
eight 4-inch, eight 3-pounders, four Max
ims , and '•: two S Whitehead '. torpedo tubes,
and the cost exclusive of armament is es
timated at 1725,000. . . .
." ; The excess of cost of ¦ French war 'ves
sels over those of Great Britain Is conclu
sively proved by a comparison' of two bat
tleships of practically the same tonnage
built in the dockyards of the respective
The oldest tree in the world, it is said.
Is a cypress tree in Mexico, which meas-
ures 120 feet about the base, and which \n
believed to be CUOO years old and more an-
cient than the baobab tree of Africa,
which is said to have lived 5700 years.
Trunks and valises. Immense assort-
ment of best grades at Sanborn & Vails.
741 Market street. \*
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. March 11.— Fred A. Whit
more, of San Jose is at the Netherlands;
Ed Keane of San Francisco is at the
Savoy.
The American— You have no idea of th*
Immense wealth of this country until
you've traveled over it.
The Foreigner— Oh. yes. I have. I've
lived In Europe.
SOME CONDITIONS AT DAWSON.
1 ; ROM the Dawson Weekly News of Febru-
I ary 16 it is learned that the people of that sec
..*: r : ¦•¦'-•' tion of the Klondike country have obtained at
last something like a fairly good winter mail service;
but, on the other hand, the gold diggings on the
near creeks have been about exhausted, and the
"prominent citizens" of Dawson are trying to in
duce the Canadian Government to make more
liberal terms, not only for Canadians but for out
side miners, so that the region may not be aban
doned and Dawson itself become hardly more than a
way station on the river.
Concerning the mail service, the News announces
that the mail just before the date of publication had
brought to the city a considerable amount of second
class mail, on which there hadbeen paid only second
class postage. As in the past the mails have not de
livered papers or magazines, even though first-class
postage was paid on them, the new order of things is
highly gratifying to the community, and the News
says: "People of the Yukon have been so hungry for
their 'home paper' and the current magazines that the
matter of postage did not figure, they having grown
accustomed to paying extra prices for everything.
But they did chafe upon not receiving the goods, the
price being paid. Now it looks as though the em
bargo had been lifted. The second-class mail is not
only coming, but at second-class rates; so that the
friend on the outside who may do the mailing of these
things may be encouraged to do more."
The information concerning the conditions of the
mines occurs in a report of the proceedings at a meet
ing of the Board of Trade which, we are told, was
well attended by representative miners, "large holders
and operators who follow no other vocation." The
object of the meeting was to provide some means of
adapting the mining industry to the changed condi
tions of th,e, district and to induce the Government to
relax some of its restrictions. _
One of the .speakers at the meeting is quoted as say
ing: "El" Dorado has been practically worked out,
and large parts of Bonanza. We must secure an ad
justment of these regulations to the new conditions.
For the future the camp must lay its chief dependence
on creeks farther away, and therefore still more ex
pensive to. work, while they are not so rich. We
must : make recommendations now looking to the
very " existence of the camp. ' With regulations in
keeping with the conditions — I mean such as shall
encourage the prospecting of ground and the develop
ment of mines — I am* assured that large owners here
would put not hundreds but thousands of men to
work, and the' dying camp would be revived." His
motion was that* a recommendation be made that the
royalty be wholly abolished, but that if a royalty was
still insisted upon it would be placed on the net prod
uct and not on the gross. '
Other speakers referred to the restrictions put upon
slicn miners, and one of them reported that when rep-
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> atTownsend's.*
Special Information supplied dally \n
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
THE COUNTRY'S MARKETS.
REPORTS from trade centers last week were
rather conflicting. One commercial author
ity reported some increase in business, due
to clearer weather in the Eastern and Western
States, with a firm tendency in prices for most
lines of goods, while another authorit}-, equally
reliable, reported a general slackening, with weak
ness apparent all along the line, though the great
corporations were stubbornly holding up quota
tions. The statistics rather supported the latter view
of the situation, as the bank clearings showed a fall
irg off of 1 1.5 per cent from last year, and the failures
were 205, against 182.
As a matter of fact, spring trade is not up to expec
tations. There is a halt all along the Hue. It is not
en account of tight money, for money is reported easy
everywhere except in Wall street, where the new
financial bill has naturally created a little hardness in
funds, though it is so slight as hardly to merit remark.
The reason for the halt has been given several times.
It is that the enormous demand for goods of all sorts
•which characterized business last year has been satis
fied, and consumption has finally caught up with pro
duction. This is the situation in a nutshell.
If the natural law *5f trade be allowed to take its
course there will be no trouble and the halt will be
comparativey temporary. If manufacturers and pro
ducers will adapt their output to the legitimate de
mands of the public the present healthy condition of
trade will continue indefinitely; but if goods are
t::rr.ed out on speculation, without regard to the cur
rent needs of the country, overstocked markets and
d:il! times will surely result. The former course will
probably be pursued, for the financial storm that bc
pan in 1893 and lasted five years was followed by pros
perity too brief to turn the mercantile head. The les
sons of that famous panic are still fresh in the com
iriercial memory, and no sane man wishes them re
peated. Nor, judging from present indications, will
they be. Speculation is at a low ebb all over the
country, and business men are confining their opera
tions to the legitimate wants of the markets. As long
as this lire of conduct is followed times cannot be
very hard, though they may be dull.
-As for the staples, leather is firm, but hides areftull
and still weaker in most markets. Orders for boots
and shoes are remarkably small. Wool is weaker,
owing to a severe decline at the opening sales in
London. • Wheat has sagged again, and seems to have
r,o friends. Corn, on the contrary, has been enor
mously active. Cotton has touched the highest point
for years, but there are signs of a reaction. Stocks of
iion are reported somewhat larger, though the pro
duction fell off in February. A redeeming feature in
this trade is the advancing tendency in wages. Lum
ber is quoted firm, except in those cities where strikes
2rc under way or threatened. . :
Locally the situation stands about the same. A
week's rain all over the central and northern parts of
the State has further gilded the crop prospect, though
the south is still crying for more. The season prom
ises to be carl}', and, strange to say. there has been no
fiost of any consequence thus far. We occasionally
pet a frostiess spring, and this may be one of those
seasons. If «o there will be an immense crop of fruit
this srear.5 r ear.
The local and export trade of this port continues
£pod. and nobody is complaining. There is some halt
ir. the provision trade, and some lines of produce are
also dull: but. taking the list of commodities all
through, business is as good as could be expected at
this jime of the year.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
-Dr. J. Loeb of Chicago Is at the Occi
dental.
State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. is at the
Palace.
H. F. Jones and wife of Oroville are at
the Palace.
S. R. Porter of the Balial mine is at the
Occidental.
Dr. E. Wlslock and wife of San Jose
are at the Palace.
J. R. Foster, a hotel man of Marysvllle,
Is a guest at the Lick. . -V
Dr. J. Tully, a prominent physician of
Stockton, is at the. Grand. -•'• ; .']¦¦..
¦ C. A. Stork, an attorney of Santa Bar
bara, is a guest at the Grand. . '
J. C. Murry, a speculator in Hanford oil
lands, is registered at the Lick.
Superintendent of Public Instruction
Thomas J. Kirk Is registered at the Lick.
A. W. Simpson, a millionaire lumber
man of Stockton, is a guest at the Occi
dental. • ¦ • • • - •
F. P. Maher, an official of the United
States Postal Department, is at the Oc
cidental.
Joseph W. Hirshutz, architect of the
Philadelphia Board of Education, Is reg
istered at the Occidental.
Rev. T. R. Price of England and R. A.
G. Annesley of Ireland, who have been
sightseeing In Southern California, are at
the. Occidental.
O'Brien Moore, who is well known In
newspaper circles throughout the West,
has been placed in charge of the editorial
department of the Daily News of El Pa3o,
Tex. ". - - ?
rell street, will open March 19. A larjc*
orchestra and the Italian artists. Senoras
Barducci and Pollettlnl and Sl*nors Bada
raeco and Vargas, will constitute the pro
gramme.
On Thursday afternoon at 3:15 the la»t
of the symphony concerts of the Holmes
orchestra will take place at the Grand
Opera-house. The programme will oe:
The Manfred overture: Mendelssohn a
"Scotch" symphony: the scherzo from
Tschalkowskl's "Pathetique" symphony
and the overture to "William Tell.
To-night Madame Gadskl. Mr. Blsphatn
and Mr. Damrosch will be heard at the
California Theater In expositions of "Das
Rheinsold" and "Die Walkure." To-mor
row nlKht "Siesfrled" and "Gotterdam
merunp" will be rendered, and on Wednes
day night a miscellaneous programme wl.l
be offered. . , .
Mr. Damrosch's explanatory recital*
will take place at Sherman. Clay & Ce. *
Hall this afternoon and on, Friday, anrt
Saturday afternoons. The ~ programmes
are to be. respectively. "Gotterdamrae
rung." ¦: "Parsifal" and "Tristan and
S On Friday evening the Mlnetti quartet
will give Us last concert at Sherman. Clay
Co.'s Hall. The progrramme will Include
Smetana'a "Aus Meinen Leben."
Three members of the Lambardl opera
company, assisted by Signor Wanrell. will
«?Ive a concert at Sherman. Clay & Co. a
Hall on Thursday eveninsr. The artists are
Senoraa Barducci and Pollettlni and Slpnor
Badaracco. The memory of the latter s
fine tenor voice should attract a good
audience. > '¦¦¦¦"¦
France — If I had this thing finished I'd come down and whip you.
John Bull — If I had this thing finished I'd come up and whip you.
—Denver Time*.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE MEETINGS.
MP. WOOD, secretary of the San Diego Cham
ber of Commerce, has issued a circular letter
• suggesting an annual meeting of the secre
taries of the various commercial bodies on the Pacific
Coast for the purpose of conferring on issues with
which such organizations are concerned. It is hardly
necessary to give indorsement to a proposition of
this kind, for its merit is self-evident and will win
favor wherever it is given due consideration.
In his letter to his fellow secretaries Mr. Wood
says: "We arc of course thoroughly familiar with
our immediate surroundings, and some of us are
more or less acquainted with the products and com
merce of the entire Pacific Coast, but undoubtedly we
can all learn of one another, and the results of such
a conference could not but make us more useful of
ficers of the organizations we represent. * * *
My suggestion is that we organize an association for
the purpose above indicated, holding our first meet
ing at San Francisco some time within the next two
or three months."
This proposition comes timely and pertinent to the
movement now under way to provide for the estab
lishment of a Pacific Commercial Museum, on the
lines of the great institution at Philadelphia. It will
be a step in the direction of co-operation among the
commercial bodies of the coast, and will therefore
have an influence tending to advance the projected
museum.
While, however, the proposed organization will
serve to promote the enterprise undertaken here for
the establishment of the museum, its merit is by no
means confined to the service it will render in that
respect. Even were there no such thing as a commer
cial museum under consideration, it would still be of
advantage to have the commercial bodies of the coast
drawn into closer relations and affiliation with one
another, and an annual meeting of the secretaries
of such associations would materially aid in the ac
complishment of that end.
The Pacific Coast, while a part of the Union, has
many interests peculiar to itself, and to some of these
the East is indifferent, if not antagonistic. To pro
cure the legislation needed from the National Gov
ernment to promote the welfare of the Pacific States,
and to promote other coast interests not dependent
upon legislation, there is needed a strong system of
co-operative effort among progressive men. We
cannot have too many Pacific Coast organizations.
The more we have of those associations which incline
men to consider the welfare of the whole coast instead
of separate States the better off we will be, and the
more success we will have in developing the varied
resources of this rich section of the Union. Mr.
Wood's suggestion is therefore well deserving of a
cordial response from secretaries of kindred bodies,
and it is to be hoped the proposed meeting will be
airanged for an early date.
The Senate committee which has just made a report
upon the "extent to which adulterations or substitu
tions are used in food articles in this country has
suggested two methods of checking the evil, but we
notice with regret that neither remedy provides a
short and ready way of sending to prison the rascals
who manufacture the stuff.
NEIGHBORLY CONFIDENCES.
THE -: SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1900.
ONCE MORE TO THE FRONT.
SUPERVISOR TOBIN, if he keep his word;
1 will submit to the board at its -meeting to-day
the resolutions of the Police Committee con
cerning the reopening of Ingleside'" racetrack with
gambling privileges. It is therefore incumbent upon
the representatives of the people to appear once more
before the board to protest against the gamblers'
schemes and to demand the maintenance of laws in
the interest of private morality and public welfare.
At the meeting of the board last Monday Tobin, as
chairman of the Police Committee, *asked for further
time, as his committee was not ready to make a re
port. That hesitation was undoubtedly a concession
to popular sentiment. The Call had exposed the trick
contained in the resolution submitted by Tobin to the
committee, and the public had become aroused. Many
of the most influential pastors of the city had de :
nounced the scheme from their pulpits, and some
went before the' Supervisors to renew their protests.
In the face of that opposition Tobin did not venture
to make a report. Now we are to see what he will
do to-day.
Let it be borne in mind that the resolutions sub
mitted to the Police Committee, while nominally lim
iting racing and track gambling at Ingleside to a
period not exceeding forty days in any one year,
really authorize racing and gambling every day. The
resolutions, after setting forth the terms under which
authority shall be given for racing and gambling at
the track, say: "No such authority shall be granted
to any one person, copartnership, association or cor
poration for a period exceeding forty days in any one
year." It will be perceived that the track gamblers
have only to transfer the lease of the track from one
to another in order to get new permits for racing and
gambling every forty days as long as the year lasts.
TTie profits of track gambling are large under any
circumstances, but the Tobin scheme would make
them larger than ever, for it proposes to close up
poolrooms down town and give to the Eastern track
gamblers at Ingleside a monopoly. With such vast
profits. at stake the gamblers can afford to be patient
and persistent as well as cunning and unscrupulous in
their efforts to obtain the desired privilege. They
have waited a week for public indignation aroused by
the exposure of their scheme to die down. If before
the board to-day there appears again a strong body of
zealous defenders of morality and public interests to
protest against gambling schemes it is likely the To
bin committee will once more ask for further time.
It looks, therefore, as if this is to be a waiting fight
on the part of the Eastern track gamblers and their
allies. So long as it lasts, however, the representa
tives of the people must keep on guard, ready at all'
times for the fight when it comes. .
Once more, therefore, we urge the business men.
the taxpayers, thc'ivorkingmen, the pastors and rep
resentatives of all the better and stronger elements of
society to have an earnest delegation at the meeting
of the Supervisors to-day, in order that the popular
sentiment against track gambling shall be repeated
and re-emphasized.
The Call has every assurance that the fight against
the gamblers has been virtually won. The experience
of the city with the results of track gambling at Ingle
side under this same Eastern gang is still fresh in the
minds of the Supervisors, j They know the fearful list
of crimes and suicides shown in the records of the
police courts, the criminal courts and the Morgue,
and it is not likely a majority of them will be willing
to renew that blight upon the community. Never
theless it will be well to have them backed up in their
stand for law and morality, and therefore the friends
of good government should to-day show themselves
once more to the front when the issue comes up.
MONDAY..'. ....MARCH 12, 1900
JOHN D. ¥ SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ; •
Address Ali Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
ri'BLICATIOX OFFICK..MarUet and Third. S. F.
Telephone Main I.MJS.
EDITORIAL. R00M5.'... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Slain 1574.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Centu Per Weclc.
Mtißle Copied, 5 Cent*.
Term* •>» >lnll. Including: Poatasret
DAILY CALX {including Snndar). one year..*B.OO
DAILY CALL (Including; Sonday). 6 months.. 3.Ott
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 month*. . 1.r.0
DAILY CALL— Or Single Month «««•
¦VSTOA.V CAM. One Year !•»«>
nBEnXf CALL One Venr l-OO
AH poHtmaatero «re> nnthorized to receive
*nbncri|ttlona.
sample copiea will he forwarded when requested
OAKXAXD OFFICK HIS Broadway
C. GEORCG KROGXESS.
MftMter Foreign Advertising. Marqoette Daild
luCi Chicago. ' ¦
SEW TORIC CORRESPOSDEXT:
C C CJLULTO.V Herald Sanare
XTSW YORK REPHKSBXTATIVBi
PERRY LI'KEXS JR 20 Tribune llnlldlnsr
CHICAGO SEWS STAJVDSI
Sherman Houses P. O. s«w« Co.; Great North
ern Botell Fremont Houses Auditorium Hotel.
SiEW YORK JTEW3 STANDS 1
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel 1 A. Brentano, 31 Union
fqnaret Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHIXGTOX r-l. C.) OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel
J. F. ! WI.ISH, Correspondent.
BRAJfCH OFFICES 52T Montgomery, corner of
Clay, open until Ot3O o'clock. 300 Hayes,
open until O:.*U) o'clock. O3» McAllister, open
nnri! !•:»"» o'clock. CIS I.arkin. open until
S»:3O o'clock. 1041 Mission, open until 1O
o'clock. 22411 Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until O o'clock. IOJ>6 Valencia, open until t»
oVlooli. 100 Eleventh, open until !• o'clock.
\\\". corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until © o'clock.
AUCTION SALES.
By Enill Cohn— This day. at 11 o'clock, at SS3A Pine street.
Furniture and Carpets.
By Sullivan & Doyle — Tuesday. March 13, at 11 o'clock,
Hnrtes. at Twelfth and Harrison streets.
4
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
countries. The Canopus of 12,950 tons was
launched last year at the Portsmouth
dockyard. The material In her construc
tion cost J1.520.000 and the cost of labor
amounted to $72.2 per ton displacement.
Simultaneously -with this ship the Jena,
battleship of about 12.000 tons, was built
at Brest at a cost for material of $2,689,
400 and labor at $87.2 per ton displacement.
The material in the French ship exceeded
the cost of that in the British ship by 47.7
per cent, and the French labor was 10.1
per cent more expensive than the British.
The cost of material and labor footed up
31.28 per cent for the Jena over that of the
Canopus. The fact that the French me
chanics and laborers receive, about 70 per
cent that of British workmen indicates
that the French dockyard system is very
defective and that low-paid mechanics are
after all the. most expensive and unsatis
factory in results. ; ... ¦;MECHANICS' PAVILION.
LAST WEEHt LAST WEEKI
LAST WEEK! LAST WEEKI
NOERIS & EOWE'S BIG TRAINED
ANIMAL SBOWS.
TODAY AT 2:30 AND 8:15.
3QO-PERFQRMING ANIMALS-300
BRIXCt THE CHILDREN.
pniCES— ADULTS, 2Sc.
PRICES-CHILDREN. 10c
¦THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAYHOUSE.
rnonc south 770.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
• ' MATINEE SATURDAY.
' Our R»rulPtion Packed Houre. Overjoyed
¦SV'-h DeMcht. They came with banners wav-
lnr over 2001 in attendance, to witness
¦' The Laughing Farce Comedy.
HAVE YOU SEEN SMITH
Irtrcducin* Comedians Who Are Funny.
SEATS NOW READY.
PRICES— Evening, lie. 25c. 35c. 60c and 7Sc.
Matinee. I>. Sic. 23c and 50c.
Vext Sunday Afternoon— Mß. HARRY GLA-
ZIER in a lJvl>h Production. "THREE MUS-
: KETEERS." Direct From New York.
CALIFORNIA THEATER, n> ir"
They Ar« Cominr Again! Nert Thursday.
Friday and Saturday, both Afternoons and
KUctata Everybody's Favorites! Living
Brownies and Real Fairies! Magnificent Scenic
and Spectacular Production of Palmer Cox c
Imrr»>~«« > !y Fucmtstul Operetta.
•¦THE BROWNIES tX FAIRYLAND."
200 Children on the Stage!
V- E W Mu»lc. Sonr^. *"TCi^
I>ance->. Specialties SEE
the Fairy Ballet! The *^ : *>£!ii^_~
Living Ro*ee! The Fun- fU^g^/^^S^
ny Chinamen! The « ake- j iv»i*--,/^zA
•»a:k Ballet! The Won- 4 i v *<iiig2
dwful Barge! And the
•Magnificent Trannforma- yrj
tton Scene! Souvenir l^
T*rw->V» Thursday Matinee.
•Rrterc4 SeVts-Nlrht. 25c X*. 73c; Matinee.
Sf?gj- Sunday Afternoon. March I*. Mark
Twain's Wonderful Play. "Pudd'nhoad Wil-
iJn" The Excellent Actor. Mr. Burr Mcln-
toeh .epeclally engaged for this production.
Seals en Sale Thursday Next.
Progression
Is the watchward of men and women who
arc alive and up'to-date. Old'fogyism and
stagnation arc mental death. Nations, cities
and individuals that progress arc not afraid to
get cut of the beaten path- The aggressive,
earnest, intelligent man or woman ,is not
bound by codes or dogmas. They think for
themselves, and humanity benefits thereby.
As a class, the medical profession is clannish.
The eld school smacks of decay. Bleeding
and blistering died hard, but died nevertheless,
while homeopathy continues to progress. The
great Pasteur was not a physician, yet he
blezcd a pathway which thousands now gladly
fol!ow. A few bright, active, progressive phy"
1 itians, who will not be bound by precedent,
and who have the courage of their convictions,
•re doing a great work for the profession as a
whole. They believe that no man or school
has absorbed all the medical knowledge cb>
tainablt. and when a scientific discovery is
made that revolutionizes a pet theory for the
treatment of disease, are willing to give it a
fair trial and abide by the results if favorable.
Such a physician is Dr. L. M. Lander, of Chi'
cago. Head and weigh the honest words of
this noted specialists
"Several times during the past few year* I have observed the
effects of Earner's Safe Cure in cases of Kidney Trouble. I found
that the action cf the medicine was highly curative in effect, and
that most desirable results followed its faithful use.
I believe it to b: a very fine remedy for Kidney disorders."
C«x 20. 1900.) DR. L. M. LANDER.
Dr. L. M. Lar.der 1«> « (craiuate of th« Imperial
Central Institute, Stockholm, Sweden.
ST. PATRICK'S
CELEBRATION
PROGRAMME
List of Participants for Aft
ernoon and Evening
Entertainments.
Closing Meeting of the General Con
• vention of Irish Americans.
Sub - Committees Ap
pointed.
The last work of the convention of the
Irish-American societies for the St. Pat
rick's day celebration is over and all Is
In readiness for the afternoon and evening
entertainments. At a meeting of the gen
eral convention and the executive com
mittee yesterday afternoon the follow
ing committees were appointed:
Press committee— Rev. D. O. Crowley,
Jeremiah Deasy, C. U. Flanagan. Recep
tion committee — Judse Robert Ferral, J. J.
Donovan, J. C. Canty. J. D. Condon. Wil
liam Broderick. John McGillicuddy. William
Murphy, John Ganey, Rodger McCarthy, M.
J. Warren.
The afternoon programme will be:
Overture, "Salute to Erin" <La Motte),
band: address, president of the day. Colo
nel Thomas F. Barry; soprano solo. Miss
Tillle Roeder; recitation. Hon. T. C. Maher:
collection, of patriotic airs (Beyer), band;
Irish jig and reel, O'Connor and Kelleher,
Professor T. McCarthy. Irish piper, accom
paniEt; "Star SpanKled Banner," national
anthem and chorus, Madame Roeckel and
Alamo Quartet, with pupils of Convents of
Notre Dame, Presentation. Holy Name and
Pt. Vincent and orchestral accompaniment;
solo for cornet, "Klllarney," William Ma
hood; tenor solo. Hush N. Callender; fancy
dance, .Miss Pearl - Hickman, Professor Mc-
Carthy, accompanist: songs of Ireland
(Godfrey), band; fancy dance. Miss Murie
lita: specialties, black clfg artists, the Col
burns; grand march. "The Oregon" (Mat
tlngly). band; closing anthem nnd chorus,
"God Save Ireland." Madame Roeckel and
Alamo Quartet and pupils of Convents of
Nctre Dame, Presentation, Holy Name and
St. Vincent and orchestral accompaniment.
Evening: proeramme. commencing at 8
o'clock— Overture, patriotic airs, orchestra;
Introductory address, president of the day.
Colonel Thomas F. Harry: vocal quartet.
Ideal Quartet — John Bralton, first tenor;
Frank W. Healey. second tenor: Frank G.
Germain, first basso; John Hanson, second
basso: orislnal poem. Charles I). South; se
lection from "Bohemian Girl" (Balfe), or
chestra; vocal solo. Miss Daisy Keane; ora
tion. Thomas W. Hlckey; Boer national an
them, orchestra: vocal solo. Miss Pannle
Krujrer; vocal folo, "The Holy City."
Thomas J. Walsh; selection of Irish airs,
orchestra; fancy fan dance, Mrs. Orr's pu
pil. Miss Alice Flanacan; vocal solo,
"Three- Lea fed Shamrock," Mrs. J. S.
Tully: fancy dance. Miss Pearl Hickman;
"God Save Ireland." Miss Daisy Keane.
The audience is requested to Join in the
chorus.
The Call's
Home Study Circle
NATIONAL NOMINATING MACHINERY
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
W. 6t P. BUILDINO PAPER.
Wind, : water ' and * vermin ¦ proof. Prepared
raoflnc 111 Kaw Xtontrctncry il. '
MARSH STEAM PUMPS.
Fupply " fresh or salt water for sluice boxes;
high or low lifts. Slmonds, 33 Market st .
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FIFTH MEETING. Men. 12. to 24. Inclusive.
Six hlgrh-cUi*" running races every week day,
rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons su*p directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb grand stand, glass-inclosed, where,
comfortably housed in bad weather, they, can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
t-00, 10:40 and 11:30 a. in. and 12:15, 12:25. 12:50
and 1:25 p. m., returning immediately, after
last race at 4:45 p. m. Scats In rear cars re-
served for women and their escorts. No smok-
ing. Valencia street.' 10 minutes later.
Ban Jose and' Way Stations— Arrive- at San
Bruno at 12:43 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:4S p. "m.
RATES — San Franeleco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission "to track. $1.25.
,W. J. MARTIN, President.
j", H." GREEN, Secretary and Manager.
D-EDGPG PIMPS.
Oil, Gasoline, Steam Hoifts. Centrifugal Pumps,
Engines&Bcilers. HendyMach.Wks.,4o Fremont.
LENTEN SERVICE OF
CALVARIAN SOCIETY
The second of a series of , devotions In
tended to Increase -the ; Interest . of Cath
olics in " their Lenten , devotions was held
yesterday af ternon at i St. : , Mary's • Cathe
dral under the auspices of the ; Cal varlan
Society.' .The devotions began * with the
recitalof the "Way of the Cross" by
Father Dcmpsej; followed by the 6tnging
of "Veni Creator," in" which the large
congregation' joined. ' A': sermon-- was
preached ; by Rev. "Father Charles A.
Ramm; on the subject. "Magdalene, the
Penitent.", in which he drew a moral from
the scriptural story which '¦, concerns < the
Infinite mercy 'and forgiveness of ; the Sa
vior toward the repentant -sinner. • ..¦<•;.
-In his Introductory remarks - Father
Ramm paid a high compliment- to the
large attendance ' of • the members of the
society I and exhorted I them <to be faithful
to ¦ the tenets ot i their faith , and ' to I ever
remember in their prayers those who have
Kone before to meet ( their Creator.
AUTOMOBILES WERE
IN THEIR STABLES
; San Francisco , poured ; the majority of
its ¦ population' through the gates of the
niany pleasure places yesterday and out un
der the trees and by the ocean they passed
the' Sabbath. 'Although the people gath
ered in crowds numbering tens of thou
sands, not an "accident or specltl inci
dent '- occurred \ to :. mar * the -. enjoyment of
the - day. The ; programme at , the Park
was augmented, by .several encores, the
conservatory, dter park arid the home; of
the birds were patronized from noon until
late in the evening; while the drive was
the largest of the season. Many people
lined the south drive to witness the com
ing and going of automobiles, but owing
to - the action of i the ; Commissioners ' pro
hibiting s the operation of anyrof these
machines In the park except those operat
ed by electrlcty and compressed ; air. ; the
drive was "deserted by those- of automo
bllious • temperament. . Hence the public
was disappointed. V,,. . |/. ? . .;,^
;>.= Over, five thousand people assembled at
the Chutes and enjoyed the i various i fea
tures.'^At 5 o'clock Emll Markebere made
a successful balloon'Ascenslon,- landing
without- accident. • -• Sutro Baths .was the
mecca of -a -large and. perspiring crowd.'
Hundreds refreshed themselves In the big
tanks and were entertained by the aquatic
contests. ¦ . •¦* : "- '- ¦."- \ ' '
'. Metal Initials or name stamped In gold
freeof charpe on all leather goods pur-
chased at Sanborn & t Vail's. 741 Market. *
CHUTES AND ZOl).
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO. -
MAJOR MITE: GORDON SISTERS: BOGGS
aid HARWOOD: LULAINE and DARRELL;
BLACK BARTONS; BENNETT SISTERS;
HARRY HOWARD; AFRICAN WAR PIC-
TURES.
AMATEUR HIBHT THURSDAY.
Cakewalk Contest Saturday Night !
Seats by Phone— Park 23.
PRAISE FOR THE FRENCH COURSE
IN THE CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Editor The Call — Dear Sir! I have read
r ..,--- s ~v. with pleasure in The
"X Call's H:me Study Circle
the first lesson in
w - Wk '• French conversation of
{J—+ <m?*v fS the series of twenty les
¦ > r^ "- ' '¦'-'¦ ¦¦ ¦ "- ¦' "B&* 1 £ 's^^^ ' ¦'¦¦¦¦¦ •"¦ ¦- i * -'¦¦• '¦¦¦¦'¦¦ ¦¦''¦¦ ¦¦'¦ ¦¦*- ¦> *J ¦
:^S I^^^V science, society, court,
ym $F a " n(^ it( is > without doubt,
K^ one of- the most useful
studies; therefore I
t. b dk FiLippE. take pleasure in commend-
Teacher or Language*. ing the same., as it will
encourage the study of the very beautiful
and courteous language" of ' 'La Belle France."
Yours Very Truly,
T. B. de FILIPPB.
San Francisco, March 7 , 1900. v
REV. FHILIP COOMBE ON
CONQUEST OF OUR STATE
"The Conquest of California" Was tho
title of a sermon delivered yesterday
morning by the Rev. Philip Coombe, pas
tor of the Richmond Congregational
Church. lie said in part:
When the Stars and Stripes were raised at
Monterey July 1, I&J6, and the declaration was
made at LosAntcles August 13 of -the same
year that this country belonged to the United
States a great acquisition was made to Amer
ica, a great vldtory was gained for California:
but the true conquest of California will not be
made until all the , people of the entire State
take hold of Its sreat interests and control
them for, the King of Kings. This is the kind
of conquest which the pilgrim fathers came to
America to ; win, and which . their descendants
have nobly, helped California to gain and up
hold by sending men of. righteousness and
money without stint to these golden shores. It
is to this conquest of California I Invite your
hearty sympathy and energetic co-operation.
SAXD CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Dally, 625 Sixth Street.
BYROiN JACKSON.
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS
ON "HEAVEN AND HELL"
Addresses a Large Audience at Met
ropolitan Temple— Views Ex
pressed in the Lecture.
¦Benjamin Fay Mills delivered his lec
ture, "Heaven and Hell," at the Metro
politan Temple yesterday afternoon be
fore an audience that packed the audi
torium. He said in part:
"We have developed a conscience. As
we learned the value of men we are now
learning the infinite worth of humanity.
We no longer bow before the gods and In
carnations of the myi lologles of the past.
Important as their symbolism may have
been for our ancestors; we will know God
for -ourselves and not another. We dis
cover "tongues in trees, books In the run
ning brooks, sermons in stones and God
In everything.' We are slowly but surely
learning to love our neighbors as our
selves, in that we see that human society
Is one living organization, and that we
are indeed members one of another. We
have fairly stated at last what now seems
to us the ultimate .problem of the race
that we may learn to live each for all and
all for each, and If we have not all learned
its solution we have at least apprehended
it afar off. We have killed the devil and
are filling up hell. We regard as our
greatest glory, the . apprehension of the
glory yet to be." .._ ...»
SALE OF LIQUORS IN
PHILIPPINES DENOUNCED
In a prelude to hl3 regular sermon Rev.
E. A. Woods, D.D., pastor of the First
Baptist Church, last night spoke on "The
Saloon in Manila. In part he said:
Whatever may be said of the condltton of
the Filipinos before the islands came Into our
possesslun. they were not addicted to the use
of Intoxicating liquor*. President Schurman of
the American commission says: "I regret that
the Americans allowed the saloon to get a foot
hold on the Islands. That has hurt the Amer
icans more than anything: else. I have never
seen a Filipino drunkard." It Is paid that un
der Spanish rule there were but three saloons
In Manila and they sold only what are called
"soft drinks." Now there are 400 saloons sell
ing whisky and there are 300 dealers repre
senting American firms. The evil results among
our scldiers have been terrible. But If the na
tives are thus made a race of drunkards the
awful responsibility will rest upon our Gov
ernment. They have become our- national
wards and we have pledged ourselves to their
elevation and civilization.
ALL GRAND VAUDEVILLE MOGULS ON
THE NEW BILL.
MR. and MRS. SYDNEY DREW,
In the AmuMne One-act Comedy, "LOVE
WILL FIND A WAY."
HOWARD THURSTON; FLATOW and DUNN.
SMEDLEr SKETCH CLUB.
HAPPY FANNY FIELDS.
IMPERIAL MOORISH ACROBATS.
ANNA WHITNEY: NEWHOUSE and WARD;
THE FRANKS TRIO.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seatß. 60c-
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
MR. C. L. GRAFF Present*
GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS
OF THE
VTAGNER OPKRAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS.
THIS EVEININGatBtIS
DOUBLE BILL !
"DAS RHEINGOLD"
And "DIE WALKURE."
JJME GADSKI ac Fiegllnde and Bninnhilde.
:. MR- BISPHAM as Alberich and Wotan.
HERR ANTON PCHOTT as Slecmund.
¦WALTER DAMROSCH. Muelcal Director.
Tuesday Nisht. Double BiII— "SIEGFRIED
and "GOTTERDAMMERUNG." Wednesday
NlKht-GALA PERFORMANCE- Prosramrne
to be announced. Reserved Seats— .-c, il. *1 60,
12, $2 50. 13. General Admission— Jl. Now on
' eale at box office.
SHERMAN CLAY & CO. 'S HALL.
MR. C L GRAFF Presents
-EXPLANATORY RECITALS AT THE PIANO
BY MR. WALTER DAMROSCH on the
¦WAGNER OPERAS and MUSIC DRAMAS.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 3:30,
"DIE GOTTERDAMMERUNG."
: Friday. March 1«. "PARSIFAL": Saturday.
M»n* 17. "TRISTAN AND ISOLDE." Re-
f^rved Seats— ll DO. General Admission— sL
Now on wale at Sherman. Pay & Co. s.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEWPORT BRINGS IN
LARGE COFFEE CARGO
No Truth in the Report of Illness
and D«ath of Captain
Saunders.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship
Newport arrived from Panama and way
ports yesterday, bringing twenty-three
cabin passengers and thirteen Chinese In
transit for Hongkong. " Among her cargo
were' 12,187. sacks of coifee, which Is the
largest and most valuable consignment
that has come here for a long time.
While the Newport was In Central
American waters a story came here to the
effect that Captain Saunders had died
while on the way south. As the popular
master had just recovered from a serious
Illness before taking command of the ves
sel his many friends took the news very
much to heart and awaited with fear and
trembling the confirmation or denial of
the story. Much to the joy of all con
rerned Captain Saunders was found to be
in better health than he has been for
month's and gaining flesh every day. He
had a little relapse while the vessel was
in Acapulco, and that : was what probably
gave rise to the story.;
The hospital ship Solace went to the
navy : yard yesterday. From there th 6
sick and discharged soldiers now aboard
will be sent East. The cruiser Philadel
phia sailed for Acapulco yesterday after
noon. She will relieve the battleship
Iowa; now on her way. here. ¦
The horse transport Siam also got away
yesterday. She has a load of horses and
mules for the army in the Philippines.
Beginning TO-NIGHT,
CHARLES FROHMAN
Presents WILLIAM SItAJSTTICfI GREATEST
COMEDY TRIUMPH.
BECAUSE -the
SHE • LITTLE
LOVED mRr nR
HIM SO FARCE
With J. E. DODSON and the
SAME GREAT. CAST.
As ee»n for over 150 nights at the Madlson-
(wjuare Theater. New York.
The late Archbishop of Canterbury
thoupht Dickens "vulgar."
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
*XI VOLI*
"HOOT MOH, IT'S SIMPLY WONDERFUL!"
— THE DEMAND IS ABSOLUTELY
ENORMOUS
TO-NIGHT COMMENCES
THE NINTH WEEK
Of the Record-Breaking Comic Opera.
THE
E\esir.g-g at S. Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
TELEPHONE— Bosh 9.
ardent and most able advocates of th«
constitution, and who by the year 1732 had
drifted into sympathy with Jefferson and
his followers, and had become a deter
mined opponent, open or disguised, of
Hamilton and his policy. Madison's con
spicuous position and influence made his
attitude upon public questions an im
portant one. and his separation from old
associates and his antagonism to their
cherished views, led naturally to bitter
personal enmities: but the sentiment
which charges Madison with political
apostasy is largely read Into the litera
ture of the day by writers whose political
ideas and feelings are the outgrowth of>
more modern conditions.
The First National Party Caucus.
In the first and second national elec
tions but one candidate was before th»
people for the office of President. The
whole nation thought only of Washing
ton, and he seems to have been nomina
ted by general consent without any for
malities. The scattering votes for Vies
President in the election of 17S8 showsd
that no candidate for that office had been
agreed upon. But for that of 1732 sora*
understanding appears to have been pre
viously arrived at (though there is no
evidence of any meeting having been held
for the purpose), for all but four of th»
electors voted for either Adams or Clln-
ton for Vice President.
Again, in 1756 there is reason to belier*
that Adams and Jefferson were generally!
regarded as the heads of their respectiva"
parties and were voted for by common
consent without formal nominations. But',
by the year ISOO a simple method for th»
expression of the party will had been hit'
upon. In that year meetings were held
of the party members of the houses oC
Congress, "besides many distinguished)
citizens." as stated In Nlles' Register, for
the purpose of nominating candidates for
President and Vice President. From that
time until 192» the "Concessional party
caucus," as this assemblage is called, con
tinued to t*» used for placing Presidential
candidates betore the people. It was far
from being the nnly means adopted for
that purpose, for It never won the general
favor of the people and was never accept
ed as the party organ in any such sensa
as the convention has since been so ac
cepted.
Development of the Congressional
Caucus.
In 1804 the Federalists held no caucn*.
but In some unexplained way they did not
put forward candidates. Jefferson an<l
Clinton were nominated by the Republican
Congressional caucus". Four years later.
Jefferson having declined to accede to re
quests from party members of various
State Legislatures that he should for ri
third time become a Presidential candi
date, a Congressional party caucus wai
called by the Senator who had been chair
man of the preceding caucus. "In pursu
ance of the powers vested In him." M?ny
Democratic Congressmen looked a*kapc»
upon this Indication of th* organization of
a permanent party machinery and re
frained from attending the caucus. The
Influence of Virginia was paramount In
this caucus, but Virginia was herself di
vided between Madison and Monroe, and
the friends of. the latter In Congress. find-
Ing themselves in a hopeless minority Li
the Congressional caucus, published short
ly after a denunciation of that method nS
nominating Presidential candidates, as .ar
rogating to a few. members of Congress
a right which belongs to the people alone.
In this year the Federalists again held
no caucus, but voted for Pinckney actd
In ISI2 the parties were divided within
themselves in respect to the war with
Kngland. What is called the "rejruHr"
Republican caucus was far from receiving
the support of all the Reoubllcan mem
bers of Congress, for 51 of the 13* remained
away. Nominations were made in several
of the States. The Legislature of Penn
sylvania nominated Madison and Georea
Clinton, and a meeting held afterward In
Pittsburg declared for Clinton and Fl
bridge Gerry. A mass-meeting" in New
Hampshire put forth a full ticket, lha
Republicans of the New York Legistatura
nominated De Witt Clinton as an anti
administration candidate, and at leact
four State conventions, besides numerous
county gatherings of Federalists, as well
as Republicans, declared for him. No
strictly party nominations were made by
the Federalists, though a secret meetlnff
of representatives of that party frtnn
many States made pledges to support Da
Witt Clinton.
The Republican members of Congress*
who favored the war were determined
that a war policy should dominate their
party and the incoming, administration,
even with the peace-loving Madison at its
head Before the caucus was held thav
communicated their purpose to the Presi
dent by means of a committee, of wnicl\
Henry Clay was chairman. Rather than
to fall of receiving a renominatlon Madi
son reluctantly consented to issue a war
message, and was soon afterward unani
mously renominated by the party caucus
at Washington, with Elbridge Gerry as
candidate for Vice President.
11. NATIONAL NOMINATING KA-
CHINEHT.
BY JESSE MACY, LL.D.
Ths Congressional Caucus.
Much confusion exists among writers
upon American political parties due to
their failure to distinguish clearly the two
quite different Ideas suggested by the
word party. There Is (a) the party of
the present day, a thoroughly organized
machine. Its parts all carefully adjusted
to one another and all working in har
mony to bring about and to uphold a
definite national -policy — that Is to say, to
form and to express in an effective man
ner the political opinions of a large body
of citizens. Quite another thing was (b)
the mere loose, temporary association of
men of like views in respect to some par-
tlcular question or questions of public" In
terest, which was all that the word Im
plied in the early years of the republic.
Many leaders of opinion were then deep
ly distrustful of tendencies to closer par
tisan union. Washington was careful to
declare himself— and no do"»>t with per
fect sincerity — "not a pa.Lj man." In his
first Inaugural address Jefferson asserts:
"We are all Republicans— we are all Fed
eralists." He felt himself the representa
tive of the nation— not of a party. Jack
son himself, whom we now know as the
great promoter of party spirit and parti
san methods, pronounced early in his po
litical career ; against partisanship and
the strengthening of party divisions.
Like any Institution possessed of true
vitality and entering dynamically, into the
life of a people, the American political
party of to-day is a growth, a' plant
whose roots ramify In the soil of the dis
"tant past, and a product far other than
the seed from which it sprung. As little
is the present Republican or. Democratic
j parts 1 like to the Federal or the Republican
party 100 years ago as the full-grown oak
is like to the acorn which gave it birth,
and clear thinking in political history
must sharply distinguish them.
The Federalists who fought for the
adoption of the constitution in 1759 agreed
together only upon one point, viz., that
under existing circumstances, threatened
as the young confederacy was by foes
without ana foes within, a closer, more
efficient union of States was Imperative,
and that the plan set forth in the-pro
posed constitution was the only, plan like
ly to prove acceptable In the existing
temper of the people .of the different
States. Men of opposing views as to the
various provisions of that document sunk
their differences and labored together to
the one end— that, the nation might live.
The constitution once the law of the land
they were free, to contend with their
former allies upon every practical point
which should arise.
.In like manner the anti-Federalists
agreed among themselves only in their
opposition to the adoption of the consti
tution. They opposed it upon widely dif
ferent grounds and 'Yor diverse ends, and
their later political action had no neces
sary connection with their course during
the great constitutional struggle or that
of their colleagues of that period. It is
an error to Identify the Federalists of
1787-S9 with the Federalists who supported
the administration of , Washington and
John Adams, or to regard the Republican
party of the end of the eighteenth cen
tury as the political h«r to the antl-
Federallsts. "Party consistency," "party
loyalty." were terms not yet In use. as the
ideas which they now stand for did not
yet prevail in America. Certain of the
anti-Federals of 17S0, even though they
dld not become supporters of the Federal
administrations which followed, still
counted themselves among the worship
ers of the constitution and the guardians
of. its integrity. Federalists of the same
year became persistent opponents of the
policy of the Federal party, and ultimate
ly ranged themselves under the Republi
can leaders. No one of them regarded
himself or was considered by others as a
political "ren*»«rade" or a "traitor." Par-,
tisan rancor did Indeed deal harshly with
Madison, who had been one of the most
WAENER'S BEMEDIES.
FLAMES NEARLY
DESTROY BIBB'S
LUMBER PLANT
. ,-. zr*z •
Loss Includes ' Practically
Everything but the
Machinery.
The ; Damage Will Foot Up Fully
Thirty Thousand Dollars— Origin
of the Fire Is a
Mystery.
About the only thing saved , in yester
day morning's fire, which destroyed the
furniture plant of the D. H. .Bibb Lum
ber Company at the" corner, of ' Beach and
Stockton streets, was the machinery situ
ated on the first" floor of ,the structure.
Everything in the line of woodwork
went: up in smoke and entailed a loss of
at least J30.000. D. H. Bibb, who owns a
controlling interest . in the concern, was
an interested spectator of the 'blackout d
ruins yesterday, and said that exactly
$82,000 had been put In the plant about two
years ago.
There was some $3000 worth of furniture
stored where the fire started, and this
was on the point of .being shipped to dif
ferent parts of the State. In addition to
this there were contracts on iiand and to
be filled amounting to several thousand
dollars. The machines known as "sur
facers" and "matchers" suffered little
damage, as the burning floor did not fall
In on them. The firm had just put In a
'"sander," which cost $2250. The men from
the underwriters were busy all day yes
terday oiling up the different machines,
and it is thought that with the expendi
ture of a few hundred dollars they may all
be; made available for use. The. work of
the firemen in this instance was remark
able, as the whole building was a mass "f
seething flames, but prompt action saved
much property which otherwise might
have. been destroyed. .
The-offlcers of the company are at a
loss to know what started the fire. Every
Saturday it was customary to turn on a
huge steam blower inside the premises for
the purpose of cleaning up the place of all
shavings and refuse. When- the men
knocked off work at 5 o'clock everything
was clean and apparently all right about
the building. Whether the fire had been
smoldering for eight hours from a care
lessly thrown away cigarette or cigar la
not known, but that theory seems to b3
plausible. Watchman Nelson discovered
the flames at 1 o'clock, and by that tun-*
the first alarm had been turned in. There
was little oil or varnish In the part where
the fiTe originated, but with the dry
woods the flames rapidly spread to the oil
warehouse, and the firemen had a rard
time there. As an evidence of their ex
cellent work, it is noteworthy that John
Twlgg's boathouse, fifty feet away, waa
not even scorched, and not a stick of lum
ber in Simpson's yard, directly opposite,
was charred. . ,
- Mr. Bibb says that there was about SK
000 insurance on the buildings and contents
in several companies. Negotiations ha<l
been opened for an' additional' $10,000, but
the risks were fo high that the idea v;as
abandoned. Fifty-eight men are thrown
out of employment as a result of the nre,
but the company will immediately rebuild
In about three months a fully equipped
plant will be in running order.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1900.
TRIBUTE PAID
TO ROME, THE
WORLD'S CITY
Father P. C. Yorke Describes
the Cathedrals of the
Religious Center.
Eloqtient Lecturer Speaks to a Vast
Throng at St. Mary's Cathedral
on an Interesting
St. Mary's Cathedral, on Van Ness ave
nue and O'Farrell street, was packed
pews, aisles, gallery and all— last night hy
a devout congregation come 10 hear
Father P. C. Yorke lecture upon "Rome."
"It is a peculiar thing," he said, "while
you can mention the greatest cities of the
world without provoking animosity or
feeling, the moment you name the city of
Rome people begin to take sides. To some
the name Rome calls up a feeling of lcy
alty and devotion; to others hatred .md
opposition. It is a name that awakens
everything good and bad in man— a bless
ing or a curse.
"It was not always so. The time was
when it was merely a great city: the
greatest and the grandest of them all; the
center of the empire of the Caesars, whose
very word was law to all the world. Anil
this proud city, gleaming In the splendor
and beauty of its magnificence, one day
received a poor, unknown and unnoticed
man— St. Peter— who changed Rome that
was the city of a military nation *.o the
city of the world. He was sent by his
master in far off Jerusalem and told that
all the glorious pagan splendor would pass
away. St. Peter came to mighty Rr>n:c.
poor and without friends, but mighty \n
hope, and this city, that looked so Dros
perous, was already declining in its bruta'
strength. No longer was it to be wrappe-i
in the purple of imperialism, but in the
purple of the blood of martyrs, spreading
its name by virtue of the cross of Christ."
Father Yorke devoted the latter pa-t of
his lecture to a description of the catne
drals of St. John, Lateran, St. Mary's. St.
Paul's and St. Peter's. In speaking of th«»
grandeur and magnificence of the places
of Catholic worship, the speaker said:
"For this reason it has been charged
that Catholicity fosters Ignorance. Go to
Rome and this belief will be obliterated.
The many rooms of the Vatican, the soul
stirring cathedrals, are open to the whole
world; they exist for the visitor, the tour
ist, the scholar and the scientist, thn his
torian who writes of past ages and whose
material can be obtained from no other
source."
leather Yorke closed with a beautiful
word picture of St. Peter's Cathedral and
all that it inspires of religious feeling.
INCESSANT CONFLICT
RAGES IN MAN'S NATURE
Father Yorke's sermon at St. Mary's
Cathedral yesterday morning was on the
subject, "A New Heaven and a New
Earth." In his discourse the reverend
lecturer said that there was an irrepres
sible conilict going on between the natural
and supernatural forces in man's nature,
and from it he drew the conclusion that
in the final victory or defeat lies the soul's
salvation or damnation.
"Man is made up not only of body and
soul," said Father Yorke, "but there is a
supernatural element in him which is con
stantly battling for supremacy over the
insidious attacks of his natural or ma
terial being. Here, in the human heart,
does heaven make its fight against earth.
The angels of light are arrayed against
the ministers of darkness. It is not a bat
tle of flesh and blood, but of principalities
and powers against the spirit of wicked
ness In high places.
"We are not properly equipped to wage
the unequal struggle, and the soul is too
prone to compromise and sink itself in
the dust. Only by the grace of God can
we work out our own salvation. There is
no decisive victory or defeat until the end
comes. The battle goes on with varying
fortunes from day to day. but the result
of the last conflict will seal our fate for
all time.
"There is an end to everything in this
world. In the great enterprises. of man
kind may be discerned. a struggle against
forces that conquor in the end. Every
thing, even we ourselves, lasts for a short
time only. There is the season of growth,
maturity and decay, and the world knows
it no more. Death is active always, and we
eventually realize that the sun is going
down in the heavens and the day is over
for us. Do not leave the settlement of
your affairs until the end, for before you
know it the Judgment begins, and then it
is too late. We are face to face with our
sins, and satan stands before the thrOne
of God to demand his own. God has Kiven
us means .in plenty to carry out his
ideals, and we should take advantage of
them in order to merit salvation."
v For tan, freckles and blackheads Anyvo
Theatrical Cold Cream has no equal. 7 • -
A rich, nourishing food g|
for brawn and brain ; a ||
>*— \r>^ delightful bey- ffl
*> erage, to refresh Eg
l^&s*£<:' and entertain. I
JOTfch Civilization's M
YfogsF@? latest product H
T^lim^t At grocers — I
j§ *M) 30 cts. I
OL D. Ghirarddi Co. B
iIcCOCIQA.I
CSj'Ji \, A STRICTLr PURE //fgk
N^OLUBUE COCOA EXTRACT/ ||
CROWDED NIGHTLY!
IT IS TO LAUGH I
SECOND WEEK of Rice's Laughable Musical
Comedy.
THE GIRL
FROM PARIS
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
PHONE MAIN ZZ2. , -
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra Saturday
Matinee 23c. - *
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
lA/. T.HESS,
KOTART PUBLIC AND ATTOENEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brorvn S3l.
Residence. S2l California at., below-, Powell,
San Francisco.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SANO CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
i/D f\f*U Sand Centrifugal Pumps. Drake
tVlXvlvJil Amalgamators, in operation dai-
ly. 9 Stevenson st., San Francisco
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
EAVES All the Gold by Gravitation. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
BOSS GOLD SAVER.
Man pump*, water operates machine, works
3 tons per hr., saves 93 p.c. free gold. 129 First.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK,
The Greatest Farce Hit Ever
Made In This City.
Never Again
Chronicle says: " 'Never Again' Is a hilari-
ously funny faree — most uproariously Hvely."
Bulletin: •'The smoothest acted and brightest
farce of the season."
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week, ""DIPLOMACY."
CENTRIFUGAL AMALGAMATORS.
SAVES flne cold. In dally operation at 254
Beale st.. San Francisco. ; \i-l- -
GASOLINE ENOINES.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is filling
many orders for Nome. 141-143 First st.. S. F.
COLO SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Savlne Machine. 229 Fol-
«om street. Oriental Gas Enelne Company.
OILS.
LTTBRTCATTNC Oil. Crude Oil and Gasoline.
ENSIGN A McGUFFICK. 23 Spear St.. S. F.
PLATES FOR SAVING OOLD.
Schaezlein & Burrldge. 3' Hsrdle place, off
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO., Washington
and Ist sts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. S. F.
FUMPS AND GASOLINE ENGINES.
All kinds of Pumps and Gasoline Engines.
WOODIN & LITTLE. 312 Market St.. S. F.
! PILE-DRIVING ENGINES.
Worthlngton Steam Pumps & Water Meters,
Mundy Hoisting • Engines. Tatum & Bowen.
ENGINES. BOILERS; ETC.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Engines aid Boilers;
lowest prices on the coast. Pine & Dkvis sts.
TENTS AND tOVERS.
NEVILLE & CO.: manufacturers, bars.'* tents,
covers. Jl and 33 California st. . .¦ ¦
5
ANDREW JACKSON.
T. B. DE FILIFPE.
.Teacher of Languages.
THE ORIGINAL. GERRTMANDES.
(.Called after Elbrldge Gerry.)Tanforan Entries.
The entries for this afternoon's events
are as follows:
Firft race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
curse:
SH Combennere 1071 83S M. F. Tarpey.. .ll2
<S£2)Luc!dia 112} ... Ttlo de AKar....110
... Oscar Tolle 1W 809 Fred's M0unt. ..107
CJfi Lilly Dlggs 100! ... George Dewey...llo
... Diderot 137|(658)Klngatelle 107
838 Moonbrlght 107!
pecond race— Seven furlongs; three-y*ar-olds;
selling:
«1 Decoy 111 S6* Beautiful 8i11. ..105
<6T.6)The Lady 103 7SB Dlomed 110
£71 Mont Eag1e. .....102 (900)Tekla 110
Third race— Mile and an eighth: three-year
alds and upward; handicap:
<S9l)Potent* 1161 893 Morlnel 102
S7X Lothian I<W| SS4 Red Pirate 100
SO3 Mamie G....' 90i 816 Anchored 85
Fourth race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling:
... Mercutlo 112f 702 February 11*
863 f?even» 103; 813 Rooalbra 118
»0S Miss Marlon 113 (800) May Gertrude... lo4
842 Rey Hooker 103 S6O AUenna 99
... Truxlllo 11l BS2 Lew Zara.....'... 92
876 Sister Alice 118 ... Proclamation ... S>4
909 True Blue 115 8?1 Limerick 106
654 Monda 117 (898)Espirando 120
C 46 Joe McGee 101
Fifth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward: selling:
806 Merry Boy 10?! ?27 Facade 102
865 Espionage 100 (902)Toriblo * 113
£84 Wyoming 106 914 Silver Tone 107
Sixth race — Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward: purse:
877 Dr. Sheppard....l2s| fifil Sardine 87
694 Thos. Carey 89 (87S)May W 103
... Miss Rowena.. .lo3
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Combennere, M. F. Tarpey, Klng
etelle.
Second race — The Lady, Decoy. Dlomed.
Third race — Potente, Morlnel, Lothian.
Fourth race — Limerick. Miss Marlon. _ May
Gertrude;
Fifth race— Torlblo, Merry Boy, Espionage.
Sixth race — Sardine, May W, Miss Rowena.
215 199. 200 187; W. Unfred, 170, 176, 182. 169;
A.W. Kennedy, 168. 183.
First class trophies— C. M. Henderson, 211,
200: A. Gehret. 194.
Pistol, 10-shot scores, standard American tar
get—C. M. Henderson, 79, 71; J. F. Bridges. 80,
73: D. B. Faktor. 47, 39.
And there were plenty of other shooters
out, and not a few went away well satis
fled with their scores. One of these was
John Utschlg, who showed that he Is sllll
a very active factor among the fine rifle
shots. His scores were well in the lead In
a number of the contests. Annexed are
the results of the day's shooting:
Germanla Schuetzen Club, monthly class
medal contest and competition for cash
prizes— Medal shoot, ten shots. 25-rlng target:
First champion class, 3. Utschlg. 220 rings;
second champion class. H. Huber. 219; nn«t
class, J. Gefken, 224; second class. D. Salfleld.
202; third class. J. Beuttler, 182: best first shot,
J. Ut-schig. 23; best last shot, R. Stettin. 25.
Competition for cash prizes, 3-shot ¦ scores —
F. P. Schuster, 74, 71; J. Utschisr. 73; H. Hu
ber. 70: J. Gefken. 70; E. Goetze, 69.
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln. monthly
class medal contest, twenty shots. 23-ring tar
get—Champion claos. J. Utschlg. 443 rings: first
class, J. Gefktn. 419; second class, not filled;
third class, H. Stelling. 40»; fourth class, J.
Lankenau. 577; best first shot, J. Vtschisr, 24;
best last shot. D. B. Faktor. 23.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly con
test for cash prizes on the bullseye target, ma
chine measurement of best centers — First, John
Peters, 150 points: second. D. Salfleld. 366;
third. H. Huber, 434; fourth, F. P. Schuster,
497; fifth, O. Lemcke, 535: sixth, J. Gefken.
626; seventh, H. Stelltng, 637; eighth,' H. Hup
pert, 971; ninth, F. Rathjens, 1034: tenth. J.
Lankenau, 126; eleventh, J. de Wit. 1*94;
twelfth. J. D. Heise, 1319. :--
Independent Rifles, monthly class ; medal
shoot, ten shots with military musket. Blunt
target— Sergeant Georse W. Mitchell, 42; Ser
geant C. H. Kornbeck. 41; Lieutenant H.
Kuhlke. 40: Dr. "W. A. Meterdlerks, 34; H. Fe
lix. S3: C. Irersen. 32; J. Murtha. 31; C. Schnei
der, 31: J. Kellenberger. 30; Corporal H. Fred
erlckson. 26; D. Steffens. 25; F. Wield, 25; Cor
poral F. H. Laun, 24: Charles Grana. 27; F. J.
Skoran. 21; J. Donavan. 18: C. H. Melerdierks,
19; H. Marzolt; 13: H. Geatien, 13.
Companies C and Q (Nationals), N. G. C.
monthly class medal shoot, ten shots with
musket. Blunt target — W. Menzel. 31; F. Mc-
Gilvary, 42; H. J. Musgrave, 36; Lieutenant J
It. Darmes. 26; W. D. Grant, 36; F. J. Povev
41; L. W. Grant." 39; R. G. Howe. 24; B B*
Howe, 10;- J. . Brambila, 19; J. F. Norton. 4 #> -
V. F. Northrop. 38 i E. R. Armstrong. 33; G.
Atkins, 28; F. Carson. 41: A. E. Anderson 45-
H.--W. Fawke. 29; E. 'E. Williams. 39; Lieuten
ant G. J. Petty. 17: C. L. Lode, 36; R. c.
Dunbar. 26; W. R. Unfred, 41; C. Meyer. 45*
A. H. Kennedy. 42. ' '
CHASED THROUGH
THE STREETS BY
HIS ANGRY WIFE
Mrs. Walter Gallagher Gives
Her Husband a Sprint
ing Lesson.
Policeman Joy Stops An jp-y Woman
as She Is Rapidly Overhaul
ing Her Spouse and Is
Roundly Abused.
— — •
The spectacle of a well dressed woman
chasing a man, who was frantically en
deavoring to escape, created considerable
excitement and attracted a large crowd
on Market street yesterday afternoon.
The woman was Mrs. Walter Gallagher
and the man who was trying to lose her
was her husband.
Gallagher, who Is an attorney, was
promenading Market street when he
espied his wife standing near Powell
street. Hoping to evade her, Gallagher
darted into a building close by, trusting
that his wife had not seen him and that
she would get tired and return home.
While the attorney was congratulating
himself on his escape his enraged spouse
suddenly appeared, and after charg'ng
him with conduct unbecoming a dutiful
husband she smote him on the wrist. That
was all Gallagher wanted. Without wait-
Ing to explain matters to his pugilistic
wife he picked up his silk hat, which had
fallen from his head, and dashed across
Market street, wlthMrs. Gallagher in hot
pursuit. • '
Breathless and exhausted, Gallagher,
seeing that his wife was fast gaining on
him, jumped on a passing street car, bu»,
picking up her skirts, Mrs. Gallagher tooK
a flying leap for the car, landing safely
on the rear platform.
Gallagher happened to turn around, and
seeing his wife elbowing her way through
the passengers, promptly jumped off and
started up Market street. His wife was
after him in an instant and the motor
man, who recognized the attorney,
shouted: "Let'er go. Gallagher:"
Mrs. Gallagher dropped her purse con
taining several dollars In alighting from
the car. but that did not cause her to
stop. She ran screaming up the street,
gaining on Gallagher at every step,
when Policeman Joy, who is opposed to
foot-racing on the Sabbath, appeared on
the scene and stopped her. Mrs. Gal
lagher, seeing uer husband disappearing
tn the distance and prevented from con
tinuing the pursuit, became virtuously In
dignant at the action of the policeman
and threatened to take- him before the
Police Commissioners, but after consider
able coaxing she was induced to go home.
Gallagher may still be running. v v t ;~
awfully offended If he did not."
From that time on until the close of the
Interview Mr. Platt did the talking for
Mr. Artsimovitch.
JUDGE REILLY'S
WARSHIP PROVES
FLEET OF FOOT
Wins Open Stake at Union
Coursing Park From
a Big Field.
? — ... .
Eugene Geary's Young Greyhound
Palo Alto, the Greatest Son of
Em in Pasha, Is the
Judge P. J. Rellly's white and brindle
greyhound, Warship, went flying through
the big open stake at Union Coursing
Park yesterday, winning the big end of
the purse for his owner. He met in suc
cession Brutus, Ireland, Maud N, Royal
Flush, the stake favorite. Royal Union
(from his own kennels) and In the decid
ing course, Palo Alto, pronounced by
many coursing men the most promising
young dog in the State.
The critical point of the stake for War
ship was his meeting in the fourth round
with Royal Flush. They first ran an un
decided course, the score being 1 to 1. In
this Warship led to the hare by a length
ard forced it to Flush, which killed.
Judge Grace sent them back to "slips"
again and another hare was released.
This time Warship led by two lengths,
secured. the first turn and then his oppo
nent killed, making the score 3 to 2 in
favor of Warship. In the next round he
had to go against his kennel mate, Royal
Ur.lon, as Palo Alto, the only other dog
in the stake, was entitled to a bye course,
of which he could not be deprived. War
ship won. ¦
The final was a sensational course In
which both dogs were thoroughly tested.
Palo Alto led from slips, but Warship
gradually pased him out for the turn. Ihe
followers of Palo Alto then had an op
portunity to cheer as the young dog took
possession of the hare and in an instant
had the score 4 to 3 in his favor. The hare
was a strong one and stood up sufficiently
long for Warship, with his more matured
staying powers, to wirt""uHlmately by a
score of 10 to 7. Palo Alto is a remark
ably fast greyhound, and with more ex
perience is expected to prove formidable
in any company. At present his only fault
is that he steadies himself when near his
game before dashing in to kill. He is ex
pected to get over this with a little more
practice on the field. His hardest course
up to the final yesterday was with Nar
cissus, whom he beat after an undecided
course, and Narcissus was a strong fa
vorite. The detailed results of the run
ning, with Judge John Grace's official
scores, follow: .
J. Sheridan's Forest Queen heat E. Casser
ly's Lady Blanche, fi-3; M. London's Magneto
beat RE.de H. Ixjpez' ' Wanda. 4—o; P. J.
Rellly's PlouKhboy beat D. J. Healey's Maori
Land. 4—3: R L. Taylor's Mom beat D. J.
Healey's Maeifi*, 6—2; P, J. Iwllly's Royal Un
ion beat J. H. Harrison's Hot Haste, 3—o;
Curtis & Pon's Cash .beat Sterl & Knowles'
O'Hara. s—o; Jeff Martenet's B'lxton was beaten
by Manor & Reid's Uncle Fuller. 4—3; P. Kor
ean's Manila beat Curtis * Sen's Vanity Fair,
3—2: F. A. McCemb's Royal Flush beat Sterl
* Knowles' Ollta, 4—3; Pasha Kennel's Rol
licking Airs beat J. P. Thrift's Target, S-0;
R. E d» B. Lopez' Green Valley Maid beat T.
J. Cronln's Maid of P.all. 5—2: H. A. Deckel
man's Rocker beat M. Mlchalek's Olen Roy,
4—l; Curtis & Son's Maud N. beat F. A. Me-
Comb's Little Sister, 3-0; Curtis & Son's Nar
cissus beat Rust-ell, Allen & Wilson's Master
C/alr. S— o: Jeff Martenefs Slim beat Maher &
Reid's Nellie Bawn, 3—2; J. Sheridan's Forest
Kin* beat J. Keenan's Royal Oak. 12—0: P. J.
Reilly's Warship beat J. P. Thrift's Brutus.
5—O;E5 — 0;E Geary's Ireland beat Connell Bros. 1
I.*>K Boy 6— 3*; J. Dean's Gallant beat M. J.
O f Nell's* Pat Reilly. 8—0; E. Geary's Palo Alto
bent Curtis >& Son's Vulcan, 3—l; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Miss Skyrocket beat M. London's Battle
Ax, 6^2; Curtis & Son's Terrona.beat D. J.
Healey's Lady Clare, 's^-3.
Second round— Forest Queen beat Marneto.
6—3; Mose beat Ploushboy, 4— 2: Royal . Union
beat Cash s—o; Manila beat Uncle Fuller. 2—l;
Royal Flush beat Rollicking Airs. J— l; Rocker
hea"t Green Valley Maid, s—o: Maud N. beat
Slim. 10— 1; Narcissus beat Forest King-. S— o;
Warship beat Ireland. «— 1; Palo Alto beat Gal
lant 6—2: Miss Skyrocket beat Terrona. s—o.
Third round— Forest Queen b«at Mose, 7—3:
Royal Union beat Manila, 3—l; Royal Flush
beat Rocker, 4—l; Warship beat Maud N., s—l:
Palo Alto beat Narcissus, 5— 3; Miss Skyrocket
a bye.
Fourth round— Royal Union beat Forest
Queen. s—o; Warohlp beat Royal Flush, I—l,
3—2; Palo Alto beat Miss Skyrocket, *-3.
Fifth round— Warshtp beat Royal Union, c— 2;
Palo Alto beat Rocker In a bye. 5—3. ,
Final round— Warship beat P*lo Alto, 10—7.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
Connemara Beats Flora McDonald in
the Final in Short Time.
James Dean's Conuemara won the decid
ing course In the open, stake yesterday
at Ingleside Coursing Park, with Flora
McDonald as runner-up. The course was
a short one, the bitch by killing too quick
ly losing by a score of 3 to 2. Following
are the day's results, with Judge J. P.
Reilly's official scores:
Open stake, first tie— James Dean's Conne
mara beat Curtis Sc. Son"s McKinloy. &— 0; H.
A. Deckelmana Lawrence beat P. Rellly's
Master Mat, S— 2; Lowe & Thompson's Little
Fullerton beat E. M. KellojtK's Hummer, 4— 2;
J. H. Perltro's Controller beat J. Moonsy'a
Silent Treasure. 3— 2: R. E. de B. Lopez's
Paplta beat P. Rellly's Richmond Queen. 6— •);
E. D. MrCormack's Valley Forice beat J. Mc-
Enroe's Stonehenjce, 5—3; E. M. Kelloifg's Kid
McCoy beat J. J. Edmonds' Morning; Glory, 3— 2;
E D. Fallon's Uly of the West beat P. Rellly's
Expense s—o; T. J. McHugh's Moss Rose beat
J McEnroe's Nor" west. 4—2; Lowe & Thomp
son's Flora McDonald beat J. R: Smith's Ma-
Klc 3—l: Kav Brothers' Hawker beat K. M.
KellCßg's Ben's Habe, s—o; J. Maher's Benlcla
Boy beat J. 1. O'Brien's Pasha Queen, 6—3;
J. J. Edmonds' Go On beat T. Tierney's Tea
Rose. 12—9; J. 11. Perlgo's Lady Davenport beat
H. A. Deckelman'B Flyaway. 4—3: Capt. Kane's
Greenhall beat J. Carroll's Bluestone, 2—o; G.
Abercromble's Rock Island King; beat M.
Mlchalek's Old Glory, 4— 2; H. Lynch's Lex
ington beat J. Holden's Scottish Chief. 6—o;
J. H. Pei-iffo'd Bone beat D. Dowst's Sarcastic.
4—o; 3. Carroll's Auckland beat J. I. O'Brien's
Wandering Tom, 3—l; Joe Perry's Commodore
Nash b"at Russell, Allen &. Wilson's Belle
Clalie. 3—o.
Second tie— Connemara beat Lawrence. s—o;
Controller beat Little Fullerton. 3— 2H: Paplta
beat Val'.ev Forte, 7—l; Kid McCoy beat Lily
of the West, 4—o; Flora McDonald beat Moss
Rose. s—l; Benlcla Boy beat Hawker, 3—o:
Lady Davenoort beat Oo On, 6— o; Greenhall
beat Rock Island Kin*. 8—0: Bohe beat Lex
ington. 3—o; Commodore Nash beat Auckland,
ft-3.
Third j tie— Connemara beat Controller. &— 1:
Kid McCoy beat Paplta, 3—o; Flora McDonald
beat Uenlcla Boy. ft— 2; Greenhall beat Lady
Davenport, 4—o; Bohe beat Commodore Nash,
7-2.
Fourth tie— Connemara beat Kid McCoy, 3—2:
Flora McDonald beat Greenhall, B—s;8 — 5; Bohe a
bye.
Fifth tie— Connemsra beat Bohe, 2— •; Flora
MrDonald a bye. •
Final— Connemara beat Flora McDonald, 3—2.
Cameras and photo supplies . In artists'
material department at Sanborn, & Vair b
741 Market streei. •
Died of His Injuries.
E. L. Anderson, the boy 'who. fell from
the fifth floor, to the second " floor of the
Alcazar building late Saturday night, died
at the Receiving Hospital about 7. o'clock
yesterday morning. His body was taken
to. the Morgue. ,-
Purim Masquerade Ball.
. The San Francisco Hebrew ¦ Social Club
gave Its sixth annual purlm prize mas
querade last night at Odd Fellows'. Hall.
The hall was crowded . with , maskers.
Prizes were awarded late in the evening.
Dad way's
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Ckn*»
P*"*^ digestion, completa absorption an 4
healthful Tesularity. - <¦
. . Fop Vi? euro ot disorders of th« Stomach,
Uvevßowels Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
rcrularlUes. Sick -Headache, Biliousness, Con-
•tlpctlon. ¦ Piles and ail deraneements ot tho
internal Viscera. 250 a box. At DruesiJts. or
\>7 mall. RAD WAT ft CO.. New Tork
Runaway Wrecked a Hearse.
The horses • attached .to ¦ a hearse, in
which were contained the remains of Vir
ginia Erchilota, a 15-year-old girl who
died at 36 Boardman place a few days
ago, became frightened at a street car
near Mission and Twenty-sixth streets
yesterday afternoon and ran away. . Be
fore the animals could be stopped the
hearse had struck an electric light pole,
throwing the driver. E. Castagnetto, to
the ground and wrecking the vehicle.
Fortunately the coffin remained in the
hearse, and as Boon as possible another
hears*© was secured and the funeral pro
ceeded. Castagnetto. the injured driver,
was taken to St. Luke's Hospital, , where
Dr. Shaw treated him" for .a severely
sprained ankle as well as minor bruises
and scratches. He was afterward taken
to his home.
CAVANAUGH BROTHERS
FIGHT WITH KNIVES
Edward and Charles Cavanaugh, broth
ers, were taken to the Seventeenth-street
station at an early hour » this » morning,
Charles having a badly lacerated* scalp
and Edward a slashed wrist. The men are
owners of a chicken ranch near the Slx-
Mtle House, and quarreled over the'con
duct of the business. The result was a
fight with knives and a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon against each. How
ever, the men refuse to - prosecute one
another. ' :
Handball at Phil Ryan's.
The play at Phil Ryan's handball court.
858 Howard street, yesterday afternoon
was brisk and full of enthusiasm. The
presence, of new -blood In the court added
much to bring the older hands to the
front to retain the pood opinion of the
regular spectators. -The games and their
results were as follows:
T. McManus and D. 0'8rien.......... 21 21 21
P. Basch and M. Berwln 13 17 20
C. Smith and P. Muni.. .21 j; jj
C. Lakln and It. Ennls — ...10 21 \\
O. McDonald and P.' Stelner 21 21 14
P. McKlnnon and M.- McNei1........ 18 12 t\
C. Murray and' J. J. Canavan... 21 21 n.
M. Klrby and W. H. Sleberst. 17 is 13
O.B. Hayward and A.' Whiteman..."2l 14 21
E. Barry apd D. Regan...... 12 21 16
W. "Walsh and J.'Mcßrearty.... 21 ¦ 21 21
E. ; McGlnty and C. Lakln....: 14 ¦" 18 12
E. Toy and R. Hausman.. .. 21 14 21 IS 21
T. Leach and E. Curtey..... 13 21 13 21 la
J. White and J. C011in5.... ...... ...."21 21 21
M. J. Kllgallon and R. Llnehan 10 17 w
J. White ana J.- C011in5..:..;".. ........ 21, 21 21
M. J. KUr&Uon and A. Hampton.... 17 11 13
BURGLARS AGAIN AT WORK.
Ransack a House on Third Avenue
and Secure Some Jewelry.
Burglars are doing a thriving business
In the Western Addition. During the past
two weeks a number of houses have been
entered and valuable property taken.
The latest house-breaking job was com.
mltted yesterday at the residence of J.
K. Delmar at 121 Third avenue. The
burglars gained an entrance by prying
open the rear door with a Jimmy. After
thoroughly raneacklng the house they got
away with two diamond pins, two gold
chains and a gold watch. The family
was absent at the time. -
DAISY BROWN FOUND
IN A FRIEND'S HOUSE
Discarded the Garments Which Were
, Found in a Cave to Go -
Bicycling.
The mystery attending the disappear
ance of 17-year-old Daisy Brown and the
finding of some of her clothes In a cavo'la'
Golden Gate Park Saturday afternoon has
been cleared up. Last night Daisy was
found at the home of a friend at Nine
teenth and Mission streets by Police Of
ficer McMurray of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children. With her
was Helen Davis, her chum, who was also
reported missing. ,
According to the story told by the
Brown girl, she and Miss Davis went to
a cyclery near the park • Saturday . after
noon and rented two bicycles. . They wore
bloomers, and as they were hampered by
their skirts they, decided to discard them.
Daisy placed the • garments In the - cay*
where they were found. : After . returning
from the beach the girls went to the cave
to get their clothes, but were horrified to
find them gone. Thinking that her moth
er might scold ! her, Daisy and • the Davis
girl rode to. the house of their friend hi
the Mission, to whom they told the story
of the loss of their garments. Their friend
allowed them to remain all night with
her, and yesterday ¦ when they read » the
story, of their disappearance in 'The -Call
they, decided to | send I for Officer McMur
ray. ' The latter went - to the house > lost
night and : the girls pleaded with him not
to . arrest : <thenv ? promising i never ,to igo
bicycling again. , Miss Brown ¦ was • taken
to her mother's home on Folsom street.
RIFLEMEN DINE,
ACCEPT PRIZES
AND ARE MERRY
Annual Banquet of Golden
Gate Rifle and Pistol
Club.
Large Attendance of Marksmen at
Shell Hound— John TTtschig
High in Several Events.
Military Shots.
»
Shell. Mound rifle range was alive vnth
marksmen yesterday, the , fine weather
making the attendance larger than usual.
The light was good, but at times a little
strong, and there was no wind to speak
of. Hence the shooting was somewhat
better than usual. One of the princtpal
features of the occasion was the annual
banquet of the Golden Gate Rifle and Pis
tol Club at the ; end of the day's sport.
The feast took place In the dining-rooms
of Captain ¦L. Siebe, proprietor of the
range,. who spared no pains to set before
his guests all of the good things that the
market afforded.. The banquet was to have
been held early in January, but owin^-lo
the protracted illness of Dr. L. O. Ro:lr
ers. one of the pillars of the organization,
the event .was postponed to yesterday,
when the doctor announced that h© was
equal to the occasion. and the spread. L).
W. McLaughlln presided and presented the
prizes won In 1809. With appropriate re
marks he announced the following win
ners and their scores:
Rifle champion clacs— First prlae. cash, D.
W McLaughlln, 220.. 225. '226. J2S, 228-1135; sec
ond pH«. cash. F. E. Mason. 219. 223. 221. 222.
234— 1119 • third prize, cash, Dr. L. O. Rodjrers.
219. 220. 221, 222. 220-1102. . . .
First class— First priie. cash. C. M. Hender
son 218. 213. ?19. - 213, 222—1083; second prlie,
cash F W Belknap, 212. 211.. 216, 219. 222-1086;
third prize; cash, J- E.- Gorman. 211. 212. 220,
Pistol ' champion class, 50 yards, standard
Amerlein target— First prize, , cash. J.E. Opr
man. M. 94. 94. .84. 9»-4<»: second prixe. Dr.
L. O. Rod«ers. 94. 94. 93. 91. £-40.. - „ ?
First class-First prize, J.F. '- Bridges. 85. 84.
It] go go 410; second prize, C. M. Henderson.
83! 81. 81. 81. 78— 404. ; .'
Special prizes— F. E-Maaon. powder measure
for highest champion class, rifle score. 234; C.
M Henderson, grold medal for highest single
•core In first cla»g. ¦ 223 point*. '• ;; '
:¦'¦ Toasts ' were ; offered and : responded to
until a ; late • hour. Although all of the
members -.were v not ' present, about thirty
sat down at the table. v The Golden Gate's
scores in the several matches of the day
were as follows: • ~ v
' Bushnell trophy. 10 'shot*. ; 25-rln» target—
D." W. McLaua-hlln. 225, -231.. 226; • Dr.« L. O.
Rodgere, 225.' 221. • zl». - 215; , F. E. Mason, ; 232,
223, ». 231; D. B. Fmktor. 19». -
' Club ¦ fold medal, 10 shots. ' 25-rinr tajxet— F.
B. Mason. 223; X. B. Dorrell. 215, 21», 219. 226;
C. M. Henderson, 214. 213. ¦ ?•; • < <V.
Club silver medal— J. Kullman. 219, 195: H.
L Stettin Jr.. 183; J. Bridges, 215; a; Oehret,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOME CURES.
FREE BOOK
7 FOR MEN...
Lost Manhood, Private Diseases
and Contagious Blood Poison
a Specialty.
If you cannot visit £an Francisco write '
for free copy of our "Marrlae* Guide."
advice, question list, etc Letters confi-
dential. No printing on enveloi>«s or
c&ckazes to Indicate name of sender.
Ton may deposit the price of a cnr» la
any San Francisco bank, to be paid to vi
only after you are well, or may pay In
monthly Installments. Prices reasonable.
No Injurious medicines or electric belts
used. All medicines and aspllances free a
to ratlents. f|
DR. MEYERS & CO. 1
73/ MARKET ST., S. F. Jt
Dr. A. T. Derby second. In the regular
club medal shoot, twelve birds, the score
resulted as follows:
Regular club medal fhoot. twelve birds— C.
A. Halght 10. W. J. Golcher 10, Clarence Nau
man 11. "Slade" S. Paul r>elinas 8. Sands
10, P. B. Bekeart 11. A. M. Shields 7. F.
W. TaJlant 9. Homer 8, H. B. Hosmer ?. J. J.
Wirtner 6. C F. Stone 11, Williamson 11. Mc-
Murchy 12, Lou^ee K>. H. Juatlnii 11. J. Kull
n»n S, A. T. Derby 10. Fred Purryhne 6.
Sweepstakes, rtx bird? — Coleman, 4. 4. 3. 2. 5;
Derby, 3. 5. I; Shields. 6, 6. 4. 5, 4; Shaw, B. 6.
4. 5. 4; Delmap. 5, 4. 4. 3. 4; SandF. 6, 6, 4;
Tallant. 5; Hoemer, 6; Homer, 8; Winner, 3.
The first monthly shoot of the San Fran
cisco Gun Club was held at the Ingleside
grounds, resulting in the following scores:
Club shoot— Neu?ta3t»r 20, Klevesahl 20, Rlck-
Wi>on 20, Nauman 21. Shaw 18, Schultz 13,
Sw»n»y 21, Bekeart 21. Hynes IS. Wand 7,
Llddl* 13. Halsht 18. Forster 22, Whitney 13,
Donnelly 22. Bruns 22, Shields S. Une 20. Wil
liamson IS. Klnp 19. Murdoch If". Justine 17,
Halght 21. Golcher 20, McMurchy ;5, Rosenbeij
20.
Twrntv-blrd matches— Neustadter. 15: Hynm,
IS. 32; Funck. 15. 16: Forster. 18: Sweeney, 11.
13; Klevesahl. 15; Shultz. 19. IS; Ltddle. 14;
Hruns. 15. 16: Donnelly, 15; 'Wilson, 17; Shaw,
IS; Brockbank. 15.
GUNNERS PEPPER
BLUEROCKS AT
ALAMEDA POINT
The Empire Club Holds the
First Shoot of the
Season.
Th.c Principal Event of the Day Was
the Contest for the California
State Championship
Trophy.
•
ALAMEDA. March 11.— The Empire Ciub
held its first shoot of the season at Ala
ineda Point to-day. The gunners were
out in force and some fairly good scores
were made. The principal event of tlie
<say was the shoot for the California St*te
championship trophy. The prize for ?his
event is a handsome silver loving cup. The
conditions are that It must be shot for six
times between March 11 and September 9,
and will go to the shooter making the
highest average during the season of six
shoots. There were eleven participants
in the contest. Webb leading with 24.
"Trombone" 24, Otto Feudner 23. Haver
19, Fred Feudner IS, V. J. I>a Motte 17,
Debenham 16, Haille 15.
In the Schumacher handicap shoot at
twenty birds, for a trophy offered to the
highest average shooter during the season
-of Elx ehoots, the following were the
scores: La Motte 18, F. Feudner 18, Haver
18. O. Feudner 19. Webb IS, Juster 16,
Jacobson 11. Cullen 17, "Trombone" 18,
Sweeney 15, Alden 17.
In the emblematic club championship
shoot for a gold watch, to be won by the
member having the greatest number of
breaks during the season's seven shoots',
the scores were: Alden 17, Houpt 7, Gere
15, Lambert 12, W. Ireland 10, Jacobson 6,
J. Ireland 6. Allen 16. Cullen 8. Guyett 5,
O. Feudner 22, Webb 20, F. Feudner 17, Lit
Motte 7. Juster 10. C. Baird 12. Searles 7.
Haille 13. Debenham IC. Reed 11, Fisher
14. Sweeney 15. Parent 6. Swales 11, Jacob
eon 15, Gould 12. Hallie 13. W. Ireland 5.
The championship club shooters were
divided into four classes, and in the money
match at twenty-five birds, which fol
lowed, the prize was to be given to the
man in each class winning out. The first
three classes did not shoot, but divided the
money, as follows: O. Feudner and Webb,
first prize. $3; Alder. F. Feudner and
Haver. second prize, $4 50; Gere, Allen and
Debenham. third prize. $3. Baird and Jus
ter were tied In the fourth class and «»hot
eJT. the former winning the prize of $1 50.
The handicap merchandise match, et
twenty birds, was won by Lambert. Webb
wa« second and Allen third. Tn» scores
were: Debenham 13, Guyette 10, O. Feud
ner 14, Webb 19. F. Feudner 16. La Motte
17. W. Ireland 17. Gere 17. Lambert 2), Al
len IS. Jacobson 17. Houpt 17. J. Irelan-i 13,
Searles 16. Baird 14. Haver 17. Juster 12.
The ten-bird shoot was won by O. Feud
ner. The scores were: Gould 5, Juster 8.
L. Baird 4, C. Baird «. J. Ireland 2. W.
Ireland l, Juster 5. Gere 6, La Motte 7,
Gould 6, F. Feudner 9.
OLYMPIC PIGEON SHOOT.
Local Wingshots Open the Season at
Ingleside Grounds.
The Olympic Gun Club held its first
phoot of the season at the Ingleside
grounds. The scores were not up to the
usual standard, some of the best men
making poor totals owing, they claim, to
lack of practice. Though the day was a
beautiful one. a light breeze would have
helped the results. Harvey McMurchy
made the only clean score of the day, and
the clever manner in which the celebrated
wing shot dropped his birds elicited much
applauee from the members of the club,
whoee guest he was.
In the championship class Clarence
Naumaii carried off first prise, and W. J.
Golcber and C. A. Halcht divided second
honors. H. Justlns won first prize In
class A, second prize going to "Sands."
1> class B, C. F. Stone won flret prize and
Confides to a Friend That the Cere
mony Is to Take Place in
MRS. WEBSTER JONES MAY
WED THE RUSSIAN CONSUL
PERSISTENT rumors have been cir
culated to the effect that Vladimir
Artsimovitch. the Russian Consul
In this city, and Mre. Webster
Jones are coon to be married. The
lady has confided the secret to her friends
and the Consul is ca!d to have whispered
the story to his acquaintances. The plans
of the couple depend In a great degree
upon Mr. Artsimovitch's promotion to rep
resent his country in a consular capacity
at Berlin. He has learned from private
sources that he is favorably considered
for the position, and as soon as he gets
official notice of his appointment it is
probable that he will publicly announce
his engagement to Mrs. Jones.
According to the intimate friends of the
couple, the wedding Is not to take place
In this country. Mr. Artslmovitch is so
confident of b<*!ng transferred to Berlin
that he calculates, so It is said, to have
his prospective bride follow him there,
when the marriage will be celebrated.
Mrs. Webster Jones received some un
pleasant notoriety about five months ago
in an action she brought against h*>r hus»
hand in Scinta Barbara for a divorce. Her
epouse made no contest, and she was
pranted a derree, since which , time Fh«;
ar.d her two children have been living
with her parents. Mr. and Mrs. H. H.
Hobb*. at 202S Bush street. For the past
i>v. days she has been stopping with
i'rt^nds at San Mateo.
Mrs. Harry Sherwood of 1423 Central
avenue. Alameda. is one of the friends to
whom Mrs. Webster Jones confided that
she was to marry the Russian Consul.
When seen yesterday Mrs. Sherwood said:
"Yes. Mrs. Jones and Count Artslmo
yitch are engaged to be married. Mrs.
Jon«^ told me so. I know nothing of the
details and do not think the public has
any ri£ht to meddle In such matters."
Net long ago the Count w:is entertained
at dinner by some friends across the bay
and on that occasion he is reported to
have told of his prospective call to Berlin
and announced that Mrs. Webster Jones
would follow him there and become his
bride.
The persistency with which rumor had
coupled his name with that of Mrs. Jones
evidently worried the Consul, for last
night he appealed to Horace Platt at the
Pacific Union Club to save him from
newspaper notoriety. Acting- on the ad
vice cf Mr. Platt he consented to be ln
torviewed by a representative of The
Call. When the interview reached Its most
interesting stape Mr. Platt rushed to tha
rescue of the Consul and saved him from
the embarrassment of either denying the
assertions made by Mrs. Jones relative to
their approaching marriape or admitting
that Dame Rumor was correct in her sur
mises.
"I have learned from private sources."
paid the Count, "that my Government
thinks favorably o* promoting me to tha
position of Consul to Berlin. I dare not
say anything about it at this time, ie;
foar my people may think I am too frtsh,
all my chances would be spoiled.
"Now, as to my marriage with Mrs.
Jones, all I can say is that I am not in
the habit of taking the public into my
confidence in my private affairs. If it
vrere so. I " then appeaiingly to Mr.
Platt: "Really. Mr. Platt. what shall I
tell him," referring to the reporter.
"Why, tell him there Js nothing: in it, of
courne. I'll cay that much for you. I
know there Is no truth in the rumor, for
the Count would have taken me into hla
confidence tho first thing. I should feel
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1900.
ENFORCED DARKNESS YIELDS
A HARVEST OF BLOODY WORK
Chief Officer Nervich of the
Bark Undaunted Beaten
and Robbed.
First Mate With the Gillmore
Expedition Badly Used
by Footpads.
One of the Solace's Cre-w a
Victim of Local Economy
¦ of Light.
visit OR, JORDAN'S great,
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY '
Cm ioaKA3XXsS£*tea«a.s.r.fci.i '
tjf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
-^jfr. Wo»td. Weaknesses or any contracted ¦ '
MS SaN disease pevliivel? cared by the eld:*: '
IBjal Speaa:UtcatheCo*»t. Est.36ye*.». 11
fISfJJ OR.4OROAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
if 9SI Compilation free and strictly pri»a» \
I 'iWI Trtirmeat pervonally or by 1-trer. A A
¦ Si If "* '"'»" '» Con in every case undertaken. T
Pi II ft Wrtsfor B^V.flllLOsuPHY «f A
IT ¦*¦•«*«¦• »I*U.K> FSE3. (AT
Q Hi nluabla book tot mra) \
DR. JORDAN A «-0.. 1051 Market St.. S.F. 9
i-^ FAVORITE
pSCRIPTION
M FOR WEAK WOMEN.
6
MRS. WEBSTER JOiNES.
CHIEF OFFICER NERVICH of the
American bark Undaunted will not
forget Ji> a hurry the experience he
had on the water front a few. nights
ago. At an early hour Saturday morning,
when, according to the edict issued by
the city fathers, all the lights were out,
he was waylaid and robbed and is now
lying* aboard the ship in a precarious
condition. Two physicians have been in
attendance on him and their opinion is
that Nervlch, although his wounds are
serious, has a. fair chance o? recovery.
The Undaunted left here about a year
ago for Puget Sound, where she loaded
lumber for Australia. After discharging
her cargo on the other side she loaded
coel at Sydney, N. S. W., and sailing on
November 24 arrived here on February 18.
During the voyage there was considerable
friction between the chief officer and the
men. When the sailors came ashore some
of them were heard to say that they
would get even with Nervich, but nobody
paid any attention to them. "When all
hands were paid off there was no friction
and the mate and men seemed to be good
friends.
When the Undaunted docked at Green
street wharf some of the old hands came
around, but they did not speak to Ner
vlch nor did they attempt to board the
ship. While the bark was discharging
they still hung around and the man work
ing the donkey engine told the mate they
were keeping track of • him. Nervlch
laughed, treated the whole matter as a
Joke and said he was able to take care of
himself.
On Friday Captain Davidson went up
town during the afternoon and Chief Of
ficer Nervlch was left in charge of the
vessel. He had nearly $500 on his person
and also carried a gold watch and chain.
As soon as the captain was gone the mate
strolled up the dock, and crossing the
street, made his way through the cars
standing on the belt railroad, entered a.
saloon and had a drink. The journey
was repeated again and again.
About this time the steward of the bark
warned him that the -gang was on the
lookout for him, but Nervich only laughed
and again started ashore to have just one
more drink before turning in. When he
failed to come back In an hour the stew
ard started out to look for him. A dili
gent search of all the saloons in the
SCENE OF ASSAULT AND ROBBERY OF MATE NERVICH.
neighborhood of Green and tast streets
failed to reveal any trace of the missing
Finally about 5 o'clock Saturday morn
ing Nervlch was found among the freight
cars on the belt railroad more dead than
alive His face was beaten almost into
a jelly and his body was one mass of
bruises. All his money and his watch
and chain were gone, his pockets being
turned Inside out. • „.»
Nervlch was taken aboard the ship and
when able to tell his story said that about
midnight he started back for the ship.
All of a sudden the llgnts went out and
he got lost among the cars on the railroad
siding. There some one hit him on the
heart and he doesn't remember anything
after* that. Nervlch thinks that there were
only three men in the gang that assault
ed "him and that none of them had ever
sailed on the Undaunted. The steward,
however, asserts that there were four
men on the outlook all day and that two
at least of them came from Australia on
Chief Officer Nervlch is well known on
the Pacific Coast, having been five years
master of the Gatherer and also having
commanded other vessels.
Paul Vaudiot. who was the mate of the
expedition under Lieutenant Gillmore.
captured by the Filipinos while exploring
the Baler River, was found shortly before
3 o'clock yesterday morning by Policeman
Tracey stretched out on the roadway at
New Montgomery and Jessie streets. His
face was covered with blood, and Tracey
rang for the ambulance and had him sent
to the Receiving Hospital. His upper jaw
was fractured, both lips were cut. the
wound in the upper lip extending to the
nasal cavity, four teeth were knocked out
and there was a deep cut on his forehead.
After his wounds were dressed nothing
could be seen but his eyes and mouth.
He could scarcely speak, but managed
to say that he had been drinking. The
last thing he remembered was leaving the
New Europe Hotel on Sansome street. He
thought some one struck htm on the bacK
of the head, but his recollection was very
hazy. Dr. Starr, who dressed the wounds,
said they could not have been caused by
a fall. It is thought that robbery wa3
the object and that the thieves were
scared away before they secured his
money. The police are investigating the
case.
The other sailor w.-is John E. Day. who
left here on. the Concord for the Orient
nearly two years ago, returning on the
Solace. He went to a theater Saturday
night with two friends, but got sepa
rated from them. He visited some of tho
resorts on Grant avenue and yesterday
morning found himself on the ground In a
lane off Grant avenue. His lip was cut
and he had been robbed of nearly $100.
He called at 40 Ellis street unon Recruit
ing Officer Roydon of the Marine Corps
and asked for the loan of t". telling htm
he had been drugged and robbed. Roy
don gave him the money and he was ad
vi.«od to go to the Receiving Hospital to
have his wounded lip dressed. He did so
and then reported the robbery at police
headquarters to Captain Bohen. Unfor
tunately he had no recollection of where
he had been, but simply remembered go
ing Into' some places on the avenue.
Despite th«» evasions of the Count, rumor
persists that the woddlng will take place,
and society liv<»3 In anticipation of the
formal announcement of the engagement.MINISTER PHELPS' FUNERAL.
Impressive Services Are Held Over
the Remains.
NEW HAVEN, March 11.— Funeral
services for the late Edward J. Phelps,
ex-Minister to England, were held to-day
in Battel Chapel. Dr. Timothy Dwlght
delivered the funeral address.. The col
lege choir.sang two hymns, "Lead, Kind
ly Light, Lead," and "Abide With Me."
The plain black coffin was carried Into the
chapel on the shoulders of eight seniors,
members of the Wolf's Head Fraternity',
of which Professor . Phelps was an hon
orary member.
Among: the honorary pall-bearers were*
President Arthur T. Hadley of Yale, Pro
fessor William Graham Sumner and Dean
Francis Wayland. The body was taken
to Burlington, Vt., where the interment
1 nthe family plat will be made on Tues
day.
KATTiBOATJ I TBAVFTL.
COAST DIVISION (HroscHian^f).
(Thlril iind Town'cml SU.)
BAXLSOAD TIIAVEI^
ISCTMCBN I'ACIFfC CO»rA3TY.
(PACinc mtutem.)
Train* H>i»»c nml »ro •!••« !• itrrlf* at
(Main line. Foot of Market Street.)
MOUNT TAMALPfiIS ; SCENIC RfIILWAY
L«av« ' San ', FraocUco ri» Sanaallto Ferry.
Week Day 5...... 9:10 a, m. and 1:43 p. m.
Sondaya.... «:00. 10:00 a, m. and 1:45 p. m.
?.-.: Bteam-heatcd. closed car on all trains.
' Far*— Saa Francisco to Summit and Ratum,
H4O. . - -
VT^W Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
In 1834 for the treatment of Prt vat*
Bl^^VDlseatSfS.LofttMantio.Hl D«blUt7 0»
BbBMBBbI dl««a*» wearlnf on Ixvlyand mind and
jjß ¦SilnDfs«fl«.BLTh«doctorcTire«wli#r 1
¦others t&il Try him. Cbargta low.
S^BMBHBSj<ur<-*s;a*r»nt»*4l. CallorwrlM.
Dr. S, W. uIBBQ.N. Box 1997. Saa Fnaasass^
Aged Ban cher Badly Hurt.
LIVERMORE. March IL— While milking
a cow on the Farnarlss ranch yesterday
William Boots. 73 years old, was knocked
down by a runaway horse. He had sev
eral ribs broken and suffered internal In
juries which may prove fatal. The old
man was treated by Dr. Summers, who
•was called from Llvennore-
Christian Science Claims.
OAKLAND. March tL— Dr. F. J. I^uno.
a leader of Christian Scientists in this
city, expounded the claims of that cult
In a discussion this evening at the ¦ First
Unitarian Church: .The lecture was one
in a series on various religions and
doctrines which has been in progress for
six weeks at > that church.
Horses for Mail-Carriers.
OAKLAND. March ' 11. — Postmaster
Friend has been notified that after July 1
the department will allow an appropria
tion for mounted letter-carriers In the
annexed district. This will greatly facili
tate the handling of mall matter.. Con
gressman Victor H. Metcalf has taken the
matter of the extension of the free deliv
ery to the annexed district under his
special care. ;
NEW THROUGH CARLINE
eHIGAQO,
. VIA
THE RIO GRANDE
WESTERN RAILWAY
AND CONNECTIONS.
. LEAVINO " SAN FRANCISCO" DAH.T.
S :30 A. M. and 1:30 P. M.
Effectlra ¦ February 15. 1300.
Get Information of Southern Pacific ticket
aeents or '¦ . '
GENERAL. OFFICE. : 14 Montjr/omenr st.
RUNAWAY BOY FROM
TEXAS SENT TO JAIL
OAKLAND. March IL— Leo Thomas, a
bright youngster of 16 years, -was ar
rested at First and Broadway this after
noon and taken to the City Prison.
Thomas Is a runaway from Texas. He
e&id he had left an unhappy home at
San Antonio two months ago to seek his
fortune in California.
"My father did not treat me well and
I told him I was going to leave" was the
boy** etory. "He said when I got tlr»i!
to come home. I rode freight trains to
Los Angelas, worked there in a hotel for
a month, then came on to Oakland by the
fright train route."
The boy said his father was George
Thomas, a machinist employfd by the
Kennedy Manufacturing Company, near
San Antonio.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THt UNITED STATES MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
FHOM BA?* FRAXCISCO ...,V..8.< B: ."FORTLAKiy.. April ». 1»89
FROM SBATTUBV.. .......;....„. ............B.' •. ,"DORA" ....April 10. isOt
...OU BAN FRANCISCO ........................8. 8.-"RAptIKR"...:.:..UvHO. l«0«
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM BAN FRANCISCO .:.:„....„.... a "ST. PAUI*" May ttta
A Steimer Will Be Dispatched Eiery Fortnight Thereitter.
For Juneau, Sltka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodlak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM SEATTXB.. ...J ..:.\... ...;.....:. ..* a 18.1 B. -' "B«RTHA. M evmmaacUur AprO tta
AND MONTHLY THEREAFTER.
For b*w folders, maps and farther particulars a* to fralcbt and pasaat*. *W>ly to A&A8»
XA COMUKRCIAX. COMPANT. aiO Bauotn* strMt. Baa Fraaelaeo. CaL - •' ¦-:¦>: ¦ ¦¦ ' '¦.'.
Far Baattle •allinga apply to CAPT,' JAB. CARROLL. Mutual Lite Bulldln*-, Beattl«.Tf aan.
Mrs. Hearst's Receptions.
BERKELEY. March 11.— The sophomore
class and the faculty of the University of
California attended the Holmes concert
given by Mrs. Hearst In Hearst Hall this
afternoon. Mrs. Hearst has requested
that a reception committee be appointed
by each class that all the members may
become acquainted with each other.
The following committee has been ap
pointed by President Sibley of the fresh
men class for the reception to be given
next Saturday: Fred Reid, A. J. Woolsey,
Stanley V. Walton. C. F. Stern. Arlelgh
Llmberger, Miss Alma Sherman, Miss
Agnes Forgie. Miss Grace Barnett, Miss
K. V. Willis and Miss Edith Evans.
The following was the programme at
the concert this afternoon:
Sonjr cycle, "Dlckterliebe" (Schu
mann); string quartPt (a) "Cavatina"
In E flat, from on. 130. (b) allegro assai
in C minor (Schubert); songs from
operas— "Non pice an drai Mania gl
of Figaro" (Mozart); "O. dv mem
holder Abendstern Tannhauser" (Wag
ner); "Guand'ero Pogglo. Faistaff"
(Verdi); string quartet In G No. 6. op.
17 (Haydn), moderate, minuetto, ada
gio, presto; old English songs — "Tha
Bailiff's Daughter." "Oh, So Sweet Is
She." "Drink to Me Only," The
Pretty Creature." "Danny Deever"
(Walter Damrosch); executants—vio
lin, Henry Holmes; vocalist, David
Bispham.
Leav* Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Franctsoo.
October 15. ¦ «
Weelc Sun- Hit. Sun- Week .
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 ami Xovato. tt:M am 8:« an»
S:3opm $:30am} Petaluma. «:06 pm 10:JS am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm [ Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm «:U pn»
Fulton. .
T:3O am Windsor. 19:13 as*
Healdsburs;,
Lytton.
- Qeyservllle.
<:Sopm 1:00 am cloverdale. 7:33 psn (:23 ptn)
7:30 ami IHopland and I j '
|»:00am| Uklah. | 7:85 pm| t:O pm)
7:30 am ~ 10:25 as*
3:00 am GuernevMe. 7:33 pro
»:30pm |j «:npra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 an 1:40 air»
and
5:19 pm 5:00 pm Glen EUfn. «:05 pm 1:23 pel
ELMHURST WINS ITS
EXPRESS FIGHT
ELMHTJRST. March 11.— The people of
Elmhurst have won their fight over the
delivery of express matter. The Wells-
Fargo Express Company has been making
the people of Elmhurst travel from this
town to Bather station, a distance of near
ly five miles, to get their express matter,
when the express office at San Leandro
was i but one mile distant and within a
five-cent fare on the electric road. The
residents of Elmhurst took the matter up
and presented a petition" signed by nearly
every resident of the town, asking that
San Leandro be made the point of deliv
ery. The fight has now been won. and
hereafter express matter for Elmhurst
will be sent to San Leandro. >
DESPONDENT TAILOR
TRIES TO DROWN
OAKLAND. March 11.— While despond
ent from illness George Dierke, a tailor
residing at 614 Merchant street, San Fran
cisco, Jumped • Into the estuary from a
wharf opposite Brooklyn station this
morning. Dlerke"s suicidal act was wit
nessed by several boatmen, who pulled
the despondent tailor out of the water and
sent him to the City Prison to dry out.
Dierke said he had been suffering: for
several months from Intense pains in the
stomach. His troubles became unbear
able and this morning he came to Oak
land determined to end his agony by
drowning himself. After his rescue the
would-be suicide had changed his mind
and said he would try to live out his
allotted time. He is 6S years old and has
no family.
ToCHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Train Leaves San Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect wltb all limited
trains lor New York.
OVERLAND leaves San Francisco at 5:30
FYDDPtc: p. m. with Palace and Tourist
f\l •• %/ cars for Kansas City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tulare r>r» * r»
and Bakersfleld. KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
'FRISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Main
I K131.U OWWni 1531; Oakland, 1118 Broad-
way; Sacramento. 301 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
By H. D. ROWE, President City Council.
NO improvement on a permanent _*«*<ggsglSBss^
basis of the streets, parks, schools
and Roneral municipal condl- <£$&'¦• >*'?'% * '
tlons would be scoffed by those /l^^^^wiii^^^^^
who are to take our places in M'ooW^tuS^^^SS^^W^sk
this beautiful city of Oakland. M$M^F l '*^ k^Pl^^
To obtain such benefits by bonding £$§M%
means to distribute the taxation over $m§^iU
a long period of years, so that those J^ils/Sfe- ¦*&**&> »^M3RliiPi
who will reap the most frain by in- Jw^^gSF '^$K)r*sk* "' jßiS^ ,
crease in property values and the beau- vJw%/ 4 W& " ' '*^' N ' "
tifylng of the city will stand a large m *1&t aS*?^ % ; *'^/IP^I&lll
proportion of the widely distributed ig^^ip|HJflfe^
Bonds can he carried, say, forty ¦ &^^^HBHffiPfr" * 5
years at a minimum rate of interest. St&WßGmm?- ? ' ir^%^M
while the improvements to be had ?rom ''
the proper oxpendlture of money de- t^|&'&>-^H^P^ ¦^Jzss&3
rived therefrom can be very speedily V^iiMfc^^^v / >dk^o?W
The city is preatly in nred of better ' V
streets. We cannot <lo too much in the %J ?
way of street improvements. AVhilo we ' fif^^r
have a fair lot of sewers now in ser- % ,___ -' '"J: •'
\ ice, « nsiL iri^ ciiy pftr xioiiiflny ncocin ¦'¦nj"^*-^
Is a completed sanitary system, which
shall be built on most approved engi
n< A r ne K w City Hall, a City Receiving H « D - ROWE.
Hospital, independent of county con
trol, school-houses and wharves are Rmonfr the needs of Oakland. In my opin
ion all of these items are of importnnce. • As for parks, my ideas run to a se
ries or chain of large public sites connected by a system of boulevards.
There are many other features which could easily be discussed with rela
tion to the proposed bonding plans. Suffice ft to say that so far as I am
concerned I shall sunport any measures which I believe are favored by the
voters of the city. There cannot be too. firmly Impressed the desirability of
submitting a bonding scheme which shall meet public favor.
We cannot have too many permanent public improvements, because they
are of lasting benefit. Public spirit as manifested by the outward appearance
of a community is the key which opens the way- to prosperity of any munici
pality. No Improvement- we can now secure wil^be rejected "by the people of
this city in the future. <s,
DESERTED A HALF
DOZEN CHILDREN
E. A. Freeman and His Wife De-
liberately Abandon Their
Entire Family.
-OAKLAND. March 11.— A family of a
half-dozen children, one of the youngest
confined to its bed with pneumonia, de
serted by both parents, was found to
night at 1010 Twenty-sixth avenue and '•*-
ported to the police. The report was made
by neighbors, who said that the father, E.
A. Freeman, had left two weeks ago and
the mother on Saturday, and that since
then the children had been shifting for
themselves and that the sick child wus
without medical attendance. - '
The house was destitute of the ordinary
necessities of life, much less any of the
comforts.
E. A. Freeman, the father, Is a painter,
who has been working when he could get
a chance. He had hard luck during the
winter, and about two weeks ago he dis
appeared, leaving the entire burden of the
support of the family upon his wife. Mrs.
Freeman swore -to a complaint charging
him with falling to provide for his minor
children, but the warrant Is still un
served, for Freeman is out of the city.
Mrs. Freeman capped the climax by
dropping out of sight on Saturday, leav
ing the family to shift for itself. To
night, when she failed to return home,
the case was reported to the police as one
that needed their attention. Temporary
relief and medical aid having been fur
nished them, an effort will be * made to
nnd the parents to-morrow, and some
thing will be done for the care of the
children. The police »ay that this la a
case of flagrant desertion and that the
mother was seen in Oakland to-night.
been arranged by the Glee, Mandolin and
Banjo Clubs, which will be assisted by R
N. Tully, monologlst; Frederick S
Knight, tenor, and Charle3 E. Parcells'
violinist.
STATE MILITIA TO
HAVE AN ACCESSION
LIVERMORE, March 11.— The organiza
tion of the new militia company has been
completed so far as the roster Is con
cerned. The following are the members:
H. R. Crane. Fred Lassen. W. J. Connell.
William- Mclver, Mark Sanderson. John
R Hunter, J. O. McKown. D. F. Bernal,
Arthur Hicks, D. J. Murphy. J. F. Sum
mers. N. Fletcher, Frank Teeter. George
W" Meyers. H. W. Morrlll. William See
band. W. H. Galway. H. W. Hupers. A.
M. Hupers. W. F.. Bangs. A. J. McDon
ald Everette Horton. William Rees, Emit
Bardellini. Wltllam P. Thorn. M. Schoen
feld. J. H. Severin. A. E. Crane. R. P.
Aylward. E. J. Sweeney, F. Mally Jr.,
Albert Jacker. William • Weymouth. R.
P. Davis. Madison Beck, Rittner, Bram
mar. George E. Furbush. M. N. Crane. W.
P. Teeter. J. A. Teeter. D. F. Crane. B. E.
Carroll. William Harvey, B. F.Budworth,
H. H. Hachmnnn, S. M. Wilkinson. G. H.
Johnson. M. M. Draghl. A. L. Henry.
Fred Tretzell, Chester Young, D. R. Rees,
R. O. Rowley. M. S. Worden, W. H. Tay
lor, Edward Gerst.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
COAST DIVISION (Sarrorr ftm;«>).
(Foot of Market Street.)
MUTUAL BENEFIT
CLUB RECEIVES
OAKLAND. March 11.— The executive
board of the Mutual Benefit Club received
at a pretty tea yesterday afternoon at
the clubhouse, 1113 Jefferson street. The
rooms, which are extremely dainty in
thrlr furnishing, were lighted by yellow
ehades and were bright with wild poppies
and acacia_ Refreshments were served.
The board consists of Miss Lill'.e Brown.
Mrs. C. tV. Armes Jr., Miss Geraldine
Scupham. Miss Edith Larkey. Miss Mabel
Berry. Miss Mabel Gray. Miss Kitchener.
Mrs. H. G. Kerpan, Miss Anna Suther
land. Miss Gardiner. Miss Edith Dyer,
Mirs Belle Hunt and Mrs. William Mor
rison.
During the hours of the tea. which were
from 4 to 7 o'clock, a musiclal programme
was given. Those taking part were Miss
Love. Miss Cora Bailey, Miss Mary
Chester Williams. Miss Edith Phelps,
Miss Helen Hagar. Miss Scupham. Miss
Ethel Bates. Miss Grace Dawson and Miss
Canty; a member of the Girls' Club. There
vas a ;arge attendance of society people.
• • • * '
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Umphred enter
tained ten friends at cards Friday even
ing. The parlors of the Umphred home
were dec-orated in pink and green to re
ceive the guests and refreshments were
enjoyed after the game. The guests were
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Hunt. Mr. and Mrs.
V. L. Button, Mr. and Mrs. Walter J.
Edwards. Mr. and Mrs. William Hawkett
and Mr. and Mrs. Adams. Mrs. Hunt
vron the first ladies' prize and Mr. Adams
the first priz<? offered to gentlemen. Mr.
p.rjd Mrs. Hawkett will entertain the s\Tie
friends at an early date.
• • •
Ten young ladies gave an informal re
reption and bar.quet to a large list of
friends one evening of this week at En
terprise Hall, Twenty-second and Grove
Ftreets. The hall was beautifully deco
rated with smilax and acacia and the club
colors of the hostesses — blue and white.
Dancing and games were enjoyed, fol
lowed by a supper. Among those present
¦were: ? .
Miss Lydla Downtr.r. M!*» Mar Peter*, Hint
?Celll« McK*on. Miss rranrrc McKecn, Mlee
fia<!le Hallett. Mie» May V.Tilti, Mb» Lltife
Yotxi Mlm EttlU Gallagher. Mies Ethel Wll
]i«. il!»i Tlllle Barlow, Mis* Floreac* S^lbr.
MiM Marie Ca*e. lilt* Lottie FUz*eral<i. Mle»
Kmma FitzreraH. M!s» Julia Jacobs, the
M:s»ea Ctlnock, the Mlssts Wbalen. the Misses
Eiitcioca. Jli»» Connolly. Mlai Clark. M!s« Jen
nie Morr!«. M!*s Nora Cooper. Miss Bessie
Kelly, Mlra Leca Klr.iff«l. Mlea Madeline
Mathewa. Miss Minnie Hallett. Miss Alice
Fmlth. Mln E<*.!th Smith. Miss Ayrva. Mls«
Allen. Mm. Hall'tt. Mrs. McK«on. M™. Willis.
Mr. and Mrs. Gallarher. Mrs. Crux.
Messrs. Ed Baker. Dr. Baker. Will Fraser.
Will Gray. Jame* McK^on. Ceon?* Cunnlnr
ham Oorce Enrllsh. Itobert Mud»re. Henry
<~&stl*. Mr. Nelson, Lieutenant Burton. Lieu
tenant Bell. Ju>lre Croaby. Dr. Gelmaa, Jack
Pf«nlon Everett DowtJle. I>*n Hallahan, Fred
<~hifctenfien. Will Cllft. Arthur Muller. Fred
Mlmmer. Will Ma«rulre. Claude Phelan. Pro
fessor IVinaJdson O*ort;e Dsvles. U. 8. S. Pen
fapola- Kdwarf Pen-in. Fred Archer, Will An
drews' Dr. McCarthy. O*cre:e Bayley. Tom
Moone'y. Ed Flanlran. Fred Laufler, AI Xc-
Oven Will a&ll*eher. Frank Breed. Wallle
T)arrow B»™1 Armlerot. Charles Aek»r»on. Oren
TV>wn!ni? Ed White. Dave Selby. Will Ander
eoa and Will Waller.
• • •
Miss Marietta Havens, who goes abroad
rhortly. was th" ruest of honor Friday
night at a luncheon given by Miss Jane
KawlJnm. The tab!" was yellow, butter
cups belne empi^vM. The guests includ
ed th" Misses Hush. Miss Sadie Hale.
Miss Havens. Miss Pauline Fore^ Miss
I>enm»in of San Francisco. Miss Cheever
¦of Lob Anpeles. Miss Grace Baldwin, the
Mipse* de Frenrry. Mrs. Oscar Gowing.
Mrs. Irving Lundberg.
SABBATH DISCOURSES
IN OAKLAND PULPITS
OAKLAND. March 11.— Mrs. M. G. Ed
holm delivered addresses to-day at the
First Baptist Church and the Shattuck
avenue Methodist Church upon her york
in rescuing wayward girls.
Rev. Joseph H. Smith of Philadelphia is
conducting revival meetings at the First
Methodist Church. There will be preach
ing afternoon and evening on Monday end
Tuesday, with an all-day meeting begin
ning "Wednesday morning at 9:30 o'clock.
Rev. Bradford Leavltt of San Francisco
occupied the pulpit of the Berkeley First
Unitarian Church to-day.
Mrs. M. N. Graves, national organizer
of the Woman's Christian Temperance
Union, gave an address to-day at *.he
men's service of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association.' ' ¦ - ' t
"The Wanton Disregard for the i^aw'
was the subject of a discourse this even-
Ing by Rev. Charles R. Brown at the
First Congregational Church.
Rev. Robert F. Coyle preached to-day In
the First Presbyterian Church on "Th-J
Give and Take of Life."
Rev A. W. Rider officiated to-day at the
First ' Baptist Church.
Rev. John A. Emory, archdeacon of the
diocese, conducted morning services to
day at St. Andrew's Episcopal Church.
Lieutenant Colonel William Brewer,
editor in chief of the Salvation Army pub
lications in the United States, will det'ver
an address next Sunday evening at tn«
First Unitarian Church on the practical
work of the army.
BERKELEY. March 11.— The new Sunday-school
rooms of the First Presbyterian Church, Ellsworth
and Austin streets, were dedicated this morning. Rev.
H. C. Minton. D. D., conducted the dedicatory exer
cises and told of the position that the members of the
congregation should occupy toward the Sunday
school. He said if the young people were given a good
example and always had the proper environment, they
would be molded into good Christians.
C. P. Hoag, superintendent of the Sunday-school, gave
the history of the school. He showed that under its ex
cellent management and the great interest shown in it
by the congregation, it had grown from a small school to
one of the largest In the vicinity.
Miss Edith Russell sang the offertory, and after a
sketch of Sunday-school work by Mr. Harry Hilliard, the
hymn "Onward, Christian Soldiers," was sung: and the
dedicatory exercises closed. This church now has one of
the most modern auditorium arrangements upon this side
of the bay. The new Sunday-school rooms will seat 500
people and are so arranged that they can be thrown into
the main auditorium, giving a total seating capacity to
the church ot 1000 people. The new addition contains the
pastor's study, cloak rooms and a kitchen in the basement,
to be used when entertainments are given. The cost of
the entire building was $24,000. which was raised. by vol
untary subscription. Rev. H. C. Minton. the pastor of this
church, has brought it to a high position among the
churches of the denomination. He has added largely to
its membership, increased the interest and attendance,
and has built the new edifice which was finally completed
to-day.
BONDING NECESSARY FOR IMPROVEMENTS.
REV. B. F. MILLS
WILL REMAIN AN
OAKLAND PASTOR
Announces His Acceptance
From the Pulpit of His
Church.
A Series of lectures Is Being Ar
ranged Upon Municipal Affairs
by Prominent Gentlemen
of Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 11.
Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills made a formal
acceptance to-day of the call to the pulpit
of the First Unitarian Church for one
year, with the prospect that the pastor
ate will be continued far beyond that
period.
In. announcing his acceptance Rev. Mr.
Mills referred in a —• neral way to the
work he expected to accomplish in the
church. He said his efforts would be to
help his congregation to be happier and
:o strengthen them In the battle of life.
After the services the clergyman received
warm greetings from the members of the
church, who congratulated him and them
selves upon the renewed associations.
Mr. Mills, according to the arrange
ments he has with the trustee?, will only
be required to preach Sunday mornings.
An important programme has been ar
ranged for Sabbath evenings. A series of
lectures and addresses on municipal af
fairs is to be given by prominent citizens
of Oakland, looking toward a stirring of
interest In civic reform in all the depart
ments of municipal government.
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Utrong Assertions as to Just What
the Remedies Will Do.
-^«C!t>i Mtmyon guarantees'
nSw^'H/^ >ba > bl* Rheumatism
'^^mSlali'raiKTOi Cnre wlll c ' :ra nearly
ASSSeSf f gKA-Si all cise* of rheuma-
fcgT* 1 * 32 ' 2 **^ tlsm la a few hours;
Jjr \jSa that his Dyspepila Cure
wL JsfOjfl "111 care l£dls«attoa and
%t# - ? •^¦py til Ktmaacb troubl'i;
«| ai^ffi^ir that -his Kldary Cura
| r ' V" yS&ff ¦ *U1 cure -00 per cent.
/mkikihf ** *" esses of kidney
\ trouble; that his Ca-
JL ( ."' xSb,i9 tarrh Cur« will cnre
jin^W)ij|ffia^. catarrh no matter hoir
m^pJ^^^rViSSmPS,. Ion I standlcf; that his
Headache Car* will rare
*M l JSt* ¦¦J' kln<l of headache In
j IF ' ew m!nutci : that
,»"•-¦" hli Cold Cur* will
quickly break op any
ten of cold and so on through the entire list of
remedies. At all druggist*. 25 rents a Tlal.
If jou need medical adrlc* write Prof. Munyon,
IBOS Arch it.. Phlla. It la absolutely free.
BERKELEY PRESBYTERIANS'
SUNDAY-SCHOOL DEDICATED
STUDENT ESCORT
TO THE REMAINS
OF THE CARTERS
Bodies of. the Dead Brothers
Are Sent to the Old
Home at Byron.
Three Members of tie University
Freshman Class Ait as Fall-
Bearers at the Double
Funeral.
?
BERKELEY. March 11.— Escorted by
fifty students of the freshman class of the
University of California, the remains of
Charles Carter and his brother Alexander
were taken from the family residence nt
2111 Rose street this morning to the South
ern Pacific 3tation at East Berkeley, for
shipment to the Carters' former home at
Byron, where the remains of the brothers
were interred this afternoon.
Three students accompanied the Dodles
to Byron, where they acted as pallbearers
and a? representatives of the clasa of
which Charles Carter was a popular mem
ber. These pallbearers were Robert SUi
iey. president of the class: Charles Bailey
and J. T. Barry. The class sent a flnr.il
tribute In. the shape of a large pillow with
the monogram "U. C." worked In blue and
gold.
Many other friends of the dead brothers
sent tributes of respect, and everything
possible was' done to soften the blow
which has fallen so heavily upon the fam
ily.
Mr. and Mrs. Carter are so prostrated
from the shock of the tragedy that they
have been constantly under the care of
phyelclans. Charles Carter waß'the :"Ol: "Ol
of his parents, who were making •every
sacrifice to- give, him a university educa
tion. He was a manly, clean-cut young
student, and his untimely death has
caused a deal of sympathy to go forth to
the stricken parents and sisters.
The Carters will probably give up their
home In Berkeley in order to get away
from the scenes which would recall daliy
the awful tragedy which has blighted
their lives.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAJN * KAJSCISUO CALL; MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1900.
WANT TO SERVE
THE PEOPLE OF
ALAMEDA TOWNS
Approaching Elections at
San Leandro, Haywards
and Pleasanton.
Many Contests cf Local Interest to
the Citizens of Municipalities in
the Interior — Marshal a
Favorite Office.
HATWARbS, March 11.— The town elec
tion ¦will be held on April 9. and the can
didates for the various positions are near
ly all in the field. The greatest tan.de
is over the Trusteeships. A. J. Powell an-1
John Haar have both resigned, and while
Powell refuses to reconsider his resigna
tion. Haar may do so. M. C. Peterse.i
will be a candidate for re-election. C W.
Heyer and H. E. Brunner have each re
fused to again be candidates, though they
may reconsider. T. H. Martin may be *
candidate. There will be several candi
dates for Town Clerk— James A. Coliii.<s.
the incumbent. John A. Obermuner. A. E.
Fischer and J. D. Smalley. Ei Ha-uj 's
the only candidate yet announced for
Town Treasurer. W. j. Ramapc will hay?
opposition for Town Marshal this year In
Joseph Wrede. George Oaks. G. Tovno
and F. F. Allen are candidates for Libra
ry Trustees.
SAN LICANDRO. March 11.— There v.ill
be some little contest over the Town Trus
tee Hection this year, the contest hin^ui*
en the recent removal of J. E. Qulnn from
the office of Town Recorder. Mr. Qu'na
is now a candidate for Town Trustee, to
pether with H. F. Eber. John Driver. M.
% . RHterand W. F. Cunning-ham. For Town
Clerk V. H. and D. W. TofTtl
rr.ier will contest. M. Borge will try an.l
win the office of Town Marshal, now ht'.d
I.v M. ilelsenhoffer. who Is apain a candi
date. J. A. Cunha wants the position of
Town Treasurer. as» against Joseph Horr
p^her. L. J. Martin has withdrawn iatm
ihe fight for Clerk and will not be a oaa-
Cidp.te for any office.
PLEASANTON. March 11.-The most
important fight at the coming- municipal
election will be for the office of Civ:n
Marshal. E.i Head, the present Marshal,
•wi!! xpain be a candidate, while
I.yf.T and Jack Stevens will try an.i
wrest it from him. J. H. Neal has no
candidate apalnst him for Town Clerk, in
position he has held ever since the 'own
v.-a.« organized. E. L. Benedict has a* yet
no opposition for Toim Treasurer. T'rrce
ranfi'.date^ for Town Trustees hay« been
p.nr.ounced. Joseph Xevls. Hugh A. 3m
c:a!r and C. If. Schmeer.
Musical Club's. Concert.
BERKELEY, March 11.— The 'second •of
a series of concerts by the musical dubs
of the University of California will be
given In Hearst Hall to-morrow afternoon
at 4 o'clock. An elaborate programme h**
Returned to Ione School.
OAKLAND. March 11.— On complaint of
hl» mother. John Grtffln. recently paroled
from the Preston School of Industry at
lone, •was returned to that Institution to
day. The youth had been keeping - bad
company since he was given conditional
freedom.
A new standard of strength and light ;
without a peer in brilliancy, durability,
and economy. Costs 50c. and is 50 per
cent, cheaper than any other mantle.
8 ' Try it and see. . '
LSAt ¦ — TROY FEBJtCAKT 23, IXO. — AKJIIVK
•-:©•*. Benlda, Snisun, Elmira. V*«TlUe,
Kumaeyaml Sacramento *7»1 3 p
•7:O4UEhs*U Eiprtes— D»t!s. Willows,
Be.l Bluff, Portend *7t43r
•7iSOa MirtiDtz. .laulttinon.VAUejo. Nupa,
Caliatoga ami Santa Rosa *otlsp
•S:3o* The Overland I.i nit eJ— O.-doa, Den-
fer, OmalA Chica^j ) *3tl3r
•Hi.-tO * San Jose. I.iTrrnjore, Htitck Con, '
lone, Hacraineutiv PlxcerrUle.
M«rjsTUlc. Chlco. ltedßluff Mil.lr>
•»i3«.\ 'Milton, Oakdale.bonora. Carters... Mtiar
•»:UOa UaynarJs, Nik sand \V«y KUtlnus. •Il:«3*
•0:OO a D*»i*. Woodland. Knights Landing-,
MiryaTillo, t)TOTUIe, »^i43»
• »:«O* Atlantic Kipress— ©zden and East # »»«3a,
•9:OOa Martinez, Tracy, laUucp. Btockton,
Merced acdVresno. »12:13p
• U:uu * Port Costa, Frcsuo. Mojare ami Ix>s
AiiKelr* •«i - 1 »»'
• I Os*><> \ ValleK llaitlnes and Way Statioas *0:43r
*11:OOa NQes, lAtetmore, Stockton, bacra-
meuto. MeuOcta, Ilaoford. Visalia.
Pcrterrlflß Msl3p-
• 1 2*00* Uaywanls. Niles and Way Stations. »2>43r
1 1 :«Or> Sacramento Illf er Sfenmors t»sOOp>
•SiOOr Caywarda, Nilcs and Way Stations. •3:43p
• liuor Marllucx. Hau Itaraoii. Vallejo.
N»r*. CalUtoen. Kautit ROM •OtlSa
•liour n- nlcla. Vicaville. Bacrauiento,
Womllaml, KnichU 1.-»u«l!ii».
MarysTille, Oro»i»» •Iws4.l*
MsSOpNtles.BanJomaudStocktoa *7ilSr
•3:4M»rTho Owl Limited— Tracy. Fierao. _
Bikersaelil. haujus for Santa Uar- •"
baras I-os Amelet «1«s-I3a.
o3sOO? Suoset LLxited-Kl Piao, New Or-
liansand East «l«>t3A,
•3i3op StucktOD. Mtrce.l. Fresno »ia»la»
•S:UOr Kr«-iiio, llakentielil. BauU ISarhars,
Ix>s Angrlea, DemlDK. £1 Puo,
Naw (Ulf a us and East *8>43 A.
•3iS*r «»ut » ho ICoute— AtlauUo Eipress
fnrMojiivo ami Kast *0t4.1p
•0:OOp nay warda, Niles and fclan Jose •Js-I.l*.
1«:HOr Vailejo «l«il3e
•ttiStfr Oriental Mail— CsJen, Cheyenne,
Omaha. Ch'.cigs *t*43^
•«*3oy Oriental ii*il — Oguen, DenTtr,
Omaha, Chiewa »4U»»
JTiOOp Valicjo. Fuit Coata and Way Bu-
tlons J9«33r
•SiS3r Oi«(o»and Califcml* Kjprriw.Hae-
rMtiento. Xlsrjsrill*. Kn-Mlm:.
r..rH«.i.l. fug..* Hr.tmil mill I.ant »«»IB<,
Pllp? WONDERFUL
RUF»XURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOWNED
"Magnetic Elastic Truas" Dr. Pierce gave to
the public the most remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the euccenatul treatment of Her-
nia, or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers have
been permanently relieved and radically CCKED
by this great appliance, and thousands of others
are now on the road to complete recovery. This
Truss) is different from all others. It does the
work !
You can ret our "BOOKLET No. 1" by call-
ins; at the office, or it will be sent on receipt of
a 2-cent stamp. It tells all about this Truss.
Address.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
6SO Market Street Palace Hotel).
. . San Francisco.
Eastern Office— New York City.
•S:!".*
Boulder Crrck,&acta>CruzandWaj
stations *aia»»
fXslSr Newark. C'eotorTllle, Ban Jcae, New
Aluiadcu, Felton, Ronlder Crreir.
SanU Cruz and Principal Way
B'atlonn f' 9^**-
•lililr Newark. 8«n J«w>, Los G^tos. # 9:SO*.
',1 ItfSr Unnttrs' Kzcunicn, 6an Joco and
WaySUMons t7i»»y
: ; CREEK ROUTE FERRY. »
-ram SIX FRi^CISCO— TttI of Harkit Streit (3!b 8)—
•7:15 0:00 11:00*.M. 11:03 *2:33 t3:33
•i:O3 15:53 •SiOSr.M.
/rtmOtlUSS— rHl*rßru4«*j.— "C:oo 8:00 I0:0Oa.M.
|13:C3 *1:33 12.C3 *3:C3 Ji:o3 '8:30 P.M.
t'»: lUa Ooo»ii View, South Man FranciacoT. \*tZ»i
*7:O«A bavu Joa» nml TV«y Stations (New
Almadeu WediMMdajsoulj) •t«l»»
•OiOO* Man Jijae. Trrs l'luoa. H.mta Cruz,
Paeina Oroie. l'ui) llables, ban
l.nli Ou!*iM>, Surf. Lompoc and
rrinclpnl W*V St.ttoiis Uifr
•in« lO* s>mi Jnas ami Wnjr Htatlnna *«iS94
•I Itao* SaJi Jixa mnl Way ftutlous *BtSo>>
f*: Jr»r Ban AUteo, K-drrocxl, Meslo Tarlc, -
Palo A Ho. Saata Clara, San Joao,
Tres Plnos. B»uta Crux. Salinas,
llonterry ai»| I'aelflo Grata fIOsSAA
t»iS»p 9an Jose an.l Way Stations *7i3op
tltlSrßanJoasaml Principal Way Station* *0:43 l
. f.VOOr Aaa.loaoandPrineipal Way Butions t!):O»i
•»:3«p Sin .7<i3« ami PrlDeinal Way Stations *Bi33*»
•<i::«»rS*:i.lc«ean,| WayStationa t*;Oo*
bllM.-ir 3at» Jrm.n.l W»y .Stations "TsaOp
A for Monilnj • P for Afternoon.
* Dally. f .-mu.Hy excited. J buuday only.
6 Saturday cn'jr.
a Tuesdiys snd Fridays « Tboradsys «nd Snndaya.
"CALIFORNIA Na»THWESTE£N IT. CO.
LESSHE
SAN 'FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Market SC
SAN FRANCISCO TO* BAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 7:39. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 15:35,
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Bxtra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— I:OO, S:3O, 11:00 a. m.; l:Ot 1:30,
8:00, t.ZO p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 4:IO, 7:50. •:». 11:18 a. m.: 13:45.
3:40, 5:10 p.* m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:65 and 1:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS-S:li>. »:40, UJ9 a. m.; 1:10. J:4O. 5:05.
• :IS p. m
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen ParH
same schedule as above.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Perry.
Commencing October 1. 1999.
FROM SAN" FRANCISCO TO MXLL VALLBT
'AXV SAN RAPAffL.
WEEK DAYS- •f:W, •«:». U:00 a. m.; «1:«5,
•S:«, 6:15. «:00. 6:SO p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Vallay and Saa Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at S:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. 10:00, ni:3s a. m.; 1-.U,
1:15. «4:«. «:*>. J:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TOYSAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:15. »«:S5. ":43. *»:40 a. m.;
•1J:SO. !:15. »S:4O. •8:1* p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:». "8:00. 10:08. 11:45 a. m,;
1:40. •S:l5. 4:45. HM d. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FF.OM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. «:«, 7:65. »:45 a: m.;
12:35, 2:25. 3:45. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at T:CO and 10:20 d. m.
SUNDAYS— «:O6. 10:C5 a. m.; 12:65. t:l5, 3:30.
5:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m.'week days— Cazadero and way stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way stations.
1:00 a. xn. Sundays— Tomales and way stations.
?:» am! 1:00 ami Sebaatopol. 110:40 am V>:t& arr»
3:30 pm| t:Qopm| | 7:55 pm «:» pia
Stages connect at Santa Roaa for Mark West
Sprtnrs and Whit* Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton. Springs; at Geyßervule for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop*
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Sprints,
Kelßeyrllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vlchr
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Laka. "Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pom©.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Rlverslds. Uerley's.
Bucknell's, Saruisdrln Heights, Hullvllle, Orf*
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Braxg.
Westport, Usal. Wlllitts. LaytonvHla. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dysr,
Scotia and Eureka.
: Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rM
duced rates. • ! ! >*jc*
On Sundar r> ¦•d-trlD tickets to all point*
beyond San Rifn»i at half rates.
Ticket Of flees.. ScO Market St.. Chrontele bid*.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RTAN.
1 " General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
7
Alameda OAKLAND Berkeley NEWS of the Bay Cities
H. D. ROWE.GIRL for housework. Apply 61 Cumberland st.
between Nineteenth and Twentieth. Guerrero
, and Dolores, before 11 a. m..~ after «.p. m. ¦-.._¦
WANTED— A competent rlrl to do general
housework and cooking; small family. Call
at 418 Lombard st. '
WANTED— A neat young Klrl to assist In
housework: four In family: wages $15. Apply
1307 Waller st. Monday, bet. 9 and 12 a, m.
GOOD girl 15 to 17 years old to assist In house-
work and 2 children. Call at 18S0 Mission st.
12 to 2 p. m. ,-.- -
COMPETENT German or , Scandinavian girl
that understands cooking and housework.- 317
Larkln st. . -¦-•*- - *
WANTED— GirI for general housework; must
understand cooking; wages $25. -..Apply 116
Broderick «t.
¦FINISHERS nnd apprentices on custom coats.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. Ml Market St.
FIRST-CLASS help In ladles' tailoring. VER-
¦i PIER, 944 Oeary.st. ¦¦¦ \ . --. ¦ --'¦¦¦- r :; : :
GIRL waitress wanted to wait at, table, with
experience In reataurant 413 Pine st. ' .
WAITRESS wanted. 608 . Seventh rt.
COLORED woman wishes day's work or wash-
Ing to take home. Address box 4405, Call.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes a position
as housekeeper, either city or country. . ¦ 860
Clay st. bet. 7th and Bth. Oakland.
WANTED— Engagements to show best bust de-
veloper known; living testimonials to Indorse
all 1 claim; also scalp and hair treatment;
references If desired. Box 4434. Call office.
REFINED young girl wishes situation as oom-
panion to elderly lady or take full charge of a
child; best references. Address box 2722, Call,
Oakland. ¦ ' ;- :¦> - , ¦¦-*¦-¦
GERMAN girl '-• wants position for general
housework. BS6^ Harrison -st •"
INVALID'S nurse. exDeriance, kind and pa-
tlent. desires position. 465 McAllister st . •
GOOD washer and Ironer wants family wash-
Ing to do at her own home.;. Apply 515 McAl-
lister st, entrance Ash aye.
GOOD girl, about 15, for companion and assist
light housework in family of two. Apply
after 5, ID4 Clinton Park. '. -j
ABOUT 13.0C0 feet pine lumber; as good as new.
28 ridden Gate aye.
THOROUGHBRED Irish setters, fancy pigeons;
prices reasonable. Glen-ore Kennels, 2QU
Linden st. Oakland.^
LARiGE~dog: kind to his master, hard oti
thieves- al*o several fine pointers and set-
ters Can be sc^n at FRED CUEHE'S. 58W
M I sslon road.
BELGIAN hares, thoroughbred p*<l!gree<l. from.
the best strains In America. MAX STREI-
CHER. 1310 E. 27th st.. Loj Angeles. Cal.
CHEXP- 1 horizontal boiler and vertical engine;
10-horse power lifjucr and water steam pumps,
used 1 year. 1U First st. -
FOR sale— Windmill, deep well pump and wat-
er pipe; cheap. 703 San Bruno ay*. 1,
YEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. ISB Market »t
CHEAP high-arm tailoring machine complete.
577 Natoma st.. near Seventh.
i a— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe; snartlng. pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 21fi Spear tt.
CASH registers, second-hand, of every de-
scription bought ' sold, exchanged and re-
paired. 1309Nl_slonj^J>eJuJ!Clntha^
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $1 50. BACIGALUPI.
923 Market st. San Francisco.
A' FINE suit. $1">: dress pants. $2 7*; .BROWN
BROS.. Clothing. 437 Montgomery st
A 5 If. P. double cylinder marine gas engine,
almcst new: complete. 516 Mission St.
10.000 FETET r.ew rubber belting, half price.
P.OBT. BRAND «: CO.. 327 Thlrd-«t. Oakland.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fir-proof safe; 1 fire, and bure
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main «t
A l lO-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and bur-
glar proof safe. !18 California st
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 7J. Pop-
ular Price Hattera. 330 Kearny at. nr. PUu,
"•.','. LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— GoId-filled watch and chain at Cliff
House. -Return- to 429-Vallejo st. and receive
reward.. • •. . . -.. ¦ : - -
FOUND— lrish water spaniel (bitch) pup, hav-
ing San ¦ Francisco license. Address E.
SPRAGUE, 1 821 Pacific aye.. Alameda.
LOST^GoM eyeglasses, vicinity of Hayes and
Franklin. Return to 909 Broadway: reward.
; LADY'S purse, near Laguna st and Golden
Gate aye.. containing, s3o in sold. Return to
- SO5- Van Ness aye. : reward. .
• ¦ V ¦¦ 1 '..'»¦¦ MISJIICAL.
DR^TGOpiTwiN.-the well-knownTadles^nysU
clan, formerly of 401' Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge: guaranteed
treatment ,s3; -safe and reliable cure In one
day;. 15. years', successful practice In S. F.;
maternity home; low fees. .1007% Market st.
DR. G., WV 6' DOXN ELL. the world-renowned
ladles', specialist; safe an<l reliable; has prac-
ticed ln.s>. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
' home;.consultation'free: success guaranteed.
Write or. call at 1023»i Market st.
DR." NG TOY KEE. late of Canton, China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento »t., cor-
ner, of; Kearny: all diseases and ailments
! cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice -free: office hours, 10 a. m. to 12 m.,
2t05 p. m.. and, 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR.- WYETH.- reliable specialist; home
in 1 confinement: 'guaranteed treatment at of-
fice.- $s; 'any. ailment: consultation free. 942
Post st.;between Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. __KOHL., ladles' . specialist— Gcar-
anteed treatment. at' office. $3: safe and re-
1 liable; consultation free. -1122 Market st. bet.
Mason, and Taylor; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR. and: MRS. DAVIES.' 122S'Market: ladies'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific, methods; cure guaranteed: treatment . ss.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st.. the eminent
female specialist; home or of flea treatment $3.
NOTICE Is hereby given that I will sell at
public auction to the highest bidder tar cash.
lawful money of the United States^ on
WEDNESDAY, the 14th day of March. 190* «t
11 o'clock a. m.. at Sullivan &. Do*!* *•.
Sixth St.. city and county of San Francis™.
ONE HORSE, the property of S. JACOBS.
pledged tr> P. G. SOMPS. o f^^f-«.
(Signed > *• "¦ SOjIPS.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WOMAN cook for Cape Nome; see party here.
C. R. lIANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. •
A-2 COOKS. $35 and $30 ; house work. San Ra-
fael, $25; Oakland, $25; Alameda. $36; Berke-
ley. $25: mothar and daughter, cook and tee-
ond girl. $25, country; cook. Menlo Park. -$3O;
4 Becond girls, city and country, $25 and .0;
chambermaid and seamstress, $25: 2 boarding-
house cooks, $35 and $30; 10 hotel waitresses.
$20; 4 chambermaids to wait, 1 meal. $»0; i
restaurant waitresses. $6 and $7 each: 10 yirung
girls, light housework. $12 and $15. city and
country. MISS CULLKN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN nurseglrl, $15; second girl. $20; cook.
$25; 50 housework girls, $23 and $20; woman to
cook for 15 men. $20; boarding-house, cook, $25
to $30; waitress. $13 to $18: 2 houseglrls. Los
Gatos. J25 each. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
WANTED— A healthy, educated Protestant girl
for light duties where there is another ser-
vant; good reader; sleep home preferred; $10.
710 Leavtnworth st, after 9 a. m. .
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants to do house-
work in small family: good cook and plain
washer. 20 Eleventh st.
UELP WANTED-FEMALE.
cTrThANSEN & CO....PHONE~GRANT ISS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitresses for Woodland, Fresno, Lathrop,
Gait, Hanford and city, $20 and $25; 4 restau-
rant waitresses, $6; 2 lunch and dinner wait-
resses. $5; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20:^2
chambermaids. $15: 2 fancy Ironers. Coronado
Beach, see party here, > $30; 2 women cooks,
; $ss F XMiLY-DEi^RTMENT-:::::::::::
Second girl and assist with children, $20;
colored second girl. $20: woman to cook for 3
men, $20; cooks, Alameda, San Rafael city.
$25; cook. Santa Clara, $20; cook, mining town.
. $20: houseglrl. Mill Valley, $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary b£.
A HOTEL housekeeper; one who has been
housekeeper in a large, first-class hotel for
years; wages, $40 to $30.' . Apply .to C it.
HANSEN in person. 104 Geary st.
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS
Cooks $50, $40. J35, $30. 123 and found
12 waiters $35. $32, $30. $25. $20 and found
fi dishwashers; 1 porter; 2 ironers; 2 washers;
6 boys for stores and butchers' wagons: milk
wagon drivers; 4 bakers; bushelmen; coat and
pants makers: young man for delicacy store,
$40 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
FARMS .. DAIRIES ..CHORES .. STABLE 3
47 farm orchard and vineyard hands for dif-
ferent places $30. $26, $25. $20 and found
32 milkers and butter makers $30. $25 and fd
16 choremen and boys $20. $15, $10 and found
7 stablemen, city and. country —
$50. $40 and $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH for ranch $30 and found
" Harnessmaker for ranch $26 and found
MURRAY & READY. C 34 and 636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'5 ....104 Geary »t.
Wanted Monday morning at 7:30, with
blankets, ready to start, 50 teamsters and
laborers for the Coast Railroad In Santa
Barbara Co., $1 75 to $2 a day: free fare;
bring your blankets ready to go on train....
20 laborers for sawmills and woods. $26 and
found, fares paid; engineer, $2 a day; 2 ship
carpenters, $3 a day; 2 ship Joiners. $3 a day;
cabinet-makers. $2 a day; 2 drillers, country.
$60; 6 coopers, country: 20- woodchoppers,
redwood, 75c a cord; 6 teamsters for an
orchard, J26 and board: 3 farmers for fruit
ranch. $1 a day and board: Danish farmer:
10 tlemakers. 13c a tie; 4 farmers. $20; 6
milkers. $30 and $25; young man to drive de-
livery wagon, $25
First-class barkeeper, country hotel. $60
and found; all-round laundryman, country,
$50; Ironer and starcher and run No. 9 Troy,
$40: dishwashers and kltchenhands. $20. $23
and $30. C. R. HANSEN "& CO.. 104 Geary.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work of any
kind to take home: flannels and baby dresses
a specialty, ill McAllister st.
GERMAN-AMERICAN -widow wishes 3 or 4
days' work a week or half a day every day.
Call at 17A Rausch st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
"BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAX. 1017-1019-IC2I-1023 MUsloa
st. above Sixth. -' ; '¦ " : '" -'
SX'PERIOP. violins, tlthers. old and new. H,
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
work: good cook; wages from $20 to $25. Call
at 362 Eleventh st, near Harrison; no postal
cards answered.
NEAT Swedish woman wants housework In
small family; good cook: references; wages
not less than $20. Box 3001,' Call office.
FINE Fischer & Steinway upright: sacrifice!!.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary rt
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Furniture of 8 housekeeping rooms;
bargain: nicely furnished; r«nt whole house
If desired. 309 Hyde, from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
ELEGANT furniture of 7 rooms: separate
pieces or as a whole. 1235 Golden Gate aye.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak lor $45 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. '. 127-1131 Market.
DON'T buy: rent a new piano. $S per month.
SCOTT-CUIITAZ PIANO CO.. 860 Hayes St.
W G. BADGER. 412 Pacram ento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & gavla piano*.
GERMAN woman, good cook, wishes light
housework: $10. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
A— FIRST-CLASS second girl desires situation;
good seamstress: best of refs.; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAS LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPEKT. 773 Mission st, pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
PUNO cheap and 6 rooms of furniture; must
be sold: no dealers. 2810 A Howard st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— tJSnO; CORNER taloon; established many
years and doing a rurhing business; choicest
location; only 2 blocks north of Chronicle
building- rent $7."i; owner going East. Call
H. <J. WILKE. Kl6 Market St.
A— l*so; COFFEE paloon and restaurant; 1 block
from corner Powell and Market sts.; rent $«0;
dally receipts 140; 3 living rooms. See 11. G.
WILKE. if* Market St.
3 STEINWAYS. 2 Chlckertngs, 1 Sora iner. I
Vose & Sons: 5 Heines; store r>pen evealnje.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 13S Ellis st
A FEW pianos will be sold for «^ r »«?»* "fa
tlon prices: dirt cheap for cash. WILt>O:» 8
Storage. 1710 Market st.
MOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
KEGULAR tl 50 boys' shoes, all sizes 95 cts
P.egular SI 25 ladies' oxford ties 85 cts
• "hildrenp kid. lace or button, sizes S to 11.75 c
Pcojilf's Shoe Store. 1303 Etktn. nr. B'dway.
600 PAIRS drummers' sample shoes at manu-
facturer's cost. J. Kohlbecher. 145 Fourth st
R H WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st
25 rooms; $400 cash; Market st $700
40 rooms: rent $100; good furniture 1750
63 rooms: rent $100; money maker 1200
105 rooms; corner; clears $200; only 1300
LODGING-HOUSE BUYERS. ATTENTION !
Genuine bargains: honest value: money
loaned buyers: , no- FAKE prices advertised.
Before buying go to SCHWEINHARD & CO..
room 2. 917 Market St.. opposite Mason.
$I*s—ll ROOMS: near Market; all rented:
must sell. BASILE. 3 Eddy st
NW. COR. Sutter and Scott; finest flat In city
for the price: Investigate: 6 large rooms and
large glazed porch: appreciated if seen.
TO LET— $l7; 7 rocms; modern Improvements:
sunny corner. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON A
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 \ *-
' lencia st. . '>'"¦-—.»¦*" ¦-—.»¦*
HOUSES LODGINCJ FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.' 7I9 Market, near Call bldg.
12 rooms; fine: near Emporium; rent $36.. $4'JO
6 9 12 14, It. 22. S2 and 10<> rms. ; S. of .Market.
14 rooms; on Ellis st: table board; good. 550
18 rooms; houeekpg; vlll trade for farm. 425
16 rooms; on Jones st.: central: full.. &<»
25 rms.; on Market; $400 cash. $350 1 pr ct. 750
37 rooms; new; one floor: rent $2 50: $SSO; will
take cart cash and . small house In part
2« P roomY; corner; N. of. Market; full: bargain.
65 rooms: No. 1 in every way; central... 2600
50 rooms: fine corner; Income $400 2SOO
84 rooms; clears $30»; fine location 6aOO
9-ROOM hotel; bar: family resort: clears $100
month; $4CO. M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore.
BELGIAN HARES.
ROSEMONT F.afcbitry. 56 Maple court, off 14th.
sheve Guerrero— Pedigreed Los Angeles stock.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— Bey or girl to board: from 8 to 13
years old. cood home in private family; no
cth»-r children: references. 1512 Mission st
WANTED— SmaII child to board; best of care;
jro.Ki home. 3GS Fell rt.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ne»«. xrk *¦ flrlvine- hufWi. Hth and Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work I
fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat- |
Ing Works. 853-357 Tehama ft; tel. S. 40.
CITY 6te*m Carpet-beating ¦ Works. G. IL
BTEVENS. mgr.. 38-40 Eth tt.: tel. South HO.
3 McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
"45J Stevenson rt.l tel. South «S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 8 Eighth St.; tel. Je»»le 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
tt.: cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 40! gutter st;
tel. Msln 3J4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor. ;
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: te'^Dhone East 126. '
ARE you In need of a piano? We have a largs
assortment of new and second-hand pianos of
the best makers"; sold for cash or very easy
payments: t* <iown and $<> per month for aa
¦ elegant new upright: some good pianos for
$3 $4 and $."> per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
** CO. Steinway dealers, corner Sutter and
Kearny sts.. San Francisco; corner Thirteen;h
and Broadway. Oakland.
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
sumed practice at 503 Cal. »t. ClunlV bldg.
L P CLARK. Err. ma Fpreckeis bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket rt.: mnFUltaticr free: no fees In advance.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
MATH CABINETS THERMAL.
ROBINSON $5 4-panel folding: see It before
buying. W. S. BROWN. Coast Agt.. 428 Ellis.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore tt.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at l'"3 Polk st: open until 9 p. m.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
ro fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 650 Market cor. Stocktn.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale, cheap; every-
thing in first-class order. Address box 33SL
Call orflce.
A GREAT SALE OF
. PIANOS — — — ?
PIA X O S ¦ '.*_
Entire Stock of , 1
HAMTLTOX-BAXCROFT COW\ ,
Co— Matins of .
ETEIXWAY. ~
CHICKERING.
__ v WEB H^rx ES not-
BUSH A GERT3,
• ELLIXGTOX.
HAMILTOX.
AND OTHEPJ.
PP.ICES FROM $50 UPWARD.
SNAPS FOR BUYERS.
BYRON MAUZY.
30S-310-212 POST ST.
$75— BRANCH bakery and candy store, with
living rooms. 43S Third st
FINANCIAL.
CAPITAL furnished on first-class mining pro-
position. F. H. MORSE. 150 Nassau ft.. N.Y.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk shirtwaists.
HOFFMAN & STEINHART. 412 Market St.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1971V4 Market st. : examinations free: German
» eyewater by mail. 50c. Phone. Mint 2.17^
$100 — GOOD paying business If sold this week;
rent $15; store and living room. 1005 Larkin.
SALOON, with property, stock and fixtures for
sale; opposite depot, warehouses and lumber
yard In Paso Robles, Cal. Address JOHN
G. ENGEL. '
COMPANY promotion is our specialty; we at-
tend to everything complete; charters fur-
nished. P.5.M.&1.C0.. 220 California st. r. 5-7.
PARTNER In printing business: a good man;
experience not necessary. 344 McAllister st.
EXCHANGE.
T^AN^fTT^nKlneer«Tcomplete, will exchange
for light solar transit. F. A..- box 3910. call.
OX furniture, pianos. w "hout removal: »•
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more moneT»*« H. MURPHY. 830 Market st
AUSTIX'S Salary Loan Co.. 336 Parrott build-
ing—Men can secure loans on personal nota,
TO salaried men. without collateral or lndorserj
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
clsco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan buUdlng.
MONEY WANTED.
$20,000 IX sums to suit: security, lmo— — e<t
ranches: will pay Bto 10 per cent f or L* or
6?ears: write particulars. Address Money,
box 38. Call office. ¦
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m ¦
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pl_»t-
lng.pinking. 1?1 Post, over O'Connor A Moffat
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
Fhoeing business: 15 years r resent location;
cheap on acct. death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
BRANCH bakery and lunch room, with or
without furniture; cheap: good business;
leaving city. Box S97S, Call office.
A SALOON for sale in good location. Apply on
premises. 160S Valencia st
OLD gold bought: money loaned on every d»»
scriptlon of collateral. Colem an's. sP<> Kenrr ly.
MONEY loaned on furniture, pianos, dia-
monds, etc. BRIDGES. 927 Market, room 318.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. «0» Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
WAITRESS wanted. 607 Clay st.
ALL around first-class cook; wide experience;
rood reputation: sober and economical: wishes
situation. GEORGE STULL, 106 Eddy, r. 44.
YOUNG man wishes situation as assistant
bookkeeper and stenographer. Box 4463. can.
AGENTS WANTED
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School: sewing de-
pa rtmentopentojalldurln£jMa£Cl^
B. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
OX furniture and pianos without removal: qulok
service; money direct; lowest interest. Room*
68 and 69. Donohue building. 1170 Market »t
LOANS to salaried people: personal security
only. TOUSLEY. 321 Parrott building.
SITUATION wanted by smart active English-
American; experienced In handllne horses.
Address box 4433, Call office.
CALIFORNIA LODGE No. 1. I. O.
O. F. — Initiation MONDAY S__3Ss
EVENING. P. G. M. Fox will
be present. Visitors welcome. //u\ x
W. TROTTER, X. O.
AXY amount by private party on furniture and
pianoa: no removal: low rates: confidential.
BOVELLI. Conservatory bids.. 130 Po~ ell st.
OX REAL estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and en
furniture orsplanos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
AT 126 Kearny st. room 9. respectable prtvats
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
FOR tale at once— Saloon: central location:
cheai>; no agent. Address V. KRAUS, 17
RltcU st.
; HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Carriage painter that can work aa
far as coloring. Bay View Carriage Factory.
San . Rafael. .*.=....
WANTED — Young exoerlenced helper for car-
riage and wagon blacksmith.' S3S Mission st.
WANTED— Man who understands nursery work
and florist business. Call at 500 Halght st.
DISHWASHER, $5; waiter. $6. Restaurant. 206
McAllister st. ¦_
WANTED— Boy to learn plumbing. 419 Ma-
. son st. . . -
GOOD cook. wanted at 432 Fifth st.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor. VERDIER. 944
Geary st. - . - - .-
FIRST-CLASS barber for city; first-class
wages: Apply H. BERNAR.D. 104 Seventh st
WANTED— Shoemaker en repairing. 202 Second
street... . , . .. <
WANTED— Steady, sober man with small capi-
tal as partner in saloon. 130 Fourth st.
WANTED— Good general tailor. Apply at 123
Eddy st .¦„ ¦ -
CREAMERY man with some business exoerl-
ence. Apply at 239 Seventh st.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission st. between Ist and 2d sts.
CARPENTERS -WANTED to STAY away
from San Francisco, as there are many Idle
men here, .notwithstanding advertisements to
_ the contrary. DISTRICT COUNCIL OF CAR-
PENTERS. ¦ . ¦ -
MEN wanted .to learn barber trade In 8 weeks;
day and evening Classes; special Inducement
this season; handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir fre«: only Institution In the
world ¦ teaching J the barber and hairdressing
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. &35
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco. New York.
St. Louis. Chicago.- Minneapolis.
WANTED— Check clerk for mailing dept. d.
g.,' notion and shoes; give references and ex-
perlence. Box .- 4458, Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st ; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
TO purchase fcr cash— Half lntereet In estab-
lished cigar stand. Box 4445, Call. Z . ~
S7oo— SELECT rooming house; 9 rooms, all full;
elegantly and newly furnished; investigate.
437 Go!df n Gate aye.
DR: LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st, near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
bpeclalty: all work reasonable: gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO., 6 Eddy st.
DRESSMAKING business; handling the best of
first-class trade in Oakland; location very de-
sirable; parties leaving on account of healtli.
Addre»s box 2724. Call office. Oakland.
BTTCHER shop and meat Etore for sale; or
will sell naif interest. Call early. SCHWEIN-
HARD & CO.. room 2 917 Market st topp.
Mason).
TO lease— Xl Campo restaurant; season 1900;
terms reasonable to competent party. - Apply
J. E. HAYDEN. Tlburon ferry fruit stand.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commander}- No. 1, K. -
T No I Post ft.— Ftated assembly c rfa^
THIS EVENING. 7:3* o'clock, to visit J"l
Golden Gate < Y.mm andery. By order of *»
the Err.. Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
GOLDEN GATE Comma ndery No. 16. ,-^_.
X T CnMcn Gate huiMlr.g. 6?:. Batter Tjir*
Ft'— Fprrial assembly THIS EVENING Ka
at S o' click. The OrJer of the Vem- W
p> mill he conferred. All fratsrs are "»
eCU '* y r j. C CAMPBELL. Km. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL L~lf;e N u . 22. F. and A. ¦
il.— THIS (MONDAY! EVENING at _#\_
7 o'clock. Third degree. Master Ma- }\^.
jsons cordially invited. By order nf' 1
the W. M. WALTER G. ANDERSON. See.)
ill^^lON I»dge No. I€ 9. F. and A. U— » _.
Called meeting THIS (MOSnAY)J\^
JTV'ENING at ViS* o'clock. Second de- Tt JC
gre». C. D. BUNKER. Secretary. /~r *
KING Solnmon's L^dge No. 160. F. and ¦•
A. M.. Franklin Hall. Fillmore st. be- ~f\^
tween Bush and Sutter. First degree Tg 3C
TIILS EVENING, at 7:30. /~T >
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
CARPENTER, can do painting and whitening.
as general workman: well recommended,
work by the week or month; cheap;. city or
country. -Box A. Call office. ' -
BRIGHT man not afraid of work would like
a eosltlon steady as Janitor or laborer, had
considerable experience as both. Please aa-
dress F. J. R.. 1718 Fillmore st. >
POSITION wanted by thorough accountant and
fine penman: good references. Address dox
3003, Call office. ' '
COACHMAN and man about place— By «niart,
actlve.respectable. middle-aged man. Ad-
dress Winchester Hotel, room 62a.
GIRLS WANTED. '
I To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36V» Fremont st; elevator.
GlRL— German speaking; one who stopa/bom e
preferred. 1053 Market St. upstairs. Call
after 9 a. m.
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework; no
washing. 1216 Ellis st. .
GIRL for light housework. 2 Sellna place, oft
California at.- below Stockton. .
GIRL for general housework; references. Ap-
ply between 10 and 12 to-day. 328 Halght st
YOUNG girl for light housework In small fam-
Uy. Call 2504 Pine St. -
GOOD finishers, also apprentices, on custom
pants. SOSVfc Jessie st. : '
WANTED— Experienced apprentices on custom
coats; steady work. 615 Natoma st
NEAT young glrlfor cooking and housework;
references: wages $20. 1816 Pine st
WANTED— A girl to assist with chamber and
house work. . 969 Mission st.
GIRL for cooking, general housework and to
assist in care of baby. 3SIB Pine st.
STRONG active girl at St. Nicholas Laundry.
Seventeenth and Folsom sta.
BUSINESS house has position for energetic wo-
man. JjCa2ll___l___J jCa21 1 ___l___
GOOD hand at dressmaking: steady employ-
ment. EI9B Montgomery aye.
GIRL for light housework; small family. 1134
Ellis st. - ¦
GIRL to wait at table; also cashier. 135 Sec-
ond st. ¦ ' ¦ . -
GIRL wanted for light housework: good home.
801 Hayes st. - ' '¦ ' - -' •
"WANTED— A girl to learn dressmaking; one
• living at home preferred. 6 Eddy St.. rm. 97.
FIRST-CL^S talloress on pants. 272 Steven-
son st. first floor. ¦ .' '
WANTED— A neat girl for second work. Ap-
ply, between 9 and 12. 2932 Jackson st. ¦
WANTED— Experienced girl for second work
and waiting; wages $20. 1307 Hyde st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' '. dental parlcrs. 927
Market st.. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from Jl up; other fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit , from
$4 60 up; cpen evenings and Sundays. '•'¦-¦
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $5 a
lull set of teeth on a gold plate. $2o; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
Epecialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for ZO
years; fillings. 50c; crowns. $3 60; all work
jiainless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
SrSITCESS OFFICE cf the Pan F— ind»— >
Tell, corner of Market snd Third streets, open
BHSII 12 o'clock every eight !n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— IZ! Montgomery street
ccmer Clay; open until 9:28 p. m.
SCO Hayes street: open until 5:30 p. ra.
f~ McAllister street: open until 5.39 p. m .
— S Larkln street; cpen until S:SO p. m.
IMI Misrlon etreet; open until 10 p. ra l
irsi Msxket street corner Sixteenth; open
cntll S ii. m.
10C Eleventh street: cpen until S p. m.
30«« Valencia street: or«n ur.tll Sp.a
lin Po!k street: cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest ccmer cf Twenty-second and_Ken-
*ncky streets; oren until 9 p. ro.
HAVE arrived. "Moody, the Man and His
Work;" "Life of Moody," by Northrup; lan
MarLaren's "Light of the World;" "War
With Spain." to date, now ready; "British
e-id Boer War." ready March 20lh: send for
,eam nles. THE J. DEWING CO.. Flood bldg..
fc** Market «.. S. F.
AGENTS can make $10 per day selling our no~
e-;ty machine; write; on application will send
cut and tcma. THOS. R. FOOTE CO.. Lo«
A nrelee. Cal^
WANTED — First-class agents to Introduce
newly i>ateEte<l garden trowel; good tviiges
ruarar.tfed. Particulars at 1006 Webster si.,
Oakland.
AOENTB— It takes money to make money; dis-
trict agents wanted; a seller of merit and
utility. HERRICK. 1417 Brush st. Oakland.
WANTED" — First -class agents to Introduce
newly patented garden trowel: good wages
guarantexvl. 1006 Webster St.. Oakland.
$253 MONTH and expenses; either sex; samples
free. g-H. Kansas City. Mo.
AGENTS everywhere to sell Mrs. Webb's Cal.
Complexion soap. Add. Bell & Co.. 6 Eddy.
LADIF.S— Agents: something new. 802 Geary
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night;. sl 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; - free 'bus
and baggage to and . from ferry. .-
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. 1 - ¦- . , .: .'• .'..:-¦¦.-.¦- ",--'':•:: ?
A BRANCH office for the reception of adrer-
tlsements , and subscriotlons has been opened
at 1223 Polk at; open until I p. m.
__$:/.<>; CORNER grocer}' and bar; vicinity
Sixth and Howard ets.; living rooms; good
business; cheap rent Call R. G. WILKE.
V<6 Market tt.
»_sl7i__eOKNEß saloon on Montgomery St.;
must Ixs sold to-day. R. G. WILKE. 906
Market Ft.
ji.—iWl; SALOON and lunchhouse; between fac-
tories and lumber-yards; daily receipts $15;
i*r.t $20; a enap. R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market.
A-J— SO; FIRST-CLASS paying comer grocery
and bar on Turk rt. ; place established many
years; stock all fresh; good horse and. wagon;
« living rooms; rent $30. Call R. G. WILKE.
906 Majket st
$300 — CIGAR stand, situated on principal street
near Market; sacrificed at this low figure to
he nold a.t once. M. LESS. 765 Market st
A— tOt; FINE restaurant and oyster house;
north of Matket; established 15 years; well
worth tlOOO; Investigate. M. LESS. 7C5 Mrkt
•300— WOOD and coal yard In the Mission; horse
ana wagon: rent only $10 per month; old e»-
tablUhed. M. LESS. 7C3 Market st
J3T.O— DAY ealoon; downtown: bet the wholesale
houses; doing good business; a bargain if sold
et once. M. LESS. 785 Market tt.
WOO— CORNER grocery and bar; north of Mar-
ket; well worth $1300; sickness cause of sale;
part cash. M. LESS. 765 Market Et
A— s4tKy); CORNER ct ocery. with elegant ap-
pointments; full stock of choice groceries,
delicacies, cigars and liquors in bulk; the lo-
cation is Al. being right In the heart of the
city: including new delivery wagons and
fine horses ; chance seldom offered; trial will
convince: if you desire this kind of business
don't delay investigation, as owner is selling
on account of other buslnesg; receipts average
$2000 per month. STENBERG CO.. »35 Mkt St.
ItAEGAIN tor buying or celling saloons or any
business: fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Jr.urr.al. K9V4 California st. room L,
J4OO— SALOON with 3 living rooms; fine trade.
Cal) fct Liquor Dealer*' Journal. 13SVi Cali-
fornia St.. room 1.
JJARGAIN — Grocery »nd ber cheap. Liquor
D«a!ers' Journal. 53}'* California st. room 1.
A "GKEAT Mf-riflee: corwr grocery; death
cause Bale. COWING & CO.. 719 Market «t.
A FINE candy, delicacy and bakery; $20 daily;
¦!ckne*s. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
CORNER grocery; best In city; great sacrifice.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market st
¦$750— SALOON for saie. on O'Farrell st: cen-
tral corner: lease. Particulars from J. E.
SLINKEY & CO.. 5^ Market entrance 1 sth.
X 550 LODGING-HOUSIt of 15 rooms, on Kills
et : ail occupied; a bargain. Apply to J. E.
ELIXKEY _ CO.. 877 Market entrance 1 Eth.
jri yE — -ocery and bar: stock worth money
ftiked- big cash trade; 44 years' lease. Pacinc
States Realty Co.. 555 Market St.. room 320.
"._P»RTNER with 12500 In established Import-
ing bu£ine«_; will clear at least J6OOO yearly.
Pacific States Realty. 535 Market st. room «20.
KTOCK of drygoods and groceries at half !ts
v2uV- going toNome; only $350. BRIDGES.
I^7 Market «t. room 216. ; '
AY energetic man not afraid of work with $12S
can Ect permanent position: come prepared to
go t<f woh£ BRIDGES. 927 Market st.. r. «<S.
77777; nrsTil'RAVT' good location; receipts
J3s B^r T d«/fr?nt »40. D. McRAE.
743 Mission tt.
FOR sale— Good-payin* restaurant on account
.C__ro and IKb eu.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'5 ....104 GEARY ST.
Vegetable man and DOtwasher. 120, for
springs, summer resort. C. R. HAXSEX &
CO.. 104 Geary st. ¦
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. ll. 'Bernard.' Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Good coatmaker or general tailor
'¦ for the country. Inquire at M. SEILER &
CO.. S Stockton st. -
SEAMEN. 1 ordinary and green hands, for steam
whalers & Australia. 701 Battery, cor. Pacific
WANTED— A bright office boy. Apply 320 San-
some st,- room 10. •:¦¦:-.-.
GENERAL tailor for country. Apply at 221H
- Ful top st. •.-¦'¦¦• - . ¦¦ ¦ • ' -
GOOD barber wanted: steady work. 3250 Mis-
sion st, near Twenty-ninth. •
WANTED— Night man who understands restau-
: rant business to take cash. 29 Stockton St.
BOY wanted to help blacksmith; Vajon shop.
1192 Folsom st. - ' •
WANTED— Boy to make himself generally use-
I ful about a house. . Address box 3004, Call.
WANTED-^-Bxperlenced boy to, work on cus-
tom clothes*. 515 Xatoma st. .* - .
OPERATOR wanted on custom, pants. ' 606H
'¦Jessle : st. '¦'..;¦ -:•''..'."¦'¦:-¦ ¦¦: -. . '/ -.'.'¦-
WANTED —Young man who has had experience
In , Jewelry factory. 103 Third st. .. ; . .
WANTED— A waiter. Call at 1005 Valencia st.
> Cozy : Restaurant. . ;- r " -
GOOD ' tailor^ wanted. , 820 . Kearny st.,' first
¦ fl°° r '.room^l. '.'"'. : ¦ ' •¦•
BOY wanted, from- 18 to 18, to work In a cigar
-factory. 303 Eighth : st. ¦
BOY wanted; about IS years of a" J. Room 32.
Flood • building. . .
LADY canvassers Introducing shoulder brace;
$1 day. Apply 676 Church St.. near Nineteenth,
Tuesday morning, between 8 and 9.
RESPECTABLE woman wants any kind of
work t>y the day; first-class laundress. 7 Van
Nesi aye.. Ladles' Union.
YOUNG woman wishes a position;, best of
references; wages $25. Box 4454, Call office.
YOUNG SWEDISH girl wishes a position to
do general housework; cook in small family;
wages $20. 1023 Vermont. st.
SITUATION wanted by a young lady aa cook
or steward to go to Cape Nome.' 841 A How-
ard st. • . -
DRESSMAKER of experience In ladles' GUlts.
4ln ' all the late designs, will acoept en-
gagments In families: $1 25 per day; refer-
ences. 1201 Webster st. cor. Eddy.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do house-
work; good cock: $12 to $15 per month: city
. or country. 1 217 Eddy st
BEAUTIFUL cluster diamond. turnurHse c*m*r.
screw earrings for $33; cheap at $100. UXCLBJ
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
YOUNG lady from Massachusetts would like
position as traveling companion to elderly
lady going to Europe, or would take care of
children: best of references. MRS. HATCH.
4&S Geary et
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper;
city or country. 1006 Tennessee st.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do general
housework and plain cooking. 618 Linden aye.
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman and
pick nurse (not trained): would assist .with
light housework. S2B Geary et
A M. SPECK & CO.
2610 Sutter; 6 r $20|206 Post: 10 r......547 oO
731 Thirteenth: 7 r. 20:824 Shotwell: 8 r.. &> ft)
FOR rent from Ist 'of April. The Bungalow.
Menlo Park, residence of the late Dr. J. H.
Stallard: elegantly . furnished, with all mod-
ern conveniences: use of »urry and buggy.
Address box 444.1. Call. _
HOUSES TO LET.
a— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
GOOD upright piano: nearly new | cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister «t
RARGAIN-Good upright: cheap. SCH3OTZ.
1* McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
FIRST-CLAPS housekeeper; will ko by the
day: Is a fine laundress; can do any kind of
work; Is strong and willing; would engage
now; $1 and car fare. Please call at 78 Third
St., The Easrle. room 5. .
FARMER and wife, Monterey C 0. .540 and found
Fanner and wife, 50c fare. -
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 635 Clay »t
A— J43O; SALOON, with 3 living rooms; rent
$£7 :/>• Valencia *t: good business; bargain.
It. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
YOUNG strong Swedish houseglrl; good refer-
ences; $15 to $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
CONOVER, Colby and Spencer pianoa. Spencer
Warerooms. ISIS Market st
PARTY going to World's Fair will sacrlfloe)
beautiful new upright piano: leaving on IStn.
Call to-day at room 7. 1021 Van Ness aye.
MURRAY & READ\ PHONE MAIN 584S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
-."WANT MONDAY. 7 A. M
6 miners, also 6 drillers $75 and $60
16 laborers, city Jobs $50 and found
236 woodchoppers and tlemakers. $2 50. $2, $1 75,
$1 75c cord. 10c, lie. 12c and 13c each.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
FURNITURE WANTED.
A— 2 FIRST-CLASS French second girls desire
situations; best of ref. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WANTED— French butler and valet. $40 and
found; cook, country hotel, $60: second cook,
<33- broiler. $00: restaurant cooks, waiters,
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 628 Sacramento st. .
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos- prices reduced to Insure- prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Pest st
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! REMOVED:
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed ¦
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
6.11 diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all rkln diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
t he has made are the talk of the whole Blope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
rands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mail Is
always euccessfu' and satisfactory, and all
correspondence is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence. 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B.— Take 8. F. broad gauge ferry and
get off at Clinton Station, 2d station from
Broadway.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS~GORDON, psychometrlst, 12 years' ex-
perience: readings and advice, from 1 to 9 p.
m dally: Sundays and Wednesdays excepted;
terms, ladies SOc. gentlemen $1. 1184 Fulton.
MME A CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
forunte teller; gives best advice In difficult
matters. Removed to 19 Fulton St.. nr. Larkln.
CLAIRVOYANT, card read»r and palmist: all
you seek to know answered without questions;
readlncs this week "5c and .Vjc. 942 Mission.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader and palmist; all
you seek to know answered without questions;
readings this week 25c and SOc. 942 Mission.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader: readings 25c. »
CHESTER CARLETON. magnetic healer and
massage treatmt. 1382 Market, rms. 27 and 2S.
MED\~HOSKINS, 1423 Mkt. bet. 10th & 11th—
Cir. Mon. 8 p. m.. Thur. 2 p. m.. 25c; sit dally.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting $1. 1104 Market
MRS. EBERHARDT. spiritual test meeting. 7:30
p. m.. 10c. 5230 22d. bet. Mission and Valencia.
CONSULT the lucky medium. 349V4 Minna st.
near Fifth.
MME. MARQUISE, medium, has removed to S
Hyde st. readings and treatments dally.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent elate writer.
330 Ellis St.; circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
FUTURE told by cards; satisfaction guaran-
teed: 23c. 1425 Mission st.
ARNOLD. Dlckson. clve everybody tests to-
night; 10c: sittings. S3c. DOc. 148 Sixth, room 1.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth Bt, near Mission.
MME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 23c: truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
rlUlncu daily. 212^4 Sixth et.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c «44 Howard
tt.. 10 a m. to 10 p. m. ..:¦"-,
MRS ELLlS— Tests to all; circle Tues.. Frl.. 2
p. m.: Mon.. 8: 2Sc: sittings $L 233 Valencia.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: name* given; 250 up. S Fourth it.
MME 6YBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band'a picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st
A WEEK'S news for S cents. The Weekly Call.
H pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per ye«r.
' COLLECTION OFFICES.
OEORGG W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
lefs successful. Room 210. 917 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
EUNNY cottage: 4 rooms, wl'.h yard and cel-
lar: chickenhouse. Apply 23 Boyce »t.. ofl
Point Lobos aye.: Geary-st cars.
?-ROOM ccttage; 23H Morris aye.. bet Harrt-
•od and Bryant nr. Cih: key next door. N0. 23.
COTTAGES WANTED.
FURNISHED modem cottage or flat of 4 or !
rooms for family of 3 adults: within 3 blocks
of Market and Larkin sts. Box 3003. Call.
DOG HOSPITAL.'
DB. BUZARD'S Doc Hospital. Post' Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 76c; city visits tl 60; all
animal t treated; dogs boarded. Tel., West 651.
ROOMING HOUSES
LODGING HOUSES
HOTELS- :.-
. ..FLATS AND PRIVATE HOMES
FROM 3to 2M ROOMS; PRICES $*> TO $20,000
MONEY TO IJ")AN ON ANY HOUSE.
- ' TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H C DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FE3IAL-.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situ-
ation: best city ref.; city or country.
A Norwegian second girl with good city
references wants a position; city or country.
A Irst-clns» chambermaid and waitress, ho-
tel or boarding-house, city or country; also a
first-class Infant's nurse and several house-
work girls await situations at MISS H. CUL-
LINAN'S Employment Bureau, 323 Sutter St.;
telephone Main £51. . .
BOOKS — XEW AND OLD.
fcCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
X-!~ *• B'vk f o .. "4 M'*«inn st.. near Third.
HELP WASTED MALE.
WANTED— Experienced oil-well driller. $3 day
and board: blacksmith and machinist for band
sawmill; Iron molder for country, $2 50 day;
boy to learn blacksmith trade; 3 stablemen.
$35 and board and $40; man about place, $25
to $30- 5 milkers, $23, $27 50 and $30: stage
driver $25- farmers, laborers and drillers,
.$1 75 $2 day: frultman, $1 25 day. for Santa
Clara Co.; gardener and wife. $50; choreman.
•woodsmen, woodchoppers, tiemakers. shingle
bolt makers and many others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
KNABE pianos: tew scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.- ' ¦
$10— NICE flat. 3 rooms and bath. In good con-
dition: 2213 Polk st.. nr. Pacific. $18— Hand-
some upper flat. 6 rooms and bath; 1376 Union
St., near Polk. ~^ -
416 AUSTIN aye.. near Gough; a modern sunny
flat of 5 rooms and bath:-rent $15. *
6 SUNNY rooms. $14; also cottage. 4 rooms,
near Mall dock. Key at 623 Second st
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
25 2S and 20 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs an.l
all other musical instruments of all grade*
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing 'losslble done to please and satisfy ta«
WELL-EDUCATED and experienced young
nurse girl for boy 3 years old; must do sew-
ing. 997 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— A first-class saleswoman for lace
department for Sacramento. Apply 123 Mar-
ket st.. room 7. from 2 to 3 d. m.- '
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. 11
Erie st. near Mission. • _^
A ERANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia s.t.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ?27 Market et. opp. Mason.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and.
subscriptions has been established at 1096 \ a-
lencla st. ¦
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
¦ tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
WAIT for our big sale of horses at 217i> Market
st. THURSDAY, at 11 o'clock. S. WAT-
KINS. Auctioneer.
200 HORSES 1000 to 1400 pounds. 30 head 1200 to
1300 ' pounds, unbroken, at the Canty Ranch.
Grayson. Cal. ' ..
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
J27 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fin* draught and driving horses at
IC2I and 1625 Market st. bet Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
FINE horse for business buggy: stands without
hitching: 8 years old; $40. 4004 Twenty-sixth
st: no dealers need apply. '
FOR- SALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet Dentist. SOS G. O. ay.
TAILORESSES wanted to work on custom
pa nts. SO3 Montgomery st. 3d floor, room 6.
DRESSMAKER— Help and apprentice wanted.
1207% Bush st. •
WANTED— A good hairdresser. 1036 Market st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
FLATS TO LET.
BEATUIFUL new 5-rootn sunny flat: porcelain
tub. 6 Chelsea place, off Bush, bet. Stockton
and Powell.
CHESTNUT. 733, above Taylor— 6 rooms and
bath: large yard; fine marine view.
ELEGANT sunny flat; 4 rooms, bath. 645 Wil-
low aye.
FLAT newly furnished for rent: furniture for
sale; $35. 5 Fetla place, bet Pine and Bush
sts.. off Powell. _j
FLAT, 6 rooms and bath: 2 sunny bedrooms
and yard. 1C23 Golden Gate aye.
FLAT of 3 rooms; modern; bath; rent $13. 911
Filbert st.
FLAT— 6 larlge rooms and bath: cheap. 16
Pearl st. bet Valencia and Guerrero.
IK" you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MISSION. 1511 and 1513. near Eleventh— s and 6
large sunny rooms; bath; laundry; rent $1S
and $22.
NINETEENTH. 3980. near Noe— Lovely sunny
lower 5-room flat, with room on porch; $18;
COFFKE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL Sc CO.. 412 Sacramento st
FIRST-CLASS talloress on pants. 139 Montgom-
ery /st. .
EXPERIENCED operator on buttonhole ma-
chine; good wages. 723 Market St.. room 35.
ROUTE cf 844 papers on this paper for kale.
Box «. Oakland Postcfflce.
I>BOF. A MASEKT of Egypt greatest astrolo-
rist and palmist In the world; satlsf action
— i«nirte»a. 41T Oolden G«t# tr*.
WANTED— Finisher on custom coats at 200 Vi
Turk st. near Jones.
ASTROLOGY.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st
TO "Morning Call Home Study" readers—
Clarses forming: French conversation. Suan-
ish. $2 per mo. 530 G. G. aye., r. 5. 6; hrs. 2-S.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission; vlolln.gultar.
AYRES 1 Business College. 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $50: send for catalogue.
FINE store, suitable for any business; 126
OFarrell. near Powell. Apply 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— Woman desirous of traveling In a
business capacity. 'Box 4465. Call.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech.,
survey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day and eve.;
ost. 1564. Van der Nalllen School, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING as It Is done; superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR.
expert accountant. Flood building.
DISHWASHER wanted. "1 Clay st. _i
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 28c
to SOc. 662 Mission st. between Ist and 2d tts.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
FURNISHED rooms, 75c. $1. $1 25 per week.
METROPOLITAN. 614 Fourth st.
PEXSIOXS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. Attor-
...; neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper: best in city. 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
REFINED young girl for second work and to
take care of child 6 years old. Apply Mon-
day morning between 10 and 12; 2203
Buchanan st. ; references. ¦__
IN Alameda— Competent nurse or mother's help;
youngest child nearly 2 years old; references
required; salary $25. Address Box 4440. Call.
A FEW hundred more sewing machine operat-
ors will find work in Lev! Strauss & Co.'s fac-
tory W/t Fremont st. MR. DAVIS, foreman.
GIRL to assist with housework and children.
1C27 McAllister st ¦¦¦¦¦-
jlOil-FUUIT store; established; must be sold by
the lMh. Box 4433. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st '
NEAT girl not afraid of work; wash napkins
and help In restaurant. 28 First st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
WANTED— A waitress; $6 50 a week. Apply
631 Clay st. •
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary it; dresses
made. JS up: dresses made over: perfect fit.
WORKING partner; opportunity seldom of-
fered. Room 35. 1926 Market St.
PARTNER in legitimate business; small capi-
tal; make good wages. Apply 79 Third st.
NEW bakery or laundry; 3-can milk wagon: 2-
seated spring wagon; 3 grocery or delivery
wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market
CHEF or steward desires position; hotel «¦ res-
taurant; first -class city references. Box 4/,
Call branch office, 615 Larkln st.
A SALOON for Bale cheap: located In the
Potrero. Apply on premises. 1543 Kentucky.
TO purchase for cash, half Interest In estab-
!ish«*J cigar stand. Box 4445. Call.
HONEST and capable young German wants
situation as porter in wholesale house or ho-
tel. Address box 2723, Call office. Oakland.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 236 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
GUARANTEED dentistry; $1 week; we refer to
6000 patients. Esmond Dental Parlors. 43 Blxtn.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
dayn. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. U4l Polk st
jf OO— SHOESTORE and repair shop; sickness
Vause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777*,
Market st .
COACH MAX-Situatlon wanted: city or coun-
try; thoroughly understands care of no "5 8 '
carriages, garden: good driver; thoroughly
competent: city references. Box 4541. can.
COACHMAN, competent man, thoroughly un-
derstands his business in all branches, desires
permanent situation. As to references and
qualifications address C. S., 1022 Jackson st.
CARPENTER, cabinet-maker, first-class me-
chanic, wants a steady situation; city or
country. Address 553V4 Natoma st.
FULL set of teeth. $5; gold crowns, $3; new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver. Me; painless extraction, 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
MIDDLE-AGED man would like a situation as
foreman or timekeeper over men or teams or
to drive and exercise horses: no objection to
country. United State* Hotel, room 81. w
Eddy st. ; • - •
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket et. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our (specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. — .. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his — on-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
MONEY TO l*O^*j
ANY^proposTtlon, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
morasagea: confidential; advice free. t» E.
OLSEN, room 16. first floor. Chronicle bidg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no u*-
lay; get my terms before doing gusinesa else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84-> Market
st; tel. Main 1641. Branch 19 Third st
6 PER cent and up on second mortgages, un-
divided Interests, estates and claims In pro-
bate and monthly rents. X. M. bPECK. Be
IF wanted best private family cook with ex-
cellent recommendations please »""> l °
CHONG WING & CO.. 902 Clay st., room 8.
UPHOLSTERER and carpet la y e sL, yo .V n f»^nn"
wants work; city or country. 271 Stevenson.
RESPONSIBLE married man. would like posi-
tion of trust; carpenter and cabinetmaker bj
trade: understands care of horses and.P 0 " 1 "
try; can. turnlsh best of reference, or will pay
money for security of Job; lately from East.
Pennsylvania. Box 4429. Call.
I AM offering for sale a drug store located In
the very heart of the most densely populated
district west of Chicago, doing a strictly caah
business, enjoying a satisfactory sale on 44
proprietary preparations manufactured on tne
rremis.eE. and clearing from *250 to $300 per
month; the curious and agents need not ap-
ply; price $4:*o. Box 4464. Call.
REAL estate, city or country, in any State
In the Union, sold and exchanged on cornrais-
eion; associate offices in New lork and Chi-
cago; EUrlinc propositions of all
kinds. SUNSET REALTY INVESTMENT
CO., 213 Examiner building.
MRS DR. ALLEX. 1035 Market ladles' special-
ist; guaranteed treatment at office, to: saf»
and reliable; consultation free: hours 10 to S.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market
st: every case guaranteed: $3 up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGEXER— Private home
In confinement 1312 Golden Gate aye.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
SCEDICAL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1900.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
KREDO & CO 224 G^ry 8t ;
J£o to SSO.OOO; legitimate business chances of
all klads; call and Investigate before you
drop your money In fake propositions else-
where. KREDO & CO.. 22tf Geary St.
SHOE shop for sale. 216 Gough st. near
Hayes. ' r
SHOE chop; good location; fine business. Box
SOO6. Call office.
MEDICATED BATHS.
DR. COXAXT'S Compound Vapor Bath— Puri-
fies the blood: destroys disease germs: pro-
tects- cures; revitalizes; saves life and doctor
bills- outfits for sale: agents wanted; send for
booklet. ANIDROSIS. 47 Post st; office.
room 5: gents' baths. 6: ladles'. 33.
WANTED— Good plain cook; wages $20. Apply
1140 Oak st. .
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, i 4 Post st. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.: new 80-page catalogue free.
ENGINEERING, civil, eleel. mining, mech.,
survey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day and eve.:
est. 1804. VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. J33
Market Et. .
OPERATORS on gents' white shirts; steady
employment. ROGERSON'S. 533 Valencia.
DANCING ballroom or stage, quickly taught:
priv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
ESRINA, Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing: Spanish. 537 Phe'.an building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
NEAT young girl; care of child and assist In
housework; $S to $10. 944 Geary st.
CLASSES in German. French. Spanish: $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, oft O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Maaon: tel. Black 4354.
A-MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post Bt; telephone Bush 135. _^
FIRST-CLASS Japanese. Chinese employment
office; best help fur.: cooks, waiters, etc.
Chas. Ansmorl. EO6H Stockton: tel. John 2121.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Be«t heir* 414". O'Fn— -ell rt.: tel. K»«t 426.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 12"3 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
FINE assortment of old and new violins In all
sizes Just received from Europe: they were
selected by experts for the MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO.. 763 Market st
THE Packard pianos are not cheap pianos, but
they are flr>t-class In tone and unequaled la
finish; you buy them for a short time only at
introductory prices at MAUVAIS*. 783 Mar-
, ket st.
FLATS. TO LET — FURNISHED.
$20— FURNISHED flat; 5 sunny rocms and bath;
warm belt Mission. Box 4435, Call.
FLAT of 6 rooms, nicely furnished; rent rea-
sonable. 35 Turk st. near Taylor.
BIRCH AYE., 6—46 — 4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished.
W E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, enrnets. 757 MI»«I"n: tel. Red 3353.
A— SNAP; 28 furnished rooms and bath; cheap;
owner leaving city: no agents. 420 Sixth st
FOR sale— A good rooming and boarding house.
14 rooms; 16 boarders; sickness cause of sale;
$.VK). Write Boarders, box 27. Call office.
HOUSE of 10 rooms: well furnished: all rented;
rent $20; price $150. 78 Xatoma st.
ROOMING house iof 24 rooms for sale cheap;
account of going East 640 Howard st
JESSIE. 47(V— House of 6. rooms and bath.
LOCUST aye., near Turk and Buchanan — Rouse
B rooms end bath; rent $12. '
REED. 14— 6 rooms, bath. gas. basement: fine
1 view. Apply 1323 Washington st. near Jcnes.
TO let— A pleasant sunny house, 7 rooms. 3358
Twenty-first st... near Guerrero.
jls S2 D_ BOOM st..' off Second, near Brannan;
7 rooms and bath; all newly papered.
HOUSES TO LET—FURNISHED.
FURNISHED house to let In Western Addi-
tion; modern: 9 rooms and bath; sun all day.
' Call BOS Market st. fifth floor.
8HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHASCE.
'3509 TO $5000— City lot for Alameda residence.
MW- Frultvale »tore and fiat for ranch.
$6M»tf-?0 arre» 20 fruit. Santa Ro«>. for ln-
t&me property. German- American. :* Kearny.
Order of Chosen Friends.
Reports received in . this city/are to the
effect-; that U candidates i' have % the
past ten daysibeen initiated ,at '-Watson
ville, Los Angeles. and, Sacramento, i
: Pacific Council has several - applications
to act upon. ,- , ,;. : ¦'¦;¦.¦}¦;.: .
.A- circular^haa; been issued to all the
local » lodges - requestingr them > to ; appoint
a' committee of three each to meet in the
hall of Social ; Council ' on the sth of >. next
April to make arrangements for the twen
ty-first 'anniversary-; of ' the I Institution \of
tho order. • ._ '
JtKAL ESTATE COOTUV — For Snle
•""oFNIINE "Snap" bargain; must cell this
week: id acres very rlch"*t of highly culti-
\aied !evel loan; In crop; not an Inch or
¦rurtc: jVnce<J; II' 1 brarins fruit trees: re«l-
' ' dence. t.«ra. 2 wells, etc.; 1^ miles from city?
CBlriZ**. PICKEI ? _ th( . UN'D AGENT, .
10 Gearr rt., opp Chronicle building. S. F.
COO ACliti.S In Stanii:au» County, near rall-
rcad- wfcter; growing crop*; under fence and
«U other improvements. For particulars ad -
orees or ™"JV^ J^ egc g^ w - :3Si rolk - rlt> ' -
ii ARION~«A RION~«; RIFFIN. 7l» Market. «r. Call_ Wdjf.
•I^and ;nr sale in Sonoma. Omtra Costa, Olenn,
Hanta Crur. Shaft* and Tehama Cos.. Cal.
Weather Report.
:.**:': (l2oth Meridian— Pacific, Time.) -
,SAN FRANCISCO. March 11, 1900—5 p. ra. .
i The following? are • the seasonal j rainfalls to
date, as coropare,d'wlth those of the same date
last season, and rainfall In the last twenty-four
hOUrE . : ; '¦; . Last' This 'Last-
Stations— *. ¦ 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka *- O.OU 43.15 -24.84
Red 81uff...... O.W :1W 13.33
Sacramento '....".. .0.00: 13.57 • 7.93
San Franci5c0.......... 0.00 .17.02 8.03
Fresno..... •-.• 0.00 7.02 3.90
Independence 0.00 2.1«: 1.15
San Luts Oblspo 0.00 14.51 7.15
Los Anireles.:.... 0.00 5.r.6 2.n
Pan Dieg0............... 0.00 3.12 3.73
Yuma- • 0.00 . 0.76 . , 1.34
¦ San- Francisco 'data:. Maximum temperature.
£S; minimum, 52:: mean. SO. ' ¦ ¦
WEATHER CONPITIONS - AND GENERAL
". FORECAST.*'
The weather ls eenerally i clear over the Pa
cific Slope, i except', along the j coast from Cape
Mendocino to the mouth of the Columbia River
and over Eastern Oregon.. Light rain has fallen
over Washington and , Western Oregon. .
The pressure has risen rapidly over Washing
ton and Oregon and > fallen slightly In other
districts.". .. ¦¦" - • • - - — ¦
The storm which was central over Vancouver
Island * this morninsr • has moved rapidly east
ward and Is central In the. British possessions
north of Montana this evening. ¦•:. v
..The temperature . has , fallen decidedly; in the
vicinity of San Diego and remained nearly sta
tionary elsewhere. v. - ,'' -'. ;
Conditions ' are ¦ favorable - for continued fair
warm weather in Calif ornla- Monday. .
. Forecast " made : at San ; Francisco for thirty
hours ending Ynldnlffht. March i 12.- 19C0: ' •.
•- Northern ¦•¦ California— Fair. >< continued, warm
Monday; lUht northerly wind. .. ¦
Northern California— Fair, • continued warm;
light west wind. ;; : * '.'¦: r*&Qr&***p*Cn, \:
u Nevada— Fair; continued -.warm Monday. • - '
J - Utah— Fair ;> continued] . warm Monday.
Ari*ona— Fair; continued warm Monday. : ".
'- '- San ¦ Francisco ' and ¦ vicinity — Valr : i continued
warm Monday; Usht : northerly * wind. ¦
G. H. 1 WILLSON. ¦
-'-. . iocal Forecast Official.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
$1400— CORNER lot: Santa Clara aye.; . sCxia>;
near Morton-st. station.
$15«>— Fine lot; IVxlaO; Paru St., near the
bay: bargain.
51P0O— El<-(;ant l"t. -nest Fid» of Lafayette St.,
r.ear San Antonio aye.; snap.
$3200— New modern S-roorn house: Alameda
avenue, r.ear Lafayette St.: large lot.
$2500— New Colonial, 7-room cottage; Grand
tt., ¦ near Alameda aye.; easy installments:
Urge lot: rr.ap.
Bargains in at! parts of Alameda: all the
kbove can be bought on easy t«-rm?.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
' 1500 Park St.. Alameda.'
511C0 BALANCE at less than price of rent; new
7-r'oom house on Everett st.. third nousse S. of
? Lincoln aye.; 5 blocks -to local • train;- fine
neighborhood; sunny and convenient to bu«l-
ne*s center; price J36.50; worth $4500. ' Addi ess
WM. P. TODD. 1070 Uroadway, Oakland. '
$300 WILL buy a tike corner. lot; terms.
$2SOO will li'j'lM firrt-clasß cottage of R roon:».
with lot rfOxliO' San Ar.tcnio aye, near Chestrul
st. J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park »t.
C C 15EMIS. Real Etitate ami General Land
Agent. 224 Montgomery «t.
In Berkeley — Corner lot 57x150. with irodern
' lOU se at 3 roomi. - ¦-. . -*•¦¦' ¦_ 'A \ •
FOR s" 1 * — At creat". (sacrifice if sold at i once;
southeast corner Benton st. and Alameda aye.,
Morton Btntton ; let 7Rx150, , with 9-room cot-
' tage. . , g ee BEW DRUG CO. at once. , .
STORAGE AM) WAIIEHOUSKS.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Of See, 401 Pott St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
BEItKI.VS van and rtnrage. 1340 Market; tele-
phone South FAt: racking, moving and storage.
ARRIVED.
¦ . Sunday, March 11-
Stmr Arcats, Reed. - hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr State of California. Gage. . 53« i hours
from Portland, via Astoria 4S hours.
Strar Dispatch. Johnson. 41 hours from Re
°Stmr Newoort. Saunders. 1» days and M
hours from Psnaina and way ports.
Stmr Del Xorte. , Allen. 48 hours from San
Ship Sintram. Larsen 17 days from Tacoma.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Z hours from Bo;
d 'schr Beulah. Mitchell. 14 days from Grays
1I Schr r Barbara Hernster. Olsen. » hours from
• Schr Western Home,' Daewerltx. 12 days from
Schr Newark. Beck, 16 ' hours from Bowen»
ndlD =- SAILED. ;
Sunday. March 11.
Stmr Geo I^omls. Brideett. Ventura.
' Stmr Sequoia. Thwtnjr. Fort Bragg.
"Stmr Despatch. Johnson. .
U S stmr Philadelphia. Relter, San Diego.
Aus stmr Siam. Valentin. Manila.
Rchr Volunteer. Brlssen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Gen. Nelson. Coos Bay.
Schr Fortuna, Lubertr. . Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
¦ POINT LOBOS. March 11—10 p. m.— WeatliefV
ha jy; wind northwest; velocity. 12 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
- Per State of California, from Portland. March
.11 passed Cape Mendoclno March 10,, at 4:15
p. m.; Blunfs reef buoy gone. '
DOMESTIC, PORTS.
FORT. ROSS— Sailed March U— Schr Mary C.
for San Francisco.'
' SAN - DlEGO— Arrived March H— Ger stmr
Ilathor, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.'
• PORT TOWNSENDr-Salled March 11— Ship
O F Sargent.' for Seattle: schr Challenger, for
Seattle; 1 schr Fanny, Dutard. for -Port Gam
ble; schr Mildred, for Port Gamble: schr Peer
less,^ for Port Blakeley;- schr Joseph Russ. for
OlymDla: - bktn .Willie R Hume. , for Tacoma :
schr John A Campbell, , for Tacoma; schr E X
Wood, '¦ from ¦ Tacoma. for San . Francisco: schr
Maria E Smith, for Honolulu: r ...«••; ¦
SEATTLE— Arrived March 11— Shin C P Sar
gent. » hence March S: ship Be Nicholas, from
Port • Townsend; ¦ »chr Challenger. , hence Feb
a. Sailed— Ship Two Brothers, for San Fran
cisco. -Arrived March 11— Br shin Allegiance,
from Tacoma, -for IT..X. - - • , ¦ .
¦- EUREKA— Arrived March ' 11— Stnlrs Same*
and Orizaba and tusr Rescue. henc» Mareh-10.
• PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed March U— Bktn
Leslie D. for -^— -sl"^Bp "<tl^""i. ,-"
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived March 11— Schm
J A Campbel. Fanny r#tard and Peerless, from
Port " Town send. -' / -
•OCEAN STEAMER 3. •
-NEW YORK— Arrived March 11. Strar Staa
tendam, ¦ from ' Rotterdam ; ¦ stair Fuerst Bts-*
marck. from Genoa.' ete.'VHMSf^MMMpiMi
MOVILLE— Balled March U— Stmr Astoria,
from Glass^jw. for New York. ¦
<• QUEENSTOWN— Sailed March 11— Stmr Cam
pania, from LJ verpool. ¦ for , New Tort
fcISWIXG MACHI.VKS AM) SUITLIKS.
RENTED, repaired, bought. BOld;.machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
patrinr at lowe«t rates. 205 Fo'jrth ft.
ROOMS papered /rom $3: whitened. St up
paintir.c done. Hartman Paint Co.. 313 Third
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
rlty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery ft.. rrwin-'S 9-10: tel. &320.
Young Men's Institute.
Last Wednesday nlgrht Councils 1,.7.and
129 held a Joint meeting' ln headquarters,
and under good of the. order there were
a number of interesting talks. This meet
ing was under the direction of Deputy G.
M. Kelly. : '
Last week Grand- President St. Sure,
Grand SecretaryaStanley and Grand Di
rector Kelly paid :- a . visit to St. : Raphael
Council, in San. Rafael. •:• ¦*. . '-.- :,--¦
Grand Directors Kelly, O Toole and
Roller will visit as follows: March 8 to
Council 470, 12 to Council 4, and 22 •to
On the sth inst. Grand Directors O'Shea,
Myrlck and Dunleavy will visit Council
35 on 12th No. 1 6, on . the 19th Council 32
and on the 28th Council No. 7. ;.' ¦ r
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED — 2 or 3 rooms furnished for house-
keeping: 10 minutes' walk from Call building;
no children. Box 3002. Call office^
VAN NESS. .944 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board; reasonable; modern conveniences. s
CHEAPEST and beyt In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to *kny address In the
ELLIS. 1016— Prlrat5 family: elegant modern
flat; sunny rooms; fine table: gentlemen.
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyde & Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated: elegant rooms.
LAS PALM AS. 3820 Market St..— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private: bath: sin. ran.; board optional.
VAN NESS aye., 850 — Handsomely furnished
front room; use carior. piano: phone.
NEW family hotel; first class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to
select people. SO7 California et., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
Steamer Movements.
Henry *E. Bothln, lot on 1 N W ' line : of Mission
street. 19:3 SW . of Second, SW :09 ' by NW (0
(quitclaim deed); Jl.*.' v : ''¦*';• ¦ -? ? •¦ '
¦Edward A." Nolting to Amelia Noltlng (Schil
ler). : undivided ; two fifths of lot on SE line of
Minna street,' l23:4 NE of Fifth, also 193 SB of
Mission. NE 28:4 by SE 80; $10.
: George G. Katz to Gustave A. Kati, undi
vided one-sixth- of following: Lot on E corner
of'Folsom and Ninth streets, NE 50 by SE »;
also -lot' on • SW' corner: of ; Filbert and Jones
streets, W 137:6 by. S 137:6: also lot on NW cor
ner of California and Hyde streets, W 87:6 by
N 87:6; also on N line of Union street, 45 W of
Jones,, W-. 46:3 by N-137:6; also - on 'X line of
Union street, 137:6 W of Jones. W 25 by N 137:6:
also lot on 1 N line of Union ¦ street. 1«2:6 W or
Jones/ W £5 by-N 137:6: 'a150 lot on N line of
Union street,- 91:3 W of- Jongs, -W 4«:3 by N
137:6: also lot on SE line of Wyoming street.
320 SW of of Sickles, SW 180. SE 239, NE 173.
NW 237, lots 5 and 6, block 8. West End Map
2; also lot on NW line of Huron, street. 160 SW
of Sickles, NW 237 by SW 80, being lot 10. block
8, same; also lot on SE line of Wyoming street.
160 SW of Sickles, SE 237 by SW 160.'- block 8.
same: also on NW- line of Huron street, 210 ssw
of Sickles, N W 237 by £W 80. block H. same :
also lot on ' NW line of Huron. 320 *SW of
Sickles. NW 237 SW 178. SE 213. NE 70. NE 13i.
lots 7 and S, block 8, same; also lot on NW cor
ner of Huron and Sickles, NW 267.by.SW.lfci.
lots 11 and 12. block 8. same; r also lot on. SL
corner of Hill and Sanchess, E 50:11 by S 114. $10.
William Patterson to Annie - and Henry R.
Patterson and Carrie A. Wilson (wife of Henry
G.). lot on SE corner of Twenty-fifth (Yolo)
street and San Bruno avenue -(Nebraska street).
S 250 by E 100 (reservtng life estate); gift.
Jacob V. and Maggie Petersen to John Berg,
lot on E line of Rhode Island street. 125 S of
Nevada. S 25 by E 100; $10.
¦ John Pforr to Henry F. Blanchet. lot 8, block
5, Garden Tract Homestead Addition; $10.
Hanora Quirk to James J. Quirk, lot on W
line of Mission -street.- '381:10V S of Rlchland
avenue. 8 68:3, W 105. NE 124; $10.
Mary E. and James F. Lassans to . William
Nicol. all Interest in lots «4 and 66, block 4.
Academy Tract: $10.
Estate of James G. Fair (by J.B. Anrus, T.
G. Crothers and W. S. Goodfellow. executors)
to Catherine Thomas. ¦ lot cm W line of Elsie
street. 25 S of Santa Marina. H X by W. 114:6.
lot 49. block 2, Fair's Kubdl vision of Holly Park;
$10.
- F. A. and L. J. Bacon to Thomas W. and
Christopher C. Rivers, lot 2, block 3. De Boom
Tract; $10.
ROYAL House. IS* EUis et.— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, Ssc to $1 50; week. $2 to
$8; month, JS to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROSEDALE House.' 319 & S2l Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 2Ec to $1; week, $1 25 to $4: open night.
SAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor, near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator: new
furniture: hot and cold water; radiators; Bait
sea baths; suites and single rooms.
MKE. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia; all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard st.
A FINE *u.t to order $10 75, or pants %i 75; our
epeeiaity in remnants allows us to sell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMOS. 1117
»!arket Ft., bet. 7th and Sth. prop. One-prioe
T^ilorinic Co. r«32 Kfarny near Pacto.; also
3644 Market *t.. under Ht.' Nicholas.
, MONDAY. MARCH 12.
Sun rises .' t:t%
Sun seta 6:l*
Moon sets..'. :.4:10 a. m.
O Time Time Time Time • •
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L W H W L W H W ¦
11 ... 2:59 J. 7 8:54 5.0 3:SC 0.4 10:10 S.(t
13 ... 1:42 I.S »:4S 6.1 »:54 O.« 10:42 5.1
14 ... 4:20 1.9 10:33 8.1 4:SO 0.» 11:10 5.3
15 ... 4:55 l.« 11:15 6.0 S:0O 1.1 11:35 *.l
16 ... ' 5:»« 1.3 11:57 4.9 5:J7 1.4
lIWLW H W L W
17 .. 0:00 5.2 C:O2 \.O 12:» 4.* 5:55 1.7
18 ... 0:22 8.2 6:33 0.8 UiO[ 4.t S:gj «.»
NOTB— In. the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are tfv«n la the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order nt occurrence as to time. Th<»
second time column elves the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tid»
and the last or right hand column rfves ' th«
last tide of the day. except when there ar« but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. Th« heights
given are In addition to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precede* the height,
and then the number given ls subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of,
reference Is the meac of, the lower low waters.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house: 11 £0 to $6 per week.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E M Roberts, Bksfleld T J. Donovan, Ventura
A Pennlnßton, ITklah E P Pihl,' Detroit
R E Donahue, Ukiah A F Gray, S A • : I
C-H Carder & wf. Oak H M Alvery, wf & son,
S Dannenbaum. Valjo- Colusa.
J D Smith. Danville Dr J J Tully. Stockton
R A Plckreir, Highland L Brileau, Chicago
Springs ¦ ¦¦-•¦-¦. C A Sterke. St Barbara
H Henry. Berkeley Philip Cohn, Stockton
H Oaks, Berkeley G W Towle, Towle- '
B Stills, Berkeley Mrs Lorlng, Angels
H D Parkin, Stanford F C Van Walbeck. Soto
H H Bell, Stanford ! Mrs F B McKevitt,
C J Coen, Oxnard Vacaville
W P Dwyer Sacamtn Miss T McKevitt
J J McDonald. Oklhd Vacaville
F Treskow, Crockett A T Humphrey, Mich'
J B Southard, Bkly G T Williams, Cat
H C Jones. San Jose A W Maltby &wf,
W Burnett & wf. Gun- Concord. N H
nison, Colo | H X Storme, USA
Wm H Endner. wf & . P Sweed. Petaluma
child,, Gunnison, ColojW J Palmer, Petaluma
J X Levy. Portland. G W Walker, Ls Ang.
J N Ersklne. Bonton .I J B Monroe. Chicago :.
H. Warren, Nevada JO Rchnoll, Chicago
F C Lockwood and wf, A L Conard, Red Bluff
Chicaro • G A- McGulre. Vncvr
E Fontaml, Detroit iJ Small, Gait
Mrs G A Fry & son, I J Remmelsburg, Cal
Detroit B Borach, Yolo
F H Langton, Sacto S Schwalb. Copenhagen
F H Thurber. Sacto F P SHRDLSHRD S
J N Schley, Sacto .
¦ PALACE HOTEL.
W J Howp.rd. Pa IMiss A Dillon. Berkeley
Miss X B King. Ls Angio Ferguson & w, Wasn
Miss Q Mackintosh, Caljw B Swain. Marysvllle
Miss M Oilman. L ArigG "Ntxon. . Nevada
F Minahan & w, Ga O ' X Babcock. Chicago
J H Fesler & w.'Cal J C King, Chicago
W A Mason &w. 11l H Murray &w N V
J M Proctor. -Placervil J R Hooper & w. Mass
H C TUcClunv Cal Miss Hooper. Mass
D S Rosenbaum, Cal EN Fenno, Boston
P B Fraser. Stockton - Miss Fenno, Boston
A Dalton Jr. Benlcia N Peters & w, Syracse
B Farland. Chicago W Commons, Minn
Mrs M Jon<*s. Chicago J F More. S Barbara. "
Mrs M Jones. Chicago Mrs A S Staples. N V
V X Sherman. Chicago AS Staples Jr N V
G Wilhelm. Chlcaso J W Morse. NY
C- Noodbaum. Chicago W Bailey St w. Ls Ang
B.Becker, Germany J J Gerson. Phlla
J Bayhr, Germany " F.J-Wadley, Detroit
Q W Johnson. Wis H Faber. U S N
J R Baker.. Chicago C F Aver. Boston
M Kahn. New York D B Hodgsdon & w. La
C V Dudley, NY R S Blome & w. 11l
J B Russell & w. Va I Mrs C Hnsgood, Conn
Mips Russell, Va IMlss A Shugmc.'Conn
II C Dillon. Los Ane If N Shlek & w. Wyo
THE fashionable people all go to LEDERER'R
to have their hr!r dressed; newest styles and
latest, ejects. 2r>c; manicuring. 25c; neatest
¦ parlors in the city. 123 Stockton St.
Sun , Moon and Tide.
MARRIAGE PAPER.
Best published— FßEE.
J. W. GIXXELLS, Toledo. Ohio.
XET.I.TC— OL'PRY
iIME. .Neergaard, Pres. St. Germain College of
I'alnilrtrv: reads 1 tn «. 616 Genrv. nr. Jonea.
A BRANCH office for the, reception of adver-
tisements nnd subscriptions has been opened
Ht 1223 Palk St.; open till 9 p. m.
CHSAPF.&T and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pares, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
ppftare r»ald.
MISCELLWEOfS FOU SALE
f?A ,^ E V ; - * levy fln d second-hand. alTsizes?' THE
kVALTZ SAFE. 108-111 Market st.. San Fran.
DQItESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers; plated;
- .»" no> ' t ngw : cheap. 191S Mission st.. near Uth.
lift. CKEEMT3 C. X mange cure; by alt drug-
rr:yt». cr IVy Hospital. HO Golden Gate aye.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawer*; platedl
¦- a-lmprt new ; cheap. 1915 Mission St.. near 15th.
ONE 4-K|.led Fticker: 1 planer and matcher: I"
- - *"* ootnorweon I locomotives. r!9 Fremont.
13OILITRS. eneir»».. drill presses, pranes. InthesT
iron a- wrvid; Td-hand. J. nURICv 1M Beale.
SHSfLLI.ANGOt!* \VA.\TS.
3 H. P. sasrllre boat, l'.pht drausbt; also sev-
er*l :o t.. ft iMHwpmrer leadline -nglnes. cr
; W<aw .with firebox boilers. Rox 4473, Call.
¦VVANTEI*— .--»-cf r.-5-hond uprieht piano for
'"I 1 . H t. WHITKUKAr>. tT O Vnrket Ft
OFFICE* AMI STOltlisI — TO LET.
fcOLDEX GATE aye.. l^^-Store, with Hvirr
rooms, suitable for any business; with stable;
«¦<-"•''! locatiou far delicacy store; rent reduced.
BOTTABD. IS», n-ar Twelfth— Store and room
¦n rear; t>«id t^:(=fr.esn location; rent cheap
Apply MADISON & HfRKr.
COAL yard and stable; O'Farrell st.. near Tay-
Sor: "«>u rental; flr*t -class location. Apply
f MADISON k HURKE.
I]3-rn let: minny tt«jre: rounters and shelving.
and 'living rooms. :OC£ Natoma, near 11th.
niMAfrnECKELS bulldtnc. 327. Market St. •
punrj- effiees. $;5 per month.
¦ R00315 IOn UOt'SEKEEFIA'G.
CALIFORNIA, 2523— Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range: reasonable.
EDDY, 613— Parlor floor; elegant Eunny rooms;
every convenience; reasonable;. will separate.
ELLIS. I"2S— Two unfurnished alcove rooms to
let for lious-keeplng. •. -
FIFTH. SC9 — New house; 2 nicely furnished
s«unn.v connecting housekeeping rooms; rea-
93r>ab!e to parties without small children;
other rooms.
OKART. 475— I.arge alcove front room; house-
if desired; also other room cheap^
GOCDEN GATE aye., 311— Laree front alcove
room, ga>=. bath arl running water, for light
housekeeping; private family: r?-fs. ; $14 oiriy.
HOWARD, C4»— 2 front housekeeping rooms.
with every convenience; also bath.
HOWARD. 1524— • sunny rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; gas range.
HOWARD. IllJ',4— Two rooms for housekeeping ;
i~; aljo s-ln^le rooms.
MARKET. 1352. "The Monarch." opp. Odd Fel-
low*" Hall— 2 nice furnished connecting house-
keeping rooms,, all conveniences; aleo 2 nice
ai;d sunny front rooms for light housekeeping,
MIXNA. 2S— Sunny front rooms for housekeep-
ing; il 50 per week.
VAN NESS. 402 — 3 sunny connecting rooms,
complete fur housekeeping; stationary tubs;
yard. V-
A THOROUGHLY well-built houpe of nine'
rooms, with' all modern conveniences, gas,
etc.; lot 52x160: near the university: price $4500.
MASON & McLENATHEN,
Adjoining P. 0.. Berkeley.
beloved wife of James H. Lewis, and daugh-
ter of. Ann' McMahon,: and sister of John- J.;
Philip P.; Charles F. and George W.WflMe-
Mahon,' Mrs. a W. T.' I ' Boyle and -Mr*. A. T.
Hynes. a native of San Francisco,' Cal., aged
43 years and 10 months. . - '; ? - . -
E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the. funeral this day
(Monday): at 9:30 o'clock," from her late resi-
dence. SIIA Greenwich street, thence to; St.
Francis Church, where at solemn -"requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of. her
¦ soul, ¦: commencing at 10 ; o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ' ? .
LINDEN— In this . city, - March 11, 1900," Her-
bert beloved son of Mr. and '< Mrs.':- William
Limlen. a native of California, aged lyear
and : months. -
LINEHAN— In this city. JMarch 11. 1900,' James,
.beloved son'of John and Catherine Llnehan.
a native of Sari Francisco, aged 1 year and 10
months. - .
MELSE— In Manila. December IS, 1599. Mtlton
S. Melse. -.late -member of Company D, First
Washington Volunteer*, a native of.Callfor r
nla,' aged 2<> years.- • . , - r
CTFriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, to-morrow
(.Tuesday), : at . t o'clock, from ¦ the ' mortuary
chapel of the GolSen Gate Undertakins Com-
pany. 2-123 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. V
McGREGOR— In this city. March 10, 1900. Jane,
¦dearly beloved.wife of John,, Findlay Mc-
GreEor, a native of Keith. BamffEhire, Scot-
land, aged 52 years. (Scotch papers please
copy.) ; " i , v
IC^Fr'.cnds and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invitsd- to- attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from; the parlors of
§ the California*. Undertakintr ? Company* 403
Powell street, near Post. Please omlt.flow-
! ors.
MILLER— In this city. March 10. 1900, Peter,
•- beloved husband of Mary Scheihlng' Miller,
father of- Louis and Wilhelm Miller, and
brother of Joseph Miller and Pauline Rutz, a
native of Germany, aged 42 years 8 months
and 13 days.. •
\ (C?" Remains at the funeral parlors of
Charles W. Jacob & Co., 318 Mason street,
between Geary and O'Farrell.. . '¦¦•¦¦',""¦
NICHOLS— June 10. 1599. Captain Henry E.
Nichols. United States navy, beloved husband
.of Juliet E.'Nlchols, In command of the
TTnlted States shlr> Monadnock. during the
battle of Paranaqne. Manila Ray, P. I.; a
native of New York State, aged 56 years 3
months nnd 14 day*.
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the furi>ral' this. day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from Masonic- Tem-
ple, corner Twelfth and Washington streets.
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. ¦ •;¦:;.¦ ¦ . . . . ' . : ; .- . -
O'NEILL— In this city. March 11. 1900. at his
residence, 1516 Sanchez street, Charles P.
O'Neill, beloved father of Mrs. William H.
Gaean, and brother of Richard O'Neill' and
Mrs. David O'Mahoney. a native of Ireland,
aged i 74 years. (Sacramento papers please
copy.) ¦ . ... -
tCTNotice of funeral hereafter. ¦
RF.ILLY— In Oakland. . March 10. 1900, Patrick
"Rellly, . beloved father of M. E. and B. J.
Rellly and Mrs. ;M. A. Reddy.a native of
County Longford, Ireland, nged.7s years.
' tjTrionds , and Jicijualntances are- respect-
fully Invited to atteml the funeral this day
(Monday), at S:3O o'clock.- from the funeral
parlors of James McManus. Seventh and Cas-
tro streets, Oakland, thence to the Church of
the Immaculate Conception, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing- at ? o'clock. . Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
IF you wish full value for your cast-eft eloth-
ir.c rail on B. Cohen. 1" Third: tel. Black 41M.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold Silverman. 954 Folsom ; tel. Folsom 1191.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M. HEINEMAN. 1W Sansome «t.
K7AMMEF.I.VO corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
H<iRN. A.M.. Ph.D.. IKIS Linden. Oakland.
PHYSICIAN'S A.\U SUtCEO.VS.
DR. C. C. O' IKINNELI^— Office and reildence,
SOMVi Market Ft., bet. Klxth and Seventh.
l'Li mui:iis.
W. E~LANxTphone M«!a 215. COS Calllornla
•ft.: everyhndy's r.'umber.
at ALT "KSTATE^^ITY— FOR—SALEI
'C^ilT"£rECK & CO. -^~%~~-^
Ixian Money.
€C 7 Market st.. opposite Kearny.
t«O,rtor. — Orand corner. 75 ft. frr/nt; half -block
from Market «t_. not far from 6th; rents $300.
S,">s. < »*>— Hare Investment: vicinity Powell and
</eary: 4-«torj' brirk building; Mures aad lodg-
ing-house above; 2f> feet front.
$4,s.ooo— Corner: rents $4uO;- modern improve-
r.f-r;ts; lot KIKISC feet.
S^.f-OO — Near Eddy and Jones; »tore and tt
rooms above: modern: pays 7 per cent net. •
f24. f <o<)— Sixth »t. ; 73 feet front; rents J2400
yearly; goud buildings; 4 stores.
j*»>f(b —^ix .->f;ii.t new flata; lot 50x100 ft.;
til rented for $*.4 a month: grand bargain.
J7CJO— t=ix good fiats: renti $360 yearly; down-
town: lot So feet front.
$000 — ? choice Cats; Hayes St.: mortgage
$4^l*): a snap.
$6iv.x)— pott St.; 3 rood flats; rents $60; lot
CTxllO.
¦ $£UVV-Corner store and 6-rocrn fiat; rents $37;
£or*clowire.
' $2150—4 fiats within few blocks of Sth and
Market Fts.; rent« $3Tj.
JlTfiO— Two ni^-e fiats: rents $16.50.
J75u — Six room* and lot 4'x72 feet.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. Ct7 Marke.t st.
SGBSH I'FORH, 402 Pine et..
Ouuosite the Nevada Bank.
t3.",o<w>— An rxeellent centrally located business
property, ravins * P«r cent.
ji^oo— RT.t J45; a corner proi>erty on Clay «t. ;
F'.(ir»» and dweilinss.
piRK I^JTS-AN EAST METHOD TO GET
¦ $15 down and payments of less than 2c per
<=.r.y for 27 months will buy a fine park lot.
<5n lnstaliments; $13 down and $5 per month;
I rice SIS*: perk 1-^ts 25x120 feet each; well lo-
- oaWd: only £ blocks from the park and 4
blocks from th» boulevard. Also on payments
t,t I", and 15 per month, lots 2^xloo feet in the
I larden Tract, near the terminus of San Bruno-
* libo or lets" each— Lots 2Sxloo In Silver Ter-
ra/^. near Silver aye.
~~~ JSBOO
*'' "i-Scath; balance monthly payments
Rents S7lo»a year
iew'moaera fiats Just finished. C3l Waller St..
between Tierce and Scott; one short block
from Halchl et. cars. F. NELSON, builder.
. on pretr.ls^ ,
OVLY "VOO- cost JUOO each; offered at Just the
-amount of mornrnge; 3 of the choicest lots in
Ki.-hinond: all work done; ready for
$150 firM payment: easy quarterly
llymert'f to rait: Hose to electric and cable
carr- ir.e^e lotf are elevated and well lo-
ra'ed- this i* a fine chance fox: any en« under
: i MiirV ?o get a home. W. J. GUXN. ISO
"California irt^ | ,
RSQ^WORTH »««»: *tor^. 2 'rooms bath : flat
»i>ove. I room*, bath; rented t3O. 341. Pacllio.
FOB sale cheap— Dash. K. of .Van Ness aye. ;
rire Urge reirlence; could l« turned Into
i'pib" et srr.fi; txpenfe: very funny; lot £0x
\zj-A. Apply ftore 31^6 Larkln st.
f-<K»— OWNL'H tailed KsFt: nothing cheaper nor
better: S rooms; Presidio Heights. C. ZZi
iiooVtoaterr ml., room 417.' •
lF~you"have lot* in Rlchmond'district, north of
thY Park, that y"U wifh to tt-ll quickly then
rn'A on W. J. CUJCN. ISO California st.
ML'FT »>" »»14— A modem cottage of 6 rooms
end l>»th: on amount of fif-kriesK. Please call
-or add.re*s JIS Third aye.. near Sacramento st.
COTTACi;— ; rooms, bath. bai=»ir.T.t, stable; l k
hlock frcm Market «t. Apply 2403 roisom st.
liVTvii J'ou real ?*tate tn the Minsion or Hor-
"pt's- Afldltirn that vo« wish toMtfprwe o.
then caH on W. J. OIIXX. M 0 California »t.
A WEF.K'F rews for 6 rents— The Weekly Call.
36 p»re*. !n wrapper, for n»-;Uwg. SI per year.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
r'all IS pages, * #ent to - any address in the
United State*, postpaid, for Jl per year.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Louis "A. ' and Rosa Levy and Leopold Michels
to- Carrie ¦• Michel*.- Mot yon N line of O'Farrell
s.treet : 110 E of Octavla.* E 27:6 by N 120; 51ft.
"- Co-operative Mutual UuiUling and Loan Asso
ciation "to' Frances R.rJ^ayes.. lot.onE line of
Treniont avenue.' SlS :6- S of Frederick street, S
25 by E SO; $Koo. ¦¦¦,:'_¦. ¦. • •
William Patterson to Annld Patterson, lot on
SE s line of ¦ Howard ¦ street, , 175 SW of . Twelfth;
SW 25 by SE 137:6 (reser\inß life estate); grift.'-'
Thomas : W. , s Kathe A., " Christopher C. and
Lllv A.* Rivers to George Austin, • lot on W. line
of Clara avenue, 478 N of, Eighteenth street,. N
26by' W 136:110. £' - * - . ? > ; ,
.A.-.P.'Hotalinff & Co (a corporation) to F.H.
Davis, ¦ lot on SW corner, of Davis and : Broad
way, W- 66:3 by 8.30; $10. ..-;;, ¦ •-:
¦ -Andrew B.\ JleCreery. to same. lot. on Sline
of Broadway, €6:8 .W of Davis 1 ?treet,\W 25, S
137-6 E £1:8, N, 107:6.% W. 66 :S.N* 30; $10. ;
*- Peter and Mary Riehter ; to James • Harrigan,
lot on N' line of Merchant 'street,' 23 E of Dun
bar alley>E 20:2V4 by N 68:9; »10. -.»¦¦;--¦••:¦ ?. v >
: Virginia ;• Ferea * (or ' Ferrea) : to Joseph, I Lulgi.
Elizabeth and Rosa C." Ferea.' undivided half of
the following: .^Undivided: half of lot on SW
corner of Greenwich and Stockton street*. S 44:8
by-WiTO; also property outside of county, -v. ::.-,
an Joseph, 1 Lulgl, Elizabeth ' and ¦ Rosa -C. Fere*
to I Virginia I Ferea • (or ; Ferrea),t undivided half
of same,,two pieces (agreement and deed). ' ,"-„"
Sharon ' Estate Company (.a ' corporation) to
Friends of the Forest.
At the meeting; of Lincoln , Ijodge '¦: last
Monday inight | there .was | a , good- attend
ance of members and a number, of
were present/; Mrs. H; : M/ Jingles,; past
supreme ! president,"; who for ' considerable
time was a resident , of 5 Texas, has ; re
turned 1 here /for .-a -few months tand has
resumed her membership in this lodge.
The next meeting of. the Supreme Lodge
of ' this order - will i be . held iin ¦ this 1 city,
commencing on the first Tuesday in 'June
next/ /It is probable that •at that session
the order will' be -inconiorated.-- Lincoln
Lodge at ; the ¦¦ meeting : last l Monday; night
decided in" favor of Incorporation. , ¦
The Guild's Invitation.
San Francisco Chapter No. ; 328 , of ., the
American Guild has decided- to give its
invitational ball in Golden .Gate Hall on
the night of the; 3oth inst. It will be an
evening dress. function and the hat | and
cloak rooms willibe at the disposal - of
guests -The ¦' grand march" will be at -a
quarter ; of 9. ; The " committee in charge
will make the affair select and enjoyable.
At the meeting of wthe. chapter last Wed
nesday night the committee reported that
all arrangements , had .: been t completed, i
Arrangements are beinsr madu for the
organization' of a new chapter ;n this
city.- -- '¦', : ''r' ¦¦.¦••;- ¦ .:¦¦,• :>..' .. .
Shipping Intelligence.
SPECIAL AOTICKS.
TO SAIL.
nOOMS AND HOAILD.
A— HOTEL La Normandle. S2B Eddy— Sunny
suites ar.d sinple rooms; everything new; first-
class table, and service; prices moderate.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT, 1714 Market st.— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny rooms: en suite or sln-
pl»: with or without board; table first class;
Ancient Order of Foresters.
A new court called Santa Amanda. was
instituted last week in this city with
forty-one charter members by High. Chief
Ranger Boehm. A. E. Craig is the chief
ranger and A. H. Thompson the secretary.
The preliminary steps have -been taken
to organize a new court in the Potrero
district., , , -' ' : - - <+:'¦ --"•¦ ¦-;¦;¦>;>.¦.¦•¦
The several courts of the jurisdiction are
now electing delegates to the High Court
that is to hold its session in this city in
May next, commencing on the Bth of that
month. ¦
Court Oak Grove gave an anniversary
party on the night of the 21st Inst. and
had a very enjoyable time. Court Del
Monte will give a party on the night of
the Ist of March In Foresters' building.
7 High Chief Ranger Boehm will shortly
visit Oregon and Washington, and on his
return will visit Courts Keswick and Cas
tle Rock In Shasta County in this State.
Lincoln Lodge now has a membership
of 135 In good standing; and at Its last
held meeting added $100 to. its bank ac
count, which in less than three years has
Increased to nearly $1000.
TO ARRIVE.
EHKRJSAN Apartment House. 2i Klghth St..
near Market— Furnished ami unfurnished.
6T. PETER'S licuce. 7C5 California— Chnngea
hands: nicely furnished rooms; also house-
keepir.p rooms.
KLECTRIC lights in ever)' room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 100 rooms:
tic to Jl 50 per night; $1 M to $( per week;
fret.'b'js and bapgase to and from the ferry.
I*OLK, T.i£— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms>; suite and sinple; rent cheap.
WANTKD— OId cold for manuf'ir. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. I 4» O'Karrell. her. Powell and Mason.
i3I,ANDS' eecond-hand olothirjr store. 79 Ninth:
full m!m given for ladies', children's cast-off
flothir:*. trunk?, etc. Phone, Howard 1182.
FOR sale — Gas rnnpe. bed and dlnlng-rocra
CAPE NOME gold rocker; cheapest aad best.
On exhibition at 191114 Mission «t.
HAIGHT. 220— Sunny furnished alcove; gas;
bath; phone; dinner if desired.
HARRISON. 7S4H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
niehed sunny rooms; bath; uil conveniences;
nifnrelike; $1 week up.
LARKIN. ITC2. near Wat-hlngtop— Kunny alcove
or sraail room with private family.
MINNA, r.37— One small furnished front room.
Pr.IVATE C»tectiv« work; reasonable rates
!'• years' experience. J. B. RAY. SST Jessie st,
Ll-:DEHEI{ Qulntonica is & perfect hair tone;
25c bot. Lederer's foahio shampoo is the
be*t f>c pke. G. LKDiCKER. 1^ Stockton st.
IS NOT A LADY.
PKRSOXALS.
AUCTION, THURSDAY,
CARLOAD OF - DRIVING AND DRAFT
HORSEd, Without Limit or Reserve, at 11 a.m-
5170 MARKET BTREET.
PALMISTUV.
PAKT.\ERS WANTED.
PARTNER war.ted !n a thoroug!i'.y established
•rholesala business; J20.000 necessary. If you
ivave. nut the money da not answer. Box
44SS CaJl office.
OPIUM, morphine and whisky habit cured at
hoT.t; "absolutely painless" ; no cure no pay;
write for bock. Oyerine Medicin- Co.. box
*198. Atlanta, <Ja.
OPII'.H
i:0-5=TOEE: 2 show windows and S large
rrwrr.y; adarnei* to pr.y tiu*!n»**. 422 Plxth St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofnee, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubrcrlptiun* has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia st. >—:•»; -;.,«-
linUKELEY REAL ESTATE.
YOU. still have a chance to make money by
buying Berkeley property. »• . ¦- • >
Just because the owner is hard up and needs
money we are celling lots within sight of the
university, size 50x141, for $400.
MASON & McLENATHKN,
Adjoining P. 0., Berkeley.
FILIPINOS OF
DONSOL READILY
SURRENDERED
Only a Few Rifles and an
Old-FasKioned Cannon
in the City./
Inhabitants Fled in Dismay on
.the Approach" of the Helena and
••; i Concealed Themselves
in the Woods.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
BORSOGON, Luzon, Jan.- 21. — Colonel
Howe and four companies; of the Forty
seventh Regiment were no sooner estab
lished at Sorsogon than General Kobbe
gave 'orders for the occupation of Bulan
and Donsol. J Bulan is twenty-five miles
south of ¦ Sorsogon and Donsol"; Is thirty
miles, above it..' They, are both small coast
towns. Companies A and D of the Forty
seventh were transported, by the Helena
to Donsol and Company, B was carried by
the Nashville to Bulan. . " • .-
When the Helena- appeared off Donsol
men and women could be seen leaving the
town,' carrying bundles of household goods
with^them. ' iU '. .-';: .
The beach \ trenches were lined with
peering; faces," and the only: flag over the
town was SDanlsh. Donsol appeared as
a few zinc-roofed warehouses ; and some
long lines of thatthed huts on a low tan
gle of green jungle on the -coast. One
company of soldiers "was loaded 'into the
Helena's small boats. This action was
immediately followed by much ! activity
behind the trenches, whereupon the lead
ers of this •' expedition ' decided ' upon
another course of action. The Helena's
launch, with Major Wise and Lieutenant
Kobbe on board, ran in forthe beach,
towing, a small rowboat. When' close to
the shore the launch stopped and the row
boat, manned by three Filipinos and car
rying a big white flag of truce, landed in
front of the trenches. Meanwhile .the
Helena had cleared for action a/id the
soldiers still on "board were sent to cover,
while . those already in the small boats
were waiting just astern in tow of the
tug Nunez: The British gunboat : Clover
had meantime come in from the south and
was now, lying to a few "hundred yards
from the Helena. ... - . .' •
It is doubtful if she was recognized from
the shore as other than an American ship.
Sparred for Dslay. • .
The boat with the flag of truce soon re
turned to the Helena, and a. little later
Major Wise announced the result of the
parley, saying, "They want until 3 o'clock
this afternoon to decide whether- tht-y
want to resist us or surrender, but I guess
we'll be going ashore right now."
The company in the boats started for
the beach, and the Helena prepared- to
plow the village up in case our men were
llrcd on.' . - ._•¦:.
When our men landed on the beach not
a face was to be seen, at the trenches.
We formed In company front and then
small squads were started through the
town. It was absolutely deserted, not a
soul being in sight. In the streets .were
half-pillaged trunks and bundles of house
hold goods, food and clothing.
Finally, on a low hill, about 600 yards be
hind-the town the enemy was discovered
clustered in and about a small trench and
around a last century muzzle-loading can
non. , . ' ' ' '."
Meanwhile Major Wise had gone to the
door of the : house from which fleW the
Spanish flag. • He knocked at the door,
and the commander of the Filipino forces
in that town, the local president and the
civil governor of the district, all in the
person of a brown man in a Filipino uni
form, came and lot him in. :
Flag Hauled Down.
'-'Will you fiaul down that Spanish flasr?
I want to put this one in its place," said
the major, producing the American flag.
There was< no -objection to the. request,
and the stars mnd stripes soon floated
over Donsol.': : ¦
The Helena. quickly landed the second
company. ¦
As Captain Hart and a dozen men were
crossing the rice fields between, the town
and the hill, where the enemy were, there
was a sudden volley :of about twenty bul
lets from the Filipinos. Most of the bul
lets sang over Captain Hart's head, on
over the village and so out to sea. The
enemy were firing high. They had left
us a message in town'saylng they would
give us battle on the heights.
• "Send .them word thatif they do not
surrender and bring in their cannon . in
two hours I'll have the navy shell their
position," answered Major Wise. ; '/,.'.-;.
Hilltop Deserted.
The President found 1 a messenger for
this reply, and he was on his way to the
hilltop when the first volley was • tired.
Then began the storming of Donsol
Heights. We had been told there was
but twenty, rifles and a small store of
ammunition among the insurgents, and aa
our soldiers started «for" the hill" we saw
the enemy disappearing from -their
trenches at its top. No one thought they
were waiting for us. Our soldiers went
laughing, panting and stumbling through
the jungle that grew on the hillside and
came to the top victorious, for there was
no. enemy in sight. . From beside the old
brass cannon there was a good view of
the country behind the town, and as we
looked the woods began to show our fleet
footed enemy. They^peered out at us from
behind nearly every clump of ; trees. We
caught sight of them in threes and dozens
as the slunk ; through the Jungle, appar
ently waiting to comeb ack Into town,
but not- quite flaring to attempt it. From
a clump of bushes not a hundred yards
away .we presently: flushed two natives.
They came holding out their bows and
arrows and trembling with fear. When
Major Wise told -them later they would
be paid money for carrying water for the
American soldiers these two men asked:
"Is this true, or is it some-joke?"
Harsh tales had been told them of what
the Americans would do to prisoners and
this promise of work and wages could not
be believed ;without special- assurance of
its truth and validity.''
¦'..' -*. Chinese Stayed to -Pillage. ;. ;
The Chinese residents of Donsol had hot
abandoned the • town. They hid away in
shacks and warehouses, coming out later
in the afternoon and taking advantage of
such opportunities as the occupation by
our soldiers made possible to loot Filipino
houses. But this practice was -quickly
terminated by- the American officers. ~ ,
There was little enough food ~in <this
town of Donsol and back in the hills there
is still less. The natives , already -have
begun to come back to the village, bring
ing their families and as this continues
Major Wise will soon have a" communi ty
to administer. ; , •
Company B and the Nashville. met with
no resistance at Bulan. ¦ The natives did
not'abandon the town, but Instead crowd
ed down to the beach to witness our land-
Ing. " It seems that about : three : weeks
ago three Tagalos walked Into Bulan and
in the name of thc^ Filipino Government
ordered- the townspeople to construct
trenches'. for c.thee .the" defense of ' the place.
This -the people did. whereupon the Ta
galos ¦ went * away and that* was i the . first
and ' the , last time . the * people • of . Bulan
ever saw any insurgents. ; Bulan :• has • suf
fered ¦ much from /lack of food -during
the six months of the blockade, .
AUGTION SALES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY, MARCH '12, 11000.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
• SPECIAL SALE
fe - AT &S
SWITZERS STOCKYARDS,
I2th ani Harrison Streets,
TO-MORROW.
TUESDAY - - - March 13th,
' at 11 o'clock/*
CO HEAD BROKE AND UNBROKE HORSES,
'from 5 to S years old; weight from 1000 tt>
l«0. SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
' . • Auctioneer*.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
DON'T FORGET
THE BIG AUCTION SALE
ONE - HUNDRED - HEAD - HORSES - AND
MUIJS3.
AT 1v23 MARKET ST.. NEAR TWELFTH.
THIS DAY.
MONDAY. March 12. at 11 o'clock.
Rain or Shine.
THOS. MA DIG AN.
OAK I* AM) REAL ESTATE.
NORTH OAKLAND Investments for quick re-
turns.
$475— A gcod building lot 75x100, bet. Grove
and West »ts.
S7CO— A Grove-et. corner; lot £ox9o. ¦•./":-
s7iO— A 4-room hard-finished cottage; lot 33x
ICO; rented for $S4 per annum.
$950r-A choice building lot, 40x1(10: W. side of
Telegraph aye. Other buys In proportion, -' v <
R. J. MONTGOMERY, .
470 Thirteenth sj... Oakland.
FOR sale in Oakland— 2 blocks from - Adeline
station. In best residence neighborhood; large
mo<3«-rn house; every convenience: lot 100x182
or 6^x132. an desired; cheap to clone estate:
terms if desired. HERON & lIOLCOMB. IWO
Broadway. Oakland; Crocker building, S. F.
}7f.O— liODGINCJ house of 40 rooms; best location
in Oakland; apply quickly. ALDEN CO., HIS
Broadway.
AUCTION SALE
£* £* . £&
.WEDNESDAY. March 14. at II CClock.
AT GRAND ARCADE HORSE : MARKET.
' 327 SIXTH STREET.
40 head good gentle Horses, suitable for all
purposes. Horses guaranteed. Must bo as rep-
resented or money refunded. * .
* *, * **¦ . " BXTLLJVAN ft DOYLE.
J3OOO— TERMS to suit; fine modern 7-room
house; nice lot and neighborhood; cost $5000: a
snap. Address Wil. I*. TODD, . 107U Broad-
way. Oakland. ; .
$4500 WILL buy new modern house, 12 rooms;
fine improvements; large stable. 1520 Eighth
aye., Oakland; keys next door south.
OAKLAND Branch Office of *The Call re-
moved to 111S Broadway. . Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
ROOMS TO I.ET — Knrn. nndUnfarn.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms
2ic to Jl per night; {I 25 to }i per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BOHEMIA. 23? Post Ft., cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner suite and ningle rooms: hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st told No. 1364)-Fur-
nished rms.. suite?, single; also unfurnished.
CARKOLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
«ye.— Sunny corner; well furn. ; rms. & offices.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
SUNNY rooms, single, en suite and housekeep-
ing; $4 »ip. Hotel Shasta. 1226 Broadway.
ELMS. tJS— Elegantly furnished front and back
)<arlor; also single room.
OAKLAM) FURNITUIIE FOII SALK.
AN introduc'ioh to you fppm H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
FOL&OM. *65. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furn'fhed rooms; suites or single; new rogmt
FOLSOM. S2O-Lar«re furnished room, with use
of kitchen; also single; S3 and 14 per month.
FOURTH. 222 - Nicely furnished bay-wlDdow
and single rooms; reasonable; quiet.
LUVlijk\D ;M»TJCKS.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 7 (25 cents
per share) of the Kiiauea Sugar Plantation
Co., will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market St., on and after Thursday,
" March 15, 1000. Transfer books will close on
Saturday, March 10. 1900. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary. ,
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, suites or single : travelers accom.
GOLDEN GATE aye., BVi~ Furnished rooms, $6
and {7. " •
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent. b>
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at cither of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
HENRY— In this city. March 10, 1900, to the
wife of William P. Henry, a son.
McDEVITT— In this city. March 8, 1900, to the
wife of Charles F. McDevltt. a son.
MINNA. 6C7. corner Eighth— New furnished
bay window room. 51 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1210 — Sunny room for two; running
water; grate; gas; quiet houpe.
O'FARRELL. JD-Sunny furnished rooms und
offices; elevator: electric liehts: day. wk.. mo.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms. ;
suites or finelc; running water; gas: reao.
MAKRIED.
HOFFMAN— FRANKE— In this city. March 6.
1900, by Rev. J. Fuendeling. August W. Hoff-
man and Maria Franke, both of Byron, Con-
tra Cotta County, Cal.
DE LUCCA— SULLIVAN— In this city. Feb-
ruary 21 1900, by Rev. Father Caraher, N.
de Lucca and A. Sullivan, both of this city.
SAUR— SEISS— In this city, March 7, 1900, by
Rev. J. Fuendeling, Theodore Saur and
Helena Seiss.
SCHLEU— SOERENSEN— In this city. March
11, 1900. by Rev. J. Fuendeling. A. Hermann
W. Schleu and Christine Soerensen.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming houae
tcr Rood people. U. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TWENTY-SECOND. 3232— Sunny rooms, double
or single, furnished; gas and bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ; ..v -f • ¦
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisement', nnd subscriptions has been opened
e.t 172Z Pflk ft.: open until 9p. m. ¦>'-• vt
TURK. 214— Elejantly furnished alcove and
perlor suites-; single rooms; board optional;
moderate.
BUSH. 913— Fine sunny rooms, with board.
SMOO -.
""-One'ftfth ca?h. balance monthly payment*..
•'• ....Rents J720 a year
" \ew : modern flats, Just finished. «31 Waller
rt bet Pierce and Scott: 1 »hort block frpm
•Hai*M-Ft car*. F. NELSON, builder, on
: . jiremisep^
- Alameda County.;
Margaret J. Jones to Wesley J. Baker; lot. on
NE corner of Weston avenue (or Thirty-eighth
street) and Ruby street. N 132.5. E JO.IS. »
130.24. W 30.26 to beginning, being lot 1. block
C, Broadway and Telegraph avemie Park Tract,
being a resubdiviaion of blocks A to E. Weston
Tract, Oakland: $10. •
Edward Rockhlll to George E. Donaldson, lot
5 block 2094, Alden Tract at Temescol, Oak
land; 1509. - ' •'.-¦¦ - ¦ "
Eliza Shepard (wife of James H.) to 11. W.
Cole and E. P Calne. lot on SW line of East
Seventeenth street. 1&0 NW of Twenty-first
avenue. NW 37 :S by SW 140, being lot 17 and
the SE half of lot 18, block 38. Son Antonio.
East Oakland: $15. . -„ : ' . ' . •
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Ed
win. B. Maittick. lot 70 in plat 27. Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland Township: $390. .
-, Robert Speer. to Annie Speer, lot on N lln*
of Oregon street. 175 W of Fulton. W 25 by N
134:6. being the E half of lot Jl. block E, map
of southern portion of, Blake estate. Berkeley;
Elizabeth Trader to State Savings Bank, lots
29 and SO, block C. Amended Map Christiania
Tract. Berkeley; also lots 3 to 8. block F. same.
Oakland Township; $10.
Letitia Achcson to Pearl O. Hlgglns, lot on
N line ©f Forest avenue, 90 E of College way.
N 102:5 by E 94:«, being the E 83 feet of lots 3
and 4 and all of lot 5, block A, map of prop
erty of Berkeley Homestead Association. Berke
ley. $9uo.
North Alameda Land Company to Otto Pet
ersen, the W 12,4 feet of lot 10 and all of lot
11. block 13. North Alameda Tract. Brooklyn
Township: $420. /
R. J.McMullen to Martha D. Hume, lots 15
and 16 and NE half of lot 17. block V, amended
map Moss Tract, Brooklyn Tpwnshlp: $10.-
Georce and Stella M. Levlston to Percy O.
Betts lot onE line of Grant street. 240 N of
Rose street. N 40 by E 133. being lot 9, block
B Leviston Tract. Brooklyn Township: $5.
Frank C. and Emma O. Jarvis to Edward
Salz. lots 2 and 3. block C 5. map of town of
Niles, Washington Township; $925. .
F A and Mac G. Losh to John M. Phllpott.
lo>an E line of Market street. 59 N of Thirty
third, N 31 by E Jl«:3. block K. Map of prop
erty of Central Land Co, Oakland: $10.
Joseph P. and Llllie Dieves to Hyacinth Gil.
lot oh W line of Center street. 34 N of West
Thirteenth. N 15 by W ICO, being lot «. block
580 A on Map of Peralta and Center . streets
land's, Oakland: $1000. -.
Minnie A. and F. E. Robinson to Elizabeth
•Mac Donald. lot on NW corner of Ashby and
Shattuck avenues. W 80 by N 100. being lots 4
and 5. block B, Adeline tract, Berkeley: $10.
P. A. Finntgan (by Oscar L. Rogers. Sheriff)
to Frank S. Oliver, all interest in following:
Lot on SE corner of Dwlght way and Ellswurth
street. 8 265:3.84. E 165. N 130:9.84, E 62, N 134:6.
W 217 to beginning. Berkeley: also lot on NE
corner of Dwight way and Ellsworth street. E
100 by N 150; Berkeley; also lot on SE corner of
Ellsworth and Haste streets. E 150 by 8 K.
Berkeley; $1532. - '
Orvllle C- P. Goodspeed, Annie A. Stanford
and Jennie M. Snowjcrass to John H. Sprin*.
lot on NW corner Huff and Frultvale avenuei,
NE 130 by NW 115, Brooklyn Township: also
lot beginning »t a point SE 11» from NW comer
of Huff and Fruitvale avenues, thence NE ISO.
NW 15.V SW ISO. SE 155 to beginning, quitclaim
deed, Brooklyn Township: $5.
Daniel Sullivan (as executor) and O. C. - P.
Goodspeed (as administrator estate of Lucy C.
Goodspeed) to same, all Interest In same,
Brooklyn Township: $1500.
G W. Fisher to Puget Bound Lumber Com
pany, lot on N line of Railroad avenue, 133;*
E of Chapin street, E 33:4 by N 100. Alameda:
also lot on N lfne of Pacific avenue. 13» E of
Bay street. E 37 by NUO. Alameda: $10.
William J. Smith to Xynden Reckless, lot on I
NE corner of San Antonio avenue and Grand,
street N 50 by E 138. being lot 7, block G. Oik
Park. Alameda; aUo lot on E line of Grand
street, 100 N. of San Antonio avenue, N 50 by
E 13S being lot 9. bloclc G, same, Alameda: $lt».
Am'v B. and William .T. Cornwall to Joseph
P and Anna P. Sllva," lot on E line of Filbert
street, 219 8 of Fifth. S 25 by E 125. being lot
17 -block 481, Map of Adeline and Market street
Homestead, Oakland; $1200. . _ . _ •
R H and Mary E. Parkinson to John Rock
liffe*. lot on SW corner of John and Webster
streets W 125 by S 100. being lot 1. block 7.
Howe Tract, Oakland; $10. _
Lewis C. and Lizzie J. Snyder to John Fer
guson, lot 9; block 2007. Alden Tract at Temes
cal. Oakland: $10. - >-•' '_„ _T „
Severin and Fredericka Anderson to St. Paul s
English Evangelical Lutheran Church of Oak
land, lot on NW corner of Linden and Thirty
second streets. N 100 ' by W 45:9, being lot 27
and E 10 feet of lot 28, block- 670, Glaacock
Tr A a^y°L akI s a t n o d n : c Vo'-C. R. Brown, lot on NW
line of Michigan avenue, 29«.32 NE Of Elm
street ¦ NW 120 by NE 60. being lot 287 and the
NE half of lot 256. map of Madison Square.
B?o°hB ?o°h k n ly HoL°:a n fto W M lli V- H. Cooley. lot on w
°b f y^2f.-ffi K 'th 33 e 3: l naif °oofo f f K^-k
570. Oakland: $10. ¦ . ' ' ' _ „
Colin Paul to Manraret Paul, lot on.E line
of Telegraph avenue. 124 N of Walnut street.
N 50 by E 130, Oakland;. gift. • :__ lf
Same to same, lot on N corner of. Clifton
street and College (or ITnivemlty) av*nue^ NW
295 5 N 151.25 SE 187.86 to W line of Collesre
avenue. 193.70 to beginning, being lot 2, block
M Vernon Park Tract. Oakland:' *lft.
George X and Bessie M. Holloway to Emily
Johnson lot 16. block 11. amended map of Cen
tral Park, Alcatra« ¦ and • Newbury stations,
Berkeley; $10. .i. „ ¦, " .. : ; '.f." \j'.- .
San Francisco Savlnirs Union to MaHe A.
CurtU ("wife of M. B.), lot 11. map of Peralta
Park. Berkeley: $1050.:"
Rebecca Henry <Wadde!l). wife of Albert, to
Henry Z. Jones, all interest In blocks 2 and 31,
map of the Allendale Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship : (to correct former deed) ; $5. .
Mary J." Mott to Barbara CHne. lot on W line
of Benton - (or Fifteenth) street. 25* 8 of Rail
road avenue S 50 by .W 150, being lots 19 and
•0. block 26. Fitch Homestead Tract. Alameda:
Julius Generlich to Wllhelmlne Oene'rllch,
lot on STS line of Hays. Caperton and McMurty
Tract distant NE 288 from Us Intersection
with RW line of Monroe street, thence NE 96
by NW 169:3 excepting the 8E 30 feet, being
that portion lying within Versailles avenue,
Alameda; rift.
DIED.
Anderson, Emll L. Levy, George F.
Chodrick. Selma Lewis, Mary C.
Dowdall, Bridget Linden. Herbert-
Golden. Thomas Lintrhan, James
Gray, James Melse, Milton S.
Holmes. Maria . McGregor. Jane
Isaac. Cecelia Miller, Peter
Jacoby. Conrad Nichols. Ca*>t. H. E.
Katzbon. Katherine O'Neill, Charles P.
Kenna. William M, Kellly, Patrick
Keefe, Michael
ANDERSON— In this city, March 11, 1300, Emll
L. Anderson, a native of Sweden, agred IS
years.
jryNotice of funeral In Wednesday morn-
ing's papers.
CHODRICK— In this city. March 10, 1900, Selma,
beUived wife of George R. Chodrick, daugh-
ter of Mrs. Clara and the late. John Ander-
son, and sister of Mrs. Josephine Anderson, a
native of San Francisco, aged 25 years and 6
months.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday). -at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
' Valente. Marini &. Co.. 1524 Stockton street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DOWDALL— In this city, j March 11. 1900,
Bridget Dowdall, beloved wife of , Richard
Dowdall, and beloved mother of Richard E..
Joseph F. and William P. Dowdall and Mrs.
Mary A. LanKan, Mrs. Marcaret Gllmore,
Mrs. Agnts Spring and Mrs. Frances Dasson-
vllle. a native of Dublin, Ireland. a«ed 74
years. . -- • V
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2136 Mission street, between Seven-
teenth and EiKhteenth, thence to Mission Do-
lores Church, where a requiem high mass will
be said for the repose of har soul. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. " . .
GOLDEN— In this city, March 10, 1900, Thomas
Golden, relict of .the late Catherine Golden,
beloved father of the late Mother Mary
Thomas, O. S. D., John W., Thomas H.,
Sybil C. and Genevleve Golden, Mrs. C. A.
Macomber, Mrs. A. D. Jenny. Mrs. T. J.
Golden and Mrs. J. J. Greeley. and brother of
Mary T. Golden, a native of Ireland, aged
M years B months and 2 days. (Nashville and
Dechard, Term., and Savannah, Ga., papers
. please copy.)
(CTFriends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at .10 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell
btreet, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul. Inter-
ment private. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
GRAY— In this city, March 10. 1900, James
Gray, beloved husband of the late Maria
Gray, and father of Mrs. K. S. Davis, a na-
' tlve of Kentucky, aged 76 years and 2 days.
•(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this. day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 13»',4 Bartlett Btreet. thence by electric
funeral car at 2:30 o'clock, from . corner of
Twenty-second and Guerrero streets. Inter-,
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery. :
HOLMES— Entered into rest March 11, 1900,
Maria, beloved wife of Cornelius Holmes,
and mother of Howard C. Holmes, a native
of Nantucket, Mass. (Nantucket papers
pleaye copy.) ¦ i .'
IT7"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1012 Webster street. Interment pri-
vate.
ISAAC— In Eost Oakland, MarchMO. 1900. Ce-
celia, beloved daughter, of William and Cece-
lia Isaac, a native of East Oakland, aged 1
year 8 months and 8 days.
JACOBY— In Los Ansreles. Conrad, beloved
husband of Katie, and father of Richard,
Arnalie. Asrnes, Isaac and Edmund Jaooby,
and brother of Mrs. Charles J. Simon, Mrs.
Arnold Pollak, Fhllo, Slirmund. Dr. Natuslus,
Hermann, Gi-.stav and Ernst Jacoby.
KATZBON— In this city. March 10. 1900, Kath-
rrine. beloved daughter of Stephen and Ellen
Katzbon. and sinter of Paul Katzbon, a na-
tive, of San Francisco, aged 6 years 2 months
and 17 davs> . . '•' ,
CTThe funeral will . take place this day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents; 933 Twenty-second street, be-
tween Minnesota and Indiana, Potrero, thence
'to St. Theresa'? Church for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. •-
KEEFE— In this city. March 9. 1900. Michael,'
beloved husband of Susan Keefe. and father
tit Joseph, Charles, John and Lizzie Keefe.
and Mrx. .1. Denely. a native of Limerick,
Ireland. a«red 71 years. '-?• ;
C^Fri'nds nnd acquaintances' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Monday), at S:3O o'clo'ck. from his lntpresi-
donce. 12 Boyce street, oft Point Lobosave-
nue,: thence to Holy Cross Church, ; where . a
. solemn requiem hl«h mass 'will be. celebrated
for the renose of his soul, commencing at <9
o'clock. ': Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery. .
KENNA— Id this city. March To. William Mel.
vin. beloved son of William and Agnes Kenna,
and prandson of Michael and Johanna Dwyer •
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 months and
2 days. .- . .¦¦'¦: \. ¦¦
LEVY— In this city, March •». 1900, George F •
beloved husband of Gertrude; l>vy, and Bon
of Jacob and Marcaret Levy, a native of
Florirla, aired 35 years and 4, months. .
ETFrlends are respectfully Invited •to at-
tend thet funcrnj this day (Monday), at ¦ 2
o'clock, from ; his late . residence. 131*1>A \ Pine
rtreet. Interment Laurel HUI Cemetery.'
LEWIS— In. this city. March: 10, 1900. Hilary c.i J
HENRY J GALLAGHER CO.. '
- (Successors ¦to Flannagan '& ! Gallagher). ¦',
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
' CO Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
.' Telephone South, SO. ,;.:'
McA VOY.:;«fc CO,.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMIiALMERS
' 1235 Market St.. between Sth and 9th. ¦
"Telephone Bouth'247.r
ONE.
9
EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
JVILL SELL TO-DAT. MONDAY. March ltth,
,9t». at 11 o'clock a. m.. at 958 A PINE Street.
Mmost New Oak and Cherry Furniture. Fln»
Upholstery, Nice Caroets. etc. In fiat of S
-ooms. ¦ EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
United State* Coast and Geodett<S Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
. FraneUeo Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur. at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide la the same at both place*.
Steamer.'
'rcm.
North Fork Humboldt Mat. 12
Wasbtenaw ... Tacoma Mar. 13
Homer Portland Mar. IS
Wellington (Oyster Harbor <.. Mar. 12
Pomona :.i3an Diego Mar. 12
San Pedro.. (Humboldt Mar. 13
Hathor ..........IHambunr... Mar. 13
Urlstol Oyster Harbor Mar. 13
Aloha Cr«»cent City Mar. 12
Tellus Oyster Harbor..... Mar. 12
Robt Adamaon Nanalmo Mar. 14
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. U
Queen Victoria ft t'uijct Sound Mir. IS
Gaelic China and Japan Mar. 13
Orizaba ........ Humboldt Mar. 11
Empire Coon Bay v Mar.lt
Benmobr Oyster Harbor Mar. 13
Willamette ....ISeattle Mar. 11
Progreso |Tacoma.. Mar. 13
Coo. Bay {Newport ~. Mar. 1*
Matteawan ITacoma Mar. U
Samoa ...". IHumboldt Mar. 14
Point Arena |Polnt Arena Mar. 15
Geo. W. Elder. Portland Mar. 1*
Corona San Diego Mar. 1*
Mackinaw Seattle Mar. M
Bonita Newport Mar. tt
Walla Walla... Victoria A Puget SoandlMar. !*>
Steamer.
ricr.
Pomona .... San Diego Mar. 14.. 11 am Pier H
State of Cal Portland Mar. 14. 10 am Pier 24
New burg .. Grays Harbor Mar. 14. 12 in
North Fork Huraboldt Mar. 15. Sam Pier J
City Peking China & Japan Mar. IS. I pmIPMSS
Homer Oregon Ports. Mar. 15. 10 am|Pler *>
Orizaba .... Hujnboldt.:... Mar. 15. 2 pm|Pler 9
Cao» Bay... Newport....... Mar. 1». "9 am Pier 11
Queen ...... Vie & Pgt Sd. Mar. 17. 10 am Pier 9
Pt .Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 17. 2pm Pl«r J
Samoa ..... Humboldt Mar. 17. 10 am Pier IS
Corona ..... San Diego Mar. 18. 11 am Pier U
O Wilder Portland Mar. 19. ID am Pier 21
Newport ...(Panama Mar. 19. 12 m PMS9
Steamer.
ricr.
Pomona .... San Diego Mar. 14.. 11 am Pier H
State of Cal Portland Mar. 14. 10 am Pier 24
New burg .. Grays Harbor Mar. 14. 12 in
North Fork Huraboldt Mar. 15. Sam Pier J
City Peking China & Japan Mar. IS. I pmIPMSS
Homer Oregon Ports. Mar. 15. 10 am|Pler *>
Orizaba .... Hujnboldt.:... Mar. 15. 2 pm|Pler 9
Cao» Bay... Newport....... Mar. 1». "9 am Pier 11
Queen ...... Vie & Pgt Sd. Mar. 17. 10 am Pier 9
Pt .Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 17. 2pm Pl«r J
Samoa ..... Humboldt Mar. 17. 10 am Pier IS
Corona ..... San Diego Mar. 18. 11 am Pier U
O Wilder Portland Mar. 19. ID am Pier 21
Newport ...(Panama Mar. 19. 12 m PMS9
Steamer.'
'rcm.
North Fork Humboldt Mat. 12
Wasbtenaw ... Tacoma Mar. 13
Homer Portland Mar. IS
Wellington (Oyster Harbor <.. Mar. 12
Pomona :.i3an Diego Mar. 12
San Pedro.. (Humboldt Mar. 13
Hathor ..........IHambunr... Mar. 13
Urlstol Oyster Harbor Mar. 13
Aloha Cr«»cent City Mar. 12
Tellus Oyster Harbor..... Mar. 12
Robt Adamaon Nanalmo Mar. 14
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. U
Queen Victoria ft t'uijct Sound Mir. IS
Gaelic China and Japan Mar. 13
Orizaba ........ Humboldt Mar. 11
Empire Coon Bay v Mar.lt
Benmobr Oyster Harbor Mar. 13
Willamette ....ISeattle Mar. 11
Progreso |Tacoma.. Mar. 13
Coo. Bay {Newport ~. Mar. 1*
Matteawan ITacoma Mar. U
Samoa ...". IHumboldt Mar. 14
Point Arena |Polnt Arena Mar. 15
Geo. W. Elder. Portland Mar. 1*
Corona San Diego Mar. 1*
Mackinaw Seattle Mar. M
Bonita Newport Mar. tt
Walla Walla... Victoria A Puget SoandlMar. !*>Invisible '
Eye-Glass
Clips. That's what ear newest one* bjo. ttiat
don't Blip, tilt 'or waver. Cost 60 cents.
Oculists* ' prescription* filled. Quick repaJjr
Ing. Factory on premises. Pone, Main 10.
opticians^L JlSfa^ "wratu^'
-WOWy 50EMTIFIC tX
642 Market ot^ imstruhemij
VtK CMB«ICi.» BWtDtxb '
HEW PLAIDS.
¦¦ ¦ *
This week we will show'a great varletu
of NEW PLAIDS, for ; . Soring and Sum-
mer wear, These Plaids are in Camel's
Hair, Ziheline, 'Mottled Cheviot and
Double-Faced Effects, and are suitable
for Separate Skirts, Golf and Outing
Wear.
44-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY PLAIDS, all
the new soring shades in com- 01 flfl
hinations-. :...-..
48-INCH NOVELTY CHEVIOT PLAIDS, Scotch
¦ colorings and mottled effects, all veru
stulish, new and desirahle colors- Q| Cfj
Yard.
50 -INCH GOLF PLAIDS, mixed effects
\ and. douhle- faced plaids in two- tone
colorings, latest noveltu for out- 00 en
ing wear OZiJu
Yard.
EXTRA SPECIAL
200 '""nieces BLACK BEADED .TRIMMINGS,
in bands, ornaments and fringe oc ft
Former prices $1.00. $1.50. $2.00 and $2.50 Yard."^
111, 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
i Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism 'and neuralgia.
DniCKlBtS. hDo (ImJc. Bloharda A Co_ KM ClajT.
Karma and Forgiveness.
.The '.Universal [, Brotherhood -7of , Theos
ophists^were dddressed' r . last • evening in
Academy", of ;. Sciences Hall, -on Market
street, •: by-- Dr.'; J..rA:^'Anderson: •' Tht
speakeri entitled his ; address . "Karma; and
Forgiveness.'' Quite a large audience was
In attendance/: almost ; entirely,: composed
of theosophists. At the conclusion of the
lecture - the ¦ usual , general : discussion ¦ and
questions • and answers- were ¦ allowed. .
. Dr. . Parker's Cough Cure. One ; dose will stop
a cough. Never. falls." ~ Try.lt.'. 1 ."A ll druggists. •
Orphans Will See the Show.
The [ management of Norris & Rowe's
trained animal show, .which • is now ex
hibiting • at .' Mechanics' Pavilion," has ex
tended Invitations ; to the various orphans',
homes ¦ of : this ] city,' to j attend their per
formance, v The following homes have ac
cepted | the ; invitation • and ... will attend the
performance ; this afternoon:'- Protestant
Orphan "Asylum."- 160; : Maria Kip : Orphan
age,' 60:- Nursery ;for -Homeless Children,
80:- Girls'. Directory Orphan -Asylum, 25-;
Kindergarten, ;-: corner ;-:¦ Polk #: and *? Pa
cific streets; 35*' Orpha n" School, iWoman's
Mission, .75;. Hebrew Orphan Asylum, - 125.
At the matinee ¦ on\Tuesday fifty inmates
of the Infants' Shelter will attend the per
formance as guests of the management. -
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR THE
W CAPE NOME
WHI GOLD FIELDS.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamshio
SENATOR
Will Sail From San Francisco MAT Uih for th«
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
Via Seattle, leaving there May 19th. oubae- '
quent trips Trill be from Seattle direct, namely:
June net. July :iat and August 20th. Passen-
gers are advised to Inspect the Senator befc»«
purchasing tickets Tla other meamers, as her
»econd-c!as3 and steerage accommodations ar*
superior to the flrst-elass accommodations on
most of - the • steamers advertised for Nome
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company has bwii
running Its ' steamers to Alaska— winter an.i
summer— for 23 year* and is the Pioneer Pa-
cific Coast Line. .For further Information In-
quire of J~ F. TROWBKIDGE. • Ocean Dock
v"ivct J^f : Aneelea. Cal. - GOODALL. PER-
KINS * CO.. Gen. Aeents, 4 New Montgomery
»t.. of 10 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal
SCHOONER VOLANTE lalla Adill irt <^
f£?-h Cn the wa y - lt aealrable. For
WHItV %ft? h " Pply on board - CAPT. Ml
Ho^ail'.tT Ulkhea<l - UtWeea Ml3sloa * oi
Wedding • Invitations, . vioitlng ; cards,
Koh-I-noor pencils/Waterman fountain
pens are our great 'specialties* In.Ptatlon-
ery department. Sanborn, -Vail & Co., 741
Market street. » , •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHRIST THE SOCIALIST.
Dr. Simmons Speaks of the Great
Master's Sympathy for the
J Poor.
The Turk-street Temple was well filled
last evening by a large number of Social
Democrats, who had gathered to hear the
speaker of the evening,"- Rev. L. Wi Sim
mons. . , . . .¦¦ - - .•:.."
Dr. Simmons'. discourse <was entitled
?'The Spirit of Socialism as , Manifested by
Jesus Christ." In this title the speaker
clearly- defined the lines .on . which he
would talk. He started in by saying that
he. himself -was a thoroughgoing social
ist in all that was implied by a correct
understanding of the word." - By a social
ist he meant one who. loved his fellow
man, and^if one-was a socialist and lived
up to its teachings he could not do other
wise than love and endeavor to help his
fellow man; ?jy*3aSaggKßJtipH|
.The speaker then .went on to review the
life of : the Savior. He showed ! how he
loved the poor and decried the amassing
of riches and how his whole life was de
voted to the elevation of the lowly and the
unfortunate and how ill his sympathies
were forever on; the sloe of the man who
worked with his hands. ' ' : . ~
SCHOOLBOY CAUGHT
STEALING PAPERS
Lincoln Keeffe Gathered Sixteen From
Doorsteps on Ellis Street Yes
terday Morning.
.Heports are constantly • being received
from newspaper subscribers of their pa
pers belng.stolen, particularly Sunday
mornings, and the police, have repeatedly
been instructed to keep a sharp lookout
for the thieves, but owing to the cunning
of the culprits in waiting till the officers
left their beats to report off duty they
have succeeded-ln evading arrest.
About 7 o'clock yesterday morning 1 C.
A. Park/ a paper carrier, saw a'small
boy stealing papers from the doorsteps of
houses on Ellis* street, near Octavia. He
watched him, and when he had gathered
sixteen altogether he thought it time to
call a halt and . collared the youngster,
handing" him over to Policeman Wolters.
The boy was taken to the City Prisoi\ and
booked on a 1a 1 charge of petty larceny and
the sixteen papers were registered as
evidence against him. He gave his name
as Lincoln Keeffe, a schoolboy; 10 years
of age. He intended selling the papers.
He will appear before Judge Cabaniss
this morning. ..
GOLDBERG
M BO WEN
& CO
. The reason most folks deal here Is
because they .want -the best foods and
won't have- any other V
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter— reg'ly 45c square 40C
Coffee— Pasha blend 2 lbs 55C,
reg'ly 35c lb— ground or roast
Don't boll it— use any kind of
a percolator but do not boil it
Clzret-Zinfandel 35C
reg'ly 50c gallon
Good pure wine /
Raisins l -seeded ioc
f reg'ly 1 2ic Ilb package— seeded
by machinery — clean — convenient •
Tomato catsup 3 bottles 50c
reg'ly 20c bottle— O B& Co
' Sharpens appetites
Rock and rye $r
reg'ly $1 25 bottle— full quart
German rock candy and pure
rye whisky
Glac6 fruits— reg'iy 50c ib 40c
Sugared fruits— imported
OHveS— ManzaniUa^-tT^OL 25C
reg'ly 30c quart
Large as some queen olives
Apples— K<™ York state 2 tins 25C
reg'ly 15c 3 Ib tin
For desert and for^ple
Fresh apples are scarce and expensive
Maple Syrup— Hazen quart 35C
reg'ly 45c and 80c } gallon 65 C
'Pure and good ¦
Listerine— large bottle 65c small 20c
Ginger a\p-Cochrane & Co $1 35
regMy $1 50 dozen C'-VV
Made in Belfast Ireland
HamameliS-^txtract of witch hazel
\b pint pint quart
Heals hurts '15c 25c 40c
A well known remedy of same nature
sells for several times as much— that's
difference .
MuStar d—Louit 2 bottles 35c
reg'ly 25c bottle
Shoe, blacking— Acme 12JC
reg'ly 20c bottle— waterproof ,
' ¦; For everybody's shoes •
Hair brushes^ Looncn Paris -55c
ree'ly 75c— solid back
.White bristles— a rare bargain
Co r Vlb— unbreakable . '. 25C
reg'ly 35c— sT, new one for .the old '.;
if it breaks by use in a month
Tea— regularly 60c 50C
Mandarin nectar— a blend
Phoenix chop— oolong flavor
Asparagus— 2 ib tjn ; - 20c
There's great medicinal value In ,
asparagus besides it's good to eat
Peas— 2 lb tin . 2 tins 25C
V;' Wisconsin peas
Fresh vegetables are scarce now
A few of pur-regular prices
Eagle milk 15c* tin Nestles food 40c tin
Florida water 45c sozodont 50c bottle
Duffy's malt whisky 85c bottle
• Malted milk 40c 75c 53 25
Roger & Gallett extracts— peau
d'espagne — iris — heliotrope and
bouquet dcs amours 90c bottle
vlolette de panne 75c < bottle
We call for orders and deliver free to
the house twice a week in Mill Valley
Belvedere Alameda and Berkeley
Send postal for March Illustrated
catalogue— ask for freight rates
quotations on large orders — you'll
get prompt reply
131 Pine *3tSutter ?Vio Call famfa San Frtncljco
1075 Clay between Eleventh ani Twelfth Oaktaai
OOLDBEBG. BOWEN ft'CO'S SPECIAL SAYINO SALS
eOLSBESe. BOWEN * CoB SPECIAL SAVINS SALE
posed reopening of, the Ingleside race
track. He said that while his long ab
sence in the Orient did not permit of his
speaking with any degree of accuracy ci
the details of the matter, yet in a genes al
way he thought it would work untoid
harm to the young men of the city and to
the reputation of San Francisco abroad.
He said that every one knew of the evils
of gambling and of the corrupting Influ
ence of a racetrack on the morals of a
city. That many of the crimes that have
stataed the fair name of this city are at
tributable to the evil influences of rice
track gambling Is as well known abroad
as It is right here, and it would put San
Francisco . in very bad odor when it be
came known that our city fathers had de
liberately reopened this modern casket of
Pandora after they had once succeeded in
getting It tightly closed.
OPPOSED TO THE
REOPENING OF
THE RACE TRACK
Ministers Will Enter Their
Protest Against Any
Such Action.
Large Delegation -of Clergymen Will
Attend the Meeting of the Su
i pervisors To-Day— What ,
H. J. McCoy Says.
¦..¦ • — .
It is a foregone conclusion that .the In
gleside racetrack will not be granted the
privilege of ' adding ! more victims to its
already long list. The unfortunates who
are now serving terms of imprisonment
for crimes brought about through the
temptations of the racecourse will not be
joined by others who might fall from the
same cause, as the members of the Board
of Supervisors have expressed their de
terrhination to vote against any ordinance
which has for 'its object the reopening of
the Ingleside track. -
The score of ministers who, on Monday
last, appeared before the Board of Super
visors and presented resolutions passed by
their ministerial unions will attend the
meeting to-day and ask to be heard in the
matter. They will point out to the board
the dangers which -would' follow the re
opening of the track, the' disasters that
would result,? the sorrow it would bring
to hundreds of families and the curse that
would be, saddled upon the city. An earn
est appeal will . be made to the members
of the board not to sully their reputations
at the outset of their career under the
new charter by countenacing a measure
which is certain to bring down the wrath
of every- good- citizen on their heads.
.Chairman Tobin of the Police Committee
on Thursday last positively declared that
his committee would be ready to report on
the Ingleside track matter at to-day s
meeting of the board, and Mayor Phelan
Invited the ministers to return this after
noon and he would grant them the privi
lege of addressing the board on this ques
tion. Members- of every religious denom
ination will therefore be on hand to pro
test against the passage of the proposed
ordinance. r ..' •• ¦-_'
xa. J. McCoy, secretary of the Young
Men's Christian Association, made the fol
lowing forcible statement yesterday: , -
.. "Nothing is more demoralizing to I the
young men of San Francisco than the op
eration of a racetrack in- the immediate
vicinity. Not only is the vice of gambling
pernicious -in itself, <¦-. but - racetrack gam
bling is doubly so because of the fascina
tion it seems to have V for the average
young fellow | when -he once becomes I in
iated Into ; its • vicious mysteries, and ; be-;
cause of tne associations that are connect
ed with it. • - -• , . -.*;
"The proximity of a big racetrack to a
city means that the city will be overrun
by the crowd of thieves, prostitutes, sure
thing , gamblers, : confidence • men and riff
raff that are always to be found following
the horses and the men who make their
livingby running them. , -
"This city in particular has had so many
fearful i examples lof th-« ! degrading influ
ences of racetrack, gambling that It should
never | even so much as seriously | consider
a proposition ¦ to' license the: so-caned
sport. There have been any number of
tragedies that are to be traced directly, to
the; influences of the, races, suicides and
murders.- to ¦• say : nprning of.:; the lesser
crimes of defalcation and theft. ',...¦ "."
¦.- "In my opinion it is the solemn duty of
every citizen, "who has' the good name of
the city at heart and'whb Is' interested in
preserving: - the > moral i welfare ¦ of : his ' chil
dren , to fight the ' proposed ¦ reopening , of
Ingleside tooth and nail.".: '
.;¦';¦>'-¦•¦.¦' -i -'¦¦".;———• .:-
GAMBLING A DANGEROUS EVIL.
Bevr John; Carrington Expresses His
.. Opinioiror Racetracks. *
' .Rev.- John Carrlngton/.whohas beer, for
a long tlme~engaged '¦ in" mlssinoary ", work
In Slam .'• delivered a\veryj Interesting art
dress yesterday afternoon before . an ' audi
ence ¦ composed ; : of , members ; of : the ¦ Young
Men's Christian ' Association;- .. :;-¦¦••
, The address of Mr. Carrington, .while re
ligious i In* Its / character" and ; largely * de
voted y to ii the ;,work * that '„ has ' been l done
among . the . benighted ' Inhabitants of • the
far. off Orient, was not wholly on matters
religious. •._..- v.. .v, -;-/
In discussing local affairs after . the : lec
ture : Dr. £ Carrlnffton . ; referred : to ; the ; pro-
was decided not to allow any refuse from
houses of the district to be carded away.
Instead arrangements will be made to
burn whatever rubbish accumulates.
The . Proposed Inspection-
Dr. Kinyoun advised that when the in
spection is started that It be finished In
one day. It would take at least 250-nvn
to do It in that time he thought. He sug
gested, too, that the inspection be repeat
ed every day for at" least fifteen days,
that being the time within which it Is
supposed any case will manifest itself.
A telegram from Surgeon General Wy
man, chief of the tynited ' States Marine
Hospital service, wad read. He offered to
supply the board with "curt" serum and
"preventive" serum for the disease if it
was found necessary! Chief of Police Sul
livan said he would furnish all the pol'ce
for escort or guard or < quarantine pur
poses that the board should ask. for.
That was the extent of the business of
the meeting. It has amounted to no more
than a decision to inspect Chinatown, and,
if possible, to clean it— a matter that has
been agitating the public mind for some
time past. The board and the physicians
who met with them last night are unani
mous in the.opinion that there is no cause
for alarm. It was even suggested that
nothing be said of the matter at ail, but
as the volunteer inspectors had to be
called for it was found necessary to pub
lish the matter anyway. And, besides
that, the Mayor sarcastically said he
thought it was "too good a story for the
papers to keep." Unwittingly he gave hla
personal organ another wrap by the state
ment.
It Is not generally known that when
the suspected case was first discovered
the morning papers and the evening pa
pers, with the exception of the Exam
iner, agreed to say nothing about it at
least until It was proved beyond a doubt
that the case was one of genuine plague.
All the other papeVs had agreed, and
when the fact was reported to the Ex
aminer it declined to be a party to the
agreement, and in its fierce desire to
spring a sensation it not only refused to
wait with the report of the case, but it
telegraphed the whole story East to its
yellow companion, tfc» Journal. This was
done while the heads of other papers and
the Associated Press were determined to
wait furtner developments before risking
the reputation of the. city. •
When it became known that the Exam
iner was going to work of its own will,
regardless of consequences, the other pa
pers could do no more than print the
news. That is how the East got hold of
the story, that the plague was rife in San.
Francisco. . _
It is not rooted in San Francisco, and
there is no possibility of it being here. The
case reported from Chinatown, ii it really
be the disease, is a single case, growing up
like a mushroom, and it is certain it has
no fellows. -
It is like the case -of typhus fever that
appeared at the County Hospital some
years ago. It ; came from no , one knew
where and it ended when it had claimed
its victim. -And there was ¦ ay case of
cholera in New York a few .years, back
that started up fn the same way, brought
death to • its - one • victim and then stole
away. r '.....¦
No Cause for Alarm.
None of the doctors who discussed the
situation last , night were in any. vway
alarmed. The case calls for preventive
masures, just as would a case/, of fever,
but if only reasonable cleanliness is main
tained there can be no possibility of an
other case. The death of , the animals in
oculated must be taken a* pointing to a
case of the disease, but even without such
evidence the . board has decided it must
use the ounce of prevention, -which may
save the pound of cure. And anyway it
Is time Chinatown had a decent cleaning.
CONSUL GENERAL TALKS.
WJII Permit No Future" Im-
positions by the Board
of Health. ' T':
When the action of .the Board of Health
became known last night .the Chinese Con
sul General.'Ho Vow, said: ; .- . . ; , ;
"I believe' that this is'nothlng more nor.
less than a ruse on the part of the Board
of Health' to prevent .the liability; of dam
age suits, which have > frequently;'. been
threatened on account [ of \ the outrageous
act of last^weeTc.': There (never, was; any
bubonic plague in Chinatown, but;if;there
was -I would .be the first" person"' to assist
in protecting the health of San Francisco.
• "The case In question was made' the, sub
ject of a thorough examination, by .myself,
and I«will*not hesitate^to. say that 5 the
public need not be alarmed.' The man" was
sick for some time and died. of an ailment
which is common, though not contagious,
and if the Board of Health had stopped
to find out the history of the case before
it : sent the plague cry abroad its deter
mination might have been different. -
"If any more attempts . are . made to
blockade the Chinese quarter we are pre
pared to procure injunctions from » the
courts and will protect ¦ the . rights of our
people as far as possible." ; • •• r- •¦:-"• -^:
Late last night it was reported that Chi
namen were hurrying out of Chinatown to
escape ¦ another ' quarantine : which ' they
feared was coming. : ''^Sfffi^fWgSPgg*
PRICE OF ICE IS DOUBLED AMD
MAN WITH GOLD FEET IS KING
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1900.
DEATH OF THE PIG ROUSES
HEALTH BOARD TO ACTION
It Has Led the Physicians to Believe That Their First
Diagnosis of the Chinatown Case Was the
¦ ?
Late Meeting of the Doctors at Which They Decide to Inspect the
Chinese Quarter Thoroughly, Though They Expect No "
More Trouble— How the News Got Out.
Ip^WO guinea pigs and a rat which
! had been inoculated with the dii.
j charge from the glands of the suj
\ pected plague victim in Chinatown
died at Angel Island yesterday
morning. At once the news was sent to
the city, and during the afternoon several
physicians went over to be present at the
post mortem examination made upon the
animals. From their observations they
cay the animals died of bubonic plague.
A meeting of the Board of Health was
called last night to discuss the matter.
Various suggestions were made aa to the
quarantining of the Chinese section, and
plans for a thorough cleansing of the dis
trict were brought up. but the reeult of
the evening's session was a decision to in-
PHYSICIAN DEPLORES RIDICULOUS TACTICS.
«. ¦a DITOR OF THE CALL: • I am pleased to see you- taking ¦•¦ the
r=3 stand you have In • regard to the high-handed manner in which
) tbe Board of Health haa quarantined the Chinese . quarter of
;=== tn i s cc j ty/ tn « on iy excuse, given being the deatu^ of . a -.Chinaman
who had been operated on and had been sick for a known period of
twenty days.
It Is well known that almost any Infected wound of the extremities will
cause an enlargement of the glands tributary to that part.
And further, there are several bacilli closely resembling that
said to be the cause of bubonic plague which will cause suppura- •
live inflammation of - the lymphatic glands, and further, these bac
teria in sufficient quantity would kill rats and guinea pigs, so
there is still room for doubt as to the disease being bubonic
plague if the animals did die.
In bubonic plague there Is usually an Infection with s'reptococcl as well
as with the plague bacilli, so that material taken from a bubonic gland would
also carry streptococci, to which the lower animals are also susceptible. ;
A careful post mortem examination of the Chinaman by. a
COMPETENT man would have shown "Snore than the foolish bac- v
teriological tests described by the daily papers.
From the manner in which the whole thing was gone about
it is evidently a claptrap political scheme from beginning to end,
and will hold up the medical men of San Francisco to be /the
laughing stock of the world.
The present method of appointing a Board of Health Is radically wrong.
Xo element of politics should enter into the health of a city. The election of
one man by each of the three regular medical colleges from its faculty
would Insure u^ competent men who would hardly inflict the city with a
similar disgrace. Yours respectfully. E. S. PILLSBURY,
Professor of Pathology and Bacteriology, College of Physicians and
Surgeons.
Bpect Chinatown and all the inhabitants
In it, and then if any more suspected casei
are found to establish a quarantine.
There were present at the meeting Dr.
Williamson, Dr. Baum. Dr. Bazet and
Dr. McCarthy of the Board of Health;
Dr. O'Brien, the Health Officer; Dr. Kel
logg, the bacteriologist of the Health De
partment; Dr. Kinyoun of the quarantine
service. Dr. Gassaway of the Marine Hos
pital service and Dr. Montgomery of the
medical department of the State Univer
sity. Mayor Phelan and Chief of Police
Sullivan.
Dr. Williamson opened proceedings by
recounting the events of the pas.t week, the
Incident of the quarantine and the raising
of it after the board had become satisfied
there was no immediate danger. Then he
told of the death of the three animals In
oculated and called on Dr. KJnyoun to de
scribe the effect of the inoculation.
3>r. Kinyoun Describes the Plague.
Dr. Kinyoun said the post-mortem held
on the animals showed their blood was
full of microscopic organisms with all
the characteristics of the plague bacillus.
Two guinea pigs, a rat and a monkey
were inoculated, he said. The guinea
pigs and the rat were dead and . the
xnonkev was dying. He said all the ani
mals nhowed the same symptoms and the
eytnptnms were those of the plague.
Dr. Kellogg then described the symptoms
more in detail and declared there was no
doubt in his mind that the disease was
the plague.
Dr. Montgomery also spoke of what he
had observed. He added, too. that the
animals could be killed by the germs of
two other diseases that closely resembled
the germs of bubonic plague, but those
terms would not kill rats and be argued
from that fact that there was no doubt
in this case.
This was the substance of an hour's
desciiption of the effect oi! the inocula
tion upon the animals, and then the dis
cussion turned upon what was to be done.
It appeared at once that the board was
not particularly alarmed about the pos-
Ml.ilitie* of the situation, for the proposi
tion to quarantine Chinatown met with
disapproval at once. It vras considered
neither necessary nor advisable until by
a thorough inspection of the district it
could be ascertained whether or not' the
case of the Chinese was a sporadic one
ta«.en sick, whatever he might have con
tracted later.
.And there is no record of his case hav
ing changed its character from the time
he was taken sick- until he died. He was
afflicted with a loathsome disease and
was under treatment by Chinese doctors
about a month before he died. The last
time he called upon a doctor was on Feb
ruary 14. He was given some medicine,
which he carried home with him. A few
days before his death he took some of
this medicine. Vomiting tollowed almost
immediately, then he collapsed and died.
The board has no record of what this
medicine was.
The question of Inspecting the district
was then taken up. It was decided to
ipsue a call for volunteer medical men to
go through Chinatown inspecting every
one, but particularly determining exactly
the disease of every one found sick. To
that end the following call was written
out by Dr. Williamson:
To the Members of the Medical Profession:
The Board of Health is about to commence
ftn inspection of the Chinese" quarter for the
purpose of ascertaining the exact sanitary con
ditions and of taklnz steps to Improve , the
same. All cases of sickness are to be located
and their nature determined, and every effort
made to prevent the development and spread
Owing to lack of funds and the absolute
necessity! of having this Inspection made at
once, the board asks for volunteers among the
profession who may be. willing to -participate
In the work, and also asks all who are will
ing to render eucb 'service to call at the health
office and enroll their names, when they will
be assigned to duty by the health officer.
It was also decided that all employers
of Chinese should be warned of the sit«
uation and urged to see that their help
keep away from Chinatown and that they
are in good health. Dr. Williamson is
sued the following notice:
TO EMPLOYERS OF CHINESE.
You are hereby advised that the Board of
Health Is about to make an Inspection of the
Chlnene quarter and may possibly find It neces
sary to place the district In quarantine. - You
are therefore requested to see that your Chi
nese help is free from illness, and I that they
are requested to refrain from visiting the Chi
nese quarter until further notice.
It was decided also to*ask the co-opera
tion of the Chinese Consul General for the
assistance of one hundred. reliable Chinese
who would go with the medical men and
assist them both to find the sick and ex
plain their errand to the inhabitants. The
matter of garbage was discussed and it
or whether it was the result of infection
from some disease center in the nlthy al
leys around the Chinese quarter.
History of the Case.
The history of the case was read, and
it revealed some peculiar facts, in tne
first place it showed that the man had
been sixteen years a resident of China
town and also that he had been sick for
six months. Inquiries made of Dr. Kln
youn after the meeting was over devel
oped the fact that when bubonic plague
once lays hold of a man it is but a short
time before the disease asserts itself.
Within thirty days the man is generally
either dead or convalescent. It is pos
sible the disease may run sixty days, but
in no case has It been known to run for
six months. Consequently it is plain the
man had not the plague when he was
And All Forms of Itching, Scaly Humors Are
Instantly Relieved and Speedily
Cured by CUTICURA.
' The itching and burning I suffered in my feet and limbs for three years
were terrible. At night they were worse and would keep me awake a
greater part of the night. I consulted
f \. — "y doctor after doctor, as I was travelling
\ "^~^> -/ on the road most of my time," also oue
"""^"""v * of our city doctors. None of the doc-
— 4/*~-i \ \\\ I >v tors knew what the trouble was. I got
y^L^J^ i A\\ / -V\ alotof the different samples of the medi-
jf y^X^^JA \ \ nil i\ cines I had been using. I found them
\ Vtx^^l / 8 [// 1 \ of so many different kinds that I con-
i \ \ v\. 'J Ywl B \ eluded that I would have to go to a
N>^3^f M y \ Cincinnati hospital before I would get
\SV^ >f^3K f \ re^ e ' ; I had frequently been urged to
yVar^Ok^^rtg \ ' y tr y CtmcußA Kemedies, but I had no
I\\ *¥^ V foM 1 * Q them. My wife finally prevailed
uV\ r \V^v^ vu P onme t0 tr 7 tn eni. Presto! What
( vi A /^*sv^ a change ! lam now cured, and it is a
/^^£^KA/ » vA^V permanent cure. I feel like kicking
iZ^* |<^ f \ i r 80me^ octorormv8e 'f for suffering three
/*ik Ss *^ \ f - -— V years when 1 could have U3ed Cuticuea.
V )r~^.v^- \r^F .Kemedies. , .¦¦'.-¦
\ V / H. JENKINS. Middleboro, Ky.
COMPLETE TREATMENT $1.25
I jJvJ jW? / Consisting of Coticura Boap_ (25c.)» to
I v^^^^NJ^A cleanse the Bkin of cruets and scales and
/ y^/rS^O • * soften* the thickened cuticle, Ccticitra.
f '/Atj^R Ointment (50c.), to instantly allay itching:,
1 'AlU*^/}| " irritation, nnd inflammation, and soothe and
y^"~—~f*—^ < w heal, and Cuticjiha Kesolvbsjt (50c.), to
f\ :>%: > % / > v cooJ an( * cleans® tlie blood, is often sufficient
I .. . Y^^g^S -^~"i to euro tne m °st torturing, disfiguring skin,
. • _-t*y |B _- scalp; and blood humors, rashes, arid irrita-
¦ ¦' . tions with loss of hair when' physicians, hos-
pltalp, and all else fail. Bold tiirougnont tho world. Potter Druo and Chem.
Com-., Sole Props., Boston. " Uowto Purify and Beautify the Skin," free.
Uee only Cdticcra Boat for baby's skin, scalp, and hair. It Is not only the purest,
ttrretest, and moct refre«htng of nurtery »>)ap<, but It coutalns delicate, emol.
MILLJOKS Uent properties, obtniccd trora Clticuha, the great skin cure, which preserTe,
«c purify, and beautify tbe ekin, scalp, and hair, and prerent tlmple aim blein-
Or . febei from b«comlnf serious. Kor dUtretKlng beat rashes, channgs, lnflam-
unruepe matlonc, and rrnpttotu, for crusted, ltrhlng Irritations of the scalp, with dry,
muj ncao thlr)i BT)(1 f Ki \ itiS . fa r> tor red, roti^h hands, and EhapeleH nails, and simple in.
iaatfle humore. It is atooluteiy ladifpensable. : . : . . .— : .
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodlslao and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both *?«».
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tha Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Us own merits.
i NABER. ALFS & BRUSE. Agent*.
C 3 Market street. S. F.— <Send for Circular).
GAPE NOME
TBAHSPORTATIOH COMPAWIES.
10
FROM and after this date the matter
of keeping cool by the'frozen water
process will be a thing of no little
concern to those who have, found ice
the only solace for their greatest troubles.
, The iceman is now a nabob. He has
reached the pinnacle of his ambition and
entered Into a trust with his fellow, and
from to-day burning: humanity must pay
the price or suffer. The toll on ice has
been doubled.
Then think of the hardship to the In
dividual who has become addicted, to the
habit of reducing the circumference of a
swollen head by means of a- cake. of ice.
Like a drowning man who- grasps at a
straw, the swollen-headed individual will
consider himself lucky if he is able to
dampen his brow with a sliver from a
chunk of ice instead of cooling his cra
nium with a whole cake.
The soda-water girl and the rounder
who revels in champagne frappe will Join
hands in condemning the -iceman's trust.
Just think of warm soda water and tepid
champagne! If that is not argument
enough against the grinding combines
for the sake of coolness and comfort,
what more is wanted? '
With the increase in the price of ice
there is one individual who has the laugh
on those who will suffer by the trust. In
a single night the man with cold feet has
been resurrected from the realms of de
rision and scorn and placed on a pedestal
where all ¦ may do him honor. He can
wink his eye, at the iceman, and heated
humanity may fight for the privilege of
cooling their parched - tongues .on his
frigid toes.