New Armor Shield on Wheels for Protecting Riflemen in .'Action.'
¦ The exigencies of war. have put inlo active use several valuable inventions that the authorities, of the^ War Office
would not befgre hear of using, among which may be mentioned Captaln'Percy Scott's naval gun carriage,- to which' the
success of the British arms is so much due, as well .as I»rd Dundonald's galloping gun. . ' ¦ ¦'>•:'" • ¦.' '•' '.'
A new contrivance,' an armor shield on wheels for the protection of riflemen operating on; level- ground/ has been
tried with success and a large number of them will probably be sent soon to Lord Roberts for use ontthei plains of the
Orange Tree State. t' ¦' '¦ ¦ : --- '- '¦ \ .'¦'¦.'-".¦¦ : -, ¦-*.:.. -:\ -,'-.[¦' ' .• . ,r', : ,
T"\ORDRECHT, Cape Colony, March 4— General Brabant's colonial d;
\J vision, after a night march, is now attacking the. Boers in: a strong
position. at Labuschagnes Nek, on tha road from Dordrecht to James-,
town. The engagement is proceeding with great vigor and th > Boers are
gradually retiring before the British shell fire from threes -positions. *A
heavy rifle fire is being exchanged where, the British are engaging the
Boers on the right flank. So far the Beers have had no big guns'] in.
Evening— General Brabant's advance, to-day was' most .satisfactory.
After marchingr and bivouacking overnight the force reached the;strongly
intrenched positions which they occupied and»n6w;hold,' the.Boers being,
on the opposite hill. The British will remain tc-nightin/the captured
positions, although the Boers brought .two guris .into' action]' and. made
determined efforts to retake them. The British losses are six killed. and
eighteen wounded. . . -"" '*
Eperial CabV to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrißht. WO, by the New York
Herald Cora;*ny.
LOXDOX. March 5.— The
long period of idleness in
Northern Cape Colony is at
an end. The British are ad
vancing and the Boers are re
treating ail along the line. Boers
retreating from Colesberg are be
ing followed up rapidly. General
Clements is now at Achtertang,
the last station but one before
Xqrvals Pont. The British are
trying to seize the Bloemfontein-
Xorvals Pont Railway, when the
Boers Li the southeast and
southwest of the Free State
would be cut off frohfthe main
body at Winburg.
There has been "fighting at
Labuschagnes Xek between Gen
eral Brabant and the Boers. The
nek was captured, but the Boer
force proved larger than had
been anticipated. The British
did not score any success.
Lord Roberts and Lord Kitch
ener have returned to Osfontein.
The Boers are now* ' within five
miles of the British position, but
.there is no intelligence at hand
regarding the British comman
rler-in-cbiefs intentions or move
ments. Reinforcements are ar
riving daily, so that he must have
between 50,000 and 60,000 men,
if not more. The force in. Natal
numbers 40,000 and there are
50,000 elsewhere in Cape Colony.
The Boer force now, of all arms,
is placed by good judges at 5,000
men, but it is still much scattered.
The force facing Roberts prob
ably consists of local comman
dos and* the first detachments
sent to Cronje's help.
At Ladvsmith Generals Buller
and White are busy carrying out
the changes rendered necessary
by the removal from Ladysmith
of the garrison* so soon as fresh
troops take their place and the
sanitation of camp is accom
plished. There has been a skir
mish at Besters, half way between
Ladysmith and Van Reenans
Pass, which shows that mounted
men are following up the retreat
ing Free Staters.
The inactivity of Ladysmith
garrison and its failure to co-ope
rate with Buller is now explained.
General White's . troops are so
exhausted from want of food that
the men could not march two
miles. Artillery endeavored to
harass the retreating Boers, but
could not get near enough to
them to inflict any damage. The
Boers' big 5.9-inch. gim on Bul
wana Hill, it is reported, has
been captured by the British. At
tempts had been made by the
Boers to remove it after the^ar
rival of Dundonald's force, but
they were defeated by the last of
the few shells which remained to
the naval guns at Ladysmith.
Fighting has afready begun to
Fighting Has Begun to the Eastward
of Osfontein— Brabant's Horse in
Battle With Burghers Near Dord
recht—Boers Lose a Big Gun.
teln, except that frequent heavy, showers
have materially improved grazing," to the
benefit of the horses und transport ani
mals." ¦ ¦ ¦• - '¦¦•'. '¦ ¦ : :.•'-•
The-Morning Post has the following dis
patch from Osfontein; dated March 3: . i. .-
-"General French made a reconnoissance
to-day . and encountered - the ; enemy in
force. They were U occupying | a .table
shaped' kopje.' Shots were exchanged,, a
Boer pun. replying." i '; -.v : * ';v;-'.'": ',-¦
••A dispatch from Osfontein : to. the Times;
dated. March 2, dilates -on; "the increasing
difficulty of - telegraphing as the army ad
vances throygh the enemy's country.". The
correspondent says: ' " * -"" : v*; ¦ • • ,-¦
* .'.'Forage ; for horses 'is/almbst , unobtain
able. The whereabouts' of .the enemy is
not exactly known, butthe' mobile com
mandoes are "hovering around buY army:.
We anticipated opposition ', at ' 'Abrahams "
Kraal, .thirty miles 1 cast: of -Paardeberg,'
where' General; Joubert is reported "col
lecting" a-force l - from ; the; whole, 'of/ the
Ladysmith forces,' with; the northeastern.
Free Staters. ' President' Steyn arrived 'at
the .. Boer camp • at 'Abrahams * Kraal zon
the morning of '.February •¦: 27, ; and., ha
rangued' the . burghers; 1 ' exhorting ' them >t o
rcmeber Majuba;- and-tOvdcliyer^Cronje."
The Standard .says:.' '"We ibellevel'that
n^Rotiations ; for, England's acquisition lof •
a . port in , Por tuguese t East' Africa; 'giving
easy, access; to j Rhodesia;", are, oh' foot 'ana
are J likely ; to '¦ succeed;. In . view of .the turn
the war 'has taken;".;".; '. ' '..v\" •• •* '-..¦
V.The .^Calcutta'^'correspondent -f of 4l4 l the
Times - says : : i .V.'Telegrams t from .'all \ parts
of. lndia: show, universal; rejoicings | among
the natives at the British success in South
the eastward of Osfontein, ac
cording to a dispatch' to the
Morning. Post. . General French,
with a large mounted force,
found the Boers intrenched on a
kopje. Fighting was proceeding
when the message was sent.
FRENCH ENCOUNTERS
BOERS AT OSFONTEIN
LONDON, March s.— The War Omcehas
received. the following dispatch- froml^ord
Roberts.'t dated Osfontein, t Sunday,
.March 4:
"General Cronje,. on behalf of" his pfcrty.
and ; Commandant' Wolmarans, on behalf
of 4000 other'prisoners, asked-the 'British
officers to thank jne, for ; the. consideration
and kindness with which they have been
treated.
"General , Clements reports . that .his. ad
vanced ¦ troops' hold Achterang.' and that
railway communication .would : be opened
to JoubertS; Siding, to-night. - The enemy
is still in force at. Norvals Pont bridge.
• "General Gatacre < says ; the- number .of
Boers at Stormberg Is" daily <diminiahing.
Colonel Baden-Powell reports that all are
well at ' Maf eking, and \ that ' the - enemy's
actl\-Ity was being met. with equal ; actlv-"
Ity on the part of the defenders. ",.. 7.: V ;
"The* position Is unchanged at Osfon-
SMALL BOER FORCE MASSED FOR DEFENSE WITHIN
FIVE MILES OF THE POSITION OF LORD ROBERTS
Continued on Page Two. . . V.
LADYSMITH'S
GARRISON HAD
GIVES UP HOPE
Relief Came Unexpectedly to
; the Defenders of tHe
i; ¦ •:" Town.
THOUGHT BULLER; HAD LOST
Returned t Correspondents Describe
the Scenes Attending the Deliv
erance of I the , Beleaguered
Sli^ , ' Britons.
T~"i URBAN. March ! 2.— Correspondents
I¦¦ I who hav ; e- returned .'here from
¦ I I •Ladysmith say that- the' relief 'came
¦• I' J quite^ unexpectedly.; "At -noon ati
Tuesday the .firing of General Bu!-
L ler's' army- seemed- to '-recede in
stead of approach, and the garrison .was
consequently -depressed. 1 . Suddenly everyb
ody was sjartled <to :hear the ' garrison's
4.7 gun firing.* It had not been used- much
of late, owing to the diminishing ammuni-i
tlon. • On hurrying out it \was found that
the Boers^ were \ trj-ing : to • remove • the • big
gun on'Bulwana.by'the' erection of a.dej^
rick. This"; proved that something, -extrn^'
ordinary* was 'happening.!.'. The "other; g&v
rlson.guns then v di_rected . their flre^on 1 Bul
wajia. withthe"result "that ' the" Boera. were
compelled' to abandon tthe! aittempt.with
the derrick.^ Later they placed-the gun on
a'.wagipn.' which' capsized in a donga. - v^ - '
¦During ;; the _""afternoph v whenever t'tio
Boers were seen -approaching the.Britlsh
resumed •.y the > * shelling; of : Bulwana. , At
about '4 -o'clock a ; terrific- thunderstorm
broke over the^ town. Just after a' ihessace
had" been "helfo'graphed from* Wagon Hill
that'the Boers. werein'full, retreat.
officers i « said \ they, believed; they could
descry "British .cavalry.' but most people
supposed that the wish was father to the
thought.^.; i'_^ V- : :*. ¦'! ',¦¦ -¦•' ?
•.As soon as the storm ceased the British
guns reopened on Bulwana, gradually con
centrating the fire on : the left, arid driving
the Boers jbeforethemV.wlththe'object of j
preventing theenemy hampringany Br:t- i
ish approach. • •: ¦_¦"¦, '- :
'¦ *An - , hour x later, a party, of British .'lorsr
men could be" seen crossing' the flat below,
Bulwana: at.' a ? distance [ off some ¦ miles- _It •
is imposßlble Ito 'describe S the; excitement
and enthusiasm among the trcoirs that r.3i
lowed. < Most : of 'the; townspeople ; had boon
driven' Into j the" houses', by^ the storm,''; nnd .
did 'hbtileafn the good news until later.
V The -storm brokeiout again at "7 o'clock
in the V evening ? and • ; continued t until ' Z
o'clock' the; next' morning.;, It> must : .have
seriously.: hampered 'the \ retreating* Briers.
The { British » gunners . kept ?a ; sharp watch
to prevent any furtherattempt to remo. a
the Bulwana. guns, r The i ßritish naval gun
was ; fired v at 'intervals through 'the; night,
and • In the ; morning, alf orce was sent • out
to j look after ' the gun -and ito \ occupy ) Bus
wana.VLbrd Dundonald's force ,went after
the retreatlng'Boers;,whne;4ooo "oftthe best
men'of the garrison went: toward- Klands
Laagte in the hope of being able to cut o:f
the enemy.' ¦ ' ' ,' ' ">'
HOW SONS OF ERIN
LOOK UPON THE WAR
<i KANSAS! CITY. March ' 4,-^ohn Dillon*.
Irish !; leader; In ',the ; English ; Parliament,''
was , invited' to send a message to be . read
ati the; recent ' banquet r of i, the-.' Marquette
Club In i this dt y , which developed -. enthu- •
alastlo .'. Boer ; sentiments. Dillon's reply,
, which 1 was delayed In : transmission; 1 , ha*
just been made public. It is dated Dub
lin,' February 22i ana says:in]part::.'.'.*. '.'.''.
'In Ireland ,we resard the war now. being
waged by the " British Government against the
two republics. of South Africa as the most un*
just, criminal "and 'cowardly war of the cen
tury. ¦ In , order to -deceive ' liberal ,' opinion • In '
¦Great Britain andv abroad a pretext was* put
forward— that the^objeqt of the attacks on the
republics: was tq| secure, equal rights' for the
Uitlanders. „ The falsity, of the. pretext has been
expose.! by tbe^ftct .that ¦ Ultranders' of .'ail
races except English are fltchtlng In the armies
of the two renubllcs* ' To use the- words of Sec
retary Reltz's creat manifesto to the t Free
Staters, according to the Colonial Secretary.
"England, has constituted herself champion of
all the Ultlanders." And what do we find? On
the, borders, vide by side with the - bughers. we
find these same Ultlanders In hundreds-r-G' 1 "
mans, .Irishmen. Frenchmen. Belgians and
Scandinavians and even Englishmen— ready to
4ay down their lives In order to rid themselves
of .their self-constituted champion. '
'All the civilized world now sees that the real
object of this conspiracy and war against the
republics. of South Africa Is to deprive the re
publics of their liberty, to steal their gold
mines, to- increase dividends by reducing the
wares of laborers In Johannesburg and to es
tablish the ascendancy of the English races
over all other races In South Africa. ' . ¦ /¦ ¦
¦ Was war -ever urged' for such Infamous' ob
jects? , ' . v . •;• -
In pursuance of this conspiracy against the
liberties of South. Africa that ' press ' ln Great
Britain and South Africa, which Is financed or
controlled by speculators and mine owners, who'
are chiefly responsible!, for' the " war, has as-,
sailed the .T»oer people with a torrent-of cal
umnies and' lies unparalleled 'in human mem
ory. .;¦.¦.*•--¦¦ ¦.< • ¦ .
The Irish' people, who' know from experience
the 'bfttfir fruits of 'race ascendancy and the
denial of; liberty, stand to-diy'for liberty and
justice In South Africa, as they stood. In 1773'
for'- liberty ' and ' Justice' In 'America,' and \ we (
looter with- conndence,-to • the citizens* of that
greatest of • republics, which throughout ¦ th«
nineteenth century, has been;th&- Mecca of all
lovtrs of liberty and the refuge -of | the | op
pressed, to extend Its' sympathy and all-power
ful aid to the .small peoples who are '•fighting,
with . splendid heroism to vindicate In South-
Africa ' to-day the j same, principles \whlch your
ancestors fought, for, and died for , ln the "great
war which save freedom to America. . ' ¦":*¦ * .;.
- '¦'•¦1-^~J- "."»'. . ' • — '• — — • '• .-¦ •
BRITISH FLAG TORN
BY HANOVER MOB
BERLIN. March -4.— At 'Hanover.- some
per.sons.-not yet identified, .tore a British
flag and .made 'an anti-British demonstra
tion in front of the-resldence of ah Eng
ishroan- who .had -displayed the .Union Jack
in celebration of t the successes lln South
Africa. '.'/ ¦ " -- ' : >/'.i
The semi-official \ Post In- -'' a
strong, article to-day again begs "the ' A
nglophobia press to' discontinue the-prac
tice of abusing British statesmen and gen
erals and British 'enterprises 'generally/
declaring that this does more harm than
they suppose.
The' Post asserts on the authority. of a
private letter from the Transvaal, re
ceived at Hamburg, that the Boer repub
lics, on January, 15. had Issued altogether
4fi,50fl/ Identification cards to .Boers in the
field. The writer, or the letter claims that
these : figures represented , the total Fed
eral forces at that time. . -V'v'W
DR. JORDAN PREDICTS
DISASTER FOR ENGLAND
"CHICAGO,* March 4.— President David
Starr .Jordan of Leland Stanford yniver
slty.; of i California lectured, at "'All Souls'
Church \ to-day, speaking fb a large audi
ence on ¦ "The ' 8100d ' of a Natipn." "He
said .that :the^ present r century would wit
ness'the'downfall-of ,• Great Britain. "._¦ He
declared • that the ''; people - of
South would have their freedom.
¦' The, speaker,' in terms,' assert
ed i that the present" inhabitants -of (Great
Britain werea mere. shadow of their fdre
fathers.ln point 'of brains and health. Mr.
Jordan '¦ thinks • that >a : nation that - founds
Its \ destiny on .war • must . reach ' a ''= speedy
decay. "He sald*a.great\war saps' the vi
tality . of k the bestj blood of the nation. ':*
i "; Dr. ; Jordan deprecated, the . fact * that •so
many, of, the best youths of , a .nation | are
killed during times of war;— He remarked
that this accounted : for, the existence of a
weak nation,: both y mentally and . physi-
GERMANY MAY
BE REQUESTED
TO EXPLAIN
Rheinbaben's Attitude To
« ward American Consuls
Resented.
HIS WARNING TO OFFICIALS
• ¦¦ -
' Instructed Them to Withhold " Coxn
. mercial . Information • Prom Bep
resentatives of the "United
States.
Special Cable to The Call and th« Kew Tork
-. Herald. Copyright. 1900. by th» New Tc*!e
Herald Conjj>any. "_
BERLIN, March A.— The revelation
of Herr Kunert. a Socialist Deputy,
regarding secret Instructions Issued
by Baron yon Rheinbaben to Ger
man officials, warning them not to
give any information to American Con
suls, has caused. a great . sensation here.
¦The secret circular, is dated Ousseldorf.
July 24. 1899. and bears the marks "C. B.
(Central Bureau) 2324, secret." It runs as
follows:
In the terms of the circular of June. 19, 104.
questions and requests by various Consul* ac
credited to Germany may be answered by.
German officials so lons as these do not refer
to matters of general Importance.
Among communications which must not
under any circumstances be made to Ameri
can Consuls are statistics regarding; breaches
of adulteration laws, especially of manufac
ture and sale 'of articles of food and drink In-
Juriocs to' health, and of articles of commerce.
Including ' toys, and adulteration and sale of
such 'wares. i
.'Regarding > trichinosis and foot and mouth,
disease in German cattle or condition of health
la Germany- among -men or animals there Is,
however, no objection to referring Consuls who
ask such ' Information .to publications of Im
perial Health Bureau. : No further Information
must be given them. , "„• . ."'•'»•'-..
¦ I request you to', regard the«e Instructions as
strictly confidential, and to communicate U>«m
to your- subordinates with express instructions
to keep them secret, -.
: Tou are forbidden ¦to convey them •to i th«
Burgomaster by sending him a copy, and you
will .take special means of malting communica
tion! of Baron yon Rheinbaben to Laadrathe
tind head . Burgomasters. '* ... . . . ';
¦WASHINGTON. March 4.— The i restric
tions imposed- by the Governor .'• of
Dusseldor,. Germany, upon American
consuls to prevent them from getting
information of a commercial charac
ter may be objected to by this Govern
ment in case an official dispatch regard
i ing them should be received by the State
Department. Reports of this character
have been, current In this country for sev
eral months, but an official of the Stato
Department ''satd to-day that ' no official
dispatches, had reached the department. If
the* facts are as stated in the press, re*
ports, then, he said, the department would
require Germany to live up to the provis
ions of the treaty of 1871 respecting Con
sular officers.
Article 2 of this convention provides that
"the respective Consuls Generaf. Consuls.
Vice Cqnsuls"or Consular agents, as well
as their chancellors and secretaries, shall
enjoy in the two countries all privileges^
exemptions and Immunities .which have
been granted or may In future be granted
to agents of the same lank of the most
favored nation/! The! authorities are not
Inclined to t».e belief that the restrictions
imposed by the Governor of Dusseldorf,
were prompted by the Berlin Government,
but were rather the act of an official who
desired to make political capital with the
Agrarian party. f.
PRISON REVOLT IS
QUELLED BY BULLETS
Five Cairo Mutineers Are Shot and
Two of Them May Die of
? CAIRO, March t.— A serious revolt, of
twenty convicts *at Tourah.^ the great
prison ; near Cairo, nearly Involved 500
other prisoners. . Blank , cartridges having
failed to overawe the malcontents, a' vol
ley was fired ;. from a ' window opposite
there through . the window of the , room
occupied by them." • '-- ', ¦"¦
Five of i the ; mutineers - were shot and
two/ It -Is believed, fatally wounded. - All
. then .. surrendered and were confined in
cells. '
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MO^^Y;V:M^ R cH- 5; 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVH-XO. 95.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
NATAL CARBINEERS ATTACKING BOER WAGON TRAIN.
;. .The; Boers, retreating- from Ladysmith toward Elands ¦, Laagate ".and- Van
Reenans Pass were closely followed by, the British mounted troops. Several
times hot flghtingensued. A large proportion of the cavalry of "Sir Redvers
Buller's army, as well ;»s ,the garrison of Ladysmith, is made up of Colonial
troops, ywhose knowledge of. the- country .makes them much- : more efficient
for such service than the British regulars. On the' other hand, compara
tively, .few ..of Lord Roberts'.! mounted 1 metaoperating in. a level country-are
Colonials. - *. «/. %. v^ : „¦.• ¦"-. "i -'••. -, . :.:'*.*
Africa., The native army Is particularly
enthusiastic." . ' .
The ftueen.has abandoned her, lntended
visit ¦ to : the Italian Riviera,- and has de
cided to remain at' home. ¦:•. Her, decision tc
give, up^her, customary spring holiday ii
accounted as ; another .proof "of. her) dcci
Interest, ln and devotion to, the welfare oi
her: people. On ~ Thursday she will"com«
to ; London for a brief visit," remaining un
til Saturday; and she will undoubtedly ; re
ceive a, splendid; ovation.'-. Her? heartfelt
homely [dispatches Uo the , generals In th«
Held and her, visit to Nettley* Hospital
have 'greatly "endeared her. to her, people, i
.-Spencer .Wilkinson* in .the Morning (Port
to-day I merely, reviews 1 the ... small >l evanti
announced iln i the } dispatches ¦? from | th<
front, arid | expresses the { opinion ' that! th«
BoeTs cannot i place " more ' than '. 4o,ooo mer
to oppose Lord Roberts, except ', by. a"com
plete abandonment of Natal. , He says: ".^
: tliat'the* Boers must' keep twe
strong ' rear " guards,; one: at ; the ; crests jOl
the"' Free "State passes, arid 'the;: other ?ai
Biggarsberg. a General ¦ Buller. is ]• betweer
them and can \ threaten' either, at ihia ' dis.
crctloh.V IHej can*,% therefftr'e.Vco'mpel then
to- kefep 1 .f. f a j dlspf oporttonrite * forced on _-. th«
two ; lines,' or.'Jca ye • one -or. the- other'oper
to*his advance.". V-ii-.'^.vv^,;^--^.'-- •¦:.;,^.. k ;"•;
Natives Cut the Wires.
MAZEREUX. '*. > Basutolarid,, 1 !
March . 2.f-A' telegraph line bet ween ' Maf e
tins: arid r<Maxereuk-]r < Maxereuk-] was _• cut '^Wednesda j
nljrhC a7 whole jwction ¦ being,' removed. : *'. II
Is ; believed ; thla i'wm * the Twork? of natives,
prompted 'or; bribed by, the i'B«iri.' iy .»'y ;.1 ,
?j
f3
H
?.
1
t
t
;
t:
t-
«
|
i
I
I
!
4
?j
f3
H
?.
1
t
t
;
t:
t-
«
|
i
I
I
!
4TORE DOWN THE FLAG.
Politicians, in the Heat of Campaign.
Do a Co-nrardly Trick.
OMAHA. March <.— One of the incidents
of the heated municipal campaign, which
t lo«e* to-morrow, was the tearing down
«nd destroying of an American flaj; and
substituting therefor a red flag on a
nagpole in Mayor Moore's yard somp time
Saturday night. This morning the Mavcr.
who Ib running for re-eWt!on was as
tounded-to •»«*«* the red cloth flying vhere
erstwhile the Stars and Stripes floated.
A* th* rope was cut he had to coll on th*
fire department to run. up a ladder and
take down the red cloth. He then ran uu
a brand-new" American flag, and says he
does not- propose to let any one pull -it
down. The work is thought to have been
done by political opponents.
George Estudillo Dead.
LOS 'ANGELES.'.Mafch 4.--o«orge Estu
diUo/ »on . of-* Juan -G. Estudillo, former
State Treasurer, died to-day at the. home
of his parents. • Deceased; wa» about 30
1 f'flfS Of pp ".. .•" -
STRONG OPPOSITION
TO THE MEAT BILL
Resolutions Adopted by the Execu
tive Committee of the German
Commercial Convention.
BERLIN. March 4.— Regarding the re
port eabJed from Washington that Secre
tary Hay had received- assurance from
the German Government that the meat
bill would be changed. United States Em
bassador White said to-day that he had
no Information to confirm it, but he ex
pected this assurance would be given. -
The executive committee of the German
Commercial Convention yesterday'adopted
unanimously a resolution against • the
committee report .on the meat bill, de
claring that such -a prohibition of meat
imports would considerably injure meat
consumption on the part of a'large'sec
tion of the nation, particularly the - in
dustrial masses. The protest concludes
as follows: ¦;..?.-* - ;
"We protest on behalf of the industries,
of tbe commerce and shipping of the Ger
man fatherland." ; ; , - , »¦*. ' ¦ '¦-
The influential Weser Zeltung • points
out forcibly that the meat imports, at a
conservative estimate, amount to only
50.000.000 marks, whereas the exports to
the United States reach 365.000.000 marks,
all of which would be threatened by the
prohiliJtion of the bill. It says:
"A tariff war would make the British
and the Belgian successors to the Ger
man trade wltn the United. States. More
over, the Americans ¦ themselves '-would
develop those industries which , Germany
now supplies." ¦ • • "
Wrestler Costello Killed.
SEATTLE. Wash.. March 4.— Duclaw
Costello, a" French wrestler and habitue
of the tenderloin, was -stabbed; to death
by Victorine Margonetta. his companion,
in the Central Lodging House this morn
ing. The occurred • about 5
o'clock and Costello died two hours later.
The woman Is in the City Jail,- charged
with murder. -. .„ - . ;i.
AMERICAN LINE. *)
RZW TO&E. BOUTHAKFTOS. LO3DOS. EAXX&
Stopping- at Cherbourg, westboand.
From. New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. in. '
New York March. 7 New York—..March 13
St. Paul March 14 St. Paul.. ....April 4>
Kensington ...March II St. Louis AprU IV
RED STAI? LINE.'
New YorK aod Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Southwark ...March 7 r.i'oordland March »S
Westernland ..March 14 Frlesland ......April 4
Kensington ...March 2l|Southwark».... t Aprll 11
EMPIRE LINE. .; '
Seattle. St. Mlcbael. Dawson Ctty.
For full information resardlng freight »nd
passage apply to. ,
INTERNATIONAL, NAVIGATION COMPANT.
SO Montgomery st.. or any of its agencies.
WRECKAGE IN
THE WAKE OF
THE STORM
Vessels 'Probably Lost Off
. the Coast of Rhode
Island.
Telegraphic Communication Was In
' terrupted and the Full Extent of
the Danu.ge ; Hap Not Yet
Been Ascertained; ~ ¦ :
?
PROVIDENCE,' r: 1.. March 4.-Owing
to the break in the telephone line along
the Southern Rhode Island coast, the
details ofj the destruction caused by
Thursday's terrific gale are Just begin
ning to be received. . - - '
AH sorts of wreckage is on the beach
between Point Judith and Watch Hill and
the life savers believe that other vessels
were also wrecked by the gale. The
Watch Hill ( life savers found what ap
peared to be a portion of a bridge deck
house and the Point Judith station re
ported finding a portion of a stairway,
evidently belonging to a barge or a ves
sel of some sort.
The Quounchontag station found what
appeared to be a piece of a mast and part
of a bulkhead and a hatch combing were
washed ashore Thursday night at Narra
gansett l'ier.
SMALL BOER
FORGE MASSED
FOR DEFENSE
Continued from. First Page.
PACIFIC CABLE
BILL CERTAIN
TO BE PASSED
Republican Leaders in Con
gress Determined to
. Force Action. '
Favorable Reports to Be Submitted
by Committees of Both, the
Senate and the
House. . j
• .. . . ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, March 4.—
Legislation providing for the construction
of a sutwnarine telegraph cable connecting
the, United States with Hawaii, Guam, the
Philippiist-s, China and Japan is one of the
projects; which the Republican leaders
propose to carry through the present Con
gress. It U»* probable that with the pres
sure of ocher important business this
measure may go over until next session,
but bills will be tavorably reported in both,
houses during the present session.
There are tew men in either house who
are opposed to the construction of the
proposed cable. The only difference of
opinion is as to the jnanner in which it
should be done. Bills have been intro
duced in both houses providing for the
construction of tha cable directly by the
Government, and these have been stnontrly
urged by Brigadier General Greely, cliief
of the signal corps. By the Navy Depart
ment and by other departments of the
Government, Other bills have b«en "intro
duced providing for tJie construction .of a
cable by a private corporation and for the
payment of an annual subsidy by the Gov
ernment in return for the free trasmlsslon
of all Government mtssages.
In the Senate theee bills have been re
ferred to the Committee on Xaval Af
fairs, and in the Hocse they are before,
the Committee on Interstate and Foreign
Commerce. Hearings have been given by
both committees to officials of the Gov
ernment and to representatives of various
companies seeking authority to lay the
cable.
The House committee has already jjone
so far as to decide by a. majority vote in
favor of the conßtructiatn by a private
company rather than by the Government.
It has also been decided tJiat the franchise
shall be open to competition and shall be
awarded to the company offering 1 to take
the lowest subsidy withm the limit of
$400,000 per year for twenty years, and
puaranteeinp the completion or the iable
within the shortest limit* of time. ' The
committee has also derided to. provide
that the cable shall be of American manu
facture and that it shall be laid by> ships
of American register and flying the Amer
ican flag.
TELEPHONE GRANT ' 33.
V>>& Co.^ ¦*
222.224 SUTTER STREET pj
SPECIAL ; a
MONDAY— TUESDAY- -VYEDHESDAY m
fea. 10 kinds Ib 40c ¦
Family mixed. New Era blend. 33
Nlnjtchow congou, Formosa Oolong. Q
Foochow Oolong. Assam Ceylon. .Kg
Japan basket-ttred, Japan Younsr Hy- -J
con. China Gunpowder, China Young ¦¦
Hyson. i W
Regularly 50c. ¦
Finnan Haddies ; Ib 121 c ¦
New shipment. Kesraiarly I3c. j gj
Eggs, very best j : ; ; . 15c tfoz.g
Keraiarly 20c. Zj
Canted Fruits 3 cans 50c a
"New Era" special; Al quality M-
frnit racked in heavy syrup. Regu- fli J
la;ly 20c can. - Jf
Corn, fine quality 10c can ¦
Regularly 12Hc »
Ciutney qt bottle 50c n .
' Genuine East India. Regularly 73c. 3'
Large shipment Just received; extra W:
¦ fine quality. fj '
Walnuts Ib 123 c £
Best California. New, fresh goods. ea
Codfish 3 lbs 25c j"
"U'hole Eastern, very Una. Reg. 10c. j£
Canned Soups . . Qt tin 25c/ ¦
Celebrated Franco-American, Ox ""
Tail, Mock Turtle^ Beet and Chicken. ¦
Regularly 25c. g
Catsup, "New Era" hot 15c g
Claret .. gal 35c 5
Good, sound wine. Regularly SOc. 2J
Scotch Whisky ' 'hot $1.15 3
Slater, Rodgen £ Co; 10 jears- oil. IB
RegHJarly M.33. . . gj
Malt Whisky bot 75c ¦
"Acme," a purs medldnai Uauon. m
Curtain Stretchers v S
The latest lmprovenients: flat and
square corners: will not sag; nickel ¦
plated pins; will not rust; 7 feat wide, n
. 14 feet long. - 5
Stationary pins. reg. J2 00 now f 1.63 ¦
Adjustable pins, reg. t:.50 now Jf'JAM m
Folding Ironing Boards • SI. 15 §
Very convenient. Regularly JLSO. ¦
Hamamells (Eit. of Witch Hazel) 1
li-Vt. bottle, cC bottle. ct bott'.a m
15c . 25c 40c S
Cigars— Chateau la Rose a
Best clear Havana 5c cisrar
7 for 25c; box of 50. >a .SO. ¦
;¦¦¦— ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦[¦¦¦¦¦aS
BOUNTEOUS
DOWNPOUR IN
THE SOUTH
Rain Which Has Been Anx
iously Watched for Falls
at Last.
FARMERS IRE JUBILANT
Copious and Welcome Showers Are
Reported to Hay- Fallen
in All Sections of
the State.
? The following are the seasonal
»- rainfalls to date. Including the fall
? ia the last twenty-four hours:
»-.. Last This
X Stations— Cl hours. Season.
? Eureka 0.43 41. C5
? Rod Bluff ....: 0.04 17.27
?¦ Sacramento 0.2 C 14.40
? San Francisco 0.46 16.02
X -Fresno * 0.67 6.SS
X Independence 0.02 2.J4
? San Luis Obispo... 1.92 14.53
k Los Angeles 0.9J 5.55
? San IM»go O.CS 3.C2
•- Yuma 0.00 0.75
LOS ANGELES. March 4— lt began to
rain here about 9 o'clock this morning,
nrid until nearly 1 o'clock the fall wtis
heavy and steady. Alter that hour Ft driz
zled until 3 o'clock, and tlien great rilts
in the clouds indicated that the storm was
blowing away. The sun came out after
that, and further expectations of rain, for
the present at least, were over. The f?.il
consisted of .S3 of an Inch. Although tK*
rain came too late to Insure good crops of
wheat an«l barley, a plentiful supply of
hay is Insured thereby, and there need'be
r.o further fears about the potato crop.
The storm, although so short lived, has
revived the v.-arJnjj hopes of the farmer?,
who were becoming desperate, and every
body was congratulating his neighbor
while the rain lasted. The early sown
grain was badly burned up. and to-day's
phowers were probably too late to save :t.
Late to-rtght the sky is bright and tl 3
stars are all out.
In the forenoon some of the streets were
badly flooded, but no damage was caused.
The present storm was the first since t'ia
beginning of the year.
SAN DIEGO. March 4.— This county In
its entirety was visited this afternoon by
one of the n:os»t weicome rains that haa
*>ver < ome to this section. The fall besan
at about 4 o'clock, and in two hours o\er
B half-Inch Ml. At least a quarter of an
:irh fell between 4:45 and 3 o'clock. F;e
j'orts from all over the county toll of the
j-ame generous rainfall. The rain was
jn-eded everj'where. and in the big valleys
•about Escondido, Poway. Karaona, Fall
brook and El Cajon thousands of dollors
•worth of grain was saved, as the fields
¦were dryinj? up rapidly and were showing
yellow. The Indications are for more rain.
The county c^n stand half. an inch a day
Xor several days.
BAK K IiS KIJ£L.D, March 4.— Rain com
menced to fall a.t about 6 o'clock this
morning and continued till 2 o'clock, the
precipitation being alxtut an inch. There
is much rejoicing in consequence. It came
In the rack of Uxne to save the growing
crop*.
FRESNO. March 4— After a few light
rhowers during the day. a heavy down
pour net in shortly after dark this even
ing, with pood prospects of a continuance.
The rainfall up to i> o'clock this evening
for the past twenty-four hours is .©,
making a total of 6.H2 for the season,
against 3.£6 to the same date laft year.
The rain ha-« come just in time to do the
most good, and there is little doubt that
the < % rt»t>s in thi* section of the San Joa
quin Valley will be very large.
SACRAIIKXTO. March 4.— About a half
inch of rain fen here to-day, making
the fall for the season 14.47 Inches, against
less than P Inches vo the same date last
year. Nearly three feet of snow fell at
ih« Summit last Right, which will help
inward keeping up the streams. The
•weather in still unsettled, and more show
••¦rs are looked for.
STOCKTON, March 4.— The rain which
had bern failing lightly up to midnight
last night developed into a heavy down
pour early this morning. The precipita
tion continued for several hours.' making
a total «;f 1.11 inches for the storm. The
rainfall will prove of great benefit to ag
riculturists In this vicinity. Reports from
Pan Jnaquin Valley points, indicate that
the storm extended over the entire valley.
SAN JOSE. March 4.— The rain which
began falling Saturday has soaked the
valley to an extent that insures a large
grain crop, and answers every other ex
pectation. There was a steady downpour
all last night, and several showers have
fallen this evening. Total for the storm.
j.25 inches: for the seasan. 13.19.
REDDING. March 4.— Rain and hall
have been falling here at intervals
throughout the past thirty-six hours. This,
evening what promises to be a steady
downpour of rain pet in. Moisture is not
needed ~y th» agriculturists of this re
gion, but rain is always welcome to
miners. The hail Is believed to have done
som<* damage to budding fruit.
SANTA BARBARA. March 4.— Never
was rain more appreciated than that
which cam* to-day, and there are' pros
pects for more to-night. At about 3 o'clock
this morning it started to sprinkle slight
ly, and before 4 it had turned into a good
downpour, and did not cease until an inch
and a half had fallen. Not. for years has
this county been so dry. and crops, which
it was feared would K» lost, are now safe
SANTA MARIA. March 4.— The lop<
drought has been -broken by over an Inch
of rain. It Is heavier still in the upper
i«nd lower valley. The rain was time;v
saving the early grain, which was sufft.r
ing from lack of moisture. AH agricul
tural Interests are benefited lmmensely
SAN MIGUEL. March 4— lt began rain
ing at about 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon
and continued through the night. Grain Jn
some places was turning brown and - in
other sections was already headed. Fajm
ers were preparing to cut hay next week.
For the storm .93 of an inch fell, making
for the season thus -far a total of 7 14
Inches.- against 3.HS inches to same date
last y»ar.
SANTA ROSA. March 4.— A severe wind
*u>d rain storm visited this city this after
noon. About an Inch and a half of rain
lias fallen in the last two days.
SANTA ANA. March 4.— Rain began fall
ing her** to-day, over one inch falling in
the eastern portion of the valley. It came
at a most opportune time, saving many
thousands of dollars to the ranchers
throughout the valley. It is believed now
that late sown grain, with more rain will
make a fair crop. Considerable barky
sown Is ton far gone to be saved.
SAUNAS. March 4.-The rainfall in this
vicinity, as w«U as all over th» county.
has been abundant during the last twenty!
fonr hours, and there Is every Indication
of a further downpour.
Weekly Call, $1 : per Year
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Taka Laxative- -Bromo Quinine \T»bletß. ¦ All
drunrtsts * refnnd the money If It fail*' to care.
E. W. Grove" ¦ signature 1» oo each box. 22c.
Took Carbolic Acid.
SACRAMENTO. March 4.— George P.
Kelly.. son of P. Kelly of,this*city/com
m'tted Buicide to-nijht by taking carbolic
acid.^ The t deceased \ wa» ¦ a i dissipated
youth, and it is supposed he took the fatal
dose during a fit of remorse. ' His father
is the owner -of ,«-• considerable r valuable
property, 1 and the act cannot be accounted
for other than as stated.
JAY, AND ' RIVEB STEAMERS. ,
FOR U. S. MAYY YARD AND YALLEJO. ¦
Steamer "Montlcello." '
s*.^?" S ' :J0 5* ."2v i9x: Tnurs. night) ; Fri-
****. * »• m.and 8:80; Sundays, 10:»3 a. m. 8
ri, m "w L *? dtl Jf ,' n ? offle *- Mission-street Dock,
4.'??,™°- 2 '< T «le»»x»« Main 1308. . -
rAR9*-y,,.,i. ........... ....^.....;;....;...V. i Mo
Gome Just to Look
Handsome
Chinaware ¦
Crocker y
Glassware
Lamps
Ornaments >
Novelties
Clock* ,
LOWEST PRICES.
Come Just to Look;
Stores CTerj^vTbere.
, xoo Stores.
830832-834 MARKET STREET^
SAN FRANCISCO.
TOYO KISEN KAISfli
STEAMERS WILL LE.AVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 n. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hioso). Nacasakl and ShanEhal. and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. -No carco received on board on day
of galling. ' » ¦*
AMERICA MARt* Wednesday. March 7
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. March 31
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, April 25
Via Honolulu. v **
Ronnd-trlp tickets at reduced rates. Fo r
freight and passage apply at company's o(1r»
421 Market it., corner First. «'"cc.
. W. H. AVERT. General Agent. -
@[!lg{!Mls slneH" fS? 1 ?
O -^ 13W. at Ip. m. **.«-.
G«<mrUf»> 7h « " S- 3- Harlposi
VpiTlPaß^ Wednesday. MarchMT
Favorite line around the .world via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez.
England, etc: $610 first class. •«.'•• -
L D. SPrtcCKELSS. BROS. CO.. AgU..M4MsntMiwr»
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Frei3h>Gmc*.327 Market St
M'KINLEY CRITICIZED
IN A BISHOP'S SERMON
President Listens While a Man of the
Cloth Speaks in Behalf of the
Filipinos.
NEW YORK, March 4.— Although Pres
ident McKlnley waa up late last night at
tending-the banquet of the Ohio' Society,
he arose about 8 o'clock this morning.
Later, accompanied by his brother Ab
ner and Secretary Cortelyou, he attend
ed morning services at the Fifth-avenue
Presbyterian Church.. Quite a crowd
gathered on the avenue after the service
and greeted .the President and his party
with vigorous handclapping.
The remained in the > hotel
until about 4 o'clock, when he went out
for a drive with Mr. Hawk, proprietor of
the hotel. They went up Fifth avenue,
through Central Park and Riverside
drive. -¦ . . -. -
Mrs. McKinley remained at the hotel
all afternoon receiving callers. . Some of
those who called were former Governor
and Mrs. Morton and Misses Morton,
General Anson McCook and United States
District Attorney Burnett. ' •
At 10 o'clock the President ¦ and Mrs.
McKlnley and party left the hotel on the
way to Jersey City, where the President
and his wife took the train, leaving at 12
o'clock.
"I enjoyed my trip immensely: I ' am
enjoying perfect health," the President
said a3 he left the hotel.
Part of the sermon of Bishop Andrews
to-day to which President McKinley lis
tened has been pointed to as a criticism of
the President's Philippine policy. Bishop
Andrews discoursed on charity and love,
taking as his text the fifth verse of the
lirst chapter of the first epistle to Timo
thy: "Now the end of the commandment
is charity out .of a pure heart and of a
good conscience, and of faith unfeigned."
"Whatever may be the reason of de
pravity." said Bishop Andrews, "what
ever may be the doctrine of depravity,
man loves his family, his- neighbors and
his country. This love makes society pos
sible. We should, love our friends and
neighbors and country, but we should love
the people of every other race as we love
ourselves. What is patriotism but a nar
row care of one's own land and city, such
as the Romans had; when they trampled'
out the lives of whole nations? '¦¦..-.¦< .>-¦
"There are indications of a tendency not
to value men of other "races as we value
those of our own.v We cannot recognize
the excellence of the man 'with' almond
eyes, or whose hair is curled a little too
much. We find it hard to recognize that
these are all children of' one, great
Father." ' • : . ?--._¦
THREE YOUNG CHILDREN
ARE BURNED TO DEATH
OLYMPIA. Wash., March 4.-John,
Charles and Emma, aged; respectively, j. v
7'and 9 years/ children of Charles Wenfcer!
living eleven miles from here! were burned
to death last night about 11 o'clock. -Th»
parents were away from home attending a
dance, and an elder Bister, ; aged -12, was
left In charge of the house ! and i children.
She was badly burned in attempting to
rescue her brothers and sister. Being un
successful, she finally Jumped from a sec
ond-story window- eight r. feet from n the
ground.":- The flre Is supposed to have orlgi
mated ¦ from < the explosion of an air-tight
heater. • - ¦ - - -" .>.
1> Clearance
|sale
LAST TWO WEEKS.
MISSES* AND CHJLDREK'S SHOES.
CHILDS' GOAT BUTTON SHOE— French toe.
' narrow widths, sizes i to 7. to close
out BOc
BOYS' AND YOUTHS' PATENT LEATHER
LACE AND BUTTON SHOES-rßroken sizes.
formerly $3.00 and $4.00 fl.<Ml
MISSES' PATENT LEATHER Button Shoes,
j French toes, kid, black cloth or tan cloth
tops, sizes 11 to 2,- formerly $4.00 85c
MISSES! ALL KID OR GOATSKIN Button
Shoes. French toes, sizes 12 to 2. formerly
$2.50 OOc
LADIES' SHOES.
LADIES' COLORED SATIN SLIPPERS—
Pointed toes, 'all shades, all sizes, formerly
$3.»"":, i .: ....*1..%0
LADIES' SUEDE KID OXFORDS— In Black.
1 Tan, Nile* Green- and Lavender, nearly all
'• sizes, formerly. $«.„ $1.,10
iADIES' KID OXFORDS— Sizes 2 to 4 AAA to
B, formerly $2.50 fI.OO
GENTS* SHOES.
GENTS' FRENCH CALF CORK .SOLE. Hand-
sewed Lace Shoes, nearly all sizes. $6 and $7
grades *3.00,
GENTS 1 PATENT LEATHER. Lace or Con-
Bress, best makes, formerly IS, < sizes, 9 to 11,
A. B. C... «1.50
GENTS' BICYCT^E- SHOES— Lace, in Blark or
Tan. broken sizes, formerly $3.00 :...$2.00
GENTS' TAN RUSSIA CALF Lace Shoes,
. pointed toes. $4.00 and $5.00 ' quality, broken
lot; to dose out... ...fI.SU
LOTS OF BARGAINS.
Goods strictly as advertised.
See prices In window.
cally. The speaker declared that; France;
more than any other great nation, had de
teriorated. He said war more, than any
other thing had contributed-.tp. thia sor
rowful condition. Among other things he
said: . . • : - .-'¦'' ;•, ' i ;.•.-.- .t.
V think war.- more, than any other, agency,'
destroys the. vitality of. a nation. .• Take.: for In
etance, the present Brltlsh-Boer war.' The best
representatives of both countries are, now on the
field of • battle. War. not. only makes, widows,
but if prevents many, marriages. ; I am- certainly
of the opinion that war Is a curse of any na
tion, -unleis It Is. the "result, of; a flghtf fforr r free
dom. Such a thing as carrying on a war for the
Bake of encouraging imperialistic ideas, will
wreck sooner or later a nation that tries such
a scheme. ¦.'.'" t .
. ¦ ¦ ... . • — ? ' ' ¦ ¦:.;.. 'i .
CAPE COLONY DUTCH
TAKE A KAFFIR TOWN
CAPE TOWN. Sunday, March 4.— The
Canadian, artillery has. just .started for
the front. The, loyalists, gave them an
ovation. 'vVv*-.^ : •
/ At Graaf-Reynet, about 200 miles north
of Port Elizabeth, some seventy Dutch
men,', incited' by- bondites, attacked with
sticks and. stones a body of- loyalists, who
were celebrating the relief of Ladysmith.
Many persons- were, injured. , The loyalists
.demand military < protection.
, A similar riot occurred at Stellenboosch,
about twenty-five mljes i east jj of- Cape
Town. The- rebels, of Griqualand, rein
forced : by, 600 ' Dutch \ farmers \ from the
Prleska. district, occupied Kenhardt, 100
miles west of Prieska, after a sharp con
flict with the Kaffirs, and are now march
ing southeastward on Van Wyks Vley,
where there are grain stores.
Four hundred refugees from Kenhardt
have reached Carnarvon. The. natives in
that district are, reported as restless.
. ¦ -. - ? ¦'
FRENCHMEN WARNED
AGAINST ANGLOPHOBIA
PARIS-. March, 4.— Paul Deschanel wa»
banqueted to-day by his' constituents at
Nogent Rotrou, in celebration- of his r«-.
election to the presidency of- the- Chamber
of Deputies.. In the course of his- speech
he uttered a warning against demonstra
tions of Anglophobia in the presa and on
the part of the public in connection with
the war in South Africa.. He said;
When, one does not aid the weak, even though
they be admirable and heroic, It is! both puerile
and imprudent to torment the strong and more
especially to insult them. Let us not set aside
the great duties which the; Continental wars of
the last half of the century have Imposed, upon
us and let' us continue to march In the direct
road toward our Invariable goal.
BOERS ANNOUNCE THE
RETREAT FROM RENSBERG
BLOEMFONTEIN, Orange Free State,
Friady, March 2 (via Lourenzo Marques,
March 3).— The Federals have resolved to
abandon the territory around Rensberg
and the retreat has been effected under
the- protection of. mounted burghers. .
; It is officially announced that on Febru
ary 27 General "Cronje. with- from 2000 to
3000 men, 1 surrendered, "owing to scarcity
of food and ammunition. > • / ' ; •¦••¦-.
g President Kruger is Issuing a stirring
address to the burghers In Natal, who are
falling back on Biggarsburg. : The Presi
dent will' return •to Pretoria on Sunday.
¦¦ : ' ¦ ,-^- : — 1 » ... r. ¦ . ' ¦
GAVE THEIR RATIONS
TO WOUNDED BRITISH
COLEfiBBRG, March 4 .— A reconnols
sance -with two troops of Australians and
two guns found the wagon bridge over the
Orange River intact." _.¦ Fifty Boers on the
other side were taken' by, surprise, and th«
British galloped to the laager, some mUes
on the Free State side.; Price's command
has .moved seven \ miles -north of < Coles
berg. . - v : 1 ¦' ¦•; •¦';";.' : •"• : -'-, ' ' ?;-.::',.
The BoerB." during their occupation, de
nied themselves rather : than . see • the ; Bri
tish wounded suffer. - .'¦ ? ¦, ¦.¦. ¦ .-;.
British to March Through Zululand.
9 DURBAN,'; Friday. March 2.—Yeaterdaj
a number,.- of,' horses were 'sent . into , Zulu
land .with the; object ; : of ; marching a .Brit
ish force through' Zululand and Intercept-
Ing th« Boers, north of Bigganburg. ¦ A
complete system of hellograpMc communi
cation Is .established between Weeoea and
Shawa. , ... ... . ¦
ADVERTISEMENT a.
OCEAN TBAVIDL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Steamers leaie Broadway
•wharf. San Francisco:
For Alaskan parts. 10 a. m..
Mar. 8. 7. IJ, 17. 22, J7. Apr. 1.
Changs to company's steamer*
at Seattle.
For Victoria, V\incoarer. (B.
C), Port Towns nd, Seattle
Taccma. Everett. Anacorres.
and New Whatc<m (Wash.).
10 a. nv. Mar. J. 7. 12, 17, 22.
27. Apr. 1 and every fifth day there* fter: chansa
at Seattle to this company's steama-rs for Alas-
ka and O. N. Ry.f at T*cozna to 3i . P. Ry.; aC
¦Vancouver to C P. Ry. «'
Fcr Eureka CHumboldt Bay).. 3.1 p. in.. Mar.
5. 10, 13. 20. 2s. 30. Apr. 4.3 and cv« ry filth day
thereafter.- ¦•• • *** ¦' - %*i >' ¦ "-r.
Par Santa Cr»iz. Monterey. P»naimeon, Ci».
neos. Port Hariord (San Lu!s Obisp a), Uarloti,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro lLos Au«reles> and Newport, 9
a. m.. Mar. 4. 8. 12. l«. 20. 24, 23.^ Apr. .L and
every fourth day thereafter. - •
For San Diego, stopping onry at P ort Harf ord
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Los'
Anceles and RedcndoCLcs Angeled*. 11 a. m..
Mar. 2. «. 10, 14. 18. K. 56, 30, Apr. 1. and every
fourth day thereafter. . - • ¦ • - - ¦ •
Fcr Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, Finn Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Patita Rosallj
and Gnaymas (Mex.>. 10 a. m.. Mar. 8. and 7th
of eacb month thereafter.
For further Information ' obtain company's
foldet.
The company renerres tbe risht to chansr*
Rteamem. sallinr dates and hours «£ sailing,
with/Mit previous notice,
TICKET OFFICK —4 New Mtontsomery
street (Palace Hotel). ,
GOODALL." PERKINS & CO.. Cen.' Acts.. '
10-Markrt st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & fl. CD.
DISPATCH FAST BTEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Sotar-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
rHiIL $8 Second Class «n^ V<> a i. r»
STATE. OF CALIFORNIA sails.-,..
March 4. H. 24. Aprll-3
COLUMBIA sails March ». 1* ». AprU S
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. ¦ •¦ ¦ •
E. C. WARD, General A*ent.
GOODALI, PERKINS •&.?**•* *"*
Superintendents. ¦ ' '.
DEMOCRATIC IMPERIALISM.
—St.. Paul .PJoneer .Press.
ARMED STRIFE
DEPLORED BY
SWEDEN'S KING
Hopes for Early Peace in
South Africa and the
. Philippines.
Oscar; Speaks of Conditions in the
¦ United States and Sends Greet- -?
l i ngs to . Scandinavian
-'.¦¦¦. Americans. .; . i
Correspondence of the , Associated^ Press. ..*..
STOCKHOLM, Sweden, Feb. 12.— As was !
cabled at the time, a representative of. the"!
Associated Press was. recently accorded;
an audience with King Oscar, of Sweden,
and Norway.. The following details of- the
interview are Interesting:
The correspondent arrived at the royal
palace' at 10 o'clock in the morning.
Mounting five nights of. stairs, he entered
an ante-chamber, where one non-commis-
sioned officer from each of the, regiments
of the Life Guards stood at attention.
Several lackeys helped the correspondent
to take off his overcoat! He kept his hat,
as it is the custom to carry it in the hand
when admitted to -the presence of; the
King. In the next room the correspondent |
was. received by the King's L adjutant.-
After a short conversation ¦he took" the
correspondent into another room, a. grand
salon, one of the most beautiful and gor
geous rooms in the palace. There- the ad>
jutant introduced the correspondent to the
Chamberlain, who thereupon went into"
the King's private rooms. Returning in a
minute ne told the visitor the King was
ready to receive him.
King Oscar was standing in the center
of the room, dressed in the uniform, of a'
general of the Swedish army. ; His Ma
jesty is more than six feet tail. His face
nas an expression of -sympathy, and intel
ligence. From his sprigntly movements
one would never dream that he is a man
of 71 years. The King advanced a few
steps toward the correspondent, extended
his hand and bade him welcome to Stock
holm. His Majesty was very much inter
ested in hearing about conditions In Amer
ica. Nothing mat has hapened there has
escaped, him. He spoke- of the feud In
Kentucky and about the educational; in
stitutions with, the same knowledge, of
facts. He regretted very much to hear
of the death of General Lawton In the
Philippines, showed a great interest- in
what Was taking place on the islands and
asked many questions in regard to. tho
progreeß of the campaign.
Naturally the King w-.m much concerned
about the war in South Africa. It must
be remembered that Graat Britain, though
in nowise sui ally of Sweden and Norway,
is the best guarantee for the independence
of the I two northern countries. . • Great
Britain's power once broken it would not
be long before' the little nations would be
swallowed up by their mighty neignbors,
in the East. •.
From King Oscar's conversation the cor
respondent believed his Majesty," was in
favor of " the British in Soutn Africa.
However, he spoke in the highest terms
of the great strategic ability of the Boers
and expressed a fervenfwlsh that war In
the -Philippines and "the Transvaal war
would soon be over.
• As to the internal troubles of his two
countries, the King naturally would not
speak for publication. Toward the end of
the audience the King took the corre
spondent into his private writing room,
selected t a splendid , likeness of himself,
said it was the best portrait of him and
wrote his name across it and asked the
correspondent to keep it as a memento of
the audience. i .: ¦-.-.
The King then sent through the Asso
ciated Press the greeting to the Scandina
vians of the United States which was con
tained in the cable dispatch.
i A few days later the correspondent was
received by the new Minister; of Foreign
Affairs, Mr. Lagerheirn, who in the course
of a conversation " talked of the troubles
between Sweden and Norway. He said, in
part:-- •¦ -. ¦ - -_... ?-. ¦ ? ' .. .¦. - ... '
"I think both countries might meet each
other half way on many of their differ
ences and thus by mutual concessions
take* away the bitter feeling that exists
in; some respects.. You doubtless know
that in several instances, as. for example,
to the nationality of the Minister of For
eign Affairs, Sweden has made concessions,
but I repeat all concessions must not come
from one quarter." ™ ¦ :-. \-¦ ? •..¦
Mr. Lagerhelm said he was sure that
most of the talk of unfriendliness between
the two peoples was only on the surface,
if even there, adding that If the time ever
came when It would be necessary to make
a common stand in defense of the union
he had . no doubt that the .world .would
find the ' Swedes and Norwegians united
as one. -._¦¦¦¦¦•:¦¦ ..¦-,-, ;.-. •: - .;¦.-.;;. , ,•-,¦-¦..,,...,
BITTER ATTACK
ON THE POLICY
OF McKINLEY
Boiirke Cockran T Declares
JThis Government Is Aid- ..
" ,- ing Great Britain. V
¦'•¦•¦ '-*- ry-': ¦:¦ ;
Says American Attitude Is Being
Shaped by'the" Official -i of tho^
• Foreign Office in
»-' ' • j . London, y' ~ •
•v:• ;r ;- ' V ¦. ¦ ,*• ' C r.- r
NEW YORK, -March '4.— ln a speech at
the one hundred and twenty-second anni
versary of the birth of Robert Emmet,
which ©vent" was celebrated to-night at
ih^, Academy, of Music by the combined
OJan-na-Gael organizations of the city,
XV. fßourke Cockran bitterly denounced
the attitude of the administration at
Washington toward England in her af
fairs In South Africa. Ha said in part:
j England sreks to .some extent to Justify this
war by our example— the example set by this
'Government, not by' the people. Now, it Is
'said again, thmt the peoyl* of this country must
remain neutraj. That Is as it should tw». But I
deny that this country haa been neutral. There
was. long, befoite this war in South Africa be
gan, a question . between . England and the
United States regarding the Alaskan boundary.
There was a claim- pending. I don't say that
the moment this, war began In South Africa
we should have made a claim against England,
but I do say that the advancement of a claim
, should not have been delayed' one moment.
I W« ceased |at tbat '¦ time to be neutral, j If
the United States administration had gone on
enforcing . that claim this war would • never
have been begun. The'Canadlan troops would
have had abundant business at home. ! ¦-¦.'.
In his. speech last night, "President McKlnley
Raid there was no alliance with England. I
believe that. It Is not an alliance. It's a
surrender; a_ surrender -of the control of * our
foreign policy into the hands of the Foreign
Office. We don't get anything; We give up
and' the Government discharges* a Consul at
Pretoria because he complained tmat his mall
had been ! opened. A boy. 24 years'- old is* put
in. his place — the son of our former Bmbasaa
dor;-and,'.more than that; he gets his last In
structions, not from the Government at Wash
ington, but 1 rotn . the Foreign Office -in Lon
don. , . ; •
Mr. Cockraji closed with an arraignment
of England's methods of so-called civiliz
ing Influence. .. ..... ¦ ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,, MARCOS, 1900.
FLAMES CARRY
DEATH TO SIX
SLEEPING MEN
Roomers iPerislr in a Burn
ing Lodging-House, in
i - - -r- New York.
Bowery Denizens Suffocated in, Their
Harrow Quarters Before They'
j Can B» Reached by
? ; Rescuers. - :
... - '* . <' .
'NEW- YORK.. March' 4.-Slx persons
were burned to dercth and three were in
jured early this morning in a flre "which
occurred In a seven-story, lodging-house
at 44 and 48 Bowery. The dead are:
CHARLES BUTTIE; 40 yearij old.
JOHN CLARK, 50 years old.
EDWARD DOYLE, 35 years old.
HENRY OACKSON (colored). 23 years
old. . ' .
* -STEPHEN' CARNEY, died at • the hos-
pital.
: Martin" Gallagher,' 53 years old, was
burned about the face* and hands. He was
removed to the', hospital. Edward 'Walker
47-yeara old. was burned, but after hav
ing his wound' dressed at '.he
lodpingr-house.
¦ The flre was first discovered shortly
after 2 o'clock. Smoke was pouring from
the windows of the fifth floor and the
flames were making- rapid progress.
The -lodging- house "was cut up into 132
rooms, and .ninety of these small places
were occupied when the fire broke out.
Policemen sent in an alarm and burst 'rto
the place to arouse the inmates. They no
tified the niglit clerk, who immediately
rang the alarms all' over the house The
hallways were instantly filled with a
crowd of excited people: The policemen
forced their way, to the upper floors in an
effort to rescue some of the "helpless or
any one .who mtoht be overcome with
smoke. They carried out Thomas Harper,
a one-legged man,, and Ed Walker, who
had been burned and partially 'overcome
by the smoke. ' \
Stfphen Carney w^s found lying on the
floor in his room. Th* flames had already
•burned the old macros face,- hands anil
body, but a policeman picked him up and
carried him out of the building. The fire
men, succeeded in putting out the flames
without great loss, to the building.. After
the flre was out they began a search. The
bodies of five of the victims were found
on the fifth, floor, where. the fire did the
most damage. Buttle was suffocattd In
his bed. John Clark was .found on the
floor of his room dead, as was also Ed
ward Doyle. The colored man was found
dead at a window, and tne • unidentified
maij had been overcome just as he was
dragging himself from the window to the
flre escape. All the bodies were taken to
the Morgue.
The damage to the building will amount
to about $2000. The place was conducted
by Dominion Maniolo and was a cheap
Bowery lodging-house."
ItOSMOS UNESSfgi
' ¦• — S-KRATIS -«OCO Tods
.jllen'hlY sallins for Valparaiso and ITamSurci -
. S. 8 HATHO3 SAIL 3 IBOUT MARCH IV.
i. D. SPRrrii HI * * Rlttbw tjlu A ;»•«•. 1 1 1 Hmlxoam SI.
COMPABSIE GESSKALE T^iNSATIuiirnSUS- '
DIRECT LINE to ; HAVRE-PAKI9.- J*w~*» .
Sallins every Thur»day Instaad of «3jvf*>
Saturday, from .Vovembwt, l.S3s>. at xrr V.
10 a. w.. from Pier it. . Xorth Ktver. foat
Morton - St.: .L.\ BRETAGNE. March. II;
L'AQUXTAIXE.' March lir UK CHAMPAGNE.
March 22: UA TOURAIXE. March ». ¦¦¦ First
class to Havr*. iCd and upward: l.p«r c«»nt *c-<
auction .on round trip. Sacond class to Havre.
J«: 5 per cent . reduction on rnund trip. GEN'-
EIIAL AGENCY FOR UNITET* STATES AXp
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldlnK).
Xew-York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.,' P^eiflo Coast
A«rents.-5 Montsomery ave-.'San Francisco. '.'
2during the evening ceremonies, and C. D.
South will be the poet of the occasion.
The programme will be unusually inter
esting and will be rendered by a gre.'U
number of well-knor.-n entertainers. Miss
Sannie Kruger, niece of Oom Paul Kru
ger. will sing. There will be. a dance by
O'Connor and Keileher, Eeveral selections
by the Ideal Male Quartet, a tenor solo
by Hugh N. Callender and several bag
pipe pieces by Timothy McCarthy. Mre.
Ellen Corson-Eckcl and a special quartet
with a cjiorus of school children will ren
der some vocal selections. There will be
a fancy dance by Miss Pearl Hiekman and
vocal solos by Miss Daisy Kcane and
Lmlllta O'Brien.
The convention will meet again nex>
Sunday. -
ANCIENT IRISH MELODY
AT EMMET CELEBRATION
Programme Almost Completed for
Festivities to Be Held
March 13.
Arrangements for the celebration of the
birthday of Robert Emmet are progress
ing satisfactorily, and several interesting
features are being arranged for the occa
sion. The committee In charge met yes
terday, J. J. Connlff presiding and T. J.
Mclott actlns as secretary. The celebra
tion will be held at Metropolitan Temple
March 13. Rev. Peter C. Yorke will de
liver the oration. A hundred or more of
the prominent citizens of the city will bo
invited to act as vice presidents and oc
cupy seats on the platform.
Delegations from the Robert Emmet
Club of Saii Jose, the Robert Emmet Club
of Sacramento and the Wolfe Tones of
Oakland will participate in the eeremo'
nies. The League of the Cross Cadets will
act as ushers. A musical programme Is
being arranged which will be rendered by
some of the best vocal talent in the city,
which has already been engaged for the
occasion.
A distinctive feature of the programme
will be that most of the music will b«
Jrish melodies composed over a. thousand
years ago. the key to which was recently
discovered by Father Gaylor of Dublin.
This will be the first time that they will
be heard in public in this- part of the
country. >
<: Tickets for the celebration can be se
cured at Deasy Brothers, 20 Sixth street.
The committee urges that holders of ad
mission tickets exchange them for re
served seats as soon as possible.
(After the Great Paintlnp, "The Pursuit of Fortune.")
THE TEOPLE OF SAN FRANCISCO ARE FACING A SERIOUS CRISIS. THE LOCAL AND EASTERN GAMBLERS WHO FOLLOW^THE E\IL FORTUNES OF THE RACE COLRSE ARE
ASKING THAT THEY BE GIVEN A MONOPOLY OF RACE TRACK GAMBLING IN EXCHANGE FOR 51000 A YEAR, I^^^^^^ l^^^^
THAT ALL POOL ROOMS BE CLOSED AND THAT THEY BE LICENSED TO PREY UPON THE CITY. THEY ASK THAT THE SLPBRV ISORS GI .t THEM FREE REIN^ TO REOPEN
AND OPERATE THE RACE COURSE ABSOLUTELY WITHOUT HINDRANCE OR REGULATION. FOR THIS PRIVILEGE. WHICH MEANS_NE\V CRIME, NE\V SORRO\\. DISTRESS. DIS
HONOR AND MISERY FOR TIIE PEOPLE OF THIS CITY, THEY AGREE TO PAY INTO THE CITY TREASURY $100 FOR EVERY DAY.THEY PREJ _L PON /THE PEOPLL. • ,„._-_
IT IS ESTIMATED THAT..THE INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, DURING ITS EXISTENCE. COST THE. PEOPLE OF SAN FRANCISCO NEARLY J3OW A DA\ 15E.F ORE THE GAMBLERS
ACCEPTED A BET. THE BOOKMAKERS WERE FORCED TO EARN AT LEAST Sim A DAY BEFORE THEIR PROFIT BEOAN.: THE PUBLIC_ PAID THIS ENORMOIS TARIFF IOR JiflZ,
PRIVILEGE OF GAMBLING, AND THE RFX'ORDS OF THE COURTS AND THE MORGUE TELL THE REST OF THE STORY. THE EVIVGREWJOSLCH GIGANTIC PROPORTIONS THAT
THE PLOPLE OF THIS CITY, BECAME AROUSED AND INSISTED UPON ITS SUPPRESSION." THE NEWSPAPERS TOLD DAILY THE' STOR\ OF D ISGR.U.-E. SLIC IDE AND CAPITAL
CRIME WILL THE SUPERVISORS OF SAN FRANCISCO FORCE UPON 'THE PEOPLE A REPETITION OF THE OUTRAGE? THE VOTE TAKEN THIS AITLKNOO.n WILL. lit. lUf^ AJNbW^u.
temptation and crime, all under the guise
of legitimate racing. Dr.' Ford said:
"I. am' very much opposed to our clty
entering into partnership with any kind
of crime. There is no question that the
Ingleside' racetrack and the poolrooms
are great evils, and when this city at
tempts to make revenue out of the crime
breeding spots it is particeps criminls.
When the old Board of Supervisors closed
the track its action met with the appro
bation of the . entire city, and the new
board will fly in the race of the better
element of this city if it nullifies the work
of Its predecessors.
"The fact that certain men have In
vested capital in this vice-breeding evil
does not enter into a consideration of the
matter. It Is a question of whether it is
right or wrong, or whether it is for the
best interests of this city to reopen the
racetrack. Ingleside has ruined more
young men than all the poolrooms of this
city combined.
."To open one and close the other is not
remedying the gambling evil. Both should
be closed and temptation kept out of our
midst. I am very much In sympathy
with any paper or public organ that will
oppose such evils.".
COMMUNITY IS
ENDANGERED BY
THE RACETRACK
IN a prelude to his sermon last evening
Rev. H. T. Shepard, pastor, of Olivet
Congregational Church, spoke strongly
against the reopening of Ingleside
racetrack. His attack on the "hydra-
gaged in, he denounced the racetrack and
the poolrooms. He 'points out the danger
to our. growing: youth, and adds hla ap
peal to the members of the Board of Su
pervisors to keep closed the' infamous si.ot
that has brought ruin to hundreds of both
sexes. Dr. Stephens is unalterably op
posed to the reopening of Ingleside, arid
when he speak 3 against the evil he voices
the opinion of his whole congregation,
which is composed of the most Influential
citizens of this city. He said:
"When the late Board of Supervisor*
voted almost unanimously to . close the
racetrack and the Mayor at once attached
his signature to the ordinance the moral
element of the population most hearttiy
approved. Nothing has since occurred to
reverse the Judgment of those who think
the public morality should be the first
consideration of our municipal ¦ authoi-J
tles. Horseracing is conducted now just
as it was then, and all its evils still re
main. The racetrack people depend upon
the profits of gambling to keep the- s:>
called sport alive, and any institution tbat
can only exist on the proceeds of ' vice
ought never to be legitimized, and will not
be with the consent of people that have
a sense of Christian morality. The clos
ing of the poolrooms should be effected
without reference to the racetrack. There
is no superfluous merit in this to justify
the contemplated evil. To permit either
one is to compromise with the devil.
"San Francisco has nothing to do with
Tanforan or the Oakland track. San M:j
teo County and the people across the bay
are responsible for them. If they wish to
incur the guilt of condoning such an cf
fense we ought as a city to be self-re
specting enough to refuse to follow their
bad example. One 'can hardly see what
multiplied? This question was decide! nn»
year ago. and that decision has justified
itself before the public. Who are th.">s"
who demand a reversal of this decision?
Are they parents anxious for their boy.--;
teachers and guardians of public mornls;
business men engaged in honest traffic?
Do these classes unite in the prayer that
poolrooms should be licensed and gam
bling legalized?
"Our honored Mayor has done and said
much for which our city gives him praise.
The people will not soon forget those
words in one of his messages: . "Pubilc
gambling is a great evil, leading to pov
erty, disgrace, degradation and death,
which the rocords of this city abundantly
prove, and its practice should be discoun
tenanced and suppressed.' Under our new
city charter the people have been prom
ised and they expect honest, decent gov
ernment. Surely our Supervisors will not
trample tho message of the Mayor jr;der
foot, disregard the wishes of the people,
reverse the action of their predecessors
and commence the boastful reforms of ad
ministration by legalizing public gam
bling." £,
TOO MANY LIVES
ARE RUINED BY
CORRUPT EVILS
REV. JOHN STEPHENS, pastor of
Simpson Memorial Episcopal Church,
does not mince words in diicugs'.ns;
the racetrack evil, that should bo
and must be. suppressed. Like every other
member of the sacred calling he is on-
i ; . . . :¦•¦:. -
i ring address to his congregation on tho
subject last night, and at the clos=e of thu
services prominent members of his con
gregation congratulated him on the str.n-1
he has taken. The sermon was a preludo
to his regular Sunday evening address,
and the subject of the discussion was:
"Shall Public Gambling be Legalized?" He
said in part:
"Let the good people of San Francisco
take notice that to-morrow the Super
visors of our city will probably decide
whether public gambling shall be :«;Bai
ized. They are to face the question,
'Shall the speeding of horses be so con
ducted that respectable people may htrve
part in and patronize it, or shall such
events be under the control of profession
al gamblers with all debauching associa
tions? ..-.•
"It is claimed that the owners of the
racetrack have made large investment 1 ? in
it, and that without the gains of pool
selling these investments will be unproiit
able. But Is it the duty of our city to
guarantee profits on all investments? This
is not done for those who are engaged i.i
legitimate business. Shall it be done for
i those who take the earnings of others
' without giving an equivalent, who corrupt
the morals of society, ruin the lives of our
young men and gather to our city a hor.ie
i of professional criminals?
"Which Is the greater evil, that a ri?b
association which in the past has made,
fabulous profits should make less in the
future by doing a legitimate business, or
that our city should be made the gather
ing place of professional criminals and
gamblers, public morality, be debauched,
homes destroyed, families broken up. our
boys and young men be unlitted for busi
ness, trained in a school of dishonesty,
and the number of criminals and suicides
headed monster" was a violent one and
vrill certainly have weight with the Su
pervisors when they consider the impor
tant question of reopening or forever clos
ing the nefarious resort. In speaking on
the subject Dr. Shepard tn part said:
"Surely there is no valid reason why tha
hydra-headed monster of Jngleslde should
be permitted to unroll his ungainly length
again 'within the confines of our fair
suburbs. It is inconceivable that an hon
est Board of Supervisors • would sanction
the opening of this track. Gambling in all
Its forms Is dishonest and the power for
evil of a great racecourse is alarmingly
increased by the proximity of a great city.
I am eternally opposed to this hell ot
fraud and destruction.
"I would as soon think of defending
theft, prostitution, suicide and murder as
of resuscitating this inquiry. I am heart
ily in favor of athletics and of moral
sports, but when extortion- and vice In h.
thousand forms have become Inseparable
parasites upon the body of stock breeding
and amusement every friend of our city
must say in the name of our day of rest
and of the peace and purity of our homes
that this leviathan of crime haa too few
redeeming qualities to live. I have too
much confidence in our Supervisors and
in our Mayor to believe that they will be
tray their trusts."
CONSIDERS THE
RACE TRACK A
FESTERING SORE
rj^HE congregation of tho Memorial
I Presbyterian Ohurch. which la located
on Eighteenth street, near Railroad
avenue. South San Francisco, has
been apprised by its pastor, the Rev. Her
bert X. Bevier. of the attempt beinsj mads
by unscrupulous men to reopen the Ingle
side racetrack. Dr. Bevier has raised his
voice in the past and denounced the cor
rupting influences of this city and ones
more he has spoken from his pulpit In n»
uncertain terms against the racetrack
and the poolroom evil 3. In an address de
livered yesterday on the subject he said
in part:
"So words can be too strong to express
the sense of outraged decency that arises
in every honest and pure mind over tha
proposal to permit by municipal sanction
another season ot racetrack gambling.
Ingleside was once a festering sore and
once was removed by legal surgery, and
now it Is proposed to relnoculate the city
suburbs with its poison virus. Let us
have none of it; lei the same enlivened
conscience that halted the polygamlst at
the door of our national Congress stop this
great evil from pouring into our city pre
cincts; let the public virtue arise. Gam
bling is an evil and only an evil, and
racing when It leagues itself with, crlm«
becomes partlceps crimfnls, and so equa'
ly guilty. Let our Board of Supervisors
hesitate before they open the flood gates
of iniquity which municipal righteousness
has once closed. Public office is a public
trust. He is false to that trust who fears
to forbid the bans when such unholy alli
ances are proposed as licensed iniquity;
and legalized crime.
"Gambling Is one of the worst of evils —
it is a sucking whirlpool of the most dan
gerous vices. It has wrecked thousands
of precious lives and starved the regis
tration rolls of scores of our best citizens.
It is right that the press should take up
the battle. It is true and loyal so. to do;
it is untrue and disloyal not so to do.
"All honor to The Call for its fine fight.
The ministry la back of and will atand
with it to the end."
EVIL INFLUENCES
OF RACETRACK
LEAD TO RUIN
THE Los Angeles Record, referrins
editorially to the racetrack evil,
*ays: *:•¦;
The temptations of th« racetrack hay»
driven two mor» victims to ruin. The Saa
F*ranclsco Emporium, one of the largest general
stores In the State, has discovered, when It Is
too late, that absolutely no confidence la to
be placed In employes that patronizs- the race
courses.
The criminal records o* San Francisco durlns
the last five years show that hundreds of hon
est young fellows have taken the first step on
the road to ruin at the track. Confidential
clerks have embezzled money, trusted city of
ficials have robbed the city, wives and families
have starved while the head of the family
ruined himself both In body and mind at the
races, in more than one 'case It has beta
strongly suspected that the evil Influence* of
the racetrack have led to- murder. For years
It has been an axiom In San Francisco news
paper offices that every great crime committed
within a certain radius of the city had what
Is known as a "racetrack end." The situation,
became so critical that the beads of business
houxes paid regular salaries to private detec
tives to watch their employes. And yet the
racetrack was allowed to flourish and added
every week to Its list of victims. The races,
with their gambling adjuncts, seem to have a
marvelous power in dulling the moral sens*
of those who patronize them.
No community has a right to lead the weak
Into temptation, no government has a right to
wink at the existence of agencies for the pro
motion of crime. But the authorities in Saa
Francisco apparently wouH rather see tha
young men and often the young women of their
city ruined In body and soul than lift their
fingers against the powerful Interests that con
trol the money-yielding racetracks. If It had
not been for the racetrack. • the Emporium em
ployes would probably hxve lived honorable
lives and would have been Tespected by their
fellow men. Now, hunted by the law and
haunted by the fear of & prison cell, they rush
from place to place, feellnr; that their hands
are against every man and 1 every man* hands
against them.
APPLAUSE FOR
REAL MELODRAMA
THERE was another eruption of melo
drama'at. the California yesterday
afternoon. "In Darkest' Russia" is a :
mass of megaphone heroics, siren
sentiment and situations of. the "sample
copy"; kind that .are, usually capped .by
tho legend, "continued In our next.'.'
Nothing like' it has been seen Binee r the
palmy days of the blood-sponge drama
when it flourished on Mission street.
Defiant : virtue and discomfited villainy
abound and arouse the hysterical, sympa T
thies of the sentimental enthusiast to
deeds "of handy work and floor thumping
that surpass in' sustention and fervor any
display of approval that, l can recall.'
Judged from the applause, Vln Darkest
Russia" is a. success. The multitude of
trite s sentiments and bits of- bait .in.-the
form of soul-claiming climaxes gave the
audience, which responded clamorously to
each and all, a severe- afternoon's exer-"
else. -The muscular energy expended in
consistently applauding a four-act melor
drama should offer a field of research for
statisticians of physical force.
But agaln-.I say, in view. or in hearing
of the applause, "In ; Darkest Russia" ;is
a success. It was so voted by acclama
tion yesterday afternoon. The villains
(there arc several) were. behissed and the
heroes and heroines (there are several of
these also) were cheered wildly. (Line after
line . brought > a . gust of gallery gladness
and plaudits in the pit were plentiful.
The play, : in spite •: of its n combustible
qualities. Is dank and sodden and • the
company of a kind that without conspic
uous ability in their present assignments
would be impossible in any other line — on
the stage. • ¦ - -
¦ Miss Katherine Willard acts as -if she
might have had some talent that has
been ruined by- melodramatic maltreat
ment, but the others may not be similarly
suspected. Harry Byers is a bandy-arm
ed American of the kind that brings us
Into disrepute .among -foreigners, and- he
exaggerated the pernicious caricature to
the uttermost -limit of bad ? taste and ill
breeding. PORTER GARNETT.
. "The Old Homestead" , will - finish the
week at the- Columbia. "Because He
Loved Her So," by. William. Gillette/ will
. follow. The company comprises J. E.
Dodson, Annie Irish. Francis. Carlisle, and
other r well-known players. '-
To-night the Alcazar company wilt pro
duce-for the" first time in San Francisco
"Never Again," : said by those who saw
it "during' its successful run in the ' East
to be. the funniest French farce of them
all; ; " , ¦.&%%
The Grand Opera-house will. produce to
night Rice's musical version of "The Girl
From Paris." •-¦•¦: .
"The Idol's Eye" is in its eighth week
at. the Tivoli. with, no- sign of an abate
ment'of its success. , ; :¦: ¦ .
There are many new comers at the Or
pheum this week. Their names are: -The
Smediey Sketch Club, a company, of chil
dren in" "The Little Mother?; Anna Whit
ney,.' monologist; SI ;Hassen Ben All's
Moorish troupe of Arabian athletes; Mar
tinetti. and Grossi. . musical artists, and
Newhouse and Ward, " bicycle, comedians.
At'theOlympla, Ouhana makes a first
appearance. : The rest or the . bill is as
good as usual. ' • ¦-¦¦-¦•¦¦¦-
•Norris- & : Rowes- trained animals show
at the Pavilion afternoon and* evening.
The, performing animals .-number 'three
hundred." ' . . . ¦ .
The rlrst of the series ¦ of ' Wagnerian
concerts in which • Mmc. -•¦ Gadski and Mr.
Blspham are to appear will take place at
the ¦ California 'Theater :; to-morrow < after
noon, at 2:15 o'clock. The selections are
on this occasion from "Tannhauser," Herr
Anton Schott assisting in -the tenor parts.
On Thursday afternoon "The Flyinsr
Dutchman" .will- be -the- theme, . ana "on
Friday afternoon . "The . Meistersinger."
There .will' also -be ¦ three > concerts next
week on th 3 ; evenings of March ; 12, 13
and- 14.'-- ; ¦'-' i ' > -¦'.'":
The explanatory. recitals; with. piano by
Walter Dcmrcsch' take place at 11 o'clock
in the morrtng at Sherman, Clay. &-Co.'s
Hall.': The dates and subjects? are < as fol
lows: Wednesday. March 7, "Die Wei
kure"; 'Saturday. March- 10/ '"Siegfried";
Monday, M«irch J2, "Goetterdammerunff"':
Wednesday,^ March ; 14, "Pareival," and
Saturday, March. 17. "Tristan and Isolde."
Seats at Shtrman, Clay & Co.'a to-day.
TO HONOR THE
NAME OF ERIN'S
PATRON SAINT
Arrangements About Com
pleted for St. Patrick's
Day Celebration.
The St. Patrick's day convention ract
yesterday afternoon to perfect the pro
gramme for the celebration in honor of
Ireland's patron saint. Colonel J. H. Bar
ry presided. • He called attention to ths
death of General P. F. Walsh, a prom
inent Irish-American citizen, who ba<t
taken a deep interest Jn the celebrutlno.
The following resolutions of respect, pre
pared by R. C O'Connor, were unani
mously adopted:
¦Wherea*, It has plrared Almichty God lo
cj.ll to his eternal rev.anl th» late <J<--neral I*.
F Walsh and. whereas. Central Walish w«n
an Irishman who loved l.is naitie land with a
t»n<J»r and passionate devotion, fondly «-h»r
'.Fhins her Dicmory and jtivins to lif-r <«us* the
n-F-ncth of bin manhood yearn and tiie »plen
did talents with tvhlrh he was *•> een»r<ni*ly
? •jdowed- anJ, orbereas. he al»o proved hln
loyalty to hi* native Uu.l and liin love of lib
erty Jor h!i fellow man by l»i«. services rfarln*;
tb« civil war, which received ivell in^ritM
recognition by tSii* Ooverninent; therefore, be
U Resolved, r.y thi*. the St. Patrick's day con
vention that In the death of General \\al»h
h's native land lews a true and devoted «son.
«'n able and eloquent advocate, lili fellow
countrymen of thus cjty and State lose a rep
r^«entative who reflected honor upon himself
Md upon hi- PeoP'e. •«* li " l:n " r ? Ult "'
the land of liis adoption, loses a citizen who
l-u jealous of her liber'.y. faithful and loyal
to her constitution: and te It further
Resolved That these resolution* be epread
upon the minutes of the meetlns of this con
vention, and that a oopy t hereof be sent to
the bereaved family of oar deceased friend.
The convention decided that the celebra
tion should be held at Woodward s Pa
vilion and continue through the afternoon
«nd evening of St. Patrick's day. March
X 7 T M Hickey will deliver the oration
Bncigalupl dressed their wounds and sent
them home. . ¦-„
John O'Neill, who gave his address as
the New Western Hotel, had a narrow es
cape from drowning early yesterday morn-
Ing. John had been Imbibing, water front
whisky pretty freely and wandered, down
Union street wharf, thinking he was go
ing home.- His plunge into the bay sobered
him somewhat and he managed to grasp
a pile. He says he supported himself in
that way for nearly two hours, and then
"Billy" Gately heard his cries and pulled
him out with a rope. O'Neill -was -taken
to the Harbor Hospital, whare Dr. Baci
galupl pumped him out,' and %fter he had
recovered somewhat sent him home..
The Chinese who was scalded by the
blowing out of a boiler tube on the Han
cock's launch last Saturday was sentback
aboard the transport yesterday. I His
wounds are all superficial and he. will-be
about again in a couple of days. . ¦ .•. • .¦. ¦ •¦
ONE OF ITALY'S
CRUISERS DUE
HERE SHORTLY
Now on Her Way Up the
Coast-From Panama and
"Will Stay a Month.
The Italian cruiser Calabria is expected
here in a few days. She was at Panama
on February 7 and was to sail for San
Francisco two days later. She . will ¦ re
main here about a month and will then
start south again for Buenos Ayres. Tho
Calabria is in command of Signor Alberto
Cantelll and carries a crew of twelve of
ficers and 245 men. . Her displacement is
2407 tons and her length is 250 feet. Her
coal capacity is 550 .tons and her horse
power 4000. She is armed' with two tor
pedo tubes, four .152 mm. and six .122 mm.
guns, besides a modern secondary bat
tery. ;
The bark J. ,D. Peters arrived from
Santa Rosalia yesterday after a smart
passage of twenty-eight* days. The cap
tain reports leaving in port at Santa Ko
salia -the ships Isle of Arrah, Thornlie
bank and Barfillan.barkentlne Northwest
and schooner J. B. Leeds.
Among the arrivals yesterday were the
Norwegian steamer ' Leander and the
British steamer Strathgyle. The Leander
comes from Kutchlnotzu, Japan, with a
load of coal. After discharging she will
take on a cargo for Vladivostok, Siberia.'
The Strathgyle Is one : of - the Santa Fe
Btcamers, and comes here from Hongkong
via Yokohama. Honolulu and San Diego.
She has not a great ideal -of .merchandise
for San Francisco, but she will go away
with all she can carry from this port. ¦ ¦¦:
Two of the men who were engaged in
.whitewashes the Interior of the transport
Slam were badly burned with lime yester
day. Dan McNeil and William- J. Burns
were taken to the Harbor Hospital .with
•avers burns about tho face and eyes. Dr.
INGLESIDE'S CHEAP BRIBE TO DISHONOR THE CITY.
benefit the people will receive from the
reopening of Ingleside. ' L , .
"If wo cannot utterly abolish this abom
ination let us remove the fascinating evil
as far from our youth as possible. Too
many lives have been ruined, too many
reputations destroyed, too many homes
wrecked and hearts broken during the
continuance of this vice to justify the peo
ple of San Francisco in looking upon tha
present proposition with any favor what
ever. It ought to arouse most strenuous
opposition and burning indignation."
CITY FATHERS
ARE WARNED BY
REV. F. S. FORD
REV. F. S. FORD of the First Chris
tian Church strongly believes that
• no better way of cleansing the city
of evils and temptations is to be
found than in closing the poolrooms and
preventing the reopening of the Ingleside
racecourse. ' He warns the newly elected
Board of Supervisors that by reopening
the track they will fly in the £ace of the
better element of the city; that the citi
zens approved of the action of the old
board when It passed resolutions closing
that den of vice, and if the city fathers
do not wish to place a blot on » their es
cutcheons at the very outset of their'ca
reers they, must down the measure which
will be Introduced for the purpose of en
riching the treasury with a revenue of
$4000 for forty- days of heart-breaking.
DECENCY BACKED BY PUBLIC OPINION
WILL WIN TO-DAY AGAINST INGLESIDE
THE .SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1900.
THE Supervisors will decide to-day
whether or not San Francisco is
to be given over to the gamblers
of Ingleside. The issue is of
vital importance to the people of the
city. Realizing the danger and eager
that nothing shall be left undone to pre
vent the consummation of the outrage,
some of the most prominent of local
ministers entered their pulpits to pr<x est
spin yesterday against the scheme of
the racecourse sharpers. These clergy
men knew well the vast injury which
has been worked in San Francisco by
this evil, and they called upon their con
gregations to exercise every endeavor
of persuasion and entreaty upon the
Supervisors not to permit the reopening
of the track and a revival of its crimes.
The Call is in a position to announce
that the battle for decency is almost
won. It knows that there are enough
men in the Board of Supervisors with
sufficient respect for morality to vote
down the proposition to flood the city
with crime through the open gates of
Ingleside. Notwithstanding this assur
ance, the people should not relinquish
their efforts to down this menace once
and for all. Let them appear to-day
before the Supervisors, protesting by
voice and presence against the consum
mation of an infamy. They will carry
the day beyond peradventure.
DR. MACKENZIE
DELIVERS SOME
SOUND ADVICE
NO minister in San Francisco has a
wider knowledge of the dangers
that beset the coming generation
than the Rev. Robert Mackenzie.
D.D.. pastor of the First Presbyterian
Church. For the past two score years he
has preached to thousands, and during his
long career in this city he has watched
Us growth and tainted out the dangers
that besot its path. His advice has often
been heeded in the past and will surely
be heeded at this time, when another
great evil is pending.
In his sermon last night Dr. Mackenzie
made allusion to the racetrack and pool
rooms of this city, and when he said
"election to public office does not neces
eartly commit men to the baser side of
lif© or remove them from the require
ments of the moral law," his congrega
tion knew that he was alluding to the
Board of Supervisors, in whose keeping
the welfare of the municipality had been
given by the citizens of San Francisco. In
part he said:
"That our children come into the world
with pure minds may be admitted; that
The influences of the home aim to main
tain that purity of mind is also admitted:
that a hundred corrupting influences are
in the social atmosphere of our commun
ity, seeking to pervert and "rostitute that
purity to their own selfish ends Is not de
nied. Our community is not alone in this.
It but shares the perils incident to all
large cities.
"Our particular temptation is to he too
Indulgent toward these influences or too
Indifferent in protecting our youth from
power. We cannot prevent the birds from
flying over our heads, but we can prevent
them from building nests in our hair.
Th^re are hardened old victims whose
\rry fond this vice is. If the means of
vice were removed they would follow it.
But there are thousands of young hearts
yearly coming to our city, the hope, or de
spair of its future, who have not yet
learned the nrst evil lesson. As that gen
eration is to-day this city will be to-mor
row. The. intent and desire of this com
munity is. on the whole, on the moral side
of that army of youth. What illicit evils
prevail, exist in spite of this moral ele
ment. They exist in contempt of public
conscience, public morals and public opin
ion. If our governing bodies know their
constituency: if they have any regard
whatever for their opinions and wishes
they will at least prevent the increase of
opportunities for vice, even if they do not
lessen those now existing. It Is a simple
question of fair deal in respect to the
actual moral intent of otir people.
"Why should we not be as fairly dealt
by In politics as we are in all other
epneres of influence? Election to public
efflce does not necessarily commit men to
the baser side of life or remove them
from the requirements of moral law. We
surely can appeal to them as still the
fair-minded, honorable men they were be
fore election, and we do so appeal. We
sre Blow to think that the appeal of rea
fon la of. less effect than the agitation of
passion. The end aimed at will come one
way or the other."
WORST CLASS IS
DRAWN HERE BY
THE RACETRACK
REV. E. A. WOODS, pastor of the
First Baptist Church, followed up
his sermon of the preceding Sabbath
by spain denouncing the Inglesida
racetrack yesterday. Ho delivered a stir-
33 *+«l - s^lo 9
SSSKIS&rZI Now begins the fourth week o! the HM
£V**W®9 PMI sale of our blue serge suits for $io. \\ c MM
wJ*t*2Sw n&\im fi nd the suits sellin s faster each week: B
WMjUtiW/J'*m\Tta and for two reasons: The scree is so
jSajPHZ^flLjiH popular and ours at the price so irre- SH
ySmßrZffSrMwL sistible. SbRI
fSSrw (Jmr^m ßm ¦ ' .... 85SS
mHn l^finllrjli Tlie suits come ' m sin sles Ie and double jjjygl
BBBtfi%^B%gy/aB breasted styles and are made from our JBrnM
WyA^£r/iWSt unfadable blue serge— a cloth that h B
Sf JUrJAIIiSP durable and sightly. BW
a bi " e serge " the most dressy busi " sh
KiBwR%9R! There is sale' this week in our [BBS
wß9imXL*ji(XM children's department of Middy Suit?, Egg!
HH«sj=3i|tJHL'.i n ases 3to 8 years, for $1.45; we con- a*M
j^gpillfilHEJßßtfi sider the value $2.50. tjis|
Out-of-town r or Jers filled— write for cata- tf§sl
||||l S.N.WoodftCo^ I
3America has been assured that England will be
more careful in future in seizing American merchant
men. It would hardly be idle to presume that the as
surance is" prompted by anything more serious than
'a generous respect for s6me of our ships which are
The local Board of Health is crying out vainly for
more money. It is unfortunate that the board cannot
license some of its institutions to the uses of the
crooks who receive such favorable consideration from
certain of the city fathers.
If Supervisor Tobin has done nothing else to justify
his official existence he has at least given us a new
theory of municipal finance. He has taught us that
$100 a day is ample compensation to the city for the
The Clark-Daly feud of Montana has at least one
phase that is free from dispute. If Clark corruptly
used money to get into the United States Senate Daly
was equally free in the distribution of dishonest dol
lars to keep him out.
The Japanese <of San Jose who sold his wife to a
Chinese friend must have received his inspiration from
the effort of the Eastern gamblers who wish to buy
from San Francisco the exclusive privilege to de
bauch its citizens. ......
The employes of the Board of Supervisors who
have found that his Honor the Mayor is the dic
tator in whose hands rest their tenure of office m'mt
have some curious notions of that civij service clause
in the charter. ¦.•;•"<.• '^"7 : "
The Chinese, it is said, are violently opposed to the
introduction of railroads into their empire.' They, must
have been studying some of the economic conditions
of the Southern Pacific occupancy of California. :.;'
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wide-vestibuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe route. Experience.*
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of. passengers.
To Cricaeo and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday an<J
Friday. Ticket office. CS Market street. '•-
THE COMMERCIAL SITUATION.
TRADE conditions continue about as previously
reported. Last year's boom has finally disap
peared below the commercial horizon, and in
it. :-tead we have easy and halting markets through
cm, the country. The nation has woke up to the fact
that the enormous production of 1899 has finally
caught up with the consumption, and in some lines
is now running ahead of it. The public has also dis
covered that prices for many commodities are too
high, and buying has fallen off in consequence. In
f;.ct, as remarked last week, the rush is over.
This is reflected by the decrease in bank clearings,
which fell off 20 per cent last week, as compared
with the corresponding week in 1899. The same curi
ous condition still prevails in these clearings — i. c.,
that it is the largest ten cities which show the most
loss in the volume of business. The failures last week
were 222, against 188 last year, and were most numer
ous in the Middle and Northwestern States.
In spite of this unfavorable showing, however,
there are no signs of seriously hard times. The lull in
trade simply means that during the past year and a half
we turned out an enormous quantity of goods which
the public, flush of money, bought furiously until the
expected halt. This is that halt. There is no longer
sny scarcity in anything, and the closing down of
mills and factories here and there shows that we will
have to consume present supplies before turning out
more. This has a tendency to weaken prices, which
are lower in some lines, notably hides and leather,
boots and shoes, wool, some kinds of iron and. steel,
etc. The hide market shows especial depression, the
r.i.rket being oversupplied and very dull. Wheat
continues to disappoint everybody in the trade and
ie about the weakest and dullest commodity in the
commercial list, considering its importance. Nothing
seems to have any effect on the slow and sure decline,
which is general throughout the' world. The only
important staple to show any ~ strength is cotton,
which is having a little boom all by itself, much to
the benefit of the Southern States. .
The situation in Wall street is unsatisfactory. All
sorts of bait, from increased railroad earnings to Brit
ish successes in South Africa, have been held out to
tempt the public, but to no avail; the public can
not be induced to enter the market, so the profes
sionals have it all to themselves. The industrial
stocks were soft all the week, with evidences of un
loading by several long pools. The railroad stocks
showed as much strength as any securities, but even
they were listless. ¦ - .
The weather is beginning to cut some figure in
California. The southern half of the State continues
dry. and unless sufficient rain comes pretty soon there
will be a partial crop failure in that section. The
northern half of the State is all right and will con
tinue so with an occasional shower from now on.
There is a drought in Arizona, which is causing drafts
on this State for sundry lines of produce, and the
San Francisco markets for these goods are showing
rather more firmness in consequence. The early and
open spring lias thus far caused no damage to any
thing, and there have been no frosts to injure the
blossoming fruit. Farm work is well up to datc^ and
the crop outlook in the northern half of the State is
flattering. The merchandise markets are quieter than
for some time, but the outward movement of goods is
very fair, and but few complaints are heard among
the merchants.
A CENSUS TANGLE.
BY reason of the vast cost of the census of 1890,
the many inaccuracies it contained, and .the,
long time required to digest it and publish it,
a radical change will be niadc in taking the census
of this year. It will be simpler, and will not under
take to cover many of the points upon which efforts
v.ere made to obtain information in the former count.
It appears, however, that in the eagerness to reduce
the expense the process of simplification has been
carried too far. Thus it is reported that no provi
sion has been made for taking a separate census of
the Indian population, and as a consequence the Cen
sus Bureau has quite a perplexing little problem on
its hands.
It is evident there should be an enumeration of the
Indians, for they are a part of the population, but. if
they arc not to be treated and described in a sep
arate report, how is the enumeration to be made?
An Indian tribe is in many respects a distinct na
tionality. The members of it cannot be justly
counted as citizens of a State, and, moreover, the
reservations upon which they live are not legally parU
of the State or Territory which surrounds them.
To add to the difficulty of the question it is ex
pressly provided in the constitution that: "Repre
sentatives shall be apportioned among the several
States, according to their, respective numbers, count
ing the whole number of persons in each State, ex
cluding Indians not taxed." That fastens upon the
census officials the duty of enumerating Indians in
some fashion, whether it be done separately or not.
Out of that duty, moreover, comes the further
problem of determining what is meant by the phrase
"Indians untaxed." The Indian, like every other per
son in the United States, is subject to internal rev
enue duties, and to the various stamp duties. Are
such duties to be counted as taxes? If they are, can
the Indian who pays them be regarded as "untaxed"
within the meaning of the constitution?
A recent circular issued from the Census Office, in
discussing the question, says: "Whether or not a
stamp duty is a tax, and, if it is. whether it is a direct
tax, whether 'Indians not taxed' means Indians not
directly taxed, or whether it may not mean Indians
not taxable! are questions that must be decided by
the Census Office before it can form its plan for the
Indian enumeration. The last question has been a
subject of debate ever since Indian censuses have been
taken. In 1890 there were about 50,000 civilized In
dians living among the general population of the
United States. Such Indians are citizens of the
United States, but many of them "arc too poor to pay
taxes. Are they to be excluded from the population
according to which representation in Congress, is
apportioned? We count every Chinese and other
alien of whatever sort or condition. Before the war
we counted every negro slave as equivalent to three
fifths of a white man. It seems manifestly absurd to
believe that the framers of the constitution meant to
exclude a class of citizens who are also natives be
cause of their poverty. In other words, the framers
of the constitution must have said what they did not
mean. What they really meant was to exclude all
Indians belonging to a class riot subject to taxation."
It appears the officials have not yet decided the
question, but the problem, : fortunately, is more,
curious than important. In the end some way will
be found to enumerate the Indian population without
mixing them with the citizens of States or Terri
tories. This census, in fact, promises to be much bet
ter than any^ which has been taken, and will be free
from many of those troublesome features which were
so objectionable in that of-iBoo.
WAGNERIAN ARTISTS OF
FAME READY TO PERFORM
of the United States is Latin and means
"Many in one." It first appeared on coin
in New Jersey, in ITS 6. when copper coins
were issued by that State. It was first
suggested as the motto of the United
States by Benjamin Franklin. John Ad
ams and Thomas Jefferson August 10. 1778.
they having been appointed a committee
to choose a design for the great seal of
the United States.
NOT LEGAL— Subscriber, San Jose. Cal.
The law of this State says that no one
divorced in this State can marry again
within the State within a year from the
time the divorce was granted. To have
been married in this State within six
months after divorce the parties were
guilty of a crime in procuring the license
and the marriage is void.
MINERALS BY MAIL— H. H. H.. Snell
ing. Merced County. CaL Minerals done
up in parcels so that sharp edges shall
not .'damage other 'mail ' matter may be
sent to any foreign ¦. country within the
postal union. - and Italy is one 'of these.
Tire package musf not exceed "twelve
ounces in weight and the postage thereon
is 1 cent for each two ounces. The pack
age must be in such condition that it may
be ' examined by the postal authorities.
XO WAR TAX— A. C. City. No war
tax stamp is required on a marriage cer
tificate. At first it was thought that such
a stamp was requisite and it was at
tached, and the amount. 10 cents. paiJ
without a word of complaint by ihe
groom, but the Treasury Department at
Washington has ruled "that a marriage
certificate, to be returned to the officer of
a State, city and county, or town, consti
tutes a part of a public record, and docs
not require a stamp."
V.The actress who was arrested in New York a few
days ago for an offense against public morals seems
to think that her career of histrionic success began in
, the Tombs. f -"' ' ' '.'--. V
Another cable car collision has decorated the his
tory of the Market-street Railway Company. The
corporation ought to protect its patrons with an acci
dent policy given gratis with every ride.
Bryan's desire that the Democratic convention be
called early has been beaten by Gorman, but Bryan
will be there when it meets, and then Gorman will
have to take a back seat
It is now evident that if the British jingoes are to
toast Roberts only -when he wins victories, it will bfe
a long time between drinks^"; .-'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PNEUMONIA
leaves the lungs weak and
opens the door for the germs
of Consumption. Don't
wait until they get in, and
you begin to cough. Close
the door at once by healing
the inflammation.
SccAli&mufeiCTL
makes the lungs germ-
proof; it heals the inflam-
mation and closes the doors.
It builds up and strengthens
the entire system with
wonderful rapidity.
SCOTT & BOWNF, Chem_u,N.wYork.
The borough of Hopewell. Perm., hasn't
enough men to till all the offices", and it
wants to have its charter annulled.
The Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinent.
The California Limited. Santa Fe route.
Connecting trains leave at 5 p. m. Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any line to
the East. Ticket office. KS Market street.
Incredible but True.
Passengers on the Union Pacific "Overland
Limited" can leave San Francisco fourteen
hours later and arrive in Chicago nearly flva
hours earlier than by anr. other through car
line. D. W. Hitchcock. Gen. Agt., 1 Montgom-
ery «t.. S. F. ft '}-•'¦
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething- with
perfect success. It soothes the child, .softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu-
lates tfce Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoea!", whether arising from teething or*
other causes. For sale by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothlnr Syrup. 23c a bottle.
About one-seventh of the registered
cases of illness in Russia last year were
due to infections (i. c., preventable} dis-
eases. ___________________
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> atTownsend's.*
Special information supplied dally t^>
business" houses" and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
British naval experts claim that vessels
built in France, Germany and Russia ex
ceed the cost of vessels of similar type
built in Great Britain by 20, 30 and 40 per
cent, a condition of affairs which seriously
handicaps those three countries in catch
ing up with the British naval strength.
The Russian battleship Slnoyse of the
Black Sea fleet is to be reboilered and re
ceive Belleville boilers. The vessel whs
launched in 1887 and has performed little
or no service during her ten years on the
active list, and the record of boiler en
durance is probably the lowest In any
navy. ' ; _____
The First Lord of the Admiralty recent
ly offered a brief explanation in Parlia
ment of the causes which have led to the
practical failure of the Queen's yacht. Mr.
Goshen explained that the weights had
been underestimated and that Sir William
White, director of naval construction, ad
mitted that mistakes had been made, for
which he (White) was' at present unable ti
account.
The German nation is evidently .begin
ning to take a lively interest in naval af
fairs. The German Navy League had on
January 15 last a membership of 101,546,
of which 9590 had joined since December
25, 1899. Affiliated with the league are a
large number, of naval clubs with a mem
bership of 152,976, making a grand total of
254.522 directly or indirectly members of
the league. '
The Shikishima fired her twelve -inch
turret guns with Intervals of forty-five
seconds between rounds. The shell welj;hj
850 pounds and the explosive charge is
cordite weighing 145 pounds, giving a muz
zle velocity of 2300 feet per second. The
gun crew was untrained, and with a l'ttle
practice two shots per minute is antici
pated, the best record hitherto being six
rounds in 1 minute and 47 seconds, on
board H. M. S. Illustrious.
A remarkably speedy steam launch lias
recently been "built in England. The beat
is built of cedar, thirty feet in length, six
feet beam and three feet draught, and
weighs complete with steam up only 423'J
pounds. The boiler is a modified Thorrey
croft, a«id the machinery weight is only
twenty-eight rounds per horsepower.
With 300 pounds of steam and the screw
making 1100 revolutions the boat made an
average speed of 14.75 knots.
The Koeningin Regentes, armored coast
defense ship, building at Amsterdam for
the Dutch navy, is an enlargement and
improvement of the Evertsen type. belnß
5000 tons displacement, against 3400 tons
for the Evertson. The. vessel Is 312 feet in
length, '4B feet- beam and 18 feet draught,
and with 5300 horsepower is expected t ?
steam sixteen kpots. The armor belt is of
Harveyized nickel steel six inches ?hick,
the two barbettes are ten inches j and the
protection deck two inches. The arma
ment consists ,of two 9.4-lnch 45 caliber,
four 6-inch 43 caliber, eight 3-lnch guns
and two one-pounders. * The normal coal
supply is 680 tons. Yarrow boilers are
solely used, in the Koeningin Regente*.
and this type of boilers has been adopted
entirely, for the navy of Holland.
The^ scarcity of sailors is felt in all'r.a
vles, and even the great steamship lines
are inconvenienced. Hitherto the Scandi
navian countries and German provinces on
the Baltic have supplied the deficiencies
of other countries," but the increase of for
eign trade of those countries has; given
employment to ; all native seafaring men.
Great < Britain ¦¦ Is • steadily increasing \ its
navy personnel,* and France,- Germany md
Russia! will j double the number |of sailors
for their navies within the next ten years,
and at a consequence . "Jack" will . bo in
great demand, and his pay and other* con-
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
RED SPOTS— J. R. C, City. Red spots
on the face, left by pimples, will disap
pear of themselves if let alone.
THE HAIR— L. L., City. The use of
soda for washing the hair will have a
tendency to make it hard and lusteTless.
STRAW HATS^-L. L.. City. Straw hats
are usually cleaned by washing with soap
and water and then with a solution of ox
alic acid. After that, when dry, they are
bleached by the sulphur process.
CONDEMNATION SALE— S.. City. For
information In regard to the sale of
United States condemned property appli
cation should be made to the department
in which the sale is to take place.
PROPERTY BY WILL— A. O. S., City.
A man in the State of California may dis
pose of his property by will in any way
that he desires, and he is not required to
name any particular relative or any rela
tive whatever.
TO REMOVE A MAYOR— Pro Bono
Publlco, City. A Mayor, under the new
charter in San Francisco, could be re
moved by an action in the Superior Court
if it could be proven that he was derelict,
corrupt or incompetent to perform tne
duties of the office.
EDMUNDS OF VERMONT— M.. Beni
cia, Cal. At the Republican Convention
in Chicago in ISSO George Franklin Ed
munds of Vermont received 34 votes after
being nominated for the office of Presi
dent of the United States. At the con
vention of ISM he received 94 votes.
LIQUORS TO MINORS-A. O. S. There
is a State law which prohibits the selling
of liciuors to minors under sixteen years
of age to be drunk at the place where
sold. There is an ordinance of this city
which prohibits minors under the age of
eighteen from being in places where
billiards are played or to look on at games
of cards. There is no law that prohibits
the sale of cigars and tobacco to minors.
SCRATCHING POSTS— W. F. O'D.,
City, i There never was In Scotland a post
designated as "scratching post." The
Duke of Argyle at one time had a number
of tall mile posts erected, and a country
man once wishing to dislodge a flea that
had settled between his shoulders, rubbed
against one of the posts, and exclaimed:
"God bless the Duke of Arglye for putting
up scratching posts," and from that arose
the statement that there were scratching
posts In* Scotland.
SIDE BONES — Subscriber, Santa Rosa,
Cal. It is said that a sweating -blister
composed of from one to one and a half
drachms of blnoidide of mercury, to one
ounce of lard, applied to the affected part,
will cure side bones In horses. It must
be well rubbed i" after cutting the hair
close, and must be followed by the daily
use of an arnica wash made of one ounce
of tincture of arnica to from twelve to
fifteen ounces of water and applied with
a brush.
ABBREVIATED DATE— J. L. M., Cres
cent City, Cal. A number of persons ab
breviate the date as follows: 2— l2— 'oo;
but the proper way to write it is 2— l2 —
1900. and then there cannot be any mis
understanding as to what la meant. If a
written obligation to pay money was sued
on in court and It should be dated "2—l2 —
00," as the correspondent haa written it.
it would be held that the document ia
without date, as "00" Is not a recognized
abbreviation of a year.
BNAILS— F. VT.', City. If your garden is
infested with snails or slugs place a num
ber -of Inverted cabbage leaves at; night
at the places where they most abound,
and in the morning you will find the pests
on the inside of the leaves. It Is then an
easy matter to destroy them and replace
new leaves. If that will not do place a
five-inch board edging around the beds tr.
the . garden and occasionally coat the
same with a paste made of train oil and
soot. > It will form: a barrier over which
snails will not pass. ¦¦
PLURIBUS UNUM-0.M., City. The
motto. "VEFluribus Unum," on the coins
TO SAVE THE BIG TREES
GRATIFYING, indeed, is the announcement
from Washington of the passage by the .House
of the resolution of Congressman de ( Vries
authorizing the Secretary of the Interior, to- open
negotiations for the purchase of the famous groye
of big trees in Calaveras. Early'during the week the
measure will be called up in the Senate by Senator
Perkins, and there is every assurance it will receive
there an attention not less prompt and favorable than
in the House. - -
With the passage of the measure the redemption of
the grove from the destruction which threatened is
virtually assured. It is not likely the Secretary
of the Interior will delay in acting upon the authority
given him, or that the lumberman of Duluth who
holds the bond upon the grove will interpose any
serious obstacles in the way of the purchase. The
big trees, which as a living grove are invaluable,
would be of no great value when reduced to firewood,
lumber, shakes and shingles. It will, therefore, be to
the advantage of the owner to dispose of them to
the Government, and no doubt he will gladly do so.
If, however, for any cause he should be foolish
enough to desire to destroy the grove, action will
be taken by Congress to authorize the Government
to institute condemnation proceedings to acquire the
land.
In the satisfaction felt over the prospect of pre
serving the grove the public should not neglect to
give due credit to the energetic men and women of
the State to whose public spirit and action the present
good results arc primarily due. Every notable work
performed in this way for the general good is a mat
ter for congratulation. It will encourage further ef
forts for State improvements by co-operation and
lead to many results hardly less important than the
preservation of the wonderful trees.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
I. Bird, a lawyer of Merced, is at the
Grand. ¦
Abe Marks, a merchant of Uklah, is at
the Lick.
Fred Cox, the Sacramento banker, is at
the Grand. w
H. F. Seymour of Manila is stopping at
the California.
G. M. Hyams, a mining man of Butte,
Is at the Palace. . .
R. H. Channlng. a mining man of Salt
Lake City, is at the Palace.
W. R. Plaisted of the; Fresno "Evening
Democrat is at the California. ,'¦. ; ;" J
• 0.-L. Graff,- manager of the -Damrosch -
Gadski company, is at the Palace.
Edward O. Graves and daughter of Se
attle are registered at the Occidental.
C. Singleton and wife, tourists en route
to the East, are stopping at" 'the- RusS."' |
' John Markley. the' Bank Commissioner,
of Gcyserville. is registered at the Lick.
Charles A. Brown and Dr. E. C. Water
house of Honolulu are at the Occidental.
ditlons in the navy and merchant marine
will be greatly Improved.
It is customary to extend all possible
courtesies to visiting naval officers on
board ships of war. All parts of the ship
are open, for inspection and admiration,
and there is only one particular locality,
that of the submerged torpedo room,
which by a common understanding is con
sidered terra incognito. Thus when the
visitor in his tour of inspection comes to
this particular room there is considerable
vexation in discovering that the door !¦
locked; the officer in charge of the visit
ing party makes frantic efforts to find the
man to whom the key has been intrusted,
but there is no record that he has ever
been found. Apologies are offered and gra
ciously accepted,' and the party wends its
|way to either the cabin or wardroom to
Inspect and sample the small stores, the
keys to which are always in their proper
places. When -the Japanese battleship
Shikishima was recently visited by British
naval officers it was found that the nisn
.with the, key for the submerged torpedo
room was not to be found, and the visit
ors departed with the conviction that the
Japanese were apt pupils in modern war
fare and dissimulation.
Let the workingmen's unions and industrial associations have delegates, before the
board to speak for them in denouncing a scheme which will enable Eastern gamblers to
spread before the boys and even the. girls of the city the enticements that lead to ruin.
Let the Merchants' Association, the Chamber of Commerce and other influential
bodies protest against degrading San Francisco in the eyes of intelligent men every
where by granting here a license for a nefarious trade which has been suppressed in all
the large cities of the East.
Finally let all who have been impressed by the fearful list of crimes and deaths re
sulting from the enticements and the frauds of track gambling appear before the Super
visors and in the name of the whole people demand the maintenance of the law which
closed the infamy of the gambling gang and checked the increase of crime and suicide.
WAGNER is upon us with all
its .thundering harmonies.
The greatest American dis
ciple of the famous German
composer, Walter Dam
rosch, and the greatest female Wag
nerian singer, Mme. Gadski, arrived in
this city yesterday afternoon from Los
Angeles. The third member of the
party, David Bisphara, will arrive this
morning. This is Damrosch'e first
visit to the coast, but Mme. Gadski Is
well known here since her visit last
year with the Ellis Opera Company.
"Ah, this is such a beautiful place,"
said Mme. Gadski In her rooms at the
Palace, "and the memory of my suc
cess here a year ago has urged me to
return to San Francisco."
Mme. Gadski was thinking of "Aida."
and her husband, who was sitting by.
her side, arose and finished the speech
for the prima donna. He is Herr
Taucher, the American agent of the
Mauser Rifle Company.
"Ach," continued Herr Taucher.
"when madame was last here — well,
there was too much Melba and too
much Jealousy. But I shall say noth
ing about it. Melba would not allow
madame her proper chance, and Ellis— ¦
well, I shall say nothing about It. On
the show bills Melba's name was In
type so big." Herr Taucher drawing
his hands apart to show the size.
"And then De Lussan. she came next.
The greatest artist of them all.
Gadski, was the third on the bills and
in small type. _j
"Ach, the people of San Francisco
know Gadski. There is no need of
saying anything."
Mr. Damrosch, who will conduct the
explanatory concerts, or what they are
more aptly termed. Wagnertan inter
pretations by masters, will give his
first performance to-day at Sherman
& Clay's Hall. Mme. Gadski and Da
vid Blspham will appear on Tuesday
at the California Theater.
THE PEOPLE AGAINST THE GAMBLERS.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1900.
WHEN the Supervisors to-day take under consideration the Tobin resolutions pro
viding for unlimited race track gambling at Inglesi de, l the gamblers and their at
torneys should not be permitted to have the field wholly to themselves. The rep
resentatives of the people should be present to denounce the wrong, to protest against any
toleration of race track gambling, and to uphold public morality and the welfare of the
home.
The Police Committee, of which Supervisor Tobin is chairman, treated the pro
tests made by eminent pastors of the city against the resolutions with scant courtesy.
Nevertheless the protests were not ineffective. Having been published by The Gall, they
were widely read and have done much to strengthen popular sentiment on the issue.
Therefore when the Supervisors meet to-day they will give a more attentive hearing to
advocates of protection to the home than was given by the Tobin committee. In fact,
despite the boasts of the gamblers that they have a majority of the Supervisors fixed, it
is certain they will be beaten on the issue if the people show themselves resolute and
It is to be borne in mind. the people enter the. contest with the prestige of victory
on their side. The gamblers were defeated a year ago and track gambling at Ingleside
was suppressed. The forces which attained the reform can maintain it undiminished if
they continue to act with vigor. It is not credible that a majority of Supervisors will fly
in the face of public sentiment and nullify a victory for morality for the sole purpose of
affording a gang oft Eastern gamblers a- legal means of fleecing the city.
The importance of the issue is well known. Track gambling has been tried in San
Francisco and there is hardly any class of society that has not suffered from its effects. It
has led men to abandon their families, women to neglect their homes, boys to commit
petty thefts, clerks to practice embezzlement, public officials to become plunderers of the
public treasury, confidential employes to betray the trust reposed in them, and it has
brought many a victim to the Police Courts, to the criminal courts, to prison, to the
morgue and to the grave.
Let every man who has had a friend ruined by race track gambling go before the
Supervisors to-day* and denounce the Tobin scheme. ,
Let every business man whose employes are exposed to the temptations which
have led so many others of their class to commit defalcations make protest against a re
newal of the gamblers' license.
Let every pastor within whose congregation some family has suffered from the
blight of the widespread curse stand among the representatives of the people to-day
and demand its suppression.
Let the taxpayers have their representatives before the board to oppose granting a
license to an evil which entails upon-the municipality so large a cost 'for the maintenance
of police, criminal courts, coroner's fees and the morgue.
Let the civic improvement clubs protest against a "scheme which will enable a
gang of Eastern sharpers to carry from thecity the earnings which should be expended
in the erection of homes, the support of families and the advancement of the general wel
fare.
MONDAY. .."¦ MARCH 5. 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
/ddress All Communications to V.'. S. LEAKE. Manager.
»'LUZ.ICATIO> OFFICE. .MnrkPt find Tlilrd. S. F.
Tflrvhaae Mala ISOS.
roiTOIUAL n00M5....i'17 to 221 Steremon St.
Irlrplionr >lafn 1874.
Dfllvrr'il tiv Carrier". ITS r.-nl« P*r TVeelc.
Mnslf Coplei. S (>nt>.
Term* I>» Mali. Ineladlnß Pontiicri .
r»AII.V CAM. «lnoln«lln«r Sandarl, nnr rf«r..«n.nn
DAILY CALL (•¦iclitillnir «nnil«r). «( uioiKlm. . :i.«»O
ItAII.V VAZAs llnpladlnir >unclny». 3 month!.. 1.r.0
UAILV CALL Ur Mnirlc Month OS*
M XHAV CALL Uuc >>»r IJT,n
.U'KLIKLY CALL One Year J.OO
All yußluia«lrr» nre niitlnirlit-d to receive
¦ nbacrlptiona.
Sample copies « 111 lit- foruardrd wben requesteil
OAKLAND OFFICE 111S Bro-dvray
C. CEARIiK KROCXESS.
Wtoictr I'orrlcn A<l vrrtinlnir. MnriiurKe DaMd-
IBS'. CbICIIKOt
KEW YoniC COUKKSPOXT»K\Ti
C. C CAKUO> Herald Square
CHICAGO SISWS STA.\DSt
Sherman lioonei P. O. .\>wi Co.: Creat Xorth
ern Hotel; I'rcjionl Hooiei Audliorlum Hotel.
SEW YORK! KEWI fTAADSI
lVnlilarf-Anlnrln Hotel: A. Urenluno. 31 Cnlon
fcquares Jlurrnj Mill Hotel.
XEW YORK Ulir*iri;«sEVTATlYEi
l'fcUtltV LLKEAS JR 20 Tribune llulldlnz
U'ASUHTOTOX <n. C.\ OKFIC_:..~V>UI-«rton Hotel
J. F. I2AULISII. Correspondent.
UiHAf 11 OFFICES 527 JMontjrnmery. Corner nt
Cla— . open nnlll 1»:«O o'clock. 300 n»yf«.
open until iliHii o'clock. <>3t> SlcAlllxter. open
mi t tl U:3<> o'clock. <>1S Larkln. open uutll
u-.no o'clock. 1!MI Ml«*lon. open i-atll It'
o'clock. __U] Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until U o'clock. 1090 Valencia, open until 9
o'clock, lou Kleventb. open uinll II o'clock.
>W. corner T-re_ty-»ecuna and Kentucky,
open until i» o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Callforr.'.a— "Darkest Rursla."
Tivoli— "The Idol's Eye."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opcra-noune— "The Girl From Paris."
Columbia— "The Old Ho~iestead."
Alca_ar— "Never Acain."
• "aUrorn'.a— Operatic concerts. Tuesday afternoon. March 6.
Chutes. Zoo and Theattr — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympla. corner of Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Pherrr.an - Clay Hall— Piano recital this morninr.
Mechanic*' Pavilion — Trained Animal Show.
Oakland Race Track— lt&ces.
AUCTION SALES.
By Eafton. EldrUpe & Co.— Tuesday. March t, at 12 o'clock,
Real Estate, at C3S Market street.
By Nfw York Auction Co.— Wednesday. March 7. at 11 o'clock,
Government euppli**. at El 6 Washington street.
By Sullivan _; Doyle— Wednesday, at 11 a. m.. at SZ! Sixth
etrret. Hordes.
By The». Madipan— Thursday, at 11 o'clock, at 1625 Market
«trpet. Horses and Mule?.
4<¦» aPP ft Olf I I Corner .Fourth and
PR II UllvAl Market. S. F. Try
I Ar P XI 1 1 11 1 our Social Brew
I .11 1 1 1 1 J IHI Et«-a.m and Laser.
VI II ¦• •IV I 1 ll» fc . Overcoat* and
Valise* checked {re*.
AMUSEMENTS.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900-C ALIFORNIA JOCKBT CLUB -1900
February 26 to ¦ March .: 10, Inclusive
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday. Thura-
flay. Friday and Saturday. Kaln or slilne
Five or more race» each day ¦ ¦ - ,¦ -
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. ....
Fern -boats leave San Francisco at 12 m and
12:30. 1, --1:30. J. 2:30 and 3 p. tn., . connectlnr
with trains stopping at - thB * entrance to the
track. : Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dles and their escorts; no smoking- Buy your
ferry tickets rto Shell Mound. ••> All. trains, via
Oakland mole connect with Kan Pablo . avenue
electric cars nt Seventh and • Broadway, Oak-
land Also all trains 'via" Alameda mole con-
nect with S&n Pablo avenue car* at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen m'.nutes. ..-•
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m.and immediately after the last race.
THOMA S< H. WILLIAMS JR.. President. :¦
R. B.MILROY.; Secretary.
Opposition to Dr. Weldon.
Special Difpatch to The Call.
SAN' DIEGO, March [4.— All] the mem
bers of the order of Foresters' in Southern
California are not .united on the Grand
Court' officer ¦ which has -been accorded •to
Southern California, and. there is likely
to be a little, fight, among the representa
tives from below Tehachapi on the sub
ject of that preference. The present: grand
junior „ woodward* is Dr.' Weldon of .San
Pedro,^ and some opposition 'to- him has
already been developed .among those who
supported him for. the office, last year. AH
of the San Diego delegates , to | the Grand
Court, • which is -, to • convene in San Luis
Obispo" next \ May are pledged by resolu
tion of their courts, to support George D.
Goldman, the: City Clerk of San Diego,
for the -position-/. 1 , which -would go ; to* Dr.
Weldon by right of preferment. Some Lob
Angeles n courts • are also » In favor of j the
San Diego man: " v ¦ , ¦
: : Men's .vlcl kid shoes wcth $3 50 for $1 50 a
pair at the saleof shoes, 717 Market st.'*
BOY BURGLAR IS
AGAIN IN TROUBLE
Young Romero Captured While Leav
ing a House He Had Just
v ' ' Robbed. • •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, March 4.— Thomas Rom
ero, the 12-year-old boy.'tried-for-com
plicity In the daring burglaries recently
committed 'in' this city' arid discharged
because jof .Insufficient evidence to con
vict, has again | been arrested „ for. burg
lary. He was. seen leaving' the .house of
Paucho Martinez with a. shotgun and a
qutantity of ammunition, and it was
found he had broken into the house. when
Martinez was i absent. It is -believed he
picked the lock of a door in order to en
ter. He was at once arrested 'and locked
up. in the City Jail and- the- stolen gun
was returned to the owner by the boy's
mother." .' "•;¦••,¦••. ¦
The youthful- burglar has -since shown
himself both . daring and -.resourceful by
breaking, jail. : on Thursday night, and
eluding recapture for a considerable time.
Constable Hernandez has again got hold
of him." however., and has -placed him
so securely ip jail that there, is little
chance of his being able to ' break away
again.? He is the youngest criminal ever
known hereabouts, and it is ¦ believed by
many that he is merely the -tool of some
older 'person or persons to whom; all the
recent burglaries are . directly- or indirect
ly chargeable. .The boy- will be- brought
up for trial in the Justice's Court early
this week. • - -
Council of Jewish Women.
CLEVELAND. Ohio; : March 4.— The an
nual-meeting of 'the -Council-' of ; Jewish
Women ' began ~ here this ': evening with
about 100 delegates in attendance. .After
a secret .' session a - public meeting was
held, at which -the^ president, Mrs. -Han
nah-G. Solomon of Chicago, read her an
nual report./ "-;.:.;:•--¦.: .'.•.'-.,¦-" ''-:_"i-
WOULD SHOOT FILIPINO
BANDITS ON THE SPOT
Radical Measures Advocated by Cap
tain Wilde of the United States
Battleship Oregon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Mass., March 4.— Captain G.
F.-F. Wilde of the United States ship
Oregon is in favor of shooting captured
Filipinos on the spot. Under date of Ma
nila. Philippine Islands, January 15, to
Master George Lucas, he says:
• "The war business as an organized - re
sistance is about . over. There will un
doubtedly be more or less guerrilla war
fare, or, more • properly speaking, bands
of robbers prowling all over the island and
causing disturbances. They ought if
caught to be summarily dealt with— shot
on the spot. That would soon put a stop
to their, depredations and murders. As
big ships are no longer needed out here I
am hoping to get. ordered back to God's
country -before many months. It will be
such a grateful relief to leave this miser
able hole behind me," .
CHINESE REFORMER.
¦, VICTORIA. B. C. March 4.— Leong
Kay Ting, one of the foremost ¦ Chinese
reformers connected with the movement
otr Kang Yu Wei, for the overthrow of
the ..Empress of China and the establish
ment of a. new celestial empire, Is here.
He", is a brother of : Leong- Kay Chew,
now at Honolulu : looking after the Inter
ests of the revolutionary party, who is
expected to come, northward soon.-
- Like his ' brother, .the young reformer
has been a fugitive from China since the
notorious coup- d'etat : of the Empress
Dowager, when Yang Yul fled to. Japan.
He says that although' a posse of twenty
six has been sent by the Empress to
Kang:-Yu Wei. -he has no fear, for he
says he is well guarded. Kang Yu Wei
went' to Slam 'at the invitation .of the
King of that country to visit that mon
arch. The British Government has fur
nished him a bodyguard.
Mining Property Leased.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANGELS CAMP. March 4.— A portion oC
the Hannon property, on the Calavera»
River below Petersburg, this county, has
been leased to a San Francisco company
for twenty years for mining purposes.
Twenty thousand dollars' worth of ma
chinery has been ordered and is now be
ing transported to the place preparatory
to beginning operations immediately. Ihls
section of the river bed has always paid
well and is considered very rich.
party something of his .own far-seeing
statesmanship.
Jeff erson's Administration.
The party of State sovereignty entered
upon the conduct of national affairs
strong in the support of the masses of the
population. The people were just.awak
ing to a realization of their own power
and a sense of their own responsibility
for the government of the country. Jef
ferson stood for this new sentiment, for
this rising spirit of democracy; for the
passing away of privilege, of the domina
tion of the. men of position and wealth
and dignity; he stood for government by
the common people. Republicanism of a
new sort had appeared In the world and
was becoming conscious of itself. Against
this new spirit the old Federalism made
but feeble resistance. Many of the party
members retired from political life In dis
gust. Those who continued active in af
fairs conducted themselves with little
party wisdom. They did Indeed resist
with justice and with credit to them
selves the repeal of the judiciary law
passed by the Federals in their very last
days of power creating twenty-three new
Judgeships: but they also opposed the pur
chase of Louisiana and other popular
measures.
In - ISO 4 Jefferson's re-el*ctlon was a
foregone conclusion, the Federal candl-
ONLY A SUGGESTION,
But It Has Proven of Interest and
Value to Thousands.
Common sense would suggest that if
one wishes to become fleshy and plump
it can only result from the food we eat
and digest and that • food should be al-
buminous or flesh forming food, like
eggs, beefsteak - and. cereals: in other
words the kinds of food that make flesh
are the foods which form the greater
part of our daily bills of fare.
But the trouble is that while we eat
enough and generally I too much, the
stomach, from abuse and overwork, does
not properly digest and assimilate it,
which is the reason so many people re-
main thin and under weight: the diges-
tive organs do not. completely digest the
flesh forming beefsteak and eggs and
similar wholesome food.
There are thousands of such who are
really confirmed dyspeptics, although
they may have no particular pain or in-
convenience from their stomachs.
If such persons would lay their preju-
dices aside and make a regular practice
of taking, after each meal, one or two
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets the food
would be quickly and thoroughly digest-
ed, because these tablets contain the nat-
ural peptones and diastase which every
weak stomach lacks, and by supplying
this want the stomach is soon enabled to
regain its natural and vigor. ,
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets digest every
form of flesh-forming food, meat, eggs,
bread and potatoes, and this Is the rea-
son they so quickly build up, strengthen
and Invigorate thin, dyspeptic men,
women and children.
Invalids and children, even the most
delicate, use them with marked \ benefit
as they contain no strong/irritating
drugs, no cathartic nor any harmful in-
gredient,
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are the most
successful and most widely known of any
remedy for stomach troubles because they
are the most reasonable and scientific of
modern medicines. < ,
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold by
every druggist in the United States and
Canada as well as in Great Britain, at 50
cents for complete treatment. .
Nothing further Is required to cure any
stomach . trouble or to make thin, nerv-
ous, dyspeptic people strong, plump and
well. " :
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
1 RIUMPH A POWERFUL
OF . PLAY.
A TREMENDOUS SUCCESS.
Darkest Russia
Presented by
A GRAND COMPANY OK CAREFULLY CHO-
SEN ARTISTS.
The Greatest Play Ever Written on a Russian
Theme. Brimming With Comedy. Strong
in Scene -and Story.
March 13 — A Magnificent Spectacular Produc-
tion of "THE UKOWNIES IN FAIRYLAND."
KESWICK MINE
HOLDS BODIES
OF FOUR MEN
Stranger Was Put ! at Work
on the Night of -the
Accident,
His - Name Is • Not Known, as the
Timekeeper Had Not Made His
Rounds Before the
P T*" ' "
REDDING, March 4.— A : report was
current here to-day to the effect, that the
Iron Mountain . mine, the scene -of the
recent disaster, holds four. more. victims
instead of three. The report- is gener
ally believed. It is said that on the fatal
night 'the foreman of the mme 'gave a
stranger who applied for employment a
job as mucker 'ln - the copper* level.' He
had worked ¦¦ but a few hours when the
cave-in occurred. He has not "been seen
since and. is, presumed to be' numbered
among the victims of the accident .whose
bodies have not yet been recovered. If
the report is true there were' nine men
killed by the cave-in instead- of. eight.
The" man's name is unknown, as the night
timekeeper had not -made , the rounds of
the mine and- secured an oiricial record
of the new employe when the accident
occurred. None of the three or. four re
maining • bodies • have yet ¦ been secured.
The ' progress of ¦ rescue » work Sis J slower
than at -.first. • While a- chance 'remained
of reaching . the -prisoners alive !no effort
was spared, but now that they are- known
to be dead the 'rescuers work In six-hour
shifts -at a slower* pace. :- It is said that
the stench from the decomposing bodies
is .becoming nearly unbearable to those
clearing away the. debris in" the copper
level.. ¦ ; ¦•¦ : -•¦ ¦\ ¦' •- ¦
AMUSEMENTS.
"HOOT MON, It's Simply Marvelous!"
THIS EVENING COMMENCES
THE EIGHTH WEEK
Of ths Universal Favorite Ccmlc Opera,
THE
OVER ONE HUNDRED AND TEN THOU-
SAND PEOPLE HAVE BEEN THIS PLAY
already. and the demand
for seats increases::
EVENINGS at S. MATINEE SATURDAY at 2.
POPULAR PRICtcJ— 2cc and 53c.
TELEPHONE-Bush 9.
dates receiving but few electoral votes.
Four years later, under the dissatisfaction
due to the embargo act and the injury
which It worked. to business, a small ad
ditional number of votes were counted
for the Federal candidates, but the party
was not really strengthened. The Re
publicans, meantime, through the Irre
sistible force of events saw that their
predilection for strong State governments
along with a weak National Government.
If carried to Its -logical conclusion, would,
doom the Infant nation to disaster and
ultimate extinction. The offensive acts
of Great Britain were rapidly convincing
the people that war was inevitable and
the absolute necessity for a strong cen
tral Government able to iop»» with foreign
powers was clearly apparent.
Madison's Administration.
Madison's two terms covered the rerlofl
of storm and stress preceding and Includ
ing what 13 known as the war of ISI2.
Longing for peace himself, ho could not
resist the general feeling which demanded
war. -The provocation was very great,
and, except in N<»w England, the country
supported the war policy. New England,
as the wealthiest and the most commer
cial section of the country and the last
stronghold of Federalism, endured, with
growing bitterness, the injury to her busi
ness prosperity and the oppressive exac
tions necessitated by the war. The dis
satisfaction culminated in 1314 in the call-
Ing of the Hartford convention, whose
proceedings, though secret, were believed
to look to the secession of New England
from the Union. The complete journal
of the convention an.i report of Its action
was afterward published and was found
to contain nothing treasonable or sedi
tious. (See "History of the Hartford
Convention." by Theodore Dwlsht, Its*
secretary. ISC3.> Its deliberations resulted.
In the passage of resolutions looking to
the security and protection of the citizens
of the. States, and In recommending cer
tain changes in the constitution designed
to relieve tho grievances complained of.
It also provided for the calling of a sec
ond convention six months later In rnae
conditions should not improve. The
speedy close of the war and the national
exultation over the brilliant victory of
General Jackson at New Orleans discred
ited the whole proceeding. It was tho
last notable effort of the Federal party
to influence public action, and after 1317
AMERICAN POLITICS: FEDERALIST PARTY.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton. , /^.. , /
WABNEE'S REMEDIES.
THE SAN rRAyCISCO CALL, MOyDAY, 3IARCH 5, 1900.
I. THE FEDERALIST PARTY.
(Concluded.)
BY JESSE MACY, LLD.D.
The First Disputed Election.
The campaign of IMO, with Adams and
Pinckney at the head of the Federal
ticket again Jefferson and Burr. Republi
cans, was an exciting one, and the result
turned upon the-methods of choosinp elec
tors in the various States. Those methods
being regulated entirely by each State for
itself differed widely and Rave a variety
of opportunity for political intrigue. In
the Electoral College Adams received
sixty-live votes, Jcl'ferson and Burr each
seventy-three. By a. constitutional provi
sion the tie" between the two names on
the Republican ticket threw the choice of
a. 'President finally into the House of Rep
resentatives, which had a Federal major-.
ity. There was .no doubt that Jefferson
had been intended' by. his party for the
Presidency and was the people's choice;
but the Federalists in tho House delib
erated with the purpose of either permit
ting no election or of selecting the man
likely to do their party the least mischief.
They strove to extort promises from both
candidates, but without success, though
Burr was disposed to hold out Induce
ments. Hamilton's influence was thrown
in! favor, of Jefferson, whom he consid
ered likely to be less violent and more
temporizing in his policy than Burr, and
Bayard of Maryland is credited with hav
ing finally determined the result. Tho Ion?
contest over our first disputed Presiden
tial election ended, therefore. In making
Thomas Jefferson our third" President,
with Aaron Burr art .Vice President. The
Federal party now surrendered the offices
of government, never to return to power.
Its after history Is that of an opposition
party growing ever more feeble and hope
lets. The old ideas and the old issues
were passing away, and the death of
Hamilton in the fatal duel with Aaron
Burr removed the greatest of the Federal
leaders who might liave been able, had he
survived, to infuse into the conduct of his
MECHANICS* PAVILION.
well: v. xll: wi - ?: just think or it-
hundreds Or PEOPLE WEKE TURNED
AWAY At BOTH AFTERNOON AND
• NIGHT PERFORMANCES YES-
TERDAY OF'
NO3RIS & fcOWt'S BIG TRAINED
ANIMAL SHOWS.
12 ETC PEOPLE Were Delighted. Astonished «nd
Amazed ct the A!nH>«t Human In-
tt-lllsence of the
300-ANIMAL ACTORS 1-300
EVERT AFTERNOON AT 2:30.
EVERY EVENING AT 8 O'CLOCK.
BltlNG THC CHILDREN.
I'KICES— AfluJts, 25c; Children, 10c
FAC-SIMILE OF THE FIRST AMERICAN PAPER MONET.
the organization ceased to exist as a na
tional party, though it survived In a few
States as a State party for live or six
years longer.
Xote — "National Nominating Machin
ery" will be the subject of tho next pa
per. : >¦. --
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Sprinc Term, 1900.
Mondays — American Political Par
ties.
Tuesdays — Twenty Lessons In
Trench Conversation and Recent Sci
entific Discoveries.
Wednesdays and Thursdays — •
Golden Ages of Literature.
Fridays — Photography for Ama
teurs.
Saturdays — Biographical Studies
for Girls.
These courses will continue until
held at their close as a basis for the
granting of certificates.
Th 2 Greatest Bill in a Year!
THH EMEDLEY SKHT.^H fLt;n: ANNA
WHITNEY: KOOBIBH TROUPE OF ARAB-
IAN ARABS: XEWHOUSE AND WARD:
THE FRANKS TP.IO; PAULINE MORAN;
TKOVO1XO; TIIK DAKCING PASSPARTS.
THE
AMERICAN' BiOGRAPH I
Do Not Miss the New
Boer War Views.
rtryerv-pd rea'.r. 25 cents; balcony, 10 cents
rppra chairs and bos seats. SO c=nts.
M-jtin«-s Wf^ne.-rtay. Saturday and Sunday
NOTED PRELATE
TOUCHED BY THE
HAND OF DEATH
Career of Catholic Archbishop
Hennessy Brought to
a Close.
Orator and Profound Theologian Who
Was Named "the Apostle of tho
. American Parochial
School."
DUBUQUE, lowa, March 4.—Arch
bishop Hennessy died at 2:25 p. m. to-day.
Archbishop John Hennessy was recog
nized as one of the greatest orators and
most profound theologians in the Catho
lic hierarchy, and because of his zeal in
his educational matters has been named
"the apostle of . the American Catholic
parochial school." • " ' ¦'
His latest work in the cause of educa
tion was the founding of a seminary here,
designed to be one of the largest in the
country. ¦ j '¦•-'.¦ ' ; -¦ "--•.•
Since he first came to , Dubuque Arch
bishop Hennessy has seen the Catholic
church in lowa increase from a mem
bership of a few hundred to a quarter of
a million. •¦ "> . ¦ ' .
Archbishop Hennessy was born in
County Limerick, Ireland; August- 20,
1825. In 1847 he came to America, going
to Carondelet Seminary, near St. Louis,
where he commenced the study of theol
ogy and was ordained priest November 1.
1&50. His first mission was at New.Mad
rid. Mo., embracing 6000. miles of terri
tory without a single 1 mile of railroad
and where he endured the hardships and
privations of the pioneer. In 1854 he was
Installed as professor of dogmatic his
tory at Carondelet. and. became president
In 1857 The next year he went to Rome
as the representative of Archbishop Ken
drick In IS6O he went to St. Joseph; Mo:,
where he remained untilappointed bishop
of Dubuque in 1866. He was- consecrated
September SO of that year by Archbishop
Kendrick of St. . Louis. His silver Jubilee
was celebrated with great pomp in 1891.
He vas made archbishop on September
17 1893 Monslgnor Satolll, then papal
delegate, and Cardinal Gibbons of Balti
more conducting the i ceremonies. AH the
American archbishops except one, nearly
all the bishops and upward of 400 nrlests
and hundreds of leading Catholic laymen
of the country were present.
In March of last year: the Archbishop
was stricken with paralysis of the brain.
On February 15 - last ..he was -.again
Ftricken and Friday night was seized
with another stroke. ¦ Archbishop Ryan
of Philadelphia arrived. this morning. The
sufferer showed signs- of recognition,
though unable, to speak. He then began
to sink, and at 2 o'clock ft passed
quietly. The funeral 'will- be held, Thur
sday morning. ; -.•'J- - :': '- ."'¦ : ''- ,
Among the candidates ¦ for , the vacant
archdiocese ..-•• Archbishop ¦ Kane. Bishop
Lenahan .of .'..Cheyenne ; . and . Monslgnor
Ryan are ; mentioned. ;..'¦ '. . . _ ;
TEXAS REPUBLICANS TO
SEND TWO DELEGATIONS
Split in the Party at County and Con
gressional Conventions Has
Not Been United.
WACO, Tex.. March 4.— lt Is believed
that the Republicans will 'send two dele
gations from Texas to the next national
convention. They will open their conven
tion in this city on' Tuesday. Up to the
present time nearly every county and
Congressional convention held in th.»
State has split and sent two delegations
to the State convention. It has been ex
pected all along that there would be an
opposing leader to State Chairman E. 11.
R. Green at the coming convention in the
person of John Grant, who led the Mc-
Kinley forces four years ago in this State.
The fact, however, that Mr. Grant has re
cently issued a card In which he states he
will not participate In the convention
leads to the surmise that the anu-Green
ites will have to look to other sources for
a leader. Prominent Republican leaders
.in this section say that the party friction
*is not due to any antagonism to President
McKinley. ,
Favors the Museum.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ¦
SAN DIEGO, March 4.— The San Diego
Chamber of Commerce has passed a reso
lution requesting Congressman Needham
of this' district to do all that he can In
support of the bill for the national appro
priation of $50,000 in aid of the proposed
Pacific Coast Commercial Museum which
is planned by the. University of Califor
nia. The resolution has been forwarded
to the Congressman and the bill will re
ceive his hearty support. The museum,
which is to be on the same lines as the
Philadelphia museum, will show the raw
products of all countries, and something
of the manner in which the raw product
is handled.
SACRAMENTO., March 4.— The election of Lieutenant Colonel H. I. Seymour
to the colonelcy of. the Second Regiment, infantry. Third Brigade. National
Guard of California, gives satisfaction to military men. with whom, the new
colonel has long been popular, and insures the retention of regimental head
quarters in Sacramento. • ' - '
The newly elected' colonel enlUted in Battery E, First Artillery. Novem
ber 11, ISS4, became a sergeant on. March 30, ISBS. was advanced to second lieuten
ant on December 17, 18S5. became first lieutenant November .ll, 18S6, and was chosen
captain of Company E. Second Infantry, on October 12, 18S7. and continued as srch
until June 14, 1595, when he was elected lieutenant colonel of the regiment. He was
placed on the retired list 1 February 15, 1305, but he has long been spoken of as a
desirable head of the regiment. When the election occurred last night Colonel Sey
mour was absent from -the city, but at his direction a banquet had been prepared
for the officers at the French restaurant, and Lieutenant de Finnes ably presided
in his absence. ¦. . .. ......
The story is that at the. former attempt to elect a colonel E. A. Forbes of
Marysville had promised to support Seymour, but when he reached town he
thought he had enough votes to elect- himself, and therefore went against Sey
mour, with the result that there was no choice. I^ast night, however, he decided
to cast his strength for Seymour. a!:. 1 Seymour's friends, who had intended this
time to vote for, Colonel J. W. Guthne. returned to their original favorite, w'»h
the result of Colonel Seymour's election.
BBBBBEBBBSBBBBBHBBBBSa
o a
I Free Tickets I
S ¦
g| TO THE H|
B — ¦
B
B BUT YOUR Q
s ¦
£ ¦
Ze n jffi> ¦¦
¦*5 P fir 11 n
3 SAVE TOUR WRAPPERS AND OET B
|g FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM. 3
§ The Johnson=Locke 1
EC '
| Mercantile Co., 3
B 204 FRONT STREET, q
0 SAX FRANCISCO, Q
ES Will Exchange for Lenox and Ivory ti
53 Soap Wrappors X
rj FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM ¦¦
•¦ UNDER THE FOLLOWING CONDI- H
X TIONt?: Q
Q If Ycii Wart a 25c RewvM Seat ng
n f^nd 2r> Wrarpers of LENOX SOAP „
m Or 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAl* «*
¦2 Or else send 15 Wrappers! of LENOX B
H SOAP and C Wrappers of IVORY SOAI' M
»3 If Ycu Wnnt a 50c Reserved Seat wa
jjj P*nd 50 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP 22
™j Or 24 Wrappers or IVORY SOAP ™
E <>r else send 23 Wrappers of LENOX H
H fOAPand 12 Wrapperßof IVORY SOAP gj
SaBBrSEBBBaBBBBBBEaBSBQ
Special Dispatch to The Call.' '
PERKINS IS
IN FAVOR OF
SEATING QUAY
Will Speak in Support of a
Resolution in His
Behalf. ...
Work Laid Out for the Senate This
Week Includes a Debate on
• the Porto Bican Gov
ernment Bill.
WASHINGTON, March 4.— The question
of seating Senator Quay, the conference
report on tho currency bill and the Porto
Rican government bill will divide the at
tention of the Senate during the present
week. By agreement .the report on the
currency bill will be voted upon at 4 p. m.
Tuesday and will have practically the un
divided attention of the Senate until that
time if there are Senators who desire to
speak on it.
After Monday the Quay, resolution will
be the uppermost topic during the morn
ing hour each day, and the Porto Rican
bill for the remainder of the day. Among
those who will 'spealt on the Quay resolu
tion are Senators Penrose, Spooner, Per
kins and Carter favorable to Quay, and
Senator Burrows. in- opposition.
Senators Culbertson. Turley and Petti
grew will make set arguments against tht
Porto Rican bill on constitutional grounds,
and Senators Nelson and Depew will talk
in support of it. The question of expan
sion will be raised in connection with this
measure, and it will provoke much run
ning debate as well as many set speeches.
Seriator Foraker, who is in charge of the
bill, says there is no disposition to accept
the House bill and drop the Senate meas
ure, as has been reported in some quar
ters would be done.
The diplomatic and pension appropria
tion bills probably will be passed during
the week. .
The House will devote this week, ex
cept to-morrow, which is District of Co
lumbia day. to contested election cases.
Th» debate on the Aldrleh-Robbins case
will be resumed Tuesday. After it is dis
posed of the Wlse-Younß contest from
Virginia will be taken up and probably
will consume the remainder of the week.
In both cases the majority has reported
against the sittlnsr members, who are
Democrats, and the House will probably
sustain the reports.
'Anyvo ; Theatrical ' Cold ¦ Cream', prevents
early wrinkles. Sold by. all druggists. •*-'
COLONEL SEYMOUR
A POPULAR CHOIGE
WHITE ASfl STEAM COAL, SSFS^SE
DIAMOND COAL MINrNO CO.. at tt3 GREEM
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is th« Best Coal In ti«
market. Cfncv and Yards— Uo Mala *Ut«t. ;*7
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
| MOTHER SUPERIOR ENDORSES f
| MOTHER SUPERIOR ENDORSES I
* MOTHER SUPERIOR ENDORSES 1
V CHICAGO, Januer 7 IS. 1900. J
•£ k^e have had several good opportunities to notice the -f*
.s. value of Werner's Safe Cure for kidney troubles, having used j£
j£ it here with most satisfactory results. While its action is -h
_s. mildly stimulating to a sluggish system, it' is very soothing 31
X ani kca lmg in effect lam glad to endorse a remedy which 4*
.{- I believe is all and more than is claimed for it' 1 l£
X SISTER MARY BASXLA. £
•j- Sister Mary Easilla is Supe.-icr of the Convent of the An- 4-
5 nanciation, corner Washington and Hermitage Streets. Chicago. £
I A GREAT REMEDY I
I A GREAT REMEDY |
I A GREAT REMEDY J
X NEWARK. N. J.. January 25, 1900. J
.j. '•For nearly five years I suffered from kidney and liver •!•
T troubles and had given up hope that I would ever be cured I *£
•j« was told by the doctcr that I had Fright's disease, and he X
T thought I was incurable. My legs swelled up so with dropsy '£
.j. that I thought I was done for. A friend told me to use War- vj.
V ner's Safe Cure and I did- I used in all about six bottles. It is T
? a great remedy and made me a new man." •!•
*?" DATTJI^f VCITV 4*
.*. rA 1 KiLK K-tLL i , J.
•p Patrolmao of the First Precinct, City of Newark. •!•
i WARNER'S SAFE CURE f
± WARNER'S SAFE CURE ±
I WARNER'S SAFE CURE f
V Free medical advice en application to Warner's Safe Cure Co., 4.
- Rochester, N.Y. v
o-:--x .mi ¦;¦¦:¦¦:•¦:¦ 4-rv-H-:-:": :¦¦:¦¦:¦¦:¦¦:¦¦:¦¦;¦¦!¦ •x-x-x-x-Xv**':":":"!":-:-:-:-:--:--:^
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT,
SECOND AND LAST WEEK,
Denman Thompson
In His Original Creation of
UNCLE JOSH In •
THE OLD
HOMESTEAD
Next Monday— WILLIAM GILLETTE'S
BECAUSE SHE LOVED llffl SO
CALIFORNIAJHEATER.
THE MUSICAL EVENT OF THE SEASON.
THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
SIX GRAND OPERATIC -CONCERTS
ON THE
WAGNER OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS.
Under the direction of C. L. Graff.
Rfp«ttolr«? of the first week. Grand opening
performance
To Morrow (Tuesday) Afternoon at 2:ls
"TANNHAUSER."
MI!E. GADSKI Elizabeth
DAVID BISPHAM Wolfram
ANTON SCHOTT Tannhauser
WALTER DAMROSCH Musical Director
Ticrtdiy Aft«rao33. Kareh 8. "IXjizg Dctehman."
Friday afternoon, March 9. "Meistersinser."
SECOND WEEK.
Evenings of March 12. 13 and U.
Reserved watf— 73c. $1, $1 to. $2. |2 50 and J3.
NOW ON SALE at the box office.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN £32.
EVERY EVENING. SATURDAY AND SUN-
DAY MATINEES.
FIRST PRODUCTION AT POPULAR PRICES
Of Rice's Famous Musical Eccentricity,
THE GIRL
FROMPARIS
usual prices. 7 /-::\'
Good rw»rvc<l seat >n orchestra Saturday and
Eunday matinees. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailal
on Application.
SHERMAN, CLAY& CO.'S HALL
THIS MORNING at 11 o'clock,
First Explanatory Recital at the Piano
BY
MR. WALTER DAMROSCH
Under the direction of C. I». GRAFF.
ON" THE
WAGNER OPKRAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS.
FIRST RECITAL,.
"DAS RHEINCOLD."
Wednesday. March 7 DIE WALKURE
Saturday, March 10 SIEGFRIED
Monday. Msrrh 12 GOTTERDAMMERUNG
(Nlebelungen Trilogy.)
Wednesday. March 14 PARSIFAL
Saturday. March IT.... TRISTAN AND ISOLDE
General admission. $1; reserved seats. $1 SO.
On sale at SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S Hall
at 9 o'clock this morning. Doors open at 10:30.
COAL. COKS AND Pld IROX
1 r WIT * fft 90 ° Battery Stwet.
J. U WlLiUn CtUI-, Telephone Mala ISM.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
A HIT IS NEW YORK AND EUROPE.
15c, 25c R^l^P D 35c, 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
fn Preparation - - DIPLOMACY.
. COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Eupt. H. BLTTH. Mjrr.
C W SMITH Ship Plumblns. Steamboat
\r !!• 0311111. and Ship Work a Specialty. IS
and IS Washlnrtcn ft. TeleDhone Main Mil.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS EOYES & CO., Sgf^M&foj*
PAPER DEALER*.
Wlf I lUPTTP PUI«P AND PAPER CO..
n ILL AJnE 11C 722 Montgomery st.
F- C- HUGHES. 511 Eansoni* at.. 3. 7.
CHUTESJND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND 'EVENING.
LULAINE and DAHRELL: ATLANTIS: THE
GORDON SISTERS; MAJOR MITE; BLACK
BARTONB; SISTERS BENNETT; DEL ZAU-
TOS.
MOVING PICTURES OF THE
AFRICAN WAR.
' AMATEUR. NIGHT. THURSDAY.
Cakewalk Contest Saturday Night!
Reserve Seats by Phone— Park 23.
STATIONED AND PRINTS*.
T€l cSrei hlc PARTRIDGE * gc g£? M
5
COLONEL H. I. SEYMOUR.
From a Photograph by Varney, Sacramento.German Editor Punished.
BERLIN. March 4.— Herr/.Carl Keller,
editor of the Tageblatt, .has been;sen
tenced to four months' imprisonment ' for
"exaggerated statements" regarding the
alleged vandalism of the Lelger expedi
tion to Bear Island.
73; G. Hoadley. S7. Marksmen— Mrs. C. F.
Waltham, S2; Mrs. Mannel. -93; F. Hassman,
94; G. Mannel, 105; K. E. Beaman, l>3; E. A.
Allen. 130.
All comers' and members' re-entry matches;
Rifle— A. H. Pape, 1, 10. 3. 3, 2. 6. 5, 2. 3. 9—44;
F. O. Young. 57. 67; A. B. Dorrell. 59, 69. 68;
Captain F. Kuhnle, 64, 75, 77; G. Mannel, 75,
7S; C. M. Daiss. 78. Record scores— A. B.
norrell. 6.>, 77. , Plslol— G. M. Barley. 50. 50;
F. O. Ycunp. 50. 53. Record mores—M rs. Man
nel. SO: Mies teller, 129. Revolver — P. Becker,
54, 60. 7S, 88. 104; C. M. Daiss. on. 63. 75. 75, 65;
F. O. Young. 69. 69, 70. 76. 65; E. E. Beaman,
69. 87. 94 SI. 108; Dr..T. F. Twist. 76. 121. 109,
114. S7: G. Hondley. 111, 94. 86, 97, 97; Dr. Glustl,
113. 104. 98. 22 and 25 caliber rifle— Captain F.
Kuhnle, 21. 22. 24. 25, 26. 27, 29: A. B. Dorrell.
28; G. - Hoadley. 25; Mrs. Waltham. 41; F.
Hassmnn,- 43. At last Fhoot-ln this match
A. B. Dorrell broke the club's record with the
following fine score, 2, 1, 2. 2. .1, 2. 1, I. 1, I—l 6,
or 1.6-Inch ring nverage. 50 yards, off hand.
Record (22 and 25 caliber riflj scores)— J. S.
Collins, 32; G, K. Collins, 41.
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
ANNUAL STATEMENT
-—OF THE^
CONNECTICUT
MUTUAL
Life Insurance Company
OF HARTFORD, CONN.
NET ASSETS, January L 1833 $31,807.067 53
RECEIVED IN 1593.
For Premiums $4,332,553 33
For Interest and Rents.. 2.550.047 23
For Balance. Profit and
Loss 88.150 70
I : ;j : ;i ,¦ • • iso.Bii.s24.Bi
DISBURSED IN 1833,
For claims by death,
matured endowments
and annuities $4,323,381 90
Surplus returned to pol-
icy holders 1,285,334 14
Lapsed and Surrendered
Policies 832.86;::
Total to Policy Holders.. $6,121,363 il
Commissions to Agents,
Salaries, Medical Ex-
aminers* Fees. Print-
ing. Advertising. Le-
gal. Real Estate, all ' . ' ;¦»
other Expenses 521.544 13
Taxes 893.758*2
7.438.945 91
Balance Net Assets. December tl.
1539 $62.377,87S S3
SCHEDULE OF AS3ET3.
Loans upon Real Estate, first 1ien. .524,192,537 (4
Loans upon Etocks and Bonds 2.300 00
Premium Koten on Policies in fore© 823,945 23
Coat of Real Estate owned by the
Company 11.C1.937 J3
Cost of Bonds 22.407,953 33
Cost of Bank and Railroad Stocks.. 473.804 H
Cash in Banks 856.217 S3
Bills receivable 6.061 S3
*52,3T9,5TT 15
Less Agents' Credit Balance* 1.833 22
ADD- V2.*~.™ »
Interest due and ac-
crued $383.777 311
Rents due and accrued.. 13,805 02
Market value of stocks
and bonds over cost.. 879,518 57
Net uncollected and de-
ferred premiums 340.013 34
$2,211,122 31
Less Bills Receivable.... 5.061 63
$2.208,0€0 O
Gross Assets. December 31. 1533 »&4,553,933 «1
LIABILITIES—
Amount required to re-
Insure all outstanding-
Policies, net. Com-
pany's standard |Sj.S2S.S33 P*
All other liabilities 1.548.743 02
$57,375,555 02
Surplus (including contingent real
estate depreciation mem. account.
$750,000) J7.208.2« 33
Ratio of expenses of management
to receipts in ISW U.slp*rcent
Policies in force December SI.
1599 67,649. Insuring $160,432,488 00
JACOB L. CREENE. President.
JOHN W. TAYLOR. Vlce-Pres*t.
HERBERT H. WHITE. Secretary.
DANIEL H. WELLS. Actuary.
A. K. P. HARMOJT,
Dlst. Supt. Agencies.
F. K. ICOTES, General Agent.
33-31-32 Mills Building. California St.. Saa
Francisco, Cal.
BOXERS AND WRESTLERS
ARRIVE FROM THE EAST
FIRST PICNIC
OF THE SEASON
A BIG SUCCESS
Crowds of Pleasure Seekers
Go to Shell Mound
Park.
Skilled Marksmen at the Shooting
Ranges Compete for Many Val
uable Cash Prizes and
Medals.
?
It required four special trains to trans
port 5000 people to Shell Mound Park yes
terday, the occasion being the first picnic
of the season given by Captain L. Slebe,
the proprietor of the East Berkeley pleas
ure grounds. The threatening stata of
the weather failed to keep away the Im
mense throngs, who were amply repaid
for their temerity by a fine day's enjoy
ment. Dancing in the two big pavilions
under the direction of Julius Evers and
Fred Pinkham was indulged in by a ma
jority of the pleasure seekers, though all
of the many. sources of amusement came
in for a large share of attention. It was
after 6 o'clock when the merry-makers
reluctantly dispersed and the returning
trains were taxed to their utmost capa
city-.
A large number of marksmen gathered
at the shooting ranges during the day,
though but three organizations were- rep
resented at the targets. The day was not
favorable for good results, the following
scores being only a little above the aver
age:
Naval Militia, First Division— A. Severance,
33; O. Markel, 39; C. Ludtmann, 43: J. Bode,
37: A. Qulnlan. 39; J. Mortran. 34; W. L. Mil
ler. 33; A. Michael. 28; R. Walsh. »; E. N'lckel,
35: C. J. Wehr, 35; C. J. Weber. 25; H. Harris,
44; W. Georee. 26.
Naval Militia. Second Division— H. Hilton.
32: J. Farnham. 33; C. McKee. 43; E. Thack
eray, 29; F. Sutton. 36; M. Cattran. 2S; E.
Johnson. 36; E. Heine, 27; L. E. Vanear, 33;
O. W. Hammond. 87.
Naval Militia. EuKlneer Division— C. McPhie.
34: C. Haas, 30; N. Dufriend. 32.
Deutscher Krleger Vereln monthly medal
fhoot: First champion class — C. WesKenmann,
384; second champion class — George Hetzel,
524; first class— O. Dammer. 3SO; second class —
X. Sllberzahn, 310: be*t first shot — George llet
rel, 20; best last : shot— C. Wesgenmann. 23;
most centers. O. Dammer.
Deutscher Krieger Vereln monthly bullseye
shoot— First prixe. O. Dammer; second prize,
George Hetzel: third prize, John Bender;
fourth prize. Fritz Kaiser.
The Norddeutscher Schuetzen Vereln
held a shoot for cash prizes on the man
target, which excited great interest.
There were a score of prizes, ranging
from $20 down to $1. for red flags or 20
points and for the first and last flag of
the day. The distribution of prizes was
held at the close of the shooting.
MONTHLY MEDAL SHOOT
AT SCHUETZEN PARK
Two clubs— the California Schuetzen
and the Verein Elntracht — held their reg
ular monthly medal shoots at Schuetzen
Park yesterday. Threatening weather
and bad light on the targets were against
the recording of any very high scores.
The champion class medal of the Vereln
Elntracht Club was won by Captain F.
A. Kuhls with a score of 404 points. Cari
Suhrstedt, with 337 points, won the first
class medal. Charles H. Henderson car
lied off the honors of the California
Schuetzens for the second time since his
entry Into their ranks, with two strings
of 202-222 points, the 218-218 of F. E. Mason
running the winner a close race.
The Verein Eintracht Club scores were
as follows: ¦'» '
Champion class — E. Zahn." 374; H. Hart*up,
276; C. Schroeder. 365; F. A. Kuhls, 404. First
class— C. Suhrstedt, 337; E. la. Rlenenschnel
d«r, 300; Carl Suhrstedt, 337. Second class — R.
Saphr, 225; Carl yon Hartwlg, 330; H. Schwel
ger, 319; Otto Thlele. 237; C. yon Hartwlg. 330;
C. F. Over, . Third class— L. Schetb, 295;
C. Waldon. 139. First best, F. A. Kuhla, 25;
lowest. A. Thelle. 25 points.
California Schuetzen: First class — C. H.
Henderson. 202. 2M; F. E. Mason. 216. 21«. Sec
ond champion class^ — J. L. Utschlg, 2'K, 204;
Captain KuhU. 211; A. Hampel. 200. 199; Wil
liam Ehrenpfort, 136, 1?2; T. J. Carroll. 178, 200;
A Rahwyler. IS9. ISO. First class— H. Eck
mann. 195. 163; H. Schrader. 20S. 197: F. A.
Schumpf. 147, 183. ' Second class — Captain At
tlnger 191. 19S; A. Jungblut. 134; John Jones.
ISS, 220: C. J. Walden, 168. 217; A. Gehret, 200,
212. Third clays— F. Schumann, 173, 163; C.
H. Sagehorn. 179. 153: E. Woenne, 174, 1S8; M.
Rheubold, 165, 127; J. C. Waller. 133, 152; R.
Lanirer. 191,-175; F. C. Hagerup. 175. 176.
Fourth class— William Nolden. 166. 154; Dr. M.
H Atkins, ISS, 145; Wade Warren Thayer, S9.
9T.
Expert Revolver Shots.
The regular . shoot of Columbia Pistol
and Rifle Club was held yesterday at Har
bor View range. The revolver seemed. the
favorite arm. many members apparent! v
desiring to equal C. -M: Daiss' • recently
made record. The scores in detail follow:
Rifle class, me<lal»: . Experts— F. O. : Youn*,
66; A. B. Dorrell, 72; A. 11. P«pe, 73; Captain
F. : Kuhnle, S". • Sharpshooters— G. M. ' Barley.
96; G. Mannel. 87; C. M. . Da)s», 121. . Marks
men—Dr.'J. F. Twist, 104; E.B. Beaman, 127;
G. Hoadley, 129; Mrs. Mannel, 160. — '. - :- .
Pistol class medals: Experts— F. O. Young,'
3, 5. 2. 4," 2, 1. 8. 3. 7. 2— 32, 0r.5.2-lnch rtnff
average; A. B." Dorrell,; 63; A. H. . Pape,'6B;
O. Barley. 74. Sharpshooters— Dr. J. F. TwlsL
To Improve Prominent Streets.
The South Side Improvement Club has
undertaken to secure the bltumlnlzins of
First and Second streets from Market to
Folsom, and has appointed a committee to
interest the property owners in the pro
ject. At a meeting of the club held last
Saturday afternoon the following officer.*
¦were elected: F. Gregp. president: . I.
Downlr.jr. C. Driscoll and J. Fleming-, via
presidents; Oscar Hornberg. financial sec
retary; G. McKlroy, treasurer; Charles
I^uhrs, recording secretary; F. Carlson,
Eereeant-at-arms; P. Hayes, M. Riordun,
J. Schultz and T. J. Tully, executive com
mittte. The club will meet again next
Saturday.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
Nome, St. Michael, Dawspn
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
FROM FAN FRANCISCO ;..... .1.8. S. "FORTX. AND" . . April SO IMA
FROM SEATTLE ;.:...........:..."...'.:........ .....S. 8. "D0RA".. ....... April 30 1900
4 ..OM SAN FRANCISCO .......8. 8. "RAINIER" :..... ..May 10. IMO "
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM SAN rRANCISCO .....S. S. "ST. PAUL." May Mth
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sitka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet
Kodlak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM SEATTLE ......:..'..:.......... ....8. 8. * VBERTHA," commendiuc AnrO StM
. v AND MONTHLT THEREAFTER. .
, For b.w folder*, maps and furtlwr particulars as to frelrht and Daisare. act>ty ta ALAS.
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANY. 810 Bansom.»tre«t. Ban Trkaeitco. Cal 7^
For BeatUt Mllinsa apply to CAPT. JAS. C ARROLL. Mutual Uft Bulldlns;, Bt»ttto.Waak.
PRESIDENT WILLIAMS
ON CALIFORNIA RACING
Praises the Local Game in an Inter
view With a Chicago Turf
Correspondent.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
•CHICAGO, March 4.— Thomas H. Wil
liams, the California sportsman, reached
Chicago from San Francisco this morning
and registered at the Wellington Hotel.
Although Mr. Williams has raced no
horses 3ince 1893. he is president of the
California Jockey Club and still retains
his fondness for thoroughbreds. Mr. Wil
liams will remain In this city for a couple
of weeks. His trip here was made simply
for pleasure and to obtain rest from busi
ness cares. It had been the intention of
the Westerner to join this year's ranks of
American turfmen who have invaded
England. He had been offered the pick
of some of the best California stables and
had purposed taking n string of four or
five high-class horses across the water.
Recently, however, his uncle died and in
creased business pressure. obliged him to
give up the project. When seen at, the
Wellington Hotel to-night Mr. Williams
said:
"I am sorry to have to give up the idea
of taking a few good horses to England
next summer, but business prevents me
making the trip. I had hoped to take a
good vacation abroad, and thought per
haps * I might be able to win -one or two
; minor English turf events. 1 believe in
entering American horses ,in «' foreign
races. : We have plenty iof good ; animals
; over here, and there.is.no reason- why
many English events should not fall to
American : owners. American '¦ horses and
American -jockeys are better than the ani
mals and boys in England, and ; therefore,
it seems to me the foreign- tracks offer a
good field for enterprising American own
ers; :;:¦.' ' — .r ¦ .-,. .."j :% , '..- ' ¦•¦¦,¦ : >• *«
/•Racing in" California- is very good
thia season. There are plenty 'of speedy
horses on the Pacific Coast and the tracks
are fa st. It was • too » bad that the . rain
bpoiled the Burns handicap yesterday. It
would have » been a I erand l race I had l the
track been in good condition.- No, I shall
not race in the East this year,"
In the Handball Court.
The attendance at Phil Ryan's hand
ball court, K>S Howard street, was above
the average yesterday afternoon. Much
enthusiasm was manifested over the
game between Kilgallon, Linehan. Rior
dan and White, who are looked upon in
the local court as being among the crack
players. The other games were also well
contested and brought forth much ap
plause from the spectators. The scores
! follow:
H J. Koßers and E. J. Murphy 21 21 21
T. Foley and J. E. McCarthy 14 10 IS
P. Basch and D. O'Hrlen 21 19 21
M. Bertrln and C; Hasch 8 21 11
C Murray and ~V. 11. Steberst: 21 17 21
M. Klrby and G. B. Hayward 11 21 13
G Pmlth and J. Condon ? 21 21 21
A. McVlcker and T. Foley 14 13 12
J. J Canavan and J. Condon 21 13 21
W. Cunningham and E. Antron 16 21 20
T. I>ach and R. HauFman 21 13 21
E. Curley and J. Lawless 14 21 19
J. Pair and J. Glynn 21 1* 21
E. McGlnty and \V. Walsh 14 21 20
G. McDonald and P. Ryan 21 13 21
\V. Fisher and W. Manion 10 21 17
M. -T. Kilgallon and R. Linehan..2l 1? 21 21
J. Rlordan and J. White 10 21 12 17
Specialists for Men
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
Pay when well. Advice and Drlvate book
free, office or mail. Horn- cures. Estab-
lished 19 years. No injurious medicine used.
Dr. Meyers & Co.
731 Market St., S. F.
FOB. KENTUCKY DERBY.
List of Eligibles in the Classic Event
in the Blue Grass State.
LOUISVILLE. March 4.— The time in
which final, payments rriust be made for
the three b!g spring stakes of the Louis
ville Jockey Club has just expired. The
following list of eligibles i 3 announced:
The Kentucky Derby. $8000, mile and a quar
ter—Admiral Schley. Thrive, Prince Wllhelm,
Dlendonne Flaunt, Orontas, Hindus. Stltes.
Wnl.leck Soldan. His Excellency, Benadler.
rolonel Strahy. F. W" Brode, Sam Phillips,
rrj-PTiock -Lieutenant Gibson, Dramburg. Star
Hrieht Highland Lad. FlorUar. Caviar.
Clark Ftakeß. J4OOO. mile and an elghtb-Klngr
n^illfi Thrive, Stltes. Admiral Schley, Dien
donne Flaunt. Orontas. Hindus. Sam Phillips,
Wildeck Soldan, Benadler. F. W. Erode.
Oreenock Lieutenant Glbf-on. Dramburg. High
land Lad Florizar. MacFlecknoe. Caviar.
The Kentucky Oaks. »SOOO. mile and a «lx
topnth—Jena, Anna Bain. Scarlet Lily, Lady
l-nte F.lsle Venner. Shrove Tuesday, Miss
r>ede' Drulcllla, Honeywood. Elizabeth, Klein,
•ri«rrlii Receda, Anthracite. Lady Massey. Etta,
Colgate,^ "unsightly.-; Nettie Regent, Villa V.
Cleora, Royal.
FOUND ANCIENT FORESTS.
Important Worn of Professor Saville,
the Archaeologist.
CITY OF MEXICO, March 4.—Profes
sor Marshall Saville. representing the
American Museum of Natural History of
New York, has left for home, taking
many unique objects discovered by him
at the ruins near the prehistoric city of
Mitla, in the State of Oaxaca. The prin
cipal work -of the professor was the un
covering of many ancient mounds over
grown with forests, to which a road had
to be constructed.
Duke de Loubat, himself Interested in
archaeological research, describes the
work of Professor Saville as most Im
portant. Half of the objects discovered
go to the Mexican Government under the
agreement made previously.
For the Oriental Trade.
TACOMA. Wash.. March 4.— Dodwell &
Co. have chartered the Russian steamer
DaJney Vostock from Japanese parties
and will put her in the trade between Ta
coma and the Orient. The Dalney Vos
tock was. one of the crack ships of the
P. & O. line. This means twelve large
steamers now in the Oriental trade from
the port of Tacoma.
SANTA CLARA TEAM
DEFEATS STANFORD
University Baseball Nine Scores Only-
One Sun in a Match Game on
Palo Alto Campus.
SANTA CLARA. March 4.— ln the
eighth inning-, with the score 2 to 1 in
favor of, Santa Clara and three men on
bases. Havens, the hara-hittins outfielder
of Stanford, struck out. This was the only
chance Stanford hikl of winning - In •¦ the
Bame played on the Stanford campus
Thursday. A large crowd was present and
witnessed one of the finest games played
on the campus this season. The work of
the Stanford infield was somewhat
ragged, while that of Santa Clara could
not have been improved. .The hitting of
both sides was rather light, due, no doubt,
to the fact that both Lanagan and Kelly
pitched in excellent form.
SANTA CLARA.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Leake. b. « 3 1 0 0 3 2 0
Graham, c.....' 4 1 1 ' 0 5- .1' 0
Kelly, p..... 4 0 1 1 12 0
Conner. 3b 3 0 10 4 2 0
Kinnegan, 1. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 1
Kyan. r. f 10 0 0 3 11
Farry. c. f 4 0 0 0 0 00
Turner. lb 4 0 0 0 8 2,-0
Keefe, Ib 2 10 1 1 1 0
Totals 2? 3 3 2 2T 11 2
STANFORD.
AB. R. BH. SB. ro. A. E.
LouKhffd, c 3 0 0 0 11 1 0
Edwards, 3b 4 0 1 0 3 0 2
Cowden, 2b 3 0 0 0 2 1 o
Havens, lb 4 110 5 1 It
Murphy, c. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Strohn. r. f 3 0 10 2 1 0
Symonds, b. b.- 4 0 0 0 1 2 2
Lowenthal. 1. f...... 3 0 1 0 10 0
Lanagan, p 2 0 0.00 1,0
Totals ?.O 1 5 0 27 7 4
RUNS BY INNINGS. :
Santa Clara..... 2 0 0 0 0 6:0,1 ¦•—3
Stanford ....0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—l
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Santa Clara 1. Two-base hit —
Graham. Sacrifice hits — Kelly. Flnnegan.
Ixiugheed. Uasfg on balls— Kelly 1, I^anapan 5.
Left on bases— Santa Clara 4, Stanford 5. Struck
out— By. Kelly 5. by Lanagan 11. Wild. pilch—
Lanagan. Hlt'by pitcher — Conner, Ilyan, I>ana-
Ran. Tlmo of game — 1:40. Umpire — Swindell.
Scorer — Cameron.
I will pnarastee
that my Kheuraatisra
Cere will reliere lum-
bago, sciatica and all
rheumatic pains in
two or three hours,
and cure in a few
days.
MUNTON.
At all drnsrsjisfs,
25c. a via]. Guide
to Health and medi-
cal advice free.
1505 Arch st. Phila.
ROYAL FLUSH IS
WINNER OF THE
BIG OPEN STAKE
Scores Still Another Clever
Victory at Union
Park.
Exciting Ccurses Between Closely
Hatched Greyhounds Hark the
Sport for the Day — Win
ners Hard to Pick.
T-IItANK McCOMB'S black wonder.
L( Royal Flush.? justified the confidence
{ of the betting men yesterday by win*
v.iv.g the valuable open stake at
L'rior. Coursing rarU. He seemed stronger
sr.d fa?ter than on the previous Sunday
in th<* John Grace Gup stake. Only two
poir.ts were scored against him in the five
courses. Th^ss were to the credit of Cur
tia <£.- Son's Narclstu?. In the others he
defeated J L Ft, C-0; Handom Aim, 4-0;
Maud S, 5-0; and In the all-Important de
cidlr.jr course. Flyirg Fox, 5-0. For a Time
it seemed Master Ciair or Flying Fox
would win. The former weakened In the
r^xt to the last round and was retired
before i:e could get into the final. In the
fourth round Flush stumbled and
Tvrer.chfd his r'.sht shoulder. He was
taken off the f.e!d slightly lame, but came
back gamely for the two additional
ccurses which determined the possession
of the long end of the purse.
Dcgs Evenly Matched.
Thf dops vrerc so evenly matched
throughout the day that betters seemed
e.Vt ai sea. In the tlrst iwcrsty-four
courses eleven favorites 10.-t. The raosc
cotable tit:'i-ais were these of Kecording
Ar.Gfi by Lavender. Forget by Lady
Clci". Bcnlcla Boy l>y Kid McCoy. Rocker
by Maud S. and t>aa Boy by Flying Fox.
3r. the rext to the last round Master
«;a:r and K!yirs Fox v.ere unfortunate
Irs rurmiiis: an undecided course which did
not improve either of their enances in the
final. The coursing went on without ln
xeiruption. althougn thore were a number
of sharp Boowers which drenched the Held
officials a:i<l the handlers of doss.
The surprise of the ttake was the run
ning of tl. I>. Taylor's Mo.«e. He was
ctruck by ar. electric car Fom*^ weeks f-'.nce
Bi:d sustained tv.-o broken riba on liis rijrht
Fide. As it wa.s thought this Injury might
inu-rfere with hir. s--jie«*d he was barred In
the Lt'ii'r.fr. To the surprise of ever/bogly
he r;-::i the best f-curse of his life. sc-->r«tig
]4 points to 1 ;:i a twenty-nlne-secand
course witn Columbia. He ran well until
):? met Flyirif Fox near the end of the
Ftake. when be reiircd. AJs he ran so well
vitii tv.<i r;'.i¥ broken his owner was ad-
to br.ak two more on the other side,
and then, apparently, nothing could stop
ihe bia (awn dcg.
Hct7 the Dogs Ban.
Th*> results of the couisir.tr. with the
cfficial jH-ores by Judge Grace, follow:
Open stake: 11. 11. Gray"* rtona b?at T.
3. Crostn'a Vandal. U — »: C. B. Charlesworth's
<"raw:ord Bra-*s b'-at I). J. Heaiy's Grcn
eda, I—2; J. M. IlaHijn"s Lav«*n<i"r beat Pfesha
Kf-nrels" Recording Argel. 4— (>; J. P. Thrift' s
Brutus lx:at Curtis & Sons" TTronite. 4—3;
• 'uriis £; f-on«' Vulcan beat J. P. Thrift* St.
Michael. C— i: 11. Lynch's L'ttie M t>eat Maher
Ar J'.fjis l:i. !e Fuller. 3—o: U. J. Healy? l.ady
Clare b^-at .1. P. Thrift's For*,'ot. s—o; Russell.
A"tn & U'ilson's Master Cla!r beat Pasha
K«-nri<>!^' Itoxa! Ar.nr, a—o:a — 0: J. 11. I-Vrißi's Con
troller bfat & Knowles' For Glory. 3—2;
K. M. ]v«ii.:gg'B Kid McCoy beat Denicia Boy,
::— f ': <"urtis & Sons' Narcis-F'js beat J. H. Har
rison's Hot Haste. D—o;D — 0; Krwin & Lyons' May
Queen t*-at «ius Alxrcrcral.'ie's Rock Island
Hoy. 3—2; P. J. Reilly'g Plouehboy Ijeat Aene!d
Kpnr.rit' Aeneas. £ — 0; Curtis A; Sons' Maud S
b»at H. A. iJeckeiman'F Kockcr. 4—2; Curtis
& S^ons' Flying Fox beat Maher & Reid's Had
Boy. 4—3; I>. Winders' EUsky Attempt l>eat E.
M. KdSosx** Rcc«t Emma. 6—o; D. Winders'
Jinndom Aim l^at R. K. <Ie B. Lopez'c Won
<3fr. 4—l; V. A. MeComt/s Royal Flush beat
J L. Koss* .T L It, €-J»; Gcorse Whitney's
Therein beat J. O*Dow<l'a Bhootorer. D— 2; K. P.
\Vh:t:nfr'» Minneoia b^-at Sterl & . Knowle«*
o; ( ,rp.. 6—o: N. P. Whiting's St. Anthony beat
T's'ha Kennels' Uear.rwx. 9—3; It. E. 'de B.
Lopez's Crawford Lad beat K. L. Taylor's
Beauty ?pot, 14—1: R. L. Taylor's Mow beat
J. Keenan's Roya! Cai, Z>—2; Curti? & Sen?"
Vanity Fair beat JJrwln & Lyons' Sliver Lyon,
7—2.
Second round— Hcna beat Crawford Braf! 1 .
4—o;4 — 0; Brutus t«at Lavender, ii — 0: Vulcan beat
Lottie M. 4—3; Matter ''lair beat Lady Clare.
T—o;T — 0; Controller beat Ivid McCoy. 4—o; Xar
clwjs beat ilay yjeen. ." — 0; Plo'JKhb<jy beat
ilaud ?. 6—2: Fly'.ng Fox b'-at Risky Attempt.
I — C: Royal Flu^h l<eat llandoni Aim, 4 — ft;
Mfrneola beat Theron. 3—l; EC. Arithony l.»Rt
Crawford Lad. 4—l; Mcse beat Vanity Fair,
Third r«ui<>l— P.rutus beat Ttorja. 3—l: Master
Clalr beat Vulcan, 4—l; Xar'isi=us beat Con
troller. '— V, Roy?! FIUFh b<-..-.t Maud S. s—o;
Flylnsr Fox beat Minneoia, 6—3; Moae beat St.
Ar.thony. 4—3.
Fourth ropad-r-Master Clair beat Brutus,
51—3: Royal < Flash beat Narcissus, 5—2;5 — 2; Flying
F<-x beat Mom, 4—2.
Fifth rounrt— Flying- Fox beat Master Clair,
*—2. 4— (>: Rival Flush, a bye.
Final— Royal FIUFh lx>at Flying Fox, s—o.
FLORA McDONALD A
WINNER AT INGLESIDE
IjOXth & Thompson's Flora McDonald
won the final in the open stake at Ingle
slde Coursing Park yesterday, with F.
McComl/s Little Sister as runner up. in
a Fhort course of twenty-eight seconds.
Favorites ran true to form almost
throughout and pood courFinp resulted
ponerally. The day's results with the offi
cial scores follow:
.Open etakt". first ti»— Kay Brothers' Ilawker
lv-at V. McComuß Miss Skyrocket. 10—7; J.
OFh p a> Young America b^at S. K. Mount's
Bam'« Folly. * — 0; J. Carrol's Auckland beat
P. Jlurc-ar.'e Manila. 3— •>: Russell. - Allen &
Wilson'e Chlcapo Hoy beat Jeff Martinett'*
Burton, j — C; Cartain Kane's Greenhall beat
K. ML Kfllojrif's Hens IJ^bs, 4—2; J. Holden's
Fonttish Cliief beat Lowe & Thompson's Little
Fullerton. Hut sell, Allen & Wilson's
Juilus Caesar beat M. Tiernan'n llary Ann.
C—o;C — 0; E. M. K»>l!r.rE'« lowa Boy beat Joe
Perry's Commodore Xash, 6—o;6 — 0; F. McComb's
Little Slater beat A. T. Leonard's Mayflower.
S— o; M. Punle&'o Krin beat A. Johnson's Tod
Moan. 3—l; D. Tolsnd's Twilisrht Jr. best A.
Vanderwhite's Master Gordon, S—o;S — 0; J. 1.
O'J?nen'« beat K. D. McCormack's
Valley Force. 4—l: F. McComb's Motto beat
S. Carroll Ked Hind, 4—l;4 — 1; Cartel Brothers'
Mac's Melody beat I»w« & Thompson's Pt.
Oran, 5— A; J. I. O'Brien's WandTinp Tom b»-at
J. It. Smith's Victor Queen, 4—l;4 — 1; D. Toland's
Pleasant Girl beat J. R. Emith's Motto, 4—l;
Low* & Tbaanpaon'a Flora McDonald beat F.
Muck's Jp?*e Moore. &— I; Kum-^ll, Allen &
Wilson* Miss ivnraaa beat Bartel Brother!"'
Bcr Brewer. ."¦ — 0; A. T. T^eonard's Master
Ije^-ren^e Jjeat 1". M. Kellnßfr's lowa Maid,
7—2; H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence beat J.
¦Wa.tl.ins" Gladiator, 2—o.
Second tip— Vour.B America beat Haxvker.
rr — 3; i'hicaco Boy beat Auckland 3—2* Green
hall boat Scottish Chief, 0—0; Julius I'aesar
boat lowa Boy, s—l; Little SiFter beat Erlti
T— '•; FtatcrTjan lvat lowa Boy, 4— S; Mac's
Melody beat Motto. 3—o; Plpai«ant Girl beat
Wr.nderinir Tom. 5— 2H: Flora McDonald beat
lillis Penman. 3— o; . Master Lawrence beat
Lawrence, 2—o.2 — 0.
' Third tie— Chicago P,ny best Young America
.4—2: Grwnhall beat Jullcs Cae«ar. 6—l; Little
Filter beat Mac's Melody, 4—o; Flora McDonald
.tif-st Master Lawrence. 4—2.
Fourth tic— Chi'-agn Boy beat Greenhall s—o
'Little Sister beat Plearant Girl. 3—2; Flora
J.>l>onjilAj a bye.
Fifth tie— Flora McDonald beat Chicago Boy,
J--0; Little faster a bye.
Final— Flora Mcl>onald beat Little Sister.
4—2.
STOCKTON COURSING.
Fj«*-ial nirr-atch to The Call.
STOCKTON. March 4.— The results of
tft-day's coursing at Goodwatcr Grove
follow:
Flirt round— Black Chief beat Evangellne;
lTnck L best Winning Lassie; Hazel L beat
Hunbeam; Nonpareil 'beat Rlx; Rowdy Boy beat
Riot Act; Peaceful Olen beat Farah Gold; Fire
ball beat Robin Adair: Hard Lines beat Right
Arm: Joker beat Forgive; Arno beat Wheel of
Fortune-; Better Than Gold beat Spring; St
Elmo beat Clipper.
Second round— Black Chief beat Dick L; Kon-
ROWELL'S NAME
IS SYNONYMOUS
WITH GOOD LUCK
Many Thing 3 Favored Impe
rious, Winner of the
Burns Handicap.
Marty Bergen Signs to Bide for Louis
Ezell — Bannockburn Will Be
Shipped East — Entries
• at Oakland.
Thegood fortune of Dr. Rowell, owner
of the Burns handicap winner, Impe
rious, was food for much gossip among
turfmen in general yesterday. Surely
the fates contributed to the victory of
his horse iln many ways. The gelding
was well treated by the handicapper, and
in answer to the weather signals which
the doctor had been displaying over the
stable, it began raining on the morning
of the race. Burns & Waterhouse made
a dicker to get the services of Tommy
Burns, and J. \V. Schorr purchased Acro
bat Just previous to the race. Pat Mor
rfssey was ridden by Thorpe, carrying
Beven pounds overweight, it Is said. At
this the gelding led his field to the sad
dling paddock, and with 102 pounds, his
allotted weight in the saddle, what might
he not have done? Then again. Spencer
refused to ride Topmast, lie was per
fectly willing to pilot Advance Guard, the
three-year-old, which nobody thought
had a chance at the weights, but not the
older horse. Three furlongs from the
wire Topmast, last but one of his field,
made a phenomenal run, and was beaten
but two lengths and two heads for the
long end of the prize. Dr. Sheppard, one
of the top weights, ruined his chances by
running out with T. Walsh, as well as
bursting one of his hoofs. And finally
Devin, who rode Imperious, had become
so saddle stale, being unable to ride a
winner, that h'.s services were In no de
mand. However, Dr. Rowell is a most
painstaking and popular horseman, ami
no one begrudged him the victory. With
the capture of the Burns his stable win
nings foot up the handsome sum of $17,
295.
Within three weeks Barney Schrelber
will ship Bannockburn back to his stock
farm at Woodlands, near St. Louis, where
the great brown horse will serve a short
season in the stud. He will then receive
a preparation for the summer campaign.
Marty Bergen has signed a contract to
ride for Louis Ezell. With plenty of work
In the saddle to do Marty may regain his
old time form. /; ¦¦¦•>-,
From all accounts the Jockeys ball,
held on Saturday evening, was a pro
nounced success. Tommy Burns carried
off the gold-headed whip awarded the
most popular rider, with Spencer a close
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Five and a half furlongs; three
year-old nllles; gelling.
718 Nettle Clark 1071 863 Galene 107
$02 For Freedom 107! 871 Mildred Hughes. lo7
718 Fille dOr ......1071 Bfi7 Gussle Fay ....107
713 Pidalia ; 1071 563 Louis* Hayman.lo7
501 Tanobe .....107 ?0S Maydlne 107
S5O W'inyah 107. 1 539 Isallne 107
Second race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
868 Frank Duffy..... ?S| ?«7 Vioris 114
852 Clarando 9* 833 Boundlee 107
RT4 Synla .....1«6 552 Gold Baron 100
876 Monrovia 102 S3O Jolly Briton SS
S6B Bona 94 876 Orion 104
576 Pat Murphy 1121 562 Limerick 104
Third race— Four furlor.es; two-year-olds;
purse.
858 Laura Marie ...115!(833)Intrepldo 113
SSS Loneliness 10S| SB4 Lucldia 115
... Carilee ••¦ 108 (SsB)Combermere ....115
Fourth race— One mile; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
780 Silver Tone ....1091 579 TTarda 107
565 Scotch P1aid. ...109 872 Perseus 102
576 Dare II 105 i 873 Momentum 112
Fifth race— One mile and a sixteenth; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
84S Horton 104 [ 555 Red Pirate ....101
853 None Such ......103 <S77)lmperious 100
879 Morinel 103! 770 Snips IC3
876 Captive 108! 860 Bishop Reed ....10S
847 Storm King 1081 872 Wyoming 103
Sixth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
(S4S)Novia IC6I $34 Sybaris .....108
849 Pompino 107 <821) Cormorant 11l
861 Ben Ledl :.110j-881 Headwater 10S
873 Peace 103 1 861 Andrlsa 103
867 High Hoe 106 i
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Gussle Fay, Isallne, Maydlne.
Second race— Boundlee, Limerick, Monrovia.
Third race— Combermere, Intrepldo, Laura
Marie. ?\^"7
Fourth race— Silver Tone, Perseus. Scotch
Plaid. ,
Fifth race— 'Wyoming. Imperious. Storm King.
Sixth race— Andrisa. Novla. High Hoe.
THE SAIN" JTKAjN CISCO CAIX, MONI) A Y, MARCH 5 , 1 900.
SPORTS
BOXING Eastern Amateur Champions Arrive.
COURSING— Royal Flush Wins Rich Stake.
RACING— Comment on the Burns Handicap.
imiMiiEfflfffl
gIpIPTIE
WHKN we say "RUPTURE CURED" wa
mean It. for it is a fact that thousands of cures
have been accomplished by Dr. Pierces World-
renowned ELECTRIC TRUSS durinr the past
twenty-five years. There Is nothing else like it
on earth! It does the work! Have received so
many letters and testimonials that we hardly
know what to do with them all. If ruptured In-
vestigate at once. Our prices are reasonable,
but not cheap. We make no discounts. "Dr.
Plerce's" Is THE truss. \ and you cannot b<»
happy till you get It.
You can get our "BOOKLET No. 1" for noth-
ing by calling at the office, or It will be sent to
you on receipt of a 2-cent stamp. It tells all
about this TRUSS. Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market street. SAX FRANCISCO
58 Tribune building. XEW YORK.
gBM^ Iw s w.kit 63.w .kit 63. unnatural lis
ffnm otmuitM-l H charges, or any infis-rnC
KaImEYASSCHEUirsiro. b r»Ofs. Non-astrinsfQ^
lA/. X.' HESS.
KOTAKTPOdMO AND ATTOaNSY-AT-LA^
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bldr
:¦' ''»'¦"¦ \* ' T el ' phon * Brown 931. *"
ca R n e F d ranct.ci 21 c *»*°""» »t.. below Powell.
Weak Men and Women
strength to .exuai orwns. DVpot. 123 Markeu
6
pareil b<*at Hazel 1..; Rowdy Boy heat i'eacerui
Glen; Fireball beat Hard Llit>b; Joker beat
Arno: fit. Elmo beat Better Than Gold.
Third round— Nonpareil beat Black Chief;
Fireball beat Rowdy Boy; St. JSlmo boat Joker.
Fourth round— Nonpareil beat Fireball; St.
Elmo, a bye.
Final— Nonpareil beat St. Klmo.
Puppy stake: First round— Tap Out heat
Columbus; Arion beat Grant Tl; Hard Game
beat Mi.=s Pollard; Black Rival beat Low Shake;
r; e >-Fer beat Medium: Meadow Maid beat Belle
C; Hanover beat Four Aces; Alberta beat Black
Annie.
Second round— Arlon beat Tap Out: Hard
Game beat Black Rival; Meadow ilaid beat
Geyser; Hanover beat Alberta.
Third round— Hard Game beat Arion; Han
over beat Meadow Maid.
Final— Hanover beat Hard Game.
Seven Amateur Champions Who Will Contest at the Olympic Club.
1 wrestling wonders of the East,
I who are champions in their
| elapses and who will take part
"*• in the big Olympic Club tour
nament which opens Tuesday night,
arrived yesterday afternoon. Al
though on the road during the last
five days, the men are in splendid
condition and show no lack of train
ing.
Tho party consists of three boxers
and four wrestlers. The men of the
"mighty mil" are John IS. Scholes
Jr.. feather-weight; J. J. Dukelow,
welter, and \V. Rod^nbech, middle
weight. William Kelson, Joseph
Renzland, August Kurtzland and the
cyclonic Max Wiley are four wrest
lers who wiped off everything else
jroni me mais in me ii>asi. \\ ney
and Scholes are the men whose ath
letic • prowess has earned for them
the backing of every Eastern ath
lete. When these men meet the West
erners there will be a clash that will
please the lovers of both the glove
and mat sports, for both are hard,
game little athletes.
John Hammersmith and H. V.
Ramsdell formed themselves Into a
reception committee to go up the road
and meet the visiting athletes at Port
Costa. "Leader" John became knot
ted up with telegrams and time-tables
and, forgettinp that there is a differ
ence between the Atlantic Express
and the Sunset, piloted the crowd over
to the ' Sixteenth-street station four
hour 3 in advance of the arrival of
me train, ai i>ean, wno win xaite
charge of the Easterners, was one of
those who waited.
On this side of the bay a delegation
from the Olympic Club and a large
'bus were on hand. The visitors
were taken to the club and generally
introduced.
The seven athletes who arrived yes
terday are a sturdy lot of young ath
letes, rather inclined toward the
stocky in build. They say they are
in perfect shape. At any rate they
are confident and will not shirk work,
having . gone through tournaments
that meant constant fighting and
wrestling ', for several days. While
in this city they will live near the
Olympic Club, taking their meals at
the club. * •Q Dr. G i bbo n's Dispensary,
625HEARSTXT. K?tabl!«t*M
in i«4lorih»tr«ifflfi:nl PriTala
Dtseaara, Let MmilvmmL \Debilltr or
dlw a— Teajtax on body aad mind and
-Skin Plat ajia. The docu>rcorcswaea
others fan. Trj aim. Cbartr* k>w
Camcaaraaleed. Callorwrun.
Or. J. »•• bIBBON, B»x I*97. Saa Fiaadaca
St. Patrick's Day Entertainment.
The gentlemen of St. -Paul's parish held
a meeting; yesterday afternoon to make
arrangements for the entertainment in
honor of the Feast of St. Patrick. - Robert
Shepfton was elected chairman. John Me-
Gushln, vice-president, and -Thomas Bran
eon, secretary of the committee. A. pro
irramme of rare merit is being prepared,
snd Rev. • Father Macorry. C. S. P., will
deliver a lecture appropriate to the occa
sion. The entertainment will be held on
Tuesday evening. March U. at Bt. Paul's
Hall. ¦• Twent jr-n!nth and Church streets.
Tickets 50 cents. Reserved seats 25 cents
extra.. ¦ • ¦'¦¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ' ¦ - '¦
T£ CHICAGO
This is the quickest roanlnf sad most
luxurious train across the continent.
Co::xect:n-g Tra;:; Leaves Sax Fxa>ci3CO<
& PS\. .Monday. Wednesday, Friday sad
scturday. arriving in Chicago at 2:15
PJI In time to connect wttb ail limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND I*eaT« San Francisco at S:»
FV DDFC.C. p. m. trith Palace and Tonrist
tSAMv^ «*'» fqr X an"" Citj, St. Louis,
DAILY Caicajo aad East.
Local trains Vtween Stockton. VALLEY
Fresno. Hanfcrd, Vtsalia, Tatars r>r»*r»
and Baiersfield. , KUAU
SEC YOU IN Saa Fracdsco oface. 623
'FDKm caam Market Street. Phone Mai a
i-KISLO SUOPI U3l . Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way; Sacrxmen'.o, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara. Street.
MOUNT TAMALPfUS SCENIC RfUl-WAY
Leata Eaa Fnusdsco »U gamilita Ferry.
urwrfc dara » Jt a, m. aad 1:« p. ay
•aatfaya.. ........ JA »* a. aa. aad I:4* p. aa>
ataatw Dawttal eaoaMl car o* ail trlaaa.
Fmrsi Han fimlia) to MauoU aa4 lutank
(Oivr IMTIMOn (nr*a4Gassc).
ftTilr 1 »» d Townsrtut St<)
? ¦«:ic»\ iicia ¦ Ytov, f>oista -%«n Knadsco.. ««»:aop
•T:it<»» H*n J»*9 t. \ U»y Srjit!- in {Sew
_«i...» :, i VTed»«Hla)soa!y). *I:S*F
"j-o«« Kaii Jnmr. Trra I*im«. S»nt\ Cno.
ViciAc (Urn% r«»i r.nblrt. feaa
i«U i >•.:•¦-.. haif. Loacpnc aa>l
•••». Hjv«i vr»r m*u.».» »«il«r
•lailSiSau.lman-1 Way hUtlosi *C:M*
•I I »::<•. .Saa J..s» «h.l W «y Station* •3i3»p
t«:«3r H«n >!«"... neUwomt. Jteclo Park.
lVi) Alto. Santa Clara, isan Jcsa,
Tre« Picoa. Ba«ta Cpij. SaSßaa,
Motitetry and r«*fs« Grcre fl»sS«*
t3:3nr«saJonaml W«y SUttetia »7:»»P
»l:lsrS»aJ»a*ni Principal W.y?Utiof>« •»:43» >
?3^«rS*aJos«a3drrin«ip«l'W»yStatleas t»*«A
•.» B ai»p Stn.lii-sau.iPriactril Way >t»::oes ***»a,
•S:3»rS»nJns«aivl WayStatwei ?*»••*,
HIM-'.r StnJc.n.lW.; Sftinwi *7»3»P
A for iioruinj P f st Afleroooa. - "
* DaUy. t suwtav »xr«i>t»t : iMUKUy asly.
fteatarday^'y.
aTaeadiysasdFndars « TacrsJaji aad teadaya.
Stages cocr.Tt at hacta Kcsa for Mark West
FprScirs aad W!-.!t» Sclphar Sprics*: a: Lyttoa
fcr Lytton sprlna^: at Geysenrllle for Skate«
fprlca-s: at C!c*erdaU for tie Geysers: at Hap-
Itiid fcr Doccaa fpriccs. HUhlind Sprlncs.
Kelser»Ule. Carlspad Sprlars. Soda Bay. I>»'<?-
port and Bartlett Ppring*: at Uklah far Vlc-r
Fprlccs. EarateicK Eprlnm. Blue Lakes. Laaral
I'< 1! Lake. \Vl::rr Sprlnca. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. Joha Day's. Rt«ers!de. LJerlry**.
Buckneir*. Saac»<lrln HelKhts. HaUvlUe. OrTs
Hot Eprtacs. Mendoclao City. Fort Braes.
Westport, LVaL Wlllltts. LaytonrllTe. Cura-
rclmfs. Best's Fprlnca. Hams. Olse&'a, Dyer.
Ecctla and Eureka.
Faturday to Moaday rccsd-trlp tickets at r*>
dcred rates.
On Sunday rcoad-trlp tlrkets ta all polats
fverd Saa Rafael a: hair rates.
Ticket Offices. CO Market St.. CJironlrla bH*.
H. C WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Ma=ac«r. Gen. Pass. A«ent.
Lesra Arrtr*
Eaa Francisco. la E."?e-t Saa FraaclscQt
October U. 1
San- ISYh. Eva- Week
days. Devtlsatloa. daya. Day*
7:** ami 8:00 am Norato. l»:49 anil 1:44 ara
f:l3pEi »:3>ain P»:alu-a. €:« pm;IJ:!S »ra
1:10 pm! StOO t— . Saata Rim. '.X. pm| t:ll prr.
Fultca. I
V.X arc Wtr.d«ar. | :3:C ara
Beald«borr. -
Lytton. I
Geyserrllle. I
tM pm «00 am Cloverdale. | 7JS pa €:n p=>
;.»atn| lUopland aad I I
I 1:00 ai=! Ukiaa. I 7tC p=l «:a pm
"TioTa I !»:=> *a»
S:CO asa GaersevUle. I «:SS ;a
1:M pta| I I I:n pn
; .Id a =:. s :¦-•-' air. J soaoiaa. I t:liiol l:«9au>
and
t:\<i rml S:W rrnl Glea Ellen. I t^C nsl C:t? pr\
;:» a.-r.i »:00 »ra! Seba<:op<>l. 110:4* am, l*:Z. an
1:3) pel! »:•'•! pm| I ::SS pmi «:" prn
TWO MEN ARE
HORRIBLY CUT
AT EMERYVILLE
Arthur Inwood Receives
Wounds That Will Prob
ably Cause Death.
?
A Companion Whose Name Is Not
Known to the Police Also Se
verely Injured — Their As
sailants Escape.
" Oakland Office 6an Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, March 4.
A most horrible and brutal cutting
scrape, which may yet prove a murder,
occurred to-night at Emeryville, beyond
the racetrack. One man, cut and slashed
so that death will probably result, has
been brought to the Oakland Receiving
Hospital; another, nearly as badly hurt,
has b**n taken to his home at West
Berkeley, while the men who did the cut
ting have escaped and there is not the
slightest possibility of tracing them, for
the wounded man refuses to talk, ana
those who witnessed the affair are shield
ing the men who did the cutting.
The trouble occurred in the saloon kept
by a man by the name of Giblin, between
Emeryville "and Butchertown, and Is said
to have been the result of a quarrel over
a crap game. Emeryville, the racetrack
town, having no police force and no hos
pital facilities a telephone message was
gent to Oakland, asking for the police am
bulance to bring a wounded man to the
hospital. The man was found in Giblin's
saloon on a table, with some temporary
dressing applied by a local doctor. His
companion lay on the floor beside the ta
ble, and blood was splashed all over the
place, showing that a struggle had oc
curred.
The man most seriously Injured was
taken to the Oakland Hospital. ¦ where
he gave the name of Arthur Inwood.
while the other man was taken home.
The men about absolutely refused to say
anything, and as It was outside of the
Oakland city limits it was a case for tho
Sheriff's office.
At the hospital Inwood refused to say
anything or to even give the name of his
wounded companion, who had been taken
home by some friends. Inwood and his
friends were formerly employed at the
Judson Powder Works and stopped work
last week. They had a little money and
went to the saloon near the track where,
it is said, they got into a crap game.
There was trouble over the game, and
as nearly aa can be learned two negroes
drew raxors and literally carved Inwood
and his friend to pieces.
Inwood received half a dozen great
gashes across the stomach and side. His
companion was cut about the head and
arms. Inwood is so badly cut and lost
so much blood that he will probably die.
f P V p.P.TTRR-MT.TgTS.
«& %%
It's a New Standard.
BURGLAR PULLS
REVOLVER WHEN
CAUGHT AT WORK
Startling Experience of Mrs.
Beleney and Her
Daughter.
Bobber Surprised in th© Home of
the Conuaissioa Slerchant, but
Forces His Way Out—Se
cures Scne Je-n-elry.
¦ *
A. bold burg'.iry cf the residence of
G«;rse B^er.ty. a ccrnraission merchact.
tt I^ls gutter street, was reported to the
jxslice bjr OScer Wo'.ters late last night.
rhe robber uas trapped while h» was
the pT»zr.:ses. but made his es
:if€ after iatboUatfas those who discov
ered him TiiTh a b:g revolver.
Mrs. Bcleacj ar.d her daughter returned
late frora the theater, ar.d upon entering
:he h&u»w» were surprised to find a Jewel
case on the <iin:rg-rooci table, open and
empty. They started to make an investi
gation and as Miss Beleney opened the
cocr Into the bathroom oi the house, a
mas s-prarg out. ar.d piacir.e his revolver
SX her heaa. ccrsandec silerice. Mrs. Be
teaejr rusned on tr.e scene and received the
tiune ccrnmand. but the bsixUr could cot
e:op her scream*.
Fhe cnes cf Mrs. Beler.ey brought a
nrnnber cf r.»:jhbors to the scene, ar.d
ey this time the burglar had passed to the
cocr. all the tin^.e ke*p!r.g the two women
covered with r.:s weapon. At the door be
tvs.s met by a txtu&ber of people, but he
thrust hi s= g-ur. into their faces, and, raaJt-
Ir.g & d«j"h for liberty, escaped.
The man secured four rin^s and a pair
cf gold bracelets. He entered tne prem
ise* by picking tr.e lock of the front door.
He is described as smooth shaven, wear
'.r.g a bnnra hat ar.d suit and Is about to
years cf aje.
WINTER RESORT.
PASOROBLES^ WC3
.. MTfIVL CJ/ltß MIEUMATI3M,
BLOOD. LIVER. KIDNET aad STOMACH
DISORDERS. ¦ Elegant hotel aeconunodatlooa.
Famous mud bath*. Special round.trip rebate
tickets- * Apply FRANK W. EXT. , Agent. 6i»
Market st. --. *i^amauja3S&if3^satisiefSaiAsm
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Satuallto Ferrr.
Ceauaeaetra; October L IS3S.
FROM SAN FR-*NCIS«CO TO KILL T>TJ.rTt
2 AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— T:t». "153. 11:09 a. bu: 1:44.
t:i\ 1:13. «:'». C:39 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Foe MUI VaHey aad Saa Ra-
fael, oa Mocday*. Wedifrsday* asd Saturdaja,
at »:00 and :s:i) s. m.
EUNDATS— •S:O3t *:8:0«L *n:» «- m-! 1:1^
sis. *<:4i. *:se. t.-e* p. =3.
Trains irar&ed «•> run to Saa Qae=tla.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WESK DAT *-!:». t:S. X:iS. t:*» a, m.;
13 aa, 2:15. •»«. *S:U p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. TVelaesiajs aa4
Saturdays at *:<» aad 3»::i P- a-
6UNDATS— 4:»JL *^^C. *lf:C3. »U;« a. m.;
lift •»:!$. «:?*. *«:» P- «=.
Trains marked «•! ttart from San Qaeßtla.
FROM KILL VALLET TO SAN rRANCISCO.
VTEEX DAT?— i C. i.C. ::i*. »:tt a. aa.:
U:>>. >:C S:««. i--*'i --*' ~- -•
EXTHA TRIPS oa ifoaday*. TTedaaadaya aa4
Satordays at ;:t» and l»:» r. mj
BCSDATJ-13. M:« a. ta.; n:SS. Id*, tju,
THROL-OH TRAINB.
r.-M a. m. w«eir day»— Ca«a<!eraaad war atßtfonaw
IM p. m. Bars rdayn— Tom ales and "ay atat'.ona.
•;M a. m. ffssdaxs— Toiaalea aal wax
NEW THROUGH CARLINE
¦¦¦ ¦ -^0 ¦
CHICAGO,
VIA
THE RIO GRANDE
WESTERN RAILWAY
AND CONNECTIONS.
LEAVING SAX FRANCI3CO DAILT.
1:13 A. M. aad C.3) P. M.
ESecUv© Febroarr tS. t»0.
Get tsicrsoatioa c* Scutnera PadSa tlekat
azec:s cr
GENERAL OFFICE. H IXsr.tssasery »t-
fIftUFORWA | IMITED
Santa Fe Route
ADVERTI SEMEN TS.
AFRO-AMERICANS DISCUSS
SOUTHERN SUFFRAGE LAWS
Will Institute a Case in Louisiana to
Test the Validity of the Meas
ure Affecting Negroes.
WASHINGTON. Marcn 4.— An impor
tant conference of Afro-Americans was
held here yesterday, at ¦which the test oi
the suffrage law legislation of the South
ern States, especially Louisiana, was
thoroughly discussed. Arsons those pres
ent were T. Thomas Fortune of New
York, chairman of the executive commit
tee of the National Afro-American Coun
cil: Jesse Lawson of New Jersey, chair
man of the sub-executive committee:
Representative White of Nor t -» Carolina,
Thomas" L. Jones of Virginia. W-aam
Calvin Cha?e. editor of the Washington
Bee; Edward E. Cooper, editor of the
Washington Colored American; Daniel
Murray of the Congressional Library.
Professor William R. Richards, dean o£
the law department of Howard Univer
sity: Profeeaor Bruce Evans and others.
The conference was not held under the
auspices of the National Afro-American
Council, but it was decided to indorse the
action of the council in determining to
bring to a rtnal test the constitutionality
of the suffrage clause of the Louisiana
constitution, and a sufficient amount of
money was raised to insure the institution
of a proper case in Louisiana and to see
that it reaches the Supreme Court of the
United States for final adjudication, if
necessary. The test caee will be brought
at once.
COisT MHl'Hi'i (^arra^ Ca»;t).
Peter's Penitence.
Key. E. Nolander, pastor of the First
English Lutheran Church, last night
preached on "Peter's Penitence." In part
he said:
The fall of Peter If a sad story, and w«
search in vain for extenuating circumstance?.
Bring it before any Jury oi tried men and true,
and their verdict would b« "gulltr." ¦without
any recommendation to mercy. The fall was
due primarily to thoughtlessness. This Is a
common lault. We vote the-wron? ticket on
election day for want of thought. We fall
into evil bablts until :h-y bind us as with
adamantine chains for want of thought. An
other cause of his downfall was evil compan
ionship. He stood la the open court araons the
enemies of Jesus and warmed himself by the
fire. Vi'f cannot avoid associating with evil
men. We must mingle with them more or le«s
closely in the street. In business. In society.
But we have no business to warm ourselves at
their fire. Associate with horsethleves, you
will become a horsethSef. Clan with gamblers,
and you will become a frainbler. Go among the
unclean, and you will be unclean. "A com
peslcn of fools shall be destroyed." Peter was
plucked as a brand from the b-jrniag.
CALIFORNIA NDBTDWESTERN £Y. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. F»ot of :.".=rk.et St.
SAN rRANCISCO TO SAN RAJAFT..
WEEK DATS— J:J». »rjO. 11:00 a. m.: liM.
t:Sr. 1:1*. «:» p. m. Tbcrsdars— Extra, trip
at U-J9 d. m. Eaturdaya— Extn trips at l:i«
and 11:23 r>. m.
IL'KDAi>-!:W, »:». II :» a. m.; 1:39 c S.».
i.«. «:50 P. ra.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAT&-«::9. I:S0. »:». U:l» a. =a_: U:tt.
1:40. l:li B. m. SatonUyv— Extra, trips at
1:15 and 6*13 p. m.
EUXDATS— t :IX **c. 11:13 a. m.; 1:49. J:«4. 5:05.
l.t> p. m
Between Eaa Fraadaes a=d Schcctzea Pmrk
tame iche^nl* a> afcov*.
LED BY A LAD
ONLY THIRTEEN
YEARS OF AGE
Converts Flock Forward
After Listening to Words
of Jack Cooke.
He and His Father and Brother Pre
side at a Successful Meeting in
Ho-vrard-Street Methodist
Episcopal Church.
The first of the series of revival service-3
to be held in the Howfrd-street Methodist
Episcopal Church ui/.er the direction cf
the Cooke family was held last evening.
Many more people than the church would
hold tried to gain admittance, but after
the aisles had been filled with people
standing and the halls had been packed
the ushers at the doors turned the lits
comers away.
The center of Interest was little Jack
Cooke. a lad of 13, who preached the ser
mon, answered the questions and brought
a crowd cf people to their knees befcrs
the chancel rail. All over the house peo
ple stood up, some to give testimony, of
their certain salvation, some to ask fo.
prayers and some to announce that they
would try to lead better lives in the fu
ture.
The young evangelist is a rapid, force
ful speaker. His words are well chosen
and clearly uttered. He never hesitates
for a phrase or expression, and altogether
he Is a wonder on the platform. He iias
all the ease and self-possession of a vet
eran speaker, and already he seems to
have caught the knack of Interesting an
audience and swaying it to his will.
The services will be held every night
this week at T:S) o'clock. Henry Cooke.
the father, presides at the meetings; J.
Haydn Cooke. his older son. leads the
singing, and Jack Cooke. the preacher
lad, answers the questions of the doubt
ful and preaches the sermon. They are
all from Manchester, England.
DRINK-CRAZED MAN
TRIES TO END LIFE
Wealthy Young Traveler Hacks His
Throat and Wrists With
a Razor. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. March 4.
With his throat gashed to the windpipe
and both wrists nearly severed by self
inflicted wounds. Ethtlbert F. Smith, a
scion of one of the wealthiest families of
New York City, was found wandering
about Wtst Oakland early this morning.
The young man was drenched to the
skin, having been exposed to last night's
storm, and was half craxed from the ef
fects-of a long drinking bout. He was so
weak from the severe hemorrhage from
the ugly cut? that by the time the police
ambulance had taken him to the Receiv
ing Hospital the demented wayfarer was
In a state of extreme collapse. The sur
geons with difficulty dressed his wounds.
for the patient was very violent.
After he was placed in a ward. Smith
gave battle to Hospital Steward Borchert
and made desperate efforts to tear the
futures and bandages from the cuts.
That he survived the insane attempts to
end his life was considered by the hos
pital attendants as remarkable.
Young Smith's efforts at suicide are the
result of his condition, bordering on in
sanity, which is the culmination of sev
eral "years of hard drinking. For two
vears'he had been with reiatlves in Japan,
where a brother-in-law. John Taylor, has
extensive importing interests at Kobe and
Nagasaki. Smith left Kobe on February
a, arriving here on the America Maru.
KAJXBOAJD TBAVTX.
vis:r OR- JORDAN'S grut { i
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
Qk iKi¥«m?sr.tr..fciiT.*.s.r.ca. ) '
Hr^ Tke Larg«tA.M«o«ie»lMa*rßaiiatte
W'or 3 VI tumti cr ijy c : r.:r»cr: d i
i^V OP.. JORCAH-PBIVATE DISEASES 4
I lS«f " r " " s "' p^^c^iiy «b T lt~rr. A 5
¦ nr £» fa frM tV-»«ti'ryu«uEJti:»«'». T
III I / ill • WnefcrBmk.PIILOHUPBY«ri
I j IT S4HBUGE, n*u.aa rass. i.vf
Ji, nixjiir bcoc fcr dt>| \
f»B JORDAN A CO.. K»I Market 5t.. 9. F. V
WITH the close of the season of fleld shooting the men
who are experts at the traps have taken up that pas
time with vigor. On all sides are heard predictions
that this will be the banner year for the gunmen on
this coast. The season was inaugurated yesterday on the
grounds of the San Francisco Trapshooting Association, In
gleslde. Many veterans were present, although all did not
participate in the shooting. Among the well-known gunmen
were J. K. Orr, Ed. Fay, "Johnny" Coleman. Otto Feudner,
A. M. Shields. "Pop" Verr.on, Edgar Fomer, Fred Feud
ner, A. T. Derby. I. R. D. Grubb. Herbert Ku'.lman. R.
Llddle, Henry Justlns and others. The members of the Cali
fornia Wing Shooting Club, who use only live birds, yester
day held the first of their meetings, which will extend over
the r.ext seven months. Otto Feudner started well, grassing
all his birds in clever fashion. A. M. Shields was unfortun
ate In some of his birds and just missed having a clean
score.
After the live bird shoot the "bluerock" grounds were
thrown open to the shooters. Edgar Forsier showed himself
in form by smashing M of the clay disks "without a miss.
Lugee broke 20 straight: Wilson, 3S out cf 40; Zeimer, Ti out
of 30. Among the others who shot for practice were: Jack-
Eon, Westover, Wagner. Reilly. Rickie. Clausen. Fuller.
Sweeny. Jansen, Sage, Fllckinger, Esfeldt, Brockbank and
Schrocder. A strong wind interfered with the shooters and
made it difficult to run up a big score unless the man was an
unusually good shot.
The greatest opportunity ever offered in San Francisco to
procure the Best Works of Modern Masters at purchaser's prices.
Sale commences at 8 o'clock Monday Evening, March sth,
and continuing during the week.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
AUTOMOBILES SPEED
THROUGH THE PARK
Autcrnobiie cwr.ers mace a good start
yesterday toward taking full advantage
cf th« criinar.ee passed by the Park
Ccsimissicnere. r-errnittirig them to run
their horse-scarir.g machines on the
tOßtfa drive frtm the Waller-street en
trance of the park to the beach. Half
b. <Ioz»n cf the machines, of as isany dif
ferent rr.»X'-.-. spun alcr.g the road, but
a* the ordinance limits the fp*e<i to eight
rrilles an hour, there was no racing. It
Is expected that n«xt Sundaj- will se*
erery autcmobi'.e in the city on the drive
and a few weeks hence the number is
lik»!y to be greatly augmented by East
ern rr.an'df&.eturers' machines, as doubt
less they will take advantage of the leg
i>'.aticn in their favcr.
Following s.re tfte results of the con
testa at S-tros Baths.
XsvKOOtaf daeh — P. Lonberr, irst; H.
Antxcan* <iasi— TT. Tlillaxe, nr«t: H. Lie
!>"!<i-.. »eccnd.
T-ub rfcc*— J VTar.b*ll. first; P. Lusiwrr. »«
cr.-i. S. Carron, thirf.
lligi. div^^ for boyf— J. O'Srlea. nrst prlre;
S. Cirtcll. t^ccEii prize.
Tr:ck aai rarcj- iivi^c— S. Cirrc'.U irst; H.
I- - tec. tecc^i-
Underwater »»lnuula« ccttest— H. Jackson
fin;; W, 6hsobcs^ second.
Business Men's Lenten Services
During the Ler.tcr. seasor. there will be
Fcn-ic^s da:?y Saturdays exempted) ai the
Chamber oi Commerce, commencing to
cay. Tfccs« f=erv:c»s have be«n arranged
especially for the business men. and will
irf-g;n tt" -2:li o'clock p. m. find ca&tflßn
for twenty tnir.utes. The addresses will
i* by Bey. Frederick W. Clampett. recvor
of TiteltT Church. A feature oi the ser
vices v.U2 be "hearty music."
Germans Issue an Appeal.
PITTSBURG. Pa.. March 4.— The Amer
scan-Gtman Lacgue of Western Pennsyl
varJa. represer.f.ng an aggregate of 29/XO
members, to-day adopted a petition urg
ir.g the G<.verr.ment to use Its friendly of
fLcts to Lrfcg about a cessation of hostili
ties between Great Britain and the South
African republics, and it was resolved that
til Boer sympathizers throughout the land
le invite-d to co-operate In ser.ding a gen
eral appeal to Washington. A form of
X-etitlon to President McKlnley was drait
<i. coptea of which can b« secured by all
«rbo wish by addressir.s Secretary Max
Kumiker cf Pi its burg.
m
Prisoners Try to Escape.
CAPE TOWN, March 4.— lt is reported
that the Boer prisoners, while on the way
iron Paardeberg. unsuccessfully attempt
ed to eseajv? from the train. Eleven hun
dred of Crorje's men have been placed
temporarily on board the British steam
ers McngeUan ar.d Manila, in Table Bay.
Rhodes to Sail for England.
CAPE TOWN. March 4.— Cecil Rhodes is
h«rre and expects to sail for England on
Wednesday.
CAPE NOME
MACmNERVjin£ SUPPLIES.
-, AMALGAM ATOVST
FATE GOLD— Krcch V^r. Co.. » EtevrawE
ft. Arr^iganvatora. i^and Centrifcgai Pusps.
CEMRIFLGAL AMALGAMATORS.
FAVES f.^e zzli. la <tal!r operation at VA
Dgal* tt.. gaa Frtrclaco.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
vr^-fRTZ Improved Gold Separator & Rotary
Amalgamator en exhibition. O gterenacn gt.
GASOLINE ENOINES.
•tr-nr-ri r£ GIS ENGINE WORKS la £l!!=g
!arr* -Sntera ci crten for Nome. Hl-14J '
r-m >t.. S. F-
GOLt> SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Farlnr Machlr.e. S3 Fol-
, -a a-.reet. Oriental C« Encir.e Coagt=r.
O'LS.
T TmTrATTVi"; Oil Cro^e Oil a.ad Gasollr:*.
" PLATES FOP SAVING GOL*>.
F^, fl lHa & B-jTT-.ig*. S Hardle p!ac-, cS
Kearrr. U^l-K^n fux'.T and Bn*h »tre«t«.
popr*BLe houses.
ET-P-VHASI-STANDEFOBD CO W«h!=*ton
tr.i 1« cts.. OakUcd. cr BaUdera* Ex.. S. F.
«A\n CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
titm at t3 fc'txth ft BIRON JACKSON. ,
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
F.:rp> freeh rr »:t water fOJ »'.ulc* box*.;
h'a-a ihr lo* Hft>. «?:g»oc<;». 3 Market tt.
DPECGIN3 PUMPS •
OJI. Cttolis*. St'sro Hnlnt*. C*r.trlfnr£lPus-.p«.
ErJttney AnAl'eT*.ll«T.a>Xtarh.'V\lca.. «3 Fremont.
Tumps and gasoline fngines.
i>l kir.d* of Pa«rr» and Ga»o!!ne Enßlnea. ;
VTOOMN & LITTLE. £12 Market tt.. S. F. ,
~ ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
UAXER A- HAMILTON. F.r.jrlnes a=d Brfjert; j
'.swtAt t,r-.<.« vn :he «x>a»t. I'lne & Davla tta. j
TEXTS AND i OVERS.
NEVILLE 4 CO.. raacufactsren. ta*a, tenu.
' «>rer.. II and a Ca::?ornla «t.
¦ — *"^— * *** *^"^^~***^"^ I
Bad way*s i
II PiSls
purely res^ble. niHd aad reliable. C*o»e
r-erfVct di*e*Ucn. eeffipleta abaorptloa and
Sr^/tj «l«»^er. or the Stea^
I sv« Itomel* KMney*. Bladder. Femai. Ir-
the very evident reason that such a
union of these two departments would
give the telegraphers absolute control of
the situation in the event of a lockout
cr a strike. With the key men and the
tower operators combined they could dely
the raiiroad company to move a single
train out of Its numerous terminal sta
tions, every one of which is under control
cf the block system of switches.
Since the strike of ISS4 the tower men
and block signal men have not been or
ganized.
Every means has been taken by the
Southern Pacinc Company to weaken the
influence of the employes' organizations,
which slowly were reinvifcorated after the
strike. The old brotherhoods and orders,
dormant for to long, have not been ag
gressive until very recently. Their new
life has been manifested, nowever. in a
sudden and apparently determined light,
which has been opened against the pro
j>osea "reiitf insurance auntzne," launch
ed by the company March 1.
The Southern I'aciiic employes are up !n
arms against the plan. There is not a
single nu»n m tne employ of the Southern
Pacific company who will be affected by
this iMurance proposition who dees not
believe that one ol the prime reasons for
Jts Inauguration is to weaken the frater
nal organizations the men themselves
have for years conducted. AH of the great
railroad Drotnerhoods have an insurance
plan which is the very foundation of the
organization. Built upon this are the
many other Leneadary projects which
hold the men together, chief of which is
the ability to pr«rsect their various griev
ances and troubles solidly before the man
agement of the company.
With ihis situation confronting the men
and the officials there Is extraordinary
significance attached to the proposed re
habilitation of the telegraphers' order
upon the broader lines wnich have beci.
suggested.
That the move had not been underlain
tion of this relief department plan has
created. With the union of telegraphers
and towermen the company would find
an order which would have absolute con
trol of the situation in the event of trou
ble. The block signal men occupy most
responsible positions. A slight error on
their part might cause most disastrous
wrecks. But neither the towermen nor
the telecraphers have anything to gain
by the company's insurance bureau, be
cause to realize the full benefit from it a
man must be killed in the discharge of
duty. There is little risk of life In either
gosition. Of course a towerman might
c electrocuted at his switchboard, but
that is only a remote possibility. Other
wise he takes no risks, and the telegraph
ers have even less hazard In their places."
- The preliminary steps for a mass
meeting ot the representatives of the
various railroad brotherhoods to dis
cuss and protest against the pro
posed Southern Pacitlc relief bureau
department, was taken in West Oakland
this evening at the regular annual meet
ing of the West Oakland division of the
Order of Railway Conductors, and after
listening to the regular reports of the offi
cers the division indulged in a general dis
cussion of the proposed relief bureau
scheme and the effect that it might have
upon the brotherhoods in general and the
Brotherhood of Railway Conductors in
particular.
That the conductors regard the matter
with suspicion is evidenced by the fact
that they discussed the proposed mass
meeting to protest against the bureau,
and by a unanimous vot<> of the division
th? president was authorized to appoint
a committee of five members to consult
with likeicommittees to be appointed from
the other brotherhoods, these committees
to use their judgment in regard to iht
form that the proposed mass meeting of
protest shall take.
YVETTE GUILBERT
HAS A NARROW ESCAPE
PARIS. March 4.— Mile. Yvette Guil
bert narrowly escapea o*»ing burned alive
while asleep in an invalid's chair. The
curtain of her apartment In the Avenue
de Villiers caught fire. Choked with
smoke, she awakened and called for help,
being unable 10 walk alone, as she is
only now recovering from the effects of
the recent operation for the extirpation
of her right kidney. "
Alarmed by the cries, her attendants
rushed in and removed her to a place of
safety, after which the fire was extin
guished.
Postoffice May Be All Granite.
Sp«-lal Ditnatch to Tne Call.
WASHINGTON. March 4-Representa
tive Kahn has called on the supervising
architect of the treasury in reference to
the new postofflce building at San Fran
cisco. Mr. Kahn was assured that If the
contractors will furnish granite for the
roof at the same flgure3 they are now
furnishing it for the superstructure the
plans will be modified so that the entire
attic will be built of granite instead of
glazed brick, as Is at present contempla
ted. Mr. Kahn will communicate with
the contractors at once.
.
Mayor Johnson Resigns.
Special Diypmtch to The Ca.!L
MONTEREY. March 4.— R. F. John
son. Mayor of this city, has resigned his
municipal office, his resignation, which
was presented to the Board of City
Trustees at their last regular meeting,
Fnuay night, to take effect at once. This
action comes as a surprise to the towns
people, and it is stated that it is likely
no action toward appointing a successor
will be taken until after the coming mu
nicipal election, when the new Board of
Trustees will meet and elect its president,
who will then be Mayor.
. before this is due to the fact that only
; within a very short time was th<r discov- j
' cry made that the constitution of the tel- I
; trgraphers' union was broad enough to in- I
'. elude the block signal men. That this j
'¦ ihculd be brought to light at this time is i
: another evidence of the unrest which ex- I
I lsts among the railroad employes. It is a ¦
! strong indication that they are reachinj* j
j out to strengthen th^ir lines and to make j
: a eland against encroachments upon what )
j many of them opf nly assert are their per- j
toral rights.
I The block signal men are not loth to j
' accept the proffered hand* of the teleg- |
j raphers. To be taken into a union of that i
character would, they assert, greatly im- j
prove their opportunities and would give I
them a standing they have not had with
the company when they made efforts to
adjust their grievances. There are paid
] to be from two hundred to three hundred
i j-icnal men in the company's employ.
i While unorganized they would not give the
i railroad any cause for special considera
tion, their affiliations with the telegraph
ers would mean, they assert, immediate
recognition as an important factor in the
settlement of grievances. Speaking of the
movement toward amalgamation with the
tel'irrapher*. a towerman said to-<lay:
•¦Both sides can rain materially by the
union of forces. It seems to be in the
air Just now. Railroad men are very
much wrought up- over the Insurance
scheme, and I suppose this proposed
amalgamation has been on# outcome of
the noticeable unrest which th* Dromul*a-
No Marks of Violence.
SANTA ROSA. March 4.— The post
mortem examination of the remains of
Mrs. Barney McNamara, which was
found floating in a well on the McNamara
place Friday, was completed this morning
ny Drs. 8. 8. Bogle. P. A. Meneray and
Coroner J. G. Pierce. No evidence of vio
ler.ee or foul play could be discovered,
and while several suspicious circum
stances yet remain to be investigated, the
general opinion is that little will come of
it and the tragic death will always re
main a mystery.
Drowned in the Niagara.
BUFFALO, N. V., March «.— Scarcely a
doubt remain? that the man whose cries
for help were heard coming from the
Niagara River last evening vas Ashton
Smith. 27 years old. son of Rev. Henry
Ashton Smith, rector of St. Paul's Epis
copal Church at Fort Erie. Onu Young
Smith left for Fort Erie In a rickety boat
at S o'clock last night and attempted to
row across the swift current of the Niag
ara to Buffalo on an important errand for
a friend. He has not been seen since.
Cruiser Breaks Her Shaft.
NASSAU. New Providence. March 4.—
The British second-class cruiser Hermer
is reported .off Cat - Island. 4 ln the : Ba
hamas, with her shaft broken. ~ ¦?
THE
Gump Collection
OF EUROPEAN
PAINTINGS
AUCTION
Now on Free Exhibition Day and Evening at
NATIVE SONS' HALL .... 414 MASON STREET
OLYMPIC GUN CLUB MEMBERS
OPEN TRAP-SHOOTING SEASON
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1900.
gSsfP^ ment we are proud j
BL^V^^ ASK TOUR GROCER. ¦
U^^Htar' D- QHI3AEDZLLI CO. 1
MtTHER!! I'AViTtC COJIFAST.
(rtcinc <t*iem.>
Trattna irmv* »»H »r»> -tie I* »rrl«« »•
•.*> I'llt.X IH« «».
(Mi's lice. Foos ef Jiarke: Smet.)
LSATS — F»OIC TTMZVXJtJ J3. 1381 — *a»JT«
•T^** BenfcU. Snisan. Ehaii*. TaearSl*,
Himtej aad sacraacato *7»«9r
•THKia Shwii Expies*-DttTia, WEJow*.
Ee-l Elui PtrtUod *7543r
•T:»«a Jlarth»e».!s»aßaß»oo.Vaßeio. Kafa,
CilUuji ao>l S»ai* Eon •«»iar
•»-.5«4 Tho Oral+mX Uait«J— Oplea. Deo-
¦»rr. OxiiA. t"hlc»r» — • # 3«13»
•••»•» San Jom. LtTcroMire. Stockton.
lone -*er»Ft«r.t.-». HtvoLe,
M«a«r>. Chfcsn. KetlOla-T HH3r
••i3i» « •Milton. <>a'*<Ule. fcoccra. Cartera... »-lil»P
N:-w« H»Tw*rU, Mtr» and W»y Stationa. M IrtJ*
•9.-<Mi Darls. WoctHard. Ksfgbta Laaillsc.
Wirj»ri!l«.C>r<»*Ue. \-zi— !2ii? F
•9r«*K Atiaatl« r.ipnta— Ojdea aad Ea«t *»>43a
•O:OO a M«rU*««. Tr»er. Lataroß Stockuo. ¦•'¦~
UtrenttDtl Kifoa. *13t13p
• J.tt" » Ten Costv Vrrsoo. JlcJ»»* aa.l Jcj
Alitei" ~ ****3T
• 1 0;0o » Vaik Jo. MarUaea aad tTay Stations ••HI3P
•|l:OOt Nil..-*. LlT^raiore. btocktcn. tacra-
criibfc. Mcu-lsAi. Uislord, Vla&Ua.
V.nrrrUJo — • Ms"*
•>2:O«H llar».rJa.Xlleaa»lWajSt*aoca. •»>«»
flr«H»r (>iet*a«niU*i:it«rt>te«»>«» . 1* ! ®*»
*Si«Op Ha;«UM, Nnca aaJ Waj Stattesa. •»!*»*
¦l:uurMu:i«-7, t^xn lUaion. V^ie.'a.
N^i'v t-<;;.i,-j». s*iit» rv«» •»«i»a
•l.nor Urtxid*. Tmiillt, bMtwnl^
Uou>i:»r»l. Knbkti LaaJJot.
M«rr»»iar. Oro»C^. •••:43a
•It3«r sDaa.HanJc«eaj«lStofttoa *?it3p
•.->:OOi-TI^ Owl Ualtad— Tracy. Fresaa m
Bikirs2eitLBaa;mfcxS>»Bt»Ba»-
trtLi-isKA v_. "!•»*»*
o3:OOr Sctstt Ltcited— El Txs\ >ew Ox-
iVwii=-!t»si • I 5!f? A
<.i:lOr St«:VU)o. 4lriK.i. Krxito MXslJ*
•r,:::»r Kimuh luiiem>»><l. Santa i:»rl«ia,
Im Astrka. Jteairt EJ raao,
Xew Orle»ii tad East. •»*••¦»*
•.liSor H*ntt »"» l^nte— Ath»iit!« Eipreaa
for il».Ht» ami Km* *«»43p
•3sO«pH»»war«la,Ni:<ia»lSan Joaa
?«:Sf»r V»'.»»> M»iia»
•6>sororienul Slifl-Og^ea. Cbereaae.
O-E»il, Ciuct^o *»»43a
•«:"»? Oric^il M'Ji— Cr-isa. Detftr.
O=iix Chicuta. «4st3p
•7:OOp VaIUK JVi* fur.U ami TTaj CU-
li .:.» _ J*i33r
-i-"3r flmaa acd C«!if n:» l.»i •• —
> ti.-.ru:.>. ?li«}iri::--. I;- ;. '•: ;.
¦"»:!.¦»« >otrT»i.ic.:-ia Jo»e,F»ltoo.
Uon'ilex Cn ek..Sam aCruzaaJ Wa j
Rtatlotiff. .... ¦•¦..« •¦¦.......-.*.. *3*Sajy
|Ssl3r S«wark. Unsterrillev San Jtso. I»ew
AluaJes, >'tllon. IJonMer •^r^et,
Hia^« Crux awl I'rlacipal Waf
K»»tk»« fie*l«*
•tsl^r Ne»irk.s»n Jn»e, LtnGatos. •»!*•*,
11:1^1- U^n-trs* Fimrii-n. £aa Jcaa aad
T7«y ."aitrn I~i2*r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
<mj sts wzasa^-tm* »f *!»r..: iL-rtu»-i» ii—
•;:U S4o n.wi.B. tta tai J3::s
•i:C3 tZ£3 •:^3r.«.
ra.iitnii>— r»«i • # ir»»(S»i.».— *e^so ?^> is I*)!.*.1 *)!.*.
tlTi: •!::: t:i3 i 3:^ ttJ3 'Z^r.a.
n««.
f\T
7
TOWER MEN TO
COMBINE WITH
TELEGRAPHERS
Secret Steps Taken by
Southern Pacific Signal
Operators.
?
Significant Move Which Gives the
Block System Handlers a Strong
Position in Case of
. Trouble.
— . —
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1115 Broadway. March 4.
One of the most important and signifi
cant moves made by Southern Pacific em
ployes since the dissolution of the Amer
ican Railway Union has been disclosed in
the overtures which are being made by
the Order of Railway Telegraphers to
draw Into their organization all of the
tower and block system operators in the
railroad employ.
The negotiations are being conducted
with great secrecy, as the men fear that
the railroad officials win try to put ob
stacle? in the way of the proposed amal
gamation. The railroad men realize the
immense importance of the project, forSUNNY cottage of 4- rooms and ¦¦ bath; -large
yard. Apply at 2506 Howard, bet. 24th & 25th.
6-KOOM ccttage: 2J% Morris aye.. bet. Harrl-
eon and Bryant, nr. Ctb; key next door, N0. 23.
CHAMBERMAID at 52 Second. St.; one with
. t city references preferred. Call after 8 o'clock.
TAILORESS and ' operators on custom" coats.
' 935 Market St.. room 16. . •
WANTED— Competent : girl for housework I and
cooking; i wages $20. • 1548 McAllister st. /
YOUNO girl t for : general housework; at ¦ 101*
Geary, at. ¦•¦: := ;-:-•-; ¦«:"¦'¦ *-"'-r.-" .-•'-"-¦-"¦ '-?•
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 6 rooms, bath, large yard. 1917
Point Lobos aye., near Ninth.
NO. 22 Elliott Park, north aide, ofT Stelner. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell; 2-story cottage,
6 rooms and bath; rent $18. . •
He BARBER ahop across the bay; good wages
; year round. tsTOLTZ. 630 Market at. . - .•. .;
GET your shoes half-soled ; while watting: 25c
SEVERAL boys wanted at the rope works. In-
quire at the factory, Potrero. : • '. -¦ j '
BARBERS— Complete 3-chalr outfit at a bar-
gain. 911 Larkin St. •
SOBER and steady waiter for lunch counter:
. wages - $25 - per - month and found to begin
with. Address Reception, AA'adsworth. Nev.
15c : BARBER shop; .3; chairs; 4 living rooms;
cash or Installments; cheap. STOLTZ, 630
FIRST-CLASS laundress would like . wash to
KNABE pianos: new acale; new styles, KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
Si HIGIf-GRADE new uprights stored with
us from factory will b« sold at factory prices
on Installments or cheap for cash. AYIL-
SON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
IN first-class condition— Martin rultar. Wash-
burn mandolin and lady's one-karat aolltaira
diamond rlnc: will sell for one-third th*Jr
actual cost. Room 1O1«. Call bids., tenth floor.
LARGE stock of BalJwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced tr> Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
A— s."'>: FINE piano in good condition: $300 up-
right sacrificed; owner going East. Room 10.
Flood building. i
AN upright piano, as good a* new. for saia
cheap; owner going East. 2313 Sixteenth st.
3 SMALL uprights. $36 to $125; store open even-
Ings. HEINE PIANO CO.. 136 Ellis st.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer planoa. Spencer
Warerooms. ISIS Market at.
DON'T buy: rent a new pinno. $3 per month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. S6O Hayes at.
AA'ANTED— 4 good square pianos at BY RON
MAUZY'S piano warerooms, 3CS Post St.
SELL fcr storage— 2 uprights. $73: very flna
Stein way. $125. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
W-O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davla pla.no*.
WANTED-Nurseglrl. Call at 2527 Pine st
BOY wanted to work In blacksmith and horse-
shoeing shop. 1718 Fillmore st. .
AVOMAN wishes situation In ¦ restaurant to
assist in kitchen or lunch work. Call 572
O-Farrell st. ,
cook for men In the country; no objection to
logging or mining camp. Call or address 517
Ninth St.. Oakland. - ?
SECOND cook, $6 60 week and room; waiter, $6
week. 206 McAllister Bt.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLEIt & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th*
customer.
AVANTED— Neat competent woman for per-
manent position In small store. Box 3966. Call.
YOUNG respectable girl for general housework
In a small family; references. 2405 AVebster.
FOR Sonoma— Wanted, a cook, $20, and second
girl. $15. Apply at 2210 Central aye.
ARE you In need of a piano? We have a larg-*
assortment of new and second-hand pianos of
the best makers; sold for caah or very easy
payments; $6 down and $« per month for an
eln;ant new upright: some good pianos for
$3 $1 and $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO Steinway dealera. cor. Sutter and
Kearny ato.. San Francisco: cor. Thirteenth,
and Broadway. Oakland.
LOST— S3 reward; lady's chatelaine baa; contain-
ing bunch of keys. etc. Return ¦to BLUN-
DEN'S U. S. Restaurant. 1055 Market st.
LOST— Lady's open-facs ' gold watch; reward.
113 Cedar aye., off A'an Ness.
LOST— AA'III gentleman who picked up a lady's
gold watch and fob at narrow-gauga station
Fourteenth and Franklin sts.. 10:45 a. m.
Please return It to PHILLIPS & WALKER
61S Eleventh st.. Oakland? Reward. %
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of MARY C. WALWORTH. No
94-31 S. The finder will please return to bank
FEBRUARY 25, fob and locket: diamond Bet-
ting: initials H. K. II.; $15 reward; no ques-
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRi"j^ 'j~ WHITNEY," 1104 llarket ; tranceT
test, business medium; life reader; also medi-
cal clairvoyant: stamp for circular: sittings JL
MME. A. CERA'ANTES. the celebrated Spanish
foninte teller: gives best advice In difficult
matters. Removed to 19 Fulton st., nr. Larkin.
CLAIRA'OYANT, card readerand palmist: all you
ceektoknowanswered without questions; read-
ings this week 25c and 60c. 942 Mission St.
MEDA HOSKINS. 1423 Mkt.. bet. 10th & 11th;
dr. Tues. 8 p. m..Thur. 2 p. m.. 25c; sit. daily.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 2ic; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MRS. ROBINSON. 1646 Market st., opp. Tenth:
sittings dally; cir. Monday eve.. Fri. 2 p. m.
MMH. MOREAU, the best medium and card
r»ader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HANSON— Palmistry. 10c; card reader:
past, present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth, room 12.
CATHERINE DEANE, scientific life and card
reader. 959 Howard St., cor. Sixth, office 23.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh ?t. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings 25c.
EDAVARD EARLE. Independent slate writer,
330 Ellis tt. ; circle Sun. and AVed. evenings.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212V4 Sixth Et.
TOUR future told by cards, 25c 844 Howard
at.. 10 a m. to 10 p. m.
MRS. ELLlS— Tests to all: circle Tues.. Frt., J
p. m.: Men.. 8: 25c; sittings 11. 233 Valencia,
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 911 O'Farrell st.
A AVEFK'S news for 5 cents. The AVeekly Call.
It pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
COLLECTION OFFICE S.
GEORGE \A\ KELLY'S Agency Pno charge un-
1e»» tucceisTful. Room 310. 927 Market at.
GOOD coatmakers, also rapid basters. to work
inside by the day or piece: steady work and
good pay. Apply to S. N. AA'OOD. 713 Market.
WANTED— Steady man, satisfied with $15 to
$1S per week, to assist In light work; small
capital required. 1016 Market St., room 10.
AA'ANTED — Ex-Spanish soldiers of good ad-
dress: good pay to the right men. Apply
GEORGE PATTISON, 630 Market st. .
LOANS ON PERSONAL PROPERTY.
LOANS to salaried people;, personal security
only. TOUSLET. 321 Parrott building.
DRESSMAKER would like a few more engage-
ments by the day, $1 60; will take work home;
perfect* fit guaranteed. Address The Furrier,
238 Ellis st.
COOK. 2 in family, $25; second girl, $20; board-
ing house cook, $25: ranch cook, $25; house
girl. Oakland. 425; DO housework girls, city,
$25 and $20; waitress, institution. $15 to $20;
nurse girl. $12; mother and daughter. $40,
short distance. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
GIRL for general housework, and cooking;
small family; references; wages $20; Monday.
11 to 3. 2306 AVashlngton St.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: bo
commission; private. LICK. 118 McAllister.
IF your property is mortgaged and you neeit
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market «t.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 356 Parrott bufld-
Ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
'O salaried men. without collateral or lndorsers
other propositions: private roomm, San Frat>-
cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FOR sale — Furniture of 3 housekeeping rooms:
bargain: nicely furnished; rent whole house
If desired. 309 Hyde, from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
SUNNY S-room furnished house. 1198 Stanyan
Bt.. cor. Rlvoll.
GERMAN woman wishes to do light housework;
$10 to $12. MRS. NORTON; 313 Sutter St.
SWEDISH girl, good cook and houseworker;
city or country. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
AN English middle-aged woman, with ¦ good
references, wishes place In a small family;
good cook; $15 to $20. Mrs. Norton, 313 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS housekeeper; will go by the
day or week; Is a fine laundress: can do any
kind of work: Is strong and willing;- would
MiKage now; $1 and car fare. Pleass call 78
Third st.. The Eagle, room 6.
SPIRITUALISM.
AT 126 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
>N furniture and pianos without removal : quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. RoomS
63 and 69. Donohoo building, 1170 Market st.
CASH loaned to salaried peopla on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bulldtss.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.i
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion, best city references, city or' country;
first-class laundress wants a position, city or
country; 2 competent French girls want posi-
tions to do second work; young colored elrl
wnnts to assist in housework; neat young girl
wants 1 place to assist and sleep home.. At
MISS H. CULLINAN'S Employment Bureau.
523 Sutter St.; phone Main 651.
NOTICE— AY. D. EAVER & CO.. In company
with R. T. AVARD & CO.. the old and re-
liable employment agents, at 610 Clay st.,
want a number of men for all kinds of work,
city and country and going wages: we guar-
antee every position; we offer and will repay
office fee and fares, both ways, to any one
not offered work where we send him; no
other employment agency gives this guaran-
tee: come and see us before going to unre-
Uable agents. AY. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
AA'ANTKD— A foreman for a wood working es-
tablishment making sash, doors, steamer
cabin and all other classes of Interior finish;
must be a young or middle-aged man. ener-
getic, a good manager of men, competent to
lay out work from drawings and take entire
charge of Its manufacture and erection at low
cost: this will be steady employment In the
city of Seattle for the right person, and only
those having the above qualifications In the
highest degree need apply, stating age. mar-
ried or single, time employed and class of
work most familiar with, firms employed by
and any other references, compensation ex-
pected as a monthly salary. Address Poat-
offioe box 319, Seattle. AA'ash.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
HOUSE of 5 rooms 2309 Polk St.; rent,' Includ-
ing water. $IS.
tOO PAIRS drummers' sample shoes at manu-
facturer's cost. J. Kohlbecher. 145 Fourth st.
HEM* WANTED— AGENTS.
LADlES— Agents; something new. 602 Geary
st., Ban Francisco.
UELI> WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT ISS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses, Fresno, $20; 2 waitresses. Wood-
land. $20; waitress. Monterey, and laundress,
plain work, same place, $20 each; 2 waitresses,
water resort. $20, free fare; 4 waitresses, city,
$20; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20;. 2 chamber-
maids. $1S nnd $20; salesladies for candy store,
$6 and $7 week, no office fee.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Swedish or German housekeeper, $15; house-
girl, mining town, $15: cook. Newcastle, $20,
Bee party here; houseglrl, Stanislaus County.
$25 to $30. see party here; cooks, Alameda and
San Rafael, $25; cooks, houseglrle, second
girls. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 AA'AITRESSES, hotel, south. $20 and fare;
waitress, hotel, north, $20 and fare. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
10 TEAMSTERS for Bradley, Monterey Co.;
free fare: apply to-day. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
BOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
CHILDREN'S shoes, neat and good, special.. 6sc
Ladles' lace or button shoes, special $1 00
f'j pair tren'a Fboes all sizes, special $1 U
Peop!e« Shoe Store. 1333 Stockton, nr. Br*dWy.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.
O'FARRELL. 131 A— Completely furnished lodg-
ing-house. Apply on premises.
6 PER cent and up on second mortgages, un-
divided Interests, estates and claims in pro-
bate and monthly rents. A. M. SPECK &
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. 11.
STEA'ENS. mgr.. 36-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
BOOKS — SEW AND OLD.
CCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes TWik fo.. Tf4 Mission St.. near Third.
65 ROOMS— Modern: handsomely furnished;
downtown; paying handsomely: must be sold;
bargain. Address box 3957. Call.
2S MINNA St.: lodglnar-house for sale; 21
rooms; all furnished: best location In city for
workingmen; $300; rent cheap.
$200—11 ROOMS; near Market; all rented;
must sell. BASILE. 3 Eddy St.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese, Chinese employment
office: best help fur.: cooks, waiters, etc.
Chas. Aramorl, 806',i Stockton; tel. John 2121.
ORPIIEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help 414>* O'Farrell «t.: tel. East 426.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, bugtrles, carts. & har-
ness, wk & driving horses, l.th and A'alencia.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— CoupIe without children would like
child, pleasant disposition, to board: age 2 to
6 years; terir.s reasonable. Box 3947, Call.
CHILD to board; good home; private schooling;
music: terms. $12 to $15. Address A. B. C.
bcx 2525. Call office.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board In G«nnan
family: best care. 439 Minna St.
BIG bargain; 23 rooms, all housekeeping: full
and paying; cheap rent: genuine snap. Pacific
States Realty Co.. 855 Market at., room 320.
$250— FOR 10 rooms: all housekeeping.
$175 — Fcr 9-room house: rent $9.
$100— For 7-room house. Apply 79 Third st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. .
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic M-rvants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
A LOT of B'lsfan hares, registered and stand-
ard bred; cheap on account of removal; also
runt and hom«r pigeons. 1812 AVoolsey et..
rear Grove. Lorln station, Berkeley.
BFLGIAN hares, thoroughbred pedigreed, from
the t«»Et Mrains in America. MAX STREI-
CHER. 1310 EL 27th St.. Los Angeles, Cal.
FiJATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
BIRCH AYE., 6—l6 — I rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished. 1
AVANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. AVHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
SCRAP Iron and machinery bought. San Fru-
fiwo Iron Yard. 204 Mission st.
LAW BOOKS (second hand) bought and sold at
REUBEN'S. 420 Montgomery St.. upstairs.
L. S. CLARK. F.mma gpreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket »t.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
DANCING ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
l>riv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing: Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, crammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1C24 Mission, nr. 6th.
CIVIL service coaching: day, evening. San
Francisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To buy singing canaries. Aagora
cats, black and tan toys, white poodles. Japa-
nese pugs, fox terriers and spitz pups, rln?
doves, white rabbits, guinea pigs or any sal-
able stock. 411 Kearny St.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NINETEENTH. 3950, near Noe— Lovely sunny
lower 6-room flat, with room on porch; $13;
water free.
LADY wants partner: established paying busi-
ness: will bear Inves-tieration. Box 3333. Call.
J3oo— HOME bakery; portable oven; 7 barrels
weekly. 331 Sixth St.. liquor store.
15 HEAD horses, work and driving: 1 span
small mules; 1 single-footed saddle horse. J.
H. DUTCHER. Llvermore.
FOX TERRIER pupa (thoroughbred) for aale;
reasonable. 2721 Sutter St.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers: plated;
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission St.. near lath.
DR. CREELTS C. P. mange cure: by all drug*
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ay».
WANTED— City property In exchange for mod-
ern cottage with large lot near Sixtieth and
Grove sts.. Oakland. Address box 2717, Call
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new SO-page catalogue free.
BOOKKEEPING as it is done; superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building. .
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
SALOON wanted by a cash customer; must be
located in the tenderloin district. Address
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flra and bur-
glar proof safe. 218 California st.
A O. H. DIA'ISION No. 2— The regular »^*^>
monthly meeting of this division will \A\\J
be held at Hibemla Hall. 120 Ninth Sfc^S
et.. on TUESDAY March 6. at ?-30c£\ge
p. m. Committee of arrangements for 7»£*
Pt. Patrick's eight ball and Fub-commltteeg
for came should come prepared to make re-
ports. Bids for bar privilege for ball will be
received at this meeting. All members who
wish to ccc the ball a success should attend.
BARTLEY LEE, Pres.
T. L. CLANCY. Sec
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School: sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post.
b. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 A'an Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary St.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect'fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
ing. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor it Moffat.
lf>.(*v> FEET new rubber belting, half prtc«.
ROBT. BRAND & CO.. 527 Third at.. Oakland.
A VERT One modern make sealskin Jacket for
$30; cost $160. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FUlmore.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggag* to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1056 Va-
lencia st. -
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full s»-t of teeth. $4: crowns, $3; fillings, 250.
GUARANTEED dentistry: $1 week: we refer to
6000 patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 Sixth.
A'AN VROOM- "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Et., corner Sixth.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109* Va-
lencia st.
AICETIMi NOTICES.
GOLDEN OATE Commandery No. 14, .=.
X T.. Golden Gate building, €25 Sut- t tg^
T?r St.— Stat-<i ap»-ml>ly THIS EA'EN- Fj
ING at S o'clock. The Order of the $3P
R«d Cross will be conferrrd. All fra- *
t»rr are courteously invited.
J. C. CAMPBELL, Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. «
M— THIS (MONDAY* EVENING, at^\^
7:30 o'clock, stated meeting. By order >Li\
of the AY. M. ' v>
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. ¦
M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY <MON-_/V_
DAT). March i, l!«G0. at 7:38 p. m. By TCjT
order of the AA\ M. ' v>
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary
KINO Solomon's I/o<s*e No. 260. F. and ¦
.V M.. Franklin Hail. Flllmore ?t.. be- ~#\_
tween Bush and Sutter— Stated meet- Tt3C
ing and third degree THIS EVENING /^T>
Bt 7:30 o'clock. HARRY BAEHR, Sec.
"caITfORNIA Harbor No.
15, American Ai>eociatlcn of Ji^fiam i._
Masters and Pilots— Rrgu- '<*J\ 5 fftjfeijßJJ^
:,...- meeting THIS (MON- s^^
DAT) EA'ENING. March 5. (Js*^
Important business. Full '
attendance requested. By order of the Cap-
taJn. R. N. PIPPEY. Secretary-
MY goods are shipped all over the United Stateo,
Mexico and Canada, with Increasing demand;
wide-awnke business man with capital; write
for particulars. J. X.. Call office, Oakland.
FAMILY hotel, well located, city: furniture of
40 rooms, with good will of a paying busi-
ness; leased premises: low rent; must be
sold. For particulars address box 3927. Call. .
BARS, counters, showcases, ah-lving. mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
AT auction prices; 2 Wilkerson chairs. 2 elec-
tric engines, laboratory and furniture of cor-
ner dental o'flce: actual receipts over $-03
monthly. Address Dentist, box 3964. Call
WANTED— Two good steady finishers on pants.
2 Eighth it.
WANTED— A" man who understands nursery
work and Jobbing gardening. Call 600 Halght.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engine?. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & AVOLPMAN. ISS-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store ar.d oj-
flce furniture and fixtures: n*w and Mwona-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
BARBER with 1 year's experience wishes
steady work. Address box 392 L Call office.
BARBER wants place: §0 much a week and
j board; state wages. Box 3965. Call office.
PAINTER, paper-hanger and tlnter: first-class,
up-to-date mechanic, with complete outfit;
competent to take any Job. city or countrx:
will work reasonable: high-grade decorating.
papering and llncruata a specialty; day or
contract. Box 4358. Call office. >
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINJC. SC9 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
J3 £0 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. Bto 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowna, $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years, j
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns. $3; new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver, 50c: painless extraction, 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market at., near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fiHings a
hpecialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 750. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3: crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
MEN wanted to learn barber. trade in 8 weeks:
day and evening • classes ;. special Inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free: only Institution- In the
world teaching the barber and hairdresstn*
trades. MOLER'B BARBER COLLEGE. 633
Clay st. Branches — Ban Francisco, New York.
St. Louis. Chicago, Minneapolis.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st.. over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 E0 up; open evenings and Sundays. i
¦Z.T^:~ -I jfSDICAL.
Ist: guaranteed treatment at office $i. aaf»
and reliable: consultation free: hours 10 to s.
DR WISE, the ladles' sp-clalist. 1"* Market
St.; every caae guaranteed: K> up. ¦
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
SrSIN'ESS OFFICE of- the San Franrfaco
Cell, corner of Market and Third streets, open
tntll I? o'clock every night !n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Mcr.tgomery street.
er-mer Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
800 Kayes rtreet: cpen until 9:JO p. ra.
139 McAllister street: open until S:SO p. ra.
?.15 Lerkin rtreet: open until 9:20 p. m.
1541 W.snion *trert; cpen until 10 p. m.
ZSf.l Market ttreet, corner Sixteenth: cpen
BRtil 8 p. ra.
106 Eleventh ftre»t; cpen until t p. tn.
Z'Ot A'alencia street: or'" until 9 p. ra.
::23 Polk street: open until J p. ra.
Northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftreets: cpen until 9 p. m.
WANTED- An apprentice . girl • In- millinery
. store. 5C5 Powell st. .*.-'.
YOUNG man with some experience in painting.
Address 033 Brannan st., near Ninth. ; .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; fre« 'bus
and bagsrace to. and" from ferry. •¦>--• -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
A BRANCH office for the reception .of .adver-
tisements and subscrlDtlons has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until. 9 p. m
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ¦ the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ats.; open until 9 p. ra. .
GOOD starch girla for collars and cuffs at 790
Elizabeth st:. between 23d and 24th.
GOOD starchwork Ironers at 790 Elizabeth at.,
between Twenty-third . and -Twenty-fourth. :
EXPERIENCED saleslady wanted for bakery
German preferred. , 1410 Polk at. :.•.'-:
REFINED young lady, would like position as
governess, companion, elocutionist or vocalist.
Address box 3950. Call office.
BOY with experience to help in a blacksmith
shoo at 450 tlrannan st.
EXPERIENCED canwasner wanted at 140S
Devlsadero st.
GERMAN girl wishes housework: good plain
. cook; best references; .wages $20 to $25. Call
at 342 San Carlos aye.
TUCKERS wanted on the automatio machine.
723 Market St., room 85. ¦
AN American girl to do light housework . In
small family. 1045 Mission st.
BRIGHT young boy In wholesale house. Apply
ROBT. L. TOPLITZ & CO., 549 Market st.
STEADY man In paying business; small capi-
tal required. Call at 79 Third st.
GIRL to assist with housework. Apply 4034
Seventeenth St.. near Castro.
WANTED— A good. woman pastry cook at 467
McAllister st.
LOST— Heavy gold pencil; "L. A. K." on
allde. Rewanl 615 Eddy st.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of. 401 A'an Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5: safe and reliable cure In one
»**y: 15 years' . successful practice In 8 F.;
n.*>rn!ty home; low fees. 10074 Market at.
DR.G. AA\ O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: rafe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment enn be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write. or call at 10234 Market »t.
DR. NO TOY - KFE. late of Canton. China,
tea and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento st..
corner of Kearny: alltdlseaeen and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office hours, 10 a. m. to 12 m.;
2 to 5 p. m.'.ond 1 to 9 p.,m.
MRS. DR. AVYETH. reliable specialist: home
in confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $»: any ailment;: consultation .free. -942
Post at., between Hyde and Larkin. ..
MRS. DR. . KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office. V>: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market *t..",bst.
Mason and. Taylor: . hours 9 a. tn. to S p. m.
DR. . and : MRS. DA VIES. - 122S Market: ladlea'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late acien-
tlflc methods; cure guaranteed; treatment, $5.
5 MORE boys: money-maker; no capital. 626
Emma Soreckels building.
WANTED— A German girl for housework and
cooking. 414 A T an Ness aye., bet. 9-12 a. m.
BAKER, second hand. 142 Second st.
AVANTED— Upstairs girl at 1220 Ellis St.; wages
$15: references.
' A— s27:o; FIRST-CLASS paying corner grocery
and bar on Turk et. : place established many
years; stock all fresh; good horve and wagon;
t living rooms; rent $50. Call R. G. AA'ILKE,
1-06 Market eL
A— S7CO— CORNER grocery and bar on Sutter
St.. w:th 3 living-rooms and bath; reut $25;
good paying buzlnens. Call 11. U. AVI LICE,
900 Market St.
A— s4so; SALOON. Kearny St.. close to Prescott
House; splendid paying place; low rent: owner
leaves for Nome. R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market.
A— ssso; CORNER grocery and bar; living
room; rent $15; \-ery best location on Twenty-
Fecond et.; stock will Invoice $700; rare bar-
gain. Call R. G. AA'ILKE. 906 Market et.
A $1600 GROCERY store; In best location In the
Mission; 3 living rooms; bath: rent $20; a
rare chance for good paying business. Call
R. G. AA'ILKE. room S. 566 Market st.
A— ssso; RESTAURANT and chop house on
Etockton st.; establ. many years and clearing
above $150 per month. Call room i. 906 Mar-
ket Et. R. G. WILKE.
A-SIOOO— S3 ROOM hotel with first-class paying
ealoon: close to the ferries depot on the wa-
ter front; house always crowded and known
on both tides of the Pacific. Call K. G.
WILKE. SO6 Market st.. room 8.
.A FINE corner saloon on Market st $1200
A 120-room hotel, with bar $oiuo
A good paying butcher shop; bargain $!M
A fine grocery; doing $2000 per month $3500
A good paying rooming house; cheap,.... $900
ISeveral other houses from $260 to $5000
A fine bakery; good location; cheap $400
Candy and fr««t stores; all prices; bargains.
Hee MITCHELL &. ADAMS. 906 Market at.
BARGAIN for buying or telling saloons or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealera'
Journal. ES9>4 California et., room 1.
$400— SALOON with 2 living rooms; fine trade.
Call at Liquor Dealers' Journal. 13»!4 Cali-
fornia St.. room 1.
BARGAIN — Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. C39<4; California tv. room 1.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
. Corner saloon proposition; investigate.... $4.*>o
Photograph gallery; good business........ $350
News Ftand; nice for lady $150
Restaurant: big, paying business $SOO
Barber shop and cigar stand proposition.. $250
A— PARTNER with $5000 ca*h or property; good
. business: experience unnecessary: monopoly.
Pae. States Realty Co.. X2O Emporium bldg.
BUTCHER shop; big trade; $450; worth $1000;
. horse, wagon. cai>h register: all complete.
Pacific Ktatia Realty Co.. r. 320 Emporium.
A $10,000 BUSINESS for $4000; will clear $5000
per ar.num: will stand investigation. Pacific
States Realty Co.. £55 Market at., room 820.
$150— BRANCH bakery: elegant fixtures: Mls-
clon; $8 dally. KREDO & CO.. 224 Geary at.
$110»— RARE opportunity: worth $2000; clears
$250 month: trial. KUEDO & CO.. 22' i Geary.
$2r.O— MEAT market; receipts $SOO month: good
horse, waron; cash business. Kredo. 22H Geary.
A— Sl50 — CORNER saloon; private entrance and
wine rooms; cost $000 to fit up; everything
, r.rst-cJaEs; must be told on account of alck-
r.ess. Pacific Exchange. ICIC Market et.
$205— RESTAURANT: seats 40 people: worth
$500. For baigalns gee CHISEL & CO.. 79 Jd.
PARTNER In legitimate business; email capi-
tal; make rrood wages. Apply 79 Third at.
SBO0 — SALOON: central: pri\-ate rooms: paying
bus.; bargain. Mclaughlin & Co., 777H Jikt.
CORNER grocery; best In city; great sacrifice.
COWING &. CO.. JIM Market st.
WANT to buy a small fruit vtand: city or Oak-
land, that'«v!ii afford a living for a single per-
eon. Box SS7L Call. - - '
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
. thoelng business; IS years present location;
cttap cc acct. deatb owner. 23 Cortland aye. J
WANTED— First-class pants finisher. 72414
Market St.. room 27. '
GIRL to do general housework; no washing;
wages $20. 1 Scott st. -
EXPERIENCED bedmaUer wanted: $20 and
room. Call 9 a. m. at 664^ Howard st.
TAILORS wanted for sitting room: every con-
venience. 41Hi Kearny st.. top floor.
W\NTED — A good second cook. Inquire 467
McAllister st.
FrRST-CL'ASS tailoress on pants. 1009 Clay
St., above Powell. ¦-¦.''
WANTED— A girl- for second work and wait-
ing. 1307 Hyde St. - - •:.¦-•¦
SEA.MEN— Ordinary, green hands, for steam
whalers. 701 Battery st., corner Pacific.
WANTED— IJve man in profitable office work;
small capital. Apply 79 Third st. •
WANTED— Young man to drive milk wagon:
$50 per month ; reference and security. 2200
Point . Lobos aye., cor. Eleventh.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework. Call 704 A
Guerrero st. .
WANTED— First-class sklrtmaker. VERDIER.
Ladles' Tailor. 944 Geary st. " -
WK prepay freight to any part of the StaU en
all Dlanos sold for cash; our prices will as-
tonish you, they are so low. ZENO MAU-
A'AIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market St.. 3. F.
AN experienced young girl desires general work
and cooking. Call at 221 Hickory aye.,' near
A'an Ness. ;-•*;- i"iS>; i : =
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Dark brlndle and whlta greyhound
bitch. Return to 53S Washington St., before
6 p. m.; liberal reward.
A LADIES' boa on Ingleslde road. Finder will
please return to 224 O'Farrell at., room I, and
OPERATORS wanted to work in factory on
ladles' and children's wear. 723 Market St.,
room 2."i.
REFINED girl wants position to do upstairs
work or housework in small family; experi-
enced: city or short distance In country. Call
1122 Golden Gate aye.
AA'ANTED— Strong young girl to assist with
housework and in kitchen; family of 4 adults;
wages $12. 3107 AVashington st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
LARGEST and most complete stock of SHEET
MUSIC at HALF PRICE at MAUVAIS'. m
Market st.
HOUSES and rooms wanted
CITY RENTING CO.. C 32 Market et.
WANTED— A good help at dressmaking, $3 a
week: also an apprentice. Call from 8 to 9,
1504 California Bt.
HOUSES AVANTED.
XO let— A pleasant sunny house. 7 rooms. 3338
Twenty-first st., near Guerrero. :
COOK'S helDer for railroad camp; $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
ON REAL estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and pa
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount:
lowest ratea. BECKER & CO., 26 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. €67 MARKET ST.
2039 Howard: 10 r. 527 601 1345 Howard: 6 rms.sl9
2111 Hyde: 12 r00m5.. 530 12937 California; 6 r..515
SHAMPOOER for springs; $35 and found. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NEAT, refined German girl desires situation
as nurse, houseworker or second girl; $W to
$15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires situ-
ation: pood cook; city or country. MISS
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$225— LODGING-HOUSE. 13 rooms, for sale;
bargain. ISO Second St.: no arents.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. AA\ J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL, room 44. Merchants' Exchange. 131
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German laundress desires situa-
tion; best of references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
AY E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpet*. 757 Mission: tel. R°d 33r.3.
CHAS. LEA r Y buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. ; telephone Jessie 761.
FURNITURE WANTED.
AGENTS can make $10 per day selling our nov-
elty machine; write; on application will send
cut and terms. THOS. R. FOOTE CO., Los
Angeles, Cal. - . .
FURNITURE FOR SALE. ..
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. : 127-1131 Market.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market
st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ANY proposition, any amount: 8 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies. Ufa insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G.. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronlcl* bldg.
BELGIAN HAKES
$IS— FLAT of 4 sunny rooms and bath. 1463
Sacramento St.. near Hyde.
AVANTED TO-DAY.....
Ship to-morrow
a gang of railroad teamsters for Coast road.
Santa Barbara County :
Free far? ..'
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
,T C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary St.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
bread and pastry baker, hotel $60
pastry cook and confectioner, hotel $60
second cake baker, country shop $35
assistant bread baker, country shop ..$35
10 waiters, country $35. $ii
10 restaurant waiters $3 and $11
porter and run a bus, country
j" waiters. ' $32 50 for private family
hotel, $22 50, no office fee...
MISCELLANEOUS
blacksmith. $45 ami fd blacksmith. $2 day
tinsmith, $2 50 day cabinetmaker. $2 50 day
coal miners, $2 5« quartz miners. $2 50
6 orchard hands, $20 6 farmers, *20
dairyman. $35.: milkers. $25.
100 woodchoppers $1 60 to $1 7» per cord
C. R/HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
$12 50— FLAT of five rooms and bath; yard. 257
Shipley st.. near Sixth.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms:
thorough instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
CLASSES in German. French. Spanish: $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall:
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgy.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address tn th»
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
AA'ANTED— Second-hand surrey or trap; must
be In good condition; cheap; rubber or pneu-
matic tired preferred. Box 3944, Call.
SUNN A" corner flat, 4 rooms and bath; rent
$14. Herman and Jessie sts.
F. H. MEKZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
rum»<s practice at £03 Cal. «t.. Ciunle bldg.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADA'ICE fr«-e: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, any at law. *Wi Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADA'ICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. *27 Market et.. opp. Mason.
GOOD coal yard for rent cheap. 2101 Central
aye.. Alameda.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., nr. Call
bldg. ; good* transient house in country town;
elegantly furnished: piano; table board:
....SPLENDID, PAYING PROPOSITION....
a genuine snap" for the right party. , .
DECKER'S BARGAINS^SEE THEM.
S-room new flat $SCO
26-room house; clears $100 550
110-room corner house 4SOO
24 rooms: north of Market: clears $125.... 900
32 rooms; corner; clears $150 1600
Corner on Market; clears $400; 104 rooms.. 4SOO
Mod. house; elev. ; clears $500; 84 rooms.. 6500
Tel. John 5L H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
BARGAINS BARGAINS
20 rooms. Golden Gate aye.. only $750
40 rooms; rent $60: near Third st 600
34 rooms; sunny cor.: clears $100 1650
60 rooms; cor.; rent $123: only 1700
106 rooms: corner: clears $200 16C0
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market at.
XO let— <"afe privileges at Lurline Baths. Bush
and Larkin sts. Apply on premises.
ELEGAN*T new sunny corner flat. 6 rooms and
bath: rent $22 50. 3105 Fillmore st.
FULTON, 133, near City Hall— Extra fine mid-
dle flat; 4 rooms, bath; $20.
FOR sale— Downtown route on this paper. Ap-
ply 12?" Howard st.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MASERY of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
glft and palmist In the world; catlsf action
ru«r«rte»>d. <!7 Oolden Gate aye.
FLATS TO LET.
GOOD chance for carpenter with small capital,
Apply at 127 Turk st. .
HOUSES— LODGING FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
7 rooms; rent only $2S; new; clean $175
10 rooms: rent $35; full: nice $350
12 rooms in Mission; good house.... $373
17 rooms; N. of Market: nice house $6CC
IS rooms, bath, pantry; Al location; bargain.
23 rooms: full; bargain; owner sick $1000
54 rooms; owner leaving city; fine ....$2500
100 rooms; rent $50; always full: M cash. .slsoo
WELL-PAYING cracker route for sale; rea-
sonable. Box 3932, Call office.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: I
air compressor; 6 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planes, lathes.
Iron & wood: 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beul".
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
ANY parties having Angora goats for cdl* ad-
dress 11., 226 National aye., San Diego. Cal.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech., survey, assay, archl. ; day and even.;
est. 1864. A'AN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
TO "Morning Call Home Study" readers-
Classes forming: French conversation. Mer-
cantile Library, 530 G. G. aye., r. 5, 6; hrs. 2-8.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1003 Mission; violin. guitar.
AYRES 1 Buslners College. 723 Market »t. ; life
scholarship. $50: send for catalogue.
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. A'et. Dentist. 608 O. G. ay.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers: plated:
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission St.. near 13th.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions.- SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
A GENTLEMAN with two seasons' experience
in Cape Nome and surrounding country will
undertake to personally conduct a party or
r»re->nß expecting to go to Alaska. He will
»i»M^t in the purchase of their outfit and
supplies, will assist in landing and selection
cf camp site at Nome and guarantee to save
persons Joining his party more than the fee
charged for his services. Apply between 9
a. m. and noon or address room 71. Colum-
bian building. frl6 Market, San Francisco.
EXCHANGE.
ALASKA
50 HEAD fine draught, and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
GOOD opportunity for young man email means;
old established business. 630 Commercial st.
DELICACY and dairy produce: living rooms;
P'lce reasonable. Inquire 645 McAllister St.
GRAA'EL mine for sale or work on shares;
house and tools furnished. Box 3923. Call.
FOR sale cheat), an or*an: good for saloon or
private. Inquire at 533 Pacific st.
EDUCATIONAL.
BAN Francisco Chapter No. 1. Royal Arch Ma-
sons, meets THIS EA'ENING. Business only.
FOR Sale or Trad-— Edison's morln? pictures
machine; 35 good films, 125 Turk St. C TULL.
$1700 CASH — Corner grocery and bar; good lo-
cation and stock: 2 blocks north of Market St.;
no acents wanted. Inquire at 1713^4 Mission.
WANTED— A'aIet. with references, $40 and
found; restaurant and hotel cooks, waiters,
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 62S Sacramento St.
NEW bakery or laundry: 3-can milk wagon: 2-
reated spring wagon; 3 grocery or delivery
wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
DRESS rants. $2 73: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— Saloon and lunch house (lumber
yards); proprietor must leave for Dawson.
inquire Call office.
SHETLAND ponies. In pairs or single. 1074
East Twenty-first st.. Oakland.
BARBER shop for sale In a mountain town:
25c shaving: gor-d opportunity. Inquire of
OARREN. 13 Minna Bt.
MUST be sold at once— A new large handsome
breeding cage; very cheap. 973 Golden Gate.
FOR sale — An extensive livery and boarding
stable, suitable for a stock company; $15,500.
Box 3943. Call office.
YOUNG man desires position In some store (to
learn): will make himself generally useful;
references. Address N. S.. 214 Third st.
PIONEERS— The regular
monthly ir. *>*i ir.it of the J^£^.>?^«j-js? N^k
Pi neers will t-e held'on
IS iO, at S o'clock p. m. T&
A full attendance is re-
quested. J- I. SPEAR, Secretary.
JIELP WANTED — MALE.
AA'ANTED— Band sawyer, foreman, filer and
machinist; setter for mill, $2 50 day; edger-
man. $2 50 day; blacksmith and wife for
ranch, $50; 6 woodsmen, $1 25 to $2 day; 10
woodchoppers, SOc to $1 25 cord; 10 tlemakers,
10c and I2e; 5 shingle bolt makers, $1 50 cord.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— Swiss milker, $30 and found; sheep-
herder. $25; choreman for ranch, $20; stable-
man for ranch, $20 to $25: young men for
ranches, $15; stableman for stage company,
$15 and found; and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento St.
PARTNER wanted, good paying business, for
fairs and picnics; investment $50. Call at 14
Langton, bet. Howard and Folsom, forenoon.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
NEW YORK ladies' tailor, cutter and fitter de-
sires a situation: good references. Address
box 4358. Call office.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk tt.
EDIPON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$lf>0: concert records. $2 60. BACIGALUPL.
933 Market st.. San Francisco.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ke,n-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
WANTED— Partner, cne-half Interest $2000.
to enlarge hardware business: have $5500 In
ttcck; established 20 years. Address Box
2715. Call. Oakland.
GASOLINE engines, marins and stationary!
second-hand: all sizes; cheap; guaranteed.
NEWELL BROS.. 140 First St.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD * CO., Attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
1700— fEI.KCT rooming house; 9 rjpoms; all full;
elegantly furnished; all new and clean; will
boar Investication; no agents. 437 , Golden
ABOUT 50 gallons good country milk. Address
E. B. BARBER, Del Hambre Dairy. Mai*
tlnez.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. 74L\ Howard st.
WANTED— Experienced city salesman. Brown-
stone Wine Company, 331 Ellis St.
WELL-EDUCATED and experienced young
nurse rlrl for boy 3 years old; must do sew-
ing. 997 Golden Gate aye.
GOOD, reliable woman: light housework; small
family; good home. Particulars 1461 A'alencia,
MIDDLE-AGED man, all-around handy, wants
light work; no milking: best of references.
Address H. AY.. 406 Francisco st.
FIRST-CLASS manicure; state salary expect-
ed; also girls to learn. Box 3914, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a nrst-class_German
gardener; can take care of horses. Box 8926,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS . ladles' tailor; steady. AD.
HOENIO. Sl9 Post «t. ¦
YOUNG man to learn dentistry. Address box
WANTED— A tailor or dyer to buy out' well-
established business, dyeing, cleaning, re-
Dalrlnc- reason for celling going to Paris
Exposition. Address F. M. SCHMIDT, So-
nora. Cal.
OPERATORS on gents' custom shirts; steady
employment. 635 A'alencla st.
PROMOTER.
(rood backlr.c: will finance or organize re-
liable rallwry. mining or Industrial ".ter-
lirises; chauers furnished. Address confi-
dentially box 1293. Call office.
WANTED— A first-class florist to open new
business. Address G.. box 3942. Call.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on trousers. 8 Virginia
court, between Pine and California sts., oft
Dupont; steady work.
COATMAKER i for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. -- •— -
WANTED-Eituatlon as blacksmith's helper In
city or on a ranch. Box 3965. Call office.
DR. '•WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. Uj Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5 a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate: crown and bridge work our
epecialty: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
•lors. 14 Sixth st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House DroDrletor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
500 PAIR 3 men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Con tinned.
A. ETENBERG CO 935 MARKET ST.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS
Telephone Folsom 1343
Have cash buyers en hand ready to Invest,
therefore list your businesses with us
...None but legitimate propositions wanted...
TO BUYERS
Before buying please call on us and
Investigate our propositions
ALSO
MONEY TO LOAN MONEY TO LOAN
en all kinds of furniture and fixtures
Highest caeh price paid
for general merchandise and liquors !
STENBERG CO.. 535 Market st.
FOR eale— East of Haywards: a Junction houaa
consisting" of 9 rooms, stock of liquors: also
large cellar. 1 acre of land with large barn,
chicken house and other outbuildings; all In
good condition; windmill, tank and large well
of cood water. For particulars apply SEIBE
BROS. & PLAGEMANN. 322 to 332 fiaaomo
st.. S. r\. or et premises. D. H. A AUUT,
Haywards. Alaroeda County. Cal.
DENTISTS.
HELP W ANTED— FEMALE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,;. MARCH 5, 1900.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— 31 ALE.
WANTED— Position as clothing salesman or
clerk In general merchandise business In
country; No. 1 references given. Address
M. G.. 104 Powell st. " '¦ -- - -
GIRLS WANTED.
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEV!
STRAUSS A CO., 36ft Fremont st.; elevator.
STEADY man: understands care horses, cows,
etc.; good driver; handy with tools and about
machinery: well recommended. Address dox
3969. Call. ¦_
WANTED — Girl for general * housework and
plain cooking. SWA Devisadero st., near Mc-
Allister.
SITUATION wanted by respectable teamster
and milker; steady Job; fair wages. Box 3363.
Call office. -
WANTED— Situation as coachman: No. I •horse-
man: can milk; strictly temperate. Address
box 3967,. Ca1l office. , ¦
HOUSEWORK and cooking; S in family; $20
per month: references required. Apply Mon-
day morning 125 Lyon st.
WANTED— Reliable middle-aged woman for
permanent position. Address box 5941, Call.
WANTED— First-class talloress on coats. Ap-
ply 533 Natoma st. -
WANTED— Man or boy; work about house part
of day. Call before 9 a. m. at 2219 A'an Ness.
WANTED— GirI for general housework and
cooking. Apply 1434 Golden Gate aye.
3IEDICATED BATHS.
INA-ALIDS who flr.d no relief from dru«gln.«
the ttomach to investigate Dr. Conant «
method of absorption, which never fat!;, ta.l
or addres? for booklet. Anldrosls, 4. Pos..
office No :• gents' baths. «: Udles parlors. 33.
COACHMAN, competent man. thoroughly un-
derstands his business In all branches,. desires
permanent situation. As to references and
qualifications address C. S., 1022 Jackson St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night, 75c to $2 per week.
FURNISHED rooms. 75c, $1, $1 25 per week.
METROPOLITAN. 614 Fourth st.
MAN and wife wish positions: wife a good
cook: man capable of managing dairy. In-
quire 431 and 433 Pine st. '
YOUNG man (German) desires a position as
driver for bakery wagon. Address Q. 8., BZ7
Market St., Oakland.
JAPANESE honest boy wants situation at
housework; have own board. SASAKI. 621
Jessie st.
POSITION as bookkeeper or other clerical
work. Address 142 Colllnrwood st.
CHINESE, experienced, first-class cook, wishes
position; hotel, bearding or family: good ref-
erences: satisfaction. 116 Prospect place, bet.
Stockton and Powell.: F. M.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisement? and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 A a-
lencla st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m. '
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Smle
200 HORSES 1000 to 1400 pounds, SO head 1200 to
1300 pounds, unbroken, at the Canty Ranch.
Grayson, Cal.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
40 HORSES for sale; also . wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horae Market,
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071',i Market st.: examinations free; German
eyewater by mall. 60c. Phone, Mint 257.
GROCERY store wanted; must be cheap. Ad-
dress box 4370. Call office.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath: all modern im-
provements. Apply 2506 Howard St.
SALOON, with 3 living rooms; must be sold at
once; owner going away. Inquire 50 Seventh.
FOR sale— Fine downtown route on The Call; In
business section of the city. 1121 Filbert st.
$1700 CASH— Corner grocery anJ bar: rood lo-
cation and stock; 2 blocks from Market St.;
no agents wonted. 1713 - Mission st.
ROUTE of 544 papers on this paper lor Mile.
Box 6. Oakland Postofflce.
A-EMPLOYERS DO AS OTHERS DO
$35,000 employers of help
do now send their orders to MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.. for skilled and
unskilled help. MURRAY & READY have
each person listed for situation for which he
is Individually adapted
Help furnished free of charge.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 6S4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT MONDAY, J A. M
Farms dairies mlnesX stables, etc.
39 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for dif-
ferent parts of California. ...s26, $25, $20 and fd
14 choremen. $20, $15, $10 and found
19 milkers and butter makers* $30, $25 and fd
9 pruners for vineyards, etc
52 day, $26 and found
9 stablemen $40. $30. $25 end found
12 coal miners, labcrera and drillers $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
9 carpenters for a lumber company, 9 months'
Job $2 SO day
5 ship carpenters, boss here $t to $5 day
blacksmith and helpers *
$10 week, $2 JO day, $45 and found
wheelwright and woodworkers, see boss here;
boy to learn painting $6 week
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 626 Clay st.
A— HOTEL, bakery, tailors and laundry dept.
7 cooks $45. $35, $30. $25 and found
9 waiters, 1 steward. ...s3s. $30. $25, $20 and fd
young man. delicacy store, $40 and found;
thoemakers, dishwashers, porters, ironers.
washers, tailors, 50c fare; butler's helper. $3U
and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— AYE PAY~YOUR FARES
TO SAWMILLS AND AA'OODS
20 laborers, no experience required, $26 and
found; 3«6 woodchoppers, tlemakers, etc..
some for mines. $2 T-0, $2. $1 50, $1, 75c cord,
tools and focnl advanced, 12c, 15c and lie each.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CARAA'ELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore- et.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : cpen until 9 p. m.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 4a
STRATTON'S, 3 Elrhth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 3?4. GEO. AA'ALCOM.' proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 323 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone Enst 126.
HOUSE 5 rooms and bath; large yard; rent
$15. 3215 Nineteenth st. ¦ ¦ :^ :
HOUSE of 6 rooms, 2309 Polk »t.; rent. Includ-
ing water. ¦ $15.
SUNNY 8-room house; decorated; bath: base-
ment; garden: large yard; $22. 22* Bartlett.
ATTENTION! REMOVED.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
The AVorld'R Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to tbe Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
fhe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
AA'RITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
rands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall is
always successful and satisfactory, and all
correspondence is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence. 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B. — Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
get off at Clinton Station, 2d station from
Broadway.
GOOD small-sized upright to-day for $150 at
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
WE always advise to buy a Decker or Packard
when you want the best. MAITVAIS, 763
Market st.
ELDERLY German woman, able and Independ-
ent cook, reliable tn all things, -desires situ-
ation as cook In good German-speaking fam-
ily or boarding house; city or country. 668
Seventh st., Oakland.
WOMAN would like any kind of work by the
Oav. Call or address MRS. ROBERTS. 11^
Washington aye.. bet. Ninth and Tenth sts.
RESPECTABLE widow wishes a position as
housekeeper In family; Is a first-class house-
keeper. Address box 2937. Call office.
AVOMAN wishes to do sewing; 50c a day; dress
fitting a specialty. Address or call R. C, 741
Howard st.
WANTED— Second work by young girl or posi-
tion In small family where only one girl is
kept. Address box 3999, Call office.
WANTED — Upstairs work and sewing in Amer-
ican family by thoroughly experienced and
first-clat* servant. Call or address, all the
week, 136 Tenth st., near Mission.
WANTED — By woman who will assist In house-
work, furnished room for same. 64 Boyce st.,
off Geary.
\
8jS«(fI_A THOROUGHLY well-built house of 7
r4«om«: only two blocks- from station;- eunny
shle of »tr*efr all ftrwt wprk done. ¦:. .
. ™. - ---- :MAftON & McLENATHEX,
*' ... ¦; Adjoining P. Q... Berkeley. .
rJAHKKT. :O>. t.-pp Ittb— Comfortable Wr»n
and kitrfaec furbished or usfurnUhed: $5 * n.
•J^TILISTER. tb7— German family: 2 lovely
" l.ay-windcw room* and bath; $12; also 1 sunny
:--:::, IT rt-cr.th^ : -
I, IRKIN. isr>— Sunr.y furai^hed Finiria r«>m»:
\\fq Uouf*:iiiTiilng rtxim*; bath. !auiwlr>-: rea-
f^nable.
ALAMKOA lIOTSKS.
i-'EARNY. rear Butt«r-A light front room, $S;
r2« free: also houj-ekeepirnr room. CFarre-.1.
cjp Orpseuai. »» rsonth. Ar-plr 15 Gract avy.
GOLDEN OATK aye., Ill— l.*rz* fijrnUhed
rocaj nr.d kltchf n for lieht hom-k^pirj,'; bath
and cas; reference*: lIS only.
FI-'LTON. 32IH— > *uar-y front furnished roomr;
range, water, yard; also •usfurnished; Ilk* •
Cat; rent $:! to $15. .
KL'LTON, 21*— 3 cicr room* fcr liou»ekeeplng;
cr*l stove gs* and bill;.
ri'LTOX. 21— Nice eunny room, with connect-
ing bath: us* of kitchen: rent cheap.
Weather Report.
<12Oth Merldlaj* — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 4. 5 p. xn.
. The fallowing i are the seasonal rainfall* to
: date as compared with those of tarn* date last
season, and rainfall In last' 24 hours:
! * ' • La*t ThU Last i
Station*— ¦/. ''•',¦ 24 hours, reasoa. season.
Eureka 0.46 41.4* 24.05
Red Bluff ..........:...:. «.O4 17^7 IJ.3J
Sacramento : «.2S J4.4J 7.SS
San Francisco :.....: «4« ' w.e2 • «.oo
Fresno 0.57 «.« Z.ss
Independence O.« 2.14 I.IJ
Fan Luis Üblspo. 1.92 . U.iJ 7.15
Los Angeles.. '.••*•• i.H S.M
San Diego.... „. «f.J> 3.VZ 3.n
Yuma O.W 0.7* 1.J4
* San ' Francisco data— Ma xlrotns temperature,
14; minimum, 43; mean, 4S.' . • . , _ "
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An aresi'bf low pressure Is central off the
Washington coast with a trouzbllke depression
extending southeastward over ihe plateau re
gion to Arizona. . An area, of unusually high
pressure _ overlies the L<akr»tas and Montantu
•l"he pressure has risen slightly over the'Paciflc
; Coast and fallen over the. plateau recion.'.-- .
' Cloudy and threatening weather prevails over
the" entire, country embraced by the weather
mat-. Rain has fallen. over the country west
of the Rocky Mountains Mci^t'ln Arizona am!
snow over Montana - and - North Dakota. The
rainfall baa been quite heavy in Southern Cali
fornia. - ; . ' -- ' ¦'*'. *¦ - ¦
¦ 'The temperature has fallen over Nevada and
the southeastern portion of Northern California
and . remained ; nearly ; stationary in other dis
tricts. ¦ - ' -'¦ ¦ "¦¦.¦¦- ¦¦ '¦'¦¦ -. :¦ ¦¦•
. Conditions : are favorable for cloudy weather
with showers Monday over th« -Pad fie slope.
1 Forecai>t made at San Francisco for 20 hour*
emllng March 5. 19C0: -.;¦-¦ _ . .
Northern California— Cloudy, with showers
Monday: light southerly wind. ¦ • *
Southern California— Cloudy, with shower*
Monday: light southwest <wlno. .
Nevada— Rain or snow Monday.
' Utah— Rain or snow Monday; cooler. ' * -
¦ Arl*ona— Cloudy.' prohably. with « rain r Mon
day: esoler In north portion. i •'- > ?. ¦•-•:; -»:•
¦ San Francisco and vicinity— Clcmdy. probably
with shower* Monday, light southerly wind. '
> . *G. H.\WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
STORES W'AXTED.
WANTICIJ — Fnvall i-tere in cood burlness loca-
tion for permaoept tenaat: or would accept a
calf eU:re wltb ui>e of (how window; state
price. P. O. H'TZ. 1220 Market ft.
ARRIVED.
- ¦ Sunday, March 4.
Stmr Nrwsber. Wal-rla:. 22 ho«r» from Usal.
Stmr Noyo. 'Johnson, 14 hour* f rosa Fort
B Stnfr Pomona. Alexander, tl hour* frcm Saa
W |iSr Glimj.- Leland, » hours j from .its**
stmr Thomson, Whitney, 4 day*" 4 hour*
TmrtS "M«ler. 40 hour, from Saa Pedro.
Br stmr Strathgyle. Gordon. 47 days from
Hongkong, *1a Yokohama S3 days. Tl* Honolu
lu 17 days, vl» S*n Dtega 43 hour*. 'J 1 . »
Nor stmf Leander. Olsea. 27 days from Kntcft-
Bark J D Peters, Townsend. 2S day* from
ter^Pre^ore. Schiafnno. 154 day* from
G Bktn' Retriever. Sloaa, 14H day* from Port
"schr^Fortana. Luberg. a day* from Eureka.
<chr Gem, Nelson. 3 d»>* from Coo* Bay.
. EAILCD.
Stmr Bonlta, Nleol»<m, San Pedro.
Stmr State of California. Gag», Astorl*.
Stmr Vfashtenaw. Gilhoy. Tacoma.
Stmr Procresov. Zolllag. Tacoma.
Stmr LairunA. Stark, ••— »i
' TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 4, 19 p m— Weathe»
cloudy: wind SW. velortty 14 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per bark J D Peters, from Baata Rosalia-
Had variable winds throughout the passage.
Left In port Br ship* Isle of Arran ami Thorn- -
liet ank • and . BarflUtas. bark Northwest and
scbr J I* Leeds. _¦ -• . - •» .
.". .:. DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailtd March 4— Ship Spartaa, far
San Kr»ncJ*c«>. ¦ ...¦¦: ¦-.-:
ArriTed March 4— Bark Mermaid, frotn DoteJx
Harbor. • .» . .- ,
PORT LO3 ANGELES— SaiIed March 4— Stmr
AU-szar. for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Salleti March 4— Br bark Domin
ion, for B j-Jney. ' . ' ,5
ASTORIA— SaiIed March 4— Stmr Columbia.
for San Francisco: ship Clarence S Cement, for
Queenstotrn; Br bark Belmont. for Qo««n»-
COOS BAY— ArrlTed March 4^-Schr SConterey.
hence March 1. . '- •
FORT nriAGG— Sailed March 4— Stmr Albhya.
for J^vn Francisco. '**»»-3«»«Sj**<B< il Wß>^P b **B
SAN -DlEGO— Sailed March 4— Br stmr Car- .
lisle <?5tT. for S«» Francisco. ¦ " » -
- S\N PEDRO— Sailed March I— Schr Alice, tar
Kcreha March 4— Schr Halcyon, for Eureka;
schr Mabel Orar. for Eureka. •» __
- Arrived March 4— Schr 3«lTator. . f mm Fort
Blakeley: stmr National CUy. from Grays Har
bor: itmr Eteroatch. troro Portland.. , .
OCEAN STEAMERS. -— .- •- ;
QUKEX3TOWN— Sailed Jlarch'4— Btmr Etra
ria from t4ven>ool, for N«w York.- <•
NEW YORK— Arrived -, March ¦ *— Stmr . La
Champagne, from Havre; atmr Pretoria, frontn t
Hasiburg- "* ~ r * " " ¦ - *'"'¦..''-- * ¦' ¦
Sailed March I— Star Peansylvania. for Uaav
barg.;aMMHigßMttiMßSH
REAL ESTATB COI.VTRV — For Sal*
A MIGHT** nice and well-Improved, fully
exjul;-pe<l i-^acre ranch near Nar<a for 112-0.
N. D. SJ<-"KELS. the I^nd Agent,.
10 O^arj- Ft.. opi»>site Chronicle Wdg., P. F.
US* ACRES In Stanislaus County, near rail-
road- water: growing crop*: under fence and
«!! c:her Improvements. For particulars ad-
crets -3T ca!! W. P. CROW. 1534 Polk, city.
3JARION GRIFFIN. ri» Market, nr. Call bldg.
Lend (or eale In Sonoma. Pontra Costa. Glenn.
Eanta Crux.- ?ha*ta and Tehama Cos.. Cal.
J. W. HORN. 812 Main St.. Petaiuma: teal es-
tate acd thoroughtred Belglaa hares. Scad
fcr free list cf Pancma County bargains.
Order of Americus.
Berkeley Councilor the Order of Araer
icuB at its meeting last Wednesday night
Initiated one candidate' and elected Dr.
Edward Gray as representatlvo to the
Supreme Council. During the evening E.
W. Linforth presented to the council val
uable bronze medalljons of Washington
and Lincoln. These will hang In the coun
cil chamber and <serve as additional In
spiration for gcod citizenship aa taught
by the order. -_
NATOMA. »13— Proall room; bath; good board;
private family; $IS.
MODERN flats— si'oC: containing S and 8 rooms
each: highly decorated and finished with all
modern conveniences: £31 Waller St.. on*
block from Ha^gh: and Pierce; ea«y terms.
F. NELSON. Builder.
HOTEL ARRIVALS. *
GRAND HOTEL.
J H Bresltn. Auburn jD A Duncan &w, Minn
F English. Oakland E H Ward. R Biff
W H Lumsden, S RosajA B C Dowdell, Sacto
T Cunningham. S Rosa!J E Hicks & w. Saoto
A J Johnson. Berkeley] E E ¦ Webster. N V
W Poll«k. Alameda. , C A Duncan &w. Minn
E Dinkelspiel. Sulsun |T g Spautdlng, WoodJd
F W Porter. Nar* jl M Nathan. Sn Rafael
H C Huboard. Stanfrdjß D McCook. lowa
W Hall. Stanford I J ' W Glenn. Stockton
G D Roberts, Log Ang J A New, Fresno
A B WaUon. Cal L Gerlach & w. Stockn
H C Calll. Cal "Mrs C Lando. Ls Ang
C S McNaught. Stan'd;R J Kerr. Phoenix
T G Hwnwr, IP H Keller. NT
J S Simmons RosevWe G E White t* ST
A P brayton. MJc"--. Ip C Fpetler, Ohio
J W Capps. Ca-1 iA L Stanford, Chicaro
C F Sinclair. Sn Diego, W Kleio & \r. N V
C H Scott. Chicago 'Vtl«s Bohannan. Detroit
C Allen, Los Ang DC Mitchell. Cal :1
C E Wilcox & w, HI • B Wack. St Louis
R A Thlelen. Los Ang P Cox & w. Sacto
F J Straub. Loe Ang jC H Blumer, Sacto
J Dobson. Wash |W D Buckley. Stocktn
J BlankfleJd. NT . F Macgurn. Chicago
A Purdy, San Jose (Mrs Ross. Toronto
A C Forrester. Chicago J D Cleveland, Sacto
T R Brayton, Omaha :J Denny, Sacto
J A Cntndall. lowa >A H Canfield. St Louis
F A Brown, Cal 'J M Ough. Chicago
0 Bancroft. CJn,n«tl :F.V Donnelly. Olympla
D B Harris.* Madera iV> P Hatch. Los Ang
1 Bird, Merced ' j R J White. Bakerafleld
R Sansen. 'Stockton 1M X Young. Los Ang
J D Gall. Stockton JG H Wilson &w. M»x
A C White. Stockton >D J Burchett Aw, Ky
J il.Strelninr, S RoeajW P Sluseer. Sta Rosa
W P- Thomas, Uklah Jj R Mason & w. .Wash
E Breslauer. OroviUe [A A Baker, Watsonvl
I F Morris & w.'Sactol.
PALACE HOTEL.
W E Moore. Conn idrt J Hussey. Pa
C E Spencer, NY G L Quayle, Ohio
J H Barham. S Diego O H Quayle, Ohio
J F Caldwell. Cal C S Morey, . Denver
C F Peckham, N V |W Damrosch. N V
M D Morrison, L Ang;C Hube- lowa
A B McCreery. Cal Mrs C Huber, lowa
J.J Dwyir, Cal " JP L Graff, N V
B W Prince. S Rosa ]A L Bonaey. N V
W J Martin, Cal iff J Hunsaker, L Ang
C P Hubbard, Qaklnd,G T Burns, Mich
F N Place, N V' (Mlbs "A W Abbie, Wis
F E Geiser, Baker CUy.M H Tauscher, N V .
D Stone, Chgo ' JHme Gadskl, N! V
M Williams. Pa I F Davis, Jackson
A L WlUUuns, Pa JB W Prince. S Rosa
E II Best. Bosto» ;.G W Hyams. Butte
Mr* E H Best. Boston R N Channlng Jr. Utah
Dr H G G Schmidt. 11l Miss Moran. S Rafael
J N Klncaid. Nevada :C F Scott, N V
J Bremer. .Sacto L Emery Jr. Pa
Mrs J Bremer, Sacto JMrs L Emery Jr. Pa
B S Holme*. Oakland I J Rosine. Chgo
AH Rcsfleld. Kan City I A C Case. Denver
Hon P T Clapp, Wash J Forowle, Cal
Mrs P T Clapp. Wash H Laub. Louisvlll*
H B Wee*. Wash \S H Stern. N X
5 Rosenblum. Mcx Mr* S H Stern, N V
J Hueaey, Pittsburt; |
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Baxter. Armooa DJ Bastlble, Fresno
B Fisher, Pinole O B Parks. Modesto
F Barrow, Sioux City L Prisley, Callstoga
F E Meredith, Vallejo J Mulrcy. Riverside
N G MarUzi*; Cal . - R Skerks. Marjovllle
R A Wood A w, Stockn F McManu*. Pan Jose
R H Boyd, Haywards T C Wlndell.'San Jose
A A Gibson. Fresno , . MM Please. Sta Barb
G Le\-y, Sonora J Pool, Sta Barbara -
W Flynn, Sacto IJ A Zimmer, L«s Ang
MAHKIED.
BALCH— SQL'IRB— At the Church of the Ad-
vent. East Oakland. February 27. IJOO. by the
Rev. E. J. Lien. George Thacher Balch of San.
Francisco and jjyra c. Squire of Fruttvale.
IIEAL ESTATE— CITY — FOB SALE.
Ar^r^pECK^^ccT ¦""-
Loan Money.
«» Market *t., opposite Kearny.
!«?,'*«— Grand corner. 7i ft, front; half block
frcm Market et.. not far from €th; reals Ji'-i.
575. 0<y>— Orand corner, €0 fu. wlthia block of
¦Bs.ld«-in: positively the chrapest property
•.downtown) in the cjty.
JiE.OOO— Rare investment: vtcir.lty Powell and
«i«ary; 4-slory brick building; stores and loig-
:r.g-aouse ab>i\e; S€ feet front,
S4j.OXi — Ccrner; r»nia J4JO; modern laiproTe-
m^r.t*; lot SC-xISS feet.
J2£.MO— Near Eddy and J^/ies; ttrrrtt and it
rroa.« above; modern: pays T per cent net.
S24.O»— Sixth ft.: 75 fee* front; rents J2400
jear'y; good bwiMtnga; 4 ytores.
I^.ooo— Third tt.. about 125 fe«t from Market:
¦ton and i^Jglng-houF-,-. tencs. half cash.
SsyO">— Six n'jtv fiats: lot 50xl«W ft.:
.-:!! rented for I*4 a rr,onlh. grand bargain.
$7C«j — Six good flatV. renu SS£O yearly; dowr.-
ro«ra: lot 50 fe*-t fr^nt. • .
ttsa> 3 choice /ats; Hayes st.; mortgage
SfrW*— Post st. ; 3 good flats; rents $60; lot
Z-.xlY:
:VS~ Corner rtore end 6-room Cat; rents J37;
(Of c^'-E'-re.
$";!?¦'— B fia\« within few blocks cf Sth and
Xirket Fts.; r»nt» $3i.
'.;7SO— T-vvo nie* flats: rent* tli !A.
STIC' — Six rooai and let 4oxT2 fe»t.
A. M SPECK i- CO . «7 Market st
JOHN n>TRB. 4 -ij PJcT^tl! "
upi/jcJie the Nevada Bank.
$35.'» (w > — Ar. eii^J'enf oerlrally lucatfd buslnes«
property. j>&!ine > t>tr cent.
S^evcfsl Csc piecti >A property on and a4ji-
terst to Market t*.
PARK I>DTS.
*'5 dcwT\ arxi ivajir.enrs of If*!" lhsn 2? per
•lay for 27 moiths «rHj l;uy a fice park lot.
<~m l;:«Vijlni*r.is: Jl' <3o»"n in-l S3 ttr month;
irioe ilit: raik tou TBxfH («J ea«h: wei: lo-
:-aie>l; «nly S l>ifK-i » frum ih< park and 4
-<5 from th* 'nou!»v»iJ. Alto on &»ym*nts
• * J" $i ier month, lots 13x190 feet In the
:^: 1/ 3 Tract. E*-ar the terminus of Sac Bruno-
11? I cr Wft each— Lots 2SxIW in Silver Ter-
i»:. nesr Sl'.vcr aye.
I.X niM *T**riT'*l sacrifice to make tn Im-
'n-edlate silt; it has been a£s*s>exl for more
thar. thi^ by the AF«ee»or; choice and deslr-
rbie lot or. Oh«ttano--sa st.. near Twenty-
third. !T:*x.!i7:6 to street in rear; on the grade;
alt *ty*t work <Jon»; electric car* na«s in
front; in the warm oelt: oppc-site a beautiful
residence: sua all day: thi* Is a splendid bar-
? -.;:.. ccn almost itijj.
I osa arrange go that buyer can make easy
;«.Vine2t*. W. J. GI*NN.
£33 Callfortjia «t.
''HE choicest lot* In Richmond: the cheapest
* ffered; ready for building: well located;
sireet work ilone: only S7CO; 23x123: ea-y pay-
n.eiitf; clcee to electric and cable car*
W. J. CVKK. 139 California st.
San . H»e» «:S*
Eva sets *:J»7
Mgon set*. 11:27 p. m.
MONDAT. MARCH 5. ;
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, lei
coats. H. M. HEINEMAN. 10» Sar.*om*
LADIES' and gents' ca«-oS clothing bought and
sold. Sllverman. SS« Folsom; tel. Fols*m 11SL
i?& ' t*l Qi '¦ yt?^ ATv
DOiVT FORGET THE
BIG AUCTION SALE
C>n* hundred bead of Horses and Mule*, rang-
ing; from 1" v to 1760 pounds, all well broke and
gentle.' at i£2s Market at., near Twelftn.
THURSDAY, 11 o'clock, rain or shiae..
THOS. MADIGAN.
LADIES troubled With wrinkles, pimple*,
blackheads, coar&e pores, sunken cheeks, sal-
iOwness. srray, sur>erfluous and falling "hair,
consult SJMH. FISHER. IS Powell ft.
23^E>"TRIC hght* la every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third *t.. near Market: 1M rooms;
-oc to Jl £3 p*r nigbt: *l i« to U per week:
-rec 'bu» and baggage to and from the ferry..
A, VINE suit to order *1» 7i. or pants $3 7S; our
•tpw-lmlry in retr.iiar.ts allows us to tell
oiueap-r than ready made. L." LEMOS. 1117
Market st.. bet. Tih aod Sth. prop. One-price
ra-.ior-.n* Co. ZZ2 Knraj-, near Sacto.; also
*W4 Market *t.. trader St. Nicholas.
i'ERSO.VALS.
BEJXE-CCDBT :
IS NOT A LADT.
T?!IS week crtfr— Le4e.rer. th* hairdresser, la
.^•-octton. gives each person having hair
crested and to each purchaser fine El Per-
recto Rouge: halrdresslng. 25c.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1758— BANK *ale; lerre 8- room cottage; lot Mx
130; In fine condition: close to Telegraph aye.;
house cost 12750. WILLIAM J. DINGEE, 903
Broadway, Oakland.
!"-?T(jSE; 2 shew windows and S • Urge
room*; adapted to acy barlness. 412 Sixth sL
— — ~^lilr_f.' " n^ v « a^«w aye.. nr. Geary st.
CALIFORNIA MINING.
OIL DEVELOPMENT
HB - best" «»rner lot »outh of UnlvtrtUy 0/
California, with elegant modern l-room house:
v-v -* 1 " or , r ?. ,.- - ; . M.-L. WURTS.
.- gev«oV«wtJl «.n<J Broadwar. ; Oakland, .*
"... ¦ ,-¦.¦- ¦.."• ¦ *
MISSION 1241—3 cooipJetely furnUhed ' connect- |
irar housekcrpSrg rooms; running water; up
1 night. ' • ' • : .' I
NATOMA. 2M. cear Fourtfa-2 front furnished
housekeeping rooms: water. «lnU and closet.
NATOMA. 'ta— t hausekeeplcg rooms; fcr ir.aa
MaRKKT. let— 3 ro»/ms. partly furaUbed;
light hou^keeglsi?: tt per tcocth.
BERKELIiV.IiBAL ESTATE.
UCWSS. !«. ¦* Taylor, near Port— Turee fur-
bished and unfurnished rosnii. '
LJU'.KIN Z&. cor. Golden Cate ave7— Eiegant
t.usny fcouaekeeplng: apaftni<nt«. .. .
I:T.lis:, r-€J— Thr»* rootas unfurnished In rear
fsi>use; rent $10.
1 Uf'ONT 4W— 3 furnlfhed housekeeping room*;
North B-sxb; 57 roootb. Inquire In store.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOMS VOII HOISEKEEI'IXG.
fAUrORXIA. 2i2B— Sanny parlor* cr rooms for
!«.ght housekeeping; ga* range; reasonable;
referesces exchanged.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
March. 19C-0.
Shipping Intelligence.
maciii.\ks
U SL'I'I'LIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold: machine sup-
plie*. Standard 'Agency. Ui 6th: pbene Mint ii.
ALL kinds bought.. sold, exchansed. rented; re-
palrinr at lowent rate*.. 205' Fourth st.
3^-(<i_\VORTH $4fl00: store. $ roomr. bath: f.at
above, i rooms, bath, rented. $30. 14J7 PacWe.
TWO flat*". 4 ani ."¦ rw>ms: bath: part cash, bar
- r .-•<• can remain. 173 Cock tt. •
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alexander and Nellie A. Bond and Charles
and Lucy J. Morton to Ermenegildo di Vecchlo,
lot on N line of Hayes street. «:§ W of Laguna.
W 37:6. N 120, .E 25. 8 4». E 12:6, S 72; $«. .
Hannah E. Driscoll .to Catherine M. Sulch,
lot on S line of Ellle street, 108:10 W of Laguna,
W 0:2 by 8 10; JlO.
Theresa E. Nelson to E. L. Fitxgerald. lot on
S line of Post street, 1«7:4 W of Webster, W
24 by S 1*7:«; $10-
Julian 'E. Cmrty to Clara Carey. - lot on N
line of Pacific street, 60 E of Fillmore, E 23
by X 1!7:5U: gift.
Clara Carey to Sophia T. Trask. earn*; 19000.
Thomas F. Hearn to .Robert B. Reid. lot on
E line of Fillmore ctreet, 92 S of Union. S 2S
by E 37:«: fW.
Calvin E. and Janet Knickerbocker to H. W.
Hutton. lot on N line of Pacific avenue, 72:6
W of Broderick street. W 30 by N 127:5i4; $10.
Tpmaso and Rosa Cuneo to Frederick W.
Krone, lot on NE line of Thirteenth street.
135:74 SE of Mission, NE ISJ. SE «5.»«, S
U6:»\i. NW «l:7H: $10. -¦
John W,' and Cella Hughe* to George S.
Crim. lot on N line of Twenty-«eeond street,
125 W of Bryant, W H by N 100: 111
Ellen HaTloran. James E. and Joseph J.
Meagher. Esther L. McMenomy. Mary- A.,
Hannah G. and Daniel C. Meagher to Bridget
Meagher. lot on N line of Valley street. 306
W of Sanchez. W 26 by N 114:. also lot. on S
line of Twenty-el girth street. iC6 W el. San-
chez, W 25 by S 114; also lot on S line of
Twenty-eighth street, 205 E of Noe, E JS by S
225. quitclaim deed; $10. '.
Estate H. F. Emeric (by Elizabeth Emeric,
executrix) to Henry E. Botltf n, lot on £W
corner of Jack*on and Sansome streets, - W
62:8 by S 67:«; IH.OOO. -
Mary E. Higgln* iKenny) to John J. Kenny,
lot on N line of Pacific street, 157:8 E of Tay-
lor. E 20. N 74, E JO, N' 3:«. W 4«, S 77:6; $18.
William Crane j Spencer to George T, Poult-
ney. ]<vt on NW corner of Br«nnan street and
Center place, being 332:6 E or Third, SW «:*
by NW SO; $19r - ' ¦ '-
Builders' Contracts.
Charles Stunker. and F.EhJers (owners) with
Henry Jacks (contractor), architect Charles J.
I. Devlin— Cabinet work, painters and flniahers'
work in ; connection ¦ with counter*, - shelving,'
cases. ¦ bar outfit -and -other store fixture? 10
be installed. tn building on lot on NW corner of
O'Fanell and Mason streets, N 30 by W 80;
HO7Q. "-:' ' ¦-¦-¦¦ •- ' ¦'¦ ¦¦¦¦¦' ¦'¦' ' ¦ ' ¦¦''. - »
Joseph Palllassou' (owner) utth A. W. Law-
son icontraeior), architect 5 Jules . Godart—
Trenching. ' leveling, brick and concrete I work
and iron materials fqr a two-story frame build-
Ing (flats) an * lot on S line of Pine street, 106:3
W of Fillmore. W 25 by S 127:6; $9*5.
Same owner.witb L- H.; Perramont (contrac-
tor), architect same— Carpenter.* mill and stair
work, tin, cast, ¦ wrought and galvanized iron,
plastering, lathing,-' ftllins. hardware, elecirle
bells, glazing, etc. for same on *ame; 33525.
Osborne-J.' Meads (flwnw) - with - John i. T.
Quirk (contractor), architect J.*H. LJttlefleid—
Carpenter 'work for a two-etory and basement
frame building (nat«Von lot!on,E line of How-
ard - street. 221 » S /of I Seventeenth, .8 21 . by r E
123:«; WMo. ,¦ ..:...-.. ,¦¦¦-- ; . » ¦'¦,-.'¦• ¦•¦
¦ Nathan D. Newman (owner) with Val Franx
(contractor). ¦ architect "-: Philip / Schwerdt— Ex-
cavation* concrete. -brick and carpenter "work.'
etc., * except tiling, plumbing, patntir.g, fixture*
and ahade* for a two-story frame building with
attic and basement on lot on N line of Page
street. UJ:SH-W-of Central avenue <Lot» street),
W:n:2^ hv M JS7:«: 54700. ¦ vi ¦
SI'KCIAL *«>TICES.
IX»R sale, cheap— New 2-etory houoeu. 1 re
latest Improvements: Noe and Hill sts.;
Oa*tro-rt car*: patent sidewalk.
FCiH sale cheap — Bush St.. eaft of Van Ness
»v«. ; houee of 11 roomr: conservatory. laun-
dry and bath: beautiful rur.ny lot J?xl!7:6.
Apply store. 1126 Larkln *t."
ZIF ycu have lots in Richmond district, north of
tfce Park, that >ou wuh to sell quickly then
call on W. i GtTNN. 533 California st.
JONES, 230t-A rleaeant sunny suite; beet in
the city; slro sir. fie room;, with board; terms
very r»*»onable.
TO SAIL.
A— HOTEL I^a Normandie. 22S Eddy— Sunny
sui: *t> acd ainglr rooms; everything new; ftrst-
clas* table and iwrvlce; prices moderate.
THIRD. JJSIj - Sunr^- fumUhei rooms for
V.ou»ei»e«^4ng: rent modrrste. - -¦
THE OAKS. 11» Third— A good, roomicg bouse
Xor rood people- R. HUjBHEf. PneprteUir. •
TaTIjOR, 147. corner Edd>— Lara-e sunny fur-
filched room*. tran«Jent cr permanent, from
:i W up. '
ST. . TETER'S House, 70i California— Chanceti
hanie; nicely furnished moms; aiaa house-
keefiir.g rooms.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARBIVX.
6AN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor, near Market— Up-to
date, fireproof building: electric elevator: new
furniture? hct. cold water: radiators: suites
and finite: rooms jrpreciated when »een.
ROSEDALE Hc*u#e, 31S & 3*l Ellis ct.-Roomi.
rJsht. 2U: tc Jl; week. >1 25 to I*: open night.
BIRTHS— MRRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will net be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the puWlcatton offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to ha.ye the same published.
BORN.
ANDREWS— In this city. February 22, IXO, to
the wife of Nelson Andrews, a daughter.
one other of importance, the Mountain
Copper Company practically monopoiizia<
the product.
The development of copper properties re
mains very active, but few are produc
ing. Those that are producing do so by
making small shipments of- ore to S?lby"«.
These shipments are reported to be In
creasing somewhat, but they do npt meas
ure the activity of the copper field. Most
of the copper prospects being develojM?J
are being opened to sell or bond. Ihe
owner often ship? a little ore to help him
along, but most of it at such mines is left
on the dump. A good ore dump is not i
bad thing when investors and promoters
come smelling .around. If the price of
copper stays up for a year longer several
copper producing mines, will be add**', to
the liet. The urwaterinsr of the old Cop
peropolis mine goes on, but It is not known
whether the Boston owners figure on
working or selling it. The Copper King
mine, on the same belt as the Ne Pl'Jd
Ultra, Is being developed by its Engjlsh
owners, who plan a smelting plant. ,
There is and long has been a smelter
proposition announced here or there in t-e
State with each new. moon, but the plans
are generally to be traced to a windy
promoter. One recent announcement in
cluded a cattle ranch to -furnish beef t>
the worknien. . '
As the Kern River oil field develops
it promises to be'large and steady, but
not a prolific producer. It will soon be
shipping a considerable quantity of oil,
much of which the Santa Fe has con
tracted for, and will doubtless add largely
to this year's oil product.
Only very general information about
this field has been furnished. Little scien
tific study has been given it. The wells
which have struck oil so far show it to
be nearly four miles square, lying a little
northeast of Bakersfield, close to the,
Kein River. It is peculiar among Cali
fornia oil fields in that its oil-bearing
strata are not steeply inclined, but lie quite
flat*, pitching to the west at the rate of
only about 120 feet jto the mile. There
are several strata of oil in which the
oil Is retained by strata of clay no shales
occurring. The succession of formations
is shown by the log of the latest and one
of the deepest producing wells., the third
driven by the Peerless Company, and fur
nished by Attorney J. M. Wright of the
California Miners' Ass&eiation. This Is
the first definite report of the kind made
public. This is the way nature has piled
her layers by the Kern River: Earth,
gravel and dry quicksand, 242 feet; blue
clay. 35; water sand,. 20; blue clay, 3;
water sand. 40; blue clay. 18: oil sand, 42;
blue clay. 13; oil sand, 50: blue clay, 31;
oil sand. 101; blue clay and gravel, 13; oil
sand, 31; blue clay, 2; total, 74L
The drill has stopped in two feet of
blue clay. This is typical of all the other
-wells of the district. In this well oil was
struck at 458 feet. To the east it is found
sooner and to the west later. To the we9t
of the present oil area a well 1000 deep
has failed to strike oil yet. The oil rises
high in the wells and stands there. No
tests of the flow have been made. What
lies below the record 1 given is for fu;ur«
and deeper borings to tell. Just now ev
erybody is after the oil in siirht, and the
conditions are fine for hustling in pumps.
There are no compartments below corre
sponding to property lines above. A man
may have all the oil below him and one
welV could in time pump the whole dis
trict dry. So it is a big grabbag. and the
more wells a man gets through his acres
and the faster he pumps oil drawn from
under his neighbor the more ojl he will
get So they are going It strong- down
there and thinkin* more about pump*
than geology and laboratory, tests This
is a heavy oil, reported to afford 60 per
cent of lubricating oil and to be of high
fuel value. • '-¦'< ¦' •
California- mining, men take especial in
terest in th« bill for creating } a Cabinet
department of mines and mining because
the movement for it was begun nnd long
supported by the California - Miners' As
sociation •as ; well a* because this State
would rereive great benefit from the ope
ration of such a department. A Urge
share of- its activity would be expended
on California. -.. "\ -'¦ ¦";
The * recent favorable report of the
measure by the committee on mines and
mining to the House described the nature
of the bill and urged strong and interest
ing considerations in its favor. Tli e de
partment is placed on the same plane as
other Cabinet departments. "and of it the
report says that its design and duties
"shall be "to • ucnuiro. by/; examination,
practical and. scientific experiments, geo
logical research nr otherwise. -useful In
formation on the subject of mining in the
comprehensive sense of the word, includ
ing mines and mining-,- •¦• " * ¦; ;¦* and all
other minerals ami mineral waters, as
well as waters used in mining, manufac
turing or developing . electric- power, and
to diffuse such information among the
people of the i United States." - -
. The department < is given the Geological
Survey and* everything in other depart
ments belonging to: It so that it could
make an enrW start fairly well equipped.
It ia-provid«d'-'that'the-act shall go into
effect March 4, 1901.
California. ; in spite of Its f Mining » Bu
reau,* presents strong corroboration of the
following "':¦ observation: " '"The : : want of
practical and ; scientific * Information: on
the j subject* ; connected * wlthVmlnes ; and
mining by the people of the United States
be of incalculable industrial value. There
is nothing of the sort now. The work of
the Geolcsrical Survey- has been of much
value to the mining industry. It would be
vastly increased under the new depart
ment. . .
The splendid work the n*w Department
ojt Agriculture, for the industries it rep
resents suggests the help such a depart
ment could be to the mining interests.
The first named department has opened
markets, stimulated and guided produc
tion for them and pushed products into
them, irhas taught what, to grow and
where.. It has taught the Western farm
er in semi-arid regions all th* ways of
building a home-made windmill out. of
barrel staves and things for Jl 50 and up
ward. The mining field is filled with prob
lems. The West is full of mountains now
as unproductive as the middle of a desert,
but rich in industrial potency. If Uncle
Sam shall come to California, etudy the
mountain torrents, map their power and
measure their possibilities, he will bless
the State. If he takes hold of the hy
draulic mining problem It will be solved
sooner. A comprehensive report on the
possibilities of gold dredging here would
stimulate that promising industry. Study,
experiment and recommendation as to the.
treatment of our refractory ores would
increase their development. Reports on
our mineral resources would draw atten
tion and capital.
The petroleum lands bill has been - In
troduced in Congress by Representative
Waters upon request of J. M. Wright,
chairman of the minera-1 lands commit
tee 'of the California Miners' Association,
and has been referred. It will receive,
strong backing by correspondence and
otherwise, and will likely become a law.
The San Joaquin Valley oil field? are be
ing investigated by two representatives
of the land department, -whose report will
largely Influence the course of the Inte
rior Department In the conflict between
the oil men and the scrippera.
The new three-compartment vertical
3500-foot shaft at the Kennedy- mine is
progressing at the rate of twenty feet a
week, andls down 1063 feet. It will take
another year or so to get down to th»
2000 or 220U level, where tne first cross-cut
to the vein will be run.
J. O. DENNT.
POST. 23>— Elegant transient rooms for tourists;
ail conveniences; traveling men: elevator.
PLI'MBEBS.
W. E. LANE, phone Main 2^. CO3 Calllornla
«.: evervb.s^y's rlutr.ber.
TR. C. C. O'DONNELL— QXflce.aad mUes
1021H Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
I'UVMCIAXS AXD SURGBOYS.
MINNA. M 7. corner Eighth— New furnUhed
bay window room. (1 per week; transient.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORX. A.M., Ph.D.. lSli Unden. Oakland.
PROPOSALS.
V.-ANTED— Old icold for macufg.- Q. NOfcTE.
Jeweler. S4S O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
IVY AYE.. " 223, near Franklin— Three very
pleasant large rooms; bath and ga?; {13.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
HOWARD. £2S— Rooms :5c to {1 a night; SI to tt
a week: also housekeeping.
IF yoa wish full value for your cast-off «:
ir.g caU on B. Cohen. 157 Third: tel. Black
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
nx.mt.-jt house; 11 E0 to {• prr week.
PUBLIC sale— There will be sold at public auc-
tion at Navy Yard. Mare laland. Cal., on
Saturday, March 10. ISOO, at 1 o'clock p. m..
the following articles: Eighteen old boats,
one oid wagon, five cows. Terms cash on day
of saie and all articles muat be removed from
the navy yard by the purchaser within six
working days. Can be seen on application to
the commandant, navy yard, Mare Island,
LEGAL AIJVIiHTihKMEVrs.
if-ME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia; all paia leaves Uke magic from her
¦wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard st.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, in suite or fir.gle. MRS. H. HYER.
gc-M bought: money loanea on every de-
fcript'.on of collateral. Co'.eman's. SC« Kearny.
FIFTH. 320—15; single front room; privat*
family; furnished.
FOLSOM. S€s. corner SUth (The Oliver)— Sunny
fum'sTied rooms; suite* or tingle; new mgmt
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tujners. make-up and wigs: country orders ao-
Ilcited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market «t.
FELL.**tS. between Gotigh and Octavta— Large
and email front rooms: newly furnished; pri-
vate family; nice neighborhood; gentlemen.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.— A dividend, No. 15, of seventy-
five cents (me) per nhare on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company. 430 Cali-
fornia *t.. San Francisco, on March 19. 13W.
Transfer bocks close March 3. 1500. at noon.
• A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
CARROLLTON. 12M Market, cor. Golden Gat*
aye, — Sunny corner: well furn.; rros. & offices.
BURNETT. 142« Market st. (old No. 11*4)— Fur-
cUb*d rms.. aultes. single; also unfurnished.
LKDERERS Qu!r.tor.ica is a harmless hair
. toc!c. Ztc a bot.: Led«rer"s Foeaa Shampoo
clg ass the scalp. Ec pkg. G. Lederer. 121 htktn.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 13 (thirty
cents per !?hare) of the Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market st.. on and
aCter Saturday, March 10. 1900. Transfer
books wJH close on Saturday. March 3,
IJOO. at 12 o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Sec
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
BOHEMIA/ 259 Pest «.. cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner suite and single rooms; bot and cold
water; elevator and all convenience*.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
EUNNY rooms, single, en suite and housekeep-
ing: J4 up. Hotel Shasta. 1226 Broadway.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
fJtvcriptlorj- has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ets.; open until ? r. m.
CORNER store; 4 living rooms and stable; lot
3SxIOO. Inquire 391 Halgbt «., S. F.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlcemecte and subscriptions has been opened
at 1"! iV« st.; opea until 9 p. m.
Neergaard. Pree. St. Gertrata Co!!e s , of
Palraiytr:-: rea^s 1 ta «. 61« Geary, cr. Jone*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
sub«criptlons has been established at lV3i Va-
lencia st.
PALMISTRY.
•f*] ALIFORNIA'S third important ere
I: «meltingr plant -has just gone into
¦ a vast amount of unavailable ore*
awaiting either smelters in their In-
callties or transportation facilities
and rates to smelters eJsewhere that v.lll
leave a profit on the ore mined. There are
regions In this State from which base
ores are being, to a small extent, packed
on mules twenty miles or more over trails
and hauled fifty or more miles to a rail-
road for shipment to Selby's. Yet such
rich mines can hardly be developed'now.
The quartz mining boom in Shasta County
caused by the Keswick smelter illustrates
what -smelting facilities would-mean in
cos"v f2Sf^cSiA nS"nt r d Plam3, a"
costly, and a custom plant demands a
great ready supply of ore.-
• The new smelter is that of the Califor-
nia Copper Company, which has develsned
and is working the Ke Plus Ultra copp-r
«,!„<> »„ \i o,iL,. rv»,,,,»». *v,i>. JTi
mine, in Madera County, thirteen miUs
from Madera, on'the Raymond branch
railroad. It is a small plant, consisting of
one 100-ton steel water jacket stack fur-
nace and the auxiliary equipments, and
the ore is shipped to it from the min<? by
rail.'The product is matte, which SjHl
shipped East for refining. These new op-
eratlons will add a good deal to the cop-
per output of the State this year, iladera
becomes the second copper producin,
point of the State, because there is only
Jls apparent. It Is difficult if not practi
call >* impossible to eel real data—the nee
jlf w^own at all. are beyond the reach of
the people. Xo country In the" world 13
richer in ;its mineral resources than our?.
and yet we probably have.les3 lnforma-
Uon ,, u P«nth.cnth. c suhiect,^c^^i%,
gftft wSrtd "D" D other ***>** natlOn
. *
' Of especial interest In California is the
proposition that the . department Shall
make the development cf electric power
from water a special field, for nowhere in
tne world arc unused water powers 6o
many and great. Says the report: "Elec
trieity and.all other power generated by
' KST. finfsh^d M
the ore. It la therefore properly classl
fl«>d under tie iead of mines and mining.
The study, development and application
of such power, it is confidently claimed,
wl!L, make Practical and feasible the
building up of new industries where none
exlsl to.day> by r-ason of the present
prohibitory cost of fuel." '
Turn competent expert* loose along the
western slope of the Sierra Nevada* and
among the rushing streams of Northern
California, to prospect for the best elec
trie power possibilities and to set forth
the economic facts and opportunities, and
i opportunities will be -efzed by capital,
An exposition of the electric bower re
sources of this State and the presence of
expert guidance on g*n<?ra! lines would
CLASSiriED advertlsemenu and subscription*
received *t C*U branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
VAN NESS. 4CJ— 3 sunny connecting rooms,
complete 'or housekeeping; stationary tuts;
Tkrd
OFFICES AAD STORES TO LET.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
EMMA SPRECICELS !i'jll<Jlb?. 827 Market
«urry ofS**-.. 115 per month.
TT.RK, WJ— LtLrg* front room, complete for
housekeeping; coai Move; ga* and bath;
rent »10.
VALENCIA. 1232— Housekeeping rooms, sunny,
furnished; reasonable to. right party; no child.
Copper Smelting Plant for Madero— Oil in the
Kern IRiver Region— Things Expected From
: v the" New Cabinet Officer, ,
TURK, 12* — Two furnished sunny rooms; sult-
able fcr housekeeping; running. water; close*.
CHEAP— Orchard and chicken ranch of 5 or 7
acres; 4-room house, well, etc. For particu-
lars address THOS. PROUT. Dimond P. O.
£HOTWELL.:2I7— Two sunny connecting room*
for hoTjsckecplngj gaa and b*ih •
FHCIT VALE REAL ESTATE.
yy%S£^^i n g& BaSk l^;
POLK. 1217— Sunny parlor suites and kitchens:
rooms for gentlemen. It, up; bath.
FRUITVALEADVERTISEMENTS
ADCTION SALES
ROOMS FOR DOCSEKEEFISG.
THE SAX | FBXXCISCO^ G AIX, - MONDAY, r MARCHK 5, 1900.
ROACH.— In 'the" City* and^ County' Hospital.
-March 4, 1900, Mathew F. Roach, a native of
Ireland, aged 55 years." g; * ' - ' —" ': -
STACK— in this city. March 2. 19C0, Kate
" Stack, a native of Ballybunion, County Kerry,
E^TRemalns at the parlors of J. C O'Connor
¦ ... £c Co.. 7«7 Mission street. '..:,:
SWSENET— In this city, March 3. . 1900, - Mag-
¦ gle, beloved wife of Daniel Sweeney, mother
of WiMe Sweeney, daughter of Patrick and
¦ the late Bridget Gamble, -and sleter of Rich-
ard William. Annie and Francis -Gamble, a
native of 6an Francisco, aged 29 years.
E7" Friends end acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend* the funeral this day
<MonJay). at'S:3o o'clock, from her late resl-
¦ dence 17*4 Sumner street, off Howard, near
Eighth, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem high mass wlll.be celebrated for
the rrpose of her poul .at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount -Calvary Cemetery. ? - . ,
TENNENT— Paseed -Hnt»- re«. In this elty.
March 4. 1900. Maria L. Tennent. widow lof
' the late John H. Tennent, and beloved mother
of Mrs .W. P. Harrington • and Mrs. Horace
Beach, a native of Ohio. ¦
in?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
WALTER— In this city, March 3. -1900, ' at his
home, surrounded by Ms family. David N..
-beloved - husband of Hannah Walter, and
father of Mrs. Moses Heller. Mrs. Abe Mer-
tlef and Clarence R. and Herbert D. Walter,
a native of Germany, axed 62 years and 6
"months. ' ¦
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited : to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 3700 Van Ness avenue." Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by special train
from Thfrd and Townsend streets at 10:3o
o'clock. Iris the expressed wish of the fam-
ily that friends omit all floral offerings-. •
WEMMER— In Oakland. March 3. 1900. Dora,
beloved wife of Caspar Wemmer/and mother
of Hermann. Albert, Clara and Else Wem-
mer. a native of Sachsen-Meinlnsen, Ger-
many. -aged 40 years. : ' ,
fETFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
thie day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
res'dene'e. 527 Market street. Oakland. 'In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
WHITE— Ir. this city, March 3. UCO. < And
White, a native of Ireland, aged 84 years.
C7The funeral cervices will take place
tiiis day (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, at St.
Paul's Episcopal Church. California street,
near Fillmore. Interment private. a,t Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.' '
WHYTE— In Golden Gate. March 3. 1900. Llllie
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Neil Whyte, mother
of Malcolm C Whyte. daughter of F. A. and
Jane Koegel, and sister of Edward. David.
-William J. and Frank A. Koegel. a native of
San FranclECO, aged 42 years i months and 4
days. - . ... ~ .
E7TTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at Sr3o o'clock, at her
late residence. 1074 Fifty-ninth street. Golden
Gate." Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WOODS— In this city. March .2, 1900, at the
residence of her cousin, Mrs. A. A.. OsDorn.
500 Church street. Jennie Martin Woods, a
uctlve of Albany. N. Y. (Montreal, Canada,
and Cohoes and Albany, N. V.. papers pleaee
copy.) ' ¦
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral sendees
. this day (Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the
residence. 550 Church. Remains to be sent to
-.Albany, N. :Y.;.fcr Interment.
WYANT— In this city, March 3. 1900. Clark A..
dearly beloved husband of Ellen Wyant. and
father of Ida Wyant and Mrs. H. OUphant. a
native of Indiana, aged 50 years { months and
17 days. (Dennisoc Texas, and Fort Smith.
Ark., papers please copy.)
ICyilemainf! at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co.. I^7 Mission street. ' . ' .
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND Branch Offlce of The Call re-
moved to HIS Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisement* and subscriptions reoelved.
ROOMS TO LET — For*, and In furn.
AUCTION!
AUCT»ON! AUCTION!
¦' " ¦:- WEDSESDAY.
WEDNESr^AT v ...... MARCH 7TH
BY CATALOGUE.
At 11 <y clock A. St. on Premises,
516-518 WASHINGTON STREET.
• v "BOARD OF'HEALTH DEP'T.
Sir: A proper fumigation having been mad«
of tbe quartermasters* sureties, tents, etc at
61S Washlncton st.. you «r« at liberty to pro-
ceed with the sale. A. P. O'BRIEN.
Health Of2c«.r.
60VEBNMENT SALE!
Sale consisting of 2000 Teats: SOOO Cttrtataa
and Nets; CPOO Duck and Dr til Mattress Corera:
KtO Sleeping Bags: Coo Pillow*; 49D0 Shelter
Tenl»; 500 German Bllver Band ißstnimenta.
Baft* and Snare Drams: 100 Filters: SCO Galvaa-
!zed Water Buek-ts: MO Assorted ShoveU. etc.
Contractor*. Kiandncem. resort-keepcra. camp-
er*. - hotels, steamboat*. s*tlma.k»T9. tent aal
»*nl7s«: makers, attention called to this sale.
NEW YORK AUCTION CO- Aoetlooeer*.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. H» Sixth— Rooms
25c to |1 per night; II 25 to io per week, and
light housekeeping; cpen all night.
OAKUM) PI'BMTI'HE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
AT 12 Second, cpp. W.* F. & Co. — Large bay?
window room: nicely fura.; also others.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
• ? ~527 SIXTH STREET.
WEDNESDAY. March 7. at 11 a. ml
By order of Mayor Phelan we will -ell a lot
cf CITT HORSES. SULLIVAN 4 DOTLE,
HARRISON. "7JSA— Elegantly furnished room,
suitable for one or two gentlemen; bath.
IVT AYE; 223. near Franklin— Three very large
sunny rooms; lovely yard; J9.
LARKIN. 631— Front room for gentleman, J6;
res and batb; also housekeeping. ~ '
United States Coatt and Geodetic Survey—
Tlm»s and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Pcint. entrance to tiaa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The Msh ana low waters occur at
the city front (Ulssloc-street wharf) about
t»tf.;>>!l'« aztnute* later tnan at Fort Point;
She beigiu of ric& la the sane at both places.
NINTH. 20. near Market— One single room: $4
O'FARRELL. 28— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric light* ; day. wk.. mo.
PIERCE, iaw, cor. Filbert— Eleeant sunny
cor. suite; use of kitchen: 11-.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. February 7, 1900.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will he re-
ceived here until 12 o'clock in.. March 9. 1900.
and then opened, for furnlsnlng cats, barley
and bran, for Presidio of San Francisco. CaL.
during remainder of fiscal year ending June
30. 1908. Government reserve* right to reject
pr accept »sy and all bids, or any part there-
of. Preference given to articles of domestic
production, conditions of quality and price
(including In the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal, and such pref-
erence given to articles of Anierican produc-
tion produced en ihe Pacific CcaK to extent
cf consumption required by the public service
there. Infoimatlcn furnished on application to
J. M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster
General. U. S. A.. Chief Quartermaster.
POST. *31 — Twp small sunny rooms, furnished.
(S -teh per month: Proteriant Christians;
csitker drink nor smoke In the house.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable toi;
suites or (Ingle; running water; -gas; reag.
POWELL. 532A — I^arge sunny front rooms;
newly furnished'; 'suitable for gentlemen.
ROTAL Houre. j?* Ellis et.— lncandescent light,
reading room, tmok'.r* room and lade* par-
lor; rocms. per night. Zlc to 51 £o;.week, 12 to
tt; month. }t to %S: elevator' on office floor;
rocrr.c with hot and cold water: baths.
SEVENTH. VC— 2 nicely furnished front rooms
for lijht housekeeping; also single room.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the eariy rnomiag tides are glren In tba left
hand coJurv.n acl the sneces«iv« tH-» of th«
C»y Id the order of aerorreace a* to time. Tii
>ecor.d t!rr» rotasza gives the secccd tide of
l!ie «lay. t>e third time column th« talrd U&*
ar.l the last or right hand column gires ta«
last tliJ* nf the Air. f\c*it wk«l to-re are b«t
ihree tl»l»s. a* »*>!wetlr»>#« occur*. Th» belght^
riven are Ui tuiililoa to the »3UT"i!nrs on ta<
United States XToast Por»ey charts, except
when a mla«*» rixn <— > nrecrtea tB» height.
siui then -he nunsber given )• sot>traete<t from
ih* aer'.h clveo by tl-.* charts. The plane c!
r»'>r«iiiy jm the mean *t the |t>-«ryr low w«ter«.
SHERSIAN Apartment Hou?e. 2$ Eighth «.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. S»— Room*, tl 25 to $2 SO; also house-
keeping rooms: closet tn every room.
TaVLOR. !•?. cor. Eddy— Sunny furnished front
rooni*, suitable for office*; al?o ether cnes.
from X iA up.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
sut'»rrtpUoa« has been established at ICS6 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for Call «u!vertl*ements and
subscriptions has been established at the
nortbwMt corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky eJ».; open nntll t p. m. ' ' '
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
HOTEiT^FTIRsToUNT. 1714 Ma rketTt!— Ele-
gaotly famished sunny rooms; en suite or *tn-
gie: with .or witbovt beard; tab!* Crst class;
reduced rates.
NEW family hotel : nrst clars In all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to
tt\"< t people. £07 California *t.. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
LAS PALMAP. IS2O Market st.,— Suite of 2 or 3
rnu.; private: bath: sin. rtcsi; board optional.
VAN NFKS. !>44 (The Wallace)-Rooins and
board: reasonable: modern conveniences.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mode;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION' CO.,
415 Montgomery n.. rootof J-10; tel.'Utfl.
ROOMS par^red from *3: whitened. SI up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. Sl9 Third.
STOIIACE A.\D WAIIEIIOL'SES.
PIERtTE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co-
Offlce. 401 Pt>« tt.. <f-r. PowWI; let. Main i7tt.
ALAMEUA HKAL ESTATK.
|ltn<v— COßNF-R lot; Santa Clara a\-"e. ; 50x150;
near Morton-«t. station. -
llvOO— Fine lot; SOxliO. Paru st., nter the
Mr: bargain. • ~. ¦
*1««— Elegant lot. west tide of Lafayette St.,
r.ear Srn Antonio aie.; soap.
$5200— New modern S-room houre: Alameda
avenue, pear Lafayette st. ; latge )"t.
fZM>— New Culonlal, 7-room cuttage; Grand
M., near Alameda aye.; rasy Installments;
larfre tot; snap.
iUrcaln* l'_ all pans nf Alameda; all the
above can be .buugbl on easy terms.
Office cpen Sundays and evrnlr.es.
ALAUKDA LAND COMPANY",
l»de Park St., Alam*da. .
C. C. KKMIS. Ural IMata and Uenrral LanJ
Acen«.~Ci Montgomery st.
In Berkeley- r C"orner lot (7x150, wltn modern
lieu*e «f * rnnro». " ¦
DOUBLE parlors, dtr.lr.tr ronra. bedtoam, fine
ha^ement. ground* ami Imlt treni: summer
lioute; close to rlation: reacnnable to right
j«rty: references exchanged. I 2WI Central
ave^. Alameda. • .
HERKELEV ADVERTISEMENTS
DIED.
Ansbach. Antone O'Brien. Ellen
Anthony. Edward T. Pbelan. Mrs. Alice
Blake. John P. Ri«l. Ellen A.
Brehm. Gecree Hoaeh. Matfcew F.
Bryant. Fred W. Stack. Kate
Cunniff. John Sweeney. Maggie
Dallas James Tennent. Mana L.
Dicklne. Alice M. J. Walter. David N.
Ellis. Minnie.. Wemmer. Dora
Hasselbush. John V. White. Ann
Hearn*, Bertha A. Whyte. LlUie E-
Menton, Mamie Wpods, Jennie M. ,
Milieu. Delia Wvant, Clark A.
Murphy. John
ANSBACH-In the City and County Hospital,
.ilarch 4, IS*), Antone Ansbarti, a native of
'. tjermajiy. ated «7 years.
ANTHONY— tn thU city. March 3.- 1900. Ed-
ward T. Anthony, beloved father of Carrie A.
Arnold of Los Angele* and Edward A.. Mark
and Herbert M. Anthony, and brother of Wil-
liam T. Anthony, a native of Nsw York; aged
£6 years.
C^T Notice of funeral hereafter.
BLAKE— In Oakland, March 2. ISOO. John P.,
beloved busband of LiziU Blake, father cf
Eladla and Harold Blake, and brother of
Thomas ami Flossie Blake and Mrs. James J.
Murrr. a native of Grass Valley. Cal., aged
S3 years 11 months and 5 days.
ZJT Friends and acquaintances. are, respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thi* day
(Monday), at * o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 354 East Sixteenth street, thence to St.
Anthony's Church, whfere a solemn requiem
mass wltl be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:39 o'clock.. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
BREHM— In this city. March 4, 1900, George,
beloved son of. Adam and Lena Brehm. and
brother of Walter and Alfred Brehm. a na-
tive of San Francisco, a£«d 7 years 1 month
and 27 days.
BRYANT— In this city. March 4, 1900. Fred W.,
beloved hu* D*ll<lD * Il<1 of Carrie Bryant, and father
of Clara Bryant, a native of England, aged
25 years. .
CUNNIFF— In Ea*t Oakland, March 3. IMO.
John, beloved husband of the late Catherine
Cunniff. and father of Mary, Ida and Thomas
Cunnllt and Mrs. Forniea. a native of Ire-
land, need (3 years 9 months and 1$ days.
C7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitfd to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 669 Eaf t Twelfth street. East Oakland,
thence to St. Anthony's Church, where a sol-
emn reuuiem .mass will be celebrated for the
repose of hi» soul, commencing at 14:3o
o'clock. Interment St, .Mary's Cemetery.
Oakland.
DALLAS— In this city, March !. 19C0, Jarae*.
beloved '¦ husband of the late Annie Dallas,
father of Annie Dallas, and brother of John.
Robert. George and Mary Dallas and Mrs.
Joseph McDonald, a native of Ireland, aged
41 years and 2o days.
jryi-'riendi- and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Kervice*
this day (Monday), at 11 o'clock, at his late
residence, 2*5 Seventh ntjreet. Interment pri-
vate In Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit
flowcis.
DICKiNS-In this city. March 2. 1900, Alice M.
J., widow of the late Thomas W. Dickins,
atfed 71 year* and 10 months.
CXKuncriii this day (Monday), at 10
o'clock, from her lale residence, 1632 'Broad-
way. Interment private/
ELLIS— In the City and County Hoepltal,
March' 4. I>»*. Minnie Ellis, a native of Ne-
vada, aged tt year?.
HASSELBUSH— In this city, March 3. IMC.
John E- Hanir'wihli, beloved busband of Al-
winer Hasseibush, a native of Germany, aged
ta years 6 months and 14 <2a>«.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, frum the parlors of
Cb»rlM J. H. Metxler. 6SS Washington street,
thence to Verein Einrracht Hall. 237 Twelfth
*lre«?t, where services will be li«l-l un'or the
auspices cf the VerHn HUUracht. commenc-
ing* at 2 o'clock. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
HCAHNS— In this city. March 4. IMS. Bertha
A., beloved wife of C. H7 Hearns, a native of
New Yoik. aged 17 years and 2 months.
MENTON— In this city, March 4. I*oo. Mamie
Menton. beloved daughter of the late Mar-
garet Menton. and sister of the late Catherine
Menton, a native of Bos ton, Mass., aged 2$
years.
SIILLETT— In this city, March 4. mo. Delia,
beloved wife uf John E. MMillet.t t. mother of
Klaitte MillHt, daughter of Mary and the late
John Kenny, ani dearly loved sister of Mamie
Kenny, Mm. Carl Summer and the la:e James
E-. John F- and Thoma? Kenny, a native of
S«n Francisco.
MKRI'HY— In th> City an.d County Hospital
March 4. ISW. John Murphy, a native of Mas-
su<-huretts, aged 2d years. ¦ , ¦-/
O'I!RIKN— In thU city. March 4, 1900. Ellen,
beloved wife of Jeremiah O'Brien, mother of
Kdnor snd-Manr O'Orien,' and sister of Mr*
Masgle FUssrerald. Mrs. Annie Reid.; Mrs.
Kate Keily and James J. and Lizzie Cantlen*
a native </f San Frjinclsco, aged 33 years and
3 rounths. \
PHIiI.AN-» There will be an anniversary mass
of requiem for the late Mrs:. Alice Phelan at
St. Ignatius Church to-mt-rrow (Tuesday) ' at
* o'clock. -:¦-.¦- . ,
ItIEIV- In .this city. March 3. ISC*). Ellen a
ltled. a native uf Georgia, aged 43 years *
C7The funeral * will take . place this 'day
(Monday).' at 2:SB o'clock. : from the parlors of
J M.-C. O'Connor & Co.; 7«7 Mission street. In-
terment I«nurel'HHl Cemetery, v :\\'i -
IN ~th.e HlHegass Tract — New house of »
roemi, v.ith all the idlest impruv^ments; lot
ViiWr. a bargain.
-;. UACO.V * McLENATH«N.
. - Adjoining P. 0.. Berkeley.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER C 0..;
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher), •
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL.MERa,
, 10 Fifth ft.', opposite ¦. Lincoln School.
' . .'.- ' .-Telephone South SO. * ; ,;.-.,.;
¦:'MpAVOY «Jb CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMK]
- 1235 Market st., >>*tw9en tth and 9th.
-; . • telephone South 147. - ; /
9
HAULING WATER FROM KERN RIVER TO OIL WELLS.
• New Moon.
March 1.
~ "7 ~~ "T ~T "T m Ftrai Qnarte r ,
; 9 March 7^
€ Last Quarter.
March 23.
55 3* 137 a S> 30 SI A *« w Moon.
" I I I I I |W March 20.
w ITJroei iTlnuM jTlm«> [Tlmei
• « Ft. I— 1 Ft. ' 1 Ft. I 4 Ft.
-• Ihw! \u wt iii vn ',v wi
i ... l-.ilt 5.71 »:?»;. 9.*\ S:K, 4.sf *^7." t.\
* ... SrJT! *.7 9:3» t.4 *:T* 4.V »^9 t.»
? ... ' 3:!« «.S I»:t2 8.4 £:43 I» 18:11! 1.1
« ... 4t&' II : 11:55 0.4 I:«5i S.St llMi J.I
9 ... 5:35| 4.5112J?" o.«t S:C*t 4.1! I
IL TV] »H W 11. TTf IH TV!
1» ... o#»t i.l\ «:«»! t.O 5 I^*' »-f! «:«' ?-?
U ... iaS* I.t! 7isf 5«! t:4l| Oj; »J5 4.S
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
I/anJ«r jKotctiaatzu 'Mar. 5
.... .{China and Japan. 'Mar. s
Empire - ',Cons.Bay -iMar. S
tr*«cent Ctty.. v.i«»cent City Mar. i
Aeapulco jFiaaiiia Mar. 3
Hathor (Km-ofe Mar. 5
A. Hiisih»rt..<. t £o» Day - ...Mar. *
Czarina Poget Sound.. I Mar. 5
Portland Oyster Harbor (Mar. S
South Portland. Oyster Harbor , Mar. S
Coo* Bay Newport.. ..... liar. *
Columbia Portland.. ....Mar. S
Aberdeen J Pusrt Sound Mar. *
£«o*tcr Seattle Mar. «
B«mea. .IKuirboMt. '.... Mar. 7
San Joce..: Acapulco Mar. 7
r-or;i.a Saa Ififtsa .- Mar. 4
City ft Pii?bla Victoria A Pucet Sound Mar. 9
Point Arena.... Point Arena ....»„.. Mar.- t
Arcata .-.; Coos Bay .'.. iMar. «
Orizaba JHumboldt Mar. t
Mariposa ii»ydner iMar. »
Brirtol Oyster Harbor.. Mar. •
Bonita Newport Mar. » .
Homer Portland Mar. 1>
Newport k Panama ..- Mar. 1)
State of Cat.... Portland Mar. 11
Newbunr Grays Harbor .....".. IMar. 11
North F&rk Hurnboldt Mar. 11
Gaelic ...... 'China and Japan.. Mar. 13
Geo. W. Elder. [Portland Mar. 1«
Zte*wtT.
Dewtl nation.
Falls.
| Pier.
Orizaba ....jMomboWt Mar. S. JpmPUr »
Gr Dollar.. (Gray* HarbonMar. S. 4pm :
Aloha' JCrescent City. Mar. 6. Zpm Pier t
Pomona ...|S*n Duga Mar. C.-11 amifler U
North KorklHambaMt Mar. «. 9am Pier t
Am Maru.jChlna* Japan Mar. T. Ipm PMS3
Walla WaHIVU & Pst Sd. Mar. 7. Warn Pier *
Aurtralli ..iHonotuln...... Mar. !, !pmPUr 7
Ban Pedro.. iHumbolit Mar.* 7. 4pm Ptvr 13
A BlanchM.Coo* Bar Mar. 7. 5 pnojPUr U
Curacaa ... Meilco Mar. i. Warn Pier II
Cttem Bay... Newport....... Mar. t. »am Pier it
Samoa HumboMt Mar. >. 10 am Pier U
O W El<J*r Portland Mar. ». Wun Pier!*
Corona ISan Diego Mar. 10. 11 am Pier 11
AMputco ..Panama....... Mar. W>. 11 rajPMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. W. I pmlPler »
Arcata Geos Bay Mar. *». JpmPlerC
Leaßdcr ... Port Arthur.. Mar. Vt
Cny PnebtalVle A PctSd-lMar.lt. lOanlPler 0
• New Moon.
March 1.
~ "7 ~~ "T ~T "T m Ftrai Qnarte r ,
; 9 March 7^
€ Last Quarter.
March 23.
55 3* 137 a S> 30 SI A *« w Moon.
" I I I I I |W March 20.
w ITJroei iTlnuM jTlm«> [Tlmei
• « Ft. I— 1 Ft. ' 1 Ft. I 4 Ft.
-• Ihw! \u wt iii vn ',v wi
i ... l-.ilt 5.71 »:?»;. 9.*\ S:K, 4.sf *^7." t.\
* ... SrJT! *.7 9:3» t.4 *:T* 4.V »^9 t.»
? ... ' 3:!« «.S I»:t2 8.4 £:43 I» 18:11! 1.1
« ... 4t&' II : 11:55 0.4 I:«5i S.St llMi J.I
9 ... 5:35| 4.5112J?" o.«t S:C*t 4.1! I
IL TV] »H W 11. TTf IH TV!
1» ... o#»t i.l\ «:«»! t.O 5 I^*' »-f! «:«' ?-?
U ... iaS* I.t! 7isf 5«! t:4l| Oj; »J5 4.S
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
I/anJ«r jKotctiaatzu 'Mar. 5
.... .{China and Japan. 'Mar. s
Empire - ',Cons.Bay -iMar. S
tr*«cent Ctty.. v.i«»cent City Mar. i
Aeapulco jFiaaiiia Mar. 3
Hathor (Km-ofe Mar. 5
A. Hiisih»rt..<. t £o» Day - ...Mar. *
Czarina Poget Sound.. I Mar. 5
Portland Oyster Harbor (Mar. S
South Portland. Oyster Harbor , Mar. S
Coo* Bay Newport.. ..... liar. *
Columbia Portland.. ....Mar. S
Aberdeen J Pusrt Sound Mar. *
£«o*tcr Seattle Mar. «
B«mea. .IKuirboMt. '.... Mar. 7
San Joce..: Acapulco Mar. 7
r-or;i.a Saa Ififtsa .- Mar. 4
City ft Pii?bla Victoria A Pucet Sound Mar. 9
Point Arena.... Point Arena ....»„.. Mar.- t
Arcata .-.; Coos Bay .'.. iMar. «
Orizaba JHumboldt Mar. t
Mariposa ii»ydner iMar. »
Brirtol Oyster Harbor.. Mar. •
Bonita Newport Mar. » .
Homer Portland Mar. 1>
Newport k Panama ..- Mar. 1)
State of Cat.... Portland Mar. 11
Newbunr Grays Harbor .....".. IMar. 11
North F&rk Hurnboldt Mar. 11
Gaelic ...... 'China and Japan.. Mar. 13
Geo. W. Elder. [Portland Mar. 1«
Zte*wtT.
Dewtl nation.
Falls.
| Pier.
Orizaba ....jMomboWt Mar. S. JpmPUr »
Gr Dollar.. (Gray* HarbonMar. S. 4pm :
Aloha' JCrescent City. Mar. 6. Zpm Pier t
Pomona ...|S*n Duga Mar. C.-11 amifler U
North KorklHambaMt Mar. «. 9am Pier t
Am Maru.jChlna* Japan Mar. T. Ipm PMS3
Walla WaHIVU & Pst Sd. Mar. 7. Warn Pier *
Aurtralli ..iHonotuln...... Mar. !, !pmPUr 7
Ban Pedro.. iHumbolit Mar.* 7. 4pm Ptvr 13
A BlanchM.Coo* Bar Mar. 7. 5 pnojPUr U
Curacaa ... Meilco Mar. i. Warn Pier II
Cttem Bay... Newport....... Mar. t. »am Pier it
Samoa HumboMt Mar. >. 10 am Pier U
O W El<J*r Portland Mar. ». Wun Pier!*
Corona ISan Diego Mar. 10. 11 am Pier 11
AMputco ..Panama....... Mar. W>. 11 rajPMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. W. I pmlPler »
Arcata Geos Bay Mar. *». JpmPlerC
Leaßdcr ... Port Arthur.. Mar. Vt
Cny PnebtalVle A PctSd-lMar.lt. lOanlPler 0OOLDBEBa, BOWEN * COS SPECIAL SATIKQ SALE
GOLDBERG
BOWEN
StCD
Fish for Lent
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Mackerel ' 10 ib kit $i so-
New catch . • J mackerel 25C
White meat .*
CodflSh-<astem-boned 5 Ib box 60C
reg'ly 70c and 25c 2lbbrick2oC
Many nice ways to cook codfish
BrOOk trOUt— reg'ly 25c • 2OC
May be served hot or cold
The hobby of our cigar department
— bit cigars
Sardines— i*pa. \% 20c
regularly 25c tin
Good French fish In pure olive oil .
Sardines— Royan \ 15C
regularly 20c / "
a la Vat el and Bordelaise
variety in the**flavor
Oysters— our choice 15c 25c-
reg'ly 20c and 30c tin
We nave cheaper oysters
— these are high grade
Big Havana cigars here for a bit
Shrimps— buox% a tins 25c
reg'ly 15c tin
For salad
Salmon— reg'ly Kjc tin f lOC
Handy to have in the house ¦
CrabS— deviled . 2OC }OC
reg'ly 25c and 40c tin — shells free .
Ten recipes on each carton of. shells ?
We are told every day that tee sell
better, value in cigars— especially
i bit cigars — than others
Lobsters— reg'ly 25c tin 2OC
An appetizing dish is lobster salad
ClamS— Doxsee 15C.25C
reg'ly 20c and 30c tin .
v* Recipes on the label for clams . •
on toast— clam pie-— dam-stew
Clam boul lion-reg'iy 40c bot 35c
Prepared in five minutes ;
Handy in the sick room— welcome '
at evening entertainments v
Have a bit cigar- here—
you'll enjoy it er longtime
. BombayJduckSv - ;v 506
reg'ly 6oc tin (boneless bomaloes) .
Heat in the oven and crumb over
curry and rict
FisH paste— reg'ly 25c pot 2OC
Anchovy— bloater and ; sh ri mp— f or
sandwiches— Crosse , & Blackwell
Clarncfibwder 25c
".'. '¦'•^ reg'ly 35c tlri^Franco-Amcrican : ,
. Their name on the label warrants the
-: qualityjq.be superiqr.to all others ;
: „ Our reputation' on ' bit "cigars draws
tmokers here for other goods
Anchovies in "oil; 40c 65^
. . reg'ly 50 and 75c bottle " . >*«¦',:•-,* i
zr: F inest fish found for food . v ... \
'¦', ; rich-^-tasty^in pure olive oil
121 POST STREET.
l&9£ J^^^^J^^WG^
111. 113, 115. 117. 119.
150 Mozen. NOVELTY RIBBON TIES, with knotted fringe ends,
latest colorings.
Prices 25c to $1.75 Each.
OPENING OF THE
LENTEN SEASON
DULY OBSERVED
?
Catholics Celebrate the Oc
casion With Greatest
Solemnity.
Special ceremonies were conducted yes
terday in the Catholic churches through
out the city in commemoration of the be
ginning of Lent. The event was charac
terized by the greatest solemnity, the
Lenten season being one most strictly ob
served, especially by those of the Catholic
faith.
AEide from the regular Sunday masses
there were special I^enten services it St.
Mary's Cathedral under the auspices of
the Calvarian Society. While these ser
vices will be held every Sunday during
Lent, those of yesterday were of unusual
Interest from the fact that they marked
the first Sunday of the forty days' fast.
The ceremonies wen* conducted by Rev.
J. J. Prendergast and Rev. Charles Uirara.
The latter made the way of the cross, at
the conclusion of which Father Pren<?er
past delivered a sermon on "Peter, the
Apostle." He eaid that Peter was much
SCENE OF EXPLOSION CAUSED BY A BOY'S CURIOSITY.
THE caving of a sewer, the breaking of two gas pipes and a small
boy with a match were the sequence of events that caused t^ree hours of
excitement on Bush street, between Baker and Lyon, yesterday. It start
ed in the sewer. The sand .under the bituminous pavement has been
washing away through a hole in the sewer for some time and yesterday
morning the weight of the pavement finally caved it In. A hole twenty feet
In diameter fell out of the street and the heavy lumps of bitumen and ce
ment falling on the gas pipes tore them apart. One of the pipes supplied
a street lamp and the other a dwelling just opposite the hole, and both ran
from the gas main on the south side of the street.
The immense hole in the pavement attracted a 6rowd of small boys, and
finally one of them, who smelled the gas escaping, decided to, have. some
fun. He succeeded wonderfully well. He got a match and, going to the
edge of the hole just over the brokeeri ends of .the gas pipes, dropped the
blazing brand in. The effect was instantaneous. "With a roar and a flash
the gas burst into flame, singeing the hair of the adventurous youngster and
scattering the crowd of urchins in all directions. It was much- more of a
fire than they had calculated on, and there was no way'of stopping it either.
The office of the Board of Public Works had been notified of the break in
the sewer, but the workmen sent to repair it could do nothing until the
gas company was notified and sent some one to turn off the pressure. The
gas was burning for some time, nciting the bitumen and burning the sand
against which the flame nlayed until it turned to brick. It was quite an
object of interest while it lasted, but It did no damage except to the hair
of the boy with the match.
Another interesting sewer break occurred on Sacramento street, near
Webster, Saturday evening. In. some way the sewer became choked and
the pressure from the hill accumulating finally lifted the bitumen between the
car' tracks for a distance of forty feet right into the -air and scattered It in
all directions, while the water spouted as if from a geyser. The sewer ex
ploded with a report like that of a gun.
like the average Christian of to-day, for
when he went out of the presence of
Christ or out of the house of God he still
found that there was some pride in his
soul.
"Christ told Peter," said the speaker,
"that the time would come when he would
deny him. Peter replied, 'Though I die
with thee, I will never deny thee." It was
but a brief time after that when Peter
was asked if he were not one of the apos
tiea of Jesus of Nazareth, and he said no.
Such silence, which is practical among the
Christians of to-day, is treason to the con
science, treagon to our religion and
treason to our God. To be good Christians
we must trust ourselves and trust in God.
or otherwise our lives will -be a series of
broken vows." _
The sermon was followed by the bone
diction and the blessed sacrament. There
was special music for the occasion. The
cathedral was crowded.
Another interesting event in Catholic
circles yesterday was the particular coun
cil of the Society of St. Vincent de Baul.
The first general meeting of the year 1900,
¦representing all the conferences of San
Francisco, was held yesterday morning :it
7:45 o'clock in the hall of the Church of
St. Francis d'Assisl. Mission Dolores. At
the S o'clock mass the members marche.l
to the church to receive holy communion.
The. conference reassembled in the after
noon, when the term reports were . reud
and other business transacted.
RUSHING THE
LOADINC OF
GRAIN SHIPS
Merchants Eager to Avoid
the Tax on Wheat That '
Is Due To-Day.
TO SAVE A SMALL FORTUNE
Nine Vessels Loaded. Saturday and
the Bush Was to Get Cargoes <
Into Nine More by Mid
night Sunday.
British ships in port chartered to load
wheat were kept busy all of yesterday
and up to midnight. There was a rush to
load them that kept everybody on the
Jump, while the boss stevedores were In a
fever of excitement for fear the rain
would come down and stop the work. The
owners of the wheat were also . on the
tenter hooks, as a shower meant the loss
of several hundred dollars to them. The
State authorities were also Interested,
but they took the matter very philosophi
cally, as the money was. not to come out
of their pockets.
- At midnight of March 4 every merchant
in the State has to make a sworn state
ment of the merchandise he has on hand
and "on which he Is liable for duty. On
wheat the export; rate is about, 2s cents
per ton, and it was to save this tax that
the grain merchants were so anxious to
get the stuff afloat, as once in the hold of
a foreign-bound vessel it is not liable to
be taxed. • . /
Within the past forty-eight hours the
French bark Marie, the British bark Me
rioneth and the British ship Cleomene
have sailed, while in the stream loaded
lie the Peleus, Lyderhorn. Pass of Killia
crankie, Kelburn, Cromdale and Celtic
Monarch. These Vessels carry from 25,000
to 30,000 tons of wheat, the duty on which
would be between $5000 and $6000 were it
only ashore instead of afloat.
It was up around Port Costa that the
rush" was greatest, however, and it Is safe
to say that not a stevedore or longshore
man in that neighborhood saw the Inside
of a church- yesterday. .'At McNear's
there was the Caithness-shire, Canrobert,
Paul Isenberg and Samoena. At Bal
four's there was. the Combermere, 1 Gen
eral Gordon and Godlva, At Eppinger's
was the Clan Graham, and at the Nevada
dock was the Heathfleld. If all these
vessels were loaded last night they took
aboard between 25,000 and 30,000 tons, and
another $5000 or $6000 was saved to the
owners and lost to the Government.' The
entire fleet will probably get away during
the week and there will then be fewer
British and foreign ships in the bay than
there have been in years. In fact, all the
foreigners left in port will be the Bala
sore. Caithness-shire, General Roberts,
Lynton and Reliance. These vessels are
all under charter and will be loaded with
wheat just as soon as their inward cargo
has been discharged.
SWARMS OF DEPUTIES.
Eighty.of Them Will Start Out
From the Assessor's Office .
To- Day.
This morning eighty deputies will start
out from Assessor Dodge's office, to. see
what assessable property the people will
admit having In their possession. It will
not be left to the people altogether, how
ever, for there will be a number of depu
ties whose business it will be to look
around for movable property, such as
grain in the warehouses and car 3 upon the
Southern Pacific tracks. It does not take
lorig to roll a train of cars out of the
county, and the Assessor means to see
that they are tallied as completely as pos
sible before they start away. .
Everything a man owns at 12 o'clock to
day he may be taxed for unless the law
makes an exception. United States bonds
are not taxed and they will go up a point,
for much money will be Invested in them
before 12 to-day. ' Then the purchasers
will swear they hold only untaxable
bonds and that they did not purchase the
bonds to avoid taxation; and then when
the ass><sment has been made against
them 'Aey will sell the bonds again. De
posits/in the .United States Sub-Treasury
will take a sudden Jump, for these de
poi/ts are not taxable, and then after the
u'Zositors have sworn the money, was not
•eposited with the Sub-Treasury for th«
purpose of avoiding taxation they will go
and draw it out again. The banks have
'already made their statements to the
Bank Commission, and upon these state
ments their assessments will be largely
based. Their statements to the commis
sion were made last Saturday, and it is to
their interest to make a.s large a showing
as possible before their inspectors; there
fore their statement to the Assessor will
be about right. It is the private individ
ual, however, that the Assessor will have
the hardest time . to- reach. Men with
three or four hundred thousand dollars
out on notes will' not have to pay a cent
ef taxation upon their loans, because they
cannot be located, and millions. of dollars
in stocks and taxable bunds will be over
looked for the same reason. . .'. -. ?. ;
The personal property tax Is the bane
of every civil financial system. It is well
known that in cities the personal property
is fully if not more than equal to the real
property, yet the percentage of collection
is seldom more than 12 per cent as com
pared with, the realty tax. In this city
the percentage, it is said, amounts to 29
per cent, making San Francisco the sec
ond in the collection record in this coun-"
try. • ' - • ¦*'• ' - ~
"¦Deputies have been out for ten days or
more delivering blanks to be filled in by
property owners. This has been done for
the dual purpose of making it more cer
tain that the property is properly listed
and also to hurry the making of the re
turns. Under "the charter the tax levy
will have to be fixed by the last Monday
in June, or before the fiscal year opens,
instead of in September, as formerly. ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ CALL,:, MONDAY, MARCH 5y5 y 1900.
NEW GOODS
ALL DEPARTMENTS.
Trapper's Oil cures'rheumatlsm and neuralgia.
Druggists. s*c flask.^ Richard! * Co.; 40« Clay.
• • Dr/-Parker'« Cough Cure. ? One dose will' atop
a cough. Never fails.'- Try It.*; AH druggists.' •• ,
Bitten by a Pet Snak.
Frank Kent, a : s\iake charmer, while ex
hibiting a pet rattler to an admiring crowd
at ; the >" Chutes ¦ yesterday, S. 'was f severely
bitten in the left , hand by the reptile ;¦_ He
at once visited -I the Q Receiving/Hospital,
where the wound was cauterized by Po
lice ; Surgeon Bunnell. -£______^ '-.¦'•''
Ladies' vesting top shoes 'worth- 13 50 for
$1 GO a pair at the sale of shoes, 717 Mar-
ket street.!:- >'¦• ".¦/¦/.- '1- '•<- :r' : :-: •.-.. ¦-.
Lectured on Reincarnation.
Dr. Allen Griffiths ! lectured-last evening:
at the Acaaemy of Sciences Hall.- under
the auspices •of the Universal 't Brother
hood. His i subject was * "Reincarnation/*
He argued | that "the thinker— the sour In
many— was not"; a first creation -on the
birth of the body it occupies, but is. eter
nal, ; not only as to the future but as to
the_.rast."-- ¦¦ . -,-./ l c--'/''-'-W.. i^7 :^."' . : ..: ¦:'
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest market rates. 101 Montgomery-*
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
F"OR THE
|fe^ CAPE NOME
WS| GOLD FIELDS.
, The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
"Will Sail From San Francisco MAY 14th for the
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
Via Seattle. leavlns • there May 13th. Subse-
quent trips will be from Seattle direct namely
June 21st.* July 21st and August 20th. Passen-
gers .are advised to inssect the Senator befc.o
purchasing tickets via other steamers, as her
second-class and steerase accommodations ara
superior to the first-class accommodations on
most of the Fteamers , advertised for Nome
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company has b^ii
is --^B
KIvS *&" A"*,**, cat. OOODALU PER-
yg!^DEVVEy^pNG&CO^?V
tL ?PATEjN3TSt 3
REV. B. FAY MILLS ON
TYRANNY OF THE DEAD
Metropolitan Temple , was packed to the
doors yesterday afternoon when; the Rev.
B. Fay [ Mills began his lecture on "The
Tyranny: of the i Dead." Rev:", Mr. Mills
said in part: -.-.— •'- . '¦ '-'-:
"The dead exert an Influence over the
living that Is immeasurable, in; its results
and evil In its consequences. ; I: mean the
theories of wrong and Injustice that have
outlived .their, usefulness. It Is' in prac
tice, too; that many obsolete customs and
activities still' show their influence." : ,
Woman's suffrage and • other
topics were treated In Rev. Mr. Mills ad
dress. ;•":;¦. : .- : \ ..•¦' "-.: ' : "- :: ' ¦•''¦!'¦''
SUSPECTED ROBBER
ASSAULTS A LAWYER
Henry Hamilton, -who is employed in the
law office of Rodgers, Paterson and Slack,
was assaulted by an unknown man In
front of the Hotel Langham, at Ellis and
Mason streets, at an early hour yesterday
morning and beaten ,with brass
knuckles. Hamilton was j visiting Pete
Dorcey's saloon on Mason, street, " r near
Eddy, when he noticed an old man in the
place much the worse for. liquor..." The
stranger had considerable", money . : ,with
him and suspecting that a hard-looking
character who was standing alongside of
•the man intended; to: rob him, Hamilton,
volunteered to accompany him to the car."
After taking hold of thfe, old man's arm
Hamilton ¦ led him along Powell street |to
Ellis. Suddenly turning around the young
lawyer noticed the. evil-looking /stranger,
whom he had seen in the saloon following
them. On observing that ; he was-discov
ered the man rushed up to Hamilton and
struck him with brass knuckles.' Hamil
ton was rendered insensible by the blow,
and when he came to some time after
ward the stranger, and '.the .old man
were gone. Convinced that his 'assailant
was bent on robbing the old man Hamil
ton hurried to police headquarters and in
formed Lieutenant Birdsall of what had
happened: Two . police officers were -* at
once sent to the scene of the assault,.but
after searching various saloons and lodg
ing houses in the immediate vicinity they
were unable tc obtain' a trace of :the old
man or the suspected robber. ....:-, :,:..
.Hamilton describes his assailant! as be
ing of a rather swarthy complexion: and
was poorly , dressed. v Detectives Crockett
and Dillon, who were detailed on 'the case
by Captain Tßohen,'; yesterday ~ afternoon
learned that the man who assaulted Ham
ilton was a member of. the California Vol
unteers. Since his return from. Manila he
has been | hanging around - several < saloons
in the tenderloin district.— They confident
ly expect; to arrest him to-day. ¦•
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tendered a Pastorate.
At the close of the morning service yes
terday at "Westminster Presbyterian
Church, corner of Webster and ! Pago
streets, a meeting of the congregation was
held at which the pastorate of the church
was tendered to Rev. Eugene- E. Avery,
D. D.. at present acting pastor. It was
the unanimous wish of the congregation
that the reverend gentleman remain with
them as p*rmaT!«?nt nastor a»"1 a- »«Hj«^*-*i
ance of the offer is awaited. Rev. Dr.
Avery has been with the cniuvh b.«»c<j j^ai
September. '
GOLDBIBG. BOWEN * COS SPECIAL SAVINS SALE
Finnan haddies 12^0
reg'ly 15c Ib — back bone out
Holland herrings keg $1 30
thirty-six fish
fc Send postal for March catalogus
revised— illustrated — useful
433 Pine 232 Sutter 2SOO California San Francisco
1073 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
NEW BLACK SILK AND WOOL NOVELTY VEILINGS, CRISPS,
CANVAS CLOTHS, GRENADINES AND CREPONS.
NEW FANCY COLORED CREPONS, MOTTLED CHEVIOTS, GOLF
SUITINGS, CRISPS AND PLAIDS.,
- NEW-FANCY SM TAFFETAS, in Open Work, Corded, Plisse
... and Hemstitched Effects.
-NEW SILK GINGHAMS, FOULARD SATEENS, LINEN SUITINGS,
WASH CREPES, FRENCH ORGANDIES AND WHITE'
;NEW ALL-OVER NETS, APPLIQUE CHIFFONS, SPANGLED
NETS,. TAFFETA TESTINGS, TRIMMING LACES AND
FINE EMBROIDERIES.
NEW SILK WAISTS, SILK SKIRTS, WASH WAISTS, LACE AND
.EMBROIDERY TRIMMED SKIRTS AND GOWNS.
THE LATEST NOVELTIES-
FOR SPRING 1900.
Bartlett Morrisey Ends Up at the Harbor
Hospital With - Serious
Injuries.
HURLED SEVENTY FEET
DOWN TELEGRAPH HILL
And Worn-out Worried Mothers Find
Comfort in CUTICURA.
SOME MONTHS AGO OCR BABY'S 'HEAD GOT SORE. "We took
him to the' doctor/ who pronounced it poison arid gave us som» inedicino
' fit& ' .»« . which did no good. His head got so bad
drff&fc — ~-*\pK lie would cry all night, and my wife could
sJfaJf&flß ' i — "^ slTp none, and brgan to look ghostly.
CjWZi (C? ' "»SOr ' s iea^ &°* to : * OT ° that we put a night
?.. _ uO' \l ' ca P on l "^» an<^ folded a white cloth" four
U thicknesses inside of it, 1 and just through
\| f i][<c^^^L\ the night a kind of matter would ooze out
4 y^a V^^a^Vf from his head, soaked through the cloth
7 * n^ ca P an(^ oa '*° ue pillo w - The top
LZTky-— -^¦2L - Btsi - an^ >ac t °' v ' 8 nea^ was almost a solid
u^hfir^?o-r~r~~^jsmsiJ sore, and looked 6O badly that words would
I f • not describe it. -Almost in despair I told /
/^\^+ /?^Q^flj my wife I had scon Cuticdra Remedies
Vf' \ X^^^s*^ ' advertised and recommended very highly
yt^gß*^"^^^^ Bjff ? and I was going to try them. I bought
llVff^ • Jf^in the Ccticvha Resolvent, Cuticcha
pSSr • p*%^ Soap, and CnndDRA Ointment. We gave
/^Q$ ~ "» ky^ '. him half of the Resolvent, used part of
[ja I kT* si the cake of Soap, and before we had used
« A iko second box of Cuticura Ointment he
/ //In UL&&2&' commenced. to get better, and is now as
L '// ts^Wur\ we^ * D^ hearty M anybody* boy. He Is |
wtte^gp... , „ rpfyfw '¦ as merry as a lark, sleeps soundly all night,
and his hair looks glossy> thick » and ?° ft '
vlt^^-C^^yr^ ¦ •whilcmy wifelookslikeadifferentwoman,
•«JE^ "^ ' I look at him and think I owe it to you and
to suffering mankind to write and tell you of this almost wonderful core.
W. W. & J. E. MYERS, Box 90, Munroo City, Ind.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Evory Humor.
OonsUtlngof Cuticdba Soaf('£>c.), to clean** the skin of emit* and.
j^t I* m M — »cales and coftrn the thicU-nt-d cuticir'; Ccncuiu OINTMENT c6oc.ji .
flfP B^l*ll I^ 2fl w ia«taatly allay itching, inflammation, and Irriution, »nd soothe and
IUIIvUIII beil; andCnncUßA KE«otvr:?iT (V»c), to cool and cleanse the blood.
» A Hinole Set 1« .often aufflctent to cure the moat torturing, dlsfl jruring, '
TMC CCT Cf Ot and bumiliatlnjtikin, scalp, and blood humor*, with lorn of hair, wbea
I n t uLi t all else fails. PoTT» Daco asd Chem. Coep., Sole Piops., Boiton.
••How to Core Baby Humori," int. ¦ .; , . V;
TELEGRAPH HILL will probably
have to answer for another fatality.
A rotten fence gave way early yes
terday and' a man somewhat under
the t influence of liquor was hurled
down the slope to the street seventy feet
below. When picked up the unfortunate
fellow was unconscious, and the people .
who gathered around him thought he was
dead i Sqme wanted to" send him to the
Morgue/ but it "was finally decided to send
him to the Harbor Hospital. The ambu
l lance was called and by the time It ar
rived the man was groaning, but had not
•recovered consciousness.
i " When the injured man reached the hos
pital Dr. Bacigalupi made an- examlna
l tlon and found that in sliding down the
hill the man had been lacerated in
'many places. He struck. on the point of
, his chin when he reached the street, and
in consequence his lower jaw was dlslo-
I cated, the end of his. tongue was almost
cut off, there were two long lacerations of
'the scalp and a possible fracture of the
| skull and a rupture of the drum of the
ear. • \
1 After the wounds had been dressed the
dislocation reduced-and the broken Jaw
set the man recovered consciousness, and
In answer to questions said his name was
Bartlett S. Morrisey, and that he resided
at 1313 Scott street. He had not the faint
est idea as to how the accident happened.
He remembered something cracking ' and
then he went sailing through space. \ After
that was oblivion. As there was no means
of taking care of him at' the Harbor Hos
pital Dr. Bacigalupi sent Morrisey out to
the City and County Hospital^* where he
wlll.be well looked, after. \ ; . S» ¦¦ \il
HIGHBINDERS
RESUME WORK
IN CHINATOWN
Jue Hok Fatally Shot in a
Shop on Washington
Street;
Another attempted murder caused excite
ment In Chinatown late .last night. The
trouble which has existed among the tongs
for the past -week and which has already
brought one man to 'death broke out
again, despite police' precautions, and it is
probable that there will be one less man to
respond ; to the Suey Sing roll call before
many hours. .' ' w - ; ' ¦
About .midnight' last night- a highbinder
supposes to be Yung Ah Lock entered the
carpenter shop lof Juev Hok.. in the base
ment of j a building j at .842 f Washington
street, and drawing alarge'44-callber. re
volver fired at Jue Hok twice One of -the
shots failed to -take > eff ect.-butthe other
struck Hok in • the^ left ¦ shoulder,-after
ward •penetrating " his 1 lungV'and will* in
all probability cause; his de . ath -^,. to^ + . a
After the prime had been committed the
murderer made his escape and has not yet
been apprehended.* Jue^HckMs la ; Suey.
Sing highblhder.^and^the^shootlng wus
done by a • member; of j one* of ;.the. rival
tongs. The'Suey Sings have thus far.b ? e n
worsted in .the struggle * and- Chin ...Ah
Suey. who 'was- killed* at : : the . corner -of .
JacKson street and suiuvan alley, the other
night, was a member of'the:sametong.^
The - pistol . withe which the crime > was
committed was picked up ¦¦. a i short dis
taance from the scene by Sergeant of,Po-
Jice Shea. The wounded man was imme
diately taken to the City Receiving 'Hos
pital, and : upon, his.: arrival* there .was
found to be unconscious.'* The physicians
pronounce his .Injuries. as fatal and he Is
not expected to live many hours.
LEES FORGOTTEN
BY THE MEN WHO
TOADIED TO HIM
Heart Burnings Follow the
Costly Testimonial Given
to the Old Chief.
The presentation of the elaborate testi
monial,to ex-Chief of Police Lees Satur
day night-w as not attended by the 'usual
happy spirit that prevails at such gather
ings, i Instead there was a marked ab
sence of mirth ; and good fellowship,; due
no doubt ta the failure, of certain mem
bers: of the Police Department, who. for
merly were wont to bask in the smiles
of the old Chief, to lend their presence to
the occasion.
With the exception of a few retired of
ficers and Captains Spillane, Seymour and
Norman «and> several -policemen,; the de
partment was not represented at the gath
ering. ./. ." ?.,'¦:. # ' ; i .-.-.'.' ' ,¦
¦Considerable ': adverse J criticism was
heard yesterday about the failure of Cap
tains "Wittman: and B6hen> and other offi
cers, -who -fairly • adulated' Lees when he
was at ¦ the .• head of ! the ¦ department, Ito
attend ;the presentation of the testimonial.
Bohen' offers 'the excuse that'he;was not
feeling, well and was forced to go. home.
Wlt.tman arrogantly, refuses to- discuss his
absence from-- the "joyous" occasion, ex
cept' to intimate .that- Inasmuch as the
Police, Commissioners, refused to • lend
their consent vto -, the • presentation, ¦.'. he
thought it ¦> was his duty, to remain away.
-The .proposition to 'give Lees a testimo
nial was first advanced • by. ex-Sergeant
Bethel,' who '.was retired at the same time
that -the old- Chiefs' 1 name was placed on
the , pension list. '.A committee, consisting
principally- of retired officers, was then ap
pointed to select a'suitable design. Ad tho
result," 1 : a ; magnificent testimonial to ¦> tho
worth and esteem; of the man who had
served' the- city 'for over forty-eight year 3
in? the capacity of patrolman, detective.
Captain of Detectives and afterward Chief
of Police. was arranged,- at a 1a 1 cost of $3iW.
It^'was expected that the members of the
department * would contribute the amount,
but ' In this the committee reckoned with- \
out I Its host. The Police I Commissioners
were i appealed to, but they 'positively re
fused' to ? command the. men to- "pungla
up." Disgusted with the order of events,
the committee, in; desperation; -decided- not
to make the presentation in the assembly
room iof I the. Central Station, as was first
intended- but at the home of former Chief
¦liees.'v:--r.. .* ; ... .;.,:¦ V--.V ." * . •:'*:s; ¦'*•
Invitations were ,'¦ sent to every man In
the department who was'on'friendly terms
with ¦¦ Lees,', and in view of > a large | crowd
being .presents elaborate arrangements
were made to ieceive*them. >
At ' the hour fixed for the ; presentation
only a- very few -of : the old f associates of
the ex-Chief -were present. After com
menting ¦ on- their | absence . the t committee
finally decided to proceed -with : the pre
sentation, Joe Dunn, the attorney, , in- a
speech filled with kind .words for the man
who guided i the helm * of. the s Police De
partment for so many years presented him
withthe magnificent tribute to his worth.
'¦* Lees replied in a happyj^veln, thanking
those present for their kind remembrance
of .him and ¦ wishing I them . success under
the '"present head of the department.
Bumpersot wine. were then drunk ,to the
health- and prosperity of -the .old Chief,
after which the little crowd dispersed.
In speaking of the affair one of the com
mittee, commenting, on the absence of the
old ' associates of Lees, said: - ¦'¦;:¦.
*'.'lt Is a 1a 1 shame and - an ; outrage that : so
many ; of the ? old members of the force
who : to-day, would not be • drawing lucra
tive salaries if it had \ not been . for ; Lees;
refused to I lend | their,: presence Ito* an oc
: casion * that otherwise would ¦¦ have filled
i the old man's heart with gladness.",, .'
¦ It is understood that the committee that
had charge of, the. affairiwill. pay. the ex
pense of preparing, the, testimonial. :: ; . •
Buying
Eye=Glasses
If contemplating the purchase of Eye Glasser.
give us an opportunity to prove our ability to
rive you perfect service. - Our new dips ar»
more comfort-nlvlnK than any other. Never
slips, tilts or cinches (50 cents).
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
ing. Factory on premises. Fhone *f=»ln ID.
ti FHOTO J^ SCIEMTIFIC.H
642 Market st, toTRUMEN™
nif 1 /*T* Located on Market
r ALALri Btreet - la clos «
* n *' n . vl ' proximity to busl- ,
A ISI II ness sectlon ' Places '
All V of amusement and \
_ mTWV ae P° ts '« i* oo rooms. ,
iii/ am n 3°° wuh batha at - "
UAiilll/ tached. The largest '
and finest hotels in \
11/l'pni C tne world - Amert- ?
nil I c i>3 can and Eur ° pcan ¦
DR.PIERCES^
GOLDEN
MEDICAL .
DISCOVER?
FOR THE •: ¦
BLOOD, LIVER.MJNGSi
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
TOUGHED A MATCH TO
A BROKEN GAS PIPE
Small Boy Causes a Big Wreck and
Much Commotion on Baker
' ; Street. •' •
ADVEBTISEMENTTa
10