M. H. Donahue,' the Daily Mail's corre
spondent : at Pretoria", Insists • that Presi
dent Kruger took £3,500,000 gold in hla
flight. ' J" "
ROBERTS'vGEWERALS: , ; •:
s ' BATTLE WltH:- BOERS
I 'LONDON, June 13.— The following; dis
patch has been received- at» the War Of
fice from Lord Roberts:.-, ; -./ ",-. ; ' ' '}•
. T''KATSBOSCH, Juries 12.'-f-In yesterday's
engagement Methuenvhad one .killed- and
eighteen" wounded. f . Among the^latten is
Lieutenant C.-Earle : of -the'Twelfth"Bat
talion of , Yeomanry. * ; On'. June • 7- the ; Der
byshire. Militia . lost twenty-six killed . and
104 : alK of 'whom J.were * in ,the
Yeomanry' hospital, •which; was captured
by the Boers andretaken^by. Methuen." .;-;
! A lengthyj dispatch ' forwarded by ; Major,
General Knox'frqm Kroonstad, 1 presuma-'
TT ONT>ON\ June 14—3:40 a. m.— After a
| week's Rllence Lord Roberts has
I been h^-ird from, his lf^e of com
{ t munJeations having been practically
restored by means of a complete
victory gained by Generals Methuen and
Kitchener over General de Wet at the
Rhenosty River Tuesday. The Boer camp
•was captured and the burghers, it is add
ed, were scattered in all directions. I*ord
Robert*!, on being r.otlfied of the cutting
of his line of communications. Bent Gen
eral Kitchener in all haste to Join Gen
eral Methuen. June ll.Ix>rd Roberts at
tacked General Botha, who was in strong
force fifteen .milc-s southeast of Pretoria.
After 'strenuous opposition the British
forces pained considerable ground, but
General Botha, when I>ord Roberts jeft
the field, was still undercated.
All is quiet at Pretoria and Johannes
burg, and Lord Roberts pays the Govern
ment need have no apprehension about
the security of the army ir. South Africa,
as it will not take long to remedy the re
verses and repair the railrotd..
The result of the battle 1-etween Ixird
Roberts' forces and those of General
Botha is f-agerly awaited here, but it is
beiieved the Boer commander will only
complete his retirement, which he seems
to have already commenced, though thero
Is some hope in London that Ix>rd Rob
erts will be able to surround him. The
sessions will be confiscated. . .
President Kruger, according to a dis
patch from 'Lourenzo- Marques, keeps a
locomotive with steam up attached to the
car, in which- he concentrates -the execu
tive offices of the government, 'and It" Is
said that he intends to leave Machadodorp
soon and establish the Transvaal capital
at Nel- Spruit, .in th« 'mountains,* a fine
defensive region. ¦ • ¦.,'-,:;..': MRS
The State printing press Is operating at
Maehadodorp, producing the leaflets > con
taining war news for distribution among
the Boers. . , 7
It is again reported at -Louronzo Mar
ques that the British are advancing
through Swaziland.. Lord Roberts.* it "ap
pears, however, , countermanded the order
given to Strathcona's Horse "to land- on
the coast and -to penetrate to. the Trans
vaal through the Swazi country. ;
Mr. Schreiner, the Cape Premier, and
his colleagues resigned last evening, sir
Alfred ! .Mllner ; accepting ' their", resigna
tions. - Tho London papers only recently
abused Mr. Schrolner for. not making war
preparations. Now they are compliment
ing his refusal 1 to follow the majority of
the Afrikander -bund in opposition* to the
British- military policy. '. ">»-;
General Buller' s casualties on June 10
have been issued by thq War, Office.; They,
were 26' killed. 126 wounded and 2 missing.
decisive victory scored by Generals Me
thuen and Kitchener Is regarded as likely
to have a more far-reaching effect than
any recent action in the Orange River
Colony. General Kitchener's operations
south must have been almost unequaled
by the records of all forced marches. His
.detachment from headquarters' was a
merely routine- procedure, as, the chief of
staff is responsible for the line of commu
nications.
Military observers, noting that no men
tion JLs made of prisoners, - assume that
General de Wet got away with his forces
practically. Intact. ' .
General Buller • entered' Volksrust
Wednesday, pushed through ' Charleston
and encamped near Lalngs Nek. The tun
nel .was not much damaged. Both ends
were blown up. but the engineers think
that the repairs can be effected in about
four days.
The advance troops of General Buller
saw the Boer rear guard four miles dis
tant yesterday. 'It was estimated that
SOW Boers were withdrawn. Tho towns
people at Ermelo counted fifteen guns..
Three- hundred Free Staters, released
from guarding Van Reenan's Pass, have
gone to Join President Bteyn's command
in the eastern part of Orange River, Col
ony. General Rundic has 'sent notice , to
the Free Staters that unless they surren
der by June 15 their farms and other pos-
to-day toward Kroonstad.
" 'Her Majesty's Government need hav»
no apprehension as to the security of tha
army in South Africa. The enemy gained
a slight success, which was unfortunate,
but which will be remedied very shortly,
and It will not take long to repair the
damage done to the railway. As these
diversions are all In existence I am now
able to hold the line between this and
Rhenoster In strength. Methuen will ar
range to guard It on "Wednesday aa ha
advances.
" 'Hunter should be at Poatchefstroom
to-day. He will then move on Johannes
burg.
" 'We have communicated with Buller.
who will no doubt soon make the pres
ence of his force in the field felt.
" 'Our losses yesterday were not. I trust,
serious, but I deplore the death of that
gallant soldier, the Earl of Airlle. The
only other casualties reported as yet are:
Seventeenth Lancers. Major the Hon.
Lionel Fortesque and Lieutenant the Hon.
C. Cavendish, both killed.' "
General Knox adds that Kroonstad Is
quiet and safe.
Lord Roberts' dispatch la regarded as
eminently satisfactory. It ends a period
of suspense caused by the cutting of hla
line of communications and indicates
what a strong grip he baa on the situa
tion
; „" 'I ! hurried back to get j news of Me
thuen's movement. On hearing that the
Free Staters had taken advantage of our
crossing the Vaal to interrupt our line of
communication, I sent Kitchener with
such troops aa I could then spare to
Vredefort with orders to push south and
communicate with Methuen. who I knew
had a very compact force In 'the vicinity
of'Hellbron. I also dispatched a special
messenger to Methuen, instructing him to
push. on at all speed to. the main. line of
railway. These two officers met at Vrede
fort road station in the evening of June 10.
They marched yesterday to Rhenoster
River, where Methuen gained a complete
victory over Bewet- and. took possession
of "bis camp and scattered * his troops in
air directions, lie and Kitchener marched
" *Pole-Carew, with his division, occu
pied our center. As I have explained, he
could- not attack, but he . gradually ad
vanced so as to support Ian Hamilton,
and when I left the field he was on the
line held- by the enemy's outposts In the
morning. . .
Both columns met with great opposition.
At about 3 In the afternoon I saw two oi
Hamilton's infantry battalions advancing
to what appeared to be the key of the
enemy's defense, on their left flank. This
was almost" gained before dark, and I or
dered the force to bivouac on the ground
they had won.
: " 'After surrendering the city, Botha re
tired to- a place about fifteen .miles east
on the Mlddlegburg road. He had a small
force, but 'during the 'last few days his
numbers 'increased, and his being bo near
,the ' town , kept | up the excitement ; in the
country, prevented the burghers from lay
ing, down their arms and interfered with
the -collection of ¦ supplies. It therefore
became . necessary., to • attack [ him. This I
did, yesterday. He held a, very strong po
sition, .practically -unassailable In front,
which enabled him to place the main por
tion of his troops on his flanks, which, he
knew <from', former experience 'were, his
vulnerable parts. I j sentl French with
Porter's and Dixon's cavalry brigades and
Hutton's mounted infantry around by our
left.-; and 5 Ian : Hamilton, with; Broadwood
and Gordon's "cavalry, brigade. .Ridley's
mounted , infantry, and Bruce Hamilton's
infantry brigade around " by our right.
." 'PRETORIA, -June , 12.— Pretoria and
Johannesburg- are perfectly quiet and sev
eral" of ¦ the inhabitants have 'expressed
gratitude for the' peace and order which
prevail. "
"KROONSTAD, June 12.— We have been
requested-to forward you from Lofd'Rob
erts.the f&llowing dispatch from the Pre
toria Presidency at 8:0S a. 1 m. to-day:
bly sent there by messenger, reads as fol
lows: • • ' '•' ' "
Lord Roberts Reports That Generals Methuen and Kitehener, Routed De Wet's Forces,
but Details of the Fierce Encounter Have Not Been Received.
Detachment of Taitar Light Artillery of the Imperial Chinese Army which formed a part of Gen
eral.Nleh's force in the resent operations nj^-'r,Pao.,T.in\B>galnrt.tli^-Bqxers.^ ,.. .._._.-; ;.„
• •> c .^ vi From a Photograph by. Vapereau," Sons. -¦: r - ; ..-.¦¦-•--"¦
MURDER OF A WOMAN
MISSIONARY.
NEW YORK, June 13.— News has
been . received in this city of the
murder of Dr. Edna O. Terry. In
charge of the station of the Metho
dist Episcopal Women's Foreign
Missionary Society at Tsung-Hua,
China. Tho tidings camo in the fol
lowing message to Dr. Terry's
brother-in-law:
"Dr. Terry murdered. Break news
gently."
This was the first indication of
trouble at Tsung-Hua.
Later the Methodist Episcopal
Board received this message, dated
Tientsin. June 12:
"Hopkins and Hayner safe."
The persons named are mission
aries at Tsung-Hua. There is an
other Methodist missionary at the
same place, a Miss Croucher of
Boston.
Tsur.g-Hua Is six or seven miles
north of the great wall and about
100 miles from Peking.
M ? M M ? ? ?? ?? ??????????<
ing members of the reform party, repre
senting fifteen of the eighteen provinces,
are at Shanghai. A dispatch to the Dally
Mail, dated yesterday, says they are send
ing a petition to the United States, Great
Britain and Japan, praying those powers
to take joint action against any attempt
on the part of the other powers to parti
tion the empire, and they Implore the
powers thus addressed to rescue the Em
peror.
A . dispatch, - from St. -Petersburg rays
that the ships of the Russian Pacific
squadron on the active list, as well a3
those at Vladivostok, have been ordered
to proceed with all haste to Chinese
waters.
The Foreign Office confirms the report
of an engagement between troops of the
International column and the Boxere on
Monday. It says that "about thirty-five
Chinese wexe killed."
CHANGE OF FRONT OF
THE DOWAGER EMPRESS
"WASHINGTON, June 13.— Definite offi
cial Information was received here this
afternoon from the Foreign Office of one
of the most important Continental powers
stating that the Tsung li Yamen had noti
fied the Minister of that power at Peklne
that the Dowager Empress would not ob
ject to the presence of foreign troops in
China's territory. Vague unofficial rumors
to this effect had been current, but tho
information received here to-day was from
such a high official source as to leave no
doubt that the Empress Dowager, who
practically constitutes the Government of
China, had made known this determina
tion not to object to the presence of the
foreign troops. This change of front came
as a distinct surprise to the officials and
diplomats, as all • reports . up to this
time had pictured the Empress Dowager
as intensely hostile to the foreigners and
as. the real power behind the Boxers' anti
foreign uprising. This supposed attitude
of the Empress gave much concern to the
authorities here and at other capitals, as
It was feared that it would eventuate in
an open declaration by the Government of
China against' the presence of foreign
troops. This would have raised a new
complication, placing the foreign forces
now advancing on- Peking in the attitude
of resisting the sovereign authority of
China over her own territory, instead of
assisting China in a suppression of dis
order.
The Empress Dowager's acquiescence in
the plans of the powers is felt to remove a
threatened complication and at the same
time to give evidence that the Empress
Dowager is no longer yielding to the anti
foreign clamor.
In official Russian quarters the rumors
that the Empress Dowager has sought a
refuge at the Russian legation in Peking
are discredited and are resented as a hit
of inspired intrigue designed to create the
Impression that Russian sympathtzes are
with the anti-foreign element. It is point
ed out that Russia's course has been
marked by the utmost reserve, for while
It would have been possible at any time
to land large forces In China the Rus
riaa force actually landed has been com
paratively Insignificant, mainly for tho
reason that Russia desires to be wholly
free from any imputation of ulterior de
sign.
It was stated In diplomatic quarters to
night that tho Belgian Secretary of the
legation at Peking who was attacked by
a mob on Monday was probably Philip
May. formerly with the Belgian legation
In Washington and quite prominent In
social and official circles here, as his post
of date has been at Peking:.
GERMANY^ NOT IN
SYMPATHY WITH BOXERS
WASHINGTON". June 13.— A cablegram
has been received at the State Depart
ment from Minister Conger at Peking
statin? that^ Tuan. the father of the heir
apparent, has been appointed President ot
the Tsung LI Yamen: al3o that three
other new Ministers have been appointed,
all affiliated with the party opposed to
foreigners. On the whole. Mr. Conger re
ports, the situation is not materially Im
proved. Guards are repairing the railway
and as soon as they have arrived at Pe
king. It Is Mr. Conger's belief that the
safety of the foreigners at that capital
will be assured.
SOLACE SAILS WITH
MARINES FOR CHINA
MANILA. Jane 13.— The United States
hospital ship Solace sailed at midnight
last night, having on board 100 marines
and five officers. Major "Waller command
ing 1 . In response to the telegraphic re
quest from Tong Ku June 11 by Rear Ad
miral Kempff. Thirty other marines left
last week on the United States gunboat
Nashville, bound for Tientsin. The ma
rines on the Solace have been destined
for Guam. It Is believed that others will
be sent there later on. It Is said a supply
ship will leave this week, and that the
New Orleans will sail later.
AN ALLEGED SETTLEMENT.
SHANGHAI. June 13.— Extraordinary
rumors are current here to the effect that
the powers have settled the Chinese ques
tion by agreeing to forgive the Dowager
Empress and her Manchu advisers pro
vided they promise to amend their futura
conduct.
BKRLIX. June 13.— The Forelsm Office
official? have h?u1 no telegraphic com
munication with Peking during- the last
thirty-six hours and It has no Important
nowa regarding the Chinese situation to
day. It Is not known whether the rail
road has been repaired. The statement
made by certain Paris newspapers that
Germany ha-i made common cause with
the Boxers Is characterized by the For
eign O*n>e as "blood sinning" (Idiotic'),
since Germany Is the one power which
has all along been urging action against
them.
The statement In the English pttss that
the powers have reached an understand
ing In all the circumstances to maintain
the present Chinese dynasty and Govern
ment is officially characterized as untrue.
IMPORTANT CHANGES IN
CHINESE FOREIGN OFFICE
measures to obtain redress.
Minister Conger and Admirals
Kempff and Remey are evidently
taking active measures for the
protection of Americans.
The Consulat Cheefoo, be
sides reporting to - Washington
the' dangerous condition of af
fairs near his Consulate, has evi
dently'communicated with Ad
miral Kempff, for the gunboat
Yorktown left- Shanghai to-day
foi\ Cheefoo. • .
" Southern China also seems to
be disturbed, for the Don Juan
de Austria has been; ordered to
proceed from Canton to Swatow
and Amoy to protect American
interests. Should the situation
become graver at Chin Kiang
Admiral Kempff will probably
order marines, to' go from the
Castine at Shanghai to that
point. A reinforcement of 100
marines left Manila for Taku
yesterday on the Solace.
REFORMERS ASK JOINT
ACTION BY POWERS
sition of British subjects it is
thought will lead to action by
Great Britain. It is apparent to
members of the dipldtnatic corps
that if one power sends. troops all
the powers will do so, and unless
an agreement • is. made before
hand a. clash will be almost in
evitable.
President McKinley does not
intend. to take the initiative in
the landing of soldiers, and no in
structions to General MacArthur
to send troops to China have yet
been prepared.
The whole Chinese situation
was described by diplomats to?
day as resembling a powder mag
azine filled with explosives, its
doors, open- , and men passing
and . repassing carrying lighted
torches in their hands.
The State Department is satis
fied that up to "the present all
the powers have acted 'in good
faith. It is appreciated, how
ever, that, no nation can permit
it's. official ; representative to be
slaughtered without, taking
pears to be no doubt of the fact,
and it presents a most serious
condition. The chief offense is
against Japan, but aside from
that it is against \he entire dip
lomatic body at Peking, for if
any one of them is subject . to
such assault they all share in the
same danger. I was personally
very well acquainted with' Mr.
Akira, as he served under me in
the Foreign ' Office at Tokio
while I was chief of the division
of protocols. * He was a bright
young man about 38 years old.
He was one. of the most expert
chirographers in Japan, and this
gained him the post of Chan
cellor at Peking, where he went
about three years ago."
j Mr. Nabeshima said 'that
Japan had pursued the utmost
reserve, not wishing to be open
to any supicion, but he felt that
the killing of the legation Chan
cellor would lead to energetic ac
tion.
The destruction of British
property, and the dangerous po-
ceeded in reaching the legation
in safety.
None of the dispatches yet re
ceived refers to the killing of
Sugiyama Akira, Chancellor of
• the Japanese legation. Keizire
Xabcshima, Japanese Charge
d'AfFaires, said on this subject:
"We have no official confirma
tion of the killing of our Chan
cellor at Peking, but there ap-
SUMMARY OF
BOXER SITUATION
NEW YOEK, June 13.
From out of the thun
der clouds, looming over the
Chinese horizon there conies
to-night fitful flashes, which
only serve to intensify the
blackness of the situation.
Peking appears to be com
pletely isolated. No message
from the capital has reached
London or America since those
which chronicled the murder
of the Chancellor of the Jap
anese legation, and which were
transmitted over lines that
run northwest from Peking,
and thence through the do
minions of the Czar.
So far as is known the for
eign detachments which left
Tientsin on Sunday morning
and which were at first timed
to reach Peking on Tuesday
night have not arrived yet,
and according to a Tientsin
dispatch the Chinese were
throwing up intrenchments to
bar their routes to the capital.
On the other hand, it was stat
ed in Washington, with what
appears to be needless mys
tery, that the representative
of a certain power had- been •
notified that tho - Dowager
Empress had ordered the
Teung Li Yamen to notify for
eign representatives that no
opposition would be made by
the Chinese authorities to the
entry of the relief force into
Peking.
Two thousand Russians,
cavalry, infantry and artil
lery, had been landed at Taku,
according to a Tientsin dis
patch, and St. Petersburg ad
vices of the present and recent
date were alarmist in charac
ter.
Various messages indica
tive of the prevailing appre
hension were received at the
State Department from Ameri
can Consuls in China, but
nothing to bear out the state
ment cabled from Shanghai
that Minister Conger has
asked for two thousand T/nited
States troops.
THE BRITISH CLAIM A VICTORY OVER THE BOERS
f^ALL HEADQUARTERS,
w WELLINGTON HOTEL,
WASHINGTON, June 13.—
"No proposition on political
lines for the settlement of the
Chinese question has .been made
to the United States by any for
eign Government," declared a
high administration official to
day. This has special interest in
view of the Shanghai rumors of
a definite decision of the powers.
"The purpose of the President to
pursue an independent policy,"
said this official, "is well known.
No proposal has yet been made
for the removal of the Empress
Dowager, but well informed dip
lomatists say that such action
will be imperative should she fail
to take measures for suppressing.
the Boxers and continue to en
courage them, not only by pun
ishing troopr. sent to check them,
but by appointing such a man as
Prince Tuan, one of the anti-j
foreign leaders, as president of!
the Tsung-!i Yamen."
A dispatch reached the State
Department from Consul Gen
eral Goodnow at Shanghai urg
ing that a man-of-war be sent to j
Chin Kiang, as requested yester
day by Consul Martin. Mes
sages also came from nearly J
every other consular representa- j
live in China . and from -several j
missionaries describing the tur
bulent condition of affairs in
their respective neighborhoods.
The diplomatic corps was
not without alarming dispatches.
Lord Pauncefote, the British
Embassador, was informed that
rioting in Peking had reached an
acute stage. Mr. Hay, secretary
of the Belgian legation, who -was
stationed in Washington several
years ago, and at one time en
gaged to the daughter of former
Secretary Belknap, was attacked
twice Monday and escaped only
after serious maltreatment by a
mob. Two officials of the British
legation serving as student in
terpreters were attacked on the
same day. but cowed the mob
with their revolvers and sue- !
Special Dlfratrh to The Call.
T ONDON, June 14, 4:20 a. m. — The Chinese are entrenched outside of Peking to oppose the advance of the international column. A dis
¦L' patch from Tientsin, dated Tuesday, June 12, says:
"I learn that the Chinese have guns trained on the American mission and the British legation. Two thousand Russian cavalry and
infantry with artillery have landed at Taku."
The Shanghai correspondent reports that United States Minister Conger,.by courier, asks for 2000 United States troops. The question
of provisioning the relief force is already difficult, and it is predicted at Shanghai that it will become acute. • .
At Tientsin Guns Are Trained on, the American Mission and the British Legation— Minister Conger
Asks for Two Thousand United States Troops— Boxer Troubles Become Decidedly More Alarming.
CHINESE ENTRENCHED AUTSIDE PEKING
TO OPPOSE ADVANCING FOREIGN COLUMN
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 14.
San Francisco;.- Thursday^ : june i4, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
A meeting of -women who object to the
war was held at QueenV Hall last even-
Ing. Mrs. Howard Courtney presided "and
Mrs. James Bryce moved a .resolution" de
claring that » the .war, resulted, from the
"bad policy of the Government."; -This
and .other anti-war- resolutions I were
adopted. The meeting hissed Mr. Cham
berlain's name vigorously. ' • ' •; ••:
SENT TO SUPPRESS THE BOXERS.
The San Francisco Call.
LONDOX. June 14, 4:20 a. m.— The leadGREEN RIVER, Wyo., June 13.—Every
thing goes smoothly with the California
delegation to the national convention. A
rainstorm preceded the train - and les
sened the dust at night over the Nevada
Desert. The delegation is a poor one for
doing politics. Everything is discussed
but politics. M. A. Gunst received a dis
patch from the San Francisco Associated
Press correspondent asking If there would
be any meeting of the delegation caucus
or other ' political action en route. -Mr.
Gunst immediately wired 'back 1 that
nothing would be v done until .-reaching
Philadelphia and every one -had an, op
portunity to be present and be heard. M.
A. Gunst has shown his usual hospitality
and thoughtfulness by carrying with
him a large stock of the best brands of
smoking materials and seeing that all are
kept amply supplied. W. M. ¦ Garland of
Los Angeles was mentioned prior to his
departure by a Los Angeles paper upon
the proposition of r soliciting- drinkables
for the delegation -to entertain -with i in
Philadelphia, i Mr..- Garland states that
prior to his leaving Los Angeles he took
the pledge of total abstinence to please
the editors. He reports to his friends that
he Is keeping it. In fact the delegation
has not been worked up to drinking any
thing stronger than - a delicious mild
punch brewed by ..Delegates .Cone and
Powers and passed around, much to the
delight of all.
Delegates Are Enjoying the Trip
and Talk Anything but
Politics.
Special rvispatch to The ' Call.
REPUBLICANS EN ROUTE
TO THE CONVENTION
Accompanied by Mr. Griscom Senator
Hanna left the city at 4 o'clock for Haver
ford, a suburb, where he spent the night
at Mr. Griscom's house. Although Mr.
Hanna has a suite of rooms at the Strath
ford Hotel It Is believed that he will-spend
all his nights at Haverford while the con
vention lasts.
.Conspicuous among the absent commll
teemen was ex-Senator M. S. Quay of
Pennsylvania, Mr. Quay's proxy Is held
by Senator Penrose. ' *
Outside of the national committee meet-
Ing Interest was centered on Senator
Hanna. It. was generally known that he
would arrive at 1 o'clock and there was
a goodly crowd at the station to see the
famous national chairman. Senator Hanna
was met at the station by Clement A.
Griscom, president of the International
Navigation Company, and they lunched
together In a restaurant on Broad street
while a crowd of admirers without doors
looked on.
The influx of visitors to-day was quite
large, considering that the date of the
meeting of the convention Is nearly a
week off. Almost every State and Ter
ritory is already represented here. Only
three or four of the national committee
men are absent and their places are being
filled by proxies from their respective
States.
The evening session of the committee
was devoted to the Delaware contest. The
committee continued its session until 12:05
when a decision was reached to refer the
Delaware controversy to a committee with
instructions to harmonize the differences
of the two parties if possible. The com
mittee consists of Payne of Wisconsin,
Cummings of Iowa. Saunders of Colorado
and Iceland of Kansas.
The Delaware Contest.
The resolution was the subject of much
discussion among the other contesting
delegations present, and District Attorney
Atwell of Dallas. Tex., sought out the
Associated Press to ask that a statement
be made in behalf of his State that the
question of Federal patronage had not en
tered into the contest there.
In presenting the resolution Mr. Payne
said that he introduced it because of the
evident pernicious activity of the office
holders \n the campaign, and that he be
lieved it would be a very serious mistake
for the committee to fail to ask that
official recognition be taken of this infrac
tion of the laws of the country. The com
mittee had, however, agreed to take a re
cess after the disposal of the Alabama
cases, and some of the members Insisted
that as it was then half past 7 o'clock
this decision should be adhered to. Ac
cordingly the committee dissolved for the
time, Mr. Payne requesting that action
be postponed until to-morrow.
Activity of Office Holders.
Immediately after this action ha<i been
tRken Committeeman Payne, who had
been acting as temporary chairman, in
troduced the following resolution:
Resolved. That this committee requests the
Prerldent of the I.'nited States to direct the
proper officers to cause an Investigation Into
the acts and dnlngs of certain Federal office
holders in the State of Alabama in connection
with the election of Heleftates to the primnry
conventions and to the State and district con
ventions held In said State to elect delegates
to the National Convention, to be held in Phila
delphia on the 19tli fnst., and If the facts as
stated in the hearing h^ld before said com
mittee regarding the contest In said district
and Stste be true, this committee asks, not In
the Interest of the Republican party, but of the
countr.v. that such action t-Jiall be taken as the
good of the putllc Interest requires.
tremely active in shaping the result of
contests for delegates.
In the State contest there were two fac
tions, one of which was known as the
Vaughan faction, represented by District
Attorney Vaughan and the other headed
by District Attorney Wickersham. The
technical grounds of the contest had.ref
erence to the regularity and Irregularity
of the two delegations. Mr. Vaughan is
now chairman of the State Central Com
mittee, and notwithstanding that he has
held the position for the past two terms,
is a candidate for re-election. The contro
versy grew out of hie renewed aspirations.
So palpable did it become that Federal
patronage [was the point over which the
contention arose that the committee was
not long in reaching a decision to prac
tically exclude all the contesting delegates
from the temporary organization of the
convention except those from the Ninth
District. ¦ . .
The Native Sons have centered all their
efforts on making' the ball Friday night
worthy of the occasion and members of
the Grand Parlor are looking forward to
It with great expectations.
for the feelings of their hostesses. It was
suggested that a trusteeship be offered,
but this was indignantly spurned and the
tight goes merrily on.
The friends of candidates were seen last
night visiting around the hotel rooms lonjr
after midnight when delegates were tired
•from having attended the reception am!
banquet. A lady, than whom none Is mor»
popular or Influential, said to-day that
Mrs. EllaCaminetti has never had a ghost
of a chance for vice president since tb,o
presentation of the silverware by Ursula
Parlor to Mrs. Slfford. The custom Is not
new, but the gift was so rich and elegant
that the jealousy aroused has made Mrs.
Camlnettl an impossibility.
The trip to the Zella- mine was enjoved
by all. many of the visitors showing that
they were out for a good time by charter-
Ing a ten-mule freight team to bring them
to town. •
Death of I. S. Bostwick.
STOCKTON. June 13.— I. S. Bostwlck.. m
pioneer merchant of this city and form
erly a capitalist, died here to-day at an
advanced age, after a long Illness.
represented himself to ©Wan old mlninjr
partner In California of Albert Kerr. a
cousin of the bank president. Mr. Kerr
on June 3 accompanied the stranger to
Leavenworth. where the brick, held by an
Indian companion of tha "miner." was
drilled. The sample, which Ken- had as
payed in Kansas City, was found to run
$20 to the ounce. "Mr. Kerr returned to
Leavenworth. drew on his bank for J13.R00
and became possessed of the brick, which
he sent to the First National Bank at
Denver.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JACKSON. June 13.— A heavy shower
of ¦ rain this morning laid the dust
without making the streets muddy
and resulted In a change of the pro
gramme arranged for the, entertain
ment of tho Native Daughters. The poppy
drill at Courthouse square is postponed un
til to-morrow night. This evening was de
votod'to exemplifying the ritualistic work.
The band, which 13 very popular with the
visitors, held a concert in the- open air.
The mother parlor met with a rebuff'to
day which has caused considerable com
ment among the delegates. The effort to
create the office of second vice president,
which was understood to mean the placing
of a member of Ursula In line for the presi
dency, was defeated, and Ursula's mem
bers claim it was accomplished by an ele
ment which has opposed her interests and
ambitions for a series of years. As a salve
Photo by McMillan. Jackson. Cal
MISS LILLT O. REICHLING, FOUNDER OF THE FIRST LODGE OF
NATIVE DAUGHTERS OF THE GOLDEN WEST. IN "WHOSE HONOR
THE PRESENT GRAND PARLOR IS BEING HELD AT JACKSON. THE
PLACE OF HER BIRTH.
"i have said when asked whether Mr.
Woodruff wae a candidate that I hoped
not, and I do not retract that statement.
That Is the way I feel. As for Mr. Bliss,
he is an admirable man, but he is out of
the question: he cannot accept. Senator
Allison, well, I came over on the train with
him and he is absolute in his refusal.
There is no doubt of his sincerity— in not
wanting the placo. And as a matter of
fact, we cannot spare him from his pres
ent place in the Senate. He is worth a
dozen of us other fellows there."
"What are Dollivcr's chances?"
"Mr. Dolllvcr is an avowed candidate,
and he had a good following among his
friends in the House, but I cannot say
that as to his prospects. The truth Is that
there Is as yet no approach to a settle
ment of the matter."
Senator Kanna was asked, after his ar
rival, whether it was true that the Presi
dent had a candidate for the Vice Presi
dency.
"There is no truth in that report," he
paid, "none, whatever. The President will
not Interfere. He has no candidate."
"Then, who is your candidate?" he was
asked. ¦
"I have none. My. only desire is to get
the best man."
"You are quoted as being opposed to
Mr. Woodruff?"
PHILADELPHIA, June 13.-Next to
the committee meeting the feature of in
terest to-day was the arrival of Chairman
Hanna, who reached here at 1 o'clock.
The chairman* was met at Broad street
by a committee of citizens and escorted
to the Hotel Walton. As soon as he
reached his rooms, Mr. Hanna was be
sieged by callers, who came in a steady
stream.
HANNA TALKS ABOUT
THE VICE PRESIDENCY
At Ogden several reporters interviewed
the -delegates on the subject of Vice
President and if the delegation was go
ing to support Irving M. Scott. From the
answer of the 'delegates it may be In
ferred that California will not be a unit
for Scott. There is also talk of holding
an informal caucus after leaving Chicago,
It being expected that some other of the
delegates may join the party at Chi
cago. The caucus would be for the pur
pose of suggesting some names fox the
various committees. ¦ - ¦>• - v--
The train reached Ogden on time and
after a short etop the delegates bade
adieu to the Southern Pacinc and started
along over the Union Pactnc. The after
noon was made cool and refreshing by a
gentle summer shower, which laid the
dust and tempered the atmosphere. The
ladies of the party. Mrs. Pardee. Mrs.
Cone and Mrs. Powers, form a happy lit
tle trio and chat along as only ladles
can. Genial Harry Wllliar of San Fran
cisco, the Pacific Coast representative of
the leading paper companies of the East,
is on the train, and is almost Inseparable
from the delegation. After leaving Gran
ger and just as the train was crossing
Groon River the eccentric of the engine
hroke, causing a delay of four hours.
Everything "looks most favorable for
tho election of Judge Van Fleet for na
tional committeeman, though the dele
gates will not take formal action until
reaching Philadelphia.
CONGRESSIONAL
EMPLOYES ASKED
TO CONTRIBUTE
Campaign Committee Seeks
¦ . to Get a Portion of the
Extra. Pay. :
Instead of Obtaining $10,000, How
ever, but. About $1500 Is Re
ceived, Many Failing to
Make Any Reply.
DEMOCRATS BREAK SLATES
AND NEARLY BREAK HEADS
"I think no man who has made any
contribution to the campaign will say that
he has been subjected to the least coercion,
morally or otherwise. • No one has been
asked to contribute any stated sum or any
portion of his salary, and if any such
statements have been made they were
made by persona who have not. so far,
visited these headquarters. The fact that
it was decided to open a convenient place
where contributions might be made by
employes was owing to the voluntary
¦practice of many to offer campaign con
tributions, either in the shape of money
or clerical or other work at the Republi
can headquarters. There was never any
system about it. and on this account the
members of the House decided to open
rooms at some central point for a few
days, where the employes might contrib
ute and cret a receipt for' their money.
These men are not under civil service
rules and are not assessed. A great many
of them have heretofore complained that
there was no recognized committee room
and no one authorized to receive contribu
tions. This year it ¦was decided to give
the generously inclined no such excuse
and they were notified that they might
call at the Raleigh, whrre they were told
that anything they might feel inclined to
give would be thankfully received."
WASHINGTON. June 13.— The Post to
morrow will publish an article stating
that the Republican Congressional cam
paign committee- has been endeavoring to
collect as a campaign contribution a part
of the extra month's salary voted to the
employes of Congress just before adjourn
ment. The employes were Informed that
any contribution would be voluntary and
many of them paid no heed to the com
munication, while others made a small
contribution, so that«the amount collected
will not exceed $1200 or $1500. instead of
$10,000 or more, as has been expected. The
extra month's salary voted to employes
of Congress in accordance with a custom
'observed by both political parties when
In power amounted in the aggregate to
about 580,000. The Republican employes
were requested by note to call on Mr.
Schrader at the Raleigh Hotel. Mr. Schra
der was assistant secretary of the Con
gressional committee in the last cam
paign. When the employes called they
were asked for campaign contributions
and any inquiries as to the amounts, the
Post will say, were answered with tho
suggestion that half of their extra
month's pay would be acceptable, but
that contributions would be voluntary and
the giver could fix tne amount. The
amounts given ran all the way from $5
to $10, and in one instance, the Post will';
say, to a wholo month's salary.
Many employes, learning from others
the purpose of the note sent them, did
not call, so that tho total contribution
was much smaller than expected. Mr.
Schrader, when seen regarding the mat
ter, made the following statement:
DES MOINES, la., June 13.— The State
Prohibition convention instructed the del
egates to the National Convention to vote
for Rev. E. L. Eaton of Des Moines for
-Vice President. • Mr. Eaton heads the
Iowa delegation.
IOWA PROHIBITIONISTS
FAVOR REV. E.L EATON
the delegations went to the convention
hall. It Is said that Mr. McLean did not
care to take any aggressive part on ac
count of the Dewey candidacy.
During the last hour of the convention
there was much confusion and disorder.
Charles W. Baker, who was temporarily
presiding, sent for a squad of twenty
police, ordering them to clear the aisles,
knock down those who would not sit down
and compel *the disturbers' to be silent.
The police tiled dov/n the aisles and main
tained order during the remainder of the
convention.
Colonel James Kilbourne of Columbus,
Judge Abraham W. Patrick of New Phila
delphia, 'William A. Thomas of Spring
field and Horace L. Chapman of Jackson
were declared electel delegates at large to
the Kansas City Convention.
The names of Dr. R. H. Remelin of Cin
cinnati and Harry H. McFaddeiti editor
of the Steubenvllle Gazette, were present
ed for Secretary of State, but before the
call of counties was completed Remelin's
name was withdrawn and McFadden was
nominated by acclamation. t
The names of Slrneon Wynn of Zanes
ville and Allen W. Smalley of Upper
Sanduskv were presented for Supreme
Judge. Before the" result of the balloting,
was announced W'ynn's name was with
drawn and Judge Smalley was nominated
by acclamation.
For Dairy and Food Commissioner the
names of W. N. Cowden- of Guernsey, Bal
lard B. Yates of Pickaway, Dr. Theodore
M. Garrott of Henry, Dr. Thomas T.
Shields of Union and Newton L. Bunnel
of Warren were presented.
On the second ballot Yates was nom
inated.
Professor J. D. SImpkins of St. Marys
was nominated for State School Commis
sioner without opposition, also Peter Y.
Brown of Chillicothe for member of the
Board of Public Works.
For electors at large General Isaac R.
Sherwood of Toledo and General A. J.
Warner of Marietta were nominated with
out opposition. '
The platform adopted Indorses Bryan
and the Chicago platform.
At 7:30 p. m. the convention adjourned
sine die. • •¦ ¦„- ¦ :
McLean Men Get Absolutely Nothing
as the Result of the Ohio
Convention.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 13.— The Demo
cratic State Convention, after a continu
ous session of over nine hours, adjourned
to-night. It was a slate-smashing and a
record-breaking convention. The McLean
men said yesterday they were asking for
nothing, and they certainly got nothing.
They helped those who have been oppos
ing them to places of party distinction
and responsibility.
There was a notable absence of the Mc-
Lean ieaders here fhls week and very few
of those who were in the city outside of
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Juno 13.
The election of President McKinley to
succeed himself is predicted by. Colonel J.
P. Irish, who returned this evening from
Washington, where he has been making a
short visit. Colonel Irish canvassed the
political situation, and In the following
interview gave his opinion of conditions
in the East:
"While there is no doubt of President
McKInley's re-election the Republicans
have not such an easy victory as they
expected four months ago. The Bryan
men have done much work and have
waked up considerably, but they, cannot
alter the result. : ; -
"It is conceded In all of the great Indus
trial centers that there is. too much evi
dence of commercial prosperity to allow
any desire for a change of administration,
however much work- may be done by. the
opposition. ' ' '-. •'
"The President' is In excellent physical
condition . arid 'confident, - having received
assurances of his re-election from all sec
tions of the United States. It does not ap
pear to be at all certain who- will be the
vice-presidential nominee.
"Bryan, of course, * will be the Demo
cratic nominee, but who will be his com
panion In the race Is not so well settled."
SAYS M'KINLEY WILL
BE THE LEADER AGAIN
HARRISBURO, Pa., June 13.— Rev. Dr.
Silas C. Swallow. ; who ; has been much
talked of as Prohibition candidate for
President, declares positively that he
would not accept the nomination.
Will Not Accept Nomination.
LOUISVILLE, June 13.— The Kentucky
Democratic Btate Convention' will meet
to-morrow afternoon in -Muslo | Hall. It
will select delegates from < the State at
large to | the: Democratic National Con
vention in Kansas .City and two-Presi
dential electors from the Btate at large.
It is regarded < as - almost ' certain that
Senator-elect Joseph O.-S. Blackburn, ex-
Governor James B. .McCreary and Louis
McQuown of Warren, will be three of the
four delegates : at large to • the National
Convention, j The resolutions will I reaffirm
the Chicago platform, indorse Bryan for
President . and condemn the assassina
tion of Goebel. . ;
WILL REAFFIRM THE
/ CHICAGO; PLATFORM
LONDON. June 14.— The Daily Tele
graph says this morning that it under
stands that > Sir William Vernon Harcourt
will not -seek re-election to ;the r House of
Commons, owing to advanced age and
failing health. .
Harcourt to Retire.
WILLIAMSPORT, Pa., Jun« IS.— Seven
men were killed on. a logging railway at"
Cammal, about thirty-six miles from this
place, this afternoon. A train Jumped the
track in some unaccountable manner and
g lunged : down a 300-foot embankment,
toth firemen and engineer were instant
ly killed, as also were one passenger and
four Italian laborers. .The cars and en
gine were literally smashed to kindling
The names of the killed are: •¦-.¦•¦
ENGINEER' McGILVRAY. ' .
-.FIREMAN ENGLISH.
JUSTICE .OF. THE • PEACE T. . F.
BCHUTLER.
FRANK CARLSON. 1 •
i JBLLO DEMN. :
JAMES ROE. «-..--.,
**4
The first three were residents of Cam
mal, while the others were Italian labor
ers employed on the road. ¦-<»-.
sylvania.
Logging Railway in Penn-
Result of a Disastrous Accident on a
SEVEN PERSONS KILLED
IN A TRAIN WRECK
PHILADELPHIA, June 13.-With the
arrival of the advance guard and
the opening session of the National
Republican Committee to-day Phila
delphia has begun to assume a con
vention air. The committee had its first
formal meeting to-day at the Hotel Wal
ton and immediately began consideration
j of contests for membership of the conven.
tion. Practically the only contests of Im
portance are those from Delaware and
Tennessee, though developments this aft
ernoon have accentuated the Alabama
case. From Delaware Mr. Addicks is
again serkine: admission and the fight is
especially ijiteresting because of the bear
ing it may have upon the election of two
Senators next winter. The " friends of
Pension Commissioner Evans and Repre
sentative Brownlow of Tennessee are
fighting: for control of the Republican or
ganization of that State and both are on j
the ground. As is the case in the Ten- !
r.cfsre contest, the main point involved in
all of the other contests is the control of
the local organization.
The contests from Alabama consumed
the entire afternoon and resulted In a de
cision by the committee not to place the
names of any of the contesting delegates
of either faction on the temporary rolls
of the convention, except those from the
Ninth District. The action of the com
mittee was controlled largely by the fact
developed in the hearing that Federal of
fice holders have taken a very active part
on both sides of the controversy in shap
ing the result. This circumstance was. In
deed, so persistently brought out that
Acting Chairman Payne Introduced a res
olution- late in the session calling upon
the President to have their participation
investigated.
As to the Vice Presidency.
. Practically the only topic of conversa
tion-among the Republican leaders who
have arrived in Philadelphia is the ques
tion of the selection ot a candidate for
the Vice Presidency. Senator Hanna has
devoted almost the entire time since his
arrival to this question and has been in
frequent conference with other leaders on
the subject. He says absolutely that no
candidate has yet been selected either by
the President, by hJmself or by any one
for them. During the noon recess of the
committee Senator Hanna held a pro
longed conference with Senator Scott of
West Virginia, Hon. Joseph Manley and
Henry B. Payne, probably the three old
est members of the National Committee,
in point of service. When they dispersed
all agreed that the question of the Vice
Presidency was still open. There was a
general confession of concern over the
situation, but at the same time a feeling
that in the end the right man would be
found. . . •
"We want," said a member of this quar
tet, "a man for Vice President who would
be a big enough man for President in
case the necessity should arise for him
to become such. We don't care- where he
comes from. We will waive the geo
graphical question if we can get the right
man in other respects."
This statement expresses the general
sentiment among the members of the
committee.
Hanna Will Not Preside.
National Chairman Hanna will probably
not preside at any of the meetings of the
National Committee. He will be very
busy with other matters and Mr. Payne,
who occupied the chair at to-day's meet
ing, will continue to act as chairmaji.
A practical and thorough test was made
of the acoustic properties of the conven
tion hall this afternoon. Members of the
National Committee and the local organi
zations that have taken part in the prepa
ration of the building for convention pur
poses assembled and listened to test
speeches made by Mayor Ashbridge, Ser
geant-at-Arms Wiswell, Chairman Dob
bins of the building committee and others.
The band was in the place it will occupy
during the convention and men were sta
tioned in the remote sections of the hall
to listen to the 6peeches and music. All
reported that the acoustics were every
thing that could be desired.
The National Committee requests that
the different State delegations will act
promptly in designating the members. to
fill the following places:
Chairman of the delegation, secretary of
the delegation, vice president of the con
vention, member of committee on creden
tials, member of committee on permanent
organization, member of committee on
rules, member of committee on resolu
tions. National Committeeman," member of
the committee to notify the nominee for
President, member of the committee to
notify the nominee for Vice President.
Meeting of the Committee.
The Republican National Committee
met at the Hotel "Walton at noon to-day
and Immediately began the investigation
of contest cases preparatory to the forma
tion of the temporary roll for the National
Convention- Senator Hanna was not pres
ent when, the committee was convened,
and Henry C. Payne, member from
Wisconsin, was chosen to preside in "his
place. Senator Hanna came on from
Washington about half past 1. but did not
assume the duties of the chair during the
afternoon.
The entire afternoon session was de
voted to hearing the recital of testimony
and to arguments in the contest from the
State of Alabama. There yrere seven con
tests from that State, including: those over
the representation from the State at large
and those from the Second, Third, Fourth
Fifth, Seventh and Ninth districts.
The newspaper representatives, as well
as the public at large, were excluded from
the room In which the, committee sat •
The hearing in the main- consisted ' of
recitals of petty 'acts of bribery and of
Intimidation from both sides "of the con
troversies, and in some cases affidavits
were read in which the witnesses had tes
tified on both sides of the case, giving
absolutely contradictory testimony. The
principal developments of the day, how
ever, consisted in bringing, out the fact
that the Federal office holders In Alabama
and some of those from the Btate who are
employed- In ' Washington ! had -been cx-
CONVENTION HALL, PHILADELPHIA.
Proposition to Create the Office of Second
Vice President Favored bu Ursula
Parlor Is Defeated.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS
IN FRIENDLY RIVALRY
Says Chicago Platform Should Be Re
affirmed. With Trust and Impe
rialism Clauses Added.
CHICAGO. June 13.— William Jennings
Bryan was in Chicago to-day and the
center of much political discussion, all of
it bearing on what may be done at the
Democratic National Convention next
month.
Mr. Uryan saw scores of people during
the day. H e talked "business" with Sen
ator Jones, chairman of the Democratic
National Committee; J. G. Johnson, head
of the executive committee; Charles A.
Walsh, secretary of the National Com
mittee, and Daniel J. Campau, national
committee-man from Michigan.
The platform to be adopted at Kansas
City and the Vice Presidential <juestirm.
especially the Towne Populist nomination
engle of It, were considered at some
lengrth. On the question of platform, the
trend of discussion forecasted to some ex
tent the difference? of opinion which may
arise at Kansas City, even among loyal
Bryan men. The question is whether the
money pla.nk and other leg-acies from 18IW
rhall be handled by reaffirmation of the
Chicago platform in a lump or whether
some planks from the 1K<6 platform, and
especially the money plank, shall be re
written. Mr. Bryan favors rewriting much
of the IS&ti platform this year. '
Senator Jones, according to credible ad
vices, advocates reaffirmation of th«* Chi
cago platform as a whole and then a
quick transition to the newer issues of
Imperialism and trusts.
"I Bay as I have said before -so manv
times." Mr. Bryan replied, when asked
what he thought the platform and issues
this year should be, "that I think the
three bii? questions before us are monev,
trusts and Imperialism. The money ques
tion, of course, includes the question of
silver and of paper money. The question
of imperialism includes militarism and the
policy of which our national administra
tion's wr.rk in the Philippines and attitude'
on the Boer question are samples.
¦ "I hrlleve the principles adopted in the
platform of 1S36 were adopted at? a part
of the party creed, never to be departed
Trcnn. 1 don't think they should be or
ran be departed from this year. That
platform must, however, be added to as
new issues aris<». As I don't expect to be
a. delegate to the National Convention, I
cannot presume to discuss the form Jn
vhich these principles shall t-e stated in
the platform to be adopted there:
"I cannot undertake to say what will
be the paramount issue. No man can.
One thinks one question is the biggest and
«n«-«ther man thinks another is."
The followlfjr statements by TV. J.
Bryan and Chairman Jones of the Demo
cratic National Committee will be pub
lished by the Tribune to-morrow:
1 "Money, imperialism and trusts will be
the three preat issues in the Democratic
platform. Money includes silver and pa
p*r. Imperialism carries with It militar
ism and thft Boer war. The contest in
Pouth Africa is one where Imperialism is
row Fpeclfically applied, and therefore It
concerns the people of this country. The
Chicago platform will be reaffirmed and
the new issues that have arisen added
to Its principles. I have not been asked
hy Senator Jones or anybody else to drop
16 to 1. - W. j. BRYAN."
"I believe that Colonel William J.
Bryan will carry every State he carried
in 1K*>. and moreover will carry Kentucky
and Maryland. He has a splendid chance
in Indiana. Ohio and New York. Tht>
rreat fight will be in New York and Ohio
an<l we have gained Jn both States since
1S9G. The Pacific Coast Is stronger to-day
for Colonel Bryan than In 1SSS. Kansas
and Colorado we will carry, and the situ
ation in the two Dakota* is most encour
•elng. JAMES K. JONES."
TO STAMPEDE
FOR ROOSEVELT
NEW YORK. June 13— Senator
Henry Cabot Ix>d?e. who had a
conference with Senator 'Piatt. de
clared to-day that the ticket would.
be McKinley and Roosevelt. There
was a story afloat that Senators
Platt and Lodpe and Mr. Quay had
formed a combination .to engineer
a Roosevelt stampede. Senator
Platt v.iil po to Philadelphia as the
puest of Governor Roosevelt In a
private car to be attached to the
train that will leave for Philadel
phia at 3 o'clock on Saturday after
noon.
Cornelius A. Bliss, who returned
from Philadelphia • on Tuesday
right, declined to-day to say any
thing regarding his Vice Presiden
tial boom.
ROCHESTER. N. Y., June 13.— "I stand
just where I did two months ago. I am
not a candidate for Vice President, and I
will not accept if nominated at Philadel
phia next week."
These words were spoken by Governor
Roosovelt to the Associated" Press re
porter upon his return to this city from
Caledonia at 5 o'clock this evening, where
he had been to make nn address In con
nection with the unveiling of a soldiers'
monument. The sentences were uttered
in such an emphatic manner as to leave
co room for doubt that the speaker
rr.ear.t just what he said. The Governor
continued:
, "J *"¦«• that my name is being mentioned
In this connection again, but 1 cannot im
agine by whose authority or on whose
responsibility. The national leaders know
my position and the Now York State dele
gation will not present or urge my name "
The Governor added that he will go to
Philadelphia Saturday and make his posi
tion known to alt leaden. He does Ttiot
want the Vice Presidency, but frankly
confesses he would like to be renominated
for Governor. He and his friends believe
that the on!y bona-:5de opposition to his
re-election as Governor comes from the
big corporations which are lighting the
lord franchise tax law, for the passage
of which the Governor was largely re
sponsible.
BRYAN CONFERS WITH
CHAIRMAN JONES
Frankly Admits That His Desire Is
to Agnin Be Chcsen Governor
of New York
State.
Roosevelt Reiterates That
He Does Not Want to
Be Vice President.
POSITIVELY
WILL DECLINE
NOMINATION
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 14, 1900.
National Committee in Hearing Contest Cases Is Aroused mj
Irregularities in Alabama— Contention Over Federal
Patronage Called to the Attention of the President, • .
PREPARING THE ROLL FOR
THE REPUBLICAN CONVENTION
PRESIDENT OF A BANK
BUYS A "GOLD BRICK"
Fays $13,60O for It and After Send-
ing It to the Hint Learns It Is
but Copper.
HASTINGS. Nebr., June 13.— William
¦Kerr, president- of the Adams County
Bank of Hastings, has received word
from the Denver mint that a "gold" brick
he had purchased from a stranger at
¦Leavenworth.- Kans., afew days ago for
113,600 is made of copper. The brick was
transferred to Mr. Kerr by a man who
Degree for Pauncefote.
I.'Ew YORK, June 13.— At the com
nencement exercises of Columbia Unl
rrrflty to-day the honorary degree of
Joctor of laws was conferred on Lord
raunrefote. British Embassador to the
nlted States; Thomas Brackett Reed, ex
ipeaker of the House of Representatives;
Arthur T. Hadley of Yale; Cap-
Bin Alfred T. Mahan, United States navy
retired), and Professor MInton Warren,
irofefsor of Latin in Harvard ¦ University.
to Land.
SEATTLE. "Wash.. June 13.— A board of
mquiry, of which Deputy Collector Mit
ten was chairman, to-day ordered 71 of the
ICO Japanese Immigrants on the Bteamship
Idzumi Maru deported to Japan, holding
them to be disqualified to land, j
Immigrant Inppector Charles W. Sny
ler. who was assisted In his work by Spe
rial Agent Wachorn of Washington, had
ruled against 125 Immigrants. The board
rnntalned him In the 71 cases, allowing the
remainder to land.
zuxnl Maru Disqualified
Seventy-One Passengers on the Id-
IMMIGRANTS MUST
RETURN TO JAPAN
2
Tired and Feeble Women
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[FIND PEBDNA TO BE AN UNFAILING AND PROMPT REMEDY.]
Miss Mary Goerbing of Medford. "WIs.. speaks v . ¦ .kvv^.^-
In glowing praise of Peruna as a catarrhal tonic "
and nerve restorer. She says: -J take great pleas- /^^^^^^^^^^^^^^S^
ure in acknowledging the curative powers of Pe-
As a nerve tonic, a gentle stimulator M^^^^^^^^^^^
to a sluggish system, as an appetizer and
restorer of lost strength and vitality of 1
worn-out women, it is very superior.
"I find it la splendid as a preventive for catch-
Ing cold and whenever T feel used up I take a dose Sjf \ilw«B&f\Ml}|n$
or two and it never fails to relieve me." ¦ V^^
' TIRED WOMEN. A
Depression of the nervous system during t^« *w BsES? ;
heat of summer months is a fertile source of blood t, » "!&•%%£///
Impurities.- That tired feeling, which is the natural f r&jr <$* •
result of the depressing effect of warm weather, I -.^*
quickly disappears when Peruna is taken. V^St.^\ !
Thousands or.! daily testifying to its priceless J-^SgS Jg
benetlt General lassitude, dull, heavy sensations. 13^55^*=?
continued tired feelings, with Irregular appetite and *%Tj r
sometimes loss of sleep.. .Peruna meets every indl- UpG&r S^\
cation ana proves itself to be perfectly adapted to fcfga >4^*>S.
all their varied peculiarities. Peruna invigorates fijSgC
the system, rejuvenates the feelings, restores the ¦**J ¦¦»'
normal appetite and produces regular skep. £&8L "
This tired out feeling Is especially true of the '-S^MfV dS^&WJ^rlcL}*' o»
busy women in summer time— used up, fagged out. c^^S'WVirv* * ?
jaded and weak. There Sr«» thousands of them ev- S*««8y£^Srrv^5oj?a »_^
erywhere. A few bottles of Peruna would do them 9 j»^L : \j^^ .^-S^ • "J* *
untold benefit. ? < . %V^ r«pi^fy»Y?fcf5>^^jf
As a tonic and nerve irivigorator it has nj$L]k'jQ&^ \ £
no. equal. It builds up the nerves and *J&F*&*~ i= " J&
gives strength to the circulation. No (P 1 * 33 GwrfcHi^
feeble woman should be v/ithout Peruna. —
"Health and Beauty ,'•* a book written especially for women by r>r. Hartman
contains much invaluable advice to ailing women, sent free by addressing The Pe-
runa Medicine Company, Columbus, Ohio.
1 JSL $A Special Reduction! I
EH iRL ifSm&r Made from all wool plaids, strires and black and blue che- lil
lal *3i'/™TsJ ¦ vlots— the very latest patterns of the season. You car.not get I •£
BJ| ~~$*<m such values elsewhere for the same money. IB
HH ; NbK ' * have also a nne lln» of goods from which I have b*»en mak- SfA
IC iBranl ln * 8Ult9 for **'• whIch ' t0T a short time, -will offer to you for UA
IS I wa&Sr * A11 other goods reduced in proportion. \'\
La I BBf Call early as convenient— plenty of goods to select from— all Jj|
IB ' I &3W new and desirable. f I
1 I ' JH lAF TtADPTIf "10HI2 Market St. &1
$%M JOE sgpv it u ITHE THREE JIMS— THE YELLOW KID'S SPECIAL COMMISSIONERS.
bar and talked politics.
M. F. Tarpey is serene, but not over
confident. He said to-night: "I am not in
any combination. I have not consulted
with White. Maguire or Phelan in regard j
to my candidacy. I have not entered into
any compact. When the Fresno dele
gates indorsed me and pledged their sup
port to me for delegate at large I decided
to enter the contest. I fancied that I
would like to attend the National Demo
cratic Convention at Kansas City. I be
lieve that the convention about to assem
ble will elect me, but I will not go away
broken hearted and disappointed If I
•should not be chosen."
Indications to-night lead to the belief
that there will be no contests to vex the
convention. A compromise has been ef
fected in the Thirty-eighth Assembly Dls*
trlct of San Francisco. I^eo Kaufman,
leader of the faction that was excluded
at Native Sons' Hall, gets one-half the
delegation from the district and Charles
W. Fay. who made the fight for Phelan,
gets the other half. It is fresh in the
minds of the public that Kaufman and
his associates charged that Fay, acting
for one in a high place, used bribery and
corrupt means and actually prostituted
civil service to gain control of the dis
trict. So many ugly charges were made
in the contesting document filed with
Seth Mann, chairman of the State Central
Committee, that leading Democrats,
dreading a scandal, advised Fay to give
up half the delegation. It is the talk to
night that a compromise will be effected
in the Forty-fourth by the admission of
both delegations and the allowance of
half a vote to each delegate from that
district. It will be remembered that for
gery was charged^ in the Forty-fourth.
The delegates who were the victims of
the forgery offered to submit positive
proof of tho charges. Friends of Phelan,
not desiring to meet such accusations on
the floor of the convention, advised a
compromise.
It is settled beyond doubt that E. C.
Farnsworth of Tulare will be chosen
chairman of the convention. Gavin Mc-
Nab laid the wires six weeks ago for the
selection of Farnsworth. There were rea
sons other than Farnsworth's resemblance
to Bryan which suggested tho indorse-
Plenty of Flags, Shields and Bunting
to Inspire and Cheer the
Democratic Heart.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, June 13.— The Agricultural Pa
vilion, corner of Fifteenth and.M streets,
which last month resounded with the elo
quenco of Republican orators and loud
cheers for 'William McKinley, their stand
ard bearer, will re-echo to-morrow with
the cries of Democracy. Delegates from
all sections of the State will assemble in
the famous building and repeat the scenes
that attended the session of their rivals.
Delegates at large and district delegates
will be elected to represent California
Democrats In the National Convention of
the party called to meet in Kansas City
on July 4. j
The appearance of the pavilion has un
dergone a slight change in decorations.
On the sounding board immediately be
hind the chairman's desk is a striking
likeness of William J. Bryan. The. pic
ture surmounts the wings of a gilded
eagle and the decorator in hanging the
picture tried to symbolize the Democratic
standard bearer flying into office on the
wings of victory. On either side of the
picture is a trophy' of American flags.
Potted palms and streamers of red, white
and blue bunting heighten the effect.
The 9000 yards of white canvas and bunt
ing which has been used In walling in a
portion of the structure gives the pavilion
a cool and inviting appearance. The ugly
rafters of the building are hidden by a
stretch of canvas, which makes a fine
background for the colored streamers that
are stretched from the apex to all sides
of the pavilion. An immense Japanese
umbrella in the center of the temporary
roof adds to the effect. The canvas walls
are covered with shields, upon which are
painted the seal of every State in the
Union.
Arrangement of Seats.
The delegates will have very llttlo
trouble in finding their seats, as gaily
painted shields containing the name of
each county are strung around the hall.
The- delegates will be seated according to
districts, but the arrangement of the
seats haii been so cleverly perfected that
all counties will be within view of tha
chairman and the sound of his voice.
George Boyne. the well-known decorator
of Sacramento, is responsible for the strik
ing appearance of the convention hall and
TalbotH. Wall is for the arrangement of
the seats and other important features.
There is every probability that E. C.
Farnsworth of Tulare will be the tem
porary chairman of the convention. It is
a certainty that D. W. Carmichael. a
well-known real estate dealer of Sacra
mento, will be temporary secretary. He
will have as his chief assistant J. V.
ment of < the Tulare statesman. Farns
worth was a candidate for the nomination
of Justice of the Supreme Court in the
Democratic convention two years ago. His
friends then expected support from Phe
lan, which was never given. It was de
cided advisable therefore to select a chair
man with a memory- I* Phelan's friends
attempt the game of "wild hog" In this
convention the chairman may recognize a
protest against the proceeding.
George Patton came up from Los Ange
les with the notion that the delegates
were united here to have him preside over
the convention. He was assured of sup
port from various sections of the State.
Word was passed along tae line that ex-
Senator White preferred Patton to Farns
worth.
Gavin McNab listened to the rumors,
but never lost confidence In the success
of his Tulare County friend. To-night it
dawned upon the vision of Patton and
the patrons of Patton that Farnsworth,
backed by McNab, was invincible. There
fore a suggestion was made to the slated
chairman that Patton should be given
first place on the committee on resolu
tions. Then It transpired that Farns
worth, with the knowledge and consent
of MeXab, had agreed to confer the honor
attaching to the position of chairman of
the platform committee on that orna
mental Democratic warhorse, W. H. AI
ford, late of the San Joaquin Valley but
now of the metropolis, and of the metrop
olis favored as he holds a lucrative place
in the City Hall; it Is noted that Alfor.1
h'as claims other than those presented in
his handsome shape. He is reputed to be
the possessor of a very large degree of
the friendship and confidence of Colonel
William J. Bryan and consequently Is en
titled to recognition in making the plat
form-
Mr. Patton of Los Angeles is In no sense
discouraged. It Is true that his prospects
for chairman of the convention and leader
of the committee on resolutions have gone
glimmering, but he has saved his creden
tials and will be heard in the convention.
There will not be much of a platform,
anyway. The sentiment of the delegates
Is against committing the party in Cali
fornia to any fixed principles. Some reso
lution of a general character, the catchy
campaign platitudes, will be adopted. R.
F. del Valle, an able and accomplished
statesman from the orange groves, who
always comes to the rescue of a party in
distress, will jump in to-morrow and offer
the platform recently adopted by the Los
Angeles County Democratic Convention.
CONVENTION HALL IN
READINESS FOR DELEGATES
Southerners Opposed
to Phelan, but the
Toy Mayor and
Chief Yellow Kid
Commissionerand
White, Maguire
and Tarpey Will
Be the Delegates
at Large.
Senator Ostrom of Into,
t&e Only Canfllflate From
the North, Sacrificed to
Save Mayor Phelan.
Senator D. A. Ostrora, of Tuba 13 mak
ing a determined effort to be chosen dele
gate-at-large to the national convention.
He arrived early on the scene to-day and
was engaged throughout the afternoon
and evening buttonholing delegates and
asking their support. The ex-Senator feel3
certain that he will win. A rumor float
ing around that he had withdrawn w,is
nailed by h!m as a canard. He said that
he "was in the fight to a finish and not
until he was beaten would he be out of
the running. He claims to have the solid
backing of tho Yuba delegation and as»
serts that he will be supported by tha
delegates from Sutter. Amador and San
Bernardino counties. In conversation to
night Senator Ostrom said he based h:a
candidacy on geographical locality ; that
he did not set up any great claim for
excellence or superiority, b::t that he was
a thorough Democrat. Senator O3trom
dents of Sacramento to .fittingly entertain
the delegates of the Democratic Conven
tion has completed all its labors and now
awaits the crowning of its work. Neal'3
Band has been engaged by the committee
to play national airs in front of the
Golden Eagle Hotel at 9:40 o'clock to
morrow morning. After rendering: their
selections the musicians will repair to tho
convention hall and play Inspiring airs.
After the temporary chairman 13 elected
Mayor George H. Clark will deliver a
short address of welcome to the as
sembled delegates.
"Welcome by Mayor Clark.
The committee appointed by the resi-
New State Committee Is
Demanded.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAC
IIAMEXTO, Jane 13. — There
wn» a. {general lnlerehnnce
of views nmonjj lender* of
the pnrtr to-nljcht on State
Central Committee nffalrs.
It transpire* thnt TlBoronn
nrKnmi'nh on the subject
trere aubmltted nt a confer^
ence of prominent member*
of tlie party In the Capitol
Hotel. The reanlt of the de
liberations warn a determina
tion to demand tuat the con
vention name a new commit—
tee to mnnase the campaign.
The Call's Information Is to
the effect that the plan for se
lection of n new committee
will be carried ont. State
Senator Sims of Santa Rosa
and Hill of Lou Anseles are
mentioned an candidate!! for
the chairmanship of the new
committee. The Call learns
that Senator Sims -will be
chosen.
Power. D. C. McCullom of Willows will
act as clerk, as will also P. A. Byrne of
Sacramento. G. VST. Griffin, Sheriff of
Yolo County, has been appointed ser
geant-at-arms. and as his assistants he
will have William W. Whitney and John
P. Brissell, both of Sacramento. Masters
Burkhardt, Lampfrey and O'Connell will
act as pages.
sought to create much rivalry. The
platform which this convention will
adopt will be flexible enough to leave
California Democrats in a position to
accept anything which the national
platform makers may suggest.
PHELAN READY TO
MAKE CONCESSIONS
He and His Supporters Anxious to
Avert Contests in the Con
vention.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, June 13.— A marked feat
ure of the .situation here to-night
is the concessions which Phelan and
his supporters stand ready to make
in order to avert contests in the conven
tion. It is known that a hundred political
knives will be raised against Phelan by
outraged Democrats i£ war Is declared,
hence the efforts to preserve the peace.
Already politicians are remarking that
Gavin McNab is shielding the Mayor
from the vengeance of Democrats. If
Phelan is permitted to represent his party
at the Kansas City convention he may
owe the recognition to the indulgence of
Gavin ilcNab and Jasper McDonald.
BIG AND LITTLE DEMOCRATS
PRESENT AT THE CAPITAL
Harmony Earnestly Desired, but
There Are Apprehensions of
Trouble.
PA.LL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. June 13.— The reunion of
Democrats to-night in the lobbies of
1 . the Golden Eagle and Capitol hotels,
' is regarded as significant by the
party leaders. Many of the big and little
guns of the Democracy are here, among
them Stephen M. White, Daniel Ostrom,
James D. Phelan. M. F. Tarpey, ex-Gov
ernor Budd, A. Caminettl. R. Porter Ashe.
Seth Mann, Gavin McXab,, I. D. Dock
weiler, Jasper M. McDonald. J. D. Max
well. Judge Conley, Dr. R. Beverly Cole.
Senators Braunhart and Sims, R. F. del
Valle. Thomas McCaffrey, W. II. Alfj)rd.
Charles Edelman, M. C. Hassett, Curtis
Hillyer, R. M. Fitzgerald, Martin C.
Marsh, W. G. Downing.
The talk on the surface* Is peace. Har
mony Is spoken of as something earnestly
desired, but beneath the surface there
are threats of revenge. Apprehensions
are felt that the combinations will be
broken by the candidacy of Daniel Os
trom of Yuba for delegate-at-large: He
was not admitted to the chosen circle of
the four favorites, but since his exclusion
he has displayed skill and energy in his
efforts to gain the favorable recognition
of his fellow Democrats. It Is obvious
that the success of Ostrom will mean the
defeat of the weakest member of the four.
Strenuous measures have been brought
forward to save Phelan from slaughter.
The Mayor, perceiving the danger that
threatened him, lined up at the Capitol
nia, there is even' likelihood that
the proprietor of the yellow sheet
will win the absurd notoriety
which he is seeking.
To-night the opposition to the
plan of the yellow journalists has
assumed a peculiar phase. Dem
ocrats who object to the prosti
tution of their party say that they
have not the slightest doubt that
Hearst will receive the indorse
ment of the convention. They
are quick to add, however, that
the indorsement as a matter of
course means nothing, as Hearst
has absolutely no chance of re
ceiving the coveted nomination.
In selecting William Jennings
Bryan as its Presidential nomi
nee, the national Democracy has
placed upon itself the necessity of
choosing an Eastern man as a
Vice Presidential candidate.
Whatever identity Hearst may
have in Democratic councils, it is
essentially of the West, his East
ern connections not being recog
nized by the national party.
Politicians of every caliber rec
ognize this fact, but they are will
ing to submit to the importuni
ties of Hearst's employes, not
withstanding the fact that their
acquiescence degrades their party
in the State and makes of their
convention a farce.
The single interesting feature
of this convention, therefore, will
be the indorsement of William
R. Hearst for an honor which he can
not win. His personality has quite
overshadowed every other issue of the
convention. There appears no doubt
(now that the four delegates at large to
the national convention will be Stephen
M. White, James G. Maguire, M. F.
Tarpey and James D. Phelan. D. *-\.
Ostrom has been making a stubborn
fight, but he must share the fate that
nearly every other northern man has
suffered at the hands of Democracy,
and he will be compelled to return home
with another defeat registered against
him.
Among the southern delegates there
is a very pronounced but unorganized
opposition to Mayor Phelan of San
Francisco. While this antagonism to
Phelan is widespread it is not effective
and will not accomplish the defeat of
the Mayor of the metropolis. _ In the
district delegations there are but few se
rious contests, as the honor of going to
Kansas City is not eagerly enough
THE PLATFORM.
CALL. nEADQUARTEBS, SAC- <
RAMCXTO, Jane IS. It Is re- *
ported (bat tbe platform adopt- H
¦d liy the Lou Anjreles Democ- „
rac>' will be presented to the -.
¦ laii- convention and will no ¦"
!onbt be adopted. It 1» as fol- H
O*vwx
The Democratic party of Los "*
Ing-elea County in convention ¦
ifmembled announce* its nnfal- .
terinjj adherence to the Demo- -.
•ratio principle* embodied In 4
the Clilenjro platform of XSOtl *
and Its unabated confidence and 4
trawt In the qualities of courage "
and leadership that have In nd-'
1 a nee marked William J. Bryan *
as lt% leader In the campaign 4
of 19OO. It pledge* to the party*
and to him its zealous support"
in tbe srreat conflict now im- "
pending;, in vrhlch is to be de- •
terminrd whether this republic*
Is to live free, upon the broad '.
foundation of tbe principles of
the Declaration of Independ- *
ence, or whether In abandoning,
that safe jjrnnnd upon vrhlch.
oar fathers entabllabed It, it*
nhall follow tbe perllons path 1
of world empire and dominion, ¦>
upon which other great repob- ¦>
lien of tbe world have traveled'*
to their destruction; and better"
to insure the perpetuity of our"
r.-putilic. we favor inch polltl-"
<ul policy as shall erlve the peo- "
pie a direct voice In the deter-,
initiation of fundamental politi
cal qaestions. *
CALL HEADQUAR
TERS, SACRAMENTO,
June 13. — The Demo
cratic State Convention which
will meet in this city to-morrow"
is destined from even- present in
dication to pass into the history
of the State as a political farce.
Delegates have come to Sacra
mento from every part of Cali
fornia, ostensibly to elect dele
gates to the national convention,
but in reality to pander to the ut
terly absurd and futile ambition
of William R. Hearst, the pro
prietor of the Pacific Coast rep
resentative of "yellow journal
ism." The Democratic conven
tion even before it has met has
degenerated into a clique of self
seeking flatterers who are striv
ing to inflame the imagination of
the Yellow Kid into a hope of an
ambition that will never be real
ized in order that his purse
strings may be loosened. Not
long ago the name of William R.
Hearst was suggested in a spirit
of coarse humor for the Vice
Presidential nomination on the
Democratic national ticket. The
joke passed through the East
and by a curious circumstance
became a matter of seriousness to
the employes of Hearst on this
coast. It is their intention, there
fore, to subordinate every other
object of this coming convention
to flicir plan of securing for
Hearst the indorsement of the
State convention as a Vice Presi
/-Vntini nominee.
Some of the nost prominent
Democrats in the State have been
made special coirmissioners of
the yellow sheet for the occasion.
An employe of the Examiner is
here to manipulate the scheme to
success. Delegations are being
importuned to subir.it to the
nonsense of Mr. Heirst's em
ployes. And while a stubborn re
sistance will be made b)i some of
the leading Democrats ol Califor-
Democrats Object to Pros
titution ol Their Party,
M, Indications Are tbe
Yellow Journalist Will
Receive Indorsement.
Ostensible Mission of
Delegates Is to
Send Representa
tives to Kansas
City, tot in Real
ity to Pander to
Absurd Ambition
of Examiner's
Proprietor.
CALL HEADftPAIlTERS, SACRAMENTO, June 13.— It 1m practically settled tbat tbe follotvins tlclcet
¦will l>c r.electecl tn-mnrroin . (>
CHAIRMA.V, E. C. Farns^vorth, Tnlare; secretary, D. "\V. Carmlchael, Sacramento; sergeant
at arms, G. "\V. Griffin. Yolo.
DELEGATES AT LARGE James D. Phelnn, San Francisco; Stephen M. "Whl-te, X«o« Angrele»| J. G.
MaKuirf, San Francisco; M. V. Tarpey, Alameda.
CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT DELEGATES: First Conerenslonal District— J. S. Siveet, Santa Rosa;
J. Q,. "White, Mendoctno. Second Congressional District — D.*>V. Carmlchael. Sacramento; E. W. S. "Wood,
Stockton. Third Conerrmiional District Jame* A- Keys, Snlsnn; Robert BI. Fltxserald, Oakland.
Fourth Congressional District — Cnrtls Hillyer, San Francisco; Charles Edelmnn, Snn Francisco.
Fifth Congressional District — Jasper 31. McDonald, San Francisco; J. H.~Henry, San Jose. Sixth Con
sresstonal District — R. F. del Valle, Los Annreles; John McGonlglc, Ventura. Seventh Congressional
District William SIcFndden, Orange) other delegate In doubt. . '
DEMOCRATS PLAN TO INDORSE HEARST FOR VICE PRESIDENT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JTTSTE 14, 1900.
(Continued on Page Five.)
3
Sons of Democracy Sta t
for Sacramento.
H lZ™"' O be well dressed is, after all, as jgj
h (vl^ much a matter "of judgment as of |l
H Sa money. If you are a good judge of j&j
if values in clothes you can be better dressed ||
§ than he with plenty of money who buys hap-
H One of the objects of our business is to m
H make clothes to order at reasonably low prices. j§i
H As proof of it, look at these cloths from which |:|
§1 we are making to order sack suits and cut- f|
3 aways for $13 50. They comprise : g[j
1 black cheviot new light blue serge ||
I blue cheviot and clay worsted |g
I To get good materials like these at $13.^0
I is certainly a value — one you cannot overlook. p
1 - We suggest that you get some of the samples ||
1 and make comparisons, which will prove the |J
H Out-of-town orders filled — perfect fit assured thrsujh our self- «j?j
H 718 Market Street and Cor. Powell ani Eddy. MJAM.ES J. JEFFRIES, champion boxer of the world, is to make his appear
ance next season as a thespian. The champion, who is now busy rehears
ing, will lend weight to the part of a country sheriff in a new play written
especially for him, entitled "A Man From the West." With good judgment
the author has drawn the character of the country sheriff as a man of few
words and quick action. Jeffries is to make numerous arrests of all sorts of
tough lawbreakers. They will doubtless recognize at once the force of the man
who tells them to "Hold up your hands. You are my prisoner, and the Man from
the West has never been known to lose his man." The playwright has Intro
duced one Individual In his effort who will have the temerity to defy the sher
iff. Ed Dunkhurst will portray this character, and what Jeffries will do to the
"Human Freight Car" to enf8rce the sheriff's authority will doubtless set the
gallery wild and give the lower part of the house an object lesson as to tne effi
ciency of straight jabs, cross counters and a well placed smash on the jaw or
the solar plexus.
The picture shows "Jeff" In his sheriff's costume and face enamel.
ST. LOUIS, June 13.— To all appearances
to-day witnessed the beginning of the end
of the riotous demonstrations and scenes
of bloodshed that have characterized the
.great street railway strike for over a
month past and in many quarters It is
thought that the strike itself will not last
much longer. These opinions are based
upon statements of the Chief of Police
and SherifT that the critical stage has
been passed and upon the fact that the
St. Louis Transit Company Is slowly but
surely approaching a complete resump
tion of business with the aid of non-union
men.
The Inquest over the bodies of the vic
tims of Sunday'B riot began to-day. The
testimony adduced was not of a character
calculated to base a decision as to which
side was to blame for beginning hostili
ties, the witnesses disagreeing on material
points. Some placed the blame on the
posse and other placed it on the strikers.
Many contradictions have arisen in the
accounts of Sunday's tragedy and these
were emphasized in the testimony taken
to-day.
The first witness was James P. Klatz.
a guest at the Llndell Hotel, who stated
that on Sunday he was Bitting In his room
overlooking Washington avenue and saw
an orderly body of uniformed street car
men marching west toward him. No
overt act was committed by them, but
two rocks had been thrown at the pass
ing car. When the head of the column
hael almost reached Sixth street witness
saw several men with guns step out and'
meet a number of strikers who had left
the ranks. There was some scuffling, one
of the men with a shotgun fired and a
man in uniform dropped. The streetcar
men fled at the first shot, according to
the witness, and firing became general
along tho block and from the windows of
the posse barracks.
C. \V. Cassilly, a photographer, salel
that he saw a man strike a car with
something soft; heard a cry of "Halt."
and saw several men pull one of the
streetcar men out of the parade and drag
him over to the other side of the street.
. "I saw the uniformed men break from
the line and saw the deputies follow
them and shoot at them," the witness!
said.
"While Thomas was a prisoner I saw
Streetcar Company Is Slowly but
.Surely Resuming Complete Oper
ations With Non-Union
Men.
ST. LOUIS STRIKE
WILL NOT LAST
MUCH LONGER
Such the Opinion of Chief
of Police and Other
Officials.
Thrown From His Bicycle.
Charles D. Burchard of Oakland was
thrown from his bicycle at the corner of
Beale and Market streets yesterday after
noon and severely injured about the head
He was treated at the Harbor Receiving
Hospital.
PRIZES TO BE CALLED FOR.
Servian-Montenegrin Benevolent Society. The
following are the numbers of prizes not yet
called for: 1926. 1780, 1677. 1793. 828, 580. 658. 601,
1691, 1957, 1516. 837, 1705, 1958, 618, 133, 614,' 6X9, 987,
87, *14. 503, 840, 78, 60J. 1526, 18, 590. 1953, 1938,
1960, 152. 1394, 543. 553. 505, 699, 166, 633, 953. 14S1,
827. 1914, 827. 1492. Gate— 815, 716, 687. 1055. 6CS.
449, 620, 8M, 1487." Please call at 1600 Polk St.,
corner of Sacramento. *
By Defeating Chicago Score Three
NEW YORKS MAKE A RECORD.
Consecutive Shut-Outs.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia 27 15 .643 St. Louis.... 20 22 .479
Hrooklyn ....25 16 .610 Chicago 20 24 .456
Plttfburg ...2J 23 .600 New York... 17 23 .423
Boston 20 20 .500 Cincinnati ..16 25 .330
PHILADELPHIA. June 13.— Platt was in
good form to-day and kept the hits well scat
tered. Philadelphia, on the other hand, hit
the ball hard In nearly every inning. Sudhoff
was taken off the rubber after the fifth inning
and Thomas substituted. He was no improve
ment and the locals won with ease. Attend
ance, 1000. Score:
Clubs— R H. E.
St. Louis • 7 11 3
Philadelphia ....11 18 0
Batteries — Sudhoff, Thomas and Robinson;
Platt and McFarland. Umpire— Hurst.
BROOKLYN, June 13.— Bartlett was put out
of the game for kicking to-day and the Cln
clnnatls became demoralized. Wood, who took
his place, misjudged two flies in the seventh
and before the home team was retired s(x
Brooklyn men had crossed the plate. McOln
n'.ty allowed Cincinnati but four hits and was
fautlessly supported. Jones was hurt by a
pitched ball and retired. Attendance, 1S0O.
Score:
Clubs— • ' R. H. B.
Brooklyn " " 0
Cincinnati • ••• 1 . ? 6
Batteries— McGlnnlty and Farrell; Breiten
steln and Peitz. Umpire— O' Day.
NEW YORK, June 13.— The New Torka again
defeated the Chlcagx>8 to-day, scoring their
third consecutive shut out This is a record
for recent years. It w»s again a pitchers' bat
tle Hawley having the better of It. It was
through hla clever pitching and the New York's
sharp fielding that only twenty-eight Chicago
players came to the bat. One of those got a
base on balls. Attendance, 2000. Score:
Clubs— . K- H. E.
New York $ 5 °
Chicago • .0 B 6
Batteries— Ha wley and Bowerman; Griffith
and Chance. Umpire— Swartwood. v
BOSTON, Juno 13.— Nichols was an enigma
to-day, being hit for only three scattering:
singles during the game. Hamilton's drive
over the left field fence in the third inning
scored the only run of the game Attendance,
8000. Score:
Boston '• £ f 0
Pittsburg 0 3 1
Battterfes— Nichols and' Clark; Phlllppl and
O'Connor. Umpire— Etnslle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. June 13.— John B. Crow
ell, a laborer employed by George Grtffes
on the Troop farm, four miles west of
Woodland, died of heart failure some time
Tuesday night. He was found dead in
bed at 7 o'clock this morning by C; L.
Musgrove, and Dr. Prose said he had been
dead several hours.
Everything indicated that he made an
attempt to commit suicide by shooting
himself with a shotgun. He was found
lying on the bed with the muzzle of the
gun pointing over the right shoulder, the
butt resting near his ankle.
One barrel had been discharged. The
load passed directly over his head, and
lodged In the wall at. the head of his
bed. His aim had evidently been bad, as
there was no wound on the body, but the
discharge did its work effectively never
theless, as the shock evidently produced
heart failure. The other barrel was cock
ed, but the charge still remained In the
barrel.
The deceased was a native of England
and was about 55 years of age. He came
to Yolo County about twenty-five years
ago and has lived in various parts of the
county ever since.
J. B. Crowell Dies While
Attempting to Kill
Himself.
Charge of Shot Fired by His Own
Hand Misses Its Mark and He
Expires From Heart
Failure.
DEATH STAYS
THE HAND OF
A SUICIDE
Scott Leary Wins Distance Events
and Lester Hammersmith.
Proves Star Diver.
The swimming and diving contests last
night at the Olympic Club attracted an
attendance of spectators which filled
even' point of vantage about the club's
big tank. The programme was a varied
one, embracing contests In all branches
of sport in the water. The most exciting
event was the polo contest, which was
won by the team captained by Charles K.
Melrose. The score was one goal to noth
ing. The opposing team was led by Alex
W. Pape. The play was fast throughout
the teams being In good condition from
the series of games In which they have
taken part recently.
The nfty-yard handicap was run in three
heats and a final. The first heat was won
by Scott I>eary (3 seconds start), Alex
Pape (scratch), second. Second heat won
by D. Carroll (scratch), F. Burnette, sec
ond. Third heat won by F. Duran (3 sec
onds). A.-Geissler. second. Final heat won
by Scott Leary (3 seconds), D. Carroll
(scratch), second.
100-yard race— Won by Scott Leary (5
seconds), D. Carroll (scratch), second.
In the diving competition I^ester Ham
mersmith, D. Carroll and F.' Burnette tied
for' first place. They were then allowed
three dives of their own selection and the
judges placed them in the foregoing order
Sid Cavill swam an exhibition hundred
yard race in fast time, showing his clever
style to advantage.
WINS TaEMONT STAKES.
Outsider Crosses Under the Wire
First, I>efeatlng the Favorite.
NEW YORK, June 13.— The Tremout
stakes brought out a large crowd to
Gravesend to-day. There was a Rood deal
of disappointment, however, as Tommy
Atkins, the hot favorite, could do no bet
ter than third. They got away to a fair
start, the favorite, as usual, refusing to
go with his field. Prince Pepper took the
lead at the fall of the flag and held !t to
the last furlong, when Blues came out of
the Lunch in the rear and won in a driva.
Results:
About six furlongs — Picardy won, Sanders
second. Ccntestor third. Time, 1:10 2-6.
Mile and a quarter— Imp won. Gulden second,
Iy)thario third. Time, 2:CS.
Mx furlongs. Tremont— Blues won. Prince
Pepper second. Tommy Atkins third. Time,
Mile and a sixteenth, selling, Falcon— First
Whip won,- The Hush second, Re'dpath third.
Time, 1:4S 1-5.
Five and a half furlonpa— Rolling Boer won.
The Rhymer second, S?trateeist third. Time,
1:'« 4-L.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Autumn won,
Oliver Mac second, Lucky Star third. Time.
1:M.
CINCINNATI. June 13.— After winning the
last race at Latnnia to-day Prince of Wales
was run up by W.. H. Laird from $600 to tSiQ.
Chrrrington & Co. bid |8o5 and retained their
horse. This Is the first Belling race of tho
meeting. Track was fast. Results:
Six and a half furlongs— Doupterswlvel won,
Tension second. Flop third. Time, 1:21&. ,
Four and a half furlongs — Great Star won.
Lady Bramble second. Telephone Girl third.
Time, :5CH-
Mile selling— Dissolute won. Barilla second,
Prince Wilhelm third. Time. 1:44*4.
Mile, handicap — eireatland won, Salvarse sec
ond. Lord Zenl third. Time, 1:41%.
Five furlongs — Drogheda won, Bonckhart sec
ond. Porter B. third. Time, 1:03.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Prince of
Wales won. Northumberland second, Kilt third.
Time. l:20&.
ST. LOUIS. June 13.— The hard rain of last
night made the track at the Fair Grounds very
heavy to-day and the talent were in great luck
in picking all the winners. Results:'
Six and a half furlong:?, selling— Moroni won,
Hanrie Floyd second. Iron Chancellor third.
Time, 1:26»4.
Mile and an eighth, celling— Ramlro II won.
Baffled second. Umornli third. Time. l:58»i-
Slx furlongs, handicap— Tom Collins ¦ won.
Kindred second. Aunt Mary third. Time. 1:17.
Mile and a uixteenth. Belling— Tlckful won,
RuBBell R Becond. Myth third. Time. 1:54%.
Mile and seventy yards. Belling — Glen Lake
won El Caney second, Connie Lee third. Time,
1 :52.
Five furlongs— Ampere won. Miss Zara eec
ond. Amoroso third. Time, 1:05.
CHICAGO. June 13.— Weather cloudy; track
heavy at Harlem to-day. Results:
glx furlongs— Scales won. Praetorian second,
Charlie Moore third. Time, l:20\.
Five furlongs— Silverdale won, Sannasardo
second. Icon third. Time, l:06V4-
Steeplechase. Fhort couree, selling— Governor
Rudd won. Becky Rolfe second, Bonesetter
third. Time. 2:4f>.
Mile and seventy yards — Orlmar won, Teucer
second, Kentucky Babe third. Time, 1:44%.
Seven furlongs — Bannockburn won. Brulare
Ber-ond. Orion third. Time, l:33»i.
Mile and a sixteenth. Belling— Trimmer won,
Blue Lick second, Oxnard third. Time. 1:55^.
BUFFALO. June 13.— Results at Fort Erie:
Six furlones— Icedrop won. Miss Soak sec
ond, Mou»elto« third. Time, 1:15.
Four and a half furlongr — The Copper won.
Prank Morrison second. Bill Maesle third.
Time. :55%.
Mile— Zoroaster won, Alice Farley second,
Howard 8 third. Time, 1:41%.
Fix and a half furloncs — Oorlalls won. Ex
pelled second. Poorlands third. Time, \:2\\.
Mile— Althea won. Bell Punch second. Lady of
the V.'c«t third. Time, 1:41.
Six furlons-B— Oak Maid won, Jucoma second.
Ocle Brooks third. Time, 1:15.
SWIMMERS AND DIVERS
AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB
An Injury Received in a Trial Retires
Hiim — Many Great I>ogs
Entered.
J. H. Rosseter*s Imported gTeyhound,
the unbeaten For Freedom, will not be
a. contestant Sunday at Union Coursing
Park In the ladies' day champion
Etako. In a private trial last Sunday he
broke a toe on one of his fore feet, which
puts him effectually out of the running
for some time. The accident Is a grievous
disappointment to his owner and to all
enthusiasts in coursing. He Is conceded
to be the fastest greyhound ever Imported
from England and there was a general
desire to have him measure strides with
Beacon Luxor, Palo Alto. Royal Flush
and other distinctly Californian grey
hounds now reeogrnlzed as the fastest In
America. For Freedom has been particu
larly unfortunate this year. lie was
placed tn training for the John Grace
challenge- cup in February and on the eve
of its running he pulled out one of his
nails while in his kennel. He Jias Just
recovered from this only to meet with a
more serious accident. The matter was
kept a secret in the vain hone that the
dojJT micht be able to start on Sunday.
Even with For Freedom out of the stake
It is the greatest ever arranged here. In
addition to the champion stake there will
be a 12S-dog reserve stake of almost
championship class. The total prize
Pasha Kennels' blue gTeyhound Royal
Anne went through the 6take at Union.
Coursing- Park yesterday with colors fly
ing. She defeated the fast but uncertain
Slim in the first round, and then in suc
cession disposed of Master Gordon, Rock
Island King. Wait-a-Bit, Winning Lassie
und. In the deciding course, Forget. The
run-up eras a long one, the brace of gray
hounds being head and head for three
<jU2.rters of the distance across the field.
The spectators were uncertain as to which
would secure the first turn, when Royal
Anne shot out and gained posseBfion of
the hare. She worked it rapidly for sev
eral turns and then allowed Forget one
turn.* Just before the hare made good its
escape Royal Anne fell and rolled over
like a. rubber balL She was up in an In
fctant and was at the escape just as the
hare disappeared.
The favorites had the best of the day,
term Fhortendcrs landing. Walt a Bit beat
Thornhill at 5 to 4. Storm King beat
Thorriliill after the latter led to the hare,
ilagneto beat Shadow ax 5 to 4; May
Htmpstead beat Diablo 2 to 1, and Lear
King beat Cannencita at the same odds.
A number of lilujly candidates for stake
honors retired at various stages of the
coursing. Anchor was outworked by Lear
King ar.<I beaten. Winning Lassie was
beaten by Royal Anne in the semi-final
round, when she eeem«d to have an ex
cellent chance. Th© detailed results of the
running, with Judge John Grace's official
scores, follow:
Ous Abercromble'* Rock Island Boy beat
Maher & Reld'B Xellle Baxra. 8-0; J. Dean's
Uallant beat ];. H. Mulcaster'e Lady Napoleon,
14-0; O, 8tiannan'« Wait a Bit beat T. J.
Cronln'e Thornhill, 1-1; P. McOabe's Boney Boy
beat Coadrey & Koug-ht'» Royal Lady. 6-«: Oui
Abercromble's Rock Island Kins beat O. &har
uian's Wait a Little. €-?; Erwln & Lyon's Silver
Wings beat E. Bennett's Rey DeL 4-0; D.
Cronln'B Matter Gordon beat Condrey &
nought's Nlg:ht!nraJe, UH; Paeha Kennels'
Rcyal Anne beat J. Martinet's Slim. 3-1; J.
Smith's Master Workman beat Duncan 4
Courtney's Cadenza, 24-1; Oondrey A Roufht'e
Midnight Belle teat M. B. Oavanau^h's Hard
LinM. 8-2j Lowe & Thompson's Eu Oran beat
J. IL W. lluller** Cruiser, 3-2; Pa«ba Kennels'
Rest ABsured beat T. J. Cronln's Maid of Ball
4-0; J. P. ThrUt'a EL Michael beat T. J.
Cretan's Daisy Dale. 8-2; J. Dean's Grenada
beat 3. Mai-tenet's Bally Brleb. 7-1; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Biorm Kln»- beat T. J. Cronln'e Wild
Traiee, 1-0; J. J. Kenney's Winning Lassie
be*l Pasha Kennels' Rapid Addition. -6-0;
1'aEha Kennels' Metallic beat J. L. Ross' Just
Tipped, 1C'-S; M. London's Magneto beat Curtis
& Bon's fchadow. &-"• Sterl & Knowlea' Ollta
beat W. Creamer's Onward, 3-1; J. L. Rofs*
J. L. It. beat J. O'Dowd'* Shootover. 8-2; J P
Thrift's Form beat A. Frank's Loiterer, 6-0;
Pasha Kennels' May Hempetead beat R. K de
B. Lopere Diablo. 8-2; Sterl & Knowles' R!t>
cle beat Condrey & Routfhfs Flying Daisy, t-0;
It. E. de B. Lopez's Minnie Wa Wa beat J
ZMcksxra'e Lady Bess. 4-0; Curtis A Son's An
chor beat Erwin & Lyon's 811 ver Lyon. S-0- P
O'Dowd'a Cascada a bye. Erin's Hoi>e with
drawn; D. Cronln's Lear King beat R. E. de li
Lopez'* Carmencita. 2-0; R. E.- de B Lopez's
Wanda beat Condrey & Rourht's Homeward
Bound. 6-0.
Second round— Rock Island Boy beat Gallant
C-l; Walt fi Bit beat Boney Boy. 3-2; Rock Inl
and Kir.f beat Silver Wir.cs, 4-1; Royal Anne
beat Master Gordon. 10-0; Master Workman
beat Midnight Belle. 11-3: Rf»t AsBured beat
Ft. Oran, C-0; Pt. Michael beat Grenada 6-4
winning; Lassie beat Etorm King. 4-0; Metallic
b*U Maeneto. 7-E- J. L. R. beat OUta, 6-5-
Forrtt beat May H»inpst(^a<i, &-0; Minnie Wa
Wa beat Ripple. 10-2; Anchor beat Cascade. C-4;
Lear Klrjt beat Wanda. 7-4
Third round-Walt a Bit beat Rock Island
Boy. 5-0; Rnyal Anne beat Rock Island King
3-1; Rest Aspured beat Master Workman. 4-S :
Winning Law-le beat St. Michael. 3-2; Metallic
beat J. L. It .. 7-5; Forget beat Minnie Wa Wa,
6-4; Lear Kin* beat Anchor. 6-5.
Fourth round— Royal Anne boat Wait a Bit
J-2; Winnln* Lassie beat Rest AacurM. 7-4:
Fon?«>t b<*at Metallic, 6-0; Lear ICinr a bye
Fifth round— Ilnyal Anne twat Minnie \Va
Wa. 1-1; FonrH beat I^ear King. 7-1
Veci&ing course-Haeha Kennel* 1 Royal Anne
(Firm Friend-Valley Queen) beat J. P. Thrift^
Forget (Emln Pasha- Valley Queen). 12-J. "
FOR FREEDOM WILL NOT
START IN THE BIG STAKE
Outcome cf the Day's Sport at
Union Coursing Park Was in
Doubt to the Very
End.
She Defeats Forget Handily
in the Deciding
Course.
ROYAL ANNE IS
FASTEST IN THE
MIDWEEK STAKE
money is $1750. Th© draws last night re
sulted as follows:. .
Ladies.' day champion stake, 16 entries — J. H.
Rossetcr's Rural Artist vs. Russell. Allen &
"Wilson's Chicago Boy; Sterl & Knowles 1 For
Glory vs. R, K. Maloom's Fine Fire; Q. Whit
ney'* Theron vs. J. II. Iloaseter's Recording
Angel; O. W. Helntz's Herschel's Pride vs.
Curtis & Son's Beacon; J. - R. Smith's Sylva
nus vs. Curtis & Son's Xarclssus; E. Geary's
Palo' Alto vs. F. A. McComb's Royal Flush;
It- E. de li. Lopez's Whltehead vs. Curtis &
Son's Luxor; R, L. Taylor's Moso vs. P. J.
Rellly's Warship.
Reserve stake. 1S8 entries— J. Ronnlng'e
Pempsey Lass vs. J. R. Smith's Jennie Wilson;
J. R. Smith's Magic vs. Stwl & Knowles'
O*Hara; Harrlgan & Weigand's Overtime vs.
F. Schou's King's Borderer; J. Byrnes' Eleven
Spot vs. J. Hurley's Shjlock Boy; Parkinson &
Murphy's Ben Lomond vs. J. K. Smith's Vic
tor; J. Dean's Lady Clare vs. Curtis Ai Son's
Shadow; T. Logan's Leah vs. T. Logan's Miss
Grizzle; J. I. O'Brien's Statesman vs. J. L.
Hoss" Wildwood; N. P. Whiting's St. Anthony
Vf. Russell. Allen & Wilson's Spiteful; J.
Hurley's O. K. Capitol vs. Curtis & Son's Old
Glory; J. Martinet's Sally Brass vs. Pasha
Kennels' Rude Awakening; W, II. Hoag's Lady
Norbome vs. Captain Cane's Greenhall; W.
Creamer's Onward vs. J. McNeil's Blackhawk;
V. McCnbe's Boney Boy v«. liartels Bros.' Best
Bargain; Pasha Kennels' Metallic vs. Connell
Bros.' Clover; M. J. Welch's Milldale vs. Bar
tels Brr.s.' Betsey Barrow; J. J. Kenney's For
tunate Choice vs. E. Baumeister's Warrior;
Patha Kennels' Rapid Addition vs. J. J. Ken
ney's Winning Lat^ie: J. Martinet's Slim vs.
K. Schou's Smuggler: P. J. Rally's The Grafter
vs. J. Martinet's Bernal Boy; J. M. Halton s
Tic Tac vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's Master
Clalr; H. A. De^kelman's Glen Chloe vs. T. J.
Cronln's Wild Tralee; Maher & Reid's Bad Boy
vs. P. J. Heilly's Royal Union; Russell. Allen
& "Wilson'* I»aisy Clalr vs. Lnnde & Gerbor's
Rlen*; Coudrey & Rought's Royal Lady vs. R.
Roberts' Lady Hulda; welch & lleenan's Sac
ramento Boy vs. P. Cronln's Lear King; J.
Byrnes' Olympus vs. D. Winders Risky At
tempt; M. A. She^han's Teddy Hale vs. J. E.
CbaznblU's Hot Foot: G. Abercromble's Rock
Island King vs. Q. \V. Helntz's Coquette; R.
L Taylor's Beauty Spot vs. J. Moriarlty's Jlm
mie Anthony; B. Handy's Lady Hugo vs. Gus
Abercrombie's Miss Richmond; Maher & Reid's
Nellie Bawn vs. J. I. O'Brien's Wandering
Tom; J. H. W. Muller*s Cruicer vs. H. A.
Deckelman'e Snapshot; Connell Urns." Log Boy
vs. D K. Carter's High Jinks; Curtis & Son's
Flying Fox vs. J. Byrnes' Battleship: M. J.
Welch's Millwood vs. J. Dean's Gallant; J.
Carroll's Erin's Hope vs. J. P. Thrift's Forget ;
W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells vs. D. Winders
Lunuln Links; R. E. de B. Lopez's Minnie W a
Wa vs. J. J. Kenneys Hot Haste; M. B. Kav
cnaugh's Hard Lines vs. J. Hurley's Hurri
cane- R Roberts' Coronado vs. J. P. Thrifts
fit. Michael: P. Cronln's Master Gordon vs. R..
E de B. Lopez's Sara; J. Keenan's Mtra Monte
vs Gus Abercromble's Rock Island Boy; R. L.
Taylor's Bald Head vs. P. J. Rellly's Plough
boy; J. Dean's Slsquoe vs. Curtis & Son 8 Mc-
Klnley; E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha vs. Bartels
Bro«.' Beer Brewer: M. H. Sheehan'a Stam B
vs. D. Winder's Random Aim; Pasha Kennels
Gold Brick vs. Connell Bros.' Good-by; E.
Prendergasfs Target vs. W. C. Glasson s San
tonin; J. P. Thrift's Brutus vs. Erwln & Lyon s
Silver Winers: Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead
vs. J. R. Bmith'e Lady Sears; H. A. Deckel
man's Lawrence vs. H. W. Rik«'^ Nancy R:
J. R. Emith's Victor Queen vs. Curtis & Son s
Maud S- Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured vs. Cur
tis & Sen's Anchor; J. O-Dowd's Phcotover vs.
O. Shatman's Wait a Little: AeneM Kennels
Aftamemnon vs. C. L. Appleby s Claire B:F.
A. McComb's One Spot vs. J. Smith s Master
Workman: J. L. Ross' J L R vs. M. Dunloa s
Erin; J. L. Ro?s' Just Tipped vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb's Storm Klr.g: G. Sharman s Walt a Bit
vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's Crawford Rex; J.
I>ean's Grenada vs. C. W. Bonnet's \\ lid Nora;
J Dickson's Lady Bess vs. 6terl & Knowles
Fleety Mist; Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold vs.
Erwln & Lyon's Silver Lyon; Sterl & Knowles
Ollta vs. Curtis Son's Candelaria,
Colonel Cavender said that one of the
paraders fired a revolver, which was the
first shot he heard. Then, he said, the
crowd of paraders west of Sixth ran on
up Washington avenue and down Sixth.
The other portion of the parade, which
was still east of "Washington avenue, ad
vanced rapidly to the line of Sixth street,
and from which point opened fire with re
volvers, to which the posse replied.
Adjutant George H. Webster of the
posse paid one of the paradera pointed a
pun at him. but It failed to work. He
tried to pull the trigger a second timo.
when the witness heard the report of a
shotgun and saw the man fall.
The testimony brought out at the after
noon session differed very little from that
of the morning hearing, the witnesses
called on behalf of the strikers geperally
maintaining that the shooting was started
by the deputies without provocation, while
the deputies who were examined main
tained that no shots were flred by mem
bers of the posse until missiles had been
thrown and a shot fired by the men in the
street.
L. F. Morelock, a carriage maker, who
saw the affray, testified that the shooting
of the man RIne was without provocation.
Rlne, herald, was running away from the
rioters but stopped to look back and was
shot down by the deputies Just as ho
stopped.
Late in the afternoon the Inquest was
adjourned until to-morrow morning 1 . The
Coroner announced that he would hold
Deputy Sheriff Gardner McKnlght on the
testimony already In.
Colonel J. H. Cavender. who said he was
in command of. the posse comitatus. made
the positive statement that no member of
the bosse fired a shot before the paraders
flred. He said that a brick was hurled
through the window of a passing car. Two
deputies seized one of the strikers, who.
the witness said he was informed, was the
man who threw the brick.
a deputy with a shotgun dancing about
him in a stooping position, as if waiting
for a chance to shoot. The shots were
fired so fast that they sounded like the
falling of a row of bricks.
"I did not see any of the paraders draw
revolvers. When placed under arrest
Thomas did not draw a revolver, so far
LONDON, June 13.-At Ascot to-day the
Royal Hunt cup, a piece of plate valued
at 500 sovereigns, with 1500 sovereigns in
specie, was won by J. A. Drake's Royal
Flush, ridden by J. Relff. A. F. Bassett's
Good Luck was second and E. A. Wigan's
The Reeve, with Rigby up, was third.
Beiff Wins Rich Race.
JEFFRIES AS AN ACTOR.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 14, 1900.
4
BOXER JEFFRIES IN HIS NEW ROLE— ACTOR.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROWARDENNAN
IN THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Now open and offering every charm to pleas-*
ere and health seekers. Boating, swimming,
fishing, tennis, croquat. billiards, bowling alley,
golf links, good driving and saddlo horses, su-
perior table. Campers' ticket from San Fran-
cisco, $3 00. Full Information at Traveler offlce.
2-1 Montgomery st., or B. DICKINSON. Lessee.
Ben Lomond. Cal.
i PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL.
Iron and Magnesia Springs. Thes* celebrated
springs adjoin Bartlett Springs. Fishing; hunt-
Ing; home cooking: good beds; S3 SO to %V> week:
cottages for housekeeping. MRS. H. HOPPIN.
Bartlett Springs. Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE— cVi 1^ 3 . J?°£
stage line. Good trout fishing; plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two ormore; grand redwood scenery. Address
J. LUTTRINGER, Seavlew. Sonoma Co.. or ap-
ply MR. KRU3E. 207 Front st.. for particulars.
. CARLSBAD SSBSSSs 1 :
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations first
class: $10 a week; lighted by gas.
W. R. McGOVERN. Kelseyville. Lake Co.
S«RrtTOG« SPRINGS
The coolest spot In Lake Co., Cal. Round
trip. $9 fO complete. Rates. 910 to 114 a
week. Tiburon Ferry, 7:30 a. m. to Uklah.
City office. 416 Pine st. Booklet. Tennis,
croquet, billiard*, hot mineral baths, fish-
ing, hunting, dancing, rifling, walking. J.
MARTENS, prop.. Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.
LAUREL DELL LAKE,
The most attractive place In Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl-
ing, tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Write for
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell, Lake County, Cal.
California and Larkin Sts.. San Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family HoteL
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietress.
THE WELLESLEY,
FI HflNTF HftTFT LOS oatos. cai.-
EL UlUiME IIU1CL, Beautiful grounds.
magnificent view and first-class accommoda-
tions. Large sunny, rooms. Special rate3 tu
families. Free bus meets every train; £> miles
from San Francisco. Fare |1 83.
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL r^lr^X^
Unequaled soda and magnesia waters Good
for. all stomach, kidney and liver troubles
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. HOWELL. Honlan.i
Mendocino County. Cal. v '
Vi°: TOCALOMA, *& ra
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations; reasonable rates; for families and par-
ties; fishing, bathing, beautiful drives to B«ar
Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or Pahl's
shoe store, 324 Kearny st.. 8. F.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate.
fine flshinjr. excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak. no pests. An Ideal snot
for families. See "The Traveler" for partlc-
ularB. Open June L Address MRS H. M
CLEMONS, Independence Lake. Cal.
OAK
SHADE
RANCH
YOSFMITF Vi* hour9 tTOm San
I VOLITH 1 1_ Francisco, via the Bi«r
Oak Flat route Stages leave Chinese Station
on line Sierra R. R. daily. Round trio from
San Francisco $32. For further information rail
or address WM. J. WHITE. General Agent
630 Market St.. 8. F.; telephone Main 5IS2. '
Near Santa Rosa: among the
Rlncon Hills; home comforts and
the best of country life. For
circulars address HARRY L.
JONES. Santa Rosa.
ST- HELENA SANITARIUM- JgiSS^'S
Napa Valley. The institution has all the ad-
vantages 6f a health, resort as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
M.AMATH HOT SPR/HGS.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county In
California. Trout fishing— finest In the State-
Shovel Creek, 15 miles for casting. Hunting—
- plenty of ' game in surrounding mountains —
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BROS.,
Proprietors, Beewlck. Siskiyou County, Cal.
the geysers; 8s~
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming, fishing,
hunting and livery. Write for pamphlet I.
WERTHEIMER. Manager.
MARKU/EST
I I WV SPRINGS
OPENS MAT L Round trip, $3 73. Send for
circulars. FREESE & JUERGENSEN.
Proprietors. City office, 918 Larkin street.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS X&Si&fc
Springs; new management; a place of comfort
all seasons; 46 miles from San Francisco, via
Ttburon Ferry. Railroad station on hotel
grounds; extensive swimming tank; $10 60 and
up p«r week: round-trip $110 on Sunday.
COOPER & STEWART, Agua Callente, Cal.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN!
Established in 1881.
Advice and Consultation Free.
WEAKNESS
And Contracted
DISORDERS
Permanently Cured. Pay When Well.
731 Market St., S.F.
Elevator Entrance. HOURS— Dally. 3
to 5; Evenings, 7 to 8. Sundays, 9 to 11.
- Home Cnrei. Sealed Private Book, Free. '.
_ **^**- —»-
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and 1st fte.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. S. F.
The Place for Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
IN THE FOOTHILL9 OF THE STERRA NE-
vada. near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain.
quiet retreat: finest scenery, water, mountain
air, fruit and all-the-year-round climate in Cal-
ifornia: Ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad, 136 mllea from San Francisco: $S a
week: open all year: send for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS, Chicago Park Cal.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
I AflfvfiW Gold dredRlns pumps, the only
JAvtVoUil successful pump manufactured.
625 Sixth St.. San Francisco.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
tion dally. 9 Stevenson at.. S. F.
1/DAPtJ Were successful at Nome last
IVtlUUil J'tor. All others failed. In opera.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
>r. C. C. O'DonneU's Mineral Springs
At Glen Kllen Is the best camping, picnic and
pleasure resort on the Coast. The frreatest
remedy for lung ..disease, liver and stomach
complaints, rheumatism and catarrh In the
•world: *S miles from S. F. The S. P. R. H.
and S. F. nnd N. P. R. R. Blve special rate* to
campers. Thirty cottages and tent3 furnished;
rent cheap. No fogs nor%polson oak at the
park. Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. offlce 102m
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health this Is the place to go.
Three miles from Uklah. 31an<5oclno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths: only
place in the world of this class of waters
having continuous Raw of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal spring;
accommodations and table first class. Opens
April 15th.
J. A. REBEMETER A CO.. Proprietors.
VICHY SPRINGS.
D* ,«*.».«« The Sanitarium of
UyrOll the Coast The best
¦j physicians rccom-
ilOl mf nd it as the only
. cureforrheumatlsm
SfiriflflS- and malaria.
Opi llll|^9 A . BETTENS.
Mrt. Byron Hot SprinRS, Cal.
City Offlce. Room 30. S6 Geary street.
)v!ai? OR- JORDAN'S great(I
taiisEuia of aRATQim
) Qt 1051 KA2XIT ST. tot.6th.7th, tF.Cd.il
1 fcy^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe
I _^iTl World. H eatner.«s or any contracted 1
SgnM disease p*-*«t (••-! jr cured by the oldest "
p fEStSB Specialist en tbc Coast. Est 36 years. 1'
r SflFs DK-JOaOAti-PRlVATE DISEASES 6
K p tf^fefeR Co.-Kultstlon frM nnd strictly privire. V
S y Si n > ' ltle Cure In e»ery case undertaken. T
¦ P // tl«» Write for Book, FHILOJiUI'BVrf i
fl It \yt iEARBIitGK, MAILED FRliH. !A(
\ n jit valuable book for mm) \
' OR. HIKBAS A CO., lOSt Mnrkrt .St., S. F. f
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3*4 Hours' Ride From Los Angeles.. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE "WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Cluh."
Seventh Sfnpi n of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Oolf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pom-
phlets. apply tO GEQRGE w> TH0Mpso?I#
<S21 Market St.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring St., Los Angeles. CaL
The waters are noted, for their thousands of
cares of Rheumatism. Gout, Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning, Liver and Kidney Diseases. NeuraN
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
ing. No foga. Unequajed for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. $13 to $14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets, S. F\ , 9 a.
tn. and 2:45 p. m. dally. Caxri&ares at Oilroy
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
R» ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
FAMOUS
«SWAnfTQ HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
OlYi-l.VUJ'O County; . only 4^» hours
from San Francisco and bat nin» miles of
staffing; waters noted for medicinal virtues:
best natural bath in State; grand mountain,
scenery: good trout streams at door: telephone,
telegraph: daily mall and express: FTR3T-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stages- round trip from
Ban Francisco only |3 50. Take Tlburon ferry
at 7:20 a. m. or 1:30 p. m. Terms. $3 a day or
$13 a week. References— Any guest of the past
five years; patronage constantly Increasing.
,J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
OCEANEXCURSIONS
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.. San Francisco
to Victoria. Vancouver. Seattle. Tacoma and
other ports of call and return, 11 days* trip.
San Francisco to Seattle and the Inland Pas-
sage to Skasuay, over the White Pass Railway,
down the Yukon to Nome, returning by ocean.
30 to 35 days' trip.
San Francisco to Seattle, thence per steamer
Senator. July 21. via Juneau. Skapuajr. Glacier
Bay and tho Inland Passage. In sight of Mt-
St. Ellas, via Unlmak Pass and Seal Islands
to Nome,' thence to East Capo and Siberian
coast, crossing the Arctic Circle and passing
into the Arctic Ocean and return, about 40
days' trip.
Full particulars in pamphlet, entitled Alaska
Excursions. Ticket offlce. 4 New Montgomery.
£*<M8tivel7 cored by tlieaa
JLittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
tndicestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remtdy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongm
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small pm, 8maU Dose*
Smajl Pglee*
BETTER
EYE-GLASSES
Than ever and at no increase In price.
Improved clip — don't slip — for 50 cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory
on premises. Quick repairing. Phone,
Main JO. . •
OPTICIANS PHOTOG*^ c|ENT A |f £ Ui .
642 Market 5t. instruments
UNDER CMROWCII BUILDIN&. CATALOGUE FREE.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS, *•*•&£&..
Monterey County, CaL— For health, rest,
climate that cannot be e^aletl; up-to-datd
accommodations; beantlfnl scenery: profusion,
of flowers: hot soda. | sulphur and electrto
baths: swimming tank 30x80 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing; chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
dance hall: large hotel and SO cottag-es, afford-
ing special accommodations for families; all
Illuminated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
send streets, San Francisco, 9 a, m. : First and
Broadway, Oakland, 9:19 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad, then by stage over beautiful level road 7
miles to springs. Round-trip tickets. $8. at S.
P. offlce. 613 Market street. Telephone and,'
poatofflce. For illustrated pamptolets and fur-
ther Information address E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
at •"Traveler" office, 20 Monlxomery st.. Ban
Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL, MgT., San Joba CaL
San Jose la the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is its moat attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached . over jxrfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
In every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For furth-r information call
Only Strangers
Need be told of the merits of the famous
Hot Mud. Sand and Mineral "Water
Baths, and the great Swimming Baths,
with men and women attendants, at
Paso Robles Hot Springs
For further Information apply to
FRANK W. ELY. City Agent,
Tel. Red 233G. ' 640 Market St.. 8. F.
Otto E. Never, Proprietor. Pmo Boblas, Ctl.
Every modern convenience at the hotel.
New homelike cottages. Rates for hotel,
baths and physician, $10 to $21 a week.
Ask or write for Illustrated booklet.
SPECIAL B0OND-TBIP BEBATE TICKETS.
Central California
Vendome
WALDRUHE
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. First-class table
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water*
Rates t7 up. Send for circular. C. II \v"
BRUN1N1, Santa Rosa, Cal.
Kidney trouble preys upon the mind, dis-
courages and lessens ambition; beauty, vigor
< ,. <^,, J — t - and cheerfulness soon
-'VX^Ei-J^^ disappear when the kid-
"Tnr^^"SC J i& neys are out of order
-dl! or diseased.
-ffii>.C^y~ Kidney trouble has
-" firC s *»^~]> o ecome - so prevalent
y'J^iZL^j/'' TJ t* 13 * ft ' s no * uncommon
/*/, VV^nNv /A fo r a child to be born
N \£&83$r§&* with weak kid-
U I? YSY&ft IF- ne y s - If th « chil( i urin-
IZi^g-**-*' 45 "* ates too often, if the
urir.e scalds the flesh or if, when the child
reaches an age when it should be able to
control the passage, it is yet afflicted with
bed-wetting, depend upon It. the cause of
the difficulty is kidney trouble, and the first
step should be towards the treatment of
these Important organs. This unpleasant
trouble is due to a diseased condition of the
kidneys and bladder and not to a habit as
most people suppose.
Women as well as men are made mis-
erable with kidney and bladder trouble,
and both need the same great remedy.
The mild and the immediate effect of
Swamp-Root is soon realized. It is sold
by druggists, in fifty- f^ / ff^'^ i
cent and or.c dollar tf !'7w«ii;vii : Ct«2S&
sizes. Youmayhaveap^p^pH-iSSSa
sample bottle by mail
free, also pamphlet tell- Bom* of swamp-Root,
ing all about it. including many of tho
thousands of testimonial letters received
from sufferers cured. In writing Dr. Kilmer
& Co.. Binghamton, N. Y., be sure and
mention this caper.
Women as Well as Men
Are Made Miserable by
Kidney Trouble.
3DB. KTLMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And...
Soda Springs.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located in the midst of grard and impresslv*
mountain scenery, with Mount Shasta
and the Cra?a for a
background.
FIXE HUNTING AND FISHING.
Unsurpassed cuisine and sendee and reason-
able rates.
RAILROAD FARE, round trip. Including
sleeper both ways. 014.
For rates, terms and other information ad-
dress: E. B. PIXLETY, Manager,
Care Pacific Improvement Company,
Crocker Building. San Francisco.
HICHUND SPRINGS
J. CRAIG and H. R. WARNER, Mkw.
Swimming Tanks. Bowling Alleys. Ciwjuet
and Tennis Grounds. Hot and Cold Mineral
Baths. Competent Masseurs. Fine Livery.
Hunting Horses and Dors. Experienced Guides.
OEO. W. WATSON, the famous Hunter and
Fisherman (so many years at Bartlett) will De
here to welcome his host of friends.
OVER 30 MINERAL. SPRINGS.
Rates— 110, 112 and »11 per weelc.
Resident Physician, Advice Free. OneHM"
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Electricity.
Hotel and Cottages, lathed and plastereo.
COOL. ROOMS. Plenty of Shade.
BEST PAID ORCHESTRA IN LAKE
COUNTY.
Dancing !n Ballroom every «J enl °« : .^*S^2
IT Watson. Danclntr Teacher. Tennis and GoK
Tournaments Weekly.
ONLY GOLF LINKS IN LAKE COUNTY.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS HOTEL. or
call on L D. CRAIG. 318 Montgomery street.
HUhland Sprints Mineral Waters on »a!e at
OAKLAND PIONEER roD * ?. A1 T?!vi2d :
Thirteenth and Webster streets. O" 1 *™'
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWINKLE, «3> ™«
street. San Francisco. -.___.i«-
For further Information call at Traveler
offlce. 20 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
MONTE VISTA 0PEN MAT lst ; to M of
\ 7 MJIA fruit: help yourself: illus-
trated circular. THOMAS E. MORGAN. Dutch
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES.
Will be opened, under new management. May
15. New hotel being built. Fishing, hunting,
boating and bathing. Address O.- WEISMAN
Laurel Dell IV p., Lake County, Cal.
K 3
MARKET ST. SJ.
2.VTU?£ S tan set first-class rigs from H. A.
ELDRED' Uklah. for all summer resorts, at
reasonablt rates. Eagle Stables. Tel. No. 161.
GLEN OAKS RANCH — Nice aurroundinss;
comfortaUe rooms: Rood table; convenient
locations Address y. QUIEN, Glea Ellen, C*U
THE Tallman House, Upper Lake. Home cook-
ing; reascnible rates. Headquarters for tour-
ists and commercial travelers.
KEYSER & WVTSON. Hopland. convey tour-
ists to Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carlsbad
bprings and j^akeport. The best of turnouts.
SANTA CRUZ Maintains— A quiet ranch, flva
miles from Santa Cruz; dellshtful summer
•home In redwoods; running water- abundance
U? lt A K° od , tab ' e ; terms *> 50 week. Address
W. CRAN6ELL. Santa Cruz. Cal.
UNDER NETrt" MANAGKMKNT
A. DOLLMANN. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Ele«trlc lights, bil-
liards, lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly first class.
For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. MARTINA.
¦trom Mr. Tarpey went to Mayor Phelan
to-night and asked some plain questions.
He desired particularly to know how
Phelan's friends regarded him, and there
fore queried: "How does the San Fran
cisco delegation stand so far as I axn con
cerned?"
Mayor Phelan responded: "I have not
delved Into the matter further than to
ascertain that . the San Francisco dele
gates favor White. Tarpey and myself.
How it stands as regards Magulre and
Ostrom I cannot say as I have not inter
ested myself.
some exciting sessions in the various Con.
gressional district conventions to-morrow.
In almost every district there are more
than two candidates and as each seeker
after the honor of representing his dis
trict in the national convention has his
own delegation behind him some interest-
Ing doings are assured.
First District.
J. S. Sweet. Mayor of Santa Rosa, ia
mentioned for delegate from the First
Congressional District. Ex-Senator Fos
ter of Tehama, J. Q. White of Mendo
cino and Lewis of Sierra are also men
tioned. At a late hour it was tacitly ad
mitted that Messrs. Sweet and White
would carry off the prizes.
Second District.
D. W. Carmlchael. the Sacramento bus
iness man and prominent Democrat, who
was selected to act as temporary secre
tary of the convention. Is a leading can
didate in the Second Congressional Dis
trict for the position of delegate to the
coming Democratic National Convention:
It is practically conceded that Mr. Car
michael will be chosen. That gentleman
is so Imbued with a trip to Kansas City
that he had made up his mind to go there
whether he was selected or not. Ex-Con
gressman A. Caminetti of Jackson, Ama
dor County, has been mentioned as a fit
member of the party to Journey to Kan
sas City and cast a vote ior Bryan. Mr.
Caminetti is too modest to make an open
fight for the hor.or. He Is willing to ac
cept It if it is handed to him. Attorney
E. W. S. Wood of Stockton is also men-
tloned as a candidate. At a late hour
it was definitely settled that the latter
would accompany Mr. Carmlchael to the
National Convention.
Third District- ;:'-'- : U-
Robert M. Fitzgerald of Oakland and
James A. Keys of Sulsun are almost cer
tain to be chosen delegates to the Na
tional Convention by the Third Corigres-
sional District delegates. D. H. Arnold,
chairman of the Colusa County delegation,
will make a bid for the honor, as will also
Mackey of Solano. .
Fourth District.
The only candidates in the Fourth Dis
trict Congressional Convention are Curtis
Hlllyer, a young and promising: lawyer
of San Francisco, and Charles Edelman,
at ono time a resident of Los Angele5, but
now a wheelhorsejn the San Francisco
Democracy. As these gentlemen will have
no opposition they will be elected by ac
clamation.
Fifth District
Jasper McDonald of San Francisco and
J. H. Henry of San Jose will in all prob-
aoility be the choice of the Fifth District
Congressional Convention. They are the
only candidate in the field and delegates
of the district favor their election.
Senator R. F. del Valle of Los Angeles
and John McGonlglo of Ventura will un
doubtedly be chosen delegates by the
Sixth Congressional District Convention.
Sixth District.
ICo opposition has been offered the gentle
men named ar.d none Is expected.
Seventh District.
There will be a very interesting strug
gle In the Seventh Congressional District
in electing delegates to the National Con
vention. There are half "a dozen candi
dates in the field and each candidate Is
confident, that he has the backing of his
delegation and bases his hope of victory
on this fact. The election of William Mc-
Fadden. chairman of the county com
mittee of Orange, is looked upon as a cer
tainty. Mr. McFadden, it is said, has been
in the. field for some months and has ad
vanced his interests so far that It Is al
most Impossible for him to lose. E. II.
Tucker of Fresno has many friends in the
district and has hopes that, their united
stand for him will result in his selection.
Among the other candidates are George
M. Cooley and T. J. Dofflemeyer of
San Bernardino. ' Dr. J. B. . Renshaw
of Daggett, San Bernardino County;
P. J. Tallant of Kings County, H. E. Mills
and Henry A. Jastro of Bakersfleld. The
latter's fight is being handled by Attorney
Louis Fulkerth. Jastro claims to have
the entire Kern County delegation behind
his fight. He is ambitious to represent
his district in. the National Convention.
Four years ago he was defeated by one
vote for the honor by Church of Fresno.
Alternates at Large.
Sydney Van Wyck, an attorney of San
Francisco; Hugo Hornlein, proprietor of
the Cafe Royal, and Dr. Charles A. Clin
ton of San Francisco are candidates for
the positions of alternates at large to the
convention which meets In Kansas City
on July 4.
INFORMATION FOR DELEGATES
GIVEN OUT BY. MANN
* _____
Where District Conventions Will
Meet— Believes Democrats Will •
Carry State.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, " . SACRA
MEN'TO, June 13.— The following advice
and -views expressed by Seth Mann, chair
man of the Democratic State Central
Committee, will be of interest to* dele
gates: "The Sacramento committee of
arrangements, which has had In hand the
preparations for the reception of the
Democratic State Convention, is entitled
to a great deal of credit for the thorough
and careful manner in which it" has per
formed its duties. The pavilion has b-»-n
prepared in such a manner as to enable
speakers to be heard throughout the hall;
the seating of the delegations . has been
very Intelligently arranged.. Places of
meeting for the Congressional conven
tions have also been get aside In various
parts of the big building. Members ! of
the First and Second Congressional dis
tricts will hold sway to the 'left of the
speaker's platform: the delegates of the
Third District will meet in the anteroom
which adjoins the entrance to the pavilion,
and the Fourth,; Fifth and, Seventh dis
tricts have been given separate places im-
mediately behind the platform, while the
Sixth will be directed to hold Its sessions
in the main hall after an adjournment of
the convention.
"The credential and resolution commit
tees may meet either in the pavilion,
where rooms have been reserved for
them, or at the Golden Eagle Hotel, as
the committees may respectively decide.
It ha3 been provided "and placards have
been posted announcing that delegates,
upon arrival in Sacramento, shall imme
diately ' present their credentials to the
secretary of the State Committee at its
headquarters in the parlor of the Golden
Eagle Hotel, and persons holding proxies
are requested to pursue the same course.
"The chairman of each delegation will
be furnished with badges for his delega
tion by the secretary of the State Com
mittee. These badges will entitle the
wearers to admission to the delegates'
portion of the pavilion. The respective
delegations, If they have not done so,
should convene at once and select a chair
man.
"The convention will assemble at 10 a.
m. on Thursday, June 14, at the Agricul
tural Pavilion, corner of Fifteenth and M
streets. It will be my pleasant duty to
call the convention to order and the con
vention, no doubt, will proceed with Its
temporary organization, which will con
sist of the selection of a temporary chair
man and secretary and the appointment
of a committee on credentials.
To Instruct for Bryan.
"It is expected that there will be a
fairly large attendance at the conven
tion. Reports received thus far lead me
to believe that there will 500 or 600 dele
gates present. . There seems to be no
doubt that the convention, will Instruct
Us delegates to vote ' ' for William J.
Bryan as the candidate of the Demo
cratic party for the Presidency of the
United States, thus aligning itself with
the column of States thus far heard from
who have Quite generally adopted this
resolution "of Instruction. The delegates
are all enthusiastic and confident. There
is a strong sentiment generally present
favoring a' thorough system of organiza
tion in all of the precincts of the State,
and I believe that with , an « enthusiastic '
movement in the party toward an organ
ization along, these lines that the State
may be carried for the Democratic party
at the coming election.
TARPEY ASKS PHELAN
v SOME PLAIN 1 QUESTIONS
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, June 13.— M. F. Tarpey. appreci
ates the fact that D. A. Ostrora's success
cannot be * accomplished except by the
turning down of one of the slated four.
The slate candidates ; - for delegates-at
large are: ¦.';-.;
'. Stephen 1 "M. White, James G. '- Maguire,
James D. Phelan ; and M. « F. Tarpey.
• | In orderv to i assure himself ; that he was
riot ¦ to ' be ¦ excluded i to make room • for Os-
(Continued From Pag« Three.)
DEMOCRATS PLAN TO INDORSE HEARST FOR VICE PRESIDENT.
have lost no time In organizing them
selves into a bureau. By common con
sent ex-Governor Budd has been chosen
chief of the bureau and literary censor.
When the bureau was organized a seri
cus diSiculty presented Itself. As the
people of the State know, his Honor the
Mayor has the Interesting faculty of
saying nothing and saying it well. Ex-
Judge Maguire has on more than one oc
casion distinguished himself by saying
something at the wrong time. How to
reconcile these peculiarities and to bring
from them something said at the right
time was the problem presented to Cen
sor Budd. He was therefore unmovable
In the jtesition he adopted.
With delicate courtesy he admitted the
literary 4b lllt y of ex- Judge Magulre.; The
people of California may have forgotten
the fact that Magulre has won his spurs
in the field of literature, but the experi
ence will never be forgotten by Magulre.
And the circle of protection has been
drawn alro around his Honor the Mayor.
The people of. San Francisco are still
tingling over the Mayor's recent literary
triumph. He has dipped into the pool of
literary competition and the Phelan flag
flaps to the people of San Francisco the
serious fact of his victory. He is spurred
to further emulation and to-night the
censor has labored In earnest consulta
tion with him. It Is understood that he
has givefc his promise that under no con
sideration will he accept a prize from the
Yellow Kid and if he does not the citizens
of the metropolis may be reasonably sure
that no new official atrocity will be per
petrated. 'V " w
- Mayor Phelan needs no prize for his
labors for the Yellow Kid. His Honor ha3
shared the sorrows and the sadness ot
his saffron master. He has felt with the
little Incorrigible the stings of defeat and
It is no more than common justice thai
without price or compensation he should
help, with his pen, to punish the common
enemies whom he and the Kid enjoy. So
his Honor will write for glory and tell the
friends of the Kid what the Democratic
convention was not.
And his Honor feels already the se
riousness of his responsibility. He stood
to-night in the lobby of the Golden Eagle
Hotel burled In profound thought. He
seemed not to hear the personal things
which the southern delegates were saving
of him. He seemed unconscious to tne
murmur of antagonism that needs only an
organizer to make his Honor write a
most peculiar story of the convention. He
was burled In the thought heap which he
will deliver to the Yellow Kid.
And while the Kid is waiting for the
glittering thoughts of his commissioners
extraordinary another difficulty has pre
sented Itself. His Honor the Mayor
wants to talk to the convention. So does
ex-Governor Budd. and Magulre would
rather be politically dead than dumb. All
want to talk and all are firmly convinced
that it would be political suicide to permit
any members of the bureau to report
what the others have said.
The difficulty Is a serious one and It
has been suggested that a Scotch verdict
would be better than none and that Gavin
McXab, friend and councilor of the bu
reau, should be deputised to report every
thing which has a personal meaning to
the Kid's commissioners.
Whatever the decision may be the fact
remains the .commissioners of the Tellow
Kid constitute to-night the center of at
traction. They have overshadowed the
Issues of the convention, have absorbed
the Interest of the delegates and have in
tneir hands the power to pose in plati
tudes before their envious friends.
SCHEME TO DEPRIVE
SYLVA OF HIS SEAT
Fight "Will Be Made On His Indict
ment for Perjury by the Grand
Jury.
, CALL. -HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. June- 13.— There Is a scheme un
der way. to deprive Adolph Sylva of Sau-
«=a.::o or his ri^ht to participate in the
convention which convenes to-morrow. A
number of "holier than thou" Democrat.-*
of San Francisco have raised their hands
in horror at the idea of allowing Sylva to
seat him?elf arnor.g representative Demo
crats. They point to the fact that Mr.
Sylva was Indicted far perjury by the
Grand Jury of the city ar.d county of San
Francisco and ia therefore "unclean."
The scheme, as it developed late to
night, is to have the chairman appoint
a member of the Marin County delegation
on the committee on credentials and ths
member so appointed will be called upon
by the good Democrats of San Francisco
to throw Sylva down. The plan may suc
ceed. a3 there are a number of prominent
politicians in the scheme.
Sylva has not as yet appeared on the
scene, but it is mere than probable that
when he learns of the attempt to do him
Injury he will search out the perpetrators
and wreak summary venjreance. Sylva
was elected to represent hi3 town at the
local convention and will therefore insist
that he has a legal right to participate in
the business of that august bcly.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
AKKIVED.
Wednesday. June 13.
Btrr.T John S KIrr.ba!!. Thw!n*. 4^ days frota
Everett. In tour of tu& Sea I. Ion.
Strnr Crescent City, j-tockfleth, from Crescent
S \ILF*Ti
Wednesday. June 13.
Stmr Maripo*a. Hcudlette. Hcnclulv and Syd
ney.
DO3JKSTIC POP.T.
SOfTH BEND— Sailed June 13— Star RlvaL
for San Franc: 3co.
YELLOW KID'S
COMMISSIONERS
EXTRAORDINARY
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. June 13.— This city is again the
scene of convention excitement. The
Democrats of the State are here and the
streets and hotel corridors are noisy with
their chatter ajid political gossip." Empty
as is the honor for which the factions
are striving, the contest is nftne the less
Interesting, and here and there groups of
gesticulating, enthusiastic partisans are
gathered, to indulge that prerogative of
Democracy— the privilege of denouncing
itself to its friends. ] While candidates are
assembling their supporters and laboring
for the victory that will send them to the
national convention, while representatives
of the sectionalism which inevitably pre
sents itself at every Democratic conven
tion are clamoring for- recognition, some
thing definite is emerging from the chaos
of preparation and three figures are as
suming prominence which probably will
give Individuality to the - entire conven
tion. These figures are not unknown to
.political fame. in California. One is his
Honor James D. Phelan. the Mayor of
San Francisco. ¦ The second is James H.
Budd,- ex-Governor, of California, and the
third is James G. Magulre, ex-Congress
man, ex-Jurist and literary dilettante. Al
ready they have been dubbed "the three
Jimmies, the commissioners extraordinary
from the Yellow Kid of San Francisco
journalism to the convention." They are
here to tell what they think and possibly
what they see- of the Democratic State
Convention. All of them have occupied
positions of prominence in the Democracy
of the State, but never before have they
constituted a literary bureau as unique as
it is unparalleled... \
To-night they are the center of political
attraction. All eyes are turned upon, them
and • all thoughts are focused upon them.
The destiny of the convention is at the
point of . their . pens and. weighted as they
are with their serious responsibility, they
» , Wn A jiamflgMMHiaafflBtegiSariE.' * . i.«:- v r-~^^Tw..
STATE EXECUTIVE'S FINDINGS.
SAN" FRANCISCO, June 13, 19OO.
His Excellency John Hay, Secretary of State, Washington, D. C. 2
SlH: In reply to your tcU-irrnm of date. 3Iay 31, I have the honor to reports *j
- FIRST That no cane In San Francisco or California has been dlnpnoseil an bubonic plague g
by any attending physician while the victim was alive, nor by the attending: physician after death, q
In some of the suspected cases death has occurred when no regular physician wos In attendance, f
There have been in nil only eleven suspected cases among: a population of 33,000 Chinese (15,000 of 'A
nhom are qunrniitinod). and no cases amoiiK wliitcn and other races. The examinations made after »,
death of the bodies of the suspected cases since the alleged discovery of the disease more than three C
months oro fail to furnish satisfactory proof of plague. " ""1
SECOND That the quarantined district contains upward of 15,000 Chinese subjects, •• 33 OO of §
whom are anable to nupport themselves I»> virtue of the quarantine. £
THIRD— That full and fair investigation has been denied the physicians of the Chinese by the 4
city Doard of Health. V
FOURTH — That the Chinese were forced to appeal to the courts, and then -were accorded the "£
right of Investigation into the canne of death of the dead sunpects. .*,
FIFTH— That since the procurement of the order of'court, granting privilege to the white puy- C
siclans of the quarantined Chinese to visit the sick and be present and take part in autopsies had, 4/
neither the cit>- Board of Health nor Federal oillcers have been able to discover any bubonic plague *£
case, dead or alive. / jjj
MXTH — That there has been no epidemic in Chinatown. *r
SEVENTH — That the municipal records show the proportion of deaths in Chinatown has been 0
no greater than that of any other portion of San Francisco since the date of the discovery of the ol- g
lrged plague In Chinatown. ' "\ '.!; 4
EIGHTH — That I cannot find proof the plague alleged to be here is either Infectious or con- q
tagious. I lind no proof that any person has contracted It from another) and I further llnd that *r
certain individuals who have been repeatedly exposed at autopsies and elsewhere to the alleged (f
plague, and others who have moved about in the houses and rooms where the inspects expired, liav- 2
ing done so without taking any precaution whatever against the supposed maludy, have neither .»
contracted the same nor spread the disease elsewhere. C
XIXTH — That no two persons of the same family have contracted the disease, and that no two *•
cases have occurred within the same house or building, no matter how great the exposure may have V
been. 0
TENTH — That the medical gentlemen and experts of the city Board of Health and the Federal 4
quarantine officers who have ventured the Injurious opinions which have spread broadcast over C
the world the rumor of the existence of the dreadful plague in the great and healthful city of San S
Francisco have never seen a living case of plague; whereas, some among the physicians, surgeons •£
and scientists with whom I have advised have had personal experience and wide opportunities in <J
observing- the bubonic plague when it was raging in India and elsewhere, and they all pronounce the *£
suspected cases here not bubonic plague. A
ELEVENTH — From the best light I have been able to procure, nnd from a most careful con- g
¦ideratlon of the whole subject, I am'plcaied to Inform your Excellency that I firmly believe no case \
of bubonic plague has at any time existed within the borders of our State. ~
TWELFTH — That if the cases referred to were genuine plague, even then the Quarantine, a* 3
conducted by the city Doard of Health, in conjunction with the Federal quarantine officer, is dls- 4
criminating- against the Chinese nnd also unreasonable according to information derived from the C
highest authority here obtainable. !t
THIRTEENTH — It Is nndetermlned by the court whether the injunction referred to has been *J
violated. c
FOl'RTEEXTU — Since the report to your Excellency Involves, among other things, the question. 4
whether there is plague in Chinatown, and also vitally touches the commercial and other interests C
of San Francisco, as well as deeply concerns the welfare of the entire State, I have deemed It my A
duty to call into consultation distinguished physicians, surgeons and bacteriologists, able llnanciers jt
and business men and others, as well as my eminent predecessor in office, the Hon. James H. Budd, £
some of whose names are, therefore, in concurrence hereto attached. 4
HE.VRY T. GAGE. <•
— i
We concur In the foregoing conclusion that bubonic plagne does not exist and has not existed 4
within the State of California. C.
PHYSICIANS OF THE REGULAR PHYSICIANS OF THE H0ME0- ROBERT J. TOBI.V, Hibernla Sav-3
SCHOOL. . l'ATH'.C SCHOOL. . ings and Loan Society. 4
L. C. LANE, President Cooper Sled- Edwin S. BREY'FOGLE, 31. D. ADAM GRANT, of Murphy, Grantg
leal College. — & Co. 4
C. N. ELLINWOOD, 31. D., Proles- BANKERS, MERCHANTS, ETC. LEWIS GERSTLE, President Alas-*
¦ or Cooper 3Iedical College. LEVI STRAISS, President of Levi kn Commercial Company.
WINSLOW ANDERSON*. 31. D., 31. Strauss &. Co. ISAIAS "\V. HELLMAN, President!
It. C. P., Lond.; 31. R. C. S., .Eng.; JAMES II. BUDD, Former Governor Nevada National Bank. g
President College of Physicians of California. HENRY K. FORT3IAXX. President^
and Surgeons of San Fran- "WILLIAM ALVORD, President of Alaska Packers' Association. €
Cisco. Bank of California. A. B. SPRECKELS. £
THE bubonic plague fake received a
knockout L!otr lost night when Gov
ernor Gage. In reply to the official
note of inquiry received from Secre
tary of State Hay on May 31, telegraphed
to Washington that he has made a thor
ough Investigation of all reports concem
ir.e plague cases in this city and has ar
rived a.t the conclusion that the bubonic
plague does not now exist ar.d never has
existed in this city. The Governor's re
port Is indorsed by four physicians of un
questioned standing in the "medical world
and by nine leading business men. all of
whom assisted him in his exhaustive In
vestigations, acting, at his request, as a
sort of ad\-isory cotamlttee.
When Governor Ga^e received Secre
tary Hay's rote of inquiry he came at
ence to this city to inform himself thor
oughly on the situation. He found that
the State Board of Health had accepted
the reports of the local board as true and
¦was about to officially notify the world
that they pave full credence to the re
j>orts. ignoring the State's executive in
Thr- matter altogether.
The Governor put a step to the whole
bncSaeMi and toM the members of the
board very plainly that unless they could
show him from their own official investi
gations that the plague did exist here he
•wcuM not countenance the expenditure of
State funds.
The Governor then called to his aid the
men who have signed his official report
and commenced a most thorough and
pair:stiik:::sr inv<?st!??at!cn, that has re
<;-:r'.G two weeks of hard work. His con
clusions are stt forth ia terms that can
:. : be mistaken and the effect of his re
port Trill be to convince the world that
Saa Francisco is free from the plague, as
it has always been.
The hearing of the injunction sued out
in the United States Circuit Court by"
svme of the quarantined Chinese against
the ?an FrJir.cisco Beard of Health to
lift the fake quarantine progressed far
enough ytsterday to convince all who lis
t«T,*-d to the proceedings that the court
•will hardly fail to grant the injunction.
Tr.:- board's attorney. J. J. Dunne, was
forced to admit in open court that dis
<_r:rr.:na.tion had been shown against Chi-
Dcae in the quarantine district, which is
one of the principal points upon which
the injunction suit is based. Attorney
James G. ilag"uire presented the case of
the Chinese in an ab-e argument that was
not concluded before the hour cf adjourn
ment arrived. A decision is confidently
expected to-day.
De Haven Sits With Morrow.
The -whole of yesterday was consumed
In the United States Circuit Court in the
presentation cf the Quarantine case and
the discussions cf the Issues involved.
United States District Judge de Haven
occupied the bench with Circuit Judge
Morrow for the purpose of consultation
tr.d decision.
There was a great array of attorneys,
J. C. Campbell. James G. Maguire. Sam-
TJ€l M. Shcrtrlcre. John E. Eennett. Rob- !
ert Ferrai and Thomas Keough appear
ing for the Chinese and Joseph Dunne for
the City Board of Health. There were al
po present as spectators Thomas D. Rior
can and Lyrnan I. llowry. attorneys
rened in treaty and constitutional law;
Chinese Consul Ho Yow and Wong Wai,
s-cretary of the Six Companies: two score
« '"-.riEtian missionaries, mostly women. ;
£".d Bbout one hundred Chinese. Among |
• e talent at the reporters' table was
S";r Poon Chew, editorial manager of the
C-i-ese daily piper. Chung Sai Yat Po.
The minutes cf the Board of Health
¦with reference to the refusal of the board
to admit to the quarantined district Dr.
Pil'.sbury and other physicians engaged by
the Chinese were brought into court. Mr.
Bes&ett requested the court to make an
order admitting the excluded physicians
to be present at autopsies. Judge Mor
row replied that whenever such a case of
refnsal should arise he would make such
£.n order.
Discrimination Is Denied.
Mr Du^ne then took Mp the return of
fie Board cf Health to the order to show
ca-«e Vmong his contentions were that
Officially Reports
to Secretary
Ha3' That the
Scourge Does
Not Exist in
the State of
California.
could have said that those casea had oc
curred within the limits of the city and
county of San Francisco or within the
limits of the State of California, and
would have had equal right to quaran
tine the whole city or the State. Some
thing more than the belief of the health
authorities, sometimes more specific as to
locality and other facts, should be set
forth before this tremendous power is
conferred.
Authorities Are Bead.
! Authorities were read to show that the
fact must be established that the quar
antined person had been infected with the
disease. or exposed to Infection. ,If the
board bad isolated the houses In which
the, deaths had Occurred and had placed
the residents of those houses under quar
antine it would have acted strictly within
its powers and the exercise of reasonable
discretion. On the contrary, the measures
adopted were unreasonable; no provision
was made to protect the health or lives
of the Asiatics in the district and they
were prevented from leaving the crowded
and unsanitary environment of that -part
of the city, so that if there should be a
plague it might sweep down hundreds and
thousands of the residents of the Chinese
quarter, j
No community had a right, argued the
counsel, to shut up thousands of people
In an unhealthy and Infected district.
The Chinese here were entitled to th»
equal protection of the laws and they
should not be compelled to remain in an
infected quarter to mingle with infected
persons. „
Here an adjournment was taken until
10 o'clock this morning.
Chinese May Make Trouble.
The Chinese are "resting on their arms.'
to use the expression of a Board of Health
employe who spent yesterday in the quar
antined district. They are awaiting. Im
patiently but quietly, the decision of the
United States Circuit Court before they
take any further action. If It goes against
them It is predicted by the men who are
in Chinatown every day that serious
trouble will follow. The Chinese are all
armed, and if they ever commence rioting
In earnest bloodshed will surely result.
They are only restrained now because
they have great confidence in the abllity
of their attorneys to break down the
quarantine lines. All depends on the out
come of the case now in court.
The quarantine is becoming daily more
lax and the stream of people who come
and go through the lines on permits from
the Board of Health has Increased until
It has become almost continuous. Even
the people who possess permits make
light of the whole situation.
"Do vou suppose." said an elderly man
yesterdav. as he slipped under the ropes.
"that I v/ould go into Chinatown every
day and remain there all day long. return-
Ing at night to ray family in Alameda, If
I thought for a minute that there was the
slightest danger? Why. there are plenty
Just like me who would not go there If
there was any plague."
The citizens' relief committee held a
meeting at the Board of Trade rooms yes
terday afternoon and decided to expend
$3000 "more if necessary to continue the
cleansing- of Chinatown and In providing
food for the Indigent Chinese who are
unable, because of the quarantine, to get
outside and make a living. The commit
tee is now paying out between $500 and
$600 per day and Is making provision to
continue the work for another ten or
twelve days, although a strong feeling
pervaded the committee room yesterday
that the decision of the Federal court
will relieve them from the burden very
speedily.
Cars "Will Run To-Day.
Employes of the Sacramento and Wash
ington street lines of the Market Street
Railway Company received notice from
the headquarters of the company last
night to be on hand and ready to operate
cars a? usual to-day. This Is taken as an
indication that word has been passed
along the line from some official source
that the quarantine wlli be lifted to-day,
sufficiently, at least, to enable the trans
portation lines running: through the
fenced-ln district to resume operations.
' The Sacramento and Jackson street
lines have been shut <5own ever since the
quarantine has been on. and there has
been a lot of suffering among employes of
the company in consequence. Mo notice
has yet been given as to when traffic will
be resumed, but the order given to the
men last night seems to be an indication
that cars will be moving to-day.
Lawyer for the
Health Board
Admits in Court
the Charge of
Discrimination
Against the Chi-
"NO PLAGUE," SAYS GOVERNOR GAGE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUXE 14, 1900.
MEN WHO HOPE TO
GO TO KANSAS CITY
expects to be heartily supported by ail
the northern delegations.
CALL, HE,tf>QUAP.TERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jur.e 13.— Everything points to
5
the court had no Jurisdiction; that the
matter was without equity, and that for
the evils and injuries wnlch the petition
er Jew Ho Is alleged to have suffered
there is adequate remedy In an action at
law. The counsel read from the city
charter to set up the powers of the City
Board of Health and argued that the
board had not gone beyond those powers.
Discrimination against persons or races
was denied, and the past existence of the
bubonic plague in the Chinese quarter
was affirmed. He contended further that
the germs of that disease linger and live
for a long time after escaping from the
animal body, and that the present system
of quarantine was a necessity.
Mr. Maguire began his argument on be
half of the petitioner t>y denouncing the
action of the board as an attempt to ex
ercise the most extraordinary power ever
known under a free government. It sus
pended al! political rights, and where such
tremendous arbitrary power Is sought to
be exercised a very complete showing of
that power ought to be made. He fur
ther contended that the Board of Health
Is not enforcing the ordinance of the
Board of Supervisors throughout all the
area of the quarantined district as de
fined in the ordinance. He averred that
The houses on the north side of California
street the west side of Kearny street,
the Eouthwest line of Montgomery ave
nue, between Kearny and Broadway and
some houses on the east line of Stockton
«=treet between California and Broadway.
had been by the board exempted from
quarantine solely because they were in
habited by white people. If that district
is quarantined It must be because it is
necessary to be quarantined to prevent
a great danger to the people of this city.
The board, he argued, was discriminating
against the Chinese exclusively, and there
was no reason, either In law or medicine,
why these houses occupied by white peo
ple should have been exempted from the
rigors of the quarantine.
Denies Existence of Epidemic.
The speaker next adverted to the fact
that the nine houses in which It was al
leged that persons died of the plague had
not been Isolated and quarantined. No
showing had been made, he argued, tha't
the bubonic plague was either contagious
or epidemic. The court could not* be ex
pected to look beyond the pleadings Into
books of medicine or history, and he as
serted that the authorities showed that
under certain conditions the bubonic
plague was simply sporadic and not epi
demic, and that that was the case In San
Francisco.
The long string of denials In the an
swer were next taken up by the speaker,
and when he asked why the board had
denied having restrained and imprisoned
the petitioner within the boundaries of
the quarantined district, Mr. Dunne re
plied that although he admitted the phy
sical fact of the detention of . the peti
tioner, such was not confinement or im-
prisonment or the deprivation of any
I right under the police powers of the
Mr. Maguire retorted by saying that
Mr. Dunnes philosophy was exceedingly
subtle, a legal fiction and an evasion of
the obligation to respect the rights of the
individual.
The fact that the Board of Health did
not quarantine within the district was a
virtual admission on the part of the board
that it was acting without reason. If
it believed that there was bubonic
plague within the district It committed
a great wrong upon the ten or twenty
thousand Chinese in the district by al- !
lowing, persons who had been in infected
buildings to mingle with the population.
Board's Powers Questioned.
Mr. Maguire contended that Instead of
legislating upon the plague question- the
Supervisors had delegated Its powers to
the Board of Health, and that such dele
gation of power was not legal or per
missible, and was therefore null and void.
The speaker argued that the ordinance of
the Supervisors adopted on June 2 had
not been legally adopted and was there
fore void.
The court had not been advised In the
answer as to the exact locality in which
the cases of alleged bubonic plague had
been found beyond the statement that
they had been encountered within the dis
trict- quarantined. With equal truth, pro
ceeded Mr. Magulre, the Board of Health
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
Established over a third of a century: has a
national reputation, and was one of the few
schools selected to represent the development
of commercial education at the Part* Exposi-
tion; over 1Z.00O irraduat-s successfully apply-
ing their knowledge: ;¦"> graduates annually
placed In positions; 25 teachers: open the entire
year: new W-page catalogue free.
Hitchcock School,
SAN PAFAEL, CAL..
FOR Y0Ui\G MEN ANO BOYS.
Separate Roctna. Gymnasium. Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS ACGtTST UTH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
MILLS COLLECE AND SEMINARY
GRANTS DIPIX)MAS AND CONFERS DE-
jrrees: seminary coarse accredited to the
Universities; rare opportunities c*r?red in nnsi?,
an ami »»If>cution. Write for catalog* to MRd.
C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills Coltese P. O.. Cat.
Thlrty-flfth year: fall term opens Ausr. S. VXk.
ST. MATTHEWS' MI K.
SAN MATEO. CAL. For catalogue ar.d ;::¦_*-
tr_.t?d circular address
REV. W. A. DRE"STER. A. B.. Rector.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
SAN JOSE. CAIOFORXIA,
WILL RESUME STUDIES ON* TUESDAY.
August 7. 13C0.
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
lOQP MARKET ST.— Actual business bock-
1-mOD keeping: only expert accountant*
and reporters as teachers. Uregs shorthanrl.
the easiest., fastest, and most readable. Efey
and ere-asff.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
|f favorite %
iprescnptionjl
f|3 cures «lc
gffemate weakness^
fUr It makes 1§|
#^weahwomen[&v;
strong JS^v
sich women j\\v^
ADVmTI3E_-IEXTS.
I wBIlm Last neek of 1hB I
I ffmmm LHwm Overstock Sale of *
I f ililiiR Men ' s suits - \
SMl/lHffii $ \lffivfc§iv\ Until closing timo next Satur- •?
a I Kla-lvilw's ' MVvwCX w^Ja day night you can buy ono \g
_C il tim-Wlf fl<W m NVVv^?""*}^ of oun "atty, uu - to - cfato ¦*
£ \[\\WMn$B> \'W^mr//A S^.5O or $15.00 Single *}-_
* H\\\\ViSffili fl wW/W///l Breas ted Summon Sack *
*: mw?rmfc 1 S?y^w Suiis fon NINE ""f^y-fivr. .%
** vvYr IriNw w^fi^ TXyW_f Two weeb a S° we fonnd ?°° m3n 7 °* the3a •*
* Y# P I'M ( iff ill PisX5^l suits on hand, and to qaickly nore the iur- .<
$ izii 1 ! i'iiv 'If I l/B^tM p '" stock rat the P riC3 t0 $9*95' %
*" ilk f/v ill HI { IP) « liJltvwi There are 20 styles and colorings — 3-r*es, jr
* *Vk 'if' It' ¦ W'JWiiB' Cas-imeres and Cheviot. The patterns X
K x • !' il I i /in!//] J d and color effect3 are ia the preT32iajr fash- j{
_£ !> : I'f'i A I I f'li/l' \ -*«* ion, and the suits are 6tyli_hly cat and "<t
* [)( (-7 i ¦M I}] I 9 well made. ' ' .«
J- m ij Hi I ( ]1 At the regular prices, $12.50 and $15.00,
** } 11 j If'' I'// _^^w they were cheap enough. Ono of tha Big I 1 !
£ i }/ fj £. 1/ £3 Igk Score's bjs- dothin? bar- tfQ Q j- -*
i J- l{ n I U j ft I egj jggk gains at thi* week'3 fisrare... vw*ww
fc' '• IV I iVl I Secocd Aisle— RlgSt cf Entrance. Jg
£ 'j' ' iij 7 A ' Wf Boys' Long Pants Suits $4.95 ;5
j j»* iij H,'fjJ f — sizes for 13 to 19 years of age, regular «J
* In I j|' J J6 and $7.50 sai:3, nade of ali-wooi cia- *J
J» |j I j ft !l /*^^"^ terla's ia neat dark patteirs, new goods, "«c
V t 'I I! Ql _^"^s. f— stylishly cut and extra well made, coat the .V
** (( {jj / / i Jij y «*_-^ _^^S round comer sack style; the very spidil \
X Iflij I'M FrtJap and SiturJj?. &**mitO .%
*¦ j; ; Children's Sailor Suits $2.95 £
J ' 1 00 JMi — siz.s for ages 3 to 10 years, regular Jt
it ' e > f|;| =? -^ $3.95 suits, made cf dark all-wool blua -*
«£ / III! ll'm -^ r ~*^^' cheviot, handsomely trl__m9d ia contrast- \f
> frj£Ljj__f«--5s: (M 1 gL F g____J- r icg colors, full-cut b ciises. re-enforced Jf
& > <-§ffE^'"^'' %'\£^ =r ~ pants, • perfect fitting; s?!:ijl pr:;i for -J
X^&T m - i djvS-ThursJjj;, Friday C o Off I
ft V^ and Saturdjv &-C«£7«> $
V Second Aisle— Right at Eatrance. ,**
| f
jt; A Three Days' Saie jfr :5
|| Men's Sample Shoes. \ifi\ :5
! *£ Ja.3t 171 pairs ia this lot— men*3 sample frjia the j 'J£> I **
1 K manufactory of Buckingham & Hechs— calf, tan calf, box g^J/o \ %
J 1 calf, vici kid and kangaroo — lace and congress styles— all GS-Ci^v vi •*
4f etyles, toes and tips — sizas 7, 7J and S— shoe, that retail g^Nk^i^j 5
i J* v^^.;,^^;' 1 ' '^^NTnursday, Friday and /^&*-^\s^^/ **
% Kij<£*Q\p ; v \vj only iC h
| %^^'lv Balbriggsn Underwear 42c %
•r v^w\vl\ f ' i°^ er k a< * three ea«es of good balbriggaa underwear <2
ft \v^\i-Si§$x\i * or mea ' w^' c^ hj.wis very anxious to di_po3d of ft
*£ before the close of the seaion. The underwear ia ours ,J
it* \\X^^\ x^vvv Tk0Vf ' at a 8ac " 5ce P" C9 — yosrj ti-dj? only if yon »J»
% *\S \ x >^\ \?^N- w '" k aTa it— ecru, b;U5 or helictropa combinations — '^
* vl\ shirts and drawers -porgariwonf _fflO*%' '•
%t v v S\ * 1*
It \y Third Aisle— Right cf Entranc* ,<f
** S
i earners. BP?T - - Jt**? «* Man. -J
£ Special this OokSenRnle Bazaar. Newest biorb.. -S
X week 25O CAUFOR.NWS lARQEST-A.nERICA-5 GRANDEST STORE. &3.5Q %THURSDAY .•. ...JUNE 14. 1900
JOHN D. SPRE.CKELS,. Proprietor.
Address A!! Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE TeIel> Ji^i^J!53^L5£i
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. Market and Third. S. V.
Telephone I'res* 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.... 21T to 221 SteTemo» St.
Telephone I'r.«i. 2O2.
Delivered bj- Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Cojtlpn. .% Cents.
Terms b>- Mall. Including Postaffci
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday), one year M.OO
DAILY CALL, (including Funday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). > months 1-60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month »c
617NTDAY CALL One Year I- 50
WEEKLY CALL One Year - 1<w
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
R«f~ r i, copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers In orderfr.g chanre of address should be
particular to frtve bclh NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt ar.d corrt»ct compllaiice with their request.
OAKLAAD OFFICE 1X18 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGNESS,
Manager Foreign Advertisings, Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Lcce IJlstaace Telephone "Central 2613.")
KEW TOIIK OORRESPOXDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
ICITYir YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO KETVS 6TAICD6:
Ebennan Bouse; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fncncst Ucuse; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NTTW-S BTA2CDS:
TTaldorf-Actorla Hotel; A. Brent ano, U Union Square;
Vurrv Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hote
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BXtAJfCH OPFirES— £27 Montcomerr. corner of Clay, open
cntn 8:10 o'clock. S90 Hayes. oj>en until 9:30 o'clock. €33
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
S:30 o'clock. :s*l UUslon. open until 10 o'clock. :i*l Market,
comer SixteentJtt, open until S o'clock. 1C9€ Valencia, open
until • o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until » o'clock. NW cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until S o'clock.
at table the bride and groom slipped away
to don street garments in place of the
wedding finery, preparatory to stealing
away from the home.
The groom sought the buyer's room.
He wore full regimentals, the suit hav
ing been made for the occasion, and after
disrobing and donning citizen's attire he
concluded that his brilliant uniform would
be safer in the butler's room till he re
quired it again than elsewhere. In this
he was mistaken.
Callaghan after performing his trying
duties as butler, made more so by the
wine he had imbibed, went to his bed
room. His eyes felt upon the regimental
suit of the groom and his old military
spirit burned within him. Just for the
sake of old times he dressed himself in
the suit and was so pleased with the ef
fect that he decided to play the soldier
on'ce again and have a rollicking time.
He went downtown and made a night of
it In all the glory of gold and tinsel.
Early in the morning the butler took
a California-street car to return to the
Voorhies home. The conductor and grip
man were amazed at his appearance and
wondered that an officer should so far de
grade himself. Callaghan was in truth
very drunk. The epaulettes had been cut
from the shoulders of the coat and every
brass button had been snipped off. H»
got off the car in front of the house and
staggered In.
About 9 o'clock, as he did not appear
at breakfast, the bride's brother made
an Investigation and discovered him
asleep in bed. He had discarded the coat,
but that was all. He was roused from his
slumbers and made to take off the trou
sers. He raised such a row that Police
man Coughran was called In and Cal
laghan was placed under arrest for mali
cious mischief and disturbing the peace.
He was unable to obtain ball and re
mained in prison.
Callaghan denied that he had worn the
suit and hinted that some one out of
spite had thrown an old suit into hla bed
room and had jut up a job on him. • When
told that the gripman and conductor had
seen him he was not so positive, but de
clined to say where he had been. It Is
supposed that he had either given tho
buttons and epaulettes to some women in
the "tenderloin" or some young men
about town had taken advantage of his
drunken condition to spoil his uniform.
He had not entirely recovered from his
"jag" when seen in the City Prison yes
terday afternoon.
JOHN CALLAGHAN, who for the
past month has officiated with be
coming dignity as butler in the
home of Dr. A. H. Voorhles. 2111
California street, has fallen from grace.
Callaghan is an Englishman 27 years of
age, and before coming to this country
had served some years in the Eleventh
Hussars, a crack British cavalry regi
ment. His military training did not de
tract from his value as a butler until an
unkind fate placed In his waS r a tempta
tion that was irresistible.
On Tuesday night the Voorhles resi
dence was ablaze with light and sounds
of gayety Issued from windows and doors.
The occasion was the wedding of Leila,
the daughter of the house, to Lieutenant
Guy Scott of the artillery. It was a.grand
function and Callaghan, the English but
ler, was in his glory. : v ;:
While the wedding supper was being
served Butler Callaghan took occasion to
freely sample the champagne and other
liquors and as a result became somewhat
exhilarated. While the guests were still
Butler Callaghan Celebrates in the Bridegroom's Regimentals.
ENGLISH BUTLER OF VOORHIES
FAMILY FALLS FROM GRACE
OUR schools have been like a patient
sick unto death with chronic Indi
gestion, caused not by lack of food
but by a surfeit of good things ta
ken In Buch immoderate quantities!
For a long time we have been overfeeding.
We have had doctors and doctors and
nurses and nurses, and doctors have di
rected and good nurses have tried in vain
to follow the wise (?) instructions.
As far. back as In the early '90's we
learned that a certain regime prevailed in
Boston, and "if In Boston why not here?"
And bo from the little 4x5-inch manual
one could carry In the pocket and not
know It was there the instructions grew
and grew until the volume became an
armful. No doubt the volume Was a most
valuable book of reference. The trouble
was not with the nature of the matter
therein contained, but with its quantity —
like too much at a meal and the meals too
far between. With the course as now
outlined, permanently changed from a
yearly one to that of six months, much
good will come— the street Arabs will be
fewer, for the easily discouraged shirk
will not need to go back a whole yearto
catch up, and so will try once more. The
long waits practiced up to date have made
It a. case of sailing between Scylla and
Charybdis. It is so hard to decide
whether to let a child drag along and
gather what he may, and later retrace,
or to turn him back as soon as he has
given proof of final failure.
At the end of the first quarter the capa
ble teacher knows who will not make the
next grade at the close of the year, but
such is tho inconsistency of youth that a
child will pass month after month doing
bad work and will fancy that there's plen
ty of opportunity to make up for lost
time— believing it even possible to be
among the "honoraries," if only not so
bad as some of his classmates. His idea,
however, of fitness for what he wants to
be permitted to do differs materially from
that of his teachers. The long year to
the lazy boy Is a boon, If measured by the
amount of play he can get into it ; - it is
laughable, though, to see him getting
In his strokes on the home stretch. Some
times he makes it— more often he falls.
Then, to him. i "his teacher has cheated
and he won't go to that old -school no
more," and m forces his parents to put
him at work, making everybody glad that
at last he finds something -he -will .do.
There will be no more larks for such fool
ish youngsters. Every six months- , the
child must make a new section of grade.
In reality there will be less than flve
months' Btudy, and a bad showing almost
at the outset will seal his fate, and be
knows it and "gets in" and works— if he
can. The teacher no longer will have
twinges of conscience about patting back
six months. If she is sure that he cannot
advance at the term's end it will be a mat
ter of little moment whether he review
the weak points of the preceding grade,
or be held for another six months where
he Is. Neither parent nor child feels It
any disgrace to go back one term; but a
year! Fitted or not, most parents want
the children to go on.
Candidly, it is a shame to require a child
to fly wildly over the year's work without
touching ground at all, knowing all the
time that he -will be lifted back bodily
to the beginning twelve months hence.
What a shame that he should for so long
be allowed to delude himself and others —
that he should for a year think only false
alarms had been sounded, and bo forming
such shiftless habits, when life for him
and his should be so serious! Such boys
are some of the recruits for the ranks of
the street Arabs.
Promotions every six months have been
tried before, but just as everything
seemed to be In fine working: or
der a break would occur and the
system be abandoned. Raps between
high ¦ and grammar schools and again
between grammar and primary schools/
have caused the damage. There seemed
to be nothing continuous— ninth grade
classes are small and a Christmas gradua
tion will make them smaller and cause
a consolidation In grammar schools unless
fed by the primaries. Is not the selfish
ness of human nature apt to crop out at
thl3 point? Will th© primary schools de
plete their own numbers" and reduce their
rank to make good the losses higher up?
Or "will they fight the rules." and hold
on to all they have and all they may
have, even if they must overload their
classes, notwithstanding grades above are
ready and willing to relieve them? Da
our schools form parts of a whole, or are
they sections, each pursuing a course of
its own, sometimes harmful to its neigh
bor, even at the sacrifice of the child's in
terests?
Is It right to talk "fight" and throw ob
stacles in the way of a system truly eco
npmlcaj-from many points of view, and
for which It should have our good will
our enthuslnsm and our hearty co-opera
tion ? ¦
The new doctor has much to do. but as
the bad-tasting medicine is really good a
cure may be effected.
Peculiar June Weather.
The officials of the local weather bu
reau have been a little puzzled over ths
present weather conditions along the
coast. From Oregon to Lower California
and east as far as the Rocky Mountains
there are clouds, showers, and in some
places thunder storms of short duration,
which is decidedly out of the ordinary
for June. There does not seem to be a
good and sufficient reason for this, as
there is no evidence of a storm eithor
near or at a remote distance. No damage
has been done by the rain and there is
not much chance that there will be.
Clark. Edward Lewis Thomas. Michael J.
Henry. John Arthur Elston, George Ar
thur Cloush. Louis John Warren and
Louis Seldenberg. Seventeen failed to
pass the examination.
Three Dozen U"e"w . Attorne vs.
The Supreme Court Jiaa admitted the
f?i OW '"f aa attorneys and counselors at
law: Gilmore.AgneWi M..J. Kuhl Harrv
£™? at £ n «n, ranlt c? owey Charts. Ben
jamin F. Hiller. Edward R. Bellew Red
mond.E.Staats. Michael Deaay, c H
Osborh, John H. Coverley, H. E Wither
spoon, George V. Martin. Edward Stan
ton B<*Il- John E. Springer T* nn j. G ar
cet. Fred \\\ Loch, John James — PaTI
laghan. William Henry Chaniberlatn
Richard Lionel Clifton. John USeaweS'
Frank W. \Valdron. Thomas H Donovan
Stir i rn ey A^i ewl8 'A& nian L - GammiU? Ed-*
ward O. Allen. Albert Jacoby, John E
."Reynolds, David. E. Marchus William
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
o NEWYQRK, June 23—Philo Hersey of
San Jose is at the, Holland; W. Ward of
San Francisco is at the Holland; G. A.
Bobrick of Los Angeles is at the Endicott
CALIFOBNTANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. June 13.-Mr. and Mrs
James H. Borland and "Ward F Barren
of San Francisco are at the Arlington.
MORNING COSTUME.
The costume represented In the Illustra
tion Is of myrtle colored "covert coat "
The bolero bodice has a square openlns
"iS I s #^f in ? e , d with a stitched banrt
which falls below i:. The skirt is also
hemmed with stitched bands.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Major Thomas McCaffery la - at the
Grand. .
Dr. II. S. Simpson Is stopping at the Oc
cidental.
Dr. C. L. Megowan of Sacramento Is at
the Grand.
Sheriff G. W. Strahl of Napa Is a guest
at the Lick.
M. B. Fasaett, a fruit grower of Pasa
dena is at, the Grand.-
T. J. Kirk, State Superintendent of
"Public Instruction, ; Is at the Palace.
Dr. C. .W. Nutting: and son arrived from
Etna Springs yesterday and are stopping
at the: Occidental.
J. . A. Fillmore, .general superintendent
of the Southern;,- Pacific • Railroad, : re
turned yesterday from an. inspection trip
to El Paso.
John A. Hicks, a capitalist of San Jose,
is stopping at the Palace, en route to Sac
ramento . as a delegate , at large to the
Democratic State Convention. : ¦' )
- UpUo date this has been the dullest Presidential
election year on record, but there : is plenty of time
for a political whirlwind to blow up before November.
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ "• ¦ - -
British, American, Austrian, Italian, Japanese, Rus
sian and French troops are acting in conjunction in
operations against the Chinese Boxers. There is lit
tle wonder th«t the Chinese Empress Dowager is fear
ful of. the approach of such an army. A battle-cry
from such a host would rival the bedlam at the Tower
of Babel.
Russia has promised to behave herself in the Chi
nese crisis and not make any attempt at land-grab
bing, but the world will attribute her excellent dis
position to the fact that she has not completed the
Siberian railroad and is not ready yet to take a little
bit off the top.
By the time Bobs gets through in Africa he may
find a job waiting for him in Asia. Since the Czar
started the famous peace movement there has been
nothing but war in- the world and no chance for a
soldier to take a rest.
.The St. Louis woman who is in love with the spirit
of an actor probably does not attend the theaters very
frequently or she. could be induced to change her
mind.
Paris is passing ihrough another revolution.
Duelists are fighting noV with a fixed- determination
that the other fellow. is to be killed.. . . .
Roberts' dispatch describing the attack made on
General Botha announces that "after watching the
fight for some time he "hurried back" to Pretoria to
get news from Mcthuen, so it appears old Kruger is
not the only man in South Africa who has to hustle.
The Chinese Minister at Washington says that he
hears but very little from his home Government This
is very readily explained on the ground that his" home
Government is industriously engaged at present in
sawing wood and watching for a soft spot to drop.
American Consuls in China, it appears, are en-*
larging their sphere of usefulness in a way that sug
gests that some of them will soon enjoy the pleas
ures of private life. They have been caught selling
arms to the Filipinos.
The St. Louis car" riots may have none of the spec
tacular features of war, but they certainly possess all
cf war's deadly results. In a recent encounter more
American lives were lost than in the capture of Ma
nila.
In all the hurly-burly of the Chinese uproar it is
worth noting that old Li Hung Chang has obtained
the decoration of the "Square Dragon," and now he
As not proud of his peacock feather any more, nor
does he spend much time in contemplating his yellow
jacket.
One. of the effects of the big Republican vote in
Oregon has been to strengthen David Bennett Hill's
influence in the Democratic party. It is now certain
Bryan cannot be elected without the vote of New
York, and Hill will probably be permitted to frame
the platform with a view to catching gudgeons in that
State, and he may also have the privilege of naming
the Vice Presidential candidate.
(\ DEMAND FOR BIGGER WARSHIPS.
H; XTRAORDINARY projects are reported, to be
under consideration by the British Admiralty.
' — * Experts have advised the construction of bat
tleships upon a scale of magnitude far surpassing
anything yet undertaken in that direction.. The argu
ment is that as Great Britain, by reason of her widely
scattered colonies, must have war vessels with a larger
coal capacity than those "of other nations, it is im
perative that she now enter upon the construction of
a number of such vessels equal in capacity and size
to the Oceanic and other huge passenger steamers of
the Atlantic.
The advocates of the plan assert that large vesseh
will have an advantage over smaller ones not only in
steaming capacity, but also in defensive strength and
fighting force. It is said that by doubling the size
cf the present battleships the new ones would be able
to carry three times the thickness and weight of
armor, and would require only 50 per cent additional
weight and space for engines, boilers and fuel to at
tain to the same speed as the existing ironclad. They
could carry a considerably increased number of heavy
guns capable of sinking vessels of inferior type. They
would have a much stronger platform and greater
stability than ironclads of the present day. They
would probably double their gun power and immeas
urably improve their defensive power, while the ad
dition to the crew r.nd the increased cost of keep
would be only from 50 to 60 per cent over that of exist
ing vessels. The number of watertight compartments
would be on the whole increased. The confidence
of the crew in working their guns would be enhanced,
as the men would know that the ship was proof
against perforation by gun fire.
The arguments appear to be valid, and Great Brit
ain has m6ney enough appropriated for the navy to
justify tRe- Admiralty in constructing at least one of
the huge ships, by way of experiment. If the ¦result
should justify the expectations of the advocates of
big ships there will be a general reconstruction of
navies ali over the world. What the limit will be no
THE JUBILEE CELEBRATION.
GTAND MARSHAL CQSTELLO in a circular
to the Native Sons has set forth an excellent
plan for g* - ; ng a distinctive form to the cele
bration of the fiftieth anniversary of the admission of
California to statehood. He says: "It is my desire
that the parade should not only eclipse in. brilliancy
and splendor all former parades, but that it should
be an exposition of the industrial and material
progress of the State during the half century now
drawing to a close and a demonstration to visitors
from our sister States and the world at large of the
boundless wealth and unlimited resources of Califor
nia. I would therefore invite the earnest co-operation
of the parlors outside of San Francisco in further
ance of this end. Let the parlors" of each particular
district arrange some special feature or float that will
be emblematic of such loyalty and its particular re
sources and industries."
This suggestion is a happy one. California is a
State of such varied resources that a display of the
characteristic industries of the different sections would
not be in the least monotonous, and that fact in it
self is worth impressing upon the public. Should the
various counties or districts of any other State of the
Union undertake an industrial parade there- would
be only a long procession of floats showing corn or
wheat or cotton, according to the State where ths
cclebration was held. In California, however, there
can and will be displayed a wide diversity of exhibits,
ranging from gold-bearing quartz to orange groves,
from the lumber of giant redwoods to raisins and
wine.
It is a fortunate coincidence that the semi-centennial
of the State corresponds with a year of abounding
prosperity. The people are in a humor for public and
popular rejoicing. The festival of commemoration
will, come as a pleasant break in the Presidential
campaign and give all parties a chance to rid their
minds of partisim rivalries for a time and make a
joint Holiday of loyalty and" State patriotism. Every
prospect for a rousing celebration is propitious, and
it is to be hoped that every good suggestion concern
ing it will be cordially approved and carried out.
THE fruit-can ners were warned by The Call that
the fruit-gro.vers must be treated fairly and per
mitted a natural profit on their product. At
the time this warning was issued there was some in
credulity abroad among the canners, who objected to
the imperative "must." Inasmuch as fruit is a per
ishable article and must be handled when ready and
ripe or it is a total loss, they thought the growers
must come to their terms as to prices. But they have
changed their minds now. The season has opened on
spricots, and the growers have resorted to drying to
such an extent that there is not much prospect of ths
canners getting a very large pack of apricots. The
sun is a monopoly that no other has been able to beat.
It dries fruit cheaper than the canners can fit it for
market in tin, and when dried it is very acceptable to
the consumer. Unless the sun can be induced to come
into the canners' combine it is likely to stand as the
greatest and most independent monopoly that has
ever affected the fruit trade of California. The fruit
grower laughs at the canner and turns his face to the
sun with all the devotion of a fire worshiper.
It is well that we have the monopoly of the sun.
It has made our imperative "must" a vital word in
the fruit business, and when the canner passes the
apricot season and that of peaches and nectarines is
here, we warn him again that he must let the grower
have a decent profit or the sunshine will be put on
tap again and the grower will save his crop and get
his profit anyway. The growers are perfectly well
aware that drying causes a falling off in t^e canned
pack, and they also know that a scarcity of canned
fruit compels a resort to the dried irticle. So while
they are asserting their independence of everything
except their monopoly partner, the sun, they are also
raising the price of their dried fruit in the market by
decreasing the supply of its rival in the cans.
So the growers seem to be in pretty good shape to
resist the combine, and as long as the sun of Califor
nia shines with that constancy which is one of the
charms of the State the canners will see that they
must do as we told them would be wise.
It is a simple live and let live proposition. The
producer of the raw material takes 99 per cent of the
risk, and it is not fair that the canner, who takes I
per cent of the risk, should have 09 per cent of the
profit. If a sense of business justice prevail the two
will get on together and both do well. If not, the sun
still shines and dries more fruit with less fuss than
anything that man has invented.
THE SUN MONOPOLY.
ThjE MIKflDO TAKES ACTION.
K| \EPORTS from Washington announce that in
formation has been received by the adminis
tration that the Japanese Government has is
sued an order designed to restrict emigration to the
United Statds and to Canada. The Action is'said to
be due to the fact that the influx of the lower class,
of Japanese into this country and British .Columbia
has aroused antagonism, and the Government fears
that if it be not checked the results will be injurious
to the trade of Japan and the interests of the better
classes of her people.
According to the reports the order' of restriction <
provides "that an average of only five persons may
emigrate to the United States in one month from any
of the forty-seven prefectures in Japan. The same
order was put into effect 'in 'regard to Canada, except
that double that number will be 'allowed to go to the
Dominion from each prefecture. * In order to prevent
emigrants to Canada from crossing the border into
the United States and thus evading the intention of
the law it is announced that the Japanese Govern
ment will inaugurate a system of examinations at.
ports of debarkation, if it be found that the spirit of
the order is evaded." v\ ;•_=¦%¦ /-*;
The promulgation of such an order to go into effect
at once is of course highly gratifying to the United
States and relieves the administration of what threat
ened to be a vexatious problem ,of diplomacy. Ever
since the exposure made by The Call of the extent to
which Japanese immigration ta the Pacific Coast had
developed it has been recognized that something
should be -done to put a stop to the evil. The only
way by which a remedy could be applied was by
arranging a new treaty with japan under which a
Japanese exclusion act might be enacted on lines
similar to that which excludes the Chinese. Had the
Government of the Mikado interposed objections to
such a new treaty considerable time would have
elapsed before we could have overcome them, or by
summarily denouncing the treaty leave Congress free
to interpose restriction on such terms as it choose.
The action of the Japanese Government solves the
problem by providing for restriction at once, and in
a way that promises to be thoroughly effective and
satisfactory.
By promptly conforming to the desires of the
United States on this question the Japanese officials
have given another evidence of that sagacious
statesmanship which within a few years has raised
Japan from the rank of a comparatively barbarian
state to be one of the strongest empires of the world.
Japan is now a well-ordered Government, open to
every influence of civilization, and guided by wise
leaders. Her Government has shown itself capable of
dealing in the right way with every issue that
arises, and has now given another proof of its diplo
matic skill in avoiding complications that might have
made enemies out of a people naturally disposed to be
friendly.
LET CH.INA ALONE.
UP to the time that England announced her in
tention to force a passage from Tientsin to
Peking the casualties to foreigners in China, by
the Boxer riots, were less in number jthan the lynch
ings of Chinese and Italians in the United States, by
mobs. Only our capability for defense protected us
against just such a raid as we are invited to join
against China. The pretext of murder and violence
was more aggravated in our case than in hers.
It is evident that Europe is hot for conquest and
prey. If the predatory nations were not afraid of
each other, the carving would be in progress now.
We desire to go upon record that it is not to the in
terest of the world's peace nor the happiness of its
people that China be partitioned and its polity dis
turbed. The opening of that country to the world has
not paid a dividend. Its civilization has made its
people absolutely non-assimilable. They go forth
ji'.stified by the fact that opening their country to the
world opened the world to them. But wherever they
appear they retain every racial and national charac
teristic. Stubbornly resisting change, they add no
fresh current to any national life, in a physical sense.
They abide everywhere, a foreign substance in the
body of the nation they invade. But while this is true
of them abroad from their own country, it is also true
of Caucasians in China. Our race takes on neither
character nor strength from any Chinese contact.
Such a nation should be let alone. It should be per
mitted to adopt, in its own time and way, the dte
coveries and applications of art and science to econo
mic purposes, which so largely make up the form
and substance of Western civilization.
In the first place, to attempt the substitution of the
industrial system of China will produce results appall
ing to the world.. The subjection of industry to
manual processes there is consistent with the im
mense population which must earn food. The intro
duction of our labor-aiding mechanical devices would
obsolete the labor and "take away all hope of sup
port of two hundred and fifty millions of people, at
least We are disquieted now by the Indian famine,
but it will be remembered as a feast and season of
plenty compared with what would in China follow a
displacement of the existing industrial system.
Again, such policy would at last react upon the
world.. That human hive, which sends out but small
swarms to afflict wherever they light, if driven in des
peration to live after its industrial foundations are
changed, will swarm no more, but will flood the world
with its products at a labor cost on a par with the
bare price of existence. Then Chinese industrial dis
tress will spread to the nations which have brought it
upon her.
The United States will do well to keep out of the
gathering of nations now on Chinese soil 'and ex
pressing their horror at the mote in the Chinese eye,
for which they see no cure but. a dastardly attack
upon that empire. Fr.ch has a beam in its own eye,
but it is a civilized and Christian beam. The law
less persecution and slaughter of the defenseless are
wrong only when a heathen nation practices them.
When a nation that votes itself civilized i.-A Christian
does even worse, it is set down to the mysterious
working of the inscrutable ways of Provide r.-*e.
When the vulture nations that are invited to gorge
the fiesh and polish.the bones of China do something
that revolts human nature and sickens the heart of
humanity, they always lay it upon Divinity. Indeed,
that seems to be the chief political advantage of being
a Christian nation. When such a nation does any
thing too mean and greedy and cruel for human de
fense, it pleads the guidance of a Higher Power.
Heathen nations, even in the enjoyment of a state
religion, do not enjoy this rare advantage. They
have to lie and steal and murder on their own ac
count. They lay nothing to their gods. This is one
evidence that they are benighted and that they have
no rights which the Christian nations are bound to
respect.
The Chinese heathen in his blindness is opposed to
the overrunning and rough carving of his country by
the foreigners. He is aware that when the Chinese
become too thick in this country or in the British
colonies it is the practice to thin them out with a
gun, or, as we did in Wyoming, by burning them in
lots of 250 at a time, like rats in a strawstack. As
the Boxer, instead of renting a pew, bows down to
wood and stone, he does not understand that these
thinning processes arc the prerogative of Christian
nations only, so he begins a career of rank imitation
of our methods, whereupon the Christian nations
land marines and machine-guns and proceed to pun
ish him, oblivious that imitation is the sincerest form
cf flattery.
It is to be hoped that this country will notify the
assembled buzzards that will not take a claw in the
business. "We have enough laying upon our con
science now, unassimilated, without overloading it
v.-ith any more of the same sort of folly. We should
refuse to join the hungry flock that has impudently
proposed to organize a planetary trust in govern
ment and permit no nation to exist without its con
sent.
man can say. Perhaps warships may some day be
come so big they cannot enter the average harbor,
and then the nations will have to alter the world so
as to make it fit the ships.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 14, 1900.
6
A CHANGE OF MEDICINE
IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS
BY MARGARET McKENZIE,
Principal Hancock Grammar School.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
Dr. Slegert't Angostura Bitters, th* most
efficacious stimulant to excite tha appetite,
keeps the dlg»?tlve organs ta order.
Wants Damages for Injuries.
The Sutter-street Railway Company haa
been sued In the Justices' Court by Pau-
line Limousin,' pruardian of Charles Pencz.
lor J175 damages sustained by the latter
in a collision Jast month.
"Special Information supplied dally t-»
business houses and public men by tb*
Press CUpptng Bureau (AUen's) 519 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. •
Cal. glace fruit 60c per R> atTowmencTs.*
AUCTION SAXES.
By ChA*e & MenScr.h&ll— This day, at 11 o'clock, high-class
Horses, at 1722 Market street.
By Enill Coh_n — Tfaia day. ti 11 o'clock. Oak Furniture and
Carpet*, at ZiZ2 Bush etreet.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orard Opera-house — "The Girl Ffom ChlH,"
Columbia — Kellar.
California— "A Tin Soldier.*'
Tlroll— "Madeleine."
Alcazar— "Fapno."
Orpheura— Vaudeville.
Oljicpia, corner Mason and. Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•veninf.
Fischer" s— "Ersasl."
Eutro Baths— Open n!«hts.Hard-Working Committees Have
Done All Possible to Make
It Enjoyable.
St. James parish picnic at El Campo
Saturday next promises to be a very suc
cessful affair. The committee meetings
held have been very largely attended and
the parishioners are quite enthusiastic.
The committee on games report a most
excellent programme. The gate prizes
number over seventy-five and are all use
ful and valuable articles.
Excellent music will be furnished by
Bennett's Band. Nothing that hard-work
ing and experienced committees can do
to make the occasion a pleasant one will
be omitted. Boat3 will leave for the scene
of amusements at 9:30 a. m. and return
at 10 p. m.
ST. JAMES PARISH PICNIC
AT EL CAMPO SATURDAY
The feast of St. Anthony of Padua was
celebrated yesterday in the French
Church, Notre Dame des Vlctoires. on
Bush street. The altar where the Image
of St. Anthony reposes was decorated
with roses and throughout the -day the
Bhrlne was the object of much devotion.
There were three masses celebrated In
honor of the saint, at 7. 8 and 9 o'clock
In the morning, respectively.
There Is a pretty little story connected
with the origin of the feast of St. An
thony. Several years ago In a little vill
age of France a devoted and benevolent
churchwoman made a devotion to this
saint and promised to give a certain sum
to the poor in his name, provided her
prayer was answered. The neighbors
Joined with the pious lady in her devotion
and soon many of the adjoining villages
were making simllnr offerings. The devo
tion continued to spread- and before long
all of France was making promises in
St. Anthony's name. The French church
was the first to introduce the feast of
St. Anthony in this city and now all the
local Catholics unite In celebrating the
day. ; _ -
DONATIONS FOR THE
POOR IN HIS NAME
¦ ~ *^
Feast of St Anthony Is Fittingly
Observed at the French
Church.
Ferdinand Schaefer, a boxmaker, resid
ing at 31Stt Capp street, expired at tho
Harbor Receiving Hospital last night,
presumably of heart disease. • The body
was removed to . the Morgue.
Box Maker 1 Dies Suddenly.
Simon Solomon's Estate.
The will of Simon Solomon, late propri
etor of the Central Market, was filed la
the Probate Court yesterday. His estate
la estimated at over $i>n.00O: of that Joi).0«»
Is represented by his life Insurance policy.
His entire estate is left to the widow.
Judge B. M. Allen Received by Local
Brothers and Escorted to
the Palace.
Judge B. M. Allen, grand exalted ruler
of the Benevolent Protective Order of
Elks, arrived in this city last night after
several weeks of pilgrimage in the north
west. He was met by a delegation of the
local lodge, San Francisco No. 3, and es
corted to the Palace Hotel.
Judge Allen's visit to this city ¦will be
marked by a general reception on Friday
night, when the local lodge convenes.
After the regular session the San Fran
cisco Elks will show the exalted ruler
what they can do in the way of entertain
ment. During the few days that Judge
Allen will remain in this city he jtrill be
piloted around the various places of in
terest by the committee appointed for
that purpose.
In speaking of the pretensions of the
so-called Golden Gate Lodge, which was
declared to be not genuine by the sesslqn
of the Grand Lodge a few years ago.
Judge Allen emphatically declared that
there was but one lodge of Elks In this
city and that v,-as San Francisco No. 3.
He denied that his present trip was for
the purpose of considering the consolida
tion of the two lodges.
GRAND EXALTED RULER
OF ELKS IN THE CITY
SHRINERS INITIATE
MANY NEW MEMBERS
Nobles of Islam Temple Arrange for
Trip to Tahoe and Enjoy a
Banquet.
The regular monthly meeting and Ini
tiatory service of Islam Temple, Ancient
Arabic Order of Nobles of the Mystic
Shrine, were held last night In Golden
Gate Hall. Fourteen rie-w members were
Initiated with Impressive ceremonies, gror
geous retinues and Oriental features.
Arrangements were also perfected for
Islam's pilsrrimage to Lake Tahoe on June
23, 1900. The following named will consti
tute the executive committee:
Ban Francisco— Charles L. Patton, W. W.
Btocker. George F. Neal, John Tonningsen,
C W Decker. P. S. Teller. A. Vf. McKenzie.
Frank W. Marston. W. H. F. Titus, Robert
Ash. Georse El Howe. E. J. Benedict, E. B.
Hindes and H. B. Ream.
1 SacraiSSnto-Oeorf e H. Clark, H. B. Reid. L.
F Breuner T B. . Reid and Charles T. Barton.
Oakland— 1>- P. Degen. Charles J. Heeseman,
Patrick CanUl and A. P. Leach. . •
Ban Joee— George B. McKee, S. H. TVagener
and L. A. Bpitzer.
At the conclusion of the business meet
ing the Noble9 gathered in the upper hall,
whore a sumptuous banquet was spread.
Past Potentate Charles L. Patton acted as
toastmapter and Impromptu speeches con
cerning the welfare of Islam Temple were
delivered by Potentates . Hurlbut, Nobles
Charles Field. B. B. Duncan, H. B. Ream
and Rev. W. E. Smith.
During the courses the guests were en
tertained by a double quartet, composed
of D M Lawrence. R. \V. Smith, C. L.
Gage! Clarence "Wendell. Walter Campbell.
B >IcBaine. A. A. Batkln and Samuel I>.
Mayer. About 150 gueats pat down at
table, Including the following named
visiting nobles: , £->*
H. E Cobb, Medina. Temple. K. T., Chicago;
¦\V E Smith. Mecca .Temple, New York:
Ernest H. Head. Chicago; Harry R. Hathawajr,
Al Malaifcah Temple. Los Angeles; W. H. Wil
liamson, El Katif Temple, Spokane; Fred Han
nlton Spokane; Georse E. Baldwin, Los Ange
les- H. Brooks Jr., Almas Temple, Washington,
D. 'c.; George H. Cook, El Zurabah Temple,
Phoenix, Ariz.
Those for Ordinary Clerkship to Em
brace Arithmetic, Letter Writing
and Experience.
The Civil Service Commission has
adopted the rules to govern the marking
of papers in the examination for ordinary
clerks to be held June 15. The following
are the subjects . and their relative
weights: Arithmetic, 4; copying from
rough draught, 2; letter writing, 2; expe
rience. 2. The board's circular says:
Each competitor will tw» required to wrltw a
letter of at least one hundred words on a sub
ject pertaining to the city Rov»rnnvnt, which
will be anirninc»'l at the examination. Deduc
tions will be made for poor penmanship, want
of neatness, departure from subject, each defect
In form or address and each error In spelling.
In arithmetic ten credits will be given for
each of the ten j>rob>ms answered. Deductions
will be made for Incorrect result, failure to s*t
forth work in full, errors In copjins figures
from question sheet, each error In decimal
point and for fractions In answer not reduced
to lowest terms.
Copying from rough draught will be marked
upon a scale of one hundred. The mark will b«
determined by correctness In framinsr sentences.
spelling and capitalization. Deductions will b*
mad* for each Incorrect sentence, each error
in spelling, each word erroneously omitted or
Inserted and each error in capitalization.
There will be allowed for satisfactory proof
of continuous and faithful emplorment in cler
ical capacity for a period of over flv« years. 100
per cent; from four to five years. 93; threa to
four, JO; two to three, S3; one to two. SO.
RULES FOR NEXT CIVIL
SERVICE EXAMINATION
PATRIOTIC CITIZENS
PREPARING FOR OUTING
Celebration of the Anniversary of the
Battle of Bunker Hill Will Be
an Elaborate Affair.
The Bunker Hill Association. Native
Sons of Vermont^, Pioneers and Sons of
the American Revolution will celebrate
the 125th anniversary of the Battle of
Bunker Hill amenpr the redwoods at Glen
wood next Saturday, June 16. The de
mand for tickets is great and the celebra
tion will be a notable one in the history
of the organizations. All patriotic bodies
have been Invited to attend and In this
city flags will float over all public birfid
lngs, which will be otherwise decorated.
The trains will leave for Glenwood at
7:45 and S:45 a. m. Satnrday. and those
who have not previously secured tickets
can purchase them at the narrow-gauge
depot, foot of Market street, on that
morning, and also at the Fourteenth and
Franklin-street station in Oakland and
at the narrow-gauge station at Park
street in Alameda. The narrow-gauge
trains leaving Fourteenth and Franklin
streets, Oakland, at 7:45 and 8:45 the
morning of the 16th will also connect with
the excursion trains at the Alameda mole.
The literary and musical programme
will occupy about an hour and consists of
eleven numbers, including the benediction,
as follows:
Overture. Second Regiment Band. grand
medley patriotic air; prayer by the chaplain.
Rev. T. J. Lacey; opening remarks. William
G. Badger, president Bunker Hill Association;
song. "Sword of Bunker Hill." Alfred W'ilkie;
remarks, introducing orator of the day, Ed
ward A. Belcher: oration. Mertcu C. Allen;
eong, "Star-Spangled Banner," Mrs. Eva Ten
ney; selection, "The Marseillaise," Second Reg
iment Band; song, the Emalada Ladies' Quar
tet; closing Bong. "America," by the audience;
benediction by the chaplain.
Aside from the time given to the exer
cises and luncheon the day will be devoted
to dancing, various games and contests
and walks In the picturesque grounds.
Xo liquors will be sold on the grounds
or gambling games allowed, and every
thing will be done by the committee for
the comfort and pleasure of their guests.
The Board of Education Is making prep
arations to institute a system of manual
training in different sections of the city.
C. T. Work, who was recently appointed
supervisor of this branch in the School
Department, will arrive in this city about
June 15 and on his arrival will confer
with the School Directors regarding the
installation of manual training depart
ments in at least four grammar schools.
Those at present contemplated include
the Franklin. Clement. Horace Mann and
Pacific Heights schools, but the number
may be increased should the demands
and the state of the funds warrant it.
Chairman Mark in outlining the pro
posed innovation yesterday said:
"We intend to put in the best manual
training plants we can afford and will
pattern them after the one now In ope
ration at the California School of Me
chanical Arts, but necessarily on a
smaller scale. It will cost about $100") to
install the system in each of the four
schools, and while we expect to hive a
surplus in the funds of about $20,000 we
aro not quite certain yet as to how much
will be available for this purpose.
"We have so far decided to Inaugurate
the system known as 'Sloyd,' which com
prises the elements of manual training.
The pupil will be taught carpentry, me
chanics and drawing with a view to liis
creating some simple mechanical device
and to develop the power of hi3 hands.
Pupils of the seventh and eighth grades
will be eligible to take the course, but
girls will be excluded^
••For the girls. Director Kincald la at
present formulating plans to establish
sewing classes In the fifth, sixth and sev
enth grades of x several schools. These
will be taught by the regular teachers
and principals. It being deemed unneces
sary to employ special teachers for the
purpose. In the eighth, grade cooking
plants will be Installed and cooking will
be taught once a week In four or five
schools yet to be selected, but Judiciously
distributed throughout the city."
LAFAYETTE SCHOOLHOUSE
* WILL NOW BE REPAIRED
Director Casserly Bars a Dismissed
Gardener From Attending the
Board's Meeting.
The Board of Education held a brief
meeting yesterday morning and Chairman
Mark and Director Denman were author
ized by resolution to arrange for the re
pair of the Lafayette schoolhouse, which
was damaged by fire last week. Inspector
"Wellin has prepared an estimate" of the
cost, which # he places at $3000, and the
work will be'eommenced Immediately, so
that the schoolhouse may be ready for
occupancy by the beginning of next term.
John Ryan, who wa-j appointed gardener
in the School Department during Febru
ary and worked twenty-two days in
March, for which he received no pay.
made an unsuccessful attempt to press his
claim before the board, but he was barred
from entering the public meeting room
by Director Casserly, who peremptorily
ordered him to leave. It Is claimed by the
board that Ryan was appointed during
February only. Ryan, however, says that
he did not receive notice to quit until
March 22, and claims he is entitled to (44
pay. He continued to carry out the orders
of Storekeeper McAuliffe up to the dato
given. Casserly Insists that he had a ver
bal agreement with Ryan that he should
quit on March 1, but this statement Is de-
C. T. Work, Who Will Supervise the
System, Will Soon Arrive From
the East and Formulate
Definite Flans.
School Board Preparing to
Introduce System in
Four Schools.
PUPILS REE NOW
TO BE TRAINED
IN MANUAL ART
San Jose College and That of Notre
Dame Ara Accredited to the Uni
versity of California.
It will be a matter of sincere congratu
lation to those interested in Catholic edu
cation to know that two of the most
prominent and popular Catholic educa
tional Institutions in the State have re
ceived tha honor of being made accredited
schools to the University of California.
This honor is carefully guarded by the
authorities of the university at Berkeley
and is given only after careful examina
tion and a thorough investigation.
When schools are aocredited their frrad
uates are admitted to Berkeley without
examination. The two schools to receive
this recognition of their merit are the San
Jose College, with its attached academy,
and th* College of Notre Dame in this
city. The San Jose College is accredited
in English. Latin. French, mathematics
and history, the leading and essential
courses in primary education.
High School Annual Reunion.
The class of # SS of the Girls" High School
held its annual reunion at the High School
auditorium yesterday afternoon. The clasa
was welcomed by Mr. Brooks, the prin
cipal; Mrs. Prag-ue. head of the hl3tory
department; Miss Thompson and Miss
Owens, representing the English depart
ment, and Mr. Goldstone. head of the art
department. The meeting was a spirited
one. during the course of which a move
ment was started for the formation of an
alumnae association. A report of the work
of graduates for the past year showed
that the majority of them were pursuing
a higher course in the different colleges.
The committee bavin? the reunion In
charge consisted of Miss Violet Goodman.
Miss Anna Bennett. Miss Bickie Hes3 and
Miss Beatrix Cooler.
nied point blank by Ryan. When the lat
ter tried to gain admittance to the meet
in? yesterday his entrance was opposed
by Casserly. who said that Ryan was
"only a grardener and had no business
around the board's meeting." Ryan 13 of
the opinion that all meetings of city offi
cials should be open to the public, but the
Board of Education evidently thinks dif
ferently.
The board discussed the proposition to
supply indigent pupils in- the Lafayette
School with the books they had lost in the
fire. Director Klncald advised that money
for the purpose be taken from the indi
gent fund, but th!3 was opposed by Den
man, who advised the. board to proceed
cautiously, as enormous bills mfjjht be the
result. No action on the matter was ta
ken.
CATHOLIC SCHOOLS ARE
HONORED BY BERKELEY
the Hawaiian sugar trade. The Commis
sioners have not decided who will get the
berth, but the chances are that it will go
to the new steamship line.
The company's new steamer Callfornian
will be ready for her trial trip on the 20th
lnst. and she will then dock at Howard 3
and load for Honolulu.
Water Front Notes.
Captain F. E. Frazier has taken com
mand of the United States transport Sher
idan.
There was a strike among: the x steve
dores on the Mail dock yesterday. After
three hours of talking the men gained
their point and are now receiving 40 cents
a. hour and SO cents overtime.
The Orizaba takes the place of the Po
mona on the Eureka run to-day. The Po
mona goes to Seattle to receive new boil
ers.
The schooner Americana, which has
been written as overdue in The Call, Is
now out tM days from Iqulque. for San
Francisco, and the underwriters are pay
ing 10 per cent on her. The Fingal 128
days out from Calcutta for San Francisco,
is also overdue and 10 per cent is being
paid on her.
The French cruiser Protet sailed for
China, via Japan, yesterday.
WASHINGTON, June 13.-The Navy
Department has completed the prepara
tion of a circular calling for bids fo
supplying armor plate in the navy and
it will be ready for Issuance as soon as
certain typographical changes have been
made.
For the first time the department has
adopted the policy of classifying the ar
mor called for in the advertisement. Un
der the price heretofore paid for armor
it was scarcely worth while to make any
distinction between the various grades
of armor required. At the enhanced price
now prevailing a considerable saving can
be effected by classifying the amor.
Thus, the advertisement calls first for the
highest quality face-hardened armor
treated by Krupp process. The second
class is composed of armor of generally
lesser thickness than class 1. used in
plates, where the requirements are not so
severe, and in this case the ordinary har
veyized armor- will serve. Class 3 will
be made up of thin plates, bolts nuts
etc.. material not requiring any kind of
hardening process. The latter require
ment is that the manufacturers must fur
nish armor of a certain specified grade.
The new circular contains an important
addition in that the armormakers are to
supply armor of the very highest grade.
Under that clause if there are improve
ments in production tending to enhance
the quality of the armor the contractors
must give them to the Government with
out any extra cost.
The circular, as already forecasted, pro
vides* for the reception of bids for three
specified quantities of armor, and the
largest quantity needed Is called for at
once to test the ability of the Government
to secure a reduction in price of armor
by placing a large order.
The ordnance bureau has not yet been
acquainted with the reported intention of
the great steel working concerns In the
United States to enter into competition
with the two companies which have sup
plied armor for the navy heretofore. It
is known to the bureau that this particu
lar concern has spent a large amount of
money during the past year In very exten
sively enlarging its plants, but so far
as is known the additions are adaptable
to the production of commercial steel and
are not specifically I devised for armor
making.
Owing to the Advanced Bate to Be
Paid Contractors Are Required
to Furnish Classified
Navy Department Makes
Important Changes in
the Circular.
CALL FOR BIDS
ON ARMOR PLATE
IS NOW READY
The Naval Reserve steamer Marion and
the schooner Philippine met in- collision
yesterday morning. The Robert Lewers
was also in the mix-up, but luckily no
harm was done and none of the vessels
lost more than a little paint.
The Philippine and Robert Lewers ar
rived from Hawaii last Tuesday and an
chored oft Folsom-street wharf. The Ma
rion came back from a short cruise out
side the heads last Sunday and also an
chored off the transport wharf. Unfortu
nately the Naval Reserve boat was an
chored In the fairway and Wednesday
Captain James was notified by Chief
Wharfinger Henderson to move her.
Without waltine for the officer of the
day to put In an appearance the boat
swain attempted to move the ship him
self, and all the resulting trouble fol
lowed.
As soon as Lieutenant Peterson boarded
the Marion, which he did in a hurry as
soon a-s he saw her drifting, he signaled
for assistance. The State tug Governor
Markham went out and later the tug
Redmond ranged up alongside. Between
them they got the Naval Reserve steamer
away from the schooners and anchored
her in a safe place. It was a close call,
but luckily no damage was done. -
Salmon Fleet Heard From.
From a private letter received by the
Alaska Packers' Association it is learned
that the steamer President reached Bris
tol Bay on May 8, the Prosper on May 17,
the Will W. Chase on May 18, the Bohe
mian. Taccma and Eclipse on May 21; the
Premier on May 23, the Indiana and Ser
via on May 24. the Willie R. Hume on
May 25, the Orient on May 26 and the C.
B. Kenney on May SO.
Mariposa Sails .for Australia.
The Mall steamer Mariposa sailed last
night for Australia, via Hawaii, Samoa
and New Zealand. She took away over
100 cabin passengers, among whom were
the James Neill Company. The players
are to give the Hawalians a taste or nrst
class melodrama, something that the peo
ple of Honolulu have not seen for a Ions
time. Every ounce of frei/ht the mail
boat couid carry was packed away In her
hold and about 100 tons of general mer
chandise had to be left behind.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
The building of an iron stairway to the
Santa Fe landing in the rew ferry depot
was yesterday let by the. Harbor Commis-
Blone'ra to the Western Iron Works for
$2130. The Risdon Iron Works was the
only other competitor.
The California and Hawaii Steamship
Company, the Alaska Commercial Com
pany en>l Uncle Sam all want Howarti
stre'et wharf when it is completed. The
Government wants it for the transport
service, the Alaska Commercial Company
wants It for its Alaskan fleet, while the
steamship company wants It for the new
10,O»-ton steamers it Intends putting Into
No Damage Was Bone, but the Tugs
Governor Markham and Red
mond Had to Separate
the Vessels.
Naval Reserve Steamer Ma
rion and Schooner Phil
ippine in Collision.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEM Jill THE "
WATER FRONT
Naval Reserve Steamer Marion and Schooner Philippine Alter the Collision.
EXAMINATIONS.
These examinations are open to all students of one or more of the courses.
Candidates will be given thiee weeks in which to prepare their answers. Certi
ficates will be granted in each course to students whose examination papers
meet the approval of a committee of examiners. Mail all papers to The Home
Study Circle. The Call, San Francisco. Mark ail papers "Examination."
Directions — Write with ink, on whit? paper and on only oae side of each sheet.
The name and address of the candidate should be distinctly written at the top of
each sheet of examination paper. Candidates writing upon more than one course
should mail their examinations in separate packages. Mall the sheets without
roiling and with as little folding as possible. See that postage is fully prepaid.
The names of successful candidates will be arranged in three groups, accord
ing to order of merit, as follows: (1) Excellent, {2) good. (3) fair.
Xote — Eight questions will be considered
a complete paper. Only such answers are
expected as can be framed from a study
of the lessons.
1. Who was Joan of Arc? Describe her
character. What great work did she ac
complish?
2. Who was Vlttcria Colonna? Contrast
her character and that of her husband.
3. Write a biographical sketch of Angel
ica Kauffmann. W hy was she so beloved
as a woman and so popular as an artist?
4. Contrast the good fortune and the ill
fortune to be seen in the life of Mme. Le
Brun.
5. Who was Sarah Siddons? What were
her most famous impersonations? Why
was she called the "Tragic Muse"? Give
some account of her character and her
personal appearance, and manner.
6. Give an account of the circumstances
by which Charlotte Corday became fa
mous.
7. Who was Sir William Herschel? For
what reasons la Charlotte Herscbel a fa
mous woman?
8. Write notes on (a) Jane Austen's life
and character; <b) her place In literature.
£?. Who was Charles Lamb? Why la
Mary Lamb a famous woman? Describe
her life with Charles Lamb.
10. Describe the character of Elizabeth
Fry? Describe the great work accom
plished by her.
11. Write a biographical sketch of Mar
garet Fuller.
12. Describe (a) the character fb) the
accomplishments (c) the achievements oi
Harriet Martlneau.
13. Write a descriptive and critical ac
count of the place in the history ot dra
matic art of Charlotte Cushman.
14. Put in th* form of a story an account
of Jenny Llnd.
15. Give an account of the character and
life work of Rosa Bonheur.
Copyright, 190O, by Seymour Eaton.
BIOGRAPHICAL STUDIES FOR GIRLS.
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JITS E 14, 1900.
This Will Surprise You.
To-morrow (Friday) there .will be placed on
sale 2C00 pairs ladles' shoes cr ties for 35<s a
pair. The Standard, 1029 Market, bet. 6th & 7th. •
7
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
t7T~ wjSjtTif k \yi\ shi By
DR. HALL ? S RtiNYIGORATORkrfgigga
Five hundred reward for any Kftj^TRsyl
case we cannot cur*. This secret P"
remedy stops all losses In 24 a . __5a
hours, cures Emissions. Irapo- ERF! V^4
t*r.cy. Gonorrhoea. tffS frrrt
OleVt! Fits. Strictur-s. Lo5t \Xli LxJ
Manhood and all vraEtinc e!T«:ts K53 t^wl
cf self-abuse or excees^s. Sent K3z*M5UXi
cealed. 12 bottle: 3 bottles. *S: guaranteed to
core air MS*- Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. KS Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
fcr sale at 107SH Market at.. S. F. All prtx-at«
Alseasea QOlcklx cured. Send for tree book. ,
By TTsing Platt's Chlorides ;Preely
sickness and trouble may be prevented. •
THE NERVES OF WOMEN
I/rdla E. Piakhnm's Vegetable! Componnd
Kelleres the Suffering from Orer-
wrought Nerrea. '
"Deab Mbs. Ptnkham: — I am so
grateful for the benefit derived from
the use of Lydia E. Plnkham's Vege-
table Compound tbat I wish you to
publish j this testimonial that others
may know the value of yonr medicine.
I was suffering such tortures from
,rgx- nervous prostration that
E^ytJ} life was a burden. Iocrald
not sleep at ail and
jr - . S\ 'walk across the floor
iS^^^wffl where my heart was
affected by it, so that
often I could not lie
gPS H^ro^a own a^ a^ without
ffgSSBfBttmn almost suffocating.
™- table Compound
and it worked like magic I feel that
your medicine has been of inestimable
benefit to me." — Miss Adei.e Whxiam-
so;t, 196 N. Boulevard, Atlanta, Ga.
Thin, Sallow and Nervous
•' Dbas Mbs. Pctkham : — I was thin,
sallow and nervous. I had not had
my menses for over a year and a half.
Doctored with several physicians in
town and one specialist, but did not
get any better. I finally decided to
try your medicine, and wrote to. you.
After I had taken three bottles of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound and three of Blood Purifier, my
menses returned, and I feel as well
and strong as I ever did, and am gain-
ing flesh."— Miss Lena Gaixes, Visalia,
Tulare Co., Cal. .
PHONE MAIN £31.
A LAUGHINO TRIUMPH.
Gtr.-lr-- Success of the New Torit Fare*
Coirieijy ruror.
TheCirl From Chili.
Next Week— The- Rural Dramatio IdyL
"A HOMESPUN HEART."
PRICES- 10c. lie, 25c. E0 Cents
Good Reserved S^a.t -in Orchestra, at All
Matin»*es S c*nts.
Brirxh Ticket Orflce. EmDcrtaa.
F»AL/\CE HOTEL
cIVmeatre M>
EVEIIT NIGHT AT 8:10.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WOTTE TVHII I LESET.
Presentlns
KATECEE SATCRDAT OXL^
EEAT5 SIX DATS IS ADVANCE.
C+iUTESANoZOO
E'tTHT AFTEP^COON AND EVENINO.
GREAT VAUDEYILLB SHOW !
specialIto-night i
THE AMATEURS IN SPECIALTIES
AND A.
LADIES' Bricklaying Contest,
AFTER THE VAUDEVILLE.
Order seats by Phorie. Par* Z3.
T7fCrHFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
OHEAT LAMSAP.DI OPEKA QUAEfET AND
•SIG. AliRAMOFF. in Last Act of
••EIINANI.'
Isabfllt l*n<".' rwocd and O'Kst'Ile Pliters.
: • «r-. -i Peats. TZc. Uatlr.ee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHT3. OPEV NIQHTS.
Or*n dally from 7 a. m. to ;i p. m.
;,.- l ,irj from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADillSJ-ION 10 cents. CHILDREN S cents.
bathing. Including admigs'.on. 25c. Children ZOc.
Weekly Call Si p&r Year
The hirh standard cf excellence main-
tained by theee hotels ts recognized and
appreciated by a discriminating; and fas-
tldicut clientele who reetilarly make them
their headquarters when In Ean Francisco.
Located in dc«e proximity to wholesale
and cheppinr districts, place* of amuse-
ment and with tha further advantage of
bavins street cars to all points of Interest
pass the entrance.
American plan. European plan.
GRAND HOTEL
•*-o-^o-«-o-*- o-»-o ? o -?- o-»-©-»-o-»-o-*-o-*o-*
1 -
O n
? GS IS A T
? 1 Natural Mineral Water \
4 J JBL kntwn far centuries and f
£"^^i imported q
j /S^% 0NLY IN BOTTLES. ?
£ 2l£efx&& CT Di»crder«d Stomich ?
?^~**^3lt3 Talus has been t«sti. 0
t^t«5l4^! fled to by thousand*. *
? '.itnY So-called Vichy In Sy- 2
•~aO>!^' pbona *
? %#%%&M IS NOT VICHY. ?
t G et the Genuine. 2
9 9££%-*^§W Toor phr» I clan O
S<f?j4jt^3 wlU rriomnjetid it. ?
*-0'*Q-«-O*'O+-0-*O -•¦ O-*-O-» O ? O ? 0 -«-0 ?
-^i J)\\//\ I , DR. PIERCE'S.
immk electric
*mgW BELT,
THIS BELT IS "WAR.
*/TS. ranted to b« the latest lm-
k proved, moit powerful and
In all reesccta the best now manufactured la
any part of the world. Its equal do«s not exist.
Tne Galvanometer ihowi Its electric current to
b« double that of any other. Easily regulated.
Durably lcsulmted. Latest Improved attach-
ments. Epectal conductors and electrodes.
Double wire tujpeneory fcr men. It will cur«
•cy £!iease en earth that It Is possible to con
with electricity, and it cores when others falL
But no belt till yon cee "Dr. Plerc«'a."
"Bocfclet No. 2." free at office or sent by mall
tor a t-cect etamp, tells all about It. Addrca*
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
62O Market Street.
(Ops. Falace Hotel). EAN FRANCISCO
Eastern Office— New York City.
You shorten your life
many years by drinking
tea or coffee.
Live a long and healthful
life by drinking
Cof=farin
It is the purest and best
coffee substitute in the world.
Grocers sell Cof-farin.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
Ertrr 5i£ it, izc!c£isg Essday. 2f atisea Eatortfay.
BKLUAXT | GREAT
op the I MAGICIAN
KELLAR
A rrstrramae of the nest mystifying feats
ever attesiuted here.
Special trices <«?ver.ir.*F>. ZSc. SCU% Me, T5c
ar:d IU
3'atlr.ee Estunlzr. -^. 33e. Vxt and 75c.
S«»ats r.ow ready for second and !ast week.
VIN MARIANI
MARIANI WINE-WORLD FAMOUS TONIC
Many thousand physicians and millions of
persons during the past thirty-five years have
thorough!}- tested Vin M&rlar.l and Invariably
experienced beneficial effects. Thousands of
unoua men and wom'ii from almost every
alk cf life have praised Vln Marianl la poetry
nd prose, in music, sculpture and painting.
ry Vln Mariani on Its merits.
Sold by ell druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
THE BEST VArPEVILLE SHOW XS
AMERICA.
Headed ty Such Well-known Stars aj
VAN AND N0BRI6A COMPANY,
JOSEPH mi AND CARRIE DE MAR,
MISS LILLIAN BURKHART & CO.,
—And Including—
THE MARVELOUS MERRILLS: STDNET
DEANE: FLErRETTE AND OARDLSER;
ME. ANI> MRS. JIMMIH BARRY.
He*»rve<J s^ats. rie; balcony. 10c; opera, chairs
ar-J l>cx seats. 50c.
Matlne^a WViaesday. Saf-riay and Sunday.
A2a.TJSE*TEXT S.
*T1 VQLB*
ANOTHER LAST
CROWDED NIGHT
HOUSE WITNESSED
Th« Revival of th« Comic Operm,
MADELEINE
or THE MAGIC KISS.
Presented by a Great Company. Includlc*
EDWIN" STEVENS, ANNA LICHTER and
FFURIS HARTMAJC.
EVENINGS al S. ilATlNEE SATURDAY at r
POPUI*AR PRICES— Z5 AND £» CENTS.
TKei-iiOse— Bush 9.
ZtTZZS^'Y^l 1** r '" 3 " li^l gi;* j i j^
4 Quart Bottles, $3-?o
Express Chars** Prepaid.
HIGHEST GRADE FOR MEDICINAL OR
familjr use. We plve you the beneflt of the
ir.iafilemen's profit; besides, you are guaranteed
the certainty cf
$8? PORE 1 WHISKEY
Nothlcg- on case to Indicate contents. Money-
refunded IT not satisfactory. Twice the price
could buy no better. Reference, any business
firm and commercial agencies.
F. EPHRA1M.& CO.. Distillers* Agents,
18 Montnomtry *iu, S. P.. Cat.
Sol* Apecta French Colony Vineyard Co., Inc.
1 ne American
tirSfCfH Porter" is without
C^^^S*^\ an ea * ua l as a re "
freshing beverage,
and superior to the best English
brands of Porter, Stout or 'alf and
'alf, being more mellow and pleas-
ing. The one perfect American
Porter. Prepared by
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass n
St. Louis. U. S. A.
Ere^ers of the Original Budweiscr, Faust, Michelob, Anheuser-Standard,
Pale-Lager, Export Pale, Black and Tan, Exquisite and Malt-Nutrine.
TO-NIGHT BENEFIT OF GOLDEN GATE
PARLOR, X. S. G. "W.,
la AS1 cf 1>JO Celebration Fund.
Dunne & Rjley's ALL-STAR CAST,
— ISClBdiSS —
MATTHEWS AND BULGER,
Mary Marfc>. "Walter Jones, MaujJe Courtney
and SO cticrs la. HOTT'S
"A Tin Jtoldier"
Next Fun<5ay cisiit. mammoth production of
•\f favorite. Hcyt'B "A. MILK WHITE
John Punne as Napoleon, Mary Mar-
Vie as the orjhaa; their original crea-tloa*. i
bl Is different from any other toilet preparation. cj
III It is not a simple beautifier. It ia neither ||
p| paint, powder nor <bleachi. It 13 a medicinal o
H A full explanation, instructions and & sample of tho |y
fa cream will be mailed to any address upon receipt of a 2c - |a
pj Etamp. Anita Cream & Toilet Co., 207 Franklin street, . N
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBHSEMENTS.LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
LIVERPOOL. «
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 1114 - t, 11%
Closing 5 10-tt 5 10%
PARIS.
Wheat— June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 73 22 15,
Closing 20 50 2190
Flour— . .
Opening 27 00 23 00
Closing :.....; 27 CO 28 SO
Chicago : Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, June 13.— CATTLE-Receipts, 15,-
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times ¦ and Heights - of HI E h and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entranced San
Francisco Bay. Published .by official au"
thortty of the Superintendent u '"" al au *
NOTE— The high and low waters occur .t
the city front iMission-streft wharO Tbout
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort-PolSt*
the height of tide Is the same at bo°h places.'
THURSDAY. JUNE 14.
Sun rises "Tri
Sun sets i : jl
Moon rises "'.'.'."""'.i\ss'y m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornins tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column givea the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last ' or , right hand column gives tha
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market we* steady; creamery, 14@17V>c; dairy
12<i?l» 1 ,4c. Cheese, slow; 8«i@3%c. Eggs, steady
fresh. 101i©llc
Branch Hydrographlo Office, U. S. N Mer
June t8 «. E im aBire ' SSQ rrancl «o.-Ca...
The Time ball did not drop to-day Acci
dental fault with the mechanism. -*ccv
' Lieutenant Commander. U.'s. N..' in charge.
Time Ball.
Nezv York Stock Market.
JCEW YORK. June 13.— Prices advanced early
to-day under the twofold Influence of a bet
ter tcne on foreign Ftock markets and som?
relief Vy rain for "the drought stricken dis
tricts lr. the NorthTvr«t. Tho Fmallness of the
demand from the *hort interest was a com
mentary on the liFtlessness of the recent bear
speculation, notwithstanding the highly alarm
ing rumois which have circulated regarding
conditions in the spring wheat belt. The move
ment In the wheat n:arkets Indicated that the
fate of the spring wheat crcp is Uy no means
yet decided. The Northwestern grain carrying
reads in fact failed to share in the strength
of the day'* market and the grangers as a
Croup came late into the movement. Baltimore
ar.d Ohio radiated a strengthening Influence
throughout en the excellent showing made in
Its May Ftatement cf net earnings and the
fnvcrable predictions made by President Cowen
cf the results to be csj.ected from.th« heavy
coal traffic. Norfolk ar.4 Wostern was helped
fr-orc the same cause. New York Central, as
a trunk line, ehowr-d tjrapmXhy. London was
ft buyer here to the extent cf about 20.000
chares and established the high rar.ge of prices.
After the arbitrage brokers had ceased to
operate the market becam* exceedingly nar
row and tlEtlers. with little cf note. The
strength of Americans In London was at
tributed to the reins in the Northwxst. Pro
fessional traders here also laid norne stress
on the expected arrival late to-day cf a pr-jin
lr.ent finunV-lcr from a visit in Europe. The
export Ot $3,:/"0,00o In gold, a figure in excess
of the tstimatPS. had no ffTect m-hatevw r.n
the Block market. A feature of the day was
Ihe rally In steel stocks, due to reports of pros
pects of an enlarging export demand for iron.
The market closed Urm and with gains vc-ll
maintained. The Etrrngth In foreign Mock
market* was attributed to the easier money
conditions In London and to thn expectation I
that the Bank of England woulJ reduce its I
official discount rate to-morrow. The payment j
of an installment of . the British war loan
and the taiciiijr up to-fiay cf a loan for the
London County Council of t2S.CCO.C00 having
faiied to harden the LonCon money market
there Is no further reason lipparent for the
maintenance' of the bank rate so far above
the jrlvate discount rate. The local money
inarUet shows a sUshtly firmc-r undertone, but
no Quotable changes as a result of the pold
exports. The -tub-treasury operations show that
the process of takinc up the second Install
ment of Government deposits amounting to
{;.000.009"hae not commenced and there are
some eurcnlee* a» to tne effect of the operation
en tke money market in connection with the
renewed export movement of gold. No deep
s.rj" r ci»ea£loa exists, however, £s to the icj-
MILLSTUFFS— Prices > In sacks , are as fol
lows, usual . discount ". to : the - trade: Graham
Flour, L t2 75 per 100 lbs;. Rye "Flour, $2 75;- Rye
Meal. ?2 60; Rice -Flour.'*' $7; Corn Meal, »2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. ', |2 233*3 50; Buck-
FLOUR— California : family extras. $3 60®3 75.
usual terms ; bakers' extras, $3 40®S 50; Oregon
and Washington." 12 2&3S per barrel.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 60?4o.
Regular Morning Session— No Bales.
Afternoon .Session — No tales.
OATS — Several narrow changes will be teen.
Government orders relieve . the market from
stagnation. .,.. .
White. $1 10@l 38; Surprise. $1 22>4@1 25; Red.
$1 10© I 20; Gray, $1 07U-gl 15; Black. 11(31 07 H
per ctl. . t ... -¦ , . > , '.., ¦ .
. CORN— Eastern large Yellow. $1 15 per. ctl:
Eastern White. $1@1 05 per ctl; Mixed, $1 10. "v.
RYE— The shippers are doing some buying at
S7%c for new and 92V4@95c for old. '
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal. . '
CALL BOARD SALES
Feed, 67Ut@70c for No. 1 and . 62H®65c for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, 75© SOc;
Chevalier, nominal.
. Informal Session — 9:15 o'cloclv — December — 32,
000 ctls. $103',i; 22,000. *1 03%.
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls. $1 0354-
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 03VsI 24,000, $1 C3V4.
Afternoon Session — December — 10,000 ctls,
*1C3M.: 2000. $1 03U; 16.000. *1 03%.
BARLEY — The market continues listless and
unchanged.. • •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Chicago was unsettled.' declining from 73Hc to
72%c, . recovering to 74c and falling back to
7Z%c. There were general rains In South Da
kota and Central Minnesota and scattered
showers in North Dakota and Northern Minne
sota. The weather is - now cool and ¦ clear
e\-crywhere. There were more buyers than sell
ers at the decline. The Northwest bought free
ly, which caused an advance. , The opinion In
the Northwest Is that the crop will be poor at
best. ,
The local market was dull, with lower prices
on call.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, 95®96Vic; milling,
97&<S*1.
WHEAT — The excitement has largely sub
sided and the markets are less sensitive every
where. Paris and Liverpool futures' are lower.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — }4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS «4
Sterling Cables — 4 S3
New York Exchange, sight ." — 10'
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12>£
Fine Silver, per ounce — 6oit
Mexican Dollars 4SH 49
Exchange and Bullion.
* : *
CHICAGO, June 13.— Wheat was Irregular
but firm following a weak opening. Good rains
were reported from South Dakota and Min
nesota and this was sufficient for a drop in
prices. July opening 9i«ric under yesterday at
72?ic to 72^c. The Northwest was a buyer
from the start, however. North Dakota and
Manitoba were still in need of moisture and
sent in a flood of unfavorable reports. For
many of the counties where rain had fallen
only half a crop was claimed. The steady
Northwest buying looked as if the rain had
come almost too late. The situation in China
was also of some help tn the recovery. July
rallied during the forenoon to 74c. Later, on
profit -taking, it reacted to 73%c, but steadied
and ihe close was firm, July a shade up at
73>:''i73^c.
The corn market was firm and fairly active.
The opening was off half a cent on local sell
ing and sympathy with the wheat weakness.
July rallied over a cent and though there was
some reaction from the top the clos» was firm.
July closed a shade under yesterday at 3S%c.
Oats were quiet but firm. There was a good
outside demand which was caused mainly by
reported Injuries to the Northwest hay crop.
Dakota and Minnesota reports of the condition
in these States were unfavorable. July closed
unchanged at 22%c
Provisions were weak. Hog receipts were
largo and the selling pressure met a slack
demand. July pork closed 22%c under yester
day at $11 25; July lard. 12',4c down at $6 55,
and July ribs J2',i@15c depressed 'at {6 55.
The leading futures ranged as follows: .
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm 1
No. 3, 71®71 1 /4c; No. 2 red 75@7Cc; No. 2 corn
3Sy 4 @29%c; No. 2 yellow 39@39M:o; No. 2 oats,
23c; No. 2 white, 26c: No. 3 white. 25V{SJ25%c;
No. 2 rye, 57c; good feeding barley, 37^37V>c:
fair to choice malting. 4»@>43%e; No. 1 flaxseea,
$1 SO; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 80; prime timothy
seed, $2 35: mess pork, per barrel, J10 15@ll 30"
lard, per 100 lbs, $6 45©6 57Vi; short ribs sides
(loose), $6 45g6 80; dry Baited shoulders (boxed).
C'^C^c; short clear sides (boxed). $7 10@7 20;
whisky, basis of high wines. $1 23; clover, con
tract crade. $7 75Q:S. •
Chicago Grain Market.
Wednesday. June 13.
Stmr Tlllamook. Hughes, .
Bark Levl G Burgess, Your.grgren. Tacoma.
Bktn Portland, Anderson, New Whatcom.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, Bowens Landing.
Schr Lucy, Peterson. Umpqua.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 13, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW, velocity 14 miles per hour.
SPOKEN. .
May 12. iat 47 S, lon 63 W— Br bark Duareg
gan. from London, for Seattle.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Orizaba, from Seattle. June 13— Lat
40 09 N. lon 124 30 W, passed tugr Sea Lion, with
stmr J S Klmball In tow, from Everett, for Saa
Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, June 13— Hongkong telegraphs Br
Btmr Goodwin, from Tacoma, arrived after be
ing ashore. Bottom badly damaged.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed June 12— Br bark
Battle Abbey, from Port Gamble, ror Port
Plrie.
ERISTOL BAT— Arrived May 8— Strnr Presi
dent, hence April 17. May 17 — Schr Prosoer
hence March 15. May 18— Baric Will W Case,
hence April 11. May 19 — Stmr Rival, hence May
6. May 21— Ship Bohemia, hence April 14; ship
Tacoma, hence April 14; ship Eclipse, hence
April 19. May 23— Schr Premier, hence March
9. May 24 — Ship Indiana, hence April 22; ship
Servia. hence April 23. May 23— Bktn Willie H
Hume, hece April 30. May 28— Ship Oriental,
hence April IB. May 30— Bark Chaa B Kenney.
hence Arrll 29.
UMPQU A— Sailed June 11— Schr Sadie, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived June 13— Bktn Newsboy,
from Honolulu.
Sailed June 13— Schr Annie Larsen, for Saa
Pedro: bktn Ruth, for .
SEATTLE— Sailed June 12— Stmr City cj Se
attle, for Skazuay.
Arrived June 13 — Bktn Newsboy, from Ta
coma. .' . .* :
NEW WHATCOM-Salled June lS-Schr
Oceania. Vance, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed June 10— Scbr Vlkln*. for
Cape Nome. May 12— Schr Gotama. for San.
Francisco. June 13— Stmr Arcata. for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived June 13— Schr Western Home, hence
May 25.
Sailed June 13— Schrs James A Garfleld and,
Daisy Rowe, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 13— Br bark Lydgate.
for Queenstown; Br stmr Elm Branch, for
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 13—
Stmr Greenwood, from .
FORr BRAGG — Arrived June 12— Stmr Na
tional City, hence June 12.
EUREKA— Arrived June 13— Stmr Pomona,
hence June 12; schr Bertha Dolbeer. from San
SaU^d June 13— Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco; Br bark Helen Denny, for fcyrfhey.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 12— Stmr Ad
* halted June 12— Stmr Alllanea. for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DUBLIN— Arrived June 11— Br ship Cambus
kenneth, hence Jan 26; Br ship Glenholm, from
ITLEETWOOD— Arrived June 11— Br ship
Buteshire hence Jan 14.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 13— Br ship
Australian hence Feb 7.
Sailed June 12— Br 9hiD Falls of Afton, for
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to June 12— Stmr
Alameda. hence May 17; Br baric Adderley.
from Vancouver. - -
NANAIMO— Arrived June 12— Er stmr Robert
Adamron. hence June 6.
KIHEI— In port June 4— Schr Helen N Klm
ball, from Eureka; schr Defender, hence May
16 KAHULUI-Sailed May 25-Schr S T Ales
anOer. for San Frr.ncisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived May Sl-Sehr Carrier
Dove, from Port Townwnd.
Sailed June 1— Haw bark Andrew Welch, for
San Francisco. June 4— ?hlp M.P Grnce. for
Hadlock. June i— Schr John A Campbell, for
Port Townsead. May 31— Br bark City of Adel
aide, for Pueet Sound.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to June 13— Ger
stmr Mllos. from Seattle. •
RUNCORN— Arrived June 12— Fr bar:: Julea
Verne, from Oregon.
HULL— Arrived June 12— Ger ship Nereua.
from Ore^n.^^ STEAMERg
NEW YORK— Sailed June 13— Stmr Oceanic,
for Liverpool; stmr Hesperia, for Naples, etc;
etmr St Louis, for Southampton; stmr Fries
land, for Antwerp.
Wednesday. June 13.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Dleso; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr ilarlposa. Houdlette, Sydney and Hono
lulu; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br ship Kuphrosyne. Thomson, Queenstown;
Girvin & Eyre.
Br ship Grenada, Putt, Queenstown; Balfour,
Guthrle & Co.
Schr H C Wright, Olsen, Nome; American
Mercantile Co.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, June 13.
Stmr Cleone, Madsen. 15 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Westpcrt. Ericsson, 21 hours from. Bear
Harbor.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 14 hours from, Al
bion.
Stsir Orizaba. HInkle. 84 hour* from Seattle.
Brig Harriet G, Wayland. 23 days from ila&u
kona.
Schr Maxim, Olsen. 4 days from Eureka.
Schr Marion, Topfer, 11 days from Tacoma.
Schr Rio Rey, Johnson, 40 hours from llendo
cino.
Schr Newark, Beck, 14 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Ida McKay, Lethola, 4 days from Eu
reka.
• Schr Enterprise, Frltsch, 6>i days from Tll!a
mook.
DRIED FRUITS.
Demand for evaporated apples wai very slack
and sellers appeared to have full control of
the market. Owing to the light receipts, how
ever, prices remain at the old basis with the
tendency to go lower. California dried fruits
i ruled dull and nominal.
j STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-Common,
4"-4c: prime, o»*&6c; choice, 6*iS7c; fancy,
•vsesc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES — 3V^@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 12^@14c; Moorpark, 14
@lSc.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16520c; ur.peeled, 6®9c.
H I DKS— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. weak; No. 7 Invoice.
S^c; mild, market quiet and easy. Futures
closed steady and unchanged to 10 points net
higher: total sales. 20,000 bags. Including July,
$7 40<S7 45: August. $7 43(g7 50; September, $7 40
(37 CO: October. $7 40<@7 45; November, $7 45;
December. V 55® 7 6T..
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 11.SS7 packages; steady;
factory. 14glS*4c.
EGGS — Receipts. 11,835 packages; steady;
Western, loss off, 1354@14c; Western, at mark.
loettftc*
* . *
NEW YORK. June 13.-FLOUR-Rece!pts,
21.613; exports. 11,870; firm on choice brands
and fairly active in a bobbing way; Minnesota
patents, $3 83@4 20.
WHEAT— Receipts, 93,050 bushels: exports,
71,349 bushels; spot easy; No. 2 red, S3^4c f. o.
b. afloat spot; No. 2 red. SOc elevator; No. 1
Northern. SOUc f. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 1
hard Duluth. S2^ic f. o. b. afloat prompt. Op
tions opened weak under heavy realizing
caused by rains in the Northwest, but fully
recovered later on reports that the rainfall
had been too light to prove of much benefit
to wheat. The rally was also helped by pro
nounced strength In the Northwest. Closed
steady, with lJiflHic net decline; July, 76»4@
77%c, closed at 77 Ysc; September, 78 l-16@79Hc,
closed at "STic.
HOPS— Quiet.
New York Grain and Produce
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy. uns»t
tlcd weather, probably sliowfr*: fresh s-iuth
west uind. ALEXANDER G. McADlK.
Forecast Official.
Southern CalSfrrnia — Cloudy, unsettled
matter, with ehowers Thursday; light south
west winds.
Nevada— Showers Thursday.
Utah — Ehonfrs Thursday.
Ar:zon«— Fair Thursday.
Northern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather, with fog 'Hiuraday; fresh southwest
winds.
. The pressure continues low over the country
trest of the Rocky Mountains. An area of low
pressure overlies the northern half of the Pa
cific slope. During the j>ast 24 hours there has
been a fall of nearly two-tenths of an inch
In pressure in Oregon and Idaho.
The temperature has fallen frcm 12 to 10 de
frese over Eastern California and Nevada.
Thunderstorms are reported at many points
on the Pacific slope. #
L'.pht rain has fallen generally through Cali
fornia and Oregon.
Forecast mad" at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending roidnitht June 14. 1900:
(!20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 13. 5 r>. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. TX.Kan Luis Obispo CC
lied I!!uff 76] Los Argeles 66
Sacramento 74 San Di«-*o 66
Fresno *4 Mount Tamalpals 60
Independence M
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
t7; minimum. El; mean. 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Weather Report.
For Australia— SS2 r^cs drW fruit. i30 gals
whale oil. tZZ cs canned vegetables. 320 .pkjrs
timber. 11. 3<:; It>s hop*. 3 cs electrical supplies.
tl.r.t'4 T.>± Milestone, 45 rkgs candy. ;o cs canned
oyster* '." b*lei cordage, 37 rkgs *ecd, 103
jikKK salt fish. 10P.M3 lbs coffee. 42:. bxs evap
orated apples. 20 b\s starch. 14 cs rubber boots,
20 cs dry goods. » pkps phonograph goods. 33
c* canr.ed fruits. € cs spool silk, 23 pkes
leather. 11 tMs oil, "3 bhls asi'haltum, 12 kegs
white lead, 7 engines, f>40 rollg newspaper. 19
cs pev.-ins machines. 400 sks Germ^a, 12 cs
canned goods. IS crates bicycles, 3C3 pkRs hard
war?. Zi pkgs machinery. SO cs canned fish.
."".:»> ft fuse. S ]<kcs ironware. P20 R>s hops,
Z bbls Tvire. l ! > sks l>eans. SOO I'kps millstuft's.
}-..r New Zealand— 70ft cs canned fruit, la cs
dry poods. 4 jikgrs harness. 301 cs metal polish.
71 "cs liquors, »>. cr bicycles, Z", cs bicycle sun
dries. 7<>0 cs canned salmon. 13 pksrs hardware.
S pkgs confectionery. 15*"' fi )S bone ash. 7 cs
canned flsh. 6 pkps photograph Roods. 414 cs
dried fruits. ?* cs canned vegetables. 13 cs
rul-ber boots. 172 pkgs salt fish, 3404 fbs coffee.
5 cs plat*^ ware. S cs dental goods, 410 rolls
newspaper. 24 pkgs groceries. !» p^gs machin
ery. 3 engines. 10 bbis 2 cb oil. 2 cs phono
graph gooils, 4 bxs Cash registers, 2 : J kecs
litharge. 24 tus evaporated fruit. 'jZ cs sheep
<Jiji. JO cs broom corn. 4 cs printing material,
3 cs paint. 3 cs shoes, 3 cs eoap.
For South Sea Isiands— 36 cs canned fjoods,
IT iKjrs building material, S pkgs hardware.
451 rltrs naval stores. 10 cs canned oysters.
18 <fc canned vegetables, 16 cs canned flsh. 76
cs canned fruits. 22 cs canned meats. 8 rkgs
dried fruit, 6 sks beans. 173 cs canned salmon.
10 cs 4'J0 tt.s meals. :3.7«0 lbs rice. 121 pkgs
groceries, I> cs ccal oil, 8 bdls tools. 4-"" r>s
bread. (i0 bbls flour, 27 £ks pjtatoes, i cs cab
bage. 2 cr bicycles.
The Fteair.er Ivlarlpopa, which cleared yes
t<raay for Australia carried a cargo of prn
eral ir.erchar.dife valued as follow?: For
Australia, IS1.C43; for New Zealand. J27.7CS:
for Booth Sea Inlands. fT«14; total value. $*•«.-
Ko. Among the principal shipments were the
follnwir.K:
Merchandise for Australia.
The Britirh 'hip EuphroEyne cleared jrtWtCT
day for Qiiwn.nown for orders, with 63,<j<5
centals of v.heat valued at JG3.233. and £u,000
fe^t cf lumber dunnage valued at $100; total
value. ?CT..C3o.
The British thip Grenada, which cleared yes
terday for Quwnftowu for orders, carried £2.CC3
ctls wheat, valued at J77.S5C. and S3.0C0 f: Uim
bor dunnage, valued at i'M; total value, ?7Mi0.
JVhcat Exports.
An additional manifest has been reported for
t!-.e Gerroan steamer Luxor, which sailed Mon
day for Hamburg ani way ports. The ad
cition consisted of thirty-fix horses, valued at
f3C0O. to be landed at San Jose de Guatemala.
Horse Shipment.
The echooner Philippine loads lumber at Ta
c:r.a for Honolulu.
Charters.
mediate future of the money market. Sugar
and the New York City stocks shared in the
strength of the day's market.'
The bond market was dull and irregular.
Total sales, par value. $1,100,000.
United States os advanced 'i and the new
4s «J in the Md price.
NEW YOltK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
EoM. Stook— Bid.
6.655 Atchison 2CV4
10.410 Atchiscn prefd 72V«
S.7G0 Baltimore & Ohio 78%
Canadian Pacific 92»i
2'0 Canada Southern 51
4i»0 ».'hei.aj>eake & Ohio 26?i
1.VS0 Chicago Great Western 10;»
Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 124*4
250 Chicago. Ind & Louisville 20
Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 51
Chicago & Eastern Illinois, ex dlv... 93
200 Chicago & Northwestrn 157'4
2.3J0 ChlcaBO. Rock Inland & Faciflc 106%
100 C C C & St Louis ISVi
i«0 Colorado Southern 6U
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 44*4
400 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 1SH
Delaware & Hudson 11154
Delaware. Lackawanna & Western.. ITS
&« Denver & Rio Grande 17"i
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 67
100 Krie 1114
1U0 Kric 1st rrefd 35U
100 Oreat Northern prefd 156
Hocking Coal J3'i
200 Hocking Valley 35
Illinois Central 111%
110 Iowa Central 17\i
Iowa Central rrefd 45
6.500 Kansas City. I'iltsburg & Gulf 16U
Lak- Erie & Western 2S> 4
L:ike Erie & Western prefd 93
Lake Shore 212
2.2W Louisville & Nashville 7&%
6.tS>0 Manhattan Elevated 90%
C«O Metropolitan Street RaJlway 154*4
4<h1 Mexican Central I2ig
3..M0 Minneapolis & St Louis , 57*i
169 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 92
7.000 Missouri Pacific 62'i
Mobl!* & Ohio 3S
Missouri, Kansas & Texas 10',^ |
Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd 32',-.
320 New Jersey Ontrai 122
1.217 New York Central 131
3.270 Norfolk & Western 34Vi
Norfolk & Western prefd 76
S.IOd Northern Pacific 57t*
SJO Northern Pacific prefd 74%
600 Ontario & Western 20«i
Orepon Railway & Navigation 42
Orejion Ry & Navigation prefd 76
2.610 Pennsylvania 127H
CV) K*-ariins 17V»
1T.S2O Heading 1st prefd 5S"i
340 Reading 2d prefd 29>i
ICO Rio Grande Western 5S
Kin Grande Western prefd S7%
Pt Louis & San Francisco 9%
St I^ouis & San Fran 1st prefd 6S
St Louis & Pan Fran 2d prefd S3'4
St Louis. Southwestern 9%
C40 St Louis. Southwestern prefd 14'i
S.325 St Paul 114"*
Bt Paul prefd.. 171
Rt Paul & Omaha 118
2, MX) Southern Pacific 33%
730 Southern Railway ll 1^
1.210 Southern Railway prefd 534
W)0 Texas & Pacific 15*4
l,-?.r, fnion Pacific 54
C30 Union Pacific rrefd 73'i
Wabash 7% I
2.QG4 Wabash prefd IS 7 , j
?00 Wheeling & L E 8%
1.0.V) Wheeling i- L K "2d prefd 14
400 Wisconsin Central 14'4
Express Companies —
Adams 117
American 133
United Ptatfs 45
Wells Fartro 120
300 American Cotton Oil 33'i
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
ICO American Malting 3}fc
American Malting prefd 20
l.iriO American .Smelting & Uet ,... 36V4
500 American Smelting & Ref prefd 83V4
American Pplrils 2V4
American Spirits prefd 17
375 American Steel Hoop 20Vj
200 American Steel Hoop prefd : 70
3.S20 American Steel & Wire 34%
7">0 American Steel & Wire prefd 74*4
l'"0 American Tin Plate 21Vi
1^0 American Tin Plate prefd 73 "
3,0Ch) American Tobacco > ji«£
American Tobacco prefd 129
• 2<V) Anaconda Mininjr Co <0H
fi.3f<0 Krooklyn Rapid Transit 69^,
L.9M Colorado Fuel & Iron 33*j,
2.6S0 Continental Tobacco 24 1 *.
240 Continental Tobacco prefd S0'4
S.4S0 Ffderal Steel 33
500 Koderal Steel prefd 66 I
General Electric 134V4 I
Glucose Sugar 47'
Glucose Sugar prefd 97
£.150 International Paper 24'4
6C0 International Paper prefd: 67
Laclede Gas 73
4M National Biscuit 29
National Biscuit prefd so
4 SO National Lead 191^
]f>0 National Lead prefd Sfiii
7<"0 National Steel ->7ii
100 National Steel prefd 87^,
New York Air Brake 126
C.F.40 North American 1514
320 Pacific Coast 5114
Taclflc Coast 1st prefd S3
Jf"O Pacific Coast 2d prefd C0>*
370 Pacific Mall 26
lO.&iO People's Gas .* 99^
Pressed Steel Car 45
Pressed Steel Car prefd 73
Pullman Palace Car isx
3<v> Standard Rope & Twine 5
20,800 Sugar •• H6 T 4
Sugar prefd m'
E.7I0 Tennessee €oal & Iron '. 63U
3.44R United States Leather 91!
400 United States Leather prefd C9
&C0 fnlted States Rubber " 25*4
300 United States Rubber prefd ; 93
273 Western Union ' en
2,429 Republic Iron ic Steel "" 11
200 Republic Iron Steel prefd " kb
P C C & Et Louis "* £«u
110 Third Avenue IIIIlCT
CLOSING BONDS.
U Sis ref reg...'...103 M K & 1' 2ds 67W
Do coupon 103 Dn 4k CAT4
D S 2s reg 100 N Y Cent UtiH:r**lu2
U S 2s reg 109 N J Cent gen 68..120U
I. S 3s coup 109 Northern Pac 3s... 67'
t; S new 4s reg 134T4 Do 4s 104U
V S new 4s coup. . .134^4 X Y C ft St L 4s. .106
U S old 4s reg 114U N & W con 4s...:. S7
V H old 48 coup....llj'i Or Nav lst« 109
U S 5s reg 11311, Do 4s 1021'
U B 5s coup 113'4 Or Short Line C»...12S
Dis of Col 3. COs 123 Do con 5s 113H
Atchison gen 4s.... 100% UendUK Gen 4s SS 3 *
Do adj 4s R4 IROWlsts 99%
Canada Sou 2ds....lCCVjjS L & I M con Ss Iio4
Chcs & Ohio 4V4s....99^'S L & S F Gen 6s 125
Do -Is 116 jSt Paul con 'l70<4
C & N con 7s mttjSt P C & P lsts...l20
Do S F Deb 5s.:.117i4J Do Es 1191,;
Chicago Term 4s... 93 (Southern Pac 4s.. &0m!
Colorado Sou 4s.... 85^4 'Southern Rv 5s . ui-v
D & It G lsts 1C2 , Stand R & T 6s " 71
I>° 4s S9>,4,Tex & Pac latl.Tr.U2U
E T V & G lsts.;..I03»ii Do 2ds 55
Trie Gen 4s........ 71H.!u n i on Pac 4s....'.!!lOCV4
T W &. D C IMS... "O'iiWabash lstB 1148?
General Elcc 5s 117»,i! Do 2rt« ioiu
Iowa Cent lsts 112 (West Shore 4s... 114
K C 1' & a lsts.... 71H|wis Cent lsts....".". 90».i
L & N Unl 4s lOOViiVa Centuries 92^
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 17iOntario 7 qo
<"rown Point .:.... C7 Ophir 66
Con Cal & Va 1 3-1 Plymouth 10
Dead wood M> Quicksilver 1 ro
Gould & .Curry.... * 10 Do prefd 750
Hale & Norcross.. 27 i Sierra Nevada 2 CO
Homest.ike 53 C0| Standard 3 60
Iron Silver... C0,Union Con 13
Mexican lSiYellow Jacket 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Monc7 — (Rubber 5 241:
Call loans.. 2 @3|Union Pacific 5414
Time loans... ...... 25i«i;*| West End 93'
Stucks — I Bonds — • •
Atch T & St Fe.. 26V*' Atchlson 4s.. 100
Do prefd 77M»JN K Gas & C 5s... 03
American Sugar. ..116% I Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone.... 3f>0 JAdventure ..¦: 3>£
Boston & Albany..23S JAm.il Copper . Sti^
Boston Elevated. ..138- Atlantic 22
Boston & Maine. ..191 Boston & Mont... .300
C B & Q 12774 Butte & Boston 04
Dominion Coal..... 40 Calumet & Hecla.728
- Do prefd 117 Centennial 1 16%
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on th >
United States Coast Survey charts, except
"when a minus sisro < — ) precedes the heleht.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the death given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
WEDNESDAY. Juno 13—4 p m
Bld.Ask: Bld « V.
Alpha 03 05 Justice « ™
Alta 03 05 Kentuck _ 0 ,
Andes 06 07 Ldy Washlngtn 02 03
Belcher 19 zliMexlcan n »•»
Best & Belcher !6 2SjOccidental . 12 il
Bullion 01 02;Ophir 74 ~
Caledonia 1 15 1 20 Overman .... 17 -is
Chollar 20 21 Potosl ?0 -1
Challenge Con . 13 13;Savage i 6 Ti
Confidence 65 70!Scorpion : ni
Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 55 Seg Belcher ....* 01 (r
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada »9 ~7i
Con New York — . 04 Silver Hill ..." « iA
Eureka Con — 60i St Louis _ ij
Crown Point.... 07 09 Standard 4 25 4 (o
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate — m
Gould & Curry. 13 14!UnlonCon 20 n
Hale & Norc.... 26 IS Utah 13 fj
Julia 01 W2 Yellow Jacket". 13 \\
Do gntd 6s.. — — Lon P & A 132V4 —
L A cntd 5a. ..100 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A P K R 53.102% — Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st 6s. ..123 — Savings Banks-
Do 1st M 5s. 118% — Ger S & L....1S90 —
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Hum S & L.. — —
N R of Cal 6s.ll5%117 Mut Sav Bk.. 45 —
Do Ss — 118 S F Sav U 505 —
N P C R R 63.101 — Sav & L So.... 74 73
Do 5s — 109 Sec Sav Bk.... — —
N Cal R R 6s JU - Union. T Co.... - -
Oak G L&Hos.lll — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6s..llS%120 California 122 125
Oak W Co 5s.. — — Geary-st 50 —
Oceanic S 5a.. — 107% Market-st Ry. 62T4 63»4
Om C Ry 6s..l2S — O S L & H... 45 50
P & Cl Ry 63.101ft - Presidio 15 21
P & O R R 6s. 115 — Powder Stocks—
¦ Powell-st R 68.120 — California 160 17I>
Sac L & GR5s. — — Giant Con Co.. 87 83
5 F & SJV 5S.113V4120U Vigorit 2% 3
6 Ry of Cal 6s.lllK — Sugar Stocks—
S P of A 6s. ..114 — Hana S P Co. 8 5^4
Do (1905) ....110 110% Haw C & S Co — —
Do (1306) 111%113 Honokaa R Co. 33% M^i
Do <1912) 11S» 122»4 Hutch S P Co. 25% 2S
B P Br 6s 130 — Kilauea S Co. 20^ —
S V Water 6s.. 113 115*4 M*kawell S Co 47H 47%
Do 4s 103 103V. Onomea S Co. 27*» 23
Do 3d mtg...l01%101?s Paauhau S Co. 31^ —
Stocktn Gas 6s 93 — Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn.ll7HH3
Contra Costa.. 71% — Cat Fruit Asn. 97H 99%
Marln County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 1"<>
Eprlng Valley. 95 95H Oceanic 8 Co.. 92Vi 94
Gas A Electric— Pac A F A.... > —
Cent G L Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co.143%146%
rent L * P 3»4 — Par Pain Co.. 10 —
Equit G L Co. 2U —
Mornlnr Session.
Board—
E0 Oakland Gas 47 W
30 Pacific Gas Imr> 46 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 23
5 Spring Valley Water' 93 12&
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 72 00 .
165 Honokaa S Co 33 37H
50 Honokaa S Co. b 3 33 37%
60 Kilauea S P Co 20 50
60 Makaweli S Co 47 50
10 Market Street Railway 63 0>>
5 Oakland Gas 47 12%
55 Oakland Gas '. 47 CO
100 Paauhau S P Co 31 25
10 Pacific Gas Imp 46 00
25 Pacific Coast Borax 146 30
40 Pacific Coast Borax 146 (sf>
15 Spring Valley; Water 95 12%
Street—
5 Oakland Gas 47 00
$2000 Spring Valley 6s 113 23
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornln~ Session.
Beard—
15 Blue Goose 15 00
60 Caribou 23
100 Kern River IS CO
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Home Oil, b 30 4 60
30 Home Oil 4 60
60 National O & D Co 6 20
MINING STOCKS.
The followlnz were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day : .
Mornln? Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 27, 500 Con Cal & Va.l 50
500 Bullion 02 300 Ophir 72
100 Chollar 20i 100 Silver Hill 26
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha J 04 200 Mexican 21
250 Con Cal & Va..l So .100 Ophir 73
300 Crown Point OS 300 Savage 17
1C0 Gould & Curry. 13
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock and Exchanse Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 27] 400 Ophir .*.' 73
1100 Con New York. 02 400 Savage 16
200 Crown Point ... OS 200 Savage 17
300 Gould & Curry. 12 300 Silver Hill .... 37
200 Hale & Norc... 23
Afternoon Session.
300 Alpha Con 04 300 Silver Hill 3S
200 Crown Point.... OS 500 Silver Hill 39
200 Gould & Curry- 13 100 Utah 13
200 Ophir 74
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. June IS— 2 »j. m.
Bid. Ask. ' Bld.Ask.
4s quar couD..115^ill5\ Mutual El Co. s^i 11
4s do reg......ll4'ill4\ O GL4H.... 46% 47%
4a do cp new..l34%135 Pac L Co 43 441,
(s do coup lua 10914 Pac Gas Imp.. 46 —
Miscellaneous— S F G & E 47 47%
Cal-st Cab 5S..113 — San Francisco. *hi —
C C Water Cs. 109^4 — Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Ed L & P 6S..12SH — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s. .US — Firem's Fund.22S —
Geary-st R £s. — 99 Bank Stocks —
HC & S 5Hs- — — A.nglo-Cal Ltd. 63 67
Do 5s — 106 Bank of Cal.. — 4 —
L A Ry 5s 104%105 Cal S D & T.105 -
L A Lt Co 6s. — — First Natlonl. — 290
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
There was hardly anything doing on any of
the exchanges yesterday morning and • there
were no changes to report.
Business was rather better In the afternoon
at steady prices. , , ,
The Crown Point Mining Company haa levied
an assessment of 5 cents.
In the monthly reports for June 3 of tne
Alaska Mexican and Alaska United mines the
former reports the crushing of 13,i.i tons ore
by 120 stamps in twenty-eight and a half days,
yielding $21,156, and 221 tons sulphurets. yield
ing $3766. Total receipts were $26,662. and the
expenses $16,977. The average of the ore was
$1 94 per ton. The latter company reports
16.977 tons ore crushed by 220 stamps In thirty
and a half days, yielding $37,445. and 603 tons
suiphurets, valued at $13.SS4. The average of
the ore was $2 02 per ton. The receipt* were
$55,928. and the expenses $39,673.
LIVERPOOL, June 13. -WHEAT— Spot, dull;
No. 1 Northern spring, 6s; No. 1 California, 6s
2d@'6s 3d. Futures— Easy; July. 5s 10%d; Sep
tember. 5s lOTgd; December, nominal.
CORN— Spot,, steady; American mixed new,
3s lO^d. Futures— Quiet; July 3s lO^d; Septem
ber, 3s lOvsd.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, steady, 7s
9d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, June 13.— Consols, 101 7-16. Silver,
27 ll-16d. French Rentes, lOlf 22Hc. Cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 Stand
ard California, 29s: cargoes Walla Walla, 2Ss
6d; English country markets, generally 11s
LIVERPOOL, June 13.— WHEAT— Quiet; No.
1 Standard California, 6s 2d@63 ( 2Vid; wheat In
Paris, weak; flour in . Paris, weak; French
country markets, steady. s**I • SSSSTIKE
COTTON— Uplands. 4 31-32d.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June 13.— WHEAT— Steady and un
changed; Bluestem, 56c; Club, 54c, both for ex
port.
PORTLAND, June 13— WHEAT- Steady, with
fair business doing; Walla Walla, 545J55c; Val
ley, 54c; Bluestem, E6@57c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market'.
PORTLAND. June 13.— Clearings, $367,472;
balances. $52,030.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK. June 11.— While steady in tone,
the first sales showed the cotton market to be
unchanged on most options. Predictions for a
high Liverpool market to-morrow caused a firm
market later and the close was steady at a
net advance of 5(510 points.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. June 13.— The demand for tin
In the local market for metals was moderate,
prompted by better cables from London and
the slight falling off In the receipts. . The close,
however, was no better than dull and nom
inally at $30. Lead ruled weak and unsettled,
showing a decline of 1H points on a basis of
$3 72%@3 77H- Spelter ruled weak on unfavor
able reports from abroad and closed weak at
$4 £'@4 35. Lake copper was dull at $16 30.
Pig iron warrants were unsettled at $15. nom
inal. The brokers' price for lead was $3 60
and for copper $16x50.
New York Metal Market.
BOSTON, June 13.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: As for the
time for the opening of the light weight sea
son draws nearer consumers of wool are natur
ally more inclined to look over the market and
quite a number of them have been In during
the past week, testing prices for such wools
as they are likely to want. As a result there
has been more activity, the sales of the w»ek
asgreiratinK slightly over 2,000,000 pounds. Al
though It is thought that this is a forerunner
for larcer transactions in wool it Is believed
that consumers will purchase very cautiously
until> more definite knowledge is at hand as to
how the light weight season is open. The de
mand has shown more preference for medium
and low wools, fine wool being draggy. Prices
are practically unchanged. In the territories
the situation has been subject to very little
change, but In a few cases an inclination to
weaken haa been noticeable among the grow
ers. 4
Boston Wool Market.
CHICAGO, June 13.— Porter Bros. Company's
Bales: Prunes— Tragedy, $1 90@2 25. Plums—
Burbanks, $1 20®2 05, single crates; red June,
$1 S3©1 SO; Abundance, $1 60: Yosabe. $1 10@l 65;
Clymans, |i 05@l 30: Royal Hetive, $1@1 25;
Ogon. $125: St. Catherine, 95c@$l 20. Peaches—
Hale's early, $1 15 box: Alexander, 90c@$l 20.
Cherries— Royal Anne, 50c®$l 20; Bigareau, 35c
@$1 05: Centennial, 25®8Oe: Tartarians. 25ciS'$l.
Apricots — Montframet, $1 20<3*l 35, single crates;
Royal, 95c® $115. Pears— Colonel Wilder, 60c,
half boxes.
.NEW YORK. June 13.— Porter Bros. Com
pany's sales. of California fruit: Plums— Ogon
averaged $3 12%, single crate; red June, $1 25®
1 50; Clymans. 75c<g$l 35; St. Catherine, 90c;
Cherry, 80c. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 45@2 37, sin
gle crate. . Cherries— Royal Anne, 20c@$l 35;
Tartarians, - 20@80c; other varieties. 15® 65c.
Cherries arrived in poor condition. Apricots —
Royals, 60®S0c. single crates; Montgamets. 75c;
Newcastles, 35@45c. Apricots overripe. Peaches
—Alexander, 60©S0c; Briggs May, 60@65c.
CHICAGO, June 13.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California fruit
sold at auction to-day: Apricots— Royals, small
crates. 96c@$l 10. Plums— Clymans, $1 20©
1 25, average. $1 22. Prunes — Tragedy, $1 60®
2 SO, average $2 04. Cherries — Royal Anne, S0c<g>
$1 30, average $1 10; Tartarians. I5c@$l 20, aver
age 61c. Weather wet, unfavorable.
BOSTON, June 13.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California 'fruit at auction to
day were as follows: Cherries— Royal Anne,
$1 10® 1 25, average $1 22; Tartarians. C5c@
$1 05, average 79c; Centennials, 75c(ff$l 10, aver
age 98c; Blsgareau, 45c@$l 15, average 71c.
Two cars sold to-day. Favorable weather.
NEW YORK. June 13.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Califor
nia fruit sold at auction to-day: Prunes — Trag
edy, small crates, $1 70@2 80. average $2 30.
Plums, Red June, small crates, $1 2o@l 75, aver
age $1 38; Clymans 90c@Jl 55. average $1 33.
Apricots— Royals, small crate, 65c@?l 25, aver
age S5c. Cherries— Royal Anne, 75c2?$l S5.
average $1 OS: Tartarians, 30c© $2 25. average
75c; Blgarreau, 65c@$l 25, average $1 09;
Oregons, 5(X§:S0c. average 61c; Spanish, aver
age 29c. Favorable weather. Twelve cars sold
to-day.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Light trading in local stocks and bonds.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat loii'cr and quieter. Barley dull.
Oats and Rye in fair demand. Rye Corn dull.
Hay, Beans and Seeds as preziously quoted.
Mutton iirm at full figures. Beef and Veal unchanged.
Hogs coming in from the East again, but still scarce.
Butter and Eggs firm at the advanced quotations.
Poultry stands, about the same, zvith lighter stocks.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables featureless.
Nothing new in fresh or dried Fruits.
Provisions continue zi-cak and irregular.
Hides depressed at the decline.
vertiser's London financial cablegram eays:
The markets here were quiet and irreg[Ular to
day, investment securities being depressed by
fears of dearer money and the Issue by the
London County Council of a nve-million 3 per
cent loan at 97H- This Is the first time a
fixed price has been adopted. Previously ten
ders have been asked. The favorable war news
failed to affect general sentiment. Americans
were more favored, London, however, await
ing the Northern Pacific dividend as a clew
to the spring wheat condition, thinking that if
the condition is bad the dividend will be 1 per
cent, while the declaration of 2 per cent will
mean that the rumors of damage have been
exaggerated. London is Inclined to pin its
faith on the Southwestern crops even if the
spring crop falls. It thinks the bears are clos-
Inc their contracts In New York. Baltimore
and Ohio was strong on its montjily statement.
The bank sold £100,000 gold in French coin
and lost £5000 to South Africa. The selling
price of French coin will probably be raised
to-morrow. Call money was up too, owing to
the war loan Installment pa>ment.
LONDON. June 13.— The an;ount of bullion
withdrawn from the Rank ot England on bal
ance to-day was £105.000.
CLOSING.
LONDON, June 13.— Atchison, 27; Canadian
Pacific. 95H; Union Pacific preferred, 75>4;
Northern Pacific preferred, 75%; Grand Trunk,
7: Anaconda, S%; Rand mines, 40&; bar silver,
steady, 27 l-16d per ounce.
NEW YORK, June 13.— The Commercial Ad-
WASHINGTON, June 13.— To-day'B state
ment of the treasury balance shows: Avail
able cash balance, $146,4G6,920; gold, $72,183,419.
London Market.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. June 13.— Money on call easy
at 1%!?J2 per cent; last loan, 1% per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3H@4U "per cent. Sterling
exchange steady, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 S7%i&4 87H for demand and at
$4 84T&<&4 S5 for sixty days: posted rates, $4 8514
and Ji SS',i; commercial bills. $4 84U- SilVer
certificates, G0(gcOM.c; bar silver. 60Uc. Mexican
dollars, 47V4c State bonds, firm; Government
bonds, stronger; railroad bonds, irregular.
Nrjv York Money Market.
Federal Steel 32% Franklin "SVh
Do^refd 6C Humboldt : 50
Fltchburg prefd...l3.'Va Oseeola 60
General Electric... 134 Parrot 39^4
Ed Elec 111 200 Qulncy 135
Mexican Central... 12 Sante Fe Copper.. -4tf
N E Gas & Coke.. 16U Tamarack ISO
Old Colony 206 Utah Mining 26
Old Dominion : 16',4 Winona ." 2\k
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 36,000; to-morrow,
30.000. estimated; left over, 8000; market 6@10c
lower, closing weak; top, $5 15; mixed and
butchers, $4 9005 12%; good to choice heavy,
$5 10@5 15; rough heavy, M 95@5 05: light. $4 9a
®5 17H; bulk of sales. $5 07» / i@5 12tf. .
SHEEP— Receipts, 16,000: sheep and lambs,
good to choice, firm; others slow; good to
choice wethers, $4 7505 25; fair to choice mixed,
$3 75®4 90; Western" sheep, $4 60®5 20; yearlings,
$5 3506; native lambs, $5®6 80: Western lambs,
$6@6 80; spring lambs, $6@7 60 > -
500; opened steady to stronger, \ closing lower;
butchers' stock, firm. Natives— Best on sale
to-day, one carload at $5 85; good to prime
steers, $5 25@3 85; poor to medium, $4 6C@o 10;
selected feeders, weak except choice. $4 30@4 90;
mixed stockers, lower, $3 40@4; cows, $3@4 ,o\
heifers, J3 25@5 25; canners, $2 40@3; - bulls, $3®
4 50; calves, $5@7. Texans— Receipts, 500; best
on sale, three . carloads Texan heifers, $o lo:
Texas fed steers, $4 65<§>5 30; Texas bulls, $3 SO®
4 EO. " . " •
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San -Quentln Bags. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain "\ Bags, _6%c; Wool Bags, 2S%6'32Hc-
Fleece .Twine. 7V4c • ...
COAL-Welllngton, $5 per ton; new WelUng-
Mutton Is flrm at the revised prices. Hogs
ar« coming In from the East agalir. but not In
sufficient quantities to affect, the market. Lo
cal Hoks bid 1 fair to remain scarce for some
little time to come.
BEEF— 5>4S6Vic per IV for fair to chcice \
VEAL— Large. 8@9c; small. 9®9>4c per lb
". MUTTON— Wethers, ~&V&c: ewes, 6%^tc per
pound. > - - ... ¦
LAME— Spring, S\i@0c; yearlings, 7'/4®Sc per
pound*
.PORK— Live Hogs." 6c for small. 3%$?5?4c for
medium and o J ,4@6%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5^4c ; dressed Hogs, 7@9c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
Hides and Tallow are depressed and neglected
at the decline, already noted.
HIDES 'AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc . under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers.' 10oi medium. 9c; .light, S^c; Cowhides,
S%®9c: stlgs. 7c; Salted Kip, S%c; Calf. 9Hc;
Dry Hides. . sound. 17c; culls and brands. 14c;
Dry Kip and Veal. 15c; Dry Calf. 17c: Sheep
skins. Shearlings, 20ft. 10c each: short Wool. 35®
60c each; medium, 70ig>90c: long Wool, $1©1 50
each; Horse "Hides, $1 75<52 for large and 75c@
$1 25 for small: Colts. 23<ffi3Oc. Deerskins—Sum
mer or red skins. 37V4@4Oc; fall or medium
skins. 32Hi7r35c: winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c: medium, 35c. '¦ ¦ ¦ ' -
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2.
3Hc: refined. Gc: grease. 2Vi@3c. *
WOOL— Spring clip ? is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 15@I8c; Northern defective. 13
@Uc;. Middle County, free, 15@17c: Middle
County, defective, 13@15c; Southern Mountain,
12 months', 12<@)13c; Southern Mountain,, free.
7 months'. ll@13c: Southern Mountain, defec
tive^? months'. 10@12c: Humboldt and Mendo
clno. .17ffJ19c; Nevada, 14$J17c per lb.
• HOPS— Nominal at C@llc per lb: new, 10c.
• The situation remains as previously noted.
Competition is as keen as ever.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10©10%c per lb for
heavy. lOUfflO^ic for light medium. 1134c for
Hsrht. 12V4c for extra light and 14%e for sujtar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12@13c;
Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra Mess. $13; Family,
$14; extra Prime Pork, $16; extra, clear. $19;
Mess, $1« 50: Smoked Beer. 12%@13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and SV4c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
8*e: lO-'.b tins. 9^c; 5-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 8%@$%c per lb; half
barrel*. 8y*@S%c; 10-lb tins. 9%c.
Provisions.
It is reported that 7%c is being bid for Apri
cots, July delivery. In the Santa Clara Valley.
DRIED FRUITS— Old crop— Prunes, In sacks,
4®4«c for 40-50's. 3%@3Sic for 50-60' s. 3«i@3Hc for
fO-70's. 3(S3V4c for 70-80. 2%i3'3c for S0-90"s and
2%®2%c for 90-100" s. Peaches. «H<3'4%c for Stand
ards, 5c for choice and 5%<56c f Or fancy; Peeled
Peaches 10«i v 12V4c; Evaporated Apples, 5V4@6c;
sun-dried. 3@4c per lb; Pears. 3U@H4c for dark
and "@Sc for bright halves; Black Fi^fe. lfigic:
Figrs. 2®3c; Bleached Plums. "V4c; Un
bleached Plums, 6c for pitted and l'ic for un-
P NEW CROP— Apricots, 7%®Sc per lb here and
7c In the country. ' . i
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb 10c; choice. &c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb. -8%c; choice, 7%c; standard, 6>£c;
prime Be; unbleached Sultanas, fie; Seedless,
BO-lb boxes. Be; 2-crown. loose Muscatels, 5Vic:
3-crown, 6V»c: 4-crown, 7c; London Layers. 2
crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 6a Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 60; Imperial. $3. All
price* are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, S®9c for Standards and 9®
10c for softshells; Almonds, lU4@12c for paper
shell. 9@10c for soft and 40:5c for hardshell;
Peanuts, 5«i®6%c for Eastern and 5c for Califor
nia; Brazil Nuts, 7%@Sc; Filberts, 12gl2%c;
Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12«4®13c for bright and 11®
12c for light amber; water white extracted. 7Vi@
"•4c; light amber extracted. 6%@7c; dark, 6c
Pe BEESWAX-24@26c per lb.
The feature of yesterday's market was the
sudden Increase in the receipts of Figs, which
resulted in lower prices. Grapes from Yuma
were held at ?2 25@2 50 per crate, with no sales
reported.
Peaches «nd Apricots were higher. Apricots
in bulk sold up to $40 per ton to the trade. The
canners have not yet begun to buy. here to any
extent,- though some sold on this account yes
terday at No® 17 50.
Berries were lower and depressed all around.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS— 50<J?75c per box for Royals: in
baskets. 2O»ff40c. In bulk. $20@40 per ton to the
trade and ¦flo'520 to the canners.
APPLES— Green Apples. 25®5Oc per box and
15<g23c per basket 'and 40075c for Red Astra -
Chans, larjre boxes.
PEARS— Madeline, in small boxee, 10@23c per
box: in baskets. 10«?25c.
PLUMS— 20@C0c per box and crate; Cherry
Plums 20®25c for drawers and 23@40c for boxes.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50«?3 50 per chest for
larpe and $3(36 for small berries.
GOOSEBERRIES— H41j3}4c per lb for com-
RASPBERRIES— $2 75@6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 hO@i per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES — $4®5 per chest.
CURRANTS — $2 50<S4 per chest.
FIGS — Per box, 50Q75c for single and 90c(g
$160 "for double layers.
PEACHES— 50c@$l per box and 60@75c per
basket.
CHERRIES — S0??50c per box for black: Royal
Anne. 50@60c. In bulk, 2V4@4c for black and 4Q>
Be for Royal Anne.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 5OS2 50
per box; Seedlings. $1@1 75;. Valenclas. $3g3 50;
Lemons. $1<515O for common and $2@2 50 for
pood to choice: Mexican Limes. $4: Bananas.
$150(^3 per bunch; Pineapples, $3 50114 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruit;.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 19V4S20c; sec
onds, 18?"n9c. '
Dairy— Fancy, 13c; good to choice, 16%@17*$c;
common, 14@15c.
CHEESE— New, 8®9c: Youns America, 9@
9%e: Eastern. 16@17c: Western. 13@16c per lb.
EGGS — Quoted at 14@13Hc for store and 17®
20c per dozen lor ranch; Eastern, 15%@16c.
The advance In Butter has led dealers to order
some from the East, and several cars are al
ready on the way. Fine creamery continues
firm.
Ekrs are flrm at the noted advance. Cheese
Is steady, though there Is rather more on the
market.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ]G@llc for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1@1 50; Goslings, $1@1 50; Ducks, $4@5 for
old and $4®5 for young; Hens. $4@5; young
Roosters. $W6; Old Roosters, $3 5004; Fryers.
J4@4 50: Broilers. $3<S3 50 for large and $2@2 2o
for email: Pigeons, $125*3150 per dozen for old
and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
A car of Eastern came In and cleaned up.
Local stock continued quiet at. previous prices.
Poultry and Game.
POTATOES— Oregon Burbanks. 85c@$l: New
Potatoes. 5Oc«?Sl In Backs and 50c®$l In boxes.
ONIONS— New Red, 20®60c; Sllversklns. 30c@
$1 per ctl. -
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, BOctJl 50 per
sack and $1 J5®1 75 per crate for Vacavllle and
l£@20c per. dbzen for bay; Rhubarb, 50@73c per
bcx: Asparagus. 75c@|l per box for No. 2 and
SI 25@1 JO for No. 1 and $1 1a<&2 25 for fancy
large; Green Peas. 75c@$l 25 per sack; String
Btans. 2H@4c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes. $1@
1 25; Egg Plant from Los Angeles. 6@7c; Dried
Okra. 32%c per lb: Green Peppers. 15c; Dried
Peppers. S@10e: Carrots. 25@35c per sack: Sum
mer Squash. 25@50c per box for Vncnvltl» ina
75c®$l for Alameda; Cucumbers, $1@1 25 for
Alameda and 5O(g65c per box lor Marysville,
new Garlic 3@4c per lb.
Australian Onions are cleaned up. Red
Onions are weak, but Sllversklrs are firm. Po
tatoes and Vegetables are about the same.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. $1 9OS2 20; Canary. 3!-.c
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 2H03c; Hemp. 4@l«4c;
Timothy. 4@4%e. , nn
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 90®2 25; Green. $1 90
<Q2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is nothing new to report.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 85@3; small White, $3 25©
3 40; large White, $2 75@3; Pink. $2 50@2 9?:
Red, $2 60@3; Blackeye, $3 50@3 73; Butters,
nominal; Lima $3 30@5 40; Pea, $3 40@3 50; Red
Kidneys. IV<U 50.
Everything remains as before quoted.
BRAN— $12 50@13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J17@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $15016 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; Jobbing.
$27 50@2S; Cocoanut Cake $20<5"21: Corn Meal,
$25; Cracked Corn. $25 50; Mixed Feed. $13 30.
HAY— Wheat. $7@9 for common to good, $3 50
610 for choice: Wheat and Oat. $7 50@9 50: Oat.
$6@S; Barley. $5®7; Alfalfa, |5@7 60 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, $4@6; Wheat. $6@7;
Clover, $4 50@6; Alfalfa, $5@7; Barley. J4®5 per
ton.
STRAW— 2»@37Hc per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
wheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked "Wheat. $3 25.
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3: R° lle °
Oats (barrels). $6@7 25; in sacks, $5 75@7: £ earl
Barley, $5; Split Pea*. $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 lbs.
ton. .$8; Southfleld Wellington. $S; Seattle. J6.
Bryant. $«: Coos Bay. J5 60- Wallsend. $3: Co
operative Wallsend. J8: Cumberland. $12 In bulk
and $i3 23 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Bex. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. 116 per
ton »n bulk and $1S In sacks; Castle Gate and
Rock Springs. $8 45 per 2000 pounds.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per 1b, In 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.70c; Powdered.
5 30c; Candy Granulated, 5.30c; Dry Granulated.
5.20c- Confectioners' A. 5.20c; Magnolia A. 4.80c:
Extra C. 4.70c; Golden C, 4.60c: barrels. 10c
more- half-barrels, 25c more: boxes. 50c more;
50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Us equivalent. Dominos,
half-barrels, 5.95c; boxes, 6.20c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. June 13.
Flour, qr sks 22.2C5Bran. sks 1.909
Wheat, ctle 910 Middlings, ska ... S62
Barley ctls 6.830 Hay. tons 4»0
Corn ctls 330 Straw, tens 33
Corn'. East. ctla.. CCOlWool, bales Ml
Rye. ctls l,460| Hides. No... 340
Butter, ctls 12IV'! llCor £w 2%
Cheese, ctls 236 Lime, bbls 273
Tallow, ctls 236 Sugar, sks 2.0CO
Beans, sks . 17 Leather, rolls.... 46
Potatoes, eks .... ! NO Ekss. doz lS.S^U
Onions, sks 140'Wine. gals 53.900
OREGON.
Flour, qr Eks S63i ;C; r
THE STOCK MARKET.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 14,. 1900.
California Fruit Sales.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Shipping Intelligence.
AI
,ED.
8
Foreign Futures.
TO SAIL.
Continued on Page Eleven.
ARTICLES.
Recelpts.l Shlp'mts.
Flour, barrels ....'..'.
Wheat, bushels
"orn. bushels
")ats, bushels
Rye. bushels
Bariey, bushels
17.000
72.000
651.000
S2G.O0O
3.000
12.000
13.000
34.000
215.000
323,000
. 28.000
ARTICLES. Open. High.
Wheat No. 2—
June 72 72%
July ..,. 72% 74
August 73% 74%
Corn No. 2—
June 38«4 39K
July, 3J>V4 .89%
August 39 30%
Oats No. 2—
June 21% 22H
July 21% 22H
August 21% 22H
Mess Dork, bbl—
July 1135 1142%
September 1145 11 52&
Lard. 100 lbs—
July 6 60 6 63
September 6 67% 6 70
Short ribs. 1W lbs—
July 0C7% 6 67^
September G C5 6 G7H
i Low.
. • i
'71%'
72H
73V4
38
33
1 2s%;
.21%
21%
21%
I Close.
72%
74)4
38%
8»H
.22
22V4
22
U 20
1135
- i
11 25
1135
6 B2H
6 E5
6 S3
6 674
8 52%
6 55
6 65
6 67H
P L W H W V*W H W
4 ... 6:15—0. S 1:37 4.8 €:03 S.2 11-53 ~Tl
15 ... «:6«-0.7 2:18 B.O 7:00 ji 5T
HW L W HW L"w
it ... 0:48 6.5 7:41 -0.4 2:59 B.I 801 J %
17 .... 1:47 5.1 8:27 0.0 J:3S 6 4 |'w 2 5
8 ... 2:54 4.S 9:13 0.5 4:20 1 5 loilS II
19 ... 4:0S 4.4 10:05 1.0 5:02 5.8 U : 23 IS
!0 ... 5:30 4.2 U;0Q 1.6 5:19 ' V.I .... ...
Steamer.
From
TV...
Due
Columbia Portland
Bonlta Newport
Crescent City... Crescent City
Carlisle City.... China and Japan...
Point Arena Mendoclno
Pomona Eureka
Arcata |Cooa Bay
Root. AdamsonjNanaimo
Tellus Oyster Harbor
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget S<
Santa Rosa San Dieiro
Newburg Grays Harbor
¦Waahtenaw Tacoraa
Mackinaw Seattle
Del N'orte 'Portland
Empire Coos Bay
Coos Bay (Newport
W. H. Kruser.ISan Pedro
¦Wellington Oyster Harbor
Universe Oyster Harbor
Peru New York ,
Doric China and Japan....
Australia Honolulu
State of Cal [Portland
Corona |San Dle»ro
u:
tad
. iJuna 14
.|June 14
..iJune 1J
..|June U
.IJune n
.[June 15
..IJune 15
..June 18
..Jane IS
d June IS
. June 16
. June 1$
. June 17
,. June 17
. June 13
. June ta
. June is
. June is
. June 1»
. June 13
. June 13
. Juae V)
. June 1)
. June 19
. June 20
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Corona |San D1«gro (Juno 14. 11 am; Pier 11
Hongknsr MlO ina&Jap««nlJune 14, 1 pm'PMSS
City PueblalVlc & Pgt SJ. June 13. 11 amlPier 9
North ForlcjEureka June IS. 9 am'Pler 2
Ilcnlta Newport June 16. 9am;Pierll
Columbia ..Portland June 17, 11 am! Pier 24
Pomona .... Humboldt June 17. 2 pm Pier 9
Arcata Coos Bay June 17. 12 m Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. June 18. 2 pm Pier 2
Krug-er ITllIamook June 13
Carlisle Cty China. & Japan June IS. 10 am Pier 17
Cltyof Para New York June IS. 12 m PMSS
Santa Rasa! San Dleso lJune IS. 11 am Pier 11
Newburff .. (Grays Harbor June 10
Wai. Walla Vic & Pgt Sd. June 2). 11 am Pter 9
Coo3 Bay... Newport June 20. 9 am Pier 11
P L W H W V*W H W
4 ... 6:15—0. S 1:37 4.8 €:03 S.2 11-53 ~Tl
15 ... «:6«-0.7 2:18 B.O 7:00 ji 5T
HW L W HW L"w
it ... 0:48 6.5 7:41 -0.4 2:59 B.I 801 J %
17 .... 1:47 5.1 8:27 0.0 J:3S 6 4 |'w 2 5
8 ... 2:54 4.S 9:13 0.5 4:20 1 5 loilS II
19 ... 4:0S 4.4 10:05 1.0 5:02 5.8 U : 23 IS
!0 ... 5:30 4.2 U;0Q 1.6 5:19 ' V.I .... ...
ARTICLES.
Recelpts.l Shlp'mts.
Flour, barrels ....'..'.
Wheat, bushels
"orn. bushels
")ats, bushels
Rye. bushels
Bariey, bushels
17.000
72.000
651.000
S2G.O0O
3.000
12.000
13.000
34.000
215.000
323,000
. 28.000
ARTICLES. Open. High.
Wheat No. 2—
June 72 72%
July ..,. 72% 74
August 73% 74%
Corn No. 2—
June 38«4 39K
July, 3J>V4 .89%
August 39 30%
Oats No. 2—
June 21% 22H
July 21% 22H
August 21% 22H
Mess Dork, bbl—
July 1135 1142%
September 1145 11 52&
Lard. 100 lbs—
July 6 60 6 63
September 6 67% 6 70
Short ribs. 1W lbs—
July 0C7% 6 67^
September G C5 6 G7H
i Low.
. • i
'71%'
72H
73V4
38
33
1 2s%;
.21%
21%
21%
I Close.
72%
74)4
38%
8»H
.22
22V4
22
U 20
1135
- i
11 25
1135
6 B2H
6 E5
6 S3
6 674
8 52%
6 55
6 65
6 67H
Steamer.
From
TV...
Due
Columbia Portland
Bonlta Newport
Crescent City... Crescent City
Carlisle City.... China and Japan...
Point Arena Mendoclno
Pomona Eureka
Arcata |Cooa Bay
Root. AdamsonjNanaimo
Tellus Oyster Harbor
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget S<
Santa Rosa San Dieiro
Newburg Grays Harbor
¦Waahtenaw Tacoraa
Mackinaw Seattle
Del N'orte 'Portland
Empire Coos Bay
Coos Bay (Newport
W. H. Kruser.ISan Pedro
¦Wellington Oyster Harbor
Universe Oyster Harbor
Peru New York ,
Doric China and Japan....
Australia Honolulu
State of Cal [Portland
Corona |San Dle»ro
u:
tad
. iJuna 14
.|June 14
..iJune 1J
..|June U
.IJune n
.[June 15
..IJune 15
..June 18
..Jane IS
d June IS
. June 16
. June 1$
. June 17
,. June 17
. June 13
. June ta
. June is
. June is
. June 1»
. June 13
. June 13
. Juae V)
. June 1)
. June 19
. June 20
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Corona |San D1«gro (Juno 14. 11 am; Pier 11
Hongknsr MlO ina&Jap««nlJune 14, 1 pm'PMSS
City PueblalVlc & Pgt SJ. June 13. 11 amlPier 9
North ForlcjEureka June IS. 9 am'Pler 2
Ilcnlta Newport June 16. 9am;Pierll
Columbia ..Portland June 17, 11 am! Pier 24
Pomona .... Humboldt June 17. 2 pm Pier 9
Arcata Coos Bay June 17. 12 m Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. June 18. 2 pm Pier 2
Krug-er ITllIamook June 13
Carlisle Cty China. & Japan June IS. 10 am Pier 17
Cltyof Para New York June IS. 12 m PMSS
Santa Rasa! San Dleso lJune IS. 11 am Pier 11
Newburff .. (Grays Harbor June 10
Wai. Walla Vic & Pgt Sd. June 2). 11 am Pter 9
Coo3 Bay... Newport June 20. 9 am Pier 11
EMIL CCHN, AUCTIONEER.
Office 520 Mnrket st.
Telephone Black 3071.
Will sell TO-DAY at 11 o'clock a. m. at
2322 BUSH ST.. near Central ave..
The almost new OAK FURNITURE and
CARPETS, dining room and kitchen furniture,
almost new carpenters' tools, potted plants,
etc. This sale Is worthy of the attention of ail
Intendlns purchasers. ,
' EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALES
5a fe £a
AUCTION SALE
- — of —
50 HEAD HORSES,
HIGH-CLASS.
Sired by DEL PASO. WESTERN. ROBERT
LEE. EXILE, etc. Out of mares by PATCH-
KN. ALASKA. BISMARCK. KENTUCKY. »tc
Catalogues Now Ready. Horses Now at Yard.
Bred by J. B. HAGG1N ESQ.
KERN COU.NTY LA>D CO..
to rh sr>Lr> on
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY JUNE 14. 19C0
At II A. M.. at
SALESTARD. 1722 Market st.. cor. Van Ness.
CHASE & MENPENHALL
Successors to KILLIP & CO..
.Livestock Auctioneers. San Francisco.Died of Their injuries.
Two deaths were reported at the Morgue
yesterday from St. Mary's Hospital, that
of Hans Anderson, a painter, who fell
from a scaffold at 206 Sansome street on
the previous day, and of -Thomas Cava
naugh. who walked out of his window at
17S6 Folsom street last Tuesday- ¦— -.--¦¦¦¦
- ¦ ¦. ...,.__ ... , ¦ • ' ¦
Stole Oil Exchange Funds.
Frank Cole, the colored messenger boy
for the Producers' OH Exchange, was sent
to the County Jail for three months by
Judge Mogan yesterday 'on the charge of
petty 5 larceny. He' had' collected $38 In
dues from members and spent the money
in playing shuffleboard : ln a bowling alley.
Revolution in Water Travel.
Experiments have proven that vessels, fitted
with propellers which imitate the fish's fln. de
velop a remarkable propelltne , power. It win
cause a revolution in water travel. Men grad
ually learn that Nature's waya are best. One
cause of the remarkable success ot Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters springs from the fact that it
la a harmless, natural medicine, made of hj - a
turo's most strengthening herbs. It Is a g. Jre
cure for constipation, indigestion, dyspepsia,
biliousness or weak kidneys.
Sixth Street to Be Improved.
The Board of Public Works will im
mediately take measures to Improve Sixth
street between Folsom and Harrison.
Owing to the fact that' the streetcar
tracks have been placed on the official
grade along the block, both sides of the
street are at an angle of 45 degrees, and
traffic has been practically suspended on
that account. The grade will be raised
and the street repaved at. an estimated
cost of $3150. The contracts are tq be let
early in July.
Company K's Election,
The election for captain and first lieu
tenant of Company K. First Regiment of
Infantry. 'Will be held this evening In the
Ellis-street armory. The contestants for
the higher office are Captain Cunningham,
whose term has expired, and I C. O'Reiiiy.
who was to have been a candidate at the
previous election but w$s ruled out on
the ground that within six months he had
failed to pass an examination for first
lieutenant.
Knights of the Bed Branch Picnic.
The Knigtits of the Red Branch Rifles
held a meeting last night and made nnal
arrangements for the excursion and picnic
to be given by them at San Jose on Sun
day next. The following 1 committees .were
named: . ,
Arrangements— M. J. Gaul chairman;
John Ganey, secretary: J. J. Caniffe, M.
Casey. W. Murphy, M. Hession, O. B.
RlUy. B. Keville, J. B. Walsh, P. J. Ken
nev, J. R.-Kelley, C. L. Sheahan.
Reception — John Doyle, chairman;
Thomas Desmond, J., II. Cregan, Gus Mc-
Cabe, J. McKegney, M. Nehill, M. Ryan,
M. O'Nell. M. Cokley, J. Burns. M. J. Con-
Floor— Captain F. J. Mellott, director;
Lieutenant Russell, W. P. Hannan, J. S.
Mullan, William Collins. T. J. Kearney,
John Fay, P. Brody, J. F. McArdle.
Games— Sergeant James Smith, chair
man: Roger McCarthey, J. J. Rogerson,
P. McGlenchey, T. O"Connell, P. Brady.
The Divorce Court.
Divorce suits have been filed as follows:
Franziska Gruen against Albert F. Gruen
for desertion; Fredricka Adler against
Ben Adler for cruelty: Sarah S. Hooper
against Robert E., Hooper for desertion.
Divorces have been granted as follows:
Pauline Rowland from J. W. Rowland for
cruelty, by Judge -Murasky; plaintiff al
lowed to resume her maiden name, Pau
line Rodgers. Florence A. Duball from
Louis B. Duball for neglect, by Judge
Belcher. Ella Spencer from Herbert
Spencer for desertion, by Judge Bahrs:
custody . of minor children awarded to
plaintiff. Walter Wright from Chloe J.
Wright for deaertlon, by Judge Bahrs.
Sarah Rewcastle from William J. Rew
castle for neglect, by Judge Troutt; plain
tiff allowed to resume her maiden name,
Sarah Thomas. Eugenie Becsey from Jo
seph Becsey for desertion and neglect, by
Judge Troutt ;;-¦
First Through Train Will Leave on
July 1— Schedule for the
Valley.
The Santa Fe Railroad will run its first
through passenger train to Chicago, leav
ing San Francisco via Point Richmond,
July 1. The day following the first pas
senger train on this route will arrive from
th ft intention of the Santa Fe of
ficials to establish a daily train each way
from San Francisco to Bakersfleld and if
the traffic warrants to put on a daily
train from either San Francisco or Stock
ton to Fresno.
READY FOR PASSENGER
SERVICE ON SANTA FE
FIGHTING FOR PART OF
ST. MARY'S PARK FUND
Patek Suit for Mandamus Against
the Auditor on Trial Before
Juage Seawell.
The question of whether or not the St.
Mary's park fund can be used to pay the
city's debts came up before Judge Sea
well yesterday morning In the case of
Patek against the Auditor. Patek holds
a claim for $77 against the city for meat
furnished public institutions. The Audi
tor refused to audit his demand on the
ground that' there was no money In- the
treasury with which to pay it. Patek
claimed there was money In the treas
ury, referring to the St. Mary's park fund
of $125,000, and he applied for a writ of
mandamus to compel the Auditor to pass
his demand so it could be paid from this
fund.
More testimony will be taken this morn
ing and it is probable Judge Seawell will
then take the case under advisement.
DIVINE HEALER'S LOVE
WAS NOT RECIPROCATED
Christian Pederson Wanted on
Charges of Grand Larceny and
Disturbing the Peace.
Juanlta Larson, a handsome woman re
siding at 129 Taylor street, swore to com
plaints in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
for the arrest of Christian Pederson, a
divine healer, on the char*, s of grand
larceny and disturbing the peace. She
also secured a search warrant to recover
possession of a piano and furniture val
ued at $200. which are in the store of the
Kmg Furniture Company.
The complainant alleged that Pederson
had been making love to her for two or
three weeks and because she spurned his
advances he went to the King Furniture
Company and sold the piano and furni
ture. They were removed from her room3
Tuesday against her protestations. Ped
erson called at the house Tuesday night
and because she refused to let him in he
kicked down the door, she stated.
Crockers Own Calvary Site.
The Calvary Church property and the
piece adjoining on the north, the latter
Dunlap's Rig Upset.
Henry Dunlap of 246 O Farrell street
and his wife had a narrow escape from
death on the Ocean Beach drive yester
day. The horse they -were driving became
frightened and uncontrollable and finally
upset the rig. Both occupants ,of the
buggy were thrown out, but beyond a few
cuts sustained no serious Injury.
Hay's Accomplice Arrested.
A dispatch was received by Captain Sey
mour yesterday that C. B. Kelly, "Buck"
Hay's partner in the "fake" advertising
scheme by which Dunsmulr's Sons Com
pany were swindled out of H000. had been
arrested in Eureka, Humboldt County.
Detective Bainbridge will leave on Satur
day's steamer to bring him back.
Another Case of Military -Brutality
Is Brought to Light in
Germany.
BERLIN', June 13.— A case of military
brutality has just occurred at Finken
walde, Pomerania, resembling the case of
Lieutenant von Bruesewltz, who was sen
tenced to four years' imprisonment at a
fortress and to dismissal from the army,
in the autumn of 1S36, for running a
workman through the back with his sword
at Carlsuhe for no other reason than that
the man, when entering a cafe, acciden
tally pushed the chnir of the lieutenant.
In this instance Herren Paul Berge and
Richard Dalmann got Into an altercation
on the street with several officers and
one of them drew his sword. Dalmann
seized the weapon and ran off. The officer
ordered some soldiers who were passing
to pursue the fleeing civilian and recover
his sword. .
In carrying out the orders they wounded
Dalmann mortally, his death ensuing yes
terday. Thus far no action has been
taken by the authorities.
CHARGED WITH FIRING
HIS WIFE'S PROPERTY
Residence of Mrs. Hiltel at Calistoga
Burned and Her Husband Ar
rested for Arson.
CALISTOGA, June 13.—The two-story
family residence, tower and •windmill, to
gether with nearly all their contents, and
the wine cellar, cooperage and consider
able wine, belonging to Mrs. John Hiltel
Sr located about a mile from town, were
destroyed by fire last night. John Hiltel,
the husband of Mrs. Hiltel, has been ar
rested on the charge of arson. The Hlltels
had domestic trouble and have been living
apart for some time.
Some months ago the husband deeded
the wife nearly all the community prop
erty, since which time he claims the wife
and children have been trying to kick
him out.
Last evening Hiltel went to the prem
ises and made demands for certain prop
erty. A quarrel followed and Mrs. Hiltel
went to a near.neighbor's, leaving Hiltel
at home. His preliminary examination
will be held on Saturday.
Lightning Kills Horses.
WALNUT CREEK, June 13.—Two- valu
able horses, the property of Joseph Mar
tin, were killed to-day near San Ramon
by lightning. M. Cabral, who was cov
ering loose hay to protect it from rain,
was thrown ten feet into the air and the
fork he held was cut to splinters. One of
the dead animals showed a blood mark
on the right ear. The, ground where the
man worked showed a nole deep enough
to run a whip down. A telegraph pole
half a mile away was cut to splinters
and only an insulator was left.
KILLED FOR TAKING
AN OFFICER'S SWORD
PROFESSOR SEIFERT HAD
NO MONEY IN THE BANK
Prominent Pharmacist Held for Ob
taining Money by False
Pretenses.
Charles A, Soifert, druggist and mem
ber of the. State Pharmacy Board and
of the faculty of the State College of
Pharmacy, was yesterday held in $1000
bonds by Judge Cabaniss to answer be
fore the Superior Court to a charge of ob
taining money by false pretenses.
Selfert lives at 860 Haight street and
the complaining witness against him is
John Beuttler. a butcher at 7*s2 Haight
street. Seifert owed Beultler a bill
amounting to $15 25 and June 2 gave him
a check on the Columbian Hank for $100,
receiving the balance of $S4 75. When the
check was presented at the bank Beuttier
was told that Selfert had only $2 50 to his
credit. Seifert made no effort to adjust
the matter with Beuttler, hence his ar
rest.
Seifert came into prominence recently
in connection with the pharmacy exami
nation scandals. He was openly accused
of offering to sell sets of questions for
$100 and more, but the evidence was not
sufficient to fasten the crime upon him.
He has held the position of pharmacist
at both the German and the City and
County Hospital.
Committee Meets and Listens to the
Reports of the Various Sub
committees.
The Fourth of July general committee,
Horace Wilson presiding, met last night
at the California Hotel and listened to
the reports of the various sub-commit
tees.
By recommendation to the main body.
it was decided to do away with the pro
posed regatta on account of lack of funds.
The literary committee recommended that
something out of the ordinary be arrang- j
ed for this year. For an orator, it was
the opinion of all that a man be chosen
who Is prominent in the forensic world
and who has a reputation as a spell
binder. Mr, Pond of the decoration com
mittee recommended that an arch be con
structed on City Hall Square.
A tentative estimate of money allowed
the various committees was as follows:
Printing, $100; music, $$00; carriages, $70;
fireworks, $1000: literary exercises, $300,
contingencies, $100. No money will be ex
pended on general decorations.
General R. H. Warfield was elected
grand marshal at the meeting last night.
GENERAL WARFIELD TO BE
FOURTH OF JULY MARSHAL
Then, Failing to Find "Work, Mrs.
McCarthy Swallowed Car
bolic Acid.
Mrs. McCarthy, a widow, residing at 154
West Mission street, tried to end her life
last night by taking a dose of carbolic
acid. The unfortunate woman had been
out during the day looking for work which
had been promised her. She was disap
pointed, and on returning to her home
she purchased a quantity of carbolic acid
with part of $1 which she had received a
few days ago from a pawnshop on her
wedding ring, which she reluctantly part
ed with to procure food.
Mrs. McCarthy's suffering from the
burning acid attracted the attention of
her neighbors, who summoned the police.
She was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where remedies were applied. Hopes of
her recovery are entertained by the hos
pital physicians. -<s
PAWNED HER WEDDING
RING TO PROCURE FOOD
GREAT VICTORY FOR
MONTANA MINERS
Senator Clark and August Heinze
Voluntarily Heduce the Working
Day to Eight Hours.
BUTTE, Mont., June 11— Miners' Union
day was celebrated to-day and will be
the most memorable in the history of the
camp. During the exercises in the Opera
house, following the procession, letters
were read from Senator W. A. Clark and
F. August Heinze. the latter the head of
the Montana Ore Purchasing Company,
granting the miners in their employ their
request for an eight-hour working day.
In his letter Senator Clark says:
I realize the hazardous character of labor In
the mints and that it increases with depth of
the working by reason of difficulty of ventila
tion and other reasons. I am satisfied that
the demand for shortening the time for a. day's
work to eight hours in all underground work-
Ings Is not an unreasonable one, and I have
given instructions to the superintendents of all
my mines to adopt the eight-hour system be
ginning the ISth instar.t.
The Heinze letter says:
It ts undoubtedly a fact that no occupation
is more hazardous than that , of the under
ground miner. He assumes more risks than
ether laborers, and the accidents to which he
is subjected are most disastrous. The profits
of tfco*e engagf-d in mining have greatly in
creased in the last few years through the rise
in the price of copper, but the underground
miner has had no share in this prosperity.
On acd after to-day, the anniversary of the
Butte .Miners' fnion, the miners In the em
ploy of all mires in which I have a controlling
voice shall receive the present «cale of wages
for a day's work of eight hours.
Both announcements were received with
cheors. Everybody is celebrating the
event.
SUPREME LODGE OF ¦
WORKMEN OFFICERS
Degree of Honor Also Chooses Offi
cials to Serve During the En
suing- Year.
SIOI7X FALLS. S. D.. June 13.— The ear
lier session of the Supreme Lodge, An
cient Order of United" Workmen, now
holding its twenty-eighth annual meet
ing- in this city, was taken up principally
with routine matters.
The following officers were elected: Su
preme master workman. William A. Wal
ker of Wisconsin; supreme foreman, A. C.
Hardwlck of New York; supreme over*
seer, Webb McNall of Kansas; supreme
recorder,»M. W. Sackett of Pennsylvania;
supreme receiver, John J. Acker of New-
York.
At a business meeting of the 8uperior
Lodge, Degree of Honor, the following of
ficers were elected for the ensuing year:
Supreme chief of honor, Pauline E. Ennis
of Kansas; superior lady of honor, Ella
H. Mantor of Minnesota; superior re
corder, Elizabeth E. Aliburn of Iowa; su
perior receiver, Emma S. Bedford of New
Hampshire; superior usher. Irene SI.
Raikes of New York; superior watch,
Olive M. Bacon of Colorado.
Will Issue School Bonds.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PALO ALTO, June 13.— At the election
held yesterday in Palo Alto there were 111
votes cast in favor of establishing a dis
trict high school as agrainst 6 dissenting
votes. This total vote is very much
smaller than the one cast on March 15
for the same proposition, but which was
declared illegrai by the District Attorney
because only twenty days' publication of
the notice, required by law to be twenty.
one days, had been made.
Bonds to the extent of $13,000 were voted
for the erection of the building and $7000
for the land on which it is to be con
structed. The new school building and
premises will occupy a half of the town
square, on the corner of Channlng and
Webster avenues, directly opposite the
Town High School.
Victory for Free Ferry.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, June 13.— The application
of John Soto for a writ of injunction to
retrain the Board of Supervisors from
aw-ardlng the contract for building a free
ferry near Fretport. was denied to-day
bv Judge Gaddis. The matter wajs argued
and submitted hist Monday.
Mrs. Gladstone Near the End.
LONDON. June 14. — It was announced
last evening that Mrs. W. E. Gladstone
was not expected to live through the
Calling in Building Permits.
The Board of Public Works Is now can
celing all old permits for obstructing the
streets held by contractors. These per
mits under former administrations were
issued for a term of several years at a
time, and the provisions were seldom if
ever complied with. In future all eon
tractors must have a special permit for
each new piece of work undertaken. A de
po.sitwill also be required to cover any pos
sible damage. The large contractors pro
tested vigorously against the reform but
are nevertheless complying with the new
order.
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
Pensions Granted, Postmasters Ap
pointed, Postal Changes and
Army Orders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. June 13.— The following
pensions have been granted:
California: Original— William Cum-
Hiings, San Frarcisco, $5; Solomon New
mar, San Francisco, IS; Francis B. Platt,
::::; it, $<; Camper Elmer, Soldiers' Home,
:^ i Angeles, 96; Emery M. Barron, Saw
teIle,tS. Increase — Thomas J. Deford, Los
Angele*. $14. Reissue and increase— Her-
SwartFieger, Saa Francisco, $S.
• widows, ppeclal act, June 1 —
Nar.cy C. Bassett, Balls Ferry. $S.
Washington: Original— John N. Berry,
EUd£eSeI& 16; James A- Hill. Tacoma. *•>;
Vi";:i!am Ray. Issaquah, J5. Additional —
AizgBMt N'il, New Whatcom. $*; David L.
• v.r., Taoorr.a, $12. Increase — James
Greer, Tacoma, $17. Original widows, etc.
— Mircia A. Gardiner, North Yaiima, $i
Oregon: Original — Lemuel J. Reynolds,
fntverslty Park. Pi. Increase — Eugene S.
Knapp. Sumni»?rville, JS; Charles A. Dib
ble, Portland, $12. Reissue and increase—
Albert McCJung, Oakville, $44.
The following postmasters have been
commissioned: California — Colma, Hiram
K. Ma goon.
Washington— Rar.dle, Joseph C. McAl
lister.
The foUowir.g postmasters have been
appointed: California — Fowler, Fresno
Cocnty, Roy R, GifTen, vice Enoch H.
Pratt, deceased; Lacosta, Saji Diego
County, Franc-ella K. Williams, vice H.
E. Cook. resigned-
Oregon — Aims. Clackamas County, C. E.
Brarnhili. vice J. A. Hickman, resigned.
The gToss receipts for the San Francisco
I>osto£ice for last May were JS3.S57, an In
crease over May. V&j, of $4X5. The Los
Ang«-les receipts were $20,715, an increase
of $l£8L
Rural free delivery will be established
at Redwood City, Cal., June 25.
The postoiScfS at Lorin. Peralta. and
Weet Berkeley will be consolidated with
the Berkeley posteffice July 1, and former
offices will be made sub-stations.
Captain Henry A. Reed of the Thirty
pecond Infantry, now in this city, has
been ordered to San Francisco for duty.
Second Lieutenant T. H. R. Mclntyre,
Sixth Artillery, new at San Francisco,
has been, ordered to the Artillery School
&t Fort Monroe. Va_
OAKLAND, June 13.— It was not until
the last moments of the water rate
hearing before Judge Hart of Sac
ramento to-day that anything start
ling occurred. All day long Judge Hart
had listened to arguments by Robert Y.
Hayne for the city of Oakland why he
should not sit as the trial Judge in the
case, and to the efforts of Attorneys A.
A. Moore and E. J. McCutcheon of the
Contra Ccsta Water Company to convince
him that he should not be "scared" from
the bench or "driven" therefrom by the
whim? of Mr. Hayne.
When the sensation did come It was In
the shape of a direct charge that the pres
ent water trial was a political case and
that Judge K. C. Hart was disqualified
from sitting therein because he was inti
mately connected in a political way with
some of the stockholder* of the Contra
Costa Water Company.
First, Mr. Hayne asked Judge Hart if
he was not a member of the Republican
State "Central Committee and if he were
not intimately connected with the man
agement of the party. Though nothing
was said directly, this was aimed at Al
vinza Havward. who is connected with
Judge Hart on the State Committee and
is Interested also in the Contra Costa Wa
ter Company.
There was a large attendance last ntght
in Odd Fellows' Hall at the delightful en
tertainment given by the Social and Lit
erary Club of the National Union. The
programme follows:
Barytone »o!o, "A May Morning" (Denia).
Will Ogllvie: specialties. George Hammersmith;
soprano solo. Mrs. Frank Marcus: "At the
Photographers" la character sketch). Agatha
O, Cumming-s- "A. Virginian Romance" ta play
in one act)— Cast: Lieutenant Vandreth Carter,
U. S. A., George A. Dennison; Rick Fetter (a
planter). Will Ogilvle: Aunt Helena. Miss May
Sullivaa: Barbara, Miss Jean Baldwin; Sach
arrissa. Misa Xeule Hynes.
At the close of the programme there
was dancing until midnight. The affair
was under the direction of W. W. Healey,
E. A. Kidd. J. N. Bunting and F. H.
Hastings. H. A. Graves was chairman ot
the evening.
NATIONAL UNION SOIREE
IN ODD FELLOWS' HALL
"I am perfectly willing to admit that I
am a member of such a committee." re
plied Judge Hart
"What has that got to do with this
case?" demanded A. A. Moore suspi
ciously.
"I will tell you what it has got to do
with this case." replied Mr, Hayne. "This
is a political case, and it Is pimply one
more reason whv Judge Hart should not
sit herein. Look about this room and you
find It crowded with politicians. The lead
ing stockholders of the company are poli
ticians and members of the party, if not
of the political bodies, with which Judge
Hart is connected." ,
"The suggestion that this is a political
case Is but a confirmation of the state
ment that commercialism is overcoming
the legal profession. It ha3 hecome so
that ever> - edge is made to cut in law, and
practitioners study means and methods
of winning out irrespective of the law,"
declared A. A. Moore. "I note this with
surprise, for I belle\ - ed that Judge Hayne
was a follower of the old school. No man
has a right to say that this is a political
cape, for no man knows what may be the
politics of the stockholders of this corpor
ation. It is a shameful and an awful
thing to say that this is a political case
and a political corporation and that the
Judge on the bench is a political Judge
that can be swayed by any such connec
tion."
AliAMEDA, June 13.— Under the au»
pices of the Catholic Ladles' Aid Society
funeral services were held last evenlns
at S:30 o'clock over the remains of Mrs.
Ellen D. St. Sure at her late residence,
2312 Central avenue. A large number of
the friends cf the deceased, including
members of Branch No. 3 of the Catholic
Ladles' Aid Society, to which she be
longed, were present. The floral pieces
were numerous and beautiful.
Rev. Father F. A. Foley, pastor of St.
Joseph's Church, delivered a touching
eulogy- of the deceased after having said
the prayers. He spoke of- her many vir
tues and the 'works "of charity in which
she was greatly interested during her
lifetime. Following the address by Father
Foley came the services of the Aid So
ciety, led by Miss Garrlty of San Fran»
Cisco. They were very impressive.
This morning the body was taken to
Oroville, where the funeral will be held
from St. Thomas' Church to-morrow
morning at 9 o'clock.
SERVICES OVER RER1AINS OF
MRS. ELLEN D. ST. SURE
Special Counsel Eoberi Y. Hayne Addressing: th3 Court.
MUST NOW ANSWER THE
SUIT ON ITS MERITS
Demurrer of Telephone Company la
Dr. Klonk's Action Is
Overruled,
Justice of the Peace Groezinger yester
day overruled the demurrer of the de-
fendant in tha case of Dr. Max Klonk
against the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company. The action was brought
to recover 1299 damages, Klonk alleging
that he was a subscriber of the telephone
companv in good standing and that cer
tain of his patients tried to communicate
with him. but were informed that he had
i:o telephone. In consequence of this neg
ligence the physician was prevented from
rendering service to numerous patients.
The telephone company demurred on the
ground that the damages claimed were too
remote; that the company did not under
take to hold and save harmless each of its
1S.0OO subscribers from all poss'ble loss
they might sustain by failing to> commu
nicate with i he parties desiring to speal:
to them, and that the patienta of Dr.
Klonk alone have eau3e of action, aa he
did not try to communicate with any one.
they ringing him up.
"I believe that the majority of the
members of the City Council are Republi
can," interposed Mr. MeCutoheon.
"1 hope that some of them are not,"
replied Mr. Moore. Then he added: "It
has become a truism that corporations do
not have politics, and this is a shame
ful charge."
All that Judge Hart said In response to
this new attack upon his right to sit in
the case was to announce that he had a
trial In Sacramento to-morrow and that
he would take the entire matter under
advisement, and would render his decision
in writing in a few days.
Judge Hart, as judge, sat and listened
to arguments and testimony about him
self, and literally sat in judgment upon
his own ability to try the ca?e. These
arguments could not help but be of a
personal nature and. as Judge Hart de
clared several times, were very embar
rassing, but he refused to take advantage
of the loopholes offered by the special at
torney for the city and continued to listen
to the embarrassing arguments and to
face the unpleasant situation.
Mr. Hayne did not shirk any of the
responsibility Incurred by his statement
of yesterday, though he said he regretted
that Judge Hart had asked him specifical
ly whether he was wanted in the case
or not. To this Judge Hart replied that
he had asked the question in good faith
and expected an answer in good faith, and
he expressed his intention of passing up
on this point aa if he were not a factor
In it. To this Mr. Hayne replied that
no matter what the good intentions of a
man might be in such a case, tne uncon
scious workings of his mind would be
such as to make impartial action impos
sible.
Mr. Hayne contended that Judge O&den
being disqualified from Bitting In the case
himself had no right to choose a judge
to occupy his place, and held that the
selection of another judge had not been
carried out in the form- the law required.
E. J. McC'utcheon made a long argument
to show that Judge Hart had a right to
sit, and so the case stands until Judge
Hart renders his decision upon himself.
Offered to Help Theodore Johnson
Make His Will and Brought
Trouble-
Mary E. Johnson, widow of Theodore
Johnson, filed a petition in the Probate
Court yesterday asking for permission to
probate a copy of a holographic will made
by her husband, but afterward destroyed.
In her petition she asserts that John
son made a will on March S, 1900. and
after making !t he showed It to Frank R.
Neville, It was entirely in Johnson's
handwriting and was signed by him, and
it was written on two sheets of paper.
Neville told him there was danger of the
will being thrown out' if It was not writ
ten on one sheet, and he offered to copy
the document on one sheet on a type
writer. Johnson gave him the will and
Neville copied It. He gave the typewrit
ten copy to Johnson, who signed it, and
Neville witnessed it and destroyed the or
iginal. As there is but one witness to the
will and it is not holographic, it U use
less, for wills not holographic must have
two witnesses. The petitioner, therefore,
asked to be allowed to probate a oopy of
the original.
Johnson left all his estate, valued at
J5000. to his wife and mother.
NEVILLE'S ADVICE CAUSED.
A LEGAL COMPLICATION
WASHINGTON, June 13.— The Navy De
partment has received the following cab'.e
iinLzzi from Admiral Roraey. Cavite, dated
yesterday;
The army has turned ever Cavite Peninsula
and BwHltB Inland to naval control and <Je
(e&ae. The army also «<mt« to g;v* up Oloa
\V«? cansot :aite the Utter whlie siu.rt
._* marines, i he Sv.la.ce. with six oxEcera. in
uaii-i !^f Ou*:u. arvd i0o marines. h*» been
vent ta Kemps. Can ibr cepartaj<?nt send a
... a ¦ : n:aj;nc* to th« Philippines? ihinic
tajcrUBt that the former Spar.ieli naval sta
u^n b« uncer navy control. AJJiticiud sorjtra
ne<?d?.i If ir« navy i* 10 »«rure naval atatioa
at tie treornt time. The Yorklou-n has been
l^sj^d at KercpfTs dirjK.sai. Th« CaMine is at
ti^rghaa. and her ref airs will b« completed oa
July 20. The Austria it at Canton with order6
to ia'ocoed to BwmXow aad Amey.
The Navy Department already had ta
kes steps to send more marines to Manila
bctcrc the appeal of Admiral Hemey came.
Tr.e formal announcement took the shape
of tiiis bulletin:
••Arrangements are being taken at the
>>avy i.)«iartmeri to e«nd a battalion or
, marines to the Philippines. Tnese men
are wanted for service at certain naval
stations in the Pr.iliypir.es and to replace
about eighty marines who have been (sent
mto Chinese waters.'"
A marine battalion is orUy about 250
strong. The men couldbe gathered up at
?!mrt notice from the marines now at thfi
Naval Academy and the New York.
],«ape Island and Washington navy
yards, so it is expected that tney -will be
un their way to Manila by August 1 at the
latest.
It is fifrured at the department that
there are now £*W marines In the Philip
pines a.r.d at Guam, the larger part of the
force not afloat beinjr stationed at the
Cavlte naval station. This is the largest
r.aval reservation under the control of the
Navy Department, with a water front of
&.bout fourteen miles, and the withdrawal
ot ih«? eoldlfrs has made It necessary to
maintain a larpe force of marines to gar
rison the reservation and keep down the
insurgents, who are numerous in Cavite
Province. The other points mentioned in
Admirai Remey's cablegram also are na
val coaling- stations, and as thev have
been turned over to the navy the army
naturally does not care to be charged with
their niaintenar.ee, especially -when thero
is so much work elsewhere.
Lieutenant Cilley Dead
WASHINGTON, June lS.-A<!Jutant
Ger.eraJ Corbin received a cable message
• o-day from O-neral MaeArthur at Ma
r.ila sayins that First Lieutenant Jona
than Cilley, Forty-third Volunteer Infan
try, died in the hospital at Manila from
typhoid fever. Lieutenant Cilley passed
most of hip life In this city.
Array Turns Over Cavite Peninsula
and Basilian Island to the
Control of the
Kavy.
Admiral Reniey Sends a
Request for an Addi
tional Battalion.
MORE MARINES
ARE NEEDED IN
PHILIPPINES
having a frontage of forty feet to Powell
street, have been added t<» the holdings
of the Crocker estate. The sale was* an
nounced some time apo, but the; Identity
of the purchaser of both pieces was kept
quiet. The price paid for the two proper
ties was $35;.fl»j. The frontasre is 137 :8x
137:6. After the time that the Calvary
Church may rematn on the land under
the contract of sale has elapsed a fine
building will be erected on the two piecea
of land. .
LONDON, June 13.-The following dis
patch hai» been received at the Colonial
Office from Colonel Wlllcocks, In com
mand of the Ashantl relief expedition:
FRAH5L', June 12.— A letter has just been re
ceived from the Governor of the Gold Coast
(Sir F. H. Hodgscn). dated Kumassi, June 4.
It ts as brief as possible. Following is Its sub
stance:
On several occasions unsuccessful attempts
have been mad< to get cd letters. He informs
me that he enclosed a copy of another of May
4, which 1 have not received.
Kumasi U garrisoned by 500 native troops
and in command of Major Harris, acting
commissioner and commandant of the North
ern Territories, who has succeeded in enter
ing the place from the north.
The Europeans and other troops are on half
rations. The supplies of ammunition at Kum
assi are not sufficient to allow offensive meas
ure? and must be husbanded In case of the re
enforeements cot arriving.
The march of the relief of Kuma*sl will be
met by great numbers of rebels, who have con
structed stockades and put impediments in the
way, such as trees. There are also »tcx*kartes
surrounding Kumassi, offering th* rebels gcntl
shelter. The rebel* have places built In trees,
from which to o»en tire.
The state of health of Kumassi U good, but
3000 persons of the native community axe in a.
state of destitution. Immediate assistance is
required.
The re-enforcements which have reached the
Gold Coast, most of which have crossed th*
Prah. comprise 1«X» of the Lagoa I Haussa) force
and 50 r.f the Sierra Leone frontier police, with
Maxims and field suns. These are in addition
to the Gold Coast constabulary and Gold Coast
police. Further re-enforcements, amounting to
K'O men, are being sent from Sierra Leone and
Northern and Southern Nigeria, and will reach
Cape Coast In the course of a few days.
The advance of the relieving force has been
delayed by heavy rains and the difficulty of
obtaining carriers, of whom 1009 ftave arrived
from Cape Coast and have j.roceeded up the
country June 11. .
Colonel AVillcoeks was at Prahsu on
June 12.
Five river gunboat? have been ordered
to go to the West African coast to assist
the operations of the relief expedition.
Trees Have Been Felled Across the
Roads, Stockades Constructed
and Sharpshooters' Nests
Built in the Trees.
Rebels • Well Prepared to
Check Advance of the
Relief Column.
POWDER AND
FOOD SCARCE
AT KUMASSI
INDIANAPOLIS, June 13.— Governor
Mount to-night issued a statement declin
ing to honor a requisition from Governor
Ueckharn for the return to Kentucky ol
William S. Taylor, who is under indict
ment for complicity in an alleged plot
which resulted in the assassination of
Governor Goebel. .
Colonel Thcmas G. Campbell, Justis
Goebel, brother of the murdered man, and
Sheriff Suter of Franklin County, Ky.,
arrived here this afternoon with the requi
sition. They met the Governor in the ex
ecutive paxiors and at his orders every
one was excluded during the arguments,
including reporters.
After hearing the arguments Governor
Mount asked for the papers in the ease,
which included copies of the evidence, and
said he would consider the matter. He
did. not know when he would decide. The
Kentuckiaus then left the city for Louls
vijle and Cincinnati.
Late to-night Governor Mount an
nounced his decision refusing to honor the
requisition. In his statement he says:
"1 don't believe a fair and Impartial trial
can or will at this time be given Mr.
Taylor. When Judge Cantrtll ot the trial
court at Franklin declares that he would
not subject a sheep-killing dog to a trial
under such circumstances as exist, may I
not justly refuse to send Mr. Taylor back
to be subjected to a trial with this preju
dice Intensified and fanned into hate.
When a man who Is a controlling spirit
in the prosecution, a witness in this case
and prominent in Its councils, uses the
monstrous language that when they
should pet control they would hang Re
publicans 'like pigs to a pole' (and these
anarchistic words have not. to my knowl
edpe. been denied), the question of guilt
seems of little consequence In this con
spiracy against innocent men, the fur
therance of which is indicated by indict
ments found by a partisan Grand Jury.
Upon such finding- is based the requisition
papers; which I now refuse to honor."
Governor Mount include* in his state
ment a denunciation of the alleged injus
tice of the Goebel election law, and as
serts that Mr. Taylor has been robbed of
the office to which the people of Ken
tucky elected him. In conclusion he says:
"Another phase of the question that de
serves to be challenged Is the action of the
General Assembly in setting aside the
enormous sum of J100.TXM as a reward for
the conviction of persons "suspected of
having been concerned in the killing of
Mr. Goebel. That of itself is accepted by
all right thinking people as a tempting in
vitation for the propagation of wholesale
perjury and a premium on moral and phy
sical assassination.
The Governor's statement is in the form
of a letter addressed to Governor Beck
bam.
"Until those already In prison have
been accorded a fair trial, thus demon
strating the possibility of securing justice
in your courts, I cannot honor your re
quisition. When the time shall have como
that I can feel assured that a fair trial
will be accorded Mr. Taylor, then, and
not until then, will I honor a requisition
for his return."
Declares That He Has Every Reason
to Believe That a Fair Trial
Would Not Be
Granted.
Governor of Indiana Refuses
to Honor Requisition for
Extradition.
TAYLOR WILL
NOT BE SENT
BACK FOR TRIAL
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL/THURSDAY, JUKE 14, 1900,
Creates a Sensation in Court by Declaring That Because
of Affiliations With Alvinza Hayward Judge
ATTORNEY HAYNE SAYS WATER
CASE IS ONE OF POLITICS
9
FOOD CURE.
derful.
Eesults in Change of Diet Are Won-
"Good food, .properly selected, will,
in rny opinion, cure almost any ordinary
crease. I want to -tell you my experi-
ence and of rny recovery by the selec-
tion of a proper diet. I am a business
woman, very closely confined indoors,
with considerable care and anxiety.
Some time ago I had a severe case of
the grippe and after recovering from it
had a serious time following, as many
people do.
"I was unable to get well until I
changed rny diet, leaving off Mocha and
Js\-a coffee and using the Postum Food
Coffee in its place, and taking up Grape-
Xuts breakfast food. This winter I have
trrven both a fair and continued trial
and the results are superb. I am re-
stored to perfect health and strength,
end as you claim, I have a 'reserve
force' bodily and mentally, that carries
me through many hard places.
"I cannot praise the food too much.
for it will, if used steadily, cure all dis-
turbances of the syftem caused by the
congestions !a grippe is answerable for.
A difh'that contains the most powerful
rebuilding elements can be made as fol-
Ievi-s: Hot milk brought to a boil,
break in two fresh eggs and as soon
sj the eggs ?et pour the boiling milk
and eg??s over some Grape-Nuts in a
f oi:p dish. No breakfast of meat can be
"I use Grape-Nuts in this way every
momini? and have no sense of lack of
food all daj\ I have kept well and re-
markably free from colds all winter.
which I attribute to a fine condition of
health, brought about by the use of the
famous food and of Postum Food Cof-
fee." (Grape-Nuts are perfectly cobked
at factory and are usually served cold,
with a little cream or milk.) Mrs. C. S.
Woodward, 24 Grenada St., St Augus-
tine, Fl»
GRAPE-NUTS.
Sunfca^'e Call
VLola Montez and \ .
\ Her Escapades \ WM
W T m CHEAT >
\ In Grass Valley. \ r"'"'""!
\sTANFORD'S FAM0US\
« «TUI CTCC »
% ATHLblfab. . m
VFire Drill inSanFrancisco's\
\ Schools. \
\how train dispatchersV
% prevent collisions %
\uw Horses Are Trained forthe%
\ American Cavalry. %
\aROUND THE PARIS EX-\
\ POSITION. \ .
\ By GE.NEVJEVE GREEN. %
\For the Best Views of Paris Exposit!3n%
% Get ths Snnday Call. %
five^'cents \ LATEST FAD IN PHOTOGRAPHY-%
per % THE POSTER GIBL. %
coi»r. % %
I I \ Books. Fiction and Stories of m
% Human Interest. «,
%THE CHILDREN IN THE PARkV
. . . &Jie Call J^eads &hem Jhll . .
- - - *THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, JUNE 14, 1 900.
10
PERSONALS.
LEDERER. the up-to-dat© hairdresser*
Has elegantly refitted his parlors.
It's now the neatest place In town.
Hairdressing only 25c, though.
Qu In ton lea hair tonic, 33c bottle.
Foamo Shampoo, fie package.
Indispensable articles. 123 Stockton at
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove ruys. silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
ratea. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
%2 50 MEN'S shoes for %\ £0 a pair at the Be»
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market st. near Third.
PARALYSIS positively -«ured K also nervous,
skin and luny diseases, rheumatism, ossifica-
tion and stiff Joints; no druirs: no knife. DR.
• L. J. STRATTON. 507-503 Parrott bid?., over
Emporium. San Francisco; consultation free.
ELECTRIC lights In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 »0 per night: $1 &> to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ACADEMY for the NEW SCIENCE OF HEAlI
ING: all diseases arc curable; WITHOUT
DRUGS. WITHOUT OPERATIONS: consutta-
tlon free. DR. WM. SCHMITT* 527 Post at.
A FREE shampoo & treatment for falling hair
and dandruff with each SOc bottle of New Dis-
covery Hair Tonic; agents wanted. 113 Eddy.
USE Lillle Webb's soap, made from California
olive oils, roots and herbs; 10c at druggists;
agents wanted. 110 Stevenson, bet. 9 & 10 a.m.
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from Imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMO3. 1117 Market st,
between Seventh and Eighth.
DANIEL CROWLEY. Pima Co. . Ariz.— To your
advantage to address I. E. JARRETT. Law-
yer. Hearst building.
FULL-DRESS and other suits bought: also old
gold. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton «t
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
ootfs Curling Fluid; 25c bottle; druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and sliver bought;
send- postal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny it
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and magnetic)
treatment. S50 Market st.. second floor, na. Si.
G D. MORSE, photoirrapher. 2606 Pacific ave..
between Pierce and Scott; phone Steiner 3301.
LADIES' and gents' ca*t-off clothing bought and
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom. tel. Folsom 1131.
PHOTOGItAPniC SUPPLIES.
WElVan kodakTfree; photo "rappllesr^^icu*
ttudlo. 11 Geary «t. ground floor.
PHYSICIANS AXD SIUGEO.VS.
nn C C O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
loinW Market tt. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
HEAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALE.
col GETZ & BROTHER.
u ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$450 to $300— Choicest Sunset lots; all bargains;
sewered and graded; ready to build on; $19
monthly.
fZZO to J.TCO— Choicest Richmond buildlns lota;
$10 monthly.
$100 to $2nO-LeveI building lots; near Mlsrfon-
st. and San Mateo electric car line; $5 monthly.
JCSO to $1000 — For small cottages la excellent
locations, near cars: payments same as rent.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices; plans and estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 1117 Mission at
SAX FHAXCISCO CALL.
niTf'INXES OFT"ICE of The San Fraoelset
<~a:i. corner cf Market nnd Third rtreets, open
cr.'.il 12 o'clock rvery nlcht la the year.
BRANCH ')FFICES-527 Montgomery street
rcrner Clay; cpen until 9:"0 p. m.
in Heyer srtreet; cpen until .9:30 p. m.
fZ9 McAHlBter rtreet; open iictll 8:30 p. m.
CJ5 l^rV.in street; cpen until 8:50 p. ra.
J3J1 Mi5?'.on rtrcet; open until 10 P. m.
HCl Missica etreet, comer Sixteenth: open un-
til S p. m.
;06 Elpventh^-treet; op^n until 9 p. ra.
1CS6 Valencia stnvt: cpen until J p. m.
Northwest crmor Tw^ity-soccnd and Ken-
t-jekv gtrwtf; tipcn until 9 p. rn.
MEETING NOTICES.
--.,_,,.¦¦_
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. anfl A. «
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
KVHNING, June 14. at 7:30 <• clock. >£_«
I'irst degree. P'- orVter of the SZaster. ' »
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lod B e~N7l20\ F. and A. M. r ft
Hprcial meeting THIS (THl'RSr>A"i)^\^
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de- JZ JT
iT.-ee. Masons cordially invited. By / V *
order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
STtL'TH Fan Francisco Lodge No. 212. F. •
and A. M.. meets THIS (THURSDAY) JJi,
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock, for erst de- J%J\
tree. Uy order cf the Master. ' V >
.- E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. SIC. F. and A. M.— •
facial meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _/\_.
EVENING, at 7:20 o'clock. First de- jS 3C
Free. Mesons are invited. Dy ord«sr of / ? '
the Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
ABOU BEN ADHEM Lodge No.
112 I O. O: F.— Initiation TO- fc«?SS?«
NIGHT (Thursday). VlA&ESaBF
T. U. OEItAM. N. G. <ant*&*-
THE S. K. Scottish Thistle Club » cy v,
rceetsanilS (THURSDAY) EVEN- 1OUJ
ING. Fraternity Uol\. 32 O'Farreil "SXXgc
St.. at S o'clock. Those numbers '¦j!-?*
who have- not as yet received their tickets for
the entertainment may procure them.
JOHN BOSS. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
KNIGHTS olr tbe lied Branch ~Z
Rifles, attention — Members <>r this
company are hereby notified to as- jj
semble in uniform at K. R. B. . .fe
Hall on NEXT SUNDAY MORN- »L &i
ING. June 17. at K o'clock sharp. 'VffrJtjff?
for thp purpose of attendSnc our f\l+*tfJ-'
picnic in Saa Jc*e. L5y order of
CAIT. T. J. MELLOTT. Com. Comry.
JAMi:S SMITH. First Sej-seant
THE Thirty-first District Improvement Club
will hold a mass trozetlzit: of tfce property own-
ers, taxpayers and voters of the Thirty-first
District at TeutonJa Hall, on THURSDAY,
EVENING, June 'A, at o'clock «=harp.
T. TRACETY, President
T>"ms r.TTRC-.Kn. Secretary.
AGEXTS WASTED.
JI500 CAN be mai3e t'uring next 6 months fcy
hurtling airents hand^lns our white and fancy
fd. puarar.teod prood?; Inclose stamp for spe-
rial plan. M. &¦ M. Mff. Co.. PprinKfield, Mass.
ASTHOLOGY.
PROF. A. MASERY of Egypt greatest astrol-
ogrist and palmist in the world; satisfaction
guaranteed. 15 I'nwc'.l St.
ATTOttXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a. Fpecialty; private;
nr> fee without j-urcesp; collections. G. V.*.
HOWE. any. at law. K.0 Market.cor.Etockton.
R. W. KING. M7 Market St.. room C27; all
casef ; no advance charges; call or write.
ADVICE frfp; no charye unlf«F Fuccessful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. £27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. rur.K. Emma PpreckeJ* bids:.. S27 Mar-
ket rt.; consultation free; no ff»es In advance.
BELGIAN II AIL UN.
FOR one week only — Eelpian hare does bred to
our "Lord DoncaFtfr" Jor $20; "Lord Doncas-
ter" is one of the finest sires ever imported;
arrived from England May. 17. 16C<0; sire. Pal-
ace Cup buck of 1M»S; doe, winner of Doncas-
ter Silver Cup of 1S9S; lie w<»n a prize every
time he w«rs fhown in Engljund; wonderful
color: maenificent shape. CALIFORNIA.
BELGIAN HAUE ASSOCIATION. Alameda,
Pal. "
you. f&Ic — Very fine stock of htsh-score. pedl-
jrrt>ed lJolpian hare?, all scored by Mrs. liush. i
KXi'V- Putter st, San Francisco. '
.' ¦¦ " ¦ i
TREMONT Belgian Hare Co.. 213* Fillmore ft..
Kan Francisco. Ca.1. — Send 6c la stamps for
book on care and -feeding.
II ARE Sanitarium— Treatment of sick hares;
positive snuffle cure. DR. JACOBS. 1C16 Turk.
GOLPEN GATE PKLGIAN HARE C. 609 Gold-
en Gate ave.. S. F. ; 500 r&bblts for sale cheap.
IIXCYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN~Bells new bicycle for $20; good article.
3f'l Larkin Ft., corner McAllister.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS boupht and exchanged.
Holmf)- Book Co.. 704 Mission *t.. near Third. '
BUSINESS CIIA3CES.
A— J12.'«; SALOON; elegantly fitted up; estab. j
years ar.J ooir.g u. good paying business; p;ace
located close to I'alace Hotel; rent $00; lease;
large stock, best quality; a rare offer. Call
li. G. WILKE. ;CS Kearny gt.
A— SWO; COIiNER liquore store; close to Chron-
icle bldg.: low rent; bargain. H. p. WILKE.
2C4 Kearny Ft
A— tZM— ELEGANTLY furnished restaurant; on ]
Stockton Ft. ; place establ. many years and do-
ing rushir.g. good-paying business; no better
offer in niarkt-t. li. G. WILKE. 26»£ Kearny.
A— J600; FRENCH restaurant In choicest loca-
tion of Latin quarter; rent ££; a sylendld
;u> ¦.:.„¦ business; must be sold at once, as
owners are going to leave for Paris. Call It.
<i. WILKE. 264 K«rC.rny 6t.
A— tSSC; TRANSFER corner en Mission st. in-
cludir.g building; ground rent, $20; lease of 4
years; flrFt-class; leaving for Europe; net all
Cish necefsary. R. G. WILKE, 2CVi Kearcy.
A~ <S0>; COIiNER cigar 6tore with card room.
close to corner Market and Powell sts. ; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— SKrtG; CANDY route; eetabl. Zi years; all
cash trade, clearing about tlio per mcath. !
Call R. G. WILKE. ?6-fr Kearny st. j
A— $Si0; CORNER saloon; rent SIS; choicest lo- j
cation south or Market Et. : place doing a good
paying business, but parties can't agree. Call !
R. <i. WILKE. 264 Kearny Et.
A— J2i0; CORNER branch bakery and grocery. I
with 4 living rooms, on Geary et. ; low rent |
end cood jiaylr.g business; a rare chance.
Ca'.l It. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A CORNER saloon; large Ftock; 7 living j
roomy; sickness. COWING & CO.. 719 Market. '
A CANDY store. h»-art city; money maker;
J3-':0: thai day. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
AN oyster and chop house; downtown loca-
tion: a map. COWING & CO.. 719 Market Ft
OKOCKRY and bar: fine location : pood chance
for widow. COWING & CO., 719 Market et.
CORNER grocery ar.d bar: fine location: cause. |
gjrknpsy; bargain. Cowing & Co.. 719 Market. '
tlCOO— PATtTNEU wanted: manufacturing of!
staple goods. MeLAl'GHUN. 777H Market j
$400— CORNElt grocery and bar; full value; bar-
galn. McLAVG^LIN & CO.. mhi Market St.
JliOO— MILK route; near the city; established
buc!nf*s: sickn^se cause of Bale. McLAUGH-
LIN A: CO.. 777H Market et.
$C5O-RESTAI;RANT: north of Market St.; bar-
gain; poir.g to Cape Nome cause of eale.
Mclaughlin & co.. 77714 Market r^t
J12S— CIGAR etore with laundry ofSee and club-
room; pood trade: cheap at J200. Pacific Bus!'
nt-:-s Exchanre. 1016 Market st ..j
A— 527J— KALOON; fir.e resort; 7 rooms; large
trade: ficknwi cauce of tale; good location
Pacific Excluxnge. 10)6 Market St.
t2000— CANDY store, factory and ice-cream
parlcr rn Market ex.. doing large business-
sickness eaute of eale. Pacilic Exchange 1C1«
Market st.
A PERIODICAL and variety Etore; established
12 year?; Uvtag rooms connected; comforts of i
home ami business; fc-reau-st bargain in this
line ever offered. ii.A. ItROOKS, 12 G.G. ave.
BARGAIN— Soiling on account of Eastern in-
terestx; K«»nteel business en Market st_- clear-
ins HO I<er day: suitable lady or gentleman;
close investigation solicited. 213 Examiner blif.
SACRIFICE; stationery, notions, periodicals
stock, fixtures. LANE fc CO.. its Market
SCOO— OYSTER and chor.house; ladR-s' rooms-
daily receipts 120 to J2i. KAEILE. 3 Eddy st.
J2SWJ TO J5C0O— rartner wanted. Christian pre-
fprred: business wtnb. ; very desirable, most
profitable; rets, required. Uox 2642, Call.
SCOO — AN old-established Macksmlthins and
horKPshopJng bu^liie^s Bacritlced on account of
death of ov/ccr. 22 Cortland ax-e., nr. Mlaflon.
PARTNER wanted in restaurant and dining
room of a larjre hotel, city; some capital re-
quired. Address box 2CC3. Call office.
JICO: PAYING fealo^n on Sixth Et Apply aT
Wlebman & Lutgen's 218 Clay St.
PARTNER wh') understands candy business to
open etore ; city or country. 126 Third st
GROCERY and bar; well titocked: sold to high-
est bidder. FIHrnorc and Goldpn Gate ave.
5175-RESTAURANT; worth $400; mast be sold.
Inquire Call office. -
SALOON. ¦ downtown, near Market et. ; rent $60
pcrr month. Apply 13 First gt, '
MAKE your own price— Saloon; good business.
N. w. cor. Harrison and Langton 6U.
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
, A— A- STENBERG CO.. 035 Market st s
List your Stores.
City and Country Real Estate.
... Y or any kind of business with us
We can sell for cash
Have buyers waiting
fl.-.C — Branch bakery: bargain.
Hb&— Cigar store; Kearny et.
$2M— Delicacy store; Western Addition
A. STENBERG CO., SC5 Market st Phont
Fclsora 134J. >
A— $200; NICE- little house. 7 rooms; locatloi
best north Market; owner there 5 years; golnf
Germany; must sell. Stenberg Co.. S35 Market
TO lease— Walter Nure Belmont Hotel property
Apply to GEO. C. ROSS. Belmont.
$600 JUDGMENT for sale to highest bidder—:
men were adjudged guilty of obtaining b:
fraud $C00 from a poor old woman; one of tht
men is now occupying a lucrative position ai
pub-inspector in the Custom-house. For ful
particulars apply to A. J. MORRELL, attor
ney in fact for the woman. 376 Geary et.. r. 1
WANTED— Partner in business established 2
years in Oakland; pays from $4C0 to $500 pe;
month; $7500 capital required, which wjll tx
fully pecured hy cood real estate; no chonct
of loss: must be a business man. competent tc
ke?p books and collect bills. Call or addrest
Call branch office, Oakland.
OLD established corner grocery, coal yard,
hay and grain business Included, at bargain
to the right party; long lease. Apply corner
Fifteenth and Guerrero sts.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location: place is entirely covered and con-
tains J Etall*: rent only $15; water free. In-
quire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call
building.
KEARNY-ST. business; establifhed 10 years;
guarantee profit of $300 monthly: JSOO; must
sell; receipts $26 dally. 411 Kearny 6t.
FOR sale — Branch bakery, notion and confec-
tionery store; ill health cause. Inquire at
21S Fourteenth st. corner Natoma.
WANTED— An investment south of Market 6t;
$8000 to $COC0; must pay a good Income. Ad-
dress M.. box 2634. this office.
S1S0O— FOR SALE— A finely located restaurant:
will cl*ar $200 r«" month; owner has S places.
Inquire at 10SS Howard st
| FAMILY liquor store at Invoice value; good
location: lease. Ml Market Bt.
! A FIRST-CLASS shoo shop: good prices; good
work; small stock shoes. 332 Bush st
NURSERY for sale; Jobs and tools. Including
florist. 1724 Central ave.
RARE chance— Very valuable cor. cigar store
for eale account leaving city,. Box 2551. Call.
Al GROCERY and bar; no agents. Box 31S5.
Call office.
$4'0— CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living rooms;
account cf sickness. 1111 Howard; no agents.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento 6t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
BubFcriptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. '
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
M P.OOMS, central, best In any city $1600
SI rooms; Income $225; rent $100 $900
to rooms; boarders: fine lawn; residence. .$1000
14 rooms; extra good; worth $1500; full.... $700
12 rooms. Sd full; rent $35; nr. Market.... $350
14 rooms; very fine and respectable $1323
Several of 8, 9 and 10 rooms; $273 up to $500
Money to loan; 163 other houses
j II. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r. 1, nr. Call bldg.
FIRST-CLAPS hotel; central location; Oakland;
10 rooms: furnished; rent $100; elevator serv-
ice. A. M. SPECK & CO.. G67 Market st.
j $12.-,— FINELY furnished house of 7 rooms and
bath, lrrludlns piano: going to Kngland cause
of sacrifice. Pacific Exchange. 1016 Market at.
* CAItltlAUES AND WAGOXS.
I ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
I etc., cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at .%32 Mission st.
NEW & 2<i-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving hprses. 15th & Valencia,
SPIUITUALIS3L
RETURNED — C. Steers; circle to-day, 2 p. m.,
25c; readings, $1. 112^i Oak Bt.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. Of> McAllister; 10c;' come skeptics.
AT Friendship Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. Mey-
er; convincing test to-night, 10c; sittings.
GO to Watson, test medium; occult; lucky and
truest. 1CS1 Market et.. near Twelfth.
MRS. WEST, trance, test medium and mag-
netic treatment. 1206 Market St., rooms 15-16.
EARLE. 330 Ellis Ft.— Seances Sun. and Wed.;
I readings dally; will leave the city June 15.
WYLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis St.. 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Sundays Included.
' MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, tect. business
medium. Ufp reader: sitting. $1. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVO VAXTS.
MRS. PR. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 205 Turk St..
may be consulted on all affairs of life; she
Will show you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family trouble?; restore lost affec-
tions; unite the separated; satisfaction guar-
antp^d by mail; send stamp for circular with
ppeclal terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 205 Turk
Et., near Jones.
MME.LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; cpen
Sundays. 1167 Market st, bet. 7th and 8th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card
reaJer: born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readings: L.. 50c;
G., $1; palm & clairvoyant sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
part, present future: 25c. 143 Sixth st, r. 14.
MME, RENNER. planet reader, palmist; ladles
only; 25c and 50c. &18V. Geary, Saratoga court.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; best advice. 823
Mission st, near 4th. rm. 3; 23c up; ring bell.
MME. 7.EREDA of 5 Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader; readings, 25c; no sign.
MME. August clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 23c & SOc. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
Fittings daily. '212'^ Sixth St.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 23c up. 5 Fourth st
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; 2Jc: ladles. 814 O'Farrell st.
CARPET BEATIXG A.\D CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama Bt; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
342-344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Fteam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 8th st ; tel. South 250.
J. McQtJEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.. tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WA-LCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carret-Bectlng Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126. ¦¦:.'¦
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
leng successful. Room 310. S27 Market et.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 803 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 r.o up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p.'m. : Sundays. » to 2
l>. ra. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old i>letes made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. SOc; gas given.
GET our prices for painless dentistry before
going elsewhere. NEW YORK DENTAL
PARLOR. Sixth and Mission sts.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell et. on
vacation from June 13 until July L |
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1031 Market 6t, corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c
SET o7 teeth without plate. DIt H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
t>R- CHEHXrS C. P. dog soap creates a
smooth, silky coat: for sale by all druggists
or at the ' hospital, '.10 Golden Gate ave.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; doss boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL'B Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladies' tallorintr; eve. class. "103 Post.
MME. REilCERT, C20 Sutter St., dressmaking
school ; any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 2S7 Geary St.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit
ACCORDION, pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over OXonnor&Moffatt .
EDUCATIONAL.
THE Pacific Coast Regular College of Medi-
cine, San Francisco, Howard street, between
Fourth and Fifth streets (Incorporated under
the laws of California), will open Its regular
course June 15. All lectures will be delivered
In the evenlnc
Daily clinics, free for the poor, will be held
In the college building from 9 a. m. to 8:30
p. m.
For uartlculars address THE DEAN OF
THE MEDICAL COLLEGE, at the building,
SIS Howard Et. _^ ¦ "
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
AYRES', the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; life scholarship, $50; includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 303 Larkin st. ;
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; esk 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mail; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
S. F. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session
begins June 11; catalogue upon application.
M. L. PANCOAST, Secretary. 610 Golden Gate.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. IP.; founded 1SC3; KO-page catalogue free.
LAW schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
OALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand; bookkeeping. Parrott big.; caflog-.
PROF. MERKI, successful teacher of mandolin,
violin and guitar. 10C8 Mission, above S^th.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School: modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addPess in the
United States or Canada one year for |L
postage paid. -"•¦"-/-'
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
turn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay S6.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
beet help furn. ; tel. John 2121. S06H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EHPI/OYJIEXT WANTED FEMALE.
AN experienced stenographer desires position;
highest recommendations. Address STEN-
OGRAPHER. box 2644, Call office.
A REFINED Protestant woman wants situa-
tion; Is a good cook: city or country; no
postals. Call at 474 Jessie-' st.
AN experienced and competent ladles' nurse
wishes a few more engagements; references.
S666 Twentieth St. '
WOMAN wants work by the day. Apply 632
Eddy st
WOMAN wants work by the day washing,
housecleani.ng. 732 Howard st ¦ '
YOUNG lady wants situation to do second work
or general housework where the lady would
assist with cooking. Call or address 25A Sil-
ver st
AN exr>»rier,ced Infant's or Invalid's nurse de-
Blres situation in good family: is willing to do
sewing. Addroes box 2636. Call office.
YOUNG woman wants general housework In
small family: wages $1S. Address B. C, box
19. 106 Eleventh St.
GIRL wishes light housework or care of chil-
dren. 1765B Howard »t
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements -and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
EMPLOYMENT IV ANTED MALE.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, desires work
in private family; thorough experience;
ptrictly 60ber; uses no tobacco: not afraid of
work; undeniable references. Address R., S69
Mission st. • ;
SITUATION wanted by a man as gardener,
hostler or to do general work around place;
city or country; reference. Box 4400, Call.
BLACKSMITH helper wants steady work in
shop where there is no horse shoeing; city or
country. Box "2B41. Call office.
PAINTER, paper hanger and decorator, first-
class, quick mechanic with complete outfit,
will work reasonable- city or country; day or
Job. PAINTER, 966 Folsom st.
RELIABLE young man. 24 years, wishes posi-
tion as assistant bookkeeper or general assist-
ant with established firm; reference from late
employer. Addross box 1763, Call office.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener wants
situation; pober and industrious; can" milk;
best references. Address P. LUND, 360 Sev-
enth St., .Oakland.
COACHMAN and general man; experienced in
care of horses, carriages, garden, etc.; refer-
ences. Address A. R.. 1104 San Pablo ave..
Oakland.
TRUSTWORTHY, middle-aged German wishes
to learn bartending; references given. Box
2638. Call. -^
FIRST-CLASS German gardener; sober and
Industrious; understands the care of cows;
best of references. Please address Gardener,
box 2632. Call office.
Al ENGINEER and machinist desires situa-
tion; city or country. Box 2633. Call office.
YOUNG German desires position; security if
required. Address Box 2630, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for CalTSdvertlsements and
x subscriptions has been ertablished at 1096
Valencia st. «
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071% Market st— Examinations free: German
eye water by mall, GOc. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician, sio Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
BOND redemotlon.— To whom It may concern:
In accordance with law notice is hereby given
by the State of Utah, successor to the Terri-
tory of Utah, that on July 2. 1900, it will,
when properly audited by the State Auditor
and duly presented at the office of the State
Treasurer of the State of Utah, pay In full
principal and interest accrued to that date,
on the following described bonds: The entire
Issue of three hundred negotiable Coupon
Bonds of the Territory cf Utah. Said bonds
are dated July first. 1890, and payable twenty
years from date or any time after the expira-
tion of ten years from their date at the op-
tion of the makers. The said bonds are num-
bered from one to three hundred, both inclu-
sive. The amount of money In the hands of
the undersigned State Treasurer available for
the purpose of paying the principal Is threw
hundred thousand dollars and sufficient to
pay the accrued Interest to July second, 1900,
and any and' all of raid bonds not bo pre-
sented for payment on the second day of July,
1P00. will cease to draw interest from and
after that date, and such funds shall remain
in the State Treasury to discharge suc"h bonds
whenever presented.
All persons interested In said bonds will
take due notice hereof and govern them-
selves accordingly. '
(Signed) JAMES CHIPMAN.
State Treasurer of the State of Utah.
Dated June first. 19QQ.
"-—_______-__ — —
100 FLATS^ cottages, etc A. M. SPECK &
C. €C7 Market Bt
2021 Pine; f.;6r $2* 1411 Larkin: f.;4r....$15
808 McAllister; f.; 6r. 25 2529 Post; f.; 6 r 16
793 Haight; c.f.; 7 r. 25 30 Page; f.; 2 r 10
11S1 Geary;, f.; 6 r.$32 50 C75 Geary; r. f.; 4 r.. »
A— 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417% Third.
ALL bright fiats. 4 and S rooms, bath. 1043
and 1044 Sacramento st.'. below Mason.
ELLIS, 741B— Modern lower 7-room flat, and 42
Willow ave., corner Polk, 5-room sunny cot-
tage; only $20 each.
FLATS. 4 and 5 rooms; bath. Off Howard st,
bet 12th and 13th; key at 1C26 Howard st
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN * HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW modern sunny flats; bath, yard, base-
' ment: C and 7 rooms; reas. 1931, 1935 O'Farrell.
SMALL fiat for rent; furniture for sale; cheap.
212 Van Ness ave. ' :
SUNNY upper flat; 8 rooms; bath; all sunny;
rent $25. Cor. Broadway and Larkin st. -
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. | IS pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. - • . .
. FUn.MTUHE KOIl SALK.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $43 50. with No.
I 7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE U'ANTED.' ~
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission Et.,: pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Ca) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
HEIRS to unsettled estates in probate can re-
ceive cash at once: also nrst or second mort-
gage loans on real estate, furniture and
pianos: no removal; prompt dealing; no
charge unless loan Is granted. EQUITABLL
LOAN CO.. room «03. Examiner building.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lav get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3>
ANY proposition, any amount: « per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; life Insurance. Room 16, first
floor Chronicle big.. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private Place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at low-
est ratea. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
LOANS made on furniture at «i per "nt: also
loans to salaried people. HARSHBARGER.
322 Ellis St.. room 34. ___
/ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
! furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 2« Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watchts. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 13 Sixth;
highest price for old gold. sll\er. diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
; pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
. AT 126 Kearny. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis S05.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quJclc
service; money direct; lowest Interest Rooms
68 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif.
TO salaried people; without security: all busl-
nesa confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Jndorspr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 118 McAllister.
TO salaried men without collateral or lndorser.
8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY WASTED.
WANTED — $1500 on choice suburban tract; 13
per cent. Address box 2662, Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BARGAINS I BARGAINS'! BARGAINS'.::
$125. $173. $200. tZO.
BUY NOW-DON'T WAIT.
MAUVAIS 1 . 769 Market st.
PACKARD PIANOS and ORGANS.
Latest Improvements. Finest Tone.
Most Beautiful Cases. Fair Prices.
MAUVAIS' MUSIC CO.. 75D Market ft.
PAYMENTS accepted for all kinds of Musical
Instruments. If you don't want to pay cash,
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.
AS we represent the best make of pianos la
every grade, from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos. $$ cash. $S per
month: other pianos $3. $4 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houss
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to pleaaa and satisfy th j
customer.
A BEAUTIFUL upright piano; high grade;
elegant case: rich tone: used a few months;
must be sold Immediately; $100. Room 21.
Flood building.
AN upright, good condition. $S5: Decker Bros.*
baby grand, a snap, $250. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON, IS OTarrell St.: Chlckerlng. Bteck.
Vcse, Sterling and Curtaz Pianos.
BARGAINS— A few planes will be sold this
week for storage; offers wanted (cash or in-
stallments). Wilson's Stcrage Co.. 1710 Mrkt.
FOR sale — Violin: Magginl; good tone; cheap.
23034 Mission st.
SOHMER ft CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler, Hamil-
ton piano?. 30S Post st.
STEINWAY upright $1S3: Installments. $3. $3.
$10: rents $2 up. HEINE'S. 136 Ellis it.
FINE Krell uptight piano at a great bargain.
STATHAM. 106 McAllister St.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos. $3 payments:
for rent. $2 up. BRUENN. 2CS Post st
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. SCHMITTi 18
McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES A.\D STORES — TO LET.
STORE suitable for dressmaker; counter,
shelves: yard, kitchen with stove. Apply 3Z2
Fifth st.
$10 FOR half of office; third floor; prominent
office building. Box. 2643. Call office.
$55— LARGE store; 23 Sixth st Apply on
premises. .
LARGE stores and sunny offices near Hall of
Justice. Court block. BABIN. 413 Kearny at.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St Germain College o£
Palmistry: reads 1 to 8. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st. bet. Geary & Post: phone Black 561.
HELP WAXTED-MALK.
t MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN E843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
.WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
I 7263 men for all parts of California, Utah.
) 'Washington. Arizona and Hawaiian Islands.
Oregon, Nevada and British Columbia
; Free fare and office fee Onlv Jl
r and no other expenses to Los Angeles and
Santa Barbara districts; we ship you to-day.
9 a. m. and 5:30 p. ra., for S. P. R. R.I la-
borers, teamsters $2 and $2 23 a day
; MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
; A— LOOK. ..HERE ANY HANDY.. .MEN
i Can fill this job; 25 laborers, handy with tools,
i to build flume, $30 to $40 and found; no tools
: needed; company supplies tools.
I SPECIAL
10 laborers, no experience required, for the
sawmills and woods, $40 and found; fare paid.
: MUHRAY & READY. 631-C3S Clay st.
A-FREE PARE CALL EARLY
; Dunsmuir division, free fare
Shasta division, free fare
To Salt Lake City, Utah division Free
; Wadsworth, Nevada division ..Free
Sacramento. California division Free
, Western, Fresno, Madera, Bakersfleld di-
vision , Free
Truckee division of California Free
All coast divisions of California Free
Laborers, teamsters, etc. ; regular wages paid
Office fee $1 Free fare
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— FOR A BANK SYNDICATE.. YOU'LL SUIT
25 men or strong boys to work In a large or-
chard and vineyard and farm, to pick fruits,
work in packing and drying houses, help to
dig small trenches so water can run down be-
tween vines, etc. ; wages $26 per month and
found ; a steady Job year round if you are
willing to do the work; general manager will
teach you
• ALSO
Harness-makers, shoemakers; boys to peddle
fruits. 115 to $30 and found; 4 boys to work
In a factory, 53 to $5 a week.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay Bt. •
A— FREE FARE NEW RAILROAD
Teamsters $2 day
Rockmen ¦. "..... $2 day
Laborers $2 day
20 rock drillers $2 day.
. Free Fare Office Fee $1 only
\ AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE
to 35 Sawmills, etc
No Experience Wanted
C63 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines; wages from $26 to $49 per
month and found
- Also lumber pliers, bark peelers, $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers. band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen, In
fact, we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $S0, $75. $90, $120, $60,
$50. $40. $30 and found; 684 woodchoppers, tie-
makers, tools and food found; some at mines,
$3. $2 50. $2. $1 50, $1 and 75c cord; shingle
Uoiner, shrngle packer; 25 laborers for-a saw-
mill, fare paid, $40 and found
..HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CREWS..
Header, wagon drlvers.-$2 a day and found:
282 men to run mowers, rakes pitch and work
in fields, header men, etc.. $1 25, $1 50.' $2 day
and found. COME AND SEE
....STABLES, VINEYARDS, ORCHARDS....
'•.... GARDENS
J6 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $40. $35.
$30. $25 and found' ".
129 vineyard and orchard hands, $35, $30. $20
and found; 5 gardeners, 1 stableman, all for
private families, $30, $25, $29 and found. COME
SEE
DAIRIES, CHEESE FACTORIES
39 milkers for different places. $35. $30 and
found; 5 butter-makers and run separators,
boss here, $35 and found; 5 cheesemakers,
different Jobs, $35 and $40 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
19 blacksmiths and horseshoers, $2 50 day. $G0
$70, $15, $35 and found; also 5 helpers, $12 a
week. $35 and found; 5 woodworkers, carrlage-
. makers, $3. $2 50 day, $40 and found. $60 and
found; carriage and wagon painter. $40 and
found; cooper to make butter kegs
....S. P. R. R... DIFFERENT DIVISIONS....
Free Fare Office Fee $1
Section and reconstruction and new work la-
borers. You'll suit. Regular wages
6ff laborers, S. P. R. R $2 day, free fare
SPECIAL NOTICE... MINES.. 1BIG WAGES
35 laborers for mines, no experience required,
>you'U suit. $40 to $4S per month and found; 29
miners, single hand..... $90 and $75
CROWDS GOING TO GOLD MINES
FOR A NEW MINE
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 50, $34 and
found; 6 men and wives for ranches, $40. $35,
$30 and found
READ THESE CAREFULLY
265 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco, $3,
$2 50, $2, $1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
home
For other positions come down and read
bill beards.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A-COOKS BAKERS WAITERS
8 butchers. $33 to $50; 8 bakers, city and coun-
try shops, $40 and $30; 35 cooks, restaurants,
hotels and boarding-houses, ranches, etc.. $35
to $C0 and found; waiters, city and country
hotels and resorts
$25, $30 and $35 and found
Washers, country laundry $30 and found
Barber to run country shop
Porters, elevator boys, etc. ; 4 bakers' help-
en ...'. $30. $35. $25 and found
I MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. I
A — COOPER. $3 day; woodworker, $2 50 day; 6
laborers for mine company, fare &0c, $50 and
found; 12 single hand miners, fare $2 50, $60
and found
....Coal miners hard rock miners drill-
ers rockmen hammersmen. $3 25 day....
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— $3 50 DAY HAY BALERS..'... $3 50 DAY
Tailors (zee boss here)
3 coatmakers. country
3 pantsmakers. country
MARRIED HELP
Cook and wife, small hotel, mining town
.' $50 and found
First, second bakers, country shops, $50, $35
and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper and stenographer.
Remington machine $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— LATEST telephone and telegraphic dls-
pctches:
... Carpenter, sawmill company, fare paltl......
$40 and found
Shop butcher, country $30 and found
Cnoreman and wife for mill company
$55 and found
Ship's carpenter, Government work
$35 and found
Ranch cook, $1 25 fare S40 and found
Steward, restaurant, $14 week and board
Bedmaker. etc
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— BOY for our office. $4 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
4 inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal., or
530 K'st., Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED— Dishwasher and vegetableman at
Romer's Cafe, 205 Kearny st. Apply chef In
the kitchen.
PHOTOGRAPHY— Practical printers and fin-
ishers; good wages; permanent. VAN DYKE,
1303 Polk st.
WANTED— Retail salesman for crockery busi-
ness; give references and experience. . Box
2645. Call office.
PRESSER on custom vests; good wages. 541
Market st. ¦
PRESSER at the California Clothing Renova-
tory, 116 Geary st. '
FIRST-CLASS barber to work on percentage;
Bteady position. 103. Sixth st. .
GOOD bedmaker. New Atlantic Hotel, 207
Montgomery ave.
SMALL boy to run errands during vacation. 227
Fifth at.
CHIEF cook; must have flrst-class references.
Box 2639, Call. -
WANTED— A young man to assist in a grocery
store. Apply 1363 Folsom Bt. . .. .
YOUNG man for clerk. Dewey House, 32 East
street.
WANTED — Operators on coats and vests. 102-
104 Battery st.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 435 Ellla st.
WANTED— Young man to wait at table; small
coffee house; $20 and found. 700 Mission st.
BARBER wanted; steady. 108 Fourth st.
GROCERY clerk wanted; about IS years old.
Box 2658. Call office. %
BAKER, third hand, for bread and a little In
cake. 1101 Howard st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; wages.
872% Howard st. '
BARBER; good extra Job or steady. 623
Clay st:
WANTED— Experienced man to bottle whisky
on piece work; state reference. Box 14. Call.
BARBERS; 3-chalr shop for sale; must sell at
once. 213 O'Farrell st.
'GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 25c to
We. B€2 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS cabinet maker wanted. FINK &
SCHINDLER. 1309 Market «t. .
WANTED— Young . men to . learn Jewelry trade
1201 Market at.
EXPERIENCED pressman on coats; good Day
718 Market at.
MAN or boy to do Janitor work for tuition at i
San Francisco Barber School, 741 A Howard st.
WANTED— Tailor on coats: steady work; also
pressman; 135V& Natoma; nr.New Montgomery.
STRONG "boy as -dishwasher; good wages. iV3 ;
Fourteenth St., Oakland. .
WANTED— Boy to learn bakers' trade. 2757
Twenty-f ourth st. . s ¦
HELP WANTED-FEMALE.
WANTED— Laundress, assist kitchen, country
resort, $25; chambermaid, wait 1 meal, coun-
try hotel, $20; 6 waitresses and chambermaids,
city and country, $20; Scotch girl, general
housework, short distance, $25; girl to do
¦ cleaning, institution. $25; girl, general house-
work, country. S30; 4 second girls, city. $20:
3 cooks, country hotels, $30 and $35; and many
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter.
WANTED— Pastry and second cook for institu-
tion. $35 and $40; cook, private family, coun-
try. $35; man and wife for country. $35; fancy
ironer for country laundry, $30 and found;
also 2 ironers for hotel. $30; second girl, plain
sewing, across the bay, $25; 3 second girls
for city, $20; 50 girls for general housework
in American and Jewish families, city and
BEfT7hf°Su < gte? I Bl >80 -- APPly tO J " * VCRO "
A-C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5
•••¦ HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $35, head waitress, $25; 2
waitresses, $20; 4 waitresses, same summer
resort, $20; 6 waitresses, different resorts, $20:
waitress, cafe, country, $25 and found; 6
waitresses, commercial hotels, $20; 2 wait-
resses, $7; 2 lunch waitresses. $3 50. same
place, see party here 11 a. m.: 2 chamber-
maids, city, $17 00; middle-aged working
• housekeeper, country hotel, $20; woman
cook, $30.
FAMILY ORDERS
Cook and houseglrl for Glen Ellen. $25. see
party here at 10 o'clock; ranch cook. Sulsun.
$25, fare paid ; working housekeeper, widow-
er's family. $15; 3 nurse girls, $15. $20; house-
girls. $20, $25; others. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS, city hotel, $15 each. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Butter St. __-
A CHAMBERMAID and seamstress, $20, see
lady here at 10 a. m. to-day: laundress, instl-
tutlon, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
COOK and second girl, same house, $30 and $25"
second girl, Oakland, $25; two cooks, $30 and
$25; middle-aged woman, housework, $20.
MRS. NORTON. 312 Sutter st
ATTRACTIVE girl wanted to assist In shoot-
ing range. Call at SHREVE & BARBER'S,
511 Kearny st., from 9 a. m. to 4 p. m.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for housework and
plain cooking. 1620 Geary st.
GIRL or woman for housework. Call after 9
a. m., 1053 Market st, upstairs. - ¦:;¦.:'..¦-.
GIRL for chamber work and waiting. Call 801 ,
Scott st. corner Fulton. . -5 :-'? :
GIRL for housework: good wages; sleep home.
3086 Twenty-fourth Et, near Folsom.
YOUNG girl for general housework; 4 in fam-
ily; no children. 1930 Sutter st
MIDDLE-AGED woman; housework In coun-
try; 3 in family; wages small. 2700A Mission.
GOOD hands on vests; also an apprentice; best
prices. 641J4 Stevenson st. •
A NURSEGniL wanted. 878 Broadway.
NEAT young girl; mind children; light house-
work. 1009 Powell st
GIRL wanted for dressmaking. 303V4 Eighth
Btreet.
WANTED— Operators on coats and vests. 102-
104 Battery st. ' :
WANTED— A girl for light housework. 1004A.
Golden Gate ave.
RESPECTABLE girl wanted for light house-
work; apply to-day. 1725 Green st.
GIRL to work in rooming house. £55 Washing-
ton St.. Oakland. •
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Cough
and Grove sts.
FIRST-CLASS starch work Ironers; also girls
to learn ironing; good wages. Apply La
Grande Laundry, 22S Twelfth st.
BRIGHT young ladles for our advertising de-
partment; $1 50 per day or more, according
to ability. 147 Phelan bldg.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman to do
light housework in hotel. Southeast corner
Seventh and Franklin sts., Oakland.
PRESSERS. finishers and operators wanted at
M. SIMONOFF'S, 1238 Market st; good pay.
GIRL for light housework and help in store.
2757 Twenty-fourth St., near York.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 858 How-
ard St., bet. 4th and 5th, over handball court.
LUNCH waitress. 11 a. m. to 1 p. m.; email
restaurant 52 Eighth st.
WANTED — Oirl for general housework; wages
$10 to $12. 2125 Union st
WANTED— Woman of intelligence, neat in ap-
pearance and energetic. Box 2640, Call.
WANTED — Girl for housework; email family;
$10 to $12 a month. 456 Bryant st.
GIRL for housework and cooking. Apply at 612
Halsht st.
APPRENTICES for hair work at G. LEDER-
ER' S, 123 Stockton st.
GIRL for light housework wanted. 1044 Ellis
etreet.
WANTED— A German girl for general house-
work and assist care of child. 766A Harrison.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady to do general
housework and cooking on ranch. 707B Stock-
ton Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED Jewish woman for housekeep-
ing. Twentieth and Shot well sts., grocery.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' white
shirts. 535 Valencia st.
APPRENTICES and finishers on coats. 117
Russ at.
GIRLS. GIRLS. \ GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'s overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32H Fremont.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit
Folsom st. bet. 13th and 14th sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 220O Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. <. " '..¦•¦- ":•
HELP "WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R^ HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
WANTED TO-DAY
For the Southern Pacific R. R. Co., direct.
Free fare.. Fee $1 Free fare
200 laborers $2 a day
For track gang, ballasting and rock quarry
in Santa Barbara County
500 laborers $160 to $175 a day
For track gang, section work, reconstruction
and new work in different northern and
southern divisions.
CO laborers ...Jl 60 a day
For Shasta division
50 men for track gang ..-..$2 a day and up
Spikers, strappers lroncar men and laborers
for Los Angeles County.
Board {4 50 a week
Free fare Free fare
Wanted for the Coast Road free fare
300 teamsters, rockmen and laborers, $2 a day;
fee $1 .'.
For Los Angeles and Santa Barbara divi-
sions '. free fare
30 four-horse teamsters $2 25 day
tO woodmen, barkers, Jackscrewers and la-
borers, $30 to $45 and board: 10 farmers, $1
and $1 25 a day and board; 20 quartz miners
$2 60 day; 10 farmers for orchards and vine-
yards, $25; 20 quarry men, $2 25 a day; black-
Emiths. $40, 145 and $2 60 a day; milkers, $26
to $30; choreman, summer resort. $20
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker ahd pastry cook, country hotel, $60;
bread and cake baker, country, $60; baker;
North. $17 a week; 2 shop bakers, country. $40
and $45; 6 second bakers. $30, $35, $40; 3 baker's
helpers, city and country, $27 60 and $30; head
cook, eprings, $30; third cook, country hotel
$35; 10 cooks, $30, $35, $40 and $45; 20 dishwash-
ers and kitchen-hands. $20. $25 and $30.
waiters, different country hotels, $30 to
Crew for hand laundry, country hotel;
washer, hand laundry. $30; Ironer. Tyler ma-
chine. $15 a week; 6 ironers, country, $30
Night porter, country hotel, $25 and free
fare} porter, hotel, city, $20
Short order cook, country hotel, $50; second
cook. French or German, $75..
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 'Geary : st"
CARPENTER for mill. $45 and found; machin-
ist for mill, $50 and board; machinist and
general mechanic for mine, J3 day: 2 -wagon
blackBrniths. $3 to $4 day; 3 Jobbing black-
emlthr. $2 day and boara: blacksmith helper:
3 wheelwrights. $2 50, *3 day and $35 and
board; carpenter for hotel, $2 day and board-
2 washers and starchers, $30 and $35 and
found; ironer and polisher, $50; boy to learn
carpenter's trade. J3 week. J. F. CROSETT
Agency. 628 Sacramento st.
RANCH foreman, $50 and found; 4 -men and
wives for ranches and private families, $35,
$40 nnd $50; farmers, $25 and $30; S milkers,
$30; cheesemnker, $35; choreman and milker
for resort. $25; teamsters. $26 and $30; labor-
ers for lumber roads and wagon roads, $26 and
board; woodsmen of all kinds. $30 to $40 and
board; laborers for lumber company, $22, nnd
many others. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 623
Sacramento st.
SECOND butler/ $30; second cook, resort, $40:
pastry cook. $40; cook and wife. $75; hotel
cooks, restaurant cooks, kitchen help of all
kinds; waiters for restaurants and hotels,
and others. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 62S Sac-
ramento st
3 DRIVERS for milk wagens, $25 and $23 and
board and $50 month. J. F. CROSETT Agen-
cy, CIS Sacramento et.
A' MAN and wife, small ranch, San Mateo, $33,
easy place: see lady here to-day at 10 a, m.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st
COOK and helper, mining town, $65; fare here;
good place. . MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
WANTED— Man and wife for private place;
email family; $60.' MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter. .
BARBERS' . Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th:. tel. Jessie '151
WANTED— Reliable, steady, man to drive milk
wagon In flret-class dairy;. $50 and room. 1 2200
Po.nt Loboa ave.,. cor.- Eleventh ave.'
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED
Blacksmith and tool sharpener for mine; good
steady place at $75 and board.
2 blacksmith helpers on ranch. $30 and board.
Younsr man as saloon porter; short distance
In country: $33 a month.
2 muckers J2 day
Dairyman; small private dairy; see party here
to-day; $25 to $30.
Third hand baker; country shop; $30 and fd.
4 laborers for rock crushers; San Mateo; $23
and found. - :; • ."
5 laborers for bricic yard; $30 and board; fare
paid."
Ranch cook; Santa Clara $23
Waiter; country hotel; $30 and fare advanced.
German or Swiss man and wife for vineyard;
$10.
6 laborers around mine; steady work; $1 73
a day.
iiiiker." ' Oakland'. '. ".'.'."'."'.'."'..'..".........'. .... $32
Milker, countrj' * s)
200 railroad iaborers: free fare.
W. D. EWER & CO.. S10 CTay at.
WANTED— 2 and 4 horse teamsters: apply
early Monday at 527 14th st. near Guerrero.
San Francisco Construction Company. _^
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job. Apply
725 Fourth St.. Pan Rafael; telephone red 13.
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job. SAM
WITT, 2013 Santa Clara ave.. Alameda,
YOUNG barber": wanted from 1 to 2 years' ex-
perience. 604 Montgomery ave.
WANTED— Man to be generally useful around
kitchen. Hotel Repelier, 781 Sutter st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special inducements this season; only
institution in the world teaching this trade:
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633
' Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 130 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. '
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
$135— BARGAIN; 4-chalr barber shop; paying
well; sickness cause sale. 1342 Market st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to prder. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 18
— . years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 23c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and. from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night: 73c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va~
•Iencla st.
HORSES, LIVE: STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FINE light team, suitable for grocery or
camping, cheap, at 1715 Sacramento st.
CARLOA D young horses, weighing 1200 to 1500.
J. D. FORRESTER, salesman. 1636 Mission.
HORSES — Young, well broken, for all purposes,
cheap; best In city. 721 Howard st-. nr. Third.
FOR rale— 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
Z1EL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Oolden Gate ave.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list- houses to let; send for clr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COUNTRY TTOUSE TO LET.
FOR rent to desirable tenants-rThe finest
country home near to San Francisco; suitable
for large family or for summer resort. De-
lightful location on bluff overlooking a beau-
tiful stretch of the river, affording superior
boating, bathing and fishing. Trains stop on
the crounds. Fourteen acres of lawns, or-
chard and gardens. Main house of 12 rooms.
One cottase of 8 rooms and one cottage cf
¦ two rooms: completely furnished, with
stables, storehouse and chicken houses. Three
hours from San Francisco. For further par-
ticulars address X. Y. Z., box 2630, Call office.
HOUSES TO LET PUUMSUGD.
CITY— 14 rooms; complete; Broadway.
Oakland— 12 rooms; near Lake Merritt
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market St.. S. F.
BELVEDERE— Furnished house. Apply room
83. Chronicle bldff.
CALIFORNIA. 1711. near Van Ness .ave.— 10-
room house, completely furnished. '
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Sunday morning, bay gelding; white fet-
lock behind, white star In forehead. Return
to 4426 Nineteenth st and receive liberal re-
ward.
LOST— Fruitvale to S. F., 10 a. m., June 11.
black-beaded silk purse with gold and silver;
reward. MRS. L. ALBRECHT, Fruitvale.
LOST — A hay-roller, neighborhood Brannan and
Sixth sts. Return to 1762 Ellia st; liberal re-
ward.
LOST— In vicinity of Twenty-sixth and Harri-
son sts., a parrot. Return to 3105 Twenty-
sixth st. and recel\ - e reward. ..-./
MEDICAL.
MRS..DR?^61lLT^niy~reTiable ladles' special-
lst of long and successful practice Guaran-
teed treatment at office, $3; home in confine-
ment; best care; consultation free and con-
fidential. 446 Eddy st., bet Leavenworth and
Hyde; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8, Sundays 10 to 4.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Write or call at
102JK Market it.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
has returned from Europe; safe and reliable:
cure $S; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice in S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1007H Market St.. near 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 23 yrs.
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
office, $5: any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; lata
scientific methods; treatment. $3.
Y. S.— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists,
1118 Market gt: every case guaranteed; $5 up.
NICE reliable home for confinement treasona-
ble. 2012 Folsom st MRS. DR. PFEIFFER
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 193-137 Fremont Bt
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures: new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits* on hand:
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything ih 21 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission at, above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
BEAUTIFUL pair of Shetland ponies; also
single driver; harness and cart. 1074 East
Twenty-first fit., Oakland.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market st, San Francisco.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny. st., near Pine.
THOROUGHBRED Spitz pup; 'male. Apply
727 Franklin st
NEW 20-lIght T. and H. arc light dynamo with
.. regulator, complete. WHITE. £16 Mission st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar riroof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
A FINE suit, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $2 50.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and lire and burg-
lar proof safe. 216 California St.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109,-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
$20 'ALLOWED on old sewing machines for
new. Address box 319S. Call office. :
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WUITEHEAD. 710 Market «t JNEW YORK— Arrived June 13— Stmx Teu
tonic, from Liverpool and Queenstown.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 13— Stmr Iver
nia. from Liverpool, for Boston.
MOVILLE — Sailed June 13 — Stmr Louisiana,
from Liverpool, for Montreal.
SOUTHAMTON— Sailed June 13— Stmr Saale,
from Bremen, for. New York, via Cherbourg.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to June 13— Stmr
Mi Ins. from Seattle, via Shlmonsekl.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 13— Stmr Majes
tic, from New York, via Queenstown.
CHERBOURG— Sailed June 13— Stmr Baale,
from Bremen and Southampton, for New York.
BREMEN— Sailed June 13— Stmr Maine, for
Ncv York. '
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Juno 13— Stmr Pots
dam, from New York.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived June 13— Stmr Hek
la, from New York, via Chrtstlansand.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
REAL ESTATE. TRANSACTIONS.
J. William Lucas to Henrietta M. Lucas, lot
on N line of Washington street, 92:3^4 VT of
Taylor, W 35:6^6 by N 60: 'gift.
Wencelsao Loalza to Dolores P. Ae Loalza
(wife), lot on S line of Washington street,
137:6 W of Taylor, W 38 by S 137:6; gift.
J. William Lucas to Henrietta Smith Lucas,
lot on N line of Pleasant street, 114:6 E of
Jones. E 23 by N 63; also lot on N line of
Green street, 206 E- of Hyde, E 53:9 by N 66;
gift.
¦ Belle McLea, Mary Hoenes and Annie Eaton
to Donald. McLea, undivided one- fourteenth In
terest in lot on SE line of Mission street. 225
NE of Fourth, NE 50 by SE 100; also lot on
SW corner of Bush street and Grant avenue,
W 28 by S 22; grant.
Same to same, life estate, undivided half In
terest in same (two pieces) ; $5000.
Hlbernla Safings and Loan Society to Charles
Schroff, lot on W line of San Bruno avenue,
275 8 of Eve street. S 25 by W 132; $400.
Joseph F. Dolan to Henry and Amalia Kest
ler, lot on W line of Mercer street. 125 S of
Cortland avenue, S 25 by W 70. lot 1197, Gift
Map 2; $10.
George and Pauline Miller to Evan I*. Reese,
lot on S line of Turk street, 106:3 E of Pierce,
E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Henry and Sarah Hess to Jacob Y. Jackson,
lot on S line of Pine street, 175 W of Broderlck.
W 23 by S 137:6; $10.
Francis FoVe (by Mary A. Foye. attorney)
to Louts Haas, lot on SW line of Washington
avenue. 300 NW of Howard street. NW 25 by
SW. 56; $393.
John B. Landa to Eliza Lamey . (wife of
James), lot on W line of Howard street. 235
N of Fifteenth. N 25 by W 85; $10.
James F. McConnell to Mary McConnell (wife
of James F.). lot on W line of Natoma. street.
205 S of Fourteenth, S 35 by W 80; gift
Mary B. Farnsworth to Jacob V. Peterson,
lot on NW line of Laurel plaoe. 175 SW of First
street, SW 25 by* NW 90; $10.
Charles P. and Maggie C. Robblns to David
Hughes, lot on S line of Lobos street, 280 W of
Capitol. W 25 by S 125; $10.
David Lasar to Leopold Lasar, lot on B oor
ner of Chenery and Fairmount Btreets, NE 130.
E 240. 8 125, W 262, lots 1 to 5, block 18, Fair
mount; Sli).
George E. and Emmellne L. Bates to Louise R.
Heringhl, lot on N line of Broad street, 24:2 E
of Plymouth. E 48:4 by N 125, block K. Rail
road Homestead No. 2; $150.
Aaron Heringhl to same, lot on N line of
Broad street. 25 E of Plymouth, B 47:6 by N
125, same; elft. f .
Alameda County.
J. H. and Florence J. Henderson to Cather
ine M. or Cathren M. Kyle, lot on N line of
Sherman avenue, 160 E of Telegraph, E 25 by
N 115. being the W half of lot 3S, Mosswood
Tract. Oakland; $328.
Frank and Fannie Arnold to Robert T. and
Marearet Woodward, lot on N line of Thirty
second street. SIS w of West, W 25, N 93.955,
E 25.10S5. S S6.62 to beginning-, being the E>
half of lot 7. block 2011, Rowland Tract, Oak
land; U*.
Julia McTavl8h (widow) to Alice McTavlsh
(daughter), lot on W line of Peralta street,
78:3 S of West Eighteenth, S 25 by \V 110, be
ing lot 6, block 740A, Oakland; also property in
Marysville; gift. ¦
Estates of Lucy and Lily F. Gilstrap, minors,
(by Maude E. Poser, guardian) to Ellen Mul
vey. lot on W line of Campbell street, 100 S of
Pacific S 25 by W 99:3, block 455, map of
Gibbons property at Oakland Point, Oakland;
$715.
Mary D. Kurtz (widow), Alice M. Flint (sin
gle), Helen P. Lyman (wife of R. M.), Edward
D. and George M. Flint and Emma B. Trow
bridge (wife of George T.) to E. -P. Flint, lot
on SW corner of Perry and Orange streets. SW
140 by NW 130, being lot 14, block K, Flint
Tract No. 4, Oakland ; grant.
Henry A. and Christine S. Pleitner to Jose
phine Walter, lot on S line of Sixteenth or
Monroo street, 285 W of Fruitvale avenue. W
100. 8 177. E 220. N 27. W 120. N 150 to begln
ning, being lots 9 and 10 and portions of -lots
11 and 17, block B, Church Tract.. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
James Baumberger and S. J. Benson (by J.
B. Lanktree. commissioner) to Alameda Sav
ings Bank, lot on W line of Park street. 9J:4\i
S of Blending avenue, S 6O.-2V4..W 10O:5U, N
60. E 104:9V4 to beginning, being lot 13, block 43.
Minturn Tract, Alameda; $24SO.
Joseph S. May. William Atkinson. E. H. R.
Johnson and Katharina and Henry Haas (ex
ecutrix and executor of estate of B. Haas).
John and 1 Jane Dee (by "W. S. Harlow, com
missioner) to Bank of Alameda, lot on S line
of Buena Vista avenue, 400 E of Chestnut
street. H 50 by S 150. being portion lot 10, block
4. lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda: $3123
I P. A. and Emily C. Dean, Joseph Bruzzone
and J. J. and J. Rauer (by J. B. Lanktree,
commissioner) to Alameda Savings Bank, lot
on W line of Cedar street, 280 S of Clinton ave
nue, 8 40 by W 130, being lot 15, block C. Belle
vue Tract, Alameda: $7C0.
Jennie A. and E. Minor Smith and Edward
K. Taylor to John A. C. and Isabella R. Dirks,
lot on S line of Eagle avenue, 259:6 W of WIN"
low street. W £2 by S 147:6, being lot 14, block
12. lands adjacent to Enclnal. Alameda: $10
A. R. Denke (bankrupt) et al. to Alameda
Savings Bank, lot on S line of Santa Clara ave
nue, 231:1ft W of Webster street. W 43 by S
130: $2447.
V. T. Braga (administrator of estate of Mary
J. Vargart and Mary Joseph (and as executrix
of estate of Mary Sequelra, by John J. McDon
ald, commissioner) to J. P. Williams, lots 1
and I. block B, of Dabner's Addition to town of
San Leandro, Eden Township; $550.
D. B. and Mattle Parker to Andrew John
son, lot on S line of Benton street, 200.8 E
of Paradise., E 60 by S 135, being lot 24. block
2, McKee Tract. .Oakland: $10.
Myron T. and F. D. Duslnbury to F. H
Rice, lot on NB corner of Webster' and
Eleventh streets, N 100 by E 100. being lots
1 to 4 and 28, block 161, Oakland; $10.
J. J. and Eva McMahon to Sarah Quayle
(wife of Thomas), lot on N line of Jones street
567:314 E of San Pablo avenue, E 35 N 104*3*
W 35, S 104:5 to beginning, beinp the E 35 feet
of lot 13, Jones Tract, Oakland; $10.
Alexander Vensano (executor estate Henry
Casanova) to James P. Taylor, all interest in
lot on SW corner of Eighteenth street and
Telegraph avenue, S 68 by W 100, being lots
47 and 4R, Campbell Tract, Oakland; $8602.
B. C. Hawes (as administrator estate Charles
W. Dearborn), W. H. H. Gentry and J A
Velsir (by J. B. Lanktree, commissioned to
Catherine Semerla. lot 3, Map of Draper Tfaet
East Oakland: $CS6.
F. B. and May C. Yoakum to Citizens' Build
ing and Loan Association, lot on NW line of
Twelfth avenue, ¦ 888.04 8W of East Twenty
eighth street. SW 50. NW 132.61, NE 50 to a
point distant 130.02 NW from point of begin
ning on a line drawn parallel with line of East
Twenty-eighth street, SE 130.02 to beginning
being the SW 35.43 feet of • lot 23 and NE 14 57
feet of lot 24. Tens pleton Tract, subject to' a
mortgage. East Oakland; $10.
Alexander Vensano (executor estate Henry
Casanova to A. Chlchlzola, all Interest in lot
on E line of Louisa street. ISO S of Vine R
30 by E 101:6, being the N portion of lot 7
block 6, Graves and Taylor Tract, Berkeley
$410. ;
Josephine F. Brugulere to Central Pacific
Railroad Company. 2.2 acres on N corner of
Fulton avenue and right of way of Central
Pacific Railroad, and distant EO NE from engi
neer station, 1079 plus 16.7, .thence NE 189 81
to SW line of Warren street, thence NW 8*6 45
to SE line of Llese avenue, thence SW 39 to' a
point In NE line of Bald right of way, distant
60 NE from engineer station, 1087 plus 64 7 of
said railroad center line, thence SE 848 ' feet
to beginning, quitclaim deed, Brooklyn Town
ship; $1.
F. K. Jr. and Julia Krauth to A. L. Stone
section 25 in township* 2 south, range 4 west'
on .Map of Salt Marsh and Tide Lands auitl
claim deed. Alameda Township; $10.
J. G. and B. Klumpke to same, 80 acres be
ing lots 25 to 28. In section 29. township 2 south
range 3 west, quitclaim deed, Brooklyn Town
ship; $35.
Flora D. Jones (and as executrix estate
Michael P. Jones) to same, all Interest In the
following: 80 acres, being lots 21. 22 and 23
In eection 24, -township 2 south, range 4 west
on Map 1 of Salt Marsh and Tide Lands; also
22.85 acres, being lots 31 and 32. in section 25
township 2 south, range 4 west, on same- also
160 acres, beins lots" 25 to 82, in section 30
township 2 south, range 3 west, on Map ¦
fame./ Alameda Township: also 80 acres, being
lots 25 to 28, In section 29. township J south
range 3 west, quitclaim deed, BrooHyn Town
ship: $SE7.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Leah F. Mott
rerecord 720 D 84. lot on E line of Grand street
115 S of Alameda avenue, 8 35 by E 138, Ala
rqeda; 11530. .
Jamn 3. Wiggins to Mary A. Walker, lot on
8 line of Simpson avenue. 838 W of Telegraph
avenue, W 32:6 by S 106.33, being a portion of
lots 19 and 20. Simpson Tract, subject to deed
of trust for $1000. Oakland: $10.
John C. B. Whalln to Mary Whalln. lot on
NW corner of Eleventh and West streets. W
60 by N.10O,- block 151, Oakland; irlft.
George Taylor et al. to Oakland Bank of Sav
lngs.^ot on W line of Market street. 33$ Nof
Twenty-fourth, S 66:4, W 123, N 56:4, B 123 to be
ginning, being portion of block 526. map of
Northern Addition to Oakland. Oakland ; $2134
Carl LatKke to Ernl Latzke. lot on S line of
Alameda avenue. 300 W of QaJi • street, W 25
8 150, being portion of lot 16 In E lft block D,
lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda; rift.
Joseph Folda (single) to Lorenzo Deluchl.
lot on S line of Thirteenth street. 185 E of
Campbfll. E 50-by S 125, being lots 29 and 30
block 736B. Oakland: $10.
Q Man* A. Coles to Thomas McGinnls, lot on 8
line of Eleventh street, 75 E*of West, E 50 by
8 100, being lots '9 and 10. block 149." Oakland ;
$io. •¦¦•-' ¦ - . ¦ -.
Catherine and Charles Fella to Mary E.'Kel
!ey, lot on NW ; line of : Summit avenue, - 26S.4
NE of Linda. NE 80, NW 145.19, SW 80.06, BE
11123 to besioninsr, being *BUbdiyislon3 a and
E A Forbes, Marysv
F 8 Bale. Victoria
G "W Petterson. Hono
lulu
R E Good & w, Clorls
E M Freeman, Oakld
J C Allen & w, Alam
L C White. Del Monte
C Thomas, Berkeley
R W Sully, Berkeley
Mrs W T' Scott. Cal
Mrs N Hurt, Seattle
W I Hur>p, Weaverv
M W Conklin, L Ang
T McCaffery. L Ang
E D Ham & w, Napa
May C Wade. Cal
Dr F M Conn. Seattle
C H Vines, N Y
M B Fassett. Pasadena
D H Hart. Los Ang
E A Meserve, L Ang
J B O'Brien. Sta Clara
G A Daugherty, Salins
F Trerkon, Crockett
J B Chinn, Portervillej
J Flanagan, Mendocino I
F H Krebs & w, Sao
Dr C L McGowan. Sac'
E W Freeman, L Ang
R FrothlnKham & w.
New York
W F Klein, Chicago
G R Rider & w, Sao
PALACE
F R Porter, Oakland
A L Ph 111 Ids. Peta
C M Crane, Ohio
J Frlscol, Ohio •
J F Lynch. M Park
D Benjamin. K City
A Frank. Chicago
N E Ayer, Portland
A Battle &. w, Seattle
E H Davis, Chicago
R F Davis. & w, Colo
E S Ive« & w. Aria
Miss F E Johnson, Ariz
L E Trahune, England
A C Anderson. Chicago
F A Montelius, Cinn
G W BUllnts, Cal
F O Griswold, N Y
J P Black, Chicaso
Mrs I M Green, . L Ang
Julian Green, Los Ang
F W Emery. Los Ang
H P Anderson, L Ang
E T Stlmson, Los Ang
R E Hastings, Los Ang
G A Dorsey, Chicago
S F Morrow. St Louis
F W Dale. Conn
H K Stahl. San Josa
F A Jones, Fresno
C Harris. Merced
A L Rlply, Watsonv
J J Espy. Honolulu
L R Poundstone, Cal
J Respinl. Sta Crux
Mrs Bourns. Monterey
H J Serpman, Sacto
J P. Fair. Kans
A J Hammond. Fla
M Michael, Woodland
M A Rowe, Chicago
DrJT Sullivan. Cal
T.E Theberath. Cal
G W Shlppman, Cal
J H C C Price, Fresno
O W Crystal. Vaoav
J H Fuerth. Mill Val
J W Thompson. Cal
K G/Raaf. Cal
L J Evans. Naoa
Mrs "W T Baxton, Cal
Miss Hazzitt. Cal
G W Zartman, Tulare
H C Searles & w. Cal
J O Davis, San Josa
W J Stevens, L Ang
M Biggs Jr. Orovllle
W T Ellis Jr. Marysv
K Rudarf, Cardella
T E McShane, Cal
HOTEL.
T Flint. San Juan
S Brady. N T
Mrs I> R Barlow, Pa
N Woo'.er & w. Eng
Mrs F C Marsh, Ala
J T Lynch. Menlo Park
F Reid. Va/
W R Rowland & w.Cal
Nina Rowland. Cal
Nellie Rowland, Cal
E Campbell. San Jose
.C Monroe, Los Angeles
W Chase. USA
M Galland. N Y
G L Jaeger, N« Y
C L Jaeger, N Y
G Belhuber. N T
Abe Conn, N Y
K Javai, Japan
H Tanaka, Japan
S J F Rtaws A w. Chic
C R Holterholff, L A
W H Emerson, Cam
bridge
M B Buford. U S 8
Grant
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J T Fisher, Manila
J W Ellsworth. Sn Jose
J Williams & w, Reno
F Fay. Vallejo
T/A Maguire. Sacto
ft C da Barge, Mich
D W Henderson. Cal
L J Peck, Napa
J P Rowan, Manila
P H Moll. Sacto
N H Morris. N T - - C
A J Schmidt. Merced
E Durne, Los Angeles
C Miller & w. San Jose
E L Oersch & w. Sacto
J Murtha & w. Chicago
H Coleman, Petaluma
A Orton. Stockton
Mrs Lee. Walnut Grove
H Jennlngson, Oakla/id
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight.
T, on map of subdivided lots 20. 21 and 22. Glen
Echo Tract, Map 2, Oakland; $50.
Margaret Dwyer to Mary Peterson,- lot begin
ning at a point on line dividing lands of Mrs.
A. Dwyer and Mary J. Ashby, XE. 304.70 dis
tant from stake set at Sff corner of lands of.
Dwyer and on line dividing plats 51 and 53,
Rancho V. and D. Peralta. thence SE 207.93.
SW 232. SW 83.34, NE 311.55, N W 240.60, SW
78.60 to beginning, Berkeley; grant.
Catherine D. Asonsas Enos (widow) to Joseph
Bernardo, lot on N line of Bristol street, 4S E
of Third. E 100 by N 100. being lots 12 and 13.
block 73. Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley; also lot on
W line of Willow street, 87:6 S of Atlantic. S
37:6 by W 75, being lot 23 and S half of lot 22.
block 465. map of Gibbons property at Oakland
Point. Oakland: $1000.
J. H. Carrigan or Corrigan.tc- Eugene Wll
cox, lot on S line of Francisco street. 271:6 E
of Grove (formerly West street), E 60 by S 135,
being lot 10, block B, Janes Tract. Berkeley;
$10.
¦Frederick W.- Taylor to Edna Taylor, lot on
S line of Hilgard avenue, 100 W of Euclid. W
60 by S 125, being lot 16, block 7, Daley's Scenic
Park, Berkeley: gift.
W. T. and Ettle Jlnklns to William H.
Phelps. lot on N line of Highland avenue. 85
W of Laurel street. \V 40 by N 132:6. being lot
11, block K, Amended Map of Moss Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $5.
Frances Harris to 3. W. Hardesty. lot on S
line of San Jow avenue, 350 E of Willow street,
E 33:4 byS 150, being portion lot 11, block O,
Pioneer Homestead, Alameda; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Frankllna C. G. Bartlett (owner) with J. L.
Arthur and F. C. C. Anderson -(contractors),
architects Samuel & Sidney B. Newsom— AH
work except painting, etc., for a three-stotry
and basement brick building, on E line of Du
pont street, 40 N of Pacific, 47:3 on Dupont by
68: $6500.
Mrs. L. Llndo (owner) with Philip Rive (con
tractor and architect)— All work except Inside
shades for a two-story frame building, on E
line of Fifth avenue, 275 N of Clement street,
N 23 by E 120; $1985.
Claus Spreckels (owner) with Gray Bros,
(contractors), architects Reid Bros.—Excava
tions and concrete work and fire-proofing for a
five-story store and office building, on S line
of- Market street, between Third and Fourth,
adjoining Claus Spreckels building, and extend
ing back 100 feet: $10,190.
Harmon and Emily Veeder (owners) with A.
A. Russell and J. J. Stahl (contractors), archi
tect Fred A. Meyei^-AU work for a two-story
frame building, on N line of Seventeenth street,
666 W of Castro, W 49:4 by N 150; $3100.
THE SAN FRANCISCO : CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 14, 1900.
11
It^" Remains at the parlors of H. P. Suhr &
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. ¦¦ - - .- .
HEAL SSTATB— CITV— FOB SALE.
A, IL srECK tt CO.. 657 Market st..
Opposite Kearnr.
fC500— P.ents WM: lot S0xlS7^ feet: modern
Lullilnc: pay* 13 per cer«t-
52S.00i>— JTourtii et.. near Townsend; 137 :6x
1^7 :«; near railroad ac3 warehouses.
CS.&»— Vlclalty L&rkin and McAllister; lot
C?:9xllrt feet: txr» frontages; rents 1210.
K3.«Xi0— Sixth at.; 75 feet froataco; 4 etorea
cr.J to rooms above; rents JI'M.
I^.SiC— ILaif block rrom Market and Steuart
ets.: brick bulld'.aj:.
J12.6t»-Nlr.th st.. close to Mlrslon; S3 feet
front: two stores and flats.
' 1 ¦•' — Market-st. comer; Btore and flats;
EivSern bui'.dir.p; rents *d5; lot 25x100 feet.
S3&S0— RentB $100; lot 103x137:6; Poweil-st. car
!::.e.
I7C^— Broadway, betweea Buchanan and
"VVebster «&,; lot 24:4feiia feet; choicest resl-
cecc* site.
»C5aa— Six bay-window flat*;- rent* J66; lot
<>x75: near Rixtn and Howard sts.
tCT.O»— 1225 Busa Ft.; lot S0xl3<:«; boose of 14
rciras: rsast be sold.
SoO-.-^-Powell et.- three flats; rent* $C2.
tCO>-Pt>ur fine Cata; C&pp et.: rents 149.
JJOO*— Recta $45; five fiats; two frontages;
Vailejo at. A. M. SP3ECK & CO.. 6S7 Market.
5S0W-TO close aa estate; lot KxlT:«; brick 1m-
prcYemerjts: S r.ats; rents $CS; could bo Im-
proved to brirjr $100 the racnth; west fide
Stockton to rear street, befrveen Lombard
and Filbert. Apply R. McCOLGAX, 24 MonU
eosiery St.. rooni S. \
ALL kinds bought, sold, -exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
SEWIXG. MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds boueht. sold and repairing fnaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
A SNAP— J125: lot? near school. 25x123. Apply
THISTLETON. r72 Kadowa re. Ocean View.
A BARGAIN— Good paring property: tlSOO: rood
location; always rented; $17 a moatb. 7 Che-
nery St.. off Thirtieth,
STAULKS TO LET.
Z3 STALLS, cheap: suitable for express or milk
depot; this month's rent fr»e. 2630 Mlaelon st.
fcTTQO-A BAP.GAIM.
Cottap*. 5 rooms and bath: la Mission; nearly
new; Ere location; nlrh basement; beautiful
Rarder. : saany sl<3« of BTreet; near 2 car lines;
unobstructed view; cost $2600. Box 3657, Call.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. ~20 Fillmore st.; phone Jackscn ML
PIERCE-nODOLPH Storage and Movine; Co.
Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; teL Main 6713.
STORAGE AAD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving;: coT-ered
vans. Tenth, and Market; phone South T6S.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.,
tel. Main IS 10— Packing, moving and storage.
ASD SUPPLIES.
TYPEWRITERS
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
eell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California, telephone Main 26«.
M. GRIFFIN. T19 Market— 120 acres cheap; po-
tatoe?. apples, berries, wood, water, house.
LEVEL cleared fniit laad; 100 acres $2500. M.
GR1KF1X. 71S Market, room L nr. Call bldg.
2 OP. SALE — GooJ-payinp jnvestmetit; country
fcctel; rented at t'>n. For particulars apply at
toutha-e.-t corner Eddy and Taylor Ets.
53E0— HALF ras>h 14 acres, rich. 3 miles of town;
house, barn. wood, water, corn, orchard, pota-
toes; bis crov. M. GK1FF1N. 71& Market 6t-
FOR tale — Salinas; house » ith corner lot CO feet
front on Main stTwt by 130 feet deep: black-
smith chop. r.ew windmill and tank; well
fenced: would quali'y for saloon also; price
JTiO; if derlred 12jO on mortgage at 10 p»>r
cent. Ir.q-jlre at eld brewery. Henry
IIEA.L ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
80 California St., S. F.
313 1st Ave. South, Seattle.
For passenger and freight rates apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.,
AT NOME.
LEAVES SEATTLE JULY 3
FIRST-CLASS LIGHTERAGE FACILITIE3
SECOND TRIP.
ffe\ Valencia
BAIXROAD TBA VET*
If ACirifi aVtTKM.)
Train* !•»«• «•».« i»r«- ¦•»«• t«a nrrlv* a*
man FltA?tt:iMt:o.
(Ma>ti Line. Foot of Market Street.)
uat« - y»oM Mat 15. 13ca - A*Mxn
•7i00a BentcU. SuUuo, Klmira. VaeaTu1«\
Kuaissy »"'l niTitiri: ¦<> *7>-18y
•7tO t> 4 Shaata Kxprcaa— Daiia. W \Uiama (for
Bortlett Siiir.eO, Wilkiwa. ltcd
Bluff, rortlawL *7i«f
*7i3*a Martinet. Sau lUmoD, Vallejo, Napa,
Caiiatt tt* *mi Santa ltoa« "8il.Tr
•8:OO a Davis, Woodland. Knijata Lar-ctlof,
Marj«»»:.e. «>rn7iil.». •7»-i3»
•5:OO* Atlantic Kxpren- Ogtfea and Eiut *ll;O«
••iil<i« San Jots, Literinure, MtorkCm,
Ions, 3aerani«uto, PlacerrUle,
ManiTlUn. Chico. U«(l Plait »l:|.1»
•StSOA Oakdate. Chlaaae (for Yuscmlte).
Bodot*. Carter*. M:l.tr
•'J:O0» Haywaxda. Klfaa and Way Station! . M I :••¦»*
•l>:Ov»» Lvs Aocslea Express — Martin**.
* - Tracy. Latbrop. rilockton, Jlerctd '
and Fl«ano •«! I5»
•»:«• » V,*!1..J.», Marlines and Way Station* •«>»5r
• I o;OU a Tba Oisrlaud Limited— Ogdeo. Deo<
rer. Omaha. Chicago 'BiISv
•IIiOOa IiUea, I.i»rrmore, rttocktcn, Sacra-
ment". Mendota, ilauford. VlsaUa,
PorterTltle M:l5p
•l3:O«sf Harwaida, Wlea and Way Statloaa. *2:J3r
tl:Ottp bacriuueutu Ui?«r dutinni t-1:OO»
•3:OOr Hay wards. Sllrs aad Way Station*. *3>-l3r
¦-tutor Martinez. Sau Kamou. Vallejot
Nar*. C*al!»to«a. Santa Ko«a *»tISa
HitfOp BsnlcU, WiaUxa. fiaeramtnio,
Woo.lla.ic!. Kntgbtl LaodlAi
MaryarilU. Oroville •!•:«*
•4:8»pNUn.Saa Jom aud Slooktoa *7:l»r
' •St<M»rTb« Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
Uikenil-lil. 8au(H* (or Sauta Uar>
bara. Lot A nicies. *9:»»»
¦DtOOr Freauo Paueogsr— Martinet, Lath*
.- ._ rop. Stockton. Herewl, Keread.*
(Kajxaond for Yo«emin>), Vnano.. *l*tl»V
•3iS*r N«w Jriean* Expresa— lt»ierait«lJ.
MauU Barbara. Loa Anfeica, Dem-
luj. El Fuo. New Orleans and
KMt »•««*
•SilVrSauta t» BouU— Atlautlo Exprasa
for Mo|«f • au.l Kut *«H.lp
•«:O«p Hay wards. Mllaa ana .-tea Jmt *7. «* 4
t«:Oi»r Vallc'i. *l»:l1p
•U:O«r Oriental ll*il— Oiitsa. Cbeyena*.
Omaha, Chfcagt) *lli43i
•«:«0p Oriental MkH-Ofden. Deafer.
Oauba. Cbicaso. *4tl3p
17>OOp Vallfju. Fort C'oata and Way Sta-
tions. :»;33p
••<O9r Oregon sad California Exereaa.Haa*
ranieutu. Marjstllie. lU'Mliif.
rottianj. Piigut MohiiiI anj Fa»t *1iI3a
COAST. iHTIMOM (.lanon (laugo).
' Troot nt M»rk«t Str»«t.)
{7i49a Banta Crus Excursion for Haata
Crux and Principal Way Station* |SiO4r
¦•lISAlTewark.C«ater«i;t»,eaoJoat.Feltoo.
Boat da* Creak. 4a 11 kaCrui aad Way
Stations ••ia»»
t3il3r tfowark, Cautarrill*. San Jm Nlf
AlmaaeD, Friton, Itoulder Creok,
flaata Crux and Principal Way
Station* t'»'3»A
•4tlSp Newark, Man Joa*. Loa Gatoa ••>»•*
o4;iapClenwoo4. Falton. tjant* Crag «»i»«*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frialll m*ClSC8-rnt if kirkit Slriit (5!i« J)—
•7:15 BOO 11.00*.*. 11:03 *J;33 t3i89
•i<a tS:C3 *8:03r.n.
fr««0lIUI3~rj»l trgn.Jnn.— -B.00 8-XO 10:O0*.H.
tiaCJ "1:50 t2:C3 '3:03 t»:QO *l:C3r.M.
CU1ST DirtSIOa (nro*J t» UI «i).
(Third and Towmwtw! iU)
r*tl*A Oeaan VUw. South kao rrancUco.. ?«««•»
»7iOOa Bau Jo«» and Way Station* (Naw
A'raadeu W«.iiiMda|to»lf) •liS«T
J7:S«i Sanday Excursion for Saa Joml
Sanu Cru*. Paclfle Cro*« aad
Prhudpaa Way 3&atlona {9*33*
••i«»» Han Jos«. T«m Pmw. Hanta Criis.
PaeiUe Graf*. I'uo RoWea, a»u
l.nii Obiipo. turf. Lompoo aud
l-riiicipnJ Way Statloiia 'lilOp
•IO:I«« San Joio aud Way atatloua ¦•¦3»a
•IHS0A 8aaJaae.LoaGatoaaadWay8Utiona •3t<t0p
t>i4&p8an Mateo, Ksdwooi]. Meolo Park.
Palo Alto. Bftota Clara, 8an Joa*.
Tret Pino*, Santa Cru, {Jallnaj, .
Monterey and Pacific Grof* flOj.irt*
t»t)tnp Saa Joae and Way Statfoua *7i3«p
f4 tISp 8ao Joaaaad Principal WayJSUtioDt *9t43a
|3:OOrS*n Joa*. Loa Gatoa aad Princijal
Way SteUons t>:«*4
•3:3Op San Jom aod Principal Way Station* fS:3S*
•fl:.1Op Sao Jou and Way Station* fSiOO*
<ll;43p 3an Jew and Way Station* «?;8ttp
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
¦Dally. 1 8Bud»y excepted. t Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
0 Saturday aod 8undar t Sunday and Sfonda*.
CILIFOSNU NOBTBWESTERIf HY. CO.
SAN FHASCISCO AND NORTH PACIF1S
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TlScr»n Perry ¦ Foot •' Market St
SAN* TBJLXCZBCO TO BXS RAFAEL.
*ui w; tJ'.TT DATS — 7:30. »^>0. 11:00 a. in.: IMS.
8:30. I:M, «:» pv m. ThujBd«y»-Eitr«. trip
at 11^0 o. m. Eaturiay*— Extra trips at 1:U
and 11:30 a m.
•nrJTOATS— «:0flt 1^3. 11:CO a. m-i l:S0. tJK
6:00. «:39 v. zn.
BAN RA?a£Ii TO SAN PTtXWCISCXX
¦WEJiUC DAY3-8:10, 7:50. 8:20. 11:1» a. m.; 1J:4S.
1:40. 8:15 P. m. Eaturdaj-s-Extxa trips as
1:M aaA 1:85 a m.
SUVDAYS— 8:18. 1:46. UO9 a. elj l:«0. •:««.
5:04. 1:25 p. ra.
B«tweea Baa S*r«ncl«co and Sctroatzaa Par*
aaraa *chedni» as aoovB.
Lear* j la Eff»ct. f Arrtv*
Ban Fraaclaoo. \Apr. la. 1900.1 San yrandaottt^
Weak J^ 8«n- J I B«n- I Week
Days. ( darm. f D— tlrwtfVm.1 day. | Daym.
7:80 ami I.-00 am Norato[ ttOMO am! l:4^ara
I: W pm »:Wajn Petaloxoa. <U>6 pm 10:lTaa>
6:13 pm 1:00 pm Banta Roaa. 7:35 pm t JO pra
Pulton.
IM am Windsor. 10 JS aua
Heald8bor»>
Ocyserrffls.
J:SO prn »:»aci Clave Mai*. T^pnj t«t«
T:SO ami . Eopland |1!>:25 ana
t.Zt pm| S:00 amf and Uklah. T:S pm} <:20 pra
,*i ) am 13:25 am
I^Sam Ooernevme. T:SSpm
1:80 pmj I «:*» pn>
f :20 am 8:00 ami Sonoma »:15 ami 8:40 aa
I and |
8:10 pm 5:00 pml Glen* EU*n. >^g pnr| $:ZS pra
7:S0 ami S:CO ami |»:4O «mt»:» am
1:10 pm| 5:o0 pmj Sabastopot. I 7.-«5 pm| «:t> pra
Etaires consect at Pasta Ro«a for STark Wot
Srrlnn and White Sulphur Springs; at F"nUoa.
for Altrarta: at Lytton for Lytton Sprtncs; at
Ger»«T»ille for Bkaxes Spri&sat at doverdal*
for the Qeranrs; at Hopiand for IXincaix
Spring. Hlfhland Bprlnra. Kelnervlll*, Carla-
bad Sprlrurs, foda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
fprlnes; at Uktah for Vichy Bprlan. Sarators,
Pprinira, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Vpper Lake. Porno. Pott»r Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley**. Buckneir*.
Banhedrin Helghta. Hallrllls. Orr'a» Hot
Springs, Mendocino C3ty. Fort Bjrasrj. west*
port. Um.1. Wllllts. LaytoriTina. Cnnrmloa.
Beirs Springs. Harris. Olaan's. X>rer. Scotlak
ajid Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rorsnd trlv tickets at
reduced rates.
On Bunday round trip tickets to all pot&ta
beyond San Rafael at bait rates.
Ticket otOct-9. <S0 Market at. Cnronteto bid*.
H. C WH1T1NO. R. X. RTAN. -
General Mana««r. " O«a. Pass. Ajreat,
OAKLA.VD REAL ESTATE.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
WILL DISPATCH FOR
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
The elegant, fast. Al new passenger steamer,
NOME DIRECT
S. S. NOME CITY,
1600 tons register.
ABOUT JULY 1st.
t3Q POST ST.
Connections at ST. MICHAEL for DAWSOX
and all YUKON RIVER POINTS.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
THE ALASKA EIPMRATM CO,,
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
FUNEBAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALHESS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate : Rates. '.
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln, School. ¦ •¦
¦ Telephone South "80.
MABBIEB.
BROWN— BOROWBKT— In this city, June 10,
l»oo, by Rabbi Levy, Eugene Brown and Julia
Bnrowtky, both of San Francisco.
HOFFMANN— BRUENN— In this city. June 12,
l?00 by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Henry L.
Hoffmann and. Flora Bruenn.
LEFFINGWELL— KAYS— In this city. June 9,
1900. John Lefflnswell and ; Mrs. Anna . P*.
Kay*.
LYONS— JOHNS— In this city, June 13. 1900, by
the Rev. F. A. Doane, Charles Alexander
Lyons and Elizabeth Hannah Johns, both of
San Francisco.
ROWLANDS— HUNTER— In this city, June 12,
I**© by the Rev. W. E. Dugan, John R. Kow-
lnads of Oakland and Mary H. Hunter of San
Francisco."
ROHRHAND-SCHUHL-In this city, June 12,
isoo by • Rabbi Isidore Myers. Charles W.
Rohrnand and -Bella Schuhl. both of- San
Francisco.
RUBENSTEIN — ROTHBLUM — In Alameda.
June 9, 1300, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Mitchell
BOBN.
BYRNE— In Ftockton, June 9, 1900, to the wife
of Henry D. Byrne, a son.
LOUIS— In 'this city, June 10, 1900, to the wife
of Charles A. Louis, a daughter.
MANON— In this city, June 8. 1300, to the wife
of W. S. Manon, a daughter.
PETERSEN-In this city, June 13. 1900. to the
wife of C. L. Petersen. a «on.
SIESBUTTEL— In this city. June -4, 1900, to the
wife of M. C. Siesbuttel, a daughter.
WALPW-In this city, June 2, 1900, to the wife
of Harry P- Walsh, a son.
WOLLENBERG— In this city. June 18, 1900. to
the wife of C. M. Wollenbere, a son.
Bfrth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the' name, and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
A-ERUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms
25c to tl per night, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light tousekeeplTig; open all night.
3"<">LSOM. 834— tl a week: large, sunny fur-
r.ished room; closet; bath; i<rivate.
BURNETT. 142S Market rt. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
FCLSOM. &&. corner Sixth— Suite of 3 elegant
sur.ny corner rooms, su'tabie for doctor.
PROPOSALS for State Prison supplies— Bids
will be received by the State Board of Prison
Directors at San Quentln. up to the hour
of 10:50 a. m. of July 7, 1900, for supplying
the State Prison at San Quentln with coal
for the ensuing fiscal year. A certified check
equal to 10 per cent of the bid, payable to the
president of the board, must accompany each
bid. Schedules and conditions to be had on
appllcatlcn to the clerk.
R. M. FITZGERALD, President
J. V. ELLIS. Clerk. . •
FOURTH, 22T%— Nicely furnished bay-window
and eirjrle room*; moderate: quiet.
FOLSOM. S«5. cor. €th The Oliver)— Xewly fur-
nished eur.cy rooms, single or euites ; reascnbl.
GEART. 405 (Th* Navarre)— EJeirantly furniehvd
rooms; euites or elrgie; travelers accom'dated.
GOLDEN GATE ave., R',— Travelers accommo-
dated; suites or single; 25c per night up.
GEAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
fir.rle; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7S1 Mission Bt.— Select
farr.ily rooming bouse: tl 50 to tS per week.
HOWARD C40— Sunny newly furnished rooms,
from tl 25 to S2 M per week.
HOWARD, SS3, cor. Cth— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms reasonable; by day week or month.
The following- marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
John S. Merrill. 13. city, and Olive I. Snider.
23, city.
George W. Martin. 31. 967 Mission street, and
Elvira M. Stacey, 5S, 967 Mission street.
Charles P. Riley. ZS, €16 Hampshire street,
and Mary A. Laujardiere, 25. 931 Folsom street.
EJwani C. Wagner, 30. Stockton, and Nellie
A. Hellwiff. 26. city.
Charles A. Lyons. 27. 4501 Eighteenth street,
and Elisabeth H. Johns, 25, 221 Diamond street.
A! rani Bernstein, S3. 791 Mission street, and
Sarah Frankel. 17, 791 Mission street. "
Richard A. Norman, 31. Gridley, and Etha
il. Prewett, 23. Livingston. Mont.
Wentolyn HoMoner. 34. 1470 San Bruno avo-
rue, and Kntharina Foehn, 24. city.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
*'OTEL Francl£co— Elegant euites; single: tran-
' Blest; baths. MRS. KINO. TurK and Taylor.
HOWARD ST»— Rooms from tl week up to j:
25c to tl night; also housekeeping- rooms.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1C15 Market— Nicely fum.
rrr.s.; Sic nlsht. up; ti week, up: transient.
OaK. H — Two sunny unfurnished rooms; sta-
tionary tubs: bath. *_
Z1IKXA. CC7, cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
v.indow room, tl per week; transient.
CLASSIFIED advert'.femrnts and subscription*
received at Cal! branch office. 12i0 Fillmore «t.
A BRATCCII office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 V&-
lrncla fit.
THE OAKJ-. 119 Third— A pwl rooming house
Icr eood people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
EHEB1IAN Ar*rtment House. 2C Elg-hth et.,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
ROYAL HOUSE. 128 E11U st— Incandescent
N lig-ht. reading room, smokim? room and ladies'
' rarlor; rooms, per night. Sic to tl £0: week J2
to IS; month. V- to 120; elevator en office floor;
rooms "with hot ar.d cold water; baths.
JVDSHDALE House, 31? ar.4 S21 Ellis Et.— Rooms,
right, 25c to Jl; week. $1 25 to $»: open night.
roiVELL. 121— Licht. clean rms., suites or «in-
ple: transient; runninc w.tter; rates reduced.
OFARRELL,
offices; e!ev
20— Sunny furnished rooms and
;ar; electric lights; day. wk., mo.
UOO?1S TO LET Furn. and Infurn.
CLASSIFIED advertlwments and subscriptions
received at Tall brani-h efflce. 2O) Fillmore st.
A EltANCH. office for Call advertisements and
fuhrcriptlcss has been established at 103C Va-
lencia rt.
VAN NESS, 43— Sunny front rooms for house-
keeping. 112 to $16; single rooms for lady and
g^ctleman ur 2 gentlemen. JS to Jl» £0.
THIRD, ZS2— Nicely furnished 'housekeeping
rooms, $1 50 week; single front rooms {3 mo.
TEHAMA. 44 — Two front housekeeping rooms.
SOUTH PARK, lft— Two sunny front rooms;
r.icely furnished for housekeeping.
FSraXTH, 178 — Large sunny front rooms;
large closets; yard; complete for housekplng.
BIDS WANTED— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals -will be received by the Board
cf Directors of tire Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at itj efflce, room IS. 320 Sansome ct.,
San Francisco, Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a. m
SATURDAY. June 23, 1900. and opened Im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa ;County, Cal.
station Yountvllle), for six months commenc-
ing July 1, l?00, and ending December 3L 1900.
Schedules with Information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
.ca,r«fcilly follow the conditions of the sched-
ule, and no bid will be considered unless It
Is frt accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder" must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking- house for at least 10 par
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to C.
Mason Klnne, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount ' specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Director* of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, S20 Sanaome et.. San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of the Board of Direc-
tors. J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
SIXTH, 420— Bay-window housekeeping suite.
til; running water, bath; other rooms.
PROPOSALS.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AX Introduction to you from II. Schellhaaa, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
FIERCE. Raj near McAllister— Nicely furnished
rooms, suitable fcr light housekeeping; use of
piano; parlor; phone; private family. •
PROSPECT place. 123. ofT California, nr. Pow-
ell — 1 or 2 rooms and kitchen. $10 to $1*; mt-
BLOCK €4. must be eold. near 23d ave., 17th St..
Fast Oakland: a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT. 1112 East Six-
teenth st.. East Oakland.
ZJARKET. 1S3S. bet. 8th ar.d Pth— Sur.ny front
cor. roorc*; water, range; rent $12 50. $15.
NATOMA, 645—3 runny furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; $13.
rciCELT furnished cr unfurnished rooms to let.
Apply Kl Fclsoin st.
wC¦^"^TA^*lA. 1403. ccr Geary— Large sunny fur-
nished bay-window room; mantel gas burner;
housekeeping.
JHSS1E. S73. rear Fiftii and Market-House-
keei>lne rooms, t?.
$ioo— CASH, monthly payments as low rent till
paid for— Modern new cottage of 4 rooms,
bath, pantry, closets, hlg-h basement^ brick
foundation; all fenced; fine well of water; all
first -class; 2 fine lota, one a corner; price, all
told. J9S5; city water if desired; street mac-
adamized; nice homes all around; near S lines
of electric road? and fine schoolhouse and wide
avenue; no fcg or cold winds here; Allendale
Tract, adjoining East Oakland. Call or send
for circular. 455 Seventh St.. near cor. Broad-
way. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner.
UTUE. 41!>— Sur.ny front parlor, with kitchen,
ccmplete for housekeeping; also other rooms.
.HOWARD. 65»— A frost room and kitchen, fur-
r.:sh«Ni for housekeeping.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
CKOVE, 104— Nicely furnished eunny bay-win-
dow rooms for housekeeping; also single
cness; moderate rates; central. .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 730—1. 2 or 3 furnished
rooms; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE. K2— Housekeeping: sunny
Trent alcove; elegantly furnished; $12.
•BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3*fX> — TO close estate; corner lot 115x130- la
Berkeley; near Ashby station and 1 block
from street-car line: with improvements;
house S rooms and bath: large barn, wind-
mill and tank. Address EDWARD HOEGE-
MAXS, 100 Montgomery st. San Francisco.
FOL6OM. S5»— Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; hot and cold water; range.
OLEOM. 77«»i— 2 neatly furnished connecting
housekeeplry? roora«; also 1 single room.
J^OLSOM, SJ4— Larpe surjiy bay-window room;
kitchen; bath; private; $3; also 2 others, (2.
FREE rent of 2 unfurnished rooms to look after
rooming-house. Particulars 342 Kearny et.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
rOLPOM. ti9— Nice sunny rooms; furnished for
houiPkeeplmr; cheap.
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure: bargains; one-fifth cash; bal-
ance In L 2, 3 or 4 years. Alameda Savings
Bank.
$¦;— FRONT acd tack parlor: also single front
rocra. (4 ; private family. £20 Fifth «t.
KIFTH. £53—1 furnished housekeeping, f7; cln-
It'e rooms, {4 and f5.
ALAMEDA REAX ESTATE.
3TI-LL, lli — Two yuiiTjy housekeeping- rooins. $16,
Einfle front room. S£; aJults.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHESTNUT. ZiZ. North Beach — Fnrriished
housekeeping rooTs; cheap; fine view; sunny.
EIGHTH, S4B. r.r. Market— Sunny front aJcove
room or two onr.ected parlors with regular
kitchen; furn. fcskpng; bath, private family.
EDDY. MJ— -Very cerirabie Jurnished hcruse-
keeping rocrr.s; no children: private residence.
DIVIDEND NOTICD— Dividend No. 10 (twenty-
ftve cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
offlce of the company. S27 Market St.. on and
afier Friday. June 15. 1900. Transfer books
will close on Saturday. June 9, 1900. at 13
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. CC26— 2 tunny front rooms furnished fcr
light housekeeping; adults only.
1JIVIDEXU NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICB— Dividend No. SO (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation
Company -will be payable at the offlce of the
company, 227 Market St., on and after Wednes-
day June 20, 1930. Transfer books will dose
on* Thursday, June 14, 1900. at 3 p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIED.
Allen, Mary E. Lawson, John C. Jr.
Anderson, Charles H. Llllis, Lawrence l
Blohme, Geslne McCaron, Anne
Cavanagh. Thomas McGrath, Ellen
Cummlngs. Mary E. Maack, W. H. J.
Dumont, Frank A. Mahon.. Mary A.
Fritz. Sophia Miller, Amelia
Gibson, Annie Nelsen, Marie L.
Graham. William G. Peden, Jane T.
Grube. August Ralclvich, Nina •
Hughes, Mary C Ryder. Rosita
Kaffke, Martin Bcheefer. Ferdinand
Kern. Julius
ALLEN— In this city. June 12, 1900, Mary Ella
Allen, beloved wife of George Allen, and
mother of Julia Jackson, a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged 49 years 11 months and 11 days.
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. Julia Jackson, 211
Twenty-eighth street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by funeral car.
ANDERSON-In this city, June 12. 1900. Charles
H., beloved husband of the late Amelia 9.
Anderson, and father of Anna, Henrietta and
Alfred Anderson, a native of Norway, aged
65 years. (Chicago, 111., papers please copy.)
" C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from, the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
BLOHMD— In Oakland, June 12, 1900. Geslne.
widow of John Blohme, and mother of Adele,
Harry, Llxxle, Sophie and Hermlne Blohme,
a native of Hanover. Germany, aged 49 years
13 months and 6 days.
C^7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to aUpnd the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at St.
Paulus German Evangelical Lutheran Church,
corner Eddy and Goush streets, ¦ San Fran-
cisco. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. a
CAVANAGH— In this city. June 13, 1900.
Thomas Cavanagh, brother of the late Wil-
liam Cavanagh, brother-in-law of Mrs. Cav-
anagh, and uncle of Thomas and George Cav-
anagh. a native of Dublin, Ireland, aged 55
years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister-in-law. Mrs. Cavanagh. 1786 Fol-
Eom street, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will bo cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CUMM1NGS— In this city. June 12. 1900. at her
parents' residence, 156 Perry street, Mary
Ellen, beloved daughter of Martin and Maria
Cumminga, and sister of William, Florence,
Martin, Gordon. Ignatius and the late James
Cumrolngs, a native of San Francisco, aged 21
years 8 months and 27 days.
E7Notice of funeral hereafter. ¦
DUMONT— In this city, June 12, 1900, Frank
A., beloved husband of Mary Dumont, and
father of Jennie, Frank A. Jr. and Howard
Dumont, Mrs. E. W. Hinkle and Mrs. M. I*
Enos, a native of Montreal, Canada, aged 56
years 6 months and "0 days.
ICyThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to Sacred
Heart Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FRITZ— In Sacramento, • June 12, 1900, Sophia,
wife of the late Joseph Fritz, and mother of
Anne M. Fritz, Mrs. Emma Wieger and Mrs.
E. F. DuJen, a native of Germany, aged 70
years.
GIBSON— In Berkeley. June 13, 1900, Annie, be-
loved wife of Robert Gibson, a native of
Prince Edward Island, Canada, aged 44 years
and 3 months.
GRAHAM— In this city. June 12, 1900, William
G., beloved son of James H. and Julia M.
Graham, and brother of Marian, John, James
Jr. and Agnes Graham, a native of Maiden,
Mont., aged 19 years and 1 month. A member
of Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. W. (Butte,
Mont., papers please copy.)
ET'Frlends and acquaintances and members
of Company F, Boys' Brigade, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. 1230 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing- at 9 o'clock. Officers and members
rf Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. W.. are in-
vited to attend. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-'
tery.-
GRUBE— In Omaha. Nebr.. June 3. 1900. after
a lingering illness. August Grube, beloved
husbajid of Dora Grube, and father of Mrs.
Fnvi Brinkman. Mrs. H. E. Anderson and
Charles Kueck, a native of Germany.
HUGHES— In this city, June 12, 1900. Mary
Catherine, be-love^d daughter of Michael J. and
Julia Hughes, a native of San Francisco, aged
I year and 5 months.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
at 9:80 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 1 Gabriel place. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery-
KAFFKE— In this city, June 12. 1900. Martin.
father of Mrs. Emma Possnecke. Hermannr
Kaffke. Mrs. H. Temps, Mrs. M. Wleland and
Mrs. A. Kuhne. a native of Schneidemuhl.
Posen, Germany, aged 71 years 7 months and
1 day. (Chicago papers please copy.)
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fuily Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 820 Alabama street, near Twentieth,
thence to St. Anthony's Church, corner Fol-
som and Army streets, for services at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cro6S Cemetery.
KERN— In this city, June IS. 13C0. Julius, be-
loved husband of Josie Kern, father of Ar-
thur, George end Alma Kern, son of Carrie
Kern, and brother of Mrs. Gus Hartman. a na-
tive of Missouri, aged 44 years. A member of
Yerba Buena Lodge No. 17S8, Knights of
Honor.
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 17. 19C0. at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 53 Valley street, near San Jone avenue,
between Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth
streets. Interment Mount Ollvrt Cemetery, by
electric funeral cor, corner Thirtieth street
and San Jose avenue. .
MEMBERS of Yerba Buena Lodge No. 1788, IC
of H.. are requested to attend the funeral of
our late brother, Julius Kern, from the fam-
ily residence, 53 Valley street, Sunday, June
17, at 2 o'clock.
F. F. WEDEKIND, Dictator.
. R. H. NOBLE. Reporter.
LAWSON— In this city, June 13. 1900," John C.
Lawson Jr., beloved son of John C. and Mar-
tha E. Lawson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 20 years 1 month and 11 days.
(ET Notice of funeral hereafter. Please omit
_ flowers.
LILLIS— In this city, at the Palace Hotel,
Lawrence, husband of Elizabeth a. Llllis, a
native of County Clare, Ireland, aged 65 years.
CT'Remalns will be shipped to St. Joseph,
Mo., this day (Thursday).
McCARON— In the City and County Hospital,
June 13, 1900. Anne McCaron, a native of Ire-
land, ezed 67 years.
McGRATH-In this city, June 13, 1900, Ellen,
. beloved wife of the late Thomas .McGrath.
and mother of May. John and 'Joe McOrath
and Mrs. H. S. Gordon, a native of County
Clare, Ireland, aged 65 years.
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market
street, between Eighth and Ninth.
MAACK— In this city, June 12. 1900. William
H. J. Maack,- beloved husband of Nona
Maack, father of Milton Maack, dearly be-
loved son of William and Henricka Maack,
and brother of Hannah Maack, a native of
Fan Francisco, ag*>d 24 years 10 months and
25 days. (Hannibal. Miss., and Montpeller,
Ind.. papers please copy.)
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 208 Maple Ftreet, between Clay- and
Washington, where the services will be held
. under the auspices of Court Hubertus No. 15,
F. of A. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MAHON— In this city, June 12, 1900, Mary A,,
beloved daughter of John J. and Kate Mahon,
sister of Annie Ellen Mahon, granddaughter
of Mrs. Ellen Mahon, and niece of William
Mahon. a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years 3 months and 8 days.
in^ The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 30 Morris avenue, off
Harrison street. Interment private.
MILLER— In this city, June 10, 1900, Amelia,
beloved wife of William Miller, daughter of
Susie Welbanks, and mother of Dasie, Bessie
and Elsie Miller, a native of Idaho, aged 30
(ETThe funeral will take place this day
<Thursday). at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1237 Union street, thence to St.
Bri&id'B Church for services at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
NELSEN— In this city. June 12. 1900.. Marie
L.. youngest -and dearly beloved daughter of
J. L. and Jennie Nelaen, and sister of Char-
lotte and Erick Nelsen, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year and 4 days. (Seattle
and Chicago papers please copy.)
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday). »t 1 °' cl ?? K iT ? m th P residence
of her parents. 1634 Howard street, between
Twelfth and Thirteenth, Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
PEDEN— Entered Into rest. In this city. June
12. 1900, Jane T.. beloved wife of William J
Peden, mother of George T., Louisa j. and
William J. Peden Jr. and Mrs. Neil Cameron,
and sister of Mrs. J. \V. Reid, a native of
HUInboroujrh, Ireland.
jC3-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 12:30 o clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street, thence
to St. Stephen's Church. Fulton street, near
Flllmcre, at 1 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F.
RAICIVICH— In this city June 12, 1900. Nina,
beloved wife of Bozzo Ralclvich. and mother
of Ermlnla. Ellas, Olsberto, Aiexandro and
Vitorla Kalcivleh and Mr«. Georre Miholo-
nOOMS A%D BOARD.
CALIFOENIA. tO7 — An rxcrlleat opportunity to
tecure particularly desirable acccm. at mod-
est rates; ipeclal ratios famlllea: eun&y rms,
rn sulie cr einple; bf-st table In San Francisco.
JJAKKHT. 1043A ( Hotel Robinson)— Furn. rrns..
rirBt-cla«» board; <Joubl». fJO wk. ; single.
fZZ i3O.; modern: elevator; table board. J* wk.;
aieals. Kc. MRS. U. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
tlir ERADBURY. 1C04 California— New modern
family hotel; excellent table: 100 beautifully
fumlfched rooms; mcxJerate; phone Hyde J77L
TWKNTY-SIXTH. ETL nr] MlgBlon— Nicely
t furnished snnny . rooins, with or without
iK&rd, at very reasonable prices.
LAS PALUAS. ISM Market et.— Suite of 2 or 3
ras.; prixate; bath; rln. ran.; board optional.
PINE. 7S5— Sunjiy roonat with board; reason-
ftble.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY,
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:13 p. m.
BUNDAYS 8. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. II 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN,
y^~^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/L«kJ| 625 KIUBX Y ST. KstabUsbed
Krirlfi^ '" IH31 ror the treatment ol Private
•T&JJV-SW fiscjtfes, Lost ManhraxL lability or
•s?E5»'*lrt» diseas" rearing on ixxlyandmlndand
_?%g883a»Bf€ Skin Dlaeas*"*. 'l'bedoctorcnreawtaeii
0 ' 11 **™ 1^ 1 - r rry htm. Char«w low
tSiaMstSaS— t:arr«gnar»ntw1. CtUlorwrtu\
Dr. J. k\ oiuuos, Box 1937, sUa Fk_oc_ca
TOYO KISEN PSHI |
STEAMKRS WILL LEAVE WHAIIF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 d. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG. callinK at
Kobe (HIobo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with eteamers for In-
dia, " etc. No careo received on board on . day
ik'HONGKONO MARU.........
co " Thursday. Jane 14.. 1900
SS NIPPON MARU Tuesday, July 10, 1900
SS! AMERICA MARU....^........^ ...
. Friday. August 3. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. .For
frelKht and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. • • -
W. H. AVERY. General Agent
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON), CHERBOURG
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURO. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailing, etc, Apply. to
HAMBURG- AMERICAN LINE. 37 B'dw'y. N. Y.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved If secured before departure. ..
HERZOG & CO., Oen. Agts. for Pacific Coast,
«1 Calirornla sU corner Sansome, S. F, I
Chicago
Excupsion
Santa Fe Route
JUNE 21 and 22.
¦¦•¦"¦
TICKET OFFICE, 628 Market St.
AMERICAN LINE.
nr TOES. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. FABISL
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Paul June 27 New York July 11
BU Louis ...July 4/St Paul July IS
.RED STAF^ LINE. ;
New/ York <>od Antwafs.
- From New York every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark June 20) Kensington July 4
Westemland ...June 2<'Noordland July 11
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO.,
. 30 Montgomery street.
¦ n f« mi ¦ k T h • ¦ -" V i T ¦ -•*
EMPIRE LINE,
S S "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael May 24th. Subsequent sailings from (
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June SO, < July 31. August 30. For rates
and other Information apply to .
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.,
SO Montgomery St. .
-p.ATT.-R.QAT> TBAVEXk
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
BAY AND BIVEIt ST
Steamer "Monilcello."
MON-, Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m. : 3:15, 8:80 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. 3
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Docir,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE ...:. 50c
I F/AOI1AO ¦ BttIT" HATHO3 .650O To3»
i filViJlYflVaJ Lllli. loaOK ...esooTons
. . ___________ 8ER APIS .4000 Tons
Montlily sailine for Valparaiso and Hamburg
j v la Mexican porta. Central, South America, ate
I S. S. Luxor, 6300 tons, sails about June f .
I.D 8PRKCaKt»*BRO3.CO-ijta_, 114 eontjtw.ry St.
n, r f* T-»r»lr-tOaf, »?:Miri»l8L.9aa tm il-m
BORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Forty.
I ¦ Commencing: April Z3, 190& .
¦FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALfeR
AND 3AN RAFAEL. ¦.
: WEEK DATS— 7:00. '3:30. »:». ll.-M •. m.i
13:*3. 1-.H. 1:13^:15. •5:13, •:«. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP3— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, oa Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturday «
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:S3 p. m.
SUNDAYS— ?:C0. »J:0O. •3:00, •10:00, U:». U»
a. m.; 13:43. »l::o. t:30. *3:U. 1:00. «:30. lisa
p. tw_ . m
11:00 a. m. doea not ran to Saa 7tafae! Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:25, •«:». 7:50. 8:44. -10:14
m.: 1J:3O. 1:U. i:V. m 2:STt. 4:», 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
aad Saturdays at **:4S and 10:20 p. ra.
BUNDAT&-«:15. •«:(». »9:S0. Ml:«a. m.; »13:0»
m.; 1:00. 2:13.. •3:30. 4:80; •»:*&. «:iS. T^dl 1O;»
p. rn.
Trains marked (•) «tart from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VA1LEI TO SAX FRAJJCI3CCX
WEEK DATS-8:5i «:45 8:00 3:55. lOJOi..
m.: 12:8S 1^43. S:43. J:». 4:30, *:» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:S5. 8:05. 10:CS. U:19 a. m.: U:UL
1:20 2:30. 3:45, *:£5. 8:15. 7:03. 10:30 p. m.
• Through TRAiNa
7:00 a. m. wee!c days— Cazadero and way it*.
tlona.
3:15 p. m. Saturday*— Cazadero and way sia>
tlona.
5:15 p. m. weekdays f Saturdays ezc«pted>--
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. # Sundays— Casadero and way •ta-
ilors. •
13:43 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes aad wajr
stations.
WABASH
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
FROM
Chicago, Kansas City and St Louis
to
New York and New England Points.
Finest thioueh train service, with pollt* aad
eotrrtaous employes. Stop-off allowed at Um .
Valla. BOSS C. CLINK. P. C P. AgU. *
Lo» Angtilaa > CaJ,
. c. a. cBJofs. a. p. Aty, >
BU LouU, Ma.
OCEANIC S. S.* CO.— HONOr.TTT.IT, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. June 27, 2 p. m.
6 S MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
"lan'd and Australia. .....Wed.. July 11 8 p. m.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. H4 Montcomerj
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Frtight Office.327 Market St
COHPAGNIE GENEBALE TRAH3ATLAHTIQCZ.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
fcallins every Thursday insfad of •&ZJ?X r *i
Saturday, from November 2, 1SJ9. at *3*W**Ja,
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton rt. LA LORRAINE. June 14; LA
CHAMPAGNE. June 21: L'AQUITAINE. June
2S: LA TOURAINE. July 5. First clasa to
Havre. J60 and upward; 5 per cent reduction
en round trie Second class to Havre. H5: 5
per cent reduction on round trio. GEXERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 22 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork. J. F. FUQAZI & CO.. Paclflo Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
June U. 22. July J
COLUMBIA sails June 17. J7, July 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market at.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
CADC S' 2 F |rst Class Including Berth
rAnC $8 Second Clas* - and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
iFOI^TIli.A.JSriD
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
ay, Steamers '.cave Broadway
»l^ wharf, San Francisco:
WN»^ For Alaskan i>orts— U a. m-.
M8E3ffite. June 10, IS. 20. 25, SO, July 5.
I|S9p^3&-k Change to company" a steara-
l3(T»«!fY£Sl e " at Seattle.
BagViM VAl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
E9**Sa-52Eii1 C ). Port Townsend. .Seattle.
r***3fc45%?A Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes.
**- and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. June 10. IS, 20, 25, M.
July 5. and every fifth day thereafter: Chang*
at Seattle to thlB company's steamers for Alaa-
ka and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at
For^Eureka. Humbotdt Bay-10 a. m. June
12. 17. 22. 27, July 2. and every fifth day
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ueos. Port Harford (San. Luis Obispo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara.- Ventura. Hueneme San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
9 a. m.. June 8. 12. 1«. 20. 24, 23. July 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (Ean Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angelea>— 11 a.
m.. June 10. 14, 18. 12. 2«, JO. July 4. and every
fourth day thereafter. ¦*
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jo«» del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Roaalla
'and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. .
For further information obtain company's
°The company reserves th* right t» change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (PaUee Hotel). •¦
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Oen. Arents.
10 Market St.. San Franelsco.
Will sail from Seattle and Tacoma June 21.
July II and August 27. The SENATOR sail-
ing July U. will make an Excursion Trip via
the inland passage, and after landing at Nonn
will continue north thro* the Behrins Straits,
past Esst Cape on the Siberian coast, crossing
the Arctio Circle, passing into the Arctio
Ocean. Passengers are advised to Inspect the
Senator before purchasing tickets via other
Eteamers. aj her second-class and steerag* ac-
commodations are superior to the flrst-class
accommodations on most of th« steamers ad-
vertised for Nome. The Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co. has been running ita steamers to
Alaska— winter and summer— for 23 -years and
is the Pioneer Pacific Coast Line. For further
information inquire of J. F. TROWBRIDGH.
Ocean Dock. Seattle, Wash. ; N. POSTON. 249
Washington St.. Portland. Or.: W. PARRIS. 124
West Second st, Los Angeles, Cal.: GOOD-
ALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Agt*.. 10 Market
st. TICKET OFFICE— I New Montgomery »t^
San Francisco.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
ss:isr^.To:Ft
Paclfio €oas! Steamship Co.
DIRBCT.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Rubenstein of Hanford. and Nanette Roth-
blum of Alameda. •
SCHAEFER— WESSNER— In this city, June 12,
1500, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Henry Schae-
fer and Emma Wessner.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— By gentleman; room and board,
with use of yard, within walking distance of
Thirtieth et. and San Jose ave. Address
box 2646. Call offlce.
NOTICE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Arylum since January. 1899:
Elizabeth Ault. axed 10 years; Margaret Ault.
6 years; Hazel Wlllde, 10 years; Lydla Wil-
kle, S years; Ruth Wl!kle, 1 year?; Irene
Valdez. 9 yean; Loretto Duran, 7 years; Mad-
e'.ine Duran, € years ; Ray Croall. 8 years;
Otllla Bank. ( years; Gertrude McClellan,
S years.
LADIES— Chlchester' s English Pennyroyal Pill*
are the beet; cafe, reliable; take no other:
spfta <c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," In letter by return mall; at drug-
Bists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. PhlladeU Pa.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $*: collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery et.; rooms 9-10; tef. B580.
vlch, a native ¦ of Lepetane, Austria, aged 37
years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances, are ?t spect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RYDER— In this city, June 13, 1900, Rosita Ry-
der, widow of George \V. Rdyer, and beloved
mother of William G.; Ryder, a native of
Chile, ased 74 years. . /
(ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
June 16, 1900, at'S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1S0S Mason street, thence to Yglesla
de Nuestra Senora 'de Guadalupe (Spanish
Church), corner of Mason street and Broad-
way, where a high requiem mass will be said
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. . . ,
SCHEEFER-In this city, June 13, 1900, Ferd-
inand J., dearly beloved husband of Ulrlka
Scheefer, and brother of Mrs. Carl Gutter-
muth of Germany, a native of Germany, aged
67 years S months and 21 days.THEY ELOPED BECAUSE
HER MOTHER SAID NAY
5a F& ISS ETHEL PREWETT of Liv
//\//\ lngston, Mont., and Richard A.
11 M> \ Norman of Gridley, in the same
.State, journeyed all the way ;o
San Francisco to get married. The cere
mony was performed in the garlors of the
St. Nicholas Hotel yesterday afternoon
by Rev. W. C. Jenkins of the First Bap
tist Church." The mother of the bride and
a; few relatives and intimate friends of
the young couple were present.
The bride Is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. . W. H. . Prewett of Livingston, her
father being a prominent mining man of
Montana. The bridegroom is the pro
prietor of a drugstore in Gridley and well
known in fraternal circles In the northern
State.
Mr.and Mrs. Norman will spend several
weeks traveling through, California before
returning to Montana. They will make
their future home in Gridley.
They Married Far From .Home.
Chased • Witn a Knife.
/Antone'Jellch, a vegetable dealer, Bwore
to a warrant in Judge 'Fritz's court- yea-*
terdaytfor the arrest of 'Pietrb Vldovich.'
cook in a' restaurant at O'Farrell and Ma
son streets,; who, " Jellch s.ays,: chased him
out of the restaurant, threatening to kill
him. - . .
Plasterers Elect Officers.
The Journeymen Plasterers' Association
held a meeting last night and elected th«
following named officers: Daniel McCall,
president: D. J. Ahern. vice president;
John Lawless, recording secretary; II. E.
McCoy, financial secretary; Joseph Gar
diner, treasurer; John Fay, marshal; John
Donivan, William Wilson and Charles
Knowles, trustees. .
Notice to Passengers.
Round-trip transfer, tickets on sale at
any of our offices. One trunk (round trip),
60 cents. Morton Special Delivery. 408
Taylor street. 650 Market street. Oakland
ferry depot. .'. - . . "
Will Now Marry a Man.
Pauline Rowand was granted a divorce
from Clarence F. Rowand yesterday by
Judge Murasky. The grounds were ex
treme cruelty. The testimony showed two
years' of quarrels, bad lanRuage and dish
throwing, with some Jealousy and a touch
of intemperance. Hoth are or have been
on the stage, and both were with the
Frawley company. When the divorce had
been granted the plaintiff's comment was,
"I married an actor: now I am goinsr to
marry a man." and she intimated that she
would Btart East for that purpose at once.
Will Shut Off Water in Vacation.
The Board of Education, through Chair
man Mark, '.will" notify 'the principals of
all schools . to-day that air cleaning re
quiring the' use 'of water 1 must be done
before July 1.- It-is intended to shut oft
the water .'in -the school buildings, except
those surrounded?. by lawns • or erardens,
during vacation, and a considerable sav
ing will thus be effected. •
DECLINE TO SUPPLY
v MEAT TO ALMSHOUSE
Auditor Advises Superintendent
Beddy to Purchase in the
Open Market
Superintendent Reddy of the City and
County Almshouse notified the Auditor
yesterday that F. Patek & Co., who have
the contract for furnishing meat to that
Institution, had informed him that they
would decline to supply any more until
the suit pending to compel the Auditor to
gay. the demands of the firm out of the
t. Marys Park fund was settled.
The Auditor asked " Reddy if he could
buy beef In open market nt a fair price,
and Reddy answered that he could. The
Auditor told him to go ahead and do so
and he would pay. the bills out of the
J3.100 set aside for emergency supplies for
the - Almshouse. Similar action will be
taken should the contractors refuse to
provide the City and County Hospital with
food supplies, as the sum of $2400 has been
set aside for that Institution.
Passed a Bogus Note.
Charles Carlson, the sailor who passed
a $50 Confederate note on Charles Llnd
ross. bartender In a saloon at 245 Steuart
street, was yesterday sent to the County
Jail for six months.
Adams' Final Lecture.
'Henry Ashton Adams will deliver his
final lecture this evening In Metropolitan
Hall for the Catholic Truth Society. His
subject will be "Cranks," and the lecture
is said to be his brightest and most enter
taining. Seats may be reserved during the
day at the office of the society, room 87,
Flood building. •
Frlo; = .n : rtndents crowded the audi
torS-jm of :he Lincoln Evening School at
Fifth and Market streets last night to
witness the distribution of diplomas and
medals by President C. "W. Mark and lis
ten to the excellent musical and literary
programme rendered by the pupils, under
the direction of Principal C. H. Macdon
ald.
The much coveted Denman medal was
carried off by Alice Imelda Kelly. The
Bridge medals were claimed by Edward
Suter, William O. Backman and Otto Jep
eon. In Dr. S. B. Koblcke's rlass the
graduates were: William Otto Backman,
Sol. Eschen. May Falconer, Daniel D.
Harris, Mary E. Mangan, Wanda Edith
B. Neumann. Mary Rlley. John E. Slebel
Jr.. James P. Smith. Edward J. Reilly
and Edward Suter.
Here are the graduates from Miss E. J.
Onyon's department: Alice Imelda Kelly,
Henrietta M. Hillmann, Jennie Preato
McRowe, Mary Frances Rowan. Yetta J.
Anderson. Mary Lucinda Baldocchl,
Jamps A. Dolan, Otto Jepsen, George V.
Daley, William HInrichsen. Howard Alex
ander McMullen and Henry von Gelste
feld.
The architectural drawing class, under
F. Rothranger, presented the following
named candidates for diplomas: A. Bon-
With Music, Literary Exercises and
Presentation of Coveted Awards,
or C.rr.tV.:it:s Celebrate tho Close
a" School Year.
COMMENCEMENT
EXERCISES OF
EVENING PUPILS
Horace Mann and Lincoln
Night Schools Award
Merited Tokens.
L - E £ b> Charles Fantonl. E. Helblng.
\\ Illlanj T\ Koschnitzky. Carl Mertens
Oscar G. Olsen and H. F. Stieper.
In the mechanical drawing class, taught
by W illiam P. Morgan and L. C. Christie,
these pupils graduated: Charles Bendele,
F^ A. Meinecke. P. F. Schmidt. Charles
Wagner. J. F. Helnbockel. Wilbert Pen
gelley and E. Gibson.
Prior to the presentation of diplomas
Superintendent of Public Instruction
\\ ebster addressed the departing gradu
ates. Miss Iona MacDonaM rendered a
clever reading. Edward J. Reilly recited
and Mabel A. Richardson and Alice King
read selections. Several musical numbers
were sandwiched In between the literary
exercises. The Humboldt Quintet sang
sweetly, F. Speller rendered a solo, Fritz
\\ ah!!n gave a baes selection and a zither
trio by lllfnes Kelly. Hillmann and Mc-
Rowe brought down the house.
Horace STnnn Graduation.
"With dancing end a lengthy programme
of good things, the graduates of the Hor
ace Mann Evening School welcomed com
mencement day and the presentation of
diplomas and medals to this year's gradu-
o tes- . iT",* 5 e * er e ls « > s were held In Native
feons Hall on Seventeenth street and Va
lencia. The Hon. James Denman presided
and awarded the graduates - their di
plomas. Previous to the presentation the
following programme was rendered:
Class eon*, by the rraduates; opening re
marks, Joseph P. Ashe; way. \V. Haaselbrock
vocal solo. Mi»s Ethel Carroll: recitation. Miss
I>m!e Lavery; piano solo. Miss Lily Wajie
dialect, by Charles Barth; ewiy, Edward Kelly.
Following are the medalists of the ninth
grade: First. Edward Kelly; second
Amelia Schmidt; third, equally merited
by John Bruns. James Lally 'and Fred
Matthal. Drawn by Fred Matthai.
The following named were presented
with shorthand and typewriting diplomas:
Emily Armstrong, George R. Brockmann
Beffile Callahan, Mamie Carroll Robert
S. Dougherty, Imelda D. Doyle. Emma G.
Eggers. Katie Fitrpatrick, Gertrude Gal
lagher. Harold Gill. May F. Hamilton.
Harvey Hennlnga. Llllie E. Hillman,
Grace O. Hoflnghoff. Sherwood Ing Doris
Jurgens, Ada V. Long. -Ella Peters Ce
cilia T. Power. Henry C. Reed. Mathilda
Schmit, Edgar Stoltz and Walter Thomn-
Bon. ¦
The business graduates were as follows •
Bookkeeping— Melville Asch. Eugene Bar
teau. George R. Brockmann. Agnes R
Flanagan. Carl Johnson, Henry King
Elizabeth C. Kane. James Landers Hugo
Loewy, Edward J. Lynch. Otto Marx,
Minna Maglll, Duncan MeDougall, Joseph
H. Rldgeway and Floyd Smith.
Following are the ninth grade gradu
ates: John Bruns, Julius Bucking, Frank
Collins, John Collum. John Darcy Grover
Grady. William Grady, Edward Kelly.
James I*illy. Frederick Matthal, Richard
Mittelstadt. Howard Morrison. Cuthen
Nelson. Charles Payne. Ameller Schmidt,
John Smith and George Stelling.
After the exercises the floor was cleared
and teachers, pupils and friends danced
away the close of the school term.
The most unique, picturesque and com
fortable cafe in America will unbar Its
doors for the Inspection of the public to
day.
The decorators have concluded their fin
ishing touches, and the "Pabst." at the
corner of Powell and Ellis streets, is now
an accomplished ornament to San Fran
cisco.
The interior of this palace has been or
namented In a manner far beyond any
thing attempted in this city; the very
walls forming an art gallery of surpassing
beauty, made up of magnificent •oil paint
ings, representing outdoor studies of pic
turesque California,
It Is the determination of the proprietors
of this beautiful resort to cater only to
the better class of patrons, and to make
an individual specialty of serving after
theater parties. The cuisine will be In
trusted to the art of a chef who poseseses
an International reputation for culinary
skill. No expense has been spared to
make this new venture perfect in all its
details, and the reputation of its proprie
tors, who have for so many years con
ducted the original Louvre, corner of
O'Farrell and Market streets, is a guar
antee of perfect management. High class
family trade will receive the undivided at
tention of the Pabst Cafe managers,
Messrs. Schwarz and Beth.
The Most Beautiful Family
Resort in America.
OPENING OF THE
PABST CAFE
An answer to the cult for divorce in
the case of Charles H. Smith vs. Jose
phine Smith was filed in. the Superior
Court yesterday afternoon.
The case in one* form or. another has
claimed the attention of the courts for
more than seven years, the first action
being one by the defendant for separate
support and maintenance.
Smith has been In the employ of the
Southern Pacific Railroad for a number
of years, acting In the capacity of cash
ier to- the Treasurer of that company.
The couple were married in 1878'and have
a son aged about 20 years. The boy has
taken sides with hie mother and. actord
lng to the father's complaint, has taken
active Issue against him.
Mrs. Smith left her husband May 2, 1892,
on account, she alleges, of his cruel treat
ment, and a year later . through her at
torney. Carroll Cook, brougnt the suit for
separate maintenance and support. The
decree granted her an allowance of 1100
p^r month, which amount was paid by her
husband from the- time or the issuance
of the decree until January of this year,
when he commenced the divorce proceed
ing. Mrs. Smith maintains that she had
often been asked by her husband to seek
divorce or to allow him to do so, but She
has steadfastly refused on account of re
11 In°hls complaint Smith alleges that since
hifl.wlfe received legal separation without
divorce she. has harassed and annoyed
him continually and has written letters
to him in which she accused him of theft,
cruelty and desertion and charged him
with all sorts of primes and ¦ pract cea;
that on many occasions she has insulted
him on the street, «n his office or wher
ever an opportunity offered; that she hay
more than once threatened to kill mm anrt
with the assistance of her son carmrto
his room and beat him and horsewhipped
In her answer Mrs. Smith denies all. of
the important allegations and makes sep
arate charges against her husband. -She
alleges that he on . many -occasions dis
played violent fits ¦ of passion and would
break the furniture, kick and beat her
and her then infant son; that on one oc
casion Mr. Smith was arrested on Morton
street for the alleged - stealing from a
dressmaker of a dress pattern which .waa
being made for his wife and . that at hU
request she secured his release- from
P1 On D one occasion.. Mrs.- Smith alleges, her
husband allowed her.to.be grossly insult
ed by N. P. Smith, the treasurer : of the
Southern Pacific ' Company, and refused
to protect her; that while she was leaving
the building her husband met her in the
hallway and pressed a pistol to her head
and threatened to kill her. • .
The answer filed by Mrs; Smith is a
typewritten affair of many pages and al
leges many acts of cruelty and,Indiscre
tion. She denies In toto the charges
against > her and pleads limitation. . T.ne
letters, which are made part of her hus
band's complaints she does not deny, but
claims that they. were private correspond
ence and that any publicity given them
was by Mr. Smith. Mrs: Smith ,1s repre
sented by Samuel" M. Shortridge. •
Divorce Case Which Has Been Be
fore the Courts for Many
Years Ib Again
Taken Up.
Mrs. Smith Files Many
Counter-Charges Against
Her Husband.
MAKES ANSWER
IN STRONG AND
VIGOROUS TONE
NATIVE SONS BUSY WITH
ADMISSION DAY FETE
What the Celebration Will Consist
Of to Be Determined Upon
To-Morrow. i
At the meeting of the joint ninth of
September celebration committee of the
Native Sons of the Golden West to-mor
row night there will be presented the plan
of the celebration as outlined by the com
mittee on scope, which will be acted upon
promptly, as, until it is- determined what
will be done, the subcommittee will not
be able to make much progress.
The general Idea now Is that there
should be a naval parade on the night of
Saturday, the 8th, and an Illumination of
the city; that Sunday should be devoted
to church going and visiting the Park,
Cliff and other resorts; that on Monday
the grand parade and literary exercises
should be held and that Tuesday should
be filled with excursions on the bay dur
ing tho day time and a grand ball at
night.
Sunday will ' be the 9th, Admission
day, and that being a legal holiday Mon
day will be observed by the commercial
world. It is proposed to ask the Gover
nor to declare Tuesday 'a legal holiday
also, so that there shall be no interruption
in the festivities. ¦>
There were a number of visitors at
headquarters In the Palace Hotel yester
day to obtain general information in rela
tion to the celebration. Next week the
headquarters will be opened at night as
well as by day and there will always- bo
some one In attendance.
Grand Marshal Costello received a let
ter from California Parlor yesterday, an
nouncing that the members will parade
In dark blue uniforms, the coats being or
namented with black braid frogs; the caps
will be similar to the fatigue cap of the
Knights Templar. On the coat collar will
be the letters X. S. G. "W"., and on the
front of the cap will be a wreath of
laurel with the figure 1 in the center. .
Stanford Parlor will make one of the
finest displays among those of the local
parlors. There have already been ordered
120 uniforms similar to the fatigue uni
form of the United States navy. The
coat collar will be adorned with "76," the
number of the parlor. Several attractive
features are being prepared by this par
lor.
E. M. Elsfelder, a member of Bay City
Parlor, has volunteered to decorate tho '
headquarters In the Palace Hotel and will
commence' work this morning. The pre
vailing colors will be Ted, white and
blue, to represent the patriotism of th«
Native Sons, and gold to represent the
State.
THE steamer Mariposa. which sailed
for Honolulu yesterday, carried away
a haripy pair of elopers— Al R. Hill
iary and Carrie Henninger. bound
hard and fast in the holy bonds of matri
mony in ppite of a frowning, opposing
mair.ma-!n-law. It was the old story— a
daughter choosing as her heart and not
her mother dictated and a splendid fellow
frowned down upon because he had not
as much of this world's goods as the girl
he loved.
Hilliary and Miss Hennlnger were mar
ried on Tuesday evening. Justice Barry
united the loving couple at his home, 417
Van Nes? avenue. Harry Brennan sup
ported the groom and Miss Kitty Gorman
acted as maid of honor. In spite of the
hurried and necessarily private features
of the wedding-, the charming bride was
appropriately dressed in an exquisite
lace gown. Naturally, no cards were is
sued for the affair, but after the ceremony
a number of friends joined the newly
wedded couple tit Zinkand's. where many
bumpers were drunk to their future good
health and happiness.
The beautiful -youn^ bride Is the daupn
ter of Mrs. B. Henningor. a wealthy
widow, and Al Hilliary. the groom, is a
well-known wine merchant of this. city.
The journey to Honolulu will be the bridal
trip of the young couple, but thev are to
stay there, for the husband is to be man
ager of one of the best known cafes in
lu Isl . ands - Another charming feature of
tne elopement was the announcement
through it of the engagement of Miss
Gorman and Mr. Brennan. who, by the
way, will adhere to the generally accepted
customs and receive a parent's blessing
at the nuptials.
After many weeks of delay and investi
gation, both public and private, the Board
of Police Commissioners finally decided
yesterday to make no exceptions to their
order made seme weeks ag-o to close all
side entrances to saloons and compel hold
ers of liquor licenses to cut down the par
titions In their saloons to a height of six
feet.
Since the order was first Issued the en
tire Influence cf the saloon faction has
been directed on the Commissioners with
a view to havlns the order rescinded, or
at least modified to the extent o* making
exceptions !n ?. few cases of downtown
places that h3vo been in business for
many years. It was particularly sought
to make exceptions of the Hoffman Cafe,
Goodfellows" CJrotto and the Odeon. Night
after night the proprietors of these places
have appeared before the Commissioners,
backed by legal tnlent, ana argued to have
the order modified, claiming: that 'their
places are restaurants aa ; much as the
many so-called French restaurants In the
city.
The Commissioners were in session over
three, hours yesterday before they took
the final vote that settled the whole.mat
ter. During: the session they heard more
arguments and looked over petitions with
out number, but they refused to recede
from their position. A general order was
Issued to captains and lieutenants to no
tify all saloon men that the order will be
enforced to the" letter, in accordance with
order 2636 of the Board of Supervisors.
All who fall to comply with the order will
be refused renewals of their licenses
when they again come before the Com
missioners.
Saloon-Keepers Wto Cater to the
Trade of "Women Fall to Make
I Any Impression on Po
lice Board.
Absolutely No Exceptions
to the Order Will Be \
Made.
SIDE ENTRANCES
MUST CLOSE, SAY
COMMISSIONERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 14, 1900. .
CAME TO THE PACIFIC
METROPOLIS TO WED
Mr. and Mrs. Al R. Hilliary.
12
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
(Old number 21 Stockton st.)
TELEPHONE MAIN 6522.
SOME MORE ASTOUNDING THREE-
DAY PRICES.
IT KEEPS PEOPLE WONDETUSO
HOW WE DO IT. BUT IT'S VERT
SIMPLE.
BEING ALWAYS IN THE MARKET
WITH READY CASH IS WHAT SE-
TAGE.OVER OUR COMPETITORS.
A.BC, BEER, pfs $1.35, qts $2.10
Finest beer In America; made In St. Lous.
Regularly, $1 55 and }2 35 a dozen.
SARDINES, large tin 20c
Imported French sardines; put up In pure
olive OIL Regularly, 25c.
GRAPE-NUTS, pkg.. ..I2ic
¦ Food for the brain and nerve. Regularly,
15c.
SLICED PINEAPPLE, large tin-. 1 5c
New Importation; very delicious. Regular-
ly. 20c.
ITALIAN PRUNES. 3 lbs 25c
30 prunes to the Ib. ; fine flavdr. Regularly,
15c a Ib. *
WHISKEY, dot 75c, 3 bots- -S2. 00
Gallon $3 OO
E C. Berry Bourbon: spring '90; etralght
goods. Regularly, |l and f*.
IMPORTED MACARONI, pkg. • I2jc
Spaghetti, Vermicelli and Paste. Regular-
ly. 13ci U . .
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE - PROMPT
ATTENTION.
CATALOQUE FREE.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY. SATURDAY.
3-Day Specials!
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS I A GREXT ' RE3TOHATIVE. IN VlUOitA-
tor and Nervine.
Tho moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonlo for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tha Kid.
ntys and Bladder. Bella on its own merits
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agent*.
123 Market St.. 8. F.— tSeud tor ClrcuUr.lt
SAMPLES OF OUR
HANDIWORK
demonstrate the superiority of the XTnlted
States Laundry. You'll find them In our
office and also on the persons of scores of
well-dressed people In San Francisco.
Such people are the heralds of our skill.
They carry the proof of It everywhere,
and they confirm and extend our popu-
larity. "No saw edges."
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street,
Near Powell. r
Telephone— South 420,
Oakland Office— 36S 12th Street.
Don't etarf on your. Journey ¦ without putting-
a bottle of Jesse Moore ; "AA" ia ' your grip.
Our printing: brings 'you more buslnesa: it's
winning _ work. ': : . Mysell-Rolllns, 33 ' Clay. • .
Prices
Quality Sells
Our
China
Crockery
Ulassvrare
Come Just to Look.
Qreat Amertcai IniDortiiig Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
JI0-S12 Grant Art. . (Bet. Sutter and Post).
»«1 Market St. . - - (Opp. Powell).
140 Sixth St. ¦'- :'¦¦.¦
S5S Hare* St. m Third St
1419 Polk St. Ml Montgomery At*
Kit Mission St. T06 Larktn St.
1006 Sixteenth SC 1&19 Devtsadero St.
14« Ninth St. 475 Halrht St. .
2008 Flllmors St. S28S Mission St.
(2 Market St. J7i: nth St.
; OAKLAND STORES.
lCSS'Washlnrtoa St. «1* K. 12th St. ¦-¦ ¦
1Z*7 Broadway. : " 1186 2Jd Arm.
1510 Beneath St. xut Park St.. AJam*da,
SNAPS
FOR
TO-DAY and TO-MORROW'S
BUYERS at
AT 25o WILU SELL:
LADIES' CRASH OVERSKIHTS. full width;
sold elsewhere COc.
AT 4Sc.' • - ' .
LADIES' LINEN OVERSKIRTS. • trimmed
sides and bottoms with white braid;, sold else-
where 75c.
AT 08c ', ¦% ¦*>;:>
LADIES' NAVY BLUE or BLACK DUCK
OVERSKIRTS, trimmed with braid. box
plaited back; sold elsewhere $1.60. •
at 74o. •V.-;.\.,v-;
LADIES* COVERT CLOTH OVERSKIRTS.
full width, all colors: sold elsewhere 51.
AT 34c. ¦
B«>t quality LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS,
cluster of tucks, trimmed with embroidery.
AT 5c YARD.
LINEN TORCHON LACE, 3 and 4 Inches
wide, 10 different patterns; worth from 10c to
15c yard.
AT 3e YARD.
FRENCH VALENCIENNES LACE. 1-lnch
wide; Insertion to match, same price; regular
price 6V»c yard.
AT 5c YARD.
One-Inch double-edge Embroidery; worth 10c
yard.
AT G5c.
LADIES' CALICO WRAPPERS In navy blue
and black and white: sold elsewhere at $1.
AT 40e.
LADIES' BEST MUSLIN GOWNS. full
length. 16 tucks, yoke trimmed with 2 row* of
insertion; sold elsewhere 76c. . •""SKS'Sil
AT 74 c.
LADIES' SAILOR COLLAR GOWNS, collar,
neck and sleeves trimmed with embroidery,
yoke Inserted ; worth JL - -
AT 45e. - '•• .
LADIES' MUSLIN SKIRTS, full width. . 8
tucks, ruffled flounce. • .
AT 40c. ?
LADIES' SQUARE YOKE CHEMISE, made
of best -muslin. 24 tucks. 5 rows of lace and
embroidery Insertion In yoke; regular price
1 AT 12 l-2c,PAIR.
LADIES' FAST BLACK HOSE, double heel
and toe; worth elsewhere ' 20c. > ,
AT 14c PAIR.' ,-.._.^.-
Our regular 20c CHILDREN'S HOSE, seam-
leRf. double knee, heel and toe. sizes 5 to 9U-
great value. . . .. t '
Five different lines • of LADIES* SHIRT
WAISTS and a sample line; Of CHILDREN'S
and INFANTS' CLOAKS and REEFERS In
wool materials and white pique, placed on sale
to-day and to-morrow. '¦¦...-
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet. Taylor arid Jones.
Manufacturers of Ladle*' and Children's Wear
, Sell Retail at Wholesale Prices. ¦ '..
Hale'j*.
f 3 few items from the jf
'^^^fflkJ^nKA that it*3 wise to come here ®
' '« jifllPi^SB^ifeV for M dre53 or household 0>
4 m wiM °- llteSit ) "4 and * 3 - 8 ° ¦ I
i wmm fiifNs' s " k waists $
S WJ-&WMm?kMwPJm illustration shows one of In,
% bf/ { M^MPtfW£@lM W M ls l s on whlch we *« Mhir - fSf
o » Mi ally havin * a v «ry successful N^ -
llSib'i |3r -/^\Sr>.^TCslsl £ale - thff y corns in all the lead- x.
fiBLwf ¦© 0 Wi ing shades- _ %
3SJi>l <# ® iS *2.95 and S3.BO
« Ula?' \e-\ #*» cQ AhS t^ ie wa "t3 are made in latest u'
& FSlfe?^ l /HH style from taffeta silk> cordcd 0)
SJ i&af V n <«5 / ia anf * tu . c^ et^' stock collar, fiarinst (&
W PHLml^rr -- Va cuff, sizes 32 to 42, will be found P^
'6 \f £ surprisingly prood quality.... w
$2.95 and $3.50 H
dress goods . . l^
e* here is something of more than ordinary interest to economl- Ifs
\l. cal good dressers — \M
jp colored Venetian cloths, 12 pieces, 58 inches wide, in different q,
jj\ shades of blue, brown and tan, worth $1.00 per yard, for..yard 65c />
all-wool oxford and beige homespuns, 50 inches wide, very e~
W popular for outing and street costumes. ...... ...... ..^yard $1.00 TOT.
.0 crash reduction sale Z
30 pieces all linen crash, 17 inches wide, regular 8 1-3C quality, g£
e3| to-day 7J40 fe
<6 wash fabric opportunity o»
At? 3000 yards cotton challi, 25 inches wide, cream colored ground. 7K
with dresden figure t yard 5c
% underwear for ladies toilet articles .
P one of those price reductions horn comb ,*w*.3Sc jv
'A that makes this department so castile soap, y 2 \b bars^r^.,^Sc Ik
<m P °^ U !f r " 1 a- ' ¦ uu a kirk toilet soap .5c 8^
fyj 40 dozen ladies jersey ribbed . . * . , J w
<(i wool vests and pants, medium rubber synnges, 3 tubes....soc
,(0 weight; vests handsomely fin- hot water bag, rubb«r..^^.7Sc *h
££* ished with satin band fronts, rubber gloves...^,,...«»..S5c
&j pearl buttons, gussets in "
% sleeves; pants made with french ffo sfore io offer Sea- V
iO band, buttons on the side; color j-_t._ 1 _.-/- ** n u . 0\
blue only; regular $1.00 qual- ™ OT f 6r {' „ a PW t0 G ' *• fk
e?j ity each 68c Umbsen & Co.
1
I ORIENTAL
SPECIAL SALE.
25 Per Cent Discount on Our Entire
Stock of
ORIENTAL GOODS.
Consisting of
RARE RIGS AND CARPETS, KELIM
AND BAGDAD CURTAINS.
CHAS. M. PLUM & CO.
Ninth and Market Sts^ S. f .
THE
OUR GRAM-0-PflONE
REVOLUTIONIZED.
Silence is golden in the
presence of an ordinary
talking, machine— but the
man who made the proverb
would take it back if he
heard the Zon-o-phone.
TTPE A • - ¦ •
I« an exe»«JlnKlr handsome machine, encased
in a quartered-oak cabinet, piano finish, pij.
lare<J corner*, with eWes of beveled plate glass.
showing working of theiaechtnlFm. Furnuhed
, with burni^ed brasi horn. Price. 925.OO.-
OTHER PI-AIXER STYIJ3S AT f 20.00 and
FZZjr.u.
Fist, imperishable disc records have always
been one of the distinctive features of our
trade, and la no br&nch of our business have
there been made so many and *o marvelous ad-
vances as in the art of recording and repro-
ducing sound.
RECORDS, 5Oe each. Complete descriptive
catalogue cent free. Zon-o-phones constantly on
exhibition at
Sherman. Clay & Cc.'s Music House,
COF.KER ICKAEIf T AND SCTTEB STS.. S. F.
I i
¦ m . - jji • - . jii i
. g| icj | S lai ' cj leal 5[
AFull Lwine of Bar Outfits
I IN OAK AND REDWOOD, i
'. .The best and cheapest outfits on the Coast. A full
¦*- stock-on hand. , No. waiting. Delivery within two days of
- .• - receiving. order. -< Alt. have beveled French mirrors.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
(Incorporated)
PHONE SOUTH 14. SAB 'FRANCISCO. 1017-1023 MISSION STREET.
• Send S cents for postage on new furniture catalog.
PAINLESS .
DENTISTRY!
Evenings until 9. , Sundays all 7
day.- ' • .-„ * . t
Full Set of Teeth, pain- i
less extractions free.. 84.00 up x
Gold Crowns. 22-k......$3J5O up
¦- Fillings S5o up ' '
¦ Teeth Without-' Plates Our ' '
¦' Specialty. -We give gas. • -<>
• !?»«*•»»••-?•¦?•••••>««»
"van vroom,"
tOOl MARKET,
SIXTH and MARKET.
.... ¦. . ¦ / ¦ - ¦ __ ¦ - .
Sale's.
i|k