If he had the strengtn and ••ncsurahce to.
etand it I would lock him In the wardrobe
In my room and create the impression that*
he had Jumped overboard to account for
i..s disappearance. He would then have a
better opportunity to land at Vera Cruz.'
I explained to him that the wardrobe was
so small. that he could neither stand erect
nor sit ..down, but that it was the only
reasonably safe place of hiding, as the
secret would then be known to us only.
He agreed to this plan and said his motto
was 'Fortuna audax Juvat."
"During the three days we lay off Tam
plco Diaz was sick vrith a higrh fever, the
result of being in the water so long.vZa
mora.- the' American doctor, -who was
really his aid-de-cair.p, and I watched his
door continually and insisted that .the
patient was Dr. de la Bcza and not the
famous general.. ¦ We did what . we could
to get' him well enough to be moved be
fore we left Tamplco.
"At the end " of the third^ day, all . the
soldiers having been . taken , aboard, no
tice was -given that the ship would leave
the following morning. . The ¦< night was
terribly stormy and the Mexican officer
doing sentry duty In the.etorm Invariably
ran to the lee side for "protection when
ever a gust of i wind "and rain swept'the
decks. I counted the time It took him'to
return to his pos t and decided that It
closed « the .window,; locKea it, drew the
curtain i and eat downi After a pause she
said, .'You took your, time :In coming.' Re- .
celvlng: no'- response : she "said,-, withj'the
most: intense j feeling, you suppose for
one moment that I would betray the hero ;
of my \c6untry? No,: I would defend him
with every. drop_of, blood In my veins.' No
matter what I said in reply to this. It waa
a tremendous j relief/ '^She ; asked me what
Bhe'.could do, and;Itbld;her to remain in
her, room for the; rest of the journey, and .
when i>~ she Vwas "questioned -. at Vera Cruz
to ;say that 'sheVwas: too lll-to leave her ¦
berth, and therefore^ knew nothing of the
whole 'affair.; She swore to this very state
m'entilnvVerafCruz,* not once, but twice,
so untiring , were -the' authorities in trying'
to' secure evidence; ; : * „ - : »
"The • night before we * reached Vera
Cruz the -colonel sent for "me to. come to
his room?;. After expressing his gratitude
for. the many courtesies-whlch . he j and . his
men had "received, he said ;. he was sorry
that 'so bright a young man' should have
chosen to aid j andv abet tho traitor. Gen
eral- Porflrio Diaz, and that if. I did not tell
him 'where the \ rebel .was. hiding I would
surely; be shot.\.fHe tlrst tried to rouse my
self-interest, and falling. then made an ap
peal tin the "interest; of humanity; saying
that ; in^ the ; war , whjch - was sure to
follow^ the; escaped of ¦ Diaz thousands of
innocent lives » would be sacrl need. At the
conclusion^ of j this speech : he asked wheth
er the man waa" really'Gerieral; Diaz or the,'
'crazy "doctor." -ri.. replied- that he* knew ,as
well as; I did "that it was Diaz.^ and "that
if 'he; hadj known'hbw ;to;dof his duty he
would" have arrested 'the man in spite of
the 'i fact ; that ; the ' Havana .was an v Amerl-,
can k v6ssel.'vl'told hlmthat he could have
salutedthe American- flag.afterward, and
his 'own • Government .would i have : praised '
aiid \ promoted j him. ,/ Instead \ he }. had al
lowed ¦ his 1 man; to .'escape. 'h I also pointed
out L the? fact -that 'he had -900 armed -men
against ; the steamer's' crew .of * fifty-two,
and saidil thought he was in greater dan-*
ger~of: being shot than I.' ,^. t \
matter, and V
that •- it " ¦was *
not Gen e r a 1
Diaz at all. You / \\ UV^Lw^
will .thus escape " V^sd^
c e n 3 «re; or -' even ¦ . Yv^s2b«
worse, from your Govern- ¦ *
ment. >. _¦.. • -.. ¦ .., \Xvi\
" "Early w^the - next ¦ morning
we- steamed Into Vera Cruz.
The health officer was, of course,
the first person to come on board."
As he came up. the steps I drew Zamora
aside and: whispered, 'General Diaz Is on
board. Take the health officer's boat and
carry the news to General Enriquez and
tell him 5 to send some one Immediately.*
Zamora up '¦ to this time supposed that
Diaz had drowned at Tamplco, but he did
not stop to ask needless questions or ex
press his Joy, he Just obeyed. General En
riquez was on the wharf when he landed,
and in a few minutes a lighterman came
alongside the Havana, with a note from
him.; telling. me -.to send the box of arms
with the bearer. ' I ; showed this note to
Diaz . and, we decided upon the following:
plan. He was to disguise himself In a suit
of the house boatman's clothes which I
secured, follow me down into the steerage,
help the stevedores roll a bale of cotton
on the . lighter which General. Enriquez
had sent and Jump out wlth.it into the
lighter. I would watch and when that
had been accomplished cast off the line
and let the tide carry the lighter beyond
reach. It would then be an easy matter
for them to land.'/;
"While we, were talking a 'rap came at
the door.. -Diaz leaped into the closet, and
I opened the door to find the colonel there.;
He said he 'was ; willing to abide by"; the
agreement of the night before, but that he
had been authorized j to offer me $50,000 in
cash if I would show .him by a sign where
General Diaz ;was 'concealed. * I told : him
that r he kr^ew i the ;• general had • Jumped
overboard • at ¦'. Tampico, but added that • I
would L not; tell him even ; if ; I did know.
can college and ?aw girls seated among
the boys in the classroom.
" 'John.' 1 said to my neighbor, "what
are the girls here for. to make the room
look pretty?*
"It seemed incredible that any one could
think' a girl capable' of learning 1 along
with her brother. It is. considered a dis
grace likewise for a man to walk publicly
with a woman', even though she be his
sister. She may entertain men callers,
and of course, her face la never covered,
like a Turkish woman's, . but her mother
or some older female relative is always
present. They attend the same enter
tainments and church, but may not sit to
gether. The woman's seats in church
are partitioned off and are in the rear.
¦ "while among many old Armenian fam
ilies parents contract for the marriage of
their children while they are. in their in-'
fancy, in the majority of cases the young
people are permitted to make their own
" selections, though always with the .con
sent of theirt parents. Elopements, theje
. fore,' are unknown. The marriage tie Is
eacred in Armenia, and death only can
break it- If a person has an uncongenial
; companion he must endure it with tha
same kind of patience he would endure a
.sore head, which, though he may try to
i cure, \ he will hardly cut off.
; *?With Turkish women their only end la
1 this world Is marriage. Accordingly .girls
are from their infancy rocked to sleep by
their mothers with lullabies of future
"'That night , when I rretlredJ I. took Diaz *
from the closet and made him, lie on the ;
bed and: rest;. ' At o'clock -he /.Insisted Vi
upon * returning to ; his ". hiding " place.' , '- : I
undressed and ; ; went,.;- to t » bed. i " Scarcely* >
two ' hours • had elapsed ? when • the ¦ whole s
ehip was roused . by : the report '-. that the r>
' ¦"For,^divers and ; sundry' reasons I.khew
that a ', lady, passenger,! a "Mexicana,"' knew;
that Diaz was hidden in I my . room.ni told I
¦ him i my I suspicion ; ? and ' he' agreedithat we •
: must '^flnd - out f- how Imuch "she'f knew 'and *
'where she ? stood. '. ; -~ I. went -to 1 her stateroom"
. and ; found | her. lying, in her t ,berth smoking •
a cigarette, (I entered, closed the door.and
locked ltr-but she gave no ) sign. -Then] I
; ¦;-* "He . turnea < paie.> vvnat snau i, oo:
\ VWhy.*; I said,\ report i that ¦¦ Diaz never was
' on , the • ship ; } .'that ' the; rumor arose" from
| the h fact ! that: the^ Mexican , who; jumped
* overboard : at Tamplco ; bore a striking ' re
| semblance "¦ -,to :> Diaz J and *j the ; ? soldiers
( thought ,iti waa" $ he. v . Forbid . the. under
- officers ; and : privates : from talking farther
, w hen this came to tne = ears of Lerdo - he
said that surely there had: been a mistake.
' An American would ¦ do ' anything ; for J50.
000; he would sell his own father, for^ that
sum. ¦;¦:-'.¦¦; -. ;.¦.';.,. '-'¦:_. ¦ .". - .'"¦.-.. -.' ¦ ._',
\'¦'-: ."At. last the lighter wai ;ln.l the .;. right
» place. I .went ; to my room and took • the
¦ future - President . from ¦ the wardrobe for
husbands, nanasome. courageous ana
wealthy. The regular age for marriage is
from 12 to 15 years." but unusual wealth or
physical attraction call for earlier con
tracts. Generally speaking, parents are
pleased If they. get a chance of betrothing
their daughter at 5 or 6, or at any rat*
before they reach 12 years, r^^.
was fiuddenay longvror Diaz ; t6'Tun from
his room, which was away aft, tp, mine,
which was adjoining the "< pilothouse t for- 7
ward. Diaz was strong enough by, , this
t!me to be up and~TvasjdreS?ed;ln;a'suIt
of my'clothes. which I had carried, to 'him:
during the previous day piecemeal. Short-;
ly after midnight, having first ascertained
that all the officers were either 'muy ocu
pado\ or asleep, . I { thrust my:! hand ' into'
Diaz's door and drewj himTputftWhile the;
sentry was running to shelter, and we suc
ceeded in reaching my, room unseen. :
"I locked him in the closet and went .to
find the American doctor/ • He .was In the
smoking-room watching -the officers j play
ing monte.; I signaled "him 1 to follow me
outside and told him i that', Diaz .was hid-2
den In a safe; place.- for him lo.throw a.
life preserver overboard^ and '. lie' in / bed \
¦ the next: morning ;: till >' some "one^should;
discover Hhe absence of .the general and ?
find his clothes in a^heap^on, the floor and.
that a life \ preserver- was missing.' >",. The
."doctor never asked 'where Diaz was,hid-'
den/ but obeyed to the letter. : .•,;/
A WIFE'S YEAR OP
SILENCE.
¦ . •¦¦ ;
• "The conduct .demanded of a newly mar
ried Armenian woman will strike Ameri
cans as very singular Indeed," said An
tranlg Azhderlan. a young Armenian
whose book. "The Turk and.- the Land oC
Hale." has recently been published. "S*i-> -
titters never a word except when alone
with her husband, until after tne birth of
htr first child. Then she Is allowed to
talk to her child. A little Later she is per
mitted to converse with her mother-in
law: still later her own mother may again
hear her voice, . and before a great while
she will speak In whispers to the young
rirls «of her household. She must not
leave the house during the first -year of
her married life, except to attend church.
Her discipline as a bride terminates after
six years, but she will never again open
her lips to a man unless he be her kins
man. Young: girls are allowed to hava a
liberty of conduct that la In striking con
trast. They chatter freely and cheerfully
with whom they please.
"The. Armenian woman differs radically
from her Turkish sisters. Neither seclu
ilon. nor polygamy, nor divorce darkens "
3er present or threatens her future. Sh»
Is not educated with her brothers, how
ever, as American girls. I remember how;
puzzled I was when I entered an Amerl-
Che last time.' After rehearsing th» part
he was to play, he asked for a piece of
paper and began to write. .When I asked
him what he was doing he said. 'I can do
as much for you as that colonel.':- I took
the paper and tore It Into bits- and told
him that the colonel was only .doing his
duty, but that he, Diaz, had no right to
insult me; that. I would not risk my Ufa
for money. " His eyes, filled with tears and,
throwing his arms about my neck ho said
that we were brothers. *
"We were now ready.. I opened the door
and began abusing- him in Spanish. H«
followed, using the slouching gait of tn«*
boatman. When we reached the foot o£l
the stairs the lighterman asked* "Where. t
Is the box of arms?* I pointed to the gen
eral. The man sprang, forward, raised th»
general's hat and recognized him by th« I
tuft of white hair on his forehead. The. "
lighterman was overwhelmed with fear
and begged -me to hide his friend In tha
machinery and premised to come for him.
at nlsht. I knew that* within three hours
a cordon of .soldiers would guard the boat
and that no one could leave unnoticed and
Insisted upon his following out the erigi
.nal plan. Diaz was the embodiment or
nerve and carried out the stratagem ex
actly as planned.- ¦
"Meanwhile the soldiers were being dis
embarked and in spite of the., colonel's
command the rumor that General Dla.3
was on board spread. The chief" of pollca
and all the officers of the port searched
the ship thoroughly. I turned over all IBs
general's effects to them except a gold
chain which he wished me to give his wife
as a proof that what I should tell her was
true. By the by, this chain I wear Is that
very chain. Mrs. Diaz gave it to me as a
token of her gratitude because It .was the
most, cherished heirloom in- the" family."
Diaz got ashoret safely, mads his way
to' Oaxaca en foot, organized an army and
defeated the forces cf Lerdo atTecoac H»
wrote Mr. Coney a letter from this battle
field and invited "him to come to Mexico..
Mr. Coney accepted .and the reception h»
received was worthy -a king.
The friendship between these two bro
ther Masons has never been broken. .
¦ . v . :¦ y •'¦.¦*¦•¦¦; >-T :¦ ¦¦•¦: > ' • : . ¦• • • :
-•*& r? It, A. ;!£.. CO3TEY; the -Consul General
pWiv :Qt Mexico at ihe ; port of San Fran- '
7/ -^ Is ran' Atderican. knd thereby
; . • rfcarigs a. talej./ Perhaps] not more
thfla a. /icicg. popple kr.ow.«h-at this: quiet.
ftr; fr i jw i i Ulilg: j-iriifli jOnte. hejd the fute o/ "
Ib^riktiba he.ridW represents In. Ms hand.
ej>a.tthr.;had;it.n:ot b>e'n for his couraga'
a^d.incbii'i^.of chiricter the history- ol
'.cyf '/sister rT^MiV-lic wbiild re4d entirely
4'{i!tteri;l..v?'qr: Diai is . MexK-p;' : and. It
¦xtiCB-Jflii. -.iZorypy jwho iires^rved'the l'fe.
of:tb'«; patript •J'reislQent ;aa(J' restored'
Sj'.ia ;la- V.:s.'rni>ntp-.ajjd ! h!s friends,
-tfce!Lifeerils; nta : tiipe when the act-*
;uJii; tjoVernlicnt was Tin the hands of
'ihtf'yvsiirpJtr'l^crtio,. and I)laz wais an'
:.-cJ£jle ; w:th' a- bounty' of lila
.;}**% ;i ;.-¦,:.• : -.. ; •;•; ••¦ • ; ' ¦ : •
:Jit;tV&t. time. Mr... Coney, was; purser
:cf •'tjre 'Anjicrjcsn ¦' steamship <Tity of
:lia.J7iixa,-:.\v"6i<4j ¦ vrfaytilyiatl from
. Nctt "Slork .to'New Orleans and Jlexi
;can : ports,-' As «he was leaving New
'. Orleans- Ony'eyenin;fl-n June, -1S75, a
'¦large. :jjecuUar-3po.king man. plainly
i e? ; Aztjee-. Unease.' c'anje' on b.oarfl. ac
.Vcornpahled by a dapper, little Ameri
can .dp«or / ..-.Tfc : fc- Mexican, whose nam«
«.ppear.edon-.the register .Dr. oe la Boza,
icinsedSateiy .retfred; to his stateroom."
' rnhZL; ihb.ugTi.' fcis >ompariion mingled
.freely- with- the . other passengers and
took fels.rneals if: t£e saloon, he did not
• : feppear ca : deck a^aln .till Tamplco waa
: reiched. aqd then ta a. most shocklngr and
" ¦E^exjjectpd' : manner." The Havana had been
."enr&j-*»a to; transport a regiment of soldiers
frcni -Tanipico-. to.Vera Cruz, but when the
¦'•: Vessel.- arrived at the former port a terrific
"neither" tvas blowing ana only a few of tha
cOctrS and men were able to get aboard. It
-..'[was t^eref^re. r.ccessar>' for the boat to watt
:'t6l tbe str>nn abate4 in order to secure the rest
•' d .(heUroops. While the steward was busy as
.eSrsifafe a-ar'^'s to the new passengers the unknowj
' etrare-er -rufb^d out of his room with nothing on.
divi-d overboard and set out to swim to some brigs
which •were anchored about five, miles away. But
he fcaV been s^en and instantly the ship was star
tled hy the cry, "Man overboard!" A small boat
•was rnanr^d snd lowered, bu t owing to the high
fca -which was running at the time and the man's
exceptional ability as a swimmer It was some time
bffcre the rescue party succeeded in picking
him up. '
"We wfcQ watched this thrilling scene from the
decks 'of i^e ohl liavana were actually paralyzed
Trith vrordcr and astonishment/' said Mr. Coney
la reclnlscftkiaj: on Ibat famous voyage. "Tho
heroic during of tbe~rnan was sublime, for be
rirtf s th'* terror, of the storm the harbor was
"What Oire and awful necessity must It be to
texnpt a teas to risk his life in that perilous
cca?" , -v '
MAGAZINE
SUNDAY CALL
SECTION
MAGAZINE
SUNDAY CALL
SECTION
—^slfrfmNs^l^' General Diaz had
'^~^\'^<^Ji<(^\i^ Jumped over b bard
¦') l W^W^ w!th a IIfe Preserver.
•"^ .^sg^yl^-, -The .officers', came "at "once
to my, room ar.d wanted to
¦ .*; i«peak to me. . I ¦ told the ; cabin
; ' ' ¦•' coy, who was their spokesman, to:
.•,-puti| lrs -hand - through -the window*, unlock; the
doOr/and let the officers. in, I pretended to be
surprised at tho 'storjy and eald I didn't
j£rthJnk, the: man -had : done anything so rash;
¦\ that I believed he must be^hidinjev somowhere ¦
* n the -ship.; and "if they :vrould wait while I.
-; ressed : I would help them starch the ship
horoughly. . They watted and I , made my
L ,'¦ word good." ,There was not a nook or cran-
. ; ". ny-,- in^the ; : hold which I :¦ did not rnake
•jb ¦. -thospToinrrrp look into. When .we had
0 : finished they .were -completely \ worn out:
r- -j and satlf-ficd that I had nothing to do with
"• ¦ the escape of-the. 'crazy doctor.'^ ' ; . ¦
- : "Iftoolj three* days to reach Vera Cruz
'arid v the greatest difllculty 'during that
time was to get erteugh food for the pris
a from^* 3r l er J' n , tne^ w^ r^ robe - - I^had. never, been
mine. - : ' In* the habit of -having meals served in my
se for- room, and cofTsecjuently did not dare to do
y ¦¦¦ this \' s ? now. ; All \ Diaz got to eat these three
a suit was what' I could slip Into my pock
to 'him :"'et unnoticed at table. But starvation was
Short-;- .'not the only or 'danger '"to", be; cn
•tained. dured; -. The. soldiers v would .run ". their Ibay
ly ocu- onets ! ; through \the. lattice blinds of i the
A \ Into' closet | to* see If- they.'could i steal; some of
lie the -~ myi.""clothes,< and ; Diaz 3 was . in } imminent
fe sue- danger of losing an eye by the process, 1 the
. SRace;being; too small to^ permit dodging
rent .to freely. But^ he j never complained or J ex
ln the pressed -the; least ', fear ; or ; Impatience. ; : It
» ¦ play- K was usually.- 11 o'clock ¦ at ; night*: before it
ow' me .was safe for, him to come out of the closet,
is hid-j^. ajid * he-was 1 thus compelled t o : stay; in ¦¦ a
irqwa, cramptd position* for at leost- fifteen-hours
in ; bed £ without v rest. < I kept guard ;while ¦ he slept
should > till /daybreak.V then ! undressed and i went
al and bed ' for.: a n » hour '- before • the ship • was
?^^ d iastir. ¦ .
the boat came alongside one of the eoldlers
leaning ovt the rail cried out, "Mother of
God. that is General Diaz !"
Airor.f; the.rasscngcrs was a Mexican lady
¦who Ti;s a Diaz eympatlilier. She also recog
nrzr-d the unfortunate refugee, and with preat
proesce of^ratwJ p-^t a sheet and ran "down"*,.'
the £ar.sr»'sy and threw it over his head and
body as they brought him up and thus pre
vea'.od the solciers from making - assurance
doubly 5ure - ¦•Ji-'-Aii
Continuing. 3!r. Coney raid: "As soon as
the escftcaebt had somewhat subsided Mr.
Manual GvtitTttX Z.iraora. the Mexican mail
figent. came to me and said that the unhap
py rr.sti who had jupt made such a desper
ate effort to leave the ship was General Por- I
f:r:o Pinz. and that unlers I would consent j
I ; ;.¦;¦] him Ire would purely be captured by j
the tronps. turned over to Lerdo and shot. I
Sly Fvirrpat'iirs for* the brave man wera I
aroused, and I said I would do anything |;
in the ranpe of possibility. Zamora then fi
If6 rr.i to. the eeaefAl'j rocrn. Introduced U
blaS antf retired. When we were alone m
Diaz raisrd 'hiTn?e!f .up in his berth and H
pave the hailing fii^n of distress, show- B
iv.G that he vrs? a hrnther Mason who |<
r«--<"-*JM : help and asked' assistance. He H
eaUJ that a'.thoyph he had suffered defea* H
et Jcfimo'.e. the best jwiple of ilexjeo Bi
•were- tis frl'ea&m ar«J that if he could B|
reac& bis fde»d« he would be all right. H i
• ' Ifioocrse.' h* 1 a<*.d<"d. 'if you help me || j
er.d I amcppreher.d'^d you v.lll be con- W *
FS«Jer»d a party to a crime and doubtless Bs
Fh't.:..'Ar? you wlllJnc to take the B B
"We thrn, l»^pan to .•devise a plar >^M®
cf r-f ' • ¦ ¦ ¦¦-¦"¦ American can-of ///a£^
T:,r %r2s sipprcnrhirvR nr.d 1 pro- /~-- B :
pesrd to •¦¦-'* her unptaJn to tak".. • (*r^ CM let.
him o.a : b<>ar<1. • Hut-'DSaz. whe M^-i 13 f^k
kriew eom^Wbat more of Inter- *^*^v'fi £'?¦
rational Ihw and the position / /^T>^B
he ocryr''*d. with reference to . /''w^CS 1 '
hl.s own .CoVernment. had -no (ii/V^ s^ s 3i^5
b*,p<»s of. h.lp from.-- that ¦Wlvl??'
Bouroe.. iro'-ever. -.with the i! v\\\ I P^
rasbnrss cf?j*itb^«tlll\upon \t^NVvH wt,
ir.e. } insisted upon tjyinp. Ir» fc^^^H'5^
t Uttie timie.tn* rruipor' cat./*. . *«>£
aboard the, Havana for dispatches.
I laid HM^yop^ryi*g; case -before hini
and be put r>fT lot his vessel at once
tearfafr h'.P. pt^ward J>^hin(Jos a pre
tr-;:t for ?«y!dir«T a boat back .bring
ing thp ff-UowSng rfi>ort: . 'Flrst-i
Has the rr.an In TJf'rlln^ comm!tte(?
nry <r'rr.e? S?rnn<3— Is h* *n Amer
lean «~;r{z«"r!i TMrd- If ithe captain
of the .Havana will enter >wo cor-
T'^pcndcure on Ihelssubjcct I will
takp Jt uri^r consideration.'- As
Genera) D!a? was not rh Ameri
can dfizt^i. iras pijilty -of a po-
Hfir-a! crirrw. -and a« th«» captain
positively' c^f'isfd to have any
thin? to do'- with tbe matter.
the idt-a of Intervention by ,
tii<-> Anu-rfcsin man-of-war A
was Rl" an "«»n<il %Vhcn I
told I>ir.r. he smiled and raitf JBTrdBs
that ho :;t :¦ .. ! wns" not du 1 -
f. , ':¦*> Meanrwhijfi I :ri<>a \lf£&
to think of a h"tT-cr p!ari. Th» *^^
colonel . of .-the was '- f
KinoRg thp t^ncers v.Jio h»r! guc
co^3f<j in Kfttin^ aboard thav
eveninjt. U*.- asked rf.«? to act as his In-
terpreter irj" an Interview with the
captain of th<? ship.-- Of course, I con
eem*u jtrvi together we went to the cap
tain's wMn The colonel stated that the
passenger who had'iust tried to escape
by drowning was General J»orfliio Diaz,
the revolutionary leader, and not Dr. de la
Bcza. and <ier.:anded tne captain to de
liver hizn up to justice. The captain re
plied tbat h? could no* do so because the
chip wa« flying *%e American flag and
hence the pagf'engf-rs enjoyed all the-priv
ileges of Being upon American soil; but
that the man v.as booked for Tuxpan, and
that he would forbid the purser Issuing
a ticket to any.furtber point, and the col
onel could arrest th» man as he went
ashore. • Tbe colonel then asked to be al
lowed to sta.;5cn'i;v'ntri*s at' the general's
door. The captain consented, but I pur
pose!}- raade a mistake la translating and
told him that he could not place sentries
at the door, but that he could station an
officrr in the stern 4>f the boat, where he
cocld command a view of the room occu
pied by the general. This seemed satis
jfactory to the colonel an£ he withdrew.
I "The captain gave me strict orders not
to cllow any one to, Interfere, -With the
xsan in question. I told Dai the result
of this interview and he eaid. ,!WeH, what
*re you seine to oo bow?. I replied that
¦fornia has been, and I know the, State 13
going 'to.'rece'ive a great benefit'.in^ return,
because .things are presented , in a busi
.nesslike'way. •.
I was pleased to note that the railroad
cdmjiany.'has an : exhibit also' open to ; the
public, and all of this under the superin
tendenc« of Mr. Mills. 1 The railroad com
, panics .make ; a very good showing; but it
seems 'queer that they should /exhibit ; in
dependentlyiof the State. However, the
more we. show what California can do, the
better for California. ,
One of "the most interesting things In
Paris tobehold is the great market. The
wholesiale and : retail departments of the
market, are tnaintained- together In one
pperint quarter of the city. Thore are
four enormous buildings, each one about
t the size of the Mechanics'. Pavilion .in our
city. '.; One; is- for i meat,",. the others * for
poultry, fish, 'fruit .and. = vegetables. 'The
markets :and , the products presented) are
certainly, done up in a style that. is en
tirely" French. they ;have is
good; but the ; singular thing; about mar
keting here Is that when you make a pur
chase andoffer,to take. your_ package. you
are told. "Oh. no, this man takes it." And
you : look at the ¦ fellow . with a " blouse ; on
and naturally , say; '.'Well, ¦ I - don't know
thlslman." -.•••; But he. takes the- , package
from you and carries it" to the door: then
you f hand, him ;a poUrboire>and he gives
youtyour package. We attended an early
morning auction of- fruit. ; A- six-pound
box of craDes brousht $8 in our ¦ money.
Peaches," the first ' of ; the" season, brought
$1 and $1 25 each. At the restaurants here
they .serve yc with five, strawberries in a
little pot thai costs you. one franc. ,
, Speaking about francs. \LJcnow the com
mon ; notion at" home is that. a franc Is
nearly 20 cents; but you know francs are
gone; in a short, time, for 'everything :1s
very much higher here in, Paris than it is
In America. The only things that you can
buy. ¦; cheaper ¦ In Paris;; than you can* at
home -are gloves, - fine lingerie, : ladles',
gowns and little artistic knick-knacks. But
when it comes. to a question of food, you
can get . three times as much for your,
money, in San Francisco, and it* will aver
age .'• muci> better In I' every sense - of : Ihe
term than what- you can get here. No
American will ¦- wear ' French -clothes, for
when he returned home he would look like
aguy,:and I*ean say wltlr some feeling
of » pride that the gowns which : the ladies
of. my party brought, with them from:San
Francisco for »- style and beauty ¦ are "o
way surpassed here. When I think of the
advantages in cost, of living, character of
living," style, ease and comfort that ' we
enjoy ; at home, I think all we have got
to Qo to be made to appreciate them Is -to
make one or two Of these trips.. The poor
deiuaed creature who thinks he is coming
to : Paris to "f see ', the exhibition In two
weeks' time, and all else, that is to be seen
in* Paris.- will find.hlmeelf very much'mis
taken.; The points and objects of interest
to; be seen in and about Paris require as
much ' time : or more . than ¦ the exhl hi tloa
will require. I know we are on the r»
morning, noon and night, hurrying all the
time, and we have not commenced to
know t the ground, leaving the exhibition,
entirely outside. When you go to Paris.
oT course ypu want; to see all. the monu
ments, the Arc de Triomphe, the Tuileries,
the great Louvre, where all the pictures,
and art that Napoleon-took by force from
his neighbors are placed. The great paint
ings in what is known as, the old^Louvr*
are the works of masters who have lonff
since passed away, and the modern paint
ings are ; contained in the Luxembourg
gallery, t and to do these galleries prop
e rly . ' u take at least two. weeks'
time. Then there is the National, Hotel
Cluny. the catacombs, the sewers, the
cathedrals, the Latin quarter, the mar-r
kets, the races, the drives, the visit to St. ,
Cloud. -Versailles, . Fontalnebleau. besides,
the theaters, cafes," boulevards and a num
ber* of. Other objects of interest; and. of'
course, one wants the pleasure of driving
with the\ Paris cabmen. . ? Fancy • driving
down ¦ the Bols. de Boulogne and the
Champa ?Elyse»>R. on a Sunday . afternoon,
passing and repasslng * of over 60,000 cabs,
carriages and automobiles." \
There is no class of men In the world
who can drive so close to each other and
keep from accidents as the cochers of-
Paris, but when^hey get In each other's
way and just touch., each other up with
Continued on Pas* Fiv*.
in the front room, which is a very beau
tiful one and overlooks the main thor
oughfares, axe pictures by California's
best artists. It is a pleasure to see hang-
Irfg round the walls pictures by Keith,
Grace Hudson. Tom Hill, Jorgersen, Alice
Chlttenden. Yelland-Best and many oth
ers. In the room adjoining.' the reading
room, are files of all our San Francisco
dallies, which are eagerly sought for
by the many Californians who constantly,
visit the headquarters end who justly are
very proud of the same. In this room is'
a large table, about twenty-seven feetMn
circumference, made of California* wood,
very highly polished and beautifully set
up. An estimation of Its size may be
gathered from the fact that it took eleven
men to carry It up Into the room. Then,
in another room. are exhibited our prod
ucts, such as canned goods, dried' fruit,
raisins, preserves of all kinds, making a
very handsome exhibit, and also. of flour
and cereals generally:. In the room be
yond that is a complete exhibition of Cali
fornia's best wines.. This: room is under
the charge of Andrew Dennis. -a colored
boy from California, who delierhts In mak
ing every one know that California is the
greatest State. In the Union: It is a pleas
ure to be present and hear the stranger
go into ecstacies over our products. * The
wine Is. given away as samples, which has
won for It many friends. This is the
practical way of reaching the public, and
the Californians deserve very great credit
for bavin* muaaattad. tiu» f"=tPTI tuid. r*'°n.
they are operating under. They have an
array of maps that they give away, with
out cost, showing the -climatic condition
of the State, the* fruit, mineral," agri
cultural and oil-bearlns districts,' so that
a stranger can. at' once, by ¦• looking ¦ over
the topography ofthe State, see the posi
tions of advantage with ; respect 'to the
different industries mentioned. .-. A. set of
these maps'has' been* sent to-. every for
eign Board of Trade on, this 'side, and: tho
native French business man who has been
taken up to the headquarters and made to
observt* the progress achieved. by Califor
nia In the short space of time of ;her..ex
istence simply. stares and marvels. .A reg
ister for the'-' residents'. of California is
maintained at the headquarters* .as "well
«s a separate register for .- visitors -'not
Callfornian. I find on looking over the list
of Callfornians thaUvery nearly .100 have
been received and entertained at the head
quarters, and everybody has cone; away
pleased,' leaving \ behind : many.-com
pliments and pood wishes tar "the" future.'
Mr-Gaskill-and his: assistants are i very
useful to. our I visitors from' the 'coast,* for
the reason that they, are 'willing to go
out of their' way considerably.' In con
clusion 1 I think that the; Commissioners
have done ¦ a great work ¦ up to the pres
ent moment; and Iknow from the con
versations had with my fellow-travelers
that the headquarters for California here
is like an oasis in •¦ the desert, and I do
not know Of any other State that has
b«en * bo een erous to its . people - as - Call-
By Henry I. Kowalsky.
Hotel Regina. Place <Je Rivoli,
Paris. May 1. 1900.
r) persons trho have plenty of money
to fprnd- advice is unnecessary," an<3
possibly it is a pood thins that they
fhouid be unadvised, so that they
ran distribute their money for an amount
of experience as a sufficient return there
for; but the great majority of persons
xvho have been denying themselves com
forts and pleasures at home in order to
frave a sufficient amount of money to
make the excursion to see the Paris Expo
; • sltlon. and while starting away -with figur
. ing the general expenses only, railroad
• (and steamship farrs and some other Im
portant matters, as rates at hotels and
: other economic conditions that they ex
pect to meet, are the ones to whom I ad
.•-.¦. dress this communication, and feel that
.: es ".fclood is thicker than water" It is my
• duty as a fellow-Californian to warn our
people of what they may expect. . .
" In the first place, hotel rates In Paris
have been doubled, trebled and quadru
. pled:. They give you a price twice as much
• /O,s t.he price before up to the 1st of May;
. ¦ then. they add another half from then to
•'.¦the' lsi.'at June, and then double yoij_
¦ again for July and August, and every-'
thins Vise in .proportion has been raised.
' ' You rjeed not «iar a- badge to Inform the
' 'Parisian where you cume.from. Just talk
• ¦•Knplish.' and vou are labeled. Of course,
¦ jfvoo don't understand the language, you
are a little worse on* than the fellow that
does, because they furnish you with an in
¦tetpreter, "and' between the Frenchman
-^Brho talks' a ljtt!e English and the French
an&n who talk* all French you are up
¦. .against .'a. situation haider than. ever. V>e
•¦ •cquse between tl.exn they are tiering out
• Jusf what yhakedojvn you stand for. and
• then" you l:av*> t;ot ta pay the interpreter
a pou'rl>oir^. Pourboire in our country is
• '«. tip which is only paid on rare occasions
•at rrsl-^olassrotisspiiis. but everything is
on- the paurborr*- system here. You pour
• • bolre from the time you get up in the
tnorntng unfilyru go to bed &t night. The
• other day i started «iit to look up my
: ¦ friend Ysa-ye.ithe violinist, who was stop
' pins: on the other side of the city in the
artists' quarter, and 1 went to find some
one who <ould direct me. After looking
¦nhout th,e court in the r.0Hs<> and trying tc
lind the. concierge I v.as suddenly attract
«>d by a voice crying out. "Pourboire.
This "was rep. -ited.ar.y number of times,
end I said. "VWll. 1 am perfectly willing
to pive you jv'urboire if you will only
pive me the Information. Where are you.'
Then my daughter, who was with me
lf>oked up and -s-aid. "Why. it is the par
rot in the cage here who is talking. And
that settled it for me-rWht-n even the bird
wanted pourboire.
It is imcecessaiy to rest any one regard
ing the traveling in Amcilca. It is the
V»r>Ft and cheaj^st in the world, nuropeam
do not dream of the luxury and eom.ori
that attend travel hi America. anJ- Ameri
cans have no conception of the vicious
FvstPTO that exists in Europe; but when
vou leave the shores of America be care
ful. Don't let th*» rush cause you to pay
Vie price* for ycuc steamship passage. II
vou are determined to ride on or.e of the
large modern, fast steamers and you
have "onlv a. limited amount pf money tu
¦ make your trip with, my advice to you Is
to buv fl second-class tuket. which gi\es
vou the forward deck privflfS**: ™<i- take
it all !n all. the food and pcneral accom
modation throughout the ent-re second
class *vstom are as poo<l as the cheaper
firVclass accorrmodaiion and the cost it
onTv on^-half. Then remember, you have
to nav the steward who takes care of your
room" and th. steward
Et the taKe. .ind all -the other little Ir.ci
dental- so that vou.oupht to figure out a
rSble sum for your journey across
% °vo e u n come straight to Paris the only
hotels Americans seem to know are
the Grand and the Oontlnentol, bu
there are .hmiCre.ls of "O te^.« £"'
risht alonpsioV • of the other. but
the prices are very much the same
at the. present time, some a mua
more so than others: and »t • »
may be susgosted that If the
avf'rape American expects to
«*»<» anything at th* Ex»>osi
tiots wbrtb looking at within
the next fifty or sixty days he
• Trill have mafle his journey for
nothjnp. I have been.in Paris
two w«?<ks."and can Fay with- ,
- out fear of contradiction that
•Itaere is .nothing except the
¦ exterior of the- buildinps .
worth looking at. The in
¦ terioT is.- turmoil.. due to the . .
a.nxiety :'to place the exhibits
and ' start 'the machinery, and
. . Jt .is safe to say that' if they.
' -work nipht and: day with
1 double force onlv in sixty
• day? from to-day will a- rea- . .
. eonable ¦ showing be .made. ¦
¦ : .Th^re .4s. no' doubt lhat. when
Completed it will be' worth
| seeing. 1 &m - satlsiied that
¦ by !i c,o,mpar.ison -with- the
• AVorld's; Fair in Chicapo it
iwlll--pot--be A.ble' to' reach the
hiph.' standard of 'greatness
that the AVnerican- fair did. HoTC"Ver.
!lhls exposition is not to be belittled. It
covers a' large Fpace. the buildings are
¦ : - firfisiic and have been so arranpe-d on the
: Seine and alonp the-Champs' Elysees as to
make the proupinjr verj' picturesque,
:• and especially as you look toward • the
.Hotel des Invaildes and the tomb of Na
; ' the picture is very striking.
The American building is handsome and
. «?very American will feel a pride and
.".pleasure consequent upon the magnificent
American display. The space allotted to
California has been very generous, and
. one ihirip let me say here, that Callfor
•nians are especially fortunate in having
headquarters in "the center of the city, 8
' Pla-ce de l'Opera, where are our Commis
sioners. -Messrs. Runyon, Foote and Tru
man, and which is looked after and cared
' for with the assistance of our old friend
: . from California. " genial Varney Gaskill.
' The. position of Commissioner is no sine
' "cure; these gentlemen are on the jump
from morning till night— and it will cost
. *>ach of them three times the salary the
"State allows them. Our friend Foote was
. lucky to be able to rent what you would
term a flat in California for the modest
rum of S2jO a month: the use of a carriage
iind driver is only $300 a month, but these
pentlemen are going to do the social part
ut> to the handle: and as to the business
j=ide of the California Commission, no
praise can overstate their efforts. Callfor
r.'.ans are again especially favored by rea
'Eon of the fact that thpy can go up to the
. Callfornian headquarters and draw a long
breath and shake off the homesickness
and feel that they are among friends. The
» Commissioners have wisely selected sev
. *Tal large, commodious rooms In one of
the most prominent places in Paris, and
the first sight that greets your eye as vou
• go up the main avenues that lead to the
Grand Opera House, in fact, the most
prominent corner in Paris, the sign
In gold letters. "State of California."
The way you arrive there Is by go
ing through what seems to be a great
blp barn door, which leads you into
a driveway and then you are in a court..
All buildings in Paris are built In this
fashion. You come in contact with the
"concierge" and you arc placed !n an ele
vator, the door Is closed on you. the man
presses a button on the outside and you
po up all by vourself till the elevator
stops at the floor at which you are to
alight. The pictures in the hallway in
dicate at once that the Callfornian head
quarters Is at hand. One in usually
greeted by yminp Mr. Dargie. the son of
the editor of the Oakland Tribune, and
Robert Ross, son of United States District
" Judge Kreklne M. Ross of Ix)s Angeles.
In th»» secretary's office the first thing to
be seen is a set of office furnlturn. made
In California: two beautiful desks wJth
chairs to match, one redwood and the
other laurel, showing the class and char
acter of woods and workmanship possible
in our State, and I must say that they are
verv much admired and do us great
if 'CUR ST*TE 52CTOTTTON AND
;;v : PO!NTS CONCERNING THE
&GREAT TNTERNATT.PNAW. FATR
-;¦.*.¦ THAT WILL... PROVE. OF "'¦;'
'*['.' THE MOST INTEREST .-^'
AND VALUE TO CALl FORNi ANS.
The Paris Exposition as See by a San Franciscan
THE SigSTDAY CALL.
2THE SUNDAY CALL.
3cult, to, take seriously some, of the cheap
absurdities which go far toward spoiling
the better part of the book. The first half
of the romance is by far the better. It
contains; an account of the adventures of
a Roman Catholic" Bishop among the
adepts who live in* a. monastery hidden
among the heights of the Himalayas In
Thibet. To one unacquainted with the
philosophy of the East the supernatural-
Ism described Is quite thrilling at times.
Unfortunately the reader is led from the
Interesting land where impossibilities
seem the natural order of things, and Is
introduced to more commonplace people
of prosaic Europe and America, whose
connection with the occult Is more amus
ing, than otherwise. Though the book is
scarcely a convincing argnment for the
religion of thesHindus, it ha3 suggestive*
thoughts to off er to. .those weary of the
materialism of the Western world.. (Pub
lished by R. F. Fenno & Co., New Tork
Price $1 25.)
"Ai)dy Dodge "
Mr.' Mark Pierce Pendleton. who is not
unknown in : the • Journalistic world, has
written a distinctly American novel in
"Andy Dodge, the History of a Scape
grace." It Is alive with energy and por
trays with great fidelity the pranks, strug
gles and successes of a wholesome fellow.
v Andy's scrapes at school are those of
many a spirited ; boy who "¦¦ hag kept his
preceptors on the qui vive. And his strug
gles after, he leaves school are so vividly
drawn that many a journalist will feel
that he and Andy Dodge have gone hand
In hand along that same road to success.
One; polntithat will appeal to' the repor
torlal world: is the? remuneration that
Andy receives. For his first year's work
fore, that the present prosperity wave Is
only well under way."s (','Our. New Pros
perity," Ray Stannard Baker: Doubleday
& McClurc Co., New York. Price J125.)
"Home Nursing."
, A>. book: that will prove Invaluable In a
household is ;'Home Nursing," byEveleen
Harrison. It Is written by a trained nurso
and gives the 'latest scientific methods of
care of the, sick. The manual is intended
primarily for, those : who are; compelled to
do-without thetservlces of a professional
nurse In case. of illness. The directions it
contains are plain, concise and well ar
ranged under; clnar headlines, so that all
points. of Information are easily accessible.
An .admirable thing about the book is that,
it contains one chapter upon the symp
toms preceding: the diseases of children,
with; directions Jfor ttie of the
latter, and another upon 'recipes for dishes
suitable for ; invalids suffering from a par
ticular illness. .' . . ' - -
The book Is very, different. from the old
fashioned "Home Physician,"* i: with its
long list of medicines for every complaint.
It! does; not 'aim -to. supply knowledge suf
ficient to enable a family to dispense en
tirely with the services of a. physician,
but as a help toward ministering to a suf
ferer. In case of an emergency, and as a
guide to ,-more ~ treatment of
the sick 'by the untrained friend 3 or rela
tive, It, will be found most excellent/:(Pub
lished' by ¦ the Macmillan Company, - New
York. Price Jl.) " ' •
'.'Tbe Last' Lady of Mulberry."
_ In "The LastiLady of Mulberry." a new
.writer," Henry Wilton. Thomas, has chosen
forj his book unfortunate ¦ episodes .in- the
lives of' some Italian .'emigrants ; who: lo
cate incNew York. He attempts nothing 1
wj* are now in the eye of the public,
and while not necessarily all Napoleons or
Shakespeares are st'll the most active In
scientific, professional, commercial and
political life of the present'day. . People
that we all know in a vague sort of a
way, but about whom It is hard to find ac
curate and authentic data— this volume
gives us these points In a nutshell. It. af
fords a. directory as well as'a : biographi
cal dictionary— the address of every per
son being appended to the brief;biogra
phy, and Is a plain statement of the lives
o/ these living Americans.;; The volume is
light, handy and printed In good type and
gives in the case of each person the place
and the exact date. of birth, which Is fol
lowed by a brief account of his education'
and of all the various . kinds of work In
which he has been engaged; with dates;
a statement of the positions which he has
held and the length of service ;• an account
of all his main achievements and a list of
the books, pamphlets, articles 'and, other
Important works which he has written.
Every one Is sure to find In it a lot of in
teresting facts about people of whom he
has heard. It is based upon the English
work of practically the same title. "Who's
Who" contains,, in- addition to Its bio
graphical sketches,; some very Interesting
and valuable educational, birth and resi
dence statistics; ; and .' also ; a • necrology.
(Published by A. -N. Marquis & Co., Chi
cago. Price J2 75.) • ' .'
"Our New Prosperity."
The abounding prosperity of the United
States during the, past four. years is a fa
miliar theme to the public. ; . It - has been
treated In/ a ; general way by.; newspapers
ana. magazines : while trade journals have
again and \ again published elaborate , de
tails at *Jm» . .flourishing condition • of -' the
/udged by Itself it will offer a very at
tractive picture of a Braall corner of her
some • time Majesty's domain. ("From
Kingdom. to Colony." by Mary Devereux.
Little, Brown & Co., Boston. Price Jl 50.)
"fl Lord's Courtship."
"A Lords Courtship," by Lee Meri
wether, as one may conjecture, is the
quest of a poor Englishman for an Amer
ican heireaa. The object of his atten
tions is a bright, wholesome Southern
girl who does rather outre things, but
is withal a charming creature and who is
not affected by the glamor of a title. She
prefers to marry the penniless American
to whom she has been allotted since
childhood, although in the end she learns
that Lord Apohaqui . is honestly In love
with her despite her fortune. The book
is more than readable to the many who
can shut their eyes to bad English In or
der to follow a pretty romance that la
cheerful and light and will occupy several
hours of the vacation days. ,
The character of the Chicago girl,
whose father Is a millionaire, is absurd
ly exaggerated, as Indeed are most of ths
others if they be types of American aris
tocracy.
It is interesting to note the bizarre col
lection of names: Lord Asqulth Apohaqul,
Mr. Green Gassaway, Lord Bunger, Count
Volpl. Mr. • "Wooker and a dozen others
equally unique. (Published by Laird &
Lee, Chicago. Price 11.) •¦¦:;-% '¦¦
"The Greatest Gift."
A story which is not wholly bad. but
which at- times sinks to the level of the
sensationally absurd, Is "The Greatest
Gift," by A. W. Marchmont. The leading
incident of tho book is the sacrifice a wo
man makes by engaging herself to a man
she does not love in order to please some
one she does love. The minor occurrences
come as a result of the heroine's act,
which entangles her life and the lives of
those about her into the maze of compli
cations which usually follows this -well
worn choice of the novelist to win sympa
thy for his heroine by Involving her In
the deep trouble from which his skill alona
can successfully extricate her.
For those whose taste doe3 not demand
beauties of style and consfstent develop
ment of plot, but who like plenty of action
in a story, the book may prove readable
(Published by F. M. Buckles & Co., Nevr
York. Price U 25.) . ,
Ar) Automobile Annual..
Lee's American Automobile Annual for
1900 has just been Issued from the press or
Laird & Lee of Chicago. It is the tirst
original work of the kind published In this
country on a subject that is attracting
more and more attention the world over.
The books on horseless vehicles issued on
the other side of the ocean, although val
uable in their way, do not really meet the
wants of the American reader. The mo
tors and vehicles constructed in the
United States have to be built on princi
ples that do, not obtain, to an equal de
gree, in countries where the roads, cli
mate, etc., are radically different. On
that account It is a pleasure to peruse
a work written by Americans for Ameri
cans. It is clear, simple and complete
avoiding any excess of technicalities and
still describing with full accuracy the
leading types of autoniobiles now. on the
market. The publishers have, been very
careful not to allow any particular tlrm
of builders, to be recommended at the ex
pense of the others. Every system gaso
line, steam, electricity, is exhaustively
discussed and illustrated. - the author's
opinion being given fearlessly as to tho
relative value of each. Over 100 cuts "ren
der the explanations easy to follow and
understand. The rules and regulations
adopted by leading cities in the country
for the safe handling of automobiles on
ties. He cites the reform forces In New
York and says: "They are merchants,
lawyers, doctors, professors, clergymen,
uie respectability and intelligence of the
town; and so far as self-government goes
they are the tattered children of tyranny.
Good God. what an army! At the first
trumpet they scatter. One sells out, one
recants, one disappears. They are any
where or nowhere; a ship of fools, a barn
yard." In another place he says: "You
cannot hitch your horse to anything with
out helping to drag the Juggernaut. Be
fore you know it, virtue is pocketed. Take
the most obvious case. The reformers im
agine they are in politics and must win
at all costs^ One enthusiast calls twenty
friends fnto a room and organizes a club,
and the club ties his hands and sells out
to the highest bidder. Before he knows
it he has been organized back Into Tam
many Hall." . • :
Mr. Chapman's plea Is for independent
voting, each man standing for . hi? indi
vidual convictions. He is more eloquent
than* logical and more forcible than rea
ponable, but his book Is good reading and
merits a. wide circulation among voters
as a sort of intellectual tonic before they
divide up Into parties for the coming. con
test for the Presidency. ("Practical Agi
tation," by John Jay Chapman, Charles
Scrlbner's Sons, New York. Price Jl 25.)
A Book of Essays.
: Charles B. Newcomb,- with whose'book,
V All's Right ¦• With the World," many
readers of metaphysical essays are, fa
miliar, has published another volume,
which, like his first book, deals with the
Bew mental and. spiritual philosophy. It
is a book that will be helpful to many
who arc In search of a simple philosophy
ef life, which does not forbid delight In
the beauties of the material world, for Mr.
Ncwcomb, teaching, as he does, that the
spiritual and. material are really one,
would have the Ideal of the spirit attained
by living rightly arid naturally a life filled
with all Wholesome 'pleasures. The essays
are written with much elaboration of
thought, and, too. in 6uch a trenchant
style., that to be fully appreciated they
should be read moro than once. (Discov
ery of a Lost Trail." by Charles B.'New
comb. (Published by Lee & Shepard, Bos
ton. Price Jl 50.)
A Story of Wales.
Allen Rame has written a charming tale
of the Welsh coast In^'Garthowen," a re
cent Issue of Appleton's Town and Coun
try Library. The novel's interest depends
not upon complication of plot, but upon
ibe inviting picture '.It gives of the at
tractions of a 'simple country life on the
moors by the sea. The beauty of an un
worldly life Is brought out into relief the
more clearly by glimpses of lives which
are bereft of simplicity by devotion to the
pursuit of wealth and fame; "i
The story opens In a seaport town and
"Introduces us to one of the leading char
acters,' Gethln Owen. w«.o after leading a
wandering life as a seaman since being
turned from his home for some childish
-prank. Is about to return- to seek his
•father's forgiveness. Wi.cn he meets "his
•family once more he Is welcomed with de
light. He falls Into his old place on his
father's farm with no regrets for the life
he has forsaken. Gethin's younger broth
er. Will, the father's favorite, dislikes
his. position as the son of a poor man, and
• the simple form of Methodism which his
family professes, of both' of which ' he Is
secretly ashamed, so he persuades his
father to allow him to enter a seminary
of the Church of England that he may
take holy orders and be given a. chance to
gain the place of honor for which he longs.
When Will leaves home Gethin grows to
be. a .greater comfort and help to his
father. But suddenly he disappears with
out explanation, under circumstances
¦which point to him as the author -of a
theft which has been committed In hl«
*-|p^K©SE -wT;o.. jftdrriire. .Mme. .xle- la
'; : jj ; Rhine's', Avofk vrh^nlat Its- best will
.'r.'Jl wfclcnraV her' last -novel, "The Wat
'.I ,...-/¦ ctk.qt ;federa." V It ; is a.; beautiful tale
told'-. *-tth:a!i;.-the: charm* the author knows
fi(j;%en..too.^. to empjoyj 4"d is fre^ from
:tt»^Oinj)leas.arit .features whteh maif .some
bf-.hef; books: : ;.':,. .•"¦]•.>• r - . '¦'..'. ';¦ '• « '
.; ;Ttife : s;tor£;ls. n sad oiief-as must : be all
©ceounXs' of siaijHe;' country people. -who
l^.ihougiit and prejudire misrht . bei prpd
iicts\-\ct. tneiftpyal tlrhes and who. are
.fefougltt hitp. cdhtact with the; complicated
life of. j rtodern;daj-k.;:aiid made to ffel the
IV'prst ;Ts-*ulis of a «lviUzation. eyeh with
ivhcse.'l>e?t:,a^pects -they can have no sym-
Th$ leading- figure of. the. story is
in Italian peasant; Adcne 'Alba, whose an
fcc"s.tor?;.for.;';h uh<ire.ds.-.of : years ;haye. lived
H. the; /.vailey : where is his homei ! With
only :phe: ffrimpse of -the outside; iworld,
Eaittipd. ..tj-b^ii he served his time:|in the
aftrjy;- : "AJ>>a'e. life has. been ispent-ln his
ahcVstral ; ;.'ian'd, a- fee'tf-utlfui epot through
•RiElch. nb\w>'; the" river Kdera. a love for
: rprrfls the -paission of the peasant's
life, ; !l3orrt uiwrtit^ banks, It has been the
JEotacei ahdi4«!>ight; jn;ali tho sacfH mo
rnfen'.S; of- .-his young; manhood.' He; revels
lTj : "its!' beauty and. '.' purity ; and finds : his
aprca\est.pj<rasure. bathing in Its! clear
idhp'ths. or ; 'itilling and: dreaming by its
JF-troam: "...tThe'n through . the machinations
ht inti«?rr^ted officials of the Government
It. is iiwiiiej at Rome to divert the ;stream
of : t*« Kjiera to that It! will no. longer
ftoif through the vnlley and to purchase,
as a. ; : pTded: to establish a factory, the
iarrn 3a r.fis ..adjoining he river bed,- among
iblch is Alba's : hnmie, . he feels - as. does
a.'-passio'n.a'tf man when bereft; of what he
tjcldsi dearest. ;:A11 the . tense feeling of
the tVfaaahfs southern nature, which now,
f-6j \t|ik > : ; if2rst' time;;.!? awakehed to full
ew.i> : . -hiirrles. hlnivlrito rebellion against
th<? ¦-.jrovpijbih'ent. for what he considers a
rnon?irous -theft in taking from: people
«gaiT'>t; their, will land to whi^h they
-have. a. right, iand for which they
ivHl recoive no adequate return. ¦ i
Thfti?. has been 'depleted with great
skill ihe 'injustice done in sacrijlclng the
irood of the -'-individual to the material
igpod>:of";the many.- and also th;e inade-
QuacT of ;;a '-gift '.of money as a return for
wbunde.d- .sensibilities. • .-•' ¦ ; : •
'¦'The niost interesting character of the
book.Us an ¦ ItaHani-prlest. a man of un
i:>:.i:i gift's.<>f .eloquence, who has excited
t!ie dlstriijit. and'.*nvy of his superiors
fit licrjie; and who Imls been sent to a
Frttall .village, trhere for years . he pays
penance .by- living among men utterly un
ajip'rf ciative' of ¦ him, ;and where he Is be
reft .of all. that for.Mm makes life most
worth.livihg. The Jothcr characters in the
story-are .interesting. mainly for the prin
ciples for; which they stand and. for the
events to iwhlch their existence gives rise,
so that tjife' romanceris Interesting not sa
rr.vch for its character study, except in
the case of the priest, as for its; sympa
thetic picture of the beauties of nature
land the hold they ; take upon, simple
hearts, and its plea to allow our: modern
civilization to. suffirce for those who enjoy
it and net to permit its influence to extend
to the weak who cannot appreciate it and
who- can feel only ;its baneful - effects,
i Published by R. : F. Fenno & Co., New
York. Price Jl 50.) - : :
Jin) wardner.
"Jim Wardner of Wardner, Idaho," is
the curious title bl a book. It is the reci
tal of Mr.. Wardner's experiences as a
pioneer in the various mining districts.
And although it savors of an advertise
ment, his humorous style in depicting his
own popularity makes one admire a char
acter so thoroughly unique. No mining
center has been neglected, for Mr. Ward
ner's interests: have taken him from his
birthplace. Milwaukee, to I the Pacific
Sicpe; from Cape Nome to South Africa.
He tells of the fortunes he has made and
lest in a most ingenuous way, and re
counts with charmiqg crudeness anec
dotes of pioneer tiays that are now his
toric- ....
Mr. Wardner is a foremost man in the
history of mining and much useful in
formation ' can be gained from his book.
The last chaptor on Cape Nome will be
especially' inbtructive at this time, when
facts and figures about that country are
eo difficult to obtain. The little book
closes with the fpitaph Mr. Wardner has
chesen for himself, and it is too delight
ful To go unread: :
Oh, uhere. and oh. where bat Jim Wardner
.gone?- • :
Oh. w'.itre. and oh, where la he? - .
¦With his .tale's of Wold -and his anecdotes old,
An<i fis. new <3lacover-ee!
(The Anglo-American Publishing Com
pany, New York.)
The- Stateroom Opposite."
Mr. Veycey's new story Is one which has
already been pretty thoroughly worked.
butJie has told it In a new way and has
Introduced some clever situations and the
book once started • will . not be laid aside
until, finished. Carstalrs, an ex-colleglan,
tells us in the opening chapter of his dis
charge from the xeportorial -stall of the
Morning Globe because he limps In walk-
Ir.g. the result of .ah accident on the col
lege gridiron, and the city edltpr has told
him in a brutal, manner that "they want
no oiippjes In their business." The young
man, much crestfallen and' very despond
ent, Is making h|s way along the street
In an nJrnless manner ruminating upon
th«». Injustice of thg. world in general and
i-Iry odltors-'ln- particular nnd wondering
what h> will do next, when fato culls to
hlra.fn a shrill ajfid. discordant Voice, the
Wast fit-xn outgoing ocean .llner'B whistle.
How .Carpt airs Rets an unlooked-for as-
F;!frnnifnt ; atrip cliroad. and his many and
varied experiences, 'while en route are ex
co.psfllngly ;• well told and- hold- one's Inter
c-ft! throupnout.. :By Arthur Henry V-ey
fc>\ <a. : W: Dlirin'Rham- Company, New
York.^ Iri.riaper. 50. cents.) ; '¦
A Collection of Poems
"Sword rmdCross" is the title of a col
lectirm '.of .. poems -by ¦ Charles Kugene
Bankr.. Tho book numbers some 2G7 pages
am<} contains over 150 different poems upon
all : kirid3 and conditions of subje'ets. There
err*:, versos upcri ? 'Dewcy." "Uncle Sam to
thi? Philippines!." "Prayer for; Kipling
W~hcn'H« Lay art .<he Point of Death"
end'' lines .to. : "Auerbach's Baby" and
"IVirrpet: Burner." You can I take your
choice cf the .grave, the gay.' the pa
triotic.or the Sublime.- In so^large and
varied, a^ t-ollecfjon there . are naturally
ina-ny riot worth a second readinc and yet
there are KGinp.: showing marked talent
that prove a surprise comlngfrdm the* pen
of Jthe«arhc author. (Published by Rand.
Jl'rNii!i>'.. &' Co.; Chicago and New York.
Price. fV S. i . * "V:
¦The Veil Withdrawn."
. •T'he.ycil Withdrawn" has' little In It
to comnirnd to" tho general' reader. . It H
a ¦detective, story told -In a very stilted
manher.and from the "beginning the plot
is so', palpably -.transparent • that the
VwJthdraw?lof the" veij" Is -hardly a neces
sary ' adjunct. The book is handsomely
bound iri red cloth', g'itt top. and the print
is .large and; legible. ' By. Bericln J. Mad
<3uX (Dillingham- Company, New 'York
Price J1S):' . •
•Tf>c Taming of the Shrew."
A charming little yolume from the prens
of Doubleday, Page & Co.. is tfre play
er^ edition of Shakespeare.'s 'iTamlng of
the Shrew," as acted by Ada Rehan and
John Drew. The book Is printed on a su
perior-quality of paper, is In a handy form
and artistically bound with. a medallion
portrait of Miss.Rehan on the front cov
er. Its contents comprise eight superior
photographs of soft brown. tone reproduc
tions, several of which are shown on this
page, and in auuitlon the Introduction Is
written by Miss Rehan herself. Altogeth
er it' makes an admirable souvenir besides
its value as one of Shakespeare's clever
est comedies. The price Is $1 23.
"Practical Agitation."
. John Jay Chapman hw? contributed to
the- confused voices of the Presidential
campaign a cry much like that of Mercu
llo: "A plague en both your houses." He
condemns Republicans and Democrats
alike, and advices every man tn revolt
ttgalnst exirar-j . party organizations
wherever he JlU-js them. In city, county.
State- or natlcn. an>i to set up his own
standard of truth and fight f >r It. He
calJs his book "Practical Agitation." and
his. object, set forth In the preface.. is to
snow or at least to preach that "we can
always do more for mankind by following
the- good in a straight line than we can
by : making; concessions to evil."
He lays it down as an axiom that "there
are: no Issues in American politics save
this one issue of common honesty," and
he adds It Is not worth while to try to
achieve victory by organizing reform par-
home. Will. In the meanwhile, has won
the favor cf a wealthy uncle, who adopts
him. He grows more and more out of
sympathy with his family, until at last
his alienation seems complete. However,
time clears away all the difficulties. • so
that Gethin's name Is cleared and he re
turns home to leave it no more, anu the
girl whom Will marries lead? him j back
to his family.
I Besides Gethln ar.d Will Owen there are
in the story several characters who play
Important parts in bringing about the de
nouement—people bo charming in their
simplicity that at the end of the book
one ptrts from them with reluctance. Al
together the novel Is a very pretty )dyl
of country life. (Published by D. Apple
ton & Co., New York. Cloth $1. paper aO
cents.)
Who's Who in America.
A book that should prove Invaluable on
every reading man's table Is the work en
titled "Who's Who in America?" edited
by John W. Leonard. If gives us thou
tniids of biographical sketches of the lives
of prominent Americans— men and women
great In this his first venture, which often
betrays the hand of an amateur.
His delineation of some characters la
very good. The most cleverly-drawn are
SIgnor Somato, a "dago" banker, and his
wife Bridget, who Is a- delightful picture
of contentment amidst the most distress
ing financial disturbances. The' stpry
opens in Genoa, where Mr. Thomas gives
one too hasty a glance of a picturesque
country he knows so well after his years
of travel in Italy.
The scene changes at once to New York,
where one Is introduced to the heroine,
"The Last Lady of Mulberry." She Is
neither; an attractive nor original type,
but one that can be found daily in any
Bohemian quarter— a loud, unprepossess
ing creature who Is not worth the time a
clever man should spend on his central
figure.
It Is evidently Mr. Thomas* purpose to
present a truthful picture of an alien col
ony'in New York, but as a romance it Is
flimsy and uninteresting. . The characters
are not strong enough to, form the dra
matis personae of a good novel, and when
one has finished the book he cannot ( help
wondering why Mr. Thomas wrote It.
Mr. Pollak, the artist, has carefully il
lustrated'it, having gone , to Mulberry
street for his scenes and types. (Pub
lished by D. Appleton & Co., New York.
Price Jl 50.) '
"On the .Heights of Hlmaluy."
Lovers of theosophlcal mysticism will
find entertainment In "On the Heights gf
Himalay," by A. Van der ,Naillen. . the
sixth edition of which Is -now Issued.
Those who read only for the interest of
the story a book contains will find It dlffl-
on the Leader he is rewarded by occa
sional* complimentary theater tickets.
He goes Into politics and as a member
of the Legislature gives a very good ac
count of the Inside workings of the gov
ernment matters; He meets an attractive
Wesley girl and after that the mixture of
love and politics Is the theme which ends
in a most narmonlous strain. (Published
by Lee & Shepard,' Boston. Price $1 25.)
A Story of the American Revo
lution. :
- A romance. of colonial times, which con
tains a very pretty love story, has been
written by Mary Devereux. It Is the tale
of the love of a British officer for the
daughter of a family who entered heart
and soul into the movement to free the
colonies. The heroine, a most engaging
little rebel, shares fully her kinsmen's po
litical views, and takes a more active part
than most girls in furthering thorn; so
when she finds her hatred for England re
solving itself Into love for one of its
emissaries, her heart seems nigh breaking
fn the conflict between inclination and
duty. Fortunately, she lived at a time
when Washington was all-powerful, and
consistently with the kindness with which
history credits him, he uses his kind of
fices in behalf of the little American girl,
and. makes It possible for her to keep the
respect of her family and still to marry
the man of her choice. If weighed in the
balance with some other, recent novels
whose scene has been laid at the same
period of our history, this one will be
found somewhat wanting, and as pre
eminently a love tale with little aid for its
Interest In the historic settine. But if
particular industries to which they are
devoted. From the continual publication
in that way of the facts, figures and fore
casts of the trade of tne country, it would
appear but little has been left for any
further statement on the subject, and yet
Mr. Ray Stannard Baker, by compiling
all the evidences of prosperity In every
branch of business and in every section
of the Union into one volume, has made
a book full of interest and Information.
It is In no respect a campaign book got
up for political effect, and yet It is as ex
cellent a vindication of the administration
as could be put forward, since It briners
fully before the reader- the; marvelous
growth of the welfare of the American
people since the adoption of the princi
ples of protection and sound money.
It is to be noted that Mr. Baker has
managed to handle the great mass of sta
tistics. In his volume without wearying the
reader. . It is not a mere compilation of
figures, but a well written book, interest
ing as well a3 Instructive. Moreover, the
optimism of the author does not blind him
to the fact that every wave of prosperity
!s bound to have Its reaction, and that in
the natural course of events we shall have
over-speculation which will tend to bring
new panics. At present, however, there
is nd cloud upon the horizon. As Mr.
Baker says: "There seems to be no doubt
that the financial question ts about to drop
out of politics, and that the country will
place Itself flrml" and permanently on a
foundation of Bound money. * * * More
over, there is yet no lessening in demand
for our goods, the manufacturers ; are
booking orders months ahead and wages
are still going up. It would seem, there-
the public highway are given In full, to
gether with monthly calendars.-- an -au
tomobile logbook, etc.: The size Is handy
for the pocke-t, and the work as a whole
highly creditable and meritorious. (Flex
ible leather. $1 50.) v ,. ' '¦ - '
Literary Notes.
Anthony Hope has just sent the. final
"copy" for his new novel. "Qulsante,"' to
the .American publishers of the book.- It
will be published in book form by Freder
ick A. Stokes Company in: the early
autumn and will not appear serially..a3
the author prefers this course In the caa»
of this novel, which will display, his ver
satility and strength in a decidedly new
light: ¦/,.;:. 7 : \ : , :.
The title of the Installment of the autQr
blography of W. J. Stlllman iri tho June
Atlantic is "England; Again.." There arc*
interesting' reminiscence's ¦ of the poet
CJough. Christina ' Ropsetti ; . ami tho.
Browning?, together' with an account of
his sojourn in the Alps with Ruskin. With
this installment, Mr. Stillman brings his
narrative to the outbreak of the civil war,
and terminates that portion of his auto
biography upon which the. Atlantic has
been permitted to draw for material for
this most' interesting group of articles.
The most noteworthy contribution to the
current number of East and West is a
beautiful sonnet sequence by Arthur
Ketchum,' entitled "From He.! else to Abe
lard." Some of the sonnets are irregular
In structure, but this liberty In the form,
does not interfere with the delightful Qual
ity of the very imaginative and highly po
etical treatment of a theme that will llva
as long as '.there' are lovers, in the world.
Frederick Christian Gauss' "In Bohemia:
A Masque," is dedicated to the poet and,
critic Ondre Ibels. and breathes the very
atmosphere of Montroartre and. the caba
rets. Maria Louise Henty contributes the
Introductory sonnet, - "The Victory of
Samothrace," - .. .: ¦,*"•„- : :
Faderewskl sailed for Europe on the 15th
of May after a wonderfully successful sea
son In America. During his travels he has
been working upon "TVe Century Library
of Music," which the Century Company
will soon begin to publish, with Mr. Pade
rewskl as editor In. chief. It will appear
In twenty volumes, containing richly Illus
trated articles upon the great composers
of th*e world, written by other composers,
and with music which wilt Include the
cream of pianoforte literature, including
Paderewski's entire repertoire, each piece
newly fingered, phrased and pedal-marked
according to the latest and highest stand
ards. The work is being prepared under
Mr. Paderewski's personal supervision.
The first volume will appear in September.
Ever and anon Gelett Burgess, depart
ing from under the sign of the Purple
Cow, takes an excursion Into the regions
of virile verse. ; His latest excursion has
resulted In a rousing exhortation In poetry
to a certain Willy to 'Heave' the lady"
upon whom Willy ¦ is hopelessly dancing
attendance, and to "come and have a man
talk!" It appears in the May Criterion.
Here is one stanza of this poem. Mark
the swing and the stir of It:
Leave the lady. Willy: . you. are rather youn«r.
When the tales are over; when the soncs -are
.-'¦¦¦ «ung, -. ¦'-..¦ ¦'..•'
"When the men have made you, try the girl
apaln! . -. ; . ' - .; ] '
Come along with me. "WKly;'-you*U be better
'then. - ¦ . • . .¦ •
Come and have a Man Talk: •.
Forget your Cirl-Divan Talk!
fou've got to KPt acquainted with a higher
''. point of view! ... ...
Girls are bound to fool you:
\V>'re the ones to school you.
Come and talk the Man Talk; that's the cur«
for you! . . . '
The June Century will have some politi
cal bearings, including an essay on "Re
formers" by Governor. Roosevelt; Hamil
ton's estimate of Burr, as shown in un
published documents, and accompanied by
new portraits of the two antagonists;
"The Business Man and the Consular Ser
vice," by Harry A. Garfield, and tha
"Origin of the Lincoln Rail" as told to
J. McCan. ,Davi3 by Governor Oglesby.
Three short stories deal variously with
phases of political life: "The Mouse." by
a new writer, the scene being in Washing
ton official life; "Conlon." a novel char
acter sketch of a heeler's devotion to his
boss, and "The . Stained-Glass Political
Platform." a satirical sketch to which;
current events are likely to attract spe
cial attention. A new poem- by James
Russell Lowell 13 a novelty in magazina
literature, A few months ago The Cen
tury printed his lines on Shakespeare and
In Its June number will appear an un
published poem In a lighter mood entitled
"Three Scenes In the. Life of a Portrait."
It Is In a gay and witty vein and was
written In : Madrid during his stay as
minister and was addressed to a Spanish
lady to whom he. gave his portrait.
"The Last of the Fiatboats." by.Geore»
Cary Eggleston, la In the press for speedy
Issue by Lothrop Publishing Company.
Mr. Eggleston, In eplte of his duties as
a busy New York journalist, finds tlma
for semi-occasional .books of sterling
merit, and 'In thla new one he should ba
at his best.- for It la a story of adven
ture on the Mississippi and. Its Interesting
"Family of Rivers," a section .of our
country with which : Mr. Eggleston ia
familiar by association and bringing up.
In fact one of the chief characters in his
new story is said to be modeled upon tha
boyhood of his distinguished brother. Dr.
Edward- Eggleston,. chronicler of Hoosier
schoolmasters and schoolboys.
"Thme Last of the Flatboats" Js based
upon an adventurous- trip, on a fiat boat,
for recreation and revenue, from a Uttla
Indiana town to New Orleans and Is said.
by. those who. have read = the advance
sheets, to combine dramatic Interest with
a world of information about "the won
derful river"— the Mississippi. The Illus
trations by Charlotte Harding are pro
nounced as full of sentiment and action
of the story. . ¦'••:'*'•¦' •
D. Appleton & Co's. announcement for
May and early ' Jane Include two- books
of special interest, to nature lovers. Oca
la "Bird Studies With a Camera. 1 ", written
and ' beautifully Illustrated by- Frank M.
Chapman, author of •'Bird-life", 'and the
standard "Handbook, of Birds- of Eastern
North America"; .the other is " "Familiar
Fish" by Eugene McCarthy, a practical
book upon the habits and capture of
fresh-water came fish, with" an- introduc
tion by Dr.. David Starr Jordan, and many
illustrations. The announcements of tho
Messrs. Appleton are particularly stro-ng'
in -promising novels. They will follow
Miss Fowler's ".Farrin scions" arid Mr.
Thomas" "Ljfcit Lady of Mulberry** with,
"In Circling Camps,"-- a romance or tho
American Civil by j. A, Altsheler;
"Pine Knot." a story' of Kentucky .life,
by William E. Barton, author of '.'AHerc*
in Homespun":, and a new novel entitled
"The Girl at the Halfway House," by E>
Hough, author of "The Story of the Cow
boy," which described as a* genuine cipi.o
of the West. Appletons" successful Town
and Country Library will offer "The Sea
farers." a romance by J. Bloundelle-Bur
ton; "The Minister's Guest," a hovel by
a new English writer, Isabel .Smith;
"Brown of Lost River." «' romance of tha
plains, by Mary E. Sticknejr; ".path and
Goal." a novel by Ada Cambridge, and
"The Flower of the Flock," a novel bjf W.
E. Norri3.- . .. ' • '.. •:
. ¦ . ¦¦,¦ ¦ :
Boo k.s Received.
THE CRUCIFIXION— The- story of t!i9
Passion Play, by William T. Stead. Davi*
& Co., Chicago. " •..'•• i j'£'''-' "*.
HAROLD GODWIN- By W.de Hugcr.
J. S. Ogilvle. New York. " - : *
THE CHRIST MYTH^By Elizabeth E.
Evans. The Truth Seeker Company, NeW
York. 25 cents. •
THE CAT ALPA EXPEDITION— By Z.
"W- Pease. George S. Anthony. New Bed-*
ford, Mass. ... ¦. ' ,*»
THE RELIGION OF DEMOCRACTP? I
Ey Charles Ferguson. D. P.. Elder afol
Morgan Shepard. San Franclstfo. In pa.-'
per, CO cents.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
BOOK REVIEWS
4The other night -we drove over to the
"old gates of Paris, where the Gingerbread
or Kaster fete Is being held. It took us
some hours to see all that was worth see
in 1 ?, and when we returned we found our
coachman in rebellion. He had partaken
of several drinks of absinthe and con
cluded that we were English, and as the
Frenchman is pro-Boer the coachman re
fused to return us to our hotel unless we
consented to pay. treble the usual fare.
It did not take long for a mob to gather,
and the cries of "Throw the English In
the Seine" were very numerous. We tried
to persuade them that we were Ameri
cans, but they would not accept it until
one of the party who happened to have a
small silk American flag in his pocket
took it out and waved It. Then they gave
vent to a loud"Ah-h: If they are Ameri
cans, all right, but . if you find they are
English drop them out before you get
home." Speaking of the Easter feast or
Gingerbread Sidewalk Show, as it is
known here, this is beyond the dream or
notion of any American. Right out on
the public streets, covering a space of
nearly three miles, up one street and
down another, in the public squares, in
fact, covering every space of ground with
in that particular section, are* venders of
gingerbread, confections of all kinds,
fruit, lotteries, shooting galleries, ball
throwing games, side shows, circuses, fa
kers, dancing girls. Punch and Judy
shows and at least a hundred merry-go
rounds, with every kind of conceivable
animal to ride, and likewise vehicles.
The most gorgeously constructed merry
go-rounds the human eye ever beheld are
run by steam or electricity, as It may
happen to be constructed. Some of these
merry-go-rounds cost as much as $130,000.
Thpir like has never
been seen In America.
This thing commences
at sundown and as
soon as night sets in
ihe whole district is
w M i I, Illuminated by gas and
electric light. All
ij^S"«uIi\ \ kinds of music is
l^ ¦*%. A heard from every side
tt | and quarter and the
JH 9 spieler blends his voice
- , 3 £ <a attracting your at
ing about it. It Is patronized entirely by
the poor people who live in the outiylns
districts, soldiers, students and country
people. They go in droves, singing. 1 and
seem to have a very good time, the stu
dents especially. Speaking of the stu
dents, their quarter is a very Interesting
one. It is divided Into two parts of the
city, the artists mainly living hear . the
New Hippodrome. You can tell one as
eoon as you see him— corduroy balloon
trousers, slouch hat, large flowing neck
tie and a somewhai h-ungry look on his
face. No matter how late he carouses, he
is on the boulevards by 8:30 In the morn-
Ing. wher.e the models who 'are employed
and selected by the different artists walk
up and down, awaiting employment. You
will see the artists standing here and
there,. while these young women or ath
letically built young men or old and very
grotesque looking persons, who know
their value as subjects, pass to and. fro.
and the majority of the models usually,
find employment for the day. The stu
dent will go hungry, but he will keep
money enough to pay his model. On tha
other side of the city is what Is known
as the Latin quarter. Four. o'clock is tha
student's hour, when he indulges In a re
cess, and you can see him with his girl,
walking up and down the rue or sitting
In front of a cafe drinking his beer. Tho
average poor girl of Parl3 never wears a
hat, but they all have splendid heads oC
hair and know well how to put them up.
and you can see one of the little girls
who happens to be with her sweetheart.
a student, cuddled up to him. doing some
fancy work or reading a. book, -while he
is discussing some question of art or st*t»
with his fellow students. . The gentleman;
sport or swell of Paris spends his even
ings at the Folles Bergere or the Pa
risien or Olympia and more generally at
the Casino de Paris, occasionally going to
the Moulin Rouge to see the high kick
ers.
All these places I have mentioned have
large foyers where music Is dispensed dur
ing the Intermissions, and there tha. gay
women who have no moral standing pa
rade themselves, gowned in attlre3 that
simply dazzle the eye. Their fashion has
no equal; their gowns are the perfection
of the modiste, and it would seem at first
sight that there was no art in dressing
that could exceed them, but In this tho
stranger will find himself mistaken, be
cause if you trip over to Maxim's, a rotls
serie of fame in Paris just at this mo
ment, where all the titled gentry and
swelldom that come to Paris go after mid
night, there the very Ideals, who are
noted for exquisite gowning, and Jewels,
can be seen In great profusion. Such even
ing dresses are seldom dreamt of as can
be seen here. For beautiful day gowns
one must attend the. races. On a fine af
ternoon the gowns that are worn by tha
women who attend are marvels of art and,
beauty, and the cost 'of the' same is much
more proportionately here in Paris than
it would be in any part of the United
States, made by equally first-class gown
makers.
The sports and the gay life of Paris, to
gether with its theaters, cathedrals and
sensational newspapers, are the adver
tisements that lure the stranger from
home;- and the shopkeeper, cocher and
street vender for their hows, taking off
their hat3 to you, bon jours, mercl and
tres bien, get your sous, and franca and,
safely place them in the great National
Bank of France, where he draws as good
a rate of Interest as our banks in Amer
ica pay; and if anybody thinks th»
Frenchman or Frenchwoman is not all
business from the top of their head to>
their longest toe. just let hifn venture
here and he will find out. So, goinsr back
to my warning, let me advise every Call
fornlan when he strikes Paris to go to our
Californian headquarters and have our
secretary give you hotel rates, directions
where to get quarters, tell you where the
best and cheapest rotisseries are. and ad
vise you how to shop and also direct you
repardlnp the theaters. This ia the only
safeguard' to throw around yourself, and
If you are foolish enough, with a limited
amount of money, to respond to every call
that Is made upon you here, you will find
that the swim across the pond is a long
one. the distance from New York to 'Fris
co is equally long and the Journey very/
tiresome without money.
California la very well represented at
the Opera Comlque by Miss Rose Relda.
a San Francisco trtrl. and I must say that
her voice Is simply beautiful and all
Paris Is mad over her. She sings like a
nightingale and som©» day, not very far
oft the whole world will accord to her
the Justice which tho
Parisian world is doing
at the -present time. I
j± had the pleasure oC
X. K \ meeting her and found
/imllrX. ' • ker «• loyal Californian
*» of y° r «« ver y modest
"i.i<!Wi!\\ with her trlumnh*
(Continued from Page Two.)
THE PARIS EXPOSITION AS
SEEN BY A SAN FRANCISCAN
in tne act of entering
the front parlor of a
stately residence by
• other means than the
legitimate ringing of
the doorbell. Duff
commanded him to
throw up his hands
and was answered with a bullet, which
wounded him and caused him to
fall to the ground. After falling Duff
raised on his elbow, aimed carefully at
the retreating figure and fired. That was
the end of the reign of terror on Nob
Hill. The shot was fatal.
Sergeant "Tommy" Ellis is an efficient
officer of the present harbor police force.
At one time Mr. Ellis had no aspirations
. for wearing the -brass buttons, but they
camo to him through an accident, or rath
er through a spontaneous act of courage
and daring, which was not done for glory
or the hope of reward, but simply for the
assistance of a fellow "man. Chief Lees
having been informed of a diamond rob-
bcry and that the thief was making an
attempt to dispose of the jewels, had gone
• Into a pawnshop at the corner of Kearnv
'find Bush streets and accosted the thief.
j The man. who had taken the diamonds
from a house on Van Ness avenue, -im
mediately assaulted Chief Lees and began
a \ desperate fight, which because of its
unexpectedness might have been fatal to
Lees but for. the interference of Ellis.
"Tommy" Ellis was a good-natured
plumber, going home from his work ¦with
a piece of lead pipe over his shoulder,
whistling a merry tune and not looking
for adventure of apy kind. As he passed
the door of the pawnshop ho saw the
struggle, recognized Chief Lees, and leap
ea to the rescue, taking the fight into his
own hands. A blow, with the load pipe
on- the head of the thief brought that
person to the floor and "Tommy" Ellis
modestly -.touched - his <nat and- prepared
to resume his way. Chief Lees, however,
thanked the plumber warmly, lauding his
courage and bravery, and the next week
Mr. Ellis was uniformed and brass-button
ed, a fully equipped policeman. Soon af
terward he was made a sergeant, and for
years he has ¦ been
faithful und courage
ous in the service of
again presented itself
and Sergeant " Ellis
proved . the fact that
the same old mettle
* was still within him.
His beat was on Mar
9gB which was then at the
Si/ - - corner of Market and
• Opportunity means much. \ It was . op
portunity'that gave, the officers In these
few instances a chance to distinguish
themselves. There are many others as
daring and as brave who. would be equal
to the opportunity should it present Itself.
"They, are all. .of necessity.- brave men,"
says Mr. Seymour, captain of police, "be
cause if they are not a charge of coward
ice well substantiated brings about a
dismissal and cowardice is reckoned from
a negative standpoint as well as from tha
positive. It is the duty of. every officer
to enter into any disturbance near him
and to endeavor to quell It and if he does
not do- so promptly he is Liable to dis
missal. On the occasion of the . recent
tight between ; the safe-breakers. - Loraji
and Cronin. and the two policemen who
made the arrest, another officer was
standing by and he Is now held to answer
to a charge of cowardice for not taklss
a hand in the combat." .
So the position of the policeman, serene.
blue-coated and brass buttoned, cannot
properly be termed a "snap." Though it
is hi.s duty to assist ladles across tho car
tracks and to occasionally Interfere In
a newsboys' altercation, there are also
other duties less trivial, in the. fulfillment
of which he must not be found wanting.
The criminal elements the drunken and
the reckless.- the demoralized and the de
generate, with all their world of troubles,
disagreements . and warring, are oftenest
his charge and If he Is "paid to sleep out
of doors It la safe to say that he some
times loses his nap and hla slumbers must
at all times be not a little disturbed.
saw the man at work on the safe, then
quietly stepped down the ladder and land
ed squarely on the back of the Industrious
burglar. When he had subdued the crim
inal he marched him to the front door,
gave- the alarm and turned his prisoner
over to the prison officials. Just what the
sergeant would have done had he found
two or three armed accomplices down
there standing guard when he attacked
the burglar is a matter for conjecture, but
It Is safe to say that he would have given
them a. hard tight.
An unsophisticated 'Australian, while
visiting San Francisco a decade ago, fell
into the hands of a pair of practiced evil
doers. Jack Robinson, a notorious colored
crook and an ex-convict, assisted by a
colored woman, Henrietta McCall. suc
ceeded In getting the Australian drunk on
California wine and enticed him into a
lodging-house, where they gave him a se
vere beating and relieved him of a gold
watch and some $400 In cash, after which
they threw him from the window. The
resulting thud was somewhat sobering in
effect and the penniless Innocent called
to the officer who was on the beat, relat
ing his troubles. The officer. Harry Rey
nolds, saw the negro leave the house and
enter a saloon. Reynolds followed an.I
attempted to arrest the negrcr. The
colored, man attacked Reynolds with a
knife and there was a desperate struggle
before assistance arrived. Reynolds was
victorious and was serenely sitting upon
the stomach of his prisoner when the bar
keeper appeared. The woman was. given
five years and the man Is still doing time
on an eighteen-year term.
the. uf ves of ou y. stu e-, ,.
. Coated- pr*oiecior*s- / ;.?¦
THE PERILOUS ADVENTURES OF SAN FRANCISCO POLICEMAN
covered with sawdust,
added difficulties to the
. fiRht, and both men
were entl.reJy exhaust
ed when Shea, the offi
cer, ' finally succeeded
in fastening a firm grip
on. the throat of the
burglar. The alarm
was given . and the
criminal placed . In a
cell.. For ithis daring
act Sergeant Shea was
rewarded by the Police
the' blood streaming rrom his face com
pletely blinded' him. ' •: ... • .
•Loiter when; the .desperate Fredericks
made, an alten"!i>t to escape from' his ceil
.at the' City: Prison his- j»laris -were frus
trated by the coolheadedncK? of - Corpo
ral P'arottc. and Sergeant Shields again
played' a prominent part in the thrilling
scene that followed. ' Through .the assist
ance of a faithful "trusty v Fredericks otfr
tained a piece- of iron, which had origin
ally been a' leg .of- one- of the prison beds,
arid with this he pried open the lock of
his cell .. door.i . Waiting :f or the guard to
come: by he slipped • up' behind ' him ' and.
raised the iron 'bedleg for a "blow, intend
ing to fell him and. secure the key to the.
outsfde door.- : Corporal. Parotte was on
guard. Just at. the moment he happened
to observe Fredericks' shadow, with the
arm uplifted to strike him, he'dodged
quickly find 'grappled with the criminal;
¦A woman Who -had been arrested- for some
trivial off ehs--e. screamed . and gave, the
alarm. ..Sergeant Shields came to the asr
sigtance. pistb.1 in hand.- He saw the sit
uation: and' wha't was to. be done.. Simply
awaiting the- favorable • moment when
Fredericks': body was uppermost . and ex
posed- he <ired, -wounding the criminal and
subduing him.-' •: •• ¦ :••..•"
Anotnvr duty, of the polfceman whichTs
' iflDiple yet fraught with.t>udd?n dangers
and 'ijc-k.- is that of patrolling the .beat
in the later. hoxirs cf the' night. In the"
business portions of the- city t,he. officer -is
required to try the lock". of each' door, ind;
it he finds it :bpcn it is his further duty
to enter and seek the rause. The cause, is
¦ usually .a burglar, a safecracker or some
other unlawful prowler. .Some -years apo
there was an exciting scrimmage, in Oak-!
land, the outcome of an . unlocked door.'
Two safecrackers. Lewis Matheny and
Joteph Touhlli; were. at work in the back
of the store, having left the door open be
hind them. Sergeant Harris, patrolling
his beat, came' along- and tried the door.
Finding it open lie fearlessly walked* in
and . was immediately shot dead.
One of the burglars escaped through
a window ami the other, jumping
over the body of . 'Harris, dashed
through the doorway." encountering two
other officers who had been attracted by
.the pistol shots. The night was dark- and
stormy and they fired at the escaping
Touhill in the dark. Next morning Tou
hlll was diFCovered dead a few feet away
upon the car tracks. Matheny was af
terward tried for the murOsr. of Harris,
but was acquitted because of theCuncer
tainty as to who lired the- fatal shot. — .'•. •
On another occasion; while there was a
large, fire raping on IJrannan street. r fierce
struggle. hand to hand. in thedark.was be-'
Ing enacted between an officr of the law
anJ a venturesome safecracker. A: num
ber of the policemen had been called off
the patrol to attend the crowd at the fire,
and Sergeant Shea had just " been sent
back to his beat by the captain of police..
Shea in trying the doors, found that of a
butcher shop on Fifth street unlocked. He
walked In in tho dark, and was Immedi
ately rushed at by the burglar, who was
working in the dark. The officer was
taken by surprise and could not get at his
weapon, and the burglar had acted so
Quickly that he had left -his pistol lying
with, his tools on the floor. Jt was a
struggle between two- physical giants. The
floor of. the butcher 8hop,\ slippery, and
WHAT is a pclicemanr'.inqulres
one of two comedians on a vau
deville stage, and the reply
comes, ".Why, a policeman is a
¦persop who is paid; by the city
to sleep out of doors." The. comic alma
r.acs are not any easier with the blue
coated officer of the law. and he is the
target of the professional -"funny man"
In the "bits, of humor" columns. Some-?
times he is represented as a terrifying
"boogie man" to small rebellious infants,
ar.d under the epithet of "cop" he is re*
iigioiisly evaded and. avoided .by- the small
beys Intent upon lfghl-fingered misdeeds
about fruit ehops and peanut stands. He
is centrally conceded to be Irish, and the
casual observer sums up his position as a
•'snap." his chief duly being Jo escort la*
dies across' -the car tracks- and tp. quell
the little teapot ibrolls of the street. . ;
In reality the position of a police officer
Is one of great -responsibility. ¦ It calls', for
courage, fearlessness and a" disregard of
personal safety- In the unflinching fulfill^
meat of official dutv. Bravery is ah es
eentiil' quality of the- police officer, and
«Joes he at any time show a lack of 1%
¦ be ceases to be an officer. Numerous ar«
the acts of courage and daring performed
bv San Francisco policemen', uut only ,lr>
cases where unusual circumstances bring
It to notice does me public 'become aware
of the exceptional merit of. its' servitors;
Those who were in San Francisco- three
years ago will recall the story of the cap
ture of the eccentric tinker ilaynes. .who
had lived for yeafs in his little cabin on
Eernal Helshts. He was • regarded as
harmless, tnough peculiar ana a little un
balanced mentally. One .day he armed
himself and began shooting at; the children
of the neighborhood, and- the Police De
partment sent out a patrol waeon with
Lieutenant Burk and two assistants to ar
rest him. Lieutenant Burk: went to the
5oor and rapped for admittance but was
.told eruffly to go away.: The officer. then
attempted tobreak open.the door, but the
old man began shooting, and wounded
Burk fatally before he could retreat or
vise his weapons. The driver of the pa*
kol. Ceor|* P Cashel. seeing the officer
wounded rushed in at the risk of his lue
¦2£d dragged -the helpless man away.
SSee hours ."later Burk diet}, while the
litul cabin an the heights was still held
by the crazy man though attacked by re
li'orwoeats from the Police Department.
A RDecfal detail of the department's
wi^njSylo^ 25dcKS % SJ£
rfh^fnz^n and Instantly killed, crawled
formed bv Fell and Market sireecS
i-p? attacked • by the notorious crim-
Jrll Fredericks, who had a prevWs
record of several murders and bank roo
ber?es. He flrrd through the n law of the
cashier's window, instantly killing hii
Sam Hrrrlck. the cashier. He; also shot
at The bank clerk, but without ™un< Ing
him. ar.d then . ran from the b""™"*
bursting through the crowd that* had as
sembled ar.d disappeared down Tcn.h
Etreet. Several men in the crowd and a
number of officers followed the
man. who was seen to jump on a Minion
car His pursuers fo!Iov.'ed. and some ol
thtin e-^««**Rd«?d in crettins: on the rear end
of the wme car. but Fredericks gained
en ihem by leaping to a car -going in the
enno«Ue direction, while both were In mo
lion sr.d for a time baffled and evaded
them by repeating the act. At last ne
made his way to Woodward's Garden,
with on!y two or three officers in pursuit.
Here he dodged about. for a time, final y
running under a house which was slightly
elevated from the ground. Officer Shields
was the first to come up. and without hes
itation he dropped to his knees and. al
thouph he knew the desperate man was
armed, he crawled under the edge or the
house, confronted Fredericks and com
manded him to throw up his hands. The
murderer immediately surrendered, the
two long Colt revolvers which he wore
in his belt being of no use. because of
his inability to aim, he having been cut
about the face by the shattered glass
tJirougb. which be had shot Herrick, and
M^ri; W'hP Hs>$ : :;
Commissioners with a month's leave of
absence and $J0 pin money to help along
his vacation. . - • , .-.-¦ -
A cigar stand at the corner of Montgom
ery avenue, and Green street was entered
one night three years: ago by two of the
most desperate crooks . of ¦ the day. \ While
they were looking about '. for : plunder and
tampering /with the till Officers Caples and
Petersvrame ,alongiand surprised them.
As the policemen appeared at the opening
the two crooks began, firing, and the of-;
fleers responded with animation.- ¦; Peters
was slightly, wounded, but-, one of ; the
crooks was captured. after a struggle and
the other, who had made a dash for lib
erty, ; punctuating • his ; leaps ; with. ' bullets,
1 . ¦ ¦ . ¦ . - .- •
was found dead a block and a half away.
It was. thought at first that he " had :re
ceived the fatal wound in the 'skirmish,
but examination revealed the fact that he
had shot himself when . escape was . hope
less. ¦ - ...-, . •: •.- • :; ..¦-¦." - . ' . ¦ •-¦'
A burglar, aristocratic in' his tas,te. some
years ago'was amusing hlmselfby terror
izing, the residents of , Nob Hill. He had
escaped .\ the - vigilance ' of : the .officers ' for
Borne ; time : when - his career ; was ' brought
to - an abrupt ! ending. Officer Duff, being
detailed, to capture the crook, rcaugbt; him
Stockton streets .he , observed through
the window, the shadow of a man picking
at; the lock of the safe. Ellis said noth
ing. 1 - but ¦ quietly mounted • the stairs ' of -, a
lodging house next door and climbed down
upon the skylight. Here . he found . an
opening and a rope ladder, left .there by
tno safe ; cracker. Ellis took . a peep. . in,
tentlon. - To do this district property and
Bee the side shows, wild animals and
other points of jollity it would take about
four nights. The stranger seldom goes
to this quarter or be seems to know nota-
- There are many students from Califor
nia here perfecting themselves in the dif
ferent arts. I trust It will not be long be
fore our State does something to- promote
a higher condition of art.,
THE SUNDAY CALL.
a little French politeness It is simply mar
velous and delicious. The meanest thing
you can call a Frenchman is "cochon,"'
and this is frequently called from one to
the other; pumpkinhead is another very
general expression. The advertised riding
prices for the public cabs are very rea
sonable, until you take the ride and the
cocher gets through figuring it out for
you. While talking of riding here in
Paris, let me suggest to the pedestrian
who does not ride, that if you get run
over here you are immediately arrested
and punished for getting In the way of
the horse, and if any damage is done you
are liable In law for whatever happens to
the horse or the coach for permitting
yourself to be run over.
5(Continued Next Sunday.) .
BOOK THE SECOND.
.Copyrighted^-CHAirTEU • IV— Continued.
«7v? H?' she cried, sobbing, "I am the
.// \\ cause cf it ail. Why did you take
It "\ me? Why did you accept me in
' your ir.5d.st? ' I bring bad luck to
fill whom I love. The school and little
Germaine were all that I had in the world.
Germaine is going to be tried for her life,
end. we are driven out of the school."
Pirnitz and KrederiQue had to console
her. They were the only two who re
tained their lucidity and courage, for Lea,
worn out by the fever which had brought
dark circles around her eyes, sat upon a
chair, silenUy awaiting the turn of events,
la which she would take no part. A dis
cussion began between i*lrnitz and Fred-.
erlque. fredfAQUe was .for. resistance,
ana urgccl the commencement of a iaw&mt
against their spoliators, me state and tue
coiwaune. J-'imiiz lit-iu an opposite opin
ion.
"We should lose <-very t-uit, Frederique.
¦\Ve have no one on our bide. Tne instinct
ive hostility «jf man toward the emancipa
tion of cur sex is unchanged. 1 went
Through similar crises : in Austria and
Hungary. We. must let the tvn moment
pass."
¦".So we are going to abandon the young
creatures to urban we promised our pro
tection ar,d care'.'" cried Freaerique.
"'We have done ail in ¦ our power for
them.' and our efforts will not be lost.
Louise Heurteau is ambitious. She has
wickedly played her own game against
"us r but, at bottom, she shares our ideas
I about the educauun of woman, and under
¦ her directions the school will tstill be very
superior to most others. Then, in atfdi
j tloji, we; shall not hide ourselves. Those
, of the pupils \vlib w;sh and who can fol
' low us wijl know where to find us."
She paused for a second.
• "Respect for our personal dignity com
¦ pels us to leave this evening, for we 'can
not stOp in a house where we have no
longer any authority." ' -•• -. ' . .
"Yes:, ltt us go at once," eaid Daisy, ap
provingly. "But where.?" . :
"We can take shelter for to-night in my
old room In the Hue de la Sourdiere. Dear'
Mile, de Sainte-Parade, who still kept it
. through a sort -of religious respect as the
birthplace cf our work, paid the rent in
, advance. To-morrow we -can decide where
; to establish Ourselves. ¦ Now, I propose
• that we call ia a few pupils; one eacn, if
you like, those who api^ear to be the most
gifted, and upon whose aid -we can de
pend. We will bid them farewell and con
fide, as it were, our testament of our
Ideas to them..- It is the sealed bottle
thrown overboard by the crew of a sink-
Ing vesseL The bottle may be broken,
but Ihere is the bare possibility that it
may come safely to land and convey use
ful tidings." .
"In your place. Romaine," said Daisy.
"I ehould assemble all the pupils in the
big hall and make a f?pe'-:h. as you did
the other night. You have more influence
over them than Mile. . Heurteau. They
would all go away with us."
"And afterward?" as=kt>d the apostle.
Badly. "What could we do with them?
Where would we lead this flock without
fold? No! We have no right to tempt
into the unknown these young- creatures
•who, in Epite of all, have shelter and in
etruction here." •. - . ,-|; ; %.'-
Pirnitz's opinion was accepted as the
wisest. Each of the four prescribed mis-?
treeses named a pupil, and Lea went to
the school room to call' them. For her
eelf. Fhe -relied upon Georgette Vincent, a
former pupil of the Assistance Publique,
a. vivacious, affectionate and intelligent
girl, who had been her favorite for a long
time. Pirnitz designated the little monl
tress Alexandrine; Frederique a. pretty.
eedate little rr^nette named Ninette Van
derbrouck. As for Daisy, she decided to
call Alice Aubry one of the oldest girls
In the school, and one of whom Germaine
Soubize was particularly fond.
When the four girls, deeply affected by
this unexpected convocation, were assem
bled around their mistresses in Pirnitz's
room, the i^ostle ?aid to them:
"My dear little girls, what I tried to pre
pare you for the other evening haa now
happened. We are oblige*! to leave you.
The only one who Is authorized by the
Minister to remain in the school and to
continue its direction is Mile. Heurteau.
"As you vill understand, our grief is
profound; and 1 tsee that yours is also.
.Nevertheless, we do not despair. And you
must l>e Wo are not lost for you.
The present crisis will come to an end,
end then, if you wish, you will find us
cRain. .For the moment, your. duty is to
remain here, to be obedient to your mas
ters and mistresses, to work. and. in a
vrord. to act as though we were etlll here
The school is goin^.to adopt official ideas
cf instruction. There will be some
changes probably of method. Submit to
them but remember that r.o one has any
rieht to bias your consciences. You arc
free beines. Never yield upon the ques
tion of the subjection of women; never
accept doctrines that favor it.
"\V> leave y;u this mission amone your
companions. You have over them the in
*"ue7ice of quicker minds, of a more thor
nuirh comprehension of our principles, for
nil four of you have penetrated more pro
foundly Into our ideas. You must replace
U *'You mav. if you wish, as we hope you
do remain in communication with us.
You have only to write to us openly at 21
«L de la Sourdiere, and even to come to
pee us upon the days you are allowed out.
But above all. do it openly; there must be
n "And r n C ow. kiss us. and return quietly to
y °ThVemo C tion caused by the few word..
.» iimTilv eoolccn, was intense. The four
SrWeU inclined to «—»- bit Pirnlu'.
FrefleriQue Surier it the illegitimate daughter
ef a millionaire'* koiu A hasty n»arrlag»
patched up between the mother and an employe
ct the millionaire results five years later in the
birth cf Lea Surier. The half-sisters, . left
crphans, pecure employment' in Jude Duram
bcrty's wallpaper manufactory. Because Jude
rr.ak.'s Improper advances to Krederique. both
g:rls resign. . - - ' '
Bomalne Pirnitz. an enthnslastic apostle of
the new womanhood, commends them to;,the
care- of the Noble Maidens, a society *he has
formed In Budapest. London and Paris..- to
teach gir!.s a trade, develop their independence
end thelr-morals and make them eocial farters
in the regeneration of. men. The Noble Maid
ens further hold celibacy nobler than mar
riage. " " •'•
Through this agency the sisters obtain' work,
flret In London and then once more in Paris.
In London they make the acquaintance of
Geore and Ttnka Ortsen. brother and ei'eter.
the first a sculptor, the second a novelist.
FVedertque eecretly and Lea openly fall 'In love
with Geor*r. He engages himself to Lea*, but H
Is understood that the union Bhall be a platoalc
and mystic one.' .' '= . -, .
Georg shatters this dream by one too. pas-
Fiona te kiss. Jjea. breaks with him. The isep
aratlon becomes final when, a few months later
In Paris, he confesses that he has lost . his
virgls'.ty. Nevertheless, Lea etlll .yearns tor
her lover, and doubts thfe ' wiedo*n -of her "de
cision, despite the approval of the.- • Koble
ilaidens. • • .'•'.¦ ' : ' . " .:
Th* example of another. Xoble Maiden, . = I?ay
vecke He?pel, !n engaging herself to marry a
vldower named Hemlneau, completes her ytr
pitxlty. ••- ¦ -v ' ' .- : -t
Jude Duramberty, etin ; in «ove . with Frea
erlque, new propose* to xnarry. her." She re
jects hlru. He becomes her enemy and seeks
to ruin the cocitty by demanding Instant pay
ment of a lar,.-» fjai he had. loaned. -. '.. '¦ - ' ..
One of the Nable MsJdens, Germaloe Scutilze,
a hysterical - and . jiasslonate woman, seeks him
In his private apartmecu with the intention of
(tabbing him. lie overcomea and assault's her.
Thrust Into the streets in iiguxiy of mind. : 'ehe
runs aerc«s a former acquaintance whom 'she
tad always eete>t«!d, Sir: James Bartlett, jand
kllli him,: She .is arrested acd- thrown; -Into
prison. ' '¦¦'.':";¦_¦ .'.:' !¦'¦¦ ¦ :.'.:'¦¦ ; .. .'.¦.¦
Tire Matjr, and'sthe'r. Parisian papers, largely
through .TJrBranjberty'B -a£enc>- as a .false ¦u-lt
ness,. make the. scandal a. basis for bltt-er at
ta.cka upon the.; entire ! eocteiy of the Xoble
2fa!de.ne, wliobe'aims ar,d nu<:hous are car
icatured and fcland-ered: •. i .. . -' ' ' •'
: The Fcabflal; is Inquired. into by the.FYfnch
iParllmrier.i. and as A result, a. Ministerial de
cision disiriisses all the teachers In the Xoble
llaiden*' fechool save lllle. Louise Keurteau,
"who had a!way» been lncj'iafrd to conservatism.
X*«. deeming everything In faer old life Is
?nded. . forthwith leaves Parts lor London In
tfa.-fb cf feer lover. -. '- .
authority over them was so great that
.they restrained themselves as best they
could. Their sobs choked their utterance,
and they could only cling, around their
mistresses' neck and kiss them passion
ately. . : . •••.¦
"Take us away with. you! Let ,us go
with you!" they said. Georgette Vincent,
who was the most sensitive of the four,
gripped .Lea's: arm so despairingly that
one would have said that she were ship
wrecked and' Hanging on to a. floating
spar. Lea suffered horribly from this em
brace \t lhat very minute she felt, with
a sort of keen and feverish -joy, the last
links breaking that bound, her to her
prison. And this silent frenzied desire for
liberty: whieh consumed her was so vio
lent that there" was no place In. her heart
even for pity. While Georgette's arms
were cjingmg -convulsively -.around her Lea
had only one idea— "Oh! that all this were
over and finished! that . this agony be
shortened!" ". She felt- a. little relief when
the four girls,, at once sorrowful and proud
of .their mission, had .rejoined their com
panion?.. • ; ' . • ' "
Daisy. Frederique and Pirnitz then be
gan their' preparations for departure. It
ha-d been decided that for that " .evening
only what was • absolutely necessary
should; be taken away, Daisy would re
turn, for all. that belonged to them at the
.tichool as soon: as thty -had selected a
itiw-elling. "• - ¦'-
"What* ' Daisy," murmured Lea, "you
v.ill return here. • You can meet Heurteau
again:?'.' " ' ; . ¦ •' '.
"Certainly; i' shall see .her?" replied the
Irish womani "and she will be the one to
ilin'chr "{ And mo will.the'-Abbe Minoti Quig
noasct' vised this infamous outrage.' I am
not afraid of them!" ¦
Before leaving their rooms they counted
up the; resources at their disposition.
When their purses had' been reunited they
found that they had three hundred francs.
.But .Lea and .Frederique possessed about
twenty-live hundred francs in the bank,
the savings of former. days. P.irnitz had
a thousand francs of her own.-a little nest
egg, saved from old lessons. Daipy was
the only one who possessed absolutely
¦nothing. The instant" she received her
salary she always .«per.t it in charity.
It was after half-past 7 when a heavy
cab, which the -patenerper went for to a
thnery stable in St. Charles, bore the four
wnmen away from' the house where they
had Fpent the best of their Intelligence
and their energy during so many month;'.
While the-oid and uncomfortable cab was
Joltinjr them from St. Charles to the Rue
du Faubourg St. Honore they hardly
spoke to each other. Huddling together,
they felt all the iniquity of the social
power that was oppressing them. Fred
erique. Pirnitz -and even Daisy meditated
how they were to recommence the battle.
Lea was the only one of the four who
bowed before her destiny, who gave up
the tipht and all hopes of vengeance. She
was absorbed by this thought.
"No. I cannot return to that house In
the Ruo de la Sourdiere and see Pirnitz's
room ajrain! I will not enter it! I would
rather die! Cut what am I to do?"
She railed all her intelligence to her aid.
"Well, if I must. I will tell Frederiquo
everything when we arrive at the Rue de
la Pourdiere.' 1 want to be free, as Pirnitz
says. 1 will have the liberty that suits
me — the liberty that I need."
She made the resolution: "As soon as
the cab reaches the Place de la Concorde
I will tell them the truth— that I am leav
ing them and returning to England."
Hut before they had crossed the Pont
des Invalifies Frederique gave Lea the 300
francs they had reunited.
"You must be our treasurer. Pay the
cab, and while we are going upstairs with
orr valises buy something for dinner."
"Yes." paid I>ea. who was always domi
nated by her sis=ter. And she did not speak
of her intention.
• When, the cab stopped before the old
houte, petrified in its century old immo
bility, the old Directoiro house, where the
two riFtrn* had first seen the light. Lea
felt a thrill of horror and hatred. It
seemed to her that this house was the
causo.of everything. She had been born
there in s!ia:r.e; Bhe had fallen under two
evil influence? there— that of Frederique
and that of Pirnitz. She was glad of the
pretext that Frederique's orders gave her
to avoid entering it.
"I shall be back :n a few moment*," she
said to her three companions as they went
Into the ccrridor with their little packets.
The cabrr.an could not change a 20-franc
piece. ¦ . '
'"Take me to n tobacconist," said Lea,
getting into the cab ajeain. ¦
The Dearest shop was at the corner of
the Rue du Faubourg. Lea bought a
carte lettre. wrof a few words upon it,
slimed into it a . SO-frnnc note. .sealed it
and wrote her sister's name upon it.
Xow that she was alone, bevond the
gaze of the two dominators of her will,
she recovered a marvelous faculty of de
cision. :, '¦ -: y
"Fifty francs." she thought, "will bo
enough for them until to-morrcw. and I
have given them my share of the 2000
francs in the bank."
She got into the cab again and told the
man to drive to St. Augustine's Church.
She had decided to Ftart that evening for
London by way of Dieppo and N'cwhave,
hut she flid not wish to lfave the cab at
the St. Lazare station. As she got out at
the foot of the broad steps that lead up
to the church she gave the carte lettre
to the cabman. ; :¦ - t
"Take this letter to 21 Rue de la Sour
tfiere. Give It to the concierge, and say
that it Is very urgent." .
She gave the man an ample tip, and
h? raid:
"Thank?, madame. You may rely upon
nip. The commission will be well done."
Tho found of an organ issued from the
church, which was lit for evening ser
vice. Lea mounted the steps. When she
arrived at the top she turned, followed
with her gaze the cab, which turned and
drove away, its heavy frame shaken and
jolted over the wooden pavement.
It was about 8 o'clock in the evening.
The brightness of the gas lamps was still
overpowered by the twilight.- The cab
turned into the Boulevard Malesherbea
and disappeared.
Lea then entered the church. Before
beginning her voyage she felt the need of
prayer and of solitude. For so many
months she had never prayed! But: her
primitive soul, oppressed for so long, was
awakening. :
CHAPTER I.
BOOK THE TULLJiD.
The express had passed Chatellerault.
It was now flying along toward Tours,
across faintly undulating plains, where
verdant fields and stubble from the recent
harvest alternated with brown stretches
of plowed land prepared for the approach
ins seeding. White houses, roofed with
Touraine slate; country stations, that
suddenly vanished in a throbbing of elec
tric bpilsj now and again the peaked tur
rets of a chatpfiu, that pierced through
the yellow woodland; from time to tlmt
a village gathered In the depths of a val
ley around the parish steeple. Central
France unrolled its landscape for kilome
ter after kilometer before the eyes of
Frederique, in mourning, sitting in the
corner of a second-class carriage. An
other person occupied the compartment
with her, a nun in a violet dress, who
sleeping in an uncomfortable position, as
the devout sleep at the church, erect and
unbending, against the back of the car
riage, the beads of her rosary softly
clinking between her relaxed ¦ fingers,
the wings of her white cornette gently
fanning her reposeful, colorless, express
ionless face. . ,
Frederique was returning with 'Sister
Odi!e from one of those hurried compul
sory journeys, during which the eyes
watch with a vacant gaze the objects
that pass before them, because the Jour
ney has. so to speak, torn the soul from
bitter cares which will have to be faced
apain after the return.
Two days before, in company with the
fat servant Maria, they had left Paris
for a village named Poudenats, in the
Gers. escorting a fourth traveller, who re
quired an entire compartment for the
journey, for her poor body, for
ever motionless, was contained* In a
coffin as small as that of a child. Mile.
de Salnte-Parade had died suddenly and
painlessly on -September .- 17. " less .. than
three months after the stroke of paraly
sis which had prostrated, her the day
of her ruin, and two months after the
appropriation of the school by the .state.
She had died In the modest lodging,
which she inhabited with Sister Odile
and faithful Maria, near St. Clothilde's
Church. After her death, by the advice
of Maria, they had telegraphed to a
nephew of the deceased, the last survivor
of the Sainte-Parade family, who lived
in the Gers. He had replied that he
was ill and could not come to Paris, but
he begged the nun to bring the body to
Poudenats for burial.
Maria returned to her natal place with
her dead mistress. At the burial Freder
ique represented the work to which Mile.
Sainte-Parade had devoted a part of her
life and all her fortune. Pirnita and
Daisy, living with Frederique in tHe Rue
de la Sourdiere since their expulsion, had
stayed in. Paris for economical reasons.
In' addition, Daisy would not leave Paris,
for Germaine had just been seriously ill
with peritonitis at the St. Lazare Hos
pital,-and Pirnitz felt that she was, neces
sary to Daisy. . When the funeral was
over Maria stayed at Poudenats in the
service of Mile.- Sainte-Parade's nephew,
a little old man, half helpless with rheu
matism. Sister Odile was returning to
Paris, which she would leave almost im
mediately for Alsace, where she intended
to make a retreat in her- convent at
Thann. "-. •
-. Thus the companions of an enthusiastic
movement, which had been rudely inter
rupted by masculine hostility, were being
scattered one by one. • .
'¦' Frederique was lost in the melancholy
caused by this dispersion, while the train
sped along the rails through autumnal
Touraine. The sky was clouded, with fre-:
quent gleams of light, when a watery sun
pilvered the woods, paths and fields. Fred
erique could not help comparing the fer
vor of her former hopes with the emptl-'
ness of the results. Oh! her studious,
concentrated infancy, her ardor to purify
the sullied home! .What an 1 influence she
had exercised, even as a child,, over- her
mother; over her grandfather. Legay. and
6ver her young sister! Then her meolx
ing with Pirnitz. her glorious enchant
ment by that gaze of the apostle, her ini
tiation into' emancipatory doctrines, her
sojourn in London accompanied by Lea.
the realization of feminist life in Free
College and in the circumscribed phalans
tery of Apple Tree Yard! | Nothing during
all those years of childhood and youth
nothing had really been lacking to form
"stranger like," brought by tha cabman
when, Daisy, Pirnlta and Frederique her
eelf were beginning to be anxious at tha
long absence of Lea:
"My dear Fedi: I am no longer of any
use among you now that the Work is de
stroyed. My duty— I feel itr-ls to rejoin
him who suffers far from me. I wish to
avoid farewells, and perhaps discussion;
and it is for that reason that I have not
spoken of my project to any one, but it
has been decided upon for a Ions . time.
Forgive me. Listen to your own heart
and you will understand.. I , leave you
my share • of the two thousand francs
which belongs to us. May it help you to
live through the moments of difficulty
that you are going to experience. Fare
well, Frederique! I thank you for all you
have done for me! I thank Romalne. I
kiss Daisy, Pirnitz and you.
"Your sister who will love you always.
"LEA."
She had been forced to read this letter,
to have it read by Daisy and Pirnitz, who
were waiting anxiously. Frederique. then
felt a shame so terrible that It even sur
passed the pain of separation. Such had
been her shame as a child the day she
understood the infamous bargain conclud
ed by her mother with the d'Ubzacs.
When Pirnitz tried to console her. she re
plied: "Don't speak to- me of her, Ro
maine. Never speak of her again— never,
never." '
With feverish activity she had imme
diately gone abcut the work of their In
stallation in the narrow cell where, with
Lea. she had felt formerly the spirit de
scend upon their sisterly union.
Thus the original troop of Noble Maid
ens was now reduced to Pirnitz and Fred
erique. The most painful feature of the
defection was that the deserters, at first
anxious to combnt the masculine domln
ator. had all, with the exception of Daisy,
finally yielded to masculine domination by
an act; of spontaneous abdication. A sad
dening truth imposed itself upon Fred
erique's lucid mind: the actual powerless
ness of -women surged forth from these
voluntary defections. Duramberty's vic
tory, the spoilation of the foundresses by
the governing powers, were incidents of
a political order, and consequently only
provisional incidents, which left the field
open for the revendtcations of the future.
But how much more disquieting, in an
ancient social order, was this incapacity
of woman to shake off the yoke of her
tyrant! Hardly was she free when It
seemed as though she had nostalgia for
her chains.
The entire history of the school demon
strated this: Mllo. Hcurteau bowed be
fore man, distributor of honors and offi
cial posts: Duyvecke accepted servitude,
vanquished by an obscure yearning for
othar. It i» not difficult, but one must
h K- e ed a ertqfe a in°sIsJed. feelin* that .ha had
"JWTb^SS^W f an invalid joa
have nursed and who has become dear .to
you on that account must be a cruel trial
tO "i y t°is ; God's S 1 said Sister Odile. with
th« .outers at Thanh. What a number of
new faces I shall "el I have become one
Of .4 h o e w 0l o1d°2r e e S SSTf;. asked FrederiQue.
::Yet7o^mu 3 stne O \ d ncWed n -axnon S tha
young ones in the convent?
¦sSli
vereation. began to pray again. The hair
hour's recreation was o\er.
Frederique meditated. No, she . n«J g«
HS8W
knew that sne wore away here strengin
in vTgils and repulsive duties, but she did
not care; it was the rule of the convent.
And. probably, her anxiety to eat «e».
the care that she took to ta"*^":
able bed. not to yleid to ¦«P er 2 u f 0 J U n- se l h a t
tiveness. and all the other details that
had shocked and surprised Frederiqm..
were only obedience to the orders of the
Mother Superior, anxious that the healtn
of her daughters should not be exhausted
too quickly, that the terrible mortality
of religious communities might spare
them ai least until the normal period,
when, as Sister Odile said. "God called
them to him early."
A little. beyond Etampes the sister, hay
ing kissed her crucifix a last time again
settled down In the corner of the carriage,
closed her eyes and fell asleep almost im
mediately. The lamp overhead was light
ed Outside was the thick humid dark
ness of autumn. Frederique lo , w^ d - 4he
window a little and shaded the lamp. She
had no wish to sleep. .She had lost her
regular slumber of former times long ago.
She wished to recapitulate, in the sooth
ing calm of this rapid flight through the
darkness, what she had to do once she
were back in Paris.
She was going to Daisy and £ lr™tf-
Oh! how she longed, in union with those
two unselfish, devoted and courageous
women) to recommence the Work, and.
like birds whose nest has been destroyed
by the storm, like the tree whose branches
have been pruned, to put put fresh
boughs, to build the nest again bravely
and faithfully. After a very short period
of distress, when Lea deserted them.
Frederique had realized' that Pirnitz
Bpoke truly, that her duty and salvation,
and also the remedy for despair, necessi
tated an obstinate recommencement of
tho Work. To rebuild that which the
coalition of masculine interests had de-
Btroycd was still possible. Forty thou
sand francs would be at their disposition
by the liquidation of the security deposit
ed for the school. Qulgnonnet had noti
fied Pirnitz of this in M. Duramberty s
name. The sum appeared sufficient for a
modest school.
"If we be ignored," eald the apostle,
"we shall not be so much exposed to at
tack L«t us profit from the cruel lesson.
We will rent an apartment, and you.
Frederique, 'and I, will teach the children
of the neighborhood, or, at any rate, a
Hrnall number of them. With the money
that we have we can continue in this way
for five years, -and perhaps circumstances
will have become more favorable for us
before then."
Frederique had finished by siding with
Pirnitz. She would have liked to begin at
once, to forget the reverse of yesterday
in the effort of to-day. Alas! there was
Btill an obstacle in her path, a duty to be
accomplished, a step that she must take,
one more urgent than all others It was
a difficult one to take., but. in addition to
the fact that she had promised Daisy
•without giving her any details, and that
Daisy reminded her constantly or her
promise. Frcderlque felt herself con
strained to it by a more imperative voice,
to which she never refused obedience—
the voice of her conscience, which. sala
to her, as formerly, when a child in her
little black alpaca- apron, "You ought to
This measure concerned Germaine Sou-
Germalne, after a severe attack of per
itonitis, was at present a prisoner In the
St. Lazalre Infirmary. The legal investi
gation—interrupted by her illneas and re
commenced after her cure— had resulted
in a decision, according to journals usu
ally well Informed, that she was guilty of
premeditated murder. This meant that
Bhe would be referred to the chamber des
mises en accusation and. doubtless, sent
up for trial before the Assizes. Ger
maine's lawyer. M. Renouard. was of the
opinion that her cause before a Jury was
compromised. The Parisian Jury, made
up of tradesmen and minor citizens, has
not much tenderness for. anarchical doc
trines. Now. by a kind of fatality, all
the papers of revolutionary tendencies
had taken up Germaine's cause and pre
sented her mad act as a sort of heroic
protestation worthy of Charlotte Corday.
On the other >hand. all the conservative
papers had united in an attack against
the prisoner. If not the head, at least the
liberty of the young girl for many years
was in danger. _' .'_'¦•'•
This then, was the step which Freder
ique was meditating, and this was why
she felt a repugnance for it. although she
believed it both efficacious and necessary.
Just as she had now erased Lea from
her heart, she had, while still a child,
blotted out all memory, and even tne
name, of Christine's seducer.
At the same time It had not been pos
sible for her to help hearing from time to
time about the d'Ubzac family; at any
rate. In a general way. Mme. d Lbzac had
died In 1SD7. The banker was still living,
but had retired from business. £ Very old.
but sturdy, he now lived in the Avenue
du Bols de Boujogne In a princely resi
dence that he had built. Henri d'Lbzac
had followed the legal profession since
the time when his autocratic father had
arranged for him to be sent as assistant
judge in South Algeria. Being remark
ably intelligent and energetic, and as
sisted as well by his great fortune and
name, he was appointed, upon leaving
Algeria, after three years of exile there.
Procureur at Mirande. then Chateauroux.
then at Lille, and at thirty years of age
had returned to Pari3 as Assistant Public
Prosecutor. About this period he had
married a Mile, de Llvron-Bastard. be
longing to the old aristocracy of the
Rhone district, but fortuneless. He had
no children. The outbreak of Boulanglsm
in 1SSS found him Public Prosecutor at
Lyons. He had ranged himself decidedly
upon the side of the republican party, a
move that had caused a quarrel with his
wife's family and had created a little
coolness with his ' father. When . order
was restored the Public Prosecutor sent
In his resignation In order to be nomina
ted candidate at the Senatorial election?
six months later. He waa elected ar.U
took his place upon the Left. In 1S94 he
formed; one of the ministerial combination
and was given the portfolio of Justice.
The Ministry existed fifteen months; at
its fall the post of Chief President of the
Cour de Cassation was vacant, and the
former Minister of Justice was appointed
to it. He was then 53 years of age. Since
then he had maintained his important sit
uation both as Judge and as politician.
His reputation was that of an honest, elo
quent, learned, upright man. of rather
moody character and difficult to ap
proach. He was said to be very Influen
tial.
Frederique knew all this. She had never
seen her father, but the portrait of the
"Premier President d'Ubzac." published
in the illustrated papers had several
• times attracted her gaze. lie was youth
ful and robust in appearance, notwith
standing the precocious whiteness of hi3
hair; his Vandyke beard waa going gray.
In his features, his eyes and the outline
of his forehead the young girl could trace
her own resemblance. A sentiment of
proud rebellion seized her before this por
trait, but she felt no tenderness toward
him. If she ever gave a thought to her
unworthy father it was only to confirm
her: in her resolution to maintain a
haughty aloofness with regard to him
The rupture between them was definite.
Nevertheless, she was not ignorant of
the. fact that the President had sought
information about the existence and sit
uation, in life of his daughter upon sev
eral occasions, but the very form of these
attempts irritated Frederfque instead of
disarming her. They betrayed an insult
ing circumspection. They were conducted
officially, so to speak, by, the means at
the disposition of such an' important ner
sonage in thejJudicial sphere. The rirst
one was in 1856. when M. dX'bzac wa*
nominated Chief President, and shortlv
after the departure of the two sisters 'or
London.
¦ Frederique only learned of it after her
return, though the concierge at the Rue
de la Sourdiere. who told her that a well
dressed gentleman, "who looked like a
superior clerk," had asked for informa-
Duyvecke. holding one of Frerterique'3
hands in hers, quickly recovered her cour
age and confidence; and to hear her chat
ter as in olden time?, to bear her affec
tionate and rather prolix idle jrossip. real
ly soothed the youner apostle's heart.
There are hours in life when the simple
presence of an affectionate animal near
one encourages a suffering soul to con
tinue the labor of life?
[Duyvecke told her that, like everybody
else, she had learned from the journals all
the misfortunes that had" befallen tha
work— the financial crisis. Gerraaine Sou
bise's arrest. Daisy's incarceration and
the expulsion of the foundresses by minis
terial decision.
"Dear Duyvecke!"
¦ Frederique kissed the pretty Flemins
upon both cheeks. In the sultry mist oc
that autumn evening. In the moral dis
tress caused by another separation after
so many, she felt gladdened and com
forted by this friendly encounter — one that
she had not expected and that all at or.ee
changed for her the city's welcome.'
"I saw you a few moments ago with
Sister Odile," said Duyvecke. humbly "I
should lfave liked to bid her farewell also
but I did- not dare. You know 1 am not
very daring."
She asked Frederique for permission to
.accompany her as far aa tho Rue de la
Sourdiere. Frederique consented, Joyous
ly, and thp cab bore them away from the
Orleans Station to the Rue du Faubour ¦-
St. Honore. . -
"Yes — I* came. Mile. Plrnlta. whom I
went to see during your absence.- told ma
that you would arrive by this train to
night. So I came In case you should need
me."
The appeal, therefore. wa3 decided upon.
Frederique was going to make It when
Mile, de Sainte-Paraile's death and the
Journey to Poudenatz forced her lor defer
it. The young girl, returning to. Paris,
realized that .the most painful duty now
awaited her. and that she must make
haste. In a newspaper bought at PoJctiera
during the stoppage of the train she read
that the preliminary Inquiry was over,
and that Germaine would be sent, before
the Chambres ties Mises va Accusation
very shortly. " ' ¦ '¦ - ..
The train carrying the . two travelers
back to Paris entered the station at a
quarter to eight. Frederique and Sister
Odile. each carrying her portmanteau,
hastened to send a porter for two cabs.
The evening was damp and a little misty.
Amid the hurry and bustle of tho crowd
of passengers streaming out of the sta
tion the two women bade each other fare
well. -•¦" ¦¦ ¦:-
"You are going, straight to the Eastern
station. Sister Odile?" asked Frederique.
"Yes. My train leaves at 9:30. I believe."
"Well. I wish you from the bottom of
my heart an agreeable journey and a
pleasant retreat among your sisters."
* "I am very glad to be going to them,
paid the nun. calmly.
She drew a little prayer-book, very much
worn, from her pocket, and after having
turned over the Jeaves by the light of a
street lamp took out a little colored en
graving painted upon a translucent sheet
of gelatine. It represented Mount Cal
vary surmounted by a heart of Jesus,
from which emanated golden rays.
"Will you accept this little picture? Our
holy father blessed it three months ago.
Our mother superior sent me two. I gave
the other to mademoiselle."
"Thanks, Sister Odlle,',* said FrederiQue,
deeply touched.
"I have no symbol of my faith to give
her," she thought, "and, besides, what. Is
the use? We are separated by a gulf.
And yet I feel that there la something In
common between, her ideal and mine."
The first of the two- cabs that they had
hailed drew up to the sidewalk. The por
ter, who came with it, said he had only
been able to find that one. and went at
once In search of another. Sister Odile
slightly pressed the hand that Frederique
held out to her and said to the driver,
"The Eastern station."
She again nodded to Frederique and the
cab disappeared In the multitude of ve
hicles.
Frederique remained standing at the
edge of the sidewalk. Her heart was op
pressed. Sister Odile had not occupied
either a large or very important place In
her life or her affections, yet she was a
part of the past, and this past was for
Frederique that which the romance of th*
twentieth year is for other youn^ girls.
The melancholy of time that files impas
sive and dissipates days, and dreams
wrung her heart. "Already almost 30
years of age — and I am further from the
object that I aimed to attain than when I
was only 20."
She perceived all the ungrateful harsh
ness of real life compared to the glory of
her ideal, as a woman submissive to the
reality of a household remembers the
sweetness of her. betrothal. •
In her turn she placed her luggage In
the cab which drew up for her. Just as
she was puttinjr a tip In the hand of tho
porter, a voice behind her said:
"Mile. Frederique!"
She turned, and saw by the light Of a
gas lamp, in the halo of mist, a woman
with a pretty face, a Httle too stout, and
her waist visibly too large. •
"Duyvecke! You hore?" *?>*g8
The young woman bowed her head, and
stammered:
The apostle replied without hesitation:
"Nothing constrains you morally to do
bo. But I, who know you so well, am cer
tain of two things. The first is, that you
do not risk the least particle of your dig
nity in going to see M. tl'L'zbac: for this
time it is not about the material inter
ests of the school, but about a question
of humanity and justice. And I know,
also, that if you abstain from doing it
you will suffer cruel regret the day. Ger
maine's condemnation la pronounced."
"Oh, Romalne! I pray you, help me to
decide what is my duty. Ought I to go
and see ray father?**
"Perhaps," Frederique could not help
thinking, "I might have done something
to prevent these catastrophes."- ¦ . •
When the papers announced the gloomy
aspect of Germaine's affair. Frederidue.
impelled by her conscience, consulted Pir
nitz again. .
Feeling this sentiment of scornful con
tempt, nothing less than the rude shocks
suffered for some months had been neces
sary to bring Frederique to consider the
idea of a direct appeal, to her father— tho
expulsion of the toundresses from- the
school. Germaine about to be tried In th»
Assize Court.
Instead of that, she divined the waver
ing desire of a man. possessing all the
gifts of fortune but without legitimate
children, weary of his fortune and seeking
in a long forgotten paternity new pleas
ures and emotions. But. even while seek
ing them, he tried to conciliate them with
the necessities of hi3 rank, would risk
nothing, compromise nothing.
"Ah! he has not changed?. He Is still
the same egoist who ruined the home of a
poor old professor and of a young Inno
cent working girl. He Is the worthy son
of the. banker who believed he paid for
tha honor of my mother with forty thou
sand francs and a husband with a tarn
ished reputation." - ' :.~>
The only measure' that she would have
excused would have been a loyal, personal
visit from President d'L'bzac. Her mind
was too just not to admit and approve
the persistence or even the taray awaken
ing of remorse in the man's heart, and if
this remorse had been expressed to her,
face to face, she would have offered her
hand to her father, would have said to
him. /'I forgive you, but do not offer me
either money or protection. 1 will havo
neither!" ¦ .
The last mark of interest manifested to
ward Frederique was a letter recently
written to Mile, Heurteau by the same
secretary. M. d'Ubzac's name- was not
mentioned this time, but the writer, bas
ing his offer upon the acquaintance made
the day. of the inauguration, reassured
the mistresses about the probable conse
quences of the Bartlett affair, except so
far as Germaine Soubize herself was con
cerned. All these tentatlves at reconcilia
tion produced exactly the opposite of tha
object which they were intended to at
tain. They irritated Frederique against
him who inspired them". \
"I ask nothing from him: why does he
interfere in my affairs? And if he wishes
to have anything to do with. them, why
all this hypocrisy and caution? Let him
come out boldly and show himself: Is he
afraid of me? Is he afraid of blackmail?"
tion about her. The questioner claimed
to have known Christine Surier and her
grandfather. I>Kay, and gave himself out
as an old friend of the family. Now, tho
Legay-Surier family had no friend an
swering to his description, and Freder
ique, who had learned through the- papers
of her father's promotion, felt intuitively
that It was he who was making inquiries
about her. The second overture was made
several days before the inauguration of
the School of Arts for Women. The press
had cited tho name of Frederique Legay-
Surier among those of the foundresses.
The private secretary of the Senator-
President came to see Mile. Heurteau. th»
official directress, and. without stating
that he came directly from M. d'Ubzac,
ne very adroitly mentioned his name,
said that the enterprise seemed to htm
worthy of attention and sympathy, and
that, if necessary, he should be disposed
to Interest the ruling powers in it. Fred
erique. arranged that nothing should coma
of these propositions. She. with Lea and
Pirnitz, divined the secret meaning of.
them, a meaning that Mile. Heurteau.
and possibly even the secretary, ignored.
And the prudence of M. d'Lbzac's In
quiries again wounded the young girl's
feelings. • ¦
Frederique thought: "That nun's lips
make the same movement as those of Lea,
who is In love; the movement that signi
fies admiration. That is to say, she gives
to her supernatural lover all that ordinary
women offer to their lovers of flesh and
blood; and by that means, being satisfied
and content, she escapes from the law of
servitude that binds our sex. Yes. every
thing demonstrates that the secret of the
Sister Odile awoke when they were near
St. Pierre-des-Corps. The train slackened
its speed and whistled as it passed the
signal. , She awoke without changing her
position, calm und peaceful, as tnougn
sue had never slept, as though. she had
simply closed. her eyes for some time to
pray with - greater devotion. Her gaze
met that. of Frederique and she smiled.
"We are approaching Paris?" she asked.
"Oh; no: we are not yet at Tours, re
plied Frederique. '- T-
"Where do we take tea?' ... , ..
"At Aubrals. I believe, about 4 o clock.
During the; journey Frederique had no
ticed the importance attached by the nun
to her meals. Sister Odile had a keen ap
petite and drank her wine almost unai
luted. At Salnte-Parade's nephew s house
she had even asked for black coffee and
had complained that it was badly made.
She disconcerted her companion by this
mixture of selfishness and altruism, reli
gious stoicism and vulgar attention to ner
comfort. . .
Informed about the hour for the meal,
the nun took up her rosary and began to
recite prayer after prayer. The big blacK
beads, strung on a brass chain, sped along
under her short, dimpled fingers; her lips
moved as she repeated the prayers, or
which only the hissing of the letter s
could be heard. From time to time, at in
tervals regulated by a mysteriou3 devo
tional ritual, she touched the little brass
image of Christ, polished by twenty years
of pious caresses, which was hanging at
the end of the chain, and kissed It.
less, the sun had passed four years of her
Ufa near the poor deceased Invalid. Bis
ter Ocui©, who had assisted at the flr»«
steps of the work, who had received Mile,
de Salnte-Parade's confidences, had never
asked Frederique for any news or tne
school, had never inquired about the mis
tress whom she no longer saw— about Lea.
And this discretion, although Frederique
preterred it. had pained her, it bore sucn
a resemblance to indifference.
"What sort of a soul is hidden und« r
that -violet gown and. under that wjute
veil? What does she love? What does
she hope for? Is she really so free from
all human passion that nothing touches
her. that nothing interests her?"
She decided to question her before they
separated for all time, to discover the se
cret of that strange souk
THE SUNDAY CAIiI*
her for her mission; nothing, not even suf
fering, for she haU loved a man. and she
had confirmed herself in her hidden sor
row. With what joy she had consum
mated the sacrifice of her love! How she
had cherished her renunciation, her self
devotion to a life void of all joy other
than attachment to her ideal!
To-day, on the eve of becoming more
than a young woman — she had Just en
tered her twenty-sixth year— she was wit-"
ncsslng the destruction of all that had
been realized for a moment • among all
her dreams. The 'Work was practically
abolished. The School of Arts for Women
would reopen In the Rile ,des Vergers at
the next scholastic year, under the direc
tion of Mile. Herteau. but It would be an
enslaved school, accepting tho "Compact
of St. Charles." with" tfce Abbe MInot as
moral guide, and the political success of
Jude Duramberty, the protector of the
school,- as object," Instead of feminine
emancipation. So much unselfish effort,
so much trouble; had brought about this
ironical result; the election of a selfish
manufacturer as a Deputy, who should
be half clerical, half socialist.' And the
bitterest feature of all. was that' the sa
cred battalion had been, shattered with
defeat. Frederique had believed It bo
strong, so Infrangible, that grmip of young
women united for the emancipation* of
their sex! Alas! now she could count the
vacant places In : the ranks." There re
mained around Pirnitz not even the little
troop cf Gideon, the troop that lifted up
Its head after drinking of; the water of
the torrent. Duyvecke had been. the llrst
to leave, drawn from altruistic duty, by. a
desire for a more banal tenderness; then
Germaine, excited. by horrible hereditary
influences, had committed a deed of mad
ness,, which had been the death of the
school. Mile, de Salnte-Parade being dead.
Sister Odile was going back to her. con
vent probably completely indifferent to
the grand deeds that had been accom
plished around her. ¦ Mile. Heurteau had
betrayed them through vile personal "am
bition. Daisy Craggs would probably de
vote the .remainder .of -her life - and
strength to Germaine.' And ", only - Fred
erique remained standing by Pirnitz's
Bide!
xhere was one name, among those of
the apostles who formerly used to. sit
around the council table in the Sainte-Pa
rade residence, thai Frederique would not
utter when she counted the absentees and
the deserters. It was the name of Lea.
To have seen her betray them and .leave
them in her turn had been' too heavy a
blow for the elder. * She had erased - her
name, had extirpated all' memory of her,
like a father who forgets and disowns a
dishonored daugnter.
Oh I that laconic letter.- 60 cold, bo
household cares and maternity; Germaine
became a criminal through the:inner agi
tation of perverted sex, and Lea, brought
up to uebpise arid acorn man— Lea. so
perfectly pure that Frederique and Plr
nitz haa envied ner purity, had been cap
tivated, transformed, by a single kiss
placed upon her lips -by a man. Oh! the
transformation had been slow, it is true,
but Lea had let herself be conquered, and
the conquest had endured in spite of ab
sence. Like those mysterious leprosies
that destroy the fields, masculine Influ
ence had insensibly destroyed the healthy,
vivifying germs formerly planted in her
young soul. Then - one day the change
was complete; another Lea was born.
For a long time this new Lea was hid
den under the exterior of the old one, but
tho silent premeditation disclosed in her
flight; her letter of farewell, so cold and
precise, revealed a new soul, totally dil
ferent from the one Frederique' had
known. What did this coldness resemble?
What family likeness was suggested by
the selfishness of her preparations? There
was a name in Frederlque's thought— the
name of the man who had oppressed her
childhood— the name of Lea s ; father,
Constant Surier. He was taking his ven
geance now, and mournful Christine also
reappeared .to- her -youngest ¦ daughter,
hastening to the masculine yoke, as to
freedom. , .¦'." . f'<* . . .
iuiie. Heurteau. Germaine, Duyvecke,
Lea— they had all. gone; then? , No. Be
.sides Frederique : herself, there was Pir
nitz and Daisy, over whom man had not
prevailed. But'Plrnitz was a Slav; Daisy
had Anglo-Saxon ,i blood in 'her. Celtic
veins. The one and the other belonged
to races in which , the: idea of feminino
emancipation had ' penetrated for, several
generations* and' In .which; social customs
are already; habituated . to this freedom.
How many, years will be necessary in our
old Latin society and how much effort to
emancipate the ; poor serf stooping under
the yoke of the master of countless cen
turies and returning to him always, spite
of emancipatresses? How many troops
would be decimated— like the little troop
raised by Romalne Pirnitz— before the
victorious assault- that should place
woman in the heart of the social, citadel?
"No '; matter,"'- > thought • Frederique.
"Each declinated troop brings the day of
victory nearer. ' And If Daisy; leave us : I
shall. remain bv Pirnltz's side.- The apos
tle's efforts will not have been entirely in
vain." ; ¦;. ¦/ ¦'¦-'. :-
While she meditated in this way the
young girl's glance was fixed unconscious
ly upon Sfster Odile, who was still sleep-v
lne. erect, , against the back of the car
riage, her rosary swinging - between her
knees. . Sister Odile — she, v also, had for
merly sat . around-- the council table with
kind hearted' Sainte-Parade' s general
staff, and without having given m- her
heart to Pirnitz's Instruction Bhe: still re
mained a veritable' noble maiden when. so
many, others had abdicated. Strange girl !
No - sadness had ¦ marked . her • expression
less, reposeful features when the hand
fuls of red Gascon earth had been thrown
unon-tbo coffin In the grave.. Neverthe-
strength of these specially Noble Virgins
Is in the deflection of their loving instinct.
The anecdotes of Saint Teresa and Saint
Marie Alacoque testify to this. They love
an Invisible Man, who was the handsomest
of all the children of men. Oh! is all this
blind faith necessary, then, lor us to be
free? Is It Indispensable that we should
wear away the outlines of an Image of
brasc or stone with our lips?
Frederlque's ¦ pride protested against
such an idea, but, although incapable of
Imitating her, she nevertheless envied the
young woman In her violet sackcloth go
ing over the praises of an invisible Lover.
They took tea at the buffet at Aubrals,
Frederique without appetite. Sister Odile
copiously. As they returned to the train
the. nun regretted that they had so little
time to eat. / She appeared to be In a. good
humor and more loquacious than usual.
Frederique had noticed that she took a
sort of recreation after her, meals, perhaps
conformedly with the customs of her con-,
vent. The Sister began to talk freely
about the long Journey she had still to
make before, attaining her harbor, the Al
satlan convent, of which the mere name,
St. Mary, brought a gleam of joy into her
expressionless face each time she ut
tered It.
"You have never been to Thann?" she
asked Frederique.
"No. Sister Odile."
"Ah! It is a. beautiful country— much
more beautiful than all this," she said
pointing disdainfully to the plains of
Beauce stretching along each side of the
railway. "And St. Mary's Convent Is as
big as a palace. It Is a Gothic building
The chapel alone can contain 1500 people',
like a city church — — "
"Are you glad to return there?." asked
Frederique. ,--.•¦
"Yes, very glad. Just think, it will Boon
be four years— yes, four years— since I left
it. While I have been in Paris nursing
Mile, de Sainte-Paradc, God has called to
him our Mother Superior. 1 have never
seen the present Superior." j
"Shall you remain at the convent now?"
"I don f t:know. The rule is that when
our invalids no. longer. need us we return
to to which we belongand
make a retreat there. After that the Su
perior, sends us, where she chooses. But
the retreat is perfect happiness."
¦ :>he pressed her crucifix to her bosom
with her hands. Frederique realized that
during the -three years 'Of : minuter care
necessitated by Mile, de Salnte-Parade tho
nun had -been sustained by the hope of
this spiritual joy— a, retreat to her con
vent.-; . . ¦ •*• •
VHowsad It must be," -murmured the
young girl, "to see some being upon whom
you ' ; have lavished , so much care > taken
away from _you. :. And ; yet : that ' is all your
life, Sister Odile. It is a very meritorious
one."-: >'• ?/ ;.';, '¦ ¦ " '¦ " .'"•.. -- -"•
"Oh." said Sister Odile, simply, "I have
always had a liking fox nursing invalids.
Even before I ¦. began my novitiate at
Thann I - used to nurse sick people • and
watch by their bedside every time I found
an ¦ opportunity. It is a taste, like any
Lea
6
Synopsis of Preceding Chapters.
"JakeJhis £e11er io 2/ Rue de la Sourdiere."THE SUNDAY CALL*
7come Is limited you might better fion
neatly mended, correctly cut. good qual
ity gloves than a new pair of poor Ehape
and .qualit".
Do net wear evening or dress gloves ex
cept In the evening or on dressy occasions.
It seems to have become a cus-tota to wear
a fresh pair of delicate gloves on some
Important occasion. When they becono
Elightly soiled or hnve b?en cleaned they
are used for less Important times, and a
thoroughly soiled glove appears to be
*'good enough to run out In or to wear
shopping." This is thoroughly bad taste
IT not bad form. For traveling, walking
*.ti& chopping wear a medium heavy glove
matching the costume or a stout English
glove of Ecir.o neutral ehade. This will
prove more economical than always pur
chasing dress gloves, which when once
colled are hacked out so quickly and look
eo elovenly.
Do not try to make the hand look email
by wearing a tight glove. In selecting a
The first wearing molds the glove, to tho
hand tmil decides Its future appearance.
Be careful to get the fingers straight and
work them gently on. little by little, each
in turn. Then put one finger In the palm
nnd. by pressing outward, adjugt the hand
part. The thumb follows, and when the
seam on the' outside of the hand is even
and smooth the glove may be buttoned or
clasped.
Do not wear kid gloves without sprink
ling powder in them if your hands are
Inclined to perspire, . •'
Do not take a glove eft carelessly if you
desire it to last well. In taking gloves off
turn the wrist over the fingers and draw
until- the fingers are half uncovered, then
the finger ends may be loosened by the
tips. This makes It an easy matter to
readjust the glove right side out. It Is a
good plan to breathe In a glove after tak
ing It off. It preserves the softness of the
kid by quickly drying any. Blight moist
ure. JlMiHBwHflnflnHlMnk- ¦
A Princess Who Is Raised in
"Homely Dutch Fashion."
The Princess Victoria, the only daughter
of the Emperor and Emprees of Germany.
Is being brought up in a homely Dutch
fashion. The Emperor said: —±±-±±-^£_
"I could wish no better, for the men of
my nation than that the girls of Germany
should follow the example ' of their ' Em
press and devote their lives, as she does,
to the cultivation of the three great K's—
Kirche, Kinder, and Kuche." *
And It may be readily understood that
a woman whose life is bound by church,
and he has been so guarded from outside
influences that ho is said to be very boy
ish. Next year he will go to Bonn and
take his place as a full lieutenant In the
imperial army. So fond are the German
people of their young Prince that his pho
tographs are sold by the thousands.
Clara Morris to the One Who
Would Be an Actross.
"A "Word of Warning to Young- Act
resses" is uttered in the May Century by
Clara Morris, one of the most successful
actresses America has produced, and
author of "Little Jim Crow," "The Silent
Singer," etc. :
\I know, ' she says, -of but three powers
that can open the stage door to a girl who
comes straight' from private life— a for
tune, great influence or superlative beau
ty. With a large amount of money a girl
can unquestionably tempt" a 'manager
whose business is not too good to give her
an engagement. If influence is .used It
must indeed be of a high social order to be
strong enough to affect favorably the box
olllce receipts, and thus win an" opening
for the; young;debutante. As for beauty.
It must be something very, very, remark
able that. will on-lts strength alone secure
a girl an engagement."; Mere/: prettiness
will not do -.nearly all American* girls are
pretty. It, must be'a radiant and compell
ing; beauty, and everyone, knows \ that
there are no t ¦ many such beauties, stage
struck or otherwise. ...••. • V
You will: say good-by to mother's pet
ting; you will live In your, trunk. The
time-will come. when in that poor hotel
trunk (so called to distinguish it from the
trunk that goes, to the. theater, when you'
are traveling or 'en; route), with; its dents
and scars,, will'be the 'only. friendly object
to. greet .you.in. your -desolate boarding
house, "-with its' one wizened, unwilling
gas burner,, and its -outlook, upon back
yards and cats. -or roofs and sparrows, Its
sullen, hard-featured ;bed, ; Its despairing
.carpet; for, *you see, you will not have the.
money that might take you. to the front of
the. house and four burners. Rain or
shine/you.wlll^havo to make your lonely,
often ; frightened, way to and from the
. theater. . ; . . _...'.
... '- At J rehearsals : - you * will have to ¦ stand
about, wearily waiting hours, while others
rehearse foyer, and over again; their, more
important: scenes; yet you may, not leave
"for a walk or a chat, for you do not know
at ,what moment : your; v scene';' may : j be
.called. You will \ not ? be,< made ; much -of.
. You \ will receive" a ''Good - morning" / < or
"Good evening'^* from the company, prob
ably. nothing • more. . If ¦ you are : traveling,
: you i will s . literally.- live in" your £ hat '-}. and
cloak. . .You will breakfast in taem many
Napoleon Used Bran and
Lemon Instead of Soap.
British critice of the Boers are fond of
asserting -that the sturdy Transvaalers
use liftle soap. ¦
Tliis may: be true or not. Even if true,
there is plenty of precedent. The Japan
ese, the most cleanly people in the world,
rarely use soap. .. The Russians use vapor
baths for cleanliness' sake. Rough inside
clothing cleanses the skin. There are
doctors who have cured skin diseases by
insisting upon their delicate patients
abandoning silk underwear and- using
very coarse stuff Instead.
Napoleon, whose hands were good to
model and. beautifully white, used bran
and lemon juice and no soap, unless to
shave. • v • . '
.In England, on account of coal smoke
and smut, soap is more needed/ than In
countries with clear air.
Many fashionable "ladles of to-day, who
would be much offended, if they wers
called barbarous or uncivilized, never use
soap. They grease themselves with vase
line and such stuff and carefully rub It all
off asaln.
Woman Responsible for the
Loss of Many Battles.
Many as thft cases are of battles won
through the agency of women, of the type
of Bcadicca and Joan of Arc, there can be
no denying the fact that equally numer
ous, If not more so, are those of. victories
spoiled by the fair eex and of battles lost
owing to feminine machinations.
There are many, says Tit-Bits, who as
sert that failure of the Jamoson raid at
the outset was brought about by
women. President Kruger is in the habit
of employing^ countless detectives, both
male and female, in the Transvaal as well
as abroad. The barmaids of Johannes
burg, for example, were said to be in the
pay of Oom Paul. These ladies, by means
of their propensities for extracting confi
dences, are alleged to have wrung from
Eome of the raiders long before the raid
itself was entered upon the fact that it
was forthcoming. The consequence was
that when It came about Cronje was fully
prepared.
France can point to a number of cases
In .which victories connected with the re
public have been spoiled by, women, and
the whole course of events changed In
consequence. For example, the fall of
General Boulanger was brought about by
a member of the fair sex. But for the
Vicomtesse de Honnemain there is the
chance that ho might have become the
ruler of France. " The lady induced him 1 to
pay her a visit on the night of his election
as a member of the Chamber of Deputies,
v/hen, , had he refrained ; from so doing!
end instead marched upon the Elysee, as
his partisans begged him'' to do, the his
tory of the republic might have been en
tirely altered.
: Somewhat slmlla^is the Old World case
of Hannibal, whose wife was the uninten
tional cause of his fall and the failure of
his 'once successful; armies. The great
general was so foolish" ns to marry .when
he should have beendevoting all his time
to the conuuet of .military affairs. His
troops became' utterly demoralized dur
ing the period of his honeymoon, with the
result that, they were rendered quite un
fit for. arduous service; and' never re
gained their former standard of discip
line., ¦. ¦; ¦¦ *
Again. In thislconnectlon.- there is the
Case of James IV; of Scotland, .who Is said
to have lost the battle of Flbdden Field
through a woman. It is argued that if the
King - had seized the opportunity given
him of occupying, a favorable position
wherein to meet" the i English -forces the
battle that ensued might have had a very
different ending. -But James lingered at
the castle of a titled lady whose s charms
had captivated him; and so It was that the
southern troops were allowed an 'opportu
nity of choosing a suitable position, which
could never ; have been; secured had' the
monarch not hesitated. The lady was a
certain nobleman's .wife named Heron
and was very beautiful.; : .
The noted Russian . general. Paranoff
was found guilty, of treason and sentenced'
to death a year or- two ago; thanks to a
\roman, one of his own ; family,
• The alarming increase of juvenile crim
inals in "Germany is puzzling the legisla
tors. \In 1SS5 the Juvenile offenders num
bered 30,41.-., lue total rising' to .43,304 in
ISM, and to 47,075 in 1S9S..- The increase of
all criminals in 1SDS over the- preceding
year was 3 per cent, an increase dispro
portionate to. the growth of population.
The juvenile criminals, however. : In
creased alarmingly.' the number' in 133S be
ing 6 per cent over that oMSDT. •
5EATED in the pleasant ground-floor
room of her cozy home on Norwood
avenue, in which she does her writ-
Ing, Mrs. Charles Ilohlfs (Anna
K&therine Green) told a friend to-day
how she l^gan the production of the re
markable scrios of •criminal romances"
which have made h^r one cf the most
widely read fiction writers of the present ,
<3av.
Her passion for writing first mani
fested itself when she was literally a
mere child, but her earliest literary am
bitions were all in the direction of verse.
Indeed, a complete c-litlon of her books
¦would include a volume of poems, first
publirhed some years ago. and fairly suc
cessful, though not to be compared with
i her stories. She began to write In rhyme
and measure when only seven or eight
Some Points Concerning the Wearing of Gloves
Also the Right and Wrong Way to Put Them On
mjST women do not realize the
importance of the glove. An 111
fittir.g or inappropriate glove can
mar the effect of an entire cos
tame. It is unfortunate that there
ehould be so much carelessness in con
nection with that .ir:ic!c of dress which
has held so revered a piace in romantic
history. Gloves have been the symbol of
power, the gage of defiance and the to
ken of love, and now they have dwin
dled to a necessary adjunct of dress
which 5n the majority of cases is treated
with the Htne consideration as a poor
relation— anything is good enough! But
women's carelessness of detail in regard
to hand covering is noticed and com
mented upon to an <?xtcnt which, if the
fair woarors only realized it. would cre
ate a revolution in glove wearing.
There are many "do'nots" which are
applicable to glove wearing:
Do i;ot tuy cheap gloves. If your ln-
glove he sure the fingers are long enough
and that the button or clasp fastens at the
juncture of wrist and hand and not on the
palm. It is best to purchase from differ
ent dealers until gloves perfectly suiting
the hand of the wearer are discovered,
and then give that 'dealer all your trade.
Promiscuous glove buying is as bad as
promiscuous shoe buying.
On the other hand, do not wear gloves
too large. The baggy backs, wrinkled
fingers and slouchy wrists do not give
that refinement of appearance which all
women covet.
Do not wear a glove with a button off or
a rip in some seam, thinking it will not
be noticed. Such a defect Is glaring to
strangers and friends. Almost any store
will have any gloves which have been
bousrht from them properly mended for a
trifling sum. and the gloves look much
better than when mended at home.
Do not put a new glove on carelessly.
you see first that Is the right answer.
Look again and perhaps you will -be sharp
enough to see that one and one and one
make not three, but seven.
yond a doubt the framework of more
than one of her later works was then
planned and set up, destined' to forgetful
ness for years, but ultimately to be of
great use.
At 15»she was sent to the Ripley Female
College in Vermont and her school duties
occupied her time and energy until after
she was graduated. Then she returned to
This Ie the Crown Prince
of Germany.
The Crown P'rince of Germany, whose
coming of age was celebrated with great
state and ceremony the other day, is said
to be immensely popular from one end of
the empire to .the otner. He Is fair of
face, rather slim, is sm.-'" "»<•«» his father
years old, and her brother, three or four
years older, who owned a toy printing
press and font of type, used to take great
delight in setting up and printing her girl
ish productions, the two children playing
"author and publisher" to their own great
satisfaction and the infinite amusement of
the older members of the family. Most
of the impressions from the boy's little
machine have lcr.s since been destroyed,
but ' Mrs. Rohlfs has preserved a few,
which she sometimes shows to her inti
mate friends. They were all short, and
most of, them were inspired by the beau
ties of nature— the fragrant flowers, the
blue sky. the fleecy clouils. the j bright
sunshine, etc. One cntltle'd "The Mar
riage" had for its theme, not «i wedding,
but the meeting of day ami night at the
moment of dawn.
After a. while her pieces of verse were
longer and more ambitious, and by and
by.-' the narrative element crept into
them. .Then, on the advice of her step
mother, the young girl attempted a story
in prose, over which she labored long and
earnestly, only to destroy It at last as al
together unworthy. Yet it must have had
some merit, for. as she now remembers
it. the plot contained ihe germs of "The
Leavenworth Case." which was the solid
foundation of her present fame. Though
neither she nor any one else was aware
of it at the time, that period of her life
was an important link in her mental de
velopment. Slie seemed- fairly possessed
with the impulse to construct stories, and
much of the time. which sha would other
wise have devoted to play was given up
to lonely walks, during which she told
long. and ingenious tales to herself.. Be-
children and kitchen will train her daugh
ter in domestic virtues.
The little Princess knows nothing of
pomp, luxury or self-indulgence. She gets
up at C o'clock In the morning, and until 1
'O'clock, the hour when the imperial fam
ily dines, is busy with her tutors. Her
mind and body are carefully watched over
by her mother. Her play hours arenas
systematically arranged', as' her study
hours. There were already six sons when
this little daughter was born to the house
of Jlohenzollern, and the coming of a baby
sister was a happy-event. There is row
ing on the lake with her brothers, riding
on her pet pony, picnicking in the woods
of the park and long botanizing expedi
tions, with her mother as a companion,
through the beautiful. grounds that sur
round the palace at Potsdam.*
Trincess Victoria has an Intense love for
animals. She has pets of many kinds
dogs, a big white cat. birds, fish, squir
rels and rabbits, and it is her daily delight
to feed them with her own hands. She is
a quiet, amiable, affectionate little girl,
with much of her mother's sweetness; of
nature.— Harper's Bazar.
man, despite her calling, which in a sense
Is a subordinate consideration with her.
When she is writing, however, she devotes
herself very closely to the work, begin
ning at 9 o'clock in the morning and
sometimes writing or recasting well! into
the night, after the regular evening's
reading has been accomplished. It takes
days to adjust herself to a new piece of
work, but once she has begun, nothing
can drive it out of her mind. This does
not mean that everything else must give
way to the story; indeed. she often acts
as hostess or as guest and goes out to en
tertainments and social functions while
she is writing a piece of fiction, the same
as at other times. But whatever she does
she never lets go of the thread of her
story, and thus in a way she almost leads
a double existence from the beginning of
the work to its finish.
There are three children in the Rholfs
family: Rosamond, J5; Sterling, 13. and
Roland, 8. Out of study hours t~ey spend
Find Seven Babies in This
Picture if You Can.
One and one and one make three «ny
one would say upon glancing at this pio
ture of the fine little boys. It Is not what
FASHIONS AND.
OTHER MATTERS
MORE OF^ ;
LESS FRIVOLOUS.
<V FAVORTfE AUTHORESS
TSUUS OF HER
AS A WRITER
her home in Brooklyn, where she at once
set about the collection and revision of
her verses. Having accomplished that
task she tried to find a publisher, but
failed. Then the suggestion that she turn
from poetry; to fiction was renewed. ¦•
Remembering that' in a previous effort
she had failed to please herself, the young
writer- hesitated a lon^.tinys before tak
ing tho offered advice. At last, however,
. she concluded to make the attempt, and
from that time till a date quite two years
later she lived in a little world of her
own. She had .the plot all mapped out
before she began, but it had to be changed
and modified as the work progressed, and
much of the writing had to be done over
and over ngain. Thus chapter after chap
ter was recast and rewritten, and on sev
eral occasions she felt sorely tempted to
burn the manuscript and forget It. It
was not until | the story was two-thirds
written that she dared say anything
about it to any one.
Then she showed the copy to her father,
who read it, saw that she had struck a
vein, and encouraged her to finish the
tale, albeit he suggested many modifi
cations. \ These the daughter accepted
without question, for her father was a
lawyer, and his suggestions were all
along the line of practicality, logical de
velopment and conformity to the legal
technicalities. in the part3 which had to
do with the courts.
"I felt grateful to my father for his
kindness in helping me," says Mrs. Rohlfa
when talking of the circumstances now,
"but I must confess that the way he tore
some of my most cherished construction
all to pieces was almost disheartening.
However, I reconstructed and pieced to
gether the parts which he had condemned,
and set about completing my work. I had
already written about 100,000 words, and
the story seemed to me not more than
half developed, but as my father warned
me against .making it too long I com
pressed the remainder, and when at last
the manuscript was completed the story
exceeded 130,000 words by only a few hun
dred. S
-"I was. then eager to take the copy to a
publisher, but my father suggested that it
ought to berevised again, and by a judge.
So to a judge of our, acquaintance the
copy was taken, and he waded .through
it most patiently. I say this advisedly,
for, as it then stood, the manuscript of
'The Leavenworth Case' was the strang
est looking mass of paper you- ever saw.
You sec. 1 had written part of it at home
In Brooklyn, part of It at the seashore,
part of it in the mountains and other
parts wherever I had chanced to be as a
guest, on Journeys and so on. I had pro
cured my paper and ink from the nearest
dealer in every case, without a thought of
uniformity. Chromatically the copy was
more like Joseph's coat of many colors
than anything else I can compare it to,
for some of the paper was white, some.,
blue, 'some pink and some buff. But the
Judge made^ no comments on the motley
appearance of the manuscript and was
very encouraging in his. report on the
work as a whole. It had held his interest
from first -to -last, he said, and the only
technical criticism that he could offer was
on my use In one place of the word
'equity.' So far as the word's ordinary
meaning was concerned I had used It
properly, but it had a significance in legal
parlance which I had failed to grasp.
"Wall, I fixed up the word 'equity' and
took the much scarred manuscript to the.
head of a well-known publishing house.
He didn't mind the appearance of the copy
—though I'll confess I'd hesitate to offer
&uch manuscript to any one nowadays—
and had it read. He warned me, though,
that 150,000 words was altogether too long,
and. further, that he wasn't very hopeful
that a story of the sort I had described
to him, particularly If written by a
young woman, would please the public
at all. i^Cv
"The reports of the readers were fa
vorable In the main, but the publisher
would not regard them as conclusive.
'Now.' he said, 'you cut out 50,000 words
and then get Rosslter Johnson to read It.
If he reports favorably we'll Lring out
your book.* It had been hard enough to
write the story In the first place, but It
was harder still -to cut out one-third of
what had cost me so much time and ef
fort, but I shut my eyes, so to speak, and
after several days of hard work the ex
cisions were performed.
"Mr. Johnson, as it chanced, was a
friend of our family, and, though a very
busy man, he was willing to pass on the
story. He came to our house in Brook
lyn for that purpose, and in view of the
condition of the copy I volunteered to
read it to him. So he settled himself
comfortably in his chair and I began. He
said that if It were very bad I needn't
read it all, and, though he Bald it mow,
as a joke than anything else, this filled
me with a terror that can be more easily
understood than described. After I had
read two or three chapters I noticed with
alarm that his eyes were closed, and,
thinking- that possibly he might have
fallen asleep through sheer lack of in
terest, I stopped. There was a pause of
opening his eyes, he eaid the one word,
'Morel' So I went on till midnight or
later, when the reading was suspended
till next day. After it was all read Mr.
Johnson wa? good enough to give, the
story his approval. In due time the book
came out, and that is how I made my
start as a story writer."
All the manuscript Mrs. Rohlfs writes
now !s read aloud, as was that of "The
Leavenworth Case," but the author is
rarely the reader. When she is producing
a story she devotes the major part of tho
day to the work, writing rapidly for sev
eral hours, after which she devotes some
time to correction. In the evening, when
the lamps havebeen lighted, she and her
husband and the governess of their chil
dren gather, about the table in her writ-
Ing rocra, Mr. Rohlfs reads and the others
listen, until one of the three has a criti
cism to make. In the nature of things,
the criticisms are oftenest made by the
author herself, and she is constantly mak
ing notes of the way the story strikes her
as the reading progresses. At the same
time she plans the work of the coming
day, .and in the pauses Mr. Rohlfa goes
over the finished copy and crosses the t's
and dots the l's.
Mrs. Rohlfs is" essentially a home wo-
and many' a 'time, -you" 1 will dine In. them
regularly, that you may rise at once and
go to the theater or car. You will see no
one, go nowhere,.
If you are in "earnest, you will simply
enduro the first year— endure and study —
and all for what? That, after dressing in
the corner farthest from the. looking
glass, In a dismal room you would scarce
ly use for your housemaid's brooms and
dusters at home, you may stand for- a
few moments in the background of some
scene, and watch the leading lady mak
ing the hit in the foreground. Will these
few well-dressed, well-lighted, music
thrilled moments repay you for the loss
of home love, home comfort, home star
dom?
We are not the radiant, winged crea
ture's, we actors, that so many flighty
young stage-struck girls think we are.
Our wings only unfold In the calcium
light; in the daytime we are merely hard
working, every-day men and women,
with, here and there, one who carries the
magic wand . of imagination, at whose
waving all sordklness disappears, and
who bears lightly the trials and tribula
tions of this truly hard life.
much of their time in the writing-room of
the author and much In the studio, where
their father constructs the chairs and ta
bled and other artistic articles of house
hold use and adornment that nave at
tracted the attention of those who appre
ciate such things. Each of the children
has already displayed special aptitude in
a special line. Rosamond and Sterling are
artistic, the girl showing greater prefer
ence for color and the boy -for drawing
and -modeling in clay. Roland.' the young
est, seems to have inherited both the
dramatic and mechanical likings of his
father, and all three children take delight
in the cultivation of growing things, in
which thfy are encouraged by their moth
er, herself an expert gardener and a sci
entific botanist. - .
Mrs. Rohlfs is a deeply religious woman,
who believes faith should be chiefly mani
fested in works, and there are many in
Buffalo whose worldly success has not
been marked that can testify to her prac
tical charity and helpfulness.
A Few Recipes for Making Glace
Fruits, Candies and Other Confections
No box of assorted candies is complete
¦without some glaced fruits. For this, the
syrup should be handled differently. Take
the same proportion of sugar and water,
but boil the liquid until it comes to the
crackling point. Test it by dropping a
little Into cold water. If it is brittle when
cobled it Is ready for the fruit. Take the
.kettle from the hot part of the stove, but
set it where it will keep warm. Dip can
dled cherries, grapes or Brazil nuts, or
whatever nut or fruit you may fancy, into
the syrup and then put them on waxed
paper to dry; when quite hard, dip them ¦
a second time. One of the most success
ful home-made qandies is the opera cara
mel, that somehow, takes on a profes- :
sional air. however it may be handled.
Take three cups of granulated sugar and
add to it a cup of cream and a little less
than a saltspoonful of cream of tartar.
Boil this in a double boiler, and as it lias.
no tendency to grain it may be stirred
during the process. Boil until, it may be
easily molded into a soft ball. Then fla
vor with vanilla or chocolate and stir in
chopped assorted nuts; when it gets suf
ficiently cool roll out and cut into cara
mels.
A most delicious confection that Is rare
ly seen is made as follows: Take the
orange rinds that are left over from
breakfast, cut them into strips, removing
carefully- the bitter white pith from the
inside: Put them into crater and boil un
til they are quite tender. Now make a
syrup by putting four ¦ tablespoonfuls of
water to a "cup of sugar. -Place this over
the flre and bring to the' crackling point,
then put in the orange strips and cook foi
five minutes. Remove from the stove and
leave the rinds in the syrup until it coola;
then drain on sieve and roll in granulated
susar. Placed in a dainty box lined with
silk paper this dainty confection is most
acceptable. _ :
Delicious "maple creams: Take a quart
of maple syrup made from pure maple
sugar. Cook the syrup until a little drop
ped on ice will thread— not wax, as It
must not be too hard. ' Kemove from the
stove; then put In two tablespoonful3 of
cream and beat long and thoroughly until
the whole is a soft white mass;, mold
these into small cones or drop Into th.a
cornstarch molds.
MATTERS THAT ARE OF INTERES TO WOMEN
the ; call;
8jp^ERRIS HARTMAN* of Tivoll fame
j~ is fated. Insttad of being cast for
;"•;» a pnrt opposite some grand opera
voiced soprano or some fluttering
cpubrette. as thp other fellows are, he Is
how being mads to play opposite a don-
His beautiful .nature is shown In the
way he accepts his fate. Instead of tak
ing It o'Jt on the unwilling subject of his
annoyance, cs a great many people do, he
iscts cbout makins the poor donkey be
liev« he Is wanted. He does it all with
raspberry syrup. ¦
Before he learned about the syrup he
bad some trouble.
A subject -which Is tabooed with him Is
his experience with a donkey on the Tlv
oli stage, when he played the leading role
of All Baba in the comic opera "Indigo."
Mr. Hartnran had to make his first en
trance on the stage as AH Baba ridlnj:
on a donkey. The animal had been care
fully rehearsed and was declared "letter
perfect" by the stage manager of the
Tlvoli. But on the first night of the pro
duction the stage hand who had been
detailed to lnok after the donkey forgot
•to £lve him the liberal' supply of sugar
Footed Helper
&y Methods y^y
Unique to
PTajy ' a : Staf Part.
"Bummer" who is at the other side of the
stage, takes up the cue and crosses over
to Hartman and sentimentally shows he
at least Is a friend by licking the come
dian's forehead.
The audience wonders how the sninial
Pohl assures us that such a belief Is en
tirely erroneous. He has made many care
ful measurements of hair, and he Bays
that during the ¦ twentieth year of one's
life the growth does not j exceed fifteen
millimeters end that during the sixtieth
TO TRAIN A DONKEY FOR A LEADING THEATRICAL ROLE.
has been fo I rained, but tl.t secret is that
when Hartrr.au speak3 the line he rubs
his forehead with a little oV the rasp
berry, syrup, end presto "Bummer" car
ries on the business of the play. •
. "Bummer" spent three hours in front
of the camera, and Hartman and VDoc"
Leahy being satisfied with the rehearsal,
the last view secured by the photographer
was when the manager and the comedian
invited "Bummer" to take a drink, to
celebrate the end of an arduous re
hearsal. • -
¦ m ¦ .. <
Some Gccontric I/Sounds.
Kot yet have medical men -and .the pub
lic generally ceased to wonder at the na
ture of the wounds inflicted by the mod
ern bullet.* A soldier may die of blood
poisoning caused by the scratching of his
hand on the lock of his gun, buthe may
be bored through and through by the en
emy's bullets and after a week or two in
the hospital come out as well and fit as
the man who fought and ran away, and
thereby lived to fight day. Sir
William MacCormac?; the great English
surgeon, who has.,, been in the field in
South Africa, describes for the Lancet
some especially 'Interesting cases of re
cent gunshot: wounds.". At Spion Kop a
major had a shell. wound in the head fiva
inches long, and three ; Inches wide, ex
tending from behind the": left ear to the
nape: of the neck.-.; The skull was exposed
behind the ear- for a circle the size of a
quarter dollar. ".Then a bullet' hit him ; in
the left side of the back and went straight
across," coming out oil the other side: For
a few days he lost power, in his legs, but
In three weeks from the day of the battle
he was^dolng well.
In the. same battle a private was hit
just above the left nostril, the bullet com
ing out behind the right ear. He Is deaf
In this ear, but otherwise he says he feels
perfectly well.
Another private received a bullet ln'th*
right side. of his neck, on a level with hii
chin, and it:' came, out at the
ing point; on . the other, side . of. the neck.
He bled freely, ' but ¦ both wounds healed.
At first there was paralysis of both arms,
but that gradually Is disappearing. - .'
"Still another private took his bullet ex-,
actly in the breastbone, two inches below
me top. The missile departed by way of
the ' back part * of - the upper right arm.
The wounds healed, and Sir ."William asks,
¦VHpwdld the crcat vessels escape?"
No one can predict the devious path of
a modern bullet. There was the case of
a private -who wm hit on the outer part
of the left elbow. The bullet went throusrh
the arm. coming out en the Inside at tn«
bend, and then parsed Into the cheat,
leaving the man finally at the back of th#
neck ..figKgW&agMBggfte'aEB >¦", '¦-
vh!ch he had always received at rehear-
Fa'.s. Mr. Hartman rode the animal upon
the stage, and directly in the center of
the boards the donkey refused to move.
Coaxing failed to Etir him, and when
Kartnsan jabbed him with his feet the
donkey retaliated by rearing up on his
bird feet and throwing Hartman In a
heap near the footlights.
The audience roared with laughter, and'
after that experience the comedian was
always ' satisfied, to advance only a few
feet from the "wings" when on the don
key's back. / . " '
Now the cruel. man. who wrote the book
of- "The Three Guardsmen** assigns a
companionable donkey. to Planchet, D'Ar
..tagnan's servant, and the still more cruel
Ftage director assigns the part of Plan
chet to Teddy. ; ; V; . : . -.'-V.-V.
But he does not Intend to have any
.more difficulties. He has Becured "Bum
irer" to play the part of his friend and
he is cultivating "Bummer's" good will
at every rehearsal.
This dcr.key is the property of Frank
Po?t and has been engaged for roles at
the Tivoli. .
The animal's knowledge cf stage busi
ness is a varied one, but vp to a few
weeks ago he was possessed of the worst
temper known to his class. He would eat
sugar by tha handful at rehearsal, and
then being possessor of the sugar he took.
it into his head to balk at the perform
ance whenever he pleased, and nothing
en earth "would induce him to change his
mind. When he appeared in "I'Pag
liaccl" during the last grand opera sea
son at the Tlvoli he almost broke up the
performance one evening 1 by. upsetting the
little cart in which Signor Avedano and
Annie Lichter were being drawn on the
etajre.
Three weeks ago Ferris Hartman un
dertook the task of making /"Bummer" a
careful and trustworthy actor—"trust
u-orihy" in the sense that a donkey has
heels ar.d sometimes is inclined to re
partee hot In the lines — and he has suc
ceeded In making the animal go through
his -part in "The Thiee Guardsmen" each
evening without an error.
On the stage of the Tlvoli Mr. Hartman
Tehearsed "Bummer." The animal was
induced with little trouble to walk, trot,
gallop, fall down and even climb a flight
of stairs at the will of the comedian, and
now. it is known that the donkey wu
broken in by the liberal use of raspberry
syrup.'
The odor of this seems to have a re
markable fascination for him. and as soon
bb Mr. Haxtir.an uncorks the little bottle
in which he carries the syrup "Bummer"
will follow the coniedJan 'all over the
stage.
Seme of the accompanying picture*
ghow how "Bummer" acted in front of
the camera. . .
1 He "balked" when first Invited to enter
the studio, and when Teddy Kartman and
"Doc" Leahy, the Tlvcll's business man
ege*;, pretended to take a tlrink "Bura
xrier*' put his head between them as they
eat -at the table and vigorously objected.
In* cue seem of the comic opera,
pian'chet has to lie on the ground and be
inosn bis friendlessness in the world.
But a little drink of raspberry syrup
madt* "Rummer" behave himself and the
camera secured a pood view of the com
edian as he rides on the back of the
dor.key when he makes his first entrance
in "The Three Guardsmen."
THE SUNDAY CALti.
9
Photos by BushQell.taac« tot Beventy-two "fee't, and not one
mrch, one column, one panel of all this
ZZMt hall Is unflnlflhed. That Involves the
me aSverse crltjclsm that has been made:
earrled out In architecture and decora
tion. The great Inlaid brazen sun In the
floor Is part of the schetne. the flittering
white marble and the high lights are part.
Fulton, Newton and Henry. Religion and
science form the symbolical statues of the
piers' entablatures, iv;
Blashfl eld" s work : Is the moat consplcu-
thrqugn long corridors, and pasi numner--.
less works of art before you. realize what
the* building as a .whole means, whai : Us
plan really, is. After all, it Is as simple
as true American things always are. The .
whole outline lsthat of a rectangle with
a Greek cross within; -the cross' center Is
the reading. room, three of Its arms are.
used as book stacks, _the ¦ fourth Is the
famous entrance. Pavilions ¦ fit into the
four corners between the "arms of .the
cross, and 'these "pavilions : ' hold .some of
the rarest gems of art" in the whole bulldi
Ing. Inside the decorations' ayi lavishly
elaborate; outside the v alls are beautifully
plain," and "only ' the elaborate fountain at
the entrance gives hint of the splendor
within^ Here Perry's court of -Neptune
Ehows what sea fun, must have been like
in the days when tugging bathing suit* ,
and muffling oil cloth caps were superflui
ties arid when sea horses plunged to make
sport of Neptune's followers.
Throughout the library the^ classical
echemehas been carried, out. Mr. Elmei
E. Garnsey has' the whole charge of th«
• decoration, and he is reported to have
: Bald that "what .was: good- enough for
Raphael; and '-Michael -: Angelo ,-';%*.¦¦ rood
enough for the buildings of to-day." Our
age. has^ developed no manner of Its own,'
and Garnsey has not seen fit to carry out
the whims of the time -which seem to be
only . ephemeral. So '. back to th« art of
«e wrougrbt'out his designs of Literature,
Science, ¦ History , and Art. They are" far
above the galleries ' of ' the reading- room -
and the size of the figures la tremendous.
. ¦¦ ¦¦ ¦. ¦ ¦ '.-. • -.. ¦ -¦- i
¦ The entire linim?,' celling, walls and floor
ere of ¦ Italian marble. • Marble columns
.rise In splendid-severity:.until they reach
'* the -arches, where all of a .sudden .they
bloFsom forth into Corinthian designs;
' marble-.foliage "sprea-ds . above' them be-
tweeri- the curves of the .arches, and be-
low, against the-balustrade, droop'carved
testooni. from .ffoo-r to;skylight Is a dls- -
-. :-v
with every nooR and corner of It complete
now, will not opportunities be missed for
the work of younger artists yet to rise?
The decorations of this entrance are foi
the mo5t part the work-of Philip Martlny.
tie ¦ designed the bronze torchbearera of
the'newel posts. Every effect of .the hall
lends to the one conception of splendor, of
brilliant macnlflcence. vbich has been
Even so, they cannot be half appreciated
from the room below.
The pavilion which fits Into the north
east corner of the Greek cross Is called
the Pavilion of the Seals. Various seals
are carried out in the panel designs: the
seals of the Departments of the Interior,
Kavy. War. Treasury. State. Justice.
is complete. America has at last a wotk
of art that will go to the making of tradi
tion.
In an office building In Chicago a 213
pound janitor Is called "Cherub," and an
elevator boy whose weight Is 105 Is known
as "Ox."
fWiEEE is one building In tils Amer-'.
I lea of ours, that belong? to the cen
.. '•'¦j .-tUr.y ahead. It Js the great Library
I of Crrngrc^s in Washington, and It
Ftandp for the best: In American art "
— «o much the .best, j n fact., that it will
take Amrrica p.ome time-ib live up to It,
It Is a great achievement -of hope and
faith and beauty-love, ami it is not- only
one- . -of : America's Fights, but "of .the
•WOTld'jF. . ; ¦";•_' .'.". .' ¦ " ' : V"' "
Once Inside theVcentrad stairhall. the
chances are Jhat it will be; pome time be
fore you -gGf.bcycnd iu If you have stood
at the -foot of the.- giant redwoods, or be
low the towers of the Rockies, you can.
giiess a little bit how' It feels. They are
not made by man, to be sure, but. the awe.
cf looking upon a ..great conception car
ried out Is much the same thing always.
after all, no matter who., the workman.
Critics have' eaul .that no other entrance
tall- In the world can surpass this one.
Postofflce and Agriculture, with tat ¦*¦!
of the United States for a climax, This
taste did not look like a tempting:, on*
when Mr. Van Ingen, the decorator,: be
gan. It appeared to be hampered by neo
esary conventionality of form. But al
though he could not give the loose reta
to fancy that pome of the library's other
artists were allowed, he sought and found
a lavish color scheme that makes the pa
vilion warm and glowing and vivid in
eplte of Its formal theme. Bronze gilding
catches lights and shadows over the wall*
and somehow the peacock colors [ have
worked Into these lights and shadows, and
they flash cut In glimmering green and
gold and violet and blue. '.How was Jit
done? Mr. Van Ingen knows.. • • .' . • • '
From the rotunda where the desks are
and where the book lovers may hover, : out
to the farther corner of the farthejst pa»
vlllon— all Is beautiful, all Is hopeful, all
CRITICS PRONOUNCE OUR
CONGRESSIONAL LIBRARY
THE GREATEST EXAMPLE OF
AMERICAN ARCHITECTURE.
The corridor south of * this hall is In
sharp contrast. It is quiet and thoughtful
and suggestive more of memory than of
pnpmlse. This corridor is dedicated to the
poets, and the work of H. O. Walker is
predominant.
The reading-room, which occupies the
rotunda of the building, is less gorgeous
than the entrance and more massive In
effect. Dane marbles line It: the reds of'
Numidia. the yellow of Siena, all toned
down by the warm shadows of the Tenn
essee stone. Six figures, great in history,
Inspired the statues of the gallery; they
are six of the world's great teachers,-be
ginning with Moses and leading down the
centuries by way cf St. Paul and Solon to
The mural decorations are happy and
brave with the glow of the sun in their
thought. \
ous In the rotunda. Agalf.st. a . high ' mo
saic wall are painted his, twelve figures
representing twelve countries that have
Greece and Rome the sculptors and dec
orators have gone for classical forms, anxt
the types stand for the best In the art of
the ages. ' . ,
. Those in charge of the funds used every
•ffort to get the best works of art that
money would buy— or at least that the
money in hand would buy, and the funrts
were large. Such names as EliUu Verifier,
Konyon Cox, Garri Melcherg ami Carl
Gutherz are among those of the artists
whose work stands prominent on the
walls.
"It was wonderful to watch Mr.' Blash
fleld working on .the celling decorations.
Ladders were arranged fcr h!m. one above
another, for It was a Ions trip to his post
of duty. His workrooms were great scaf«
folds hung high above and arranged V
be shifted as his work demanded. Her
THE SUKDAY CALIi.
10
given great girts to civilization. Egypt
stands for written records and Judea for
religion. Greece typifies philosophy.
Home administration. Islam for physics,
Spain for discovery, and so on to our own
America, which stands to the world as the
leader In science. The wings of these fig
ures overlap and form a great circle Just
below the ceiling.
Above them (16ats the figure of Human
Understanding. Her veil is lifted and she
Is looking onward toward the achieve
ments yet to be. Two cherubs attend her,
one holding the bock of knowledge and
wisdom, tho other beckoning those below
to reach upward, to the heights that his
guiding spirit is attaining.
.You must wander alr»iJ2 Inlaid floors,tions of officers ana my experience have
shown necessary.
Some of.; the/new ships had their boats
built by contract. ' They were good boats,
but they bore the same resemblance to
those turned out by the navy yards that
a. contract-built house does to one con
structed by day's labor.
No boats have been built for the navy
BincolSSS, chififiy because of the inability
of the outside boat builders to properly
understand what la expected. For tha
purpose of, minutely Illustrating and ex
plaining the high standard of design and
construction required by the navy for ita
small boats 'there 'has been printed undet
my, direction by the Government Printing
'Office at Washington a volume of "Stand
ard. Designs for BoatJ3 of the United
States Navy." :ln this book is shown the
detailed- working plan -for every part of
every boat from the 40-foot steam cutter,
which Is. a small man-of-war in: Itself,
down to the. 10-foot punt, which Is . in ap
pearance .almost as . simple as a horse
trough. "\
Yet all are designed with the same, care
and the American sailor can feel that no
matter what bont he is in that it is tho'
best of .its class that floats. \This book
with Its plans, specifications and ' details
of the 'thirty, types of boats comprising
the. "little" navy" explains In Its 222 plates
and 8G: pages of text and tables all that
is required of navy boats, ¦ and while ' It la
not intended by. the navy to contract:for
-boats • in" time ¦ of . peace, occasion ; may
arise when navy yards may be unable to
supply bouts at short notice. .
, This book anticipates suchX a contlng-'
ency. and all that any outside boat builder
has, to do is to -consult ; this book and fol
io w Its Instructions. . With thc^ object : of
finding, out needed changes, each boat is
. numbered and ; thus a record Is . kept cov
: erlng • its entire history as' it goes from
one- ship: to; another..^ : \ ,
¦iThe --thirty different'boats described In
the "Standard Designs" constitute the'en
tire .outfit ijn ; that;line, for. all .classes . of
vessels. They embrace five steam cutters
ranging from 40 ; to 23 feet in length, with
speeds ' varying from, nine; knots down to
about seven knots. /
Aa to the cosUof the several types that
may vary according to the locality where
built. The prices given are from an East
ern yard with large experience In- such
work.
It ia surprising, but Mare Island prices
only slightly exceed those of th« East.
To the uninitiated or to the merchajit ship
builder the figures quoted may appear ex
travagant, the dinghy, for instance, costs
J34 per running foot, while the bolt per
forming similar service for a comaierc'-l
happy are washerwomen, for whom
there are now diplomas. On the Seine
washerwomen play an Important part In.
the life of the community, and in revolu
tionary periods they have proved almost
as formidable as the market women of
Parla. For them, therefore, the govern
ment has thought fit to establish this new
order and to award twelve medals. The
Important duty of distributing the "di
plomas to the most deserving washerwom
en Is discharged by the Ministry of Com
merce.
¦ _m ¦
A parent, named Jenkins. In an Eng
lish town, has named the triplets which
arrived the other day Roberts. Duller and
Tugela. The latter was a girl baby.
Tho victorious boats vn>re of. the types
which are. now biding duplicated for all
of the ships tit the new navy. ' : .
Uniformity in small boats, as in- all
other fittlr.ps and parts of a man-of-war,
adds to their "utility and in the long run
eaves much money, mere time antl often
lives and battles : rnay depend upon it. .
A Ftoafn launch [ which ; has been, built
cn a plan that is all its own may; look and
run as well as a standard boat, but let It
lose or break one '.of. Its parts "and it. is
useless. =' ' : -.
Bca»6 of XhA present day are; like . the
boats constructed and the results were
pfiown by their winning races in competi
tion with the navies of the world at
Hampton Roads, as 1 have stated.
1 It was' seven, years ago that the United \
Slates sailors of; the San Francisco .won
their victory and since then the Bureau
of : Naval Construction has constantly .
worked perfecting the system by which
th4 best "boats may. be obtained at the
least outlay. . '• ¦ N 
/Draughtsmen and' ether experts have
worked but the problem with what seems
to ;me most satisfactory results. Im
provements have been made in design
and construction, which the recommenda-
tion. It will be seen from accompanying
table that jftnple provision- has been made.
The Kearsarge carries 534 officers and
crew, which, with ten pounds of provision
to each man. is distributed among the
several boats as follows: ..' r :.-
The boats; notwithstanding these heavy
loads, still retain sufficient freeboard to
make them seaworthy.
vessel can be had for 15 a foot and haw
a pair of oars thrown into the bargain.
¦ But the difference Is apparent when
comparisons are made and the boat build
er will probably make more at S3 a foot
for coasters' boats than be would at $34
a foot for the navy, and the same holds
good as regards* merchant and naval ves
sels. - ~i :¦':' • ,%"
The distances over which birds migrata
vary between wide limits, and are often
surprisingly great. The bobolinks, which
rear their young on the shores . of Lake
"\\ innlpeg, Canada, .and go to Cuba and
Porto Rico to spend the winter. .l:vice
traverse a distance exceeding 2S0O miles,
or more than a fifth of thfc circumference
of our earth, each year. The kingbird lays
its eggs as far north as the 57th degree of
latitude, and is found in .the winter in
South America. The biennial pilgrimages
of the little redstart exceed 3000 miles, and
of the tiny humming bird 2000.
Thcre Is no country more fond of medals
and decorations than France, and there
seems no end to the bestowal of honors.
Tiie latest class of people to bo made
Next come three sailing launches of
lengths. from 33 to 2S feet. .
"Four sizes each of cutters and whale
boats are given, between 30 and 24 feet in
-. length. ... '
The old-style of* barge is retained with
a length of 30 feet.
The square stern gig, which was rarely
of any use, . has been displaced .with a
whalebot>t g'g which has all the seaworth
iness of a Xew Bedford whaleboat, ' as
well as the epeed, which was the only
advantage of the gig.
For marketing and light work there are
four sizes of dingles, varying In lengths
* rronvfco to 14 feet, and two short punts
for cleaning ship near water line.
Two balsas, or life rafts, close the list.
While- they may not be classed as boats,
they are of great ude In making landings
through : heavy surf.
All ! of the boats are fitted with masts
and. sails, as well as oars, and the larger
ones are provided with mountings for
, boat guns.
Each ship carries enough boats to em
bark all' of her officers and crew, ena
bling them to abandon her if • necessary.
Taking the battleship Kearsarge, Intend
ed to carry a rear admiral, as an lllustra-
w 'y NCLE SAM has a wonderful "LJt
fy\ tie Xavy." which is-ajways snugly
1 I 6 1(1 > w *d on the decks of the great
Va>A warships, when' commissioned for\
"•.'• ' • KetL. '¦ • : . '.'•. ' . ¦ -.-..¦¦ '. ¦".
The ma-nim^h United States battleship
Kearrage. will carry with her & fleet, of
sixteen . small . FtennYeni. sail and row
boats, capable of ornbarking over 500 meh,
R-lth their an«s and provisions. .; . •;
But they are .worth it. Naval experts at
all nations a ivr.ii that the sniali boats of
our navy exceed thope of any other In
strength, safety, speed and.beatity. .. '. :
in the? great naval review at Hampton
Roads' there were assembled ships from
the war flrets of <>r*>at Britain.. Russia
end ether foreign naval powers, as well a>
the greater. part of;- the United- Staten
Navy. A boat race; took place in which
were entered fair representatives of the
best which the w^>rld could. produce. The
boats bu'lt.at Mare' Island .navy, yard
came our ahead. ¦",'¦ ';•-. : • ¦ "
snips, vast . Improvements upon theso
built prior to 18S3. ;For many years each
navy yard built Its boats upon- Buch lines
as : the naval' constructor or boat builder
fancied, subject only - to' restrictions of
length. .-."¦ : ¦¦'.¦ • : !
The resiiif was a heterogeneous lot of
small craft. wlth : nothing about them lh
tere^Engtable. .;."•'-. . . •• •
Much delay and expense was Incurred
In fitting chdek» and cradles. .'.Frequently
even. '.the -davits had to' bio renewed op
shifted about. _ ¦ '" ¦'•;.' .¦¦¦:
With 1 the" advent' of the "new navy"
camp, gradual changes In the old ways of
¦ naval affairs. • ¦ .'".. '. ... ¦ ¦ .
In 1SS6, while I .was assistant to tho
chief -of. : tTie Bureau ; 'of- Construction. I
suggested, thatt ine boats for the cruisers
San Francisco and Charleston should be
built atvMare I knew: It "was a
place where, work was done well and my
recommendation resulted In- tho bureau
ordering, the constructor at Mare Island
to . submit . plans ¦ and estimates for the
boats.. The plans: were approved.' tho
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
THE BOATS OF OUR NAUY
BOATS FOR UNITED STATES BATTLESHIP
¦ KEARSARGE. ' ¦
. | g LC ra^ lty - ~f"
| ; Sa * is r
CLASSES OF ? : I o < :
boats. ; : 3 a- gv :
ill t| ff: ¦!.
Steam cutter 1 40 60 6Cn J7,:S!)
Steam cutter 1 S3 43 4S0 i 6.105
SHllInK launch 2 S2 128 12W I S.IT3,
Sailing cutters -4 30 ! 150 15H9 5.413
Barge 1 <M> 38 3S0 1.7J3
Whaleboat 2 30 f 56 6W 2.SS4
Whaleboat gig 1 30 20 200 1.345
Dinghies 2 » 14 240 1.366
Balsas 2 18 "0 200 777
Totals I It (....( S74 ( 5740 [SS.1S7
BOATS FOR UNITED STATES BATTLESHIP
¦ KEARSARGE. ' ¦
. | g LC ra^ lty - ~f"
| ; Sa * is r
CLASSES OF ? : I o < :
boats. ; : 3 a- gv :
ill t| ff: ¦!.
Steam cutter 1 40 60 6Cn J7,:S!)
Steam cutter 1 S3 43 4S0 i 6.105
SHllInK launch 2 S2 128 12W I S.IT3,
Sailing cutters -4 30 ! 150 15H9 5.413
Barge 1 <M> 38 3S0 1.7J3
Whaleboat 2 30 f 56 6W 2.SS4
Whaleboat gig 1 30 20 200 1.345
Dinghies 2 » 14 240 1.366
Balsas 2 18 "0 200 777
Totals I It (....( S74 ( 5740 [SS.1S7THE STJ1TD AT : CAIiXi.
12WOODLAND. June 2.— In the Johns
note-forgery case, which has- occupied the
attention of the court for two weeks, ar
gument was concluded this afternoon.
Judge Gaddis announced that as the case
Is one of great Importance he desires to
give reasons for his decision and he there
fore took it under advisement.
Johns Cass . Closed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Secretary Boot Submits Figures
Called for by a Senats
Resolution/
WASHINGTON. June 2.— Secretary Root
to-day sont to ; the Senate, in response to
the resolution of Inquiry, an extended re
port on the number of soldlers^who have
beenkilled or have died of wounds in the
Philippines. Secretary. Root also gives* the
number of those who have gone ; insane
and have committed suicide since 1S98. .
"Whereby it appears," ha states," "'that
AMERICAN LOSSES IN
THE PHILIPPINE WAR
This Is the second message from Mate
Patterson received by Mrs. Patterson.
,The first message was not dated. Ac
cording to the date on the above message
the Pelican met her fate twelve days after
leaving. thl3 port, and shipping men say
it Is strange that no wreckage from the
Pelican has ever been found.
Port Tonrnsend. Wash., la my home.
Latitude 50 north, longitude 173 west. October
24, 1S97— To whom it may concern: S. S. Pell
can is about to sink. We are leaving in frail
boats. We realize oor fate. God bless my
darllns wife.
M. T. PATTERSON. Chief Officer.
PORT TOWNSENI>. Wash., June 2.—
To-day Mrs. M. T. Patterson, wife of the
mate of the Ill-fated . steamship Pelican,
which sailed from this port-; October 12,.
1S97. with a cargo of railroad ties for tha
Siberian Railroad, received. the following,
message, picked up February 8. 1300, by.
Augustus Wyman onUkomk Island, i The
message was forwarded to this city by
M. F. Wright, the Alaska. Commercial
Company's agent at Kadiak:
When Twelve Days Out.
Believed the Steamer Pelican Sank
MESSAGE FROM PATTERSON.
Sheriff Thurman. Constable Leonard and
a posse have left for the scene of the
holdup, and the greatest amount of ex
citement prevails here. . The officers be
lieve the robber is the man who held up
two of the Sonora stages three weeks ago.
handkerchief ever his face and his hands
were blackened. The robber gave Foster
a card reading. The Black Kid,* and said.
•I hope we will get better acquainted, old
min.' ".
'"Just as -we were reaching the top of a
hill two miles this side of Grub Gulch.
where the. brush is thick; I noticed several
teams ahead of 'me. I was covered! with
a rifle and asked if I had any' firearms or
a hatchet; with me. Upon saying "No" I
was ordered to throw out the"expresa box;
which I did. The,- robber then ordered me
to line .up. He was evidently, a Swede,'
about five feet r.ine inches In height.' wear
ing overalls,' a \ pair of brogan shoes and
a . black hat. . He had a blue bandana
Tom Skelton," the driver of the mail and
expres3 stage, when seen upon his arrival
here: to-night by a Call reporter said:
That the bandit had good Judgment In
the selection of Ma . ground is evidenced
byithe fact that thespot for; Jhjs holdup
was one of the best for the purpose in the
vicinity, i A long stretch of sand covered
by brush Is met at this point, and wagons
are compelled.to go slowly, as the pulling
is hard oh the horses.
A sergeant, discovered a sack containing
clothes, a sweater, hat, box of cartridges
and ] a pair of, large . field-glasses, which
will undoubtedly prove valuable aa evi
dence. . ;
. Upon being informed the officers hurried
to the scene of the holdup. In the mean
time the robber attempted to open the ex
press box, but seeing the soldiers advan<>
ing upen* Mm- disappeared- in the brush. ¦
After .waiting some time the robber or
dered all the teams to drive on, telling the
soldiers to get into one of the stages and
ordering two of the passengers to mount
the saddle horses and go down the road
and stay a half-hour before returning.
The passengers started out, but had not
gone over 200 yards when they met Major
Rucker and Captain Wllcox, in command
of a. detachment of Troop F,- Fourth Cav
alry,, from the Presidio, San Francisco,
consisting of sixty-eight men en route to
the .Yosemite National. Park... -
tained. about $15. The driver was ordered
to line up to await the next victim. <
• ' .;\\i ¦-.•¦\"j ¦'¦ i i -. _
RAYMOND, June 2— One of the cool
est and most daring robberies ever
1 commlted , in this i section occurred
near Raymond this morning when
three "of the Yosemite Stage and
Turnpike Company's coaches,: a private
coaching party/two "f-oldiers and three
teamsters were help up by a lone high
wayman. Who commanded thirty-one peo
ple to "dig up."
'¦¦:¦. A. '.'H.'- Foster, one ofj.the oldest, employes
of the* stage company? was taking a party
of tourists to the Mariposa Big Trees. A3
he reached thetop of a small hill he, was
commandedlto. halt by . a lone. : high way
man, '.who ordered him, to drive to one
side. The passengers were ordered to hand
over their valuables and the robber got
$80. Instead /if ordering the .teams on he
held them an hour, and a half, when two
soldiers of jTroop ' F, Sixth Cavalry .came
along.! The/robber , covered the soldiers,
compelled them to hand over their guns,
tie thfir. horses; to a tree near by and join
the other; party. The next victim was a
Spaniard [with - a -wood wagon. V He also
was ordered; to line up.-/
"About twenty minutes ; elapsed : before
the first .Yosemite stage 'came along In
charge ,of Bright, Gelllsp.e.: with nine pas
sengers, among ; whom were Mr. and ¦ Mrs.
T. s 11/ Griffin" of San" Francisco and .Walter
Harp" and .wife of - Berkeley. ; The^ bandit
pursued ¦ the? same " course,' -. ordering 'the
tourists to hand over their valuables; get
' tihg^ $111.° > ¦ -p^^gfapHHsS^S
;4The next stage carried the mail and ex
press. 1 driven by.Tom Skelton,'who v was or
dered ; to ; throw, out the express box and line
up.*" Next "came : another stage ; driven; by
Earnest Stevens.' with tlyf Chinamenr ; The
Chinamen iWere ordered; to hand over, their
valuables,' but they said, "No sabbe talk."
The Trobber; leveled ; his ¦ 44 [caliber rifle ; on
them," 5 saying, ''You can't fool ; me" as -they
dld'onUheiBIg.Oak Flat road." 'The Chi
namen then "heep sabbe,". turned their
pockets, inside out; and . the robber, ob-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
This, perhaps. Is the most truthful de
scription of the British policy, or rather,
lack of it In the Far' East,' ever given to
the public. The feeling among the offi
cials is that- Russia's Inroads on: Japan's
prerogatives in Korea constitute a much
graver source of danger than the "Box
ers' " outbreaks, though^ Korean matters
have* temporarily ceased to figure promi
nently in the press dispatches. ¦, ¦
Claude McDonald, our Minister," said one
of the officials responsible for the con
duct of these affairs. "He is empowered
to requisition the gims and men he needs
from the China squadron. All the Min
isters at Peking eeenvto co-operate har
moniously. We know practically nothing
of the local conditions existing there, and
never heard of the 'Boxers' until the
other day. I am inclined to believe .we
shall not hear of them again in the near
future. /
"Yes. perhaps the Chinese policy Is
Lord Salisbury's weakest point. But as
a matter of fact England cannot have
any Far East policy. .The constant change
of government leaves nothing for the
Foreign Minister to do but become an
opportunist of the extreme type. 'AVith
Russia it. is different . She is an auto
cratic power, whose Foreign Office re
mains in power as long a3 it pleases the
Czar. During the lifetime of a ruler a
consistent policy can thus be carr^d out.
In England we have no such chance."
IvONDON. June 2.— The Chinese question
Is attract! npr much public Interest here,
yet the ravages of the "Boxers" and the
ianding of British and other armed par
ties have srarceJy caused a flutter ot ex
citement, for Lord Salisbury, the Asso
ciated Press learns, does not believe the
latest outbreak will result in * anything
cerious. That it trill bring up acutely
the question of the partition of China is
a possibility at present considered too
remote for an expression of opinion. The
attitude of the British Foreign Office may
be described as nothing less than phleg
matic.
"Everytnlnfir Is left In the hands of Sir
Stand of Great Britain.
SHANGHAI. June 2.— The Empress
Dowager has ordered the Governor of
Bhan^i to arrest Lin. the Chinese manaper
of the Peking Syndicate; Kia. chief of the
Ehansi Commercial Hureau, and Fan, a
loading banker, on the ground thatthey
are dangerous characters, but in reality
because they are connected with- British
enterprises.
TIENTSIN, June 2.— The foreigners who
escaped from Pasting u are . ten miles
from here. Four of the party have been
killed and four are wounded. An expedi
tion is proceeding to their relief.
Murder of Foreigners.
PEKING. June 2.— American and
other foreign guards numbering
243 arrived here in the midst of
the dragon festival. The streets
were unusually crowded, and though
the people were greatly Interested in the
ennua.1 spectacle no manifestation of hos
tility was made. The presence of the
jruai-ds hae already had a marked effect
upon the bearing of the Chinese toward
foreigners. The excitement in the ad
jacent country has been much allayed but
many Christian refugees are still flocking
Into the city. •
The "Boxers" are evidently moving
aflcld. Unfortunately no leaders of the
Boxer* have been arrested, though their
capture would have been easy. All the
Government has done has been to occupy
the scenes of the disturbance and no real
repressive measures have been taken.
The minority report, "on the other ; hand,
will be an" arraignment , . of ¦;: 'the;; United
States authorities/; holding ; that : they; did
not /vacate ¦; their * functions to the / State
and that they ' were responsible for ; the
treatment; of Imprisoned strikers./-
She Coeur d' Alene „ Investigation 'will i be
submitted ' to the ; House • Committee \ on
Military Affairs on Monday/ and .wlllprobl
ably be made public then. . The majority
report is expected , to 'acquit General'Mer
riam and the, United States military
authorities , ;, from : responsibility, ' ; holding
that;' they; were there to maintain'^brder;
withthe State officials,directing;affalrs.:
.WASHINGTON, June 2.— The report on
Findingsin the Coeur d'Alene.Inyes
¦ tigation About to Be Sub
mitted.
MAJORITY REPORT. WILL .
ACQUIT GENERAL. MERRIAM
The number of insane soldiers from the
Philippines now in the. United States hos
pital at; San Francisco, to be sent to
Washington, are: 5; volun
teers, 4.' Held at San Francisco, diagnosis
not confirmed: 6; volunteers, 18.
, The number of. insane soldiers admitted
to the hospital at Washington from the
Philippines. to May 24,1900, are: -Regulars,
47; volunteers, 16, of which 19 have been
discharged ; as- recovered and .41- remain;
one discharged > unimproved and one ohV
visit from a hospital.
Wounded— Regulars, 37 officers and 721
men; volunteers,' 91 officers and 1115 men.
The (casualties In the Philippines from
July 31, 18D8, to May 24, 1800, according to
the report, were: - ?
, Deaths— Regulars, 36 officers • and 020
men; volunteers, 41 officers and S54 men. ,
the number of- Insane cases and the num
ber of suicides have not" been -increased
by service in- the Philippines, but remain
substantially the fame number" per: thou
sand as in the period of peace prior to the
war with Spain."
ConpLs :Thirty-Gne People to Stand and Deliver
and- Evades a, Troop of
Their Presence in Peking Has Already Had a
Marked Effect on the Treatment of
Europeans in China.
FOREIGN GUARDS ARRIVE
DURING DRAGON FESTIVAL
PORTLAND, Or.;' June . 2.— Rileyi M.'
MossT who? on >-Thursday v night murdered
his v wife',, Naomi \ Moss/,; at^^yillamette
Heights Park,' this evening shot and killed
himself t ln. the r Silver; State; lodging-house, 1
on the corner of Seventh; and /Washington
j5treets^,'Uv'"' '-:¦•''¦ .'¦¦'¦¦'>'¦'-¦¦'' i;" '' .' > ..iy-^vi
v> Moss entered the building /without being
peen.-and going to a room locked the door.
The first known of 'his* presence was' the
report of ,ar revolver -which, the ' landlady
heard.f She went to:the room, and finding
the door locked telephoned ; the | police sta
tion.^ Two officers * forced "the door land
Moss i was ' found - lying on : the ; floor with
a. bullefhole ¦ through his heart. -.¦¦": ¦'¦;-¦ ; : :
MOSS ENDS HIS LIFE.
The 1- Pope declared, in conclusion, that
the Catholic, church, could -not be v nation
alized. There we-'- . '.''.her Italian Catho
lics * nor America.*! -Catholics; all ,-were
Roman ApostoIii > ..C'a».h<y:'.cs. ;,-. v
- The \ Pope ;ref erred, in- severity . to - Arch
bishop '.Ireland's V letter to the Duke of
Norfolk. letter, he said, ought never
to have been written. There was, contin
ued ' his Holiness; . a Jdeplorable j laxity of
discipline' in the church in North 'America.
Certain . prelates to forget that
maintenance of | discipline "and v concord
among I the^ faithful '.was of 1 the first
duties "of thoso responsible, for without it
Catholics ran the • danger, of : becoming a
mere' rabble, like, the members of heretical
churches, in England.*:, ; j ; ,.>..',
ROME, "June 2— The "Archbishops of St.
Louis and New^Orleans and the Bishop of
Saultr.Ste.. Marie .have been/ received by
the Pope,' \ to whom they presented * $20,000
Peter's pence and a number of costly pres
ents.*- The -Pope; received; at special
ence the three prelates named and talked
on a" number of 'American' questions; ;in-~
eluding the so-called "Americanism. • •', ¦". *
- ' ? ' '* i «\ - ', - -. . ¦ *j ' ¦ '"¦.*¦
American Prelate's Letter to the Du&e
of Norfolk'^Displeaslng to His
'Holiness.
Special , Dispatch to, The. Call. . , •' -.;
PAPAL: CENSURE; FOR
5 ; ,v /ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
RATIFYING
THE HAGUE
CONVENTION
'; 'THE HAGUE, June 2.-r-
Queen .Wilhelmina has ratified
The 'Hague; peace, convention.
Spain ; has 'done*; likewise _ and
the adhesion : of Germany, and
Great j Britain is expected im
mediately.- '. ;'.."-
FOUR STAGES STOPPED
BY A LONE HIGHWAYMAN
Former. Wife of. the English Noble
man ° Decides to Beg-in a
Prosecution.
Special Dispatch to The* Call.
NEW YORK, June 2.— The World has
the following from London: The Countes3
of Russell has been advised that the best
means of testing the validity of the Earl's
American marriage Is by prosecuting him
for bigamy. Accordingly she has laid her
complaint before the Public Prosecutor,
with whom the initiative rests. The
Countess wishes to avoid, if possible, a
proceeding for divorce, which would be
playing Into the hands of the Earl. He
is living with his new wife in a cottage
at Taplow, close to where the Counteaa
stays with her mother. They often meet
In the village street and In boating and
stare at each other continually.
• The Earl last week attended a meeting:
of the London County Council, of which
he is an Alderman. He was greeted by
his friends as usual.
CHARGE OF BIGAMY
AGAINST EARL RUSSELL
"The Boers are industrious and intel
ligent and have shown themselves lovers
of liberty. If they lose their fight for in
dependence I hope they will come to the
United States. I, wish they could come
soon enough to help save this country-,
from the imperialism that Is driving them
from South Africa. A small part of the
money now being expended- on a war of
conquest would, If spent in reclaiming
arid lands, furnish homes for all the
NEW YORK, June 2.— In answer to the
World's dispatch to William J. Bryan at
Lincoln, «Nebr., yesterday, asking his
views on the suggestion to invite the
Boers to America, he replied:
BRYAN HOPES BOERS
•WILLCOME JO AMERICA
retary of State for War, the Marquis of
Lansdowne, as follows:
"JOHANNESBURG. May 31. 9:40 a. m.—
French's report of his operations during
May 28 and 29 reached me at 3 a. m. to
day." He "was opposed throughout 5 his
march; but managed to drive oit the 'en-,
emy' from: the? /strong-, positions they suc
cessively held .with, very little loss, and. Is
now holding | the place which i I ¦ directe'd
him "to ao;. north- of Johannesburg. Two
officers were wounded- and; two men were
killed and twenty-seven wounded."
CAPE TOWN, Juno 2.— A dispatch to
the Argus'of this city from Delagoa Bay
's.ays; Pretoria, will, surrender. - President
Kruger, 'according: to, this' correspondent,
is >aid to be at" Middleburg, and, he adds,
the -last' stand of the Boers will be made
at Machadodorp. ¦
PRETORIA WILL SURRENDER.'
Before the close of the people's congress
Olive Schre^ner (Mrs. Conwrlght) made
an impassioned speech, in which j she pre
dicted, that' the South African republics
would regain their independence.
A delegation was 'appointed to visit
Great Britain. Canada and Australasia to
explain the .views of those represented at
the congress. . ;.l . ?
that if the republics were annexed, the
peace and prosperity of the country would
be irretrievably wrecked, and that in or
der to Insure lasting. friendship and pros
perity the settlement must, include the
restoration of unqualified freedom and. in
dependence to the, republics, and the Col
.anists. - to^ ~uar'..allowe4 ',v-a-t-.'.v6rce" "'in":
the ;;- ; 2 appointment . "of - 5 the. : Gov
ernor^ of;; Cape." Colony,-: thus = ob
viating the necessity, for keeping a stand-*
ing .army, as the republicans would be
prepared to assist the Colonists to repel
any foreign Inroads in South Africa, unity
would be. Insured and loyalty to Great
Britain cemented.
..The resolution, was adopted unanimous
ly." Other.' resolutions presented affirmed
GRAADENET, Cape Colony, May 31.—
The people's congress opened here to-day.
Of those present; many were Dutch cler
gymen, commoners r and bunites. Mr. de
Villlers; brother of Chief : Justice de Vll
liers,,presided. Mr. Pretorius, a member
of the Legislative Assembly, offered a res
olution declaring that, In the opinion of a
majority of Capo Colonists the chief im
mediate" cause of the. war was the unwar
ranted, intolerable ,; interference of the
Ministry In London Jn the internal affairs
of the South African republics. A mem
ber, speaking in support of the resolution,
said it would be impossible to hold out the
hand of friendship after the war, and
asked: "Can I take '"the English hand
that perhaps is stained with the blood of
my brother?*' -'- - ?•? • . ¦ ' • ¦ -.'..•,"
The. chairman advised moderation in all
the speeches." ¦ .."¦'.
Boers and thousands of our people be
sides. I wish there were more of them in
this country. -They could well take the
place of a' good* many Republicans who
believe; in the imperialistic policy of Great
Britain." .. ¦:¦¦':.< ••' - A ¦ /. ... -.. ¦'.¦*. ¦-¦''¦,;¦ . ':
POINTED TALK BY
THE PEOPLE'S CONGRESS
On a recent dash into Lady-brand, an Orange Free State town, the, British captured the " Landvost
and a field cornet. Compelled by the appearance of a body of Boers on the outskirts of the town to re
tire hastily, they placed the two captives in a cart with a native driver, and with a trooper riding at each
side with a drawn pistol, carried them out of tie place at a gallop to safe custody.
PRETORIA. May 31 (delayed in trans
mission).—Johannesburg was formally
handed over to the British at 11 o'clock
this morning in an orderly manner. Lord
Roberts was accompanied by a small
force. The banks are guarded. There was
a flight engagement outside Jphannesburg
and some Australian scouts were shot In
street fighting. After this a message was
sent to the .nearest British general notify
ing him that the town, would not be de
fended. - ; . j*
AXTSTBAJTATT SCOUTS SHOT.
The Grenadier Guards were the heaviest
sufferers during. General Rundle's fight
ing. They lost thirty men killed and had
eighty-eight wounded.
MASERU, Basutoland, June 1.—Gen
eral Brabant' has practically surrounded
the Boers five miles outside of Flcksburg.
The only side open for the retreat Is the
Basutoland border, where thousands of
Basutos, under Chief Jonathan, are await
ing "events.
BRABANT SURROUNDS . BOERS.
"President Kruger may form a band at
Lydenburg, which, however, can do no
great harm, as General Buller wilt move
up to the Delagoa Bay Railway and stoj>
Krugec's supplies. Bo sson as- the British
have all the railways flying columns will
quickly make an end to all great opposi
tion and the Lydenburg region can bo
dealt with at leisure." - -
slight dlfScuIiy If the Boers have reoccu
pied the forts, but' in all probability the
entry into Pretoria will not be long de
layed. The Boer military power Is now
completely broken and the war practically
is over, although the complete occupation
of the country will take some time -and
probably will be delayed by many suer
rilla bands.
LONDON. June 3.— Spenser Wilkin
. son. reviewing the events . of the
week in South Africa for the Asso
ciated Press, says: "The situation
can clearly be understood if we In
the first instance neglect the Pretoria tel
egrams. Lord i Roberts advanced over the
Vaal in two columns, he himself with the
main body, following the line of railway,
and Generals French and Hamilton keep
ing with him a short march to the left
and slightly In advance- On Monday
night General Roberts was at Klip River
station, the left wing cojumi^ being south
of Klipriversberg. The Boers retreated
before General Roberts, but resisted the
left wing. On Tuesday night General
Roberts was at Germlston and the left
wing near Florida, Just west of Johannes
burg.' . i
"On Wednesday morning General Rob
erts arrived at Johannesburg and agreed
to give twenty-four hours', delay before
entering the town, which, however, he
surrounded with troops. Generals French
and Hamilton were kept away from the
town and pushed forward.
"On Thursday General Roberts entered
Johannesburg, and made a formal occupa
tion. He held a review of two divisions
and then, leaving a brigade to garrison
the town, he put his main body into camp
to the north on the Pretoria road on Fri
day morning. At that time French and
Hamilton were well forward toward Pre
toria. Very likely General French was
east of the railway and the remainder of
the army within two easy marches of the
capital.
"Meantime Lord Roberts' communica
tions were well covered and the Free
State forces were receiving punishment.
On Tuesday General Rundle defeated the
Free Staters near Senekal and received
reinforcements from the Third Brigade.
On the same day the Highland Brigade,
which had inarched In from Ventersberg.
entered Hcllbron.- . : \- ¦ ¦ ¦ ::
Sf^7n'**rhursdavT:tKe'.-Free\- Statersi rfea^.
Ficksburg were reported from Maseru to
hare-^been- surrounded by Generals Bra
bant'and Rundie, which' proves that Gen
eral Brabant has an infantry brigade,
which, though not Rundle's, may be
Chermside/s. '
: "Now to Pretoria. On Wednesday
President Kruger left. The Boer troops
were dismissed frcm the fort3 at Pretoria
and the town resolved to surrender and
made its arrangements. The burghers
were in a panic and believed that Roberts
was close at hand. These facts were tele
graphed .here, by two independent wit
nesses.
"Our hews of Lord Roberts was twenty
four hours old, and there was nothing Im
probable in his troops being where Pre
toria reported them to be. Then we were
ready to believe that Pretoria would be
occupied on Thursday.. Now It 13 clear
that the Pretoria telegrams expected the
occupation two or three days too soon.
"General Roberts must be now before
Pretoria, but the evidence is not suffi
cient to' enable us to Judge whether he has
met serious resistance. There might be
LONDON. June 2.— The "War Office has
received the following dispatch from Lord
Roberts:
"JOHANNESBURG, June 1, 9:25 p. m.—
Sir Henry Colvijle, in reporting the ar
rival of the Highland brigade at Heilbrun
May 29, states that he was opposed "more
or less the whole way from Ventersburg.
Eight men were killed and four officers
and thirty-two men were wounded. Col
vilJe says the Lancashire battery of field
artillery did excellent work. Grant's na
val guns were most valuable and the
troops behaved in a most soldierly man
ner throughout the trying march. Rundle
telegraphs that his casualties were thirty
two killed and 150 wounded."
Lord Roberts has reported to the Sec-
LOSSES SUSTAINED
BY BRITISH FORCES
LOURENZO MARQUES, June
ident Kruger yesterday was still at Ma
chadodorp <about half .way. between Pre
toria and th.e Portuguese frontier, .on the
railroad between the Transvaal capital
and Delagoa Bay). Boer commandos, to
taling about 10,000 men, held Thursday all
the positions and hills around Pretoria.
Another large command was at Bronk
hursts Spruit (about forty miles from Pre
toria), on the railroad leading to Delagoa
Bay.
Telegraphic communication with the
Transvaal is closed to the public. Fever
ish excitement prevails here, owing to the
almost total absence of news from either
side. .
The object of the trip here of Frichie
Eloff. President Kruger's son-in-law, • and
*DtV ' Tteztffkn, the -"President's physician,
appears to have. been to : place, a"?- large
amount of gold in safety*'^-"*— •
HOLDING THE HILLS
AROUND PRETORIA
"The Fourteenth and the naval brigades
have been left in Johannesburg to pre
serve order, while the remainder of the
force Is encamped north of the town on
the Pretoria road."
. "General Ian Hamilton's column and the
cavalry division and mounted infantry
were too far. away to take part in the
ceremony. The troops looked very work
manlike and evidently took keen Interest
In the proceedings. : - .* • • ¦ •
spectlve duties until they could be re
lieved of them.
"Johannesburg is very empty, but a
good crowd of people assembled in the
main square by the time the British flag
was being hoisted. A royal salute was
fired and three cheers for the Queen were
given. At the end of the ceremonies the
Seventh and Eleventh divisions marched
past, with the naval brigade, the heavy
artillery and two brigade divisions of the
Royal Field Artillery.
LONDON, June 2.— A 'cablegram from
Lcrd Roberts, dated Johannesburg, May
21. but which was not dispatched from
there until 8:30 a. m. of June 1, has been
received by the War Office. It says:
"The occupation cf Johannesburg passed
off quite satisfactorily, thanks to the ex
cellent arrangements made by Dr. Kraus,
the Transvaal commandant here, and or
der prevailed throughout the town. Dr.
Kraus met me on my entrance to Johan
nesburg and rode by my side to the Gov
ernment offices, where he Introduced me
to the heads of the several departments^,
all of whom acceded to my request that
they would continue to carry on their re-
DETAILS OF THE RECENT
TAKING OF JOHANNESBURG
LONDON. June 3.-Prctoria is still
unoccupied by the British army, to
judge from Lord Roberts' failure
to report the eagerly awaited event,
and England is beginning to won
der jf after his successful entry into the
Transvaal a new campaign must be
planned and the enemy be followed into
the Lydenburg fastnesses, whither they
are apparently going with their heavy
guns to Join President Kxuger.
Evidence that the Boers have not given
up the struggle is afforded in plenty by
the recent trapping 1 of Brabant's patrols,
sharp fighting near Senekal. in Which th©
British, it is now known, had thirty-two
killed and 150 wounded, and the fierce at
tack on Warren at Douglas, in Cape Col
ony. These events in widely scattered
sections of the field of war point plainly
to long-continued guerrilla warfare unless
the mala body, of the enemy is speedily
crushed or captured. '/. ¦..
The exact situation as to Pretoria is a
mystery. According- to press dispatches
from there Thursday, the British patrols
were around the town and the citizens*
committee was maintaining order. In a
dispatch dated at Johannesburg late Fri
day night Lord Roberts says not a word
about the Boer capital and tells vag-uely
about French having taken up a position
r.orth of Johannesburg, to which he had
been ordered.
Wide speculation is possible as to the
extent and meaning of the Important op
erations which Lord Roberts doubtless has
In progress. The seeming delay in the
British commander's dispatches has given
rise to a theory that his communications
to the southward are being tampered with
by marauding bands of the enemy, but
this has few adherents. y
It is generally believed that the British
forces are cautiously advancing on Pre
toria, talcing- every military precaution
¦which they would were the enensy iiwwn
to be !n great strength on their tronU. In \
this Lcrd Roberts would be following the
dictates of his soldierly nature, not mak
ing a dash until the armed foe were out
of the capital.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright, ltvO. by the Herald
Publishing Company.
Lbijd. Roberts Supposed to Be Before Pre
toria and the Fall of . the Transvaal
Capital May Be Expected in the Near
Future.
In Reviewing Ev.ents of the
Week Spenser Wilkinson
Says the "War in South
Africa Is Practically Over.
Recent Trapping of Brabant's Patrols,
Sharp Fighting Near Senekal in
VVhich. Britons Lost Heavily, and
Fierce Attack on Warren.
Some Rather Forcible Evidence
That the Boers \ Have Not
Yet Given Up the Struggle
Against Roberts' Forces.
(From the Graphic.)
RUNNING OFF BOER CAPTIVES.
PRETORIA STILL UNOCCUPIED BY THE BRITISH
AND A NEW CAMPAIGN MAY HAVE TO BE PLANNED
Pages 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 3.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 3, .' 1900-THIRTY-tWO PAGES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.SKINNER'S HOTEL, KANSAS CITY, BEFORE AND AFTER DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION.
New -Jank Incorporated.
SAX JOSE. June 2.— Articles of Incorpor
ation of the Bank of Mountain View have
been filed here. The capital stock is $25,
000, divided into 250 shares of the par value
of $104 tach, all subscribed. The incor
porators are: C. J. Titus, Walter A.
Clark. D. L. Farnsworth, W. Costello, J.
1. Sabin. B. Dlstel and C. H. Wilson. The
articles show that a general \ banking
business is to be done.
Sanitary Board Upheld.
LOS ANGELES, June 2— A decision very
Important to the many sanitary districts
of the State of California was handsd
down by Superior JudRe B. X. Smith to-
W. The law authorizing such districts
has apain bron uphold. The decision
comes down in lhe appeal caso of th.» peo
ple versus H. C. Wenifr, who was con
victed ai-.A finoa SIS in the Justice's Court
cf Pasadena Township lor violating a reg
ulation of the Sanitary Beard
'^< ? /I" 8 -r N *2 rth p -asader.a sanitary
district. Judge Smith affirms the
judgment of the lower court,
u rrner had a iicorsse from the Board of
Supervisors to carry on his saloon busi
ness, but the license was not approved by
ih<? Sanitary Board, and he was arrested
«m convict e.l- fcr carrying on business
without authority from the board.
. — i »
Miner Missing.
TIC5ON. Ariz.. June
concern is felt for the safety of John
Ff>re. a well-known miner of Cochtee
* oumy. who left hore several davs asro
for a trip in the mountains. Nothing ha*
b<?en heard of. him Flnce his departure
snd as he had no water with him it Is
fc ami that he has perished from thirst
Parties have. tx»en in the mountains
marching for him. bat ha\-e lost his trail
nnd returned home.
Murphy Used aj Knife.
SACRAMENTO, June 2.t-Tdm Murphy,
who claims* to have come here from San
Francisco Friday, this evening stabbed
and slashed William B. Sullivan, a half
dozen times about the head and neck with
a pocket knife. Murphy, ! it is claimed,
was trying .. to entice away a drunken
friend of Sullivan's; The latter Interfered
and was cut up for his pains.. Murphy
was arrested .; and-,' charged i with assault
to murder. Sullivan will recover
Report on Mine Explosion.
SALT LAKE, June 2.-State Coal In
spector Thomas" to-day *, submitted .to
Governor Wells^T. statement of the condi
tions surrounding the explosion which-oc
curred at the Winter Quarters mine on
May 1, together with a list of the killed
and 'injured. Mr. Thomas finds that the
explosion was caused through the: acci
dental Igniting of a keg of black powder.
The total ; number of killed is .placed at
1D9 and the number of Injured at seven.
SUIT AGAINST DR. SEIFEBT.
Dr. Fowler Accuses Him of Passing
Over Worthless Stock.
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
SAN JOSE, June" 2.— A suit was filed in
the Superior Court to-day by Dr. G. W.
Fowler of Santa Clara against Dr. George
W. Seifert of this city, whom he charges
with scheming and defrauding him. of" a
note for $2000. The defunct -Union Savings
Bank is a side issue in the action, and 150
shares of that institution's stock 'is what
caused the estrangement between the
medicos. The complaint states that
on June ' 15, 1S99, Dr. Seifert was
the owner of that amount of bank
stock, -"and ! that on representations
of his going awaj he Induced Dr.
Fowler to allow him to put the stock in
his name; at the same time, to secure
himself, he received o£ Dr. Fowler the
$2000 note.
The Santa Clara doctor says he had al
ways looked upon Dr. Seifert as a friend,
and at the time thought he was aiding
him, but he is now convinced Dr. Seifert
was scheming to save himself from .re
sponsibility as a stockholder of the Union
Savings Bank. He states the bank was In
dire financial distress at the time, and that
Dr. Seifert had learned that fact from
President H. W. Wright. There is now a
$50 per share assessment due on the stock,
in all $10,500, and he declares Seifert trans
ferred-the stock to him to escape this.
Fowler wants his holding of stock de
clared in trust for Dr. Seifert. the return
of his $2000 note and the Union Savings
Bank enjoined from collecting the 110,500
assessment due on stock from him.
PBINCESS ABIBERT'S VISIT.
WASHINGTON, June 2.— Princess Ari
bert, a granddaughter of Queen Victoria,
arrived here this evening, attended only
b>* a lady in waiting;, to spenyfsome days
at the British Embassy. Sir Julian and
Lady. Pauncefote Invited no one 'to meet
their royal guest as the nature of her en
tertainment will depend entirely upon her
own wishes.
The- first member of Great Britain's
royal flmily to visit Washington. was the
Prince \l Wales, who was a guest at the
White House during President Buchan
an's term. \
NEW YORK, June 2.— The condition of John
Clark Rldpath to-night Is slightly Improved,
but still critical.
INDIANAPOLIS. June/ 2.— George P. Ander
son, the oldest Odd Fellow in Indiana, died
to-day, aged 76 ij'.ears. j \
RUSHVILLE, Ind.. June 2.— The Democrats
of the Sixth Congressional District nominated
David "W. McKee of Conner3VlUe for Congress
by acclamation.
NEW YORK, Jnne 2.— Clarence C. * Cook,
prominent < as an art critic thirty or /-forty
years ago. died at .Fishklll Landing .to-day,
aged 82 years. . •
THE HAGUE, June 2.— It Is not yet decided
whether the Ministry will resign as a result
of the rejection of the Government's bill to
insure workmen against accidents.
CHICAGO, June 2.— Dr. Theodore -Menses,
one of the best known dental authorities in the
country. Is dead at his home here as the re
sult ot an operation for appendicitis.
FRANKFORT, Ky., June 2.— Acting Sheriff
Suter said that he had not yet applied for a
requisition on Governor Mount for the extra
¦ dltion of W. S. Taylor, but that he will do
so. Governor - Beckham has been out of the
city. -
I MILWAUKEE. June 2.— Mrs. George Ken
drlck of Philadelphia, corresponding secretary
of the Federation of "Women's clubs, stated that
there will be no Colored women admitted to
membership In the General Federation, which,
meets in 1 Milwaukee next week. ' ;i;v
CHICAGO. June 2.— It is announced that the
Chicago-India famine relief committee has
cabled £1000 to Lady Curzon, wife of the Vice
roy, to.bfe used in the famine districts. In
a letter mailed to Lady Curzon, formerly Mary
Leiter of Chicago. It is explained that other
cities aided In collecting the amount.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn.. Jane 2.— J. W. Howe,
district -deputy- of ' the United Mine "Workers
of America. •; has been arrested at Jelllco. lie
was ' endeavoring to organize the miners of
the "Whitley County Company's mines when his
arrest was caused. He Is out on bond. Trou
ble is feared there for the unorganized miners.
LANSING,. Mich., June 2.— ColoneUEly Su't
ton' of Detroit, regent: of the University of
Michigan and prominent Republican politician
of the Plngree , following, was acquitted of
complicity In the State military clothing frauds,
on account of which various members of the
State military board/ and himself had been
indicted. ¦
SALT LAKE, June 2.— In the condemnation
suit of the Postal Telegraph Cable Company of
Utah, against the Oregon Short .Line Railroad
fcr the right to erect a telegraph line from
Salt Lake north to the Idaho State line. Judge
Cherry rendered a "decision granting the tele-
Kfaph companX the right of way, and. assess
ing the damages at $100. ¦ '
-CHAMPAIGN, 111.. June 2.— The ; little town
of Dewey near j here sustained heavy damage,
last night frcJm a cloudblrst. The sidewalks
were ' torn ' ud, residences damaged and farm
fields ? flooded. Corn and oat ' plants just ap
pearing above the ground were uprooted' by the
torrent of rain.' , The streets ran rivulets and
some cattle were drowned.
NEW YORK, June 2.— Among the passen
gers on board the: stenmer St. Fsul, which ar
rived from Southampton, wer*: Commander
J. C. Colwell. IT. S.- -JNV. late ' naval attache of
the . United : States ' Legation at - London; Her
bert J.^Hagarman, seconds secretary of the
United States Embassy at St Petersburg; G.
Marconi, the expert in wireless telegraphy.
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS
IN CONDENSED FORM
and Stewart Ij. "Woodford, formerly United
States Minister to Madrid. "t —.
CHICAGO, June 2.— Captain George W.
Streeter, of the so-called "District of I»ke
Michigan." wag arrested to-n!sht on a warrant
charging him with conspiracy to commit mur
der. Streeter's "military Governor." "William.
NUes. and. five followers who were arrested last
Saturday while trying to hold a tract of land
on the lake front claimed by Captain Streeter,
were bound over t» the Grand- Jury on charges
of assault with v lntent to commit murder, con
spiracy and unlawful assembly.
NEW YORK. June 2.— The organization of
the National Sugar Refining Company of New
Jersey has been completed In Jersey City.
new company is a combination of the National,
Mollenhauer and Doscher companies. The
stock is divided Into $10,000,000 of. common and
?10,COO,000 of preferred shares. The assets com
prise all the plants of the three companies in
the combination and several million dollars
/in cash. The articles of Incorporation will be
filed Immediately in the office ol the Secre
tary of State.
Noisy Demonstration Followed by an
Attack on a Man Who Shouted
"Vive I-oubet!"'
PARIS, June 2.— The funeral service at
the Church Madeleine to-day of Maitre
Falateuf, M. Deroulede's counsel before
the High Court, was made the occasion of
a noisy demonstration by a body of Na
tionalists. After the funeral- services
Francois Copee, who represented M. De
roulede, insisted on delivering a political
speech under the j?orch of s the church.
He denounced the High Court (Senate),
amid shouts of approval from thirty Na
tionalists, including MM. Harrlllier, Gas
ton, Mery and a number of other leading
Municipal Councilors. M. Copee drove
away in a oab, brandishing his hat in the
air, his supporters crying, "Vive .Copee:"
"Vive Deroulede!" f
The crowd present looked on wondering
ly and in dead silence, but a workman
responded with cries of "Vive Loubet!"
"Vive la republique!" whereupon the par
tisans of the Nationalists ; rushed upon
the manifestant, beating him over the
head with sticks and fists. In an instant
the man's face was covered with blood
and he was with great difficulty' rescued
bv the police. The Nationallsfwho struck
the first, blow was arrested.'.' He is a
brother-in-law of M. Marcel-Habert, con
demned with M. Derouelede to ten years'
banishment. . .
FAST RUSSIAN CRUISER.
Successful Trial Trip of a Vessel Con
structed at Cramp's.
PHILADELPHIA, June 2— The Russian
cruiser Varlag, which left Cramp's ship
yard last Tuesday tor her builders' trial
at sea, returned to this city to-day after
having been given a satisfactory test. The
big warship and her battery were tried
out In every conceivable way and not one
weak spot was found in the construction
of the vessel or in her engines anfl boil
ers. On her speed trial the cruiser devel
oped twenty-two knots an hour under nat
ural draft and with one of her boilers
out of use. and the builders are confident
that she can cover fully twenty-four knots
when put under forced draft. The Va
rlag will have her official trial in July
and will be ready to be placed in com
mission late in August.
SANDOW SAVES LIVES
AT PARIS EXPOSITION
Holds Up a Heavy Bronze Statue
That Four Workmen ¦ Could
Not Support.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 2.— The World has
this from Paris: French papers publish
a story according to which Sandow, saved
the lives of two men at the exposition. A
heavy bronze statue was being placed on
its pedestal when the huge mass, getting
beyond control, lurched slowly, ¦ despite
the efforts - of the four workmen straining
like human props underneath.^ ¦•
Sandow, who happened to watch, the
maneuver, lent the aid of his colossal
strength just as the two outside men,
feeling the sta%e gaining, suddenly shied,
leaving their two companions. to support
the whole weight. Sandow courageously
maintained * the mass -till .'his curses
brovjght cowardly bystanders to help
straighten the statue.
NATIONALISTS BECOME
RIOTOUS AT A FUNERAL
Gcpyripfct^a, l?0P. by the Associated Press.
LONDON. June ".—When England is
not talking of peace In South Africa and
the mariner of its accomplishment the
topic of the day is the dissolution of Par
liament' and the possible retirement of
Lord Salisbury. . Sir Howard Vincent
writes to. the Times, declaring that the
Premier's withdrawal from the field of
activity' would be nothing less than, a
calamity; lor the universe.
The Spectator surmises that Lord Salis
bury will give !up the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs, contenting himself with being
Premier only, and suggests that Mr. Bal
four should be given his uncle's portfolio
and be made a Pe«r, while Mr. Chamber
lain should succeed, the Marquis of Lans
downe as Secretary of State for War and
become Government leader in the House
of Commons, these hypothetical changes
to come after the dissolution, which, the
Spectator announces, should occur this
year, and insists must be followed by a
thorough reconstruction of the Cabinet.
Other weeklies and dailies also refer to
the possibility of Lord Salisbury's retire
ment.
• Inquiries made by the Associated Press
reveal the fact that there is not the
slightest ground for believing that Lord
Salisbury contemplates retiring, cither
from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs or
the leadership of the party. He has never
mentioned such a contingency, and his
spirits are equally good, even to the point
of what for him is unusual jocularity,
while his Interest in home and foreign
affairs is keener than ever. So it is. safe
to say that if the Conservatives are suc
cessful at the forthcoming general elec
tion Lord Salisbury will once more pilot
ihr fortunes of the country and the party.
The Outlook keenly diagnosed the Pre
mier's recent remarkable speeches, where
by h*» has gained the reputation of think
ing aloud, when It describes him as "look
ing with a half-amused, half-pitiful gaze
on the hurly-burly."
His utterances this week were saved
from being a mere collection of platitudes
by the frank. declaration that "not a shred
of independence" could be left to the Boer
republics. This was Intended to be taken
as an answer to any peace-seeking mes
sages that President Kruger might be
contemplating.
The decision anent the date of_dissolu
tlon is still In. the air. Mr. Chamberlain
favors an eapy appeal to the country, but
Ix>rd Salisbury will not formally discuss
the, matter until Cord Roberts so shapes
the military aspect of South Africa that
thfre cannot be a Fhadcw of a doubt as to
the completeness of the British victory.
Encouraged by the remarkable success
of amateur charitable performances of
lhe past winter London society women,
wearied of other forms of excitement
propose to appear on a music hall stage,
which will net. only afford themselves en
tertainment, but will give the public a
chance to view the fashionable gowns
which are ordinarily restricted to Ascot
or the Sunday park parade. The idea had
its inception with a Mayfair modiste anx
ious to display costumes of her making,
hne met with a hearty response from her
fasfcionabie customers.
Aside From. Speculation on Peace in
South Africa, Dissolution of Par
liament Chief Topic in
- -England
Party and Personal Friends
Say There Is No Ground
for Rumor.
RETIREMENT
OF SALISBURY
NOT EXPECTED
Copyrighted, : 19C0, by the Associated Press,
PARIS, June 2.— The republication here
of articles which have appeared in the
American press, 1 directed against Commis
sioner General Peck's management, and
charging the misuse of authority by his
staff, has started a fund of gossip, but
has resulted in" v n6 tangible evidence that
the charges arel,true. While some are v at
variance with Mr. Peck's idea, no one in
sinuates that he is involved in anjKact
not' lit- accordance with absolute honesty
or that he is actuated by any but the best
motives in directing the work of the com-;
mission. ' He asserts emphatically that no'
space! has been sold 'by employes and s ex
presses a willingness that the fullest in
vestigation be made. There are those who
privately make charges varying in de
gree, but inquiry Into the cages develops
either; lack of acquaintance with all the
facts or .a refusal to permit the public use
of the nameof/the accuser in support of
the charges. ; '
.That there Is. considerable friction and
discontent among those - connected with
the. commission and among pome of the
exhibitors" is beyond doubt. Washington
is kept posted on affairs, and, on the best
authority, the Associated Press is In
formfed that the Government has request
ed to be furnished with a list of employes,'
their salaries and occupation, from where
they were appointed and by -whom they
were recommended.-^
Peck Will Not Resign.
Mr. Peck, however, denies having re
ceived any^such" message. The pay roll is
being decreased each week as the various
experts and employes complete their work,
and : the official force will soon be much
smaller. "Friends of Mr. Peck state thai
his health Is the best and that the nervous
condition' which visitors attribute to worry
Is an affliction from which he has suffered
for years. There is certainly not the
slightest foundation for the statement
that he Intends to resign his portion on
account of ill- health.
The exposition itself drags along toward
completion, with many exhibits still' un
finished." The chief complaint of visitors
is not of lack of sufficient to see, but of
the absence of any form of amusement
except that of viewing the exhibits. There
is no outside music or any of the ottaer
attractions • which . made the Chicago
World's Fair each night a scene of gayety
and brilliance. *
After a most anxious time the Chamber
of Deputies and Premier Waldeck-Rous
seau have succeeded In navigating the
ministerial bark through the breakers
thrown up by the interpellations of the
Nationalists and dissident Republicans
into the calmer waters of domestic legis
lation. . ¦
Nationalist Moderation.
During the passage, ' however, the .Pre
mier lost one of his strongest lieutenants,
General Marquis de Gallifet, ; but the ap
parent facility with which ho Jound an
other War j Minister,- General Andre, to
fill the- breach, haa caused surprise and
raised doubts as to whether the Cabinet
is really seriously. weakened by the resig
nation. General.de Gallifet is the seventh
War Minister who has left his post on ac
count of the Dreyfue. affair. -
As presaged by the speeches of ; the
Nationalists and the comments of their
organs, the triumphant invasion of the
Municipal Council by their candidates
brought with it a sense of responsibility
with which the party is now invested, as
far as the government" of Paris is con
cerned. The Council reassembled quietly,
without a flourish of trumpets or a sign of
tempestuous weather. The newly elected
Nationalist president, in his Inauguration
speech, held to most moderate language,
adjuring a policy of appeasement and re
conciliation and denying the predictions
that the Nationalist policy implied the an
noyance of foreign visitors.
"Foreigners," he said, ""whether work
ers or pleasure seekers, will have the best
welcome from us." ;
The' legal separation of the Infanta
Eulalie and her husband, Don Antonio of
Orleans, was signed before the Spanish
Consul General in Paris on Thursday.
The Infanta Eulalie will go to live with
her mother, ex-Queen Isabella. .
Denial of the Charges That in the
United States Quarter Space "
Has Been Sold by
Employes.
COMMISSIONER
PECK'S HONESTY
NOT IN QUESTION
fhe American Exhibitors at
Paris Assail Only His
Copyrighted, 1D00, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, June 2.— Prince Hohenloh**
the Imperial Chancellor, gave assurances
to an informant of the correspondent, of
the Associated Press to-day that the
Bundesrath, in drawing up the para
graphs for the carrying out of the pro
visions of the meat Inspection bill would
frame them in such a manner as to con
sider the legitimate wishes 'of the Ameri
can and British Governments as much as
the tenor of the law would permit.
The Chancellor bitterly complained that
he was now wholly isolated in the Cab
inet on this meat question. Count von
Posadowskis Influence having become
paramount even with the Minister of
Foreign Affairs, Baron von Bulow. Un
fortunately, too, Ijr. von Lucanus. the
Emperor's private cabinet chief, and
Count von Posadowski have managed to
make the Emperor believe that the meat
bill compromise as adopted represents a
great victory over the agrarians, in which
his Majesty Innocently rejoices.
The Centrist leader, Herr Lieber. who
has been very ill for months and who
from several visits to America is most
friendly to the United States, has Just re
lurned to the Reichstag, but is still too
weak to reassume the leadership of the
Center. Herr Lieber said he regretted his
forced absence, as he regarded the terms
excluding certain American meats as too
stringent, for he became convinced during
his visits to the United States that the
slaughtering there was good in every re
ppect and that the meat and sausages
there were as healthy as here. --„-:
Looks for Peace in China.
The Foreign Office informed the Asso%
ciated Press correspondent that the situa
tion *n China has improved during the
past few days. The Chinese military au
thorities have shown greater energy and
now seem masters of the situation. The
Foreign Office expects the troubles will be
quieted without further violence.
The Emperor has called an Important
meeting for the Prussian school reform to
convene after the holidays. Proving the
Emperor's intention that reform' must be
toward raising the technical schools to
the level required by the high state of re
cent technical development is the fact
that invitations have been sent to all
rectors of technical high schools and a
number of noted professors like Van Des
bor&ht and Busley.
The Berlin Municipal Council has also
appointed a mixed deputation for a simi
lar end for all the Berlin middle schools.
The Berlin Council has resolved that here
after it will build, operate and maintain
all street car lines for municipal account.
The Siemens-Halske Company at an ex
perimental station at Grosslichterfelde
has built and run on trial electric trains
making eighty to ninety kilometers hour
ly. High civil and military authorities
have inspected the plans satisfactorily
and soon such trains will be introduced
on several lines. Their maintenance is
said to be cheaper than that of other
lines.
The excitement and street riot3 in
Konitz as a result of the death of the lad
Winter, attributed to the Jews, continue
in spite of the active interference of the
military. Martial law has been pro
claimed there. Everybody must lenve the
streets at 9 p. m.. and the military has
been instructed to use rifles if again
attacked. Captain Hesse and Commis
sioner of Police Block were seriously
wounded last night by stones.
"My Navy" Objected To.
A number of influential papers during
the week have published articles about
his Majesty's personal regime, some^p
proving and others disapproving. The
Cologne Volks Zeitung points out that the
Emperor's fashion of speaking about the
German navy as "my navy" is against
the constitution, adding that the advisers
around his Majesty ought to tell him so.
Doubtless tile recent telegrams of the
Emperor to the Prince Regent of Bava
ria, in which the" obnoxious term occur
red, displeased the Bavarian court, as the
wording of the Emperor's telegram as
there published was altered, omitting the
personal pronoun the Emperor had used
The semi-official Post says the South
African war has taught two important les
sons, viz.: The cohesion of the British em
pire even into the farthest independent col
onies, showing that imperial ideas really
have taken root throughout the vast em
pire; secondly, that Russia is not aching
to march into , India. All the German
newspapers consider the war virtually
over. General Brecher, In the Lokal An
zeiger to-day, eulogizes Lord Roberts as
a master strategist.
¦\Yith— the approval of the British Em
bafesador. Sir Frank C. Lascelles, the
British colony here, with its American
and German friends, is preparing a peace
celebration, the main feature of which
will be a thanksgiving banquet. This Js
to co-operate with the national festival in
Great Britain.
Chancellor Hbhenzollern Now the
Only Member of the Berlin Cab
inet Opposed to the Re-*
strictions.
KAISER DUPED
IN REGARD TO
THE MEAT BILL
Made to Believe He Has
Won a Victory Over
Agrarians.
PARIS, June 2.— In the Senate to-day
the Dreyfus case amnesty bill was adopt
ed by 23S to 24 votes. The discussion was
opened with the concluding part of the
speech of M. Trarieux, the former Min
ister of Justice, criticizing the project.
General LamVert followed in defense of
the army, which he said the previous
speaker had insulted, after which the~Pre
mier, M. Waldeck-Rousseau; made a
declaration in behalf of the Government.
The whole of France, said the Premier
applauded the pardon of Dreyfus and
showed thereby that it wished appease
ment/ The Government was of that opin
ion. I It wished to draw, a veil oVer the
weaknesses of individuals instead of pun
ishing them. As to the criticisms of the
bill, he continued, it was quite understood
that those who were disposed to be severe
were those whp had been pitiless. ¦
But he was of the opinion that it was
necessary above all to unite with the Re
publicans if they wished to save liberty
and the republic. Consequently, he asked
the Senate to record a vote of confidence
fn the Government. "
M. Franck Chauvenau > (Republican)
asked that the bill be referred back to the
committee in order to extend the amnesty
to those condemned by the high court
(Senate). This was rejected by a vote of
1S5 to 101.
M. Lecomte (Republican) then withdrew
his amendment extending the amnesty to
Dreyfus and the bill was adopted by. 23<S
to 34 votes.
At the close of the sitting the Senate
decided by 178 to 144 to have M. Waldeck-
Rousseau's speech posted In tho com
munes throughout Prance.
¦ 7-rr- — r . •.
Attempt to Extend the Provisions of
the Measure to Those Con
demned by the High.
Court Fails.
Dreyfus Case Finally Dis
posed Of by Decisive
Vote. : ;
AMNESTY BILL
PASSED BY THE
FRENCH SENATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY/ JUSTE 3, 1900.
14
NEWS OF FOREIGN LANDS
BY CABLE TO
THE CALL
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
11H7CAW Gold d*e<Jging pumps, the only
JAvKiUi! successful pump manufactured.
T - - G5 Sixth gt.. San Francisco.
i/r>/\/-cj Were guccessful it Noun Ia.it
KKUvJIi .year. A!l ethers failed. la opera.
lml * vvr 'tlon daily. » Stevenson St.. 3. F.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
TANKS— Pacific Tank Co.. manufacturers. 33
Beale «t.. S. F.: 34S E. 2d «t. Los Angelea.
TANKS.
ENGINES.
In stock, steam, gas. gasoline : full line; mfr*.
price*. American itfrs. Assn., 3> Fremont.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
Eureka Separator aDd Amalgamator; pan mo-
tion; in operation 2$ Beale st.
PORTABLE HOUSES:
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and 1st sts., Oakland, or Eulldors' Ex., 3, I".'
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
— . . r>r> nnuil Corner Fourth apd
CAFE BQYALi»^
Uni I* llUllla* sc. Overcoats and
Vallseschecked free.
New York Denial Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
HOCUS. 8 to S; SUNDAYS. 10 to 4.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
An Honest
Tirett Feeling
Is caused by necessary toil and cured by
natural rest. But very different is "that
tired feeling," which takes you to bed
tired and wakes you up tired. That ti**l
feeling originates in impoverished blood
end needs Hood's Sjireaparilla for. its cure.
The tonic effect of this medicine is felt by
the stomach, kidneys and liver; appetite
tomes back and that tired feeling is gone/
Hood's Sarsapatfilia
Is America's Greatest Medicine. Price '|L
HOOD"S PILLS cure constipation. Price, 23c.
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND TTL^Et> AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our lat*
cclentlnc method applied to the casts. Ka
¦leep-prodcctss agents cr cocaine.
These ara the only dentfti parlor* la San
Francisco having: . PATENTED APPLIAXCSSI
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply fell
crowns and porcelain crowns nndetectable from
ratural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth IS, a perfect fit guaranteed or no par.
Gold crowns. JS. Gold filllnss. n. Silver nll-
Jngji. Me. All work done by GRADUATB DEN-
TISTS of from M to 20 years* experience, and
each department In charge of a spedal'rt. Giy*
cs a call, and you will find us to do exactly
¦as we advertise. We will tell you In advjnc*
exactly what yoor work wlU cost by a FREH
EXAMINATION.
DB. glXMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
The Cause of Many
Sudden Deaths.
There is a ciseass prevailing in this
country most dangerous because so decep-
r~"1 \\\ II pLJflA tive. Many sudden
t Ira 'v^JrJ^: deaths are caused by
pK^TA^WV^Sp it— heart disease,
\'$?v2 i pneumonia, heart
!'<y^? lLa \ vfc^3=^ failure or apoplexy
••¦ I ! tt^£l4"\T^ > v f~ are °^ en the result^
'/i*\ j& I °^ k*^ ne y diseass. If'
'vI^SBm ( I fei kidney trouble is al-
t^T^v IK \ \\ C^ 1 I lowed to advance the
¦^v «r y^i I] tk|— — kidney-poisoned
¦ \^W" 1^1^? blood v.-ill attack the
.—.li^w-CT. vital organs or the
ki3neys themselves break down and waste
au r ay cell by cell.
'. Bladder troubles most always result from
a derangement cf the .kidneys and a cure is
obtained quickest by a proper treatment of
the kidneys. If you are feeling badly you
can make no mistake by taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and
bladder remedy.
It corrects inability to hold urine and scald-
ing pain in passing it, and overcomes that
unpleasant necessity cf being compelled to
. gp often during the day, and to get up many
times during the night. The mild and the
extraordinary effect cf Swamp-Root is soon
realized. "It stands the highest for its won-
derful cures cf the most distressing cases.
S*amp-Root is pleasant to take and sold
by all druggists in fifty-cent and one-dollar
sired bottles. You may f?''!&- !
have a sample- bottle cf
this wonderful new dis- gT&^Hiri Kfef^^-l
coye'ry ar.d a book that b4 *^^[U^^^^
tells all about it. both Homecf Swamp-Koot.
seat free by mail. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co.
Einghamton,. N.- Y. Wh-n writing mention
reading this generous offer in this paper.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Little-af- the -Time Payments.
. A Stitch la Tims Saves Nine.
PROSPECTIVE FURNITURE
> AND CARPET
Buyers will do well to Inspect otxp
terms and prices before purchasing else-
where.
Every step a money saver.
Call and examine our large and ele-
cant stock.
Estimates on complete house furnish'
Ins cheerfully given.
Free DeUvery Within 100 Mile*. ' •
BRILLJANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenlnjs. Near Powell.
ALBERT LEA, MINN. FREMONT V WASH. FREMONT. WASH
The Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus. O. : The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus. O. : The Pertina Medicine Co.. Columbus. O. :
Gentlemen— "Although my school Gentlemeri— "For years I suffered, with Gentlemen — "Last spring I had occa-
does not believe in patent medicines, I female trouble, which was aggravated if I sion to observe the beneficent results of
have found it to.be a fact that Peruna is caught ihe slightest cold. Peruna, when a prominent member of our
a grand and valuable medicine. I havQ "A neighbor who had been very much Relief Corps, who Had suffered torture with
known it to cure Mrs. Sampson, suffering benefited by using Peruna advised me kidney and other troubles of the pelvic or-
wilh an inflamed womb, aggravated by ma- to try it, and I gladly procured a bottle, gans, was completely restored through tho
laria, afier the doctors had failed to help I found Peruna a wonderful healer, persistent use of it.
her. ' I felt better each day, and in a couplo of "I tried it for a severe and continued
/ "Another of my former patients su* months (e It as well, and began to enjoy life backache and found Peruna the only
fered with V complication of female dis- '^ never before. remedy so far tried that could ever cure
eases. She'- was so thin, nothing but skin I sleep and eat well, and Peruna not me. lam well and strong now, and al-
and bones, but 'Peruna cured her and she is only cured me but prevents me catching though four months have passed since my
to-day in good health and. good flesh." any cold, and as long as I have a bottle recovery, I hare not had a moment's pain
LUCY-ANNA HEISER. in the house my family needs no doc- since."
Grad. : Nurse from Homeopathic Hos- tor." Yours respectfully, MRS. JANE BAXTER,
pital of Minneapolis, Minn. MRS. THERESA KELLER- 1 President G. A. R. Relief Corps.
the number of women who consider themselves as really sick or invalids are few in companso n
to the number of women who feel miserable month afier month, but will not give up, continuing to do
their regular work. \
Perhaps it is a tired housewife with a large family and house to take care of. She is not
actually sick in bed, but manages to drag herself around wearily through her daily tasks. She is
subject to backache, bearmo-down sensations in the lower part of the abdomen, perhaps nervous
headache and poor digestion. Such a person would be benefited beyond description by taking a
course of Peruna. Peruna never fails to produce a' good appetite, regular sleep, and expels
all impurities from the system. During ihe summer months Dr. Hartman will direct the
treatment of any and all women who apply to him, ,whg are suffering with diseases peculiar
to their sex. - .'-.^ ~
An excellent little treatise on ', ihe diseases peculiar to' women, entitled "Health and Beauty,"
written by Dr. Hartman, sent free by The Peruna Medicine Company, Columbus, Ohio.SEATTLE, Wash., June 2.— Th© steam
ship Charles T>. Lane will sail for Cape
Nome at S o'clock to-morrow morning
with 406 passengers and about 2500 tons
of cargo, probably the largest sent north
this season. The Lane's most prominent
passengers are Charles D. Lane of San.
Francisco, the owners and Hon. John* H.
McGraw, formerly Governor of this State,
' Mr. Lar.G is taking the largest and most
Charles D. Lane Taking Laborers,
Material and Boiling Stock.
RAILROAD FOR NOME.
DISASTROUS FOREST FIRE.
Many Acres in Vicinity of Bed Bluff
;, Devastated.
• A path a mile wide and three miles Ions
has been -covered and -It Is possible that
several miles more will, be - devastated.
Several homes are In this section and they
'-¦; RED BLUFF.' June 2.— A disastrous for
est fire is now raging a few. miles north of
Red Bluff.*- The fire r broke out: Friday
morning in Mount's orchard, about a mile
north of ' town, and extended nort hward
through ' the dry grass « and , traveled to
Blue Tent' Creek, destroying miles of fenc
ing In its path. A number of people from
Red Bluft; and vicinity went to aid In ex
tinguishing it and had it partly. under con
trol when.lt- reached Blue Tent.*£$*&SMtf
WASHINGTON, , June 2.— As the time
for the convention draws near; Senator
Jones, T chairman " of . the; Democratic ; Na
tional , Committee,, is - receiving v vigorous
complaints I f romUhe members of the Na
tional Committee and ; other,' leading Dem
ocrats throughout * the ' over, the
action ! of ; the, hotel . people ¦ in * Kansas City
in "the matter of rates. -Many of the com-'
mitteem«a -' who v, have ; written c Chairman
Jones on> this subject; have^urgently re
quested that a^ meeting of this committee
be called with a ,vle-w of reconsidering its
action ; In ¦ deddlns to ¦ hold the ¦ convention
in ; that city. • --,.-¦ -,¦.:,.-
•¦:. Chairman -" Jones • says - certain • members
seem determined In* their efforts to
change s the * location of , the ; convention
from Kansas City to some other more de
sirable . city.'; No I action : , has ;:¦. yet ' been
taken by, Chairman rJones,^ though he L has
It* under serious ; consideration. -. - " ~±-
:¦/¦ KANSAS ¦ CITY," June . 2.— The 'sub-com
mittee of .; the r National ~ Democratic " Com-
Angered by the Fixing of Exorbitant
*[ Bates for the Board and Lodg
ing of Delegates and "
Spectators.
Democrats Talk of Holding
Their Convention '»
Elsewhere.
MAY SURPRISE
KANSAS CITY'S
HOTEL-KEEPERS
ST. LOUIS, June 2.— Developments to
day in the great streetcar strike situa
tion caused hope to bound high In the
public breast, and In many quarters con
fidence was expressed that the curtain
was about to be rung down bn the pro
longed struggle between capital and labor.
But Just as the shades of night were fall
ing the word was passed around that the
citizens' committee, which has labored so
eoalously to bring about an amicable ad
justment of aitairs. had failed to consum
mate Its object, and again hope gave way
to bitter disappointment.
Early In the day the citizens' committee
f ubmltted a proposition for a eettlement
cf the strike to Edward Whittaker, presi
dent of the Transit Company, and to ex-
Oovernor William J. Stone, attorney for
k .the Railway' Men's Union, the salient
point of which is that the railway com
pany shall agree to restore to its employ
ment not less than 1000 of its former em-
Its Latest Compromise Proposition
; Acceptable to the Street Bail-"
way Company, but Not to
th« Hen-
Peace.
St. Louis Citizens' Commit
tee Fails to Effect
STRIKERS NOT
YET READY TO
ACCEPT TERMS
Conceding Every Doubtful District to
Opposition,- Republicans Are Still
Sure of
. PORTllA.ND, r * Or. , ¦' June 2.— At - the elec
tion which .occurs in .Oregon; on. Monday
there ;wiir : be I elected ; one Justice , of the
Supreme Court,- a : State Dairy, and Food
Commis-jionerj", two'J Congressmen and
members of : the Legislature.' which .will
select r a"successor.to,.Unlted States Sena
tor McBride.; The' Republicans have made
expansion, the permanent retention of the
Philippines by the United States and the
financial question the chief issues in their
campaign,, while the fusionists, 1 com posed
of Democrats, - Populists and i free -. silver
Republicans; have made.the Chicago plat
form * of 1S96 and anti-lmperlalism the ba
gis of, their argument in the canvass. : ¦
¦There is also a prohibition ticket In the
ileld..-. ', ;«'•--/. . ¦ •¦¦ ¦ ¦ - .-¦---¦ ¦¦ ¦
In the election of 1S98 the head of '.the
Republican: ticket ¦ received a" plurality of
mittee had announced a meeting In Kan
sas City on Monday next to consider the
Question of alleged exorbitant hotel rates.
. J. Swofford, chairman of the local ex
ecutive committee on convention arrange
ments, left for New York last night on
business. leaving , Mr.
sald'that facts and figures regarding hotel
rates that %<ould prove satisfactory to all
Concerned had been, com piled -and would
be laid before the committee on Monday.
He declared that the I charges of exorbi
tant rates were erroneous and cited the
fact that a rateof $1 25" a- day, European
plan,. had been offered by one local hotel
for headquarters for the entire --\ irginia
delegation. At the first-class hotel"* the
average charge, American plan, asked for
the convention is $5 a day, four persons
to aroom. A ¦•"
The local bureau of , information, ap
pointed to secure rooms in private homes
for the overflow from the hotels, has re
ported that after making > a - canvass of
but one-third; of the city they have made
accommodations for. 30.000 people. These
accommodations will be In the best por
tions of the city and at rates per room.
European plan, of $2 a'day on the average.
STATE ELECTION TC
BE HELD IN OREGON
expensive single outfit ever sent to Alaska
from this or any other port. He has- 100
men, all employes of the Wild Goose Min
ing Company, of which he is the principal
stockholder. .
His freight Includes all the rolling stock
for a seven-mile railroad which the com
pany proposes to build from Nome City
to its mines on Anvil, Glacier and Dexter
Creeks. Besides the railroad equipment
there are eight or ten large boilers and
much mining machinery.. The mining
machinery outfit- is said to be the largest
and most complete ever sent to Alaska..
Mr. McG raw goes to- Nome to assume
the duties of United States Coast Com
missioner for the district, having been
appointed to the office several months ago
by Hon. C. S. Johnson, then Judge of, the
District of Alaska. His official headquar
ters will be at Nome City.
Pensions Granted and New Postmas-
ters Announced.
*ial Dispatch to The Call.
OF INTEB.EST TO THE COAST.
WASHINGTON, June 2.— Pensions . for
Callfornlans: Original— Thomas W. . Scott,
San Francisco, $6; Henry H. Jones (Ba
den}, South San Francisco, $S. '• Increase —
Joseph A. Gorman, Soldiers':. Home,; Los
Angeles, $12; Patrick Dohcrty, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $10. Original widows, etc.—
Ann E. : Beatty, San Francisco,'-: $S. \ War
with Spain, original— Dan "J. Taylor, San
Francisco, $12; Joseph McKlnley,- Naval
Hospital, Mare Island, ?10.-- ¦'¦,
Washington: Original — James H. Deck
er, New Whatcom. $8. ' Increase^ — Malachi
Knisell, Patona, }10; Josiah L. Claghorn,
Chelan, $8. . "•
Oregon: • Increase— Thomas J. Brobham,
Monroe, T" 'WM'i'iTPifinilTillWiimiiW'liiP'iw^MU' 111111 '*¦
A postofflce has been established in Mid
lake, Lake County, with .Otto Weisman as
Postmaster. , Benjamin* W.. Watlington
has been" commissioned Postmaster- at
Rosalie, Cal. ," and the following ' were ap»
pointed Postmasters^ Kenworthy, River
side County, Emma ¦ H. Thomas, - vice ; C.
W. Lockwood/ resigned ;^ Vlnton, Plumas
County, ".William ;T. Remington, vice Amel
L.' Peterson, removed. ,, > . .
Representative Kahn- has been "appoint
ed chairman of the sub-committee of f the
Immigration Committee,.- which iwill'glve
a hedrlntr > next Tuesday •; on- Mr. '-Kahn's
bill ? providing Immigrant 'stations' on ;tho
Canadian and Mexican borders.
10,774, but on Monday next this, plurality,
it is conceded,, will- be reduced owing to
the apathy shown by voters In the mat
ter of- registration. The Republicans
claim that Congressman Moody in the
Second District will be re-elected by from
5000 to 6000 plurality, *ut the vote in the
First District, they say, will be close,
though they express the opinion that Con
gressman Tongue will have 1000 plurality.
The fusionists, however, claim that their
candidate, Dr. B. Daly, will surely carry
the district. Conceding every doubtful
district to - the opposition,' Chairman
Steele of the Republican State Central
Committee says his party will still have
a majority In the Legislature.
Lcs Angeles' Delegates.
LOS ANGELES, June 2.— The Demo
cratic County Convention met to-day and
selected a delegation of eighty-one mem
bers , to represent Los Angeles County at
the State Convention to be held at Sacra
mento June 14. The delegation will favor
the selection of R. F.' del Valle of this
city and John McGonlgal of Ventura as
two delegates: to the national convention
from this district and the indorsement of
Hon. Stephen M. White as one of the four
delegates-at-large. The platform an
nounces adherence to the principles em
bodied in the Chicago platform of 1S96 and
Indorses William J. Bryan as its . leader.
A -resolution favoring the cause of the
Boers was submitted, but the convention
adjourned ;wlthout taking action on tho
ployes Immediately and not less than 500
additional of them within ninety days al
ter the proposition is accepted.
The proposition further provided that as
soon as the first thousand have been pro
vided for the company shall re-employ as
many more of its former employes as
there shall be places for either by reason
cf vacancies that shall occur or the fu
ture extension of the company's business.
This proposition met with the entire ap
probation of Mr. Whittaker. Governor
Stone called the members of the strikers'
grievance committee together and they
went into secret session to consider the
proposition. The conference was a lengthy
one, continuing until 6 o'clock this even
ing. After the adjournment none of the
members of the grievance committee
would divulge what had transpired.
At the conclusion of the conference Mr.
Stone said the committee had made no
progress.
"We have discussed this proposition ex
haustively, and I want to pay right here
that the members of the union committee
have shown most commendable conserva
tism and breadth of view in discussion,"
he said. "We reached no conclusion, be
cause I desired some information that is
absolutely necessary before- we act. I
have asked these gentlemen to furnish me
this information, and they will do so some
time to-morrow. I cannot state the nature
of this information at this time. I may
say, however, that the proposition as sub
mitted cannot bo accepted by the union.
I* don't care to specify the points that
prevent acceptance: but, speaking gener
ally, the proposition will have to be
changed before w<s can accept it."
Members of the First Missouri Regiment
have received orders to report at the
armory at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning.
Last night Company B was on guard.
are in danger of being destroyed It Is
reported that two men were seriously
overcome by heat while fighting the fire.
Another fir© is said to be raging above
Hooker, twelve miles north of here, and
Is reported to be growing larger.
SHOT BY FOOTPADS.
Murderous Assault on a Los Angeles
Druggist. \
LOS ANGELES. June 1— W. J. Brectfj
enridge, a druggist, is the latest victim
of the irrepressible footpads infesting this
city, who do not even hesitate at commit
ting: deliberate murder.
Mr. Breckenridge, who Is about 50 years
old, was walking to his home on Budlong
street shortly after 9 o'clock to-nij?ht, and"
when he reached the corner of Twenty
fourth street and Vermont avenue, a block
from his residence, he was confronted by
two men. who ordered him to throw up
his hands. In emphatic ianeruage he re
fused to comply with the order, and as a
result he will probably Io3e hl3 life. Both
footpads shot him down and escaped in
the darkness. The most serious wound ha
received was a trifle above the stomach.
The other bullet struck him on a rib and
injured his right lung. His condition la
precarious.
STOLEN BIPLES BECOVEKED.
Men of the Twenty-Fourth Get Back
Their Krag-Jorgensens.
MANILA, June 2.— Lieutenant Colonel
Emerson H.' Llscum of the Twenty-fourth
Infantry, at Tarlac, Island of Luzon, re
ports that the efforts of the local Presi
dent . have resulted In the capture ot
thirty-one out of thirty-three Krag-Jor
censen rifles in good condition, stolen
from • the regiment on December 9 last.
The search for . the rifles has continued
unceasingly since they were lost. Some
scouts on Tuesday very nearly recovered
the rifles, but the enemy removed them
and concealed them In the hills.
A captain and thirty rebels armed with
rifles have surrendered at Cuyapo.
Nueva Eclga. a town In Candaba, has
been'burned and many poor families are
homeless. General Wheaton recommends
Government . succor. The flre, It Is «up
poscd, was accidental.
THE SAK FRANCISCO CAL^/ SIJ^AY, JUOTJ 3, 1900.
15
&y^ acts in the house have made our house \vhat it is— -the
Busiest Bip; Store in San Francisco and endeared to the
buying public through legitimacy of its printed statements.
t4 R ?3s I>ar^SS.iM I/a H • E*-*na.|^ i^asa- u,- made from fine blue twill chev- ; . •
(^y\^^^^^t^^^^^^ You linow how pop- v/^8r 'J$&& f^^^^^^^ in the plain blue, also silk em- J||l at night mending.
lift® webuild young men's Wlf M^^ '*- hU Sailor r, StiU is Ji fe^. T ii^
Vj$$&3 §SS^ Clothes. That picture SSI I^fei^ shield is worth $1, and to top it . ,
Wirw** W^W t^A ' rr*ii 11HM off we have added a pretty biui trie swell idea, lliey re to fit c naps between
'?St? Opposite SllOWS the \ |5 Ml 1 WwM Tamo'Shanter. ,-,^ \ » q n -, 7/? -, ,-, r> n l n -ri-n<5* nrp
f%&0i t [ \m\. I \MS ~ Now there you have the co?- tfie a £ es °T o ana lb t ana the colorings are
p|fi K Sldt l lbst exactly as \ § Wi \f||f bright, smart and snappy.
1^^ l^p it is ; it' s ialien from \m w I B\\vB the ages of 3 ami 10 years. For such good suits we will tax you Monday
I We're closing out our Paris Exposition t \ JsL 3^^^^^^^^ ? f or little' chaps. There's prime bargains in ?
? Trimmed Eats for ladies at just half price. | )v^|v *^\^r^ U sr^L/r t sight for* j/ou people. $ASKS FOR EXTRADITION
OF JULIAN B. ARNOLD
British Embassador Pauncef ote Files
a Request With the State
Department.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 2.— Lord Paunce
fote, the British Embassador, has asked
the State Department to issue a warrant
of extradition In the case of Julian Bid
ulph Arnold, who claims to be a son of
Sir Edward Arnold. Julian Bidulph Ar
nold Is under arrest in San Francisco. He
Is charged with embezzlement in connec
tion with the failure of a firm, of solicitors
of which he was a member. The State
Department has withheld action pending
the determination of habeas corpus pro
ceedings which have been instituted.
To Advertise San Jose.
Bp*clal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June 2.— A meeting of rep
resentative citizens was held Friday
at the .office of V. A. Scheller to dis
cuss ways and means for the upbuilding
of San Jose. Plans were, considered
whereby visitors and homeseekers could
be attracted to San Jose, and also for the
advertising of* Santa Clara County
throughout the East. Another meeting
Is to be held shortly, when an active cam
paign for a greater San Jose will be
launched. Among those present at the
meeting were: Joseph Rucker. C. A. Gra
ham, Joseph Ryland, Alfred Doerr, E. E.
Cothran, Adolph Greeninger, Manager
Snell of the Vendome, C. A. Harrison of
the St. James, Will Clayton. V. A. Schel-
Successful Students.
•The:, students of the San Franclseo
Young . Men's Christian Association .night
school who passed the examinations griven
by the international- committee are as
follows: " John E. Arnold; r Charles H *
Cooper, Georpe W. Emerson. Harry P
Fisher, Howard C. Getz.W.F. Harris. A
Arthur. Hansen.I^F. Moore: Arthur s!
Younp,"Roy Hoffman, CarrBraun. w V
Gunn, 'Alfred ¦ Hof man, 1 Peter. W Rasmus
sen,' Henry Shroder; Lsland S. Wapner
Percy. C. Woodhouse.s, George E. Lyon'
John ,T. - Flcklln, Will W. Brown, C; F.'
Butte, Frank B. Wagner.. John G. ••Voeef*
A:>P. J. 1 Gamier. J. .Tanaka. T. F. Gelinas'
W. iM.'Hodpkin, Leo M«nd.;Bruce Large*
f Armand Smith, : Percy R; ' Stearns. . w < H*
Cook.F. T. Larsen and M.S. Ross. The
association night school will open for the
winter season • October 1. - - - : ..
Labor Temple Stockholders.
There was a meeting of the stockholders
of the Labor Temple last night. New by
laws were adopted, under which the board
of directors will hold over until the regu
lar meeting in August next. The treas
urer said he had selected the California
Safe. Deposit and Trust Company as the
custodian of the funds. Tho resignation
of Director and Secretary E. L. Clapp was
accepted, and Guy Lathrop was elected in
his stead.
Music at the Park To-Day.
Following ls~ihe musical programme to
be rendered at Golden Gate Park to-day.
Overture, "Clrcee" Wettge
"A Dance In the Green Meadows" Eilenburg
Scenes from "Wizard of the Nile" Herbert
Serenade, "Italienne" Czlbulka
Souvenir of the grand masters (popular mel
od i"") I>mu s<*
March, "Slave" Tschalkowsky
Trombone solo. "The Lost Chord" Sullivan
L. Klotz.
Paraphrase "Loreley" Nesvarlba
Overture. "Orpheus" Offenbach
March, "American Republic" I.Thlel©
WASHINGTON, June 2.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate:
Appointments in the volunteer army-
Colonel Jacob H. Smith, Seventeenth: In
fantry, to be brigadier general; Colonel
Luther R. Hare. Thirty-third Infantry, to
be brigadier general.
Promotions in the army— Major H. C.
Potter, Fourteenth Infantry, to be lieu
tenant colonel; Captain Henry A. Gregg,
Twentieth Infantry, to be major.
Justice— Morris M. Estee of California
to be United States District Judge for the
Territory of Hawaii; John C. Baird of
Wyoming. to be United States District At
torney of Hawaii; Daniel A. Ray of Illi
nois to be United States Marshal of Ha
waii. ¦ :
Navy promotions — Lieutenant Albert
Gleaves to be a lieutenant commander:
Lieutenant (Junior grade) Waldo Evans to
be a lieutenant. Ensigns to be;lieuten
ants, Junior grade— F. H. Brumby, T.' M.
Dick. C. K. Malloy. F. P. Baldwin, W. C.
Davison, Newton Mansfield,? Harris Lan
nlng, J. P. Morton, D. M. Garrison, F. D.
Kearns.'D. W. Todd, J. V. Klemann, W.
R. Cushman, H. V. Butler Jr., W. E.
GherardI, J. J. Raby, K. E. Walker, F.
N. Freeman, W. II. Standley, A. T. Ches
ter, C. B. Barnes, A. J. Wadhams, K. M.
Bennett. F. H. Watson, O. S. Knepper,
M. J. McCormlck, J. F. Marshall Jr.. R.
Z. Johnston Jr., E. F. Eckhardt and E.
H. Dunn.
In appointing M. M. Estee to the posl
tlon of United States District Judge for
the Hawaiian Islands President McKin
ley not only gives great satisfaction to
the political and personal friends of that
gentleman but ajwell deserved recognition
of valuable services rendered to the Re
publican party in State and national cam
paigns through many years past.! In
every hard fight Mr. Es^ee has been in the
forefront, giving his time and his talents
to the welfare of his party, and with sig
nal success except in two or three in
stances, when he himself was in a meas
ure a prospective beneficiary.
M.M. Estee was born in the township
of Freehold,' Warren County, Pennsyl
vania, in 1S33.' He worked his way
through college and came to California,
via Panama, In 1853. He stayed in the
mining districts, of El Dorado and Amador
counties until '1857, j when . he began th'e
study of law under the late Judge T. M.
Pawling, after which he removed to Sac
ramento and was admitted to the bar. His
abilities soon attracted attention and In
the course of a few years he had a large
clientele and remunerative business. In
1863 he was elected to the Assembly and
soon after to the position of District Attor
ney for Sacramento County. He moved
to San Francisco in 18C6 and formed the
law partnership of Estee & McLaurin,
which continued until the death of Mr.
Mcl^aurin irt 1S70, when he became asso
ciated in another with Judge J. H. Boalt.
In 1873 Mr. Estee was elected to the As
spmbly, and In the organization of that
body made Speaker. In 1877 he was In
dorsed unanimously by his party friends
for United States Senator, but as they
wero in the minority be was, •of, course,
defeated. In the same year he was chosen
as Presidential Elector by his party > and
cast his vote for Hayes. In 18S8 Mr; Estee
was elected chairman of the' Republican
National Convention which nominated
Harijson. '• ¦ » »
He has three times been the candidate
of his party for (Governor of, California,
but by untoward circumstances was each
time defeated.
Mr. Estee lathe author of many l^gral
productions of '> great merit, among which
may be mentioned' his work on pleadings
that Is recognized as a standard and used
throughout the United States.
• Mr. Estee was married in 1863 to Miss
Francis H. Divine, daughter of Judge Da
vis Divine of San Jose, who, : with : their
eldest daughter, Mrs. Charles J. Deering
of this city, Is, still .'living,. A younger
daughter died some weeks ago.
Mr. ' EstPe Is a member of the Masonic
and Odd Fellow orders, in both of which
he has attained high honors. ¦
APPOINTMENT A SURPRISE
IN ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKL.AND, . June /2.— The appointment
of M. M. Estee as District Judge of Ha
waii has proved a political sensation v in
Alameda County, where Superior 'Judge
W. .' E. ¦„" Greene was -.'a ,-; candidate > for; the
place 'and 'was supposed to be absolutely
assured of .the appointment. So sure were
the Alameda „ County politicians '. that
Judge; Greene was going to receive i that
appointment | that ] some ; of • the . more ¦ am
bltlousi.were '.'already ;j figuring upon secur
ing "fr the ''(appointment ; to the^vacancy
caused by his resignation. <. :¦:
* Several had.selected- themselves "for the
place,'; for 4 they "knew, that^ Judge. Greene
had secured the ! indorsement -"of the'fen-^
tire California delegation in Congress and
even ; the: Indorsement (of; Congressman de
Vries, . who ; Is a. warm " personal • friend ' of
Judge Greene.' I . r V'^3WSSSB»MiS* | tl a
i»V\Vhen$the< appointment of.,M:jM., Estee
was announced i to-day, there I was a .thrill
of I excitement , that' went down ; the politi
cal > backbone of Alameda . County " and It
was '.very ; evident . that ; somewhere . along
the line a cog had slipped in the political
machinery.
With the appointment of Mr. Estee
came the statement that the cog that
slipped was Senator Perkins. Judge
Greene announced to-night flatly that his
defeat was due to the change of front
upon the part-of Senator Perkins, and he
asserted with equal positivem-ss that had
Senator Perkins stood by his indorsement
he Instead of M. M. Estee would have
been the appointee to-day. As Judge
Greene has been Superior Judge of Ala
meda County for twenty years, and as
Senator Perkins comes from Judge
Greene's county, it makes an interesting
political situation. Upon being interviewed
this evening Judge Greene said: "I was
a candidate for the position of District
Judge of Hawaii, and it was owing to the
fact that Senator Perkins did not stand
by his guns and his indorsements that 1
did not receive the appointment.
"The facts are simple. In 183S the Ha
waiian : Commission, composed of Sena
tors Cullom and Morgan and Representa
tive Hitt, passed through San Francisco
on its way to Hawaii to survey the ground
and prepare a report upon proposed legis
lation for that newly, acquired territory.
I- met: Senator Perkins on the Oakland
boat on his way to attend a reception to
this commission, and the topic of conver
sation naturally became Hawaii. I sug
gested that there would probably be a
district Judgeship created and that I
might be a candidate, and he replied by
at once agreeing to support my candi
dacy.
"The commission returned and reported
in favor of such a proposition, and T wrote
to Senator Perkins, reminding him of our
conversation and his promise to support
me. He replied, saying that he would in
dorse my application and would see the
President In my behalf.
"Senator Perkins and all the California
Representatives in Congress, including De
Vries, in February, 1899. signed the follow
ing recommendation and placed it on file
In the Department of Justice:
To the ' President of the United
States: We do most earnestly and
respectfully recommend for the position
of United States District Judjre for
Hawaii -the Hon. William E. Greene
of- Oakland, Cal. Judge Greene has
been on the bench in this State for a
continuous period of over eighteen
years, and is now one of the Judges of
the Superior Court of this State, In the
county of Atameda.
He Is a man of unimpeachable in
tegrity, of hlch Judicial attainments,
and we 'know that his appointment
would meet with the general approval
of the bench and bar of the Pacific
Coast.
¦ "The indorsements by the Judges of the
Supreme Court of this State, Judges Mor
row and De Haven of the Circuit and Dis
trict Courts, United States District Attor
ney Coombs, Governor Gage, the Republi
can members of the Legislature and num
erous personal letters were also forwarded
to the President.
"Then began a correspondence with
Senator Perkins, In which he advised me
how to proceed. He suggested that it
might be well to secure the indorsements
of some of the Eastern Senators, as this
was not necessarily a California appoint
ment. Senators Frye of Maine and Depew
of New York assured my friends of their
support, contingent upon the support of
the California Senators.
"As late as -April 7 Senator Perkins
assured me of his support, yet It was dur
ing March that I am informed he went to
President McKlnley and indorsed M. M.
Estee for the position.
"My. first suspicion that things might
go wrong was when Senator Perkins
wrote me on March .16 last that 'some
of my friends' might not be quite as act
ive in my support as they would were I
not holding- a position which he said I
could hold for life if I desired.
"Mr. Estee's : candidacy began with an
application for a place on the . Philippine
Commission, and he was supported, for
that; place by Senator Perkins. Senator
Perkins was told by President McKlnley
that he had "determined to appoint Pro
fessor Moses and could not then change,
and he expressed a desire to recognize Mr.
Estee, but stated that he saw nothing for
him but the Hawaiian District Judgeshlp.
That. he; would consider him in that con
nection. ¦ From' that moment, as I am in
formed, Senator Perkins : began his sup
port of Mr. Estee for the place for which
ne had already Indorsed me, and he then
wrote that letter about . some of my
friends, not being so. active in my behalf
because of my holding an office. '
-VI have no regret at losing the appoint
ment, for the position, all things consid
ered, would ha\'e been to me but little bet
ter than the one I now hold. The only re
gret • I have Is that the Senator should
have 'found it necessary or convenient -to
break his word. "I can see no reason that
could have induced Senator Perkins "to
have changed his mind, unless it was his
future Senatorial aspirations which might
have been affected by Mr. Estee were he
to remain in the State."
At a largely attended meeting of dele
gates . from the Mission Improvement
Clubs, held at Anderson's Hall last night.
Mayor Phelan and his Board of Supervis
ors were strongly denounced and some
pointed questions were adopted for
them to answer^ Especial bitterness was
manifested ove? the fact that taxpayers
were not allowed proper representation at
the meeting called to discuss the budget.
The sentiment of the delegates was ex
pressed by a long resolution introduced
by C. F. Kimball of the Nuevo Potrero
Club, the first paragraph of which was^n
emphatic protest against the adoption of
the 'budget prepared by the Finance Com
mittee. » -
Proceeding, the document states that
the Finance Committee violated the law
In not making a complete investigation
of departments before deciding on the
items of the budget; that large sums of
money were now being squandered in the
hiring of useless office assistants, ajid that
the federation desired to protest vigor
ously against the "alleged public hearing"
given on the evening of May 31 to tax
payers. The paragraph dealing with this
is as follows: -/ • ¦»..¦
We' wish to enter a vigorous protest against
the alleged public hearing, which was an
nounced for Thursday evening. May 31. and we
desire to express our opinion that it appears
to have been called merely as a matter of
form and only as a semblance of complying
with the law, and we believe that there was no
intention on the Dart of the Board of Super
visors to accede to the wishes of the citizens
and taxpayers who so earnestly pleaded for a
small return of the money paid by them in
taxes.'
We had hor>ed that a disposition would be
shown by the Board of Supervisors to make an
effort to check the reckless expenditures and
waste of the taxpayers' money and reduce the
army of taxeaters to conform to the necessities
of business.
We were rrieved to find that neither the
Mayor nor a single member of the board
showed a disposition to champion the cause of
public improvements, but on the contrary the
city officials appeared to be anxious to defend
extravagant offllcals- and reckless waste and
continue the large expenditures.
Then came a set of questions for the
Mayor and his Supervisors to answer, the
most Important one being. "Why should
the cost of operating the government un
der the new charter cost more than under
the consolidation act?"
It was also asked in the resolution if it
was not a fact that under the consolida
tion act large sums were annually set
aside for public improvements, and If It
was not true that the condition of the
city's streets, school buildings and sewers
did not all call for appropriations for im
provement.
There was a discussion of considerable
length on the legality of the levy, and it
Is probable that the committee from the
federation will once more appear before
the Board of Supervisors on this question.
A resolution condemning the attack
made by Supervisor Reed on Max Popper,
who was present as a delegate, was
adopted.
The federation placed Itself on record
as being opposed to the romoval of the
criminal departments of the Superior
Court to the Hall of Justice.
Mayor and Supervisors Are
Accused of Defending
Extravagance.
Delegates Express Belief That Offi
cials Had No Intention of Grant
ing the Pleas of Tax
payers./ -%\}i
STRONG PROTEST
FROM RESIDENTS
OF THE MISSION
Greene of Oakland Had Been Slated for
the Position and He Freely Makes
Accusation of Breach of Faith.
M. M. ESTEE NOMINATED
FOR DISTRICT JUDGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, .7 UNE 3, 1 OOP.
NO RESTRICTIONS ON
¦ PERCOLATING WATER
BTTTTfi,- Mont.. June 2.— Fred Bartlett.
convicted of perjury in connection wlth
tiis bankruptcy, was sentenced to-day to
trji months in jail by Judge Knowles of
the United States Court* It is the first
case of the kind here. . '
Bartlett Guilty of Perjury.
. SAN BERNARDINO. June 2.— Judge
¦©ster t)f the Superior Court has handed
<3«->wn a decision in the case of SIcPherson
ar.d others againFt the Cucamonga Trust
Land Company, in which judgment is
piven for the defendants. The case is one
involving' the right to a flow of water
found in the- soil in .the vicinity of Cuca
rnonga Springs. . For a great many years
ii nit orchards in the vicinity of Cuca
ir.onga have boon supplied with v/ater
from these rprings: as necessity for wa
tor increased artesian wells were. bored
and pumping plants were installed in
adjacent mo.ist lands. The supply seemed
fufflcient for all purposes. In the last dry
seasons the citizens - of Ontario purchased
pome' of the moist lands, bored and took
water at a purchase price of $125,000. The
plaintiffs alleged .this' use by Ontario was
an .abstraction of Cucamonga's ancient
supply and contended for the underground
¦stream, but the court found the water to
tie percolating water and any one could
take 1t and u&p it where he pleased In any
quantity, provided he owned the land
from which it is taken.
Decision Handed Down in the Case
cf ItcPherson vs. Cucamonga :
Land Company.
WASHINGTON, June 2.— The State De
partment has received a letter from Dele
pate Flinn of Oklahoma, transmitting a
complaint .from an American exhibitor at
the Paris exposition against the manage
ment of the American section, and alleg
ing that space for exhibits in that section
Is being openly disposed of for a pecu
niary consideration through third parties
in London. The charges have been re
ferred to Commissioner-General Peck at
Paris for a report.
Delegate Flinn Says That Space Is
Being Openly Sold.
AXLEGES FRAUD AT PARIS.
BUTTE, Mont., June 2.— Judge Knowle3
of the United Spates Circuit Court to-day
handed down bis decision in the famous
mining case of the Colusa-Parrott Com
pany, owned by ex-Senator W. A. Clark,
and the Anaconda Company, controlled
by Marcus Daly. The suit hinged on the
question of a union of the veins of the
Colusa-Parrott and its connection between
the «X) and the 1000 levels of the mine with
that of the Anaconda. The suit was to
recover ore that the Anaconda people had
extracted from the part below the alleged
union.
The court finds for the Anaconda Com
pany, holding there are two distinct veins.
The best experts in the country were em
ployed as witnesses in the case.
Famous Mining Case Decided in
Favor of the Anaconda ,
Company.
DALY VICTORIOUS IN
LAWSUIT WITH' CLARK
16
MORRIS M. ESTEE. THE DISTINGUISHED CALIFORNIA JURIST
WHO HAS BEEN APPOINTED UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE
FOR HAWAII. •: ¦ J : V
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KADT,VAV. 3 RUA.DX KELlii*' haa' stood
r.nrivale<l ; before the public for.aO years as a
Pain Ronedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, InHuenza. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache/Toothache and all pains. Internally
tcr Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All drurgut*.
WEEKW CALL
$1 pep Year--
Enlap£ed to 16 Pages
HEW WESTERN HOTEL.
IZEAHNY ANIk WASHINGTON .STS.-RE-
tVniorfeled ,and renovated. KING. WAHD A
CO Europian plan. Rooms. 60c to SI SO day:
sk to ts week- $> to {20 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: fire grates In ever*
room; elevator runs all night. ;
coaoccoc6©ocGOo©©©oeoG5«o«©ooos^o©ceooo®ooo06*o©o©©ooe©9o©0o©oi}©©9(r©
I :•; Shooting w^j
••! mmi '- ¦ b -^ • , Em, HI ft S
f • v All Through Your Body. 1
p That is what you' have when your kidneys cease to work properly. It is then that the blood becomes laden q
2' = with the impurrties that in" health the kidneys would take away. q
5 : Shooting pains, also pain or weakness in back, designate kidney disease. • ¦ -,-« ¦ * Q
0 •• : Perhips it is only kidney weakness, but j-ou well know that kidney weakness brings on Bright's' Disease <fr
9 - and Diabetes. Now would you not be very unwise to overlook the warning symptoms? ' .• : ., •
9 '¦ : For instances headaches, as' in Fig. i — puffiness. under eyes or swollen lids, Fig. 2—^paleness and emaciation, •
O : Fig 3— all indicate diseased kidneys. HUDYAN will at once overcome these symptoms, because HUDYAN,*
© ' strengthens the kidneys and insures their perfect activity. . \ S
© - Again —^palpitation of 'the heart. Fig. 4 — loss of appetite and impaired digestion, Fig. 5— pain in back, (men- -0
5 tioncd above), Fig. 6 —^and general weakness. Fig. 7— these all serve to tell you that your kidneys are at fault. :£."•. fl|
2- V — ¦ +' H you go on suffering, if serious results take place, it will be your own fault. HUD-:#
« KuHmcIP YAN is within your reach— HUDYAN will cure you. Medicalmen of distinction recognize- •
S ADVISED in HUDYAN a specific for all kidney diseases. •
9 • FREE. HUDYAN is for sale by druggists.. 50c a package or six packages for $2.50. . ©
9 Call or Writ©. | If, your Uruggist does not keep HUDYAN send direct to the { g
I' 4UDYAN REMEDY GO. , !
- - : Corner Stockton, Ellis and Market Streets, San Francis3O, Cal. J
_ ou may consult the Hudyan Doctors about your case, free of •
•/charge. Call or write. J
DDTTQU17G for barbers, bak-
0.11. U kJlXlIiO ers. bootblacks, bath-
. . houae». billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, -cannere.
dyers, fiourmlll.i. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, •ta-
blemen. Ur-roofers. tanners, tailors. «to.
BUCHANAN KUOii..
Brush Manufacturers. 6O9 Sacramento Ss
Headache may be called a woman's
ailment. Some men suffer from it. But
almost all women have to endnre its pain
with each recurring mon^h. This fact
points at once to the intimate relation
between the health of the delicate
womanly organs, and the general health
of the whole body. Dr. Pierce's Favor-
ite Prescription banishes headache by
banishing its cause. It cures the dis-
eases which irritate the delicate womanly
organs, fret the nerves and waste the
strength. .It increases the vitality and
buildsup the nervous system. "Favorite
Prescription? contains no opium, cocaine
or other narcotic. '
« I want to praise your medicine," writes Mrs.
Sarah J. Burney. of Cresent City. Putnam Co
Fla. "I have been sick for twenty years, and
have been almost in bed five years, and now I
am able to work all day. I have taken eight
I? m of Jf?vorite Prescription ' and four of
Golden. Medical Discovery- and one vial of
?v i C S j I praise your medicine to all. I had
the headache but it »s gone. My throat is well
and couph mne, and all my old troubles are
better.. I tried many other kinds of medicine
and four doctors." ,
NOLAN BROS.,
812-814 Market Street,
PHELAN BUILDING.
Monster
Sale
...A-B00MING..^
We will put on Sale some of the
Greatest Bargains Ever Offered.
FOR MEN WHO WEAR FINE SHOES
We will put on sale about 800 pairs of
JOHNSTON & MURPHY'S VERY
FINEST QUALITY TAN SHOES.
Genuine Hand-Sewed Soles, Stitched
Edges, Latest Style Toes.
ALL SIZES. ALL WIDTHS.
Regular Price $6.00.
We will close them out at : .
$4.00 a Pair.
Everybody knows that Johnston &
Murphy makes the finest shoes in the
United States.
LADIES' SHOES.
This week we will put on sale about
000 pairs of LADIES' VERY FINEST
QUALITY TAN CHROME KID.
TAN CLOTH, TOP LACE SHOES.
Latest Style Coin Toe, Genuine LXV
French Heels. All sizes
At $3.00 a Pair.
Regular Price, $4.00.
Also about 600 pairs of LADIES*
FINE TAN RUSSIA CALF LACE
SHOES. Welted Sewed Soles. Stitched
Edges, Latest Style Coin Toe and Tip-
All sizes -
$2.00 a Pair.
Regular Price, $3.50
Will also close out a large line of
CHILDREN'S AND MISSES' TAN
BUTTON AND LACE SHOES. La-
test Style Coin Toe and Tir), Spring
Heels.
Sizes 5 to 8 ...90c
Szes8Jtoll.... $1.00
S.zes 112 to 2..... -.-... $1.25
COUNTERS
WE WILL FILL DP ODR BARGAIN
With Men's TAN SHOES, and close
them out at
$1, $1.50 and §2 a Pair.
Regular prices were $400, $5.00 and
Will close out the balance of last
year's stock of MEN'S BLACK
SHOES at
50c, 75c and $1 a Pair.
Will flso pile on our bargain counters
about iooo pairs CHILDREN'S and
MISSES' BLACK AND TAN
SHOES and close them out at
THAT.
50c, 75c arid $1 a Pair.
MOST OF THEM COST DOUBLE
NO MAIL ORDERS FILLED FROM
: BARGAIN COUNTERS. .: -
The Great Success of our Sale is you
have nothing to lose and all to srain.
If goods arc not satisfactory your
money is returned.
\
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
* ' • ¦ ' : ¦ ' : \ i\ *
£ . ; ; . We propose to make the first week in June a memorable one in our pro- .*£.
progressive. Silk Department. The silks on sale, beginning to-morrow, will have ?£.
their first showing: We pronounce them extraordinarily good values, and we feel *£
je$- confident that you will when you see them. Handsome 27 and 24 inch Twilled 4%.
Foulards of a brilliant satin luster. This season's most desirable styles in scrolls
stripes, in these fashionable colorings— Navy. New Blue, Purple. Violet, Rose, g.
j&: Green r Brown, Gray, and Black and White. Regular value $1.00, On special sale at *2»
; ' i?»
BUCK TAFFETA SILK FOR MONDAY. \ CHECKED TAFFETA SILKS 50c YARD. %
? !• S1.25 QUALITY FOR 88c. j ust 800 yards will be placed on sale, in pretty checks, . 5f
¦ This silk is very exceptional, a genuine Swiss Dress in light, mrdium ani dark colors. These silks are v?ry
JSfc'l Taffeta 2 iu inches wide ; a heavy, rustling quality n f a much in demand at present for servicrabie summtr *|»
beautiful rich black, the kind that we recomm»ni oo waisis-and are well worth 75c a yard. On spe- pa -»
"& to -wear well. On sprcial sale at Yard OOL cial sale to-morrow at Yard,*'"^' v»"
I ENORMOUS WASH GOODS SALES. J
». The quantities of beautiful Wash Goods sold the past week were unprecedented. We
J*^ never showe.i >uch a complete and diversified assortment as we do this season. Our recent .•
*^ great purchase of 5000 pieces of Stylish Wash Dress Fabrics permits us to quote these extra or- ;£
4* dinarily Low prices. For this week we have prepared another lot of the> leading styles, as follows: tr
, lni*h n.'rritr'p? Jy ° u ma y choop* frcm over 1R0 r'.eces or this •*- r% i m f\ tf nnTOO /1/lODO O nrrt # A I P <¦•
* we YaT £^j»?^#a?agss s black dress goods specials. «r
1 the lie a^'^c : "* CreflOH T*&?ffi^^™&«&»«£l A
*^ '. - ~S J ¦ SI. 00 Yard dT. all of them stylish .and puffed up efTect3, '*
* A GREAT OFFERING IN PIQUE. L^andn,,'" 11^ 1^ 0111^ 1 - 004^ ReBUlar f
<& S r*> riece, «xf ra h«n- corded White English Pique that were Figured A/paCOS oT'thV" rlch^and Mrt-lcSble"^^ D%S *^
r\ «p«<-ially purc^as=e<i for this eale; to cive our patrons the full ben- »j *„„,! Material. It does not wrinkle nor catch the i2»
«J3t of this purrhase we offer them to-morrow at Of C I ara. ,j U5t A eup^ r b quality. In ten of the cholc- v*
•- ' * * v j ' n 1 if 1 ne e8 t designs. On sale at O7c a yard. Regular price $1.00 a yard. ¦gE
14c Yard. Regular Value 25c. n.nnnn.l riZiffii A new shi * meat °< th " e popular ffOOds T
jr*. • Uiagonai UneVJOiS will go on sale, commencing to-morrow, ii
<£* flrfniui Pfyauinf* nnrf These two fabrics never Bold under eo -t c C.,,7 They are 46 Inches wide, extra heavy. %*
UXTOra UnevlOlS ana 2:c a yard The q . Jal j t|p! , are the stJ./O QUIZ. absolutely pure wool and by far the best /?
Fnrtivh Sfrfiprf PitlUB best: In the charmingly bright col- value offered for a long time; In colors of Navy. Garnet. IJrown. *y
•- cnyiii.i "»V=« i iifuo. ors of Tink. Blue. Lavender \ C) n Purple, Green. Tan and Black. On sale at $3.75 a eult; good "•
*> fti-.d JC'avjr. On pp«^!al sale at Yard I + value at $5.00. *J»
— ; i ? ; ' A
£ A SALE OF WASH LACES. GRASS LINEN PETTICOATS. CHILDREN'S HOSE AT SPECIAL $>
ll^^S^iS^^K 9t-00 Quality for 63c. PRICES. -
** - l .roken petF/ from one of New \ork s largest They are very appropriate for country MONDAY AND T//E4D1V •+
£t • importers, bou-ht so cheaply as to make wear; made of a good quality Grass Linen. "»v/»t»«F """ mucsujmt. jt
*• it is cfTering a very exceptional one. On eale: finished with three ruffles. Special for 1fi n f nn n OC/» (/„.. Zm
•& GOc. 75c. 85c and $1.00 a Tard. Monday. G3c each. IOC for a Hose.
•? ' If rou are looking for economy and dura- .1
¦6 ,«*,» Ur^fA'*« /^« 29C FOR 5OC MUSLIN DRAWERS. b«m^ then this offer w», .mmed.ately ap-
FREtiCH VtiLENCIEhNtS LALtH. These Drawers m made of .. Fnilt .. Mus . ICO dozen Children'. Cotton Hose in Tan A.
A " -^^tv^^en^^^ bSS^^^^ffl^n— H-^ura'b?/ i 9: b^ff^fal Z
| t5c/20c. 25c. 35c a Dozen. tor Monday at 20c ' ReEUlar | 16c a Pair.
,' COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. p : .
•^ BLACK VELVET ' NOTION %T
V* No. J I lo ya r<\ % • ' Its - ' Special!! . .?. *X
' . w rth 15c. . t TPi V**t (V**^ iPmS^^^'^^ '"" •'()» each &_
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$6.oo.
...TO KEEP OUR...
-'¦ AnvW^^q^. 1 ;'- ¦ ,jT-
MAKES WEAK WOMEN STRONG
AND SICK WOMEN WELL. ,
PALACE HOTEL
Th# high startHard of excellence main-
tained by these hotels 1s recognized and
appreciated by a discriminates and fas-
tidious clientele who regularly make them
their headquarters when in .San Francfseo.
Located In cloee proximity to wholesale
and shopping districts, places of amuse-
ment and with the further advantage of
having street cars to all points of interest
pass the entrance.
American plan. European plan.
GRAND HOTEL
ADVERTISEMENTS.following meeting will be beld In San
Francisco.
On motion of Colonel Alden air surgeons
of the Civil War on either side were made
eligible for membership.
PHILDEX.PHIA. June 2.— A cable messaffa
received here announces the death Thursday of
Charles" Ensel. said to be the first Jirewer of
German lager beer In America, at hi» residence
in Kaisers Lautera. Rheinsfals. Death wad
due to paralysis. He was S4 years of age.
port of the nominating committee was re
ceived and approved as follows:
President— Brigadier General A. J. Stone oi
Minnesota.
First vice president— Medical Inspector John
G. Wise of Washlneton. D. C. . ,
Second vice president— J. P. Calif of Connec
ticut.
Secretary— Colonel Charles Adams of Illi
nois.
Treasurer— Dr. Lieutenant Herbert A. Arnold
of Pennsylvnala.
St. Paul was selected for the next con-
5ensational Testimony Against
the Wife Murderer.
I)r. Byington of Santa Rosa Gives
fc'l*clal Dispatch to The Call.
SAXTA ROSA. June 2.— Some sensa
tional testimony was Introduced at the
Wilcox tnurder trial here to-day. For the
'past three weeks the case has occupied
the attention of Judge Burnett and a jury
in : Department 2 oi the Superior Court.
Over 'ja. - -hundred witnesses have been
heard and the case has been bitterly con
tested.' ¦ The trial Is now drawing to a
close, the witnesses to-day being those
called by the prosecution in rebuttal, both
sides having rested early in the week.
Tne defense has sought to prove that
Wilcox was insane wnen he killed his
•vviie at Lytton Springs three months ago,
and that for a number of years his ac
tions have been peculiar. Among the wit
nesses to-dav was Dr. F. S. Byington, who
i-s at the head of the Jenner Sanitarium
in this city. Dr. Byington stated that in
his <- pinion Wilcox was perfectly sane and
responsible for all his actions. During the
course of the trial several other physi
cians have testirt£-d to the exact contrary.
In giving his testimony Dr. Byington
was most positive, lie detailed a number
of conversations had with Wilcox after
1 is arrest and stated that on one occasion
when hf- was visiting the prisoner in Jail
Wil-cox atkod him what he should dp and
how he should act In order to create the
inij're.=!=ioh of his insanity. To this the
physician replied that he was doing very
well as* It was and he had no suggestions
to 'offer. Wilcox said to the witness at
parting. that he expected him to do what
he could to keep him out of the difficulty.
To this Dr. Byington stated he made no
reply. A great deal of interest has been
taken In 4 the case all over Sonoma. Lake
;>.ii<r Kapa counties, and Dr. Uylngton'a
testimony to-day created a sensation.
Silver Perch. Stranded
flpfial Di«=;>3tch to The' Call.
MONTEREY, June 2.— A remarkable
ratch of fish was made by V.'. J. Hewitt
and H. H. V. Keolle of this city. "While
walking alor.K the beach In New Monterey
they wore astonished to see a school of
Eljver pireh stranded well up on . the
1 eath and both men at once began gath-
Vrmg- up the fifh and throwing them
hifrhtT up oir the beach, where they were
l^tt while -one of the men went for
ta^kets. When the Jish were counted
ltere were found to be nearly 200 of them.
¦Lt i? believed the cause of the phenomenon
was th.it th« jtrreh. being hard pressed by
s-j'.'iBe <5sh vrho^e prey they are. ventured
top near fhori* and the Furf being heavy
that d<«}'. they were caught Sr an Incom
ing roller and cast upon tlr beach.
Improvements at. Monterey.
Fppcial l»iFr'atch to The Call.
MONTERF.Y, June 2.— Extensive street
bap.rovomcntE are In progress In this city
tiow under the combined supervision of
the. City Board of Trustees and the Mon
terty 1 "regressive Association. Perry and
iSoolt streets are t>c-lng graded, and the
(Trailing of- Tyler street I? to be begun in
the near future. Several streets now
abutting ujxm vacant lots are to be cut
through and extended to their proper lim
its and sidewalks put down. There is also
a plan on foot to improve the long beach
t-o as to make a driveway upon It and to
build a .promenade and a band pavilion.
This has not yet,- however, been definitely
decided upon.
Graham Convicted.
BAL.T LAKE, June 2.— In the case of
John C. Graham, on trial charged with
unlawful cohabitation, the Jury this after
noon rendered a verdict of guilty, accom
panying the eame with a recommendation
for ¦ mercy. Graiiam was formerly Post
master at Provo, Utah, but was recently
removed by the President on account of
polygamous charges made against him.
?
Scholarship Offered.
8ANTA CRUZ. June 2.— The Alumni As
sociation of the High School will create a
$100 scholarship at one of the universities
for some worthy graduate of the High
School, he to select the university.
SAYS W1LC0X WANTED
TUITION IN INSANITY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
-WATSONVILLE. June 2.— Mike Labish.
;an : old ciiiztn of this city and at one time
a Deputy Sheriff under Sheriff Orton,
rhade a desperate attempt this afternoon
dbfiut 3 o'clock in one of the most crowd
:*>d: parts of Main street to kill Professor
O. \V. Whitfield. an elderly gentleman
who has.' resided here for several years,
and' was.: last year assistant manager of
the W.atso.nville Baseball Club. Labtsh
fired four shots from a 4*-callber pistol,
three, of which struck- Whitfield.
The injured man was removed to Dr.
"Waiter's sanitarium' and the bullets were
extracted. One grazed the left side of the
bead arid. the other two entered near the
abdomen. The course of the bullets had
been deflected and owing to this lucky oc
currehce- Whitfield will recover unless
blood poisoning follows: .- ;.-'
L<abish; who with his wife and 16-year
©Id'daughter Tinie, lives in an adjoining
house io : . th.e one occupied by Whitfield,
has. been' claiming- for some time that the
.latter \ras too friendly with his daughter.
Whlifie-td-" claims that Labish and his
\rife, particularly the latter, wJ^o has been
in' th« in.Eiine asylum, are extremely JeaJ
oup of -thrif daughter; that they hardly
pe'rmir hf-r.out of their sight, and at times
-are extremely cruel to her. To-day La
•bi'sh claimed his daughter had been ab
••au'cteil .and notified .Whitfleld that If she
was nor returned within six hours he
•»V>uld kill. him. -. Whitfield denied knowing
jihBt'C the young: lady was and had La.-
Bish placed • under bonds to keep the
p^ace. Labish then had Whitfleld arrest
ed on atharpe of abduction. '
While Whiuit-ld was returning to Judge
<3affe"y's court with his bond Labish com
-knimtd hi* .assault on Whitrield's life.
•Sheriff li<sse .arid' District Attorney
Kj.i J .pht- arrived -la** 1 this afternoon and
.Ji:Bi Lafcish taken before Judge Hawkins,
who liicd his bond at $1500.
Two Hav« Been Neighbors for Many
? Years and. Labish Accuses the
. . • . Professor of Having Ab
: i . ducted His Daughter.
Michael Labish ; Fires Foiir
¦ Shcisat Professor Whit
iield Irt Watsoiiyilie; 'Wk
BOLD ATTEMPT
AT MURDER ON A
CROWDED STREET
San Francisco to Entertain the An
nual Convention Two Years '
Hence.
NEW YORK, June 2.— About fifty mem
bers of the Association of Military Sur-
MILITARY SURGEONS
% NAME THEIR OFFICERS
BLISDEL CASE AGAINST
UNCLE SAM DISMISSED
End of Litigation Involving a Claim
of More Than Sixty-Five Mil
lion Dollars.
WASHINGTON. June 2.— One of the
largest suits ever instituted against the
Government has been dismissed by the
United States Court of Claims. It- was
known as the Bllsdel case and involved
$64,623,512 alleged to be due to the heirs
of Charles Durkee of Kcnosha, Wls., for
certain first mortgage Pacific Railroad
bonds, which it was alleged came into
Durkee's possession while Governor of
Utah in 1S65. It was claimed these bonds
subsequently were deposited in the treas
ury of the United States in trust for the
owner and that the Governor collected
the principal and -interest thereon, but
never accounted to Durkee or his helrsv
for any part of the same. J
In view of the fact that the case has
been pending In the court for a number
of years without any competent evidence
to support it. Assistant Attorney General
Pratt decided to push it_to a conclusion,
with the result that it was dismissed. It
Is claimed the case was being used to get
money from persons throughout the coun
try, who were not in a position to know
the facts, for the alU-ged purpose of car
rying on the prosecution of it. In one
caee, it is said, the promoters agreed to
give $1,000,000 in the claim for $500/ and in
another case an agreement was filed for
$8 000.000, the consideration ~cing $4000.
The officials of the Department of Justice
declare there never was the least basis
in law for the claim.
Workmen Elect Officers.
Sp»-eiBl Dispatch to Th* Ca!l.
MONTEREY, June 2.— Monterey Lodge,
Ancient .Order United Workmen;, haa
elected its officers for the ensuing year,
as follows: Master workman, George
Hubert-' foreman. P.- Serrano; *¦ overseer,
E Heinz; recorder. W. Y. Towle. llnan
oier W. Rleck; receiver. F..Gnzendorf*!r;
Fuld*o Ai Sanchez; inside watchman, Jo
fc'enh Miller;' outside watchman, E. Mi
chaelis K. Michaelis has also been ap
nolnted district deputy grand master for
the district of Monterey and Pacific
Grove. _ .
Bicyclist Injured:
Ppwlal Dispatch to* The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE.' June 2.— One of the
delegates to the Pacific Coast Student'B
Conference, now in session in this city,
Ijeavitt, from the University of Nevada,
started to coast down Carmel Hill to-day.
About halfway to the bottom he lost con
trol of his wheel, and coming to a sharp
turn in the road was thrown violently
from his wheel. He was picked up by his
companions and brought to • Pacific
Grove, where his injuries were attended
to by a physician. He was badly bruised,
and his limbs were wrenched and strain
ed, one knee, being so seriously injured
that it will: probably be several months
before he recovers full use of it.
Caledonian Games.
SACRAMENTO. June 2.— Thousands at
tended the Caledonian games hero to-day
and the weather. was perfect. There were
many entries and the games were well
co'ntestcd. A number of San Francisco
Caledonians were . in attendance and won
prizes. Tom Carroll won the first in the
heavy hammer throw; P. A. Mclntyre, the
second and Duncan McMillan the third.
In putting the heavy stone Tom Carroll
won first, McMillan second and Hali
Adali. the "Terrible Turk," third. Tom
Carroll was first in throwing the 56-pound
weight, McMillan second and Mclntyre
third. Carroll and MacMillan managed
to keep the. Turkish wrestler at work for
four minutes each before he. downed them.
Will Compete With California.
PHOENIX. Ariz., June 2.— The initial
organized * attempt . toward making
orange raising a' permanent' industry in
Arizona was made' to-day by the forma
tion of the Salt River Valley. Orange
Growers' : Association. 'Similar • organiza
tions in other, parts of the Territory will
bo formed to further plans for-competl
tion with California growers. The Ari-'
zona f cult is . placed on the market a
month before the California product.
Lumber Destroyed.
; TUCSON, Ariz;, June , 2.-Special Agent
'S. J. .; Uolsingcr ; returned' from • the Cata
lina Mountains to-day, ; where he* has
been for. the last two weeks, with a party
of • twelve men fighting ¦ the >¦ forest flres
which have been raging for. the last three
weeks in these mountains. Over sixty
million feet of lumber was destroyed by
the fire, which covered 50,000 acres.
Mixture -Proved Fatal.
PHOENIX, ' , Ariz/, \ June 2.— Robert
Brown,. an fearly settler of, Arizona,'; came
thirty-five " miles to ¦ Phoenix to-day, i took
several drinks of ; whisky, went out ¦ in the
sun. became crazed, took: morphine and
then phenacetine and died.
geons of the United States were In the
last day's session of the ninth annual
meeting.* A paper was read by Captain
W. C. Borden. U. S. A., on the morbidity
of war wounds with tentative conclusions
relative to modern weapons and surgical
methods. Major General Narcos del Rio
of Medicq delivered a paper on the "Te
tanus," which was read by Lieutenant
Colonel. J.--D. Griffith. General Del Rio
said that In tropical climates tetanus was
the worst enemy the soldier had. The re-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUKE 3, 1900.
17
Tailor Dresses . jgp
. at Cut Prices* ffl®
The $16.50 Suit in picture has been cut to $12.50. It -is made WJp^
of a fine all-wool cheviot, black and blue only, every detail ff*$M\^
of its making speaks good quality, jacket silk lined through- r$\^]\
out, price cut to .....7.......... ...$12<50 ©& I V&J "|
Asserted lot of $20 Dresses cut to $14.95. Almost any knd , >^\ VvJ I
of cloth, in eveiy stylish color and plenty of different M l^lr
styles from which to se'ect, all sizss, not a dress in the lot *.% > -*\\ • •
ever before less than $20, price cut to....... $14»95 'IV \ \\
Fine assortment of $22.50 Dresses cut to $16.50. Home-'puns, l|| \|]ji
fine English suiting?, plain c'oth3, cheviot, in all tha new I W'b
shapes and colors, always were $22.59, price cut to I. \ I •
..$16.50 I. \\ ,
OS, any of our $2$ Tailor Dresses cut to $18. Making and. n > \\
coth are of the very be?t and there is a splendid variety to // , l\ \
choose from. The saving is $7 a suit en the price cut to.... //'"' 1 V \
$18. VO I \\ \
A little lot, made up of very fine and handsome Dresses that II ' \\ : \
we have but one or two of a kind, many different sty!e3, in Si _jTj Jj
the season's best and most-in-demand color effects, all of T^tr- 11 *'
them great and desirab'e bargain* at the price, cut to
• .: • $25.00
Second Floor— Front
¦-' ¦¦¦¦'¦ ->• • ¦'.' .' \ ¦ . ¦ . - • ¦ ¦ . ¦ • ¦
We have purchased from the great jobbing house of Arnold, Consta-
ble & Go., New York, 4000 yards (in short lengths of from 8 to 30 yards) of
the most beautiful high-grade novelty silks that were manufactured tor this Spring's and Summer's trade. There
are about 200 different designs in this collection— all good colorings and neat patterns. ,The assortment includes
Piisses, Fancy Taffetas, Fancy Armures, Persian and Lace Stripes, Printed Warp and Pompadour effects ; also
some very choice designs in solid black and white. These -are tlw regular $1.25, $1.50, $1.75, *&*& s&gs
$2.00, $2.25 and $2:50 per yard Silks for street and evening dre^es. fancy skirts and underskirts. §L& @J§/fS&
We place Them on sale for Monday and Tuesday only— per yard $Jp £$ §^r
Main Aisle— Near Entrance— See Window Display.
Greatest Silk Sale of the Year*
Two Days Only, To-Morrow and Tuesday*
Fashionable Footwear for
Summer.
Four lines of shoe3 for Ladies and Children that, notwithstanding their very
modest prices, will be found to be stylish, well made, of gcod materials and
Children's infants' Missc*' Don- Ladies' Back
Dongola Kid Lica Red Kid Button gola Kid Lace V i c i Kid Lace
and Button Shoes, Shoes—: fancy and Button Shoes, Shoes — fancy baa-
kid and cloth tops. Vesting Cloth new opera toe3 ket cloth tops.
new opera toe », pat- tops, opera toes, and patent leather new opera toes and
ent leather tips, kid tips, turned tips, sewed sole?, patent leather
sewed soles, spring , sewed soles, the spring heels, one tips, sewed fl?x-
heels, extra good latest Extern, of __ our leaders, ible soles, up to
value, sizes 8§ to 11 fad, sizes 2 to 5... sizos llj to 2 date in every wav
..;..:$1.23 .:........ .:.75o $1.25 ..$1.93
Uardinieres, SOo.
A large and highly f^^^~TJ^^
decorated Jardiniere )T?^YTi(
7 inche i high and 9 /^ v JLJ>JriM>23i.
inches across the /^^SgS^ty^SJjsM
top, with raised de- [\ *^T-j5r^ //
sign, red, brown or '\V -^y^^^^j^
green body, with x^fCvJ^j^/
golden white decora- •
tions; these Jardinieres are a large size,
made of terra cotta and very pretty
5Ou
Crockery Department — Rear.
S&atsdad Every new crea ~
., *»- . tion in men's
NQCnWear* neckwear is
expressed to us from our buying head-
quarters in New York as soon as it
make3 its appeiranca in the Naw York
market. List week we received a
large assortment of Bagdad patterns
in choice silks, now the fad in the
East; thay come in two style?, sailor
\ knots anc the popular flowing end,
loose four-in-hand scarfs, price eac h
50o
Third Aisle— Right of Entrance.
52 pieces, for 6 persons.... §6,90
Perfect shaped semi-porcelain Dinner
Sets as thin and fine as china, fin-
ished in the new red brown decoration;
complete set of 103 piece', for 12
persons :...... ..$12*50
Hammocks, J^A 11 par :
g*g-** MAn h ticnlarly good
&OG BeaGlis vain 2 in an
09.^" •• open weave
J9"**->.;35?TtS*-\ -yS^f^iEf^J linen finished
¦jh. j «* nflininocKf'
I\\^¥? >7^ quarter co'-
\S^% ' a corcsaled
Ow^^^^Cj;^^S 1 hammock
usage should
— rT"""T — last two sea-
sons, siza of bed, 35x78 inches 65 O
Better Hammocks, larger fiz93, closer
•mesh, more elaborate coloring ;
78c, S3.OQ, $1.25
Others us to $7.00
Second Floor.
Butterick • , Th , e Jn 'r «»»**
__ j* of the Delineator
rat terns* is entitle *in
Guise of Summer", and is one of the most
attractive numbers of this famous fashion
magazine that ha3 yet been iisuei. Thj
Bntterick Patterns and Pub ications for
July on snle during ths coming week.
Pattern Department-
Main Floor, Back of rotunda.
Cameras A » of the
and Supplies* e "e
Cameras that produce the be3t results
at prices as low, if not lower, than
they can be bought for anywhere.
Flesh films, paper and plates always
on hand. The very large assortment
shown by the big store is alone suffi-
cient inducement to trade here.
The Standard Plates are an
excellent easi'y managed plate for the
amateur — try a dozen and we predict
that you will use no other kind after-
ward — note the ! ow prices, per doz-»n-
- 3Jx3J 3OC 4ix6J 7OG
3ix4i 35s 5 x7 90 i
4jx4i 50o 5 x8 ..$1,00
4 xo 55o 6Jx8J..«f/.4O
8x10 S2.OO
Photo Supply— Second Floor.
Trimmed A ] ™z\ and «-
ntn'ta- cellent assort-
iYiillinCry. me nt of ladies'
Bonnets in black,
colored or mourning. pt/.
Imported model Bon- ffiHiflffl
nets as high as $15.
and we ha\\j charm- /KHto^^V*^
ing ones as low a-, >f y»
$5. Tucked Gniffon &&£^Mz&!
Hats in black, with
steel and rhinestone jJEM^^JJ^'
ornaments, or with &^v,V<7j
the new m»dallion, g^ *¦ <^T -
were $14, special "I*- fy
for Monday $.O y y
All of our. imported
models that wen Y/^^9 >»
$25, $30 and $35, *^
ycur choice Monday and during th"»
week :$f5
Millinery— Second Floor,
GrOCerieS, Estimate your
LitgUOrS* shou?! 8 purchase
one each of the following articles and
determine by that whether it pays or
not to trade at the big store. Grocery
Department entirely remodeled, more
commodious, quicker service, better de-
livery facilities than ever.
Sugar - Fine granulated, 10 \bs.SOo
Corn Meal— Best Granulated, yel-^
low or white, 10 lbs 23c
Apricots — Fancy evaporated, lb
~ I5o
Currants— Fancy Vostizzi ..Qo
Soap— Babbitt's best, 7 bars 25c
Washing Powder — Babbitt's
"1776, :> 4 1-lb packages for..... 25o
Cocoa — Bsnsdorp's Royal Dutch. 1-lb
tins, so. d elsewhere for $1, here.5«?C
Tomatoes— Out Golden Rule full
standard, per dozen, SOo — per can...
..-:- 7o
Maple Syrup— Wcodlawn, pure. 1-
quart tin. ...35g
Oysters— Full standard "Victory"
brand, 2-lb can3 .....k....25o
Armour's Siiced Eacon—l-
ib tins, regular 25c size, for ISC
CotiOG—QuT beat Java and Mocha,
3 lbs for... ;.... ..$1.00
Japan' Tea- Fancy unco ored, reg-
u arly per lb,40c — 3 lbs. .$1.OO
Oraokers— Fresh Soda, J boxes
......:............... 35o
Rye Whiskey— Paul Jones 4-Star,
years old, fuil quart bottle, regu-
larly $1.25, sale price Q5o
PortorHherry Wines— Regu-
lar $1.00 grade, per gallon ...71 0
Domestic Horter— The kind
that gives satisfaction, regularly $1.25
per dozen, for GOo
Brown's Getery Pltos-
flhaiO, a blood and nerve tonic —
i gallon $1.25 bottles for QO 3
yaart 65c bottles for.<.. £>Oc
Pint 35c bottles for....... ...27o
Main Floor— Rear.
Dinner Set, $G.SO.
G^#A mr*-& Special
%**SiBG OF ¦ Bale
Sheetings. *%J
of a good grade of well made, round
thread undressed sheeting, the long-
wearing satisfaction-giving quality, at
far less than present cost of production.
Single bed Bleached Sheeting, 54 inches
wide, per yard... 13\C
£ bed Bleached Sheeting, 72 inches
wide, per yard ....IQc
Double bed Bhached Sheeting, 81 inche3
wide, per yard 21 C
Extra wide Bleached Sheeting, 93 inches
wide, per yard .- 23 G
Double bed Unbleached Sheeting, 81
inches wide, per yard lOo
Extra wide Unbleached Sheeting. 90
inches wide, per yard UliG
BSBanSft** 1 The entire line of 1
isianne* Campi and Name
Values* Blankets, the bast
va'ues on the coast at the prices, is
still complete— lOj-lb Nome Blankets,
$8*50 a pair— best grade Oxford
B ankets, $8mOO a pair — fine Brown
Blanket-. $6m5O a pair.
Camping clankois -Three sam-
ple iines from three different mills— 1
pair of a kind only — to be closed out
at unmatchably low prices, ranging
per pair from.. 75c to $2. SO
Main Floor— Back of Elevator.
Wedding <£
Announcements* grav-
ing department make3 a specialty of
Wedding Announcements, Invitations and
Visiting Cards; we furnsh very superior
plates and print on the very best of
Hurd's Cream Wove Stock; you will, be
astonished at the little prices asked for
this price of work.
100 Crane's extra superfine Cards print-
ed from your own plate ....$tmuO
100 Crane's extra superfine cards with
copper plate and printed $>2**J0
Stationery Department— Main Floor.
Vacation Lr* 1
Stockings. 28? '
.-?* oniy
of Children's Vaca-
tion Stockings, lxl &"%j\
ribbed, extra heavy, il^i
Maco Cotton, guar-
a n t e e d stainles3 <y^/^^ -
black, triple knees, JlrtjNs /t»\
double heels and m>Ww\
roles, made of heavy i? yV^^TW
double twisted cot- jgv'/.f-- ."."•V.\
ton yarn; they are an Sm/:T- '. ' . '. "-1
unusually durable, Hf^-^^j^jj "^
as well as a very R fTT'
dressy hose, sizes 6 J& U \ ( f\.
to. 10, tc-morrow at *^ _/& ) JL*
the extraordinarily £~t 0 ""
low price, f - V?
per pair I^rC
Second AIslo— Left of Kntrance.
CfaQpry Oa special snle llon-
o-p * m day only, Ayer'a
rCCtOfSti, Cherry Pectoral
f£Q m • for eougH colds,
croup, asthma, in-
fluenza. fcoarsenes3, bronchitis, etc. —
one of the oldest ard best known
patent medicines on the market— 20 > J
of the 2oc s:ze bottles, each. 13 O
Toilet Articles— Rotunda, : . '
A List of . Art l c ; e3
_ , A . m «v- * • from tne
Ltttte Things* Notion De-
partment that are in every day demand;
nate how cheaply you can buy these
thing' at the Emporium.
Dress Shields, Dr. Diemel's Linen Mesh...
25o
Dresi Shieids. Onandoff, pair 25c
Dress Shields in all si;es. stock-
inet and gum, covered uith cam-
brie and silk.
Dress Bindings, velveteen, corduroy,
brush edge and waterproof, yard
4o to 25c
Feather-stitched Braids, white 6r colors, ,
per piece 5o to 25o
Hooks and Eyes, colors to match your
siik* or dre33 good3, a novelty, card of ,
2 dozen \10o
Side Hose Supporters, frilled elastic, \
button clasp, ribbon bows, per pair.. ...
20c to 50c
Indies' Belts. Zi-Zi tffdets, black and
colored ribbon, leather and white kid.. ,
25c to S3.GO
Third Aisle— Right of Kntrance.
Gauffr&sl w \^Il^t :
_,_ «. Janax-Jnen
§i7OUSSeiine. pleated and
Ganffred Mous3«?line, that mi liners are
usirg so much this season for trim- ,
ming hat?, price, per yard ¦
&1.5O andS1.7S
Lace Department— Main Floor.
Seasonable House
Furnishing Items*
Window Screens— Snamer ad-
jastible or wire Screens, with metal
edges 25c
Oil Stoves are Bno Frame Oil
Stoves, the neatest, newest and hottest
Stove on the market -coma in and se9
them turn— 1. 2 and 3 burners...
&7.00, $9.50, $11.50
Camping UtOVOS—A bolea, heavy
sheet iron, com-
Op ete with oven
and pipe^ — we
carry full line
~\ of camping
2) utensiU — thea;
,| f-'to. -.$3,00
Garden
f<^>^^^^\ Host > — New
U--*^ T Hose, coupled..
S2.OO
25 feet very fine Ho?e. couplel~J?i*«450
Pants Hangers— Nickel pated
automatic Pants Hangere, jast the ,
thing for home cr camp u;e, keeps the
garment in shape and creases to per-
fection 25c ,
Main Floor— Rear.
Dress Linings*
28-:nch Silk Serge Linings, blac'c and ¦
co'ors, per yard 60c [
26-inch tew Metallic Striped Skirting, ',
newest and prettiest coloring3, yard... •
25o :
36-inch Parisian Silk Lining, an excellent .
substitute for taffeta ei k, all co'ors, ¦
yard ; 203 \
33-inch black ; Mercerized Sateer. for !
tailoring and •ires^in-'.kinjj, yarr*^23^ '
Third Aisle— Right of Entrance.
Until further notion, your choice of any of out* S12.5O and $15.00 Single-Breasted Sack Suits for men
for NINE-NINE! Y-HVE ($Q. OS) -Positively alt-wool fabrics in 2O of the newest patterns and colorings, fashion-
ably cut and well made. We iro overstocked in theso two tlnos*
HOT MORNING BREAKFAST
Comfort Depends on Food.
It is not so easy to arrange a tempting*
breakfast for a hot morning, but every-
orieapprcciates such a breakfast and en-
• joys the relief from the heated blood
caused t»y a meat and coffee breakfast.
In fact, by skillful selection of food.
even the hottest day can be made quite
comfortable. s
Stan with fruit of some kind, then a
dish of Gr.ape-Nuts food with cold
cream, one or two soft boiled eprjfs. a
slice of bread and butter and a cup of
cocoa or Postum Food Coffee. On that
sort of meal one will be fully nourished
until the mid-day.
Grap?-N*uts food is concentrated and
powerful, imparting to the user a sense
of reserve force and urencth. The
strong man thinks the weather moderate
arr 1 . comfortable when the nervous,
weak man thinks it unbearably hot.
Grape-Nuts food is perfectly cooked at
the factory and ready for instant usei
cool and delicious, requirinc: no. hot
stove and cross cook on a hot morninc
"Health is a matter, of wise selection of
food and a contented mind."
GBAPE-NUTS.
Undermuslin ]ot He^ «j»
' Department. f onab°ie iS
at prices such as
«^?A ¦ only the big etore
; 5»p — 3 . quotes:
*£? f Ladies' Chemise, em-
>y2>/\ broidery or lace
*&$& 34 tr mming ...SOo
/&'^&*J*'i\ Laoies' Combination
/ #i % \i>f^k W Corset Cover and
/ M YMM f\ foil, width trim-
/ /\ Irn/// \ med Skirt-
( \AJM«) J S3.5O
\*jt^ fj \y? Ladies' extra wide
\ ' Drawers, lace or
embroidery trim-
ming BOo
Ladies' extra wide Drawers, deep flounce
of embroidery 85c
Ladies' Corset 0>vers, embroidery
trimmed, high or V ehape neck. .35o
\ Laaies' French Corset Covers, square
cut * BOO
' Lidiei' French Corset Covers, cut to
[ waist line, for evening wear. ..$1.25
Ladies' tennis flannel Gowns for camp-
; ing 7BO
\ Children's Wash Dresse?, made of per-
cale, with wide collar, lace trimming,
«ze* op to five year? 75c
\ Childten's gingham or Chambray Dresses,
tastefully trimmed, sires up to five
years '.....$1.30
! Ladies' Bathing Caps— 25c
and SOO
Ladies' Bathing Slippers-
[ 25c and SOo
, Boys' Btouses—For city and
country wear, Eizes up to tbree vears-
; '.soo
. Boys' Kilts -In colored Ox.ord
| cloths, sizes up to four ycat*...$1m25
] Children's ishaker and Sun Bonnets.25c
Ladies' Corsets— Fine back
| eateea, full gored, short hips, lace
[ trimmed top and bottom, an extra
value for the price $2.GO
• SuntntGi* Sfcout 6°° d |ookin g
«• . adjustable steamer
OHfl/fS* or porch chairs, like
illnstratio n,
made of ytyyfyy^
hard wood, . Jy/y//%f
Steamer or ! s^ s ,
Porch Chair --3
as above with arm3 $1*25
Canvas Camp Stools, with back 35o
Cahvas Camp Stools without backs..20o
Tents — Any style or weight, made to
order on short notice.'
Second Floor— Front.
LstCSt Up-to-the-minuta pub-
«3» • lications that everybody
X3OOKS* ought to read; tbe mid-
summer Book 'Bulletin will be ready
ear ! y this week.
"Bubonic Plague*' 9
its course, symptoms, means of pre-
vention and treatment, according to
the latest scientific discoveries; a
thoroughly reliable work. $1.5O
"Phitin Winwood"— this de-
lightful love story and capital histor-
ical romance of the Revolutionary
period is having a great sale; pub-
lisher's price $1.50. our price. .$1.2O .
"Sophia" -by Stanley Weyman, a
thrilling romance of Queen Anne's time,
is written in the author's be3t vein;
publisher's price $1.50, our price
$1.13
" Alabaster t ox " — by Sir
Walter Besant, a story of settlement
life drawn from actual facts, admir-
ably and realistically executed; pub-
lisher's pr'ce $1.50, onr price..St*SO
F'cStSGV' A new line
Shirts $1*00*
ewell dressers;
choice mate- /"S^^
terials in tha (f*. j
new striped ef- , 1 Jj
fecte; starched i^ni
bosoms; a pair -jft"< A^TTVt^
of cuff} with /^UVaM'AV^
each shirt; our M\\\M\m
price » not a #m\\V''VV\UK\
fair index of the #/M AH | \\m%
qua:ity; there IMffilVMM-Ml,
zn no better 3 ?/^/
wearing goods //f/^ —
in the market; w(u j yjj
each... JttmOO
Now shapes in Men's Got'
tars- Recent arrivals of all the new
standard shapes in (ligh standing Col-
lar.', made of good honest linen, 3 for
SOo
Third Aisle— Right of Entrance.
The new ClMt Glass Room, on main floor, back of rotunda, U
one of .the most beautiful displays in The Emporium. Its dimensions are 13x16
feet; the. two ends are of fancy shapa beveled glass; the side; of matched lumber,
lined with numerous mirrors — the high-arched ceiling plentifully studded with
electric .lights, which b« ing out all the sparkle and beauty of the superb collection
of real cut glass that if houses.
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE
\v*M»M*PM*&»X»MVM>
M»A»iawa&WWiW»at>titt».:
A Fireworks Catalogue, telling about all sorts of supDlies for
Fourth of July — Fireworks, Flags, 'Bunting, Phtola, Gap3, Ravolvera, Home Dis-
plays, etc., will be issued by the big store daring the coming week. Mailed to
any address on application. Tho Midsummer Book Bulletin,
giving a liat of all the new publications during the past month, will be issued
Tuesday. Can be obtained in Book Department, or will be mailed frea on application.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
Premiere $1.50 Kid Gloves are best.
'See our "t/ld " in Tuesday's Call.
Fans at Sacrifice Prices*
Commencing to-morrow »^^c*s
and during the entire . i#%p^f^^
week, if the quantities on hand i'^il^^^^^l^WwM^ 1
last, we offer a large importation of high- tS2v^€^f^^-^?f^§C^iS/
clas3 real • Ostrich Feather Fan3, with shell
blades, also tho correct siza and style of
Empire Fans, han-J-painted ganzo or epan- \^^^^^V3/sx\l/v^ A
gled. mostly b'ack, at
One-third off regular C/
prices*
Ostrich Fans— RaTJge in price regularly $1.75 to $5.00 each.
Em&irc Fans— Range in pries regularly from 35c to $5.00 each.
Bargain Tables— Main Aisle.
?JSfcJr'"""'' ¦*>¦
S (\s Electricity is the power of life, so the McLaughlin Belt gives \ V^^^ O
• VITALITY TO THE ORGANS! ENERGY TO THE NERVES! X^^^O sfflM •
• ANIMATION TO THE BRAIN! ACTION TO THE BLCODI •
© ¦ .' _. If every weaKroao and woroan used the /^^^l^^^M^^^^^^^ \ •
I Dr. McLaughlin- Electric Belt I
9 There wouldn't be a broKeQ-dowr) sufferer to-day. Stroog vitality is ne- S
• cessary to physical erjdurance and to carry on your worK to success- My />^*^^S^^^^^^^^fi r o
% Belt will re-enforce your systero and fill that aim of nature to Keep up your />^y^^^^S^^ — °
© vigor through life. This grand electric vitalizer yields natural circulation, I^^^Mj {SiSv^^S^r •
O Hore you pee the moans of your recov- RKAD THESE VVORD3: _--£*. JlBakw ' I «V «l^^ul Illll' %
w ness, dri\e out tnat^ itn eum atism. van- d k Pn ti r ply curod. cn<\ 1 am now SESr^SMsgSS 1 ! fDFP aBo# '^WtP^Wi W-fff/fWA 1 1 111 l'» •
S remed ° which ?haJ ™lled -thousands^ with able to work all . day without . suffering. The |^^^@^^ai|l KLC YSf / JL^^S^W^Mii\\ •'•''' il
A golden gladness of strong nerves , and yo'un^r" 1 I^ave^re^om'm'endVd your" Belt***" i|^gP^V^HiS,%N Off J^^^^^tS^^UllW iii>' !
q muscles. It has never failed. It will cure num ber cf friends whom I am surest will .E^P^jTB^li^V J/ I P
I DR. MA. McLAUGVriNT'^PliiUk l^^W w£90B^^ li
9 702 MARKFT ST Oor Kftarnv San Francisco oCiiu lUi tuio uuun. ¦ps*iHji||tj ; iJi 1 K'^|3l^\ . iVfjr.^ffir *mtF— ¦¦¦'^^^"^3." 1 r J (
9 ¦¦'¦¦; . And cor. Spring and Second Sts., Los Angelei. tree, iBr 1 11 |j itiH Airfffl X^^fc^^^^C^^ 1^*^^^^?^^^^ \
• Office Hours — 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays 10 to 1. " A^jBVaHElHBSsLM ~" ' — -"~ mrr^xT^^ .. *- »- Archaeological explorations in Algeria
are lagging, owing, to lack, of funds.
Services at St. Francis.
The Children of, Mary and the Holy
Childhood Sodality of St. Francis Church
will receive holy communion at the .7:30
o'clock mass to-day. In th»* evening the
vespers ..will be rendered by a choir of the
gentlemen's sodality. A sermon on "The
Descent of the Holy Ghost" will be
preached by the pastor. Rev. -T. Caraher.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS;
CALLED IDLEWILD— Subscriber. City.
The country seat of William K. Vander
bilt is called "Idlewild," not "Idle Hour."
i DRAW PEDRO-E. -W.-S., Vallejo. Cal.
In the game of draw pedro the count is
high, low, jack, game and pedro. If A
has : two to go and . holds deuce : and ten."
and B has : four to go and: holds ace and
jack (jack counting 3); B goes out first.
IN SOUTH AFRICA— Several
Subscribers. About the . middle .of last
September there were about 11,030 regular
British '¦¦ troops in South Africa.- There
were 13,000 in Natal on October 11, and at
the same date 5000 in Cape Colony. Sub
sequently 5000 came over from India' with
SlrGeorge White. ¦¦¦¦:: , ;• -¦-.
'¦- < NO ¦ MAN'S is LAND— R., ' Vallombrosa,
Cal. "No Man's Land" ' was originally ap
plied to a portion of South Africa between
.Cape" Colony and Natal on' the southeast-
Grace Care-wr Sheldon Here.
Miss Grace Car*>w Sheldon of Buffalo.
N. Y.. is in San Francisco. Miss Sheldon
is the author of two books and is also a
journalist. She was the first newspaper
woman permitted speech on the platform
at the International Press Congress held In
Parls'in 1S05. Her short address, deliv
ered In French, received the honor of In
corporation in the minutes of the con
gress, the only instance of such a dis
tinction being accorded to her sex.
Miss Sheldon ia "making a note of it"
here and will write' on California on her
return to the East.
ern slope of the Dreclcenberg Mountains."
The name is also given to Wilshire. a
parish of England; to" a piece of territory
v? I ? 1 uk . e3 ,9 ount y- Mass.. southwest of
ilarilia s \lneyard.- and was given aiso
to a district ceded by Texas to the United
States in 1K30. between 100 and 103 degrees
west, north of Texas. It was not included
under any Government, though often
wrongly represented as In the Indian Ter
ritory. It now constitutes Beaver County.
Oklahoma. This strip was ' at one time
called Cimarron.
'According to reports from Paris no one 'can see
the exposition without, having money to burn, andit
is almost like , lighting ten-dollar ¦ bills to see the
sights.
; There is one part of Chinatown at least which will
not suffer seriously from the Sullivan
alley lias been so completely isolated by permission of
the authorities that its former "exclusiveness" could
notbe increased.
A'great deal of praise has been given to the Boers
for the . mobility of their armies, -but the Filipinos
can discount them. Aguinaldo can get out of sight
while Oom Paul is saddling ; his horse" :;.
If Kruger. intends to fulfill his ! threat "to stagger
humanity" before he surrenders to" the British' it is
high: time for him to start the stag, or Roberts will
head him off. — -"' '
Confirmation Services.
Confirmation services will be held this
evening at the Bush-street synagogue,
commencing at 7 o'clock. Durlns the ser
vice Master W Illie ste ,"K, one of test
vear'<? conflrmants. will deliver a sermon
on "Remember Thy Creator." The foilow
irff named will be confirmed by Rabbi
Isidore Myers: Leon a Breslauer, Mabel
Frohman. Esther Indlg. Elsie Kahn, Ber
tha Klntrowitz. Clemense Marx, Jennie
Pechner. Irvln Bare. Laser Blum. Charles
Ferguson. David -Gutman, Leo Hlrsch
feld. Arthur Jacobs, Morris Katz. Edgar
Levy Simon Lutz, David Newman. La
den Reiss, * Sam Stern and Abraham
Straser:
Committees Complete Arrangements
for the Big Outing to Be Held
This Month.
All arrangements have been completed
by the committee In charge of the cele
bration of Bunker Hill day. The execu
tive committee held a meeting In Pioneer
Hall last evening and adjourned satisfied
that the celebration to be held at Glen
wood on the 18th of this month would sur
pass all previous affairs of ita kind. Th»
Second Regiment band will be there to
discourse delightful music for those who
dance. The patriotic literary programme,
although short, willl be excellent Merton
C. Allen, the well-known journalist and
orator, will deliver the oration. Mrs. Eva
Tenny will sing the "Star-Spangled Ban
ner," and other selections will be ren
dered by the Emalada Quartet. Five
thousand daintily finished folders are now
out and ready for distribution.
" Fully forty valuable articles have Deen
donated by Interested merchants aa prizes
for the games and races. More than usual
Interest is being shown In the celebration
this year and it is evident that the at
tonrirfnrA willl be lcxge. Invitations navo
been extended to all Patriotic societies.
State, city and county officials, the lour
societies comprising the Bunker Hill As
sociation. Sons of Vermont. Sons of^the
American Revolution and the Pioneers.
BUNKER HILL DAY TO BE
FITTINGLY CELEBRATED
Mr. J. Wesley Griffith, principal of th«
Heald3 Business College Night School,
and wife leave to-day for a seven months
tour of Europe. Their itinerary Includes
Kngland, Ireland, Scotland, Belgium, Hol
land, Italy, Switzerland and finally tn«
Paris Exposition.
LEGISLATION VERSUS DEMAGOGY.
.' .When the' anti-trust resolution came up for debate
on Thursday Richardson, the Democratic leader, en
deavored to. find a way to enable his followers to get
out of the dilemma that confronted them. He did not
¦vyish to go on record as opposing anti-trust legisla
tion, but* at the same time he was eager to prevent the
Republican .party from providing it, so he demanded
permission to offer amendments. The effort, how
ever, was blocked, .and in roply to a question why
.¦amendments were not permitted Grosvenor answered:
"Our justification is a perfect one. This is a proposi
tion' of the majority. We will be held responsible.
The' opposition will not share the burden, if burden
• it be. 2cfore the next session cf Congress the people
vHl have ample time to pass upon it This is a radi
cal action. . I v.as inclined to criticize it when the
Democratic leader, Mr. Bryan, suggested it in Chi
cago. I criticized it as undemocratic. Since that
lime Mr! Bryan has remained silent, but we are now
lie're- submitting it to 3*ou. You can either approve it
cr go on record against it."
Finding themselves unable to dodge the issue, and
being thus forced to approve the resolution or go on
record against it, the Democrats chose the latter al
ternative. Bailey of Texas made a long harangue in
which he declared the Republicans are hypocrites
and have no intention of passing the resolution. To
-.that charge the reply was easy. If the Republicans
had no intention to pass the resolution it was in the
power of the Democrats to show the fact by voting
for the measure and thus compelling the Republicans
either to pass it or to vote against it. Nothing could
be 1 easier than to expose an hypocrisy of the kind
Bailey had charged, but the result proved that Bailey
himself did not have confidence enough in his own
charge to put it to a test.
In summing up the debate Dalzell pointed out that
the difference between the political parties on this
issue is that the Democratic and Populistic parties
confine their opposition to speech-making, while the
Republican party believes in legislation. The Repub
lican party, he went on, placed on the statute-books
in 1890 the Sherman anti-trust law. The Democrats
came into power in 1892 on -a platform containing n
£trorg phr.l; against trusts. For four j-ears their
executive did not even take steps to enforce the law
the Republicans had enacted. The great Populistic-
Dcmocratic leader at Chicago declared that a consti
tutional amendment should be passed giving Congress
the. power to regulate trusts. "Yet. when we come
here," said he, "with that very remedy, the leader on
the other side appeals to h:s colleagues to stand
against it. You charge us with bad faith. You say
that no constitutional amendment that infringes the
power of the States should be passed. Your objec
tion is not to the form, but to the subject. The
remedy proposed by the gentleman from Texas al
ready exists. The Supreme Court has decided that it
is not sufficient. With that remedy alone Congress is
powerless. If the trusts are not to be frightened at
the prospect of this legislation it is because they know
that between it and them stands the Democratic party
in solid phalanx. You believe in demagogy- on the
etump; we believe in effective legislation upon the
statute-books."
That is an exact statement of the attitude of the
parties on the subject. Bryanlsm is for demagogy on
the stamp and Republicanism is for legislation on the
statute-books. With the exposure thus made of the
insincerity of Democratic clamors it is not- likely any
considerable number of voters will be fooled when
the Eryanites renew their howlings against trusts
during the coming campaign.
Q ¦ S was foretold by The Call, the Democrats in
j \' Congress, after having loudly clamored
¦ . " ¦ agaiirst trusts and 'demanded governmental
supervision and regulation, refused to support a
definite policy of regulation proposed by the Repub
vlicans of the House, and denounced with great vo
.ciferation an attempt on the part of the Republicans
to so amend the constitution as to give Congress
power to deal with such combinations effectively and
; guard the pub'.ic against the evils that result from
thcn - ' • .• . ...
Whether anything at all will be done by the Minis
try is doubtful,. but the correspondent of the. 'Gazette
says: "The idea of a separate state need not perhaps
be entertained seriously, though the reformers are
asking for it in a petition to the Queen which con
tains 26,000 signatures. The interesting point will be
whether, granted the undeniable and great under
representation of the, goldfields in the Western Aus
tralian; Parliament, Mr. Chamberlain can, with any
shred of consistency, abstain . from bringing the
strongest pressure to bear upon the Western Austra
lian Ministry in order that such adequate representa
tion may be accorded to -the mining communities as
shall enable' them to -redress their grievances.
It is not at all likely that the agitation will ever
be much more than a tempest in a teapot, and yet it
is an interesting illustration of British nature that so
much rage has arisen throughout the empire against
the Boers for restrictions placed upon foreign gold
seekers in the Transvaal while the Australians them
selves are placing exactly the same kind of restric
tions upon the gold-seekers in their country. The
Boers have the justification that they were trying
to protect their republic from domination by an alien
race, but the Western Australians have been guard
ing themselves < against their own countrymen. It is
therefore clear that if the British Ministry had even
the shadow of right to interfere in the Transvaal for
the protection of British subjects, it has an unques
tionable right to : interfere in Western Australia.
When it was made certain the Western Australian
Government would not concede them the desired
representation the Uitlanders organized a "Gold
fields' Reform League," and began to agitate for the
establishment of a separate government of their own.
The district which they proposed to have organized as
the state of Goldfields is said to contain more than
half the present population of Western Australia, and
yet it has only ten representatives in an Assembly of
fifty members, and but six ;n a Legislative Council of
thirty members. As an illustration of the injustice
of the situation it is pointed out that in one of the
older towns of the province 235 electors choose two
representatives in the Assembly, while only one. is
sllotted to the 3379 electors in Northeast Coolgardie.
ANOTHER UITLANDER GRIEVANCE.
WHENEVER the British Government com*
pletes the work of conquering the. Transvaal
Republic in the interest of the Uitlanders, and
satisfying all the claims of the gold-seekers against
the original possessor of the land, it will find more
work of the same kind awaiting attention in West
ern Australia. l\ appears the discovery of the gold
fields in that province has produced there a situation
almost identical with that which prevailed in the
Transvaal just before the war. .,:•
A correspondent of the London Westminster Ga
zette, in describing the controversy now going on
in the province, says that prior^to the discovery of
the goldfields the growth of population in Western
Australia had been • so slow that when responsible
government was finally granted in 1890 the total
population was but'45,ooo,'and the annual revenue
scarcely exceeded £400.000. At the end of 1898 the
population was estimated to be nearly 170,000, and the
revenue was £2,600,000. The increase in population
was almost entirely due to immigration from the
eastern Australian States. They had not been long
in their new homes before they began to complain
that the expanding revenue was being spent to an
excessive extent in the interests of the coastal dis
tricts, and to agitate for parliamentary representation
in proportion to their numbers. With this request
the Government refused to comply, on the ground of
the greater stake in the country possessed by those
employed in agricultural and pastoral pursuits.
For these 18,656 children y.-ho ought to be in school
but who arc not the State of California pays the city
of San Francisco the sum of $167,904. That money
should be spent for the education of those children
and not for the education of some other children.
Here is a problem which, demands the earnest con
sideration of the Board of Education during the sum
mer vacation. Another school year should not be
allowed to open without something being done to
improve the present deplorable condition of affairs.
Charity begins at home. We are civilizing the
Filipinos with shot, powder and whisky; what* are
we doing to civilize our own street arabs?
According to this report the number of children
between 5 and 17 in our public schools was 50,587;
private schools, 9311; total, 59.898.- "The number of
children who have not attended any school, public or
private, was 18.656. This showing is a trifle better
than that of last year, but there are still far too many
children running the streets or working for the sup
port of parents .who ought to be supporting them.
T\ FEW days ago The Call directed attention to
[\. the necessity for enforcing the compulsory
* education law. This necessity is emphasized by
the recently published reportyof the school census
raarslir.1 for the year tnding June 30, 1900.
OUR STREET ARABS.
, The postoffice frauds in Cuba have given ;McKinley
a chance. to adopt and live up to Grant's famous or
'ccr;*"i-et.no "guilty man-escape."
WHAT VALUE HAVE THE PHILIPPINES?
IT is daily becoming more evident that the natural
resources and commercial possibilities of the
Philippines have been greatly overestimated.
Every trained observer who comes home and tells his
story does something.to dispel the illusion that in the
far-disiant China Sea we have wrested from the' Span
iards a second El Dorado. .. : :
The unconscious testimony of an unwilling witness
is always the best.- Such testimony is offered by Mr.
George F. Becker, United* States Geologist, who in
the June Scribner's answers in the affirmative the
question, Are the Philippines worth having? The
facts he presents hardly justify his conclusion.
First, as to climate. . The statistics of rainfall and
temperature which Mr. Becker presents seem to show
that white men ought to be as healthy in the Philip
pines as in our Southern Stated But the reports of
our army surgeons show conclusively that they are
not, and the loads 6f dismal dead— few of whom have
been killed in* batfle— brought home by each return
ing transport prove that the tropics are indeed the
white man's grave. -\ '
For the unskilled whitelaborer the Philippines offer
no advantages whatsoever. This is now generally
recognized, and Mr. Becker grants this fact as "self
evident." His contention that if this be a valid ob
jection to holding the Philippines we should 'not hold
the Gulf States either— this contention overlooks the
consideration that you do not solve a complicated
domestic problem by adding to it a complicated for
eign problem; you merely, make matters worse.
The prosperity of the Gulf , States depends upon
negro labor, and the negro question is the most dif
ficult and dangerous public question with which we
have to deal to-day.
If not a trained sociologist, Mr. Becker is a trained
geologist. His admissions as to the poverty of the
Philippines in gold, iron, coal and forests have there
fore a value which cannot be claimed for his political
theories. Of gold he says: "I have been able to ob
tain no information warranting the belief; that. there
is any highly important gold-field in the archipelago.
* . .?-¦ *,, I consider the gold resources of the Phil
ippines comparable with those of the, Carolinas and
Georgia rather than with those of Colorado or^Cali
foraia." The so-called coal he declares to be "not
a true coal, but a lignitcpf the eocene age.^ *, ••¦* .'.*
Its heating effect is fromvtwo-thirds to three-quar
ters that of Cardiff coal." Of.iron ore all that Mr.
Becker can say is that it "exists in IyUzon." He has
tens to add: "Without true coal, however, the iron
industry cannot become a great one." The -forest
area : he estimates at 40.000 square , miles. The insig
nificance of this is brought out when we remember
that the Pacific States alone contain 53,000,000 acres
of forest land, the United States 500,000,000, in addi
tion to 860,000,006 acres], of waste or unoccupied land
capable of timber, production. ¦
J. S. Hermann, a merchant of Fresno,
is at the Lick.
John Drew, )ihe noted actor. Is back
again at the Palace, to remain over Sun
day. ' ¦ i
H. C. Woodrow, a well known mine
owner of California, ia a euest at the Oc
cidental. ':>.-'¦
E. McLaughlln, a banker of San Jose
is at the Occidental and will remain In the
city over Sunday.
Dr. H. D. C. Barnhart of Santa Cruz
and Dr. S. L. Blake of "WeavervlUe are
guests at the Lick.
M. Gibson, an official of the Canadian
Government, residing at Hamilton. On
tario. Is at the Palace with his wife.
E. A. Brinkerhoff, a wealthy resident ot
Englewood, N. J., is at the Palace, ac
companied by his wife and four daugh
ters. , '/ ..•
Gcfftge T. Myers. & -wealthy salmon
packer of Portland, who haa been In the
city all week with Mrs. Llyers, left last
night on the overland for home. He has
been a member of the Oregon Legislature
for seven terms and is again a candidate.
PERSONAL MENTION.
—^ EV. I. T. HEADLAND, a Methodist
Lj missionary in China and one' of the
."l^f professors of the Peking • Univer
, \ eity, recently passed through San
V Francisco on his way East. Being
a man of education " and research
and- having mixed freely for ten years
with every class of Mongolian, his views
on the situation in China are of interest.
He said the spread of the Christian faith
and even its very existence depend abso
lutely upon the success there of the party
of • enlightenment.
"If the Empress Dowager had her way
and were not kept In check by the fear of
foreign intervention there would not be
a missionary left alive in China to-day,"
said Rev. Mr. Headland. "The unruly
section of the lower or criminal classes,
secretly encouraged by the authorities. Is
only too anxious to seize every opportun
ity for assaulting European missionaries.,
whose presence, as foreigners, is intense
ly - disagreeable to them. The Chinese
Government, powerful as it Is. professes
itself unable to suppress these bandits,
whose excesses imperil the life of every
missionary in the interior* provinces.
Banded together in so-called secret so
cieties or sects they not only threaten
foreigners, but Hhey -levy systematic
blackmail upon their own fellows. The
most powerful of these societies are the
so-called Boxers, whose Chinese title 1|
? I Ho Tuan,' which . being translated
means 'Righteousness, Peace and t the
Fist ' Nominally their intention is to
obtain victory by the use of natural
means only, but in actual practice .they
nave been found to employ the ugliest of
weapons, such as knives, stones and
clubs. .Allied with them and still more
dangerous Is the 'Big Knife Society,
whose name explains itself. These men
are armed with a bolo or, machete almost
like a sword and their favorite method of
execution is by decapitation. They are
responsible for the recent assassination of
the American missionary Booth at Shan
tung a wanton crime, for which this
Government is at the present moment de-
m "Na i tm-a r ny "enough the missionaries
have been the chief sufferers from the
turbulent unrest which permeates the
whole of Mongolia. Other foreigners,
engaged in commercial or professional
pursuits, live at the treaty ports, where
they are under the protection of men-of
war guns. The missionaries fearlessly
take their lives Into their own hands and
with more zeal than discretion penetrate
hundreds of miles into the interior, even
as far as the sacred mountain of Tain. 500
miles from the. coast. Their lonely sta
tions are constantly exposed to attack
and the handful of converts which they
may gather round them Is rather a source
of danger than security. Yet, .strange
ly enough, it is to these very missionaries
that China owes the initiation of , the
great movement now in course of develop
"The story affords a curious commen
tary on the contradictory phases of the
Oriental character. The last Emperor,
Kuang Hsu, though brought up, strictly
within the confines of the palace and ed
ucated under the watchful eye of his aunt,
the Empress Dowager, displayed liberal
tendencies of the most alarming char
acter. This sort of thing, of course,
proved too much for the watchful Dow
ager and as there wa3 no telling, where
It would end, she cut the promising young
reformer's career abruptly short by-de
posing him. While absorbed in the study
of St Luke's Gospel he was seized one
day and removed to- a lonely isle, where
he is still supposed to be. Every precau
tion is taken to prevent his escape, and
the soldiers guarding- him are changed
dally.. bo as to obviate any possibility, of
corruption. Kang I Wei. the leader of
the liberal party and the King's chief ad-
METHODIST MISSIONARY
ON CHINA'S CONDITION
"The deposition of Kuang marked the
initiation of the. era of despotism and
cruelty under which the once patient
Chinamen are revolting. There was no
longer any check on the Dowager's lust
for power. As a mere formality she ap
pointed a boy, Pu Chen, as Emperor. His
only claim to the throne is that he is the
brother of this old woman's husband or
master. Though the nominal ruler of this
vast empire, the lad is but fifteen years of
age, and under the guidance of the Dow
ager is already versed in all the unfath
omable wickedness peculiar to the rich
Chinese. All the teachers selected for the
boy are of the most conservative char
acter, and even should he live to attain
his majority China has little to hope from
his rule. Meanwhile the Dowaeer Is se
cure in power. Nothing short of a revo
lution can Ehift her. and unless the grow
ing strength of the reform party forces
her hand she wjll continue to govern
China on the same conservative and ex
clusive lines, hoping, by playing off. one
great power against another, to postpone
indefinitely the threatened partition of her
empire.
THE REV. I. T. HEADLAND.
viser, also incurred the Dowager's dis
pleasure, and he would promptly have lost
his head had he not made a dramatic es
cape to Hongkong. There he established
himself as the head of the revolutionary
Junta, which has now ramifications in
all parts of the world wherever Chinese
are to be found.
and an exultation of thought over the
good he has accomplished, which Is to him
a possession far richer than any amount
of public praise. • • " .
"Such ia the glory that these good and
true men of this Actors' Fund, whom I
see around me, possess to-day, and no
matter what the malicious and the en
vious may say, such, and such only. Is the
glory they covet."
I am not sure but that there Is a play In
Mr. "W. C. Morrow's excellently written
novel, "A Man:*Hl3 Mark" (LJppincott).
There Is certainly a fine theme — the hero
ism of a man whom neither detraction nor
the opportunity for revenge can turn
aside from the performance of duty— and
there are also at least two Intensely dra
matic situations. The order of scenes In
the play would have to differ from that
In the novel ; rearranged, they would come
about as follows:
Act 1 would be laid in San Francisco anf
would center around Laura. It would
show her quarrel with her lover due to
her jealousy of Ada: her plan for reveng
ing herself upon Ada by convincing: Wil
der that Ada had thrown him over, tna
means by which she carried out thta plan
and the resultant death of Ada. "Wilder,
of course, must not be allowed to see)
Laura In this act or to have the least sus
picion that she Is the cause of Ada 9
death. Act 2 would show the Interior or
Wilder*s hut on the slopes of Mount Shas
ta. To this rude refuge h© would bring
Laura, whom he had rescued from a Jan
uary storm. In which her father had been
killed. (In ijii3 act I would have none of
the traumaflirgy and the chirurgery with
which Mr. Morrow has plentifully be
sprinkled the scene and which constitute.
It seems to me. a blemish In his work.) In
the course of their conversation Laura
should tell to Wilder the story (Just as she
does In the*novel> of how she separated
him from Ada. Here is one of the two
dramatic situations I referred to. Then
would come the tremendous scene in
which he denounces her as a murderess,
threatens to execute Justice upon her, but
finally, recalled by sense of what is due
to her sex and position, stays his hand
Act 3 would show Laura and wilder still
Imprisoned In the hut, would show him
weak and ill from starvation endured that
she might have sufficient from his scanty
stock of food; would show her unconscious
of this part of his sacrifice, yet touched
and softened by his thoughtful care for
her; would show the honorable deception
by which he makes her mistake him for
Dr." Malbone: would conclude with their
rescue by the real Dr. Malbone: the
revelation by him to Laura of the real
situation and the death of Wilder In the
arms of the woman who had so cruelly
wronged him. • " m
Thi3 play would have no comic relief:
this play would end tragically, because
logically; this play -would be a represen
tation of an improbable but quite possible
series of dramatic happenings true to life.
For having written a novel from which so
rational and interesting a play could be
constructed Mr. Morrow must of course
be duly penalized. And he will be. for lrj
the present condition of the theatrical
market no one will dare to dramatize bis
book. :"••:*. :„¦ '
adoption. "You Never Can Tell'Vhas Just
been produced at the Strand Theater with
the - most . gratifying success, and some
American manager has lost the chance of
his lifetime. I have urged two managers
in this country to consider the play, but
they, would npt even read it. Mr. Archer
has a long account of the play In the
London World of May 9. He classes it as
"a philosophic extravaganza, ingeniously
humorous, brilliantly witty and revealing
under its irresponsible surface aspects an
intellectual capacity of the first order.
Though the managers have not yet dis
covered the fact. Mr. Shaw is assuredly
one of the two or three leading forces to
be reckoned with in the theatrical world."
I respectfully commend this play to Mr.
Goodwin's consideration. It contains a
part for him— the Seraphic Waiter— that
would afford full scope for his whimsical
humor.
• ''.'. • " ¦ •
The nineteenth century annual meeting
of the Actors' Fund was held in New York
on the loth of May. Louis Aldrich was re
elected president and John Drew vice
president. The president urged the pur
chase 6f a home in New York for old and
disabled actors, where those now being
cared for in outside institutions could be
cared for more comfortably and with less
expense. He also called attention to the
fact that of the 6S1 applications for relief
received by.the society only 38 were from
members with dues paid. Was there ever
a profession containing so large a propor
tion of grown-up children as does the
actors'?
The Actors* Fund Is one of the noblest
and best administered charities in the
United States. Shame on those who tra
duce it; who bite the hand that feeds; who
refuse it their support while in prosperity,
but rush to its sheltering arms at the first
breath of adversity! These wretches re
ceived from A. M. Palmer a well merited
castigation. in words no Ies3 true than
plnnimtit Mo eo1/1»
"The cruel things that are sometimes
said emanate for the most part from
those people who have never taken the
trouble to enroll themselves in the mem
bership of our fund, and the cruelest and
meanest thing they can utter Is that
which they seem most ready to utter,
namely, that our president and our of
ficers are merely seeking, in all they do
for s the poor people of our profession, to
get advertisement and glory for them
selves. Never was therr a greater slan
der. Never was there a more viperous
lie. The truth is, that to the faithful and
loyal worker in a cause like ours there
comes a glory which rises far above all
considerations of esteem ?r praise or pub
lic or private recognition on the part of
others. It Is a glory which such a one
has within himself. It is the satisfying
reflection that, as ho has passed along
through life he has been able to live some
times outside of self, to do sonfethlng to
ease the burdens of the poor, to smooth
the pillow of the sick and to make lighter
even the shadowy pathway to death. And
if to him there never comes even a whis
pered 'Thank you* from the objects of his
care nor a word of appreciation from the
lookers on, it affeots him not, for there is
still left an inward satisfaction, a glory
SV\ R -' GOODWIN'S contention Is un?
Ill doubtedly true. We are only a
I I I few tens of thousands . of years
II from the pithecoid ape and "a
"/ . . ¦;" considerable portion" of . the ; pub
lic does still ."want the nasty things", of
the "stage. Little more than 200 years ago,
as wo may see In the comedies of iCon
greve and Wyeherley, the entire theater
going public wanted things put down even
below the level of "Zaza" and "The Tur
tle." Now the mudlarks, are In a minority
and the' police have clipped their wings
so that they cannot dive as low as they
were wont. There has been some pro- /
gress. ¦
Mr. Goodwin's courage In tellling the
mudlarking portion of the public Just
what he thinks of It is unconventional and
admirable. But 1 cannot follow him when
he claims that the presentation of a mere
tricious play is entirely the public's af
fair and not at all the actor's. On this
principle the public should allow an open
market for the rotten fruit and diseased
milk; the fellows who Bell this rotten
fruit and diseased milk should not be re
strained, for it must be the public's busi
ness whether It buy the stuff or not. Yet
experience has shown It is both wise and
necessary to prosecute sellers of diseased
food; they are enemies to the health of
society. ¦ .
"Why blame the actor?" asks Mr. Good
win. First, because an actor is a man
and a citizen, who, like every other citi
zen, must refrain from any public exhi
bition that offends public morals; second,
because an actor who* expects the public
to respect him must respect himself.
It looks a little as If Mr. Go"odwln were
fearful - lest the public and the critics
should take "When We j Were Twenty-
One" for an Immoral play or a forbidden
topic. If this be so, I am sorry he gave
us credit for so little power of discrimina
tion. We understand, I think, that the
theater is not a kindergarten; that it is
not even a place pour les Jeunes fllles;
that It is rather an institution that ap
peals more powerfully than even the
novel to a vast class of men and women;
people who are capable of thinking -for
themselves, but who realize generalized
truths most strongly when presented to
them through the medium of the emo
tions. Such people ask only of the dra
matist that his treatment be serious and
in conformity with the laws of human ex
perience. This observed, there are very
few subjects they would consider im
proper for stage treatment.
• Nearly two years ago I expressed the
opinion that George Bernard Shaw's "You
Never Can Tell" (published In 1S9S) was
the. best English comedy of the century-
How the managers have managed to over
look It all this time passes my compre
hension; yet 'tis not so •wonderful after
all; the most intelligent manager I ever
knew had never read and had but acci
dentally heard of "Le Gendre de M.
Polrier!" However, "some London man
ager—Frank Curzon, I think— has at last
SUNDAY JUNE 3. 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Frdprietor %
!-Addrei* A!! Communicaions to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Malm 1SOS.
EDITORIAL IIOOMS... .217 to 2il Ste-ren»on St.
¦ ¦ Telephone Slnln 1874.
& " ~ ~ —
BUBONIC plague does not exist in Chinatown. As an epidemic it never existed
there. That much has been made evident by the investigations of Dr. "George F.
Shrady, the eminent specialist who came from New York at the request of The
Call and the Herald to seek oift the truth and make it known. Every step taken in his
investigation and all the results obtained thereby have been frankly stated over his own
signature. Nothing has been exaggerated, por has anything been concealed. The
rumors arising from ignorance or from half knowledge have been refuted and the scare
dissipated. The situation is cleared up. San Francisco has nothing to fear from China
town if ordinary care be exercised, nor have other localities anything to fear from San
Dr. Shrady's final words upon the subject are emphatic and convincing. In an in
terview published in The Call yesterday he said: "In consideration of the fact that the
people of the United States have expressed great uneasiness at the situation in San
Francisco, I want to declare positively that there is not the remotest danger of con
tagion in San Francisco if the proper radical measures recommended are carried out. I
do not apprehend any danger in the future. It seems to me so evident from the present
condition of things that plague does not exist in San Francisco that I would not hesi
tate to spend the summer in this city with my family if it were necessary so to do, be
lieving thus that I would run no special danger and with the knowledge that I would be
absolutely free from contagion."
The declaration of this eminent authority that there is no danger of bubonic plague
in San Francisco, based as it is upon conclusions drawn from a thorough investigation
which disclosed only a few sporadic cases of plague in Chinatown, and not one single liv
ing case, will put an end to any further anxiety on the subject among intelligent people
of all parts of the country. With that phase of the situation, then, we need deal no fur
ther. There remains to consider the counsel of Dr. Shrady- given to the city itself;
that of the duty of cleaning Chinatown of all its filth and disease-breeding germs, and
keeping it clean hereafter so long as it stands in the city.
Upon that point Dr. Shrady's language is worth noting, and remembering: "You
must not make an excuse to clean the spot because there is plague here," he .;aid,
"but you must act solely on the ground that the district is in a filthy condition." That is
the sum and substance, the pith and point of "the issue. The"' movement ,-f or the cleansing
of Chinatown is not called for by any menace of bubonic plague, *nor : should it be un
dertaken as a temporary remedy applied to a temporary evil. It must be planned and
directed toward the eradication of everything that is pestilential or foul in the Chinese
quarter, and it must be f maintained as a permanent part of the health regulations of the
city. In other words, Chinatown must be first thoroughly disinfected, the underground
burrows closed up, the buildings put into good sanitary conditions, and then the health
and fire regulations of the city must be enforced there with firmness and with thorough
ness from this time on. • . /
The prompt and liberal response which the business men of 'the city have made to
the call for money to aid in the work of the health authorities , is- in the highest degree
gratifying. Such large subscriptions and voluntary contributions to the fund will give
to the country at large the amplest and best assurance that the people of San Francisco
do not intend to take chances with pestilence, nor will they hesitate in applying the re
quired remedy for such evils as exist, no matter what it may cost.
Such being the condition of affairs, there need be no longer any anxiety about the
plague, nor about any menace which may have been lurking in the slums of Chinatown.
San Francisco is all right. -'
THE END OF THE BUBONIC SCARE.
18
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 3, 1900.
MR. GOODWIN
and his PUBLIC
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> at Townaend's.*
Now ready. July styles Standard pat-
terns. Domestic office. 1021 Market st. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allan's). BID Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. •
AUCTION" SAXES.
By Ch&s« & ifenc.er.luai— Monday, Jen* 4. at 17SJ Market
ertreet. Horses.
¦ By W. O. La yng— Monday. June 4, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
TT1 Howard Etxeet- -.;¦,.*'
AMTJSEHEKTS.
Gr*n4 Oi«r*-fcou6»— "14S2."
¦ , Alcazar-" A 8u»erflaouj Uu6band."
.. Onsheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "When We Were Twenty-one."
. '' California— "A Hae Bab7."
TlvolS— "The Ttree Guardsmen."
• * OU'Jspla. corner Mason aa3 Eddy etreet*— Specialties.
Cfcutea. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ewainc. • '.:-,'
'¦ ¦ Tlschn's— "Lucia" ana "HutruenoU."
. : Vtiiua Coursins- Park— Courdlne to-day.
¦ -Zsriseitt: Cou ruins Park— Courslnc to-day.
• Recreation Park— Baseball.
• . Eutro Bathe— Open cltfcts.Among 100.000 Germans there are twen
ty-one suicides «ver»" year, most of them
cssd between •* V • 20.
$1.000.000. to charity, providing only an an
nual Income of $4000 for his widow. Under
the law of New Hampshire the bequest U
void. .The heirs will also contest the will
on the additional ground of undue influ
ence.
Two nephews and one niece of the de
ceased millionaire who live in this State
are among the contestants. The best
known is Willis P. Haynes. a son of John
Haynes. Supreme Court Commissioner.
The young man is mentioned in the will
of his uncle, it being provided that he
shall receive tZOO at once and $300 me re at
the end of three years.
Attorney Henry will probably be absent
for some time and hopes to secure the en
tire estate for the heirs.
The Rock Island people have expressed a
willingness to take up the matter and
push it to completion.
Shanklin Acquitted.
FRESNO. June 2.— At about 11 o'clock
to-night the jury that tried J. W. Shank
lin. the ex-City Clerk, for embezzlement,
brought In a verdict of acquittal. Shank
lin is now free of all charges and the
District Attorney will not prefer any more
against him. On the first trial Judge
Cook of San Francisco instructed the jury
to acquit, but Judge Risley to-day allowed
the case to go to the jury- The panel de
liberated five hours. The legal ownership
of the money was the point that Shanklin
escaped on. It being claimed that it did
not belong to the city.
shades. He has a little workroom all to
himself, and, like everybody else In this
great swarming hive, he Is busy.
Down in the shipping department we
can't help but note how nicely arranged
and adjusted everything is. Furniture
descending from the wareroom by the ele
vator is loaded in wagons that stand be
side the platform. In the rear of the
building is a driveway, and a team and
wagon can enter from one street and,
after the wagon is loaded under cover,
exit on another street.
Here we encounter Mr. Pattosien. He
was superintending the loading of a lot of
goods that were going out.
"Our large country orders," he ex
plained, "and so many rainy days during
the winter season made It necessary for us
to have ' a shipping room where we
could load under cover. We are filling
country orders every day. The farmer
needs the rain to make crops. We need
this cover to prevent the rain from Injur
ing the furniture we send him. Have you
been through all the departments?"
Japanese Garden.
COUNTY CONVENTIONS HELD.
Ep<»clal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June ' 2.— The Demo
cratic convention met in this city to-day,
and selected the following delegates to
the State convention: J. W. Cochrane, J.
W. Keys, Thomas Redding. 11. F. Coch
rane and Adolph Sylva. Sylva is the Saus
allto man and was elected to the State
convention by the delegates from that Su
pervisorial district- .
MODESTO, June 2.— The Stanislaus
County Democratic convention to-day
elected the following delegates to the
State convention: Professor R.\ E. Mur
tha. James I. Jones, R. F. Covert, J. H.
Maddrill. Q. H. Crow, G. • R. Stewart, L.
J. Maddux and E. L. Barkis. A resolu
tion indorsing L. J.. Maddux of this coun
ty for the Democratic nomination for
Congress from the Seventh District was
carried unanimously.
MARTINEZ, June 2.— The democratic
County Convention mot to-day and elected
the following delegates to the State Con
vention at Sacramento: W.H. McDonald,
Crockett; J. Conway, Danville; William
Cavln, Concord; J. Curry, Clayton; C.F.
Montgomery, Antioch; at large— W. a.
Burpee. Walnut Creek: R.H. Latimer,
Martinez, and J. L. Walton, Pinole.
NAPA. June 2.— The Democratic County
Convention* held here to-day elected the
following delegates to the State Conven
tion at Sacramento: John Walden, Frank
Silva, John Duvall, Ernest, Mason, Kirt
ley Buford, Joseph Wright, John . York
and Theodore Bell. The delegates were
instructed to work for the nomination of
Bryan. District Attorney Bell of this
county" was indorsed for Congress "from
the First district. i >-
WOODLAND," June; 2.— The Democratic
County Convention has elected the follow
ing delegates to the State Convention:. At
large— Ed E. Leake, M. V. 8parks. L. H.
Knight.' B. F.'Houx and J.'D. Barry; dis
trict delegates— Oeorge- Scully Jr., R.. L.
Brigga. II. H. Snowball, : C. • W. Thomas.
J.W.Monroe, ,' '
Fourth of July Celebration Will Be
the Most Elaborate in the His
tory of the County.
Special Dispatch to Tfc^ Call.
SAN JOSE, June 2.— The Elks are mak
ing big preparations for the Fourth of
July celebration, arud it is advanced far
enough' now to show that it will be the
greatest nation's birthday celebration
ever; held in Santa Clara County. Elks
from all over the State will be present
and many of the lodges are coming in
force. Director General Brandon is busy
making arrangements, and the reception
tendered to visiting members will be lav
ish. The fun will be fast and furious for
two days, during which there will be pa
rades, balls, banquets, fireworks and a
general jollification.
Cash prizes that will make It an object
for lodges and citizens to participate in
the parade have been offered, and the
merchants and citizens have agreed to
decorate profusely.
The prizes in connection with the parade
are: Largest visiting Elk lodge bringing
band of music, first prize, $125; second
prize, $75. Largest lodge or. society in un
iform, first prize, $25; second. $15. Lodge
containing largest number of uniformed
members, first prize, $25: second. $15. For
best floral decorated four-in-hand, first
prize,' $25: second. $15. Best decorated
horse tandem, first prize. -425; second $15.
Best pole team, first prize, $20: second, $10.
Best decorated bicycle tandem, $10. Best
decorated single wheels $5. Best decorat
ed automobile, first prize, $40; second. $25.
Best .appearing lady on horseback, with
escort, "first prize, $10; second, $5. Best
float, first -¦ prize. $75; second $50. - Best
characters in the Calathumpians In day
parade, first prize, $15; second, $10; third,
$5. - -Best decorated store or nlace of busi
ness in the city, first prize, $75; second, $50.
The contest for the Goddess of Liberty
has been started and; promises to be a
spirited one.. There are some twenty-five
candidates. ; Miss Gene '.Veuve leads the
list at present, with Miss Alice Gusaefeld
a good second.
New Railroad Planned.
Special , Dispatch, to The Call. .
; TUCSON. : Ariz.. June 2.— Negotiations
are, now pending for the construction of a
railroad from El '¦¦ Paso, Tex., to Bisbee,
Ariz. The distance will be about 300 miles.
It Is . said on good authority ¦ that ¦ the
Copper .-. Queen i Mining. Company - has of
fered to Join with the Santa Fe In the
building of the line. if the Santa Fe people
desire to join ¦with the copper company.
ENTERTAINMENT FOR
ELKS IN SAN JOSE
EpeciaJ Dispatch to The Call.
SOUTH McALKSTER. I. T.. June 2.—
Judge J. R. Thomas of the United States
Court for the Northern District has Just
handed down a very Important decision
In a ca*e styled John McGrath vs. Lem
Aldrldge et al., which affects the land
question In the Indian Territory and
which virtually sets aside the Curtis law
passed by Congress for the regulating of
t r:';::rt in the Indian Territory, which law-
Judge Thomas tays does not set aside the
constitution of the United States. The
decision Is as follows:
This agreed ita\fr.ent of facts presents the
Quertion of the rl«^il of a citizen not In po«
tr-seion of land In the Cherokee Nation to take
l<os*»SBion «f lands of the Cherokee Nation
without reference to the fact that another
farty already has it in his possession, for the
f.-urpewe ot making a homestead.
This land of the Cherpketr Nation wa» pat
t-rx^o. to thorn by the Government of the
I'nlted State*, and by virtue of the several
treaties entered Into between th* Oo\*ernment
Ot th* Cnlwd Ft*te« and the Cherokee Nation
It was provided that the Cherokee Nation
ehould h»v* the rlpht of government In ail
fijmertlc affairs. It is provided by th« first
treaty entered into between the Government
of th« United States and the Cherokee Nation.
and the earn* provision ha* b«*n ratified la
each rucct«iinir treaty, that no law passed by
the Cherokee Nation should be In violation of
ti:e constitution cf the United States. If the
constitution of the United States, of its own
force, does not become operative over all po«
!¦ -(•;. r.r < f the United Ftate* that matter has
tx-tn <lli«poeed of by agreement, and It does
not com* within the ftazne ruJe which Is
claimed to rovern the Island of Porto Rico
en the one hand or the Philippine Islands on
u.e ether. This la a Government of the peo-
Citizens of Cherokee Nation May Go
Upon Public Domain and Make
Improvements Which Become
&n Inheritable Estate.
Declares It Conflicts With
the Constitution of the
United States.
JUDGE THOMAS
SETS ASIDE THE
CURTIS BILL
WASHINGTON, June 2.— Only one vote
was cast in the House to-day against the
Llttlefleld anti-trust bill to amend the
Sherman act of 1SD0 to make it more ef
fective in | the prosecution of trusts and
combinations, their agents, officers or at
torneys. Mann (R.) of Illinois cast the
negative vote; The bill, according to the
statements of the Republican leaders,
goes to the limit of the authority of Con
gress under the constitution. AH the
Democratic : minority amendments except
one were defeated. That was an amend
ment declaring that nothing in the act
should' be construed to apply to trades
unions or labor organizations. All except
eight Republicans — Aldrich of Alabama,
Alien and -¦ Littleneld of Maine, Bailey,
Long and Calderhead of Kansas and Can
non and Hltt of Illinois— voted foriit. .
The bill amends the Sherman anti-trust
law so as- to declare every contract or
combination in, the 'form of trust or con
spiracy in restraint of commerce among
the States or • with ¦ foreign nations ; illegal,
nnd every party to such contract or com
bination guilty of a. crime punishable by a
line of not less : than 5500 nor ' more than
$5000. and by imprisonment not less than
eix months nor more than two years.' 'It
provides that any person Injured by, a'.vio
lation of the : provisions of the law may
recover threefold. damages.
ii The definition' of "person" and "per
sons", in the present law Is enlarged eo as
to include » the agents, officers or. attor
neys of corporations. .For purposes of
commerce . it -.declares • illegal all' cor
porations: or associations or
carrying on ' business, for -' purposes
declared - Illegal by -, the ./common ->• law;
provides -that -.they • may ., be 'perpet
ually enjoined from carrying on Interstate
commerce and • forbids the us© ¦ of : the
Amends the Sherman Law So as to
Make More Effective the Pro
secution of Unlawful .
Combines.
ONLY ONE VOTE
CAST IN FAVOR
OF THE TRUSTS
Littlefield's Bill Passed by
the House Almost
Unanimously.
ple and by the people and for the people,
and fundamental law governing a people gov
erns every inch of their possessions.
The constitution of the United States is pat
in force here. The Cherokee law provides,
among ether things, that citizen* of the Chero
kee Nation may go upon the public domain
and make Improvements and that the Improve
ments become an Inheritable estate. It Is pro
vided by the constitution of the Cherokee Na
tlcn, and thl» Is not In conflict with the con
stitution of the United States, that the Im
provements made by a citizen of the Cherokee
Nation are not subject to attachments or sale
under execution. It Is a vested property right.
By a provision of the fifth article of th«
amendments to the constitution of the United
States It is provided that a person »hall not
be deprived of life. liberty and property with
out due process of law. The Supreme Court of
the United States and other courts of last re
port have decided that an act of Congress Is
net "due process of law." In order to be due
process of law there mupt be an action brought
in a court of competent Jurisdiction, where the
rights of the plaintiff are presented on the one
hand and the rights of the defendant are pre
sented ty way of answer and then the ques
tion at Issue be determined Judicially by. the
court. That has been decided to be due pro
cess of law. The Congress of the United States
has endeavored In the seventeenth and eight
eenth sections of the Curtis act to eay that
citizens subject to the constitution. Its amen
ities and protection, may be deprived of prop
erty which the laws of the Cherokeo Nation
and the constitution of the United States
•authorize them to hold and enjoy without due
process of law. The court decides that that
cannot be legally done. The court further de
cides that one citizen cannot take it upon
himself to determine that another man has In
his possession .more than his proportionate
chare of the public domain of the Cherokee
Nation. There is not a man alive to-day who
can say what the proportionate share of a
citizen of the Cherokee Nation Is.
That <>¦ a matter which can only be deter
mined when allotment Is made, or when It Is
known exactly how much there Is of It and
when a census has b*«i made and it is known
to a Fir.trle individual the number of Cherokee
citizens, then, and net until then, would it be
possible to determine what the proportionate
fchare of each Cherokee citizen Is. The court
will not say that the Cherokee Nation, by
proper process, might not condemn, if it werr
discovered after allotment that a man had In
his possession more than his proportionate
»hare, that the Cherokee Nation, as a govern
ment and as the representative of this com
mon property, might not proceed to have this
property condemned, giving compensation to
the owner of the property for the improve
ments, and then throw it open for settlement
or selection as a part of the public domain,
but he cannot be deprived of It without due
process of law. and until it is determined . that
he has more than he is'entltlrd to even the
Cherokee Nation cannot have him dispossessed.
One citizen cannot 6ay: "Here, John Jones.
you have more than you are entitled to; I have
been lazy and Improvident and have not tried
to B*t a farm, you have gone to work and
oi^ned out this possession and the improve
ments under the law;- you have more than your
tbare and I am polnp to take it for my home."
John Jon** says: "Tou will not take it until
I have been raid for my Improvements." • -
The Curtis bill Is very sweeping. It contains
many provisions and is capable of many differ
ent constructions. It is ,: the first - : serious . at
tempt the court ha« ever seen of Congress at
tempting to repeal an amendment to the con
stitution by an act of Congress. ' But the court
lr of the opinion that the Curtis bi II does ' not
repeal the constitution of the United States,
nor any of 1U provisions, and U wholly lnon-
eratlve. since the Cherokee Nation has not en
tered Into a treaty authorizing the allotment
of their 4 omm<>n Property.
What the condition of affairs mlgrht be lr
there had been a treaty entered into between
the United States Government and the Chero
kee Nation authorizing- the allotment of their
lands— disturbing the present title— Is quite an
other thing. This land was bought and paid
for by the Cherokee Indians with their own
money and their own property. It was pat
ented to them. It has been urged that the
Cherokees are Indians and wards of the Gov
ernment, that Congress has the right to gov
ern them as it sees fit; that they are wards
of the Government, In other words, minors,
and that the Government has the right to ruie
them. Cut it appears to me that that view
would hardly be Justified by law. and, in fact,
the court thinks It could not be tolerated for
a minute. These Indians were regarded as of
age and able to contract when the Government
bought their property from them: when they
bought the Cherokee Strip and their lands in
Georgia and Tennessee. The plea of Infancy can
only be pleaded by the Infant and not by any
other party. The Government cannot plead that
these are infants, slnee the Government by its
own contract recognizes their right to con
tract.
United States malls. It provides for the
production of persons and papers and con
fers jurisdiction upon United States Cir
cuit and District courts for the trial of
causes under it and authorizes any per
son, firm or corporation or association to
begin and prosecute proceedings under It.
[ [ 1 HERE is a tide in the affairs of
j men, which, taken at the flood,
I . loads on to fortune." It is
.. knowing when the tide is at
2or.d that makes us wise.
This Etory is a tale of business euc
cees. The reader may classify It with
the **flood that leads on to fortune,"
luck or the making of an opportunity, as
¦the facts in his Judgment seem to war-
It has been only two years since the
Paitosien Company was organized and
made the radical departure of establish
ing a. big store in the Mission. This lo
cality is not even near the business cen
ter of the city and the knowing one3
shrugged their shoulders and tapped their
foreheads significantly when the venture
was discussed, but William J. Pattosien,
the president and organizer of this com
jar.y, knew what he was about. He
v.-anted plenty of room and light. These
could not be obtained down town, and
the nearest approach to them would cost
a b!g sum for rent. At a tenth of the cost
he get what he wanted in the Mission,
and if It were not near the business cen
ter It Is near the geographical center and
conveniently reached by street car lines
from every section of the city. The only
thing that remained to be done was to
get the goods and sell them at low prices
that buying in extraordinarily large
quantities and unusually low rents would
jjermlt and let the people know about It.
Has the enterprise been a success? An
nnnex has recently been completed which
has nearly doubled their store room. The
additions and improvements make this not
only one of the largest house furnishing
stores in the West, but one that is the
most complete and artistic. If the reader
will kindly accompany the writer we will
take a look through it.
We enter at the main entrance on Mls
fion street and look down long aisles of
furniture. 250 feet to the rear. For the
convenience of locating any article on this
floor these aisles are named Broadway,
First, Second and Third avenues. The
cross aisles are also named. In the cen
ter cf the room is the grand stairway, and
midway between the stairway and the
rear is the Japanese Tea Garden. This
stretches across the room and depends
from the ceiling. The exterior is coarse
and painted In the fantastic style of the
Orient. If you ascend the short stairway
you will find Japanese girls In costume
serving delicious tea to lady patrons. The
interior is cozy and consists of a pretty
reception room, in addition to the quaJnt
room where tea is served.
Looking down Broadway from the main
entrance we see the high-class bedroom
sets, chiffoniers, library tables, book
cases, secretaries, etc. As we walk down
the avenue beyond the grand stairway we
come upon the furniture of Interest to
mothers— baby carriages, cribs in white
enamel and bras?, oak and maple, child
ren's rockers and high chairs. In the rear
of the Japanese Tea Garden is the dining
room furniture, sideboards in beautiful
golden oak. handsomely polished dining
tables, square and round, elegant twelve
footers, eagle-clawed and lion-headed,
costing $100, and pretty little six-foot oak
extension tables for $7 50. There are din
ing-room chairs cf all designs to match
sideboards and tables.
While we are on this floor we will look
Hints to Housewives, by a
Celebrated Expert on House
hold Furnishings. <# <$ <# <g
HAPPY
HOMES:
HOW TO
FURNISH
THEM.
ELECTRIC POWER
COMPANIES MAKE
A COMBINATION
Reach the Bay.
Plants in Nevada and Yuba
Counties Join Hands to
Corporation Formed in Thi3 City
With Capital of Five Million
Dollars to Perfect the
Consolidation.
From this it appears that the two com
panies have a large amount of present
business and extensive plants. Mr. de
Sabla estimated that they jointly have at
least 20,000 horse-power. While he had
not the exact figures at hand he knew
that the capitalization of the new com
pany, which will absorb the two older
ones. Is much larger than their combined
capitalization. The reason of this was
that large extensions were to be mads
that would cost a great deal of money.
The came of the new company correct!/
sets forth the purpose to extend to thj
bay counties, but the programme of ex
tension has not been decided upon. Tho
stockholders In the old companies and th«
new one are practically the same so that
there can be no hitch In the project-
Eugene J. de Sabla Jr.. G. A. Grow. R.
M. Hotaling. John Martin. William M.
Pierson, Oscar Sutro and A. W. Llnforth
have Incorporated the Eay Counttea
Power Company, with a capital stock
amounting to $3,000,000 for the purpose of
purchasing 1 and combining the Nevada
County and the Tuba County Electric
Power companies and supplying lienicia,
Vallejo, Woodland. Napa and probably
other places with light and power. The
general facts were supplied last night by
Mr. de Sabla, who said:
"The Nevada County and the Tuba
County Electric Power companies hava
been furnishing power and electric light
to cities and towns and have also sup
plied power for mining purposes. Among
the uses this electricity has been put to
have been that of running the dredgers
that are mining for gold on the Feather
River at Orovllle. Butte County; supply
ing light and power for the Browns Valley
mines la Yuba County: lighting the city
of Marysville and furnishing power ther-s
for the operation of the ice plant and. the
Sperry Flour Company; lighting the towa
of Lincoln in Placer County; furnishing
power to the Sacramenco Gas and Electric
Power Company and supplying power to
the electric plant at Koisom. The current
runs over a line seventy miles long from
the power house to Folsom.
"We have also supplied light and power
for Nevada City and Grass Valley, in
Nevada County, and furnished power for
hoisting and pumping for the Nevada
County mines."
CALIFORNIA HEIRS TO
; v BIG EASTERN ESTATE
Willis P. Haynes Will Contest the
Million-Dollar Will of His
Uncle.
Attorney Francis J. Henry left last
night for Concord, X. H.. to contest on
behalf of the heirs the will of John H.
Pearson who left an estate valued at
We assured him that we were Just put
ting the finishing touches on our visit.
"Have- you been in the basement?**
We had not been In the basement; didn't
know there was one.
"Yes. there is a basement: more than
half an acre in it; space all utilized. There
is an annex over on the north side —
kitchen department; stoves, refrigerators
and all kinds of kitchen furniture. The
upholstery shop. 30x100 feet, is the north
east annex. All our fine upholstering is
done here. We guarantee everything, com
ing out of this shop, as work done here is
under the supervision of one of the best
upholsterers in the West.
"Plenty of room now, did you say? I
have Just given Instructions to wire an
Eastern factory to hojd some goods or
dered. We have no room for them. But
we will soon make room. I presume if we
had five acres of space we would still be
hunting for more room."
"Mr. Pattosien," said the writer. "I am
going to write something about you and
the store. What shall I tell the readers
of The Call?"
"Tell them that Pattoslen invites all the
ladies to call and have a cup of tea . served
by the cutest and quaintest little Japanese
maidens in the city; that he has house
furnishing goods by the tralnload; and if
he does not give greater bargains than
any other dealer, he does not want to sell
a cartload: tell them anything that may
suggest itself to your fertile fancy, but
be sure and stick to the truth."
rockers, luxuriously upholstered chairs,
and everything that contributes to com
fort "and adornment in the way of par
lor furniture Is. to be found here. This is
only a section of the space on this floor,
but it contains SOOO square feet— a fifth of
an acre.. It is big enough for four build
ing lots, with yards in the front and rear,
and every foot of space is utilized.
.In the rear of the parlor furniture, and
connected 'by two great arches, are the
carpets, thousands of rolls of Wiltons,
Axminsters. Moquettes, body Brussels,
three-ply and tapestries: rugs of the
same makes in great variety and many
beautiful and unique designs. Here are
carpets enough to reach to San Jose, and
rugs enough to make a station at every
100 yards of the distance.
At the end of this floor, and separated
by a partition, over the shipping depart
ment, are the workrooms, where carpets
are sewed and furniture made, put to
gether and polished.
The top floor is a wareroom. As you
walk along the aisles the furniture is
corded up on either side in stalls. Each
separate article has a separate stall A
railway runs the entire length of the
building, and big flatcars convey the fur
niture to 'the elevator In the rear. The
elevator takes It to the shipping depart
ment, which we will visit Just as soon as
we take a peep at the man up here in the
garret, who is aji authority on window
at the prettily furnished model cottage.
It can be seen ¦ through the plate glass
windows from Sixteenth street, below the
Sixteenth-street entrance. The '-parlor * Is
a gem, furnished with beautiful over
stuffed furniture, made In the factory de^
partment of the building, highly polished
saddle-seat rockers of solid mahogany,
imported in the rough wood and finished
in the factory, pretty cqrpet and cur
tains, artistic draperies, ail combining to
produce an effect of a furnished Ideal
cottage.' You observe the lavish use of
plate glass show-windows, and are not
surprised when told that there are 4000
square feet of French plate glass on the
Mission and Sixteenth-street sides of the
building.
We will go upstairs now, and take a
look at the carpets, curtains, parlor fur
niture, etc. In front, 80 by 30 feet, Is the
drapery department. Here are curtains
galore, curtains pretty and cheap for
modest homes, elegant designs In Not
tingham and Battenberg for more pre
tentious homes. Here are cozy corners
and artistic effects, and the light pouring
in from windows on all sides enables the
buyer to see everything to the best ad
vantage. Blankets and comforters are
to be found In a corner of this depart
ment. ' ;.-.'.i. ¦":
In the rear of the drapery department,
and extending back 100 feet, is parlor fur
niture, inviting settees and sofas and
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 3, 1000.
KOTJSE FURNISHINGS.
19
totrfisara I Men who have a wpakne?.", a contracted or i l t m * m **"
¦5' T- other ailment should consult us. We have sue- if i
1 J' . cessfully treated these troubles for nearly twenty ? IJ
I'M ;; years. Our practice, which is Increasing year '. I i ;
j J after year, is the most extensive in America * I !
' | - The price of a cure, which Is always reason- '¦ I I i .
; 5j ab]f\ may be placed in any San Francisco bank to ' I ;
be returned to the patient if a cure is not \ I i 1
¦j effected, or may he paid monthly. : B '
| ; We furnish all necessary remedies and appll- 'i I i j J
¦ J anecs free to patients. Home cures a specialty. '• [i
I '• If you cannot call, write for free private book ' I , •
.' for men. terms, question list, etc. Cures sent i I \
I t: safely by mail or express. -SI i
i1 | Elevator 1 1\\ MARKET STREET, I H K'«M ?!
| fe Enlr*r.ct\ iOi SAN FRANCISCO. | [['^^ -|KINGS.
Combination Against the
Cannery Trust Recom
mended.
YGBA CITY, June 1.— This is the cen
ter of the fruit producing industry
of the upper Sacramento Valley, and
is the most important center for
peaches and pears in the State, and in
interviews recently had? with several of
the growers we find that an organization
of the growers to control prices Is not a
new idea. ''1
S J Stabler of the Stabler orchard
say's: "The Sutter County fruit-growers
have for the past two years organized for
the purpose of maintaining fair prices at
thl canneries and in the event of failure
to do this the fruit would be either dried
or shipped to Eastern markets and that
each year the results have been very
satisfactory. As yet no organization of
this kind has been attempted in this sec
tion this year, but it will be made before
the ripening of the peach and pear crop.
He thinks producers had better let the
canning but-int&s alone, that it is so en
tirely out of their line no reasonable suc
cess could be hoped for; that if the local
canneries will not accede to their de
mand? the producer had better take
chances by drying or shipping to Eastern
tti i rkcts
J B. Wllkie thinks the producers should
combine or they will be forced to ship
to Eastern markets or dry their crops;
that the action of the cannery people is
too plain to admit of any doubt as to their
intention. An organization of this kind
of a majority of growers throughout the
State would bring the canners to terms,
but he does not.think enough of the pro
ducers will enter into the combine to
make it effective. . . : .^
L A. Walton thinks a combine of the
growers in localities that produce largely
one or two varieties of fruit, as a combine
of the cherry-growers of Alameda or the
peach-growers of Sutter, would be the
proper course to take and would main
tain good prices at the canneries for those
kinds of fruit. A combine of the pro
ducers of the State could not be effected;
that this locality has for two years been
greatly benefited by the organization of
the growers and he hopes to see another
similar organization this season. He
says no contracts for crops In this sec
tion have been made as yet; that the
peach-growers can dry their crops if a
satisfactory price cannot be had from the
J. H. Backus thinks a combine of grow
ers in localities should at no Xime be over
looked and If necessary organize for the
purpose of canning and marketing their
own products, though nothing so elabor
ate as this has ever been attempted here;
that if something of this kind is not done
the growers must dry their fruit or ac
cept whatever the canneries may offer.
H. P. Stabler thinks a combination for
self-protection is just^what every fruit
producing community should undertake
and while the organization In this local
ity for two years past has been beneficial
to the grower it has not been as satisfac
tory as he would like to see it. The pro
ducers have not "sand" enough to stand
solidly together and say to the canneries,
"Good prices or no sale." He commends
SUTTER.
Growers by Standing Firm
Will Be Enabled to Baffle
the Combine.
SAN JOSE, June 1.— Santa Clara
County cherry and other fruit-grow
ers do not fear the cannery com
bine, in fact they are confident that
if Alameda fruit men hold out they will
be masters of the situation. Two remedies
are suggested — one that the growers can
or ship their products and the other that
they dry their cherries. This county's
crop is being mostly shipped and the can
neries in the combine would be unable to
secure many cherries. Apricot-growers
always get a good price from canneries
because many of them prefer to dry their
fruit.
F. M. Burkholder, a grower and. buyer
for several companies outside of the eom-
NAPA. June 1.— The Call correspond
ent has within the past few days in
terviewed many of the prominent
fruit growers in this vicinity to as
certain their opinions and views in regard
to the cannery trust that has been formed,
and also to get their ideas as to the ac
tion recently taken by the fruit growers of
San Leandro against the combine. Some
gave thc-'.r views very freely for publica
tion, while others do not care to have
their n;;mes appear in print. In general
the growers of Napa are in favor of com
bining whenever thfir interests are threat
ened. Napa fruit growers, as a rule, have
always fcund a market for their fruit at
good prices, and have had very little deal
ings with the cannery men. This year,
however, a large number of the prune
growers here have joined the California
Cured Fruit Association, believing that it
is to their best interests.
Napa fruit is shipped East In large
quantities, and some finds a market in
San Francisco. .,; ¦.--.:"-•
William Hunter, who has a large or
chard north of town, said: "I believe the
fruit growers should always stand to
gether on any proposition that is advanced
to further their interests. 1 am not a
cherry grower and do not feel that I am
qualified to give an opinion in regard to
the differences existing between the can
nery combine and the San Leandro. fruit
growers. All I can say is that I believe
that the fruit growers should stand to
gether."
William M. Fisher, who \ ships large
quantities of fruit to the Eastern markets
and to San Francisco, said: "I think that
the San Leandro fruit growers have done
a wise thing in forming a combine against
the cannery men. and br-lieve that the
fruit growers phould stand together and
get all they can for their product. If they
would do this always they would get bet
ter returns for their fruit."
Growers Should Stand To
gether to Further Their
Interests.
the action of the growers at Haywards
and says that that community has the
capital to back up their threats.
G. W. Harney, manager of the Abbott
orchard, thinks the alarm of the fruit
growers is unwarranted: that prices will
be satisfactory and that there is no occa
sion for such steps as have been taken at
San Leandro and Haywards; that a prop
osition to build and operate a cannery by
the growers would be a hazardous under
taking as it takes both capital and ex
perience to successfully operate a can
nery. When conditions are favorable for
urying this process of handling the fruit
would be far more profitable and fraught
with less danger than to undertake to can.
SANTA CLARfl.
YUBA.
It may be seen that the growers in this
section depend largely upon drying their
fruit. Practically every grower is pre
pared to dry his fruit; especially is this
so this season, owing to the light crop.
If the cannery trust desires to purchas*
Ventura County apricots for canning they
must pay a fair and reasonable price for
the same. The local growers have tho
reputation of • being extremely Inde
pendent.
The apricots will commence ripening
rapidly about July 1. The buyers to se
cure fruit by contract should be in tha
field by June 15. The growers will be will
ing to sell to the cannery trust provided
the combination pays a fair price.
Heretofore growers have depended on
drying, and they have generally secured,
excellent prices for their dried apricots.
The Sacramento Packing Company paid
from $20 to $T>0 per ton for green apricots
last year. The dried product sold at an
average of a fraction above 10 cents por
pound.
A. Everett, who Is one of the largest
apricot growers in the county, stated that
the cannery combination or trust could
not hurt Ventura growers, who can dry
their fruit and secure a good flsrure for
their crop. To fight the trust a State or
ganization of growers would be the proper
course to follow.
VETNTURA. June 1.— The fruit growers
of this county, fortunately, will not
be at the mercy of the cannery trust.
Apricots are practically the only fruit
raised extensively In this county. The
total crop this season is estimated at 3000
tons of green fruit, as against 9000 tons
last year. The Sacramento Packing Com
pany erected a $12,000 cannery in this city
fast year. They purchased some io0 tons
of green apricots, most of which they
canned at their local plant. There was
an additional tons of green fruit
shipped to canneries at Los Angeles, San.
Francisco and Colton. In 1S9S some «w0
tons of apricots were shipped to outslda
Growers fire Independent
and Will Dry^Their
Crops.
MARYSVILLE, June 1.— "v7. H. Raub
said: "The question is a hard prob
lem to solve, and although I have
given the matter considerable
thought I am not satisfied as to which
would be the best course to pursue, but I
am inclined to the opinion that we grow
ers should prepare to dry and can our own
produce on the co-operative plan. It is an
easy matter to dry our fruit, but to can it
is a different Droposition, and then to mar
ket it is another doubtful question. How-
Growers Should Dry and Can
Their Fruits on the Co
operative Plan.
C. E. Bills, manager of Porter Bros.,
does not think the combine of canners can
carry things their own way if the growers
will only stnnd firm. The canners must
have cherries and they cannot be secured
in this county. The shippers will handle
most of the cherry crop of this counts
and good prices are being realized in thq
East. Growers will receive from 5»£ to 8
cents per pound net from their shipments.
F. M. Woods, a grower, suggested that
the Alameda County cherry men can or
dry their fruit. He advises them to pre
pare at once to handle their apricots and
poaches. The many driers in Santa
Clara County place the growers here out
of the reach of the canners* combine.
bine, says he Is paying 6 cents per pound
for cherries. He declares the Flickinger.
Ainsley, Golden Gate, Code-Portwood and
Pacific companies are not standing with
the combine and the Los Gatos company
is evidently playing between the grower
and combine. The Los Gatos company is
paying 5% cents per pound for cherries,
but in paying this half cent above the
combine price they write across the con
tract, "These cherries are not for can
ning purposes." Mr. Burkholder sug
gests that Alameda County growers fix a
set price and if they do not get it either
can or dry their product.
Some cherries are dried in Santa Clara
County and they seem to be profitable In
this form.
Colonel Phllo Hersey, president of the
Santa Clara County Fruit Exchange,
thinks the San Leandro cherry men are
at the mercy of the canners. It is rather
late for them to erect canneries of their
own. As for dried cherries he said the
exchange handled between two and three
tons a year at the following prices:
Pitted Royal Ann, 15 to 16 cents per
pound net; unpitted, 5 cents for black and
< cents for white. Apricot-growers fear
nothing, as most of this fruit is dried.
Prime apricots have been sold for T 1^
cents per pound, but he doubted if they
could be bought now for less than 8 or
i) cents.
Ap Opposing Combine Will
Prove the Salvation of
the Growers.
SACRAMENTO. June 1.— Mrs. E. M.
Shields, one of the most progressive
fruit growers in Sacramento County
and a leading exhibitor at the State
Fairs, sells <iuite extensively to canneries.
She has been reading The Call's reports
cf the efforts of the Alameda County
growers to protect themselves against the
car.nery trust and has reached the conclu
sion that the only salvation cf the grow
ers cf cannery fruit in this section lies In
a -combine, on lines similar to those of the
Alameda growers. Mrs. Shields is not at
all convinced that the cannery trust is a
boon to the growers, although its pro
moters held out that cheerful promise to
th< m.
.^aid Mrs. Shields in conversation with
the correspondent of The Call: "borne ten
years sigo on the assurance of the can
i..ry ptoplo that they would take all my
output, I planted several varieties of
peaches that were the exact thing- for
tanr.ir.fr. but were, on the other hand, poor
Ehippers. Mvcry year thereafter the can
nery people would cither call en me per-
B.cmaUy or writo to find out as to how my
crop was getting along and as to how
much I could deliver them.
"This year they have made no such in
quiric*. 1 have not received any indica-
Ooa from them that they desire my crop.
Of course -f the cannery trust Fbould de
tide that It had enough fruit without call
ing on se for mine my crop wouid be
ruined because^ as I have said, it is not
BCita&le for phipment to Eastern markets.
"Although r.r.thirg has been done in the
direction cf orfrarizins: as a protection
ni::':n*t po*;--!i>le trouble from the trust. I
have hoard various Riowera speak cf the
advisability of so doing. Nobody knows,
however, exactly what should be done. I
*-un;»<-,sf the only v.ay would V.e for us all
to Eet top* thc-r ar.<I take stock in a can
nerv of "ur own. but that would require
cxitcrU-nred management and the building
uu of trade for certain brand?. In any
ovent it i* too late this year to talk about
such a movement-"
A. VT. Lane-The fruit-growers of
Klrrs County have the situation in their
o^handTand can bring the cannery
combine to time if they desire to do so
If the combine will not give them a fair
price for their fruit, they can fry Kami
take chances on the dried fruit market.
The combine of the packers must be met
by the growers with a similar organiza
tion and the growers of Kings County
stand ready at all times to co-operate
with the growers of other parts of the
State. The success of the California Rai
sin Growers' Association shows what
can be accomplished in that line. I am
glad that The Call is agitating this mat
tC N. W. Motherall — Dry your fruit.
That is the solution of the whole
Jroblem. When we do this It wi force
the canners to pay us what our fruit will
bring if dried, with the labor off. Of
course this is not possible in some por
tions of the State, but if the srowers
there cannot get a living price for their
fruit, let them put up their own canner
ies and refuse to sell to the combine.
This will bring the canners to time.
VENTURA.
Squeeze by the Combine
Would Mean Growers'
Bankruptcy.
VISAX.IA. June 1.— Regarding the al
leged threatened combination of
canners to keep down the prices of
fruit, Mayor C. J. Berry, one of the
most extensive growers In the San Joa-
quin, Valley, has this to say:
"I do not think and can hardly, believe
the intention of the cannery trust is to
squeeze the fruit-grower down to prices
for his fruit which would mean bank
ruptcy. Business men are generally
very clear-headed about their affairs,
and no one will deny that the managers
of the cannery combine are about as an
up-to-date association of business peo
ple as exists anywhere in our State.
Farmers sometimes imagine they are
going to run the whole universe, partic
ularly in their special line of produc
tion. They are apt to forget that it is the
customer who makes the prices of an
article of food. If the pack of cherries
and apricots last season was in excess of
the demand, as I am reliably informed
was the case, then with the present im
mense fruit crop promised all over the
United States it would be a great deter
rent for the cannery combine to buy in
any large way or at very liberal prices.
The shippers are here making contracts
for our fresh fruits, and while prices of
fered are not as good as they gave last
year, yet the prices being paid are net
bad. It is a pretty hard thing to do to
combine for prices among the fruit-grow
ers with such a perishable article as
fruit."
Growers Are Not Concerning
Themselves (3bout the
Combine.
CHICO. June L— In talking with the
various fruit growers and dealers In
this section your correspondent finds
that the general sentiment regarding
the outlook for prices on canning fruits is
about as follows: So far as the cannery
combine is concerned there is no evidence
of its having affected this section. Al
ready fruit buyers are contracting for
crops on the tree at prices equal and in
some instances better than those paid last
year, peaches in this section always com
manding higli prices. Apricots will be a
little lower than last year on account of
the crop having been damaged to some ex-
tent. There is an abundance of Bartlett
pears, which will bring a good, round tig
ure. The cannery has bc-en running for
three weeks on cherries, for which a fair
price was paid— as good as could have
been expected, considering the damage by
the recent rains. Fruit growers have so
far paid but little attention to the fact
that the leading canneries of this State
had combined, owing to the fact that they
have already been offered good prices for
their crop and can sell at any time.
TULflRE.
BUTTE.
/TpHE threatened formation of an
fi organization by the fruit-grow
ers of San JLeandro and Haywaxds.
who have manifested extreme dissat
isfaction -with the low prices offered
then by the canneries combination,
has attracted the attention of other
f ruit-growers in various parts of the
State, by whom it is being discussed
with intense interest The 'majority
of thera consider the project a most
impbrtant one, and favor similar or
ganizations throughout the State.
The determined stand assumed by the
Alameda County fruit men me«t8
•with hearty commendation. Some
of the growers, whose views are pre
sented below, feel that they are at the
mercy of the combine and must ac
cept whatever prices are offered for
the products of their orchards. Many
others, however, are determined not
to sacrifice their crops to the canners
under any circumstances, but, in
instead, will prepare them for the
dried fruit market or ship them to
Eastern markets at their own risk
and responsibility. .
is concerned, but before next season's
crop is ready for harvesting we can or
ganize, build and equip a co-operative
cannery sufficiently largre to handle ail the
fruit of this valley." Mr. Howe was much
pleased with The Call's editorial on this
subject and said the articie expressed his
sentiments exactly and thought it would
have a good effect.
This is the general sentiment of the fruit
growers of this section, and w© do not
doubt but some deHnite action will be
taken in this regard.
ever, I should favor the establishment or
community canneries, conducted in such
a manner that no individual grower
should acquire a controlling interest. Pack
our fruit in first-class shape, and I believe
w» would have no trouble in finding a
ready market.
"I am pleased to see The Call taking tho
Interest it does in this matter, and believo
it will be the nrtana of awakening tho
fruit growers to a realization of the pre
dicament that is staring them In the face."
R. C. Kells. one of the best known fruit
growers in this section, said: "You aslc
me what I think of the fruit growerp oC
this section organizing to can and mar
ket their fruits themselves. It Is rajr
opinion, as a grower, that the Cannicgr
Association of California are business
men and that they are In a better posi
tion to know the crop conditions and bsn
kets of tho world than the grower. I s*».
sider it useless, as well as foolish, for ta«
growers to organize and tell the Cant»«»»;
Association what they shall pay for fruit
this year, although we should feel that
prices are too low. I only see one way out
of it, and that is for us to take our medi
cine, let it be good or bad. So far I do
not see cause for alarm, and don t let us
antagonize until we have good cause.
Alameda County cherries are not as good
for shipping .purpose, owing to climatic
conditions. ¦ The cherries are not as firm
as those raised here He does not be
lieve the canners could secure over ten
tons of cherries in this county torlea
than 7 cents per pound The srowers of
Alameda County can dry their «herrtes
and get better returns than selling to the
cannlrs' combine for 5 cents, which they
are reported to be offering His nrm
handles considerable dried cherries and
get good prices. He thinks If the grow
ers demand 6 cents per pound and stand
firm they will get It. .;,•'<
HANFORD, W. H. Camp — The growers of Kings County have seen the benefits of or
ganization, and if they will just stand together they can demand what they want and
get it .
SAN JOSE, F. M. Woods — The many driers in Santa Clara County place the growers
out of the reach of the canners' combine.
SACRAMENTO, Mrs. E. M. Shield^ — The only way would be^or us to get together
and take stock in a cannery of our own.
VISALIA, Major C. J. Berry — I do not think and can hardly believe, the intention of
the cannery trust is to squeeze the fruit-grower down to prices foi^ his fruit which would
mean bankruptcy.
SONOMA, Hon. Robert Howe— This year the fruit-growers are completely at the
mercy of the canners' combination, but before next season's crop is ready for harvesting we
can organize, build and equip a co-operative cannery sufficiently large to handle all the fruit of
MARYSVILLE, W. H. Raub — I would favor the establishment of community can
neries, conducted in such a manner that no individual grower should acquire a controlling
interest; pack our fruit in first-class shape, and I believe we would have no trouble in finding a
ready market.
YUBA CITY, L. A. Waltonr— A combine of the growers in localities that produce
largely one or two varieties of fruit, as a combine of the cherry-growers of Alameda or the
peach-growers of Sutter, would be the proper course to pursue and would maintain prices at
the canneries.
VENTURA — A. Everett favors a State organization of fruit-growers to fight the
cannery trust.
NAPA, -W. M. Fisher — The San Leandro fruit-growers have done a wise thing in
forming a combine against the cannery men. The fruit-growers should stand together and
get all they can for their fruit.
HOW PROMINENT ORCHARDISTS
VIEW THE PRESENT SITUATION
Determined Not to Yield to
Those Who Would Op
press One of California's
Greatest Industries.
FRUIT GROWERS OPPOSE THE CANNERIES COMBINE.
They Will Ship or Dry Their
Fruits, or Form Organi
zations in Retaliation
Against the Canners.
fruit Men Rccdy to Organize
and Build a Co-operative
Cannery.
SONOMA, May 30.— Hon. Robert Howe
said: "It looks as though the warn
ing- sounded in The Call a few days
ago relative to the combine was cor
rect, as heretofore fruit buyers for the
various canneries had been all over this
section and had the fruit all contracted
tor. As yet no agents have been in the
feld to offer a contract of any kind, and
corsequently the situation for the present
won is very discouraging and becomes
worse as each day passes."
When asked as to nis idea for a remedy
h<? said: "This year the fruit growers are
completely at the mercy of the canners
combiK&tion so far as-4iieir green fruit
Funeral of Sam Sample.
Sam Sample, one of the best known sa
loon men -in California, "is dead. r His
funeral will take' place. to-day. Many will
gather to pay the last- tribute of respect
to one who did many a kindly act and
whose marked individuality ga\ f e him
"prominence. Services- will ibe held aft 2
o'clock at Peterson's undertaking parlors*
228 McAllister street. The interment will
be at Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Pigeon-Shooters Warned.
There has been considerable complaint
lately to the officers of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals to
the effect that the pigeon shooters at In
gleside are not always particular about
killing all of the wounded birds. The
statement has been made that for sev
eral days after cnoh shoot wounded pig
eons have been caught In the gulches near
the trapping grounds. Secretary Hoi-,
brook says this must be stopped and that
the officers of the society will\attend the
shoot to-day and see that no unusual
cruelty or ncsicct la practiced, .
Joseph D. Bedding, -Lawyer and Com
poser, Makes Offer to Park
Commissioners.
Joseph D. Redding, the well-known law
yer and composer, has written to Park
Commissioner Zeilo, proposing to compose
a new march and dedicate it to the open
ing of the new music stand at the park.
Mr. Redding is now in New York, but
expects to arrive In this city some time
•luring the latter part of July. He hopes
to be here when the new stand is opened.
It is needless to say that his offer will be
promptly accepted, with the thanks of
the Park Commissioners and of the public
who know and like Mr. Redding' s music.
WILL DEDICATE NEW
MARCH TO THE PARK
Nuptials o? Lieutenant-
Commander Nicholson
and Miss Elizabeth
Code.
At 4 o'clock yesterday Miss Elizabeth
Code and Lieutenant Commander Regi
nald F. Nicholson, U. 8. N., were united
In marriage at the residence of the bride's
father. 97S Valencia street. Rev. Edward
B. Church, principal of the Irving Insti
tute and assistant rector of Trinity
Church, porfomed the ceremony. Only
relatives and a limited number of Imme
diate friends were present.
There were no bridal attendants. Pay
master Reed of the United States ship ln
uepenuence was to have acted as best
man, but owing to the pressure of Govern
ment affairs he was unable to stand by
the bridegroom.
The MJsses Enid Peel and Alleen Code,
two tiny, dainty tois. acted as train bear
ers for "the bride. The bride wore a gown
of gray grenadine over pray taffeta. The
skirt was en train and trimmed with cir
cular flounces. The waSst ras trimmed
with white chiffon appliQued and point
i&ce. -
A*. -»he conclusion* of the ceremony the
new"«r wedded pair led the way to the
dining hall, where an elaborate wedding
breakfast was served. Covers were laid
for thirty.
Lieutenant Commander and Mm. X!ch
olson left by the afternoon train for San
Jose. They will be guests at the Vendome
NAVAL MAN
WEDS BELLE
THISTLE CLUB GAMES
ON NATIONAL HOLIDAY
Grand Gathering of Scottish' Club
Will Be Held at Shell Mound
Park.
The eighteenth annual gathering and
games of tho San Francisco Scottish
Thistle Club will be held at Shell Mound
Park on the Fourth of July. The game3
committee has seciyred a large list of
prizes, amounting to $3000 in value, which
will be offered for competition/The
gumes will commence promptly at 10 a, m.
and continue without Interruption until
nightfall. There will.be a display oX fire
works in the evening, coupled .with a
grand open-air concert and ball.
The games will be under the supervision
of John Donaldson, assisted by John Ross
and George W. Paterson. As an intro
ductory to the event 'the 'dub will hold a
literary and musical entertainment at
Metropolitan Temple Thursday evening,
June 21. An excellent programme has
been arranged. The affair Is strictly invi*
tatlonal, and all desiring tickets may se
cure them by applying to the officers or
members of tho club. .
until Commander Nicholson receives or
ders to repair to Seattle where he is to
take charge of the torpedo boat destroyer
Goldsborough.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 3, 1900.
SACRAMENTO.
NAPA. .
SOLANO.
SONOMA.
Ccnners' Combin2 Will Not
flffect This County's
Growers
VCAVTIXE. June 1.— Tour corre-
Fpor.dent has interviewed the most
prominent growers relative to the
combination of fruit canncrs to con
trol the price cf fruit. They state that
the canners have not been in this market
for the paM three years. All our fruit
is shipped Eai-t green, and what is too
ripe is dried. Th*y are not affected by
tuny action taken by canners.
Various Methods Proposed to
Bring the Congers to
Time.
HANFORD. June 1.— C. V. Parker-
Organize. Meet organization with
organization. Until the farmers
get poor enough to stand together
and trust each other, like men, it will
go from bad to worse, as our raisin busi
ness d!d. There is only one solution to
the problem, and that is to stand to
gether like men. If the growers of Kings
County do not receive a fair price tor
their green fruit they can dry it and
take cnances on the dried fruit market.
A. M. Stone — Dry our poaches and
apricots and other fruits. The canners
must have fruit to conduct their busi
ness, and if they see that the grower is
going to dry his fruit in preference to
Hellinj it to the cannery below a fair
living price, the cannery people will nec
essarily have to raise their price or get
no fruit.
\V. H. Camp— I have not given this
question much thought, but It would ap
pear to me that if the grower would dry
hls fruit he would be able to dictate his
price. The growers of Kings County
have seen the benefits of organization,
and if they will just stand together they
can demand what they want and get it.
20
3y^J^J§& Ss v-W\W**s a^ / We would like to have all sick and suffering humanity know what ELECTROZOXE £ wjf
f*^^^^^^^^^^^ 5s and what il wilJ do * or them - c wisil lt distinctl y understood that it is a reliable rem- t \^%
3\j\|^W5^^^\^^^^^ >^)^^^W^ : edy and stands upon its own merits— possessing greater curative qualities than any other • i\Aa
U\7>£ -^Ipiyiijf '^^%i^^!ilP^l^rTB : known remedy, which has been proven by the testimony of the thousands of people who H ;\\H
i V v 'i •^•^^^^tl v^A^^Jalr Jj^li^i have been cured. It is not to be classed with ordinary remedies— having been proven far g
iwl^^V ' v"^ • /' j^^k=ii£s?? superior. The most obstinate diseases of years' standing that have baffled the skill of the $*\\B
¦ yV£; •¦•'¦*' '¦"^V^^,^ \^ ->r^^Cli^~fe^'" ablest physicians, and have not been benefited by any other remedy, have yielded to t^\H
I\7\f '• ' * ::^?rrr^ <^Vi * " IgVi^'i'CHOLS ELECTROZONE. The way cures are effected st;ms truly marvelous. Women and men svJ!
|aA| '" ' <^c^> ; v- who have been sick for years and given up all hope and about ready to die. have been k/jVl
I M\f - completely restored to health by the use of this wonderful remedy. . iNvfl
S wJ w . . » T ft n • I Do not be deterred from seeking ptoper treatment because, after having been treated by many s4\Afi
iW" LGt nO vftQ DCSpSlf I w ho have failed to cure you, you are discouraged. This is the time to make one more trial. We |f^|
V\hi • *• i n A,ri^ t?t T7rTT?H7ONE We have yet to learn of a single case, no matter how long standing, that has not S5\\H
:A\/3 conscientiously advise .hL.JtLClKUZ.^'^C" " C T r.rTDA7nvp ' * .' K Mvfi
lW^' > been permanently cured by the proper use of ELECTROZUiSfc.. i^\B
j|/^ Rheumatism, Kldneyand Bladder Ailments, Female v Complaints, l$v|
|vj\V;i • Read Now These Men Were Cured s 1 f\S
IViMS LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 1. ISM. . M^M
ffVVM thWy-«U of which have been an Odd Fellow on this coast, being: a charter member _ o f * lodge vS=—=vV' NS?* ; B^B
W\ ScieV TCounty. I cannot praise Electrozone enough for what It has already done for me |° c «»!f V /\M^^^^_X \kA8
l\)VS you full power to use the above and my Picture. _ J. B." NICHOLS. / • £J jT - IV>\^ YAM
|VAM subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th day. of May. 1859. t KILIJAN. / f£ 'Jf ¦ - \i\\\ Y^fa
i\/Cl Notary Public for Lob Angeles County. California. / Wy£ »w\fl \S
i\VS . '-.It- LOS ANGELES, Cal.. May IS. 1S99. ,/ W//W _^ vVtf» W
S WVH ¦ Tour Blectroxone has done me more good than some $1600 I have in Los f "f v el " / \M "S^SV?- VK# 1
S\\a-« inr the oast three years for medical attendance. My rheumatism has entirely gone ana tne y jawy "jESs^^^~ _g^j«^iZSkr \w\¥i W
&\V\G stomach difficulty also. I can now eat without distress food that during the past seven years -I MM4 gfrrS&g*?,, %X-U ¥,
P\\i\v T hTve not been able to touch. I sleep sound the entire night. , ?„ „„ ?»,. .tavn '! io&l *^53^ *^??aV ' ft y A I
MKl X I herewUh grant the ; Electronoze Manufarturlng Company the Driv^cg.^«e^abo>e I .ft* Z$i$> % W2l\ \
|A^| statement and my Picture a. they deem best. J ° HN llncastfr. Cal. A * M >{ fe Ml I
\ Mi N Sworn to and subscribed before me this ISth day of May. 1899^. HOMA g kil , L taN\ '4 V«& Jff '"%, ''¦ JW^J I
I Aj\ '. Notary Public in and for the County of Ix>s Angeles. State of California. ; -.1 \U * iZ*/ I
||| ££™ latB - ;^S| C^^^'MPO:-CO., / ««rran J ci 8 co. t \/igP|W^^P^ IVera Cameron, over whose diamonds
Attorney George Lezinsky Incurred the
¦wrath of opposing and other counsel last
Thursday, filed a claim and delivery suit
a«ainst • Chief of Police • Sullivan yester
day for the purpose, of recovering the
gems. They were taken by the police
from Miss .. Cameron's home, 1004 Jones
Sues for Her Diamonds.
Four Insolvents-
A petition was filed yesterday In the
United States District Court by J. G.
Ward & Co.,-Getz Bros, and C. R. SpU
valo & Co., asking that the San Francisco
Matzo Company be declared an insolvent.
i Voluntarv petitions in insolvency were
filed as follows: John E. Cox, fireman,
Southern Pacific Company, Sacramento;
liabilities $737 75, no assets. \\Y D. Cooks
ley, laborer. Sacramento: liabilities
$li"6 23. assets ¦ an * - Insurance policy for
$2000.- Thomas D. CoiTman,, farmer. ¦Ala
meda; liabilities 51319 S3, assets $314 75.
Wants an Illustrious Name.
Thomas Gowland Horsman wants to
change his name to George Pllkington,
and he has petitioned the Superior. Court,
to grant him this privilege. In his peti
tion Horsman says the name Pilkingtou
,1s the family name of his mother; that
the name George has been^ invariably
given to the eldest son of a Pilkington in
accordance with the family custom; that
the name George Pilkington Is an illus
trious name; that' the petitioner is an
eldest son ' and nence wants the name.
George Pilkington.
CRUELTY IS CHARGED
BY HUSBAND AND WIFE
Mr. and Mrs. Fieber Each Have an
Inning in Judge Belcher's
Court.
Mr. and Mrs. William J. Fieber, walking
some distance apart, each accompanied by
about one-fourth . of the population of
South San Francisco, arrived at Judge
Belcher's court- yesterday {hat a pending
divorce suit might bo adjudicated, fieber
charts his wife with cruelty. As specific
instances of inhumanity on her part he
says she searched his clothe's for love let
ters, failed to properly care for her chil
dren, was cross and incompatible and
made his life generally miserable. In a
cross-complaint Mrs. Fieber says her hus
band was wont, to use physical violence
upon her and otherwise mistreat her.
After hearing half of the army of wit
nesses on the merits of the controversy-
Judge Belcher ordered a continuance until
next week.
Decedent Made No Public Bequests,
but Devised His Estate to
Eelatives;
The will ot the late Meyer Lewis, the
well-known capitalist, who died last Tues
day, was filed for probate yesterday. The
testament, which disposes of an estate
valued at $1,500,000. was executed May 17
in the presence of Attorney Milton S. Eis
ner and Louis Hirsch. Following are the
bequests: To Rosa Lewis, widow of the
decea^-d, after a few small brquests have
been paid, five-sixths of the remaining es
tate; to Solomon Lewis.. a brother, one
half of the residue; to Sophio H.'rschbaum,
a sister, one-fourth of the residue, and to
Caroline Foreman and Frances Hess, sis
ters, one-eighth each of tho residue. Small
bequests are made to Laura Samberjr. a
niece who resides in Xew York; Josephine
O Lewis of I*os Angeles. Bessie Lewis oC
Santa Ana and Ella Lewis of Los Angeles
The petition praying for the probate or
the will which was tiled by the executors
and the executrix. Solomon Lewis. Na
than^Stelnberp nnd Rosa Lewis, will be)
heard by Judge Troutt on June 14.
MYER LEWIS 7 WILL IS
FILED FOR PROBATE
street. on a search warrant, and she now
alleges that they are unlawfully held by
the police. | ; . /
Canton Stockton No. 15— B. M. Woodhull. cap
tain; A. S hater, lieutenant; W. E. McCown,
ensign; E. E. Cramer, accountant.
Canton San Diego No. 22— Harry Johnstone,
carJtaln; John Stork, lieutenant; George Ben
son, ensign; Silas P. Uryea, clerk; W. E. Da
vies, accountant.
Canton Santa Rosa No. 23— R. J. Pye, cap
tain; C W. Savage, lieutenant; H. C. Coltrln,
ensign; G. W. Rogers, clerk; F. P. Doyle, ac
countant.
Canton Riverside No. 25 — H. J. Bedwell, cap
tain- Charles Labadie. lieutenant; S. J. Jumper,
ensign; A. A. Pldington, clerk; W. B. Miller,
accountant.
Canton Ventura No. 29— A. W. Browne, cap
tain; J. H. Sloan, lieutenant; A. S. Kenagy.
ensign; M. : E. V. Bogard, clerk; F. E.' Jones,
accountant.
NEW OFFICERS OF
THE PATRIARCHS
H. O. Brower Elected Briga
dier General of Militant
Odd Fellows.
The permission given by the Health
Board to Dr. E. S., Pillsbury to attend
suspecte* cases of plague in Chinatown
and also to assist at autopsies and bac
teriological examinations was rescinded at
yesterday's meeting. A letter from Dr.
Pillsbury published in The Call of March
12, 1900, in which he denied the existence
of bubonic plague in San Francisco was
read. Dr. Bazet said that he believed
Pillsbury was prejudiced -against the
Board of Health and was disgruntled on
account of not obtaining the position of
bacteriologist, for which he had applied.
Dr. Pillsbury, in an interview with Dr.
Bazet, stated that Dr. Kellogg was not
a graduated bacteriologist, whereupon
Dr. Bazet wrote to Dr. Jordan of the
Stanford University and received a reply
that Dr. Kellogg had passed in bacteri
ology at the university. Dr. Bazet moved
thai Dr. Pillsbury be not admitted to the
CitF Laboratory and that Drs. Hodghead
and Powers also be, excluded, which mo*
tion was carried.
Health Officer O'Brien was directed to
send a communication to the attorneys for
the Chinese Six Compifhles advising them
that all action heretofore taken by the
board relative to the permission given
their representatives to appear at future
post-mortem examinations and bacterio
logical investigations had been rescinded.
The communication continues:
"This board will bo pleased to receive
suggestions from you as to the appoint
ment of some one representative of your
clients of approved medical standing to
act for them in the matter hereinabove
adverted to. The conditions require that
vour suggestions shall be made in writing
nnd delivered to the Health Office at least
six hours prior to the meeting of the
board at which you may desire that ac
tion shall be taken, and further that you
will not nominate as representative either
K. S. Pillsbury, M. D., or D. A. Hodg
hcad, M. D., or D'Arcy : Powers, M. £>.,
Requests Chinese Six Com
panies to Name Another
Representative.
¦ • '¦'&¦*
War Secretary Wires General Shafter
to Permit Use of Angel Island
for Quarantine Detention
Station. '\^--
HEALTH BOARD
VENTS ANIMUS
ON PILLSBURY
who, for' reasons which are satisfactory
to the board but which need not be de
tailed here, are not acceptable."
Dr. Buckley introduced the following
resolution, which was adopted: 1
Resolved, That ' it be the sense of this board
that all physicians to whom permits are issued
must beTore entering* the quarantined district
furnish the names and addresses of the patients
whom the» there intend to visit and milst com
ply with <01 the quarantine regulations adopted
by this board. Further, they must be accom
panied by a health inspector.
Dr. McCarthy called the attention of the
board to the fact that it had been sug
gested .by the attorney of the Chinese Six
Compahies that it would cost 23 cents per
day per man to feed the indigents in
Chinatown. He said that at the City and
County ¦ Hospital and Almshouse- it cost
but a little over 8 cents per day per man,
and he thought that the indigents in
Chinatown could be supported for the
same amount, but that* it could not be
done successfully in that district and ad
vised the establishment of a detention
hospital to which these people could be
movCti.and cared for.
The matter was referred to the Com
mittee on. Detention Camps, consisting of
Drs. Buckley, McCarthy and Chief Sulli
van. The Quarantine Committee will con
sist of the same members. \
A telegram from Senator Perkins in an
swer to one sent by Mayor Phelan was
read as follows::
WASHINGTON. D. C. June 2, 1300.
Hon. James D. Phelan, Mayor. San Fran-
Cisco, Cal. : Secretary of War has wired Gen
eral Shatter to place at disposal authorities
San Francisco such parf of Angel Island as
may be necessary for quarantine detention pur
poses. Surgeon General Wyman recommends
Board of Health consult with Dr. Kinyoun be
fore taking final action, as Government quar
antine station is on the island. - -
GEORGE C. PERKINS.
It was resolved that all persons disobey
ing the orders of the board in any man
ner hampering or Interfering *flth the
health officers in their efforts tOjtfnforce
the regulations, should be denieufpermits
to enter the quarantined district, and
should in the discretion of the board be
further summarily dealt with according
to law. •
It was decided that until further orders
no permits would be issued to enter
Chinatown unless it was absolutely neces
sary. . .
J. F. Derham was appointed clerk in
the health office at a salary of $100 a
month and Thomas Drady to succeed A.
D. Turner as day policeman at the Alms
house.
The petition of the Pacific Fruit Pack
ing Company for a modification of the
lines of quarantine so that it may be per
mitted to carry on its business on Stock
ton street was referred to Chief Sullivan
and JDr. Buckley with full power to act.
The board adjourned to meet at 4:30
p. m. to-day. .
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 3, 1900.
21
tjfft T an election recently held by the
f/\ Patriarchs* Militant of. the Inde-
It 'X pencTftfit Order of Odd Fellows for
the department of California H. O.
Brower of this city and colonel of the
Second Regiment was chosen brigadier
general and commander of California for
a period of three years. The following
were' elected for two years:
First Regiment— W. H. Sherburn, Sacramento,
colonel; W. H. Woodbrldge. Stockton, lieuten
ant colonel: John Batcher, Sadramento, major
first battalion: G. H. Ronesch, Stockton, major
second battalion.
Second Regiment— C. II. Wever, Alameda,
colonel; D. E. Nash, San Jose, lieutenant colo
nel; G. C. Pape. Oakland, major first battalion-,
C H Meade, San Jose, major second battalion;
John Dunbar, Santa Rosa, major third bat
talion.
Third Reglment-^Iames Ashman, Los Ansreles.
colonel; F. M. Wolford. Los Angeles, lieutenant
colonel; F. P. Hog, (major first battalion; A. H.
Jefferson, major second battalion.
The following canton and line officers
were elected for the period kit one year:
Canton Sacramento No. 1— John C. Ing, cap
tain- George Bock, lieutenant; Fred C. Schnei
der, ensign; Morgan Morgan, clerk; Charles W.
Baker, accountant.
Canton San Francisco Xo. 5— C. H. Kombeck.
captain: C. L. Zlegler. lieutenant: K.'W. Now
ell. onBlcn; G. H. Wilson? clerk; X. Merret, ac
countant.
Canton San Jose No. 9— F. K. Barthett, cap
tain; F. E. Colley. lieutenant: A. W. Darling,
ensign; A. C. Bates, clerk; M. Campbell, ac
countant. % '
Canton Oakland Xo. IT— C. H. Cole, captain;
George Kirk, lieutenant; S. Samuels, ensign;
J. McVey. clerk; T. Powers, accountant.
Canton Los Angeles No. 12— William A. 'Smith,
captain;- Max Schreiber, lieutenant: John A.
Rhodes, ensign; F. M. Wolford, clerk; W. Meek.
H. O. BROWER.
The Way People
enjoy themselves at
Paso Robfes Hot Springs
you woufd think that all come for mere
pleasure. Many come for the absolute
benefit to be derived from the healing:.
-h<»a!th-f:ivingr Hot Mineral Mud. Sul-
phur and Hot Sand Path*, as well as to
jret away from the \ijnds and foss of the
coast.
Every modern convenience at the hotel.
Rates for hotel, baths and physician,
$10 to m a week. •
SPECIAL E0OND-TBIP REBATE TICKETS.
For further Information apply to
FRANK \V. ELY. Cfty Agent.
Tel. Ued 2336. 640 Market «t.. S. F.
Otto E. Vtrtz. Fropriete;, Piso Ksbles, Cal.
ty .—**** • The Smitarium of
DyrOfl the Coast The bsst
U -. - physicians- recom-
flO'f, m;nd it as the only
m cure for rheumaiism
SnrClinC rn;i milarii.
O»|JI IBS<4~* Address A. BETTENS.
M»rr. Bj— >n Hot Sprinijs. Cal.
City Office. Room 30. M Geary street.
We save money for amateurs. We loan you
a kodak. • Backus Studio, 11 Geary st. •
Sale of elegantly trimmed hats for $5 at
Mrs. J. Cpughlan, next Monday, 919 Mkt. ?
t Cured
TV llllW
Y OU
Sleep
CJ. Carter. B.D.L.L.D. I'M |h llQIIQ
rrc-.'t St. J»m AHotiitien. *" *CS LJ ULJO.
"Gran-Sol vent" dissolves Stricture like
•now beneath the sun, rrdniM KS-
I.AIiC«f:i> PKOSTATJE, and *tr*nztl\-
*I» tho Nominal !)uc(K. atopplne draliiH
anil cmiuion* XX FIFTIES ]>AVS.
Ho tints* *o ruin the stomach, bat a di-
rect local and poaltlvo application to tlim
entire I'rctbal Tract.
6lUA\-SOIiVEXT is the wonder of the
century. 'Discovered by the Chemist Fabrion,
it quickly interested the great Scientist and
Phrniciaii, Erdman, who developed it and pro-
claimed that marvelous action in Urethal Ail-
ments which electrified the world, i .
At an enormous expense DR. C:J. CARTER
outstripped alt competitors and secured exclusive
control on the Western Continent for the ST.
/AMES *SSOC/AT/OJV.
Gran-Solvent is not a liquid. It Js prepared
in the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and
flexible, and so narrow 89 to pass the closest
Stricture.
Every Ran^Should Know Himself.
TSe venerable Dr. C. J. Carter, President of
the St. James Association, has prepared at great
expense an exhaustive illustra- ne&ian'ii
ted Treatise upon thr male sys- KT KwhCIC W
teru, which the association will BT IsP P ¦
send to any malt applicant .' ¦ "¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦
St. James Ass'ii, 250 Vine St., Cincinnati, Q.
_ . * ' * ' T\D DTPOPP»P
-_I|M^ ¦ ELECTRIC
.BELT.-
* 1^ THIS BELT IS WAR.
"*^f\. ranted to be the latest lm-
' V proved, most powerful and
In all ' respects ' the best now manufactured" la
any part of the world. Its equal does not exist-
The Galvanometer shows < f » electric current to
be double that of any other. Kaslly regulated.
Durably insulated. Latest Improved attach-
ments. Special conductors and electrodes.
Double /wire suspensory for men. It will care
any disease on earth that It Is possible to cur«
with electricity, and It cures when others falL
Buy zio belt till you see "Dr. Pierce' «."
• "Booklet No." 2." tree at office or sent by mall
for a 2-cent stamp, -tells all about it. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
62O Market Street. \
(Opp. Palace Hotel). SAN FRANCISCO
¦-,""> Eastern "Office— New York City. . ,
DH.aALL'SiieNYiGORATOH^fra
Five Jiundretl reward for any 5yP l>1 *&3H
cas<* we cannot cure. Tbls secret «¦ «*SS
remedy" fitupa all . losses . In " 2i '¦ • j
hours, cures Emissions, Irnpo- $%& P^
tency, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea, 5W1 pnfm
Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost ilUl tXAU
Manhood and oil wasting effect* - WaElM
sealed, 3 $2 bottle;. '3 bottles, J5: guaranteed to
tun? any case. Address HALL'S MttDICAl. IN-
STITUTE. -855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. AIM
for tale at 107?.% Market St., S. F. All prlvat*
aiBcasca quickly, cured. Send for fret book.
ALMOST
GIVING 'EM AWAY!
Sandcn himself is not in San Francis-
co and never has been. I bought his
Belts, but without tending myself as_ to
selling price, and now I'm almost Riving
'em away. I ask no deposit and balance
when cured: but will, on a $5000 bond,
sell you his real, bona-fide, highest
power $40 belt for $20.00, or his $20
belt for $10.00. There's no imitation,
no fantastic models. Call on me and I
will fit you with the genuine U. S. pat-
ented Sanden Belt at half-price, heed*
less of the winnings and warnings of
those who would filch you out of dou-
ble the amount for their trash. It's all
I can do to mind my own business. I'm
j not troubled about those who've never
had a medical diploma, who may be only
typewriters or transitory agents with no
responsibility and incapable of diagnos-
ing and treating your case. .What can
you expect from such people?
DR. S.SCHALL,
700 MARKET STREET,
3 AH PI* AN CiSCO.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three m!J»»-from Uklah. Slendodno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths; only
place in the world of this class of waters
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds: fiehlng and hunting: crystal eprlng:
accommodations and table nr«t class. Opens
April 15th.
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Proprietors.
cyATPC «ot springs, sonoma
O>IY/\vI VlO County; only *\b hours
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
staging: waters noted for medicinal virtues;
bei-t natural bath In State: grand 1 mountain
6cenery; good trout streams at door; telephone,
telegraph; daily mail and express: FIRST-
CLAfcS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICB:
morning and afternoon stages: round trip from
Ban Francisco only IS 50. Take Tlhuron ferry
at 7:*0 a. m. cr 3:30 p. m. Terms, S2 a day or
112 a week. References— Any guest of the past
five years: patronage wmrtflntty Inrresslne.
J. F. MCLOREW. Proprietor.
OPENS MAT l»t. Round Trip. $1 75. Send for
circular*. FREESE &. JUERGEN3EN.
Proprietors. City office. 815 Larkln street.
Ki.AMATH HOT SPRINGS-
T1t» be»lthle«t resort In the prettiPFt county in
California- Trout fishing— fln«f<t in the State.—
Shovfl Crwslci Is miles for caBting. Hunting—
plenty of fsai' in surrounding mountains-
grouse. «jtiail. deer and bear. EPSON BROS..
Proprietors. Besv/irk, Siskiyou Co., Cal.
INDEPENDENCE _/\K._,
In tl»e heart cf the Sierras. Perfect climate,
fine fishing, excellent table, magnificent for-
est no polsoa cak, no pests. An ideal spot
for' families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars Open June 1. Address MRS. H. M.\
CLEMONS. Virginia City. Nev.
stThelena sanitarium, a
v.?>«. Valley. The institution hast all the ad-
vinucci of a health resort as well as being a
-iiilv eauippe.1 sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains «t St Helena. Send for circular. Address
BT. ' HELENA SANITARIUM, Bt. Helena. Cal.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES.
Will i>e opened, under new'management. May
15 NeV hotel beine bullL Fishing, hunting, •
boati'ns.and bathing. Address O. WEISMAN.
Laurel Dell P. P.. Lake County. Cal.
rt umUTC HflTEI LOS - GATOS, Cal.—
CL 510.1 1 t nil 1 tLi Beautiful grounds,
macniflcent view and first-class • accommoda-
tions Large sunny rooms. Special rates to
families. Free 'bus meets every train: 55 mileii
from San Francisco. ', Fare. $1 65. -%"¦¦•¦ ~ "
Kenilworth Inn, JiHTalley.v
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liards lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly - flrat-
claEs. For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. Marrma.
The Largest and Oldest Champagne Houss in
the World.
White. Seal (Grande Cuvee), of excep-
tional bouquet and dry dryness.
• — Court Jynrml.
WILLIAM WOLFF „ CO.,
Pacific Coast AgentB, tt2J) Market St., S.F.
fCmCMESTER'S ENGLISH
KNYROVAl PILLS
"V- 2 -..Original ond Only Genuine.
fi.rs.SAFE. Alw»T«rflliiM«. Lrfrtle.MlfDrcrrirt
*Sv. for CHICUKSTEIfS ENGLISH
j&Cv In Kt:i> >n<l Gold mrtaUic boxc>. tulcl
-^¦ftf witl1 >>!ue ribbon. Tnkeno other. Rpfaaa
» *-vj I>u"»ccrous Hnbititntions and liulta.
fjj tlnn*. Rot of jour Drogsln. or wn4 4p. io
t», * u I B J > .n f ". r . 1> "rt!enlar«, Te*tlmonlaU
fa and 4 'KeMef for La J leu," <n J«f«r,bj re.
L' \\\tt. 21 all. 1 0.OOO T«itimonia>t. SoMbr
/ all Prugfiitt. < hlohe.trr C'heftilpal Cn..
tlratlon thlj p»r«r. JUmdUcB f qamr.-, I»l:ll.A.. I'Sl
DiRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlco Lists Malls. 1
Von Application.
ATTORNEY. ,,
F. It. MERZDACH.^awyer. 503 Cal.. Clunle bg.
COAL. COKE AND Pld II?OX
\C UII fe C(\ 900 Battery Street.
J. l» nlLjUil g LV-, Telephone Main 1S64.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt H. BLTTH. Mgr^
C W CMITH Ship Plumbing, Steamboat and
L- n - MUUi sblp Work a specialty. IS aod
IS AVathineton st. Telephone Main M41.
FRE5UJVND SALT MEATS.
IAQ HftVFQ & C 0 Shipping Butchers. 104
JAP- DUIEJ VX tl/'.qay. Tel. Main 1294.
LITHOGRAPHING. -
The "Union Lithograph Co.,* 325 Sansome St.,
Artistic Lithographers and Printers. Govern-
ment' Licensee for 'Imprinting, of Revenue
Stamps. : ' -' >' ¦ ' . ¦. .'
~ PKINTLNJ.
E.C fiUGHES, .; 6 ueS^3.fv
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te 'c^e p , h ' c PARTRIDGE
WfiilE ASfl STEAM -GOAL, t^lacS
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO., at its GREEN
RIVEU COLLIERIES, U the Best Coal In the
market. Offic* and Yards— 450 Main street, "v .
OCEAN EXCURSIONS!
Pacific Ccart Steamship Co. San Francisco
to Vict^ia. Vancouver, Seattle, Tacoma y and
ether port* of call and return, 11 days' trfp.
Pan F*ranc:rco to Seattle and the Ir.land Pas-
rag* to Fkac-uav ever the White Pass Railway.
cow.i the Yukcn to Nome, returning by oc-ar,
20 to Co fityt." trip. "*
Ban Francisco to Seattle, thence per Fteatner
Ffr.ator, July n. via Juneau. Ekaguay. Glacier
Bay and the Inland Passage, in fight of Mt.
Et. Ellas, via. Vnimah Pass and Seal Islands
to Nome, thence to Eart Cape and Siberian
coast, crossing the Arctic Circle ar.u passing
Into tb« Arctic Ocean ar.d return, about 40
£aj°e* trip.
Full particular? la pamphlet, entitled Alaska
Excursions. Tlcke^Office. 4 New Montgomery.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
y-4 liocrs' Ride From Los Aturelei, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN* THE WEST.
fVccnd Annual Kod and Reel Flshlag Tour-
tattiect. aufclces the 'Tun* Club."
• FevecUi Seasrn r.t our Eamoua Marine Band.
The Society Eesort.
The FportFmati's Paradise.
HOTEL MFTROPOLE asd COrNTRT CLUB.
civ.aye op»>n. Golf srid Tesn!» Tournament*.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full iBfcncaUcn. hotel r»te«. unique ar-
racgesrnts fcr canaplsg and Illustrated pam-.
rhiels. fcypiy to
GECRGE W. THOMPSON,
C?l Market et.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
222 F^uth Fprlnr *t.. Tjo% Anrfl«. Cal.
The Place fcr Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
TN- THE FOOTHILLS OF THE FIERRA XE-
\-ai&. r.mr Coir.ix. cn the C. P. R. U. Plain.
quiet retreat; finest scn»ry, water, mountain
r.'r fruit and all-the-year-round climate in Cal-
if ofoia •• id'-al grounds and surroundings; cn
railroad. 126 mllr-* from San Francisco: IS a
•week: open all yw-r: »"nd for bocklet. Addreas
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Par*. Cai.
.ROWARDENNAN
TN T TKE FAXTA. CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Now cpea find cffTlr.g e\-ery charm to pleas-
r-f and health-seeker*. Boating, swimming,
f'fhing tennis, croquet, billiards, bowling alley.
col' links. £004 driving ar.d saddle horses, eu-
rWlor tabJe. Campers' ticket from San Fran-
cisco 13 CO 'Kill! Information at Traveler orfiee.
TO Montgomery ft., cr B. DICKINSON. Lessee.
Her. Lomond. Cal.
I)K. C. C. O'DOXXELl'S 3UNKIIAL
*•! ¦r.jV*<*> at Glen EHen U tbe best camping,
ticnlc and treasure resort on the Coast. Tbe
greatest remedy for lung disease. IJver and
itctnach complaint*, rheumatism and catarrh In
tfo *cr3d; 4« miles Ircia S. F. Toe S. P. R. R.
p.r.d P. F. and N. P. P.. U. give epeclal rates to
rnrrrerf. Thirty cottages and tents furnished;
rent cheas. No fogs nor poison cak at the
i£--k JI'r.»rzl water, boats «nl bathing fr«e.
'siuire of DR. C. C. O'DOKNT.LU ofrtce 1021«*
i'erket M.. bet. Elsth ar.d Seventh. S. F. It
yoU want ycur health this Is the place to go.
*& ih
F." r :T*A'VD HOTEL — KIrst-class accommo-
flaUont: reasonable rates; for familes and par-
H«f fishing bathtr.j?. beatutlfal drives to Bear
W>y. etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or Pabl'i
t'e.ne ttrrp. Sll Kearny -et.. S. F. /
DUNC/N SPRINGS HOTEL SrS_S
tnecnaltd roda and magnesia waters. Good
'.'T z'.l ftcir.aoh, klfiney end ilver troubles.
iinufrkr-Tilng octtares furnished. For terms
f?n<1 rartlrula— »«r«s O. HOV.'ELL. Hopland,
r.T^n'iorirtO County. Cal.
$0$$®$.
Matt bpactiful tpct In I-ake County. Waters
cnfjrparfced for dropsy, ktcmach. liver, kidney
cUas: iJO a (reek; lighted by gaa.
-. V?. H. MGO\ r EKN. Kelseyville. Lake Co.
Near Sasta Rosa; tmorj! the OAK
RSncon Hills; home comforts and q«j a rt ~
the b»*t of • country life. .For 3»"Ml/i;
circulars eddrc-ss HARRY L. RANCH
JONES. Sacta Hcs*. —_——__.
plantaTTon .house— ca*^?™™
r'acc line. r.ooA trcut fishing; plenty fruit,
creasa ¦x^'l ml!k; free conveyance for parties of
two cr R-.creicrand redwood scenery. Address
J MrTTRINGnR, t->aview. Sonoma Oo., or ap-*
j,iy MR. KHUSE. 2C7 Front et, for particulars.
"waYdruhe,
Fc'ctt.* Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for'jimllits end tportsmen. First-class table.
All kinds cf dairy produce. Fine eprlng water.
Kite* S7 up. Send for circular. C. H. \V.
URUNISfl. Santa Rosa. Cal. j
ONE OF TCATURETS WONDERS.' i
Natural tteam baths, ¦whnmlng. flahlng. :
l.untlns end !Iv«-y. Write lor pamphlet. L •
•VVKRTHEIMER. Manager. ______!_
NAPA^JSODA SPRINGS.
UNDEK NEW JiANAGEMENT. !
• _ UCULHAXH. Napa Sod*, fiprtogi P. Q. i
#ARAISO HOT SPRINGS, CarU A b^ r ? ca .
Monterey County. Cal. — For bealtb. reat.
'climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-date
accommodations; beautiful scenery; profusion
ot Cower*: hot roda, eulphur and electric
baths; swimming tank SSxCO feet. Our masseurs
are all rr aouatea. Hunting and fishing: chil-
dren'* playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
danre hall; large hotel and 30 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families: all
lllurnlnated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
eer.l streets. San Francisco. 9 a. m. : Fint and
Broadway. Oakland, 9:19 a. m. daily for Sole-
dad then by stage over beautiful !ev»l ro«d 7
mile* to spring*. Itound-trlp tickets. JS. at S.
P. office. (13 Market street. Telephone and
postefflce. For illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther information address E. L. PERRAULT.
li. IV. proprietor arid resident physician.
\ i _£ This week we
w \ want only
intend \
An extra heavy Wash Board,
was 40c, now 25c \ V'OlliT
A good one, but lighter, \ '
was 30c, now 20c \
A few of the standard 25c \ niOfieV
brands at 15c \ '
Retinned Flour-Sifters, were 15c, now 5c \
Our special sale of Agateware selling \
at tinware prices. \
Glass Lemon-; queezers, were 15c, now. ,5c \ tcfr 1
A 6x10 Painted B : rd-Cage, was 70c, now 50c \
Salt Boxes, were 25c, now IOc \
Cigar-Shape Knife-Sharpeners, were 5c, now 2 for 5c \
ICECREAM FREEZERS. \
2-quart lightning, reduced to SI. 90 \
4-quart lightning, reduced to -. $2.60 \
• \
lf—*9» « 4» »»
818-820 Market St., San Francisco.
Mall Orders Fil'.ed.
Ban Jose Is the central city of Callfcrnla, and
Hotel Vendorr.e If" Its rr.cst attractive feature.
>djacent to Lick Observatory, New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. A!am Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
r. ads. Hotel thoroughly modern and flrst-class
In every respect, with eei-vice unsurpassed.
Ratea reasonable. For further information call
ct "Traveler" office, 20 Montgomery St.. San
Francisco, or address
GEO. P. HNELL. Mgr.. San Jose. Cal.
Central California
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
*A POPULAR MISTAKE
\ _ -¦--¦'¦;-¦."
Regarding Remedies for Dyspepsia
and Indigestion.
The national disease of Americans Is in-
digestion, or in its chronic form, dyspep-
sia, and for the very reason that it Is so
common many people neglect taking
proper treatment for what they consider
trifling stomach trouble, when as a mat-
ter of fact Indigestion lays the foundation
for many incurable diseases. Xo person
with a vigorous, healthy stomach will fall
a victim to consumption. Many kidney
diseases and heart troubles date their be-
ginning from poor digestion; thin, nervous
people are really so because their stom-
achs are out of gear; weary, languid,
faded out —omen owe their condition to
imperfect digestion.
When nearly every person you meet is
afflicted with weak digestion it is not sur-
prising that nearly every secret patent
medicine on the market claims to be a
cure for dyspepsia, as well as a score of
<ither troubles, when, in fact, as Dr.
"Worthier says, there is but one genuine
dyspepsia cure which is perfectly safe and
reliable, and, moreover, this remedy is not
a patent medicine, but it is a scientific
combination of pure pepsin '(free from ani-
mal matter), vegetable essences, fruit
salts and bismuth. It is sold by druggists
under the name of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets. No extravagant claims are made
for them, but for indigestion or any stom-
ach trouble Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
are far ahead Cf any remedy yet discov-
ered. They act on the food eaten; no
dieting is necessary; simply eat all tho
wholesome food you want, and .hese tab
Jets will digest it. A cure results, because-
all the stomach needs Is a rest, which
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets give by doing
the work of digestion. t .
FOR AN OUTING....
-
VIPIT ONE OF THE MANY MINERAL
SPRING RESORTS ALONG THE
California.. . .
Northwestern
Railway Co.
"LesEee cf SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH
PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
(THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE OF • CALI-
FORNIA.)
Where the Famous Mineral Waters
of the World Are Duplicated.
If you reefer the simple horre life cf the
Ranch, free from fashion's restraints, there
are many In our section from which to choose.
But If you would rather the tent in sbmc
pbady nook, near a lovely lake, or on the bank
of seme beautiful stream, remember such loca-
tions axe numerous and free of charse.
Call for "VACATION." a. little book Just
!?~ed by th» Company, srlvins: Camplnjj Loca-
tions, Hctels, Mineral Spring Resorts, and a
lift of cn» hundred and sixty-seven Farms and
homes, Board for the Summer can be se-
cured at from fv.CO to $S.OO per week.
-
T!ck«-t Office. 6S0 Market street c~ --tilcle
building).
General Office. Mutual Life bnlldlns. 5»an-
Kome and California streets, San Francisco.
H. C. WHITING. .*>:,<
General Manager.
R. X. RYAN.
General Passenger Agent.
CAN YOU GO WITH ONLY S*4 HOURS
OF STAGING.
AND ONLY S'-j.oo FOR THE P.OUND TRIP.
THAT WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
TIFUL
muilLniiu uirilnliO
DANCING six nlgbts cf the week. GOLF.
Tennis. Bowline, Cemeat Swimming Tanks.
ACTtES of Shady Groves and MILES x>t Shady
Walks.
Finest Deer Hunting: in the Cousty. Hant!n«r
Hcrsee and Guidts. Hot Mineral and Vapor
E*ths- Celd Mineral Plur-ses.
COMPETENT MASSAGISTS.
¦ Numerous Mineral Springs of Wonderful
Curative Properties. Large Cool Rocms. lighted
fry Electricity.
Call on LEE D. CRAIG, 316 Mor,tsom*ry st..
or E.dd:e*« CRAIG & WARNER. Highland
Bprine». CaL ¦ -*--V-
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And...
SodaJSprings.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
located In the midst of prand and impressive
mountain scenery, with Mount Shasta
and the Crags for a
background,
FINE HUNTING AND FISHINO.
L*nsurr.a«ed cuisine and service and reason-
able rates.
RAILROAD FARC round trip. Including
•leeper both ways. 914.
For rates, terms and ether information ad-
dress: E. B. PIXL.EY. Manager.
Cate Pacific Improvement Company.
Crocker Butldlntr. San Francisco.
Famous
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
Th* waters are noted for their thousands ot
cures of Rheumatism, Ciout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning;. Liver and Kidney Diseases, Neural-
gia, Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaint*. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
ins. No fogs. ITnequaled for health, rest ar.d
recreation. Rates. 312 to J14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. F.. 9 a.
m. and 2:45 p. m. dally. Carriages at Gilrov
fcr springs. For illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
The baths and delicious • n|lneral water
of the well-known
SflRflTOGA SPRINGS j
are a part of the pleasure and also a
fart of the health of this popular place.
J. MARTKNS. propr.. Bachelor P. O.,
Lake Co.: city office. 416 Pine st.
the: wellhsley,
California and Larkln Sts., San Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family Hotel. ~"
MRS. M. MERRY. Pronrletress.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
¦Tibe most attractive place in Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boating, ba thins, bowl-
ine, tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Write for
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
¦ f Laurel Dell. Lake County. Cat
VACF1MITF ttVi hours from Saa
¦ VJ'OI-.lTlI 1 1_ Francisco, via the Big
Oak Flat route. Stages leave Chinese Station
on line Eierra R. R. dally. Round ,trlp from
San Francisco $32. For further Information call
or address AVM. J. WHITE. General Agent.
633 Market St.. S. F.; telephone Main 51S2.
Mft V'TP VICT 4 OPEN MAY 1st: tons of
fllllil 1 C 1 13 I A irult: belD yourself; Illus-
trated circular. THOMAS E. MORGAN. Dutch
Flat. CaL
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL— Iron and Magnesia
Springs. These celebrated springs adjoin Bart-
lett Springs. Fishing; hunting; home cook-
Ins: good beds; S3 JO to $10 wk.; cottages for
hkpg. MRS. H. HOPPIN, Bartlctt Spgs., Cal.
EANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch, tlv*
. miles from Santa Cruz; delightful summer
home in redwoods; running water: abundance
trult; rood table; terms $5 60 -week. Addrejs
W. CRANDELL. Santa Cruz. Cal.
BOARD cn a fruit ranch, 56 per week; com-
forts of home ami free drives: round trip from
Fan Francisco" $3. Address Redwood Height,
Occidental. Sonoma County. Cal.
KEVSna & WATSO.V, Hopland. convey tour^"
iKtf; to Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs and Lakeport. The best of turnouts.
BOARD on fruit farm; one hour from city;
fare 80c; free drives. Address E. J. SUM-
NER. Redwood City.
THE Tallman House, Upper Lake. Home cock-
ing: reasonable rates. Headquarters for tour-
lets and commercial travelers.
TOirrtlSTS can get flrst-class rigs from II. A.
ELDRED, l.kiah, for all summef resorts, at
reasonable rates. Eagle Stables. Tel. No. 161.
GLEN OAKS RANCH — Nice surroundings:
comfortable rooms: good table; convenient
location. Address F. QUIEN. Glen Ellen, Cal.
}1flPlf TlPPQQ (iftAflQ
jidjuJi Uluoo uUUilo.
Four extra special values in desirable up-to-date Fabrics on sale at
these prices for this week only.
It will pay you to visit our store and inspect these bargains before
purchasing your black dress.
NOVELTY BLACK PIEROLAS.
The newest designs, warranted a perfect fast color, very lustrous silk finish. 43
inches wide, silk, wool and mohair, regular value fl 50 yard.
Special this week $1.OO yard.
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
BLACK HOMESPUN SUITINGS.
All the rage this season for putins suits and serviceable traveling dresses, an
extra heavy quality, warranted all wool, perfect fast dye, will shed dust
nicely, 42 inches wide, regular 75c kind.
Special this week 48c yard.
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLT.
EXTRA-TWO SPECIAL SNAPS-EXTRA.
BLACK STORM SERGE.
A good heavy quality, deep raven black color. 42 Inches wide, rery desirabla
for separate skirts, shirt waists, bloomers, etc., regular 40c value.
Special this week 2Oc yard.
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
FINE BLACK ALPACA. ¦ -r?
A perfect dye and finish, very silky surface, a splendid material for traveling
skirts, shirt waists, bathing suits, etc.. 33 inches wide, regular 6Cc kind.
Special this week 3Oc yard.
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY. ''•71'
WASH FABRICS.
IMPORTED FRENCH ORGANDIES.
33 Inches wide, very sheer, dainty figured effecta, cool for the warm summer
days, the regular 50c quality. : y .
Special for 2oc yard.
MARKET-STREET STORE ONX/T.
FRENCH FOULARDINE.
S2 Inches wide, choice designs on new blue, purple, lavender, r»<i, black and navy
blue ground, equal in appearance to silk, the regular 25c grade.
. / Special for I63C yard.
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN.
1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
-»-o-fr-®-e -0-9 -•-•-•-•-• o • o-o-a-o-»-s-oHis Fake Time Card, an Ingenious' Creation in the Hour of
Necessity, Was the Means of His
. Undoing.
WIELAND TRIFLED WITH
CORINTHIANS AND LOST
Notice to Passengers.
Round-trip transfer tickets on sale at
any of our offices. One trunk (round trip).
50 cents. Morton Special Delivery. 40S
Taylor street, 650 Market street, Oakland
ferry depot. .'./;".. •
The case of E. N. Boukofsky, the police
man charged with assault with a deadly
weapon on : complaint of P. O. Driscoll.
gripman, was called in Judge Megan's
court yesterday. Boukofsky's attorney
produced a certificate signed by Dr. R. L.
Grunlg to the effect that the accused po
liceman was sick and unable to appear in
court, and asked for a continuance. The
case was continued until June a to be set.
Boukof sky Is Sick.
Will be given to everybody who will come
to the 50c sale to-morrow. The tables will
be full of the finest ladies', misses' and
children's shoes and ties, only 50c a pair,
at the Boston Shoe Co. shoe sale, 775 Mar
ket street, near Fourth. •
A Grand Reception
Come Bight Along.
The Boston Shoe Co. will sell to-morrow
men's vie! kid and tan shoes for only $1 60
a pair. These shoes are worth $3 50. There
xill bo DO0 pair on sale at the Boston Shoe
Co.. 775 Market street, near Fourth. ?
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce were s flled yesterday
by James Barroman against Ellen M.
Barroman for desertion, Fannie Huglies
against Thomas Hughes for desertion,
Robert F. Sotter against Mary Sotter
for desertion, and Annie C. Steck against
Paul Stcck for cruelty. /
A Defaulting Agent.
E. R- Smith, manager of the Xew York
Life Insurance Company, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Fritz's court yesterday
for the arrest of Frank P. Noble, a special
agent of the company, on the charge of
misdemeanor embezzlement. Noble is ac
cused of embezzling $30 which he collected
from a policy holder.
Struck a Chinese.
Chin Fong, a Chinese laundryman at
1908 Union street, swore to a complaint in
fudge Cabaniss* court yesterday for the
arrest of John • Mallon ¦ on -the charge of
wtlry Mallon -is a gardener at 1S25
Green street, and was watering the gar-
Information has been received from Se
attle to the effect that the passengersi on
the Charles D. Lane were dissatisfied with
the treatment accorded them by the man
agers of the outfit and had instituted pro
ceedings for. the return of their money.
According to the ; Ktatement made by one
of the passengers, a party of tifty banded
together, , engaged a lawyer, brought
Lane. Conklin and Duffin up to his otlice
and demanded their money back. Their
plaint was that the agent had sold them
first-class tickets en the vessel and was
striving -to furnish them with steerage
accommodations. It is further stated, that
Mr. Lane became disgusted with' the
whole outfit and promptly complied with
their demand for the return of their
money. He ordered his clerk to hand to
each member of the complaining party
$110, the sum each had expended for a
ticket. He also announced to the passen
gers on the boat that if any more of them
were dissatisfied with the treatment ac
corded them he would gladly refund the
money they had paid for tickets. A num
ber of "kickers" took advantage of the
offer and received their money back.
Demanded Money Back.
W. Gould, L. F. Conan, C. E. Henchllff, John
Reynolds. ,,;:¦
Tborras O'Brien. P. J. McNamara. J. J. Coll.
C. P. Cor.e. P. Martin. Mrs. E. Martin. J. H.
Holland, Harry Ramsey. James W. Falk, John
I>. TaKart. J. A. liamliers. John Feour. J. K.
Pmlth. J. J. Whitaker, E. B. Whiteman.
Cfaarhs H. Gill, Mrs. G. H. Gill. C. Waketteld.
Mn=. Anderson. Mrs. A. Holmgren. Miss Julia
Holmgren, Mrs. Shlnktwo. W. Josei'hson. Pr.
H. Ft. G. Hopkins. I). EJ Saunders. Mrs. Emma
Wood. Mrs. Mary Conk. Rowen Wood. B. E.
Parozzi. H. A. WotVins. Mrs. It. A. Watklns.
J. H. GUmore. • I.Irs, il. G. James. Jlrs. M.
Sautry. M. F. Brltt. II. L. Van Winkle. F. II.
Bocby, Mr?. Xerr Jones, T. Kutherfcnl, J. A.
Lycn, Ge-^rse M*" Boyle. Earl MrBoyle, J. H.
Mercer, H. W. Bowden, W. H. Webb. Thomas
Ix.ok. . T a^ies Stanford, J. D. Taylor. J. Bnum.
G. W. Foi. Jolin Fay. E<1 Martin. R. A. Gard
ner. Mrs. A. J. Hoev. Ram Hubbard Jr.. M.
Archibald, L. W. Grant. L. Barnekoff. Mrs.
L. M. Austin. Theo. LUlard. H. E. Webber,
Mr?. McLnugMln. Mrs. J1..W. Walbridiff. Frei
farter. Mrs. A. McDonald. Louis Ruth. X-
Lehman. II. C. Decker, J. Pt. Johnson. James
Passengers on the Humboldt.
Thf> full list of those who sailed on the
Humboldt is es follows:
Count G. des Carets of the Eastern Si
t'erian syndicate was another passenger.
He is accompanied by five practical min
ers and will meet the remainder of his
party, v.ho wont north on the Samoa, at
Nome. Fred Hughps. formerly of the
stevedoring firm of McAllister & Hughes,
sailed on the San Jose. He will attend to
the stevedoring business of the Alaska
Commercial Company at Nome and St.
Michael.
was conducting a drugstore on Larkin
street, from Mlchalltschke Brothers, and
when ho heard that the es-Coroner was
about to leave for Alaska, after convert
ing all his property into cash, he hurried
to the City Hall and laid the facts before
Jcdpe Fritz, who thereupon issued the or
der for Hili's nrrest. The doctor paid tho
claim rather than mi. c s the boat and se
cured his release on a telephone order
from Justice of the Pence Groezintfer. lie
then made a rush to pet aboard, but was
a minute too late and had to resort to
emergency measures.
Jack Gateiy. an ex-employe of the
Coroner's office, also went up on the
San Jose. Colonel \V. J. Cotten of Arizona
nnd Joseph Zirbes of Bakcrsfleld were
also passengers. The colonel has had a
great deal of experience in mining and is
taking a lot of machinery north with him.
Mr. Zirbes is well known In connection
with the oil fields of Lower California,
and jroes north to see what he can do on
the sold fields. -.-.'¦,
C. S.-.nders. J. W. Purrell. Mrs. Leila Cox. A.
Smyth. Frink Faze, Mrs. Vie Baker, Mrs. L.
A. Jolmson. Mr?. C. E. Watkins, Miss Bertie
Wheeler. Mrs. N. A. Clayton. Charles D. Fow
ler, Panford Ilohn. Mrs. F. L. Tupper. Mrs. A.
C. McNevin. O. YntmaKakl. P. J. Newman.
M'fs H. L. Thomas. C. E. Shettle, Isaac
r.'oomquist. George McClear, C. C. Sullivan,
John J-111I. Miss Nellie Asper, Miss M. L. Fer
"usnn. S. M. Jones, Hart F. Barker,. C. K.
Darllnt, James? liohnsteln. A. Baldwin II. L.
Baldwin. Jap Jepersdames. F. L. Norton. Daniel
T. Me.'k, Lout« Oppenman, E. F. Barth. Frank
M Davte, F. II. Mulerew, Jeff Paul Chandler,
K. C. Lewis. Guy C. Corbln. C. P. Troy, H. E.
Houth K. Sne.arley, J. E. Peters, E. A. Cox.
J. CaFhen. A. P. Forb»s, H. E. Griffen,
J. Pesnon. A. H. Clement. W. -B..;Ge
rard. William Chenoweth, T. J. Ludlow. J. A.
Beatty. T. Achilles. J. J. Hillard. F. E. Dag
pett W. H. WeFsIlng. C. R. Tingle 1 . ¦ H.' D.
Cawor, W. Shields, T. J. O'Brien, D. M. Blair,
R. J. Ralston. M. Morris. Fred Jones. J. H.
Hopkins, J. R. Bell. K. L. Mutjjrif, Mrs. H.
Maltcan. Mrs. A. Herrhanson. A. Hermanson.
Mrs. Foever, Alvin Swanson, E. J. Nlcholle,
William Adams, William Cronister, Ed Rotch,
J. Pinnell 1 , W. S. Marshall. F. -A. Keane. A.
Castles, M. H. Gouin, Charles M. Butler,
Oeon?e P. Frascr, A. Anderson. L. ¦ Olsen, H.
B. Petty. L. Ericksen, ¦ G. H. Triplett, S. F.
IMmock, Mrs. M. A. Zult, Joe Tobln. H. E.
Routh. F. Snearley, Ernest Philpott, Max
Gutter. James E. Whaler, Joseph Bold. L. Cus
sick, George A. Baker. Dennis Earen, J. H.
Payers A. Gandran. James McGibben. Bert
McGibben, Thomas J. Bipger, Joaukin Sailver.
Mrs. Cassllng, Elmer Burau, Miss C. G. Day,
James M. Thompson, James M. Gibson, Mrs.
M. Hammond, George O. Rodpers, F. O. Geise.
John CorgeFhall. R. C. Hartwick. J. McCor
mack. William Brennon, S. Straus, H. Hen
ninkron. AV. L. Colman, J. Z. Williams, F. a:
Davlr. Mr. Davis, J. M. Weaver. J. S. Mc-
Donald. Edward Ellas, J. S. Stevens. E. T.
Rodgers Jr.. Mrs. D. T. Rodsers. W. H. Wel
den. W. Welden, Miss Arkells, Mrs. M. C.
Collin. William Adams, N. O. Anderson. .1. N.
AVortdward. Mrs. IVoodward. J. H. McCauiey,
1^. Donnell. Mrs. Mary Malone, John Hazard,
F. W. Perkins, Henry Knoble, W. F. Parker,
Jack Demi)sey. Thomas E. Jones, Mrs. Mary
Tobln, T. J. Tobln, Frank Joseph, Louis Jo
seph, O. F. Hannon.. P. G. lumbers:. M. Z.
Pri<-e. L. Funer. Fred Gomez. George Ttailey.
J. H. Wagrer. Julia Chabot. C, E. Tooker, Car
rie Bmnner, Hel*n Gertanner. J. S. Mclntyre,
John Irwin. T. D. Warrick, A. M. Nerino. S.
R. O"Ke»fe, Ellen Carey, A. T. WriRht, Adolph
Olsen. Mrs. B. Rivers. G. F. Brooks. A. J.
Rollin, J. R. Austin, Mr. Burke, W. H. Harris,
L. K. 'White. A. H. KinRsford, Mrs. Ida Duff,
M. MeljOUKhley, W. Button, Gus Foster, Frank
Kcanew. H. B. McCoskey, H. E. Schroder, F.
P. Grant. J. A. Sharp. J. Lawler, T. B. Lane,
H. Huddleston, H. Lane. S. Hanson. Mr.
Booth. Dan Donovan, J. Landers. M. Smith,
-tamers humboldt ar.d San Jose having to N^e.
Ex-Coroner Hill Arrested as He Is
About to Sail, but Secures Lib
erty and Boards Ship in
the Stream.
Two more steamers sailed for the gold
fields yesterday. The Alaska Exploration
Company's Humboldt got away from
fiteuart-street wharf at 11:45 a. m. with
211 passengers, and the Alaska Commer
cial Company's San Jose from Freaiont
street wharf at 2:ZJ p. m. with 130 passen
gers, many of whom were employes of the
concern. The usual crowds were down
to see lhe steamers away, and there were
many sad pariings cs mothers bade their
pons God-speed and husbands ¦wMspereii
words of comfort in the cars o£ tlieir
•wives, while sweethearts entreated their
lovers to btj sure and write and ''cope
b?ck «ocn "
ARio:ife- ihose who went away on the
.Humbuliii was John D. TaUant. the ex
banker. Mr. Tallant bus a coup'.e of good
Jcluims at Care Nome and he- intends to
thoroughly work them this summer.- Will
F. Britt. well Uncsvn in J5an Fruneuseo
.newspaper circlet;, and John J'. Hi Hi aril ot'
the Alaska. Exploration Company were
aU=o passengf rs. Felix Mulgrew goes
r.orth to work some claims he lias ai
Nome, while Dr. A t Forbes will practice
jntiiicine in Anvil City. John \V. Beatty,
late .with George; C. Shreve &• Co., goes
north in the interest of the transportation
fconipany, and M. Ferguson, the well
known speculator freni the southern part
of the State, goes north "just to see wbai
Is doing in the Arctic."
C. P. Troy and cne of his daughters also
went north on the Humboldt. They took
With them a piano and some household
iurn'ture, so it Is evidently the intention
cf father and daughter to remain for saome
tic i- in the gold lields.
Ex-Corcner Nearly Lsft.
There was some excitement at Freniont
etreet wharf as= the San Jose was pulilng
out. Ex-Coroner Kd K. H:ll had a passage
secured on the vessel, but he only reachira
the wharf when the steamer was twenty
yards away. He yelled to Captain Brown
to come back for him, tut the skipper
. or.ly smiled and shook his head. Tnen ur.
Hill yelled that he would catch them oft
Meigg's wharf if they would stop for him,
and when Pilot Read ehouted "Hurry
up" he jumped into a hack and started at
a gallop for North Beach. While the San
Jose was being searched for stowaways
Dr. Hifl came alonfe r ?ide and was haule<3
aboard. . ¦"«•-,
It appears that the ex-Corcner had ar
rived or. the wharf in ample time to board
the steamer before she cast off. but a? he
approached the gangplank he was placed
under arrest by Deputy Sheriff \V\ man
on a warrant issued hy Judge Fritz at the
instigation of O. J. Bamberger. Bambor
per held a riaim against Hill for Slol for
poods purchased by the latter when he
Steamers Humloldt and San
Jose Leave for the
Far North.
HUNDREDS MORE
JOIN THE RUSH
TO CAPE NOME
The steamer Mariposa brings the news
from Australia of the total loss of the
German ship Undine. The vessel was well
known on th-3- coast and left Salina Cruz,
Mexico, with a cargo of mahogany and
cedar logs for England on December 8
last. Nothing definite was heard from her
until the • British ship Oakhurst reached
Port Adelaide, Australia, with the news
that the ship had foundered at sea in lat
itude 30 19 south, longitude 25 36 west. The
Undine was caught In a terrific storm and
labored heavily. -Suddenly she sprang a
leak and the water gained so fast that the
crew had to leave her in a hurry- The
men, sixteen all told, escaped In two boats
and had a terrible time of it. During a
squall the boats separated, and when the
one with the captain, second mate and six
men In it was picked up by the Oakhurst
they were nearly dead from exhaustion;
Later they were put aboard the British
transport Joruoa and taken to Cape Town.
Nothing positive is known of the fate of
the other eight men, but the bark Sita
signaled the Dark Loch Rannoch on April
6 ttiat they had picked up a boat's crew
of a German ship, name unknown. The
Sita is bound from England to Brisbane,
Australia.
Tne Undine was a small ship of 726 tons
net burden. She was 'built In 1S67 and was
owned in Hamburg.
Newsboy Sails Monday.
The steamer Newsboy was to have
sailed for Nome yesterday, but the finish
ing touches have yet to De put to her al
terations, so she will not be ready to leave
until Monday night. She has been put in
tlrst class shape, and the detention is due
to the extra work being done on »he cabin
accommodations. She will take away
about 100 passengers and thirty- head of
horses. She is full of freight, among
which is the balance of the Valencia's
cargo and some stuff left behind by the
Coal From the North.
Five coal vessels carrying about 13,000
tons of black diamonds made port yester
day. The ship Occidental with 2525 tons,
ship Berlin with 2340 tons, ship Spartan
with 2240 tons and steamer Mackinaw
with 3500 tons, all came from Seattle,
while the steamer Universe with 2331 tons
aboard came from Oyster harbor.
Vessels in Quarantine.
The transport Meade will probably be
released Monday morning and the mall
steamer Mariposalthe following day. The
Meade is now alongside the fumigating
hulk and the work of cleansing the ship
and getting the passengers ready for re
lease will not 4>e completed until Sunday
ni^ht or early Monday morning. General
Otis is living ashore in Dr. Kinyoun's
quarters on tho Island, but will come to
the city just as soon as the transport Is
released. .
The Meade will be released from quar
antine Monday morning and the Mariposa
will then take her place alongside the hulk
to b*> fumigated. All the passengers on
tho Mariposa were released yesterday and
were brought to the city on the tug Re-
Denth of Captain Spear.
Captain A. F. Spear, the well known
shipmaster and stevedore, died at his res
idence, 2903 Folsom street, yesterday
morning. Captain Spear came to San
Francisco In the early days and eventu
ally branched out In the stevedoring busi
ness. He was born In Thomastown. Me.,
74 years ago. and a son and three daugh
ters survive him.
Bound From Salina Cruz, Mexico, to
England, When She Sprang a
Leak and Went Down.
Crew Saved.
Mariposa Brings the News
of the Foundering of the
.Ship Undine.
NEWS OF OCEAN
AND WATER FRONT
Acquisition' of Bush-Street Property.
Price Nearly Three Hundred
Thousand Dollars.
Henry T.- Scott and Charles E. Green,
representing the estate of Charles F.
Crocker, deceased, have bought the north
east corner of Bush and Battery streets
from the Clark- estate.' the consideration
being $230,000. The brokers who negotiated
the sale are Baldwin & Howell. The mat
ter has been under consideration soma
time. The decision was reached yester
day. The. property Is practically Market
street realty. It was purchased for an
investment.' Upon the lot is the W. S.
Clark building, a handsome brick busi
ness block, constructed only three years
ago. It Is filled wit^ tenants. The Invest
ment will, it Is estimated, pay 4 or 5 per
cent net. On the ground floor is a large
store. On the upper floors are offices.
This large sale, added to those of May
bring the total of local realty sales ud to
$2,210,930 in five Weeks.
CROCKER ESTATE IS
AGAIN A PURCHASER
den from a hose as the Chinese passed
with some laundry for 1S27 Green street.
Mallon turned the hose on the Mongolian,
who remonstrated with him. Mallon fol
lowed the Chinese to 1827 Green street and
struck him on the face, raising a lump
over his right eye.
AL. WIELAXD went sailing on Deco
ration day. According to pro
gramme he officiated as timekeep
er of the great Corinthian regatta.
This is an honor without emoluments, and
to a man of Wieland's temperament, as
events proved, a most expensive one.
lla<3 he remained at home or Joined the
ranks of thos-? who went to. decorate
graves he would be a richer man by $S3 45
—the $3 43 representing only the waiters'
tips. '
Wioland has not wept any tears over the
spending of the. coin, but he Is sore at
heart over one thing— that lie ever accept
ed Jim Hanson's Invitation to' sail on- the
Queen, though she is a good; ship and
Ftanch. As an official . he was the. guest
of honor, and that meant that the Queen
was all his own. Far off on the Marin
chore, and even in the officers' ; club at
the Presidio, c suspicious peppering -fu
pilade was heard coming from the Queen,
before, during and after the race. The
trail of that yacht would have supplied
material for life preservers sufficient to
pack, an ocean. greyhound." and .Wleland, :
standing on deck, time card in one hand,
Carl Westerfeld, at the head 'of -the. six
tables'that- had been drawn 'together to
accommodate the Corinthians that seemed
to -spring from -.-the -earth, ..arose; and
charged the offender with fraud and at
tempted; misrepresentation. -A trial was
held, the jury , being packed.' .Wieland
was convicted. 'He was sentenced to pay
for all the sailors could stow away. Only
when , the ¦' last, man cried' quits was the
wrath of the -aggrieved to be considered
appeased. ~,But that last' man never. crie«l
out;- for" every.- half .•¦hour; some unfilled
friend joined* the crowd; ; • - r ,.
'"Never. ask me to officiate again < at any.
of s your functions,".. were' the last. words
heard Saturday - morning > In '• ZInkand's | as
Al -Wieland 'bid 'good-day; to -the singing,
shouting ; sailors,: cutting -out 1 to-work."-;' -
hatched. The sufferers knew just where
to locate. the yachtsman with a blue cap
who had caused their, woe. Friday even
ing by twos and threes they flocked down
upon him as no feasted at Zinkand s. He
was congratulated on his clever perform
ance in the 'timekeeping "stunt." Of
course that' meant a <lrlnk. • Then- there
were more congratulations and more other
things.. Wieland's front began to expand
until he-thought he was- all the miracles
boiled into one. He really • believed that
his "friends believed his. ¦ time « card was
O K. At the bursting, point of
placency the anti-climax came. _
That card was a masterpiece of.invent
ive, imaginative creations. • When pub
lished In the papers . thrf next day there
was a howl that rose to heaven and dived
to the other place. Every Corinthian who
had been In the -race wanted- Wieland dn
a hurry. Through some careful detective
work the • cause . of • the errors .became
'known. ; A echeme 1 of - 'vengeance" wa?
"Look to your glass, -Al," Jim Hanson
shouted, and Just then- a gust of wind
caught the time card, which speedily
Joined' the wake. of flotsam. Official timer
and his official notes had parted company,
a serious matter for "all the enthusiastic
Corinthians concerned. ¦.-.... . ¦
Luckily for Wieland, the party aboard
the Queen was so much absorbed in other
business they did not see the card. go with
the wind. He went below decks at once,
bribed the mate to give him another card
and made a guess at the rest. When he
presented his official report : he did so
without a smile. BSgHgWWBMHl
plans In tho other, was the central figure
in a scone of life and good-fellowship.
The wind blew as if Aeolus himself had
been. the theme of all the toasts that
floated from the Queen's deck. ' When the
race was well under way Wieland became
very busy and his pencil was worn into a
stub as he rapidly jolted down- the time
the various yachts had made at different
points of the race. "
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, JUXE 3, 190(
ADVEBTISE2IENTS.
22
Sad Sea Wave Vagaries in tlie Life of Al Wieland.
$2 50 ladles' shoes for $1 GO a pair at the
Beehive Shoe Company, 717 Market St.*
$2 50 men's shoes for $1 50 a pair, at the
Beehive Shoe Co.. 717 Market St.. nr. Third*
Clocks
2O% off.
Good Time to Bay.
Come Just to look.
Great American IacGitiaz Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
J10-212 Grant Atj. (BeC Setter and PwtX
SCI Market at. (Cpp. Powell).
140 Sixth St.
1£5 Hayes St. Z1S Third St.
1419 t*ol!t St. 621 Montgomery At*.
251S Mission St. > 70S Larkln St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 1913 Devlsadero St.
146 Ninth St. 475 Ilaisht St.
?CCS Flllmoro St. 32^. Mission St. >
12 Market St. 2732 14th Bt.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 VTashinxtoa St. - CIS K. 12th St.
1237 Broadway. 1185 23d At*.
1510 Seventh St. 1355 Park St.. AUmeda,
2 Cases BLACK ENGLISH SILK
MOHAIR CREPONS, 15 different
StfllfiS,
$1.50 Yard.
Reaular Drice $2.50 uard,
4 Cases FANCY ENGLISH TWEEDS,
full 48 Inches wide, 25 different
stules, .
75C Yard.
Regular price $1.75 uard.
These six cases of Elegant Black
and Colored Dress Goods come to us
two months later than order called
for, hence the ahove prices.
Please -write for samiiles at once, while the
assortment is complete,
HI, 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Trapp*r'8 Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Drugriats. 60c flask. Richards & Co.. 406 CUy.
ORIENTAL
For the next io days we will
allow 25 per cent discount
on our entire stock of
Oraei^tall Goods
CONSISTING OF
Rare Rugs «nd Carpets,
Kellm and Bagdad
Curtains.
CHAS. M! PLUM & CO.,
NINTH and MARKET STS.,.San Fnncisca
fi=» 11 PA Completely eradicated with- -
U 1 1 1 V o* 11 cuttlnz or ty Inz. No
|»|fi:P cure, no pay. For . Intormc-
1 4_|—O tton address S. F. RECTAL.
'" ¦ » ; »^ F INSTITUTE. 1170 MarlMC
¦, VIN MARIANI
MARIAN) WINE-W03LD FAMOUS TONIC
Written indorwMncr.ts froia more than 8000
phj-eicianp. Never ha* anything; rrc^lvol such
hlfirh rerojmJlJ^n from the medical proffssion;
Xhcrpfnre Vin Martini ran be taken with per-
fect fafety. .
Sold by all druggists. Refuw Substitutes.
4-Eooffl Furniture
.. FOR $98, %
BEDIiOOM— Beilroom fet,- 7-riIeoes. hardwood;
. 1 rood \Vir<« Sp«'lns. 1 CCKxl Top Mattress, 1
l»air 1'IUows.
I»AK1>»II-- iiieces Oak or Mahogany fphol-
etored Prt.
DINING-noOJI— 1 Hardwood Extern-ion Tatle.
6 Oak Chairv.
KITCHEN— 1 Patent Table. 1 So. 7 Stove, 2
No »»xtra charge on credit.
— MAKE TOUR OWN TERMS.—
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Slockion St. Near Broadway.
Open Evenings.
Sterling Silver Mounted
Walking Sticks
To-morrow we will offer a great bargain in
men's sterling silver-mounted walking sticks
in all "length^ made of real congo wood with
crooked handles.';
these canes, although worth, a great deal
more money will be on special sale at
V " each.
Novelties in Lace Curtains
Take elevator to second floor
Just arrived a shipment of Brussels net cur-
tains ;in tne newest and latest patterns in
Renaissance and applique effects, $£ yards
long, well made, and at tempting prices. ;<
Nottingham and ruffled Swiss curtains in a
great variety at moderate prices.
> A complete assortment of plain and hem-
stitched Utica Mills cotton sheets and" pillow
cases at right prices, will be of interest to you.
* . . . *
129 Kearriy Street ;
WHEN IN
BRUSSELS.
When In Brussels telephone Cha. Del-
acre et Cie. Pharm2de Angriaise. 5S Rue
<!e la Montagne de la Cour; they will send
to your hotel or tell you the nearest phar-
macy that keeps Humphreys' Specifics.
"77" for Grip and Colds. Specific **4" for
Diarrhea; very important when traveling:.
i Specific "1" for Fovers. Congestion.
'Specific "W for Dyspepsia. Indigestion.
• Specific "1Z" for Rheumatism.
BpecJnc rtSZ for Malaria.
Specific '-2C- for Sea Sickness.
Specific "27" for Kidney and Bladder.
Manual of all diseases, especially about
children, sent free.
For sale t^y all druggists or pent on re-
ceipt of price, 25 c^nts each. Humphreys'
'.Homeopathic Medicine Co., corner Wil-
liam and John streets. New York.
32 Rue Etienne-Marcol, 32, Paris.
ADVERTISEMENTS
ENJOY the BEST
New Vehicles for One, Two,
Four or Six Passengers.
FOR THE COUNTRY:
Canopy - Top Surreys.
Country Club Wagons.
Runabouts. Traps. . . .
Mare New Things in Sa!H Rubbrr
Tire and Pneumati: Pubber Tire
Vehicles Thas Ever Bef jre
The C\sme Is the Guarantee:
STUOtBAKERS
Market end Tenth Sis.
L. F. WEAVER, Manager. .
Catalcg-u^E ma!Ii?<5 en application.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
A
I l^-y^JI^ Lot
Uflririit ! —
Pianos |==f
This is a BDlendid opportunity to obtain
a fine toned Instrument forrery little
money.
Send five cents in stamrs for
postage on new furniture catalog.
THE J. NOONAN
•IDRNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
rO/7-/O23 MISSION STRBBT,
ABOVE SIXTH.
Flua* South it. ' gta FrinoUsj.Tlease present this card at
Saint Marys Church
On Thursday, June tb; seventh.
A 'clergyman was recently hanged In
effigy in Boiling Springs. Pa., because of
his successful fight against the granting
of a liquor license to the village hotel.
F. Tillmann Jr. Gave His First An
nual Outing With Special Steamer
and a Band.
One hundred and thirty employes of Till
mann & Bendel were entertained royally
by F. Tillmann Jr. yesterday. ? They had
a special steamer, the Caroline, to carry
them across the - bay, and when they
reached Oakland special cars were pro
vided to take the party to Fruitvale to
Mr Tillmann's home. They also had the
Second Regiment band with them to sup
ply them with music.
This was the first of a serins of annual
outings to be given by Mr. Tillmann to his
employes. At noon there was an elabo
rate luncheon under the tre.es. Then came
a. season of speechmaking, games and
other forms of diversion.
Dinner was served toward .evening. A
programme of fireworks brought the llm
outing to a successful and delightful close.
The excursionists reached the city before
midnight. H. D. Loveland. the new man
ager and vice president of the firm, was of
the party.
JOLLY TIME ACROSS
BAY. FOR EMPLOYES
PETER W. McGLADE."
pany, real estate, 615 Leavenworth street;
J B Williams, 142 Fourteenth street; F.
K Shafer, California Milk Company, 3071
Twenty-third street; Harry F. McGurren.
saloon. , 1398' Market street; Frederick
Dueling, solicitor.' 953" McAllister street;
John Corbett, collector, 1014 Lombard
street ;• Adolph- Hlller, stationery, ¦-, 421
Chestnut street; M. E. Willis, 804 Eddy
Many other charges still stand against
McGlade. His conviction was the 'result
in a great measure of testimony given by
handwriting experts, who testlfled;that all
the disputed-documents 'were the; handi
work of the accused;- One witness testi
fied that he saw McGlade sign the de
mands scheduled as Nos. 81. 82 and 83. and
this was the strongest evidence against
him. All of these, cases were continued
until. Monday to-be set for- trial. • Judge
Cook will pass! sentence .next .Friday.
Under the law . McGlade vmay ;be com
mitted to the penitentiary for from one to
fourteen ; years. ¦•'•' ' ' ¦
McGlade's. political career, .which ended
on the discovery of "the "frauds In the
Street Department, began in the -office of
PETER W; McGLADE, at one time
prominent In the councils of the
Democratic party, successful in
politics and well known as a good
fellow, stands convicted of forgery. After
deliberating for over seventeen hours the
jury that sat during the many days of
his trial came into court shortly after 10
o'clock yesterday morning and filed a ver
dict adjudging the defendant guilty as
charged. The verdict handed to the clerk
by the foreman of the Jury reads:
"We the Jury find the defendant. P. W.
McGlade, guilty of forgery in having ut
tered, published and passed as genuine
and true the demand described in the in
dictment, then and there knowing the
same to be false and forged, as charged
in the indictment.""
The demand referred to bore date of
September 1, 189S, and purported to have
been legally made by T. Dwyer. It con
tained-a demand for $96 on the treasury
and showed an indorsement by T. B. Mc-
Ginnis.' who. as a Supervisor's clerk,
passed •' on such demands. This indorse
ment, it was charged, was forged by Mc-
Glarte, and the Jury has found Him guilty.
In view of the many sensational re
ports that the jury, had been tampered
with In the interest of the defendant and
his well-known political affiliations. M--
Glade's convictions came as a surprise to
the "push." i After elaborate aiguiudut
Friday afternoon the jury, on whom-all
eyes were centered., retired to deliberate
on a verdict. A minute after the verdict
was entered yesterday Attorney T. J.
Lennon. of the firm of Lcnnon & Haw
kins, who represented the accused, took
an exception to the same and will take
an appeal to the , Supreme Court. Mr.
Lennon then asked 'that - the jury be
polled. Each juror repeated the verdict,
"Guilty as charged." The jurors were: -
F. L. Guntz, secretary. Gantner & Guntz
Undertaking Company, 8 City Hall
squar*e: B. Grave/merchant, 2121 Pacific
avenue; R. J. Hancock, real estate, 92S
Broderick- streets .Clarence Mustoof the
Neapolitan .Paste .Conipany,. 705. Battery
street; E, A. Sachs of Martin Sachs Com-
Convicted of Street Depart
ment Frauds by a
Jury.
PETER McGLADE IS
GUILTY OF 'FORGERY
F. W. Dohrmann. president of the Mer
chants' Association, has written a letter
of defiance to Attorney J. E. O'Donnell
The lawyer, at the last meeting of
the Board of Supervisors*, made charges
to the effect that the merchant was heav
ily Interested In the City Street Improve
ment Company. This corporation owns,
O'Donnell alleged, the only sprinkling
wagons in this city that conform to the
order of the board designating what style
of wagons fhall be u?ed In sprinkling the
city's streets. The letter from Mr. Dohr
xnann, which is of a sizzling nature and
demands gome sort of a reply from the
attorney. Is as follows:
SAN FKANCISCO, June 2. 1300.
Mr. J. E. O'Donnell, City— Sir: The daily
n&.j*T6 rejjort that beiore the Hoard of Super
visors, and when I was not present, you made
the following ciiarse, refuting, when requested
by the Mayor to do bo, to give your authority:
"Mr. Uoiirmann owns a principal Interest in
the City Street Improvement Company, which
•/wns the only cart* allowed to be used under
the existing: order, and Jt was by »the ma
chination of that company that the contract
v as made." . ¦'¦¦-"¦ .'."
It was not my Intention to notice these
ci.arpes until several members of the Mer
chants' Association, of which 1 have the honor
to be president, and on whose behalf I have
lx*n active In regard to street sprinkling, rep
rc««nted to me that wh!!» the absurdity of your
Matements would be easily recognized by those
who -'knew of the circumstances, there would
\>r many others who might be misled through
your ttatf-raf-nts if they remain unchallenged.
I now call m>on you to produce proof of the
cl-iai-frs that 1 am or have been directly or ln
<Jireotly financially interested In the City Street
Improvement or any other company having con-'
tract* with the municipal government, a*id If
you can prove your < harge I will hand over
JlOfiO to the fund now lx-'.ng raised to assUt the
Hoard of Health. /
As to the' charge that carts allowed to be
ured under, the Kprinklins contract art con
trolled by ftie City Improvement Company. I
refer you to FtudM>alu»r Brothers on Market
ptrret, who- have tl,--.- carte ror eale to any
body who wtehep to buy them, and who kindly
loaned them to the Merchants' Association for
th«> purpose of «-xj*>rimc.it!ng as to the best
methods of rprlnklin*r the streets.
If you are unable to produce i*-, proof* called
for I shall expect you to acknowledge jiubllcly
t-hat you have' t»*en misinformed In rr-eard to
farts and have made, statements which are not
correct. If you car.r.ct prove them and will
nofYnake acknowledgment' of your error, the
ratt:ral inference will be that you have will
fully and maliciously ulvon expressions to
«-fcarse* which ycu knew you could not sub
stantiate. Vcuns truly,
F. IV. DOHRMAKN.
O'Donnell • claims that through the
machinations of the Oity Street Improve
ment .Company the Supervisors issued a
street sprinkling ord^r that makes H pos
sible for that company to obtain the con
tract without fear of other bidders.
issues Letter in Which He Says Ho
Owes No Interest in Street
Improvement Com
pany.
Merchant Demands That the
Lawyer Furnish Proof
of Charges.
O'DONNELL IS
GIVEN DEFIANCE
BY DOHRMANN
No one seems to know how the fire
started. Oppenheimer. who Is a pawn
broker on Grant avenue, and his family
wore away at the time and neighbors
turned in an alarm when they saw tlames
shooting from the roof of the building.
In a short .time the blaze lighted up the
surrounding country and the bay.
Thousands of people congregated on the
bluffs and narrow streets above and
watched the elements of destruction at
their work. From the bay and water front
the sight was particularly spectacular, it
appearing as If an Immense sheet of flame
was shooting out of the ridge of Tele
graph Hill.
The fire had almost consumed the entire
building before the horses laboring up the
steep hilld could draw the apparatus close
enough to be of any service. Two fire
men— Harry Wilson of Truck 2 and John
Smith of Truck 1— were struck by falling
debris and had to be carried from the
scene. Both quickly recovered. The total
loss on the two dwellings will approxi
mate $2000.
One of the most spectacular fires seen in
San Francisco in some time destroyed the
residence of G. Oppenheimer, 1402 Mont
gomery street, last evening- The building
was located near the summit of Telegraph
Hill and the rear portion of It was sup
ported on tall piles. Much difficulty was
experienced by the Fire Department in
reaching the pcene and before a stream of
water could be brought to play on the
flames, the Oppenheimer residence was a
mass of ruins and the dwelling of J.
Lenox adjoining was badly gutted.
Two Firemen Injured by Falling
Dabris in a Conflagration That
Destroys One Building and
Guts Another.
Fire Burns Fiercely While
Engines Toil Up the
¦Steep- Incline.
FLAMES ATTRACT
LARGE CROWD TO
TELEGRAPH HILL
Naturally with such wide connections,
the wedding gifts are nume«ous and very
olegant.
chlds and natural orange blossoms, the
Litter being forced for the occasion, and
her only ornament will be a pearl brooch,
the gift of Mr. Harrison.
Mr. D. O. Mills, the bride's uncle, will
give her away.
MIps Rosa Day.
Eltapomo Parlor No. S3, Wcavei-viHe— Miss
Annie Condon.
Orinda. Parlor N'o. ."6. Kan Francisco — Miss
Mac Mcltac. Mrs. • Kmma timber Koley.
Fremont Parlor No.' 53. San Francisco— Mrs.
Rlrhard Barton, Miss Lillian Versalovlch.
Ollvlna Parlor No. 61, Alvarado— Miss Dora
B. Joyce.
Danlanelle Parlor No. 66. Rnnora — Mrs. II. J.
Hampton, Miss Lucia. V. Faxon.
Buena Vista Parlor No. 68, San Francisco —
Mrs. Oenevleve Baker, Mrs. Nellie Rader, Miss
Minnie Stebblns, Miss Mollle Lon?.
Columbia Parlor No. 70. French Corral— Mrs.
Annie Bean.
Oneonta Parlor No. 71, Ferndale — Mrs. Eva
Schriener.
L.JJS Lomaa Parlor No. 72, San Francisco—
Miss Mary Waters, Mrs. Emma Sehofleld.
Verltas. Parlor No. .75, Merced— Miss Mamie
Ryan, Mrs. Emma Nordsp-en.
Crescent Parlor No. 76, Crescent City — Mrs.
Laura Frantz.
Junnita Parlor No. 77. Araador — Miss Irene
Bennett.
¦.-Amapnl* Parlor No. SO, Sutter Creek— Frances
Vlclnf, Mary Randolph. '
San Jose Parlor No. 81. San Jose— Miss Tlllle
CampiKlia.
" El Peacadero Parlor No. 82, Tracey — Miss
Bertha FrerlchB. !
Yosemite Parlor No. S3, San Francisco— Miss
Mny Flynn, Miss Daulton.
Princess Parlor No. 84, Angels— Miss Myrtle
Loe.
¦ Forrest Parlor No. S6, Plymouth — Miss Clara
Stelner.
Piedmont Parlor No. S7,. Oakland— Miss
Amanda Hammerley. Miss Vorrath.
La Kstrella Parlor No. 89, San Francisco-
Mrs. Emma Thlerbach, Miss Julia Vasselin.
Woodland Parlor No. 90. Woodland — Mrs. C.
R. Leake. Miss Lulu Shelton.
Miriam Parlor No. 91, Somersville— MIes Alice
Sorgenfrey.
Pinole Parlor No. 92, Pinole— Mrs. Louis P.
Brandt.
San Miguel Parlor No. 94, San Miguel— Mlas
M. R. Murray.
Bucn Ventura Parlor No. 93, Ventura — Miss
Orpha Foster.
Sans Souci Parlor No. 96, San Francisco-
Mrs. Sarah Osterman, Mrs. Mamie I. Brown.
Reichllng Parlor No. 97, Fortuna— Mrs. Emma
O'Connor.
Vendome Parlor No. 100, San Jose— Mies Til-
Conrad Parlor No. ' 101, Volcano — Miss Clo
rinda Cassinelll. '
Aleli Parlor No. 102, Salinas— Mrs. Ariana
W. Stlrllnc, Miss S. Nathalie Clark.
Calavcras Parlor No. 103, San Francisco —
Miss Ryan.
Capo de Oro Parlor ~ No. 105, Holllster — Mrs.
Leila Shaw. ¦
Aloha Parlor No. 106, Oakland— Mrs, Carrie
B. Landregan.
Geneva Parlor No. 107, Camanche— Miss Ma
mie C. Duffy.
San Luislta Parlor No. 10S. San Lu!s Obispo —
Miss Annes M. Lee, Mrs. Aenes McCaffrey.
El Paso de Robles Parlor No. 109, Paso Ro
blfa—Mrs. Phoebe Brooks.
La Bandera Parlor No. 110, Sacramento— Miss
Maud Wood. Miss Zoe Johnson.
Sutter Parlor No. Ill, Sacramento— Miss "Win-
Eschseholtzia Parlor No. 112. Etna Mills— Miss
Rosalia J. Smith.
San Andreas Parlor No. 113, San Andreas-
Mrs. Martha C. Hanseom.
Darina Parlor N6/ 114,- San Francisco— Mrs.
Lucle E. Hammersmith, Mrs. ¦ Emma D.
• Th«-fe girls will wear extremely attrac
tive giiwns of white silk muslin over white
Filk. with entre deux of cluny lace and
Fashes of pink crepe <Je chine. They will
also wear pink and white picture hats
Mips Crocker -has chosen for her brides
maids Miss Marj' Scott and Miss Caroline
Taylor of San FYsnrisco. who have been
here for a few weeks; Miss Harriet Al
exander, her cousin; Miss Susan Alexan
<!rr MeCook of this city. Miss Jean Reid,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. WhitHaw Reid
find co^in of bride-elect, and Miss Jen
r.it- Crocker, her young Fister. who Js at
echool in a suburban town.
fortably more than 150 people. Weddings
have been rarely celebrated at Tuxedo
Pr.rk and that of next Thursday will be
the most notable in the history of the
place.
after being arranged In coronet fashion
on her head It will almost completely
cover her gown, extending to the end of
the long train. For this reason there is
no trimming of lace on the gown, but the
bodice and sleeves are almost entirely of
the same lace. Some one has likened the
pattern of the veil to the delicate tracery
of frost on a window pane.
The bridal bouquet will be of white or-
Ramona I'arlor No. 21, Martinez — Miss Aga
Lander. -
La Ksperanza Parlor No. 24, Los Angeles —
Mffs Emma Schmitz.
Santa Cruz Parlor No. 26, Santa Cruz— Mrs.
Kate Cooper, Miss Marie Pioda.
Occident Parlor No. 28, Eureka— Mrs. Annie
A. Felt, Mrs. Cora L. Robinson.
Manzanlta Parlor No. 29. Oras3 Valley — Mrs.
Alison F. Watt, Miss Agnes Smith, Miss Anna
Horan.
Golden Bar Tarlor No. 30, Sierra City— Mrs.
Kate Irwin Dubordieu.
Ancellta Parlor No. 32, Llvermore — Miss Mol
lle E. Carroll.
Kl Pajaro Parlor No. 35. Watsonvllle — Mrs.
Winnie Morey, Miss Alice Leland.
Naomi Paricr No. 36, Downlevilie— Mrs. Car
rie L. Meroux.
Parrl Parlor No. 38, DIxon— Mrs. L. Gor
thelmer. <
Camella Parlor No. 41, Anderson — Mrs\ C. C.
McMurry- ¦
Sierra Parlor No. 42, Dutch Flat— Mrs. Julia
Stransr.
Ruby Parlor No. 46, Murphys-»Mlss Effie
Kellbar. ...
Golden State Parlor No. 50, San Francisco —
Harriet S. Lee, woodland I'arlor, \\ oodland.
The following Is the list of the repre
sentatives from sixty-eight of the pev
enty-slx parlors, eight not having yet sent
In their returns:
Ursula Parlor No. 1, Jackson — Mrs. Ella
Caminetti. Mrs. Mollle FolKer.
Minerva I'arlor No. 2. San Francisco — Miss
Annie Donaldson, Mlrs Mary Dempsey.
Alia Parlor No. 3, San Francisco— Mrs. Afrnes
Thornagle. Mips Liz/it? Douglass, Mrs. Mary
Myers. Miss Mary Hichter. Mrs. Julia Stein
bach. Mrs. MaiiKle Greif.
Joaquin Parlor No. 5. Stockton — Mrs. Kmma
Barney, Miss Rose Gntkovr, MIrs Kmma Hllke.
Laurel Parlor No. 6, Nevada City— Mrs. Mil
nfrva Snyder, Miss Lillian Mallen, Mrs. Louisa
Zoitler.
Oro Fino No. 9, San Francisco— Miss Eliza
beth Henrix, Mrs. Kvelyn Anderson.
Marguerite No. 12, Placervllle— Mn. Mary
Lucas, Mrs. Nellie Copland.
Efhccl Parlor No. 16. Napa— Mrs. Jennie
PcMvarz.
Alameda Parlor No. IS, Alameda— Miss Lo
r!nda Hlckman.
<=ip>IiK Grand Parlor of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West will
j| meet ..in Jackson. Amador County, In
fourteenth annual session on June 12.
The legislation for the order this year
will be passed upon by about 115 repre
sentatives of the subordinate parlors. In
addition there will be in trie grand body
the following grand officers:
Past grand president, Mrs. Lena II. Mills,
Joaqutn I'arlor. Stockton; grand president,
Mrs. Cora II. Sifford. Huenaventura Parlor,
\>ntura: cr?m<l vic<» president. Mrs. ISnia
tary.' Mrs. OeoreMo V. Kyan. ' Huena Vista
Parlor, Kan Franrlf-oo; grand treasurer,
Mifs Eliza D. Keith, Alta Parlor, San
Francisxo; gran.'l marshal. Miss Laura J.
Frakes. Amapola Parlor. Sutt?r Creek; grand
in.«idi? sentinel. Mrs. Sophie Pchroeder. Alameda
parlor. Alumeda: pran.1 outside sentinel. Mrs.
Sadie Rios>. La Kfpcranza I'arlor. Los Angeles.
Grand trurtees— MIfs Dora Zmudowskl. El
Pajaro; Parlor. Watscnvllle;- Ml«s Hannah Gray,
Joaquih Parlor. Stockton: Mis« Stella Finkei
dey, Santa Cruz I'arlor, Santa Cruz;, Mrs. Mary
J. Lar.eford, Occident Parlor. Eureka; Miss
Prominent Candidates for Grand Officers.
Ralph.
Los Pimlentos Parlor No. 113. Santa Paula —
Mrs. Flora Wlllard.
I-a Palonia Parlor No. 116, Gilroy — Mrs. Fay
Pea body.
During the session there will be Intro
duced measures looking toward a" revision
of the ritual, which many of the mem
bers believe is too long. A strong fiffht.
it is said, will bo made to preserve it in
its present condition, as . the several
charges which are expressed 'in most elo
quent language portray the aims and the
principles of the order in a manner that
cannot be improved upon.
An effort will be made to establish a
Native Daughters' scholarship at the Uni
versity of California.
San Luis Obispo will make a bid for the
Gra/id Parlor session of 1901, and 'there
may be other cities that want the honor
of having that grand body, but as yet
they have not been heard from. A propo
sition will, bo presented. to have ajsession
of the Grand Parlor at some "time within
the next five' years In the Yosemlte Val
ley, as It is believed by the promoters of
that idea that the members of the grand
body will be Inspired by meeting In that
grand wonder of California as delegates
never before have been inspired.
Mrs. Cora B. Sifford will become the
past grand president, and she will be suc
ceeded as grand president by Mrs. Emma
Gett of Califla Parlor of Sacramento, who
now holds the position of grand vice presi
dent. For the latter office there will be
more than one candidate. Those who have
been named are Mrs. Ella Caminetti of
Ursula Parlor. Mrs. Genevieve Baker of
Buena A r ista Parlor and Miss Eliza D.
Keith of Alta Parlor. The last named Is
at present grand treasurer. For some time
past the contest was between the first two
named, but it is asserted that Miss Keith
has been Induced to allow her name to be
used. Grass Valley wants the grand mar
shalship for one of its delegates, and it Is
said that Mrs. Allslm F. Watt of Manza
nlta Parlor of that city will be placed In
nomination. For the office of grand sec
retary the friends of the incumbent. Mrs.
GeorjHe • .C. Ryan; will urge her to
be. a .candidate again. Others who
are named for thl f s very Important office
are- Miss Laura J. Frakes of Amapola
Parlor. Sutter Creek, at present grand
marshal. The name of Miss Harriett E.
Lee of Woodland Parlor, one of the grand
trustees, lias been mentioned, but there is
no certainty that the lady will be a candi
date. Miss Lizzie Douglass of Alta Par
lor No. 3 of this city will be named for
grand treasurer. unless there should be a
change by the time nominations are made,
and she will then be named for another
offlce. There will be a number of candi
dates for the other offices, but there are
so many for these that no one Is willing to
make a guess as to possible successful
ones.
The members of Ursula Paricr, the pio
neer parlor of the State, located at Jack
son, and the citizens of that place have
made extensive preparations for the re
ception of the- Native Daughters, to the
end that their stay in the city shall be a
pleasant one.
the Registrar of Voters. In 1S94 he was a
candidate for the office of clerk of the
Supreme Court. Under Superintendent of
Streets Ambrose he occupied a- position of
responsibility. It was in this office that
the;scheme for making money, evolved
what now threatens to close. the doors of
a penitentiary upon him, for how many
years will only be known when judgment
In the last charge against him has been
pronounced.
TRIED THREE TIMES
TO END HER LIFE
Suicidal . Effects of Whisky Upon
Emma Dutch, a Woman of the
Tenderloin.
Emma Dutch, a woman of . the tender
loin, has made three Ineffectual attempts
to end her life while intoxicated. Friday
afternoon she attempted to jump into the
bay from the ferry-boat Bay City, and
when the boat reached the slip she was
given Into the custody of Policeman Cal
laghan.
While in the City Prison Friday evening
the woman tried to strangle herself with
a rope which she had made from a por
tion of her dress. She was sent to the
Receiving Hospital, where she soon recov.
ered. After being taken back to prison
she tried -to knock out her brains by
butting her head against the sfone wall of
her cell and had to be put in a strait
jacket: She was taken before Judge Mo
gan yesterday morning and seemed to
have : recovered from the "effects of her
spree. The Judge sentenced her to. serve
thirty. days ln'the County Jail.
PLEA FOR BOERS
BY THE COLLEGE
OF NETHERLANDS
Liberty.
Faculties of America Asked
to Aid the Cause of
Anti-British Meeting Under Direc
tion of the Local Transvaal Com-
mittee Is Held in Metro
politan Temple.
While the valiant arrcy of the Transvaal
Is battling at the gates of Pretoria for
liberty and right the movement in their
behalf In America goes on apace. A pro-
Boer meeting under the direction of the
local Transvaal committee was held last
evening in Metropolitan Temple. Tho
big han was fittingly decorated. The stars
and stripes were eveirywhere in evidence,
while across the forum flags of the two
South Atrican republics that are lighting
sme by side were draped.
Judge M. Cooney. chairman of former
meetings, first addressed the audience,
lie read an appeal trum the faculty oC
the college of the Netherlands to the fac
ulties of the colleges of America, calling
upon them to use their good otflces in
bringing peace again to the liberty-loving
people of the dark continent. In this ap
peal the Netherlands faculty prays for aid
that will stay the hand of the Britons
that Is now "beating down" the Boers'
right to organize its powers In such form
as to them shall seem most likely to ai
fect their safety and happiness, that they
may assume among the powers of the
earth the separate and equal station to
which the laws of nature and of natures
God entitles them. In conclusion the fac
ulty says:
"We invoke with confidence your assist
ance and your support for the men of
peace who have repaired to you. Assist
in enlightening your people and your Gov
ernment and perhaps aLjo the people and
Government of Great Britain ana show
them the way of justice, the only way of
a free nation. In so doing you will remain
faithful to the device ot your ancestors,
a device which In their own language hav
ing once more become a battle cry re
sounds this time over the blood-stained
fields of South Africa, "For liberty and for
justice.' "
M. F. Tarpey, chairman of the meeting,
was next Introduced. Mr. Tarpey pre
sented a resolution to the gathering de
nouncing the act of Great Britain In forc
ing war on the Boers and expressing sym
pathy for the struggling republics of
South Africa. Telegrams from Dr. Hc-n
rick Muller. Envoy Extraordinary of the
Orange Free State; Dr. W. J. Leyds and
Senator B. R. Tillman. peace envoys of
the South African republics; Senator W.
E. Mason, and others, expressing sym
pathy for the Boers and congratulaf.ng
the local committee on its energetic work,
were also read.
T. Pintber, Colonel J. J. Tobin, Mr. Van
Loben. Attorney Troy and others ad
dressed the gathering during the evening.
Considerable money was subscribed to the
Boer cause by the audience, which at tho.
conclusion of the addresses offered three
cheers for the Transvaal, for the Orange
Free State and for liberty. -. .-.
BOEB SYMPATHIZER IS JATLED.
Tom O'Brien Arrested for Addressing
a Crowd From Mint Steps.
Tom O'Brien, labor agitator, politician
and ex-clerk of the Police Court, was ar
rested last night and charged with dis
turbing the peace. O'Brien attended a
meeting of the Boer sympathizers at Met
ropolitan Temple, and as. his name was
not on 'the list of speakers he concluded
to hold a meeting of his own. Taking up
a position on the Mint steps he started to
harangue a small crowd which had col
lected on what he termed "British Atroci
ties in South Africa."
Scarcely had he opened his mouth when
Captain Hawes. who has charge of th»
night guard at the Mint, acting under in
structions from Superintendent Leach,
placed the Irrepressible O'Brien under ar
rest. He was at once released on cash
bail.
Cantaln Hawes says he was instructed
by Superintendent Leach not to allow
any Boer meetings to be held on the Mint
steps, and In arresting O'Brien he merely
obeyed his orders."
Shoeing Fire Horses.
The Fire Commissioners a'ter spending
several hours Friday afternoon and yes
terday morning considering the bids and
listening to the anruments of the various
bidders for the contract of shoeing the de
partment horses awarded the contract to
John O'Rourke. Golden Gate avenue. The
other bidders were James Mooney. J. F.
Kennedy. Paul Friedhofer. T. Crowley.
Nicholas Morrlssey, Thomas ilcGee and
E. M. Grar.ey.
REGULATIONS
FOR SANITARY
CORPS OF N.G.C.
How the New Organization
WillBs Made Up From
Companies.
Eeport That Assistant Adjutant Gen
eral Geisting May Retire.
Changes in First Infan
try Regiment.
As yet no orders have been issued for
a division encampment this year, and
many guardsmen are Inclined to the bcllvf
that none will be held until next year.
General orders from headquarters at
Sacramento have been Issued providing
for regulations for the government of the
sanitary corps of the National Guard, In
accordance with the recommendation of
acting Surgeon General Colonel W. D. Mc-
Carthy. These provide that the enlisted
strength of the corps shall be one hospital
sergeant for the surgeon general's office,
two hospital sergeants for the division
surgeon^s , office and one hospital sergeant
for each brigade surgeon's office. These
are to perform the duties of hospital stew
ards and shall rank as such. There shall
be one hospital steward for each regiment
of Infantry, one hospital sergeant for each
battalion and one private for each com
pany, troop and signal corps.
Orders have been issued for target prac
tice. These direct the proper officers to
fix dates for the shoots for the months of
May, June, July, August, September,
October, November and December. As the
orders were issued in the- latter part*of the
last week In May the officers are in a
quandary as to how to order their men to
appear before the targets In that month.
Under the order Major Wegener will su
pervise the shoots of Troop 1 A, cavalry,
and Captain A. A. Hanks will supervise
those of the signal corps of the second
brigade.
Company I, infantry, recently organized
at Llvermore, has been officially recog
nized and designated as Company I of the
Fifth Infantry, t
In general order No. 5, Issued from the
headquarters of the First Regiment o£
Infantry, the following changes are noted:
Upon application Private John Vv. Cobby,
Company M, First Regiment Infantry. I*. O.
C, has been transferred to Company G. First
Regiment Infantry. N. G. C.
..At their own request Sergeant Louis H.
Anthes, Company I>. and Corporal William T.
Beck, Company D.'are reduced to the grade of
private soldier, to date May 1, 1900.
Upon the recommendation of their company
commander the following appointments were
made In Company M: Servant Charles E.
Xoyes. first sergeant.' and Sergeant Malcolm
S. McNelll,' quartermaster serseant. vice Rivera
discharged and Sonntag reduced respectively.
•Upon recommendation of the company com
mander the following promotions and appoint
ments were made In Company D: Private John
Korneman, first sergeant, vice Meadows, dis
charged; Corporal James O. Staples, sergeant,
vice Swan, transferred: Private Gabriel Steph
ens Jr., Bud J. CNeiU and William Whitlow,
sergeants, vice Flinn and Downle, discharged,
and Anthes, reduced; Privates Thomas J. Ga
lonl, Walter J. Roussel. Frank J. Rlordan an-1
Neptune J. Malville. corporals, vice McAlister
and Cavanagh, discharged. Staples, promoted
sergeant, McCarty, deceased, and Beck, re
duced.
Upon recommendation of the company com
mander the following promotions and appoint
ments'were made in Company H: Private Wil
liam F. Dunne appointed first sergeant, vice
Holtz. 'Jlscharged; Privates Timothy J. Kenny
and John L. Swift, sirseants, vice Ehrenpfort
and Mitchell, discharged: Privates George II.
McGInerty, Kdward Valentl. Thomas F.
Browne Lawrence Grimes, Thomas F. Wall and
William C. Walsh, corporals, vice Schneider.
Guedet. nonet and Jaggle, discharged, and to
fill crtclr.al ¦ vacancies respectively.
Since the Issuance o t f previous orders
nineteen men have been dropped from the
regimental roll, nine on account of remov
al, three on account of death, three for the
good of the service, two term expired, one
exempt and one who disappeared while
the regiment of volunteers was at- Manila.
A new election In Company K of the
First Infantry for captain and first lieu
tenant has been ordered for the 14th Inst.
It is reported that Lieutenant Colonel
J. G Geisting. assistant adjutant general
on the Second Brigade staff, will retire
from that position.
William Bruce has been elected captain.
Asa Newell first lieutenant and F. Confer
second lieutenant of Company B, Sixth
Infantry. ' .
The Marion." which was brought down
from Mare . Island - last Sunday, had on
board' all the officers of the two local di
visions, the engineer corps and 130 enlisted
men. She made an excellent run. the log
showing her speed to have been 11& knots.
She is now In first-tlass condition and will
be kept in the stream: so she may be
ready to move on short notice In case of
need, says Captain James, who declares
that he feels very proud of the old ship.
Sermon by Father Yorke.
The feast of the Pentecost will be cele
brated at St. Peter's Church to-day with
a solemn high mass at 10:30 o'clock. Rev.
Peter C. Yorke will preach toe sermon.
ALLEGED EMBEZZLER
IS BROUGHT BACK
Detective Ellis * Arrives From St.
Louis With W. T. ,Wykes, Who
Was Arrested There.
W. T. Wykes,, who was arrested in St.
Louis on a telegraphic warrant from this
city, was brought back yesterday by De
tective Tom Ellis.
Wykes : was , the confidential clerk, of
Whitney & Co., wholesale produca dealers,
arid Vis accused of 'having helped himself
ilo over $2000, belonging to his employers.
7": It is supposed he lost the money at the
racetrack. Wykes went to St. Louis,
where he was recognized and arrested.
To-lfforrow.
II 00 and $1 50 ties for 50c at Gibson s shirt
store, 1 1204 Market street. ?
Boat for special train will leave
Nm York
from foot of West Twsnty-ihird Street,
Erie Ferry, at eleven a. m.
The train returning 'xill leavi Tux'do
at three-thirty p. m., reaching
Nrx York at four-thirty p. m.
Tlease present this card at the Ferry
and to the conductor.
MEW YORK. Jun« 2.— The wedding
of Mi5S Mary Crocker to Burton
T. Harrison will take place in the
picturrscjue Church of St. Mary's,
Just on the outskirts of Tuxedo Park.
at 12:30 o'clock on Thursday. Guests
from this city will leave on a
ppocial train from the foot of "West
Twenty-third street at II o'clock, arriv
ing In ample ilmo to find places in the
little church, which will not seat com-
Special DiFpatch to The Call.
and -will carry bouquets of pink sweet
peas.
The bride's gown is of heavy Ivory
satin, made with great simplicity. Her
wedding veil, of exquisite Brussels point,
Is one of the most beautiful ever seen in
this country and Is of such shape that
The Invitation to the W:dding.
li/TlSS ROSE HOLLAND, "the szueet pea girl" of the Dur-
J_ rJL rant murder trial, is a victim of Hie gold fever. Yesterday
when the steamer San Jose pulled out for the Nome gold
fields "the szveet pea girl" rvas among the most excited passengers on
her deck. That she is a woman of im pulses has long since been dem
onstrated, but whether or not a nature zvith this as its strongest
characteristics zvill win in the battle for gold remains to be seen.
She says she has confidence in her luck, however, and none who
heard her questioned her belief that Dame Fortune would favor
her in her pursuit for riches.
Miss Holland is prone to thrust fame upon herself. A jew
years ago, when all San Francisco zvas horrified at the discovery
of the dead bodies of Blanche Lamont and Minnie Williams in
Emanucl Baptist Church and- appalled when it learned that Dur
rant was the murderer, she became widely if not enviably known.
When mothers drew"' their children around them and younger women
shrank at the very mention of the name of the fiend of the belfry,
Miss Holland went forth to comfort the criminal. Each day found
her in court with a handful of fragrant violets, her token of confi
dence for Durrani, the murderer. So much mystery attached to her
friendship for him that it zvas rumored that it zvas none other than
she zvho zvas bearing the great expense of his trial. This, she
firmly denied throughout, hozvevcr, and zvhether her interest in the
murderer zvas simply caprice or othcrzvisc zvill probably never be
known.
After Durrani's execution she once again- merged into obscur
ity, but now the eyes of the zvorld — at least this portion thereof —
are again upon her and zvill zvatch with interest her fight for fortune
in the land of the midnight sun.
"SWEET PEA GIRL"
IS SEEKING RICHES
GRAND PARLOR OF NATIVE
DAUGHTERS TO MEET SOON
-
Pages 23 to 32
Pages 23 to 32
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 3, 1900.
CROCKER-HARRISON
WEDDING INVITATIONS
Mr. and Mrs. Charles 'B. ftlexander
request the pleasure of
'5
company at breakfast
en Thursday, June the seventh,
at cne o'clock,
Tuxrdo Tark.
7?. s. r. p.BIG DAY FOR THE 7 REIFFS.
Americans Almost Make a Clean
Sweep at Kempton Park.
LONDON,. June 2.'— : At Kernpton Park
to-day the Relffs (American jockeys) car
ried off the honors of the day. The Coro
nation cup was won by Jolly. Tar with J.
Relff up; the St. Margaret's selling: plate
was won by the Rivoll gelding with L.
Relff in the saddle; the Westminster plate
was captured by Blacksmith with J.Reiff
as the rider, and the Sundury welter
handicap was _ won . by Crarie. Duke of
Egmont; ridden by RIgby,* another Ameri
can jockey, was ; second. >.. ¦ •¦
Steer Mills Close.
CHICAGO,- June" 2.— Three departments
of the Illinois Steel Company's .mills" at
South r Chicago were closed -down : to-day
for an indefinite ; period, throwing over
3000 men out of employment. "
ALL KINDS OF BASEBALL.
Boston Wins an Exciting Game In
the Tenth Inning 1 .
BOSTON, June 2.— To-day's game was full of
all kinds of baseball— hard hits, errors and bril
liant catches. After obtaining what seemed to
be a commanding lead in the fourth St. Louie
¦was passed In the sixth. Donlin's homer tied
the score ! in : the seventh, but' Boston forged
ahead on Long's drive over the left field fence.
St. Louis scored five In the eighth. Boston tied
again in the ninth and won in the tenth, Ten
ney being hit by a pitched ball and scoring on
two outs, and a single. "Dlneen was taken out In
the fourth 'and Lewis In the eighth. ¦ McGraw
was put off the grounds in the third for kick
ing. Attendance 7000. Score:
Clubs— It. H. E.
Boston 17 23 8
St. Louis 16 14 5
Batteries— Dlneen, Lewis, Pettlnger, Willis,
Clark and Sullivan; Powell, Jones, Hughey and
Robinson. Umpire— Emslte.
.PHILADELPHIA, June 2.— Philadelphia eas
ily defeated Pittsburg to-day In a .¦ flve-innlng
game, the contest being curtailed by a thunder
storm. The visitors ' could .not . connect with
Fraser'e pitching when , hits meant runs. • At
tendance S000.. Score: - , ;?
Clubs— . - R. H. r . E.
Pittsburg 2 5 1
Philadelphia ...............r............. 8 8 o
Batteries— Leever and O'Connor; , Fraser ajud
Douglas. Umpire — O'Day.
BROOKLYN. June 2.— The last half of the
flfth'inning was being played to-day, with Chi
cago players on second and thlrdland one out,
when l a' terrific rainstorm ¦ put ' a • stop ' to the
game.; Brooklyn bad a lead of 1 to 0. but as the
visitors had I not completed : their j fifth ( inning
Umpire Hurst declared it no contest. The at
tendance was 4000.
NEW YORK, June 2.— The Cincinnati-New
York baseball ' game was postponed on account
of . ¦.. u. 4 - '¦'¦:-¦: -
American League Games.
MILWAUKEE, June 2.— Milwaukee 3, Cleve
land 6. : •-¦¦ ¦--¦.- .•..¦ = ; - ;>- - :•/ •..• ¦.•¦!- :--;».:¦. ::•¦
• CHICAGO. June 2.— Buffalo 1, Chicago 2.
-KANSAS CITY, June 2.— Kansas City 4, In
dlanapoll8-8. : . \ /'¦.'. ¦ . •"
r MINNEAPOLIS, June 2.— Detroit 6, Minneap
olis Z:- ¦>¦.¦¦ ¦ ¦- •--. ¦- •• ;•-•¦ ¦
michigaih 31
Chicago! ...3O>2
Californ Ba :2Q
Wlsconsltn CZt
Notre Dame IT
North w« »stern 6
l<.nojc Ccdlege.. 4-S'
Minnesota 3
Nebraskei 2
Sp<-<-iaI Dispat tJi to The Call,
CHICAGO. June 2.— The people who
\\<ti* lucky onrngh to go to the in
tercollegiate jra:nes to-day witnessed
the closest cos ttest ever known in
rollope athletics. It was anybody's
victory p ven to -the last race, which
decio>d the day. Tljria was the 220-yard
hurdl<». and California had Woolsey in it.
McCIaln of Michigan e*nd Woolpvey of Cali
fornia ran together Until tlxe last hurdle.
when Wfkolsey. in Ifis zenl to win. took
too long a stride and, lop t his stop. Before
h* rould recover it two riim had pa.«<v<l
him and he cajne in a eltwe third. If he
had even made second place California
would have wont the meet.
California led in points nil through the
meet. It would have been an easy thing
for us'Jf Hoffmrtn had been able to corn
pet* 1 , as the higb jump was won at five
feet nine inches end second place in the
pole vault at ton .feet three imhps. Hoff
man c uld have vron both apd tha? would
have made elgrht :oor« points for Califor
nia. Hoffman sh<rwed his grit and made
an attempt to jump, tratr-alas! his split
muscle gave way, and he had to be helped
en the field. ...
The California boys to-night are the
most disabled lot «of athletes I have ever
teen. It was our last me€t. and we went
into it not caring how long we would be
laid up after rt. "When we began there
¦uas but one California rooter In the grand
ftand, but as soon :is the spv^ctators saw
how plucklly the Pacific slope men ran
their races more of them cheered the
Westerners, and- before the games were
over the crowd fctad learned the Berkeley
college cry. and it could be heard from
all sections of the .field, even to the young
sters who sat on t!he fence.
Cadogan and Pfaw o* California were
the stars of the day. each man winning
ten points.
Results of the Sprints.
The\flrst event of the day was the high
hurdles. In which we were represented by
Hamlin. He qualified in his heat without
an effort, and in the semi-final he finished
Fix inches behind MoClain. But in the
final heat he could get only third-
Then came the hundred yards. Cado-
selves as gentlemen and true sportsmen.
Thus ends the record of the California
transcontinental track team of 1900.
Many Surprises During the Contests
on Ravenswood Field.-
FOUR RECORDS BROKEN.
CHICAGO. June 2.— The Western inter
collegiate athletic championship was won
by tb.e University of Michigan track and
field team at Ravenswood Field to-day,
after the most closely contested meet in ¦
the history of the association. There was
only a half point difference between the
total scores of Michigan and Chicago :
when the last event had been "decided,
with California but 1»£ points behind Chi
cago, and it took the last event— the 120
yard hurdle, in which athletes of those
three institutions fought for supremacy—
to decide the championship.
Teams from nineteen Western colleges
and universities competed in the sixteen
track and field events carded, and though
the cindersjiaths were anything but fast
and a cold north wind" put the thinly clad
university athletes at a disadvantage yet
four Western intercollegiate records were
broken, including one track and three
field events. Jn one of those big Plaw the
Californian. who recently in the East on
a Private trial broke the world's reco?rt
for the hammer throw, easily established
new Western records for the hammer
throw and shot put. Dvoorak of Michi
gan established a new record in the nol
vault, and Bredsteen, without "belnl
pressed, clipped five seconds off the mHo
walk record. In the other track "ve™ to i
however, the time was slow cnlR>
Ti T £ e m^, was ,not without surprises
Hahn of Wisconsin, who was cxpectedTo
win the mile run, was run off his feet on
the last lap by Baker of Northwestern
and finished a poor third. Moloney o"
£ hl^ 0 5 ef^ tod the crack
Michigan hurdler, in the 150-yard hurdles
after a hard struggle, and later, in -the
half mile, Moloney ran Teetzel of Michi
gan to a standstill and finally breasted
the tape a winner from Baker of Slichi
gan, with whom he sprinted for a hun
dred yards. The results were as follows-
100-yard dash-Cadogan, California, won-'
Xash, Knox, second: O'Shaughnessy NotrA
Dame, third. Time. : 10 2-5. S3 y- ,
220- yard dash— Cadogan, -California t™,,.'
Drum, California, second; Nash, Knox, third'
440-yard run— Moloney, Chlcaeo, won- PiMr
Not.™ Dame, second ; Teetzel, Michigan,' third!
880-yard run— Moloney, Chicago, won- Haw.
Michigan, second; Baker, Northwestern thirrt
Time, 2:02. ' lnlra -
Mile run— Baker, Northwestern, won- Hulhort
Chicago, second: Hahn, Wisconsin, third 1
Time, 4i23 2-5. * .
Mile walk— Bredsteen. Wisconsin, won- RJnJi
bergr. Chicago, second; Walsh, California,' third
120-yard hurdle— Moloney, Chicago, won- m.
Lean, Michigan, second; Hamlin, California
third. Time. :16 1-5. ' '- a " Ior nia,
220-yard hurdle— Mcl^ean. Michigan, won- Mn
loney, Chicago, second; Brockman Minnp«nin
third. Time. : 25 3-5. Minnesota,
Quarter-mile bicycle— Gaffney, Notre Dame
won; Brown, Chicago,- second; Sudheimer Min
neapolis.- third. Time, :33. :...•• , ' m "
Mile bicycle— Gaff ney, Notre Dame, won- Me
Dougall. Notre Dame, second;. Loss Knni
third. Time, 2:53. ¦:-.;¦,•. - ; ' .-• nox>
Hammer throw— Plaw, California, won 136
feet 3 inches: Mortimer, Chicago, second- Brew
Nebraska, third. v f" u ? " rew '
Putting 16-pound phot— Plaw, California, won
41 feet 8 inches; Wooisey. California, second'
41 feet V,<t inches; Cochems, Wisconsin third'
38 feet 9U Inches. ' ¦
Throwing discus— Granke. Wisconsin, won 110
feet Z inches: France. Michigan, second ' 107
feet 3 inches; Brew, Nebraska, third, 105 feet
) Inches. . . ¦ •• ¦
Runnnlng . broad Jump— Schule, Wisconsin
21 feet 4% inches; McLean. Michigan sec
ond; Broughton. Calfornla, third. .-¦¦-. -. - -
Runninn hiph Jump— Armstrong, Michigan
won, 6 feet 10^ Inches; Flourney, Michigan'
second; Tate, Minnesota, third.
Pole vault— Dvoorak, Michigan, Won, 11 feet 6
inches: Wheeler, Wisconsin. : second; Juneau
Wisconsin, third, 10 feet each. '
- ¦ {
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 2.— Ten thousand
people saw the racing at the Fair Grounda
to-day, i The main interest centered in the
Club'Members' handicap, which, next to
the 'Derby, is the largest classic event of
the local meeting. Four of the best horses
at I the track | met in the contest for j the
$2500 prize. The running of this event wit
nessed the peculiar spectacle of two rank
outsider's administering a good beating to
two first-class stake horses. Sam Phillips
was installed favorite at 3 to 5 and the
publiC'inade a tremendous plunge on him
at these odds. Pink Coat was made sec
ond choice and received a strong play,
but Pinochle and Found had few sup
porters. •
; Found set a fast pace from start to
finish and; was not headed until one hun
dred feet from the- wire, where Pinochle
got on even terms with her and in a
driving finish won by half a length. Pink
Coat ' finished third, four lengths back, a
nose before the. top-heavy favorite, Sam
Phillips. Results:
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Irish Jewel
won; Belle Simpson second. Duke of Melbourne
third. Time,: 1:49%. :
Mile and a half — Rushflelds won. Schoolgirl
eecond, 'Abusive third. Time, 2:39.
: Six furlongs and : a half— Easter Card won,
Morris^ .Volmer second, Iron Chancellor third.'
Time,' l:22>;. "• ¦ . -
I Mile and a quarter, club members* handicap
value $2500— Pinochle won,' Found second,- Pink
Coat' third. Time; 2:07%. »;
Six furlongs, • handicap— Algol won, Greenock
second. Judge Warden third; • Time, l:15\J. r -
Five j furlongs, -selling, two-year-olds— Small
Jack won. Hurry second, ' Frenchle third
Time, 1:03. ' : ¦-.•••. , ••.'.!. ¦ ' - ; "
MESMERIST ' DEFEATED.
Carlton Stakes at Qravesend Captured
J - ; by, Standing. '
NEW YORK; June £— Upsets wereTthe
ruleuD to the Ethelbert-Jean Bereaud
NEW YORK, June 2.— Ethelbert eas
ily defeated Jean Bereaud in the
special race at Gravesend to-day.
He was ridden by Danny Maher
and was favorite in the betting.
The time was 2:0S 1-5 for the mile
and a quarter. His performance was good
enough to beat that of any horse that was
ever saddled in this country. Maher had
waiting orders and laid alongside his rival
'until they were a half-mile from home,
when he drew out and opened a big gap
In a few strides and then came on as he
pleased, under double wraps; with his
head sideways, ten lengths in front.
The horses went up to the post amid
thunders of applause, for everybody rec
ognized that the best four-year-olds in
training were about to measure strides to
decide the championship, and when it was
all over there was no question or doubt.
Slowly they cantered to the post, arriving
there a minute later and getting away on
the instant. Waiting on Jean Bereaud
was no mean task, for the pace was hot.
The first quarter was covered in 23 4-3 sec
onds—not slow going when the weight is
considered. Like a pair fastened head and
tail they raced to the five furlongs pole.
St was a great fight.' Neither had the
breadth of a hair of advantage over the
other, and in spite of the fact that the
furlong was run in 11 3-5 seconds they ap
peared to be going well within themselves.
When they, were straightened out in the
backstretch they were still running stride
for stride, neither appearing to have the
least advantage, and the half was passed
in 48 seconds.
Speed there had been in plenty, but more
was to come. The red and white pole was
at" hand, and in an instant, they had
passed it in 1:00 2-5— splendid time. In the
next furlong it became apparent that Jean
Bereaud had not the gad. as, inch by inch
at first and then foot by foot and then
stride hy stride, EthelbCFt began to get
away from his rival. The time to the
three-quarters was l:13Vz. and a3 far as
Jean Bereaud was concerned he had little
more interest in the race. Around the up
per turn to the stretch it was Ethelbert
first and the other nowhere, for in a few
bounds, with. Maher sitting still on his
back, he had opened a gap of a dozen
lengths, while Jean Bereaud was flounder
ing in distress, a badly beaten horse.
Maher did not look back, however, until
he had reached the end of the seven fur
longs, in 1:26 3-5, and when he did turn he
saw the pride of the Whitney string be
hind him and took a steadying pull on his
mount, passing the mile pole in 1:41 1-5;
with a couple of wraps in his hands and
lots left in his mount. Down the stretch
It was only a procession. Ethelbert's head
was pulled sideways and Maher was try
ing his best to pull him up. Pull as hard
as he might, however, he could not help
winning by ten lengths, amid the cheers
of the multitude.
LONGSHOT WINS
MEMBERS' HANDICAP
CINCIIS^ATI, June 2.— Paddy Tomlin
son made \o mistake when he brought his
pood filly Queen Dixon here from St.
Louis to run in the Clip?etta stakes at
Latonla to-day. Queen Dixon was far the
best-rrr-a field of eight two-year-old fillies
and won in a canter. The distance was
five furlongs, but on account of the
wretched condition of the tracS: the time
was very slow. Queen Dixon was sent
backVto St. Louis to-night.
The mile handicap furnished the most
exciting finish of the day. Salvarse and
Lord Zenl struggled the last quarter of
a mile under a terrific drive, Salvarse
finally winning out by a nose.
Latonia closed Its first week's racing to
day and Newport will open on Monday
for another six days* meeting. Results:
' Six furlongs, selling— Agitator won, W. G.
QUEEN EIXON'S VICTORY.
Mile and a quarter, special— Ethelbert, 12G
(Maher), 3 to 5, won by ten lengths; Jean
Bereaud, 126 (Turner), 6 to 5, second. Time,
2:^8 1-5.
Five furlongs, celling— Gold Heels -won. Handy
Man second, Fair Rosamond third. Time,
1:02 3-5. .""-\ : :.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Kriss Kringle
won, Lampglobe eecond, Post Haste third.
Time. 1:48.
HARLEM BEGATTA.
NEW YORK, June 2.— The annual races
of the Hrirlem Regatta 'Association were
held on the Speedway course to-day. The
summary follo\v3:
Senior slnele sculls— Won by John A. Rel
mohr. Harlem Rowing Club. Time, 6 minutes.
Edwin Hadley, Vesper B. C. Philadelphia, sec
ond. Time, 6:11.
Final heat. Junior single sculls— Won by W.
D. Hannln. X. Y. A. C. Time. 6:05. A. C.
McCloskey. Pennsylvania B. C. second. Time,
6:25^ Joseph Neal. Laureate B. C, finished
first, but was disqualified for foullngr.
Intermediate FinKla ecuIIs— Won by F. Bubry,
Bohemian P. C. Time, 6:12. M Naughton.
Nonpareil R- C. second. Time. 6:2S. F. Fues-
Bel. Active B. C. third. Time, 6:57.
Quarter-mile dash— Won by J. A. Reimohr,
Harlem R. C. Time not taken. Edwin Hedley,
Vesper B. C, Philadelphia. Second; William
Mnlcare. Dauntless B. C ; . third.
Senior double shell— W on by Edwin Henley
and J B. Juvnal. Ve=ppr B. C. Philadelphia.
Time ' 5*25. J. T. Nagle and J. A. Reimohr,
Harlem R C. second. Time. 5:2S*i. J. R.
Crawford and William Mchrhoft, Nassau B. C,
Junior four-oared gigs— "Won by Harlem R.
C Time 5:36*1. Nassau B. C. second. Time.
5 ; 40y>. Union B. C, third. Time, 5:43.
race at Gravesend to-day, not a favorite
landing the money. Mesmerist was a hot
favorite for the Carlton stakes, but he
was never better than third. Standing
winning: all the way and setting a new
record for the track by ! two-flf ths of a
second. Results:
About six furlongs— Blue Devil won. Peep o"
Day second, Heliobas third. Time, 1:10 4-6.
Five furlongs, the Hudson— Prince Charles
won. Irritable second. Prince Pepper third.
Time, 1:01 3-5.
One mile, the Carlton stakes — Standing won,
Mcileekin second. Mesmerist third. Time,
1:40 3-5.
ETHELBERT, THE BELMONT STABLE'S GREAT FOUR-YEAR-OLD.
2:15 pace — Daisy Dean -won In thre« straight
heats, -time. 2:2f><, Z:21, !:!m. BUI Nye.
Celeste R aruTShecam also started.
Pacing— Melse won first, third and fourth
heats and race. Time, 2:!<H4. 2:15^4. t:19>4.
Roberts won second heat. . Time, 2:17\. E. S.
also ¦ started.
Half-mile to road wagon— Kitty Aberdeen
won In three straight heats. Time. 1:19. 1:13.
1:17. Billy. Brother. Peter. Palo Alto, Henry
H also started.
Running, four furlongs— Tiny P won, La
Fontera second. R. Q. Ban third. Time, :51.
One mile— Terrene won. Cousin l*tty second,
Mlckle third. Time. V4TH-
Five furlongs— Pilot won. Interview second,
Faywood third. Time, 1KS5.
Colorado Springs Results.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., June Z—
Results:
MISS BENNETT BEATEN.
CHICAGO. June 2.— Weather cloudy and
track heavy at Hawthorn© to-day. Re
sults:
Five furlongs— Fancy "Wood won. Miss Ben
nett second. Battas third 1 . Time, 1:04%. J
Six furlongs, selling— Goal Runner won. Pay
the Fiddler second, Maggie Davis third. Time,
1:18%.
St<*eplecha3», handicap, _ short course^ — Globe
II won. Viking second. Cheney third. ' Time,
3:1S%. ¦ • ' *
The Speculation stakes, on* mile— Alse<Js
¦won. Sam Fullen second, Larkspur third.
Time. l:<5^i.
MM* and a sixteenth, handicap — His Excel
lency won. Eva Rice second. Jolly Roger third.
Time, l:32',i.
One- mile, rellimr— Lomond won, Satan sec
ond. Barney F third. Time. 1:47H-
Ontario Jockey Club came to a close to
day. Most of the horses will be shipped
to Hamilton, where racing will commence
next week. Results:
Six furlongs— Mayme M SI won. Mat Lock and
P.ilvado ran a dead heat far second place.
Time. 1:13.
Five furlongs — Bill Masste won. Flatterer sec
ond. Denman Thompson third. Time, 1:05.
Mile and a quarter— Scotch won. Spring: Blos
som second, ilpratana II third. Time. 2:13.
Mile and an eighth — Captive won. Topmast
second. Bean Ideal third. Tlm». 2:00.
Steeplechase, two and a half miles — Charlie
O won. Passe Partout second. Mr. Dunlap
third. Time. 8:02.
Mile and an eighth — Annett Barn won, Ab
bottsford second, Arrezzo third. Time. 1:07.
Consolation, one mile — Waterwtck won. A
Winner second. Jack Carey third. Time. 1:43.
TORONTO, Ont., June 2.— The most suc
cessful race meeting ever riven by th©
ONTARIO'S CTLOSIJUa DAY.
Welch second. Cartle third. Tta». 1:22%.
Fire furlongs — Syncopated Sandy -won. Drog
heda second. Nitrate third. Time. 1:08%.
Handicap, one mil*— Saivarse won. Lord Zenl
second. Star of Bethlehem third. Time. 1:4S4.
The Cllpsetta stakes, for two-year-old flllles.
five furlongs — Queen Oixon won. Queen Carni
val second. Bonnie Ltssak third. Time. l:07Vi.
Six furlongs, selling— Bently B won. Miss
Kingston second, Lady Kent third. Time,
Six furlongs, selling— Acushla won. Margaret
Haseman second. Wilson third. Time. 1:10.
gan won his heats in a walk and he had
nothing to bother him in the final.
In the 220 yards, both Cadogan and
Drum had an easy thing of it in their
heats and both were, of course, pitted
against one another in the final. Cadogan
! won the race easily, while Drum got a
| poor start, and we did not think our
: worthy captain was going to get a place;
I but at the 50-yard mark he made a won
derful ppurt and passed every one save
his running mate.
Drum was our only entry in the quarter
mile. After they had run about 20 yards
a man in front of him fell and, with our
luck, our captain fell over him, but he
gathered himself and started after the
Lunch. Before they had run 150 yards he
closed up a gap of at least 20 yards, but.
Feeing that he could not win. he stopped
to save himself for the 220 yards. He un
] doubtedly would have won had he not met
this accident. He was spiked in a couple
of places on his legs and sharp clndors
ground into his legs, arms and shoulder.
In the half mile. Service was running a
fine race, when one of the contestants
jostled him. and.the inspector, who is a
good example of the kind of officials they
have hero in the Middle West, disqualified
him for fouling the other man.
The mile was a fast one and our men
did not stand a, chance, but both. Service
and Aloser ran a sritty race.
Mile Walk Was a Run.
The mile walk was more like a mile run
for the first two laps than a l heel-and-toe
event. If the race had been held in Cali
fornia every one of the contestants would
havo been ruled out in the first lap, in
cluding the California man. As it was
two men were disqualified and Walsh fin
ished third. ~~
The bicycle races did not Interest us,
as we did not have any entry. They only
interestt-d us in that Notre Dame Col
lege won them and therefore took points
from our rival university, Chicago, which
was counting on first place in both race?.
Broughton got only third in the broad
jump. He got his take oft all right, but
fild not have enough speed to jump out.
His trial jump wap 20 feet 11 inches,, which
qualified him for the finals, but he could
jump only 21 feet in the finals.
When the shot put came we rolled up
eight points. Both Plaw and Wooisey
cloarlv outclassed their rivals and both
broke the Western intercollegiate record.
Wooisey was ahead until the last put,
when our old stand-by, Plaw. boosted the
lead pnhere out to 41 feet 11 inches and
won.
Th<» hammer throw was an easy thin?
for Plaw. who did not exert himself very
much and threw it 15G feet. Although the
spectators cheered him they were rather
disappointed because he did not put the
Western intercollegiate mark above that
of the Eastern intercollegiate. The husky
Californian was tired from his other event
and did not try very hard. Plaw thought
he would try throwing the discus and
made a throw of 100 feet, but did not get
a place. -With little practice he could
teach the Easterners a little about this
event.
Beater but Not Disgraced.
The N'aval Reserve of this city klndly
Invited the California team to attend its
dance to-night, but the boys were so used
up that not one was able to go. The
reserve has invited' them to a sail on the
lake to-morrow..
On Monday the team will start for the
Golden State. We will return a disabled
and disheartened lot of boys. We have
been defeated, but not disgraced we hope,
because we havo done our best and that
Is all that could be expected of us. We
have gone Into every meet with determin
ation to win when almost certain defeat
faced us. Our alma mater has been our
one thought throughout the trip and al
though defeated, tried to conduct our-
By A. M. Valsh.
All Kinds of Hits Were Made and the
'Playing Was So " Loose
It Almost f Fell ' X '.
i Apart.
Oakland 12, Sacramento 2.
The "champs" made a beautiful dish of
every kind of lobster known to Rourmets
or. baseban ' men r when "they faced the
Dudes yesterday aCternoon at Recreation
Park.. Mr. Doyle's curves were uncurled
for a homer.by Hcntchinson and so many
doubles and singles. that there was" hardly
ppace on the. 1 card for their Inscription.
As for the errors a. corps of bookkeepers
were : necessary for their tabulation.
The score shows 'how Sacramento went
to pieces and played such unmentionable
ball. It was like the weather-cold and
bad to have near you.
The firewoiks show was called at the
outset of tha game. Sacramento had
come and- go^e when the Dudes were
given their first chance with the stick,
and' before' they, took -the field four hits
and as many runs were registered. It was
nothing: but a' deal of hits on the part of
the Dudes' and 'errors by the "champs."
Pchmeer was safe on Hanlon's error, go
ins to second on Hammond's single and
scoring on Hutchinson's double. • Ham
mond tried to step on the rubbor on this
play, but died at hom(>-=i) TTmpire Graves
said. A single by Moskiman scored
Hutchinson, but Moskiman perished go
inp.to thn middle station. An error by
Eaeran.put Fraroks Into the running and
a fumblPi by Doveraux did as much for
Dunleavy, both' men scorinp on a double
by Xanse. who was caiiRht attempting- to
make 'three ba-'es out of a two-batfger.
•In the ; fifth Brxyle was pimply slaugh
tered for a homer and. a couple of doubles,
Hutchinson and Moskiman crossing the
plate.'
The first'run for the "champs" came in
the sixth. 'Bi^rran walked to first, stole
pocond and jogged homo on Hughos' rton
ble.Hughes advancing a station on Stan
ley's hit to left and scoring on Stanley's
out in an attempt to steal second. With
two men undmr the sod in this inninp-.on
account of a. series of bad blunders and a
hit.. Hamilton and Hutchinson scored. '
Thf seventh brought tfiree. more runs
for Oakland. Dunleavy. Lango and Dren
nan scoring-, and the eighth another. The
score: -~-
SACRAMENTO.
' AB. R. BH. PH. PO. A. E.
McLausrhlln. 1. f.... 5 0 1 030 1
Devereaux. 3b 5 0' 1 0 1 13
Eairan. ss 2 1 1 1 3 2 2.
Huphes. r. f« 4 12 12 2 1
Hanlon. lb 4 0 1 0 7 1 2
Stanley, c- 4 0 10 2 3 2
Doyle, p 4 0 0 0 1 4 0
Phanahan, c. f 4 0 2 0 1 0 0
Stultz, 2b 4 0 0 0 4 11
Totals 36 2 9 "2 24 14 12
OAKLAND.
' *7v AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
f-chmeer, ss.- 5 1 1 0 2 4 1
Hammond, c 5 12 0 6 2 1
Hutchinson. lb 4 3 2 0 7 11
Jlosklman. 1. t 5 2 4 0 1 0 0
Francks. 2b. ¦- 6 1 12 6 3 0
Dunleavr, r. f. B 2^,3 1 2 2 0
Lange, 3b. 5 12 12 2 0
Drennan, c. f 4 10 0 2 0 1
Steffani, p 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
SUMMARY.
Totals - 42 12 15 4 27 IS 4
RUNS AND -HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 02 0 0 0—2
¦ Base hits.......:..... 2 0 0 03 2 0 11—9
Oakland 4^0 0 0 2 2 3 1 ¦•—12
Base hits 4 2 10 3 1,1 3 •— 15
Runs responsible for— Doyle 5, Steffanl 2.
Home run— Hutchlnson. Three-base hit—Mos
klman. Two-base hits— Hutchinson, Lange,
Mosklman. -¦ Punteavy 2. Hushes, Shanahan.
First base on errors — Sacramento 4. Oakland 9.
First base on called balls — Sacramento 2. Left
on bas«=— Sacramento ?. Oakland 9. Struck out
—By Doyle 1, by Steftanl 4. Passed balls— r
Stanley 1. Time of same— Two hours. Umpire
—Graves. Official .scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
Uncle Henry's Men Win.
STOCKTON, June 2.— "Uncle Hank's"
pretzel brigade took a fall out of the lo
cals to-day by a score of 8 to 5, and sev
eral of the members feel that they have
improved their chance3 of remaining with
the German band for some time to come.
.Score: . '
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Rrockhoff. c. f. ...... 5 1001 0 0
Hiiaebrand. r. f 3 1 0 0 3 0 0
Schwartz. 2b 5 2 1 0 2 21
Sullivan, c; * 1 2 0 3 1 «
Pabst, lb 4 1 1 0 9 0 0
L«vy.'l- f 3 1 0 0 2 0 0
Krus. 3b 4 1 .3 0 4 0 1
Reillv. e. s.. 4 0 0 0 3 2 1
Fitzpatrick. p 4 0 0 0 0 4 0
Totals • SS 8 7 0 27 9 3
STOCKTON.
AB. U. BTI. SB. PO. A. E.
Babbitt. 2b... 4 1 0 0- 15 0
Lockhead. s. s 4 2 2 0 1 3 2
p ace c 40 2 1 6 3 0
Strei'b. lb 5 0 1 0 15 0 2
McCarthy. 1. t 4 0 10 2 0 0
Morrow, r. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Courtney, c. t 3 0 0 0 1 1 0
Moore, 3b -' 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Whalen, p 0 0 -0 0 0 0 0
Harper, p 4 2 2 0 0 4 1
Totals ....36 5 7 1 . 27 18 5
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco.. 5 0 0O 0 12 0 0—8
Base hits .4 0 0 10 110 0—7
Stockton 1 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 2—5
Base hits. 0 10 0 3 0 0 1 2—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Whalen 4, Fitzpatrick
4. Three-base hit— Lockhead. Two-base hits-
McCarthy Pace. Krug. | Sacrifice hits— Babbitt, ¦
Hildebrand. First base on errors— Stockton 2,
San Francisco 5. First base on called balls— Oft
Whalen 2. oft Fitzpatrick 3. 1 Left on bases-
Stockton 8, Fan Francisco 3. Innings pitched—
Whalen 1. Harper 8. Struck out— Harper 6,
Fitzpatrick 3. : Wild pitch— Fitzpatrick. Time
of game— 2 hours. Umpire— J. Donahue. Scorer
—A. H. Harlln. f/
Sacramento Went to Pieces
Before the 'Erratic
Oaklanders.
DOYLE WAS BAD
AND CHAMPIONS
ERROR STRICKEN
Beaten But Two Points for First and a Half Point
for Second Place ip the Western
Intercollegiate Games.
CALIFORNIA'S CRIPPLED TEAM
MAKES A GALLANT SHOWING
Wir>s UQder Double Wraps, With His Head Turned
SidcWays, the Performance Stamplos Him
One of the Best Racers in TraiQing.
ETHELBERT EASILY TAKES THE
MEASURE OF JEAN BEREAUD
THE .SAN JTKAJVCisCO CALL, SUKDAYy JUNE 3, 1900.
24
I Disorders of flen 1
I _A<— — *. STRICTLY RELIABLE. §
« mm jJIi. »
I il^U' TALCOTTl
8 y/f VAVw /1/i >v \/ARICOCEI*K CTTItED IN OJTB «
S yf I y £?/13 /K ' -reek at office or four weeks' home ft
Q 9 / OvSJ^?<jyV//\ '^V^ treatment T.-ithout operation. «
o 1/ E^^J^S^^If \ j\ >• Blood Talnta, Contracted Disorders and 8
Q Jl^y «^5M*'y/ II \^r every form of "W"eaknes3'* a specialty, g
Q I \4 I II C\" make a specialty of cases which tt
X^-^" \^* \ XSr J II N V\ have become chronic and complicated rt
iT \\ \ II 7? from reglect or improper treatment. . i-t
I \i / / // N0T a bfl * I
I J / . an Inflammation. jg
S By" far the most freauent caus* of *o-«J'ed "weakness" of meals ''£;%**¦**• 8
8 flammatlon of the Prostate Gland. This gland "» the very center^ o( : the ."productive sya- «
8 tem. It can readily be_ understood that infiairmaUon ef any own will cause disordered W
g. function of that ersariT A remedy that would cure a real weakness would make an «
8 inllammation.worse. • Hence the necessity for correct diagnosis. Many men who have W
S unsuccessfully treated for weakness will now know the cause of failure. Our practice «
g is devoted to this condition, together with contracted ailments. . g
K The only BDecialists in San Francisco with a thoroughly equipped hospital, trained r£
Q nurses, etc., tn connection, .for the accommodation of out-of-town patients and others S$
i? ; wishing to remain during: treatment. ¦ ' «
CO " Fees reasonable and may be paid In installments as patient sees his Improvement. ¦ £j
w Private laboratory. No charge for remedies. g
g FuU information cheerfully mailed In plain envelope. g
» Office hours— 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.. Sundays Included.
§ 997 MARKET STREET, Entire Upper Floor, Cor. 6th Street. |
I $100.00 Reward I
& { }
» will be gladly paid to anyone who will furnish convicting evi- ,S W
g dence ag-ainst imitators and substitutors who try to sell you 8i
worthless preparations when CASCARETS are called for'. \\
& . Don't ever take substitutes, but insist on having- W
i candy cathartic ' I
• MARK REGISTE f*EEUgg^^ I
$ The greabmerit of CASCARETS makes bi^ sales everywhere. %
$ Therefore, now and then, dealers try to substitute " something- . <l>
just as good." It's a lie ! Don't let them do it, and if they try, \ I
§ write us confidentially at once. Address' STERLING Remedy <p
$ Company, Chicagro or New York. All Druggists, 10c, 25c, 50c. v»
I Beware of Imitations! ITHE Supervisors' Finance Committee completed Us revision of the new tax
levy budget late yesterday afternoon and submitted the result of Its labors
to Mayor Phelan. The Mayor will cast his eye over the figures and note the
changes In the allowances made to the various departments, and the levy
will be submitted. to the board to-morrow Afternoon for final adoption.
Pursuant to the declaration of Assessor Dodge that the Auditor's estimate of
$400,000,000 as the total assessed valuation of the city was too high by $25,000,000,
the committee has reduced the allowances by $250,000, being the taxes on that
amount. To do this reductions have been made in various items. The extra clerks
originally allowed the Assessor. Recorder and Treasurer, besides several other ex
tra employes have be,en eliminated entirely, effecting a reduction of $19,620. The Board -
of Public Works' allowance was reduced by $190,020. Including $10,000 for Trocadero
Gulch and $50,000 for paving streets In the north central district The com
mittee, however, made a reallowance of $30,794 for the latter purpose.
. The committee also decided to recommend an additional tax of about 2 cents -
to pay protested taxes paid by banks and other corporations on bonds,~ amount- •
ing to $66,784 2L
The changes made by the committee on May 31 and June2 are given In detail
in the following tabulated statement:
REVISED TAX BUDGET
GOES TO SUPERVISORS
Said It Felt Like Going Home After
a Vacation in the
City.
Robert Bradley, alias Buckley, pleaded
guilty yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court on the second count In the
Indictment charging him with having In
his possession molds* and other tools for
the manufacture of counterfeit money.
William Cronin received a sentence of
ten s years' imprisonment in the Folsom
penitentiary for having committed burg
lary in the Benicia and Colusa postofflces.
He had already boarded for ten years in
the same Institution,- and it was at, his
own request that *he was sent to Folsom
rather than to San Quentln. He said it
made him ¦ feel like going home after a
BURGLAR CRONIN GETS
TEN YEARS IN FOLSOM
Academic Championship in Doubles
Is Won by McGavin and Al
Bosenberg.
The open singles tournament begun on
the California Tennis Club courts Decora
tion day was concluded yesterday after
noon, when George Whitney wrested the
finals from his brother, Robert N. Whit
ney. \
The wind-up was a three-set match; all
of themV going to George Whitney with
apparent ease. The first set was won 6-0,
the second 6-2 and the third by the same
score as the first. The winner will have
the selection of prizes.
In the morning on the same courts the
Academic championship in doubles was
fought out between Drummond McGavin
and Al Rosenberg and Wight of Metcalfe,
the former, representatives of. the Lowell
High School, winning In three straight
sets. 7-5. 6-4. 11-9.
GEORGE WHITNEY WINS
1 THE OPEN TOURNAMENT
A special matinee performance of "When
We Were Twenty-one" by the Nat Good
win company will be given at the Colum
bia Theater Wednesday afternoon. The
last performance of "When We Were
Twenty-one" will be given next Saturday
night. Seats for tho special matinee will
be ready at the box office at the Colum
bia to-morrow morning. As the demand
for all the performances during the week
Is very heavy, the special performance on
Wednesday will no cioubt attract an audi
ence testing the capacity of the house.
There will be no extension of the engage
ment after the coming week, as KeUar.
the magician, i3 announced to open at the
Columbia beginning with Monday, June 11.
Special Matinee at the Columbia.
GOLFERS COMPETE ON
SAN RAFAEL LINKS
The weather was much pleasanter at
San Rafael yesterday than In the city,
for a bright sun was shining on the links
while the semi-final rounds for the coun
cil's cups for men and women were being
played. The course is beginning to be
come somewhat dry, but Is still in fair
condition. In the semi-final round of the
Council's cup for men J. J. Crooks teat
Carter P. Pomeroy three up. two to play,
and E. J. McCutchen defeated George
Heazelton. The final round between J. J.
Crooks and E. J. McCutchen will take
place on some day convenient to both
contestants before the 9th Inst.
In the seml-nnal round of the council's
cup for women there were three contest
ants—Mrs. Frank S. Johnson. Mrs. J. J.
Crooks and Miss Alice Colden Hoffman.
The last named drew the bye and Mrs.
Frank S. Johnson beat Mrs. J. J. Crooks.
In the final round Miss Alice C. Hoffman
beat Mrs. Frank S. Johnson nine up. eight
to play, and won the honor of having her
name Inscribed upon the trophy. Mrs.
Frank S. Johnson took second prize and
Mrs. J. J. Crooks won the consolation
award.
A pleasant entertainment and social was
given in St. Mary's College Hall, on the
Mission road, last evening, for the benefit
of St. John's booth building fund. Rev.
Father Brady was present and lent his as
sistance to make the affair a success. The
programme of exercises embraced musical
numbers by Miss Sadie McHugh. T. P.
Nowland. J. C. O'Donnell. St. John's Or
chestra. Miss K. E. Supple. Shelly Bros,
and Miss Julia White: dances by Miss
Rose McDonald. Miss Sara McCall and lit
tle Miss Cummings; recitations by Miss
Lizzie Skehen: cake walk by Rene and J.
St. John's Booth Benefited.
SCOTTISH RITE TO BUILD
i A GRAND NEW CATHEDRAL
At a meeting of Terba Buena Lodge of
Perfection, Ancient and Accepted Scottish
Rite Masons, it was announced that the
several branches Included In the Scottish
Rite in San Francisco favored the propo
sition that had been under discussion for
some time of building a Scottish Rite Ca
thedral in' this city. The lodge gave Its
assent and it was decided that the follow
ing named take the necessary steps to in
corporate: Frank Allen, James A. Wil
son LJpman Sachs, Charles H. Crocker
and Thaddeus Kent, together with Frank
Koenig, master of the consistory, and F.
C. Van Schalck, master of the lodge of
perfection. After the incorporation stock
will be issued, and when a sufficient sum
shall be in evidence plans will be Invited,
and as soon as one shall be accepted the
work of erecting a structure that will be
a credit to the order and the city will be
commenced.
OAKLAND, June 2.— Mrs. A. Boyd, who
resides at 312 Tenth street, dropped dead
to-day at the home of J. Pantoskey, 373
Sixth street, where she had been engaged
as a nurse for a scarlet fever patient. She
NURSE DROPS DEAD
IN A PATIENT'S ROOM
SEAMEN CELEBRATED
INSTITUTE ANNIVERSARY
Opening prayer, by the chaplain: song,
"My Heart at Thy Sweet Voice." Mrs.
Tennings: mandolin solo, Mr. Adelstein;
Irish folk sone, Mrs. Klein; violin solo
CSpohn). Mr. Wisner; report. Bishop of
California: softg, "My Dreams" (Tosti),
Mrs. Tennings; "Drinking Song" ("Lucre
zla Borgia"), Mrs. Birmingham; lute solo,
Mr. Adelstein; song. Miss Simpson; song,
"The Rosary" (Nevin), Mrs. Birmingham;
violin solo, Mr. Wisncr; part spng, Bohe
mian Club Quartet.
The Seamen's Institute gave a pleasant
entertainment last night at its rooms at
33 Steuart street, the occasion being the
seventh anniversary of the opening of
the organization. A large number of peo
ple v.ere in attendance and applauded lib
erally the different numbers on the pro
gramme. Right Rev. William F. Nichols.
Bishop of the Episcopal diocese of Califor
nia, presided and reviewed briefly the his
tory of the institute and its branches in
Port Costa and Portland.
The following programme was rendered
under the direction of Wallace Sabin:
FLYING FOX AND
WHITEHEAD ARE
THE FAVORITES
Bettors Pick Them to Win
at Union Coursing Park
To-Day. ,
False Odds on Many Courses in the
First Eun-Down Give the
Talent a Severe
Jarring.
J. Byrnes' Battleship beat J. Carroll' b Hope,
C-0; V. A. McCamb's Little Sister beat D.
Winder's Lundin Links, 11-6; Harridan &
Wieg-and's Overture beat J. L. Ross" Just Tip,
6-2; Pasha KenneJs' Ruda Awakening beat H.
A. Deckelraan's Snapshot, 18-13; T. J. Cronin's
Wild Trale*. a bye. J. Watkin's Gladiator
withdrawn; F. Schou's Smuggler beat W. C.
Glasson's Santonin, 2-0; J. Martinet's Bernal
Boy beat T. J. Cronin'e Thornhill, 8-6; Curtis
& Son's Flying Fox beat Pasha Kennels' May
Herr.pstead. 3-2: Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured
beat J. Carroll's Bluestoce. 7-1; T. Lopan's
I>ah beat G. W. HeUttz's Oxjuet, 6-3; J. Mort
arlty's Kittleman.beat Curtis & Son'* Commo
dore. 3-2; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael beat J.
CDowd's Shootover. 4-3; F. A. McComb's
Royal Flush beat J. Keenan's Mira Monte, 12-6;
Connell Brothers' Mamie Pleasant beat W.
Creamer's Onward, 5-1; Sullivan 6c Trainer's
Ca»tl« Island Boy beat J. Martenet's Slim.
6-1; O. Abercombie's Rock Island Kin? beat T.
Logan's Miss Grizzle, 5-2; R. E. de B. Lopez's
-Minnie Wa Wa beat J. R. Smith's Jennie Wil
son. 13-7: W. C. Glasson'g Sleigh Hells beat
Aeneid Kennels' Asraniernnon, P-6; E. M. Kel
lcpg"e Kid McCoy beat J. Anthony's Patriot,
g-5; Ctrtls & Son's Vulcan beat J. Carroll's
Auckland. 3-1; F. A. MeCorob'8 Sir Pasha bc-at
J. Carroll's Red Hind, 5-0; J. M. Halton's Tic
Tac beat W. Creamer's Jesse Moore. 2-0; Pasha
Kennels' Round About beat J. Brynes' Olym
pus. 3-1: C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud beat G.
Uuehn's Monogram, 14-1: R. E. de B. Lopez'e
Crawford Priory beat Curtis & Son's Old Glory.
4-2; Pasha Kennels' Reckless Archer beat J. L.
Roes' J. L. R-. 11-E; M. Waish's Handicap beat
P. O'Dowd's Cascade. 8-4; E. M. KellOKgrs
Ben's Ba.be beat B. Sliver's Re-Annex. 16-3;
D. K. Carter's High Jinks beat Sullivan &
Tratnor's Maid of the Hill. 4—0: Maher &
Reid's Uncle Fuller beat Captain Clarkson's
Golden Garter, 9 — 4; J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat
Curtis & Son's Shadow, 12 — 2: J. J. Kenney's
Hot Haste beat J. Martenet's Bill Foster. 10—0;
O. Sharman's Bowery Boy beat G. W. Heintz's
•Herschal's Prid». 7—1; J. McNeil's Blackhawk
beat G. Abercrombie's Victor King. 6—0; R. E.
de B. Lopez's Wanda beat H. A. Deckelman's
Ben Klrby, 5 — 0; N. P. Whiting's St. Anthony
beat Pasha Kennels' Metallic, 3^-2; Pasha Ken
nels' Rural Artist beat J. Holden's Scottish
Chief, 7—1; F. Schou's King's Borderer beat
J. J. Kenney's Winning Lassie, 13—6; R. E.
de B. Lopez's Diablo" beat Russell, Allen* &
Wilson's Lady Emma. 3—1: Pasha Kennels'
Gold Xugget a bye. Kid Kobl withdrawn: P.
J Reilly's Plouphboy beat R. E. de B. Lopez's
Crawford Rex. 8—7; R. E. de B. Lopez's White
head beat F. A. McComb's One Spot. 4—0;
Curtis & Son's Anchor beat J. Byrnes' Eleven
Spot. 11—7; Curtis & Son's Blackette beat J.
P. Thrift's The Jester. 6;— 4; H. A. Deckelman's
Rocker beat F. C. Mack's Delia M. 4—0; Rus
sell. Allen & Wilson's Julius Caesar beat J.
R. Smith's Magic. 4—0; Sterl &. Knowles*
O'Hara beat O. W. Heir.tz's Rustic Beauty,
5—1; Ertrin & Lycn's Silver Winjrs beat E.
M. Kellers*" Iowa Boy. 3—0; R. Pringle's
Honor BrlRht a bye, J. Mortality's Snapper
Garrison withdrawn: G. Saarman's Wait a
Bit a bye. Hot Foot withdrawn; Sterl &
Knowles' For Glory beat Russell, Allen & Wll
son'a Paw Word. 5—0; P. J. Reilly's Grafter
beat Connell Bros.' Dunmore. 5— S. t
For some unexplained reason the shrewd
bettors at Union Coursing Park yesterday
were all at sea. They Installed a number
of greyhounds favorites at false prices
and did not appreciate their mistake until
the courses were run, and their tickets did
not match the color ot the signal dis
played by the flag steward. Rude Awak
ening, from the Pasha Kennels, started
the trouble bv winning from Snapshot at
2 to! Gold Kugget and Wild Traiee were
each entitled to a bye. They ran to
gether. Gold Nupget winning at 2 to 1.
Bernal Boy beat ThornfvHl at 6 to 1, Leah
beat Coquet 5 to 2, Sleigh Bells beat
Agamemnon 3 to 1, Tic Tac beat Jesse
Moore 4 to L Crawford Priory, one of the
most promising puppies in the State, beat
Old Glory at 3 to 1, Reckless Archer beat
J L R 2 to 1, Handicap beat Cascade 5 to
3, Ben's Babe beat Re-Annex 5 to L Bow
ery P^y beat Kerschel's" Pride at 5 to 1
after an ur.decided course. Before this
Herschel's Pride was a 10 to 1 favorite.
St. Anthony beat Metallic at 5 to 2, King's
Borderer beat Winning Lassie 5 to 3,
Julius Caesar beat Magic 2 to 1 and Silver
Wings beat Iowa* Boy at the same odds.
For to-day the talent has picked White
head and Flying Fox as most likely to
find their way into the deciding course.
They are at the extremes of the card and
Ehould meet near the close of the day's
sport. Royal Flush is next in demand,
although he has not yet attained' his best
form. Hot Haste meets Brutus this morn
ing and will be severely tried, as Brutus
seems fit to run in any company. For
Glory is on edge, and imported Rural Ar
tist is also showing some of his speed.
Xext to Flying Fox the Curtis Kennels
depend on Vulcan, although Anchor is
also showing speed. The detailed results
of the coursing with Judge John Grace's
official scores, follow:
CHINESE ENDS LIFE
IN A NOVEL MANNER
Tried to Whip a Policeman.
Mrs. Annie Bergin. who lives on Har-
L« Chow, a Chinese confined within the
quarantined district, became. tired of life
and chose a novel means of escaping from
this vale of tears. He broke the. bulb of
a thermometer and swallowed the mer
cury In a ehort time hl» troubles wera
over "and the Board of Health now has his
body for autopsy purposes.
Chow resided in Washington alley and
was discovered early last evening writh
• n ~ i n paJn. Several physiciann were sum
moned. but nothing could be done
Dr Pillsbury reported the suicide to the
Morrue but the officials there in charge
derided that they had no claim on the re
mains TheV notified the Board of Health
!S tura and an autopsy will be held by
that body. "gaM
Federation of Women's Clubs.
CENTER, June 2— The Colorado dele
pa.tlon to the biennial convention of the
General Federation of Women's Clubs left
Denver this evening via the Burlington
and Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul
railwavf! for Milwaukee. The delegation
was headed by Mr?. James J. Baker, pres
tdest of the Colorado State Federation,
and numbered about forty.
Famous Medical Expert Is Driven to
ClifC House Through Park.
Departs To-Day.
Dr. George F. Shrady of New York, the
eminent medical expert who for the past
week has been investigating the plague
situation here at the instance of the^ New
York Herald and The Call, was the guest
of Mayor Phelan at a dinner at the Pa
cific Union Club yesterday. In addition
to Dr. Shrady the members of the Board
of Health and several Supervisors were
present. The table was prettily decorated
with flowers, and fruits in profusion were
tastefully arranged. After a very elaborate
menu had been served the Mayor's guest
of honor addressed those present In an en
tertaining manner.
In the afternoon Dr. Shrady took a drive
through Golden Gate Park to the Cliff
House, and upon returning to town ex
pressed himself as charmed with the
beauties of the city's great pleasure
ground. ' _ .
Last evening the doctor discussed the
situation further with members of the
Board of Health, and later had a confer
ence with Governor Gage at the Palace
Hotel. He leaves for New York this morn
ing. '-.-?"- *?
DR. SHRADY DINED
BY MAY V OR PHELAN
The appeal to the public for funds to re
lieve the sufferers from famine in India
called cut about two score of people to the
mass-meeting at the Native Sons' Hall last
night. C. A. Murdock presided. Addresses
were made by Rev. Mr. Bevier. Rabbi
Voorsanger and Rev. C. H. Brown of Oak
land, ail of the speakers urging immediate
action and a stirring up of the public
through the newspapers. It was suggest
ed by Dr. Brown that all of the local dally
papers open subscription lists. The follow
ing committee was named to secure sub
scriptions in co-operation with the com
mittees appointed, by the Chamber of
Commerce and the Ministerial Union:
Miss Partington. Adjutant Bertha Hill of
the Salvation Army, Miss Lydia Bell, L.
M. Juhl and Richard H. Gray.
A petition to Congress to appropriate
JoO.OOO.OOO toward the aid of the famine
stricken residents of India was read by
the chairman but not indorsed. Chairman
Murdock stated that a bill of the same
kind had already been introduced In Con
gress. The subscription list was opened
at once and nearly $100 was collected. Al
most the first donation was the sum of 1".
cents in a little purse from a very small
boy. whose name is Raymond Hayes.
Other subscriptions were as follows: Rev.
P. G. Coombs, $10; Rev. J. P. Mclntyre.
$10: Camp Taylor. $5 50: Templars' Or-
Ehans* Home, $3 16: Walter M. Brunt, $5:
>r. Lucia M. Lane, $5; M. G. McComas,
$4; Alfred Jones. $5; L. M. Juhl. $W; C. rf.
Perkins, $10: C. A. MurdocR. $10; R. H.
Gray. $10; F. Hargraves, $2 SO; W. W.
Clark, 50 cents. .
FUNDS FOR INDIAN
FAMINE SUFFERERS
NEW BUSINESS HOUSE
OPENS WIDE ITS DOORS
John Breunsr Leaves Sacramento to
Enter a Broader Field of
Activity.
The John Breuner Company, successors
to N. P. Cole & Co.. opened the doors of
the big ftve-sory establishment at 117-121
Geary street for the first time yesterday.
The president of the new concern is John
Breuner, who, although but 32 years of
age, has been for ten years the success
ful manager of the concern at Sixth and
K streets, Sacramento, said to be the
largest and most complete general house
furnishing establishment on 1 the Pacific
Coast. Foreseeing shrewdly the great in
crease coming In the commercial activity
of San Francisco, Mr. Breuner decided to
come to this city. Determined to get upon
the city's principal business thoroughfare
— Market street— he arranged at once to
lease an eight-story building to be erected
for the accommodation of the John Breu
ner Company, between Fifth and Sixth
streets. To this site the company will re
move as soon as the new building can be
completed, which will be about April 1,
1901.
John Breuner's father founded the house
in Sacramento, in which John and his
brother Louis have been partners. The
business has occupied from the base
ment up a three-story building 125x150
feet in ground dimensions. In this city,
when the new premises are entered, eight
stories will fully be occupied.
Mr. Breuner is personally popular. He
is a member of the Sutter Club of Sacra
mento and is also connected prominently
with several organizations.
expired In the sick room, and the crle3
of the child who was 111 aroused the
other members of the household. She had
several adult children. Death is supposed
to have been due to heart disease.
Mascherini, and a hoop drill, directed by
Miss Mollle Skehen and accompanied by
Miss Annie Kehoe.
Rules and Regulations for the Event
Adopted at Meeting Last
Evening.
The Native Sons of the Golden "West
are taking a great deal of interest in the
Native Sons' baseball f tournament. At a
meeting of those interested In the move
ment held last night In Native Sons' Hall
there were present George G. Fraser of
Pacific Parlor, chairman of the general
committee; Hugh Mclsaacs, secretary;
Peter'F. Mertes of Rincon Parlor. F. A.
Smell of El Dorado Parlor. H. F. Lilkendy
of National Parlor, D. J. Wren of Precita
Parlor. F. A. Colton of Marshal Parlor,
J. J. Harrington of Golden Gate Parlor,
J. S. Bernhelm of Santa Cruz Parlor, W.
A. Dean of Athens Parlor^ D. W. Doody
of Piedmont Parlor. E. R, Lamb and
George Blethen of Brooklyn Parlor. E.
Hayden of Mount Tamalpais Parlor, J. H.
Nelson of San Francisco Parlor, Harry F.
McGurren of Army and Navy- Parlor,
Phil Werner of Presidio Parlor, A. J. Tur
ner of Alcatraz Parlor, W. P. Humphreys
and A. S. Groth of Mission Parlor.
George G. Fraser, Hugh Mclsaacs, L. A.
Colton, W. A. Dean and A. S. Groth, the
committee on rules and regulations, pre
sented a report which was adopted. This
provides that only teams supported by
Native Sons of the Golden West will bo
allowed to enter in the tournament and
the parlors shall determine who shall
make up their respective teams; that the
management of the tournament shall con
sist of an executive committee of seven.
to be selected by the managers of the
various teams entered and that no entries
will be received later than June 16. 1900,
the name of the team and the manager to
be sent to Hugh J. Mclsaacs at 652 Mar
ket street, rooms 67-68. There will be a
trophy for the winning team.
It is expected that the first game will
be played at the Sixteenth and Folsom
street grounds shortly after the middle
of the current month, the games to con
tinue until the close of the Admission day
Jubilee week in September.
NATIVE SONS' BASEBALL
TOURNAMENT ARRANGED
An Aggregation of Stars.
poleon" In "A Milk "White Flag"; Bessie
Tannehill. the eccentric comedienne;
Philip H. Ryley, comedian and grotesqu»
dancer; Tony Hart, Ethel Kirwan, Adlyn
Estee, Marlon Gunning, the "Eight Mas
cots." English dancing girls In the famous
"pony ballet," from the New York Casino
success, "The Man in the Moon." and
Wiseman's Serenaders, said to be the best
male quartet before the public. The chorus
Is large and well trained and the girls are
pretty and shapely.
The piece chosen for the opening to
night is Hoyt's satire on the drug business
and pugilism. "A Rag Baby." Hoyt'a
comedy that made Frank Daniels famous.
. "A Tin Soldier," "A Milk White Flag."
"A Hole In the Ground" and others of the
Hoyt successes will follow in rapid suc
cession.
A THEATRICAL. event of j more
than usual importance to San
Francisco is the coming of Dunne
& Ryley's Comedy Company to
the California Theater. Messrs. Dunne
& Ryley modestly announce it as an "all
star aggregation," and the list of names
of prominent farceurs secured for ten
weeks bears 'them out. Among tho fun
makers are J. Sherrie Mathews and
Harry Bulger, who starred here for three
seasons with "Gay Coney Island" and "By
the Sad Sea Waves"; Mary Marble,, one
of the best soubrettes in America and the
original "daughter of the regiment" in
"A Milk Whit© Flag"; Walter Jones, the
favorite comedian of many New York suc
cesses, among them his funny tramp in
"1492," the part he originated; Maude
Courtney, the girl who sings the "old
songs"; John W. Dunne, the original "Na-
HUMBOLDT BOYS WON
THE STANFORD TROPHY
Lads of the Evening High School
Prove Themselves Superior
in Debate.
The Humboldt Evening High School was
last evening declared the worthy posses
sor of the silver trophy offered by Stan
ford as a prize for the winner of the
high school series -of debates.
The last debate of the series was held
last evening in the auditorium of the
Girls' High School between the represen
tatives of the San Rafael High School
and the Humboldt Evening High School
of this city. In the previous debates the
San Rafael School won from the Oakland.
Berkeley and Stockton high schools re
spectively. The Humboldt School cama
off victor in the encohntera with the
Polytechnic and Mission high schools,
the Mission School having previously won
from the Lowell High School.
The question in debate last evening
was: "Resolved, That the present jury
system of the United States should be
supplanted by a system cf five judges."
San Rafael had the affirmative and the
local boys the negative. Both sides of
fered able arguments in support of their
contention. The awarding of the cup was
left to the Judges, J. A. Cooper, Professor
U_T. HengEtler and S. P. Hall. Mr.
Cooper rendered the decision of the
judges and presented the trophy to the
victors to the cheering accompaniment
of the large audience present. The con
testants were as follows:
Affirmative (San Rafael High School-
Alfred C. Blumenthal, '00; Irving Magnes,
'01; Henry Boyen, '02.
Negative (Humboldt Evening High
School)— Joseph Cresse, '02; Charles David,
'02: Albert Brown, '02.
William A. Beatty ably presided at the
meeting, and preliminary to the - award
George J. Wallace rendered a vocal solo.
The following committees had the affair
in charge:
Reception — Clara Crumpton, Percy
Pryor, George Taylor, Fred Crisp, Zelma
Walker, Edna Stedman, Dorothea D.
Frazier, Beatrice V. Killilea. Wallace M.
Hussey, H. F. McMahon, Levi Shipley,
Noah E. Gyle. " *
Arrangements— George Day, George
Dunand, Grace Moorehead. W. K. Gallo
way, Herbert Arthur. Buell C. Nelson.
riet street, was convicted by Judge Fritz
yesterday on the charge of disturbing the
geace and will be sentenced to-morrow.
Friday afternoon a dog bit her boy and
she became greatly excited and was rais
ing a disturbance when Policeman Cal
'aghan advised her to go home. She called
the officer bad names\ and when he at
tempted to arrest her she showed fight,
ahe fought him all the way to the patrol
box and kept it up till the wagon arrived.
OAKLAND. June 2.— Trowbridge H.
Ward, Clerk of the Supreme Court
of California for the term which
ended January 1, last year, died
suddenly to-day from heart disease at
Laytonvllle. Mendocino County. News of
Mr. Ward's death reached his family In
Oakland through a brief telegram sent to
his son. William Ward, by Frank Free
man of this city, a member of the sur
veying party of which Mr. Ward was in
charge.
The Information came as a startling
shock to the family, as Mr. Ward had left
home on the trip two weeks ago In appar
ently the best of health. He had intended
Police Officer John Phelan of the
Southern station had his left leg ampu
tated at the ankle shortly before 1 o'clock
this morning 1 in a collision between extra
accommodation car 901 of the Market
street system and a car of the Sutter
street road at the corner of Ellis and Lar
kin streets. The accident occurred with
startling suddenness, and but for the fact
that the unfortunate policeman was tho
only passenger riding on the dummy, oth
ers'fnight have been injured or killed.
The accommodation car was coming in
from the Cliff House with a large crowd
of guests and members of the "Bolo"
Club. The car was in charge of Motor
man William Leland and Conductor
Sterns. When it reached the corner of
Ellis and Larkin streets it was moving at
a good speed. Leland saw the Larkin
fitreet car crossing his path and endeav
ored to bring his car to a standstill. He
might have succeeded but for the fact
that the rails were slippery. The heavy
car did not respond readily to the brakes,
and the impetus it had gained carried
it with some force against the dummy of
the cable car. Phelan, who. on seeing his
danger, attempted to seek a place of
safety, was caught between the cars and
his foot badly crushed. "***
Very little damage was done to either
car. The dummy was thrown partly »ff
the track and the sent Phelan had occu
pied was partly wrecked.
The officer was hurried to the Receiv
ing Hospital and his injuries ascertained.
Dr. Burnette found that the left foot had
been mashed below the ankle and that It
would be necessary to amputate the limb
below the knee to save the policeman's
life. He said Phelan was In- a critical con
dition, but did not apprehend any fatal
result from the use of the knife.
Officer Phelan had reported oft duty a
half hour previouslv and was on his way
to his home at 730 .Ellis street, which was
but a short distance from the scene of
the collision. He is unmarried. He has
been a member of the police force for
years and up to two months ago his beat
was on the north side of Market street,
between Fourth and New Montgomery.
He is well known and has many friends.
The Sutter-street car was in charge of
Gripman Cteden and Conductor Giles. Ac
cording to their statements they had the
right of way. and had anticipated no
danger of collision. At an early hour thia
morning Motorman Leland and Conductor
Sterns surrendered at the Southern police
station and were placed on the "detinue"
book pending the result of Phelan's in
juries.
Slippery Bails Responsible for the
Catastrophe — No Other Passen
gers Hurt and Cars
Not Damaged.
Policeman John Phelan In
jured in Accident at Ellis
and Larkin Streets. '
Some good coursing was had In the run
down of the open stake at Ingleside
Coursing Park yesterday. The courses
were generally cf the short order, though
relief dogs were turned loose in two
events.
Xlae shcrtends got the flag. some at
good odds. Lady Claire was beaten by
October Woodcock at 4 to 1 in a long,
hard run. Lady was not up to her usual
forxa and her opponent gave her a trying
race all over the tield and ¦won with a
pcore of 15 to S after a course of 2 minutes
20 seconds, in which the services of a
relief dog were necessary.
PalmHower ran a bye with Master Claire
end beat him hancily. Captain Byrnes
being withdrawn from th« stake. Etrorn
l>oli, at 1 to SVs. beat Petronlus after an
undecided in a short course. It was a fair
•win, Strombolt ehowing the speed in both
runs. Charlie, a recent Kansas importa
tion, beat Rose of Tralee at odds of 6 to 1
on a fluke. Rose showed all kinds of
epeed over the youngster, but the con
tinued favor of the hare won the course
for him. Th© winner, though lacking
epeed, ehowed himself clever and willing.
Mllldale was another good thing. In a
short ppurt he took the turn and kill from
Prlnea Hal and landed a winner at odds
Of 5 to 1.
To-day's card la a hard one to pick
from. >almllo-wer, Hawker and Master
Lawrence are in good positions to jret
¦well down In the eoake. Pleasant Girl
also has a chancft. In addition to the
linals of the open staket there will be an
elght-dog champion event run off to-day.
The contestants are: Theron vs. Chicago
Boy. Morse vs. Master Claire. Mayflower
vs. Golden Rule, and Lowlander vs. Sis
cnoc Th« days results, with Judge P. J.
Jteilly's official scores:
Open stakft— R. E. de B. tope* tt Boa'* Cai*-
XTiendt* beat S. Hacsea'a L. 6. Conley, fr— 1;
A. J. Keis^s Mov« Out beat W. H. Shear's
Ch&uneey. fr— 0; J. Edmonds' M.omlr.« Glory beat
R. P. Jul'.en'e Sweet Music. 5—0; OShea Bros.'
Mercy May beat D. Hood's Dernpsey Lass, 4—2:
A- V&ndenburgh's Nauebty Girl b«at J. F.
Cole'B MirabUla, 4— !; Russell, Allen & Wilson'!
Palmflower ran a "bye: M. Michlliki's Terrona
beat J. Dean's Belle of Anderson. 6—3; Captain
Cane' 8 Mies Penman beat P. Dingle's Cash In.
S— 2; Cotmell Bros.' Good Bye beat D. Toland'e
Twilight Jr. 0; A. Massey's Hadlwlst beat
J W. Wood** Cliff Wilson, 4—0; T. Tiemeye
Tea Rose beat Laafle & Gexber'B Mount Ida,
«— 0- M. J. Welch's Lafly Norborne beat J. J.
Edmonds' Whisky Hill. 7— 6; F. Herring* » Et.
Klmo beat P. M. Clarkson"» Flower of Gold.
2— <•• J McEnroe's October Woo3cock beat J.
Pean's ijaAy ClaJre, 15 — 5: Bartels Bros.' Best
Bargain beat R. L.. Taylor's Bald Head, 10— 4;
I^owe & Tbcispscn's Over the Border beat Ccn
r.e'.l Eros.' Clover, 5—0; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan
b*at J Duffy's FlaxhiSK Lass &— 0; Connell
Bros.' Et. Helen beat Farley Bros." Morse's
Patrol, 10 — 5- Kuweit, Allen & Wilson's Belle
I'la're beat Lowe & ThomDscn's Scotch Reel.
14— «• H. Lynch' e Lexington beat S. Handy' s
Lafiy Hugo. 3—1; A. L. Austin" s Firm Foe beat
Russell Allen & Wilson's Roeie Claire, ft-4; J.
McEnroe's Strcrr.boll beat J. R. Smith's Petro
nius. 3—1: E. Baumelster's Warrior beat D
Di'.lon's Prince Georse. 6—1: J. I. O'Brien's
Htate«r.an beat John Field's Sea Wave. 12—1;
M. rur-lea'e Erin beat M. J. Welch's Mellwood,
S— I; J. McEnroe's Admiral Samriscn beat D.
Fhannoa's Strand of Gold. 6—0; D. Toland's
r*>asact Girl beat J. I. O'Brien's Wandering
Tom. 4 — 3: J. I>ean's Grenada beat S. A. Mor
pan's Annie Shone. S — 0: J. Rock's Minerva beat
T. J. Crcnin'E Arab, E — 5; Bartels Bros.' Beer
Brewer beat Eterl & Knowlee' Rutty Gold.
B—l: C. Bor.ar"e Frosty Morn beat J. Edmonds'
Go On. IS — 7; P. H organ's Lucretia Borgia beat
McCarthy & Mailer's Erentwod Belle. 7—3; H.
Ivj-nch's Emma M beat F. Passon's Merry
Maiden C — I; Cor.r.ell Bros.* Log Boy beat P. J.
Noite's Fire Queen. 4—0; J. Sutton's Glen Anne
t»>at P J Xolte's Alabama Cocn. C— 0; J. Peg
persoa'e Gold Hill beat R. McCabe's Rlflelte.
IS— 4; Thcmaa Reed's Charlie t-eat T. J. Cro
nin's Rose cf Tralee. S — 6; Russell. Allen &
Wilscn'e Dairy Claire beat T>. Cronin's Swln
n+ttfflff. 7—1; Pterl & Knowles' Olets. beat Wil
liam Calmes' Imperial, 4 — 3; G. Abercrombie's
Miss Richmond beat R. E. de B. !>>pez & Son's
Fara C— 5; Kay Eros.' Hawker beat Bartels
Bros.' Betsy Barrow. V— 2; M. J. Welch's Mill
tfale beat Lowe & Th<-mr>ecm's Prince Hal. 3—0;
W. H. Shear's Alarue beat H. W. Mailer's
Moonstone. 12 — 4; J. Sutton's Master Lawrence
t>#>at J. Flower's Keystone. 14—2.
An Eight-Dog Champion Erent Will
Be Sun To-Day in Addition
to the Open-Stake
Finals.
Several Sbort Ends Win for
Their Backers at
Ingleside.
MILLDALE GETS
A QUICK RACE
AT GOOD ODDS
,, L0S ANGELES, June 2.-Ward's sister.
Mrs. Chapman, and her daughter will
leave for Oakland on the owl train to
morrow night, the funeral being held
Monday. Ward was regarded as a busi
ness man of keen insight into human na
ture and had tho faculty of attracting
friends.
After his retirement from office Mr.
Ward resumed surveying, and was en
gaged on United States Government work,
at the head of a party of twenty men,
when he died. He was prominent in Ma
sonic circles, being a member of the Los
Angeles lodge of Masons and of the
Knights Templar. His home was at 557
Twenty-seventh street, thi* city, where he
had resided four years. Besides his wife
there are six surviving children. Fannie'
William. Louise, Florence. Genevleve and
Trowbridge Ward. William is assistant
superintendent of the FetaJuma Athletic
Club. .
In 1SS4 Mr. Ward want to Los Angeles.
He was Deputy County Clerk there, then
secretary of the Los Angeles Board of
Trade and Chamber of Commerce. In 1S30
he was elected County Clerk of Los An
geles County, and in 1S94 was chosen Clerk
of the Supreme Court, holding that posi
tion four years, and being succeeded by
George W. Root, incumbent.
Mr. Ward was one of the most promi
nent Republicans In Calirornla, having
been actively Identified with the party for
many years. He was born In Wisconsin
in ISoO, and came with his parents to Cali
fornia in 1S55, settling in Plumas County.
sMr. Ward's father was In 1S60 Territorial
Judjre of Roop County. Nevada. After the
boundary question' was settled Judge
Ward resigned his position and remained
In California. Trowbridse studied law
with his father, and in 1S69 was appointed
Assistant United States Assessor for the
Fourth District of California, holding that
position until 1S71, when he became As
sistant Register of the United States Land
Ofllce at Susanvllle. He studied survey
ing and later was a Deputy United States
Surveyor. In 1SS0 he located and surveyed
the lands and superintended the construc
tion of flumes for the Sierra Flume and
Lumber Company, in Butte, Plumas and
Lassen counties.
TROWBRIDGE H. WARD
CLAIMED BY DEATH
to remain away about two months. Only
the meager announcement of death from
heart disease ¦was received.
LOSES LEG IN
COLLISION OF
STREET CARS
THE SAJS 1 JbliAJNCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 3, 1900.
LAUGHTER-PRODUCERS WILL
SHINE AT THE CALIFORNIA
25
LATE TROWBRIDGE H. WARD.
May i'S.
Approprl-
tlon.
May SI.
Approprl-
tlon. I
Increase.
Decrease.
Supervisors' office .....'
Panhandle Commissioners
Stenographer*. Superior Court :
I<aw and motion calendar
Recoveries of bodies
Board of Publlft Works...
$42,000
4.000
10,000
$42,300
4,000
12.000
2,400
500
132,020
$300
4.000
2.000
2.400
1.000
140,220
600
8,200
Totals .^^^ J^ J^ :^^ l;I^^^_ :^^ ;^ iI^ :^^^
$192,220
$13S.?20
$8,700
$$.700
May II
Approprl-
tlon.
June 2.
Appropri-
,, tion.
Increase.
Decrease.
Board of Public Works ..
Cleaning sewers ......
Repairing streets
Streets, water front.... '.
Improvement city property
Repairs public buildings .:;;:.::..
Examination public utilities.. ........:..:.'...-.
Department electricity... ....TV.;;;.
North Central District .._
Amount to be reduced
Extra clerics. Assessor.
Coroner's matron — .:
Recorder's- extra clerks..... ...........
Treasurer's extra clerks.
Police Court stenographer
Sheriff, extra guards :.;
Civil service, typewriter, etc.
tlM.020
eo. ooo
60,000
10.000
15,000
E7.2SO
20.000
70,154
E0.000
60. 000
5,000
5.000
47.2M
10,000
50.000
36.734
250,000
2G.794
250,000
$192,020
10.0i>1
10.000
5,000
10.000
10,000
10.000
20.154
4,500
720
4, M0
3.000
2.400
2.400
'2,100
Totals
|504,04J
$504,044
J2S6.794
1236.791
May i'S.
Approprl-
tlon.
May SI.
Approprl-
tlon. I
Increase.
Decrease.
Supervisors' office .....'
Panhandle Commissioners
Stenographer*. Superior Court :
I<aw and motion calendar
Recoveries of bodies
Board of Publlft Works...
$42,000
4.000
10,000
$42,300
4,000
12.000
2,400
500
132,020
$300
4.000
2.000
2.400
1.000
140,220
600
8,200
Totals .^^^ J^ J^ :^^ l;I^^^_ :^^ ;^ iI^ :^^^
$192,220
$13S.?20
$8,700
$$.700
May II
Approprl-
tlon.
June 2.
Appropri-
,, tion.
Increase.
Decrease.
Board of Public Works ..
Cleaning sewers ......
Repairing streets
Streets, water front.... '.
Improvement city property
Repairs public buildings .:;;:.::..
Examination public utilities.. ........:..:.'...-.
Department electricity... ....TV.;;;.
North Central District .._
Amount to be reduced
Extra clerics. Assessor.
Coroner's matron — .:
Recorder's- extra clerks..... ...........
Treasurer's extra clerks.
Police Court stenographer
Sheriff, extra guards :.;
Civil service, typewriter, etc.
tlM.020
eo. ooo
60,000
10.000
15,000
E7.2SO
20.000
70,154
E0.000
60. 000
5,000
5.000
47.2M
10,000
50.000
36.734
250,000
2G.794
250,000
$192,020
10.0i>1
10.000
5,000
10.000
10,000
10.000
20.154
4,500
720
4, M0
3.000
2.400
2.400
'2,100
Totals
|504,04J
$504,044
J2S6.794
1236.791
? Special Saving prices.?
? Groceries and Liquors.?
Breakfast Tea j}
i l£S5fc««. pound 25ci
\ Regular 40c. 1
jLeCourt's Mushrooms *
6 Ust^UyoOccan C 3 - 11 2OC^
Eastern Ham. ...pound I3ci
f: -par ecml— eweet and tender. i
Eogular H^c. 7
Fine Dairy Salt
For table -o lf» corir t rr
use or 3° 1D * SaCK I5C
rookhig. Pure white.
Usually 30c to 3*.c s*clo
Boneless Sardines
"Rare el brand." - /vine orr
Fresh. Same as -3 Cans 25C
P M&rch&nd'a. Regular 25o can.
tfNew California Cheese $
a Mnd— fell cream. , -non rifle; n cc6
V Regular 2 for 25c 3 pounds 25CJJ
i Wheat Manna tar breakfast f
* Highest rriw> 2 .' P K S' D^\
6 raush made on the Pacific coast. 0
\ Generally sold loc straight. 1
JCold Spring Cream \
9 Bterauzed i arge size can 5c V
f Evaporated. Can be used earn© w
A as freeh cream— and far cheaper. A
V Regularly 10c f
rGuckenheimer Pure Rye f
t Whiskey bottle 75cf
A High*** award at the World's 6
\ Columbian Expositen. Reg. JL25.
'Brady's Malt Whiskey
f Tho original brand. Iv^ffi^ Arr
X For ES«xlic nal use, DOttie O5C
f Regular XL 00.
pEclipse Champagne •££*
t §££ quart bot 75c
i g52?23??t!*pmt bot 50c
Whiskey p J~ f < '
{ SES&KSLd. gallon * 3 . 5 o<'
9 Most li<jTior d>&lerg cell this f
\ brand from $5 to $8 g&Ilon. \
JSt. Julian Claret
f Oood table wiae. o-ollrtn ir\r>
A Mild. Vintage 1897. gallon 3OC
f Regular DOc
r 715 Market St. 6. F. Shattack At, Berkeley
i :¦ th & W««biiiatoa,Oak Castnl Awe, AUmed*
" iOtfT Broadway, " 7tb <fc Wood, Oak.
* aUt Street, Ban Jose.
j ||||te;. If you doctor each m^al |
I v *i^$& at once, using a -few ||
Johnson's Digestive Tablets IThe local camps of the Woodmen of the
World have arranged for a grand excur
sion to and picnic at Mirabel Park on
Sunday next. The affair will be under the
direction of a committee composed of del
egates from each camp, who will attend to
the games, dancing and other details that
may require attention. The excursionists
will start at 9 in the morning and will
leave the park for the city at 5 in the
afternoon.
Woodmen to Picnic.
Arrivals at Hotel Vendome include:
From San Francisco — Mrs. Frances L.
Walker. Paul M. Nlpnert and wife. Wil
liam B. Foreman, Charles K. Hadley,
George E. Tucker, W. H. King. J. L.
Alfred Sutro and ; Miss Sutro of San
Francisco have apartments at the Ven
dome.
E. C. Morrison of San Francisco Is a
guest at the Vendome.
THE GEYSERS— The arrivals at Gey
ser Springs during the past week were:
J F. Rockhald and wife. Miss Fanny
Rockhald, P. W. Rockhald. Riverside;
John B. Fitch. Miss Anita T. Fitch. A. L.
Price Hoaldsburg: Mrs. Dickson. Miss Es
trp Miss Lewis, N. L. Wlswell. Preston:
A E. Chandler, Z. N. Vaughn. Berkeley;
Oran W. Davis and wife. Woodburn.
Iowa- Dr. Burgess. Mlddletown; S. H.
Si ule Los Anpt-les; G. t B. Baer. Clover
dale; 'D. A. Pollock. Mrs. Henry A. Shaw,
Miss Margaret Shaw. San Francisco; Dr.
Henry A. Shaw. United States army; R.
F. Crawford, Santa Rosa; E. K. Craw
ford, Rockford. 111.
GILROY SPRINGS— The following
guests registered at Gilroy during the past
week: L. A. Stern, Albert F. Lucchettl.
Edward Mavwalt, Charles Lehmann,
Frink B. Nansickle. J. Levi. Miss L,
Kemrae, Mrs. W. H. Amos and maid. Miss
Mildred Preda. John Auger. S. M. Dennis.
F W Schroeder, D. S. Mitchell and wife,
H. c" Miller, C. Weller, W. K. West, J.
Rodden and wife, Mrs. Jordan. B. L.
White, B. M. Cullon. San Francisco; W.
E Perran. Miss L. Carto. San Jose; S. M.
Moore, wife and child, Mrs. O. T Moore.
Gilroy; Wj C. Bennett, James E. Kanncly.
Joseph Princevalle. George A. Wents. G.
Rae. George Dunlap. Piedmont; w>W.
Cantield and wife, Minnie L. Kemp, Wil
liam R. Flint, San Juan.
DUNCAN SPRINGS— The following
guests are registered at Duncan Springs
Mendocino County: From San Francisco
-Mr. and Mrs. C. Herrmann. F. A. Colley
and wife Miss Helen Marie Colley. James
BrowTi. Miss Elsie E. Boyd Miss Agnes E.
Boyd H. G. Tanner. Mrs. EL C. Sargent.
Ella S. Montgomery. Elizabeth S. Mont
gomery. William S Montgomery 8.
Sachs. Mrs. Lucy Wheeler. James M.
Kellev and M. Redmond. From Alameda—
Mrs. "H. Zadls and A. J. Zadig From
Need l cs _H. R. Humble, wife and child
From Gold Hill. Nev.-Zephanial James.
From Sen Rafael— Alex Shenits. From
£pKSa8ANT?v1e^V HOTEL-Registered
at the Pleasant View Hotel are: Miss C.
Eldred Sacramento; J. Werner. Oakland:
J Kimmel, Sacramento. J. Joost, San
Francisco: W. Overton, Sacramento; Mr.
HOTEL VENDOME — Rear Admiral and
Mrs. Beardsley. with Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam B. Prlngle. were registered at the
Vendome during the week, and after visit
ing their many friends in San Jose left
for Mare Island.
The last Eastern excursion of the sea
son was at the Vendome last Monday
and started for New York on the 1st of
June. This concludes the winter and
spring tourist business.
Dr. W. L. Thorne and Thomas Brown of
San Francisco are registered at the Ven
dome. ,
Mr. and Mrs. James H. Hogg and Miss
Hogg of San Francisco have secured
apartments at the Vendome for the sea
son.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Mau spent last
Sunday at the Vendome.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter, A. Dean of San
Francisco have apartments at the Ven
dome.
Mrs. F. A. Bushnell is spending the
week at the Vendome.
Mr. and Mrs. Francis Cutting of Oak
land are registered at the Vendome. and
expect to secure apartments soon for the
season.
Mr. and Mrs. I. A. Ackerman of San
Francisco have apartments at the Ven
dome for the summer.
Walter J. Wilson of Sari Francisco is a
guest of the Vendome.
W. A. Newcome of Del Monte was a
guest at the Vendome during the past
•week.
LAUREL DELL— Among the arrivals at
Laurel Dell during the past week were:
E. E. Perly. Edward P. Fish, Ellis Reeves,
Ed Harris. San Francisco; Dr. Theo Bur
nett. Stockhridge. Mass.: Dr. J. A. Mc-
Near Jr.. San Rafael; George B. Murphy,
IVtaluma: H. A. E.imes, Miss A. Chapard,
Miss J. Chapard. New York: Miss Belle
Rule W. M. Rule, Vallejo; Mr. and Mrs.
Frank How '^ikeport. A coaching party
consisting . Mr. anrf Mrs. John Hunt.
Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Mishell. Miss Nana
E. Mighell and Jack Mighell of San Fran
cisco drove over from Highland Springs
on Tuesday.
rogiaro. J. M. Raney, Miss Nussberger,
Miss Meyer, Miss Newman, Mr. and Mrs.
Thompson. M. and Mrs. H Hoernle Miss
True Mrs. J. P. Bradt, Mr. and Mrs. F.
Welti Mrs. B. Diramond, L. P. Temple.
Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Ycung. Mr. and Mrs.
R. P. Lamdin. T. Flaherty, K. McKenzie.
W. Smith. Dollie Hull, Bertha Mauser. J.
Readon, Miss Tiney, Miss Banchero. Miss
L. Stone, Mr. and Mrs. Joe Kronberg,
Miss Horn, M. Swartz. Napa; H. v. Fol
mer. Phil. W. Lagemann. iiarys
ville; Miss E. Siddy, St. Louis; M. S.
Mendelsohn, Los Angeles; W. H. Howard.
Seattle; Miss Carrie Lee. San Jose; T. L.
Robinson, Suisun; Miss M. Simpson. Sac
ramento: D. Springer. Mrs. C. H. Erring
ton F. B. McNear, Chicago. The follow
ing members of the Olympic Club visited
Napa Soda Springs on Wednesday last:
John A. Hammersmith, L. Cavlll, L.
Bronchet. F. W. Burgess. W- J. Leonard.
George Hammersmith. E. M. Stacks. M.
K. Kramer. L. J. Hammersmith,- W. H.
King, R. Leando, Falrbank brothers, H.
C. Singer, George James. J. H. Spies, R.
Moll. A. B. Gibson, II. Belan, D. C Van
Couet. F. B. Bayly.
Clark, Dr. Redmond Payne, G. D. Collins,
Miss E. Krieg, Beath P. Searight, FTank
A. Garbett, f. W. Berry, M. F. Michael.
J. A. Weston. Walter H. Linforth. Thomas
Brown^ Dr. W. S. Thorne, Jamea Hogs
and wife. Miss Hogg. W. J. Hogg. Mr.
and Mrs. A. B. Field. Charles Mau and
wife and child. Mr. and Mrs. "Walter L.
Deane. Mrs. F. H. Bushnell, Miss Isabel
Fraser. Dr. Palmer H. Dunbar. Mr. and
Mrs. I. A. Ackerman, Mr. and Mrs. S»
Schwatz Miss Florence Callavhan. E. C.
Seayev. H. Horstman, Dr. L. Brown. Cur
tis Hillyer. From Oakland— Mr. and Mrs.
w. B. Pringle, Mr. and Mrs. Francis Cut
ting. Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Woods. Newton
H. Berry. From Berkeley— Mrs. 9. E-
Hillyer, Miss Hillyer. Prom New Tork—
George H. Diehl and wife. Miss Minnie
Diehl, Miss Emma O. Diehl, H.W. Galnes
Rear Admiral and Mrs. Beardsley Miss
Bertha E. Hyatt. Charles M. Hvatt and
wife. Miss E. A. Maxwell. Miss Maxwell.
Mrs. P\ Williams. Miss Kathrine Fleck.
J. C. G. Hup/el and wife. Miss Hupfel.
Mrs. C. M. Vail. Miss Mabel Vail. Miss
M. E. Vail. Mr. and Mrs. William P.
Pierce. Miss Mabel Pierce. E. W. Pierce-
C. A. Canter and wife of St. Louis. Mo.;
D. G. Reid of Redding. From San Ma
teo— Sydney Ford. Miss Nora Brewer
Miss Amy E. Brewer. Bernard W. Ford.
They're Eoccqec
The fnciRpfflfnt is announced of Miss
Florence Holt, only daughter of Thomas
M. Holt, to Clement B. Thorp, with the
£m of SImkins & Thorp.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Lma Frii-cman to Arthur Cohnrairh.
They will receive fcunday. June 12, from
2 to 5 o'clock.
The engagement is announced of Mips
iiattie }st p Perry and Edward E. Beard.
The wedding of Miss Ida V. Lery ar.d
Samuel Leopold will take place Sunday.
Jur.e 10. at the family residence, 16*5 Post
street.
The engagement is announced of Mips
JUNE, tte month of brides and roses,
will witness several nuptials in
which the select circles are more
than interested.
The- wedding of Miss Mary Crocker, the
elder daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs.
Chnrk-s K. Crocker, and Francis Burton
Harrison, son of Mr. and Mrs. Burton
Hftrrison of New York, will take place at
Tuxrdo Park on next Thursday, June 7.
The ceremony will be performed at St.
Mary's Protestant Episcopal Church at
12:30 o'clock by the Uev. Dr. W. F. Brand
of Baltimore, the great-uncle of the brlde
gmom, who will lie assisted by the Rev.
Gcnrge Grtnvillc Merrill, the rector of the
church. The bride will be given into the
keeping of the groom by her great-uncle,
D. O. Mills. Miss Mary Srott will be tho
razUi of honor, and the bridesmaids will
ho Hiss Jennie Crocker, the bride's sister;
Miss Harriet Alexander, daughter of Mr.
arid Mrs. Charlos B. Alexander; Miss Jean
lieid. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Whitelaw
Reid; Miss Susan Alexander McCook,
niece of Mr. Alexander, and Miss Ca r oline
Taylor arsd Mi.=s Genr-vieve Carolan •. - this :
city. Frank Lyon Polk of New York will
be the best man, and Archibald C. Har- j
risor., the groom's brother. Gouverneur
Horns, Albert Fairfax and Guy Fairfax
Cary. the groom's three cousins; Freder
ich 'd'Hauu-vili<\ Allan Robbins and Wil- 1
liam Sloan of New York and Arthur Shep- j
ley of St. Louis will act as ushere. The j
church ceremony, to which few others j
than re'.itives and intimate friends will j
be liicden. is to be followed by a wedding
lireakfaFi at the home of the bride's aunt,
ilrs. CharJes B. Alexander.
The wedding <.f Miss Leila Voorhies.
caughter of Dr. and Mrs. A. H. Voorhies,
to Lieutenant Guy T. Scott, son of Senator
Nathan B. Scott of West Virginia, will i
take place on Tuesday. June 12. at the i
home of the brides parents, 21H Califor- j
nia street. Miss Elizabeth Huntlngton, !
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Hunting- j
ton, will be the maid of honor, and Lieu- j
tenant Henry M. Merriam. L". S. A., son i
of Brigadier Genora! Henry C. Merriam, j
V. S. A., will be the best mar-
Mr, and Mrs. Jam^s Moffltt have issued
cards for the marriage of their daughter,
Misa Alice Uoffitt. to Georpe Doubleday
cf New York Thursday. June 14, at noon,
at their residence. Twenty-second and
Webster streets, Oakland. Miss Mcffltt.
the bride's sister, will bo the maid of honor
and Charles Foster of Chicago will act as
best man.
The wedoins cf Miss Harriet Tay. J
daughter of the late George II. Tay and ¦
fistcr of Chark-s Fox Tay. to Pet^r
Fletcher of New York will take place at j
Grace Church on Wednesday evening, j
June 20. Tb* church ceremony will be fol- i
lowed by a reception at the residence . of '
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Fox Tay on Pine !
street.
Mrs. Grace Heuton Cady and Walter C. ;
Ehaw were quietly married at the home of i
the bride's moiher. W" Valle.io street, on j
May 28, leaving immediately for a south- j
ern trip. Mrs. Shaw Js a daughter of the
late LieuTfn.int Colonel Janies Heuton.
Twenty-third United Statep Infantry, and !
Mr. Shaw is assistant superintendent of
the Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Com
pany.
Miss Aimee Buckley was the recipient
of a pleasant sutprise party given under
the auspices of her friends at her resi
dence. 023 Turk street, Friday evening.
May 25. Those present were: The Misses
Addie Brickley. Evie Williams. May
Healy, Aimee Buckley. May Kelly, Jennie
Healy, Clare Trowbridge, Marie Ches
worth. Blanche Custer, Anna Cotter,
Agatha Cotter, Linda Badger. Nellie
A most enjoyable party was given to
Miss Imelda von Puttkamer recently on
the occasion of her birthday. Among the
guests were Air. and Mrs. J. L. Markel,
Mr. and Mrs. BroVnir.g. Mrs. L. A. von
Puttkamer, Misses Mae Markel, Tollie
Mtdgeley. Grace and Eva Macdonald,
Stella Parr. Emily Xevraumont, Edith
and Dollie Babkirk, Eleanor Denegri.
Alma Kently and Emma Keith; Messrs.
Louis G. Markel. Ralph Croagh, Albert
Babkirk. John Macdonald, Willie Kently
and Julius Creagh.
The 19th of May being the thirteenth
anniversary of her birth, a birthday party
was given to Miss Myrtle Brown at the
home of her parents, 43*5 Jessie street. The
evening was spent In singing, dancing,
recitations and gams«. At dinner, which
was served at 10 p. rn^. there were seated
at the table about fifty guests, among
whom were the following: Mr. and Mrs.
H. Brown, Mr. and Mrs. Reed, Mr. and
Mrs. C Smithers. Mrs. E. Smithers, Mary
Smithers. L. Smithers. Mrs. Eddy. Mr.
and Mrs. Campbell. Mrs. Evans, Mrs.
Partridge, Mrs. S. Julia. Martha St. Julia,
Mrs Gahn, G. Partridge. Jessie Partridge,
John O Day. William O'Day. Matt Sulli
van. Myrtle Brown. Mary Keegan, Fessie
O'Day "Lulu O'Day, Alma Smith. Emma
Smith. Alice Kutcher, Mary Kutcher, Ha
zel MePherson* Isabell Bryant. Anna
Asher. Jennie O'Brien. John J. Kutcher,
William Asher. Henry Pinto, Joe Pinto,
G. Frankel. James Brown. Gil Campbell.
Gus Bryant, Harry Quigley. Clarence Ca
vitt James Eddy and Frank McLaughlin.
Mrs C. C. Keene and daughters, Mrs.
Isadore Jonas and Miss Rose Keene, en
trrtained a few of theirriTriends on Sun
dav evening last. Covers were laid for
twenty. The ladles will discontinue their
"at homes" until after the summer sea
son.
A most enjoyable party was given by
Mr. and Mrs. South at their residence,
412$ Seventh street, on Sunday evening
last. The evening was spent in vocal and
instrumental selections by Miss Lillie
Akmann and Mr. and Mrs. South. At 11
o'clock a most bounteous supper was
served. Among the many who were pres
ent were: Mr. and Mrs. South, Mr. and
Mrs. Henicke, Mr. and Mrs. Rank, Mr.
and Mrs. Steeper, Mr. and Mrs. Johnson,
Mrs Akmann. Mrs. Duveneck. Mrs.
Berry. Mrs. Ramsay, Mrs. Knox. Mrs.
Ramon. Miss Leila Rank. Miss Lillie Ak
mann. Mrs. McArron, Miss McCarthy. E.
Scharf, Mr. Bully. F. Akmann. J. South,
A. South. R. South and Babe South.
On the evening of the 25th of May Cap
tain Petersen of the four-masted schooner
Sehome entertained a party of friends on
board his vessel. An enjoyable evening
was spent in singing, recitations and selec
tions on the graphophone. At 11 o'clock
the guests sat down to a table laden with
good things which the captain had pre
pared for the occasion. There were several
toasts drunk to the captain's health and
well wishes given, as the captain was on
the eve of his departure for Cape Nome.
Among those present were: Captain Pe
terson. Miss Mae Riley, Mr. and Mrs. L.
E. Brown, Charles M. Tavlor. Miss Anita
Rlley, Arthur Corder, C. K. Brown. Flor
ence Riley, Miss Kate Rlley. Eugene Mur
phy, Otis C. Thompson and John A. Rlley.
A pleasant birthday party was given
Mips Emily Wegener on Tuesday evening.
May 29, at her residence. 1019 Lombard
street. Vocal and piano solos were ren
dered by Misses Florence Smith. Gertrude
McMahon, Katherine Gudstadt, Anita
Boyle and Leonard McAvoy. Games and
dancing were indulged in by the many
guests. Among those -present were: Mrs.
Wegener, Mrs. Hien, Misses Emily and
Grace Wegener, Florence Smith, Flossie
Lynch, Mamie and Stella Kaeintz, Miss
a! Hien. Katherine Gudstadt. Marguerite
and Anita Boyle. Wander Koning. Alice
White. Mrs. E. Savage, Gertrude McMa
hon. Cameron Fraser. William Knight,
Leonard McEvoy. Mr. Bigelow, E. White.
Mr. Foster and Mr. Isham.
profusely decorated with ferns and flow
ers. In the dining hall a magnificent bow
er of American Beauty roses Interspersed
with variegated colored lanterns was espe
cially admired. Among the invited guests
were: Mr. and Mrs. L. Phillips. Mr. and
Mrs. John Burnett. Mr. and Mrs. J. M.
Nougues, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Nougues,
Mr. and Mrs. J. L.. Tlemey, Dr. and Mrs.
A. Regensburger. Mrs. de St. Germain,
Mrs. Portner, Mrs. Danglada. Mrs. L.
Wiss, Mrs. M. Robertson, Miss Myra Bur
nett. Miss Anna Keane. the Misses Kate,
Rose and Estelle Splivalo, Mr. Castelazu,
Mr. Luce. R. Crouthers. Dr. D/ P. Rossi,
Dr. F. Bonino, Dr. C. Barsotti, F. Seld
ner. F. Loaiza. C. L. Ricketson. D. J.
Martin, A. Lelevier, L. Aurrecoechea. L.
G. Salomon, A. D. Splivalo Jr.. E. R. Spli
valo, W. A. Baily, Miss Irene Splivalo and
Masters Oswald and Horace Splivalo.
Mr. ard Mrs. Orville B. C.-tldwell of 5S02
Adeline street. Oakland, eeiebrated their
lifth. or wooden, wedding anniversary on
Wednesday la=t. The invitations for the
affair had been written on square cards
of wood made of the California eucalyp
tus tree and finished with bows of blue
baby ribbon. The interior of the home
presented a most picturesque appearance
with its decorations of shavings embel
lished with jessamine an<J ror-es in the
parlors and sweet pea blossoms in the
(lining hall, the tabies of which were
worked out in lavender and purple effect
and the electric licht shades to corre
spond. An interesting programme was
piven. Those present were: Mrs. Blake
Alverson. Rev. Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Brad
lev. G. Baker. C. Brock. J. O. Brock. Mrs.
E." J. C. owe II. Mrs. M. Case, Dr. and Mrs.
C. Hadley Carlson. Mr. and Mrs. O. B.
CaldweH." R. CaMwe-11. Mr. and Mrs. J.
Dierssen. Mr. and Mrs. J. Ellison, Miss
T. Ellison. Miss M. Foster. C. Fitzsim
moiii«. F. Fahrenholz, Mr. and Mrs. AV.
Gilbert. Mr. and Mrs. J. Huber. Mrs. R.
Hickrr.F. A. Himmelmann. Miss D. Le
brecht. Mr. ar.d Mrs. A. H. MaoDonald,
M'fs D. M.icDonnld. Mrs. J. MiicDonald.
Mr. and Mrs. G. F. Smith. Miss H. Suth
erland, Miss D. Thomas. E. Thomas. Mr.
and Mrs. AV. Tobin. Miss L. A'agts and J.
A'agts.
Mr. ar.d Mrs. A. D. Spllvalo entertained
at dinner on Thursday evening last a
largo number of friends, the- occasion be
intr the anniversary of th<?ir silver wed
ding. The parlors and dining hall were
rjome Gathering*
There was a very pretty, quiet wedding
at Mills . College on Monday night, at
¦which time occurred the marriage of Miss
Flora B. Howard and Edward Noe. Miss
Howard graduated from Mills College in
1691. taking her bachelor's degree. For
the past seven years she has been an in
structor of Latin and Greek and has been
a great favorite in the college. There were
no invitations sent out aside from those
extended to the teachers and pupils who
are still remaining at the college for their
vacation. The bride was given away by
Mrs. Mills. The decorations were beauti
ful — marguerites, ferns and orange bios-
Foms. Miss Howard is the fifth Mills girl
who has been married within the last two
months. Mr. and Mrs. Noe will make their
'• home In Oakland.
Cupid never aimed a more unerring
shaft than that which he hurled into the
family of Mr. and Mrs. George E. Emer
son of Palo Alto, and Hymen has reaped
the results. At 12:30 o'clock last Thursday
Mr and Mrs Emerson gave away their
daughters Alice and Florence to Frank H.
Lamb and Charles AV. Miller, amid aus.
pices so pleasing as long to be remem
bered by all those present. The contract
ing parties are promineat In society and
university circles and they are the recip
ients of the warmest congratulations from
a host of relatives and close friends.
The brides' home was tastily decorated
with all the appropriate flowers and pot
plants, smilax and other floral specimens
for which Palo Alto Js so well known, and
a portion of the lawn In front of the resi
dence was likewise decorated and Inclosed
within canvas, while the soft shade of
two large live oak trees within this space
contributed much to the comfort and
charm of the occasion.
As a prelude to the ceremony Miss Jes
sie S. Easton sang "O, Promise Me." and
the Wedding March from "Lohengrin"
was played by Mrs. C. D. Dingley. The
effect of the double ceremony, pronounced
I by Rev. Mr. Haskell of the First Uni
tarian Church of San Jose, under one of
the spreading oaks, within the inclosed
space In front of the dwelling, was very
i impressive. The brides appeared very
i beautiful In gowns of white crepe de
chine, trimmed with shirred gauze ribbon
and point de A'enlse lace. The brother of
the brides. Ralph D. Emerson, was best
man and Miss Jessie S. Easton acted as
bridesmaid.
Mr. Miller is a very promising young
man. being a graduate of Stanford I'ni
verslty and of Columbia Law College,
with the classes of '<*» and "S9 respectively.
AVhlle at Stanford he was prominent In
fraternity life, brine a charter member of
the Stanford Chapter of Delta Upsilon.
His bride. Miss Florence Emerson, grad
uated from Stanford with this year's class
the day previous to her wedding.
Frank H. Lamb was a former student at
Stanford in the department of botany, in
which he attalnwl considerable distinc
tion, working und«--r Professor Dudley and
Dr. Campbell. Tie has since been very
successful In the lumber business in
AVashineton. His bride. Miss Alice Emer
son, wa<= also a student in the same do
na rtmer.t at Stanford. They will make
Hoquiam, Wash., their future home.
Wedding Bells
Mrs. T. M. Holt, to Clement B. Thorp of
the firm of Simpkins & Thorp.
The engagement reception of Miss Gus
eie Abrams and Meyer Attell will be held
Sunday, June 17, at SS Grove street.
In the Future
Mr. and Mrs. Mare Constine announce
the barmitzvah of their son Louis at the
Geary-street Temple on June 9. A recep
tion will be held the same afternoon at
their residence, 1311 Ellis street, from 2 to
5 o'clock.
Mr. and Mrs. Max Newman announce
the confirmation of their daughter Tina
at the Congregation Slierith Israel thfs
morning. They will be at home at 1303
Folsom street to-day from 2 to 5 p. m.
Mr. and Mrs. Aaron Shaen announce
the confirmation of their daughter Pearl
at the Geary-str^ot Temple to-day at 10:30
a. m. They will receive their friends to
day from 2 to 0 o'clock at t>S2 McAllister
street.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Shaw! will colebrate
the fiftieth anniversary of their wedding
to-day at their home, SOG'.fc Geary street.
Mr. and Mrs. Shawl were married at
A'icksburg, Miss., in 1S50, and came to Cal
ifornia in 1-S51 and settled in Placer Coun
ty. The couple have ten children, all of
whom are living. Mr. and Mrs. Shawl
will be happy to se<* all tholr friends.
Mr. and Mrs. D. Reis^e announce the con
firmation of thoir daughter Selma at the
Geary-street Temple to-day at 10 o'clock.
Reception from 2 to 5 at their residence,
1316 Steiner street.
Mr. and Mrs. H..S. Jacobs of 1537 Post
street announce the confirmation of their
son Arthur to take place at the Buah
street Temple this evening at 7 o'clock.
Mr. and Mrs. Bernardo Heringhi will
celebrate their golden wedding at their
residence, 2222 Jackson street to-day. They
will hold a reception for their friends be
tween the hours of 2 and 5 p. m.
Mrs. Phebe Abrams announces the con
firmation of her sister Goldie at the Geary
ptreet Temple June 3. They will receive
their friends on Sunday, June 10, at their
home, 2020 Sutter street.
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Levy announce
Outing Parties.
An enjoyable picnic and outing was
he.d at Mill A'alley Sunday, May 27. Those
present were: The Misses Helen Parker,
May Noonan, Alice Kennedy, Lillle Noo
nan. May Roach. Lottie Hafner and
Edith AVright. Eugene AVilson. David
Riese, Gus Oleen. Edward AVright, AA'lll
Moore. Frank Credon and Dan Farrell.
In the evening a grand banquet was
held at a downtown restaurant.
A private picnic was held at the Red
woods. In Mill A'alley, AV«dnes<1ay, May
30. Those present were the Misses Nora
Brosnan. Rose McLaushlln, Ruth Turner,
Anna Farrell, Josie McCabe. Marguerite
Clifford. Julia Brosnan, Delia Farrell.
AVinfred Mahar. Alice Gortland. Agnes
McLaughlln. Miss Murphy and Marie
Gartland: Messrs. Dr. Harrigan, J. Far
rell, P. McCabe. J. Brosnan, Charles Gart
land, Thomas Mahar, Fred Moore. Dan
Farrell. . F. Ousby. Joseph Farrell. G.
Beamishlmcr, AA'ill Dinnegan and P. Far
rell.
Miss Maude Trittenbach entertained a
few of her friends at her residence, 36C6
Nineteenth street, Friday evening. May
25. Those present were: Miss Lizzie Code.
Edward Barry, Miss Bertha Ochs. Frank
Stard, Miss Olivine Plant, George H. AA'il
son, Miss May AVallace. Dan Mauerhan.
Miss Harriet AVright, Fred Stard. Miss
Maud Trittenbach and Curtis Gllley.
A very enjoyable surprise party was
tendered D. Comstock by Mrs. Hattie
Pflelder and Mrs. B. K. A'lbertson at his
residence, 242A Ninth street, on Thursday
evening, May 24. The evening was spent
In music, recitations and games, after
which icecream and cake were served.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. D.
Comstock, Mr. and Mrs. B. K. Albertson.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Pfleider, Mr. and Mrs.
Jacob Fritz. Mr. and Mrs. Dudley, Mr.
and Mrs. McSusan, Mr. and Mrs. George
AV. C. Baker, Mrs. J. R. Browne. Mrs. E.
A. AA'olf. Mrs. T. Currle, Mrs. Robinson,
Miss Pearl Baraco, Miss Ida Mallnoff ,
Miss Rose Burwell, Miss Blanche Currie,
C. Baraco. G. Baraco, C. Glblin. M. H.
Whlpple, Leo Burke, Joseph Fritz, Mr.
AA'atson, M. Miller.
Miss Ethel Lewis entertained her
friends on Saturday. May 26, at her resi
dence. 13oi> Golden Gate avenue. A pleas
ant afternoon was spent in games and
dancing, after which refreshments were
served. Those present were: Hazel and
Selma Green. Alma Doyle. Camllle. Tessie
and Myrtle Harris. Elsie Block. Hilda and
Enid Cohen, Ethel Maas, Irma Levy.
Edna Riese. Ruth Oppenhelmer, Welcome
Levy, Mona and Nellie Renfro, Elma Co
hen. Syril Dusenbury, Sylvan and Lloyd
Harris. Julian and Merton Pinto. Walter
Goldberg, Myron Zobel, Joe Cohen, Joel
and Milton Springer, Charlie Block, Louis
and Edward Jacobson, Louis Goodman,
Joe Davis, Julian and Sol Lewis.
Keeffe and Rosetta Forrest; masters Har
ry Willits. Arthur Cohn, Steve- Bovo
Charles Strickland, Lennie Clark. Paul
Berg, Charles Keeffe, Tom Williams,
Norm Farrell," Leo Brickley, James Casey
and Hugh Carter. ¦ ,.
A delightful party was given by Mr.
and Mrs. A. Jackson in honor of their son
John's twenty-fifth birthday on ' Friday
evening. May 25, at 2314 Fillmore street.
The evening was devoted to games, music,
songs and dancing. The following pro
gramme was rendered: Gramophone selec
tions, Mrs. A, Beckwith: recitation. Miss
Agnes Schumacher, ragtime specialties.
Mr. Eddie Spolle. Among those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. A. Jackson. Miss Liz
zie Mordt, Miss Agnes Schumacher, Miss
Ida Schumacher. Miss Pauline Schumach
er. Miss Marie Baraty, Miss Jennie Ba
raty. Miss Ingrid Lindstrom, Miss Bertha
Anderson. Miss Lillian Jackson, Miss
Theresa Nunez, Miss Emily Johnson, Miss
Agnes Slattery, Miss Mamie Johannsen,
Miss Alice Johannsen, Miss Myrtle Spach
er, Mrs. E. Scamell. Mrs. A. Beckwith,
Miss Isabel Gallagher. Miss Eva Mcln
erney, Miss Meta Meyer. Miss Helen Mey
er. Miss Emily Meyer, Miss Josie Brown:
Messrs. Arthur E. Scamell, George W.
Jackson. Eddie B. Stolle. Bennie Moun
tain, Archibald Alexander, Arthur A.
Jackson, Norman Kelly, L. AV. Burnham
and John A. Jackson."
NAPA SODA SPRINGS— The following
is a list of arrivals at Napa Soda Spring3
during the last two weeks: Mr. and Mrs.
A. H. Small and family, I. I. Hess, Mr.
and Mrs. Adolph Schoenfeld, Milton H.
Ellis, H. L. Smith, S. Isickelsburg and
family. Miss M. J. Jones, Miss M. M:
Jones. Malone Joyce, H. P. Kohlberg, Mr.
and Mrs. A. G. McFarland and sons G
Haight, J. P. Argart, H. C. Owens. Mr.
and Mr?. J. J. Collins, Mr. M. Rosenthal
M. R. Nicholson. Miss F. DeMier, T F
Charfield. Miss M. Sattler. Mr. and Mrs"
Scott A. McKeown, Mr. . and •: Mrs. - AV H
Greer, Dr. William M. Lawlor, Colonel j'
P. Jackson, R. H. Galnes. George Hen
sley. F. E. McNear. San Francisco; John
K. Robson, O. O. Kavanaugh, Paymaster
H. L. Robins, Lieutenant Commander and
Mrs. F. H. Holmes. S. St. John, AV A
Brame,.U. S. N.; Miss Glynn. Annie
Glynn, Dr. J. J. Hogan, Miss Harrington
T. J. Aspenwall, M. F.. Jones and wife'
MlssDorscall, S. A.Copper, J. F.: Collins'
Vallejo; James J. Stanley, Miss M. Berco
vich, Oakland; H. ,C. Hortman, Miss E.
M. Jones, N.- S. Thomas, Miss K. Brown
John Parker, Abe Straus, A. McCraie'
Ed Almstutz. J. T. York. H. Short
Charles Levlnson.D.J. Scully, Miss Fer-
CARLSBAD SPRINGS— The following
guests registered at Carlsbad during the
month of May: From San Francisco-
Matt J. Carroll. .Miss M. Carroll, AV. R.
Morse. J. T. Carr. Edna Baker. Lillie
"Walsh, John I»osh; Oakland — Mrs. Orr,
Charles "Williams, Kdward Kent and wife.
Miss E. Black: Vacaville— S. A. Smith,
Miss Stanton, Miss L. White; ColuFa—
George Razzana. C. A. Hopper, John Kel
ley; Berkeley— Miss Breen.Miss J. Parker.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS— The following
guests registered at Byron Hot Springs
during the "past week: From San Fran
cisco— Henry Marcelot, James F. Reilly,
Miss Wrapple. John Carroll, James Rib
b"c. O. Van Valer. Mrs. W. K. Smurr,
S* B. Rothenburg. John Barry, J. J.
Nunes, C. G. Follls. Mrs. "A. E. Blake,
J F Wltzel, Mrs. J. Rosenstern, AV. S.
Garrbtt. Luke D. Morgan. Miss Follis, Dr.
C A Clinton, Mrs. Charles Itjen, E. W.
Burke AV. K. Smurr, James W. Goewey,
E D Vanben, N. H. Foster, Charles F.
Shalnwald, L. Godchaux. T. E. Sullivan.
Mrs T. 12. Sullivan. M. Pareilo. Charles
Hedberg and George Gehrkens; from
Stockton-S. J. Frawley, W B. Austin.
Theo S. Brown, M. C. Mclnnery; from
Felton— I. N. Hayes; from Humboldt— C.
Holland, from Port Costa— M. Leahly, J.
Crowley: from Modesta — AV. Weil; trom
Soquel— Edward O'Neil; from Carters-
Archie Scott, Mrs. A. Scott; • from New
York— John Platte, Mrs. F. Jacob! and
son: from Amhurst— A. J. Lind; • from
Port Townsend — Mrs. • H. McKay; from
K r ,. sno — J. J. Johnson, P. Sogllan and
wife P. H. McGarry; from Oakland-
Louis Unna, James. Cunningham, C. A.
FaweetU from Sausalito— J. S. Shoobert,
Mrs. J. II. Schoobert; from Crockett-
Thomas E. Carr, A. Moorehead.
PASO ROBLES— Recent arrivals at
Paso Robles Include: From San Fran
cisco— H. Sultan, H. Steinberg. W. T. Far
rar Joe Rosenberg. John Millzner,
Charles L. Hill. T. H. Williams, S. H.
Schroeder, F. S. Bowley. F. Bockmann,
James Smith. John S. French and wife,
James Coughlan. Mrs. M. J. Johnston,
William Haas and wife. Charles Haas,
Adolph Klau, Charles F. Boyd. T. D.
Pierce. W. J. Davis. J. P. Bowers. E. J.
Saueter, P. E. Hillyer, Joseph Hahn. Wil
liam R. Calcutt. T. L. Lillis, A. C. Rosen
dale. M. A. Mondelson. C. E. Sehling
heyde, U. R. Grant, Eugene de Sable, T.
W. Brown, F. A. Ely, V. E. Shaw, Louis
Cohen. L. Abrahams, F. Elliott. W. B.
Foiman: from San Luis Obispo — Dr.
George B. Nichols. William Graves, A. E.
Campbell; from Berkeley. J. A. Cham
bers; from Grass Valley. John F. Kidder
and O. H. Clark; from Tacoma, Wash., J.
II Beach; from Visalia. M. A. Fesler and
Herbert Shane; from Irvington. O C. Ben
bow; from Seattle, Mrs. N. Delmas, child
and nurse; from Aberdeen, Wash., J. S.
Lewis; from Lompoc, C. Levy and D. W.
Pontius: from Surf, AV. R. Fontaine; from
Birmingham. Enp., Mrs. R. C. Barrow and
daughter; from Palo Alto. Frank Barrett
and J F. Parkinson; from San Jose, C.
Berg.
PARAISO — The following guests regis
tered at Paralso during the past week:
From San Francisco — It. X. Madden. I.
N. Hockett, Dr. Gardner r'erry Pond. Mrs.
Monica Dodge, R. Wheeler. Edmund At
trldge. Frank S. Kaufman and wife.
Gtorge McGowan. Martin E. Harris, Miss
Anna Mclntre; from San Jose— H. J. Cluff
and wife, Mips Lena Cluff, Chester R.
Cluff. Mrs. John Leigh; from New York—
J. C. Davenport and wife; from Portland
—Mrs. K T. Delmonlco. Pauline L. Del
monlco; from Oakland— H. S. Morris, Miss
Kate Cross, Miss Emma Cross; from Sa
linas—J. P. Lauritzen, Miss Lauritzen;
from Manila— Lieutenant John Crotty;
from Los Angeles— M. L. Stevenson, J.
Francis Moran.
SANTA CATAI-.IXA.— Recent arrivals
from San Francisco at the Hotel Metro
pole, Santa Catalir.a island: Mrs. II.
Winkle and family,. Miss E. Gartyne. Mrs.
E. G. Billing. Mtes' G. M. Billing. Robert
R. Munro, II. P. Thall. C. L. Fisher. R. L..
Durbrow, AV. AV. Warden, wife and son;
J O. Donnelly. Louis Levinsky and Miss
Alice B. Toklar.
At the Resorts
Mrs. Edna Snell Poulson, Miss Anna
Fay and Miss Evelyn Gwynne are among
the Californlans returning from Europe,
and are registered in New York. Mrs.
Poulson will visit her nieces in Belfast,
Me., and arrive in San Francisco the mid
dle- of June. , .
Mrs. L. Sisenwine has discontinued her
day at home. , , .
Mrs. Joseph Hirsch has discontinued her
day at home during the summer months.
Mrs. William II. Smith and her daugh
ter. Miss Martha, have left for Port
Hlakeley, Wash. From there Miss Smith
will sail for Honolulu with her brother.
Captain E. O. Smith, of the schooner "Wil
liam H. Smith. . . . .
Mrs. J. Stappenbeck has gone to Ander
son Springs for a month.
Mrs. Bertha Bamberger and Miss Leonie
Kuls have discontinued their day at home
for the summer.
Mrs. Morris Abrahams and daughter.
Miss Cora Kelsey, are spending the sum
mer at Tallac.
Mrs. Henry Doscher and her son, Fred
D. Alldack, "are spending a few weeks in
Southern California. Mrs. Doscher will
not receive in June.
Miss- Janette Coleman has discontinued
her day at home for the summer.
Mrs. "Julian Uebes has given up her day
at home until after the summer months.
Miss Beckie Martin is visiting her sister,
Mrs. A. Isaacs, in Tacoraa, Wash. She
will be gone all summer.
Mrs. Julius Rosenstern. Dr. C. A. Clin
ton anil N. H. Foster, all of San Fran
cisco, are sojourning at Byron Springs.
Mrs. A. Prescott has moved to 1929 Sut
ter street, and will be at home next Tues
day afternoon, when she will be pleased
to see her friends.
Mrs Charles Perkins intends leaving on
the 6th of June for New York, en route to
London. Glasgow and Paris to visit rela
tives.
Dr. and Mrs. E. Schlott of 720 Fell street
have discontinued^their evenings at home
during the summer months.
Miss Alma Alden, daughter of Judge I.
R. Aiden of Oakland, leaves on June 6 for
P.utte, Mont., to spend the summer
months as the guest of Mrs. J. G. Ham
mon.
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Pechner announce
the conflrmation of their youngest daugh
ter Jennie at the Bush-street Temple this
evening. They will receive Monday from
2 to 5 o'clock at their residence, 2323 Post
street. „
Mr. and Mrs. Morris E. Kresteller an
nounce the conflrmation of their daughter
Sylvia at Geary-street Temple this morn-
Ing. They will be pleased to receive their
friends from 2 to 6 o'clock this afternoon.
The Fleur de Us Club will hold its next
social dance Tuesday evening. June a, in
Martin's Dancing Academy, 1138 MarKet
S Mr. 'and Mrs. J. Hyman announce the
barmitzva of their youngest son Abe on
Saturday, June 9. at the Temple Einanu-
El. Reception Saturday and Sunday at
their residence. S36 Page street, near Scott,
from 2 till 6 p. m. . v _
Mr. and Mrs. II. Levy announce the
confirmation of their daughter Flossie at
the Geary-street Temple this morning at
10 o'clock. Reception from 2 to 5 o clocK,
1£S5 Post street. ' ¦" •*••_* - ¦ • . _,_,
The Tuolumne County Reunion Associ
ation will hold a basket picnic at Golden
Gate Park on Saturday, June 16. Mem
bers and friends are requested to assem
ble at the music stand at 10:30 a, m.
An evening dress soiree will be given
by the Romlta Dancing Club Saturday
evening, June 9. in the Supreme Court
building, 305 Laykln street.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Blumenthal announce
the confirmation of their son Sidney at
the Geary-street Temple to-day.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Emanuel announce the
conflrmation of their daughter Cecile at
Geary -street Temple to-day. At home this
afternoon at 405 Clayton street. -'^J*
the confirmation of their daughter Stella
at the Geary-street Temple this morning.
They will receive at their residence, ws
Fell street, on Sunday, June 10, from 2 to
6 v>. m. ¦'¦',,
Mr. and Mrs. Morris E. Kresteller an
nounce the confirmation of their daughter
Sylvia at the Geary-street Temple this
morning. They will be pleased to receive
their friends from 2 till 6 o'clock at their
residence. 609 Buchanan street
TITE SAN FRAXGISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 3, 1000.
26
SOCIETY
The flold=Fast Clip
For Eyeglasses.
It Is the only nose piece that solves the prob-
lem of easy, firm adjustment, wtth si.-BP!'^ 1 '
and neatness of construction.
Oculists' prescriptions niled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Jl»!a *
miy^|M^lMls%»s»»MBaW"«mw^^fcfr;;
OPTIC!AN^ nT VA p f APMM : U5 ' i
642 Market St. instrument*
under cmrqmicii eun.9iM&. CATALOGUE fRIt-
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29. with the electric needle- without pain or
scar. Permanency guaranteed : hours I to 4 P M
What the World's Greatest Serpentine Dancer'
LOIE FULLER,
Says About the Skin Food and Tissue Builder.
BRAHMAN .
TOILET CREAM: afcl£^K
"I certainly can r^com- f&40an**P»-
mend your delightful
Brahman Toilet Cream JB*hEH>*P<VSflOP
as the best thing: for its V&tF-rBP&iwBi
purpose i have ever rrfc? * TrVSa
uspd." Price. 50c. Brah- ( aS 1*£&H£?
man Tooth Powder. 50c. 5?fsL 5§*KjT>
All druezists and at V
A. JV. Traverse. M.D. ?«^^HiHBHt*fc
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Permanently Removed by the
Klectrlc Needle as Operated by Me.
TRIAI POT Lad i. w out of town
* nlrtL rxJ * sending this ad. with
10 cents la sumps will receive a book of in-
structions and a box of Lola Montez Crema aad
Face Powder FREE.
VISIT ME AND SEE WHAT
MAY BE DONE FOR YOU.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST.
78 Geary Stect, San Francisco.
Restores Gray Hair to its Natural
Coto' in four days. Pleasant to
use. Does not soil the hands or
leave any sediment in the hair.
IS NOT A DYE. $1 a bottle.
FRFF ! ® ne free application of the 4-
l ¦%!_¦.. i Ddy HaIr R es torer given Free
at my parlors to all purchasers.
Consider this coming week your opportunity
and Jet me prove what I can do toward re-
novating your skin. Remember. Investigation
costs you nothing. I have yet found no cas«
of skin affliction beyond repair. Consultation
strictly private. Xo publicity.
4-Day Hair Restorer
You probably fully realize how obnoxious
these blemishes are. but you are too sensitive
to Investigate a treatment for their removal.
Do you know the lonsrer these blemishes are
allowed to run on unchecked the more numer-
ous they become?
FREE TREATMENTS
Sufficient to convince the most skeptical that
every woman can poasess that chief e*s»ntlal
to beauty— a fresh, healthy complexion.
ThrouKh Indifference and nesrlect your skia
Is probably marred with Pimples, Freckles,
Coarse Poiva. Wrinkles an.l Moles.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON'S
Lola Montez Creme
Does not peal off the skin, but removes the
cause of complexion Ills, builds up the tissues,
makes the skin healthy, clear and fresh, there-
fore beautiful. Tit cents a Jar at all druggists.
p!es and all Dis.
colorations bf the Skin. Sallowness and
Wrinkles disappear with the use of
* iv^a5atf%&£.%s3i' w^° USS3
KfP^lSi MONTEZ
lif^jdlll CREME
p* **y J^' *^':j£?y< to Prevent or Re-
Mr.. Ketti. H»rri..n'i move Tan, Sunburn.
Ute.t Portrait f recklcs, Moth
> , . Liver Patches. Pirn-
The Summer Girl
Holds Her Own
Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, fur
capes: liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 538 Sutter.*
! DRY GOODS CO/VIPANY. |
I — ~ I
I SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS. I
X During this week we will place on sale T
t some very desirable goods, consisting of v
I ZIBELINE PLAIDS, FIGURED CREPONS, |
f WOOL ETAMINES, SCOTCH CHEVIOTS. |
£ and other broken lines, at prices to effect a speedy clearance. T
I ZIBELINE PLAID (good value for 50c yard), to close. . .35c yard t
$ WOOL ETAMINE (regular price $9 suit), to close $3.00 suit v
I FIGURED CREPONS (formerly $12 suit), to close $6.00 suit ±
f SCOTCH CHEVIOTS (worth $13.50 suit), to close $9.00 suit J
'£ 1000 REMNANTS (all lengths) to be sacrificed. ::
•j- __.._¦ T
i COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. '.'.
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
X SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Street^ San Francisoo. '. '.
X UISIOIM S<?UARB. !I
54-K-H-H-H-K-I I M-M-K-M I I I ¦I-I-t-I-H-W-H-r-: 11111111 M"frH-HJ>
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
•~ Many women can trace their ruined complexions to the use of injurious cosmetics which, at their best, simply : '~ZS
EE: COVER UP defects. They try one preparation after another, hoping to find one that will bring back what has been lost,
Sj~ but it will never return. There is but one way and that is to SECURE A NEW SKIN. All physicians and dermatologists —•
£T agree on one point, that, when the outer cuticle is stained with freckles, tan and other discplorations, or has a muddy, "ZZ
~Z roughened appearance, there is but one way to eradicate the defects and that is by using a preparation which will surely, |~2
IEr but not too hurriedly, take off the outer skin and with it the blemishes. No truer words were ever said than that
£^ COAXES A NEW SKIN. It is the result of years of study and experimenting, and today stands alone as a time-tried ~;
•~ remedy which cures. It passed the experimental stage ten years ago, and since then has been used by thousands of dis-
2^ criminating women who never fail to recommend it in words of praise and thankfulness. :~3
£~ It does not contain a single ingredient that can possibly harm, the most delicate skin, but it must be remembered
5^ that ANITA CREAM is not a cold cream, but a medicinal preparation which, if properly used, will accomplish, a very ~2
;E different result from that obtained by the use of a simple bland or cold cream. 'It draws all-impurities to the surface and ''zzj
ZZZ removes the outer skin in small, scaly particles, thus eradicating all blemishes and at the same time promoting v a growth of
gr" of. new skin as soft and clear as an infant's. It contains no vaseline or any ingredient that will stimulate a gro\yth of hair. ' :^3
•^ mr T OSIini C '* vou cannot obtain Anita Cream of your druggist/ send 50c to us for a full sized Jar. \ Further particulars and instructions together with a
lULL Onlnl'Lt liberal sa:npl8 win be Ipailcd t0 any address for a 2c 5tam P- ANITA CREAM & TOILET CO., 207 Franklin St., Los Angeles, Cal.initiated several candidates and received
an application.
Last Monday there was a joint meeting
of all. the courts of Los Angeles in that
city, on which occasion there were pres
ent Grand" Sub-Chief Ranger Heenan,
Grand Secretary Cordy. Grand Senior
Woodward ..oldman and Grand Trustee
Peter Stoney. "There were present' about
150, Including the officers named, members
of the courts and of courts In the vicinity.
The executive council will hold a meet
ing next Tuesday.
Preparations are being made for the In
stitution of a new court In a short time
In one of the cities near San Francisco.
Grand Chief Ranger Asher is preparing
his list of deputies for the current term.
The journal of the proceedings of th»
recent session of the grand court will be
ready within three weeks.
The Loyal Guard.
Arrangements are being made for the
institution in this city of a division of the
Loyal Guard, a beneficiary organization
that has been in existence in the East for
a number of years, and which i3 said to
be popular there. Dr. B. Cogshall is the
Western manager of the organization. As
soon as he shall have instituted the divi
sion in this city he will institute one in
San Jose.
Fraternal Eagles.
The Catholic Union.
Golden Gate Aerie No. 61 at its last held
meeting initiated eleven strangers.
The picnic of San Jose Aerie is reported
as having been a great success.
Representatives J. F. Cheatham and E.
L. Wagner have returned from the session
of the Grand Aerie, which was held in
Vancouver, B. C, and they declare that
they are well pleased with their trip.
At the session of the Grand Aerie the
basis of representRtion at the Grand Aerie
wai changed and past presidents are only
eligible.
A new charter for the order is to be
designed and printed.
Proxies will be recognized in the future
only when held by a member In the same
State or province in which the aerie is
situated.
The cistinctlve emblem will be the flag
of the United States, crossed with the flag
of the country in which the aerie is situ
ated.
A new regalia for the grand worthy past
president was adopted.
Colonel E. P. Edson of Seattle Mo. 1,
who framed the ritual, laws and const'tu
tiors of errand and subordinate aeries, was
honored with the title of grand worthy
chief justice, with rank of grand worthy
past president. .
San Francisco was the place decided
upon for the next meeting on May 14,' 1901.
Invitations were also received from Butte,
Kansas City and Minneapolis.
The following Grand Aerie officers were
elected: Grand worthy past president,
John Considine, Seattle: grand worthy
president. H. R. Llttlefield, M. D., Port
land; grand worthy vice president, J.
Hughes. Philadelphia; grand worthy
chaplain, Rabbi Eisenberg, Butte; grand
worthy secretary. A. E. Partridge, Se
attle; grand worthy treasurer, A. A. Bro
deck Everett; grand worthy conductor,
K. Shaw. Rossland; grand worthy Juslice,
Colonel E. P. Edsnn: grand worthy ju*dge
advocate; Del Cary Smith, Spokane; grand
worthy inner gusirdian, James F. Chet
ham, San Francisco; grand worthy outer
guardian, Edwin L. Head, San Francisco.
The Young Men's Catholic Union gave a
complimentary, literary and musical eiy
tertainment on the 2Kh inst., in Union
square Hall, to Its friends as n prelim
inary to its annual picnic, which was held
at Los Gatos on the 30th following. The
programme included remarks by Grand
President John F. Burns, vocal solo,
Thomns Jones; recitation, Thomas W.
Hiekey; vocal selections, Millicent Leven
bcrg: "cakewalk, by Master Buttner, the
four-year-old prodigy: soprano solo, Mrs.
E. Burrir; specialties, the Bennett Sisters.
The several numbers were well rendered
and received with marked demonstrations
of approval, all the contributors being
encored. The affair was arranged and
successfully carried out under the direc
tion of John II. Quinn. Edward Me A ill Iff,
I). P. Breen, John Dunne. J. J. Powers,
Jcre P. Counlhiin. J. C. Murphy, Jr.«eph
B. Vizzarii. Harry Hay. M. J. Hession;
floor committee— M. J. Hesslon, floor man
ager; Jere P. Counihan, Harry Hay and
John Dunne, assistants.
Knights of Honor.
Friendship lxxlge is arranging for a
smoker to he given on the evening of the
first mretimr in July.
Yopemlte Lodge gave a smoker In B'nai
B'rith Hall last Wednesday. Th^re was
a largo representation of the members
present, many visitors and strangers. The
hall was prettily decorated, the entertain
ment was a good one and the smoking
material was enjoyed by all. Several ap
plications were presented that night, j
Improved Ord«r of Red Men.
Oneida Council of the Daughters of Po
cahontas was instituted on last Thursday
night with forty-two charter members.
George H. Stein was the organizer. The
institution was by Great Pocahontas
Annie E. Gill, assisted by Great Sachem
R. B. Wilson. Great Wenonah Mrs. J.
Weisel. Great Minnehaha Mrs. Rew, Great
Scout Mrs. Betts. District Deputy Miss
McMahon and Past Great Pocahontas
Miss Johnson. The adoption degree was
conferred by the team from Pocahontas
Council. The chiefs of the now council
are: Miss C. Cullen. P.; Miss M. Cullen,
proph.; Mr?. K. A. Adams, \V. ; Kmello
Lastreto, Pow.; Miss S. O'Connor, K of
W.; Mrs, Baccus, Mrs. L. Keefe and Mrs.
Anderson, trustees.
Great Sachem Wilson has returned from
Mendocino County. He reports the order
flourishing in that section. He went to
Grass Valley yesterday and win visit
Dutch Flat on the 4th, which will close
his official visits for the term.
Yosemite Tribe will adopt six palefaces
on the 5th inst. This tribe manifests a
great deal of Interest In the work of this
order.
District Deputy Great Sachem Derrick
Is organizing a tribe at Suisun.
Modoc Tribe adopted six palefaces last
Thursday, after which there was a feast
of corn and venison.
The citizens of Martinez are arranging
for a grand parade on the Fourth of July.
Carquinez Tribe of Crockett will have a
iine float in the parade.
The following named are the chiefs of
Potomac Council, instituted last week in
the tepee of Makota Council: Mrs. John
13. Johnson, prophetess: Mrs. II. Cills, po
cahontas: Miss Orel Whltten, wenonah ;
Thomas Roche, powhattan; G. M.
Schweinhard, keeper of records; Mrs. A.
G. Blangy, keeper of. wampum.
American Companions.
Bay City Circle of the Companions of
the Forest of America at Its meeting last
Monday night enrolled "the modest mem
ber of Court Sutro Heights," an honorary
member of the Circle, in recognition of
services rendered to the circle and order
generally. The semi-ai.nual election re
eulted in the selection of the following
named to serve for the ensuing term:
Mary Loryea, chief companion; Esther
Rosenbaum, sub-chief; M. Marks, record
ing secretary (re-elected); Matilda God
chaux. right guide; Nellie llarquarson.
left guide; Fannie Goodman, outside
guard; Sarah Lubesch, Mrs. M. Gompertz
and Mrs. L. Marks, trustees. The election
of Inside guard was laid over until the
next meeting.
Foresters of America,
On the night of the 24th of May Court
Seal Rock No. 45 had an Interesting- meet-
Ing and there was present a large num
ber of the members of the" court. The
special features of the evening were the
initiation of strangers and the organiza
tion of a quartet. The committees on ex
cursion to Sunset Park on the 9th of Au
gust were presented and discussed, and
from the reports it Is likely that this
event, which will be given under the aus
pices of Club Seal Rock, will be a delight
ful affair. Under good of the order, the
members were entertained with vocal se
lections and humorous remarks by the
c The Presidio Outing Club, composed of
members of Court Presidio and of Pre
sidio Circle of the Companions of th*
Forest, will hold Its fifth annual picnic at
Fairfax Park on Sunday next.
Court Sutro Heights at its meeting on
la«t Monday had a good attendance and
by a unanimous vote decided to. reinstate
Bam Yehl. its otte time organist, who had
absented himself for more than one year.
He- was assigned to his old position and
in future the court will have appropriate
music played in proper time during the
Initiations. During the evening the court
A new parlor to be known as Visalia
Parlor No. 117 will be instituted at Visa
lia to-morrow night by District Deputy
Grand President Mamie Ryan. The same
night District Deputy Grand President
Mrs. Theodore Lungtedt will institute La
PueFta Parlor No. 117 in South San Fran-
Cisco with a good charter list.
Grand President Mrs. Cora B. Sifford
returned to her home in Ventura last
Tuesday.
Native Daughters.
Oro Fino Parlor No. 9 of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West announces
an entertainment and social to be given
in the banquet hall of the Native Sons'
building on the night of the 8th Inst. in
aid of the parlor's 1900 fund. The com
mittee will offer a fine programme of en
tertainment.
Native Sons.
Considerable Interest is being taken In
all pnrts of the State in the approaching
baseball tournament by the Native Sons
of the Golden West. The prime mover
in the matter has been George B. Fraser
of Pacific Parlor, who has been elected
chairman of the executive committee. It
is expected that the first game of the
series will be played about the middle of
the current month at the Sixteenth and
Fo-lsom-street grounds.
The statement of California Parlor for
the present time is -407 members; finances,
$15,670 36. Every member of this parlor has
been notified to use his best endeavors to
have California make a good showing on
the 9th of September, Admission day.
The Druids.
On the night of the last Saturday In
May Noble Grand Arch J. F. Martinonl.
assisted by Past Noble Grand Arches F.
Cavagnaro and O. H. Hoag, Past Arches
Olino. L. A. Wolff and J. M. Bowey and
members of Grove No. 47, instituted a new
grove to work In the Italian language.
It was named Semplone Grove No. 121
and it starts in with twenty-three charter
members. This grove was organized by
G. B. Vallegra, M. Albert. N. Bacig.ikiDi
and S. Piezzi. After the Institution there
was a banquet and addresses for the pros
perity of the new venture.
The same evening the grand secretary,
J. M. Graves, and Past Noble Grand Arch
H. J. Gollcr paid a visit to Benicia, where
they assisted in initiating eighteen
strangers in the baby grove, Benicia No.
120. The degree was conferred in a very
creditable manner by the degree team of
Solano Grove No. 72 of Falrlield.
The reports from nearly all the groves
are in and the return? will be a pleasant
surprise to the members of the order.
A now grove is being organized in Los
Angplos and it will be instituted shortly.
Another grove Is being formed in San
DIctro.
strangers were initiated and three appli
cations were presented.
San Jose Lodge is now the leadine fra
ternal organization of the Garden City. It
has a membership of 150, embracing the
best element of the place. The lodge is
working hard to make the Fourth of July
celebration, which It will have in charge,
a great success. Jackson Hatch is the
chairman of the executive committee.
A\ illiam Barrett and E. L. Lawrence of
»an Francisco Lodge entertained the
members of Stockton Lodge last Tuesday
with interesting experiences. Stockton
Lodge is bracing up on the music ques
tion and will hereafter have vocal selec
tions by its quartet, Messrs. Brueck, Fyfe,
Philips and Ladd. Special music is being
arranged for the initiatory work.
Exalted Ruler Franks of North Yakima
Lodge and Mr. Stacey of San Diego Lodge
have just returned from an extended tour
of China and Japan and have gone to
their respective homes.
FRATERNAL NEWS.
Order Eastern Star.
Ivy Chapter at its Ian hold meeting
ejected six candidates and these will bo
initiated at the next session of the chap
ter.
Mission Chapter will, at Its meeting
on June 9, initiate ten candidates who
were elected at the meeting on the 26th of
last month.
Last Monday night Mrs. J. P. Cosgrave
and Mrs. Hattie Green were initiated into
the mysteries of the order in Olive Branch
Chapter by Miss Melissa. Gordon McCon
key, the worthy matron, and her efficient
etalt of officers. The re were present a
number of visitors, including Mrs. Emma
Carter, matron of Harmony Chapter; Mrs.
Alice Frances Hickie, matron of Mission
Chapter: Mrs. Kate Bareilles, matron,
and John \UilIiam Baraille, patron of
Ueulah Chapter, and John Campbell Kim
ball, patron of Harmony Chapter. The
music incidental to the Initiation was ren-
aered by Fannie Beckett Owen. The
work was up to the standard of this chap
ter, which is perfection, and was highly
romniended by the visitors. After the
work cf the evening those present were
flighted with vocal selections by Miss
Emma Rohrbaeher, Miss Nellie Waller
End Mrs. Rose Pistolesi. Then followed
the serving of a collation and coffee.
A petition is being circulated for the in
stitution of a new chapter In this city to
be composed of members of Harmony
The chapter has grown so large
that many are of the opinion that the
dt-mbership ought to be divided.
C. E. dc«St. Maurie, patron of Veritas
chapter, assisted by members of that
rhajiter, instituted a new chapter at Col
.ege Citv last week. Last Tuesday Past
Grand Patron Merrltt. assisted by mem
bers of Crystal Chapter of Auburn. Mon
rovia Chapter of Sacramento and Oak
weaf of Oakland, organized a new chapter
tt Rocklln with forty members.
' Beulah Chapter w"ill have work in the
.nitiatory degree at its next meeting and
so will Golden Gate Chapter initiate can
didates on Thursday next.
The Amaranth.
The entertainment that was given in
Golden Gate Hall on the night of the 2?th
of last month by Crescent Court of the
Royal Order of the Amaranth was a very
tnjoyable affair, which was got up with
a great deal of care by the committee of
Rrrangements of which Mrs. Mary G.
Dunne was the chairman and directing
rplrit. She was assisted by Aj:nie J. Lam-
Dert, C. Frederick Sommers. Mrs. Nellie
A. Darling. A. Irene Simpson and Bailie
H. Millberry, composing the committee on
entertainment, while Mrs. C. F. Sommers.
who was the chairman of the advertising
committee, did much to make the affair
the Fuccess that it was. Frank W. Mar
tton was the floor manager, and he was
assisted by Dr. A. H. MJUberry, H. M.
Owens. Nel L. Nelson, Ethel Murphy.
Florence Perkins and May Carter. Th.
several numbers presented were well re
ceived and encored. The dance pro
gramme was well arranged, being madp
up of the latest dances, with Just a few
sf the old-lime favorites.
The Odd Fellows
Grand Master W. W. Watson has an
nounced the following as the first of the
pfilcial visitations he will make: June 1G,
to Altruria Lodge, at La Porte; IS. to Plu
mas Lodge, Quincy; 13. Greenville Lodge,
"Jreenville; 20, Indoan Valley Lodge, Tay
orville; 21, Mohawk Lodge, Johnsvilie; 22.
Honey Lake Ledge. Jonesville; 23, Silver
•tar Lodpo, Susanville.
Cosmopolitan Lodge will on next Tues-
Jay initiate six candidates, which will
aiake twenty for the term.
Parker Lodge on lat^t Tuesday initiated
i. candidate in a manner that brought
iorth loud praises from a large numbtr
-A visitors who were present and were un
tware that the ofScers of this lodge were
w perfect in the ritualistic and memorized
rork.
Lust Tuts-lay Grand Patriarch Foster,
is.^i-ttd by Past Grand Patriarch Doran
md members of Mount Whitney Encamp
nont. ir.?tituted Hanford Encampment
k'o. GS at Hai:ford with thirty members.
Gall Encampment No. tS, which removed
.o LoOi, ha? adopted th« name of Paran.
Oriental Encampment has been invited
5y <;r;ir.i1 Patriarch Foster to confer the
'••lde:i niip oearree before the Grand En
•amprrsexit at it's session next October.
Wil«1**y and Unity Encampment on last
ruc-fcday held the first of a series of optn
n^f-unRs to be held Jointly whenever ther€
that] be a fifth Tuesday in a month. This
neeting. in Odd Fellows' building, was in
i»e nature of a reunion, smoker and gen
era! good of the order assembly. There
vere addresses by Past Grand Masters
¦>x and Estee, Grand Master Watson,
Srand Secretary' George T. Shaw, funny
saying? by Harrv Xicciann and entertain
nk stories by James A. Wilson, Charles
liejrler and A. Sleiner. A very enjoyable
»ve£i!ng was spent— bo enjoyable that some
if those present expressed the wish that
liere was a fifth Tuesday In each month.
The B-ebekahs.
On the night of the 26th of May Amity
rtebekah Lodge received elx members by
initiation and one by card. The work of
initiation was by Noble Grand Mrs. Zeig
cr and her corps of officers, all attired
n white, and as they moved from point
;o point in the work they presented a
lumber of charming tableaux. The work
ras very much appreciated by about 150
nembers of the order who were present,
kfter the ceremonies of the evening there
vas an adjournment to the banquet hall.
vbere there was served a collation and
cecream, a treat by the noble grand.
Loyal Rebeka-h Lodge on lajst Monday
lad work In the initiatory degree in that
tnpressive and correct manner which has
»-on so much admiration for the noble
mmd, Mlsa Margery Jennings, and those
rho in the several stations assist her.
Orientai Retx»kah Lodge has arranged
tor a rose social to b£ given in the Pros
ifct Hall of the Odd Fellows' building on
:he night of the 12th inst. During the
ivening there will be a short programme
if entertainment.
Pa^t Grand President Miss Fannie Ben
nmln paid a visit last Tuesday to Jubilee
U>dge. on which occasion three candi
tates w*re initiated. The lodge Is report
kJ as doing well. •
The board of trustees of the Orphans
Some will pay a visit to that institution
m the £th Inst. r
Manchester Unity Picnic.
The Joint committee of California,
tolden Gate and Mission lodges of Inde
•endent Order of Odd Fellows (Manches
ct Unity) have completed the arrange
hents fo'r the excursion to and picnic at
jas Gatos I'ark on Thursday next. A
•ood progrart-rne of games lias br-en ar
anged and many gate prizes will be dis
ri touted.
The Elks.
The lone-expected Elks night by ban
rrancisco Lodge was plven Sn that sub
.rdinate's beautiful hall on the evening
¦f the 2Cth of last month. The beauty of
he hall was enhanced by thrf decorator's
j-t, flaps, banners, potted plants, palms
.nd Australian ferns being used to pro
luce the desired artistic effects. There
vere present about two hundred of the
rf-st people on earth and friends. At l!)
•clock Kxalted Ruler Bonnet in a most
loquent short address introduced Lewis
Aorrison as the chairman of the social
t-ssion. and after returning thanks for
he honor the chairman fined the exalted
¦uler $1 for having used such beautiful
anguagc in the introduction.
There was 5erved up an excellent colla-
Son during the evening and there was no
ack of refreshment*. Louis Homier s
¦rchcstra furnished the music. The pro
xamme was not prearranged, but the
thalrman called on any one who could
mtertain and refused to accept any decli
latlon. Kobert Lloyd, barytone, sang
•The Psalms"; William Ogilvle, tenor,
tndered "A May Morning"; Ezra Ken
lall of the Orpheum told anecdotes and
itories: Bob Mitchell told storie? and sang
[ parody on "Oh. Promise Me." The
iambone Trio, Mitchell. Turnbull and
fhompson. entertained with specialties;
frank W. Thompson, barytone, sang
•Out on the Deep"; Lewis Morrison re
:ited "My I'nele," and he was so aston-
Fhed with the ejccellent manner in which
i(> delivered the lines that he fined him
*-\f b dollar. Kdward C Wh^rler of the
rjvoli gave imitations of Lewis Morrison
n Richelieu and of O'Neill in a Parisian
Romance, and Joe Eppinper sang "The
lolv City." The assembly parted after
ilnging "Auld Lang Syne," and going
lome with an exalted idea of the ways
md means committee of the lodge.
At the last held meeting; of San Fran-
Isco Lodg-e f5ve applications were re
rlve<3. It is. reported that the ways and
aeans committee is arranging a bay ex
ur?ion for July for the Elks and their
»dy and eentleroen friends.
The bullshead breakfast by Oakland
*#%£*. was a great success. Master of
reremonles Hannifln and Harry Sloper
ave gained several pounds In weight. At
bo last held meeting of this lodge four
Tnr; * san francisco call., Sunday, june s, i9oo.
27
GEORGE B. FRASER.
AMUSEMENTS.
COURSING AT
COURSING AT
COURSING AT
INGLESIDE PARK
INGLESIDE PARK
INGLESIDE PARK
TO-DAY,
SUNDAY JUNE 3, 1900
SPECIAL CHAMPION STAKE.
Theron vs. Chicago Boy.
Mose vs. Master Claire.
Golden Rule vs. Mayflower.
Sisquoc vs. Lowlander.
$LSO 88-DOG OPEN STAKE.
Mission-Street Electric Cars Direct.
AT INGLESIDE
AT INGLESIDE
AT INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK
COURSING PARK
COURSING PARK
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
' Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
Admission. 10c: Children, 5c.
Bathing. Including admission. 25c: children 20c.
RAILROAD TRAVEI* ,
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIA.VA BITTKR3. THS
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
itreag-th to sexual organs. Depot. SCI Markeu
MILL VALLEY AND MOUNT TAMALPAI3
• SCENIC RAILWAY— Commencing Sunday.
April 22. 1900 via Sausallto Ferry. Weelc
days— Leav« San Francisco. 3:30 a. rn.. 1:45
p. m. Sundays— Leave San Francisco 8 a. m..
9 a. m.. 10 a. m.. 11 a. m., 1:30 p. m.. 2:30
fi. m. Wednesday. May 40 (Decoration day;,
rains will ran on Sunday time. Tickets can
be purchased at the Sausallto Ferry, north
' end of the Union Ferry Depot, foot of Mar-
ket St.. San Francisco. Fare, round trip from
San Francisco. {1 U
S ...Ta..
I Philadelphia
§ AND RETURN via
I Santa Fe
I Route...
O Tickets Sold June ;
o |2th and 13th good
§ to return 60 days.
| Office, 628 Market St.
CALIFORNIA NOBTflWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRAKCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Poot of MarVot St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:S0. »:00. 11:00 aw m.; 11:88,
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extrrn trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra, trip* at Ml
and 11:30 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:3s,
5:C0. C:20 n. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
¦WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:50. »:20. U:10 a. m. : 11:4S,
»:40. 5:15 p. ra. Saturdays— Extra trip* a*
1:55 and «:33 a m.
8UNDAY8— «:10, »:40. U:10 a. Q.; 1:40. l:*\
5:06. 8:23 o. ra. '¦/
Between Ban Francisco and Bchtxetzan Park
same schedule u abova.
Leave J In Effect. I ArrtT»
San Francisco. [Apr. U. 1900.1 San Ffanctica
Week J Sun- I I Bun- I W*»i
Days. | days, f Destination.! days. I Pays.
7:30 am 8:00 •ml Novatrv 10:40 ami 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30>m Petaluma. 8:06 pmil0:» aa»
5:10 pm 5:00 pm! Santa Rosa. 7:3S pm| 8:» pn
Fulton.
7:30 am Wlpdsor. 13:25 am
Hecddabara;.
Ly tlon.
Geyserville.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:30 paa
7:30 ami I Hopland I 110:25 am
3:30 pml 8:00 ami and LTctah. I 7:35 pm| »:»pg»
.': ¦> am 10:38 am
8:00 am Ouernevllle. 7:33 pm
f:SO pm <:» pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma »:1S am 8:40 am
I and -
t:10pm 8:0OpmfQ1cn Ellen. 8:05 pm t:V> pm
. 7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sevastopol. I 7:35 pm[ 1:20 pm
Statras connect at Santa Rosa for Slark Weal
Srrlnss and White Sulphur Springs: at Fultoo
for Altnirta: at Lytton for Ijytton SprlnijB: at
Geyserville for SVca«s Sprlms: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Spring*. Highland Bprlnr*. Keiseyvtlle, Carts-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy 9prlnrs, Saratora>
Fprtngns. Bine Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Ln)r», Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day"». Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell's.
Panhedrtn Hetrhts. Hullvtlle. Orfs Hot
Springs. Mendoelno City. Fort Brags;. West-
port Usal. Wllllts. Layton-villa. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Seotlav
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlcew. «SO Mark*t st. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RTAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
RORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto perry.
/ Commenclnt; April 12. 1300.
1FRCM 8AN FRAXCISCO TO MILli VA1XBT
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WKEK DATS— T:0O, »8:3O. 9:S0. U:00 •. m.j
12:4J, »1:45. *:13, 4:13, »S:15. «:13. S:40 pu m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Eundaya. at 9:00 and 11:23 p. rn.
SUNDAYS-":W, •8:00. •9:00. •10:00. 11:00, u»
a. m.; 1J:«. •1:30. 2:30. •3:45. 5:00. 1:00. 7:28
p. rn.
11:CO a. m. doea not ran to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Questln.
FROM 3AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:$5. •«:», 7.50, S:40. -lO:!! i,
in.: 1J:JO. 1:15. 2:15. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *«:43 and 10:20 p. m.
6CNDAT8— «:15. »8:C0. •9:30. •ll.-OOa. m.«
m.: l:C0. 1:13. "3:30. 4:20. •5:45. «:43, 7:3^, 10:30
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Queniln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAXCISCO.
WEEK PAYS— 6:S3. «:43. 8:00. 8:53. 10:» a.
m.: 12:35. 1:43, 2:45. 8:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— <:35. 8:05. 19:05, 11:10 a. m.; U:JS»
1:20. 2:S0. 3:45. 4:23. «:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN a
7:00 au m. week day*- -Quadero ajrad way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. ra. Saturdays— Cataflero and way sta-
tions.
5:11 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepteil)—
Point Reyea and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
12:*5 pl ni. Sunday*— Point Reyes and way
TWO= r^l=TRAINS
Knickerbocker
Qn*rt%l Noonday
OJ/CLlul Train From
f NEW YORK.
ct ! niHQ in ) BOSTON,
ol. LUulO IU \ BUpFALO
, ( CINCINNATI.
Via Big Four Route and
New York Central Railway.
JVO TUNNEL AT ST. LOUIS.
NO FERRY AT NEW YORK.
STOP AT NIAGARA FALLS.
WhiteXity
C rtar ,J Q | At 1 p. m.
sjpCUdl From
, CINCINNATI,
(WASHINGTON.
CHICAGO tO ] BALTIMORE.
/PHILADELPHIA.
— x NEW YORK-
Via Big Four Route and
Chesapeake & Ohio Railway.
CARLTON C. CRANE,
Pacific Coast Agent.
fl«rTiiiiR!i rAt'iPio coJirAMT.
(TACiriO UTiTTRM.)
Trnlna Ii>ht* un.l mr tin* to nrrlv* ••
NAN riU!K<:iNCO.
{Main Llr K -. Foot of Market Street)
uati — Fnnii Mat 13, 1900. — *reit«
¦7:00a Benlcl*, Siitaun, Elmira, VacaTlOa,
Ramsey anil S»cramento *7>4Sy
•7:OWa Shanta Exortsa— IHria, Williams (for
Uartlcit Sprlnn). WlUowm. Rod
UluS. Portland. *7i«3r
•7:::» * Martinez, ftau Itamoa, Vallejo, Napa,
Ualistnga ami Santa Roaa *0sl3r
*N:OOa D*»H, Woodland. Knfghta Landing,
M»rj»»ille. (>rc»I!le. «7:l3r
•RiOO* Atlantic Kipress- Ugdeo and Raat *11:43«
•HiUWA Sun Jnse. Lit erinuita. Mtucktiu,
lone, .Sacramento, PlacerrtUe,
M»rynille, Oblco. llett Itlnll MilSr
•HiSOa OakV.alr, Chlneia (for Yosemite).
8iiii>ra.. Carter*. MllSr
'«:OOa IUjvr»nI«. Nilre aod Waf Stations. •! Ii<t3*
*OiiM»» Ioa Annies £zpresa — Martinmt,
Tracy. Latltrop. titocktOD, Merced
and rremo *0i-l3r
•!l::io* V»l|rjo. Martinei and Way Station* *»t ITf
• iihuiiA The Overland Limited— Ocdeo. Den>
Ter, Omaha. Chicago *Sil3r
'•IIsOOa Kilrs, IJTennore. U(ockton. flicra-
meutn. Mendota. llmifor J. Vlialla,
yortertlllB »l:l5r
•l4:on M IUiwardi, Nileiand Way Stations. •tHSf
fl:OOr Sacramento Klfer Steatnen t3:0u*
•:tiOOp llaywards. Miles and Way SUtioas. *3i43p
•l:»ur Marllnvx. Han Itanron. V»II»Jo.
Napa, Uall'togK. Santa llosa •»>!»•
•lioiif Rraicia, Winters, Saeramenia,
Woodland. Kufgtiti I.andlug.
Marisflllo, Ororllle *IO:<la
•4i«o r Nile*, Han Jose aiwl Stockton *7ilSr
: >3>OOrTli» Owl IJirlted— Traey. Fiesno.
i:aker»a»l<l. Maii(us for Santa. Bar-
bara, Lo« Angeles *#i*3a
I *3<O0r Fresno l'asaeogar— Martinet, Lath-
rop. Stock Uia, Merced, Berenda
(Raymond for Yosemite), Fresno. . *l3tltr
•»:3npKew Jrleatu Eipresa-IUkeraH«li|.
Hantn Harbara. l^o* Ancelea. Detu- »¦¦ '
Inf. Kl Paso. New Orleans «nd
Kaat ••«*•¦*
*3i8«p 8anU Fe Route— Atlantic EiprtM
for Mojata ami ICast *«il8p
'OittOp Haynuds. Nile* and .tan Josi *?<-t3*
' IS-.OUr Vaflejo 'ISitap
•«iO»r Oriental M»il— Og.icn. Cbeyena*.
' Oraaba, Chicago *lli«a«
•0:OOp Ort«Dtal Mall— Ofden, Denter,
Omaba, Chicago Miiap
t?iOOp Vallrjo. Port Costa and Way sta-
tions , tSi3.1t
•SiOSp Oregnu and California Kiprrns.Hao-
miieiitn, Marymille. IteiMltiK.
VortU.i.1. 1'iignt MOM...I a.i.t Mast *»«l.1a
COAST III VISION (Narrotf (Jkprc).
(Fwtot Market Streett
t?<4SA Banta Crux F.icursion for -Santa
Cruz and Principal War Stations ISieSr
i *StlBA Newark.C«iiterTtlle,Han Joee.lMton.
ItoiiUItr Cr. fJ(,SanIaOrur.»i>it Way
HUUons •«!*••
t9il5r Newark CenterTllla, fan Jose N«w
Almatleu. Kolton. Itmilder Creek.
Banta Criti and 1'rlnclpal Way
Htatlons t««« ! »»a
•I:l5r Newark, Man Jose, Loe Gatos ••»!¦"»»»
q4i!Sp Gl^nwocxi. Felton. Banta Crnx...... «W;a«A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fnaSH FRmCUCO— ?«t %'. Mirktt 3lrt<t (Sit. S) —
•7:16 »:OO }l:OOt.M. |l:03 -3:83 t3:33
M:03 tB:G3 *«:C3r.u.
ri«si01IU»B-r«l»fBriidwaj.— 'J:M 8:00 10:00*. U.
112:03 "1:C3 13.03 »3:CJ |I:CO '3:33r.M.
' COAST III VISION (ISroailfiance).
- fthlr.l and Townee...! Sts.)
? •¦IO* Ocran View, Month Han FrsDcisco.. t«i3»r
f7:0OA San Jose anil Way Stations (Xe«
Almadcn Wei1ne.4iUj« nnly). *liS9v
t7:U0« Sunday Excursion f • r Ran Josa
Santa Cruz. - Pad He <!ro»» and
"-•»•--¦ Principal Way Stations J»:33»
•»i«»» Ha» Jow, Trm I'i.ios. Hanta Cms.
Paeilie limit, 1'a.io Koblrs. Han
li.iis otiin|.ii, .Surf, Lompoe and
I'rlitcipnl Way SUtliins.. *4il0r
•IO. lo» San Jnse and Way Stations. •KiSJa
*IIi3Oa SanJms,Ix)saatoa<iii<m'arHUtlons *3<»OP
: fi:l»i- 8«n Matro. Itmtwoofl. Mealo Park. .
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara. San. lnee.
.Tree- Pines, Santa Cr.ii, Salinas,
Mouterey and I'aclfle (Jro»» tll»::ifi»
tilslOr San Jose and Way Staltotia ........ '7:.t«i
fliinp San Joseand Principal Way Stations *9: l"»,
t.<:««p 3an Jos*. Los Oatos and Principal
Way Stxtlom f»:«»»
•3>S«»P San Jnee an.1 Principal Way Stations t»iS3«
•0::tOr8an Jnas and WaySUtlona 1»iOOa
«II:-I5r San Joataml Way Stations *?;SOr
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
.¦Dally. t SmirtaT exeepted. t Sunday only
b Saturday only.
. a S»turdiT and Sunday, c Sundav and Monday.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW !
BLADDER CONTEST ON TflE LAKE
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN
AT NIGHT.
Telecboae for seats— Park 21
C'^SOT** ?; e , m8dr o for GonorrhaSf
&'j!yW ialto6 4nya.\a >Vhitc», unnatural i]fj>
SffSg Qar»cw*i Q chargoe, or any infl^^ma,
wpbu not to ttrietura. tion.i irritation or uicerv
t^-^Prfrenu eontasion. tlon et mncouc men*
BfJ^irHEEvANS CkeUICIiRo. branea. Noa-aatriacent.
tem CINCINMTI.O b^*O SoId *»y t^rns^iau^
Vrf^jSk TJ. ".A 3 E ST? r Bent ln Pl»in wrappei,
Koo"o P r Ta«,i 5
™ Clrouuu; mix iManasjc^
visit OR. JORDAN'S great*
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
Q% 1051 tUSZXT ST. tet. 6A47ih, C.F.Cd. A
Ef The Largest Anatomical Museum In tbe \
_^jfl-. World. Weaknesses or any contracted M
nStSri disease po'.WIwrly cjr»<lhy the oldtit T
jJgLjl Spiculiitcii t!it Cout Est-36yaar*
l5Sf^8 Ca -*CHB/U«~I»2IVATE DISEASES £
§;(?pTJF» Co.nulution frcr: and strrtly private
| jbStig'ff T n itmeni personally r>r by letter. Ai I
Q if *3 W >*»•'"¦• CWo in every case undertaken. '
Lm/ \\S* w nte tor Bock. PHII.OSOl'O'Eul /
¦ I! 11*1 iianniACE, mailed preb. ;a!
Jt It. valualjle booh for mrnf
nit. .!(»B»AS4<O., 1051 Market St., S. F. I '
A Blest Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
• to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to Ail Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the institute has decided to distribute
free trial packapes to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
surfer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculff.rly grateful
effect of "warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute, 328 Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
apes wiil be complied with promptly. The
Institute Is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
It is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package, sq
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
ADVEETISEMENTS.
AltUBEMEITTg.
Week -Opening
Ere, lumuni Coin5d
\ imi \- Season
Dnnnfi &H T ic o ?.r- i
UUHIIU VU- : Creation of
: : chas. H. hoyt. :
Ryleiys j
All-Star 1 Lfli^r
Cast,! a
Matthews & Bulger. •
Walter Jones. ' « . . ., — . » -
Moude Courtney. j L'rlUOrl
Bessie Tannehlll. • JJJ*
Marlon Gunning. " Juk
Ethel Kirwan. I
Gertrude 'Wood. • tf P
The Hlg-ht Mascots, ; M M
English Dancing Girls. .
The 1'ony Ballet and ; JT
Wiseman's Male Sere-. Jg
nailers.
A Large and KfficientT _ •_« _ . , ,
Chorus. • LMLUjH
FULI^ OF FURIOUSLY FUNNY FEATURES.
w^'laiJa SOiFa *******
r? "V nr I3» £\ MATINEE
*— 'S*±- ir^J-t. >VED.NUSDAY.
Owing to the Immense Demand for Seats
SPECIAL MATINEE WEDNESDAY
Will be given In addition to the regular Satur-
day Matinee.
5§£Si». MONDAY
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
N C. MAX1NE
GOODWIN ELLIOTT
In Their Greatest Success, '
WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE
BY H. V. ESMOND.
Last performance takes place Saturday night.
MONDAY, JUNE 11 KELLAIt
UNION COURSING PARK,
TO-DAY .... SUNDAY, JUNE 3
ONE HUNDRED and FOUR DOGS
WIX.L COURSE
—in the—
CLASSICAL
Open J5take !
One Thousand Dollars in Prizes.
-
Music by Von der Mehden's Band.
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets,
10:15 a, m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and
i J p. m.; Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets five minutes later. Returning
at 4:45 p. m. and after last course.
San Mateo electric cars every six
minutes.
ADMISSION 25c7~LADIES FREE.
PHONE MAIN 632.
LAST NIGHT OF THE SEASON.
LAST NIGHT OF ITS GRRATEST SUCCESS,
RICE'S FAMOUS EXTRAVAGANZA,
"1492 1"
Commencing Matinee SUNDAY NEXT. June 10,
The New York Farce-Comedy Furor,
THE GIRL FROM CHILI !
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Branch .Ticket Office Emporium.
¦JBfSi£feffl&
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY.
THIS SUNDAY NIGHT LAST TIME.
"A SUPERFLUOUS HUSBAND "
TO-MORROW. Monday Night and Every Even-
Ing Thereafter, WlthMatlnee Saturday.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In a Spectacular Production of
SAPHO!
SEATS BIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
O£< lflViJPIJ\ coi£ mJi son
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
Engagement Extraordinary,
TRIXED^,
The Talented and the Beautiful.
HARRY HOLMES,
And HI» Wonderful Doc, "DANDY."
MABEL LB CLAIR,
Operatic Soprano.
And Our Celebrated Stock Compjvny.
MATINEE EVERY- . SUNDAY.
¦ AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAT. ¦
- ADMISSION FREE.
MSeHER'tj
JL CONCERT HOUSE Kf
' 122-124 O'FARRELL STREET.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
; Week : Beginning Monday, June 4:
GREAT LAMBARDI OPERA" QUARTET AND
SIG. ABRAMOFF In NILE SCENE from
"AIDA"
AND SCENE FROM
"MIGNON"
SIIS8 CONSTANCE MARTINI
„, r' In Tyrolean . Sonrs. - K
LJN A LUCAS. Singing: and Dancing: Soubrette,
..¦v;- And ; :
HINRICHB' : UNRIVALED , ORCHESTRA t
ADMISSION; 10c; Reserved Scata, 25c.
AMUSEMENTS.
"All I Wantls^
A Little BiUffi the Top."
TO-MORROW Begins
THE SECOND WEEK
Of ths Romantic Comic Opera Success,
"THE
THREE
GUARDSMEN!"
Presented with an Unrivaled Cast I
Powerful Chorus and Symphony Orchestra I
A Wealth of Scenery and Costumes !
Evsnlngs at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
REAPPEARANCE of the Popular Favorites,
Edwin Stevens and Anna Lichter
Together with the Entire Company,
On MONDAY, JUNE II,
In a Sumptuous Revival cf tha Ccmic Opera,
"MADELEINE,"
Or "THE MAGIC KISS."
PMCEst! 25 aDd 50 CeIltS
TELEPHONE, BUSH 9.
TtATT.-Rf>AT> TBAVZEw
EaAiii^A^ h =vULUdAOlJr»iil7tANUrn. r t\5. 1^1
tag eA I a_ nw/sA W F . . : —.--»¦• — r^-^.i. .-.. - ' ; r; v £l
3 Distinct RouTESlff^^K^el^O^aLiB^^B
MagniF' c& America. mj&
Sleeping Cars l ""' • •t'uiulduU \ANDCHICAGO Changh. %|^^
Plfi tlPANHF IS THE 0NLY TRANSCONTINENTAL LINE PASSING M^S
mltii .Tit, DIRECTLY THROUGH SALT LAKE CITY, iffl/f/Im
WESTERN KY.LEADVILLE. COLORADO SPRINGS $M///f/in
AMD DENVER - k'linJIlik
Fob Pates, descriptive* matter src. inqu.'PE cf
GEOVVHEINTZ F.W.THOMP3ON , Gen? /?yen/-. -~~* s^ s:^^?^iQ
Gen'i Pon-r A?/. 62f A//Jff#Cr Jr., Pdfoce tfofe/. .
SALT LAKE CITY' S/IAS fP
SAN FRANCISCO OMAHA
Inning SUNDAY MATINEE, JUNE 3.
JOE HART'S VAUDEVILLE COMPANY
AND ORPHEUM STARS.
... .VAUDEVILLE AT ITS HIGHEST PERFECTION....
',~-':V Most Important Engagement of the Season. f
\ JOSEPH HART AND CARRIE DE MAR/
IN "A CLOSE SHAVE." X
Iv'-^I'fet' An original sketch by Joe Hart. New. novel and finishing
with the latest vaudeville novelty.
* C • \ "THE WELLINGTON-NAPOLEON HAHNEN-KAMPF." X
1 FLEURETTE AND FRANK GARDINER
I Presenting "AN EVENTFUL DAY," a Musical Comedy.
\ MR. AND MRS.JIMMIE BARRY, /
Character Sketch Artists. f
/ MISS LILLIAN BURKHART \
X In an Absolutely New and Pretty Comedietta,
X "her soldier boy." \.
X/ \//\ i>ir"s>*v r
XX Europe" s Greatest Juggler.
/r\ MID8LEY AND CARLISLE ~ MI6NAN1 FAMILY,
Xr i n a n Original Rural Comedy. The Musical Barbers.
\ AMERICAN BIOGRAPH! /
With L>atest Views From African Battlefields. f
.... MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY, JUNE 3....
Parquet 25 cents, any seat; Balcony, 10 cents; Children. 10 cents, any part.
A few front Orchestra rows, reserved, 50 cents: front rows of Balcony, reserved, 25 cents.THE SAN FRANCISCO OAJL.JL, SUNDAY, J.UJSJfi/3,. ,1DUO.
28
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALB.
SITUATION wanted by seamstress and walt-
tress; city or country; $25 per month: 3 Co-
operative Home. 4 Vernon place, off Haw-
thorne st-
COMPETENT • woman wishes a situation to
do general housework and cooking; wages $C0
to $25; city or country; no postals. 1020 How-
ard st., room 33.
HOUSEKEEPER by neat elderly American
woman, with references: fond of children:
good cook and laundress; wages from $li) to
$12. Call 250 Tehama st.
SITUATION wanted by a reliable woman to
clean up doctor's office. Box 4351, Call offlce.
REFINED lady going East will care for chllo>
dren or invalid for transportation. Box 4352,
Call office.
AGREEABLE Intelligent widow desires posl-
tlon aa companion. Address K.. box 25. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
housekeeping or upstairs work. Call 70 Third.
COMPETENT reliable person wishes position
as housekeeper or general work: Americans;
where there are no children: references; sal-
ary $15 to $30. Call or Address, F.. 713 Golden
Gate ave.
YOUNG lady wishes position aa saleslady; not
experienced. Box 4354. Call offlce.
YOUNG girl wishes work In offlce or store.
Address box 4355, Call offlce.
RELIABLE Protestant, Eastern lady of re-
finement desires position as housekeeper or
companion where she can have full charge:
will go any distance. Address 51S Twentieth
St.. Oakland.
YOUNG married woman with 2 little girls aged
1 and 3 years wishes a position to take en-
tire chargo of house during owner's absence;
object, good home; best of reference. 2111
Flllmore st.
SITUATION as companion to sick lady or
chamberwork. Address box 17S6, Call offlce.
GIRL 16 years; speaks English. Italian. Span-
ish; understands French; desires position as
nurse m private family. 725 Sansome st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Th.rd st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $«
week: convenient and respectable; fre«» 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 1200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisement and
subscriptions has been established at l^S Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
PAINTER, paperhanger and tinter, with 'com-
plete outfit of fal!s, staging, etc.. wants work
by day or contract; country preferred; Is first-
class up-to-date mechanic: satisfaction guar-
anteed. Address "PAINTER." care J. L.
HAMILTON, Point Reyes station.
VVOUNG mam wishes a situation as bartender;
no objections to small town; no experience.
L. L. JESSUP, 1157 Kentucky St.. S. F.
WANTED— Situation taking care horses, gar-
dening, etc.; gnod driver and all-around man.
Address box 4340. Call offlce.
COACHMAN, single, thorough experience, and
man about place; sober; not afraid of work:
many years with same employer; best refer-
ences. Address LOUIS. 863 Mission st.
GERMAN man and wife want positions on a
ranch or private place; wlfa Is first-class cook:
man Is good all-around worker. Address 745
Howard st.
A POSITION wanted by an experienced fore-
man on fruit, grain or stock farm; thoroughly
understands farming In all Its branches. Ad-
dress E. T. BROWN, Call offlce. Oakland.
AN exjyerfenced bookkeeper and general offlce
assistant, trustworthy and reliable, age 24,
wishes position with established firm; refer-
ence from I late employer. Address box 4313.
Call. .
WANTED— Young man wishes position as as-
sistant bookkeeper, bill clerk or other posi-
tion, with good reliable house; good refer-
ences^
YOUNG man with some experience desires po-
sition as barkeeper or assistant, some old es-
tablished saloon. Address box 4311, Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady work In
country town. Box 4315, Call office,
GOOD jobbing blacksmith and sheer wishes a
situation: reasonable wages. Address F. A.
M.. box 16, Call offlce.
JAPANESE very young boy wants a position
as school boy In nice family; speaka English
well. Add. GEORGE XOFE. 19 Franklin St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore-st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109$ Va-
lencia Ft. . -
CHEAPEST and' best in America— The. Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States o- Canada one year for $1.
EXCHANGE.
MOST desirable country house on main street
of Cloverdale; large lot; would exchange for
city or surrounding property. MRS. E. C.
"WHEELER. 1633 Fifteenth st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071H Market st.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall, 50c. Phone- Mint 257.
JFLA.TS TO LET.
100 FLATS, cottages, etc. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st.
SOS McAllister; F;6r$23: 53 Tremont av; C;8r$2C
1214A Scott: F; 4 r..$10 703% Webster; F; 4r *2(
120 William: F; 3 r.$10 522i,i Fell; F; 3 r $13
604 Buchanan: F; 4r*12 331 Eddy; F; 4 r $2C
A— NW comer Sutter and Scott; finest fiat In
city for the price; Investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated If seen.
A — 2 UPPER sunny modern flats. 5 and i
rooms, bath each. 973 and 975 Golden Oate.
A— ELEGANT 7- room flat; modern improve-
ments.. 2410 Sacramento st., near Webster.
A — 7-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvements. 417^3 Third st.
A FLAT of 7 rooms and bath; rent $30. 819
Union St., near Powell-st. cars.
ALL bright flats. 4 and 5 rooms, bath. 1042
and 1044 Sacramento St.. below Mason.
BRYANT, 902, cor. Seventh— -4-room flat, cheap;
between 1 and 3 p. m.
CHESTNUT, 733, above Taylor— Six rooms and
bath; large yard; fine marine view.
COMFORTABLE 4 rooms, yard; isa flat 6
rooms, near Mall dock. Key 623A Second st.
COZY flat 3 rooms; rent $10. 26 Reed St.; key,
1325 Washington st., near Jones — -
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath: piano: $20. GEO.
W. II. PATTERSON & CO., 1706 Market st.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; with or without
stable. 1619 O'Farrell.
FRANKLIN, 525, near McAllister— Lower flat.
• 8 rooms: cheap.
GEARY. 813%— Modern flat of 7 rooms and
bath; rent $35; water free. Apply L. c.
BABIN. 413 Kearny st.
HAIGHT, 459, near Flllmore— Flat 4 sunny
rooms, basement, laundry; J12.
HAIQHT, 623— Elegant almost new flat. 7 rooms
and bath; very reasonable to steady tenants.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
METCALF pi., off Geary, bet. Mason and Tay-
lor — 4 room9 and bath.
MINNA. 1006, west from Eleventh— Upper flat
of 6 rooms; hot and cold water; bath; gas-
rent with water. $16.
MISSION. 1513. near Eleventh — 6 sunny rooms
bath, laundry, yard: rent $13. * *
NICE sunny upper fiat, 4 rooms, $10. 113 Third
street. ¦¦
PAGE, 1614—5 rooms, upper.' etc.; noiseless;
sunny; at Park; $20. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
PEARL, 27, off Market, near Valencia— Lower
and upper flats; rent $3 and $7.
SEVENTH. 46, opposite new Postofflce— Flat of
4 sunny rooms; rent low.
UPPER fiat. 9 rooms and bath. 1120 B Turk
st... near Laguno.
VALLEJO. 910&— Upper flat. 6 rooms, bath;
laundry: garden: large cellar; complete. Key
at No. 9CS^: rent $20. .
WALLER, 312— Four modern rooms; bath, cel-
lar and yard. 1
$7— SMALL rear sunny flat. 70C Laskle St.. ofl
Mission, between Eighth and Ninth.
$14—5 ROOMS and bath. 1713 Leavenworth st.
$17— FOUR furnished rocms and bath; toilet: 2
beds ; gas and coal stoves. 1917 Geary, st.
$22 50— MODERN' upper 5-room flat. 125 Ash
ave.. bet. Van Ness. Polk. Fulton. McAllister.
FLATS TO LET— .FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat— A sweetly furnished, sunny
flat, near Jackson and Devlsadero sts.: will
rent from June 15 to July 31; no children.
Particulars 420 Montgomery st.. room 14.
CORNER furnished Cat. 7 rooms, bath and
basement: all sunny: special Inducements for
. long lease. Apply 1900 Devlsadero. 2 to 4 p. m.
FURNITURE of partially furnished sunny 7-
room corner flat for sal?; flat to rent; near
Park. Address box 4313. Call office.
FLATS AV ANTED.
"WANTED— To rent, nicely furnished cottage or
flat in Mission, beginning August L Box
4231, Call of flea-
CAItPET BEATINO AND CLEANING.
j^^^^ -, : — :£Umm< »
WHEN you become I disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and. Dyeing Co..
342-3U McAllister St.; phone South 146.
J, E. . MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st. ; tel.t Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet Eeatlng Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 8th st.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.. tel. South 223; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 334. OEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 12S.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
' GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LI3T.
WELL-FURNISHED sunny cottage, 7 rooms,
bath." garden, stable; put In perfect order. Ap-
ply 2118 Union st., 11 to 5 o'clock; cheap rent
COTTAGE, 5 rooms, $15. Broad place, off Bush
St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
COTTAGE of 3 large sunny rooms; large yard.
118 Flllmore st.
COTTAGE-, 3 rooms; rent $3 50. 3S33 Twenty-
fifth st. -
HAWTHORNE, 114— Furnished cottage, 25.
VASSEROT place, 7, off Geary, near Larkjfl—
Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath: rent $20;
water free. Apply L. C. BABIN, 413 Kearny.
$S — NEAT cottage, 4 rooms and yard. 1703 Turk
st.. near Scott.
FURNISHED COTTAGE.
FURNISHED cottage of 5 rooms and bath for
3 or 4 months; $20; references. 217 Third ave.,
Richmond.
COTTAGES AVAXTED.
WANTED— Cottage, modern, good condition
and location, 6 or 7 rooms, across bay; $1000
cash, remainder deferred payments: give lo-
cation and price. Box 4301, Call office.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket et., cor, 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
|3 SO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
flce hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. G. W.. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. ex- *
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, 12; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received S first
prizes ; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5: gold crowns, $3; new"
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver, 50c; painless extraction. 50c: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 9«9 Mission, cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates a/e
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental CarlKr, 235 Kearny, cor, Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. II. G. YOUNO.
,1841 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELTB C. P. dog soap creates a
smooth, silky coat: for sale by all druggists
or at the hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.
DR. BUZAItD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 73c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wants a few more
engagements by the day. Box 4325, CalL
MCDOWELL'S is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles* tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post.
Miia REMBERT. E30 Sutter St., dressmaking
Bchpol: any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
Fsrench tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary st.; dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit,
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Mofl'att.
EDUCATIONAL.
A-GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools, Par-
rott building: Gallagher. IS years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr, expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't; a school con-
ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post rt., S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, languages.' telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
SELECT dancing school — Prof. Bothwell
Browne, ballet master; novelty stage dances,
toe dancing a specialty; children's class Sat-
urday afternoons. 622 McAllister, nr. Franklin.
ALL students but two taklns full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BCSI-
NESS COLLEGE, I23fi Market st.
AYRES 1 , the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket Et. ; life scholarship, $50; Includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day &eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st. ;
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches: nosltlons secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day. eve. : est. 1S8I.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 803 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
S. F. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session
begins June 11: catalogue upon application.
M. L. PANCOAST. Secretary. 510 Golden Gate.
GUITAR, piano, mandolin lessons 50c: mo ex-
¦ ercises. MARY P. WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth st.
.
SUPERIOR violin, zither, cultar, banjo, man-
dolin lessons 60c. W. P. Chambers, 204 Swtter.
PIANO lessons given by lady, $3 month; use of
piano dally for practice. 216 Minna st.
PROF. MERKI. successful teacher of mandolin,
¦ violin and (rultnr. 100S Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladies and gentlemen. O. SInz, 36 Geary, r. 34.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A-XjAPANESE-CHINESE r Contractor and Em-
ployment Offlce furnishes best laborers and
' domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4334.
A — MOST reliable Japanese . and Chinese em-
ployment offlce: established over five years.
421 Post st. ; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter ; tel. Black5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment | Office;
best hfelp furn.: tel. John 2121. S06V4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411'j O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — KEMALK.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation;
also first-class German cook. 3 years . last
place. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.-
YOUNG lady of refinement, speaking English,
Spanish and some French, wishes position as
companion: willing to be useful; best refer-
ences. Box 4337. Call offlce.
HOUSEWORK and cooking by a competent,
neat and reliable woman. Call Sunday or
Monday at 214 Fifth st.
GOOD . laundress -wishes washing, to do at
home. 515 McAllister st. ; entrance Ash ave.
EXPERIENCED, reliable nurse, with refer-
¦ ences, for -invalid or Infant. Box 1752, Call.
YOUNG lady, thorough musician, wishes posi-
tion In family to give daily- piano Instruc-
tion for board and room. Box 4332, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED young lady desires offlce work
as assistant bookkeeper; good reference. Ad-
. dress MISS W.. 503 Franklin st.
YOUNG lady desires work In small private
family; home' treatment expected. Write X
I Y.. box 4326, Call office.
LADY with a little .girl 4 years wants situation
for general housework and cooking; no ob-
jection to the country. Call IIS Clara st.
YOUNG .woman wishes a position as nurse-
best reference; wages $25. . Please address
2C0 Stevenson st.
YOUNG woman -; wishes position as cook or
housework: : city or country. Please address
260 , Stevenson st.
POSITION by young lady as stenographer and
typewriter; good references; moderate wages
Address box 4343. Call offlce. *
MIDDLE-AGED German woman; situation as
working housekeeper; is good cook and laun-
dress; country preferred. Call or address 817
• Mission st.
REFINED English girl wishes position as nur-
sery governess: willing. to travel or care for !
- invalid; experienced' in nursing; excellent ref-
erences; $25. Address by postal, 10 Willow av.
MEETING NOTICES.
AT the Metropolitan. Temple, Wednesday even-
ine. June 6. there will be a grand organ, vloiin
and sons recital, with a lecture by M. Israel
Pryce, A. M., LL. D., member of the London
Society of Psychical Research, upon the sub-
ject, "The Immortality of the Soul." Synopsis
of lecture: 1. Earliest conception of soul
among primitive peoples; 2. The Egyptian
doctrine of Immortality; 3, The Hebrew doc-
trine; 4. The doctrine of the church; 5, Plato
and the Stoics; 6, The co-eternlty and co-
equality of spirit and matter being essential
to the existence of the cosmos; 7, Have ani-
mals sculs? A. O. Eckman, organist: Maurice
Rose, violinist: Miss C. Ersklne. contralto.
Admission 2,*c and £Cc. Half of the proceeds
will be given to the India famine fund. Tick-
ets for Bale at the Emporium until Tuesday
evening.
THE Co-operative Brotherhood, TUESDAY
EVENING, 117 Larkln St.— Henry Harrison
Brown, "Co-operation and the Golden Rule."
TIIK California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to m;ne by the hydraullo
tirocees from Robert Hill, in the Gardners
Point rrlne. near Port "Wine. Sierra County,
to deposit tailings in Sawmill Ravine; from
Charles HIHon, In the Dry Gulch placer mine,
near Plensant Valley. El Dorado County, to
deposit tailings in Clear Creek; from L. Foss,
In the Woodchuck mine, in Gold Lake Mining
lllrtrict. Sierra County, to deposit tailings In
Woodchuck P.avlne, and from the Golden Hill
Mlnlug Company, in the Golden Hill mine,
nes»r Powelltcn. Butte County, to deposit tail-
ings In a ravine, civts notice that a meeting
will be held Rt room C9, Flood building. San
Francisco. Cal.. on June 11. 1S00. at l:J0 p. m.
AGENTS WASTED.
JI5C0 CAN be made during next 6 months by
hustling agents handling our white and fancy
rubber ollars, cuff3. bosoms, neckties; patent-
ed guaranteed groove; inclose stamp for spe-
cial plan. M. & M. Mfg. Co.. Sprlngneld. Mass.
LADIKS— Sell latest patent skirt supporter and
waist holder; can be carried in pecket; practi-
cal, useful, cheap; fiamrle free, DAVIES
MFG. CO.. 2D3 Dearborn s-t., Chicago.
FREE— Lady agents wanted for best toilet pre-
parations made: highly profitable; established
IE years; S10 worth goods frofe. E. SHARL'M
MFG. CO., CO V.'est 2M St., New York.
LADY agents— If you want the best money
makers pet the Hygeia Electric Corsets and
skirts: the star.dani for Zi yeans. Address ,
WESTERN CORSET.. CO.. Bt. Louis. Mo.
AN honest proposition for a good man or
woman. Boom S64. Parrott building.
ASTROLOGY
PKOF. A. MASERY of Egypt, greatest astrol-
cgiet and palmist In the world; satisfaction :
guaranteed 1 . 13 Powell 5t.
ATTOKAEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without 6ucce«s: collections. O. W.
HOWE. any. at law, SJO Market, cor. Stockton.
R. \V. KING, t-27 Market St., room 627; all
cases; no advance charges; call or write.
ADVICE free; no eh.irg* unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, >27 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 827 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
It 4. I'll CAttUKBX HOT A1K. VAl'Oil.
ROBINSON J5 4-|:anel folding; door opens; firm
and safe. W. S. UROWN. gen, agt.. 426 Ellis.
I1ELGIA.V HARES,
ANNOUNCEMENT OF SPECIAL SALE.
40 thoroughbred pedigreed Joes of good strains,
standard weight, tred to first-class bucks
(quite a number of them bred to our imported
bucks), at a uniform price of III) each.
Also 25 heavy weight does, bred and with
Httere, thoroughbred, pedigreed and fin* stocit.
at $10 each, cr 3 for $'.'5; or will sell 3 of these
of different strains, bred to different bucks,
ard a fine heavyweight buck th months old,
for S20 for the four.
FV>r country orders we will crate jona aellver
t. o. b. Ean Francisco, for above prices
LORD EDINBORO (Imp.); fee $25 00
L-UKE OF CLARENCE (imp.); fee $15 00
WANTAGE GAME COCK Ump.); fee.... $10 00
Sir Lursan (Imp.): fee *10 W
Sir Edlnl>oro (iznp.): fee $10 00
Fashoda Clyde (imp.); fee $10 00
Prince Adolphus (imp.); fee $10 00
And twenty other bucks at fee of $10.
EDINBORO. DUKE OF CLARENCE, SIX-
TEEN TO ONE and LONDON SURPRISE
youngsters, 2 monthe and over, from our own
grand imported does, at 125 each.
¥m\\ line of Ka.btnt Supplies of all kinds.
V.'rite for our new hare manual; very com-
plete: mailed free.
Visitors welcome. Open dally until 9 p. m.
SAN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO..
BAM C. HAMMOND. Manager.
Rabbitry— 1C10 Ehotwell Et.
Ofllcg— Spreckels Market.
EPECIA"L SALE.
Commencinj to-morrow, we will sell 10 head
of good, thoroughbred, pedigreed doea of good
Etrainp. bred to order, for $10 each; also 15
thoroughbreds of popular strains, bred to our
Yukon .Star, scoring tVii. for $15 each; also 10
first-class does of popular strains, bred to our
Young I»r1nce. con of Lord lirltain, Ecorlns
S4V«. ior S-0 each.
Also £ cf the very highest standard pedl-
jfreed does, scoring not less than 93, bred to
our famous Gold Uritain, scorinff So. for $20
each.
Country orders a Fpeclalty.
We are etill at 735 Market St.. but have
partly secured more commodious quarters on
McAllister Et.. where we will move In a few
Cays, due notice of which will be given In this
Pai * r ' LAUREL DELL RABBITRY.
_2 II. E. PYDL'RN & CO-
CLIMAX RABBITRY.
i'j2 Emerson St., Palo Alto.
1324 Market St., Ban Francisco.
We have moved from Los Angeles the entire
stock of the Climax Rabbitry. At Palo Alto
¦we have one of the largest and best equipped
rabbltriee In the State. We axe prepared to
fill any kind cf an order for either domestic or
lir-rorted Etock. I
We are the owners of FashocSa Lad (Imp.
sen of Chair.pion Fashoda). he scores 8i»i;
Cheshire Kinir (imp.), score 95.
We have also otner bucks from leading
rtr&irse, scoring from 90 to S5.
Our stud fees are from $5 to J25.
We can furnish Belgians with guaranteed
pedigrees from £2 DO up.
Mail orders solicited; satisfaction guaran-
teed. Oi>en evenings md Sund&ye.
TWO Belgian hare* at breeders' prices
At Slarket-st. Rabbitry. W. C. Bentham, Prop.
IS 22 Market Et., Ban Francisco, Cal.
Doea, youn*.
- Does, bred.
Does -with litters.
~~~ EE ~
CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIATION
Capital stock J25.0CO.
Any rra£e or strain of animal you want.
From $5 to $S0O.
If not as represented your money refunded.
W« have a fine lot of Belgian Hare Capons,
from Jl L0 to $2 each, all in prime condition
for the table.
GEORGE A. YOUNG, Manarer.
Alameda, Cal.
RAINIER Rabbitry. 37<3 23d St., 8. F.— Nicely
marked Klondike Nugget does, bred to a grand
Sir Styles buck at $S and $10; other well-
pedigreed bred docs at $7; higher class does,
bred or with litters, at reasonable prices.
Rainier (by Lord Britain). Red Styles and
other cood bucks at Ftud.
Mall orders a specialty.
STRIKE WHILE THE IRON IS HOT.
We want reliable parties in every city In the
United States to represent us; will sell stock
at lese than market value and breed all does
to lmr>ort.e<1 bucks free of charge. Write
GREAT BRITAIN BELGIAN HARE CO.,
Importers, 1- 12 South Main 6L, Los Angeles,
Cal. .-._
SAN RAFAEL Belgian Hare Association— Im-
porters ami breedere of pedigreed Belgian
hare*; Faehoda, Lord Britain, Yukon, Xon-
parell. Lord Kitchener, Lord Liverpool strains*
I.*>rd BiitaJn youngsters 10 weeks old, $18; Sir
Styles youngsters 11 weeks old. $S; correspond-
ence solicited. P. O. box 406, San Rafael, Cal.
:.W. .....BELGIAN HARE
We raise our own hare
Remember we will be at our present place of
business till June IS. As this is simply an
advertisement of our Riverside Rabbitry we
will sell at from 15 to 35 per cent off on all
stock, the finest as well as the cheapest:
ij.ll strains. Does S3 £0 up, bucks Jl 50 up, till
June IS only; open evening*. 27 Valencia st.
THOROUGHBRED Belgian does, bred to Royal
Sovereign, $10 to $10; to Emperor of Norfolk,
*20 to $30; 'to AJax (highest-scoring buck In
America). $39 to $j0: youngsters, all strains, 6
weeks, $2 tO; 10 weeks. $3 60; S months, $5 and
$7 M. Keryood P.abbltry. £30 14th St.. Oakland.
GOT to co East about July 1; have litter, six
Trlnldarts. $15; litter, 6 Fashoda Boys. $15;
Sir Styles (direct) litter. 7, $1£: Lord Lurgan
does, 115. nearly 4 months old; buck by Cham-
pion Dash, nearly 4 months old, $17 50. 819
Kohler st., Los Angeles. . - - . '
HERE IB A CHANCE TO BEGIN RIGHT.
Two good pedigreed does, bred to fine bucks,
and a ll.e buck; the 3 for $10; write for par-
ticulars..
PJ VA L RABBITRY.
1023 East Twenty-seventh St..
- ¦ Los Angeles, Cal.
CLAREMONT Belgian Hare Association— Does
bred to Fashoda Prince and Royal Rochdale,
$10 to $1-0; best strain- youngsters, $2 to $15.
4S1S Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Saa Francisco
Call, comer cf Market and Third streets, open
BStU 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; cptn until 9:30 p. m.
?00 Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
C? McAllister street^ open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkln street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
1541 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
HjSI Missies etrec-t. comer Sixteenth; opea fta-
t'l 9 p. :••¦--
JOS Eleventh etreet: open uatl'. S p. a.
1C-06 Valencia etreet: open until i p. m.
NorthtveEt corner Twenty-second and Kea-
tucky streets; rpen until 9 p. m.
encuen seuvices^
ETTCOND ITNITARIAN Church, corner of
Tv.-ect'eth -and Capp ets. — Rev. E. M. S. Hod-
gin, pastor (residence. £00 Capp Bt_). 10 a. m.,
fcunfiay school; 11 a. m., morning pennoa, sub-
ject, "The rSodern Church." Music In morn-
ing, trio (violin, 'cello and organ) from
"Fs.u«f (Gounod); vocal duet, "Ave Maria'
<Salnt-Sae«E); violin duet. * Larco" (from
concerto) (Bach): soprano solo, •'With Ver-
dure Ciaxl" (Hcydn). 7:O p. in.. "Flower
SuniJcy." Exercises by the children of the
guTida-y echool. Visitors cordially welcomed.
All seats free.
CALVAKY PRESBYTERIAN Church, cor-
ner cf Powell aad Geary sts.— Ilev. John
Hexcphill, D. D., pas-tor, will preach at 11
' a_ «. end 7:45 p. m. Topic, evening. •¦Cliris-
t!ar.ity In Its OrlKin, lncrerjse tni Effects.
¦The jBacrajnent of the Lord's Supper Will be
tbEcrvcd at the close cl*ihe morning 6emce.
All are cordially invited.
ET. PAIL'S Church, Ctilfcrnia ft., near Fill-
more— Itev. W. M. Rei:iy. rectrr; I'.ev. A. C.
Wilson, assistant. Holy communion. 7:39 a.
m'.; Sunficy school, S:CO a. m.; litany sermon
ar.d holy communion. 11 a. m.; evening prayer
" ET.d seirr.on. JAZ. Music by fct. Paul's vesiea
quartet and chorus choir. ,
I*IKiST CONGREGATIONAL. Ciurch. corner
Post and Mason sts.— Ilev. George C. Acaffif,
X>. D., paster. Services at 11 a. rn. and 7:4a
p m. Kt-v. Dr. Ncrtcn of San Diego will
Iireacii et both services. AU are cordially in-
vlted. !
TB-KXTT Church, ccrr.er of Kuth _nl Gough j
Pts.— I'.ev. Frederick \V. Clampe.t, rector. D.
Xj Iio!y MtsBXC-foa, 8 a. m. and 11 a. m. ,
Mrrr.Ing sen-Ice. II a. rn. and eve_lr.g prayer.
I p. rr.. The rector will preach. ;
WEST FIDE Christian Church. Bush it.. ne_r
Ihrvjsadero— Preaching far the pastor, Walter
M. White; subject, 11 a. m.. "Joy in TriaJs ;
f p. rr.., worship ar.i eermon: Eur.day-tchool at
D:SO a. m.: Y. 1'. S. C. E. 7 p. m.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Cenral
block, £._ Sutter ft., bet. Kearny and Grant
eve.— Chrlsti_n Science B'ble lesson at 11 a.
tn ' eufe-'t. "God. the Preserver of Man."
£un£ay school for children at the laai hour.
Wedcerday evening meeting; at S> o'clock.
Tree reading-room. SC* Keaxcy et., room E10.
All welcome.
CirUF.CH ci Jesua Christ cf Latter-day Saints—
Services 11 a. m. _ud 7:45 p. m. at Pythian
Hall. S3 Market et.. Sunday. June 3; Elder
Jamee Sorer.son will address the evening con-
_T*ration en the subject. "VTas Joseph Smith
Called cf God?" All are welcome.
_TII3 r"!rst Divine Science Church — M. Dl Cra-
mer raster. Discourse at 11 a- ni. by Mrs-
Josephine R. Wilson. Services every Sunday
fit Home College, S3C0 Seventeenth e_, b«-
fween Mission and Valencia.
ASSOCIATION Ha:i, Mason _nd' / nllls at*.—
ile"t!ng for men only this _flternoon at 3
o'clock. Adflresa by Chaplain TV. G. Isaacs
of the United States ship Pensacola. Sub-
ject. "Master or Servar.t- Which?" Beata
free ar.d all your.r men Invited.
6USOAT Lecture Association— By special re-
quest Mr. Mills will deliver his lecture en
"The Social Problem and Proprarr.ine," Met-
ropolitan Temple, 7:30 p. m. Sln^lns by quar-
tet—Mrs. Cr_?r.?r. Mr*. Stevens. Mr. Wilkie.
Dr. Brown. Cuncert next Thursday evening.
TirE Theosophlcal Society— Public lectures
every Sur.dcy erenJuj at S o'clock in Theo- {
ropbie-Kall, O«i<5 Fr-'.low's baU-t-g. To-night.
•The Web of D»stiny," by a eyisposluxa.
GoliSen Chain> Group et U a. m. %
3IEETI.\GS — 8DDAY.
riRST Mental Bcier.ce Temple meets at 2
o'clock p. rr.. to-<iay. Golden Gate Hall, C25
Futter st. Subject. "Prayer an* Self-cul-
mre," Clara roltz. president. Public Invited. ,
A— DR. TUNES' Spiritual Society. 9W Market.
II and 8 free, 1:30 We: Mrs. Seeley. Virears.
Bailey lir. Anhold. Har.son: ail tests. Spir-
itual aia nu-€ts at 4:C0; all members; others.
PKOF. GEE. Fplritual test n:e€t:ns: Prof. Dove.
phrenoicf.ioai readers to-nlRht. R. U. Hall,
__3 Miss-cr. et.. near 7th; a/lrr.iEE'.on 10c.
SIRS. GILLINGHAM'S Eriritual test meeting
¦¦ I'-.thlar. Castle. :>M llarket; S p. m. ; br.ng
sealed qur-stloEs; assisted by 2 mediums; 10c.
!MT13 A. E. HROWnn. r^yrhlc readlng-s; min-
ing' a e^ecU^y. 22 ; >Vi McAllister ft.; hours, 2
to I an"i 7 '-¥ 9 p. in.
AT M-s TherhanJi's Teir.r!* of Truth: spiritual
left mee-U.-.ir tr.-nlsh_ _S # Twenty-second Ft..
corner Partlett.
FPIHIT ref.;m demenptrated. 117 L&rkln Ft.,
i p. n_; Mesdames Wrenn, Miller. Cotter and
ctberr; I&c.
BVE—fXOODY attend Mme. Marquise's test cir-
cle to-night at 5 Hyde rt., near McAJlister.
10c; i o'clock. _^
MRS. WIN'CKr-STTR. 1CI0 C!ay— Circle to-
nlrht, ( ; Tuesday, 2 p.m.; consultations daily.
V SIRS. liAJtY HVANS. circle to-<!ay, 2 ana 8 p.
us.. 10c; a'so Man. eve.; read, daily. 1<2 Sixth.
MEDA HAEKINS, 1C3 Market bet. l?th and
'Uth— Circle Monday. S p. m.; 6ittlKga daily.
SIRS. HARJ-AND'S circle to-nlcht; articles,
scaled letters read. J"c; bus. read.. JL 136 6th.
BETUJINED. C. M. Sf-ers, li:V4 Oak et.; one
month only; readings Jl. Phone Howard 127.
_IME. YOUNG'S coTivlr.clr.se test circle to-night.
lie CCS McAllister et.; come, skeptlca.
EARLETS meet'.r.g to-r.ight SSO Ellis st.
¦ MEETINGS — 1 uivcrfal Brotherhood.
TTNiVlUtfiA— « Brotherhood, S19 Market et. —
I>ectvre n-nlpht. "Occult Astronomy," by Dr.
,-A. Griffiths?; I. B. L. Tuesday eight; subject,
"True Brotherhood." Children lotus group
Ecr.day. .11 a. m.. room 30.
SI-ETI<VG NOTICES.
ITTfSlON Lcxlzre ,No. 163. P. and A, M. m
—Officers and members are hereby noti-
Bed to attend th« funeral of our la-'e T? \f
brother, ALEXANDER F. FFEAK, on /***
. JiOXDAT, June 4. a* 1:30 p. m., from Mla-
j-. , aion IilasorJc Temple. By order of the W. M.
C D. BUNKER. Secretary.
DORIC Lodce No. 116, F. and A, M... a
Masonic Temple. — Special raeetlr.K _£\
..-¦ SUNDAY. Jure 3. S a. m.. to conduct >_2f
funeral €"r-Cice« our deceased /^r x
;<-.. brother. WALTER HHTDHNTELDT Lir.T.
.- • Xrozn his reslSence, 2409 Jackssa et. By order
of the master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodre No. 1, I. O. O.
T.— Initiation MONDAY KVEN-
ING. June 4. Visitors welcome. :^32£*3F
: \\"M. TP.OTTER, N. O.
FIDELITY Lodce~Na.~r22. I. O. O.
". — -•'. 'T- * i ••- ;••• r"<iu^ste!j to ax- »3'5 : 2^ a! -^
: lend promptly MONDAT. June 4. «P"5-»<££?25f
•' ' 1900, tor election of offlcero, to be '^fflilt****'
hell e.t i p. ra. fhars.
TTM. E. WTncmiAKT. R. S.
aionsr: Lod?e xo. sir, i. o. o. r. ZH^Oy
The ofScera and members of thla
lodge jjLre hereby notified to meet
In the hali en MONDAT, at l::o
p. tn... to atte^i the funeral of onr io».
.farther. CIIAS. KNOBCnniT BTcrtL" 1
: " c. rniND. n*c %™' *• <>•
ATTENTION, V.'oo<"..-aen.— -
\ ; . Memorial services and - == ~t?l
decorating crave* of de- «¦* * V'fli
.-. . ceaned nelchbors v.r.I t* f*^Wwl*/J#i
:.•:! by the Woodmen of &•>¦; Vrir-jM* ¦;-'?*lJ
' - the World. PUN-DAT.
•,. • June S. 1JK-0. Neighbors of the various camr*
.. .' end vUitlng neighbors are requested to meet
corner Seventh, and Market sts., at 9 o'clock
;.'. «-»¦. to Diirtlc^rate In the occasion. By
,.- . «rder cf tie committee.
J H- 1^. SPRIXGER, Secretary.
¦;. TTOODMEN of the World— Redwood Camp No
ri vsll decorate the craves of their deceased
members on SUNDAY. June 3. laoo. San Ma-
teo cars tri'.l leave Harrison and Elshth Ets
. at 1:30 sharp. Uy or6.tr.
3. MILLER. Con Com.
TIIOS. F. HATTON, Oerk.
. ¦ DAMON Lodge No. 2, K. of P.— The s^T~
Ejgfe:- officers and members .-.re requested •- J?A
to a«temb:e s.t Pythian Castle &OSv^<Cf?
. . Market rt.. on Str.VDAT, June 2. lVrt.
>•.':¦. m., to attend the funeral of our late
brother. G. 'W./KIDD. P. C.
F. A. KOHGEL, C. C
K. B. HARDING. K. cf R. & s.
- XO the offlM-rs and members of Terba KB'rr
Cuena. Ixxlffe No. J«. A. O. V. \V\— Voui^fe
are hereby notified to meet at the Io4ee-K5*5s
room. Phiela bulldlnr. 32 OTarreii Et.,'usJS >
. at 2 o'clock p. m., KUNDAY, June J, UOO to
• e.:tecd the 6Crv!ce« dedicating the ashes of 'our
. - late brother. CARL BOWERS, at the colum-
E^i barium. I. O. O. F. Cemetery. t$y order
FRED ROTIIGANGER. Recorder.
PIONLERS — The next f.gaflLfR*'^.
regular monthly meet- r -^I*^V
lr.g cf The Society cf A^'ft^'^^Sjl
California Pioneer?, vrlll
June 4. 1S00. at K o'clock f^^r^A Jar^V
p. m. A full attendance *~*
le recjuerted as the election of a nominating
committee to select officers to be ballctei
tor at the annual election will be in order,
i£Z$fc «-nd ether liuffness of special importance will
come be.'',: t t..e meeting-.
V, J. J- SPEAR, Becretary.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOM3 furnished In cak for $13 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission et.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
w. E. CODY Uate with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpet?. 757 Mission: tel. ited 3253.
IICLP AVAXTED— FEMALB.
C. R. HANSEX & CO 104 Geary st.
One more waitress. Yellowstone National
Park, see party here 10:30 Monday.
C. R. HANSEX & CO Phone Grant 1SJ
T HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
L 2 chambermaids, springs, straight work, $3);
head waitress, summer resort. $30: 14 walt-
i resses. different springs and resorts. $20: •
waitresses, commercial hotel*, $20; 4 waitresses,
city, $20; 2 restaurant waitresses. $6; lunch
waitress. $3 50, no Sunday work; 3 chamber-
maids, to wait, city and country. $20; woman
cook, resort. $40. free fare both ways; 2 fancy
ironers. resort and city. $30.
FAMILY ORDERS
Woman with a child on ranch. Colusa Co..
$20; ranch cook for S cr 10 men. $23 now. $30
during harvest time, fare i*ld from here;
house girl, small family, Corfcord, $15: ranch
cook. $l'0; house girl. Belvedere. $20, see party
here Monday; 2 house girls. San Mateo, $20;
. second girl, $29, some plain sewing: house
girls, city and country. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary et. ¦
WAITRESS for mining town: $20; fare here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— Protestant cook. $£5: also nurse, $3>.
for one child, both same house, country; Pro-
testant second girl, short distance. $23: Pro-
testant second girl, city, $25: 15 waitresses,
city and country, hotels, resorts, private
boarding-houses and restaurants. $7 per week
and $.0 and $25 per month: waitress, private
family, $25; pastry cook, i-i per week: 2 Ger-
man cooks, $25 and $30. no washing; cook,
private family, country, $30; cook, small coun-
try resort, $35. * /
Girl, general housework, Menlo Park, no
wash. $25; Alameda, $30; girl, general house-
work, country farm, no objection to one child,
$20; Protestant second sirl, San Rafael, J23;
girl, general housework, Petaluma, $25: Iron-
era, city laundries, $23, $30: £0 girls, general
housework, city and country. $-0 and $25.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
COLORED cook. *25; colored maid. $20; same
house. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
PASTRY cook, city, $35. MISS CCLT.EN. S3
Sutter st.
AT the Woman's Educational and Industrial
Union, 7 Van Ness ave. — English, French. Ger-
man Spanish, dressmaking, halrdresslr.g;,
manicuring, mandolin, violin, guitar and elo-
cution taught for $1 50 per month; aingtr.g
taught for $1 per month.
GIRLS to learn to make cigarettes at JOHN
BOLLMAN CO., 35 Jessie St.; good wages to
be earned: steady work; reference.
OPERATOR on vests; steady work. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO., 541 Market at.
WANTED— Apprentice for millinery. BC3 Pow-
ell st.
DINING-ROOM girl wanted: rood wage*. KS*
Second at. ¦
RELIABLE woman to help In general house-
work and plain cooking; small family; $13;
country. Call Golden West Hotel, betweea
10 a. m. and 1 p. in., Monday.
WANTED— Experienced hands to pack pickle*
in glasa. Apply at Pacific Vinegar and Pickla
Works. 403-419 Fulton st.
WANTED— A neat girl about IS yean old to
assist in light housework. Apply between
hours of 9 a, m. and 1 p. in. at 813 Ellis at.
WANTED— A young tfrl for light housework.
2114 Green at. _^_^
EXPERIENCED mangle hands. MERCAN-
TILE TOWEL CO.. 251 Jessie at.
WANTED— Olrl for general housework. Apply
after 10 a. m.. 100 McAllister at.
CANDY saleslady, with experience, for larss
retail store; good position. Box 4317. Call.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS, who can wait tor dinner,
first-class city notel; S20 and found. See party
at 1533 Valencia St.. bet. 2 and 4 Sunday.
EXPERIENCED operator on Bonaz machine.
NEWBAUER BROS.. IS Flrat st.
OPERATORS on wrapper* and waists; steady
work and good pay. NEWBAUER BROS.,
13 First Bt.
GIRL to assist In housework and care for S
children. 932V4 Guerrero st.
WANTED- Young lady In of See; plain writer;
give reference and salary. Address box 4343.
Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER'S apprentice wanted. Call at
ISO Thirteenth at.
LADIES make J100 monthly everywhere repre-
senting us. IMPORTING CO., 1238 Market
St.. room 63. ;.:,
YOUNG German girl for housework; wages $la;
ho washing. 3C08A Sixteenth st.
GIKLS WANTED
To wcrk on shirts: beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 35^4 Fremont St.; elevator.
PURE walnut hair stain, |L 124 West Fourth
st.. Los Anseles. -Cal.
WANTED— German or Swedish girt as hous*-
keeper. ROSEXBAUM. C12 Octavla at.
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS b CO.' 9 overall*
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32H Fremont.
COMPETENT girl for second work. 340 Paga
st.. cor. Buchanan.
LADIES to fill positions: country: managers
through Calif.; ref. required. 2421 Fillmore.
WANTED — Women and girls to worlc on fruit.
Fol3om st.. bet. 13th and 14th ata.
WANTED— A eood lively solicitor; bit money.
13S Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. 8H Antonio it.,
bet. Ellla and O'Faxreli at. oft Jonea.
FEW yours; ladies to Join night school; loir
rates. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore «U
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions naa been established at 109S Va-
lencia st. ••-.-*
UF.IjP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED-^Monday morning; at 7:30. with blan-
kets ready to go on train, teamsters, rockmea
and laborers: Coast read; $2 a day. Free
Fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. VH Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/3....104 GEARY ST.
100 teamsters, rockmen and laborers; Coast
road; $2 a day. Free For*
60 four-horse teamsters. $2 23 a day, for Los
Angeles and Santa Barbara divisions. Ftea
Fare
30 laborers for S. P. Company work; $3 m,
day; board $4 50 a week. Free Far*
25 section hands for S. P. Company; $1 TO a
day. Free Fare
29 quarry men. $2 23 a day; 10 miners, 13 50;
( muckers. $2; Jackscrewers, $35; crosscut
sawyers. $33; laborers for the woods. $30; 10
fanners. $26; S milkers, $23 and $30
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT «..
Head cook $70, second cook $43, for isrin^s
hotel; second cook for springs, $^>: night*
cook for railroad camp. $40; head and second
cooks, country hotel, $50 and J35; cook and
dishwasher for a cafe. J43 and »20: third coolc.
$40; third cook, $35; 2>> dishwashers, potwash-
ers and kitchen hands, $20. $23 and $3&
Waiter for sprlnsrs. $25; 3 waiters, same
country hotel, $£J: waiter, country club. $40...
Bellboy for Yellowstone Park. $12; bell and
elevator boys. city. $10. $12. *15 and $3J. C
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— HOTEL clerk for first-class country hoteL
' C. R. HANSEN & CO.. VA Geary gt.
A— LAUNDRYMAN and wife to run laundry
tlon $40; lroner, Tyler machine, $15 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— COOK Catholic Institution, across tha bay,
$35. MISS CULLEN. 32S Sutter St.
BARPCRS' Prcgresstva Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Active men of good character to
deliver and collect for old-established whole-
sale and exporting house; bona fide salary of
$900 a year guaranteed, with expenses; no
experience required: references exchanged.
Inclose self-addressed stamped envelope to
WHOLESALERS AND EXPORTERS, third
floor. 334 Dearborn st.. Chlcaxo.
AN up-to-date money maker for up-to-date
salesmen: exclusive territory; big commis-
sions; freight paid. What more do. yonwant?
For particulars address E. J. FOSTER, 40
Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— An accountant who can think and
is aulck and accurate; competent to take
charre of an offlce where there Is considerable
detail: permanent position. ' Address, giving
experience, etc.. box 4342. Call offlce. /
YOUNO man to assist in dining-room and bar;
wages $20 and found. Box 433t5. Call office.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; only S
weeks required; situations secured: wages
while learning: transportation paid. GORDON
BARBER COLLEGE. 417 N. Main st., Los
Angeles.
BRIGHT boy for Jewelry store; state refer-
ences. Box 4325, Call offlce.
WANTED— 2 good men for collecting and solic-
iting with good references. Box 4327, Call.
WANTED— Boy to work in printing offlce: give
age and experience. Box 4330. Call offlce.
SOLICITOR for printing-office. 420 Montrom-
ery St., room 33.
BUSINESS CHAICCES — CONTINUED.
CHICKEN and fruit ranch; cheap. ELROD,
Frultvale Station. ' ¦ "
TO Let— Barber shop; 2 chairs; rent cheap.
346^ Seventh st. - '
FOR sale or exchange— General merchandise
business; 1 hour from S. F.;* aplendld loca-
tion; well estab.; best reasons for selling; in-
vestigation invited; will exchange for Oakland
or S. F. Income property, unlncumbered. G.
M.. box 2767. Call office, Oakland.
DON'T miss the tripods at the BACKUS
STUDIO. 11 Geary St.; other bargains.
$400— GROCERY and delicacy store; living rms.;
rood location: other business reason for aell-
lng. 644 Golden Gate ave., cor. Franklin st.
FOR Sale— Price $175; fruit store In Western
Addition; nice location; horse and wagon; z
living rooms; rent cheap; outside route goes
with store; reason for selling, party going to
Europe; must be sold by June 5. Inquire at
1217H Scott street, corner Ellis. »
MOST centrally located corner saloon in city;
doing good business ; reasonable; reason for
Belling, going to Cape Nome. Box 4316, Call.
WHAT do you think of this? A well-stocked
grocery, bar, bakery. 5 living rooms, fur-
nished. 8 beautiful rooms, with clean, new
furniture and all occupied by the best of ten-
ants, the receipts from wh'ich more than pay
the rent of the whole premises, are offered for
$S0O; among the fixtures Is a Halwood regis-
ter that cost $100, a portable oven that, cost
more than that and all other fixtures complete
and In excellent order. The place Is north-
west corner of Turk., and Pierce sts.
KERN County oil lands: a chance to tret an
interest In 11,000 acres of choice oil lands; buy
now and get In on the ground floor: these
lands are located in the great oil districts of
McKITTRICK. SUNSET AND KERN RIV-
KR. Kern County, and belong to the OCCI-
DENTAL OIL COMPANY. incorporated
under the lawa of West Virginia: stock abso-
lutely non-assessable: Investigation solicited.
D. II. HOSTELLER, Agent,
Room 364. Parrott Building. 8. F.
BARGAIN— Saloon in Santa Cruz; well estab-
lished; finest trade; bear strictest lnvestiga-
tlon. Wesjgrn Land Co., 640 Market Bt., 8. F.
SALOON doing good business; wholesale dls :
trlct: excellent opportunity. Apply at 601-EOa
Market st.. corner First.
BUTCHER business for sale: wholesale bills
over $300 per week: no opposition. Particu-
lara at 344 Thirteenth st.
LIQUOR store doing good bar and family trade;
in good locality; excellent opportunity. 601- ;
C05 Market st.
BLACKSMITH shop, stock and tools for sale;
good business. A. DABLE. Martinez.
PARTNER wanted, with $800, In mining enter-
prise; profit enormous. Box 24, 106 Eleventh.
To rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc. ; fins
• location; place la entirely covered and con-
tains 3 stalls: rent only $15; water free. In-
quire WM, HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call
building.
FRUIT stand to let; 418 Fourth St.: low rent.
Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Monfgy.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar: 4 living rooms;
acount of sickness.. 1111 Howard; no agents.
FOR sale— On account of departure for Nome,
-a fruit and candy business and paying well.
Addresa box 1748. Call offlce.
FOR sale— Good outside route on morning pa-
per; easy terms. Box 1736, Call offlce.
FIRST»CLASS Bloop yacht 32 feet long. W. H.
CAMPBELL, Sausallto.
FOR Kale— The Central Hotel In Napa. con-
taining thirty rooms; central location: price
reasonable. Address R, CUFF. Napa. Cal.
COFFEE ar.d tea routea supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertlsments and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertlsments and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. '
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada' one year for $1,
postage paid.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
26-ROOM corner.....-^ $1700
Hotel and bar; 36 rooms 1500
81 rooms on Market Bt.; only 900
25 rooms on Bush st.; rent $55 9C0
12 rooms on McAllister st 4C0
36 rooms: fine corner; clears $150 1000
16-room house on Turk st 750
10 rooms on Jones st.: clears $35 350
10 rooms on Mason st. ; payments 450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MINT 796.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
A— 31 ROOMS, clears $125, bargain $300
36 rooms, very fine, profitable $2400
20 r.. clears $130, nice, boarders, bon ton. $1000
14 r., highly recommended, lawn, rent $40. $575
75 r., $4000, clears $2C0. 67 r.. $4500, clears $250
12 r., $500; rent $50; clean; clears $54 monthly.
141 other houses: money to loan.
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market, rm. 1, nr. Call big.
R, H. WINSTON & CO., 102<J Market St.
Telephone Mint 1531
28 rooms; good corner; only $S50
49 rooms; rent $139; good piano 2500
63 rooms: fine corner; offices 3250
119 rooms; cheap rent; reduced to 1800
32 ROOMS, fine furniture $1500
10 rooms. Ellla st 350
8 rooms and saloon 1400
60-room hotel, must sell 6000
Money to loan. C. D. DAVIS, r.69. 916 Market.
ELEGANTLY furnished, newly built flat on
Washington st, near Jones; a bargain. A.
M. SPECK St CO.. 667 Market st.
1S-ROOM lodging-house; must be sold at o*ce;
owner leaving; city: call * and make offer.
SCHWEINHARP & CO.. 917 Market st.
CORNER house, 14 rooms; finely furnished; all
rented: lease: rent $55. 219 Grant ave.; call
12 to 1 or after. 6 p. m. /_
FURNISHED house, 8 rooms, theap rent; easy
. terms: off Seventh St.. on Jessie. Address box
4320, Call office.
AN elegantly furnished 6-room flat. Including
piano and sewing machine; roomers pay rent.
921*4 Mission St.; no agents nor trlflers.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc, cheap. EAGAN ft SON. 2117 Mission st
WAGON for sale. Apply at paint shop, 1313
Broderlck St.. off Geary. -
CAMP wagon; finest In California; good as
new; cost $600: sell $300. 3279 Mission it.
NEW & 2d-hend wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
TESTS and communications fromi "deatt"
friends to-night. 10c. ARNOLD A DICKSON.
148 Sixth St.. room 12.
GO to Watson, the occult palmist; lucky and
true; 25c. 15S1 Market st., near Twelfth.
MRS. WEST— Trance, test medium and mag-
netic treatment. 1206 Market St.. rooms 15-18.
EARLE, 330 Ellis st. ; seances Sun. and Wed. ;
readings dally; will leave the city June 15. j
WYLLIE, the Lob Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis st. 10 a. m. to 6 p. m., Sundays Included.
MRS.J.J.WHITNEY. clairvoyant, test, business
medium. »life reader: pitting, $1. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A MRS. DR. CLARK
THE ¦ WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM, i
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK
Bt.. may be consul ted. on all affairs of life;
ehe will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost af-
""> Xections: unite the separated ; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
¦with special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 205
Turk at., near Jonea. .
MME.LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays. 1167 Market St.. bet. 7th and 8th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant, card
" reader; born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readings: L-, 50c;
G., $1; palm & clairvoyant sit.. $1 60. 126 Turk.
CARD reading, new method; best reading for
the money; price 10c; truth only. 400 Grove.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth St.. r. 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; best advice. . 823
Mission st.. near 4th, rm. 3; 25c up; ring bell.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921% Mission. op.Mlnt.
READINGS daily/ cards and tea leaves; dates,
facts, business advice. 373 Polk st.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st, original gypsy
, life reader: readings, 25c; no sign.
CARD reader and palmist : removed from 963
Mission st. to 136 Sixth, room 8.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmla-
try; truth or no pay; 25c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. . 212% Sixth st. .y \
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given ; 25c : up. S Fourth St. .
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture: 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell gt.
' CAPE NOME.
DON'T rush off to Nome with a toy gold ma-
chine; examine the Common-sense Gold Eaver.
JOHN M. MOONEY. 624 Elizabeth st. ; Caa-
tro-st. cars. :
FOR sale— A few tickets on steamer San Juan;
leaves 1 p." m.- Monday for Cape Nome. 'Ap-
ply OTTINGER'3 Ticket Offlce. 620 Market.
¦ ¦¦¦(_¦ ,...-.¦.., - -¦ . . - -.•
BELGIAN HARES.
IF you jftre breeding for color, breed to import-
ed Fashoda Conqueror, the finest colored Bel-
gian In America. "Color is the most difficult
to obtain of all the properties of the Belgian
hare." "I have never seen better color In any
Belgian hare than that/of imported Fashoda
Conqueror." — Extracts/rrom statements made
by the noted scorer, Mrs. A. M. Bush.
Our hares have large- well-ventilated hutches,
one tier high; they have plenty of room for
exercise; they are large, strong and healthy.
If you want high-class, healthy stock at rea-
sonable prices call and see us or address
IMPERIAL RABBITRY.
Peralta ave.. near old county road. Frultvale.
" AUCTION
'— AUCTION --
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION —
MONDAY. JUNE 4. AT 10 O'CliOCK.
Will be sold the etock of Imported Belgians
belonging to the Golden West Belgian Hare
Co., Los Angeles, to the highest bidder. Re-
member, this is REAL BLUE BLOOD, direct
from England..
Bucks scoring by official Judge 96, 95%, 95.
DOES BRED TO THESE FINE BUCKS.
Salesroom cpen to-day, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4
->. for private sale and Inspection.
MARKET-ST. RABBITRY. 1S32 Market st,
TERMINAL Rabbitry, end narrow-gauge road,
High-st. sta., W. D. DILLA, Prop., Alameda—
See thw most racy buck in Central California,
Viscount Lurgan, fee $10; Yukon Prince, scoro
• "¦"•i. $7 £0. Prices to sell and to suit all purses.
Young stock. 6 weeks to 2 months, $l'D0uj>;
bred does, well marked, $5; bred does, better,
marked, $7 50; bred does, still better marked,
$10 to $20; trios, 2 does and buck, $25 to $100.
Open evenings; visitors welcome.
COLORADO RABBITRY. 609 East Twenty-ninth
et.. Los Angeles — 10 head of breeding age Ban-
bury and British Sovereign strains, score 91 to
t3 by Mrs. Bush: you take no chances in buy-
Ing stock scored by a competent and conscien-
tious Judge. Send stamp for booklet and prices.
BELGIAN hares — Fancy stock on sale; bred
H and unbred doea from $10 to $100; young pedi-
greed stock on Fale at reasonable prices; cor-
reFpondenco solicited. Pajaro Valley Rab-
bltry. P. O. drawer D, Watsonvllle. Cal.
JUST arrtve<l — Britain and Yukon youngsters, 55
per pair; old stock in proportion; on account of
our crowded pens, pedigreed does, bred to
Lord Kitchener and Bonanza Prince bucks,
all re<i foot. $5. Open nights and Sundays.
TOM P. DUTTON. 615 San Pablo av.. Oakland.
WELL-ESTABLISHED rabbitry hutch; about
200 selected, healthy, pedigreed animals, eight
bucks in service, for eale or exchange. Ad-
dress box 27S0. Call of flea, Oakland.
500 HEAD finest pedigreed Belgrlan harea In
State; acclimated to Central California; does
bred to bucks scoring 95; start right: booklet
and descriptive list free. BRITAIN RAB-
BITRY. WatsonvlMe. Cal. *
FOR SALE— Pedigreed Belgian haree ; 2 does
with litters, 1 buck. 1 doe (bred); account re-
moval. SIC Powell, basement, bet. Cal. & Sac
$50 PAIR of pedigreed Belgian hares free. For
, particulars and our free book on Belgiana
write to Petaluma Incubator Co., Petaluma.
FOR rale— Very fine stock of high-score, ped'iu
frreed Belgian hares, all scored by Mrs. Bush.
1009H Sutter st.. San Francisco.
TREMONT Belgian Hare Co., 2134 Flllmore St..
San FVanclsco, Cal. — Send 6c in stamps for
book en care and feeding.
BELGIANS— Big bargains for few days; pedi-
greed stock. Royal Rabbitry, 814 Q. O. ave.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE C. 609 Gold-
en Gate ave., S. F. ; 600 rabbits for sale cheap.
PEDIGREED does with litters by Lord Fashoda
Chief (Imported). Eureka Rabbitry, 1616 Turk.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
COLUMBIA tricycle for tsale; In good order;
suitable for invalid or motor purpose*: 120.
S. BILLINGTON. 446 Valencia st.
HOW is this? Allen sells good new bicycles for
»20. S01 Larkln et.. corner McAllister.
NEW Cleveland bicycles; better than ever; $40.
LEAVITT & BILL, 309 Larkln st.
GREAT bargains In second-hand bicycles; from
S5 up: send for list. LEAVITT & BILL. 809
Larkln Ft.. San Franelpco.
HOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Board for small family at San Ma-
teo. PaJo Alto or Redlands. Address bojc
4333. Call office.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged^
Hr,lrn<-s Book Co.. 704 Mission gt.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES. ~™
$500— DEUCACY. canned goods, butter and eggs.
pleasant living rooms; on principal street; do-
Ing steady cash bus_- Lane & Co.. 865 Market.
$550— DRYGOODS, notions, school supplies, liv-
ing rooms; cheap rent. Lane & Co., 8C5 Mkt.
$C50— NOTIONS, echool supplies, cigars and to-
bacco; living rooms. LANE & CO., 666 Mkt.
$G0O— HOTEL jB_nd restaurant on prominent Bt.;
old established placo; excellent business; fine
chance for man and wife. LANE & CO.,
iC7. Market.
$200 — HOME bakery: living rooms, furnished;
cheap rent. LANE & CO., 866 Market at.
$3.'-0— GROCERY, notions, milk and bread; llv-
lrg rooms; cheap rent. LANE & CO., 8SS
Market st.
$275 — CANDY and Ice cream parlor; elegant fix-
tures. LANE & CO., £65 Market st.
$22»-CANDY and Ice cream parlor; living
rooms; cheap rent. LANE & CO., 865 Market.
$6&0— GROCERY and bar- fresh, clean stock;
good vaJuei LANE & CO.. 865 Market St.
$750— SALOON, near city; departure cause of
sale, MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777% -Market.
$1500— CORNER saloon and lunch house: sick-
ness cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO..
777H Market St.
$250— BUTTER, egg and provision route; horse,
wagon; bargain. McLaughlln & Co., 777H Mkt.
$550— RESTAURANT; bargain; golr.g to Eu-
rope cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN &. CO.,
777H Market Et. .
J4C0— SALOON; city front; bargain: on account
of ether business. MCLAUGHLIN, 777H Mkt.
A CIGAR store and barber shop; corner; bar-
gain; sicknee3. COWING & CO., 713 Market.
A SALOON;" dining room: 4 living rooms; near
Call- bldg. ; sicknees. COWING & CO. 719 Mkt.
A PARTNER wanted, lady or gent, with $700;
can clear $100 month. COWING, 719 Market.
A— $1550— RESTAURANT in country; best town
on the coast; owner retiring; poor health;
cleared S5000 In 20 years. KREDO & CO.,
26 Geary st.
$700— HOME bakery and restaurant; suited for
a practical baker with family: established
business. KREDO & CO., 36 Geary st.
FOR sale — Candy and stationery, stock- and fix-
tures; business established seven years;
prominent location: a rare opportunity; Bales
average year round $20 per day: price $4000;
principals only. Address box 4335, Call offlce.
$625 — BAKERY, notions, variety and ! newa
depot; located In good business block; doing
No. 1 business; 5 sunny furnished rooms;
cheap rent; full investigation given; clears
$90 per month. Address C. V., box 4347, Call.
WANTED — Capital for Investment in a new en-
terprise of especial interest to California; a
fruit Jelly mado without 6ugar; guaranteed
Rbbolutely pure and wholesome. Address EN-
TERPRISE. box 4350. Call. ¦ . x
FOR sale— 2000 shares Columbus Consolidated
Gold Mining Company - (Mariposa County) at
thirty (30) cents per share. Sena your orders
at once to JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine St.,
San Francisco.
$SO0 — PARTNER wanted — Firat-class business
with large Eastern manufacturer; articles In
every household; absolute security; first-class
references. Box 4328, Call office.
AT a great bargain— Bakery, candy, notions,
school supplies, cigars, etc.; good stock and
fixtures; located by a school; living rooms.
1503 Golden Gate ave.
DRUGSTORE for sale; store valued at $3000;
fine cedar fixtures; can be bought for jltOO
Inquire at 353 Twelfth »t., near Webster, 9
to 12 o'clock a. m.
$2500 — SNAP; $10 day clear; be Increased; gen-
teel business; downtown; suitable- lady or
gentleman; close, investigation solicited. 213
Examiner building.
FOR sale cheap — Complete outfit for grocery
and barroom; store to let; rent cheap; lease;
best corner in Mission. NE. cor. Valley and
Dolores Ets.
NURSERY to lease; stock, greenhouse, dwell-
lng on place: long terms; low rent; income
first day. 953 Fortieth St.. Oakland.
BIRD and animal business; only 2 in city; es-
tablished 12 years; owner going Australia;
all cash trade; $1300. 411 Kearny st. .<
FOR sale — Branch bakery, notions, confection-
ery, cigars: selling on account 111 health. M.
A. BROOKS, 12 Golden Gate ave.
LADY partner for first-class restaurant In con-
nection with a large hotel; some capital re-
quired. Address box 4357, Call.
$1200— BUSINESS Investment: will pay monthly
, $100 to $150; Monday and Tuesday afternoon.*
459 Parrott bullying. ¦
$100— REST AURXNT>well furnished; worth $400;
must sell by 9 Monday. D. McRae, 837 Mission.
$200— BAKERY, notions, candy store, with fur-
nlture of 3 rooms, for sale. \ 226 Ninth at.
FOR sale — Corner grocery and bar; fine loca-
tion; cash trade. Particulars 124 Oak st. :
FOR sale — Dairy - produce and • delicacies. 473
, Hayes st.; cheap. .
$1000— BUTCHER business; elegant fixture*;
flno trade. Apply 2133 Mission st. :THE SAX FRAXCISOO CALL, SUNDAY, JTJXE 3, 1900.
29
HELP WASTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 6MS
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
WANT I A. M. TO-DAY
Help for all parts of Califcrnia, Utah. Wash-
ington. Arizona and Hawaiian Islands and
Orfjren, &4.Vi MEN
FREE FARK and office fee $1 and no other
espouses to Lrs Angeles and Santa Barbara
districts, we vY.ip you to-day. 0 a. m. ar.d 5:33
!>• rn., for the S>. P. R. R.. laborers and team-
sters. « day. FREE FARE
...HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CREWS...
Iiead wagon drivers. J2 day and found; 2S3
n«?n to run mewers, rake«, pitch and v.-ork in
f.eids. header men, etc. $1 25. $1 50, 12 day
*nd found. COME AND BKK.
...ETAELES. VINEYARDS, ORCHARDS....
GARDENS
It etableraen, city ur.d country Jobs. $10, $35.
$3". $25 and four.i
12S vineyard and orchard bands, J3fi, $30. $3G
ani found; 5 g&j\>r.ers. 2 coachmen. 1 Ftable-
man. a.11 for private fatr.!:i«s, $S>. J^. $20 and
• round. COME. SEE
ilen and wlvt-s 1.JIQ and $0} and found
DAIRIES, CHEESE FACTORIES
2» milkers for different ulaoes. $3;. $30 and
• found; a hUTtermaker? &n<2 run separators,
boss here. $35 and found : 5 cheesemakcrs, dif-
ferent Jobs. $J5 »nd $4P and found
AGAIN WE PAY TOUB FARES
TO SI SAWMILLS. ETC
.X..:...NO TXPERIKNCE WANTED
¦ 5C3 rrwn fcr eo different Jobs, fr^m laborers to
rc:n machines, war^s from $25 to $40 per
. month anj fcur.d
*!*o lurrb*-r riicrs. bark peflers. $43 and
found; crostr-ut sawyers, Jack:«orewers, band
R&Yjnen, '•screw tamer*, gang edgenr.en, la
. . fart we want hf!s of every description for
• MWTr.il!*. woods, etc, $>T, $75. $?0. $120, $60,
t'-H. tW, $?rt and fo-jnd: CS4 woodchoppers. tie-
rrtHlfTf. tool? ar.d food found. Borne at mines
$3. R H, $2. tl M. M and 75c ord
15 '.aborer* to build flume, $30 to $43 and fd
lIBCHAKICAXi HELP
1? blacksmiths ar.d hors*shoere. $2 W day $60
f7<\ J«. $25 and found; also 5 helpers $12 a
»¦»«¦*. fa:- and found: « woodworker*, car-
r.d«-ir.ali»rf, $3. f2 50 day. $40 and found: cir-
cular Ba-KTer. «en a-d found; 2 bollermakers,
.j cay; carriage painter, stripe and letter.
rare We. $10 we«k and found
screw tender. $a and found; 3 carriage? pk'l'nt-
?! " "— DiFTKREN'T 'DivipiONS."."!.'
y REE FARE OFFICE FEE fl
Peotiin and reconstruction and NEW WORK
wVrTlSP* 8 ' TOU'LL SUIT. REGULAR
fl'nCIAL ' NOTICE ;;.MiNES.V.BIG" WAGES
...) li>K^r»rs {or min**. no experience required.
TO! LL PUIT. $40 to $4S per month and
lonafl: 25 miners, single hand $90 and $73
T.OWl'S GOING TO GOLD MINES
• • SPECIAL
S rnMk wagon drivers. $30. $^ and found:
r»ner hand. Sawirlll Co tTJ) and found
• FOR A NEW MINE
12 lab-irers., so «xp»»rienoe, tare $2 50 $34 and
fopnfl: € men and wive, for ranches, W. $35,
f'-i u and fou-ftd
..MEN. YOUNG MEN OR BTBOKO BOYP"
N wanted to rull rhubarb, pick peas, pick
-nuts, hoe between vines, roaJce yourselves
ocberwtw useful. $17 60 and $20 per month and
f r-ursd . . _
man for wine cellar, country. H-> end found
READ THESE CAREFULLY
KS Taborprs cr.d teamsters for all rarts of
<~a!!'r-rata. nlso mary for San Francisco, 13.
I- M, 12. $1 7; day; many city Jobs, to board
fc^ine
V,' anted tor a new railroad Free Fare
teaawten $2 a day
mckraen $2 a day
larxrrrs J2 a day
Free Far* Free Fare
MfflRAT & READY, 634 and C36 Clay st.
.A-COOKS BAKERS WAITERS
I rT.k<rs. city t-nd country ships.... $40 ar.<J VJ)
9 corks, restaurants, hotels and boardlns-
h^ute*. ranches, etc S33 to $*"* and found
waiters.- city and conniry h"t«»!s and resorts..
f2S. $30 and $25 and found
wraxher, cr*untry laur.dry, £30 and fcur.d: bar-
Wr to run country shop
Porters, elevator boys, etc.: 4 bakers" helpere.
i'\ RS. t!!5 and fcund. MURRAY 4: READY,
• I r.r.d C36 Clay st.
A- FOB A BANK SYNDICATE-.TOU'LL SUIT
SS Ken or strong boys to work in a larpe or-
chard and vineyard and farm, to pick, fruits,
w.^rk In parking and drying houses, help to
r!ie email tranches so water can run down b*.
" w n vines. ejj£. ; m-ajret fl« per month and
f'ur.d; steady j^i year round if you are wlll-
Ir.c to do the work; general manager will
t^aeh you
. ALSO
Harre«s-makers. .shoerr.a kers : boys to pedd'e
frui-s. nr, to S3) and :ounrt: 4 boys to work In
a factory. 13 to tZ week. MURRAY &
READT. C4 and €36 Clay st.
A--COOK fcr a club. $50 ar.d found: S bakers.
¦ : - far* paid. KML $43. $35. $40 and found.
_ .. r i-itAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
.A FPECIAL.
Man t" run gasoline er.frine, fare VS:; 4 hay-
r.akers, sarr.e rar.ch, $1 2i day and fcund,
harvest wsce? will b? raid, 5^ fare, call
early; 2 Ijoye for machine fheps. city, $6
»f»k: 10 cros?<rjt sawyers. $40 and found: S
Itailan laborers. J4i; in urampcrf, $35 and
rotrad
VERY IMPORTANT
Cor k. $39; els? a d:sh washer for a camp Job:
conk, $50, no right, no Sunday, work, city i
r>r. for fact.-.rips and foundries: polisher.
L«-!p «-tarrh, $C» and found, country laundry:
16 laixvrers for a mine. ti~>: 12 muckers for a |
mire, $.*; teamster, coal and hay yard. city, j
tZ day; eook ar.d wife fcr a hospital, $37 50 |
ar.d found: steward. J1S to $17 50 week. MUR- i
_KAY A- READY. C24 and C36 Clay st.
WASTED — Good dishwasher ~at SADDLE
ROCK. li» Stockton rt.
"WANTED— Ork. In<ju!re at Dewey House. 32
Eift Ft: rr.Uft be a gocd rer.man.
"U ".-WTEIV- B-T al>out 13: exr^rl^nced In wrap-
;.r.p. MARKS FiltOS.. lrir Market St.
3.I' "JIN'PHTn en;ritip»-r wanted for city; reference
required. Bex 4344, Call office.
WANTED— A ('erman boy to help on calces.
In.juire at 321 Fourth et.
V.'.IXTED — Men to canvass and collect in the
city; 01 3e* hr*ur*. f to 9 and 5 to «. TEEHAX,
17 an-1 IS Doa"ho» building:.
WANTED— Er.errptic young man to keep ac- j
f-mnts and tr.ake hirnf-elf FT>eral3y useful; ;
wajroF 12 :>*>r day. Address box 4334, Call. j
TRAVEUNI sal»«r:;an in cloves: cld» line; on
ancHB^fl B. <~£'l ut address CU',4 Gouph rt.
GF.T foor shoe* halt-Mted while wasting. 23c to !
>c. ZC2 Missirn rt.. bet. l?t and 2d sts. ]
I-AL"Nr<IlYMAN for country hotel; call to-day, j
II St., Ui^ftr.irs.
FIRST-CLASP stenographer ani typewriter; i
Run have experience and write a good hand; i
state age and esr*rience. Box 4322. Call.
T-rinilT cork wanted for oyster house. Call be- j
tw^n 1 s.r.d 2 3. m.. * Taylor st.
EOY rafted; DOC with rme exjx-rience at the ;
harws* trade. Tli Foisora st.
WANTED- Two firj-t-clEFs cabinet makers at i
'.V. I;aTI:MAN~S. tZl Folsom Ft.
¦ — I
WAITER w?-.ted. 5 East st
EXPERIENCE:* ftenograi-her cxd typewriter;
*=tatf exi>*r1e?ir*> and references. C. P J
box 4345. Call offic».
EXPERIENCED outside salesman of grood ad- I
tf'-ess; state pxperff-nce and references. J. P. i
'¦.. V>x 434S. Call offlw.
15 MEX to iro to Cap* Nome; $€5 each; apply '
fat once. 61S Third st. .
O<"«OD waiter wanted. 124 Third rt.
V.'a NTEI> — 4 or 5 men to put up stage and
whitewash; high work; 6 weeks' Job; com- !
rr.«-nce Punday. Central power station, Po- I
ir«?ro, r.f'ar sugar refinery.
I ''H\EnS— 2 paint burners with tools; call to-
day. j;75 Fuitcn et.
ALL bIscs men's thoes, slightly damajred. half 1
ITice. US Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sta. j
GOVERNMENT positions— Do you want "one? I
G« rea<iy now. Circular 116. giving p.-trticu- i
lars as to salaries, dates of examination, etc '
«*r.t f!f* by NATIONAL CORRESPOND^ '
ENCE INSTITUTE, Washington. D. C ¦ tvrlt» I
to-day.
\'DUNG rr.an for hardware utore who under-
. stands electric work and locksmithlr.z Box
4214. Call office.
I-<"*HAIR 15c barber shop: a bargain; principal
rtreet; Saa Jc*e. Box 43&5. Call office.
NOTICE to Journeymen painters and p.iper-
l:ar.gers— Notice is hereby jriven to Journey-
men painters «nd par«rhanjr»>r» to (tfve the
city of Bakersf>id a wide berth for th<> pres-
t-nt. a* she has elrea-1;- a greater number
than can be employed. L. O. STEVENSON,
fceemary Local Union No. 21. Bakersneld, Cal.
INTELLIGENT steady boy to learn printing
trade. &Vf Uarfcpt st.. room 47.
V.'A NTED— First-class traveling salesman. J40;
salary and t • 1 commission; expense* paid.
Addrcts box 42S2, Call effle*'.
.APPRENTICES wanted to learn barber trade
at their own price. Box 1747. Call offlo.
1 GOOD finisher and 1 helper In wagon factory-
€30 Broadway^
BOT wanted Jn a grocery «tor». Apply at 311$
Sixteenth St.
WAITER wanted. Hotel Bep«lier, 781 Sutter
street. __^ ¦*
BARBERS— Good-paying shop In nearby town;
a baxraln. PECKELMAX BytQy.. 108 Eills.
WANTED— Recruits for the United Stat«
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
dr"f of 21 and 25 years; not less than 5 iout
4 Inches and not over e f«t 1 inch In height;
rsust be citlrens of the United Btates or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and FT>eai Enrlish properly. For further In-
formaticn apply at the Marine Recruiting
Offlce. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco, CaL. or
530 K «t.. Sacramento, Cal.
MEN to learn barbering and halrdresslng at 8.
F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SOLICITOR and collector for Industrial Insur-
ance; 22-X. £-6, r. C, 405 Montgomery rt.
HELP WAITED—MALIC.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires eix to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special Inducements this season; only
institution in the world teaching this trade:
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay «t.
FIP.ST-CLASS coatmaker wanted. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market «t.
WANTED— a good lively solicitor; big money.
138 Etl!« Et.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, ttlll
runs Denver House, 217 Third et. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands:
aU parts of wcrld. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: IS
years' practice; Examiner hldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. uea» Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bun and baggage to and from the ferry.
I.1NDELL Hcuse. corner Sixth and Howard—
Rocnug 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
r-Jb^orii.-t'.ons has been established at 109« Vs.
lencla «t. __^_^^^______^_
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Kto — c"or Sale
! 2 HORSES, strong delivery wagon, pole, shafts
and cover for sale cheap: object. Cape Nome.
1524 Golden Gate ave.
THE *ixth lot of the 200 horses from the Canty
1 ranch Just In; from 120 up; 6 blacks, J
" browns and 2 whites in the lot. 2170 Market
i et. ; Cas=tro-?t. cars pass the door.
40 HORSES for «le: also wagons, buggies,
rarts. harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.; auction eales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN *: DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORFKS-- Young, well-broken, for all purposes,
cheap; N?«t in city. 721 Howard St., nr. Third.
FIFTEEN head of horses for sale cheap at 308
Taylor et.
! FOR rale— 2 extra fine carriac«* teams. DAL-
ZTF.I. Vet. r>«Titl«t. fi«5 Golden Gate ave.
nOLSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for dr-
cular. d. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
I A HOUFE of 10 rooms and bath, also stable;
rent $10. $17 Union et., near Powell-st. cars.
GROVE, 720— Four large, sunny room*, or S;
I bath, gas, yard, garden and laundry. "•-'¦¦
1 GROVE. S14. tunny side — House of 9 roomc and
I bath; large yard; btwment.
j HOUSE 9 rooms, freshly painted and papered;
j sur.ny side; rent cheap. 6S Minna it.
I RENT cheap — Sunny bay-window house of 7
j rooms and bath, large yard, basement and
I laundry- 3*70 Twenty-fourth St., nr. Sanchez.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pare*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
IN SAUSALITO— Completely furnished house
cf S rooms, bath, etc.; desirable location.
Full Earticulars MADISON A BURKE. 626
Market Pt.
j TO pent — Furnished sunny house of 7 rooms and
bath: clmo; terms reasonable; for summer
months.' 2i>CS Golden Gate ave.
¦ FLAT of 7 roorss and bath; completely fur-
nished; rent $55. 1£21 Golden Gate ave.
! CALIFORNIA. 1711. near Van Ness ave.— 10-
r<v<m house, completely furniFhed.
I HOUSES WAJCTEp;
i 'WANTED — To buy. lot or cottage and lot In
I Kan Francisco: private parties preferred;
! cheap for cash. Brvx 4331. Call offlce. .
LOST AXD FOLWD.
LOST— A I>we!lyn setter dog: white with or-
i ar.re ears: had on collar. A reward for Its
' return to SES3 Twenty-fourth Et.
I LOST— Maltese cat. Return to 1208 Suttex Bt;
j liberal reward.
1 LOST— A pas>«-book with the Hlbernia Savings
' and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of LAVINIA E. DEAN. Xo. 207-1SS.
The finder will please return to bank.
! FOUND— White greyhound, dark spots; owner
1 can have same by paying expenses. Box 4353,
: Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
C»>11. 16 papes, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
— — =
MEDICAL. '
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladle*' phy-
dclan, formerly 4C1 Van Ness, returned from
L-un<p« with advanced knowledge; safe and
reliable cure $S; have treated thousands of ,
cases with success; 15 years' practice In S. F. ; |
maternity home: low fees. 1CO7>4 Market at. •
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousand* of
cacft successfully; treatment can be used at
home: consultation free. Writs or call at
k:?S Market Et. j
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.
practice; home in conflnement; treatment at
office, $3; any aliment; consultation free; con-
fidentlal. >42 Pot et.. b»t. Hyde and Imrkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist — Guaran-
teed treatment at office. $5; consultation free
and confidential. 1122 Market st.. bet. Mason
ar.d Taylor; offlce hours 9 to 5. Sundays 10-4.
CR. and MRS. DAV1ES. 1228 Market; ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated; lat*
scientific methods: treatment. $5. ¦ ¦
DR. NG TOT KEE. late ot Canton. China: dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento, cor.Kearny :advlce free.
Dr. James Pierce, 267 O'Farrell. rooms 3 and 4 —
Female specialist : home or offlce treatment $3.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reasona-
ble. IC'12 Folsom St.. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
T. S.-DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists,
HIS Market et.: every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private homa
In conflnement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
easf» cf the human body. 115 Mason rt.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALB.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 1>5-1J7 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shaftln?. pulleys,
-tc WHITELAW. 218 Spear St. -
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store ar.d office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on band;
M complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can 6hlp everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1017, 1CJ8. 102L 1023 Mission Bt.. abov*
Sixth; write for catalogue.
IS H. P. FIRE box boiler. $200: 20 H. P. boiler.
$2i0; 15 H. P. boiler, $100; 12 II. P. boiler, $125;
20 H. P. engine. J135: V) II. P. engine. $125;
power elevator, $50; purnps, shafting, etc.
MELVIN TAYLOR. 650 Brush St., Oakland.
A MOST elegant pair cluster diamond screws,
.with a beautiful turquoise in center, for $113;
tijf-y nre a bargain at $20O. UNCLE HARRIS,
H Grant ave.
AT a bargain— Nearly new 2-horse piano and
furniture moving wagon; all lettered; pack-
ing and sliding board Included; must sell; go-
ing to Nome. Inquire R. C. 220 Seventh St.
A NEW Weber piano; must be sold; party
going East. 8450 Nineteenth st.
OHMEN engine: 12x12; nearly new; SO to 40
horse power. 221 First at. ; top floqr.
WHISKY for family cr medicinal use: 4 full
quart bottles, expressage prepaid. $3 20; noth-
ing on case to indicate contents; twice the
price could buy no better; mall orders boIIc-
lted. F. EPHRAIM & CO.. 18 Montgomery.
E PIf ON * concert phonograph, price reduced to
J10O: concert records. $2 60. BACIGALUPi.
$33 Market st.. San Francisco.
J4-rOOT gisoline launch, in fine condition. $300.
C. P. STEWAP.T. 416 California it.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at 532 Mission st.
ST. BERNARD, also Great Dane pups; prize
ped'gd stock. St. George Ken.. Walnut Creek.
F ogc? R i7i E Fourt r h a st Dane PUPP '" for "'«•
A-$3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, nt Kearny it. nr.?Pin£
2ND-HAND Dow duplex steam pump: 8-ln
steam. 6-ln. water. H. B. WHITE. SIS Mission]
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants $2 75 MmjriT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery "
FULL line cameras and photo supplies- aellin*
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 613 Examiner bid/
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $} sof
Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand: movlnr
pictures. BULLAUD A BRECK. 131 Po«t ¦* •
CASH registers of every description for sal*
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. Sth and lo-.h.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planer*; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 138 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap.. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market »t.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burg-
lar proof safe. Z1C California «t.
MI3CELLA!VEOL'S— -FOR SALE
BAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 flre and burg-
lar proof cafe; cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES— New and second hand ; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. Ean Fran.
ONE 4-sided rticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor; S locomotives. 220 Fremont.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WASTS.
PRIVATE party will pay cash for a few nice
diamonds. Box 4319. Call.
WANTED— Second-hand revolving barber
chair: cheap. D. V.. box 100. Cloverdaie, Cal.
AIOXKV TO LOA.V
HEIRS to 'unsettled estates in probate can re-
ceive cash at once; also first or second mort-
gage loans on real estate, furniture and
pianos; no removal; prompt dealing: no
charge unless loan Is granted. EQUITABLE
.LOAN CO., room 60S. Examiner building.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. K.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle b'.Jg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. It. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. X
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S46 Market
it.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third at.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture cr pianos: no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Monteomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT ]2C Kearny st., room 9, respectable prlvat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
OX furniture and pianos without removal ; quick
service: money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
68 and 69, Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at 1V4 per cent; also
loam to salaried people. HARSHBARGER.
822 Ellis St.. room 34. '
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Exchnge. 431 Calif.
TO salaried people; without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people en note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commUslon; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market «t.
TO ralarled men without collateral or lndorser.
6. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MUSICAL. l.XSTUliMIO l'S.
BARGAINS of all kinds to-day at MAUVAIS.'
7C9 Market st.
WE always sell at low prices, but during June
we offer special bargains to every one; large
stock, best quality. MAUVAIS. 769 Market.
DECKER & SON, Packard, Boothe Bros, and
Arlington are the pianos we oiler as the best
and cheaivst. MAUVAIS. 763 Market st. *
A MAHOGANY Curtaz, good as new.
A walnut Weber, used very little.
A walnut Sterling, medium size. .
An oak Sterling, slightly used.
A walnut Vpse. from rental stock.
A mahogany Everett, splendid condition.
An ebonized Fischer, thoroughly repaired.
An oak Kinirsbury. good as new.
And many others, from $80 up; terms liberal.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 OTarrell et.,
Chickering. Steck. Vose, Sterling Agency.
BEAUTIFUL cabinet grand upright piano must
be sold immediately on account of removal
from city; 1135. Room 12. Flood , building.
AS we represent the beet make of pianos In
every grade, from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase: new upright pianos, $6 cash, $5 per
month; other pianos $3. $4 and $5 per month.
6HERMAN. CLAY & CO., Stelnway Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
DECKFHl & SON piano for sale: almost new;
cheap. 132 Slxtb Bt.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago ia KOHLER & CHASE'S.
£6. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
•II other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; price* lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy ch»
customer.
BARGAINS— A few pianos will be Bold this
i week for storage: offers wanted (cash or ln-
I bailments). Wilson's Storage Co.. 1710 Mrkt.
FINE Krell upright piano at a irreat bargain.
STATHAM. 106 McAllister et.
! £,/)_ FIXE upright piano; perfect order; great
bargain. 1259 Mlesion ft
REDUCTION *ale: new pianos. $5 payments;
for rent. $2 up. URtTENN, 208 Post St.
WANTED — 10 square pianos, six organs, fcr
country schools. BYRON MAUZY. 30S Post.
A STEINWAY. $163: Installments $3. $3. $7. $10;
rtnts $2 up. HEINE'S. 136 Ellis st.
EOI1MER & CO.. Byron Mauzy Pianos. 303 to !
'¦ »13 Poet St.
GOOD Fischer: great bargain. SCHMITZ. 19
McAllister «t. next Hlbernia Bank. j
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. narent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 l^atham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly 1
Call, IS pagee, cent to any address In trie
United States or Canada .one year for $1.
postage paid.
OFFICES AXD STORES — To Let.
KEARNY, 410 — Large Rlry light basement: good
location: moderate rent. A. M. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market St.
3 ROOMS and store, corner Larkin and Vallejo;
good location for barber or shoemaker; $10.
OFFICE, barns, etc. : place for coal yard, ratn
bltry; cheap rent. 3073 Twenty-fourth et.
LARGE store, with four living rooms; reason-
able. 704 Larkin fit., near Ellis.
LARGE stores and Funny offices near Hall of
Justice. BAP.IN. 413 Kearny st.
OIL.
IF you are buying oil stock you better read our
folder. "How to Judge an Oil Company";
mailed free on application. The International
Investments Co.. Henne bldg.. Los Angeles.
PALMISTRY.
VME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain Coller* of.
Palmistry; reads 1 to 8. C16 Geary, nr. Jones.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary & Post: phone black 561.
PERSONALS.
ATTORNEY, age 26 years, wishes to correspond
with lady, age IS to 25 years; confidential;
please send photograph; object matrimony.
Address LEX, box 43SS. Call offlce.
LADY, 34, stranger, desires acquaintance of
lady: object, friendship; one v/ho likes the-
aters preferred; references exchanged. Ad-
dress box 4341, Call office.
JUNE— I will come back unless I hear from you
soon; write same No. 236. J.
GO TO LEDERER.
The Popular hairdresser;
he has but one price and always
gives you the very latest styles.
He uses Qulntonica hair tonic, 35c bot.,
and Foamo Shampoo, Be pkg.
G. LEDERER. 123 STOCKTON ST. V
AN ounce of prevention is worth a pound of
cure— Take a Jar of Almondine Skin Food and
a bottle Of Uettuce Lotion if you are going to
the country: it will prevent tan and freckles
and dry "kin. MME. FISHER. 19 Powell st.;
phone Red 5201. -
AT my offlce you can be treated for eczema,
dandruff. Itching scatp, falling and gray hair,
etc., or have hair grown on your bald head
and' pay when contract is completed; consul-
tation' and diagnosis free; Inclose stamp for
treatise. E. R. DUNLAP. 6 Eddy st.. S. P..
parlors 73 and 74. -
PRIVATE— A home in" conflnement: removed
from the bustle and din of a large city; prl-
. vacy which cannot be obtained at hospitals
or sanitariums; physicians having patients
desiring to administer medical sen-ices them-
selves can do so: country patients solicited.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
THE Star Hair Remedy Is guaranteed to re-
store gray hair to natural color, stop falling;
cures dandruff and itching scalp; grows new
hair; at druggists and hairdressers.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, all blemishes perma-
nently removed: . $2 60; confidential. . DR.
FELT ON. 1236 Market, room S3. ¦
LADIES— Secret: enlarge bust 6 inches free.
ZANZEMETTO CO., Dept. 6. Milwaukee. WIs.
USE Llllle Webb's snap, made from California
olive oils, roots and herbs; '10c; at druggists.
RAG carpets wove to order and, for Bale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer ¦¦ In
carpet twine. In hank, or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 70S Fifth. Oakland.
PERSONALS.
HENRY CARTER, or sisters, EMILIA and
JULIA— Father and mother dead; names were
Henry and Elizabeth; , left Australia in the
early fifties; important; send your addres.3.
UNCLE CAROLIN. care Singer Co.. S. F.
MME.ADA cures nervous prostration, insomnia,
blindness, Briehfa disease and rupture when
all ethers fail: see thiB wonderful, gifted
; healer; she will cure you. 1343 Howard, nr. 10th.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and magnetic
treatment. S50 Market st.. second floor, rm. 37.
$2 DO LADIES' shoes for $1 50 a pair at the Bee
Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market et., near Third.
$2 50 MEN'S shoes for $150 a pair at the Bea
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market st., near Third.
AMATEUR photographers— Save 50 per cent by
having your work done at Rembrandt Studio,
850 Market St.. cor. Stockton; kodaks, 3'j4x3&,
only 25c: no charge for blank negatives; pro-
fessional advice free; lessons given. 50c each.
PRIVATE detective -pork; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
G. D. MORSE, photographer, 26C6 Pacific ave.,
between Pierce and Scott; phone Steiner 3391.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third Ft., near Market; 100 rooms;
I5c to $150 cer night; $160 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from Imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
IF you wlrh full value for your cast-off cicthlm?
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third; teL Black 4123.
LADIES' and gents' castoff clothing bought and
eold. Bilverman. 884 FolEom;tel Folsom 1191.
FULL-DRESS and other suits bought; also old
gold. Portland Loan Offlce, 25 Stockton st. .
ACADEMY for the NEW SCIENCE OF HEAL-
INO; all diseases are curable; WITHOUT
DRUGS. WITHOUT OPERATIONS: consulta-
tlon free. DR. WM. SCHMITT. 527 Post gt.
HAIR quickly curl'd or waved by .using Tal-
cott's Curling Fluid; 25c bottle: druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought:
Fond rwtal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny »t.
PHYSICIANS AM> SURGEONS.
FREE treatment 1 month to Introduce our fa-
mous remedies. DR. POPE & CO.. 89 Turk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CHRONIC and other diseases positively cured.
DR. GORDIN. 514 Pir.e St.. near Kearny.
I'HOTOUIIAI'UIC SUl'PLIliS.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backu*
etudlo. 11 Geary St.. ground floor.
KEAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
E3s MAHfthi nulLLi,
ON INSTALLMENTS.
BEAUTIFUL NEW HOME.
$300 cash — Balance Installment loan at 6 per
cent; 6-room house, porcelain tubs, birds-
eye maple tiled mantel, dome ceilings, 2
bay-windows, Iron fence, cement bulk-
head and steps; every modern Improve-
ment; on Dolores St.
WILL TRADE FOR ALAMEDA PROFERTT.
$3500— Residence of 8 rooms and bath and base-
ment; lot 26:3x110 ft.; Steiner st., near
Halght; $3100 mortgage can remain.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
$6000— Elegant modern residence, 8 rooms and
bath, basement; every modern improve-
ment; porcelain tubs, tile mantels, eta;
on best block on Scott st.
A LOVELY ARTISTIC NEW RESIDENCE
AT A BARGAIN.
$S000— Reduced from $7000; 9 rooms and bath;
finished basement; every modern Improve-
ment; on Cole St., near Panhandle.
REAL ESTATE: CITY — FOR SALES.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
Real Estate Agents,
14 Montgomery st.
$13,500— Elegant Pacific Heights mansion, 14
rooms; 2 baths, butler's pantry, laun-
dry-, etc.; 33:4x137:6; grand unobstructed
marine views.
$3,000— Grand marine views; Lake st.; elegant
new cottage of 6 rooms and bath; mod-
ern In every particular; 25x100.
$1,750 — Cozy corner home near Misslon-st. cars
and Cortland ave.; cottage and lot 50x
10O ; room for 2 more houses.
$4,000— Rents $<20 per annum; 2 flats of 6 and a
rooms and bath each; brick foundation,
etc.; 26xS0; Mission warm belt; handy to
several lines of cars.
$17,000— Rents $1320 per annum; to close an es-
tate; store and 5 flats; substantial im-
provements; lot 77:6x100, with an L 25x
25; fronts on 2 streets; only 4 blocks
from the City Hall.
$11,000— Rents $340 per annum; 2 elegant modern
flats of 7 rooms and bath each; sunny
line of Fell st.; will be facing the park
panhandle; 25x137:6.
$1,750— San Jose ave.; cozy cottage of 4 rooms
and bath: 20x90; easy terms.
$2,000— Corner; 125x70; short distance from Mls-
sion-st. cars; 2-story house of 7 roorts
and bath; brick foundation, etc; sani-
tary plumbing; fruit trees.
$2,000— Mission home; large corner near Mis-
sion and Guerrero s>t. car lines; cottage
of 4 rooms and lot.
$2,500— Rents $360 per annum; 2 flats of 6 and 9
rooms and bath each: near Sixth and
" Harrison sts.
$2,750 — Very cheap Mission home: nice 2-story
bay-window house of 7 rooms and bath;
brick foundation, etc.: 23x114; sunny slds
of street; half a block from Caatro-st.
cars.
$3,000 — Rents $300 per annum; store and 3 rooms
and 3 tenements; near Fifth and Ship-
ley EtS.
$4,000— Bargain: Pine St.; nice 2-story and base-
ment bay-window residence of 7 rooms
and bath; 25x137:6; nicely located.
. New Pocket Map of San Francisco County.
23c
Choice list of building lots In all parts of the
city At prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," . which contains a list of properties
for sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery Bt.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. -
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
MARKET-STREET CORNER.
Near City Hall: 27:9x137:6; a splendid oppor-
tunity; only $43,500.
H-STREET FRONTAGES.
Several choice lots on this thoroughfare at
moderate prices and on easy terms; get parti-
culars at office.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$27.600— Paclflc-ave. residence; elegant modern
residence; 17 rooms, 2 baths; all arrangements
for an up-to-date home; lot 37:6x122:6.
$6500— Octavla st., near Broadway; two-story
residence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:8;
rents $45.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$40,000— Third-st. corner; 137:6x137:6: stor» and
flats; good Improvements ; rents $250.
$45,00*— Folsom-st. corner: manufacturing dis-
trict; 3 frontages; rents $170: lot 100x37:6.
$11,000— Rents $113; Castro-st. corner; stores
and flats; lot 5OxS0.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$8250— Ritch sC; 5 flats; rents $42 50; lot 22xSO.
$f 000— Rents $65; Natoma st.. near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flats above; lot 27x75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$2750— Richmond district; entirely new; I cot-
tases; modern In every respect: easy terms.
J33E0— Sunset district; 2 handsome new mod-
ern residences. Just completed: 6 rooms and
bath and- basement; lot 25x120; easy terms.
$11,000— Pine gt., near Buchanan; good mod-
ern residence, 10 rooms and bath; up-to-date
plumbing; electric lights; lot 25x137:6.
'-VACANT LOTS.
$5000 — Van Xess ave.; corner: -32x109.
$15.000— Presidio Heights; corner: 137:6xl27:SU;
fine marine view: choice residence lot.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
$3250— Mill Valley cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
partly finished attic; large lot; will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
NEW PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$15dp cash— Balance on installments, $34 p*r
month; Clayton St., near Panhandle; 2
new flats. 6 and 7 rooms and bath; every
modern Improvement; rents $50 per month.
$75C0— Rents $S05 per annum; 3 new elegant mod-
ern flats of 5 rooms and bath; fine man-
j tels, frescoed dome ceilings, etc.; Ash-
j bury «t-, near Panhandle.
' SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS.
$5500— Rents $S64 per annum; 6 flats of 4 and 7
rooms; lot 50x75 feet, near Sixth and Fol-
som sts.
$3500 — Rents $552 per annum; 6 flats on Welch
et., near Fourth.
$3100— Rents $567 per annum; 6 fiats, 4 and 5
rooms; lot 33:9x75 feet; Clara St., near
Sixth.
A FEW BARGAIXS IX LOTS.
$700-Cllpper st.. near Noe: 26:3x100.
$1000— Lyon st., near Post; 25x100 feet.
S1SC0— Natoma St., near Seventh.
$2000 — Tehama St., near Fourth; 25x75 feet.
$2400— Page fit., near Cole; 23x137:8 feet.
$3000 — Corner on Washington St.; 30x100.
$S30 and upward— Fine level lots on Hyde st.
car line; small amount cash, balance ln-
Etallments; will build to suit on terms.
EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market street.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 6C7 Market St.,
Opposite Kearny.
$72,ono— Corner, near Market and Jones; 75
feet frontage; rare buy.
$42,500— Rents $400; lot 80x137:6 feet: modern
building: pays 10 per cent.
$32,000— Fourth st., near Townsend; 137:6x
137:6; near railroad and warehouses.
$28,000— Vicinity Larkin and McAllister; lot
6S:9xl20 feet; two frontages: rents $210.
$23,000— Sixth St.; 75 feet frontage; 4 stores
and 50 rooms above; rents $200.
$12,E00— Half block from Market and Steuart
sts. : brick building.
$12.500— Ninth Bt.; close to Mission; 88 feet
front: two stores and flats.
• $9000— Rents $100; lot 100x137:6; Powell-st. car
line.
$7250 — Broadway. between Buchanan and
Webster sts.; lot 34:4«4xl32 feet; choicest resi-
dence site. 1
$6500— Six bay-window flats: rents $66; lot
48x75: near Sixth and Howard sts.
$C500— 1225 Bush St.. lot 30x137:6; house of 14
rooms; must be sold.
?'*00— Powell St.: three flats; rents $62.
$4500— Four fine flats; Capp St.; rents $40.
I $*0C0— Rents $40; five flats; two frontages;
j Vallejo Bt.
$2750—91 South Park: house and lot; 21x107:6.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St..
W. H. CRIM & CO.. 113 Montgomery st.
McAllister, opposite City Hall; 60x87:6.
$15,ono— Eddy, near Leavenworth; substantial
house; 27:6x137:6.
Potrero block; well located for manufacturing
or warehouse purposes.
jSOOO— Twenty-fourth St.. near Bryant; four
flats, 50x104; half cash:
$5500— A bargain; Market st, near Church;
7 rooms and bath: 25x100.
Two neat cottages of 6 rooms and bath each;
liberal term"
$6000 — Second, near Brannan; store and flat;
25xS0.
$1600— Corner 21st and Colllngwood; 27x75.
$1250— Liberty st., near Dolores; 25x114.
$1000— Cottage of 7 rooms and bath; Sears
St., Ocean View; port cash.
Cheap lots on Installments, no Interest.
AT A GREAT BARGAIN ON EASY TERMS.
New modern 6-room and bath house on Ninth
ave., between Clement and California «ts. ; en-
trance to new music stand. Golden Gate Park;
will double In value. Also new 5-room and
bath on Hoffman ave., Heyman tract, and
4-room and bath on Buena Vista. ave., near
Twenty-ninth and Mission sts.
JACOB HEYMAN, Owner and Builder.
117 Sutter st.
PARK lots for sale on reasonable terms.
For rent or for sale, modern house of S rooms
and bath; 1615 Lyon Bt., west side, between
California and Sutter sts.
JACOB HEYMAN, Owner. 117 Sutter st.
V
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING
*•%> ,' ¦ ¦ , ¦ " *
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. .
$450 to $800— Choicest Sunset lots; all bargains ;
sewered and graded; ready to build on; $10
monthly. '
$250 to $500— Choicest Richmond building lots-
$10 monthly.
$100 to $250— Level building lots; near Misslon-
st. and San Mateo electric car line; $5 monthly.
$660 to $1000— For small cottages in excellent
locations, near cars; payments same as rent.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETS & BROTHER,
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
ASTONISHING proposition; jtist think of It;
$2400 yearly rental income on 10 years' lease;
one year's rent will be paid in advance; guar-
anteed by deducting from purchase price: has
rented for $456 a month: over . $30,000 was re-
fused 2 years ago; should bring that much any
day; cost and worth $45,600; title Derfect'and
now free of debt, but owing to peculiar cir-
cumstances is offered for $15,000: % cash will
do; It's a grandly built 3-story building, con-
taining 75 elegantly finished rooms In good
condition on corner lot: 100x200 feet. The fools
will cry fake, while the sensible man makes
over $10,000 by purchasing: really. better than
stated: call and see photograph. - N. :¦ D
SICKELS.; the Land Agent. 6 Geary at.
KEY at 2400 Broadway— New, modern, artistic,
complete; Pacific Heights residence: 11 rooms
2 baths. THE MCCARTHY CO.; 646 Market.
"ALL sorts of -financial problems solved by H.
MURPHY, 630 Market; 2d mortgages; estate*.
WITHIN THE REACH OF ALL.
THOSE HANDSOME NEW HOMES ON
A8HBURT HEIGHTS.
Clayton St., near Frederick; contain large re-
ception hall, pretty parlors, dining-room and
kitchen on parlor floor: 4 large, sunny bed-
rooms, with dressing-rooms attached, on sec-
ond floor: open plumbing: beautiful mantels;
marble steps; splendid taste shown in the dec-
orations; charming situation: superb views;
blue cars on Eddy (Halght and Ellis transfer),
pass the property: only a few hundred cash
required down; balance in small monthly pay-
ments, at a low rate of Interest.
LYOX & HOAO, 114 Montgomery st.
SWELL FLATS
IN A SELECT NEIGHBORHOOD.
$10,750— Pay over 10 per cent; choice location
in Western Addition; not far from town; 3
handsome new flats; marble steps; tiled ves-
tibule; latest sanitary plumbing; a fine In-
vestment.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
PAYS OVER 20 PER CENT
ON THE AMOUNT INVESTED.
$3100 — Two nice flats (almost new) on Tremont
ave.; 2 blocks from the Park; contain 4 and 5
rooms, bath, etc.: 2 expensive mantels In each
flat: fine sunny rooms; good neighborhood;
only $1000 cash required, balance on mortgage.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery sy
A FORECLOSURE SALE.
HANDSOME MISSION HOME SACRIFICE.
JS500— Fine house on Dolores St., between 23.1
and 24th; contains 10 big rooms; splendid
basement; cost over $10,000 to build; extra
large lot 60x117, to alley; pretty garden and!
lawns; best part of the Mission; mortgage
$7000.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
$10,500— Rent $37; 3 handsome new flats, near
Jefferson square; only ten minutes' walk to I
Market st.: contain 6. 6 and 7 rooms; these
flats are the best investment for the money
In the market; large lot.
¦ LYON & HOAO, 111 Montsromery st.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
51? CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
S55.000 — NW. corner; Turk St., near Larkin:
137:6x137:6: rents $295: partially Improved.
$50,000— Warehouse in vicinity of Fourth and
'Townsend sts.; 99x240 feet: 2 frontages.
Broadway, near Franklin Bt.— 77x137:6; modern
house of 18 rooms.
$2S.0OO— Market St., near Valencia: 3S:lU4xl24;
irregular to Stevenson St.: frame Improvements.
$12,500— Union st., near Taylor; 3 modern flats
and rear house; 25:9xi;3:9; rents $37.
JSOOO— Ellis st., near Octavla; 25x120; house of
8 rooms and bath. ~— —
$7250— Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave.: 25x100;
house of 12 rooms.
J7000 — 3acramento_ St., near Hyde; 35x120: house
9 rooms and bath; rent $35.
$5500— Fourth St., near Harrison; 25xS0; store
and flat: sale urgent: rents $50.
$6500— Grove St., near Central ave.; 25x137:6;
new 3-story bay-windew flats: rents $50.
Natoma St.. near Tenth — 50x75; 3 houses;
rentr. $60; must be sold.
$6000— Vallejo St., near Mason; 48:1*4x13. :S,
with an L; 2 flats and rear house: rents $64.
jSOOO— Folsom St., near Eighth; 25x90; 2 flats:
ror.ts $46.
J560O— Green st.. near Dupont: 16:6xSO; 3 bay-
window flats; rents $55. «,...-
$5500— Octavla st.. near Vallejo; 25xll2:«; two-
story modern residence. -- '¦'¦¦ ¦¦¦ •
$4250— Webster st., near Filbert; 25x100: 6-room
cottape. . ¦ _ " ¦
$3750— Ellis St.. near Pierce; 30x75; cottage:
$23C^>-Ccntral ave.. near Hayes St.; store and
4 rocms and bath; 25x100.
UNIMPROVED.
137:6x137:6— Ccr. Hayes and Lyon sts.
$<;000— Cor. Guerrero and Fourteenth: 6SxSS.
$T50 each Post St.. neax Devisadero; Z lots.
3 5 X 00_W. line Mission, S. of Army; 3 lots.
$2250— McAllister St., near Lyon: JoxlOO.
$lE00—U;r.ion St.. near Pierce: 25:2x100.
og^jos vW cor. Fountain and 25th sts.
32:6x100— Cor. Point Lobos and Eleventh aves.
" IF YOU WANT A HOME
FOR YOUR RENT MONET,
WELL BUILT.
WELL LOCATED,
U~$'::-' Lot 37:6x118.
Street work done. Gas mains laid.
All rooms tinted; 2 mantels: porcelain bath,
and. in fact, all the latest Improvements.
Ride out to-day on the Twenty-seccnd-st.
branch of the Misslon-st. cars and ride to
Hoffman ave.: the cottase Is on Alvarado st.
J A COTTER will show it to you; or.
j. a. vu Q3CAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
TE\MSTERS EXPRESSMEN. DAIRYMEN!
a' fine opportunity to get a home on easy
terms with large lot and barn, on Alvarado
Bt near Douglass; a well-built 5 room and
bath cottage with driveway and 10-foot base-
ment -also new barn. 25x70. on lot 25x114 ad-
loinlnK' room for 6 horses, wagons, etc.; large
hay loft and all sewer connections made; the
barn cost !500 to buidl: all can be had at a
bargain. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post St.
WORKINGMEN t
For $12 50 a month you can buy a new 4 room
and bath cottage and lot 25x100; street work
done- sanitary plumbing; only half a block
from Mission rt.^ HEYMAy „ pQst
«"50— $5 MONTHLY: lot graded and sewered;
near Mission and Thirtieth sts.
$300 buys 2 lots; $5 monthly; near Crescent
ave. and Mission st.
j75 100x120; near San Mateo electric cars.- :
50 lots. $150 to $SCO each, near Twenty-second-
st. cars; street work done: $5 monthly.
9 . OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Poet st.
$500 BUYS 4 lots, 30x100 each; level and ready
to build on; close to Mission at.: $5 monthly.
. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Poat St.
MENLO PARK. '. _ .
Polhemus Tract.
. 2V4 to 10 acre tracts: wood and 'water; choice
location: bank sale; easy terms; cheapest prop-
erty on the market. > v " ¦
$4500— Beautiful Alameda residence; exchange
for Western .Addition property and pay cash
difference, or will . take half in country - prop-
erty. W. G.' GRIFFITH. .
Rooms 311 and 312, Hearst building. :
REAL I2STATE CITY — FOR SALE.
LOTS OX PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
$S5 per foot; lots any size; north side of Clay;
with marine view; near Maple.
$2250— Unobstructed marine view; Pacific st..
near Walnut; 25x127 :S each, or can give 27 :«
or 30x127:8. at same rate.
$100 per front foot; north side of Jackson st.,
near Soruce; marine view unsurpassed; lots
level; on grade; ready for building; lots any
size.
$2000 each— Lots en Jackson st., near Locust;
any size; also on Locust, near Jackson; at
same rate; street accepted.
S13S0— Street accepted; Maple, between Clay and
Sacramento; 2CxS7:6.
tlZOO— Clay, near Maple; street bltuminlzed; 23x
127.
VAN NESS AVENUE XOTS.
$30 per foot — Lots any size, near Lombard; east
side; street accepted.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22 Montgomery st.
$7000— JUST the price of the lot; the house
thrown in; Bush St., sunny side, nr. Octavla:
30x120 to rear street; 2 frontages: fine 2-story
bay-window house of S rooms and porcelain
bath; could be altered Into flats. O. D. BALD-
WIN & SON. 22 Montgomery st.
S4500— RESIDENCE on Scott st.. nr. California:
sun in every room; 7 rooms and bath; all
modern conveniences; nice lawn and flower
garden; few steps from 2 lines cf cars; extra
fine location. O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22
Monteomery st.
$14,000— RENTS $125 per month: pnys S per
cent net: Howard st., near Fourth: 4-ftory
and basement building nearly new; cost $11,000
to build: concrete basement, etc.: a good buy.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22 Montgomery St.
$10,500— RENTS $1080 per annum; 3 new flats
on Turk St.. near l.aguna: 6 rooms and porce-
lain bath each; open plumbing: tiled bath-
rooms: pays 10 per cent. O. D. BALDWIN &
SON. 22 Montgomery st.
$7000— RENTS $7^) per annum; pays over 10 per
cent; Oak st., fronting Park; two new arvi
handsome flats of <> and 7 rooms; porcelain
bath: all the latest imDTOvements; sun in
every room: street bltuminlzed ;. electric cars:
call at once. O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22
Montgomery et.
$3500— RENTS $336 per annum; pays 11 per cent;
2 nice flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each:
on Second st. O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22
Montgomery st.
$20CO— RENTS $240 per annum: pays 12 per cent:
2 fiats. 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; Harri-
son st.. near Twelfth. O. D. BALDWIN &
SON, 22 Montgomery st.
$3300 — FINE unobstructed marine view; lot 33x
117:9; on Maple, near Jackson. O. D. BALD-
WIN & SON. 22 Montgomery st.
$14,500— RENTS $1410 per annum: pays 10 per
cent: 4 new flats on corner; Panhandle dis-
trict: choice Investment. O. D. BALDWIN.
22 Montgomery st.
$2500 EACH-Lots on Van Ness ave.; 25x109
each; level; on grade; ready for building;
street bltumlnized and '¦ accepted. O. D.
BALDWIN & SON. 22 Montgomery St.
$V),00<>— BEAUTIFUL, nearly new residence of
10 rooms and all the latest up-to-date im-
provements; large lot, 50x114; with lovely
lawn and Rowers; tennis court, bllllard-room
and furnace, etc.; handsomely furnished: fur-
niture goes with the place at the above price.
O. D. BALDWIN & SOX. 22 Montgomery st.
$7800— ELEGANT new residence, 12 rooms;
porcelain bath, tiled bathroom, bllllard-room,
furnace, servant's room, laundry, etc. : elec-
tric lights : hardwood floors; rooms hand-
somely decorafed and frescoed: tiled vesti-
bula; concrete walks, etc.: Panhandle district.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22 Montgomery st.
$fi500— RESIDENCE of 10 rooms and porcelain
bath: Panhandle district: key lot. O. D.
BALDWIN & SON. 22 Montgomery st.
MADISOX & BURKE, Real Estate Agents,
626 Market St., orp. Palace Hotel,
Established 1S5S.
Ellls-st. Investment, near Taylor; lot 27:«x
137:6: this Is downtown and in fast advancing
locality.
J17.C00— Fulton st., between Polk st. and Van
Ness ax-e.; lot 50x120 to A*h ave.
$6500— Capp St., near Eighteenth; rents $63;
Hats all rented: 37:6x122:6.
$C0O— Laundry: well leased; Lombard it.,
near Fillmore: 6S:9xl37:6.
California St.. adjoining corner Polk; lot 50x
$7:6; must be sold to close estate.
Choice corner for flats — 'Webster st. and Wfl-
dey ave.; 27:6xSl:3; old improvements; now pay-
ing good interest; $J00 cash, balance easy terms.
JSOOO — McAllister St., near Laguna; rents $57;
lot 26:6x120 to Locust ave.
$5000— Washington St.. near Stockton; 23x137:6
to an alley; well Improved.
SoCOO — Baker ft.; near Sacramento; 3 rooms
and bath; In perfect order; 23:6x102:6.
{"SCO — Pearl St., near Market; 8 rooms and
bath; 25xS0.
$2300— Bryant St.. near Seventh; two cottages;
rents $20; lot 20xS0.
$3100 — Oak Grove ave.. near Harrison st-:
rents $26; lot 25x112.
$4230— Octavia St., near Halght; an elegant
lot for modern flats; S7:€xl00.
$3500 — Greenwich st., between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 25:3xlC0.
$1500— Day St., near Church; cottage of five
rooms; lot 25x114.
MADISON & BURKE.
: t26 Market st.. opp. Palace Ho tel.
JOHN PFORR. 403 PINE ST..
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
Reduced 'on account of owner leaving the I
city to $5750; rent $^40 per annum; a ciee busl- ;
ness property; on Geary street; store and
flats.
$4000— On account of Ill-health of owner, nice
house fronting Panhandle, near Lyon street;
only $U0O cash required.
Church St., near Market— A fine lot with Im-
provements; 25x125.
SSOCK>— Fillmore St., near Halght ; four fine
nearly new flats.; lot EOxSO: rent $fi5.
$3000 each— Four splendid lots, 25x00 each, on
Thirteenth (formerly Ridley) st.. Just west of
Valencia.
$1500 each— Five lots, 2ox~0 each, on Clinton
Park, west of Valencia St.
$3400— Rent $30; a splendid piece of business
property: store and dwelling; lot 25x73.
PARK LOTS— AN EASY METHOD TO
GET ONE.
On Installments— $5 per month: Park lots Kx
120 feet each: well located: only five blocks
from the Park and four blocks from the boule-
vard.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON.
323 Montgomery st.
See these fine views alone Hyd«»-st. cars.
$12,000 — Northeast corner Hyde and Francisco
sts.; 137x137; fine view of bay; Hyde-st. cars;
buy now while you can get it cheap.
$6300— NW. cor. Hyde and Filbert sts.; 60x137;
fine site for building: Hyde or Union st. cars.
$2500 — SE. cor. Larkin and Filbert sts. ; 41x62;
pretty site for home or flats: view of bay. ;
$15,000 — SW. cor. Green and Leavenworth sts. ; '
137x137; good dwell ins; handsome grounds;
superb view all around; easy of access from
Union or Hyde st. cars.
$18.000 — Business property: FHlmore, near Cal-
ifornia: stores and Cats; rents S14.V* per annum.
HAWKS & SKELTOX. 323 Montgomery st.
FIDELITY REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
207 Montgomery st.
WE ADVERTISE BARGAINS ONLY.
- $j."00-fHouse, 8 rooms and bath: 25x100; Valen-
cia St.. near Twentieth; $4000 bank mortgage;
will pay good Interest with small expense;
good location for stores.
$3500— Two flats, 5 rooms and bath each; rents
$2»: lot 26x100.
$3250 — Modern house; 8 rooms and bath; cost
$5500: rents $25: lot 25x114.
$3500— Two frontasres: old Improvements; rents
$49: near Palace Hotel.
$2220— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath: San Jcse
ave., near Thirtieth st. : 27x105.
FIDELITY REAL ESTATE CO..
207 Montgomery st.
$400— NICE building lot; price reduced; La'dley
St.. near Castro.
$1200— Offer wanted: street bituminized; can
arrange terms: Eighteenth, St., between Xoe
and Sanchez; 25x114.
$2200—3924 Army st.. near Church; 25x114; part
cash: fine cottage home; everything in first-
class order. McEWEN BROS..
113 Montgomery st.
BARGAIN— $623 cash, balance J3 per month- on
Installments: choice building lots on Eliza-
beth st.. between Douglass st. and Hoffman
ave.; size 25x114 feet: hnJf a block from elec-
tric cars; this location is being rapidly built
up by nice new houses and the- lots offered
are the cheapest in the Mission; ready for
building: will give possession Immediately;
will arrange to build: Installment payments
if desired. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
Cottage; 4 rooms; lot 50x120 .....$2300
¦New mod. 7-room house; $1000 cash $4000
2-story 8-room house; Sacramento st $26fr)
2 lots; 16th ave.; part cash: each $373
Cottage 6 moms: modern; part cash $1900
House and 2 lots; all cash .; $1000
. WEST END LANP CO.. 323 Clement st.
LOT 50x90; house 10 rooms and bath; $3500-
Lombard st. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON &
CO.. 1708 Market st.
2 ACRES and \i, of land, joining the Jewish
Cemetery: ?20<i0. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON
& CO.. 1706 Market st.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; !0xll4 feet.
(1600— North line Carl st., near Stanyan: 25x
137:6 feet.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
NEW RESIDENCE PACIFIC HEIGHTS
2303 Vallejo st.. near FHlmore; now open; •
bedrooms. 2 baths, 3 closets, furnace, launiry.
electric fittings throughout: halls white cedar:
dining room oak to cetllns: living room wain-
scoted in hard wood, with beamed ceilinsr. large
open fireplace; splendid residence; gran.1 marine
view; cars to the door. HOOKER & LENT 14
Test «t
ilODERN houses and Rats built at lowest
prices: plans and estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 11 17 Mission St.
KEAL ESTATK COU.YTllY — For Sal»
ANNOUNCEMENT!
We desire to call the attention of intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains in
income-producing orchard, vineyard, (jraln and
stock farms, many of which are bank fore-
closures, that we have for sale. Our Mr. Bush,
having had 40 years' knowledge anj experience
• n the value of laniTs. and being the owner of
an income-pro<iuctnK orchard and vineyard, e^n
intelligently direct Intending buyers tr» the best
lands and bargains in the State. Call or writs
for wha* you want and stat» (1) the amount of
money you wish to Invest. (2) number of acres
you prefer. (3) use for which land U desired.
(4) whether Improved or unimproved land is de-
sired. (3) locality preferred, (a) any further In-
formation that will enable us to understand
your wants, and we will then ser>5 y>u such de-
scriptiens only as will be of Interest to you.
I>AVID BUSH & SON. successors to Country
Dei>artm»nt.
VJinS'O & CO.. II Montgomery St.
MARIN CO.. 2« mlten from S. F.-iKMo JSO per
aore; choice lands in tracts of all slz-'?; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit .and vegetable lands; eai<y l»rnn; rail
and water transit: kooG schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 3. Sth floor. Mills bldg.. S.F.
iZHO DOWN" and balance on time will get any
of these farms in nearby cnuntr— i acres. 1>>.
13. SO. 46. S>> and 100 acres: lmoroved. M.
GRIFFIN. 713 Market, rm. 1. near Call bldg.
SONOMA COUNTY— Two miles from dtatlnn;
unique mountain ranch. MS pcres: well tlm-
bTf-d; mile trout . fl3hin(r: 800 fruit trees.
Apply W. JAMES "LEWIS. Kenwood. Cal.
; FOR a barjraln in a nice, small house and big
lot see S. PETERSEN, Snell ave.. near San
Leandro road.
FOR sale at a bargain— In Cottage Terrace,
within *i of mile of Stanford University, a
block 2S0x2iO: fenced, with variety of bearing
fruit trees: also 2 cottages of 4 rooms each;
lots 37x125 at same place. Address S. 6.
TOWNSEND. Palo Alto. Cal.. box 216.
STOCK and grain ranch for sale In Colusa Co. ;
1240 acres; $10 an acre: 500 grain, rest In hill
land. M. 3. CHAXDON. Marysvlile. Cal.
FIXE Improved ranch of 153 acres: for sale
cheap; on account of old age. For further
particulars call 410A Bay St.. from S to 8 p. m.
LOS GATOS— For «ale. a very desirable prop-
erty: « 73-100 acres, mostly within town
limits: good larv house, etc: also a com-
fortable 6-room house, with bath; beautifully
situated: climate unexcelled; Broad and Nar-
row-gauge trains. Address Owner, box 266,
Los Gatoa. ¦-• "•
FOR sale— Rare banrnln: San Josa residence.
Address S. C. SPERO. care Call. 9. F.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLY lots— 50x100. $300. or larger pieces
in proportion: San Rafael water system: fine
view; sprinkled road: 5 minutes' walk from
new station ot Kent: 10 minutes from Ros3
Station; flier and all trains stop at th?s- sta-
tions. Apply P. ROSS. Kent Station, or C. II.
STANYAN, 31 Market St.. San Francisco.
ROOMS FOR HOI'SEKEEFIVO.
I BAKER, 2110— Completely furnished sunny up-
per floor. 3 rooms and bath; reasonable; ref.
BRADY. 44. off Market— Nice housekeeping
rooms; furnished complete.
BUSH. 833^— One large unfurnished sunny room
for housekeeping; gas and bath.
EDDY, 207— Nice large furnished front rooms:
cheap; light housekeeping; gas, bath; quiet.
FELL. 24 — Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
running water; furnished complete.
FIFTH. 119. Flat 2— One large front bay-wtn-
dow room: also housekeeping rooms.
FIRST. 230—4 rooms for housekeeping; business
location; rent cheap.
FOLSOM. 523 — Large sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping; $1 50 week.
FOLSOM. 1530-Bunny furnished alcove front
room for 2 gentlemen or light housekeeping.
FOURTH. 225— Ntce housekeeping- rooms; also
sinsle.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 105>— Three sunny un-
furnished rooms for housekeeping; bath.
HARRISON. 721— Front and back parlor fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; large yard:
rent |13.
HOWARD. 805H. nr. Fourth— Sunny furnished
I back and front rooms for housekeeping.
HOWARD. 1C«1— Large front room: two con-
necting completely furnished housekeeping
rooms; runninic water.
HOWARD, 1141—2 sunny rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekps; also single; reasonable.
HOWARD. 1C06— A single rocm for light house-
keeping; cheap.
HYDE. 4CS — Sunny front suite comolete for
housekeeping, $H; also front parlor suite.
LARKIN. 716— Two furnished front housekeep-
irc rpoms.
MARKET. 133S. bet. Eighth and Nlr.th— 8 sunny
r ¦¦'¦ m?: range; water; yard; 112 50 to $13;
quiet place.
MARKET, IKS — Largre. sunny alcove ant
kitchen. $10; furnished kitchen and bedroom $7.
MINNA. 28 — Sunny furnished housekeeping and
slnele rooms. 75c and $1.
MINNA. 5.T5. near Sixth— Large sunny house-
keeplnc room, $7.
MISSION. 1121— Housekeeping rooms, $10 suite
and ur<; no objection to children.
MISSION. 142? — Nicely furnished parlor suite;
suitable for light housekeeping.
MISSION. 2(t>.t— Single nx>rc« and double front
bay-window room: housekeeping rooms.
NINTH. 113— Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
running water; fl2; aJ.«o 2 hourekpg rms; $».
NOE, 131. near Market— 2 sunny bar-w!n<Jow
rooms: modern Cat; complete for housekeep-
Ing-. 112.
OAK. 119 — Fingle rooms; sunny front: furnished
for housekeeping; J.% $6 and JS each.
POST, 962— Sunny housekeeping ro^ms, $15 anj
$20; other sunny rooras. $7 and $10.
POWELL. 710 — Connecting rooms, complete for
housekeeping: gas. bath and yard; $13.
POWELL.- Sll'-i— Desirable unfurnished kitchen
and large sunny rm. ; neighborhood nice; $3.
SOUTH PARK. 1S4— Two sunny front rooms,
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
TEHAMA. t2— 2 or 3 rooms, furnished; station-
ary tubs; rent reasonable.
THIRD. 415— Nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping, gas stove: also front sunny room;
modern, new building: us» of bath; refernc9.
THIRTEENTH. 4H5. cor. Valencia— Suite fur-
nished front rooms: housekeeping; nawly
renovated; sink; bath: $12.
TURK. 332 — Two front rooms, housekeeping,
reasonable: one parlor.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3725. nr. Dolores— 2 suites of
(tunny bay-window rooms; nice, neat.
ROO3IS TO LET — Farn. and L'nfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 143 Sixth— Rooms
25c to SI per night. SI 2j to SS per week, and
l!;ht hcuiek?eplns: open all night.
BOnEMIA. 233 Post St.— Sunny corner suites to
gentlemen and families; references given: ele-
vator; all conven'ces: tourists accommodated.
BURNETT. 142« Market st. <old No. 13S4)— Fur-
nWhed rns., suites, single; aiso un:urnlshed.
CAPP. 130. near Seventeenth — Three sunny un-
furnished rijoms; rent J10: water fre^.
DOLORES. 1100— Large sunny unfurnished par-
lor; cars pass door; rent $6.
EIGHTH. 36B— Large neatly furnished suasy
room: bath: $6: private family.
ELEVENTH. 114B — Furnished sunny room;
running water: rent S3; private family.
FIFTH. 39— Sunny bay-window room; running
water: $10 a month.
FOLSOM. S*?4— Nicely furnished room, suitable
for two gentlemen; rent $7 month.
FOLSOM. 9«5. corner Sixth— Suite of 3 elerant
sunny corner rooms, suitable for doctor.
FOLSOM. 9<55. cor. «th <Th» Ollver>— Newly fur-
nished sunny rooms, single or suites: reason&l.
CEAKY. 405 (The Na'varre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; travelers accom'dated.
GEARY. 1012— One neat sunny room; furnished
or unfurnished.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. S». corner Hyde— Two
front rooms; single or housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631— Sunny, unfurnished
bay-window room, suitable for music teacher;
also otter rocins.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 730— Surny front room;
lady or gentleman; privilege of parlor; $7.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1219— Furnished rooms;
housekeeping and others : gas and bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, ea saite or
tingle: ladies' parlor: reading room; elevator.
GUERRERO. 3T>— Fine large sunny, basement
to let: cheap: suitable for dancing or club
meetings or storage.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Thirty.CLEMENCY FOB McGOWAN.
Secretary Long to Deal Leniently
With the Naval Captain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June -^-Clemency will
be exercised by Secretary Long In the
case of Captain John McGowan, sen
tenced to suspension for two years on
half pay for killing an unarmed Filipino
in the harbor cf Cebu. The^ Secretary
sympathizes with Captain McGowan and
proposes to adopt the recommendation of
the court that mercy be shown him. The
Secretary is expected to take action to
morrow. It is likely that the period of
suspension will be reduced and ' the offi
cer will be reprimanded.
NEW LISBON, Wls;, June 2.— The Bank
of New Lisbon, owned by W. H. H. Cash,
BankVWrecked With Dynamite.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T C Rice, Sacramento
3 Leeson, Etna
S Gordon, Cal
M Welner & w, Cal -
W Chlnn, Vallejo
E Harris & w. Sacto
J P Johnson, St Paul
C K Johnson. St Paul
M Joyce. N Y
C Norman, Cloverdale
J H Durst. Wheatland
R Marsden. Melbourne
Mrs Marsden. Melbrne
II Smith, Sydney
T B Cox. Honolulu
B F Barlow, Sydney
J P Jones, Sydney
J Harris. Sydney
J E Taylor & w. H I
B Fl?her. Melbourne
PALACE HOTEL.
D A Robins, Chicago
Mrs S M Hays, Oakld
C C Walte, Stanford
A Macondray, Oaklnd
T I* Stewart. Stanford
H M Merrlman. USA
\V H Hill. Phlla
Miss F Johnston. Or
J Balph. PKtsburg
C L Hansen, Los Ang
T L Woolmlre. L Ang
A Davis. N Y
W R Smith, Seattle
Mrs W HGratwick,NY
Miss Lowry. N Y
E J de Lee & w, Cal
J Drew. N Y
H O Drummond Lond
E A Brlnkerhoff. N J
Mrs Brkikerhoff. N J .
Miss Brinkerhoff. N J
Miss M Brlnkerhoft.NJ
Miss H Brlnkerhoff.N'J
Miss J Brinkerhoff,NJ
F S Duncan. N J
G F SImonds. Mass
C G Campbell &. w.NTT
S Hamburger, Clnntl
Mr & Mrs Caster. Aua
R Southerns*. Sydney
W G Downey. N Y
Miss Gratwtck. N T
M Gibson &. w, Canada
M A Bnimmer, N T
C R Davis. Chicago
C M Farls, Stanford
H S Lansnecker, Stfd
E W Hopkins. Stanfrd
L W Mlda. Chicago
DrBN Ward, U S N
H Herz. X T
Mrs A II Johnson, Mo
Mattle E Johnson. Mo
Bertha' E Johnson, Mo
S H Clogg, N Y
GRAXD . HOTEL.
W Corbin. Cal
D M Hanson, Vailejo
L S Stevens. Iowa
T B Rlley, Stanford
C N Farmer. Vallejo
C W Pendleton. Vallejo
E L Wilholt, Stockton
R V Reppy, Stanford
G II Stlehl. Cal
H Day. Cal
M B Madison. S Mateo
G G Linen. N T
W H Hodgehead. Cal
I L Compton. Colusa
XV H La Baree. Cal
H G Barbed & w.Stktn
G A von Band Is, L Ang
L L Woohivlne, L Ang
W Harris. Sacramento
O L Homer. Los Ang
12 J McCormack. N Y
F Russell. England
Jlrs-McKilburn. Cal
C D Galvln. Redding
J James, Sacramento
A Noble. Sacramento
C O Wallqulst. Sacto
J Longmaid & fy.Mont
J F Lanagan, Stfd
S M Henderson. Sacto
R S Hopkins, Seattle
Mrs G F Buell. Stktn
W D Campbell. L Ang
D Fisher. Jackson
Miss B E Spencer. Cal
Miss B Spencer. Cal
G T Williams. Cal
E Klechle & fy, Ind
W J Carpenter, Chic
C O Fleckensteln. Cal
J Kullman, Cal
G M "Westcott. Concord
F Trekan. Crockett
E Dwyer. Colton
B E Wilhite & w, Cal
C O Wiggins. Phlla
Mrs L Twitehell. Colo
Kdna A Twitehell, Colo
O Twitehell. Colo
Capt O F Bollls. Cal
A L Shinn. Sacto
Mrs J M Knock.Orland
H M St^tcham. Sacto
J T Lyons & w. Cal
¦WASHINGTON, June 2.— After an ex
tended debate the Senate to-day passed
the bill providing for the extradition of
persons who have committed certain
crimes in Cuba from the United States to
the^ island. As amended the bill provides
that the alleged criminal shall be pun
ished under the laws of Cuba as admin
istered by Cuban courts.
The last of the appropriation bills — the
general deficiency— was passed, as also
was the emergency river and harbor bill,
providing for numerous surveys and for
certain other public works.
Morgan, chairman of the Committee on
Interoceanlc Canals, made a request that
the so-called Hepburn Nicaragua canal
bill be made the special order for consid
eration at 2 p. m. on Monday. December
20 the second Monday of the next session.
Morgan said he realized the impossibility
of obtaining consideration of the bill at
this session. His request was agreed to.
The Philippine bill was then taken up,
and ClayHGeorgia) made a speech on the
tremendous growth of public expenditures
since early days. ' n
Stewart addressed the, Senate on the
Philippine question. He argued that the
treaty of Paris was the law of the land.
Every American citizen was bound by it.
To advocate the cause of Aguinaldo was
to oppose the law of this country. Sym
pathizers with Agulnaldo's cause cannot
extenuate their course by the employ
ment of such terms as "imperialism ' and
"militarism." The advocates of Aguinaldo
have challenged the forces of the admin
istration to a battle at the polls, and that
challenge has been accepted. The result
could not be doubtful. The American peo
ple would support the administration.
He said Cuba was the key to the Gulf of
Mexico and should always be controlled
by the United States. Ho was inclined to
the belief that Cuba eventually would be
annexed to the United States by the wish
of the Cubans themselves.
Senate Passes the General Deficiency
and the Emergency River
and Harbor Ap
propriations.
MORGAN GIVES
UP THE CANAL
BILL CONTEST
Measure Goes Over Until the
Second Monday in
December.
was robbed early to-dny of several thou
sand dollars. The safe was blown open
with nitroRlycerin and the building' par
tially wrecked. There Is no clew to the
perpetrators, although two strangers who
have been seen anund town for two days
and who have disappeared are suspected.
The bank will suspend business pending
repairs.
Killed in a Mine.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SUTTER CHEEK. June 2.— Dominic
Benassinl was killed in the Mahoney
mine shaft here last night. The bell wire
was broken, and he attempted to ascend
on the skip. As the bell wire threatened
to entangle him he jumped off, but" missed
his footing and was crushed. Deceased's
widow and children are supposed to be en
route from Italy, but a cable was sent to
day to stop them If they have not yet
started.
Morning— Rev. Robert Whitaker will preach.
Evening;— Same.
Morning— VThe Door of the Fold." Even
ing— Esther's Intercession."
Mornir.g— "Christ's First Miracles." Even
ing—"A Pillar in the Temple of My God."
Morning— Solemn high mass at 10:30: ser
mon by Rev. Father Chlappa. S. J. Even-
Ing— Vespers and sermon by Rev. Father
Morning— Feast of Pentecost will be cele
brated: sermon by Rev: Father MacCorry-
Evening— Sermon and vespers. .^
Morning— The feast of the Pentecost will be
celebrated: solemn hlsh mass at 11 o"c!ock;
sermon by Rev. P. O'Ryan. Evening — Ves
pers and sermon by Rev. Father Prender
gast, V. G.
Morning— Holy Children Sodality will re
ceive holy communion at 7:30 mass. Even-
Ing — Vespers and sermon by Rev. Father
Ccraher on "The Descent of the Holy
Ghost."
Morning— Solemn high mass at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Solemn vespers and sermon by
Rev. M. D. Connolly, pastor of St. Paul's
Church, followed by solemn benediction.
Morning — "Peter and Paul." Evening 1 —
"Forward."
Morning— "Evolution In the Communion."
Evening— "Life Giving Benevolence."
Morning — Services by the pastor. Evening —
Same.
Morning— Holy communion. Evening—"Les
sona From the Life and Work of Handel,
the Great Composer."
Mornlnc — Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning — "Greatness." Evening— "Silver
Bells."
Morning — "Loyalty to Christ." Evening —
"Balaam, Or the Sin of Bribery."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing — Same. - r ' .: -'
Morning — "A New Revelation." Evening —
"Is There Salvation After Death?"
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing — Same.
Mornini? — Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing — Same.
Morning— Preaching by th« pastor. Even-
Ing—Same.
Morning — "Work for the Nisrht Is Coming."
Evening — Rev. John A. B. "Wilson will
preach In the evening.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing — Same.
Mornlnjr — Preachlnjr by the pastor. Even-
Ing — "The Men We Delight .to Honor."
Morning— "The Home Coming." Evening—
• "The Foe, the Eattle and the . v Victory.' 1
Mornlnc — Preaching by the pastor. Even-
Ing — Same.
Morning— "Preparations for Service." Even-
Ing— "The Love cf God As Shown in His
Warnings. " ¦_'-:
Morning — Services by Rev. William Klrke
Guthrie. Evening— Same.
Morning — "Man's Life In God." Evening —
"India." •< -•'-¦ ;
Mornlne— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—"Christianity in Its Origin, Increase
and Effects."
Mornlner — "The Seven Abundimts." Even-
Ing — "Your Influence."
Morning— Rev. M. A. Haskell of San Jose
will preach.
Morning — "The Modern Church." Evening
— "Flower Sunday."
Afternoon— Addn»s3 by Chaplain W. O.
Isaacs of the United States ship Pensacola.
Evening — "The Social Problem and ¦ Pro
gramme."
Evening— "The Web of Destiny," by a sym
posium.
Morning — "God the Preserver of Man."
• First Baptist, Eddy Etreet, near Jones-
Rev. K. A_ 'Woods.
• Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
¦ Stelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third— Rev. J.
George Gibson. * -
¦ St. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
Etreet— Jesuit Fathers.
St. Mary's. Dupont and California streets—
Paulist Fathers.
St. Mary's Cathedral,' Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prender
sast, V. Q.
St. Francis', Vallejo street and Montgomery
¦avenue— Rev. T. Caraher.
Holy Croes, Eddy and Scott streets— Rev,
Father UcGinty.
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
avenue and Clement street— Rev. Philip
Coo m be.
First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
eon streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. Alfred Bayley.
Trinity, corner Bush and Gough streets —
Rev. Frederick XV. Clampett.
First Christian, Twelfth street, near How
ard—Rev. F. 8. Ford.
•Trinity Methodist, corner Market. Sixteenth
and Noe streets — Rev. Thtodore H. Wood
ward.
Howard Street M. E., Howard street, be
tween Second and Third— Rev. John A. B.
Wilson.
California Street M. E., corner California
-and Broderick streets— Rev. A. C. Bane.
Simpson Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu
chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
Potrero M. E.. Tennessee street, near So
lano — Rev. S. M. Woodward.
Grace M. E., corner Twenty-first and Capp
Btreets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
A. M. E. Zlon. 805 Stockton street— Rev.
T. Brown.
First M. E. Powell street, near Washing
ton—Rev. W. S. Unny.
Epworth M. E.. corner Church and Twenty
sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Central Methodist, Mission street, between
Sixth and Seventh— Rev. S. D. Hutsln
plller.
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue, be
tween Point Loboa^ivenue and Clement
. street— Rev. A. E. OJlrlch.
Stewart Memorial, Guerrero street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
First Presbyterian, corner Van Ness avenue
and Sacramento street— Rev. R. Macken
zie. /
Memorial Presbyterian, Railroad avenue and
1/atona street — Rev. II. N. Bevler.
Calvary Presbyterian, corner Powell and
Geary streets— Rev. John Hemphlll.
First United Presbyterian, corner Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street — Rev. H. H.
Bell.
First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
and Franklin streets— Rev. Bradford
Learnt.
Second Unitarian, corner Twentieth and
Capp streets — Rev. E. M. S. Hodgin.
Y. M. C. A., Mason and Ellis streets— H.
J. McCoy, secretary.
Sunday Lecture Association. Metropolitan
Temple— Rev. B. Fay Mills.
Theosophical Society— Odd Fellows' build
ing. ,\ ¦
First Church of Christ. Scientist. 213 Sutter
street — The Bible and Science and Health.
With Key to Scriptures.
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
THE SAN /..FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 3, 1900.
30
| OCEAN TBAVEI.
AMERICAN LINE.
H_W Y0HK. SOUTHA-y.OH. L0SD05. ?ABIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
ft. Paul June SllSt. Louis j_iy t
t- Louis June 13! New York ...... JuHr u
St. Paul June 27i)St. Paul.... July ij
RtD _.TA?* LIN_.
New York, cod Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland Juno 6 Westernland ...June "»7
Fries land June 13 Kensington July 4
Southwark .....June 20 Noordland July _
EMPIRE LJNfc.
S. S. "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St
Michael. May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon River
Points, June 30. July 31. August 30. For rates
and other Information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.,
S3 Montgomery Street.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
nPOI^TL-A-lSriD
From, SDear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CARC $12 plrst Class including Berth
iHllL $8 Second Clas3 and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
June 2. 12. 22. July »
COLUMBIA sails June 7. 17. 27. July 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
. -• E. C. WARD. General Affent.
£¦____ 830 Market •_
GOODAIis PERKINS tt CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO RISEN EAISHA.
STEAMERS "TILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 d. b_,.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, catllmr at
Kobe tHiogo), Nagasaki and Shang-hal, and
connecting at Hongkong: with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No carso received on board on day
of B»lltnr.
ES. HONGKONG MARU
; Thursday. June 14. i9Cf>
PS. NIPPON MARU Tuesday, July W 130i)
SS. AMERICA MARC
Friday. August 3. J2Oi
Via. Honolulu.
Round-trio tickets' at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, Genera: Agent.
C0HPAOH1B GESEEALB TRASSATLASTIQfly.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVKE-PARIS. __^_
Sailing every Thursday Instead of. tf*Y&?\
Saturday, from November 2. 1S09. at -w»»kVfeJ-
10 a. »»., from Pier 42. North River, foot ot
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE. June 7: LA LOlt-
RAIN'E. June 11: LA CHAMPAGNE. June 21-
L'AQUITAINE. June 28. First class to Havre,'
$60 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class fo Havre. $43: 5 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson bultdlnR). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 3
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
0CEAXIC S. S. CO.— HONOtTTLir. APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. June 13. 8 p. n_
S S AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only>
Wednesday. June 27. 190O. J p. m.
JL D. 3PRECXELS & BXOS. CO- A S t_. Urn «omaomfl< t
Pi«r 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Oiilc-. 327 Market St.
W/f%S*HS<^(P I nR'jr HATHOR .MOO Tone
ri-VOll3VO LUlL luxor ...esooTona
¦ ¦ S-BAFIS .400O Tona
IT out lily tilfllng for Valparaiso and Hamburg;
Tit ilei loaa porta. Central, Soata America, etc.
S.S. LuxcN 65CO tons, sails about June 9.
I. ©. SPRXTK— 1 **£.1OS. CO.. J te«_, u, M<_tso»»rTSt.
BAT AND EIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer "MontlceUo."
MON.. Tue» Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »•_
a. m.; 3:1». 8:30 p. in. (ex. Thurs. might)- Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. _f S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. J. Telephqne Main IMS.
FARE , jg.
HOO3IS TO liKT—Faru. and Infarn,
HANCOCK HOCSE. 781 Mission et.— Select
family root— Ins bouse; SI CO to SS per week.
HARRISON". TS4>4, nr. 4th— Finely fur. sunny
rooms; bath; all con.; homelike; fl week up.
HATES, fsc. cor. Van Ness ave.— Sunny room,
suitable for centleman. S5.
JUVES, 4M. near Gough — Xewly furnished
front room; very nioe; Investigate; $5.
HOTEL Francisco— Elesant fultes; single; tran-
»'.er.t; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
1IOWAP.D. 12$— Rocms from ;i week up to 15;
i.'-r to SI r.!ch •: also housekeeping rooms.
JESSIE. CT3. off Seventh— Furnished flat; also
I rooms. -'• ¦. : :.
LARKIN. 707. near Ellis— Newly furnished flat;
rooms ?<S. iS and $10: no children.
LAKKIN. f'A— Lergw > sunny front: nicely fur-
nished; light housekeeping if desired: tS.
I->HKIN. 1TC-— Room in private family; rent
JS; board if preferred.
LaFKIE. r7. bet. Eighth and Klnth. off Mission
— Firjrle front room; «1bo three housekeeping
rooms, furnished or unfurnished-
LEAVEN IVOB'm. 8074- Large sunny room.
Lr.AVEXWORTH. 1521— 3 upstairs rooms; rent
_J^
KAHKZST. 1S02. corner Van Ness — Sunny front
rooms; bay window; with or without kitchen.
MASON, in— Nicely furnished tingle rooms.
McALLJSTirn, I10 - ~i— Light, «runny rooms; run-
ning water. sa_ and bath; rent $5 and !i.
_InNA, 114— Nicely furnished double and eln-
rle rootr.e; reasonable.
MINNA, 687. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room, SI per week; transient.
MISSION. C€l. near Becond — Large front room,
suitable for 2 persons; reasonable.
NINTH, 106— Sunny fror.t rooms; furnished for
1 or 1 persons; in private German family.
OFARRELL. SO — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights: _ay. wk., mo.
PERRY. 160, bet. 8d and 4th. Harrison and Bry-
ant—Sunny fur, front r~ ;«.: g&g; bath; board.
I'OST. 97J— Four furnished rooms for house-
keeplng. Call 1 to I. t to » p. a.
POTTELL. in— Light. cle_n — ii.. suites or sin-
pie; transient; running water; rates reduced.
liOFEDALE House. C15 and 111 Ellis et.— Rooms,
r.icht. :^c to tl: week, tl tt to £4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE, US n!!i« et. — Incandescent
lifrht rta_!ng room, exaoklns room and ladler'
parlnr: room?, per night. 35c to SI K: week. 12
to tS; month. $S to 120; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot nad cold water; baths.
EJIERMAN Apartment House. 28 Elchth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STCTENSOX. 472— Nicely furnished sunny
• room. Jl a week.
T>TLOR. 31S — An clepant parlor eulte; sun all
day: also single room from ii up.
THE OAKS 119 Third— A cood rooming house
for rood people. It. HUGHES, proprietor.
TT'RK, SI*— Nicely furnished bay-window room,
with bath; terms reasonable.
TWO BSSB7 rooms; ea?y walk to Keamy' et.
Addrors b'rrs 4S<9. Cnll office.
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
MARKET. 1045A (Hotel Robinson)— Furn. rras.,
with first -class board: double, S10 wk. ; i>lr.sle.
J"5 mo • modern: elevator: table board. S4 wk. ;
me_!B lie. MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
HAIGHT, tZZ— Sunny rocms. with or without
board.
LAS PALMAS. iSJfl Market Ft.— Eulte of 5 or J
rtr y. : private; b_th; fin. rmn. : board optional.
THE BtKDGES. EI4-srS Powell ft. — Newly fur-
riyherf: excellent board; from $20 up.
ROOMS A\D DOARD WASTED.
WANTED — Young married couple. without
children, to care fr>r bey (mine to school. Ad-
(\rrrf. ttatirp loweft terms, box 7192. Call.
HOOMS WAXTED.
IN warm district and quiet street: Runny front
room, bedroom and bath with family who ¦will
care fcr child when parties are out. Box
423S. Call office.
ROOM wanted by pentleman In private family
and two days' board a week. Box 4£3, CsJl.
SALSALITO ROOMS TO LET.
SAUSAL1TO: J eunny rooms: gentlemen: In
private family: excellent location: near sta-
tion. PR. CRUMPTON, apent, Sausallto.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL ktrds bourht. sold, and repairing guaran-
teed. Ctas. Plambeck. 1S15 Mission, nr. 15th.
KKNTED. repaired, bought, fold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. 14$ 6tb; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. «old, exehar.f^d. rented;
repairing at lowest rates. JC5 Fourth st.
CKEArEET ar.d best In America— The Weekly
CaJ!. 16 paces, sent to any address In the
I'r.ited Ftatrs t Canada cn» year for tl.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAtTbXrGAINS IN^VrPEWRITERi— We
eell better machines for less money than any
li- i.s* In the cltv; rentals, tS. The Typewriter
Exchar.re. £25 California, telephone Main 28R.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., rtorafre and moving ; covered
var.s. Ter.th and Market; phone South 7£2.
IJEKIN'S Van and Sterace Co.. 722 Mission et.
tel. South MS — Packing, moving and storage.
PIEP.CE-nODOLPH Storage and Mo\-in» Co.
Office 401 Post tt., cot. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
PACIFIC Str*—-** and Furniture Moving Com-
r?Tiv. tt(* Fillmore rt.: rh r ne J&ck«»n ?<t.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR eale — A lovely new home of 8 rooms and
bath, reception ha'l and basement; choice lo-
cation; tprrr.p; et a nominal price; also house
of 7 roorr.f, larce lot, t!7C0, terms: house of
6 rooms. f_OGO, terms. J. H. TOUNG, builder
1-43 Park Et.
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure; bargains; on»-flfth cash; bal-
•r.cp in 1. 2, 2 or 4 years. Alameda Savings
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
CHEAP 2-story modern house. 7 rooms, bath,
par.iry, stable; street cars pass the door: 2
blocks to station and stores : price t2000; terms
to BUit: lot 40x133. Take Berkeley train, pet
off at Lorln nation and a*lc fcr RUDOLPH _
PERKINS: office or~n Sundays.
BARGAIN— 3 rooms; lot WxlSS; price t9M, $50
cash, balance t!0 monthly; 2 blocks to school
and 6trrres. R. R. stations; this property is
cheap &.t UZYo. Take Berkeley train, set off at
Lorln station and ask for RUDOLPH &
FE1UCINS; office open Sundays.
t»>— HOUSE 2 rooms; lot 75x100; $50 cash, bal-
ance to suit; cheap at tlOOO. Take Berkeley
train, pet off at Lorln station, ask for RU-
IX)LPH _ PERKINS; office open Sundays.
INCOME business property: best part of Berke-
ley: foreclosed and must be eold at once;
rer.ts for U2 »; Investigate; make offer. Take
Berkeley train, get off at Lortn station and
_*k fcr RUDOLPH & PERKINS; office open
Sundays.
SNAP— Store and Rat; rent* for t20: one block
from station; Btrert cars, stores, schools and
churches; rrice tTQOC: terms to • suit Take
Berkeley train. r«t ffT at Lorln station, ask
for RUDOLPH & PEItKIXS; office open Sun-
days.
SACRIFICE— Store on San Pablo ave.: lot 60x
100: electric line no— being extended to West
Berkeley: _o<-.4 location fcr grocery or road
hmiff. price J1200: terms to irult. Talce Berke-
ley train, ret on* at Lorln station, ask for
RUDOLPH - PERKINS: office open Sundays.
COTTAGE 4 rocrr.s, stable, chicken houses and
tank: cloee to station: t»>0. KOO cash, balance
SI2 monthly; cheap at S12.10. Take Berkeley
train, ret off et Lorln station, ask fcr RU-
POLPH & PERKINS: office open Sundays.
FINE E-acre tracts; ndjacVnt to Berkeley; lo-
cated on Fide hill: sunny exposure; especially
adapted to raisinc Be'.jrtan hares and chick-
ens: eold on easy payments.
tlSOO—5-rooni cottace; lot 40x127:6; only 15
minutes' walk to University: close to station-
all modern improvements: fine windmill and
tank, rood chicken house, barn and loft:
pretty flower garden ; only $500 c_sh, balance
to Fiilt imrehanar.
$_50— Elepant new 8- room house: 45-foot cor-
ner lot; beft j>art of Berkeley: close to Uni-
versity; (strictly modem and up-to-date; just
completed: J2000 rash, balance easy terms.
GEO. SCHMIDT. Schmidt block. Berkeley.
j^ _OVELT home sacrificed; a house contaln-
in" 9 rooms and bath, outhouse, servant's
room* all modern improvements; sanitary
plumbing; larse grounds; fruit and, flowers;
will be ecld very reasonable; parties selling
on account of sickness. Apply at 1301 Louisa
et.. Hast Berkeley. ¦ - ¦ .
C C BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
'a ren* 224 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley— Corner lot WxUO. with modern
bout e of 9 rooms.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i . Steamers - leave Broadway
wharf. Ban Francisco:
kV»_ for Alaskan porta— 11 a. m..
l&SSa* June S. 10, 1Z. 20. 23. 30. July
!7*3*?»2!>ij*3l* 5. Chancre to company's
K_kE5SVJ_U eteamerg nt Seattle.
P3?^2sf4___ai For Vlctor; a. Vancouver (B.
fnffcTr^^M *-••)• Port Townsend. Se.vtl*.
f "N»iaSI Taoim.i. Evrptt. Anaccrfs
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. June 5. 10. 13. 20. 23.
30. July 6. and every fifth day therea_ter:
chanfre at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 10 a. m.. Jun©
2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. July 2. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, Son Simeon. Cay
ucos. Port Hartord (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Huenenie, San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Loa Ansreles) and Newport—
9 a. m., June 4. 8. 12. IS. 20. 24. 23. July 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San _>lego. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Loa Angr<»les>— II a.
m.. June 2. 6. 10. 14, 18, 22. 28. 20. July 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mexico) — 10 a. m., 7th of each.
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserve* the riitht to chnnsr*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without t>-*v!ou.« notice.
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
C_- _^
fei Valencia
SECOND TRIP.
LEAVES SEATTLE JULY S
FIRST-CLASS L_GHTERAQ# FACILITIES
AT NOME.
For passenger and freight rates apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.,
SO California St., S. F.
318 1st Ave. South, Seattle.
OAKLAND ROOMS^ AND^JDOAJiD.
NO children; desirable home\ for gentlemen;
room and board;' warm belt; Highland Park;
easy access to cars and trains. Apply MRS.
SCHUBERT, 1712 Twenty-first avenue. East
Oakland. . ¦ •
OAKLAND • COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR rent — J10; 4-room cottage. basement,
chicken house and yard: lot 64x110; city water
Included. R. J. MONTGOMERY, 470 Thir-
teenth St., Oakland. '¦
OAKiiAM) FIK.MTI'KE l-'OIl SALES.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
SPECIAL KOflCES.
DRS. HAWORTH and HUDDLESTON have
just arrived and are giving electro-magnetic
and mental treatments at the Palmer Hou3e,
on Broadway, opposite the Postoffice, In Oak-
land.
LADIES— Chichester's English Pennroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable: take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall; at drug-
glsts. Chlrhester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery *».. rbnmn 9-10: tel. S5S0.
DIVIDEND MJT1CES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 16 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market st.. on and after
Monday, June 11, 1900. Transfer books will
close on Monday, June 4/1900 at 12 o'clock
m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. 18. of
seventy-five cents (75c) per share on the Is-
sued capital stock of the company, has been
declared, payabl* at the office of the com-
pany, 480 California st., San Francisco, on
June 11. 1900. Transfer books close June 4,
1900, at noon. A. A. SPARKS, Secretary.
Z-AHBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Harry M. Leggett. 28, Fresno, and Emily K.
McKInsey. 19, Fresno. ,
James McBrearty. 24, 23 Columbia square,
and Adelina S. L. Blasl, 13, B03 Natoma street.
De Forest Thrush, 27, 2411 Sutter street, and
Ella P. Smith, 21, 2726 Mission street.
James L. Hubbard, 27. Presidio, and Florence
McDonough. 20, 2247 Lombard street.
John L. Stone. 30. 626 Eddy street, and Anna
F. Ward. 26. 626 Eddy street.
Luigi Magnanego, 2S, Six-mile House, and
Clotilde Bacl_alupo, 20, Slx-mlle House.
Hermann A. W. Stendel, SS, 152 Erie street,
and Mary C. Hauschlld. 32. 152 Erie etreet. .
ailch.-iel McDonnell, 22, 19 Silver street, and
Mary McCall. 22. 435 Jessie street.
Mose Marks, 31, city, and Mlllla Kochmcn,
22, city.
Louis A. Frary. 35, city, and Anna B. Lin-
coln, 25. city.
Robert T. Stalev. 25. S07 California street, and
Myra Snear. 22. SC7 California street.
Blitz W. Pnxton, S7. city, and Jane M. Bates,
2S. citj-.
Louis J. Kllngehoefer, 39, 77 Natoma street,
and Mary E. Conway, IS, 77 Natoma street.
John M. Rogers, 27, 42S Eddy street, and May
E. Doyle, 23. 2S25 Bush street.
Thomas E. Park, 32." 21 Franklin street, and
Millie M. Todd. 28. 31S714 Mission street.
Ferdinand Jahnholtz, 53, Golden Gate, and
Vtctorine Edlnger, 40, Golden Gate.
BIRTHS— IdARRIAGES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BERGST-In this city. May 23, 1200, to the
wife of Eugene R. Bergst, a son. .
BODE— In this city. June 1, 1500, to the wife of
A. Bode, a daughter. ,
BURKHARDT— In this city. May 27, 19C0, to
the wife of Edward G. Burkbardt, a son.
FALLEK-In this city. May 27. 1900, to th«
wife of N. Fallek, a son.
KEENE— In this city. May 31. 1900. to the wife
of Ham 1 L. K^ene, a daughter.
McKXEW-In this city. May 2S, 1900, to the
wife of H. L. McKnew, a son.
MEUSSDORFFER— In this city, to the wife Oi
C. A. Meustdorfter, a son.
MULCAHY— In this city. May 16. 1900, to the
wife of P. S. Mulcahy, a daughter. «
MYERS— In this city. May 21, 1900. to the wife
of H. W. Myers, a son. »»
OBRICN-In this city, May SO. 1900, to the
wife of J. P. O'Brien, a son.
SHEA— In this city. May SO. 1900, to the wife
of W. D. Shea of New York. a. dauchter.
(New York papers please copy.)
WATSO5J— In Berkeley, May 20. 1900, to the
wife of James B. Watson Jr., a daughter.
~~ MARRIED. ~~
LAINH— NAGEL— In this city. June 1. 1900, by
the Rev. Dr. Buckbee, Edward Wilder Lalne
and Florence Amanda Nagel.
NOBLE— TOWER— In Oakland, May 2, 1900, by
the Rev. G. Graham, Howard D. Noble and
Mary L. Tower.
PATTERSON— DRISCOLL— In Oakland, May
29. 1900, Jerry J. Patterson of Oakland and
Barbara T. Drlscoll of San Francisco.
WEILBACHER-WOHLUDER-In this city.
May SI, 1900. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder,
Otto J. Wellbacher and Bertha C. Wohluder.
_______
Brown William S. Nlas, Ellen
Cline. Frank H. Nugent, Catherine
Cummlngs, Mary B. Nylander, Gustave
Fagan. Catherine Peck. George P.
Gauld, James A. Puyoou, Lawrence P.
Griffin, Maurice Quirk, William J.
Haase. Tessle Rlley, Sarah
Halleran. James Ryan, Bernard
Hurley. John J. Sand. Katherlne
Kennedy, Julia Segesser. John
Kidd. George W. . Ppear. Alexander F.
Kinsley, Wm. J. Sturm, Carl
Knoechel. Charles Toohey. Mrs. M.
Levy, Walter H. "Wagoner. Amalla
McCall. Hueh J. Wlttkopp. Cornelius
Maroney, Thomas J.
BROWN— In Honolulu, H. I., May 21. 1S0O
William Soence, husband of Ltbbie II. Brown.
a native of Scotland.
II_rNotlce of funeral hereafter.
CLINE— In this city. May 29, 1900. Frank H
Cllne. beloved husband of Jennie Cline, a
native of New, York, aged 44 years.
CUMMINGS— In this city, June 2, 1900, Mary
Belle, oldest daughter of Isabelle and the late
Henry A. Cummlngs, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 19 years and 8 months.
E_»*Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Mon-
¦ day), at 11 o'clock, at her late residence, 2302
California street, near Webster. Interment
private.
FAGAN— In this city, June 1, 1900, at her rest-
dence, 733 Natoma street, Catherine Fagart,
beloved wife rfl. the late Michael Fasran, sis-
ter of the late Cecelia -Martin, and aunt of
James, Thomas and Edward Martin, a na-
tive of Ireland.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respecU
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 733 Natoma street, between. Eighth and
Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's "Church. Tenth
and Howard streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GAULD— In this city, May 31, 1900, James A.
Gauld. a native of Scotland, aged 49 years.
C-fFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from the'
undertaking parlors of the Henry J. Gallagher
Company, 20 Fifth street, this day (Sunday),
at 10 o'clock., v/here services will be held,
thence to train from Third and Townsend
. streets at 11:30 o'clock to Cypress Lawn
Cemetery for Interment.
GRIFFIN— In this city, June 2, 1900, Maurice,
beloved husband of the late Bridget Griffin,
and father of Michael J., William H., John
T., Bartholomew and Agnes Griffin, a native
of the parish of Cactle Gregory, County Ker-
ry, Ireland. A member of Alta Lodge No.
242. A. O. U. W.
C-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 110S'/4 Potrero avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where, a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAASE— In this city. June. 1. 1900, Tessle, relict
of the late H. Albert Haase, mother of Callle
Haase, daushter of Mrs. E. As and the late
M. Anderson, and sister of Charles N.. James
XV. and John L. Anderson, Mrs. Clara Spen-
cer and Sister Mary Llguori, a native of New
York, aced 37 years.
(CTTuneral and interment this day (Sun-
day), at 2 o'clock, at Santa Clara, Cal. >
HALLERAN— In this city. May 17, 1900, James
Hallcran, beloved father of Lulu, - Maggie,
James, Daniel • and John Halleran and Mrs.
J. Bussiere. a native of County Clare, Ire-
land, aged 61 years.
HURLEY— In this city. June 1, 1900, John Joi
seph, beloved son of Timothy and Nora Hur-
ley, and brother of Daniel. Josle and Mary
Irene Hurley, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 years and 7 months. /
C_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of Hie parents. 731% Clementina etreet. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ,-•¦¦•
KENNEDY— In this city. May 31, 1900, Julia,
dearly beloved wife of the late Patrick Ken-
HENftY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan 4 : Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School. .
Telephone South 80.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY
CO LM A, SAN MATEO CO.
OFFICE, 916 MARKET ST. Tel. So. 337
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FKU1TVALE KUAI. USTATE.
SNAPS. BNAPS. SNAPS.
SNAPS. SNAPS. SNAPS.
TO-DAY. TO-DAY. TO-DAT. TO-DAY.
IF YOU WANT A HOME.
$150 — Klepantly located lot; tine soil.
$300 — _ots 00x173; choicest part of Frultvale;
bearing fruit trees on the property.
$3S0-i*-Four roon_s; well, etc.: new.
jtOO-^-Three rooms; new; good lot; nice neigh-
borhood.
fr«O — Four rooms; new; splendid view.
JCTO — Four rooms; porch: fenced; well.
$600— Lot 100x175; fine place for chickens.
|7f.(V— Lot 75x153; 3 rooms;, new.
Jf.00— Lot 70x175; 4 rooms; new.
J7C>0 — Chicken ranch: 3 rooms; new.
J900 — Another one; 4 rooms; well.
jlGOO — Still another: complete In every detail.
J_D0 — Most complete 5 rooms on the market
for the money.
Lots of others at various prices.
FOREST PARK TRACT. '
Only a few minutes from the station.
'4-ac-re lots H-acre lots Vs-ocre lot*.
SPECIAL, SALE FOR NEXT TWO DATS.
They are roin* fast, and you will mles the
chance of a lifetime if you don't come quick.
if tou want a desirable place for a home; only
_ lew of choicest lt>t! left.
In a millionaire's district at a working man s
price.
Lots ITS feet deep and any fronta_e de-
-!re_; all streets graded; water piped to e v «ry
lot; in« Frultvale sanitary district: over 4000
forest and fruit trees on this tract; a good
speculation if you do not want a home; we
build to suit you: title guaranteed; close to car
and transportation lines.
Easy ter— jb on e\-«rytliing we have to sell.
MONEY TO LOAN.
FLAT OR ON INSTALLMENTS.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
Frultvale ofilce, half a block above Frultvale
station. '
FOR SALE BY II. A. PLEITNER-
J5J0 — House of 4 rooms and basement; Iarg«
chicken house; good well and pump; lot 50x110;
$100 cash, balance on your own terms.
$C50— Cottage of 4 rooms and basement; front
and back porch; barn and chicken houses; good
well and pump; lot COxlOO.
$750 — Cottage of 4 rooms and basement, fruit
trees, etc.; lot COxllO; J1O0 cash, balance 112
per month.
$1100— A sacrifice; modern cottage, of 6 rooms
and bath, baaement. etc.; lot 00x147; one block
from electric cars; must be sold; an opportun-
ity worth Investigating.
J_£0 — Cottage of 4 rooms and basement, pan-
try, etc.; etable; 10 large chicken houses; 1
brooder house, with pipes and heaters, 7
brooders, 1 incubator (for 500 eggs), good horse,
harness and wagon, ICO thoroughbred chickens;
lot lOOxlM; all fenced.
J1S0O— Cottage of 4 rooms, hall and basement:
Btable; chicken houses: lot 107x200; all fenced.
S1SOO— Chicken ranch of 1 acre; choice fruit
trees; house of Z rooms and basement; barn;
12 chicken houses, 2 Incubators, brooder house,
chickens, etc.
j3CG<;>_Modern 1^-story colonial style residence
of S rooms and bath: fine material: nickel
plumbing. p_f. etc.: large lot: splendid loca-
tion; only 4 blocks from local train. For par-
ticulars apply to
EL A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station. Cal.
WHY NOT ESTABLISH A BUSINESS? Ele-
gant location; Frultvale ave., corner Blossom
et. ; store vrith living rooms in rear and resi-
dence of 7 room? over store: lot 75x123; barn;
wlnJmlll and tank: sold cheap or rented.
C. B. HIGBY. 4*.4 Thirty-fourth st., Oakland.
J4 PER front foot and up. See the Deerlng
tract for bargains, H. W. DAVIS, sole agent,
Frultvale ave., one block from station^
FOR sale ch"ap — A nice new house. In Frult-
vale, near station. Apply corner Putnam st.
and Merrel ave.; terms easy.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address !n the
United States or Canada one year fcr ?1.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAICLAXD REAL ESTATES.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE. ~~~~~
903 iJroadway, Oakland.
jrso.
Beautiful cottage home on N. Bide Thirteenth
Ft. bet Market and Broadway; house of 6 large
rooms cloeets. porcelain bath: high basement,
all floored; let 00x100; must be £3ld at once;
worth $4500. -* __
?:ooo.
Lot worth the money; cottage of 7 rooms
thrown in; on N. side of Twenty-fourth St.. laO
feet W. of Grove; lot 30x100; room to build an-
other house.
(1100.
W. side cf Peralta £t.. No. 1361, Just N. of
Seventeenth; lot 25x110; modern cottage of 6
rooms and bath; easy terms.
TWO ACRES IN PIEDMONT.
Building site, one of the finest there; fronts
main 6treet; close to cars; price J5500.
$2500.
On Twenty-fourth at., near Telegraph ave.;
lot 3jx1J7:6; large cottage of S rooms, bath and
basement.
fTM EACH.
Beautiful building lots in Piedmont; street
work all done; close to car line and fine view;
size 40x130 each; equal to Linda Vista Terrace
and one-half the price.
$6500.
Finest home in East Oakland; large N. E. cor-
ner lot. 76x123; house of S large rooms, bath,
attic, basement, furnace. 7 mantels; dining room
In oak; fine view; beautiful grounds; very easy
terms.
&300.
Cheapest and best; new, modern. 2-story house
of C rooms. In Oakland; lot £0x120; street work
all done; house has porcelain bath and sink, 6
larjre closets, laundry, gas fixtures, window
shades; everything the best.
LOTS.
LOTS.
LOTS.
Every one a tpeculatlon.
» ?12 50 to tl" 50 per foot.
J12 to to $17 50 per foot. ">:' f , : <
STP.EET WORK ALL DONE.
ANY SIZE DESIRED.
EAST TERMS.
Bet. Thlrty-weond and Thirty-€ixth ets.,
Grove and San Pablo ave.
SEND FOR NEW MAP.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 Broadway. Oakland.
$32iO— FINE comfortable home of 8 rooms,
bath and modern conveniences; lot 50x140 feet;
open lawn; street work all done; stone walks
in front and around; sunny side of the street;
only a step to the electric cars; must sell on
account of mortgage. <
GEORGE W. AUSTIN _ CO..
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers,
1008 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
$350— CORNER lot; small but desirable; S0x6<)
feet; Btreet work done; two blocks from local
station; suitable for business or residence.
$21 i»er month; no cash down; a plain but
cnmfcrtable home of 7 rooms and bath; elec-
tric cars In front: good location. This pays
for It the came as rent.
GEORGE XV. AUSTIN & CO.,
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers, *
1008 Broadway, near Tenth street,
Oakland, Cal.
$3000 — HANDY to Broadway; modern cottage of
6 rooms, bath, floored basement and ser-
vant's room; lot 2Sxl00; rents $25; sunny
frontage; first-class In every respect and a"
big bargain. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., 1008
IJroadway. Oakland, Cal.
$33,000 TO loan on real rotate; furniture, piano
etc. ALDEN CO., HIS Broadway.
$500— BEST lodging-house in Oakland and well
located. ALDEN CO., 1113 Broadway.
FINE toned piano for rent or would eell at a
bargain. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$10CO— General store and 4-room cottage; lot 2Sx
100: all for $ir*0; best bargain in Oakland.
1 ALDEN CO.. 1113 Broadway.
$3000 — NEW "-room residence and corner lot:
1 36x110; near local and electric c_rs; will sell
or trade. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$75 CASH. $6 monthly; 3-room new cottage and
good well of water; lot £5x100; more land can
be had If desired; 73 families now located;
Town Hall Just finished; near 3 electric lines;
f.ne school and 90 feet wide boulevard :cllmate,
soil and view the very best: natural drainage;
land level; price all told $400; see model dovery
here; Allendale Tract adjoining East Oakland
1 Call or address 455 Seventh st.. near corner
Broadway. Oakland. H. Z. JONES, owner.
j NICE cottage on Grove st. for cash; $S00.
Cottage of 6 rooms and bath on lot; 30x170;
on Fruitvale ave. ; price $1500.
New house of 9 rooms on Central ave.. Ala-
meda : price $4500; easy monthly payments-
bargains In exchanges. P. KELLY, 461 Ninth
«t., Oakland. .
A BARGAIN— Beautiful home in HaywarOs,
containing 13 acres; 8 under choice fruit: bal-
ance In hay; house of 7 rooms and bath: good
barn and »table. Address P. W. ANDER-
SON. 2S San Pablo ave., Oakland.
GOLDEN GATE— Modern 1 cottage, 5 rooms
bath; easy terms of $100 cash, balance like
rent. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
BLOCK 64. rnu«t be mold, near 23d ave.. 17th at.
East Oakland: a rare chance -fur a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT. U12 East 8ix-
te»r.th tt.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND UNFURNISHED HOUSES.
$18— COZT cottage of 6 rooms; very sunny;
large lot; lots of other nice places. GEO. W
AUSTIN & CO., house renters, 100S Broadwayi
near Tenth st., Oakland. -
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
DIRECT.
The New and Palatial Steel Steam* hip I
SEISTATOR
Will sail from Seattle and Tacoma June £L
July 21 and August 27. The SENATOR tail-
ins July 2I.~wlll make an Excursion Trip vi._
the inland passage, and after landing at Norn*
will continue north thro' the Cehrlng Straits,
past East Cape on the Siberian coast, crosainar
the Arctic Circle, passing? Into the Arctla
Ocean. Passengers are advised to Inspect th»
Senator before purchasing tickets via other
cteamers. as her second-class and steerage ac-
commodations are superior to the first-class
accommodations on most of the steamers ad-
vertised for Nome. The Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co. baa been running lw steamers to
Alaska— winter and summer— for 23 years and
Is the Pioneer Pacific Coast Line. For further
information inquire of J. F. TROWBRIDGE.
Ocean Dock. Seattle. Wash.; N. POSTON. 249
Washington St.. Portland. Or. ; XV. PARRIS. 124
¦West Second st.. Los Antrelea, Cal.: GOOD-
ALL, PERKINS* CO.. Gen. A«rts.. 10 Market
»t. TICKET OFFICE — I New Montgomery ¦_,
San Francisco.
fi FOR...
STEAMSHIP
San
Juan.
MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1 P. ffl.
For Tickets and Freight apply to OTTT>T-
GER'S Ticket Office, Agents. 620 Market street.
nedy, and lovtn* , mother of John. James,
William. Julia and Joseph and the late
rnomas Kennedy, a native ot Ireland, aged
63 yea" 2 months and 15 days.
, Ift' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1350 Folsom street, thence to St. Jo-
seph s Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
K I D . D ~ In th 's city. May 31. 1900. George W..
beloved husband of Jennie E. Kldd, and
father ot j ames Rodney K idd, a native ' of
Philadelphia, Pa., aged 49 years and 3
months. A member of Damon Lodge No.' 2.
K. of P., and Magnolia Lodge No. 41, A.O..
U. W. (New York and Philadelphia papers
please copy.)
E~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
j (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Mlzpah Presby-
terian Church. Harrison Btreet; near Fifth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
rlase.
KINOSLEY— In this city, June 2, 1900, Wil-
liam J. Klnggley, late of lone, brother of
Mrs. William M. Cannon, a native of Califor-
nia, ated 42 years.
KNOECHEL— In this city, June 1. 1900. Charles,
dearly beloved husband of Sarah Knoechel.
and father of Karl Knoeohel, a native of
Mecklenburg, Germany aged 63 years and 11
days.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances and members
of Franklin LodKe No. 44, A. O. U. W., and
Morse Lod_e No. 257. I. O. O. F., are respec-
fully requested to attend the funeral to-mor-
row (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 624 Filbert street, near Powell,
thence to I. O. O F. Hall, where services
will be held, and thence to 1. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery, for cremation.
LEVY— Entered into rest at his residence. 2409
Jackson street. May 31, 1900, Walter Heyden-
feldt, beloved husband of Bella O. Levy,
father of Annette A. and Walter H. Levy Jr.,
and brother of Cecilia A. Levy, a native of
Augusta. Ga., aged 46 years 4 months and 27
days.
lC~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, at his
late residence,' 2403 Jackson street, under the
auspices of Doric Lodge No. 216, F. and A.
M. Interment private.
McCALL— In.Caplz, Hollo. March 8, 1900, Hugh
J. • McCall.' Company A, Eighteenth United
States Infantry, son of John T. McCall. and
brother of J. T.. J. H. and Mia McCall, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 20 years.
MARONET— In Benlcia, Cal., Thomas J. Ma-
roney, beloved eon of Margaret and the late
Thomas Maroney. and beloved brother of
Lizzie Maroney and Mrs. William J. Archer,
a native of Washington. D. C. aged 25 years.
NIAS— In this city, June 1, 1900, Ellen Nias.
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Edward Geg-
hen and Mrs. B. Springer, a native of Ports-
mouth, England, aged 71 years 7 months and
16 days. (Victoria, B. C, papers please copy.)
C~"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co., IIS Geary Btreet. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
NUGENT— In this city. June 1. 1300, Catherine,
beloved wife of John R. Nugent, and mother
of John R., James J., Bartholomew W., Martin
A., Theresa _. and Luke C. Nugent, a na-
tive of Ireland, aeed 48 years.
[ES'Friends and acquaintances are respact-
fully invited to attend the funeral this tiffv
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers, 777 MiBslon Btreet.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
NYLANDER— In this city. June 1, 1900, Gus-
tave A., youngest and beloved son of Gustave
and Augusta Nylander, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 6 years 9 months and 12 days. <
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day'
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 611 Moultrie street, Bernal
Heights. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by carriages. , >
PECK-In the Clt7 and County Hospital, June
1. 1900, George P. Peck, a native of Ger-
many, acp'l CO years.
PUYOOU— In Los Gatos, May 31, 1900, Law-
rence P., dearly beloved and only son of Au-
Kusta M. Puyoou, and brother of Mrs. Henry
Schroder Jr., a native of San Francisco, aged
29 years -and 9 months. A member of Golden
Gate Parlor No. 29. N. S. G. W.
tCyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
QUIRK— In this city. May 31. 1S00. William J..
beloved brother of Daniel J. Quirk, a native
of County Cork, Ireland, aced 34 years and
1 month.
IPTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 23 Fifth
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for
services at 10:30 o'clock. Interment National
Cemetery.
NOTICE— Members of Painters' Union No. 73
are requested to attend the funeral of XV.
Quirk this day (Sunday), from the United
Undertakers' parlors. Fifth and Jessie streets,
at 9:30 o'clock, thence to St. Mary's Church.
W. LUKE, Secretary.
RILEY— In the City and County Hospital,
June 2, 1900. Sarah Rlley, a native of Ver-
mont, aced 70 years,
RYAN— In this city. May 29, 1900, Bernard
Ryan, a native of Brooklyn, N. Y., a_ed 62
years. (Brooklyn, N. Y., papers please copy.)
C7Frlends and acquaintances and member*
of Local No. C3, Coopers' International Union, .
Garneld Post No. 34. G. A. R., and members
of G. A. R. and kindred associations, are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the
parlors of A. XV. Martin & Co., US Geary
Btreet, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
Bervtces. Interment National Cemetery, Pre-
sidio.-
SAND— In this city, June 1, 1900. Katherine,
beloved wife of Joseph Sand, mother oZ Fred,
William. Joseph. George, Walter and Laura
Sand and Mrs. L. R. Glocker, sister of Mrs.
J. Jordan, Mrs. L. Nolte and II. Decker, and
dauchter of the late Barbara Decker, a na-
tive of Louisville, Ky., a_ed 57 years.
C_~FrIends and acauatntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- iMonday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 644 Jessie street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
SEGESSER— In this city, June 2, 1900. John
Becesser. dearly beloved and only son of
Peter and Therese Se»resser, and brother of
Therese Secesser, a native of San Fran-
cisco. a_ed 10 years 11 months and 17 days.
SPEAR— In this city, June 2. 1900, Alexander
F., husband of the late Sarah E. Spear, and
father of Lewis E. Spear. Mrs. Fannie E.
Howe. Mrs. Robert K. Dunn and Mrs. J. W.
Barnes, a native of Thomaston, Me.
[CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the Mission Ma-
sonic Temple, 266S Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, under the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169. F. and A.
M. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via
electric funeral car.
STURM— In this city. June 2. 1900. Carl, be-
loved husband of Anna Sturm, father of
Krnst and Henry Sturm, and stepfather of
Fritz and Theodore Ernst, a native of Sax-
ony, Germany, aged 45 years 6 months and 20
days. A member of Vereln Elntracbt and
San Francisco Lodge No. 1, O. d. H. S.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of II. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mls-
'elon street, between Seventh and Elxhth.
TOOHEY— In this city. May 31, 1900. Mrs Mar-
caret Toohey," beloved wife of the late' Mau-
rice Toohey, sister of Catherine Denahay and
aunt of Mary Qulnlhan of Berkeley Cal a
native of the parish of Kllgobbln. Coiintv
Kerry, Ireland. '
CCT'The funeral will take place this dav
(Sunday), at 12:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 1 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
WA a GENER--In this city. June 2. 1900. Ama-
lla, dearly beloved wife of F. O. Wa-ener
(nee Kohlmoos), and mother of Emll, Robert
Bertha and Agnes Wagener, a native of Ham-
burg, Germany, aged 62 years 5 months and
i days. (New York papers please cony )
(n~FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
June 5, at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 914 Devisadero street, thence to Odd
Fellows Cemetery, where the remains will be
cremated. Kindly omit flowers;
WITTKOPP-In the City and County Hospital.
June 2, 1900. Cornelius Wlttkopp. a native of
Germany, aged 45 years.
CARD OF THANKS.
H. F. Schllchtlns: and son desire to thankl
their many friends for their kind expressions
of sympathy in their hour of trouble and be-
¦reavement. '
CARD OF THANKS.
oiwJ 5 * 8 ] 1 " 0 t0 « T P resa °"r -rateful thanks to
all friends and acquaintances who attended
the funeral of our late beloved Bertha Stern-
itzky, and. also for the rich gifts of flowers
¦ RE1NHOLD STERNITZKY.
The mourning relations— father and o_»3 ren.
Royal Arcanum. : .
The twenty-third anniversary of the in!
Stltution of the Royal Arcanum* £m b e
observed in the social hall of the Shiels
•building on the 2Sth lnst. by an entertain
ment and dance. The committee having
the matter in^charRe reports that there
will be an interesting programme. It is to
be an invitational affair and tickets will
be distributed to members at the first
meeting this month. The number of in-
vitations has been limited to 1000
last held meeting of San Francisco
Council was an Interesting one it being
the occasion of an official visit by the
grand officers to it, in Mystic Hall Oak-
land. There were addresses by Grand Re
gent Spencei\I>lstrict Deputy Grand Re-
gent Ewing, Rist Regent Banks and oth-
ers. : I
.Members of Golden West and Argonaut
Councils j have arranged a whist tourna-
ment for next month.
Argonaut Council is ncaring the 2C0
mark in membership. The members are
planning a grand . gala night as soon as
that number is reached. A valuable em-
blem will - be given to the member who
shall bring in the greatest number of can-
didates within a stated time.
Buena Vista. Council will give a social
on its next meeting, night after the visit
of the grand officers. Matters of import-
ance to the entire • membership will be
brought up. •.*• • --¦— wawB_»M_jMj_ia-i
Steps hare been taken to organize a re-
gents',: past regents' and grand council of-
ficers* association in the near future.
OCEAN TBX.VEL.161,300 Shares sold.
CI^OSING BONDS. . ?
US!s tee refunds II K & TJ 2ds 68%
(when Issued).. lfS'i Do 4s.. J.. ......... 92
Do coup 103»4lN T Cent lsts.....lll»4
Do 2r reg 9;»",!N J Cent gen Cs...l21?i
Do 3s reg 109*4 j Northern ' Pac 3s... 67*»
Do 3s coup ;..103vi Do 4s:;
ru, new 4s reg...l34":|N Y C & St L 4s.. 106=;
r» new <s coup. 134^i: N W con 4s »7hi
Do old 4s reg 114*ijOr Nav lsts........lll--
Do Old 4s coup/.-lljii! Do 4S....V
Do £„ reg 113'i|Or Short Line €s..12S^
Do 5s coup 113** Do con 5s : — .114
Dis of Col 3.65s. ...m Reading Gen 4s.... 8SVi
Atchpen4e... 101>;!n Q W lsts.. ..... 93 -:
no adl 4s......... 84% St L & I 11 con os.lU
Canada Sou 2ds....lO7 )St L & S V.eea €s.lZ4
Ches & Ohio <*,*.. 894; Rt Paul enn 17214
T^ 5s ."..... ...-. .""xiSt PC & P lsts... .120
C fc Neon 7s 14Hi| Do 5s..... 121
I>o S F Deb Bs. ..119 Southern "Jac 4s... Sl»«
rhicico Term 4s... ST^jSouthern Ry 5s lll>i
Colorado Sou 4s.... R6%| Stand -R fc T 6s.... Tl •
n & R Q lsts.. '....WHii Tex & Pae lsts.. ..112^
Do 4s...... ."*•...'• 'Wi Do 2ds 53
F T V 4; G lBts...l05»/i!i;nlon Pac 4s 106>4
Gen 4s 72'i Wabagh lsts 113«-J
V "v £.- V> C lsts... 70^4 Do 2ds. ........ ...102^
General Elec Be. ..120 'West Shore 4s 113^
Iowa Cent lRts 11194 Wls Cent lsts..... 91^
K r P & G lists.... "1'^iVa Centuries V.... 93
L & N Uni 4»...... S^4ti»pei ¦> ,.-'
MINIXU STOCKS.
Chollar.... *24 Ontario; .7 00
Crown Point ...... OS Ophir 48
r o n Cal'&'Va . J l 45 'Plymouth .......... 10
Deadwood 1 50: Quicksilver ..IC9
Gould and Curry... 13 <Jo prefd 7 50
Hale & Norcross.. 22 Sierra Nevada .... 32
Hcmestake .50 00 Standard ...... 3 6i
Iron- Silver ........ » 60 Union Con 20
lilextcaa r».vtr.r«.- H> Tellow Jacket .... 14
. Local securities • were -' quiet, with ¦ higher
1 prices for Gas and Electric and Giant Powder.*
.The oil -stocks were dull. , ,
; Giant Powder will " pay a dividend of 75c
Alaska Packers will pay i Its ¦ seventy-eighth
' dividend of 75c on ; the 12th. "
"Sales of : stocks and bonds on the Bond Ex
i change thus far this year are as follows, com
' sared with 1 the ' same < time 1 last ! year: >:, Bonds,
THE STOCK MARKET.
Sim, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort - Point, entrance to ' San
Francisco Bay/ Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. : '
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-strrtt wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
NOTE— In the above exposition "of the Odea
the early, morning tides are given in the left
hand ' column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column : gives the ' second ¦ tide • of
the day. the third - time column the third : tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, V. S. N.. Mer
chant."' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal
June 2. 1309. '
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.;. at noon ¦ of the 120th meridian or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. •
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
CHICAG©. June 8.— Ths spark of life In the
Wheat market was very feeble. - Speculators
have a habit of doing very little on Saturday,
and to-day, with Liverpool closed, they were
still lsess Inclined to bestir themselves. The
market opened firm because It was reported
that the Northwest needed more rain, but lapsed
into general stagnation,', and the relative weak
ness of Northwest" markets 'helped It' along.
July opened at €651 CGTi»c. sold to 67',fcc and then
decllncikio GGUe, closing heavy 14c under yes
terday at 6C%fiC6?ic.
The Corn market was quiet,, but firm. Coun
try acceptances and receipts were both small,
and the bulls' contingent, lent some support.
Crop prospects were etiil ' reported favorable,
and the heaviness of. Wheat- pulled the market
down some; but the end" of the session found
the market firm. July closed a shade over yes
terday. '
The trade in Oats was unimportant. July
closed a shade under yesterday. - 'ttWRqpmgi
Provisions were firm as to Meats and weak as
respects Lard. The Lard weakness was because
of an increase of stocks where a decrease had
been expected. Trade was quiet. ¦ July Pork
closed unchanged. Lard TVs^lOc down and Ribs
2Vf SiCc higher. - :
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as followsj Flour, dull;
winter patents, $3 604?3 70; ./straits, ,$2 90®3 40;
clears ¦ J2 70@3 20;' spring speclal«. • $3 70@3 SO;
ratents.'- $3©'3 45;' straits. 12 60@2 90; bakers', J2
©2 40- Ko. -2 spring- wheat, •63«5'g'66%c;: : No. 3,
OQtSe; No. 2 corn. 37*S37*c;_ No. 2 yellow,
Chicago Gain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. June 2.— There was manifest
fceeitition \n thr trend of prices of storks to
day scd a doubt "was disclosed whether the
vr'^'ard movement was not to prove abortive.
A*nierlran eecurities «rot practically no support
in ike lyondon market, where dullness reigned
Sn antldpatlOO of the Whitsunday holidays.
5'h* jor.iy rtock in demand fcr London account
vas Ealilmore and Ohio, which touched S3 in
the New York market, an extreme advance of
2 r m on rumors of an early dividend on the
rtoV-k Efforts were made to put up Southern
J'aclftc on tl-e exnreesed satisfaction of the
president of the company with the prospects
of ihe'coranany.
There were al?o one or two minor raiiroaa
tUir'kx which Mveragftl upward. These sustain
ing influence however, failed to hold the mar
ket and the bulls eoueht to lake profit, with
reciting losses In prices, which reached to be
tween cne and two points In tome stocks.
The rron and eteel Industrials were conspicu
ous «ufT>r«-rs on the depressing opinions regard-
Srr t*-« trade outlook by the mercantile agen
cies and on thf> ehutilng down cf additional
rcf:ie at tlie etee! and wire company which were
r^portftj. Sugar was comparatively dulL x The
bank statement kroved disappointing In some
Items at.d myetlfyir.ff in others and turned sen
tlBiT.l toward reaction, the closing being neav>
end tm£ettl<?d on a declinine scale.
There has bo«n some slight stirring of specu
lative interest in the etock market during the
week and a show of strength, arousing !n the
minds of professional traders hopes that the
market *as on the eve of an inflow of capital
Into • eecuritie*. Sundry causes have con
tributed to tie modicum of strength in stocks
<iu-ing the week. The midweek hoMdaya
prompted to the covering of traders' contracts,
and tr*<3e:« have been quite cenerally on the
"Vi»r c;dc fcr some time past, the covering
movement having the effect of lifting prices.
Evidently the phortB were nonplussed aver the
ea-jaiilmity with which the etock market had
acWited the large Irrokerage failure last week
and the emJillcr one -this week, and they
thought it cafer to covpr. On Thursday morn
ing cam*> the netvs that JoliHnneyburg 1 and the
cold mines were in British hands again and
the rtjxirt that Pretoria had yielded without a
etrujTRle. At the Fame time there v.-as renewed
ep<Vulative excitement in Sugar over.tlie news
of the arrangr-ment for taklnc over cerUln of
the independent refineries In the Intfrrest of the
>ni<>rica.n Sugar IU-fln!ng Company." The
recwnEe of the world's stock market, including
London, to the new* cf the collapse of the JUo»r
dpfpnKP and Oie expectation of the near ending
of the war in Fouth Africa was very moderate.
»TiU must mean that the event had been pretty
fully fl!w-ount*d in prices or there must be
other causes in the background to exercise a
m riansine- influence on the markets: The
rtrwrth^f the Xew York market must
t* trnlkiiPd by domestic caufs, one of the
mVt potent cf which Ms the better tone In the
rrarketg for Iron and Its finished product*.
While the reactionary course of.ir«n products
ha" not ceased, there 1« reported mum Increase
of the hand-to-mouth buying with which needs
fcav° been rupplied, owing to the bare state of
co^«umers' yards. Tbi« Is bellevea to presage
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — |4 55^
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 ggs,^
Sterling Cables "— 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight. ...Ti — 12V.
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per oun*e — "60
Mexican Dollars ...\ 4SVi 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Palis was weaker. It was a holi
day at Liverpool. There will be no more busi
ness at Paris and Liverpool until Wednesday. 1
Chicago was steady and featureless. Broom
hall cabled the stock at Odessa at 950,000 bush
els, against 2,000,000 bushels on the same date
last year. Roumania needs rain.
The local situation was unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 90@91%c; milling. 93«
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls
98%c. .
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
93Vic.
BARLET— The market continues lifeless and
nominal. •
Feed. 67V4970C for No. 1 and 62%<g65c fof oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 75® 80c;
Chevalier, nominal.
• CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
Ctls, 68Hc: 2000. 6S%c.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— The market • continues dull and un
changed. '
White. $1 10@l 30; Red, ,$1@1 20; Gray. $1 07&
@1 15: Black. $1@1 07& p4- ctl.
CORN— Eastern large Yellow. $1 i0!5i 13 per
ctl: Eastern White, 97&c<§?1 per ctl; Mixed,
U 10. '
RYE— 95(g97 1 / 4c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— Calif orn>\ffcnily extras. $3 60@3 75.
usual terms; bakers' .efcras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 2503 per barrel. ¦
MILLSTUFFS— Prices . in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $2 75 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 50;
Oat Groats,- $4 50; Hominy. $3 25@3 60; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25; ' Cracked Wheat, $3 25;
Farina, '$4 50; Whole Wheat ¦; Flour. $3: Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6@7 25; in sacks, S5 75@7; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per
100 lbs. '¦:¦: " : : ¦' -
Quotations "remain unchanged. Business Is
dull, though Feedstuffs are firm. ?' u
BRAN— $12 50@13 50 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
MIDDLINGS— $17020 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-^Rolled Barley, »15®16 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J26@27; Jobbing,
127 50(528: Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Corn Meal.
J23; Cracked Corn, $25 50; Mixed Feed. $15 50.
HAT— Wheat, $7@9 for common to good, $9 50
®10 for choice; Wheat and Oat, J7 50@9 50; Oat, H
$6«JS: Barley.: $5©7; Alfalfa, $5@7 BO per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, $4 50<g6; ' Wheat.
J6©7 per ton. •
STIIAW— 25@3"Hc per bale. . *
Beans and Seeds.
When sales of Beans are made sellers have to
make concessions, for the demand Is very poor.
BEANS— Bayos. $3@3 20; small White, $3 25®
S 45; large-White. $3 10@3 20; Pink. $2 50@2 90;
Red, V2 50©3: Blackeye, • $3 50@4; 'Butters,
nominal: Lima. $5 25@5 30; Pea. J3 40@3 50; Red
Kidneys, »4@4 60. . - ...
: SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Tellow
Mustard,* 4c; Flax. \\ 90®2 20; Canary, 3^o
per lb for California and -4c for Eastern; Al
falfa, nominal: Rape. 2&@3c; : Hemp. 434%c;
Timothy. '. 4«-4*4c.
- DRIED PKAS- Nlles, $1 90@2 25: Green, fl 90
Q2 25 per ctl . i ;
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There Is no particular .change in anything
under this head, all kinds being in liberal sup
ply. ¦ HHBMF& ''•--' -~ '¦ . : ;
' POTATOES— Oregon Burbanks, 75@85c; New
Potatoes, 4W75c In Backs and 50c@$l in boxes. 1 
¦: ONIONS— New Red, 75@85c per ctl; Austra
lian. J3(fT3 50 per ctl. .•;'• :-¦- ' - - : ., • •¦
t VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 12&@2Sc pe>dozj
Rhubarb, BOcgJl 25 per box; Asparagus,- 60c©ji
per. box for No. 2 and $1 25@l'50:foi > No. land
|l 75g2 23 for fancy ; large ; : Grr en •. Peas," 75@85o
per sack for common and $1(^1 23 for • Garden :
String Beans, :3©5c; Refugees. 5@6c; Wax
Beans; , 4@5c: Cabbage, 40@dOc: Tomatoes, 50®
75c: Egg Plant from Los Angeles,' 3@ 10c; Dried
Okra,' 32V4c per lb; 1 Green Peppers from Los An
geles, 6@10c; Dried Peppers, 8® 10c;! Carrota," 250
35c ' per sack ; ; Summer Squash, • 50@"5c , per ; box
for Vacavllle and Jl@l 25 for Alameda: Cucum
bers, %Z 25<g2 50 for Alameda and |1@1 25 per box
for Marysvllle; new Garlic.- 3^40 per lb.~, .-¦¦ , ;v.
LOCAL MARKETS.
ARRIVED.
. ¦ Saturday, June 2.
Stmr Tillamook, Hugbes_*46 hours from Fort
Bragg. r
Stmr Navarro. Jensen. 13 hours from Uaal.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett. '34 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefleid. 73 " hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Cooa Bay. Shea, 80 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Alcatras, Carlson, 43 hours from Port
Los An~eles.
Nor stmr Universe, Egenes, 4 days from Oys
ter Harbor.
Ship Occidental, Bennett. 7 days from Se
attle.
Ship Berlin. .Baffry, 6 dayi from Tacoma.
ShiD Spartan, Polite. 7 days from Seattle.
Bktn Portland. Andersen, 7 days from Novi
Whatcom.
Bktn Gleaner. Peck, - 6 days from Willap*
Harbor. .
Schr Melancthon, Ols«"n, 8 days from Xjray*
Harbor. " »
Schr Mary E Russ, Wikender. 5 days froa
Tacoma.
Schr Abble. Peterson. C days frcm Wlllapa
Harbor. . \
Schr Challenger, Anderson, 5 days from Port
Ludlow. ¦ ¦> i -. •
Schr Ralph J Long, Isigkeit. 4 days*-fTonj
Siuslaw River.
CLEARED.
Saturday. June 2.
Stmr Humboldt. Bonifleld, Unalaska: Alaska
Ex^loratfr-n Co.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr San Jose, \3rown, St Michael; Alaska
Commercial Co.
Stmr Queen,' Hinkel. Victoria: Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Mex stmr Ienaeio Mariscal. Bowen. I.fanzan
illo and Mexican ports; Mexican Coast S S <_*a
Nor stmr Titania. GuIliKsen, Nanaimo; Jobs
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Br stmr Primrose Hill. Wilson, Queenstown
Girvin & Eyre.
SAILED.
Saturday, June 2.
Stmr Humboldt. BonifleKl. Unafaska.
Stmr Alcazar. Martin. Greenwood.
Stmr Matteawan. Crosscuo. Tacoma.
Stmr San Jose, Brown, St llirhael.
Stmr Pttmona. I'arscns. Kur?ka.
Stmr Quern. Hinkle. Victoria. '
Stmr Crescent Citv. Htockllotn. Crescent Cltj
Stmr State of California. Gage. A3t«ria.
Stmr Santa Ro^a. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Progrero. Zoliing. Tacoma. -
Nor stmr Titania. Gulliksen, Nanaimo.
Tug Shelikof. .
Bark Olympic. Gibbs. Honolulu.
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson. Bowcns LaniJlns
Schr Nettie Sundborg. Anderson. .
Schr North Bend. Palmgren. Wiltapa Harhnr
Schr Ocean Srray, Johansen. ivcneSi Liind
ins.
S<-hr Gem. Nelson. Ucashik.
Sloop Impossible, Low. Point Reyes.
SPOKEN*.
May 22. lat 30 N. Ion 37 W— Br bark Inver
may. hence Feb 16, for Queenstown.
May 8. lat 10 S, Ion 27, W— Ship St Davi4
from New Tork, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 2. 10 p m— Weathej
foggy; wind SW. velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed June 2— Schr Marlon, fcj
San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June 2— Bktn Ska
git, from Honolulu.
EUREKA— Sailed June 2— Stmr Del Norte. foj
San Francisco, and not 1st. as reported.
Sailed June 2— Br bark for Syd
n< FORT TOWNSEND— Sailed June t-Bart
Palmyra, for Cape Town: schr Bangor. for Si
Michael; schr Allen A. for Hllo.
Arrived June 2— Chi! bark India, from Iqui
que; bktn Robert Sudden, from Honolulu; bktr
Skasit. from Honolulu.
COOS BAT— Arrived June 1— Stmr Arcata
hence May 23.
SEATTLE — Arrived June 1 — Stmr Bertha
from Kodiak; ship May Flint, from Tacoma
Br*3tmr Athenian, from Tacorax June 2— U I
stmr McCulloch, henc» May 2S. "
S*U*d June 1— Schr Allen A. for Hilo; schi
Mildred E. for Nome; U S stmr Manning, fol
Xome: U 3 stmr Ro?eorans. for Nome.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 2— Stmr Na
tional City, hence June 1.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Jane 2— Bktn Tam o
Shanter. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 2— Stmr Columbia, fa.'
San Francisco.
FORT ROSS — Sailed June Z— Schr Mary C. fen
San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Sailed June 2— Stmr Whitea
boro, for Port Lcs Ansele*.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA- Sailed June 2— Er stmr Dorio
for San Francisco.
HONGKONG — Sailed June 2 — Jap stmr Nll>
pon Maru. for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— Sailed May 31— Br shlD Cr©
martyshlre, tor Port Los Angrele*.
Sailed June 1— Fr bark Louis Pasteur, fron
Oregon. .-'¦''>«
PRAWLE — Passed .June 1 — Br ship Cortex
from Antwerp, for San Frarcisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived June 2— Stmr Island
from Stettin, etc; stmr Etruria. from Liver
pool.
Sailed June 2— Stmr Pennsylvania, for Ham
berg, via Plymouth and Cherbours: stmr Lji
canla, for Liverpool: Ftmr Marquette, for Lor*
don;'«tmr Kalaer Wilhelmi for Naples," etc
stmr Arkansas', fcr Nades. etc.
GENOA— Sailed May 31— Stmr Ems. for Ne»
LIVERPOOL—Sailed June 2— Stmr Campar.la
for New York; rtrar Cevic, fcr New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed June 2— Stmr Southward
for New Tork.
HAVRE— Sailed June 2— Stmr La Gascogne
for"New Tork. ¦ 2
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived June 2— Stmr Groa
ser Kurfrust. from ..ew York, for Bremen.
BREMEN— Sailed June 2— Stmr Kaiser Fried
erich der Grosse, for New Tork, via Southamp
CHERBOURG— Sailed June 2— Stmr'St Louis
from Southampton, for New York.
Shipping Intelligence.
O SAIL,
Charters.
The Diamond Head loads merchandise for
Honolulu.' '
The Araer> loads lumber at Grays Harbor for
Santa Rosalia: Elm Branch and Inverness.
rnercha.tn«re and lumber at Portland for China;
t>?n»tor. lumber at Cbemalmif for Callao,
Bank Clearings.
Local back clearing* last week were $20,330,
fSl, ajalnEt J17,l?a,C64 for the same week last
year.
Stocks of Grain.
WHEAT
Port Cost*. Stockton. City.
liar 1 S7.3.17 / 63.110 1.6S6
Junel SO.ttS ' 4S.414 L5C1
ProdTjee Exchar-pe Grain Infpector Pteller re
pfcrt* ctrjcks of prain en har.d in warehouse and
en wharf June l, as follows. In tons:
Port Costa. Stockton. City.
May 1 1S.969' ' "¦¦ ' 14.417 10.442
June 3. 19.S3S U.4"€ 10,024
Oat». Corn. Bran.
2J«v 1 3.S17 •"•.205 . 574
tfUUel 4,^5 lM 545
K-^ipta In May were !K>37 tens Barley, tSZ
tor.* Oats. 7J-1 lens Corn and 1C57 tons Bran.
Wheat Shipments.
The British ship Primrose Hill, which cleared
yesterday for Queenstown. carried 76,272 ctls.
Wheat, valued at T76,3C0, and 25,000 feet Lum
ber Imnr.aee at JS7S.
The British ship Bardowle cleared Friday for
Queenstown with 77.C20 ctls. Wheat, valued at
176.700. ana 25,'/jO feet Lumber EKjEMge, val
ued at $375.
Additional Cargo for Honolulu.
In 'addition to cargo previously reported the
Vark Olympic, which cleared Friday for Hono
lulu, carried IZS cases Canned Gocds, S bales
Cottor., 110 eks. Beans. 25 pkgs. Hardware, u
drums Benzine, 129 head Cattle, 176 cases Soap,
80 bales Hay, IS bales Salt, 100,000 Brick, 1200
lbs. Hops, IS i*d!s I'.rocms, C97 lbs. Breads. 449
oti* Outs, 29 boxes Raisins, SO boxes Dried
Fruit/ 50 cmtrs'&tBrch, '2$ bdU. RagF. 12 pkgs.
fchrimps, 4 fcij-s^ \|'ir« Goods. CO boxes Pins. 1«
this, ticking Powder. 10 pkgs. Chocolate. 60
1 ypf. Machinery. BM lbs. Meal, 260 lbs. Red
Oats, 27> otis. O-rn, 10 sack* Nuts, 1144 bills'.
>"Jour. 60!) tbs. Lard. € tanks Gasoline. 114 rkgs.
Itousebald Goods. i:3.4"0 lbs. Ittoe. ~-.ll- -pkgs.
Wagon Material. 1^0 bdls. Paper. SO bbls. Vine
frar. C ea?r« Playing Cards. 50 nests Trunks,
12 drz. Poultry, 74 ctls. Wheat, SO bdls Ehooks,
Cj. cases Vegetables, 17 cases Dry Goods, !
casr-s Ammunition, JO.vo lbs. Middlings, '4079
E-s. C2 i.kgs. Pipe. «rtc. 415 bbls. Salmon. 23
ts Mackerel, 30 pkgs. Codfish, 16 pkgs Pro
visions. . . ,;: -.-
Weather Report.
di'ih Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 2— 5 p. m.
The foUowtsc maximum temperatures were
reported from . stations In California to-day:
llur^ka *.£ d*ere»*. R<»d Bluff &S. Sacramento 76,
Frerno :<4. San LuiF'Obispo CS. In<J.>j.x;ndence £6,
Lo* Angeles 74. San D:epo 64, Yama 100.
Baa Kianrtfoo data: Maximum temperature,
f^ iK-KT'f*: minimum, 47; mean. 50.
WCATHEJ2 CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over the Pacific Elope
' : ; cloudy and-JVggy along the Northern
rczyt. Ltefct rain Is reported from
\Vttterfl Tt*a^. --¦ r,-: •
The pressure has remained nearly Ftationary
ovti the yar'.ilr- yloir? o.n>l fallen over the upper
:• ¦:•.;! ... ..,..:.
TI>?"«fTip»raiure has remained nearly station
ary in all^^strtcts, and is cenerally above the
Darraal. ';-.,'¦•- •' « ,=- v; < — ¦:¦-¦":_
:;i.-.f .-it* fmvoraM* f.>r fair weather in
' ..'.a Siinrtay excej* cloudy and foggy
t v m; :*>•- centra] California coast. -'."
l-on.-a« rnaiie at San Francisco for thirty
bc*r» "nV.r.Z BflOcfZtltTIa&e Z:
Trr Northern <-ali!orni?~Fa!r Sunday except
: - u-int; t!.p '.crural ro£«t; fresh wo?t wind.
; ..r Southern California— Fair Sunday; fresh
V **^t wini.
For Ncv*.-Ia— I*».ir Sur.<la;\
F-;r (.'tr.li— l"£.ir' Sur.aay; cooler.
K<r Arizona— Fair Sunday.
i'.-r .-jn 1'rancibco and vicinity— Fair Sunday
e.\c. ; l logey in th? morning: tntrh west wind.
L->ca'l Forecast Official.
? ¦ "
a resumption of buying demand, «.nd confidence
grows that th» consumptive requirements will
prcve sufficient to maintain prosperous condi
tions in this important trade. In the Southwest
and W<st the good progress made by the winter
wh*>at and other crops has given strength to
stocks of railroads running through that re
gion.
In the bond market there has been some im
provement in demand and in prices as a re
sult of the accumulation of idle money and the
apathetic demand for funds at the money mar
kets. The voluma ottering of well secured
boi.ds is small and prices advanced easily with
out any considerable demand. United States re
funding twos when issued and the threes de
clined \i and the old fours registered and
NEW YORK STOCK LIST, -v
Shares ~ * : Closine
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
3.SS9 Atehison 27U
13,950 Atchison prefd 73H
9,931 Baltimore & Ohio 82^
125 Canadian Pacific : 95
Canada Southern Z2 x i
1,400 Chesapeake &. Ohio... 2SV4
1,030 Chicago Great Western 12*6
6.4*J Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 13Q*»
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville 22
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 53
100 Chicago &. Eastern Illinois 9!»-i
100 Chicago A Northwestern 166^
1.367 Chicago Rook Island & Pacific lOSVa
1.OS0 C C C & St Louis. 61
Colorado Southern 6
200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 4S
ZVi Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17
Delaware & Hudson 112
61S Delaware Leek & Western ISO's
Denver & Rio Grande....... 18%
Denver <fe Rio Grande prefd 69»4
Erie 12
Erie 1st prefd 37%
Great Northern prefd 157
100 Hocking Coal 13
100 Hocking Valley 3S%
Illinois Central 113>4
6S1 Iowa Central 19H
Iowa Central prefd 43
Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 16«£
250 Lake Erie & Western 29
Lake Erie & Western prefd 91
Lake Shore 212%
1.5:2 Louisville & Nashville SOVi
1,6-SO Manhattan L 91%
S00 Metropolitan Street Railway 157
150 Mexican Central 12T4
100 Minneapolis 4 St Louis 63
113 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 96U
F.475 Missouri Pacific 66*4
Mobile & Ohio 3914
500 Missouri Kansas & Texas 11
370 Mis?(juri Kansas & Texas prefd 34
100 New Jersey Central 119
. 2,070 New York Central 132
1.5CO Norfolk & Western 38
100 ' Norfolk & Western prefd 7S%
2,010 Northern Pacific 61^4
H3 Northern Pacific prefd 76 1 ;
700 Ontario & Western — 21?i
Oregon Railway & .Nav 42 ¦
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
7.S70 Pennsylvania 132?;
CCO Reading 17V4
6.4C0 Reading 1st prefd 6S»»
Reading 2d rirefd ."Trr 29
Rio Grande Western 58'4
Rio Grande Western prefd 87V4
St Louis & San Fran 10U
Pt Louie & San Fran 1st prefd 69
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 34»i
St Louis Southwestern 11
900 St Louis Southwestern prefd 27%
2.IM5 St Paul ................^.... ....HSVi
173 St Paul prefd 173»i
JO0 Ft Paul & Omaha 116^
10,190 Southern Pacific 35"»
270 Southern Railway 12H
Xh Southern Railway prefd 55
3O> Texas & Pacific '. 16%
10..-.35 Union Pacific SfiVi
3,230 Union Pacific prefd 73',;
Wabas=h '. 8Vs
2"0 Wabash prefd 21
409 Wheeling & Lake Erie 9%
&nfr Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 26^
650 Wisconsin Central 15%
Express companies —
Adams 115
American 155
United States ?45
Wellf-Fargo 117
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 35
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
Amorican Malting 3»4
American Malting prefd 20',*
400 American Smelting & R»9n 3SH
154 American Smelting & Refin prefd.. SH
American Spirits — .; .:..... 214
American Spirits prefd 17
630 American Steel Hoop 21'^
American Steel Hoop prefd 71»i
S 035 American Steel & Wire 35H
£00 American Steel & Wire prefd 76i<i
100 American Tin Plate 23
American Tirf Plate prefd .4
LSS9 American Tobacco S4%
American Tobacco prefd U -
700 Anaconda Mining Co 42%
3.3S5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit .2V4
340 Colorado Fuel & Iron -• S67»
LOSS Continental Tobacco ': 26%
ISO Continental Tobacco prefd SI
5.KW Federal Steel 33
520 Federal Steel prefd 68
110 General Electric 136
Glucose Sugar *- 49%
Glncose Sugar prefd S9&
200 International Paper 22
2C0 International Paper prefd 64%
....... Lsdede Gas Wi
National F.iscult V 30 ,
National Biscuit prefd 79%
312 National Lead IS* 1
National Lead prefd 9ihi
l.Of.0 National Steel V 293*
1M> National Steel prefd .*•• »6
265 New York Air Brake 12S
North American 14%
Pacific Coast • 61^3
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 83
Pacific Coast 2d rreM 60Mi
410 Pacific Mail .*:.. 2«H
2.2C0 People's Gas 100^
600 Pressed Steel Car *> l n
210 Presrod Steel Car prefd.... 77
Pullman Palace Car 1S2
Standard Rope & Twine 5%
ll.n.'5 Sugar 117%
210 Sugar prefd US
ZA20 TenneEfee Coal & Iron . 74H
470 United States Leather 11
1C0 United State? Leather prefd R95i
400 United States Rubber ?7'i
.-. United Slates Rubber prefd 95',i
210 Western Union 79T4
. 241 Republic Iron & Steel 14
. . Republic Iron &. Steel prefd........ CB%
.... P C C & St Louis.... 63 ¦
........ Third Avenue .........113
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. June 2.— The Financier says:
The banks of New York City gained . over
$4,000,000 in cash list week as a result of their
operations with the interior and the Treasury.
This was largely in excess of the known re
ceipts Of currency,- but even more surprising
was* £he expansion of $7,347,600 in loans, with
a coincident rise of $11,344,200 In deposits. As
a usual thing unexpected changes of large vol
ume In the statement can be traced to the
operations of one or more large institutions, but
in the present case the increases seem, to have
been distributed Impartially tfmong quite a
number of prominent banks. There has" been
no demand for funds other than normal, «nd
the inference is that the sudden rise reflects
one or two belated special operations pre
viously mentioned in this analysis. The loan
total, now standing at $S0O.26S.60O. is the largest
in the history of the New York Clearing-house
and surpasses by nearly $6,500,000 the previous
high-water mark, recorded on July 8 last year.
The loan Item has expanded $12,500,000 since
May 5 last. In 1SS9 the same period witnessed
a decline of $30,000,000, but beginning In June
there was a sudden Jump in loans, which
Placed the total in July, as stated, at the
highest point then known. In the face of
present conditions it does not seem possible
that there can be a continuance of the factors
which are responsible for the heavy changes
noted above. At this time last year the surplus
of the banks was nearly $43,000,000; two years
ago It was $52,000,000. In . each year the cul
mination of excess cash came at the end of
the spring months, and If this is to be repeated
now the present exce?s of $20,000,000 will
dwindle very rapidly. Still the banks are hold
ing their own. for the surplus, ,in spite of the
heavy demands made for increased reserve re
quirements, is actually rising. The approach
of the crop season will probably witness 'a
liquidation of the heavy volume of - outstand
ing commitments, although that gold will
come from Europe is as yet an undecided
point. Bank circulation Increased largely In
May and gold from the Klondike will be ar
riving soon. Per capita circulation is actually
expanding, despite exports of gold, but the
money of the country is in use by the banks.
The present total of deposits, however, In New
York Is nearly $27,000,000 under the maximum
reported on March 4. 1899. Even on that' date
the surplus cash in banks was over $4,000,000
In excess of what Is held at present.
WASHINGTON, June 2. — To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve, shows:
Available cash balance, $146,656,563; gold, $69,
710,974. : * : • '
London Market.
NEW YORK, June 2.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here •were auiet and firm but
featureless to-day. Americans were over parity,
Baltimore and Ohio belne the feature. There
was fair Continental buying, mainly from Ber
lin. Call money was wanted and discounts
were firmer. Tlntos and Anacondas recovered
silently. <>J'-:' '
CLOSING.
Atchison, 2SV4; Canadian Pacific, 97U: Union
Pacific preferred, Tfti; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 78 7 -4; Grand Trunk, 7*4: Anaconda, 8%.
Bar silver, steady, 27 9-16d per ounce. Money,
2',j per cent.
NEW YORK, June 2.— FLOUR— Receipts, 18.
532 barrels; exports, 24.G83. Inactive and rather
easy. Winter patents, $3 6Oj}3 85; winter straits,
$3 3o<ia2 50; Minnesota patents, ?3 6Cg3 63; win
ter extras. $2 55(92 80; Minnesota bakers*,. $2 65@
2 95; winter low grades, $2 25@2 40, .
WHEAT— Receipts, 19, 600 bushels; exports,
103,937. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, S2Hc f. o. b.
afloat. 77%c aboard elevator: No. 1 Northern
Dulut'h, 74?ie f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
steady on bullish statistics, continued drought
In the Northwest and steadiness abroad, but
later gave way under realizing, closed weak at
%«>%c net decline. July, 7m<?72 7-16c, closed
72 5 io: September, 76Vi«j76*fcc, closed 73Vic.
METALS — The brokers' price for" lead Is $3 SO
and for copper $16 lSMjiSJlG 35.
HOPS— Steady. State common to choice, 1S93
crop. ll@14c; old, 3^5c; Pacific Coast, 1839 crop,
10S13c: old, 3<g5c.
HIDES— Firm; California, 21&c.
WOOL— Dull; domestic fleece. Iodise.
COFFEE— Fpot Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
$Mc Mild— Steady; Cordova. 9V4@13',4c. Op
tions closed steady, at net unchanged prices to
D points net decline. Total Fales. 9250 bags. In
cluding: June and July. $7 15: September, $7 20
@7 2">; Octol>er, $7 20@7 30; December, $7 45@7 50.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 4 1-16®
4Vic; centrifueal. 96 test. 4 9-16®4%c; molasses
eugar, Z'iflZ 15-16c. Refined— Strong; ; No. 6,
5.K>c; No. 7. 6.C5c; No. 8, 5c; No. 9, 4.93c; No. 10,
4.90c: No. 11, 4.S5c; No. 12, 4.RCc; No. 13, 4.80c;
No. 14, 4.80c; standard A, 5.40c; confectioners'
A, 5.40c; mold A, 5.85c; cut loaf, 6c; crushed.
6c: powdered, 5.70c; granulated, 5.60c; cubes,
S.75c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 4143 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 16Q20c.
EGGS — Receipts, 8221 packages. Quiet; West
ern at mark, l2»-2@13c; loss off Western, lOVfc®
12'ic.
DRIED FRUITS
¦ NBW YORK. June 2.— The market for evap
orated apples ruled ' rather quiet, but about
steady at unchanged prices. California dried
fruits were lnaa*4ve.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4 l ,£@5c; prime, 5ft@6c; choice; 6%@7c; fancy,
7'/4'&8c. ¦
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES- r 8%@7c per
Hound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. J2}4@14c; Moorpark, 15®.
18c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@20c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
Steamer Movements.
Associated Banks' Statement.
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus elgn (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number Kiven is subtracted from
the deptfi given by the charts. The plane oj
reference is the mean of the lower low waters
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, June 2.— CATTLE — Receipts, 100;
market nominally steady. Natives— Good to
prime steers. $4 90@5 CO; poor to medium, $4 40®
4 80.' selected feeders, $4 25@4 95; mixed stockers,
$3 50@4 10; cows, $2@4 25; heifers. $3 15@4 65;
canners, $2 10@2 90; bulls, $2 75® i 25. . Texas fed
steers. $4 60Q5 10; Texas' grass steers, $3 75®
4 40; Texas bulls. $3 10@3 GO. >• - j
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 19,000; Monday (es
timated), 37,000; left over, 2000; market 5@7Ho
lower; top. So 12 1 -. Mixed and butchers', $4 95®
5 12%; good to choice heavy. $5®5 12*£; rough
heavy, $4 85®4 95; light, $4 900510; bulk of
6ales. $5 05£r0 10.
SHEEP— Receipts, 24C0; sheep and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers, $D®5 40; fair to
choice mixed, $4S5; Western sheep ,$5Q3 43;
yearlings, $5 50(?iC; native lambs, $5<§6 60; West
ern lambs, JG<ii 7 40; spring lambs, $5@S.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 2.— The market for cotton
futures opened steady in tone, with prices
three points higher to two points lower; ruled
inactive most of the short session. The close
was steady, with prices net one to three points
higher.
Imports and Exports at Nezv York.
NEW YORK. June 2.— The Imports of specie
this week were $:6,13S gold and $037 silver. Ex
ports of Specie from this port to all countries
for this week aggregate $934,870 silver bars and
coin ' and $39,870 cold."
Imports of dry goods and merchandise at the
port of New York for the week are valued at
$9,i:C,71S.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. June 2.— Consols, 102%; SlU-er,
27 9-16d; French Rentes, lOlf 43c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; English country
markets} quiet: 'Wheat and Flour on passage to
United Kingdom. 3.0S0.00O; "Wheat and Flour on
passage to Continent. 1,630,000.
June 2.— To-day is a holiday In
the, markets. Wheat In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, June £— Clearings, $291,610;
I balances, $S1,347.
Northern Wheat Market.*
f
OREGON. U; : : r .
PORTLAND, June 2.— Some dealers state that
they can secure wheat at 52c, while others de
clare It impossible to move any great amount
at anything under 53c for Walla Walla and
valley. -
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June 2.— WHEAT— Quiet and quo
tations " unchanged ; bluestein, 64c; club, 61c;
both for export.
Exchange and Silver as previously quoted.
Wheat and Barley dull and weak.
Nothing doing in Oats, Corn and Rye.
Beans end Seeds motionless.
Hay quiet diid tin-changed. Bran and Middlings firm.
Potatoes, Of? ions and Vegetables as before.
Butter and Eggs slowly improving. Cheese firm.
Light receipts of Eastern Poultry announced.
Fresh Fruit market xvell supplied and fairly active.
Nrju comb Honey sold at 12 i-2c per pound.
Previsions dull and weak, with cutting in Hams.
Hides still lower and neglected. Tallow weak.
Hops and Wool inactive and unchanged.
Meat market stands the same.
Local stocks and bonds dull. *
Local bank clearings show a gain over last year.
..ARTICLES. Receipts. Shipm'ts.
Flour.' barrels ...... ..... 12,000 12,000
Wheat, bushels :. 45,000 i «2.00O
Corn, bushels ..". 510,000 270,000
Oats, bushels 520,000 233,000
Rye, bushels 6.C0O .'...,;.
Barley, bushels 25.000 .9,000
On the~"Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creamery, 15@19»4c; dairy,
13<313'4c Cheese, steady; S(JfS»ic. I^ggs, steady;
fresh, lie.
Foreign Futures.
j{ — — — Jr
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— : V>j July. Sept.
Opening Holiday.
Closing ¦¦¦ ' y .
PARIS.
Wheat— , May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 25 '21 55
Closing : 2020 2180
Flour — "'¦.-"'
Opening - 27 20 28 60
Closing 27 30 28 65
BOSTON STOCKS BONDS.
Money— ' ' West End ....:... 92
Call loans 2J?3 Bonds-
Time Joans 3@4 Atchison 4s 100^4
Stocks— N E G & Coke 5s. 65
Atchison .*. 27H Mining \ shares
do prefd 73>* Adventure 3^
Am Sugar 117»* Allouez Min Co... 11U
• do prefd 113 Amalfr Copper .... $9r-
Bell Telephone 304 Atlantic ... 23
Boston & Albany. 240 Boston &. Mont.... 308
Boston Elevated v. 139 Butte &' Boston... 71
Boston & Maine. ..192U Calumet & Hecla.727
C B & Q 130'i Centennial 18'4
Dom Coal 41H Franklin 13',i
do prefd 114 Humboldt 50
Fed Steel 35% Osceola 62
do prefd CS} 8 Parrot 43&
Pitchburg 133 iQuincy 135
Mexican Central... 12%! Santa Fe Copper... 4%
N E G & Coke l',\i Tamarack ''. .192
Old Colony 205 Utah Mining 2S
Old Dominion .... IS Wlnona S
Union Pacific E6?» Wolverines ........ 3SV4
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
Pottltry and Game.
Two cars only are announced "for to-morrow.
The market is dull and featureless.
' POULTRY— Live : Turkeys,*— 10@llc for Gob
blers and ll@12V4c" for* Hens; i Geese, per ' pair.
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 25©1 50; " Ducks. $4@5
for "old and $5@6 'for young; Hens, $1@5;
Young $5®6; Old Roosters, $3 50@4;
Fryers. : J4 50; Broilers, $3@4 for large and ?2@
2 E0 for small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for
old and $1 60®l 75 for squabs.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs are in smaller stock and firmer, and some
dealers are quoting an advance. Cheese is also
firm. : Butter is showing stronger symptoms.
In fact, the whole market under' this head Is
working around into better scape. '
BUTTER-
Creamerj- — Fancy Creamery, 17Vs@18c; sec
onds, • l6»-i<g:i7c. .
Dairy— Fancy, 16@17c; good to choice, 14®
la^c; common,' "lS'^c. '
CHEESE— New, 7%@Sttc; Young America. 99
9%c; Eastern. lC@17o; Western. 15@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13V£@15c for store and 163
16Hc per dozen for ranch.^ '?'"'"" J '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Most of the black Cherries now coming in are
mushy and poor, and they have to be sold low.
The white Cherries make a better display.
Peaches are in moderate. supply and steady,
but Aprteots are plentiful and lower. Plums
are In light receipt. A good many Apples and
Pears in baskets are coining in and are dull.'
•Berries continue steady at the good prices,
A small box of Figs from Vacavllle sold at
65c.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APRICOTS— 35@3ee per • box for Royals; In
baskets, 35@40c.
' APPi.ES — Green Apples. 25®50c per box and
15(ff-35c rfer basket and C0c@$l for Red Astra
chans, large boxes. ' ' v
PEARS— Madeline, In large npxes, 65c; In
small boxes, SOigCOc per box; in baskets, 2Jffi3.>c.
I PLUMS — Clymans. 40c@$l per box and crate:
.Cherry Plums, 25Q35C for drawers and 50c for
boxes.
STRAWBERRIES— $1 50«25 50 per chest for
large and $7(!jl0 for small berries. /
-GOOSEBEimiE!3-2Vi^3>Ac per lb for 'com
mon and —^--per lb for English.
¦RASPBERRIES— $5*39 per chest; Newcastle,
$1 per crate. ' ¦ ' ' '_:
• BLACKBERRIES— $6@3 per chest; from
Fresno, 50©65c and from Newcastle, 65 l @75c per
crate. '
: LOGAN BERRIES-$5@6 per chest.
CURRANTS-$2 50@4 per chei;t.
FIGS — From Arizona, $1(91 25 per box.
PEACHES — JOcS^l per box and 75@S5c per
basket. ¦ ¦
1 CHERRIES— 2G@50c per box for black; Royal
Anne, 40@60c.' In bulk, 204c for black and
2@3 l /4c per lb for white and 5@5>£c for Royal
Anne. Receipts were 4037 boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 50^2 50
per box; Seedliin;s, $i©l 73; Valencias, fS-SZ 50;
Lemons. $1@1 60 for common and $2(22 60 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4^5; Ba
nanas, $2@3 per bunch; Pineapples. {2 50'g 1 per
dozen. '
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The new comb Honey mentioned a day or
two ago Is reported ¦ sold 'at 12Hc per lb. It
was light, but not strictly bright.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes, in sacks. 4®4%c
for 40-50' s. 3%®3%c for 60-60' s, 3ti ( g3 1 ,£c for
60-70's. 3®3Uc for 70-80' s, 2Tl@3c for S0-90's
and 2%f 2%c for 90-100's; Apricots, 9@10c for
Royals and 10®Hc for Mdorparks; . Peaches.
4'/4®l%c for Standards. Ec for choice, and 5^®
6c for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10@12%c; Evapo
rated Apples. 5V4@6c; sun-dried, 3@4c per lb:
Pears, ZVi<mVzC for dark and 7<3Sc for bright
halves; Black Figs. l»i#2c: White Figs, 233c;
Bleached Plums. 7%c; Unbleached Plums. 6c
for fitted and 114c for unpitted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb 10c: choice. 9c; standard, 8c: prime, 6c:
unbleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c.- Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, 8V4c; choice, 7&c; standard, 6Hc;
prime 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless,
EO-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, o^c;
3-crown, 6*4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 60: Imperial, $3. AH
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts. 8@9c for Standards and 9@
10c for softshells; Almonds, ll%(S;i2c for paper
shell 9@10c for soft and 4@5c for hardshell :
Peanuts. 5%®6>4c for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts, 7HSSc; Filberts, 12@12i4c;
Pecans. ll&lSc: Coroanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 12^(3130 for bright and 11®
12c ior light amber; water white extracted.
7^4 ©7%c; light amber extracted, G\i®6*Lc; dark,
ji^f^Gc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb. ,
Provisions.
All classes of cured meats are quiet, with
increasing weakness in quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy,
lie for light medium, 12o for light, 13c for ex
tra light and 14%c for sugar cured.' Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13@13%c: Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl: extra Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork, $14 50® 15: extra clear. $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef, 12%@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@Sc per lb for com
pound and 8H@9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9U'c: 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins. 10Uc
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 8Hes%c per lb; half
barrels, 8%@ST4c; 10-lb tins. 9y 4 c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops,
The circular of W. B. Sumner & Co. says
"Wet ealted hides are dull and few t<ales
are being made. Dealers generally anticipate
and reports from the East Indicate a decline.
Dry hides" and calfskins are depressed and
have declined lc per lb during the past week.
Horse hides are dull at lower prices, with a
poor demand. There is less inquiry for deer
skins, though choice lots sell readily at full
figures. Goatskins sell readily. Tallow meets
with a poor demand."
HIDES -AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light, 9c; Cowhides,
9c; Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,. 10c: Dry
Hides sound, ISc; culls and brands. 15c: Dry
*\ip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf. 18c: Sheepskins.
Shearlings. S0i@30c each; short Wool, 35(860c
each; medium, "(VffOOc; long Wool, $101 Ifi each;
Horse Hides. $2'a2 r,0 for large and 75c@$l 50
for small; Colt?, 25@50c. Deerskins— Summer
cr red skins. 37 1 ,4t?40c: fall or medium skins,
32%S : 35c: winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins—
Primo Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, S5c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4 l ic per lb; No. 2,
4c; refined. 6c; grease,' 2H@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 15%<Jfl7c; Northern defective. 13
@45c; Middle County, free, 15@17c: Middle
County, defective, 1301V;: Southern Mountain,
12 months', 12@13c; Southern Mountain, free,
7 months', ll® 13c: Southern Mountain, defec
tive, 7 months', 10@12c; 'Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 20@21c; Nevada.'14@17c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 6@llc per lb.
Saii Francisco. Meat Market.
BEEF-»5i4@<>Hc per lb for. fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 8@9c; . smajl.' 9®9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6&@7c; ewes. 6S6V4c per
pound.
1 LAMB— Spring. 8%@9c; yearlings, 7#@8c per
lb. •¦¦¦-¦-¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦¦,'¦
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%@5%c for small' and
medium and 6%@5Hc for large: stock Hogs and
feeders. 5%©5%c; dressed Hogs, 7@8%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 65 r Calcutta
Grain Bags, ~6%c; Wool Bags, 28^®32Hc.-
Fleece Twine, 'VAc'
COAL— Wellington, $S per. ton; new Welling
ton. $S; SouthO"ld Wellington, $S; Seattle, $«;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $S: Co
operative ' Wallsend/- $8; Cumberland, $12 in
bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $14: Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $16
per ton in bulk and $18 in gacks; Castle Gate
and Rock Springs, $S 45 per 2000 lbs.' .
; '¦ SUGAR— The ' Western Sugar Refining Com
pany ; quotes, per lb, in> 100-lb bags: Cubes,
A Crushed and Fine Crushed,, 5. 70c ; Powdered,
5.30c; Candy Granulated, 5.30c; Dry Granulated,
5 20c Confectioners' A, 5.20c; Magnolia A, 4.80c;
Extra C. 4.70c; Golden C, 4.60c; barrels, 10c
more ; half -barrels; 1 25c : more ; • boxes, 50c more ;
60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than ! 75 - barrels or its ' equivalent. Dominos,
half- barrels, 5.95c ; boxes, • 6. 20c per lb. " ¦¦
.-•¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ •• ' 1 » — : I-
Receipts of Produce.
FOR ' SATURDAY, JUNE 2.
Flour, qr sks .... 6.98SiBran, sks ... 1,000
Wheats ctls ..... 78,22» Hay. tons 301
Barley, ctla ..... 3,490 Straw, tons S4
Oats, ctls "fl 0 ! 1 ! 6118 - bdls 330
Corn, East, ctls.. 600. Hides, no ........ 456
Corn, ctls 375 Raisins, bxs ..... 600
Che»se, -ctls . 45 Eggs, doi ...31.140
Butter, ctls- 707 Quicksilver, flsks . 272
Tallow, ctls ..... 2i" Leather, rolls ... 107
Beans, sks 412 Wine, gals 124,100
Potatoes, ska ... 2.760tLime. bbls - 40?
.OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 2,040) Oats. . ctla ....._ 1.9S0
WASHINGTON.
Flcvr Gr sks ... 5,920 Hops, bales ...... 50
Bran; sks 3,4iO Wool, bales ...... 752
$2,234,950, against $3,044,200; stocks. 220,553
shares, against 362.07S.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. .'"*
SATURDAY. June 2—12 m.
Vtt ¦«,¦. Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
L S Bonds— - Equit G I, Co. 2H. — -
4s quar coup..ll3%116U Mutual El Co. 9\»,11
4s do reg 114%U5ii O G L & H...*5*s —
Is do cd new..i34v 4 l35 Pac Gas Imp.. 45% -
3a do coupon.. 109^103% p ac L. Co..!... - 44
Miscellaneous— - SFG&E 461446*;
S^U** «5"i2* - *« Francisco *£ 4*
L cfn p y 6 6l::I!^= vSSgrzz*,* _
HP^VV' ~ " BaZlk StOCkS-
H C & S 5L,s. - - \nglo-CalLtd. 65 87
Do 5s.. 10j — Bank of Cal.. .410 —
L A Ry as — 104Ji Cal S D & T.105 —
LA L Co 63.. — — nrst National. — 230
Do gntd 63.. — — Con P & A 132H —
Do gntd 5S...100 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A & P R as. 102^ — Sev Nat Bank — —
ilarket-st 63...128 — Savings Banks— ."
Do 1st M 53.113 119 Ger S & L....1S30 —
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Hum S & L.. — —
N R of Cal 6s.ll5H — Mot Sav Bank 45 —
Do 5s 117 IIS S F Sav U :S«J5 —
N P C R R 6s.l01!-ilo2^4 Sav & L So.... 74 78
Do 5s — i0S5i Sec s a v Bk.... — —
N Cal R R 6s.Hl — L'nlon T Co.... — —
Oak G L&HDs.lll — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 63..11S 119 California 121% —
Oak W Co us.. — — Geary-st oa —
Oceanic S 5s.. — 107% Market-st Ry. 62*i S3
Om C Ry 6s.. .123 — OS L & H.. — i>0
P & Cl Ry 6s.l04»4 — Presidio 16 -
P & O R R 6s. 115 — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 6sU>0 — California ....160 170
Sac L & G R5s — — Giant Con Co.. 89>4 89«i
S F & SJV Ss.ll9HH9ia Vlgorlt ........ 2% S
S Ry of Cal Gs.llHi — Sugar Stocks —
S P of A 63...113 T i — Hana S P Co.. 7% 7*4
, Do (1P03) — HO Haw C & S Co 83»i 90^
Do (19CC) .... 111^4113 Honokaa S Co. 33?i 34
Do (1912) .... — 122',i Hutch S P Co. — 2S
Do 1st eg 5s. — — Kilauea S Co. 20<4 21
, S P Br 6s... ..130 131 V4 Makaweli S Co 47S 4774
S V Water 6s..U5 — Onomea S Co.. 27% —
! Do 4s 103^4 — Paauhau S Co. 31T» 32H
Do 3d mtg...l01H102 . Miscellaneous—
Stocktn Gas 6a 99 — A I Pack Asan. — llS*i
• Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn. — —
Contra Costa.. 72 72% Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marin County. 50 — Oceanic S Co.. 33 94
Spring Valley. 95»i — Pac A F A 2 —
Gas & Electric— ,Pac C Bor Co.149 —
Cent G L Co.. — — [Par Paint Co.. Ill —~ • '
Cent L & P.... 3% — [
Mornins Session.
Board —
10 Contra Costa Water, s 90 72 00
23 Giant Pov.-der Con.-. .'. 83 00
10 Giant Powder Con 89 25
5 Giant Powder Con S3 274
10^ Giant Powder Con. 89 50
!¦'¦! Honokaa Sugar Co. b 15 31 75
$5dC0 Los Angelas Railway 5a 104 25
" 5i) Paauhau S P Co, cash : 31 Soi
10 Pacific Gas Improvement Co 45 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 23
35 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 50
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage) 101 50
200 Vlgorit Powder 3 00
Street—
£5 Oceania, Steamship Co 93 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Homestake 11 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board .yesterday:
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchante yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 07' 700 Ophir 6!>
5^0 Best & Belcher 3i| 200 Potosi 27
TOO Chollar 27 j 7^) Potosl 2S
"no Con Cal & Va..l 75 S0O Savage 15
n:/> Con Cal A Va..l 7011300 Sierra Nevada. 38
8C0 Gould & Curry. 161 iro Standard 4 60
100 Gould & Curry. 17 1W Standard 4 70
200 Hale & Norcts. 30 300 Union Con 23
200 Mexican .....>. 22; 4C0 Utah 09
3oO Mexican S3' 600 Yellow Jacket.. 17
Morning Session
500 Belcher 22 1 500 Mexican 32
1200 Belcher 23 hw> Mexican 33
1100 Best & Belcher. 34 700 Mexican 30
500 Best & Belcher. 36 500 Mexican 23
400 Best & Belcher. 321 300 Mexican 2S
600 Best & Belcher. sa'lTCO Ophir 67
1400 Chollar 2S; 200 Ophir 6S
400 Chollar 26[ 500 Ophir 60
400 Chollar 231 300 Ophir 60
3oO C G & Va 1 65 700 Ophir 53
700 C C & Va 1 70 400 Ophir 5S
SCO C C & Va 1 75:1100 Potosl 2*
Sr,0 C C & V&....1 72^1 500 Potosl 27
300 C C & Va....l 62i 3 ! 300 Potosl 25
600 C C & Va 1 to' GOO Potosl 23
2C0 C C & Va....l 57VV1200 Savage 15
COO Con New Tork. 03 600 Sierra Nevada. Z9
200 Crown Point.... 10 300 Sierra Nevada. 37
600 Gould &"" Curry. 171 500 Sierra Nevada. 3S
4"0 Gould & Curry- 15 510 Sierra Nevada. 31
•6C0 Gould & Curry. 14 LOO Union 'Con 56
300 Hale & Norcrs. 29 1 500 Utah 08
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. June 2—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 Oo'justtce 03 09
Alta .'. 03 04iKentuck — 01
Andes 07 OStLady Wash — 03
Belcher 21 23 Mexican 27 2S
Best & Belcher. 31 32!OccidentaJ 1? 14
Bullion 02 03,'Ophlr 5S 60
Caledonia 1 10 1 2">| Overman 13 19
Chollar 24 2611'otosl 24 25
Challenge Con. — 20' Savage 14 10
Coundenoe 65 "OjScorpion — 02
Con Cal & Va.l 55 1 65 jSejr Belcher 01 03
Con Imperial... — 01, Sierra Nevada. 3.> 36
Con Xew York. — 03 1 Silver Hill 35 3S
Eureka Con — SOiSt Louis — 12
Crown Point 10' lllStandard 4 60 —
. %
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Exchequer 01 OS Syndicate — 10
Gould & Curry. 15 16 1 Union Con 23 24
Hale & Norcrs. 29 30 i Utah .'. CS 10
Julia — 03! Yellow Jacket. 16 IS
Emma L. Miller to Hedwig Miller, lot on W
line of Treat avenue, 100 S of Twenty-third
street. S 26 by W 109; $10.
David J. Makepeace to Frances L. Makepeace,
lot on N line of Fell street. 1S1:3 E of Steiner,
E 25 by N 137:6; sift.
Orel M. and Anita Goldaracena to Georce C.
Alferitz, lot on N line of Green street and SW
line of Montgomery avenue, W 78:8. N<3:9. E
21:5. SE S9:5H: $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Charles
A. Dumont and Ernestine Longeron, lot 9. plat
2%, Omega Section/ $140.
Estate of Margaret B. Beck (by John Nolthe
niu3 and Richard Kummerlander, executors) to
Charles Strohmaier, lot on S line of Fifteenth
street. 120 W of Castro, W 40 by S IC3:4H; $S25.
Annie and Michael J. Kelly to Alfred D. Che
shire, lot on N line of Ellis st, 93 E of Scott, E
44:6 by N 137:6; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Henri
etta S. and Mary A. Boucher, lot 19, blcck 3,
Marion Tract (Hospital lot); $10.
Henry and Clara Glanottl to A. Fantlna, lot
on NW line of San Jose avenue, 82:2*i NE of
Thirtieth street. NE 26:10, W 106:8, S 25. E 96:10;
$10.
P. A. and Rosa B. Morbio (Sutro) to Mercan
tile Trust Company of San Francisco, undivided
one-sixth interest In let on N line of California
street, S7:6 E of Montgomery, E 25 by N 1U:4;
$10.
Emma L. and George W.. Merritt to same, un
divided one-«ixth interest in same; $10.
Charles W. Sutro to same, undivided one-sixth
Interest in same; $10. .
Teresa Casassa to Pletro Foplano, lot on S
line of Green street. 178 W of Kearay, w 25 by
S 68:9 (subject to right of way); $10. ,
Abraham and Amelia Aronson to William
Wilson, lot on S line of Post etreet, 137:6 E of
Stockton. E 43:10 by S 120; $10.
¦ John and Ellen Collins to Bernhart Backer
lot on N line of Pacific street, 137:6 W of Hyde
W 26 by N 71:6; $10.
¦ San Francisco Savings Union to Henry E.
Bothln, lot on NW-line of Jessie street. liS SW
of Ecker. SW 33 by NW 62; $10.
Henry E. and L. J. Bothln to James and
Frank G. Hasrsln, same; {4100.
Ellen J. Osgood to Herman I. Nager, lot on
SE line of Natoma street, 250 SW of Eighth.
Elizabeth and James Christy to William H
Ashcroft, lot on NW corner of Solano and Mis
sissippi stretta, N 100 by W 100; $10.
3"H@38c; No. 2 oats. 22@22V s c: No. 2 -white, 24%
©2514c: No. 3 white, 24@24%c; No. 2 'rye, 54c;
KOod feeding barley, 36%c: lair to choice malt
ing, 39@42c; No. 1 -rtaxseed, ?I SO; No. 1 North
western, $1 SO; prime timothy, seed, $2 40®2 <2%;
mess pork, per barrel, $D 90011; lard, per j 100
pounds, $6 B5@6 G5: short -fibs .-, sides (loose),
$6 30<ff6 60: dry salte'd shoulders (boxed),'.' 6%@
6%c: short clear sides : (boxed), $8 90®7; whisky,
basis of high : wines, $1 23; . clover, contract
Crade, |7 50. '"¦ • >
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE .3, 190Q.
TO ARRIVE.
31
New York Grain and Produce.
ARTICLES. . |Open.|Hlgh.|Low.JClose.
Wheat No. 2— .... I
June '..¦..............¦... 66 "68 65% (55%
July - 67 67% 60% 66%
Corn No. 2—
June . 37»4
July •••• 37%, 87^4 37>4 2~%
Oats No. 2— "^ - ¦: - ¦
June...... 21 21 20% 21
July. ..•.-.. 21% 21% 21%I 2UJ
Mess Pork, bbl— : - "•¦«.•
July U 00 1112^4 1100 1105
I^ard, 100 lb»— "'¦'¦'
July >......¦.. .;:..: 6 72^ 6 72'4 C«;i{ 6 65
September. 6 62V4 6 65,. 860 660
¦ .Short Illbs, ICO lbs—
July .................... « «H 6 47>4 %*2% 6 47«S
September ......¦.••-. « *2V> 6 47Mi g 42H 8 45-
SUNDAY, JUNE S.
~un rises 4:1S
Sun sets ."...... ":»;
Myon pets.. 11:40 p. m.
O Time Time Time| Time
» Ft. — — Ft. Ft. Ft.
»¦ H W L W H W L W
« . 3:02 4.S 9:33 O.S 4:59 5.0 1 10:52l~ 3 C
4... 4:06 3.8 10:14 1.3 5:37 5.X ......I
L W " H"W L. VT ¦¦" H Wl "
5 ... 0:02 2.7 5:1S 3.6-10:55 1.7 6:14 5.1
6... 0:3S 2.2 6:X=i 3.4 11:17 2.1 «:50 5 5
7 ... 1:33 1.7 7:50 3.4 12:2S 2.4 7:23 S.3
8 ... 2:17 1.1 8:35 3.5 1:14 2.7 7:57 5.4
9 ... 2:55 0.6 9:53) 3.7 1:53| 2.9 ,8:23 5.<
Steamer. I From. I Due.
I
Robt. Adarason*Xanalmo June 1
Del Nortf lOr^gon Ports June 3
Columbia Portland , (June 4
Corona San Diei?o....y. June 4
North Fork jHumboIdt Juno 4
Wellington jOyster Harbor June 4
Arcata |Coo» Bay Jene 4
Hongkong MaruiChim. and Japan Jur.e 9
Warfield [Oyster Harbor Jane i
Washtenaw ....ITacoraa , June !
Pomona [Hurnboldt [June J
Bonlta IXewport.. .'. :. June t
Umattlla (Victoria & Puget Sound June »
ESnpire [Coos Bay Juno -I
Crescent City... Crescent City .Jane .
City of Para.. ..(Panama June *»
Santa Roea San Diego June *
Potnt Arena (Mendocino iJune !
State of Cal (Portland June !
Cooa Bay Newport ljune l»
City of Pnebla. A'lctnria & Pujet SoundlJune U
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor.... June 11
Steam«r. | Destination. | Sails.
Pt. Arena.. I Point Arena.. June 4. 2
Coos Bay... I Newport June 4, 9
Xewburgr ..|Grays HarborJJune 4, 12
Wai Walla. Vic & fgx. Sd.lJune L 11
Arcata ..... Coos Bay [June 5. 12
Corona San Dieifo {June 8. 11
Gaelic China & Japan! June 6. 1
ptn;Pier !
amiPier 11
m| Pier L*
amiPior I
mi Pier V
am|PU-r i:
pm;PiI3.s
Del Xorte..|Oresrcn Ports. (June 8, %
Columbia ..[Portland June 7. II
Curacao {Mexico..' June 7. 10
Pomona . ...(Hiimholdt June 7. i
North Fork. I Humboldt (June 7, 9
F.onlta iXewport (June S. 9
City SydneyjPanama IJune 8, 12
am! Pier 2;
ami Pier ji
amlPior 1:
pm;pi»>r !
am. Pier •
am Pier i:
mtPMSS
L.uxor ...... Europe 'June 2, ...
Santa Rosa. San Diego June 10. 11
Umatilla .. Vic & Put 3d. June 10. n
State of Call Portland June 12. 11
i
am! Pie* i:
am] Plijr 1
am Pier S
SUNDAY, JUNE S.
~un rises 4:1S
Sun sets ."...... ":»;
Myon pets.. 11:40 p. m.
O Time Time Time| Time
» Ft. — — Ft. Ft. Ft.
»¦ H W L W H W L W
« . 3:02 4.S 9:33 O.S 4:59 5.0 1 10:52l~ 3 C
4... 4:06 3.8 10:14 1.3 5:37 5.X ......I
L W " H"W L. VT ¦¦" H Wl "
5 ... 0:02 2.7 5:1S 3.6-10:55 1.7 6:14 5.1
6... 0:3S 2.2 6:X=i 3.4 11:17 2.1 «:50 5 5
7 ... 1:33 1.7 7:50 3.4 12:2S 2.4 7:23 S.3
8 ... 2:17 1.1 8:35 3.5 1:14 2.7 7:57 5.4
9 ... 2:55 0.6 9:53) 3.7 1:53| 2.9 ,8:23 5.<
ARTICLES. . |Open.|Hlgh.|Low.JClose.
Wheat No. 2— .... I
June '..¦..............¦... 66 "68 65% (55%
July - 67 67% 60% 66%
Corn No. 2—
June . 37»4
July •••• 37%, 87^4 37>4 2~%
Oats No. 2— "^ - ¦: - ¦
June...... 21 21 20% 21
July. ..•.-.. 21% 21% 21%I 2UJ
Mess Pork, bbl— : - "•¦«.•
July U 00 1112^4 1100 1105
I^ard, 100 lb»— "'¦'¦'
July >......¦.. .;:..: 6 72^ 6 72'4 C«;i{ 6 65
September. 6 62V4 6 65,. 860 660
¦ .Short Illbs, ICO lbs—
July .................... « «H 6 47>4 %*2% 6 47«S
September ......¦.••-. « *2V> 6 47Mi g 42H 8 45-
Steam«r. | Destination. | Sails.
Pt. Arena.. I Point Arena.. June 4. 2
Coos Bay... I Newport June 4, 9
Xewburgr ..|Grays HarborJJune 4, 12
Wai Walla. Vic & fgx. Sd.lJune L 11
Arcata ..... Coos Bay [June 5. 12
Corona San Dieifo {June 8. 11
Gaelic China & Japan! June 6. 1
ptn;Pier !
amiPier 11
m| Pier L*
amiPior I
mi Pier V
am|PU-r i:
pm;PiI3.s
Del Xorte..|Oresrcn Ports. (June 8, %
Columbia ..[Portland June 7. II
Curacao {Mexico..' June 7. 10
Pomona . ...(Hiimholdt June 7. i
North Fork. I Humboldt (June 7, 9
F.onlta iXewport (June S. 9
City SydneyjPanama IJune 8, 12
am! Pier 2;
ami Pier ji
amlPior 1:
pm;pi»>r !
am. Pier •
am Pier i:
mtPMSS
L.uxor ...... Europe 'June 2, ...
Santa Rosa. San Diego June 10. 11
Umatilla .. Vic & Put 3d. June 10. n
State of Call Portland June 12. 11
i
am! Pie* i:
am] Plijr 1
am Pier S
Steamer. I From. I Due.
I
Robt. Adarason*Xanalmo June 1
Del Nortf lOr^gon Ports June 3
Columbia Portland , (June 4
Corona San Diei?o....y. June 4
North Fork jHumboIdt Juno 4
Wellington jOyster Harbor June 4
Arcata |Coo» Bay Jene 4
Hongkong MaruiChim. and Japan Jur.e 9
Warfield [Oyster Harbor Jane i
Washtenaw ....ITacoraa , June !
Pomona [Hurnboldt [June J
Bonlta IXewport.. .'. :. June t
Umattlla (Victoria & Puget Sound June »
ESnpire [Coos Bay Juno -I
Crescent City... Crescent City .Jane .
City of Para.. ..(Panama June *»
Santa Roea San Diego June *
Potnt Arena (Mendocino iJune !
State of Cal (Portland June !
Cooa Bay Newport ljune l»
City of Pnebla. A'lctnria & Pujet SoundlJune U
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor.... June 11
"SUGAR" TIP FREE.
SEND FOR IT QUICK!
—^-INVESTMENT SPECIALIST. -
SUITE 4», 40 EXCHANGE PI*. NEW TORK
ADCTION, SALES
50 DEAD OF HORSES
from 1050 to 1400.
Well-matched pairs of BLACKS. BATS.
BROWNS and CHESTNUT SORRELS.
From HAGGINS' RANCH (Kern Co. Land Co>.
At SALESYARD. 1733 MARKET ST.. cor. Van
Ness ave.
CHASE & MENDENHALL.
Successor to KILLIP & CO.
CLOSINO-OUT SALE by ADCTION
J5 HEAD GENTLE. WELL-BROKEN
HORSES,
From Siskiyou County.
MONDAY MORNING. June 4. IDOOvat 11 o'clock
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 Howard St.. near Third.
W. O. LAYNG. Auctioneer.Mrs.. Eiifelia Bustnmente, an -old ladv
living nt.1024 Kearny street, attemnted »n
step off: an electric car yesterday whil* it
vasiin motion, at Broadway and MtnnLi !t
alley; ; an^felT to i the S grwiiK?? She w a «
taken to the Receiving HosDital u ~ s
found that the bone over her eft evehJSf
was fractured and her < left elbow- ? «^
Fell Off an Electric Car.
Coroner's Jury IJay the Death of I«Iiss
SRfK Mary Devine at Her
. Door.
Coroner Cole, held an Inquest yesterday
into the cause of death, of Miss Mary De
vine., who died at the, residence of her
parents. 337 Fell street. May 29, from the
effects of a criminal operation. ; ..The testi
mony was to the" effect that '. Mlas Devine
on her deathbed stated to her mother and
the attending: physician that, her injuries
were * the ¦ result •' of a criminal operation
t by -Mrs. "Dr.'.' Mary . Allen, > a
"ladies' specialist." The jury, returned', a
verdict stating, the cause of death, and
added this: ',' -*•¦• ."¦•"¦>. ' . .
"From the testimony offered we are of
the ¦ opinion that the said ¦ Mary Devino
came to her death from a criminal opera-
"MRS. DR. MARY ALLEN"
CHARGED WITH MURDER
The jury in the case 'of the United
States, of . America against the Atlantic,
Gulf and Pacific Company returned a ver
dict of guilty yesterday, in the United
States District Court. . The defendant was
tried for having violated the Federal sta
tute prohibiting more than eight hours'
labor a .day on .Government work The
company was engaged in building a dock
at the Mare Island navy yard and work
cd its men overtime and on Sundays also
As a defense it. raised the points that th»
m ? t t, ter u of wor } fInc overtlme was optional
with the employes, they being paid for
all. overtime, and that the work was one
of emergency. ' ' . ° °" e
¦> The company failed to establish its de
fense to the satisfaction of the jury Sen
tence will be passed on. Monday
Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific Company
Found Guilty of Violating the
Federal Statute.
VICTORY OF FRIENDS
OF EIGHT-HOUR-LAW
Representatives of All Eastern Lines
Gather Around the Board and
Make Merry.
The freight representatives of the big
railroads gathered around the banquet
board on Friday night. It was the regu
lar annual feast of the freightmen, and
John A. Gill of the Vanderbilt lines pre
sided. Not a hitch or halt marred the
even progress of the dinner, which all
pronounced the most successful in the his
tory of the association. The speeches, in
formal lrv character, were none the less
entertaining. Those who attended were:
J. C. 'Stubhs. Sunset Route: Joseph O'Brien,
Chicago and Northwestern Railway; "W. C.
Donnelly, Santa Fe Railroad; R. Graham,
Denver and Rio Grande Ralrroad; John A.
Gill. Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Rail
way; K.I Torpey". Central Pacific Railroad;
Peter Harvey, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad;
R/ II. PrentiFB, California Pacific Railroad;
Harry Ketdham. St. Louis and San Francisco'
Railway; W. R. Alberger. Atchlson. Topeka
and Santa Fe Railway: Charles Berry, South
ern Pacific Company; H. W. Adams, Chicago,
Hock Island and Pacific Railway; E. R. Gar
rison, Baltimore and Ohio Southwestern "Rail
way; N. \V. Hall. Santa Fe Rotate; W. O.
Johnson, Grand Trunk Railway; C. K. Jun-
Itins, Rio Grande Western. Railway; W. R.
Knelss, Chicago. Milwaukee and St. Paul Rail
way; C. S... Luce. Sunset. Route: John Mc-
Ewlng. Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany; L. <E. Stanton, Chicago, Milwaukee and
St. Paul Railway; Con Roman, Southern Pa
cific Company; W. B. Turner, Canadian Pa
cific Railway; Joseph D. McGlll. Erie Railroad;
D. F. Ward. Northern Pacific Railway; Rich
ard Wilde. Union Pacific . Railroad, and Mr.
Bacon, Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
FREIGHT MEN AT THEIR
REGULAR ANNUAL BANQUET
The Tampa (Fla.) Tribune advertises
for "three good cylinder pressfeeders,"
but gives fair warning that "no cigarette
smokers or loafers need apply."
Mrs. Allen, who Is not a doctor, al
though advertising herself as such, has
been charged with murder.
tlon performed by a Mrs. Dr. Mary Allen,
otherwise known -as Mrs. Lapp.-said.ope
ration having been performed in the
rooms occupied by the said Mrs. Dr. Mary
Allen, located at 1035 Market street, city:
and county of San Francisco." ¦ •'-•-. ¦
A new placer fleld'.ls reported -to have
been discovered forty miles east of Rands
burg. O. B. Phelps has brought In the re
port and. says that there is a rush from
Randsburg and Johannesburg.
The new diggings north of Barstow.San
Bernardino County, are reported to be
rich. Two hundred men' are there and.
more are going. The nearest, water Is
eight miles away.
The McCloud River Power Company has
been Incorporated with capitalization "of
$1,500,000. The company will deliver power,
so the Redding Free Press says, by No
vember 1, and one of the first resultant
enterprises will, be an electric railway line
from Redding to Copper City, via Kes
wlck and Kennett. , . . ." •
The Yankee mine at Benton Mills, Mari
posa County! will be developed at an esti
mated cost of $50,000.
claim on the Klamath. In SIsklyou
County, at the Qulgley ranch, above Oak
Bar. and has leased twenty acres.
The Work and Pay gravel mine, a few
miles east of Nevada City, owned by Cal
vert & Sharpe. has been bonded to a com
pany for $25,000. It Is near the western
side of Banner Mountain.
A smelter will be erected at Salt Lake
City to cost $1,000,000.
The Searles borax works In Inyo County
¦have been shut down and the Chinese
workmen have been sent away.
• Moneyed men In Los Angeles have been
Investing In copper properties In the Dra
goon Mountains In Arizona. The Coppt-r
'liulllon Company has been Incorporated
at Ix>s Angeles, capitalized at Jl.000.000,
•under the laws of Arizona.
1 The deepest mine in Arizona is the
Congress, which is now down 2525 feet. It
has three hoists and a forty-stamp mill.
For two years the company has been ope
rating a cyanide plant, which has: capa
'clty for 100' tons of tailings per day. . The
•company operates a standard gauge rail
way from the min/fs to Congress Junction,
and has 400 men on the pay roll.-'
• A larjre strike of water has been made
In the Rand district, at Mountain Wells,
belonging to the Yellow Aster Mlntng
Company. The company has made con
nection with the pipes of the local water
'company and is furnishing the latter 40.000
'gallons of water a day. This gives the
• Randsburg camp more water than It ever
;had before, and, as a result, all the stamp
mills in the district are again, running
night and day. ¦ - \
The copper smelter at Madera is run
ning steadily. The company will soon be
prepared to work sulphuretj ores of sold
and silver and concentrates.,
The candidates fasted throughout the
ceremony, as did the ponies on wnich were
tied the" presents for the new members.
The band owns about fifty otter skins.
t- 1 ::.•:: of which are said to be 4OJ years old.
Most of the skins came from the Lake
Michigan country. The Ozaukies believe
that when a candidate passes ?nto a
trarce after being touched with an otter
fk::: he sees aJl of his relatives and other
members of his tribe in the happy hunt-
Ing grounds. One of the candidates, a
high school graduate, danced naked In
the rain for a half day. Forty-two dogs
were served at the feast that followed
after the Initiation. After the feast the
Indians purified thempelvc-s of bodily and
Epiritua] evil? in sweathouses, where cedar
¦was burned. They. then dispersed to their
various homes.
SOUTH McALESTER. I. T. June 2.—
The Otter band of the Ozaukie Indians
initiated two now members last week. The
ceremonies took place on the Wapeekahon
eilotm^m. about 100 miles north of here,
mid continued three days and nights.
T\ro Dogs Ssrved at the Feast.
Ep«-ial Disr-atch tq The Call.
T-wo Candidates Initiated and Torty-
CEREMONY OF OZATJKIES.
The Southwest Miners' Association has
elected the following officers: President
Thomas Ewlng; vice presidents— J. Irving
Crowcll and C. \V. Conway; secretary,
George U. Nolan. John II. Hill ofPres
cott. Ariz., will be added to the delega
tion to represent the association" at the I
Mining Congress In Milwaukee. ,
The old Union 12111 'mine in Grass Vallfy
has been pumped out. It has been shtu
down some years because of the water.
Improved pumping machinery has made
• t possible to resume.
The stockholders of the St. John qulck-
Bilver mine near Vallejo recently held an
annual meeting at which Superintendent
Tregidge reported that the tunnel, which;
had caved in for a distance of 1120 feet, i
had been cleaned out and practically re- ;
timbered. :
J. O. Hopper of Tuolumne County Is go
ins to lUmdon to get money -to work the
Soulsby mine near Soulsbyville.r ;
The old Spear mine at Central Hill, i
Tuolmnn** County, better known as the ¦
Uoyd mfne. has recently been bonded • to j
Oon Palmer, who formerly ' worked the |
Ch!H mine. . . ¦ " J
. A Chinese company Is operatJnc: a river
A site for the sub-station of the.Truclcee 1
River General Electric Company on the !
Comstock lode has been selected. It will
l;e in Virginia City, on a lot bounded by
K and L. streets and Union and Sutton '
avenues. The ¦ electrical current, will be 1
brought to this sub-station over two clr
cults of three wires, each under a con- ;
stant potential of 23,000 volts, and before j
delivery to the mines will be transformed
by means of six transformers to -a con
stant potential of 2240 volts. Distributing
circuits will be erected from the sub-sta- I
tlon to the switchboards in each of the >
hoisting works, the main arteries consist- i
Jng of three lines to the hoisting works.
The line to the south will take care of all i
consumers in Gold Hill and Silver City, j
Five thousand horsepower can be easily
developed when necessary- by. Increasing '
the pressure to <0,000 volts, and the wire
will carry that amount.
The dredger at Hawkinsville, in Siskl
you County, on Yreka Creek, is nearly
ready to start. — JllimfBiM' ill Hi'ihTii i Fiji raw «t
The greatest smelter in the world will i
be at the Anaconda Copper Mining Com- I
pany's plant, a few miles east of Ana- '
conda. Mont. It will have facilities for
trc-atlng 5000 tons of ore per diem.
The annual meeting cf the Miners' As
sociation of Tuolumne County was held
last week. President W. H. McClintock
outlined the progress made by the Cali
fornia Miners' Association during- the j
past year. S. A. Gllchrist resigned the i
position of secretary. The officers elected
were: \V. H. McClintock. president; Wil
liam H. Sherwood, vice president: Fred
Sutton, secretary; James McCormick,
treasurer. Changes in the by-laws were I
made limiting the number of vice presi- j
dents to one instead of nine, the former
number, and also providing compensation
for the secretary. The president will ap- !
poi-t the executive committee.*
The various barriers have been de
scribed heretofore. The settling basin as
designed Is capable of holding about 14,
000,000 cubic yards of tine sediment, and by
extending it farther to the westward can
be enlarged to a capacity of at least 50,-
OuO.OUO cubic yards additional.
The commission in recommending 1 the
project pays a tribute to Mr. Vlscher.
wiiose "labor, thousht and skill In work
ing up a project of such unusual character
and scope merit our highest appreciation
and are worthy of every commendation."
Attorney tJeneral Tirry I*. Ford reiter
ates that this is understood fully and
fuliy approve by the miners.
"It will be several years." he said In
an Interview, "before it will be definitely
known how much of a success the works
(.n tht YuLa River will be. The llrst ef
fect will be to determine whether they
are capable of storing the debris now in
the Yuba and Its tributaries. If they are
not a success, then, of course, hydrau
liekir.g will not be resumed there and
will not be resumed at all until the suc
cess or failure of the experiment which
promises so well has been demonstrated.
The first benefits come to the farmers.
The California Miners" Association has
expended $1000 to assist in this matter.
That is an indication of our faith in the
success of the plan. If failure is the re
sult, about Jl.00u.000 of the people's money
will have been lost, but -»ve do not believe
that there will be a failure. The capacity
of the expansion of the proposed settling
basin to hold the lighter material Is prac
tically unlimited."
The Importance of the subject and the
discussion going on warrant a repetition
of some of the principal points contained
in the reports of the California Debris
*'omml?siun. The primary object is to
store the mining debris within the bed of
the Yuba River by a system of works de
signed to separate the coarse material
from the fine; and the secondary is to
control the low water channel within nar
rower and well-defined limits, in order to
preserve in place the existing deposits in
the river below. The general scheme Is to
erect several barriers across the river, the
upper ones *to be located about three
miles east of the mouth of Dry Creek,
known as Barriers 1 and 2, respectively;
another to be situated Just below the
mouth of Dry Creek, to be known as the
flood overflow barrier: another to be
placed at Daguerre Point; also to form a
settling basin about three miles In length
and half a mile in width on the south side
of the river, this to consist of a levee pro
tected against wash, to be built In the
bed of the river, with its upper and lower
ends connecting with the existing levee
and higher on the south bank, these end
walls to -have inlet and outlet weirs and
conduits to regulate the inflow and out
flow of river water and tk cause the liner
material carried In suspension to be de
posited and held in the settling basin,
through which at all times, except ex
treme flood stages, the river will be com
pelled to flow, and below this basin to
confine the river channel within well de
fined lines by necessary training works.
»ur*i*»#wt vmttansion to warrant an at
trmji at «u<rtnK therein tin* tailings from
the ttjdTHUlIr tn!n«*s ulthout compelling
earn mlrir to lmj«oun«l any or all of its
debris. Th*> fotntniaftioii twlieven the pro
ject |>ract«<"a!'l«- nnd w.>rth> of adoption,
and m> r»H-t>mm«-nils. It In the only one
thus (ar e%-olvrd which elves reasonable
hope of fucrrt* and at u very moderate
copt for storage."
"The result of this storage of the de
bris now in the Yuba Klver and Its tribu
taries"' (which Is far in excess of that in
all the other tributaries of tlve Sacra
mento River) "cannot be otherwise than
beneficial to the navigation and commer
cial interests of the Sacramento and
Feather river*. Especial attention Is in
vited to tho fact that the object sought
to !*• accomplished is the storage of the
debris now in tho Vul a and Us tributa
ries mlth a \ie-.v to the Improvement of
the river* follow and decidedly not with
.1 view of iHrmittlnB unlicensed or lndis
«rin»!na?«- hydraulic mining at localities
ftian-v tlM i:nj».un«l:»:K work*.
"U7* a »!?#• • «>rK» have b«'»>n completed
nml -t *if* ration novrral y< ars there will
l»t> »v\ ittU u|>)xirtunlt>* to determine
trfeetaWk** n<«t lh " •JTMMB Is capable of
Advance sheets h.ivo just been received
in this city of the report of the California
Debris Commission on the subject of im
pounding mining debris In the Yuba
Uiver. The advance proofs are in the
hands of the commission to be read and
returned to Washington with such correc
tions as may be necessary. These will be
few. Therefore It will not be many
months before printed copies of the report
will be sent out. In the interim since the
publication of much of the report in The
Call some misunderstanding seems to
have arisen in certain quarters concern
ing the Immediate effect that the pro
posed darns and settling basins will have
upon hydraulic mining in the water shed
of the Yuba. There are some who assert
that hydrauMcking will be resumed on a
large scale at an early date and the mur
mur of discontent is already heard. The
fact is that all this is based upon misap
prehension. The language of the report
is sufficiently explicit on that score. It
.*ays:
Era of Eydraulic Mining on an Ex
tensive Scale Not Near at Hand.
Discovery of New Placers
Reported.
Advance Proofs of the Debris
Commission's Report
Received.
NEW LIGHT UPON
PROJECTED WORK
ON YUBA RIVER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. SAN RAFAEL. June 2.— Onnpres's will
eoon be aektd to Indemnify seme of the
old Spanish residents for Josses of Jiorses
and cattle sustained by them during the
Mexican war. The presentation of thf
claims will brirg to light some of the
early history of the State, of which few
people nave any knowledge.
The bulk of the claims will bo for horses
and cattle taken for the use of the United
States forces under Oeneral Fremont dur
ing and shortly after the conquest of this
State. The principal claimants in this
county will be Stephen Richardson, son of
Captain Kichardson. who cwr.ed the Sau
salito rnncho; the heirs of Juan J. Heed
of the R«ed rancho, tlie heirs of Greporia
Brlones, Bolinas rancho; the children of
Raphael Garcia of the Rancho del Punta
Reyes, the heirs of Domingo Sais' and
Tlmoteo Murphy and the children of Ig
raclo l'£checo of the Pachcco rancho.
From all .of. these ranches Fremont
made levies of saddle horses and beef cat
tle. The Spaniards had thousands of
head on the rar.j»«-r. ami the work of col
lecting the be:«t- was comparatively easy.
The nrroy officials employed a man" named
William Smith, an early resident of the
State, as a guide to the ranches where the
bes: horses rr.iffht be found, and accord
ing :o the old Spaniards now living he did
his wcrk thoroughly.
The Richardson. ranch lost- about ninety
of its best horses, and tin? pric? paid »¦»»
nothing. Brionos. Saip and need all con
tributed their share of livestock. Ignarto
Pach^co lost over a hundred eadille
horses.
An earnest effort is now brine mad* to
collect proof to back these claim?. The
matter will be brought before ?"oner*-**,
where the descendants of th« earlv n»n< h- 
ers will seek Justice. Much truutile trill
be experienced In getting the proof. a» th*>
native Cnlifornlan abhorr<*d l>ookk«*»pin£
and in most of the business transactiotui
of life was satisfied with th* accuracy of
fcis memory.*
Stephen Richardson, the o'<Vst native
eon in the State, says that when a yotirg
man on his father's rancho at Fausaltto
he assisted in killlt.g . hundr«-ds vt
head cf cattle for the naval vessels that
¦would anchor off the town, and that the
r.avy always paid cash for poods r<->-.-ivi-.l.
Mr.Rirl'.ardson could not say a? much for
the army, or at least the portion repre
sented >n the levying in this county, ilost
of the knowledge of the transactions lms
been handed down to the present rtpr«
pentatives of the old families by their
fathers. Some will undoubtedly prove
their claims, and after fifty years the
Government will be called upon to right
a wrong that was nearly forgotten.
It is safe to say that if the old Span
Inrds had all of their ranches and cattlt
the debt would be forgotten and consid
ered paid, but most of their princely do
mains have melted away, and while a few
are well oft and light-hearted as in the old
days, many feel the heavy hand of mis
fortune.
Stock "Was Taken to Supply the Army
of General Fremont and It Is
Said No Payment Was
Ever Itlade.
ARE REVIVING
HALF FORGOTTEN
WAR CLAIMS
Marin Residents Seek Pay
ment for Cattle Seized
Fifty Years Ago.
THE SAN FRAyciSCO GALL, SUNDAY, JUXE 3, 1900.
32
The : :New Slioe j
I for Women. 1
|3 'Sorosis is now ihe standard wo-
I man's shoe of the world, ft ha3 ro-
I cently, been ; introduced in London,
I where.it has duplicated its enormous
I success in New York. Chicago.' Phi/a-
I delphia. -Boston and , other 'leading |
I American cities. Count/ess ' imita- g
i tions'have sprung up, and it is now |
£ quite the fad to offer shoes t'just as \
H good''as'"Soro3/'s." ¦
m \ But' thereis' only "Sorosis,"
|| and we are ihe only agents for it in j
if S F. -All "Sorosis" shoes have this <
B3 trademark. None others ore genuine. \,
$ . FORTY STYLES f* g
g Widths AAA to EE. sizes' 2 to 9 ; at 1
El the uniform price of , fa
1 -to^Rn- I
| 5O THIKDvSTREET, |
H . SAN: FRANCISCO. ||
H Second thos Stor'i from Mtrkst, Eg
j| CA TALOG HEADY. . |j
B BBHBHUHHHBHaHHHBHHHBUBHHUUU;
B
I ...GRE:/vr...
¦-; ¦
I v
H — - /
I WE WILL OFFER FOR THIS WEEK:
i Tailnr-Marlo Quito AT lower prices
a IdllUI IfldUp OlIlIS THAN EVER BEFORE
I They are ihis season's and the very latest
§ style., Particular attention is called to the
a fit and finish' of our garments, NO MATTER
g . HOW THE PRICE.
5 $& KH— Black Navy, Garnet, Cheviot Tailor Suits,
a aDti [vPu lined throughout, very latest Eton and box
a jacket, newest style skirt, real value $7^0, at $4^0.
g 00 Cll — All- Wool Cheviot Tailor Suits, navy blue
h uUiJU only, Eton effects, jacket handsomely
ia appliqued, latest style skirt, real value $12.^0,
¦ at£8 ? o.
I OjC:'nft— High-Grade Tailor-Made Suits, in tan,
ej OluiUU grav and invisible checks, Eton or box-
I effects, jacket lined with extra quality taffeta silk,
I skirt the, newest, lined with mercerized Italian
£3 cloth; superior finish, regular price $2'?, at $i£.
§ OQ-Cn— Stylish Covert Cloth Jacket?, well made
g dOiUU and perfect fitting, velvet collar, splendid
¦ value at $5.00, reduced to $3.50.
HI — « _ _
EeJ * ¦ ¦ * . ' , • • • .
a 1230-1232-1234 Market Street.
"the store mother likes."
" whole families trade here. "
0^^ !
.... ...
milkcans, 2-quart size ...25c 3-quart milkpan 10c
preserve kettles, .s-quart size •,?••'•. 29c 10-quart milkpan 25c
preserve kettles, 10-quart size.. .' 39c 2-quart coffee and tea pots '. 33c
dishpans. 10-quart size 39c coffee flasks 19c
lipped saucepan. 4-quart size. ..; 23c no. 4 frypan 29c
wash-basins, as per illustration 12c , 3-quart teapot 45c
chamber pails 49c 2-burner crescent gasoline stove, stationary tank, fully guar-
cuspidores i 7c anteed '. $^.87
te3 kettles, no. 7. .....: .......:......:.::..:.. -..-.. 501- -garden hose, 3-ply, 54-inch 7c foot
straight side covered, saucepans, 8-qt. size; as illustration.soc lawn mower, 10, 12, 14 or 16 inch size, warranted in every
berlin covered saucepan, as illustration, 2j4-quart size.. ..37c . . way $ 2 q8
rice boilers, double .2-.qu.art size. ..."...... .69c monarch oven, the best oven made .$2 87
soap dishes, with drainer ¦. .;. ¦-. ; -.-.^ V ::: ~: 10c tin top jelly tumblers. c doz
the
six
o'clock
store S
the
six
o'clock
store
first C£vial±ty ©ia«,:m.©lT*™a,:r©
• this is to be the greatest yet of Hale's great enamclvvare sales, an immense quantity of first quality enamehvare; every
piece on sale guaranteed to be perfect; enamehvare absolutely free from lead, arsenic or other injurious ingredients,
and which, unlike that usually 'offered in department stores, is not seconds, it's Hale's way to buy only good goods,
at this sale prices prevail 15 to 20 per cent under the regular ones.
t<5 keep to the pace indicated by the
two special offerings named above we
put on sale monday, until sold, 40 chic
silk waists, made from fine taffeta silk,
in the latest designs; new French back;
some corded and others beautifully
tucked; all sizes; black and an elegant
range of colors; worth up to $7.50; spe-
cial sale price I
going through the entire stock for
special values we have selected 24
ladies' medium weight jackets, made in
the latest style, box or fly front, from
broadcloth, Venetian cloth or mixtures
in both light and dark colors, many
are lined with satin, others with silk
serge; jackets actually worth up to
$8.00, and a proper range of sizes, all go
for .$4.2.5
silk waists for ladies
jackets for ladies
made from fine quality Venetian, home-
spun,' cheviot and broadcloth; some
plain, amT others trimmed- with taffeta
silk or. braid; fly fronts, box fronts and
eton jackets, mostly silk lined, some
lined with silk serge. the ' skirts are
lined with fine quality percaline and
have inverted or box-pleated back.
a large percentage of the suits up to
this time have been marked $20.00, and
there is not. one in the entire lot worth
less than $15.00.
being sold under the cost of manufac-
ture. ¦ we shall wherever necessary to
make changes to effect a perfect" fit
charge $1.00 for alterations. . .
while they last, your choice for.$io.oo
suits for ladies
60 stylish" man-tailored ladies' suits,
lace curtains
it's quite apparent from the fol-
lowing that the lace curtain depart-
ment is very much in thj race to ex-
cel in value giving:
600 pairs nottlngham lace curtains.
3Vi yards long by 45 Inches wide, nar-
row and medium width borders with
neat centers; a good line for dining
and bedroom purposes; per pair
$1 and SI 10
120 pairs bay-window curtains In
ecru and white. 3^ yards long by 53
Inches wide, three good patterns, and
made from specially prepared
thread, strong and lacy, per pair $160
84 pairs novelty net curtains, 3%
yards long by 50 Inches wide, nine
patterns to choose from, some very
pleasing effects, come In and look
them over, per pair S3 00
200 curtain poles. 5 feet long. In ma-
hogany, oak and walnut, with neat
brass trimming, all complete, each.:3c
with drawh -work and embroid-
ered edges, are desirable goods,
marked to sell at about one-third
less than their regular price, for
instance, we shall change prices
as follows:
83c will be 6Pc.
75c " ** '....EOc • ; .
25c " " 15c to 13c "¦¦
20c " " 12c to 15c
napkins .'....$3 25 dozen
72-inch damask _..$1 23 yard
napkins $J 00 dozen
imported corded madras, 27 Inches
wide, stripes and plaid patterns, lav-
ender, blue, pink, red, green and
black; regular price 23c; now. .25c yd
sheets, ."Hale's double •warp"
bleached, an extra heavy sheeting,
made with 2-inch hem; a sheet for
hotels. lodging-houses and all look-
ing for superior wearing qualities.
size 54x90 Inches «".... -..«47%c each
size 63x90 inches. .uT' 2 t; each
size 72x90 Inches 57^c each
size 81x90 inches 62^c each
size WxW inches 67^c each
linen dollies and center pices— a
very special sale.
household linens
It needs an expert to buy linens— If
you are not such make your pur-
chases where there is one and where
you can thoroughly depend upon the
reliability of the house.
¦ 23 pieces table damask, bleached,
all pure linen. Imported direct from
the manufacturer; a beautiful satin
damask; 3-4 size .napkins to match.
63-Inch damask. 73c yard
napkins 52 25 dozen
72-inch damask.. $1 00 yard
reliable chervlot — but one lot, but
that a truly good one In Intrinsic
value; our 50-lnch 83c grades, in dark
gray, brown and blue. for.... 45c yard
all wool cheviot— In this excellent
material for outing -wear -we show
two distinct lines of 36-inch all-wool
cheviot, in checks and plain colors,
at a price that makes them an un-
heard of value 35c yard
fancy covert suiting— here's a bar-
gain one cannot afford to overlook—
an actual genuine ST>c fancy covert
suiting, in barre stripes, in the de-
sirable sSrndes of bltie. brown, green
and tan. for 45c yard
zibeline plaids— we certainly mean
this sale shall clearly Indicate Hale's
lead in value giving when we offer
all our light colors in the dollar qual-
ity zibeline, 41 Inches wide, for
33c yard
black mohair stripe — every one with
experience in black goods recognizes
the sterling worth ttf'that best Eng-
lish make— Priestly's: It is of thl3
brand that we offer four styles in
narrow neat strip«s. especially suita-
ble for separate skirts. 42 inches
wide, at 73c yard
black crepon— being fully alive to
the popularity of small designs for
skirta. we place on sale 3 pieces 37-
Inch wide goods of the 50c grade for
.-. 23c yard
9 pieces 4i) inches wide of the 83c
grade for 59c yard
in that famous
dress section
our furnishing department has been
so well able by reason of its up-to-
dateness and superior values to take
care of itself in the way of increased
sales that it has just occurred to us
that it has been slighted in the ad-
vertising, even now we are only go-
ing to mention three things, which
will, however, give a pood idea of the
Hale strength in this line.
men's and boys' negligee shirts in
light shades of flannelette, all sizes,
from 12'/4 to I6V2 25c
men's silk front negligee shirts,
ma.de with white bodies, to be worn
with white collars and cuffs, neat
colorings In checks and stripes.... 45c
new arrivals in men's half hose, the
latest in stripes, polka dots, horse-
jhoes, in black, blue and red grounds
, 25c pal r
furnishings
knit underwear— ladies' ribbed
French gauze vests, shaped at waist,
low round yoke, open front, ribbon
hows. 6mall ribbed arm, chemise ef-
fect all handsomely finished with
silk shell edge, pearl buttons, silk
stitched seam?, vests also high neck,
long or short sleeves, pants come
ankle or knee length with French
yoke bands, color white, very elastic,
a comfortable garment for stout peo-
ple, &0c garment, $1 00 suit.
. children's aprons— two styles, white
lawn or checked nainsook, round
voke, front trimmed with embroid-
ery, wide ruffles over shoulder, edged
with narrow lace, sizes 6 to 12 years,
special 29c each
muslin underwear— ladles* umbrel-
la drawers, made of line muslin.' 7-
Inch cambric rutlle, 2\£-inch hem, row
of lace Insertion above, width at bot-
tom 19 Inches, regular value 50c pair,
special 3Sc pair
cresco rorsets — cannot break at the
waist line; they are disconnected in
front and have elastic gores at sides;
this flexible feature insures comfort,
retention of shape and exceptional
wear; long, short or medium length,
black or drab $100
ladles' Filkine hose, something new
In hosiery, combining the strength
.ind durability of lisle thread with the
poftnrss ol Fllk, intended for flno
wear, not easily detected from
'ilk. medium weight, extra long, very
clastic, dor.ble heels, soles and toes,
35c jiair, three pairs for $1.
60 dozen ladles' Imported black cot-
ton hose, full fashioned feet, full
length and width, light weight for
#ummcr wear, very elastic, sizes 8%
to 10, special S l-3c pair fl dozen
120 dozen children's "iron thread
hose," seamless, fast black, heavy
weight, hard-twisted elastic cotton,
emootli finish, extra double knees,
Fizes 0V6 to 10, worth 15c a pair, spe-
cial : 12%c pair
when Hale's offer hosiery and un-
derwear specials no comment is ever
necessary— all clever shoppers know
they should attend, these are .very
conservative statements.
sorcie of these will sell out quickly.
Is safer to come as early as' possible.
hosiery and
underwear
black swiss taffeta, in the soft fin-
ish that insures good wear; this ele-
gant fabric, especially desirable for
genteel waists, 1 is offered this week
it 75c yard
white and colored taffeta, a clean
sweep of clean poods; all of our 75c
hemstitched colored taffeta silks, in
plain and fancy colors, including
white and cream, at :...59c yaro
mercerized skirting- moreen, a
errand collection of popular shades in
silk-finished mercerized skirting,
noreen of best English make; were
Imported to sell at 50c yard, but go in
to-morrow's sale at 35c
fancy satin stripe silk, in this sea-
son's new corded effect, make beau-
tiful fancy waists; heretofore sold at
fl.DO yard; on sale to-morrow at.. 75c
fancy corded silk, a fancy perslan
stripe on a heavy black corded
ground, especially suitable for swell
waists, or trimming, full 19 inches
wide. and. regular $1.00 quality; goes
on sale to-morrow at " 75c
it will pay to anticipate your silk
wants. ¦ ¦-
in the popular
silk section
trie" time "to leave our present quarters, wherein we have achieved the greatest and demonstrated the su-
periority of the Hale method of merchandizing, is drawing near— and we want rto make the closing weeks record-
breaking ones. We want to set the pace for oar new, strictly modern store, with its splendid light, ample room and
superior facilities. -To do this we have every department manager upon his mettle— every buyer endeavoring to be in
.the lead with bargains; the result is that this week. we offer throughout the entire store such money-saving values as
the following: • ¦ " > • . ~
one of those special sales that has made Hale's famous
we move to ourne>wstor» about
September 1. present premises
to rent for occupancy after that
date, apply to G. H. Umbsen & Co.
ihe millinery sale of last week
was such a crowning success
that it is proposed to continue it
during this week.
Hale'B.
Hole's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
, •
> .
~~THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stories Higb
hSSM
Bamboo, Morris Easy Chair.
Ssat and back of double woven,
springy bamboo. Broad, roomy
seat anJ high back, adjustible
to any position. Light enough
to take any p!a*e and strong
enough for any use. A veran-
dah favorite, a home comfort
$2.75
Summer Comfort in pretty Wil-
Iw Rockers, Chairs and Settees;
for 'little folks and big. Rockers
from 5z to $15.
Folding O.rd Table, 24X24 Inch
oak top. Portable sewing table, out-
door lunch and for camping. $1.25.
Drapery D;partment — A large,
new line of Tapestry Table Covers.
New designs, rich colors. Finished
on both sides — a line to delight the
psrticular housekeeper; deep;fringed
6-4 as low as $1.50.
CARPET DEPARTMENT]
Fur Rugs — Long, Black Silky Fur.
Strong, well-tanned skin, A Fur
Rug sets a room off. Black har-
monizes with any furnishing. 28X
63; were $3; J1.50.
Free Delivery, Oakland. AUrafJi, Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
flncorporatei)
233 to 237 Post St. Open Evenings