The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JUNE it, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 12.
Situation Grows Worse Hourly aM 'Demonstra
tions Against All Foreigners Have Spread From
the Neightiorliood of Peking to the Capital Itself,
Where There Is Great Alarm.
CHRISTIANS FLEE FROM THE
WRATH OF THE CHINESE RABBLE
"It means that the Empress Dowager
has finally thrown off tho mask and has
resolved to stake everything on her antt
forelgn policy. Prince Tuan is a creature
of the Empress, who Is known to be ona
cf the chief patrons of the Boxers and a
representative cf the most reactionary
party In China. That she is a determined
and headstrong woman Is not to be-dis
puted. She has so far enjoyed Immunity,
which has -encouraged those qualities,
and, combined with her ignorance cf tho
forces she Is defying and with the malign
influence -of her entourage of eunuchs and
parasites, as ¦we'll as placehunters. her
willfulness has induced her to offer
direct' challenge to the foreign powers.
The challenge Is one which they cannot
decline to take up If they must act, and
they mtrst act together, as. Indeed they
are doing. If the Empress is to have her
way, the position of no foreign power in
China will be vrorth a'month's purchase,
and Western civilization w!!l disappear
from the country altogether."
Prince Tuan. a powerful supporter of tho
Boxer brotherhood."
The Times, commenting upon the reor
ganization of the Tsi:n?:-tl Yamen, consid
ers ita significance unmistakable and says:
"The conquest and division of China
would be possible with 100,000 troops, but
to retain the government would require
1.000,000 soldiers and centuries of work.
The task would end with the most un
happy results for both conquered and con*
queror. His Majesty and his advisers beg
America and Japan to pause before re
sorting to dismemberment, which can be
deferred at least until the Emperor's ef
forts to govern his people and restore the
happiness of this great division of the
human race have proved abortive. If the
people are assured that the powera are
guiding and protecting his Majesty and do
not intend to swallow the country piece
meal they and their soldiers, will return
unquestionably to the allegiance from
which the Empres3 diverted .them."
empire they have before them the huge
task of facing millions who, although
lacking in training and who make but
contemptible soldiers, possess boundless,
powers of passive resistance and wouid
be able to wear out the patience of
European rulers seeking to govern then,
without regard to their prejudices.' " .
"Changes have been made in the Tsung-
U'Yamen.- One-Chinese has .been retired
and four Manchus, rigidly conservative,
have been appointed. ' Prince Ching, the
only- member with ¦ 3.' L knowledge of for
eign affairs, has b^en superseded by
LONDON, June 12.— The Peking corre
spondent of the Times, telegraphing yes
terday, says: .
DEFIANCE OF THE
DOWAGER EMPRESS
LONDON. June 11.— There were several
deaths from heat In the United Kingdom
to-day and a. number of prostrations.
Two - deaths occurred at the Alderahot
maneuvers.
Heat Fatal in England.
ADELAIDE." South Australia. June 11—
A total of twenty-three deaths from the
bubonic plague is officially reported from
Rockhampton. Queensland. Two fresh
cases are reported here, one of which
has proved fatal.
Plague in Queensland.
FIRMNESS OF AMERICANS
PREVENTED FURTHER DELAY
TIENTSIN, Sunday. June 10.— It is
learned that but for the firmness of the
United States Consul and Captain Mc-
Calla of the Newark, in charge of the
American lending party, and the British
Consul there would have been further de
lay in dispatching the international guards
to Peking. At a meeting of the Consuls
and commanders of troops last evening,
when the necessity of the Immediate dis
patch of troops was considered.'the repre
sentatives of two European powers ques
tioned the necessity andOifterward dis
paraged the idea that the British force
should preponderate. The Anglo-Ameri
cans, however, insisted and carried their
point. The Americans generally deplore
the smallness of the United States forces
here. At the same time they are ready to
defer to whatever may be considered best
at Washington.
MURDER OF A CHINESE
GENERAL NEAR TING FU
VICTORIA. B. C. June Jl.— The steamer
Queen Adelaide, fro?»i the Orient, .brings
a story that six weeks ago Japnn and
Russia were close to war over the landing
of a Japanese trader, whose removal was
re-quested by Russia at Masampo. .War
was said to have been averted by the re
fusal of Great Brltalnto act with Japan.
Advices from Shanghai tell of the mur
der of the Chinese General -Yang Loh
while parleying with the Boxers' near Ting
Fu. He was cut down from behind. -
the great powers, in order that a demon
stration may be made or a battle fought
under the flags of all Europe. Japan and
the United States have been Informed and
agree to the .arrangement.
TRAINS COMMANDEERED
FOR FOREIGN TROOPS
the coup d'etat in 1S9S, sends, with the
special sanction of the Emperor and his
party, including three viceroys, a mes
sage to the people of the West. It is .'n
part as follows:
'".'His •' Majesty, is convinced, through
amply trustworthy sources, that the loyal
support of many scores of millions of tho
Chinese will be accorded to his proposals
i.for putting an end to the state of anarchy
brought about by the action of the Em
press Hsi Tsi. The Government of China
being virtually non-existent the Emperor
proposes that the foreign powers whose
troops dominate the capital shall remove
his imperial person from the palace in
which his Majesty is confined a prisoner,
shall declare Empress Hsi Tsl and her
present ministers to be usurpers and shall
bring Emperor Kwanp Hsu to Nanking,
Wu Chang or Shanghai, whichever the
said foreign powers deem to be the most,
suitable situation for the capital of the
Chinese empire under the new conditions.
It is proposed by his Majesty and his
advisers that the foreign powers shouM
declare a joint protectorate and under
take the task of. governing the country
through his Majesty.' •
"The message suggests that the pro
tectorate should' abolish certain boards in
Peking; appoint new Ministers; abolish^
the existing ¦ so-called .armies: | establish
gendarmerie under foreign officers; taki
control of the customs, posts and tele
graphs and work them through Chinese
officials; establish a uniform currency:
readjust taxation and insure the freedom
of religion. Weng .Tung Ho,. who predicts
TIENTSIN, June 11.— The captain of the
British; defenses here commandeered a
third special train yesterday and a fourth
to-day for the transport of 213 Russians
and.^two guns and 62 French marines,
v/ith stores and one gun for the British.
The international forces are near Lang
fong, forty miles from Peking, but it is.
doubtful if they reach the capital before
to-morrow.
TIENTSIN, June 11.— An American offi
cer, who has just arrived from the front
for provisions, reports that the forces are
repairing the between Lofa and
Langfong. He caught a Boxer last even
ing who was attempting to set fire to a
bridge and he saw several corpses, evi
dently the bodies of men killed by troops
of General Nieh.
The fifth train left at 5 p. m. to-day
with provisions. • Great anxiety is felt
here respecting- the fate of the foreign
ers In Peking. I
HOW THE EMPEROR
WOULD OUTWIT EMPRESS
a peaceful acceptance of such a regime.,
goes onto say:
.•'•China is ripe for the change of tide
which the reactionaries "vainly seek to
stem. If It should be. on the other han-1,
that the foreign powers seriously contem
plate the dismemberment of the Chinese
LONDON, June 12.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Dally Express, tele
graphing yesterday, says:
"Weng Tung ,Ko. Emperor Kwang
Hsu's tutor and confidant, who was dis
missed by the Dowager Empress after
has been planned, under the leadership of
England and Russia, in which all the
great powers and several of the smaller
will take part. The latter are not called
upon to send troops, as there are enough
on the spot, but they are to be asked to
delegate the right to hoist their. flags with
TelegTaph, in a. dispatch, dated yesterday
at 1:40 p. m., says:
"Reports from the Un-Han-Fu district
say that the French Minister has tele
graphed that a crisis is imminent and that
he is advising all- foreigners to evacuate
Yunnan."
AH the telegrams Indicate :hat the sit
uation has not in the teast improved. On
the contrary the disorders have spread
from the neighborhood of Peking to the
capital itself; which Is growing turbulent
In anti-foreign demonstrations. In addi
tion to the burning of the Peking Club,
the secretary of the Belgian Legation hS^s
been roughly handled in the streets. Hos
tile crowds continue to demonstrate
against the legations. Two thousand in
ternational troops are approaching the
city am* the advance guard Is due to ar
rive to-day (Tuesday).
The United States, according to dis
patches from Copenhagen, has given
"hearty adhesion", to the scheme for a
European demonstration. The Russian
Minister at Peking, who also acts as the
envoy of Denmark," is credited with hav
ing sent a dispatch to the Danish Foreign
Office to the effect that a demonstration
that Peking, especially the Tartar' City,
is safe.
"At Tientsin the Viceroy finally con
sented to furnish transport for a relief
force of 400 under an American command
er. The partial restoration of the railway
Is expected to be effected by to-morrow.
More massacres of Christians are re
ported.
"Shanghai, under to-day's date, reports
that there has been street fighting ¦ in
Peking since early Sunday afternoon. The
Russians are making large purchases of
canned provisions at Shanghai and every
thing points to an outbreak of hostilities.
All British missionaries will probably be
ordered to return quickly to treaty ports."
The Shanghai correspondent of the Daily
LONDON, June 12, 3 a. m.— The last
message out of. Peking to reach
London left there yesterday morn
ing at 11 o'clock, going by way of
the Russian telegraph through
Manchuria, the Tientsin, line being cut,"
It Is'as follows: "General Tung, a Mo
hammedan, extremely hostile to foreign
ers, arrived here this morning and had a
long audience with Prince Tuan. father
of the heir apparent, who is seemingly
friendly to the Boxers. Prince Tuan has
been appointed chief of the Foreign OSlce
over Prince Ching, who is more friendly
toward the foreigners.
"The dl-patch of more marines was in
response to a telegram from the Ministers
to the Consuls at Tientsin for additional
troops. Conveyances have left Peking to
meet the troops coming by the first train.
"The arrival of the Empress Dowager
has rendered the city somewhat more
quiet than i£ had been recently: The Pro
testants have erected a barricade before
tne building in 'which they have taken
refuge and they have a. small guard. The
Ctholics are concentrated north of . the
cathedral under the '. protection.' ' of a
French guard of twenty-five men, who
will hold out to the end. I am convinced
The Russian Embassy, Feking,
Where the Empress Dow
agrer Is Said to Have Taken
Refuge.
been ordered to co-operate In quelling the
disturbances.
WASHINGTON, June 11.— The Navy Department received the following
cablegram from Admiral Kempff:
"TON*G ED, June 11.— Secretary Navy, Washington: In case all
communication with Peking cut, not able to go alone. If other nations go
will join to relieve Americans pending instructions. Situation serious.
Battalion of marines from Manila has been urgently requested. Answer.
"KEMPFF."
Upon receipt of the above Secretary Long sent the following cablegram to
Afimlral Remey at Mar.lla:
"NAVY DEPARTMENT, June 11.— Remey, Manila: Send by Solace immediately
t>y all dispatch to Kempff one hundred marines, arranging If practicable that
after landing Solace thall continue homeward voyage as previously ordered.
"LONG."
The following undated dispatch has been receiwd at the Navy Department:
"Secretary of the Navy: Forces landed by the different nations. Opening com
xnunication to Peking. Americans Joined. KEMPFF."
Admiral Kempff also reports the arrival of the Monocacy at Taku.
Minister Conger was heard from again this morning. It is fortunate that, al
though telegraphic communication between the foreign forces at Taku and Tien
tsin and foreign embassies and legations at Peking is interrupted through the
cutting of telegraph wires, there yet remains a channel of communication be
tween the officials at Peking and their home Governments by overland wires to
Jrhnnprhai and thence by cable. It is also possible through this roundabout way for
a connection to be maintained between the foreign diplomats and their naval
commanders at TaJtu.
Minister Conger's telegram was to the effect that the Pao Ting Fu mis
sionaries are pafe up to the present; that the Chinese Government has sent
trnopp thore and promises ample protection/ to the missions though it is not
thoupht that this protection will insure safety. According to Minister Conger
It i? impossible at this moment to send any foreign forces from Peking to Pao
Ting Fu. Mr. Cmijrcr"s doubt as to the permanence of the Chinese ability to
protect the missions is !n line with his previous expressions of opinion indicating
a bclipf in his mind that the few Chinese generals who are disposed to protect
foreipriers^sre to bo overcome by the element at the Chinese court which is fa
lorablc to the Boxers
The nttitude of the United States Government respecting the Boxer troubles
bavins beon misrepresented in certain quarters, it can be stated authoritatively
that «r> to this point not the first step has been taken, toward sending any troops
from General MacArthur's army in the Philippines to China. It was decided
last week that non« of the troops could be spared, even if wanted, and that none
•would be spared if they could be for such a purpose in the present aspect of the
Chinese trouble. - ¦ i -_-.-
Mr. Conger askM for further Instructions and was directed to proceed with
energy in the protection of American interests and more especially with the pro
tr.rtir>n of "Me American legation and the lives of the 'American citizens in China.
Be v.ap warned, however, not to be a party to any alliance or combination of a
group of powers. He was to act Independently whenever this was practicable, al
tho;iRh he was not forbidden to take concurrent action with other diplomatic rep
resentatives if tudrlcn necessity should arise for It. He was to do nothing to
commit the United States* further action. The traditional policy of the United
State* in this r«»ppoct was to be strictly observed.
The naval offleicJs say that the Nashville can scarcely reach Taku before Fri
day or Saturday next. Then the run up the shallow and rapid Peiho River- to
Tientsin will consume another day. The Yorktown and Cast'.ne, at Shanghai, are
rapidly being put into shape for sea. They were undergoing repairs, but this
work doubtless will be hastened so that if the conditions become more grave at
Tientsin one or both of the ships can reach there from Shanghai even before the
Nashville, arrives.
The Cnlnese crisis continues to be an absorbing topic at the' foreign em
hn?sks and legations In ¦Washington, but the prevailing sentiment is that it will
be confined to mob outbreaks and will not eventuate in a territorial dismember
ment involving the various powers. It is pointed out that up to this time the foreign ¦
powers have stated most positively that their sole purpose Is to restore order
nnd protect their citizens and property, and while then-- has been some suspicion
cf an ulterior motive on the part of some of them, this has not taken form.
On the contrary, all the official declarations have disavowed anything mon;
than a restoration of order. The Spanish Minister at Peking Is dean of the
diplomatic corps there, but as Spain has practically no interests iv China. Sir
Claudf MacdonaJd, who is second in paint of service to the Spanish Minister,
¦will act as dean during this upheaval, the other Minis-tors having interests, to
protect co-operating with him. That serious international entanglements are
not expected soon is indicated to some extent by the departure from this city of
the foreign representatives. /
The Russian Embassadnr, Count Cassinl, has already gone: EmbassarTbr
Catnbon of France will leave on the 20th inst. for r>urope, and Lord Pauncefote
Is making arrangements to go to Newport for the summer on July 1. At the
same time It is felt that China is in such a foment that an International crisis
beyond tho mob uprisings eonfinod to China may be precipitated at any moment.
The Chinese Minister, Wn Ting Fang, is naturally disturbed at the seriousness
of the reports, but in the complete absence of official information he believes the
reports are magnified and that the underlying causes of the attacks on the for
eigners have not been given. A knowledge of this point, ho feels, will permit a
much better judgment of the situation.
In some foreign quarters it has been thought the Chinese Government would
give indication through its Ministers abroad of Its views on the landing of for
eign troops and its ability unaided to cope with the situation, but not a word as
to this has been received here.
Secretary Long this afternoon stated that he nad sent no direct answer to
Admiral Kempff, nor was such an answer necessary In view of the subsequent
cablegram to Admiral Remey at Manila. The re-enforcements In the shape of
Jifi additional marines, which will come to him from Manila during the course
of a week, would indicate the department's position sufficiently. It will take the
Solace a full week to make the trip, according to the estimate of the naval offi
cers, for it is about 2(KiO miles from Manila to Taku. It is declared at the Navy
iJepartrnent that Admiral Kempff is not entirely dependent upon this marine
force from Manila for re-enforcements, for he was authorized last week to call
upon the United States naval vessels at Shanghai, the Yorktown and the Cas
tlne, for more men if he needed them, and it is suggested that the Oregon also
may supply another force in addition to 'the twenty marines she has sent al
ready to admiral Kempff. It is evident that the Navy Department approves all
Admiral Kempff has done up to this point at least, as Is shown by the disin
clination to hamper him by instructions. « __
GERMANS RECEIVE
NEWS OF OUTRAGES
BERLIN, June 11. — The German Foreign
Office has received a dispatch from Pe
king dated Sunday afternoon, Faying the
American Mission House at Tungchow.
the river port of Peking, has been burned
by natives. The officials of the Foreign
Office suppose this happened Saturday or
Sunday morning.
The dispatch further says the Interna
tional Club outside of a gate of Peking
has been burned, and that the Belgian
Secretary of Legation was attacked by
Chinese soldiers. The Foreign Office in
terprets the latter news as confirming the
serious views taken of tho situation, and
expresses fear that the German Embassy
will be next attacked.
An official of the German Foreign Office
railed attention to a remark ascribed to
Color.el John Hay, the United States Sec
retary of State, to the effect that the
United States tould not enter into an al
liance with the powers regarding China,
and added: "There !s no question of an
alliance which is unnecessary, but only of
a political combination for a specific pur
pose. There is no political question, but
a poMee question. The case involves the
Interest of no eirigle nation, but of al!
at ivsfi further added at the Foreign Of
fice that there are now GO foreign sol
diers at Tientsin. Of the 1L03 now on the
tray to Peking 110 are Cerman. They will
repair th* railroad as needed, probably
reaching Peking to-day. One of the two
telegraph wir^s to Peking which was de
stroyed has been restored.
The German gunboat Tiger has been
ordered to sail for China.
Tiie German Governor of Tslnetow haa
Reports From Uncle Sam's Representatives
in the Far East Are Not Reassuring, and
Additional Precautions Are Taken to
Protect Life and Property.
Upon Request of Admiral Kempff
for Further Landing Forces a
Detachment Is to Be Sent From
Manila on the Solace.
MORE MARINES ARE
ORDERED TO CHINA
fighting within ten miles of Heilbrun Juno
6, as follows:
"CAPK TOWN, June 10. Sunday.—Gen
eral Kelly-Kenny reports from Bloemfon
tein this rooming that Methuen with tho
greater part of hig division was fighting
early in the morning of June 8 ten miles
south of Heilbrtrn, where Colville was re
ported to be with the Highland Brigade.
Methuen left Lindloy June Z with ample
supplies for himself and Colville. leaving
Paget to hold Lindley with «. sufficient
force and supplies. Kelly-Kenny has or
dered Knox to press in the enemy's out
post, believing the enemy's strength to be
exaggerated. All is quiet and there is no
anxiety as regards the district to the
south. Communications north of Kroon
stad have been cut since June 6."
GENERAL BULLER ALSO
SUSTAINS SOME LOSSES
LONDON. June 11.— The following re
port from General Buller has been issued
by the War Office:
"HEADQUARTERS IN NATAL,. Juna
11.— The force was concentrated on the
Klip River at its junction with the Gans
vlel last night. We anticipated at that
defile a force of the enemy about 3000
strong, who had, I think, intended to oc
cupy U, and he retired as soon as our
heavy guns opened, which were very
smartly brought into action by Major May
of the Royal Artillery and Captain Jones
of the royal navy. The South African
Light Horse and the Second Cavalry
Brigade wVre smartly engaged while cov
ering our left front. Our casualties aro
about six killed and seven wounded."
m
KBTJGEB'S BODY-GTTABD.
LONDON, June 12.— The Lourenzo Mar
ques correspondent of the Times says:
"At Machadodorp President Kruger has
a body-guard of 1000 burghers. Stores are
being moved as quickly as possible from
that point to Lydonburg. The Portuguese
authorities sent a further body of troops
to the border to-day."
BOERS STTREENDER TO HTJNTEB,
VEN'TERSDORP, June 11.— Two hun
dred and fifty Boers have surrendered to
General Hunter and the remainder In this
district have promised to give uj> their
LONDON". June 12, 3:30 a. m.— Fifty thousand British troops are within half
a hundred miles of the marauding Boers north of Kroonstad. and they
are expected, of course, to make short work of them. Nevertheless, out
side of the War Office telegrams, no one knows what is going on. South,
of Kroonstad there is a wide gap. The railway is only partially defended
and as General Kelly-Kenny has hurried all the available troops northward the
assumption Js that there is danger of a second raid. The loss of the Derbyshires
is estimated at from 600 to TOO men.
A Reuter dispatch from Maseru,- dated June 11, 3:33 p. m., says: "Fifteen
hundred Boers surrendered to General Brabant to-day in the Flcksburff dis
trict." V^rV
Machadodorp has been officially proclaimed the capital of the Transvaal. A
Lourenzo Marques dispatch says that the village has swollen into a small city,
the majority of the inhabitants living In tents.
An official Boer telegram asserts that the British have been defeated with con
siderable loss at Donkerspoort, in the southern extremity of the Free State, or
Orange_River Colony, ten mile3 from Norvals Pont. It was thought that tKis
district had been cleared of Boers and rebels long ago.
The Boers still cling to Lalngs Nek, but General BuIIer's forces are •working:
far around in that direction.
Lord Roberts has wired Cape Town that prior to Wednesday he liberated 131
officers and 3500 of the rank and file. The Boers consequently took off only 900.
• Mr. Schrelner, the Cape Premier, had eight supporters out of forty at a cau
cus called to consider the Ministerial programme. J. X. Merriam. Treasurer, and
J. W. Fauer. Commissioner of Public Works, have resigned from the Cabinet, and
Mr. Schreiner*s own resignation is believed to be imminent, although he may re
construct the Ministry with the aid of the opposition, the British members.
. The Cabinet situation is so Interesting that Sir Alfred MJlner will postpone
his trip northward.
Food is still scarce at Mafeking, but the railway is nearly repaired. Seventy
two rebels have been arrested In the Vryburg and- Mafeking districts. Sixty-five
men were marched into Mafeking by two of their late prisoners at Mostia.
All of General Harrington's force was landed at Beira a ago. The or
ganization to invade the Transvaal from the north 13 alreadysfar advanced.
A' Boer deserter who arrived at Maseru yesterday asserts that 7000 Boers par
ticipated in the Rooekrantz engagement; that General Olivier was killed and Gen
eral de Villlers mortally wounded. ,
The American young women who are nursing in the hospital at Ladybrand
have been slighted by the Boer women who are nursing the Beer sick in the same
hospital, and have been made the object of unpleasant remarks because the
Americans are nursing the English.
Thirty thousand troops were engaged in the mimic field operations at Alder-
shot yesterday.
AGAIN THE BRITISH
HAVE LOST A BATTALION
LONDON, June lL— Lieutenant General
Sir Frederick Forestier- Walker, in com
mand of the lines of communication in
South Africa, reports that in the disaster
to the British troops June 7 at Roodeval.
where the Boers cut Lord Roberts' line
of communications, the Fourth Battalion
of the Derbyshire Regiment were all
killed, wounded or made prisoners, except
six enlisted men. Two officers and fifteen
men were killed and five^offlcers and
seventy-two men were wounded, many of
them severely. The Boers returned the
wounded to the British.
The officers killed were: Lieutenant
Colonel Balrd-Douglass and Lieutenant
Hawley.
The wounded include Colonel Wilkinson
and Lieutenant Blanchard of the Cana-
dian Infantry.
General Forestier-Walker's dispatch in
full Is as follows:
"CAPE TOWN. Sunday. June 10.— The
following telegram has been received
from Charles Knox: " r ' : \'S
" 'KROOKSTAD- The following dasual
ties reported from Roodeval June \J, re
ceived from Stoneham, commanding the
Imperial Yeomanry Hospital, dated Rhe
noster River. June S. received here by flag
of truce June 10: The Fourth Battalion
of the Derbyshire Regiment, (the Sher
wood Foresters). Killed— Lieutenant Baird
Douglass artd Lieutenant Hawley and fif
teen of the rank and lile. AVounded — Col
onel Wilkinson, Captain Bailey, Lieuten
ants Hall. Lawder and Blanchard and
fifty-nine of the rank and file: the Shrop
shire Light Infantry, one: Cape Pioneer
Railroad Regiment, seven: Ammunition
Park, Royal Marines and Imperial Tele
graphs, one each; postoffice corps, one.
" 'Stoneham reports that many were se
verely wounded and the remainder of the
Fourth Derbyshire and details of prison
ers, except six of the rank and file, are
in his camp. All the wounded are in his
camp, lately occupied by the Fourth
Derbyshire. Inquiries are being made as
to the names.' "
It is inferred that the Boers captured
over SCO men and as late as June 10 held
positions cutting oft the British forces
north of Kroonstad from reinforcements.
A second dispatch from General Fores
tier-Walker says General Methuen was
Meanwhile Krugep's Men Are Doing Some
LiYelg Fighting, and Recently Caused
the Derbyshires to Sustain a Loss of
Six or .Seven Hundred Men.
BRITISH NEAR THE
MARAUDING BOERS
Lord Roberts Has Fifty Thousand
Troops Within a Short Distance
of the Republican Forces and Is
Expected to Crush Them.
HOSTILITY TO FOREIGNERS
SHOWN IN STARTLING STYLE
LONDON, June II.— A special dispatch from Shanghai, dated to-day, says: ;'¦ "All the naval forces,
except the Russians, are acting under the orders of ; the British admiral. It is 'reported that the
head of. a foreigner has been sc2n exposed on a pole northwest of Tientsin. The Chinesa are fleeing
from Peking and Tientsin^ to Shanghai. . -
"There are ominous indications of ' outbreaks . in the Yangts; district." All classes of natives in the
north display intense hostility, to-ward foreigners and the Chinese soldiers point their guns at foreign
ers as they pass by/' . •
LONDON, June ,11.— A special dispatch from Tientsin says it .
is reported that the Dowager Empress has fled to the Bussian lsga
tion at Peking.' -ij
.»_«S_A._»'» .».1»T -_«5 » m^ - mn *. •<¦> «^ . 11 a » . in » h .'m' I In I'm', m'"Preparing 1 for the Street Fair at Stockton.
WOODLAND, June' 11.— Late Saturday
afternoon Samuel Wallace.- a separator
tender employed on the Hayes harvester
near Madison, in some unaccountable
manner .fell feet 'first .-into the cylinder,
and his legs .were mangled as far as the
knees In a horrible manner. YoungWal
lace never rallied from the shock and;
after lingering for three hours; died.
Killed by a Harvester.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Characterizes as Rubbish the State
ment Recently Published in
the Journal de Geneve.
ROME, June 11.— The Osservatore Ro
mano publishes a letter from Archbishop
Ireland to Cardinal Rampolla. Papal Sec
retary of State, warmly protesting
against a recent statement by the Jour-:
nal de Geneve, which he characterizes as
"rubbish"— that he wrote to the Duke of
Norfolk denouncing the doctrine of the
temporal power of the Pope and the meth
ods of the congregations and the Roman
Curia.
Mer. Ireland declares that he speaks
and thinks with the Pope, on such
a serious matter, and he reserves to him
self : the right to repeat these declara
tions by word of mouth to Cardinal Ram
polla when next he visits Rome, in order
to avail himself of his Grace's jubilee
and to receive the Papal benediction.
IRELAND DENIES HAVING
CRITICIZED PAPAL DOCTRINE
Of Interest to the Coast.
Sp-cial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, E>. C. June 11.— The
following per.slons have been granted:
California— Restoration and reissue-
Henry S. Pixley (dead), Lodl. JS. Increase
—George W. Sweetzer. San Francisco. $8;
Edward F. Beck. Bakersfleld. $3; Daniel
Harrington, Callahan. $10: Mary M Plx
ley, Lodi. J8; Alico SI. Meyer. San
Diego, $8.
T.'ashlngtnn— Charles Kreerllove Yakl
ma City. ?*>. Renewal — Charles R-assell.
Stevenson. $6. Increase — Burton Packard.
Lyndon. $50.
A postofflce has been established at
Alamo. Grant County. Or., with Fred Mc-
Coy. Postmaster. The postoffice at Kes
wick. Shasta County, has been discontin
ued and mail will be sent to Taylor. The
following Postmasters have been commis
sioned and appointed respectively: Cali
fornia— Lancha Plana. Arthur K. Adams.
Washington— Wahl, Whatcom County.
Richard Kohler, vice Joha WaW, r^
signed. •
Prisoner 13 Taken From the Jail,
Hanged to it Tree and. Riddled
With Bullets.
THOMASVHXE. Oa.. Jun« 11.— Sonnv
Jefferson, a negro, twenty-two years of
ape. was lynched near Metcalf. about ten
miles from Thomasvllle. by unknown
parties this morning. Jefferson had been
working for Emery Stringer, a white
farmer, and Saturday nisht attempted to
assault one of Mr. Strinser'a dauEhters.
Sunday morning he was caught ami con
fined In the jail at Metcalf. Soon after
mldnicht ho was taken to the outskirr*
of the village, hanged to a treo and
riddled with bullets.
MOB WREAKS VENGEANCE
ON A FIENDISH NEGRO
The Goodwin home is two miles out of
town. Early this morning neighbors
found the house in embers and no trace
of the occupants. Search In the rutns re
sulted in the finding: of the bodies. The
bodies of Mr. Goodwin and his son were
hardly recognizable, that of the latter be
ing headless. '
The medical examination disclosed that
the head of Mrs. Home had been crushed
in by some blunt Instrument and that
death probably ensued before the tire
The bodies of all four were recovered
thla morning from the ruins of the house,
and two of them, those of Mrs. Home
and' Bertseh. gave every indication that
they had been foully murdered.
WKST XBWFIEI.D. Me.. June 11.—
George W. Goodwin and three members
of his household were murdered last night
and the house ln which they lived t^t on
fire by the murderer, whose motive was
presumably robbery. The dead are:
George W. Goodwin, his mother. Mrs.
Elsie R. Home. 76 yrars of age: his
adopted son, Scott Goodwin, 20 year3. and
a hired man. Fred Bertseh.
Suspicion Bests on a Farm Hand Who
Has Been Loitering in the Neigh
borhood and Robbery Is As-
Signed as the Motive.
Maine Murderer Attempts
to Conceal a Terrible
KILLED FOUR
AND SET FIRE
TO THE HOUSE
reached It. In the case of Bertsch. not
nnly was the skull crushed In in- a simi
lar manner to that of Mrs. Home, but
there were deep wounds on other parts
of th»» body.
Suspicion re?ts upon a farmhand named
Champion, who had been ln the neighbor
hood. Goodwin sold a plm-e of woodland
recently for S'-ICiX). Neighbors say he did
not put the money in the bank and they
think this Induced the murder.
WOODLAND. Jure 11.—To-mor
row at high noon W. I.,. Woodi
and Miss Bertha Oaddtt will be
married at the residence of the
mother of tho bride. Mrs.
Barnes, on College stro^t. The wedding
Is of more than ordinary interest, on ac
count of the political prominence of the
prospective groom, the prominence In ed-
Special Dispatch to The Call
Mr. Woods Is now serving 1 his second
term as Treasurer of the county, ilisa
Oaridia ta one of the most popular and,
Influential teachers in the county and a
sistfr of E. E. Gaddis. Judge of the Su
perior Court of Yolo County.
The happy young couple will leave In
the afternoon on a honeymoon trip which,
will include San Francisco and other
points of Interest.
ueatlonal matters of the bride-to-be and
the social position of both.
PRINCIPALS IN A PRETTY WEDDING TO OCCUR AT WOODLAND
TO-DAY.
Special Cable to Tbe Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1500, by the Herald
PubllKhlng Company.
PANAMA. June 11.— In view of the un
settled condition of affairs In the. Interior
departments Consul General Gudger has
asked that the United States gunboat
Machias be kept at Colon for .the present
to protect American Interests.
An engagement between Government
troops , and revolutionists took place on
Saturday near Chame, a village about
thirty miles from here. General Lozida
commanded the Government forces and
General Horrera led the rebels. The bat
tle lasted several hours," but resulted in no
definite advantage to either side.
Sullivan Defeated
. SAN DIEGO. June 11.— Billy Decourcey
of this city and Joe Sullivan' of Montane,
met to-night at the San Diego Athletic
Club for what ..was scheduled to be .a
twenty-round bout. The affair was rather
tame and In the. fifth round Sullivan went
down before a light blow and was counted
OUt. • ¦ '.¦¦'¦ ¦•:,.-.-.¦••: J - ¦ ¦ - :
In View of Unsettled Condition of
Affairs Consul General Asks for
Protection to Citizens.
ASKS THAT MACHIAS
BE KEPT AT COLON
So Devastating Has Been ths Cholera
Outbreak That Relief Camps
Are Powerless.
LONDON', June 12. — The famine in India
grows worse. The Standard's Simla cor
respondent, in a mail letter, says: .
"It would be rash to assume from tho
almost stationary relief figures that the
corner will soon be turned. So devastating
has been the cholera outbreak, so numer
ous the mortality and so blind the terror
inspired by this black death that the fam
ine relief camps in Bombay presidency,
which contained thousands of workers,
melt away and are left empty in the
courpe of a couple of days.
"Starving though they be, they prefer
to fly to their own home and to die ln
quiet, rather than to remain in the famine
relief camns, where tho cholera Is strik
ing down a hundred workers daily.
"Terrible stories come from Dohad.
There the famine Is at its worst and now
the cholera has arrived to complete the
f.ork. An eyewitness says:
" 'As we walked through these quiet
streets we saw deserted homes and dead
bodies. One of the bravest acts witnessed
was a little girl about seven attempting to
care for two little brothers after the
mother had given up all hope and lain
down near them to die. She was feeding
a fire which burned beneath a broken pot,
in which simmered the almost rotten feet
and bones of fome dead animal. Tho scene
cannot be painted too black. No account
we have ever read of any famine would
picture the state of affairs at Dohad. 1 "
The Standard's correspondent says the
mortality estimates are Inaccurate, as
unnumbered, dead bodies are polluting the
streams and spreading contagion.
— — —
HORRORS OF THE INDIAN
FAMINE INDESCRIBABLE
. WASHINGTON, June 11.— Major Gen
eral E. S. Otis, accompanied by his aids.
Captain Slayden and Lieutenant Stanley,
reached Washington this morning. He
was met at the station by Adjutant Gen
eral Corbln and General Schwann, and
the party were driven directly. to the Ar
lington Hotel. After breakfasting Gen
eral Otis repaired to the War Depart
ment, where he formally reported to
Mr. Meiklejohn, as acting Secretary.
Thence General Corbin escorted him and
his aids to the White House. The Presi
dent was in his private office in close
consultation with Senator Allison, Sena
tor Cullom and Justice Harlan when the
party arrived. General Otis and General
Corbin were immediately ushered into the
Presidential library, where Mr. McKln-
Icy met General v-tls with the utmost
cordiality, congratulating him upon his
apparent good health, and thanking him
several times for -is signal services to
the country.
General Otis made -no report : to- the
President in detail. After a few min
utes the President Invited General Otis
into his office and presented him to Sen
ators Allison and Cuiiom and Justice
Harlan, and for over half an hour Gen
eral Otis remained talking over the situ
ation in the Philippines.
The President and his visitors were in
tensely Interested in what the general
had to say and with his opinion of the
rxistlng situation in the archipelago. Af
ter General Otis left the White House
he was naturally reticent concerning the
subject of his interview with the Presi
dent, but he did not hesitate to reiterate
his statement, made repeatedly since
landing at San Francisco, that the Fili
pino rebellion as an organization was
dead. When his attention was called to
th« views of Judpe Taft, president of the
Philippine Commission, in the Manila
dispatches printed this morning, he ex
pressed the opinion that they were satis
factory. The United States would be
compelled to maintain in the Philippines
for a considerable period as large an army
ab was there at present.
"The army," said he, "will be needed
as a measure of repression until the rob
bers and guerrillas are stamped out. -The
maintenance of this large force Is neces
sary owing to the vast extent of terri
tory which we must cover. We have es
tablished ourselves In Negros, Cebu, Sa
mar and many of the other islands. In
addition to Luzon, and I are to-day
actually exercising effective authority
over more territory than Spain ever did."
General Otis said practically all the
leaders of the Insurgents were cither
dead, captured or pacified. . The* recent
rapture of General Pilar del Rio. - he
thought, had probably been effected with
the consent of that general. So far as
Aguinaldo himself was concerned, Gen
eral Otis was not inclined to credit the
report of his death. In his opinion it
mattered little, however, , -whether Aguin
aldo was deadl or. alive, as his Influence
had been completely destroyed.
"Agulnaldo," he said, "is probably In
hiding somewhere , ln the mountains - of
Northern Luzon, but ¦ he carries little
more influence than any other Individual
Next Thursday He Will Again Call
at the White Houss and Pre
sent His Keport in
Detail.
Warmly Congratulated Upon
the Work Accomplished
in the Orient.
GENERAL OTIS
IS THANKED BY
THE PRESIDENT
at large. He Is discredited and a dead
issue."
Asked as to whether in the event of
more acute complications in China troop.s
could be spared from the Philippines for
service there. General Otis replied: j
"Possibly, poBslblv."
General Otis left to-night for West
Point, whero he will report In per
pon to Secretary Root. Ho is entirely
In the dark as to his future assignment
to duty. He will remain at West Point
with the Secretary until after the gradu
ating exercirfes are over and will return to
Washington with the Secretary, arriving
here on Thursday morning, when he will
again call on the President and make a
report in detail of the operations of the
army under his command, and submit
such suggestions and recommendations
as shnll seem to him proper. He will
leave here again Thursday night for his
old home at Rochester, where extensive
preparations ar« being made to celebrate
his homecoming on Friday.
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS
IN CONDENSED FORM
IROXTON* Ohio. June 11. — The peotion men
ra the Cincinnati and Ilinton division of the
Ches-apeake and Ohio Itailroad struck for
higher wages. W£
NITW YORK, June IL— Collli P. Huntinrton,
rre;i<5c-m of the Pacific Mall Steamship Com
pany, declared that reports to . the effect that
Jar coKiijaxjr win issue bootlsto meet Certain
THOrSAJCD ISLAND rAIUC, K, T.. June 11.
-The conference of the Y. M. C A. secretaries
has adjourned to meet In 1*11 in IJoston.
of the enterprise. Tons of advertising
matter are being sent broadcast all over
the State, while all the papers, ln recog
nition of the public nature of the under
taking, are making liberal mention of the
programme. . The all-important finance
committee, at the head of which is Mar
tin P. Stein, has done its work well.
President Fred M. West of the Chamber
of Commerce and Orrin S. Henderson of
the Merchants' and Manufacturers' Asso
ciation have been tireless in their efforts
to insure the undertaking. Such promi
nent capitalists as AV. \V. Westbay and
D. A. Guernsey have become enthused to
the extent of devoting most of their time
to the work. ¦ . ¦ ,
The leading candidate for queen la now
Miss-. Mamie Slevers. a popular young
lady. Miss Peters is a close second, and
it looks now as though the contest lies
between these two.
Famous Spy Dead.
KILBOURNE. Wis.. June 11,— Belle
Boyd, the famous ppy of Confederate
fame, uied suddenly of heart disease -here
to-night, where she had come to lecture.
Sne was 57 years of age.
The two men did not meet Instant death,
but were slowly crushed, by the settling
mass of ore. Their cries for help wer«
piteous, but when the rescue force reached
them life was extinct. The accident oc
curred In what was supposed to be tho
safest place In the mine.
JEROME, Ariz., June 11.— This morning
at about 1 o'clock there was a cerious
cave-in on the 500 level of the United
Verde mine, In which John Gray of Salt
I^ake City, Utah, and Jed Torreno lost
their lives and Robert Northers of Lon
don was slightly Injured. Janso Melkle,
a laborer, had his arm and thigh broken
and received Internal injuries which are
likely to prove fatal.
TWO MINERS KILLED.
ST. PAUL. Minn.. June 11.— The Police Com
mission provided lor under the recently adopted
new city charter to-day organized and elected
J. J. < )'Connor Chief of 'Police, but when the
new Chief tried to take possession Chief
Oetchell refused to yield the place. Insisting
that lie could only be removed for cause. The
rase will I* -cettled in the courts, and for the
present two Chiefs of Police are stationed at
headquarters.
BrFFALO. N. Y., June 11. -Owing to diffi
culties which have arisen between the Master
Tailors' Protective Association and local as
semblies of the I'nited Garment Workers of
America about 1000 men and girls are Idle.
The men claim it is a lockout, ordered to force
the unl«m to settle a strike at Samuel Binders'
fhop. where, it Is alleged, union workers were
1m ir.jT gradually displaced by non-union work
er*.
SOT'THAMrTOS. June 11.— The T'nlted
States cruiser Albany, which was placed In
o.mmirsion at Xewcastle-on-Tyne. M»y 30. and
under orders to proceed to the N*diterranean,
arrived at Southampton. The United States
training ship HulTnlo. which sailed from New
York April 19. for a cruise in the Mediter
ranean, has also arrived.
IjONDON. June IL— The Temperance Con
press was opened under the presidency of
Thomas Wallace Russell. M. P. DeleVatea
from ail parts of the world were present. J.
\j. liatley uf Philadelphia was elected one of
tlie vice president*. He read a paper on "Thp
1'r.ited States and South America," by the
Hev. J. II. Dunn.
aOACESKZ* West Prussia, June 11.— A bat
talion of infantry has been sent to Konltz,
about fifty miles northwest of this plao. where,
owinK to the mysterirus rmirier of a txhr,ol ltoy,
there have been for several weeks fiast anti-
Femitic disturbances, which culminated yes
terday in *erious excesses and destruction of
a fynagopue.
WASHINGTON', June 11.— General Charles H.
l^atlmer. aysistant to the Hui^rlntendent of the
Government Hospital for the Insane here, ha»
been appointed by Surgeon General Sternbers
an acting assistant surgeon In the army for the
purpose of proceeding to Manila and taking
charjje of the insane soldiers there.
NEW TOnK. June 11.— There was talk ln
banking circles of several gold exports on the
French steamer leaving thin port on Thursday
next. The amount of these shipments was va
riously estimated at from $1,000,000 to J2,f>00,«y>0.
The names of the probable shippers were not
<J!«-Iof«ed.
CHICAGO, June 11.— Two person? were seri
ously a pd eleven Fiiphtly injurid ln a collision
between a ("icero and Petuloso electric car and
a farm wagon containing fourteen homeward
bcund picnickers. *t Twenty-fifth street and
Flfty-Pfcond avenue. The wagon wa.n demol
ifhfrJ.
LONDON'. June 11.— The expedition to'-Abys
*!nU, fitted out and heeded by William Fitx
huch Whltehouse of Newport. It. I., for the
purpt-se of ext>l"r!ri»f I,ake Rudolf, safely re
turned to llomUisa. on the east coast of Africa.
June VL
JGL.IET III.. June 11.— Work was resumed
in the billet mi!l of the Illinois Steel Company
hen*, after peveral we°k« cf idleness. Three
hundred rr.en were put to work. It is reported
that the converter' and rod mills will soon re
i>ume.
JCEW YOKK. June 11.— Two flve-stnry brick
builtllneit, owned by George E. Ketcham in
Wen avenue, contotnlng' ICa.fiC'O bushels of
Brain, were destroyed by fire. Loss about
$140,000.
NEW TORK, .Tune U.— A. M. Qucrricr. sec
ond vice president of the Loutivlllc ami Na«h
\-i\le Kailroad Company, died at his residence
In this city to-day after a prctracted Illness.
HAVANA. June 11.— The court presided over
bv Car.tain Pitcher, Police Maclftrate and Su
pervisnr of Police. Is being investigated by the
Inspector General's Department.
STOCKTON, June 11.— Preliminary
plans for the Free Street Fair,
which beprins on the 26th inst., have
given way to actual preparatory
work. The immense grand stand
facirg on Hunter Plaza will be finished
by to-morrow evening- It will seat 3000
people. In front of it the fantastic fea
tures, such as the crowning of the queen,
the fireworks and gambols of the horri
bles, will be given. The building of the
booths was also begun during the day
and from now on a small army of carpen
ters will be at work along the blocks
where the exhibits are to be located. In
tho vicinity of the main thoroughfares
fakers and "sideshow men are securing lo
cations.
There Is no question as to the success
nbllirations is not true. No action locWnK to a
bond Issue has been consideretl, according to
Mr. Iluntinctan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
W, L Woods and Miss Bertha Gaddis Will
Be Made Man and Wife at
High Noon.
POPULAR YOUNG COUPLE
TO WED AT WOODLAND
CHICAGO. June ;:.— The fallowing is
the letter of Ignatius Donnelly accepting
the nomination of the People's party f of
Vice President:
HASTINGS, liinn . June It— Han M. \Y.
Howard. J. M. Ma lieu and W. *". Morgan.
<'ommlttee Peoples Party:
gentlemen: 1 fcavo reot lved "your vaJued let
ter of the lith ult.. formally notifying mf of
my DOmtoaXloa. on the ICth u!t.. as t!ie candi
c&te of the People's yarty lor the ottic*- o/ \"loe
President of the l'rtU»d Stat*#.
I cckncwleute the treat iiunor done me In
that i.ojuinatinn. and. tf ei«-t«-d. tljall thrive
to d;echaj-*e U»e <lutic« of tiiff j>j»itiou to tne
eatlifactlon of th* whola country.
I tntlorwe every word of th» platform adapted
by tlie cajTvezmon. Anxious to be brie/, they
did not iwM"haj*s cov>>r every question upon
¦which they wit aere^l.
Money ts & neon-«ity of civilization. With
out It the productidua of th«? jxfopie cannot b«
exchan^eU. Without It ail tradce and co3i
rtierce must end. If it is funilthed In lnsu.'ii
«lert quantities it* purchasing l»ow*r lm-reas**
and the i«rict»s of labor, and ail commodities
l>ro<luo-d by labor, corresjxinilir.^'.y fail. The
rich therefore become richer and the poor
poorer.
To isupp!y the people with money In the «¦¦»
rireme Junction <->f government. lor the only
•¦ad of gm-enimfnt 1e Ihe proapenty and Uai>
;:•••>-s or thi» covernpJ.
Hence the constitution declare that Congress
chall coin money and ivgulete the value there
of. And ln the najne «eetion it provides that
Oon«T»s» rhaii •¦declare war. ratae and support
urmlea" and "provid.- 6.n<5 maintain a navy. "
« "or.gre*e has no more right t« authorixe pri
vate banking coi-poratione to coin money and
Issue it to the citizens than It would have t«
o.uchorlz« . ctni'iar private ccrporatlon»v to de
clare war. ra'.frf ami •'uppjrt armies and pro
vide and ir.o.::u-£ln a navy. .
And when the lsK^e of the money of the na
tion Is !*'t in the han>U of private carporatlons.
¦whotK Interest It is to make It scarce, and
therefore dear, not a collar ot it can come ta
the people across *^ielr counters until some one
borrow* It and pays interest on it.
Th<» country is, then, ln a horrible condition.
It . ie as if we were c'uarKeu lor the air we
breathe. It is Ca if our army, controlled by
: r; .„¦... corporations, reinstall to resist the In
vaders of our country until every citizen came
Jorward and paid them a private bonus for de
:¦•:.:.! r 1-is him*?.
Oriplnar.y a.11 Luflnesis was barter; and cold
a.nd fllvcr, valuable lx»oau»f the paaim pri»»st
ho*d adorneri tl«r«?»ith th* temples of the eun
end moon, became stanaard con:moditi«s; and
being 'nmpart and pi»rtable. were nnaily U9ed
In 'malting; exchanges, and railed "money"; and
so d»-«"'«*mied to our own lirnen.
lately, however, a criminal conspiracy tu
organizj*.! amang the ¦.¦;..¦..;.; :s of the old ani
new worlds to deny tlie moon's niftal. Bilver.
arcef« to the mints. They have thus re<5uce.i
tht metailic-b6rt»-r basis o" all bus-int'ss ovr
all the earth iwl I If
Political i:e<-«tfcity has fcrreU them. . in this
ccuntrj*. tii iseuf paper lank notes t:i supply
this pilver rstwm; but thf«e are only to iea-:h
the pefijiif by beins? bjrruwed and paid for —
with more Interest and more eventual bank
ruptcy. Ani so the;- l'»vc Si'( the pyramid .jf
currency upon its apt>k»-th»> gold supply <>f th>»
w<>i-id— a cube ab<5ut f rntr wrrn t**t square,
which all nations! a;e BtruegllnR to t=e;'ure: and
now the inverted pyramid is tcttering to its
Jail. iir»d th<» l.snk^r? will scarcely lie able to
prop it u:> unt.l aiter the nf-xt election. And
when it falls rr.ai'.kind will be overwhelmed
v.'ith cc'.&ruitie.x tor which histor> - effords no
parallel.
While we rrard the redemr'tlon of th» money
of .our country in gold and silver as a relic of
barbarism &n\\ a survival of yagan supersti
tion. nevertbelefS we dpmand that if either
XT.etal is so ub*"1. both fiUaU be so used. If
tbezc is to be a raetallic ba«i« for our currency
it in''Ft rx» a? l.r.Jad an ;>nfsibl^.
1 Tr*^*re if no i»iore reason Tor tr.i->'nt' . our
money of metals than there is for tngraving
our i.atlonal bonds en plates of gold, or priiu-
Ine our i^stage stamps on tags of silver.
' When silver nat= demonetized It fell <>no-half
lx* vaiue; »ro!ri pimiiariy ireal'd would shrink
!n ill** same way. There !« little intrinsic une- |
fulness ln either. <*iviliza;iou <ould eniure
w-itbnt:t l>^th of them; it could t-carvely live
vithout iron or copper.
Ir. -ur Civil war (J«vprnm*nt paper money, i
without hanker, raved th«- nation: and its life :
<wn be malrrtained. in time of ]>eace. by the
.It is a crime to >~omr>el eiphty mi'Iior.s of
*Tff p<>opl»» to d«»pr-nd ffrr the first essential or I
Human sr«-i»-ty u;K>n a Ow thousand banlcr*, '
who make the ivople pay heavily for . doing !
Jnr them what the penjiit> are abundantly able j
to rto for thprr.selves*. The banker's note i* re-
UtfnaMc in preenback*. Why not. then. o>
«rry the bank rmtes and i.<.«u<7 the superior
parr — the crwnbackn.
The world is to-<Jay trj'ing: to solve the prob
lem. Phall wealth »r rnar.hcod rule humanity?
A PTt-at rcpcUte, lased on the theory of
"equal riphts to all and special prlvlleires to
mn»," and which, by It* constitution, prohibits
monarchy an.l Bri?to«Tacy. n<»«»«1s a iHjlitlcai
party that is devofd to Ubcrty and nulalrur
e4se.
•Of what avail
Is flas or sail.
Or lan<1 cr life.
If freedom fall?"
i Can we reach the ends we have In view
tfcrousli the Democratic party?
Suppose that the old Whip party, instead
of decently dying In 1^6. when It had i.ut-
I1\-e«l lt« function, had Ilnj-er^d f>ui>erflurius on
the FtsR». and the people of the I'nlted States
had trici ro use It a« an Instrumentality to
<1«troy flaverj', could they possibly have euc
t-eMed?
Xn: thfy would hav» found half of Its meTn
liership favorable to Flavery and half opp-»p<vl
io it; and insu-ad of reform, we should have
hart continuous Internecine warfare.
Slavery was destroyed by a p^rty, every
wcml»r of which was opposed to Ilavery.
, Plutocracy will never be overthrown bv the
Tiomo<-rat!e party, with H* head In Wall street
and its tall in the Mississippi Valley.
We must have a party dreadfully in earnest
nn<1 in which there li not a single plutocrat.
If t»»n horses are hltche.J to the front of a
onrt, and t»-n horses, equally Ftrnng. ar» fas-
T^n***! to the tall end. wi!l not the cart .stand
Etlll?
Hepret it n«< w may. plutocracy Is ns mu^h
of a sectional question to-day as slavery was
In is;6. It is the battle of the money-lending
rejri^n a«ra1n*t the miney-borrowinir region:
the section where the dollar Is blsper than the
rnen acalnst tlie section where the man Is ln-
JTnitely blpRer than the dollar. It is Thread
needle street apalnrt the spirit of 1776. Its
rr«cts reach <1uv.n to the insue of menarchv
¦vyrtus retiu1-!ic: nay. they go even deeper. It
Is the forward movement of n<ui for the bless
ing of his children, .leainft the troprlodyte in
his cavern, crackir.R t'r.e lrif-bonpR of his vic
tim, to extract the maiTow for his cannibal
istic feast.
.The famines, the r>jn*erinr. the strikes, tlie
poverty, the wretchedr.PFs. the suicides of the
Tnu'Hude, are all <\ar.n!ha!istlr: but the ban
' QJKtert are better flrts»f<] than their proi\».
«esKors of the caverns. They d'i not l>eat their
victims' bralr.s nut with clubs— they crush
ttietn witli laws and eotr.binattors, or petrify
them with false Ftar*mcnts and false argu
ments.
•Tlif* !» a r.pv: rnuntry. bT«eil r,n a new Sd^a—
1be sovereiRr.tv rf the corc.mrn people. Europe
furnished u« uifh cur fetJlers. and now it is
t">-<iav mleg the greater part of Europe and
America.
Our (ajvrxmMfit is a republic. an<l yet otir
rulpr* have st^oi si!cr.t!y by while monarchy
HI iramplM tfc# life out of two cf our fellow
rrnuMioji in Soulh Afri-n.
Oive the People's party nower and we will
¦put a slop to tfala ?tate nf thin^f. War Is evil,
but natior.nl d^rra'lallon I? a preater evil.
P.etter the ntflc ( ~n tli» mountain top. "nlirh
famished in the fellowship of storms." than
the reptllrs In the swamp, bloated with filth
Khd rlecftnpr sway their wretched existence.
•¦Arira5:fm I-Ircoln fr><~l;e of "Keeping the
<»wf! c.f Jit>erty In the family of freedom":
r.m we have no "family r>f freedom." Every
i. ;¦<)•- the tendency Is toward ilespfitlsm.
If this nation is t« li*-e. as a. free ¦reptihlif.
1t needs the Peoples party, with Its heroic
r*-eM of Ftfttecmra. who r.im at Fomething
Llcher than a pqaabbie for petty office?.
!*"Ti« not ir. mortals to command success;
Cut we'll <3o more — -we'll deserve it."
IGNATII'S DOXXELLT.
Declares That Frsedcra No Longer
Exists, but That Everything Is
Tending Toward a Despot
ism cf Wealth.
Ignatius Donnelly Sends His
Letter of Acceptance to
the Populists.
ARRAIGNS THE
PLUTOCRACY OF
THE COUNTRY
ST. LOUIS. June 11.— The Sabbaths
scenes of disorder and bloodshed were
followed to-day by comparative quiet
throughout the city. Last night's riot
was the all-absorbing topic, especially
among .the police force and the officers
and men of the Sheriff's posse comitatus.
They discussed it in all its bearings, the
opinion being expressed that the posse
men had done their full duty and no more.
The strikers and their sympathizers,
naturally, viewed the occurrence . ln a
light diametrically opposite to that of the
Sheriff's posse, the officials of the former
making the claim that the men were shot
down in cold blood.
Cars were operated until midnight to
night an the following lines?: Laclede
avenue. Market street, Olive street,
Washington avenue, Compton Heights
and Park avenue. L"p to a late hour no
reports of disorders had been received by
the board of police.' ' The surveillance of
the Police Department was not relaxed
in the least as compared with the preced
ing days of the strike. If anything their
efforts were redoubled in maintaining
peace and order; as in some quarters It
was feared the lawless element of the
community might po'ssibly take measures
to even up yesterday's score, when three
striking employes were killed and nine
persons Injured by the posse. In the same
degree the two regiments of the posae
were on their mettle.
In answer tp a letter directed by Chief
of Police Campbell this evening to Mayor
Zeigenhein, the following proclamation
was Issued by the latter:
Whereas. During the pendency of th? present
railway strike and the crisis through which
the city is now passing, it is of th» utmost
importance that all exeit»ment be suppressed
snd that no aets of any kind be done which
may tend to produce or create excitement In
public places, such as the [ assembling of
crowds or groups of persons upoii the streets.
the discussion of the situation In boisterous
language or the discharge of firearms or lire- :
works. (
Therefore, I. the undersigned. Mayor of the
city of St. Ixmls. by virtue or the power and
authority In me vested by law, Jo hereby
proclaim and direct that all persons ln the
city of St. I^ouls refrain from gathering In '¦
numbers on the public streets or in public [
places: that all persons, particularly women
and children, remain Indoors as much as
possible until the present situation Is re
lieved; that J«>orirs or abusive language or
language calculated to provoke a breach of the
peace b? not Indulced In.
And all persons are especially warned apain-'t
the discharge, within the city limits, of fire
arnjp of any description, and agninst the fir
ing or exploding of bombs, torpedoes, fire
crackers or any species of fireworks.
All minors are warned to k(»ep within doors
riurinc the rext three days, and parents are
notified that all minors found out of doors
between on»- hour after sunset and one hour
before sunr'.fe are subject to arrest and irn-
Urisonment under the provisions of section 2139
of the revised Ftatutes of Missouri of 1S93.
HENRY 7.HIUENHEIN, Mayor.
President Harry B. Hawes of the police
board sa»<* to-night mat the Mayors
proclamation would be rigidly enforced.
JEFFKRSON- CITY. *o.. June" 11.;-
Oovernor Siephens to-day gave - out the
following statement, which he had wired
to the New York World, regarding the St.
Louis strike:
Rer-lvlng to your telegram, just received. I
w 11 say vigorous artlon rms heen taken by the
State government and St. Louis Police Depart
ment to enforce respect for law In St. Lf>"»s
"nil re«rect for property. The Republican
Minor however, who is a candidate for renomi
natlon' not des-iring to offend, positively re
runs to co-onerate with us. which lends en
••ouraeemrnt to the lawless element and lm
i.rdes our progrefs toward restoration of normal
conditions. The presW-nt of the Board of Po
lice Commissioners writes me under date of tne
7th Inst. rs follows: '
"Henry Zelgenhtiii. Mayor of St. Louis, has
persistently re'iised to attend the meetings of
the Police" Hoard, of which he is a member, or
to clve vs assistance of any kind at this criti
cal period. His Honor, In spite of sundry re
ouests, has persistently refused to assist the
board ln any way and it Is the belief that the
failure to do fo has worked harm to u» in
this crisis. Especially do I deplore the fact,
as president of the Police Board, that he re
fused to issue the proper proclamation to f Keep
the peace' and for t'ie dispersing of mobs.
\«i Governor I have conscientiously and fear
leibly done my duty as my judgment directed.
I have requested that 2'00 urgency policemen
be Kworn in and that the Sheriff summon a
posse of 2.-.00 able-bodied and law-abiding citi
zens to serve under the direction of the Police
Commissioner*. It has not been deemed neces
sary up to this hour by the commissioners to
oroVr out the militia, the commissioners be
lieving that they are e.jual to the emergency.
There are only spasmodic outbreaks, which the
police and deputy sheriffs have been able to
manage. The stripping of the women to which
you refer was done'ny three KlrU between the
aees of 14 and 16. A saloon-keeper was also
arrested on B uspiclon of belns implicated. It
was not thousht best to order out the militia
to Khoot them.
The Eirls have been tried and sentenced to
terms in the Industrial homes for girls. Most
of <he newspapers In St. Louis endeavor to
stand In with the lawless element as wp!1 aa
with the better element and think it popular
to withhold support from State officers and
constantly criticise any act of the police au
thorities.
A similar strike upon the street railways was
ordered in Kansas City about the same time
the ft Louis strike was ordered, but proved n
failure' because the Mayor, the newspapers and
the Sheriff all co-operated with the Police De
partment. .
We have, four regiments in Missouri, consist
ing altnsether of about 2J00 men. The first
regiment, with two hours' notice, will be ready
for duty. The other three regiments can be
mobilized In St. Louis within ten hours. Camp
injr sites have been selected in the city and
details all arranged and an soon as I am in
formed by the proper authorities that a tumult
existR in the citv and that a condition of law
1<tfi>p!-s and disorder prevails with which the
civil authorities are unable to cope, then the
National Guard will ne called out to preserve
order ami prevent further disorder and acts
of violence without delay.
Conditions are indeed bad »nou;rV>. but ex
aggerated reports' have reached the Ka«t. I
feel the worst Is over. It was <*."»monstrat<»<l
in St. Louis when four or five strikers were
nhpt and killed that our authorities mean busi
ness. I believe that law and ordT will soin
bp restored and the good name of St. LouU and
the State will be preserved. Ninety per cent
of the rood people indorse my action since th-*
strike was declared and oppose the calling out
of the militia until St. Louis admits, even with
her police force and unlimited number of dep
uty sherlffE. she cannot at this time take care
Governor Stephens Scores Mayor Zei
g-enheim, Who, He Says, Is
Neglecting His Duty for
Political Purposes.
Police and Deputies Succeed
in Maintaining Tempo-;
rary Order.
NO RIOTING
IS ATTEMPTED
AT ST. LOUIS
-
Interest in tne Balloting Continues and the Contest
Now Lies Between the Misses
Slevers and Peters.
PREPARATORY WORK FOR
STOCKTON FAIR BEGINS
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 1900.
2
ADVEBTISI3IZUTS.
"lisfifiiTE^
Build Up the Nerves at Home.
Nj^^P?^!^ r ig£* Ji| I "mucus grant; ? /
\$k " /afn&J&^?^ ch:caso,iix. L
Y<§Z&[ PROP. Wa. C WKSSTEE, fc ilK^fK^Jt Newman. 17 4
1 \\ I - cE /r*O : i^ ' LoomJs street.
I A I 17 E.T15 BUSES ST2ICT, p || Chicago. HI., writes tho
In I CHICAGO ILL. s~ I J following in regard to Pe-
J V I * i -^ rnna. Mr. NeTrasan says:
"** -"""'^ "I took one bottle of your wonderful
v — ' medicine and have bo Improved that I feel
Professor Wm. C. Webster, principal of Hke a new person.' I am very thankful
Webster's Music School. 600 Steinway t j hoM Qf r wonderfnl remedy>
, i Tz ot ¦*£ r much ln your behaif - l
"I have used your medicine and cannot ) had > doctored for two years until I felt
say too much for it. I will recommend there was no relief.
it to anybody. I keep it in my school "My wife has taken one bottle of yonr
In case of need." grand medicine and it has helped her so
A N6W M8.H much. I find It has Improved her health
N. C. May. Oak Ridge Station. Pa,, wil1 recomm * nd !i *> any
"Mr. L P. Bailey, whose health Yours ££&£& NEwaiAK.
was impaired and who a/ways fe/t N PrvfMiq ¦nprirpqqion
tired and haggard, by m f persuasion, iNerVullS UepreSSlOIl.
began to use Feruna about a month £Z
ago, and now he looks like a difforent vous prostration and other depresssd I
man. He Says he feels 100 per cent aVe e at°all Inclined to be nervou3 or suf-
i_j. it UP Mr,,. ?er from weak nerves find this month es-
OBuer. n. u. ma/. pecially trying. Sultry heat and electrical
Those desiring a free book on the cause i disturbances of the atmosphere la proba-
of nerve weakness?, anaemia and other i bly the cause of this.
devitalizing diseases should address The ' Invalids need tr> be particularly careful
Peruna Medicine Company, Columbus, ! during the month c.f July to fortify the
Ohio. ! rervous system by the u?t» of Peruna.INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.. June 11.— The of
ficial count of the 'ballots cast for officers
of the International Typographical" Union
has been - completed : for the first half of
the ticket. The count shows:
For rresldent-S. B. Donnelly, New York,
DCC6: James M. Lynch. Syracuse. 14.H3. -
, First vice president— C. E. Hawkes. Chicago.
10 o60- J W. Hays, Minneapolis. 9064; S.-lZ
Lefflngwell. Indianapolis. 3557.
Fourth vice president— T. J. Canary. New
York. 10.913: C H- Menaush, fct. Louis. 9^5.
Sec'retary-tr easurer "~ J ' < W- Bramwood, Den
ver ' *0 *77 ' ' ¦
TrustVes Union Printers' Home— William
Almlson. Nashville, 13,423; Daniel Black. De
troit 11.5U: "J° hn A - Churchill. Philadelphia.
i&%-\ E. \V. Patton. Columbia. Washington,
8840 : fi. T. rfund.. Hartford. 6S39: L. C. Shep
ard. Chicago. 9076: R. L. Tatem. Philadelphia.
6510:: J. W. .White, , Kansas City, 8678; -Bernard
Wolf. 7272.
The four receiving the highest votes for
trustees were elected. .
President Donnelly returned to-day from
Pittsburgh where he called a < meeting of
the national executive council. The coun
cil'."called off" the strike involving six of
the leading newspapers at Pittsburgh
BERLIN, June 11.— From a high official
cf the Foreign Office the correspondent
cf the Associated Press received the fol
lowing statement to-day respecting Ger
many's attitude in the Far East:
"Germany adheres to her idea of joint
action by the powers in China. Thus far
the powers have been acting together
harmoniously, and there is no indication
that any power means to take a separate
advantage. The German Foreign Office
lias received no official proof, nor any
evidence tending to show that the Era
press* DowageY is martins common cause
with the Boxers. Indeed, Baron von Ket
taler, German Minister in Peking, not
long ago forwarded a copy of an Imperial
decree against the Boxers. It is another
question, of course, whether the Empre«s
uses adequate means for suppressing the
revolt, and also whetner within her Im
mediate entourage anti-European influ
ences are at work. .
"The instructions that have . been sent
to the chief -«f the German squadron, Ad
miral von Bendemann. are comprehensive
enough-: to .-meet -the requirements of the
case. If necessary a' third marine bat
talion will be dispatched ' from Kiaochau
to Peking, but no more ships.'-'
United States Embassador White says
that the only question now pending be
tween the embassy and the German For
eign Office is the negotiations regarding
the jurisdiction of the United States Con
sul at Kiaocbau and in the German sphere
of influence. The matter presents: some
features of Interest, because the Consuls
have hitherto had extraterritorial Juris
diction, as in barbaric lands. .The purpose
of.the negotiations, which are proceeding
eatisf actorily , is to modify; ; the : jurisdic
tion so as to suit the new conditions.
NO POWER MEANS TO
TAKE SEPARATE ADVANTAGE
DELCASSE EXPLAINS
CHINESE SITUATION
PARIS. Jnr.<? 1!.— In the Chnmber of
Deputies thia afternoon. M. Denys Cochin.
• "onserviitJvc. asked the Oovemment if
adequate measures lia*i been taken to ar
rest the insurrection In China and protect
the French Mag. The Minister of I-orcign
Affairs. M. Delcasacu replying said Cbira
wa* a country of secret societies and that
any one of tiio-c pave tho signal for the
ir.Eurrcr.ion. The acts of lhe rebels, he
added, choired that for tlicm the enemy Is
Western civilization. They attack
schools. mi«-!';n5. mlirr.flds and tele
graphs and the movement has became one
of peril for foreigners and even at
Peking the insurrection has Its employes
who are ready to join it. Continuing the
Foreign Minister said:
"A community of danger dictates to the
powers their resolutions. I wish to set
arWe all * question cf dH-orgcnt views
&mnn*T them. What I affirm Is that the
surest guarentc-c of safely for each is a
united front. Jf the Chinese Government
docs not'seek to repress the, insurrection,
of wiu<.-» It appears neither alarmed nor
even surprised, it must expect new and
grave misfortunes. I have placed at the
disposition of the French Minister all our
naval forces In Chinese waters, and have
Instructed him to keep in constant com
munication with his diplomatic col
leagues, among whom the most cotriplete
accord has not ceased to reign. The lega
tions have 'ust notified the Government
cf cnir.a aijd the Dowager Empress that
an rnd must be put to this peril which
denaecs the empire and European Inter-
ests. Otherwise the powers will act for
themselves."
The Foreign Minister also said that
riots nf the same nature had occurred en
the frrjitier of Tonquln, and, far from
subsiding, the agitation had redoubled
and the French Consul had been com
j*e3K-<l to leave his post. The Minister
then remarked:
"I -advised him that a .detachment of
troop:* was held at his disposition If he
no<?d(-d them. We wish To defend our
economic interests and are not thirsting
for conquest.^"
In response to another Inquiry, M. Del
cn^sc laid strep? on the fact that the
most complete understanding exited be
tween the powers for the defense of
Europeans and the legations.
A cablegram from the French Bishop of
Peking '.ias been received to-day by the re
ligious order of the Lazarlst. announcing
uiat its missionaries and Fisters are safe.
APPEAL OF AMERICAN
MISSIONARIES FOR AID
NEW YORK, June 11.— The following
cable from Peking was received to-day at
the Methodist Episcopal Board:
PEKING. June 11.— Massacre native
Christians. Situation foreigners critical.
Press Washington. DAVIS. .
GAMEWELL.
This came directly from the missionary
society at Peking, of which Messrs. Davis
and Gamewell are in charge. A copy of
the message was immediately sent to
President McXinley. In repeating the ca
ble message to the President. Rev. A. . B.
Leonard of tbe Missionary Kocjcty added:
"This means our people are in great peril
and greatly need such protection aa our
Government can afford."
RIOT RAISED AMONG
QUARANTINED CHINESE
The Spirit of Unrest in the Celestial Quarter Was Aroused
at the Sight of Coffins.
Delegates Called to Order in California Hall by President
Donovan— Unusual Large Attendance
C\ AKLAND, June 11.— The biennial
\] State convention of the Ancient
/ Order of Hibernians assembled this
afternoon at California Hall, where
a welcome to the many visiting delegates
was extended by the divisions of Alameda
County. The attendance was large, a
fact commented upon by several speak
ers as savoring well for the organization.
The Alameda County members have ar
ranged ' much entertainment, for their
guests during the, convention.
There is a great* deal of work mapped
out for the committees, and this, together
\tllh the various contests that are on for
State officers, lends more than routine in
terest to the proceedings.
State President J. J. Donovan called the
convention to order at 1 o'clock. Rev. D.
O. Crowley, .State chaplain, offered pray
er, after which President Donovan" deliv
ered an address. He commented upon the
large numberof delegates in attendance
and the manifest zeal they were exhibit
ing in the work of the order. N He believed
the presence of so many members
auguiod well. The president made special
reference to the Alameda County divisions
Hr.d extended the thanks of the conven
tion to them for the admirable arrange
ments which had been made for the com
fort and entertainment of the convention
delegates.
Prank McAllister of. Oakland was ap
pointed sergeant-at-arms.
Father Crowley Makes an Address.
Upon solicitation Chaplain Crowley ad
dressed the convention with: "In the
name of the Rev. Michael King, in whose
parish the convention is assembled, I
bid you welcome to Oakland."
He continued - with a reminder to the
delegates of their duties, referring to the
objects of the order and urging them to
live up to the aims of the organization.
Continuing he said:
"The past of the order has been a glori
ous one, but the future demands even
more. We must in California look for
ward to the upbuilding of this organiza
tion that it may strengthen as in the East,
where it numbers more than 1*00,000 mem
bers.
"No other Irish-American society in the
United States possesses such old and glo
rious traditions. In the days of religious
persecutions our predecessors were the de
fenders of the old faith, when the Eng
lish Government set the same price on the
wolf and the priest.
"In our own glorious country, where lib
erty of conscience is guaranteed to all,
our society has a twofold mission. It
must be strenuous in its efforts to uphold
and perpetuate our free institutions and
to aid and succor our more needy and less
fortunate members. Unity, harmony und
charity should mark the proceedings of
the convention."
Talks by Other Delegates.
Addresses were also delivered by Rev.
J. B. McNally of West Oakland; Thomas
Hickey. orator of St. Patrick's day; ex-
State President Canty of Texas. Jchn
: O'Gara and Michael Nlhlll of San Jose.
State Secretary Edward I. Sheehan, who
was a delegate to the national convention
at Boston, read a report of the proceed
ings there.
The convention sent a congratulatory
telegram to the Ladles' Auxiliary Con
vention, in session in Ean Francisco.
The following committees were ap
pointed:
Credentials — J. Tynan of Los Angeles. J. Dun
niclirr. \V. J. O'Brien. P. Dinneen. E.' J.
Murphy. J. Coughlan, James Farrell, W.
Murphy.
Laws— J. Tynan. John O'Gara, Frank Mc-
Allister, James Farr*II. "W. Murphy. W. Fltz
ecrald. J. r>unnlcllff. P. Cavanaugh.
State of the order— C. J. McCarthy. T. J.
Cunningham. Thomas McNally, W. Murphy.
F. Ryan, \V. Fitztrerald.
Finance— T. J. Cunningham, J. H. O'Brien.
James Smith. Michael Nlhill, John Rooney, W.
J. O'Brien. J. Dunnlctlfl. P. Dlnneen. .
Rules ar.d order of business — T. J. Desmond.
P. Cavar.auKh. M. McKegney, W. Fitzgerald.
R. S. Shlpston.
Resolutions— John Kenney. T. J. Desmond,
Thomas Hickey. J. H. Crecan. M. McKe^ney.
Press — C. B. Flanagan. McKanney. Canty.
Delegates to the Convention.
Follov/ing are the delegates to the State
convention:
Rev. D. O. Cro-wley. State chaplain: J. J.
Donovan, State president; Edward I. Sheehan.
State secretary, and John P. Henry, State
treasurer. -
San Francisco: Division Not 2— Hartley Lee.
M. F. Donleavy. T. L. Clancy. John Kenny. M.
C. Gorham. No. 3— M. J. i'anningr. James
Burns. M. H. McCafTerty. P. J. fc?heehy. J. J.
Donahue. No. 6 — Thomas J. Norton. Captain
M. J. Wrin, Charles J. Collins. J. R. Shanahan,
John Hagerty. Xo. S— J. J. Moran. Charles Mc-
Crystle, John W. Shinfcvfln, J. H. Maglnnis,
Frank Conklin. No. 9 — J. C. Ryan. James C.
Dalv. Edward Nolan. Frank Uoland. Michael
Whelton. No. "10— John Coughlin, George J.
Lowe. J. H. Dolan, M. Donohoe. John Dcnohoe.
No 11— Daniel Fitzpatrick. John Brer.nar., E.
D. Sullivan. B. J. Nolan. William Callopy. Xo.
12 John P. Dlgnan. Thomas Searey, Charles
Hurley. Thomas Doyle, J. F. Renault. No. H —
John P. Henry, John P. liannerman. Dr.
Charles J. McCarthy, P. J. Kelleher. P.
i O'Brien. Xo. 17— M. Duane, II. O'Mahoney,
' John O'Gara. M. E. McDonnell R. S. Shepston.
¦ No. 20 — Kucene O'Connor. Patrick Maloney.
William O'ShauEhnessy, M. E. MoEvoy. John
O'Nell.
Los Angeles County— P. J. McCarthy, M. J.
McGarry P. J. O'Connor. T. J. Cunningham,
' T. J. McGonigle. D. M. McGarry.
Monterey County — Thomas Conley. John IL
Cunan. James F. Rlordan. XIartin Wallace.
Nevada County — J. Dunnicliff. O. C. Conlan,
Jchn B. Byrne, Rev. P. J. Cllne, T. H. Carr,
M. Hanly.
Oakland: Division Xo. 1— M. H. McGuire.
Con Nolan. Thomas Walsh. Georse Shields. B.
DufTey. No. 2— P. S. McCarthy. R. Heaney, A.
Lynn J. J. Pennam, Edmond J. Murphy. N'o.
3— T J. Desmond. B. MoManus. J. Brien. James
Smith Xo. 4-Frank McAllister. John Kenny.
\V J Cashln, Charles E. McCarthy. Michael
Murphy. No 5 (Berkeley)— J. M. Doyle. M. C.
llahoney. J. Hallon. T. Devirje. M. J Pj^er.
No. 6— John Forrest. M. Coakley, J. R. Kelly.
P Ryan. James Keller.
Santa Cruz County-P. Dorsey. Michael
Curry John Rooney. Edward Griffith, William
Murphy. Patrick Neary. ,.„,.,
Santa Clara County— Division No. 1— ..Ilchael
Nlhill Thomas McNally, James Mulally. John
Guerin Martin Dalton. No. 2-Jnmes Farrell.
Patrick Lenahan. James Lcgue, Thomas Car
ney. Matthew Crowe. Xo. 3-T..R Dougherty,
r. F. Mrllahon. John W. Clute. H. J. Dougrh
"sa'cramento 1 County— W. O'Brien. William
Ryan. Michael Butler, George Rlppcn, Owen
Sheridan, Michael E<ran.
Solano County-P. Dlneen. F. J. Fersuson J.
Brosnahan. J. J- Dolan. J. cavanaugh. T. V.
Tills cvcnlnc an entertainment and ball
were Riven in~Re<xl Hall. The programme
included an illustrated . " Ptereoptlcon lec
ture on a "Tour of Ireland." with vocal
and instrumental music, by Professop
Sandy. Sullivan and Lowe, and Irish Jig
dancihs: by O'Connor and Keller.
The delegates will attend mass in a body
to-morrow morning at 8:30 o'clock at the ;
Church of the. Immaculate Conception.
The celebrant will be Father Kinjr. with
Father Morrison as deacon and Father
Nolan sub'leacon. There will be business
sessions of the convention during the day,
and an election of State officers during the
afternoon for the ensuing two years.
The Alameda County divisions will give
a banquet at California Hall to-morrow
eveninp in honor of the visitors.
The contest for State president Js be
tween Frank Conklin of Division No. 6 of
San Frnr.cisco anffJnhn P. Dignan of Di
vision No. 12 of San Francisco. (
HIBERNIAN STATE CONVENTION
IS IN SESSION IN OAKLAND
GRAND. RAPIDS, Mich.. June 11.— One
of. the largest crowds of people ever as
sembled in Grand Rapids greeted Admiral
and Mrs. Dewey aa their special train
rolled Into. the Union depot-from Detroit
this afternoon. Trie party went . immedi
ately to the Morton House under the es
cort of Edwin F. Uhl, former Embassa
dor to Germanv. The admiral and Mrs
Dewey later went for a drive through the
suburbs 'of the city. : accompanied by
Mayor Perry and Congressman Smith. In
the evening they were the center of at
traction at a public reception in the City
To-morrow the admiral will , review - a
monster, pageant, the principal feature of
•wnlch will be - the gaily , uniformed divi
sions of the : Maccabees, » who are holding
their State encampment here.
Says the Cuban Atmosphere as to
Public Service Is One of Lies
and Deceptions.
WASHINGTON, June n.— General Lud
low. formerly Governor of Havana, . ha?
made a report to the War Department
denying the recently published statement
directly charging Brigadier Surgeon .Ma
jor Davis with having accepted bribes to
influence his official action while acting
as sanitary officer of the city of Havana.
The geaeral's opinion is shown by the fol
lowing Ixtract from hi3 report:
The Cuban atmosphere ns to the public service
is one of !l*s and -deceptions; accusations are
many and proofs are few; but seldom can the
actual fact3 be obtained and verified. Feople
will cay almo.u anything, but will refuse to
glfcn a statement or be sworn to it. In partic
ular are fome of the newspapers void of verity
or virtue. Most nf them serve personal Inter
ests WLZtd der^end for their Income not on their
legitimate sale? of issues and and advertising,
but u?on receipts from purchased space to
avoid public tiander or exposure. The evil of
falsity ar.d false accusations is widespread and
profound, and It .will require a long time to
eradicate It from the community in jreneral.
The American officers in Cuba have had all
this to contend with, and nothing but absolute
openness of conduct and sincerity of purpose
of speech 'and action can protect them from it.
It would be a waste -of time to try to hunt
clown the swarm of -Irresponsible statements
perpetually . In circulation and eagerly picked
up from the streets and cafes by the em
ployes of a sensational press.
ADMIRAL AND MRS. DEWEY
greetIdat grand rapids
Keports cf Committees Show That
Good Progress Has Been Made
During the Past Year.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. June 11.— The attendance at
the Seventh Day Ad ventists' encampment
is increasing. Three meetings are held
each day, and the various topics dis
cussed attract attention. Reports of vari
ous show good progress dur
ing the past year.
"1'h.e following oif.cers have been selected
for the California Conttrence for the
coming year: President, Elder Clarence
Santee; secretary, J. J. Ireland; treasurer.
Pacific Press Publishing Company; audi
tor. Mrs. L. M. Hall; executive commit
tee—Clarence Santee, R. S. Owen, George
A. Snyder, M. M. Brown, C. N. Muruii,
C. M. Gardner* and J. W. Uagby.
Elder Knox, who has been at the head
of the conference for several years, has
retired to accept the superintendency of
General Conference District No. 6, com
prising California, Nevada, Oregon.
Washington, Idaho. Montana and Utah.
Henry Scott was elecu-d president of the
California Sunday School Association.
Other ollicials are: Vice president, G. W.
Rine; secretary and treasurer. Miss Edith
King. Additional members of the execu
tive committee are M. H. Brown and Al
vin Kellogg.
Ministerial licenses were granted to the
following: F. R. Schaeffer, Professor E.
S. Ballenger, A. M. Dart, Henry Scott.
M. E. Cady. G. Rauleder, F. H. -Watson,
R. W. Miller. G. B. Douglass, Alvin Kel
logg, A. Brorson. Charles T. Everson, K.
D. Gautereau, Milton St. John and J. W.
McCord. Missionary licenses were grant
ed to twenty-nine i-thers.
The credentials committee reported the
grantins .of ;ninisteri?.l credentials to the
following: Elders N. C. McClure. H. A.
St. John. J. O. Corliss, J. W. Bagby, G.
A. Snyder. C. X. Martin, M.- C. Israel, H.
F. Courier, J. M. Wllloughby, W. N.
Glenn. J. A. Burden. B. F. Rich-
F. Courter. J. M. Willouehby. W. X. Rich
ards. H. G. Thurston, C. M. Gardner, J.
S. Harmon, F. M. Burg. D. C. Hunter, C.
Santee, W. M. Healey, C. L. Taylor. L. P.
Jacobson, R. S. Owen, S. Thurston and A.
O. Tait.
ZUMWALT'S VICTIMS
ARE LAID TO REST
Mother, Son and Infant Grandchild
Buried in the Sams
Grave.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PLACERVILLE. June 11.— The funeral
of Mrs. Julia A. Zumwalt, George Zum
walt, her son, and the infant daughter of
George Zumwalt, the victims of last
Thursday night's fearful tragedy, took
place at the residence of the late George
Zumwalt. near Diamond Springs. Citi
zens of this city who have resided here
since pioneer days say that without doubt
the attendance was the largest of any
funeral ever heid in the county.
The services were conducted by Rev.
C..C. Pierce, who delivered an impressive
sefmon. All three were burled In the same
grave. The baby daughter was placed in
the same casket vrith the father, the child
resting on his arm— a pathetic sight that
moved nearly every one in the large as
semblage to tears. The caskets were cov
ered and surrounded by hundreds of beau
tiful floral pieces brought by hosts of
jsympathizing friends.
Zumwalt has retained ex-District Attor
ney Prentiss Carpenter of this city to de
fend him. He has been claiming since his
incarceration in the County Jail in this
city to have J1C0O in coin and gold dust
buried near his formrr homo. To-day
Deputy Sheriffs Houx and MUly, accom
panied by two of Zumwalt's tons, took
him out to the scene of the tragedy. On
arriving- at the place Zumwalt became
greatly excited, and either because insane
or feigned insanity, making no effort to
unearth his burled treasure, he was
brought back and placed in the steel cage
where he has been confined since the night
of the tragedy. It is thought here that
without doubt the defense made in his be
half will be insanity.
LUDLOW DEFENDS
SURGEON' MAJOR DAVIS
An Eclipse of the Moon
Scheduled for This
Evening.
rs PABTIAI* eclipse of the
/"*. moon, visible generally
throughout North and South
America, Europe .and Africa,
takes place to-night, which,
if weather conditions are fa
vorable, may be seen in all
parts of California.
The phenomenon is of little /
importance from an astronom
ical point of -view, -but of gen
eral interest from the fact that
it occurs in the early part of
the evening, when so many
people may see it without in
. convenience. Only about one
one-hundredth of the diameter
"on the southern extremity of
the moon will be totally ob
scured, but the darkened space
will be much more extended.
The moon will enter the"
penumbra at 7:15 p. m. and
the shadow at 9:24, and leave
the shadow at 0:32 and the
penumbra at 11:41 p. m.
OFFICERS ELECTED BY
SEVENTH DAY ADVENTISTS
LUNA'S FACE WILL
BE PARTLY HIDDEN
THE : SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 1900.
LYNCH CHOSEN. TO -LEAD
TYPOGRAPHICAL UNION
Official Count of the Ballots for the
First Half of the Ticket
Completed.
3
Poiica Driving 1 Away the Mischief Makers.
Chinese riot at the sight of
coffins.
Board of Health decides to
raise the quarantine in tirenty
days from the* last case.
Six Companies' physicians
nay make autopsies.
v—r-ilLE spirit of unrest that has been j
growing in Chinatown broke out In j
an incipient riot last even'r.?. and it ;
was not until policemen charged the I
crowds with clubs that the cnruly Slon-
Cc'lans were content to remain quiet.
The cause of the rict was an attempt to
get a lead of coffins through the lines to
an undertaking establishment on Sacra
mento street, just w«t of Dupont. kept
by Wor.g Tong. The cart carrying the
coffins drove up to the line at Washing
ton ar.d KearTiV streets, and as soon as the \
Chinese inride learned what the load was
they gathered from every side and
blocked the street to prevent the wagon's j
passage. They declared by gesture and in j
vehement Chinese that the coffins should j
never be permitted to enter Chinatown.
As there were over two hundred angry j
Mongolians in the crowd the driver of the i
wagon turned his horses away and s.-mpht ¦
for an opening elsewhere, while the Chi
nese, convinced that they had frightened I
him away, hung- around the corner and j
talked earnestly among themselves. When {
they learned, however, that the wagon ;
¦with its gTfcwsome load had entered the i
quarantined section by another way they !
set off up the street, heading for the un- !
dertaker's shop, where they knew the cof- J
fins were goir.g. The wagon was standing j
outside the place and the crowd fell upon {
it. and dumped the colSns into the street. I
Then, not content with the wreck of the
coffins, they entered the shop and pro
ceeded to wreck that aJso. They tore out
«11 the hangings, throw the furniture into !
the street axid broke up everything they
could lay their liar:ds on.
Police S'cring Clubs.
In the rr.eartirro word was sent to the
central station that There was trouble in
Chinatown and Cap:&!:i Witt man hurried i
down there. He took tr.rce men and a_ '
eergeant from the petrolling squad— Svr- :
c ear.t Christiansen and Patrolmen Kin?. ',
Kramer ar.d Purvis— ar;<5 charged into the :
middle of the bowUns inoi> outside the •
undertaker's. These were o\/r three hun- !
<Ired in the crowd by the time the police ;
arrived, but they went In with tiuir j
clubs poing ar.d with no lost time. The j
Chinese scattered in every direction, but '
the police pursued them as far as they j
were a.b!e and within a few minutes the |
street was clear. Then Lhe police hurried j
dawn to the corner cf Washington a:id [
Kearny streets, where part of the crowd j
that originally K&ihertu thorc still re
mained, i-f-fl Uxl* they smttere-d as they
had scattered the crowd on Sacramento j
FtreeL Heads were not spared nor was
f^trer.gth and there was many an aching j
head s*e'kir.g a soft pt.iow hi Chinatown
iiie police were unusually severe, but
the ca.se demanded it. Rioting, under the
strained conditions that exist in China
town just now. cannot be permitted and
the police have decided to spare no one
who is caught making trouble. Every
thing Js favorable to the brewing of
trouble inside the quarantine lines, and
the special police are not considered able
to do anything in the face of it. Out
breaks are likely to occur at any time,
and the police will work on the theory
that to attack the crowds? vigorously as
scon as they form is the only way to pre
vent serious happenings. It was ex
plained that the Chinese did not want to
see the coffins come in because they
feared it would lead to the report that
deaths were numerous. - ¦
The End in Sight.
There is an end in sight, however, for
the Board of Health has decided that in
twenty days from the verification of the
last case the quarantine will be raised.
The following resolution was adopted by
the board yesterday:
Jtesoived. That It Is the sense of this Board
of Health thai the jlag-ue quarantine at present
in force in that section of the city and county
known as Chinatown be CitccnUnued and ter
minated on the twentieth day from and after
the verification of the la.«t ascertained cas».
this board reserving, however, the right to con
tinue fuch quarantine as long aa the disoo\ery
or fresh cases may make the same necessary or
exp.?i'.ier.t.
It was Introduced very gingerly and
onlv after a report by Dr. Chalmers, the
chief sanitary inspector, had been called
for. The scant business cf the meeting
having been attended to, the doctors
waited expectantly for something to hap
pen.
"I think we might have a report from
Dr. Chalmers on the condition of the
quarantined section," remarked Dr. Wil
liamson, apropos of nothing and forget
ting the fact that a report of Dr. Chal
mers' had just been reaa.
"Yes. let us have a report," seconded
several of the physicians, and Dr. Chal
mers rose and told what a clean place
Chinatown was getting to be.
"It is improving from day to day?" sug
gested Dr. Williamson.
"Tea," said Mr. Chalmers.
"And the work is nearly done?" ven
tured Dr. Buckley.
"It will be done in four days," replied
Dr. Chalmers.
"And thcrre are no suspicious cases?"
put in Chief Kullivan.
"Xc, there are r.one." answered Dr.
Chalmers and then Dr. Buckley, the
foundation having been laid, offered h!s
resolution, saying. "Then in pursuance of
Dr. CtutlmcTB* report 1 offer the following
resolution," ju=t as if Dr. Chalmers' re
port was a complete surprise to him and
made nil the difference in the v.orld. •
The last care was a Chinese drug clerk,
Trho di*>d a week ago Saturday. His case
was reported as being the plague on Sun
clay at the board meeting and the next
day Monday, it was reported to the board
thai the diagnosis had been verified. This
moans that if there be no further case the
quarantine will be raised on Sunday. June
24. that 1« if it be not Knocked out sooner
by the Federal court.
Restraining Order Extended.
It received somewhat of a Vlow yester
day frcm Judge Morrow: not the quaran
tine, but one of Its collateral issues. There
is a temporary restraining order. that .pre
vents the Board of Health from keeping
the physicians of the Six Companies out
side the lines, and on motion of the at
torrioys for ihe Chinese this order waa
extended to prevent the ¦Uoard of Health
from interfering with those physicians
when they wish to make un autopsy on
ar.y patient th<»y have been caring for
nas Dren denied tnem.
Governor Gage has not yet made his re
port to Secretary Hay. but it will be In
before long. He has been in constant cor
respondence with Washington in regard
to the situation, and it seems evident that
the Federal authorities are taking a deep
interest in the condition of things out
here.
In dispatches of last evening It was re
ported that the Chinese Minister in Wash
ington had submitted a claim to the Gov
ernment demanding $.T\000 a day for every
day that the quarantine had been on- in
Chinatown of this city. Ho Yow, the Chi
nese Consul in this city, denies the etory.
He said last night that he had advices
from Washington in regard to the report,
and they Informed him that no such claim
had been made and he did not believe any
such claim would be made. Governor
Gage was asked if he had heard of any
action of the kind on the part of the Chi
nese Minister, but he would not discuss
the subject.
MINISTERS ASK THAT
QUARANTINE BE RAISED
Clergymen of All Denominations
Petition the. Board of Health to
That Effect.
A committee consisting of Rev. Dr. Xeed
ham and Rev. W. M. Woodward appeared
before the Board of Health yesterday af
ternoon and submitted resolutions asking
that body to raise the general Quarantine
in Chinatown and simply place a quaran
tine aroum. .louses wherein the disease is
said to exist. The resolutions were first
adopted yesterday morning at the meeting
of the Methodist Episcopal ministers and
later indorsed at the meeting of the min
isterial quarantine committee, which is
composed of clergymen of different de
nominations.
Rev. Dr. Bovard's work In Chinatown
was highly commended at' the meeting.
In a short talk which he delivered to the
assembled ministers Dr. Bovard told of
the intense feeling which existed in Chl
natotvn because or the enforced imprison
ment of the Celestials. He feared that it
v.ould eventually result in riot. He de
plored the fact that the business of 10,000
Chinese was paralyzed and he called on
the ministers to exert their influence to
j have the Board of Health raise the quar
antine. The speaker also called attention
I to the fact that rations were distributed
j to -HA) Chinese and that nearly 500 others
1 wen hunsr-.
Rev. "William Rader, pastor of the Third
! Congregational Church, is expected home
from Europe within a few days. He will
occupy his pulpit on Sunday next, after a
long absence from the city.
Rev. W.- L. Curtis and Miss Mary F.
Demon, missionaries recently returned
from Japan, addressed the Congregational
ministers yesterday on their work in that
country."
Rev. R. F. Rr-ynolds delivered an ad
dress before the Presbyterian ministers on
the work of the General Assembly. Rev.
I. M. Condit also told of the revival meet
ings now being/ held in the Presbyterian
Chinese . Mission Church. He said the
meetings were largely attended because of
the plague scare in that quarter.
Rev. Drs. Hammond, Dille and Mat
thews, who have just returned from Chi
cago, whore they attended the sessions of
the General Conference, reviewed the work
of that body before the Methodist minis
ters' meeting yesterday morning. •
Chaplain Stephen R. Wood will speak
in the Richmond Congregational Church
next Friday evening on his experiences in
tha T>hl!lnnin(»i.
Two Prominent Hibernians at the Bisnnia! Convention.
I £p££55FHE union label on clothing guar- -E
H (\i|i|L antees precisely the things which R?
M iSiiiC every careful man wants. It guar- M
H antees the making, as the cloth- %&
II Jng is made by men who know how — p
H thorough, trained, skilled union men. It *f*j
% guarantees the condition under which the ||
<i clothing is made; all union labeled clothing fP
H is made in light, airy workshops, where ||j
|i cleanliness reigns supreme. p.l
1 1 We have some union-made clothing pa
!? to which we want to call your particular
|| attention. ' It comprises suits and over- If
I I suit] 3>O« 0g > |overcoat| jf|
|§ • We had some broken sizes among the 'ijfj
H suits and overcoats, so marked them down
8 from $i2.£o and $\ £.00, which is always our ||
|a custom when sizes become broken. Al- £ii|
H though the sizes are not complete in all the M
|| patterns, every s : ze is represented in the @|
H Here is the assortment: The suits com- |«
I prise cheviots, serges and clay worsteds in , ||
U single and double breasted styles over- { M
f| coats come in kerseys, coverts, oxford grays ||
H and cheviots. The clothing bears our liberal |:|
H] \toney returned if you want it ; or ||
;'v Clothes kept in repair free for one year. $3
1 Boys' Washable Suits, i
pQ A washable suit is what the boy n;sis for vacation w:ar. fM
S| H: can romp and play and git his clothts soiled, and washing fM
*3w| makes them gcoJ as n:w azain. Two suits will givs a boy $U
$| good wi:.r through th'e summ:r. They are made of covert
H doth In four shades, ages 3 to 10 years, sal.'o: blouse, sal.'or ff|
|H pants, handsomely braided. Price jga
&|| Out-of-town orders filled— wriie us right away. IllPROMINENT REPRESENTATIVES AT GRAND PARLOR.
After Enjoying a Band Concert Delegates Renew
Old Friendships and a Little Political
"Wire Pulling" Is Done.
JACKSON WARMLY WELCOMES
VISITING NATIVE DAUGHTERS
SALVADOR IN FAVOR OF
THE ISTHMIAN CANAL
Sepublic's Ex-President Says Its In
terest in the Matter Is Identical
With America's.
WASHINGTON. June 11.— Ex-President
Zaldivar of Salvador, who recently came
here as Minister of that country-. In the
course of an interview to-day spoke of the
policy of Salvador toward the isthmian
canal.
"Our Interests In the !nteroceanic canal
.are much the tame as those of the United
Etatos." said he. "We want the canal be
causc it would be of vast benefit to all
Central America, giving work to thou
sands and ending- internal troubles by
keeping everybody busy. But we want it
mainly because Salvador has no ports on
the Atlantic. With a canal opened our
grotKis would be Joadc-d at our Pacific ports
and th^n going through the canal would
have the Atlantic markets before them.
We use- American machinery, tools and
agricultural implements, preferring them
to all other makes, and are getting them
even now at better rates than those of
fered by European manufacturing centers.
FIRST MATE KILLED AND
SEAMAN FATALLY SHOT
Result of Trouble on Board the Ital
ian Bark Pieta in Port at *
Pensaoola.
PENSACOLA, Fla.. June 11— As the re
sult of a fight on board the Italian bark
Pieta, in port here, G. Scotto, the
first tnate of the vessel, is dead
Seaman Rafael Plsaro was fatally Injured
and Captain Vasella and another seaman
were slightly wounded. Pisaro went on
deck after shore leave, apparently with
the dete-nnlnation to exterminate tho
w . h .?. le C I? W - H * flrst assaulted the mate
with a dirk, and then turned on the cap
tain, and in doing so was shot by the
mate.
Once Wealthy Chicago Business Man
Ends His Life.
DBHTKS CABBOUIC ACID.
CHICAGO. June 11.— John D. Weber, at
one time one of the most prominent and
wealthy business men In Chicago, com
mitted suicide to-day by drinking carbolic
acid. Weber lost most of his fortune in
the great fire of 1871 and the financial
panic of 1S73. . Recently; he had become
deaf and almost blind, and this made him
despondent. He was 7S years old.
Imprisoned in a Well.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June 11.— Last Friday
morning Anpelo Messenot}, while polnj? to
work a couple of miles "from- town, fell
Into a well, which fortunately was drv
lie remained in the well until Sunday
morning without food, -when he, was res
cued by Pedro Antoni, .who happened to
pass and heard a faint cry. for help. - Mes
senoti has recovered from the effects of
his terrible experience.
Special IMsr>*tch to The Ca«.
IX)S ANGKL.ES, June 1L— Owing to the
numerous complaints made by census
enumerators that fashionable dames re
fuse to answer questions propounded by
"Uncle Sam's servitors an appeal has been
mace to the Washington authorities for
aid. Supervisor Frank F. Davis has been
informed by Director Merriam to haul
these disobedient hlphborns Into court
that they may be dealt with according to
section 22 of the census law. The result
of these telegraphic instructions bids fair
to be several criminal prosecutions that
¦will make the court chambers resemble a
fashionable drawing-room with an ex
clusive tea 1n progress, minus pink napery
and the customary social debutantes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN HAFAEL. June U.— Edward Wat
pon had a. narrow escape from serious In
jury at th? hands of infuriated Chinamen
nt the shrimp fisheries at Point San Pe
dro. Watson is taking the census of the
Chinese cajnps in that vicinity and the
Chinamen mistook him for a quarantine
efflcer. Some practical Joker had been
telling the Chinese that the Government
va_« golr.g to quarantine the fisheries.
This exasperated the Mongolians, and
•when Watson came along asking quep
tior.s and wearing his badge the popula
tion of the camp swarmed about him In a
threatening manner.
Watson saw his danger and made, an
effort to escape. He had left a saddle
horse a short distance from the camp and
taking to his heels he ran in that direc
tion. A band of fully 2'fl infuriated Celes
tials followed him. and it wns only by
<lint of th? hardest sprinting that the
census taJcer reached his horse and gal
loped at top speed to San Rafael.
Watson Is now looking for an interpre
ter tn po among the Chinamen and ex
plain his mission. He hopes in this way
to peoure the rei urns without further rlsk-
Ir.g hts life. Only a short time ago a body
of etudents picnicking in the vicinity
were mistaken for health inspectors by
the Chinamen, who armed themselves and
prepared for resistance. The students
•were warned to keep away from the vi
cinity, un4 by doing so avoided a conflict.
SOCIETY DAMES MAY BE
HALED INTO COURT
Camp.
Slob of Enraged Celestials Attack
Him and Drive Him From the
Point San Pedro Fishing
Edward Watson Mistaken
for a Quarantine
Officer.
ANGRY CHINESE
THREATEN LIFE OF
CENSUS TAKER
Agent Fears an Uprising May Occur
as Besult of the Arrest of
Alleged Messiah.
MINNEAPOLIS. June 1L— Word was re
ceived in Minneapolis to-day that there
was danger of another Indian uprising at
Leech Lake. An Indian giving the name
of Way-Tay-Gonce appeared at the Leech
Lake agency recently and announced that
he was the messlah. He said that all of
his descendants. Indians and white men,
who lived in houses -were soon to be de
stroyed by a big cyclone, but all Indians
who lived in tepees would be saved.
The man secured the confidence of many
of the Indians, who had such faith in
him that about two hundred left the
agency and went Into camp on Squaw
Point- • The matter gradually grew so
serious that Captain Mercer, the Indian
agent, sent out and had Way-Tay-Gonce
arrested.
The other Indians remain on Squaw
Point and are becoming ugly. They make
many threats and as there are no troops
at the agency trouble Is feared.
FIRE VOLLEYS TO QUELL
REVOLT OF PRISONERS
Inmates of the Penitentiary at San
Juan Subdued by Effective
Means.
BAN JUAN. Porto Rico. June 11.— Five
hundred Inmates of the penitentiary here
mutinied to-day, refusing to take break
fast or work. They asserted that the food
was not fit to eat and the leader struck
thp warden In the face.
The penitentiary Is guarded by a de
tachment of twenty members of the Porto
Rico regiment, and the jail authorities,
fearing that the convicts had planned a
concerted movement to break jail, called
In the guard. Thereupon the prisoners
attempted to rush the troops, who fired
three volleys at the wall or in the air.
Three of the inmates were injured by
splinters, though not seriously.
The military authorities then called out
a company of regulars. This assistance,
however, was not asked for by the civil
authorities, and the native company had
quelled the disturbance before the reg
ulars arrived.
TROUBLES OF THE STAFF.
General de lanne of France With
draws His Resignation.
PARIS June 11.— It is officially an
nounced that General de Lanne, chief of
the staff of the Ministry of War, tendered
his resignation, but at th^ request of Gen
eral Andre he withdrew it and will retain
the direction of the general staff.
Semi-offlcially it is explained that sever
al changes In the personnel of the War
Office were interpreted, by General de
Lanne as implying censure upon him and
he therefore resigned, but on General
Andre assuring him that he retained the
confidence 'of the Government General de
lanni canceled his resignation.
The report that General Jamont, Mili
tary Governor of Paris, intends to resign
is declared to be quite unfounded.
Brake Was Defective.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June 11.— At the Inquest
upon the body of James Lindsay, the
North Pacific Coast Railroad conductor
who was killed by a freight train last Sat
urday at Tomales, the Coroner's jury re
turned a verdict stating that his death
was due to a defective brake. It is claimed
that while deceased was tightening the
brake on the car the wheel slipped off the
eplndle and that this caused Lindsay to
lose his balance and fall between the
cars. A damage suit will probably be
brought against the company.
Dock Laborers Strike.
LONDON. June 1L— Seven thousand
dock laborers went on strike yesterday,
alleging that the agreements with respect
to overtime and mealtime had been vio
lated by their employers.
Killed by a Streetcar.
SIOUX CITY, la.. June ll.-Samuel T.
Davis, a prominent lawyer and capitalist,
was struck by a streetcar and -killed to
night. He was quite deal and did not see
or hear the cat
With the canal open this class of Amprl
ran goods could be delivered In Salvador
and all along the Pacific Coast of South
and Central America with far greater ease
and better rates than at present. As be
tween different routes we naturally prefer
the one nearest to us, which Is the Nica
ragua route."
MINNESOTA INDIANS
MAKING MANY THREATS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. June U.-lr order to
check the arbitrary power t».«t Is being
exerted by the Board of Police Commis
sioners in its manipulation of the police
force a citizens' committee has been ap
pointed to confer with the City Council
and the Police Commission In order to
devise plans that may prove a remedy to
mitigate the demoralizing state of affairs
The committee as appointed comprises J.
O. Koepfll, Abe Haaa. Charles Silent. J
R. Newberry. J. J. -Fay. Dr. J. H. Davis
son and N\ B. Blackstone and Is selected
from among forty leading citizens, who
met in secret conclave at the request of
the Chamber of Commerce,
This action was deemed more effective
than a mass-meeting to discuss the nues-
. t!on ..w f th ? r^ els S of the footpad and the
inability of the Police Department to cope
with the situation, as it prevented the
hotheads, whose utterances might prove
more Incendiary than argumentative, from
being heard. This committee met this
morning and held a three hours' session
After a full discussion it concluded that
Chief Elton Is not responsible in view of
the conduct of the Police Commission;
that politics should have no place in the
management of the board, and that the
present Police Commission ought to be re
moved.
As the commission flatly declares, the
citizens committee Is not vested with ple
nary powers, and as it will not appear for
investigation at any meeting the commit
-,3?? a3 £.,i >a11 the long continued police
muddle bids fair to grow in Intensity and
bitterness, while the patient citizen slinks
to his home along dark streets, conscious
that any moment he may be shot to death
by an emboldened thug.
Concludes That Chief Elton Is Not
Responsible and That Present
Commissioners Should Be
Removed From Office.
Citizens'" Committee Dis
cusses Failure to Ar
rest Footpads.
BLAME PLACED
ON LOS ANGELES
POLICE BOARD
lor would have no assistance from
the business community in entertaining
the Grand Parlor, Native Daughters of
The Golden West. This fear was not well
founded. Ey 0 o'clock this morning a
forc<> of rr.en was at work sweeping the
streets, followed hy the agent of the water
company, v.ho pave them a thorough wet
ting. Soon after general decoration was
taken up. especially on Main street and
Courthouse Square, red white and yellow.
of course, predominating, arid by the time
the delegates arrived this little town pre-
Fcnted a respectable appearance and evi
dences of a hearty welcome were visible
on every side.
JACKSON. June 11.— Jackson wears a
brighter appearance to-day than ever
before. Until this morning it looked
as if the members of the Ursula Pa#-
Precial D'.sratch to The Call.
Grand President Cora B. Sifford arrived
last night, but the main body of delegates
were met at Gait to-day by members of
the reception committee and escorted to
lone, where carriages were In waiting un
der direction of Major Newman to convey
the party over the last twelve miles of
their journey. To the number of 150 they
were brought Into town without accident
cr unpleasant occurrence and taken to
quarters previously arranged. The sev
eral committees performed their duties
without a hitch or interruption, and ex
cepting the dusty ride from lone the in
coming was altogether pleasant. A band
concert on the main street had been ar
ranged and was much enjoyed.
To-night the delegates congregated in.
groups, buttonholing In the interest of
favorite candidates for grand officers, and
one Is reminded of an old-time party con
vention for the nomination of political
candidates. There will of course be no
contest for prand president. Mrs. E. M.
Gett succeeding according to custom from
the vice presidential position, but for the
latter office and for secretary there prom
ises to be a warm contest.
The San Francisco delegation is confi
dent of securing the vice presidency, but
up to the present the vote Is divided, while
the interior delegates apparently are unit
ing- «n Mrs. Ella Caminetti of Ursula Par
lor of Jackson, who is one of the brightest
and most earnest workers in the order.
But one obstacle seems to be in her way.
the candidacy of Mips Laura J. Frakes
of Amapola Parlor of Sutter Creek, only
four miles distant, for grand secretary,
and at present she appears to have a
walkover. Some of her friends claim
that when the time arrives for balloting:
she will be elected without opposition. To
morrow they will get to work on needed
legislation, and will be banqueted in the
evening.
Present Jerome K. Jerome's Success
ful Comedy, "Miss Hobbs," Be
fore a Large Audience.
SALT LAKE. June 11.— Henry Miller
and . his special company, now on their
way to the Columbia Theater. San Fran
cisco, for a season of ten weeks, stopped
here to-night and gave a performance of
Jerome K. Jerome's . comedy, "Miss
Hobbs." at the Salt Lake Theater before
an immense audience. Miller was given a
great ovation when he made his appear
ance before the footlights, and Margaret
Anglin in the title role of the piece was
the recipient of no small amount of cor
dial acknowledgment. The product'on
proved to be such a success that Miller
has been Induced to repeat the perform
ance to-morrow night. Mrs. Thomas
Whiffen. Marsaret Dale, William Courte
nay, John Findlay, John Christie and
Grace Elliston are among the people who
appeared in the cast. The company goes
to Offden for a night and then will start
for California.
PLAGUE AT RIO JANEIRO.
Since May 6 There Have Been
Thirty-One Deaths.
WASHINGTON, June 11.—Surgeon-Gen
eral Wyman has received a cablegram
from Dr. Hayelburg, the representative
of the service in Rio Janeiro, saying that
there^ have been 10*5 cases there since ,May
6 and 31 deaths. Dr. Havelburg does not
specify the epidemic to which he refers,
hut Dr. Wyman says he has no doubt
that it is plague.
franchise Not Taxable.
DENVER. June 11.— The State Court of
Appeals to-day decided that a member
ship In or a contract with the Associated
Press is not a. "property" which can be
taxed. The suit was brought by the
Rocky Mountain News on behalf of the
papers In the city using the service to
prevent thh assessment of the Associated
Press franchise at $25,000. The decision
of the lower court that it was not a taxa
ble property is affirmed.
Nominated for Congress.
MILWAUKEE, Wls.. June 11.— Former
Governor George "\V. Peck was to-night
nominated for Congress by the Democrats
of the Fourth District.
SEATTLE, June 11.— According to let
ters just received from Behring Sea the
Alpha sailed on her second voyage from
Dutch Harbor May 9, but the reports of
her having gotten through the ice are
not believed, for the reason that the
schooner Annie returned to Unalaska on
May 18, nine days after the Alpha sailed,
with the news that ice was met with 300
miles north. It is hardly likely that a
clear break could be found extending as
far as Is'ome.
Serious fears for the Alpha's safety are
expressed at Unalaska and Dutch Harbor.
The Intrepid captain announced that he
would l»e the first at Nome if he had to
haul his vessel on the ice. Consequently
those who are still waiting for the Ice to
go think that there is a liKelihood of the
vessel bt\ng caught in the ice pack, which
would purely occur, it is said, if the cap
tain tried to push through one of .the
lanes of clear water, wKich are always
i.i. .h1 in the Bering Sea floes. These,
while at times open as far as the eye can
penetrate, are continually closing to
gether, in which case any vessel which
ia unlucky enough to set caught is
crushed li^e an egrcshell.
The captain of the brig Pitcairn, which
sailed from San Franci«co early in the
year, has been deposed and the lirst mate
of the vessel substituted. . Gleanings of
much trouble aboard the vessel have
reached hero previously, but it now ap
pears that the question finally proved to
be a very serious one. The passengers
virtually commanded the vessel.
The steam schooner Albion, .which
renclied Unalaska May 15. while coming
Into 'he harbor rarr<.-»\lv o fi uveri destruc
tion on tne rocks. A t-tvere storm carried
her within one huiiured yards of the blurts
befcre her hea<1 c- uld bo turned to the
wind..,. All steam .-\as put on. but it took
th" three fc:,urs to push out past
the perilous bluffs. At one time passen
gers arc crew became panic stricken and
It. tot 1 the combiner* attention if the of
lit-ors to quell the disturbance. Several
pistols were used in cowing the af
frighted people,
The schooners Carrie and Annie both
sailed to the northward in an attempt to
set through the tee, but both failed and
returned to Unataska harbor to await the
break-up.
The Dora reached Unalask.i May 17.
Th« South Portland, the steamer Kadlak
frt>rr San Francisco an-1 the schooupr.*
r rands Alice. K. J Ablpr ami Morris, all
item this port, have rr.:ide port in saf-i f /-
The fc' earner Trrrusher, lrom San Franjis
c<>, leached Unalaska May 17.
MILLER'S COMPANY WELL
RECEIVED AT SALT LAKE
Schooner Albion Narrowly Escapes
Going' on the Rocks and Passen
gers and Crew Become
Panic Stricken.
Pears Expressed for the
Safety of the Fortune-
Hunters.
ALPHA MAY
BE CAUGHT IN
AN ICE PACK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 1900.
4
FOR AN OUTING....
VISIT ONE OF THE MANY MINERAL
SPRING RESORTS ALONG THE
California.. . .
Northwestern
Railway Co.
Lessee of SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH
PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
(THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE OF CALI-
FORNIA.)
Where the Famous Mineral Waters
of the World Are Duplicated.
•'-
If you prefer the simple home life of the
Ranch, free from fashion's restraints, there
are many In our section from which to choose.
But If you would rather the tent In some
shady nook, near a lovely lake, or on the bank
of some beautiful stream, remember such loca-
tions are numerous and free of charge.
Call for "VACATION." a little book Just
Issued by the Company, giving Camping Loca-
tions, Hotels. Mineral Spring Resorts and a
Iif>t of one hundred and sixty-seven Farms and
homes, where Board for the Summer can be se-
cured at from $5.00 to JS.OO per week.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street (Chronicle
buildins).
General Office, Mutual Lira building. San-
eome and California streets, San Francisco.
H. C. WHITING.
General Manager.
R. X. RYAN.
General Passenger Agent
Only Strangers
Need be told of the merits of the famous
Hot Mud, Sand a»d Mineral Water
Baths, and the great Swimming Baths,
with men and women attendants, at
Paso Robles Hot Springs
Every modern convenience at the hotel.
New homelike cottages. Rates for hotel,
baths and physician. $10 to $21 a week.
Ask or write for Illustrated booklet.
SPECIAL BOUND-TRIP REBATE TICKETS.
For further Information apply to
FRANK W. ELY. City Agent.
Tel. Red 2336. 640 Market St., S. F.
Otto E. Never, Proprietor. Fuo Robles, Cal.
>
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS. CmrU %£& m .
Monterey County, Cal. — For health. rest.
Climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-date
accommodations; beautiful scenery; profusion
of flowers; hot soda, sulphur and electric
baths; swimming tank 30x60 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing: chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
dance hall; large hotel and 30 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families; all
illuminated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
s>er.d streets. San Francisco. 9 a. m.: First and
Broadway, Oakland. 9:10 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad, then by stage over beautiful level road 7
miles to springs. Round-trip tickets. $S. at S.
P. office, 613 Market street. Telephone and
postofflee. For Illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther Information address K. L. PERRAULT.
M. D., proprietor and resident physician.
O t/rAn The Sanitarium ot
ByrOn theCoasLThsbcst
y 4 physicians rccom-
nOt mend ii as the on| y
_ . cureforrheumailsm
Opi EBBM^9 Address A. BETTBNS.
Mgr, Byron Hot Springs, Cal.
City Office. Room SO. 3fi C.<>ary street.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three miles from Uklah. Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths: only
place in the world of this class of waters
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs.' Lovely
grounds: fishing and hunting; crystal spring;
accommodations and table first class. Opens
April 15th.
J. A. REDEMETER & CO.. I»roprietors.
Cli AHHQ " 0T SPRINGS. SOXOMA
OmY/-»VJVIvj County; only 4Vi hours
from San Francisco and but nine miles of j
staging: waters noted for medicinal virtues: I
best natural bath in State; grand mountain j
pcenery; good trout streams at door; telephone,
telegraph: dally mall and express; FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stages: round trip from
San Francisco only $5 50. Take Tihuron ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:20 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
five years; patronage constantly inctpastng.
¦ J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
OPENS MAY 1. Round trto. S3 73. Send for
circulars. FREESE & JUERGENSEN
Proprietors. City office. 918 Larktn street.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county In
California. . Trout fishing— finest In the State-
Shovel Creek, 15 miles for casting. Hunting-
plenty of game In surrounding mountains-
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON UROS
Proprietors, Bwwlck. Sisklyou County, Cai!
INDEPENDENCF l/ike
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate :
fine fishing, excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak. no pests. An Ideal spot
for families. See "The Traveler" for panic-
C^MON^Mr^nlaCUy^Ne'v."^- "' M "
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM- .ffig^g
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the ad
vantages of a health report as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
HOI FOR BLUE LAKES.
Will be opened, under new management May
15. New hotel being built. Fishing, hunting
boating and bathing. Address O. WEISMAV*
Laurel Dell P. O., Lake County, Cal.
Fl MflNTF HftTFI Los °atos, c a i._
£L lUtllUC UtflCL. Beautiful grounds
magnificent view and first-class accommodal
tiona. Large sunny rooms. Special rates to
families. Free bus meets every train: £> miles
from San Francisco. Fare $1 65. — *•«
¦ MONTE VIST A' open '" iat lst: tons °*
UlUtl 1 L. »U1A fru , t: help your,,.!,. tl , £
trated circular, THOMAS E. MORGAN. Dutch
I la t, Cal.
CAN YOU GO WITH ONLY 3V4 HOURS
OF STAGING.
AND ONLY SjIS.OO FOR THE ROUND TRIP,
THAT WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE . JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
TIFUL
DANCING six nights of the week. GOLF,
Tennis. Howling. Cement Swimming Tanks.
ACRRS of Shady Groves and MILES of
Shady Walks.
Finest Peer Hunting in the County. Hunting
Horses and Guides. Hot Mineral and Vapor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunges.
COMPETENT MASSAGISTS.
Numerous Mineral Springs of Wonderful
Curative Properties. Large Cool Rooms, lighted
by Electricity.
Call on LEE D. CRAIG. 316 Montgomery St..
or address CRAIG & WARNER, Highland
Springs, Pal;
Central California
San Jose !s th? central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome Is Its moat attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New A!maden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions. • reached over perfect
roads. HotPl thoroushly modern and flrst class
In every rcsDect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery st., San
Francisco, or address
GEO. P. S.NELL. Mgr.. San Jose. Cal.
OCEMEPSIONS
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.. San Francisco
to Victoria. Vancouver. Seattle. Tacoma and
other ports of call and return, 11 days' trip.
Ban Francisco to Seattle and the Inland Pas-
sage to Skaguay, over the White Pass Railway,
down the Yukon to Nome, returning by ocean,
30 to 35 days" trip.
San Francisco to Seattle, thence per steamer
Senator, July 21, via Juneau. Skaguay, Glacier
Bay and the Inland Passage, In sight of Mt.
St. Ellas, via Unimak Pass and Seal Islands
to Nome, thence to East Cape and Siberian
coast, crossing the Arctic Circle and passing
into the Arctic Ocean and return, about 40
days' trip.
Full particulars In pamphlet, entitled Alaska
Excursions. Ticket office. 4 New Montgomery.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3%t Hours' Ride From Los Ansreles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sn°rt!>man'n Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COtTNTRY CLUB
always open. Oolf nnd Tenni3 Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
GEORGE W. THOMPSON.
fi21 Market St.. San Francisco.
Or RANNIXG CO..
22! South Spring st.. Los Angeles. Cal.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell's Mineral Springs
At Glen Ellen Is the best camping, picnic and
pleasure resort on the Coast. The greatest
remedy for lung disease, liver and stomach
complaints, rheumatism and catarrh In the
world: 46 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and S. F. nnd N. P. R. R. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished;
rent cheap. Xo fogs nor poison oak at the
park. Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DON'N'ELL. office 10I1H
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health this Is the place to go.
The Place fop.Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
IN THE" FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA XE-
vnda. near Colfax, on the C. P. R. R. Plain,
quiet retreat: finest scenery, water, mountain
air. fruit and all-the-year-round climate in Cal-
ifornia; Ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad, 136 miles from San Francisco; $8 a
wefk; open all year; send for booklet. Address
' ORCHARD SPRINGS, Chicago Park. Cal.
The baths and delicious mineral water
of the well-known
SARATOGA SPRINGS
ere a part of the pleasure and also a
part of the health of this popular place.
J. MARTENS, propr.. Bachelor P. O..
Lnk<? Co.; city office. 416 Pine st. .
CALIFORNIA HOT 5 PRINC S l^l fifig
Springs; new management; a place of comfort
all eeasons; 46 miles from San Francisco, via
Tiburon Ferry. Railroad station" on hotel
grounds: extensive swimming tank; $10 50 and
up p«t week; round-trip {1 10 on Sunday.
COOPER & STEWART, Agua Callentc. Cal.
MS TOCALOMA, «$g»
BERTRAND HOTEL^Flrst-cIass accommo-
dations; reasonable rates; for families and par-
•tieR: fishing, bathing, beautiful drives to Bear
Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or Pahl's
shoe store. 324 Kearny et.. S. F. *
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL^^KS
Unequaled eoda and magnesia waters. Good
for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. HOWELL, Hopland,
Mendoclno County, Cal.
YOSEM1TE ¥ % h ? urs from San
¦ V/"Ol-«iT»,I * 1-. Francisco, via the Big
Oak Flat route. Staces leaVe Chinese Station
on line Sierra R. K. dally. Round trip from
San Francisco $S2. For further information call
or address WM. J. WHITE. General Agent
£30 Market Bt., S. F.: telephone Main 61S2.
Near Santa Rosa; among the OAt4T
Rlncon Hills; home comforts.and e/?Af^»-
the best of country I life. '-, For wMADE
circulars address HARRY L. RANCH
JONES, Santa Rosa, i
WALDRUHE, ~~
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for I families and sportsmen. First-class table
AH kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water
Rates ?7 uj>. , Send for circular. C. H. w'
HUUNING, Santa Rosa,, Cal. ¦- .
THE QEVStRS, &-¦>'
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS
Natural, steam baths, swimming. - fishing
hunting: and livery. . Write for pamphlet, i
WERTHEIMER, Manager. .
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And...
Soda Springs.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located In the midst of irrani and Imprest!?*
mountain scenery, with Mount Shasta
and the Crags for a
background.
FINE HUNTING AND FISHINO.
Unsurpassed cuisine and service and reason*
able rates.
RAILROAD - FAHE. round trlj?. Including
sleeper both ways. 914.
For rates, terms and other Information ad-
dress: E. B. PIXLET, Manager,
Care Pacific Improvement Company.
Crocker Building. San Francisco.
f fl i £m fl i MS fl j l
* Ej r^*A Q lO S M Si* 1
T T r HE railroad between Lake Tahoo and
* Truckee Is now runnlns dally, trains con-
necting with East-bound Southern Paclflo
trains In tn» morning at Truckee at 9:15. and
the Wesrt-bound In the evening at Truckee, and
are read^to receive passengers or freight to nr
from theMake. For particulars apply to S. P.
Co., ticket olEte, or to D. L. Bliss Jr.. superin-
tendent Lake Tahoe Transportation Company,
Tahoe City. Cal.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning, Liver and Kidney Diseases, Neural-
Kla. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
ing. Xo fogs. Unequaled for health, rest and
lecreatlon. Rates. $12 to $14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. F-. 9 a.
m. and 2:45 r>. m. dally. Carrlaees at Ollroy
(or springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON". Proprietor.
ROWARDENNAN
IN' THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Now open and offering every charm to pleas-
ure and health seekers. Boating, swimming,
fishing, tennis, croquet, billiards, bowling alley,
golf links, good driving and saddle horses, su-
perior table. Campers" ticket from San Fran-
cisco, $3 CO. Full Information at Tnveler office.
2) Montgomery St.. or B. DICKINSON, Lessee.
Ben Lomond, Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL.
Iron and Magnesia Springs. These celebrated
springs adjoin Bartlett Springs. Fishing; hunt-
ing: home cooking: good beds: IS SO to tlO week:
cottages for housekeeping. MRS. H. HOPP1N,
Bartlett Srrinss, Cal.
CARLSBAD s M S R c A s L
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations first
da?*: $10 a w?*k: lighted by gas.
W R. McGOVEItX, Kelseyvllle. Lake Co.
PLANTATION DOUSE— c ' a M ;^ 3 . ™£
stage line. Good trout fishing; plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
J. LT.7TTKINC1ER. Seaview. Sonoma Co. or ap-
ply MR. KRUSE. 207 Front st.. for particulars^
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place in Lake County to>
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing. bowl-
Ing, tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Write for
circular to H. WAMBOLD,
Laurel Dell, Lake County. Cal.
THE WEL.LESLEY,
California and Larkln Sts.. San Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MERRY, Proprietress.
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liards, lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly first class.
For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. MARTINA.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLLJIANN. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains — A quiet ranch, five
miles from Santa Cruz; dellzhtful summer
home In redwixxfs; running water; abundance
fruit, good table; terms $3 50 week. Address
\V. CKASDELU Santa Crua. Cal.
BOARD on a fruit ranch. «S per' week; com-
forts of home and free drives; round trip frnm
San Francisco $3. Address Redwood Height,
Occidental. Sonoma County. Cal.
KETSER & WATSON, Hopland. convey tour-
ists to Highland Springs, Kelseyvitle, Carlsba-t
Fprlnps and Lakeport. The best of turnouts.
THE Tallman House. Upper Lake. Home cook-
ing: reasonable rates. Headquarters tur tour-
ists and commercial travelers.
'TOURISTS can eet first-class rigs from H. A-
ELDRED. Uklah, for all summer resorts, at
reasonable rates. Eagle Stables. Tel. No. 161.
GLEN OAKS RANCH — Nice surroundings;
comfortable rooms: pood table; convenient
location. Address F. QUIEX. Glen Ellen. Cal.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GKEAT KKSTe::AT»Vl£. LNVIUOitA-
tor and Nervine.
; The mo«t wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
i Th» Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th» Kld-
o«y» and ITadder. Sells on tta own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUME. Agents.
ta Market »t.. 8. F.— <S«nd for Circular.)
DR. HALL'S RElNVIG33AT0RgT3^
Five hundred reward for any i$r^&G
case we cannot cure. This secret r**^ "*' *
remedy stop* all losses In 24 ! >
hours, cures Emissions. lmpo KV9 E5$
tency. Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea. 9?fP W!
Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost *iL U ,
Manhood and all wasting effects g£ _$&£
or !«Mf-abus(? or excesses. Sent KififT'- iT*
tealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed to
c .^T,%. a . ny eas *' Address HALLS MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 83i Broadway. OakiandT Cal. Also
fir sale at Vm\$ Market st.. 3. F. All prlvat*
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
The Weekly Call.
61 per Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
wnai Mahes Beaoig?
Beauty is made or marred by the blood.
When the blood is impure, the cheeks
grow sallow, the eyes dull, the hair loses
its luster. When the blood flows through
the veins in a pure, rich current, the
eyes sparkle, the skin is clear, the com-
plexion beautiful." Women who use Dr.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery, find
that it is a genuine beautifier. By puri-
fying and enriching. the blood it puts a
bloom on the cheek and a brightness in
the eye, which tell the story of perfect
health.
"Having been. left weak from fever last Oc-
tober, I was under the doctor's care here," writes
Mrs. Alice E. Casebier, of Crawford, Dawes Co.,
Neb. "I took medicine, but did not seem to
gain very much. I was tired all the time, had
no appetite, had wandering pains all over me
more or less, and was very nervous, as I had
been sick all the summer. I was all run-down
nnd didn't know what ailed me. I grot advice
from Dr. Pierce, telling me my symptoms better
than /could describe them myself, and also telling
; . me that I would have to take care of myself, and
how to take the medicines. ¦ I took four bottles
of 'Golden Medical Discovery,' and five of ' Fa-
vorite Prescription,' and gained strength right
along. I took one bottle of the ' Pleasant Pel-
lets,' also. I know that these medicines will do
all that they are recommended to do.";.
Use Dr; Pierce's' Pleasant ' Pellets for
sluggish liver.Democrats would agree to support Judge
Hughes as a candidate for the Supreme
Court. The report excluding the Harney
delegation was supported by the San
Diego delegation and adopted, but later
on, when nominations for Justices of the
Supreme Court came up, the Phelan Dem
ocrats gave Hughes the overlook.
This act of treachery has been rankling
In the bosom of Southern California
Democracy for the past two years. Emi
nent politicians of tho party will use
adroit tactics to prevent mention of the
incident on the floor of the convention
this week, but the Democrats who were
betrayed will speak their sentiments on
the outside.
There will be two contesting delegations
from San Francisco — one from the Thirty
eighth and the other from the Forty
fourth Assembly District. Offlcfal notice
of each contest has been givfen to Seth
Mann, chairman of the Democratic State
Central Committee, i
There is no sign of opposition to E. C.
Farnsworth of Tulare for chairman of the
convention. D. W. Carmichael of Sacra
mento will be secretary. Scth Mann will
leave San Francisco this evening for Sac
ramento. |
ocrats of San Francisco. The southern
delegates agreed to stand in with'Phelan
and exclude the Harney Democrats from
the convention, provided the Phelan
May Go to the National Democratic Convention.
in advance and control the nominations.
In the Democratic convention two years
ago the San Diego delegates got the
rough end In a deal with the Phelan Dem-
Carved Two Men.
Frank Lopez, who ran amuck a tew
nights ago in Hinckley alley and carved
two men with a knife, was held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Mo
gan yesterday on a charge of assault to
murder. His bonds were fixed in $2000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, "WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, June 11.—
Representative Marion de Vrles of Cali
fornia was to-day appointed by the Presi
dent to fill the vacancy on the board of
general appraisers at New Tork, caused
by the failure of the Senate to confirm tho
appointment of former Representative 21.
D. Bynum of Indiana.
There i3 no question as to the Democ
racy of Mr. de Vrles and there will,
therefore, be no doubt as to his confirma
tion. Though Mr. de Vries is appointed
as a Democrat his selection was largely
due to the influence of prominent Repub
lican politicians, including Senator Hanna.
Representative Babcock, chairman of the
Congressional Campaign Committee.' and
Representative Dick.
Mr. de Vrles is now the only Democratic
Representative from the Pacific Coast.
His district 13 normally . Republican by
about 6000 and he is said to be the only
Democrat who can carry It.
Mr. de Vries will accept the appoint
ment and resign his seat in Congress. He
said to-day that he expected to take his
place as a member of the board in about
three months and that his successor in
the House, both for the short and the
long-term, would be chosen at the regu
lar election in November.
The President to-day assured Mr. de
Vries of the great gratification with
which he had heard from the public men
of all parties with whom he had con
sulted only words of praise regarding
him and said he made the appointment
with peculiar pleasure, especially as the
Pacific Coast was without a representa
tive on the board of general appraisers.
The. place carries a salary or $7300 per
year and is held during good behavior. It
is one of the most desirable positions In
the gift of the President.
Mr. de Vrles feels especially honored by
the fact that he made no application for
the place, but was strongly recommended
to the President by the Pacific Coast dele
gation in Congress and by prominent and
Influential Democrats and Republicans
throughout the country.
Among the few Senators and Represen
tatives still in the city there Is only the
highest commendation of the appointment
and Mr. de Vries Is receiving numerous
congratulations upon his good fortune.
Marlon de Vries was born near "Wood
bridge, in San Joaquin County, Cal., Au
gust 15, 1S65, but for eleven years past
has resided In Stockton.
He attended the public schools until he
was fifteen years of age, when he entered
San Joaquln Valley College, from which
he graduated in 1SS6 with* the degree of
doctor of philosophy. He then entered
the law department of the University of
Michigan, whence he graduated in 1SSS
with the degree of bachelor of law. He
was admitted to practice before the Su
preme Courts of Michigan and of Cali
fornia in the same year, and on January
1. 1SS9. commenced the practice of law at
Stockton with John B. Hall. Later in the
same year he formed a copartnership
with "W. B. Nutter, a leading lawyer cf
Stockton; and under him acted as As
sistant District Attorney for San Joaquin
County from January, 1S93, to February,
1S97.
Mr. de Vrles was elected by the Demo
crats to the Fifty-fifth Congress and re
elected to the Fifty-sixth, being indorsed
by the People's party, and received nearly
5O00 majority over Ryan, his Republican
competitor.
Mr. d© , Vrles may be said . to be un
usually well equipped for the duties of
the office to which the President has
named him.
Secured the Place Through, the Rec
ommendation of Hanna and Sec
retary Dick of Eepublican
National Committee.
Given the Best Place at
the Disposal of the
President.
DE VRIES IS
PUT ON BOARD
OF APPRAISERS
Marion de Vries.
BUTTE. Mont.. June 11.— In Silver Bow
County the old Democratic feud resulted
to-day in a split between . the Daly 'and
Clark people and two county conventions,
each of which will send delegations. to the
State Convention. The Daly people had
the party organization and a majority
of the ¦. regularly returned delegates. The
Clark people contested in a number of
the precincts. The Daly people contested
but one precinct. In this the Clark dele
gation was seated.
Upon the announcement of the result
the Clark delegates and . the contestants
left the convention hall and organized a
separate -convention. The Daly people
continued in session, elected delegates and
in their platform condemned the methods
alleged to have beea pursued by the Clark
people. The" Clark convention made a
temporary organization and adjourned un
til to-morrow.
TWO DELEGATIONS OF
MONTANA DEMOCRATS
DEWEY IS SUGGESTED
- FOR SECOND PLACE
COLUMBUS. Ohio, June "- mo- . e ,P e h T
firatic State Conv«ition will be held here
to-morrow. It was at one time propped
CD hold the convention last week, uhile
Admiral Dewey was here, but some of tne
fluhscribf-rs to the Dewey celebration fund
•bjected and the plan was abandoned. 1 ne
Dewey decorations, exterior and interior,
however. *till remain all over the cltj\
The hotels have large portraits of Dewey
displayed and none of the Democratic
Eeroes except Bryan. .
There is much talk about Bryan ana
Dewey being nominated at Kansas City.
John R. McLean has announced that ne
*nu«t sail for Kurope with his family next
Eaturday and that he cannot attend the
convention in Columbus this week. Mr.
%\r J>ean does not expect to return in time
to attend the Kansas City convention. He
Vould be plared at the head of the Ohio
in Kansas City If he would pive
fcjs consent, but he declines absolutely.
• Those who propose the combination of
¦Ervan and Dewey believe there Is no
tfoubt about the admiral accepting. There
ie (.okc dlverelty ot opinion as to whether
Commissioners Will Make Selections
After Examination — Miss Agnes
Kendrick Appointed Sten
ographer.
The Board of Election Commissioners
examined five hundred citizens last night
regarding their qualifications to serve as
election officers in the Thirtieth, Thirty
first and Thirty-ninth districts
for the coming primary election to be held
on August 14. Three hundred voters were
passed upon, and from these the necessary
officers will be selected. A number of cita
tions were also issued for the Twenty
eighth, Twenty-ninth and Thirty-second
districts, and these will be examined on
Tuesday, June 19.
The board appointed Miss Agnes Ken
drick stenographer and typewriter, begin
ning July 1, .1900, at a salary of $75 per
month. Miss Kendrick stood second on
the eligible civil list and is at present em
ployed as extra stenographer by the
Board of Education.
There was a total registration of 300
yesterday, the largest up to date. . Regis
tration closes for the primary election
July 28. All citizens are required to reg
ister this year, notwithstanding any
former registration in order to be able to
vote at the general election November 6.
Registration closes September 26, 1900.
OFFICERS TO SERVE AT
THE PRIMARY ELECTIONS
THE California Republican Associa
tion, the newly organized political
society, held last night an Important
session at which a constitution was
adopted, the Republican County Commit
tee was denounced and a plan by which
supervision of political affairs in every
Assembly district may be accomplished
was formulated. George D. Squires, the
president of the association, presided at
the session, which was executive.
The resolution which repudiates the dis
trict club organization of the Republican
Cotfnty Committee is as follows:
ARTICLE I.
Resolved, That this association views with
alarm the action of the Republican County
Committee In proposing to organize the As
sembly districts of this city for the coming
Presidential campaign on the old basis of one
man dictation.
Resolved, That in our opinion a system
whereby the clubs of the districts' are made
the vassals of the County' Committee is wrong
in principle and will result In party confusion
and disaster. It being our opinion that it is the
duty of the County Committee, as the alleged
representative of Republicanism In this city,
to call the Republicans together in the dis
tricts and authorize them to organize without
the interference of any boss or any set of
bosses.
Resolved, That it is our opinion that any
other course will bring disaster upon the party
and Jeopardize the success of the national
ticket In this city, where the Republican party
time and again has shown that it will not
submit to the dictation of bosses or the con
trol of their henchmen.
The constitution which will govern the
association was then adopted. The instru
ment provides for tho establishment of
an advisory council in every Assembly
district and is as follows:
CONSTITUTION
of tbe
IALIFORNIA REPUBLICAN ASSOCIATION.
This association is an association of Repub
licans to be known as the California Republi
can Association, and its purposes and its ob
jects are to" disseminate and Bupport Repub
lican principles, to strengthen and harmonize
the regular Republican party, to resist corrup
tion in politics, to prevent the nomination of
corrupt and unworthy candidates for office and
to provide association rooms for its members
and to hold stated meetlncs.
ARTICLE 2.
TVhereas, in accordance and compliance with
the prospectus and original articles under
which this association was organized this as
sociation on the 26th day of May, 1900, duly
elected ele\'en directors of said association to
hold office for two years from tho date of
their election: and ,whereas, said directors, in
accordance and compliance with said prospec-.
tus and articles, duly chose and elected on the
31st day of May. '» 1900, a president, two vice
presidents, a treasurer and secretary, to hold
office for two years from the date of - their
election. ¦¦¦ Now, therefore, the said directors
and officers shall hold office ¦ for- said - two
years respectively and the directors shall here
after be elected by this association at a spe
cial meeting called therefor during the month
of. May, 1902. and every two years thereafter
at a special meeting so called In the month cf
May, and th» said officers of said association
shall hold office for two years from the date
of their- election and shall.be hereafter chosen
and elected by the directors In the month of
May, 1900. and every two years thereafter in
the month of May.
ARTICLE 2.
Any Republican elector of pood character and
Etandinir. who approves the objects and pur
poses of this association, and will. In Kood
faith, assist In the ' maintenance . and promo
tion of the same, may become a member of
this association as? hereinafter provided.
ARTICLE 4/
The government of : the association shall be
vested Jn a board of eleven directors, a ma
jority of whom shall be a quorum, and the
hoard shall constitute the head of the associa
tion and the ruling and governing power of.
this association for all purposes thereof, and
their powers and duties shall include all mat
ters embraced in the objects and purposes
thereof as well as In all matters and thlnss
concerning finances, harmony, decorum and
discipline, and shall prescribe rules for the
reeulatlon of the affairs and conduct of the
association as they may from time to time
deem necessary or expedient, not inconsistent
with the constitution and by-laws.
ARTICLE 5.
The officers of the association shall consist
of a president, two vice presidents, a treasurer
and secretary, who shall be elected by the
board of directors from the directors and hold
office for two years.
ARTICLE 8.
Vacancies in the office of directors shall be
filled by the association at any regular meeting
or at any special meeting called for that pur
pose. Vacancies In any other elective offlco
shall be filled by the directors by the election
of one of their number. Directors or officers
elected to fill vacancies shall hold office during
the balance of the term of the director or offi
cer whose office they fill. ¦
ARTICLE T,
ARTICLE 8.
There" shall be two classes of members of
this association, that is, those who pay dues
and those who do not pay dues. . Only those
who pay dues are entitled to vote in this as
sociation, ,and .other 'members may attend
meetings and have all other privileges of mem
bership except the right to vote at'meetlnjrs
of this association.
The board of directors may, if. deemed neces
sary, or- expedient, make . provision for or con
cerning an assistant secretary, clerk and other
subordinate officers and appoint such agents
and committees as may be. necessary or expe
dient. The board may. If It deems it neces
sary, require a bond with two sureties from
the secretary or treasurer for the faithful exe
cution-of the duties of the office.
ARTICLE 9.
The board of directors shall . provide for a
diFtrlct auxiliary organization in each As
sembly district or an advisory council; in each
Assembly district, and such other organizations
as it may consider promotive cf the objects
and purposes- of this association. I'.ie board
of directors, by a two-thirds vote of those vot
ing, shall have power, at any time, to reorgan
ize an auxiliary •organization or to reorganize
an advisory council in any Assembly district,
or to remove all or any member or members
of such council or organization.
ARTICLE 10.
Amendments.
Any amendment may be proposed at a meet
ing of this association and shall thereupon be
referred to the board of directors, and if. the
same be approved by a two-thirds vote of the
directors voting. It shall be submitted to the
association for its action, and If adopted by a
two-thirds vote of the members voting shall,
become a part of this constitution. '
ARTICLE 11
ARTICLE 12.
.By-laws may be enacted by this association
In the manner and as provided In the by
laws.
ARTICLE 13.
The first- or second vice president, in the
order named, thai! preside. at all meetings of
' The president shall preside nt all meetings of
this association and of I the directors,' see the
constitution, by-laws and the rules and regu
lations-adopted by the board of directors strict
ly enforced, . call such meetings of this as
sociation and of directors as he may Judge
necessary or proper and have a general super
vision of all affairs- of this, association. He
shall be ex offlcio a member of all standing
committees and shall appoint all committees,
unless otherwise provided or ordered, and sign
all drafts on the treasurer In payment of bills,
and have the casting vote at all . meetings of
this association' or- directors In case of a tie
vote. T ¦_ ¦ -_ ' v ¦¦•*"..
Republican Association Denounces the
• County Committee and Rule
ADVISORY COUNCILS
IN EVERY DISTRICT
this convention should take the Initial
Ftep in indorsing Dewey as well as Bryan
for the national ticket.
The officers to be nominated in to-mor
row's convention are Secretary of State.
Dalrv and Food Commissioner, member
of the Board of Public Works and Justice
of the State Supreme Court. For each or
these nominations there are several can-
Four delegates at large to Kansas City
will also be selected. In this connection
the names most frequently mentioned are
those of ex-Congressman Tom L. John
son. James Kilboume. Congressman John
B. Lentz. Judge A. W. Patrick Frank M.
Marriott. Herman Groesbeck. William S.
Thomas and Judge E. J. Blandin.
The hottest contest for delegate at large
is between Congressman Lentz and Col
onel James Kilbourne, both of whom re
side in Columbus.
REPUBLICANS PREPARE FOR
NATIONAL CONVENTION
PHILADELPHIA, June ll.-The sub
committee of the Republican National
Committee to-day started the convention
ball rolling and from now until the na
tional committee shall have concluded its
labors the party leaders will be full of
activity. The sub-committee held its lirst
meeting at noon in the headquarters of
the general committee at the Hotel Wal-
Those present were Joseph H. Manley
of Maine, chairman; Henry C. Payne of
Wisconsin. Senator Nathan B. Scott of
West Virginia. Senator John Kean of New
Jersey and Colonel Charles Dick of Ohio.
The absent members were Senator Hanna
and Richard C. Kerens of Missouri.
The committee was in secret session for
the better part of two hours. It took up
the matter of arranging for the meeting
of the full national committee at noon on
Wednesday. This meeting will be highly
important, as the natidnal committee will
then take up the contests from the vari
ous States. There are more than thirty
of these and it is not known how long
It will take the committee to decide them.
Chairman Hanna will arrive her© on
Wednesday morning and other committee
men are expected at that time. I
The citizens' reception committee, of
which former Mayor Warwick is the
chairman, held a meeting to-day, at
which close upon 200 citizens were pres
ent.
WISCONSIN BRYANITES TO
SELECT FOUR DELEGATES
MILWAX'KEE. June 11.— Wisconsin
Democrats in the State Convention In
this city to-morrow will elect four dele
gates at large to the National Convention
at Kansas City and ratify the choice of
ten district delegates to be chosen by the
various district delegations prior to the
conx-ening of the convention. Judge James
H. McGlllan of Green Bay. will be the
temporary chairman of the convention.
Of the four delegates to be elected one
will be David S. Rose, Mayor of Milwau
kee. The chief interest centers in the
contest for national commltteeman to
succeed K. C. Wall. Mr. Wall and Tim
othy E. Ryan of Waukesha are candi
dates. The Chicago platform will prob
ably be Indorsed and the delegates in
structed for Bryan.
WILL NOT DROP THE
SIXTEEN TO ONE PLANK
CHICAGO, June 11.— Senator James K.
Jones, chairman of the Democratic Na
tional Committee, arrived Jn Chicago to
day and will be here several days looking
over the preliminary work of the Presi
dential campaign. Wednesday William J.
t>ryan will meet Senator Jones here for
a final conference before the Kansas City
convention. Mr. Jones said:
"There is absolutely no truth in the re
port that I will- endeavor to persuade Mr.
Bryan to consent to the dropping of the
16 to 1 plank from the platform this year.
There will be no abandonment of any
Issue of the Chicago platform."
this association or directors In the absence
or inability of the president to act and shall
perform all his duties. In case the president
and vice presidents be absent, the secretary
shall" call the meeting of this association or
directors to order and a temporary chairman
shall be elected.
ARTICLE 14.
The directors shall hold such regular and
special meetings as they may determine.
ARTICLE IS.
The board of directors may remove any ap
pointed officer, committee or agent when it
deems the -welfare of this association, or the
objects and purposes of this association, re
quire it. This association may suspend or ex
pel any member by a two-thirds vote of those
voting. Nine members shall constitute a
quorum of this association for the transaction
of business.
ARTICLE 16.
ARTICLE 17.
There shall be appointed for each Assembly
district, by the board of directors, an advisory
council of not exceeding nine members, to hold
office for two years. Members of this council
may be admitted as members of this associa
tion without the payment of any admission
fee, but shall pay $1 per month as dues In ad
vance. No director shall be a member of an
advisory council. The advisory council of each
Assembly district shall have charge of the
work in the district, subject to the super
vision, direction and control of the board of
directors, and to such rules and directions as
they may prescribe or give.
The charter members shall pay, as required
by the prospectus and original articles of this
association, an admission fee of $5. and the
dues of this association shall be *1 per month,
in advance, payable on the first day of each and
every month. Members not paying dues shall
be known as associate, members.
THE Democratic State Convention
will assemble at Sacramento next
Thursday at 10 a. m. to select eight
een delegates to represent California
Democrats in the national convention of
the party called to meet in Kansas City
July 4. Four of the eighteen will be
chosen as delegates at large. Each of the
seven Congressional districts of the State
will then name two delegates. Candi
dates in the field to represent the State
at large are: Stephen M. White of Los
Angeles, James G. Maguire and James D.
Phelan of San Francisco, M. F. Tarpey
of Alameda and Daniel Ostrom of Yuba.
The slate as It now stands presents the
names of "White. Maguire, Phelan and
Tarpey. Should the Democrats of North
ern California unite and Insist on repre
sentation, Tarpey or Phelan may be
forced to give way to Ostrom. It gen
erally happens that Northern and Cen
tral Californians, Republicans and Demo
crats alike, pay slight attention to organ
ization atfd usually take what the dele
gates from other sections of the State of
fer them* Delegates from Los Angeles,
San Diego and San Francisco programme
Press dispatches nnd private messages
5rom the Atlantic and Middle West States
indicate increasing sentiment among Re
publicans In favor of nominating Irving
M. Fcott cf California for Vice President
«-*f the United States. Leading politicians
hold that the ticket would be strengthened
by the nomination of a Pacific Coast man
for second place. Passing events in the
Orient and the signs of great commercial
development on the Pacific Coast of the
Vnitt-d States attrax-t the attention of the
world and suggest to leading Republicans
cf the Union the idea cf selecting a can
didate from this region.
Irving M. Scott is known throughout
the country as the builder of the battle-
Fhip Oregon and the cruiser Olympia — the
two ships that gave the American navy
•worldwide renown In engagements with
thf- Spanish fleet.
The name of Irving M. Scott is therefore
Associated with these naval achievements,
leading men of the party who are cast
ing about for material to render the ticket
exceptionally popular with the masses
fancy that Scott's name would add ele
raonts of great popularity.
Irving M. Scott is recognized In Cali
fornia as a. representative man — a citizen
«<f character, energy and intellectual at
tainments. Yesterday many of the Re
publicans of San Francisco discussed the
]iropose<] nomination, and the hope was
expressed that the California delegation
to the National Convention would unfurl
the banner of Scott and actively demand
his nomination. It happens, however,
that the Third Congressional District con
vention has Indorsed Secretary Long for
Vice President. State Senator JLuchsin
irer, who looks out of one eye for
xhe navy-yard at Mare Island and out of
Ihe ether eye for his own fences, managed
xo commit the delegates of his district to
Ihe Secretary of the Navy. M. A. Gunst
«jf the Fourth District and Harold Power
of the Second have no hesitation In de
claring that the California delegation
should support a Callfornian if the name
of a candidate from this State is presented
lo the convention.
Irving M- Scott is not excited or agi
tated over his boom for the Vice Presi
«3ency. He has received many letters and
«lispa.tches assuring him of support. He
says the Imom was started in the East
i.::il is moving West. Many newspaper.*
containing flattering notice of his candi
dacy come to him and several of the
Journals display his name at the head of
ihe first column of the lirst page.
At the clubs, hotols and other places
Trticre politicians meet to exchange views
on the state of the country and the pros
pects of the convention season the can-
Ididacy of Irving M. Scort is a topic of
ipeneral comment. Delegates to the na
tional convention fancy that no positive
auction will be taken on their part until
the delegation reaches Philadelphia.
Three of the Republican delegates at
Jarpe to the national convention — George
A. Knipht. X. D. Rideout and U. S. Grant
—are now in the. East. Joseph S. Spear
Jr.. delegate from the Fourth (.'onprres
*>ional Distrir-t. left the citv last Sunday
ior Philadelphia. To-day Dr. George C.
Pardee. delegate at lar^e, will leave here
¦with the main delegation. The district
delegates who will leave at 10 o'clock this
forenoon are: W. <'. Van Fleet and M.
A. Gunft. San Francisco; H. G. Bond.
Pan Jose; D. S. Cone, Red Bluff; J. \V.
Wilson. Sacramento; Georpe W. Reed,
Oakland; II. T. Power.- Michigan Bluffs;
XI I) Kohbjnss. Suisun; A. J. Bell, Ven
ftura" Dr. Chester Rowell, Fresno, and W.
2L Garland. Los Anpeles.
Amonp the alternates who will leave to
<*ay are E. D. Peixotto and H. G. W. Din-
The silken banner of the delegation was
•diFpiaved in the court of the PaJace Ho
tel ve'sterday. Handsomely bound cre
dentials of the delegate* were seen at the
headquarters of the Republican State
Central Committee. '>;.'' , , .
Three Pullman rars nf.the regular fa?t
¦train have been assigned to the delegates
£nd their guests. The compartment or
.commissary car has been well locked
T.ith fruit, wine and cigars. An addition
al eupplv of lruit will he taken on at
Horkln. ' The delegation will have head
cm-ir-ter« and ¦ special band at the Colon
n"d» Hotel. Phi-adelphia, The Nevada
Srlr-atlon ' will join the Californmns at
Kro Hi, expected that the train wiM
irrlv'c in Chicago at 9 a. m. F rlday and
lr a ve there at :i p. m. the, Fame day. Ac
corJnp to schedule the' delegation will
rench VhUadelphia at 6:» P- m. Saturday
r.ext. '
Sentiment in Favor of His
Nomination for Vice
President
California Delegation to the Repub-
lican National Convention Leaves
This City for Philadel
phia To-Day.
IRVING M. SCOTT
FOR A POSITION
ON THE TICKET
Irving 111. Scott.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY," JUNE 12, 1900.
State Convention Will Be Called to
Order Next Thursday. '
DEMOCRATS HEAD
FOR SACRAMENTO
5
«K£ Anita Cream J
>^> ¦ s* . is not a cos- "
§J0f$%j0^1' metre to cover K
/^y edy to cure all £
j^&S ' cutaneous af- K
i f \ fectrons. It p
J%//y ffffl W *M draw im- K
r &€£/ purities to the \
£} g o surface, re- »i
~%iffff/jft move the ctss- Ye
jKjyjgwV/s U/ eased and dis- L
¦' colored skin
in small dust- i,
J^ like particles, and promote a b
\* new growth of skin as soft J*
and clear as a child's. 4
2 AH Druggists Sell It,
or we will send a full sized jj
£ jar, together with instruc- 5
lotions, for 50c Information
X and sample for 2c postage. r
Anita Cream & Toilet Co., Jj
tf 207 Franklin St., Los An-
j geles,Cal. >*
jj||| CARTELS
'Potitfrel? cored ty tttoso
Idttle Pills.
Tixy also rwtleve Distress frcna CTspepete*
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. Aper*
feet rexnuiy for Dizziness, Nausea, Crowd*
txss, BadTastetotbe Month, Coated Tongas
Pala In the Side, TORPID LIVER. The??
Regulate the Bowel* . Purely Vegetable. (%
Small Pin* Small Dose*
a Small Prlcow
SAMPLES OF OUR
HANDIWORK
demonstrate the superiority of the United
States Laundry. You'll find them in onr
office and also on the persona of scores of
well-dressed people In San Francisco.
Such people are the heralds of our aklll.
They carry the proof of it everywhere,
and they confirm and extend our popu-
larity. "No saw edges."
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Near Powell.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 368 12th Street.
VIN MARIANI
MARIAHI WINE— WORLO FAMOUS TONIC
A restorer of the Vital Forces.* Vtn Martant
is a perfectly safe and reliable diffusible tonlo
and stimulant: It grives strength and vigor to
body, brain and nerves: It fortlflea against dis-
ease: It nourishes, sustains and refreshes tho
entire system.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
The desire for tea and coffee is
an acquired taste that is injurious.
You can acquire a taste for
Cof=farin
i It will prolong life by supplying
rich nutriment food, which builds
up the^ystem.
Get Cof-farin from your grocer
and see that you get it.
4 DR. MEYERS & CO. I
Diie&ses and Weakness of Mea. v <>
731 MARKET ST.. S. F. Elevator Entrance. ?
•4- •-» • • • • • •->--•¦ •••«*«••«¦¦»»»
Avisit OR- JORDAN'S great£
{MUSEUM OF fiNflTGHY?
9 £& 1C511U2SIT ST. tet G±ttX S.T.&3. A
\ ,Of -The Largest Anatomical Musemn in tha \
M -gjgS»>^ World. Weaknesses or toy contracted M
V <*STa3JJ d:s«l<e prsitl'elyeurrK^ytho olde« T
(5> H £5 ti3 \ Speuiliit f* <•**. Cor::. Est yaaii. &
£ d*Wfl C3. J33DAN-?RrVA7c C1SEASES $
A I VVW^Jf Trtitmsnt petsorally rr bv letter. A /€
\ H If Tl K PamJwt Cm\a e»rry ca\ouai;rtaJceD. Y
AP I WtS Writo for Book. PHILOSOPHY «r 4
"i I '" MAHBIAfcK. MAILBO FRSa. (AT
A jj li' valuable book for ara> \
f till. JUBDAN «& CO.. lOol ATarSPt St.a F. f
Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
¦: <•¦¦ BOSTOX. U. S. A.
JAMES M. CRAFTS. Pre«i<l«nt.
Courses la "fnglneerlnff. architecture, chem-
istry, physics, biology and general studies. En-
trance examinations at Belmcnt. Juno 23 and
29, in charge of W. T. Reid. A. M.. at til*
Belmont School. Belitont. Cal.
For all Information address
, H. W. TYLER, Secretary.
491 Boy 1st on si. Boston.
OOEWEY.STRONG &CO.^f^
PATENTS^ J
3P' I MARKFT ST. SF
Hitchcock School,
SAN RArAEL. CAL..
FOR YOU^G MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Rooms. Cyrrrasium. Military Brill.
Ktc.
CHRISTMAS TKP.M BKOCT9 AUGUST liTIL
REV. C HITCHCOCK. Principal.
ST. MATTHEWS' MIL S,
SAN MATEO. CAL. For catalogue and Illus-
trated circular address
REV. W. A. PROT'ER, A. C. Rector.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
WILL RESCMK STUDIED OX TUESDAY.
August 7. 1300.
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
IfiOft MARKET ST.— Actual business book-
• J-OO keeping: only expert accountants
and reporters as teachers. Orcpg shorthand,
tbe- easiest, fastest and moat readable. Day
and evening. . . _ _. _ ¦ ;* ;. ; . . . .Forecaster McAdie Prepares to Keep
the Public Informed as to •
Weather Conditions.
The approach of, foga to cover ; the -wa
ters of the bay and render navigation dan
gerous' as well as difficult will hereafter
receive more attention "from ' the local
"Weather Bureau. Korecnster McAdie has
arranged to post bulletins threes times n
day, at , the ferry depot. Mr. McAdie will
receive reports from Point Reyes; Mount
Tamalpals and the local station morning;
noon and night, and from these ' reports
will prepare Tils , bulletins, j This informa
tion will greatly facilitate operations not
only in the bay but outside the heads as
•well.
FOG BULLETINS WILL
BE POSTED AT THE FERRY
By command of the Supervisors the people of the
city are to be saved from the affrighting influences of
street fences and high signs. While the board was
engaged in the work of reform it might have turned
its attention to the nerve-racking and eye-disturbing
advertisements in the street cars. \
Recent events. in Democratic politics indicate very
clearly that Mayor Phelan's notion of the scope of
j civil service reform is to teach your political oppo
| uents good manners and the virtues of patience by
forcing them to watch the enjoyment with which their
enemies hold public office.
! San Francisco has in its financial budget for the
! next fiscal year many new items for which provision,
must be made, but the one that will strike the people
of the city with deepest and most serious meaning, is
i that which provides for the burial of soldiers of the
I United States.
The Austrian Reichsrath is up todate if not a little
beyond. At a recent session of that distinguished
legislative body some of the members came armed for
argument with hammers. They must have been
studying one of the cherished American customs.
National naval authorities have come to the con
clusion that San Francisco harbor is an ideal' place for
the operation of submarine boats. This may mean
that Washington thinks we are better qualified to
work things out of sight than on the surface.
The Omaha. man who had his head smashed in a
collision and heard his wife remark that it was not an
accident but God's will probably thinks that the* busi
ness of relying implicitly in the divine will is going a
little too far. • '^ •
The architect and newspaper man .who are going to
fight a duel over the architectural merits of the United
States building at the Paris Exposition really ought
to change their minds and carve one another for
something serious. From what we have heard the
structure is hardly worth quarreling about.
The prospect for the gold hunters who are speed
ing onward toward Cape Nome is certainly not one
of encouragement. They cannot now break the ice
barrier between them and their goal, and when they
do they will find all locations pre-empted. The search
for the golden fleece is not as romantic as it is repre
sented to be. »
Commissioner Wilson, Under Certain
Conditions, Will Refund All
Sums Paid in Excess.
Persons, who have paid money on the
Inheritance tax will be Interested in the
subject matter of a letter received yester
day by Internal Revenue Collector John
C. Lynch from Internal Revenue Commis
sioner Wilson. •
The letter states that the office at
"Washington, D. C, is ready to consider
claims for the refunding of taxes erron
eously paid on legacies or paid in excess
of the amount due. Under the act of June
13. 1M»S, as construed by the recent decision
of the. United States Supreme Court,
claims of this character should be made
on form 4G and by the executors or ad
ministrator? who paid the tax. Each
claim should be- further supported by a
copy of the will of the testator unless a
copj' has been previously filed' In the of
fice of the Commissioner, and, a copy of
the return on which the tax was assesse'd.
and the amended return should be made
out in accordance with the law as con-'
ptrued by the United States Supreme
Court.
LEGACY-TAX PAYERS
TO GET A DRAWBACK
Editor The Call: There appeared an
editorial in The Call of May 27 under the
above caption, which to my mind was the
strongest article as touching our nation's
destiny that ever appeared in a San Fran
cisco paper, and If, as we are told by po
litical orators since the roar of our artil
lery at Manila Bay and Santiago harbor,
the United States has leaped to the front
in the march of nations, then these facts
to which The Call so earnestly Invites at
tention pertain not alone to San Francisco
or California or even our nation but to the
very future of human liberties, since ig
norance means superstition, darkness and
danger.
The facts given in .The Call's editorial
above referred to must be startling to one
who has not studied the subject. The pic
ture therein shown is dark indeed, and yet
the writer thereof might have made It of
Stygian blackness witnout perverting the
facts. Your article proves that about one
third of the children on the school census
do not become enrolled upon the school
registers at all. Let us add to that the
truth that many of those who have their
names enrolled upon the school registers
attend school but a few weeks dui*ing the
terra, anil the further fact that the figure*
presented do not go above the age of 17
or under the age of 5, when all must be
appalled.
And yet. Mr. Editor, if there be any con
solation to the freezing man to seo his
neighbor both cold and hungry, California
may congratulate herself, for there is
hardly a State in the Union where theso
deplorable conditions are not even wurso
than here.
Looking at the national conditions wo
find there are about thirty-six million
minors. Admitting there are nine millions
of these under five years ot age.- it leaves
twenty-seven millions of children of
school age. Of these about fourteen.mil
lions are enrolled some time during the
yenr on school registers. Less than nine
millions is the average attendance, while
eiKhty-seven Is the average number of
days of school according to enrollment.
- These figures so startled me when I
first began to study them that for the past
five years I have studied the educational
question more from the standpoint of the
children out of the schoolroom than from
that of the children in the schoolroom.
Pedagogical questions are of great Im
portance, but how to get all the children
in the schoolroom Is more so. I would
like permission to discuss this question at
some length In The Call. Respectfully,
JOHN F. MURRAY.
Santa Cruz. Cal.
COMPULSORY EDUCATION.
CALirORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, June 11.— C. D. Perrine
of the Lick Observatory is at the Shore
ham.
Pitcher Fond Made a Record as Sur
geon in the Manila
Hospitals.
Dr. A. Pond, more familiarly known tA
the baseball world as "Doc" Pond, re
turned home on the transport Grant after
a year in the hospitals at Manila, whera
he held the rank of acting assistant sur
geon. He made a record for himself as a
doctor in the Philippines, and It Is more
than likely that he will be promoted for
his gallant services. During his stay at
Manila he was located most oj the time
at tne First Reserve Hospital, -where ha
found plenty to do. His comrades speak
of him in the highest terms.
"Doc" Pond first came to the coast as a
member of the AU-Amertcan baseball
team, made up cf the stars of the Na
tional League. He was a famous pitcher
and all around man. and at one time drew
a fat salary as a ball player. Later he
played in the- Pacino Coust Leasuo and
was a general favorite. After the out
break of the war he received a commis
sion as actins a*sUtant sureeon and in
due time was trunsferrvd to Manila. Prior
to becoming a professional baseball player
he was grnJuatea a^ a physician, and his
record in the Philippines shows that his
training had been thorough.
Class of 09 Meets.
The class of 'SO. Girls' High School, held
its first annual meeting ycsterday'in the
school auditorium. Miss Emma Hardy,
•the class president, called the meeting to
order. Miss Klsie Lcale read an interest
ing paper, reviewing her first year at tha
university. Miss Etta Tessman delivered
an amusing talk, telling of her experi
ences In the normal school, and Miss Ethel
H. Olnrk rrad a delightful paper, telling
of her experiences at Jiome. A . solo by
Mis* Ida Collins and refreshments fol
lowed by prneral dancing brought the aft
crnoon to a close.
¦ m ¦
Cal. claco fruit 50c per Ib atTownsend'a."
¦ » «
Special information supplied dally t->
business houses and public men by tb«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Ucmu
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
• mm
Art Insolvent Carpenter.
Christopher A. Mitchell, a carpenter re
smlng In Fairfax, Marln County, filed a
petition In Insolvency yesterday In tha
United States District Court. He states
his liabilities at $157>>. and ha3 no assets.
¦ ? ¦
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
The beat Uver medicine. A vegetabls cur« for
liver Ills, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation.*
. Nothing con tributes more toward a sound d>
restion than the use of Dr. Slegert's Angcuutra
Bitters, tha celebrated a?;et izer
BALLPLAYER AND DOCTOR
-BACK FROM PHILIPPINES
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 11.— Dr. P. James of
Los Angeles is at the Waldorf; William
C. Voorsanger of San Francisco is at the
Plaza; R. M. Eyre of San Francisco is at
the Buckingham; John Hood of Santa
Rosa Is, at the Xetherland; Holden Davis
of San Francisco is at the Park Avenue;
Alphons Judis of San Francisco is at the
Herald Square.
Plans Formed at the Meeting Yes
terday to Secure More .
Money.
The Indian famine fund of San Fran
cisco has now reached the thousand dol
lar mark. I. J. Truman, treasurer of tha
fund, has forwarded already $000 to India
to aid the work of mercy. The money has
all been collected since the 24th ult. and
the amount indicates the extent of inter
est taken in this urgent cause.
.A meeting of the famine fund committee
was held yesterday in the lecture room at
the Y. M. C. A. building. Those present
were: Richard II. Gray, chairman; Miss
Lydia Bell, secretary; Mr. Juhl. Mrs. C.
T. Wilmot, Miss Bertha Hill and Miss
Blanche Partington.
A plan cf further work was agreed upon
which includes the placing of collection
boxes in prominent places, the sending of
explanatory t-irculars to various commer
cial associations and business houses and
an organized endeavor to interest these
churches and Sunday-schools which have
not already contributed to the fund. A
vote of thanks was tendered Mayor Phe
lan for his generous gift of the use of
Native Sons' Hall for the recent mass
meeting. It was also decided to accept
the offer of M. Israel Pryce, member of
the London Psychical Research Society,
to give half the proceeds of n lecture to
be delivered by him at the Metropolitan
Temple on the 2Sth inst. Mr. Pryce's sub
ject will be "The Immortality of the
Soul," and the committee will interest
themselves to make the affair a success.
The Scottish societies and British Benevo
lent Society will also lend a hand. The
following subscriptions were received yes
terday:
Vedanta Society. $10: per Miss Cell, $2 50: "W.
Keith. $10; W. W. Montacue. 50 cents; Mrs.
Lee. 15 cents: Mrs. Wolf and Misses Zuholsky,
$2 50; MIfs Cornwell, Jl: John H.. $1; Mrs. Stan
ley, $1; Mrs. M. B. Christie, %l; Mrs. Southgate,
Jl; "from the Lord," $1; '.'from the Lord,"
?l 30; Mrs. KellogK, 30 cents; Miss Taylor, 50
cents; Mr. Darling, 51) cents; Miss Finney. 23
cents: Mrs. Ault. 25 cents: Dr. Crozler, 25 cents;
Mrs. "VVeiberg, 23 cents; Miss Howell, 20 cents;
Baby Made. 5 cents; fruit store, 10 cents; Mrs.
Lief, 10 cents: Mrs. Fred Wolf, 10 cents; Grace
Bent, 10 cents: Mrs. Schwartz, 5 cents: friend,
5 cents; friend, 5 cents: 1225 Pine, adults, 25
cents; 1225 Pine (children), 25 cents; Mrs. Gould,
25 cents; friend, 20 cents; Mr. Fargo, 25 cents;
Mrs. Bolles, 10 cents; friend, 5 cents; Mrs. Fa
eould, & cents; friend, 5 cents; friends, 20 cents;
friend, 25 cents: Mrs. Lane, 25 cents; a friend,
10 cents; "In His name," 10 cents; total, $33 S3.
FAMINE FUND REACHES
.r" THOUSAND-DOLLAR MARK
PERSONAL MENTION.
. G. "W. Towle of Towles is at the Grand.
Frank W. Burnett of Los Angeles Is at
the Palace.
"WV H. Hatton, a lawyer of Modesto, Is
at the Lick.
E. C. Farnsworth, an attorney of Vlsa
lia, is at the Lick.
C. P. Viclni, a merchant of Jackson, Is
stopping- at the Grand.
S. M. Griffiths, an oil man of Fresno, Is
a guest at the Occidental.-
R. E. Morrow, a business man of Ba
kersfleld, is at the Grand.
G. McM. Ross, the well-known mining
man of Virginia City, Is at the Occi
dental. •
j Dr. E. C. Dunn and wife arrived from
Fresno yesterday and are stopping at the
Grand.
E. S. , Valentine, the prominent oil man
of Fresno, arrived in the city yesterday
on his way East. He Is at the Lick.
John J. O'Connor, H. B. Coulter and B. :
L. Tremaine. Government clerks on their
way to Manila, are registered at the Occi
dental.
P. F. Shepherd and Charles Teg-ue, con
nected with the big oil mining Industries
of the San Joaquin Valley, are stopping
'at the Grand. ' -'.Ij
Edward Chambers, ore of the prominent
active officials of the Santa Fe Railroad,
came up from Los Angeles yesterday and
j registered at the Palace.
WORKINGMEN ARE TO
CELEBRATE LABOR DAY
Committees Appointed by Union Or
ganizations to Make Arrange
ments Elect Officers.
The committees appointed by the San
Francisco Labor Council and the Build
ing Trades Council to take charge of the
arrangements for the Labor day celebra
tion met Saturday nisut and organized,
the following officers being elected:
P. H. McCarthy, president; Alex Dijeau. «ec
retary: John E. McDoueaM. treasurer.
Finance committee — John Nugent, W. Goff, T.
H. Brady and 6. A. Tveitmoe.
The following sub-committees were appointed:
Committee on grounds — A. Dljeau. P. II. Mc-
Carthy. August Iten and T. H.- Brady.
Committee on printing: and official pro«rrajnnj«
— O. A. Tveitmoe, XV. Goff, J. K. Phillips, J.
Smallbone and John E. McDou?ald.
Committee on talent and music — T. H. Brady,
A. Dijeau, H. Cassady and W. McGowan.
Committee on gam«3 — \V. Goff. P. J. Diets,
F. .Harriett. P. Hannon, P. Smith and W. ilc-
Gowan.
Much enthusiasm was developed at the
meeting, and the committee Is desiroua
of surpassing: any former Labor day cele
bration and will spare no time and ex
pense in doing so.
The committee will appeal to all manu
facturers, large business firms and em
ployers in general to observe Labor day,
and will ask them to close on the first
Monday of September (Labor day) and
help make Labor day one that will long 1
be remembered by the working people of.
this city. The committee will also ask
the San Francisco Labor Council and
Building Trades Council, through their
respective secretaries, to notify all trader
unions affiliated with both councils to ob
serve Labor day and to cease work 03
that particular day.
The committee will meet every Satur
day night at 8 o'clock at 1153 Mission
street.
THE SALOON IN POLITICS.
Of PON the shoulders of the reputable, responsible
citizens of San Francisco there rests a duty
which cannot be evaded by any excuse. Upon
the substantial men of this city there is an obligation
to take a personal, intimate and persistent part in
• ... .... ¦ - -
the poiitics ot their city, their State and their nation.
If reforms are to be Instituted, if evils are to be reme
died, if rascals, making of politics a profession of
disrepute, are to be shorn 01 power corruptly used,
the change must be brought about by men who have
honor in themselves and insist upon it in others.
Men of family and of affairs, men of decency and self
respect, men possessing substantial interest in' the fu
ture of the city, even if that interest be no more than
the possession of a modest home and the reward of
• ... . * . .
their labor, are in duty bound to take into their own
hands and out of the soiled fingers of blacklegs and
saloon loafers the government of San Francisco.
Politics should be a profession, but it should be the
profession of every honorable citizen. The very
crown of citizenship is participation in political affairs,
and never in the history cf this city was the time more
propitious or the need more pressing than now for
men who value any interest they may possess to seek
to preserve it. We have learned the stern lesson jf
a bubonic Board of Health. We have seen the evil
wrought by political physicians to trade and indus
try. We have seen the name of the city heralded
as a sound of reproach. We have suffered the shame
of scandal in our Police Department, and only by
stubborn resistance and agitation have escaped from
the domination of blackmailing scoundrels raised to
a bsd eminence by scheming, criminal politicians.
We see the polluting influence of saloon politicians
in our schools, where favorites reign, where merit is
unrecognized, where extravagance runs riot and
where the drunken proprietors of drunkards' resorts
make and unmake the laws. We know the distress
and danger which have followed in the wake of squan
dered public funds. We have upon us yet the dark
ness of unlightcd streets and the menace of midnight
thieves. We see the discrimination of police admin
istration of saloons closed and dives wide open, with
out license, in the very heart of the city and upon its
leading thoroughfare.
We kr.ow all this nr.d know it to be the reign of
the professional politician. And we know also the
remedy which reputable citizens of San Francisco
must use or confess themselves criminally responsi
ble for a condition of affairs against which they pro
test. They must perform their duties as citizens.
They rmist take part in the political government of
their city or submit themselves and their interests to
the corrupt domination of men who choose conven
tion delegates, select nominees, control municipal of
ficers and govern the city from the back rooms of
The time was when reputable citizens dare not take
part in the primary politics of the city. Thugs,
thieves, roustabouts and rounders ruled the primaries
a:id nominated the governing officers of the city. But
that time has pissed. Every citizen has the power to
exercise his franchise and make his influence felt He
has the influence of numbers. He can with his vote
repudiate the professional politician, cut away the un
healthy parasites of politics and give to San Fran
cisco an administration of honesty and efficiency.
The time for reputable citizens to act is now, the
method is personal participation in the politics of their
The mr.rtial spirit of our- local police has asserted
itself. Thirteen of the finest at a fight and one at a
fire where the lives of 500 children were in jeopardy
is an admirable illustration of how flexible is the dis
cipline of the department. The officers were probably
afraid that the fighters would assault the crowd. '
The Federation of Mission Improvement Clubs
wants to amend the charter and destroy an army of
useless and high sa!?ried officials. The federation
will probabty learn before it is much older that re
forms are accomplished by votes and not by the voice
cf protest -
THE CHINESE CRISIS.
yy ERLIN dispatches of yesterday announce that
KA the Kaiser's instructions to his representatives
in the Orient are that while Germany will in no
way put herself unduly forward and is willing to loy
ally co-operate with other powers, she will under no
circumstances tolerate a continuance of existing con
ditions in China, and the Cologne Gazette, which ia
reputed to be "inspired," is quoted as saying: "No
one cares whether the Chinese Government falls or
not, whether the Conservative or the Reform party
in that country triumphs, the one essential thing is the
establishment of order."
. Salisbury is reported to be sanguine that the con
cert of Europe will bring about a peaceful solution of
the difficulties of the situation and to have declared
Great Britain will not take action without co-opera
tion of the powers, unless Russian aggression be
comes more apparent than it is now. That means,
of course, Great Britain is not eager for a single
handed fight against Russia and that her statesmen
would prefer to have some other power take the
Thus it appears Russia is the only power that
knows what she wishes and has the courage to act
upon that knowledge. Her officials in China have
gone about their business without waiting for the aid
or consent of any other nation. How far the Czar
is assured of the co-operation or the neutrality of
France and Austria in any movement his armies may
make upon China is a secret which will not be re
vealed unless war break out. He seems,. however, to
be sanguine that he will be left to do very much as he
pleases and possibly he may even have an agreement
with the Kaiser concerning the re-establishment of
that good order which it has been announced is the
sole desire of Germany.
The chief element of danger in the situation is
Japan. It requires no great foresight to peFceive
that if the Japanese are ever to make an effort to pre
vent Russia from obtaining domination over Korea
and Northern China the sooner they get at it the
better. Their opportunity is now. Great Britain has
virtually finished the war in South Africa. An army
of 100,000 men will be ample for all purposes there.
She can therefore assure Japan against any interfer
ence from France or any other power to assist Rus
sia. So the circumstances of the time, as well as the
situation itself, tend to incline the Japanese to strike
at once. It is therefore fairly sure that unless the
powers can in some way compel Russia to hold her
hand we may have war before the summer is over and
the- memory of the Peace Conference at The Hague
will be mocked even by the Czar who summoned it.
ALL the patrol sergeants, their cap
tains and lieutenants were sum
moned to meet Chief Sullivan in
the Police Commissioners' room
yesterday morning. The meeting lasted
for nearly an hour, and after its adjourn
ment those present went away whistling |
"A policeman's lot is not a happy one." j
The Chief told the assembled officers ]
that he had been surprised by the lack of
discipline shown by a large proportion of
the force, and he pointed out the causes
for. complaint. He had taken special no- j
tice of the manner in which the officers I
on the quarantine cordon in Chinatown
walked their boats. Some walked as if
they -had a heavy burden on their shoul
ders and life was not. worth living. When
a superior officer approached them, in
stead of coming to "attentiosi" and salut-
Ing properly they lifted the right hand
about a foot or so, swinging it around
as If it was great trouble to do even that
much. All officers must, when a superior
officer approaches, stand at attention and
give the proper salute, and remain at at
tention till the superior Ieave3 them, the
Chief ordered. '
Another thing that the Chief objected to
was the habit of policemen on their beats
talking politics and prizefights at street
corners. That had to be stopped, and an
officer must not talk to any citizen unles3
to answer a question put to him. the Chief
said. He must in the daytime walk on the
outside curb of the sidewalk, so that he
can see what is going on and be seen, and
at night he must walk in the shadow of
the buildings. He must parade his beat
from end to end and keep his eyes and
ears open.
"I read to the sergeants," said the
Chief, after the meeting, "the rules which
were recently adopted and are now In
print The sergeants are la closer touch
with the men than any one else, and I
look to them to see that proper disciplina
is enforced. I am determined to stop all
this easy-going sort of business, and if
the present sergeants cannot do so I will
pet others who will. There are several
things that require changing, and It
must be done. I have seen police
men durinjr a windstorm seek the shelter
of a doorway or something: else conveni
ent. That must be stopped. They must
parade their beats no matter what tha
weather may be. I want to make the de
partment one of the best on the conti
nent."
The men are wondering what will strike
them next. They had to set white stripes
on their trousers and white service stripes
on their coat sleeves and their coats
shortened. Now all of the old-time privi
leges are to be taken from them, and no
wonder they sing "A policeman's lot 13
not a happy one."
Caitoonist Warren's Ideas, of Effect of Chief Sullivan's Latest Orders.
TUESDAY V JUNE 12. 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address A'l Ccmmunicfians to W. S. LEAKE. fviararer.
SIAXAGER'S OFFICE TeIe P h<^"'J^!^^L??f
l'inLICATIO> OI'FICE. .SlnrUet «n*l TUIrd. S. F.
Telephone Trend 201.
EDITORIAL ItOOMS 217 to 221 SJerendOB St.
Trlrnbone I're«« 2O2.
nellTered by Cnrrlem. 15 Ont« Per Week.
Mrujlo Copies, r, Cent*.
Trrmi bj Mail. Including I'ostanei
r>/.n/T CALL <inrlud!r-_t Sur.day), one y»>ar M-03
fLX CALL, (Including Sunday). « months «.•>
I.V CALL (lnc'.udlnje Sunday). J months 1.50
I.Y CALL— Dy Str.plo Month «5o
DAY CALL One Tmr 1 »°
•:KLr CALX. One Year * °°
1! postmaster* are authorized to receive
¦ nbnrription*.
£a=-.?le orplrs W.l I- forwarded when requested.
Mai! subucribern in criwiiijr change of afl3re«» should be
particular to sive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS !n order
to Insure a prompt hv.i correct compliance with t^eir request.
I'AKI.UU OFFICE 1118 llrondrray
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Warquette Building. Chicago.
O<oc£ X>l5t*ne* Telephone ••Central K1V)
NFSV TOIIK CCRItESPONT3EXT:
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
XEW TOUK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN 5. SMJTH ;.33 Tribune Building |
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Efceroan Hccse: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
rVemcnt UctU"«; Auditorium Hotel.
Xirw TOHK NTCTVH STAXDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, n Union Square:
Hurra* P.U Hotel.
WASHINGTON iD. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hote'
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
-,. -'
DR I^TOH OF"*-TCES — JI7 Montgomery, corner of CTar. open)
until SSO o"dock. J00 Hayes. c?«i tintll 9:30 o'clock. 633 j
WcAJIlrter. open BBtfl S:30 o'clock. €15 Larkln. open until
*:J0 o'clock. 1341 Mlsreicn. rpen until 10 o'clock, rtfl Market, j
corner Sixteenth. <p«o until J o'clock. 1096 Valencia, cpen ,
ontll :• o'c!ix:k. 10C Eleventh. c;*n until 9 o'clock. N\V cor- j
ner Twenty-«eccr<i end Kentucky, open until f o'clock.
POLICEMEN'S LOT WILL SURELY
BE AN UNHAPPY ONE NOW
e PACIFIC COAST CANDIDATE.
THE announcement that Irving M. Scott is a
candidate ; for the Republican nomination for
Vice President will be received with gratifica
tion , throughout the Pacific Coast. It is time
the claims of this section of the Union should be rec
ognized in the politics of the country. The prece
dents of the past have established it as an unwritten
law that the President and the Vice President should
not be citizens of the same section of the Union.
Very rarely has the tule been violated. , Before the
war when the candidate for one of these offices was
chosen from the North the other was selected from
the South. Since the war the custom has been to
choose one from the East and the other from the
West. Up to this time the people on the Atlantic
seaboard have regarded the Mississippi Valley as the
West, but now the Pacific Coast has attained so much
of wealth and population that' the title "The Greater
West" is hers, and accordingly candidates who'.are
to represent Western progress and prestige most be
chosen from this side the continent.
When first the question of the selection of a can
didate for the Vice Presidency on the Republican
ticket came up for discussion The Call advocated the
nomination of a man from the Pacific Coast. At that
time The Call had no particular candidate to advance
and presented the claims of the Greater West solely
on the ground that it is entitled to recognition. It
i? gratifying to note that the claim has been recog
nized in the East, to the extent at least of giving con
sideration to the candidacy of a Californian. It now
remains for the people of the Greater -West to 'do
what they can to make that candidacy, successful.
Irving M. Scott is one of the foremost business
men of the time. His name and his work are known
in every commercial and industrial center; of. the
world. The warships built in his yards are the most
famous that no\v uphold our flag upon the ocean, nor
is there any other battleship of any nation whatever
now aflont upon the seas so renowned as the Oregon. .
Great as have been his successes in business Mr.
Scott has not devoted his energies solely to industry
and commerce. He has been active in the performance
of all the duties of citizenship and has taken a keen
interest in public affairs. He is 'well known in the
politics of California and has been'one of the stanch
est supporters of the Republican party and its poli
cies. As a campaign worker, writer and orator he
ranks among the foremost on the Pacific Coast, and
the value of his service has been widely recognized
not only here but in the East.
The nomination of Mr. Scott would strengthen the '
Republican party throughout the West. He has high
qualifications for the office to which he aspires. The
Senate would find in him a presiding officer of firm
ness, impartiality and energy. His candidacy is there
fore'one which the whole of the West can well afford
to indorse and work for. Let us have a Californian
Vice President to start the century. "J
destruction by the Anglo-Saxon
IN some American papers it is treated as extraor
j • 1 . dinary that signs are abroad of the existence of
j * great cordiality between Spain and the Central and
I South American republics which were once her
colonies. v
The thirteenth birthday of the boy King of Spain
was recently celebrated in Paris by an elaborate func
tion at the residence of the Spanish Minister. The
representative of Spain was assisted at this function
by the Ministers at Paris of Mexico, Chile, Nica
ragua, Guatemala, Costa Rica. Paraguay and the
Argentine Republic, in fact every former colony of
Spain in this hemisphere that maintains a legation at
the French capital was represented. The anniversary
was one incident to the last spark of hope of rejuve
nation of the Spanish monarchy. The future of
Spain as a monarchy depends upon the physical and
mental quality of this half Austrian lad. No courtesy
can more impress Spain than that offered by the dip
lomatic representatives of her former colonies on
such an occasion.
But this matter is not as extraordinary as some
American papers have made it appear.. Those coun
tries revolted from Spain, but since their independ
ence she has in no way sought their injury. She did
not insist in 18J4 upon claiming their people as sub
jects and. impressing them on the high seas as Eng
land claimed Americans in 1812. The base of the blood
of all the races from the Rio Grande to the Straits
of Magellan is Iberian and they have the same right
to boast of their Latin blood that we have to get high
and mighty over our Anglo-Saxon strain.
Even if- we treat this demonstration at Paris as an
expression of unfriendliness to the United States and
as cutting the slight bond of Pan-Americanism, there
is no need of surprise at that aspect of it. There is
no doubt that after the Venezuelan affair the United
States was in' high favor throughout South and Cen
tral America. The sixty millions of people who make
up the populations of the states on the isthmus and
continent south of us seemed to immediately develop
a hemispherical patriotism. They considered their
destiny and future as independent factors in the pub
lic and national family of the new world. Inspired
by the example of the United States they forgot Eu
rope as related to their career and the common bond
of civil institutions seemed stronger than the ties of
race and blood.
This was the'situation when the Spanish war broke
out. Unfortunately that brief and hardly glorious
struggle was accompanied by an American attack on
the Spanish race and character. Speeches made in
our Congress without qualification or exception
escribed the most monstrous qualities to all Span
iards. We did not pause for facts. The American
heart must be fired for war and to do so the Spanish
race was represented as a race of assassins, thieves,
perjurers, cowards and dastards. Some of the
speeches on that subject delivered in our Congress are
models of invective and, we must confess, of vitupera
tion.
This denunciation had its effect upon the Spanish
races in Central and South America. If they, ad
mitted the truth of the awful indictment they would be
admitting the taint of their own blood and the moral
inferiority of their race. But they did not admit, they
denied, and before a shot had been fired in the war
we had alienated every nation south of the Rio
What followed was not calculated to restore our
lost popularity in that region. We have appeared to
those people as avid of territory, with a new appetite
for conquest and all of the slowly 'allayed apprehen
sions excited by the Ostend manifesto have been re
newed. To them we stand as the world's leading pro
ponent of the doctrine that might makes right and
this effect has been to dull the asperities that were
between themselves, induce a closer union of inter
ests and a fonder feeling for their mother land. This
is all in the expectation that the time may come when
they must appeal to the world against us. It is born
of the belief that the hundred and sixty millions of
people of the Latin race will have to stand together
in some form of alliance to protect their states from
The memory of Bolivar and Sucre is no less cher
ished than formerly and the Latin-Americans are no
doubt devoted to popular institutions as they have
them, but this very devotion leads them to profound
ly distrust our intentions. The recent declaration of
a Methodist bishop that the world would soon come
to be all governed by a committee of four, consisting
of Great Britain, the United States, Germany and
Russia, is a bumptious expression of a virulent species
of international and flamboyant jingoism, but it is ac
cepted with sober literalness by our southern neigh
bors.
The evidence of the unfriendly situation is not con
fined to the ceremonial exhibit at Paris. Ever since
we entered upon the courses which led us through
the Spanish war our Central and South American
trade Has declined.* Those people have turned to
Europe and have averted their faces and diverted
their trade from us. This is a fact that we do not
announce with a bugle. Our trade statistics as far as
possible suppress it and strive to make it inconspicu
ous in the swell of our exchanges with Europe.
But while we do not at present feel the loss, it is a
symptom that is startling. Trade rarely follows senti
ment. It travels on the lines of fitness and cheap
ness. When it abandons these and follows sentiment
that sentiment must be very strong.
That this has occurred in Central and South Amer
ica is proof that the United States is as much isolated
: n the New World as Great Britain is in the old.
Fear and not friendship is the sentiment we inspire
now. We have gone backward to the. basis and the
feeling of the Ostend manifesto. We stand again for
the righteousness of might and we must face the con
So the Pan-American dream of Monroe and Blaine
djssolves and passes away. Between us and our
Latin- American neighbors is built a barrier of sus
picion that a century to come will not see removed
unless by some conspicuous and unselfish action on
our part equally as great as our defense of Venezuela.
EXIT PAN-AMERICANISM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 1900.
6
AUCTION SALES.
Vy BoOnal r>-y>— "W< fines lay. June 13, »t 11 c'clcck. Kire
Department Horses, at C^ Sixth street.
By Chase <t Men!-nh»;i-Thur«lay. June 14. at 11 o'clock,
hlEt-cias* liorsts. at l'Z2 Market street.
AMUSEMENTS.
Gnr£. OjXT».-hoos#— "Tlw Girl From CtlU."
CoIu=b!a-Ke!Ur.
Caliion:!»-"A Tin Solder."
riva:i-"MaJeieine."
Aicarxr— "Scj.J.0.- .
Orpheum— Va--.iev1!;e.
C:yrr.r1«. coruer Mascn and Edfly streets— Specialties. •
Clmu*. Zoo tnd Theater— Vauderille every afternoon ani
•venm*.
F1*ctoer* e— "E ma nl."
Futro H*thB— Or»a r'.fhts.EXAMINATIONS.
These examinations are open to all students of one or more of the courses.
Candidates will be given three weeks in which to prepare their answers. Cer
tificates will be granted in each course to students whose examination paper3
meet the approval of a committee of examiners. Mail all papers to The Home
Study Circle. The Call. San Francisco. Mark all papers "Examination."
DIRECTIONS: Write with ink on white paper and on only one side of each
sheet. The name and address of the candidate should be distinctly written at the
top of each sheet of examination paper. Candidates writing upon more than,
one course should mail their examinations in separate packages. Mail the sheets
without rolling and with as little folding as possible. See that postaga is fully
prepaid.
The names of successful candidates will be arranged In three groups according
to order of merit, as follows: (1) Excellent. (2) good. (3> fair.
16. Do you know a good cafe?
17. Waiter, another cup of coffee.
18. Thank you.
19. Have you any letters for me?
20. Can you give me change for aa
English sovereign?
7. Translate Jnto Enjrlish:
1. Je ne parle pas Frane,ais.
2. Je ne comprends pas. «
3. Savez-v6us 1' Anglais?
4. Pas blen.
5. Comment allez-vous?
6. Blen, Je vous remercie.
7. Ou sont ir.es bagages?
8. OH est ma chambre?
9. Avec beaucoup de plaisir.
10. Je vou3 demando pardon!
11. I>eux heures.
12. Pouvez-vous m'indlquer nne bonno
place?
13. Peut-on manger & bord?
14. Ou est le train de Paris?
li Deux secondes pour Paria. alle?
seulement.
16. Quelle station est-ce?
17. Rendez-mol la monnaie.
15. Je veux une chambre et un salon.
13. Montez-moi de l'eau chaude. Je voua
prle.
20. Je voudrai3 l'avolr mercredl.
Note— Complete answers will be ex
pected.
1. Illustrate the use of Ie, la, 1" and les
and give English translations.
2. Name tho most important accents in
French.
3. Give the names In French of the days,
months and seasons, with proper articles.
4. Count the ordinal numbers from "1"
to "12" and the cardinal from "12" to "24"
in writing.
5. Oive two rules regarding gender.
6. Translate into French: ¦
1. How do you do?
2. No, sir, I prefer a glass of water.
3. Thank you, you are very kind.
4. What is the day of the' week?
5. Slst. 60th. 10,000. 1900.
6. How is your wife?
7. To-morrow, at 11 sharp.
8. Show me the price list.
9. Are these German or French?
10. When does the London express
leave?
11. Will you go to England?
12. What is It worth?
13. How much by the week?
14. Have you rooms to rent?
15. Take us to the exhibition grounds.
Copyright, 1000, by Seymour Eaton,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 1900.
Coroner Cole is Investigating the death
of Mrs.' Miller of 1237 Union ; street, who
died from Injuries received In a criminal
operation, said by Dr. Bruno to have been
self-inflicted.
Killed by a Criminal Operation.
OFFICERS OF FOURTH
•* OF JULY COMMITTEE
Organization Effected, With Horace
Wilson as Chairman — No Out
side Subscriptions.
The committee having in charge the
Fourth of July celebration organized last I
night In the Mayor's office by electing
Horace Wilson chairman. Henry J. Staf
ford vice chairman and T. W. Hickey
secretary. The meeting was called to or
der by the Mayor, who stated that there
were to be no outside collections this year
and that the committee must get along on
the $2500 allowed by : the charter. Four
teen out of the eighteen members were
present. ' It was decided j that the chair
man 'should appoint committees on
finance, parade, literary exercises, . fire
works, music, printing and decoration.
A committee, will also be appointed to
report on the advisability of holding a
regatta. An effort will be made to have a
parade of a military character. The com
mittee will meet to-morrow night at a
place to be designated by Chairman Wil
son. .- . . . .
Japancso Cases Dismissed.
The cases of S. Sakta. A. Takahaski and
S. Nino, members of the Japanese Cigar
ette Makers' Union charged with misde
meanor embezzlement, were dismissed by
Judge Cabanlsa yesterday. The union is
torn with dissensions and both factions
are seeking to punish each other. Re-
Welburn's Bondsmen Lose.
The law firm of Rodgers. Paterson A"
Slack moved In the United States court
yesterday for a new trial in the case ot
the United States of American against E.
i-v. Pond and others as bondsmen r»f O. M.
Welburn as Collector of Internal Rerenus
for the F'rat District of California. On
the trial the Government received a ver
dict for W5.U0O. Junee Morrow denied tho
motion for a new trial and the caso will
probably go to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals.
Is Accused of Impersonating Hia
Brother to Get Pension
Claim.
"My name is Peter Morgan Ashley
Smith Crane, or else our family Blbla
lies." said Mr. Crane to United States
Marshal Shine yesterday morning. The
gentleman had been taken into custody
at Covelo, Mendodno County, on a charge
of having: made a false affidavit to a pen
sion claim. -y -
It Is alleged In the complaint that Crane,
Impersonating his brother Smith Crane,
applied for an original war pension, and
swore before Special Examiner Hlrsch
that he had been a member of Company
I. One Hundred and Eleventh Illinois In
fantry, and had been Incapacitated by
wounds received In action.
The prisoner was committed to Jail
pending examination. The Government
authorities are confident of their ability
to convict him..
PETER MORGAN ASHLEY
SMITH CRANE IN JAIL!
Auditor Wells has served formal notice
upon Sullivan & Sullivan, attorneys for
Bateman Bros., builders of the Hall -of
Justice. Informing them that unless ac
tion Is commenced in the courts against
the city to settle their claims within five
days he will disregard their notice to
withhold the balance of $S7,S57 now in the
fund set aside for the building of the
hall. This action is calculated to bring
matters to a head and force the settle
ment of the claim's against the city aris
ing from the construction of the hall.
The Auditor stated yesterday that the
demand for money to pay the city's ob
ligations Is so great and the cash account
so short that he did not feel like longer
assuming the responsibility of withhold
ing on a mere notice moneys justly due
worklngmen. The original fund amount
ed to $203,950. On this demands have been
audited amounting to $216,857. leaving a
balance of about $S7,S57 on hand. The
first contract price of the hall was $216.
857, but Bateman Bros, have in addition
a large bill for "extras" and. besides
these, other contracts for additions and
changes in the building amount to a con
siderable figure.
Hateman Bros, have the first chance at
the fund. Against them $30,000 worth of
liens have been filed with the Auditor.
The other contractors are now clamoring
for money t ami the Auditor proposes to
honor their claims at once, regardless of
those of the original contractors, unless
Bateman Bros, take legal steps to prevent
him so doing.
Refuses to Longer Tie Up Money
for Which There Is Great De
mand Unless Court
Orders It.
Auditor Notifies Contractors
That They Must Act in
Five Days.
MAY DRAW UPON
HALL OF JUSTICE
RESERVE FUND
J. R. Hay, alias Hayes, was arrested
early yesterday morning on Kcarny street
by Captain Jules J. Callundan and Patrol
man J. R. Cleary of the Morse Detective
Agency and charged at the California
street police station with obtaining money
under false pretenses. The arrest was
made on a warrant sworn to by Walter A.
Gompertz, cashier for R. Dunsmuir's
Sons Company, which firm Is a victim to
the extent of $140 of the novel scheme
worked by the accused.
According to the complaint on file Hay
represented himself as a solicitor for the
Mercantile Gazette Publishing Company
of Denver, Chicago, Seattle and San Fran
cisco and as such secured the signature
of the firm to a contract for a small sum
for an advertisement..
Hay's description of the vast circulation
of his publication and its worth as an
advertising medium, together with the
cheap rate asked, caused the firm to be
lleve the Investment a good one and the
contract was signed on first presentation
and the money was paid to Hay at the
same time. In the left hand upper cor
ner of the printed form were the words
"Contract No. — ," above which, on re
ceipt of the coin, Hay wrote the words,
"The« undersigned firm has paid in full
all demands or.." and then signed his
name In the presence of the advertiser.
A few days after this transaction Hay
presented a bill for a large amount to the
cashier of the firm. Pinned to the bill was
the contract described with the blank
spaces filled In to correspond with the
amount demanded. The words written
by Hay at the time of securing the con
tract were not in evidence, having been
carefully out from the body of the docu
ment by the scheming operator. "
The cashier was not aware of the orig
inal transaction, but was satisfied with
the firm's signature and handed over the
amount to Hay. without comment. In due
course of time the fraud was discovered
«nd steps were Immediately taken to
round up the wily solicitor.
In Investigating. the man's record It was
found that the Dunsmuir's Sons Company
was not the only victim of Hay's clever
"graft" and further that the concern-rep
resented by him never, did exist except in
the smooth trickster's fertile Imagina
tion. ;,
The case agalnst'Hay was assigned. to
Judge Cabaniss yesterday, but was heard
by Judge Mogan. The prisoner was rep
resented by Attorney Curtis, who asked
that the case be dismissed, as there was
then no complaint on file, but the request
was • denied - by Judge Mogan. ; who In
formed the attorney that he would listen
to a motion to dismiss this morning. At
torney Curtis declared that he would sue
out a writ of habeas corpus for the re
lease of his client. .¦
Cashier for Dunsmuir's Sons Com
pany Charges Him With Fraud
in a Recent Advertising
Transaction.
J. R. Hay Is Landed in Jail
For Alleged Raising
SMOOTH SCHEMER
PLIES HIS WORK
ONCE TOO OFTEN
After Finishing Their Business Thosa
Present Hold an Enjoyable
Smoker.
Carpenters* Union No. 4S3 last nfght
elected Its officers for the ensuing six
months, after which the new and old offi
cers, with the members, indulged In a
smoker at which there was fun and frolic.
The names of the officers and delegate-*
who will represent the union are as fol
lows: President. C. A. Templeton; vie**
president. W. Spencer: recording secre
tary, C. H. Stocks; financial secretary,
Guy Lathrop; treasurer. O. M. V. Rob
erts: warden, C. Campbell; conductor, W.
H. Hutchinson: auditors. J. Henner, C.
A. Templeton and A. Lund. Delegates tr>
the Building Trades' Council— W. H. Goff.
P. J. McKenna. C. A. Templeton. A. Lund.
C. H. Stocks and W. Chalmers; delegates
to the District Council— W. Kidd. W.
Walsh. C. A. Templeton. A. Lund and C.
H. Davis: delegates to the Labor Council
— W. H. Goff. T. E.Zandt. C. H. Stocks
and J. W. Coubourn. The election of
trustees went over until the next session
of the council.
CARPENTERS' UNION
ELECT ITS OFFICERS
about one thing and then go off to an
other before he had finished what he was
saying on the first subject. Emil collect-
ed the rents for the firm, but the witness
could not say whether they aggregated
$3000 a month or not.
THE Inquest into the cause of death
of Emil Rosenbaum was concluded
yesterday afternoon and the jury
returned a verdict of suicide. The
first witness was Mrs. Terese Parks of
1530 Fulton street. She is a sister of Mrs.
Rosenbaum and her beauty made a visible
impression upon the Coroner and the jury.
Her testimony was to the e # ffect that Mr.
and Mrs. Rosenbaum were* the happiest
married couple she ever knew, and that
having lived in the same house with them
for some time she had ample opportunity
of learning how they got along together.
Louis Cook, professional watcher of the
dead, told the jury that he was called in
to sit up with the body at 8 o'clock la§t
Monday evening. The body had been un
dressed and laid out before he arrived.
He saw two tumblers on the music stand
near the piano which he was informed had
contained the poison.
Isaac S. Rosenbaum, uncle of the dead
man, was the next and last witness, and
In reply to questions as to the relations
between Emil and his brother Albert, said
that he did not know of any cause that
might have led up to Emll's death. He
had heard Albert on several occasions
begging Emil not to go to the races and
squander his money. The witness never
heard that Mrs. Sadie Rosenbaum had.ac
companied her husband to the office to
save him from attacks of Albert. Albert
and Emil seemed to be the best of friends.
He had never heard Emil speak of com
mitting suicide. With reference to the
sanity of the dead man the witness al
ways considered him rational and capable
of doing business, but at times his con
versation was light. On such occasions
he ueed to make foolish remarks and talk
Mrs. Teresa Parks, the Widow's Beautiful Sister, Testifies at Inquest.
Secretary of the American Box Fac
tory Charged With Conspiracy
to Defraud.
J. W. Bartholemew was arrested last
evening in Lane's Hospital by United
States Marshal Shine on complaint of R.
P. Merillon, president of the American
box factory, charging Bartholemew with
unlawful conspiracy to defraud the United
States out of large sums of monev in vio
lation of section 6440. Revised Statutes.
The complaint was sworn to at 5 o'cloclc
yesterday afternoon before United States
Court Commissioner Manley in the ab
sence of Commissioner Heacock.
Bartholemew was sick at the hospital,
and United States Commissioner Georg«
E. Morse proceeded to the hospital and
formally released him upon his givinj?
bonds in the sum of JCOCO with Henry
Euler and Thomas E. Ryan as sureties.
He will appear before Commissioner Hea
cock for preliminary examination on Juna
IS at 11 a. m.
The alleged fraud is said to be- J223 8T
overcharge on a bill of the box factory
against the United States Quartermaster's
Department. The overcharge is alleged
by Merillon to have been the corrupt act
of Bartholemew. who is the secretary of
the American Box Company.
J W. BARTHOLEMEW IS
PLACED UNDER ARREST
cently several expelled members were ar
rested for felony embezzlement and th«
Judge dismissed the cases on the ground
that the union was not Incorporated and
all «¦» members were tenants in common.
Ti«. aadge remarked yesterday that the
Japanese appeared to be very litigious
and occupied considerable time of the
courts. •
The Board of Education in committee
yesterday overhauled the rules governing
the department and_made some important
changes. Hereafter teachers who are ab
sent for more than two months, except
in case of serious illness, will be placed
on the substitute list and their places
filled by the election of teachers on that
list. Teachers suffering from tuberculo
sis or offensive catarrh, upon proper ex
amination are subject to suspension or
dismissal, and the samo fate will befall
all employes of the department who fail
to pay their debts.
The expected did not happen in regard
to the apportionment of pupils in classes.
The rule remains practically as before —
the maximum of enrolled pupils in first
grade classes will be 50. on an average at
tendance of* 43. and in all other grades
55 on an average attendance of 45. The
home study hours were reduced, however,
the rule now being th*it pupils of the
fifth, sixth and seventh-grades are to be
given not more than one hour of home
study; pupils of the eighth grade not
more than one and a half hours, and
high school grades not more than two
hours.
An important change was the reduction
of the time for holding: examinations for
promotion from one year to six months,
giving pupils who are behind a chance to
catch up more readily. The present rule
relieving principals who have eight
classes or more under their care from
teaching was amended, a provision being
madothat in the absence of c teacher
for not more than five day:* the principal
shall conduct the classes of the absentee,
provided that in the absence of two teach
ers from the same school at one time the
principal may have assistance.
The new rule governing the absence of
teachers reads as follows:
"Leave of absence granted to any teach
er for a period of more than two months,
unless In casev oL serious illness, shall
necessitate the placing of such teacher
upon the substitute list, and another
teacher shall be psrmanently assigned to
the position thus vacated, provided that
teachers who *fcaT»? served continuously
in the department for ten years may be
granted leave of absence, without pay, for
/not more than one year, and the positions
of such teachers, shall be kept open until
they return, provided that such leave of
absence when once granted cannot be ab
breviated, and provided further that three
and six months' leave of absence shall be
granted only from the beginning of the
term, except In cases of total disability."
Following are the new rules concerning
teachers who do not pay their debts and
those who have contracted contagious dis
ea "Any employe of this department who
willfully neglects to pay his or her Just
debts, having the aoillty to do so. shall be
subject to suspension or dismissal from
the department." - -
"Any teacher in this department who.
after proper examination by a physician
designated by the Board of Education,
shall be found to be suffering from tuber
culosis or offensive catarrh shall be liable
to dismissal." m .
Mrs Klncald was chairman or the com
mittee, but all of the members of the
board took part In the discussion. Su
perintendent Webster was also Present.
All agreed to the changes. The board will
meet in regular session to-day to formally
adopt the rules.
Leaves of Absence Will Be Limited
to Two Months Except In Special
Cases — Home Study Hours
Reduced.
Board of Education in Com
mittee Agrees to Amend
Rules.
TEACHERS WITH
TUBERCULOSIS
TO BE DROPPED
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
TWENTY LESSONS IN FRENCH CONVERSATION.
VERDICT OF SUICIDE RESULT
OF THE ROSENBAUM INQUEST
7
TELEPHONE STOCK FOR SALE.
SAFEST AND BEST INVESTMENT BEFORE THE PUBLIC TO-DAY.
PEOPLE'S MUTUAL TELEPHONE COMPANY,
CAPITAL STOCK $5,000,000. 50.000 SHARES OF $100 EACH
Is thi owner of the most valuable Telephone Franchise In the
Un'ted States.
Has 3500 contracts for use of its telephones.
Has assured net income of over $100,000 a year.
CIVES city FREE telepbanes aqd switching In all clcy offices: FREE Fir*
"and PollceDepartmerjt wires.
CIVES city telephooe users $2,000,000—20.000 shares of Its stocK for using Its
phones.
Charges lower rates tharj Bell Conjpany.
Will pay 10 per cerjt dividends on Us stock If supported by telephone users.
GUARANTEES that no assessment will ever bi levied on Its stock-
Will Keep trillions of dollars It) California that now go to Eastern capitalists.
ONLY 5OOO SHARES for sale, for construction purpeszs. at $25 00 a share,
payable. In njontb y Installments of $5.00. Last day for subscription June
Full information furnished on application to
PEOPLE'S MUTUAL TELEPHONE COMPANY,
2O6 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
FUtt'i Chlorides, the Best Disinfectant.
Odorless liquid, prompt, cheap, efficient. •
First— the medicine that
holds the record for the
largest number of abso-
lute Gutros of female ills
Is Lydla Em Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound*
Second— Mrs* Pinkham
can show by her letter
files in Lynn that a mil-
lion women have been
restored to health by her
medicine and advice*
Third-All (letters to Mrs.
Plnkham are received,
opened, road and an-
swes*ed by women only B
This fact is certified to by
the mayor and postmas-
ter of Lynn and others of
Mrs* PSnkhatn' s own city*
Write for free book con-
taining these certificates*
Every ailing woman Is
invited to write to Mrs,
Plnkham and got her ad'
Wee free of charge*
Lydla E. Plnkham Sled. Cos Lynn, Mast.
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
DfXSE & RVLETS ALL-STAR CAST.
Including
MATTHEWS AND BULGER, Mary Marble.
Walter Jones. Maud«> «'ourtney and
thirty others, in Uoyt's
**A TIN SOLDIER."
?7>^c!alt:<*». !r<-ludir.£ the gr^at hit. "MOXET
IN" THE BANK." and the Weber and F'.-Ms
artiiriasiS tongs, fcr the first time In San Frau-
C .too.
NEXT WEKK-Mairr.ineent produ-ri «n «.f
ITcvtr "A MILK WHITE FLAG." wth John
V. . Tur.ne as Napoleon and Mary Marble aa
thf <>:rhan. th^ir original creations.
THE BEST VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
AMEMCA.
Headed by Fuch Well-known Stars as
VAN AND N0BR16A COMPANY,
JOSEPH HART AND CARRIE DE MAR,
MISS LILLIAN BURKHART & CO.,
—And Includfns—
JOHN E. CAMP. THE MARVELOUS MER-
RILLP BTDXBT DEAXE, FLEURETTE
>NI» UAilM.NER, illi. AXD SIRS. JlilMIK
HARRY.
Reserved Peats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Cbalra and Box Seats. 50c.
eea Wednesday, Saturday &vA Sunday.
PHONE MAIN E32.
A LAUGHING TRIUMPH.
Genuine Success of the New York Farce
Comedy Furor,
TheCirl Finm Chili.
Next Wt-ek — Th^ Rural Dramatic Idyl,
*"A HOMESPUN HEART."
PRICES 10c, 13c. 2Zc, 50 Cents
Good Reserved Seat in Orchestra at Ail
Matinf-es 2D cents.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
L^LUflBlA^ssss
P20VED So^Rc^i AM-ZEMENT!
Ertrj Sigbt. isclc&isg Seeder. Xitisee Eatarday.
KELLAR
THE>
CRE4T
MAGICIAN.
IXEj:!ayin« Hl« Own Original Discox-crtea In the
Realm of the Marvelous.
»fj<ry Mysterious and Mirthful Manipulations.
PRICES-25C. 35c. 50c, 75c and Jfl.
ANOTHER ENORMOUS SUCCESS!
A PACKED HOUSE LAST MGHT
GREETED WITH APPLAUSE AND CHEERS
Tfce Revival of the Comic Opera,
MADELEINE
or THE MAGIC KISS.
And the Artlrtic Work of the Company. In-
cludlni
ANNA LIGHTER. FEUKIP HARTMAN and
EDWIN STEVENS.
Evenincs at S. Matinee Saturday at 2.
. Popular Prices *S and V) Cent*.
Telephone— Bush 9.
cIVheatre ?\>
EVERY NIGHT AT S:10.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Presenting
TO-Mor.r.ow night,
White Whittlesey as Jean Gaussin.
—
MATINEE SATURDAT ONX.T.
SEATS SIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
TrTQPWP*n*c; concert house.
rlOUllllKO Admisoion 1O:.
GREAT LAMIURni OPERA QUARTET AND
£I(J. AliltAMOJT. in Last Act of
"EUXAXI*
b8*beOe TCniJerwood and D*n*te!le Sisters.
;:• : • r-.. d Beau. *3c Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS. OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m. •
ADMISSION 30 cents. CHILDREN S cent».
• Bathing. Including admission. 25c. Children 20c.
___ WABNEB'S BEMEDIES.
IT QTAMnQ
AN OBJECT -' i^^- ftl^^ffll
LESSON j^ili^
IN TUB SCIENCE OF £&!&p|lB
MEDICINE ViW^^iiP
A Houehold Word in Four Continents.
iflr I hzrvc seen some very serious coses cf^Sjk
// kidney and bladder troubles cured through i» Wl o f* r\ o •• ' r»
m the use of Warner's Safe Cure, after doctors V4 »» Cll IlCI 3
J had failed to do any good. I have used it my- Y»
if self several times when bilious and , for indiges- 12 SAFF
I tion, and never have failed to find help from its |
use. I am therefore pleased to endorse it zs well E -. _ _ «-__-,
4 \srorthy the confidence of those suffering with B \^ \^J fJ \~*
•h stomach troubles or diseases of the f^"'^ J*
V* MARIE L. ANDERSON. B CURES LIVER AND
>& J007 J3th Street. M KIDNEY DISEASES.
Marie L. Anderson was for several years MB
nurse at the Los Angeles, Cal., Hos- ArW
7';^1. Is now in Washington in j£i?
the sui^c capacity. j(&p
"I bare gone 14 days at a time without a
BOTfnent of the bowels, not being ablo to
move tbem except t>r using hot water Injections.
Clironlc constipation for teveu rears placed mo in
this terrible condition; during that time I did ev-
er y t hi r.c I beard of but never found any relief; 6iicn
was niy caso until I ocean H6lii(t CASCABKTS. I
now l:ave from one to three passages a Cay. and if I
wm rich 1 would g'ro $100.00 for each movement; it
U mcb a relief." avlmek I., iu-.vt,
1CS9 nus&eli St.. Detroit. Mich.
«P 7 % PATHA RTI C
TnAOt MARK RtOISlTRCO
Pleaitct. Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do
Good, Nerer Sicken. Weaken, or Gripe. 10c. 20c. 50c.
... CURE CONSTIPATION. ...
•UrUac tUn*4x t ••p.... Cfalrtg*. iHlntl, Saw lerl. 322
jjf ELECTROZONE, |j
NlMXly DR# PIERCE>S
iffm® ELECTRIC
I WP#' BELT.
this belt is war.
**^fi. ranted to be the latest Im-
* proved, most powerful and
In aTl redacts the beat now manufactured In
any part of the world. Its equal does not exist.
The Galvanometer chows its electrto current to
be double that of any other. Easily regulated.
Durablj Insulated. Latest improved attach-
ments. Special conductors and electrodes.
Double wire euFpen^ory for men. It will pur»
eny disease on earth that it Is possible to cur*
•with electricity, and it cures when others fail.
Buy r.o belt till you tee "Dr. Plerce't."
••Ikiok'et No. 2." free at office or sent by mall
for & 2-ceat stamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street.
(Opp. Palace Hotel). SAN FRAJfCISCO
Eastern Office— New York City.
F»/\L/\GE HOTEL
The htgh standard of excellence main-
tained by these hotels Is recognized and
appreciated by a discriminating and fas-
tidious clientele who regularly make them
their headquarters when in San Francisco.
Located In close proximity to wholesale
and rhcpplnr districts, places of amuse-
ment and with the further advantage of
having street cars to ell points of Interest
pass the entrance.
American plan. European plan.
GRAND HOTEL
! *^l 1 S fi 111 |^n RTI 3^i<* Kj X I^HI#?9
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DHKDGI.NO PUMPS
f / r> C% C" 5-1 'Were successful at Nome last
[\l\UUi1 ) tar. All ethers failed. In opera,
tlon daily. • Stevenson St., S. T.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS,
f 1 /"If CAW *^ ald dredging pumps, the only
•I ,1 L IV J U 1 1 Fuccetsful pump manufactured.
*" ' ' C25 Sixth it., ban Francisco.
PORTAHLB i.OUSES.
BCnXHAM-STAXDEFOItD CO.. Wasblnrtoa
and 1st » ts.. Oakland, cr Builders' Ex.. S. F.
~~ MEDIC1NS CASES.
FERRY DRUG CO *£££'«..
Weekly Call.$1.00 per YearSun, Moon and Tide.
Umted States Cfoast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters, at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published' by official au
, thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Tbe high and low waters occur at
the city front wharf) about
tweoty : flva minutes later than at Fort Potat;
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. June 11.— Alter a day of great
lrrcrularlty la ;he movement of prices and an
extrercely narrow interest In the market, prices
of stocks closed generally lower and on the
£owa £T*fle. There were cr.e or two periods of
f.n::ae5s end a few special features of Btrength,
bat practically a!l the pains were wiped out.
The market opened gr-neraliy higher ia sym
pathy with a better tone abroad. Estimates
'by arbitrage houFe* of buying for London ac
couct p!ac« the number of chares of general
¦ list fct upward cf ZXCW. Advantage was
pru^iptly takrn of this London buying to real
lie and t!ie levrl cl the market fell Wow Sat
urday's close, ilifsouri Pacific ran off over a
pclQt and the Kiatig'-rs were under pressure on
the ground of continued drought in the North
;west, to vhlch was attributed the furiously hc
tivt a:v I fx<-;ited wheat market. Buying of
Reading preferred and of Northern Pacific
turned tlie tidt? of priors upward again. The
trunk !5ne railroad rt.xhK. !ed by Baltimore
cnA Ohio, ctiiAvcd degree of ftren^ih. The
late reaction in the market had '.is inception In
.Northern Parirlc. TUe rtock fell away on the
annouiic-sineut that the meeling to eim^der the
i-r.tc of dividend, . w hkli lm<: been Sixed fcr
Wednesday, hud lir«:i [oUpoocd to Friday to
awuit the arriv.-.i c' ,\t\ ir.iluent.ial nr» :nl)cr of
the votirg tru^ttf-r. Coupled v.lth the u;>infon
rf-ported h\ J. J. HJU that "it will he well for
¦us £.11 to co s '.itile slow" in Increasing divi
dends, fr-ars were nwKkered in the tninds of
traders that a disappointment is forthcoming
in the dividend on Northern IVcISe common.
which thc-y hav? <>xp«>c!»rd would be increased to
a regu-ar ee-mi-annuaJ rat<» cf two per cent.
Bfcltlmore and Ohio showed the closest syra
gatfay with Ncrrhem I'aclfte en account of Mr.
Ilill'* large iBt^TMt in that company. The
<xtren;e decline in the stocks wsb 1% for North
era Pacific n»id J*» for I3altim->re anJ Ohio.
Tfce whole ir.arltft ran en* nnl closed about
FteaBy, but v.;th''Ut any tendency to recover.
fione cf the FtrTprth of Americans in London
Ml <3up tn a :-cp»rt that there had been raJns
'.n the rpjinir Wheat t*lt. but the later devel
opment* in tli^ wheat market, r>f course, coun
teraotrsl thit. Tii* firincipnl influence in im
provement of foreign FtocUs was the- more
cheerful tone < r the Berlin market and the be-
Jlef that the crisis in money rJTairs there was
pa£t. Tb» t-tr^inpr return fcr the. wert of the
Imperial Bank cf Germany emrhacized thin
:«-,!.if. Hut d-><^>unt raieg in Berlin advanced
;.t-';;:n to-«'.ay and in New York both the eterl-
Jiic esx3>ABS« rat^-s en Berlin rus? a fraction.
Notwithstanding the purchesa Iiere of stocks
Jor the I<;r^frn acr-ount. The l»te weakness of
the markot v.ai> no cloubt partly duo to the
report vbieS found r-urrenirj- n«ir the cloke that
rold to a «-onn»lerible amount l>e shipped
\<y nert Thurf<lay'i> t learner tran New York
to th* Continent. BlKttotiea of railroad traffic
Jrom Oltloafetj eSot a further railing off in tUe
f«c:lpts of grain at that point, although tbe
?aet-bound movement of freight wu consld
<rably better than th* weelc before. The com
par&tlve nrmnees/Cf the trunk line stocks wax
thus explained. !
Th« l>and nmrlcft vu very dull anil inclined
to be heavy, though thore were a few «xcep-
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CALL CALENDAR.
Exchange and Bullion'.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — U SZ%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SSU
bterllnt; Cades — < u
New York Exchange, sight — io >
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 12^4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60
Mexican Dollars 4S',4 4a
Wheat and Other Grains. *\s
TVHEAT— The foreign markets were quieter,
but Chicago reported renewed excitement owing
to Insufficient rains in the Northwest, where
there were only light and scattered ehowers.
The demand was general and the tone strong.
Corn was easy and neglected. Later on the
market became .quieter with some realizing
and there was a disposition to hold oft for the
Government report. The American visible sup
ply decreased slightly. Advices from the North
west were tho won't yet received, and the con
sensus of the best opinion is that half a crop is
all that is possible under any conditions.
London reported very beneficial rains and fa
vorable crop prospects in the Danubian prov
inces: also heavy rains in Southern Rus
sia, with crop iprospects all that could be de
sired. .
The local maket stiffened again 'with a re
covery In futures.
Spot "Wheat— Shipping, 95®9C«ic; milling
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — !):15 o'clock — December 4000
ctls. Jl 05; 8000, J104?i; 6000. $1 04>i; 44.000.
U lH*i; 2000. Jl 04%.
; Second Session— December— 10,000 ctls, $1 om.
, Regular Morning Session— December— 60W)
CtlF, $1 04U.
¦ Afternoon Beeslon — December — 2 !,C0O ctls
i W 04U.
BARLEY— The market is held with fair stead
iness, but trade is not reported active.
Feed, 7Cc for No. 1 and tio!§67V4c for oft grades;
Brewing and Shipping grades, 73@8Oc; Cheva
lier, nominal.
CALL, BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December — 2000 ctls, 70c.
OATS — There is nothing going on besides the
Government order already mentioned and quo
tations stand the same.
"White. $1 iom 30; Red, $1@1 20; Gray, Jl 07H
©1 If.; Black. $1®1 07% Per ctl.
CORN — Thre are more samples showing than
for some time and the market Is dull. Eastern
large Yellow, $1 15 per ctl; Eastern White. 11
<&1 05 per ctl: Mixed, $1 10.- • .
RYE— Quoted at S7',£c for new and 92&c for
old. with a dull market.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUn— California family extras, $3 C0@3 75,
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 Wrftz 60; Oregon
end Washington, $2 25©3 per barrel, j
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usu^r discount to the trade: Graham
riour. *2 75 tif-T 1C0 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 76: Rye
Meal, $2 60; ¦ Hice Flour. *7; Corn Meal. $2 £0;
Oat Groats. ?4 E0; Hominy. $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. ?W4 25; Cracked ,Wheat, $3 23'
Farina, $4 £0; Whole -Wheat Flour, $3: Rolled
Oats (barrels). $S«7 25; In sacks, J5 75®7; Pearl
Barley. $J; Split Peas, $5; Greon Peas, $5 60-per
100 lbs.
Hay " and Feedstu ffs.
. Prices for everything stand the same. The
market Is without feature.
BRAN-J12 5CS13 M) per ton.
MIDDLINGS-fHiS'ZO'per ton.
FEEDS/i; FFS— Rolled Barley, flse-16 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at th^-mlll, ?26@27: Jobbing.
J27 WHijIS; Cocoanut Cake, $:05"21: Corn Aleal,
$23; Cracked Corn. $25 60; Mixed Feed, $15 50.
HAT— Wheat, $7@9 for common to good, $3 50
610 for choice; Wheat and Oat, J7 F,0®3 50: Oat
$6@S: Barley, $5®7; Alfalfa. *5®>7 &0 per ton.
NEW HAT— Volunteer, *4@6; Wheat. *6®7:
Clover, $4 5C©S; Alfaira, $5«j7; Barley, $4®5 per
°6TRAW-25S37«c per bale. .
. . Beans and Seeds.
There is nothing further to report.
UEANS— liayoe.' $2 S303: small White, 13 25®
3 40; large White. - $2 75@3; Pink, $2 50@2 90;
Red. $2 50®3; Blackeye, $3 5C©3 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 SQ'tfi 40; Pea, S3 40@3 bo; Kcu
Kidneys. J4©4 50. > ' T U[TI!^iiTirrr*W i m»'HLl"«> 1 l iJUfJ
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax,- $19002 20; Canary. SHc
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 2V4<6'3c; Hemp. *9*%o;
Timothy, 4@4J4c . SffiEKSPSS
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- July. Sept.
Opening 5 10« 5 10%
Closing 5 ll»i 5 11%
Opening 20 70 22 35
Closing 20 £0 22 30 t
Flour—
Opening ....28 05 29 20
Closing 28 00 -29 20
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. June 11.— CATTLE— Receipts, 13;.
GOO; steers, 10fg"0c higher; active; butcher stock,
10c higher and strong. Natives— Best on. sale
to-day. $3 90 and -four cars at $5 SO; good; to
prime steers, $5 25'ff5 90; poor to medium, fi 60@
5 15; selected feeders, stronger,. Jl 40@5 10;
mixed stockers, steady, $3 75<$4 25; cows, $3 lOr»
4 7S; heifers, $3 25@5 20; cannera. 12 40®3; bulls,
t3iti 50; calves, steady, $5@7. Texans— kecelpts.
105; best on : sale to-day, five cars : at $4 SO;
Texas fed steers, 15^ 20c higher; Texas grass
BMB9I • * - - ¦ — - - *
CHICAGO. June 11.— "Wheat was excited
and buoyant to-day and the pit a very busy
place. A huge amount of trade was transacted.
All the ccmmi?Eion houses had an extra num
ber of brokers in the pit — "jammed In, crammed
In, any v.-ay to get in," as one of them put it.
Fluctuations were wide. Practically there was
but cne consideration, the situation of, the
sprinp crop in the Northwest. The frantic ad
vances, however, were tempered by large
profit-realizing: eales. Had it. not. been for these
sales the price might have advanced right on
through the roof. Despite the stuK put on the
market in this way most of the advance wa«
held. Prices depended upon the pressure of
buyers or fellers at the time. July opened at
72%fi7:^c and shot up to 73?4@73"f,c without a
brtak. "Realizing by longs forced it hack to
73Vic, but following the dip, the market ad
vanced aggressively to 74c, the highest price
since October, when the Boer was began. A de
cline from this price to 73»6«?78ttc was Jollowed
hy a recovery to 73vi<373"4c. On the heels of this
buljre July dropped to 73i,4c; then recovered
to 73^8&7o>ic and, to wind up, dropped to 73',ic.
at which the market closed at 2 1 / i(S2Vic over
Saturday. At the opening the fact that the
Northwest had received no rain over Saturday
was a piece of bull information staring trad
ers in the fice. Rain had fallen In moderate
showers around the drought stricken section,
but the Dakotas and Minnesota were still dry.
To-day's signal service prediction held forth no
hope of relief. During the day reports of
damages in .the Northwest flooded the com
mission houses. The burden of them was that
an optimistic view promised less than half a
crop; that a week more o£ dry weather meant
the practical destruction ef the crop. With
Information of this sort clou at hand foreign
news was ijmored comnietely.
The corn market was quiet and although it
showed tone advance early under the influ
ence of the wheat etrensth, lost It later and
closed heavy. July closed *ic down at 38*4c.
Oat3 were fairly active. July closed un
chancrd at 22c.
Provisions were dull and featureless, clos
ing rather easy. The market phowed some
steadiness early. In sympathy with the wheat
strength, but lost it later. July pork closed un
changed. July lard 2 1 / %@5c lower and July ribs
a rhude down.
The leadins futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
firm; No. 3 spring wheat, 63@72c; No. 2 red
7')c; No. 2 corn, 29833^0; No. 2 yellow, 39Vi@
4<>c; No. 2-oats, 22%«22c; No. 2 white, 25»iQ26c:
Xo. 3 white, 25'523 : ?4c; No. 2 rye, 55c; Rood
feedlnpr barley, Zl$lZV?Lc; fair to choice malt
ir.tr, 41<343e; No. 1 flaxseed, *1 SO: No. 1 North
western, fl 80; mess pork, per barrel, $10 65®
11 £0; lard, per 100 pounds, $6 72 l A@5 SO; short
rib i>!d«»9 <Ioofp), $8 "0ff7; dry Halted Ehoulders
(iKixed), $6 uO®6 7S; ehort clear sides (box»d)
$7 30S7 40: T/hisky. basis of hijth wines, jl 23
clover, contrnct grade, $8. ,-«¦''
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butler
n^arktt v.-as steady; creamery. H»iglSUc: dairy
lSVift 15'*c. Cheese, quiet, SjjS^c. Eggs^ weak;
fresh, lC'io.
ARRIVED.
Monday, June 11.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson. 3S hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr City of Pubela. Jepsen, 53 hours from
Victoria and Puset Sound.
F^-J n f,^atlonal City, Dcttmers, 11 hours from
t^tmr Scotia. Jacobs, IS hours from Rockport
V ot** ° e ° Mmi *' 32 hours from
rf.l^" Alcazar ' Martln - <* hours from San
Cr stmr Wardeld, Pattle. i days from Oyster
Harbor.
latv" h riv 5 er Danie!S ° n ' Brown ' 8 day3 from Slu3 "
Schr Archie and Fcntie. Johannsen, S days
from Timber Cove
CLEARED.
ilonday, June 11
Stmr .Santa Rosa. Alexander, fan DieKO-
GoodaU, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Cot.s Bay, Shea. Saa Pedro; GoodaU
Perkins & Co.
Stmr State of California. Gage. Astoria.
Ger stmr Luxor. Timmermann, Hamburg and
way ports; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED. \
Monday, June 11.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. ilendoclno.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. .
Ger stmr Luxor, Tlmmermann, Hamburg, etc.
Iir ship Kensington. Borland. Queenstown.
Bark Alden Besse. Potter, Honolulu.
Bktn Irmzani. Schmidt. Honolulu.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. June 10— Table ' Bay telegraphic
Br bark County of Merioneth, from Oregon,
parted cable. Tugs rendered assistance.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 11. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind west, velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT BEACH— Arrived Juns 11— Stmr
Excelsior, from Port Blakeley.
„ CASPAR — Arrived June 11— Stmr Cleone. hno
June i>
cops BAT— Arrived June 15— Stmx Arcata,
hence? June 7.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June lD-Stmr
New burs, hence June 4; schr Emma Utter,
from San Pedro.
Sailed June 10— Scar Roporter, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Sailed June 9— Stmr Queen, for
Sltka; stmr Willamette, for San Francisco.
June 10— Stmr Ruth, for Skaguay; itrar Oriza
ba, for San Francisco. •
.Arrived June 11 — Stmr Mackinaw, hence Jne g.
EUREKA- Arrived June 11— Stmp Pasadena,
hence June 10.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Juno 11— Stmr Rival,
from Bristol Bay.
TACOMA— Arrived June 11— Schr Wm. Rentou.
from Port Townsend.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived June 11— Schr
Newark, hence June 10.-
Arrived June 11— Schr J Eppinger, henca
June ft.
ASTORIA— Arrived June 11— Stmp D«l Norte.
hence June 7.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW TORK-Arrlved June »-Br 1M3 Eli3
land. from Caleta^Buena.
N FOREIGN PORTS.
SHANGHAI— Arrived— Nor »tmr Eldsvoia.
from New Whatcom.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior t:> Juns 9-Br
stmr Strathgyle, from San Diego.
DEAL-Paaacd June 11— Br ship Ilala. frota
MANILA— Sailed May 30— Br bark Stillwater.
for Port Townsend.
AUCKLAND— Sailed Juno 11-Br stmr Moana.
for San Francisco. ' , ,
ACAPULCO— Sailed June 8— Stmr Color, for
Panama. June »— Stmr Peru, for Saa Fran-
NO C RTH SHIELDS— Arrived June 10—Br tii»
Otterspool, hence Jan 20.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Juno 11-Fr bark
Cassard,, hence Feb 15: Br baric Invermay. tno
Feb 10, an.l sailed for Hull.
HONGKONG— Sailed June 9-Stmr City of
P tn &^Xt5*Z*&£ » Victoria.
J^^^^iSfeSS bark
Hyc^^n^OregonrBr ship Matterhorn. hence
F Saikd June 10-Fr bark General Neumayer.
f °MONTEVIDEO-Saile.i May 20-Ger »hl» Ara
th^.S r 1 ? VI^K^rr f .°;e| e jun e e U-Schr J X>
Tailant. hence May 24
OCEAN STEAMERS.
«t TriHV<! N F--\rrivetl June 11— Stmr Ll
vo S nTan°from-G:a^o W and Liverpool, for Hali
'^r^BOURG^SaUkl June 11-Stmp Grosser
Kurt-J'rst. irom Bremen and Southampton, for
rr?BP°\LT4B- Sailed June 11— Stmr Werra,
r \'JL , IvrVi ami Naples, for New York.
mT vi I K- Arrived June 11-Stmr Lake
rnfarn-jfain 'from Montreal, for Liverpool.
SKwWEbP-ArrtMd June M-Stmr Kensln,-;
,' f n , m '.NVw York, via Southampton.
SonSSiOTOWIJ-SaUed June 10— Stmr Ser
via. ["'m Liverpool, for New York.
As navigators know It, the world \s
•ihrinklns- In tiu * unimportant matter of
miles it remains about what it has been,
but steam and railroads have caused it to
shrink until it Is or.ly about one-twenty
rirst as large as it was m the year 1300.
Drake and Cavendish, in 1j77 and LJS5
respectively, went round the world with
British sailors, the former In about Ma
gellan'a time, the latter in a trifle over
two years.
¦William Dampier, pirate, scientist,
author and nautical bully, took twelve*
years to sail about the world. He so
abused Alexander Selkirk that the latter
was fairly willing to be marooned on Ju.in
Fernandez Island, thus making ".Robin
son Cruaoe" possible.
By degrees it grew possible to go about
the world In sailing ships in 130
days, but steamers eliminating the ele
ment of luck, have now carried a man
around in lifty-two days. This is the rec
ord made in 1S01 by the Peninsular and
Oriental and Canadian Pacific steamers-
London to Hongkong •>* daVa
Besting in Hongkong .2 day
Hongkong to Yokohama SdavV'
Resting in Yokohama 1 "lav
Yokohama to London a days
* Total • .52 days #
Shipping Intelligence.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. 3. N.. Mar
<-hant»" FTi-hange, San Francisco CaJ
June 11. 1000.
The time ball on the to.wer of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
!- e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at J
o clock p. in.. Greenwich time.
_ , C. G. CALKINS.
Lfput^nant Cnmnandpr. V. S. N.. In charec
NEW YORK. June 11.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27.939: exports, 27,210; moderately active and
10<&Hc hle-her; making about 50c advance In
asking price within a week.
"WHEAT— Receipts, 43,150 bushels; exports,
102, 000 busbeja: spot, firm; No. 2 red, 85%c f.
o. b. cfl'jju; No. 1 Duluth, 7!» 7 Ac f. o. b. afloat
prompt: No. 1 hard Duluth, Sl?ic f. o. b. afloat
spot. Options opened strong and were sus
tained nearly all day by an active and at times
excited demand from shorts, supplemented by
foreign and outside buying, all inspired by
continued drought, notwithstanding Saturday's
predictions of rain. The market finally-yielded
a little to rrnlizJnK and closed eafy at l'ic net
ndvance. July, 7;>?i<*?78 l-3Cc, closed at 77%c;
September. llii'O'^c, olesod at 7S&C.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet. j
COFFEB- Spot Rio firm: No. 7 invoice, SHc; I
mild, stoady; the market for futures closed
steady at a net rise of & to 20 points; total
sales, ll,2. r .O baps, including July at $7 30®7 40;
Aujrust, J7 40; September. $7 S0iff7 35; October,
17 30TT7 35; December, $7 4007 43; January, $7 45
U~ f>0: March. J7 60.
SUGAR— Raw. firm.
BI'TTKR— Receipts, 17,327 packages; market
steady at the decline; creamery extras, 15\ l ><($
ISc: factorj'. 14©15%c
EGGS — Receipts. 13.779 packages: firm; State
and Pennsylvania, 14<fl5c: Western, lots on", (
HhiQUc; Western, at mark, lOSlS'ic. O-?
DRIED FRUITS
There was a moderate demand noted for
evaporated apples to-day. Offerings were lib
eral, however, and this factor checked any
matrrlal advance in prices. At the close prices
were tending toward a higher level. California
drWi fruits were Inactive and nominal. '
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4'.sf(5c; prime, 5%<§6c; choice, C'^<cf'c; fancy,
7 1 -fjSe.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-3'i®7c per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. 12Vi(S14c; Moorpark, 15®
ISc.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16SJ20c; unpeeled, 6Q0c.
the height of tide la the same at both places.
TUESDAY. JUNE «.
NOTK— In the above exposition of the tide.
the early mornlns tides are given la th» left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day in the order of occurrence as to time Th»
second time «-olumn Klvea the- second tide o«
the day. the third time column the third t!d»
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day. except when thers are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
sriven are In addition to the soundings on the.
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the hetshr
and then the number given is subtracted frorn
the depth given by the charts. The plane o;
rff»r«nc<» I. the m»»n o» th» !«»r low Tr»t»r«.
Cluirtcrs.
The Alice Coolie. E. B. Sntton, Heleae, Mary
JZ. Foster. Itcbcrt Le-wcrs. S. N. Castle. Tran-
F*.t and W. H. Timond load merchandise for
Honolulu.
Tte Kofct. K. Hlr.d loads merchandise for
Hilo.
Tho Ar.-;le'4 luads lumber et Grays Harbor
Tor HonoluJo.
The Ulir.burrt we* chartered prior to arrival
for wheat to Krrcpe. S3s 9d; J. C. Pfluyer.
?&:¦•• voyage, jrlor to arrival. 40s.
Merchandise for Central America.
The German t'camer Luxor cleared yest!»r
tfay for IJamburp and way ports with cargo
Valued as follows:
For Central America. " J11.7SS C2; for Mexico,
S4241; for Fouth America. $S4.8DS; for Ham-
Varp. 11157 W; for London, $30D; total value,
I10K.M1.
F» r Central America— D06 eals wine, KC9 bbls
flou:-. C3.iO4 Tls riff. 73 cs whisky. ISO bbls
laliow. MS ctl? corn, 25 cs coal oil. 2409 ft
lumber. 4 os hardware, 4 cs drus?, 33 cs
chaiecaa.
For ;<!<^tl"o— 27 tons potaFfium. 4S6 Tbs soda,
7K» Tbs mprble dust. 3" ke?s staples. 10 k"RS
nails, 20 plips pr«c«rie«. 24 pkps p<iste. 3 pkps
tea, tSs) ixlls sho<^ks. 24 bbls tailow, 40 bbls
oil. 36 ; - •.- ¦- pipe, 6 cs steel tires, 10 cs bi
carbon.
For South An'erlca — PS.V4 bbls flour. 1210 cs
canned salmon. 70 hblo tallow. 4f~.i gals wine,
t- pkg* builflinR material. 65 pkgs dried fruit,
75 cs canned cysti-rs, 13 cs canned fish. 8J
pkrs salt fish. fl.Hii ctls wheat. 10,000 rail
road ties. 363 talps cordage.
In transit— 30 ch«-sts t<»a. valued at JS3 36.
For Hamburg— C12 eals wine, 275 1 ) lbs bees
wax.
For London— SCO sks casoara sagrada.
Additional Cargo.
In efidlticn to cargo previously reported the
IrmKard, which cleared Saturday, carried 19
jikgs ma.cbir.eo'. valued at 17550.
Merchandise for Victoria.
The steamer Umatilla sailei Sunday for Vle-
Inria •with the following cargo, valued as
thown :
For Victoria, J42t«; for Vancouver. J11.SS3:
tor Nanaimo. 5C.'2; total value, $13,933.
For Victoria — 106 pals wine. S7S TT>s cheese.
It bbls flour, 3 os hardware, if) bxs pafte.
tt cs canned fruit. 32 sks coooar.uts, K : 3 |>kcs
irult. 81 fks j>itati*s, 70 sks onions. 10 bxs
lemons, 12 pkps st-wir.p machines, 15 pkrs store
furniture. i5o rks malt. 5u cs vvhitky. 1003 It>s
butter, 24 pkgs tools, 4 bi!!s steel, is pkjrs In
cubators, U,#0Q R'S Kcv]a, 10 cs arms ani :un
munHlcn. 6 lik^s pn.iceries, 20 pkgs vefe-etablas,
SO 6ks lit-anf, \<> fs talile metal.
Fcr Vancouver — <ijij s?.!s 3 cs wln», l^S pkgs
ir.achln»-ry. 3y j)k#rs oil clothing, 3 cs arms and
ammunition, Ti bxs raisins, '">) bxs tin p'.ate.
11 rolls leather. Zh tins matrhes, 721 i>k?s dried
fruit. 31 pkfe-s hardware, 21 bd!s cordage, 20
Heel :.:.c. >. Ittt rbs glucose. 335 sks Fait, 25
eks onions. 35 ek« p.jtaioes. 4S cs canned goods,
21 ste«l bean-.s. 72S bxs paste. pkirs trrocerles,
7CTi Tbs malt. Su bxs lemons. 26 pkgs marble,
t keg» nails, 5 ikge ship chandlery.
J Feather Report.
(12Cth Meridian-Pacific Tim*.)
FORECAST.
SAN FRANCISCO. June U— 5 p. m.
The followijiff maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-dajr:
Eureka 64 Fan Dieg-o 66
JYesno 54 Eacramento 84
Los Angries 72 ?an Luis ObiEpo 90
V.fd Bluff '.'4 Mount Tamalpais.... 72
Ir.det-endence Ml
San Frcncisco data: Meximum temperature,
¦CO; ir.lnircurri, £2; n-.cau. C£.
V.EATIiER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
An erea of low pressure prevails over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains. There
have been no ir.arked changes over the western
lia!f cf the countrj- In either pressure or tem
j'orature.
Light showers are reported In Northern Ne
vada. Maximum temperature* exceeding SO de
grees prevail la the great valleys of California.
Conditions are favorable fcr l'.ght fog along
the coast.
Korecaat made at San Francieco for thirty
hours endir.sj mldnicht. June 12. 1S00:
Northern c^lircmia— Fair Tuesday; northerly
¦vrtndi 1 ::i ihe Interior, fresh westerly wind* on
the cofest. with !!cht fox.
Southern California— Feir Tcesday. with tog
&-¦ r.i,- the DoastJ light westerly winds.
Nevafla — Fair Tuesday.
Utah-Fair Itiesfiay.
ArlzoTia— Fair Tuesdcy.
San Francisco and vicinity— F"a!r Tuesday,
vith log la tbe ifternoon and fresh westerly
yeiziOM. ALEXANDER G. HcADIE.
Forecast Official.
tions. Total sales, par value. $!,C25,000. United
States new fours rdvanced 4 in the bid price.
' NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
sold. Stocks— b'u
3.000 Atchison r 5 .,
19.6S0 Atchison pre/d i'»s
1^100 HjlMtnore &. Ohio <t^»
«« Canadian Pacific •?;}*
Canada Southern 0IJ2
850 Ohe*apeaJie. & Ohio .» *•>£
940 Chicago lireat Western «%
1L400 Chicago Burlington & Quincy l-t>%
250 Chic Ind & Louis 20
Chic Ind & LcMifw unefd 61
Chic & East Illinois 91
503 Chicago & Northwestern 1G1
7 i>* Chic ttovk Irip.nl & Pacific l')o*s
7i« C C C & St Lou'.s • 37-r*
2,iZ0 rv>lr>rado Southern *»"•
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 44'- 3
2T5 Colorado Southern 2<i iu-efd I*
l'# Delaware A- Hudson l' s i.
800 D<! 1-ack * Western lVS : i
Denver & illo Orandc I' 1 *
l"0 r«?nver & R!o Grange prefd <">«
EH- »#
100 Erie 1st prrfd »**
.'¦CO Crrat Northern rrefd !¦'
: HorldwOcal '*
J'O Hc-kinp Valley ¦»';
250 Iilincis Central '--i
1,110 Iowa Centra! »/..«
103 Iowa Centra! prefd 4»
100 Kans City Pitts & Gulf ir <".
ZZO I^ake Brto Western -V*
lid Lake. Krle & Western prefd '9a
Lake Shore tl-j
2.4r.O Louisville & Nashville >"*
l.<>fl Manhattan L ™ »
LW0 Metropolitan St Ry 1^3'i
S$0 Mexican Central l-.ii
SM Minn & St Loui? «•••• W
Minn & St Louis prefd M
14.&00 Missouri Pacific <;1*»
Mobile & Ohio »
Missouri Kans i- Teras J05«
3»V Missouri Kans & Texas rrefd 32
3") New Jersey Central "t
S.1S N«w York Central l-'v 3
1 7«5 Norfolk & Western 32-»
2>>> Norfolk & Western i>i~efd •>'»
36.9O Northern Pacitic «£/*
LOSS Northern Patiflc prefd 7n%
S..0 Ontario & Western -OVi
4.175 Pennsylvania ' '>>'/»
•400 Reading 1'
10,800 Reading 1st i^refd M
900 HeadinB Id prof.l -*9
Rio Grande Western ES
Rio Orande V/cHtern urcfJ bi^
St Louis &. San P"r*i!i .. 'i^a
St Ix»ui» & S^n Fran l*t v^Ui '"'s
S29 St Louis & San Fran ..'I urefJ ~U
f=t Louis Sottt*wtiil*ni S
. 1.CO0 St Louis outhwestern prefd T.',\j
15.780 St Paul US'*
1S7 St Paul prefd 170U
Pt Paul & Omaha 1-S
S.3S0 Southern Pacific ?!\
1.T.0 {"¦outhern Railway H's
2,<«">0 Southern Railway prefd 53 »i
SuC Texas & Pacific I" 1 *
..4M. L'nion Pacific '•'¦(
Z.Ul Ur.ion Pacific prefd 73
1W Waljash ""•»
7,KfiO Waba?h prefd l&'-»
500 Wheeling & Lake Erie 8H
60rt W"heelins & Lake Krie 2d prefa 23 v,
160 Wisconsin Central 14*i
Express Companies—
Adams 117
200 American 153
United States <3
Wells Fargo 120
Miscellaneous—
American Cottcn Oil 33
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
300 American Malting 2\L
300 American Malting prefd 2<)>, 2
100 American Smelting & Ref 36Vt
175 American Smeltlns &. Ref prefd mi
American Spirits '¦ 2Vi
American Spirits prefd 17
700 American Steel Hoop 20»i
400 Afterlcan Steel Hoop prefd 70
4,150 American Steel & Wire 34
600 American Steel & Wire prefd 74^
200 American Tin Piste 2l>4
100 American Tin Plate prefd 73
1.2T.0 American Tobacco 9OVi
American Tobacco prefd 129
. 430 Anaconda Mining Co 40
5,3'XI Brooklyn Rapid Transit 6S T^
2.6J0 Colorado Fuel &. Iron "2 a *
Mo Continental Tobacco 23Vi
SiiO Continental Tobacco prefd 80
S.1'0 Federal Steel 32H
1,780 Federal Steel prefd Co?i
LOGO General Electric 132
Glucose Sugar 47
Olucose Sugar prefd 97
S00 International Paper 23
159 International Paper prefd 66
Laelede Gas "3
250 National Biscuit 2SU
National Biscuit prefd ~9'i
260 National L<ead 1S%
National Lead prefd Si'i
SCO National Steel 27',;
National Steel prefd SC;i
200 New York Air Brake 129
£00 North American .¦**. 14»i
100 Pacific Coast 50
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 83
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 59
1.050 Pacific Mall 2G
4.7M People's Oas SS%
100 , Pressed Fteel Car.' 45'i
Pres?ed Steel Car prefd 74
Pullman Palace Car ISO
Standard Rope & Twine 5
9.300 Su.ear 115%
Sugar preM V-2
6,390 Tennessee Coal & Iron C7 5 ;
1,705 i:ni:c,1 States Leather 3V t
1,260 rnlted'S'tates Leather prefd CS
100 United Sites Rubber 24U
J00 United States Rubber prefd 83
400 "Western Union SO
650 Republic Iron & Steel Jl
250 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 56H
P C C & St Louis 5SV.
? 200 Third Avenue Ill
252,800 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V 8 2s. when is- ,M K & T 2da 67%
sued 101 U K A T 4s 61
U S 2s coup, when |N" V Central Ists...lllt4
lpsued 103'i X J Cent cen 5i-...120»i
U S 2s reg 100 # ,N Pacific 3a 6ti%
O S Sn reg 109 IN Pacific 4s 1C4%
U S 3» coup 103 S Y O & S L 4s.. .106
: IT S new 4s res lS4*i .V & W con 4s »7>4
1 U S new 4« coup. .133 Or Nav IhIs 1(W
! D S old 4b toe 114U'Or Nav 4k 102',A
U S Le re* 113 |Or Siiort Line 6s. ..12"? "
; US £• rouv 113U;Or S Lin<* con os. .114
! DIs of Col r.C',8 123 lUrading Gen 4s >>S«i
I Atchlson R^:: 4*....100HiIl Q W l<=ts 9S%
Atchjscn aJf <s ."3»i S L & I St con Zs.110%
Cennda i-'o 2d« lOCtyifl L & S r Ken Cs.12.'. !
riie« & Ohio 4^... I9»i 5t Paul cons 17f«i
Ches & Ohio r.s 116 ;? p C & P lsn,,..lSi
i: &. KW <on 1% ...141',j s P C ft P 5s 12<Mi
C & NWSFde'o ae.li7Vi ,-r.o Pacific 4s (0
Chgn Terrni:ial 4s.. *." ~> Railway 5s lll : ,i
ry.lorado So 4s S5»i stand R & T Cs.... 71
n & R G ]st«......lfi2 Tex A: Ppc l»:t^ 112^4
I) St K G 4? MH T<?k »t Pac :ds....f ao
F. X Va&Ga l»t*.. .!';.")'<, [Tnloa Pacific tr . . . .1W X
Erie Gi-n*ral 4s 71 U AVubarh l.«ts 114H
F \V & 1> C ms... 70'^lwabash 2ds 101 V.
General E*ec r.s. ...117-i. West Shor^- 4s 113»i
lowa Cer.tml l«ts=...l"3 iWis Cent J'ts W.\
K O P & G Ists.... 7l'i \'a Centuries Kfc
L £l N Unl 4a TSH"
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar '!*: Ontario 7 CO
Crown Point CT,< ?phlr 68
Con Cal & Va 1 ."..Plymouth 10
I>adwood d'i! Quicksilver ;. 1 £.'1
Gould & Curry 10, I>o prefd 7 00
Hale & Norcross... 2S Fierra Nevada 12
Homestake 55 CO Staiidjrd 3 20
Iron Silver.. ........ *0 Union Con.. ,. ; 17
Mexican SO 'YclV.w Jacket 12
HOSTON STOCKS ANO BONDS.
Money— .West Und .'."2
Call loans ..233 P.ondx—
Time Ioan3 2%tf4JAtchison 4s 100
Stocks- N F,(i& Coke Oh.. €3
Atchtscn 247i Mlnlns shares
do prefd 70»« Adventure 3H
Am Sugar 114H AUouez Mln Co.... 1U
do prefd 1U lAmalsr Copper .... 87 :
Bell Telephone ...302 Atlantic 21
Boston & Albany.. 241 [Boston & Mont.... 300/
Boston Elevated ..137 & Boston.,. 64
Boston & Maine. ..1st 'Calumet & Hecla..725
C n & Q. 12C"4 Centennial 36<A
Uom Coal 3SHiFranklin 12<4
Ffl Steel 32 iHumboldt 50
do rrefd 6."»Si 'Osceola UiV.
FHehburjr prefd ..13r. jParrot 3.V
Gen Electric 13Hi Quincy 132
Mex Cent 12 l .ijKanta Fe Copper.. AM,
N E O & Coke...: 19 Tamarack .........ISO
Old Colony ..207 (Utah Mining 24K
Old Dominion 16 IWlnona 2H
Rubber 25'4 Wolverines 38
Union Pao ........ B2%|
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. June 11.— Close: Money on call
easier at rjigs per cent; last loan. 1% per cent;
prim- mercantile paper. 3&@4^ per cent; ster
ling exchange firm, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 87%&4 87^ for- demand and
$4 Si7b©4 S3 for sixty days; posted rates, $4 85®
4 8K>. t : commercial bills,, $1 S4Q4 84U: silver
certificates. €O@Slc; sliver bars, GOc; Mexican
dollaro, 47>Ac: Government bonds, firm; State
bonds,. inactive; railroad bonds, heavy-
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. June 11.-- Consols, 101%^101VS: sil
ver, 27%d; French rcntee, lOlf 30c; wheat car
goes en passage, rather easier, 3d to 6d lower;
No. 1 standard California, 29 S 4%d; English
country market-, generally Cd dearer; Import
of wheat Into United Kingdom, 300,000 qrs; do
flour. 234.000; wheat and flour on passage to
United Kingdom, 2,770\00o qrs; do to Continent,
l.o&J.OOO; Indian shipments of wheat to United
Kingdom, none; do to Continent, none.
LIVERPOOL, June 11.— Wheat, steady: No.
1 standard California,! 6s l%diS63 2d: wheat in
Varls, steady; flour in Paris, steady; Fi-ench
country markets, quiet and steady.
WHEAT — Spot, steady: No. 1 Northern
spring. 5s lid. Futures, firm; July 5s 1194d;
September, 6s llSid; December, nominal.
CORN— Spot American mixed, steady, 3s lid.
Futures, steady; July, 3s HUd; September, 3s
H'-id.
Silver and Exchange about the same.
Wheat higher again. ' Barley steady.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Nothing new in Beans, Hay and Feedstuff s.
Potatoes and Onions about the same.
Poultry dull and in good supply.
Butter steady, Cheese firm and Eggs in decreasing receipt.
Fresh Fruits about as previously quoted.
Nctv dried Apricots on the market. ,
Provisions very weak. f
Hogs still higher and scarce.
Local stocks and boiuis dull.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Business continued quiet on the Bond Ex
change, with a decline In Giant Powder to
187 25. The oil stocks were dull.
The following were ex-dividend yesterday:
Giant Powder Company. 75 cents per Bhare,
$15 0C«; Pacific Gas Improvement Company. 33
cents per share, $11,200; Paauhau Sugar Com
pany 30 cents per share. $3000; San Jose Water
Company. 50 cents per share. S-1241.
The Pacific and Sunset Telephone companies
will pay the usual dividends on the 15th.
The California Street Cable Company will
pay a dividend of 50 cents on the 13th.
The Oakland Gas Company has declared a
dividend of 25 cents, payable on the lath.
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay
a dividend of 73 cents to-day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. June, 11—2 p. m.
A:- Bid.Ask. „ , „ B £; A ;?;
U S Bonds— Equit G L Co. Z% 3Vi
Is quar coup.. HoKHStt JIU ™ T al , E ' Co - J?> "
4s do re?...... 114141144 O G L & H.... 46?* O%
<s do cp new..l34Vil3.» Pac L Co 43 44M,
3s do coupon. .10a lOS'.a Pac Gas Imp.. «J4 46^
Miscellaneous— S P O & h..... 4.i* 4.*i
Cal-st Cab 53.. 119 — San Francisco. 4U —
C C Water 5S.109H — Stkn G & b. Co 10 —
Ed L & P 6s. .123^ — Insurance-*
F & Cl Ry 6s. .116 — Firem s Fund.22S —
Oeary-st R 5s. — »3 Bank Stocks—
H C & S 5%s.. - - Anjflo-Ca I Ltd. 85 *T
Do 5s — 106 Bank of Cal... ¦- — !
LA Ry 5s 104%l05^i Cal 8 D & T.105 —
L A I.t Co 6s. - — First Nationl. — 290
Do Gtnd 6s.. — — Lon P & A.... 133% —
L A Gntd 5s... 100 — Merchants Ex 15 —
L A P R R 5s.lO2»i - Nev Nat Bk.. - -
Market-st «s.-.12s - Sa T. ln ,F 9 T BaI \ k .tr
Do 1st M 53.118% — Ger S & L....183O —
N C N (i R 7s. - 114 Hum S & I#~ — —
N R of Cal 6s. 115^117 Mut Sav Bk.. 4» —
Do 5s. - il3 S F Eav U....605 -
NPCRR 63.101 — Sav & 1. So.... 71 7S
Do 6s - 103 Sec Sav Bk.... — -
N Cal R R «s.lll — Union T Co.;.. — —
Oak O L&H3S.111 - Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6s..ll3%120 California^....1224 —
Oak W Co 5s.. - - Ge ary-Bt ...... 60 -
Oceanic S 5s.. — 107% Market-st Ry. «2T4 —
Om C Ry 6s. 128 — O S. L & H... — «
P & Cl Ry 6s. 104% — Presidio laH —
P & O R R 6s. 115 — Powder Stocks— .
Powell-st R 6s.l20 — rnlltornU ¦•• I *2,,,»
Pa- L * O Ris - — Giant Coa Co.. 8.^4 S3
S F & SJV 5s.ll9%120}i|Vlgorit 2 ;s 3
? Hv of i'a' es.lim — I huw Stocks—
S P of A 6s... 114 — Hana S P Co .tt .U
Do (10OS) no 110T> Haw C & S Co — 91
Po c.vi»i nitfiti Honokaa S Co. 33^ 33^j
Do (1312) 110 122',4 Hutch S P Co. 25% —
S f Mr b« 1.W - Kilauea S Co. 2U 1 * 21
S V Water Cs.. 'is - Makawell S Co 47>i 4.*i
Do 4s 103VitC3?4 Onomea S Cn.. H\ 28
Do Sd mtg...l01',4102 Paauhau S Co. 31V* 3m
Etocktu U.i it* 3j - N' •-¦»- U"--
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn.llS —
Contra Costa.. 72 72»i Cat Fruit Asn. »s»4 dd*i
Mar-n County, f" 1 Mer Kx Asi^n.. — l'X>
Spring Valley. 93\4 95'4 Oceanic S Co.. — 94
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A 2 —
Cent 'i L Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co.143 —
CentL&P.... 3% — Pur Paint Co.. 10 —
Morning Session. '
Beard—
10 Giant Pov.-der Con S7 23
tO Honokaa S Co 33 124
Street—
100 Hutchinson S P Co 25 62(i
$10,000 JIarket-st Ry 1st con 5s IIS 73
10 Makawell S Co 47 25
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 117 75
50 Paauhau S P Co. a 3 31 23
10 Paauhau S P-Co 31 23
4 Spring Valley Water 94 73
Afternoon Sessions
Board—
20 Equitable Gas 2 874
10 Giant Powder Con S7 50
70 Honokaa S Co 3.1 23 '
M> Oakland Gas. b 2 47 n)
25 S F G:is & Electric Co 47 3T',i
73 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 50
3 Spring Valley Water 95 00
$1000 Spring Valley bondj (2d mortg) 103 50
Street—
SoOOO Oakland Transit Co 6s 113 00
PRODUCERS' OL EXCHANGE.
» Morning Session.
Board —
75 Home Oil * SO
50 West Lake 6S
250 West Lake 63
Afternoon Session.
Board— -
10 Blue Goose 15 00
100 Home Oil 4 "»
100 Home Oil 4 70
Street—
100 Home Oil , 4 63
200 Home Oil * W>
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlr- Session.
300 Chollar 20; MO Savage ..„ IS
100 Con Cal & Va..l 4i; 100 Scorpion ....... 02
BOO Justice OS 100 Silver Hill 33
300 Mexican 20 200 Utah 13
450 Ophir "Oi
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 23 | 100 Scorpion 02
300 Justice OS ' 100 Silver Hill 40
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornin- Session.
300 Belcher 20, 200 Savage 1*
600 Kentuck )1! 200 Savage 17
600 Kentuck 02 S00 Sierra Nevada.. 2>
-TOO Mexican ...' 20 20rt Utah 14
200 Ophir 711 200 Yellow Jacket.. 13
Afternoon Session.
230 Chollar 19 200 Overman IS
4C0 Con Cal & Va..l 45 200 Potosl V>
200 Hale & Norcrs. 23! «C0 Sierra Nevada.. 23
50O Ophir - 70',
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. June 11—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. t Bid.Ask.
> Alpha 01 05 Justice OS 03
Alta 02 04JKentuck 01 02
Andes °S 07 ! Lady Wash 02 0;!
Belcher 19 20! Mexican 19 20
Best & Belcher. 23 2fi ] Occidental 12 14
Bullion «1 03 Ophir 65 _70
i Caledonia 1 00 1 O.'i Overman 15 17
Chollar 19 21 Potosi IS 19
Challenge Con.. 13 13 Savage 17 IS
Confldence 60 63 Scorpion i — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 45 1 SOiSeg Belcher 01 03
Con Imperial... — 01 ; Sierra Nevada.. 27 23
Con New York. 02 —Silver Hill 33 41
Eureka Con — M St Louis — 12
Crown Point.... OS «» Standard 4 30 —
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate — 10
Gould & Curry. 12 IS Union Con 20 21
Hale & Norcrs. 24 271 Utah , 12 13
T U na 01 02;Yellow Jacket.. 14 13
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
steera, strong. !4@4 50; Texas bulls, strong,
*3 25@3 75. .'..-
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 35,000 ; to-morrow,
20,000; left over, estimated, 400. Opened a shade
lower; closed stronger; top, S3 25; mixed and
butchers, S5 05@5 25: good to choice heavy.
$5 1EQ5 25: rough heavy. S5@5 10; light. ?5 05®
6 22V4; bulk of sales, $5 17%@5 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 16,000: sheep and lambs,
10c higher for good to choice; common and
medium, slow; good to choice wethera, $4 7aig»
5 40; fair to mixed choice. $4@5: "Western sheep.
H eOfto 35; yearlings. $5 50(55 85: native lambs,
«3@6 63; Western lambs, $6©6 65; aolorado
lambs, $G 73(0,7 10; spring lambs, $o@7 5<7.
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO. June 11.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Cherries— Royal Anne,
75c(g$l 4'i box; Bigarreau, COc@$l C5; Black Tar
tarians. • 30c 1 S'$l Co.
Porter Bros. Company sales: Plums — Abund
ance, 52 40 Ringle crate; Yosabe, $2 25W2 40;
Jauan, $2 20^2 30; Burbank, $2 20: Clymans,
$1 3J01 S3; Royal Heti\e, $1 OT.Cui 65. Prunes-
Tragedy, $2 o5<fi2 SO single crate; Slmonl, $2 30.
Peaches— Alexander. $1 13®*1 41 box; Oriental.
$1 23. Apricots— Royal. 75c*??l 1" single crate.
Cherries— Republican, $1 19 box; Bigarreau. 40c
@S1C5;-Royal Anne, COc*?$l 25; Tartarian*. 20c
ftrjl; Centennial, 70c. Five cars fruit sold to
day.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, June 11.— The statement of the
visible supply or grain in store and afloat on
Saturday, June 9, as compiled by the New
York Produce Kxchange, is as follows: Wheat,
44,407,000 bushels; decrease, 226,000. Corn, 11.
228,000; decrease' 1 150.000. Oats, 6.074.000; de
crease, 7<>7,00O Rye 733,000; decrease, <S2,00O.
Barley, 701,000; decrease. 490,000.
New York Cotton Market.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 11.— The cotton market
opened steady, with the first salo of July show
ing a decline of 2 points, while the l.ast sale
on the call was at an advance of 3 points. The
other months were 1 to 6 points higher. This
advance was quite In opposition to the influ
ences at work, such as weak Liverpool cables
and benric'n reports on the crop and the weather
conditions from the cotton" belt.
NEW' YORK. June 11.— There was little ac
tivity developed in- the metal market to-day.
TIN— Slightly higher on asking rates, in sym
pathy with a £1 advance In London, the close,
however, being dull at $23029 80.
LAKE COPPER— A shade easier, with buy
ers at $lfi. but sellers refused to concede and
the market closed at $16 50, but easy in tont.
PIG1ROX— Warrants were weak and unsettled
and nominally quoted at $25.
LEAD— Unsettled at $3 SiW3 93. The brokers'
price for lead wa3 $3 70 and for copper $16 60.
SPELTER— Ruled weak and lower under fa
vorable reports from London, closing weak at
S4!2Ke4 37K.
Exports for (Mav .
WASHINGTON, Jun» 11.— The monthly state
ment of .the exports of the United States for
May last. Issued by the Bureau of Statistics,
ehows as follows:
Breadstuffs 123.074,995, increase, as compared
with May. 1899. J3.riOO,ono: cattle an<1 bogs $2.fi40.-
S10. decrease S243.00O; provisions $13,662,387, in
crease $654,000; cotton $11,530,031, Increase $2,200,
000; mineral oils $6.764,y3G. increase Sl.500.00i);
total $57,354,520, increase $7,500,000.
London Market.
NEW YORK, June 11.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was little new business In the markets
here to-day because of the settlement. The
tone, however, was harder, especially In in
vestment securities, the public having bern
accustomed to the troubles In China. Amer
icans were bought quietly here, the Continent
assisting Bllghtiy. but finally they saeged on
New York ofTeringp. Paris supported copper
chares. Money rates were unaltered, although
the Country Council five million loan will be
recommended this week.
CLOSING
Atchison, 25%: Canadian Pacific, 91U: Union
Pacific preferred, 75^; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 76; Anaconda, S%. Bar silver, steady,
27%d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. June 11.— Clearings. }1S4,OS1;
balances, $70,175.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, June 11.— All sorts of prices are
reported paid in the interior, but In this city
the ruling quotations for wheat to-day were
about C3c to 54c for Walla Walla and valley,
with B->me dealers professing Indifference about
doing business at the latter figure unttl there
was a better prospect for cheaper tonnage.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 11.— •WHEAT— In sympathy
¦with other markets prices .were advanced >sc
to-day; bluestem, £6c; club, 54c; both for ex
port. ¦
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 90® 2 25; Green. SI 80
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Prices for almost everything stand about as
before. Supplies are ample for current needs.
Green Peppers from Stockton, 15@2Oc per lb,
POTATOES— Oregon Burbanks. 85c@H; New
Potatoes, D0c@|l in sacks and 40c@« in boxes.
ONIONS— New Red. 3i>S60c; Silverskins, 90c@
?1 per ett: Australian. $3C(t3 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 50c©?l 50 per
Eack for Vacaville and 15@25c per dozen for bay;
Rhubarb, MQ'Zc per box; Asparagus. 75c@U
per -box for Mo. : and»l 2jiuiiii :cr No. 1
and SI 73^2 25; for fancy large: Or«">n pea",
75c(S?l 23 per sack; String Beans, 2»,i ! '?4c; Cab
bage, 4e$iC0c; Tomatoes, «(gl 50; Egg Plant,
from Lea Angeles, 4@6c; Dried OHra. 32y 2 c per
lb; Green Peppers - from Lcs Angeles. 8c;
Dried PejiDfrs. *'a IIK-; Ca.rrofs. ii«5:4.so n«r sa'-K;
Summer Squash. BOc per box for Vacaville
and tim 23 for Alamsda; Cucumbers. *1 2501 »0
toe Alameda and 60@75c rer bos for Marysville;
new Garlic, 3^ 4c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
The week opened with another car of East
ern en the market and some left over from last
week. There were sales of Eastern stock at 12®
14c for Turkeys. $4 50@5 for Ducks, $5 50 for
Hens, f J GO for Old Roosters and ?4 for broilers.
The ieelins was weak.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. ie@llc fcr Gob
blers and ll!f?12c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$li3-l 25: Goslings, Jlrfil 25; Ducks. $4@5 for
old and Sifii for young; Hens. J4«4 50; Young
Roosters, U CC@3; Old Roosters. J3 DC@4; Fryers,
$3 EOtM; Broilers, $2 50@3 for large and $1 75@
2 25 for Email; Pigeons. $1 30@l 75 per dazen
fcr old and $1(¥I 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
, At the moment Butter rules firm with sales
over the quotations. But orders have been sent
into the country to stop. packing In tubs, owing
to the advance, and It Is supposed that when
packing ceases the Increased supply thrown on
the market will again weaken quotations.
Cheese and Eggs are firm, with decreasing
stocks of both.
"UTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, lSS19',ic; sec
onds, 18@lS^c.
Dairy— Fancy. 18c; good -to choice, lS^niic:
common, 14@15c.
CHEESE— New. Sffj9c: Young America, 90
9M-e: Eastern, 16@i7o; Western I.'tJlS per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13UQi r .o for st"re and 16'iJ
18',ic per dozen for ranch; Eastern, lu'/sc
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Plums are the dragging fruit this year, and
even thus early in the season, there is talk of
dumping tn get rid of the unsold stock, which
U unprecedented at this ' time of the year.
Peaches and Apricots are in moderate supply
ami Ftendy. Apples and Pears are not In favor
and go slowly. Berr'es are rather firm than
otherwise^
APRICOTS— 40® G5c per box for Royals; in
baskets, 25010c..
APPLES+Green Arrles. 2."'H'5nc per box nnd
l-ji04Cc cer basket and 4C@75c for Red Astra
chans. Inrr" h"^pp.
PEARS— Madeline, in small boxes, 2St*30c Per
box: in baskots. ICiQioc.
PLUMS— lOffi 65c rier box and crate; Cherry
Plums'. lOfiSOc for drawers and 20Ti4ijo for boxes.
STRAAVRERK1EK-S3fll Der chest for large
and $t(5S for »>mall berries.
GOOSE3ERRIEH-li,i@3c per lb for common
ani i»r lh to' Kntrhsh. .
RASPBERRIES— J3 R0(36 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— »3 M®6 per chest, from
Fresno and from Newcastle, 35@40c per
cratp. ¦ .
LOGAN BERRIES— f4®6 per chest.
CUR*RANTS— $2 PC8J4 per che.«t.
FKiS— Per box. S0c3fl for single and Jl 75@2
for iloulile layers.
PEACHES— Wti 75c per box and 75o per basket.
CHERRIES— 25©50c per box for black; Royal
Anne. 60@66c In bulk, 2ig4c for black and 4®
5c for Royal Anne. I
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. Jl 50^2 50
per box: Seedlings. |ltU 75; Valenclas. J3S3 30;
Lemor.s. Il^l £0 for common and $2512 50 for
good to choice: Mexican Limes. HUi: Ua
nanas. $1 50Q3 per bunch; Pineapples, $3 i034
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
New Apricots are on .the market at 7'j'S'So
per lb here and 7c in the country. Old are no
longer 'worth quoting.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes. In sacks. 4g4U=
for 40-50'f. 3»4®S%c fcr 50-60's. 3tt€3'.4c lor
GO-70's. KflS^c for 70-SO. 2 7 4fT3c for srt-w,
and 2^S-*i^ 'or 90-100" 8. Peaches, 4!£<??43tC
for Standards, 5c for choice and 5^ft6c
for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10^12^0; Evapo
rate'l Apples, 5hi<!i*>c; sin-dri<?a. a^j4c p?r ib:
Peer?, V*<iHV-c for dar'i and 7@Sc for bright
halves; Black Figs. l\G2e; White Figs, 2g3c;
Bleached Plums, "Me: Unbleached Plums, 6c
for pitted and l»,4c for unpitted.
KAISINS— Uieached Thompson's fancy, per
lb 10c; choice. 9c: eta.-idard, Sc; prime, 6c;
unbleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per ib. S%c: rhoic?. 7 l ,4c; standard. 64c;
prime. 6c; unbleached Sultanas. 6c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown. loose Muscatels. 5Vjc;
3-crown CUc; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers. 2
crown, Jl 10 per box; 3-crown, Jl 6a Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. ?2 10; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— V.'alnuts, $®Dc fir Standards and 0®
10c for softshells; Almonds, 11^3 12c for paper
shell 9Q10e for soft and 4®5c for hardshell;
Peanuts 5%i(C*ic for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts. 7V4®8c; Filberts. 12®l^^c;
Pecans llS13c». Cocoanuts. J4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12Vi#13o for bright and 11®
l£e for light amber; water white extracted,
?££7Kc; light amber extracted, 7g7>4c; dark.
6c peV lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
? Hams are selling below cost, owing to the
sharp competition. Otherwise there Is nothing
new. ,
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10@10^c per lb for
heavy,, NH4&10%c for light medium, ll?ic for
light. 12»4c for extra light and HVic for sugar
cured. Kastem sugar-cured Hams, 12®13o;
Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra Mess. |13; Family,
fH; extra Prime Pork, $15; extra clear, $19;
Mess, 916 EO; Smoked Beef. 12&@13c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and SHc for pure; half- barrels, pure.
b«4c; 10-lb tins>. D*4c; 5-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLENB- Tierces. S%SS%c per lb; half
banels. 8%©S!ic; 10-lb tins, 9Vic.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands eeil
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10c; medium. 9c: light. 9c; Cowhides.
9c; Stags, "c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf. 10c; Dry
Hides, sound. 18c: culls and brands. 15c; Dry
Kip- and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf, ISc; Sheepskins,
Shearlings. 20{?30c each; short Wool, 35@60c
each; medium. 70<S30c; long Wool* $1@1 CO each;
Horse Hides. t1<£2 60 for large and 75c@»l 50
for small; Colts. 25ST50C. Deerskins — Summer
or red skins", 3"Vi©4Oc; fall or medium skins,
32V2<53?c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins—
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, £0c:
medium. 25c.
TALLOW-No. 1 rendered. t%c per lb; Nj. 2.
4c; refined. 6c; grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 15H&l~c; Northern defective, 13
@15c; Middle County, free. 15@17c; Mlddla
County, defective. 1312150: Southern Mountain.
12 months', 12®13c; Southern Mountain, fre«.
7 months', ll(?U3c; Southern Mountain, defec
tive, 7 months', 10<ftl2c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 20@21c; Nevada, ll@17c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 6311c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market
Hoga opened the week with a further advance.
They are very scarce. Other descriptions stand
the same.
J)EEF-S%@6%c per 1b for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 8©9c; small. 9®9Hc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%@7c; ewes, 6@6Hc per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8%Q3c; yearlings. "V^S8c per
pound. *
PORK— Live Hogs, 6c for small, 5»i<ff5?£c for
medium and 5ttCS%o for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, 6}£c; dressed Hogs, 739c.
General Merchandise.
HAGS— Pan Oti'ittn T'.ns*. i* *•• r n i.,., r j n
Grain n«ps. v C%c; Wool Bags, 2S;-Vg32Ue; Fleece
Twine, 7'.jc.
COAL- Wellington. $S per tea: new V.'eilini;
ton. ?S; Pouthf.eld Wellington. $S: So»tt!e. «<i:
Erjant, J8J Coos Bay. |5 50: Wallsend, S; Co
operative Walisend, $S; Cumberland. |IJ tn
bulk and S13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg, *14; Cannel, til per ton; Coke ilii
per ton In bulk nn<l J1S In sacks: Castle Gate
and Rock SprlncB. $S 45 per ICCO lbs. •
SUGAR— The Western SuK.ir Iteflnlns Corn
rany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bugs: Cubes \
Crushed and Flr.e Crushed. 5.70c; Powd-red
6.30c: Candy Granulated. 5.30c: Dry Granulated'
5.20c: Confectioner*' A, 5.20c; Magnolia A i SOc'
Extra C. 4.70c: Golden C. 4.ii0c: barrels." io~
more; half-barrels. 15c more: boxes. SOc more"
CO-lb bags. 10c more. No orders takfn-for less
than 75 barrels or Us equivalent. 15omlnos
hair-barrels. 6.95e; boxes, 6.20c per 1b.
¦":':'--' •' - ' '
Receipts of Produce.
". FOR MONDAY. JUNE 1L
Flour, qr sks..... 27.S40i Sugar, bbls....... 153
Wheat, ctls 82,483 1 Wine, sals.. .. 33 ill
Parley, ctls.;:.... 9.1S0|I.cather, rolls...! iS
Corn. . ctls..". 123. Chicory, bbls..,.. ->o
Tallow, ctls....... 42SiL.ime. bbls.... . -"07
Cheese, -ctls....... 148 'Eggs, doz. 23 61r,
Butter, ctls.. fioy Hay, tons........ '33a
Potatoes, sks..... 2.500. Wool, bales...... 2*r
Bran. sks.. 2.531|HIdes, Xo i«
Middlings, sks... ¦ 2tvi| Pelts, bdls -kr
Sugar, sks.. 3.000:
OREGON.
Oats. ctls.. ....... 940! Wool, bales.......
Potatoes, sks..... is'
"WASHINGTON
Flour, qr sks 4.676 i Wool, bales 835
Flaxseed.r eks..... 103| .... •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE .12, 1900.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain and Provisions.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Steamer Movements'.
Foreign Futures.
8
ARTICLES. | Open, j High. Low. Close.
JVVheat Xo. 2—
June •. 71*i 73 71U 72'i
Juiy 72J* 74 T2V4 73v£
August 73'i| 74*& 73V 74",i
Corn Xo. 2- _ _ I I . '
June '. 33U 3334 ZS% 28?;
July 23'i Wii 38% 3S»i
Aucust 35V4 40 3:*H 39U
Oafs Xo. 2—
June 21% 22W, 21% 21*i
July 22!i 22% 22 22
Mess Pork, bbl-
July U 8fl 11 82% 11 72>4 11 75
t->l>temb«>r 11 S5 11 00 11 £0 11 80
Lard. 100 lbs—
July 6 S7»4 6 90 6 82% 6 85
September 6 87*4 6 P2U 6 85 6 83
Short Ribs. lOOlbs—
July 6 ?7li 6 80 6 82% 8 85
September 6 85 6 SO ' | 6 iZV> C S3
ARTICLES. (Receipts. I
I Ship'mts
"lour, barrels 15.030 ¦
Vhoat. bushels iO.<PQ
'orn. buyhoi? 340,00!)
~!at«, bushels 230,001)
lye. buslifls 4,000
•arl^y, bushels 30.000
16.000
37.0vl5
4S3.W
810.0C0
S1.000
2.0TO
June, 1900.
S. I M. I T. IW. I T. I F. I S. I Moon's Phases.
1 2 -J* Kirst Quarter.
-jW June 4.
_i — — — — — — (ft ym M °° n '
10 U 12 13 14 15 16 -^- J ' Jne 12 -
ff? Last Quarter.
17 IS 19 20 21 22 23 June M-
24 25 25 27 28 23 30 Moon.
Steamer. I
From.
I Due.
_
China iChlna and Japan June 12
Corona [San Diego June I*
Arcata Coos Bay June 1*
Progreso Tacoma. June 1!
Titanla Xanalmo June 12
Orizaba Peattl* June 12
Coqulllo River.. |Grays Harbor June 12
North >'or« iHumholdi June It
Willamette .....|Seattle ijune 13
Columbia jPortUnd....; (June 1»
BonlU |Newport j,,ne 1»
Newburg Grays Harbor June 11
("•recent Clty...!< r >e.«cer<t CJty |.i, nP 11
Tellus [Oyster Harbor..: jjune 14
l'oint Arena — MemloeU'O iJune l"i
Carlisle City.... Chins anJ Japan June 11
Ilobt. Adamson Nanaimo June 1".
Universe Oyster Harbor June 13
Pomona Kureka...; June 15
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound J".ne M
Mackinaw Seattle June V,
WcllliiKton .... Oyuter Itarbor June H
Ranta Rosa Han Diego June 16
Wnshtcnaw — Tacoma June 17
Steamer. I Destination. I •Sa.ila. I Plsr.
laiirol t_«.' r\>rtiar>il .June 12. 11 am »-;-i
oo» Usy...lN>wr«rt '.Tune 1?. tum^'ri
mplre ....ICoos nay......|.Tune K, 4 pmlPier 1
omona ....|Humboiat jjune 12, 2pm|Pler
l«fil.^aa ...nvoilr) Juiie 1-. » j.ui j- -i-
orona (San I»!*- K ,, June It. 11 am Pier 1
tongkng M:Ci 'na* Japan June 14. 1 pmPMS?
wat»| i*".^cfi P^y .tune II. 12 mlPier 1
ity Tupbla Vic & Pgt Sd.lJune 15, 11 ami Pier
orth Fork Kureka ...June 16. 9 am Pier
.niKer Tlllamook June IB.
onlta . Newport June lfi. 9 am Pier 1
olumbla .. Portland June 17. 11 am Pier Z
ewburs .. Grays Harbor June 17
t. Arena.. Point Arena.. June 18. 2 pm Pier
sun rises
Sun sets
Moon aets (full) .7.*.
O Time Time
S Ft. Ft.
f> L "W H W
12 ... 4:51 -O.S! 12:14 4.5
13 ... 6:22—0.8 12:55 4.7
4 ... 6:15—0.8 1:37 4.8
£ ... ¦ 6:5« —0.7, 2:18 5.0 1
H W |L W
* ... 0:4S 5.5! 7:41 — 0.4!
7 ...I 1:471 5.1i R:27i n.ol
3 ...| ::51| 4.SJ 9:13] 0.5|
]
>
f
4:41
» 7:E
4:13 a. m.
iTlme Time "
7-— Ft. Ft.
*n a.2' 10:13 ~Ts
5:11 3.3 11:04 5.1
|H W l, w
; 2:5? 5.1 8:01 2.!
S:3'J 5.4' 9:0^>! 2 ;
I *::o| M 10:131 J.3
Steamer. I Destination. I •Sa.ila. I Plsr.
laiirol t_«.' r\>rtiar>il .June 12. 11 am »-;-i
oo» Usy...lN>wr«rt '.Tune 1?. tum^'ri
mplre ....ICoos nay......|.Tune K, 4 pmlPier 1
omona ....|Humboiat jjune 12, 2pm|Pler
l«fil.^aa ...nvoilr) Juiie 1-. » j.ui j- -i-
orona (San I»!*- K ,, June It. 11 am Pier 1
tongkng M:Ci 'na* Japan June 14. 1 pmPMS?
wat»| i*".^cfi P^y .tune II. 12 mlPier 1
ity Tupbla Vic & Pgt Sd.lJune 15, 11 ami Pier
orth Fork Kureka ...June 16. 9 am Pier
.niKer Tlllamook June IB.
onlta . Newport June lfi. 9 am Pier 1
olumbla .. Portland June 17. 11 am Pier Z
ewburs .. Grays Harbor June 17
t. Arena.. Point Arena.. June 18. 2 pm Pier
Steamer. I
From.
I Due.
_
China iChlna and Japan June 12
Corona [San Diego June I*
Arcata Coos Bay June 1*
Progreso Tacoma. June 1!
Titanla Xanalmo June 12
Orizaba Peattl* June 12
Coqulllo River.. |Grays Harbor June 12
North >'or« iHumholdi June It
Willamette .....|Seattle ijune 13
Columbia jPortUnd....; (June 1»
BonlU |Newport j,,ne 1»
Newburg Grays Harbor June 11
("•recent Clty...!< r >e.«cer<t CJty |.i, nP 11
Tellus [Oyster Harbor..: jjune 14
l'oint Arena — MemloeU'O iJune l"i
Carlisle City.... Chins anJ Japan June 11
Ilobt. Adamson Nanaimo June 1".
Universe Oyster Harbor June 13
Pomona Kureka...; June 15
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound J".ne M
Mackinaw Seattle June V,
WcllliiKton .... Oyuter Itarbor June H
Ranta Rosa Han Diego June 16
Wnshtcnaw — Tacoma June 17
June, 1900.
S. I M. I T. IW. I T. I F. I S. I Moon's Phases.
1 2 -J* Kirst Quarter.
-jW June 4.
_i — — — — — — (ft ym M °° n '
10 U 12 13 14 15 16 -^- J ' Jne 12 -
ff? Last Quarter.
17 IS 19 20 21 22 23 June M-
24 25 25 27 28 23 30 Moon.
ARTICLES. | Open, j High. Low. Close.
JVVheat Xo. 2—
June •. 71*i 73 71U 72'i
Juiy 72J* 74 T2V4 73v£
August 73'i| 74*& 73V 74",i
Corn Xo. 2- _ _ I I . '
June '. 33U 3334 ZS% 28?;
July 23'i Wii 38% 3S»i
Aucust 35V4 40 3:*H 39U
Oafs Xo. 2—
June 21% 22W, 21% 21*i
July 22!i 22% 22 22
Mess Pork, bbl-
July U 8fl 11 82% 11 72>4 11 75
t->l>temb«>r 11 S5 11 00 11 £0 11 80
Lard. 100 lbs—
July 6 S7»4 6 90 6 82% 6 85
September 6 87*4 6 P2U 6 85 6 83
Short Ribs. lOOlbs—
July 6 ?7li 6 80 6 82% 8 85
September 6 85 6 SO ' | 6 iZV> C S3
ARTICLES. (Receipts. I
I Ship'mts
"lour, barrels 15.030 ¦
Vhoat. bushels iO.<PQ
'orn. buyhoi? 340,00!)
~!at«, bushels 230,001)
lye. buslifls 4,000
•arl^y, bushels 30.000
16.000
37.0vl5
4S3.W
810.0C0
S1.000
2.0TO
sun rises
Sun sets
Moon aets (full) .7.*.
O Time Time
S Ft. Ft.
f> L "W H W
12 ... 4:51 -O.S! 12:14 4.5
13 ... 6:22—0.8 12:55 4.7
4 ... 6:15—0.8 1:37 4.8
£ ... ¦ 6:5« —0.7, 2:18 5.0 1
H W |L W
* ... 0:4S 5.5! 7:41 — 0.4!
7 ...I 1:471 5.1i R:27i n.ol
3 ...| ::51| 4.SJ 9:13] 0.5|
]
>
f
4:41
» 7:E
4:13 a. m.
iTlme Time "
7-— Ft. Ft.
*n a.2' 10:13 ~Ts
5:11 3.3 11:04 5.1
|H W l, w
; 2:5? 5.1 8:01 2.!
S:3'J 5.4' 9:0^>! 2 ;
I *::o| M 10:131 J.3
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
OSAND JRCADE BOBSE BASKET,
327 Sixth st, at 11 o'clock a. m.,
WEDNESDAY. June 13. 1300.
By order of Mayor Phelan we will sell a lot o£
FIRE DEPARTMENT DORSES.
Also 15 head of draft horses, younj and sound.
weighing from 1350 to 163&.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
AUCTION SALE
OF
50 HEAD HORSES,
HIGH-CLASS. V \
I r^S^-J^F—^L PASO. WESTERN. ROBERT
pv "iF^^ E> * te - Out of mares by PATCH-
r»t'»£i: ASI t A ' BISMARCK. KEN'TCCKY. etc.
catalogues Now Ready. Horses Now at Yard.
Bred by j m Bm HACC1N ESQ.
KCRN COU>TY LA>D CO..
THtTR<;nAv TO BE SOLD ON *
THURSDAY j^^j. 14 13C0
SALESYARD & Van Xesa.
CHAPE & MEXDKNHALL,
TJ _J . Successors to KILLIP & CO..
Urestock Auctioneers, San Francisco.¦Fxp^riments have proven that vessels, fitted
with propHVra which imitate the flah's fin. de
velop a remarkable propelling power. It wjil
rause a revolution in water travel. Men grafl
tally learn that Nature's ways are best. On»
ratiw of the remarkable miccesa of Hostetter*s
Stomach Tlltters springs frqjn the fact that Jt
is a harmless, natural medicine, made of Na
ture's most xtrenstheninff herbs. It Is a sur<»
cure for mnstlnatlnn. indigestion, dyspepsia.
hlllf>»inr"»«»> or wenlc klrtrjevs.
Tho charges of perjury and subornation
of perjury against Mrs. Nettle H. Craven-
Fair. Adolph Sylva and <J. \\\ sirnpton
were continued for hearing until Friday
by Judge Cook. A physician's certificate
was prespntod to the oftect that Mrs. ('ra
ven-Fair was too III to appear and though
the court accepted the certificate, hn an
nounced that the physician would be
called to testify as to hor health If she
did not appear in court next Friday.
Perjury Cases Postponed.
Frank Palsoa nnd his wife applied for
warrants yesterday for the arrest of' Jack
Welch, a poundman. his wife Loul=a ami
C. J. Marble. Mrs. Welch's father The
parties represent rival- Mission factions
and have hadr considerable Police Court
notoriety lately, Palsoa alleges that on
Saturday afternoon Mrs. Welch and her
father beat his wife with an iron bar ard
that Jack Welch - assaulted him with a
revolver and threatened to kill him.
Rival Mission Factions at Wa
Captain Peterson of the ship Del Norte
which, recently arrived from Alaska'
claims that before starting on the trin
down he was given a. sack and contents
to bo delivered in Chinatown of this citv
Before reaching this port he discovered
that the sack contained human bones
They were probably intended to be re
consigned to China. Peterson reported
the matter to the police. u
Carried Human Bones.
,¦ Anita 1 :'.- Cadonan. .427 ; O'Farrell street
swore to a complaint in Judge Cabaniss'
court yesterday charging Walter B Jo-*
selyn with petty larceny. She accuses
him of stealing her sliver watch and
chain. She said that she had every con
fidence in Josselyn. and within th*» past
six months she had advanced him $2507
Misplaced Confidence.
Memorial Lodge No.' 174, A. O. U. W. t
gave a trolley party kust night to mem
bers and their friends. ,. Three special
party cars were engaged for' the occasion
and their carrying capacity "- was -well
taxed. A start .was made from Eddy and
Powell streets at 8 o'clock for a journey
over the entire electric system of the city.
Out for a Trolley Ride.
"Will Plant Another Tree.
Pupils of the Mission High School have
notified Chlff of Police Sullivan that the
tree which was planted by them on Thurs
day last had bfen stolen. The Chief has
promised to send an officer to look Into
the matter and iind tho guilty party if
possible.
The school wilt give a programme of o X .
Trlsps this aftf-rnoon, after which an
other tree will be planted. Mayor Phe!an
nnd a rumher of th>» members of the
Doard nf Education hnve signified their
willingness to attend tho festivities.
Will Go Back to the Asylum.
Officers Bakullch. Silver and Peshon ar
rested Salvator Parusa at 12 Union place,
last night, and locked him up in the In
sane ward at the Receiving Hospital r,ast
year Parusa became violently insane arid
(Stabbed several people, for which ho was
committed to Uklah. He returned to this
city recently on a leave of absence, which
expired on June 20. Last, nicht the old
symptoms of Insanity ngain mado them
selves mani'wl and the man had just
started to wreck his home when the offi
cers arrived and arrested him!
WILD MAN IN THE HIIXS.
Special Dispatch to The Call
MONTEREY. June ll.r-County Sheriff
M. P. Keef and a Deputy Sheriff started
yesterday for Syndicate Camp, on the
Upper Carmel, to take into custody an in
sane man who is causing great alarm
among the inhabitants of that section.
The lunatic, who Is af stranger, appeared
at Syndicate Camp about three or four
weeks ago. and going to the house of one
of the settlers asked for a night's lodging.
He looked ill and fatigued and bore all the
evidences of refinement and his request
was granted without question. Early the
next morning, however, he disappeared.
and was only seen at intervals after
ward, each time In a wilder and more
tattered condition, llnally going about ab
solutely nude. Since his disappearance
from the camp he has lived In the chap
arral, running away and hiding at the
approach of any other person, and so far
as known has had nothing to eat except
what he found In the woods. Fearing he
would die from hunger and exposure and
feeling alarmed that some tragedy might
result frurn his vagaries, the settlers in
formed the Sheriff nnd an effort to cap
ture and take- the man to a place for
treatment will at once be made.
Very little Is known of him except that
he Is believed to have come from Ohio
recently, and an effort to ascertain his
name and that of his people, in order to
inform them as to hi3 condition, will also
be made. .
MARE ISLAND DRYDOCX.
Special Dlsnntch to The Call.
VALLEJO, June 11.— One of t the most
Important boards that have met at Mare
Island for some time convened in the
commandant's office this afternoon for
ti.e purpose nf ascertaining the additional
cost of building the new drydock now in
course of construction of cement and con
crete instead of timber, as was at first
intended.
Tho action of this benrd will be closely
and anxiously- watched by contractors
generally, as it entails the use of enor
mous quantities of materials and an out
lay of thousands of dollnrs to change the
or'erlnal plans from wood to concrete.
The . following officers compose the
board: Captain Merrill Miller, president;
Commander F. J. Drake, Lieutenant Com
mander T. S. Phelps Jr.. Civil Engineers
U. C. Holllday, H. K. Stanford and F. T.
Chambers and Naval Constructor F. W.
Hibbs. H. R. Stanforu was appointed re
corder of the board. Civil Engineer
Chambers is en route to Mare Island tn
act on the board. Tho work in view will
keep the board busy for several days.
Mooney Jury Disagrees.
SANTA ROSA. June 11.— Tho case of the
People vs. Mrs. Thomas Mooney of Peta
luma has occupied tbe attention of Jurige
Brown and a jury here all day. Mrs.
Mooney, who is a well known society
woman of Petnluma. was accused of ma
licious mischief In having destroyed a por
tion of an Ivy hedtre between her prop
erty and that of Daniel Brown, a well
known capitalist. On account of the
prominence of the parties concerned the
ense attracted considerable attention.
Shortly after S o'clock to-night the 1ury.
being unable to agree, was discharged.
It stood ten for conviction and two for
not guilty. ¦ _ • .'
Bitten by a Rattler.
Special Disnatch to The Call
LOMPOC. June 11.— When out wheeling
yesterday Fred Parker came across a rat
tlesnake, and when attempting to kill it
it came near getting away over a bark.
He caught It by the tail and finished the
snake, but was seriously bitten in the
hand. It was thoucht for a while that he
could not live, but he now seems to be out
of danger. ¦
Rev. E. D. Haven Besigns.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND. June 10.— Rev. E. D. Ha
ven, pastor of the Congregational' church,
has offered his resignation, to take effect
July 1. He will remove to San Jose.
Shot Herself.
FRESNO. June 11.— Mrs. J. F. Richard
son,- living at "La* Vina. Madera County,
committed suicide to-day by shooting her
self In the head. She was temporarily in
sane . at .' the time. : • ¦.-"'
LONDON. June ll.-Colonel V/llllck3. in
command of the Ashanti relief expedition,
cables from Phrahsu, under date of June
9, as follows:
Have Just received a message from Colonel
Carter from Kwlsa, reporting that he advanced
June 6. effecting a junction with Captain. Hall
at il'kwal. He found the rebel forces strongly
fortified at Dompoassl. The fight continued for
a long time, and the enemy were dislodged,
but on account of the Iom of seven European
officers wounded and ninety other casualties
he was unable to advance and. returned to
Kwisa.
There 19 no newa of Kumassl. Hall Is at
Esumeja and Bekwal. which is friendly.
Kokoru and Adansl are in a Mate of rebellion.
Donglasst are probably Joining the rebel forces.
The commandant at Baz cables to the
Colonial Offlce as follows:
CAPE COAST, June 9.-The following Is the
purport of a dispatch received from Captain
Hall:
"ESniKJA. May 24.— Collected the forces at
Esumeja, Ejlnassl and Bekwai May 22. Con
sidered It necessary to find out the strength
of the rebel forces to the front before advanc
ing on Kumassl. The plan of the reb»l forces
was to hold our front at Ejumum and outflank
us from Kokofu. A garrison was left behind
at EJlnasRl. The remainder of the forces were
concentrated at Esumeja. where we left fifty
men and a Maxim. Told King at Dekwal to
advance to Abadon as soon as h> heard rifle
fire or encountered serious opposition.
"Within half an hour met resistance in a
Kokofu vlllaffe; repulsed the natives and
burned the village In their sight. The Kokofu
main villages were then attacked. Eight
thousand held them for half an hour. Was
unable to advance, but successfully withdrew.
"Lieutenant Edwards and six men were
wounded. The enemy's loss was considerable.
Decided tf> hold Esumeja and to keep communi
cation* open for news of the main body."
LONDON, June 12. — The Dally Mall has
the following dispatch from Accra, dated
June 10:
"There is no fresh news from Kumassle,
but persistent rumors are Jn circulation
that Sir Frederick Hodgson is a prisoner."
Trailing Stage Bobber.
FRESNO, June 11.— The Democrat says
that detectives who have come to this
city are working on a clew which seems
to indicate that some time between May
15 and May 23, or immediately before the
Yosemite stage robbery, the man. whose
valise was found on the scene of the rob
bery and who Is believed to be the rob
ber, was in Fresno. He had with him
stamp photographs of himself tallying
with tho.«e found in the valise and he left
town without paying for Ills lodging. He
occupied a room at a lodging-house for
one week and was accompanied by n.
Spanish woman, who came back four or
five days after they left to redeem their
valises, which had been detained. The
woman said she lived In Marlposa County.
A separate Mdentiticatlon agreeing with
this has been made at another lodging
house In this city, where the couple
passed one night.
Hundreds of Battlers.
OROVILLE. June 11.— On Saturday last
three young men at Brush Creek, in this
county, came upon a mass of rattlesnakes
at the side of a ledge of rocks. They at
tacked the snakes with clubs and rocks
and killed 175. when all three became sick
from the odor given off by the snakes.
They went to the edge of the rocks and
looked over. From the sight and from, the
hissing that occurred they estimated
there were -at least 1000 snakes below
them. The following day they returned
to the spot, but the live snakes had all
disappeared. The young men were Walter
Grace. Eramct Grace and John Cherry.
The statement Is vouched for by Walter
Grace, a truthful and reliable young mer
chant, who says this Is a plain and ex
act statement of the facts.
Fatal Clam Diet.
VALLEJO. June 11.— Edwin, the 11-year
old son of Mr. and Mrs. William II. Tay
lor, died Sunday after a series of painful
fits and convulsions from the effects -f
clams which he and other boys had dug.
cooked and eaten ai the beach near the
foot of Sonoma street Wednesday. Tho
poisoning Is probably due to the manner
In which he cooked the clams. He took
them out of ti.e shells and roasted them
in a rusty boiler cover which he found
on the beach. The other boys ate clams
also, but were not similarly affected.
Wilcox Cass Reset.
SANTA ROSA. June 11.— Judge Burnett
this morning. reset the case of Georjje P.
"Wlllcox, charged with the murder of his
wife near Lvtton Springs, for trial on Sep
tember 4. This Is the case in which the
jury.'after being out for seventy hours,
was on Saturday night discharged, being
unable to agree.
SUCCESS OF THE ASHANTI
RELIEF PARTY REPORTED
crowd went to their camp and armed
themselves with knives and guns and re
turned and the fiRht was renewed. Bel
lisario Robles of Monteclto was shot
through the thigh and ts Jn a serious con
dition. Two others received serious knife
wounds.
Charged With Murder.
SACRAMENTO. June 1L— Len Ah Hlnff.
a Chinaman who was shot in Chinatown
last evening in a highbinder warfare, died
this morning in the City Receiving Hospi
tal from the effects of his wounds. A.
charge of murder will be placed against
Fong Ah Guy. who is in jail. Len Ah
Hlng said Ian night that Guy was one of
the Chinamrn who shot at him. The po
lice say that Fonp Ah Guy came h<re a
little over a month ago from San t ran
cisco and that he was forced to flee frum
that city on account of some highbinder
trouble.
Loucks' Statement Admitted.
SANTA CRUZ. June 11.— At tne trial to
day of J. Techara. charged with' the mur
der of G. D. Loucks. the defense made a
strong figrht to rule out the victim's dyins
declaration, but was overruled. Ixjucka
declared that M. Amaya struck him with
a club and that Techara told Amaya to
"shoot and shoot to kill." Loucks identi
fied Techara and pointed his finder at
him. sayinp. "You told Amaya to shoot to
kill." Techara replied, "tou are mis
taken. Mr. Loucks. Witnesses testified
that Loucks* mind was clear when he
made the declaration.
Los Angeles Hall Assured.
LOS ANGELES. June ll.-Through the
generosity of Mrs. Emiline Chllds. one of
the wealthiest property owners In Lo3
Angeles, the city is at last In a fair way
to secure a convention hall large enough
to accommodate a national gathering.
This afternoon Mrs. Chllda sent the Mer
chants' and Manufacturers" Association
a letter in which she offers to donate a
site 150 by 160 feet on the east side of
Main street, between Tenth and Eleventh.
The only condition attached is that tho
convention hall shall be completed within
a year. The property will no doubt bo
accepted and within a few rtays active
steps will be taken to raise funds Tor the
construction of the buildlngr.
Graham Sentenced.
SALT LAKE, June 11.— John C. Graham.
found guilty on the 26th ult. of unlawful
cohabitation with Mary A. Graham and
Sarah Potter, or Graham, appeared before
Judge Morrell to-day for sentence. The
Judgment of the court was that defendant
pay a fine in the sum of $230. or In Ueti
thereof that he be confined In the Salt
Lake County Jail for a period pf 250 days.
A stay of thlrtv days was granted in or
der that the defendant might file a bill of
exceptions, it being the intention of tho
defense to appeal the case to the* Stats
Supreme Court.
Death of Madame Lehmann.
SANTA CRUZ, June 11.— Mme. Augusta
Lehmann died here last night. She was
a native of Germany and SO years of ags.
Fifty years apo she was famous as a
5inper "in Europp. She was court singer
at Vienna for many y*ars. She came to
this country with Parepa Rosa, with
whom she divided honors on a tour.
ANNUAL BANQUET OF
LORING SINGING CLUB
Good Dinner, Toasts, Songs, Music
and Flowers Make a Merry
Evening.
The close of the twenty-third season of
the Loring Club was celebrated last night
by a stag banquet at a Pine-street res
taurant, which was attended by sixty
members and invited guests. The feast
was all that could be desired, the ban
queters sitting In a bower of beautiful
llowers and belnp entertained by, a spe
cial orchestra. "William A. Morrison acted
as toastmaster and performed the duties
of his offlce to the satisfaction of his com-
rades. who enjoyed his keen wit.
IX W. Coring, founder and president of
tho organization, made a splendid ad
dress, und Mr. Hlake said some appropri
ate Ihlnn, J. C. Fyfe responded to the
(oast. "The Poets and Music"; W G
Morgan to "The Ladle*'; r. c. Unvsnti
to Discourse on Shakespeare." and F M
Goldstein sang "Jolly 'Red Nose" to the
satisfaction of all. William G. Mutran
read an original poem that was greatly
enjoyed. The musical numbers were as
Chorus. •'King Wlllafu Drlnklnp Hern";
*°°'rf *,• -r, )* aco - chorus "Three Chafers":
solo. Dr. J. F. Smith; solo. H. K. Medley; quar
tet. Mewni VMM, Homers. BtadtfeM and Nell-
Fen: chorus. '-Hedouin I.ove Kone"; Schneider's
Band, by »l.-c«-en IJeut>=chers— Herrcn Veaco
mUeter, Wise-bier. Lotz-frlJt, Sehmldt-tochter
Hoyson-auf. Romalne-stetn. Rlce-kraut Wis
mt-r-prhabfn. M«;dley-wurat.' P>f<»-8tauffen
etier-Xachtrleb. McCurrle-elnz, Kellsen-hauser.
berton-refunden: nolo, l5r. S. Schalkli'nmmer;
chorus. Heinz von Stein; solo. Malcolm Fraser'
solo, C. II. Van Orden.
OAKUXD. June 11.— President Cenja
mln Ide Wheeler will leave for the East
Wednesday to visit Brown University,
where he will be one of the speakers on
commencement day. He will at the same
lime celebrate the twenty-ilfth annlver-
Farary of his commencement day at the
same institution. H* will also visit Cor
nell College and will take part in the
meetinR of the National Philological As
sociation at Madison. Wts.
The president will make some Investiga
tions durinR his trip as to new faculty
material for the University of California,
though he still declares that no changes
of importance are to be made at Berkeley.
The new instructors will simply fill places
now vacnnt or positions to be created by
the growth of the university.
WHEELER GOES EAST
AFTER NEW INSTRUCTORS
Midweek ?take, £6 entries — Gus Abercromble's
Rock Island l>ov vs. ilaher & Reld'it Neille
Dawn; E. H. Mulcaster'e Lady Nai>oleon vs.
J. Pean's Gallant; T. J. Cremin's Thornhill vs.
Georse Sharman's Walt a Bit; Condrey &
Rough's Koyal Lady vs. P. McCabe'B Boney
Boy; Guf Ah<rcromb:e'« Flock Island King vs.
George Hharman's 'name?» Watt a Little: li.
Bennett!* Key D*U vs. Erwin & Lyons Silver
Wlr.ps; Ccr.drey & Rouen's Nightingale vs. D.
Cronin's (named Master Gordon: JelT Marte
net's Slim vs. Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne;
Duncan & Connelly's inamwi Cadenza vs. J.
Fmith's (names) Master Workman: Condrey &
Rough's Midnight Belle vs. M. B. CavanauRh'n
Hard Lines; J. H. W. Mui:«r's Cruiser vs.
Lf.we & Thompson's St. Oran; T. J. Oronln'g
Maid cf Ball vs. Pasha Kennels' Re*t Assured;
J. P. Thrift's Ft. Michael vs. T. J. Cronln's
Palsy Da'.e; Jeff Martcnefs Sally Brass vr. J.
Dean' I (names) Grenada; T. J Cronln's Wild
Tralee vm. F. A. McComb's Storm King: Pasha
Kcr-nela' Kapid Addition vs. J. J. Kenny's
Wlnnlnc Laf-if-: I'asha Kennels' Metallic vs.
J. L. ltos=s" Just Tipped; M. I/undon'a Majrneto
vs Curtis A Son's Shadow; W. Creamer's
(naim*) Onward vs. Sterl A Knowles" Ollta;
j. I«. Hofcs' J L n vs. J. O'lxiwd's Rhontnvtr;
A. Frank's <nam«s) I-rjlier»-r vb. J. I". Thrifl's
Forcet: I»«sha Kennels' May Ilempst^-acl vs.
R. K. <]« H. lsvpet. k Ron's liinl,!.,. Condrey &
n-'UKh's Klying Daisy vb. Kterl & Knowles'
Ripple: J. liicksons Lady Hers vs R. R. Ac 15.
Lotez & Son's Mlnne Wa U'»; Curtis * Son'a
Anchor vs. Krwln &. Lyon'n Silver Lion; I*.
O'Dowd'i Cascade vs. J. Carroll's Erin's Hope:.
D. (.'ronin's (names) Lea King va. ll. E. de H
lyipez & Son's (Tarmenclta; Condrey & Rouscli's
Homeward Round vi». II. K. <]<t II. Ix>pez ik
Son's Wanda.
Excellent Sport Promised to Follow
ers of the Pastime — Result
of the Drawing.
The draw for the Midweek Coursing
Stake at Union Park« on Thursday next
was held last night at Pythian Castle.
Fifty-six nominations were made., among
which are many of the fastest animals on
the coast. The dogs were paired as fol
lows:
SPEEDY DOGS WILL
RACE AT UNION PARK
PLEASURE SEEKERS
SEVERELY INJURED
.Mr. Biapleton had his rl^ht U-k broken
Vif-low tbe knee, tendons of the knee torn
loose find a xvtrt v.oijnd on the head.
M>s Mnbol Rice sustained a fracture of
her right .irrn and Miss Amy Rice suf
fered a broken ankle. Dr. I'rlce and Miss
Shaw were aJso badly bruised. The in
lured pleasure seekers were taken to Pot
ter Volley by a pas?!n£ t«am, their ve
liklc liavinj? been rendered bscIsss by Its
jjlungt- over « lie ornharikment.
A ftIov:s accident In Trhich yoursr peo
ple of this city and Berkeley narrowly es
caped death (iccurred near I'omr Valley,
Mendncino County, a few days ago.
Hisses Mabel and Amy Rice of th'.s city,
niec<s of rx-Mayor EHert. Frank
Ptaplcton of this city. Miss Winr.I
frc-'l Ehaw. Dr. Price and Bernard H
were driving to Eel Klver fro'rr Pottfr
Valley when the acr-idont o<-curred. While
(roirs r down a heavy erra<J<? the neckyoke
on one of the horses broke and the vehi
cle plunped over «n embankment, throw-
U.e. ;tl! Ibe occunacia out.
Dertba LyUftns wa» granted a divorce
yesterday from J. IIJ lyXgta* for cruelty.
i;<3:ih E. L«nslns 'ins secured a divorce
Irf-m Oharlf-s J. l-ans'.riB for desertion.
Buit? for tlivorcpliavr- been filed by Sarah
Jk. Lane against Georii* 1-ane for deser
tion, A. V. J5uticr airalnst Knalie ISutler
for desertion and Milton Appel against
Llllie Apik-1 for dwrtion.
In the Divorce Court.
Mrs. Annie 'irifnn, residing nt 315 Plx
ley street, reported hrr husband, William
Griflin, a? mlsfins at the Morgue last
niKht. The woman f.t*-s her spou?e. who
is a mechanic? f^'il^d to return from work.
on Jen*' 4, and lia« rot l><v-n heard from
nince. No cause' for bis disappearance can
be given.
Her Husband Disappeared.
KEW YORK. Juno 11.— The first annual
tournament for the championship of the
Women's Metropolitan Golf Association
was bcfrun to-day on the course of the
Morris County Golf Club. The conditions
called for the usual preliminary round at
eighteen holes, medal play, tho first sixteen
to qualify for the championship cup and
tho second sixteen for the consolation cup
Miss Beatrix Hoyt, the three-time cham
pion, was defeated by Miss Maud K Wet
more. 102 to 103. Miss Ruth Underbill, the
present champion, defeated Miss Shear
eon, 114 to 115.
Golf Tournament.
Miss Maud K. Wetmore Wins in a
CHAMPION DEFEATED.
American League Games.
MINNEAPOLIS, June 11.— Minneapolis S Buf
falo 3. ¦
MILWAUKEE. June ll.-Mllwaukee. J, i n .
dlana polls 2.
CHICAGO, J-jne 11.— Chicago 2. Detroit I.
KANSAS CITY. June U.— Kansas City 2
Cleveland 4. .. -,v: •.-
CORP.ECT STANDING OF TIIK CI-UnS.
Cluhs— W. 1,. Pet. | Club*— W. r* Pet.
Phlla<l»Iphla.a 15 .fir. OhlcHRo 20 22 .4Tfi
P.rooklyn ....2.1 l<i .MO Boston IS 20 .474
Plttsbuns ....2S 21 .. r .2.i| Cincinnati ...10 23 .410
St. Louis 20 20 .SCO New York. ...13 23 .305
PHri^ADELPHIA. June 11.— Cincinnati de
veloped a hattlnK streak and hit i«u of Phlla
delphlfi'a r'lfhers nt will. They made twelvf
hits off Orth and a like number off Fraaer.
The locals hntied well, but not enough to ofT
*et tlie tremendous cannonading of the visitors.
Attendance 34C0. Score:
Cluhs— n. It. E.
Cincinnati 13 24 3
Philadelphia t 8 14 y - 0
Batierles— Phillips. Newton and Wood: Orth,
Fraser. Douglas and McFarland. Umpire—
EmsIIe.
KKW VOnK. June 11. — Mere»r> Rood pitch
tnir. backed up by timely batting.- enabled the
New Yorks to win from St. Louis to-day. M°r
cer had excellent control and the fielding be
hind him wim of the b*st.. Score:
Club«— n. H. K.
New York R IS 3
fit. Louis 0 6 3
Ha»t»rles— Mercer nnd Warner; Ilughey and
Robinson I'mplre — O'Day.
nnOOKl.YN. June 11. — Phllllppl lasted three
Innlne* to-day, and Waddell "tried then to st(.fi>
'the hitting of tbe Brooklyns. He was touched
op for a Flnele. a triple and a home run in
the fifth »nd two slnnl<»s In the seventh. th»
latter two »,r!r*lng In the wlnnlnp ran Pltts
tuirir bunched Its hits in thre»- Innings ort Ken
nedy, hut cou!d not win. O'Connor was In
jured In a collision and retired. Attendance
17CO. S*:ore:
Clubs— R. H n.
PlMfOnirg 7 9 S
Brooklyn 8 . 13 3
Batteries— Phillippi. Waddell ar.d O'Connor;
Zlmmer. Kennedy and Farrell. Umpire — Swart
wood.
b"OSTON\ June 11.— Long's magnificent work
at nhort raved to-day's name for Boston. Time
and a^ain he killed KeemlnKly sure hits nnd his
backing up of Lowe's ouick r»turn of th* ball
to ih» r>Iate in the eighth inning savd one if
not more runs. Both pitchers were effective at
critical times.' Attendance 1100. Score:
Clubs— R. II. E
PoMon 4 7 4
Chicago 3 8 3
Batteries — Cuppy and Sullivan; Garvln and
Chance. Umpire— Huret.
PHILLIES LOSE A GAME.
Five furlorDTF — Nltrnt^ win, Problem second.-
Nels Morris third. Time. 1:04. Xanthos fin
ished »»ccnd, byt was disqualified for fouling.
One mllo. selling— High Noon won. Lord Z>;nl
second. H°lmet third. Time. 1:42',4;
Six furlongs' — Mound City won. Oily Gamin
«>«"-ond. G<"orR«> H. Ketchum thlr<l. Time. 1:16.
ifakalurk finished second, but was disqualified.
For the first time during the season the
judpes had occasion to take action on foul
riding. In the fourth race Xanthos cut
off Nitrate and Problem and was set back.
Sakatuck did the same thing to Fair-De
ceiver In the last race and was also dis
qualified. Jockpy Michaels was th« guilty
party in both rases and was set down for
the balance of the meeting for his poor
,'udgment. Results:
Six furlonps. selling- — T^nke Fonso won.
Br'shtle S «eccnd. Cn^tlo thlrfi. Time. 1:1."H-
Five furlongs— Repina Ive won, Er?la second.
Great Star third. Time. 1:02.
One mile— Nettle Rpgent won. Charlie O'Brien
Feoorvi. Miss I>»d» third. Time. UWA.
was thrown over the fence at; tff« six
furlong pole. His left kg was broken and
ho was otherwise badly Injured.
Mrs. MSIlf-r, restdintr nt IZT, Union street,
fell down the rear Ftairs of her residence
about ten days a?o. Kl.o was In a deli
rate condition at the time and the acci
dent rerUllcd In !kt death yesterday. The
Coroner"* <jfru<.- was notified and an in
quest will l>* held.
Died From Effects of a Fall.
IsIcGlado Gets a R-spite.
Peter W. McGlade. who was convicted
cf forgery a week ago, appeared before
Judpe Cook for sentence yesterday. Out
at I he requeet of McCIade's counsel tne
cist was postponed until Friday.
T"rank Cole, on employe of the Arctic
Oil Works, was arrested last night by
Poll'-eman John Fowl* and Specials
Charts* Mahnke and William Thompson
on a warrant rbarpinj? him with <-mbez
zl«rrsent. The ccmplaint states that Cole
collertf-<i money for his lirrn which he
tailed lo account for.
Charged With Embezzlement.
The action brought by the poolsellers of
this city against Chief of Police Sullivan
to restrain him from closing their estab
lishments and confiscating their property
was argued again before Judge Murasky
yesterday.- The police liled an answer to
the poolsellers' . petition of a writ of in
junction and alleged that the petitioners
are simply conducting common gambling
resorts, which are contrary to the law
Henry Ach appeared for the police and
George D. Collins represented the com
plainants. The argument will be conclud
ed to-day. * •
Foolsellers in Court.
Bound for Nome.
SEATTLE, Wash.. June 11.— The steam
er San Juan Bailed for Nome to-day, car
rying 300 passengers , and 2000 tons of
freight.
CINCINNATI, June 11.— The second
week of the Latonla Jockey Club opened
to-day with fine weather and a good
crowd. Eleven books were in line. The
track was - fast. Jockey Berman. while
going to the post on Lord Eberly in the
firsi race, -lost control of the horse and
Trotting— Lable Jefferson won second, fourth
and flfth heats and race. Time. 2:24%, 2:25%
2:2i%. Red Clff won the third heat. Time,
2 2.">'/«. Herbert C won first heat. Time, 2:2«V4.
(it- 1 har'li and Red Elena also started.
Four furlonps— Fernand won. Dean H second
Horn third. Time, :IO.
Six furloncs— St. Gennalne won. Pilot second
Kly Lctta third. Time. 1:1<V4.
Six furlonp* — Alarta won. Melody second,
Eva Wilson third. Time. 1:17.-
Pacing:— Conn!* vron In three straight heats
Time. 2.22. 2:20Vi. 2:24. Prosper. Blast. Arline,
IJuMia, Jo Jo and Penchant also started.
DENVER, June ll.-Results at Overland
Park:
One mile and seventy yards, Fclllnx— Land
Tteserve won. The Bobby second. Guess Me
ihlrd. Time. 1:43.
Six furlor.K<i, sellinR— Bermuda Prince won.
nisie Vtnner second. Insurrection third. Time
l:l"i.
Six furlor.srs — Clara Wooley won. Prince
Plf-nty Fecor.d. Wax third. Time, 1:174.
Fiv« furlcncs— Lurano won. Kid Cox second,
Invictus third. Time. 1:04.
CHICAGO. June 1L— Harlem results.
Weather clear: track glow.
Four and a half^furlongs— Poasart won, Th<»
Butcher second. Laurence third. Time. :i"\.
Fr.ur and a half furlongs — Woodstlck won.
rja'anthuB second. Prince of Delight third.-
Time. .SHi-
One mile and a sixteenth— fllue Devil won.
Hammock second. Cangor third. Time. 1:48 1-6.
Myrtle *take*. one m!i» and a sixteenth. «»ll
iTig—IIe*per won. h-ky R<-rnper eecond. Klnni
klnnlc third. Time. 1 47 1-6.
Five furlongs— Hoiftein won. Cros»on second,
I>adv Ororjriar.a third. Time, l:0J 2-5.
Klve and a half furlon*s — MIer Addle won.
All Green second. Fair Rosamond third. Time,
1 :W.
Six furlongs, selling— Prestidigitator won,
Kamara Ftcond. P.ulToon third. Time. 1:12 1-5
One mil* ami ?•¦vpnty yard*— Lord Halllmor*
won. Nansec second, Cyrano third. Time.
1:47 1-r,.
NEW YORK, June 11.— Two favorites
wore successful at (Jravesentf to-riay—
Miss Addle and HoMern— but ttte others
w^nt down In startling? succession. The
track was- fast. Results:
Fix' furlong*. ?e!!ln«r— New Wicks won. Imp.
Ivjiterer neCODd. 1-ef- Ktnc third. Time. IMS 1 *.
Six furlongs. handicap— Hlnorker won. Theory
eec/wi. Cotton Flam Ihlrd. Time. 1:14»4.
Se\»>n furlonps — Tulla Fonso won. Out<l«>
Rock second. Hottentot third. Tlm<». 1:28H-
One mile, fielllmr— Tlokful won. Moroni kpc
ond. UTurpate thlrrl. Time, 1:42.
Five furlonpF— Isabel ti-on. Miss Zara second.
Lcote third. Tim*:. 1:01
Sailing. on«» mil* and a half— School Clrl win,
Klondike Cj.i*-*n rntind. Jim Conwa/ third
Tin:*. 2:31
ST. LOUIS. June 11.— Five favorites and
one well-played second choice scored at
the Fair grounds to-day. The defeat of
Yfllowtall by Hlnocker In the third race
was the most striking Teature of thp card.
Hinockor. with light weight Up. galloped
away from Yell«iwtall. • who seems stale
lust now and staggered homo «. poor
fourth under the 120 pounds Impost. Re
sults:
YELLOWTAIL GOES STAXE.
parts of the Union. She married th« lata
Frank A. St. Sure, who was a distin
guished surgeon in the medical corps con
nected with the Union Army during tha
Civil War. At the close of the war they
came to California and finally settled In
Orovllle. where they lived for over twenty
years. Following the death of her hus
band about ten year3 ago Airs. St. Suro
came with her family to Alameda. where
they have since resided. Besides City Re
corder St. Sure, she leaves a younger son.
Frank A. St. Sure, who is a student oC
medicine.
Mrs. St. Sure was widely known for her
charity and was an earnest worker In
behalf of the church to which she be
longed In a quiet way she performed
many deed3 of kindness and carried cheer
and happiness into the homes of the poor
and needy of Alameda. She was recently
chosen a grand trustee of the State or
ganization of the Catholic Ladles Aid So
ciety and was an officer and member or
almost all of the societies connected wltn
St. Joseph's Church.
AI,AMKDA, June 11.— Mrs. Ellen
Donoghue St. Sure, mother of City
Recorder St. Sure, passed away
this morning after a lingering ill—
ness. She had been a sufferer from heart
complications for Eeveral months and in
spite of medical aid continued to grow
weaker. She was unconscious during the
last twenty-four hours and. her death was
hourly expected. The end came at 11
o'clock.
Services will be held to-morrow even-
Ing at the late residence, 2312 Central ave
nue, under the auspices of the Catholic
Ladies' Aid Society. The funeral will be
held Thursday morning from St. Thomas'
Church in Oroiille. where the remains
will be interred in the family plat.
Mrs. St. Sure was born rn Femroy.
County Cork. Ireland, October ID. 1S47, and
was 53 years of age. When a child she
was brought to America by her parents,
who resided at different times In various
OAKLAND, June 11.— Charles Ov*rark
er and Miss Edna Hammer of this city
were married at Reno. IsVv.. on Friday
and returned to Mr. Overacker's home at
Mies yesterday, where they will reside
Mr. Overackor was only divorced from
his wife a few weeks ago and this ne
cessitated a m.-irrinpe In Nevada In order
to evade the California laws. The cere
mony was performed by the Rev. B. F.
Hniir!!eson of Ueno.
Miss Hammer Is nn Oakland girl, but
has been teaching school at Nllos for
pomf lime. It was there that her ac
cmalntance with Mr. Ovprarker began
Mr. Overacker sued his wife for a divorce
upon the ground of desertion, they having
been separated for some time.
CHARLES OVERACK^R AND
MISS EDNA HAMMER WED
pugilistic fame by dint of his punching
powers. It has seen him lower the colors
of George Green and Frank McConnel!
on iwo occasions and lastly place Mr.
Murphy of Australia on the shelf. In all
these lights they have seen Neill light
with nil the vim and cleverness of a
champion and were grievously disappoint
ed last Friday night to see their idol shut-
NtiH has apologies to offer. He claims
that he underrated his man;- that he was
not in the best of condition and lastly
that his arm failed him. He positively
claims that ho can defeat Moffatt and all
he wants is .'mother chance. If It Is
given him ho will fight as he has In past
iiattres and with a determination to win
back U:e laurels he worked so hard to
gain. In Uie minds of many patron3 of.
the game the local clubs would make a
hit If they could match tne men for an
other contest.
AL NEILL. the local middleweight
who was defeated by Jack Moffatt
of Chicago on Friday evening last,
craves an opportunity to retrieve
his lost laurels. He has seen Managers
Crowley and Gibbs of the Columbia and
National Athletic clubs and appealed to
both fight promoters to give him another
chance at h!s hard hitting rival. He also
called on Kam Pooler, manager of the
Eastern pugilist, and made all sorts of
honorable inducements for another en
gagement. That Neill ts In earnest in his
desire for another match Is evidenced by
the fact that he visited the office of The
Call yesterday and deposited a check for
$1000 with W. J. Martin, the business man
ager, as a side bet. He is confident that
he can defeat Moffatt and is willing to
wager that amount on his ability to do
so.
The local boxing clubs are debating the
advisability of matching the two men
again. The shre« - d tignt promoters feel
certain that a return bout would draw a
crowded house and both clubs express a
willingness to give Nelll another chance.
Hut there is an obstacle In their path and
that Is Mr. Pooler of Chicago. He wants
easier game for his man. Having had the
satisfaction of taking Neill's forfeit
money and then defeating the Callfornian,
he now wants his bread-winner to tackle
men who are less famous and less scien
tific than Nelll; men who will be easy pick
ing for Moffatt. Jt is probable that "Tim"
Murphy, the Australian who was sent to
dreamland by Al's mighty right, will be
Moffatt's next antagonist. It is doubt
ful whether either club hankers after tho
match, but they must bow to the will of
Air. Pooler.
The sporting public has seen Neill fight
or, numerous occasions. It has watched
Mm bat»!e his way to the top rung of
Mrs. Ellen Donoghue St. Sura.
Ftehter Al Neiil ard His Challenge Check.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, June 11.
The warehouses of George Althauser at
Alvarado. with 4000 bales of straw, besides
four Southern Pacitlc flatcars, were
burned on Saturday, causing a loss of
JIO.000. The fire threatened to destroy the
Grangers' Motel, a high wind blowing In
the direction of the building, and carrying
sparks and embers for a mile, over the
town. The most active work of a volun
teer fire brigade prevented the destruction
of much more property.
The fire started in a corner of the huge
warehouse and spread so quickly through
the plies of inflammable straw that there
was not time to attempt to save anything
from the structure. On the tracks at the
warehouse was a train of frelghtcars.
Some of these were hauled out of danger,
but the four which were burned could not
be moved. The townspeople organized a
bucket brigade and bent their efforts to
save the village. The Grangers" Hotel Is a
large frame structure directly opposite
the warehouse, and It was frequently in
dancer from the blazing cinders and the
flaming debris which were blown across
the railroad track. A fortunate shifting
of the wind aided the fire fighters In their
work. The fire cleaned out the war»
hon=es and contents very speedily, but for
hours afterward the people, were com
pelled to watch for Incipient blazes
through the town.
The burned building was 200 feet lone
and was about half full of straw. The
contents belonged to Kd Salz of Decoto
Both warehouse and contents were tn-
Fured. The fire Is supposed to have been
caused by tramps.
Four Thousand Bales of Straw Con
sumed — Grangers' Hotel Saved
by Hard Work of Volun
• teer Brigade.
Alvarado .Visited by Flames
That Threatened to Burn
the Entire Town.
FIRE DESTROYED
BIG WAREHOUSE
AND FLATCARS
The C!ty Attorney has filed an opinion
with the Foard of Supervisors in answer
to a. resolution respecting a proposed
plan of raising Immediate revenue by re
bating interest and penalties en delinquent
taxes. The attorney eayi in his opinion:
There 5r r.o statute or other provision of law
•whioh «n?o«-er( the mur.lcli»aiity to remit
tax*-!". Interest on same, or penalties, which are
legally due and payable, a valid tax must b«
c.'.'.rr-'rd |a toto. An invalid tax 1« not to be.
treated ne a tax at ell, hence no penalties arise
thereunder. The nlan proponed is to rebaf;
penalties, etc.. upon valid assessments, which
is. in rr;y o^inli-n, beyond the power o* the
board.
The ordinance limiting the height of
fences for advertising purposes to ten feet
¦was amended by the Beard of Supervisors
yesterday so that it will go into effect on
July l, lSOl. instead of immediately, as
originally intended. The ordinance as
amended was finally passed by a unani
mous vote.
The amendment was proposed by Brand
onstein. who eald that in justice to the
blU posters who had large contracts ahead
ibe date for putting the measure in full
force and effect should be extended one
year. The amendment was seconded by
Connor. Heed stated that L. D. Owens,
representing the bill posting concerns, had
agreed to so arrange his business that all
contracts hereafter entered into would
terminate at the end of the year and no
hardship would result to the interested
parties.
Booth did not see why a particular date
Fhould be set for the ordinance to be ef
fective.
"The bill posters." said Booth, "might
fnter Into n<-w contracts at the end of the
year and then ask for another extension.
1 now desire to present an amendment
that so far as existing bona tide contracts
row held by the bill posters are concerned
they shall not be affected by the ordin
ance. 1 think this Is fair to both sides."
Booth's amendment, however, failed to
receive a second. Owens then announced
the intention of the bill posters to test the
ordinance in the courts in any event, and
tho measure finally passed, after the opin
ion of the City Attorney in regard to its
validity had been read.
A resolution was adopted providing for
the final acceptance of the Hall of Justice
an^l Morpue buiidinp. provided the con
tractors and their bondsmen furnish a re
lease < f all claims apainst the city prow
ing out of the erection of the building or
the carrying out of the contract of 1S97
or any Fubsecuent contract or modifica
tion thereof.
Comte offered an amendment providing
that if said releases are not executed
within three days then after legal notice
given* the city and county, through its
architects, proceed to finish the building
u per contract at the expense of the
mrety company.
Jm explanation Comte said that It is not
prudent to accept' the. building unless
Ii.Tteman Brothers, the original contract
or^. aroUld i-i^n a release and If it were
rot pi vi n the citv could proceed to finish
;:¦» building. If the amendment were
r.doptod it might lead to a compromise
and settlement of the question.
An <<ruiiiuv.cn was passed to print dlrect
h -' the Auditor to audit and the Treas
urer to pay out cf the sum of J1I.932 at
¦ • -• nt credited to the public building
fund ihe approved claims of the various
¦persons, firms and corporations that have
K en < ngaped in making alterations in the
H«U of Justice and Morgue building.
McCarthy introduced a resolution which
¦»•:¦.* rr-ff-rred to the Street Committee
r::estloning the right of the Market Street
Railway Company to suspend trolley
wires over Bush street between Kearny
ur.d Fansome as fellows:
Whereas. The Market Street Railway Com
jar.y has suspended trolley wires over Bush
rtreet. between Kearny anJ Sar.=ome streets,
a:A
Whereas. Ther* 1* rrfat doobt of the. right
f'. v.i'.d company to su«p*-n<J the wires as afore
taid; therefore, be ft
rt'-FOlvp<l, That the Brard of Public Works
I? fienrhy Instructed to uncertain the city's
r ghti :r. the pr^tnlsPS. an<l fhnuld It appear
that the Market Street Company has acted
¦rlthout authority the Hoard of Public Works
fhall r"i>ort the f-arae forthwith to the board.
McCarthy eaid that the company evi
dectiy had no authority to operate trolley
crlrea on the street as it had done the
w>rk during the night. The Mayor
thoujrht that the board should grant the
privilege on the petition of the company
r>s the people in tho northern section of
the city wore clamoring for the Eystem.
The company has no privilege on Bush
street from Jvearny to Montgomery.
PENALTIES ON TAXES
MAY NOT BE REMITTED
Hall of Justice Will Be Finished by
th.9 City if Contractors Fail
to Sign Release of
Claims.
Order Restricting Unsightly
Signs to Be Effective in
One Year.
FENCES HIGHER
THAN TEN FEET
TO COME DOWN
DEATH CALLS WORKER
IN CHARITY'S CAUSE
- • . ...-•• . . ¦- . ... . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 1900.
Managers of Local
CJubs Are Ready
and Willing to
Give the Young
Boxer Another
Meeting.
Deposits a Check ?
With The Call's 'I
Business Manager I
as a Side Wager I
That He Can t
<>
DcdL lTi(JIld.LL» l
AL NEILL IS ANXIOUS TO
RETRIEVE LOST LAURELS
Fight Over a Card Game.
Special Dispatch .to The • Call.
LOMPOC. June U.— Laborers employed
In the beet .fields on the McKay ranch
near Surf had a free for all fight over a
same of cards last night. The men be
longed to rival camps and the worsted
Revolution in Water Travel.
9
|¥BSSHY IS HEALTHFUL! f
? fij A Natural Mineral W*t«S
q n@ *lth medicinal qualltlas, O
o IJs&h y ° r aai °
o Stomach Diioriari. o
!#Jiil s<> ' ca " e!S VICHY I
? S^^§ IN SIPHONS £
I JI1J KM ¥1CHY|
S&^^J Get the Gcnulna %
O A. VIGNIER. Distributing A^ont,!A\ FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
re:;, corner of Market and Third streets, open
' until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
corn- Clay; open until 9:30 p. n>. .
800 Hayes street: open until 8:30 p. m.
€29 McAllister street ; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln etreet; cpen until 9:39 p. m.
1341 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. ia.
_€1 Mission eircet, corner Sixteenth; open un
til S r- rn •
106 Eleventh street: cpen until ) p. m.
1CS6 Valencia ftrwt: cpen until 9 p. n>.
Northwest ceraer Twenty-second *nd Ken
tnckv ftrc-^ts; open until P p. m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 3900.
10
KC— TI-G NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA CT.srter No. 5. R. A.M.. m
¦wl'A mec-t THIo (Tl'KSDATt E VE - N "-A,
ING, June _, at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. de-^2T
tree. I : .y crder of the If. P. / ~r '
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary-
GOLDEX OATH L-xiff* No. S". F. and •
A. M -Meeiiiuj THIS iTlESDAY)
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First Ue- If 3T
tree. G r.O. J. HOBE. Sec. 'V^
PACiriC l^odre No. 136. F. and A. M.. |»
121 i:ddy ft., nv«*t«< THIS EVEXISO, mg\*
7:20 o'clock. Becoad d»gree. 7*.#\
GEORGE PENL1NGTON. Sec. /V
ORIENTAL Lodre STo. 144. F. end A. s
M.— Thirl degree THIS (TUESDAY) jfV,
EVENING .-.t 7:30 o'clock. 7<_#\
A. g. HUBBARD, Secretary. ~*
IVANIIOE Lodre No. 5. K. of P.. -ill .^
confer th* Knight Rank (long form). ScJ^*,
VTEDXEfDAT, June IS. 1S30. at_3<N&"
Pyihian Castle, 90S l t Market St., at *«S»_i
S:SO p. m. Members o! Bister lodges cordially
invited. JOHN WISE. C. C.
O. NORCnOSS. K. of R. ar.,1 S.
THE funersU delegates cf the Austrian w^JV^.
Benevolent Society are hereby notlf.ed KJKjy
to avf-nJ '.ho funeral of cur late <;i,i:S'2?
brother. JOHN PETUOVICH, WED-
NESDAT, June 13, at 5 o'clock p. in.. "~
from our liE.il, 413 Sutter st. I>v order of
J. U RADOVICH, r—sldent.
ATO. mgUUCH. Recroding Secretary.
KNIGHTS of the Red Branch ."V '
R!2e»— The picnic committee will f
meet on WEDNESDAY EVEN- _f
ING. et 8 o'clock, to make final y&? %J»
arranrem^r.ts for excursion tf IU *^ _S j
Ban Jose en r.ext Sunday. June 17.
SI. J. GAl'L. <halrman. *y**T£' ;
JOHN 'TAXI'Y. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
srrro CAN be mode durinr next 6 months ty
isuctllns neer.ts hnndling our "hit* and fanry ;
rubbfr rol'.ars, cuffs, bosoms, necktie; patent- |
ed. £~uaraiHeed goodf ; inclor*- Ftamp for spe- 1
clai plan. M. ft M. Mfg. Co.. BprtBKfl— d. Mass. •
ADVERTISING, insurance or book man who is '
csp&ble of earning not le»s than CS0-per wetk, I
etate npertcne* and uan:e 2 references. Ad-
dress box 2C07, CaK.
A WEEK'S new* for 6 cents. The Weekly Call.
36 pageg. In ti- rapier, for mailing. 11 per year.
ASTttOLOGV.
1T-OF. A. KAEEBT of Kpypt. greatest astrol-
etfst cr.d palmln :n the world; satisfaction
gua— tntfgfl. 15 Powcli ft.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a upeclalty; private;
no fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE. atty. at law. f-50 Market.cor. Stockton.
h. W. KING. :27 Market^st.. rocm 627; all
cases; no advance charges; call or write.
ADVICE free: r.o charir? unless successful. W. \
TV. DAVIDSON. ?r7 Market rt.. oyp. Mason, j
L. 8. CLARK. Ekes Spreckels bid*.. ?I7 Mar-
ket tt.; cc_Hi!t»UoB ,'ree: no fees In advance.
DCLGIAV HARKS.
AMERICA'S GRANDEST.
LORD EDINbOKO <imp.); fee !„ 00
DUKE OF CLARENCE (imp.); fee $15 CO
And 2Z others; fee J3 00. 110 00
Crackajack youncrters. Imported bucks unl
does. I!re<J d>>es.
Full line of Rabbit RurpHea.
15EST HARE MANUAL FREE.
Open daily until * p. m. Visitors welcome.
BAN FKANCISCO HELGIAN HARE CO..
f?AM G. HAMMOXD, _£T.
Rabfcttry— i-jl5 Shctwell tt.
Office— Spreckels Market.
TOR cr.e wwk cn!y— Beltrian hare does bred to
our '"Lord Doncast^r" for $20; "Lord Doncas- !
ter" 1? one of the finest sires ever Imported; I
arrived from England May IT. 1S0O; cire. I'al- |
fece Cup buck of 1V5 S ; doe, winner of Doncas- •
ter Silver Cup of 1?3? ; he won a prize every
time te was shewn In England; wonderful
color: magnificent *hape. CALIFORNIA
• BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIATION. Alameda.
O»l.
Of Imported and domestic Belgians
Wednesday, from 2 to 6 p. m.
AT MARKET-STREET RABBITRY.
• - X^_2 Market ftreet.
\V. C. BEXTHAM . Prop.
CLAREMONT Belgian Hare Association— Does j
t>red to Fashod* Prince and Royal Rochdale, j
J10 to |5C»; best strain youncsters, {2 to III.
<*16 Tflf-ci-aph ave.. Oakland.
FOR Fale — Very fine Etock of high-score, pedi-
*rre«>d Belgian hare? all tcored by Mrs. Bush.
Z0C9K Putter st.. San Frmncisco.
TREMONT Belgian Hare Co.. 2U4 Flllmore St..
Ban Francisco. Cal.— Send 6c In stamps for
book en care and feeding.
IIArin Sanitarium— Treatment of sick hares;
positive snuffle cure. Dlt. JACOBS. 1616 Turk.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE C..C03 Oold-
en Oate ave.. S. F.: 100 rabbits for sale cheap.
niCVCLES For Sale or Bichintf.
•ALLEN sells new bicycles for tM; good article.
3C1 Larkin ft.. <v»rr.er McAllister.
IlOAItMJNW FOR CHILDRBX.
"TANTED-Small child to board and room for
mother. Ztt K»'!l st.
BOOKS XEW AXD OLD.
BCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged!
Holmeb Rook Co.. '04 Ml«r!nn *t.. near Third.
ni'SIXESS CHAXCES.
A— J~0— ELEGANTLY furnished restaurant; on
Stockton Ft.; place eetabl. many years and do-
ing rushing, good- paying business; no better
cCer In market. li. <1. WILKE. 2C^i Kearny.
A— 1601); FRENCH restaurant in choicest loca-
tion of Lutin Quarter; rent S_; a splendid
;aj -;r.™ bu^aes*; must be fold at ence, as j
owners ar^ gojr.g to leave for l'aris. Call R. I
G. WILKE. 2CVi Kcsrny «*.
A— I22S0; TBAKEFJEB corner en Mission et.. In-
cluding boSUJati ground rent, J20; l<rase of 4
years; fittt-d—u; leaving for Europe; not all
cafrh necessary. R. G. WILKE. i'e',, Kearny.
A— JiOO; OQS3CXB cigar «ore with card room,
dofe to corner Market and Powell Ets. ; a rare
cnance. Call R. G. WILKE. „% Kearny Bt.
A— J1000; CANDY roj'.e. establ. ;0 years: ali
cash" trarie. cl^arins ab<--ut J150 per month.
Call R. «J. WILKK. 26V* Kearny et.
A— 1300; COIlNEli ealoon: rent $1S; choicest lo-
cation fcoiuh of Market st.: place doini; a good j
paying btiklnt-u. tut parties can't agree. Call
K. O. W1LKC. 2Ch* Kearr.y et.
A— J3C0; COBXEB branch bakery and grocery.
with 4 living rooirj«, t,n Ueary «-t.; low rent
and cood paying bus'nos; a rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. i6- s iiearnr «-
A-A. STENRERcTrO.. fS5 Market «t.
Lift your Htorrn.
City and Cour.tr>' Real Estate.
- or ;::.y Kind cf business with us.
We can ki-!! for cash j
, Ilave buyers waiting j
........$1.M)— IJi-fcr.ch bakery; barcain. '
¦ J4.-.0— Cigar store; Kearr.y gt.
¦ ISO— l*-llcaey store; ~>ftera Addition.
A. gTKSREB.Q CO.. _S Market st. Phone
Folsom Jill.
A— S300: IJU-STAUKANT cloee to Government
wharf; rooms ur^airs; o».-ner T year* there:
receipts avcraee 125; meals „?; fine place for
man and wife. STEXBEItG CO.. S35 Market.
CROCEHV aa.l har: Kne location: Rood chance
for wld.yiv. COWING &. «'<J.. 719 Market st.
CORNER croc«'ry and bar; fine location: cause,
sickness; Lar^ain. Cowing & Co., T19 Market.
$000 — OYFTEIl and chorihr.uFe: ladles* rooms-
fine location; daily receipts \t<i ta J25. UA-
SILK. 2 Eddy st.
5125— CICAlt Ftore with laundry efflce and club-
room; cood trade; fhecp at S200. Pacific Uutl-
¦ r.ern Exchange. 1016 Market at.
12000— CA N D v\ store, factor;' and^ ice-cream
parlor en Market tt.. <loinz large business;
fickni-ss cause cf eale. l'aclzlc Exchange, 101s
Market st. '
¦\TANTEU— A fcr!zl:t man or woman to pur-
chase a maxifg. business: full investigation;
email capital required. Ad.l. box 21S1. Call.
KEAKNY-ST. business: established 10 years:
guarantee profit of iMO monthly; $M<0; must
eell; receipts {26 dally. 411 Kearny ft.
FOn sale — Eraneh bakery, notion and confec-
tionery store; ill health cause. Inquire at
213 Fourteenth et., corner Natoma.
WANTED— An Investment couth of Market «L;
SZViO to $60u0; must pay a good lnsorae. Ad-
gress M.. box ZCZ*. this office.
SALOON*, downiown, near Market et.; rent JW
per month.- Apply 1! First ft.
FAMILY liquor etore at invoiced value; rood
lore lion: lease. 601 Market gt. ' . ; '
CIGAR stand. EE. cor. Stockton and O'Farrell;
on account of creditors. Particulars at PO-
, fc_N_R _ L_V_*. 106 Pine rt. -
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
$450— CORNER grocery and bar; full value; bar-
pain. Mclaughlin & co.. 777»,j Market st.
$1500— MILK route; near the city; established
business; sickness cause of sale. HcLAUGH-
LI N k CO., 777ji Market st.
tt r iO0— RESTAURANT and cafe; ' prosperous
town near the city; bargain; part cash if de-
sired: «"iihrr business cause of sale. Mc-
LAUCHLJ.N & CO.. 777'^ Market st.
IKO-EITCHEK market: established 25 years;
Rood location. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777>4
' Market ft.
$6:0— RESTAURANT: north of Market st.; bar-
pain; pfinp to Capa Nome cause cf taie.
Mclaughlin a co.. 777=4 Market ~.t.
?6"P— GOOD corner snloon and liquor store;
\alue ia stuck. LANE k CO.. SC'. Market st.
$3T.O— CIGAR Ftore; centrally located: owner
leaving city; Investigate It. LAYMANCE
REAL ESTATE CO., <S0 ar.d 452 EifcMh st.,
Oakland._
A FIRST-CLASS sho« shop: good prices; good
work^-rmall stock slices. 332 Bufh St.
NURSERY for sale: Jobs and tools. Including
florist. 1724 Cer.tral ave^ _
$17."»-RF.:=TAU.JJ.ANT: worth $4?0; must be sold.
j Inquire <'a'l c-ftlce.
I $3-00— LAIV.TKST family resort: 5" miles from
S. I'.; vaudeville show every Saturday Rnd
Bandar: Including hous-:- and gsr.V.n on leased
jrrcurd. 2 fln? bp.rrooms. bowling alley and
hotel: Iat»Fi lmprov»n»n!s. Particulars call
at I->!1 and Franklin f=ts. ; grocery.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
I locRt'on; place Is entirely covered and con-
I ?nins 3 5taH«: rent only $15; water free. In-
I quire \VM. HENDUICICSON _ CO.. C14 Call
; lulldir.c
; DRUG store for sale: city: good location; good
btis!ne~; gi>o<j stock: ?oo?l prices; good rea-
! sens for selling; good opportunity. Box 1761,
: Cr.'A office. '
FOR tale— Tbe Central .Hotel in Nara. con-
taining 25 rooms; central location; price rea-
Bor.able. Address R. CUFF. Napa, Cal.
RARE chance; very valuable cor. cigar store
for *ale acoount leaving city. Box 2C:.l. Call, j
BSO—SNAP; hotel: good bar business. Room .
?IS, Hearst building. ]
j»TA— PA YlXtt saloon. WICIIMAN. LUTGEN
* CO. : 31S dor Ft.
$If CO — FOR PALE— A finely located restaurant;
will clear $2 ri 0 per month: owner has 2 places.
Inquire at iO>.S Howard st.
Al GROCERY and bar; no agents. Box 31S5,
Call crflce.
!4f.G-'-OOKNER crorery and bar: 4 living rooms;
account <>f sickness, ilil Howard; no agents.
BAKERY to lot; flxtur*-* complete; oven. In-
quire 492 Kluhlh st.. upstairs.
FRUIT and candy store; very reasonable; situ-
ated near four theaters. Uox 17.'4. Call.
COFFEE anJ tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento 5t.
CUPPIFIFD advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A.' BRANCH office for Call advertisements and |
Fubsrrirtlons has lieen established at 1036 Va- ]
lencla st. _^__^^_____________
LODGIXG-HOLSES FOR SALE.
HOTEL and bar; 36 rooms $1^00
31 rooms on Market St.; only SCO
25 rooms on Bush ft.; rent $53 !*50
12 rooms en McAllister s=t 400
16 rooms: fine corner; clears $150 1W0
16-room hruw on Turk Ft 750
10 rooms on Jottea Rt. : clears $Sj 350
10 rooms on Mason st ; paym»m? ibQ
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
H. C DECEERJ 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
26 ROOMS central, )>e?t In any cltr $1600
SI rooms; in.-orne $2:3: rent S10T $»00
*0 rooms: boarders: line lawn: residence.. $1000
14 rooms; extra good: worth |_00; full — $700
12 rooms. 2d full; rent $35: nr. Market.... $3M j
14 rooms; very fine and respectable $1325 j
Several cfi, 9 and 10 rooms; $273 up to $5(10 |
Money to loan; 163 other houses
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r. 1. nr. Call bldg.
50 ROOMS; paying coY. ; offices: cheap rent;
price tSOQ. WINSTON' & CO.. 1026 Market st.
to RCOM.S: first floor pays rent: fine corner;
price J3.VW*. WINSTON" & CO.. 1026 Market.
$lfys_nNELY furnished house of 7 rooms and
bath, including piano: polng to Englami eausfe
of sarrif.ee. Pacific Exchange, 1016 Market st.
J1SO0— K6 ROOMS: all rented: pood location: nenr
Market; central; rent lew. BASILE. 3 K«ldy.
CAIUUAUES AXD WAGOXS.
TWO top wagons for sale cheap. 404 Jackson
street,
AX A No. 1 express wacon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at 532 Mission st.
ALL kinds of —agons. buggrles. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. KAGAN A SON. 2117 Mission »t.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, oirts & bir-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITI : ALISSI.
MME. YOUNG, convincing test circle to-
nlKht CO."! McAllister St., 10c; come skeptics.
ATTKND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth: 2. 8 1
|i. m. 14 McAllister st.. rm. 3.",; a'lm'_"sion 10c. j
AT Friendship Hall. 3r. McAllister-Mrs. Mey-
rr: convincing test to-nlpht, 10c; slttlnps. {
RKTI-'RNED— C. M. STEERS, circle to-night, |
8 o'clock. 25c; reading. $1- 112'j Oak st.
GO to Watson, test medium; occult; lucky and
truest, lu&l Market st.. near Twelfth.
MRS. WEST — Trance, test medium and mag-
netic treatment. 1206 Market St., rooms 15-16.
EARLE. 230 Ellis Ft.; seances Sun. and Wed.;
readings dally; will leave the city June 15.
WYLLIE, trie Los Angeles photo medium. 830
Ellis et., 10 a. m. to 5 p. in.. Sundays included.
MRS. J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting. $1. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOVAXTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK, the .well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 205 Turk St.,
may b» consulted on all affairs of life; she
trill show you how to overcome your enemies;
remove famils" troubles; restore lost affec-
tions; unite the separated; satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall : send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 20S
Turk ft., near Jones.
MME.LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future: never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
tecret; phows picture future husband or wife;
lee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Eundavs. 1167 Market St.. bet. 7th and 8th.
MME. I'OKTEK. wonderful clairvoyant, card
reader: born with double vey & second sight: ]
diagnoses diseases with life readings: L...&IV; |
O.. U; palm & clairvoyant Elt.. $1 50. 12G Turk.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: 1-est advice. S23
Mission st., near 4th. rm. 3: 2ic up; ring bell.
MIPS CAMPBELL, card reader, patronized by
nobility; inc. ladles only. 618 Harrison st.
CARD reading, 25c; from 1 to 5. S4Q How-
ard st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. Me: card reader:
past, present, future: 2*.<\ US Sixth Et., r. 14.
MME. RENNER. planet reader, palmist: pat.
nntd. : ladies only; 2.">c and 50c. SIS'/fr Geary.
MMK. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh fit.." orlsrlnal gypsy
life reader; readings. 25c; no sign.
CARD reader and palmist removed from S53
MJrslon et. to 126 Sixth, room S.
IXltE, Ausust. clai— -oj-ant. card reader; palmis-
try, truth or no pay, 25c & i>0c. J149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant., card reader;
Fittings dally . 112% Sixth et,--.;
J!1IE. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
ndvlce: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYEILLE,— Cradle to grave; future hus-
liand'n picture: 25c: ladles. 314 O'FarrplI rt.
CARPET HEATIXG AM) CLEAMXC.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
rend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. SiJ-257 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeins Co.,
342-344 McAllister st.; phone South 144.
J. E MITCHELL Carpet Beatins and Reno-
vatlnc Co.. 240 14th tt. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet Beating Works. O. H.
PTEVEXS. mgr.. S8-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4T3 Stevenson St.. tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard; laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. i Eighth Bt.: tel. Jessla 844.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONK—IK'S Carpet Beating Woris. 333 Ooldea
Oate «ve. : telephone East 128.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less surces«fut. Room 310. 827 Market xt
COTTAGES TO LET.
FELL. 287— Cottage 3 rooms, basement; Urse
yard; rent $11. ¦
TO let— Cottage of fire rccma. 1307 Polk st.
$5— COTTAGE of two large rooms. Key 1825
lireadway. bregffea
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. • P. fieg soap creates a
smooth. clUcy ceat: for pale by all CrugylsU
or at the hospital. 610 Golden Gate are. '.
DR. BUZABD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dees boarded. Tel. West 631
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket Bt.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our ppectalty; gold crowns,
JS 60 up; plates, extractions .free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 14« Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made- over like- new; teeth
from IS per set; extracting. SOc; gas given.
GET our prices for painless— dentistry before
going elsewhere. New York Dental Parlor,
Sixth and Mission
• DR. GEORGE W.I LEE™, 20 O'Farrell st., on
vacation from June 13 until July 1.
VAN VHOOM— "Painless" ; and Sun-
| days. 1P01 Market St.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 2?5 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns, tS: filling*. 25c.
SKT of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
1?41 Polk ft. f
I DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWEI.L'S Is the pKce to learn dressmak-
] Ing and ladles' tailoring: e.ve. claw. 103 Post
j HUE. REMBERT. E30 S-utter St., dressmaking
j Fchool: any pnttern eiJt to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary St.; dn»s-*e»
made. $5 up; dresses made over: perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all klndi pleat-
Irs. plr.kfnpr. 121 Post, nver O'Cnnnor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL,.
THE Paetflc Coast Regular College of Medi-
cine, San Francisco, Howard street, between
Fourth and Fifth streets (Incorporated under
the laws of California), will open Its regular
I course June 15. All lectures will be delivered
In the evening.
! Dally clinica, free for the poor, will be held
j In the college building, Irom S a. m. to S:30
p. ul.
For particulars address THB DEAN OF
THB MEDICAL COLLEGE, at the building,
HS Howard st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post rt.. B. F.-
Practical courses In bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.: new 80-paee catalogue free.
ALL students but two taking full course this
ypar got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market Bt.
AYRKS", the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket ct. : life scholarship. $50; Includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day &eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln St.:
the coming school; thorough: up-to-date; all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve.; est. 1884.
VAN DKR NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mail: ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. <3, BARRETT, 302 Montgmy.
S. F. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session
begins June 11: catalogue upon application.
M. L. PANCOART. Secretary. RIO Golden Oate.
LAW schools. 927 Market. B. F.. and 905 Broad:
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
GALLAGHER-TARIt United School of Experts;
shorthand: bookkeeping. Parrott big.: cat'log.
PROF. MERKI. successful teacher or mandolin,
violin *nd rultar. IOCS Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School: modeling,
designing, carving: all branches, 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: div or eve.: J.'. mo. .1021 Mission, nr. Gth.
K3IPLOV3IKXT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kind help.
4:i Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. 806>4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best heip. 411H O'Farrell st. : tel. Ea«t 4*8.
E5IPLOY3IEXT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
Norwegian cook with good city references; a
neat Irish second girl, best of references;
competent woman with a child; Infant's
nurse, capable of taking entire charge, best
of references, city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
GOOD strong woman to cook for men;- mining
town or ranch; wages $25. MRS. NORTON,
313 Butter st.
SITUATION wanted by a German girl as cook
in an America*: family. Call at 423 Sixth St.
GIRL would like to 'do general housework;
Mission preferred. Please call at 1143 Florid!
Bt., near Twenty-fcurth. >?J«f
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman:
general housework; city or country. Call at
EOT Linden ave., oft Hayes, near Laguna.
SITUATION wanted by a girl to do houaawork
and plain cooking: fond of children: wa^es
$15 to $20. Call 307 Third st., near Folsom.
SITUATION wanted by Swedish girl as cook
or general housework; wages $23. Call at
30124 Twenty-sixth St.; no postals.
SWEDISH kIH, who Is a good American »nrl
Jewish cock, wishes a eituation for general
housework In small family; no children.
Please call 1455 Sa»amento st.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wishes housework In
grown family; few hours dally. Apply €21
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do cooking
or general housework; city or country: good
references. Apply 23 Decatur st., near Eighth,
off Bryant.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day wash-
ing and housecleanlng. Cll Turk st.
YOUNG woman wants general housework; city
or country. 651V4 Stevenson st.. near Post-
office building, bet. Jessie and Stevenson.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants situation;
private family; city or country. 1022 Larkln.
AMERICAN woman to wash, iron or house
cleaning; $1 and carfare. Box 2S35. Call office.
A GERMAN woman wants a place In restau-
rant, lunch hopse or boarding-house to work
over lunch hour. Call or address 264 First
f-t., upstairs.
WOMAN wants house cleaning and washing by
the day. Apply grocery store, Twenty-sec-
ond and Howard sts.
A WOMAN wants work by the day; washing,
house cleaning, etc. Call 732 Howard st.
LADY wants sewing and mending to do at
home, or would go as housekeeper, city or
country. CrM at 116 Sixth St. .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Pt., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to |8
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and bepgace to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmorn E t.
KMI'LOYMISNT. WANTED MALE.
MAN and wife for a ranch or private place;
wife good housekeeper. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter t>t. '
YOUNG man. J3, ' neat, sober, well educated,
wUhes position at anything. Address W. K...
f>S Sacramento Et.
FIRST-CLASS German gardener; eober and
industrious; understands the care of cows;
best of references. Please address Gardener,
box 2632. Call office.
RESPECTABLE ycung man desires position;
office preferred; refs. ; exp. Box 2623. Call.
Al ENGINEER and machinist desires situa-
tion; city or country. Box 2033, Call office.
STEADY young man, of 21, wishes a position
In cigar stand or store; references from pres-
ent position. Box 2631, Call office.
YOUNG German dsslres position; ''security If
required. Address Box 2630, Call office.
WANTED — Situation to go to Nome on grub-
stake or wages; man of mining^ experience.
Call or write M. C. S., 2000 Fillmore et.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, desires work
In private family; thorough experience: strict-
ly eober; use no tobacco; not afraid of work;
undeniable ref. Address R., 869 Mission st.
YOUNG man, graduate of State Normal School,
desires eituation in office or store. Box 2625,
Call office. - . ¦
A SOBER young man desires employment as
porter In store or hotel. Address New Zea-
land, box 2C2£, Call office.
YOUNG Danish, coachman and gardener wants
situation; sober and Industrious; can milk;
best references. Address P. LUND, SCO Sev-
enth St.. Oakland. *
INDUSTRIOUS, eober man wishes position In
wholesale house; city; b««t of references. Ad-
dress J. V1TR1NGA. 131S Seventh ave., East
' Oakland.
YOUNG married man wishes situation; private
place, small ranch or other capacity; knows
his business thoroughly; references. J. j,,
box 1758. Call office. . ¦-
COACHMAN, single, thorough experience/ and
man about place; BOberpnot afraid of. work;
many years with game employer; best refer-
ences. Address LOUIS, 369 Mission ' st.
GOOD coatmaker and bushelman; city or coun-
try: will work - cheap ¦ for : a steady ¦ Job.'
STEWART. 359H- First »t. ,
SITUATION wanted by man as gardener,
hostler or to do general work: around place.;
city or country; reference. Box 4400, Call. .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
BUTCHER and meatcutter wishes work In
shop; city or country. Address box 1766, can.
STRONG boy. 19. living with Pa** nt *t, w ( ? u , 1 , d
like to learn some good trade. Box 43S2. Call.
COACHMAN and general man by steady, re-
liable Englishman: best of references. Ad-
dress 1104 San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 i lllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been eFtabllslied at iu»ft
Valencia st. '
EXCHANGE.
RESIDE3fCEn3rope7tyTexciTar.ge for stationery,
confectionery bus. M«- Pacific ave.. Alamerta.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071% Market st.— Examinations free; Herman
eye water by mall, SOc. Phone Mint *i7.
EYES examined free; spectacles ProP" 1 /,^ m
Justed. N. Manasse. oculiat optician. 010 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
BOND redeniDtlon. — To whom It may enncern:
In accordance with law notice Is hereby plven
by the Slate of Utah, successor to the Terri-
tory of Utah, that on July t, 1900. it will,
-¦when properly audited by the State Auditor
and duly presented at the office of the State
Treasurer of the State of Utah, pay In full
principal and interest accrued to that date,
on the following described bonds: The entire
Issue of three hundred negotiable Coupon
Bonds of the Territory of Utah. Said bonds
are dated July first. 1S5C. and payable twenty
years from date or any time after the expira-
tion of ten years from their date at the op-
tion of the makers. Thr said bonds are num-
bered from one to three; hundred, both Inclu-
sive. The amount of money In the hands of
the undersigned State Treasurer available for
the purpose of paying the principal is three
hundred thousand dollars and sufficient to
pay the accrued interest to July second, 1900.
and any and all of said bonds not bo pre-
sented for payment on the second day of July.
1900. will cease to dra.v. interest from and
after that date, and such funds shall remain
In the State Treasury to discharge such bonds
whenever presented. •
All persons interested In said bonds will
take due notice hereof, and govern them-
£ selves accordingly.
(Signed) . JAMES CHIPMAN.
State Treasurer of the State of Utah.
PatPd Juno first. T>00.
FLATS TO LET.
1C0 FLATS, cottages, et-\ A. M. SPECK &
C.. 6C7 Market st.
2021 Pine; f.;6r $« 1411 Larkln; f.;4r....$13
SCS McAllister; f.; Cr. 25 2i29 Post: f.; 6 r 1«
793 Haight: c.f.-, 7 r. 25 30 Page; f.; 2 r 10
1131 Geary; f. ; 6 r.?32 SO 675 Geary: r. f. : 4 r.. 9
A— 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417% Third.
ALL bright nat«. 4 and 5 rooms, bath. 1043
and 1044 Sacramento St., below Mason.
ELLIS, 741B— Modern lower 7-room flat, and 42
Willow ave.. corner Polk, 5-room sunny cot-
tage; only $20 each. .
: FINE sunny flat. 3 large rooms; bath, all latest
Improvements. Key 713 Grove st. , '.
FLATS, 4 and 5 rooms; bath. Off Howard st.,
bet. 12th and 13th; key at 1626 Howard gt.
FLAT of 4 rooms; nice yard. 262 Ivy ave.; key
at 363 Grove st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW modern sunny flats: bath, yard, base-
ment; 6 and 7 rooms; reas. 1931. 1935 O'Farrell.
$16— SUNNY corner flat of 6 rooms and bath,
above quiet grocery. 110 San Jose ave.«
SUNNY upper flat: 8 rooms: bath: all sunny;
rent $25. Cor. Broadway and Larkln St.
$8— UPPER flat. 256 Harriet st.; $7, lower flat,
244H Harriet st., near Sixth and Harrison.
$14—5 ROOMS and bath. 1718 Leavenworth gt.
FLATS WANTED.
BY couple; no children; permanent small,
jsunny house or Hat; Western Addition; mod-
'ern and attractive. Pox 2654. Call office.
Fl'Il.MTlJiti: KOll 8ALEL
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 EO. with No.
7 rnnice. Kin* Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 M»rk-t.
i Fl'UMTUltE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. COD* (late with J. T. Terry A Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission:. tel. nod 3353.
HELP WASTED- FEMALE.
A. GERMAN cook, city, $30; hotel cook, Guern?
*Vville, $30; 2 German cooks, $25 each; first-class
Amerlcan'cook, $35; housework, Plumas Coun-
ty, $30, 2 In family, see lady here to-day; San
Mateo, $25; Point Reyes, $20, no cooking, good
place; Newman. J20: Bethel. $20: Sonoma, $20;
Alameda, *:5; Rio Vista, $15; Vacavllle, $20;
second girl, Dlxon, $15, small hotel, fare here;
40 houseglrls, city, $15 to $25; plain laundress,
Institution. $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A NURSE, countrs-. -Jl per day: one willing to
do housework. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSKN & CO Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 watresses, springs. $20; chambermaid, same
place. $20; 3 waltres?es. resort, near city. J20:
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz, to gq to-day, $20; 6
waitresses, commercial hotels/ $20; 2 restau-
rant waitresses, country, $25; 2 head wait-
resses, city, $23; 3 waitresses, city, $20; 4 res-
taurant waitresses. $7 week, for large new
place, see party here; 3 chambermaids, $17 50;
Z chambermaids, same place, $15; woman
cook, springs, ,$50; second cook, $25.
FAMILY ORDERS ;
2 Sv.eciish girls, country. $20: Swedish or Ger-
man girl. $25; rtfiich cook, $2J" nurse girl, $20
j (one child), references, and long list of
orders for house girls, city and country. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. '
SEAMSTRESS by the day to make ladles' un-
derwear and babies' clothes; $1 day and car-
fare: munt understand cutting; see lady here
2 p. m.. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— 4 cooks, country hotels and Insti-
tutions, $30 and $35; cook, private family, $30;
laundress, country resort, $25; 2 Protestant
second girls, $20 and $25: 10 waitresses, city
and country hotels and private boarding
houses, 520; kitchen girl, $20; 4 chambermaids,
assist waiting, city and country hotels, $20;
nursf) Infant, $25; cook, country restaurant,
$35; 2 llrst-class Ironers for hotel. $30; 2 Ger-
man or Scandinavian girls as cook and second <
Klrl, same house, $25 and $20. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT.- 316 Sutter Bt.
GIRL for housework. Belvedere, $30; house-
keeper. Oakland, $15; house girl, city, no
cooking. *12; girl, light work. $12; cook and
second Rlrl, same place. $30 and $25, American
people; nurse girl, $15; house girl, 2 In family
$20; 4 waitresses. $20. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st. '
APPRENTICES for hair work at G. LEDER-
ER'S, 123 Stockton st. "
GIRL for light housework wanted. 1044 Ellis
street.
WANTED— A German girl for general house-
work nnd assist care of child. 766A Harrison.
YOUNG girl to assist in family of 3. 60«<4 De-
vlsadero St.. near Fell.
WAIST hands and apprentice wanted at 1407
Lnjuna st. '
YOUNG '< girl for light work; small family;
wages $10. 423 Sixth at.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady to do general
housework and cooking on ranch. 707B Stock-
ton st. . . ¦£ .'
WANTED— Girl to cook and general house-
wo rk ; wages $20. Call 2233 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED Jewish woman for housekeep-
ing. Twentieth and Shotwell sts.." grocery.
GIRL or woman for light housework: good
- wages. Call after 2 p. m.. 2317 California st.
WANTED— Waitress," $15 per month and room,
at 515 Valencia st. '
WANTED— Good alteration hands 'on suits and
jackets at E. MESSAGER'S. 145 Post Bt.
WANTED— Girl having had some experience at
wrapping counter/ MARKS BROS.. 1212 Mar-
kct st. ¦ ¦ - . ¦ .
WANTED — Respectable . German or Swede wo-
man for housekeeping;. wages $10. Call 620*4
Minna St.. 5 p. m.
WANTED— Girl for light housework; no wash-
ing; no cooking; wages $10. 2S0S 24th St.
OPERATORS nnd finishers on gents' white
shirts. D35 Valen/ia st. "
GOOD cook and general housework; wages $20,
two in family. 1274 Ellis st. -
WANTED— A woman cook ; and waitress. 836 ?'
Valencia st. •:
RELIABLE girl for general housework: wages
$20. 1515 Devlsadero st-, near Geary; bnkerj'.
APPRENTICES' and finishers on coats.. 117
' Russ,st.-i*;i
PROTESTANT girl to do general housework in '.
small family. 1714 Mason St., top flat. :
EXPERIENCED young lady for candy counter. .:
SCHAFER'S. 22 Sixth st.
LADY piano player for country, near city; an- •
I swer immediately. -Box 1764, Call office. 1
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 80S How-
ard st., bet. 4th and 5th. over handball court. ,
GIRL for candy store. 1023 , Market st. \
WANTED— Girl; .general- housework: assist '
:wlth cooking; references. 2013 Fine st./" near .
Laguna. . '-¦ . ¦,'" . " j
FIRST-CLASS starch work . Ironers ; ¦¦ also girls .
, .to : learn Ironing; < good wages.. Apply La "
Grande Laundry, 228 Twelfth et. -
HELP WAXTED—FEMALK.
,_^^^~ — ~~ ~- »r "~ ¦ T ]
YOUNG German girl to help In light house-
work and mind baby; wages $8 to $10. 83
"William et.rbet. Geary and O'Farrell. :
OPERATORS, button-hole makers, finishers &
appre n t Ices; wages learning. BC9 Kearny, r. 2.
GIRL. German-speaking, for housework. 1053
Market at-, upstairs; call after 9 a. m.
t ~~~~~
WANTED— Experienced canners to work on
fruit; apply at once: steady work; good
wages. California Canneries Co.. Ltd., Bran-
nan at., bet. Third and Fourth.
WANTED — 200 women and girls to .work on
fruit. Apply Immediately U. S. FRUIT
PACKING CO.. Harrison ave., bstween Sev-
enth and Eighth -sts., off Folsom.
GIP.Ij to take care of 2 children. U58 Page st.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted; steady
work. £54 Folsom st.
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'s overalls.
Apply at once to MU. DAVIS. 32% Fremont.
WANTED— First-class all-around eeneral laun-
dry Ironer (woman preferred) at Stanford
.French Laundry, Palo Alto; good wages and
home. '
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gouxh
and Grove gts.
WANTED— Woman of upright principles and
acute business ability. Box 2653. Call office.
GIRLS wanted. Bookbindery, B38 Clay street.
WANTED— Finisher en custom, coats; steady
work. 651 Folsom st., cor Hawthorne.
GIRL wanted to assist In light housework.
3484 Twenty-second st.
TAILORESS. good pants finisher: best wages
paid. SVi Kearny St., room 16. ton floor.
WANTED— Dressmaker. JOB ROSENBERG.
11 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom Ft., bet. 13th and 14th sts.
WANTED — A good lively solicitor; big money.
13* Ellis tt.
FIRST-CLAS8 veft maker. S4 Antonio st.
het. Ellis and O'Farrell at. off Jones.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt.
HELP WANTED MALR
GARDENER, country, $25; a man to work on
a ranch. Ben Lomond, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter »t.
MAN and wife, ranch, $40; good place, MIS3
CULLEX, 325 Sutter St.
COOK and helper, mining town, $65; fare here;
good place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary Bt.
Wanted, for the Southern Pacific R. R. Co.
Free fare Free fare
Office fee $1
For Santa Barbara Co
100 laborers $2 a day
For track gang, ballasting and rock quarry,
FOR LOS ANGELES CO
60 men for track gang $2 a day and up
Splkers, strappers, iron car men and laborers.
For Salt Lake Division
50 laborers $1 75 a day
.../. .FOR OTHER DIVISIONS
100 laborers $175 a day
For section work, reconstruction & new work.
Board $4 50 a week
Free fare Fee Jl Free fare
Wanted for Coast Road..., l.free fare
100 teamsters $2 a day
100 laborers $2 a day
Office fee $1 free fare
- 100 teamsters, rockmen and laborers, to build
a dam In Bulte Co., $2 a day, board $4 50 a
week
20 woodsmen, $35 to $43; 3 jackscrewersv $40;
3 barkers. $33; 3 spool tenders, $45; 30 laborers
for the woods, $30
10 miners. $2 50 a day: ranch blacksmith, $45;
day; 10 farmers, $26; 6 milkers, 325 and $30;
vegetable gardener, $30
wheelwright, $3 a day; ranch blacksmith, $45;
blacksmith, country, $40: blacksmith helper,
country, $30; ranch harnessmaker, $30; coop-
erc, slack work
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Managing hotel cleik (single man) for small
country hotel, $40 and found; meat and pas-
try cook, country hotel. $50; second cook. $45:
third cook, $35, same country hotel: third
cook, springs, $30: 2 second bakers, country,
$40 an.l $:i0; 10 second and third cooks. JfiO. $50,
$40, $?.o and $30: G waiters, country hotel, $30
and $1:5: 2 neat bellboys. $15
Crew. for hand laundry, country hotel — Head
laundryman. $35: washer $30. and hanger-up.
$20; launilryman and wife for resort: Ironer
Tyler machine, $15 a week: 6 ironers, country,
$30. C. H. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A SHAMPOOER for Turkish bath: country;
$40. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
A CAMP waiter; R. R. camp; $30 and free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. .104 Geary st.
SHREP herder. $25 and fare paid; stableman
for ranch. $30: cheesemaker. $35: 5 milkers.
$30 and $35: farmers. $25 and $30 and $1 25 day;
choreboy, $15 and found: boy to learn carpen-
ters' trade, $3 week and. Increase; 7 bi'sck-
pmlths, $2 50 to $4 day: 3 wheelwrights, «2 50
to $3 day: 3 blacksmiths' helpers; washer
and starcher for laundry, $35 and board; 2
milk wagon drivers, $50 and $25 and board;
teamsters, $1 clay and $30 and board; muchii-
1st for country, (2 day; boys for factory an.l
learn carpenters' trade: 75 laborers and
woodsmen. $30, $33 and $2 day: 10 laborers for
wagon road. $1 day and board: woodchoppor*.
miners, muckers, carmen and many- others.
J. F. CROSETT AGEXCY, 62S Sacramento ct.
COOK and wife, resort. $75: cook, miners'
licardlng-house, $30; 5 boardincr-house cook:'.
$30, 135 and $40; hotel cook, $45: restaurant
cooks, $9, $12 and $15 week; broiler, $(K); sec-
ond baker. $9 week; third baker, $25 and
found: restaurant and hotel waiters for city
w and country; pptwashers, dishwashers, veer.
table men and others. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED :
For large ranch, blacksmith. $50 and board:
helper, same pjace. $30 and board: blacksmith
helper for vineyard. $30 and board; black-
smith, .ranch, $40 and board; blacksmith,
country 6hop. $50 and board; carpenter and
run small sawmill, steady Job, for mine, $2 50
a day; 10 laborers around mine, $1 75 a clay,
part fare paid; dairyman for private dairy.
$25 to $30 nnd found; 6 lumber pilers, $30 to
$50 and board; 10 laborers for brick yard. $30
and board and fare paid; 4 laborers for rock
crusher, $25 and found. W. D. EWER &
CO., 610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1S2.
A YOUNG man for a clothing store In the
country; must have a little experience In
window dressing: 2 hours' ride from city.
• Inquire at 48 Steuart st. =¦ -
PHOTOGRAPHY — Printers and ' finishers
wantod; permanent for good men. VAN
DYKE. 1303 Polk St.
WANTED— Strong * boy for light delivery
wagon; give age, "references and wages ex-
pected. Address box 1762, Call office.
TINSMITH; also a young man who has a de-
sire to- learn trade or has had experience.
Apply 7 to 10, 533 Mission st.
BOY with some experience to set type. Apply
after 1 o'clock nt 34 California st.
WANTED— Boy for printing office: give age
and reference. Address box 1762, Call office.
WANTED— Boy to learn bakers' trade. 2757
Twenty-fourth Bt.-
APPRENTICE boy wanted to learn tailoring;
wages. , 200*-i Turk st., near Jones.
STRONG boy as helper In blacksmith shop.
916 Harrison Bt.
WANTED — First-class bushelman. The Hub,
132 Kearny st.
WANTED— Errand boy about 16 years old. 543
- California St.. near Kearny.
WANTED— Good barber: steady job. Apply
,725 Fourth st., ' San, Rafael; telephone red- 15.
WANTED— Retail salesman familiar with gro-
cery business. Address box 1762, Call office. ¦
WANTED— Salesman acquainted with retail
crockery business. Box 1762, Call office.
WANTED— A ¦ good salesman at E. MES-
SAGER'S cloak store, 145 Post st.
WANTED— Boy to make himself useful about
saloon. Call. at 72S Fourth st. •-. .
WANTED— Cooper that understands trimmine
' Apply 24 Commercial St.
BUSHELMAN; and presser at the California
Clothing Renovatory, 116 Geary st. "¦ a
2 HOOD carpenters at 2923 Jackson st. Call at
BOY wanted for tailor; steady Job. 36 Own-
St., room 44. " "«rj
D 4 S and V 'e S Ea^?st Nanted at th * Magnolia CafeT
BOY^- with .experience forWakery; $20 a month
and found.. 3025 Sacramento gt. u
s , wAhteffg DCb walter; no Sunday ™ r - : "
WANTED-Experienced bedmaker. ¦ 95 Steuart
HELP WAITED—. MALE. *
; MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5S1S
; Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
— :• •• WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
4?r F 1 * 11 tor a11 parts oi California, Utah.
Washington, Arizona and Hawaiian Islands,
Oregon, Nevada and British Columbia
Free fare and office fee Only *l
and no other expenses to Los Angeles and
banta Barbara districts; we ship you to-day.
8 a. m. and 5:30 p. m., for S. P. R. R. ; la-
borers, teamsters... $2 and $2 23 a day
MURRAY & READY. 634-6:',6 Clay St.
A ~ LOOK... HERE ANY. ...HANDY... MEN
Can fill this job; 25 laborers, handy with tools,
to build flume, 130 to $10 and found; no tools
needed; company supplies tools.
••'•••••• SPECIAL
10 laborers, no experience required, for the
sawmills and r.-oods. $W and found; fare paid.
_ M .H5 RAY & RKAUY . 631-636 Clay st.
A— FREE FARE CALL EARLY
To Salt Lake City. Utah division Fret
Wadsworth. Nevada division Free
Sacramento. California division Free
Western, Fresno, Madera. Bakersfleld di-
vision .i. Free
Truckee division of California Free
All coast divisions of California Five
Laborers, teamster*, etc.; regular wages paid
Office fee $1 Free fare
MURRAY & READY, 634-63U Clay st.
A— FOR A BANK SYNDICATE.. YOU'LL SUIT
25 men or strong boys to work In a large or-
chard and vineyard ami farm, to pick fruits,
work in packing and drying houses, help to
dig small trenches' so water can run down be-
tween vines, etc.; wages $26 per month and
founJ; a steady job year round If you are
willing t.j do the work; general manager will
teach you
ALSO
Harness-makers, shoemakers; boys to peddle
fruit*. {15 to $30 and found; 4 boys to work
In a lactory. t3 to }j a week.
MURRAY & READY, 631-636 Clay st.
A-FREE FARE ...NEW RAILROAD
Teamsters $2 day
Rockmen $2 day
Laborers *2 day
20 rock drillers $2 day.
Free Fare Office Fee $1 only
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE
to 35 Sawmills, etc '
No Experience Wanted
663 men for GO different jobs, from laborers to
run machines; wages from $26 to $40 per
month and found
Also lumber pilers, bark peelers, $10 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers. band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen. In
fact, we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $S0, $73, $W. 5120. $60,
$50. $10. $30 and found: 5S4 woodchoppers. tie- ;
makfis. tools and food found: some at mines,
$3. $2 50, J2. SI 5i>. $1 and 73c cord; shingle
joiner,- shingle packer: 2j laborers for a saw-
mlU. fare paid. $40 and found
..HAYMAKING AXD HARVEST CREWS..
Header wagon drivers. $2 a day and found;
2S2 men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work
Jn fields, header men. etc.. $1 25, $1 CO, $2 day
and found. COME AND SEE
....STABLES, VINEYARDS, ORCHARDS....
....:: GARDENS
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $40, $35,
$30, $?5 and found
129 vineyard and orchard hands. »C5. *30. $20
and found; 5 gardeners, 1 stableman, all for
private families, $30, $25, $20 and found. COME
SEE
DAIRIES. CHEESE FACTORIES
39* milkers for different places. $35. $30 and
found; 5 butter-makers and run separators,
boss here, $35 and found: a cheesemakers,
different jobs, $35 and $40 and found
MURRAY & READY. K4-636 Clay gt.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
19 blacksmiths and horseshoers, XI SO day. $C0
$70. $45. $35 and found; also 5 helpers, $12 a
week. $35 and found; 5 woodworkers, carriage-
makers. $3. $2 50 day, $40" and found, $&0 and
found; 2 boiler-makers. $3 60 day: carriage and
wagon painter, $40 and found; cooper to make
butter kegs ,
,...S. P. R. R... DIFFERENT DIVISIONS....
Free Fare Otflce Fee $1
Section and reconstruction and new work la-
borers. You'll suit. Regular wages
EO laborers, S. P. R. R J2 day. free fare
SPECIAL NOTICE... MINES... BIG WAGES
35 laborers for mines, ro experience required, j
you'll suit. $40 to $48 per month and found; 23 I
miners, single hand $30 and $75
cnowns going to gold mines \
FOR A NEW MINE
12 laborers, no experfence, fare $2 60, $34 and
found; 6 men and wives for ranches, $10, $C5,
$30 and found :
READ THESE CAREFULLY
365 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco. $3.
$2 50, $2, $1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
home
FREE FARE TO NEVADA STATE
50 laborers, no experience required; good
wares: office fee $1
For other positiefns come down and read
bill boards.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
A— COOKS BAKERS WAITERS
Head waUer, $50. fare paid: 8 butchers. $35 to
$50; 8 bakers, city and country shops, $40 and
$50; 35 cooks, restaurants, hotels and board-
ing-houses, ranches, etc., $35 to $60 and found;
waiters, city and country hotels and resorts..
$25. $30 and $35 and found
Washers, country laundry $30 and found
Barber to run country shop
Porters, elevator boys, etc.; 4 bakers* help-
ers $30. $35. $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— COOPER. $3 day: woodworker. $2 50 day: « '
laborers for mine company, fare 50c, JSO and
found; 12 single hand miners, fare $2 50. $G0
and found
Coal miners hard rock miners drill-,
ers rockmen hammersmen. $2 25 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A-$3 50 DAY HAY BALERS $3 50 DAY
Tailors (see boss here)
3 coatmakers. country -
3 pantsmakeir. country
MARRIED HELP
Cook and wife, small hotel, mining town
$50 and found
First, second bakers, country shops. $C0. $„
and found
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay St.
! ASSISTANT bookkeeper and stenographer.
! Remington machine $30 and found
I Tallyman $*0 and found
Stableman- $25 and found
All the abqye jobs see boss here for a lumber
company.
MURRAY & READY.- 604-636 Clay st.
A— DRY goods clerk, country store, see boss
here. $30 and found: salesman who can up-
holster. $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
BOY". 15 to 17 years, for errands and help in
liquor store: French boy preferred. E. L.
CHRISTIAN. S37 Hayes st.
WANTED — Office hand; Ftate reference, expert-,
ence and salary expected. Add. box 1767, Call.
WANTED— Men and boys as helpers In foun-
dry. C42 Townsend Ft.
YOUNG. man. knowledge of cutting, to work on
ladies' wrappers. STEUER. 103 Battery st.
WANTED— A porter at 17 Powell st.
WAXTED-Good barber: steady job! SAM
WITT. 2013 Santa Clara ave., Alameda.
GOOD barber wanted at 825 Valencia st. ; steady
work.
$135 — BARGAIN; 4-chair barber shop: paying
well; sickness cause sale. 1542 Market st.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; good wages for
steady man. 2140 Fillmore st.
GOOD dishwasher for restaurant; a good place
1307 Market st.. near Eleventh:
DISHWASHER wanted at 1522 Kentucky st.;
call early. '.' '• '
YOUNG barber wanted from 1 to 2 years' ex-
perfence. 504 Montgomery ave.
WANT. vegetable man. 119 Stockton st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 25c to
50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
: GOOD chief cook wanted. " Apply box 2527. Call.
FIRST-CLASS starch work ironers at Oak-
land Laundry Co., 690 Twenty-ninth st., Oak-
land.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
3-CHAIR barber shop for tale cheap. Inaulre
BEXNARD. 104 Seventh Bt. squire
zzz
WANTKn- Fir?t-class machinist* I'^ION
I; GAS KNCINE CO.. 244 First si., city.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires tlx to eight weeks; day and evenlne
ss aaasi ¦ ___^fa_r_
» n « »«aanlc to know
mat t.d Rclkln. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st • 150 l"-«
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week!
WANTED— Two and 4 horse teamttern- anntv
cZlLX 0 *^^ 527 Fou "^mh te ™t.". "ear
Guerrero. S. F. Construction Company.
WANTED— Mattress maker. Apply J DOR \N
Sey Cal" Uy a " d Shattuc * "e_; E_*
v '^:? :x E D -Ta!lor on.coaU; steady work; also
pressman. 13$& Natoma. nr. New Montgomery.
3 ,*~ h »«-a»l>er» and whlteners;
Ion et ?r machine on shares. 1409 Jack-
Y ?rVrti G «, m < a . n '^-""n traa ®: worked at leather
ll %,? ref tf r , ed ' Trunk factory. Seventeenth
Bt.. 'near Folsom.
E pARTT?fT^ f0 , r «? rlntlne department. JOHN
PARTRIDGE, 206 California Bt.
HELP WAXT.ED MALE.
WANTED— RecrulU for the United Statei
Marine Corps, U. S. rrivy; able-bo«!led. un-
married men. of pood c>iaracter. between tha
ages*, of n and 35 years: not less, than » feet
4 Inches and not over 6 faet 1 inch in height;
most be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have Ie?rally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, writa
and speak English properly. For further la-
formation apply at tbe Marine Recrulticr
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cat cr
S30 K »t.'. Sacramento. Cal.
EOY havinc a horse to deliver mornlisg paper-
one residing In the "Mission or Potrero pre-
ferred. HO Ashbury at.
WANTEL— ¦ Man to be iC3Cera!ly use-ful around
kit-then. Hotel Repelier. 7^1 Sutt?r st.
ilKN to iearn barbertng and huirdrrssing at 3.
F. Erjrber School. 7-llA Ho war 1 s.t.
' WANTED— A good lively sclic:tor; big moaey.
13C Ellla st.
I GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. U p» r week, at
j ,C3?h prices. X. Y. Tallorin=r Co.. 115 Kearny.
I SAILORS, ordinary senm,?n an! gr^en har.ds;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2S Steuart.
I'ENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: IS
years' practice: Examiner bids.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third «.. near Mar-
ket; 7C0 rooms. 25c night: reading room: fie«
'bus anri bairKnue to and from ¦Jie ferrv.
LIN DELL House, corner Sixth aai Howard—
Rooms 15c to Kc per ni^ht: 7ic to S2 p*»r week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisenxents and
rubscrtptloos ha« been established at 1034 Va~
* lencla at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. "Iflo Flllmorf.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc For So.lt,
40 HORSES for sale; also wagrona^ huggieV,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth St.; auction sale* every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale — Team miles. 15 hands. 4 and S
years. Corner Eighth and Harrison. Oakland.
HORSES — Young, well hmken, for all purposes.
cheap: best :n city. 721 Howard gt.. nr. Third.
FOR rale — 8 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. «C5 Golden Gats are.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list;" houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FELL. 2S1 — 9 rooms, bath, yard; rent $50.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents! Ths Weekly Call.
16 page?. In wrapper, for rnaiUn;*. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
BELVEDERE — Furnished house. Apply room
83. Chronicle bids.
CALIFORNIA. 1711. nsar Van Ness ave.— „-
room house, completely furnished.
CITY, 14 r., complete; Broadway. Oakland 13
r.. near Lake Merritt. THE MCCARTHY CO..
616 Market tt.. San Francisco.
HANDSOMELY furnished cottaee: rent for
summer montln very reasonable. 2S32 Bush t.
LOST AAD FOUXD.
LOST— In San Francisco, or on ferry-boat *T5a-
cinal." on Sunday. June It), a black onyx pin.
encircled with golden band and caving & sin-
gle diamond In center. Finder Is requested to
return same to Pacific Coast Oil Co.. room 22.
ninth floor. Mills bids., San Francisco, and
receive suitable re-ward.
LOST— Sunday, between Broad— ay and HySa
.sts., on Unlon-st. car?, a purse. Parties may
keep money if they will return rings to 1213
Stockton ax... top floor.
STOLEN — From Merchants* Exchange on Sat-
urday last, light brown horse and bugjy.
! Return to JAS. BOYES & CO., 101 Clay st.
LOST — White canvas-covered mprrioranclum-
book. Return to TilOS. McCLOSKY. Fulton
st. and Masonic ave.: reward.
LOST— A pocket ledger. Please return to 10*
Clay st.; suitable reward.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any adrtresa in tha
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DrT"kOHL. onTy~reiiabie ladTe? special"
1st of long, and successful practice — Guaran-
teed treatment at office. J3; home in confine-
ment: best care; consultation freo and con-
fidential. 448 Eddy St.. b«?t. Leaven— orth,
and Hdye; hours 9 to 5. Sundays 1) to 4.
DR. O. W. CDONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
bome: consultation free. Wrlta or call at
1023H Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN*, well-known ladies' specialist,
has returned from Europe; safe and reliable:
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years' practice in S. F. : maternity
j home; low fees. 1007*^ Market st.. near Sth.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 23 yrs.
practice: home in confinement; treatment at
office. JS: any ailment; consultation free: con-
fidential. W2 Post st., bet. Hyile and Larkln.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1_S Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; lata
scientific methods: treatment, $3.
Dr. James Pierce. 2S5 O'Farrell. rooms 2 and J—
Female specialist; home or office treatment S3.
Y. S.— DR. WISE & CO., the ladies* specialists.
1118 Market St.; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reasona-
ble. 2012 Folsom St. MRS. DR. PFEI7FER.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason »t.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The- Weekly
Call. IS pases, sent to any address In th*
United States cr Canada one> year tor tU
postage raid.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. M-hand machinery. Mo.
IKTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures: new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on band;
S2 comDlete outfits en our floor, ready made:
we can *hip everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
N*AN. 1017. 1013. 1021. 1023 Mission st.. abov«
Sixth: write for catalogue. • . ¦ ¦
THE . UNIVERSAL
TRISMATIC
SKYLIGHT
REFLECTORS.
A new and excellent device for throwing day-
liRht into dark rooms through windows; th»
best in the market. W. HOLT, sole atrent.
room 8. Floc<l building: telephone Davis 711.
BEAUTIFUL pair ct Shetland poni»s: a:3O
single driver; harness and cart. 1074 Kast
Twenty-flrs< St., Oakland^
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear macninery. en-
gine?, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
WAGOX for sale— Suitable for milkman or
butcher. Apply 13X3 BroUerick St., paint shop,
off Geary. , . ¦ '.'¦
EDISON cancert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 50. BACIUALLPL.
931 Market st.. San Francisco.
A-J3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 130 Kearr.y st.. near Pine.
NEW 20-llKht T. and II. arc lisht dynamo with
regulator, complete. WHITE. 51a Mission st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers: lathes; 2d-hand. J. Curke. 1J3 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof rafe; c nea^;__ 4I _ Maln gtj
A FIXE suit. $10: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHIXG PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FULL lin? cameras and photo sunp'les: selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bids.
"WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $2 59.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFTCK. 25 Stockton st.
MAfiTO lanterns new and second-hand; movins
pictures. DULLAKD & BRECK. 131 Post «8.
A XEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Tjpewriter Exchange. 4Q-J California.
A 10-TOV Fairbanks scale and firs and burx-
jgjroofj_fe. 216 California s t.
raff's— Vew anrt second hand. THE HER.
°MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
Q . tttt<j >lew and second hand: all sires. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market Ft.. San Fran.
OXE 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
»lF compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
rTTF \PKST and best In America— The Weekly
rail IS paces, sect to any address In th»
United States cr Canada one year for |1.
postage paid.
J1ISCEU.AXEOIS WAXTS.
SECOND-HAND, large size billiard or pool
T table. Address box 17^. Call office.
j"0 ALLOWED on old sewing machines for
new. Address bos 319S. Call office.
W\XTED— Second-hand upright piano foa
cash: H. L. V.'HITEHEAD. 710 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAX.
HEIRS to unsettled estates in probate can re-
ceive cash at once: also first or second mort-
gage loans on real estate, furniture and
pianos: no removal; prompt dealing; n.»
charge unless loan is granted. EQUITABI—l
LOAN CO.. room 603. Examiner building.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In. pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. It. McCOLQAN. : t Montgomery, r. X,HOTEL.
C Martin. X Y
C S Mltcalf & w. Sac
G W Towles. Towles
F H Goldsmith. N T
A B Doremus, Cal
F C Horpmus, Cal
MIm K Wolfskin, L A
J It Hryson, Stockton
T Wolfskin. Los Ang
F Nolxlgfr. Lios An^
F Cox, Sacramento
Miss Cox, Sacramento
A II Connlck. Eureka
\V F George, Sacto
H 1-evItt A b, G Valley
H H Younx. Sacto --'
J P'.ne & w. Seattle
K C Hart. Sacto
W M I^owell. Paeto
C- A Ix)rrlaon, N II
W Ij Drake, Conn
WE Pmythe. N Y
J r. Chase. S Jose
It Du Pont Syle.Berkly
D Flint, Racto. * '
a M Colton. Elk Grov«
J E Colton. Martinez
J B McOinnis. U S N
S M Strlte. U S N
R Metz, Boston
C II Roberts, N Y
A Haffrunfr. I^ondon
W P Jcnney, S Lake
Mrs W P Jenney, Utah
J HMcClintock, Ariz..
H Jansen, Ohio
E C Howe. Los Ans
Mrs J K Kldder. Cal
Miss Kidder, Gr Valley
N Bennett, Taeoma
J ti Smith, Taeoma
.1 Raclsralupi. -Lop Anjf
T U Mlnturn. Minturn
F S Grass, Berkeley
Mrs Davis, N T
O \Velson, N Y
O f? Robinson. Cal
B V Miller. Cal
P J Hart, Manila
S R Bomanjl. Bombay
5RN HOTEL.
jW R Winn, Phoenix
IP J Raajr, boy, Cal
I Mrs A R Southerland
I and children, Cal
R B Baker, Merced
P J Murtha, Fresno
Mrs Murtha, Fresno
McP Harrison, Chico !
Mrs Harrison, Chlco j
HOTEL ABKIVALS.
NEW WEST
R Turner, Chicago '
Mrs Turner, Chicago
F Gay, San Joae
R Sterris, Spokane
J Peckman. Fresno
O H Hamilton, Sacto
R Glvin. Kansas City
Mrs Givin. Kan City
R W Gates, Chicago
R R Bliss, Phoenix
PALACE
J S Hrady. Omaha
E S Chapman. Pueblo
S M Nave, Mo
H B Wood. S Jose
Mrs H B Wood, t* Jose
A Jj Stetson, Iowa
Miss E H Stetson, la
A F Jones, Oroville
I) S Cone, Red Bluff
Mrs I) 8 Cone. R Muff
J EjWebb, Melbourne
H L'Mlddleton. Bouldr
II F Olthren. S Jose
E L Orondahl.- Wash
F W Burnett. Lea Ang
G II Cook, Arizona
Mrs . O . H Cook. Ariz
A Lambeth. Arizona
E Welte. N Y
T I> Peck, N T ,
E Chambers, L Ang j
F Reid. Norfolk
Mrs-F Reid. Norfolk
GRAND
J Billion, St Johns
W S Green. Colu?a
Mrs O-W nilos, Cal
J T Ellison, H Bluff
J Tlllens & w. Ke«1dlnB
K M Freeman. Oakld
D Levy, Williams
P O'Rourke. Pleasantn
T Dlavlla. Pleasanton
J R Ritzlnger. St Paul
I Hochhelnier. St Paul
C P Vlcinl. Jackson
PrEC Dunn & w. Cal
W D Harper. Alaska
Mrs M E Vockey. Vic
R E Morrow. BakProM
B F Shepherd Jr. Cal
C Teatue, Fresno
GH CcKik & w. Ariz
J E Dlxon. Seattle
A Plpreon. Boston
A C Warner. Kan Clt>
r»r C Rowell, Fresno
W.E Hampton &w, Cal
Helen Doherty. Colo
J M Roberts, PotterVnl
O W Crouch. Chicago
Wllhelra II. from New York, for Genoa, and
proceed*!. -•
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived June 11 — Stmr
Kaiser WUhelm der Grosse, for New York, via
Cherbourg, from Bremen, and proceeded.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived June 11— Stmr Penn
sylvania, from Cherbourg, for New York, and
proceeded. •
AUCKLAND— Sailed June 11— Stmr Moana,
from Sydney, for San Francisco, via Honolulu.
v ¦¦.-,¦ -.¦•:¦ • . ¦ - ¦¦¦:¦¦* ¦..-;.
THE SAl* FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 1900.
. . . OCEAN STEAMERS.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived June 11— Stmr Kaiser |
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
HOTKI
11
ROO9IS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfurn.
VAN NESS ave.. 401B— Sunny corner upper fiat;
nicely furnished rooms; modern and central.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch otflce. ?200 Flllmore »t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencla tt. ¦ ; ¦-.
ROOMS A.VD BOARD.
CALIFORNIA. SOT — An excellent opportunity to
eecure particularly desirable accom. at mod-
est rates; special rates families; sunny rms,
en suite or single: best table in San Francisco.
MARKET. 1041A (Hotel Robinson)— Furn. rms..
with first-class board: double, JIO wk. ; single.
f25 mo.; modern; elevator; table board, $4 wk. ;
meals, 25c. MRS. M. C. ROBINSON, Prop.
THE BIlAnmjRY. 1S04 California— New modern
family hotel: excellent table: 100 beautifully
furnished rooms; moderate; rhone Hyde 277L
TWENTY-SIXTH, 237^ nr! Mission-Nicely
furnished sunny rooms, with or without
board, at very reasonable prices.
ST'NNY front room; all conveniences; board;
$20. 1016 Kills ft.
LAS PALM AS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of i or 3
rms.: private: bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
SIMSCIAI, XOTICKS.
LADIES— Chicheeter's English Pennroyal Pills
are the best; E&fe, reliable; take no other:
Mend 4c Etamps (or particulars. "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return in. ill; at drug-
gists. Chic-hester Chemical Co.. fr'hiladel.. Pa.
$6C0 JUDGMENT for sale to highest bidder;
two men were adjudged guilty of obtaining
by fraud $600 from a poor old woman: one
of the mm In now occupying a lucrative
position a8 Bub-l.i?pector In the Custom-
house. For full particulars apply to A. J.
MOKP.ELL. attorney in fact for the woman,
3T<> Oeary ft., room 1.
NOTICE— Abandoned children in the Roman
Cathrlir Orphan Asylum ylnce January, 1S99:
F.lizabeth Ault, aped 10 years; Margaret Ault.
8 years; Hazel Wilkie. 10 years; Lyrlla: Wil-
kie. S yearn; Ruth Wilkie. 7 years; Irene
ValdfZ, f< ypars: l^oretto Duran, 7 years; Mad-
eline Ouran, € years: Ray Croall. $ years;
Otllla Bank, 6 years; Gertrude McClellan,
S years.
BAP tenants ejected for tl; collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; t_L 5580.
SEWIXG MACHIXES AND SUITLIKS.
ALL kinds boueht. 5ol<l ami repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. I'lambeck. 1D15 Mission, nr. luth.
RENTED, repaired, bought. ?oid: machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. 143 Sth; ph&ne Mlr.t 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, 'rented;
repairing nt lowe«t rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AM) WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South T62.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission Bt.,
tel. Main 1840— Packing, moving- and storage.
PIEUCE-ROOOLPH Storage and~Movlni Cn!
Office 401 Post si., cor. Powell: tel. Main 571X.
PACIFIC 5-torape and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2310 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 2M.
T\ I'KW RITERS A.\U SUPPLIES.
GRKAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS— "We
sell better machines for less money than any
house Ir. the city; rental?. 13. The Typewriter
Exchange. 535 California, telephone Main 266.
! ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
!_
j ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure; bargains: one-fifth cash; bal-
I a nee In 1, 2, 3 or 4 years. Alameda Savings
Hank. y
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
I1ERKELEY REAL INSTATE.
|3SP<>— "(O close estate; corner lot 115x130; In
Berkeley; near Ashby station and 1 block
from street-car line; with improvements;
house S rooms and bath: large barn, wind-
mill and tank. Address EDWARD HOEGE-
MANX, 100 Montgomery gt.. San Francisco.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE RI3AL ESTATE.
t ¦ _- ¦_•-¦! _* ¦ ¦ -_ _ ¦ -_•_ _;.-_'.. : _:
HOUSEsTn beautiful Fruitvale— Send for full
printed list of houses, lots, chicken ranches
and email fruit farms. Address J. AV. EL-
ROD. Frultvale station. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
( : ; .
OAKLASD REAfc ESTATE.
I ji<o— CASH, monthly paymente as low rent till
paid for— Modern new cottage of 4 rooms,
bath, pantry, closet*, high basement, brick
foundation: all fenced; fine well of water; all
first-class; 2 fine lots, one a corner; price, all
told, $DS5; city water If desired; street mac-
adamlzeil; nice homes all around; near 3 lines
of electric roads and fine schoolhouse and wide
avenue; no fo_ or cold winds here; Allendale
Tract, adjoining East Oakland. Call or send
for circular 455 Seventh et., near cor. Broad-
way, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner.
$350 WILL buy a nice little sunny corner lot 3&x
70 feet In else, within one block of the local
broad-pauge train, with ptreet macadamized
and sewered, and suitable for residence or for
i a store: this property must ko, and cannot be
1 duplicated at the price. Two other lots, same
fIzp. adjoining the corner, for J300 each. Call
or write. (iEOUOE W. AUSTIN* & CO.. Real
Estate Brokers". IO118 Broadway, near Tenth et.
(telephone Red 6C6), Oakland, Cal.
BLOCK 64. must be eold; near 23d ave.. 17th St.,
East Oakland; a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT. 1112 East Slx-
tepnth st.. East Oakland. -
OAKLAND FIU.MTURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture denier. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DiviDExn notices;
DIVIDEND XOTICE-Dlvldend No. 10 (twenty- !
five cents per share) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Friday, June 15, 1900. Transfer books
will close on Saturday, June 9, 1900, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for State Prison supplies— Bids
will be received by the State Hoard of Prison
Directors at San Quentin. up to the hour
of 11:20 a. m. of July 7, 1900. for supplying
the State Prison at San Quentln with coal
for the ensuing fiscal year. A certified check
equal to 10 per cent of the bid. payable to the
president of the board, must accompany each
bid. Schedules and conditions to be had on
application to the clerk.
R. M. FITZGERALD. President
J. V. ELLIS. Clerk. . j
BIDS WANTED— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will he received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at lt» office, room 13. 320 Sansome st ,
Pan Francisco. Cal., up to 10:30 o'clork a m
SATURDAY, Jun<- 23. 1900, and opened im-
mediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and ilpllvfiinf? quarter-
rr.astpr and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Nnpn. County. Cal. (railroad
station Yountville). for six months commeno-
injr July 1. 19W. and endinic December 31, 1300.
Schedules with ln'ormation and instruction,
for submitting: bl<Js will be furnished upon
application by the underalsned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless It
In in accordance with «uch fschedules. Each
bidder must accompany h'« bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his hid, payable to C.
llason Kinne. treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will ent»r Into a srood and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. .T. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Homa of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sannme st., San Fran-i
Cisco. Cal. By order of the Board of Dlrec-
torf. J. J. SCOVILLK. Secretary.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
. (Kuccesscrs to FlannaRnn & Gallagher), .
. t DANIEL P. DONOVAN. JIgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORH AND EMBALMERS,
JO Fifth *t.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone. South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS. I
27 and 29 Fifth »t. Tel. South 167. • .'; I
fUNERAL DI&EOTOSS AND EMBALMER3. I
Finest Equipment at Moderate 'Ratea." I
BATLBOAD TEAVET* « j
wiTSRSs pjinrie coxPAJri-
(F/tciria tiniK.)
Train* ¦••¦*•> «»<« ore >tnr> l<» nrrlr ¦ til
NAM KUAK«I*<«».
• {Slain Line. Foot of Market Street.)
uati — From M_t 131 130a — -»«?»
*7:<M>* Benlda, Siiisna, Klmira, Vaca»!">,
Rumw J :iiui S»craiuento "7»4i3l»
•7:t»o * Shaita Kxorrga— Dutia. Williams (for
B-rtlett Springs). WiUows. Ued
Bluff, rnitl&ud. *T»»3*
•7<3i>4 Martinez. «»nU_mon,Val!e]o.N-p».
«:_J:«i'-_ i .ii.-l S_ti5_ R<it» •«:I.1p
•HiOAa D\i»U. VtiHxu-nd. Kuighta Lsndlo;,
M»r»»»il:<\ «>r<«ii:« •7HS*
••»:!»«»« Atl-otiu »'.»: iit.-sj- ' u ;•¦•• --<! K*«t *llil»«
•»r:u.» S»u J...1-. l.Hrru..T-. Mkocktou,
I. 'MO. .1_rr»iii-lirn. PUcrltlUe.
Marntfi)-. Ubiea, Ksd lilutT M:I»P
•N:30* Oak>!_K Chinese (fcr Yusemlte).
_ .nor*. Carter*. MtlSp
•9.-UO. Rijuuill, ..i;.a -i-j.1 Way ->'.*-!<>m». *1 l:4»_
••.»:<!<•» _•* ADtfOle* ti;««l — .Martinux
Truer, _H'!;roi>. mucituu. Merced
andKrmno # 6illr
•ttiitlM Vallrju. Martinet ami War SSatlout *0:l-iF
¦ Hi;Oii» Tho OTeTU:id Li'iuinl -« >n<fei:, Don.
»ex. i>uati_ . ci-.imc" 'SilSr
•Ilioo* Nilra, lJiarixoca. Stock-on, Sacra-
nun* ¦ MetuloU. liatiforO. VljilU.
l\,Tt«r»HI« MilSr
•I4i««m H.ywsr.:.-. Nile* and Way SUticni. # i: Wr
M:l)«r S.iui»iiiimi1.i l:i«il *i.hii..'H t3:OK*
•:ii«»r Harvard*, fiiiesantt Way tltattooa. *3:«.1r
•l:imr UarUnrx. K_» Haitian. Vailvjo.
N»fC UarM-jca, ,-mi.u I". »» *Uil3*
*4io»r i:~nicia, Winters. KacramAqia.
VVhd.IU-i.I. Kr.lt.iita J.aU'ii'Tg.
M»ry»»illi.. f)r.i»iliH. MO:«*
•liSllf N'i;»., .-...I .1. j.^i,,i>' tv.ju *7:1»»
•r»:««l r Tlio Owl i.i:iii:-<1 — 1 rai-y. Frr-«r,o.
tUker*a«lil. .S«u«uj ti» .-j*-ita. U-ir-
ba», I** Anr-lm i *»:«_
•3:00r Fresno l'Ms-ngur— Mutlm*. Lath- '
rop, f>Sucktuu. llrrc-il. l>eve_u_>
(itajraxuxi tor Yoaemite). !¦ »-«.¦.».. •I3»l»r
•»t3«fr Naw JtImuu Kmpri-9-— li_aer»<>elJ.
nrniit IUr»«ia. I_a1 Angelas. I>rui-
laf. HI l'wo. New Orleaus and
But •§!«*
*3iBOrMinU ft llmi'.e— All-nlio ExpisM
d.r H'.Ijii- mi.'i I ••-•- *«t»r»F
•ilKOr If»*«r»r.i4, .Nilnuil "iin Ju_> •?:-*»_
t«i«»r V_ll»)<« *»asl3r
•rt.Ot»r Oriental M.til ¦ «>j leu. C:ir>«-iiti».
O;_aha, I'tiirog;) '1!:43«
*«sOOrOrieu:il M.ui-i'ci-o. Decter.
Unulw, d.i&Miii *4tl3p
|TlOOr Vallrjo. I'.ir-. Co»i» a»t> Way 8ta-
„<•!•« j»:»ar
•Si«5r <>r»Kuii •lid <Vi' •' • i» i:<i>r<>M,M-a-
r.t»im.t... Mar j«> lilt*. l( r .l.lln«,
r-rtUi.-l. I'm;..' .--¦ ¦¦,,..! k.i, I Kant *¦«!!».
IIUST ItlVlNlOS I >«r,.,,T «.»»«.).
<K<H.t «.f M:»rkrL Slr-.-t.i
n ! » s * HanU Ortiz Kjc-irgion far t<*_t_
Cruz and I'li.^iyal W»y 8ta:iuD» jS:03f
•SilSa M«wi_-k.t>iitrriil!r.K_n.liiiio.Krltiiii.
li.H.i.rl'l.rtH^nU.il/.i/IV.'iy
8_*Ubm «e:a»»
tail.tr Ne-aik. OntawrlUal Man .loif, Np»
Ahiiaiimi, Keitiiii, RmiUm Creek,
riitnt- Km aii'l I'ducipal W«f
Mtatlraui ,«»S'1"»-
•l.lSr Newark. MM .Iraiv. !/iaG>b» *»:.-»a> k
qliHrClfuwool. fiiltmi. M»nt_ Cmi «»:¦•>¦» a.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
irsmSlS ntI8UC9--r*fl «f Hnklt Sire»i ( SiiJ 5)-
•7:15 900 :i:00».ll. |1:C3 «253 13:39
•|:C3 |S:C3 *8.5:r.«.
rrt-0»tUSB— f.tt «r!»r.»Jw.T.— -6:00 0:00 1O:OO»._.
I13:C3 '1:C3 tSS3 '3:53 »i:S3 *8:3:r.«.
COAST DITIXHI1 (HroaiHaujce).
(Ihlr.i :.¦.«! lavnuoiiil Sb.)
tCilU* ocean Vi..^. .-Ux.th s«n KrmucUco.. 1«lS0»>
t«:o»» Nan Jos* ami «_» Illallum (New
Aftntbm Wmlne-olijtixilr) *l<Str
1~:'JUa SnmUy Kxcnrsiiin f r H_n Jose,
Suit i Cruz. Pacific Giots and
1'rit.c'; -1 y- .iy Stationa JSiSSt
I "11 H«li .!¦>•<-. Tina fi.«.«. Hunt* Irni.
PacilM «;i..ve. !¦_»> K. .!.:.-». ««.,
l.iii* Ol.miM,, Hnrf, I..i:r;i.iC aiul
Prinelp-I Xtmf HUUMia •«:!•*
•IWil»t H%r. Jute «*4 Way .Siatlona •»:;•..%»
*llt3»* .Saii.li>sr.LoaG-toa:tiM|\V_jSUtlona *3taur
t'J>l»r m.ii Mstra. Uc.;i«..<mI. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Smu i::«M, .">«" .)«¦«,
< Trea Fluos, hant- I'im, Saiiuaa,
Momar.y ao.l r»«i«e Gn.to )l»::s(U
f3j3»r Kan .Ioa« an J Way SlxMui.a 10*9
t l:l'»r Han J. »»an.l Principal Way RUt'ona "J: I3.i
t3:Ot»rS*a .<r..«-. Loa U-toa «; I I*riuciB-l
Warbtatlons ?»:««*
•S:3Op .<Un.:oi«au<l Principal Way Station* t»::»."»*
•U::i«r San .low ami W«y .Station* !•:•»»*
«l!:l.tr 3_ii .iLtoij.l Way h'atiotn »7:aO|»
A for Mornuif P fur A ftemonn.
'Daily. t -iiu'.'.iy cicf;>t«d J buuday oo'y.
ft Saturday only.
• Satnrdajp aDd Svrvlar r »t and Monday.
CALIFORNIA N02TBWESTERN RY. CO.
3_ESS3H3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAG1F1S
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnr«n Ferry, Foot of Market St
SAX FRANCISCO TO BAN" RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— i.tO. »:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
1:30. 5:10. «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. 8atureay»— Extra trtss at 1:U
and 11:39 D. in.
¦VNDATS— 8:00. »:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 1:30.
S:0O. fi:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO EAJT FRANCISCO.
' WEEK DAT3— <:10. 1:10. 8:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:1S,
J:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdaya—Extra trip* as
1:S5 and C:2S d. m.
SUNDAYS— «:10. »:«. 11:10 a. ra.; 1:43. »:*0L
: »:CS. 8:23 p. m.
B«twee- San Praacltco aad Schuatzea Pars
a_m« achedule a* abor>.
Lca.T« I In Effect. I ArrtT»
Ban FranetacoL [Apr. 15. 1300.1 San FVaneta«».
Week I Ban- I I Sun- I Week
Days. ( days. | Destination.! daya. [ Daya.
• :30 am $-M tm\ No-atcx 10S0 amt i:40 in
3:30 pm »:8O arr.| Petalurna. «:C5 pmilO:^ a.-n,
4:1) pm S:00 pm; Santa Rosa. "Ii ;mi S:K> pm,
Fulton. I
1-JO am Windsor. 110.2S is*
Healdjb-Jrr.
Lytton. I
Gf>ys«rvtne. !
>:80pm »:00 im| Cloverdale. '7:S pra' »:20 pia
7:30 ami I Hopland I (10:3 _mt
3: to pm' 8:00 ami and Uklah. I T:35 pmj «:3> pm>
.: >am[ U:S3 am!
I 8:00 am Guernev'.Ue. 7:33 pm
l:S0pmf «:20pn«
I:H>am 8:00 ami Sonoma 9:13 am: S:49a~v
I and j
¦ :10 pm 6:00 pm| Glen Ellen. 9:05 pm; t:V> pm|
T:80 am! 8:C0 ami jW:40 arnlO:23 ami
3:20 pm! 8:j0 pr_| S«baat?poL I 7:33 pra| 6:20 an*
Stages connect at Santa Rcsa for Slark 'Westj
SrrlnRs and White Sulphur Springrs: at Fulton.
fcr Altruna: at Lvtton for Lytton Springs: aO
Geyserrilie fcr ?kag-gs Springs: at Cloverdalai
for th» Geysers: at Iloplanfl for Duncan
Fprln*". Highland Sprtnfra. Kelseyvtlle. Carls-
bad Sprtna— i, Scda. Bay. Lakeoort and BartletQ
Bprlnps; at Uklah for VJchy Springs. Sarator*.
Bprtn^a. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter*
6prln_s. Upper LaXe. Pomo. Potter Valley^
John Day*a. Rlveretde. I_erley**, Buekaeirav
Fanhedrtn Heiffhts. Rullvllle. Orr"* HoB
Springs. Mendoelno City. Fort T3rar<. West—
port. t T sal. Wllllta. Lartonvllle. Cummins.
1>11'p Srrings, Harris, Olscn'a, Dyer. Scotla<
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets as
reduced ratea.
On Snnd.ay rrnnd trip tickets to all point*
beyond Ean RaXael at half rates.
Ticket offices, 830 Market at.. Chronicle hldfc'
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RTAM.
General Maria. sr. Gen. Pasa. Agent..
s §
I Philadelphia §.
8 AND RETURN via g
I Santa Fe S
I Route.,- |
O Tickets Sold June t»
g 12th and 13th good %
o to return 60 days. <3
$ Cffica, 628 Market St. 1
I |
ft Ct
M0U1TT TA17AL?_I3 SCENIC RAILWAY.
L>;ave Francisco via Sausallto Kerry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:30 a. ra.. 1:A and S:15 p. m.
St'NDAT3....8. 5, 10. 11 a. m.. 1:3). 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco tr> Summit and return, ft 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
X"lk Dr. (Jibbon^s Dispensary,
jK-^^SQ f»2."> HtUCCnr **T. Katanlrsried
«*f— * £-*^ j. R !•> !"»O « tor the treatment ;t Pnvat»
H__ Ai:Sg& Diseases, loot Man hixrft 1 ><-t>ili ty or
t_^5>*i?Jpli 'iis^_s« l '-»*earingoii ixxiyarMmindai'.d
w\|ft5^]5 >kin Di^ast-a. 'rhftfioctorcures-.viif u
_&4^>i:fj.v.h^rsf_l!. Try him. Uh»r?t» mw.
«'nrc«tnar»nl»» t. Callorwrltf,
f>i-. J. >". uivuus. Box. 1937. Saa _*caactKB_
DIED.
Bassett. John M. Meade, Miss Jane
Downing, Ellen Mecredy. Thomas H.
Ellis, Catherine II. O'Connell, Jeremiah
Feeney, Frank J. Peterson, Louis
Flood, Rev. James Petrovich, John
Foley, John J. Prlngle, Thomaa
Fredrikson, Thelka Reilly, James
CJarside. Howard W. Richards. Emma H.
Gro.-K, Minnie Sand, Walter
Hart. Hyman Shea, Cornelius
Hawkins. Mrs. M. A. Standrlng. Sarah A.
Jewell. Edward St. Sure. Ellen D.
LilUs, Lawrence Whalen, Mary
BASSETT— In this city, June 10, 1900, John
' Melville, youngest «on of John G. and Ida
Un.-sett, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
year* 3 months and 13 days.
__r"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:3" o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 2204 Geary street, near Devis-
adero. Interment CypresB Lawn Cemetery.
DOWNING— In this city. June 11, 1900. Ellen,
beloved wif> of Thomas Downing, and mother
of' Mrs. J. H. Purvis and of Lola, Johnston,
Parnell, Jackpon, Penelope. Luke and Pattle
Manning, a native of California, aged 46
years.
ELLIS— In this city. June 11. 1900, Catherine II.
Ellis, beloved mother of Edward V., George
J. and William W. Ellis. Mrs. J. L. Calvert
and the late Mrs. Finloy Cummlng, aged 69
yt-ars.
£3" Friends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter. Mrs. J. L. Calvert, 142
Nineteenth avenue, near California street.
FREDRIKSON-ln this city, June 10, 19C0,
Tlielka, wife of Richard Frcdrlkson, and be-
loved mother of Ingegaid, Harold and Sigurd
Fredrlkson. a native of Sweden, aged 43 years.
C?"Friende ar.d acquaintances are rr-spect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock,/ from the parlora
of Ha!ated & Co., »46 Mission street. Inter-
ment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
EENEY— In this city. June 11. 1900. Frank J.
F ?ney. beloved son of the late Michael and
Catherine Feeney, a native of San Francisco.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
¦ of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FLOOD — A solemn anniversary requiem high
mass will be Celebrated to-morrow (Wednes-
day) morning, at 9 o'clock, at Sacred Heart
Church, for the repose of the soul of the late
Rev. James Flood. Friends anil relatives are
respectfully invited to attend.
FOLEY— In this city, June 10, 1900, John J.,
beloved son of the late Julia Harrington,
brother of William and Annie Foley, and
nephew of Mlas Kate Daly and Mrs. J. Ma-
gulre. a native of New York, aged 47 years.
C_s*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 340 Twenty-eighth avenue, between
California and Clement streets. Richmond
district, thence to Star of the Sea Church, on
Eighth avenue, where a hlrh requiem mass
will be said for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Intei-ient Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GARSIDE— In Alameda, June 10. 1900, Howard
W. Garulde, beloved eon of Charles and Ella
Girside, aged 9 .years and 4 months.
C^The funeral will take place to-mcrrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, Paru street, between Clinton
and San Jose avenues.
GROSS— In this city. June 10, 1900. Minnie, be-
loved* daughter of Philip and Annie Gross,
and glster of Rae and- Dr. Louis Gross, a na-
tive of New York, aged 26 years and 2 months.
tn_TFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this tlay
(Tues'lay), at 10 o'clock, from 2325 Pine streen
n«ar Stelner. Interment Salem Cemetery, by
electric car at Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
HART— In this city, June 11. 1900, Hyman Hart,
beloved husband of the late Dora Hart, and
father of Abe and the late Sam Hart, a na-
tive of Poland, aged 73 years.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission
street. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery,
HAWKINS— In this city, June 11. 1900, Mrs.
Margaret A. Hawkins, beloved mother of John
W. Hawkins, Mrs. F. Jackson and Mrs. L.
Doyle, a native of Missouri, aged 62 years.
OtyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her . late
residence, 271 Dore street, between Bryant
and Harrison, Eighth and Ninth. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JEWELL— In Oakland. June 11, 1900, Edward
jfiweil, a native of New York, aged 81 years.
LILLIK— In this city, at the Palace Hotel,
Lawrence, .husband of Elizabeth R. Lillls. a
native of County Clare, Ireland, aged 55 years.
MEADE— In this city, June 9, 1900, Miss Jane
Meade, a native of County Meath, Ireland,
aged 72 years.
[C_rFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at St. Pat-
rick's Church, Seward street. West Oakland.
Interment private.
MECREDY— In this city, June 11, 1900, Thomas
Henry Mecredy. beloved son of the late John
J and Jane E. Mecredy. and brother of Alex
B.. John G., William J.. Fred A. and Ray
It Mecredy and' Mrs. A. A. Osborn, a native
of Albany. N. Y., aged 57 years.
O'CONNELL— in this city, June 11. 1900, Jere-
miah, beloved husband of Jonna O'Connell,
father of . Josie, Katie, Frances and Daniel
O'Connell and Mrs. D. Burns, son of Eliza-
beth O'Connell, and brother of Kate, Norah
and Dennis O'Connell, a ¦ native of County
Cork, Ireland, aged '49 years. Late of Tibu-
ron, Marln County.
C^Remalns at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
nUreet.
PETERSON— In this city, June 10, 1900, Louis
Peterson, a native of Sweden, aged 35 yeara.
A member of Longshore Lumbermen'a Pro-
tective Association.
__r fiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Pest. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
PETROVICH— In this city. June II, 1900, John
Petrovich, a native . of Skaljare, Bocche dl
Cattaro.Dalmatla. Austria, aged 45 years and
7 months.
(_7"Ftler.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2:30 -o'clock, from the Aus-
trian Benevolent Society's Hall, 413 Sutter
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Re-
mains at the parlors of McAvoy & Co.. 1239
Market street, between Eighth and Ninth.
PRINGLE— In this city, June 11, 1900, Thomas,
beloved husband of Alice Prlngle, and father
of Alice and Chester Prlngle, a native of
Duns. Scotland, aged 47 years 1 month and
«r_TNotlce of funeral hereafter.
REILLY— In this city, June 11, 1900. James,
beloved husband of Susan M. Rcilly. and
father of James W.. Mary A. and Edward F.
Reilly. a native of . County Longford. Ire-
land, aged 68 years and 3 months.. ¦¦¦¦
(iSrFrTends and acquaintances are J 'egpect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence t& St. Brlgid's Church, Van Ness ave-
nue and -Broadway, where a "Solemn requiem
high mans will , be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Kindly omit
flower*. ¦: •-' . .
RICHARDS— In ¦¦ Uklah, ¦ Cal.. June 8. 1900,"
Emma II.. dearly beloved wife of- James 8.
MARRIED
AUSTIN— MORRISON— In Sierra City. Cal..
June 5. 1900. at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
O. H. Morrison, by the Rev. L. W. Pendleton,
Eugene O. Austin of Berkeley. Cal., and Ber-
tha E. Morrison of Sierra City. Cal.
HANNAN— GREER— In this city, by the Rev.
Mr. Lion or St. Stephen's Episcopal Church,
W. J. Hannan of Carrville, Trinity County,
and Carrie M. Greer of Redding.
NELSON'— MARTENSEN-In this city. June 0.
1300, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, George Nel-
son and Emma Martensen.
SHKTTLE— HUGHES— In this city. June 11,
1M)O, at the Central M. E. Church, by tha
Rev. S. D. HutsinpUler, Charles E. Shettle
of Salt Lake City and Delia Hughes of San
LFrajQclico.
TIIIIUSH— SMITH— In this city. June 8. 1900,
by the Rev. Philip Coombe, De Forrest
Thrush and Ella Pearl Smith, both of San
Francisco.
WILKINS— KRUSE— In this city. June 10, 1900.
by the Rev. Philip Coombe. Samuel J. WIN
kins and Helena Henrietta Kruse, both of
San Francisco.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Charles and Janet Dunlop to Marg-aret Mor-
ton, lot on E line of Polk street, 87:6 S of val-
lejo. S 50, E 128. NE 51:2, W 138:10%; $10.
Jane Gillin to James W. GlUln. lot on W
line o€ Steiner street, 162:4 N of Haight, N 28:9
by W 127:6; gift.
Adam M. and Matilda Brutscher to Kan-
radlne E. Weisbrod (wife of H. G.), lot on N
line of Carl street. 325 E of Stanyan, E 23 by
N 137:6; $10.
William Wynne to Ellen Wynne, lot on W
line of Capp street. K0 N of Seventeenth, N *.j
by W 1(j5; also lot cn SW line of Fourth street,
140 SE of Folsom, SE 25 i>y SW 75: grant.
Sarah E. Gouldin to Ella M. Helm, lot on W
line Valencia street, Hi N of Twenty-second,
N 114 by w 125: $10.
William and Emma Holub (Jira) to Elizabeth
Wardwell, lot on S line of F.lizabeth street,
17S:4 W of Ellen, W 25 by S 114; $10.
Hugh anS Nellie A. Keenan to A. S. Groth.
lot on NW corner of Twenty-fifth street and
Hoffman avenue (Ellen). N 75 by W 100; $10.
John r. Fraser to Helen 8. Fraser, lot on E
line of Mason street, 87:6 N of Sutter, N 49:11
by E S7:6; gift.
Wesley B. Harker to Charles S. Harker, lot
on SE corner of Kansas and Army streets (Co-
Iusa), E 200 by S 433; »10.
J. T. and Martha M. Ford to M. H. Herman,
lot on W line of Minnesota street 670:2 N of
Nevada, N 25. NW 101. S 25. SE 101; $10.
Lydla M. Heyn to Laura 11. Price, lot on W
line of Thirty-fifth avenue. 300 N of B street,
N 25 by W 120; $150.
Margaret M. and Elizabeth A. Heydenfeldt
to Oxen O. Heydenfeldt, undivided 1-10 of lot
on N line of Post street, 110 W of Larkin. W
67:6 by N 120; also undivided 1-5 of the estate
of Solomon Heydenfeldt 10137, deed and agree-
ment; $5.
Nellie Douthltt to Robert Plasberg, lot on
W line of Scott street. 110 8 of Sutter, S 27:6
by W 137:6: Jio.
"David and Albertine Davis to Frank T.
Green, lot on 8 line of Hayes street, 108:3 E
of Clayton, E 23 by S 137:6; J10.
Clara A. and William J. English to Mer-
cantile Trust Company of San Francisco, un-
divided 1-8 of lot on N line of California street,
87:6 E of Montgomery, E 25 by N 114:4; *10.
People's Home Savings Bank to G. T. Knopf,
lot on NW corner of North Point and Leaven-
worth «treets, W 137:6, N 137:6. W 137:6. N
137:6, E 9S:6V». KE 275:9^, S 63:0%: also lot on
SW corner of Beach and Leavenworth streets,
B S6-.ll'.,. NE 113-.1V4. E 72:4%; 57500.
Charlotte A. Jones to Minnie P. Shotwell.
lot on SW line of Fourth street, 309:44 SE of
Mission. HE 34:4Vi by SW 137:6; $2000.
George V. Metzger, Peter Denner and Henry
F. W. Schafer, executors of the estate of
George A. Raabe, to Minna Rohrer, lot on E
corner of Folsom street and Folsom avenue,
being 212:6 NE of Eighth street, NE 32:6 by
SE 100; $SS0O. •
Alameda County.
John P. Fraser to Helen S. Fraser, .lots 8 and
9, block J, Map. ot Linda Vista Terrace, Oak-
land; gift.
Duncan T. and Nettle McArthur to John R.
and Henrietta M. MacGregor, lot on S line of
Webster avenue. 132 W of Linda avenue, W 30
by S 1C0. being portion of lot 5, Glen Echo
Tract, Map 2, Oakland; $10.
P. E. and Mary A. Bowles to Jennie L.
Bridges (widow), lot 49, Mitchell Tract, Map
2, quitclaim deed, Oakland; $5.
Jennie L. Bridges (widow) to Charles R.
Allen, lots 47, 48. 49 and 12',4 feet of lot 50,
Mitchell Tract, Map 2. Oakland; $10.
Anna Porter (executrix estate of Catharine
M. Porter) to Friedrich A. and Maria L. C.
Siegfried, let on W line of Magnolia street. 175
S of Thirty-fourth. S 25 by W 133:3. being por-
tion of lot S, block 678, Watts Tract. Map 2.
Oakland; $300. ~ .
Emella J. and Antonio Joseph to Ernest A.
Leigh, lot on S line of Mead avenue, 573 W of
San Pablo avenue, W 50 by S 125.70, being lots
41 and 42, map of Mead Park. Oakland: IS6.
Carry and Fanny K. Howard to George E.
Pratt, lot-on-NVV' corner of Broadway and
Fortieth street or Evoy avenue, N 84. W to N
line of plat, U, Ro. V. and D. Peraita. thence
W to W line of lot Y. thence S to N line of
Fortieth Ptreet or Evoy avenue, thence E 124.33
to beginning, being lot X and portion of lot Y,
resubdivision of Weston Tract, Oakland; also
lot 11, block F, Weston Tract, Oakland; $10.
A. H. and Elizabeth McDonald to Henry and
Barbara Abernethy, lot" on N line of Ashby
avenue. S3 W of Deakin street. W 50 by N 100,
block 15 Suburban Tract, Oakland: $10.
Nicholas Ohiandt (by J. C. Ohlandt, attor-
ney). Mathilda Ohlnndt. John A. and Mary M.
Buck and Henry and Catherine M. Ohlandt to
George A. Cockerton, lot on W line of San
Pablo avenue. l."H»:2'i N of Iwilylla street. N
40. \V 100. N 62. W 30. 8 92, E 130 to beginning,
being portion of plirt 3, Ro. V. and D. Peraita,
Oakland; $10.
William H. J. Matthews to Pauline A. Mat-
thews, lot on W line of Brush street. ol^CM-i
N of Seventeenth. S 51:10^, W 110. N 5t:10H.
E 110 to beginning, being lot 10, block E. Lands
Oakland Union Homestead Association. Oak-
land;, gift.
Elizabeth Wardwell to William and Emma
Holub, lot on S line of Haskell street. 450 E
of San Pablo avenue, E 100 by S 127.24, being
lota 42 to 43, on map of reaubdlvision portion
of blocks D. and E. Carrison Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
Henry A. and Anne M. Hoyt to John J.
Ormoby. lot on E line of Bryant street, 434
N of East Fourteenth, N JO by E US, being
lota 49 and B0, block A. Fruitvale Tract. Brook-
lyn Towns>hln; $20.
Leah F. Mott (single) to Alwlna Wacken-
roder, lot on E line of Grant ptreet, 115 S of
Alameda avenue, S 85 by E 133, being the S
35 feet of lot 6, block F, Map of Oak Park,
Alameda; grant.
Builders' Contracts.
Hale Brothers, Inc. (owners) with Otis Ele- I
vator Company (contractors), architect" Reid
Brothers— Four .electric elevators for building
In course of erection on S line of Market street,
between Fifth and Sixth, commencing at a
point 78 from Sixth: $11,850. '¦
Crocker Estate Company (owners) with Ver-
mont Marble Company (contractors), architect
Frank S. Van Trees— Marble wainscottlnK.
stpps. etc.. for Crocker Estate Safety Deposit
Vaults in bulldlnn on corner of Market, Mont-
comery and Post streets: $5113.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
HERNAN— In this city, June 6, 1900, to the
wife of M. H. Ilernan, Esq., a daughter.
MILLER— In Sausallto. June 10. 1P00. to the
wife of John A. Miller, a daughter.
BOEN.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Broadway
t__ wharf. £an* Francisco:
BSJa>^_. For Alaskan x>orta — 11 a. m..
SSt^^3!_>s_ June 10, 15, 20. :i. SO. Jul7 5-
5fl_>KJjK*»», Change to company's eteam-
ffSSjiSS? Vfci Kor Victoria. Vancouver 'B.
£#jfZ>C<^'<1 C.). T.irt Tnwnsend. Hcattlf.
f^4y ; -iS ? -' Tacomn. Rverett. AnaenrtM,
and New Whatcom <W«sh.>—
11 a. m.. June 10. 15. 20. 23. JO.
July 5, and every fifth day thereafter: chanira
Rt Seattle to this company's steamer? for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Ha;*— 10 a. m.. June
12, :7, n. 27, July 2, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Crux, Monterey. Fan Simeon. Cay-
uccs. Port Harford (S.in Lul« Oblspo>. Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenetne. Pan Pedro.'
East Pan Pedro <T..gs An«ele*O and >»e«?port —
9 n, m.. June 9. 12. IS. 20. 24, 23. July 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (Pan Luis Oblspo). Sar.ta narbara. Port
L/m Angeles and Re<londo (Lr>s Angeles>— 11 a.
m., June 10. 14, IS. 22. 28, 30, July 4, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Ma_da!*na Bay. San Joss del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. S*rta Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves th» right tr> chanjre
steamers^ ratlins dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OPFirE — I New Montgomery
str«*et iPnlnce Hotel).
GOODALL. PKRKIXS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R, & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Prear-street Wharf at 11 a,, m.
CfS DC Sl2 First Class including Berts
f •*»•". S8 Second Host and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
June 1*. 22. July 2
COLUMBIA satis Juno 17. 27. July 7
Short line to Walla Walla, Ppolinne. Butt*.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Aff*nt.
¦ 630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TBAN8ATLASTIQUE.
DIRKCT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
KaiiinK every Thursday In^tea.l of -r£2Si?
Saturday, from November 2. 1S^. at -«.-«-¦'¦•*#»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA LORRAINE. June U; LA
CHAMPACNE. June 21: l/AQUITAINE. June
2S: LA TOURAINK. July 5. First class to
Havre. X60 nnd upward; S per cent reduction
on round trin. Second class to Havre. X45: 5
per rent reduction on rouiii trio. CENTRAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, 2! Pmariwflv (Hudson buildlnz). New
York. J. F. Fl'OAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, f. Montgomery avenn». San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
1TW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOUDOS. P1HW.
Ptop'pin- at Cherbourg, westbound. ¦
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m. ',
p t p a ul June 27/New York July 11 |
St.* Louis July 4' St. Paul July IS i
RED STA=t LIN_. j
NeW Yorl< or>d Arttw«>->.
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
South wark .Tun* 2r>!Kensinirton July 4
Westernland ...June 27' Noonlland July 11
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. \
20 Montcromery street.
EMPIRE LINE.
S S. "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St. i
Michael. May 24th. Subsequent sailinars from
Seattle to Ncme. St. Michael and Yukon River j
Points. June 30. July 31. August 30. For rat-s j
and other information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
20 Monti-omery St f
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 n. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG. caUlnsr at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
ES. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. June 14. 1900
SS NIPPON MARU Tuesday. July 10, 1300
_S. AMERICA MARU :
Friday, August 3, 19C0
Via Honolulu. <
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For j
frelehv. nnd pasras? apply at company's office, I
421 Market atrP^t. corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General A.ent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TV, IN-SCP.EW EXPRESS SERVICE
I TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURG i
i (PARIS) AND HAMBURG. • '
TWIN-SCRF.TV PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOITTH. CHEREOT'ltG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For Salllnsr, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.37Brlw'y. N. Y.
. PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved if secured before departure.
HERZOO & CO.. Gen. Act*, for Pacific Coast.
401 California st.. corner Sansome. S. F.
OCEANIC 8. S. CO.-HONOT.TTLU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SVDNJEY.
SS. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New Zea- ;
land and Australia — Wed.. June 13, 8 p.m.
SS. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only) ¦
Wednesday. June 27 10W). 2 p. m. [
). 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. !I4 Uontcontar) ;
Piur 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Otflcs.32} Market St I
iii i
r_r_v _>¦¦«___> ¦ lAir HATBOa .{30O Tosa! I
limVOllflVO LSl^iU LUXOR ...650OTons: .
3EJIAPIS .4000 Tona |
M oa'iily tallins for Valparaiso and Hanbnr? i
i riailaiiean por's. Ontral.South Amenca.«tc. j j
S.S. Luxor. 6IC0 tons, sails about June 3. • |
I. D. SPRFC-ELS * BEOS. «».. ie»at«, 111 «..i r ».^ stJ !
P |, r ».;-lr>hlil'»«l'>- *_L__ r *».'._!-_'?i B Fr " J*« ]
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS, j
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AND VALLEJO, \
Stenmer "Monteello." \
HON.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43 i
a. m. : 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thura. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 3
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150S.
FARE 50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
BORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
'<¦>';;* j Via Sausallto Ferry.
. Commencing- April 22, 19C0.
'FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VXLIJHT I
AND 3AN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. '3:30. 9:30. 11:00 a. n_i |
1J:45. *1:«. 3:15, 4:15, •3:15, 6:15. S:40 p. m. I
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley Saa ;
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays, at 8:00 and 11:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •S:CO. '9:00, «i0:00. 11:00. II •»
_. m.; 12:45. 'l^O. 2:M. «3:4i 6:00. «:00. 7:29 !
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Hafad Sua- '
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. >
WEEK DAYS— 5:3i. •«:33. 7:£C. S:40. «10:15 a. I
m.: 12:30^ 1:13. 2:15, 'S^O. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays ;
and Saturdays at *6:45 and 13:20 p. m
SUNDAYS— 8:15. »8:00. 'J^O. 'll^a. m.; 'WOO ;
m.; 1:00. 2:15. -3:30. 4:30, »5:45. 8:43. 7:30. 10_» |
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. !
WEEK DAYS— 5:53. «:45. 8:00. 8:53. 10:30 _. !
m.: 12:35 1:45. 2:43. 3:30. 4:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TSIP3 on Monday". Wedne»_ay» i
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 19:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:35. 8:C5. 10:C3. 11:10 a. ra.; I2:1jL i
1:20. 2:30. 3:45, 4:C3. 6:15. *:C3. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN&
7:00 a. m. wok days — Cazadero and way at*- >
tlons.
J:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way it** :
tlons. ¦> j
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:C0 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way »ta-
tlcns. i
12:43 p. m. Sanday»— Point Reyes and w«jr j
«_attoni.
WABASH
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
FROM
Chicago, Kansas City and St. Louis I
to
New York and New Fngland Points.
Finest thiouth train service, with pollto aad
eourtaoa* employes. 6 top-off allowed at uu
Fall*. ROSS C CLLNE. P. C. P. A«_. 1
c. », cra**. a. *. a£? ***«"-
_ at. xx>«_h Ma. , • i I
B1OXEY TO LOA.X.
JLNY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent- firet.
second mengases. estates Sn probate tnt»re»t
In estates, legacies, corporation loan*, chattel
mortgages; life, insurance. Room 18. first
IV.T. Lhronicle b'.g.. H4.LLORAN A OLSEN.
1CIGHL.T re*v*c:a_l« private place to obtain
l.lrtr-I advances cn diamonds, jewelry, at low-
ot nit«i Haldwin Jewelry Ptore. 646 Market
tt.; ttl. Main 1C44. Branch 19 Third st.
LOAN'S made on furnltur* at 1*4 per c«nt; also
!S? J £ii!'' ell! " rie<) P*«pl*. HARSHBARGER.
1^ LUik ft., room !4.
O.N" real estate. 1« cr 2nd mortgages, and on
Inrmtuie or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowtt r_te«. BECKER & CO.. 2« Montgomery.
MO>T reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
*_tclu £> jewelry. W. J. 1IESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest pricg fcr old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private jjarty on furniture and
V^H. ( l-i . n ° r»m«val; low rates; confidential.
HO.M.LH. Conservatory bldg.. 150 Powell st.
AT I_t Kearny. room S. respectable private
liiice to borrow cn watches, diamonds; lowest
r-tis; take elevator. Telephone Davis S3S.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
*ervir« : money direct; lowed interest. Rooms
g W *t>4 tV; Poaobot building. 1170 Market st.
H_*tLT_PHT. C30 Market Ft., solves all kinds of
..nancial prohVmii; 2d morte-Re-. estates, etc.
MONEY loaned salaried p»cple without security.
HILL, mi. 44. Merchants' Exchange, 431 Calif.
TO FRlari^d p«v.t>!e: without security all busi-
r.-es ronfi<lT.:ia!. Touyjey Co.. 321 Parrctt big.
CAf-H luar.e.i to Falarled people on note without
ln-^. n->-r MORREI.L. CCfl Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
o^r.rrl»>lrn: private LIOK. 116 McAllister.
TO i.-i iarif>.! men without collateral or lndon-er.
S F. T-^unt Agency, m Php] an buildtng.
MOSEY U'AATED.
WA.VTED — JI500 on choi«-e ttuburban tract; II
r-r cfr.i. Atf.rms box Call oSce.
MUSICAL 1>STIIL.ME.\T_.
EAEGAIXS! BARCAINS:! nARQAINS'.!!
tl^.. fl75. tZOO. *_Xi.
BUY NOW-IXJN'T WAIT.
MAL'VAIS'. 7€9 Market st.
IUCKARD PIANOS and ORGAN?.
Mott Beautiful Ca«ei. Kair Prices.
> MAUVAIS' MU?IC CO.. TC3 Market st.
PAYMENTS _?cepted fcr aJl kinds cf Musical
l:".Mirum«-nis. If you don't want to pay ca^h.
at MAmiF. TCS Market st.
AS we represent the J>est make of pianos in
every grade, fr-rii gteinway down to low-
priced makes, ar.d as our installment pay-
ments ar» <-ii»i<r than these of other dealers,
we are tba i^ople frcm whom you fhouIJ
purchase; new uj.rijrht r'anus. (6 ca»h. J5 per
mor.th: other riia:i-s V: U and $5 p-r menth.
EHERItAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers,
cor. K«-Brr.y and Putter *ts.. San Krancisco;
cor. Th:ri«-eni_ and Bread-ray. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY -he oldest and largest house
*est cf Chicago ir KOHLER & CHASES.
V6. 25 and 20 O'Farre'.l ft. : pianos, organ and
all other rau»:cal Instruments of all grades
thmjr pciesib.e _^ne to pltase and satisfy the
ci;Momer.
AN upripht. po.td condition, JVS: E>ecker Bros."
*>alA- Erand a fnap, U50. BENJ. Cl'RTAZ &.
«).\", 1« O'Farrell M. : Chickerins. Steck.
Vo«. Bterlmc and Ourta* Pianos.
FOR immediate Fale— A beautiful upripht, 3-
7*dal piano: used only a few months: elegant
'-af< ; fin* tone; good as new; $iyj. Room 10.
Flood bu!!<S:rp.
BABGAIXS— A few rianoa will be eold this
wet-k for stcrape; cfTers wanted «cash or in-
Ft-llrorstr). Wi!«nr.'s Storaite Co.. 1710 Mrkt.
tACRIKl^ED for cash: a handsome uprlKht
riaiio. tlW'; f=<-ld to close up estate. Room
12. Floc>d buildir.ff.
4-ROOM furniture, also square piano, for sale;
r.o ftealors. Vt Cedar ave.. corner Larkin nt.
BTOXWAI upright, tlbh: iTistallmertts. 13. *5.
t'.O: r^rt* I! up. HEINE'S. 136 El'ls st.
PTKE KreJl utTlpht piano at a great bargain.
BTATHAM. 1<4 McAllister st.
IlEDl'CTION eale: r.ew pianr.g. js payments;
for rent. 12 up. BRUENN. SOS Post *t.
K'I'MKR «r CO.. Byron Mauzy Pianos. 30S to
?i: Po-t ft.
G'ViD ri5cher: treat barg-a'.n. pFhMITX 16
MrAiliFter ft., next Hibemia Bank.
W. a. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st.. eirent for
Francis liacon and Hallett flc I'avis pianos.
6UPERTOR ridtaf, z:th«r*, old and new. H.
MI'LJ.ER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST ar.d b--t in Am-r-.c-a— The Weekly
<"all. 16 nafM. pent to any address in the
Vnited FtsT<»« or Car.ada one year for $1,
laMtagv : aid.
OFFICES ASD STOXtliS TO LET.
T< • RENT— &mcc Kxtt, arell Iiprhted fronTTour
winio"*?; on Mtwifl floor; First et.. near Mar-
ket; electric power in building; use of freipht
•¦levator: r»ct reasonable to right party. Ad-
dress box 2€05. Call.
TO let— IMS Howard Ft.; store and 3 roams;
fecend floor of S rooms, with large yard «nd
nabie containins; S Ftalls: rent $3'): will sub-
divide ard repair to suit. LANDRY C?.
HA BIN. 413 Kearny j=t.
j:5— LAP.iiE etore; 25 Sixth Et. Apply cn
pr*-rr.ise».
LARGE stores and Funny offlcea n*ar Ha!l of
Justice. Cotrt block. BABIN, 4!3 Kearny st.
A WEKK'S news for i rents. The Weekly Call.
IS pp.pes. in «rrarrer. for ir.ailinr. Jl p»r year.
PAL31ISTUY.
_IME. Ne^rpaard. Vrt-e. St. Germain College of
I J almlstr>' ; reads 1 to S. €1€ Geary, nr. Jones.
H. JEROME KO^SELLI. scientific palmist. £15
Taylor at., bet. Geary & Post: phone Rlack f,Cl.
FERSOSALS.
DANIEL CROWLEY. I'lma Co.. Ariz.— To your
advantage to addr«-»» I. E. JARRETT. Law-
yer, llearet building.
THK rarific Coast Regular CoIIeire of Medi-
cine. San Francisco. Howard et.. between
Fourth and Fifth (Incorporated under the
laws of California), will open Its regular
course June 15. All lectures will be delivered
in the evening-.
Daily clinics, fr*»e fcr the poor, will be held
In the college building, frcm 9 a. m. to b:30
For rartirulars address THE DEAN OF
Tim MEDICAL COLLEGE, at the buil_::>g,
SI* Howard et.
A— TO-NIGHT; free clinic. STS Geary et.. near
Larkin; S o'clock; mental culture; demonstra- ¦
UCM. I
C^PT-OFF clothlnK. old p^ld and silver bought;
Vend portal. COLKMAN'S. EM Keirny st.
LEPEREIl, th« up-to-date hairdrt-sser.
Has elfjrantly refitted hts parlors.
Its c^w the neatest place in town.
H»irdrrs«ir.K only 25c. though.
<juintonif-a hair tonic. 25c bottle.
Foamo Shampoo, i>c packajte.
Ir.iiifrp*'r!s'»b!e articles. 123 Stockton st.
P4RALYPIS positively cured, also ner\-ous.
ikln and lunr diseases, rheumatism, cssiflca- j
tton and rtiff Joint*: no <!ruR»: no knife. DR.
L J FTRATTON. 507-50$ Parrott bldg.. over !
Krr.i>oriuro. San Francisco: consultation free.
ELnCTBIC Mghts In every room— Winchester
IioU'1 44 Third st.. near Market: 100 rooms;
ZZc to *1 50 ier riirht: tl H to J6 per week:
rree 'bua and ba«vicg.gc to and from the ferry.
j>.CADL : MY r fnr the NEW SCIENCE OF HEAL-
ING- all flis^aff-s are curable; WITHOUT
PRIGS WITHOUT OPERATIONS: consulU-
tion free. DU. WM. BCHMITT. T27 Post rv
A~"fRKE fhtmiKin * treatment for failing hair
arjl dandruff with each Ujc bottle of New Ijis- i
cuvt-ry Hair Tonic; agents wanted. IIS Eddy. I
fFn Lilile W*l>b'« eoap. made from California I
o'.ive oils, roots and hTbs: 10c at druecists;
_?er.t« war.t^d. U9 Stevenson, b*t. J & 10 a.m. j
AN elegant *ult for 110 75 from lmported^or do-
n>*»tic remnantf. L. LEMOS. HIT Market st..
bctwet-n Sc.-inth and Eighth.
MISS' SHELDON, chiropodist and magnetic
treatment. IZQ Market Kt., feeond floor, rm. :T.
O D. WORSE rholcgrapher. 2X06 Pacific ave..
brt«'n-n I'ierce and Scott: phone Stelner^SST j
JF FOB wi^h full value for your cast -off clothing
call on H. COHEN. J^7 Third; tel. Rlack 4121
LADIEf-" end K«>r.t«* caftofT clothing bought an4
Et.'n. Filv*-rmari. PS4 Folsom. tel. Folsom 1191.
FrUz-DHKHS srsd other suits bcucht: also old
Kold. Portland Loan Offlc*. Z* Stockton et.
IlXlU 'juickly curled or wsvel by using Tal-
•-ott's Curling Flu!<J: 2Sc t>ottle; druggirta.
CHr.APF.ST~end b**t in Amfrica- The Weekly
Ca!'.. K T-app*. «ut to any address in the
I'Tilt^-d States cr Canada one year for >l.
I'HOTOCItAl'lIIC SUPPLIES.
i!vrrioarn?>dak»*"free: photo supplies. liackus
ytudli-i. 11 Oftry »t.. rr^und floor. .
PHYSICIAAS ~AX_r"si;ilCEO5S.
_n C. C O'lONNELL-Office and residenc*,
10^'-^ Market tt.. bet. Sixth _nd Se\-«nth,
OKAL KSTATB CITV FOIl SALE.
$SCOO— TO close an estate; Jot SJxIZT.-C: brick fm-
;j:«..vf'rticnft: 5 flatu; r»-ntu VA: could be ' Im-
proved t<» bring t;(« the mouth; west aide
to rear «tT>t-t. between Lombard
and Filbert. Apply Ii. McCOLGAN. 24 Mont-
gcinr ry ft., room i.
JSiOO-FINE inv_5tment; 2 dwellings: all occu-
pi*J; lot 77:6xl_j; corner Bartlett and Twenty-
Mxth tts. : nun be eold; owner going East.
/.;¦;!}• to 3. F. rnVaCS, _m Vt__acU *„
KEAL SSTATI.-— CITY FOB SALE.
A, M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market mU.
„„„ _ Opposite Kearny. - V 1 -
$«2.50O-Rents J40O; lot 80x137:6 fe*t: modem
ouiHing; pays 10 per cert.
$32,000— Fourth it., near Towneend; 137:fa
13 ( :6; near railroad and warehouses.
tCS.OO.}— Vicinity Larkin and McAllister: lot
eS:Sxijf> feet; two frontages; rents KIQ.
$23,000— Sixth »t.; 75 feet frontage; 4 stores
and CO rooms above; rents $200.
$12,600— Half block from Market _nd Steuart
eta. ; brick building.
tl2.E00— Ninth st., close to Mission; 38 feet
front: two "torts and flats.
$11.000— Market-st corner; store and flats;
:nod»rn buildlnc; rents $S5; lot 23x100 feet.
$3000— Rents J100; lot 1!W_1_7:6; Powell-st. car
line.
t"2?0— Broadway, between Buchanan and
Webster st».; lot 34:4^x132 feet; choicest resi-
dent site.
$6W0— Six bay-window flats: rents $66: lot
**x75. near Sixth and Howard »ts.
*«•"¦•<*> — 1^5 Burh st.; lot 30x137:6; house of 14
rooms; mi>t tx; eold.
$.7W- Powell St.: three flats; rents $62.
$*V>0— Four fine flats: Capp «t.; rents $40.
$3fKW— Rents $41;- five fiats: two frontagres;
Vallejo et. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
THR choicest and best business corner l<jt In
Richmond very cheap: offered for the first
time; northeast Clement and Sixth ave., in
front of the branch postofflce; a growing' and
busy neighborhood; every one goes to the
postofflce In Richmnnil; cars pass every few
minutes Roing to Golden Gate Park, on Sixth
ave., and to the Cliff House and Beach, on
Clement; sir.e of lot 22:6x100; price only $2500;
eafy payments.
Store and flnts will pay good interest, being
the NK. corner; the fiats will be very sunny
and never vacant and will be taken before the
bui!<1iwr 1? finished; if you are lookinz for a
business corner as well you will buy this on
s'fht; the SE. corner of Clement and Third
ave.. Fame size, p^lri a year ago for $3000. and
| Clen-.ent ami Sixth is a much better buslneji
! loratlon by far; 1 recommend this as a fine
| purchase. W. J. (ll'XX, 530 California st.
I A XSAI5GAIN — Gcotl paying property: j:S0O; pood
! location: always rented; 117 a month. 7 Che-
nery St.. r.ff Thirtieth.
fXm—A BARGAIN.
j Cottace. o rooms and bath: In Mission; nearly
new; fine location; high basement; beautiful
F anle n ; sunny sHie of street: n^ar 2 car lines,
jni'bftructed view; cost $.1600. Box 2C.*>7, Call.
MODERN hru*es ar.d fiat* built at lowest
lr-l.e*: plans and estimate* furnished for all
t-uildlTig work. ''AMPliKLL. 1117 Mission at.
Itli.VL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR salf— J-alinas; licu.s* with corner tot 63 feet
front in Main street by 130 feet de-p; black-
smith shc-j). new windmill and tank; well
tenceU; «roaW qualify for saloon also; price
1750; if dr*ired $_">0 on mortua^e at 10 per
cent. Inquire at old brewery, llcrsry Sc'ninkel.
MA HIN CO.. 26 mile* frcm S. F.—tiO to ISO per
I acre; elicits la::c!s in tracts of all sizes: lm-
i proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. "grain.
fruit and veeetaMe lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit; cot>d schools. HOME ANI>
FARM CO.. room 2. Sth floor. Mills bldg.. S.F.
LEVEL cleared fruit land; 100 acres tlM). JlT
ORIFFtK. 71» Market, room 1. nr. Call bldg.
j it- GRIFFIN, 71> Market— 120 acres cheap; po-
tatceF. ap;ile«, berrie*. wood, water, hou^e.
FOR sale — Bargain; 70-acre ranch, near New-
HOOMS FOIl HOUSEKEEPING'
CHESTXUT. 2S31. North Beach— Furnished
housekeeping room; cheap; fine view: sunny.
EDDY. SIT— Very desirable furnished house-
| kefring roon'i; no children: private residence.
FOLSOM. 776'-,— 2 neatly furnished connecting
IrmsekeepinK rooms: also 1 single room.
! F«>LSOM. SS4— Larsce «unny bay-window room;
kitchen: bath; private: tl; also 2 others. $2.
| HARRISON. 731— Three rooms, furnished com-
; i>lete for houseke*-i)inp; larfce yard; rent ?13.
I HOWARD, £'29 — 2 largre sunny rooms for house-
keeping; running water: terms reasonable.
HOWARD, 94'V- Two rooms, housekeeping, $C;
| also single rooms.
! HOWARD. itZf. bet. 10th and 11th— 2 or 3 fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
JF.SSIE. 373. rear Fifth and Market-House-
keeping rooms, $9.
LARKIX. P«l — Large sunny rront. nicely fur-
nished. <S 10; small kitchen if desired.
MARKET, 16JS— Large sunny alcove and kitch-
en. $10; kitchen aad bedroom furnished, $7.
MARTHA place, 6. off Geary, bet. Mason and
Taylor — Sunny room single or 2 for hkpg; con.
McDEHMOTT place. 1. off Jones, bet. Eddy
and Turk— Two funny housekeeping: rooms.
j MISSION. 1111— Front suite of rooms, otfice or
lleht hoUBekeepir.B; other rooms; cheap.
NATOMA. 645—2 or 3 sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms; housekeeping; low rent.
PROSPECT place, 113. off California, nr. Pow-
eil— 1 or 2 rooms and kitchen. $10 to $15; ma-
rine view; sunny; no other roomers.
SACKAMEXTO. 1514— Large sunny front bay-
window room, second floor; elegantly fur-
nished; running water; grate; gas; light
housekeeping allowed.
i SIXTH, 420 — Bay-window housekeeping suite,
I $11; running water, bath; other rooms.
i SOUTH PARK. 1S4— Two sunny front rooms;
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
Sl'TTER. 1111. nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single, suites; also housekpg: terms reasonble.
THIRD. 262— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms. $1 50 week; single front rooms t3 mo.
VALENCIA. &34 L 2 — Housekeeping rooms; sunny
front room; connecting kitchen; furnished;
bath ; $12 50. •
VAN NESS. 43— Sunny front rooms for house-
keeping. $12 to $1S: single rooms for lady and
gentleman or 2 gentlemen. $6 to $12 00.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia ft.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220>i Fillmore «t-.
KOO3IS TO LET — Furn. and Infurn.
| A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 348 Sixth— Rooms
i 25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
; light; housekeeping; open all night.
__________ — . — ______________________________
BCRXETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms . suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLARA, 5-4. near Fourth— $5 & month; large
sunny furnished front room.
CLIFFORD, ?04 Ellt". cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished punny rooms; prices reasonable.
COLE, 761— A sunny front room, near Goldtu
Gate Park; rent }i a month.
EDDY. 2'M l », rear— Nice, sunny, furnished cor-
ner room; cheag.
FOLSOM, R34— $1 a week: large, sunny fur-
nifhed room; closet; bath: private.
FOLSOM, 9V>. corner Sixth— Suite of 3 elegant
cunny corner rooms, suitable for doctor.
FOLSOM, 965. cor. «th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished sunny rooms, single or suites; reascnbl.
FOURTH, 222'i— Nicely furnished bay-window
and single rooms; moderate; quiet.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; travelers accom'dated.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 8'<4— Travelers accommo-
dated; suites or single; 25c per night up.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
clngle; ladles' parlor; reading roem; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission St.— Select
family rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 7&4H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike: $1 week up.
HOWARD. C40— Sunny newly, furnished rooms,
from $1 23 to $2 60 per week.
HOWARD. SW, cor. 6th— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms reasonable; by day week or month.
HOWARD, F2S— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
2Se to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOTEL Francisco— -Elegant suites: single: trnn-
Kient: baths. MRS. KING, Turn and Taylor.
JESSIE, €2S, oft Seventh— 3 furnished rooms;
single or conn«*ctlng; cheap. ." : -_ J
LAKKIN. 17C2, near Washington — Room In pri-
vate family: rent. $3; board If preferred.
LOCUST ave.. 125, near Van Ness — 2 large front
rooms, $5 and $6 .'0 month. rv' : -
MCALLISTER, HOVs— Room suitable for 2 gen-
tlemen, $S; single room, $5; gas and bath.
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week: transient.
MISSION. 763 — Nice tunny furnished room, 2
bf-.li-; also two single rooms.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely furn.
rms.: 35c night, up; $2 week, up; transient.
O'FARRELL. SO — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean rms., suites or sln-
de; transient: running water: rates reduced.
RO?EDALE House, 319 and 221 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night. ISc to $1: week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. US Ellis *t.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per n'ght. 3->c to $1 50: week $2
to $8; month. t& to $20: elevator on office floor;
rooms v/ith hot and cold water; baths.
EHERMAN Apartment House. 2$ Eighth «t.,
near Market— Furnished »nd unfurnished.
STEVENSON, *20 — Sunny front rooms; single
or double; light housekeeping. ¦
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good' roomlnS' house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
TURK, 119— Nicely furnished rooms, with bath;
rent rca-onable, , ¦¦ , . . . .-:i;.-v
I____aBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
William J. Hannan, 37, Redding, and Carrie
M. Oreer..27. Reddine.
Harry G. Walters, 29, Stockton, and Minnie
Diehn. S2. 107 Collingwood street.
Henry L. Hoffmann. 2S, 1105 Vallejo street,
and Flora Bruenn, 22, 5 Florence place.
Alexander R. Hilleary, 29. 107 Mission street,
and Carrie I. Hennlnger, 24, 1715 McAllister st.
William H. Cone Jr., 24. 805-Eddy street, and
Isabella K. Williams. 21, 2216 California street.
Lawrence M. Lemon, 32. 135 Octavia street,
and. Mary E. Williams, 22, Yreka.
Jo3epli Penna. 43, 1324 Dupont street, and
Pauline Poerson,- 40, city.
Charlec E. Phettle, 3C, Salt Lake, and Delia
Hu.hes. IS. Wichita. Kans.
Herman Radick. 49. Red Bluff, and Maria
Riechara, 43, 62 Chesley, street.
William S. Konner, 25, 305 Eddy street, and
Mattie Johrnnsen, 36, 54 Sixth street.
Joseph Sibrian, 30. Concord, and Mamie Kel-
ler, 2J. 2?27 Washington street.
Relnhold Albreeht, 33, 1007'4 Market street,
and Evelyn M. Addison, 21, 717 O'Farrell street.
Louis D. Wolfe, 24. St. Helena, and Viola
Rhinfrank. SS, Kt. Helena.
Kmil Oppenheimor. 39. 1271 McAllister street,
and Haidee .Schwartz. 24, 194S Bush street.
Harry F. Dott, 26, city, and Ada Follansbee,
21. city.
Richards, a native of Louisiana, axed 63
years.
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral »*rvlce«
this day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at u»e
chapel of the Odd Fellows' Crematory.
SAND— In this city, Jtune 11, 1900, Walfer. be-
loved son of Joseph and the late Catherine
Sand, and brother of Fred, William, Joseph.
George and Laura Sand and Mrs. L. Glocker.
a native of San Francisco, aged 20 years.
(C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 644 Je3sie street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. •
SHEA— At Fourteenth avenue and R street.
South San Francisco, June 11, 1900, Cornelius,
beloved snn of Catherine and the late Patrick
Shea, and brother of Daniel and Michael
Shea Mrs. D. Daly. Mrs. John J. Kenelly
and the late John and Jarnes Shea, a native
of New Ynrk, aged 30 years.
STAXDRINO-In Oakland. June 10, 1900. Sarah
A. Standing, beloved mother of Mrs. J. H.
Pope. Mary E. Cook. Kmma M. Gohrman and
Ernest, Jefferson and Annetta Kins, a na-
tive of Tennessee, cged 73 years.
ST. SimE— In Alameda. June 11. 1900. Ellen
Dono^hue St. Sure, beloved mother of A.
F. and Frank A. St. Sure, a native of Fer-
moy, Ireland, aged S2 years 7 months and 23
(CT'The members of the Catholic Ladles' Aid
Society will hold services at the family resi-
dence 2312 Central avenue, this (Tuesday)
evening. Friends are Invited. Interment at
OrovlUe. Services in St. Thomas' Church at
. 9 a. m. Thursday.
WHALEN— In this city, June 9, 1900, Mary
Whalen, a native of County Galway, Ire-
land, ared 63 years. . •Notice to Passengers.
¦ Round-trip ; transfer tickets - on sale at
any of our offices. One trunk (round trip).
W cents. Morton Special , Delivery, , 403
Taylor street, 650 Market street, Oakland
ferry depot. ' ...«~_L. •
Charged <With Murder.
Vido Opusicto. who shot and fatally
wounded John \ Petrovich : a t " Stockton | and
Pacific streets Sunday, night, was yester
day booked at tho City PrlsoV on a charge
of murder, J Petrovich ihavlng^died during
the night. -Opusich 'did not seem tofeel
his position and" ¦was ¦ cool and collected.
He will be arraigned In the Police Court
this morning. .
Getting out a" paper, let us print it for you —
that's our business..' Mysell-nolllns. 22 Clay. •
THOMAS PRINGLE IS
ASPHYXIATED IN BED
Thomas Pringle, proprietor of a saloon
at 901 Larkln street, was found dead yes
terday morning on a lounge in a room
back of his saloon. The gas was turned
on but unlighted and the barroom was
filled with the suffocating fumes.
. Deputy Coroner Meehan found that the
key of the gas fixture was so loose that
even when It was turned off he could light
the gas that escaped from the connection
atthe thumbplebe. A note was found ad
dressed to his .barkeeper and brother-in
law. Alfred Barr>N requesting him to put
on "some water in the' morning for the
lager. --¦.•-"- ¦ -
Pringle was a ; married . man, 47 years
old. and a native of Scotland. There Is
little doubt that the death was acci
dental. The deceased lived with his wife
at 1020 Sutter street, but it-was his habit
to sleep In the room back of the saloon
whenever his business kept him up late.
There Is no headache In Jesse Moore whiskey.
That's because it Is pure.
portunlty of her career in the dainty play
let "Fifty Years Ago" that she is doing
at the Orpheum this week.
"Fifty Years Ag-o" is from the pen of
Hubert Henry Davies and is one of those
efforts that makes a place eager to claim
the man who wrote it. It is clever and
has Jus=t the requisite blending of pathos
and humor. It Is put in that picturesque
setting that carries one back to the days
of the stately minuet, and affords the
actress scope for her exquisite talent.
In contrast to the picture plavlet is the
fun-flooded "My Busy Day," in which Van
and Nobriga keep the laugh going for a
full half-hour. The Merrills, expert bicy
clists; Sidney Dean, the famous Austra
lian barytone; Mr. and Mrs. Jimmle
Barry. Camp and Hart and De Mar till
out the rest of the splendid bill.
Columbia.
After one has seen Keilar perform his
miracles the feats of the high class In
dian fakers appear . easy and common
place. The cabinet manifestations of spir
itual mediums are but cheap and trans
parent devices when placed alongside
tho?e of this wonderful magician. The
question is not what he can do but what
he cannot do. He causes an orange tree
to sprout from {he seed and to bear fruit,
which he picks off and distributes among
the audience, and at his bidding the most
beautiful roses bud and blccm. The levi
taticn of T*rincess Karnac Is a puzzler,
for there do not eeem to be any wires.
The body of«his comely assistant floats in
the air without any visible or for the mat
ter of that any invisible support. The
disappearing woman in the cage is one of
the most surprising illusions that have
ever been placed before the public. A
cage empty is hoisted half way between
the footlights and the proscenium, the
curtains being drawn. Another cage is
placed at the back of the stage and into
this is placed the Princess. The curtains
are lowered, shutting her from view, then
are thrown open again and the Princess
has disappeared. At the same moment
the curtains inside the suspended cage
fly up and show her inside it.
A cabinet is put together on the stage,
and sb soon as it is erected hands appear
playing tamborlnes and faces show them
pclves in the apertures. Then the struc
ture is taken down piecemeal, showing no
possible hiding place. The performance
is one of the best in its line that has ever
been given on the stage, and the audience
went away delighted, mystified, and with
a craving for more.
Fischer's Concert House.
Fischer's presents this week the usual
fu!l bill. Thc-so are the last few weeks of
the Lambardl opera quartet, and music
lovers will doubtless not neglect their op
portunity. A large audience last night
listened to the new programme, which in
cludes the fourth act from "Ernani." Miss
Isabella Underwood sang well her two
sonps, and the flute and clarionet solos of
C Holmfctead and C. Caeparl gave much
pleasure. Slgnor Abramotf sang the
"Palms." and did not quite hit it olf with
the orchestra, which apparently consid
ered itself leader In the adventure. There
was more than enough orchestra occa
sionally in the other vocal solos, too,
which should not be among such clever
players. The orchestral numbers were
greatly enjoyed.
Alcazar.
"Sapho" commenced its second week at
the Alcazar Theater last night and the
house was packed to the doors. Miss Flor
ence Roberts has made a decided hit In
the title role, and last night she and
Ernest Hastings received several curtain
calls. The play runs smoothly and will
without doubt nave crowded houses dur
ing the remainder of the week. To-mor
row night White Whittlesey will make his
appearance as leading man, Ernest Hast
ings' engagement concluding to-night.
Whittlesey made a most favorable impres
sion during his engagement last summer.
California,
There was a fair-sized audience to greet
Hoyt's "A Tin Soldier" at the California
Theater last evening. Dunne & 'Ryley's
company made every effort to please and
the applause given to a number of the
performers showed that the audience was
responsive. Amonc those recalled was
Miss Bessie TannehiU, whose vocal ability
was much appreciated. The Wiseman
Quartet was also well received. A num
ber of the selections provoked laughter.
Hoyt's "A Milk White Flag" will be pro
duced next week by the same company.
The Chutes.
The Chutes presented an excellent pro
gramme last night. GaJXney and Burton
en rs ADELEINE. or the Magic Kiss,"
I \l "\ hy eian s e and Edwards, was re-
Jl lhJ\ vived at the Tlvoll Opera-house
last night. The legend on which
the opera is based is one that lends itself
well to draraat'c treatment- The Baron
de Grirsm. a centenarian, is to be reju
venated by twenty-tive ypars, once, twice.
thrice — provided he can find an unklssed
maiden who will bestow upon him her
maiden ki^s. Such a maiden he does Jin<
in bis ward Madeleine. He Is once more
25 and is about to seal his wedded bliss
with another kiss when ho learns through
a rival that this kiss will be as deathtul
as the others were life— pivingr. This fur
nishes a most effective situation for the
•olimax of the second act. In the third act,
Ijy the easy expedient of showing that the
rival has lied, everything is brought to a
happy conclusion.
'Tis a pity thst the author has marred
this pretty story by the Introduction of
stale and vulgar attempts at humor in
The character of a man-hunting widow,
who ha.« buried eIx husbands and is look
jng for a seventh. The lady who was con
demned to piay this part played it to the
bitter end, to the evident enjoyment of
J2*my of the "gentler" sex. though how
women can laugh at puch a libelous and
libidinous caricature on their sex passes
the comprehension of man.
Mr. Hartman is such a good actor that
he could not help beirs: mildly funny as
the Doctor in spite of the lines. Mr.
Stevens was excellent as the Baron, and
Miss Lichter's voice, after her needed
rest, came out fresh and more charming
than ever.
The chorus has evidently received some
desirable additions, and the orchestra, un
d>-r the new leader. Mr. Batcheler, Is kept
In its proper place as the accompanist,
ljot the leader, of the slnperp.
L. DU PONT SYLE.
Orpheum.
Tiff sr Lillian Burkhart has found the op-
James Tyson said that between Third
and fourth streets and Channel the navi
gation was fairly easy, but that great dlf
iieuKy was experienced in getting the ves
sels alongside the wharf. H. M. Newhall
said navigation between Fourth and Fifth
on Channel street was almost impossible
and that dredging would have to oe done
at once or else vessels could not get above
the Fourth-street bridge a month from
«ow. The property owners between Fifth
and Sixth .streets on Channel agreed to
pay their pro rata of the cost of aredging.
Finally on motion of Commissioner Her
old the board decided to advertise for bids
for the work. It is the intention to make
tne creeK navigable from its mouth as far
west as Sixth street for all kinds of coast
ing vessels. This will greatly improve the
sewerage of the Mission and the stench
at the Fourth and Sixth street bridges
will be considerably abated in conse
quence,; ¦ ¦ .':¦:;,.:¦;. ¦ <.'-. :.,::¦. \-iS/
Harbor Hospital Kept Busy.
A son of A. PaladinI, the llsh man, and
nephew of Joe Barbadoes, Crlmmlns'
County Committoeman. kept the Harbor
ambulance on the move yesterday. The
youngster wus knocked down by a heavy
freight wagon on Washington street, near
Sansome. and two of his ribs were broken.
A call was sent to the Harbor Hospital
and the ambulance responded. In the
meantime the lad had been carried into a
drugstore and a doctor was in attendance.
He Jixed the child up. but when Barbadoes
appeared on the scene he insisted that tho
city and county would attend to the case
and that the doctor waa not necessary.
Paladini insisted upon his son being sent
home, however, and the ambulance was
sent back to the hospital. The horses were
hardly put away before a call came for it
to hurry back to Sansome and Washing
ton streets, as the relatives had decided
finally to send the child to the emergency
hospital. While the ambulance was on its
way back to the drugstore Paladini
changed his mind again and the boy was
sent home. A second time the ambulance
went back to tbe hospital empty, much to
the. disgust of the driver.
Louis Jorgensen. a lumber man, was
badly injured at 134 Main street yester
day. He was sawing some planking when
a- knot was struck and the piece of tim
ber flew apart. One piece struck Jorgen
sen on the chin and cut his lip through.
His wound was dressed by. Drs. Robinson
and Bauer at the Harbor Hospital.
:^- .Water, Front Notes.
The Hawaiian bark Roderick Dhu will
sail ,next Thursday for- Hllo with the
American flag flying from her jack. On
that day the islands become, a portion of
United States territory^ and the clipper
will therefore be entitled to fly the stars
and stripes from that date on. The
Roderick Dhu will take away all the cargo
she can carry, while her cabin will be
crowded with passengers.
The British ship Kensington got away
for Europe yesterday. She had laid in the
stream for a fortnight awaiting a crew,
but finally secured her men and sailed.
The Kosmos* liner Luxor sailed for Ham
burg via Central and South American
ports yesterday. She took away every
pound of freight she could carry and con
siderable merchandise h'ad to be left be
hind.
The State tug Governor PcrTcins struck
a snag near Lime Point Sunday and lost
vail the blades of her propeller. She was
towed to the quarantine station at Angel
Island and will come to the city to-day
for an overhauling.
Hartman and Stevens Act Finely
and Miss Lichter Sings Well
in "Magic Kiss."
MARRED BY STALE
EFFORTS AT FUN
The Widow Says Her Husband Had
Threatened Suicide and Her
/Sister Hints at an Es
trangement.
A young New York Jeweler, evidently a
college man and reputed to have once
been wealthy, committed suicide In the
Eugene, a rooming house at 265 O'Farrell
street. Sunday afternoon. Chauncey A.
Hawkins was the despondent man's nsune,
and he killed himself by taking morphine.
He left a letter giving financial troubles
and lack of employment as the causes of
his desire for death. But an estrange
ment with his wife is hinted at.
Hawkins'., wife resides at 752 South
Spring street, Los Angeles. He came to
The Eugene a week ago and little is
known of him. On Sunday at 11 a. m.
the Japanese bedmaker knocked at "the
door for the purpose of making the bed
and was answered by Hawkins from
within that he need not come in, as he
was turning In for a nap. The body was
found yesterday forenoon and decomposi
tion had proceeded_so fast that-the corpse
was black and the. air -of the room was
unbearable. In the right hand of the
dead man was ' a handkerchief pressed
against the nostrils, and in' the vest
pocket was a paper box containing mor
phine.
Letters found on the person of the sui
cide'showed that he was a jeweler and
had but recently arrived from New York
City, where he had many college friends,
who seemed to be very much surprised
at his recent marriage. On the bureau of
the room in which Hawkins died was a
letter written in pencil and addressed to
Mrs. C. A. Hawkins, 751 South Spring
etreet, Los Angeles. It was dated June 7,
1900, and was despondent in tone. The fol
lowing' are extracts:
"Neither Shreve nor other Jewelers
could offer me anything till fall. But
when Sunday I learned that Thayer had
gone 1 began to feel that the end was
not far off, and when on Monday I found
out from a clergyman tnat Church would
not be here till July, then I knew it. For
give me, though it Is a thing I little de
serve; yet forgive me and pray for me,
for I shall need your prayers. Once more,
dear, 1 embrace you and entreat you to.
if it be possible, remember me for good.
• When Mrs. Hawkins was seen, last night
at the Victoria Hotel, in Los Angeles,
where she occupies a suite, she was too
ill to converse at arn' length regarding
the death of. her husband. She Jiad not
been officially notified of his demise and
clung to the hope that an error in Iden
tity had been made.
"There are many Hawkinses in this
world," she said.
The widow's sister stated that Hawkins
came to Los Angeles one and a half years
ago and that at one time he was wealthy,
but was not now, and had gone to San
Francisco a week ago to seek employ
ment. He managed some years ago a
jewelry business in New York City, she
said.
While he was but 23 years of age, Haw
kins' suicide was not unexpected. Mrs.
Hawkins said that he had threatened to
do away with himself on many previous
occasions. Ho leaves no children and be
sides his wife his only known relative is
Mrs. C. M. Hawkins, 350 Fulton street,
Jamaica, N. Y. •
That a possible estrangement existed
between husband and wife is based on
the statement made bv the sister that the
deceased had always said that he pre
ferred and so wished that his mother
should be notified of his death and that
she would look after, his remains. .
©-?"-*—?-*> — •- <S> -?-' <f» -?- <z>-*— .«, ~»~-<%, -?_ g)
did some clever cakewalklng. , Deets and
Don appeared In several new and novel
dances. Basco and Rice, acrobatic come
dians; Dutch Walton.. musical artlst.\and
Gates and Clark continued their: success
of last week. New moving pictures and a
very laughable sketch by William Basco
conclude a good bill.
Grand Opera-House.
"The Girl From Chili'.' will not. prove a
drawing card at the Grand Opera-house.
There is neither plot nor spectacular ef
fect to the . performance - and in conse
quence .. it . drafts along:. - through three
dreary acts. There Is rot a redeeming act
in the whole performance ¦ and the girl
from Chill should get her heart's desire
apd "die in Sausallto.'i . .
He Was Probably a College
Man and Had Once Been
Wealthy.
YOUNG JEWELER
FROM NEW YORK
KILLS HIMSELF
THE Sar.ta Fe Railroad Company's
ffrry steamer Ocean Wave was
riven a ri:n around the bay yester
day for the purpose of cpenins up
Tier encines. In the course between her
new berth ct the foot of Clay street and
ih, 1 lr.r.dir.2 at Point Richmond the
etsasser occupied forty-five minutes from
Tho steatser ;cft this side at about 1
o'clock and had quite a. number of pa»-
Fcr^er?. arsons whom were: Captain A.
H. Pcysrn. vico president.: V.\ G. Serein,
{rcr.crs.i na-.ascr: A. O. Well's, general
\V. B. Story- chief «>ngi-
Ticer: V. LJ. Sution, secretary to general
ma&acer: C. C. Rpmelln. secretary to gen
eral f u-vrintendent; John J. Byrne, pen
tral par.serger agent, a. few non-otHciai3
cr.fi representatives of The Call.
The Ocean \Vav» is a transformed ferry
boat nr.d irns built in Portland in 1831.
She Trari purchased by the Santa F<? line
«».r.d brought to San l"rcr.eisco, where she
was entire!:' remodeled at merest expense.
and is to-day In first-class condition and
almost entirely new. Her trial run was up
to expectations, though her captain, II.
P. Lauriizer. .and ChW Engineer Edward
.u.ahoney o.ro thoroughly sat!sf<?d that
after her bearir.srs wear smooth th? Ocean
Wave will d» the distance in *j minutes
or less without crowding.
On raachine the terminus on the other
side of the bay the officials made a gen
eral inspection of the tracks and the un
finished passenger depot. The work has
progressed sufficiently to guarantee the
completion in time to have the first pas
.fwnper train r>u!l into the depot as per
schedule, on July 1.
At low tide there Is a depth of tvrenty
four fe<«t of water at all places at the
Point, which rllows large-draft vessels
to co alongside to receive or • discharge
frcighi to or from the cars direct.
The party watched with interest the big
steam shcvel pick up heavy bowlders
weighing several tons and place them on
the flatcars. The excursionists returned
to the city well satisfied with the trip.
Rebuilt Ferry-Boat Makes Trip to Point Richmond.
The Harbor Commissioner?, some repre
sentatives of the Chamber of Commerce
and a number of property owners on
Channel street held a conference yester
day in the new ferry depot. Channel street
or Mission Creek has been silting up for
the past year and now there Is hardly
water enough for the lumber vessels to
reach their dock. The entire creek as far
as tids water is controlled by the Harbor
Commission, and the interested parties are
anxious that the board should dredge the
waterway to a sufficient depth to enable
the lumber fleet to enter and leave at all
stages of the tide.
It Was Becidf d Yesterday at a Con
ference of the Harbor Commis
sioners and Property Own
ers to Do the Work.
Mission Creek to Be Dredged
From Third to Sixth
Streets.
NEWS OF THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
An ordinance was passed to print at year
terday's meeting of the Board of Super
visors Imposing license taxes upon per
sons, firms and corporations engaged in
the business of loaning money at interest,
receiving deposits, discounting notes or
warrants or buying and selling gold and
silver coin or currency or notes or bills of
exchange and sold anjd silver bullion: also
providing for the examination by the Tax
Collector of such persons, firms and cor
porations touching the amount of their
receipts. Following are the graduated
licenses r Those whose total receipts shall
exceed the sum of $2,000,000 per quarter
shall pay a license of $600 per quarter;
over $1,000,000 and less than $1,500,000, $400
per quarter; over $500,000 and less than
$1,000,000, $200 per quarter; under $500,000,
$100 per quarter.
Each license Issued under the provisions
of the ordinance is to be designated
"banker's license," and a sworn statement
or an affidavit must be made that all
questions touching the receipts have been
truly answered.
Tho effect of the ordinance will be that
in future large revenues will accrue to the
city from the bank3 that hitherto have
been practically exempt from license
taxes.
On Brandenstpin's motion the Judiciary
Committee was directed, to frame an or
dinance raising the license on pawnbrok
ers from $31 to $60 per quarter.
The ordinance providing for the ex
tension of tne pound limits to the county
line was up for final passage before the
board. After a long discussion, in which
citizens were heard on both sides of the
question, the bill was referred to the Joint
committee on Police and Streets for ac
tion. The committee will meet Wednes
day, June 20, at 4 p. m., to hear final ar
gument.
Garret McEnerney. attorney for the
Dairymen's Union, addressed the board in
opposition to the proposed ordinance. He
represented that it it were passed it would
be impossible for the members of the as
sociation to conduct their business, as it
would be under the surveillance of the
poundkeeper. The industry had $100,000 in
vested, a payroll of ?G0O0 and 2000 men em
ployed. The land occupied for dairy uses
was not tit for any other purpose and the
owners would be driven el3ewhere. Mc-
Enerney was followed on the same lines
by M. Johnson, chairman of the Dairy
men's Union; Henry Levy of the Butch
ers' Board of Trade, II. < Sherwood of the
Produce Kxchange and T. J. Parsons of
the State Board of Trade. Mr. Parsons
held that no onorous restriction should
be placed on a legitimate business that
was not detrimental to the interests of the
community.
C. J{. Holbrook, secretary of tiie So
ciety" for Prevention of Cruelty to Ani
mals, denied a charge made by one of the
speakers that the pound employes had
broken down fences and allowed cattle to
escape.
Reed said that something should
be done to prevent cattle from roaming
about the public streets. He advised cer
tain regulations on that point without ex
tending the pound limits to where the ac
tual busfness of dairying Is carried on.
His motion to recommit the ordinance to
a joint committee prevailed.
Miscellaneous Business.
An ordinance imposing a license of $100
for each annual intercollegiate football
game, to be paid prior to the commence
ment of the game, was indefinitely post
poned.
A resolution was adopted directing the
rejection of the demand of the Mutual
Savings Bank for tho refunding of $23,
604 10 taxes paid under protest.
Ordinances giving authority to the Coro
ner to appoint a* matron for the Morgue
at a salary of $tJO per month; to the Re
corder to appoint two index clerks and
one messenger; to the County Clerk to
appoint a messenger, and to the Sheriff
to appoint four guards to superintend the
work of prisoners on the jail farm and
county roads were laid over for one week.
The City Attorney was directed to ren
der an opinion as to whether the South
ern Pacific Company has ownership in fee
of the land situated on Sherman avenue,
between Wyoming avenue and the old
San Jose road, whereon is erected an ob
structing fence.
Shea <fc Shea were authorized to employ
a watchman to look after the personal
property of the city located in the Hall
of Justice and Morgue buildings.
An ordinance was passed to print au
thorizing the appointment by the board
of an assistant clerk to be assigned to the
stationery department at a salary of $125
per month and fixing his bond at $3000.
The clerk of the board was directed to
advertise for proposals for printing 1500
volumes containing municipal reports, the
whole cost not to exceed $5000.
Every department, board and commis
sion was directed to render to the Mayor
a full report of all their operations for
the fiscal year 1900. .
The resolution providing for the selec
tion of a site for the new City and County
Hospital went over, pending the recom
mendation of the Board of Health.
The ordinance empowering the Board of
Health to quarantine districts in the city
was llnally passed.
The ordinance regulating the construc
tion of theaters and providing for proper
escape facilities in case of fire was finally
passed. The ordinance was prepared by
Commissloner Manson of the Board of
Public Works and is founded on the one
now in effect in New York.
Supervisors Comte, Jennings, McCarthy
and Connor were added to the Committee
on Public Utilities. The Mayor announced
that the Committee on Artificial Lights
will meet to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock
to consider the lighting of streets by in
candescent gas lamps. •
Rsferred to Committees.
The following petitions, protests and
communications were referred to commit
tees: ,.':'\
From property-owners, to have Loulsburg
street, between Geneva and Mount Vernon ave
nues, declared an open public street.
From property-owners, requesting; that meas
ures be taken to suppress the annoyance to
which they are subjected through the miscon
duct of the boys of the Hebrew Orphanage.
From the Precita Valley Improvement Club,
for the grading, macadamizing and sewering of
Manchester street, between Precita avenue and
Stoneman street.
By Mrs. A. I. Leary, against the grade of
Sixth street, between Bryant and Brannan.'
Frrom VJohn F. English, demanding that he,
being the lowest bidder, be awarded the con
tract for furnishing potatoes and cabbages to
the City and County Hospital for the next tlscal
>6 From Rosenthal, Feder.& Co.. stating that
with their bid for supplies for the branch jails
and City Prison they have furnished samples
of Eastern and California made shoes, and ask
in" that the latter be given due recognition.
From MurdGck & Doud, submitting a propo
sition to license certain kinds of street adver-
Krora Building Movers" Protective Associa
tion, inclosing a resolution in favor or Impos
ing a license of $50 per annum on housemovers.
From San Francisco and San Mateo Electric
Railway. Company, stating that the city's pro
portion of its receipts from January 1.-1899. to
MaV'31, 1900. was $3T.O6 21, which it was ready
to pay Into the treasury upon notincation.
--.From the Board of Fire Commissioners, sug
gesting the passage of an ordinance requiring
owners of buildings to notify It when proposing
to burn paint off buildings, which latter action
caused the burning " of the Lafayette school
structure.
From National Athletic Club, for permission
to hold a boxing exhibition in July.
From flsh . dealers and their employes, re
questing passage, of an, ordinance regulatlmr
hours of labor In fish markets. , K
Official Communications.
• Communications we re, received from th*»
Board of Public Works recommending th«
fuU acceptance of the roadway of Twenty
fifth street, between • Guerrero and Pni^
Oaks; that a 12-Inch Ironstone pipe »«¦„
be laid in Leavenworth street, between
Francisco , and Bay: that ; artificial stnnn
sidewalks : be laid on . the south l side «?
Hayes street, between Cole and Shrlder
and approving the project of the \\ll'
chants'- Association: for the removal «»
street sweepings: T 1 "** 1 °r
Contracts were awarded for tho furnlW
Extension of Pound Limits to County
Line Discussed and Referred to *
Jcint Committee on Po
lice and Streets.
Ordinance Passed to Print
Which Will Yield Large
Revenue.
HEAVY LICENSE
TO BE IMPOSED
ON THE BANKS
SANTA FE'S FERRY STEAMER
OCEAN WAVE GIVEN A RUN
SWIMMERS TO COMPETE
AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB
Experts "Will Contest for Honors.
Many Entries for the Various *
Events.
A "swimming night" will be held at the
Olympic Club to-morrow evenings Sid Ca
vill, the teacher of aquatics, has arranged
an -excellent programme. - Many expert
swimmers of the dub have entered and
some exciting sport is promised.; The en
tries for the various events are as fol
low:
50-yard handicap race: First heat A Pane
scratch; K J. Connolly. 2 J£JE?a.J^3y?i
seconds: Y\. Bylnstpn. 5 seconds; ¦ W. King, 7
seconds- Second. heat-D. Carroll. Bcratch: A.
Taylor, 2 seconds; F. Burnett. 3 seconds; C.
Clough 4 seconds; J. Kin*. 7 seconds. Third
heat— C. Melrose. 1 second: L. Hammersmith. 2
seconds: R. C. Hartman. 2 seconds: A. D. GIs
ler, o seconds; R. Bowman, 6 seconds; F. Do
ran, S seconds.
Second event-50-yard juvenile race.
fe! ! |or < S.d V c n a t 7lil 0 - yard " h!bUion race ' by Prt> "
Fourth event. 100-yard handicap race: First
«£"£• Pape> l second: A. Taylor. 3 seconds;
K c. Hartraan. 4 seconds ; G. Habenicht. 7 sec
onds. Second heat— D. Carroll, scratch: S.
L#ary. 5 seconds; F. Duran,' 5 seconds: O.
fenerry. 10 seconds. Third heat— C. Melrose. 1
second; I,. Hammersmith, 4 seconds; »E. Con
nelly, 6 seconds. . .
Fifth event, diving, to consist of five dives,
stralRht. high, back and two fancy dives: Con
testants—F. rniran, D. Carroll. I* Hammer-
"Want Streets Extended.
At a meeting of the Precita Valley Im
provement Club last night President J. B.
Vizzard stated that Secretary Young -had
drawn up a petition requesting that Man
chester street from Stoneman to Precita
avenue and Bryant street from Twenty
sixth to Army be graded and sewered. A
request was made that Superintendent
McLaren of Golden Gate Park lay out
Bernal Park, which has recently been
filled In.
NINTH OF SEPTEMBER
HEADQUARTERS OPENED
Four Booms in Palace- Hotel Secured
for Transaction of Celebra
tion Business.'
-Will D. Shea, secretary of the joint Dth
of September celebration of the Native
Sons of the Golden West, has opened
headquarters in rooms 190. 191, 192 and 193
on the lirst floor of the Palace Hotel.
One of the rooms has been fitted up for
the use of the secretary and his assist
ant, Charles A. Boldemann, and there
during the day and evening any one hav
ing business with the committee in con
nection with the celebration will find some
one in constant attendance to impart such
information as may be desired.
All communications intended for the
committee should be addressed to these
headquarters. As soon as it becomes gen
erally known that they have been opened
there will no doubt be busy times there.
The other three rooms have been fitted
up for the use of the sub-committees and
the grand marshal, S. V. Costello. That
official will visit the headquarters daily
for the purpose of keeping in touch with
the work of the sub-committees and re
ceiving ideas in relation to the grand pa
rade which is being planned.
The joint committee will hold a meet
ing next Friday evening in Native Sons'
Hall, when one of the members will make
a motion that at the succeeding one each
member of the committee, numbering
about 150. present one or more suggestions
as to what would make an attractive fea
ture for the celebration, hoping in that
manner to obtain a great number of ideas
and preventing any one after the cele
bration from saying that he did not have
an opportunity of offering something that
would have been a very attractive card.
The parade committee will meet in the
new headquarters to-morrow night to can
vass what has already been done by the
individual members.
A number of- ideas have already been
offered as to floats for the parade. One
of these is tha,t there should a model
of the first public school that stood on
Portsmouth Square, or the Plaza, as it
was called in early days, and that John
C. Pelton, the pioneer educator, who waa
the first teacher, should occupy a place on
that float.
ADELBERT E. KELLOGG
GIVEN A RECEPTION
Public Recognition of Popular Teach
ers' Club President a Social
Event o£ Importance.
Adelbert E. Kellopg. who has. been pres
ident of the San Francisco Teachers' Club
for two years, was tendered a reception
last ni?ht at the clubrooms in tbe Mer
cantile Library building, which was at
tended by over 200 prominent teachers and
educators. Mr. Kellogsr was formerly
president of the State Teachers" Associa
tion; is an author of several text books
now in use in the State schools, has al
ways been an advocate of broader educa
tion and is now active in the work.
The affair was informal and everybody
had a good time. Stanford and Berkeley
universities were well represented. All of
the members of the Board of Education
were present, and nearly every educa
tional Institution in the State had soma
representative present. Miss Pearl Hos
sack and Robert Lloyd rendered solos, and
the German Club sang songs in which
everybody who understood the lansrunso
joined". There were many delightful sur
prises during the evening.
A feature of the evening was the Intro
duction of four new members. They are:
Mifs E. B. McFadden of the Kormal
School, Miss Josephine Saunders, princi
pal of the Edison School: S. S. Sturges,
vice principal of the John Swett School,
and Miss Elvira Berard.
ing of supplies to the City and County
Hospital, Almshouse and branch jails.
Street Work Ordered.
Resolutions were adopted favoring the
following street work, the expense to t>e
assessed against private property:
Treat avenue southerly, from Precita ave
nue to Its termination. Ironstone pipe culverts:
Twentieth street, between Castro and Noe, bitu
men pavement and granite curbs: crosslns or
Steiner and Vallejo streets, bitumen roadway,
artificial stone sidewalks with granite curbs;
Seventh street, between Berry and Channe.,
basalt block pavement and eranite curbs;
crossings of Tenth avenue and I and H streets,
pradin?. macadamizing and wooden curbs;
Castro'rtreet. between Twenty-sixth and Army,
same: Bryant street, from Twenty-sixth to
Army, ironstone pipe sewer; Eighteenth street,
near Utah, ironstone pipe sewer: Sixth street,
between Irwln and Hubbell, basalt block pave
ment and granite curbs; Waller street, between
Fillmore and Steiner. stone sidewalks; Seventh
street, between Sixteenth and Hubbell. basalt
block pavements; Vallejo street between Fill
more and Steiner. basalt block and bitumen
pavement; westerly side of Angelica street,
from Nineteenth to the southerly termination
of Angelica, artificial stone sidewalks: Rhode
Island street, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third, grading, ironstone pipe sewer,
curbs and eutterways: Brodsrick street, be
tween Lombard and Chestnut, macadamizing,
curbing and grutterways: Twenty-third street,
between Rhode Island and De Haro, grading.
smith. F. Burnett, J. Bevana. TV. Eylngton. A.
Ta>lor, O. Fei.ton. A. D. Gtisler.
Sixth event— Greasy pole.
i Seventh event, water polo: Final match— A'9
vs. G's.
The officials are: Geo«ce James, referee: Emll
Fambach and K. Metivse. judges; John A.
Hammersmith, starter; A. M. Stone, cleric o£
course. v
TH'JS-BAB- FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 1900.
12
You ought Just to Sec
The Low Prices
We are Selling?
I.lraoges French China
Just Come to Look.
Great Alarm kimrt&s Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
M-tU Or»nt AT«. tlteu Sutler aa<X J*oit)«
SCI Market St. tOpp. Fow«Ui.
140 Sixth St. *
X5S Hares St. tit Third St.
1419 Folk St. til Montgomery Ar%
lilt Mission St. 106 Larkln St.
SOCS Sixteenth St. 1?13 Dev!sad*ro 9t.
14( Ninth St. KS Halsht St. ',
rcos Fillmore St. tttS Mission St. ¦
U Market St. 27X2 14 th St. *3 W
OAKLAND STORES.^
iOS3 TVMhlnctoa ac «» ET12th St.
1»7 Broad war. H« Ud A vs. »£!
1510 ScrcaU St. . _ . U5S Far* St.. *'«"*»*%
THE CALL'S
Home Study Circle.
SEYMOUR EATON,
Director-
SUMMER COURSES,
Beginning Friday, June 29.
-L./ American Political Parties.
II. The Discoverers aid Explorers of
North America.
. III. Famous Art Galleries of the
World.
\\ Historic Studies In Home Fur-
nishing:.
V. Comparative Studies of Two Cen-
¦• luriJS.
VI., Literary Talks and Reminis-
cences.
Hale'*. I s . Sale's.
_ .'I---- - ¦ ¦----»---- ,-.-1 — JX-lTu-l'-L-LTuTJI. ~l -LI-J-U-U-l-l. -|.-_~. ¦¦¦¦¦"¦
£osiS^Bsk ?"= I
> "'Hate's for out- /iteJ'"" '"' ft
I ladies' suits M
\ sale of ladies' man tailored suits in this season's correct styles E3
e at oreatlv reduced prices now on— see window display; suits up 9
to $25 oo included-four lots, $5 oo, $7 5©. $«> oo and $15 00. g
! silk waists m
' value exceptional— silk waists, made from good quality taffeta B
: silk beautifully corded and tucked, stock collar, flaring cuffs, prc- 53
vailing shades, sizes 32 to 42, each and every waist worth $5 00. di- U
! vided into two lots ?2 95 and $3 50 M
i fancy silk. household linens w
I when we say' it's a broken lot good, serviceable and low Fj
jj we tell the reason for the price, priced. 53
i some 125 styles of 19-inch Q QZ initial towels, heavy M
> striped silks of this season s buy- w jjj te turkish towel, with colored l?j
ing. new and correct patterns, woven border and initial, fringed. S
I vard -°? c 23x48 inches, each 25c 5j
1 bl?ck serge— Hale's famous No. .. , r|
„ fun 4 6*inch-wide guaranteed 10 pieces tur.key red table dam- «l
» all wool black serge in hard fin- *sk. 54 inches wide. .3 different H
\ ; 'h oer yard . 60c patterns, yard 20c Grf
; children's hose y op rent g
3 the Hale's "good goods" kind — j > «
'£ 100 doz misses' and boys' scam- j present premises to rent, for oc- gt
i less fast black cotton hose. me-|cupancy about September, 1st. at •]
I di"m weight, deep glossy blaek. 'which time we expect to move to Bti
I extra double knees, splendi-l;our new home— the model dry B
5 value, 3 pair for socigoods quarters of the Pacific. K3
hammocks— low-prlce«1. but rood and reasonably serviceable, cotton v o v «n. Q
I stretcher and pillow, each • • V?SJ P8
I trunk— 30x32 Inches, nicely lined, tray, two straps goln* nearly around, brass fcj
I lock canvas covered: worth Jfi 00; offered at ** §• fTj
i en curt fancy reed body, steel wheels, with brake... «jj £j
habv carriage hood top. stefl wheels, with brake, upholstered In cretonne. .$7 2o ti
\ B ardrn set. 3 'pieces, per set.. H*. K*. 25c to 5«c Wl
) cups and saucers, flowers blue »'« rg
• plate bowl &nd nappies tomatch ..........••...•..••....•.•••••••••• luc is
THE
OUR GRAMOPHONE
REVOLUTIONIZED.
Silence is golden in the
presence oF an ordinary
talking machine— but the
man who made the proverb
would take it back if he
S heard the Zon-o-phone.
TTPE A
Is cr. exceedingly handsome machine. enca»ed
In a quartered-oak cabinet, j.iano finish, p!!^
:ar<1 corners, with sides of beveled plnte elnr*.
showing working of the rnecbanlsm. Furnished
v-ith burnis!ie# brass horn. Price, 9 25.00.
OTHER TLAINEU STYLES AT $20.00 and
822.5O.
Fitt. Imperishable disc records have always
tieen one of the distinctive features of our
trade, and In no branch of our business have
there b«-n made eo many and t-o marvelous ad-
vanr-es es in the art of recording and repro-
6uc'.re sound.
RECOHDS. ttOc each. Complete descriptive
eatalogrue sent free. Zon-o-phones constantly oo
exhibition at
Sberman, Clay & Co.'s Mflsic Bouse,
¦ CORNER KEAItXY AND SUTTER STS., 6. F.