boss or an nnfortunats Oiwvuy of OS*
hostile camp. he rode toward the crest ©5
the hill, and not being anxious to find any
more mutilated bodies, he avoided th«
trail. The darkness was still so great
that one might not tee an object on the
ground while riding- along, but the side
wise Jump and the low snort of the pony;
told that the whole field waa strewn with)
the same horrible objects which had been
encountered down by the river, a rails
away from where the last victim lay oa
the crest of the hill, on the highest point
of the ridge. ¦£.'.,'¦¦ -it
Riding down near the river, tius scout
found the Indian night herd In charge of
an ¦ old Indian, from, whom he secured
some little Information before the old xomxk
suspected an enemy and gave the alarm,
which sent him hurriedly across the UN
tie Big Horn on a mad flight for fifty
miles to the south pursued for an hour
by fifty mounted warriors. It waa after
the Indians had been returned to the
reservation again that Orouard. or, aa U>«
Sioux call him, the "Grabber," Mecored
the other details of that awful day's car
nage. It has long been known that Cua
ter's men -were all slain to a> man, and
Reno's division was held In mxrencbmo&ta
at a distance by the enemy. Reno knew
Ouster had met with loss, bet he knew no
particulars; he "knew that some ©t Cos
ter's men were dead, for he saw Indiana
in soldier's garments by 3 o'clock in tha
afternoon. Curly, the Crow Indian scout,
had escaped from the Custer command.
i>ut Curly was evidently so busy In his
j-urried flight he had but little tiina for
taking notes, and one Cannot wonder when
they consider for a time that terrlflo vor
ex of dear* which swept away the whols
«f Custer's brave
command. The only
reliable account of
that last gallant
stand mu3t be ona
Klven by an eye
witness and one
who had the time to
look on from a point
Continued on Paara Twa.
The night was Just falling when the Ion*
scout, clad in an Indian blanket and look
ing Sioux, reached the trails lately made
by the soldiers. The darkness came on
rapidly and the rain fell upon the trails,
so that by the time the scout had come to
the point of the separation of the divisions
the greatest skill of "this man of the plains ¦
was for a time baflled. In the darkness
all was incongruity; in the. several trails
where the man looked for but one. trail.
For a time this seemed like a battlefield
itself. The sharp - eyes of the trained .
frontiersman, assisted by the keener eyes
of the little mare, enabled Groua^d
to follow the trail : down <« to , the
river, where for some reason the
command had failed to make a
section tinder Custer, but differing wl«»
him In the plan row under headway he
had pone to his po3t with Crook, near
Sheridan. Just at this time Crook was
on the higher foothills of the Big Horn
Mountains with some of hia men, engaged
In a hunting tour. Grouard was gulda
for this party, and by cnance had his at
tention drawn far across the lowlying hills
toward the Rosebud, where he saw. as he
said, some strange signal fires. The offi
cers of the party scanned the country
with their glasses, only to laush at the
idea of this half native scout beinjj able
to read a message In the smoke of a few
lires some fifty miles away. Grouard was
positive, and said that Custer's division
was even now In conflict with the Indiana
who were outnumbering him and contend
ing with victory on their side.
* Still the scout was not believed, and to
prove the truth of this story of the slgmal
fires Grouard set forth in the afternoon
upon his trusty black mare for the place he
expected to find strewn with soldier dead.
Thlssoxt of maneuvering was
Indicative of serious trouble on the part
of him .who was Issuing., the commanas,
and the caution of the scout was doubled
for his own safety. Without knowing; It
Grouard at, this time passed in •;prox
imity,'to"; the; point where Reno's division
lay intrenched, and, rocte into the"-very
field of conflict before he was aware of it.
Thus far he had not heard a sound or
seen a sight of any ; living thing.. This
might seem strange to those not accus
tomed to- the :¦ modes" of Indian warfare,
when it is, known that there lay near at
hand t,he remaining ~ portion of. Reno's
command,^ and 'besides this • the great
camp of hostile Sioux was but a short
distance further on. Caution being: never
- ' ¦¦ . .'.. -¦¦ ¦'.'¦¦¦'¦-'¦-.<. ¦ ¦
lacking: In a scou^ a sudden start, a snort
and a refusal to advance on the part of
the pony brought the wily Grouard /rora
the saddle to the ground in an Instant,
and led him to investigate a darker streak
of darkness which lay across the. path
way.
The uninitiated might have fled away In
terror, or yith a shriek have made escape
impossible, had such a one found his
hand touch the cold naked body of a man
as did the hand of this brave Kanaka.
He d»-ew a long breath, he says, and
passed his hand along the rigid body to
the head! to learn the remainder of the
horrible story.
His reading of the flres -was correct,
for his hand came in contact with a
small blood clotted "place from which the
savage knife had cut away the coveted
scalp lock of a United States trooper. This
lone scout lost no time in mounting hia
horse, for experience had taught him that
where there are dead troopers there are
likely to be live Indians. Fearing an am-
tfce location anfl the \V \V%ffl®
vast numbers of th<» 8
Bloux then at hand. V^VO^
At this time Crook
T.-as encamped V^SS
above the town of
Efce riiJan, v. hlch
lies at the ba?e or
the Big Horn Mo'jn
nrir^ re5r.JV,rcenrnts from tno Fifth
Cavalrv. Crook <M not anticipate any
S^aiate conflict with the enemy, i as.lt
15V knowr. H.at tbc mrge body of the
Rioyx were encamped somewhere about
eighty miles distant on the Little ; Big
S Soparatinc: (rcm Terry and Gibbon,
Custer had not pone more thin twenty
Sea Tfcciore I,e discovered the pan trail
o" the Sioux leading up the river. The
tin cave rvidonce that tue scouts had not
VSJd In their .^counts, and gallant
Carter approa-hed the stronghold of h
Sly foes in perfect confidence Vjhlle
Sh at a disianco of several miles down
the river from the encampment of the
Indians. Custer called together his o)«
crnTir. a council of war. The result cf
thL council was up of the
command into four sections under the
lea^r-hlp of «.ster. Reno. Benteen and
McDoi 1. Custer headed five troops.
Reno and Benteen each three troops, and
MeDouJal with one guarded the wa S on
''STmedlately crossing the rivcr/Benteen
follow^ down the opposite Bide, while
Beno and Custer kept on together until
nearly opposite the main encampment of
the Sioux, when- Reno essayed to cross
the river also bo as to follow down on
the *,i* nearer the hidden foe. It was In
thiE attempt tfcaV*ieno was raef by a
etrone opposition and forced to retreat
Sh heavy loss. This was the first blood
shed of the day and of the famous battle.
irr«*rd bad previously been with -thl»
ef safety. Sucij
witnesses hare told
that story to Orou
ard. who heard it
in all of the elo
quence of their na
tive tongue. It was
Horned Horse, and
Rain - In - the» - Face.
who pave the com
mands on tne field and who have glv«n
the account of what to them was no mor«
than a victorious battle.
They say that Custer led his men down
to the river, shortly after Reno's attempt
to cross, and was driven back by the In
dians with some loss of men and the loss
of one pack mule,, loaded with ammuni
tion, which sank In the quicksands of th«
treacherous river. Custer was undaunt
ed, and leading his troops into the hills,
so as to deceive his toes, he planned to>
cross the river lower down. Again ths
Indians outgeneraled the gallant Ouster,
blocked his way and spread the net from
which he was unable to extricate him
self. So well did they know of the daabj
and bravery of this man the Indians
feared to allow him to cross tho river
lest ha plunge Into the camp where th«
old men, women and children were gath
ered for safety. To thwart this mova
on Custer's part the Indians hurriedly
crossed the river - by hundreds as soon
as he had withdrawn Into the hills, and
. secreted themselves In the rr.any draws
and along the river banks. Custer cams
on unsuspecting and as he saw the camp
of the Indians across the river he turned
to his men as he rode to their head and
said In exultant tones, "Custer's luck."
As so.on as Custer reached the river
bank he became exposed to a very hell of
fire from his hidden foes and was force*
to the higher ground. This cut hira off
from the remainder of his command, but
there was now no choice. He was driven
SO mucn has been f aid regarding the
last hours cf General Custer that -
Dr. W. E. M. Stewart, who re
cently spent some time In Wyom
ing. sought out moat reliable ac
counts of this sad tragedy. Many have
been the printed accounts of the Custer
massacre, but most have been founded
largely upon fiction and imagination. Dr.
Ftewart has been able- to secure from the
cr.ly man who could have known the
truth of this occurrence the following 1
graphic account By way of introduction
It would be well to state, that Frank ¦
Grouard, who wa» for years the chief of
pcouts of the United States army, was
the man who has torn aside the veil cf
mystery from this much-mlxed-up scene.
Grouard Is much of an Indian. Indian
he is in appearance, by reason of Kanaka
blood; Indian he Is by -manner, by means
cf having spent eome twenty-flve years
among the Sioux as their captive. He
rpeaks the language of the Sioux with
fluency, and understands them so well
that he can procure from them their most
closely gruarded secrets notwithstanding'
their great hatred of him as a scout for
the armies of their enemies. Knowing
them bo "well, Grouard wenflo the lead •
era of that awful massacre and secured
from them the true story by Insisting- in
his cunning on a false story of his own
manufacture. We must also get well In
mind a few of the principal point* of this
cow world-famed Celd of carnage. Custer,
Terr}- and Gibbon had just separated on
the morning- of the 22d of June, at which
time Custer led the Seventh Cavalry up
the Rosebud from the lately abandoned
camp, while Terry and Gibbon followed
up the Yellowstone.
Some have supposed this move wv
made in orcer to
hunt for the In
cl&ns. but, as Grou
ard eays. It was
made after he and j
the other scouts
had borne to the Vy^
general the definite W*jfj.
knowledge both of W.S//
THE DEATH OF GEN. CUSTER
SUNDAY CALLThis story, which has been told with
much regret, has been fully corroborated
by Rain-in-the-Face and others. It la also
One by one fell the few remaining men
of the gallant troop until but a few were
left. How strange that In that holocaust
of death this one gallant man should not
be hit by the flying bolts of death. One
by one the3e few fell, and still the leader
stood untouched by cruel bullet. Finally,
beside the great and gallant general ht3
brother, Tom Custer, fell In mortal agony.
Oh. what a picttire! There alone on that
hilltop, witK all human aid so far away;
with no friendly eye to pity, stood the
fair-haired and gallant Custer in the midst
of his dead followers. The bright sun of
that northern heaven smiled sweetly o'er
those desert fields, while the mad. howl
ing, devilish throng rose like a great lo
cust host from every draw and every
brush u.'tll thousands of warriors rent the
heavens with their cheers. They would
rush upon their foe and bear him away in
triumph to deck their savage show. The
circle narrows; escape fiees away, and th9
bravest cf the brave must yfpld. to awful
death. But. no; Just as a thousand cruel
hands clutch toward the victim- he flees
their embrace. Death was inevitable, life
no longer treasured, when with his own
revolver Custer eent a bullet into his own
forehead and was free. -
were men toward whom their hatred
burned so fiercely that nothing short of
barbaric torture could be thought of as
a fit accompaniment for them in death.
So General Custer was saved, as was
Captain Fetterman at Massacre Hill, by
direct order, for the pangs of torment.
On this last detour a
strange thing was noted
by the Indian assailants.
A large black horse rid
den by an officer became
unmanageable, and rush
ing headlong with his
rider sped with light
ning speed right through
the ranks of the
enemy. Many shots fol
lowed, the fleeing horse
man, but none took ef
fect. On went the fright
ened animal until he was
far beyond the ranks of
the red men, when, to
their utter astonishment,
there was a puff of
emojte, and the man fell
to the east and north by
the rapidly Increasing
enemy. Realizing now
for the first time how
futile it was to stand
against such overwhelm
ing odds, the brave gen
eral led his men toward
the higher ridge in hopes
that he might retreat
across Its brow. Again
his movement had been
anticipated by the en
emy and the now de
cimated rank3 of troop
ers met a fiery wall at
the crest of the hill
which sent them on to
ward the north and west
In such a manner as to
form a circle with their
former pathway.
Continued from Page One.
&he &eath of general Custer.
Jotd by Jfis Scout, frank Qrouard.
est creations. Tha ihx
ter. It Is perhaps need
less to say, are much the
more popular. In Parts
who cares about history
or the past? Jt is only
the present that cuts
any figure. Every wo
man in Paris is going to
see the exhibition of
gowns as a matter of
education— the only kind
of education. I may be
permitted to say, that Is
of the slightest impor
tance from the French
feminine point of view.
Here the cut of one's
sleeve or the hang of
one's skirt Is such a
Bi>ave consideration. It
OOOOOOOOOOO
form changes in design. There aro al
ternately big and little, long and short
waists, hips and no hips. The corsetlere
amuses herself in doing this or that with
feminine flesh-o.uite like a child wttlx a
lump of. putty.
Near the Palais <Su Costume Is the Tour
du Monde, where on© is supposed to ex
perience all of the delights and even the
discomforts of a trip around tha world.
The panorama of many nations passes
before the spectator, while at intervals
he is out at sea with no sight of land.
After looking a few moments the Illu
sion of being upon the water becomes per
fect. Xot a few people experience "mal
de mer" at once. For their accommoda
tion little crevettes are conveniently ar
ranged. The presence of these obnoxious
conveniences of course renders the Illu
sion all the more complete.
o o o o o o ooooooo~>ooo
the troops of Americans are not ar
riving 1 and his corner still remains
desolate. The last time that I passed it
there were two black valets instead of
one grinning in the doorway. Should
things not become more prosperous in the
near future I anticipate that the whole
force will be on exhibition to assure
Americans of the establishment's abound
ing "elegance."
One of the most popular side-shows at
the Exposition is the Palais du Costume,
designed, by Felix, the .great dressmaker.
Beginning with the wild Gaulish women at
the time of the Roman invasion, he Iead3
us through French fashions up to his lat-
really makes or mars one's life. And. be
lieve me, no one can escape It. There is
no cleverness, no accomplishment that
can atone in Paris for an old-fashioned
gown. Every afternoon a band plays at
the Palais du Costume and it Is rendered
very attractive. In the 1900 part of it real
women promenade marvelously arrayed,
but in the other departments the figures
are of wax. I cannot say that It differs
greatly from an elaborate waxworks
show. Mary Antoinette and her friends
sail In a little boat on the lake at Trianon.
Famous personages of the courts of Louis
XIV and Louis XV are there, while the
Directoire is most realistically represent
ed. There Is a whole room devoted to dif
ferent styles of coiffures and another one
to the evolution of the corset. This latter
is more interesting than it would seem, as
the corset varies In shape quite as often
as the gentleman's top hat. V.~o do not
realize that the fashion in figures is ao
capricious, but this exhibition shows that
every few years the "mold" for the female
"The field on which we stand is hallowed
beyond that of any of the many spots on
earth on which brave men have battled
for the right, for these hillsides rang with
the hoofbeats of the steeds o£a troop none
of which ever lived to tell the story o* the
bloody contest. Here waged one of the
only two battles ever waged in history
from which there never came a courier of
defeat; and twice hallowed is the spot
for beneath yon regular lines of snowy
marble rest the ashes of those who" fell
upon the only other battlefield In history
whence no remnant of the vanquished
ever carried to the cars of their fellow
men the news of how they fought and
lost. Custer and Fetterman! the two cap
tains in all history of whose commands
none ever carried the tidings of defeat.
Their names shall live In history and their
memory be enshrined in the hearts of a
grateful people." ...
In closing It will not be amiss to quote
the following words uttered by Hon.
Frank Mandril at the dedication of this
historic field as a national cemetery.
When the bodies were burled some four
days later a small slab of marble was set
upon the field to mark the spot where
each trooper fell, and later en a monu
ment was placed upon the hilltop.
borne out fcy the fact that Ouster's body
alone escaped mutilation, and by the cus
tom among the Sioux to refrain from vio
lence toward that one who dies by his own
hand. On Custer's body was one wound —
a bullethole in the forehead: and nothing
could be plainer than that Custer took his
own life to escape Inevitable torture. As
soon as the bloody work was over the
women and children and young warriors
came upon the field and mutilated the
bodies until they were led by weariness
alorie to desist from their ghoulish work.
dead from the saddle. Who It was has
never been ascertained, but that he
Bhot himself after his frightened
horse had carried him to safety
there seems - no reason to disbe
lieve. Still the little band found them
selves hemmed In on all Bides, and rapid-'
ly were their numbers being lessened. A
last effort at escape was made toward
the northeast diagonally along the gently
.sloping hillside. As they neared the crest
again but a few unhorsed men remain
ed, who were left to huddle together and
sell their lives as dearly as possible while
awaiting death at the hands of the shout
ing, demoniacal throng. There, near the
brow of the hill, fell the last man of
those brave meA whom fortune had so
cruelly forsaken, and that man was the
fair-haired Idol of his regiment and the
much-hated enemy of the Sioux nation.
The greatest question of all has ever
been In regard to the death of Custer
himself. Several theories have been ad
vanced, but neither reason nor barbaric
custom have given them the warrant of
truth. Some have said that Rain-in-the-
Face shot Custer himself, as he was the
one in command on the field, as Sitting
Bull remained In camp until the battle
was over. Again it has been held that
• General Custer was the last to die be
cause, he was held in reverence by the
savages as a sort of worthy foeman. It
i3 a fact that Custer was the last to
fall, but let us not look for the reason
for this fact outside of savage hatred,
which alone was the dominating factor
of the hour. Custer had long been a
marked man in the eyes of the Sioux
warriors, and while they might sate their
thirst for revenge on the ordinary sol
dier by^ killing him and afterward taking
his scalp and mutilating his body, there
His deduction was cer
tainly logical. A head
that could evolve so defi
nite a conclusion, 1
thought, was worthy of
a less ridiculous cover
ing than the yellow cap. "
However, I entered. In
side the glory was quite
bewildering. Three o* -
four colored garcons. all ¦
arrayed as splendidly as
the first one. bowed and
scraped before me. I
found the clerk or the
proprietor behind the
desk, and after having
accomplished my errand
Incidentally asked him.
"What is your Idea In
dressing your valets In
puch extraordinary fash-
Jon?"
"Oh. you see. I do that
to please the Amerl- .
cans." he said, vehe
mently, "in, America
they like things very
gay— very loud. The
French people do not
admire my livery, but
the Americans are sur*
to find it tres elegant."
In spite of these most
amiable efforts to picas*,
"I couldn't tell you,
lady," he answered, "but
I reckon not, as there
ain't no ladies here at
all."
Not far from where I
l!v*>, in the region of \he
Arc de Triumph, a new
hotel has recently open
ed that I find a constant
source* of arnusem'ent. It
was opened, of course,
for exposition purposes,
avowedly for the Ameri
can patronage. The pro
prietor, refusing to beat
about the bush, has
given his hotel a very
American name and ad
vertises that he caters
to this particular class
of visitors. He thinks
that he has analyzed the
American taste and that
he knows It in detail.
The following Is one of
the results of this analy
sis: In the doorway
conspicuously stands a
tall ebony darky — not a
"colowed genleman," but
a real "nigger," as black
us the ace of spades.
His livery consists of
knickerbockers made of
bright yellow cloth, a
vest of screeching blue,
stockings in red and
black stripes, a red
necktie and a black coal
with enormous gold but
tons. This costume is
completed by a yellow
cap with black and red
tassels. Altogether he is
a. veritable young circus.
One day I went to this
hotel looking for a friend
whom I had heard was
In the neighborhood.
"Can you tell me wheth
er Mme. — — is here?" I
asked the grinning ob
ject at the door.
liur an orchard some
where in California
where he will raise huge
peaches and pears such
as he sees In Jars at the
exposition. Oh, yes; and
raisins— large, delicious
raisins— he is going to
produce in the utmost
abundance. These, how
ever, he will not be bete
enough to "give away."
With a greater thrift
than fhe Southern Pa
cific Railway Company
Is manifesting at present
in giving away boxes of
raisins, he will send
these things to Paris
and sell them. In a few
years, when he shall
have made a million or
two. he will return to
Paris and live -In. con
tentment for the rest of
his days. He will .buy. a
house on the Bojs de
Boulogne and have au
tomobiles galore. 'Tls
true he will find Jt hard
to stay away from Paris
for the several years
necessary, but he real
izes that in making a
fortune some sacrifice
must be made. It all
sounds so easy, so sim
ple, that I reproach my
self after each of these
conversations for not
Pressing a row of
hottCM on the Bois de
HoulOgne and a whole
factory of automobiles.
There is no doubt about it that Califor
nia is advertising herself at the exposition
in a nioj-t effective fashion, and is becom
ing more then ever "individual" In the
minds of foreigners. There are few peo
ple over here who think of California as
being a part of the United States. A ho
tel keeper told me one day that he had
five Americans and two Californlans In his
hotel. Just where they would !ocnte us
in drawing an impromptu map I have not
discovered, but I am sure they think of
us as quite an independent affair, perhaps
with a king and princes and dukes. How
divinely plcture-sque we should be were
their Ideas true! Such titles, for instance.
es th? Princo of Monterey, the Duke of
Sacrame-nto and the Count of Siskiyou
would be most euphonious and distingues.
The exaggerated nuggets at the exposi
tion 3 re making people open their eyes. I
opened my own eyes very wide arhen I
taw them, although with foreigners I am
loyally concealing my surprise and am af
fecting a most blase air. quite as though
the children at home played with nuggets
of this sort. I have noticed that the other
California us are thus loyal. You couldn't
frate them at the exposition with a chunk
of gold as big as a wagon wheel nor with
a peach the size of a watermelon. There
is en unexpressed conspiracy among us
to make ell the •world believe that such
things are everyday occurrences. Now
this scheme, believe me, is so unselfish
. On account of the delay we arrived too
tfate at the Champ de Mars for the epe-n
hng of the California mlneralogical exhibit.
(-Every one said that we were too late but
jno one told us why. The minerals were all
»thcre, the guards were there, no c?re
jmony had been performed; why, then,
jwere we late? In the midst cf my inter
j rotatories Try foot encounter?d some
thing on the floor. Ah! it was a cork!
A very wonderful po'.d specimen :n this
texhiblt is owned by Mr. Frlcat of Crasa
JVailey and Is valued at more than $20,000.
,'It has been in a French b-ink since 1SG4.
been brought he re by Mr. Fricat's
j father, who was a California pioneer. In
'shape it is something like u. branch of
(coral. Although of French parentage,
"with many relatives In this country end
ppoakkig the language more naturally
IttaffS English. Mr. Frlcat is homesick for
, California. "Were I not detained here by
.Important business," he *aM to me the
other day. "I should take the first
. steamer for America." Mr. Foote also
confesses to being homesick. lie is weary
already of the bustle and confusion of
Paris ar.d, I think, is longing for the
soothing peace of the Fair case.
We had plenty of time to discuss our
relative idiocy. Fifteen m'.nutes. half an
hour, an hour wont by and there v. - e. v wen\
yet unrescued. The moving sidewalk that
runs parallel and on a level with the elec
tric tramway frisked by us with an air of
unwarranted superiority. It Is not so un
impeachable itself, this moving ildewa'fci.
for one day It ran away, causing *rr*-:.t
•consternation throughout the exposition.
No one could get on nor off as it sped
.along with all the fury of a belated ex
press train. Paolo and Franeesca flying
(before the face of the wliid were mildly
tpur.lshefi compared with the moving sldc
pwalk victims. Perhaps he who writes the
twentieth century "Inferno" will find a
"circle" of runaway sidewalks, for If
X<uclfer be at all up to date he probably
•will lose no time In adopting this new
jjiorror. It was quite an hour and a quar
ter before things were sufficiently in order
lor our car to l!mp along to the station. I
Jsave firmly resolved never to go near the
thing again — but will I keep my resolu
tion? The speculation of will I or will I
jiot arrive at the other Is fraught with all
Ihe fascination of the "rouge-et-noir."
"Well, if I had been as sure as all tJiat."
Ehe said, quite disdainfully, "I shouldn't
have been idiot enough to get on the
thing."
*"1 am not blaming you, my dear. How
ever, you must acknowledge .that you
thought there was no danger, while I have
l>een sure all along that something was
polng to happen." I couldn't prevent my.
Belt from feeling a little superior, but I
failed to Impress my friend that way.
"Well, you needn't blame me for it," she
raid, in a tone that lacked her usual
amiability. "I didn't drag you on It."
"There. I told you that this thing wasn't
Fafe." I said to my friend. In the full glow
cf an "I told you so" triumph.
confess to a k*e'en cnJbyWFKT TrriEe "wTITz
and whirr of an electric train. For you
In America this sensation has ceased to
be a novelty; but spend a few months in
Paris wobbling along in antiquated omni
buses, and the electric tramway will again
become a delight. The other day we and
the electric car wen.- on the top of the
highest trestle, when, click, the thing com
menced to jump with the movement of a
kangaroo; then It galloped along for a
few pace?, kickir.g up its heels like an In
corrigible young: colt, and finally stopped
rhori, refusing even to quiver. We were
duly grateful for this unexpected denoue
ment, as it would have been Just as easy
to callop off from the trestle. As It was,
there .we were, high In air with no power
to get us down.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
1? HAVE been giins about the exposition
persistently expecting "something to
<± happen." .".nd perhaps deep In my
heart of her.rts I should have been a
trifle disappointed had things gone along
quite smoothly. I looked at the elevated
electric railway and pronounced it un-
Fafo. Th?.t I knew no more about the rc
tjuircmci.ts of such a thing than the pro
verbi.-il pirr.knows about astronomy I am
¦willing to ndmit. I simply reserve the
feminine privilege of having an opinion
without any earthly reason. Confirmed
as It was. however, my opinion did not
prevent rr.e from making frequent excur
sions on this same electric railway. It Is
bo convenient for getting from one part
cf the exposition to another; and. then. I
tnat almost savors of heroism It Is
all very well for you who are safe and
sound on the other side. "We who are
here must be the victims. These foreign
ers demand that | we pay dearly for the
golden reputation of our California. Com
ing from a land where nuggets grow on
trees, the question of price cannot bo a
serious one. A Callfornlan might pro
claim his poverty till he became black In!
the face and the people over here would'
take It as a joke. Poor, and coming from*
California. Jamals de la vie! You may
tell that to the marines.
I have met a young Frenchman who is
saving his money to so to California. I
find him interesting, as he tells me things
about my native land that I never heard v
before. This Is his plan: He Is going to
2
AROUND THE EXPOSITIONTHE SUNDAY CAIX.
3"I'd rather say nothing further about
the motive, of my story. . There will be
time enough for the public to judge. I can
at least say, , after ' spending .a year here,
that I realize how little I know, and that
I feel as if I want a hundred years in or
der to begin to. know Rome. In the re
sults of twelve months' investigation by
reading, hearing and seeing, which. I have
given you,' you will see the framework of
an Important subject, which I can only
hope to be able to cope with in some very
modest measure. But. of course, the novel
deals with abstract principles by means of
purely, concrete human figures, by the
"Then you are preparing a novel, not so
much of Italian as of world significance?"
"No, call it, rather, the elements, the
essence of the spirit which underlies the
story. It represents general, principles.
The story is not to be primarily about the
conflict between the Vatican and the Qul
rinal, nor primarily Roman or Italian, but
one which naturally expresses itself in the
conditions which are present here and
which I have described, through the ope
ration. In short, of democracy as it is now
being formed at the dawn of a new cen
tury. There are burning questions of the
kind everywhere. In America.' the trust
and syndicate questions; in England, those
about the tenure of land. In the (ine coun
try, capital; in the other, land, is rapidly
passing from the many into the hands of a
few. What, is the attitude of representa
tive government toward these accumula
tions? 'What is the attitude of the
church? Are_the3e developments bringing
on a great Caesarism, and. If so. a;Cae
sarlsm of .what kind? of absolute mon
archy, as' is that of the Czar? or of the
sovereignty of the people* Representa
tive government Is on its trial for its in
evitable weaknesses and sins."
"May I describe all this as the frame
work of your forthcoming story about
Rome?" ¦ . i ' •
Latin for its Messiah on the chair of St.
Peter.".
This struck me as a suggestix-e theme,
the more so as I fancied that' Hall
Calne's book would be a story of the fu
ture age, at least in part, and I remem
bered that common rumor in literary cir
cles here had thrown out the idea that
his book was to have as a part of its
motive. the conception of a kind of Leo
XIV, who was to be the rallying point; of
what the author thought the great so
cial and religious revolution of the twen
tieth century. On this point Hajl Calne
would express no opinion, but I shall
not be surprised if this conception forms
the most salient feature of his novel.
The notes which he has taken In Rome
by way of preparation for the novel fill
some hundred pages of notebooks, and I
am, by kind favor of the author, enabled
to print one of these characteristic pages
which contains a simple human transcript
reminiscent of Dickens. It is as follows:
A NIGHT, IN ROME.
It. was a night in February. The air
was dank and chill. I. was invited to a
reception at one of the old Roman houses
in the neighborhood of the Capitol, and I
walked to it by way of the Corso. The
'streets were dark and ' desolate. On a
doorstep near the Condotti a Woman sat
selling newspapers. Two little children 1
were with her. One of them lay asleep
in her arms; the other played by her
side. At the corner of the street going
up to S. Silvestro a boy of 6 or 7 was Bell-
Ing matches. His little face was very
pale and he coughed frequently in the
damp air. Going by the end of the Via
Condotti, I saw that a number of persons
were Btandlng \outslde the office of the
Tribuna. They. were the sellers of Jour
nals in the streets and were waiting for
their papers. I went up to look at them.
There were men, women and boys and
As the title suggests, the book is not
intended to present the history of the
times, except in so" much aa it directly
bears upon the domestic life of the char
acters involved.; It is rather a work with
a moral "to instruct some future reader
how much a transient vanity and will
fulness may wreck, and how much a
steadfast love and courage may retrieve "
Nevertheless, the history of the revolu
tionary-period is well brought out and
presented in such an acceptable manner
as to be equally pleasing and instructive
The author follows tho life of Philip
Winwood through the various stages of
his boyhood, his bappjr marriage his
wife's estrangement from him. and closes
with. a happy reunion. The character of
Winwood is well draw*. He arrives in
rsew Wrk an orphan with only a letter
from his dead mother to one of his fath
tt 8 S M i rIen - d ?- He f °rtunately falls into
the. hands of kind people, is taken in as
a member of their household and given
employment in the business interests of
the father of the house. Philip . marries
Robert Neilson Stephens, well known as
the author of "A Gentleman Player" and
"An Enemy to the King," has just written
and had published a historical novel un
der the title of "Philip Winwood." th_e
same puporting to be "A sketch of the
domestic history of an American captain
in the war of Independence, embracing
events that occurred between and dur
ing the years 1763 and 17S6 in New York
and London; written by hla enemy in war,
Herbert Russell, lieutenant in the Loyal
ist forces."
"Philip Wimvood."
Going back by the Corso I came again
on my little matchseller. He was propped
up in a recess of a doorway, leaning his
head on the plinth of a great pilaster. His
eyes were closed, his pretty delicate face
was very pale and his tray of matches
was almost slipping out of his fingers. He
was fast asleep.
Oh, the cry of the children! the cry of
the children! the little helpless, innocent
victims of the social maelstrom! All the
woWd over their suffering cries to heaven,
and woe to the nation or the dynasty or
the people that will not hear and heed
them. ¦.¦¦fi.1T.
The poor souls had their arms full.
Why didn't I carry the little boy myself?
Heaven knows I wanted to, but I did not.
I appeased my conscience for the moment
by givtng a trifle to buy milk for the little
fellow and then turned away. As I went
oft I heard all the way down the silent
street the same low, weary, sickly, hun
gry cry of the child. God knows how far
they had still to go.
»A long line of . carriages stood waiting
In a street near to one of the great em
bassies. Splendid horses in" beautiful har
ness, and coachmen and footmen In liv
eries of buff and brown and blue with
cockades and fur tippets and gold braid.
There was a great ball m Home that
night. \:.
I followed them and spoke to them and
tried to comfort the little fellow with
some soldi, but he took no notice. The
fcoldl dropped out of his cold flrgers and
he continued to cry. "Poor little man,
he's very sleepy," I said to the parents,
who smiled and were pleased, and said
yes. he wa3 very sleepy, but they were
taking him home and they would put him
to bed.
of the little boy. who was crying, and
between them the child dragged, still cry-
Ing in his low, broken, tired way ail up
the street.
and beautiful organization grew up under
the magic of its touch and thrived under
the warmth of its breath. The parish had
its clubs for men and boys, for social work
and ascetic work, for money lending and
monthly communions. These parish or
ganizations were unified in a district or
ganism. Each district organism was com
pact in that of a diocese; every diocese
wa3 in. communication with Rome, and in
the very hands of the Holy Father ended
the lines of direction. If. as a friendly
critic -has observed, the church of Rome
had wished a plot it possessed a splendid
machine.
"Discontent chafed the land. The Ital
ian Government was reasonably and un
reasonably blamed simply because it was
the Government and because generations
of autocratic rule had accustomed the
people to throw the responsibility for
everything on the existing Government.
The passive attitude of the people' had not
changed in a few decades of constitu
tional government.
"The farmer and the laboring man, even
when they had understood the principles
of representative government, had had
to delegate some one else to represent
them in the National Parliament. Land
lords and lawyers crowded the legislative
halls, and their interests could not have
been absolutely identical with those of
the people whom they represented. Hence
occurred the inevitable errors of repre
sentative government acting In a country
which was new to It. Disaster— I Fay it
not to blame— followed disaster during
thirty years. There w,ere also some of
those corruptions which are' worse than
errors ar.d disasters. The climax of this
extremely complicated and critical con
dition came in 1898. There were general
uprisings, and the new order, shaken to
its very foundations, passed through the
crisis only on account of the promptness
and energy of the repression.
"Now the same, conditions of unrest
were verified Jn the case of the clerical
party as In those of the other parties.- A
few men like Don Albertario put In words
this unrest as felt by clericals, and nat
urally concluded that the return of the
Pope would better things. It is not
known if, or how far, there was any com
plicity between local clerical organiza
tions and other antl-dynastlc organiza
tions. The challenges for proof made by
the Catholic press have never- been an
swered."
Here Mr. Hall Caine uttered a vibrant
protest against the use made of the name
Socialist. "It Is most Infamous," he said,
"that that name should be used by writ
ers, journalists and public speakers of
those who work for social amelioration.
I deny that there is any necessary con
nection between community of property
and anarchy as the means to obtain it."
Then he continued: , "The Catholic or
ganizations had been thriving side by
Bide with the antl-dynastlc organizations.
The latter were numerous. . You can hard
ly imagine how many periodicals these
printed. There were hundreds throughout
Italy. The revolution broke out as sores
do on a human body; first one uprising,
then another, or two or three at a time.
There was no natural connection between
one and another outbreak, only identity
in cause. Then, as ever, the torch waa
not lit by a revolutionary. It was a tax
of 3 centimes more on every loaf of bread >
which set the revolution in being. The :
danger to the institutions once realized
at Rome, the revolts were put down with
out mercy. Military tribunals were set :
up to take vengeance for the uprising >
MR. HALL CAINE gave two
bachelor literary farewell din
ners on the eve of his depart
ure from Rome, which took
place yesterday. The practice
is. as far as my memory serves
m*. novel In Rome, but this is not what
I want to call attention to about them.
It Is to thrir representative character as
figr.ifying \ho sweep of his inquiries about
Rome. If he had these guests for close
friends, he must have had many more
acquaintances during the second long
Fpell which ho devoted to the preparation
of a novel about Rome. One of the din
ners was "clerical." its guests beins men
like Mpr. Spalding. the essayist. Bishop
of Pcoria. 111.; Mgr. Nugent, the well
known social worker. Mgr. O'Connell. the
brilliant American ecclesiastical digni
tary.
Th« other dinner covered all the shades
ol "Liberalism": Baron de Bildt. Minis
ter of Norway and Sweden to the Quiri
i;al. who is not less versed in diplomatics
than in diplomacy, being the historian of
mediaeval Sweden in Rome, as well as
*>n important statesman; Doue'as Sladen.
a novelist and prolific general author,
and founder of the Vagabonds', the Au
thors' and the Argonaut clubs; Ugo OJetti.
one of the foremost Italian critics, and a
confcrencicr end novelist of distinction:
Riccardo Pierantoni, poet and essayist;
Deputy Maggiorino Ferraris, the editor
of the leading- Italian review. La Nuova
Antologia; Wickham Steed, a writer and
journalist; the present writer; Baron the
I>eputy Sonnino. the Sphinx and Pyramid
of Italian political life, who Is a Protest
ant and a Jew, an Italian and an Egyp
tian, the leader of the Constitutional
party, the creator of Italian finance and
the mainstay of Italian institutions, and
Deputy Fcrri, the brilliant rival of Son
nino, the leader of the anti-dynabtlc
rarty, a sociologist and anthropologist,
and the most beautiful politician in the
world, all women gay.
The guests were gathered from every
compass point of thought in Rome.
••BlacL" and "White." "Gray" and "Red"
fat at his table after having contributed
to his information.
I have made notes of the most import
ant part of this information communi
cated to me in an interview, and I give
them without binding myself too severely
in the matter of exactness of expression
in every case.
One of the first points touched upon was
the inevitable race question. To my in
quiry as to v.-hat. in his view, were the
f-aiient characteristics of the Latin race.
he answered that race differences were
merely surface differences. For instance,
he said. 1 have had six months of domes
ticities in this Roman household; six
months of insight and contact with tne
preat family which peoples Italy and cen
ters in Rome, and I. find that race ex-
I>reEsc* itself only on the surface, be the
race Anglo-Saxon or Slav, or Teutonic or
Latin. One and the same blood courses
from the heart, throbs in the brain ami
Xmlsep in emotion and life. I have found
men In Rome diversified in nothing sub
stantial from men in Poland and the Isle
cf Man. the United States and England.
But wherv* there is diversity, even inci
dental diversity, there is interest, and the
interest of this kind to be found in Rome
is v« ry strong. First and paramount
among the diversifying influences is the
religion which has its capital and mother
church in Rome. Have >ou not some
times walked from slumbers in travel and
reco.cr.izcd at a glance soi:\e fabled and
stoned city, of which you had always be
fore read am dreamed, but which you had
never st-en?
Even so". Rome could be recognized as
the center of the great Catholic religion
by one from another planet, were he to
land In the Eternal City. He would un
derstand after a glance at its moral char
acter that this was the Rome of spiritual
domination. Religion is the chief factor
nt the differences which distinguish the
Roman from the Russian, the Laplander,
the Hindu and the Japanese. It perme
ates the life of the people by its dogma.
Its morality, its hgend, its poetry, its rit
ual, its saint !ore. It colors all the lives
of the Romans. This has been one of my
pleasures: to observe its influence in the
life of the Romans, especially of the low
er orders.
'"1 often think," he continued, "that
eeme cf my literary brethren sit too much
in their libraries working out stories by
sheer effort of imagination, at pains and
toll which are unnecessary. Around us
th^re are the jx>lice courts, where stories
are lived out. not written but displayed
Mao, is there as if under the examination
of the literary aralyst. The judge is act
ing, clinically, continually looking with
little microscopic lenses into the heart,
turning pearchlights upon the secret
places of human passion. I have largely
availed rnyself of this opportunity to
Ftudy the people of Rome. I have fol
lowed the Ace'arito and Vitcrbo trials pa
tiently' and thoroughly. (These are the
proceR-cclebres of the year.) I have stud
. led much and learned much. It was vr ry
easy for one to forget that one was not
In England or in America, so like is hu
man nature and co inconsiderable are the
differences of race and nationality.
Where I find a wide difference is In the
attitude of the people toward the law.
I am at one with Mgr. O'Conneil in his
essay on the essential Christianity of our
law and of tho law of America, and on the
paganism of the old legislations.
Christianity had profoundly modified and
Fubt-taritially idterod the legislation of the
world before the time when the Declara
tion of Independence was drawn up. 1
find that the law here rests far too much
on the old pagan basis. It is the expres
sion not of the conscicr.ee of the people,
but of the ruler cf the people.
"As to military law. I find it is much
the same here as in England or America,
except for this difference. The procedure
Is identical. I ha\-c followed with the
closest attention tho action of the mili
tary tribunals and Rtuaied the files of the
processes ' cf 1S3S. the year of the upris
ings. I am convinced that the uprisings
were not overrated. They we.re general.
They indicated a condition of unrest in
many class-es of society. To me they
¦wore interesting because of the light
which they threw on the heart as well a.s
on tho working of Italian life, and be
cause they may occur again. Not only
the so-called socialists and anarchists
were discontented, but also the Catholic
party. This last was a vast organization,
purely religions in character and intended
for the sen-ice of religion in economic and
ether Eoheres of work. • »
"Let me illustrate its origination and
development by an eld etory. Some pheas
ants Ii\-ed peacefully in a cornfield until
one day Farmer Brown noticed that the
corn was rich and ripe and would spoil if
left uncut. But there was so much of it!
He resolved to call his neighbors to his
aid. The young pheasants had heard him
telling his sor.s of his intention, and they
Informed their mother In alarm on their
return home. But nothing came of It. for
the neighbors' would not stir. Again
Farmer Brown looked at the field, and as
his neighbors had proved laggards he de
termined to get his cousins to help. The
birds, hearing him decide thus with his i
Fons. took fresh alarm; but again, when
the mother bird returned they were
calmed by her explanations that the i
cousins would probably never give a help
tug hand. But Farmer Brows came a
third time and saw that the corn must
either be quickly cut or left to rot. and ho
said to his sons: 'We will do the work
ourselves. We will all get up at 5 o'clock
to-morrow morning, and with a good will
we shall have done the work before the
day is out.* This time the mother bird
shared the alarm of her brood. They
would do the work themselves. They
would get up at 5 o'clock to-morrow
morning. They were evidently in earnest!
And she gathered her young and left the
field.
"So it was with the*Holy See aftrr 1870.
When it saw the temporal power torn
from it. it thought at first that a concert
of its neighbors and friends, the great na
tior.s. would be formed for effecting a res
titution, but this did r.ot come to pass.
Then it thought that its cousins, the Ger
mans, the Catholic powers — France. Aus
tria and Spain— would intervene, but they
did not. Therefore, in hault honneur et
courage it pet about the regeneration cf
Italy. It resolved to take every legiti
mate means to educate the young and to
organize the Catholic millions. A complete
HALL CAINE
"The chief element of legislation has
been a public safety bill,' on the face of
which Is written the suppression of the
socialist and anarchical organizations.
But the clerical associations stand on a
parity with these, and it looks remarka
bly likely that the measure was aimed
at clericalism expressing itself in Italy.
It would not have been in accordance
with common sense to have declared war
on the Vatican. If the outside world got
the idea that a religious war was being
waged Italy would be as Russia was
when it committed its most unpopular act
through endless years— the enforcing of
the measures against the Jews. I went
to Russia at that time as a sort of In
formal friend of the Russian-Jewish com
mittee to look at events from the Chris
tian point of view, and my .conclusions
were that the persecution was not pri
marily a religious one. but that it ¦was
essentially an economic persecution,
though religion Inevitably entered into it.
"And what was to be done, the revolu
tion over? The Premier, Dl Rudinl, fell
out of favor. Baron Sonnino was clearly
indicated as his successor. He had an in
terview with the King. What passed be
tween them cannot be substantiated, but
it is clear from preceding and succeeding
events that he -made a renunciation in
favor of the Introduction of a quasi-mili
tary form of government, for General
Pelloux, who was called to form a Cabi
net, has had Sonnino's support and by
it has held power from day to day up to
the orcsent moment. tSonnino as Pre
mier meant gdvernment as the expres
sion of the people: Sonnino as the main- 1
Btay of the Cabinet meant parliamentary
support for the rule of a general.
and. the length and severity of their sen
tences spoke for the completeness with
which they carried out their work.
¦ reservation that they.would dispense with
that aid when they had reached their
ends. This plan broke down before it
was brought to bear. The socialists
found that the clericals were not as
strong as they had imagined. The cleri
cals, found that the socialists had fallen
into general disrepute abroad owing to
the violence of their methods— methods
which of course the Vatican could not
countenance. Now there is an absolute
stand apart, a healthy and entirely proper
condition.
"How the public safety bill passed you
know. It was got through by violent leg
islative methods, royal decrees, suspen
sions of Parliament and extraordinary
procedure generally. This proposal was
the test question whether representative
government should endure undeflled in
Italy, whether the attitude of the people
should be merely passive, of criticism
only and not of representation, and
whether the government should be repre
sentative of the people or not.
. "Sonnino by his support- made possible
its passing. He stood with the existing
aorder. His attitude of mind toward gov
ernment is rather the pagan than the
Christian one, rather that for the preser
vation of the existing order at all costs
than for the preservation of free institu
tions. Of his political strength and per
sonal courage there can be but one esti
mate. By his legion of faithful deputies
he secured the triumph of the Cabinet
In the House. It was rumori'd at the time
of the most violent obstructionist debates
a few weeks ago that som.' of the pas
sionate men of the Left were determined
to shoot rather than see the public safety
bill passed as law. Sonnino marshaled his
3M deputies and headed them into the
House, and at the height of the tumult
I paw him stand up as If to' challenge
death for his idea."
simple, elementary passions, the love o
men and women, hatred, revenge, * pity
and so forth. Can you not fancy the play
of these In the circumstances which I
have described?"
The mention of the conflict between the
two powers in Rome led Mr. Hall Calne to
say: "In any estimate of the forces of
conflict between the Vatican and the Qul
rinal in Rome, certain things must never
be lost sight of.. The first of these i3 that
United Italy is a very young country, that
in only thirty years of its life it has had
to do the work of centuries to put Itself
abreast of other nations and to attain
this in the presence of a constant adver
sary at home, the Vatican having.with
held itself from all participation in the
' national 'life. The next thing to be re
membered is that this adversary within
its own gates has the experience of many
centuries, with all the strings of power
which still remain in its hands, although
it is a fallen sovereignty. In the light of
these facts (for one would say that on its
own lines) Italy has done a very great
deal."
"Then I gather that you do not share
the prevailing opinion of the nations that
the Latin race is decaying?" 7
"How can I regard that as anything
but an exaggerated statement or a blun
der in the face of the work that Italy
has done since 1S70, and with the mem
ory of men like Mazzini. Garibaldi, Ca
vour and Crispi— to mention In one group
not a few with whom I have but little
personal sympathy. Say that it is the
spirit of the Eternal City which gives this
perennial youth to the Latin race. The
fact remains that such extraordinary
things have been done and are being done
as are almost sufficient to justify the Uto
pian theories of present prophets like
David Lazzaretti.-who dreamed the dream
of a world republic that was to have a
they seemed to be thinly clad and . badly.,
nourished. The doors of 'the'' 'Office were
opened and they rushed in. snatched at
the supplies that were handed to them
and fled back, into the streets. In a cou
ple of minutes twenty or_thirty of them
were flying down into the Corso, crying
"Tribunal" and fighting for the first
sales. Within half an hour they would
be all over Rome, sweating, panting, still
running and shouting. I buttoned up the
collar of my overcoat. In that chill air It
made me shiver to think of the price they
'paid for their bread.
It was a beautiful reception. Inside the
dark stone walls of the prisonlike palace
of old Rome, with its barred windows and
guarded portal, there was warmth and
color. Beautiful 'women in lovely gowns
and men in magnificent decorations. The
brilliant apartments, the more brilliant
company, the troops of liveried servants,
the bright music, the bright talk. I
stayed late, and returned, as I had come,
on foot.
The narrow silent streets without seem
ed very dark after the blaze of many
lights within. I was picking my way In
the darkness when I heard the low. tired,
hungry cry of a child. It was a boy, ap
parently of four years, who at midnight
was dragging his weary little feet home
by the hand of his father. The man was
evidently a seller of newspapers. Two
or three unsold Trihunas. carefully folded,
were protruding from the side pocket of
his jacket. He was carrying a younger
child In his arms, asleep.
A tall. thin, scraggy, underfed man of
perhaps five and thirty. A few paces be
hind him there was a woman, also carry
ing a child, and whom I thought I recog
nized as the woman with the children in
the Corso by the Via Condotti. She over- ¦
took the man. laid hold of the other hand
PROBLEMS OF EXPANSION -By
Hon. Whltelaw Reid. The Century Com
pany, New York, $1 50. ,
THELAST OF THE FLATBOATS-By
George Cary Eggleston. '"Lothrup Pub
lishing Company, Boston, jt 50.
THE 3 WORD OF THE KINC-By Ron
ald Macdor.aid. The Century Company.
New York, n 50. • .-.-. - ? ¦
AN AMERICAN CO LONEI By Hon.
Jere Clemens. WoU Publishing Company
Akron. Ohio.
THE PEACEMAKERS — By Joha
Strange Winter. J. B. Lipplncott Com
pany. Philadelphia. Paper 00 cents
SAN FRANC1SCO-A selection of sixty
four engravings of representative views,
in paper 50 cents. The Harne in volume of
thirty-seven views, in paper 23 cents. Pub
lished by Frederic 21. De Witt, '313 Post
street. San Francisco.
STEPHEN DECATUR-By Cyrus Town
serd Brady. Published in the Beacon
Biographies Series by Small. Maynaxd is
Co.. Boston, la cents.
THE COLOMBIAN AND VENEZUE
LAN REPUBLICS- Dy William L.
Scruggs. Little. Brown & Co.. Boston.
BISHOP PENDLE-Ky Fergus Hume.
Rand, McNally &. Co.. Chicago ar.d New
York. .
THE DIVINE ENCHANTMENT— By J
G. Ncihardt. James T. White &. Co New
York.
GKOr.CIE-By S. E. Kiser. Small May
nard & Co., Boston. $1.
LIVES OF ALEXANDER AND CAE
SAli—Plutarch. Cassell'a National Li
brary, Nvw York. Irs paper 10 cents.
DAVID AND HIS FRIENDS— By Lnuia
Albert F.anks. Funk & Wuynalls Co New
York. $150.
CONORESSJIAN HARDIE— By Court
ney Wellington. G. W. Dillingham Cota
pany. New York. $l'£>.
MATTHEW DOtLE-Ry Will Garland.
.G. W. "Dlllingham Company, New York.
SI 23.
THE SONO OF THE SWORD— By Leo
Ditrichstein. G. W. Dillingham Company,
New York. Jl 50.
BooRs Received.
A supplement to the "History of tha
United States," California series, .has Just
been issued by Harr Wagr.er. It has been
prepared to bring the present State book
up to date, and with this end in, view has
been made as near uniform as possible
with the book now in use in, California
schools. The declaration of war. tha
peace protocol and several other docu
ments are printed from tho original trxt.
As it will be several years , before tha
State publishes a new history, this sup
plement should prove a great convenience
to teachers or any. one. interested in cur
rent history. (Published by The Whitaker
& Kay Company, San A'runcisco. Paper.
-0 cents.
A little squibkt from the pen of Charles
F. Rldeal and illustrated by Jessie A.
Walker with some clever pen drawings
appears under the title "Some People Wa
Meet." It is a collection of character
sketches of well known types, two pages
devoted to each tyre, one for picture and
the other for description. The subjects
presented are: "The Saleslady," "The
Man "Wot" Golfs." "Won Lung Lee,"
"The Rev. Hiram B. Montgomery,"
"Jackie." "Bob Tougham." "A City
'Gent.' " "Mr. Levl Vindermenderheimer,"
"Mr. Tammany Todd," "Mr. Scmpronius
Yardly," "Mr. Dick Dummertoa" and
"Mrs. Whirlingay Whiz."- The book
makes s. pleasant half-hour's reading, for
the drawings- are picjuant and the writing;
ia epigrammatic and bright. (Published
by The Abbey Press. New York. Price 25
cents.)
United Statas History Supplement
Mr. Stephens' story [a melodramatic, but
entertaining nevertheless. It will prove
especially interesting to oM New York
crs familiar with the ground where the
scenes are laid, and even to the casual
reader the points of American history
brought forth will prove of benefit if not
of startling interest. One thing is certain:
his characters cannot handle th«> sword
In the manner of our friends from tho
pens of Conan Doyle, Stanley "Weyman or
Mary Johnston. The duel between Fal
coner arid WH.v/ocd is looked forward to
by th»» patient reader for manytohaptcrs,
and when it finally arrives It sctaia very
tame. Certainly" the result" Is entirely
satisfactory, but in the description . thero .
r» not enough of the flash of steel and
delicate sword play to make you catch
your breatii or send the blood one whit
faster through your veins*— It Is a little
too much in the order of "they met and
the villain was killed." (Published by L.
C. Page & Co., Boston. Prico Jl 5O.>
B. G. LA'XHBOP.
"Some People We Meet "-
After the failure of the conspiracy th«
renegade brother suddenly appears at
home and accuses Philip'3 wifo of clan
destine relations with the gay and hand
some Captain Falconer. A duel ensues
between Falconer and tha younger
brother, Tom, resulting !n the death of.
Tom. Philip's wife is driven from tha
house by her father and embark3 for Lon
don with the renegade brother, who ex
pects, through her benuty and fascinat
ing manner, to wed her to some rich noble
and make his and her fortune. The story
finally ends with Philip and his friend
Russell ' arriving in London at a starro
door entrance Just in time to save tho
erring but now thoroughly repentant wifo
from being carried away by the wicked
Falconer. Winwood kill* I-'alroner in a
duel and a charming reunion between
himself and wife takes place. Incidental
ly the reader is told that the reneeade
brother is soon to swing merrily from
the gallows tree, and the book closes with
the trite remark quoted above on ''tran
sient vanity" and "steadfast love and
courage."
taken and harigrd as a spy. and all for
the sake of a few hours with tho woman
rift lovrs best in all the world. Ho knows
that their parting had been a cold ono
from her side, but he thinks that tim»
must have softened her feellnga toward
him and he fully expects to bo received
•with open arms. When he finally reaches
the houae. after countless perilous es
capes, and finds her alone in her room h»
is surprised and shocked by her chilly
demeanor toward him. A war of words
finally ensues, and he succeeds In trap
ping 1 her Into an account of the plan al
ready on foot to take General Washing
ton. He sees a way to avert th» danger
by instantly, giving the alarm, but hia
wife, realizing too lato her mistake la
telling him. endeavors to call the English
guard to prevent h!a escape. Philip man
ages to get away, but only after a fierce
struggle. Duty with him Is ever first and
his love for his wife second.
between Winwood and his wife. He has
forced his way through the Dritlsh lines,
in constant dancer of being shot or e!?e
the best parts of the book Is this scene
his fmployer'3 daughter — an estimable
girl, but young- in cxr^fif-rrrf""-?*!* -well as
in years, and with a head easily turned
by the frivolities of the world. She mar
ries Philip because she loves him: also in
the hope of going to London with him on
a trip that he contemplates taking to
pursue the btudy of architecture. Her
father Is a man devoted to America and
American customs and has always op
posed hfs children coins to England, but
aa Philip's wife his daughter is ftve<l
from his authority, ard she thu* hnpps tr»
realize at last her Ions: cherished »lrtarr»*
of enjoying the payotiea of London life.
The trip ia prevented by the !)roakir:<r out
of the war of Independence and the en
listment of Winw'ood in the Continental
army— much to bis wife's dlssrust.
Philip is away many year.-; and ri^9
hlsh in the service of his country. Ills
wife, although at home with her f.imily
and under t!ie strict eyes of her brother
Tom and Philip's be^t friend, a Herbert
Russell, who la supposed to t>« the nar
rator of this tale, is exposed to many
temptations through tho attentions paid
her by the English officers <juartered in
Xcw York. She plans with a Captain
Falconer of the English service and a.
renegnde brother wbO is acting as a spy
for the English in the Continental army,
to capture General ¦Washington by .1 bold
cavalry stroke. The plot falls thmush
owing to an unexpected visit from Win
wood to hfs home on the very night that
the scheme la to be carried out. One of
THE SUNDAY CALL.
4
rt -was a fearfully and awfully unjust
economic persecution, but Russia had to
bear all the odium of having made a re
ligious war on a part of its people. So
would Italy If It had taken distinct ac
tion against the clerical associations. The
jovcrnment would have been unfair to It
self.' as well as extremely unwise. But
;he amazing thing is that the clerical pa
pers have not emphasized this aspect of
the public safety bill, though it is clear
to me that their party is intimately in
volved In this project of law which puta
jnder the control of the Government
jvery exercise of public liberty."
Hall Calr.e did not deny' the possibil
ity that the clerical organs may have
!)een silent from prudential motives. He
hen dealt with the accusation of clerical
:ompliclty in the uprising.
"Expressing the natural discontent of
he people under heavy taxation, the cler
cal papers had given expression to the
/lew that It would be better for Italy If
:he temporal power had been restored to
the Pope. The answer of the Govern
ment is the public safety bill. Who, rose
n opposition to It? Not the clericals, be
% ause they were unrepresented, in Parlia
nent, being forbidden by the Holy See to
>e either electors or elected. Ne cletti no
?lettorj. Only the anti-dynastlc 'parties,
rheso have ceased to have any faith. in
he clericals since 1898. " Until that year
hey were ¦ disposed to have some. I do
lot think • that there was any - compact
>ctween them, but there was an under
standing based on a very faulty founda-
Jon — a community of interest' to op-
K>se. But there was nothing. positive In
ommon except marked opposition; noth
ng in the ultimate aims of both parties
ixcept to effect or help In" effecting 'a
•hango of . the ' present order '. of things.
2ach was willing to accept the aid of the
ither for the time being, with a sort of¦
have ltnorni refutable clcrpyrr.cn aj that
tjnu- to bet on horse races. All the states
men and orntors of llie West -and isouth
gambled to feme extent then. I have- seen
ail th*- political idols of the bouth of forty
and liity years nffo. - except Jefferson
Davis, about a Rambling table. People
nowaday* can have no Wea of now the
m.'friia lor raminj; possessed their vener
ated and princely father* In those days.
•The gambler* of the last ten J cars
previous to the Civil War were tho great
•»t sports the world has ever seen: but
thfv sot too avariciouj. kcame d!shom-s=t
and lirousht about the downfall of a pro
fession that one need not be ashamed of
as it was once conducted. Whew! What
elegant fellows and what ppendthrlfts th«
Mjfcfcissippi River gamblers were when I
came on the Majre of operations. A hun
dred dollars didn't bother them any more
than a cigar would one of us now. And •
clothes! They were -jII dressers. They
wore *oft black hats, black clothes, high- i
heeled boots, low-necked ehirts with big '
loose collars, and ties v.ith frilled bosoms.
Each had a solitaire breastpin and a big <
6olltaire rlnp. and one of those, big long i
cold chains poinc afcout the neck three or I
four times and hanging: down over the .
chest. They didn't drink anything but <
wine, and they would ride across the <
etreet* In hacks rather than get mud on <
e.t:r t hoes. They were fine fellows— edu- 1
per got Kkinncti right and left. The Cards
were slacked anu marked on the back
so that he didn't have any chani-e at all
lo win. All the playing *'as done with old
starbaclcs. I've seen fellows pick every
card in a pack and call it without miss-
Ing oncp. I've seen them shuffle one for
one all through from top to bottom, so
that they were in the same position after
.j. dosen shuttles that they were in at tirst.
They'd Just nutter them up like a flight
of <|uaiJs and get hc£s. kings, queens,
Jacks ::nd tons all together as easy as pie.
A tucker had no more chance against
thi.se fellows than a snowball has in a
red-hot oven. Every deck was marked.
It dots not Keem possible now that such
simple sames were not exposed.
"The most adroit schemer in those days
was an Alabama man named James W.
Stricter. He was the originator of many
<•nnlidcr.ee schemes that have been worked
thr^-adbcre. He was the most ingenious
•swindler I ever came across. An anecdote
of how he worked his game will illustrate
how, abundant money used to be in those
days and how easily the.m^n on the Mis
sissippi River steamers used to part with
it. He got hold of a rich Superior Court
Judge from Cairo, 111., one day. The Judge
didn't happen to have a wad along that
day, and he quickly caught on to Street
pr'a game. The Judge went secretly to the
bartender of the boat and got a bundle of
a boat, all supposedly strangers to eacn
other, and playing into each other's
hands. Sometimes there would be a kick,
and the captain would get hot. When a
passenger would squeal the captain would
ask him to pick out the man who robbed
him. and the gambler, if nabbed, would
have»to give up the stuff and get off the
boat anywhere the captain chose to run
her in. The tricky gamblers used to
have false whiskers and wigs for these
occasions, so that when the kick was
made they couldn"t be picked out under
their disguises. Many a time I've known
them to jump off the boat into the water
before the boat landed to get away before
the kick was made and the victim could
look at the passengers to pick out his
man. There wasn't much prosecuting
then if a fellow was caught. The captain
was boss, and he made the man give ud
put him off the boat, and that settled it
They didn't Jug a man right away
"Were there any shadows to the eay
times on the Mississippi River steamers?
Yes. occasionally. The saddest event was
one that happened in the fall of 1S5S At
that time John Powell was the most fam
ous sport. He wa3 a square man. hand
some, brave jind not showy. He despised
the tricks. of the tin-horn gentry I have
been telling you about. He had known
Andrew Jackson personally and had de
clined a nomination to Congress from a
trie not. We all drew cares In breathless
silence. The opener on my left drew two
cards. I started to draw one. but whllo
I bit my lips and tried to be calm I Crew
three. The dealer dealt himself one card
and then slowly dealt himself another.
"The air grew thick and heavy. I felt:
In a dizzy whirl. I knew'the moment was
to be a memorable one in my life. 1 never
sca'nned my cards so anxiously as I dldT
that night. I instinctively knew mytwai
opponents each believed I had drawn at
pair of aces. I had $759 in the pot. ana I.
meant to stay with it until the showdown.
After, deliberation that seemed an'
age the opener be: tyX). I de!lt>-. ;
erated and called. The dealer saw
the $500 and went back over and abovs
that. The opener saw the $1000 and went
It $1000 better. J thought again and acted;
artfully. Then I just called. The dealer
saw the opener's JUJOO and raised it to»
51500. The opener called the J15J0. They
were so excited at each other's playing
that they had for a motnent forgotten all
about me. I sat between them, you know.
They were just coins to show up their
hands, when I exclaimed: 'Here.J'm play
ing here, too.' Then 1 called the $l50O
myself. You ought to have seen the- min
ing kings look at me. Well, the- opensr
had three tens, the dealer had three Jaclu
and I had but a pair of kings."-
wfMcat money, wrapped it around with a
couple of twenties and put some fives in
the middle. They started on euchre, and
the Judge got the usual good poker hand
and Jim Streetcr played In. The Judge
knew Streeter's came was to let him win.
to make the final skinning all the surer.
He lost a couple of times just to flash his
roll and skin off fives to Jim. They played
till supper, and then the Judge quit $1£5
winner. After supper Jim wanted to open
the game, but the Judge wouldn"t have it.
and Jim kicked. He went ashore and tolil
a friend about a fellow who had done him.
and Just as he was telling it the Judge
came to the rail and Jim pointed him out
to his friend.
" 'Why, you sucker,' said the friend,
'that's so-and-so from Cairo. He knows
every gambler on the river.'
"Jim offered the Judge a 5300 suit of
clothes not to tell the story, but the Judge
wouldn't hear of it, and all New Orleans
heard the story when the Judge got off the
boat.
"Jack Gambill used to tell a story of a
fellow named Dan, who was a most noto
rious cheat and couldn't play fair at any
game in the world. 'I saw Dan the other
day,' said Jack, 'and he was sitting down
to a table all alone and playing a game
of solitaire. And. do you know, he hadn't
sat there five minutes before he began
nudging the ; leg of the table to play In
with him.'
"Eph Horn, the pioneer minstrel, was
bo. Infatuated with gaming that he never
could go to bed so long as there was a
light burning over a green cloth. He- had
a boy named Henry Cahan, whom he sup
ported, and the boy was quite an expanse
to him. One day in the old Arcade Horn
sat with' a solitary white chip In his hand,
the last of his $S0 a week. He was hesi
tating whether to bet it or not, when up
came Henry and said:
" 'Hurry up, Eph, and make a winning,
bo we can go to dinner.'
" 'Me? lie make a winning with four
bits? You might as well talk of lowering
a fireproof safe out of a window with a
horsehair.'
"Star Davis was a great old boy. Jim
McLane's mother allowed him JW.00O a
year not to come near her. but he was
broke nearly all the time for all that, and
he had to gamble to make his way. Hank
Johnson was a daisy, a hard player, who
never wore a pair of boots worth less
than $20. Gib Cohern and Tom Mackey
were the dressers of the river. All their
winnings used to go Into clothes. They'd
send to Paris for their underclothing and
all that sort of thing. They were great
rivals in those days, when dress went for
something. Doc Hill was McLane's part
ner. . Then there was Big Alexander,
who worked out of Natchez: Jim McDon
ald, a dead shot with a pistol; Ashlock.
who could do more funny work with a
deck of cards than I ever saw before or
since. I couldn't name them all. They
were good fellows — free with their money
as water, after scheming to bust their
heads to get It.
"Why. it wasn't anything but gamble
after a boat left St. Louis until It reached
New Orleans. I've seen a faro game, a
roulette game, three poker gamea and
monte running in the cabin, and the deck
hands playing chuck-a-luck. I once saw a
planter, a relative of Jefferson Davis,
play roulette with five-dollar gold pieces
on the steamer Molly Brown. I have
known men to drop 51000 at faro before
one could smoke half a cigar. I once saw
two Louisville tobacco merchants bet $100
at a clatter upon quolt-throwing on deck.
I saw a man from Memphis lose his whole
cotton crop in one night and get up and
never mind it particularly. Poker waa
mostly the game. They played bluff and
brag a good deal, and there was generally
a big game on every boat. Many a time
I've seen a game player just take off his
watch and rings and studs and play them
in. Men lost their goods playing in the
way-bills. I've see» them betting a bale
of cotton at a crack, and It wasn t at all
uncommon to hear an old planter betting
off his negreos on a good hand. Every
man who ever ran on the river knows
that these old planters used to play in
their body servants, valuing them all the
way from $300 to $1500. I saw a little col
ored boy stand up at 5300 to back his
master's faith in a little flush that
wasn't any good on earth. The niggers
didn't seem to care particularly about it,
and It was so common that nobody no
ticed It particularly.
'•Some gamblers would come In dis
guised In hayseed clothes to skin the pas
sengers. Maybe there'd^ be four or five on
aussoun district. \\ © younger renew*
used to envy Powell, and we aped all bi»
acts and talk, for we saw that bo waff
the greatest all-round gambler that ever"
drew breath. Ho was about 50 years old?
in 1SSL lie owr.ed then the McCall Opera
house In New Orleans, and had a flna
$100,030. stock farm and negroes In Ten
nessee. It seemed as If everything ho
put his hand to turned to gold, and ha
was courted by such men as Sergeant S.
Prontiss. Stephen A. Douglas, and a whole
raft of bis politicians In Louisiana, pna
riay we were coming down the river, and
had made 9. good wad of money. Powelt
was on board, and he got Into a private
game with a handsome, fresh-facea. blue-jj
eyed young Englishman, who was going
t'nwn to Texas to go Into ranching. We
all took a fancy to him because he was
so well dressed— Just out of a university*
so he told us— and had such a clean-cut.
square way with him. Powell and tha
young Englishman played together two
days and two nights, and although Powell
ptavpd a square game the* young man lose
all the money he had with him. He turned]
over his bank checks and drafts to Pow
ell, one after another, and then went down
to his stateroom and brought up his bag
gape. He would play, and then, he gam
bled away his gripsacks, with all theifl
contents, and finally his watch, and Jew
elry. We fellows never said a word, for
that might have caused a duel, but you
can bet we kept casting sheep's eyes ove?
toward Powell and the young English
man as they played. It was late ona
evening when the two quit playing. be-»
cause Powell had wen all that tho young*
fellow had.
" 'Well. I'm about busted.* said tha<
young Englishman with a forced laugh 1
when he got up and walked •"• on deck."
"Powell laughed, too. and began tai
haul the gripsacks he had won to hla :
stateroom.
'"I guess I'll have to give that yonng;
fellow back h(s clothes and watch to-j
morrow.' said he to me quietly, while ha;
vas loading up the stuff. 'I've got about: ,
$f00O from him now."
"Well, the next morning wo were altj
standing in th*» bar room of the boat;
laughing and chatting over tha luck oC :
the trip when In came Mr. Young English
man, looking as rlicl: as a daisy, and with!
a jolly smile. He shook each of us by,
the hand, and .ioked a moment about hoWj
h© had paid dear to learn American!
games, whon. quick as a flash, he whirled j
around and, drawing a pistol, sent a bait]
throueh his heart. He staggered back In'
Powell's arms and turned hts eyes so be-j
seechlngly on Powell as he died that I can,
see them yet. You can bet your life thatt:
rone of us touched another card that trip, i
and It v:as weeks before I dared risk my;!
1'jck with Msr stake3.
"As for Powell, why. he was almost
crazy. He would sit for days at a tima'
doing nothing but smoke. He seemed tn;
be in a daze, and we could not rouse hlnv
to any enjoyment. He got some banker In'
New Orleans to send all that young Engr-!
lishman's stuff back to the old home lnij
England, and he was never known tar
speak of the affair afterward. The sol-:
cide hoodooed him bad. for when he trt*cj!
gambling a year later he had lost his)'
grip. He made foolish plays and lost alt;
his big property In a few years. He lived; '
until about 1S70 and died In poverty hv
Seattle. Wash. The last time I saw hlnjj
he was a wreck in every way. He bor-j
rowed f.> of me and said th.it he had bean)'
sleeping in wagons along the streets ©£,'
St. Louis for a week. It was four years) '
before I dared play poker or faro on thati
boat, and then I did It at a loss. Thacj
oniv shows how gamblers are hoodooed
and can't ff^t over It. You know gam
blers are said to be very superstitious.
"One night in 1S&5. when I was playlnff'
In Crittenden & Gentry's In Virginia City:
I made the two greatest bluffs I ever!
made. It was a royal game. Several very**
rich Ophlr and Belcher mining magnates
sat at the big round table. We had play-j
ed for hours and it was getting along?;
about dawn. I grew pretty gay at mji"j
luck, for I was some $300 ahead at that
stage of the game. One of the mining;
kings looked at his watch and said ha
must soon quit. Another miner proposed,
that we double the Jackpot we were en-'
gaged In. and that we close the game wltrt,
that. We all agreed. We doubled the!
jackpot and with the six players abouCi
che table we had a Jackpot of JSOO. A mart;
third from my right opened the pot for!
JOOQ. The next two men stayed In. I wa.11
never more . nervous. I evidently showed;:
my nervousness. A few seconds of de-l
liberation and I stayed with the Jackpot-'
Two men on my left dropped out. Anj
Ophlr mining king raised JSOO as quick as"
a flash. Then the active work began.;
There was ETIGO In the pot at that stage. .'
The opener got out a stack of golden'
eagles and saw the raise. The two mer»
between him and me dropped out. I was)
all perspiration. I resolved to risk it, so>
I dug down Into my Inner pockets andi'
stood the raise. There were three players '¦
left In the game, and there was 32200 la
STORIES OF THE OLDEST GAMBLER OF THE PACIFIC COAST
ON'E of the olfifji and mo?t expe
rienced pamhlers in the country
died in comparative poverty at his
daughter's home at Orange, in
Orang» County. Cal., the other
day. He •was Major Gecrjre M. White. For
fifty years ho inarle Bumbling his sole
pursuit. He know all the old-time ante
bellum Fports of the South; he traveled
all over the country and to the Bermu
da?, to Mexico and to Honolulu, for gam-
Ing reasons and. first and last, he won
tens of thousands of dollars. At one time
he was worth some SSO.ooo in racetrack
Etock at St. Louis and water company
bonds of Memphis. Tenn.. but he left an
estate of less than ST-OO. Even that was
cent a* a gift to him In his old age by a
circle of young gamblers in New Orleans.
Af a boy in the old St. Charles Hotel in
New Orleans he saw some of the greatest
Rambling games between rich planters.
United States Senators and Southern ora
tors that were ever played. Before he
was 20 he wa5 an adept at poker, and
btfere he was 23 he was rich and famous
by his remarkable fucccss as a faro
dealer.
In 1SST. at the ape of 72 years, he played
his last pane cf cards, and with the few
thousand dollars his devoted wife had sav
ed from his enormous winnings in other
days the old couple came to live in Cali
fornia, From that time he never touched
cards again. But he lived in the memory
of the old days when he sat about the
green table, and he was always glad to
chat reminiscer.tly of all the big games
he participated in. He had a remarkably
accurate memory for details. There can
be little doubt that he was the best
known faro dealer and round-table poker
player there was on the Mississippi River
Fteamers in the last years previous to the
Civil War. The late Attorney General
Garland ence Paid that the originator of
many of the fundamental principles of
draw poker as it is known to-day was
Major White. The old gambler was a fino
type of the old-fashioned gambler. He
was prodigal in his living, ready to bet
on any proposfUon. quite abstemious in
his habits, courteous to women, seldom
excited and nevi-r ashamed of his calling.
He often introduct* himself to strangers
as an "honest, gentlemanly gambler."
He was as famous for his reckless ex
travagance as for his unusual winnings In
his younger days. Whpn the First Louis
iana Regiment was formed in 1S61 to go
to the Civil War. Major White dined the
commissioned officers at the old St,
Charles Hotel in New Orleans at a cost
of $H r 0. He never quarreled and seldom
raised his voice. He was sensitive about
his meager schooling and his bad gram
mar: he was particularly well Informed,
on the other hand, on the history of his
country and affairs of the day. He knew
personally all the leading men of the day
who traveled to any degree forty years
ego. - •
He used to narrate anecdotes of games
of cards in which Henry* Clay and .he
were both participants In 1S4S and 2S43.
when White was beginning his career as
*a. gambler. He had a genius for faro, and
his winnings on many occasions exceeded
J2000 in one night. He was employed at
a salary of $3'W a week for several years
by a club in New Orleans Bimpiyto deal
faro every night in the week. At last,
when he srew weary of that, his salary
was raised to $400 a week. He made $30.
000 in 1KV7 by gambling on the Mississippi
Ttiver. and there were a number of years
when his winnings aggregated $12,000 and
$13,000 In twelve months. But he spent his
money with a reckless hand. He had a
crowd of friends constantly about him,
and he was always giving $50 and $100 to
less fortunate gamblers.
As he eat in his big easy chair one day,
& month before his death, he chatted a
long time about his memories of the
palmy days of gambling, and particularly
of the wonderful games he used to par
ticipate in on the palatial Mississippi
River steamers before the Civil War.
"The most wonderful gambling days this
country has ever known were from about
1S30 to 1S60." he said. "That was when
pck*r and faro became the games they
ere in America, and when poker was de
veloped. Literally every man, except
clergymen, in the Mississippi River Val
ley used to gamble in those days, and I
¦ catefl men. who could talk to any one
• about anything, and very polite.
, "Oh. there are no gamblers alive now
like the ones we used to know. Look at
tho specimens that call themselves gamb
lers now! What are they? Why, mere
kids— two-bit players. They have harmed
. iho profession that was once not a re
proach to a member of it. Since I've be:-n
living here among the oranges I've been
thinking of ail the old gamblers such as
I usod to know and deal with, and there's
precious few of them left now. There
are about nine of the first-clas* ones so
far as 1 can remember them. All but two
of them are broke and hustling for irieals.
Poor fellows: But my. what big days
they used to have in the palmy days of
pteamboatlng on the Mississippi River!
Take it twenty-five years ago. when the
gaming began to fall- off. There never
will be days again like them in these
i nlted States. Ah. but those were the
days, my boy— great days for the town,
with thirty-six steamboats at the wharf
all at once, the levee covered with drays
and every sport with stuff in his pockets
and lots of good clothes. . -v
"There were fully H00 men who worked
the boats between St. Louis and New
Orleans, and there's no telling how much
money they did pull off the travelers. It
was dead easy money, too." all the tim*\
Kvorybody who traveled had lots of stuff,
and every one was willing to bet and .bet
high, so that when a fellow did win he
von right out of the hole at once. Thosa
Southern planters just used to lose money
like fun. and were skinned right and left.
Occasionally they caught on. and there
was a shooting match, but the boys didn't
take much chance on being plugged. I've
seen forty gamblers on one boat. . That
was in October. 1S57, when the officers at
Natchez cleaned all the gamblers out of
town. The whole gang met the boat at
the wharf and started to come aboard,
but the captain wouldn't let them unlesa
they promised not to play a card aboard.
They promised and he took them on and
the boat came on up the river. You
nover saw a tireder looking lot of gamb
lers in your life. They hadn't anythins'
to do and some of them looked as it
they'd Just as soon Jump overboard aa
not.
"Of course, that class of gamblers had
to do something to take chances on. and
the passengers with money were Jus<t aa
anxious to have some sport Invented for
them. The gamblers had promised not
to touch cards on the boat, so necessity
gave us the incentive to invent new
Fthemes for helping the passengers from
a plethora of gold and silver. Dead-sure
games thereby came about. For instance,
when we landed at a woodpile and while
the deckhands were loading the boat up
with fuel, the gamblers would get the
moneyed passengers off bn the bank to
pnirage in various skin games. The gamb
lers artfully got to betting among them
selves about running jumps, and. of
r-ourse. the passengers dropped into 'it.
So they'd run off a gangplank and up to
a tree to Jump, when the first gambler
would say. 'Hello, what's here?' and
stop. Behind the tree 1 one of the gang
had be*n throwing three-card monte.
¦while the others got up the jumping
scheme. The gamblers won just to make
the game good, and the way those fel
lows skinned the passengers was norrl
bl». The captain got on to th© scheme,
and when the boat started off up the
sfe-am the whole gang, forty of them.
weic Just marooned there in the wool*
on a cold niRht. But they took the noxt
boat up or down and worked their way
up this way or down to New Orleans.
"That wasn't gambling; it was robbery,
but that's what went as gamblins in
those times. The fellows had to be pretty
slick. I'll tell you. When a boat started
out of New Orleans, say. a couple of
gamblers would be on board. They v/ere
often well educated fellows and always
fine dressrrs. All they did was just get
acquainted with the men with money and
size up how much they had. This was
easily done, because card playing was the
only thing to pass away*ihe time. These
cappers wouldn't win any money. They
were Just to do the gentlemen, but when
they got off the boat their pals came at
some pcint up the river with a full knowl
edge of how much money there was on
board, what men had it and how these
men were best approached. It wasn't
hard to get acquainted, and it wasn't
hard to get up a game of euchre after a
few drinks. Once the game was on the
thing was smooth ; the dealer fixed the
deck and dealt out a good poker hand to
the mark, but a better one to his own
partner, who promptly declared:
" 'I've a good hand I'd like to h; * on.'
" 'So have 1/ replied Mr. Re • .-; and
then they got Into betting, and » .* at ran.
THE SUXDAT CALL.
5When the fever and delirium left her,
probably for lack of aliment in her wasted
organism, she saw that it was morning,
almost at daybreak. The reality of things
again appealed to her eyes.' She saw
green walls, the barred window frames,
the calico blinds, the beds, the two fire
places. The weather again was fine. She
looked at the bed next to her own. It
was empty.
"May!" she murmured.
She raised her head a little from the
pillow and called again, more loudly:
"May Bodson!"
A voice replied from the other side of
the bed:
"May is no longer here. Christ has re
called her to Him."
Lea was not strong enough to turn and
look at the person who had spoken, but a
light step made the circuit of the bed, and
Lea saw a figure and face stoop over her.
It was a nurse in the white cap and apron.
She held a little black book in her left
hand.
"How do you feel?" she said.
And then only did Lea recognize her.
"Edith!" .
tion that was almost cweet and voluptu
ous. The beloved vision had reappeared
of the picture of that dream .country in
which . she would find Georg again amid
the glory of a radiant summer. Lea could
see the blue bay belted with odorous hills,
and at the same time she felt an unaccus
tomed warmth like an intangible presence
which reassured her, the contact of fra
ternal hands touching her more caressing
ly than the hands of the nurses.
The fear of death haunted her, in
creased, Became intense, and at the same
time the religious sentiments that had
slumbered in semi-indifference since in
fancy awoke. Lea asked for a Catholic
priest, and one was brought— an Irishman
from Killarney. with a roey, reposeful
countenance, framed In fair hair care
fully trimmed; light blue eyes, fine strong
teeth, with an ample frock coat and
etraight hands. He came and sat by the
invalid's bedside, placed his voluminous
and carefully brushed silk hat on the
night table and talked to her. Father
Patrick Weatherdon spoke well, with
unction and fluency.
At first Lea was relieved by his visit.
Then, when, little by little he had divined
"Ah! Why did not my brother live?
How happy we should have been to
gether! It is the relentless doctrines of
Frederique and Plrnlte that have turned
me out of the right path, that have torn
me from normal life and love. They took
me from Georg! They are the cause of my
death!"
Toward the end of August the weather
changed and became rainy. The | fires
were lit In the two fireplaces of the con-
Bumptive ward, but stealthy -draughts
penetrated through the Joints of the
doors and in" the window openings. The
low lying London sky filled the air with
smoke. Tho patients were more nervous,
some of the cases became worse and two
deaths occurred. Many fell fatally 111.
Her little yellow eyes in her wrinkled
face smiled at Lea, telling' her of the
hope always nearer of an approaching de
liverance. And Lea also felt this terror
of autumn pass over her face, the ter.
riblc provider, of food for consumption.
She took almost no food and was now
given up by Dr. Ainsworth, who barely
stopped a moment by her bed. Just long
enough to note the diminution of vitality
he had predicted, and no longer tried to
convert her to a belief in overalimenta
tion. A slow despair began to invade th«
poor solitary soul. And a sort of rancot
germinated In it against those whom sh«
accused of having driven her to that place
—against Frederique and Plrniti.
"She Is right. She may die now; It is
even better that she should! But I have
not had my five years of happiness with
my beloved. I will not die!"
fresh at that time as a little rosebud In
May. But I am only a little she-monkey
now! 'Little Tom' was right* But it's
all the same to me. They cannot take my
five years of happiness away from me."
Her energetic sincerity astonished Lea.
How well she understood this poor, bro
kendown, decrepit girl, dying at twenty
two years of. age! How well she under
stood that life concentrated in live years
of love and that came to an uncomplain
ing end when tho five years were over!
She almost envied the "little Bhe-mon
key." and thought:
I At such moments thp ravishing vision
the bright blue sea. surrounde-u by ver
dant cape* and beflowe-red -terraces— all
this end the l>clove*el friend with whom
she would enjoy it all would be effaced
and Its outline dim. A sudden lethargy
•would overpower her with terrible night
mares of a stone crushing her chest and
preventing ln-r from breathing; of a sud
den fall eiver a precipice with a bottom
less abyss. Le-a would compel herself to
open her eyes to escape from such terri
fying dreams. She examined the objects
eround her. Th<? lamps, shaced and low
ered for the night, gave out a yellowish
lifrht, in which the outline of everything
,eeemed uncertain and changing. Some of
the beds were as still as the tomb, the
slumbering body curiously carving the
coverlet into a sort of sculpture. But how
much suffering contended with the un
real repose of night in a hospital in that
vast ward!
A' cough would rend the air, a form
vould sit up in a bed, look around the
A certainty e,f life returned to her In an
chsolute anel victorious communion with
til that lived and palpitated in Nature's
renerous bosom, vith a passionate horror
of annihilation. With a determination to
no longer pee those beds of suffering, to
no longer hear the lamentable fits of
coughing. Fhe closed her t-yes. barricaded
herself in the past and in the future
rpoke to Georg as though he had been by
her Klde. She built plans for a long ex
istence. With an unspeakable faith she
eaw he-rsoif united to Oeorg in a marvel
ous country of luxunant vegetation under
b. burning sun— a gulf of flowers and ver
dure encircling the placid blue of the soa.
6he would see this country, ehe was sure
cf it; the vision f-ould not deceive her.
Ehe obstinatc-ly recalled it to her memory
et the critical moment* of her malady
principally at dusk, with its odor of fever
end menaces of insomnia — or when night
haunts with vague terrors nnd drowns in
despair the soul of the sick, thp night of
poiitude and pilence which netms to fore
ehadow the solitude and thence of the
cemetery.
•It must be that I an not poinjr to die "
She opene-d her eyes and looked round
the room, with its crecn walls, where,
on the luminous afternoons of
the *un floofled Its g<-.Men wave? through
calico blinds. Through the windows she
could pee th<- boughs of several'
trees jrrntly swaying in the hospital gar
cen. could r>e-rc*>lve a corner of the blue
eky cut into squares by the window
frame could her the birds twittering
blithely. A warm breeze disturbed the
blinds. :• - , i
, "No. I am not golr.g to die; I am su^-e
I am not polnp to die."
Thus, she thought, careless about the
Vordisiary incidents of life. Nevertheless,
fwhen she was installed in the lloyal Hos
pital, at the other end of London, in a
'quarter which she never remembered to
have visiu-d. even with Georg. when she
•was nothing but a number among many
others in ihe consumptive ward, wnen
Rose. Mary. Mrs. Cockington and the"
Smiths, all these who had loaned her so
ciety In the- preceding weeks, had left
her, the misery of her fate overwhelmed
her. She had accepted the hospital as a
means of deliverance from the pecuniary
anxieties which tormented her during her
hours oi Insomnia, But the horror ot this
temple of physical degradation and in
firmlty. the picture, reproduced around
her a hundred times, of the ravages of
the diseare whi< h had attacked her. the
horrible word "consumption"" recurring
time and time again in the conversation
of the aurwi-- in the remarks of the doc
tor and the questions of the assistants.
In the printod notic*»s u;x>n the wails
where ever, tho precautions to b<? taken in
cas<» of death were laid down!— all the
frightful apparatus of social indifference
which surrounds the impersonal malady
of the poor appeared hideous to her.
And for the first time she looked the
possibility of her own death in the face:
Doath: The brief word resounded in
the vacancy of her mind with the curious
precis* and cutting harmony of Us sin
gle syllable. And Lea stopped thinking
to hear it the better. Or lying with closed
eyes the ¦written word would appear be
fore her like a tangible object outlined
In shadows upon the rosy veil of her
closed eyelids. And Lea would try to
<!lstingi;ish tho form of this dreadful" ob
ject. Then from the bottom of hr-r soul
a violent shudder protected apalnst the
eound ar.d the aspect of the terrible word.
a port of mental spasm made her seek to
rirtve it away. Fhe could not sincerely
ray: "I am gninp to die." In the same
ward were a score of other beds placed
perpendicularly to the pale green walls
—two between each of the Eliding win
cows. Fhaded by calico blinds.
Usually only about throe or four of
these beds were empty; the others, neatly
tucked in. f.-ith their little light wood'
right tab!* Inside them, contained other
helpless women, almost all still young
women who eonstwd. who ppat blood, who
complained. like Lea. of pains in their
poor backs, of bleeding lacerations in
their throats. As far as regarded these
¦women, the word death had a precise
eignincance for Loa. She could imagine
them ceaslr.p to move-, their breathing
fctopped. And it was not *\-pn a mys
tery; it was simply a light blown out
that was all. But for hersr-!f, to cease to
be conscious, to cease to add links to the
uninterrupted chain of her thoughts to
no longer feel the reaction of things and.
nevertheless, to rrmain lying there in that
uarne little bed— no. she could not Im
agine it. No effort of her mind could
conceive It! •
*7v? T the workshop one morning Lea
jl \\ felt as though she were suffocating;
]r~~\ the obstacle in her throat prevent
ed her from breathing. She fell
back ia her chair and instinctively
put her handkerchief to her mouth.
In an instant it was red with blood.
Her companions ran to her assistance
and carried her to the infirmary, al
though ehe did cot lose consciousness for
a moment, t-he had another attack while
there, and was relieved by a second flow
of bluoa. which covered the bottom of a
basin, she was taken to Gower street in
& ttate ot extreme leebleness and went to
bed. The fouowing day she was much bet
ter, but ehe began to cough, and a_imost
*very at Jelt a mtie blood in her mouth.
She was not alarmed beyond measure.
6h«j had faith In the future. "I have to
t< - Georg ..,. i.:.. and belong to him, so
1 shall not aie here in this fortuitous bed. "
L.y:ng there, pale as a waxen virgin, rack
ed wuh paana m her back and her respira
tion ojiuroiiea s<j us to avoid the ms of
coughing, she had only this infantile
thought: ""What a fortunate thing it is
that my trouasea-u is finished! Now that
1 am 1:1 1 ciiinot work."
Her cainjiiets surprised thoee around
her. for they all. from tneir own observa
tion and irom the doctor's remarks, knew
how seriously ill she was. Mrs. Cocking
ton was in despair. The Smith family be
came suddenly pitiless ana tfaretittned to
leave the house if the young giri was not
cent away at once.
"But where can ehe go. Mr. Smith?"
objected Mrs. Cockingron. "The poor
child is completely friesidiess In London."
"Let her return to France, then, to her
family; or let her go to the hospital!
Where could she be oetter nursed than in
a hospital? In fact. Mrs. Cockington. you
cught to go and see the manager ot" the
place where the worked about it."
Mrs. Cockington succeeded in persuading
her boarders to have patience lor a litue
time, tstill, she felt herself becoming less
pitiful as the list cf exj.-enses caused by
the girl's illness increased, for Lea had
earned nothing for a long time. The step
suggested by Mr. Smith finally began to
appear just asid expedient. She went to
ClariES A: Sons, and was told that tiie fac
tory paid the txjHiists of the ihness ot its
workpeople vj^n condition that they en
ter the lio;.a: Working Hospital, in Com
mercial rcac. to v»hicn ins-titutioa an an
r.ulty was raid fur the purpose. And as
Mrs. Cocki:;£ton expressed some fear to
the manager about her own outlay she
was reimbursed by the sum of five pounds.
The good lady expe-cted to be greeted
With tears and protestations irom Lea
vrhen she epoke to her of the transfer, but
the girl received the news with couipicte
lndi2erer.ee. Her childhood had been too
clearly introduced to practical realities by
her elder sister and Pirnitz for her to have
the unreasoning horror of a hospital fe'.t
by the cuminon people. Besides, her heart
w«s not la the Cocking-ton household,
v;hcre the days had jiasstd without bring
ing Georg tack to her. without giving
any relief to ber anxiety. All that she
cared for was to carry away the dear
trousseau so lovingly elaborated. What
did it rr.ai.ter. therefore, whether she were
in one bed or another?
Copyrighted— CHAPTER IV— Continued.
BOOK THE THUCD.
gloom. Immobile and rigid as a specter,
and fall back despairingly on the pillow.
Faint whispers would pass from bed to
bed between neighbors. Sometimes a ter
rible voice, altered by sleep, would clamor
a eudden. terrified appeal: or a conscious
moan, a "Help, please! Help!" would dis
turb the restless slumber of the invalids,
and she would see the nurse on duty leave
the armchair in which she was slumber
ing and glide quickly, a light phantom in
white headdress and apron, toward the
patler.t who had cried for her heip. And
in the oppressive silence the clock in the
Westminster tower would ring out the
Ironical notes of its chimes.
Then the dawn would show Itself, wan
and uneven toward the windows. The
lamps seemed merely to illuminate that
part of the ceiling where they were hang
ing. The early daylight of August would
enter through all the openings, invading
the closed room, and all nocturnal terrors
would vanish and a beneficent freshness
descend upon those feverish foreheads.
Lea would fall into a profound slumber
that would have been delicious and
strength-restoring if. when she awoke to
wnrd 7 o'clock in the morning, she. had
not found herself bathed in an abundant
perspiration that transformed her night
dress and the sheets into damp rags. Then
a change of linen was necessary, with the
consequent bad temper or indifference of
the nurses, and tho pain caused by the
slightest shock :o her shoulders and back,
even to her arms and lees, for she was
now frightfully thin, in body more than
"I am finished." she said, with the poor
grating voice, due to tuberculosis of the
vocal cords. "But what of it? 1 don't
complain. I had five years of happiness
with my love. He was so kind to me! Ah!
If it had not been for his wicked mother,
who had a rich match for him, he might
perhaps have married me. Yes, 1 believe
that after a glass or so too much he would
have been quite capable of going to
church and marrying me. Bah! I would
rather die than live without him.- All that
I hope Is that I may not recover and have
to go back to work! No, I should not like
that. Luckily. 1 heard 'Little Tom' " (this
was what the patients called Dr. Ains
worth) "say to the assistants, 'That lltr
tie she-monkey won't live more than a
fortnight.' "
She burst out laughing, and then added:
'•Little she-monkey! He wasn't very po
lite. Before I fell ill. when Percy, my
lover, used to come to see me at Bethnal
Green— for we had our own little home
there; yes. and my own furniture — he
would take me In his arms and life me
up. saying: 'Dear little Mayflower. You
are well named.' And it was true. I was
gradually fallen 111 and Into poverty, was
particularly dear to her. She discovered
a sort of sympathetic similarity between
the story of this poor girl and her own.
But that which touched her more than all
was the careless, almost cheerful way In
which May Bodson spoke of her illness
and even of her approaching death. She
had, no illusions. -
Bball b« near him thl* «rv«nln«." And thj
joyouTrrace of the yonn* ilrl triumphed
over and protested a*alnst all Idea ot
m^?epei^%oor Edit* it. herself.
permit such a thing."
They left Salisbury at S o'clock by tho
express from London to Torquay. Tho
Journey was easy and silent. Edith read
the Bible, and Lea was burled lna thrill
ing, happy expectancy. Tho red earth
the green fields, the fading gollage of the
trees-all the scenery of Devonshire pass
ed before her eyes In a rather monot
onous but agreeable panoroma.
"Are you sure he will be at the station.
Edith? Oh. that nothing may detain him
or stop him at the last moment! If I
don't see him Immediately we arrive I
feel that I shall drop dead.
"How could he help being at the sta
tion?" asked Edith, raising her eyes from
the Bible for a moment. "Is he not anx
ious to see you? Did he not write and
te llea O drew ? Georg's letter from her bos
om-a leter full of poetical P"f»?» «£
exalted surprise. "You are re' u , ra *"f *°
me., my betrothed, my wife. You are re
turning. Can It be true?" For Edith, in
obedience to Lea's wishes, had only
warned Tlnka until the moment the Jour
ney was possible. Georg had learned that
Lea was in England the preceding , even-
Ing, and that she was coming to nim.
Exeter. Sherbourne. Ottery-the i towns
of the fruitful county P« sed . b * lon E.. t - h t e
line They stopped in big stations, bust
ng with trains crowded with passengers
Thin the landscape of trees, freshly
plowed fields, red earth, aealr i extended
before them with glimpses of a bluish
calm, shimmering expanse.
"Edith, look! The sea!"
Edith, smiling and quite Indifferent
about any scenery, cast a glance at the
horizon, which alternatively seemed to
grow wider and then diminish, ana im
mediately began to read again. A number
of little watering places now succeeded
each other along the railway. The mild
ness of the dying summer had prolonged
the life and pleasures of these modest sea
side resorts. Women, seated upon camp
stools, were working. Young couples
came and went, taking exercise on the
shore. Some little naked children were
her story, he bejran to advise her to re
turn home, spoke of this return a* a
duty, and demanded the address of her
relatives bo that he could write to them.
She became Irritated, took a dislike to
him, refused to Bee him, and. suddenly,
her fit of religious anxiety disappeared.
Besides, all the remnant of her strength
was dying away. She now suffered cru
elly at every attack of coughing. She
gradually lost the faith that had sus
tained her until then of meeting Georfc
again by the direct intervention of Prov
idence.
And the mirage of the dream country
that she Imagined to be the Italy so dear
to her beloved, the marvelous bay encir
cled by flower-bedecked terraces and ver
dant capes, no longer appeared to her,
although she tried to conjure up the pic
ture before her obstinately closed eyes.
And then she gave herself up. She let
herself slip along toward death, abandon
ed to herself, angry with destiny and with
the living. Long periods of prostration
plunged her in a state of complete uncon
sciousness. She recovered her senses
bathed In a cold sweat, and rather than
call the nurses to change her linen she
remained as she was, shivering between
the damp sheets. She let herself slip to
ward death, not with the smiling resigna
tion of May Bodson. tut with an indig
nant spirit, rebellious against the injus
tice of Fate, bitter with hatred for those
who had guided her infancy. The life of
abnegation and altruism that she had led
through Frederique and Romalne appear
ed to her now to have been a foolishly
wasted one. She would have liked to re
commence it, to undo the useless devo
tion that had consumed it. Oh! those pre
cious years'- Who could give them back
to her now? The fatal germ was In her.
in her bleeding bosom. After having
spent her youth and (sacrificed her heart
for the happiness of others, she was dy
ing, abandoned, upon a hospital bed.
Her condition became still worse. Sho
again began to vomit blood, which weak
ened her. Fever and hallucinations trans
ported her beyond the limits of reality
for several days. She was delirious and
no longer saw the vast ward with its
green walls, or the beds, or "Little Tom,
or the nurses.
Then this delirium, at first obscure, cha
otic and painful, little by little, settled
down into a sort of continuous intoxlca-
bar bedside, reopened tho Httl» black book
and began, to pray.
CHAPTER ?. „ —
"Isn't It time to go In, Edith, and ret
ready tor leaving?"
"No, dear; the .train doesn't leave for
Torquay for two hours yet. Rest quietly.
We are very comfortable hero."
Sitting side by side upon a bench. In the
clear, translucent shade of one of the
tricentenary elms that beautify the In
comparable Cathedral Close, at Salisbury,
Edith, in her nurse's costume of blue
serge and white linen, and Lea, In a long
traveling cloak of fawn-colored cloth,
were talking quietly.
Their eyes were enchanted by the old
etone monument, surrounded with velvety
lawns and majestic trees and, as u border
to the square, the old gabled houses of
the Middle Ages; so old! so old! with their
peaked roofs and little diamond-shaped
window panes; so old! and yet young be
side the .venerable basilica!
Edith watched over her companion with
maternal solicitude. Lea was dear to her
when they used to meet every day In
Clariss & Sons' workshop. But since she
had, so to speak, torn her out of the grasp
of death she had felua concentrated, pas
slonato love for her which stirred her
usually calm soul to its depths. Death, in
fact, loosed its grip. Lea still appeared
thin and feeble, but it was the thinness
and feebleness of convalescence. Her
bright eyes lit up with hope, her red lips,
the rosy coloring of her cheeks, all testi
fied to the longing, the will, the power
to love.
Fifteen days had sufficed to bring about
this transformation. The day following
Edith's return to London after the death
of the young. woman whom she had been
nursing she received Lea's letter. She
had immediately gone to Mrs. Cocking
ton's and from there to the hospital in
Commercial road. As she had remained
Jr. correspondence with Tlnka, she knew
the Ortsens' address, something that had
-been ignored at Free College for the last
two months. They were all at Torquay,
In Devonshire— Hoedel and his wife Tinka,
the two girls, Carola and Ida. and also
Georg, who was still inconsolable, worn
with anxiety, incurable in spite of the
time that had elapsed.
The magic of those words,- "I know
where they are: we will go to them," had
Slttlng upon the forms with which this
promenade was provided. Lea noticed a
number of wasted figures, some of them,
wrapped In shawls In spite of the heat.
Her heart throbbed painfully, for in their
attitude and faces she recognized the ter
rible malady of which she had believed
she was dying. Gcorg divined her
thoughts and tried to amuse her by show
ing her the pier that the landau passed
upon the right, crowded with people lis
tening to 'a German orchestra playing.
Georg kissed Lea's ungloved hands.
"This part of the southern coast la
more favored than any other spot In this
foggy Island. When you dreamed of It.
Lea, you dreamed of Italy, for even tho
bay of Naples is not more enchanting."
The carriage was now passing the rocks
that they had seen before them a few
moments ago. They could se the whole
of the western promontory, the lowest of
the two. from Cape Corbyn to Brixham.
The rocks which shut In the road at first
soon fell back upon the left, with a prom
enade constructed along part of tha
cliff s-
"You little foolish thing." said Edith
smiling, "you are not dreaming. Why
should you be astonished that we have
such magnificent scenery in England?
England is the most beautiful country In
the world!" *
"Yes, I have already seen this place In a
dream, with that sky and sea, those ter
races, that red earth, all these flowers
and the balmy air. But I thought I was
dreaming of Italy. Can It be possible
that I see all this and yet am still In
England? My thoughts are so confused
and lost. Georg, dear Georg. I .cannot
believe it Is a dream."
Lea's gaze took in all this expanse of
fclue sea and sky. the brightness of every
thing, the splendor of the day: sho
breathed In the Intoxicating, perfumed
air. heavy with the scent of plants and
flowers. She brushed the soft, strag
gling locks of hair from before her eyea
and murmured:
A hundred yards In advance the route
turned abruptly, barred bv two big hills
covered with verdure and disposed one
above the other, like terraces or like tho
seats of an amphitheatre. Between tho
two and a little in the rear was a lower
hill surmounted by the white steeple of a
church. The richness and abundance of
the vegetation were extraordinary, a lux
uriant vegetation of a truly southern pro
fusion. The hills were literally two gigan
tic heaps of verdure, in which the villas
appeared to be half buried, almost hidden,
for nothing could be percerved above tho
foliage except a few slate* roofs, turned
a metallic color by the sun. and the ar
rowlike glaring white stono steeple.
In front of these hills the bay extended
to the horizon In blue splendor— the green
ish blue of a pale turquoise— an Immense
semicircle embraced between two lone
rocky capes, like the claws of a crab'
with Brixham at the end of the promon
tory on the right and Torquay at the end
of the promontory on the left. All that
could be perceived of the rocks between
the trees and plants was bright red In
color— the red of broken brick. The ver
dure subjugated the rocks as If under a
crushing load. Beyond the two promon
tories was the open sea. melting Into a
paler sky. All the bay was alive and
palpitating with movement and Joy un
der the glorious sunlight. Yachts rock
ed at their moorings, boats glided about
under the rhythmical cadence of their
oars, yawls bending under the breeze*
sped along over the surface of tho water
like marine birds. A little puffing steamer
was making the cross voyage between
Paignton and Torquay.
Until the moment that the landau turned
this bend in the road Lea had really seen
only Georg. She had perceived as a sort
of indistinct background the surrounding
scenery, the broad, white roadway, separ
ated from the sea by a rousrh stone para
pet, and bordered upon the left with well
kept lawns and English parka, with their
halls hidden amone the shrubbery. In her
delight at being with Georp asaln. a Georg
who resembled the one she loved for
merly, she glanced around and examined
the wooden he1srht3 and the surrounding *
landscape slowly.
"Oh!" she cried, "I have already seen" —
She did not finish her sentence, and con.
tlnued looking.
Lea cherished this air of weariness. It
was that of the Georg she preferred, tha
only one who could render to her the re
membered sweetness of tho kiss he had
given her at Richmond.
The road followed by the carriage skirt
ed the bay for more than a mile between
tho station and the town. At about half
the, distance it turned at rlt?ht angles
around a line of high hills, and thence
continued at the foot of this natural wall
toward Torquay.
for example, hi* taklnjr away his •!***£
Ttoa?SSmthrconJuiiIhom«? Orwould
ltbe tho Georg Ortsen transformed— like
so many artlsts-by a southern clioe and
art* a Georg enraptured with a luminous
life initiated In the secrets of voluptuous
ness; the imperious conqueror w££* 8 if us l
gled for Lea with «™*« •»? 1 ?"?
End for a moment dreamed of bearing her
away from them? The uncertainty be
came almost torture to Lea. It appeared
to her that the moment when her doubt
would be dissipated retreated interminably
as though in a nightmare, and that never,
never more, womd »ha know him. would
she- see him.
And it was really an awakening start.
the arrival of Torquay, the stoppage or
tho train in the long, low-roofed station,
the hubbub and tumult of the departing
passengers, and the confused vision— a taii
man dressed in dark gray, who rushed to
ward the door of the carriage, ana then,
the close embrace, and their names united
in a double cry.
Oh. the mystery of the first glance ex
changed by two beings who nave long
been separated and wnose minds during
the separation have been full of the ab
sent ene's image, the last on© retained
upon the retina! In that first glance, and
in .that one alone, they compare the real-
Ity^with the rememDered portrait. It be
comes more material and visible under tho
features they now gaze upon. Then svd
denly, like the breath upon a mirror, the
mark of time evaporates and disappears.
the visage of yesterday and the one of to
day mingle imperceptibly, and the new
Imprint is lost in the old and deeper one.
Ihe open landau carrying Georg, Edith,
and Lea along the road leading from tho
station to the town by the seashore had
scarcely turned the bend of the bay be
fore this mysterious fusion of yesterday
and to-day had been consummated. Yet.
If Georg had seemed to Lea less enfeebled
than she had imagined from Tinka's novel
what a heart-breaking shock was his to
Bee Lea so changed! At the very moment
even when he embraced her. a brutal con
viction overpowered him: — "She is lost!"
A few minutes had passed, the carriage
was rolling along between the lawns
and the bay. and already Georg's eyes
could no longer distinguish between tho
old portrait and the new. And at tho
same time his piercing certitude became
feebler, combated by the deceitful sug
gestions of reflection, longing and invin
cible hope.
They did not speak. Their souls wero
too full of grave cares to seek an outlet
In Idle words. They regarded each other
with avidity, and peace settled gradually
In their hearts. Lea was sitting at tho
back of the landau beside Edith, whoso
kindly, comical face— two childlike eyes,
a big, straight cut mouth and a tiny nose
nestling between two pincushion cheeks —
glowed with kindly joy. Georg, sitting on
the front seat, stooped toward Lea, hold-
Ing her hands and devouring her with his
gaze. She. with her beautiful eyes, larger
and more ardent than ever, slowly cax
¦^ssed the face, the dress, tho entire persoa
9f Georg.
She examined, as though she had never
leen before, the natural curls of fair hair
clustering under the white straw hat with
Its black ribbon. The smallnesa of tho
head, remarkable for such a tall man. was
even accentuated by the long, slender
throat. His pale visage, of a pallor tinged
with warmth by the tan due to the sea
air, displayed a profile of a delicacy that
was almost feminine, particularly In tho
outline of the narrow forehead, the fin©
chin and the almost affected grace of tho
mouth. The deep set, green-gTay eyes and
the mustache, not so fair as the hair —
heavy and warlike, so to speak— vlrilized
the extreme beauty of the head. Georg"
was dressed like an Englishman, in a
dark gray, woolly Jacket, but a large tie.
loosely knotted around the upright collar
with a rather negligent elegance, replaced
the narrow butterfly bow that was fash
ionable just then. With her wasted hands
clasped in the strong brown hands of
Georg Lea looked at him In ecstacy.
When the train was carrying her toward
Torquay, a short time before, she had
asked herself: "Which Georg am I going
to see again? The one whom I knew be
fore his initiation or the one after? Tho
chosen brother or the imperious conquer
or?" And now that he was before her
ehe could not have replied to herself. Tho
man she saw was different from the two
others and yet borrowed something from
each of them. The tan of the face, and
perhaps the outdoor life of fatig-ulns
walks and dangerous cruises which ho
had led for a year, had preserved in him
the energetic and yet deliberate air that
had distressed Lea when she had seen
him In Paris upon his return from Italy.
But all the despotic violence had disap
peared, and even at times his glance, tha
poise of his head, and the movements or
his wearied hands, the troubled tone of
his voice, recalled the lethargical bear-
Ing of former times which had made
Frederique and Lea compare him to a
warrior, of the Scandinavian paradise
struck down by some secret wound.
THE SUNDAY OAIiI*.
(Continued Next Sunday J
Her hospital companions, almost all
London workwomen — for the Commercial
Road Hospital had been founded by sev
eral big London manufacturers who had
formed a syndicate in the cause of chari
ty—talked with her freely. She had been
too well trained in Paris and London, as
a teacher and apostle, by Mme. Sanz,
Edith Craggs, Frederique and Ilomaine
Pirnitz not to know how to speak to them
and to mak« herself beloved by them. One
of the women. May Bodson, a little bur
nisher, who had run away from home
with a lover and, abandoned by him, had
in her face, and the least touch bruised
her.
When once more in bed, with dry linen,
she would give way to a melancholy pros
tration as though she had been beaten.
She would slumber again, half conscious
of tho gentle murmur that awaking day
reanimated in the big ward. Breakfast
would be brought to the patients, the
plentiful breakfast of the Anglo-Saxons,
fried .soles, tggs and smoked bacon, gril
led kidneys, murmalnde, all washed down
with scalding hot tea or coffee and milk,
for the' phvsucian of this ward. Dr. Alns
worth of the Itoyal Medical and Chirurgi
cal Society, was a believer in and advo
cate of over alimentation as a cure for
consumption. Nothing that the patients
desired to eat was refused them. Some
abused this liberty and devoured extra
ordinary supplies of hard boiled eggs,
with quarts of milk, between the four
regular dailv meals. Ix-a ate but little;
all food disgusted her. and she finally took
nothing but a little tea. an egg and some
buttered toast. Dr. Ainsworth was very
angry with her and accused her of ob
stinacy and ill will.
"You will never recover unless you eat.
Simply owing to your ailment you lose an
amount of vitality daily which is, let us
say. compared to the total amount of your
vitality as 1 is to 20o. And yet you re
plenish nothing, because you don't eat!
You can calculate for yourself the mo
ment when your vitality will be ex
hausted."
His pupils, gathered around the bed de
lighted will the mathematical precision of
his formula, agreed with him. Lea closed
her eye-s: her modesty was no longer
wounded by the caze of these men, who
regarder her as n subject for a medical
demonstration. She simply wished they
would leave her alone; that they would
no longer sneak to her of food, of which
even the thought made her feel faint.
The doctor, a little, bearded, gesticulat
ing individual, would lead his band of
pupils to another bed. Then the rest of
the day. until nlehtfall, was fairly sup
portable to the Invalid.
She suffered very little, and the Intens
ity of her thoughts and longings was suffi
cient to nil the wearily long hours.
reanimated Lea. She had Immediately
submitted to Dr. Ainsworth's prescrip
tions. She ate the dozen hard boiled eggs
and drank the four quarts of milk a day
in addition to the ordinary meals. She
was in a hurry to get up and walk; to go
away, but at the same time she begged
Edith 'not to warn Georg, no"t to tell him
that she was In London. She dreaded co
sec him hasten to her before she had
recovered her health, before she was pret
ty again.
And it was also in order to arrive at
Torquay fresh and untired that they had
decided to break the journey at Salisbury,
the little sleepy, picturesque town hair
way between London and Torquay.
A deep, brazen tolling fell from the
stone steeple and rang through the warm,
limpid air above the deserted square,
through the half leafless branches of the
red elms and over the capriciously shaped
roofs of the old houses.
* "One o'clock!" said Lea. "Still three
hours and a half before we shah arrive!
Can It be true? Am I not dreaming? I
have dreamed it -already many a time,
Edith, and afterward have awakened
wretched upon my hospital bed. Tell me
that it Is true, that I am not dreaming."
"It is quite true, dear, and you are not
dreaming. The Lord Jesus has tried you,
has ground you like corn. But he is lead-
Ing you to your husband to-day."
And, as was her custom, she quoted a
verse of the Psalms:
"Hearken, my daughter, and see. and
Incline thine ear; forget thy country and
the house of thy father,"
"Dear Edith," murmured Lea.
With a graceful gesture she took her
In 5 both her arms and kissed her upon
"both cheeks. ; She loved her. She liked her
comforting presence and the perpetual
strain of, Christian piety with which she
accompanied the least Important occasion
of her life, .
"Don't I look tired. Edith?" asked Lea,
suddenly, after a short silence.
"You look as though you had been 111
and were, getting better, you dear little
thing," replied Edith. "But I assure you
you are very pretty."
Edith,, very coquettish for her whom she
had recreated, and whom she was so
proud to. lead to her betrothed, as she
had always hoped in former times, looR
etl at the -young girl with satisfaction,
though not without anxiety. Dr. Ains
worth had not beon too confident when
they left London.
"She- hag recovered astonishingly. She
may be completely cured, although both
lungs, and even the vocal cords, are at
tacked."
"Oh!" thought Edith. "She Is too act
ive, too beautiful. She must not die; she
cannot!" . • -
. She cast a Bldelong glance at Lea, who
was oblivious, buried in this dreanv-"!
bathing in a creek. An this flashed past
the carriage windows like views seen in
a rapid cinematograph. Soothed by their
rapid fight and amused by the Incessant
change of the pictures. Lea gave herself
up to a delicious lethargy. As they w«.re
leaving Newton Abbot station Edith
closed her book and, leaning over toward
her companion, said in a low tone, so that
their fellow-passengers could not overbear
her:
"You remember what you promised me.
Lea?"
"Yes, dear," replied Lea: "I remember."
She pressed her hand as though to sea]
the vow she had already made. This
promise, which Edith had demanded and
insisted upon before she would consent to
take Lea to Georg, was that as soon as
they were at Torquay they should be mar
ried by a priest. It was only upon this
condition that the pious little creature
would lead the betrothed girl to the arms
of her sweetheart.
"And you will not wait until you are
quite better? As soon aa .it is possible
you will send for the clergyman? In fact,
I will look after it myself."
Lea smilingly said yes. The religious
fervor which she had felt awakening with
in her at the threshold of St. Augoisttn's
Church the evening of her departure from
Paris, and later In the hospttal during her
conversations with Father Patrick, was
no longer as keen as formerly. And yet
she was pleased with the thought of kneel
ing at Georg's side before a minister of
her traditional religion. Georg would
certainly agree to it, if only to save dear
Edith from a horrible grief.
The sea was no longer visible. The train
was flying across an undulated plain, bor
dered on the left by low hlll9. One of the
travelers looked at his watch and said:
"Another ten minutes beforo we reach
Torquay. We are late."
Lea, quivering with nervous emotion,
felt her thoughts full of Georg. She di
vined him yonder, waiting upon th^ sta
tion platform for the arrival of the train
awaiting her with an emotion that equal
ed her own. She. felt, so to speak, her
longing go out to meet him before her.
She wished to conjure up his image in her
mental vision. She closed her eyes, bent
all the strength of her imagination and
memory upon it. But the rebellious vision
eluded her, or rather became double.
Which Georg was she going to meet in a
few moments?
The one she had known and left In Lon
don—the only one whom she could have
loved then, because ho appeared to her
under the unexpected and extraordinary
form of a chaste man, indifferent to all
sensuality, obedient to the injunctions of
his conscience, even to the extent of ac
complishing deeds that the ordinary hu
man being looked upon as madness, as,
: "Yes; I know where they are. I will- tell
you, and we will' go'and reioln them as
Boon as you are well enough." ' '
Lea drew. a deep breath, as In the time
when her lungs caused her no suffering.
"We shall leave? .We shall go to them?"
she said. "Then I want to live." •.>_¦
She closed her eyes obediently and fell
Into a deep sleep, while Edith, Bitting by
"Do not leave me!" she repeated.
"No. Now so to sleep. , I will talk to
you at breakfast. All is well."
"Do you know?" began Lea. ¦
She could say no more, so extreme was
her weakness. But Edith had under
stood. ¦;¦ ¦ .
"Don't excite yourself," sold Edith, lay
ing Lea's head and shoulders back upon
the pillow. "Try to sleep until breakfast,
then we can talk. I received your letter
at last, after it had followed me , for a..
long time. I have been here for two
days."
"Don't leave me!" begged Lea.
The Increasing daylight showed to the
sick girl's eyes the odd rosy face of Edith,
more extraordinary than' ever In her
nurse's costume. And Lea could not look
at Edith long enough. Hope returned to
her suddenly. She had come back from
the bottom of the pit to light and life.
LEA
6
fier Companions Ran to Jter Assistance.GLANCE their many twinkling
feet, sang the poet. He was a
poet of some time ago, but you
might think he was writing this
season, mightn't you? And that he had
been carrying his eyes low along Market
street after tome matinee, or at some tea
tipple where poets may enter, or along
some beach promenade. For never had
feet so many kinds of twinkles as those
of 1*X>.
Shoe people have been putting their
bead* together to think up new wrinkles
for this season's fashions. It is a way
they have every year. Sometimes they say
r.eedle toes and scraetime3 they say
square, and this year they have struck
the harpy medium that offends neither
comfort ncr esthetics.
The truth is, every woman would rather.
In her heart of hearts, wear a shoe that
Is not only pretty but likewise easy. But
If the fashions forbid— well, you scoffers
may say if you like that ehe doesn't dare.
It sounds prettier, at any rate, to say that
«nt leethev: they are handy— that fa.
footy— for matinees and receptions when
a warm day comes along. But the dress
boot is a good substitute in most eases.
and there is hardly a foot to be found
that won't be graceful when dressed In
it. If you have the Spanish foot— the
arched one that water will run undan—
then trust to the new dress or evening
boot to do it full Justice.
French heels— tilting, piquant Franca
heels — are worn for dress. They may be
a folly, but they are Irresistible. Let
prunes and prisms revile them, but they
still hold their own. Saucy and flippant
and injurious they have been called— who
cares?
The plain opera slipper without strmy ec
THE STTNDAY OAXjIi.
flare just below the knet. .
- Petticoats will remain very flat in the
hip.' but around the extreme edge they
will be profusely trimmed and very full.
The showing of lawn dresses confirms
this prediction, as they are all simply
plaited or shirred at the back, smoothly
fitting over the hips and beginning; to
If you don't care for the sandals there
Is a bewitching slipper with a frivolous
little pointed flap of kid peeping out from
beneath a fatly puffy bow. The effect of
this slipper is a bit broad, so that you had
better not risk it unless your foot Is very,
very slender— but everybody knows that
it is.
bow Is a thin? of the past Sandals tr#
the latest; sandals of patent leather, or
of beaded kid, or of anything else that
Is dainty enough. Straps fit snugly over
the instep. It's a good idea, isn't It. for
don't you ."emember that ungodly way the
open slippers used to have of dropping or
twisting right in the middle of a waltz
1J they took It into their heads, or rather,
into thdr heels, to do so?
Mr. Kennedy, superintendent of Nolan
Bros.' shoe store, gays that for city use
the tnn shoe Is lagging this year.' No
rnore'« the pity. It always made small
feet look large and large ones still larger,
and its brag cf coolness counted for noth
ing in a San Francisco summer. For out
ing wear, though, it is the thing and bids
fair to be for a long time to come. The
athletic girl of 1900 can find a tan boot
to fit any of her needs, and a smart lit
tle affair It will be. All of these outing
boots are laced high; one of the highest
Is that for bicycle use. It can be had
In black, but a tan chrome calf Is the
Bwpggcrest thing for the swaggereat girl,
end to be quite correct ehe will look to it
that the top be of linen. Clad thus, it
would be a sin to waste her wheeling
upca lonely roads. l ; 'i -'•:'!
ehe <So*>s not count it wisdom to run op*n
eyed against the stone wall of convention.
But fashions do not forbid this year; they
ord3in the trimmest and the most sensible
Ehocs that ever woman wore. There is
no affectation about them, of either
beauty or severity.
Th* tiding boot goes up and up and
does not stop until it reaches nigh unto
the equestrienne's knees, and perhaps It
wouldn't stop then except that there
comes a limit to the time a woman can
t.I»end upon shoe-lacing. It shows the new
military heel which la one of this sum
mer's common-sense fads, and its toe
Is the one called "New London."
Eleven inches measures, the height of
the hunting boot. For golf the same
height is used, and this golf boot is at the
top notch of popularity. It is said that It
came into existence about six months ago,
when the golf skirt appeared and de
manded to be met half way. Among tho
, girls who do not go In for golf this boot
is popular, too; it helps one to climb
mountains or to tramp rough roads or to
paddle through rains. It" makes no pre
tensions to prettlness; the soles are
heavy, the toes are broadly round; but
the golf boot has proved Itself a friend In
need.
For everyday use, have English walk
ing boots. They may be had In a heavy
French kid with patent leather tips, and
their heels are sternly practical enough
to suit a dress reformer. If you are wise,
and you are, choose all your boots laced,
whether for heavy or light wear; buttoned
boots are \ steadily dying out^ for they
can't compete with lacings. They have
n't a single argument In their favor, ex
cept that they give an excuse for the sil
ver and monogrammed button-hook that
lies on your dresser. Keep the button
hook there for adornment, if you like, and
lace your boots. Your feet are not always
the same size; laces can be changed at
convenience. You don't like to have shoe
buttons pop when you are dressing to
catch the last train; laces save your tem
per. You like to show the pretty curves
of a pretty foot to the best advantage,
and no shame to you; wear laces.
Perhaps you are to stay In town this
summer, and In that case you will need
dress boots and plenty of slippers. Don't
buy many. Oxfords; they are having a
; lull this year, and be thankful that the
styles spare you many a cold. You might
as well have one glittering pair of all pat-
7
Shoes From Nolan Bros.', Shoe Company—Photos by, Alisky.
FLEURETTE
ON WHOSE SHAPELY FEET WERE DISPLAYED THE
SURROUNDING ARRAY OF FOOTWEARTHE SUNDAY CALI,.
EASY STEP FROM ONE HUNDRED YEARS BACK TO TWENTY-FIVE - WHEN YOU KNOE NOW
8
fT is an easy enough matter to retreat
. from the asc of 100 to 25 in three hours,
o provided you know how. There is to
be found an opera wherein the "magic
kiss" is supposed to do the whole thing.
It is a very pretty theory, and, taken al
legorieally, Where's the cynic who dare as
sert there's nothing in it? But taken lit
erally, grease paint is at the bottom of it.
Eowin Stevens, or Baroa de Grimm, sets
out upon his evening's jourr.ey as a cen
tenarian, passes by way of a doddering
c:d beau to a tartly middle-aged hunts
man, and winds up as a smartly groomed
and gilttcriasr y<~ung officer. The kiss does
r.ot do It and the make-up does.
In the lace of the fact that he owns to
be:rg; of an artist himself. Mr.
Steve::s nates that the ability to draw
has nothing in the world to do with the
ability to make up. "It's one thing to
make Hr.es that will mean something on
canvas or paper.** ho says, "and quite an-
loned cacn nis" 1 - anu «* re »«»*=« v* mean*
of "spirit sum." a preparation made for
the use of actors.
The last act of "Madeleine" ihowa Mr.
Stevens as a dashing young soldier of 33.
The change" takes but a few minutes. Th«
hunting costume of the Baron of 60 is
exchanged for the military uniform worn
by the nobles of the period of the play.
Once again the "make-up" 13 wiped ofr,
grease paint of a juvenile flesh color ar.l
pink powder are applied, and we see the
Baron of 25. He i3 beg^Med and be
eagled and It Is hard to believe that he la
the same man as the centenarian who
started out toothless and ridged thr»->
hours before. '• J
cthrr to :ra!<- Yi.c to fce exposed to tte
footlights-. A wrinkle is mnue in one way
in a picture ar.-J in another in a make-up."
He- hat a theory, ail his own. that th<^
character acicr develops lines in his face
from the persistent drawing of them. It
looks plausible. We all know the little
girl who bored the dimple in her chin
tilth a insistent slate pencil. .
¦
Bcfoic ihe curtain rises he Js to be foursd
In his dressing-room making ready to play
the 3g(-d Huron. After the flowing rob?
is adji:Ftod he sits before his grlass and
goe.< about tra;ihforniinq; an extremely
-vigorous tacf Into that which he fancies
a cer.tcr.arir.n might wear. Whether he
has ever et«dlecl a centenarian's wrinkles
he dees not fay. How many of his audi
ence iiave. li? does not ask. His ancient
Baj-on Ih at least convincing enough for
all fcta^e purposes.
The T-.allitl color is secured by a "grease
paint" cf pigmeiit. u . in which bismuth pre
dominates. The stick of "grease paint"
is melted in a gas flame and is rubbed on
the face, v.hi'-h is then carefully covered
xvith a white face powder.
The eyebrjowa are whitened and then
comes the cartful work of "lining ihe
face."
With a specially prepared pointer the
lines are drawn in on the forehead, the
cheeks and ihe chir.; and the effect or
sur.kon cheeks i& secured by the use of a
'.'lead-colored 1 groane paint."
A centenarian veyy rarely possesses any
teeth, ai;4 the effect uf a toothless man is
made by painting the teeth wi;h a black
color tir tlio use of black v.ax.
As in "i'aust," the change to a younger
man is nj.udc on the stage. After receiv
ing the magic kiss of "Madeleine,"? the
Karon dc CJrfmir, surrounded V>y his ser
vants, transforms his appearance in the
space of a few seconds. -The cloak and
head-dress are taken off, the Ions white
beard is removed, and presto, the Baron
i.s 75 years old. Nobody sees the attend
ant who smuggles his senility off into the
wingr. End nobody wants to ste him. He
is a worthy man v.-ho earns every red
penny of his salary, but he spoils the
poetry of thins.--.
"l don't Bad it accessary to change the
face lines for the step to seventy-five,"
Mr. Stevens Fay3,""Ior 1 f.hlnk that by
the time a man is ~r> be has acquired all
the wrinkles he has any right to. '1 de-.
pend upon dropping, tue Ions: beard and
the robe to make the chief change. Jt is
a quick matter to clap on the bag vvfg."'
Tlie firyt act ends with the Baron de
Grimm as a man of 75. As the complete
change, to a man of j'», could not bie made
on the stage, the dramatist has kindly ar
ranced for the second "magic kiss" to be
Riven out of sight of the audience, and
thus Mr. Stevens makes his most difficult
change in his dressing room.
The clothes of the man of 75 are chansed
for the hunting costume worn by a-ro
bust maniof TiO. and then comes the work
A a comp!ete change in. the "make-up."
The features of the elderly Baron are
wiped off after a liberal application of
vaseline to the face and a covering or
flesh colored "grease paint'^ is applied,
while the bluck covering on the teeth is
removed.
The lines on the face of a man of fifty
ire entirely different from those possess-
ed by a man of 73 or 100 years, and it
takes several ' minutes to "put In the
lines" which the baron of 50 years hart
acqflired by a life of hunting and hard
drinking.
The wig is an important part of this
make-up, and is what is known as a
grizzled "bald one."
After it is put on comes the blending In
of the front of the wig, with grease
Hiir.c, of the same color as that previous
ly put on the face; lines are again drawn
on the forehead, so that the most care
ful inspection by the audience- shall fail
to detect where the front of the wig
joins the forehead. The side whiskers are
made from "crepe hair"; they are fash'
Photos by Bushoell.could make ourselves safe there. But
those flying refugees were carrying the
news to Venandro Canon and before long
his scouts would be back reconnoitertng
To attack the thousand men that must
Ik; ahead of us was too much, even for
lieutenant Monroe. He decided upon a
stratagem. Calling me aside, he said:
"I wish a message delivered to Oeneral
Venandro Canon Immediately. I shall not
order you to do it, but you may volun
teer if you wish. How many men do
you want?" .
I told him that I would prefer to go
alone, as I thought that the less his force
was weakened the tetter. AIfo I felt that
I could depend upon my ability to force
my way through by a dash if nect.ssa.ry,
but to take six men through was a hard
er matter and against a thousand it made
little difference whether there were one
or six of us. , '¦' 2
Lieutenant Monroe was not s»atlsflea
that 'I should go alone, for he said he
wished to know- what happened to me
and where. ¦ .
I started with the message and six men.
We~rode peli-mfll, trying to get to head
quarters before any active steps toward
advance should have been taken and if
possible even before any plan of action
was adopted. , •
The country through which we were
passing must have been thickly .settled,
for the trails were well worn and there
were everywhere signs of such slight cul
tivation as is practiced there, but not a
living being was in »ight. nor wore they
present anywhere about. AH had been
driven to Bayombong by the dreadful fear
that they had ot the Americans.
Even the stations of the outposts yiere
deserted, and we dashed from the wilder
ness-full into the- town and garrison.
My inability to handle the i ilipino and
Tagalog dialects left in doubt as to whom
I shoufd deliver the letter An attempt
to hand it to an inferior might result in
his superstitious or malicious destruction
. of it and put an end to any hope °f suc
cess. At what appeared to be the head-
I held the letter out to a man
Sergeant Davis Tells His Story
place with a rush, as there was no other
way of concealing oui pitifully small
numbers from the inhabitants, some of
whom would, of course, escape and carry
the reports ts the main body under Gen*
\^.7 /7 E had been climb!n K th * Grand
\I\// Cnrdll| e ra s ot Vizcaya, in North
\f\tf ern Luzon, rapidly driving every
one before us. Lawton and
"VTheaton were closing in on the other side
and Agulcaldo was In the net.
He was there, but the net was long and
the mesh large. I was sergeant of Troop
B. Fourth Cavalry, under Lieutenant
Monroe. Though there were only forty
men. they were of the best and well
mounted.
01VEX DAVIS,
:c '^' six troopers, brought
eight hundred mm to a sur
render, burned their guns in front
of them and incidentally liberated
two hundred prisoners.
"Sergeant Daz>is" was a well
known name when mounted sword
contests raged in the castle on Tel
egraph Hill. In those mimic fights,
that were far from being gentle, he
defeated, not the champion of the
king billy, but the champion of the
world.
That was Jiis practice, this is the
reality.
Forty years old now he looks like
twenty-sezen and is straight as the
soldiers that stand in line in pic
tures. The sergeant was born in
J I ales end he must have been born
for a soldier. 'At sixteen he en
tered the English army, remained
there until he was twenty] then com
ing to America enlisted under our
Hag twenty years ago and has
scrzrd steadily since. Twcnty
four years a soldier and a good one.
It's a weary] long life; the thirty
battles and the malaria have made
traces on the strong face. The gen
eral hospital thinks that in a few
weeks the sergeant will be ready
for duty in the islands again. Then
back he goes, for at the end of some
period or other there is a pension;
$40 a month it will be — when it
comes. There tcil! be more battles
and more malaria; but the pension.
There arc wishers who join with
the sergeant 'in his modest desire;
the pension — long may he drazv it.
With Six Troopers This Sergeant Brought Eight Hundred Armed Filipinos to a Surrender
e<5 all too quickly !n the pleasurable rurt
of war, they had tasted the delights of
allodial freemen, untouched by the tltha
gatherer.^. Those few months were to
them like the Fourth of July to an Amer
ican "boy. Now there were their darling
guns going into the tire. When the flames
began to burn the grease off the care
fully polished barrels and stocks and tha
cartridges commenced cracking, the
beaten soldiers turned away, partly per
haps because they were afraid of being"
struck by bits of shells that were Tying
and mor j ! because they could not bear
to gaze upon their dream of the cen
turies ending in the black srnoke which
rose from a pile that was nothing less
than the funeral pyre of their nation. ¦
But there was unother thins that the
cartridges celebrated, and that mas tha
liberation of . nearly 200 prisoners and ths
escape from Imminent death of a «Tna.n
pinch of very thankful troopers.
who was evidently an orderly. He !n
turn delivered it to the general himself.
We were placed under a painful scru
tiny. We were but a pinch of men. Ten
miles away there was a handful to back
us. But there was the letter with its de
mand for surrender and a statement —
what that was J will not say. Then ther%
were our faces. I have stayed in a poker
game on a very small hand once in a
while, but that was' the smallest yet.-
Still the hand could not be played to win.
A bluff was all that we could make and
our lives wtJre at rtake.
Questions were directed upon us In
every way. possible, seeking to discover
affairs, for Venandro Canon was a man
who had been educated in France and
had Western, skill grafted upon Oriental
cunning. ¦
For each question there was the same'
answer, "The letter." Upon that our
lives were hanging. What was In it we
cral Venandro Canon, the engineer officer/
•who was in command at Bayombong. f
Our rush was a grand, success. The:
United States forces had licked the Span
ish, and the Spanish had mastered the
Filipinos. Stories of the awful Americans,
mounted on flying monsters that came
charging through the air In the face of
death, clearing all obstructions— stories
; told them by the Spaniards of the fright
ful ferocity of the white-faced devils— all
these things had put thorn In a frame of
mind such as only a child In the dark
knows.
So when we charged on the garrison of
Dupax there was nothing resisted us but
the houses and the deserted barricades,
.over which we leaped our horses without
Inquiring what was ahead of us.
That is the way to get the good effect
of cavalry. It was the same story as all
of the successful cavalry charges that
ever were made. Just sit down and ride
for all you know, iho faster -the better. -
The expectation of a hot fire was agree
ably disappointed, and when the dust
rleared away we saw happy faces, for the'
first time in many anxious days. |
I have been about horses, and particu
larly cavalry horses, all my. life, , and <lt;
always makes m** wonder what people cant
be thinking about when they say, as each}
new improvement in transportation la.
adopted, '•Well, now, the horse has had;
his day and will soon be a thing of the',
past." . >
The stone church at Dupax was. solid i
enough to Btand all the artillery -that
could be brought to bear on It, so wo
TY> had bern. ascending the river "bci
and came to where tho trail struck up the
mountain fcide. At the foot of the trail
was a barricade, defended only by bolo
men. H»ey had evidently expected an at
tack by infantry, and seemed to be com
pfctely knocked out t.y the sight of us on
our monstrous horses. The people of the
islands arc small, and their horses are
fc-malj«>r Mill in proportion.
Beautiful little animals they are— not as
larce as a Shetland pony, but more grace
f«;l aud Blender, Their weight runs from
to 3iO Hounds'.
When the I-Momcn raw our Ptature and
1he size of cur hnrbes they believed they
were in ibe pae*eace of miracle workers.
They beg0C<) usj upon their knees, not to
kill them.; We promised thorn tl:cir livts
.-.nd fre«-dom provid< d they would tell u.-»
truly as to tho number and location of the
BoMlen behind thorn.
They said that tho entire trail to Dupax
w.-i?= furtilird by stone barricades, and that
beMnd each barricade were soldiers with
Matis«-rs and fcolomen with kiis and ba
rangfl That was a Kroat system of fight
ing they hud— they carried »o guns, leav
ig thai'to the ri.'i<rnen. In th«ir left hand
was a short kris. in their right a long ba
jang. Advancing with the left hand they
present tlic wciikot part «f their offensive
weapon? and tlius deluding their adver
sarv Into tho r.llcf that they are but
l&btly anaexKUsey draw him into close
quarter* and Rive h!m the Impression that
he hay easy came; then they end the de
lusion with one long rigbt-arm ewir.s or
the barang. - !'.¦¦:'..
To JigU our way up a mountain trail
four feet wid^. with a clfff on one side and
a jurcy-ofl on the other, and hundreds of
trurh devilish bolomcu ahead, was an im
possibility.
There was b'Jt one trail up the moun
tain, but by making a detour through a
Kteen canyon, supposed to be fuil of lgor
rotcs, we couid land on the top of the
mesa A Final! detail of men was sent on
this risky mission. They succeeded in get
ting to tho top of the mesa and fnund the
load of the trail. .A.s they descended they
saw the soldier* titling with their rifles
pointing <!own the trail, whence the at
tack was oxpectod. Our men rushed upon
them and look them without a shot, bo
unprepared were they for a roar attack.
The prisoners capturod were made to
accompany our men and explain th« loca
tion of the other barricades, which were
taken yuccossivcly in the Bame manner as
the first. There was now a clear trail to
the top and nothing to hinder our taking
Dupax except its garrison, consisting of
perhaps fifty rren. ; ;
l^Ieutenai:t llonice u— -cd to take tlift
THE STTNDAY CAL.L.
did not know, but we could well lmagina
that It cave no inkling of the weak
ness of our party. We had to control our
faces, our gestures, even our heartbeats
that seemed first trying to break our rlba
and then stopping still. We whitened as
the spirit of the soldier mob vacillated.
At last it was over. The words of the
letter, the manner of the bearera, per
haps; something toldthem that their hope
of life lay only in surrender.
When all was ready SCO men. the main
body of Agulnaldo"s army, were drawn
up on one side of the street: on the other
were 173 Spanish and nine American pris
oners*. Tho Filipinos %vere ordered to ad
vance in single file, unload their guns and
pile them on the ground together with,
thrir cartridge belts and carr'ers. When
all were in one groat heap we ordered
them to send* a small detail of men to*
bring fuel and pile upon the guns. Good
•guns they were, soo of them, but wo had
enough to do with, and there was no
way of disposing of those guns in tho
enemy's country except to* destroy them.
Any attempt to carry them away would
have made us a murk for recapture. It
was a hard blow to the natives to see
their guns being prepared for the sacri
fice-
Ever since Magellan called at the Isl
ands those fellows have been wanting
guns, but it was again? t the Spanish rules
for any persons to have firearms in their
possrssion, unless by permission of an of
ficer in very high authority.
When tho rebellion began they were all
nrmcii with knives only, for the Spanish,
hail no law against knives. Then with,
frcfil-.m came gunpowder, which waa
brought In by the Chinese filibusters and
blockade runners. Guns were harder to
get, but they hrul enough mod Is and they
copied afttr tlitm. making guns out oC
iron ptpe by plugging the end of the bar
rel and then boring a small touch, nola
in the breach. With this mounted on a
home-made stock, a horn of powder, some*
round stones for bullets and a box of.
matches to touch off the gun. the Fili
pino was off to the war to fight against
the taxation which ha said was morn
than he could pay.
Of course a man who will go out ana
fight with such poor weapons Is a pretty
serious sort of a person, and he will not
readily yield, even to a manifestly supe
rior force. «¦
For nearly four centuries they had been
dreaming of the delights of being free
men, with guns to shoot and no taxes to
pay. For a few months, which ha<* «— —
9WITH IX the past rew weeks the
new steel 6team yacht Dreamer
was -delivered to Thomas W.
Lawson. her owner, at Boston."
by J. Frederick Tains in person,
¦who represented the firm of
Tarns. Lemoine & Crane of New York,
the designer* and superintendents of the
yacht during her construction at the yard
of Lewis Nixon of Elizabethport. N. J.
. The Dreamer Is a representative pleas-
¦ure vessel. Much thought -was given to
her many details and the vessel Is emi
nently satisfactory. She Is, in fact, an
up to date craft in every' particular. Every
room In the ship, including officers* and
seamen's quarters, has separate and Inde
pendent air and light. The deckhouse,
skylight*, bulwarks and rails are of teak,
the framing of the deckhouse being of
galvanized steel.
In the Interior work oak, natural color,
has been trart In the oining-room, smok
ing-room, vestibule, on deck and in the
library below. The deck boudoir is fin
ished in white, with. old rose colored up
holstery, while green Is the prevailing
color in the oak rooms, the frieze panels
and sofa3 in the library beiner tapestry.
Mrs. Lawson's room is finished in ivory
white, the panels and' bed hangings being
of pink silk;*: with linen -lace applique.
The furniture In Mr. Lawton s room is
old mahogany, with delft blue and ecru
furnishings on ecru ground.
Blistered ash, maple, "cherry and ohk
are used in the remaining five rooms in
the family quarters, while cretonne up
holstery is varied in each room. ?.
The bachelors* rooms aft are finished in
mahogany, with dark blue' furnishings. ;
The Di earner's electric generating plant
and storage batteries are of very large
capacity, so that\there needbeno neces
sity for shutting off any one set of lights
or other* electric -work, as is often the
case when the decoration or search lights
are in use. In the electric system are in-
eluded an electric windlass, electric curl
ing-iron heaters in all the ladies' rooms,
electric cigar-lighters in the bachelor
quarters arid smoking-room, electric fans
in all. the main rooms and passages and
in the officers' quarters.
Connected with the running lights is an
indicator on the bridge which automati
cally indicates whether. the running lights
are In order and shows when any light Is
out. The log has electric connection with
the bridge to a register, so that the rate
and distance run can He seen by the officer
on duty at a glance. The engine Is also
electrically connected with the bridge to
an indicator which shows whether the
engine is going ahead or astern. Irrespec
tive of what the mechanical telegraph
may Indicate. ¦
. A powerful searchlight is placed on the
forward part of the sundeck. There 13
also on the bridge an automatic fo*- con
troller and recorder, by which a -whistle
can be set to blow automatically at any
time, and the time aryl duration of the
blasts are recorded In the chartroom. so
that In case of any question arl3!ng from
collision or otherwise mere la a aettnita
record, instead of relying on the testi
mony of more or less excited persons.
The yacht has a complete refrigerating
system, while the evaporator and distiller
has a fresh water making capacity of
about EOft gallons per day.
The yacht carries six boats— a naphtha
launch, an uncapsizable. seir-rightlng life
boat, a one rater sailboat, a shin's gailln?
cutter, ship's dingy and owner's rowin*
boat.
i THE STJNDAY CAISL.
10
THE MOST
LUXURIOUS
YACHT
IN THE WORLDis what is known as the "Bloating Society
of Christian Endeavor,", an organization
composed of young people of the various
denominations. They have built a gaso-*
line launch; board ships as soon as possi
ble after they enter the harbor, hold at
tractive services there, and bid the sailors
welcome ashore to the reading rooms, the
5 o'clock teas and the quaint^ prayer ser
vices which are led from the "deck of th©
ship; in the chapel.
There was kindness in the heart of the'
man* who suggested that pulpit., A sailor
off ship 13 usually as lonesome as a ch-Ick
•which has lost Its mother unless he can
seo the familiar sights, and there Is noth
ing: in, this ; world- on which he -rests his.
eye more lovingly than the steering wheel
of a ship, such as forms the reading desk
in the ship pulpit or the Mariners'
Church. i .'.;'¦ •
San /Francisco has been the "Jumping
off place" 1 for many who feel-that here Is
the "end of the earth," and nothing be
yond—not even ; hope. Young apprentice
eailors more than any others feel this.
They have usually been condemned to
of his allowance was spent. But drunk
or sober, no matter how thirsty he might
be, he never drew money from the bank.
He became, for a sailor, a rich man.
While his savings made him wealthy, his
sprees brought him to the notice of. the
pious mariners, who converted him.
Thankfulness with him was real and he
gave the church $10,000 for a "windward
anchor." As the church has Just barely
enough for current expenses, it was only
by means of using this repair fund that
.the building has been able to keep above
.ground.- . i
The Mariners' Church observes Sunday
-in liberal fashion, having tea for sailors
)ln harbor after the day's devotions, and
in tnat way keeping the congregation
"from drifting apart. The refreshments
)are served by the ladles of the church In
i. the 'gallery, where there are tables and
l cooking necessities.
' While this day is devoted to the Lord,
* sailors arc r.ot allowed to go to the devil
)on other days. To entertain and instruct
.thbse of the seamen "who ha\-e leisure,
\ three free/reading rooms are maintained
at the church. The English reading room'
j"was the lirst established in San Francisco.
) The second room contains French books,
and papers. The third/Just
Nopened, is a German reading room, and is
'the first and only German free reading
("room in San Francisco.
/ One of the most -valuable aids of the
jhumble little church, in its unending task,
his wages after each payday and going
on a tearing spree with the remainder,
returning to his work only when the last
*^-T CHURCH with a chip In It. and
f I on the Quarterdeck an "ancient
r^— J mariner." almost as Coleridge de-
j FCTihed him, preaching to a. con-
X grogation of Baity Jack Tars,'
gathered from the ports of the
five continents and unnumbered islands of
the earth.
That Is briefly the Mariners' Church on
the water front. Under the same spire
and Gothic roof nestle the oddest little
church in America, and the headquarters
of a large and busy steam laundry.
There is pood thrift in this, for the rents
of the ground floor Manchisserle have for
years fco!r*ed to support the soul-cleans
ing efforts uristalrs.
It is a carious place of worship; odd in
more than one way. In architecture, it
follows tbe conventional Gothic of half
o. century ago. with an extreme spire.
Rut there the conventionality of th«
church ceases.
Insioe of the building Is part of the
hull of a ship, which constitutes the pul
pU. and a desk at the steering wheel
6erves as the altar.
It is one of the nldest places of wor-
Eh'.p in the city, and has been a fixture in
Its present location for forty years, while
Its sectarian t-isters have moved about,
following the vagaries of their fashiona
ble parishioners, or boldly adventuring
into fresh .fields when grass grew short
for the paster's flock.
The pulpit of the Mariners' Church Is
a beautiful piece cf marine architecture,
bring an accurate reproduction of the
stern of the historic clipper ship "Ycut.g
America," which ruled the. seas by grace
and speed during the few years when the
American merchant marine .had its as-
cendency.
This part of a ship which nerves as pul
pit is built with the Fame careful meth
ods of construction as a real ship. Tfc-j
narrow planks are ail sprung into place
and fastened snus at the butts, the taff
rail. deadlights, rudder and steering wheel
are a'l in their proper positions, made
by a conscientious shipwright who built
a pulr:t 3fter the only model that he
knew, the quarterdeck, where services are
held at fca.
It is an allegory which a sailor can un
derstand, too, and rr;id from it more than
we could gruels in an hour.
All his life long he looks to the few feet
cf planks that make the quarterdeck as
the peasant looks upon the throne.
Princes and policemen may rule on
phore, hut the captain is master on the
thip. so there Is no prettier or more nat
ural idea for a pu!pit in the mind of tha
Bailor than the wheel deck of a vessel.
The Mariners' Church originated In a
little chapel brilt on piles over the mud
rear Pacific-Ftrect wharf by a converted
mate cf a ship.
It was a small building, which swayed
end recked on its worm-eaten piles, when
ever it rcrryboat bumped against the
wharf, ur.til even the faithful would no
longer tempt Providence by attending.
In 1SJS. the present pastor, the Rev. J.
Rowel!: took possession of the rickety
building and held services there for some
yeara.
That was a time of rush and enterprise.
Business and pleasure both went on the
jump, and religion was not behind them.
This was best jehown by the energetic
work of a Jew who had Joined. the band
This rr.an knew the value of personal
The Youngest Theatrical Manager
in America
rft jcu snou:a afk many an old theater
man what is the, training of a theatri-
j! cal manager he would tell you that a
¦* thorough education as a callboy is"
ierdp<i, a course in ushering, another in
akhic ticket.-, an advanced course in pell-
ng them, several years' study in "sup-
r.?," several more in acting and that by
:he time you had reached a weary middle
:ge you might, provided that you tiad orig-
ir.BlIy been born with a genius for it, be
:orr.peur.t to take a handful of mummers
3tlt barnstorming.
<"*harlpy Tha!! doesn't care a sour pickle
for what these old fogies say. Mark Thall
ts his father and Mnrk doesn't care an-
other sour pickle. They have both de-
rided that Charley cazi just as well have
a company all his own as if he were
more than 17 years old. So he is about
to start out as the youngest theatrical
mar.ager in the United States.
Even though he is only a youngster he
has been through as varied a course of
theatrical sprouts ae a good many people
twice" his age. He has worked on both
hi<lcs- of the footlights ever since he was
big enough to work at all.
Turn vpm airo <^h-irle\- Thai! nlavori a
Two >ears ago Charle> Thall Pla>e<J a
real part before real people and Einee then
he has regarded theatrical matters from
a seriousiy Drofessioaa." oolnt o/ view, climb?
"The First Born" was friven in San Fran-"*
cisco, you may remember, hy a company^
of young, folks and Charley was entrust-.}
ed with the part of the. pipe mender. ,
Several times since then he has played'
and he has tried the other end of the'
business, too. He attended to the press!
and advance work for the Curtis season
when "Sam'l of Posen" was the bill. Now
this chip of the old block has taken unto
himself a company of farce comedians
and he is about "to take them on a tour
through California's mining towns.
Frank Boggs is one of the company, as is
also George Hernandez and Herman Wes
terfeldt. The principal women are Mary
Walker and Seranita Guiteras and Lillian
Jiaward. Now they ure nearly all old
hands at it— people who have figured in
the ups and downs of more curtains than
Charley Thall will have counted for sev
eral years yet. What is to be the out
come? How will these people regard their
boy manager, who is fitting them out with
a list of funny plays from "The Uutta
Percha Girl" to "Dannie's Babbies" and
with a complete set ot scenery for each
play? Will they trust him as if he were
only a youngster after all? Or will he
make a record that shall upset all the the
ories that ever were cherished concerning
the foot of the ladder and a long, slo'v
climb?
The Oddest Church in San Francisco
even knowing that our city has better to
offer them.
Five thousand sailors on the road to per
dition have been brought abont. headed
oft a lee shore cf bars and breakers and
put on the right tack by the light of the
church of the ancient mariner.
The most remarkable of all of its many
conversions was effected, so the story
runs, by that ornamental hut usually
Indolent architectural exuberance, tha
Bteeple. It came about in this way. A
seagoing man. who was at last account a
part owner in a profitable coasting vessel,
was at that time in the habit of going on
long and furious sprees, causing his men
tal system to go into delirium tremens.
One night during a fit of thi3 kind ho
crawled up a iadder and got out of a sky
light of one of the sailor boarding-houses
In the same block as the church and ran
over the housetops until he came to its
roof, all of the time under the belief that
he was pursued by a host of tormentors.
The steeple at last seemed to present a
refuge, and in some manner which only
maniacs or somnambulists could practice
he clawed and climbed his way up the
ehlngles until his arms clasped the pole
that tips the spire and his feet rested on
the shelving ledge.
Here the horror of his situation gradu
ally cleared the wreck from his brain.
He saw his awful position and the wasted
life which had led* to it.
He had been closely followed by two
companions.
They secured a long ladder, and lash-
Ing a flag pole to that as an ex
tension, one of them cllmbe.l the steeple
by its aid, taking a long rope with him.
Passing the rope around the pinnacle
of the spire, he tied the end of it to tho
waist of the nearly exhausted debauchee,
who was then lowered by the man below
paying out the rope. The rescuer slid
down with safety and the incident was
ended for him. But not so wtth the man
who had made the climb. He looked upon
•the adventure as devised to point a
moral.
The steeple which had nearly been his
death seemed to him to be pointing now
with all Its vast might In a direction ha
had not looked before.
His conversion, commenced above it, was
professed beneath it. though none ever
heard until long years after of the occur
rence of that night which had Impressed
them too much to be lightly told.
As is the way with many of the ex
tremely wicked who change over, ha
brought into his new life the same ener
gy that had made him the worst of bad
men. and th« result was that hs pros
pered and rapidly gained material reward
for his well doing.
That Is one case. There are five thou»
sand others to the credit of this hum
ble little house of the Lord that keeps
Its doors open seven days In the weelt
end "its heart open all the time.
Now there are seme things which are
better than money, even In these days.
There is lots of work ahead for the lit
tle church of the ancient mariner, who
shines his light by the harbor bar, when
the sailor is home from the sea.
It Is to these young men that the efforts
of the Mariners' Church are particularly
directed. Some of them are sons of peers
of England; many are relatives of men
whose wealth would startle us who sea
them wandering about the water front
seeing all that is werst of life and not
j-Ia^ tfye Steri? of a yt)\y for a pulpit ayd
a 5^a/r| Caupdry £Ji?der 5 a / T ) e R oo f-
eea for some indiscretion or weakness, and
Just as they most need counsel and ex
ample they are thrown into a blackhole
of a forecastle with a mixture of earth
Jregs for company and a brute of a man
driving second mate for their master.
Tneir arrival at San Francisco Is for
them the brink of the cliff. To again sub
mit to the privation and discipline, return
ing to their families- at the end of the
voyage as sunburned heroes, or to end
their misery by a plunge into the life
which their companions are already lead
ing on shore — that is the question.
A curious fact in connection with thij
alternate growth Is that all the hair3 of a
colony never fall out of the head at the
same time. If it were not for thi3 wise
provision many petsons would have little
bald spots on their heads. Hunfan hair la
constantly falling out, and t&«,only rea
son why it3 loss Is not more apparent is
because in each of the countless little col
onies there is at least one sturdy hair
left, and all these combine. to overshadow
the baldness. Herr Pohl's invest isatlor.a
give the deathblow to many old-time the
ories *n regard to hair, and there is lit
tle doubt that his studies in this direction
will prove of rare interest and value to
many scientists.
He further maintains that hair grows
more slowly after it is cut than at any
other time, and that several days will
elapse before It begins to grow af the
normal rate. Furthermore, he noticed that
hair after being cut does not grow in a
uniform manner. The reason la because
hairs are not Independent, so to speak,
but are clustered together in little colo
nies, each of which contains from two
to four hairs. One of these hairs always
grows faster than the others, but only
for a certain time, for before H has at
tained Its full growth the adjoining hair
begins to sprout up, and in thi3 way the
hairs of each colony successively, attain
their full length.
Srowth of the Jfuman J&air.
Some very curious facts in regard to tha
growth of human hair have jusf been pub
lished In the Dermatologlsches' Central
blatt. the author of the article being J.
Pohl. The general belief up to the pres
ent time has been that the hair. on the.
human head grows at the rate of about
thirty-three millimeters a month, but Herr
Pohl says it is not more than eleven mi'.l
meters.
And before the " hostess bad recovered:
from her surprise the climber had passed.
"My dear Mrs. Blanlc." she said gush
ingly! clasping the hostess' hand warmly.
"I was so sorry not to have been at horn*
whtn you called on Friday. . It was so
sweet of you to come so soon, and I do
hope you'll come very often. Informally,
that way."
People who go about a.nd Into society
tell me that when a woman ardently de
sires to make herself one of the favored
few of the smart set there is really noth-
Irig she will stop at. and some" of these
same persons have been telling me this
story In illustration of what they say: In
high officialdom is a little lady, dainty as
a spring crocus, who was a member of tha
Inner circle long before she became a part
of officialdom. On one of her last reception
days she was chatting with two Cabinet
women, when the servant announced the
arrival of a woman who Is struggling to
get into things as never a social climber
struggled before. The hostess knew her
by sight merely, and had never so much
as a bowing acquaintance with her, but
official people are used to seeing strangers
at their receptions, and the lady of the
house bowed with her usual graciousnesa.
The climber's quick eye took In the situ
i ation. She saw the two Cabinet women.
" and she knew they caw her. She rose to
the occasion in masterly fashion..
Setting Snto the <Smart Set.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Charles M. Thall.
Elite Photo.)
11
errorts in selling goods; and he applied
the same methods to rescuing the un
godly that he had used in running a cloth
ing store. Every Sunday, rainy or bright,
he would stand on the street corners.
seize . by-passers, bring them Into the
church and then rush out for more.
He brought hundreds of strangers to the
little church, on the harbor's edge, and
even induced other workers In tlwj church
to follow his method of propagating the
,faith.
The present building, like all others be
low Montgomery street, rests on piles,
and as those upon which it stands are
older than is usual, the building Is con
tinually settling and trying -to lose Itself
in the soft ooze which underlies that part
of the city.
It would have succeeded in Its effort
long ago had it not been for the noble
act of an American m?ji-of-warsman. Ho
had a habit of banking the larger part ofTHE SUNDAY OAIiIi.
12Standard Oil Company's premises are be
lieved to have escaped. Though the sit
uation-Is grave, the' Chinese have not
occupied Tientsin.
The latest news from Peking emanat
ing from authentic sources is to the ef
fect that there is no change in' the situa
tion. This is understood to mean that
the legations still hold out. The Chinese
surrounded them, but do not dare' to
make another attack. Apparently they
hope to starve "out those who have taken
refuge there.
GERMAN MINISTER IS SAFE.
• .
FOREIGN TROOPS AT PEKING.
BERLIN,_ June 23.— The Chinese,Minis
ter here, Lii Hal Houan, to-day informed
the Foreign Office that the German Min
ister at Peking. Baron von Ketteler, who
it was reported had been killed by the
"Boxers," was safe and well.
WASHINGTON. Juno 23.— In answer to
a request from the Navy Department as
to how many Americans were in Peking.
Rear Admiral Kempff replied under date
of June 23, via Chefu, that 30 Austrians,
75 French, 50 Germans, 79 British, 40 Ital
ians, 23 Japanese, 75 Russians and 53
American troops are In Peking. He fur
ther pays: "No news of the whereabouts
of Peking's relief expedition reported by
cablegram June 12. Japanese, expect sev-
LONDON, June 23.— Special dispatches
from Shanghai give additional details of
the bombardment of Tientsin. It is 're
ported that Tientsin has been incessantly
bombarded for the last three days. The
entire British and French f settlements
have ' been . destroyed. Heavy casualties
are reported. The Chinese number at least
15.000 inside the city, while . the^lr emis
i ..."
Chang, who is expected to follow any
policy that Is likely to result in personal
aggrandizement. Many missionaries from
Yank-tse-Kiang valley are coming to
Shanghai for safety.. Three Chinese gun
boats recently built by the Armstrongs
have arrived at Shanghai from Taku. flee
ing from the foreign fleets, leaving a
captain behind in their haste.. Two Chi
nese cruisers at Kiangylng fort, fifty miles
up the river, are kept under steam. The
forts are provided with modern artillery
and are instructed to watch for the ap
proach of foreigners'. Six American Pres
byterian missionaries from Kiangying
have arrived at Shanghai. fr
A wealthy Chinaman who fled from
Peking on the 14th says that all the lega
tions, except the British, Austrian and
Belgian, have been burned,- the foreigners
taking refuge with those three.
HORDES OF CHINESE
SLAUGHTERING FOREIGNERS
saries crowd the foreign quarters, setting
fire. to the bulWings. The Chinese, guns
are being worked steadily from the walls
of the native city. The consulates all
being destroyed, the foreigners flocked to
the town hall. The assistance of rein
forcements is implored. The Russians are
now Intrenched in the depot', resisting the
advance which the . enemy is making in
overwhelming numbers.
No word has been received from Ad
miral Seymour and it Is feafed that the
relief column fares badly. There Is an ex
odus of foreigners from the Yangtseklang
forts to Shanghai and Japan. Many con
sider Shanghai unsafe owing to the ab
sence of foreign troops.
- --.-.'- ¦.¦¦¦•¦ • „— — » :
PRINCE TUAN WOULD
. EXTERMINATE FOREIGNERS
SHANGHAI, June 23-.— Prince Tuan has
taken charge as general-in-chlef after dis
missing! Young. La, a nephew of the Env
per'or, the former, commander-in-chlef.
Prince .Tuan gave notice that he would
march- to Tientsin and sweep out the
handful -of foreigners there. -At daylight
on the morning of June 21 he attacked
the. settlements at Tientsin with artillery
and the best foreign drilled troops. . The
Chineso army had about seven. Krupps.
They managed to burn the United States
Consulate. The warehouses and' the
eral thousand troops now due. No news
from Tientsin or Peking since last re
port."
This dispatch arrived at the Navy De
partment prior to the dispatch from the
admiral announcing fighting in progress
between the Chinese imperial troops and
the international column.
FIGHTING AGAINST THE
REGULAR CHINESE ARMY
WASHINGTON, June 23.— The following
bulletin was Issued by the Navy Depart
ment: r ¦"•¦* •¦'
"Acting Secretary Hackett this morning
received a dispatch from Admiral Kempff.
filed Chefu. Juno 23, to the effect that our
marines under Major Waller, together
with 400 Russians, have had an engage
ment with '.he Chineso army near Tien
tsin. They could not break through the
line. A force numbering 2000, the admiral
reports, 's now ready to make another at
tempt."
The main importance of this dispatch is
Admiral Kerapffs disclosure that it Is the
Chinese army and not the Boxers who
are fighting the foreign troops.
PROTECTION OF MISSIONARIES.
NEW YORK, June 23.— The Rev. Dr.
Arthur J. Brown, secretary of the board
of misBions of the Presbyterian church;
received a letter to-day from David J.
Hill, Assistant Secretary of State at
Washington, which reads: »
"I have to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of the 13th lnst, in relation to
the protection of American _ missionaries
in China. In reply I have to say that
while the situation in China is very se
rious, the department has not as yet been
informed of any loss of life among the
American missionaries. Every possible
protection has been extended and will
continue to be extended to them by th!»
Government. All information received by
the department concerning the condition
of .American citizens in China will be
promptly given to the press."
APPEAL OF REFORMERS.
VANCOUVER. B. C. June 23.— The Chi
nese Empire Reform Association of Can
ada has been holding a convention here
during the past three days, with delegates
present from branches In all the principal
LEGATIONS YET SAFE.
WASHINGTON. June 23.— The State De
partment has received a letter from the
Chinese Minister, saying the Viceroy of
Nanking cabled him that the legations at
Peking are safe.
"CHEFU. June 23.— Secretary of the
Navy. Washington: Proclamation Issued
20th: The admirals and senior naval offi
cers of the allied powers In China desire
in the name of their Governments to have
it known to all the Viceroys and the au
thorities of coast and river provinces and
cities in China that they intend to use
armed force only against the Boxers and
those people who oppose them in th«
march to Peking for the rescue of their
fellow-countrymen.* KEMPFF."
WASHINGTON, June 23— The following
cable from Admiral .Kempff was received
late this afternoon at the Navy Depart
ment:
FOBCE ONLY AGAINST BOXERS.
NEW. YORK. June 23.— In response to a
cabled Inquiry as to whether their mis
sionaries in Peking and Shantung were
safe, the Presbyterian Board of Foreign
Missions, in this city, to-day received the
following reply from the Prebyterian
Mission Treasurer Elterichs. at Chefu:
"CHEFU. June 22,-Peklr.g in peril.
Shantung ordered to port."
As inerpreted by he secretary of the
Presbyterian Board of Foreign Missions.
Charles W. Hand, the dispatch mean3
that all missionaries in the province of
Shantung have been ordered by the Unit
ed States Consul to leave their mission
posts and proceed in haste to some port
where they can be under the protection of
a United States* gunboat.
MISSIONARIES TOLD TO LEAVE
Pacific Coast cities. The association has
issued an appeal to the Governments of
the United States, Great Britain and Ja
pan begging their active aid in inducing
the powers to declare a Joint protectorate
in China and undertake the government cf
that country through reinstatement on
the throne of Emperor Kwang Hsu. the
protectorate to appoint new Ministers,
and the new Government thus to be
formed to control the departments of cus
tom ports and telegraphs, establish uni
form currency, readjust the systems of
taxation and Insure absolute freedom cf
religious worship.
PALL. HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL.
WASHINGTON, June 23.— Four thousand" five hundred
men under command of Brigadier General R. H. Hall
\jj and a fleet of -sixteen men-of-war and five hundred ma-
rlnes under command of Rear Admiral Kempff will com-'
prise; the Amerjcarj forces which will protect Americans and
their interests in China.
Alarmed at the grave outlook in the Celestial empire, the
President is determined* to use every available means to pro
vide adequate prgtection for American interests. The brigade,
which will consist of three regiments and a. battery of artil
lery, will be hastened from the Philippines, leaving on or after
next Wednesday. The authorities will not say what regiments,
but it is believed they are some of those In or near Manila.
General MacArthur cabled the department to-day that "the
departure of the Ninth Infantry was delayed until June 27 In
consequence of a storm v.-hieh broke the railway and telegraph
lines and made the approach to the transports impossible."
The Sixth Cavalry, which is to start from Manila July 1,
will be available for service should .an additional force be. re
quired. General Hall, who will command the troops, has been
in the Philippines siace before the rebellion began. He holds
the rank In the rogular army as colonel of the Fourth Infantry-
While at Fort Sheridan several years ago he sustained an
officer who dragged an" enlisted man from the guardhouse to
the courtroom, where he was to be tried for a petty offense,
ar.d in consequence has been regarded as, in a. measure, under
a cloud. He has done effective service in the Philippines.
Lieutenant General Miles called upon the President this after
noon and his presence at the White House started reports that
he was going to China, which -are not believed to have any
foundation.' General'Miles' declined to discuss the sto/Ies. -
One of the ships ordered yesterday to Taku is the monitor
Monadnock, and she will carry with her, as will the other ves
sels sent, as many marines from Cavlte as Admiral Remey can
possibly spare. What other vessels have been ordered to the
scene of action are not stated, but It Is believed that the
Princeton and Marietta' have been sent, and perhaps the New
Orleans and -two of the small gunboats. In addition' to these
vessels the department has directed that the -Alexander, Saturn
and Hannibal be placed in condition for service in China. The
collier Caesar has been held at Norfolk and will probably be
ordered to China. , and the tank , ship Arethusa and collier
Sinda, now at Gibraltar, may be sent to the far East. The dis
patch of so many colliers is due to the action of merchants in
the far East in putting up the price of coal, and it will be more
economical to ship fuel in Government vessels to China.
While the authorities are apparently placing much confi
dence In the representations made by foreign governments they
are thus takir.g measures to show them that in any deviation
from the policy of co-operation now being framed the United
States' must be reckoned with.
A ray of light came in the Chinese situation to-day when
Wu Ting Fang. Chinese Minister to the United States, received
a dispatch from the- Viceroy of Nankin saying: ' "AH foreign
Ministers well. Telegraph line interrupted. Cannot obtain any
additional news." Minister. Wu communicated this informa
tion to Secretary Hay and it was quickly disseminated among
the various officials. The authorities do not place entire reli
ance in it, however, because the Viceroy in his message admits
that he Is not in telegraphic communication with Peking.
Another communication of great importance was received
from LI Hung Chang, Viceroy of Canton, who gives his per
sonal assurance that the firing upon the foreign fleets at Taku
was not authorized by the Chinese Government. He asks au
thority of the powers to procead to Peking for the purpose of
putting an end to the disturbances there, a plan in which his
great Influence both with the court and with the people gives
some promise of success. £The United States and it is believed
NEW YORK, Jnne 23— Admiral Bruce'* hope that relief would
reach Tientsin by Thursday nijjbt has not, so far as is known,
been realised. One attempt by a force of 13O United States ma
rtnes and too Russian* to break throu K h the Chinese lines near
the city on Thursday failed, and whether success has erowned the
efforts of the stronger international force which was ready to make a
second attempt on the same day. Is not known.
" How urgent was the need of relief was told la a dispatch from
Lieutenant Kempff in Tientsin. Xearly all the foreign concessions
had been burned, ammunition was scarce, casualties were heavy and
un incessant lire, from biff *uns was maintained by the Chinese, who
are known Indubitably to consist not merely of Boxers, but of trOops of
the rornlo r unity*
Minister AVu received to-day a dispatch which gives the most definite
news of the safety of the foreign* legations in Peking yet made public.
Of Admiral Seymour's relief expedition there Is still no word. It is now
eleven day. since It practically pa.«ed beyond the ken of the elvlllied
Troops of the Imperial Army
Have Joined the Boxers, and
the Need of Relief Is Most
Urgent.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"It is of the greatest importance that if possible there shall
be some arrangement made by which men who retain their
Influence shall be placed In positions to maintain themselves
and preserve order. Many people say that fifty thousand
trcops will not be sufficient to establish order. This will un
doubtedly be true If we find wo are fighting a nation of 300.000,
010. But we must find out what kind of government there is in
Peking and whether it Is sanctioning opposition to the allied
troops before we can say whether or not: there Is a state of
war. We have at this time absolutely no evidence of hostHIty
of the central government, and Li Hung Chang says it is not
hostile." ¦¦-'¦¦•.
"What makes the situation so extremely difficult to under
stand Is that wo do not know nor do«« the Government of any
natlon know whether the Imperial Government sactlons the us©
of Chinese troops against the allied forces. It is quite possible,
In view of the dispatch received by the State Department from
the three great Viceroys of the empire, that the central Gov
ernment at Peking has lost its gTip. :^.'c
"The United States has not been approached by any power
relative to the dismemberment of China.' The matter has not
been discussed. From every Cabinet there is exactly the same
expression of opinion. They are not In an attitude of hostility
to the Chinese Government and their troops are In China sim
ply to protect their nationalists and preserve order.
"The moment it is considered that a state of war exists,"
eald an official who discussed the situation to-day, "interna
tional difficulties will greatly multiply. Each power will then
suspect that the other proposes to seize the territory Its troops
enter and co-operation between* the forces may become im
possible. The object of all the powers at this time Is to put
down mobs and rioters, and their co-operation makes, the situ
ation simple.
Several important communications have been received by
the Secretary of State justifying the attitude assumed ty this
Government that, technically speaking, a state of war does
not exist between the United States and China. The Viceroys
who have their peats of government at Nankin an-'l Wu Chang,
and who govern five great provinces in the Yangtse Kiang re
gion, have assured this Government that they are determined
and perfectly, able to. preserve order in .their jurisdictions and
protect the lives and property- of foreigners. - In reply to th'.s
they have been that so long as they are- able to main
tain order and protect life and property In the provinces under
their control the Government of the United States will send no
troops Into that region and will use its influence with other
powers In the same direction. The President is hopeful that
none of the powers will consider a state of war exists.
The attitude of the United States toward China in view of
the military operations in progress at Tientsin has received
the careful consideration of the President and his Cabinet, and
Secretary Hay has been in communication with foreign gov
ernments on the question whether or not war exists. This
statement may be regarded as authoritative.-
New gravity was added. to the aspect of affairs In Tientsin
by the receipt to-day of a dispatch from Rear Admiral Kempff,
concerning which an official statement was issued.
other powers, have assented to, this proposition of Li Hung
Chang and he is supposed to have started' for Peking.
It is thought both here and in European capitals that the
Empress Dowager and the Tsung-Ll-Yamen may now believe
that the threatened dismemberment of China is In -progress
and that the foreign troops. Instead of entering the empire to
aid the dynasty, are Invading It preliminarily to dividing up
the country. Li Hung Chang Is expected to put the matter in
its proper light. But he cannot reach Peking in less than two
weeks, and meanwhile military operations on a large scale
must be started to relieve the foreign Consuls and citizens at
Tientsin and foreign legations and foreigners, and perhaps
Vice Admiral Seymour's column In or near Peking.
Empress has Issued emphatic Instructions
for the extermination of all foreigners lt»
China, i
Large numbers of refugees are arriv
ing here from the north. All is qule*
here and in the Yang-tse-Klang River.
AMERICA HOLDS
KEY TO SITUATION
SHANGHAI. June 23.— Foreigners and
commercial men at all cf the treaty ports
are of the opinion that the Chinese gov
ernment has been wrecked beyond repair
and that the only solution for the exist
ing anarchy will be the establishment of
a new government controlled by the civ
ilized nations. Attempts to restore the
Empress on the basis of her foreordained
promise of good behavior would make the
position of the foreigners worse than ever.
A popular plan is the restoration of the
Emperor, if found alive. With liberal ad
visers he could be held subject to strict
supervision by some council representing
the foreign powers. The personal punish
ment of the highest officials concerned in
the anti-foreign movement Is considered
essential. Interest Is focussed on Russia
and America. It Is the universal belief
that Russia Instigated noting, expecting
to march an army to Pekjng and pro
claim himself protector of China under
the guise of restoring order, but achieved
a fiasco on account of the prompt action
of the other powers.
America, who is considered to hold the
key to the situation. because of not being
under suspicion of land- grabbing motives,
is, in the best position to take the lead in
making proposals for a permanent ar
rangement. There Is a practical Anglo-
American alliance in China. The commer
cial organizations of both nationalities
are urging their respective governments
to hurry more troops. The presence of
European soldiers to force the demands
upon China, besides being in position to
check the ambitions of rival powers., Is
deemed advisable. There are not suffi
cient English troops present to protect In
terests at treaty ports. The English and
Americans confidently expect that sev
eral regiments will be pent from the Phil
ippines without delay.
No confidence is placed In Li Huns
SHANGHAI. June 23.— The American
Consul .cere. John Goodnow, has received
from the Consul at Chefu, under date of
June 22. a bulletin from Commander Wise
of the United States warship Monacacy
as follows:
"June 20— On the arrival of marines this
morning I started fires in the locomotives
ar.d got cars and two field pieces. Just
now. 1 p. m., trains with 400 Russians and
one field piece and -130 marines' are leav
ing. A French officer has -just arrived,
having left Tientsin yesterday at 7:30,
•when troops were attacking the foreign,
ers and the American consulate had been
destroyed. He do*s not know what has
become of our men.' The Chinese have
modern field guns and are battering the
foreigners in their- etronghilds.- He says
the line can be traveled from here to
Ching -hang Chen. 'half way to Tientsin.
A few Russians are there. He says I
may be attacked here to-night, but I .have
sent all the marines, as I can Jook out
for myself. This place will befdeserted
again to-r.ight. It is very Important to
preserve the rolling stock of the railway.
When a train has got as far ahead as tt
can. the troops will press ahead afoot and
the train will be sent beck for reinforce
ments. I seized here at daylight a dis
patch boat. I could start more locomo
tives If I had competent firemen.
"WISE,
"Captain of Warship Monocacy."
IJeutenant Kempff, U. S. N.. through
the British Consul at Tientsin, sends th»
following by special courier:.
••Reinforcements are urgently needed.
The casualties are hoavy, the ammuni
tion is insufficient and machine guns are
required. The Russian? at the rallroaa
station are hard pressed. The Chinese
troops keep up an incessant fire from
large guns en th»> European concessions,
nearly alj of which have been burned."
Only seven Krupp guns. are emplojed 1a
the' bombardment of Tientsin. There Is
etill no news of Vice Admiral Seymour.
The officials here are anxious. Business
Is practically suspended and all the re
epectable Chinese look' for foreign pro
tection In the e\'ent of a rising.
It Is officially said, that the Dowager
BATTERING FOREIGNERS
IN THEIR STRONGHOLDS
LOMKi\, Jcne 24, 3:20 a. m. — The only dispatcher from China re
ceived liuit nlcht are those which give further details of the re
pulKe of Thursday's attempt to relieve Tientsin. According to a
dispatch from Chefo, hordes of Chinese with well posted .artillery
block the way of the American and Russian forces. The guns of the
allies could make no Impression and it was found impossible to shift the
«¦ neni? > position. " Nothing could be done, except to fall back and* this
vai accomplished in cood order. It wan ascertained .that the foreign
ers in Tientsin were making; a erallant defense. The French conces
»lon buildings had been vigorously attacked with flre and in all prob
ability h?.ve been reduced to- ashes." After the ' force, retired an ar
mored train attempted to reconnotter, bnt was derailed. 31ore. troops
aro arriving at Taku, and another attempt nt relief -with a 'force' of
tanch jpreater strength wnn to have been made last nlffht.
The Chinese legation at Berlin received another telegram last night
• tatintf that all the legations in IVklr.g were safe and that the for
flga Ministers at that place were all well.
Hordes of Chinese With Well-
Posted Artillery Block the
Way of the Tientsin Relief
Forces.
Four Thousand Five Hundred Men Commanded by Brigadier
General Hall and Sixteen Warships and Five Hundred
Marines Under Admiral Kempff Will Protect Americans and
Their Interests in the Celestial Empire.
Some of the Imperial Forces Who Are Fighting Against the Foreigners.'
THE ABOVE piCTURE FROM A PHOTOGRAPH MADE FOR THE ILLUSTRIRTE ZEITUNG SHOWS A REG
IMENT OF CHINESE INFANTRY GOING THROUGH THE MANEUVERS, UNDER THE DIRECTION OF THEIR
GERMAN DRILL.MASTER BEFORE PRINCE HENRY OF PRUSSIA.
WHILE FOREIGNERS FIGHT FOR LIFE
AMERICA PREPARES BRIGADE AND FLEET
FOR IMMEDIATE SERVICE IN CHINA
Pages 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 1900-THIIiTY,-TATO. PAGES.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 24.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLSTOCKTON", June 23.— D. B. Armstrong
committed suicide this morning in a room
In the Commercial Hotel by shooting him
self In the head with a revolver. Arm
strong:, who came up from San Francisco
this morning on one of the boats, had
been on a protracted spree. \ He left a
sick wife and two children in San Fran
cisco.
Suicide Ends a Debauch.
American's Suicide in London.
LONDON', Jine 23.— A man believed to
be E. E. Claflin of Washington blew out
his brains in a hotel of this city. Ac
cording to the hotel people Claflln ar
rived here on Wednesday, accompanied by
a man named Muir head, who went to
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 23.— A sailor
named Burke entered the United States
Consulate to-day and demanded money
from Consul Ethelbert Watts. Being re
fused Burke became violent and threat
ened the Consul's life. He was secured
and handed over to the police, before be
could execute his threat
Threatens a Consul's Life.
Paris on Thursday. Claflln was last seen
alive yesterday. The door of his room
was forced op«n this afternoon, and his
body found, with a revolver grasped in
his hand and a wound In his right temple.
An inquest will be held.
court leaves.
The Government, In fact, has for some
time been an object of attack, not only
from Liberals, but also from certain mem
bers of its own party — the Conservative.
I do not think that the Ministry can vic
toriously withstand these attacks, which,
so far as the financial operation of June
4. is concerned, are justified.
. The division of the Conservative party
that is not Silvelalst would like to form
a ministry upon the basis of Conservative
concentration, with Marshal Martinez
Campos or the Duke of Tetuan as Premier
of the Council, but there appear to be
email chances of such desire Deing real
ized. In fact, the probabilities are that
it ¦will be Senor Sagasta, leader of the
Liberal party, who will be recalled to
power should Senor Silvela's Cabinet fall.
Pacific ran over and killed an Italian sec
tion hand named Callxto Lagoor at Wil
mington at noon to-day. Particulars are
not known. The Coroner has gone after
the body.
BULGARIAN DISTRICTS
IN STATE OF SIEGGE
Ninety Persons Killed and Several
Hundreds Wounded in Fight Be-.
tween Troops and Peasants.
SOFIA, Bulgaria. June 23.— It transpired
that ninety persons were killed and 372
wounded in tWi recent conflict between
the troops and peasants in the Varna
District. A state of siege has been pro
claimed in the districts of Varna, Shumla,
Tirnova, Rasgrad, Rustchuk and Risto
valz. The Government is anxious to limit
the number of newspapers and has Issued
stringent regulations as to the qualifica
tions which nttist be possessed by editors.
Q
STOCKTON, June S3.-The city is be
decked In gayest garbs for the relgm
of Queen Genevieve. Apple green
and tlnrry red, interspersed with
the national emblems, fairly en
shroud the business portion of the city.
Three thousand lights in various colors
flashed out for the first time this even
ing and gave the people an idea of what
may be expected when the lines are all
in working order and reflecting the gay
scenes along the thoroughfares.
There is no question but that the street
lair is to excel the expectations of those
nit made familiar with the committees'
l>lsn*= 'oy anual participation in the work.
The Fourth of July programme will
eclipse anything ever before attempted In
ihe State. The parade has been organ
ized by G«orpe E. McLeod. and C. L. Ort
man will foe grand marshal. Regulars and
marines, veteran and fraternal orjjaniza-
tions will form one largo division alone.
A telegram from Los Angeles to-day
states that a carload of Chinese parapher
nalia was shipped for use in the Chinese
division. This includes the big dragon.
: a block in length. There will be a big
j crowd of Piute Indians .from Nevada,
scores of floats and nearly a dozen bands.
The Veteran Guard of San Francisco and
the Veteran Reserve cf Oakland are
among the marching organizations. Many
! of these organizations will have their
transportation paid by the committee.
I The big masked ball at the Agricultural
Pavilion, over which King Pin Lewis will
reign, will be a brilliant affair.
There is not a quiet day on the nine
days' programme. One day will be de
voted to sporte. The more serious con
tests will be mixed with such ludicrous
features as pie eating and word paying
contests. Even Sunday is remembered by
a grand sacred concert.
A. O. SPALDING A' BENEDICT." J
Married to Mrs. Elizabeth C. Mayer
at Point Loma,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. June 23.— A marriage
which will surprise the world of athletics
was consummated to-day at the I.'niver
sal Brotherhood colony on Point Ivoma,
when Albert O. Spalding, the father of
baseball in the Middle West, was married
by Rev. F. J. Xeale to Mrs. Elizabeth
Churchill Mayer, one of the members of
the brotherhood school here.
Mr. Spaldlng Is a Commissioner from
this country to the Paris Exposition and
he and his wife will spend the summer in
Europe.
Section Hand Killed.
LOS AXGELES, June 23.— A train on
' the Long Beach branch of the Southern
Thousands of Vari-Colored Lights Will
Shine at Night and Banners
of Apple Green and Cherry Red
Are Everywhere Flung to the
STOCKTON GAYLY DECKED
FOR THE STREET FAIR
LORD ROBERTS'
LETTERS TAKEN
BY THE BOERS
Two Thousand Mail Bags
Captured During Fight
.at Zand River.
Dr. Jameson Addresses "Electors at
Xiniberley and for the. First
Time Talks About His
Famous Raid.
LONDON, June 24.— There was almost
a total .absence of war news from South
Africa last night and the telegrams re
ceived lack interest and fail to add to
the facts already known.; ¦ - ;
According to a special dispatch from
Cape Town. It seems that in the recent
fight at Zand River the Boers capturea
2000 maiV bags containing a three weeks'
accumulation of letters for Lord Roberts'
army and £4000 ¦worth of stamps intended
for the use of the troops.
At Kimberley Friday evening Dr. Jame
son addressed the electors. \ He sketched
the position of the Rand at the time of
the raid, emphasizing the discontent of
the working classes, who were groaning
under grievances and were ripe for revolt.
He denied that it was race troubles that
caused the Boers to arm. i Race feeling,
he continued, always existed and arma
ment had already been commenced by-the
Transvaal Government, while the Impe
rial Government did not intend to take
effective steps to redress the Outlanders"
grievances. .
This Is the first time that Dr. Jameson
has broken silence on the subject of the
raid.
BUST OF SHAKESPEARE
PRESENTED TO BRITONS
William Page of New York Sends His
Famous Work of Art to
England.
STRATFORD-ON-AVON, June 23.— In
behalf of the family of the late William
Page, Sir William Treloar this afternoon
presented to the trustees of the Shake
speare Memorial the well known bronze
bust of Shakespeare executed by the for
mer president of the National Academy of
Design of New York. The Governors of
the- Memorial gratefully acknowledge the
gift. Mr. George Wyndham, the Parlia
mentary Secretary . of the British War
Office, who is a Shakespearean scholar,
wrote regretting his absence and saying
that every student of Shakespeare would
be grateful to Mr. Page's family for this
interesting addition to the many gifts
England owes to the generous enthusiasm
of the poet's admirers in America. . Sir
Henry Irving, also regretfully absent,
wrote:
"Shakespeare is one of the great bonds
of concord between the American people
and our country, and when a new token
of their homage to him comes from the
hands of a distinguished American artist
we share their pride and gratification."
SPANISH MINISTRY'S
FALL NOT DISTANT
Senor Sagasta May Be Recalled to
Power When Silvela Shall HaVe
Been Betired. . ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, June 23. — It has been arranged
that the court shall leave for San Sebas
tian on July 10. In popular opinion this
fixes the limit'of the existence of the Sil
vela Cabinet. There. Is a general belief
that It will come to an end before the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 1900.
14
WHERE IMPORTANT WORK IS BEING DONE TO MAKE THE
CARNIVAL, A SUCCESS.
Straight Road
To Health
Is by the way of purifying jhe blood.
Germs and impurities In the blood cause
disease and sickness. Expelling these im-
purities removes the disease. Hood's Sar-
FaparJlla does this and it does more. It
makes the blood rich by increasing and
vi4a!!zing; the red globules and giving it
power to transmit to the organs, nerves
and muscles the nutriment contained in
digested food.
Hood's SarsapariBIa
APVPrRTTRTrivr t.; |M 'I'M,
This Is the Tonic You Need
B W$i^&%& ¦4%&^ 4 I I of the famous Confederate eon- jGJ7 J " jl^\ ij /( | m "Afe
I *lm Jm I I i-o"K» treet ¦ ln £^f-J t T d fl t he S Peruna an Ideal Spring Remedy. \
£| t^ ~^ I m months, and tnero contracted me |X -^ v r 9 *
» \P^ — j I found it very necessary to have B /f ttjuYCJUtCS the SystCOL • ;
\ f .^^^^SpM^^^ 5 *^ / § the following letter 'In regard ft ft ClCShses the blOO<L
W t" >t JJ Washington, D. C. E I j I §
\N?° \($^/f The Peruna Medicine Co., W v^^V I
3^ 5^ Peruna as a tonic since my g /£!?&.
return from Cuban climate and find it excellent" p J&^
As summer approaches the north pola becomes more tilted toward jj?j Jfrr "^^fflk.^ralL. *Ja
the sun, which brings the sun more directly overheard. The rays be- Bf J$<r '
coming more perpendicular, «.re hiphly charged with electrical power. Kg. a\w V^
This new relation biUween the earth and the sun produces a class 01 EfJ aSt iggK jg£>L ** > [
phypical disorders peculiar to early summer. Fr| VSr jm, "^Sk Jfirr ¦ *.\^b
The symptoms are quite unlike in different cases; but the most com- RJ Jnw ifflHfft \C N^r^TJ
mon ones are rmiit.-iI lassitude, played-out, tired-out, used-up, run- tci Miir Ar K3 A&kF, MM H
down feelingrs, combined with a more or less heavy, stupid, listless pi JTjf v w jfcii^m S P\.
Relish for food' and the ability to digest food seem to bo lost Skin W/j Ak '^^^^^ A^i& ' d&\. \tfr*^.
eruptions, sallow complexion, biliousness, coated toncue, fitful, lrreg. jnpJT lay '^fe± ffA?r -^k^H^.
¦ ular sleep, help to complete the picture which is so common at this fSr.'-- ; ra'A. '^W'k wBL W
season. I>ife is a burden, business a dread, pleasure a mockery, §H ' '^S|^^ A*l F ' >£3' -f*
friends a bore ai)d social privileges a tedious round of disagreeable IB iSV^SL Jw jf* V^ /fk
Peruna so exactly meets all these conditions that the demand Is bo ftpJf^WI /^¦BBHHP.IV' J'ffi'
jrreat for this remedy at this season of the year that it is nearly im- KgL £& Tr m^ir "V-^^fek. N >>V^
possible to supply it. Carloads of Peruna are shipped north, south, CfUV>Eir ', Afjt - jyJBLj^^^A
fast and west to meet the ever-increasing demand of the people ror It. K^rali • MT%& ST W r
It never fails to bring immediate relief. R #^L» ®L j» Jj'tir r
Mrs. T. Pelton, 562 St. Anthony avenue, St. Paul, M inn., lfh^V*V \ J&^^M' j£jr 2
writes: "Peruna has done wonders for me. It has cured my El\J£ /$F
headache and palpitation of the heart; has built up my whole tt^JflV i^^^A A* &
system. I cheerfully recommend Peruna to all sufferers af- R jfjr
flicted with catarrh. My mother is never without Peruna. When ftp fir
one is tired and generally out of sorts, if Peruna is taken it R. Jtir
immediately removes that tired feeling." HR /z
¦Mr. John F. Schmidt of Carthage, Ohio, saya: "Peruna has saved Bnyw £Z£r
my life. For "five years the best doctors had pronounced me incura- f®C>- — - yf ~ «»•«?*• o*@*
ble. I suffered with a complication of dlsoases-palpitation of the v5gS&>w<tf ; S> —-L-r^i JBHn1ilJJPgtfg > »«S3 j
heart, nervousness, weakness and 'dyspepsia. A few bottles of Peruna fTiJiffBI '¦ - - " rJCrTSiSrworT 85^
cured me. Peruna. cannot be beaten as a tonic. I have gained forty
pounds since taking Peruna." In a later letter he says: j*" '
"I am in the best of health since I have taken Peruna, I weigh 183 pounds, but I will never be without Peruna in
Th e e h Fe U r S una Mfd"ine er cg. at c' o r iimbus b0 Ohi o a ' rltten by Hartma * on the catarrhal diseases peculiar to Bummer, sent by
WE SELL THEM IN SAN FRANCISCO. '
\^^^^<<^^ Ours Is the Only Store* You Can Find Here Every Size From 2 to 9* Every Style (40 of Them)
From Special Leathers and for All Occasions, and Every Width (AAA to EE)*
We have the exclusive sale of 4t Sorp= sold exclusively at TkVd CH - We do not beIieve there is a woman who
sis" for San Francisco and vicinity Fresh S**/**^*^?/^ s* : - < • jll 1 lill P W has been properly fitted who does not experi-
placed on sale in our luxurious De part- . v '^^^^^BS>i/^/> SEC0MD 8H °"™™""c^ *""* T ' Remember This One Important Fact
ment. which will be found most comfortable r T --- - jj wMIMMM T /
and equipped with every convenience, \ l^^^^^m^k L^^SElj W^^^^^^^ ' ' air op'sorosis'' sLTdfnot^a -
Ours was the first establishment on the • thin/abouU^^ut aslfto have* yJJr foot
Pacific Coast to offer "5orosis" footwear, j| |||j g^ m^w'^^^^^^^^^^^M-^§ SiO mj& \ fittedl That - S the wa y t0 find vour s P eciai
and the thousands of pairs we have sold in §? BS S§ Wi^^^&i^^M M$Mffi Ik IS !8-2$^ shoe, and once you've found it, you can re-
the past sixteen months to the discriminating < H S ffi S^P^ilim MSmk : CH -» &* H^ order anywhere in this country or in Europe
and intelligent women al! "over, who, after Jl II MM WeWvwW± ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦„ MM JM !I if 3H fl! W' by simply mentioning the size, width and style
wearing them, have recommended them to ¦«m-tt^IP8^^ hXSSKB?" *" *
tneir inenas is me oesi possioie lnaorsemeni m zam fgjisg i mm y_ {,, j \ \^ . » — r- o a , . mJ 1 1 W \\mk mn £m Mm BP Iffi W You know thp nrirp is alwav<;
of their true merit. y ~] • M >: ' :M;? fl T " \ ?*fflj}\ >P- - "§». "^ • ~ ~ TT P^ | >QBI - * "
66 Q> * 99 $0.50 Pair.
Are acknowledged to be the Standard foot- * . prous dyes which may injure and poison the
f . Uf & ., , , . . . w^SlS^ cstx^O' tra/7*?^ feet - You re safe in buying an Oxford that
wear 01 me worm to-aay, ana nave attainea *— v^»—^ <, j^^^^t^S^^^ has been copied and imitated by almost every
unusual merit. 1 -¦• ' — ¦ — ¦ _^_ : ' v , " — " : : : '" '"• -'• :: — — — — — ¦ » experimenting when you can have the originals.
. Since the introduction of Sorosis the imitators have been legion; multitudes of so-called special shoes have been boomed, evidently with the thought, that noisy .publicity was the only essential requisite for success. But the
thoughtful people learn after a brief experience that TRUE Merit is based on good materials, fine, workmanship and perfect fitting qualities. One of the purposes of this advertisement is to explain to you how such an excel-
lent shoe can be produced to sellat the price. The fact is, this factory makes only Sorosis. The workmen are drilled each to do their parts to perfection. The capacity of 5000 pairs of Sorosis Shoes daily makes possible the
selling of such an excellent shoe at the price. When the factory made-but 300 pairs per day, the retail price was $6.00. Now the immense production with great economy and small profits makes possible the best Ready-to-
Wear Shoe made in the world for$3.5o per.pair. It has long been our desire to have some of the Sorosis customers visit the factory in Lynn, Mass., and observe its perfect organization, and we hail with pleasure the opportunity of
oflfering to those visiting the Paris Exposition the arrangements made, whereby free tickets from Boston to the factory and return to Boston will be furnished" on application at the Royal. A letter of introduction
from us will also insure courteous treatment and expert guides through the' entire establishment . " ,;;¦/¦
CATALOGUE READY — Over 100,000 pairs of Sorosis Shoes have been sold by Shepard,.Norwell & Co. of Boston in two years to the most discriminating and intelligent trade of New England, and they are the prime
favorite footwear in all large trade centers in the East. We prepay delivery charges on all Sorosis Shoes which are enumerated in the Catalogue to any part of the United States.STOCKTON", June 23.— D. B. Armstrong
committed suicide this morning in a room
In the Commercial Hotel by shooting him
self In the head with a revolver. Arm
strong:, who came up from San Francisco
this morning on one of the boats, had
been on a protracted spree. \ He left a
sick wife and two children in San Fran
cisco.
Suicide Ends a Debauch.
American's Suicide in London.
LONDON', Jine 23.— A man believed to
be E. E. Claflin of Washington blew out
his brains in a hotel of this city. Ac
cording to the hotel people Claflln ar
rived here on Wednesday, accompanied by
a man named Muir head, who went to
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 23.— A sailor
named Burke entered the United States
Consulate to-day and demanded money
from Consul Ethelbert Watts. Being re
fused Burke became violent and threat
ened the Consul's life. He was secured
and handed over to the police, before be
could execute his threat
Threatens a Consul's Life.
Paris on Thursday. Claflln was last seen
alive yesterday. The door of his room
was forced op«n this afternoon, and his
body found, with a revolver grasped in
his hand and a wound In his right temple.
An inquest will be held.
court leaves.
The Government, In fact, has for some
time been an object of attack, not only
from Liberals, but also from certain mem
bers of its own party — the Conservative.
I do not think that the Ministry can vic
toriously withstand these attacks, which,
so far as the financial operation of June
4. is concerned, are justified.
. The division of the Conservative party
that is not Silvelalst would like to form
a ministry upon the basis of Conservative
concentration, with Marshal Martinez
Campos or the Duke of Tetuan as Premier
of the Council, but there appear to be
email chances of such desire Deing real
ized. In fact, the probabilities are that
it ¦will be Senor Sagasta, leader of the
Liberal party, who will be recalled to
power should Senor Silvela's Cabinet fall.
Pacific ran over and killed an Italian sec
tion hand named Callxto Lagoor at Wil
mington at noon to-day. Particulars are
not known. The Coroner has gone after
the body.
BULGARIAN DISTRICTS
IN STATE OF SIEGGE
Ninety Persons Killed and Several
Hundreds Wounded in Fight Be-.
tween Troops and Peasants.
SOFIA, Bulgaria. June 23.— It transpired
that ninety persons were killed and 372
wounded in tWi recent conflict between
the troops and peasants in the Varna
District. A state of siege has been pro
claimed in the districts of Varna, Shumla,
Tirnova, Rasgrad, Rustchuk and Risto
valz. The Government is anxious to limit
the number of newspapers and has Issued
stringent regulations as to the qualifica
tions which nttist be possessed by editors.
Q
STOCKTON, June S3.-The city is be
decked In gayest garbs for the relgm
of Queen Genevieve. Apple green
and tlnrry red, interspersed with
the national emblems, fairly en
shroud the business portion of the city.
Three thousand lights in various colors
flashed out for the first time this even
ing and gave the people an idea of what
may be expected when the lines are all
in working order and reflecting the gay
scenes along the thoroughfares.
There is no question but that the street
lair is to excel the expectations of those
nit made familiar with the committees'
l>lsn*= 'oy anual participation in the work.
The Fourth of July programme will
eclipse anything ever before attempted In
ihe State. The parade has been organ
ized by G«orpe E. McLeod. and C. L. Ort
man will foe grand marshal. Regulars and
marines, veteran and fraternal orjjaniza-
tions will form one largo division alone.
A telegram from Los Angeles to-day
states that a carload of Chinese parapher
nalia was shipped for use in the Chinese
division. This includes the big dragon.
: a block in length. There will be a big
j crowd of Piute Indians .from Nevada,
scores of floats and nearly a dozen bands.
The Veteran Guard of San Francisco and
the Veteran Reserve cf Oakland are
among the marching organizations. Many
! of these organizations will have their
transportation paid by the committee.
I The big masked ball at the Agricultural
Pavilion, over which King Pin Lewis will
reign, will be a brilliant affair.
There is not a quiet day on the nine
days' programme. One day will be de
voted to sporte. The more serious con
tests will be mixed with such ludicrous
features as pie eating and word paying
contests. Even Sunday is remembered by
a grand sacred concert.
A. O. SPALDING A' BENEDICT." J
Married to Mrs. Elizabeth C. Mayer
at Point Loma,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. June 23.— A marriage
which will surprise the world of athletics
was consummated to-day at the I.'niver
sal Brotherhood colony on Point Ivoma,
when Albert O. Spalding, the father of
baseball in the Middle West, was married
by Rev. F. J. Xeale to Mrs. Elizabeth
Churchill Mayer, one of the members of
the brotherhood school here.
Mr. Spaldlng Is a Commissioner from
this country to the Paris Exposition and
he and his wife will spend the summer in
Europe.
Section Hand Killed.
LOS AXGELES, June 23.— A train on
' the Long Beach branch of the Southern
Thousands of Vari-Colored Lights Will
Shine at Night and Banners
of Apple Green and Cherry Red
Are Everywhere Flung to the
STOCKTON GAYLY DECKED
FOR THE STREET FAIR
LORD ROBERTS'
LETTERS TAKEN
BY THE BOERS
Two Thousand Mail Bags
Captured During Fight
.at Zand River.
Dr. Jameson Addresses "Electors at
Xiniberley and for the. First
Time Talks About His
Famous Raid.
LONDON, June 24.— There was almost
a total .absence of war news from South
Africa last night and the telegrams re
ceived lack interest and fail to add to
the facts already known.; ¦ - ;
According to a special dispatch from
Cape Town. It seems that in the recent
fight at Zand River the Boers capturea
2000 maiV bags containing a three weeks'
accumulation of letters for Lord Roberts'
army and £4000 ¦worth of stamps intended
for the use of the troops.
At Kimberley Friday evening Dr. Jame
son addressed the electors. \ He sketched
the position of the Rand at the time of
the raid, emphasizing the discontent of
the working classes, who were groaning
under grievances and were ripe for revolt.
He denied that it was race troubles that
caused the Boers to arm. i Race feeling,
he continued, always existed and arma
ment had already been commenced by-the
Transvaal Government, while the Impe
rial Government did not intend to take
effective steps to redress the Outlanders"
grievances. .
This Is the first time that Dr. Jameson
has broken silence on the subject of the
raid.
BUST OF SHAKESPEARE
PRESENTED TO BRITONS
William Page of New York Sends His
Famous Work of Art to
England.
STRATFORD-ON-AVON, June 23.— In
behalf of the family of the late William
Page, Sir William Treloar this afternoon
presented to the trustees of the Shake
speare Memorial the well known bronze
bust of Shakespeare executed by the for
mer president of the National Academy of
Design of New York. The Governors of
the- Memorial gratefully acknowledge the
gift. Mr. George Wyndham, the Parlia
mentary Secretary . of the British War
Office, who is a Shakespearean scholar,
wrote regretting his absence and saying
that every student of Shakespeare would
be grateful to Mr. Page's family for this
interesting addition to the many gifts
England owes to the generous enthusiasm
of the poet's admirers in America. . Sir
Henry Irving, also regretfully absent,
wrote:
"Shakespeare is one of the great bonds
of concord between the American people
and our country, and when a new token
of their homage to him comes from the
hands of a distinguished American artist
we share their pride and gratification."
SPANISH MINISTRY'S
FALL NOT DISTANT
Senor Sagasta May Be Recalled to
Power When Silvela Shall HaVe
Been Betired. . ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, June 23. — It has been arranged
that the court shall leave for San Sebas
tian on July 10. In popular opinion this
fixes the limit'of the existence of the Sil
vela Cabinet. There. Is a general belief
that It will come to an end before the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 1900.
14
WHERE IMPORTANT WORK IS BEING DONE TO MAKE THE
CARNIVAL, A SUCCESS.
Straight Road
To Health
Is by the way of purifying jhe blood.
Germs and impurities In the blood cause
disease and sickness. Expelling these im-
purities removes the disease. Hood's Sar-
FaparJlla does this and it does more. It
makes the blood rich by increasing and
vi4a!!zing; the red globules and giving it
power to transmit to the organs, nerves
and muscles the nutriment contained in
digested food.
Hood's SarsapariBIa
APVPrRTTRTrivr t.; |M 'I'M,
This Is the Tonic You Need
B W$i^&%& ¦4%&^ 4 I I of the famous Confederate eon- jGJ7 J " jl^\ ij /( | m "Afe
I *lm Jm I I i-o"K» treet ¦ ln £^f-J t T d fl t he S Peruna an Ideal Spring Remedy. \
£| t^ ~^ I m months, and tnero contracted me |X -^ v r 9 *
» \P^ — j I found it very necessary to have B /f ttjuYCJUtCS the SystCOL • ;
\ f .^^^^SpM^^^ 5 *^ / § the following letter 'In regard ft ft ClCShses the blOO<L
W t" >t JJ Washington, D. C. E I j I §
\N?° \($^/f The Peruna Medicine Co., W v^^V I
3^ 5^ Peruna as a tonic since my g /£!?&.
return from Cuban climate and find it excellent" p J&^
As summer approaches the north pola becomes more tilted toward jj?j Jfrr "^^fflk.^ralL. *Ja
the sun, which brings the sun more directly overheard. The rays be- Bf J$<r '
coming more perpendicular, «.re hiphly charged with electrical power. Kg. a\w V^
This new relation biUween the earth and the sun produces a class 01 EfJ aSt iggK jg£>L ** > [
phypical disorders peculiar to early summer. Fr| VSr jm, "^Sk Jfirr ¦ *.\^b
The symptoms are quite unlike in different cases; but the most com- RJ Jnw ifflHfft \C N^r^TJ
mon ones are rmiit.-iI lassitude, played-out, tired-out, used-up, run- tci Miir Ar K3 A&kF, MM H
down feelingrs, combined with a more or less heavy, stupid, listless pi JTjf v w jfcii^m S P\.
Relish for food' and the ability to digest food seem to bo lost Skin W/j Ak '^^^^^ A^i& ' d&\. \tfr*^.
eruptions, sallow complexion, biliousness, coated toncue, fitful, lrreg. jnpJT lay '^fe± ffA?r -^k^H^.
¦ ular sleep, help to complete the picture which is so common at this fSr.'-- ; ra'A. '^W'k wBL W
season. I>ife is a burden, business a dread, pleasure a mockery, §H ' '^S|^^ A*l F ' >£3' -f*
friends a bore ai)d social privileges a tedious round of disagreeable IB iSV^SL Jw jf* V^ /fk
Peruna so exactly meets all these conditions that the demand Is bo ftpJf^WI /^¦BBHHP.IV' J'ffi'
jrreat for this remedy at this season of the year that it is nearly im- KgL £& Tr m^ir "V-^^fek. N >>V^
possible to supply it. Carloads of Peruna are shipped north, south, CfUV>Eir ', Afjt - jyJBLj^^^A
fast and west to meet the ever-increasing demand of the people ror It. K^rali • MT%& ST W r
It never fails to bring immediate relief. R #^L» ®L j» Jj'tir r
Mrs. T. Pelton, 562 St. Anthony avenue, St. Paul, M inn., lfh^V*V \ J&^^M' j£jr 2
writes: "Peruna has done wonders for me. It has cured my El\J£ /$F
headache and palpitation of the heart; has built up my whole tt^JflV i^^^A A* &
system. I cheerfully recommend Peruna to all sufferers af- R jfjr
flicted with catarrh. My mother is never without Peruna. When ftp fir
one is tired and generally out of sorts, if Peruna is taken it R. Jtir
immediately removes that tired feeling." HR /z
¦Mr. John F. Schmidt of Carthage, Ohio, saya: "Peruna has saved Bnyw £Z£r
my life. For "five years the best doctors had pronounced me incura- f®C>- — - yf ~ «»•«?*• o*@*
ble. I suffered with a complication of dlsoases-palpitation of the v5gS&>w<tf ; S> —-L-r^i JBHn1ilJJPgtfg > »«S3 j
heart, nervousness, weakness and 'dyspepsia. A few bottles of Peruna fTiJiffBI '¦ - - " rJCrTSiSrworT 85^
cured me. Peruna. cannot be beaten as a tonic. I have gained forty
pounds since taking Peruna." In a later letter he says: j*" '
"I am in the best of health since I have taken Peruna, I weigh 183 pounds, but I will never be without Peruna in
Th e e h Fe U r S una Mfd"ine er cg. at c' o r iimbus b0 Ohi o a ' rltten by Hartma * on the catarrhal diseases peculiar to Bummer, sent by
WE SELL THEM IN SAN FRANCISCO. '
\^^^^<<^^ Ours Is the Only Store* You Can Find Here Every Size From 2 to 9* Every Style (40 of Them)
From Special Leathers and for All Occasions, and Every Width (AAA to EE)*
We have the exclusive sale of 4t Sorp= sold exclusively at TkVd CH - We do not beIieve there is a woman who
sis" for San Francisco and vicinity Fresh S**/**^*^?/^ s* : - < • jll 1 lill P W has been properly fitted who does not experi-
placed on sale in our luxurious De part- . v '^^^^^BS>i/^/> SEC0MD 8H °"™™""c^ *""* T ' Remember This One Important Fact
ment. which will be found most comfortable r T --- - jj wMIMMM T /
and equipped with every convenience, \ l^^^^^m^k L^^SElj W^^^^^^^ ' ' air op'sorosis'' sLTdfnot^a -
Ours was the first establishment on the • thin/abouU^^ut aslfto have* yJJr foot
Pacific Coast to offer "5orosis" footwear, j| |||j g^ m^w'^^^^^^^^^^^M-^§ SiO mj& \ fittedl That - S the wa y t0 find vour s P eciai
and the thousands of pairs we have sold in §? BS S§ Wi^^^&i^^M M$Mffi Ik IS !8-2$^ shoe, and once you've found it, you can re-
the past sixteen months to the discriminating < H S ffi S^P^ilim MSmk : CH -» &* H^ order anywhere in this country or in Europe
and intelligent women al! "over, who, after Jl II MM WeWvwW± ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦„ MM JM !I if 3H fl! W' by simply mentioning the size, width and style
wearing them, have recommended them to ¦«m-tt^IP8^^ hXSSKB?" *" *
tneir inenas is me oesi possioie lnaorsemeni m zam fgjisg i mm y_ {,, j \ \^ . » — r- o a , . mJ 1 1 W \\mk mn £m Mm BP Iffi W You know thp nrirp is alwav<;
of their true merit. y ~] • M >: ' :M;? fl T " \ ?*fflj}\ >P- - "§». "^ • ~ ~ TT P^ | >QBI - * "
66 Q> * 99 $0.50 Pair.
Are acknowledged to be the Standard foot- * . prous dyes which may injure and poison the
f . Uf & ., , , . . . w^SlS^ cstx^O' tra/7*?^ feet - You re safe in buying an Oxford that
wear 01 me worm to-aay, ana nave attainea *— v^»—^ <, j^^^^t^S^^^ has been copied and imitated by almost every
unusual merit. 1 -¦• ' — ¦ — ¦ _^_ : ' v , " — " : : : '" '"• -'• :: — — — — — ¦ » experimenting when you can have the originals.
. Since the introduction of Sorosis the imitators have been legion; multitudes of so-called special shoes have been boomed, evidently with the thought, that noisy .publicity was the only essential requisite for success. But the
thoughtful people learn after a brief experience that TRUE Merit is based on good materials, fine, workmanship and perfect fitting qualities. One of the purposes of this advertisement is to explain to you how such an excel-
lent shoe can be produced to sellat the price. The fact is, this factory makes only Sorosis. The workmen are drilled each to do their parts to perfection. The capacity of 5000 pairs of Sorosis Shoes daily makes possible the
selling of such an excellent shoe at the price. When the factory made-but 300 pairs per day, the retail price was $6.00. Now the immense production with great economy and small profits makes possible the best Ready-to-
Wear Shoe made in the world for$3.5o per.pair. It has long been our desire to have some of the Sorosis customers visit the factory in Lynn, Mass., and observe its perfect organization, and we hail with pleasure the opportunity of
oflfering to those visiting the Paris Exposition the arrangements made, whereby free tickets from Boston to the factory and return to Boston will be furnished" on application at the Royal. A letter of introduction
from us will also insure courteous treatment and expert guides through the' entire establishment . " ,;;¦/¦
CATALOGUE READY — Over 100,000 pairs of Sorosis Shoes have been sold by Shepard,.Norwell & Co. of Boston in two years to the most discriminating and intelligent trade of New England, and they are the prime
favorite footwear in all large trade centers in the East. We prepay delivery charges on all Sorosis Shoes which are enumerated in the Catalogue to any part of the United States.LIVERPOOL.' June 23. — Among the pas
sengers on the Etruria which sailed to
day, for New York was Reginald Thomas
Tower, secretary of the British embassy
at "Washington, who, it Is said. Is to suc
ceed Sir Claude MacDonald as British
Minister at Peking, the latter having been
recalled owing to 111 health
TOWEB GOING TO PEKING.
"Foreigners are concentrating here.
The British Consul has telegraphed for &
gunboat, but has received no reply. The
port Is apparently left under Russian pro
tection. Russian troops are arriving from
Port "Arthur and the north. The resi
dents are safe axsd business is not likely
to be seriously Interfered with."
CHEFTJ. June 22.— A dispatch from New
Chwang.'at the head of the Gulf of Llao
Tung, eays: — -
SAFE AT NEW CHWANO.
Minister of the Navy— Vice Admiral Morla.
Minister of Agriculture — Sliroor Cartano.
Minister of Posts ' and Telegraphs— Signer
Pacolato.
- The Chamber will reassemble ' next
Thursday.
Signor Saracco.
ROME. June 23.— An official note an
nounces "that Signor Saracco will to-mor
row submit to the King: a new Hat of
Ministers. The proposed lfst Is as follows:
President of the Council and Minister of the
Interior— SImor Saraeco.
Minister of Foreign Affairs — Marquis Vlscon
tl Venosta.
Minister of Justice— Signor Glantcrso.
Treasurer - with Interim Finance — Slyaor
Jt2le$ Rubenl.
Mlnlrter of Public "Works— Slrnor Brancas.
. Minister cf Education— Signer Gallo.
Minister of War— Signor Basan-Martiao.
List of Ministers to .Be Submitted, by
ITALY'S NEW CABINET.
LONDON. June 23.— The British Gov
ernment has given permission to all Brit
ish warships between Taku and Chefu to
carry telegrams.
burg. Time. 1:17 4-5-
Tne pentathlon aroused the spectators
to a hi«?h pitch. The prize, a cold medal,
waa won by Emll Sell of the Union Hill.
X. J.. Turn Verein.
To-night the golden Jubilee conclude*!
with a midsummer night's festival at
Washington Park, during which the prizes
for the gymnastic contests held during
the week were awarded. The North St.
Louis Turn Vereln won tbe first prize tor
class turning, having made 45.9s points.
In the singing contests the Philadelphia
Turngemeinde took first prise with 77
points: John F*. Blssine/er. New York,
took first prize for apparatus work, with
4125 "points. In calisthenics .the greatest
number cf points were scored by Oustav
Gerhardt of Rochester, whose average
was 33.C0. C- "Waldbatt of Chicago made
57^4 points In fencing with foils, and T. C.
Grenier of Chicago took first prize In the
broadswords, with 15.75 points. The five
mile bicycle race was won by A. R. Ab.
rens of Chicago, who finished In fifteen
minutes three and one-fifth seconds. The
club swinging contest was wen by Err.il
Vol?t Jr. of St. Louis, with S3.50 points.
.TO CABBY TELEGBAMS.
T*™-1 Sell of New Jersey Wins tin
Golden Medal in' tne Pen-
PHILADELPHIA. June 22.— Five thou
sand Turners participated in the street
parade of the North American Turner
bund to-day. The parade ended at the
baseball park, where the great interest of
the spectators centered in the pentathlon,
or contest of live events. The events were
the hop. step and jump, throwing the
spear. r»-yard dash, putting the shot and
wrestling.
From the spectacular point of view the
mass wand exercises. In which 200 of the
active members participated, was the
event of the afternoon.
In the swimming contests the final heat
in the 100-yard race was won by John T.
Taylor of the Central Turn Vereln, Pltts-
GOLDEN JUBILEE OF
THE TURNERS ENDED
j Philadelphia and Brooklyn Score
Easy Victories.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— "W. L. Pet.* Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....23 17 -6SC Chicago 24 27 .471
Philadelphia.** 13 .GTl i Cladnnati ..51 27 .453
Boston 24 25 .43O;St. Louis 20 27 .4*6
\ Plttsburg ...25 27 .4Sl|New York. ...19 23 .383
BOSTON. June 23.— Philadelphia wen an in
teresting game from Boston to-day by bunching
hits with Boston's errors. Attendance 6CX1.
Score:
Clubs— B- H. E.
Boston 4 10 7
Philadelphia 10 13 4
Batteries— Nicholas, Cuppy and Sullivan; Fra
zer and McFariaad. Umpre— Emslie.
NEW TORK. Jane 23. — The Brooklrns won
as they pleased from the New York- to-day, the
latter playing a poor fielding game. Howeir§
clever pitching did 'much toward, winning the
game. Attendance TOGO. Score:
• Clubs— R. H. E.
New York '. 14 5
Brooklyn 12 1* 0
Batteries — Doheny and Bowermaa; Howell
and McGulre. Umpire — O'Day.
CHICAGO, June ».— Cincinnati won a pitch
ers' battle to-day. An error and three hits
gave Chicago three runs In the third. Taylor
had or.* bad inning, the seventh, a base on
balls, an error, two wild pitches and three hit*,
making four runs and the game. Attendance
41C0. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago a 5 1
Cincinnati 4 4 1
Batteries— Taylor and Nichols; Scott and
Pelti. Umpire — Swartwocd.
ST. LOUIS, Jus* 23.— St. Louls-Plttrtrarg
game postponed; raln.^
Aznerican. X/eague Games.
CHICAGO, June C— Score: Chicago 3, Kan
sas City 2.
MINNEAPOLIS. Jane *3.— Score: Minneapo
lis S. Milwaukee 2.
DETROIT, June 23. — Bcore: Detroit 6, IA-
Alaoapolls 0.
CLEVLAXD, June 13.— Scow: Cleveland* 10.
Buffalo L SfeM&fiHElfiWn-
LEADERS WIN GAMES.
Responsible for run»— Harper 5, Bevllle 3.
Two-bae« hit»— Moore, Mangerina. Sacrlflce
hits— Moor*. Lochhead, Harper, Laage. Double
plays — Lochhead to Babbitt to Stretb; Lasge to
to Hutchlnaon. Left oa bas»s —
Stockton ls>, Oakland 4. First base on
errors— Stockton L Struck out— By Harrier a.
by Bevllle 2. Wild pitch— Harper. Base oa
balla — Off Harper 5. off BetvUle 10. Time— 1:45.
Umpire— J Donahue. Official Scorer— A. Har
lin.
Stockton 0 10 10 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 0 1110 10 1 0-5
Oakland 5 10 10 0 0 0 •— 7
Base hits 5 3 1 1 0 0 0 0 •— 3
SUMMARY.
SUMMARY.
RU>*S AXt> HITS BY IN*NIXGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. Es
Dirnnan. cf 3 3 2 1 S 0 0
Lange. 3b '¦¦ 3 12 0 14 0
Hutchinson, lb 2 1 0 0 12 0 0
Mcskirn&n. If 4 1 Z 0 Z 0 0
Franks, s. s 4 0 0 0 110
Arrellanes. !b 4 0 0 0 1 7 o
Hardie. rf 3 1 1 0 2 0 0
Mangerlna, c 3 0 2 0 3 2 0
Bevllle. p 4 0 0 0 0 3 1
Total* 80 7 ~9 "l 27 12 1
OAKLAND.
Oakland Win6 at Stockton.
STOCKTON, June 23.— Oakland batted
out a victory 111 the first inning against
the home team by placing the ball safe
for five hits, netting five' runs. After that
they could not touch Harper, but the lo
cals failed to overcome the Dudes' lead.
Drennan's work at the bat and in the field
was the feature of the contest. Score:
STOCKTON.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Strelb. lb 4 0 1 0 JJ 0 0
Babbitt. 2b J 0 1 1 • 3 4 0
Lochhead. a. «. 4 0 0 0 13 0
Pace, c 3 10 0 5 0 1
McCarthy. If 10 2 1110
Moor*. 3b 3 0 1 0 0 S 0
Courtney, cf 3 0 0 110 0
Morrow, rf. 2 10 0 0 0 0
Hup«r, p 1 0 0 0 0 2_ v
Totals 2S 2 S t 24 13 1
The veil drawn over events in Peking
by the interruption of communication
serves to increase the anxiety felt here.
M. Delcasse, Minister of Foreign Affairs,
speaking to-day" upon the situation, gave
it as his opinion that the purpose of the
united powers was to overcome the re
bellion and to insure the safety of lives
and property of all foreigners.
Anxiety Over Chinese Situation.
"Russia has lost a sincere admirer In
Count Muravieff," said Mr. Hutchinson.
"We found him a man of great scholarly
attainments and unusually conversant
' with affairs In the ITnlted States and with
American institutions. It was gratifying
to us to learn of bis acquaintance with
the educational institutions of our coun
try. Our Interview with the Czar we con
sider more of a compliment to Mr.
Tower's relations toward the Russian
court than to ourselves. It left us with a
thorough Impression that the Czar was a
man of a strong, progressive mind, and
although hampered in the fulfillment of
his ideas by traditions and his deep
rooted interest in the aristocracy, ye* In
the course of time he will undoubtedly
reach the goal toward which he is work
ing and place his country In the very
\-ansuard of commercial progress. We
found tn the Czar none of the cold re
serve usually associated with monarch-.
He has a frank, candid manner and is
kindly of speech."
Speaking of their reception among the
Russians generally, they emphasized the
hospitality of the nation and the evident
desire to aid foreigners In securing infor
mation about their country. Even among
the peasant class there was nothing of
that antipathy to " aliens so noticeable
abroad In many countries. . %
A warm appreciation of Count Mura
vieff was expressed to-day by Charles
Hutchinson and Martin Ryerson, who,
with Charles Crane and President W. R.
Harper, all of Chicago, recently had an
interview with the Czar and Count Mu
ravieff.
Tribute to MuraviefT.
The removal of Count Muravieff from
the Council of the Czar Is gravely com
mented upon by the French press, and in
the hopes expressed that the policy of
Russia will not be affected thereby one
discerns apprehension lest the foundation
of the Franco-Russian alliance should be
rudely shaken by the lopping off of one
of Its strongest roots. M. Delcasse him
self, talking with a friend on the subject,
set aside these fears, laying- stress on the
fact that while the personal feelings of
Muravieff were of great value In cement
ing sympathetic accord between the two
nations, yet the real Foreign Minister was
the Czar and he has given repeated tok
ens of sincere friendship for France.
Therefore, according to M. Delcasse.
Frenchmen could regard the political fu
ture with perfect serenity.
and France, moreover, have not rested
upon a purely political basis. A great
element of strength v/as found In the
personal friendship existing between M.
Delcasse, French Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, and Count Muravieff, and to the
former the loss of his friend came as a
severe blow.
Muravieff was a bitter antagonist of Eng
land, and in him France felt that she had
an influential friend in the event of diffi
culties with Great Britain. The cordial
relations of the foreign officers of Russia
Franco-Russian alliance, has caused deep
concern among the members of the
French onlcial and political world. Count
eign Affairs, the strong bulwark of the
PARIS, June 23.— The sudden death of
Count Muravieff, Russlon Minister of For-
Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated Press.
May Endanger the Alliance
With St. Petersburg
Government,
FIANCE LOSER
BY THE DEATH
OF MURAVIEFF
AR R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLauffWIn. 1. f 3 1 0 l t 0 0
D^vei-eaux. Jb 1 1 0 1 1 %%'¦%
Eras. ». s - 4 1 0 1 1 s f
Huyhrs. r. t 4 2 12 10 0
Kaslon. lb.- 3 110 9 0 0
Stanley, c 4 10 0 4 10
Doyle, p 10 10 0 2 0
Ehsnahan. c t 3 0 0 1 6 0 1
Stult*. 2b 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
TotaU t) " 3 ( 27 S ~|
BUXS AXD HITS BT IJTN'IXGS.
San Francisco _... 00400000 2 t
Bue hit* 10311110 1-3
Sacramento S04Q0000 •— 7
Eim hltc 10300000 •— *
SACRAMENTO
AB. R. BH. SB. PO..A E
Brockhcff. c f » 1 2 0 6 0 2
Hlldebrand. r. f 4 J 2 1 1 1 0
Schwartz. 2b 5 1 2 0 1 1 1
SuHtvan. c 3 1 0 0 3 j ;
Pab?t. lb 5 0 2 0 11 0 l
Krttz, *. s 3 0 0 0 14 1
Kru*. 1. f 4 0 10 10 0
ReU!y. 2b 4 0 0 0 1(2
Iburg. p 3 0 0 0 0 10
1/ •• y 110 0 0 0 0
Tot*U K C 9 1 U 15 "s.
SAN FRANCISCO.
U San Francisco 6. Sacramento 7.
ilr. Brockhoff. erratic, eccentric and
! =rrir.gy Mr. Brcckhoff, did it again. He
i has caused more real anguish to Hank's
j sore heart than half a dozen men. all
i double his weight. Yesterday Brockhoff
' crepped a fly after a hard run. That In
itself is rot a crime of crimes, but there
, were three Senators prancing on the bag3
j and before the ball : cached the- In-field
these solor.s were over the plate.
There were several grief-augmenting cir
cumstances attached to this material er
ror of Brockhoff. Two men dressed in
the tcsa. had already been put upon the
; slabs of death. Then again in this In
'• rung— the third — Uncle's men had found
! Mr Doyie and they scattered his curves
' over the field for thrse hits ar.d four
runs, giving Hank th« lead by a tally.
1 Uncle's joy was cf short duration. When
the inning* was completed the score stood
7-4 in favcr of Sacramento.
The tirst inning showed Uncle's "saur-
I krauf team in bad colors. With a bit of
1 lu"k, a hit and convenient errors, three
j Senators, McLaughlln, Eagan and
H-aghes, crossed the plate.
For a few moments the local team re
deemed Itself In the third. Brockhoff led
off with a single, scoring on Hildebrand's
two bagger. An error by Eagan. which
pave Schwartz his base, and a base on
balls to Sullivan filled the bags. Pabst
then swatted the ball to a safe spot In
center field, both Hildebrand and
Schwartz tallying. Sully scored on &
passed balL That was all, but It gave
the local team a temporary lead. Imme
diately after came the funeral. Dever
eaui walked to first. Hughes gt>t there
on a hit and Hanlon was another walker.
There were two outs by this time and
then the fun began. Stanley's bit to
Brockhoff did it. the sacks being emptied
ar.d Stanley resting on second only to be
brought in over the plate by a double
which went to the credit of Doyle.
Iburg pitched better ball than Doyle, but
few hits being made off "his delivery. Er
rors axe what lost the game to the local
team.
In the ninth as a forlorn hope Rube Lew
was put in to bat for Iburg and a llttie ex
citement resulted. Rube made first on a
hit ar.d a double bv Hildebrand put him
on third. On the throw In of Schwartz's
fly to Mcl^aughlln Rube scored. Then
Sully swatted the ball to Shanahan. who
dropped it down by the fence and Hilde
brand scored. After that came the third
out. The score:
Brockhoff Drops a Fly With
the Sacks Crowded and
Two Out,
SENATORS GIVE
HARRIS A DOSE
OF BAD BITTERS
Seven or eight of the passengers were
saved, but the flagman Is the only mem
ber of the train crew alive.
The train was composed of one sleeper,
two day coaches and two baggage cars.
The Pullman caught fire, but before it
was totally destroyed the body of Cap
tain "Wood was rescued.
" The wreck occurred at a culvert near
the Ocomuig'ee River, a short distance
from McDonougft. A cloudburst occurred
to-night and flooded the country near Mc-
Donough. The train went into the wash
out without a note of warning', and de
spite the pouring rain the wreckage took
fire.
The Southern Railway officials here have
up to thfs hour only the most meager ad
vices, but express considerable apprehen
sion.
It Is reported here that there was heavy
loss of life. The train crew is said to be
lost and only seven passengers ax« known
to be uninjured.
ATLAXTA. Ga., June 21— A passenger
train on the Southern Railway, which left
Maeon at 7 p. m for Atlanta, ran into a
washout near McDonough. Ga., to-day.
Train on the Southern Runs
Into a Washout in
Georgia.
RAIL DISASTER
CAUSES HEAVY
LOSS OF LIFE
Runs re-ponslb'.e for— Doyle 2. Two-base hits
— Pabst (2). Hildebrand (2). Doyle, Brockhoff.
Sacrifice hit — Deverwuix. First base on errors —
San Francisco 3, Sacramento *. First base on
called bill?— Fan Francisco 3, S&crisicnto i
Left oa bases — San Francisco (. Sacramento &.
Struck out— By Iburgr 3. by Doyle 3. Hit by
pitcher— McLaughlln. Passed ' bail — Stanley.
Time of gaiae — 2 hours. Umpire — Graves. Of
ficial aiorer— J. W. St&pleton.
EOI1IART.
The Senate has passed the Government
bill to repress the. scurrilous attacks on
the President of the Republic, a measure
to facilitate punishment of the offenders
by providing for a summary trial In the
Police Court instead of legal proceedings,
otten tedious, before the assize courts.
The press severely criticised the Govern
ment for Inventing a new game Instead
of remaining contented with its present
weapons.
Many Americans of wealth and social
prominence are now In Paris and the re
sults are a continuous succession of so
cial functions— so many. In fact, that the
dates conflict. At present life In the
American colony, augmented by the vis
itors to the exposition. Is exceedingly gay.
M. H. de Young has taken the residence
which the Landgrave of Hesse made
famous by elaborate entertaining last
winter.
The exposition can now b« described as
t finally completed. Everything is quite
readj* and the exhibits are all installed.
The "jurors are hard at work In all sec
tions, with the usual amount of grum
bling and discontent on the part of those
not receiving prizes. The Insurance pol
icies on the oiflclal exhibits against tire
and robbery rench In value over J4O,oOO,00O.
JThe largest portion Is naturally absorbed
!fby the fine arts section.
Exposition" Completed.
"An effort could thea be made," said
M. Delcasse, "to re-establish the Impe
rial government, but with-such conditions
and assurances that all religious interests
should be absolutely protected. If the
Dowager Empress Is so involved that this
Is Impossible a Joint protectorate might
be the outcome, or. possibly, a Joint se
lection of some Individual to govern,
backed by the forces of all the powers,
the last extremity to be the division of
the empire.
"The position of the United States last
year In declaring herself in favor of the
'open door" policy greatly strengthened
her rights in the present situation, for It
is regarded in diplomatic circles that had
she not at that time asserted publicly her
determination to be an Influence of the
commercial future of China she could not
at this late date, when there Is a possi
bility of the division of the spoils, have
stepped In to demand a share."
Naval maneuvers on an extensive scale
will open next week In the English chan
nel, where the Mediterranean and north
era squadrons will go through a number
! of evolutions under war conditions. Ad
miral Gervais. who took part in the
Franco-Russian demonstration at St.
Petersburg in the early days of the al
liance, has been placed in chief command
of the naval forces. It will be the most
powerful fleet France has yet brought to
gether. The Mediterranean fleet, whfen
left Toulon on Friday for the north, alone
comprises thirty-four ships, including ten
Ironclads and ten cruiser*!.
tweea G and H and Ninth and Tenth
streets, save the portion which was occu
pied for the bonfire and the pyror*chni cs,
•aas a sea of faces. Benches hai beeri
prepared for more than half the block.
I Bt they were not enough to seat cne
ter.th of the crowd which put in an ap
j^a^nce.
Marked attention was given the speak
ers and It was evident that the campalg-^
e-j weil opened. v.as to be like that of
focr years ago. not given to cheers so
much as to thoughts. The committee in
SAN DIEOO. June 23.-The biggesi
ratif.ca.tioa that has ever b«ea
known In this portion of Southern
California was that which was giver
to-night to the ticket nominated bv
the delegates gathered at Philadelphia
earlier In the wetk. The entire block be-
IWm ©I EG©
SANTA ROSA, June 23.— The work of
the Republican convention at Philadelphia
was appropriately ratified by local mem
bers of that party In this city this even
ing. Bonfires blazed, martial music filled
the air and the exercises were attended
AT SANTA EOSA.
VENTURA. June 23.— The nominations
at William McKlnley for President and
Theodore Roosevelt for Vice President
were enthusiastically ratified by the Re
publicans of this county in this city to
nsght- There was firing of rockets, boom
ing of cannons and burning of barrels on
the principal streets of the city, and shoot
ing of firecrackers. A meeting held at the
Academy of Music was attended by hun
dreds of people. It was a rousing affair.
The Ventura city band furnished music
for the occasion. There were several mu
sical selections rendered and speeches
were made by local orators. A McKinley
and Roosevelt campaign club has been or
ganized In this city, and a marching club
will also be formed.
VAX.LEJO. June 23. — The Republicans
of Solano County ratified the nomi
nations of McKinley and Roosevelt
at a meeting in Farragut Hall. Prior
to the meeting there was a street parade
and a display of fireworks.
Congressman Victor H. Metcalf was the
principal speaker at the meeting. Ad
dresses were also made by S. M. Snort
ridge and Frank R. Devlin. Hon. J. J.
Luchsinger presided.
AT VENTUIlA.
LOS ANGELES, June 23.— -With
plenty of red fire, tooting of horns,
firing of guns and a parade of all
marching and other clubs, the Re
publicans of Los Angeles, Pasa~
Jena and vicinity to-night ratified the
SAN LUIS OBISPO, June 23.— The Re
publicans here ratified the national ticket
and platform this evening with a rally
and speech-makinjr at Maennerchor Hall.
The building was crowded with loyal par
tisans and the names of McKlnley and
Roosevelt were repeatedly greeted with
cheers. The speaker of the evening was
Major Kyle of San Francisco, who came
AT SAN LUIS OBISPO.
Elks' Hall was too small to hold tht
enthusiastic and excited Republican
crowd which listened to addresses by
Congressman R. J. Waters. Judge Franli
F. Davis. Jndge J. W. McKinley and ex-
Governor J. L. Beverldge of Illinois. Ferd.
K. Rule acted as chairman, while glee
clubs sang appropriate campaign songs.
The speakers chose the platform and the
candidates with the illustrious adminis
tration of McKlnley as their texts, the
names of , the nominees being greeted with
saivos of'cheers. Much change In senti
ment Is noted in Los Angeles and from
indications this county never again will
cast its vote for Bryan, nor will It lay
claim to the honor, as in 1S96, of sustain
ing the largest Bryan club In the felted
States.
nomination of McKinley and Roosevelt.
The Amerlcus . Club of Pasadena. 100
strong, made a tour of the city In eleo
tric cars, the head car being fashioned
after a man-of-war, carrying a search
.Jlg-ht. a cannon that boomed and an Im
personation of Teddy Roosevelt as a
Rough Rider.
worth of Gridley and Colonel H. T.
Batchelder of Orovllle.
The Republicans of Southern Butte
County turned out in goodly numbers to
indorse the action of the Philadelphia
convention. The nominations of McKln
ley and Roosevelt was received with great
enthusiasm. Senator John F. Davis of
Jackson and Hon. Fred Greeley of Marys
ville addressed the large gathering,
which evinced a great deal of interest
during the speaking-.
gEf\MLEJQ
S^ AmA
BIGGS, June 23. — The Republican clubs
Of Biggs and Gridley held a rousing rati
fication meeting and torchlight procession
In this place this evening. There were
two larg-e divisions In line, headed by the
Gridley brass band and the Biggs cornet
band, in charge of Grand Marshal G. H.
Stout and his aids. Hon. F. R. Stansell
of Nelson. W. A. Rogers of Thermalito,
J. A. Kennedy of Chardon, Homer Wood-
IN BT7TTE COUNTY.
The speaker then referred to Theodore
Roosevelt of New Tork and during his
remarks regarding the achievements ot
this brave soldier at the head of his band
of Rough Riders at San Juan the speaker
was repeatedly Interrupted by deafening
applause. As Mr; Brusle concluded his
address there were repeated cheers for
McKlnley and Roosevelt, while flags were
waved and hats were thrown high In the
air.
When quiet was restored 2ur. Brusle en
tered into the subject with rim. He char
acterized McKinley as one of the grandest
statesmen America has ever known. He
classed him with Lincoln and stated he
had experienced the most trying time as
President since the assassination of the
immortal Lincoln. "The name of Mc-
Kinley." said the speaker, "is synony
mous with smoking factory chimneys,
employment of American mechanics and
protection to American industries. With
the election of McKinley prosperity re
turned and his nomination by acclamation
In that afternoon ct Philadelphia shows
the confidence reposed in him by the
brainy men of this great nation. At pres
ent everything points to the election of
McKlnley in November by a much greater
majority than in 1£>5."
nominations of McKlnley and Roosevelt
at Philadelphia. At the mention of the
names of McKlnley and Roosevelt hun
dreds rose to their feet and cheeied for
several minutes. When quiet waa again
restored President Harvey Introduced
Hon. Judson Brusle as speaker of the
evening. The reception of Mr. Brusie was
an enthusiastic one and cheering and the
waving of Sags prevented the opening of
the address for some time.
STOCKTON. June 3.— Owing to the at
tractions of the street fair preparations.
the attendance in the hall where the rati
fication meeting was to have been held
was not large, and the meeting was pest
poned until after the fair.
POSTPONEMENT AT STOCKTON,.
AUBURN. June 23.— Auburn Repub
licans ratified the nominations of McKln
ley and Roosevelt to-night on the plaza.
Postmaster H. H. Richmond presided and
speeches were made by Hon. W. B. Lard
r.er. F. P. Tuttle. Prof. P. W. Smith and
II TV. Norton. Music was furnished by
the Ophir band
AT AXTBTJKJH".
SAXTA ANA. June 23.— Santa As*
turned Itself loose to-night ta ratifying
the nominations of McKinley and Roose
velt. There was a street parade, over
1QCQ men b«lsg la line. After the parade
brief addresses were delivered to a larga
audience In Armory HalL
AT SANTA AITA.
AT TTTTTATT
UKIAH. Juse 23.— The nomination of
McKlnley and Roosevelt was received la
this city with great enthusiasm. A well
attended meeting was held In the spacious
law ofSce of T. L. Carothers. Eulogistic
speeches were made and parlotic songs
sung. The meeting was attended by a
number of Republicans, who had In the
last campaign supported W. J. Bryan, but
who have returned to the Republican fold.
The meeting was attended by a number cf
ladies, who aided la the musical pro
gramme.
XAPA. June 23.— Tha P-epcbllcans cf
Napa ratified the nomination of McKinley
and Roosevelt with a xaas3-nieetlng la
the op*ra-house to-night. There waa a
large audience present and the standard
bearers' names were cheered to the echo.
Frank Cocmbs. Thomas Hutehlnsoa and
other speakers addressed the meeting.
Republicans throughout the county ar»
pleased with the Philadelphia nomina
tions and enthusiastic for the ticket.
AT HAPA.
Appropriate speeches were made by
County Treasurer E. F. Woodward. J. M.
Miller, Frank Muther. J. M. Thompson
Ira C. Jenks and L. V. Hitchcock. The
keynote of the remarks was "prosperity**
and "r.cver haul down tha Caff."
hy a. large ncabtr cf p«orle. A stasd for
speakers had been erected oa Fotrrtlx
street in frcnt of the courthouse, asd from
this L. V. Hitchcock, chairman of th«
Republican County Central Committee.
called the meeting to order. Seated upon
the stand were J. II Miller. Ira Jer.ka. W.
J. Eardley. George Doha. J. F. Smith. J.
M. Thompson and Frank Mather. After a>
selection by the band W. J. Eardley was
introduced as chairman cf the evening,
and read a long list of vlc» presidents,
who were mvtted to seats on the platform.
L. T. Hildenbrand. late of the Rough
Rldera, who charged Santiago Hill with
Roosevelt, was vice president of the meet-
Ing. Kls appearance on the rostrum was
greeted with cheers. C. A. Palmer pre
sided over the ratlflcatioa meeting and a!!
the speakers referred to the strength of
the national ticket and prophesied a tidal
wave of votes for McKlnley and Roose-
velt.
here for the occasion. Among the local
speakers were "Warren M. John. Attorney
S. V. Wright and Attorney C. A. Palmer.
The San Luis Obfspo band also participat
ed in the entertainment, playing patriotic
and national airs, ilajor Kyle's address
was frequently Interrupted by applause.
He reviewed the late administration and
frequently referred in slowing terms to
President ilcKInley and the Rough Rider
candidate for the Vice Presidency.
At S:43 o'clock the meeting at the
Armory Opera-house was called to order
by Dr. J. W. Harvey, president of the
Chico Republican Club. Dr. Harvey
briefly announced the object of the meet
ing and called attention to the unanimous
CHICO. June 23.— The Armory Opera
house, the largest hall In this city, wa*
inadequate to hold the crowd assembled
to-night to ratify the nomination of Mc-
Kinley and Roosevelt as President and
Vice President respectively. All day prep
arations for the meeting had been going
on ar.d at dusk huge bonfires were ii/hted
on all the principal business streets of
the city. The Eighth Regiment Banl had
been engaged for the occasion and as the
band marched through the streets of the
citv to lively, patriotic airs. Republicans
cf "the «ci r .y and surrounding country con
gregated in large numbers and cheer after
cheer was given for the Republican stand
ard-bearers.
AT CEJCO.
SANTA CRUZ, June C3.— The action of
the Republican National Convention
in nominating- McKinley and Roose
velt has met with the hearty ap
proval of residents of this city and
vicinity. A mass meeting was called fcr
to-night on the lower plaza and the at
tendance was much better than the most
optimist of party leaders expected.
Bonfires were lighted, red fire glowed.
anvils boomed and bands rendered martial
music.
Enthusiastic speeches were make- by
J. XT. Linscott. C. E. Lindsay, Duncan
McPherson and others.
IN every city of Importance oa the
coast, la small ttrtvr.s ar.d villages and
localities cosszjorly designated as the
"cross roads" the action cf the Re
publican National Convention in nam
ing McKinley and Roosevelt as the stand
ard-bearers was ratiHed last night. En
tiuslasm ran high. Bonfires were kindled,
salutes fired and flaming rockets rent the
heavens. Brass bauds played martial airs
and millionaire and worklngman marched
ehoulder to shoulder In procession.
Thousands gathered around hastily con- ¦
ctructed platforms and cheered them
selves hoarse at the mention of the names
of the great parry leaders. Speakers noted
far and wide fcr their oratorical ability
and men from the masses alike aroused
the enthusiasm of the assembled multi
tudes.
In no place was there a cut and dried
programme "with stereotyped speeches and
mathematically calculated pauses for ap
plause. Gatherings were spontaneous.
Men who had spent the day toiling ia
workshop cr en the farm took the ros
trum and spoke frcm their hearts. They I
tcld of the years of hard times, of the j
perplexing- doubt and puzzling questions i
cf four years ago and of the era cf pros
perity inaugurated by the ilcKinley ad
ministration.
Many openly admitted that, confused by
«trange arguments and confronted by new
C"-estior.s. they had forsaken the Repub
lican party and raise-J their voices in the
cry 'or Bryan and sliver. They admitted
having been lead astray and pledged
themselves even to the principles of the
«rar.d eld party.
These meetings practically opened the
campaign in the West. They show that
farmer, merchant and capitalist hold en- !
limited confidence in the administration !
¦which has lived through the most peril- j
,ous times since the days cf Lincoln and
<3ra=.t.
The meeting was held under the aus
pices of the County Central Committee
and was presided over by Sam F. Smith,
its chairman, who called the Immense
gathering to order as soon as it was pos
sible after the shouts at the furnaces, the
bonfire and the fireworks were somewhat
stilled. Among the speakers were Victor
E. Shaw and J. Wade McDonald, two con
verts to Republicanism since the nomina
tion 0/ Bryan at Chicago four years, ago.
The other speakers were ex-Congressman
\V. TV. Bowers. Charles R. Stewart. M. L.
Ward, W. R. Guy, D. L. Murdock. and W.
A. Sloan. The Central Committee is im
mensely well pleased with the auspicious
opening of the campaign.
charge of the pyrotechnics had something
cut cf. the ordinary in the display, having
built tea miniature blast furnaces of wood
filled witii oil-saturated kindling and
shavings. They were about twelve feet
high and with a draft from the bottom
the sheet of flame was sent high In the
air from the top of each, making a show
not unlike the furnace fires of Pennsyl
vania and Ohio, which were started
through the success cf McKlnley and Ho
bart four years ag-o.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ".JUNE 24, 1900.
15
CALIFORNIA RATIFIES THE TICKET
Cured
Ak &3£H wmie
«• Craa-SolrrBt " 4lM«lr*« Stricter*- like
tnow beneath (he ion, rrdnrea V.>-
LAftGED HlOiTVTi:. And •trenrth-
?•>:? «::<- feeininal Dan*. Mopping drains
ana «-atls«lott* IX 11HL1.5 DAYS.
>n drajr* to rain the otomnrh. bat a di-
rect local nail poftittve Application to the
entire I" ret hal Tract.
CHAX -KOL TEXT is the wonder cf the
cc-nturr. Discovered by tbe Chrmirt Pabrion,
it qcicklr interested the great' Scientist and
Physician' Erdsiaa, who developed it and pro-
claimed tnat :sarrelons action m Crethal Ail-
rr.-r.ts which electrified the world.
At an rmcrmaut ex feme DR. C. J. CARTER
c : .' '' ;,*.''- **?" competitors and secured exclusive
control en tJu ll'eaern Continent for Uu ST.
/AyfES ASSOCIATION.
Crac-Solvect is not a liqoM. It !s prepared
In the fbna of Craycas or Pencils, taooih and
flexible, asd *o narrow as to pass tbe closes'
ttricture.
Every M&a Sbcufd Know Htesc'f.
Tne veaeraMe Dr. C. J. Carter, Prefect of
lie St. James Association, ha* prepared at great
rxoenseaa exhaustive illcstra- KRr\raia>T
tr^ 7:ri::rf upon thr — ale *v»- rTtCJSL L, 'J
tern, wfcicb the association will r tn| f£ Jr" *
•end to any male applicant ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦i ¦
si. j£C£s Ass'a. 250 Vine Si.. Cincinnati. 0. j
When tie nervous system £s • j -t?3
is weakened , the body gen- j§,.,*Cii|
erslly sho'ws the syi:ptora
of tresulousaess in 'some of S^j^U'.\
its menbers. The hands §g»»*lVi
sb^ke, the lips twitch at the SSc^'Y
comers, cr the eyelids qaiv- S^sMV^
tr involuntarily. Such a «g£5*£lr>:
c— iition calls :or medicine
which feeds the nerves. Eh". >^i.KV?jfj
Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery, acting directly I „*- -
on the stomach aad org-acs of di- W^4
gestion and nutrition, has a won- fgsS?
derful influence in restoring nerv-
o=s force. It quiets the nerves cu^|
not by drugging thern into stupor
but by feeding them into strength §&
The "Discovery" has restored |§
the health of thousands cf those (C* 1
who ¦K-ere utterly hopeless, giving
them back natural appetite, phy- |g
sical vigcr, healthful sleep and |k|
mental strength. There is no affei
alcohol in "Golden Medical Dis- 3tl
covery " and it contains no opium, g¥
cocaine cr other narcotic " !§£
Darid Drsrsrins, Esq., cf Tones Ohio ff-*'i.
Co.. Ke=tucty. writes: 'Wi n i JS=r
began takis? Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery I thisk I had ftfi^SSSlJ
nervous r r griir-*: debility of three fS^fdaJ 1 .
years' duration- I took three bot- >£«
ties cf the 'Discoverv.' During the jdK^S'
time I -*-as :-'i.:r.r it — •-• sleep be / - **5£ r
cxrae more refreshing aad I eaiaed f^^^0^
£iicen pound* weight, aaa »;y>
gained strength every day.'
Free, on receipt of stamps to pay ex-
pense of Tnailirig only. Dr. Pierce's Med-
ical Adviser, iooS pages. Send 21 one-
cent stamps for book in paper covers,
or 31 stamps in cloth burning to Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
ADVESnSZZEXTS.
ADVEBTISE3EENTS.
SAN FRANCISCANS
i IN TROUBLE.
Are You One of Them?
It Is estimated that OBt of tta O>.»> !r:hah-
: itar.ts of cur city JOO.'YX) have some forsi of
. •! " rr.a -*i trouble. If you haTe any of the symp-
tovn% mentioned below ycu ar» !nc!uiied in that
. number. Stomach tronb!». indigestion or <"ys-
pepsia. as you choose t» call It, does not ap-
pear 13 bf a very dangerous <i!sease for the
reason that it does not always Veep the af-
flicted away frcrn his or hT <la!!y worlt. yet th*
¦jsptoma are felt daring the entire day an.-*
are very artncyini. .
Some of tie cc-nynoner symptoms of stomach
trouble are sick headache, dizziness, bUiccs-
ce*3. sour stomach, heartbara. irregularity of
the bowels, a feeiin? of uneasiness, distress
arter eating-, poor appetite, palpitation or ths
heart, a trembling In tbe pit of stomach, less
of fiesh. r-Mlesssess, depression of spirits, ner-
vousness, nsentai and physical w-akness. %
weak and Cabby condition of the muscles, a
t dry ard hot burning skin. Tonoitiag and 2a£a-
lesee.
Indigestion eanaea lzcsnra blood and lmyur»
blood is the principal catae of tie rarious fatal
diseases that afflict hucsaaity. Tcero la Just
one way to correct th« trouble— use a resedy
taat acts upon the stomach and blocd. TXEG-
TROZONT: Is a superior remedy for any torn*
of stciaach trot:Me. It causes a heaJthy flow
! of blood to all parts of tne body, waieh as-
j sists the stomach tn -!rr.j Its wcrk naturally.
I It arrests fexmectation ot food, prevents actd-
' Ity of the stomach. Increases the appetite, im-
proves the digestion aad r»T"J!aJe9 tise bowels.
The general resnlt is a positive and permanent
cure. Toor drujf^ist will suppiy you at {'. bot-
tle. Circular aad testimonial* will be sent
free by the Eectrczaoe il's. Co.. Saa Fran-
cisco.
DR. T. B. TAT1/DR. a farmer professor of
the Philadelphia Medical College, writes: I
to & physician asd sarjeon of M years* prac-
tice and cheerfully recommend Electroxone for
Stomach. Kidner aad Nervous deransersents.
1 have us*d aad prescribed ir with sood results.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Jan. 12. 130ft.
This !s tr> certify that in KoT*mN?r. 1339. I
commenced to take Electrozc&e fcr serisus
stcmaca trouble that caused e* much su!J;rtos
fcr- years duria* which time I spent survlredJ
of dollars for relief, with no results. To tar
surprise, one bottla of EUectrozcce cured ma..
Tou may ose this asyoa tea fit- Yotzrs truly,
N\ T. LAMPKER£^ 1733 Western it*Shiners at Sacramento.
Vacancies Filled.
SACRAMENTO, June 23.— Fourteen car
loads of Shrlners of Islam Temple, San
i Francisco, .arrived here, this evening on
j their way to I^ake Tahoe, there i being
about 250 in all. They were met by a dele
gation of the local nobles and escorted
|»to the Golden Eagle Hotel, where a ban
rquet had been prepared for them, at
which Illustrious Potentate R. P. Hul
burt presided. After a stay of a couple
of hours they proceeded on their way,
accompanied by a number of Sacramento
nobles. They will make a tour of the
lake to-morrow and return Monday.
SACRAMENTO. June 23.— Governor
Gage this afternoon appointed Dr. W. J.
Hanna of Sacramento a member of the
State Board of Health, vice Dr. A. M.
Henderson, who failed to qualify. The
Governor also appointed | Senator Frank
\V. Leavitt of Alameda a director of the
Deaf and Dumb and Blind Asylum, vice
W.'S. Wells, resigned.
KIM QUEY TESTIFIES.
Abduction.
Spo-Hal DiFpatch to The Call.
Chinese Girl Tells the Story of Her
SAN JOSE, June 23.-Kim Quey, the
Chinese girl who figures in the Palo Alto
abduction cases, took the stand this
morning: in the trial of Wong Fong. She
appeared in American costume and was
hardly recognizable as the same girl who
was dramatically introduced by Attorney
B. A. Herrington at the mass-meeting In
this city called to condemn the action of
the perpertators of the Palo Alto out
rage. She is a rather good looking Chi
nese girl of about 18 years.
Kim Quey. through an interpreter, said
that she was In the mission with Miss
Cameron, but was taken from there by
Wong Hing Ding, Wong Fong and an of
ficer whom she identified as Deputy Con
stable Tom Harris. She told substan
tially the same story Miss Cameron told
yesterday. She said she came to this
country to attend'thc Omaha Exposition
and later came to Sikn Francisco. The
girl told of the trip to Palo Alto. When
asked ¦why they went into the country,
she Bald for no particular reason except
that some one got out a paper to take
her.
Kim Quey said that it was "Wong Hlng
Ding who took hold of her, and that Har
ris gave the warrant to Miss Cameron.
Then she said they all four took a ride
into the country, the two Chinese, Miss
Cameron and Harris being included In the
party. According to the witness, they
went to a hotel at Palo Alto, where they
stopped and stayed for^some little time.
After that they went to a dirty place, the
jail.
Kim Quey told of some one calling to
them to open the dcor of the Jail, which
had been locked with sticks,-" as she ex
pressed it, and finally they pushed the
door open and a white man took hold of
her and she grot into a wagon. When
asked if she went willingly or was forced
to get into the rig, she said:
"It was not myself that went there, but
they helped me In."
An attempt was made to have her Iden
tify Justice Dyer of Palo Alto, but she
did not recognize him.
The cross-examination was continued
this afternoon.
Reported to Have Died.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DR. FIKTGAN BEOOVEBINCr.
Popular Dentist Was Erroneously
SAN JOSE, June 23.— Dr. Lawrence Flnl
gan, one of the best-known dentists In
California, has been seriously 111 for the
past few days with Bright" s disease, but
this evening marked signs of improvement
were manifested and it is thought he will
recover. For some time he has been In
delicate health, and Thursday his condi
tion became critical. The report of fris
death was current about town and one
of the local papers printed his death and
biography. Since then he has shown con
tinued slight improvement, and to-night
his physicians are hopeful. Just before
his illness he had planned an extended
outing In the hope of regaining health.
Dr. Flnlgan has been very prominent In
local affairs and is now filling his second
term as Police and Fire Commissioner of
this city. He served one term as president
of the Santa Clarfi. Valley Dental Society,
and is also a member of the State Dental
Association and has always been very ac
tive among local dentists. Dr. Flnlgan
was born In Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1S47, and
came to California In 1S70. He served In
the Fiftieth Ohio Infantry in the civil war.
He is prominent in several lodges and
has a host of friends who are very
anxious about his welfare
Death of Dr. McNulty.
SANTA BARBARA, June 25.— Dr. J. Bl.
McNulty, city health officer, formerly of
San Francisco, died to-night, aged sev
enty-four years. The remains will be
taken to San Francisco for cremation. He
leaves a wife.
Special DlsiMitch to The Call.
CKIAH. June £3— Several days ago T.
L. Carothers filed charges against Dr. E.
W. King, the m«viical superintendent of
the local State hospital. One of the in-
Cictmonts was to the effect that one of the
cfficials had frequently been seen In com
pany with a female patient and that the
patient had been furnished with intoxicat
ing liquors.
Immediately after the publication of the
Soa of T. L. Carothers, Who Came
Out Openly in Opposition to
Boss Rule. Deprived of
His Position.
Duncan- Handy Element Di
rectly Connected With
Recent Scandals.
UKIAH ASYLUM
USED TO VENT
POLITICAL SPITE
lum embroglio. and gives a succinct his
tory of the causes which led to the recent
upheaval at the institution and the pres
ent excitement at that place.
charges Dr. Twitchell, an interne at tire
hospital and a very intimate friend of the
ageu Fuperintendt-nt, resigned his position
and left for parts unknown. Twitchell
h^d been an interne at the asylum for
several years, and many of the employed
of that institution are ready to trsiify to
the fact that be had been frequently seen
in company with "a female inmate who
had been committed to the hospital from
Arcata, Humboidt County. The woman in
question is young and prepossessing, and
the charge against her was dipsomania.
Svhen Twitchell was lirst suspected of
having furnished her with liquor sho was
discharged as cured and Twitchell was
given a vacation for a couple of. months.
When the little storm blew over Twitch
ell returned and remained here until the
recent charges against L>r. King were pre
ferred. Now he is gone.
There is a public school near the asylum,
and several of the trustees are employes
of that institution. Some time ago there
was a vacancy in the prineipalsnip, and
Secretary Handy wanted the place for a
near relative. He had heard, however,
tnat D. K. McKinley, tlreman at the asy
lum, together with another member of the
board ot trustees, had pledged the position
to a lady named Mrs. Gannon, who had
previously taught the school. Mr. Handy
then, according to the charge liled with
the board of managers, approached Mc-
Kinley and told him that it he wished to
hold nis place he would better Vote for
the party whom the secretary wanted.
McKinley, seeing the sword suspended
over his head, did as requested, and Air.
Handy's relative got the place. At the
school election held June 1 Mr. Handy
made the same play and his relative still
holds the place. *
Behind ail this excitement at the asy
lum there ls a pretty little story of polit
ical intrigue and chicanery, in the local
cajTipalgn of IMS the delegation from this
county to the State convention had been
pledged for Senator Thomas Flint for
Governor long before their election by A.
M. Duncan, who posed as a t>olitical
leader of the push of the Third Supervi
sorial District. He openly asserted at
that time that unless he could cast the
vole of the delegation for his favorite
candidate he would do what he could to
defeat the Republican party at the ap
proaching election. When the leaders ot
the party learned of the arrogant claims
made by Duncan they rebelled. Duncan
had been a member of the Board of Su
pervisors which had been Indicted for
malfeasance in ofilce. The board was
tried and acquitted of the charge, al
though the evidence of Its culpability
was regarded as complete. It simply
escaped on a technicality. That shows
the character of the man and explains
why the leaders of the party objected to
being classed as willing tools of the Dun
can push.
The Intention of the Duncan faction,
however, to prostitute the delegation to
its own end, was not known until too late
to prevent It. The convention was held
at r'oint Arena, Duncan's home, a point
so distant from the center of population
that but few delegates were present In
person. The opposition to the pledging of
the delegation to Senator Flint was not
personal. It was slmplx a protest to the
arrogant claim made that a man of Dun
can's character could control the party
in this county. In this little matter the
Duncan-Handy push was aided by G. A.
Sturtevant, who had prosecuted Duncan
when he was arraigned by- the court, and
who was perfectly familiar with Mr. Dun 7
can's standing as an official and a man.
Sturtevant had alao been tried on a fel
ony charge, but had been acquitted. His
case was brought before two separate
Grand Juries, but as Sturtevant was at
that time District Attorney, and thus had
the privilege of the Jury room. It was held
that no charge would He against him un
less preferred by the Attorney General.
This was never done. Sturtevant's term
was about to expire and he wished to se
cure a position In San Francisco. Duncan
wished to get a place for a brother In the
; office of the clerk of the Supreme Court.
It was for this that they were working.
T. L. Carothers was opposed to boss rule
In the county. He had been one of the
pioneers who had fought for the success
of the Republican party from the organi
zation of the county, and did not desire to
see It dominated by the disreputable ele
ment. He therefore succeeded in organia
Ing the County Central Committee ana
thus effectually knocked out the Duncan-
Handy push. Then it was that that ele
ment determined to avenge Itself. Dr.
King had been elected medical super
, lntendent through the assistance of Mr.
Carothers. who was at that time one of
the directors and chairman of the board.
He owed everything political to Carothers,
but he listened to the domineering voice
of his secretary and discharged M. M.
Carothera In order to avenge hjmself upon
the father of the deposed engineer.
This, in brief, is the tdstgry of thejaa*^
FIVE CHILDREN BURNED
IN AN ARIZONA FIRE
Little Ones Were Alone in the Housa
and It Was Impossible to
Rescue Them.
SOLOMONVILLE. Ariz.. June 23.— Last
night at 9 o'clock the residenc© of Mrs.
Collier was burned at Thatcher and five
small children were consumed in the
flames.
Mrs. Collier put her children to bed, and
leaving a lamp burning went to the hous©
of W. \V. Pace, near by, to assist in some
housework. When the alarm of fire was
given the building was completely envel
oped in flames, and no one could save the
children.
MISS SAGE WHTS.
Close of Goddess of Liberty Contest
in San Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June 23.— At 12 o'clock to
night the last vote was counted In th©
exciting contest for Goddess of Liberty.
Miss Harrietta Sage won the honor, her
vote being 53,046 to 30.925 votes for Miss
Sybil Morehouse and 1S.9S5 votes for Mrs.
Otto Zlegler.
A large crowd -collected in. the voting"
place and when the result was made
known three cheers were given for Miss
Sage, the goddess.
KOREAN REFUGEES TORTURED.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 23.— Th© steamer
Tartar brings Oriental advices stating
that trouble was caused between Japan
and Korea by the horrible torture and
murder of Korean refugees who were pro
teges of Japan and returned to Korea
with a promise of safe conduct.
Three hundred boats engaged In coast
fishing off the coast of Murotosaki were
lost at sea in a storm June 3.
Outing of Guardsmen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June 23.— Company D,
National Guard of California, went on an
outing this afternoon and will remain un
til to-morrow night. The company turned
out strong under Captain Cheda and all
were in hopes of a good time. The place
selected for the meeting is the Miller
Meadows, near Ignacio station. To-mor
row the boys will shoot bullseyes, eat
chickens, beans and other good things
which go to form Spanish meals. This is
only the first of a series of trips planned
by the company for the summer.
.
Lost His Arm.
SANTA CRUZ. June 23.— A 14-year-old
boy named Rose, who resides at Niles,
was dangerously wounded on the Cook
ranch, up the coast. He was with his
father In a buggy preparatory to going
hunting when he let his gun fall. The
hammer struck the iron rod on the foot
board and the weapon was discharged.
The charge entered the boy's left arm and
caused such a dangerous wound that am
putation was necessary.
pie will attend the Roosevelt Rough Rider
reunion here July 1, 2, 3 and 4. Governor
Roosevelt will make a speech on the 3d,
his first set speech since his Vice Presi
dential nomination. lie will then speak
in Missouri and Kansas.
Fitting Up the Canton Home.
CANTON. Ohio. June 23.— President Me-
Kinley's household goods have arrived
and his residence here will be- fitted up
at once. The bath tub presented him by
Pennsylvania workmen in ISM, but which
has never been used, has been placed in
the house. The residence has been paint
ed a dark color with light trirrtming*.
Florida Nominees.
JACKSONVILLE. Fla., June 23.— Th»
Democratic Convention in session here has
nominated the following State officers:
Francis B. Carter. Justice of the Supreme
Court; John L. Crawford. Secretary of
State; W. H. Reynolds, Comptroller; W.
H. Lamar, Attorney General.
The wheat crop in California in
1S9S, according to the figures of the
Produce Exchange, was 7,341,000
centals, or 367,000 tons, in round
numbers. This was the dry year.
The crop of 1S99 was about 1.003,500
tons. The crop of 1900 is variously
estimated at from 900,000 to 1,100,000
tons, the general opinion being
that It will fall slightly below the
drop of 1SD0. As it Is not yet har
vests, no figures can be given.
Vhe Northwestern failure will
hardly draw on California directly,
but by decreasing exports from
Atlantic ports to Europe It will of
course tend to increase the exports
from California. Wheat, .like wa
ter, seeks its level everywhere, and
if one country has not got it to sell
consumers must look for their sup
plies to that country which has.
Hence any material disaster to the
wheat crop anywhere Is felt all
over the world, as wheat Is a uni
versal proposition.
CHICAGO. June 23.— July wheat was
quoted at 66Vi cents on the Board of
Trade during the session of June 4. At
the close to-day the same option was
selling at 88 cents. This was 4% cents
above the closing price of yesterday. No
guch advance has been scored since the
attempted corner engineered by Joseph
Leiter.
Jn the advance of 21»£ cents during the
past nineteen days- there have been no
evidences of manipulation, contrary to
speculative proverbs that "the market
only advances on manipulations; its nat
ural course is downward." It has been
the most remarkable rise in the history of
the exchange.
"Pyramlders" have had everything
their own way because there has scarcely
been a setback since the market crossed
70c. No failures have resulted. There
was an extraordinary short interest at
the beginning of the advance, and this
was hastily covered. Foreigners had
headed against considerable cash stuff in
this market, but of course this entailed
no financial loss.
Stories of big winnings are thick about
the exchange, and no such wave of pros
perity has visited the commission men in
a decade.
Causes for this advance in the price of
the "staff of life" are found in the
parched spring wheat fields of the
great Northwest, where, authorities
declare, not one-third of the crop
of former years will be harvested.
A bumper winter crop has already
been assured, outside of the States
of Ohio. Indiana and Michigan. For the
satisfaction of those who may be in fear
of starvation it may be stated also that
the visible supply of wheat in the public
granaries of the United States exceeds
45,000,000 bushels. These are the grains of
comfort left to the bears, who also have
the assurance that every month in the
year records a wheat harvest In some
country of the globe.
But at present a sort of "bull fever" is
running high, and the Chicago wheat pit
is flooded by telegraphic orders from
every part of the world to ".buy, buy,
buy." ¦ ¦ _ :
Bt^rs Given a Twist.
NEW YORK. June 23.— Just to show
that they still had plenty of energy and
power left, bull operators in wheat gave
their opponents a twist to-day, exceeding
In rensational features anything yet pro
duced in the prestnt campaign. Taken
completely unawares, because of yester
dav's drop from top points, the bears were
panic-stricken this morning on finding
English cablos 2 1 i'fr3M»d higher and an ad
vance at Budapesth of 45 points since last
night. In large numbers they plunged
Into the market as the gong struck and
began a frantic and excited effort to re
place their sales. The result was an im
mediate lump to 90% for July, compared
with SSc last night. After a little hesita
tion, during which a lot of long wheat
came out, the screws were moved again
and July shot up to 93%c with hardly a
stop, representing a 5% rise for the day
ami about 22c in the last three weeks. This
means to the public a rise of $1 to $1 25 per
barrel In the price of flour. Toward 12
o'clock wheat suddenly declined again,
reaching 91?sC on the midday curb under
renewed heavy realizing.
WICHITA, fcans., June 23.— Kansas and
Oklahoma wheat growers are talking of
forming an organization by which they
may handle the large crops harvested and
get the highest possible price for their
output. . ¦
July Product Advances Nearly
Five Cents in a Day .and
Without Evidence of
Manipulation.
Sharp Rise in Prices Due to
Northwestern Crop
Failures.
BULLS ROUT
BEARS IN THE
WHEAT PIT
Expresses Confidence That Kentucky
and California Will Be Taken
Out of the Doubtful
PITTSBURG, June 23.— Senator Mark
Hanna was in the city for a short time
to-day en route from Philadelphia to
Cleveland and talked at length on the
plans of the campaign:
"I have been assailed on every hand by
the . question as to what States we will
win over from the Democrats," said the
Ohio Senator, "and we would like to tell
the newspapers and would like to have
them tell everybody in the country who
Is Interested in the campaign that the
grand old party this year will go after Us
opponents wherever they are found. No
stronger ticket was ever placed in the
field. I would not like to predict the ma
jority that will go to McKinley and Roose
velt, and I have not heard of General
Grosvencr having made any forecasts as
to the results of this campaign. However,
we will carry Kentucky, Goebel law or no
GoebeJ law. California will vindicate
Itself. Up in the Northwest the Repub
licans will have no difficulty in holding
sway. There ls no doubt as to the turn
things will take in the East."
Asked as to his opinion of the result of
the fight in Nebraska, the Senator replied:
"We will try hard to keep Bryan's State
In the righteous column, too."
Senator Hanna said that very little
would be done for several weeks. About
August 1 the issues of the campaign
would be clearly defined and the national
managers would then be ready to co-op
erate with the committees in the various
States.
"September 1 will see the red fire burn
ing and all the drums will be beating be
fore a fortnight later." was the Senator's
comment when questioned regarding the
time of the opening of the campaign.
Few Speeches by McKinley.
CLEVELAND, June 23.— Senator Hanna
arrived home at noon to-day from Phila
delphia. He was driven directly from the
station to his office in the Perry-Payne
building, where he spent a half hour look
ing over his mail and attending to busi
ness affairs. Mr. Hanna said he was well
pleased with the ticket nominated at
Philadelphia and predicted the election of
McKinley and Roosevelt by an over
whelming majority. He denied emphati
cally that he had been compelled to make
terms with Messrs. Platt »nd Quay, and
added that if there had been any fight
won it resulted in his favor. He felt san
guine, he said, that New York would be
carried by the Republicans in the coming
Presidential election. He said that Presi
dent McKinley would make no speeches
during the campaign, except perhaps a
few brief talks to visiting delegations at
his home in Canton, where the chief ex
ecutive would spend his vacation. Gover
nor Roosevelt, the Senator said, would
probably take the stump during the cam
paign and deliver a number of speeches.
Mr. Hanna said he expected to remain
in Cleveland for about a month. He had
not decided as yet whether the meeting
of the National Executive Committee
would be held in Cleveland or New York.
Colonel Bryan's Views.
MILWAUKEE, WISl, June 23.— Colonel
William J. Bryan, while en route to Chi
cago from his outing trip in Wisconsin,
said to-day that all stories to the effect
that there had been any differences be
tween himself and Chairman Jones of the
Democratic National Committee were ab
solutely without foundation. Asked his
opinion of the Philadelphia platform.
Colonel Rryan said:
"The Philadelphia platform is the best
evidence thus far given of the deception
attempted by the Republican party. Taken
in connection with the speeches made at
the convention, it shows that the Repub
lican party's platform of 1S95 was a delib
erate fraud as far as the promises of in
ternational bimetallism were concerned;
that the party's attitude on the trust ques
tion is insincere, and that the party is not
willing to state its attitude on the Philip
pine qusetion and invite the judgment of
the people. Nothing was more manifest
in the convention than the military spirit,
and yet the convention did not dare in
dorse the demand'of the President in 1833
for a standing army of 100,000 men."
Colorado Invites Roosevelt.
CHICAGO. June 23.— The Colorado dele
gation to the Republican National Con
vention, which arrived from Philadelphia
this mornljig, sent a telegram to Governor
Roosevelt inviting him to visit Colorado
on his "Western Oklahoma trip in July, or
other date to suit his convenience, and
adding:
"We, promise you the largest and most
enthusiastic reception on behalf of the
people of our State ever held In the
Rocky Mountain region. In the interest
of Republican success in the Great West
we urge upon you the importance of your
acceptance."
Hill for Vice President
FRANKFORT. Ky.. June 23.— David B.
Hill ls believed here to be the choice for
Vice President of a majority of delegates
from this State to the Democratic Na
tional Convention. Insurance Commis
sioner John C. Chenault, who will go to
Kansas City with the proxy of Judpe "W.
S. Pryor as a delegate from the State at
large, said to-day:
"I am for Hill, and although there has
been no conference of the Kentucky dele
gates, I have little doubt that he will re
ceive Kentucky's vote. A canvass of the
State officials and political leaders at the
State capital shows a decided preference
for Hill for second place."
Roosevelt in Seclusion.
NEW YORK, June 23.— Governor Roose
velt Is keeping himself secluded In hl3
home at Core Neck, near Oyster Bay,
L. I. He refused to see callers to-day.
He is overwhelmed with telegrams con
gratulating him on his nomination to the
Vice Presidency. All persons whp wish
to see him during the next few days will
have to make appointments In advance.
Hough Rider ' Reunion.
OKLAHOMA CITY, O. T., June 23.— It
Is estimated that a hundred thousand peo-
Chairman Hanria Says
Little Will Be Done in
the interim.
CAMPAIGN TO
OPEN ON FIRST
OF SEPTEMBER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 1900.
Will Be Pleased to See You.
To-morrow ¦will bo the last of the 50c
sale of shoes. All will go. Be sure to at
tend. Ladies', misses' and 'children's Bhoes
and ties will be sold for only 60c a pair at
the Bee Hive Shoe Company, 717 Market
street, near Third. ¦ •
16
| Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt, f|l 1
? Curative electricity is a mighty factor in the treat- >^|| s^||*^n wm
5 ment of disease. I've made this sublime agent niy study >*///^ /v^ ll$
2 during twenty years' practice, and my body battery is now 1m
2 the grandest means of applying the current to suffering man v \/k V^ tb ' /wlfli HI
t I mxTTo tiTTT t r«TTnn I u6 - w oman. It restores the vital M
2 THIS WILL CURE organs! Circulates the blood! In-
5 . Your Pain, Your Weakness. vigorates the system! It is the best —
$ I — electric belt made. It has a perfect H
$ regulator, no burning disks, and is the greatest blessing in the '<^V^^^n^\^^ IB
o medical world. Look to your weakness. Aim to live well, to xjj*HY\
5 work well. These are the avenues of long life You -want />^» /jIllY I4 fiSk J
$ nerve power, muscle stamina, bounding blood, action of the V™ / W^\ tr^m
0 kidneys and stomach. These make a vigorous mind and body. | QlmB
o Men, use my DR McLAUGHLIN ELECTRIC BELT and you'll get strength and reliance +<
9 to look out upon the world with beaming confidence. This is no idle boast. My famous <
6 s — _ — , — «. belt has worked such results in thousands of c
-*- "Tour Belt has done me a •world of good." rt Qe ,»_ Pnll ,,^.^_ -, n ;"wuoauua ui *
5 A. C. HINTER3. 2139 Center *t.. Lo« Angeles. CSSeS. bail UpOJl me Or Send fOF ITl V fppp hnnlr t
X "Tour Belt Is worth double Its cost to me." W.M. WALSH. Forbeatown. CaL - _ ' o^uu iui U iy irge DOOK. «
O "It haa cured me entirely." O. H. BOUSIE.. Surf. Santa Barbara Co. I J 13 A/I A 11^ _ I A I T/^J |j I I %t e
¦•*\ "It has cured all my paino." - H. H. HULL, 805 E. Clay Bt.. Stockton. *-* IX • Ifl. t\ • IflC L/\ KJ VJ 11 \* I l\ h
O "My present health "and strength are due to your Belt." i ¦'-,'-¦ -:.--\_ n M ir..V.i Ct n. tr n t, . - „ * * t
¥ -. . . • willke. 853* Foisom .t.. . s. f. 702 Market Si, Cor. Kearny, S. F., and for. Spricg and Second Sts., Los Angeles. S
One of the earliest coins known it a
didrachm of Aegina. coined in 700 B. C. It
ls worth in money value 30 cents, but sell?
to collectors for S7.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS
We have for sale, cheap, a complete Bltunrfn.
ous Rock Paving Plant and larsre Steam Roller.
Hor»« and Truck, and all Tools necessary to a
complete paving plant. Will sell ln whole or In
part. For prices apply to
PACIFIC PAVING CO..
Room US. Phelan building.
Little-at-the-Time Payments.
A Stitch ln Time Eaves Nine.
PROSPECTIVE FURNITURE
AND CARPET
Buyers will do well to Inspect oar
terms and sricea before purchasing tin
where.
Every rtep a money saver.
Call and examine our tarza and •!••
rant stock.
Estimates en complete, house fnrnlmh-
lac cheerfully riven.
Free Delivery Within 100 Ulleau
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. Near Pow*n.
CELEBRATE
THE
BOB H IB OS B D
WITH
Fireworks.
BUY" D/ftECT PROM T»JE
MAKERS,
CALIFORNIA- FIREWORKS GO.
2/9 FJTOWT STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
DRV GOODS COMPANY.
Seasonable and Desirable Materials
CLEARANCE PRICES I
WOOl EtamineS, Regular price $1.50 yard, to char 50C Ycird
Figured Crepons, R^r p r|ce $2y<uo dear $1 00 Yard
GRENADINES.
The remainder of our stock of FINE INPORTED SILK GRENADINES
to be cleared out at GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
REMNANTS! REMNANTS!
An accumulation of this season's goods in a I lengths, from 1£ yards to
full dress patterns, WILL BE SACRIFICED.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED,
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and StocVton Street;?, San Francs isco.
UNION SQUARE.
I RIBBON SALE gSKfci,*. * ENORMOUS SHIRT WAIST SALE. |
? There have been many sales of ribboi.s of more or f\Ctr* lr !£t e ££ of AQr U . 4P st ?l!i d * O i f «« &
-& less magnitude, but to-morrow starts the createst ¦¦ V>«^ $1.25. f-» S^^ $ 1 .75. and $ 1 .50. *^
*^ them all. It involves a gathering of over 6C00 pieces Here is news of Shirt Waists that should interest £Xm.
£ of high-class Novelty and TafTctn Ribbons that we every woman in this city. These low prices are pos-
2* have closed out from ¦ the largest Eastern Ribbon sible because we purchased 400 dczen choice waisis, a *y
.&. Manufacturers, at a saving of £»O per cent manufacturer's surplus stock, for less than the cost of
£ EVERT FiECE is absolutely without a flaw, and of the the material. Not cheaply made waists, neither bad pat- :*
very first quality, and that you will fully appreciate terns, nor old styles. All are fresh and new, of excel- tT
Sj when you ree them. Here are some of the details: lent fabrics, in pretty patterns, in the latest fashion. A
•- f\n EACH- ISO <1oz<m Waists, made of the b»st quality P*r- ,-*
| i" YAR13— "i.'.ono yarfl* all rWk. superior quality TafTota Lyn rnle, in pretty stripos of Uue, p'.nk, lavender and black, ty
* IHp M'Mre ttlbtxm. 3^4 inrhes wlJe, In ev^rj" new shade kjiJIi full front with r.eat plait?, laundered collar and culls; .y
»» It/U F * low n tW» yeasnn. including- plenty of :.vhit*3. cronms. wv value jl 25. . t^
«- tM« ™-,^ IuCS and p!ak^; 25c per yard is the Ftanrtard price of EACH— 150 dozen Waists, made of ihe finest prade &
«"F n <3 u a-">- XmP French IVrcale. in the rhnicest ¦ designs and colorings. *y-
I" ¦_ „ ._,„ „,__ „ ,,, ... , _..,_ UtJu f"H front and r>r.ck. with clusters of small plaits, excel- .«
•$* Cn ,I^ RD T S i? >-a^s *U OOt, hU* novelty fancy Ribbons. «WU , - fa n - 0 anfl $1 - 5 A
T? Inn in cxqulf.te colorings, 34 inches wide: sold regularly .. ' „., , T • ,„ , . , „ , . ... "• ,
«-. IJlj at 55c ard 20c a yard f\(\ EACH— If"! dozen White Lawn Waists, full front with m»
¦***• " 'J \Jk n clusters of fine- plaits and embroidery insortlon, back ¦ry
T* _ •*-,,-,»-. .« r™ > .. ... ._. «. . «.- . »,,. i lt|j!| made with plaits from neck to waist, laundered collar .—
.fj rtft. TARr>-12.r»Tn yard? all Fllk. hitrh c!a?s Novelty Ribbons, WVU erott vilue- worth tl L0 *?•
7? /I IP ftiP'rb styles, in the latest rprinp and summer coloring. and cuffs - ercat ™ lue> worttl n & " - **.
£t. LXJU * 'n<*7_ v^e: rtr-bon* in this collection are worth from r VOCnTinfc! A I nOTOP PPmP WAIIirp *2»
|? ee t o tic a vard. EXCEPTION AL DRtSS GOODS VALUES. *[
•^ Rl AntC VFIVFT RIRRPNs Select either one of these TWO ITKMS nnd you will K «t *T
jg, ULnUft ILLILI IIIUUUI! h OHIIIl UHUlVi fabrics of unquestioned excellence at almost half price.
*"* Jast TS Bores of thef=e jvnr«l«r Ribbon?, the very best grade, I i""V T l T 1 Novelty Suit Patterns, this season's stj-les in *•
are ta Iw. offered nt Fr-»c!al prices during this sale. _ L*KJ 1 !• beautiful dark effects of Mataiesse Suitings. •S^*
t » o o vinn vn " < r\ \-iur* I HT O English Diagonal Whip Cord, warranted all aj
,& NO. 3. Q c TAim NO. ,». IQf» JARD. l*\J 1 Z, wnpl <s Inches w1rte ln 18 o£ the best street &
«- aK^ Worth 15c. IOW Worth 20e. colcrtiw: both lines on special sale. |2
3+ NO. 7. 1fZs~ YARD. «CQ 7B; A SUIT. *5T
i; IOC Worth 25c. 4- «J>O» C O Regular value 9<i.
| hos!E™6ain. I PHENOMENAL FOULARD SILK OFFERING. I fOB^Ss^lia f
t !9c a Pair 59c FOR $1.00 SILKS. p HEVI0T . 4
Sj. FCf th 1 B s St 25C e intend to make the last week in June a week of start- unCllUli-
? fHMr n( ,V*U n ,.» ling SUk-sellmg. The EXCEPTIONAL PRICE-CUTTING will undoubtedly p nr Mnnrfav flnhi Hf
**> iniluren S HrS?. bring here hundreds of shrewdest silk buyers. We have selected ror MCna3 J uni I' *J>
t nl^ l k r er a d re T t -.n f> SSTs /S season ' s **&*? finished, most fashionable styles, in lengths Extra hPavv> aI1 wool £»
to ? An exceptional from IO to 15 yard?, designs and colorings unsurpassed. Foulards Black Cheviot, C2 inches /?
*r Quality of fine cot- that right along have commanded ?i.oo a yard, and marked them rnd'^hrunl?*' a^cSd* 2C
•^ ¦S5tortSei/ < iS' x^t. ' at a^ost one-half price. This means extraordinary values for eco- wearing quality. Spe-
£4 o'n sale for Monday, nomical shoppers, who also look for exclusiveness of styles. claI> • •£?»
I I9e a PUT. I , " FCUL " RDS f0R 59b rtm - 88c a Yard. I
I GREAT WASH GOODS OFFERINGS. * AN IMMENSE SALE OF NECKWEAR, f
£i We mean to double last week's phenomena/ busi- A manufacturer's sample line of over 300 pieces,
*^ ness. We are going to do it by offering you for this exquisite styles, comprising the latest creations in ?
$* week the choicest and prettiest wash fabrics at match- Wash and Silk Neckwear in Stock Collars, Jabots, tj*
£\ less prices: Fichus. Scarfs. Lace Collars, Pique puffs, etc.
& Cotton Foulards We Yard. ™- EVERY PIEGE WILL BE S0LD AT JUST ONE-HALF PRICE, J
*: I>r*-s* Material in choice designs and colors of Navy, New liiue, W? '"'ash Handkerchiefs Col- j $1 <6 Ptock Collars and Jabots ;£
¦S* Puri.l-, Crayand H«l; repilar value :i>c yard. ' ar ,f. for ¦¦• 1.»c for }>Sc iZ»
*^ 38c Wash Pirjue Puffs for..1!»c $1 IS Fancy fillk Jabots for.r.Oo
S* Lace Dress Grenadine 9c Yard. This rffPr alon< * Fnould J1 3S wash Reveres f-> r ....o9e j ssc Lace tios and Barbs for.. &L
•^ tutc uu " *" «*"«*« "» I"' crovni the department. $1 t'S Silk Fronts for l»Sc ! 49c "
+\ The <Ja!nt!p?t ar.d rattiest summer material imaginable; never $2 W Silk Fichus for $I.J!> /*
•f* •.Hd «nd«- ;.«r a yard: in iIipsa sha.les— Pink. Kipht Hlue. Laven- • iprn ii i r\IC0Q lyn VflimiPO
JL <Jrr. VeUow. Carinal and Islack. LAbtO, ALL-JVfcSS ANO YUlUNuS.
Imported Madras 10c YaH ""l" FeP!ns ¦ low P^e fnr Continuation of the Extraordinary Lace and Embroidery Sale.
I* *J!Li<i£^?ttS&^w^ FRENCH VALENCIENNES ALL-OVER LJCES *
fc crinsr*: all to be sold at l«c yard: worth 10c. , tnr _ . !/* /*
V tYhfte PmuG 13c Yard w * hav * 13 r 1^" «•« f ™« i"t LftCES innoL mit vpn", c i n n , y> r> ?7 a T **
h ! * r* t ZLr\^ aT,^ 1 f " r \ ne - TheSP « n ™* n ** «« insert °n.. the Pari,! *S$&K8ffi8rf &
*. the 2-c riqu^; th* romalnd-r to fro at 13c a yard. -daintiest patterns, at special iWutiful effects in cluster IZ
§* White Oraandf 32C Yard. Thls cne ls C5 inches wi<1 * and prices bv the dozen yards, l.-ir. Tucklntss and tuckpd and I.ace *£•
jv wn/iB wfyunu; u*u , ui u. a t>e , ter onp cannot be nad un Sr.e. .'{Oc. 50c to *1 .<M> Insertion All Overs Special
2^ Apt We. Our special price this week. ZZc yard. "T piece. <»<(e, Too, Jjll.00 yard. ' $? m
& 4. COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. 4.
SPECIAL GRASS LINEN
% NOTION SAYINGS. jf&^® A j^^ *50* *^A PETTfCOATS %r
' '" ll- '¦'¦¦'•'- n 'i^5-r*^re'i^^ l' lr " Linen, with' a "*
*i Horn 1}^nes. all sites. '^lu?, T>*\ 7" i i, *| "* '*' ' A ' *^ deep accordion-plait-
£ ed flounce.
*-T" i>^ *T^ *-T- -v* ¦§¦ *-T* 4^ 4^ *T^ v*
[ i " r -' ;l ' --¦-¦¦---.'-¦>>¦ \^m\Mjtj?7Snsrikft\iniy^^t
| Prices,
] Don't Judge t v c quality of H
i our drugs by cu • j. rices. ||
r Many good reasons why gj
I we sell much lower than |
II som? people ore used to H
I paying. U
[» We sell the best, for that l|
M is the kind every o >c wants. H
[ LOTS OF SALES. SMALL PROFITS. 1
fl Plnkham'B Compound TSe h
jj PJerc*'« Prworlptlon T5c U
II Tierce's Discovery 75c f
•I Carter** Liver P11U 16c I
It Hood's SarFaparllla. 70c H
[1 Pond'e Kxtract 4Oc Bl
I £yrup ot Fig* Me p
V s^^mm Cartorla 23c h
I'. I^'W Ar.lta Crrarn -*<»<• H
IS *?f??£*i Mentholj-pttne ....»<?« H
I *8i?THE OWL DRUG CO. I
') M/IqW Cut-Rate Drutfrl!!t». M
H 4cs£UV* " 2 ® MARKET ST., M
P J *T&£ Tenth and Broadway, §9DOVER, Del.. June 23.— The Port Clar
ence, Cape Nome and Norton Bay Rail
road Company, of New York, to construct
and operate railroads In Alaska, was in
corporated here to-day. Capital, $1,000,000.
New Alaskan, Bail way Company.
SARATOGA, N. Y., June 23.-Tho third
and concluding day of the thirty-third
annual convention of the American Mas
ter Mechanics' Association was occupied
with discussion on "Power Transmission
by Shafting vs. Electricity," ."The Best
Type of. Stationary Boiler for Shop Pur
poses" vand topical- subjects. G. \V.
Rhodes of Lincoln. Nebr., discussed "How
to Make Pooling of Locomotives a Suc
cess." The reports of committees on res
olutions and correspondence and the eleo.
tion of- officers followed. Though the se
lection will not be announced until next
winter, it is said the Master Car Build
ers and Master Mechanics will meet In
Saratoga In 1901. ,
Master Mechanics' Proceedings.
Postoffiee established: Greenview, Siskl
you County; Hojier S. Dyer, Postmaster.
Postofilce discontinued June 30: Water
town, Fresno County; mall to Lemoore.
Postmaster commissioned: "William W.
Walte, West Branch.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— William N. Line,
Santa Cruz. $?; Frank W. Van Osdel,
Belma, $G: Truman Ackerman, Bowman,
J12: Lorenzo Taylor, Los Angeles. $6; Wil
liam Owen, Atwater, $8. Increase— John
Myhan. Veterans' Home, $12; Sam B. P.
Crandall. East Oakland, $12; Nicholas
"VVydes, Alhambra. $10. Widows — Isabella
Laird. San Francisco, $8; Mary H. Flske,
Glendale. $8.
Oregon: Original— John J. Waggoner,
Albany, fS. Increase— Owen Ohl, Salem.
?10: John H. Swift.. Baker City, J50. Wid
ows—Minor of George "W. Rogers, New
burg, $10; Emma Lyons, Lyons, $6.
Washington: Additional— James O'Neill,
Lynden, $3.
WASHINGTON, June 23.— Acting Assist
ant Surgeon Charles Anderson has been
transferred from Santa Barbara to Fort
lirown, Texas. A civil service examina
tion to fill the position of clerk in the
subsistence department at San Francisco
will be held in that city on August 14.
Fred R. Michael or San Francisco,
Charles "W. Herrick of Riverside, Thomas
T. Glover of Benicia, Camille D. Lowe of
Crockett and John F. Maloney of Ala
meda have been appointed railway mall
clerks.
Mail Clerks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Five Calif ornians Appointed Hallway
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
American ice stock, but said it was
bought before the company became the
trust, and would not say if he were now
a stockholder. Ab to the request made to
Governor Roosevelt to remove Mayor Van
Wyck for his ownership of ice stocks, Mr.
Croker said: .
"The Governor has the power to do so
If -the Mayor is guilty, but all men must
be considered innocent until they are con
victed of wrong-doing.
"What would you consider as guilt?" he
was asked.
"Well, in case the Mayor used his office
to get possession of the shares of stock
or to Increase the price of ice, that would
be, if proved, causa for his removal," was
the reply.
Mr. Croker said that with Roosovelt as
McKlnley's running-mate we should have
"San Juan Hill all over again." He said
that he was going to Kansas City and
that he had to thank the New York news.
f>apers for making him a delegate. . It
ooked, he said, as if Bryan would be the
Democratic nominee for the Presidency.
Mr. Croker was asked whether he
thought Controller Coler would make a
good Vice Presidential candidate or a
stronger candidate for Governor, but . he
eald he could not answer that.
Mr. Croker said that In their trust plank
NEW YORK, June 23.-RIchard Croker
arrived from England to-day on board the
Cunard line steamer Lucania. He says
that he is ready to take a very active part
in the coming national campaign. Mr.
Croker acknowledged having owned
Denies the Bight of Governor Roose
velt to Remove Mayor Van Wyck
on the Evidence So Far
Produced.
Declines to Say Whether
He Owns Stock in the
Ice Trust.
CHOKER BACK
TO ASSIST IN
THE CAMPAIGN
the Republicans were simply straddling
the matter.
"Th-y cannot take that plank away
from the Democrats," he said.
Special DiFpatch to The Call. '
WOODLAND, June 23.— Guinda. in Ca
pay Valley, and Knights Landing, on the
Sacramento River, are the only two points
In Yolo County at which there will be a
Fourth of July celebration.
Celebrations in Yolo.
accomodate the dancers. A brass band
has been engaged for the occasion. Tho
Tomales baseball team has undertaken
the management of the affair and nothing
will be left undone to rnake the occasion
a success. The oration will be delivered
bv James W. Keys. F. F. Plank
will be the poet and F. Wright will read
the Declaration of Independence.
SAN RAFAEL. June 23.— The citizens of
Tomales and the northern part of this
county are making great preparations to
celebrate the coming Fourth of July in a
i< lining manner.
The celebration is to be held at Dilllns
FJeach, where there la a large pavilion to
Baseball Nine.
Sr»ri&l Dispatch to The Call.
FOTJBTH IN MABIN.
Preparations Being Made by Tomales
paved hie life. The only injuries he sus
f-r it* Au«e the old story of a prolonged
debauch the squandering of his sayings
andth?^su1ng Q misery. questioned
have struck his head first then ai his
trouble would have been over. He stated
that h* wa<, a tinsmith by trade that
he was thirty-nine jrars old and was
born is Visalia. He has a brother. Kd
wftrd Travis, who Is a carpenter, resid
ing in Oakland. Further than this he re
fU He d told 1 Marshal Healy that once be
fore he had tried to leat his brains out
against a wall and that It will be neces
sary for him to kill himself, as life is not
worth living He had a razor in his
pocket and when asked why he did not
use it said it was not sharp enough. He
"afd that the way Dan Slinkey of Sau
salito went into the bay a week ago last
Saturday made him eick of the drowning
a °It Is believed by the authorities here
that Travis is the man who has been
haneing around the tunnels on the Reed
ranch and at Corte Madera. There was
a man there who would step in front of
a train and as the enpeine approached he
would get off the track. If it was Travis
they believe that he was working his
courage up to plunge beneath the wheels.
"What strengthens the belief is that when
asked where he got his food he said that
he had been around the tunnel and that
when hungry he would go to the campers
In th.e gulches and get what he wanted.
James W. Travis Deliberately At
tempts to End His Life Near
Tamalpais Station.
Eperia] DtaMteh to The Call.
SAIC RAFAEL. June 23.— James W.
Travis deliberately threw himself between
the wheels of the 11 o'clock up-coming
train from Saupalito at Tamalpais station
to-<3ay. He was picked up and brought to
Ean Rafael. That he was not ground to
pk-cos is little short of a miracle. He was
ttruck by the trucks of the car before his
body reached the rails, and this is what
LIFE HAS NO MORE
CHARM FOR HIM
SAN RAFAEL, June 23.-A Chinaman
•was given Into the custody of Constable
Agnew last night by the broad guase
trainmen. He was demented and had
been riding back and forth all day on the
local trains. He uaa placed In Jail and
this morning a friend of his called and
asked to see him. Thinking that the pris
oner was harmless, his friend waa admit
ted to the ceil and no more was thought
ai.out it until cries for help came from
the insane man's friend, who was being
murdered. When the ceU was opened It
was found that the demented Mongolian.
¦who 15 larpe and powerful, had his arms
locked around his friend'* neck and was
using ail his power to strangle him.
It required four men to take him from
his Intended victim. /»ftr-r his friend got
outside the jail and had somewhat recov
ered hJs composure he said. "Me no talkee
him in jail, me talkee him allee slamo tele
phone."
Krorn a paper found on him when ar
rested it appear* that the insane roan Is
a r.ative ot this State and that his name
Is Charley Jon. It is urvi^rstood that some
cf his frlrr.dB in San Francisco will come
over and take him away. None of the
Chinamen here are acquainted with him.
His Cell.
Attempted to Strangle a Fellow-Coun
tryman WIlo Ventured Into
ALMOST KILLED BY AN
• INSANE CHINAMAN
The convention decided that all mem •
l>ers present shall • be considered as dele-
A homeopathic physician li'one who adds to
his general knowledge of medicine a special
knowledge of homeopathic therapeutics and
observes the law ot elmllla. All that pertains
to medicines is his by tradition, by inheritance
and by right.
"WASHINGTON. June 23.— The final ses
sion of the American Institute of Home
opathy was held to-day. The committee
on medical legislation presented a report
showing the number of new books on
homeopathy and that ten million pages of
homeopathic periodical literature had been
published last year. The matter of the
modification of the definition of a home
opathic physician, as determined upon last
year, was taken up and the following sub
stitute adopted:
WORK OF HOMEOPATHISTS.
"Physician" Adopted.
Substitute Definition of the Word
gates of the institute to the international
Homeopathic congress to be held in Paris
next month.
AEMY WORM APPEABS.
Farms Laid Waste Along the Mis-
souri in South Dakota.
TANGTON, 8. D.. June 23.— The dread
army worm has appeared on the Mis
souri sand bars along the river front in
this city in Guch numbers as to cause se
rious alarm. Twenty or thirty acres ot
willows have been swept bare and th«
worms are moving eastward. They in
vaded J. C. Schott's farm and house and
drove the family out. He lost his gar
den and part of his cropa. The worm*
are from two to three inches long and
they kill all vegetation as they move.
along.
Hop-Growers Organize.
SANTA ROSA, June 23. — A meeting: ot
hopgrowers was held hero this afternoon.
A permanent organization waa effected
and an association similar to those lr
Sacramento and Mendiclno counties was
formed. A. B. Henckley waa elected
president and a board of directors
named. On July 5 and 6 a State conven
tion of hopgrowers will be held In this
city, at which time plans will be dla
cussed and* a form of contract drawn
Delegates will attend the Convention
from Sonoma. Sacramento, Mendoclno
and Lake counties. It Is expected then
to effect a State organization.
Crushed Between Cars.
SANTA ROSA. June 23.— Conductor Her
man Fritz on the Guernevill© branch of
the California North-western Railway was
crushed between cars at the Fulton depot
this morning and seriously hurt. He was
coupling cars at the time. He was brought
to this city and is lying m a critical condi
tion at his home. ' .
Eemey Asks for More Officers
WASHINGTON. June 23.— Admiral
Remey, at Cavite, has cabled the Navy
LVpartment an urgent request for more
officers. He wants three commanders,
tour lieutenant commanders, ten lieuten
a.nt&, twenty cadets and a fleet paymaster.
No Ncvs of Peace Meeting
« AijHi^UT^JN. June ZZ.— Perhaps be
cause he was not himself prepared to
rocke any recommendation upon them,
CJtneral MacArthur did not transmit to
the War Department the results of the
meeting of the Filipinos at Manila yes
terday, at which they drew up the terms
of the settlement of the differences be
tween the leaders of the insurrection and
the L'nited States Government. The pen
eral impression is that General Mac-
Arthur will let the Philippine Commis
eion deal with such matters.
MACARTHUR.
Small Force Wa!ks Into a Filipino
Trap -nd Is Subjected to a Gall
ing Fire in Front and on
Its Flanks.
MANILA. June 23.— A detachment of
100 men of the Fortieth Kegimont. Cap
tain Thomas Miller commanding:, left Ca
eayan de Mis-amis, island of Mindanao,
scouting, on June 13. During the morning
cf June n they encountered a strorsply
ambushed and intrenched force of the
enemy. The Americans' attempts to
charge wero frustrated by the Filipinos 1
piilaJls and traps. The advance line eon
teyuently was under a heavy lire in front
and en its flanks and fell back on Capay
a.n. The American lo»s was nine men
killed and two oilicera and tea men
wounded.
Report* have reached Manila of troub'es
In the Island of Hamar. whence reinforce
trifnts—a battalion of the Twenty-ninth
Itegitnent and a battery of artillery— were
citpatcbed to-day.
1; is believed in army circlrs at Zam
boar.Ra that the Pettit court-martial will
report for the colonel's acquittal.
"i he Vnited Etates cruiser New Orleans
ria? called from here, and it is supposed
ene is on her way to China. It is expected
that the armored cruiper Iirooklyn will
proceed to China shortly.
¦WASHINGTON. June "23.— The War De
partment has received the following cable
gram from General MacArthur:
— ANLLA. Jane a.— Adjutant GonPral. Wash-
Ingtm: A of four of floors and 100
men of the Fortieth Volur.tw Infantry, cap
tain Miller commanding, left t'nssyan on June
1 on a n»<v>:ir)'!l5*ante up th» Cxfrayan River.
Tl:i* rncrning they were ambushfj by insur
gents In a strong ix)s!tlon. Fifty men were
*er.t to KinfoTCC them from Cagayan. They
couli cot take the portion and Uie tnx^ps with
drew to the coaet port.
Our !O9« In killed: Company H— Hob-rt II.
Co!e«. Jcha Haywood. Fre.i Hclloway. John T.
I'elham. Frank Sallfbury; Company XI— Cor-
I>oral Jesse O. Mixxiy. Michael J. MoQuirk.
bounded: Cimpar.y I— Captain Walter n.
Elliott. 6!!jrht; Company H — Cai tain Thomas
Millt-r. tn thigh, flight; Jeff Etflg. moderate;
J*nies W. Jeffries, Blight: R^xie Wheat on.
tpoderate: George Hollartf. Flight; Murley Hil
'!"¦ severe; Jchn W. se^-ere; Company
M— Edwin E. ¦Williams, severe; Company K—
George W. Wells, severe; Lex M. Kamtcrs.
rood <• rate.
llii'slnf : Company H— Sergeant Wtlllara M.
NertbcroEa. «
Full detailed rerjert net yet received.
Nine Men of the Fortieth
Killed and a Number
Wounded.
DETACHMENT
OF AMERICANS
IN AN AMBUSH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 1900.
17
>oeo9o«ooo«ooee^«oa«««e«oo«e«e9O6e®9oecoe««e«ttoeeoosoo«oo««e9doO9«(
I I'W^J t Is now known and used throughout the world. It gives just the right
I i?3ng -^C "'iy^iW 4*~* amount of Electricity at tlse proper time. You place the DR. SAXDEN"
i /i^^f*^?^ $flV$^''^ ELECTRIC BELT comfortably around your waist, wearing it night3
> /^-^M^f^^^'^f'ji^^^^M *. for two months. It cures while you sleep. The current flows directly
X 0- fiffiic'?**^*^' ''*$*H%Vf$ii^W& through the weakened parts. You feel bright and strong and full of
I SUSPENSORY ATTACHMENT.
\ i^^ffm^^^^^ : 9W^ The ncw sus P ens0I T attachment to the DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC
» rJS JwM^r BELT acts directly upon the prostate gland, bladder, spermatic cord.
» vffir&Zs tsKsMm&mZ _?? etc., increasing the flow of blood, and toning up all nerves and muscles
) TBADB MAEK. which control the surrounding parts. Over 8ooo were cured in i8gg.
I . another wonderful cure. There's no belt in the world equal to the Sanden. Besides our own 'ex-
I Lo« An B ei*« Co-.^aU^ elusive patents, it embodies all features worth the having which are
t DR. A. T. SANDEN: The No. 5 belt' I found in any Electro-therapeutic appliance. Write to-day for my little
I purchased from you has proved better than descriptive book, sent sealed, free, or drop in and consult me at my office.
r?^i^5^»%.V^^^ where you can see Belt and test current. No charge for consultation.
I on my lams back; the p»«n* «Ji left m» after Office hours: Daily, g to 6: Sundays, io to I.
> ?neTf jwX°ranc« I 8 rAi!ey n c 0 o t st ) ten 7l t?m« S o large a percentage of cures have been effected by the Dr. SAN-
) the price. I am well known here and hav« DEN ELECTRIC BELT that I am now willing to send any of my high-
) recommended the belt to friends, who have _-r nnwer annlianr^« to anv address* for ONF-TT'VI F f\^H the hai
» purchased and have obtained good results. csl P ow V «PP»ances to any auurcsss lor U.ME n.-\J^r tne Dai-
f Your« very truly, byron j. LT8TER. ance to be paid only when the patient admits a cure has been made
I DR. T.A.SANDEN, Cor. Market, Grant and O'Farrell Sfs., San Francisco, Cal.
THE EMPOKITJM. \ THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. J THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
£ . There is 110 money earned so easily as the money saved on purchases. Read our daily "Ads " this week— they may be of interest to you. ' ?5
J» _^ -u^, A j0R BB na pg tr ,„ Cabinet S
I Displays, Firecrackers, Torpedoes* \&sdr 3«
* mU^mW' ffi*L Rickets' B'untini etc etofetc" A remarkable offering for Monday. Our New York buyer has made another great 5
g * Pl^^j^!j/-^% j!<:^?ter-- The largest retail stock in the'state .t lower prices than ever purchase of fine Silks from one of the most prominent manufacturers in the |
§ h "nS^*^S^iSlS!lf \ x 'fM& •* -&&UKtK before. Complete assortments for home displays convenient- world— beautiful silks, the styles ana colorings of which are all this season's. Among them will be %
*£ *$ (W0^%^}f^f'\\ % !'/^^'^^^^J^^k^ ly packed in case', a speciaty with the big store. These found many of the new pastel shadings — among the many styles are Piisse3, Lace Stripes Persian fi
J. -Jjl \^^mM)^^^^^W^n • & * 50Tt ™£ s «info*/S»s of iny Stri P es and Jacquard Figured Stripes, Fancy Peau de Soie and Printed Warp and Pomoadonr 5
g V aosar&!on W a°f n ?%° ™%!™™*i° Gan effects-there are also a few piain Black Silks-thess Silk, are regularly worth $1.25, 5
| ,fe^P^^m^^m^-i^^m^ hZ?Zrnk°dJd by EXPRESS or fREiGHT $1.5O, $1.75, $2.OO, $2.25 and $2.5O per yard and ***. S
£ •- - s^^3 ; 5^^^a|m v \^^ '^ If n?f only. Wo do not send fireworksG.QiD* w jjj m ake exquisite waists or costumes for both street and evening wear— on J|wi? jSdf /?!& '*
£ •-;'.:-:- ; v'.^ :^^$^ vsik Fireorackersm special sale Monday— per yard fiCS) &JB7 '?
w _~f— f^L^/f/ f Ij-t^ x-ztSs^SC* Prices subject to market changes. sales Tawes-Mam Auie. *<«
I> ¦— T \^y A//- y.^^-^W V\ -mik PackB. P^«- ' — ¦ — ' ¦ 5
a>. -It- ; _- fcjyZ'cF; -.'\i X ;. g^A l\-****J9 Gold Chops Crackers. ...2 for 6o Tounp America Crackers l»o < X
J^Mfc r F :r^;:S K §MSli Special Sale $12.50 Tailor \
£ ~;/ "J/ 1 *"- " --_¦ V «/ Pirto! Crackers (larjre) 15c Large Red HeadJ 60c per 100 UW aS&Btt EW M %2r*9+&S?*&~*(g9&Fa*ff'iiJr m T?^p, '(*/*$ «
! 5= <-i-C^\CI^I_<^^^= — — — <-iis4*-** Pistol Crackers (extra large). 25c Extra Larre Red Heads. .»1 » m^i t-5 *J
f- ._..<-'-rf_' — Lady Crackers 10c r ,er ioo fflfijt£8 £g», ft*SS9 B <Q This new dre33 in two styles of jacket, short ?SA_^^rN «
' S I Up-to-Date Gannon Crackers. MWMCXIWSB #«S««PV double-breasted Eton, and the longer double- _ X^S\T^3m J»
J A-AsSOrtment $1.OO. American-made up-to-date Cannon Crackers create no fires, seat- A big bargain for Monday-2500 yarda f] \ 5
\X s s-st.r CanJles 25 Red Heads i Gra»,horper« ter no wads of burning ¦ paper, explode into atoms, and produce of the real Madras wash fabrics in wool*^° C3 P°?s, in the newest m.xed color ef- /A * A * J ' 5
1 1 S S&f"" g 1 ffi JSS^R I t»HSS P ° tB noise, .Hen loured with Chinese crackers. $&«£\^1%$J?& an-wooTSS %£&£** s£ >£. (^AS4li
I Jf 3 4-Ptar Roman Can- pedoes Wheel 6 In. lone. 30 In cartoon. 8^ in- Ion*. 5 in cartoon, UXIordB, tBe values ranging »»' u iuu UVtiOW.-Jtio-A • . D ' t; '' ic K" l/^^^L/ JT
! %• dies i Pke Pistol Crack- i Chinese Spray f or 30c for 25c to 35a yard, all at a uniform •£ g &*i» »ar,y $>i^.bu ana ?ld.oO ; special y»cr / f W «
*¦ : Vclcanow ers 2 Hrtlllnnt Star GK In. lor.p. 20 In cartoon, in in. long, 3 in rartoon. tirirv. rn mnrrnw it » * ** at &&.*+& I i\ «
if- 4 Extra Large Blue G Large Pin Wheels Sticks for 25c for 25c price to-morrow at ... «- i«nrt«l l"r nf j,*m T^ir^J. n-**~-~~ I h\ w
* t%S Pistc rK^Wfe IKW fta ?«4Sf^?f IS* Bale. Table-Main Afle. have b2n"J5) a'ndfe fu^w^o / \ «
f^PSrj&e^S lTg&£g&$ 8e and wood Extra Quafity of Torpedoes. naoo-aii-wcoi doth. .and a u newest color // \ i
1 1 B Assortment $2.00. SnBGB^I SbIG / W I
fc i: :-Bsll Roman Can- 2 Volcanoes 12 Blue Lights Ironclad Tornedoes— 20 In a box, 3 boxes 25 cents « •»¦« ¦«-' Assorted lot of com* nfnnr k o ,t a * r |», ~~A I , . V>? "2
* dtea 12 3- In. Serpents 4 So. 1 Mlniatura Silver Pragon Torpedoes-20 in a box. 2 boxes 23 cents —> - -__ . *%f%^ Assorted 1OT iOl EOme Of our best Styles and // ./, y ft
k s s-Ball Roman Can- 6 4-in. Serpents Batteriea Silver Star Torredoes-20 in a box. 3 boxes 25 cents ffiffOl/S WVSSStS. mSitCm CO or3 in Dresses, reduced to $19.75— thia // ¦//,} .^
]h dies 6 Large Pin Wheels 1 Chinese SiTay Cat-Srat Torpedoes— 10 in a box, per box 15 cents •* »»•«•»• w • narticnlarlv finfl aqqnrtmont n f n«wiut / / i\ llr S
;%' 6 4-Pall Roman Can- 12 Extra Laree Pin 1 Box Electric Tor- Repeating Torpedoes-4 for 05 cents w . .-„ „ , w . f ' aofnr R, n » • WUCUiariJ line assortment Of newest / / )\ • J,
j,» <iirs Wheels pedoes — nr iL'm***' m * 4 €* T csn We have 163 Boy3 Wai3ts, sizes for 6 to style Dresses and all are great bargains at thh / / vj, V «
1^ 4 6-Pni! Roman Can- 12 Borfs Caps 2 Pkps Kirpcrackers fc — EXniSjltlOn ASSOriinsni & d.OUm to 15 years of age, broken lots— they week's special price $19.75 /*>-^Av}i- ¦*"**" $
'& e i-o7 l "skvrocket 8 \ cnffine "vhwi crack "rs 8 10-star Extra l l-ib Tr'angie Wh'l 2 vj-ib Bengal Light are the well known K. & E. make— Second Floor-Front. 3
I*. 4 2-m. Fkyn-ket. 1 1-n, TrUn B le Wh'l EO Large Red Heads randter 0 " 1 " 111 Thi n a"Xr 1 Hurdle R*Tce Perfect goods,' excellent patterns— _ _ 5
i A* f t, fh i>reTl I ieht Mnf Punk and Wood 6 8-Star Extra Large 1 Defender 1 Home Run BO d regular y by or at 50c each, on «
i STfiSsST 1K % «»•«-» s » srauf ¦--«-««" iiSjSS uv'f^ -330 WhoiesaSo Miltinerw $
:* 2 6-.n Flower lots Mine . 4 6-Star Electric 1 No. 5 Colored Star t Catherine Wheels Second Aisle— Right of- Entrance. W W ***** «y^*n*«r BVB MB MB MM%SB _V 5
S G-Assortment $3.50. ~ Stark 2** B2*»*S*n %
a 6 8-Bail Roman Can- 6 1-cz Tr'ncle Wh'ls 1 Electric Flowers e 15.11, Colored Pky- In* Star Rnd :<vi Red Heads _, _ *&> tL%Jf*jr E\ COfii Umi$jF U«SM S3 m X
W dies 3 2-oz Tr'nRle Whls 1 Jeweled Jets rockets t Serp»nt Mine 3 Pkga Pistol Fire- fi?iM«««ik««fttf <Et^I» P/T* \\\}\lft . J€
&' 4 6-Ball Extra Large 1 8-in. Vertical Wh'l 50 Ued 11^;..^ 2 1-11> Colored Sky- 1 EWtr'.r Fi'.ver n-nrkers Wk&AM&fUffi &3if «Pcffc» Will/'/ A who'esalestock j l_,_ « ,. .. . ««5
J ti Exhibition Can- 1 No. 3 Star Serpent 1 Hurdle Race rockets 1 8-ln. Vertical Wh'l Punk and Wood wflw«rw«««» w«m*«v*t /jiVUffA/ .x - t , o .*i,:,j I, *d.W trimmed h3ts, Bengaline frinjed m
I H £\e* Mlr.e 1 Home Run 1 U-lb Tr'ngle Wh'l 1 Jeweled Jet Cn*» —^ - m mm P.VX&WL , one ~ lmTa wnoie- scarfs R7n X
8 l £g£riSrr l *?^ T^ 2P^cr iFlre - F- Exhibition Assortment $10.00. GUSfoBOH Top&. »W l^iT\£Z£ * 1X0 Jafflbo s^ n S
; Si 1 Tvrsiirtcr 3 6-in Plnw»r T»Pt<! Pimk urn! TVnnrl • JMW >/%?— ilTV HaiS IOT [118 pTlOS 7Sn J»
£ " I l-n «kvrpoket« I Vo 'Miniature Case IT 10-Ptar Large Col. 6 1-lb Colored Sky- 1 Funflowor „, , n ,«snS«J GSSDUrt for hiiclc'o^ -.n.J -• •••-¦•••'«O >J
i * 6 ' ' ckw* Pa«en>^ }> -" m ™ Candlei rockets 1 Large Col. Geyser We offer to-morrow a small lot of 110 ./. DnCltIe3 and 5?c Bunches of 5
fc " n '" 'r *'•«•*• I a **- rr,** 6 6-Star Extra Large 6 %-lb Colored Sky- 6 Catherine Wheels onlv Cushion Tods nrinc ; mllv in con- &*(' t*C-*~2£*£ ribbon3. jj 0?e , jq o <stS&§Mgjg^ Jf
S D-Exhthiiion Assortment $5.00. SMLSffi: n^cta^ UW U'-^ T^T'Zl C S «° *f£%jm Children's 50c c ,i- 7 , c Li« of : ?
J gUrS^rftn \ ;tL b T T rSe W\ \ &5? a « ' ' P '" 20c and 2oc each, at..:... 15C W - «*«d r m 25O \
j J. Wheels 1 Bonea! LKht 1 H-!b Red Fire Shower Candles 1 No. 6 Large Gyrat- 1 Defender Sales Table— Main Arsle. M 5 «i o^ n u"» -j Ladies $10.00 hand C
¦ » S 10-Ptar Extra 1 S-ln. Vertical Wh'l 1 Pk K Pistol Crack- 3 4-Ptar Electric Inr Star and U-lb Can Red Flro V " $1.^O KOngh Braid made farCV braid V AS3&..] "
, ft Larpe Candles 1 Xo. 2 Cold Geyser ere Spreader Roman Serpent Mine '4-lb Can White Fire KVVI shapes. co'ore-l h*ta l t- *¦ C ' JiJP* •*
I ft 6 S-Star Ex. Larce 1 No. 4 Star S-rpent 3 Pkps Extra Fire- Candles 2 Electric Flowers U-!b Can Oreen Klre . J -*<'\ ** A P 7-,. ,«I hats > latest T. &£> .<«
U Col. Exhibition Mine crackers 1 1-lb Col. Triangle 1 Jeweled Jet 200 Large Red Heads B — ~ B m W 49% & tffi tf », * i i* . . wnite..*»»O shape?. Splendidly ( / Jf
t Roman Candles. 1 No. 5 Star Ferpent 10P Red Heads Wh^i J H-lb Denpal Lights 4 Pkirs Lanre Pistol SL.2r& t?H § ff* *$& &iM *, /#i,£ji) r >J rough braid novelties 59c ?r : rn-np.-f </l fi'< \*^>~' X
£ 1 r>»f-n1»r Mine 1 Jeweled Jet 1%-lb Col. Triansle 1 Mount Vesuvius '¦. Firecrackers lfai«l«#««74» <H$> M B Eu%J* eo DO trimmed hafa *»* r t -,r>A «„;!¦ tr.mmed.*^«t>3 J^T'I «
! J> « f-oz. Skyrockets 1 Mount Vesuvius Punk and Wood Wheel i Hurdle Race Punk and Wood * . U lnmmea nat8 > SCarf and quills a^ $25.00 Imported VZf- ~, m
¦¦ X 6 J 4-lb Skyrockets 1 Hurdle Race Case 1 8-in. Vertical Wh'l I Home Run Cas« ftjffa>/n>&rUJiXJ&l f3l B* &&£& if* IQ Cnt 69o Model Hat? S*' *l
|K Send or ask in Toy Department, Second Floor, for our 12-Pauo Fireworks Cataiogue. «W«»4rftt W/ttytffll ©^0* $1.00 Jumbo Sailors SUo . sit 'as 5
I * -^ m _ — mm _ «,. . Second Floor— East Side. */>...•*•*
| Kfe. Our Specs&i F£ir®w?@s*fo& E$®p®Hmenti^% Si cs M^ ~ ~ |
i | for the season 19D0 is located at 924-926 Market Street, under the Baldwin Annex, opposite J^ of J^^ r\^ BOVS* W&Sll LifilMtalP^ 5
\K the Emporium. siikfringe; j@80& (£&*&) tS» -A > *-**§***JH 9m g
i • ¦ fwft <§sra £fcz$ StiisSp s&% TO'Morrow Only, $
& : Summer Hosiery Under muslin Dop't. SSirOCGJTff&Sm ***** " Dd m^^m. \£( 98Om *v^ zmfandei oiarot-?*™ wine, gallon J
| and Underwear. Mountain, Camping and Vaca- -„-- n \ NeckMs, «• .«vi Choice of Iny of our >*<|^77 \
\\ Ladles' //ose-Imported- Herm,- tion needs. TC-MOrrOW Ottly. the scarfs ' -^fW^^^^^s $1.50 Wash Saits, r^^^V """"-^ 25 J
i» dorf black, fine M-jco cotton, hi-h n??l~ U , „ anl Jabots «lim«3\\^^^E for Monday onlv 7 A Ys/L\ Good quality Kentncky Bourbon X
'J. fp'iced heels, donbe eilc?, in the fol- Girls Overalls, fall Fine Granulated Sugar— 10 ibs.SOo in all fash- ' ' Wk .^SiSS &8o ( J) V^FJ Whtskoy— Well aged and mallow, .J
j h' lowinji styles— p'nin black, u^b'egched f s .«? wide cut... .50© Emporium Flour— Quality gaarantoed ionab'e Kim %$M*§?& Sizes for bovs 4 to 10 \^\ pA,IJ gallon S2.25 J
Jf feet or soles. Richelieu. R?mbran'lt or Jf'i B 1<h -2 tr Cnp 'J* 5 "- the besf, f,O-!b sacks for 75o C0 i or8 are Pm^*^^ years of a"ge- attrac- Holland Gin— Per gallox $2.75 %
'J. Cluster ribbed, per pair ,25o /^TrW^b «.•?»* $1»OO Be *t Sat Sods— 25 lbs for 23o offered at tive patterns, extra [// Medford Rum— Per pllon $2.75
\%> Ladies' Hose— 200 dcz-n Imputed JkM\/M \ «»thing Slip- Our finest Java and Mocha Goffoo— suecial sale Monday only, each 89o well made, hand- h\ A \ Ginger Ale, Sarsaparilla, Orange Cider V
£ H rm^dorf black, 40-cranpe ro'ton fro/// /7m - pe^ s " „ 25 ° 3 !bs $1OO " laundered collars; JIMj^L or Lemon Soda, per «fo_e« _»O<- &
J. H>re. double he*'s and soles, Rchs- \\Wl/fT '"» 3 Gown '' cut Cndahy'« Pvramid Washing Row- _- n a- on y thi'rtv of them 1?/ H & tfes &1.OO %
\i iieurHbed, $1.75 per doz?n, per n-ir y?fv// e" fito**— 12 packages for 25o rJaffS—BUntMff, left, therefore this Main Floor-Rear. S
j| chfidr'en^r'Mosa^ixi'r^t <Jll \ /A ,, B.bY^"kiir w«S The following list comprises Decorating Materials. 3 6 e cial v oo* Candv in Tin ?
S- 3-threid cotton hese, triple knew. ffl* lW^ ' Sfs. .....$1.23 small tots of veil known goo /s Genuine Bunting Flags-Unmounted. BB ° ™7 f J" f '"' ¦ 5
5 French heels ani toe% an unu-ui'ly -/ V Cn ' d . ren > W^i h priced fo quickly clmr Ollt the 2 x 3 ...$150 6 x 9 ...$550 ZZT . When voa get ready to start on your ,j
ig Rood wearing and verr dre^y stocking, <<_ ¥? Sjits 75o stock* that in* haiv nn hvn.t 3*4x4... 2 00 6x10 ...6 50 M&n'& _Mfj/ BOV&' vacation let US pack you a couple ol •*
_ color puarante^d. siza, 5 to 10. per '"^TV^ Ghi'dren> Sun and StOCK^ that ue haze OH hattd. 2x5... 2 50 €Vixi2T00 "'* *f* <T'* pounds of Candv in a tight tin box *
i ,ai-.. :25C ] 1-' Poke Bonnets Walter Baker's Breakfast Oocoa- 4 x 7 "" 400 12xl8""l7W Bathing! SUitS. Iwhxch wjl keep it freah for ¦•vwral %
'K Lsdlcs' Vests- Swiss ribSed. un- . -*^ x K 25c Mb tins re Z u!arly 50c 42c 4x8... 4 50 12x20 ...2000 _ . n *i. days) without extra charge. Leavo your fi
|_ Fhrinksb'e cashmere Merino Vestwnd I (^ Ladies' Sun Bonnets Fancy Imported Fard 03#os-R3-u- Muslin Fia e3 — Mounted. v^! »nJ nnilltii! ifT^ ordera and we will send you a box rega- ¦»
'S Part' Te«t high neck lore sWves HL—^ • 25c larly 15c lb.. . 7o Jausiinriaga aiouuitju. kini3 and qualities larly while yoa are away.
I pantaark'e length with French "yoke " Children's 75c Wash Crescent Condensed Milk- Can No. 1. 2 x 3 .^2c No. 7. 12 xis Ea .cL that most men want y\ Finest French Mixed, per lb 35o X
ih h-n^B co'ors natura' and whit" ner Dresses, up to a?e 5 years, now..50O es n No- 2. *^i* ? -02Hc No. 'V,, 12 x22 ...0«c and there 13 JUSt — >v } lbs Jor $1.OO. C
S §LOO Children's white Aprons, ag,s 4 and 6 Golden Gate Lemon Extract- SZilll&n'.VjBl No! I'. U^^::^ enougn m V (V All-Nat Taffies, per lb _.25o $
1 *? Lsfdins* Wool Under WRar- yars 50 ? 4-oz bottles. 25O No - B> 6? * X 9^--- 10c No. 10, 2^Hx« ...16c the qua!.t:es and i f-y \ Caramela and Battercups, per Xb....25o X
\i JenovrftbeiwRhrla cable woo'l vests Children's fine white Aprons, age. 8 and Finest Imported 'Tru"ft!e"s-in g \^, Ko . 6, 8 x2! No! \z. i K S Y.'S* P T^ ft w!J! A <%/ Z^tVu C } F" iZ' a X
S an-1 n'.nts fo match, vests high neck 10 ye.rs QOc regularly 45c bottle, to close ont.JSc n^tin, w» i,i , ( r it? profi able to buy your // Fresh Salted Almond, per lb BOO «
? ardlonzseeve 3. pants ankle length Ladies' French Chemise, lace and em- Hunt's Extra Standard Moorpark An- Decorating material an 1 Bnating. bathing »n;t here. Main Aiale-Back of Rotunda. %
% withF^erch voke P bar.d 3 , colors pink, broMery trimmirg 50c riCOtS-U heavy syrupIVlbVa" , r S^SS^!t^S Boy,' Bathing t^nks W HH — J
g sky blue, cardinal and black per L^,.^ Musm Drawers, embroideiy^nm- regu^y^Oc for..,. 2to ZS^^iMMEEt %%£ ig^S j MJ Photographs. |
g A^S^H^iS^ftei^tS SeconS Floor-East sVde. Main Floor-Rear. . Prlnted Bhl ldi >Oo, /JMkH Our handsomely fum^hed. fully equipped, 5
I 5 mixed, , qWSHBMBgF _E faM ES^,^ HB^K M m H JM II Boy/'l-p'tec'e'SSE |^\ / *
x ?!!!?™°*!!"!.*V..!!..?.!!.«!«. 8 5V-o*» Sistterick Patterns PrE^iff" WT wBm^^lf^^S r^/^ Bo?' 2 n fciif vo^C^ v %3 ap fa rior manner at mnch lower "5
j: bination Suits at one-qmrter Ojj reg- The Dslineitor for July is an especially p» ©^@<^B^__1S,Si3E^5 _S_a.^^.5aH*« «£3 Men'e 2-pI we Bathing Suits, &I.GO. Cabinet Solios, doiM^*.".™.^'. %f 'so «
V ularP'ices. intere-tLignnmber of this famous fashion .__„,.,.„, AD nPQT AMvnr^^^MBrr e-r^rvB $1.28, $2.80 ml $3.00 Cabinet Carbon finish „ X
$ second Alsle-I^ft of Entrance. magax.ne. CALIFORNIA S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE Third Alsl— Rl S ht of Entrance. $2, $2.66, S3.5O, $5 |
?t ft f* •* •* " _ -— - - , , mi - . _^____________________________________________^ *^" *^ <rt
11,009 Acres of Oil Lands. |
Stock Abso!ute!y_NoD-Assessab!e. \i
If you wish to interest |
yourself in oil stocks that |
are absolutely non-assess- jj
\ able, with a company that I
j owns 11,000 acres of oil j
i lands In Sunset, McKittrick, »1
Kern River and Temblor oil 1
¦ districts of Kern County, J
t California, call on or ad- J
dress the Occidental Oil |
Company of West Virginia, i
' Boom 364, Parrott Bldg. [i
MOSTELLER & ALLEN, |
San Francisco Agents. U
Stock AtsQloteiy~N5n-A8sessab!e- |
11,030 Acres of Oil Lands. |Alameda Argus.
We read in two of the big mornlns
papers of San Francisco, and indeed in
one of the news dispatches of the third,
that the most extraordinary scenes of
enthusiasm followed the nominating
speeches at Philadelphia, but it remained
for Creelman. in another part of the last
one, to say that "indifference marked the
proceedings during the nominations," and
that the convention was "a great failure
from the standpoint of party enthusiasm
and disappointing to leaders. Every man
and every woman who was present will
bear witness that the audience had to be
beoud to ol»»» »i)» name of . McKinley."
ANANIAS CREELMAN
:ained Judgment: but other furniture Is
jubject of execution.
SHOULD BE i>EFINlTE-F. W., City.
rh9 sentence "In event of this proving a
failure we will refund your money." is not
sufficiently clear. It should read, "In tha
svent of this proving a failure we will re
fund you your money."
SAN FRANCISCO TO MANII^A— 3..
City. The distance from Sas Francisco
to Manila varies according to the route.
By the gmu circle the distance to Yoko
hama is 4536 miles, thence "to Hongkong
1490 miles, thence to Manila 62S miles;
total 6654 miles. By the trade chart San
Francisco to Manila via Honolulu the dis
tance is 7130 miles.
AFFECT AND EFFECT— F. W., City.
Affect and effect are not synonymous. To
affect is to influence: to concern. To ef
fect is to accomplish: to bring about. For
Instance, a cold affects the body, a medi
cine may effect a cure. ••"Will not affect
the most delicate physique," when applied
to a medicine to be taken Internally, is
not 03 gocd -as "will not affect the most
delicate organism."
¦ m ¦
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK
PERSONAL MENTION.
Brad Barrar, a mining man of London,
is at the Grand.
J B. McDougall, a prominent business
man of Seattle, is a guest at the Palace.
W. E. Schricher, president of the Skaglt
County Bank. La Conner, Wash., is stop
ping at the Occidental.
S M. Sprague. Sheriff of Placer County,
arrived from Auburn yesterday, and is
registered at the Russ.
Edwin Austin Oliver, associate editor of
the Yonkers Dally Statesman of Yonkers,
N. Y., is a guest at the Palace.
Henry Miller, Sadie Martlnot and Mar
garet Anglln are stopping at the Palace.
Dr. W. H. Lyno of Richmond, Va., is
at the Occidental.
James Campbell and A. L. Kasson.
prominent lumber mill owners of Port
Blakeley, Wash., are guests at the Occi
dental. The first named is accompanied
by his wife.
Ananias was taken as a type too precip
itately. He could never nold a candle In
the way of uttering a causeless, stupid,
superfluous and brilliantly transparent He
with our Creelman.
Reedley Exponent
THE CALL FIRST AGAIN.
DOLLARS OF 1S5&-H. II. G., City. Deal
ers charge an advance of from $1 to $2
for silver dollars of 1S95.
ARCHBISHOP-S. H., La Grange, Cal.
In writing a letter to an Archbishop It Is
proper to use the title "Your Grace."
THE NEW CARS-W. M. C-, City. The
length of the new red cars on the Thlrfl-
Btreet line In this city Is forty feet.
THE NORTH WIND— P. D., Yountvllle.
Cal. The reason that the north wind has
a bad effect on crops and so forth is that
It Is dry and parching.
SIZE OF THE STAFF-H. H. G., City.
The steel staff on the top of The Call
building Is 10 Inches in diameter. The gilt
ball on. top of it measures 19 Inches In
diameter.
CONTRACT MARRIAGES-E. B., City.
The law of California which did away
with contract marriages went Into effect
sixty days after March 26, 1SD5, when it
was approved.
A SPANISH COIN— U- S..-. Tuba City.
Cal. A coin of Spain of the reign of Caro
lus III, that is so much worn that all but
Hlspanla and , the date are decipherable
Is ot no volue to numismatists.
FURNITURE-L... Sacramento, Cal.
Beds, beddlns and kitchen furniture and
stove cannot be attached to satisfy the
claim of a landlord for rent if he has ob-
KINYOUNISM 0ND CHINATOWN.
T~) EFORE we forget Kinyounism let us profit by
\\ the lesson it teaches. There would have been no
—^ Kinyoun quarantine had there been no foulness
in Chinatown. Had the sanitary regulations of the city
been enforced there the people of other cities would
never have been suspicious of San Francisco and
the plague talk would have had no more effect upon
the minds of people abroad than it has had upon the
minds of those at home. Out of the filthy condition
of Chinatown has come what little excuse Kinyoun's
quarantine has had, and so long as that quarter re
mains in such condition so long will it be an excuse
for similar quarantines in future.
The enforcement of the sanitary laws of tbe city in
Chinatown is an imperative duty of the municipal au
thorities. Owners of property in other quarters of
the city are required to keep their property in good
condition and in accord with the health laws. Why
should the owners of property in Chinatown be ex
empt from a similar requirement?
Chinatown is in the very heart of the city. It lies
between the aristocratic district on California Hill and
the great avenues of trade along Kearny and Mont
gomery streets. It is therefore a locality in which the
health ordinances should be enforced with the ut
most care and firmness, and yet nothing has been
done or is being done to make it a decent part of a
civilized community.
It is the duty of Mayor Phelan. to remove his in
competent bubonic Board of Health and appoint in
the place of it, a new board composed of men who
will enforce the health laws of the city and compel
the owners of property in Chinatown to obey the or
dinances. Let us get some good out of the experience
we have had with Kinyoun. 'Let us have Chinatown
cleaned up at once and' cleaned up thoroughly.
It is said that the Democratic party in New Eng
land has lost about every man of high character it
had,-and, while the report may be true, it is not likely
the country will note much diminution of the voting
MuMnath of the party in that section on election day.
THE OPEN DOOR TREATIES.
OUR British cousins are so fearful of Russian
diplomacy they will not trust it even when the
United States has a share in it. Thus while
we have '"been congratulating ourselves and the world
upon the success of the efforts of Secretary Hay to
obtain the consent of all the great powers to the
maintenance of the open door in China, some British
authorities have permitted their fears to persuade
them that our Government has been deceived, and
that the Russians have not promised, half so much
as we have thought they promised.
The ideas of these alarmists have been expressed in
the National Review for June, partly by the editor
and partly by Robert Yerburgh, who contributes an
elaborate paper on the subject. The argument is
sufficiently curious to be worth noting, and is ren
dered the more interesting by the crisis which now
threatens to precipitate the partition of the Chinese
empire, and thus put to immediate proof the value of
the concessions which Secretary Hay obtained from
Count Mouravieff.
The declarations we sought from the powers are
that no power will interfere with any treaty port, or
any vested interest within any so-called "sphere of
interest," or leased territory, it may have in China—
that the Chinese treaty tariff of the time being shall
apply to all merchandise shipped to all such ports as
are within such sphere of interest, no matter .to what
nationality it may belong, and that dutie^ so levied
shall be collected by the Chinese Government — that it
shall levy no higher harbor dues on vessels of another
nationality than on its own, and no higher railroad
charges over lines operated within its sphere.
In replying to the request for Russia's agreement to
these declarations Count MouraviefT said: "In so far
as the territory leastfd by China to Russia is concerned
the imperial Government has already demonstrated
its firm intention to follow the policy of the open door
by creating Dalny (Talienwan) a free port; and if
at some future time that port, although remaining
free itself, should be separated by a customs limit
from other portions of the territory in question, the
customs duties would be.levicd in the zone subject to
the tariff upon all foreign merchants, without dis
tinction as to nationality."
It is claimed by the National Review that in tfie
letter the Russian does not agree to the declaration
that the customs shall be those established Jsy tariff
treaties with China and collected by China, nor to
that guaranteeing equal railroad rates.- Furthermore,
il is said the statement that the tariff in the Rus
sian zone of influence shall be equal upon all "foreign
merchants" is capable of a double construction.' It
is regarded here as meaning that the country is Chi
nese and that Russians as well as Americans are "for
eigners"; but it may be held that the country is Rus
sian, and therefore Russian merchants v would not be
subject to the tariffs imposed upon foreigners.
The discovery has all the marks of a marc's nest,'
but the writer for the National Review is quite
wrouorht uo over it He says: "The -battle for the
A clean Chinatown and a new Board of Health are
things we need, and there is no reason to believe they
would come high if the people insist on them.
REPUBLICAN ENROLLMENTS.
TH; ICROLLMENT of members of Republican
clubs ia the various Assembly districts of San
1 * Francisco began yesterday and will continus
until the evening cf Saturday, June 30. It is desir
able that all Republicans should sign the rolls and
take an active part in the orgmization of the clubs.
To that desire it is the duty of all good citizens who
i>e!or.g to the Republican party to respond, for in no
other xvaj- can it be assured that the clubs will rightly
represent the genuine Republicanism of th^ best ele
ments of the city.
Xo urgent appeal to intelligent Republicans on this
issue should be needed, and yet so engrossing are the
affairs of business, or the plans for summer holidays,
that it is certain many will neglect this important pub
lic duty, unless a direct appeal be made to them. To
lhat end every earnest and zealous Republican should
devote zt this time a portion of his energies. Let
.each or.e of them act as an agent to call the attention
cf Republicans of his acquaintance to the enrollment
•now going on, and to present to them the reasons
why each and all should join a club and assist in its
organization.
It is certain that all the bosses or would-be bosses,
,211 the evil elements that hope to make a personal
•profit in politics by attaching themselves to the Re
ytibHcan party, will be prompt to get their foliower3
jenrolled, r.or will they be at all scrupulous as to the
«ort of men they get into their following. Thus there
•is danger that a considerable number of clubs will fall
rXLr.dcT the control of persons whose power will be j
weakness rather ttian a help to the party in the cam
|paign. There is but one way of guarding against that
ganger — good citizens must do their duty; loyal Re
publicans must take up the work of the campaign at
once and by enrolling themselves be able to organize
•the clubs in their districts and elect the officers.
Once mere a Presidential election is to turn upon
Jjusiness issues. It is again a question of preserving
commercial, industrial and financial prosperity that is
presented to the people. It is so understood every
rfwhere, and even among the men who supported
-¦Bryan four years ago there are now many who will
5iot only vote the Republican ticket on election day
i>nt will aid it during the campaign, because they
Jcnow thnt upon the election of McKinley and Roose
velt is dependent the welfare of the country. Since
¦these converts from Bryanism are to be active in the
¦fight for prosperity, wh2t excuse can stanch Repub
licans have for neglecting their duty?
An illustration of the earnestness with which some
of the former Eryanites and free silver men are now
co-operating with the Republicans was furnished in
•the news of yesterday, to the effect that three wealthy
men of Utah have contributed $150,000 to the Na
tional Committee for the Republican campaign fund.
Tlie three men are Heber M. Wells of Ogden,
Kearns of Park City and Charles E. Loose
iof Provo. Four years ago they were ultra-silver men
and contributed $25,000 each to the Bryanites, but
this year they are- for McKinley and Roosevelt, and,
according to the statement of one of them, have made
their I^rge contributions to the Republican fund "by
v/ay of atonement."
If new converts to Republicanism show such zeal,
surely the business men who have been the strength
of the party all along ought to be willing to take their
part of the political work of the year. In San Fran
"cipco the work that is to be done now is the organi
zation of the district clubs. All good Republicans
should enroll themselves. If by any evil chance the
bosses nnd their gangs get control of any number of
the clubs the men of the party who neglected their
duty will have none but themselves to blame.
It is a safe prediction that the nations will find it
a good deal easier to get into China than to get out;
end, moreover, they sre going in harmoniously, but
they wiil hardly come out that way.
When we have firmly established civilization and
order in China it might be worth while to try what
W. can do in St. Louis and Kentucky.
By CHARLES DEN BY, Ex=United States flinister to China.
THE reader may be assisted in forming an opinion touching
the important events which are happening now In Chtoa
by some account of the life of the remarkable woman who
Is now the head of the empire.
The Empress Regent Tzl An has had a career full of
ctar-Hintr chances, coups d'etat and romance.
?n hir south she was a servant girl at a public Inn. She be
came the secondary wife of the Emperor Heiniung. "is to be
I?! £STS "ceived
any ?ore!Ser except Prince Henrj- of Prussia. In 1S9S, and the
f aiJL at the legation in 1809. Her own subjects never see her
face She JeceWes behind a screen. From 1861 to 1889 she never
ea\5 audience to any foreign Minister, and I believe that she
nas not done so since. In 1SS9 the Emperor Q^&^J^ 1 ™*
k^r^ffeTth-e^s ssrasK^r^a^^s
occurred f October k ttS October 2WSS0. the- British treaty
-"x^^tff&^lS^^^l-i- lest the
Is the writer left China in August, 1S9S, he Is unable to
rendfr an aerate account of the facts which transpired-con
neC rhe lt \vhJn h E^pre n ss attained the age of 60. in 1894. all the
nations which were represented at Peking vied with each other
Tn showing her respect. Autograph letters were written to her
hi- all the chiefs of state, including her own. and many hand
some presents were forwarded. It would s^eem that this respect
ard esteem have changed to Infinite hate and loathing. It is
urdeSood\hat the . foreigners In China regard her a. the
"anti-Christy the opponent of progress, the prospective mur
der OthcV t So?S 1 S?. r "ana'l am inclined to give some credence
to their statement that the Empress is making a desperate
effort to save China from partition. It is claimed by well
informed people that this is her supreme end and P« r P«' e - .
Mthls be true the people of the United States should wish
her success. The main purpose of American supremacy to
25 Sculd be to prevent the partition of China. If the empire
?b dWid^d up there will be an end to our missionary work, ex
cept perhaps, in the English possessions As for our com
mercef which is so greatly developing. It will be "nstnuned
cabined and confined. There is no reason in the world why
Great Britain. Russia, Prance or Germany should havo any
greater right to seize portions of China than we have V. ill
any men formulate a reason why we have not equal rights in
Sla with the European powers? Will any men put on paper
a decent argument why they should have the exclusive right
or a^y right to take possession of the provinces of China? \\e
havT done as much, or more." to introduce modern civilization
into Asia as they have. Our trade surpasses theirs except
England's. Our people are next to tho English In numbers
That the powers should protect their people from death or
China Now the Powder Magazine of the World
injury goes without saying, but must they necessarily wipe out
of existence a field of enterprise which is the most promising
in the world for our people? Ar.d must we stand idly by while
the process goes on?
The Empress ruled China from 1S61 to 1SS9. She had built
up the difficult edifice of foreign intercourse. She left her coun
try at peace with the whole world. She was reverenced by her
own people and respected by foreigners. It Is hard to believe
that all this honorable regard has been forfeited.
The reign of the Empress Regent was noticeable for a
marked and general- progress In a number of different direc
tions, especially commercial. Railroads did not until recently
win their way, but the foundation was laid for them. The usa
of the electric telegraph became general.
The secret societies in China have been heretofore chiefly
Influenced by antagonism to the Manchus. They have favored
the restoration of the Ching dynasty— which was Chinese. In
order to embarrass the Government they have attacked for
eigners and native Christians, -who, under the treaties, are en
titled to protection.
There were occasional anti-foreign riots. Riots and dis
turbances are not unusual in our ewn country. China paid
compensatory damages in every case of injury to person or
property.
It would seem from some of the reports from China that
the secret societies have taken up the cause of the Emperor.
This Is almost a self-evident contradiction. The quarrel with,
the Empress on the part of the foreigner Is that she la anti
foreign and that she Is secluding the Emperor, who is In favpr
of the foreigners. There can be no reason, therefore, why th©
secret societies should take up his cause.
At the bottom of all these popular uprisings Is discontent
growing out of deluges and starvation caused by short crops.
There Is a great deal of misery and poverty in China.
The editor of the World's Editorial Forum has asked my
opinion of "the real meaning and probable outcome" of th» ex
isting riots. Judging by my experience in China from 1SS5 to
1S9S I would say that the riots would be put down by the Gov
ernment, as hundreds have been put down heretofore, but new
elements have entered into the situation. It was not until 1S97.
when Germany landed a battalion of marines and seized a por
tion of the province of Shantung, that "It came to be believed
that China had no rights that Europeans were bound to re
soect. Since then three other nations have helped themselves
to her territory, and no objection has been raised anywhere ia
the world. In some quarters the Idea seems to prevail that the
human race would be benefited by destroying the autonomy
of China and dividing her soil up among more advanced na-
Tnis plea thinly veils the greed for conquest and domination.
Left to herself, China will work out, as Japan has done, her
own salvation. Ruled by monarchies and despots, her land will
always be the abode of abject misery and want.
Let the people who wish well to China frown upon the es
tablishment of a protectorate. It is the beginning of~B.bs.orp-
My Judgment Is that the Boxers will be put down and that
before long peace will prevail in China, and that partition will
not be attempted at this time.
THE BILLBOARD ORDINANCE.
1 I OR many a year the American people have had
J a jeer significant of contempt for the kind of
*¦ politicians who "are in favor of the law, but agin
its enforcement." The cause of the sentiment is the
frequency with which that sort of dodging is prac
ticed by a certain type of officials. It is to be hoped
none of the Supervisors will expose himself to sus
picion of belonging to the type. Such suspicions,
however, are likely to be aroused should the Super
visors pass an ordinance but postpone its enforcement
for a year to come, and that is what some of them at
least seem inclined to do in dealing with the billboard
nuisance.
The passage of an ordinance restricting advertising
fences to a height not exceeding ten feet, but declaring
the restriction shall not be enforced until July, 1901,
will be of no benefit to the city nor of any credit to the
Supervisors. During the year in which the ordinance
is to be inert and ineffective the men who derive a
profit by the high fence nuisance will have time to
devise ways and means for evading it, postponing its
operation or de/eating it altogether. It is probable
that when put into operation suit will be brought to
test its validity. settlement of that suit will re
quire considerable time, and it cannot be begun until
the ordinance is in force. Thus if the ordinance
carry a clause putting off the enforcement for a year,
the date at which the people may expect relief from
the ugly and dangerous nuisance of high fences will
be very distant. <.
The Supervisors can hardly expect to be able to fool
the public on a matter of this kind. They will not de
ceive anybody by passing an ordinance restricting the
nuisance after a year from July. The demand is for
a restriction of the nuisance now. The Supervisors
will either give relief or they will not, and an un
enforced ordinance gives no relief. That is the plain
statement of the situation, and the people so under
stand it. When the ordinance comes before the board
for final passage those Supervisors who desire to re-
Strict if not altogether suppress this nuisance, against
which the/public in every American city have been
protesting for years, will strike out the clause which
postpones to July I, 1901, the time when it is to go
into effect.
%\n -tgBBfrg' Call
SUNDAY JUNE 24, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
,^^_1™^. ™~~
Address A'l Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
JIATCAGEK'S OFFIC13.^j : j^^^TelepboBe_PreM^3W
I'LBLJCATIOK OFFICK. .Market nnd Third. 3. F.
Telephone Press 201.
rDlTOniAL ROOMS.... 2ir to ?2t Ste-r«««» St«
Telephone Ptmi 202.
rJrJlT»re<5 t»r Carrier*. IS Crn1* T*r TTeelt.
. Btns-le Coi»le«, tt Ontw.
Terra* l»r Mall. Iwclwdlms Poatmc**
r>AII/r CAL.L. nncludJnc Bundoy). on« y*ar tJ-J*
J3a:LT CAL1. rlndudJn* Sunday). < month*.. ••J»
rAn/T CALL. Uncludlng: Sunday). 1 montUs *¦;>=
33AIL.T CAJ>U— By Sincie Month "*"i til
rt'NDAT CALL. On« Te*r — ~ — — • !•*
tVVEETiX/r CALL On» Tmi ~" *••"
SLll poifmuten arc «wt»«orl»e* to receive
¦nbscrlptlona.
£*=pl» eople* will be forwarded when r**ne«t«d.
SI»« •ubsertber» la ordertnr cnan*« of «<*«r«i« «nonld bo
fertlcular to Clre both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Imut» * prompt iind correct compliance with their re«a««t.
CAliXi.NO OFFICE. 1XXS Br«»*w«T
C GEORGE KROGNtSS.
t'tML^er Foreign Advertising, '/arquette Building;, Chicago.
ilxct Distance Telephone "Central 2113.")
IfEW TORK OORXKSPCCCDENT:
C C. CArtLTON. Heraid Square
—
OTTtV YORK REPRESENTATIVE T
CTEPHEN B. SMITH ....30 Tribun* Building
chicajgo new? stands:
Efcerriaa Hctcb*: P. O. News C».; Great Northern Hotel:
ys«M 1 >/»¦*¦ Hocm; AttCitcrium Hotel.
ICEW TORK NEYtTS BTAXZMt
W«!dorf-Axtort» Hotel; A. Brenttsa. n Unto* Severe;
Srnrrajr HQ1 Hotel.
•WASHTOGTON (D. C.) OFFICE .....Wallington Hotsl
MORTON t. CRANE, Correspondent.
BIl tTrn OFFICE*- 677 Montgomery, aoromr of Clay. op#«
trctfl »:» <^«*3Ck- t!» Haye*. open cntll 9:10 o'clock. CJ
SieATiirter, •pen until «:M o'clock. 615 Larkla. ep«n until
92* o'dock. mi Ml«elcn. open until 10 ©'clock. K«l Market.
oorr.fr Etirteenth. open until t o < clock. 10M Valencia, epen
cntll I o'clock- 186 Eler«nth, open unttt i o'clock. JTW oor
oer Twenty -aeeciifi and Kentucky, open until t o'clock.
THE JUBILEE CELEBRATION.
/^ RAND MARSHAL COSTELLO has issued a
I ""I circular directing the attention of the people
— generally to the arrangements now being
made by the Native Sons to fitly celebrate the semi
centennial of the admission of California to the
Union, and calling upon all to cordially assist in the
work and in the festival. After pointing out that the
various parlors of the order have appointed a joint
committee and perfected arrangements for making
the celebration the grandest in our history, the cir
cular says; "It is not our desire, however, and the
Native Sons of the Golden West do not claim the
right, to monopolize the celebration of this great
event. It is our ardent wish that all citizens and resi
dents of the State of California, both native and
adopted, should unite and co-operate with us in
making the forthcoming celebration of Admission
day the most memorable that California has ever
known, a celebration worthy in every way of such a
historical occasion. We therefore ask the assistance
and co-operation of all organizations, fraternal and
otherwise, in this city and State, to aid us in our en
deavor." s
It is to be hoped this invitation will meet with a
cordial and universal response. The summer and the
fall are'to be stormy with political agitations and dis
cussions. There will be a strain of partisan contention
upon the people for months to come. It will be well,
therefore, for all to have an interlude of common pa
triotism to break the continuity of campaign speeches.
The date of Admission day falls at the right time for
such an interlude. It comes after all the struggles
over the nominations have been made and just before
the stump speaking and the campaigning begins in
earnest. It is therefore just the right season for Re
publicans, Democrats, Populists, Prohibitionists and
Independents to meet together in a general feeling of
pride and loyalty to the State and to the Union, and
make an Admission day festival that will be a thing
to remember and to talk of for years to come.
The plans for the celebration can be easily arranged
so as to give every important organization or associa
tion in the State a fair field and opportunity for taking
part in the festival. There is, however, but little time
for preparation, and those who intend to share in the
work should, in the language of the street, get a move
on. The Native Sons have in their ardor designed to
make the celebration the grandest in our history; let
all join in and help them to make it so.
THE OflKLflND CASE
THE suit brotight by the Contra Costa Water
Company against the city of Oakland to obtain
a judgment establishing the value of its plant
and the measure of income to be received upon. that
valuation is one of unusual interest and importance.
People who have thus far watched the proceedings
have waited with great curiosity and anxiety for the
outcome of the objections raised to the Judge who has
been acting in this case. It is a question whether
such a proceeding would likely occur in any part of
the country outside of this State, and it demands
grave inquiry and consideration. While the objection
to his sitting in the case was couched in the usual
diplomatic language of the legal profession, protesting
that no reflection was intended upon the character or
integrity of his "Honor," the ordinary layman will
fail to see why the objection was made at all if there
was not underlying it a suspicion of something wrong.
Unless it was a wanion attack, the objection plainly
carried the intimation that the city of Oakland did
not believe it could obtain a fair hearing and decision
from this particular Judge, and the matter should not
be permitted to rest there. If the courts are to be of
any value they must be above suspicion, and no class
of men is so much interested in keeping them in high
repute as the lawyers themselves, for without confi
dence in the courts people will shun them as they
would a pesthouse, and the practice of the law must
degenerate in consequence to the level of licensed
pillage and blackmail. No country can be great or
enjoy a high degree of prosperity in any way unless
it has a system of jurisprudence in which its people
believe and trust.
President Diaz of the republic of Mexico, who is
one of the greatest statesmen of this age, early gave
evidence of his wisdom by reforming the courts of
that country and taking stringent 'measures for the
impartial enforcement of the laws, with the result that
the credit of the nation was re-established in all civil
ized countries and foreign capital was freely attracted
to the development of its resources. Why has the bar
of this State remained silent since this attack upon
one of the judiciary? In former days, when the rules.
of chivalry obtained in the Southern States, every
lawyer stood ready to defend the honor of the Judges
before whom he practiced, and if one of them was in
sulted the lawyers of his bailiwick would draw lots to
determine who of their number should challenge the
insulter to mortal combat, because the Judge, on ac
count of his position, could not defend himself. Why
has there been no demonstration to protect the Judge
in this case? There can be but one of two answers:
Either the bar of California generally has become de
generate and indifferent to the high prerogatives and
obligations to it belonging, or its members do not
consider that the character and standing of this par
ticular Judge are such as to command their interfer
ence. It is due to the general public that this question
be determined, because if an innocent man has been
unjustly assailed while occupying a position which
ties his hands from defense, and is forsaken by his
natural defenders, then the business men of the com
munity who are interested in the good name of the
State should step forward to his defense. It will be
the aim of The Call to follow the proceedings in this
case closely and keep its readers advised of the facts.
There has already been too much scandal in this State
about the fixing of water rates and the buying of Su
pervisors and other like bodies in connection there
with. We hope the odor of this filth and corruption
will not taint the good name or contaminate the
robes of the judiciary, and that no member of the
bench will be unjustly suspected. On the other hand,
the people should not be blamed for entertaining sus
picions, for it is a matter of public notoriety and his
tory that in many instances in the making of rates the
public has been defrauded and betrayed by the gross
est treachery and corruption, and it becomes the rate
payers to be vigilant against repetitions of such prac
tices.
«
DURING the nine months which
have elapsed since Mr. Henry
Miller left us we have had about
one month of rational theatrical
entertainment in San Francisco
and eight months of desolation.
His return, always welcome, will this
time be doubly so, ar.d his endeavors to
bring back to the theater a class of peo
ple who have been forced to prefer a good
book at home will be crowned, I trust,
with the high success they deserve. It Is
surely not unfitting to pleaG for one the
ater in a city as large as San Francisco
where the best plays procurable may be
interpreted in the best manner. The city
has plenty of cheap houses, where farce,
burlesque, melodrama and "comic" opera
are served up at moderate prices all the
year round, to the evident enjoyment of
people. who enjoy that kind of thing. But
such "entertainments" do nothing to ad
vance the drama as a fine art and have
absolutely no interest for people who have
read good plays and who have seen really
fine acting.
To make his season a success Mr. Miller
must find in j San Francisco about 10.000
people each week who really want to see
the best that is a-going and are willing to
pay for it. That means about 2% per cent
of our population — not a very large pro
portion, surely.
? • •
Mr. Miller promises us this time Dumas'
"A Marriage of Convenience." Good!
Good also is It to hear that we are to
have "The Only Way," for if Dickens is
to live by anything more than "David
Copper-field" It will be by the pathos and
the dramatic power of "A Tale of Two
Cities." But what has become of "Tre
lawney of the Wells," which was prom
ised in the earlier announcements, but is
not mentioned in the most recent? That
is a better play than any on Mr. Miller's
list, with the exception of the two men
tioned. It is in Pinero f s very best style
and contains a character sketch of Tom
Robertson that is of great historical in
terest. Let us hope that "Trelawney"
will be forthcoming.
• • •
From New York comes the gratifying
intelligence that the fund for the actors'
home has reached the respectable sum of
$66,000. This result is due chiefly to Mr.
Al Hayman, who subscribed $10,000; to Mr.
Harrison Grey Fisko of the Mirror, whose
exertions for all things that tend to better
the profession are untiring, and to the
management of the New York Herald.
Among the subscriptions it is pleasant to
notice one of $100 from Sarah Bernhardt,
$500 from the Roman Catholic Orphan
Asylum and $1250 from the New York Fire
Department. Come, now, boys of the San
Francisco Fire Department; where are
you on this? Here's a chance to show
that you are as good friends of the actor
as are the boys in New York. The shelter
of the actors' home is deep as a well and
considerably wider than the church door.
nore horrible subject, for irstance. than
hat which he has chosen fir treatment
n ."The Sightless." where six blind ,old
non and six blind women (or.e mad) ara
ed out to a dreary forest by a sick priest,
["he priest dies and the twelve blind peo
ple starve to death. That is the entire
May. Can any rational or hea'.thy mind
lerive either pleasure or profit from such
i work? SSwS
The opening dialogue of this play is
thoroughly characteristic of Maeterlinck.
It runs as follows:
First Blind Man— Is he not coming
yet?
Second Blind Man— You hav»
waked me.
First Blind Man— I was asleep,
too.
Third Blind Man— I was asleep,
too.
First Blind Man— Is he not com
ing yet?
Second Blind Man— I hear nothing
coming.
Third Blind Man— It ' must ba
about time to go back to the asy
lum.
First Blind Man— We want to
know where we are.
Second Blind Man— It has grown
cold since he left.
First Blind Man— We want to
know where we are.
The Oldest Blind Man— Does any
one know where we are?
The Oldest Blind Woman— We
were walking a very long time; we
must be very far from the asylum-
First Blind Man— Ah! the women
are opposite us!
The Oldest Blind Woman— Wo
are sitting opposite you.
First Blind Man— Wait, I will
come next to you. Where are you?
Speak! that I may hear where you
are. - j_
The Oldest Blind Woman— Here;
we are sitting on stones.
First Blind Man— There is some
thing between us
Second Blind Man— It Is better
to stay where one is!
Third Blind Man— Where are you
sitting? Do you want to com© over
to us?
The Oldest Blind Woman— W»
dare not stand up!
Etc.. etc.. etc
-¦-.•' '¦¦ • •
Alas, poor Belgium! Is thl3 your Shake
speare? That dialogue seems to me a
gross libel on the intelligence of blind peo
ple but a very good imitation of the cnat
ter of idiots. Xordau is not far wrong
when he says: "The stupid people of
Maeterlinck say nothing because they
have nothing to say. Their creator has
been unable to put a single idea Into their
empty brain-pans because he had not a
single idea himself. Hi3 pieces do not
show us human beings thinking and talk
ing, but tadpoles or slugs considerably
more foolish than the learned fleas which
are exhibited at country fairs.
Mr. Miller's Season: Calve on Opera
z/lnd {Maeterlinck s Plays.
By A. Pu Pont-Jyte.
It extends to every poor Thespian that
needs it, be he from Florida or from
Alaska, from Maine or from California.
• • •
"The very mode of expression In op
eratic art is false and the -whole of it is
unreal and untrue." Who says this, 1
wonder? Is it seme jealous playwright or
some composer of symphonies? No, it is
Madame Calve, the finest operatic singer
of the day, who is going to abandon
opera for drama. ! Soul of departed Wag
ner, can you hear this from any sphere,
however remote, and not return to con
found the heretic?
Madame Calve merely proclaims what
many people who are bored by opera feel,
but have not the courage to express. They
are bored because, not being musical en
thusiasts who can overlook all absurdities
provided song be there, they find it im
possible to believe for a moment that any
think taking place on the stage is like
anything in real life. And they are right.
The drama asks us to grant conventions
enough, but none that are palpably in
credible; opera demands that we grant
conventions which are palpably incredible.
For instance, how can I be for a moment
illusionized by a tenore robusto who runs
I up and down the scale of linked sweetness
long drawn out In mellifluous attempt to
say to his lady love, "Madame, walk this
way and I will open the door"? As
Madame Calve says, the very mode of ex
pression is false, unreal, untrue; it is like
nothing in the heavens above or the earth
beneath or the waters under the earth.
• • •
The republication in attractive book
form (Sergei, Chicago) of three of Maeter
linck's plays has led me again to look over
the works of morbid, melancholy. Maurice,
and again to wonder at the Judgment of
those who hail the recluse of Ghent a3 the
Belgian Shakespeare. Surely, never be
fore this fin-de-slecle period did a poet at
tain European reputation with such a nar
row range of ideas, such poverty of imag
ery, such monotony of expression! To
read Maeterlinck one would think that we
were still living In the fourteenth cen
tury, when men childishly believed that
the problem of the universe was solvable
and that by much prying we could man
age to peep through the veil that shuts off
the unknowable from the knowable. • * •
True, also, we are but innnitesimally small
puppets dancing upon this sand speck of
a world in an cbscure corner of an unim
portant collection of asteroids, which we
dignify by the came of the solar system,
but this depressing fact cannot and must
not be continually harked back to by any
one who expects to get anything out of
life, least of all by a poet, whose duty it
Is to beautify, to elevate, to cheer, to con
sole. Now,' Maeterlinck seldom beautifies,
elevates, cheers or consoles; on the con
trary, he too often prefers the ugly, the
depressing, the gloomy, the morbid. What
open door has been fought; the public believe it has
been won; the public has rejoiced with exceeding
great joy. . As a matter of fact the battle has. been
lost, and we are to-day as far from an agreement with
regard to the open door as we were before the United
States entered the arena as its champion."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 1900.
NEW YORK, June 23.— Alfred I. Hol
man of San Jose is at the "Waldorf; J.
Rose Mackenzie of San Francisco is at
the Holland; Colonel J. H. Borland of
San Francisco is at the Imperial; W. H.
Bnedaker of San Francisco is at the
Plaza. ..
18
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The San Francisco Call gave the best
report of the Democratic convention last
week of any of the city dailies, and on
Monday it gave the ten-minute speech of
Stephen M. White, which no other paper
gave. "We will reproduce it in our next
issue, as very few of our readers have
had the privilege to hear this master
mind; but they shall have the privilege of
reading that speech, for it is a gem.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> atTownsend's.*
¦ m ¦
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th<»
Press Clipping Pureau (Allen's), 510 MonP-
gomery street. Telephone Main 10-12. ?
TO THE_PHBLIG!
The Democratic and Silver Re-
publican delegates to the NA-
TIONAL CONVENTION AT
KANSAS CITY JULY 4 th have
selected the
RIO GRANDE LINES
As the OFFICIAL ROUTE.
ROU R N^ RIP S60.00
GOOD FOn SIXTY DATS.
Kate open to all.
Tickets on Sale June 23. 23 and 30.
_ _ For Information Apply
«- „ F - Vf ' THOMPSON. General Ajtent.
CS Market at. (Palace Hotel). S»a jr-**o>-~-
AUCTION SALES.
By E. Watkins— Monday. June 23. at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
"T^nth and JiryiL^t streets.
AJMTJSElEEirrS.
Orpheum— Yaoflevttle.
QriRrd Opera-house— "A Homespun Heart."
Grand Ojwra-hcus* — Benefit for widow and orphans of
?unfe 12. Svwney, Friday afternoon. June 29.
Co! n znbia— Kc liar.
Caiifor::Ja-"A lllUc Wtlte Flac"
Tivcli — "iladelelne."
Alcazar — ••Eaj/to."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy etreets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Tneater— Vaadevlllo every afternoon and
?venlcfi.
Kischer'B— 'X*. Forza del Destlno."
Union Coureius Park — Coursing to-day.
Ja£leei(Je Coursing Park— CoursJnr to-day.
Recreation Park— BatebcU.
Hutro Btuh9 — Open niehta.Appointments Are Made and Con
tracts for Temporary Forage
Supplies Are Awarded.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
morning and decided to put a number of
new hydrants in the Potrero district. L,.
W. Potters was appointed watchman In
Corporation Yard No. 1 and John Crum
mey was appointed hydrant man. Chief
Sullivan formally reported the death of
Hoseman Sweeney. Bids for temporary
supplies of forage were considered and
contracts were awarded to H. P. Smith
& Sons. Scott & Magner and O. Mulligan.
President Watt, addressing Chief Sulli.
van said: "On behalf of the Commission
ers 'l desire to commend you, the assist
ants and battalion chiefs upon the excel
lent appearance of the men detailed to
the funeral of Fireman Sweeney. As Com
missioners we feel proud of the evident
high grade of the men, of the cleanliness
of their uniforms, of their erect carriage,
of their intelligent faces and of their dis
cipline. If they are fair samples, and ws
assume they are, of all our men, we may
all bo satisfied with the personnel of the
department."
FIRE COMMISSIONERS
'COMPLIMENT THE MEN
Following is the Park music programme
for to-day:
Overture. "Fairy Lake" Auber
"Italian Serenade" Czlbulka
Popular melodies, "The Old and the New"
Beyer
"The Last Sleep of the Virgin" Massenet
Ballet from "William Tell" .........Rossini
March, "Slave"^ .....Thatkowsky
Intermezzo from "Manon I>scant" Puccini
"Temptation Waltz" ' BoloRnesi
"Bunch of Blackberries"." ...~ Holzman
Played with great success at the Paris Expo
sition by Souza,
"Through Field and Forest" Eilenbefg
Park Music Programme.
You Will Be Missed.
Don't forget the 50c sale of shoe* to
morrow at the Boston Shoe Company, 775
Market street, near Fourth. •
Two Arrests Made and Cases in
Judge Conlan's Court to Be
Set for Trial
The cases of Schwartz, Crowley. Corbett
and Riley. charged with violating the or
dinance against selling pools, were called
In Judge Conlan's court yesterday. "When
the alternative writ was asked of Judge
Bahrs on Thursday the cases were con
tinued till July 10 pending the decision,
but as the writ was dismissed Friday
Prosecuting Attorney Weller formally no
tified Judge Conlan of the fact yesterday
POOLSELLERS CONTINUE
TO EVADE THE LAW
and asked that the cases be put on tho
calendar and continued till Tuesday to be
set for trial. The Judge so ordered.
The poolroom men. according to Chief
Sullivan, consented Friday not to sell
pools till the cases were decided, but he
received information yesterday that pools
were being sold In Corbett's and Crow
ley's on the McGovern-Dixon fight. Po
licemen Proll and Larkin were detailed
to visit the poolrooms, and they succeed
ed in buying pools at each. Thomas Cor
bett, who sold the pools at Corbett's. ar.d
George Duncan, who sold them at Crow
ley's, were arrested. They were each re
leased on giving 1^0 cash bail.
J. W. Breen of San Bernardino has ap
plied for letters of guardianship over the
person and estate of I/awrence O'Brien,
who lives at 46 Jessie street. Not long ago,
Breen alleges, O'Brien, who is aged and
partially paralyzed, came Into possession
of a few thousand dollars. On the eve
of the celebration he held in honor of his
good fortune he met Mrs. Ellen MeManus
and notwithstanding his physical condi
tion they were married. Breen says
O'Brien is lying helpless and in a dying
condition at, his humble home uncared for
by his wife. He asks for letters of guard
ta'nshlp In consequence that he may make
the old man's last days comfortable and
get possession of his money for that pur
pose. ¦-<;":;•.
Deserted and Helpless.
For mere than a century the Mexicans
cf Los Angeles have been using asphalt
urn, taken from the Brea ranch, west of
that city, with which to roof their houses.
Br<->a is another name for asphaltum. the
existence o f this material has been a mat
ter of common knowledge. Nevertheless
thi5 pointer for the oil prospectors was
overlooked by them during the period ot
oil ppe<-jlation until very recently. OH
was scooped from ehallow holes on the
Maltman ranch, near the Baptirt College,
for years, yet no rystematic attempt was
made at development there until the past
few months. Now the people in Los An
geles are wondering over these two queer
tactd and the Ixis Angrles Times says that
••the average oil expert appears to be
cfraid of oil on the surface. He would
rathrr go aft*r it with a witchhazel rod."
Two new oil refineries are projected.
One ifi for Bakerpfleld and the other for
Eummerland. That at Bakersfleld will be
erected by the Hercules Oil Company.
The plant will occupy ten acres and will
have a dally capacity of 1000 barrels. It
will be finished In about six months. The
refinery at Summerland will, according Uj
local advices, be under way within three
months. The good price to be obtained
*or the by-products and the low price for
unrefined petroleum have made the Sum
merland people believe that a refinery
would be profitable.
Oa the first day. thfit the conservative
Panorama Heights Will Now
Be Invaded by the
Tall Derricks.
KERN RIVER IS
CROSSED BT THE
OIL PROSPECTOR
The Reed Company'* pale has been made.
The transfer was effected on a basis of 11,800,
0«0, and the property acquired by the new own
ers consist* of 1200 acres of approved ground,
together with problematical land amounting to
about 400 acres. The deal was practically a
reorganization, as the members of the original
company retain stork In the present one,
which Is called the Reed Crude OH Company.
Its board of directors consist of the following:
j F Sartnrt. William C. Kerckhoff. Henderson
Havward W. D. Woolwine, W. H. Perry, Went
Huirhes, Kaspare Cohn, T. L. Reed and T. S.
Fuller. Mr. Kerckhoft is president. Mr.
Cohn vice presMent. Mr. Sartori treasurer
and Mr. Fuller secretary. There Is UOO.
ooo in the treasury. It Is itated that the
developments now under way will proceed
at if no change had taken place, but with the
addition of lanre storage tanks on the railroad
branch and probably a water pipe line system
covering th« wholt or a part ot the land, flu-
The following statements are made by
the Bakersfield Callfornlan concerning the
pale of the Reed Oil Company's proper
ties:
The oil prospectors are now very busy
in Orange County. One hundred business
men of Santa Ana have paid into the
treasury of the New Lacuna Oil Company
of that place $50 each and have received
f>000 shares of stock of the par value of
$1 per share, and the first well will be
sunk with that money. The company has
leased 640 acres on the San Joaquln ranch,
near the ocean. Two other leases of land
have just been put on record in Orange
County. One of these was* of 140 acres,
adjoining 1 the mountain home of Mme.
Modjeska. The other is of 130 acres by
the Kern River Oil and Development Com
pany of San Francisco. There are no pro
ducing wells near these tracts.
The San Diego Union reports that "the
prediction is freely made that within
three weeks San Diego will see the big
gest oil excitement that has been known
in the State, where there have been many
oil excitements." The basis for this is
not given, but there is not a section where
prospecting is under way- that has not
been similarly enthusiastic. Here are
some of the oil enteroiises now In San
Diogo County: Monarch Oil Company,
down 20ft feet and working night and day;
Victoria Oil Company, to prospect at En
cinitas; San Jacinto Company, to bore at
Moreno; Oceanslde and San Luis Rey Oil
and Land Company, to acquire lands and
have them prospected for petroleum.
Others have previously been mentioned.
precincts of the Los Angeles OH Exchange
were invaded by "wildcat," or non-djvi
o>nd paying oil stocks, the sales of the
two classes of securities compared as
follows: lasted stocks, 3700 shares,
amount $1SS5; "wildcats," 8600 shares,
amount $309 25. On the same day the Cal
ifornia Exchange sold 11,750 shares in
"wildcats" for $1M5 HO. in addition to 3125
dividend sharps for $1S.W.
According to a dispatch from San
Diego, Captain J. J. Meyler. Government
engineer in that district, has expressed
the opinion that none of the oil claims
filed on the sea coast. In the absence of
a permit from the war Department, Is
legal. To bore a well in the ocean it is
necessary' to build a wharft Applications
for permission to build ' wharves have
been made and all such have been re
ferred to Captain Meyler to Investigate).
The prospectors for oil in the ocean ax»
la suspense In tho meantime.
When the Southern Pacific spur to the Kern
River field Is completed, and the railroad .eays
It will be done In sixty days, there Is going to
be a flood of oil put on the market, and nn
extensive revision In the production Ktatigtlcs
of the State will be In order. A tour of the
field mentioned shows hundreds of new derricks
up waiting for a rig. Nenrly all the older com
panies have quantities of oil stored tanging
from 500 to 2600 barrels, but they have found
that storage tanks are costly and they argue
that the oil Is as safe where it has lain for
centuries as it would be pumped, and therefore
pumping is delayed until transportation Is as
sured. :•-¦¦-
A test will be made for oil on the south
side of the Kern River on what is known
as Panorama Heights, facing the river
at the big bend in the bluff. Eighty acres
have been leased by Tim Spellacy, S.
Breckenridge, James H. Wood, A. G.
Newton and H. B. Chanly. They will put
up a standard rig at once. A strike south
of the Kern River would largely extend
the district, and the operations are ac
cordingly very Interesting to the opera
tors in the Kern River Held. The owners
of the land are T. E. Harding and H. A.
Bladget.
The following Is from the Kern Countv
Echo:
Fourteen hundred acres of the Brea
ranch, near Los Angeles, were recently
leased and the owner. Mr. Hancock of
Los Angeles, received. $14,000 for the lease
and also a. cash bonus.
rerlntendent W. I. Ross will continue in
charge.
Here are some accounts cf the products
of oil wells furnished on good authority-
One well in the Fullerton district has
produced 40.000 barrels of oil during the
past year; another well in the same dis
trict. 1200 feet deep, was full to the top
with 32 gravity oil before the pump began
to stir the sand, and a well beside it
filled and overflowed the casing when a
depth of 9fiO feet had been reached by tho
drill. There are many "gushers" and
several that have the record of throwing
oil over the derrick tops. There Is a well
one mile north of Plru City that threw
oil to the top of the derrick and is pro
ducing 100 barrels of oil per day. The
Ramona Company, which taJtes its name
from Helen Hunt Jackson's novel Is
drilling on the ranch which was the scene
of the story.
The Espee Makes the $3.00 Excur
sion Bate Open for the
Fair.
The Stockton Street Fair has gained an
other big point, so far as tho bay cities
are concerned. It was originally planned
by the railroad companies that the special
$3 round trip rate should prevail for one
day only. June 20, and then only on special
tra'lns, the remaining days of the fair to
enjoy only the general Fourth of July
rate, which is $3 35.
Now the Southern Pacific announces that
tho $3. rate will be practically open for
July 1. 2. 3 and 4, tickets good on all regu
lar trains and good for return July 5 or
before. '
GOOD FOR STOCKTON.
Names of Those Who Are Chosen to
Serve for the Ensuing
Terms.
Walhalla Rebekah Lodge has elected
the following named as Its officers for the
ensuing term: Mrs. Josephine Decrew,
noble grand; Miss Emma Grenniger, vice
grand; Miss Mary Hocking, recording sec
retary; Mrs. Tillie Laurance, financial
secretary, and Mrs. Julia Marks, treasur
er. These officers will 'be Installed on the
first Saturday night in July.
Hermann Lodgre No. 145 (German) I. O.
O. F. has elected the following named as
Its officers for the ensuing term: John
Kuehn, noble grand; Gustave Loeb, vice
grand; M. R. Jager, secretary (re-elect
ed); J. F. Breckwoldt, treasurer, and Emll
Krueger. trustee.
Darina Parlor of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West has elected the fol
lowing named as Its officers for the en
suing term: Jennie Creighton. P. P.: Em
ma D. Ralph. P.; Genevieve Carroll, Lela
Ziegler and Catherine McGough. V. Ps.;
Edith Brown, M.; Lucie E. Hammer
smith, R. S.: Hannah Bailey. F. S.; Mabel
Benjamin, T.; Evelyn Greenlln, O. §.;
Anna Geritchen, I. S.; Charlotte Teltjen,
O.; Dr. Florence Temple, physician; Em
ma Marks, Katie Barry- and Stadtagetter,
trustees.
Owing to some Informality in tho elec
tion held In California Rebekah Lodge re
cently another election was held with the
following result: Minnie Homeyer, N. G.;
Sadie G. Kahn. V. G.; Anna M. Lewis, R.
S. ; Mary A. Hawley, F. S.; Minnie Simon,
T.; Flora Bergman, trustee. These, and
the appointed officers, will be installed on
the 21st of July.
Las Lomas Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West has elected the
following officers for the ensuing term:
Blanche Conlin. P. P.; Miss Mattie Kar
ris, P.; Misses Marion Layton, Anna Lacy
and Lucie Relnke, V. Ps.: Miss Rosa Bell,
R. S.: Miss Emma Breiling. F. S.; Mes
dames Alice Drlscoll, Siddie P. Daggett
and Emma Schofleld, trustees; Miss Mary
Heigel, inside, and Miss Mary Harp, out
side sentinel; Dr. Louise B. Deal, phy-
The Society of Ex-PIacerltes has elected
the following officers for the current term:
George Johnston, P.; W. G. Graham, V.
P.; W. F. Norcross, R. S. (re-elected 29th
year); William Sexton. T. : John Currier.,
M.; Harry Streim. A. M.; Samuel W. Hol
lady, 0.; J. J. Applegate. J.; M. M. Blum,
M. D.; Robert Vandercook, F. D.
Court Golden West of the Foresters of
America has elected the following named
as its officers for the ensuing term: S.
Mnrcuse, C. R.; S. Bevy, S. C. R.; D.
Cohn. R. S.; George K. Stern. S. W.j I.
Kaskell, J. W.; Max Levy, S. B. ; George
Alexander, J. B. : George J. Stockwltz, or
ganist. These officers will be Installed at
the first meeting in July.
The Choppers' Friendship Club will on
the 13th of July Install the following
named officers who were elected last Fri
day night to serve for the ensuing term.
/The installation will to in Portola Hall
of the Native Sons' building: R. F. Gal
vln P.: William Carr. V. P.; F. IC Teeter,
j- ' R S. (re-electe«l 4th term); John
Bovle'T. (re-elected 5th term); William
Rlordan, C: M. H. Schefter, S., and T.
McKay, trustee. ¦< -¦ '¦ '¦¦_ '"¦ >;
Calaveras. the beauty parlor of the Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West, has
elected the following officers for the com
ing term: Miss Lizzie Wrede. P. P.; Miss
Lucille Frank. P.: A^ncss McVerry, Mrs.
Ryan Miss Garmes. V. Ps.: Emma Mul
ler M.; Sophie Struss, R. S. (re-elected);
Josie -Harlem, F. S.; Emma Bailey. T.;
Misses Mulhall, Le Clare and Lehman,
trustees; Louise Fisher, I. S. ; Mrs. Spell
man O S.; Dr. Mary Spretz. physician.
The 'officers will be installed on the third
Friday in July.
The following named have been elected
officers of Copa de Oro Parlor, N. D. G.
W of Holllstfr for the ensuing term: Mrs.
M." Hollingberry. P. P.: Mrs. M. Plratsky.
P.; Miss M. Kennedy, Mrs IC. Cochran and
Mrs. R. Johnson, vice presidents; Miss I.
Green. R. S.; Miss L. Week. F. S.; Mis3
B Maylar, T.; Mrs. L. O. Bannon, M.;
Mrs. B. Rlngot and Miss H. McKee, sen
tinels
FRATERNAL SOCIETIES
SELECT NEW OFFICERS
The members of the Supervisors' Print
ing Committee are of the opinion that a
combine existed among certain printing
concerns who bid for the municipal print
ing for the next fiscal year. It appears
that about 1 o'clock on Monday afternoon
representatives of the firms that had sub
mitted bids discovered that bids had been
filed by James H. Barry of the Star. As
soon as the discovery was made the bids
submitted by them were hastily with
drawn, and the committee believes that
new ones were submitted before 3 o clock,
the time when all bids were to have been
filed.
While the committee does not make any
accusation that a combination existed.
Supervisors Booth and Connor consider It
strange that the bids were withdrawn im
mediately after It was ascertained that
Barry was a bidder for a considerable por
tion of the printing. The other firms
whose bids were received were Phillips &
Smyth, Commercial Publishing Company,
Stanley, Taylor & Co., H A S. Crocker &
Co.. Frank Eastman & Co., Spalding &
Co. It Is alleged that some of these firms
withdrew their bids, but It Is not known
whether the new bids they submitted con
tained lower figures than those- In the
original bids. _, .
A noteworthy fact In connection with
the award of the printing contracts is that
Barry's bids were in nearly all cases the
lowest, and he was awarded at least <0
per cent of the contracts. It Is not thought
that any official investigation will be
made, as it would be difficult to prove that
any combination existed among the nrms
who temporarily withdrew their bids.
At the meeting of the committee yester
day afternoon the bids for lithographing
certain city maps and official records were
opened, and a startling discrepancy was
disclosed in the bids of the two bidders.
H. S. Crocker & Co. on nine Items bid $215,
while ' Phillips & Smyth bid $1614. The
committee was surprised at the difference
of J1369, though they were pleased that the
city was saved that muth money on ac
count of inviting bids for the printing.
Grattan Phillips, a member of the firm,
explained his high figure by stating that
the firm would be obliged to purchase the
stones necessary for the lithographing.
They understood that H. S. Crocker al
ready had the stones, and If they had
known the fact earlier they would not
have bid on the contract.
Certain Film* Withdrew Their Bids
and Substituted Others After V
Bival Has Submitted His
Figures.
Supervisors' Committee Be
lieves That One Was
Agreed Upon.
ALLEGE COMBINE
OF BIDDERS FOR
CITY PRINTING
Upon his own application duly approved, Ser-
Reant Harry B. Taylor, Company B, First In
fantry Regiment, has been transferred to Troop
A, cavalry. Second Brigade.
Major D. S. Dom, Judge advocate, Second
Brigade, N. G. C, has been directed to preside
at an election for captain and two lieutenants.
Company H, Fifth Infantry, Second Brigade.
N. G. C. vice F. W. Bush, H. L. Gunn and
G. A. Wright, terms expired.
Major J. A. Margo, commissary. Second Bri
gade. N. G. C. has been directed to preside at
an election for major. Fifth Infantry Regiment,
Second Brigade. N. G. C, vice L. \V. Juilliard,
term expired.
Sergeant James Talt. Company A, to be first
sergeant. Company A. Corporal Carl Cron,
Company A, to be sergeant. Company A. Mu
sician F. W, Peterson, Privates D. Strong and
A. M. Poulter. Company A, to be corporals.
Company A. Corporals Mnrtln Johansen and
F. B. Moulton. Company D. to be sergeants.
Company D. Privates Ludwlg- Johansen and
John Mahar, Company D. to be corporals, Com
pany D. Private W. A. Reed, Company E, to
be corporal. Company E. Privates A. W. Blake
ley and C. C. Kien. Company F. to be itergeants.
Company F. .Privates Dona Clark and Walter
Nordlund, Company F, tfc be corporals. Com
pany F. Corporal L. \V. Schroeder Jr., Com
pany G. to be sergeant. Company G. Private
C. P. Naber, Company G, to be corporal. Com
pany G.
The following changes on recommenda
tion of the respective company command
ers of the Fifth Infantry have been an
nounced:
Thirty men have for vfirfmis reasons
been discharged from the Fifth Infantry.
There has been a groat deal of activity
of late in Troop A of the Second Brigade.
Captain Jansen has Introduced a number
of Innovations for the betterment of the
troop and Its discipline, and the men have
taken a new interest In the work of that
body. Six men have been discharged from
the troop on account of removal and three
at expiration of term of " enlistment, but
these vacancies have been filled by new
men. The troop is making arrangements
for its anniversary ball, to be given In tho
armory next month.
There are now four vacancies in the cap
taincies of the First Infantry, In A. B and
I), Connolly, Kilmer and McCrelgh pro
moted majors, and in M by the promotion
of O'Neil as lieutenant colonel. Elections
wlil shortly be ordered. Harry F. McGur
ren will be a candidate in Company D
against Lieutenant "White.
In -Company K of the First Infantry
Captain Cunningham, being now captain
without protest. Is putting his company
In good shape. There have been a num
ber of recruits added and the following
changes will be asked for: Private F. N.
Turton to be made sergeant, and Privates
Walter E. Kemp. John H. Markham and
Charles J. Mund to be made corporals.
The application of the Fifth Infantry
for a regimental camp has not yet been
recognized. The men of that organization
a-e anxious to go Into camp, and would
like to do so before the grass is dried by
the heat of summer.
In the very near future there will be a
•change In the examining board of the
Second Brigade, which at this time la
composed of Lieutenant Colonel Hayes of
the Fifth Infantry, Major J. A. Margo,
commissary on the brigade staff, and Cap
tain Napthaly, aid on the brigade staff.
The First Infantry Is of the opinion that
It has been neglected, and that it ought
to have one of Its officers, who by reason
of war experience have become qualified
for the position, as a member of the ex
amining board. It Is said that In defer
ence to the wishes of that organization
somebody will be dropped from the pres
ent board to make way fstv a war veteran.
Colonel J. F. Burgln of the Governor's
staff has asked to be placed on the retired
list with the rank he now holds.
III. The commanding officer. Troop A, cav
alry, will report with his command to the grand
marshal for escort duty. He will communi
cate with grand marshal for time and place.
IV. Commanding officers. First Infantry
Regiment, and Signal Corps, will communicate
with crand marshal for hour and place of as
sembly.
II. The commanding officer of the Fifth In
fantry .Regiment , will Issue the proper orders
for the various companies of his command to
parade In the respective places of their loca
tion.
I. In compliance with law and orders from
superior headquarters the troops of this brigade,
excepting the Fifth Infantry, will parade In
this city Wednesday, July 4. 1900, in celebration
of the one hundred and twenty-fourth anniver
sary of American Independence. The Signal
Corps and Troop A (mounted) In full drees
uniform. First Regiment Infantry and band
in fatlcue uniform.
The approaching celebration of the
Fourth ot July has occupied the attention
of the offlcers of the National Guard of
California for the past week, and all have
been making arrangements for the turn
out on the nation's birthday anniversary.
The following orders for parade have been
issued from the headquarters of the Sec
ond Brigade:
Orders Issued for Parade on the
Fourth of July — Soldiers of th«
Fifth Anxious to Go Into
Camp.
First Regiment Wants One
of Second Brigade
Examiners.
SOME MEMBER
OF THE BOARD
TO BE DROPPED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 1900.
The trustees of the State Normal School
have re-elected S.'C. Denson chairman of
ihe board and Henry G. W. Dlnkelsplel
secretary. Trustees F. A. Hyde and W. G.
Jobson have been re-elected members of
the executive committee. President Den
son Trustee M. Cooney, Secretary Dln
kelsplel and President Burk of the San
Francisco Normal School will represent
that institution at the joint convention of
Normal School trustees, to be held In San
Jose in August.
Benson Was Elected Chairman.
The well informed physician will always
name Moet & Chanclon White Seal when
a patient seeks advice regarding the se
lection of a champapne.— United States
Health Reports, WashinKton, D. C. •
An Authoritative Statement.
19
-*-0-*-0-*-O-»0-*-O-»- O -•- O-*-O-*-O-*-O^-O-*'O-»'* «-0-*-O-*-0-*-O-*-0-*- O ••• O-»-O<-O-»-O-»-O-*-O-»-
o «
% i"j"j" fl"^'V" ".rui-—^^js*^^
? AN EXTRAORDINARY
I Black Dress Goods Sale
t We make a specialty of our Black Goods department, and have an Immense vart-
o ety of styles to select from. It will be worth your while to sea our line betor*
? purchasing- your black dress.
o Here are a few special snaps on sale thla week only at thes« price*.
* Black Homespun Suiting,
? 87 Inches wide, a srood fast color, extra heavy quality, very ¦erriceable for ©ut-
0 Ing skirts, eton suits, bicycle costumea. etc., usual price, Xc yard.
? Special price this week only 19c
1 MARKET STREET STORE ONT.T.
? Brack Iron Frame Alpaca.
1 Genuine Enrllsh make, from the celebrated mills of A. "Walker Co.. Bradford.
q England. Very lustrous silky finish, warranted a perfect fast black, fully al
a Inches wide.
? The latest fad for shirt waists, underskirts, bathln* «alts and traveling dresses.
;£ Usual price $1 23 yard.
0 special price this week only 69c
? MARKET STREET STORE ONLT.
5 Black Venetian Cloth,
o Strictly all-wool, perfect dye and finish. 62 Inches -wiae. Just the proper thing
? for a neat little Jacket, suit, short walking skirts, etc. TJsaal price Kc per yard.
? special price this week only 50c yard
| EXTRA SPECIAL EXTRA
o* Black Figured Mohair.
? A splendid material for shirt waists, separate skirts, etc: will shed the dust
" nicely; a serviceable fast black color; the newest styles In srsall neat flBureU
? effects; very lustrous finish; 42 Inches wldo; usual price 60e yard.
1 special price this week only 29c yard
o MARKET STREET STORE OXLT.
? As the quantity of theae specials Is limited we woold atfrise an early call to arcld
O disappointment. Mail orders Hlled if received In time; no samples.
4 - WE WILL ALSO PLACE OX SALE ABOUT 100 REMNANTS OF BLACK SILK
O CREPONS IN' LENGTHS FROM 8V4 TO 6 YARDS AT ABOUT HALF THEUt REG-
4 ULAR PRICEa
1 French Percale,
0 86 Inches wide, light and medium colors; all the latest stripes; regular pries, 10c
1 per yard.
o special 6 l-2cyard
? MARKET STREET STORE ONLY.
? Scotch Ginghams,
9 In checks and stripes, light, medium and dark colors: the regular 10c grade,
6 special at 6 l-4c per yard
? MARKET STREET STORE ONLY.
5 Changeable Silks,
o For waists, skirts and trimminc purposes, in oMt» and red. pink and rreen. navy
4 and brown, cardinal and sold, pur pie and black, navy and red. new blue and
o " clear! n£ out price 2oc per yard
4 MARKET STREET STORE ONLY.
° Our Illustrated bulletin of ready-made Roods sent fre« oX charge on application.
1 KOKLBERG, STRAUSS & FROWN,
1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
o
o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-«-o -s- o -•-o-»-o-»'O-«-o-»-o-» o-»-o-»-o-«-o-*-o-«-o-»-o ? o-«'©-«-o-*-o-«-o-*-
¦ ¦ ¦'¦"?'
?• ¦ " - - ,- **-*\ fSy- -A e are se lM n fi? J us * now enor- o
"X Hf /fly^s^^ c«r»S5\ k er e- And we sell for cash only — >
? QS— £) *-~^~~ niff Cnrnifiipa Cvnn*U: AM oi a~ vsggg) give no time — no discounts — no "ex- o
o Big rUrnitUre tXpOSmOn Bldg, tras" of any sort, and yet so very £
2 BLOCK: I6TH STREET, FROM MISSION TO CAPP. r^S'nK J
o DO grant time — and discounts and o
o * other alleged "inducements." £
+ Now things do not "just happen" nowadays. There must he a reason— there IS a reason— +
o and the rea sen is a GOOD reason— PBICE! Read the following offers for this week— you will have rea- °
O sons of your own to come here, too! • q
o -t-
? -rf^llili^ lw^^^ pi Til f|pi|CQ W**"-"""^*" 0 f) "*"
° ilPifiiPr II HI «* FREE— "That Honey- y\\\ 1 1 III.'/// 1 °
° iJml 1 SPfl 6 Saving Book." Our Hand- H|!j \\ Will 1 1 +
0 ¦Llvli 11 WM S somely Illustrated Cata- yUpJjLjj J hi jl °
? r-^Jz^? 11 %$*$ (9 log-ue of Household and j <d£!J£— | L jjj[||M I o
° ; igrrj. ' ' V**»w^ K52?^33?&.**r-- Office Furniture and — LJj W^*^'~2 I +
? >5=i=^IJ§b Kindred Wares, sent free, *f^!SSSkw - J-i " °
? II JTT/ B 11 I 8 sands of article3 neces - ffijj Mrffil S^E^I^i// *
? vJ \ hJ ei 0 II M H sai 7 *° every home, : '*' t u vnl- %
I t( M 1 w hich we sell at Retail at j - r „ I y^Jr °
? Ilovr 1- thl. for m DintafS Chair, pi- Mail . "^ PeCeive Cne Seat I>lnln« +
+- fc »ffh-cja«» diner? Frame- polUhed The box P 1 " 01^ attention. - chair, finished In cold- N,,r»e'« or Sevrlnf? .+
SiS&ITSSSS StKS^oS Your money hack and « <£^ £*„£_• b*S n,.- ot %
•?- le upholstered In genuine <3e .i— e o n etructlon " gTOOas are DOt tO yOUT base unusually strong, and lower slats, thus «-»|
1 f %^Z%rZ anitaUh. «* f «£ entire satisfaction. - m av »* £ f , E g RgSRS %
o genuine leather. That »ng less than a high Parlor Furniture reup- beins bound together s ,° ' "L L onfe more 4.
this Is an exceptional of- class chair. To those . ,„«.„,.,„, ortA fl«<«=V»^ by two rungs-we have «lntlnglj and ° n " m , ,?
•?¦ ter soee desirine a «ood chair holstered and finished. a carload of this par- beg leave to btate that it o
O without fur- fc"C "It at an exceptionally low Estimates furnished. ticular chair and they Is not a bait or eaten. _^
+ Sgi^S OUlZU Th r -. 8 yi 00 /If! Store open Saturday Si&^SR QCp V?uZ«*& 0| Ot $
° A !!! 1 ... Cha !. r ..! o ... m .#7!^o. b& .?^.:: O/it'u evenings till 10 o'clock. a v t e . ek ...°°. 1^ wwu ! e . r ..v.v::::: OliZJ o
0 —~ "~ ~~~ — ~~~~ "~~^—~" ¦"^~~~~ '. — mm^ °
O j^ very neat and trim Extension +
t «?rf"*TSbll™qii?"* ""d'Ek^flV- A T,rr recent pattern of D.nln B Table of quarter-awed oaK. The legs are o
0 lshed golden. It Is of unusually large size. Table— The legs are of a very unusual pat- of a taperlne rattern and are S inches in -r
•4- the top b*ingr 5> inches square and the extra tern _ t h e top Is of quarter-sawed oak, fln- diameter. The sides of top are molded In a O
° 5SS^ n^TV i arrl l j rron b 't 1 h? I^lVUpl- l»hed *old« -»«» PoM-h-d. stylish fashion. Top measures 45x45 lnch«. +
? daily worthy of notice as ft|ft __ The sizes ranee from 6 to £) j ft Prt 5?£5? the whole'sale^auoU- Od >7K +
i K^«K?s3i vrjsz SI9.75 io feet - Price> 6 - foot elze - $ 3.50 ov.lo $
o rrtce, 5 feet WlWl I W w ¦ w ¦ w «
Each RiMIKnii.il 2 ft.. l"t2.7O extra. Knrli additional 2 ft., 92.23 extra. Encli nddttlonnl 2 ft., $2.25 extra.
o ; o
: ICWfL^ Macfe-up Carpet Rugs A. !
l|^^) There are rugs in various grades— velvets, Brussels, etc. Sl( rHlln t^~— o
'tnl^'fAl' 1 !•' I — and at such prices are especially attractive for board- f*9&^k'§J \frpp£> ¦4-1
? f Vi izJ \ ? \ ing - houses, apartment houses, and the economical jlv^fv 1 li °<
o | JlJlgS^S, jj A home - furnisher. Three great lots of them all. j • IV "*"
i iHEp§i( io- 00^- 513 b- 00^" 0 illll l^^w !
"?"¦ '. H / elze, ahout P.3xT>.6. sizes sbout $.3x12. Flzea about 9.4x12.8. ||N . i TySfr UJ~*^^*^\\ °
? | > «| I / '7^C fnr the DOc nll-nonl Incrnln« — Laree ajjsortment of fl tn B / ~T
_ I I C Ow jiattPrns and olorir.ps. I Pi . Ml Y
? I [ OSIr» ynrd for 91.2." odd velvet ntnlr carpet— Three-quar- v jl "NlJ 1/ q
/ *7 c/Ow ters of a vard wide, all full pieces— patterns the mills will not fll J
*\v- make airaln. Something .\te 15 rolls — for runners down long-, narrow -«^jU o I
ML ' halls, Ftairs in flat buil.lin£B. etc . " j
? Fnnrr Arm Chair, onr ' - >lr] o
O cwn ir.ske and ruarar.teed. — rf».»i» .i.n -f
The fr« m * i. of thoroughly o/ nrnnoTinM nil S"l A ™k. ift»! " ©
pesFoned Mrch flnlehed ma- " I U XJ ' K t" I I I l¥ lIN birch, mahogany richly polish- ?
J hc g ar.y and h*h* poshed] Id /O ntUUUIlUN Ul^ e^.^The sprin^eat up- o
>-¦ It ha* full Fprlng wat uphol- t tapeFtr>-. The back is also 0
3 <-r-.r ,- velouri or tar-f-Ftry— r» f» n M &1 C3Jk B" B B B% Q H B *"*" B 3 H^ D 3 elmilnriy upholstered. V.'<s 4-
? «-*H.n.de chair \U IK Q flllbWBl B %3i IB 1 1 I Vllfatf urday. Price fh 1 11- 3 U °
O throutfaout for- t{)U. I J H/lUlUU
I Curtain and Upholstery Prices ESS,*. I
? Our exceptionally attractive display of new up-to-date stylish, reliable o
° curtains, draperies, etc. To-morrow a good day for choosing. mjS S M o
O ,. nffl , d MnMIn Cortalnn — Thw< are 1 Rope Portlerw- 7 feet wide, adjustable, of U M fife +
? Kn.l.roJderod Mn^lln Cnrtnln*-*' pair: Fr ,. n< .j, \>ionr"Portler(>V-Double faced Er^ZWF^/fii. \\ t.
O r^f gnn^t, Trorth fmm Jl 90 to tS C1 4-K and finest quality figured and rlaln cen- P' f - 7<a *»»aJ& °
¦?- pair. Price. r>air T^» ¦•»«-»¦ ters— *40 portieres. Pair *?»27 ® i =^ S ™^^^ C *^M
? L^nW^rSS^SSSS^^gS notl^rrK^fh^e^hel^pla.n n'e" -o 1 ® ,$
O *or-h^3 i^.d $T^ale p^ ... <S4.5O BtylUS and high priced at pre«ent. all 9 . q
O »or.h w «M .ai.paiT- . w1dth»-4S Inches wide— »0c quality. O (\~ V
? ne«l Marie Antoinette, nattenberr: y ard OUt Pnrlor Tnlile of MnhoRnnv X.
end Arnblnn ,< urtalni-Th^i-e are thf French Denim*— While most have advanced or selected golden oak. The lees afe °
¦? ersndest jroodB pver fhown in th.s or any thf , lr ., rlcw to joe, our price. ICZs* 2>4 Inches thick and the feet are -f
O other town for the mo P* y -* h^ y _J are _ e^~ >-ard '"v solid polished brass claws holding O
. pant— a lot of US curtains. C I f| r^O "»•»«" Hodn— Vi-lnoh Extension VestI- t^c three-Inch solid glass balls. The top ¦+.
jT Pair *4j»v-r»*^v hule ones, romplete— the lto kind. Each t»W If heavy, nicely shaped and superbly q
1 TnnfKlrj- Porllerew-Wlde. lrrs and heav- Oil Opniiuc Shnde«— 3x7 feet size, on polished. Size of top 27x27 Inches. Y
T Uj- fHnpei. r»f reversible fine tap- CO T&Z. I warranted fixtures— all colors— the 60c Off /* This table la a marvel C £* CkES T
° «»!.fry. all c:lor»— 12 50rood«. Pair tj>^i« t O ) grade. Kach OO^ at the money ?>1>b"o O
I t^TAll Roads Lead. to PATTOSIEN'S, ¦J^sSit* "^^ |
Oo-fo-fo4o4 o -f o -f o -f o4o4o4-o-fo-f o-fo-fo-f o<f o 4 o 4- o -f o-f o-f o-f o-f o-f o-f o-f o4o-f o -f o -f o 4 o-f 04-o-f o-f o4O
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
Practical outfit, wlth ; tripod, for J1.85; cost
{3 35. Backus Studio. 11 Geary, photographers.*
SAFEST AND BEST INVESTMENT BEFORE THE PUBLIC TO-DAY.
PEOPLE'S MUTUAL TELEPHONE COMPANY,
CAPITAL STOCK $5,000,000. 5O.OOO SHARES OF $IOO EACH.
Is tho owner of the most valuable Telephone Franchise In th©
United States.
Has 35OO contracts for use of Its telephones.
Has assured net Income of over $100,000 a year.
CIVES city FREE telephone* arjd switching In all clcy offices; FREE Fire
and Police Departmeot wire*.
CIVES city telephorje users $2,000,000—20.000 sharis of Its stocR for using Its
phones.
Charges lower rates than Bell Con>pany.
Will pay 10 per cent dividends on Its stock If supported by telephone users.
GUARANTEES tnat no assessment will ever b? levied on Its stock.
WU1 keep njllllons of dollars In California that now go to Eastern capitalists.
ONLY ¦ 5O0O SHARES for sale, for construction purposss, at $25 03 a share.
payable In-rnonttyy Installments of $5-00. Last day lor subscription Juq*
30. 1900
Full Information furnished on application to
PEOPLE'S MUTUAL TELEPHONE COMPANY,
206 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
We are head- jfeKfe^
July Decora- •
Reclining Chairs. tjnrK ts *
-: ., * .. - UU11O. Cross L Folding
Adjustable Rechrung Cot $I 2 -
Chairs, canvas cov- Blllltlll^, Canvas Army Folding
ered • *9 C ° 7 Cot $2.25
Same with foot rest... rlflPS Mattresses from $1.25
? I2 3 * f ' . up-
Same with arms and rBSlOOfllllir. t^ f «? t u
foot rest $1.69 * w iuuulII 6> Folding Tables.
Hardwood adjustable RlbbOflS Solid Oak, nicely var-
reclining chah-s, var- ? nished.. $1.97 to $3.00
nished, fancy canvas. HAfl<r@C FfC Portable Folding Bath-
$1 25 lWlUgCS, Lit. tubg {or children and
Same with arms.^1.65 BaaHaBBBaBBBOBa^M adults.
HAMMOCK SPECIALS.
COTTON HAMMOCK with spreader. Jacquard design, linen finish. 73 lnch«i.
long 50c
Same In fancy colors COc
Same, with extra short spreader at foot .........?.. ...... S7c
Same, with pillow or valance on sides 08c
Same, with pillow and valance on sides flA"i
COTTON HAMMOCK, with spreader, canvas weave, linen finish. 80 inches long. $1. 2,1
Same, with pillow, Jacquard design $1.«3
Same, with pillow and wide valance $2.5O
Full Color, EXTRA WIDE HAMMOCK, with pillow and wide valance $2.23
Same, without valance $1.50
PLAIN CANVAS HAMMOCKS, extra strong $1.30
Other styles and designs *2.T5 to $7.30
TENTS.
Let us give yon a tlgxm on TENTS. The best goods at cat prices.
FLAGS. JAPANESE LANTERNS, BUNTING. FESTOONING, tta. for decorat-
ing. Assortment large and PRICES RIGHT.
CAMPING AND LAWN CHAIRS.
CANVAS- CAMP STOOLS (good and itron?) 20c
Same, with back 33c
GOLD MEDAL CAMP STOOLS -*7c
Same, with back • — t* 5 **
WOOD FOLDING CHAIRS, with back (children's size) *7c
Same, with back (full alze) • 0So
[^
818-820 Market St., San Francisco.
Mall Orders rilled Promptly.in Mokelumne River.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANGELS CAMP, June 23.— A now min
ing company has been formed at this place
for the purpose of dredging in tho Mokel
umne RJver near vtie Jackson bridge. The
company is known aa the Angels Subma
rine Mining Company, with W. A. Clark
and Thomas Coiepan at th« head of the
concern.
The bed of the river Is known to be very
Mining Company Formed to Operate
WILJj DREDGE FOB. GOI»D.
ter General Lufiingtati received word to
day of the departure of the transport Mc-
Pherson from Manzanilla. Cuba, with 250
Cuban teachors, bound for Boston by way
of the eastern ports of Cuba. This move,
meat marks the beginning of the gen
eral movement of 500 teachers, going from
Cuba to Boston, where they are to re
ceive a general course of instruction dur
ing the summer under the auspices of
Harvard University.
»
Judge Warren Bead.
ALBUQUERQUE. X. Mex., June 23.—
Judge Henry L. Warren, one of the best
known lawyers of the Southwest, Is dead.
Before coming to New Mexico he was
Chief Justice of Montana. He was born
In Quincy. 111.. In 1S37. and his remains
will be shipped to that city for interment.
Bringing Cuban Teachers.
WASHINGTON. June 23. — Quartermas
NEW ORLEANS. June 23.— Mrs. Jo
eephine Coatcs, mother of Mrs. Sallle
Otts of this city, was criminally assaulted
pnd brutally murdered yesterday In her
residence in an isolated neighborhood on
the Tlckfaw River, near Springfield, in
UvtiiKfton parish. She was 60 years of
age and reputed to have considerable
money about her place. Frank Gllmore,
a white man. who lived about two miles
from her house, was caught in the house.
His captors said he had been ransacking
the place. Gilmore claimed he had come
to see about some plowing the eld lady
wanted done.
About twenty-five or thirty men gath.
cred later in the evening and took Gll
more out into the woods. Gllmore was
lynched by the mob after he had con
fessed the crime. He was first strung to
a beach tree limb. The branch broke and
the mob riddled his body with bullets
before he could arise from the gro'und.
A hole was dug under the tree, Gil
tnore's body was tumbled Into it and the
mob dispersed.
fessed.
After the Criminal Had Con-
Murder cf an Ag«d Woman Avenged
WHITE MAN LYNCHED
•BY A LOUISIANA MOB
Mullett and Fitzharris, the "Irish
Invincibles," Deported From
New York.
NEW YORK. June 23.^Joseph Mullett
and James Fitzharris, the Irishmen who
eerved sentences in an English prison for
complicity In the Phoenix Park murders
and who arrived at this port on May 27
last, were deported by the Cunard steam
f hip. Servia. which Failed at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. After the men reached this
country rtiey went before the Board oi
Special Inquiry at the barge office and de
clared that they were imprisoned for a
political offense, and. being political pris
oners, were entitled to land in this coun
try and to enter. The Board of Special
Inquiry found they were persons of moral
turpitude and ordered their deportation.
They appealed the case to the Treasury
Department at Washington and th»
Treasury Department declared that the>
had been convicted of a murder, and that
they were not political prisoners.
Mullett and Kitzharris were locked up
!n the steerage hospital of the Servia,
according to custom, but they broke down
the door and Fitzharris, sticking out his
head and in a frightful rage, yelled:
••Stop, you Britishers: You are worse
than the Americans: We are not prison.
ers'."
Friends Interposed and the men were
given the liberty of the deck until the
vessel got away.
WERE NOT PERMITTED
TO LAND IN AMERICA
He was unable to fill a date at Helena
end Manager Appleton had to forfeit
HdtK) for canceling the date. The phyei
rian who attended Mr. Goodwin says the
ector was at no time in a dangerous con
2ition, but members of the company and
Miss Elliott were seriously alarmed and
fears were expressed for his life. He ¦was
still in bad shape when they left this aft
ernoon for Duluth, where the company is
booked to play Monday night. Members
of the company also started a report that
Mrs. Goodwin was contemplating leaving
Mr. Goodwin.
After the performance, in order to get
tome needed rest and to quiet his nerves,
Mr. Goodwin took a dose of morphine,
but not getting the desired result a doc
tor was summoned, and he, not knowing
that morphine had already been admin
.stered, grave him another dose of the
irugr. The result soon became alarmingly
evident, and from that time until late this
morning the physician worked with the
ictor before he sucei-ded in bringing him
»ut of ttie lethargic state to •which he had
succumbed. Shower baths, violent exer
:iso and othor methods were resorted to.
BUTTE. Jlont.. June 23.— An accidental
iverdose of morphine administered to Nat
C. Goodwin, the actor, who has been in
Butte with his company since Wednes-
Say, for a time caused much alarm to
bis wife and other members of the com
pany, as well as to the physician who
attended him. He had almost fully re
sovered from the effect of it this after
noon, however, and with Ills company
<eft for the East. Mr. Goodwin suffered
from the high altitude and the sociall
ftility of friends he met In Butte and was
cot in condition to play Thursday even
ing, though he did go on with the per
formance several hours after the time for
the curtain to rise. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
£jfter Several Hours' Hard "Work He
Was Awakened From His Stupor
and Proceeded on His
Journey.
Oouble Dose of the Drug
Administered the Actor
at Butte.
MORPHINE WAS
ALMOST FATAL
TO NAT GOODWIN
Several papers this week printed long
articles alleging that London is overrun
with gangs of American swindlers. Col
onel Sir Edward Bradford, the Commis-
Fioner of Police of the metropolis, said
in an interview: ';-¦ : •-¦
"It is absolutely untrue. I suppose
there are American swindlers, just as
there are English, German and every
other kind of swindlers. But to say that
American swindlers predominate is a libel
on one of London's class of visitors."
Colonel Can' Sanger. United States
army who is collecting facts regarding
the South African war for the United
States "War Department, Is completing his
report on Great Britain's volunteer or
ganization while Colonel Samuel S. Sum
ner the military attache of the United
States Embassy here, is preparing to
leave and hoping to go to China, Colonel
Sanger entertained this week at dinner
Lord Wolseley, commander in chief of the
British forces; George Wyndham, Par
liamentary Secretary of the British War
Ofllce- Joseph II. Choate, the American
Embassador, and other prominent per
sons. Colonel Sanger believes he has seen
much which may be useful to the Amer
ican volunteer service.
When Hertford House Is opened to the
public on June 25 London will have be
come possessed of one of the finest col
lections of pictures and curios in the
world They were secured by three Mar
quises of Hertford ana were left by Sir
Richard Wallace, whose widow be
queathed them to the Hertford
Iloufe has been bought and is now added
to the capital's great sights, though it
took the committee, which Included Lord
Rosebery and Lord Rothschild, two years
to arrange the works of art.
The most interesting theatrical news is
the engagement of Gertrude Elliott as
leading lady by Forbes Robertson for his
American tour. Miss Elliott, who came
to England a few years ago as companion
to her sister, Maxine, has made rapid
strides in her profession. The Chronicle
"She Is an almost new and certainly
delightful type of the ingenue. Her pos
sibilities are obvious and it will be inter
esting to see what she can do as Ophelia
or Desdemona."
American Swindlers Abroad.
Great Britain's army in South Africa is
elowlv accomplishing the work of pacifi
cation. The smoldering embers of what
was once fierce resistance occasionally
flare up, but the hard lighting seems to
be over. The military progress in the
Transvaal is scarcely more interesting
now than the events in the Orange River
Colonv during the last two months. The
Transvaal annexation proclamation is ex
pected soon.
Almost all reports Indicate that the
Boers are rapidly realizing the futility of
a further struggle when opposed to such
an overwhelming force.
One of the most noticeable features of
the week in South Africa was Lord Rob
erts' abandonment of humane measures
toward the Boers, which he had so long
persisted in despite the criticism of the
British colonists and many officers. The
stern vengeance that now will be visited
not only on those who give the Boers
passive assistance, but on those who after
surrendering fail to assist the British
arms, favors more of General Kitchener
than of "Bobs." ¦ <•' ;•.
KumassI still awaits relief. Governor
Hodgson is expected to hold out, but even
after the siege ends little can be done to
subdue the natives until the rains are
over. In December a punitive expedition,
¦with a corps -of white troops, probably
will be sent. The mortality among the
officers of Colonel Willcock's staff shows
'how useless it would be to Bend many
white troops until then.
The Khedive's unfortunate Illness has
robbed London of much of the expected
festivities, and In some respects has made
the visit somewhat of a fizzle. Some such
stimulus to trade is badly needed as in
spite of the efforts of the royalties the
season is dull in the extreme.
The course of lectures being delivered by
ex-Mayor Josiah Quincy of Boston be
fore the London School of Economics and
Political Science Is well attended.
Hard Fighting Is Over.
The death of Count iluravleft, the Rus
sian Minister of Foreign Affairs, evoked
no canting obituaries or expressions of
regret here for the British press, in spite of
equanimity of the foreign Office, was
una-nimous in realizing the gravity of the
present turn of aftairs. To quote a staid
and humane weekly, "the death of Rus
sia's Minister removes an obstacle to the
cordiality between Russia and Kngland,"
and, though this summarizes the com
ment of the leading papers, there is little
hope expressed that Russia's aggressive
policy toward China will be muen modi
ried. Apart from the material view of
the result of Count Muravieff's death, it
is generally referred to as one of the
most pathetic happenings in political ca
reers, for, according to the dead man's
critics, he seemed, owing to the crisis In
China, on the verge of accomplishing the
object to which he had devoted his iife.
Lord Loch's death, almost coinciding
with Count Muravieff's? also removes one
whose name was much connected with
matters in the Far East- Before he be
came a colonial governor, Lord Loch as
sisted In the negotiations which resulted
in the treaty of Tientsin in 1SG0, and es
caped execution at the hands of the Chi
nese empire only by fifteen minutes'
grace. Like Muravieff, he was struck
down when the dream of his lifetime
seemed about to be realized. In his case
it was British federation over the whole
of South Africa.
Lord Salisbury's entreaty this week to
the missionaries not to have themselves
murdered is one more instance of his un
common frankness, or, as it is referred to,
"his thinking aloud phase." Among the
secular press the Premier's remarks will
meet the approbation of their sound com
mon sense, but it will not add church
votes to the Conservative party at the
next general election, which, by the way,
is still further postponed on account of
the/Chinese trouble.
Muravieff Was England's Foe.
Spion Kop, Paardeburg and Colenso
sink into insignificance compared with the
spectacle presented by the land and sea
forces of the six great powers in the
world fighting side by side against a com
mon enemy. With a keen sense of the
relative proportion of things Great Brit
ain quickly turned her eyes to China, not
so much, perhaps, on immediate develop
ments as upon the possibility of tn*
epoch-making war or wars which may
arise out of the present crisis.
LONDON, June 23. — Never at any time
In her history has Great Britain been in
volved in so many diverse issues that
vitally affect the future of her empire.
And. though there are still at stake in
South Africa military', territorial ana
financial considerations that In their mag
nitude have scarcely been exceeded dur
ing the century. Great Britain is no ex
ception to the rest of Europe In being
wrought up to a pitch of Intense anxiety
and anticipation, to the exclusion of every
other topic, by the drama, now being en
acted In the Far East. In the excitement
of the moment the relief of Mafekinh
seems a little thing compared with the
relief of Vice Admiral Seymour and the
international forces. .
Copyrighted. 1900. by the Associated Press.
Realise the Possibility That Epoch-
Making War May Arise Out
of the Present
Crisis.
Britons "Watching Anxiously
Progress of Events
in China.
ALL INTEREST
NOW CENTERS IN
TIE FAR EAST
HIGHWAYMAN
IS FOILED BY A
PLUCKY WOMAN
Mrs; Taylor of Lodi Uses
a Whip on Her As
sailant.
Man Is Frightened Away by an. Ap-
proaching Team and -Officers Are
How Scouring the Country
for Him.
L0DI, June 23.— Mrs. Annie Taylor, a*
determined little woman, who owns large
land interests near Lodi, frustrated the
designs of a masked highwayman last
evening In a most emphatic way. , She
was driving toward home when a man
stepped out from a clump of bushes at
the roadside, seized the horse by the
bridle, and, leveling a revoler, demanded
her money at the cost of her life.
Her answer came in a number of sharp
cuts with a buggy-whip across the hign
wayxnan's face. He tenaciously clung to
the lines with one hand and with the
other attempted to drag Mrs. Taylor
from the buggy. The sound of an ap
proaching ¦wagon and tbo lady's scneams
finally frightened the r^Ser away.
In the struggle Mrs. Taylor dropped
from her wrist Into the road a handbag
containing a purse with considerable
money. It was found where she had
dropped it at 3 o'clock this morning and
returned to her. Officers are scouring the
country for the highwayman.
Accidentally Shot Himself.
HALFMOON BAY, June 23.— George
Debenetta, son of the Supervisor, acci
dentally shot himself through the hand
with a pistol this afternoon. He will
probably lose the member.
rich In gold, and diving belle will be used
to exploit the river. All the machinery
has been ordered and will be brought from
the East. This method of extracting gold
from the rivers Is a novel scheme and will
be watched with great Interest by mining
men. *--• - ;¦'**¦¦' :
SANTA FE BOYCOTTED
BY HANFORD CITIZENS
New Road 3>enounced for Running
Its Overland Trains via
Visalia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HANFORD, June 23.— A monster masa
meeting was held to-night to protest
against the Santa Fe running overland
trains via VlsaJla, giving Ha.nford only a
locai train. The meeting was addressed
by leading business men and shippers,
who denounced the railroad In vigorous
language and strong resolutions were
adopted against the railroad! Business
men and fruit shippers declare they will
not ship a pound of freight by or patron
ize the Valley passenger trains unless the
decision to run all overland traffic via
Visalla is rescinded. '
The meeting- was the largest and most
enthusiastic ever held here. The route
via Vlsalia is twenty-three miles farther
to San Krancisco than via Hanford and
runs through no more populous or fruit
ful country. When the Valley road was
first proposed Kings County people work,
ed hard, to secure right of way not only
through their own but in other sections,
and since the completion of the road more
freight and passengers have gone out ot
Hanford than any town In the valley ex
cepting Fresno. Now that the Valley
road has been absorbed the people here
are hot at being wiped off the map en
tirely and their large shipping and pas
senger business relegated to "jerk water"
service. This city is on the main line and
the shortest route between Mohave and
San Francisco. Its citizens are deter
mined to make a desperate effort to force
the Santa Fe to furnish adequate service
for the needs of the town.
Without Hanford the business division
from Fresno to Bakersfleld would hardly
pay expenses. The vigorous boycott
which the action of to-night's meeting
makes probable will have a good effect
within a few days. This is the busy sea
son here. Fruit and- grain crops are be
ing .handled and the amount of freight
shipped is something enormous. The
Santa Fe loses all this trade. The situa
tion is delightful to the Southern Pacific
officials, who now gather where they did
not sow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 1900.
20
CHEAP
On July 12 and 20. and August 4th. tickets
from Denver, Colorado Springs, Pueblo to Cchl-
cafro, St. Loul3 and Intermediate points, and re-
turn, will be sold by the
GREAT
ROCK ISLAND
ROUTE
At Rate or-r^—
One Regular Fare Plus $2-00 for Round Trip.
Return Limit October 31, 1000.
SPECIAL TRAINS.
ONE NIGITT OUT TO CHICAGO. Tickets also
grood on rejjular tralrp.
ONLY DI^HCT LINE FROM COLORADO
SPRINGS AND MANITOU.
Take advantage of these cheap rates and
spend your vacation In your old homes. Sleep-
ing Car Reservations may be made now for any
of the excursions. Write for full Information.
CLINTON JONES. O. A., San Francisco, Cal.
E.-W. THOMPSON,. A. G. P. A.. Topeka, Kan.
JOHN SEBASTIAN, G. P. A.. Chicago.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC KAIL WAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WKEK DAYS. ...9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2:30 p. ra.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return, <1 *0.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
(WITTBBnM PACIFIC COUVA9TU
(PAOiriO SVHTEM.)
Trains !••»»• i«m«i »r«» Um» t» artt*t »•
NAN rillStlMO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
lkavi « — Fr.ou Mat 13. 1900. — »m»l"m
•7:011a BenicU. Suiiun, Elwlra. VaearlOa,
Kumsey an J Sacramento *7 s4 3#
•":00a Shmta Kzorsu-DftTls, \V\Ularns (fof
Bartlett Sprioci), Willows, KeJ
BiuS. PonltmL *7i4ia»
•7i!S9a Martinez. Sail llttnon, Vallejo. Nap%,
Calintf5n»r,(is»n'» Rota *0il3r
•S:OOa DarU, Woodltod. Knight* Laodior.
M*rj»Tille. Oroilllr.. •7i*3t
•SiOO* Atlantis Kzpresa- Osden and East a llt48«
• »i:s«a 8*ii .lone. LiTermore. Htockkon.
lone, Hacrkinetito, rUoiTTlllo,
MutyjfUln. Chlco. Uedltluff *4il9r
•(IiSOa Oakdalo. Chlaes* (for YosemiteX
H jnor* Cs>rten. MilSr
•OiOOa H»j wartls, N lira and W»y Rutions. *1 Ii-I3a
*1>:OUa Los Angles Express — Martlnos,
Tracy, Lutbrop, « look ton, Merced
and Kreano •0:*3f
•9:M» Vallfjn. MarttnAz ami War Stations »di*3r
• IO:OOa The OTetlaml Limited— Osden. Deo*
»er, Omaha. Chicago *Oil3r
•I I:OOa Niles, l.trsrinAre, huKikton. Sacra*
meutn. Mendcta. 11 anford, VUalla,
Pcrtertlll. , Mil.ir
¦I«:OOm tlsywMili. Nilrs and Way Buttons. •*>43r
il:OS)p Sacrmnento lti«*r Hteimers t5iO»A
•;i:Ofip II&TW£rds. Nlles ahd Way Buttons. *9s43r
•litxip Mnrtiiif >., Han lUmon, Vallejo,
Nap*. «.'alUt.<>»». Santa Itosa *0ilt>jt
MiOOr B«nleia, Winten, Baoramanto^
Wcoilland, Knlghta l^aodUe.
Marystlll*, Or>tllli» •! O:«t 4
MiSOr N:ie3,Hau JimeandSkocliton *?iISy
•3:OOrTlia Onl I.iu;!t«J— True?. Fresao.
lUker«0-l<l. f-atigus far Ejanta Bar-
bara. Ix>s Ancelen ••r49 a
•S:OOp Fre*»o rassenjer— Mtrttaes, L%th-
ror>. rSt6ekt«a. M.Vce<i. Berenda
(iuymond for YwcraUo). Kreauo.. *1SiISv
•3:3OrNotr )rlraor Express-liaVriatieM.
.Santa Barbara, lxm Angpieii. Dem-
Ids. Kl Taao. New Orleans and
Kaat t »i*3t
•SiSBr HanM F« Itoute— Atlanllo Express
for Mojftt* ami Kn%i "nttrir
•OtOOp Ray warils, Nlles and ftao Jo*i *7i !.-»»
fOiOOF Vafleln *l Si: Hr
•f.iO«r Oriental Mall— Ogden. Che7eDn#,
Omaha. Cblcagn •lliOi
•fl:AOr Oriantal Mail— Ogden. Denver.
Omaha. Chicago *4ilSv
t7iOOr Vsllejn. Porl Coot* and Way Sta-
tions l»!31r
•HiO3p Oregon Hud California Kxprms.Mao-
tainenti>. Marj»iil!«. i(«<Mlnf.
l-iwtiaii.1. IMgot .H.......1 a».l Kaat •gtl»A
COAST UITtSlOa (Narroi. (ian R a).
(Foot <A Market Street.)
(?»43a Sant* Crux Cxtfiirsion for 8anU
Crur. and Triuelpal Way Stations IStOSv
•»ll»* N#wark.t>nirnl;ii..K»rj.l(.!i»,Krlton.
TlonliV rt'rpeli.. "ant s.(,'i tin »n«l V.'af
Stations «6i»«»
tail.ip Newark, Centerr!!!*. tan .lose. New
Almaden. fftiltor., i:oitliler Creek,
Santa (,'rnx anil l'rincl j>ftl Way
H tat i.->im f I O:.19a
Mil.Tp Neirirk, San .To«e. T«s Caloii *»i3«4
q4i!3p Glen wood. Feiton. Haftta Cnn «»;9Oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSlS msOtSCO— 7mI *t Market SUnt (Slip I)—
•7:10 0:00 11 00».n. {1:33 *>:03 13:00
•1:03 tJ:C3 ?l:J5r.».
rrssiOHUIB— rioltfBnidw*?.— 'fi:00 8:C0 10:00A.M.
tl2:03 '1:03 tt:Q3 *?:C3 I t:D3 S:Q2r.U.
CO4ST HirtSltt.1 (Uroaii(i«as;t).
¦ (Thlr.l !>nd Townsciwl Sta.) ¦
4«>IO« Oce«n Vlevr. .South fH«u FrMicbco.. «0:8*V
t7i««» Kan ,ln» and V,. r Suiiiom (New
Alinailen Weiinemlajannly) •!•>•»
I7i30a Sumlsy Exciiraion f • r Ran Jose.
8ant» Crux. Taciae Gro*o and
Prioelpal MTay Sutions JS:33*
•9iOOa ffau Jmv. Tira flmis, HmiiU <?riuc.
raelUe «lrnte. I'ano H»)>l«s. San
l.nis OliUrHi. Hnrf. I.onipoc and
1'iinelpal Way St»ti,.i,« *4:IO»
•lOito* San Jose anj Way NtaLlous... '"iSSa
•II:SO* Nftii.lonf.LocCUtosnii.lWajSUtions *5:.tOr
\'*i 111- Ban Matw. KeUwooil. Meola P*tk.
Palo Alto, fianta Clara. 8an Ji>ae.
TreS Plnos. Hani a 1,'rm, Salloaa.
Moaterxy and Taolne Ororc tlOsSff*
t*i3Op San Jose anrt Way Sutions # 7:3Op
Mil»p 9an Jo>aan<t Trtne^al Way Statlocs # 9U3*
t5:U0r San Jo«*. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations.. tO:OOi
*.l:3Op San Jose au.l Principal Way Station* tM:33a
*H::i»r SanJca* an<l WaySratlnns *>»j««>a
tll:4»r San Jpuaml Way 8utloris J~:ZOr
A for Morning I' for Afternoon.
' "Daily. t Sunday exeepted. t -Sunday only
b Satarday only.
• Satnrdajr aad 8uu<Uy. c Saadar and atondar.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1330.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAIXET
AND SAM RAFAEI*.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. *8:30. 9:20. 11:00 a. m.i
12:4*. »l:4S. 3:13. 4:15. "SUS. «:15. 6:40 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and *Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays, at »:C0 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS-7:00. »S:CO. *»:00. »10:00. UOO 11 -M
a. m.: 12:43. *l:30. 1:30, »3:45. 6:00. «:OoL jiS
ll:C» a. m. does not run to San Rafael Su»-
Ca.ys.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qnentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRA>ICTSCO
WEEK DAYS-o:33. •«:». 7:50. 8:«. n?U»:
m.: 12:30. l:t3. 2:15. »3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
«nd Saturday* at ««:43 and 10:20 «. m " aaj "
SUNDAYS— «:15. '8:00. •3:50. •UOOa. m.- »120*
m.: 1:00. 2:13. 'S:^ 4:30. ««MS. irttT iSfc m!2
Trains rnarked f«) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SA^FRAVCllcQ.
WEEK DAYS-5:53. «:C. 8:0? VsC J0-»i
ra.: 12:S5. 1:43. 2:43. 3:30. 4:S0. B:»^ m.
EXTRA TFUFS on Mondays. Wedne«d*y»
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p m.
SL-NDAYS-«:35. S:C5. 10:05. lino a. m.- tXJgJ
7:00 a, m. week daj-s— Cazadero and way »t*-
tlons.
1:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cnzadero aad way st*-
tlons.
6:1* p. m. weekdays (Saturdays exceptad)—
Point Reyes and way stations
8:00 a- m. Sundays—Cazadero aad way fts-
tlons.
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and w»
•tatlcns. • - -¦ . "
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
SThc reason for this is that there are
lectcd elements in Grape-Nuts that
furnish direct to the brain and nerve
centers the necessary particles to re-
build the delicate gray matter containei
in these parts, therefore a man continu-
ously fed. on Grape-Nuts is absolutely
certain of a good condition of the ner-
vous system, which is really the con-
troller of the entire body.
The Grape-Nuts breakfast food is es-
pecially valued by campers and frontier
people, as it is already cooked and
ready for instant service, and, being
concentrated, furnishes unusual strength
and nourishment, in a small quantity. It
is believed that a man can travel farther
and exercise more continuously on a
few teaspoons of Grape-Nuts than on
like quar.tily of any other food known.
General E. C. Machen, an old Con-
federate soldier, has just returned from
an extended trip through the South-
west and along the Mexican border,
investigating mining properties. He
says: "No matter where I traveled I
always found it possible to get Grape-
Nuts and Postum Food Coffee, of
which I am very fond."
Major Dcsborough, writing from
Fresno, Cal., says: "I found Grape-
Nuts food 45 miles in the mountains in
an old oil camp, where the whole crowd,
"lo men, eat it for breakfast every day,
and every Sunday have it in a pudding
for dinner."
Visitors Speak of the Food Used.
OIL AND GOLD MINES.
GBAPE-NUTS.
4 Quart Bottles, $3?9
Express Chances Prepaid.
HIGHEST GRADE FOR MEDICINAL OR
family use. We give you the benefit- of the
middlemen's profit: besides, you are guaranteed
the certainty of
gg£° PURE WHISKEY -fg|
Nothing on case to Indicate contents. Money
refunded If not catlafactory. Twice the price
could buy no better. Reference, any business
firm and commercial agencies.
F. EPHRA1M & CO.. Distillers' Agents,
18MontslOrrnry St., S- P.. Cal.
Sole Agenta French Colony Vineyard Co.. Inc.
vissr OR. JORDAN'S great $
MUSEUM OF AMATQtm
r% icamKTHj.tet.eairai.s.i'.cd.A
.Cg The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
. •^jff_--. World. Weakucses or a-ijr contracted Q
«<S >^W t |' ira ' e rt'iiil'rly curixl by the oldest 7
jJSj !(< 1 Specialist en the Coatt. E5L36yn»ts. Q
Rz&Vft 03. JORDAN-PftlVATE DISEASES £
W^JC&S^fj Co.TTOltatlon free and strirtijr private. \
f y$fW[ W Tit nment personally rr by letter. A ff
H flr ng I\>t. nvc Cure ta every cait undertaken. \
fet/7 lltii Write for Book. raiLOsopatr«f^
I (I \yi BCABIIAGIi, MAILED FREB. (Af
A /} fl,' valuable book for nen/ A
V ZiXt. JunDAX&i'O.; lOSt Market St.. 8. P. f
L DEWEY,STRONG&CO. /^$g^
\L .^PATEr^TS^, J
FHl EP i\ Completely eradicated with-
¦ I 9 II" out cutting or tylnc. No
1 1 B* cure, no pay. For lnforma-
¦ SU O llon «ddres» S. F. . KBCTAt.
" MWTy INSTITUTE. 1170 Market.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN EY. CO.
LESSEE "
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FHANC1SCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:20. 9:00. 11.00 a. m.: 12:35.
8:20. 5:10. 6:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:40
and 11:30 D. m.
SUNDAYS— S:«». 8:30, 11:00 a. m-: 1:30, 3:30.
6:00. «:2o p. m.
SAN TIAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
XVEKK DAYS-6U0. 7:50. »:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
SMO. B:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and fi:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 8:<0. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
6:05, 8:25 r>. tn.
Between San Francisco and Schuctzen Park
game echedule am nbove.
Leave . J In Effect. I ¦ Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. IS. 1900.1 San Francisco.
' Week j Sun- I I Sun- I' Week
Daya. [ days, f Dcgtlnatlon.] daya. I Daya.
7:30 am 8:00 om Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
B:1D pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Fulton.
T:30am i. Windsor. 10:K am
Healdfiburs.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Clovcrdale. 7:35 ym\ 6:*0 pm
7:33 ami I Hopland I 110:25 am
8:80 poa| 8^)0 amj and UKlah. |. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:80 ami 10:25 am
S:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm S:20pm
7:3 Jam 8:00 am Sonoma . 9:15 am 8:40 am
B:1O pm 5:00 pin Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm t:to pm
% 39 ami 8:C0 ami |10j40 am|10:23 am
, 3:£0 pmj 6:00 pm^ Sebestopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Sta.^eo connect at Santa Reea. for Mark West
Sprlnre and WJilta Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruna: m Lytton for Lytton Sprlnsrs: at
Geyservilie for Skajrrs Sprlms: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Holland for Duncan
Spring. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakoport and Bartlett
Sprinss; at Uklah for Vichy SprlnffS. Saratoga
Springs, Blue W<ts. LaurelDell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper I^ake. Porno.- Potter Valley,
John Day' 6. Riverside. L.l«-ley'a. .-' Bucknell's. .-
Panh*^ 1n He!ffhts, KullvUle. Orr'B Hot
Sprints, Mendoclno City. Fort Branr. West-
port. Urs.l. Wl lilts, Laytonvlllo. Cuaimins.
Ecll's Sprinrs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,: Scotia
and Eureka. ~ .
Fnrurday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
bevond Ban Rafael at half rate*. .
Ticket office*. CoO Market et.. Chronlole bits.
H. C. WHITIXG. ; ~ R. X. RYAN,
General. Manager. Gen. Past. Agent.
DOLLARS
Santa Fe Route.
: Excursion tickets will be
sold on June 28th, 29th
and 30th good for 60 days
to come back. The rate is
made for the Democratic
National Convention, but
any one can use the
tickets.
Kansas City
AN D BACK.
628 Market Street.
roRiTHEEAST^TAKEiTHEiSouTHERN Pacific Co's
¦OGDEN 'ROUT&llN CONNECTION WlTrHTHE-
IDENVEP and R IC0L0F?ADO
Rl0:GRANDE^^^^^IvlibLANaR.Rs: >
Pullman' PalaC E > j M rn » m n cm DENVER, OMAyA'v/irjw^f^^.
ML '
/i^^ COLORADO SPR!NGS;and DENVER^,
J&gjtSffWL PERFECT ,-r-iC^ R^<
Y WW*^ , i8 O^MA G N!FICENT/5cENERNff
WcW I^^Sk iniAmericAT;
\\W I £J*Ij>Jh om ps on 76 ci?/ 'AfeJ?A\^
j£S d MARKET ST.jPa/a'ceffotef},
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOO
o °
o °
o Permanently Care Diseases and Weakness of Men. o
' These eminent physicians cure o
% l " l ? x /A"> f**\ diseases and weakness of men, no q
0 W «w v 3? _ - t* 1 *! matter from What cause produced o
c *^ jtAl 4* "J^ *&*/ or °^ how long standing. They
o (^^'t^Sf mM \ Wr<iV-*-3f? medical institution and the most °
o * >^ =l^^ O ! R l^lr A extensive practice in America. °
o iS^»<K*\^\^^A» -^*J J M^^^V^c They furnish all necessary reme- o
o tZT ' •kV^- l^s^^^wklV f^^. an(^ a PP na nces free to their o
o *"^^fe^^^^^<&l^ Patients may deposit the price of a I
*\//^pV* /e&^ 4W7.* cure in any San Francisco bank, to bo o
_ In restoring men to health and strength paid only after they are well, or may
0 these successful specialists remove the D ar in monthly installments.
O cause of the trouble and rebuild the Bhat- r ' ' O
tered system by a thorough constitutional
treatmen . A preat many men are cured at home _
° The remedies, methods and appliances every year. If you cannot visit San Fran- "
O which 7hey nave used successfully for clsco write for free private book advice. o
more than nineteen years are not only question list. etc. All correspondence con-
0 Fafe and sure, but perfectly harmless. fidential. u
O Thousands attest to this Ftatement. Cures sent safely by mall or express. o
o 731 Market Street elevator tz^"T. °
O ¦ V^ X SAN FRANCISCO. ENTRANCE Sundays-9 to II O
°ooooooooooooo 0000 00000000000*00000
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
First Passenger Train July 1 .
Pullman Palace Sleepers and Tourist Cars
to Chicago. Diner Down the Valley.
Ticket Office - , And Market-Street
628 Market Street * Ferry Depot-
TWO=rK=TRAINS
Knickerbocker
Qnprifli Noonday
jpCtidl Train From
( NEW YORK^ .
<rr i nnrc tn u boston.
Ol. LUUlo 10 \ BUFFALO
( cincinnatl;
Via Big Four Routo and
New York Central Railway.?
HO TUNNEL AT ST. LOUIS.
NO FEHRY AT NEW YORK.
STOJ» AT NIAGARA FALLS. . .
— — — i— — ' *¦»•
White City
bpeCISl From
, CINCINNATI.
\ WASMINGTON.
CHICAGO t0 \ BALTIMORE.
( PHILADELPHIA.
v NEW YORK-
Via Big Font* Routo and
Chesapeake & Ohio Railway.
CARLTON C. CRANE.
Pacific Coast Agent."The New Yorkers' " Society.
At a meeting of the executive commit
tee of the New Yorkers held Friday
evening In the Occidental Hotel the fol-,
lowing were admitted to membership:
Henry C. Ahpel. Orovillo D. Baldwin,
Louis H. Bonestell, John A. Ellert, Louis
Alcalde Drill. Corps.
Alcalde Drill Corps No. 1, N..S. G.W.,
will give its first anniversary ball in Na
tive Sons' Hall next Wednesday* evening.
The grand march will move at 8:45 o'clock.
Stenographers Secure Positions.
Twenty-seven stenographers secured
ffood, permanent, paying positions with
downtown firms. All . were , secured
through L. - & M. Alexander, agents Smith
Premier typewriters, 110 Montgomery st.
*.¦¦¦•¦¦
Colored Girl With a Eazor.
Emma Jackson, a young colored woman,
was fined $100 by Police Judge Mogran yes
terday, with the alternative of $100 days
in the County Jail. She had a row" with
EmUlo Branchlnl; saloon-keaper, 110 Pa
cific street, and slashed at him -with a
razor. She only succeeded in cutting his
coat. ¦';.'¦ "^v^->- : »:
Contests Johnson's Will. ;
A contest to the will of the late Theo
dore L. Johnson was filed yesterday by
Mary J- Johnson, an heir at law of the
decedent. Tfie contestant alleges that
there is 1 Insufficient evidence <to warrant
the admission of a copy of the alleged last
will to probate.. Johnson's estate is val
ued at $15,000. - v,. :.
America's inmost Prominent Statesmen
Will Attend th« August En
campment. *
CHICAGO, June 23.— This city Is prepar
ing for the greatest Grand Army encamp
ment in August ever held In the history
of this veteran organization. It will be
the thirty-fourth, and in all " probability
the last really great and notable one. One
of the features will be a magnificent court
of honor to be erected along Michigan
avenue from Van Buren to Twelfth street,
a distance of. nearly a mile. This is to
have great arches at either end, and will
cost in the neighborhood of $25,000. Each
of the parades ¦will uass through this
court of honor, at a certain point of which
President McKinley and other distin
guished guests will review the proces-
Bion. There will be free band concerts
in the parks and fireworks at night.
The committee on Invitations, of which
General John C. Black is chairman, is now
sending: out 6000 requests for prominent
men and organizations from ail parts of
the United States to attend. President
McKinley has already accepted.
All the schoolhouses have been placed]
at the disposal of the free quarters com
mittee, of which Captain R. H. Peters,
room 617, the Temple, is chairman. Ap
plications from posts for these quarters
should be made early, and posts applying
should state what railroad they will travel
on to and from Chicago.
The list of honored guests will Include
Governor Roosevelt, William J. Bryan,
ex-President Harrison and ex-President
Cleveland.
Rural Delivery for Lodi.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LODI, June 23.— Farmers of this section
are jubilant over the receipt of the news
to-day from the Postoffice Department
with assurances of the establishment of
a free rural mall delivery system. A spe
cial agent from the department will be
sent here at an early date. His duty
will be to draw up a map of the proposed
route and appoint a carrier.
¦ / . =?- . . ¦ ,
T>rowTied While Bathing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ANA, June 23.— Howard Frank
lin. 17 years old, .was drowned this morn
ing at Newport • beach while bathing ln
front of the hotel. Up to a late hourvthis
afternoon the body had not been recov
ered, i ., : . t v
CHICAGO TO ENTERTAIN
GRAND ARMY VETERANS
BANGOR.Me.,June 23.— Thirty years ago
"William \V. Thomas Jr. of Maine led a
little colony, of Swedes over the ocean
from their fatherland into the deep forests
of his native State. In the north woods
thereof he founded a Swedish settlement.
This settlement he baptised New Sweden,
a name at, once commemorative of the
past and auspicious of tho future. The
colony consisted of fifty-one souls all told,
'men, women and children. Under the su
pervision of Mr. Thomas the colonists
went to work felling trees, building log
houses, clearing land, bushing, out roads
and building bridges. Then there was busy
work in the woods of Maine. The Ameri
can forest rang with the blows of the
Swedish ax. Extensive clearings opened
out and log houses were rolled up on
every hand. Odd bits of. board and the
happily twisted branches of trees were
auickly converted into needed articles of
furniture. Rustic bedsteads, tables, chairs
and the omnipresent cradle made their
appearance in every house, and Swedish
industry and ingenuity soon transformed
the forest into the abode of man: Mr.
Thomas everywhere shared the. toils and
privations of the new settlers. Every day
he was among them. On foot or on horse
back he visited them all and every day
beheld something tangible accomplished
in the woods of Maine. After four years
of work the colony was fast rooted and
had become -self-sustaining. Bounteous
crops had been harvested everywhere, and
Mr Thomas was able then to take a fare
weil of tho colony, which has ever since
pursued a successful and independent ex
istence. ¦ ¦ , -,,
Thirty years have now rolled by. Since
18T(i the little colony of fifty-one has
grown to a solid community of over 2000.
The Swedes have spread out through the
woods from the mother colony of New
Sweden and. on adjacent townships have
founded the settlements of Westmanland,
-Stockholm,' Jemtland, UpsaJa-and other
small colonies. The log houses have
given way to substantial two-story frame
dwellings. Large barns stand near the
growing crops. Schoolhouses are placed
at the cross-roads. Four large, commo
dious churches have been built, and on
every Sunday morning the sound of the
church bell resounds through the forest.
All the colonists are well-to-do fanners.
Another remarkable fact Is that this col
ony is the i only successful agricultural
colony founded with foreigners from over
the ocean in the New England States since
the Revolutionary war.
The Swedish colonists of Maine will, on
Monday, celebrate the thirtieth an
niversary of the founding of the colony
with speeches and music and festivities
appropriate to the day. Mr. Thomas, now
th« Minister of the United States -" to Bwe-
Two Insolvents.
Petitions in insolvency were filed yes
terday ln the United States District Court
as follow: E. J. Cate, San Francisco.
$7154 63, assets $270: Charles A. Beckman,
saloon-keeper, Ban Francisco, liabilities
$2449 17. . . .
Ship Senator Fined.
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 23.— A fine
has been imposed upon the ship Senator,
now lying at Moodyville, for contraven
tion of the customs laws. The charge
brought by the department is that the
Senator made an improper entry at the
customs office upon her arrival here. It
appears that certain of the ship's stores,
consisting of some coal, were Bold to the
North Vancouver ferry steamer, the
amount involved being $25. The vessel's
manifest read only ballast and stores. The
customs authorities imposed a nne of $400.
The matter has been reported to Ottawa,
The offense is not one. that could include
the seizing of the ship, so that the report
Etating that the vessel had been taken in
charge is Incorrect.
Mary McMahon Sentenced.
Mary McMahon. recently convicted of
embezzlement, was sentenced to servo
eighteen months ln San Quentin by Judge
Lawlor yesterday. Last February the wo
man failed to return $256 to Harry Garcia,
who intrusted her with the money for
safe keeping.
King Oscar Sends Greeting to His
Former Subjects Who Settled
Thirty Years Ago in New
England.
Successful Colony Planted in
the Forests of
Maine.
ANNIVERSARY OF
THE FOUNDING OF
NEW SWEDEN
Los Gatos Is the place that has been
selected by a committee representing the
twenty-eight local lodges of the Ancient
Order of "United Workmen, two local
lodges of the Degree of Honor and the
Past Masters' Association at which to
hold a picnic on the 23th proximo. The
general committee consists of three mem
bers of each lodge and a like number from
the past masters, with Walter Malloy of
Golden Gate Lodge as chairman; M. J.
Blackman of the Past Masters, vice chair
man; Frank J. Maguire of Friendship
Lodge, secretary, and E. A. Smith of
Harmony Lodge, treasurer. .
The committee that will have charge of
the park is made up of the following
named: William J. Beatty of Franklin
Lodge, J. Langensderfer of Prosperity
Lodge, A. p. Hawley of Superior Lodge,
M. J. Blackman of the Past Masters. Gus
Pohlman of Burns Lodge and E. A. Smith
of Harmony lodge. The other- committees
are as follows:
Prizes— L G. Schord of Burns Lods«. W. H.
Kruie of Hercules Lodge. W. H. Day and J. B.
McDonald of Kxcelslor Lodge and M. Coulnhan
of Alta LoOr'*.
Games— Louis Klein and M. Bowman of Su
perior Lodge, Frank Teremosa of Crocker
Lod£e and L. Hamlln of Superior Lodge.
The programme of entertainment an<3
instruction prepared at the suggestion of
tbe committee on extension will In-,
elude an address by Grand Master Snook,
District Attorney of Alameda County; an
address by Grand Recorder Spencer, an
original song by Grand Receiver Sam
Booth, games and races and music by the
Golden Gate Park Band. • <
A fine souvenir of the occasion is being
prepared. It will contain a history of the
order, portraits of the founder thereof,
Father Upchurch. the supreme officers
and the grand officers of the Jurisdiction,
of California.
The citizens of Los Gatos have prom
ised to assist tbe lodge of Workmen of
that place to give the visitors a grand
welcome. The lodge has undertaken the
task of decorating the dance pavilion and
|he racetrack, where the games will take
place. The committee on transportation
has made arrangements to provfile enough
cars to convey twenty-six hundred people
on this outing as it Is expected that about
that number will on that day gather in
the grove at Los Gatos.
Ancient Order Has Arranged
for Reunion and Picnic.
During July.
The Grand Master Workman and
Other Officers Will Be Pres
ent — Committees That
Will Have Charge.
WORKMEN WILL
HAVE AN OUTING
AT LOS GATOS
den and Norway, has accepted the invita
tion of the colonists, and has sailed over
from Sweden to be the orator on the An
niversary day. The American Minister
does not come back to his colony empty
handed. On bidding good-bye to King Os
car a few weeks ago. at the palace at
Stockholm, the King gave to Mr. Thomas
an autograph letter of congratulations to
the colony on the success It had made
in the virgin forest of Maine, and of his
best wishes for Its future prosperity
and well being, -The King presented to
Mr. Thomas a portrait of himself, clad in
the uniform of general of the Swedish
army, and charged Mr. Thomas to present
this portrait to the colony on its an
niversary day. On arriving in America
and paying his respects to. President Mc-
Kinley at Washington, the President, in
like manner, gave to Mr. Thomas a
large and an excellent photograph of
himself, signed by the President's own
hand, to be presented to the colony at the
time of the presentation of the por
trait of Oscar, requesting Mr. Tfiomas to
convey to the colony an expression of his
kindly regard and his best wishes for
its future welfare. ¦• - - .
The exercises of the thirtieth anniver
sary will be conducted in a large open air
auditorium. This is situated in a grov©
of gigantic maples that crown the crest
of one of the highest ridges of the town
of New Sweden. Here the American and
Swedish flags will float pally out. It is
estimated that over five thousand people,
principally Swedes, will be gathered to
gether on that day. The Governor and
Council of Maino, Senators Hale and
Frye, and the Representatives of 4 Malne
in the Congress ofthe United States, and
other notable persons, have been invited
and are expected to be present. •
The following Is the letter of King Os
car, . which Mr. Thomas will read and
present at the anniversary on Monday
next: •
As Mr. Thomas, envoy of the United States
of America at my court, has announced his In
tention to visit the colony of New Sweden, ln
the State ot Maine, founded by him. which
colony ¦ the coming summer proposes to cele
brate a festival commemorative of thirty
years' prosperous existence, I .wish hereby
kindly to request 'the said envoy. Mr. Thomas,
to exoress my warm well wishes both for the
still Burvivin* native Swedes and their pos
terity In the colony, and also for the con
tinued progress and prosperity of this new
home land so vividly recalling the former "Old
Sweden." • OSCAR.
Kirn? of Sweden and Norway.
Stockholm's Palace, April 2. 1900.
H. Greenhood, Alfred H. Greenebaum,
Edward M. Green, Robert W. King, Wil
liam B. Latham, I>avid S. Levy, E. A very
McCarthy, Richard O'Connor, Colonel
George Stone and Captain Charles E.
Thomas.
The organization, which Is composed of
natives or former residents of the State
of New York, now has 128 members and
Is rapidly increasing, a number of appli
cations being still ln the hands of the
membership committee awaiting its re
port.
Agree to Surrender Thirty Per Cent
of Their Claims Against the
Sail of Justice.
The merchant creditors of Bateman
Brcs., who held the original contract for
building the Hall of Justice and Morgue,
held a meeting- in the Mills building- yes
terday and agreed to sign a release of
about 20 per cent of their claims against
the firm. The.«o claims amount to $73,
244 22, and were for material and labor
furnished in erecting the structure. It
row remains for Bateman Bros, to Rive a
clean re-ccipt and the last obstacle in the
way of accepting the building by the city
wfll have been removed and there will be
no reason why the building in the con
struction of which there .have been so
many vexatious delays should not be oc
cupied ln the near future. The latest de
lay was caused by the Auditor holding up
all demands on the fund because of liens
filed apainst It by thirty merchants, who
have now agTeed to a compromise. There
Is now in the fund the sum of $(34,223 50
which will be applied to paying off their
claims. Some of these creditors favored
the plan of Bateman Bros, bringing a suit
against the city for $30,0130 for extras fur
nished, but they were deterred owing to
the probability of a lengthy lawsufl, with
the chance of an unfavorable decision.
BATEMANS' CREDITORS
SIGN A COMPROMISE
Captain Henderson of the British ship
Largo Law, which arrived from Japan in
ballast last Friday night, has been
through experiences that few men ashore
or afloat have ever survived. He has
be<»n shipwrecked half a dozen times, has
had several encounters with icebergs off
the Horn, fought fires on board ship in
both the Atlantic and Pacific and was in
command of the British ship Cromarty
shire when that vessel was run down by
the French liner La Bourgoyne.
The Cromartyshire was here about four
years ago in command of Captain Hen
derson. From here she went to Europe
and thence to New York. At the latter
port she loaded for Japan and was on
her way there when La Bourgoyne came
along. "We heard the steamer blowing
her fog signal for an hour before we came
in collision," said Captain Henderson.
"Had the mall steamer stopped we could
have saved nearly all the passengers and
crew. As it was we saved nearly 150 peo
ple. Our collision bulkhead was the only
thing that saved us from going down."
The Cromartyshire afterward reached
port and was repaired, but the litigation
that followed kept Captain Henderson
ashore for nearly two years, and the
Largo Law Is the first vessel he has com
manded since. The owners of La Bour
goyne fought the damage suits through
all the courts, but Captain Henderson's
owners finally won out. ..
New Steamers for the Orient.
The Eastern Shipbuilding Company of
New Jersey has a large contract on hand.
The new concern has been incorporated
with a capital of $500,000 and has the con
tract to build two ocean steamers for the
Great Northern Steamship Company. The
vessels will be 625 feet long, 73 feet beam
and 31 feet 6 Inches deep, and will have a
speed of twenty knots. They will run be
tween Seattle and the Orient, replacing
the Nippon Yusen Kaisha steamers now
under charter to Jim Hill.
The Pomona and Umatilla,
A story was current on the water front
Friday that the steajners Pomona and
Umatilla were nearly in collision in th*
fog off the coast of Mendocino on Thurs
day last. The log of the Umatilla shows
that on Thursday at 7 a. m. she was
6eventy-five miles southeast of Cape Men
dooino. At that time the lookout reported
the Pomona three-quarters of a mile
away on the port bow. There was no
interchange of signals, no change of
course and that was the nearest the two
steamers ever came together. Captain
Cousins is one of the most careful navi
gators on the coast, and the story that
the steamers came near to a collision
was received with credulity on the front.
Trouble on the Afghanistan.
There was considerable trouble on the
voyage of the British ship Afghanistan
during the voyage from Newcastle, Aus
tralia, to San Francisco. A Russian Finn
named Hansen was in hot water with
everybody on board. During a row with
the second mate he drew a knife and
cut the officer in three places. Mate Har
vey was laid up for fourteen days with
his wounds and Hanson was placed in
irons. As soon as the Afghanistan came
to anchor in the bay last Friday night
Hansen managed to get out of his con
finement and made his escape. Captain
Craigie thinks that he was taken away
in one of the shore boats and that he
will be at sea again in a few days. Ves
sels looking for crews would better be
ware of Hansen, as he is said to be a
desperate man.
"Water Front Notes.
The United States transport Kilpatrick
is being fixed up in New York at a cost
of J400,iX>0. The work began June- 6 and
in a few months the steamer will be on
her way to San Francisco via the Philip
pines.
The McKenzle Musical Society will
have an outing on the bay to-day. The
steamer Sunol has been chartered and a
most enjoyable excursion to points of in
terest around San Francisco will be held,
Paul Murphy became intoxicate*! last
Friday night and fell out of a window at
566 Howard street. His friends thought
he was dead, but when Dr. Bauer from
the Harbor Hospital arrived on the scene
Murphy proved to be very much aliv»».
He had a number of lacerated wounds
on the head and some abrasions about
the body, but was otherwise uninjured.
Now Commands the' Largo Law, but
"Was Master of the Cromarty
shire'When the Appalling
Catastrophe Occurred.
Captain of the Vessel That
• Sunk the Steamer La
IJourgoyne in Port.
3Inni]a Cigars Secreted in. Basement
of One Man's Trousers and Un
der the Vests of the
Others. L
Customs inspector E. E. Emlow nas
reported to the Collector of the Port a
rather ludicrous adventure that befell him
last Saturday night. He was on duty at
the dock where the Government transport
Meade was laid up, and sat in a chair at
the end of the wharf the better to observe
the side of the ship in order to prevent
smuggling.
At half-past 9 o'clock he saw three very
dignified looking gentlemen on the deck
of tfys transport approaching the gang
way. Inspector Emlow at once left Ins
chair and took up his station at the gang
way as tha smallest of the three started
down the plank.
"1 beg your pardon, gentlemen," said
Emlow. "but my duty requires me to
search you."
The three protested that they had noth
ing whatever concealed on their persons,
Lut a search revealed a box of Manila
cigars concealed under the vest of the
smallest man of the trio. The inspector
did not get this man's name. The next
man gave his name as Bher, and he
panned out a oox of fragrant Manilas
that was lying snugly against the small
of his back.
The third man, a big fellow, gave his
name as Dr. Gustayus A. Christensen, a
dentist with an office on Mission street.
When the Inspector started to search him
the dentist whispered Into the inspector's
ear the grand hailing cries of distress ot
eeveral secret societies and gave him the
gTips and hailing signs of the same, say
ing at the sajne time: "Keep mum and
you and I will do i business together.
You're pretty foxy; keep mum, for heav
en's sake!"
But the inspector gave the grand hail
ing signs of distress of the one hundred
and forty-seventh degTee the grand go
by and explored the garments of the man
who said he was a dentist, extracting
therefrom without the aid of a forceps or
the use of gas a box of smuggled cigars
stowed away in the capacious seat of the
dentist's trousers. His pockets were
stuffed with the contents of another box,
and these also were seized by the In
spector.
The trio admitted that the four boxes of
weeds were the property of the man who
said he was a dentist and that they were
assisting him in smuggling them ashore.
After filling the big man with good advice
the inspector allowed the trio to go on
their way. and handed the cigars to his
superior officer for condemnation and sale.
BOLD SMUGGLERS
MADE A FAILURE
ON TRANSPORT
Man Who Said He Wjs Den
tist Christensen and Two
Friends Stopped.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JJJNE 24, 1900.
21
FROM SEA AND SHORE
ADVEBTISEBEENTS.
SUPERIOR MERIT.
Bemarkable Curative Properties of a
Stomach Weakness.
Bemedy for Indigestion and
Etuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, a prepara-
tion for tho cure of dyspepsia and the
various forms of Indigestion and stomach
trouble, owes Its great success as a cure
for these troubles to the fact that It is
prepared for disease and weakness of the
stomach and digestive organs only, and
is not recommended of advised for any
other disease.
It Is not a cure-all, but for any stom-
ach trouble It Is undoubtedly the Bafest,
most sensible remedy that can be ad-
vised with the prospect of a permanent
cure. It Is prepared ln tablet form, pleas-
ant to taste, composed, of vegetable and
fruit essences, pure pepsin and Golden
Seal, every one of which act effectively
!n digesting the food eaten, thereby rest-
Ing and Invigorating the weak stomach;
rest Is nature's cure for any disease, but
you cannot rest the stomach unless you
put into it something: that will do Its
work or assist in the digestion of food.
That Is exactly what Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets do; one grain of the digestive
principle contained In' them will digest
3000 grains of meat, eggs or similar whole-
some foods. They will digest the food
whether the stomach Is ln working order
or not, thereby nourishing the body and
resting the stomach at the same time
and rest and nourishment Is nature's cure
for any weakness. "i-r? ¦-
In persons run down ln flesh and ap-
petite these tablets build up the strength
and increase flesh, . because they digest
fiesh-formlnp food which the weak stom-
ach cannot do: they Increase the flow of
gastric juice and prevent fermentation,
acidity and sour watery risings.
Stuart's, Dyspepsia Tablets can be found
at alfdrugr stores at 50 cents per package.
OUR GOLD DREDGINO PUMPS
(/rt/>r > U Were •uccessfoi at Nomt last
KKUOil r««r. All ethers failed. In opera-
IUIVV (ion daily. » Stevenson «L. 8. F.
We save money for amateurs. We loan you a
kodak. Backus Studio) 11 Geary at.; supplies. •
SAND CENTRIFIKJAI/PUMPS.
* 1 rirCfWf dredclns pumps, tb* only
IALKMjN iucceMful pump manufactured.
tlttviwv/ii jjj sixth at. Eaa Franclica-
nnrrci HJ17O fob barbers, wk-
K K Ij OllUkJ '«. bootblacks, bath-
«UUW"«w hwn billiard tables,
hrewen tockblnders. candy-makers, cannerv
*y*r*. flourmilU. foundrie«. laundries rap«r-
fc*r.*eTB. printer*. pair.««r». ehce factortea. iU-
tlemen, tar-roofer*, tanners, tailors. «tc.
BUCHAN4* K«OS..
Brash ManufactorsrA. 609 Sacrament* St
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
PENmOYAL PILLS
I ! -VTV">w Orf*in»l find Or.ly <;ij»i:lo<%
V?-.*i ."•v KAFE. Ai»««.r<!:,ahi*. Llulil.."H)' rr<-l
Jr 5( V-^Si. r ' r CUICIIBjTEK\S KNGLLSII
if'-n^'^eiSk ia y J -' r> t -" 1 trt>16 n«. !*.:!<• bozei. »fi -i
%x -~?6»J wlthtiuerifcbot. Tiikc no otb cr. RcTat*
f*<t tvJ T»ticeroo» (»Bb«ll(Btlan» svatT ImlU:-
II ~~ ftj tlon*. !¦¦.; '" tip«r .'irr.t .1:. cr i»a4 4». 11
I W ' Jt 1 »- • « for Pitrtlriiliirx. Testlmoiiliila
I r- JE7 u. : •' I.', 'irr fr.r l..liir.."'n l':/f , '•.' rt.
' £/ lurn V -.'I. l«>.O<M»1»UB>aoiml<. Solitf
N — —I £\ Dn(tt«tS. < ki<h».lrr < brmlnl C«_
Kcstloa !».:• 1 »; tr. UcUim Niiurc, miLA- l'±.
DR. HALL'S RElNVIGORATORpHflgl
Five hundred reward for any fe*S^T&S
case we cannot cure. This secret tip 0 ""W
remedy stops all losses ln 24 jj W
hours, cures Kraisslons. Impo- tttA
teaey. Varicocele, . Gonorrhoea, frfS Wrn
Gleet. 1'its. Ktrirturcs. l>ost \K4m iSpfrA
Manhor.d ami all vva^tinsr effects fc&VW ' rM&A
cf self-abuse or excesses. Sent mabaSBStSm
tealed, J2 bottle; % bottles. ?5; guaranteed to
cure any caee. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. *K Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1073V4 Market st.. B. F. All private
diseases Quickly cured. Send for free book.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IB A GREAT RKSXCI-.ATXVfi. INVlGOiU..
tor »nd Nervine.
Tbe most wonderful aphrodisiac and Bpeelai
Tonic for tbe Sexual Organs for both sexes.
Tht Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid*
cey« and B'sdder. Sells on Us own merit*,
NABER. AXF8 & BRUNE. AgenU.
KZ Market at.. B. V.— (Bend for Circular.)
| GLORIA !
| SHOES. I
+ What a joyous name. There is "f
+ a true ring to it — a something to
i be proud of.' We know what it is, +
x true merit. Th\t is why we shout +
+ for them, and you will join in>
+ singing their praise after you +
"*" once wear a pair, for they retain
i iheir shape, are easy on the feet,
+ graceful to the eye and guaran- +
+ teed to wear. >
•+- _•_ ¦ -^
Hand-turned or welted, kid or
T patent leather, lace or button, in
x every style, in every size, and the ?
4- P"ce >
t $3.50 I
"?" Vi^^ Fcr Ladles Only.
$ SIND f OR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGIE. £
"?". We are Sole Agents Here.
I PHIUDELPHIA SHOE CO. t
+ B. KATCHINSKL Proprietor. 4
10 Third Street, San f rancisco. 4
Infants'. Children's, Misses' and
Ladies'. All the very latest
styles, which they shipped us
to put in our sale— and they
came just in time. You all know
the quality of Sample Shoes.
They are hand-made and fit
the foot like a glove fits the
hSnd. These shoes will be put on
SALE
MONDA Y
MORNING!
TJALL SOOH AS CONVENIENT AND GET THE
CHOICE OF THESE FINE SAMPLE SHOES.
1400 Pairs of
LAIRD, SCHOBER & CO.'S
Summer Vacation I
We Want to Supply You With
And in order to do so we
will make PRICES TO
SUIT THE CUSTOMER.
We will not carry over
any Jan Shoes; will close
them al! out. PRICE WILL
BE NO OBJECT. Be sure
and buy your Tan Shoes
this weekl
Now for Your
SHOES!
ALL OUR
• mm O ?V *••
Bear In Mind We Have Made
A GREAT
REDUCTION .
We cannot take space enough to
'£ ive prices, but will sell you
SHOES AT ANY PRICE!
DON'T FAIL TO SEE OUR BARGAIN
COUNTERS MONDAY MORNING.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
V.'E SELL AND BUY FOR CASH AND
GIVE OUR CUSTOMERS THE BENEFIT.
812-814 Market Street,
PHELAN BUILDING.
NOLAN BROS.,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i*""i'4ai" ¦V'i'^-V f *\ »^^^ J s&&^^ Nk. -^"^* -tm^*^ .»». -" J-JO nOt DldITl'3 j" M t**£j * l\ v \ * f m ~^^_ V
HB JfrBCti6CjJHtjilB|fJa I j il_T_T * X* A. 1 t 'I I I't VI * 11 ' J * ~*1~\ ~^^,*m ¦*£*•£ *^VT^s»Al*^**»****s»*^
I Rosenberg's Hosiery Excels in WeaT and plki^ ffscts - Money can . {^SW °I/k^KBl Be One of the Waltzli1 S Party at Car i
I and Fit. iJteJII not bu y W %M arnTVie? fin- Muslin Untferw-ar Department.
5 50 dozen TAX RIBBED HOSE. prettier or bet- V«^fK.wS l? he ,'} wlt tJ rr ?" - e Z^ t^** R—>1 =: LI> i H
B$>$8!&ai A £$i3 >^ w D h?tI ffiR\ thWl theSe ' <ect form. Within evSbo^s \el£ d^\ SCSSS
I dlS. double heel Lnd toTs. full [ M^J^m%) $1-25 Kini, 98c. This week SI. OO. /Mvfif^ T' [ 'K t \* rch " n lace ard
* makfus buayll&^ccnts the86 th&t - " \.FN flf $3 00 Kind ' $L25 JUSt Thlllk ! A SU!lllll8r C ° rSet f ° r ™» **" be prised I
t *r-j£±s x The W LACE \,A 1 Ify $3.00 Kind, $1 75 Ladies' Corsets, cool and com- 1» tw? PrfVSi Sn3. "
* ¦?&£££ A for ladies, double others in same proportion. There Portable, made of the best im- (f*'4 1)1 rowNS^mKrte £
: i $^8%£fa>-* Sth nd th« CS^ n is onl y one of a kind. First Ported netting, strong double W Al\ very best soft, bleach- |
I «»| Sing P klnt come, first choice-you know side mst-proof front Mfo\ ed S^ rl yoke e^ot !
1 Jv^m^pS "v^VnT^^hiS what that means. They are not steels, lace top and tape bottom, frufrft*. flnl i hed £ lth eleven £
i %MW^L «*^orth ay more the poor and trashy kind— you at our challenge price of ] gc \ I / hem«itched tucks:
i Wl • > «™ n - 106 £! have never seen better. None sold t0 other stores. M ruffle of hemstitching
i •&y&P §|»lJ ffl Z™*° drummers' Trunks and sam- c Sensational prices in Sample This week selling at £,
K <*m^^ price, 19 cents. , ,, „ , , . Corsets.
fc LADIES' FRENCH LISLE HOSB, pie line of Waists are on sale at , rHA v rP i r. UI U ;«» n TW Will D,« V«« ?« P!»« *^
I ft^tt T^ l l^^y e \ tul l fln ; OTarrcll-street entrance. /T^S>^ bargain for A Few Hints ™ Wl » Pa )f Yoa to GlYe f
lsnea, iuu lengxn, uouuie neei ana /#! ; >w J; f. » vz-itt * \# . _ in._i!._ «.
i tons, the B0-cent kind, tils week'a ; (Arf^I&SVj TOUr AtlElltlOn. |S
•eiime. 33 en... Tempting Values in Our Neckwear W\ >/V» I f °" HbvjjsKW *-«"<¦ ' aa >¦> dress sktrts-. j
* We Are Klne-Pins tn Children's Department. /y % SSTlfijF P<° &«"« FJE TSS&
Th. kind thar^'ar and nt-w. will & ) ?S£ n S& t &il!"&" I f£n$g L^ft^kX ™"' f^™mmeri , ,^23™ °"""" S '""" ""* """ N
I Prices Lower Than What Yon'ie jabots. <\ K°gfi th ««Si f sh^l combs
I Been Paying. \ $ co^aretteI 1 nW# S5S nandied n: sMghtly 8Olled from 3 W V L> " /' -
P BCC " J t 6 ' , rrr^,^ - Xr^ REFERS and all the «^S S QR, «i nn Vi»* <t1 KA /i^S^r^^V tr aordinar>- low }
a ** Ladies' White Y2&J newest styles of NECK- »«.7O iuntt, a»3 $4.00 Kind, $150 W^/nMKffitr price: they are
Swiss Ribbed rJSU^n h JKSt2S? r th l lS. yO1IWillllOt %£}*'*&.&& ,
/^^mJ/vfBts^Tow s E?^RT s^rL^ HI a7d°^ Have You Seen Our New Military »&&^i^2^Sft^ |
\wli^^; no sSr^BfeT^.^.. 1 : 1^-...^ - COrSet? M 4h?fi e n 8 d that will be worn for next
«BX^ Sleeves, neck Large size SILK FOUR-IN- Jt * 3 of the best eateen. season. . J
G^A**~*iWt *-(Sh Bi^ c * cs '' , "** HAND TIES Kc double side steel3, rust proof front. Side Combs, la cents.
eflU\\\UlOllIi m!(f& a n d s^scyes COLLARS with JABOTS attach- steel, embroidered top and bottom; Side Combs with rhinestones, 50 ;
"'£ vM^ik'Wi '<^S crocheted ed 23c colors pink, blue, white and black. cents. j
*§*» wiffisHar W ttt j ' EMBROIDERED SILK BOWS This corset will give you the new Amons them there are some that £
«--M"llttl» Wondersnever . . ..VV>c each military erectness; a perfect fitting • aold as high as Jo; our price. $2 U); ,
cease at the price we are selling SILK* COLLAR and TIE com- co i set - fli A iU , ' others accordingly. j
,, . _fl , , , , bined 3oc For nt, wear and ease this corset
these for. The wholesalers ask SILK CH iffon ties, the ions ha« no equal. ynjg || ecis ft l\\[}a p r | ceSt
$2 a dozen; this week's price 9c. kind 25c We challenge this corset against Llmc llclud al ul "'" . c . i
9* a uwvii, iw» wcca ° iil - D Jf we would try an(1 enumerate any other $2 corset made. Large squares of cube Pins. 5 cenU.
V , ., , ,, , them all this paper would not be Your best opportunity In years; Book Pins, black and white, oc a
I LadieS' YeStS. large enough. prlC6$10 °- b ° S °L Safety Pins. 3c a dozen. I
S Made of the best Peruvian cotton, • - Pearl Buttons, the good kind, all
Swiss ribbed, low neck, no sleeves, _ —^ — a-^ ,^-w s—*y m »¦ i^. t W~^ ¦ f^ f^ ¦ slzps 6c a dozen
LADIES' SILK VESTff. made of *J V-T JL^ . IX V-/ AJJ JL~tf 1 U M~4 IX VJ • cSrUng Irons, all sizes, best qual-
4 the best American silk, low neck, no -^ _ ¦". * ¦ j tv 4c |a C h
1 wffh ve8 a a^i^^Kad^tSSS . 816 Market Street, 'b&*£ Book3> & NeedIC9 ln a
| pink, blue, white and cream; one O1U HldirVCl Oll^^l, Best Black Corduroy Dress Bind-
I ifaSains 1 , 49j? nce y ° U * Running Through to II O'Farrell Street. Phelan Building. m s 3c yd
F>iC\L/\GlB HpTEL
Tbe nigh standard of excellence rr.a'n-
taln*d by tJiete bcteli !> recognized and
appreciated by o discriminating and ra»-
t:dious clientele who regularly inake them
their headquarters when In San Francisco.
Located in clore proximity to wnolesaU
end ttopplne districts, places of tmuw-
Tt^ent and with the further advantage of
ha\-in«- etreet cars to all points of Interest
pt£» the entrp-rsce.
American plan. European plan.
GRAND HOTEL
ADVEETISEMENTS.Caught in Oakland and Charged
With Robbing W. Zeiner of
a Diamond.
Henry Smith, a young man who 13 well
known In the Tenderloin district, was ar
rested in Oakland yesterday by Detectives
McMahon and Anthony, on a warrant is
sued ii> this city, charging him with grand
larceny. Several days ago he met W. Zei
ner, a capitalist, in a saloon on Eddy
street, and It Is claimed robbed him of a
valuable diamond pin. He went to Oak
land, where he was recognized and subse
quently arrested.
Smith is well known* to the police. Some
time ago he started to annihilate a bar
tender who is employed In a Tenderloin
saloon, when the latter drew a revolver
and fired at him. The bullet missed Smith,
but lodged In the arm of a boy. who was
passing at the time. Subsequently he as
saulted Police Officer Birdsall while the
latter had him under arrest and severely
beat him. With the assistance of another
policeman Smith was finally overpowered
and landed In prison.
SMITH LEFT HOME
TO AVOID ARREST
Leo Lennon Took High Hank.
At the commencement of Georgetown
College, Washington, D. C, Leo C. Len
non, son of John A. Lennon of this city,
took first honors. He was graduated M.
A., first prize scholar. Mr. Lennon Is
A. B. of the St. Ignatius class of 1839.
Opportunity for California.
The Chamber of Commerce has received
a letter from T. A. Converse, superintend
ent of the Pan-American Exposition, to
be held at Buffalo, N. Y., next year. In
which Converse urges the Western com
mercial body to arouse the interest of
California business men in the coming
fair. ¦ \
Coroner's Jury Decided That Maurice
McHenry Bid Not Heed the
Flagman's Signals.
A Coroner's jury decided yesterday that
Maurice McHenry, tho aged expressman
who was killed by being run over by the
San Jose train at the crossing of Sixth
and Townsend streets last Wednesday,
died through his own negligence.
The verdict was: "That Maurice Mc-
Henry, aged 62, expressman, residence 46
West Mission street, came to his death
at the crossing of Sixth and Townsend
streets on June 20 through shock due to
the crushing of the face and skull, said
shock having been caused by being
thrown from his wagon while in collision
with a passenger train; SJid we further
find that it was through a failure to heed
the warnings given by the flagman at the
point of crossing."
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
COMPANY EXONERATED
Board of Public Works Recommends
to Supervisors That Work Be
Commenced at Once.
The Board of Public Works adopted a
resolu\ion yesterday directing that the
secretary "recommended to the Board of
Supervisors that the wharf or plank road
way on a part of Spear street between
Harrison and Byant streets be recon
structed to conform In elevation to the
wharf maintained adjacent to the pro
posed structure by the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners. The area to be
thus planked is the easterly half of the
westerly half of Spear Btreet, from a point
23S feet southerly from the southerly line
of Harrison street; thence southerly along
Spear street 3S7 feet to a point seventy-live
feet southerly from the northerly line of
Bryant street, and joining the State
wharf at that point. The estimated cost
of this work to be S61S0."
The proposed improvement will be high
ly satisfactory to the teamsters and dray
men who are obliged to traverse that por
tion of the street which has been in a
disgraceful condition for years. The Board
of Works expects to have all the plans
ready so that the improvement may be
commenced early next month.
FOOT OF SPEAR STREET
WILL SOON BE IMPROVED
Mattie Frawley, who the police say 13
one of the cleverest female thieves in tho
country, was arrested last night by De
tectives Ryan and O'Dea and locked up
In the California Police Station. To-day
she will be formally charged with grand
larceny.
About a week ago the prisoner, accom
panied by another woman who has not
yet been apprehended, visited a lodging
house at 225 Grant avenue and. It Is al
leged, stole a valuable seal skin sacque
belonging to one of the inmates. The
sacque was disposed of in a Third street
pawn shop for a lew dollars.
The Frawley woman lias on more than
one occasion been accused of theft. Some
time ago she was arrested together with
two men for committing wholesale rob
beries south of Market street. The m«n
were sent to the penitentiary, but as the
woman, who is quite young, promised to
reform, she was committed to the County-
Jail for a short term. It Is more than
likely, that several charges will be placed
against her to-day.
Arrested by Detectives and Locked
TJp in the City Prison for
Bobbing a Boom in a
Lodging-House. ;
Mattie Frawley Is Said to Be
Very Smooth in Her
Work.
CLEVER FEMALE
THIEF LANDED
IN TKE TANKS
Charge Against J. C. C. Price.
A complaint was sworn to in Judge
Fritz's -:ourt yesterday for the arrest of
J. C..C. Price on the charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses. The complain
ing witness Is Attorney O. H, Perry. It Is
alleged that Price was Bent by Perry and
Attorney Walter Willett to Inyo County
In the answer filed in the j Supremo
Court • to the writ of* prohibition
against Judgo E. C. Hart trying the
Oakland water case the name of Gar
ret W. McEnerney appears as counsel rep
resenting the" Sacramento Judge, Attor
ney McEnerney, in stating his position,
says that ho has -no interest in the case
except to appear for Judge Hart In the
question of the qualification of the latter
to act as trial Judge,
McEnerney as Hart's Attorney.
Round-trip transfer tickets on Bale at
any of cur offices, One trunk (round trip),
GO cents. Mprton Special Delivery, 408
Taylor street, 050 Market street, Oakland
terry depot. •-.;-•¦ • * ¦
Notice to Passengers.
SPECIAL CERTIFICATES
INVOLVED IN DOUBT
Board of Examiners Believes Creden
tials of Drawing Teachers to
Be Insufficient.
The matter of the renewal of the certifi
cates of Miss Katherlne M. Ball, teacher
of drawing, and several other special
teachers in the school department, is in
volved in some doubt and the Board of
Examiners may direct Miss Ball to take
an examination before a renewal is al
lowed. There is no question of Miss Ball's
efficiency and ability to teach the special
study, but the members of the board are
inclined to believe that she was illegally
granted a certificate on October 31, 1894,
upon credentials from an institution not
recognized as being of equal rank - with
the University of California by the 8tate
Board of Education. She received her
certificate October 31. 1894, on her diploma
from Cooper's Institute of Art of New
York City.
The matter has been referred . to the
board's legal adviser for an opinion. The
point to be decided is whether the law
contemplates that an applicant must hav*
a diploma from an accredited . institution
to teach a special • or technical subject.
"Miss Ball teaches drawing in all schools
and it may be that she will be required to
take an examination In reading, spelling;,
grammar and methods of teaching in ad
dition to drawing. In the latter study
R per cent Is required and In the four
others CO per cent. There appears to be
no doubt that Miss Ball could get much
more than the required percentage in an
examination. It is possible that the Board
of Education may take the ground that
Phe is legally entitled to a renewal, a3
Director Denman has often declared that
certificates for special studies are In a
measure exempt from the provisions of
the State law, and may be granted on
credentials satisfactory to the board.
to locate niter claims. He was furnished
with money and reported that he had been
successful. It is now claimed that his
representations were false. The particular
amount of defalcation charged in tho
complaint is $60, -but the total amount is
said to be mu':h greater.' Price was ar
rested about three months ago on a simi
lar charge, i but as the complaining wit
ness refused to prosecute the case was
dismissed.
The members of Islam Temple, Ancient
Arabic Order Nobles Mystic Shrine, Oasis
of San Francisco, left yesterday afternoon
on a special train of eleven cars for their
pilgrimage to Lake Tahoe The excur
sion is under the direction of Potentate
Reuben P. Hurlbut and tho following ex
ecutive committees:
San Francisco— Charles L. Patton, C. W.
Decker. W. H-. F. Titus, W. W. Stocker, P. S.
Teller, Robert Ash, E. B. Hlndes, George F.
Neal, A. W. McKenzie, George E. Howe, H. B.
Ream. John Tonningsen, Frank W. Marston.
E. J. Benedict.
Sa.cram*?nto — George H. Clark, T. B. Reid. H.
E. Reid. Charles T. Barton, L. F. Breuner.
Oakland— L. P. Degen, Charles J. Heeseman,
Patrick Cahill. A. P. Leach.
San Jose— George B. McKee, S. II. Wagener,
L. A. Sritzer.
The pilgrims will spend a day at tho
lake in visiting the points of interest and
will then return to San Francisco by way
of Sacramento. The Shriners will be ban
quieted and royally . entertained at every
city along thei route. The following are
those who set out yesterday for the Mecca
of Tahoe:
Reuben P. Hurlbut. Charles I*. Patton, H.
A. Cans and wife, George J. Neal and wife,
Frank W. Marston and wife. Mrs. Winegarter,
Charles W. Decker and wife. -W. H. F. Pitus
and wife.. P. S. Teller and wife. E. B. Hlndes
and wife. Dr. A. W. McKenzie and wife. H.
B. Rean and wife, W. W. Stocker and wife,
Robert Ash and wife, F. L. Neal and wife,
G. E. Howe and wife, John Torrlnesen and
wife. E. J. Benedict, G. H. Clark and wife, H.
E. Reid, T. B. Reid. C. T. Barton. L. F.
Breuner and wife, Patrick Cahlll and wife. C.
J. Hesseman, A. P. Leach, George B. McKec
and wife, S. II. Wagener and wife, S. Logan
and wife. H. B. Mason and wife. W. H. L.
Beunes. J. II. Dyer. R. W. Dyer. T. P.
Ross, W. E. Bauks, J. C. Crooks,
Mr. McKorn, Mr. von Hoenberjr, Mr. Burns,
A. Walter, J. M. Curtis, George C. Walsh, Mr.
Davis, J. Lewis, Thomas Morton. J. F.. Logan,
Adolph Meyer. G. W. Schmidt and wife. Mlaa
Schmidt. Mrs. \\\ Rennie. Mrs. M. L. Henry,
Miss C. A. Henry. H. Bews and wife, Mr. Part
ridge. L. C. Byce and wife, Mrs. Plerronet,
Mr. Wall, S. C. Hammond, E. J. Benedict, C.
A. Hemy. Miss Ada B. McDonnell. Miss Crow
ley. Mrs. Breon. Dr. C. R. Westphal, H. W.
Westphal, A. V. Grosetta, Mr. Cameron, H. J.
Badler. W. N. Brunt, J. H. Goldman and wife,
8. A. McDonnell, Captain J. H. Bennett and
wife. Miss . Lottie Bennett. Captain N. P.
Batchelder and ¦wife. H. M. Furman and wife,
T. L. Henderson and wife. J. A. Marsh and
wife. E. P. Hulone and wife, G. E. Howe and
wife, .Captain John Barneeon and wife, G. F.
Neal. Mrs. L. Danskin. Miss C. Danskin. It.
L. Hathorne and wife. C. K. Summers and
wife, S. M. Shortrldge, George Bauer, Joseph
Black, E. W. Tuchey and wife. H. P. Umb
sen. Dr. E. R. Bryant, John McAllister. Mr.
Brooks, C. H. Murphy, Miss Bassett, W. H.
Cllno, G. E. Kirkpatrlck. O. B. Granger, C. F.
Be.ssett. F. J. Veen, Mrs. Terschurer, E. O.
Reiser end wife. Dr. A. W. McKenzie and wife,
Miss McCauley, P. Cahlll, W. H. Johnson, J.
Fred Schllngmann, T. G. Crothers, J. Lee and
wife. MIsb T. C. Judgkyn, L. P. Dea?an. C. C.
Stal'.mann.' George Bray, J. C. Pinokney, Dr.
J. AV. Stltt, E. M. York, R. Menzel. H. T.
Graves, Mrs. H. T. Graves, W. G. Downing,
J. N. Young. Timothy Crowley. E. K. Taylor,
Webb Pierce, George H. Cook. Miss Logan,
F. A. Somers. L. E. Spear. C. A. Warren.
Thomas H. Browne. Mr. Polndexter, George
Habenlcht, Mr. Morrow. Dr. C- H. Westphal,
Mrs. G. Habenicht. the Misses Rod en, L. C.
Schlndler and mother, Mrs. J. H. Heltmann,
Mies Gregory. Miss Heltmann.
At Sacramento the party will be Joined
by C. T. Barton and wife, A. Tiechert
and. wife. C. E. Phlpps and -wife, F..W.
Book and wife, W. A. Stephenson and
wife, L. T. Breuner, Al P. Booth. W. T.
KnoxrT, J. Hesson, B. F. Stoll, X>r. W.
J. Waller.
SHRINERS OFF ON AN
EXCURSION TO TAHOE
The Past Masters' Association of Cali
fornia* Free and Accepted Masons, cele
brated St. John's day yesterday by an ex
cursion to and picnic at El Campo. About
700 ladles and gentlemen composed the
party that boarded the Ukiah for the
pretty camp on the Marin County shore.
'Among the number were many who are
well known In Masonic and Eastern Star
circles. The forenoon hours were devoted
to lunching under th» trees; then fol
lowed dancing in the pavilion and after
that there was an innovation— the .intro
duction for the rirst time in the history
of the association of races on the 'cinder
track. The results of these races, in
which the onlookers as well as the par
ticipants took a great interest, were as
follows, the sprinters, coming in in the
order named:
"Boys under 10 years— Willie Claaby, Willie
Stark, Alexander Kins:.
Girls under 10 years— Elsie Fuendlinp, Anita
Fuendltns. Katie Zeiss.
¦ Boys between 10 and 16— B. McMillan, H.
McMillan, E. Rhormada. -
Girls between 10 and 16— Mamie Johnson, Lin
da Brink. Violet Smith, Honour McLean. Miss
Smith, who was almost neck and neck with
the winner of second place, was awarded a con
solation r>rlze. •
Daughters of Masons— Lillle Muller, Linda
Men's race, free-for-all— Roy Colby. Everett
Sharp. Edward Lehner.
Ladies' race, free-for-all— Gertie Herring, An
nie Hein. Jennie McLauehlln.
Sack race— Albert Short, Walter Burner.
¦Wives of Masons— Mrs. Lucia Warren, Mrs.
May Fanj>elo, Mrs. A. M. Wayple.
Past Masters' race— C. Jellinek, J. a Kim
ball. E. C. Hare.
Ladles of the Eastern Star— Jennie McLaugh
lln, Gertie Herring, L. Wefelsburg and Grand
Secretary Mrs. Kate J. WlUats, who was
awarded a special prize.
The judges of the games were Andrew
Peabody, William Owens and Thomas
Rowland. Justice Frank H. Kerrigan
was to have entered for a race against
time, but when he ascertained that the
prize was an order for 500 building bricks
he canceled the entry, saying that he
might find use for "gold" bricks, but had
no use for the real article.
After the games all repaired to the
dancing platform, where William Owens,
the Mason orator, read a short humorous
poem, full of skits at prominent members
of the fraternity who were present. After
that was the distribution of sixty gate
prizes, and then dancing was resumed.
Between dances there was an Impromptu
programme, William S. Moses, Charles H.
Bryan, John Tonningsen, Itev. W. E.
Smith and others being called upon for
contributions in the entertainment line.
The class of people who attended was
of the best and the affair was one of the
most enjoyable ever Riven under tho aus
pices of this association.
The officers and committees who had
charge of the affair are:
Officers of the association — James A. Wilson,
president: Max Goldman, first vice president;
William Wilkins de Winton, second vice presi
dent; Peter Barclay, secretary: James Patter
son, treasurer; C. H. Bryan, marshal; D. M.
Richards, tyler.
Committee of arrangements— William Wilkins
de Winton, chairman; Max Goldman, secretary:
John Fisher, treasurer; A. K. Coney, Andrew
Prizes — Adolph Kberhardt, chairman. j
Games— John Hlllman, chairman.
Printing — A. K. Coney, chairman.
Badges — Henry Burner, chairman.
Refreshments — John Fisher, chairman.
Music— Andrew Chrlstensen, chairman.
Floor manager— C. Jellinek.
Grounds — C. H. Bryan, chairman.
Orator William Owens Read a Hum
orous Topical Poem and Others
Aided in Entertaining.
Winners of Races.
Many Well Known in Ma
sonry and Eastern Star
Enjoy Themselves.
PAST MASTERS
HOLD A PICNIC
AT EL CAMPO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 1900.
22
Tis Very
Close Prices
We are Sell Ins
Ctilna
Crockery
Glassware
Come Just to Look
Great AEericaa IaDomag Tea Ci
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
tlO-212 Grant Ave, (Bet. butter aad i*oeti.
SSI Market St. <Opp. JfoweU).
X4O Elzth St.
KS Hayes St. TIS Third Et.
1419 Polk SI in Montrooiery 1t%
1&IK Mission St. 70S Lark'.a St.
WC« Sixteenth St. 1819 Devtsadero St.
146 Ninth St. 475 Balsbt St.
7008 Flllmore St. S2S5 MUslon St.
12 Market fit. r.iZ 24th Bt.
OAKLAND STORES.
1CS3 WasblnKtoa ab SIS E. lZta St.
1237 Broadway. 1US 23d Avm.
U10 Scveath St. Uli Park Si- -*t«^-«^
Tr*pp«r's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. We I'.ask. Richards & Co., 408 Clay.
dr - pierce> s
«^^m ELECTRIC
1P|P# BELT.
THIS KELT 13 WAR-
nmted to b» the latest lm-
' l proved, moit powertal and
in «n rejects th^ bert now manufactured la
•ny part of the world. Its equal does not exist.
The Galvanometer shows lta electric current to
be double that, of any other. Easily regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest Improved attach-
ments. Special conductors and electrodes.
Double wire suspensory for men. It will cur»
any disease on earth that It ts possible to cur*
with electricity, and It cnr»s when other* faU.
Buy no belt till you tee "Dr. Pierce**."
••Booklet No. J." free at office or sent by mall
for a, 2-cent stamp, tetls all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street.
«Opp. Palac* Hotel>- SAX FRAJJCI3CO
Eastern Office— New York City. -' ¦':¦ <
KEW WESTERN HOTEL,
IfEAKNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
*»>nio<ieled and renovated. KINO, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, 10c to C M day;
li to li week: $s to J20 month. Fre* baths: hot
and cold water every room; flrs crates la ever*
room; elevator run* all nlghC
¦ : - . t ¦¦>-...
Mid-summer Specials
Ladies' Silk Waists
In order to reduce 'our stock of this season's
$6, $7, $8, $9 and: $ 10 . si Ik waists before our
new fall assortment arrives we will have a
speicial sale on Monday at
S4.85 each
,N u b i a Rugs
Here is a veritable rug. bargain — Oriental
rugs in a great variety of beautiful and artistic
designs, size 27x54 inches, well woven, both
ends are bound with good. strong binding;
sale price $1.25 each
L e a t h e r; P u 1 1 e y Belts
all Price
We have secured a manufacturers' sample
line of this season's prevailing styles in lea-
ther pulley belts, at less than cost to make
and shall place them on sale Monday at the
special price of
'"¦'¦¦¦^¦'¦¦"¦* ¦ a*
y Similar goods have been sold by us at $1.00,
¦ fei .2^, and $1.50 each.
129 Kearny Street
SHreve £ Company
Will Close Their Store
3 P. M. on Saturdays
i
and other business days
June 30th to September 1st
inclusive
Market and Post Streets.
. Bubbles made of filtered castile soapsuds
and glycerine will last for days.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
* OF *
175 PIECES EXTRA QUALITY
DIFFERENT WIDTHS AND QUALITIES.
=
75 pieces 22-incli Swiss Talfeta 85c Yard
15 pieces 23-inch Swiss Talfeta 85c Yard
15 pieces 22-lncb Domestic Tafleta..$i.OO Yard
(GUARANTEED TO WEAR.)
50 pieces 26-inch Swiss Talfeta.... $1.00 Yard
20 pieces 24-incb Domestic Taiieta..$i.lO Yard
TO WEAR.)
. % IT
Please write for samples of above fire
dualities of Black Silks.
SPECIAL IN
FOULARD -SILKS.
75 pieces of 23 and 24 inch FOULARDS (pure
silk), in new shades of Blue, Grau,
Violet, Reseda, etc. j regular Drices 85c
and $1.00.
Reduced to 60c Yard.
HI, 113. 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET,
| | \ We Could Sin£ Their Praises j
for Years and Then Never Do
Them Justice by Word Painting
or Even by Eloquence.
H ! I i :
j . i
i-lni ¦ , r
THAT'5 THE STORY OF OUR
rt Serge is the suit of the
H frfe(f*V hofK '^&7'£%'W*g* tasty dresser.
•^ . Serge zs the suit of the
P& B 1 1 /T» r>/** ln> 1 1 ff 4f* refined dresser.
U? *U I %J KJ/ U I U tf . Serge is the suit of the
The^BIue'iiii^Vfhp Grav correct dresser, and we
u 7^4§||§&)T ' ' c ' a J ' have built serges as they
(A MOTHER'S Gx* -*" v t*JlER COUNTRY. 1 SitOUtCL Oe UZWbv, 1/lh a rLT/Q/L~
v\ t£~]l class, tailor-like man-
-— yJ N *v_I>ta8 and Music by PAUL DRESSER. -n Pt* 1 pmriTi fi n n T>nnm -Fni*
\ *r ±Z. TT* ± f^B^^^^^^^m^^^f" -^iy* 3^ detail is carefully looked
\ \—^-j-—jm^^^^^^^^^~~ J after in our serges.
* ~ /^^^^B^Sffi^^^S l^' 5 -"""^*^" last, to look well 'till the
1 ' r^^~ *^$^k£r^ such serge suits made in
J_J ¦ -l^-^l/'_ lG sty^ 6 which we pic-
= 3^^^^-. ACTUAL AND BONA=
I«t great da; || gUff *j|p^?j^M 3 r iy I r ti will . be there, . . ..' Per- FlflF J\l^
iBjr .. : W~2~=~ CCDfiC CfTTTC EfiD
. , , |pj JiSPl. !_j_ j — 'C MiKufc jUI 1 j rim
cec«8Mcec83C8C8ceoGaa)^
TH E FRISCO BOYS,
Corner Kearny Street and Union-Square Avenue.
Attention Is Invited to m. special Bale of.
PNEUMATIC
DRIVING WAGONS.
We hare received this month nearly one
hundred new things In PNEUMATIC TIRE
BICYCLE GEAR WAGOXS. with wire
trbeels and with wood hub wheels. These
wagor.s are a. KucceFS, and our stock is
mere complete that ever, at prices ranging
From $130 Upward.
\V> show the finest things built In Pneu-
matic Wagons, and at prices which have
not Leen eaualed heretofore.
7A/s is a Special Opportunity.
STUDEBAKER~BROS. %
Market and Tenth Sis.
L. F. WEAVER, Manager.
CATALOGUES FURNISHED.
~VBNMV[ARIANI
UARIAHI WiNE-WORLO FAMOUS TONIC
A mild etimulant, the only one that has no
unpleasant reaction, an<f that produces no
harmful effect*. This Is asserted aXter con-
tinued experience during: the past' thirty-six
years. During warm or debilltatlns weather
take Vin Mariar.l with carbonic or «oda, or
with chipped or ecraped Ice.
XII I>rues;:»t*. Refuse Substitute*.' j
P&l Cash or
**\IL litt!s-at-a-IIme.
— ' <^5^»
Handsome (P "7 00
Couches 4> * ir E '2 K
On* of Oar *Tawy and Timely Special*.
Send fl va cents In stamps for
Eoatase on new furnltur* cataioff.
THE J. NOONAN
FUBmCBE COHPAHT (lac),
fO/7-/O23 MISSIOn STREET,
ABOVE SIXTH.
Pime Soati 14. 8" rrualico.REV. FATHER AUGUSTINE Mc-
CLORY of St. Boniface's Church
(German), Golden Gate avenue,
near Jones street, will celebrate the
twenty-fifth anniversary of his ordination
to the priesthood next Friday. The sliver
Jubilee of, this popular priest of the Fran
clscan order will be marked by sdlemn
ceremonies and rejoicing by the congre
gation of the church. At 9 o'clock on
Friday morning there will bo a solemn
high mass, • with the reverend father as
celebrant. In tho afternoon' the children
o* St. Boniface's School will hold their
closing exorcisoa and offer their congrat
ulations to Father Augustine*. A grand
recoption will be tondered the a^od priest
in the ovoningr at 8 o'clock by the members
of St. Anthony's Sodality, in co-operation
with tho other spcicties of the pariah. A
musical and literary programme will be
rendered and addresses will be delivered
by Paul A- Meyer and others. . ,
The reverend father was born In Pitts
burg, Pa., on November 15, 1847. He re
ceived his preparatory education at St.
Joseph's College. Teutopolls, Efflngham
County, HI. His philosophical studies were
continued at Quincy. 111., and completed
at Teutopolis. He joined the order of
Franciscan Fathers on September 24. 1869.
and pursued his theological studies In St.
Louis, where he was ordained' to the
priesttiood on June 29, J575. ¦ <> l
In JS94 Father Augustine came to this
coast and established a church, school and
monastery at Sacramento. Two years
later he came to this city and took up his
work at St. Boniface's Church, where by
his earnest and realoua work and bis
genial personality he has endeared him
self, to the parishioners.
REV.- AUGUSTINE McCLORY OP ST. BOOTT ACE'S CHURCH.
BECOME ROUGH RIDERS.
Presidio Heights Republican Club
Changes Name in Honor of
• Roosevelt.
The Presidio Heights Republican Club
met last evening at Langtry Hall, corner
of California street anmd Central avenue,
to ratify the national Republican - ticket.
Sixty new members . were admitted,
among the number being twelve who are
Just 21 years old. The name of the club
was changed to the Presidio Heights
Rough Riders' Club.
The officers were elected as follows:
President, Frank H. Powers: first vice
president, Jul«s Voisinet; second -»lce
President, Warren Dibble; treasurer, O.
. Smith: secretary. P. J. Manning; exec
utive committee— J. .. K. Wilson. C. G.
Clinch, George R. Sanderson, 0. D. Bald
win. P. Kenzel, S. V. Leach, W. S. Simp
son. ¦ i
A dispatch waa addressed to Hon. Theo
dore Roosevelt as follows: "The Presidio
Rough Ridera' Club of San Francisco
sends conjrratulatlons." This was sent
to Oyster Bay, New York. Speccheo ln
dorsln? tho national Republican ticket
wore made by Messrs. J. K. "Wilson, War
ren Dibble, Frank H. Powera and others.
Three cheers were given for the ticket be
fore adjournment.
There is every prospect that the celebra
tion of the semi-centennial of the admis
sion of California Into the Union on the
9th of September next and on several days
to follow is going to be a grand success.
All the members of the sub-committees
of the general committee of the Native
£>ons are working enthusiastically to
make the celebration one of tne grandest
in th© history of the State.
Some of tne committees have selected
regular meeting nights. The committee,
on badge and regalia will meet on Mon
day nights; entertainment committee and
naval parade committee. Wednesday
night: excursion committee, parade com
mittee and "reception committee, Wednes
day night, and the music committee, Sat
urday night, at the Palace Hotel head
quarters. The grand ball committee,
printing committee and illumination com
mittee will meet on Friday nights in the
office of Grand Secretary Lunstedt.
To-morrow night there will be a meet
ing of the entertainment and scope com
mittees to agree definitely on the events
to be presented during the week of fes
tivities.
Th naval parade committee 13 consider
ing a number of suggestions to make tho
night parade on the bay and the sham
naval battle an event worthy of the oc
casion.
The grand marshal. Jn addition to send
ing circular letters to the many fraternal
organizations in this city asking each to
participate In the parade. Is arranging to
visit the representatives of the orders so
as to give such Information as will enable
them to make arrangements. At a meet
ing of the extension committee of the An
elent Order of United "Workmen last even-
Ing the subject of having a representation
In the grand parade was well thought of
and an Invitation was extended to Grand
Marshal Costello to meet that body, 'which
represents all the local lodges and the dis
trict deputy grand master workmen, at
the next meeting. July 14. An effort will
be made to Induce all uniformed bodies
of these orders to turn out with - floats
symbolical of. the work each order is en
gaged In.
Copa de Oro Parlor. Native Daughters
of the Golden "West, of Holllster, has an
nounced that It will take an active part
In the celebration. The several local par
lors, and In fact all of the parlors of Ni
tlve Daughters of tho State, In accordance
with the expressed wish of the recent
Grand Parlor, will, within the next two
weeks, discuss tho advisability of Jotalnpr
in the festival, and It la expected that
shortly each will five expression ef the
wish of, the members.
Want to Make Big Success
of the Grand Festival in
September.
ENTHUSIASTIC
NATIVE SONS
WORKING HARD
Wife of Dr. John Duncan
McLean Granted Legal
Separation.
" — _,
After a secret hearing of her appllca-
tlon for a divorce,, Edith Elizabeth Mc-
Lean has been freed from her husband,
Dr. John Duncan McLean. The decree
was granted Mrs. McLean by Judgb
Bahrs a week ago Saturday. Failure to
provide and neglect were the grounds on
which" her permanent separation from Dr.
McLean was sanctioned by the court.
In her complaint Mrs. McLean alleged
that she married her husband in Hor
nillon, Canada, In "1875. For years they
lived happily together, but something
over a year ago Dr. McLean deserted her
and refused to longer contribute toward
her support. Mrs. McLean engaged th«»
services of Bishop & Wheeler, and on be
half of that firm Attorney L. Hoefier con
ducted, the proceedings In secret. The
facts of the divorce became public prop
erty yesterday, however.
Suits £or divorce were filed yesterday
by Margaret G. Laing against J. A. Lalng
for failure to provide; Hal Morse against
Mary E. Morse for desertion; George V>'.
Amsteln against, Mamie Amstein for de
sertion, and Anna Llnd against Charles
Llnd for failure to provide.
GIVEN DIVORCE
AFTER CASE IS
HEARD SECRETLY
CAMPAIGN WORK
OF REPUBLICAN
DISTRCT CLUBS
Bolls Opened Last Evening
Not to Close Until
June 30.
WIL.I< GO THROUGH LIFE
- TOGETHER.
THE host of friends of Alexander W.
Pape will be pleased to learn of his
engagement to Miss Agnes Walsh,
a charming young lady of this city,
daughter of the late John T. Walsh, JJ. 8.
A. (retired).
Mr. Pape Is* widely known as an ath
lete. He has been the amateur champion
single sculler of the coast for two years
and Is also noted for his feats, as a swim
mer. He is prominently Identified with
the Olympic Club, tho Dolphin Swimming
and Boating Club 'and is also a member
of the National Parlor, N. S. G. W. His
brother, Eric Pape, is one of the noted
Illustrators of America,. his work appear
ing regularly In the principal magazines.
Mr. Pape Is an attache of tho American
Biscuit Company.
The friends of the young bride arid
groom, to bo, await with Interest the
further announcement of the day on
which they will bo united In marriage.
liotween June 30 and July 9 the Joint ex
ccutive ar.d advisory committees of the
Republican County Committee will hear
complaints If any be filed. The an
nounced purpose of the governing body
of the party In San Francisco is to give
every Republican elector residing In the
city an opportunity to Join a regularly or
ganized and legitimate club and partici
pate in the manayanent of party affairs.
It is presumed tr tt the clubs will nom
inate delegate tic ;cts to be voted for at
the primary elect on on the second Tues
day of August. The grog shop loafers,
racetrack touts and railroad hirelings can
be excluded from the Legislature and po
litical conventions if the good citizens of
the party will Join clubs, attend meetings,
register and vote. The interest manifested
in enrollment last evening by the taxpay
ers and other good citizens indicated a
determination upon th* part of Republi
cans to ?end good delegations from this
city to the nominating convention. In
£«veral Assembly districts the number
eigning the roil exceeded the early calcu
lations. An approximate estimate places
the number enrolled last night at 1400.
Complaint w.ts mad<> to the county com
mittee that John J. Curry, committeeman
of the Forty-third I.istrict, was inclined
to be somewhat arbitrary. The voters of
the Forty-third must make a little ;allow
ance fur Curry- He is new in the party
and not familiar with Repnblican meth
od?. When he figured in politics prior to
thin campaign he was known best as the
candidate for State Printer on he Demo
cratic ticket. In many respects Mr. Curry
is a man of mature and pound judgment.
Having- served in all political parties, he
repards the Republican party as the best
for the country and Curry.
The outgoing State Executive Commit
tee of the Democratic party did not
transact business yesterday owing to fail
ure in efforts to rally a quorum at the
California Hotel.
A call has been issued for a mooting of
the outgoing Democratic State Central
Committee on next Wednesday at 11 a. m.
The enrollment of Republican voters, as
a preliminary step toward the formation
of. a club in each Assembly district, began
last evening. According to the plan
-adopted by the Republican County Com
mittee the rolls will remain open for sig
natures until Saturday evening. June 30.
The plans provide for the election of club
officers on the evening of July 9.
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: A brave
man sacrificed bis life to save that of another,
thereby i«rformins an net of true heroism. The
business men and the members of the different
theaters of San Francisco are making an effort
to show their appreciation nf true hprolsm by
aldtner to alleviate tho distress of the widow
and children of a true hero. Can ycu not sug
gest to the different churches of San Francisco
of all denominations that they, too, may do
fund subscription list in the hands of Fire
Chief Sullivan yesterday by sending in a
check for. $250, which is the largest dona
tion yet received from any source. There
were many other generous responses, and
Fire Chief Sullivan now has over $1800
on hand for the widow and children of
brave John Sweeney. The grand total of
subscriptions from all sources now foots
up over $4000.
The following valuable suggestion was
received yesterday at The Call office and
may be acted upon to-day:
HIS SILVER JUBILEE
TO BE CELEBRATED
"That the said John Sweeney, age SI.
nativity California, occupation fireman.
residence 9Vi Sheridan street, in the city
and county of San Francisco, came to h!3
death at St. Mary's Hospital, in said city
and county of San Francisco, on the 20th
day of June, 1900. And we. the under
signed Jurors, further find that the said
John Sweeney came to his death acci
dentally while discharging his duty as a
faithful fireman through inhalation of
flame and external burns involving nearly
one-third of the surface of the body.
F. B. Pomeroy (foreman). Gua Clark.
William N. Beaty. N. L. de Soto, Frank
Daunet. James Eagan. Daniel J. Martin,
John McDevitt. Bert Butler.
Coroner Cole held an inquest over the
remains of the dead fireman. John Swee
ney, yesterday, and the verdict was as
follows:
Z-ology in Coroner's Verdict.
movers' Protective Association. $50: Louis
Glass. $20; Gladding & McBean. $10; Mr?
A. Peseta. Jo: Engine Company 3. J20-
Truck 1. $32 50; Engine Company 31. $10;
Jim McHugh, $1; E. S. Pillsbury. $20; Uni
versity Club, $25: George R. B. Wells. $3:
Samuel S. Curtis. $10: H. Llebea. $2i>-
Truck 5 and Engine 22. $20: Engine 23. $10;
"M.." $3; Arctic Oil Works. $25; J. D. Me-
Gillivray, $20: J. Featherstone. $3; George
Duffleld. $5: J. F. King. $5: E. C. Heine.
50 cents; John Barnett. $3; James Stanton.
?25; Mrs. Barren, $25; Mrs. Dr. Egan, $3;
O'Connor, Moffatt & Co.. $25; A. Lack
mann. $30; I. w. Hellman Jr.. $25: M. Sa
badin. 50 cents; Weinstock. Lubin & Co..
$10. Previously acknowledged, $633 75.
Total. $1815 25.
E. X. Boukofsky, the ex-policeman
charged with assault with a deadly
weapon on complaint of P. O. Driscoll.
gripman. had the enarge reduced to simple,
assault by Judge Mogan yesterday and
was fined $2», with no alternative. Bou
kofsky got drunk four weeks ago and ran
amuck in the Western Addition. He was
expelled from the police force, and as no
one was injured the Judge thought he
had been punished enough.
Boukof sky Let Down Easy.
C=, iHE Associated Theatrical Managers
• have taken hold of the grand bene
fit for the John Edward Sweeney
11 fund with that sort of enthusiasm
tha-t bespeaks how mucn their
hearts are in tlie work. They have deter
mined to spare* no expense to make it one
of the greatest affairs of the kind ever
bold in this city from a financial as well
«s an artistic point at view. Kvery dollar
that is taken in will go into the iund for
the benefit of the vriaow and children of
the dead tire hero.
There was an enthusiastic meeting of
the managers in the office of Jlinager
John Mornsev at the Orpheum yesterday,
at which every theater in the city was
represented. They found awaiting them
a huge pile of notes and letters frum
irifmbtrs of. the profession and alt>o from
*l large number of amateurs offering their
services for the big entertainment. To
give the entire list would be to copy the
liame of every actor, musician and thea
tt-r attache that appears on the play bills
at ail the theaters and add to that the
names of very niar.y clever amateurs who
reside in the city. They all not only offer
ihiir services in the good cause but al
most beg to i>e placed on the programme
that they may be able to do something
for the family of the brave lire-man.
It was decided to leave the programme
to a committee, of which Manager Mor
risey was made chairman. The plan is to
give a three-hour entertainment by the
very best talent in the city. So much
that is good has been offered that cannot
possibly be utilized that the managers
have about decided to limit it to the num
bers of the profession who are now ap
pearing at local theaters. A possible ex
ception ¦will be made in deference to Fire
Chief Sullivan, who has requested that
two special numbers on the list be left
for him to fill. The managers feel sorry
that they will not be able to use the ama
teur ta^nt, but the programme must be
limir.ted.
Will Meet to Arrange Programme.
This morning at 11 o'clock Manager
Morrisey will meet with the three stage
managers who have been* appointed on
the committee and Press Agent Phil Hast
ings cf the California and commence the
preparation of the programme. The stage
managers are George E. Lask of the Tiv
oli W. A. Cripps of the California and
Harry Orndorrf of the Orpheum. The
aim will be to get together the brightest
bits of drama, burlesque, farce, opera and
vaudeville that can be had in the city
and to put them together in a way that
will be sure to eaten the popular fancy.
It will be the greatest show ever given
la the city at any price, although the ad
mission price has been placed within the
reach of all— at $1 for reserved seats.
The prices of boxes and loges was fixed
yesterday— that is, a minimum price was
«=et upon those favored places. The lower
boxes will be sold for $25 each, second tier
boxes $20, third tier boxes $li>, loges (two)
$25 each and palco boxes (two) $20 each.
If a purchaser wishes to pay more than
the stated price the "premium" will be
cheerfully accepted by the managers, who
make no 'secret of the fact that they hop©
to make a neat sum out of the boxes
alone. Exchange tickets are already on
sale at the box offices of the various thea
ters, and 3000 have been sent to the Fire
Department to dispose of. The regular
box office sale will open at the Grand
Opera-house office on next Tuesday morn
ing at S o'clock.
Edr.a Wallace Hopper, the well known
actress, who arrived in town rather un
expectedly yesterday, set a good example
by purchasing J.v> worth of tickets. Many
theatrical people have asked for boxes,
but will have to take their chances when
the sple begins. Then* will be a strong
tendency to show special favors to payers
cf high "premiums." p
No Deductions for Expense.
No expenses whatever will be connected
with the show. The cost of lights, cos
tumes, etc., will be settled betwer-n the
managers. Owens, Varney & Green and
the Sterrett Show Printing Company,
who have furnished the bills for the en
tertainment, sent in receipted bills for the
work they did yesterday. There will
be no programmes or flowers fur sale
in the theater. One dollar will entitle a
person to see the entire show without
any annoyance and will pay the entire
bill. It is proposed to give the people
their money's worth.
The Musicians' Union has volunteered
the services of all the men who may be
needed. There will probably be several
chestras present from the various thea
¦rs. and it may be decided to combine
iem under one leader for a grand eon
¦rt number. There is so much fine ma
rial that It is really very difficult to de
de just what to do.
Owine to the large number of actors
FUND OVER FOUR THOUSAND.
Handsome Showing Made by the
Fire I>epartment Yesterday.
James L. Flood swelled the Sweeney
PAPE, THE OARSMAN,
WILL WED A BELLE
who will take part it will be impossible
for them to dress at the Grand Opera
house. The carriage companies have
agreed to carry them free of charge from
the dressing-rooms of their respective
theaters to the Grand Opera-house and
to carry them back apain after the show.
At the prices offered if the Grand Op
era-house can be filled, as it certainly
should be for the credit of the city, it
is estimated that fully $3300 will be real
ized from the entertainment. But the
managers hope for and expect more from
premiums, and will be very much sur
prised if the total sum does not exceed
$4000. ¦
Grand total. . . .$4,020 80
Chief of Police Sullivan secured $200
more from the men - of the second watch
yesterday, making a total of 1450 for his
department thus far. He expects to se
cure fully as much more.
The following subscriptions were re
ceived by Fire Chief Sullivan yesterday:
James L. Flood, $2.»0: Lev! Strauss. J50;
Bowers Rubber Company, $50; Sachs
Brothers & Co.. $25: a friend. $5; Voss.
Conrad & Co.. $50; K. P. Dinnigan. $5; O.
M. Brennan. $20; Redington & Co.. $25;
Judge AY> H..Beatty, $10; H. S. Croclrcr
Co., $20; Georee H. Meyer, $5; Raphael
Weill & Co.. $25: Sterling: Furniture Com
panv, $10; Meese. Godfried & Co.. $10; F.
A. Hvde, ?50; F. Nelson, $20; Building-
something In the same cause by appealing to
the congregations on the ensulnsr Sunday?
Respectfully, ROBERT WILSON,
700 Car>P street.
People need not hold back their sub
scriptions because they fear the fund will
become too large. It is Intended to raise
a sufficient sum to provide an annuity for
the widow and her four children that will
keep them out of want until the children
are grown and are able to take care of
themselves and their mother. It is esti
mated that it will take at least $15,000 to
do this properly. The cause is a good one
and everybody ought to give something.
r.o matter how small the amount.
Fire Chief Sullivan wishes to warn the
public, through the columns of The Call,
that unauthorized parties are collecting
for an allegred Sweeney fund. No one i3
authorized except theatrical agents and
the uniformed men of the Fire Depart
ment, who carry tickets stamped with the
Fire Department seal.
Following is the list of subscriptions re
ceived to date, the first total being- the
amount handed in at the business office
of The Call: ¦
Previously acknowledged. . $483 00
Mrs. *N. Van Bergen. ... 500
Three Lady. Friends. ... 2 50
Total. . . . . . $490 50
From other sources. . . 1,265 05
Police Department. ... 450 00
Fire Department. . . . 1,815 25
Theatrical Managers Enthusiastic
Over the Prospect That It Will
Be the Greatest Entertainment
Ever Held in This City. '
PLAN A MONSTER SWEENEY BENEFIT
Fund Raised by Private Subscrip
tion for the Widow and Children
of the Heroic Fireman Now Ag
gregates Over $4000. ./ : ¦
Pap 23 to 32
Pages 23 to 32
AST FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 1900.
The consumption of cotton per head of
Germany's population has more than dou-
bled since 1S75..Thomas Gannon, aged 16 years and re
siding at 232 Crescent avenue, while try
ing to pass between two cars of the Mis
sion electric line at the carhouso at Mis
sion and Twenty-ninth streets last even-
Ing, was caught and squeezed. to such an
extent as to necessitate his removal to
the : Railroad Hospital on Fourteenth
street. Fortunately for the youngster the
cars were not moving at a rapid speed,
or he would have been crushed into a
shapeless mass. As it was he was badly
hurt and may have received internal in
juries of a serious nature.
Squeezed Between Two Cars.
Tho new plant of the Union Settlement
for philanthropic work, which has Just
been opened In Harlem', is one of the finest
in N«w York and cost over $40,000.
Boss Again Escapes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, June 23.— For the third
time a Washington Jury has failed to con.
vict Angus Ross of conducting a faro
game. The case has been reset for July 7.
Aged Florist Severely Injured.
Louis Drronohis. a«red 72 years, was se
verely injured by being thrown from a
r.-3£rtn at Twenty-ninth and Mission
streets yesterday. Dfrouohig was on his
way into the oity from University Home-
Ftead with a load r>f cut flowprs when the
horse h«» was driving took fright at som«
imaginary object at Twenty-ninth street
end ran away, throwing the aged man
rut of the wagon. Whfti picked up it
was found that D^rourhis' right forearm
wa? broken. He was conveyed to the City
end County Hospital, where the limb was
F*t. From pains in his chest it is thought
that he may have been Injured internally.
Henley Regatta Entries.
LONDON, June 23.— The official list of
entries for the Henley regatta, which
takes place on July 4. 5 and <5, shows the
rowing club of Brussels Is the only for
eign entry for the Grand challenge cup.
Eton will compete for this coveted trophy.
The Berlin Rowing Club competes for the
Stewards' Challenge cup. while B. H.
Howell of America. Fritz Miller of Brus
sels, and Prevail of Nice, comnose the
foreigners competing for the Diamond
sculls.
easily. Around the Tar turn Boland began
to let down his mount, but only slightly,
the first three moving to the pole denoting
the final quarter-milv to the wire' half
lengths apart. There Gibson surely would
go to the front, thought the crowd.
Sidney Lucas Takes the Lead.
But it was Sidney Lucas which was
moving to the front. Boland urged Lieu
tenant Gibson. He passed James for a
few seconds, but Sidney Lucas was in
front.
"Gibson is beaten!" sounded the cry,
first of surprise, again in tones of despair.
And Gibson was beaten.
Shortly afterward he was caught be
tween Sidney Lucas and James and his
progress slightly, interfered with. Boland
would have had to go around, but the
two were leaving the carrier of many
thousands of dollars of public money be
hind. There, between the quarter and the
eighth posts, was decided the thirteenth
American Derby. Thompson Brothers'
colt outstripped James, and an eighth of
a mile from home he had two open lengths
to the good. For an instant Gibson ral
lied and drew up slightly ahead of James,
but it was his last rally.-
On to the wire, graining at every stride,
came Sidney Lupas. Past the judges*
stand he galloped, six lengths before
James. The latter was second, eight
lengths before the^even-money proposition
on which Boland had been making every
effort known to trained jockeys in a futile
effort'to arouse his mount. Bui- it was no
use. Gibson had dope his best. Tom Bar
rett's mud horse Barrack was four lengths
behind Gibson and two and a half before
Advance Guard, while Sam Phillips, the
second choice, brought up the rear.
May Never Repeat the Trick.
- Looking back at the race It Is still hard
for turf critics to see why Gibson lost,
and equally difficult to figure out ho.w
Sidney Lucas won. He was beaten by
Advance Guard in the Canadian Derby,
and that race was supposed to militate
strongly against his chances in figuring
a possible winner. Of James little was
known except that. he had performed well
in several Eastern races. Sidney Lucaa
may never again beat this field at the
weights, but he to-day had the blue rib
bon event of Washington Park to his
credit in 2:40%. creditable, considering the
conditions, and his owners are richer by
$3975, the amount of first money. The own
ers of the second and third horses receive
$2000 and $1000, respectively. The summary
follows:
One mile — Sam Fullen won. Modrlne second.
Larkspur third. Time, 1:45%.
Six furlongs— Reminder won, Mr. Brown sec
ond. Fly-by Night third. Time. 1:1614.
The American Derby, mile and a half— Sidney
Lucas won, - James . second. . Lieutenant Gibson
third. Time, 2-AOM;
Seven and a half furlongs, selling— Great
Bend won. Moroni second, Orion third. Time,
1:87%. .
Four and ' a half furlongs — Criterion won,
Alard Schreck second, Sofala third. Time,
:69%.
Overland Park "Winners.
DENVER, June 23. — Results at Overland
Park:
Pacing-— Raymond M won In three straight
heats. Time. 2:10. 2:11, 2:12^. Red Seal. Rob
erts>. E $ and Kate Medium also started.
Trotting— Our Lucky won third, fourth and
fifth heats and race. Time, 2:17 l i, 2:13, 2:17.
Thompson took first and second heats. Time.
2:17V». 2:17U- Trilby P. Dudie Egmont, Hazel
G and Electant also started.
Four and * half furlongs — Tiny P won.
Trouble second. Orator third. Time, :55. ¦
Six furlongs— Panamlnt won. Several second.
Billy Underwood third. Tim*. 1:13*;.
One mile — Alarli won. Master Mariner sec
ond. Colorra third. Tlm«. l:43»i.
Five and a half furlongs— Miss Nettle won,
Kunja aecond, Tempse third. Time, 1:10.
CHICAGO. June 23. — The American Derby for three-year-olds, one and a. half
miles, $10,000 added: )
THIRD RACE— One and a halt miles; three-year-olds; the American Derby; $10,0)0
added; ;
Index. Horse. Weight. |St. Km. -Tim. Str. Fin. | Jockeya. | Betting.
"77! Sldney~Lucas 122 6 ... 3 1H 3 2 12 16 i?uliman | 20 to 1
... James 122 2 ... 11 I Vt 3 3 28- Mitchell | 6 to 1
, ... Lieut Gibson 129 3 ... 2 tfe 2 1V4 2 Vt 3 4 Boland Even
... Barrlck 122 1 ... 5h 5H 5 6 4 24 P. McDermott 20 to 1
... Advance Guard 122 5 ... 6 i I'*. 4 3 5 12 Taral 9 to 2
... Sam Phillips 127j 4 ... 4 n 6 6 6 |T. Burns 14 to 5
Fractional tlme-:25 2-5, :52 2-5. 1:19 2-5, 1:46-%. 2:13 2-5, 2MV*. Winner ch. c. by Topgral
lant-Addle C. OfT at the second break to a perfect start. Won eased up. Second and third
the same. . •_
Damp and Foggy "Weather Interferes
With the Club's Expert xtod-
Wielders.
The eighth of the series of contests of
the San Francisco Fly-Casting Club were
held yesterday at Stow Lake, Golden Gate
Park. The casters encountered weather
which was damp and foggy, interfering
somewhat with good scores in general,
although some of the individual work was
exceptionally good. Golcher cast 124 feet
in "distance" and was followed by Lovett
with 121 feet. Carr and Skinner tied with
95 per cent in "accuracy," while Everett
won the "delicacy" event with 87 9-12 per
cent. Lovett carried off the honors in the
"lure" casting event with a score of
5>5 3-5 per cent, while Carr and Edwards
tied for second place with 87 4-5 per cent.
The scores follow:
FLY-CASTERS AGAIN IN
ACTION ON STOW LAKE
"PEPPERS" GO DOWN.
Erie Track.
Jockey Moxley Injured at the Fort
BUFFALO, N. V., June 23.— There were
many falls in the steeplechase at Fort
Erie to-day. Quicksilver was winnlnj tho
event away off when he fell over the next
to the last jump. Moxley's collarbone
was broken. Results:
Six furlongrv-yiHce Farley won. Invasion sec-«
oni. Cherry H«-ad third. Time. 1:14.
Five furlongs — Ethel Wheat won. Formal!*
second. Lasker third. Time. 1:02.
Seven and a half furlongs — A "Winner won.
Mile Post .»»cr>nrt. Jucoma third. Time, 1:34^.
* The Swift stakes, value $1000— Six and a half
furlongs — Quaver won. Bell Punch seconti,
Springwells third. Time. l:2O'i.
One mile and a sixteenth — Flax Spinner won.
Tip Gallant second. Highland Prince third.
Time. 1:4S*«.
Handicap, steeplechase, short course— Slashed
won. High Admiral second, Oracle third. Time,
Big Price for a Trotter.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. June 23.— Th« bar
gelding trotter. John Nolan, 2:08. -was sold
to-day by Hubinger Bros, of Hartford,
Conn., to O. G. Kent of thia city for Jl?.*
000. Willis O. Foote will continue a9
trainer and the> horse will start in th«
grand circuit races at Detroit ajid Cl*-v<>
land and possibly elsewhere, but Mr. Kent
obtained Nolan to use him at the mati*
nees of the Glenville Driving Club. Ana
conda, b. g., went a mile In 2:*>6>.* on ex
hibition at the matinee of the driving clutj
this afternoon.
Educators to Marry.
STOCKTON, June 23.— Announcement !»
made of the wedding of Alisa Anna Koh
ler, teacher of English in the Stockton
High School, and Professor Earl Barnes,
formerly of Stanford University. The
wedding will take place next Wednesday.
Professor Barnes and bride will sa:l for
Europe, July 26.
CHICAGO, June 23.— Sidney Lucas, al
most neglected in the betting at
odds of 20 to 1, won the thirteenth
American Derby this afternoon at
"Washington Park. Six lengths behind
him was the Eastern colt. James, and still
further back, struggling to no avail, was
the vaunted public choice, the even money
favorite, Lieutenant Gibson. Barrack.
Advance Guard and Sam Phillips brought
up the procession, which carried little joy^
to the 30,000 spectators who saw the great
classic decided. That rush of Sidney Lucas
through the stretch and that falling back
of Lieutenant Gibson were so sudden, so
startling, that they fairly stupefied the
crowd. No tumultuous applause for the
winner when the . contenders cantered
back to the judges' stand! No wild dem
onstrations from those who had wagered
upon his chances! Only faint applause
from a scattered few greeted Jockey Bull
man and the Topgallant colt. .
Eight out of every ten horsemen whose
opinions are accepted as valuable had
picked Gibson to ¦win and win easily over
a track supposed to be just to his liking
—slightly Blow and holding, but drying
out rapidly under the bright sun. Per
haps not one in a hundred had picked
Sidney Lucas to turn the trick; certainly
not one in a thousand imagined he would
win practically off by himself. The atti
tude of the crowd was almost that of
sullen disappointment, yet it was a true
run race under the conditions. Lieuten
ant Gibson, the favorite, had no excuse.
¦'Sara Phillips, the second choice, was in
about the same unfortunate category.
Thus the great event passed into turf an
nals "and registered tho ninth defeat of
a favorite in a race which has' been con
tested thirteen times.
Immense Crowxl Present.
Before the result, mourned by so many,
had thrown its damper upon the spirits
of nearly all exce~pt the bookmakers, the
scene was one of animation. Flashes of
color in bewildering profusion shone out
from the swell turnouts and automobiles
and in the field where society viewed the
race. From the clubhouse, even more se
lect, there was one bewildering array of
pretty Women in derby gowns, while in
the grand stand, where a great majority
settled* to pay honor to the game thor
oughbred, supreme on Derby Day-, there
was a bewildering and kaleidoscopic
sprinkling of thqse dainty tints which
form the costumes of women and enhance
their beauty. Against this setting the
sterner apparel of their escorts framed
the background. Yet with all the society
features it was a crowd draw"n largely
from the people. The men and women who
attend races but once a year were there.
They appreciated everything and inmost
instancs fared the best on the day, for
they had no messengers to execute com
missions in the almost Impassable betting
ring. ' -.
When the starters . and? Jockeys were
posted for the star event of the day the
crowd, or rather the male portion, surged
in almost endless streams toward the
ring, where the penclllers stoon on their
little stools offering odds. The booths,
prevalent on Western tracks, were miss
ing; instead there was the system of the
East, more on the handbooking plairi.
Only the hardy stood through that crush.
0MERICAN DERBY WINNERS.
When at last the bugle called the six
chosen thoroughbreds to the post there
was a hushed expectancy. All were eager
to see the royal purple of "Board of
Trade" Charley Smith, borne ky Lieuten
ant Gibson, for the colt had not mqde a
public appearance In Chicago. 'The ex
pectations were more than realized. He
was the only really racy-looking young
ster in the bunch, his mincing and > side
stepping plrouettings standing out in
contrast to the rather dejected appear
ance of the balance of the field. Sidney
Lucas attracted attention, but it was the
attention bestowed upon red flannel band
ages upon his forelegs.
Looked Like a Cripple.
"It's too bad to start such a cripple,"
said, one sympathizer.
Others smiled knowingly In derision.
The colt appeared as if he would wel
come death as a providential escape from
heavy care. But that was before the mile
and a half Journey had been traveVsed.
Around to the start at the half-mile
post slowly wended the field. There the
nervous temperament of Lieutenant Gib
son showed In his uneasy shlftlngs. One
false break, in which Advance Guard was
bolting sideways the barrier arose, and
then Starter Dwyer dropped his red flag,
signifying a start.
"They're off!" came that old, familiar
cry from the immense throng.
Barrack's nose was in front, with James
second and the favorite third. Gibson's
position was what concerned the public,
and it was satisfactory. ¦
Around the stretch turn and down the
straightaway for the first time, swung
the field. Coming past the grand
stand Lieutenant Gibson, fighting for his
head, was leading by a head, and James
running almost as easily but without that
overwhelming desire to rush to the front
was second. Sam Phillips, the hope of the
Schorr stable, with Jockey Tommy Burns
in the saddle, occupied third position. The
disconsolate looking Sidney Lucas was
fourth, with Barrack and Advance Guard
bringing up the rear.
On pwept the fleld past the quarter
pole, Sidney Lucas displacing Sam Phil
lips i in third position. Jockey Mitchell
loosened hie wrap on the reins through
the back stretch and James moved to
¦the- van. He was only a length before
Gibson, who had Lucas at nis saddle
girth.' Still therewas no indication of the
impending disaster. The son' of G. "W.
Johnson and Sophia Hardy was. going
and the timid were glad when the. race
AMERICAN DERBY WINNER AND HIS POSITION DURING THE RACE.
FORM OF AMERICAN DERBY.
"Doc" Flvnn Wins a Fieht
Special- r>t!=aa.tch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. June 23.— "Doc" Flynn
of the Olympic Club got the decision over
Rudolph Grossman, a local man. In a ten
round go before the San Rafael Athletic
Club this evening. The contest went tha
limit ana the referee. Australian Tim Mur
phy, awarded the fl^ht to Flynn on points.
Many of the Grossman men were dissatis
fied -with the decision, but the majority
saw that Flynn waa too fast for the local
man.
Sidney Lucas, at 20 to. 1, Finishes Six Lengths in
Front of James, With Lieutenant Gibson a
Badly-Beaten Third.
TWO 10 T0 1
SHOTS WIN OUT
AT UNION PARK
Imported Fine Fire Makes a
Poor Showing With
Clover.
Ctrong Hares Provide Good Tests of
the Greyhounds Entered in the
Big Stake — Royal Flush
Favorite.
It was a bad day at Union Coursing
Park yesterday for some top-heavy fa
vorites. Thornhill. at 3 to 1. was retired
pointless by Emma. M. Master Workman
retired Rock Island Boy at 5 to 1 and was
immediately followed by R. K. de B. Jx>-
Yf-z's Minnie AVa Wa, which'sent the fast
d"g Narcissus to bis kennel. Narcissus
led, but once Minnie Wa Wa was placed
en the hare she proved too clever and too
t-ersistent for him. The favorites were
thtn successful until Fine Fire, the Eng
lish dog, met Clover. The talent made
>';n<» Fire a 10 to 1 favorite, torgetting the
pevere course he had last Sunday with
For Glory. He led by two lengths and
then s-iopped. Clover uoing sufficient work
to win. Fine Fire's snowing was a dis
appointment to his admirers.
Sara beat tiylvanue 3 to 1, Sally Brass
beai d'Hau n io i. Atnena otat numraer
i to 1 and Silver U'ings beat -Mose 8 tu L
This ended the fireworKs lor the day, al-
Uiougn Me Kinky iie:iriy provided an-
Otbt r upset, »s he met Slim in a long
course in which each scored ten points.
At the next attempt tne Curtis representa
tive won handily.
Ben Lomond, a candidate for the rich
Futurity stake, ran like a champion,
i. eating J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory.
Royal Flush i:ns been instated stuke
favorite in the lor.g "dds book. His sliow- j
ir.g y*?ttrday jusuliea* th:s, us the biack ]
oog ran in h:s best form. Whitehead and !
For Glory aio next in demand. The tor- :
mer injured a pad on one of his leet in !
rurninpr in nis course yesterday. Tha ;
wound i? so slight he will sulfer but little j
inconvenience irom it. Warship is fa- |
\ored by some bettors, although he will
be called upon to meet Royal Hush early ]
in the stake. After him in the favor of
bettors come Rural Artist, Sir Pasha,
Cavalier, Candelaria. Sisqubc, which is
not at his best yet. and Risky Attempt.
The- results of yesterday's running, with
Judge John Graces - omcial scores, fol
low:
C. W. IV>nner'e Wild Xorah beat Erwin &
Lyrnf Si!\er Lyon. 8—0: t\ B. Oharlepworth'p
Crawford Brae* heat J. F. Cole's Mlrabilia.
ti—fi; J. I>ean'5 f'.fquoc heat J. Carroll's Erin's
Hope. II— 3: H. Lynch'o Lexington beat J. R.
Smith's Petrinius. lit—*; Pasha Kennels' Round |
Abiut. a bye. <"ra»ford Priory withdrawn; F.
A. Mr-Comb's Patriot, a bye. Grenada with
drawn: H. a. L»eckelman's Lawrence heat Con
r.ell Bros.' Dunnior", 4— f '; H. Lynch's Emma
M beat T. J. Cror.in's Thornhill, 4—0; F. A.
MrCciir.b's Sir PaFha beat Aeneid Kennels'
Alaid of Erin. 31—7: D. ¦?\ - in<1or(« Lundin Links
beat W. C. G!aBsins SleiKMtellr. &— 3: R. E.
de B. Lopez's Wanda b?at J. Hurley's Shy-
Jock lioy, 5—0; j. j. Kenney's Winninfr La»
fie beat P. J. Rpfily's Ploughboy. 2—0; D.
Winder'*- Random Aim beat J. Byrnes' Eleven
fpot. 4 — 2; J. t^mith* Master Workman beat I
t> Abercrombie'e Kork Island Boy, S — 3; R. j
E de B. Lopez's Minnie Wa Wa beat Curtis
A Sen's Narcissus, 11—*; Pterl & Knowing' For i
Glory beat T. A. Gaffney's False Flatterer. !
15— S; E. M. Keilogrg's Kid M«.'oy beat J.
Maher'* Swedish, *— T; P. Cronin's Master Gor
don beat J. L. Rome's Wild Wave, 4-0; G. W.
Heinti* Herpchel'F Pride beat H. Lynch's
Lyddite. 14—3: F. Pehou'B K/nupeler beat C.
Griu'c Martha Washinitton, S — 3: Curtis &
S^n's Candelaria beat Connell Bros.' Pt. Helen,
T— 3; D. Winder ¦ Risky Attempt beat R. P.
Julian's Sweet MuMc, 3—2; l'a?ha Kennels'
May Herr.pMead beat T. J. Cronisi's Daisy i
t.'ale. 12 — £; Captain Clarkson's Golden Garter
beat J. IVan's Gallant, 4—3; Curtis & Son's
Cavalier beat. J. Byrnts' Olympus, 6— <¦; Lande
it Oerber'p Rienii b?at J. Dean's Lady Clatf,
12—*; Rus»e!l, Allen A: Wilson's Lady Emma
beat J. Martinet's Bernal Boy. 4 — o; T. J.
Crenln't "VVlld Trale* beat Connell Bros.' Good
ty, 6 — 5; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Master Clair
beat W. Cairns' Imperial, 7—2; Com^ll Bros."
< "lover beat Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire, 6— C;
Connell Bros.' Log lioy beat E. M. Kel-
Joieit'e Ben'f Babe. 10 — 5; J. Byrnes' Bat
tleship btat Kay Bros.' Hawker. 11—3; I
J. Hurley's O K Capitol beat Kay Brothers' I
Pudlr-y Diamond. is-O; E. M. Kellorg'* Sweet
}.—.-¦-. beat T. Logan'e Mies Grizzle, 4-0: H.
A. Deckelmaji's Snapshot beat Curtis & Son't
Fhadcw. 12-e; Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon
beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's Rosie Clair. 8-6;
Russell. Allen & Wilsons Ma«ic beat Jeff Mar
tenet's Bill Foster, f-«; G. Sharrcan's Bowery
Boy a bye, i^t. Anthony withdrawn; R. E. de
B. L<>pez'f Sara beat .1. R. Bmith's f=y]?anus,
4-1; H. Lynch's Lottie M beat Barte!s Brothers'
Best Bargain. ll-«; J. Martenet's Sally Brass
beat Sterl i: Knowles' O'Hara, 7-5: Aeneid
Kennels' Athena !>eat E. M. K-elloeg't- Hum
mer. b-Z: H. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot beat O.
Whitney's Run Amuck. 16-0; R. E. B.
Lopez's Whitehead beat Barteis Brother*'
Betsy Barrow, i-3; Erwin & Lyon's Silver
Wir.es beat R. L. Taylor's Mose. 2-0: F.
Srhnu> Kirk's Borderer beat H. A. Deckel
man's Glen <"hloe. 5-1; Russell, Allen & Wil
son'B Epiteful beat T. Logan's Leah. 5-0; G.
Abererombie t Victor King beat Pafha Ken
rels' Real Lassie. T-5; G. Whitney's Theron
beat Pterl & Kn^i\-le.«' Rusty Gold. 12-10; J.
P. Thrift's St. JJicharl beat W. C. Glasson's
FafUonin. .'-:; llaher & Reid's Bad Boy beat
W. A. Bmner*! Saturn. 16-3: Curtis & Son's
oh Glcry beat Al Austin's Thorndale. K-4; F.
A. MoComb'p Royal Flush beat Captain Clirk-
Fnn's Head Water. Ki-4; Curtis & Son's 3Ie-
Kir.ley beat J. *Urtenefs .«!im. 10- y>, -5-0;. M.
London's Magneto a bye, Carmencita not ap
peariTig; G. . Abercrnmbie'g Rock Island King
Veat J. P. Xhrifff Forget. 3-1; P. J. Reilly's
T^'arFhip beat J. R. Smith's Jennie Wilson,
4-.": Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat D. Win
<3*r'e Nancy R, 4-2: Bartels Brothers' Beer
Brewer beat J. Hurley's Hun^rane. 6-3: Curtis
& S^n's Anchor beat Pasha Kennels' Royal
Arne. 4-3; Curtis & Son's Kinit Coltcn beat
Pasha Kenne!s' Rest Assured. S-3. 3-2: Curtis
i Son's Maud 8 beat J. O'Dowd's Fhootover.
r- fl ; Murphy 4- Perklnsnn'? Ben Lomond beat
J. J. Eiimondf" Morning Glorj'. 3-:; J. E.
Chambllle's Hot Foot beat J. 3. Edmonds' Go
On. 2-o.
The talent had things its own way at
the Ingleside Coursing Park yesterday in
the run-down of the open stake. Favorites
won ail but a half-dozon of the courses,
which throughout the day were mostly of
the povere order.
The course between Cruiser and Chicago
Boy furnished quite a little excitement.
Cruiser was a despised outsider and the
talent thought so little of his chances
that It quoted 25 to 1 against him. The
pikers took a few tickets on general prin
ciples and quite a play was made on the
event. The dogs were slipped to a flukey
liare that favored Cruiser at every jump
and almost ran into his mouth. The short
ender barely m!rt?cd the game several
tirms. and during the first half of the rim
had he made the kill would have beaten
his opponent pointless. Chicago Boy
finally grot in his work and won out, to the
great relief of the plungers.
Lily of the West was beaten by Belle
Claire, who sold on the short end at 2 to 3.
Bflle was the best in the race, showed
the speed and did good work. The win
ner i* in good position to reach the finals.
Bonita went oufto Miss Allen at 2H to 1,
¦which were fals? odds. The winner meets
Klttleman to-day, with chances against
her. Lowlandcr. in a race lasting nearly
two and a half minutes, got the flag from
Storm King. The hard work will Interfere
with him. though he Is in good trim.
Lowe <£ Thompson's kennel did some good
work. Five of their entries got decisions.
Palmflovi'er >von a long, hard race from
Hard Lines, and though she Is iVi good
position to get well down on the card the
rough work will probably tell against h*r.
The general long courses of yesterday
make to-day's races close and even for the
better class' remaining in the stake.
Following are the day's remits, -with
Judge O'Reilly's official scores:
Oprn stake: First round— A. Frank's Loiterer
beat Georpe Pintos Glad Hand. 12-3: It Mich
ilikl's Terronite beat L.. Young's Bootblack.
T-0; J: Mori«rity's Snapper Garrison bent J. I.
O'Brien's! States-man. 4-0: Dan O'CooneU'a
Satan beat Lowe & Thompson's Society Helle.
12-1: r>. K. Carter's High Jinks beat J. Rock's
Minrrva. 4-2: Russell, A_I>n Ai Wilson's l>Pl!e
Claire beat E. D. Fallon's Lily of the WoFt,
•S-5: J. Potter's Rtinus beat B. F. Jackson"?
Glen EMer. 7-2: S. Han?en's L. S. Conley beat
\V II. ritman'f- Alex. K-5: Russell. Alien &
"Wilson's" Miss Alien beat D. Ford's Bonita.
!;.:«: J. Mortality's Kittlerr.an beat AV. H. Pit
man's F.pmeralda. 12-3: Kelly & Hanlpy's Baby
Kin? b»at R. Roberts' Coronado. 4-2; A. John
ron's Lowlander beat P. DinRle'p Storm Klnc.
15-S; .1. Futton's Master Lawrence brat F.
Perry's Black Beauty. I 0 -* 1 : J. Kennedy's Ever
fure beat J. H. W. Mutter's Moonstone, 0-1;
Lowe Jt Thompson's Cora Pfarl beat P, Din
gle'p Cash In. 6-0; Russell. Allen & Wi'.pon'a
Chicaso Boy beat J. 'H. W. Mullet's Cruiser,'
12-5: J. W. WoodE' CltrT "Wilson beat IJ. Rob
erts' Lady Hulda, €-2; J. Farrell's Cash Pay
beat M. J. Welch's Lady Xorborne, 3-2; F.
Perry's England beat T. A. Gaffney's Recoil.
15-H; Russell. Allen &• Wilson's Daisy Claire
beat M. J. Welch's Mil'.dale. 12-1: J. Caveney's
Juliet- beat A. Johnson's Bald Eagle, 10-4:
Captain Cane's Miss Penman beat J. Seeger
s=cn's Gold Hill. 24-3: D. Inland's Twilight Jr.
beat J. C. Williams' California. 7-?: r». Dilion'a
Europa beat Onrtain Cane's Master Davenport,
7-3; P. Brr>phy's Benicia Boy beat G. W.
Heintz's Coquette. 5-1: B. F. Jackrnn's Krag-
Jorgens^n beat Charles Brown's Glenn'da. 3-0;
A. L. Austin's Firm Foe beat W. H. Shear's
Aiarue. 6-0; A. Van <1en Burg's N'aughty Girl
beat J. Kennedy's "Wine West. 4-3: J. Moilar
ity'F Jimmy Anthony beat E. Hood's Dempsey
Lass 4-2: George Breuhn's Monogram beat
George Duffy's Master John, 7-1; I^fl-we &
Thompson's Prince Hal beat B. F. Jackson' a
Turquoise. 9-Z; Lowe & Thompson's Scotch
Reel beat F. C. Mack's Delia M, 4-2; Lowe Si
Thompson's Over the Border heat J. McEn
roe's Admiral Pampson. 12-9: T. Tierney's Tea
Rose beat E>. Shannon's 'Safeguard. 14-!: J. I.
O'Brien's "Wanderine Tom beat J. II. W. Mul
ler's Terrona, 13-9; Farley Brothers' Morse Pa
trol a bye; S. Handy is Lady Huko beat D.. Dil
lon's Dewdrop, 6-1; Lcwe & Thompbon's St.
Oran beat G. Lahusen's Firefly, 6-2; Maher &
Reid's Slnpleton beat George Pinto's Mischief.
5-0; J. Potter's Palmflower beat D. Toland's
Hard Line*, 26-4".
Long, Hard Coursing Is the Order
in the Eun-Down of the
Open Stake at In- .
gleside.
With Big Odds Against Him
He Has His Opponent
AlHmtOU
CRUISER FDR A
WHILE HAS THE
TALENT SCARED
NEW YORK. June 23.— At the Sheeps
head Bay track to-day Jean Sereaud was
favorite in the Sheepshead Bay handicap
at 3 to 1, with Imp a strong second choice
at 5 to 1. Bendoran rushed into the lead
and showed the way up the back stretch,
two lengths before Imp, Jean Bereaud
and Today, who were closely bunched be
hind. Uendoran increased his lead going
round the far turn and led into the stretcn
by four lengths. Imp and Jean Bereaud
were head and head behind, while Grey
feid, who had been quietly played at 8 to
1. began to close from last place, where he
had been running up the back stretch.
One by one he passed the different horses
and then set sail for Bendorar., who was
nearing the judges, but fast tiring. In a
few more jumps he was up to the leader,
and passing him ten jumps from the wire
won a good race by a half length in
1:40 4-5. Imp was third, three lengths
back of Bendoran. Summaries:,
Five furlongs, selling — Harlem Lad won,
Ontlurdis second, Annie Thompson third. Time,
1:01 2-5.
Six furlongs — Marlbe'rt won. His Royal High
ness second, Montanlc third. Time, 1:15.
Fjve and a half furlongs— Water Color won.
Smile second. Outlander third. Time. 1:07 1-5.
Mile, Sheepsheaii Bay handicap— Greyfeld
won, Bendoran second. Imp third. Time,
1:40 4-5.
About two and a half miles. steeplechase-
Trillion won, Ochiltree second. Plate third.
Time, 5:22 2-5.
Mile and a sixteenth, on turf, selling— First
Whip won, Rare Perfume y second. The Rush
third. Time, 1:47 3-5. '
EASY FOR QUEEN DIXON.
Champion Stakes at St. Louis Bun
During a Driving Storm.
.?
JUNE OAYLE BLOWS INL_
ST. LOUIS, June 2).— The first race to
day was run in a driving rainstorm. The
feature of the card was the junior cham
pion stakes, valued at $2000. at six fur
longs. Queen Dixon was the favorite In
the betting at 3 to 5. She was never in
trouble, getting off in the lead and hold
ing it to the ¦wire, winning in easy fashion
by a length from Amphere. -which was a,
block ahead of Sard, the only other
starter. Results:
Six and a half furlongs, purse— Also Ran II
won, Miss Loretta second, Mascogne third.
Time. 1:25 V
Mile and three-sixteenth?, selline— Sadie Levy
wpn, Koacio second. Wood Cut third. Time,
2:09 ! j. Hungry Hill finished second but was
disqualified. s
Mile selling: — Myth won. Muskalonge second,
Elb3 third. Time, 1:45^.
Plx furlon&s. Junior champion stakes. 12000—
Que«n Dixon won, Amphere second, Sard third.
Time. 1:17»?.
Mile and a sixteenth, handicap — Crockett won,
Applejack second. Guide Rock third. Time.
Slx^furlongs, handicap— Judge Wardell won.
Lord Neville second. Miss Mae Day third.
Time, 1:17%.
Six and a half furlongs — George Arnold won,
Harry Duke second. Malay third. Time, 1:24.
Son of Henry of Navarre Wins Cov-
in'gton Spring Stakes.
CINCINNATI. June 23.— J. D. Smith's
good Henry of Navarre c61t. June Gayle,
won the Covington Spring stakes at La
tonia to-day In a gallop. The winner was
an odds-on favorite and heavily played.
Sam Lyons cut out the pace to the stretch
when June Gayle was given his he^i and
the rest was easy for him. Sam Lyons
got the place in a hard drive from
Menace. The race was for two-year-olds
at five and a half furlongs.
The long-distance race was only*!i gallop
for Gooseliver. The victory of Osmon, at
30 to 1. in the fifth event was a hard blow
to the talent. Ennomia. the hot favorite,
did not show on the boards. The track
was fast. Results:
One mile— Marlon Lynch won, Sadie Burnam
second. Our L4da third. Time, 1:4IS»- •
Five furlonps — Tom Embry won. Bonnie L»l»
pak second, Syncopated Sandy third. Time,
1:02%.
Mile and a half, selling— Gooseliver won,
Fannie Taylor second, Bentley B third, Time.
2:36. . /
The Covlngton Spring stakes for two-year
olds, five and a half furlongs— June Gayle won,
Sam Lyons second. Menace third. Time. l:09>.i.
One mile. selllnK— Osmon won, Honey Wood
seeord, Margaret Hereman third. Time,
1:41»*.
Six furlongs— Iris won. Crinkle second, Mae-
Laren third. Time. 1:16.
California. Sprinter Lasts Long
Enough to Get Second Plaice,
\ . s Three Lengths in Front
of Imp.
Bendoran Makes a Bold Bid,
but Tires Near the
Finish.
SHEEPSHEAD
BAY HANDICAP
FOR GREYFELD
TATTERSAI.I/S, CHICAGO, Juno &-.
Terry McGovern to-night upheld hi> rp,»
utation as king of all feather-weights by
defeating George Dixon, the ex-chnrv , ,
in six round3. Dixon, although n ;
knocked out, was in distress and he. <-'. .
for dear life as the bout ended. The ftjrtu
was fast and furious from beginn:~sr to
end, with Terry on top of his man all (t%
way. Dixon tried in every conc<\
manner to get the advantage.', bui u'.ij
blows did not have the steam behind
them that his younger opponent was dea
ing out.
McGovern took matters easily during
the first two rounds and the colored boy
landed repeatedly and near the end of th.s
second round staggered McGovern with a
vicious blow on tne jaw. McGovern recov
ered quickly, however, and was forcing
the fighting when the round ended.
McGovern awoke in the third and trot in
some of hl3 famous short-arm jolts to
Dixons stomach. Dixon clinched re
peatedly to avoid McGovern. but the lat
ter kept after the colored boy constantiy
and Dixon looked troubled as the round
ended.
Dixon did some good wort in * ne next
two rounds, but McOovern was too
strong and made the veteran brea.c
ground several times, in the last round
It was all McGovern. He went after
Dixon with both hands, but Dixon
dodged the issue and grabbed Terry
around the neck at every opportunity ta
escape punishment. McGovern worlte-l
haru to Keep DiXQn away anil right, bu;
th£ latter would n<r**»oner step back than
he would come in again and hold Mc-
Govern for dear life. liven in thia man
ner Dixon received a severe beatinK an I
was very weak at the end of the affair.
The men met at catchwclghts. McGov
ern having about three pounds the better
<%f it. The betting was even money that
McGovern would knock out his man, but
very little money was placed. McGov
ern was seconded by his manager. Sammy
Harris, and Andy Daly, his sparring part
ner. Tom O'Rourke and Harry For be .4
looked after Dixon. Malacht Hogan wa«
referee and pleased the greater number of
the spectators present by announcing Mc-
Govern the winner.
In the preliminary Lawrence Temple of
New York, Dixon"? sparring partner,
knocked out Jack Brin of Chicago in the
second round. After six fast round*
Buddy Ryan of Chicago was given the
decision over Andy Daly *of Boston (Mo-
Govern's sparring partner), Daly was the
heavier of the two, but Ryan was too
clever for him and won by a good margin.
Joe Perconte of Milwaukee lnst to Ol<s
Oleson of Chicago on a foul In th»* third
round. The blow, which was a short honk
to the groin, wa? accidental, but after
waiting ten minutes for Oleson to recover
he was unable tr> continue and the referee
gave him the fight.
Maurice Rausch of Chicago defeated
Jack Palmer of Akron. Ohio, in six
rounds. Fred Morris, better known as
"Muldoon's Cyclone." was defeated In six
rounds by John "Willie of Chicago.
Fails to Score a Knockout, but at tat
End of the Sixth Bound tha
Colored Lad Is Much
Distressed.
Has the Game Ex-Champion
Going Prom Start to
finish.
McGOVERI GETS
DECISION OVER
GEORGE DIXON
GREAT AMERICAN DERBY WON
BY A DESPISED OUTSIDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 1900^
24
NAME.
Edwards ....
Young
Golcher
Pklnner
Ixivftt
Brooks
Carr
Muller
Kverett
Brotherton ..
?% >i Event No. 8, Q<
ST 3 3 3 Delicacy. g 3
JT~ c ~ 1 C"
?*-;*• *1 II i; ?•*
Is r 1 " I : M
: g. : : : :
~. "sTi 91.4 84 71.8 82.10 87 4-5
... 106 n.i 91 76.8 83.10......
... 124 92.4 87. S 84.2 So. 11
95 SO 72.6 81.8
.... 121 S4.4 90.4 82.6 S6.5 95 3-5
.... 85 66.8 86.4 70 78.2
, 93 8S.8 82.6 84.7 S7 4-5
... 100 93 83.4 83.4 S3. 4
... 101 93 93 83.6 87.9
.... 109 S».4 ES 72.6 S0.3 80 1-5
Year.
HORSE.
Weight.
Jockey.
Value, i Time.
1884 Modesty
1S85 Volante
1S86- Silver Cloud
18ST C. H. Todd...
18S8 . Emperor of, Norfolk...........
1SS9 Spokane •....
1890 Uncle Bob
1891 Strathmeath
1S92 CariBbad .......:
1893 Boundless V.. ;
1894 Key el Santa Anita... ...' .'
18S8 Pink Coat......
1900 Sidney Lucaa.. ....."...
117 I. Murphy $10,700 2:42%
Itt I. Murphy 9,570 2:49^4
121 I. Murphy 8.160 2:37Vi
118 Hamilton 13.690 2:36^
123 I. Murphy.. 14.340 2:4OVs
121 Klley 15.440 . 2:41«.i
115Vi Klley 16.260 2:56%
123 Covln^ton 18.610 .2:4»^i
122 Williams 16,930 3:04%
122 Garrison .' 49. BOO . -2:36
122 Van Kuren; 19.730 2:36
127 W. Martin 9.425 2:42%
122 Bullman 10,000 2:40%
Year.
HORSE.
Weight.
Jockey.
Value, i Time.
1884 Modesty
1S85 Volante
1S86- Silver Cloud
18ST C. H. Todd...
18S8 . Emperor of, Norfolk...........
1SS9 Spokane •....
1890 Uncle Bob
1891 Strathmeath
1S92 CariBbad .......:
1893 Boundless V.. ;
1894 Key el Santa Anita... ...' .'
18S8 Pink Coat......
1900 Sidney Lucaa.. ....."...
117 I. Murphy $10,700 2:42%
Itt I. Murphy 9,570 2:49^4
121 I. Murphy 8.160 2:37Vi
118 Hamilton 13.690 2:36^
123 I. Murphy.. 14.340 2:4OVs
121 Klley 15.440 . 2:41«.i
115Vi Klley 16.260 2:56%
123 Covln^ton 18.610 .2:4»^i
122 Williams 16,930 3:04%
122 Garrison .' 49. BOO . -2:36
122 Van Kuren; 19.730 2:36
127 W. Martin 9.425 2:42%
122 Bullman 10,000 2:40%
NAME.
Edwards ....
Young
Golcher
Pklnner
Ixivftt
Brooks
Carr
Muller
Kverett
Brotherton ..
?% >i Event No. 8, Q<
ST 3 3 3 Delicacy. g 3
JT~ c ~ 1 C"
?*-;*• *1 II i; ?•*
Is r 1 " I : M
: g. : : : :
~. "sTi 91.4 84 71.8 82.10 87 4-5
... 106 n.i 91 76.8 83.10......
... 124 92.4 87. S 84.2 So. 11
95 SO 72.6 81.8
.... 121 S4.4 90.4 82.6 S6.5 95 3-5
.... 85 66.8 86.4 70 78.2
, 93 8S.8 82.6 84.7 S7 4-5
... 100 93 83.4 83.4 S3. 4
... 101 93 93 83.6 87.9
.... 109 S».4 ES 72.6 S0.3 80 1-5
I fa
Cure Colds j
by keeping your botvels open. CASCARETS will do it without \
grip or gripe and drive the cold right out of you. Just as soon »
as you "feel like faking cold" take a CASCARET— there is 8
NOTHING SO GOOD. ' H
;¦ JJ^^st^^k CANDY CATHARTIC w
5* A sweet bit of candy medicine, purely vegetable, absolutely 'JS
§ harmless; never grip nor gripe. A sale of over 5,000,000 boxes §
S a year— 10c, 25c, 50c— proves their great merit. Be sure you a g
§5 pet CASCARETS, the only original, genuine Candy Cathartic, $}
I Best for the Bowels j
Disorders of Hen
. STRICTLY RELIABLE.
• Sr TAT POTT
BpSf & CO
fS^V /M\ \7ARICOCELE CURED IN ONB
<SsSas3yff/Jl\ \S^ treatment without operation.
pSgSNjS^jX^/l \ \\^» Blood Taints. Contracted Disorder* and
¦ [^SjHrs/ II \"V every form of "Weaknwi" a specialty.
\ \A I II Q^. ' W« make a »peclalty of eases which
\ Va- / / 1 hav» fcecotne chronic and fcompticated
\ W^A // // from reflect cr improper treatment.
'I // NOT a "Weakness" bnt
By far th« most frequent cause of so-ealled "weakness" of men is e^ron 1 " in-
flammation of the Prostate Gland. This gland Is the very center of the reproductive sys-
tem. It can readily be understood that Inflammation of any organ will cause disordered
function of that o?«n. A remedy that wau.d cure a real wealcne,, would make an
inflammation worse. Hence the necessity for correct diagnosis Many men who havs
unsuccessfully treated for weakness wlli now know the cause of failure. Our cractico
Is devoted to this condition, together with contracted aliments. ¦
The only «peclall«ts in San Francisco with a thoroughly equipped hospital traln-i
nurses, etc.. tn connection, for the accommodation of out-of-town patients and other*
wishing to remain during treatment.
Fees reasonable and may be paid in Installments as patient sees his improvement.
Private laboratory. No charee for remedies.
__ Full Information cheerfully mailed In plain envelope.
Office hours — 9 a. tn. to Tl p. m.. Sunday* Included.
997 MARKET STREET. Entire Uooer Floor. Cor. 6th Street.United States Senator Geo. C. Perkins
received an ovation as he was presented
to the audience. His speech was a strong
and persuasive argument for McKinley
and the principles of the Republican
party. He said:
The Republican party is in a buoyant mood.
In our rejoicing to-night there is no wavering
of mind. The party has cleared a broad path
for national Improvement during its forty-four
years of life, with honor to our country and
to our flag. Kmancipation of slavery was the
¦work of our first President. Abraham Lincoln.
Emancipation from idleness was the beneficent
task allotted to the esalted leadership of Wil
liam MeKinley.
Senator Perkins Gets an Ovation.
The reading elicited cheers of approval
Alden Anderson, th^i next speaker, said:
Hon. William R. Davis, Chairman Republi
can Ratification Meeting: I heartily Join in
ratification of MeKinley and Roosevelt. Ala
meda County will give them over 4000 major
ity sure. A. 'H. BREED,
Chairman Alameda County Republican Central
Committee.
Greetings to the Republicans of Alameda
County. With McKinley and Roosevelt as
standard bearers our success next November
is assured. JULIUS KAHN.
O. R. Lukens, Oakland, Cal.: I greet the
alliance on this auspicious occasion. McKinley
and Roosevelt means continued prosperity and
progress. I propose three cheers for the ticket.
GEORGE C. PARDEE.
SAX FRANCISCO. June 23.
Mr. Chairman, we do well to favor with our
support and enthusiasm the Republican party
and Its principles'. No recollection In my lit*
affords me greater satisfaction than that it
was my privilege to cast my first vote for the
Immortal Lincoln, and that experience will
be repeated next November when. I vote again
for another grreat American — William McKln
ley.
Chairman Davis read the following tele
grams:
We are to be congratulated that the party is
united and determined for success in this cam
paign and the man calling himself a Republi
can who will inject factional prejudices 01
political personalities Into the contest Is un
worthy the name.
on election day. If he Is a member of your
club he is not so likely to forget or neglect to
register. No man In this State can vote at
the comln? election unless he registers before
the 26th day of September. What an oppor
tunity for the club to prove its value, to the
party. There are many other Wayg of doins:
good; and there are the social features. It is
my candid opinion that if every Republican In
California would join a club and maintain his
membership, the party would never again meet
with defeat in this State.
Permit me to say a few words upon the sub
ject of clubs. For the past stx years I have
been Identified with club work throughout the
country, and realize the benefits resulting to
our party through these organizations. The
club Is now recognized as one of the most ef
that every Republican In California may soon
be enrolled as a. member of such a body. %Ve
ask you of the Alliance, of the Young Men's
league, the Pondlnky and other clubs here to
night to see that your neighbor or acquaint
ance, whose leaning Is toward the Republican
faith becomes a member of your club; make
special efforts to secure the young man who
will cast his first vote this year, also those
who will soon become first voters. The Indi
vidual can do no bet<fr service to his Darty
than to secure one more intelligent voter; and
I take this opportunity on behalf of the State
Committee and the Republican party of Cali
fornia to extend our cordial Kreetlncs to the
Republican clubs and to assure them of our
hearty co-operation in the coming- work.
Now. for a few reasons why club orranlza
tlon is such an aid to the party. It is an un
fortunate truth that many Republicans are in
different to the obligation Imposed by the po
litical franchise. If a man becomes a member
of a club he will almost surely go to the polls
Mr. Chairman. Ladies and Gentlemen: I did
not come here to-night to make a speech, nor
shall I try to do so, but it Is a privilege for
me to take part in this grand meeting of en
thusiastic Republicans who have assembled to
ratify and confirm by their voice and presence
the choice of our delegates In convention for
the exalted positions of President and Vice
President of this great republic, and that such
a gathering is the work of Republican clubs is
most Eratlfylnc. .
Colonel George Stone, chairman of the
Republican State Central Committee, fol
lowed with a speech urging the organiza
tion of Republican clubB throughout the
State. He said:
Colonel Stone for Organization.
The American people are worthy of their lib
erties and equal to their destiny. They know
what agency to employ, what party stands for
the nation's progress and territorial Integrity,
what administration secures prosperity, what
men to trust to carry out those principles and
purposes. Our will with theirs will be regis
tered aright in November, 1900.
and maintains our position of International re
spect In the world to-day, Republican protec
tion which is the source of our unexampled
prosperity; Republican policy which makes our
exports exceed our imports by more than a
billion of dollars per annum: Republican
statesmanship and courage administering the
affairs of thla vast nation at home and vindi
cating the flag of this republic -wherever as
sailed. All this the Democratic party has op
posed and opposes yet. Misguided citizens of
this nation have passed word to American
islands that the enforcement of American law
and order Is oppression, but th? inhabitants of
these Islands will soon learn that the rightful
authority of American civilization and govern
ment is not the sword of a new oppressor come
to strike down, but the sacred blade of ire«
dom come to liberate and lift up.
•Portuguese Union Picnic.
OAKLAND, June'23. —Portuguese Coun-
BERKELEY, June 23.— Postmaster Vin
cent has arranged the new districts In
West and South Berkeley, has mapped
out the carriers' routes and appointed
August Vollmer and ' E. L. Gregory car
riers. The new system will be inaugur
ated July 1. ¦ . -
New Letter Carriers.
OAKLAND, June 23.— Police Judge
Smith to-day held Dr. J. Ambrose Sander
to answer to the Superior Court on a
charge of assault to murder, with bonds
fixed at $1500. Sander, fired a shot at James
K. Dickinson, a West Oakland saloon
keeper, during a row over some property
several weeks ago. The bullet narrowly
missed the saloon man.
Dt. Sander Held to Answer.
OAKLAND, June 23.— The police are In
possession of a supposed infernal machine
which was found this evening near Oak
land Park by William Gauge of 45S Twen
ty-flrst street. The machine consists of a
small red wooden box containing a hard
roll of paraffine paper. Through the pa
per are arranged three electrical wires,
one of which connects with a small trig
ger. It appears to have been made to
operate by a spark of electricity, but no
one about the City- Hall had the temerity
to give the deadly looking object more
than a cursory examination.
SUPPOSED INFERNAL
MACHINE IN OAKLAND
effected" a temporary organization pre
liminary to the formation of a permanent
union. J. B. Reball was temporary presi
dent and J. Lubln secretary. After
speeches by C. D. "Rodgers and John C.
Dernell, financier of the International
Cigarmakers' Union, the meeting was
adjourned until next Wednesday evening,
when permanent organization will be ef
fected.
« o ¦
In Germany, between Dusseldorf and
Crefeld, a distance of fourteen miles, an
express train Is run by electricity at a
maximum speed of thirty-seven miles an
hour.
Consul Billows Sails.
PORTLAND, Or., June 23.— Hon. E. C.
Billows, recently appointed Consul Gen
eral at Yokohama. Japan, sailed to-day
on the steamship Monmouthshire.
HONGKONG, June 23.— The Oregon
sailed this afternoon. L.1 Hung Chang la
remaining In Canton.
THE OBEGON SAILS.
Extreme Cruelty Alleged.
'. OAKLAND, June 23.— Gertrude Axx
commenced suit to-day for a divorce from
John F. Axx. She alleges extreme cruel
ty. Axx Is a painter and resides In Berke
ley.
'OAKLAND. June 23.— George Olson, 19
years old, employed at the Standard Plan-
Ing Mill, stepped into a vat of boiling'
water accidentally this afternoon, very
seriously scaldinp his right leg. lie was
cared for at the Receiving Hospital.
Workman Badly Scalded.
OAKLAND, June 23.-Thc Master Plumb
ers' Association met last evening at Gier's
Hall and elected the following: officers:
President, F.^F. Furey; vice president, M.
J. Mitchell; secretary, J. Martin; treas
urer, O. C. Kirk; sergeant-at-anns, T. J.
Brady.
Plumbers Elect Officers.
ell Xo. 7, Portuguese Union of California,
¦will hold an excursion Sunday to San
Jose, where a picnic, with games, prizes
and dancing will be held at Agricultural
Park. A broad-gauge train will leave
Oakland pier at 9:30 o'clock a, m., stop
ping at First and Broadway, East Oak
land, San Leandro, Haywards and Nile3.
The returning train will leave San Jose
at 6 o'clock.
OAKLAND, June 23.— The County Board
of Education has issuc-d teachers' certifi
cates to the following: Grammar grradi*—
W. Stanley Clymer. Llvermore; Camilla
D. Lowe, Knights Ferry; primary grades
—Ralph Wilklns Souer. East Oakland:
Mrs. J. C. Hearsey. Dtmond: Miss M. Fay
Snow, East Oakland; Miss Elizabeth liar
gpst Agier; Alviso Road, San Jose; Miss
Mllllcent Archer Ward. Lorln: Grace M.
Row*. Alameda. These are the success
ful applicants In teachers' examinations
Teachers' Certificates Issued.
First company— Captain, W- F. Chip
man; first lieutenant. J. "W. Tompklns;
second lieutenant. H. P. Carlton; first ser
geant, W. C. Wallace; sergeant, E. Ai.
Hall Jr.; sergeant. John Mitchell; ser»
geant, Frank "VV. Frost.
Second company — Captain, G. H. "Wet
thern; first lieutenant. J. "W. Stetson:
second lieutenant, J. V. Campbell; first
sergeant, Abe P. Lrf-ach; sergeant, O. D.
Hamlln; sergeant, C. D. Bates Jr.; ser
geant, Carlton W. Greene: color sergeant,
J. W. Harris; outside lights. Robert J.
Boyer and H. X. Sloper.
Colonel W. C. Little, honorary com
mander; Lieutenant Colonel S. J. Taylor,
commander; Major H. A. Melvin, vice
commander.
President Republican Alliance. Oakland:
Please convey to the members of the Repub
lican Alliance my thanks for their enthusiastic
message and my hope for a full realization of
the success which they anticipate.
WILX.IAM McKINI^ET.
Executive Mansion. Washington, D. C.
Following are the officers of the alli
ance:
With a. dra.matlc climax the meeting
was closed by the reading by Chairman
Davis of the following telegram from the
President of the United States:
Message From the President.
Mr. McKInlay reviewed In eloquent
story the lives of the Presidents, and
evoked cheer after cheer in his perora
tion uwon the President and Theodore
Roosevelt.
And this word, "imperialism," has been in
vented as a catch word like "free trade" and
"free silver." It i.« a 11* as to any policy which
can be pursued under the constitution of the
t'nited States. Xo President, no ConsresK. no
Supreme Court can take away from the people
those liberties which are their own, and the
cry of "imperialism" Is nothlntr but the effort
of a demaeoirue to catch votes. In this cam
paign men are not to be swayed by excitement,
but by careful thought In the quiet of their
homes.
Figures are dry matters, but look »t these:
In 1S92 when President Cleveland took office
with the promise that conditions rrould be bet
tered, the w?alth of the 1'nlted States was $56.
000.O0Q.000. In 1536. aftpr four years «f lVmo
cratic rr.le. it had decreased to S44.0O0.0QO.M0.
In three years of Republican control It has
reached the tremendous total of JSO.OOO.OOO.OOO.
"But when the tempest of war came, the
other was standing out calm and serene, ever
ready to meet with strong band and mind the
storm over which he triumphed," continued
McKInlay. "These two men, the Nebraska
statesman and President MeKinley of the
United States, stand now before eighty million
people who are to say which shall lead them
for the next four years. There can be no doubt
of the result if the people shall be permitted
to understand the issues which shall be sub
mitted to them."
the Bhore line of comfort and ease and
tried by mouth work to win the people.
After PonRs by the Elks' Quartet, Dun
can E. McKInlay was introduced as one
who had risen from the ranks of th»
tollers. Mr. McKInlay drew a lesson from
a parallel of two seamen, one gold-laced
and haughty, who steered his vessel in
smooth waters near the shore, the other
who sailed for the open sea. When the
storm came the first was lost, the other
fought and conquered the tempest In tri
umph. The first was the Nebraska states
man wlfo had, said the speaker, taken
McKinlay Draws a Parallel.
I don't believe in quarantine, but if even a
man or a party should be placed in quarantine
It Is that man or party which cannot realise
the beneficent results derived from, our wise
Republican administration.
During our administration we have paid off
more than $40,000,000 of the debt left by the
already refunding J298,(H>0,0OO of the' national
debt on a 2 per cent basis, saving thus J1S.000,-
TjO a year in Interest.
And this bubonic plairue party over In San
Francisco would place California In quarantine.
If It had not been -for Preeident MeKinley that
would have been done. As soon as he learned
through Colonel Stone and other distinguished
citizens that no such plague ever existed he safd.
"Remove that quarantine," and he did remove
the embargo that was placed on our fair State
Just as he removed the blight of stagnation
after ho took the oath of his high office.
I say front personal observation of many
months that not since the days of Lincoln have
tve had such a clean, upright, pure and patriotic
President as William McKlnley. *
least the courage to punish dishonesty when
ever it shall be discovered. The Republican
party ha9 inspired the confidence of . the na
tion, because as a party it has kept its prom
ises to the people. The Democrats are rallied
around a party of negation. When all was
dark with distress and depression four years
agro the Republican party came in and save
to the people a'Ueclaratlon of principles. Where
thpr*j was want of conflcl<?nce everywliere and
starvation In the land, to-day there Is not a
man or woman In this broad land who can
not find employment at reasonable wages If
they are willing to work.
Everywhere Is confidence, and confidence
means enterprise. Prior to the election of
President McKlnley the balance sheet in favor
of th» United States as against the world, for
the 100 y^ars of our life as a nation, was $311.
000,000. In only three years we have raised that
credit balance in our favor to fl.-lQO.OOO.OQO. We
have done this and have carried on a jrreot
war— but not a war that was sought by our
President. It was a war of humanity and re
sulted In the grandest victories of the century
on land and pea. The result wan the acquisi
tion of a territory across the ocean. The Phil
ippine Islands are to-day as much a part of the
United States as California Itself, and the
honor of the nation was pledged to maintain
law and order there. Had we not pledped our
selvrs to do that our Democratic friends who
are throwing missiles would have been the
first to say impeach the President. If any
thing has ?one wrong in the Philippines it is
the fault of Coneress, not of the President.
PROMINENT ORATORS AT THE BIG REPUBLICAN RATIFICATION MEETING,
MADDENED BULL
SAVAGELY CORES
RANCHER DENIS
Farmer Nearly Loses His
: Life in a Battle With,
the Brute.
Rescued From Beneath the Angered
Animal's Horns by a Workman
Who Heard the Wild
Bellowing.
Charles Rob!:i8on. a farm hand, heard
the bull's bellowing, and suspecting the
cause ran to l:is employer's assistance.
Robinson attacked the animal with rocks
and succeeded in diverting the creature's
attention long enough to drng Denis out
of reach. Doctors Mfere summoned and
gave surgical attention to the farmer's in
juries. There is danger of serious Internal
complications. a?nl the patient will have to
be extremely careful.
The battle occurred in a pasture whero
the ferocious trute was kept. He was
known to be of a most vicious temper, but
until this occasion had always been un
der restraint. Denis went to the barn in
the lot to take the animal to water. While
leading the bull through the lot the beast
suddenly bellowed and with head lowered
made a wild charge at the rancher. Denis
tried to escape, but the bull caught him
on its horns and tossed the helpless man
and then gored him. breaking several of
Denis' ribs and crushing him severely as
he lay prostrate and dazed.
In a desperate fight for life against the
savage attacks of a maddened bull Frdnk
Denis, a Mount Eden rancher, was neariy
gored to death yesterday afternoon.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. June 23.
REPUBLICANS WILDLY ACCLAIM THE
NAMES OF McKINLEY AND ROOSEVELT
Betail Clerks Organize.
OAKLAND, June 23.— At a meeting held
last evening in Cigarmakers' Hall, 1054
Broadway, the retail clerks of this city
The steamer Valetta has been detained
by the British naval authorities. She was
taklne arms north.
The British cruiser Pique and the tor
pedo-boat destroyer Hart sail for Shan»
hal Wednesday. - •
The British gunboat Red Pole has sailed
suddenly for -Canton.
HONGKONG, June 23.— The British
transport Hailong, with twelve sappers
and a thousand tons of stores and am
munition, leaves here immediately for
Taku.
BRITISH BOATS ACTIVE.
Republicans of the Thirty-third Assem
bly District held a meeting last night and
organized a club for the coming campaign.
The meeting was called by James Hen
nessey, executive county committeeman
of the district. Max Blum was appointed
temporary secretary, and William Black,
Charles McMurrer, Felix Dugan, J. F.
Williams. Joseph Healy, Samuel Brown,
Thomas Wadsworth, Larry Cull, John R.
Kelly, Harry Ricks, John R. Mil]»r. John
Carsons, Max Brunig, Thomas Hennessy
and Harry Kwlngs were appointed en
rolling committee.
Organized for the Campaign.
Extension of the Pound Limits to the
County Line to Be Pressed
With Ben«wed Vigor.
There was a large attendance of dele
gates present at the meeting of the Fed
eration of Mission Improvement Clubs at
Holly Park Club rooms last night. The
intention of holding an election of offi
cers for the ensuing six months being an
incentive for delegates to show up, as
the presidency of this organization is
looked to as being of sufficient importance
to draw forth a close vote.
Prior to going Into the election, how
ever, remarks were made by Delegate Dr.
E. N. Trello on the necessity of the Feder
ation urging on the Supervisors the ad
visability of passing an ordinance extend
ing the pound limits to the county line.
Facts and figures were produced to show
the havoc wrought by vagrant cattle
roaming at large over the property of set
tlers Irrespective of damage to buildings
and fences, not to mention danger to the
lives of children and women. Believing
this to be a nuisance the committee ap
pointed at a previous meeting to attend
to the matter was urtred to be present
at the meeting of the Supervisors to-mor
row and do the bracinc act with Mich
of the members as were prolific in prom
ises before their election to carry out the
wishes of the residents and property own
ers covering the wide area that It is
wished to bring within the limits.
After three ballots had been taken In
which there were ties for the office of
president, A. S. LiHIe defeated Chris
Stader by one vote. LiHIe was re-elected
cs was Recording Secretary Joseph P.
Tuohey. The other officers are: Vice
president, W. J. Cuthbertson: recording
secretary, Joseph P. Tuohey; financial
secretary, W. Leverone; treasurer, F. H.
Qualman, and sergeant at arms, Freder
ick Gamier. The executive committee,
uhl'ih o«n«tat« nt nzim msmbw from each
FEDERATION OF MISSION
CLUBS ELECT OFFICERS
The interest taken by Geperal McCook
In the affairs of Hawaii's ex-Queen are
due to the fact that he was th4 first Min
ister accredited by the Government of
the United States to the Hawaiian court.
In 1SC6, and during his term negotiated
the first treaty of commercial reciprocity-.
During his residence in Honolulu his firm
attitude toward the threatened British en
croachment on Hawaii undoubtedly saved
this Government from some very un
pleasant diplomatic complications with
England.
General McCook entered the Federal
army in 1860 as a private in the Kansas
Legion, and after a brilliant career of
five years, rose to the rank of brigadier
general. He was twice appointed by Pres
ident Grant as Governor of the then Ter
ritory of Colorado and there organized a
school system and an Immigration board
that was instrumental in development.
Through his personal efforts the first rail
road was built into Denver. He was the
first advocate of woman suffrage. After
his second term as Governor of Colorado
General McCook declined the portfolio of
Postmaster General, tendered to him by
President Grant.
GENERAL E. M. McCOOK.
GENERAL EDWARD M. McCOOK,
a member of the famous "fighting
McCook" family, who is '"now a
guest of Charles H. Blinn at 1S85
Post street, Is of the opinion that as soon
as the coming election is over and Presi
dent MeKinley Is settled for another term
of four years the administration will take
up the crown land claims of Liliuokalani,
the ex-Queen of Hawaii, and settle with
her for a handsome sum. As General Mc-
Cook is known to be a warm personal
friend of Senator Mark Hanna and close
to the administration, the friends of the
deposed Queen are much - comforted by
the assurances he has given.
The I>oubles Champions Play Well,
Although. Hampered by the
Prevailing Wind.
The usual Saturday crowd was at the
courts of the California Tennis Club yes
terday and the matches were of high
. order, as all the crack players were In
attendance.
Samuel Hardy made his first appearance
on the courts in several months and de
feated his brother Sumner In clever* style
by a score of 4 — 6, 6 — 1, 8 — 6.' Sumner took
the first set easily, and then Sam took a
brace and won trie second. The third was
close and Sam finally managed to win out
In vantage game, 8 — 6. Neither of the
Hardys played In their best form owing to
the high winds which prevailed during the
afternoon.
George Whitney defeated W. Collier,
6— 1, 6 — 4. While Collier played a good,
heady game, the champion was a bit too
cleyer for him.
Al Rosenberg defeated Bishop Moreland,
6—1, fr-3, 8-«.
Grant Smith moved a point In the rank
ing by cleverly defeating Dr. Root, giving
the talent a surprise. Smith was Invinci
ble at the net and won by well placed vol
leys, 6—3. 6—3. 6—8.
Robert Whitney played Alex Stewart of
Oakland, and although Stewart won the
first set easily Whitney secured the match,
4— 43. 6—1, 6—3. Both players scored many
points by their hard drives.
Paul Jones and Mr. O'Brien of Berkeley
had a long drawn out struggle, which re
sulted In a tie, 2-6. 4-€, 6—2, 6-4, 9—7,
3—6. J. A. Code defeated Alex Stewart,
6—4, 7—6. 2—6.
Walter McGavln, a base line player, and
Crowell, who plays the net game, had a
hot argument. McGavln won the first set,
6 — 4, by good passing, Crowell took the sec
ond, 8—6, in a close match and also the
third. 6-3.
Reuben Hunt of Alameda visited San
Rafael on Friday and played four sota
with W. Collier, all of which he won. The
score was 6—4, 6—1, 7—5, 6—4.
Tennis in Boston Is having quite a boom
now, as the Public Park Commissioners
have added thirty-eight new courts, mak
ing forty-eight in all. Even with this
large number, so much are the courts used
that It Is necessary sometimes to wait for
one. A petition has been presented to the
Golden Gate Park Commissioners request-
Ing them to lay out courts. They have
promised to do so next month.
HARDY BROTHERS ON THE
LOCAL TENNIS COURTS
General McCook Has Cheer
ing News For Ex-Queen
Liliuokalani.
EX-QUEEN'S CLAIM
MAY BE TAKEN UP
birth of John Guttenburg, the inventor
cf printing, began to-day at Mayence.
The fete to-day consisted of the opening
of a typographical and historical exposi
tion with tine exhibits from the state print
ing establishments and department In Ber
lin, Vienna, Paris. Usbon, Madrid and St.
Petersburg. A performance of Handel's
Maccabees will occur to-morrow; also an
academical celebration In the City Hall.
Then will follow a musical and oratorical
cf-lebration at the Guttenburg monument.
The Te Drum will be sung at this place
bv e/V\ boy choiristers.
"On Monday will follow a magnificent
historical procession. Among those in line
will flfr3»» men, women and children clad
in the costume- of the fifteenth century.
There will be forty-one big floats, drawn
bv Si» horses. A grand banquet will follow
in the evening, as well as evening con
certs. The Guttenburg Museum will also
be founded the same day. Delegates from
scores of scientific Institutions in France.
England. Italy and America are In at
tetndane«» upon this celebration, among
them Professor Hunt of Princeton Unl
ver^ltv.
The'famous Spanish bullfighter Gerrata
Is now a patient at Professor V. Berg
man's clinic here and will undergo a dan
gerous operation.
Comparatively few Americans are pass
ing through Berlin— fewer even than dur
ing the Spanish-American war. They seem
to confine themselves to the Rhine and the
Oherammagau regions.
As indicating the increased Interest In
American matters taken by the German
newspapers. It is worth noting that the
great German newsgathering organiza
tion, the Wolff Bureau, now sends to the
German press an Interesting- weekly
American mail letter written by a special
correspondent in New York.
Embaspador Andrew D. White and Mrs.
White have been spending two days at
Halbertad. Embassador White will go to
Leipsic on the Fourth of July, where he
will probably deliver an address.
club represented, will be appointed at the
next meeting., r
party believes In both and ha3 Just chosen two
expanded men to administer the greater con
cerns of this expanded nation. I know this Is
not a religious gathering, but nevertheless we
reed not forget that to-night the prayer of
millions of devout and undevout Americans is,
"God bless MeKinley and Roosevelt."
It is Republican wisdom which establishes
OAKLAND, June 21-Wlth a mighty
battle cry the Republicans of
Alameda County — the banner Re
publican county of California—
gave voice to-night to their ap
proval of the National Republican Con
vention's nomination of McKlnley and
Roosevelt as their leaders In the campaign
of 1900. With patriotic demonstration In
music. 6ong and eloquent speech, the slo
gan was sounded at a monster ratification
meeting held in the Exposition building,
Oakland's largest auditorium. The as
semblage was most representative. Men
In all walks of life gathered to testify
their allegiance to the party. The name
of President McKlnley was loudly ac
claimed, while enthusiastic cheers for the
hero of San Juan testified to the added
strength his nomination brings to the
ticket.
The Republican Alliance, Oakland'i
crack campaign corps, lent its forces to
swell the enthusiasm. Headed by Henry
Petri, the 400-pound drum major, the al
liance paraded the streets, attracting, as
ever, much attention by its trim uniforms
and the soldierly bearing of its marching
members. The Exposition building was
draped in the national colors, mingled
with the numerous emblems of campaigns
in which the alliance has fought for six
teen years. As a setting to the civilian
speakers, the corps was banked at the
rear of the stage. On either end of the
platform were flag-draped portraits of
President McKlnley.
While the band played the "Star-
Spar.gled Banner" the great audience rose
en masse and stood during the rendition
of the national hymn. Then R. G. Luk
ens, president of the alliance,, expressed
his gratification at being able to call to
order the assemblage, and he declared It
was the duty of Alameda County to main
tain at the coming election its record as
the banner Republican county of the
State.
William R. Davis Is Chairman.
William R. Davis was introduced amid
cheers as the chairman of the evening.
He said in part:
This expanded nation needs expanded men.
The Democratic party Is against expansion,
both in territory and in men. The Republican
BERLIN. June 23. - The Chinese
trouble* have almost completely swept
the South African wax from public atten
tion. Even the latest Pretorian new*
went uncommented upon except by the
military. About Chinese events the Foreign
Offlee use* great reticence, and above all
etudlously avoids admittinjr that the
present events mean an actual and prob
ably bitter and protracted war with
Chin*. This may be partly owln* to the
•-ttack* of the Radical and Socialist press,
¦which maintains that the present rising
of the Chlnesce against the "foreign dev
**»" ** directly or Indirectly due to the
Gei i ; i* n seizure of Klaochau. In this the
paper* are strengthened by the public
utterances of the German Missionary
Bishop of Bhantuns. Von Anzer, who re
cently described the disastrous effect
upon missionary work of the Klaochau
seizure*. In political circles here It is
known that the ForeJgm Office was quite
eurprised by the increasingly serious char
acter of the Chinese uprising.
W hile it is true Baron von Ketteler, the
Genman Minister at Peking, sent two
months agx> a detailed report irom Peking
containing: alarming- advices from the Ger
man Consuls throughout China and pre
dicting serious trouble before long, not
xriuch importance was attached here to
this report, because Ketteler was new in
Peking. But though the Emperor and
count von Bulow. the Minister of For
eign Affairs, do not attach much impor
tance to the news from China, they are
now thoroughly aroused. His Majesty de
clared Friday at Kiel that German inter
ests In China under no circumstances
must be allowed to euffer, no matter how
ereat the sacrifice.
The bulk of the German press takes
tie same view. The Krouz Zeitunff prints
en interesting editorial, laying:
It Is not certain what will be the flnal
outcome of the troubles In China. It will
be impossible to re-establish a vigorous
authoritative central government at Pe
king, euch as the powers desire and will
need. Presumably they will be obliged to
enlarge and give definite shape to the
? h% e r?£ lnl -erest policy and to further
timae China, either with or without leav
ing a nominal central government at Pe
king. To several of the powers the pres
ent crisis came too quickly, which further
endangered the situation."
Harmonious Action Necessary.
The Fortigm Office says that its latest
r.ews from Tientsin is substantiallv the
pame as that set forth in the statement of
Kight Hon. "William St. John Broderick
I nder Secretary of State for Foreign Af-
m the House of Commons, London.
The Foreign Office states, however, that
tne <_Jiin«-s=e soldiers have made des
perate resistance to the international
torcc?. which again proves that it will be
nece.-sary for the powers to continue their
Present policy of jointly enforcing order
in China, arid also the necessity for har
monious action between the powers "
Lord Gough. the British Charge 'd' Af
faires in Berlin, to-day said to the corre
spondent of the Associated Press that he
doubted if the powers had yet exchanged
views concerning the future state of the
Chinese Government or what would be
done with the Dowager Empress and those
allied with her. The only course at pre«- I
fit. he thought, is to enforce order and
protect foreigners. I
The Parliamentary season is now fairly
closed and the Cabinet officials l^re have
bc-prun their summer vacations.
I'rince von Hohenlohe, the Imperial
Chancellor, to-day left for Ragatz Switz
erland, to take the bath?.
Baron Rheinbaden. Minister of the In
terior, in a fortnight will go to England
Herr Thielen, iiinister or Public WorKs
has left the city and Count Posadowski
"Wehner, Secretary of State for the In
terior, will leave during the coming week
Among the diplomats who have left Ber
lin for the fummer recess is Sir frank
LftSceOes, the British Embassador.
Dr. Lieber, the Centrist loader, will soon
beg-in a long trip abroad, which will in
clude a visit to the United States. The
tour will be made partly for recreation
and partly for study.
To-day, before leaving for the conven
tion in Bremen of the German Free Trade
Society. Dr. Theodore liarth. the Freissin
r.ige leader, said to the correspondent of
the Associated Pre«s:
"In the tight against an increase in ag
ricultural duties, as the Agrarians want
them fixed in the coming commercial
treaties, much will depend upon the labor
ing classes. If they organize an energetic
campaign, such increased prices on the
necessaries of life, which are to be made
for the benefit of a few thousand large
estate holders, the projected increases
will be prevented."
The pf -mi-millennial celebration of the
Copyrlrttefl. 1800. by the Associated Press.
Emperor Says That German Inter
ests in the Orient Will
irot Be Allowed ta
Suffer.
Little Attention Had Been
Paid to Dispatches From
Baron von Ketteler.
UPRISING IN
CHINA SURPRISE
TO THE KAISER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 1900.
"We all have a common object In view,
whether we be Democrat?, Republicans or
Populists. We want good ! government. I
do not say that all Republicans are hon
est, but if they are not, they have at
25
I UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
——OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE «ST
day of December. A. D. 1S09. and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of, the State of Cailfor-
' nisi, pursuant to the provisions of sections 6tt>
and €11 of the Political Code, condensed aa per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company 1163.170 S7
Loans on bonds and mortgages 10.000 <K>
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 607.500 00
Cosh in banks 44.927 30
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 1.7;..; 00
Premiums In due course of collection 33.856 7i
¦ Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for flre and marine risks 231 gi
Rents due and accrued 47500
Total assets .^$363.91; 00
LIABILITIES. "~
'Losses adjusted and unpaid | cs 00
Losses In process of adjustment or in
suspense 1.200 0O
Gross premiums on flre risks irunning
i one year cr less. $142,757 53; relasur-
: ance. £0 per cent ; 71.J78 77
Cross premiums on lire risks running
more- than one year, P1.724 00; rein- •'.
surance pro rata ' 48.433 88
All other demands agrainst company. 7,901 06
Total liabilities ....tia.ra* p
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $1C3.6C 57
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all
other sources 17.216 43
Received for rents 12.802 30
Total Income $193,772 S2
EXPEXDrrCHES. '
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $4010 65, losses of previous
years) $ 50,860 54,
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 33.2C3 51
Paid for salaries, fees, and other
charges for officers, cl?rka. etc 13,415 S3
Paid for State, national and local
taxes B.3H2 «t
All other payments and expenditures IS, 420 71
Total expenditures $1K.2IVS »S
Losses . Incurred ilurlruc the. year. fir»..$ 43.707 83
Flre . Prem-
Rlsks and Premiums. Risks". Iums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year $17.436,29« $2t3.«21 St
Net amount of risks ex- !
pired during the year 17,074.935 213,273 T>
Net amount In force De- !
eember 21. 1839 17.S21.26s! 224.4S1 53
~~~ SAM R. WEED, of and for
; :->-\ W»ed & K»nn«"dy. Manasers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thl* 27th
day of January. 1900. F. FISHBTTCK.
Notary Public.
C. F. MULLINS~- - Manager,
E. T. NIEBLINS, Assistant Manager,
416-418 CALIFORNIA ST.,
BAN FRANCISCO.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It Is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A. request to the
Etat«» Medical Institute. 32S Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating tha:
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ag-es will be complied with promotlv. Th».
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
It is to be cured of sexual weakness wh^n
the proper remedies are employed. Tha
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a fr»e sample,
carefully sealed In a plain packaere. so
that Mts recipient reed have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured bo many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the institute has decided to distribute
free trial packapes to all who write, it
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, prematur*
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can uow
cure themselves at home.
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Paekage Sent by Mail
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Most Remarkable Remedy Th^c
SENT FREE TO MEN !
ADVERTISEMENTS.
! Money saving specials, t
Groceries and liquors. J
Fruit Jars a
\ Extra Ileavy. r>intc rroi
A Perfect na ; sh. pmtS 55 C^
A B-rX^ve 1^ quarts 6oci
a SSffiSff gallon 9 oc^
\ txtra rorcre 20c. dozen. \
Baking Powder?
z S?' li!1£8 pound can 30c?
Y Money back bating powder. T
A Usually *J to 45c pound. A
Jar Rubber a
a Extra quality. 3 dozen IOC A
Pure Honey pound Sc^
x Wat«r whit". Sa«ro "flavor . 1
Q Ouarac'od a> Bolut- ly pure. r
Pine Apples f
A orwho:e Large size. _ K J
f D lictons flavor. Can I5C/
A Cheaper tbaa any other fruit. A
aK. C. Baking Powder.. 2Oc£
lifgular i")c size. i
\ Macaroni-imported. J
f Perfect raste. -nnn Tifl cr*
\ Usually lu . pound $C\
S liquor specials: a
Old Government Whiskev^
William Wolff & Co. V.n^t 1 r- ft en a
A Matur-d in load. DOlIIC O5C4
V Bottled at distillery. T'suallyfl bot.\
f Imported Holland Gin , \
0 fesct f rem cr a n nrl <S oof
\ Government ga.llUH #>j.UU\
|F bonded wftrehons"*)— f"r general v
\ xjiodicinel use— a nd kidney troublo. A
f Regular 3 1- M. " F
Champagne F
A Arpad Harssztliys " r»inf 1 cr^
Genuine. Continued piUL ,)3»-T
A ga5e from last weai. .....1. enrv
t No Urclt to quantity, quart 5 UC \
A '¦' ' '-"-¦ B
t 715 Market St. S. F. Sjm*tn;k Av, FerkeleyT
A'e'h A\VafthiE£ton.Oak Oiitrnl Ava.A1a.mcdk A
TlQCTBrocd-vrcy, •• ?th it Vfood. Oak. V
A 65 1st Street. 6cn Jos«. A
Digestion of Food by Johnson's Digestive Tablets n n iiiwimbbm—m^
§11 %^L^i^ !fcitl^iilliii~i^fe|^ Tlicrp^fivp action ot \
-Lapoids as illustrated
l^^Hls!^ ky P r °£ Kilmer, of
ii^i^ip 3W]f l§ New Brunswick, NJ.
Mi*e4 Font* Digested Food ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦^¦¦¦^^¦^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦^¦¦¦¦^¦¦^¦iMr. Adams will also deliver a lecture en
tiled "The Oxford Movement" at Metro
politan Hall next Wednesday evening.
The proceeds of the lecture will be de
vofd to the benefit of the building fund
of St. Phil's Church. Ticket" may be se
cured at The residence of the clergy of St.
Paul's Church. 312 Twenty-ninth street;
the Monitor office: 13 McAllister street, or
will be sent to any address by Rev. Father
Connolly in answer to a request by tele
phone Mission 2012.
Henry Austin Adams will lecture under
the auspices of Pioneer Council No. 1.
Young Men's Institute, at Metropolitan
Hall to-morrow evening. The lecturer's
subject will be. "The Twentieth Century."
A short musical programme will also bo
rendered. Tickets may be had at the
rooms of the Young Men's Institute.
Henry Austin Adams to Lecture.
On Friday evening a party enjoyed a
very pleasant. trolley trip to Santa Monica
After an enjoyable dinner a plunge and
bath was enjoyed. Among those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. Small, Mr. and Mrs.
On Friday evening at their home in
Boyle Heights Mr. and Mrs. N. F Cooper
gave a pleasant party to a number ot
their friends, the affair being in honor
of the return from Toledo of Miss SoDhii
Ilelmke. Mrs. Cooper's sister. The rooms
were very tastefully arranged in flowers
and ferns and potted plants, being the
work of William Deneen. The evening
was very pleasantly spent in music and
dancing. Among those present were* Mr
and Mrs. Joseph Simmons, Mr and Mrs
Thomas Kaid, Mr. and Mrs. Charles De
neen, Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Crites, Mr and
Mrs. John Petrle, Mr. and Mrs. William
Cleveland, Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Deeber
Mr. and Mrs. William Hancock. Mr and
Mrs. H. McGroeger, Mrs. J. McGreal. Mrs
William Brown. Mrs. F. H. Odell Mrs St"
Claiie, the Misses Cleveland, St. Claire"
Neally, RUey, Connor, May Deneen. Ber
tha Helmke and A. O'Connor; Messrs
William Deneen. Frank McGreal. Thomas
Henderson. H. T. Jarshon, Addison Brock
and McLaughlin.
At the West End Congregational
Church on Sunday evening Miss Josephine
Ensign, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. A.
Ensign of this city, was married to Louis
Reynolds of San Francisco, the ceremony
being performed by Rev. Fred Field. The
bride was very prettiliy gowned In a white
organdie over white silk, and carried
white jasmine. The bridesmaids, Miss
Clara Ensign and Miss Emma Boor of
Santa Paula, were dressed very prettily in
white organdie, and carried white roses*.
The best man was Herbert Barry of San
Francisco, while Messrs. Dutton, Brown,
Boor and Brown acted as ushers. While
Mrs. Field played the "Lohengrin" wed
ding march the bridal party entered, with
iittle Florence Reynolds as tlower girl,
carrying a tray of roses. The church was
most beautifully arranged in ropes of ivy
Intermingled with roses, while from pillar
to pillar were swung ropes of flowers and
green wadding bells, while Just above the
bride and groom were two white doves
with outstretched wings. The altar wag
very tastefully decorated In Mowers and
ferns. The bride and groom were given a
reception at the family residence on Day
ton Heights. In the evening Mr. and Mrs
Reynolds left on the Owl for San Fran
cisco, where Mr. Reynolds Is engaged In
the Independent Light and Power
Company and where in the future thev
will reside. '
Among the wedding guests present
were: . Mr. and Mrs. Horace Moore, Mr.
and Mrs. Willis Dickson. Mr. and Mrs.
Van Wle, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Mitchell,
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Kelsty, Mr. and Mrs.
Perln E. White of Riverside. Mr. ana
Mrs. C. D. Joseph, Dr. and Mrs. "Ran
dolph Hutchinson, Mrs. George Bishop,
Mrs. Lydia B. Torrey, Mrs. S. C. Clinton,
Mrs. Hagannan of New York, Mrs.»Blo
got, the Misses Ruth Clinton. Carrie Clin
ton, Jessie Clinton, Lillian Peck, Annie
Brown, Clara Dickson, Mira Watterman,
Gertrude Clinton and Wiison; Messrs.
Hugh Britton, Nestor Young. Henry
Darling, Donald Bishop and M;isters Carl
ton and Mark Kelsey and Howard.
The bride is a niece of Senator Mark
Hanna and for the past few years has
been an efficient teacher of the kinder
garten department in this city.
The bride was beautifully attired in a
gown of gray crepe de chine over silk
and lace, and carried a bouquet of white
roses. Miss Elizabeth Lewis, aunt of the
bride, gave her away. Mr. and Mrs. Wat
terman left for a wedding trip, after
which they will go to Denver, where they
will reside.
Miss Jean Hanna was married on Mon
day evening to Henry Watterman of Den
ver, Colo., at her home on Thompson
street, by the Kev. Henderson Judd, chap
lain of St. Paul's Cathedral. The ceremony
was witnessed by relatives and a few in
timate friends. The marriage. waa sol
emnized in the reception room, which was
beautifully arranged with pinks, aspara
gus ferns and roses, while the parlor and
ulning-room were in white and green
and bright yellow dahlias. Mendelssohn's
wedding march was played by Miss Lil
lian Peck, while little Angie Jshman and
Marjorie Watterman acted as flower
girls, dressed in white organdie over crepe
ue chine of a dahlia shade.
On Sunday afternoon Canly Bell, the
youngest son of Major Horace Bell, was
married to Misa Ethel Hutton, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. J. Q. Hutton^ at their
home on Thirty-first street, the ceremony
being performed by the Rev. Hugh K.
Walker. The bride was very becomingly
attired in a tailor-made gown of tan.
Mr. and Mrs. Bell, after a short wedding
trip, will reside on West Thirty-first
street. Among the wedding guests were:
Major Horace Bell, Mrs. J. Q. Hutton,
Mrs. Stanley Richmond, Mr. and Mrs.
Frank E. Walsh, the Misses Lillian Bell,
Maud Bell, Margaret Hutton, Opal Mc-
Clary and Aimee Whitman.
Los flngeles.
H Menton. From Sacramento— Frank J.
Johnson, L. S. Hull. From Ix>3 Angeles-
Mr, and Mrs. August Schmidt. Mr. and
Mrs. J. E. Logan. From New York— Miss
J. S. Young. Miss M. W. Parsons, J. M.
Kelly, Dr. and Mrs. R. D. Lord. From
Portiand-C. E. S. Wood. From Winches
ter. Mass.— Mrs. E. II. Robinson, Miss M.
E. Huse. From New Hampshire— It. N.
Batchelder. From Philadelphia— Mr. and
Mrs. A. J. Reach, Miss Bertha Reach.
From Portland-Mrs. II. P. Donnell. Mrs.
J. H. Quinton. From San Mateo— A. H.
Leventritt. From Kentucky— O. C. Mead.
Ludgig, M». and Mrs. Ie Comp, Misses
Alma Gunning, Mary Hartley, Lillian
Frazier. Jennie Colton. Margaret Ne-vm.
Blanche Hawkes, Hattie Tolty. Ethel
Tolty. Edna Dickinson, Irene Hutchinson,
Jennie Higgins, Reba Neukour, LJzzio
Ralston, May Abbott, Zanlta Perry. Jessie
Frackelton and Ella Clark. Messrs. Carl
Lyons. Carl Muller. J. A. Elms. W. R.
Morrison. John Frackelton. William Mc-
Culley, Smith, Dudley, Dorman, Roy
Spencer, Ed Bacon, Fred Abbott, Orton
Holden. George Llndell. John LJndell,
Duncan McArthur and Hawks.
The members of the Alpha Rho Sorority
were entertained on Friday evening 1 by
Miss Myra Scherer at her home on West
Jefferson street. i
Miss I'ssie Ferris and GeVjre VIera were
married on Wednesday evening at the
Frst Methodist Church.
Mr. anil Mrs. James Hutchison have
gone to Redondo for the summer.
The pupils of the Los Angeles School of
Dramatic Art. under the direction of
George A. Dobinson, gave a pleasant re
cital on Wednesday evening.
Dr. Kate Moody has gone to spend &
few weeks in the ncrth.
The engagement of Miss Pauline Corn
well and Jarr."s E. Martin is announced.
Mr. and Mrs. Allen S. Allen have gone
to New York to pass tho summer.
THE lltt!e God of Love has been hav
ing- a b-sy time of it during the past
week, and n*?ver before has June,
the month of roses, known so many
beautiful brides and handsome bridals.
I>urinj? the past wefk there have been
numerous church weddings and both elab
orate and quftt home nuptials.
The principal event of this week will be
the wadding of Mit=s Dean and Mr. Ma
gee, to be celebrated on next Saturday
morning: at the home of the bride on Van
Ness avenue.
They're Engaged
The c-r.gagemcnt If announced of Miss
Kathryn E. Toner to Daniel E. Murden.
The wedding oi Louis H. Friedman and
Miss Sarah Sc!u,itzer will take place on
Sunday, July 3. at 3 p. m., at the bride's
residence, 1507 Golden Gate avenue.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Birdie Davis and George \V. Alexander.
They will receive to-day from 2 till 5 p. m.
et 44:^2 Bryant ttreet.
The engagement reception of Miss Mae
Roth aiid Joseph Lasky will be held on
Bur/day. July 1, from 2 to 5 p. m, at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. Roth, 627 Octa
via street.
Mr. nnd Mrs. L. Friedman announce the
engagjmem of their daughter Lena to
Arthur Cohnreich. Thev will receive Sun
day, July 1, at 11CM Ellis street.
Mrs. Laura K. Aehard has issued invi
tations for the marriage of her daughter
Laura to' Emil llsohn. which is to take
place to-day at b p. m., at 3^9 Eleventh
KirfX. Oakland.
The wedding of Miss Carrie Harris and
Ignatz Levy will take place on July L
The engagement is announced of Miss
Lillian R. Suich^nd Frederick F. Caire.
Wedding Bells.
The wedding of Miss Marl^ Nienstadt
and \Yi!!iam Wieboldt took place Satur
day evening, June 9, at the parlors of
Baratcga Hall. The ceremony was per
formed by Rev. J. Fuendeling. The bride
was attt-nded by Miss Bertha Mohr as
maid of honor and Miss Martha Wieboldt
as bridesmaid. The bride wore an ex-
Quisite dress of white crepe de chene over
wh:te taffeta silk. The maid of honor
wore an elaborate dress of pink and white
ami the biid->smald a dress of pink organ
die. The groom was attended by Wiluam
Kc-menFiKTger as host man and Edward
Ni<-nst3ut was groomsman. The ushers.
were Charles Collett, Henry Windeler.
G<oree Tietjen and Eggert Peters. After
the ceremony an «-lanorate supper was
eerved in the banquet hall, and all th*>
gentlemen responded to the call of the
toastmaster. Ed. Nienstadt. After sup
per drncing was indulged In till early
morning, during which time Miss Marie
Wiebolot, Miss Minnie Steimke and Henry
Bucking sang, accompanied by Miss
Agnes Wieboldt. There were recitations
by D. von der Mehden, Cakewalk by Miss
Dora Nitnstadt and Eggert Peters and
otfur specialties. Mr. and Mrs. Wieboldt
will Fptnd their honeymoon in the north
err, part of the State. Among those pres
ent were: Mr. and Mrs. R. Nienrtadt,
Mrs. Meyer. Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Meyer.
Mr. and Mrs. D. Schroc-der. Mr. and Mrs.
John Rosor.Vxihm. Mrs. and Miss Laau
eer of Facran.ento, Mrs. and Miss Weller
of Warm Springs, the Misses Alma and
Martha Wieboldt, Hulda Schwartz.
Bertha Mohr. Apnes and Marie Wieboldt.
Bertha Preyer. Annie Wlndeler, Henri
etta Driscoll. Minnie Steimke. Dora Nien-
Etadt. Lillinn Fink. Messrs. C. W. Collett.
i-cgert Peters. George Tietjen. Henry
Windrler. William Itemensprrger, Wil
liam Kchrr.FtPdt, Otto Thorn Whorden,
Eidrjey Vernon, Henry Elliott, Henry
Bucking, T. Van Bergen. Henry Bodk-,
Charles' Fris<~}i and Edward Nienstadt.
Miss Eily S. Mahoney and Mr. Charles
E. Grosjean, president of the Empire Mill
ing Company, were married Monday, June
IS. at the home of the bride's sister. Mrs.
Personals
Mrs, W. F. Rchrader and her son, Her
bert, are spending the summer in Los An
geles.
Mr. and Mrs. L.. Kuttner and family
Sailed Away.
The following passengers from the Pa
cific Coast sailed for Europe on the Ham
burg-American line express steamship
Columbia from New York June 14: Mrs.
J D. Spreckels. Miss Grace Spreckels,
Miss Llllie Spreckels, Miss Elsie Butzber
ger J. D. Spreckels Jr.. Claus .Spreckels
Jr.,*G. H. Umbsen, Frank Zak, Mr. Broth
ers, Carl Burmeister, H. Holtorf, Charles
Hagmaier, Mrs. Charles Hagmaier, Mas
ter George Hagmaier, Master Daniel Ilag
maler. . ,
A meat enjoyable 'bus ride and private
picnic to Millbrae was given by several
ladies of the Norddeutscher Frauen Ve
rcin on Thursday, June 14. Among the in
vited guests were: Mrs. N. H. Geerkens,
Mrs. H. Miesner, Mrs. O. Schinkel, Mrs.
D. Schinkel. Mrs. J. Bolting, Mrs. F. Rath
jens, Mrs. II. F. Suhr, Mr^. H.'Willweber,
Mrs. F. Thode, Miss A. Muenster, Mrs.
P. Zlngelmann, Mrs. A. Puck, Mrs. L.
Buescher, Mrs. F Gilbert, Mrs. B. Mar
zolf, Mrs. F. Luetje, Mrs. A. Becker, Mrs.
William S. Stein and Mrs. Koerner. \
The Mission Grammar graduates of 1900
held their hiph jinks at the residence of
Miss Helen Campbell, 2005B Golden Gate
avenue. The house was artistically dec
orated with Chinese lanterns and innu
merable ferns. At a late hour the quests
were pervert with an elaborate dinner. The
tables were tastefully arranged and toastg
of the evening were given by Will Sam
uels and Miss Ruth Allen. Those present
wore: Misses Helen Campbell, Eliza Chal
mers, Ida Sohmitt, Lizzie Prentiss, Jessie
Letts. Annie Ross, Nana Letts, Sophie
Zohoff. Ruth Allen, Alma Benin. Mabel
O'Connor, Annie Barthold, Agnes Connel
ly, Cora Leadrich, Effie Campbell, Irene
Anderson. Belle Taylor, Josephine Ln
fried, Jennie Maloskoska. Dora Mullins,
Messrs. Alex Ross, John Campbell; John
Drescher, Alester Ross, Roth Haskell,
Frank Brickwodel, Charles Guin, Will
Samuels, Oliver Flahaven, G. Gay,
Charles Dalton. Will Xewberger, Ed En
glebright, Frank Cook, Harmon Fischer,
Ernest Leeds, Leo Hilderbrand and Fred
Homer.
Pupils of Mrs. L. Honn's dancing acad
emy gave a delightful entertainment on
the evening of June 10 at Odd Fellows
Hall. The following was the programme
of the evening: Delsarte, class; Spanish
dance, Merced Walton: Hungarian dance,
Honn sisters; song. Mabel Hawkyard;
Highland fling, Mary Murphy. Fairy
dance—Queen. Daisy Bell Kormal; Prince,
Randall Rut tor; Princess, Mabel Hawk
yard; Cupids, La Loie Carew, Hannah
Rowell: fairies. Beatrice Clark, Flossie
King, Bertha Newman, Eva Rhodes, Ma
bel Lewis, Tillie Olson and Janet King.
Scarf dance, Parce McManus; Madrid,
Oleta Han by; song. Eva Rhodes; manza
rilla. Hazel Aubry and Natalie Homan;
Irish washerwoman. Aneida Trueting;
lovers' quarrel, Mabel Lewis and Daisy
Bell Kormal; Gypsy Queen, Beatrice
Clark and Flossie King; song, Daisy Bell
Kormal: London hornpipe, class: La
Cacuca, Mabel Hawkyard; fantasia, Mar
guerite Hnnn; buck and wing, Oleta Han
by; hornpipe, Janet King; song, Hobart
Cavanaugh; recitation. Edna Campbell;
tambourine dance, Ida Bennett: society
dance, Madge Young and Juliette Maher;
"America," Merced Walton; song, Nata
lie dfoman; sailors' hornpipe, Archie
Reimers and Hobart Cavanaugh: sleigh
bell danco, ITazfl Aubry: gayety skirt
dance. Alma Campbell; song, Mary Mur
phy and Juliette Maher; fan dance, Edna
Campbell and Aneida Trueting; song,
Hazel Anbry; La Paloma. Miss Edna E.
Honn; finale. Cakewalk, six couples.
The boys and girls of the Boys' nnd
Girls' Aid Society, accompanied by their
superintendent, C. A. Westenberg, and at
tendants, left on Monday for a six weeks'
camping vacation to Kim Grove, Caza
dero. There are about sixty wards in the
society, and they expect to have a Jolly
good time.
I
n the Future.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Graff will celebrate
their silver wedding to-day at their resi
dence, 567 Howard street. Reception from
2 to 6.
The parishioners of St. Joseph's Church
held a meeting in St. Joseph's Hall Mon
day evening to arrange for a picnic, to be
held in Shell Mound Park on Saturday,
July 2S. The following committees were
appointed: J. J. Dowling. president; G.
E. Treacey. vice president; E. C. Curtis,
secretary; Miss M. Simpers, assistant sec
retary; R. P. Doolan, chairman prize com
mittee; committee on music — F. Schilling
(chairman). John Fitzgerald atid J. J.
Wiley; floor committee—G. R. Hamilton
(floor manager), John McNerney and P.
Kelly; committee on games —J. J. Miley
(chairman), James McElearney, James
McDermott, Daniel O'Neil and Thomas
Nolan.
This Sunday, June 24, the Matoaka
Outing Club, composed of members of
Matoaka Council, Degree of Pocahontas.
I. O. R. M., will hold their llrst annual
picnic at Fairfax Park. The following
committee has worked very hard to make
this affair a success: W. C. Rowley,
chairman; W. B. Koesel, secretary; Miss
L. Clancy, A. Housman. Miss K.« Cun
ningham. Miss M. Connelly. E. Murphy,
Mrs K. Benham, Miss E. Schlink and A.
J. Phillips.
The McKenzie Musical Society and their
friends will have an outing to-day in the
form of a bay excursion on the steamer
Sunol. touching at McNears Landing,
where a lunch will be spread and dancing
indulged in for three or four hours. The
following ladies and gentlemen are man
aging the affair, which promises to be a
very enjoyable trip: Mrs. L. Lamne, Mrs.
J. C. Laws, Mrs. W. .T. Martin, Mrs. A.
Hawkes. Mrs. Ilanghy, Mi.ss E. Burlin
gross. Miss M. Wheeler, Miss R. Corbaley,
Miss M. Farris, Miss 1*. Jonson, Miss L.
Avis. Fred A. Grifflng, E. M. Cushman,
A. W. Scheller, M. A. Campbell, H. J.
Crase, Henry Pfaeffle, A. B. Lawson, J.
P. Fail re. Stuart Hollohan. Otto Ryst Jr.,
F. Schloegel and F. C. Russell. A fine
musical programme has been arranged
for the entertainment of those on board
and the United States Marine Band of
twenty-one pieces will be in attendance.
some of-their friends prior to their trip
to Lake Tahoe.
Club Parties. ' /
CASTLE CRAG— The following guests
are registered at Castle Crag: From San
Francisco — Fred Ransome, R. ' J. AVaters,
C. A. Grow, Mrs. C. A. Grow, Miss Bina
Moseley, Mr. and Mrs. C. Althschul and
family, Mrs. E. B. Coleman, Miss Bland-
Ing, Miss Susie Blanding. AV..F. Coleman,
J4 D. Norton, J. Crlchton, Mr. and Mrs.
Jf. R. Baldwin, Mr. and Mrs. Frank AV.
Dickson and family, Mrs. E. F. Taylor,
Miss Wilna Taylor, Miss Dorothy Taylor,
Mr. and Mrs. George Caswell, Judge and
Mrs. Edward A. Belcher, Mr. and Mrs. G.
Nlebaum, Miss Leah Shingleberger, Mr.
and Mrs. E. J. Crane, Gus Shingleberger,
Miss Florence Deminjj, W. H. Deming, W.
VICHY SPRINGS— The late arrivals at
A r ichy Springs Include: J. J. Reilly and
wife, H. Hamilton, G. A. Lynch, S.
Hirschfelder and wife, Arthur Hirsch
felder, H. Scheellne, Miss B. Scheeline,
Mrs William Frank, Miss E. Frank, E.
Mandel and wife, C. E. Arnold, Mrs. AV.
GroBse, Miss Bode, N. Cohen, wife and
daughter; Mrs. L. W. Ehrman, G. L.
Ehrman, B. C. Ehrman and nurse. H.
Sucheiner, wife and child; M. Schweitzer,
wife, sons and maid ; E. W. Morris, M.
L. Gibson and wife. E. R. Thomasen and
wife, E; O. Thomasen, AVllllam Peacock,
wife and daughter: George W. Brooks and
wife Mrs. Mathews, Miss Grace Ma
thews, San Francisco; Miss Cerf, H. L.
Cunningham, Frank Desloh, Miss Mae
Cohen. Miss B. Boas, C. F. Goddard. Oak
land; Miss Alice Ruddock. Laura E.
Cohn, Mandnline Cohn. Effle Case, Berke
ley; C. F. Rednall and wife, St. Helena.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS-The following
guests arrived at Byron Hot Springs last
week: T. J. Lynch, C. E. Schllllnglyde.
Charles M. Hunter, John Bayle, C. How
ard and wife. A. A. Brown, J. J. Callan,
Frank M. Leland, D. S. Hutohins. H. D.
Rogers and wife, Mrs. Hendrikson, Mrs.
Patterson, Mrs. Jean Block. John Kan<;,
Mrs. F. C. Talbot and nurse, Mrs. D. S.
Hoffman and four sons, Mrs. G. Alexan
der, Miss Kate Murray. J. Larbarthe,
Mrs. P. Oppenheim, M. Diving, M. Lan
ducci, G. Corvey r S. S. Blumberg, B. H.
Lncke, Mrs. J. McGrllfin. Mrs. L. Street,
M. Speir, J. Sarthon. Mrs. S. D. Mayer,
Mrs. B. AVilliams, C. Beaehmann, John
AVills. John Husing. J. AV. Lar
son, Mr. and Mrs. Ryan, Miss O. V.
Block, B.^Joudnon, John C. Zika, Dan
Cameran, E. Ross, Phillip Oppenheim,
Miss C. ii. Oppenheim, Peter Nelson, B.
Danor. A. Ganon, T. B, Kernan and wife,
San Francisco; Charles Holtz, T. F.
Holtz, Mrs. H. Gropp, J. L. Archer. Sac
ramento; Stephen Neesh, Dan Green,
Stockton; J. G. Lewis, Aberdeen, Wash. ;
J. G. Tyter, Stent; John Haenny, Lin
coln; S. J. Symmors and wife, John
Vance. Oakland; P. B. Yates, S. A. Hall,
Bakersfield; John Lloyd and wife. Fruit
vale; C. M. Holden, Los Gatos; Miss F.
Sylva, Warm Springs; W. Cronan, J. F.
Logan. San Francisco; A. A. Grimm,
Berkeley, E. J. Okell, Suisun; H. N. Tra
ce'y and wife, Placervllle: E. B. Moore.
Sutter Creek; M. Leach,, Plymouth; Peter
Moy, Livermore; Samuel Best, San Le
andro; George Macan, Fresno.
HOTEL ROAA'ARDENNAN— The follow
ing is a list of the late arrivals at the
Hotel Rowardennan: H. P. Hussey. Mrs.
H. P. Hussey, Miss E. Hussey. Miss A.
St. John, Evelyn Gilmore. AA'. D. Holcom,
Harry D. Danforth, Mrs. William M. Sil
va, Mrs. H. C. Allen, Mrs. G. A. Parkyns,
Oakland; Mrs. Brewster Cameron, Miss
Cameron, Charles H. Bowen. F. G. Gant
ner, H. E. Owner. G. A. Schilling, wife
and daughter, J. D. Hall and wife, Thom
as Connors, Mrs. A. S. Wlnn, Mrs. A.
Hochstein, Miss Hochstein, Johanna
A'olkmann, Daniel A r . Volkmann, F. F.
Sturges and bride, Ed F. Armstrong, F.
C. Herrick and wife. Julian Sonntag, Ste
phen Castle, Mrs. Stephen Castle, Miss
Nomia Castle. Kent Castle. R. II. Smith,
Mrs. J. E. Rice, Miss Edna Rice. Mrs. G.
F. A r olkmann, AVIlliam Volkmann. San
Francisco; S. II. Soule. Chicago-: Mrs. J.
B. Davis. Miss Davis. St. Louis; Mr. and
Mrs. Charles B. Martin, Auburn; Mrs. AV.
AV. Mead, Marc Island; F. A. Shepard,
San Jose; H. R. Fairclough and wife. Miss
K. Fairclough, Stanford; Miss Cooksey,
OeorRe B. Cooks-ey, Menlo Park; Alex
Brown, Milton: Mrs. Eastln Mills. Miss
Marie Hall, Paso Robles; Mr. and Mrs AV
E. Mighell, Miss Nana E. Mlghell. Master
Jack Mighell, Mrs. W. D. Holcom. Miss
Elsie Holcom, G. A. Holcom, Berkeley; J.
M. AValsh and wife, Frank Mattlson, J.
G. Tanner, Mrs. L. C. Matzen, Mr. and
Mrs. M. C. Hopkins, Miss Irma Hopkins.
Santa Cruz; Mrs. Sylvester Merrill. Miss
Susan B. French, Mrs. AV. H. Robinson,
T. II. Richardson, Alameda.
SANTA CATALINA— The following
guests registered at the Hotel Metropole,
Santa Catalina, during the past week:
George H. Kahn and wife. Master Fred
die Kahn, Miss Florence Kahn, C. L.
Goodrich and wife;* A. K. P. Harmon,
George B. Root Jr. and wife, Mrs. S. Bis
senger, family and maid, Frank Cown,
Sidney V. Smith and family, Robert H.
Roneborne, wife and son, AA r . PI. Beans
ton, San Francisco; Miss Grace McCor
mick, William D. Porter, M. D.. J. Tobrl
ner, Oakland; AV. F. George, Sacramento.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS— The
following guests registered at California
Hot Springs the past week: From San
Francisco — Arthur G. Rose, W. C. Wise,
Reginald W. Wise, F. P. Satterlee, Mr.
and Mrs. Schmalz, Charles B. Rector,
Miss Dowling, Mls.s Mary Dowling. Max
Salomon, W. P. Rankin, Ed Berle, C. J.
Faber, John Primer, W. A. Sconlan, Mr.
and Mrs. Jule6 Aron, Mr. and Mr?. I). H.
Green, Mrs. A. M. Gordon, Miss Mazie
Glenn, Mr. and Mrs. R. R. Munro and
son, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Goldman, H.
Alexander, Miss Ray Alexander, Miss
Hattie Alexander, Mr. and Mrs. Bert
Schlesslnger, Samuel J. Barnett, Captain
and Mrs. F. W. Jordan, Captain and Mrs.
C. AV. Reed, Miss Julia Rice, Mrs. C.
Chapman, Mrs. A. M. Turner, H. An
drews, Mrs. N. Andrews, Miss Helen An
drews. Miss Eva Chapman, R. Chapman,
Dr. George K. Frink and family. Dr. Marc
Livingston, Ml?s Levingston. Mrs. Joseph
Franklin. From A'allejo — Charles E.
Walsh. C. L. Macrea, S. A. Copper. Oliver
C. Newman, AValter A. Roney, John. Col
lins, C. J. Peoples. AVillinm D. Arthur.
Thomas A'ice Jr., George A. Roney. From
Honolulu — Frank Goudie. From Chicago —
Miss Delia Shea, Miss Jeannette Simpson.
From Santa Rosa — Frank Burris, Oscar
Matthews.
XAPA SODA SPRINGS— Those who
registered at 2N'af>a Soda Springs during
the last week were; Miss Irene Muzzy,
Miss Helene-Speyer, Miss Ethel Speyer,
W. Sneyer, I. hi. Mecum, J. C. Pay ten, J.
AV. Harper, R. Hamilton and wife. Emil
Magner and wife, Maybelle Magner, Koy
Fuller, George A. Davis, E. Frowenfeld.
Miss E. Newell, Mrs. J. Frowenfeld and
family, H. Marx and family, Mrs. H.
Wise, Miss Wise, C. J. Gyle. Air. and Mrs
AV. D. Claussen, A_ M. Kamsey and wife,
M. Redinget, San Francisco; F. W.
Moebus and family, Alameda; J. A- Ruth
erford and wife, J. M. Mitchell and wife.
Miss L. Doyle, F. Fish, Miss Ferner, W.
Fitzsimmons, Miss Pope, G. Growney,
Miss R. Pope, Mr. Brouillet. Miss Mar
cum, J. Sanderson, Miss Cleveland, C. Mc-
Donald, Miss F. Brosenahan, C. Gtlenan,
Miss M. Brosenahan, P. Bernheim, Miss
H. Bergendahl, C. Pope, M'.ss M. Gern-
Ing, G. Shields, Miss G. Doyle, H. Medley,
A. Bernheim, vallejo; Mrs. A. F. Burns,
Kalhryn Burns, Percy Burns, Oakland;
N. H. Wulff and family, E. W. Churchill,
W. A. Pawning, H. R, Smith, Abe Strauss,
Miss Lee, J. E. Beard. Napa; F. E. Rigby,
Chicago.
GILROY SPRINGS-The following
guests registered at Gilroy during the past
week: Joseph W. Eiveis. Albert F. Luce
beth. H. C. Houghten, F. A. Hyde, J. P.
Schneider, Ed. H. Torpey, E. P. Floyce,
Geo F. Reck, J. H. Sullivan, J. Sullivan,
N. Lawrence and wife, A. A. Smith, Miss
Clara Heppner, J. B. Woods and wife,
John Piedmont, L. Banker and family,
Dan Jackaon and wife, R. C. Wilson, C.
D. Young and wife, Miss Mary Fear, II. A.
Norton and family, John K. Herman and
wife. Miss Lena Herman, Miss Bertha
Kosa, Thos. K. Green, F. K, Cames, Chas.
Barton, K. Klefer, San Francisco; Mrs.
A. E. Armstrong, Miss Vivian Armstrong,
Oakland; W, A. Dennis and -wife, Ala
meda; Louisa Struto, Mrs. Carroto, R.
Brim and -wife, Dr. J. Clark, J. A. Clark,
J. Princevalle, Hon. J. P. Fitzgerald,
Prof. Jas. Karmely, Gilroy; Jack Leddy,
Pajaro; Mrs. T. M. Kelly, Castroviile; H.
C. Beckmen, Mrs. Mary Beckmen, Mrs.
Carington, Lodi; Jos. Bchupp. San Jose;
Geo. Steusf, Marshtieid, ore.; H. M.
Dunne and wife, Mis3 L. Dunne, New
York.
Brayton, Rev. M. N. Ray and wife, Miss
Jess'io Ray, Mrs. A. N. Lewis, Mrs. J. C-
Hall, Miss M. E. Gates. John B. Whit
more, C. H. Bandman, Mrs. M. A. Evans.
C. H. Stegmar, Miss E. L. Fuller George
J. W. Stark, M. Levy and wife. Miss M.
Strong, L. S. Shannon, Mr. and Mrs. C. 13.
Wheaton. Mr. and Mrs. William Reding,
Mrs. C. H. Spring, Mi?s L. A. HolbrooK.
Oakland; Hon. James II. Budd. A. E. Tat
terson and wife. Mr. and Mrs. Edward C
Wagner, Stockton; Miss J. E. Hobbs, Miss
R. R. Swift, New York.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS— Registered
at Klamath during the past week: air.
and Mrs. Joe Marshall. Miss E. Harbison.
L. Gerber and wife, Sacramento; J. .>*V r "
phy, H. G. Weisbrod, S. C. Spero, R. Mc-
Xamara, J. C. Gyle. Wm. Swartley. O. C.
Huested, J. J. Sullivan, A. Shcnker, Miss
Idella C. Emmons, Mrs. C. F. Starke D.
Bachand, D. C. Schoenfeld, H. H. Adler,
San Francisco; F. S. Grohs and daughters,
J. E. Stephens, Auburn; Rev. Thos. til
ben, wife and son. Pacific Grove; E. C.
Cross, Salem; W. M. Ladd, Portland; D.
T. Sears, Miss Fay Sears. Medford; Mr.
and Mrs. D. Hearfleld. San Rafael; A. A.
Fuller, W. P. Swope. Portland; O. F. De
morest, £>. D. S., Lakeview;
HOTEL VENDOME— Arrivals at the
Hotel Vendomo, San Jose. Include: D. W.
Graves. George L. Alexander and wife,
Mr. and Mrs. George M. Murphy, John F
Slebe. William M. Lent, Miss Wiggins.
Miss C. E. Wiggins. Miss T. E. Johnson.
Mr. and Mrs. Lerpold. Frank Cummlngs
and family, Mr. and Mrs. Horace Fogg,
Miss Lynch, Sydney Joseph, Milton A.
Bremer. Edward L. Wood, G. K. White,
J. F. Blgelow, J. Cahn. F. O'Neal, Carlos
A. Lacayo and wife, R. G. Wallace, Miss
Edith MacMillan, J. J. Gottlob. C. P. Hall.
Rev. John A. Emery. Mrs. H. Allen and
party, Mrs. Samuel "Wilson. N. T. Cook,
H. E. Tlppetts, Frank Tippetts. F. Koen
inpsbergor, Miss Carrie Helbing, Frank
Worthing, Charles B. DeLaney, Ernest
Hastings. T. H. Ackerman. A. G. Free
man, Albert E. Castle, Miss M. Hagg.
Miss F. T. Callaghan. Henry Meyer, F.
L. Barnardi, Miss A. L. Lengfeld. Mrs. L
Tiernan, A. K. Tiernan, Miss E. S. Ryder,
Dr. L. L. Dunbar and wife, Stuart Dun
bar. Alfred Ehrman, H. V. Scott, Dr. A.
M. Skalfe, Miss Lou Harvey, B. Goodwin
and wife, Miss Grant, D. E. Miles, San
Francisco: Mrs. J. A. Stanley, Mrs. T. B.
Coghill, Miss Bessie Coghill, Mr8. A. P.
PARATSO HOT SPRINGS— The follow
ing guests have registered at Paralso dur
ing the past week: Robert I. McEnany,
A. Gilllland, Mrs/i F. Dietz, F. W. Dietz,
E. W. Dietz, W. c: Mickulieh, Mrs. S.
Dannenbaum, M. Katzenstein, Dr. Goorge
F. Shiels. Mrs. J. Wilson Shlels and child.
George H. Fuller. "William I. Smith, D.
Landers, San Francisco: John N. Basse,
King City; K. F. Leddy and wife, Watson
vine; J. O. Vnlpey. P. Steigleman. R.
Corey, N. A. Dorn, Salinas; J. P. Mitchell,
Captroville: H. C. Morris, Oakland; Mrs.
Ed Abel, Miss Gertrude Abel, San Jose;
Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Marcuse. A. F. Mac
lean and wife, Fannie R. Reid, Jennie C.
Slevers, Kate Robinson, Berkeley; R. T.
Pepperdine, Alice R. Pepperdine, Carson,
Nev.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE HOTEL—
The following guests registered at Inde
pendence J-rfike during the past week: San
Francisco — F. S. Johnson, E. M. Pink
ham. Joseph Martin, Mrs. Joseph Martin,
Master Joseph Martin, Master Chester
Martin, Mrs. Swinerton, A. M. Swiner
ton, A. B. Swlnterton. Berkeley — Miss
Carol Day. Mrs. Clinton Day, Mrs. J. AV.
Richards, Miss, Ruby Richards, Miss Ruth
Richards. MIfs Clara Huddart, Miss May
Huddart. San Mateo— Mrs. Merrltt Reed,
M. Reed Miss Merritt Reed. Burlingame —
Julius Kruttpchnitt Jr. Belvedere — Edgar
Stillman. Santa Cruz— Miss A. Wilkins,
Miss M. E. Seaver. Oakland— Mrs. Rich
?rd M Lyman, Richard M. Lyman Jr.
Honolulu— Mrs. F. R. Day. Stanford 1 — W.
R. Dudley, E. G. Dudley.
Judge and Mrs. George R. Davis of Tuc
son. Ariz., are occupying a cottage at Cor
onado for the summer months.
Mr. and Mrs. Graham E. Babcock and
Miss Margaret Edwards are guests of
Mr. and Mrs. John S. Cravens at Pasa
dena this week.
Mr. and Mrs. W. V. Huntington and
Miss Edith Huntington are spending the
summer at Coronado Beach.
Mr. and Mrs. P. W. Gibbings. Mr. and
Mrs. Albert S. Hoyt, Miss Pattee and Miss
Ida E. Merkley are among the prominent
society people of Pasadena at Hotel del
Coronado for the summer.
CORONADO-Late arrivals at Hotel del
Coronado include the following San Fran
ciscans: Mrs. C. F. Mullens, Miss Mul
lens, Mr. and -Mrs. H. II. Sherwood, the
Misses Sherwood, Mrs. Charles Moses,
Miss Ellen O'Connor, Mips Tiny O'Connor,
Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Brecden, the Misses
Adams, Mrs. J. J. Moore. Jeff Moore, Mr.
and Mrs. L.. Sachs and their daughters,
Mrs. Heller and Mrs. Bachman.
At tbe Resorts
Mesdames N. and I. Sellg and children
are spending the summer at Tamalpals
Villa.
Mr. and Mrs. Emil Manner and daugh
ter. Miss Maybelle Magner, have gont,
to Napa Soda Springs for the summer
months.
Mrs. Joseph H. Rosenthal, accompanied
by her sons, has arrived from Butte,
Mont., on a visit to her father, Joseph
Hirsch, and is stopping at 610 O'Farrell
street.
Mrs. John Lubben and Misses Lillian
and Alma Lubben have gone to San Ra
fael for the summer months.
Mrs. Isidore Jonas (nee Keene) and Miss
Rose Keene of San Francisco, together
with Mrs. Abe Jonas and family of Oak
land, are sojourning at Ben Lomond,
Santa Cruz Mountains.
Dr. H. J. Stewart .' and .Miss Frances
Stewart have left for British Columbia
and will return to San Francisco about
July 25. •
The Misses Rose and Lulu Morgan and
Miss K. G. Lyons left for Honolulu on
the Rosamund Sunday, June 17. They will
spend about two months on the islands.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Denlgan and
daughter. Miss Florence, left last week
for a two weeks' outing In Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Mrs. D. Wallach and Miss AVallach will
discontinue their day at home for the
summer.
Mrs. Simon Levy has discontinued her
day at home for the summer.
Mrs. I. M. Levison and daughter of 709
McAllister street are spending the sum
mer with Mrs. R. L. Levy and Miss Rom
Cohen of Alameda,
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Scharlin and family
have charged their residence from 1211
Mason street to 1621 Bush, near Gough.
Mr. and Mrs. Julian Oestrelcher have
left for the East en route to Europe.
The Aliases May and Bessie Slppert are
spending their vacation as the guest of
Mr. Conrad, Chief of Police of Alameda,
at his home In Moraga Valley.
Mrs. John B. Mendes and her son, Car
los, are at Camp Taylor.
Mrs. Eva Tenny, William H. Alford, G.
Cadenasso and Charles Arnold are spend
ing some time at Glenwood.
Mrs. Herman Rogers and family will
spend a few weeks at Howell Mountain.
Miss Flora D. Holland and Miss Ettie
Parsons are spending the summer at Shu
la's Grove. Larkspur.
Teresa H. Murphy has gone to Monte
rey, where she will be the guest of her
sister, Mrs. Charles Rollo Peters.
Samuel Adelsteln v.ill spend his vaca
tion at Shasta Springs.
Mr. and Mrs. Henri Marx and family
have gone to Kapa Soda Springs for the
summer.
Mr. and Mrs. Georg-e G. Gauld of 2901
Jaokpon street have returned home from
Portland, Or. Mr. Ganld will discontinue
her day at home, Tuesday, until after .the
summer months.
R. Cohen of 1536 Willow street. Alameda,
arrived home Friday, the 15th, from Eu
rope. . • v
Mrs. B. M. McCarthy and her sons, l^eo
and Victor, have taken Mountain View
Villa, Ulen Ellen, for the summer. They
have 'as their gyest their uncle, T. Mur-
John Valentine and his sister. Miss
Lovetta VaJentlne, have gone to spend a
short vacation with friends at L<oo.mis,
Placer County..
Miss Florence C. Steck of 438 Van Ness
avenue is spending her summer vacation
at White Oak Farm, Cloverdale.
Mrs. R. Townsend Huddart has returned
from New York, where she has been visit
ing for some months, and is now staying
at 2021 California street.
Mrs. Joe Newmark of Needles Is visit
ing her mother, Mrs. E. Folks, and will
be at home the first Thursday at S29 Ellis
street.
have moved to 1427 Sherman street, Ala
meda.
Miss Maude G. Winter of Berkeley left
last Tuesday for a visit In the East.
THE SAN FRANCISCO.. CALL, SUNDAY, JUiNE 24, 1900.
D. "W. Xesfield. The ceremony wa3 per
formed by Kev. T. O'Callaghan. the pas
tor of St. Matthew's Church, San Mateo.
he being a particular friend of the family
and the bride. The maid of honor was the
bride's sister. Dr. Margaret J. Mahoney,
and the bridesmaids, her sister. Miss Mira
Mahoney, and her nieces, Miss Margaret
Nt'sfield. Miss Emma Nesfipkl and Miss
Helen NesfleldJ The groom was attended
by \\\ <i. Strauch.
The drawing room was decorated in
white and rose pir.k sweet peas, Wood
wardia ferns, huckleberry boughs and
vines, beneath a trellis. In the sitting
room the floral effects were in tones of
canary and gold yellow.
The bride wore a robe of lusterless
white siik with court train. The corsage
was •high, with long: sleeves and finish'-d
with chiffon. The tulle veil was fastened
In the coiffure with a cluster of orange
blossoms?. The only jewelry worn was a
diamond brooch, the gift of the groom.
The bride's attendants were attired in
gowns of rose petal tints.
Mrs. W. C. Mahoney played the Wed
ding March as the bride and her maids en
tered and joined the groom and his at
tendant. .Af'er the congratulations were
presented Misses Xcsfield sang the I>ohen
grin Bridal Chorus.
The bride is a native of this city and
was born in the home from which Phe
was married. She is the youngest daugh
ter of the late Denis Mahoney, a prom
inent pioneer of California.
Mr. and Mrs. Grosjean left Tuesday
morning for a bridal trip south.
A sweet pp.i wc-ririing was the event of
Sunday. June 10, at Oak Grove, Concord.
The taU and stunning brunette. Miss Ruth
Treat Godfrey, was united in marriage to
George Booth Root Jr.
The bride is the daughter of the late
Colonel and Mrs. Helen Godfrey of I-os
Angeles. She is well known in Oakland,
where «he attended many of last winter's
smart functions. Mr. Root is also promi
nent socially, as well a? in a business
way; he Js connected with the California
and Northwestern Railway Company, and
is known by young business men on both
sides of the bay.
Out on the lawn in front of the family
homestead a bower was spread under a
great oak tree nnd there at high noon
Rev. Dr. Lee of Martinez performed the
ceremony. Palms were ranged about ami
white sweet peas and oleanders were
joined by garlands of ferns. Krcd Conk
lin. a popular young society man of Oak
land, attended the groom. The bride ad
vanced with her mother and was accom
panied by her sisters. Miss Marion God
frey, maid of honor, and the Misses Helen
and Eleanor Godfrey. hTe bride's gown
was of white tulle over taffeta, the tulle
shirred fmni hem to throat, a veil being
fastened with ornng-e blossoms. The pale
green organdy gowns of the bridesmaids
carried out the color scheme.
A delicious wedding breakfast followed
in the midst of the sweet peas and ferns.
with which the house was decorated.
Many beautiful and costly gifts were re
ceived by the young couple.
They will spend the honeymoon at Cata
lina Island and later will return to re
side at the home of the grooms parents
in East Oakland.
s
Home Gatherings
Mips Grace Anderson wa? the recipient
of a very enjoyable birthday party given
her by her parents recently at 1>5 Elliott
park in honor of her thirteenth birthday.
A very pleasant afternoon was passed
with music, dancing and gamps. At 4
o'clock the young: people marched to the
dininp-room, where an elaborate repast
was served, the table belnp bcautiiully
decorated with flowers. Those present
were: Miss Rubv Cameron, N'orma IVmo
van. Julia Stein," Josie Stein. Klla Mullin.
Paula Schulken. Annie Barrett. Lizzie
Mitchell. Alice Healy. William Healy. Scl
ma Riese, Henrietta Stein. Bessie Stein,
Grace Anderson and Ruth Anderson.
Master Edward Wiggins was the re
cipient of a surprise party given at his
parents' home, 31S Laguna street, Satur
day eveninp. June 1*3. The parlors
W p" re beautifully decorated and time was
spent in frames and music until refresh
ments were served. Alter the service of
refreshments the young persons present
returned to the parlors. v. here music. f?a.mes
and sinpingr w-ere indulged in until a late
hour. Those present were: Misses Edna
Mackenhuth. Stella Blanchlield, Bessie
and May Keatinpr. Irene and Myrtle An
derson, Hazel and Grace McGinn, Jennie
and Master Willie Wmgins. Grace Ivcad
ley. Mabel Curley. Emily Ducruet, Mrs.
Heney. Mrs. Wel^h. Mr. and Mrs. W.'s
gins; Masters Edward Wijrpins. Frank
and Bert Welch, Ernest Morton, Ernest
and Edward Heinze, Willis and James
Egan. Willliam Strtiff. Bort Free. John
Sullivan, Noble Williams, George Goody,
Harry Robinson and Charlie Soawell.
Mr. and Mrs. E. O. Rieser charmingly
entertained at their home on Monday
evening last with a musicale and supper
SOCIETY
26
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
1<>Q|> MARKKT ST.— Actual business book-
¦ -^OO keeplns: only expert accountant*
and reporters as teachers. UresK shorthand.
the easiest, fastest and most readable. V*y
and evening.
I " 1 '*
I CLEARANCE SALE !
t . x
1 ...F*OR THE.., X
I SECOND WEEK |
X ...OF OUR... X
I Great Clearance Sale I
x ¦ x
X We will offer the following remarkable ?
X bargains : X
X LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SKIRTS, reduced from $1.75 to.. 90c ?
.X LADIES' CHEVIOT SKIRTS., worth $3.00. now on sale at $1.50 f
X LADIES' GRAY CHEVIOT SKIRTS, trimmed with applique, worth +
•*- $350, now on sale at $2.00 -+¦
+ LADIES' CREPON SKIRTS, worth $6.50, now on sale at ..$3.15 -f
¦?• t 4.
"?" LADIES' SATIN SKIRTS, worth $12.50, now on sale at $7.50 >
f DUCK AND COVERT SKIRTS, in all colors, former price $1.75, now ?
X on sale at '. $1.00
X LADIES' TAN ETON JACKETS, trimmed with applique, value for f
x. $900, now on sale at $5.00 +
-f LADIES' GRAY CHEVIOT SUITS, worth $12.50, now on sale at.. X
X $750 +
*?" LADIES' GRAY CHEVIOT SUITS, worth $10.00, now on sale at. .$5 . f
t LADIES' BLUE CHEVIOT SUITS, Jacket trimmed with applique, f
X worth $12.50, now on sale at $7.50 X
X Large assortment LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS now on sale at 75c
X Large assortment LADIES' CALICO WRAPPERS, former price t
X $1.75, now on sale at » $1.00 +
X Large assortment FEATHER BOAS at a GREAT REDUCTION. X
X J. O'BRIEN & CO., I
I 1146 Market Street. |
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
SAN JOS!!. CALIFORNIA.
WILL RESUME STUDIES ON TUESDAY.
Ausnst 7. 13C0.
GRANTS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS DE-
STees: seminary course accredited to tha
Universities; rare opportunities offered In m"' 1^.
art and elocution. Write for catalogue to MFtd.
C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills Collece P. 0.. Cal.
Thirty fifth year; fall term opens Aug. 3. l-*>' :
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
Ect. 1S77. Men and women taasM In or.a
mor.th the science of navigating ¦ •••« arour.d
the world. Privately if desir-.l. Marine engi-
neers prepared for license. CAPT. VON
SCHOEX. M. E.. etc.. pr'.ncir*!. g"**"*
NAVIGATION SCHOOL
been removed to Irvlncton. Site of fifteen
acres: remarkably beautiful: cltm.T* unsur-
passed. Inspection of buildings ant! cr^'inds In-
vited. W. \V. ANDERSON, Principal.
ANDERSON ACADEMY.
Formerly University Acndrtny. Alatneda. ha«
Lesions personally and by mall. Acknowledged
by official reporters "lv>3t teachers, best system.'*
302 Montgomery st.. Pan Francisco. Cnl
iVIISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
ST, MATTHEWS' MIL K.
SAN" MATEO. CAL. For cataJojrJe and Us*
trat^d circular address
REV. \V. A. HREWER. A. B.. Rector.
Separate Rooms. Gymnasium. Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TER1I P.RGIN3 AUGUST I4TH.
KEV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
FOR YOUAG MEN AND BOYS.
SAN PAFAEL. CAL..
Hitchcock School,
Established over a third of a century: has a
national reputation, and was one of the f>w
pchools selected to r<?pres»>rit th* development
of commercial education at the Paris Exposi-
tion; over 1T,C*> sraduatra successfully applp-
intf their knf>wle<J?p: 2v-<) graduates annually
placed In positions; 25 teachers: open the entiri
year; new fO-page catalogue free.
HEMS BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET, San Franeisco,
jil^^ 6 *-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f DRY GOODS CO/YIPANY.
•*• u ¦ n b ¦
T (SECOND FLOOR)
1 . PRICES TO CLEAR LINES.
? 5OC Corset Covers, in embroidered cambric and nainsooc
? 75C— Ladies 1 Drawers, in cambric and nainsook, reduced trom $150
X 5O C Ladies' Chemise, in cambric, lawn and nansook
t $1.00— Ladies' Mus!in Gowns, hemstitched yoke, neck and sleeves.
j SK25— Ladies' Cambric and Muslin Gowns, embroidered yoke.
t SKOO— Ladies Cambric and Lawn Petticoats, daep tucked flounces.
t $2^00— Ladies" Trimmed Skirts, s & e ~ if deep flounces, fine embrwtfeiy.
"' NOTE— All BLACK and COLORED SILK WAISTS Marked Down.
1 SPECIAL OFFER1NC!
* BLACK SILK WAISTS, all styles, broken lines, odd pieces, <r fT r\r\
4- assorted sizes, to bs forced out at ¦^J.V/V/
i
T LINGERIE AND CHILDREN'S GARMENTS TO ORDER
T __ ;
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
J SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisco.
J UNION SOUrtRE.
J, MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.
c4~i-!..!..t..t..i-:-M-H^K"i-i- 1 : :¦ ; -h-4-h h ¦: ¦;¦ r ¦*•: -m-i-i-h-:* i i-m-m-**-
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
building. 1170 Market sireVt . co ¦ &l^n?
28-29. with the electric needle without palTS?
scar. Permanency guaranteed- hours 1 m 1 IT ~
What the World". Greatest Se?pen tI ne ' Dancw
LOIE FULLER,
Says about the Skin Food and Tissue Builder
BRAHMAN ,
TOILET CREAM: -S^k
"I certainly can recr. m - /3&gj& k^Sl
mend your delightful 3 "S2ft
Brahman Toilet Croam Jj&*^#2^>vSl
as the best thin? for Its fifcEFS^**
purpose I have ever T#*<5
used." Price, 25c. Brah- }*$& i6*Weif'
man Tooth Powder 23c iwv^K®
office o7 BBlSt8 * nd " diSSHlii?^
A. W. Traverse, M. Dt. ~* MT*»"i™fr ,fr,
IRVIUO INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for young ladles, 21M
California »t.. win reopen AuRUSt 6, W*). Ac-
credited to the Universities; primary department
for children; carrlagra will call. EEV. EX>-
WAJID B. CHURCH. A. M- PrtnciaaL
POLYTECHNIC g8EL N E F ci s
Great Business Training and Shorthand SchooL
Has the largest ami best equipped dept.*. In th*
West. 300 young men and women wanted. Every
graduate employed. Free catalog. Oakland, Cal.
. San Froncfsco. ColW^rnla.
STUDIES WILL. BE KESU1IKD MONDAY.
Augrast «. 1300. Dolores at., near Sixteenth.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME
ill ii fe--^ Heani ¦
• I \C_^2^// 'ill' Ca*^ makes a dark skin
i /#| Mlc?^ M / &y I IfSrfTV vl'ln lighter, clearer, pur-
'¦ 1 iffi liT^H I M r*J er * s a medicinal
' ''"I '¦ Wfl^\ ** I '^ preparation -which
/ 7 *&ttMr ' |\ *^* 1/ cures, it actually coaxes a
''' I HI ii 111 P^k. II ' new 'skin to the surface.
if^Jr *V?T T^S^tJ^t? The removin 2 of tan is
4/ WiwMil W^Sr V^T the least important of its
i/TTiTl mllimnilTlliTni Ml IJUr — V d,} accomplishments. It re-
moves Blotches, Pimples, Moth and Liver Patches, and restores the
clear, transparent beauty of youth.
ANITA CREAM AND TOILET CO.. Los Angeles. Cal. EDGARTON. Kin., Jan. 1. 1900.
Dear Sirs— After spending si* weektel the beach I wts advised by a friend to use your "Anita
Cream" 10 remove the tin. I cam* Esst the s:as day I bought It and so did not use it until I reached
home. All my friends who saw me the first week here. said. ''How black you are." In ten days the
same people remarked how white and lovely was my complexion.
i teel that I cannot do without ft. I send you amount for two more boxes. Do you have any
agents? 1 nave not had a pimple on my face since using It, and before I was troubled all the time.
- Yours truly. MISS FANNIE COLLINS. :
Full particulars. Instructions and a free sample will be mailed to any address upon receipt of 2c
postage. Anita CRGAM A TOILET Co., 207 Franklin St. Los Angeles. Cal.The annual anniversary party of Seven
Pines Circle, Ladies of the Grand Armyof
the Republic, will be given in the social
hall of the Alcazar building on the night
of the 27th inst. There will be a good pro
gramme of entertainment, to be followed
by dancing.
Seven Pines Circle, L. G>. A. R.
Preparations are being made for. a grand
smoker to be given under th« auspices of
the local councils on the night of-beptem
ber 29. It will be under the direction of a
committee composed of one from each of
the local councils.
On the evening of the 16th inst. the San
Francisco Cabinet paid an official visit to
San Francisco Council In Red Men's build
ing. The report of Secretary Hills showed
that the council has in the past few
months been taking In new members and
that it has several In view. It Is expected
that before the close of the year the coun
cil will have a net gain of fifteen mem
bers. There waa during the evening an
Interesting discussion on the subject of
the advisability of the senate creating a
reserve fund. Among the speakers were
President Cutberth of the Cabinet, Friends
Bell, Mans, Dr. Millberry, Financial Soc
retarv Blinn. Friend McGuffey and others.
The National Union.
On the evening of the 2d of July Chero
kee Tribe of Berkeley will have a public
raising up of chiefs in the amplified form.
All of the fraternal socieites of Berkeley
have been invited and have accepted the
Invitation to attend. The great chiefs
will visit in a body.
Pocahontas Council, D. of P., will hold
an entertainment and dance In Laurel
Hall, Shiels building, to-morrow evening.
Montezuma Tribe will celebrate Its sixth
anniversary by an entertainment and ball
in the Assembly Hall, Red Men's build
ing, next Tuesday evening.
Bald Eagle- Tribe adopted seven pale
faces on the sleep of the 20th sun and
conferred the warriors and chiefs degree.
The tribe is in a flourishing condition
both numerieallv and financially.
George H. Buck, Superior Judge of San
Mateo County and a past great sachem
of the order, was In town attending th«»
Grand Grove of Druids and paid a A'islt
to the office of the great chief of records.
Yosemite Council of Alameda conductea
twelve candidates into the mysteries of
Redmanshlp at its last held meeting.
This council is rapidly taking its place
among the leading lady fraternities of
Alameda. The team work performed un
der the guidance of H. A. Cole is worthy
of special mention.
to the order, have just been completed
and can be had at the office of the great
chief of records at the Post-street wig
wam.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Pursuant to a call from Sotoyomo
Tribe the representatives of the various
city tribes met in Mystic Hall, Red Men's
building, to arrange a programme for the
entertainment of the great chiefs and
delegates to the next Great Council of
California, which will convene In this city
on August 7 next. James Boyce, P. S. of
Manzanlta Tribe, was elected chairman;
Mrs. Herman Gustadt, vice chairman; J.
II. Hutaff, secretary, and Frederick
Brandt, P. G. S., treasurer. A majority
of the tribes and councils were represent
ed.
A communication from the hunting
grounds of San Jose Bays that Manhat
tan Tribe of that place has doubled its
membership since institution, February
20. the tribe having now a membership of
peventy-flve. The tribe decided that the
brother bringing In the largest number of
palefaces in the next thirty days be
presented with a beautiful pin emblematic
of the order.
Pawnee Tribe of Alameda, that recently
wrested the laurels from Ah-Wah-Nee
Tribe of East Oakland, has notified tho
grand chief of records that it will en
ter the competition for the $100 trophy of
fered t>y the Great Council.
The haymakers of White Eagle Tribe
entertained friends by a very elaborate
banquet at the wigwam, corner of
Twenty-fourth street and Potrere avenue
on the 16th inst.
The members of Matoaka Council and
their friends will picnic at Fairfax Park
to-day.
A new lot of souvenirs giving a brief
history of Redmanshlp, with portraits of
the great chiefs and information relativfi
The San Francisco extension committee,
accompanied by Grand Master Workman
Snook, paid a visit en the night of the
loth Inst. to Franklin Lodge No. 44. The
visitors were welcomed by Master Work
man Walters, and after the work of the
evening there were addresses by the
grand master workman, Secretary Malloy
of the extension committee, and by a
numbor of the deputies. Since this lodge
received, by consolidation, the members
of Park I^odge, there has been a little
more activity than there had been for
some time previous.
On the evening of the 14th Inst. there
was a large number of Workmen in the
hall of Pacific Lodge, Oakland, to witness
the initiation of a class of twenty-three
by the Pachlc drill team, under command
of Captain George Scott. E. J. Fennon
was the M. W.; Dr. H. W. French, F.;
George A. Bowersmlth. O. ; W. J. Hall,
G. and lecturer, and A. H. McKowan. P.
M. W. The work, almost letter perfect,
was very impressive. There were many
expressions of satisfaction by the mem
bers, as by this addition to the roll of
the lodge it was entitled to the
diamond badge of honor offered by the
grand master workman. At the last held
meeting the badge was presented to the
lodge, and in turn presented by the lodge
to P. Menard, who was instrumental in
securing the greatest number of candi
dates, V. J. Ball being a close second.
During the past month Deputy Wells, who
has charge of the extension work of the
order in Oakland, secured the applications
of thirty-eight desirous of becoming mem
bers of the order. Thl3 energetic deputy
has started another list and has already
obtained a number of signatures. At its
last held meeting this lodge had a smoker
and among the speakers of the evening
was Grand Master Workman Charles E.
Snook.
Past Master Thomas Casey of Burns
Lodge has returned from the East, where
he had been for several years. He is again
at work in the lodge, for he is an enthusi
astic Workman.
Last Tuesday night there was a large
attendance in Triumph Lodge*. During
the evening John Heeringa, who for a
year past served In the capacity of dis
trict deputy grand master workman, was,
by the lodges of the district, presented
a handsome testimonial, the presentation
being by District Deputy Gus Pohlman,
in his usual happy manner. The presen
tation was on the anniversary of Mrs.
Heeringa's birth. In the same lodge it
was decided to have a social on the night
of the installation of the officers of the
lodge. A committee was appointed to ar
range for It. '-"-•••''
At a recent meeting of Burns Lodge an
example was set which others might fol
low. Past Master Workman L. G. Schord
and Deputy District Grand Master Work
man Gus Pohlman each introduced a son
Into the order and jointly they assisted in
conferring the degrees on the young men.
Unity Lodge on last Tuesday night had
a great crowd of workmen and strangers
at its open meeting and smoker. Cigars,
pipes and tobacco served to occupy the at
tention of those present when they were
not listening to the programme that was
presented.
Grand Secretary Spencer paid a visit
last week to the lodge in Sonora and on
his way back to the city visited the lodge
at Soulsbyville. There he assisted in con
ferring the degrees on several candidates
and after the work there was an enter
tainment and a jolly good time.
Superior Lodge of this city was visited
last Monday night by the extension com
mittee. After the routine business rtie
lodge was turned over to Walter Malloy,
secretary of the committee, who gave a
vigorous talk on Workmanshin, and there
was other entertainment. The district
deputies then secured eight applications,
for, after the business, it was an open
meeting and a number of strangers were
admitted into the lodgeroom.
The entertainment by Forget-me-not
Lodge of the degree of honor will be given
on Wednesday, the 11th of July.
Miss Loretta Donnelly, grand recorder
oT the degree of honor, is enjoying a va
cation at Shasta.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
rnl^K ry, month- To-morrow night the
l«? m T ers of,, the Parlor and wives and lady
Lin ll ve *.' 111 attend the Tivoll. There
*ni be about 200 in the party.
Native Daughters.
The. home coming from the Grand
farlor of Mrs. Ema Gett, wife of Major
Gett of Sacramento, will long be pleas
urably remembered by all who In every
way have shown the interest that is felt
in this very estimable lady who has been
elevated to the highest position in the
Eift of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West. Upon her arrival at the
aepot sne was met by a delegation from
ner home parlor, Califla No. 22, delega
tions from Sutter and La Bandera parlors
cf the Native Daughters and delegations
from Sunset and Sacramento parlors of
tne Native Sons, the latter having a band,
and there was a welcome that showed
how much the lady was thought of. In
the evening the members of Califla Par
lor called at the home of Mrs. Gett to
extend their congratulations collectively
and individually. The rooms had been
tastefully decorated on account of her
home-coming and during the evening
there was music by a string orchestra
on the lawn and refreshments were served
to the visitors, who remained until a late
hour. On Tuesday evening Sutter Parlor
had a delightful "at home" and on Thurs
day La Handera Parlor held a reception
in the State Capitol building. On Friday
next Califia Parlor will give a grand 9011
cert and reception in honor of th« grand
president in the Crocker Art Gallery.
Each parlor in Sacramento County has
been doing all it could to make manifest
its appreciation of the elevation of Mrs.
Gett.
Mrs. E. R. O'Donnell, a member oi
Dupna Vista Parlor, has extended an In
vitation to the delegates from the parlor
to the Grand Parlor to spend a day with
her at her beautiful home, "Castle Cozy."'
at Glen Ellen. The returned delegates are:
Mrs. Genevieve Baker. Miss Mollie I-ron;?.
Mrs. Xellie Rader. Miss Minnie Stebbena
and Mrs. H. M. Greene. Mrs. Ella Wehe.
one of the most energetic members of the
parlor, was extended an Invitation to ac
company the ladles named.
It is expected that Miss Laura J. Frakes,
the new grand secretary, will be In this
city this week to enter upon the discharge
of her duties. It has not yet been an
nounced where she will have her office.
Last Monday evening Darina, the parlor
of beautiful girls of the Western Addition,
served a nicely prepared banquet In honor
of the return of Mrs. Lucie E. Hammer
smith and Mrs. Emma Ralph, its delegates
to the Grand Parlor. The delegates re
ported that Grand President Mrs. Sifford
in the report she presented to the grand
body gave a very flattering account of
Darina Parlor and its officers, in keeping
with the commendatory notices that have
appeared in this department about this
parlor. The installation of the officers of
Darina Parlor for the ensuing term will
take place on the last Monday in July, on
which occasion Past President Mrs. Minnie
B. Kajloch will present the parlor a beau
tiful silk American flag. The "evenings at
)inm»." on the first Monday of each
month, are still attractive features of this
parlor and they bring to It many visitors,
who are always made to feel that they
are welcome.
FRATERNAL NEWS.
The Eastern Star.
Th^re were
'. ••:-- of the o
r.ight at the me
ter of the East
the degree wa
Kediiick. Mrs.
N. Cameron,
John Cameron
ner by Miss M
matron, and
ficers. Amon
were Grand P
Conductress
Grand Matro
Patron J. H.
matron of Ivy
matron of Be
ball, patron
l:a:n S. Moses,
coast; Past P
and others wh
cal chapters.
an adjournmen
a collation wa
rencp, J. IX iJ
ers entertaine
Bradley has
to far. She is
ed woman, as
and of social
longs to the
<3iM-t!i all thin
Mrs. A. M.
Ivir.g Solomon
presided M t
night. There
transacted;
I-r.st Tuesd
ha.; work in t
.-. Jarge atten
t:::s city.
Ivy Chapter
i uesoay nigh
there will be a
Grand Patrc
paid a visit la
ft ukiah. an
The meetine
There were nearly two hundred -mem
bers of the order present last Thursday
night at the meeting of Golden Gate Chap
ter of the Eastern Star, on which occasion
the degree was conferred on Miss I-ouise
Roddick, Mrs. de Camp, the Misses E. tuid
N. <*ameron. Dr. Florence Temple and
John Cameron in a most Impressive man
ner by Miss M. Ella Bradley, the worthy
matron, and her corps of well drilled of
ficers. Among the prominent visitors
were Grand Patron G. L. Darling, Grand
Conductress Anna M. Johnson, Past
Grand Matron Mrs. Moore. Past Grand
Patron J. H. Gray. Mrs. F. Bonnetleid.
matron of Ivy Chapter: Lydla H. ¦Wharrt,
matron of Berkeley Chapter; J. C Kim
ball, patron of Harmony Chapter; Wil
l:a:n S. Moses, founder of the order on this
coast; Past Patron Head. Mr. Millberrv,
and others who have held office In the lo
cal chapters. After the work there was
an adjournment to the banquet hall, where
a collation was served, and D. M. Law
rence, J. IX iJoujrherty, R. Hunt and oth
ers entertained with vocal selections. Miss
Bradley has had a very successful term
to far. She is a remarkable, broad-mind
ed woiTHitl. as well as a woman of culture
and of social accomplishments, and be
longa to the rare type of woman who
<3iM-t!i all things well.
Mrs. A. M. Blade, worthy matron of
Ivir.g Solomon Chapter, has returned and
presided at the meeting last Wednesday
night. There was only routine business
transacted.
I-r.st Tuesday nlpht Berkeley Chapter
ha.: work in the dejrree in the presence of
.-. Jarge attendance from the chapters of
t:::s city.
Ivy Chapter will have initiations next
] uesoay night, and it is expected that
there will be a larce attendance.
Grand Patrcn Darling and Mrs. Darlir.g
paid a visit laet week to Kingley Chapter
ft ukiah. and they were well received.
The meetintr was a very pleasant one.
The Odd Fellows.
Brigadier General H. O. Brower, assist
ed by a number of prominent Patriarchs
Militant, installed the newly elected of
ficers of Canton Ridley No. 15 of Stock
ton on last Friday. Last night he in
ftslled the r.rw officers of San Jose Can-
Vn No. S of San Jose. On the 2Sth lnst.
he will install the officers of Sacramento
Canton No. 1 at Sacramento.
On the 2^:h inst. the veteran Odd Fel
lows' Association will pay a fraternal visit
to Yerba Buena Lodjrc.
Last Tuesday night Magnolia Lodge had
a double initiation and It goes without
eayir.g that the work was exceedingly well
done.
The memorial service held by Apollo
Lodge on the night of the 15th inst. was
very Impressive and was witnessed by a
large number of the members and visit
ors.
Hermann Lodge, I. O. O. F.
Hermann Lodge No. 145 of the Independ
ent Order of OOd Fe.llows has arranged
for an entertainment and hop to Its
friends in Eureka Hall of the Odd Fel
lows' building. The committee In charge
has prepared a fine programme of enter
tainment and there will be a grood pro
gramme of dances^
The Rebekahs.
!
The entertainment and dance that was
given on the night of the 16th inst. by
Walhalla Rebekah Lodge (German) in
the Covenant Hall of the OJd Fellows'
bullying was one of the most successful
social functions ever given by this hos
pitable lodge. The committee that ha<3
charg-e of this affair was composed or
Mrs. Flora Cress. Mrs. Sophie Schultz,
Mrs*. Dora Sickelken and Mrs. Helen
Rorber. The programme presented for the
entertainment of the many who were
present Included a piano selection bv Mrs.
Apparlus; vocal sola. Mrs. A. H. Breck
woldt; cake walk. Miss i»retta Under
wood; violin duct, the Misses Clark; Del
earte mnv«>m<»nts. Miss Martin; piano
du«>t. Mrs. and Miss Clark; zither duet,
Fred Roller and Otto Eartholdy. Mr.
Moennlng accompanist on the guitar; vo
cal solo. Miss Bessie Morton; recitation,
Mlsp Hyden. and vocal solo. Mrs. Prentee.
After the very much appreciated pro~
gramme th^re was dancing and the serv
ing of lemonade.
Those members of Temrlar Rebekah
Lodge and a few invited friends, in all
thirty ladlts and gentWmen, under the
leadership of Jack Thompson, the vet
eran mountain climber, who started from
Hoss Valley at midnight on Saturday, the
l<5th in?t.. had a glorious time reaching
the ap<?x of Mount Tamalpais in time to
see the *un rise the next morning. It
was a fine moonlight walk by slow stages,
but by the time the last of the ten-mile
ascent had been reached there were a few
who were decidedly tired. On the return
by way of the Mill Valley trail Thompson
took the party by what he declared was
a *.hort cut that would save miles of
walking. Either Thompson had lost his
bearings or he made a bluff about a short
cut, for when the end of the trail was
reached it was either catch on to the
branches of an overhanging tree and
drop fifteen feet or slide. Thompson, to
show how *-a.<=y it was. dropped, and Mrs.
Dele Warford. past grand of the lodge,
pave an exhibition of how easy it was to
slide. It was a Elide that "Ten -Thou sand
Dollar Kelly" would have given a good
E«m to pee. Had it not been for a large
bowlder that was providentially in the:
way and arrested Mrs. Warford in her
downwad course, it is probable that phe
would rot have stopped until she reached
the depot *»t Mill Valley. She says that
the slide was exciting, but that she pre
ierp to walk. In the party there were
Jack Thompson. Mrs. Ada Patterson.
Mrs. Mollie Black. Mrs. Mary Elizabeth
McCane, Annie Cleno. Lottie Farr, Lot
tie Carson. Frar.k Carson, R. C. Black,
J W Harris. May Morgan, Fannie Mor
gan, Mrs. Effie Tunnison, Frank Tunni-
Bon, Frank Gruder. Mrs. Dele Walford.
James Da vie*. Fred R. Parker. Davry
Malcom. Mrs. Mtnnie Dowle and William
Dowle. .
The Druids.
Louis A- Wolf, noble arch of Laurel
Grove No. 17, one of the best workers that
the grove has ever had. was a few even
lr.gr Finee the recipient of a. testimonial
from the members of that grove In appre
ciation of his services in Its behalf. It Is
In the shape of a beautiful gold emblem
atic medal. The testimonial was bestowed
on one who not only has b*en a faithful
worker for the grove, but for the entire
order, he being ready at a moment's no
tice to aid grand or subordinate officers by
placing himself where he can be of most
service.
Notes of the Elks.
Grand Esteemed Loyal Knight J. O.Reis
•will lea\-e for Atlantic City about the 2d
of July. He will be a candidate at the
session of the Grand Lodge for the of
fice of esteemed leading knight, and for
that position he has the support of the
entire Faciflc Coast delegation and of
many Eastern lodges. If long, arduous
dutv in his present office conscientiously
performed counts for anything he cer
tainly will t>e advanced. Colonel J. R.
Howell attended the meeting of San
Francisco Ix>dge on the occasion of th<>
visit of the grand exalted ruler. He
looked woll after his trip to the interior
of the Slate. Trustee Odcll of this lodge
has taken a summer home in Mill Vel
ley. The "ladies' night" to be given by
this lodge has been postponed until Sep-
Btockton Lodsre on last Tuesday night
turned out more than a hundred strong
with a brass band to welcome Its exaJtod
ruler. Representative Marion de Vries, on
hi* return from Washington. D. C, and
gave him a rousing reception. In the
evening he was the guest of the lodge,
when a social session was held. Talent of
high class was on hand to furnish en
tertainment for the evening. The 11
o'clock toast was feelingly responded to
by the Congressman. The session was, as
one of the members expressed It, "one of
th<* most delightful bundles of fun ever
¦wrapped up In one parcel."
The Native Sons.
Next Wednesday evening Hesperian
Parlor •will have an evening at home in
its hall, on which occasion there will be
presented a very entertaining programme,
to be followed by dancing. This parlor is
working hard to make its picnic, to be
held »t Camp Taylor on the Fourth of
Jtilv a great success. C. H. Ehlert, W.
D Moller. L. H. Kohn and F. O. Nor
man compose the committee in charge.
Last Tuesday night Stanford* Parlor
was entertained after the close of busi
ness with a very interesting Illustrated
lecture on Egypt by Dr. Henry B. A.
Keueler. This waa followed by vocal
poT "* by William J. O'Brten. J. J. Ler
man and James Dougherty, and a trom
bone solo by A- Roncovlerl. his son ac
companying: him on the.piano. The par
lor proposes to have an Illustrated lec-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 1900.
27
Last 1 Irne TO-NIGHT of
"MADELEINE"
THE SEASON'S EVENT!
TO-MORROW EVENING
Gorgeous Revival of
the Operatic Gem
Produced With ths
Following Features:
A Great Company! Powerful Chorus!
Symphony Orchestra! • Gorgeous Scenery!.
Beautiful Costumes! Realistic Effects!
EVENINGS AT 8.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
pppFI f AT?-25oana Wte-PRTPiEfl
Telephone Bush) 9.
DON'T THE
™ P i7T SECOND
FORGET WEEK
OF HOTT f S
A Milk White Flag
Presented by
DUNNE & RYLEY'S
ALL-STAR CAST.
Including
MATTHEWS & BULGER. John "W. Dunne,
Mary Marble, Walter Jones, Maude
Courtney a"nd 30 Others.
New Songs, New Specialties.
Next-HOYT'S LATEST,
"A DAYAND A NIGH T."
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY SITNDAY, TUNE 24
Record -Breaking Open Slake!
128-N0MINATI0NS— 128
Among noted starters are TINE
FIRE, HEAL LASSIE, RITUAL
ARTIST, ROYAL FLUSH, THE-
EON, WBITEHEAD,WAESHIP,
NARCISSUS,CRAWFORDBRAES
and Other Stake-Winners.
91150 — PRIZE MONEY — $1150
Music by Von der Mehden's Band.
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leave Third and Townsend streets
10:15 a. m., 11 a- m., 12 m. and 1
p. m.; Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets 5 minutes later. Returning
at 4:45 p- m. and after last course.
San Mateo Electric Cars every 6
minutes.
ADMISSION 25C. LADIES FREE.
COURSING AT
COURSING AT
COURSING AT
INGLESIDE PARK
INGLESIDE PARK
INGLESIDE PARK
TO-DAYf
SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 1900.
80 CRACK HOUNDS- 80
80 CRACK HOUNDS 80
Will Compete In a Hundred Courses.
TO-DAY.
MISSION STREET ELECTRIC CARS
AT INGLESIDE
AT INGLESIDE
AT INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK.
- COURSING PARK.
COURSING PARK.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE sjErfai
FRIDAY AFTERNOON
JUNE 29. at 1:« SHARP.
BENEFIT
FOR THE
WIDOW AND ORPHANS
J/\/VYES E.
/
The Hero of the Fire Department.
— — Given by the
Associated Theatrical Managers
of ?an Francisco,
ATTRACTfOHS FROM EVERY THEATEH
III THE CITY
AND THE BEST BILL EVER GIVEN.
Beats. $1. Tickets on sale at Every Theater
In the city.
Boxes $25. $20 and $10, According to Location,
or as Much More as Any One Wants to Give!
Order? for brxea may be left to-day or to-
morrow.
Reservations commence at the Grand ODera
House TUESDAY MORNING at 9 o'clock.
PHONE MAIN 532.
MATIXEE TO-DAT!
Good Reserved S<?.at in Orchestra 25c.
LAST NIGHT OP
Judson Rrusie's Rural Drama,
A Homespun Heart
PRICES-lOc, 15c. 23c and 50c.
MONDAY, EVENING. JULY 2D. .
THE NEW KRAWLEY COMPACT
In Israel Zancwill's Drama of Hebrew Life,
"CHILDREN OF THE GHETTO."
Rale of ppats Commences Thursday Morning.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
C&.YH EAT R CM >
THIS (SUNDAY) NIGHT AT 8:15.
TO-MORROW— MONDAY NIGHT.
FOURTH WEEK .
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY, In the
Fascinating: Play,
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Beats at Box Office 6 Days In Advanc*.
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW
IN THE CITY.
SENORITA AUGUSTA SALVINI,
Italy's Famous Operatic Vocalist.
ANTON 1U VARGAS,
The World-Famous Barytone.
GEORGE TRUMP,
The Illustrious Hand Balancer.
Last Week of the
THE DOCKHANS,
America's Champion Bag Punchers.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTESand ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND BVENINO.
The Celebratetnpson Family.
HALL SUBDUING WALLACE,
CANNON, THE" FAT MAN.
THE ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN.
BLADDER CONTEST ON THE LAKE.
THIS AFTERNOON.
Order Seats by Phone Park St.
mcruRR'S concert house.
riOtnanO Admission lOo.
LAMBARDI OPERA QUARTET AND SIG.
. ABRAMOFT, In Last Act of "LA FORZA
DEL DESTINO." Elizabeth R. Mowry, Dra-
matic Soprano,, and Isabella Underwood.
Reserved Seats, 25c Matinee Sunday.
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And... .
SodaJJprings.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located In th» midst of grand and luapr— «tv
mountain scenery, with Mount Slisst*
and the Crags for m,
background.
FINE HUNTING AND FISHTSO.
Unsurpassed cuisine and service and reason-
able rates.
RAILROAD TARE, ronad trip, tndudta*
sleeper both ways. 914.
For rates, terms and other Information ad-
dress: E. B. PrXLET. Manager.
Car* Paelflo Improvement Company.
Crocker Bulldtex. San Francisco.
¦sanananoaannnnannnannzi
D ¦
|J YOU GET jjj
| REST SPORT S
| COMFORT g
B At Hotel del Coronado. 5
B ¦
PI THE COOLEST PLACE TV CAM- M
„ FORNIA TN SUMMER. S
'J* Last year th» mercury reached J™
¦ 81 degrees but onca, and only for D
Q half an hour. H
p« Get Steamer Rates and. Ir.for- tj
S matlon at No. 4 New Montgomery J?j
*« st., San Francisco. J-f
H E. S. BABCOCK, Manager. ?
n Coronado Beach, Cal. fj
B ¦
HHBagHHHBBBBBBBWMBa
THE railroad between Laks Tahoa and
Truckee la now running dally, trains con-
necting with East-bound Southern Paciau
trains in the morning at Truckee at 9:15. and
the West-bound In the. evening at Truckee, and
are ready to receive passengers or frelsht to or
from the lake. For particulars apply to 3. P.
Co.. ticket efflee, or to D. L. Bliss Jr.. superin-
tendent Lake Tahoa*' Transportation Company,
Tahoe City. Cal.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands of,
cures of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia, Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnlflcent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and flah-
lng. No foes. Unequaled far health, rest and
recreation. Rates, $13 to $14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Towrsend streets, 8. F., f a.
m. and 2:43 p. m. dally. Carriages at Gllroy
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
II. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
<?lVAr*« r> «S HOT SPRINOS. SONOMA
OIY>\VIV»O County; only 4* hours
frcm San Francisco and but nine mile* of
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural bath In State: grand mountain
scenery: good trout streams at door: telephone.
telegraph; dally mail and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stages: round trip from
San Francisco on!y J5 10. Take Tibtiron ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $3 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of th« past
five years; patronage constantly Increasing.
J. F. MITLGREW. Proprietor.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three miles from TTklah. MendocJno Coanrr.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths: only
place In th<» world cf thts class of waters
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds; fishing and hunting: crystal •pring:
accommodations and tabl* first class. Opens
P J. A. REPEMTTTER A CO.. Proprietors.
KLAMATM HOT 3^HIHOB.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county la
California. Trout fishing— finest In. the State —
Shovel Creek 15 miles for casting. Hunting-
plenty of game In surrounding mountains-
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BROS..
Proprietors. Beawich. Slsklyou County. Cal«
PLEASANT VIEW H0TBL
Iron and Magnesia Springs. Thes« celebrated
springs adjoin Bartlett Springs. Fishing; hunt-
Ing: home cooking: rood beds: » BO to 119 week;
cottages for housekeeping. MRS. H. HOPPIN.
Bartlett Springs, Cal. ¦
CARLSBAD e n r £s l .
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, ttomach. liver. kldn«y
and bladder affections. Accommodations first
class: tV> • week; lighted by gas.
W. R. McGOVERN. Kelsgyvllle. Lake Co.
THE WELLESLEY,
California and Larkln Btst.. San Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MERRT, Proprietress.
PLANTATION HOCSE— £ M , I^ S .
sta°e line Good trout fishing; plenty fruit,
cream and milk: '«• conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
J LUTTRINOER, Seavlew. Sonoma Co.. or ap-
ply MR. KRt'SE. 207 Front st.. for particulars.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The roost attractive place In Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boating, bathlne. bowl-
ing tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Write for
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Lanrel Dell. Lake County. Cal.
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liards, lawn tennis, croquet Strictly first class.
For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. MARTINA.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. POLLMANN. Napa Soda- Springs P. O. ¦
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch. flv«
miles from Santa Crui; delightful summer
hom» In redwoods; running water: abundanco
fruit; good table; terms $3 50 week. Addreia
W. CRANDELL. Santa Crua. Cal.
BOARD on a fruit ranch. $6 per wee*; com-
forts of home and free drives; round trip from
Ban Francisco |3. Address Redwood Height.
Occidental. Botioma County. Cal.
COTTAGE In Mill Valley: t rooms and tent;
furnished for housekeeping; rent $15 for Au-
gust. Apply 51S Jersey St.. S. F.
KEYSER & WATSON. Hopland, convey tour-
ists to Highland Springs. Kelseyv Hie. Carlsbad
Springs and Lakeport. The best of turnouts.
GLEN OAKS RANCH — Nice surroundings;
comfortable rooms: good table: convenient
location. Address F\ QUIEN. Glen Ellen. Cal.
THE Tallman House. Upper Lake. Home cook-
ing; reasonable rates. Headquarters for tour-
ists and commercial travelers.
TOURISTS can get Brst-class rigs from H. A.
ELDRED, Ukiah. for all summer resorts, at
reasonable rates. Eagle Stables. Tel. No. lfv
WHERE
CAN TOU GO WITH ONLT »% HOURS
OF STAOINO.
AND ONLT f S.00 FOR THE ROUND TRIP.
THAT WILL EQITAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
TIFUL
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
DANCINO six nights of the week. GOLF.
Tennis. Bowling. Cement Swimming Tanks.
ACRES of Shady Groves and MILES of
Shady Walks.
Finest Deer Hunting In the County. Hunting
Horses and Guides. Hot Mineral anJ Vapor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunges.
COMPETENT MASSAGISTS.
Numerous Mineral Spring* of " w ' o = <le J* u J
Curative Properties. Large Cool Rooms, lighted
by Electricity.
Call on LEE D. CRAIG. S18 Montgomery st..
or address CRAIG & WARNER. Highland
Springs, Cal.
Paso Robles Hot Springs
Away from the dust and city's
din.
Round Trip only $6 2O.
Dine and dance at the hotel; rest
and ramble among oakclad hills.
Grand Ball on July 4th.
Masio by FUHR'S Family Orchestra.
Tickets on sale July 2 to 4, at all
S. P. Starions, £ood to July 6.
For other Information apply to F.
W- ELY, city agent, 640 Market.
Telephone Red 2336.
O«o E. Never. Prop.. Paso Robles. Cal.
Central California
San Jcse *.s the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Oulcksllver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first claaa
in every respect, with service unsurpassed
Rate? reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office. JO Montgomery St., Ban
Franclseo. or address
GEO. P. SNELL. Mgr.. San Jose. Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
SH Hours* Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season ef our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise. _ __
HOTEL METROPOLE and COTTNTRT CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to '
P ' GEORGE W. THOMPSON.
«21 Market et.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO.,
122 South Spring St., Los Angeles. Cal.
Dr. C. C. O'DonnelPs Mineral Springs
At GLEN ELLEN is the b«st camping, picnic
and pleasure resort on ttte Coast. The- greatest
remedy lor lung disease, liver and fetomacn
complaints, rheumatism and catarrh In th«
world; 45 mile» from S. F. The S. P. R. K.
and S. F. and N*. P. R. H. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished;
rent choap. No fogs nor poison oak at the
nark Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office 1021H
Ma'ket st , bet. Sixth and Seventh. 8. F. If
you want your health this Is the place to go.
n ~~~. The Sanitarium 0'
DVrOn tht Coast. The bf s'
U x physicians recom-
nO* mend It as the only
# cure for rheumatism
Snnnns. * nd ma|aria -
U|J I ¦•¦«-$ <yj Address A. BETTENS.
Mgr. Byron Hot Springs. Cal.
City Office. Rnom SO. 38 Qpary street
ROWARDENNAN
IN THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Now open and offering every charm to pleas-
ure and health seekers. Boating, swtmmlng.
fishing tennis, croquet, billiards, bowling alley,
rolf links, good driving and saddle horses, su-
perior table. Campers' ticket from San Fran-
cisco S3 CO Full Information at Traveler ofnee.
W Montgomery st.. or B. DICKINSON. Lessee.
Ben Lomond. Cal.
Take Tlburon Ferry. 7:33 a. in., to Ukiah,
and stase to
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
».5O rmind trip. "Write for booklet.
J MARTENS. Proprietor. Bachelor P. O.
City office. 416 Pine st.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS ££3KAZ
Springs; new management: a place of comfort
all seasons: 4S miles from S. F.. via Tlburon
ferry. R. H. station on hotel grounds: exten-
sive swimming tank: $10 50 and up per week;
round-trip *1 10 on Sunday. COOPER & STEW-
ART, Agua CallentP, Cal. Long-distance phone.
REDWOOD HEIGHTS ESSES' *£<"&
Joining house. ">* mile from station: boating and
bathing % rnlle from house; plenty of fresh
fruit, milk and cream; horse and buggr fcr
driving. Address MRS. G. W. BEBEE. Guer-
nevllle. Sonoma County. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate,
fine fishing, excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak. no pests. An Ideal spot
i for families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June 1. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMONS. Independence Lake, CaL
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL rrZT^^iT
Unequaled soda and magnesia waters. Good
for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles.
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. HOWELL, Hopland.
Mendoclno County. Cal.
V/1CFMITF M^ hours from s »«
IUOLITII I L- Francisco. Tla the Big
Oak Flat route. Stages leave Chinese 8tatlon
en lint Sierra R. It- dally. Round trip from
Can Francisco J32. For further Information call
or address WM. J. 'WHITE. General Agent,
130 Market St., 8. F. : telephone Main 5132.
WALDRUHE, ~
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. First-class table.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water.
Rates $7 up. Send fcr circular. C H. W.
BRUNINO. Santa Rosa. Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. ( SH
Napa Valley. The institution has all the ad-
vantages of & health resort as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena, Cal.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
c«eat IXELLAR!
In a Wonderful Programme of Mystery.
TO-MORROW NIGHT
Inaugural of the most brilliant of all dramatic
seasons.
CHARLES FROH1IAN Presents
HENRY
MULLKR
and a——
SPECIAL COMPANY.
lVO'PF Curing the Miller season each play
*'v I 1- will be staged for one week only-
six niEhts— two matinees. '
FIRST VTEEK
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY
The Prevaillnc London and
New York Comedy Success
"MISS HOBBS"
By Jerome K. Jerome.
Prices— U SO. $1. 75c, 50c. S5c. 25c.
July 2— "THE TREE OF KNOWLEDGE."
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIOHTB.
Open Dally from T a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from T a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 6c.
Bathing. Including admission. 25c: children. We.
knitJtinbco.
103 Post St., Near Kearny, S. F.
Beautiful New Styles
#£k Ladies',
\py Oent'a and Children's
W|& Bathing
Sii? -Suits
MM l\\W' (Alpaca and Knitted)
[|U> At Prices to
Suit Everybody.
_K .. Ai«-r— - Sweaters. Jerseys. Golf Vests,
jf^lja-*, lL— Jackets, Leggings. Sport-
£i jg* ~"" lnr Goods.
" «?» Bend for Illustrated Cata-
• logues.
OCEANEXCURSIONS
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.. San Francisco
to Victoria, Vancouver, Seattle. Tacoma. and
other ports of call and return, 11 days' trip.
San Francisco to Seattle and the Inland Pas-
sage to Skaguay, over the White Pass Railway,
down the Yukon to Nome, returning by ocean.
SO to 35 days' trip.
San Francisco to Seattle, thence per steamer
Senator, July 21, via Juneau. Skaguay, Glacier
Bay and the Inland Passage, tn slght'of Mt.
St. Elins. via Unlmak Pass and Seal Islands
to Nome, thence to East Cape and Siberian
coast, crossing the Arctic Circle and passlns
Into the Arctic Ocean and return, about 40
days' trip.
Full particulars In pamphlet, entitled Alaska
Excursions. TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Mont-
gomery st.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS. Cap]m £*i?L.
Monterey County. CaL — For health, rest,
climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-dat*
accommodations; beautiful scenery; profusion
of flowers; hot soda, sulphur and electric
baths: swimming tank 30x80 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing; chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
dance hall; large hotel and 80 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families; all
Illuminated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
send streets. San Francisco. » a. ra. ; First and
Broadway, Oakland. 9:10'a. tn. dally for Sola-
dad, then by stage over beautiful level road T
miles to springs. Round-trip tickets, $S. at S.
p. office. 613 Market street. Telephone and
postofflce. For Illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther Information addreF* E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D., proprietor and resident physician.
The Place fop tfest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA NE-
vada. near Colfax, on ths C. P. R. R. Plain,
quiet retreat; finest scenery, water, mountain
air, fruit and all-the-year-round climate In Cal-
ifornia; Ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad, 136 miles from San Francisco; IS a
week; open all year: send for booklet. Address
ORCHAnP SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.
Yi°: TOCALOMA, M & IN
BERTRAND HOTEL—Flrst-clags accommo-
dations; reasonable rates; for families and par-
ties; fishing, bathing, beautiful drives to Bear
Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or Pahl's
shoe store, 324 Kearny St.. B. F.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co.; fine fishing, boating, bathing and
hunting; In the heart of the mountains. Th«
best table In Lake Co. Address O. "VVEIS-
MAN. Mldlake P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal.
THE GEYSCRS, g™£
/ ONE OF" NATURE'S "WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming, fishing,
hunting and livery. Write for pamphlet. 1.
WERTHEIMER. Manager.
ELMONTE HOTEL, Beautiful grounds.
magnificent view and flrst-claas accommoda-
tions. Large sunny rooms. Special rates to
families. -Free bue meets every train; (5 miles
from San Francisco. Fare Jl 63.
Week Commencing 1 .. The orpheum. as usual, is sivm** THIS IS UNli
c+ j~.. Moflnan I the best vaudeville bills In America."—
Sunday Matinee, Qeorre H Broadhurst, In N. Y. Tele- __ milCM
June 24th. 1^ graph, June 10th. . [)% ltlUlll ....
The most Important ennnment of the season.
—THE FOUR COHANS—
The highest paid vaudeville artiats In Amrrica.
Presenting George M. Cohan's^ latest and best farce comedy. "THE GOVERNOR'S SON."
TODD -JUDGE. F-A-IvIII-fy
The most entertaining acrobatic aggregation on earth.
CARRINGTON, HOLLAND~AND GALPEN
A famous trio of operatic comedians.
C I L, B E i R^"TT77rT^rr77:V^c OLDIE
Versatile comedians and old 'Frisco favorites.
musicalTdale j sydIney deane
The Campanoloeical King. I The Australian Barytone.
CHAS. E. Cm f€A~J*EWlN ', Supported by MISS~ANNA CHANCE and Company,
Presenting an original comedy "A MISMATED PAIR."
MATIN EE~To-D Cy7~SU N 1>aVTcIU N E 24th.
Parquet, 25 cent*, any seat: Balcony. 10 cents; Children. 10 cents, any part. A few front
orchestra rows reserved, 50 cents; front rows of balcony, reserved, 23 cents.
AMUSEMENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 24, _!>OO.
28
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework in
exchange for a home; small family; no chil-
dren. Box 660. Call office.
WANTED— Reception lady for large dental of-
fice: experienced preferred; permanent posi-
tion to right party. Box 2668, Call office.
OPERATORS, button-hole makers, finishers &
apprentices; wages learning. 509 Kearny, R. 2.
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on
gents' white shirts. 535 Valencia st.
GIRL wanted for housework and cooking. 304
Steiner st, near Halght.
GERMAN elrl for general housework. Call
G06 Castro St.; wages $20.
GIRL to assist with housework and children.
1613 Benton st. near Bay station, Alameda.
STEADY work and good 'wages for ladles'
neckwear hands; also a ladles' underwear
presser. BAUER BflOS.' CO., 21 Sansome st.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEV1
STRAUSS _ CO.'S factory, 32H Fremont st: ,
no experience necessary; erood wages. Apply i
to MR. DAVIS.
YOUNG girl for light housework and plain
cooking; $10. 7S7 Stevenson st. off Ninth.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls. ;
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gouga
and Grove sta.
CAPABLE Protestant girl for general house-
work: small American family; good home;
eteady place; {IS. 222 Dolores st.. near 16th.
COMPETENT girl wanted; bookblndery. MT-
SELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st.
WANTED— Waitress. Hotel Repeller. 781 Sut-
ter st. . '
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st. bet. 13th and 14th sta
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore «t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencla st.
HELP WANTED — MALE].
AT C. R, HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary »t
200 men for Coast Rood $3 a day
Ship daily Fee $1 ....Free fare
200 laborers. .8. P. Co.'s own wot_..$3 a day
Ship dally Fee $1 Free fare
BO men, railroad work. Shasta County
$190 a day
Ehlp to-day Fee $1 Free fare
25 four-horse teamsters. L. A. dlT..$3 23 a day
Ship to-day ..Fee $1 .....Free fare
Track gang, company work, Moorpark
$2 a day up
Ship to-day ..Fee $1 Free fare
4 men. build fences. Coast Road.. ..$2 25 a day
Ship to-day/ Fee $1 Free fare
\ ¦ — —
10 tunnel men for the big new tunnel. Los
Angeles County. 2 years' work, ship Tuesday
morning; call Monday.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
BIX tunnel men, 22^4 cents an hour; black-
smith, country ehop, $2 25 to $2 60 a day :
ranch wheel wrlrht, $35; machine men and
miners, $2 50 to S3 a day; 20 quarrymen. $2 25
a day; 6 farmers, $1 25 a day and board; yard-
man, summer resort, $20 to $25; woodsmen,
farmers. _. dairymen; milkers, choreman and
others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker, pastry cook, summer resort, $60, nee
party here; head cook, country hotel, $85;
bread and cake baker, country shop, $60;
cook and wife, sawmill. $60; cook and
helper, country hotel. $45 and $20; baker
and anslst on range, $30: fry cook.
$C0; second cook, springs, $40; third cook,
. springs, $30 third cook, country hotel, $35;
short order cook, $10 a week; butcher, coun-
try shop, $40; French second cook. $40: assist-
ant cook, country hotel. $30, fare advanced* 20
dishwashers and kitchen hands, $20, $25 and
$30.
3 waiters, springs, $30; 4 waiters, country
hotel, $30; 6 waiters, country. $25; waiter,
summer resort. $25; waiter, mine boarding
¦ house. $25; 2 restaurant' waiters, $40; young
man to run Ice cream parlor, country $23
and fount-
Washer, hand laundry, country hotel. ISO'
shirt lroners. $30. 7 : ;
C. R. HANSEN & CO........... .104 Goaxy n, ,
WANTED — Man to canvass and collect: good
money for worker; call Monday, Tuesday. S
to 9 or 5 to 6, room 17, Donohoe building. J.
REINDEKS. '
EXPERIEN'CED stock cutter on salts and.
pants. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor-
ner Gough and Grove sts.
FIRST-CLASS cabinetmaker and a wood car-
ver: union men. FINCK. & SCHIXDLER, 1309
Market st.
WANTED— An experienced tinner. WIESTUR
& CO., 22 Second St.
GENERAL blacksmith and wagon maker. 1634
Mission st.
WANTED— Young man who can cook short
orders, JO week. Restaurant, 206 McAllister.
BRIGHT boy wanted. Apply to WM. ELLIS.
226 Fremont at.
WANTED— A young man about 18 with experi-
ence In a clothing store. Box 2671, Call.
MINER wanted to run tunnel; cash or bond
Interest; easy cuttlns- Box 8S6, Call.
GOOD dlshwarher wanted at 1507 Market at,
near Eleventh; good place.
•WANTED— A waiter at 204 Sixth st.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 1418 Howard st.
WANTED — Boy to help In kitchen; wages $3 a
week; call early. Fashion Restaurant, 123
OTarrell it.
WHITEWASHERS — Bnishmen to solicit and
work on shares. W. WA1SWRIGHT, 14Oi
Jackson St.
WANTED— Man of good character: deliver and
collect for old established mnfp. house; }300 a
?ear and expenses gntd. Address Manufac-
urer, 2d floor. 330 Dearborn st.. Chicago.
YOUNO man aa partner In a fruit store. Apply
between 12 and 1. 114 Langton st.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade- 8 weeks
required: commission while learning; trans-
portation paid; no souvenirs orchromos given*
our Inducement is UP-TO-DATE instructions
by first-class Instructors. GORDON'S BER-
BER COLLEGE. 417 N. Main St.. Loa Angeles.
WANTED-SteaUjr man as baker's helper 130
and board; no room. Ill Larkln st.
BOY wanted In a carpet and upholstering
house; some experience required. 473 Hatght-
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap; rood lo-
cation; sell to go East. Inquire at 403 Pacific.
HIGK-CLASS salesmen wanted everywhere to
jell latest Improved high-class dry chemical
flre extinguisher; will pay you handsomely
for your service. THE FYRICIDE CO. 44
Murray at., N. T.
W M N 7 EI^" Re<:ru T t , ts t0T th « United State.
Marine Corp.. U. B. navy: able-bodied un-
Tle f-S?* n ' J . ot .J KOoa character, between the
ages or "21 and 85 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 8 feet 1 inch in height:
must be citizens of the United States or ber-
eons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read write
8 ??* 11 En *" sh Properly. For further In-
n«K U « 5RF Iy . at e tn *^ rlntt Recruiting
yjte*. « Ellis at.. Ban Francisco. Ca!.. or
SSO K st. Sacramento. CaL •
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special inducements this season! only
institution in the world teaching this T trade-
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mallei
free. MOLER'B BARBER COUJK3E.W
WANTED-Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. R#no House proprietor «?m
runs Denver House. 217 Thir<f «.V 150 'li^ge
rooms; 85o per night; it to ta per week!^
W .^ TTED^"? ngl I? e ? r V* nn fmaU « n^n« and
»pice mill In wholesale house: give references
experience and wages expected. Box 854. Call!
G ??P an-aurcmnd bookbinder, forwarder, ruler
nfa^ fl T e w., g £x arvasg^ rtsht
SALESMEN — Automatic copying book; Just
out; sells Itself; needed by every business
man; a bonanza for agents; exclusive terri-
tory. Pershing Mfg. Co., South Bend. Ind.
GOVERNMENT positions — Where they are.
how obtained, salaries paid; particulars free.
Write for circular 115, National Correspond-
ence Institute, Washington, D. C.
WE want experienced salesmen & solicitors In
all parts of the country to represent our
house; permanent & profitable employment
the year round; full particulars sent on re-
quest. McGRAW-MARDEN CO.. New York.
WANTED— By an established, well-rated firm,
scheme or specialty men to sell an exceed-
ingly attractive and salable line; special terms
and unique inducements; high-priced men In-
vestigate. Box 234, Detroit. Mich.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
civil service or census examination without
seeing our catalogue of information; sent
free. COLUMBIAN CORRESPONDENCB
COLLEGE. Washington. D. C.
PATTERNS'. PATTERNS! PATTERNS!
Make your own dresses in our dressmaklnjr
dept and save expense of patterns and dress-
maker- see our premium to those entering be-
fore July 1; leading system; easy payments;
patterns cut, 25c up. McDOWELL. 103 Post
ENGINEERS, firemen, machinists and electri-
cians— Send lOo for new 40-page pamphlet,
containing list of questions asked by Exam-
ining Board of Engineers. GEO. A. ZEL-
LER. Bookseller, St. Louis, _a
BARBERS* Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie lai
GIRL to learn hairdresslng, manicure, facial
and Bcalp treatment La Veiite Parlors, 1140
Market st.
FINISHERS on custom coats; good wages; also
apprentice girl. 304 Tehama st.
IRONERS wanted. Empire Laundry, 755 Bry-
ant St.
HELI* WA5TED-MAI.B.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hal*
price. 5(_ Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d su.
WANTED — Boy to run Gordon press: give aza
and references. Box €^4. Can office.
BARBER shop with baths, goid location city"
for sate; price $250. Box 614. Call.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen ard gr«en hanis-
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart."
MAN\or boy to do janitor wort for tuition at
San Francisco Barber School. ;g\ Howard it.
WANTED— 3 and 4 horse tea-nsters: apply
early Monday at 827 14th St.. lear Guerrero.
San Francisco Construction Company.
GET your shoes half-so;ed while -"raiting. 25c to
SOc. S62 Mission st.. bet. lat and C.I sts.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. U5 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 14
— ' years' practice: Examiner bliie.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading rinm: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, comer Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 13c to 25c per night: 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsemer.ts and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call hranrh office. 22nn FiUmor* st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc for Sale
HANDSOME bay horse, buggy and harness:
the whole outflt in good order. 907 Golden
Gate ave.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggle*
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
J27 Sixth St.; auction eal^s every Wednesday."
SULLIVAN & DOYLK. Auctioneers. "*" ra "'* 3> -
LOT of cheap horses for campers. peddl»rs or
business at CANTY' S. 2170 Martlet st; Castro-
st cars pass the door.
HORSES — Young, well broken, for all purpose.
cheap; best :n city. 721 Howard st.. nr. Th'rd.
FOR rale — 2 extra fin* carria:j» Kami DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dent!«r. «05 Ootrten Oat» »v#.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. U1IB—EN & CO.. 1+ Montgomery.
GOLDEN GATE. 70S— Elegant house of 10 rooms
and bath; sunny; modern. Apply G. I£.
CMBSF.N & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
PERKS'. 212, near Fourth— House of 3 rooms;
rent $7; water free. Apply to G. H. UMU-
SEN & CO.. U Montgomery St.
HOUSE: 623 Locust ave.. between Golden Gata
and McAllister, off Lagruna; 4 rooms and base-
ment; rent $12.
SYCAMORE, £0. between Seventeenth anl
Eighteenth; house 3 rooms, yard and cellar:
rent' IS 5*
TO let— Fine house of 9 rooms and bath: laun-
dry and yard. 787 Pine St.. near Powell; rent
$50; references wanted.
TURK. 1523, near Steiner— Lot 45x137:8; house
and stable for 4 horses. Inquire 8 Dale Place,
oft Golden Gate ave.. near Hyde.
HOUSES TO LET bTUMSHEU.
SACRAMENTO. 2679— Nicely furnished modern
house of 7 rooms. W. B. HUFF* & CO.
LOST A>D frOl.iO.
LOST— Pocket book, on Oak st., betwean Pierce
and Flllmore, or on the Flllmore-st^car down
to Howard. Finder please return to A. S.,
142 Fourteenth st.. and receive reward.
LOST— On Los Gatos train, from St. Peter's
picnic, lady's handkerchief with key attached.
Address box 876, Call office, describing key.
LOST— Parrot. Return to 234 Natoma st.: lib-
eral reward paid.
LOST— Sable boa. Suitable reward by address-
ing box 67L Call office.
FOUND — A purse containing iom» coin. Call
Pioneer Dairy. 1110 Fell st.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. After all others fall
call on him. 1023^ Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, only reliable ladies' speclal-
lst of long and successful practice. Guaran-
teed treatment at office, $5; home in confine-
ment; best care; consultation free and con-
1 fidentlal. 445 Eddy st. bet. Leavenworth and
Hyde; hours 9 to i and 7 to 8; Sundays 10 to 4.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles* specialist.
has returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1W7S Market St.. near 6th.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice: home in confinement; treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; consultation free; con*
fidentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. GUYER. 446 Eddy St. well known
and reliable; ladles' specialist: consult free;
home in confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1C33 Market— Ladies' spe-
cialist; home In confinement: safe and reli-
able; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR.. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market; ladies'
physician: chronic diseases treated; late sci-
entific methods; treatment. $5.
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China; dla-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and tea*; sanl-
tarlnm, 704 Sacramento. cor. Kearny ;advice free.
T S— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists,
1118 Market st; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
NICE reliable home for confinement: r*ason-
able. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR W.ONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
ea«i»g of the human body. 115 Mason st.
3HSCELLAM-:OL'S KOIl SALE!.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mr.
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixture*; new and second nand: we always
bare a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
t> complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. abov*
Blxtb: write for cataloeue.
BEAUTIFUL lady's lS-karat fine gold watch,
having the name of "Tiffany, New York," on
case and works, for only $30: the original cost
of this watch was $73f it Is almost brand new.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
EXCELLENT building at 2110 Pacific ave. to
b? removed. Inquire E. K. PEARSON. House
Mover. 1231 Folaom St.. teL Jessie 1333.
HOUSE painter's complete outflt. See Painter,
340 Third st, room 9.
TRICYCLE for invalid lady or gent for sale.
1343 Howard st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe. Bhafttng, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. tig Spear st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. »1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
SHARP watch dog; 10 months old; NewTound-
land. 1743 Noe st.. bet. 30th and 31st
•HP. gasoline marine engine crvmDlete: almost
new; cheap. H. S. "WHITE. K6-513-J20 Mission.
LADY'S hat trunk for traveling, $12 50. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
EDISON concert phonosrraph — Reduced price
175; concert records. $150. Badgalupl. 333 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes: Id-hand. J. Burke. 139 B?ale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and bure-
lar prooT safe: cheap. 43 Main gt-
A FINE suit, $10; dress pants. $3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for 12 50
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; niovtns
pictures. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Post st.
A NEW Standard Typewriter: latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California,
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar proof safe. 818 California st.
SAFES — New *nd second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
BATES— New and second-hand; all sties. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 10a-lll Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher- 1
air corerregyor: 5 locomotives. KK) Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTSL
WANTED— To purchase a larire fire proof »»*•».
BOARDMAN, HOOPER & CO.. 133 Montgom-
ery st. , • «; >
WANTED— The address of a dealer Jn brass
molding sand. Address Seattle Brass Co .
Seattle, Wash.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WUrTEHBAU 710 \farlt*t srt.
MOXET To L.OAX. \ ~~~
A^»°mInTTrT^
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought- no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 1
ANT proposition, any amount: « per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates tn probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages ; life Insurance. Rcom IS. first
floor. Chronicle big.. HALLQRAN & OLSEN.
H i 1 < °J ILT "¦P'ctab'e private place, to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. MA Market
it; t«L Vain l«4s» Branch X9 TJUrd st.
GOOD position for an ambitious woman ae
representative for wholesale house. Box 685,
Call office.
WANTED — A lady dependent upon her own ex-
ertions for a livelihood to travel. Y. Z., box
700, Call office.
GERMAN or Swedish girl wanted for general
housework (two people); good home. Call at
117 Capp Et.
WANTED— Protestant girl; general housework
or to assist 1307 Vermont St., near Twentv-
fourth, upstairs.
young man, run rip saw $7 50 week
manglers for laundry
man and wife, both for dining-room, fare 30c,
$40 and found
cook and wife, or two men, for Lumber Co..
see bos3 here; 9 coopers, slack work; 3 pan-
try men; 3 men for private families; 13 laun-
dry men and boy to learn same trade
chef cook for mine $50 to $60 and found
carriage wool worker $2 50 day
3 brick molders sheep herders
FACTORIES IN. SAN* FRANCISCO
12 laborers, different city factories, $1 75 day,
exceptional good Jobs, men board home; farm-
er and wife. Sonoma Co., $40 and fc^ind. see
boss here. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay Bt.
TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAPH ORDERS..
3 rough carpenters $2 50 day
all around butcher $33 to $40 and found
ASSISTANT bookkeeper, stenographer and
typewriter, large company, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' under-
skirts to work In factory: steady work; good
pay. A, AARON. 679 Mission St.
WANTED — Dressmaker help; also neat ap-
prentice. 1207% Bush Bt
PROTESTANT girl to care for children and do
5 light housework; low wages and a good home.
Box 6S3. Call office.
WANTED— Young girl to take care of baby
during day; apply Monday morning, 10 to 12.
800 Baker st
WANTED— Capable young girl as nurse; refer-
ences required; wages $20. Address box 631.
Call office.
$00 to $60 and found
camp waiters $25 and $20
second baker $40 and found
18 cooks. $35. $40, $45 and $60 and found;
butchers. $35 and $30; cooks for ranches and
hay press, $30 and found; first and second
bakera, $50 and $35, fare paid; bakers and
helpers, $30 and $40 and found; boy for bak-
ery. $20 and found: cook and wife. $50 and
found; waiters, bakery, cafe, hotels and re-
sorts, $30, $33 and $40 and found... 1
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— LAUNDRY.... CANDYMAKERS ....COOK3
Candymaker, country |49
Chef cook, mine boarding houee
GERMAN girl for downstairs work and assist
in cooking. 1018 Sutter st
A BRIGHT, nice-looking girl, or young lady
who desires a good home with a young couple,
may address DR. It., Call office, San Jose.Cal.
GIRL general housework, cooking, washing;
small family; wages $20. 616 Halght st
WANTED— Middle-aged, unincumbered Ameri-
can woman for Bmall chicken ranch; good,
plain home; moderate pay. Box 673. Call.
WANTED— A rapid, plain, writer, accurate in
figures, a good stenographer and typewriter,
with good references; state age, name, ad-
dress, experience and whether married or sin-
gle. Jobbing Merchant, box 650, Call office.
GOOD reliable male and female help, with ref-
erences, furnished by MISS J. F. KELLY.
Employment Office, 413 Powell st., nr. Sutter.
SAJT FRASCI9CO CALL.
ETFTXTSS OFFICE cf The Ban PTaacisw
Call, corner cf Slarket and Third streets, opet
_=t!l IT o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH ¦OFFICES— OTT Montgomery street
¦corner Clay; open ustll 9:30 p. m.
TOO Hayes street; open until !:!J p. m,
CSS McAllister street; open until 9—9 p. sv
fZE X/&rkin street; open until 9:30 p. ro.
:f-ri Missies street; open until 10 p. m.
CCI _ti«£lc_ street, corcer Sixteenth; open oa-
t:s j. a •
JOt Eleventh tli eft; open nxrtn 9 p. m. .
JCS6 Valencia etreet; open until » p. a,
Nort-west corner Twecty-seoo-A and Ken-
tncky rtreets: open antll 9 p. rn.
CHlllCU SERVICES.
GRACE Methodist Episcopal, corner Twenty-
flrct _nd CaDp sts.; Kev. J. N. Beard. D.I 1 .,
pastor — At II a. zn., an address by Hon. T.
B. JJjtc!: :£¦"-_ of Nat-a on the work of the
recent general conference at Chicago; at 7:41
p. m., sermon by the pastor; subject. "Th«
Greatest Orator In the World." Everybody
isvitcd to t— ese Bervlces.
CAX.VAKY Presbyterian Church, corner ot
Q*ary and Powell sts.— Rev. John Hemphill,
D.D., pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p.
m. Rev. Alexander Henry, D.D.. of Phila-
delphia, a member of the San Jose S. 8. con-
vention, will preach in the morning. A grand
Sabbath school rally at 2 p. m.. Mr. Marlon
Lawrence, prlnc'.paJ speaker. Professor E» O.
Excell will l«»ad the Elr.giBff. Dr. Hemphill
will preaca In the evening^
6T. PAUL'S Church, California st, near Fill-
more.— Rev. %V. M. I>l!!y. rector: Rev. A. C
Wllcon, assleta— 1_ Holy communion. 7:S0 a.
«.; 6und_y-fc_ool, *:S0 a. m. ; morning pray-
er and eermoa. 11 o' clock; ever.lng monthly
choral service by St Paul'* Vested Quartet
and Chorus Cboir.
TRIN1TT Cfcurch. Bush _nd Gough rUu — R«v.
Frederick "W. Clampett D.l>., rector. Morn-
Ing service, 11 o'clock; evening prayer, i
o'clock. The rector will preach.
FIRST Cor^rrega.tion_l Church, corner Port and
Mason stK. — (Services 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Rev. George C. AflatM. D. D., pastor, will
rreads. Topics: Morning, "Free, When Led
by the Spirit." Evening. "Our Citizenship In
Heaven.' All —re welcome.
FIRST Church of Chxirt, Scientist, Central
block. 223 Butter «t, bet. Kearny and Grant
«ve.— Christian Science Bible leeaon at 11 l
in.; subject, "Chrlstl—a Science." Sunday
school for children at the tame hour. Wednes-
day evening meeting at 8 o'clock. Free read-
Ing room, 206 Kearay «t, rood £10. All wel-
come.
CIIX*P-CH cf Jesua Christ cf L_tter-Day Sair.U
— Eerrlees U ¦. in. &Dd 7:45 p. m,. at Pythian
EaJl. »?8 Market et, Sunday. June 24. Elder
Or»n Hutchlnion will address the evening
oor^— fpatlon on "Topics of MonnonUm." Ail
sre welcome.
ASSOCIATION H— )L Mason and Kills its. —
tJervlee for young men this afternoon at S
o'clock. Address by Rev. L. C. Sanford, rec-
tor cf Bt John's: eubject, "Personal Resj-on-
elbillty." All young men Invited.
(TEE First tKvtne Scier.ee Church— M. E. Cra-
mer, p_6tor. Discourse at 11 a. in.; subject
"Signs cf the Times." Services every Sun-
day at Home College, 3SS0 6eveat«ent_ st, be-
tween Valencia «_¦ * Mission.
yiRST Mental Science Temple meets to-day in
Golden G— te Hall. 11 a. in. Lecture by Mrs.
Clara Foltx. llueical exercise under the di-
rection cf Mrs. Fa__le D— m-Hllton. Public
inTifd.
THE Theoecr-leal Society — Public leottres
everr Sunday evening at 8 o'clock la Odd Fel-
lows' building. Market and Seventh sts. To-
nlgrht "The Path to Dieclpleship." by Mrs.
Alice M. Best. Golden chain at 11 a. tn.
MEETINGS SUSP AY.
_>H. KEIUJAX'B lecture this evening at 1
0 clock at Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle, 901
Market st: subject "One of the Problems o:
Life, or the Art of Personal Magnetism;"
Jollo— -ed by mapnifloent views of an even-
l:ig at the P_rts Exposition. Those attendlni
may pnx-ore free tickets to the X-Ra y exhlbl-
tior: at the sanitarium, corner of Market an<!
; : » >:. st«.. nert Tuesday e**_ing. Beau
free; no ocUectJon.
J. BEAUTIFULLY mcrtrated lecture or
"PFvcblc Healing a_d Medicine Curing, in
Chronic Dlse_see and Weaknesses," by Dr.
Dhulmahdjl. the world-famous Oriental
psychic demonstrator, at Oriental Syndicate
Lecture Parlors. lOlVi Grant ave.. cor. Gearj
St., to-night at 8; ladles and gents; stats free.
im. RIN-nS rtlll at MM Market: Mrs. Vigwirs,
»<?«¦]<¦;•. Harrison, Mr. Hanson, Kotter; I. Ft.
T. Bible, S. S. C. 1L free; 2-8, 10c; aid. 5 p.m.
_TItS. GILLINGIIAM read* eesJed questions
this «>ve. S o'clock. 905 Market; sails for Rus-
sia arid Hurope: assisted by others; 10c.
KATIT KEV.°?MA.VX, removed to 1105 Howard
ex.: slx'Ar.g* this w««>k Mon.. Tuee., Wed. and
TSn-jrs.; hours 10 to 2.
ATTEND Mme. -—revise's tert circle to-night
t; o Hyde Bt. r.eax McAllister; 10c; messages
tirmi spirit friends.
TEST meeting; 117 — — rida st: ¦ p. m.; promi-
nent mediums; written Question* answered;
articles read.
_.ADIHS' AJd Social. Friday. 29th, Occidental
Hail. 3CS L—rfcin b_ —L NXrVTLL. Secretary.
_IRS. HAP-LANCS circles to-night Tues.. Fri.;
tests; sealed letters read; 10a. 1*6 Sixth st
_TRS. HART EVANS— Circle to-day. 2 and 8
p. rr.., tSei read, dally; also Mon eve. 142 6th.
JIME. TOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
r.igfct 6C5 UcAlllrtCT et, 10c; come, skeptics.
>TIXN*D 1TRS. EBEHHARDT8 rrand test
meeting to-oi__t £250 £2d St., cor. BarUett.
aiRS. VIGAP-T epirltual test meeting to-night,
l£c; test* to all. 144 Sixth rt. room 7.
EARLET 3 farewell sea— tc* to-cl«_t. 330 Ellis
rtre*t
SlKCTIXGa^ Universal Brotherhood.
TTNIVERSAL Brotherhood, Theosophlcal So-
ciety in America— MeeU_#; this evening at
1 o'clock, Z1S Market et. Subject, "Gods and
Devils," by Dr. A_en Griffiths. I. B. L.
Tuesday evening- eubject. "'Vengeance Is
tT'.ne." by A- P. R'>trirgcn and Alfred Splnks.
ttECTING XOTICES.
OOLDXC7 GATE Lodge No. K>4. L jf*sT%?*%±
O. O. F. — OfScf-r? i'.zA members: m^S/r^jXA
You LTt- hereby notified to a.«s p m-
ble at our lodgerooras on SUN- «W»»^
DAY at 1:30 p. m. for the purpose of attend-
ing: the l_nei_I of our late brother. E. C.
HISGEN, C. n. MACLACHLAN. R. S.
_XTA Lodge No. SOS. I. O. O. F.
— Budneee of lmportar.ee; full at-^_?~*»^^-
tv>_d— nca desired MONDAY. June -SSg^BSjgJr
tz. t p. m. _^ PATTERSON. . N. G.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O,
< >. V.. vriVi inlUa-te MOXDAT. §^»^
;-^e 25, IS"?. ""SsP 2 ?^?
N. M. PrTERSJr*. N. O. -37/rt^
W-L E. WEICHHAJtT. R. 6.
POUBTB OF JULY. Shell Mound v «?.>.
P_rk — Or* a t ratherlnr and rarnes of 3S &AV/J
th* Ear. Frt—ic-.p.-o S-^eoUleh Thietle ~\KZ^£^
Club; great programme of sports;
ctlebratloa flay and night; particulars later.
JOHN ROSS. Royal Chief.
GEORGE TT. PATERSON. Recorder.
AGESTS WAJTTEIX
SELLING agent wanted— Party to take produc-
tion ot rcatrnet wire factory as selling agent
on PadOo Coast _od old Mexico; only those
' trho can handle large business will be con-
e'.fiered. Address P. O. box 1177, Providence,
Bho6e Krj: 4.
GEXCIUL acrents In every locality In United
States to represent large concern tt appoint
agents; strictly salary bads of $£> per mo. &
til travellror expenses paid. Afidrest Dept. 3C«,
No. _C& P_r_ a\-e.. New York City.
{: '; CAN txr made durinr next 6 month* by
buttling if r.ts handling our white and fancy
rubber collars, cuffs, bosoms, neckties; patent-
ed, guaranteed poods; lr.close rtarop for spe-
cial r'.sri. II. & J.:. Mfg. Co.. Eprinrneld. Mass.
MONITT in outdoor employment; students and
trachem ej>nd your vacation profitably and
fenteelly. Itootn 12, Flood building.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICT. free; diTorce Uw a special ty; private;
no fee without ruccess; collection!. G W.
KOWE. atty. at law. i'J> Market.ccr.Stoeicton.
H. W. KING. *TI ilark'-t «t.. room 627; _U
ca, res: no advance charges; call or write.
?DVICH Tree; no charge unleti euece«ful. W.
W. DAVIDSON'. 927 Market «t. opp. Mason.
X*. S. CLARK. Emma. Sprcckelc bid*:., 927 Mar-
ket Et. ; rrinrcltatlcn free; no fees In advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
A CTOMOBILES- FTt ET> WARD & box.
Ar^-ts, 46 Fremont it
PATH CABINETS.
JtOXJINSON tS. 4-p_n*I folding; door opens; flrm
and M. Te. V.'. 8. BROWN, gen, agt, 426 Ellis.
niCVCLES— Por Sale or nieUnnjrc.
GOOD «»«'Cond-bRod bicycles, all klnda and
Flz-s, Rt ALLHN'S, 1S70 Page st
COARDIXOr FOR CHILDREX.
EXPEHIEXCnU lady would board child rea-
eonable (2 to 10 years old); mother's care.
3112 Powell rt
WIDOW wants child over 2 year* to board 3S8
rc'l «t.
BOOKS — SEW AXD OLD.
ecilOOL UOCKfl twusrht »nd exchanged.
Hnlmtz S9O_..Ca_. «M .Mission tt.. near Third.
BGLCIAX 1IAHES.
MARKET-ST. RABBITRY, ,
I2a Market St.. W. C. BE.NTHAM. Prop.
Matured does from $3 up
Bred does from t% up
Trloe does from .....$W up
Fttshoda and Brituda'a youngsters from
$2 to up.
Medicines. • Literature and Supplies.
TERMINAL Rabbltry, end narrow-gauge road.
Htgh-et. «U.. W. D. DILLA. Prop.. Alamedar-
8ee the most racy buck la Central California,
• Viscount Lrtiruan. fee S10; Tukon Prince, score
ISH, IT 50. Prices to s-?ll and to suit all purses.
Young stock, 6 weeks to 2 months, $1 50 up;
bred does, well marked. $5; bred does, better
marked, 17 60; bred dors, still better marked.
110 to {20; trios. 2 does and buck. J2J to $100.
Open evenlncs; visitors welcome.
THE BELGIAN HARE CHAMPION MAGA-
"S.ISE. an S0-pa,?-e magazine published In the
Interest of the Belgian hare; June number
will be ready June 25; subscription rates $1
per year. Address the Belgian Hare Cham-
plon, 2S2-253 Wilson block. Los Angelea, Ca.1.
BELGIAN haree— Fancy stock on sale; bred
and unbred does from 110 to tlW; young pedi-
greed stock' on sale at reasonable prices; cor-
respondence solicited. Pajaro Valley Rab-
bltry. P. O. drawer D, WatsonvHIe. Cal.
WO HEAD finest pedigreed Belgian hares in
State; acclimated to Central California; does
bred to bucks scoring 05; start right: booklet
and descrlDtlve list free. BRITAIN RAB-
BITRY. WatsonvlUe. Cal. _
BELGIAN HARES!!! ~~"
All the popular strains at greatly reduced
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE
ASSOCIATION, Alameda, Cal.
ELEGANT line of Imported does Just received;
from $10 up: pedigree guaranteed; Tukon and
other strains. 299 Hyde st., corner Eddy.
FOR f«1c — At earriflee. 1 doe (bred). 1 buck, 6
youngsters S months old; pedigreed. 824 .Po- ;
trero eve., near Twenty-first st.
FOR *ale— Very fine stock of high-score, pedi-
greed Belpian hares, all scored by Mrs. BUsh.
1CC3U Sutt«r St.. San Francisco.
TREMONT Belgian Hare Co.. 2134 Flllmore sL.
6an Francisco, Cal.— Send «o In stamps for
book cm care and feeding.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE C, 608 Gold-
en Gats ave.. S. F. ; 600 rabbits for sale cheap.
HIGH scoring, pedigreed stock. rea«onabla.-
Royal Rabbltry. 814 Golden Gate are.. S. F.
HARE Sanitarium— Treatment of sick hares;
positive snuffle cure. DR. JACOBS. 1616 Turk.
CHEAPEST and be*t in America— The Weekly
Call, IS pages eent to any address in the
United States er Canada one year for $U
postage paid.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
1125—PARTNER wanted; light indoor business;
will pay over $o0 per month to each yearly.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777'* Market st
and oyster house; great sacrifice on
account cf sickness. MCLAUGHLIN & CO..
777H Market et
$7tO—SALOON; north ot Market st; half price;
other business cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN
_ CO.. 777S Market st
$i0O0—PARTNER wanted; hay and grain busi-
ness, real estate Included; part cash if de-
Hred. MCLAUGHLIN _ CO.. 777^ Market st
$1500—MILK route, near the city; established
business; sickness cause of sale. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777H Market st
$1500—PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
of staple goods: will be required to take the
California agency for fame. See McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777H Market st.
A—Kr*do & Dutton, Formerly Kredo & Co.
36 Geary street; phone Black 5052.
A Real Real Estate Bargain Across the Bay.
$2600 —Carriage and wagon factory: larg» lot
tools. Implements, wood and paint ehop; rents
for $20. KREDO & DUTTON, 3<5 Geary st
$300—PARTNER: cosmetic parlors: lady or gent:
$300 per mo. KREDO & DUTTON, 36 Geary-
$2T.O— HAIRDRESSING parlor*; 4 elegantly fur-
nished rooms. KREDO & DUTTON 26 G«ary.
WELL-STOCKED grocery, fancy goods, candy,
cigars; established for years; sickness cause
of sale. LANE & CO., 865 Market st.
CANDY and Ice cream parlor, clearing $60 a
month. LANE & CO., b6S Market st.
NOTIONS, schorl supplies, candy, cigars; liv-
ing rooms; cheap rent. LANE & CO., 865 MM.
JCOC'—RESTAtTRANT; choice location; good bus-
iness; furniture the best. LANE & CO., SS5
Market Et.
A—GROCEP.Y and bar; fine location: living
rooms; a Bnap. COWING & CO., 719 Market.
A—SALOON; water front; great money maker;
come quick. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
A —ROOMING house, centrally located; north
Market; great sacrifice. COWING. 719 Market.
A—FRUIT store; corner; 4 living rooms; cheap
rent; bargain. COWING _ CO.. 71fl Market.
5450 — GROCERY and notion store: bargain;
Oakland. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$1600—Best comer saloon In Oakland. ALDEN
CO.. 1118 Broadway.
J1S0O—Old-established and best paying restau-
rant in Oakland. Alden Co., 1118 Broadway.
$S50— Broadway lodging house; Oakland: guar-
anteed to pay. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market, rm 1, nr. Call bldg.
Bookstore; Income $250; rent $13 $410
Variety store-: clears $80; man cr woman..$625
Clirar store and laundry office; rent $16..$125
Stationery, candles, etc., near city; good.$550
Not|ons and stationery; nice for lady.. ..$350
Ealobn; clears $15 a day; central; snap..$S00
Delicacy store; central; good business $2oO
Dairy kitchen; dally sales $15 $200
llfNDREDS have become wealthy here In the
last few months from email Investments In
the oil business and thousands will make for-
tunes In the next few months by such Invest-
ments. 8?«nd for particulars, ¦which will show
you how $50 invested now will be worth $200
or more within six months; best references.
F. J. SIBLEY. Henne building, Los Angeles.
MODERN butcher shop; centra.! part of Oak-
land, near Broadway, doing: cash business of
tW'O per weelv; rent ?50: owner must sell on
account of sickness. RALEIGH & CO., 464
Ninth Et.. Oakland.
WISHING to retire I will sell by blacksmith
chop and tools at Blacks Station. Tolo Coun-
ty: it is a good paying business and good lo-
cation. Inquire at Blacks Station. WIL-
LIAM SANDROCK, proprietor.
$000—CANDY factory and Icecream parlors;
elegant fixtures; full stock; will teach buyer
trade; monthly receipts $350 to $400; fullest
Investigation; sickness cause of sale. Box
eel Call office.
XICE family liquor store, with bar, at invoice
value; must be sold at once. Apply 112 Taylor
st Saloon, doing good business. In wholesale
district; price reasonable. Apply £01 Market
$3000 WILL buy a first-class steam laundry
doing a tine business; trial given to any party
wishes to buy. Address G. ST. CLA1R, Santa
Roea, Cal. '
WANTED —Lady to Join company now touring
U. S.; Investment $200; business legitimate;
big returns; no trifiers. Box CS7. Call office.
WANTED—A partner In a manufacturing busi-
ness with $500: sell to the trade: no agents:
no humbug. Box 27S0. Call. Oakland.
ON account of retiring from business a saloon
on one of the principal 6treets 1ft this city.
Inquire box 674. Call office.
$275 —FOR sale: a bargain: bakery, confec-
tionery and notions. Apply 225 Ninth st.
GOOD corner grocery and bar: 4 living rooms.;
must be cold this week. 32SH Twelfth st
$G0 BUYS half-Interest in rood paying saloon;
call and investigate. 830 Howard st.
$K00-FINE corner; paying; resort boteL E. E.
BUNCE, 808 Broadway. Oakland.
CAJfDY irtore for Bale; rood stock and fixtures;
low rent. 13$ Hayes st.
TO rent—For coal yard, milk depot etc.; fine
location; place is entirely covered; contains S
stalls: rent only $15; water free. Inquire WM.
HENPRICKSON & CO.. «14 Call bldg.
$300—SALOON and lunchhouse; centrally locat-
ed; must be sold at once on account of Etck-
oees; rooms upstairs. Apply 79 Third st
WANTED—From $3000 to $5000 to be Invested
In a proposition which will pay largely on the
money put Into It Address box 26C6, Call.
SALOON for sale cheap. 672 Fourth street.
GOOD grocery and bar; desirable location; no
agents; dekness cause. Address box 645, Call.
FOR SALE —Good paying route on this paper.
Apt>!>* at office.
DON'T miss the tripods and lamps at the
BACKUS BTUDIO. 11 Geary; other bargains.
FOR sale—A strictly good business; restaurant;
100 chairs and feeding: ICO people; bakery us-
ing 2 barrels flour dally; horse and wagon;
lodging-house, 34 rooms, newly furnished;
finert opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery ar.d Restaurant liakers-
fleM. Cal. ¦ ..,-
WELL-ESTABLISHED Republican weekly
paper, with email Job plant; good outfit;
cheap. Address box 611, Call ofSce.
COFFEE and t«a routes Fupolled from OEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
FOR sale or exchance for jewelry, stock of
fancy goods. Box 151. OUroy. CaL
NURSERY for sale; Jobs and tools. Including
florl»t. m« Central ave. "111^
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
nupscrlptloss has been established at 10M Va-
lencia tt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
Caited States or Canada on* year for $_
LOOGIHG-HOCSES FOR SALE.
M. GRIFFIN, 71P Market at, room 1, nr Call
building; call for long lJat; teL Black 1803.
24 rooms; cor. ; good fur.; nice transient.. $1500
28 rooms; Income J260; bon ton; perm 1400
19 rooms; full; men; N. Mkt.; oak; snap;
rent, $35 630
IS r., $475, $809, $850, $1075, $1100, $1100, $1400,
$2500: 14-r. houses, 9 of them $525; worth $700 up
10 rooms: N. Market; full; rent $45 $250
34 rooms; good; offer wanted: chance for bgn.
FURNISHED house of eleven rooms, good as
new: cheap; party going away before July
1: nine rooms rented to permanent roomers;
rent reasonable; rood bargain. 411A Turk at.
ELEGANT house of 16 furnished room's for
sale. 1021 Van Ness ave.. cor. Geary st
CAPE KOME.
Al STEAMER, Cape Nome, York and Golovln
Bay. sailing June 25; fare $60 up. C. F.
MOORE. 9S5 Market St., room 6.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, names*.
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SOK. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at 532 Mission st.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, cart* & har-
ness. work & driving homes. 15th A Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
"WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
e«nd to SPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 363-357 Tohama st; tel. 8. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
342-344 McAllister st; phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th St. ; tel. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Clearing Co..
453 Stevenson st. tel. South 223: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4o.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth et.: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Out** ave.: telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
GO to Watson, spiritual medium and palmist:
"lucky and truest" readings. 25o up. 1518
Market et.. near Twelfth.
TESTS, communications to-night: 10c; sittings
dally. ARNOLD EUCKSON, 148 Sixth, r. 12.
MRS. DUNHAM, medium; readings dally; ctr.
Tues., Fri.. 2, 8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
MRS. KOTTER, spiritual medium: sittings; G. |
$1, L. 50c; clr. Mo.. Wed.. Fri., 10c. 34 Sixth, j
AT Friendship Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. Mey-
er: convincing test to-night 10c; sittings dally.
WYLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis St., 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Sundays included.
EDWARD EARLE. 330 Ellis— Sittings dally this
week only; seance Sunday, 24th.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting. $1. 1104 Market.
~~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 205 Turk st.
may be consulted on all affairs of life; she
will chow you bow to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles; restore lost affec-
tions; unite the separated; satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk
St.. near Jones.
MME.LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
eecret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 2Sc and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market st. bet 7th and 8th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader born with double veil & second sight;
diaRnonesdlseapes with life reading; ladles SOc,
gents $1 ; palm. & clalr. ; sit $1 50. 126 Turk St.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant card reader;
sittings dally. 212»4 Sixth st.
MME. 55EREDA of 5 Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader; readings, 256; no sign.
CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant; fee 25o and
SOc. 3494 Minna Bt.. near Fifth.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; best advice. 823
Mission st. near 4th, rm. 3; 25c up; ring bell.
MiTE. August, clairvoyant card reader; palmis-
try: truth or no pay; 25c & 60c 1149 Misvlon.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st
MME. SYBILLE^ — Cradle to grave; future hus-
hHnrt'p pirture; 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lfgg puccmEful. Room 310. 927 Market ft.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE; 4 rooms; all modern Improvements;
rent $13. 212 Clipper st.
COTTAGE. 3 rooms, bath. 2S35 Twenty-flfth
¦t.; rent $3.
TO RENT— 4- room cottage and bath; large
vard with chicken yards and houses, $13. 824
Potreio ave.. near Twenty-first st.
$20 — COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
large basement. Key at 711 Treat ave.
$6— COTTAGE 6 rooms. Holly Park. 23 Roscoe
or apply C4 Silver, off Third: water free.
JS MONTH — 4 rooms, sunny and clean; near
cars. 172 Blake st, near Geary.
3 SUNNY rooms, nice garden, cheap to small
fttmlly. 1270 Folaom Bt.. near Ninth.
FURNISHED COTTAGE.
STANYAJC. 1407— Furnished cottage, 6 Tooms
and bath: very nunny; $20.. Call Sunday.
DENTISTS. ~
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket et, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. rn. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 3
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charre for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8' per net; extracting, 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bueh —
Full pet of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK.* 20 O'Farrell st, on
vacation from June 13 until July
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
day*. 1001 Market st, corner fclxth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY*S C. P. dog soap creates a
smooth, silky coat: for sale by all drucKlsta
or at the hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 76o; city visits $1 50; all
animal* treated: dogg boarded. TpI. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post
MRS. M. PHILLIPS has moved from 1308 Fol-
eom st. to 242 Twelfth.
MME. REMBERT, 630 Sutter st, dressmaking ?
school; any pattern cut to measure.
_ F. Dreesmaklnjr, Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, S87 Geary st; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
HIGHLY educated gentleman will Rive lessons
in German. French and English In exchange
for board and room; references. Box 677,
Call office.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year jrot positions. BAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market «t
AYRES", the leading business college, 723. Mar-
ket st; life scholarship, SSO; Includes short-
hand, typing. bookkeeping, pen art: day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln it:
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date: all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve,; est. 1864.
VAN DKR NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
tIEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
S. F. ; founded 1863; SO-page catalogue free.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and gentlemen. O. Slni, 36 Geary, r. 34.
3ALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand; bookkeeping. Parrott big.; cat' log.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving: all branches. ' 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, crammar, writing.
etc. : day or trr e. ; t5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
IfiJzPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 185.
lJNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic aerv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay as.
DRPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
neae help. 4?C Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help turn.; tel. John 2121. 806% Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 4U»4 O'Fterrell et. ; tel. East 428.
EMPLOYMENT VVAXTffiD FEMALE.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer
and typewriter; best references. Box 872. Call.
A 'RELIABLE woman wants any light work by
the day. Box 668. Call office. ¦
WOMAN wishes situation to do housework by
the day. Please call Monday, 359 Jessie st
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
ments by ladies in confinement MRS. WOL-
TER. 132 Sixth st
A— NEtAT responsible middle-aged woman, good
cook and capable of taking full charge In case
of absence of lady, would like situation; ref-
erences; Oakland or city; carfare. MRS. W.,
230 Fell st.
SEAMSTRESS would like a. few more engage-
ments; $1 per day and car fare. X Polk st.
LAUNDRESS wants work by tho day or
month. Address 23% Folsom ave.
SWEDISH girl wishes a position to do- house-
work; city or country; give good references.
316^ RltcWst, near Brannan and Third.
PROTESTANT young lady wishes position as
working housekeeper or light respectable work
of any kind; city or country; fair wages.
Address C. A., box 2670. Call office.
DRESSES made, $5 up; silk waists. JL 24
Sixth st. room 27.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes to sew In
family, $1 60 per day. 132S Mission at ; 2d floor.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day
washing or housecleaning. 615 Birch ave.
SHIRT waists made for 35c 1222 Leavenworth
street.
RESPECTABLE lady desires position as com-
panion to lady or keep house for elderly per-
son; pleasant home; moderate wages; no
trifiers. Box 667. Call.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes engagements
In families; references. Address MR& D.
MAISDELL. 387 Geary st
YOUNG woman going to Europe would take
charge of invalid or children for expenses.
Box 663, Call office. .
WANTED— A place as cook or housekeeper by
a thorough English cook; good wages re-
qnlred; country preferred. Box 653. Call office.
2 RESPECTABLE women would like positions
be housekeeper and one to Bew. Apply 503
Sixth st.
WINCHESTER House 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night: $1 50 to **
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baf&age to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch ofnew. 2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A YOUNG fellow, American. 21 years old,
blight, active, honest, of good address and
affectionate disposition, desires position as
valet to gentleman desiring companion or
valet; no objection to going to Paris Exposi-
tlon; reference. Address box 2920. Call office.
WANTED— By young man aged 20. position,
preferably in city, firing steam boiler or run-
ning small engine; has fair knowledge ot
steam engineering; also understands dyna-
mos, electric motors, etc. ; only very moderate
wages expected. Box 6S4. Call ofnee.
EXPERIENCED threshing machine cook wants
place either for threshing or harvesting crew;
is strictly sober' ancJ will stay the season
out; wages, $1 50 a day. Address GEORGE
THURBER, 1056 Kentucky st.
FIRST-CLASS coachman for private family;
thorough experience; fine all around man; so-
ber; uses no tobacco; not afraid of work; best
of city references. Address for a week, W.,
£69 Mission st.
Al ORCHARDIST and vlneyardlst wants
charge of small place or act as foreman; ac-
customed to handling men; good bookkeeper.
Box 689. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS pastry cook and cake baker
wants work. Box 6J5. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by building designer and
constructor. Box 67S, Call office.
A GEIs.fe.rtAL woodworker wants work part of
the time. Address Workman, box 6S0, Call.
COOK, good all around, wishes a situation;
sober and reliable. AH Round Cook. Fruit-
vale P. O., Alameda County, Cal.
STRONG married man wants work of any
kind; handy with tools: understands machin-
ery. Address box A, Call branch. 30O Hayes.
HONEST German boy wishes a situation as
errand boy. 763 Mission st. ; ut* tains.
PAINTER. paperhanEer and whltener, ¦with
tools, married man. wants work by the day,
month or contract; terms reasonable. Box
C62. Call office.
SOBER youth of 18 wants position of some
kind in city; 4 years In drug store; will work
very reasonable; good references. Address
P. O. box 101. Los Banos, Cal.
A YOUNG Swede to drive and take care of pri-
vate place; willing to do anything: strictly
sober and reliable; references.' Address box
2667, Call office.
SITUATION as- working foreman on fruit
r_nch; understands care of orchard and dry-
ing and parking fruit; can do blacksmlthing
and horseshoeing; references. Address box
27S9. Call office. Oakland.
COACHMAN and general work; experienced In
care of borses, carriages, garden, etc.; refer-
ences. Address A, It., 1104 San Pablo ave..
Oakland.
YOUNG man of 18 wishes employment; to learn
trade preferred. Box €25, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1033
Valencia st. >
EXCHANGE?. t
$4000— NICE home of 70 acres; Napa City; mod-
ern improvements; 22-acre orchard; exchange
-city property; give or take $1000 difference.
$8600 — Full-bearing orchard and vineyard 45
miles from city; will pay difference for city
or Oakland property. I. C. SCHARFF, 20
Montgomery st
AN old-establlched blacksmithlng and horse-
ehoelng business, on account of death of
owner, for sale for cafh or will exchange for
real estate and pay difference. 22 Portland av.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071H Market (near 7th)— Examinations' free;
German eve water by njall, 60c; see City Di-
rectory. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
jugted. N. Manafse, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
i FlNXNCIAX.
IF you invest In stocks or bonds have them
guaranteed by the Pacific Coast Underwriting
Co., 604 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET. ~~
100 FLATS, cottages, etc. A. M. SPECK _
CO., 667 Market st
726 Bush; f., 4 r...$12 50 36B Tehama; f.. 4 r..$U
112 Fell: f.. 4 r $14 83C4 20th; f.. 6 r $11
132 Scott: I.. « r $18 250% Tehama! t., 5 r.$10
675 Geary; f., 4 r.... $9 650A Jeasle; f.. 3 r.. $9
A— NW, corner Sutter and Scott: finest flat In
city for the price; Investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated If seen.
A— 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417ft Third.
A — 3 UPPER stinny modern flats. 5 and 6 rooms,
bath each. S67, 973. 97B Golden Gate ave.
A 4-BOOM flat with large yard, stables and
sheds. 2 Hayward st, near Eighth.
HUSH, 2816 — Flat 4 large sunny rooms and bath;
large basement; yard.
CORNER; upper flats, 7 rooms and bath, $12;
5 rooms and bath, $10. 4499 Seventeenth Bt. '
COZY, Inexpensive flats. 4 and 5 rooma, bath.
1044 and 1050 Sacramento st., below Mason.
FLAT of 4 roome and bath. 1 Metcalf place,
off Geary st, between Mason and Taylor.
FOLSOM, 744, near Third— Lower flat, $18.
McEWEN BROS.. US Montgomery St.
FULTON. 225— Flat of 3 rooma; rent $9.
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery?
MISSION. 29fl— Flat of « rooma; stable If de-
sired.
NEW modern sunny fiats; bath, yard, base-
men t ; 6 and 7 rooms ; reas. 1331-1933 O' Farrell.
NEW modern sunny flat; 6 rooma and bath;
rent $20. 1315 Stelner st.
SACRAMENTO, 1361— Bay- window flat of 8
rooms; rent $12 60.
BUNNY upper flat; 8 rooms; bath; all sunny;
rent $25. Cor. Broadway and Larkln st
UPPER eunny flat, G rooms; rfent $12. 437 Ivy
ave.: key 478 Hayes st
fi ROOMS and bath: dean; rent $22. 9S1 Harri-
son st.. near Sixth. «
$8—1 FLAT of Z rooms and bath; separate yard
and water found. S87# Hayes Bt.
$8— UPPER flat; S sunny rooms. 242 Harriet st.
near Sixth, bet. Harrison and Bryant.
$11—6 ROOMS and bath. 1718A Leavenworth
street.
$20—1283 O'FARRELL st. nr. Octavia: modern
flat of 7" rooms and bath.. SHAINWALD.
BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery St. '
FLATS TO M3T— FURMSUkSD.
FURNISHED flat, 6 rooms, bath, piano; Golden
Gate ave.; $30. Box I7S3, Call office.
FUUXITCnE FOR SALE.
t ROOMS furnished in oak for J4S 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
t'UKKlTUKU WA.VTUO.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 MlBSion St. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 8353.
C, R.' HANSEN _~CO. . . . PHONE~GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT •••••••-•I
6 waitresses, nrst-olass city hotels. $20; 6
waitresses, Santa Cruz. ?20; 4 -waitresses,
Capitola, $20; waitresses, Shasta Springs,
Vichy Springs. Gllroy Springs, Cazadero, all
free fare; waitresses, Sacramento, Fresno,
San Jose, Woodland, $25 each; waitresses, \ i-
salia. Marysville. Redwood, Stockton, San
Rafael Mill Valley, $20; 4 chambermaids to
wait, $20, city and country: 6 chambermaids,
$20 and $1S, country and resorts; woman cook,
Bmall resort, $30, see party here; night casn-
ler, $7 week.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
cook. San Jose. $30; cook, Grass Valley, $£>;
2 houseglrls, American families, city, $20;
house girl and attend store, $15; 5 nursegirls,
city, $15; German or Swedish houseglrl, Ala-
meda, $20; and numerous new orders city and
country. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED— Cook for 10 men. mining camp, $35;
cook, summer resort, $30; cook on fruit farm,
$30; 2 cooks, no wash, short distance. $30;
girl, general housework, 3 in family, short
distance, $30; 2 cooks, small country boarding-
house, $30; pastry cook, restaurant, $40;
lroner for laundry, $30; neat girl, general
housework, 2 In family, $25; 8 waitresses for
resorts, $20 and $25. fare paid; chambermaid
for springs, $20; cashier for restaurant, $7
week; chambermaid and waitress, country
hotel, $23; 4 second girls, city and country.
$20 and $25; and a very large number of girls
for general housework in city and country.
$20, $25 and $30. J. F. CROSKTT. 316 Sutter.
COOK and second girl, same house, $25 and
$15; mother and daughter, small boarding
house, $49; woman to cook for 8 men. $25;
second girl, same house, $18; 6 second girls,
$25 and $20; 2 nureegirls, $20 and $15; ranch
cook, $30; 3 chambermaids, $20 and $15; wait-
ress. $25; 10 housework girls. $25 and $30; 4
cooks. $30, American families; S cooks, Ger-
man style, $30 and $35; 50 girls for country
places, good wages. Apply to MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
- HELP WASTED — ,31 ALE.
MURRAY & READY ...Phone Main B84S
Leading Employment and Labor Agent_
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
BOO men for railroad work, reconstruction and
new work on following divisions: Dunsmulr.
Shasta, Truckee, State of Nevada. Salt Lake.
Sacramento. Western, and all Coast divisions
of California, Santa Barbara. -Los Angeles.
We ship you on all above divisions free fare
and ofnee fee $1. no other expenses.
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE........
TO 35 SAWMILLS. ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
663 men for SO different Jobs. from, laborers to
run machines, wages | from $26 to $40 per
month and found
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers. $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, band i
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen. In
fact, we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $80, $75. $90, $120. $53,
?50 $10, $30 and found; 684 woodchoppers. tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines,
$3, $2 60. $2, $1 50. $1 and 75c cord; shingle
jojner. shingle packer; 25 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare paid, $10 and found
BO laborers, handy with hatchet, to build flume
$30. $35. $40 and found
..HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CREWS..
««ader wagon drivers. $2 a day and found:
z»z men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work
In fields, header men. etc.. $1 25. $1 50, $2 day
and found; come and see
....STABLES. VINEYARDS. ORCHARDS....
•• GARDENS
1;. stablemen, city and country Jobs. $40, $3o.
$•'0. $25 and found
129 Vineyard and orchard hands, $36, $30. J20
and found; S gardeners 1 stableman, all for
private families, $30, $25, $20 and found; bug-
gy washer, $50; come and see
DAIRIES. CHEESE FACTORIES
89 milkers for different places, $35. $30 and
found; S butter makers and run separators,
boss here. $35 and found; 5 cheeaemakers, dif-
ferent Jobs, $35 and $40 and found
..MEN AND BOYS TO CUT FRUIT AND..
•• BERRY PICKERS
50 boys and men to cut fruit, no experience
required, piece work, can make good wages
Also 150 Berry Pickers •••
4 machine miners $3°
•¦-...- MECHANICAL HELP
Carpenter, sawmill company, $40 and found,
fare paid; cooper S3 day; cooper to make
butter kegs; IS blacksmiths and horseshoers,
$2 50. $C0, $70. $45 and $30 and found
.-..S. P. R. ft.— DIFFERENT DIVISIONS....
Free fare Office fee $1
Section and reconstruction and new work
laborers; you'll eult; regular wages
CO laborers, S. P. R. R. $2 day, free fare
..SPECIAL NOTICE. .MINES. .BIG WAGES..
35 laborers for mines, no experience required;
you'll suit. $40 to $43 per month and found; 29
miners, single hand $90 and- $75
Crowds going to gold mines
For a new mine
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 50, $34 and
round; 6 men and wives for ranches. $40. $35.
$30 and found
Read these carefully
S65 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco, $3,
$2 50. $2. $1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
home
For other positions come down and read
billboards.
12 single-handed miners, fare $2 50. $60
and found
Coal Miners Hard Rockmen Drillers
Roclunen Hammersmen, $2 25 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
EXPERIENCED fruit canners wanted Immedi-
ately. Apply U. 8. FRUIT PACKING CO..
Harrison ave.. off Folsom St.. bet Seventh
and Eighth.
WANTED— 200 women and girls to work on
fruit Apply Immediately U. S. FRUIT
PACKING CO.. Harrison ave., between Sev-
enth and Eighth sts., off Folsom.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 1900.
29
RBAJL ESTATE — .CITY— -FOH SALE.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
22 Montgomery st.
$16,000 — Rents $1740 per annum; pays 10 per
gent; three new flats of 8 rooms and bath each;
very stylish; Ellis, near Gough.
$80,000— Choice corner on Third st.'; pays 6
per cent net; near Market.
$21,0C0— Manufacturing district; Howard, near
First; 60x165 to rear street.
$6000 — Bush, near Fillmore; sunny side; 27x
77:2; large house of 11 rooms and porcelain
bath: could be changed Into flats at small ex-
pense.
$2250— Natoma, between First and Second;
house of 7 rooms and bath; rent $1S; lot 20x65.
$1SOO— Parker ave., near Geary: 25x120; two
flats of 4 and 5 rooms each; rents $15.
LOOK AT THESE BARGAINS IN FLATS— All
i paying 12 per cent Inteiwt— and all new
goods.
$11,000— Fillmore, near Hayes: S new flats,
6-6 and 7 rooms and porcelain bath each; rents
$106 per month.
$10,500— Turk, near Lnguna: 3 new modern
flats, G-6 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $97 per
month.
$12.500— Rents $130 per month: Van Ness ave .
near Green; 3 new elegant flats of 7 rooms
and bath each.
$7,fOO— Rents $62 50: 2 new flats. 6 and 7
rooms and bath each; Oak st. ; fronting Park.
$1,600— Minna, near Fourteenth; nice com-
fortable house of 5 roomB; lot 20xSO; street ac-
cepted.
$2,000— Rents $240 per annum: pays 12 per
cent; 2 flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; Har-
rison st., near Twelfth..
$8,300— Fine unobstructed marine view; lot &3
by 117:9; on Maple, near Jackson.
$7.000— A bargain: Folsom st.: north side, be-
tween Sth and 9th; 50x90; just the place for
stores and flats.
$400 each— Lots 25x125 each; Diamond St., be-
tween 20th and 21st; street work done; lots on
grade.
$14.000— Post St.. near Hyde; 3 new flats, 9
rooms each; rents $115.
$110,000— Rents $900 per month: large down-
town business corner; near Market st. .
$60,000— Third st. corner; pays over « per cent
net; near Market st.
$31,000— Sixth st. corner; nearly new Improve-
ments; pays 6 per cent.
1105.000 — Best downtown corner north of Mar-
ket St.; call for particulars.
$2,750 each— A bargain; two lots on Fell St..
near Cole; 25x100 each; sunny side of street
facing Park.
C C. BEM1S, Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 824 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass ets.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
X1600— North lint Carl St., near Stanyan; 23x
137:6 feet.
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H.
MURPHY. 630 Market; 2d mortgages; estates.
BARGAIN!'. $700; lot on South California, near
Third ave.: 25x100 feet: this lot must be sold:
title innured by policy from California Title
Insurance Co. Apply room 603, Examiner
building. _^_^
$5300— MODERN 9-room hc*uss» In choice location
on Waller St., near Pierce, 1 block from
Hatght-st. cars; finished with marble steps,
frescoed ceilings, 3 wood mantels, hard-fin-
ished basement, etc; terms one-fourth cash,
balance JoO monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
JS50— HOUSE of 5 rooms: 2 lots; fine garden;
beautiful and sunny. Apply at 121 Anderson
St., near Cortland-ave. schoolhouse.
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices: plans and estimates furnished for all
bulldlnc work. CAMPBELL.. Ill* Mission st.
CHEAPEST, good lot on Pacific Heights; see
quick. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st. J
BUSINESS property— Bi? sacrifice on Howard |
street, near 4th. Bpw Drug Co.. Alameda.
IlHAi; ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
ATTENTION HOME SEEKERS.
We are subdividing one of the finest pieces |
of orchard land In the famous Santa Clara |
Valley, known as the San Martin ranch, 74 !
milfs from San Francisco on the main line: 2 ]
trains dally; railroad station on the place; !
town of San Martin part of the property with |
Up $.*)000 school house; surrounded by beautiful j
orchard homes: will sell In tracts to suit upon I
payment of 25 per cent down, balance at 6 per j
cent net: will refund fare to buyer; maps and |
photos at office.
DAVID BUSH & SON, 14 Post st. j
A— $1500— ABOUT 10 acres In prunes, apricots
and peaches at San Martin. Santa Clara
County, with cottage and lot 40xlf,0 directly
opposite; railroad station 5 minutes' walk; a
great bargRln.
$2500—160 acres; 10 acres In prunes, peaches
and apricots, 3 acres In table graphs, all In full
bearing; 8 acr*»s in grain. 40 aoree pasture land, t
balance wooded pasture land; running streams; 1
house of 7 rooms, barn and outbuildings; 4 1
miles east of Los Gatos and l',fc miles from
railroad station; half a mile from school; this
1S a SnaP " ,2500. '
Beautiful little place of 15 acres, 3 miles east >
of Sunol, Alnmeda County; land nil cultivable; ¦¦
fumily orchard and vineyard in bearing; creek ¦
runs through the place; nice little house with !
verandas: barn, poultry' houses. Belgian hare |
rabbltry; house is furnished; 200 chickens, 11 t
hogs, 2 fine cows, good horse, buggy and har- ;
ness; new' cart; water piped all over; nice •
garden; cemented milk house; 3 poultry houses. <
3 hog pens. 3 nne barns, pigeon house; an ideal j
country l ™ m £ MER RES0 RT PLACE.
For sale or exchange; the place known as )
Tocaloma, Marln County; N. P. C. R. R. sta- ;
tion on, the place; hotel of 40 rooms and cot- ]
tages. completely furnished and equipped; gas j
and water: bar and billiard room; dotng a good
business; open all the year; price on appllca-
tlon. DAVID BUSH & SOX. 14 Post it.
AN opportunity— 21 acres. 1% miles of Healds-
burg; 750 prunes, 350 clings. 30 Palway peach-
es 25 apples, 15 cherries, 23 Tragedy prunes;
mostly bearing; 8 acres hay; wnter piped to
good 6-room. hard-finished house and barn; IS j
oranges: large garden: 150 roses; 2 chicken
houses; strawberry beds; grapevine arbor;
$4500; finest location. Full particulars J. T.
PETERS, U Montgomery st.
$3500—271 ACRES: Lake Co., near Lakeport: 30
acres rich bottom land. balance hay and
grain land; house 6 rooms, barns ; family or-
chard 10 acres; alfalfa, 4 acres; potatoes;
plenty of water. C. F. MOORE, 935 Market
St.," room 6.
SONOMA Co. : 2 miles from station and tele-
phone; unusual opportunity for obtaining good
ranch; 165 acres on creek; 800 fruit trees. Write
W. JAMES LEWIS, owner, Kenwood, Cal.
J200— LINCOL poultry farm; Llncol ave., upper
Frultvale. Apply PETE NELSON'S store.
MARIN CO., 26 miles from S. F.— $40 to $S0 per
acre; choice lands In tracts'of all sires; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vetetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., room 2, Sth floor, Mills bldg., S.F.
FOR SALE— Good-paying investment: country
hotel: rented at J50. For particulars apply at
Fouthwest corner E'ldy and Taylor sts.
ROSS VALLEY RKAL ESTATE.
AT Ross Station — For sale; the very choicest
lots of any; 6 minutes" walk west of station;
$10 per front "foot; 200 feet deep; sign on
ground. Address ALBERT WILFORD, 3009
Jackson st., San Francisco.
ROSS VALLEY — Few choice lots left; 60x150
feet, $300; San Rafael water; elegant view; 5
minutes" walk from Kent station, 10 minutes
from Ross. Apply P. ROSS, Kent, or C. It
STANYAN. 31 Market St.. San Francisco.
ROOMS FOIl HOlSEKIiEIM.NO.
CALIFORNIA. 543— Nicely furnished rooms;
terms reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. S32. near Powell — Furnished
light housekeeping rooms; extra desirable.
DOLORES, 3S2— Partly furnished housekeeping:
3 or 4 rooms. $8: fine cook stove.
EDDY, 305 — Bunny back parlor, wHh use of
kitchen.
ELEVENTH, 120—2 sunny furnished rocir.s;
stove and bath; modern conveniences: |1S.
FIFTH, .348 — Suite of rooms lurnished for
housekeeping; cheap rent.
FELL, 368— Front room for lady with child;
suitable for housekeeping. •
FOLSOM, 523— Large front room for light
housekeeping or 2 gentlemen; folding bed;
rent $8. ¦ - - ' '^ :
FOLSOM, 776H — * neatly furnished connecting
housekeeping rooms; also 1 single room.
FOURTH, 225— Nice housekeeping- rooms; also
single rooms; reasonable rent.
GEARY, 1117 — Unfurnished floor of 4 sunny
rooms: bath; gas; private family; $20.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 334— Lovely parlor floor,
housekeeping, family adults: piano; gaa; bath.
HARRISON, 731—3 rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; rent $13.
HOWARD. 1061— 2 completely furnished rooms;
running water: also others for housekeeping.
JESSIE, 474— Front and back sunny rooms for
housekeeping; also single rooms.
JUNIPER. 2. oft Folsom, bet. 10th and 11th—
2 nice sunny housekeeping rooms; unfurn-
ished; rent $5. ¦
LARKIN, 414ft— Two unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping.
STORAGE: AXD WAREHOUSES.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 2S1.
FINE yard for cheap storage; fenced in: near
Sacond st. Apply 64 Silver St.. oft* Third.
WILSON BKOS.. storage and niuv.ns:: cov»r»«l
rans. Tenth and Market: phone South 7C.
HEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 7K Mission at..
tel. Main 1S1O— Packing, movln* and storage
Tvi'Euiini:i{> ami si rri.ik^.
GREAT BARGAINsTn TYPEWRITERS— W*
fell better machines for les^ money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchanre. S3fi California. t»lprhon<» Main 268.
ArAMEDA^ERTJSEMENTs!
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GRAND new house of 8 rooms and bath and
basement; Just finishing; lower floor in whits
wood: iO-foot lot. See owner and house at
1323 Regent st.
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure; bargains-; one-fifth casn; bal-
ance in 1. X. 3 or 4 years. Alaroeda Savings
Bank.
iLAMKDA FURSISHKD HOUSES.
MODERN furnished house seven rooms. Apply
212 Front St.. t^an Francisco, or K.4rt Central
ave., Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
WILL exchange for Berkeley property near
Deaf and Dumb Asylum, an elegant new resi-
dence in S. F.. In Mission warm belt; house
contains 8 rooms and bath: electric and gas;
modern In every respect: mortgage of $2000 at
6\i. can remain: write owner, 222 Liberty St..
S. F. ; no agents.
FOR SALE. ~
A new modern house of T rnoms and bath.
attic, basement, etc.: up to date in every re-
spect; no expense spared; built for own occu-
pation; owner going East; special attention
given to plumbing: situate on large lot; t
blocks of college: grand view.
Apply to O. O. MAT & CO.,
Berkeley Station.
JoCf-O— ELEGANT 9-room home, complete In all
details; sunny; corner lot; adjacent to U. C. ;
elegant marlrte view.
$lS;o — 6-room cottage with lot 40x133; sunny
side of street; 5 minutes' walk to U. C.
grounds: a snap.
$43 per foot; choicest building W: 1 block
of V. C. ; 73x130. M. L. "Wl'RTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
FINE 5-acre tracts; adjacent to Berkeley; lo-
cated on side hill; sunny exposure; especially
adapted to rsls'.ng Belgian hares and chick-
ens; sold on easy payments. Apply to liEO.
SCHMIDT. Schmidt block, Berkeley.
C. C. BEMI9. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley — Corner lot 87x150. with modern
house of 9 rooms.
A GREAT bargain— Only $3300 for an lS-room
house; convenient to cars and schools. O. G.
MAT & CO.. 2123 Center St.
GOOD ten-room house on corner lot; 1 block
from university; price $4000. O. G. MAY ft
CO.. 2123 Center st.. Berkeley.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
SNAPS. SNAPS. SNAPS.
SNAPS. SNAPS. SNAPS.
TO-DAY. TO-DAY. TO-DAT. TO-DAY.
IP YOU WANT A HOME.
$100 cash, balance easy terms; orchard; nice
shade trees; new ar.d modern; elegant location.
$1SO— Elegantly located lot; fine soil.
$300— Lots 60x173: choicest part of Frultvale;
bearing fruit trees on the property.
$350— $50 down, balance about $4 per month;
three rooms; new, good lot; fine view; healthy
location.
$400— $50 down, balance $3 per month: well,
etc.
$600— $100 down, balance $7 per month; high,
healthy, grand view; fine soil and climate.
$800— Lot 100x175; fine place for chickens.
$750 — Lot 75x173: three rooms; new.
J70O — Chicken ranch: three rooms; new.
$900 — Another one; four rooms, new; welL
$900— $100 down, balance like rent: large lot:
sewer; city water; close to cars and station;
three rooms: high basement.
$1000 — Another chicken ranch; complete la
every detail.
$1000— $100 down, balance earn* aa rent; 4
rooms; complete.
Lou of others at various prices.
Easy terms on everything we have to Ml!.
These properties are golns fast, so don't de-
lay, come out to-day.
MONET TO LOAN.
Flat or on Installments.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
FVultvale offlc*. half a. block above Frultvale
Ptatlon.
FOR SALE BT H. A. PLEITNER.
$450— Cottage of t rooms, barn, chicken-house,
fruit trees, etc.; lot 40x135.
$550 House of 4 rooms and basement; large
chicken-house: good well and pump; lot 50x110.
$1W cash, balance on your own terms.
$700 House of 4 rooms and basement: fruit
trees, etc.: lot SOxllO; $100 cash, balance $12 per
$$S0-^Bay-wlndow cottage of s rooms and
bath; hall, front and back porch, basement,
etc : only S blocks from local train: easy terms
If desired.
$350 — Xew house of 3 large rooms, pantry and
closets; 6-foot basement; good brick founda-
tion; chicken- house; lot 75x100; fenced and
cross-fenced: $130 cash, balance same as rent.
$nno — A sacrifice; modern cottage of 5 rooms
and bath, basement, etc.: lot 50x147: one block
from electric cars; must be sold; only $100 cash,
balance same as rent; an opportunity wortn
Investigating.
jj200 — Housm* of t rooms, high basement, all
floored stable, chicken-house; g<ym\ well and
pump: corner lot. 170x130. all fenced.
jisoo— Chicken ranch of 1 acre; choice fruit
trees; house of S roorr.9 and basement: barn: 12
chicken-houses, 2 Incubators, brooder houses,
chickens, etc.
For particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station. Cal.
LARGE lots 100x143. $100 and up: all level land
an 4 One ground: only 5 minutes' walk from
electric car and near school. Call C. SEITZ.
1107 Twenty-third aye., Oakland.
$350— HOUSE of 4 rooms; lot 50x150: good
pump: $150 cash, rest $10 a month. C. SEITZ.
1107 Twenty-third »ve.. Oakland^
CHANCE of a lifetime to get a beautiful homa
tn Frultvale. near station, half a block from
school: NW. cor.. 55x113; under cultivation;
easy terms. Apply on premtsea. corner Mei^
rill and Putnam sts.. Frultvale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENT^
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.^
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2750— FINE groomed modern home with lot 73*
140 feet: fruit trees, garden, etc.; street work
all done: high ground and nice location; In
East Oakland^band^o^^and^a™.
Real Estate llmkors,
lOOS Broadway.
i«3im_REN'TS SIS per month : corner store with
flat of 5 rooms and stable: good business lo-
cation; 5 blocks from Broadway: very sunny;
street work all done: arood tenants,
street wor* ALST i N - & CO..
Real Estate Bmk<v3.
IOCS Broadway.
BTTY DOWNTOWN FOR GOOD RENTS.
ijjnn— Fays I2t p»r month: two flats of 5 rooms
each within two blocks of Droadway. down-
town: pays over 13 per cent; owner away and
anxious to sell. qeo £ -^^ 4 co
1WS Broadway, Oakland.
12750— COMFORTABLE home of 10 r-vms with
"gunny front; only 3 blocks from Broadway;
right downtown; will rent for $35 per month:
suitable fcr two families: a bl«t bargain and
a forced sale; look Into this.
GEO. W. AUSTIN * CO..
Real Estate Brokers,
10OS Broadway. .
$1330— EASTLAKE cottage of 5 rooms, bath and
high basement; lot ISXMO feet; sunny front;
close to San Pablo ave.: street work all done:
walking distance of the City Hall: must s«U
on account of mortgage.
OEO. W. AVSTIN & CO..
ReaJ Estate Brokers,
lrtOS Broadway.
$22V) — ELEGANT seven-roomed new Colonial
cottage: lot 49x149 feet: on sunny side of street
In nice location; half block from electric cara
In Piedmont; carries flat mortgage $2000 at S
per cent: must be sold.
GEO. W. Al'STIN & CO..
Real Estate Broker-,
10W Broadway.
$S50— 7-ROOM house: North Oakland: good lo-
cation: near Santa Fe. C. K. KING. 902
Broadway. Oakland^
$1000— SIX acres and house and barn; Walnut
Creek. C. K. KING. JG2 Broadway,
9 ACRES. San Lorenzo, for $2230: vegetable,
land. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
14 LOTS north of Pan Leandro; road free and
clear for small ranch. Address box 2731. Call
office. Oakland.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Thirty.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$56.000 — NAV. corner; Turk St.. near Larkln;
137:€xl37:6: rents $295; partially Improved. ¦
$M,C(»>— Warehouse In vicinity of Fourth and
Townsend sts.; 99x240 feet; two frontages.
Broadway, nt-ar Franklin Bt. — 77x137:8; modern
hou*e of 18 rooms.
J2S, 000— Market St., near Valencia;' 3S:llHx124;
Irregular to Stevenson et.; frame Improvements.
12,500— Union »t.. near Taylor; 3 modern flat9
and rear house; 25:9x128:9: rents $97.
$S000— Ellis St., near Octavia; 25x120; house of
S rooms and bath.
$7250— Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave.j 25x
MO: house of 12 rooms.
$7000— Sacramento st., near Hyde; 25x120;
house of 9 rooms and bath; rent $35.
$6500— Grove *t., near Central ave.; 25x137:6;
new 3-etory bay-window fiats: rents $G0.
Natoma St., near Tenth— 60x75; three houses;
rents JfiO; must be sold.
$fif)00— Vallejo St., near Mason; 48:l%xl37:6,
with an L: 2 flats and rear houBe: rents S64.
jcooo — Folsom St., near Eighth; 25x90; 2 flats;
rents $46.
$56(iO— Green et., near Dupont; 26:6x80; 3 bay-
window flats; rents $.'5.
$4250 — Webster St., near Filbert; 25x100; 6- room
cottage.
$37EO— Ellis St., near Pierce; 30x75; cottage;
stable.
Twenty-third St., near Dolores— 25xSl:6; two-
story house; 6 roorrs and bath: $500 down, bal-
ance same as rent: Interest 6 per cent; must
be sold to close an estate; offer wanted.
$2900— Central ave.. near Hayes St.; store and
4 rooms and bath; 25x100.
UNIMPROVED.
137:6x137:6 — Corner Hayes and Lyon sts.
J8000 — Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth; f.Sx93.
$6000— Corner Bryant and Twenty-second sts. ;
85x100; will subdivide.
$3500— Fulton, near Fillmore; 32:6x137:6.
$3000 — Laguna St.. near Page; 25x100.
J2750 each — Post St., near Devisadero; 2 lots.
20x90 — W. line of Mission, S. of Army; 3 lota.
$2250— McAllister St., near Lyon; 25x100.
$1760— Corner Castro and Alvarado; 26:6x106.
$1500— Sutter St., near Lyon: 35:3x100.
$1500 — Union St., near Pierce: 25^2x100.
260x125 — NW. cor. Fountain and 25th ets.
A. M. SPECK & CO 6G7 MARKET ST.
Opposite Kearny St.
$32,000— Fourth St., .near Townsend. 137:6x117:8;
near railroad and warehouses.
$28 000— Vicinity Larkln and McAllister sts.; lot
68:9x120; 2 frontages; rents $210.
$23,000— Sixth gt.; 75 feet frontage; 4 etorea and
50 rooms above: rents $200.
$18,000 — 1362 Post st.. near Gough; magnificent
residence: every modern convenience;
cost $30,000.
$12,600— Mission st., near Sixth: store and lodg-
ing house; worth $17,000; rents about
$1100 annually.
$12,500 — Ninth St., close to Mission; 88 feet
front; 2 stores and flats.
$12,600— Steuart St., half block from Market;
brick bulldtns.
$11,000— Market st. corner; modern building:
store and flat; rent $S5; lot 23x100.
$6000— O'Farrell st. flats; rents J60; 2 frontages.
$7,250— Broadway, between Buchanan and
Webster Bts.; lot 34:4^x132; choicest
residence site.
$6,500—1225 Bush St.: lot 30x137:6; house of 14
¦ rooms; must be sold.
j3 ooo— Powell st.; 3 flats; rents $62.
$2,800— Rents $40; 5 flats; 2 frontages; Vallejo"
St.; want offer.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
F. B. SURRTHNE,
Real Estate Agent, 133 Montgomery st.
$6000 — Two fine modern flats: Page St., near
Devlsadero, north side; 6 and 7 rooms; rents
$S0 per month; lot 30x97:6.
$9000— Halght St., near Market: two houses,
one. of 9 and the other of 6 rooms and bath:
rents $65 per month: lot S0x87:6: want an offer.
$S000 — Clay St., near Larkln; double house of
9 rooms and bath ench; rents $45 per month;
lot 37:6x71: very cheap.
$1250— Near Market and Noe sts.: cottage of 5
rooms; lot 25xbS:9; stone sidewalk; street ac-
cepted. - '
$1650— Two flats; rents $18 per month; Rich-
mond district; lot 25x120.
$4750— Rents $C2 per month; seven tenements
near Sixth and Harrison sts.
If you are looking for. a building lot don't
fall to get my list. I also have choice lnvest-
mentB In flats.
$25,000— THE cheapest buy In town; will more
than double the value Inside of 10 years; to
close an estate will be sacrificed now; an ele-
gant Market-st. property, east of Valencia,
38x124 to rear street. Apply R. McCOLGAN,
24 Montgomery st., room 3.
jj,750_THE best bargain In the city: cost $13,000;
4 flats, 2 stores; rents $95. SE. Stockton and
Greenwich. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24 Mont-
gomery St.. room 3. - .- ¦ . -
A— $12 60 a : month will buy a home half block
from Mission et. ;all new and modern; It con-
tains 4 rooms and bath. S. DUCAS. 11 Mont-
gomery st.' ' ¦ . -
IF you have lots north of the Park In small
or large subdivisions, and you want to sell
quickly, ' then call on the undersigned. W.
J.-GUNK. 630 California et.
EA6TON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market st.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO INVESTMENT.
West side Railroad ave., S0:6 southwest of
Eighth ave.; store and 4 rooms; lot 25:6x131 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE.
East side (No. 133) Andover St., 25 north of
Blalne st.; 4 rooms and bath and basement;
lot 50x70 feet.
TWENTY-FOURTH-ST. COTTAGE.
South line (N\ 4247) Twenty-rourth St.. 75
feet east of D?>isr'a?s; new modern cottage of
7 rooms and bath; lot 25x90 feet.
ELEGANT MISSION RESIDENCE.
North side (No. 3250) Twenty-flrst St.. 224 feet
¦west of Mission; elegant modern residence of
10 rooms and bath, etc.; lot 62xS5 feet.
South side (No. 1313) Point Lobos ave., 57:6
feet west of Second ave. ; store and flat, 5
rooms and bath; rents $22 per month; lot 25x
120 feet.
POINT LOBOS AVE. INVESTMENT.
PROBATE SALE.
North elde (Nos. 422-422Vi) Fulton rt.. 192:6
west of Gough: flats and rear house; rents
$35 per month; lot 27:6x137:6; mortgage $2330.
LEAVENWORTH-ST FLATS.
East side (Nos. 1120-1120A) Leavenworth St.,
22 feet 11 inches south of Sacramento: 2 fiats
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $42 60 per
month; lot 22:11x80 feet to rear street.
Southeast side (Nos. 247-51) Shipley St., 375
southwest of Fifth; 6 fine well-built flats of
4 and 7 rooms; rents $72 per month; lot 50x75
feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS CORNER.
Southwest corner (No. 2601) Post and Lyon
Bts. • store and 3 rooms and cottage of 3 rooms;
lot 30x92:6 feet; mortgage $3000.
East side (No. 2S10) Octavla Et.. 110 feet north
of Union; front house, 5 rooms, and new rear
cottage, 6 room* and bath; rents $30 per month:
lot 27:6x109 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGES
South Bide (No. 2409) Clay St., 168:9 west of
Webster; front house, 7 rooms and bath; rear
house, 4 rooms; rents $42 per month; lot 25x
127:4% feet.
CLAY-ST. INVESTMENT.
West line (No. 221) Davis St., 27 feet south
of Clay; improvements, 3-story and basement
brick building; lot 20x55 feet; mortgage of
$10,000 can remain.
.WHOLESALE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.-
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY. JUNE 26TH, 1900.
At 12 o'clock noon.
At our salesroom, 63S Market st.
* lt "' EY TO LOA *-
LOANS made on furniture at IV4 per cent; also
Icanp to salaried people. HARSHBARGEU,
K2 E!Hs ft. rocm U. ,
MO£T reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
jrmtches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
nlgh»>8t price lor old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
plsno* ; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 116 Keamy, room 9. respectable private
piace to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
ratrg; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ON furniiure and pianos without removal; quick
**rvice; money direct; lowest interest Rooms
fa and C9. Donohoe building. «"» Market st
ON real estate. 1st cr 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER A CO.. 26 Montgomery.
ANT amount by private party rn furniture and
piano*; n O removal: low rates; confidential.
B'lXELLl. SCI Jones «., corner Eddy. \
MONEY lraned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif.
ANY turn. 1st or 2nd mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. chattels, etc. R. 603 Examiner building.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.. selves all kinds of
financial problem*: 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security: ail busl-
__ries8 confidential. Toutley Co.. 321 Parrot big.
CABH loaned to salaried people on note without
tndorser. MOKHELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
corr.mtfElon: private. LICK. 11< McAllister.
TO salaried men without collateral or indorser.
s. F. IVyr-nur-t Acencv. 143 Plieliin building.
UIS1CAL IXSTJllMK.'VTS.
THE best thing of the 6eas<-m Is a new style
Olyrnpia Music Box. with double comb, for
$S>; the tone is as tin* a* any box ought to be
at dowbta th» nrlce. MAUVAXS MUSIC CO..
. 7<g> Market «t.
T'NTIL July 1 you will grt itk re than the value
of your money if you buy a piano, organ or
ether musical in*trume:ns of the UAUVAIi
__M!"FIC CO.. 7^8 MRrket Ft.
IF you want low Installments on any musical
instrument, come to us; if you want to i^ay
onsh. oome Just the same. MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 76? Market St.
AS we represent the best make of pianos In
every grade, from Stelnway down to low-
irlced ir.akes. and as our Installment pay-
ments e.re easier than those of other dealers.
**e «re the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos. $6 cash, $« per
menth: ether pianos $3.- $4 and $5 per month.
fHEKMAX. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers,
cor. Kearnj- and Sutter fts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
PIANOS at cuff. c»ing to the dull season now
rental piano*; these, together with a number
tf samples sent us from factory, will be
closed out regardless of profit; a better op-
portunity ha« ne\er been offered: terms very
liberal. HENJ. CITRTAZ & SON, 16 O'Kar-
rell ft
ABSOLUTELY the cHfrt end largest house
west cf Chicsyo Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
2*. IS end 30 O'F°arre!l rt. : pianos, organs and
all ether rnuriral Instruments of all grades
«nd prices: terms easy; prices lewett; every-
th'.Rg possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A F"EW harp* Ins In pianos of rtandaxd makes
f'Ali remain 'rorn our closing out sale, rar.g-
inr from $75 bj>; must be sold by July 1.
FPENOER'S. ISIS Market st.
BARGAIN'S— A fev; pianos will be eold this
week for *tor«(re: offer* wanted (.cash or in-
rtallacotx). Wilson's Ptorape Co.. 171<t Mrkt.
FELLING out rerardless of cost— Entire stock
o' planoa; store to let: fixtures for sale.
JA5IE? KEEFFE. 1C19 Van Ness ave.
Gooj-> Fifcher; rreat bargair. BCHMITzT~18
McAllister Bt., next Hlbernla Ba-'-
TV G. BAMER. 4!2 Sacramento Ft., ejent for
Franri* Bacon and Hallett tc l>av»s pianos.
FVPERIOR v'.cMr.s. zithers, eld and new. H.
MULLER, rrsker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
t50ft— STEW piano will sell at very low price.
Address box €31. Call office.
ONE Sie'.nway, 1 Cfclckerlr.g. $1*0; Installments
J5 to $:0; rent J2 up: HEINE'S. 136 Ellis et.
F<">HMER & CO.. Bj-ron Mauzy. Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 2CS Post rt.
FINE Krell upright p'.aro at a great bargain.
PTATHAM. 106 McAllister st
DEDUCTION sale: new pianos I' payments:
fcr rent. V up. BRUENN. 21% Post st.
CHEAPEST and b*5t In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 rsire». sent to any address In the
Vnlt^d <=--: >f cr Canada, one year for $1.
past* s* roM
OFFICE! AXD STORES — TO LET.
OKZ»T '' w left: funny suites: m-wlr fitted, tl4; i
light water r-ervlce free. 410 Kearny ft.
LA&GE store* and sunny of flees near Hall of
-u«il?- Court block. BABIV 4» K»»rnr »t.
~~ PALMlsTinN
1'MF. Neerraard. Pr*«. St Germain College of
Palmistry; reads 1 to 8. tit Geary, nr. Jonea.
H. JEKOME FO5FELLI. FCjentlflc palmist. 515
Tayirr *t . b*t. Omd' * Pcft: rhone B:»ok£«.
PASTL'KAUU.
100 TO EO0 acres green pasture, clover and wild
trasses mixed, for horses or cattle. For
urrat arpl> A. B. FULLER. Antloch. Cal.
PEKSO.NALS.
A REFINED w13ow, SO. wl«he« the acquaint-
ance of a jrpr.tleman with some means; ob-
|eec matrimony: ref«»r*-nce» exchanged. Ad-
Srei5i> b-<x 2GCT. Call office.
I.ill'ERER If th» popular hairdresser.
Led>r«T charges hut the for the •
L«-<!erer fachl'.nalie hair styles.
L»"i<»r«T K-Mf El IVrfe^to Veda Rougre 5"c box.
Lederer's Quintor.ica hair tonic is 35c bottle.
L*<lerer'« Foamo Shampoo is only 5c package.
Lrtderer's HairtfreFfing Parlors, 123 Stockton.
I'RIVATB — A hsrne In confinement; removed
from the bustle and din of a large city; pri-
vacy which cannot be obtained at hospitals
or ranltarluir.*; physicians having patients de-
«lring to admlDister medical services them-
selves <~«n do •¦:>; country patients solicited.
MRS. OR. Fl'KKE, 141« Kishth Bt.. Alameda.
A-RELIABLE Hlrsultlne Co. Is Just what Its
name indicate? — "Reliable"; guarantees and
proof free how to care dandruff and falling
h&ir; gray hair restored and grown on bald
- h^ads. Address, with stamp. E. R. DL'XLAP,
6 EcJiJy et., B. F., parlors 73 and 7*.
FREE— fur e«*s in life can cr.ly be obtained
through ir.Suence. Will send absolutely free a
: , -*• book which explains all the secreta
cT hypnotism, r-er«_nal magnetism and mag-
r.etic healing. Tells how to cure clseases and
r* 1 ! habits, enables you to win and hold the
leve and respect of others. Anybody can
!«>arT! In a few days. We ruarantee success.
Writ* to-Aay. Address NEW YORK INSTI-
TUTE OF SCIENCE, Dept. 517K, Roches-
ter. N. Y.
bn. C. K VALEEN— Magnetic healing and
tusirestive therapeutics; dlf^eaoes cured »ltii-
cut drug» or operations; hours 2 to 5; Sunday
by appointment. 215 Leavenworth st.
THOSE who eflmire a luxurious head of hair
and wish to possess likewise uee Brazilian
Hair Food- BOTKEX drug: More. Ninth and
Mission sts^
HVPNOTISM-Methods of Weltmer, Harraden
and New York Institute of Science given Jn
our romp1"»» course: price $1. Atlanta School
of Suggestion. Publishers, Atlanta, Ga.
frn Lillle Webb"« olive oil soap: 10c at druff-
riets; agents wanted. CADOCAN & Mc-
r-Lt.'RE. 421 Market, r. S4; from * to 10 a. m.
LADIES' and gents' cart-off clothing bought and
s'ld. Fllvenr.an. 984 Fol^om, tel. Folsom 1191.
LADIES— Feer»t to enlarge bust « Inches free.
ZAXZEMETTO CO.. Dept. 43. Milwaukee, Wli.
AMATEUR photographers— Save 60 per cent by
having your wcr» done at Rembrandt Studio,
SSO Market «t.. cor. Stockton; kodaks, thixZ%.
< nly 2Sc; no charge for blank negatives; pro-
Tegslonal advlca free; lesnons siren. COo each.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenill»-wove ruR*. "H* portiere*; dealer in
rarr>«t twine In har.k or chain, at lowest
nnSTcEO. MATTHEWS. TOT Fifth. Oakland.
$Fm MEN'S thoe« for $1 50 a pair at the Dee
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market St., near Third.
V.H. DAVID MARKOWITZ left wife and 3
children I>eremner 6. 1899; Rabbi M. Marko-
wltr, brother and «ister» are very wuiow m
to hi« whereabouts; also the children. 11074
Howard rt.. Fan Francisco.
E1DXEY B. BARKER— Any one knowing the
whereabouts of KIDNEY 8. BARKER kindly
communicate same to MefFrs. BISHOP &
WHEELER, Ran Franclwo. Cal.
ON and after this date I forbid all persons
trusting any one on my account, as I shall
pay no bill* other than those of my own con-
tracting THOMAS CHAFFER.
AX elegant uprirht piano, beautiful case. Col-
onial style, three pedals; used three months;
mort be 'old to close up estate; $150. it
Flood building.
VICTIMS of liquor habit cured home without
their knowledge. Kor particulars . address
Dipso Remedy Co., Ean Jose. Cal.: cotifld'tl.
PRIVATE oVtectlv* work; reasonable rates; 10
years' •xprrlenc*. J. H. Ray, 257 Jessie ft.
"WILL pay cash for old sealskins. Box 431*.
Call office.
ACADEMY for the new science of healing
without operations; before you undergo an ;
operation »lv» us a call: consultation free.
DR. WM. SCHMITT. C27 Post St.
AHLBCRN* Houtr, 311 to £22 Grant are.— Lead-
Ing German- American hotel of Ean Francisco;
$1 per day up; finest meals in city, r '
PERSONALS.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1; at all druggists.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 room*:
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 p»r week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from Imported or do-
mesMc remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market st..
betwjen Seventh and Eighth.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
S50 Market St., second floor, room S7.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott's Curling Fluid: 25c bottle; druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought:
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Keamy st.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 2*06 Pacific ave.,
between Pierce and Scott; phone Steiner 33*1.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; phcto supplies. Backus
studio. 11 Geary *t.. ground and top floors.
PHYSICIANS AND SL'RGKOXS.
DR. C. C ODONNELLr^Offlce and residence.
ic;m Market »t. bet. Rlxth and Seventh.
REAL. ESTATE CITY FOH SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
MARKET STREET CORNER.
Near City Hall; 27:9x137:6; a splendid oppor-
tunity; only $43,500.
H-STREET FRONTAGES.
Several choice lots on this thoroughfare at
moderate prices and on eaay terms; get par-
ticulars at office.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$27,r>f«— Pacific ave. residence; elegant moderr
residence. 17 room?, 2 baths; all arrangements
for an up-to-date home; lot 37:6x122:6.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$37.500— Th<rd ft. corner; 137:6x137:6: store and
flats, (rood improvements; rents $250.
. $37,yv>— Fnlsom Bt. corner; manufacturing dis-
trict: 3 frontages: rents $170; lot 100x87:6.
$11.000— Rents $113; Castro st. corner; stores
and flats; lot 5^x80.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$32Si>— Rltch rt.; 5 flats; rents $42 50; lot 22xS0.
$6000— Rents $Go; Natoma Ft., near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flats above; lot 27x75.
RESIDENCE! PROPERTY.
$23,000— Price reduced; Washington st. resi-
dence, with fine marine view; large garden;
sun all day; lot 137:6xlS7:6; don"t fall to see
this property.
$275'>— Riehmrnd district; entirely new; 2 cot-
tage?: modern In every respect; easy terms.
$3350— Sunset district; 2 handsome new mod-
ern residences. Just completed; 6 rooms and
$4000— Steiner St., near Ellis; cottage 4 rooms;
lot :r.xoo.
VACANT LOTS.
$5000— Van Ness ave.; corner; 82x109.
Jla.O'W-Pi-esidio Heights; corner; «7:6xl27:8Vi:
fine marine view; choice residence lot.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
$o2?ft— Mill Valley cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
partlv finished attic; large lot: will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents,
C2i Market Ft., opp. Palace Hotel.
Established lb£8.
Post, near Jones; great future; lot 26:3x137:6;
sold to close an estate.
I $17.000 — FUlton et.. between Polk et. and Van
j Ness ave. ; lot 60x120 to As h ave.
$S.7X>— Capp St.. near Twenty-third; rents $65;
flats all rented; 87:6x122:6.
$£509 — Laundry: well leased; Lombard St.,
near Fillmore; 6S:9xl37:6.
! California et., adjoining corner Polk; lot BOx
| S7:6: must be sold to close estate.
I $1600— Cottage, nearly new; near Pacific and
Hyde; must sell.
JSOOO— McAllister St.. near Laguna: rents $57;
lot 26:6x120 to Locust ave.
JJ5P0— Harrison St.. near 10th; flats: rents $50;
only partially Improved: 75x100.
£5000^ — Baker et.. near Sacramento; 8 rooms
and bath; In perfect order; 25:6xlC2:6.
j3-no_pearl st., near Market: 8 rooms and
bath; 25xS0.
J2300— Bryant st.. near Seventh; two oottages;
rents $20; lot 20s $0.
$4250— Octavla st., near Halght: aa elegant
lot for modern flats; 37:8x100.
$3500— Greenwich St.. between Stockton and
Pcwfll; good house and lot 25:9x100.
$lfon — Day st.. near Church; cottage of S
rooms; lot" 25x114.
MADISON & BURKE.
625 Market st., opp. Palace Motel.
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
aicAIllfter st.. opposite City Hall: 50x87:8.
$16,000— Eddy St.. near Leavenworth; substan-
tial house; 27:Cxl37:6.
$4000— Guerrero et., near Market; t rooms and
bath; 2T.jclOO.
Potrero block; ¦well located for manufacturing
or warehouse purposes.
Broadway, near Gough; 6 rooms and bath;
25x130.
$3750— Guerrero et.. near Market: 8 rooms and
bath: SSxM): mortcage of $2400.
$5500— A bargain: Market st., near Church; 7
rooms and bath; 25x100.
Two neat cottaces of 5 rooms ana bath each;
liberal terms.
{6000 — second St.. near Brennan; store and
flat; 25xM>.
jjexk—coraer 21st and Colllngwood sts.; 27x75.
$121.0— Liberty Et.. near Dolores; 25x114.
tiw- Cottage of 7 rooms and bath; Sears St.,
Ocean View; part cash.
1150 — 4 lots in TTniverslty Homestead; 100x100.
$12KK-Lots on Bryant Bt.. near 17th; 25x100;
street acceptc-d.
Cheap lots on Installments; no Interest.
$100 CASH, balance like rent; new cottages; 4,
5 and 6 room* and bath; one block to elec-
tric car.
$200— Two very cheap lots at Ocean View;
each lot 2Sxl25.
$1100 — Street bltumlnlzod; bay window cot-
tage; H block to car; a snap.
McEWEN BROS., US Montgomery et
RAKTA FE. SANTA FE.
Terminue Sor.ta, Fe Railroad.
Passenc*H- travel starts July 1.
Get a lot before prices advance.
Fine, level lots. $K<0.
Terms $10 cash. $5 monthly.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery St.
Sole AKents Santa. Fe.
COFFEY, HUGHES & HERBST.630 Market st.
% w J*i0— Flats fronting G. G. Park; 6-6 r. & b.
$37'/i — Large corner: I'ark panhandle: bargain.
562^0 — Rents $64; Mission flats; good locality.
$C?r.O— HaiRht st.: 10 r. &. b. ; In tine condition.
$10,r/(O— Rents $97; new flats; near Van Ness.
$10,000— Mason st.; rents $78; want offer.
$20<v; — Rents $22; near Fourth and Harrison.
$1300 — Clay et., near Devisadero: 8 r. and bath^
$llffl — Fillmore St. lot; very cheap.
$3750— Geary st.; 6 rooms and bath.
$350'*— Elegant Van Ness ave. house; 10 r. A b.
$1100— Second ave.. near Lake; cheap lot.
BAROAIN— $625: $100 cash; balance $5 per
month on Installments: choice building lots on
Elizabeth street, between Douglass st. and
Hoffman ave.; size 2r.xll4; >4 block from elec-
tric car*: this location Is rapidly being built
up by nice new hou»=«s. and the lots offered
are the cheapest in the Micnion; ready f.»r
building: will give pops»?slon Immediately:
will arrange to build; Installment payment If
deMrec. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
AT a great hargaln. on easy terms, new 6
room and bath cottage on Hoffman ave., near
Elizabeth, Heyman Tract; call to-morrow for
Infraction : open all day. JACOB HEYMAN,
owner, 117 Sutter St.
PARK lots for sale on reasonHble terms, near
ocean bench (Carvllle). JACOB HEYMAN.
117 Sutter «t.
FIDCT..1TY REAL ESTATE CO.,
207 Montgomery street.
WE ADVERTISE BARGAIN'S ONLY.
Natoma st.. n*ar lFt : *^*S0; 2 houses; rent $40.
N. side Bryant, bet. 7th and sth: 12&X80.
fjjno — Liberty St., near I>oloree: 25x114.
$1050 — Church St., near Igth; 27xS8.
$1250— Cor. cn Sanchez, near 18th; 50x110.
$3000— Modern house of 8 rooms and bath; rent
$25: foreclosure.
$3100— Two frontages: pood Improvements;
near Second and Minna: rents $49.
Buena Vista ave. lot; 27xl&4; cheap.
Cheap lots. In Richmond.
FIDELITY REAL ESTATE CO.
..*• _y 207 Montgomery et.
$')000 ONLY for those elegant new houses; sa-
loon parlors; large dining-room; finished In
I solid oak: four bay-window bMrooms; sun In
every room; close to the Park: Carl street,
. near Stanyan. Owner on premises to-day;
terms If desired.
$4000— BARGAIN and sacrifice; I flnts; flrst-
claps Improvements: rents $31: pays i per cent
net: 2Sx*7:S. Apply R. McCOLOAN. 34 Mont-
gomery st., room S.
$4500— BLOCK In the Mission; on lines of 2 e!*c-
tric roads: ready to build on: a real bargain.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 1« Montgomery st.
AT HALF THEIR VALUE. "
Two beautiful level lots ready to build on; 150
feet from Mlrslon st. and electric car: to be
sold to the best offer obtained within a week.
For further particulars address box 6S8. Call.
SACRIFICE!! To close an estate: for sale,
house and lot: good neighborhood: must be
fold: fltuate on Lflrkln Rt.. near Filbert; sac-
rifice price $3500. For further particular* ap-
ply room 603, Examiner building.
GOOD substantial home In Western Addition
fcr sale: a bargain: lot 27V4xl37H- Box 870,
Call office. _^
LOOK!!— For sale; foreclosure house a'nd lot
In (rood condition: must be sold; price $30X>;
good chance for positive bargain. For further
Information apply room 603. Examiner bldg.
BARGAIN— $2200 cash, balance $1800 can remain
at 6 per cent; house of 6 flats; brick founda-
tion: 2 blocks from new City Hall: on small
street; Income $45 monthly. Box 6S2, Call.
HEAL 1STATE CITY — FOR SALE.
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$2000— Corner. 125x70; short distance from Mis-
sion st. cars: 2-story house of 7 rooms and
bath; brick foundation, etc.; sanitary
plumbing; fruit trees.
12750— Very cheap MiBslon home; nice two-story
bay-window houBe of 7 rooms and bath;
brick foundation, etc.; 25x114; sunny side
of street; Ms block from Castro-st. cars.
$3500— Rents. $540 per annum; 2 flats of 6 rooms
and lot near Third and Folsom sts.
$3500— Rents $486 per annum; Clara St.; 4 flats
- and lot 37:6x75. !
$J600— Rents $3G0 per annum: Park residence;
very cozy new modern house of 6 rooms
and bath and lot.
$4250— Rents 1420 per annum; Mission Warm
Belt; 2 flats of 5 and 4 rooms each; brick
foundation, etc.; 30x130; nice stable on
rear street.
J3000— Corner on Castro et.; 3 frontages: ( .>x250;
will cut Into 10 lots; this Is a, bargain;
small amount cash.
$6000— ReatB $510 r«*r annum; 2 nice modern flats
of 6 and 5 rooms and bath each; Oak St.,
short distance from Market; large lot.
$8000— Rents $792 per annum; 2 houses of 7 rooms
and bath each and lot 23x100; Devisudero
St.; must be sold to close an estate.
$6500— Rents $630 per annum; Western Addition:
2 good flats of 7 and 6 rooms and bath
each; 2r,x87:6.
$3400— Rents «3C0 per annum: to close an estate;
2 flats of 5 rooms oach and lot; Western
Addition.
$4100— Pacific ave.; elerant marine view resi-
dence; lot 27:6xl27:8»4; price greatly re-
duced.
New Pocket Map of San Francslco County 25c
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords. 11 which contains a list of properties for
Bale in every part of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
G. II. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
. AUCTION.
AUCTION.
At our Salesroom. MONDAY. June 25, 1900. at
12 o'clock, noon.
REFEREE SALE.
The following piece of property, by order of
Henry P. Umforen. sole referee (subject by con-
•flrmatlon by the court:
3 end 5 Centrnl place, off S. line of Pine St.,
near Kearny; improvements consist of 2 dwell-
ings; rents $30 per month: lot 32:Cx5S:7.
GREEN-ST. RESIDENCE.
2506 Green Ft.. S. line, near Scott — Elegant
modern residence, consisting of double parlors,
dining room, butler's pantry, billiard room and
several bedrooms; rented at $60 per month;
heating apparatus, complete; brick foundation,
etc.; lot 27:6x137:6.
6UTTER-ST. RESIDENCE.
1812 Butter st., N. line, near Buchanan— Bay-
window residence. 12 rooms and bath, laundry,
etc.; brick foundation, etone walk; street ac-
cepted: lot 31:4^x137:6; bank mortgage of $6000
at BVi t>er cent can remain.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
2413 Washington Bt., S. line, near Webster—
Modern residence, 11 rooms and bath, salon par-
lors, etc.; rent ?-.-2 CO per month ;i brick founda-
tion; cement walk; street bltumlnlzed and ac-
cepted: lot 2Cxll":8K.
CHOICE RESIDENCE NEAR PARK.
120 Lyon et., E. line, near Paire— Modern resi-
dence. 11 rooms and bath; concrete foundation,
cement walk; street accepted; lot 25x91:2.
CLAY-ST. INVESTMENT.
1115 Clay St.. S. line, near Mason— Improve-
ments consist of 6 tenements; rents $54 per
month; etreet accepted; lot 40x46.
MISSION HOME.
236 Clinton park, bet. Thirteenth and Four-
teenth. Guerrero and Dolores sts.— Two-story
bay-window house of 10 rooms and bath; lot
28x75.
MISSION HOME.
9 Pearl St.. bet. Market and Thirteenth, Va-
lencia and Guerrero sts.— Two-story dwelling of
6 rooms and bath; rent $20 per month; brick
foundation, etc.; lot 25xS0.
SPECULATORS. ATTENTION!
Outside Lands block 715— This desirable offer-
ing, only one block from the park; 240x600.
POTRERO INVESTMENT.
122 and 124 Utah St., bet. Alameda and Fif-
teenth—Improvements consist of 2 frame dwell-.
Ings of 6 rooms each; rents $17 per month: lot
122x102 (.Irregular).
SOUTHSIDE INVESTMENT.
245 and 245H Perry St., SE. line, bet. Fourth
and Fifth— Double house of 6 rooms each; rents
$24 per month; street accepted: lot 30x80.
SOUTHSIDE INVESTMENT.
247 Perry St.. SE. line, bet. Fourth and Fifth—
Two-story house of 7 rooms; rent $14 per month;
Street accepted; lot 20x80.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Thirteenth st., B. line, near Guerrero— Two
choice building lots, 25x90 each.
PARK BUILDING LOTS.
Ninth ave.. E. line, bet. H and I sts.. Sunset
district — Four lots, as a whole or separately.
This location Is rapidly improving and becoming
desirable residence property; adjacent to Oolden
Gate Park and handy to two car lines; lots 25x
120 each.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. II. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery street.
LYON & HOAO.
REAL ESTATE— INSURANCE.
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
14.600— Near Fillmore and Waller; Urge lot; S
frontages; i houses; rent $40; Improve-
ments In good repair; great bargain.
110,000 — Splendid investment: pays 7 per cent;
Slxteenth-st. business property, nrai
Valencia; extra large lot.
PAYS OVER 7 PER CENT.
114,000 — Rent $115: choice corner, north of and
within 3 blocks of Market and Van
Ness; 2-story building on corner; store
and flats; store has been occuuled by
tame tenant for years; new building; 2
new up-to-date flats adjoining; every-
thing rented: large lot.
CHEAP LOT.
$1,000— Waller St., between Shrader and Cole;
25x100.
$4.250 — Fine lot on Pacific ave., near Broder-
¦lck; 27:6x137:6; grand marine view.
NEW HOMES-LOW PRICES.
$500 cash, balance monthly; handsome new
houses on Clayton St., charmingly situated,
commanding pleasing view of Park and bay;
contain large reception halls, saloon parlors,
dining-room and kitchen on main floor; four
largo bedrooms with dressing rooms on second
floor: billiard end store rooms In basement; ail
the rooms are decorated; marble steps; latest
sanitary plumbing; big lots; cheapest houses in
the city; take Halght-st. or blue electric cars
on Eddy st.
FINE INVESTMENT!
$16.500 — Rent $135; choice corner investment In
Western Addition, not far from town; with
changes In buildings would pay even larger In-
come; large corner lot. has a total frontage of
over 190 feet; streets accepted; buildings good;
store., flats, etc.
A BUSINESS PROPERTY
AT GREAT BARGAIN.
$4000— All rented for $33; splendid business
property in Western Addition; good buildings;
steady tenants; bound to increase in value;
large lot; offer wanted; this Is a big bargain.
LYON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery st.
FOR BALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON.
323 Montgomery st.
$6,500— KW. cor. Hyde and Filbert sts. ; 60x137;
fine site for building; Hyde or Union
tst. cars.
$2,600— SE. cor. Larkln and Filbert; 41x02; fine
t>lte for home or flats.
$15,000— SW. cor. Green and Leavenworth sts.;
137x137; fcood dwelling, handsome
grounds: superb view all around; easy
of access from Union or Hyde st. cars.
118,000— Business property; Fillmore, near Cali-
fornia: stores and flats: rents $1450 per
annum: a ' business center for twenty
years.
$ll,M0— Geary, near Octavla; large lot; Im-
proved; rented low; $530 per annum; lot
alone worth the price.
HAWKS & 8KELTON, 323 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ. A BROTHER.
KOOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$450 to $800— Choicest Sunset lots; all bargains;
sewered and graded; ready to build on; $10
monthly.
$250 to $900— -Choicest Richmond building lots;
$10 monthly.
$100 to $250— Level building lots; near Mls^lon-
st. and San Mateo electric car line; $5 monthly.
$C50 to $1000— For small cottages In excellent
locations, near cars; payments same as rent.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
JOHN PFORR. 403 PINE 8T.,
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
17500— Jackson St., near Buchanan; lot 50:6x
128; Improved.
$20,MX>— Rent $1920 per annum; a fine property;
on O'Farrell St.; Inside of Larkln.
$3400— Rent $3C0 per annum; nothing to beat It
as a business property.
$8000— Rent $780 per annum; 4 fine flats on Fill-
more St.; lot 60x80.
$4000— Credit sale of nearly new house and 2Sx
110 lot: fronting on the Panhandle; only $1000
$5750— Rent $540 per annum; a nice business
property; on Geary st.: store and flats.
, $3000 each— Four splendid lots, 25x90 each, on
Thirteenth (formely Ridley) Bt., Just west of
Valencia.
$1500 each— Five lots, 25x70 each, on Clinton
Park, west of Valencia st.
HOUSE and lot; income $400 per year; win be
sold very reasonable. Call at 727 Clementina
st. after 6 p. m.
E ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S MARKET STREET.
ON INSTALLMENTS.
$850 and upward— Fine level lots on Hyde St.:
cars pass; an unobstructed marine view;
southeast cor. Hyde and North Point sts.
BUILDER'S CHANCE— NO CASH REQUIRED
PAY WHEN YOU SELL THEM.
Three lots on northeast corner in Mission Warm
Belt; sewer, gas and water connections;
electric cars pass: bitumen street.
Also 3 lota near Park Panhandle; fine marine
view; level, cement walk; ready for
building; on above terms.
ONE HALF BLOCK FROM NEW POST-
OFFICE.
$1800— Lot 25x75 feet; old house: 7 rooms.
NEAR FOURTH AND BRYANT STS.
$2000—8 flat3 of 4, 3, 3 rooms; rents $23 per
month; lot 20x80 ft.
POINT LOBOS AVE. FLATS.
$2500— Make offer; flat and store In good condi-
tion on Point Lobos ave., near Second
ave.; lot 25x100 ft.; rents $22 per month.
RENTS $420 PER ANNUM.
$3300—2 new modern flats of 5, 8 rooms and
bath: rents $35 per month; lot 25x105 ft.;
on Castro st.
FORCED SALE— TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$13,500— Lot 50x120 back to rear street: partially
Improved: rents $75 per month; on best
business block on Halght st.
$5800— REDUCED FROM $6500.
$1500 cash, balance Installments; 2 new modern
flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath; Clayton
St., near Panhandle.
$6750— Make offer; 3 modern flats of 8, 6, 7 rooms
and bath; rents $C00 per annum; lot 25x
137:6 ft.: on Grove st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. 63S Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
LEAVENWORTH. 517—2 sunny unfurnished
rooms; rent reasonable.
LINDEN" ave.. 324— Front sunny room for re-
spectable man and wife: use of kitchen.
MARKET. 133SP-1 sunny front connecting rms.,
water, range, $12 50; also rooms $4 to $15.
MINNA, 2S — Sunny furnished housekeeping and
single rooms, 75c and $1 per week.
MISSION, 1119 — Large light sunny room newly
furnished; can do light housekeeping.
MISSION, 1275—2 front and 1 rear connecting
rooms; furnished; coal stove; running water.
MISSION. 1723H. near Thirteenth— Nicely fur-
nished rooms: folding-bed, stove, bath, laun-
dry; $3 month.
OAK. 54— Sunny unfurnished and furnished
housekeeping rooms; stationary tubs; bath.
PIERCE. 47 — 1 or 2 sunny front rooms; accom-
modations for light housekeeping.
FOLK, 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms.
POLK, 1820—3 sunny connecting houseifeping
rooms furnished; baths, gas, garuon; $14.
POST. 972— Four furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; call 1 to 3, 7 to 8 p. m.
SILVER. 165, near Fourth"— Parlor and kitchen,
furnished for housekeeping.
THIRD. 233— Sunny front room; suitable for
housekeeping; very reasonable.
TURKJ 543— Sunny bedroom and kitchen com-
plete for housekeeping; gas stove, bath; 53 25
week.
WEBSTER, 711 — Large sunny parlor an>l
kitchen, unfurnished or partly furnished;
modern Improvements. ¦''.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencla sL
IIOOMS TO LET Kuril, and I'nfurn.
A^BRUNSWICK "•HOUSE! 143 Sixth— Rooms
Kc to *1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night. ;
BRODERICK. 1924, corner Sacramento— Fur-
nished bedroom, dining-room, kitchen.
CAROLINA. 425— Two unfurnished rooms. $5;
nice for old couple; take Eighth st. cars.
CALIFORNIA, 832, near Powell— Handsomely
furnished parlors or rooms: sunny; fine views.
CLEMENTINA. 434%— Large furnished room In
private family; $3 month.
BURNETT, 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nish rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
EDDY, 732, near Polk — $7: sunny rooms for
gentlemen; bath, gas. phone; breakfast; reas.
ELLIS, 51S— Newly furnished rooms for genta
or cents and wives seeking permanent loca-
tlon.
FOLSOM, S20, near Fourth— Furnished rooms, *1
per week.
FOLSOM. 963. cor. 8th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished gunnv rooTia. single or suites; reasonbl.
FOURTH. 222Vi— Nicely furnished bay-window
and single rooms: moderate; quiet.
GEARY, 3S4 — Pleasant room; double bed; rent
$6. ;
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms: mites or single; travelers acco'dated.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1404—2 bedrooms, nicely
furnished; suitable for 4 people.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunoy rooms, en suite or
tingle; ladles' parlor: reading room: elevator.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single: tran-
tlent; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. 9S3. cor. 6th— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms reasonable; by day, week or month.
JACKSON, 1364— Large sunny alcove room, suit-
able for 2; bath, gas.
LARKIN. 619>*— To let; five sunny rooms; no
bath.
LARKIN, 1004, near Post— Newly furnished
gunny rooms; light housekpg; small rma, ; $4.
LARKIN. 1604—2 sunny front rooms; also US3
of kitchen and yard.
LEAVENWORTH. 405, near Ellis— Sunny fur-
nlshed hall room; $6 month.
MARTHA place, 6, off Geary, bet. Taylor and
Ha.'on — 1 large sunny front room; also front.
MCALLISTER, 110V4 — Room suitable for two;
bath and gas; rent $8. _
MINNA. 6S7. cor. Elshth— New furnished bay-
window room. II per week: transient.
NEW Arlington. 1015 Market— Nicely furnished
rooms: 35c a day up: $2 a week up; transient.
OFARREL.L, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
PIERCE, 47— Sunny front room, suitable for
1 or 2 gentlemen; rent reasonable. j
POST 239 — Bohemia: finest sunny rooms In city
for families and gentlemen: all conveniences;
references from the best people tn city.
POWELL,. 121— Light, clean rms.. suites or sln-
rle; transient; running water; rates reduced.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Room »,
night. 25c to jl: week, $1 25 to $4: open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 12S Ellis St.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles"
parlor; rooms, per night, 85c to II 50; week 13
to $S; month $S to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH. 112— Nicely furnished rooms; sunny;
with use of bath.
SEVENTEENTH, 3739—2 or S furnished house-
keeping rooms; $10 to $13; one party adults.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
FHOTWELL. 736, near 22d— 1 sunny front bed-
room: furnished or unfurnished: 13 a month.
SIXTH. 119A — Sunny bay window rooms, $2 60 a
week; also single rooms.
SUTTER. 560— A large sunny front room and al-
cove nicely furnished- '
TAYLOR. 703. above Sutter — Furnished and un-
furnished rooms; sunny; very reasonable.
THE OAKS, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
THIRD, 263 — Neat single rooms, with electric
lights; 13. $4. $5 per month.
THIRD. 340— One single room. 13 month.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367. near Mission— Large.
clean, sunny, choice furnished housekeeping
suite; IIP. [
VALENCIA. 1102 — 3 sunny front rooms, com-
plete; kitchen; larjte oorch; washroom: $15.
ROOMS AXD nOAKO.
CALIFORNIA. S07 — An excellent opportunity to
secure particularly desirable accom. at mod-
est rates; special rates families; sunny rms.,
en suite or single; best table in Mn Francisco.
HOTEL SUTHERLAND. 791 Suttee— Choicest
location; finely furnished; superior table; ele-
vator; single rooms, with board, |30 up; suits
In proportion.
SUTTER. 1611. near Cosmos Club— Three sunny
nicely furnished modern rooms; private fam-
ily; board If desired.
THE BRADBURY, 1604 California— New modern
family hotel; excellent table: 100 beautifully
furnished rooms; moderate; phone Hyde 2771.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3377. nnr Mission— Nicely
furnished sunny rooms, with or without
board, at very reasonable prices.
FRANKLIN. 503. corner Fulton— Sunny front
rooms; bath: raa; breakfast and dinner: pri-
vate^ ¦-
EDDY, 61£-Slngle or double rooms, with or
without board; private family: reasonable.
LAS FALMAS. 1S2O Market st.— Suite of 2 or 1
rms.: private: bath: Fin. rms.: board optional.
ROOMS A\D I1OARD WANTED.
AN elderly gentleman wishes room and -board
In Swedish or Norwegian family; not outside
Franklin Ft. 226 Lily ave.
FRONT suite and board man and wife; central;
reasonable. Box 679. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
BY July 8, ! or 3 nicely furn. sunny rooms by
young married couple for light hskpg: north
Market: refs. exch.; reasonable. Box 200, Call.
BY a couple, 2 or S furnished rooms for house-
keeping: private family; state terms. Box
664. Call office.
SPECIAL S|pTICES.
LADIES — Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pill«
are the best; safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4e stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," In letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
PILES— PETER FREILINGS pile salve. $1 per
box; warranted to cure ail cases of bleetling,
. Itching, external, internal or protruding piles
without fall, no matter of how long- standing.
162S Devlsadero st.. near Sutter. .
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third..
BAD tenants ejected for $1: collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery «t.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
SEWI.NG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
155 MODERN sewing machine with attach-
ments, never been used. 125. ¦ 1564 Jackson st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
- .teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Misaion. nr. 15th.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plier. Standard Agency. 14$ tth; phone Mint 4).
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
recalrlnc at lowest rates. 2C5 Fourth. «t^
URAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
CA"I'm sorry I ever saw you! you are so" —
Tommy (going out) — It's all right; I
think I know how wars besin.— Los An
geles Graphic.
"Mamma, how do wars begin?"
"Well, suppose the English hauled down
the American flag and that the Ameri
cans" —
Here Tommy's father Intervened.
"My dear," he said, "the English would
not" —
Mother — Excuse me, they would —
"Now, dear, who ever heard of such a
thing?"
"Pray do not Interrupt!"
"But you are giving Tommy a wrong
Idea."
"I'm not, sir!"
"You are. madam!"
"Don't call me madam! I won't allow
you!"
"I'll call you what I choose!"
Tommy was reading the war news.
"When he finished he came over to his
mother and said:
One morning the readers of an es
teemed contemporary were perplexed to
see in type the announcement that "The
Scotus handed down an important decision
yesterday." The afternoon paper of the
town, with whom the morning paper for
years had held a bitter controversy, inter
esting none but themselves, laughed that
dav, as the poets say, "in ghoulish glee,"
and It was up to the morning paper the
next day to explain that "the types" made
them say that the Scotus did so and so,
when the telegraph editor should have
known that that word was merely the ab
breviation of the telegrapher for Supreme
Court of the United States.
One Sunday a preacher at McKees
Rocks. Pa., took for his text, "Be ye
therefore steadfast," which being inter
preted in the weekly paper, meant, "Be
ye there for breakfast/'
It was the mistake of the makeup man
that put a face powder puff between two
death notices, and the telegraph editor,
who stayed late that morning, saw it and
had it routed out of the stereotype plate.
Style is everything in a newspaper office,
and some papers spell "theatre," "cen
tre," "livre" and so on with a final er.
That is why O!*e of these papers a while
ago announced that a celebrated French
actor received a salary of "300 livers.
It would be a long story to tell In detail
how mixups happen, but that they really
do happen can be doubted by no news
paper man whose knowledge of the busi
ness ever led him to explorations of the
mysteries of the composing room, as well
as the somewhat intricate mazes of the
editorial room. And so this heartbreaking
account of a marriage may. be vouched
for as an actual occurxence: •"' '
"The church was finely decorated with
holly and evergreen, and the altar was
entirely hidden in a wealth of ilowers.
Out of the recesses rose rare tropical
plants, and from the celling hung fifteen
Western veals, which Just at the- time of
year are scarce and correspondingly dear,
at 6S8M.C per lb. There was also an ac
tive demand for choice lambs, and farm
ers living east of the Mississippi River
can now profitably turn to sheep raising
and take the bride, who wore a gown of
white corded silk, a creation of Worth s
with pearl ornaments.
"Then came the maid of honor, the
cousin of the bride, a Miss Henrietta
Blower of Chicago, wearing a dress of
white tulle, with diamond ornaments, and
she was closely followed by a small
bunch of Montana sheep, which bleated
most piteously as they were driven on
board and shipped to the winter hotels in
Bermuda, , ,
"They will there be cut en tralne and
slightly decolette, and after the remainder
of the party had reached- the rail the
minister turned- and said in a most im
pressive voice, 'I cannot bid more than
6^4 cents for state veals, but cablegrams
from London quote refrigerated beef at
a price that will enable me to pay $4 90
for a car of choice Indiana beeves, and
hearing this there was a rush, for the
young married couple, and the bride fell
into the arms of her father, who is
known to bear a very striking resem
blance to a Connecticut ox weighing 1873
pounds. The market here took an upward
turn, and advanced Iiffi2c. and the guests,
who numbered about 200, were served with
a sumptuous dinner at the house of the
brides
'•That's all right, Billy. You had that
mixed up with your turf stuff; but I
straightened It out for you."
"But why didn't you let it go as I wrote
It?" persisted the editor.
"I' couldn't," was the reply. "Who ever
heard of nsh running?"
Sometimes the proofreader fails to cor
rect, and sometimes he doth correct too
much. The sporting editor of a San Fran
cisco newspaper had among his notes an
item which said: "The young salmon are
beginning to run." The next morning the
statement was printed on his page that
••The young salmon are beginning to
swim." When the .editor asked how it
happened, the proofreader said cheerily:
The style on that paper called for ex
pressing the hours by figures, so when the
"ad" appeared It read like this:
From 8:"0 to 10:30
You laugh and laugh and laugh again.
From half-past eight till half-past ten
You laugh and laugh and laugh again.
Dreadful execution is done sometimes
by the man behind the types, says the
Mail and Express. Once a newspaper man
wrote an "ad" for a theater, and in it
said:
FREAKS OF THE TYPE.
The twenty-sixth anniversary of the
foynding of the Independent Order of For
esters was observed by the representa
tives of the order In Los Angeles in the
Simpson Auditorium last Sunday. George
A. McElfresh, high chief ranger of Cali
fornia, presided. The programme includ
ed an organ voluntary oy Professor F. H.'
Colby; prayer, F. M. Parker, P. H. C. R.;
anniversary ode by the audience; reading
of the proclamation, Companion Miss E.
M. Nevell; "The Principles of the Order."
High Secretary W. H. Ferry] "Teachings
of the Principles of the Order,". High
Treasurer William E. Reaves: "Cantante
Independent Foresters.
Mayflower Lodge had a good meeting
last Thursdaj- night, and during the even
ing three candidates were Initiated by
President Mrs. Blackall, assisted by her
corps of officers. This lodge has been
making good progress of late. . At the
meeting named committees were appoint
ed to report on the applications of six
who desire to join.
National Aid Association.
Secretary Pohlman reports that the re
cent picnic given by San Francisco Aerie
will net a good profit to. the treasury. ,
The picnic recently given by San Jose
Aerie was a great success, and much of
this success was due to the energetic ef
forts of Dan Riordan, Harry Wagner,
James A. Kidvvard, Chief of Police; Frank
Cheek, John Gullteneon, Ed Popp, James
Wood and C. H. Cory.
Deputy Grand President J. M. Cheetman
and Gus Pohlman, secretary of San Fran
cisco Aerie, /were in Vallejo last week,
where they laid the foundation for a new
aerie to be instituted in that city to-day..
J. L. Herget haa been commissioned dep
uty grand president for Golden Gate Aerie.
This aerie at its last held meeting initiated
seven strangers In the presence of a large
number of members of the order, includ
ing A. C. Berthier. E. Lw Wagner, Gus
Pohlman and H. Funers, each of whom
had something interesting to say under
good of the order.
San Francisco Aerie No. 5 at its last
held meeting admitted fourteen by Initia
tion and received the applications of
eleven strangers who want to wear eagle's
wings. This aerie has under consideration
a proposition to secure a hall for It3 ex
clusive use. If unable to secure a- lease
of such quarters arrangements will be
made to purchase a lot and build a hall.
Fraternal Eagles.
Mrs. Kudocla S. Moffatt, deputy supreme
commander for the West and State com
mander for California, has instituted Dos
Palos Hive of the Ladles of - the Macca
bees at Dos Palos. The following are the
officers chosen for the first term: Vic
toria Armstrong, past lady commander;
Anna Hoyle, lady commander; Addie
Goodwin, lady lieutenant; Annie Busscll,
lady record keeper; Julia Brady, lady
finance keeper; Mary Pardee, lady chap
lain; Margaret Mltchel, lady sergeant;
Annie Christian, lady mlstress-at-arms;
Jennie^Champlain, lady sentinel; Bessie
Hadley, lady picket; Mary S. Ayers, first
banner-bearer; Ella E. Lowe, second, ban
ner-bearer; Zena Place, third banner
bearer; Polly Stocking, first color-bearer;
Caroline Christian, second color-bearer;
Callle Thomas, captain guards; Lizzie
Foreman, leader first platoon; Lillian
Haskins, leader second platoon; Vlra
Putney, musician; Dr. Wade of Los
Baxios, physician.
Ladies of the Maccabees.
The entertainment that was given last
Thursday night by Golden West Tent In
Golden Gate Hall was one of those affairs
that this tent has several times given and
which have always been voted most excel
lent. The programme was of the best,
and reflects credit upon the committee,
of which George Morgan was the chair
man. This tent always aims ,to keep up
Its reputation for being first class In Its
social functions, and the affair of Thurs
day night proves that it was up to the
standard.
San Francisco Tent will soon have its
annual contest banquet and the hustlers
and the rustlers of this subordinate are
working to secure the greatest number of
candidates, as each Is anxious that the
other shall pay for the supper, the rule
being that the side bringing in the least
number of candidates is to pay for the
banquet. ¦ S
There was a large number of the mem
bers of San Francisco Tent at the re
view on the 15th inst. After the disposi
tion of the regular business, ¦which Includ
ed balloting for a number of candidates,
the membership, In a body, paid a frater
nal visit to Pacific Tent in the Native
Sons' building. At that review It was an
nounced that the sitting tent and Golden
West Tent would Join with the visiting
Tent in securing a large hall suitable for
this order to be known as the Maccabees'
Temple.
Knights of the Maccabees.
Daughters of ' Liberty.
There was a large attendance in Laurel
Hall. Shlels building, last Monday night
Redwood Circle of the Women of Wood
craft at its last held meeting announced
that It had five strangers to initiate and
that there are twenty-seven applications
for membership to be acted upon. After
the work of the evening a light luncheon
was served to the members and visitors.
The officers of Redwood Circle will be
Installed on the second Tuesday in July,
and after the ceremony there will be an
"at home" for members of the order only.
Women I of "Woodcraft.
At the next meeting of California Castle
No. 1 of the Knights of the Golden Eagle,
which falls on the sixteenth anniversary,
the crusader degree will be conferred on
ftTte«n entitled to receive the same: then
taiero will be an election of officers for the
ensuing term, which will be followed by
a smoKer and a collation and refresh
ments. The new officers will be installed
on the night of the 11th of July by Dep
uty Supreme Chief W. O. Macdougall.
On the same evening a number of strang
ers will be given the;PilgTims' degree. Sir
Knights Josephl. McCall and Macdougall
have been named as the good of the order
committee of the castle.
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
The company of the uniform rank that
is being formed out of the membership of
Unity Lodge will be a troop of cavalry.
Nemo Lodge of Stockton on last Thurs
day night tendered a reception to Rep
resentative Maricn de Vries, who ia a
member of the lodee.
The lodge in Oakland will have a. public
Installation in that city on the night of
the I7th of July. Myrtle Lodge will have
a public installation of officers on the
night of the 16th of July.
Last Friday night the membership of
Golden City Lodge celebrated the anni
versary of its Institution by a banquet In
an O'Farrell-street dining hail, at which
Herman Schaffner, G. K. of R. and S.,
presided as toastmaster.
Knights of Pythias.
Tamalpais Camp had a very interesting 1
meeting last Monday night. Five candi
dates were initiated and seven applica
tions were received. The membership
feels very much encouraged with the man
ner In which tho camp is advancing.
There will bo a public installation of the
new officers on the 2d of July. • At tho
close of the ceremony there will be a pro
gramme of entertainment presented, a
number of -very talented people having
been secured for the occasion.
Golden Gate Camp is still advancing and
adding to its already largo roll of mem
bership. The applications have been so
numerous of late that it has been found
necessary to set apart special nights for
tho initiation of candidates in order to
keep up with the business. The meetings
are always largely attended, and they are
interesting . to all who are In sympathy
with "Woodcraft.
"Woodmen of the "World.
There was an official visit by grand offi
cers to Council Xo. 4 last Thursday night.
Grand officers will officially visit Phil
Sheridan Council on the 2Sth.
Up to last "Wednesday Tuba Council of
Marysville had initiated twenty-four ap
plicants for admission.
Golden Gate Council will have a picnic
on tho Fourth of July.
To-morrow night Henry Austin Adams
will deliver a lecture before Pioneer Coun
cil in Metropolitan Hall on "The Twen
tieth Century."
Young Men's Institute.
Preparations are being made for the
dedication in Oakland of the American
Foresters' building at Clay and Thir
teenth streets In the early part of July.
It will be one of the most attractive fra
ternal halls in the city across the bav.
American Foresters.
A new court of the Foresters of America
will soon be instituted at Bakersfleld by
Hugo Iv. Asher, grand chief rang-er.
During the absence in Oregon of Grand
Secretary Cordy. Jacob Label, editor of
the Forester Review and a member of
Court Aurora, is in charge and dlscharg.
ing the duties of the office as if It haa
been his life business.
•Domino," auditorium quartet; oration, J.
S. Thomson, M. A.; vocal solo in f "L., B,
and C," Mrs. F. H. Colby; "Foresters'
Anthem," by the audience, and benedic
tion and organ postlude.
Court Terba Buena at its last held meet-
Ing Initiated one stranger and installed
Senior Woodward Hoffman and Court
Deputy Otto G. Volkmann. This court
will be visited on the 3d of July by High
Chief Ranger McElfresh, on which occa
sion the Institution of the companion
court as auxiliary to Court Yerba Buena
will be completed.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
M S Nevis, Sacto
J Miller, Sacto
F Gay. San Jose
W K Mott, Merced
J E Hall, Stockton
J H McGregor & w,
San Jose
T B Ellis & w. Utah
Miss Kileon, Chicago
Z E Buckner, Sta Rosa
J R Uenson, 111
C H Smiley & w, Mass
|J Dixon lilsbee
jj.. R Reynolds & fra,
! San Diego
IP J Quaid. Tres Plnos
IT F Murtha, Tr Plnos
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
H W Carpenter. US.N
H Weltner. Chicago
C F McBurney. N Y
II C MePlke. Oakland
3 Rosenberg, Oakland
J F Peters, Stockton
\V H Routlidge & w,
Trinity
Mrs H C Stevenson, Cal
G Goldberg, N T
\V H Eagle, Chicago
F W Blossom & w, NT
P Brady. New York
F Darvill. Chicago
G H A Phillips & w,
Ventura
A Cohen & w. N Y
E W Britt. Los Anff
K L Manning, Mich
F U Silverwood. L Ang
W P Connell. Tenn
Mrs W Garig, I*a
Mips E Garlg. La
Mrs T W Anglin. Can
Miss Ang.in, Canada
II Miller New York
J M Proctor, Placervlll
,T P Jolles, Amsterdam
Mrs J Parrott, S Matco
C S Deatty, N Y
J B Macdougall. Wash
J II Glide Jr. Sacto
B Joseph, Chicago
Miss Martinot. N Y
GRAND HOTEL
P Pentleton. Saratoga !
IX H Blossom. Blossom!
tr A Graham, San Jose
W J Smith. Cal
S Crandall, L Angeles i
L C Swain. Panama
F A Grady. Vallejo
T B Grcnnan, Yallejo
E T Kawley, Idaho
B liarnar, London
A M Chaffey, L Ang
o a ¦uBp.tirnn.o a n
L II Torpley, w & s,
Portland
A H ponger, L Angeles,
E EjBiggs. Gridley
L F»Warner, Auburn i
J II Blandy. Riverside |
J C Edgar & w, S Qntn
B Brown, L Ang-
W Molen & w, Holllstr
M E Ellis & w, Gllroy
J II Curran, N Orleans
E T Hawley. Idaho
I C Saunders. Ohio
F Kraemer, New Tork
M Lawrence. Ohio
E S Lewis, Ohio
A Henry, Pa
H S Pelntress & w. Cal
Miss A Camubell, Cal
Mrs W C McCoy, Cal
J W Knox, Merced
W M Lightner, Mo
H M Uuncan, L Ang
J M Jones. Colusa
Morning— "Christ's First Contested Mir
acle." Evening— "They Sang a New Song."
Morning— Rev. G. B. Mclntosh will preach.
'"Daniel In Babylon." Eveninc — Rev. L.
W. Simmons will officiate.
Morning— "A New Name." Evening— "Post
Mortem Religion," with prelude on "The
Chinese Boxers."
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Father Prender
pust. Evening— Sermon by Rev. Father
Hannigan.
Morning— Rev. S. J. Rlordan. S. J., will
preach at 10:30 mass. Evening — Rev. Fath
er Mahoney, S. J., will preach after ves
pers.
Morning— Sermon by one of the Fathers at
11 o'clock mass. Evening— Sermon and ves
pers.
Morning— "The Call to Awake and Put on
Strength and Beauty." Evening— "Divine
l'ower With Human Impossibilities."
Moralngr — Presumptuous Prophets." Even
ing—"Thus Saith the Lord."
Morning— "The Motto and Theology of
Paul." Evening — "Signs of the Times aa
Seen In the Old World."
Morning— "Free, When Led by the Spirit."
Evening— "Our Citizenship In Heaven."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
—Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
— Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
—Same.
Morning— "Walking on the Sea— "Was It Mir
aculous or a Xatural Phenomenon?" Even
ing—"The Patriot for the Hour."
Morning— Rev. O. B. Smith of Oakland will
preach. Evening— Preaching by the pastor.
Morning— "The Will of God Revealing Unto
His Chosen." Evening— "Faith in Christ
the Work of God."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
— Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
—Same.
Morning — Preaching by the pastor. Evening
—"The World's Greatest Orator."
Morning— "The Live Church of God and
Her Living Errands of Love." Evening —
"The Great Soul of a Man and Its Great
Opportunities and Duties."
Morning— "Consider the Lilies." Evening—
"A Teacher From God."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening •
—Same.
Morning — "A Glimpse of the Other Shore." •
Evening— "Is the World Growing Better?" ¦
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening— .
Same.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Alexander Henry. •
Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
Morning — "Surpassing- Love." Evening— .
"How the Truth Breaks Fetters," with ¦
prelude on the S. S. convention.
Morning— "God's Cause" (rermon In Cer- •
man). Evening— "The Gospel Highway" ¦
(sermon In English).
Morning— Christian Science. Evening— No •
services.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. J. O. Davis of San
Jose. Evening— Same.
Afternoon— Rev. L. C. SanforJ. rector of ¦
St. John's, -will address meeting.
Morning— "Signs of the Times."
Evening— Mrs. Alice M. Best will speak on •
"The Path to Disclpleshlp."
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. Georsre Gibson.
First Free Baptist, Bush street, near Lar
kln. r '
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones— Rev.
E. A. Woods.
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rav. Father Prendergast.
V. G.
St. Ienatlus. Van' Ness avenue and Hayes
street — Jesuit Fathers.
St. Mary's. California and Dupont streets—
Paulist Fathers.
Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
avenue and Clement street— Rev. Philip
Coombe.
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
streets— Rev. II. T. Shepard.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
First Congregational, corner Post and
Mason streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Trinity, corner Bush and Gough streets —
Rev. Frederick W. Clampett.
First M. E.. Powell street, near Washing
ton — Rev. W. S. Urmy. "
Trinity Methodist, corner Market, Sixteenth
and Xoe streets— Rev. Theo. H. Woodward.
Howard-street M. E-, Howard street, be
tween Second and Third — Rev. John A.
B. Wileon.
California-street, corner California and
and Broderlck streets— Rev. A. C. Bane.
Potrero, Tennessee street, near Solano—
Rev. S. M. Woodward.
.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E.. South San Fran
cisco—Rev. Arthur Anderson.
Epworth, corner Church and Twenty-sixth
streets — Rev. W. M. Woodward. »
Grace M. E., corner Twenty-flrst and Capp
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Central Methodist, Mission street, between
Sixth and Seventh— Rev. S. D. Hutsin
piller.
Simpson Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu
chanan streets — Rev. John Stephens.
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue, be
tween Point Lobos avenue and Clement
etreet— Rev. A. E. Ulrlch.
Stewart Memorial. U. P.. Guerrero street,
near Twenty-third — Rev. W. E. L>ugan.
Firet Presbyterian, corner Van Ness ave
nue and Sacramento street— Rev. R. Mac
kenzie.
Calvary Presbyterian, corner Geary and
Powell streets— Rev. John Hemphill.
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
Webster streets — Rev. Eugene II. Avery.
Etnanuel Evangelical, corner Twelfth and
Stevenson streets— Rev. F. W. Fischer.
First Church of Christ, Sutter Btreet, be
tween Kearny street and Grant avenue —
The Bible and Science and Health. With
Key to the Scriptures.
First Christian, Twelfth street, near How
ard—Rev. F. S. Ford.
T. M. C. A.. Mason and Ellis streets— 1L
J. McCoy, secretary.
First Divine Science Church, Home College,
S3W Seventeenth street— M. E. Cramer,
pastor.
Theosophlcal Society — Odd Fellows' building.
It has been decided that the picnic of
the local lodges of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen shall be held on the
25th of July at Los Gatos. The park haa
in the past few months been put In first
class condition and a fine cinder track
has been added, so that all will have a
good run in the races that will be got
up. The affair will be under the direction
of Walter Malloy, chairman of tho gen
eral committee; M. J. Blackman, vice
chairman, J. Smith, treasurer, and the
committee on train and park, composed
of Will J. Beatty, J. Langensderfer, E.
Smith, M. J. Blackman, Gus Pohlman
and J. Kruse. The Golden Gate Park
Band will furnish the music for dancing,
and the events to be presented will be all
that can make a picnic agreeable.
Ancient Order of Workmen's Picnic.
Deputy Supreme Governor aL L. Asher
announced that since the previously held
chapter meeting fifteen new chapters had
been instituted in the East and that there
are good prospects for an additional chap
ter in this jurisdiction.
There was a large attendance of mem
bers at the meeting of San Francisco
Chapter of the American Guild last
Wednesday evening. The member of the
chapter who at the previous meeting an
nounced his intention of offering a reso
lution to the effect that a penalty of Jl
should be imposed on every member who
absented himself two successive meetings
without a constitutional excuse declined
to press the proposition, declaring that
after a careful study of the constitution
of the guild he had discovered that there
is no authority for imposing such a pen
alty. The guild appointed a committee,
of which Dr. de la Fontaine and Mrs. J.
R. Wear are members, to consider the
advisability of holding a social In the near
future and to report at the next meeting,
on the ISth of July.
The American Guild.
Robin Hood Circle at its meeting last
"Wednesday night initiated two strangers.
After the work of the evening Miss Alice
Ticoulet, the recording secretary, who at
the recent session of the Grand Circle
was elected grand sub-chief companion,
cave an interesting address, by which she
demonstrated her ability to flu the second
highest place in the order.
Inter Nos Circle at its meeting last
Tuesday night had a large attendance of
members and not a few viBitors. The del
egates to the Grand Circle presented an
interesting report of what was done at
the session of that body. Several propo
sitions for membership , were presented
and referred to committees. After the ses
sion there was a pleasant hour of social
entertainment and the serving of refresh
ments. The Inter Nos Social Club, com
posed of members of this circle, will have
a private picnic at the Estudillo House
picnic grounds to-day. On the 3d of July
the new officers of the circle will be in
stalled, and each member has been re
quested to bring friends along, as there la
to be a good time.
Golden Gate Circle has been advancing
in a remarkable degree of late. It haa
now a membership of eighty and at the
last held meeting three strangers filed
applications for initiation. J 1
American Companions.
Lincoln Lodge of the Frlend3 of the
Forest has decided that it3 officers shall
be installed on July 2 and that the In
stallation shall not be public.
On the 10th of July Pioneer Lodge will
celebrate the anniversary of Its Institu
tion by a banquet to the members. On
the night of the 17th the officers will b«
publicly installed, and after the ceremony
there will be a social in the lodgeroom In
the Foresters' building.
Last Thursday night the supreme offi
cers paid a visit to America Lodge and
there exemplified the work of the order.
Friends of the Forest.
There was a large number of ladles and
gentlemen in Uyrtle Hall of the Alcazar
building on the night of the 16th inst. to
attend the entertainment and social of Pa
cific Council No. 8 of the Order of Chosen
Friends. District Deputy Nicholson, who
acted as master of ceremonies, delivered
an interesting address during the evening
on the scope of the order aaid the work
that is being done at this time. The pro
gramme was made up of an instrumental
solo by Miss Alice McXevin; recitation,
iIi?sConera; vocal solo. Mrs. Levenberg;
recitation, William Goodrich: card tricks.
Mr. Jacobs, and piano duet. Miss Alice
and Miss Julia McNevin. Icecream and
cakes were served after the programme,
and then followed dancing. This was a
return entertainment by the ladies or tno
council for the one recently given by the
gentlemen to the ladles.
Grand Councilor Savage and Grand Re
corder Wallis paid a visit to Sacramento
Council last week. It being the occasion
of the anniversary of the institution of
the council. There was a very largo at
tendance in the hall, in which exercises
appropriate to the occasion were held.
Interesting addresses were delivered by
the visitors and by District Deputy Hart
ley
Grand Councilor Savage left for hia
home in San Pedro last Friday.
Order of Chosan. Friends.
The following was the programme given
at the "at home" of Franklin Circle of
the Companions of the Forest: Violin
solo, Miss C. B. Biddle. Miss Bertha V.
Benton accompanist; vocal solo, Irene
Scott, recitation; Robert Ingersoll; up-to
date songs, "Baby" Tracy, Miss Nell
Tracy accompanist: Cakewalk, Misses
Kmily Dearham and Ella Adams: vocal
solos, Mr. Jenkins, Miss Burns and Miss
Bell Dens. Eacvh number was well re
ceived, and after the programme there
was an adjournment to the tastefully dec
orated banquet room, where a collation
was enjoyed, after which a series of
games was inaugurated and a merry time
was had.
Supreme Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Falconer will institute a new circle at
Hopland on the 2Sth lnst.. with forty char
ter members. Two new circles are being
organized in Oakland and one in Los An-
The board of deputies will meet on the.
27th lnst. for the purpose of organizing
and arranging for the installation of of
iicors
During the past week the supreme
grand chief companion visited Loyal ana
Sherwood circles. To-morrow night she
will visit Mazzini Circle.
Companions of the Forest
Court Benicia recently initiated eleven
strangers. The membership of Court
Star of Suisun was pro?ent.
The Board of Deputies cf this city has
organized with M. Souza as president and
AV. C. Roberts as secretary. The board
has arranged dates for the installation
of the officers of the several local courts.
Court Apollo had a delightful excursion
on the bay tecently and all who were on
the vessel had a pleasant time.
High Chief Ranger Boehm during the
past week paid official visits to Courts
Santa Amanda, Star of tho Mission and
Alcatraz.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
At the meeting of the San Francisco
subordinate division of the Knights of the
Loyal Guard last Monday night. Captain
General Thomas K. Kase in the chair,
two strangers were admitted as charter
members. The division adopted by-laws
for its government and made arrange
ments to have full initiatory ceremonies
at the next meeting.
Knights of the Loyal Guard.
to enjoy the patriotic entertainment and
the dance that followed given by Califor
nia Council of the Daughters of Liberty
In celebration oi the anniversary of the
battle of Bunker Hill. There was patriot
ic music, patriotic decorations and a gocd
programme of dances, which was under
the direction cf Frederick Brewer, the
floor manager. The affair was planned by
the social committee, consisting of Misses
Edith Muhlner and Mabel Latherow and
Henry Hanson.
THE SAN FKAKUISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 1900.
30
Weefly Gall $1.00 wYeai
There are sixty turquoise mines in New
Mexico, producing last year $Ci25,000. The
famous mine at Carlllos Is controlled by
a New York firm.
HOSHOS UNE&^.&£
** _______ _ 3 K»API3 .40OO TOM
Mob'UIt tatlta* for Valparaiso and Hamburg
vlaUexlsan ports. Central. South, America, ato.
S. S. Serapis. 4000 tons, sails about July J.
1 ». 8PBICXW9 * MOa. CO. J*«ta. 114 Jmtp.^,^
A man walking day and night "without
resting; would take 428 days to journey
around the world. ,
Losses of farm animals for twelve
months ended March 1 last, from disease
and exposure, are given by the Govern-
ment at 7,500.000, worth $75,000,000— five-
sixths of which is preventable, the Gov-
ernment officials think.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OAKLAM) REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
S03 Broadway, Oakland.
12.CCP — W« xrin build a choice 6-room cottage;
nothing like tt In Oakland; large lot, 40,
43 or IrfttMfi fe^t; easily worth $3000.
{.'-"' to $6f>0 each — Choice residence lots in the
Central Land Company's Tract; street
•work all done: ready for building;
NOTHING CHEAPER can be had in
Oaklaud; we are the sole agents.
12,000 — Sacrificed on account of departure from
city; choice cottage and lot 50x100 on
Twenty-fourth ft near <irove; lot alone
wcrth price asked.
IJ.COO— Beautiful 6-room cottage; large lot; all
finished In Douglass fir; plans at office;
p-ircclain bath; open plumbing; gas
prau?, etc.
tr* per front foot — Choice corner lot on East
Fourteenth rt.; fine location for physi-
cian; 40 to 60 feet frontage.
JS.7S0 — Choice home in Peralta Heights: Ilan-
cver ave.. corner Newton; 70x105; 2-
ttcry. R rooms and bath; bank mort-
page tlTZO; formerly £&00; balance cash
or choice cottapre in exchange.
$3,000— Seven rooms; 2-etory; lot 30x100; west
side of Filbert st., near Eighth; former
price $1000.
$7,M0— Handsome 9-rooni cottage on Filbert St.,
bet. Fourteenth and Sixteenth; lot 50x
125; finely finished; beautiful mantela,
etc.; cost over $11,000.
$e,S0O— Beautiful home In Alameda. near Mor-
ton-et. ptatlon; lot 60x150; » rooms; con-
servatory, furnace, etc.; an Ideal home;
no mortgage; owner will take cottage
In part payment.
$1C,000— Choice heme, 10 rooms; fine cottage ad-
joining: owner will exchange fcr ranch
in N&pa. Sonoma or Contra Costa coun-
ties; Una income can be realized.
$1C,000— Wash: r.grton-st. business comer: 73x75;
Improved: income 170 per month under
lease; bar.k mortgage of 14000 can re-
main; balance city or country property.
$10,000— Rare bargain: 30 acres In Frultvale:
eu'.table for subdivision or for choice
cour.tr>' home; electric cars to Leona
JleigS.ts pass the property: fine views
of bay cities: will exchange for San
Krancisco property.
WLLIAM J. DINGEE,
903 Broadway, Oakland.
flflO CASH: monthly payments aylow rent till
paid for; modern new eoitagf of 4 rooms,
baih, pantry, closet*, high basement, brick
foundation; all fenced; fine well of water, all
first claw; 5 fine lots, one a corner; price, all
told. Ii*S; city water if dwtred: Ftreet macad-
amizod; nice homes all around: near 3 line* of
electric roads and fine echoolhouse and wide
avenue; no f<>g or cold winds here: Allendale
Tract, adjoining Eai>t Oakland. Call or send
for circular. 4.">5 Sevrnth tt.. near cor. Druad-
way, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner.
LOOK AT THIS. *
S16.C00. *16.000. I
Entire Mock. S'fhcSOO. on Sixth ave., between
Nineteenth and Twentieth sts.. East Oakland,
with elegant buildings; lot handsomely laid
out and terraced: improved with fountains,
rare trees, fiowert, lawn and shrubbery: com-
mands ma*minec-nt view of Oakland. l>ake Mer-
ritt. bay of ?an Francisco, Mount Tamalpais
and surrounding country; place has cost over
J40.000 and is the cheapest place In the State;
detailed d«*cription at office.
DAVID BUSH & SOX. 14 Post St.
52UOO— NEW Colonial house; right in the heart
of the city; no carfare; mighty neat; 5
rooms; bath; up to date; 3 minutes' walk to
jorrJ; street work complete; r<?aijy to walk
into; >=ce It. J. i*. MVERS, 1002 Broadway.
Oakland.
J24GO— CHEAP AT HSOQl »
Enerlifch houpe; near local station; 7 rooms
in the latest ldpae: location and neighborhood
the t*?s=t; tunnv; {food lot; space too limited
to extol its qualities; see it; first come first
aenred: carriage* at office. J. S. MYERS,
IMS Broadway. Oakland.
ilOIJEnx cottage -with barn on street between
Telegraph ave. Jind Grove St.; large lot; a
bargain for quick pal?: will trade fcr clear
vacant let. M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth and
Broadway.
WANTIcr* — Read trie: Want an 8-room house
In Ea?t Oakland or elsewhere; will give 11000
cash and a good property consisting of an 8-
room flat wcrth K000. all clear. Apply to AL-
1>EK CO.. IDS Broadway.
BLOCK 64. must b« eold. near I3d ave.. 17th at.,
Kart OaRiar.d: a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL, FWIFT. 1112 East tJU-
tpor.th Et.. Hast Oakland.
CIIEAPKST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, tent to any address la th«
United States cr Canada r-ne year for II,
r>f>ft»(r<» rsid.
OAKLAXD HOrSES TO LET.
6-ROOM modern cottage: on Tenth ave.; choice
location; nr,t reasonable.
Cottape of 9 rooms, cood stable, for rent in
Kast Oakland: near care, school and churches;
B. II. WELCH &CO.. 13S3 Fifth ave.
NICELY furnished 5-room lower flat In East
Oakland; convenient to cars and Etatlon.
». H. WELCH & CO.. 13S3 Fifth ave.
A WEEK'S news Tor 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
3G per**. In wrapper, for mailing, fl per year.
OAKLAND FX'RXISIIED COTTAGES.
TO let for three months— Furnished cottage;
Highland Tark, East Oakland; 6 large rooms;
pas. water, bath: delightful location; no fog
or wind; near 2 car lines: 1 hour from city.
O'l'.ourkf .V- .Tarkyon. 1W2 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOME for youn* people. Ftudents or business;
pi&no, rtc. : termB reasonable. Apply 912 Clay
tt. bf-fore 9 a. m. or after 6 p. m.
OAKLANU FLIIMTIRE FOR SALE.
AX ir.troiuotion to you from H. Schellhaa*. the
furniture dealer, llth ar.d Franklin. Oakland.
IJIVIIJCMJ NOTICES.
IIVMBOLTVr SartnKs and Loan Society, IS
Geary «.— The directors have declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 3.60 per cent
l>cr annum on t«rm and 3 per cent per an-
num on ordinary CPpoFits. payable on and
after July 2. li>00. ERXEST BRAND, Sec.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Mutual Savings Hank of
San Krancisco, 23 Post st. For the half
year enC'.ng June 30, 1900. a dividend has
bf- n declared at the rate of three <Z) per cent
j><t annum on all d>j>o«lts. free cf taxes", pay-
able on and aft*-r Monday, July 2, 1500
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice — Dividend No. 106 (fifty
cents p»»r Fhare) of the Oceanic Fteamshlp
Company will be payable at the office of the
cnmtar.y, "27 Market St., on and after MON-
DAY. July 2. 11O0. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday. June 26. 1900. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. II. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— San. Francisco Savings
Union. l?2 California ft., corner Webb— For
the half year rmling with the 3Cth of June
ir-00, a divJc^nri hae been declared at the rate
per annum of thre» and Fix-tenths (3 C-10) per
cent on term depntitsi nnd three (3) per cent
en ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after MONDAY July 2 1900
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice—The Germaii Pavings and
Loan BocHty. £26 California st.— For the half
year rtidins with June 30, 1H00, a dividend has
been c><-lared at the rate of three and one-
half <2H<> per cent per annum on all deposits,
free cf taxes, payable on and after MONDAY
J-ily 2. ifOO. GEO. TOURNY. Secretary.
TREASURY Department, Office of General Su-
perintendent U. S. Lifp-FaviRg Service Wash-
ington. D. C, June IS. WOO— Sealed proposals
will be received at this office until 2 o'clock
p. m. cf Thursday, the 12th day of July. 1900,
and then publicly opened, for furnishing sup-
r!ie« required for use of the Life-saving Ser-
vice for the fiscal year ending June 30. 1901 •
the euppllf-8 to be delivered at such points in
New York City. Grand Haven, Mich., and
San Francisco. Cal., as may be required, and
in the quantities named In the specifications
The supplies needed consist of beds and bed-
dinjr: block? and sheaves; cordage; crockery;
furniture; hardware: lamps. lanterns, etc I
lumbpr; medicines, etc.; paints, oils, etc.;
fhip chandlery: stoves, eta; tools and mis-
cellaneous article*; all of which are enumer-
ated in the specifications attached to the form
of bid. etc., which may be obtained upon ap-
plication to thi? office or to the Inspector of
Life-saving Stations. 1" State rt., New York
City: Superintendent Eleventh Life-saving
District. Grand Haven. Mich., and Superin-
tendent Twelfth Life-saving District. New
Appraisers' Stores, Fan Francisco. Cal. En-
velopes containing '- proposals should be ad-
dres«w>d to the "General Superintendent U
8 Lifo-saving; Service. Vfa»hin»rton, D. C,"
and marked on the outside "Proposal for An-
nual Supplies." The right is reserved to re-
ject any cr all bids, and to waive defects, if
deemed for the interests of the Government.
nOIlACE L. PIPER. Acting General Super-
intendent.
'KOPOSALS for State Prison supplies— Bids
will be received. by the State Board ef Prison
directors at San Quentin. up to the hour
cf 10 "30 a. ta. of July 7, 1900. for supplying
the State Prison at San Quentln with coal
fcr the ensuing fiscal year. A certified check
eaual to 10 per cent of the bid, payable to the
1 resident of the board, must accompany each
bid Schedules and conditions to be had on
appncatlcn R tO M the r clerk. EB:^ i)
j. V. ELLIS. Oerk.
CHEAPEST and beet In Amerlca-The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
V^ited States or Canada one year for JL
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Euccesscrs to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth at. Tel. South 167.
rCHEBAI. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER8.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
9. S. AUSTRALIA^Honolulu only>.
8 B* "MOAN A (via Honolulu) to NEW Zea-
land and Australia July 11. 8 p. rn.
L O. SPRECKELS& BROS. CO.. Aats^ i!4 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight 0 ftce.327 Market St.
C0XPAQKIB GENERALS TRAIfSATLASTIfirJE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Salllr.e every Thur?i!aj- Instead of -C3j£i>>
Saturday, from November 2. 1SO!>. at •— «»¦¦»,
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot oC
Morton st. L/AQUITAIXE. June 23; La.
TOURAIXE. July 5; I.A LOKRAINE, July 12;
LA BRETAGNE. July 19. First class to Havre.
JS2 M> upward. Second class to Havre. $55 and
upward: o per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL. AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 33 Broadway (Hudson Build-
Ing). New York. J. F. FXfiAZI & CO.. Pacifla
Coast Agents. 5 Montromery avenue. Saa Fran-
Cisco.
General Affent.
AVERY,
Ronnd-trlp tickets at reduced rates. Tor
fr<£?ht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
STEAMERS WlXi, LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at In. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hioso), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hcngkon* with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
SS.*NipFd>T MARU Tuesday. July V). XXO
SS. AMERICA MARU „
Friday. August 3. 13C0
ES. HONGKOXO MARU
•-.; ¦Wednesday. August 23
TOYO KISEN KAISHL
AMERICAN LINE.
mew toss, soxtehaxptox. lostoox pasix \
Stopping at Cherbonnc. westbound.
From New York every "Wednesday. 19 a. m.
St. Paul June2T|?Jew York.— July H
St. Louis.... July 4' St, Faul July 13
RED STAf? LIME.
New York cq<1 Antwerp
From JTew York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Westernland ...June CTiNoordland ._ ...July tt
Kensington July *! Frlrsland July IA
IMTEIIXATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO.
2) Montgomery street
EMPIRE LINE,
S. S. "OHIO." from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael. May 24th. Subsequent «alllnrs from
Seattle to Nome, St. Michael and Yukon Rtver
Points. June 30. July 21. August NX For ratea
and other Information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
30 Montgomery street.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply ta
KIMBAI J. STEAMSHIP CO..
220 Market St.. San Fntsdsco.
ABOUT AUGUST 1.
JOHN S. KIMBALL,
Twenty-five hundred tons' displacement.
The decant. Commodious. Fast At Passen-
ger Steamship
NOTVIE,
PORT CLARENCE, CAPE YORK AND
SAFETY HARBOR
Tin Dlssatcn for
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
THE ALASKA EIPLORATM CO.,
139 POST ST.
Connections at ST. MICHAEL for DAW30N
and all TtTKON RIVER POINT3.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
ABOUT JULY 1st,
1800 tons register.
S. S. NOME CITY,
The elegant, fast. At new passenger steamer.
NOME DIRECT
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
CyF"riends and acquaintances ore respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
( Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 7 Calhoun street, off Montgomery,
thence to St. Francis Church fcr services at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HISGEN— In this city. June 21. 1900, E. C. His-
e»n beloved husband of Catherine Hlsgen,
a native of Albany, N. Y., aged SO years 1
month and 13 days. A member of Oriental
Rebekah Lodge No. 90. I. O. O. F. (Albany
and Ho«ton papers please copy.)
O' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1307 Webster street, thence to Odd
Fellows' Hall, where services will be held un-
der the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge No.
VA. I. O. O. F. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
ORIENTAL Rebekah Lodge No. 90, L O. O. F.
Officers and members: Tou are requested to
assemble In Prospect Hall this day (Sun-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, to attend the funeral of
cur late brother, E. C. Hisgen.
MARGUERITE DERBY. N. O.
JAMISON— In this city, June 21. 1900. James J.,
dearly beloved husband of Mabel E. Jami-
son and only brother of Mrs. Captain R.
Jones of Petaluma, Cal.. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 42 years. Recording secretary
California Parlor No. 1. and assistant grand
secretary Grand Parlor. N. S. G. \V.
ryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sundav). at 1:30 o'clock, from Native Sons'
Hall ii* Mason street, under the auspices of
California Parlor No. 1. N. S. G. \V. Re-
mains can be viewed at the hall after 10
a. m. Sunday. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
KYER-— In Oakland. June 23. 1900. at M4
Twenty-sixth avenue. Sarah, • beloved wife of
Charles Kyer, and mother of Mario, Jennie,
George, John and Robert Kyer, a native of
Canada, aged 68 years 6 months and C days.
LEVISON— In thl3 city, June 20. 1900, ' Louis,
beloved husband of Sophia Levison, and father
of Dr. Hugo A. Levison. a native of Ger-
many, aged 6S years
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., S46 Mission street. Interment
I. o. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
LIEREnMAN— In this city, June 23. 1900, Theo-
dor Lieberman, a native of Breslau, Germany,
aged CO years 1 month and 14 days.
[CT'Notlce of funeral hereafter. "
McCALL— In this cit^ June 23, 1900. on board
Urltlsh ship Elmhurst, Edward McCall, late
of Liverpool. England, a native of Scotland,
ared 12 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
AHLBORN— In this city. June 20. 1900. Henry
Ahlborn, beloved husband of Tereea Ahlborn,
father of Albert and Charles Ahlborn, and
brother of Wilhelm. August and the late
Charles Ahlborn. a native of Lengern. Han-
over Germany, need C6 years and 6 months. A
member of the German Krieger Verein and
San Francisco Turn Vereln.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from li'nal B'rlth
Hall, 121 Kd.ly street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of the German
Krieger Verein. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of II. P. Peter-
sen & Co.. 223 McAllister street.
AHRENS— In this city. June 22. 1000. Diedrich,
beloved husband of Margarethe Ahrens. and
father of Mctha and Willie Ahrens, a native
of Kchlen. Hanover, Germany, aged ES years
and 1 month.
C7Tnra<]s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O. O. P.
Cemetery-
BARATI— In the City and County Hospital,
June 23, 1W0. Steve Barati, a native of Switz-
erland, aeed SO years.
BURNHAM— In Oakland. June 23, 1900, Ger-
trude E. beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs
A M. Burnham. a native of Oakland, Cal.,
aged 13 years and 2S days.
CLINTON— In Stockton, June 22. 1900, Alice,
beloved daughter of Rose and the late Thomas
Clinton, and sister of Joseph Clinton. Mrs.
John O'Rourke and Mrs. John O'Connor, a
native o£ County Armagh. Ireland, a&ed 43
years.
[pTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
rej>ose of her soul, commencing at 'J o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Cl'LLEN- In this city. June 23. 1900, Edna A..
beloved and only daughter of James T. and
Nellie D. Cullen, and sister of Frank A.
Cullen. a native of San Francisco, aged 6
years € months and 10 days.
GitlFFIN— In Martinez, June 21, 1900, Alice,
beloved wife of the late Thomas Grif-
fin, and mother of Mrs. S. Potter and George,
May and Eva Griffin, a native of Dublin, Ire-
land aged 74 vears and 5 months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence in Martinez.
HANSEN— In this city. June 23, 1900, Captain
Edward Hansen, beloved husband of Mollie
Hansen, father of Dasrnar Hansen. and
brother of Charles Han*en, a native of Den-
mark aged i» years anil 6 months.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Clark & Booth. Sacramento. Interment at
Sacramento. _ .
HILL— In this city, June 21, 1900, Thomas, be-
loved husband cf Ellen Hill, father of Mrs.
AW Gudehus and the late John T.. Timothy
W. and Mary E. C. Hill, and grandfather of
Frieda Gudehus, a native of Aherloe Glln,
County Ttpperary. Ireland, aged 58 years and
C months.
Grlffln. Alice mew
liansen. Captain E. Echroeder. Christian
Hill, Thomas Fteele, Jchn J.
HifCen. E. C. Wallace, Walter C.
'Jamison, James J. Wobber, Mathilda
Kyer, Parah
DIED.
Ahlborn! Henry Levison. Louis
Ahrens. Diedrich Lieberman. Theodor
liarati. Steve McCall. Edward
Burnham, Gertrude McCarthy, Lulu E.
Clinton, Alice McGowan, John
Cullen. Edna A. Minahan, Bartholo-
EAQC S< 2 First Class including Berth
lAnC S8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OK CALITORXIA sails
Jun» 22, July 3
COLUMBIA Ba!l« June 27. July 7
Short line to "Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points tn the Xorthwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C WARD. General Agent.
G3<> Market etreet,
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
P > OPLTX J -A.3STID
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
MARRIED.
ANDERSEN— MOGENSEN— In Oakland. June
20. 1900. by the Rev. O. Groensberg, August
K. Anderfe-n and Sophi; B. Mosensen.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m Steamers leave Broadway
kC wharf, San Francisco:
5gjfc»_. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. in..
M^sSjV June 2:.. 30. July 5. Change to
*feii?J*jg»»"^ ccir.par.y's steamers at Seattle
i§W *53\¥ra For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
CfsfiB*! 5R~4 C), Port Tjwnsend, Seattle.
Taccma. Everett. Anaccrtes.
/ **4BSSaal and New "Whateom ("Wash.)—
11 a. m.. June 25. 30. July 5.
and every fifth day thereafter;
charge at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. R'y.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 10 a. m.. Jun«
22, 27. July 2. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Crui. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
neos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota,
Banta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneroe. San Pedro.
East Ban Pedro (Los Ancelea) and Newport—
9 a. m., June 24, 23. July 2. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Dleso. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblsoo). Santa Barbara, - Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m.. June 22, 26, 30, July 4. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jom del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)- — 10 a. m.. "to of each.
For further Information obtain company* s
folders.
The company reserves th* right to chang*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT OKKICE — 4 New Montgomery
Btreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIN'3 & CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
FRAXKLIX— In this city, June 19, 1900, to the
wife of R. E. Franklin, a sen.
HUBINETTE-In this city, June 22, WOO. to the
wife of Edward R. Hubinette, a daughter.
HCGHES-ln this city, June 11. 1900. to the
wife of Joseph S. Hughes, a daughter.
KROX-In thk* city. June 16. 1900. to the wife
of David Kro ». a son.
XTMAX-ln this city, to the wife of Gus Ny-
man. a daushter.
OBERST— In this city. June 14. 1SC0, to the wife
of Frank J. Oberst. a daughter.
PRIES-In this city. June 21, 1SC0, to the wife
of J. A. Pries, a son.
TEETER-In this city. June 16, 1900, to the
wife of F. K. Teeter Jr.. a sen.
VAX NOSTRAND— In this city, June 14, 1900.
to the wife of F. B. Van Xostrand of Ala-
meda. a son.
BARTHOLD— In this city. June IS, 1900, to the.
wife of E. B. Barthold, a eon.
BOROWSKY— In this city, June 8. 1900. to the
¦wife of George F. Boroweky, a daughter.
COX— In Oakland. June 23. 1900, to the wife of
Thomas A. C. Cox. a son.
CREIGHTOX-In this city, June 21. 1900. to the
wife of D. J. Crelghton, a son.
DAVI&-In this city. June IS: 1900. to the wife
BORN.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Fon
KOYUKUK and DAWSON.
ST. MICHAEL
And 411 Points on YUKON 8IVER to
S. S. PORTLAND
Will Sail About - - - July 1st
AND
S. S. ST- PAUL
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPAHY,
310 SANSOMfi STREET. %
Th« following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Louis Yullch, 27, 235% Minna street, and An-
nie O'Donnell, 28. 229 Minna Btreet.
James Evans, 36. 7&3V4 Third street, and Etfle
Harrison. S3. 201 Seventh avenue.
Piorre IU-KtX'der. 26, 20 Collingwooa street,
and Marianne Idiart, 22, 44 Diamond Etreet.
George O. Roomet, 40, Belmont, and Edith F.
Vandre. 20. Ocean View.
Oscar A. Rchlam, SS. 2 Regan place, and Ame-
lia R. J. Krill. 23. 2 Jtegan place.
John F. McCarthy. 34. 1030 Valencia street,
and May Bolan. 24, 3027 Twentieth street.
Harold A. Vivian. 24. 736 Ellis Ftreot, and
Gertrude It. Ppellan. 24. S16 Kills street.
Charles M. ClauPFPn. 3". lllSVi Florida street.
and Lydia X. G. Krull. IS. 1310 Alabajua Btreet.
Ernest H. Labat. 23. 113 Leavenworth street,
and Clara G. Dunne. 22. &»i Dale place.
William Tolman. Cl. 47 Fo*t street, and Annie
ArrrEtrong, 25. SIC Larkln street.
Charles J. Hoffmenn. 23, Thirty-second ave-
nup. South Pan Francisco, and Mary A. Leech,
25, 3251 Tv...iy-ninth avenue. South San Fran-
dkao.
Robert 13. Patterson. 29. Haywards. and Mary
T. Murray, 26, Plrasanton.
William H. Lenhoff. 26, 1701 Octavla street,
and Marie Lnmarque, 21, 1S0S Bush Btreet.
Henry A. Mocre. 43. 1037 Minna street, and
Christina Jorstenscn. 31. 3 Vernon place.
Louis Kellner. 28. 124 Ash avenue, and Lottie
Lafpe. 20. 2CT4 Twenty-second street.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
CCEAN TEAVEL.
fcyFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence, 241C Eagle avenue, Alameda. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San Francisco.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his aunt. Mrs. William Merkelback, 52
Chesley street, between Harrison and Bry-
ant, Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
WALLACE— In the City and County Hospital,
June 23, 1800, Walter C. Wallace, a native of
Ohio, aged 70 years.
WOBBER— In Alameda, Cal.. June 22. 1900,
Mathilda, dearly beloved wife of Peter W.
Wobber. dearly belovedjnother of Mrs. Mar-
tin Rathjen and Hugo, Peter, Oscar and Har-
old Wobber, daughter of Mrs. S. Buck, and
sister of Henry, William, Herman and Adolph
Buck, a native of Hanover. Germany, aged
54 years 11. months and 27 days. (.New York
papers please copy.)
CT'Fnends and acquaintances and members
of the Nordtleutrcher Vereln are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral this day tSun-
Uay), at 1 o'clock, from his late residence, 1056
Sacramento street, between Powell and Ma*
son, thence to Odd Fellows' Hall, comei
Market and Seventh streets, where the fu-
neral . tervic«i will be held under the aus-
pices of Western Addition 1-odge No. 2S5,
I. O. O. F., at 2 o'clock. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
STEELE— In this city, June 22, 1900, John Jo-
seph, beloved son of John D. and the lat«
Louise Steele. and brother of Elizabeth E.
Steele, a native of San Francisco, ased 15
years 6 months and 11 days.
{E?"Tlie funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at Vallejo, on the arrival of the
7:30 o'clock train from San Francisco, thence
to St. Vincent's Church, where a requiem high
•mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul. Interment St. Vincent's Cemetery, Va-
llejo. Remains at the rarlors of the United
Undertakers, 27 4*1 29 Fifth street.
SCHHOEDER— In this city, June 21. 1900, Chris-
tian J., beloved husband of Anna Schroeder.
and father of Carl Schroeder. a native of
Schleswfg-Holstein, Germany, aged 3S years
10 months and 2 days.
McAvoy & Co., U39 Market Btreet, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. '
MCCARTHY— In Lo« Angeles.^Cal.. Lulu E..
beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James P.
McCarthy of San Francisco, and Bister of,
John D. and E. Avery McCarthy and Mrs.
A. W. Forrester, a native of New York State,
aged 25 years 5 months and IS days.
(CTFuneral this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock,
from the home of her sister, Mrs. Arthur TV.
Forrester. 2245 Eighth street, Los Angeles,
Cal.
McGOWAN— A requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the rei>ose of the soul of the- late
John McGowarf at St. Dominic's Church, to-
morrow (Monday), at 9 o'clock.
MINAHAN— In this city, at St. Mary's Hospi-
tal. June 23, 10K}O, Bartholomew Minahan, be-
loved brother of John and Daniel Minahan
and Mrs. J. Driscoil of Vallejo and the late
Mis. Richard Haley, a native of Ireland,
aced 32 years.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOB 0. S. HAYY YARD AND YAILEJO.
Steamer "Monticolloi."
MON., Tues., "Wed.. Thujs. and Sat. at !•«
a. m.: 3:15. 8:30 p. m. lex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m. •
p. m. Landing? and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. I. Telephone Main U0S. "**-*•
F* RE 80c
II
wExchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85*4
Sterling Exchange, sight - — 4 bS*i
Sterling Ca bleu — . 4 69
New York' Exchange, sight. — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 124
Fine Silver, per ounce .V — . 60ft
Mexican Dollars .....' 4S>4 49
Wheat and Other Grains, f
WHEAT- Uveroool and Parli futures con
tinued to advance.
Chlcazo advanced from 83V&eto S8o, with an
' excited market. Cables Indicated that Europa
waa beginning to take alarm over the eituatlon.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. June 23— 12 m.
BM.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha .......... 03 05 Justice 07 OS
Alta 02 03 Kentuck — 01
Andes 06 07 Lady Wash.... 03 03
Belcher' 18 17 Mexican 21 22
Best & Belcher 27 2S Occidental 11 14
Bullion 03 06 Ophir 72 74
Caledonia 1 10 1 15 Overman 15 17
Chollar 18 IS Potosl 13 19
Challenge Con. 14 13 Sarage is 17
Confidence 65 67 Scorpion 03 —
Con Cal & Va..l 55 1 60 Seg Belcher 03 CS
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 29 30
Con New York. — 03 Sliver Hill » 40
Eureka Con — SO St Louis ........ — 13
Crown Point.... 09 10 Standard 2 73 2 75
Exchequer 01 02iSyndIcate — 08
Gould A Curry. 13 141 Union Con 20 21
Hale & Norcrs. 2« 27 Utah 13 14
Julia 01 OalYellow Jacket.. K> 12
Branch Hydrographtc Offlce, XJ. S. N.. Mer
chants 1 Exchange, Saa Francisco, Cal..
June 33. 1900.
The time bail on the tower of the new Perry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day
I. e.. at noon of the 120tn meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
> C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. P. S. N-. In charge. ¦
United States Ce*st and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
. ', ¦ Waters at Fort Point. - entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of tht faptrlnt«n4«8t. ¦
jtOTE— Tto tusb «&4 low waters cecux tX
LOCAL MARKETS.
All - quotations stand as before, with a dull
market. Tne Eastern situation Is stronger. In
sympathy with "Wheat, f
CUBED ME ATP— Bacon. 10&10HC p«r lb for
heavy, lOUClOftc for light medium, Ufco tor
CHICAGO, June 23.— July wheat opened 2T»@
8%c higher at £6c to 87c, advanced to S8c, de
clined to 86%c and then rallied to SSo, clos
ing at the last given price, 4?ic over yesterday.
This In cold figures is the etory of a wild,
panicky and decidedly bulljsh market. The
opening was rather startling in its strength,
but throughout the session the market had
the appearance of bullishness gone wild. An
advance of 3d at Liverpool and a mass of
messages reporting an almost total failure of
the spring wheat crop in the Northwest brought
in buying orders by the 'hundreds. Many sec
tions of the Dakota* and Minnesota and of
Manitoba reported total failures. Others told
of thin, spare, sickly crops, good 'for from
three to six bushels to the acre. There wai
still no Indication of rain In the Northwest,
while the temperature remained high; There
was little talk to-day of improvement if good
rain should fall even at this late date. Stat
istician Snow's estimate of a crop of 75,000,000
bushels for the three States, should there be.
no further deterioration, was conceded too
high by many to-day. At the opening the pit
was Jammed with buyers and sales were made
ajl the way from S6c to 87c. Heavy proflt
taklng by longs kept the crowd' from going
perfectly crazy. There was, apparently, no
big short Interests. Longs, following the open
ing, forced July back to «3V»c by dumping large
lots on the market. Then the market bucked
with a vengeance. The Northwest was a heavy
buyer as usual, and foreigners with whom
most of the short Interest apparently lay
covered freely. July under this buying and
•ome let up In the realizing pressure rebounded
to ESc. Longs crushed . It back. to S6*ic again,
but permanent dips were not 0/1 the schedule
and the market closed entirely recovered at
fully "4c over -yesterday at S8c. This Is an
advance of 12T»ct since last Saturday. Before
the crowd left July wheat sold at 83c. The
cash business was a small consideration."
Trade In corn was active and broad. ' The
great wheat strength was unquestionably the
Influence, as country offerings were heavy, re
ceipts liberal and the shipping demand poor.
July closed VAQlftc up.
Oata were active and strong. Wheat was a
_; ... - • ¦¦,¦,.!-¦...! -¦.•.--¦-¦.
New York Stock Market.
NHW YORK. June 23.— The Saturday short
cession of the Stock Exchange was a fe\-erish
and exciting one, under the domination of
much the same Influences aa for some days
past. The holiday in London left the New
York Block markt-t without its accustomed
cruide to the Ejx-culatK'e sentiment of the out
t-ide worM, frith. the usual result that profes
sional roora traders were at sea for a time
after the opening. The sentiment observable
for tea* time i«ast among the professional
traders was that the market was ovemld and
due for a. rally as evidenced at the opening
j-ad was reinforced £y some obvious nervous
rifsg on the rert of the shorts. The latter
flexrient covered freely in Northern Pacific and
there was a firm tendency in Sugar, the trunk
Mnes and Rea^lr.g first preferred, which served
&£ points of resistance to wpakntw. But the
crctlsued demoralization in Brooklyn Rapid
Trar.yit upfet the confidence of the bull ele
ment and stocks began to eoir.e on the market
In -large volume before the end of the first
hear. Northern Pacific was carried down over
a point from the high level after the opening.
Kxtreme ——*"'¦¦¦ did not become general, the
trunk line holding comparatively firm and
shorts covered in anticipation of the bank
statement. The exeit^i advar.ee in wb^at hv-re
»u an influence on the break in Fto^jv*. The
market had twMX-me qu»«t and stf-ady when the
bank ttaten-jent aj.ijtar^d and pave a shock
to Fcntiment by the lar*« <le<-rej*se fhown in
cafh resents. Estiraates baped on the ofncial
reports of sub-'J»irury ojrfTations and stato
ir,ent« of thre it^kement of currency by ex
press to and friTu the interior furnished by
the banks th<"m^»lves had foreshadowed a pain
in CS£i by the banks after allowing for the
E old exported durirTK the week of a mil! ion
dollar* or over. Wall etrct if my.-tifW »¦" to
tise source of the drain which had Jepieted the
cash resource* of the cltaring-hotiB.- institutions
ic the extent of *3.1S.s.fcO0. The late brf-ak in
•he market on the bank statement caused some
prominent raiiroad and Industrial stocks to
Srop from 1 to 2 points »*low last niplus level.
National Fteel lost 3 and Brooklyn Transit o<>-
Dxceyt for a few rallies on covering by roora
short* the market cl'jyed weak. v .:¦/- ;, -¦¦'-.¦;.¦
The market has been depr^peM dunns the
week bat the movement of rrices has »«f*n ex
ceedingly confused and irregular and the net
losses are in most casos more than the extreme
<Jeoiirie« for the »«>rk, owing to some recovery
during the Utter part oi the week. The recov
ers' has b«en <2u<», for the most pnrt, to the ct>v
crinc of short c^ntrsciE by the profe?sional
btari who had put out thoit lines very freeiy
lasst «wk and early this week. The motives
attributed for sorr.e of this selling proved to b<?
but preface, with the purpose of precipitating
another liquidation and «hen this l<ecame man
iffc«t the covering movement checked the de
cline In prices and Rave to the market the ap
pearance of ljrnorinsr the reactionary factors
which continued in force. ;••>-. -¦ _••"• -
Rfnorts of railroad •arnints show a level
« ell above last year still maintained.. But the
tmlicr cf conservatism in dividend disburee
r> er.W now avowed by practically all railroad
managers, has prevented this from havlns
mod) effect on values.
The outlook in the iron trade is admitted to
b*- more favorable by conservative authorities,
the Iron Age voicing th« impression that the
©Pir.io-n' Is eaininK ground that prices are down
pretty close to a basis which will b« considered
fairly safe by consumers. This encouraging
view at the Iron market conditions Is partly
offset by the approach of the wage adjustment
I*riod which has in it the possibility of wlde
epread industrial unsfttleraent. .
There is an clement In Wall street which
nsea that the market Is due for a rally, owing
to the existence of a large shortage In wheat,
which would b* obliged to cover at any consid
erable advance In Krice*. This element points
to the f»ct that price* of rcariy stocks have re
ceded now below the level touched in the panic
or Utt December and have therefore amply dis
ooutitto the unfavorable factors in the situa
tion.
An m-gressive leadership, they argue, would
rireeipitatt a bear panic. But the bull leader
hits not cfue to the front. The continued drib
¦bltng of liquidation into the market has shown
dearly eaaugh that holders of ttockr are in
clined to tell rather than to increase their
holdings. It Is alm0*t the Invariable sequence
of such a ranlc tr- that or last December that
prices, after a violent rally on bear covering,
during which those who bought to check the
panic realize thtir t iroQui l»egi n to drift slowly
do«Dwa.rd asaia to a point below the panic
level.
Thtt phase was <i"?>n-e<i after the December
panip by successfjll bull manipulation, accom
panied by confident pcrdictions, sometime*
with semi-official «,anct:cn. of liberal dividends
on stock* hitherto r.ot .-harirc 'n their com
panies' profits or large increase In dividend
rat£». Some of the advances In etock» thu» se
cured are Jb Jarce |*rt it!U maintained, al
though the predicted dividends have not been
secured. . .
The action of tho Northern Pacific directors
la reducing the amount rf the dividend hai led
to the general adoption amor.R railroad authori
ties of a «Jmllar ccnsenalive policy. Kven j
where tbe interest U made as in the case of
Atchison preferred. It hsia led to so much un
favorat'le criticism that the stock ha* failed
to benefit in price. The developments of the
week Jn the wheat markets strengthened the
conviction tnat there will be a shortage In the
NEW YORK, June 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17.443; export. 17,900 barrels; strong and nom
inally 23c higher. Winter patents. $4 25i?4 75;
winter straights, $4<5J4 20; Minnesota patents,
$4 S0&5; winter extras, $2, 8(V?3 25; Minnesota
bakers, J3ri3 25; winter low grades, $2 &Ot3V3 95.
WHEAT— Receipts. S2.700 bushels; exports,
119.000; sales. 7.250,i>00 bushels futures; 56.000
bushels epot; spot strong-- >>o. 2 red. 95'.ic f . '
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 94c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. SSc f. a b. afloat prompt.
Options were centrally strong all the morn
ing except for a few slight reactions under
profit-taking. The advance was influenced by
phenomenally strong cables, hot Northwest
weather, bad crop reports anJ tremendous
speculative buying, supplemented by hea^y
local coverings. Prices finally eased off sharp
ly under reallzins; closed unsettled at 3HQ4c
net advance. July 90%'S03 : ?gC, closed S2c; -Sep
tember, Sft&fiOVs, closed S2'sc; December, 90%
&6SM.C, closed 92»4c.
METALS — Th» brokers' price for lead was
$3 t) and tor copper $16 23; casting copper, 15c.
HOI'S-Steady; State common to choice, '29
crop. UQlIti; old. 3£»c; Pacinc Coast, 'D9 crop,
10<ai3c: old. 3«5c.
HIDES- Steady : Galveston. 22i?25 pounds, l*c:
California. 1^/21 pounds, 21 1 /jc; Texas, dry, 24
Ciffl pounds, lie.
"WOOL— Dull; Domestic fleece, 23Q28c; Texas,
13S16c.
PKTROLEUM— Quiet; refined New York,
$8 75; Philadelphia and Baltimore, $7 80; do In
bulk, $j 25.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. easy; No. 7 invoice, S%c;
mild, market quiet; Cordova. 9ViiS13Vic.
Futures closed steady at net unchanged prices
to 15 points decline. Total sales, 16,000 bags. In
cluding: July, $7; September, $7 l.'.if?7 20; Octo
ber, $7 15; November, $7 20; December, $7 35@
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 4^gc;
centrifugal. 96 teat. 4%c bid; molasses sugar,
2~ic. Refined— Firm. No. 8, 5.20c; No. 7, 5 15c;
No. S. 3.10c: No. 9. 5.05c: No. 10, 5.10c; No 12
4.90c; No. 13. 4.90c: No. 14, 4.S0c: standard A.
5.5(>c; confectioners' A. 5.5flc; mold A, 5.96c; cut
loaf, 6.]0e; crushed. 6.10c; powdered, 5.S0c;
granulated, 5.70c; cubes, 5.S3c.
BUTTER — Receipts. 3957 packages; firm.
Creamery extras, lfi'fili'c; factory. 13V4 l 3 | N5c ; imi
tation creamery. 14W©17%CJ
EGGS— Receipts. 7608 packages; steady. West
ern ungraded, loss off. U@14>4e: Western un
graded, at mark, 10»312Hc.,
DRIED FRUITS.
There were liberal offerings of choice and
fancy grades of evaporated apples under disap
pointing advices from the country and the In
terference of buyers. At the close the market
was weak in tone, with prices materially be
low last night's close and still tending down
ward. California dried fruits continue Inac
tive and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4'/4 < a5c: prime, oH^S^c; choice, 5*i®6Uc; fancy
7<g7Hc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 7Hft8c. *
APRICOTS— Royal, 12^@14c; Moorpark, 15
©18c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@20c; unpeeled. 6@9o.
New York Grain and Produce.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, Juns 23.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. 50 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 33 hours.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olaen, 13 hours from Green
wood: bound south: put in to land passengers.
Stmr National City. Dcttmer3. 14 hours from,
Fort Brags.
Stmr North Fork. McLellaa. 2J'i hours from.
Eureka.
Ship Isaao Reed. Holmquist. li days from
Taccma.
Schr Compeer, Larsen. 14 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Fortuna, Luberg 1 , 4S hours from Eureka.
CLEARED.
Saturday. June 23.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson. San Pedro: GoodaE.
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr "Wellington, Salmcnd, Ctunox; R
Dunsmulr Sons Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, June Z3.
Etmr Whitesboro, Olsea. .
Stmr Navarro, Jensen. Bowens Landlnjr.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Westpcrt. Ericsson. .
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. COmox.
Ship Columbia. Nelson, Tacoma.
Bark Diamond Head. Peterson. Honofnra.
Schr O M Kellogg. Iversen. Eureka.
Bchr Conflania. Christiansen. Coqullls River.
Pchr Del Norte. Allen. Portland, etc.
Schr C H Merchant, Carl?en, Graya Harbor.
Barge Santa Paula. NleUen, San Pedro.
SPOKEN.
June 12. lat 32 X. Ion 13 W— Bt ship Cromaxty
shire, from Antwerp, for Port Los Ang»lea.
May 25, lat 18 14 N. loa 124 47 W— Ger abi>
Renee Rlckmers. from Chemalnus. for Flail.
May 19. lat 2 N, Ion 28 W— Oer bark Edmund,
from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, June 22— Ger ship Wandsbek. BTt
vlously reported eshore near- th» Lizard, is
breakinz up.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 23. 19 p m— "Weather
foggy; wind SW. velocity }2 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Jun» 23— Star TT21*»
mook. hence June 22.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Jufi» 23— Schr MeW
ancthon. hence June 12.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Juno S3 — BJcta
John Smith, from Honolulu ; schr Erie, from-
Yokohama; schr John A. her.ce June 9; bktn,
Portland, hence June 13; schr Sequoia, from
'Jan Diearo; schr Iila Schnauer. hence June 10.
TACOMA— Sailed June 22— Bark> Gatherer. fo»
San Francisco.
Arrived June 23— Schr Metha Nelson, henc*,
SEATTLE— Sailed Junst 23— Starr City Ot Se~
* t Arrive < d r June 21— Bktn Mary Wlakelmaa. frcs*
NEAH BAY— Passed June 22— Nor stmr Tei-»
lus hence June 19. for Chemainus. Juna 2>—
Stmr Pomona, hence June 20. for Seattle.
Passed June 23— Strar Aztec, froia Port Los
Anccles. for Nanatmo.
CASPAR— Arrived Juna 23— Stmr Cleone. hna
"(3RAY3 HARBOR— Arrtved Jun« 23— Sfcaa
Newburg, hence June 15. ¦-. ¦¦ ¦¦_-¦¦'- ,
Sailed June 22— Schr General Baaalay. fo«
San Francisco: schr Luzon, for Honolulu.
PORT GAMBLE) — Arrived Juno 23— Schr Ida
Bchnauer. from Port Townsend-
WHATCOM— Arrived June 23— Bkta Portland,
OLYMPLV— Arrived June 23— Bktn Northwest*
'from Port Townsend.
EUREKA— Arrived Juna 23— Stmr Orlsaoa,
hence June 22; stmr Scotia, hence June 21.
Sailed June 23— Schr Fannale Adele. for Saa
P A 3 STbRIA— Sailed June 23— Br ship Argus, for
Queenstown; bktn Echo, for Melbourne.
FOREIGN POP.TS.
MANILA— Arrived June 22->-Br «t=ir Khallf.
from Norfolk. June 19— Br stmr Acara, from
* YOKOHAMA— Arrived Juna 22— Jas> »tnir
Ivinahul Mam, from Seattle.
SALAVERRY-Salled May 2— Bkta Chaa V
Crocker, for Vancouver. _
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived June 22— Ship Jas
Drumraond. from Port Los Angeles.
SAVTA ROSALIA— Arrived June 23— Schr Ex
pansion, from Qrays Harbor.
ACAPULCO— Sailed June 21-Stmr Acapulco,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
XEW YORK— Arrtved June 23— Stmr Minne
apolis, from London; stnar L'Aquetaine, from,
Sa'lTed June 23— Stmr Menomtr.ee. for Lon
don: itmr Rotterdam, for Rotterdam, via.
Boulogne; stmr Werra. for Naples, etc; stmr
FurnesMa. for Glasgow: stmr Ser via. for Liver
pool; stmr Patricia, for Hamburg, via Ply
mouth and Cherbourg; stmr Thlngvalla, for
Copenhagen, etc
LIVERPOOL-Salled June 23— Stmr Etruria,
°ANTWKRP— Sailed June 23— Stair La Toa
raine. for New York.
CHERBOURG— Arrived June 23— Stmr Koeni
gtm Lulz, from New York, for Bremen.
Sailed June> 23— Stmr St Louis, from South
ampton, for New York.
BREMEN— Sailed- June 23— Stmr Barbarossa,
for New York, via Cherbourg.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Shipping Intelligence.
There was some activity In Gas and Elec
tric at I4S@47 75, falling figures, but otherwise
there was notlflng new in local stocks and
bonds.
The Stock and Bond Exchange will stand ad
journed from Monday. July 2. until Friday.
July 6, both days Inclusive.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, June 43—12 m.
Bid. Ask. f Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Equit G L Co. S\4 3>i
4s quar coup..ll« 1141*1 Mutual El Co. 11% 13
4s do reg 115 115H;O G L & H.... 47Vi U%
4s do cd new..l34<il34^|Pac Gas Imp.. 4«>, 47>4
3s quar coup. .108% — Pac L Co «V, 44^,
Miscellaneous— S F G & E — il\ 4S
Cal-st Cab 59.. 119 — San Francisco. 4H 5
C -C Water 5s.lO9\» — !Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Ed L i P 6s..l2SVi — I insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 115. US IFirem's Fund.238H —
Geary-st R 5s. — 99 I Bank Stocks—
H C & S 5H»- — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. «3 17
Do 5s — — Bank of Cal... — —
L A Ry 5s....lO4?ilO3U Cal S D & T.. — 10«
L A Lt Co 6s. — — (First National — 290
Do rntd 6s.. — — iLon P &. A.. ..131 133
L A gntd 5s... 10O — Merchants' Ex 15 —
LA PR R 5s. — 102^ Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st 6s... 123 — Savings Banks-
Do 1st M Ks.118% — Ger S &. L....1S9O —
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Hum S & L.. — —
N R of Cal 68.115H117 Mut Sav Bk... 43 —
Do 5s 117% — S F Sav U....605 —
N P C R R 6s. 101 — Sav Ik L So.... 7* 78
Do 5s IOS14 — ISeeSavBlt — —
N Cal R R Ss.lll — Unlcn T Co.... — —
Oak G L&Hos.lll — Street Railroads—
Oak Tran Cs... - HO'.i California ....122»4 —
Oak W Co as.. — — jGeary-st SO —
Oceanic S Co.. 105 106 Market-st Ry. 63 —
Om C Ry 6s.. 12S - O S L & H.... - 47H
P & Cl Ry 6S.1MH — Presidio 15 a
P & O R R 63.115 - .Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 63.120 — California ....160 170
Sac L & GRos. — — Giant Con Co. 83^4 —
S F & SJV 5s. — l20«4|VlKorit 3 3^4
S Ry of Cal 6s.UUi - j S u *" s '°« k9 -.,,
S P of A 6«...113«4115 |Hana S P Co. 8^ &%
S P C'6s(1905).H0 H0T4;Haw C & S Co SS 90
Do (1906) 111H113 JHonokaa. S Co 3274 —
Do (1912) 119 122%! Hutch S P Co. — 2."3i
SPRC Istgnt5s — — i Kilauea S Co. 29 2O>4
S P Br «s 130 — fMakawell 8 Oo 4«»4 *'M
S V Water 6s.ll5 115& :Onomea S Co. — 28
Do 4s 103Vil03'« : Paauhau S Co. 31% 31^
Do 3d mtg-..101>4— Miscellaneous —
Stocktn Gas 6s 99 — Al Pack Asan.117 113
Water Stocks — Chi Fruit Asa. — S9\i
Contra Costa.. 67«4 6?U j Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marln "County. 50 — [Oceanic S Co.. 92Vj 93,4
Spring Valley. 94*4 95 'pac A 1* A.... 3 —
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor Co.150 —
Cent G L Co.. — — ;Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P Co 3»» —
Mornlns Session.
Board—
125 Contra Costa Water «00
85 Contra Costa Water^ 87 73
25 Hana Plantation Co 8 25
50 Hana Plantation Co 8 37H
,- 10 Makaweli S Co 44 75
10 Oceanic S S Co P2 5i>
IS Paauhau S P Co 31 23
80 Pacinc G.13 Imp 47 00
45 S F G*s & Electric Co 4S 00
190 S F Gas & Electric Co.... „.. 47 75
13 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 $1%
200 VIgorit 100
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morolns SessioiL
800 Home Oil .......•«».••••••¦••••••••••«.. 4 15
100 Twenty-Eight 125
MINING STOCK3
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morninz Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 271 200 Sierra Nevada, 29
500 Justice 081 300 Utah 13
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morninz Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 27! 200 Silver Hill 37
300 Mexican ........ 22 100 Silver Hill 4'>
200 Sierra Nevada. 29 j SOO Yellow Jacket.. 12
S00 Silver Hill 36]
THE STOCK MARKET.
TO SAIL*
LIVERPOOL. /
Wheat— July. Gept.
Opening 6 8»4 6 9'i
Closing 6 f,% 6 9Vi
PARIS. '
Wheat— June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 SO 22 25
Closing 20 93 22 40
Flour-
Opening 2S 00 29 25
Closing f 23 05 29 35
California Fruit Sales.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at auction to-day and realized the following
prices:
CHICAGO. June 23.— Peaches — Alexander,
box. $1 1501 25, average $1 19. Pears— B. Gif
ford, average 90c. Plums— Clyman. single
crate, GS'dSOc, average 77c. Prunes— Tragedy,
single crate. $1 5O5J2 05, average $1 7S. Cher
ries — Black Tartarian, box, 85cS$l 30. average
$1 15; Royal Anne. 95c© $1. average 96c. Unfa
vorable, wet weather. Four cars sold to-day.
NEW YORK, June 23.-Cherrles-Black Tar
tarian, box, 2ftff95e. average 64c: Royal Anne,
60eii$l 05. average 83c; BIgarreau, average 54c.
Ten cars sold to-day. Hot weather.
BOSTON, June 23.— Peaches— Alerander, bo*,
$1 05S1 25, average $1 22. Plums— Clyman, sin
gle crate. 75c6fl 20. Prunes— Slmonl, single
crate. $1 ZfXal 50. average $1 43; Tragedy. S2 7s'fj>
3 35, averace $2 90. Aprleot?< — Spark's Mam
moth, sins'.e crate. 95c<fr$l 25, average $1 13.
Cherries— Royal Anne, box, 55c3$l 45, average
$1 22: BIgarreau. 2flc{E?$l 05, average 50c; Black
Tartarian. SOefitl 25. average 56c Six cars sold
to-day. Favorable weather.
MONTREAL, June 23.— Peaches— Alexander,
box. $1 45t?l 65. average $1 54; crate, average
Jl 85; Garland, average $1 65; Hale's Early,
average $1 75. Plums — Clyman, single crate,
$1 15131 90, average $1 41: Red June, average
jl 45; Royal Hatlve, average $1 70. One car
sold to-day,
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO,, June 23.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2500;
nominally steady. Natives— Good to prime
steers, $5 1CXJT5 75; poor to medium, $4 50(fJ5;
selected feeders. $4 40(^4 75: mixed stock»ts,
S3 10®4; cows, $3t?4 40; heifers, »3 10^4 SO; bulls,
$2 90<g4; calves, &S6 05. Texans— Texas fed
steers, $4 40@5 20; Texas grass steers, $3 75®
4 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 14.000; Monday, 30.
000, estimated; left over, 2000; active, l0®lBc
higher; top, $5 3j®5 37V4; good to choice heavy,
15 25f75 37'i; rough heavy. $5 lO^o 20; light,
Jo 10«5 85; bulk of sales. $5 25<g-5 35.
SHEEP- Receipts. 5000: sheep and lambs,
slow; good to choice wethers, $4 40#5: fair to
choice mixed. $3 50fi4 50; Western sheep. *4 259
4 75; yearlings. Wua 40: native lambs. $5@6 40;
Western lambs. $6®6 30; spring lambs. $4 50@
6 75.
Receipts this week— Cattle. 53,000; hops, 136,-
FOfl; sheep, 79,400. Receipts last week— Cattle,
47,000; hogs, 157,800; sheep, 62.SOO.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 23.— The market for cot
ton futures opened steady In tone at prices 1
point higher trj 4 points lower. Soon crop dis
aster reports w?re pouring In from nearly every
section of the belt, while th'e , Wes,t and the
South fairly flooded the market with buying
orders. The market advanced 25 points in a
les» number of minutes. Wall street and other
outside interests were heavy purchasers. Hold
ers eained confidence and could be induced
to sell freely only around the top prices.
"Nine cents for August." brought out several
large blocks which the market absorbed quickly.
Imports and Exports of Specie.
NEW YORK. June 23.— The imports of specie
at the port of New York for the week amount
ed to $20,990 in gold and $14,667 silver. The ex
ports of specie from the port of New York for
the week amounted to $4,251,783 In gold and
$1,055,870 in silver.
Imports at New York.
NEW YORK, June 23.— The imports of dry
goods and merchandise at the port of New
York for this week were valued at {9,141,080.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, June 23.— Silver, 27 13-16d; French
rentes, lOOf 2',ic 9
LIVERPOOL. June 23.— Wheat, stronga No.
1 standard California, 6s 8d£6s 9 a; wheat in
Paris, steady: flour In Paris, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 5Ud.
CLOSING
HOPS— London. Pacific Coast, steady, £2 15s@
£3 15s. ;
WHEAT— Spot, firm: No. 1 Northern spaing,
6» 7V-d: No. 1 California, 6s Sd^s J»d. Futures
firm; July, 6s 8'/6d; September, 6s 9V4d; Decem
ber, nominal.
¦ CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed new, 4s
«id; do old, 4s 4d. Futures, firm; July, 4s lftd;
September. 4s 2%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, steady, 8s
td.
London Wool Market.
LONDON, June 23.— The wool market during
the week was quiet and weak in sympathy
with the flatness of, trade In the provinces. The
arrivals to date for the fifth series of wool
auction sales number 104,613 bales, of which
24 000 were forwarded direct.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. June 23.— Clearings, |218,-
E65; balances, $37,588. "-"
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. .
PORTLAND. Juno 23.— WHEAT— firm and
higher, although advance In freights Is tak
,in«r part of the rise. Walla Walla, 60@61c;
valley, 60®«lc; blue stem, 62c.
Cleared — Steamer Monmouthshire for Hong
kong and way ports with 27,753 barrels of flour.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 23— Wheat advanced 3o to
day; bluestem, 61^4c; club, 59%c 4
NEW YORK. June 23. — The Financier says:
As foreshadowed in this analysis last week the
loan movement, which has been an important
and Interesting feature nf the New York bank
statement for some w^eks past, has apparently
culminated. The Iran item for the six days
ju.«t ended remained practically stationary, a
slight advance of $2."i,90O contrasting: with the
averapp expansion of sevorat millions weekly
over the recent spring- season. The chief featujfi
of the current statement, howevnp, is tre
loss of ?3.16?.frC0 in cash, which is alpo re
flected In a decrease of M.787.S0Q in deposits.
It had l>pcn flsrurM that the loss sustained by
the banks on gold export requirements had
bwn practically counterbalanced by interior
receipts and. in fact, that the cash totals would
show a pain, but the official statement, made
on a system of averagps. show? otherwise.
Since May "S last tht» banks have Increased
th^ir cash h<">Ming3 only nominally, while loans
have expanded seventeen millions and the
deposits over fourteen million. The rapid rise
of the loan mtal Is generally interpreted to
be due to investments in ptfrlircj? exchange,
and some estimates have placed the total of
such business at one hundred millions. It is
only fair to say. however, that no calculations
on this jj^int are to be relied upon. The anom
aly presented in New Ynrk within the last
week of money leaning en call at 1 per cent
while at the same time goM was being ex
ported to Europe cannot be expected to con
tinue much loneer. Already there is more
firmness noted in the local market and an
indisposition prevails to make loans over the
end of the year. If the precedents of the past
year are of value in forecasting the future
there will be a decline in the loan totals of
the banks very shortly. This continued flow
of money is attracting attention at present,
but domestic exchange rates, for all that, are
hardening at the mere important financial
centers The circulation of the banks is now
J2V.33.lS0 and is growing, despite the light de
mand locally »for funds. >.
Condition of the Treasury,
WASHINGTON, June 23.— To-day's statement
cf the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the flSO.wO.COO gold reserve in the
division Pf redemption, shows: Available cash
balances, tM9.800.tS8; gold. J57.964.44L
Associated Banks' Statement.
wheat crop and uneasiness has increased re-
C&rding the cotton crop.
The effect of the Chinese Eituatlon on the
Stock Market has diminished to insignificance.
But the movement of money markets and the
ss-mi annual settlements to be met on July 1
are a erowiiiR source of apprehension in secur
ity market circles. Berlin has borroweJ heav-
J!y on capital for some time past, and this has
served to encroach on the surplus reserves of
New York banks by expanding the reserve re
quirements. TTils week Gtnnany has ana^u to
her demand for credits a call for bullion to
replenish her own banking reserves In prepara
tion for July 1. The Bank of France also con
tinues to accumulate . reserves and to reduce
note Issues and loans as though in preparation
for a storm. The result has been a stiffening
of discount rates In London and an advance of
one penny an ounce In the Bank of England's
price of gold bars and of American eagle?.
The large payments for pensions by the sub
treasury have tided over the situation at New
York this week. But th/» banks U»ve to meet
fcext week a call for (S.00^000 of Government
deposits to be returned to the treasury and
afterward the demands incident to preparation
for the July 1 interest and dividend disburse
ments, with the prcsj-ect of a resumption of
interior demands for fund? to move the crops.
The active speculation in wheat also makes ad
ditional demands for loans. There Is not much
likelihood, however, of a pressure of idle funds
to stimulate a sluggish stock market.
The bond market has moved irregularly to
ward a. lower plane of prices.
United States nf^y 4s. have declined Vb and
the old 4s. the 5s a>>d the refunding 2s. when
issued, ht in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
2.000 Atchison M
13.050 Atchison prefd &' *
4,£3U Baltimore :J ,«
t'» Canadian Pacific ?6* 4
t'JO Canada Southern 4sVa
720 Chesapeake & Ohio 2*Vi
400 Chicago Great Western 10H
16,260 Chicago Burlington ft Quincy 121*4
ffcO Chicago Ind & Louisville H
100 Chicago In.1 & Louisville prefd 5/>
Chicago & Eastern Illinois S7V*
209 Chicago & Northwestern 152
8,710 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 103V»
COO C C C & St Louis j* 1 *
Cc!orado Southern Mt
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
100 Delaware & Hudson H'J l i
IvO Delaware Lack«iwanna & Western.. 176 1 *
Denver & Itio Grande 18
Denver «t Rio Grande prefd 6i
200 Erie Wi
300 Erie 1st prefd '•>-
810 Great Northern prefd 146!s
M'O Hocking Coal U v *
Hocking- Valley 3S^«
1,910 Illinois Central 110'.!
100 Iowa Central 17%
Iowa Central rrefd 43
500 Kansas City Pltuburg & Gulf 1WJ
100 Lake Erie & Western 2%
Lake Erie £: Western prefd S2
Lake Shore 205«4
L7* Ix>uisville <?- Nashville 7.T r »
1,3?) Manhattan Elevated ki'i
1,925 Metropolitan Street Railway 146
10O Mexican Central ll^j
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 4.")^
....... Minneapolis & St Louis prefd S7
6.210 Missouri Pacific 46H
Mobile & Ohio ¦¦ 36
200 Missouri Kansas & Texas 'J'i,
200 Missouri Kansas At Texas prefd 23^
New Jersey Central 122H:
1.1.V) New York Central U«4
LOl-0 Norfolk & Western 31
Norfolk At Western prefd 75
S2.XCO Northern Pacific 4S^
625 Northern Pacific prefd 7O',i
no Ontario & Western ISft
Oregon Railway <t Nav 42
Ortgon Railway & Nav prefd 76
3.SSS Pennsylvania :...12C^
&» Reading : IS
3,4C«J Rtauing 1st prefd 07
Reading :d prefd 27Vj
Rio Grande Western 55
Rio Grande Western prefd S"Vi
St L<juis A San Fran 9
£t Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 664
700 St Louis & San Fran 2>i prefd 31**
St Louis Southwestern 9
3'fl Pt Louis Southwestern prefd 21»i
10.S75 St F'aul i 109,H
100 St Pa|il prefd m)*i
gt Paul & Omaha 117V.
o.S'O Southern Pacific Sl'i
100 Southern Railway io» t
2,4'W Southern Railway prefd .^ 4i 7 ,
2<Kt Texas & Paciflfle 13i;
i.170 Union F'aoific 4S^
;.32» I'nion Pacific prefd "0 1 -.
««> Wabash s\
70O Wabash prefd 17
104 •Wheeling <fc Lako Erie 7^
3<j0 Wheeling &• Lake Erie 21 prefd.... 21^
Wisconsin Central i3i 4
Exrrets Companies —
Adams « 117
* Amexicaa 15')
Vnltcd States 45
Wells Cargo .' l&
Miscellaneous —
ICO American Cotton Oil 30
American Cotton Oil prefd M\
500 American Malting , ;... zv,
American Malting prefd 19
L745 Am Srif-ltirg &. HeHnlng ZZ%
¦ 4SS Am Smf-lting & Refining prefd.., g5«i
American Spirits 2V«
American Spirits prefd 17
JiX) American Stefl Hixjp 17
i'lO American Ft^el Hoop prefd 66
L«0» American EteeUA Wire 23'i
7 ( <0 Amerkan Ht<»el & Wire prefd 63*4
4C0 American Tin Plate IS
I 1 -) American Tin Plate prefd 71
6,</"<0 American Tobacco S5*4
American Tobacco prefd 129
1.2°0 Anaconda Mining Co 3S 1 *
S4.73O Brooklyn Rapid Transit,.. 51
125 Colorado Fuel & Iron 29 T i
l,",70 Continental Tobacco 22
.". Continental Tobacco prefd 75V4
3.CS0 Federal Ktcol 23'-4
410 Federal f-"t<»el prefd €3i»
Oeneral Electric l27Vi
£13 Glucose Sugar «, 46^
Glucose Sugar prefd 93
600 International Paper 2U£
300 Internatlonnl Pai^er prefd 63?4
?60..Laclede Gas o 67
....... National fiistult 28
National Hiscuit prefd 79\
National I>>ad 1S%
National I>ead prefd ?» bS
1,600 National Steel 2014
S00 NatioJial St^fl prefd 81
New York Air Urake 127
100 North American 1414
100 Pacinc Coast '49
Pacific Coast let prefd S2
Pacific C/iast 2d prefd , B7H
4C0 Pacific Mail 26
S.CCO People's Ga» 94%
S00 Pret-sed Steel Car 43
; Pressed Steel Car prefd 71
Pullman Palace Car 176
Standard Rope & Twine 4U
12.&00 Sugar » 112>i
Suj^r preM : 114
S50 Tennoi'se*! Coal & Iron 63*»
- 1 S45 Cnlted States Leather 8
United States Leather prefd 65t4
230 iTnited States Rubber 25
United States Jtubber prefd 93
110 Western Union 7S"&
200 Republic Iron & Steel 9
200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 60
P C C & St Louis.... 5«
200 Third Avenue UO
2«,100 Shares eold. ;
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2» ref rec. |M K.& T 2ds 86
when issutd 102^ Do 4i g»
* Do coup 103V4;N T Cent lsts 111*4
V Do 2» res 100 N J Cent pen 6s. ..122
Do 3s ree 1W> 1 Northern Pac 3a.. 6*r>i
Do 2s coup lttf Dn 4s 103%
Do new 4a reg-.U! 1 -; N Y C & St L 4s.lO6^
Do 4s coup 134-ilNor & W con 4s.. tf>>~
IV) old 4s rcE..114 iO N lsts "-....1W
Do old 4s coup 115 Do 4s •.. 101
l>o C« res 113 O S Line con 6s. .127%
Do 5s coup 313 Do con En 113%
DIst of C 3.GT.H 123 Reading Gen 4b $7ii
Atchison gen 4s 100»4 R G W lsts 9DU
Do adjt 4s S2'i S L & I M rnn :*AV>'-,
Canada So 2ds 106% S L & S F Gen 6s. 125
C & O Vis M |Kt Peon 163
Do 6s lUKlSt P C & P lsts..H9U
C & N con 7s 141 I Do 6* 120H
Do S F deb 5s. .117 8 P 4s „.... 78^
Chicago Terra is.. S3 So By 5s no
Colorado Bo *4ft...«?K>H Standard It <t . T Cs
D & n G lsts..... .101-41 offered 71
r>o «a 9S%lTex *. Pac lsts. ...11114
Charters.
The Anfirew Welch loads merchaxiiise for
Honolulu; S. T. Alexander, merchandise for
gahtilnt.
The HoncJpu loads lumber at Port Hadlock
for Nousjea, CTs 63; Metha Nelson, lumber at
Taccrna forH<(lo.
Wheat charters prior to arrival are the Af
ffhar.istaa. Europe. S5s: Largo Law, wheat to
E-arope, 40»; b*rley, 41s Sd.
Bank Clearings.
l>eeal ba=k clearlne* last week were $17,027.
1K. t£fur.£i ?I5,E02,at for the same date la«t
jnetr.
Weather Report.
axth Meri«:ar-Pex'.?.c Time.)
6 AN* FRANCISCO. June 23-« p. rn.
The fcllovrlnp maximum temperatures were
reported from ttatlons In California to-fiav:
Eurtka. .'"..' "' V.-'; ~ : i f^ Pan Diego 70
press.0 .. yi Sacramento SI
\jrm Ar.gtles..... 76 Fen Luis Obispo '4
rted Bluil -. S3 -Mount Tajnalpals... 73
Icfiependence nj
Ban Fraacisco data: Maximum temperature,
U; mlninjum. r-2; mean, IS.
WEATKEK CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
FORECAST.
Aa area of high pressure is central off th-»
Washington coast, while a trough-like depres
flcn overlies the Rooky Mountain region, ex
tm&ing from Mexico to the British possessions.
The pressure has fallen eli^htly sver th« Pa
ciflc Slope.
Oeneral'.y cloudy breather prevails west of
the P.orky Mountains.
The temr'erature ha* risen ever Washing-ton
(.- . Oregon s&4 fallen over the Rocky Moun
tain region and upper Missouri Valley.
Forecast made at Fan Francisco for thirty
hc - jrs ending midnight, June 14, l&M:
Northern California — Fair Sunday, except
cloudy or foggy along the coa^t In the morning
s.!-.d evening; 'resh west wind.
Southern Califcrnia— Fair Sunday, except
cloudy cr fOfgy along the coast In the moiu
ire: fresh west wind.
Nevada — Partly cloudy Sunday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Sunday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy cr
fc£g>' *i» the morning and at night; fair dur
lny the day Sunday; fre«h west wind.
G. H. WILLSON,
I>>cal Forecast. OrflciaL
Silver and Exchange, unchanged.
December Wheat advances to $i 24.
Barley higher; Oats, Corn and Rye firm
Hay zveak and dull. Feedstuff s finn.
Flour and Millstuffs very strong.
Potatoes and Onions doing better again. ¦¦
Vegetables in good supply as a rule.
Poultry market zt-cll cleaned up and steady.
Butter and Eggs still drag under large supplies.
Fresh and Dried Fruits stand about as before.
Hides and Tallow weak and accumulating.
Wool and Hops quiet and nominal.
Xothing new in the Meat market.
Bank clearings show a gain over last year.
Proz'isions firmer at Eastern points.
E T. Va & Ga lsts.lO3ti| Do 2d s 55
Erie Gen 4s 70^4 U P 4s 105*;
Ft W & D C lsts.. 70«ii\Vabash lsta 114^
'-.en Electric 5s....ll7u! Do 2ds 10n><»
}-'*£ •"ent lsts 113U ! West Shore 4s 114%
K C P & o lsts. 70 iWis Cent Ifts P<)
L &^N Uni 4s l0O>4iVa Centuries 92',,
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15!Ontario 6 75
Crown Point 07iOphir 6S i
Con Cal & Va 1 45 , Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 1 Quicksilver 160
Gould & Curry 10 • Do prefd 7 00 '
Hale & Norcross.. 22 ¦ Sierra Nevada 2">
Homestake 50 0O . Standard 3 00 1
Iron Pilver 55lf;nlon Con 10,
Mexican 17lY'ellow Jacket OS j
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— (Rubber 24
Call loans 2'SS Union Pacific 4S?« '
Time loans I©4JWeet End S3 |
Stocks— IWestingh Elec 44 •
A T & St Fe 24 I Bonds-
Do rrefd £9Vii Atchlson 4s 100
American Sugar. ...112H Mlnir- Shares —
Boston & Albany.24C Adventure ..: 2
Boston L 13S Allouez Mln Co 1
Boston & Maine. ...192 Amal Copper 85
Chi Bur & Q 121?s!Atlantlc 22
l>ominion Coal 37^ s jIJoston & Mont 2Do
Do rrefd 114 IKutte & Boston fis
Federal Fteel 2*?*' Calumet & Hecla..723
Do prefd 634-*>ntennIal 13'i |
Fitchbriry prefd. ...1W iFfanklln 12'S 1
Gen Electric 127Vi ! t)sceola 33
Do rreld 137 .Parrot S9
Ed Elec 111 205 Quincy 134
Mexican Cent .... 11%' Santa Fe Copper.. 4',4
Mich Tel 90 iTamarack 17s
N E Gas & Coke.. ISTiiUtah Mining 27'i 1
Old Colony 200 jWinona 2H
Old Dominion 16 I
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
great bull influence, but Northwest damage to
the crop and loss of hay and pasture in that
territory are important factors. July closed
*ic over yesterday at 25c. ¦
The provision market was excited and strong.
At the bert pork showed an advance of almost
$L lard 25c and ribs 35c. The market took its
start from the grain advance. Outsiders came
in a rush as buyers and shorts were In a
semi-panic. From the top the market reacted
partially, selling^by packers being the factor.
.1 July .portc closed 47«4c over yesterday, lard 15c
higher and ribs closed 17!£c improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. 8— .
June 87
July S7 88 $54 88
Aujrust 87*i &9U 86% 89%
Corn No. 2 —
June 43 43 42 42H
July 43 43 - 42 42%
August 43U 43 42»j 43U
Oats No. 2— .'.*
July 26 26 2S 25^4
August 26V4 26«i 25tf 28
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 12 30 13 00 12 30 12 65
September 12 50 13 10 12 50 12 87^
Lard, per 100 lbs —
I July 7 05 7 mi 7 05 7 07H
(September 7 10 7 35 7 10 7 2Zhi
October 7 80 7 30 7 25 7 25
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 7 30 7 30 7 12^4 7 15
i September 7 20 7 40 7 20 - 7 25
i Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
winter patents. $4 20^4 40; straits, $3 20(54 10.
I clears. SKT3 SO; spring specials, $4 75; patents,
$3 C0<ff4 20: straits. $3 20<S-3 70; bakers'. $2 40@3;
No. 2 rprlng wheat. 83c: No. 3. SS&SSc: No. 2
red. R9 l '-c: No. 2 ccrn, 42 l ,4'542 : 5ic; No. 2 vellow,
<2 s fW43r: No. 2 oats, .26326^0; No. 2 white, 27H
Cj2S?ic: No. 3 white. '27Vi if 2S^c: No. 1 flaxseed.
$1 SO: No. 1 Northwestern, $1 SO; mess pork, per
barrel. $11 55<g-12 70; lard, per ino pounds. ?6 95
(T7 07H: short ribs sides (loose), $7<f?7 30; dry
salted phaulders (boxrd), 6^i^7c; Bhort clear
sides (boxed), J7 ,V)# 7 60; whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 23. Sugars— Cut loaf, 6.45c; granu
lated. 5.S2c : confectioners' A, 5.SSc; off A, 5.73c.
Clover, contract grade. $S.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 13.000 14, OH)
Wh*-at. bushels :....201.OC0 27.000
Corn, bushels 567.000 540.000
Oats, bushels ..337.000 1S9.000
Hye, bushels 10.0CO
j Barley, bushels 14,000 3.C00
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: creamery, l4t?10c: dairy, 13@
16%c. Cheese, steady; SHSSHc. Eggs, firm;
fresh, lOVic.
light. 12Vic for extra light and 14Hc for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams. -12-3 13c;
Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra Mess, $13; Fam
ily. $14; extra Prime Pork. 115; extra clear, *li;
Mess. $16 50; Smoked Beef. 12^©l3c per lb.
- LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 8%c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
8&c: io-lb tins. «Hc: 5-lb tins, 9»§c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. ,8»i@S*hC per lb; half
barrels, S3t@S~ic; 10-lb tins. 9 Vic >
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides and Tallow are still ousted weak and
dull. There- is little movement . in Hops and
Wool and quotations for both are nominal and
unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
9H<810c; medium. 9c; light. S^c; Cowhides. SH
63c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, S^c; Calf, lie;
Dry Hides, sound. 17c; culls and brands. 140;
Dry Mlp. 15c; Dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins.
Shearlings, 20630c each; short Wool. 33360c
each: medium. 7O@9Oc: long Wool, S191 25 each;
Horse Hides. $1 75g2 /or large and 75c@l 25 for
small; Colts, 25@5Oc. Deerskins— Summer or
red skins. 37V£@4Oc: fall or medium sktr.s. 33H
ft 15c: winter or thin skins, 20c Goatskins—
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 50c; me
dium 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, to per lb; No. t,
3c: refined, 5%c; grease, 2Hc
WOOL— Spring clip la quotable as follows:
Northern free. 15®lSc: Northern defective. 13©
15c; Middle County, free. I5<rai7o; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 13<gl5c; Southern Mountain. 12
months', 12W13c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'. ll©13c: Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 10912c: Humboldt and Mendocino.
17619c: Nevada. 14317c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 6@i0c per lb; new, 9910c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The market Is sufficiently supplied except
with Hogs and receipts of these are again In
creasing. Prices are unchanged.
BEEF — 6<gSc »er lb for fair to choice.
VEAl^-Larsrf. TQTMic: small. 899c p*r lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7g7!ac; ewes, 6g6"-ac per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. SSS^c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6c for small. 5\<8l~is tor
medium and SHffSSc for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, 5%c; dressed Hogs, S3?c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags. $5 (3; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6%c; Wool Bags. 2SH332%ic;
Fleece Twine, 7V»c; Fruit Bags. «H36fte *<»
white and S\i®S*ic for bleached Jute.
COAU- Wellington. SS per ton: new "Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington^ $8; Seattle, W;
Bryant. $6: Coos Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $3; Co
operative Wallsend. SS; Cumberland, $13 In bulk
and $13 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg. $14; Cannel, $11 per ton- Coke. $18 per
ton in bulk and $18 In sacks; Castle Gate and
Rock Springs, $S 45 per 2000 pounds.
SUGAR— The Western gugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in ICO-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.80c: Powdered.
5.40c; Candy Granulated. 5.40c: Dry Granulated.
5.30c; Confectioners' A. 6.30c; Magnolia A. 4.9Cc;
Extra C, 4.80c; Golden C, 4.70c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 23c more: boxes. 50c more;
SO-lb bass. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos.
half-barrels, 6.05c; boxes, 6.30c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. JtTXE 23.
Flour, qr sks .... 11,6431 Wine, gals 55,100
Wheat, ctls 63,241 Raisins, bxs L50O
Barley, ctl3 ll.lSOILlme, bbls 273
Oats, ctls 40|Pelts. bdls 10
Corn. East. ctls.. 600} Wool, bags 37
Corn, ctls 140 i Hay. tons 437
Tallow, ctls 233 [Middlings, sks .. 20
Putter. ct!s 4S2iBran. sks 40
Cheese, ctls 33i Onions, sks S23
Eggs, doz 19,«tft| Hides, no 1.241
Sugar, bbls 367 Bean*, sks 2.411
Leather, rolls ... 12^ I Potatoes, sks ... 4.793
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... £40! Oats, ctls . 830
The weather continued unfavorable, being
clear, with no sign whatever of rain. in the
Spring Wheat belt. Reports of total failure
there are daily increasing, and the disaster Is
said to be complete. There was heavy realiz
ing, but there were buyers for everything. Ac
tive-speculation was reported from all points.
"Dollar wheat" continues the cry.
The local market advanced again, futures
touching II 24 against $1 18U as Friday's best
recorded prices.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, Jl O7',*®1 10; mililn*,
»1 llMN 12',i. ?1f*$'-:
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls, SI 24: 600O. $1 23H; 6000. $1 23%; 6000, $1 23*i:
4000, $1 83*4; S0OO. $1 23H; 6000, $1 23; 6000, $1 22^4;
2000, $1 22%; 2000, II 22^/ • „
Second Session-December— SW ctls. $1 22H:
lS.OiV). $122%: 2000, $122%; 6000, $1 22H: 2030.
$1 22Vi: 4000. SI 22.
Regular Morning Session— December— »XK> ctls.
II I2»i: 10.000, $1 22H; 600O, |1 22't; 10,000. $1 22ft;
«000, $122%. ' ,_ ,_
BARLEY— The market advanced again, both
on and off call. The rise Is purely sympathetic
"with Wheat. *
Feed. 72Vi675c for No. 1 and 63<3>7C>c for oft
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, 77H@
iZVtc; Chevalier, nominal.
CAli, BOARD SAL.ES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o' clock— December, 20C0
Ct'S, 76Vic; 4000, 77c; 2000, 77>ic; 2000. 77Vic; 4000.
77Hc.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, 77%e;
2000. 77c; 2000. 76»4c
. Regular Morning Session — December — 4000 ctls.
75«*c: 2000, 73%c; 6000, 75«4c.
OATS— The tone continues firm In sympathy
with the leading cereals, but the demand Is
slow and prices show no change.
White. *1 104J-1 3o: t-urprlse. »l 22%®1 25: Red,
$1 10©l 20; Gray, $1 07%ffl 15; Black. |1®1 07^
per ctl.
CORN— Firmly held but dull. Eastern large
Yellow. $1 17H@1 20 per ctl; Eastern White,
$1 17H@1 20 r*?r ctl; Mixed, $1 15.
KYt; — 87Vic ior new and 92^4<&.»5c for old.
BUCKWHEAT- Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The market continues stiff, with a good de-
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60S? 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 JO7Z3 50; Oregon
and Washington, U 7o<82 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and ?3 15@3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern, $4 50
("5 50 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Klour, J2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
extra cream do, S3 25; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $2 25<g3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $4'g4 25:
Cracked Wheat. $3 25; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3: Rolled Oat3 (barrels). $6@7 25;
In sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
?5; Green Peas, J5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay ani) Feedstuff s. —
There is nothinc new to report^ Hay beins
weak and dull, with large receipts, and Feed
stuffs firm. Rolled Barley continues to terd
upwaid.
BRAN-$13®14 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-»17(5:0 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, . $16517 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. SW52?; jobbing.
J27 EO-^28; Cocoanut Cake, *20®21; Corn Meal.
$24 50; Cracked Corn. |25; Mixed Feed, $16.
HAY— Wheat, J7 50@9 50 for common to good.
flO for choice: Wheat and Oat, $7 50@9 50; Oat,
J6 50<??K; Alfalfa. $5@7 50 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer. *4 50®6 50: 'Wheat.
|6 50@S; Clover. H 6Cg6; Alfalfa, $5ig7; Barley,
J4 Fif'tifi 50 ser ton.
STRA\V-25#37Hc per bale:
Beans and Seeds.
Dull at previous prices,
BEANS— Bayos. $2 S5©3: small White. $3 25®
3 40: large White. J2 75@3; Pink. $2 50<©2 90: Red.
$2 50@3; Blackeye, $3 50J>:3 73; Butters, nominal;
Lima. $3 30®5 40; Pea, J3 40S3 50; Red Kidneys,
I4S4 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax, $1 90@2 20; Canary, 3>^c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2H"3Sc; Hemp, 4f 4V»c: Timothy,
4@4',4c.
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $1 90<@2 25; Green. $190
®2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions, were firmer. Cucum
bers were lower under larsrer supplies, and
stocks of Corn were also more liberal.
POTATOES. Oregon Burbanks. 65:gS5e: New
Early Rose. .4&ff50c; New Burbanks. jOJS75c per
ctl.
ONIONS— New Red. 65g~75c: BUV3f*ktos. Ke
©Jl per ctl. ..
VEGETABLES— Gr*en Corn. 73c«$l 2a per
sack and crate for Vaoavtlle and WSii for bay;
Rhubarb, 13:535c per box: Asparagus. 75cig$l 75
per box for common to choice and ii'S'i 50 for
fancy large; Green Peas. Si ,'Ogi 7". per .«-ack;
String Beans 2%S5c; Cabbage. 4(vg50c; Toma
toe?. 50c«$l: Rivers. $2; Egg Plant. 6<31'>c:
Green Okra. 25c: Gre^n Peppers. l*S15c for
Chill and 10@2Oc for Bell; Dried Peppers. 89
10c; Carrots, 25 l g3*>c per sack: Summer Squash.
2i1J3Se per box for Vacaville and 5OQ^5c for
Alameda; Cucumbers. 75Ca$l for Alameda and
3S0 5OC per box for Marysville; new Garlic, 2H:S
3c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
The close of the week found thg market well
cleaned up and steady. /
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9#10c for Gobblers
and 11*5130 for Hens; Geese, per pair. $112125;
Gosling, $1@1 25; Ducks. $3 50@4 50 for old and
$3 50® 4 50 for young: Hens, ?4@4 50; young
Roosters, ?4 505J5 50: old RC«Wters, t3 90$<; Fry
ers, $3 50*94: Broilers. 13^3 50 for large and $1 73
@2 25 for small; Pigeons. $1 "Z'gi 30 per doxen
for old and $101 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Quotations for everything remained un
changed, but Eggs and Butter were weak and
dull, with liberal supplies.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamer}'. ISHSISc; seconds,
18c.
Dairy— Fancy. 17H@18e; good to choice, 16®
17c; common, li.tfloo.
CHEESE — New, S@9c; Young . America. 9#
9'Ac- Eastern, 16®17c; Western. I3#l6c per lb.
EGGS-Quoted at 13@Uc for store and 16;31$c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14c. -/-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
Nutmeg melons from Winters brought $2 50
per box.
Bartlett Pears are selling In the country at
120625 per ton.
Peaches were weaker, though choice stock
held up. The same may be paid of Apricots
and Plums. Soft Figs were slaughtered to
clean them up, but fine goods did not suffer.
Apples arrived heavily and were easy. There
was very- little improvement In berries.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS—23®7«C per box and crate for
Royals- in baskets. 20@3.*c: In bulk, 2fi3c per lb
to the trade and 5Cg25 per ton to the can
" "aPPLESt-Io^SSc per basket and 40c!g$l for
a pl*AR^— -tbasflc per box: Bartletts, $1 25'g'l 33.
PLtTaiS — 2O@4Oc per hox and crate and 2(Vg-30c
per basket; In bulk, Jl'Vft'l* per ton; Prunes, 30
665c per crate and 20® 50c per basket.
STRAWPERIUES— J2 W&S SO n.er chest for
laree and $3f?5 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— 1336 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 50^3 30 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— J7^9 per chest.
CURRANTS— $2^4 per chest
FIGS Per box. 25fi30c for single and 33@573c
for double layers.
PEACHES— 3O®75 per box and 33® We per
basket for common and 75 3 Sic per box for
Crawfords.
GRAPES— From Tuma, Jl 60@l 73 per crate.
CHERRIES— 35@60c per box for black; Royal
Anne, E0<&6Cc. In bulk, Z@Gc for black and 3^4
(Sic for Koyal Anne..
CITRUS FRUITS-Seedllngs. 75c@$l 50; Med
iterranean Sweets, $1 2S®2; Valencias, $2®2 75;
Lemons, J1©1 50 for common and $2@2 SO for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $4®5: Bananas.
UB0®3 per bunch; Pineapples, J15CS3 50 per
dozen.
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fcrt Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SUXDAT. JUXB 24.
Sun rises 4:43
Sun sets 7:33
Moon rlsfc 2:32 a. m.
NOTE— In the abov» exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given la th» left
hand column and th« successive tides of th»
day in the order oi occurrence aa to time. Thai
¦ccocd time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tlda
and to* last or right hand column £tves th«
last tide of the day. except when there »r» but
thre* tides, aa sometimes occurs. The heights
Siren are In addition to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Surrey charts, /except
when * minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
ar.d then the number gliren Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plans oC
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
THE.- .SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
Foreign Futures.-
mand,
31
Chicago Grain Market.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The situation remains as before. Apricots be
ing the only new Fruit quoted as yet. The
Prune combine Is apparently a success, which
is a good thing for this industry.
DRIED FRUITS — Old Crop— Prunes, in sacks.
4@4Hc for 40-50' s» 3HCJ 3 &c for 50-Ws. 3»i©3>»c
for W-70's, 3U*Vic for 70-80 p s, 2%®3c for 80-30's
'and 2%g2*ic for 90-lWs. Peaches. 4 1 4®4%c fo*-
BtandarUs. oc for choice and 5H6Sc for fancy;
Peeled Peacnes. lO'SKHc: Kvaporated Apples,
6HS6c; sun-dried, 3S4c per lb; Pears, StttHVic
for dark and 7©Sc for bright halves: Black
Figs, l*4©2c; oWnlte Figs. 2®3e; Bleached
Plums. 7Mrc: Unbleached Plums, 6o for pitted
and lHc for unDitted.
NEW CROP— Apricots. 7@7Hc per lb.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. Oc ;, standard. 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas — .
Fancy, per lb, 8V4c: choice. "He; standard. t>£c;
prime, 5c; unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless,
NMb boxes, 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 6Hc;
3-crown, 6Uc: 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown $1 60 per box; 3-crown,* $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. |2; Dehesa, *2 50; Imperial. • $3. All
prices are f. 0. b. at common shipping points
in California, i
NUTS— Walnuts. 8@9c for Standards and 9Q
10c for softshells; Almonds. HH'iflSc for paper
shell 9©10c for soft and 4*g5c. for hardshell:
Peanuts, 6%66%c for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia Brazil Nut*. 7V4 | gSc: Filberts. i*@lIHc;
Pecans. Ilgl3c; Cocoanuts," $4 50©3.
• HONEY- Comb, 12H@13c for bright and 11©
12c for light amber; water white extracted. 714
©¦7Hc: light amber extracted, 6*ig7c; dark. 6c
P 'beESWAX-24S26c per lb.
: — ¦ -' ¦ ¦ •
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO ARRIVE.
o nine lime nme
g, Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L TV H W
I, W H W L W
!4 »:33 —0.7 1»:M 4.3 2:40 3.(
!5 ... 4:12 1.0 11:13 4.5 3:32 3.1
!« ... 5:00 1.1 12:06 4.7 «::« 3.1
!7 ... 6:12 1.0 12:50 4.8 5:1S J.!
!S ... C:!3 0.3 1:32 5.0 t:ll 3.3
H W L, W H W
!9 ... »:OS B.< 7:00 0.4 2:12! 5.1
» ... 0:57 5.1 7:37 0.0 2:51! 5.:
Time
' L W
in w
0 9:00
1 9:49
1 19:35
I U:22)
L "w|"
1 7:(Ht
ii tm
Ft.
<S
s.s
«.3
to
3.1
35
Steamer. I From. I Dos.
Steamer.
From.
Arcata — Ccos Bay.. Juno H
Prngrtsi ....... Tworai ......_..__. June 2*
South Coast.... Humboidt — . Jua« 24
Santa Ross San DImo J«-i» 2»
Orizaba Humboldt Jurns 2*'
City of Puebla. Victoria * Puget Sound June 2tl
Coos Bay. IXewport _ June 2-*
Willamette ....[Seattle...... Juno M
Serapla I Hamburg. ..«....— ,.^._. Jun» M
Washtenaw ...ITacoma. ...... , .{JuneW
Crescent City... Crescent Clty..._— ._.JJuao 2S
Corona [Pan DieRO ......__..{ June W
WarfleW lOyster Harbor (June •*.
Curacao ...^...iXexico June 29
T>llus 'Oyster Harbor .J>ir* ?>
Nippon Maru ..China and Japan.. «...J7(June 2 •
Moana (Australia. — ..lur.e 2 ?
State of Cal jPortland June S3
N»wbur«r iGrays Harbor — . June 23
Point Arena....!Mendocino June Zi
Bonita (Xewport ' r ~ i "" Jun» W
Aeapulco (New York ' J-ir.* f>
Cooullle Rtv«-r..C;ray» Harbor I June S>
Steamer. Destination.
Bcr.lta Xewport Jm
Umatilla .. Vic & Pgt Fd. Jui
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jui
Santa Rosa ?an Dle»o Jui
Arcata ICoos Bay Ju
North ForkiHumboldt Jui
Columbia .. Portland Ju:
Australia .. Honolulu Jui
Ortraba .... Humboldt Jui
Coos Bay... Newport Jui
Peru iNewYork Ju
Sails.
me 24. 9 I
,ne 15, 11 1
in* T5, 2
me 26. il i
inr IS, !"
me !«. 3
me 27, 11
tne 27, 2
me 27. 2
me 2S. <>
:n» is. i:
—I
arr. 1
an
pml
2 m
am
¦IB
pm
pm
am
2 in
I PtOT.
ilPlerU
iJPler 9
1 1 Pier 3
i 'Pier 11
iJPler 13
I Pier S
i! Pier 24
i Pier 7
i ; Pier 9
l'PI»r 13
it PUSS
Corona San Diego |Ju;
City PnrtlaiVic & Ppt 3d. Jui
1'Pipr »
rv>r!e IChina&JaDani Jui
i:P«?S
1 JOriC t^iii.-a. «jiiua:i: jui
Steamer. Destination.
Bcr.lta Xewport Jm
Umatilla .. Vic & Pgt Fd. Jui
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jui
Santa Rosa ?an Dle»o Jui
Arcata ICoos Bay Ju
North ForkiHumboldt Jui
Columbia .. Portland Ju:
Australia .. Honolulu Jui
Ortraba .... Humboldt Jui
Coos Bay... Newport Jui
Peru iNewYork Ju
Sails.
me 24. 9 I
,ne 15, 11 1
in* T5, 2
me 26. il i
inr IS, !"
me !«. 3
me 27, 11
tne 27, 2
me 27. 2
me 2S. <>
:n» is. i:
—I
arr. 1
an
pml
2 m
am
¦IB
pm
pm
am
2 in
I PtOT.
ilPlerU
iJPler 9
1 1 Pier 3
i 'Pier 11
iJPler 13
I Pier S
i! Pier 24
i Pier 7
i ; Pier 9
l'PI»r 13
it PUSS
Corona San Diego |Ju;
City PnrtlaiVic & Ppt 3d. Jui
1'Pipr »
rv>r!e IChina&JaDani Jui
i:P«?S
1 JOriC t^iii.-a. «jiiua:i: jui
Steamer. I From. I Dos.
Steamer.
From.
Arcata — Ccos Bay.. Juno H
Prngrtsi ....... Tworai ......_..__. June 2*
South Coast.... Humboidt — . Jua« 24
Santa Ross San DImo J«-i» 2»
Orizaba Humboldt Jurns 2*'
City of Puebla. Victoria * Puget Sound June 2tl
Coos Bay. IXewport _ June 2-*
Willamette ....[Seattle...... Juno M
Serapla I Hamburg. ..«....— ,.^._. Jun» M
Washtenaw ...ITacoma. ...... , .{JuneW
Crescent City... Crescent Clty..._— ._.JJuao 2S
Corona [Pan DieRO ......__..{ June W
WarfleW lOyster Harbor (June •*.
Curacao ...^...iXexico June 29
T>llus 'Oyster Harbor .J>ir* ?>
Nippon Maru ..China and Japan.. «...J7(June 2 •
Moana (Australia. — ..lur.e 2 ?
State of Cal jPortland June S3
N»wbur«r iGrays Harbor — . June 23
Point Arena....!Mendocino June Zi
Bonita (Xewport ' r ~ i "" Jun» W
Aeapulco (New York ' J-ir.* f>
Cooullle Rtv«-r..C;ray» Harbor I June S>
o nine lime nme
g, Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L TV H W
I, W H W L W
!4 »:33 —0.7 1»:M 4.3 2:40 3.(
!5 ... 4:12 1.0 11:13 4.5 3:32 3.1
!« ... 5:00 1.1 12:06 4.7 «::« 3.1
!7 ... 6:12 1.0 12:50 4.8 5:1S J.!
!S ... C:!3 0.3 1:32 5.0 t:ll 3.3
H W L, W H W
!9 ... »:OS B.< 7:00 0.4 2:12! 5.1
» ... 0:57 5.1 7:37 0.0 2:51! 5.:
Time
' L W
in w
0 9:00
1 9:49
1 19:35
I U:22)
L "w|"
1 7:(Ht
ii tm
Ft.
<S
s.s
«.3
to
3.1
35
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE !
£a» £^> £^>
MOXDAT. June 23. 13CO. at 11 o'clock a. m..
at J. D. HORAN'S SALES YARDS. Tenth and
Bryant sts.. S. F.. I will sell at PUBLIC AUC-
TION 10O Headaof well-broken and unbroken
Horses, suitable for all purposes. This stock la
direct from the country and must positively be
sold to highest bidder, li you want a horse at
your own price, attend this sale
S. WAT KINS. Auctioneer.
CRIPPLE CREEK ILLUSTRATED!
A great volume. JUST OUT. Nearly 10O pho-
to-engravlngs of gold mining scenes; also cor-
rect map. Gives sketches of every mine and
mill ore produced, dividend.", etc. AB3O-
Ul'TKLT DISINTERESTED. The edition cost
H.0C0 to issue. To Introduce our bl* Illus-
trated weekly family paper 1 founded l?30> w»
trill send you a copy of "CKIPPLE CUEEK
ILLUSTRATED" and our paper 13 weeks on
trial for 2Sc. Clubs of 5. II. Stamps taken.
Latast mtntnv n«w« and w«??cra f.ort**. B«t*»
is th» etSlisr of tht4 parsr. AiirtnFor the greatest shoe sale, which will take
place to-morrow at the Boston Shoe Com
pany. Ladies' shoes and ties.* misses' and
children's shoes, worth from Jl 50 to $3 50 a
pair, will be sold for 50c a pair at the shoe
sale of the Boston Shoe Company, 775
Market street, near Fourth. •
Tell From a Pile of Hay.
J. O'Keefe, a hay merchant at Seventh
end-Brannan streets, fell from a pile of
hay yesterday morning and was rendered
unconscious. He was taken to the "Re
ceiving Hospital, where It was found that
he had sustained a lacerated wound of
the scalp, left ear and nose and was badly
bruised about the body. He soon recov
ered consciousness and was taken' to his
home at 2437 Mission street. -
Deputy Sheriff Waibel got up with the
sun yesterday morning and at 5:20 o'clock
Presented himself at the store of Fang
ing Lee at 51S Front street to levy an
attachment for $21 preferred by J. C.
Gamage. The firm is composed of some
thirty Chinese vegetable peddlers, and
the attachment resulted in the household
ers throughout this city and Oakland be
ing served with vegetables at a later hour
than usual. Waibel reached the place
just as the Mongolians were sorting out
their wares preparatory to going out on
their rounds. When Waibel made known
the nature of his business there was ex
citement among the Chinese. They gath
ered in one corner and cast dark looks
on the Intruder, who' scented danger.
Finally the bill was acknowledged by one
of the tribe, but he asked that he be ar
rested, as he had no money. The others
Joyfully Joined in the recruest, but Waibel
was obdurate ,and •- demande'd -¦ payment,
threatening otherwise to put the vegeta
bles under lock and key. Five or six of
the Chinamen, seeing that they would
not be allowed to take ' out their vegeta
bles, collected the $21 among themselves
and the attachment was released.
THE VEGETABLES WERE
HELD TO SATISFY A DEBT
G. Roberts have bought the Epps placer
mine, near Garden Valley, El Dorado
County, and have bonded the Hartz
quartz mine, adjoining.
The Randsburg Miner says: "At the
Searles Borax Works D. Searles was
given the option of running the works
on his own hook, with the combine
against him, or taking a salary of $500
per month and stop. He chose the
latter."
night and day. "Work has begun at the
Longfellow mine. The Anaconda mine
may soon resume.
The Calaveras Citizen says that sink
ing, by contract, has begun In the Lone
Star mine in the West Point mining dis
trict. T. A. Wilson and Charles Zavalla
are operating the Josephine mine. Work
Is progressing at the Kentucky. The Mor
gan mine at Carson Hill is being put Into
shape to run. The Veritas is still tied
up with legal tangles. The Ford mill has
started up-, crushing rock from the
mine. . The Shea mine on Central Hill has
resumed. • ,
The Yreka Journal says that John
Chase, 1 foreman of the Commodore quartz
mine at Barkhouse, Klamath River, has
leased the mine and mill from the com
pany. A rich channel has Just been un
covered In the American Bar mine,
Klamath River, at Ash Creek. The Bteam
dredger at Hawklnsvllle, in Yreka
Creek, will be kept steadily operating day
and night.
Copper claims have been located in
Fresno, San Benlto and Merced counties
by Alfred Onn, and In Humboldt County.
at the head of Mad River, by Dr. C. H.
Cummings, Harry Paige and William Me-
Cracken.
Judge Bahrs will havf work resumed at
the Little Gem mine, near Volcanovllle.,
El Dorado County. J. F. Jones and W.
Ah Sing's name will go down In history
as the first peddler to become a victim of
the deportment edlot. Judge Fritz was
THE reform sought to be Instituted by |
Mayor Phslan among peddlers In the
matter of lack of politeness has
caused a sensation In hawking cir
cles. It was suggested yesterday that a
room should be set apart In the City Hall
where, upon receiving their licenses, ped
dlers could be ' Instructed by a professor
in deportment to be appointed by his
Honor.
the Judge's instructions. He has eight
more days to be good, and if he keeps up
to the standard of politeness Inaugurated
by the Mayor the case against him will
then be dismissed.
It Is expected that instructions will be
given to the police to arrest all vegetable,
fruit and other peddlers against whom
complaints may be made of not being po
lite in-offering their wares. By that means
it Is expected that sufficient additional
revenue will be procured to prevent the
city from being shrouded next year In
darkness after midnight for several
months, as it has been during the fiscal
year just closing.
THE COURT INSTRUCTS AH SING HOW TO ACT UP TO THE MAYOR'S IDEAS.
- •- - . A ¦ ¦ ,
good enough while putting the case over
for ten days to give this vender of Chi
nese breeze promoters a few pointers
through the help of the interpreter. He
was told to make a nice bow when a lady
approached and deferentially extend to
ward her the fan he wished to sell, with
the remark. In gentle tones, "Buy fan,
lady?" If he persisted In thrusting .the
fan into a person's face he would again
be arrested for disturbing the peace and
get the full penalty the law allowed, the
court admonished him. •
Ah Sing was peddling- his fans as usual
yesterday afternoon in front of the Palace
Hotel, and he seemed to have profited by
Noxious Animals Barred Out.
Port Collector Jackson was notified by
wire yesterday from Assistant Secretary
Epauldine at Washington, D. C, that un
der section 2 of the Act of March 25, 1S00,
he should refuse to enter any mongoose,
bat* or flying foxes. English sparrows. or
gtr.rllng and should destroy the same if
landed here for entry.
Oleeson Jury Disagreed.
Ernest Narjot must be tried again on a
charge of manslaughter for the killing
of James O'Xeil Gleeson in a Market
street resort a few months ago. The jury
that sat in his case came into court late
Friday evening and announced that no
agreement could be reached. The Jury was
polled and stood ten for conviction and
two for acquittal. Judge Cook then dis
missed the jury and the case will be again
set for trial next Saturday.
His Ekull Was Fractured, but He
Sang the "7/Ta rseillaise" While
Under Arrest.
Aupriist von Brcvort, who had been
locked up In the California-street police
etation on the previous nipht for drunk
enness, was found dead in the cell at 7
o'clock yesterday Dr. Leland
found from the autopsy that the man's
skull had b^en fractured at the- base.
There was also an abrasion on the back
of the head and another across the bridge
of the nose.
At the Inquest held yesterday forenoon
the arresting officers. Patrolmen D. B.
Sullivan and A. SI. Cayot, told how they
Jiad found Brevort lying drunk near a
eeaffolding on Montgomery street, at the
intersection of California.
iBrevort was very drunk but was able to
walk to the station with his captors. He
kept roaring the "Marseillaise" all the
way, and when taken to the police sta
tion gave his n3me to the prisonkeeper as
August von Brevort, his age as C8 years,
his birthplace France and his occupation
ehoemaker. He was very hilarious, and
not complaining of any pain his bruises
were regarded as tho?e incidental to the
ordinary inebriate. He was placed In a
cell with two other inebriates and soon
afterward fell asleep. When the prisoners
were aroused in the morning for the pur
pose of being removed to the City Hall
Von Brevort was found cold and stiff. He
had been dead many hours.
Such was the Ftatement made by the ar
resting officers and by Prisonkeepers
Burke and Dwyer.
Morgue Surgeon Thomas .B. W. Leland
testified that the abrasions were such as
might have been produced by a fall, and
the jury returned a verdict of death from
fracture of the Fkull inflicted In a manner
Unknown to the jury.
DRUNKEN WAN DIES IN
A POLICE STATION
The £ead body of Andrew Anderson was
tound yesterday forenoon In a well on
the grounds of the McLean Hospital. A
K>-ccnt piece and a silver watch were all
the ariicios of value found upon the per
son. There is no doubt that he commit
ted suicide.
When the clothing of the dead man was
searched at the Morgue tvro receipts -were
found, one for 5500 and another for 530,
given by a medical firm In ac
knowledgment of his payment to
rhera for treatment of an incurable dis
ease. Anderson, having quit the ad\ er- 
tlslr.g; 5m. had been a patient in the Mc-
Lecii Hospital from June 11 to Jur.e 17 of
tiiis year. The receipts are dated May 2G
and June 4. Xothing could be learned of
the dead man's antecedents. While in the
hospital he showed signs of mental aber
ration. The well in which the body was
found was about thirty feet distant from
a tank and windmill, near the corner of
Nineteer.th and Douglass streets. A two
inch pipe runs up from the center of the
tvtll and the pipe is braced with timbers.
There was just room enough between the
Timbers to admit of the passage of An
derson's body. This fact and those that he
was suffering end penniless support the
theory of suicide. The body had been in
the water &bout two days.
Paid All His Money to Advertising
Medicos, and Then, Penniless,
Hesolved to End His
Life,
Body of Andrew Anderson
Found in a Hospital
Well.
GAVE HIS MONEY
TO DOCTORS AND
SOUGHT DEATH
Owners of lead mines are excited over
the great slump in prices. There has
been a drop of about JlS per ton. The low
est figure since December, 1893, has been
reached. It Is estimated that the loss to
the Cceur d'Alenes at the present rate
will amount to $l,46S,00O per annum. Own
ers and managers of load mines In Utah,
Montana, Colorado and Missouri have
been In conference to see what can be
done to restore the price. Not long ago
lead was quoted at $4 70 per 100 pounds.
Now It Is worth a dollar less per 100
pounds. Lead is quoted at Liverpool at
$3 60. The duty is $1 50 and cost or trans
portation 10 cents. There are several re
ports afloat concerning combinations to be
effected. One is that the Guggenheims
will bo absorbed by the smelter trust on
a basis of $35,000,009 cash, preferred stock,
and an additional bonus in common stock
to eliminate the Guggenheim competition.
A lead producers' association may come
into existence. That Is under considera
tion.
President B. F. Montgomery of the In
ternational Mining Congress at Milwaukee
offered several suggestions in his annual
address. He recommended a permanent
organization of the miners and an annual
meeting. He recommended revision of the
mining laws to have mining placed under
the jurisdiction of Congress exclusively,
eo that there shall be uniformity in
method of location, size of mining claims
and annual assessment work. He also
desired the abolition of "apex rights,"
and favoFed legislation to provide that
the area of a claim shall be circum
scribed by the surface lines drawn ver
tically downward. The establishment of
a national department of mines and min
ing was urged.
Judge Corland has decided in the Fed
eral Court at Kansas City in bankruptcy
proceedings that companies engaged prin
cipally in mining are not subject to the
bankruptcy law, as they are "not engaged
principally in manufacturing, publishing
or mercantile pursuits." as a section of
the law provides must be the occupation
of persons, companies or corporations to
be subject to bankruptcy proceedings.
The decision was rendered in the case of
the Victoria Zinc Mining Company of Oro
nogo, Mo. The company had installed a
new mill costing $72,000, the machinery
contractors being preferred creditors.
Other creditors attempted to force the
company into bankruptcy and defeat the
preferred claims of the machinery men.
A great deal in coal lands is under way
in Utah. The lands comprise eighteen
townships west of SaJt Lake City. They
make up a strip thirty-five miles long and
twenty miles wide. The parties reported
to be behind the deal are residents of St.
Louis. Engineers have Jbeen surveying
there.
The glories of Tombstone, Ariz., may be
revived, so says the Mchave County Min
er. The Tough Nut and Train Quality
mines are still running with a limited
force of men and produce by the new pro
cess paying quantities of gold and silver.
The decline of the camp can be dated
back about a decade, but many high
grade veins of copper and gold have been
located and developed since then. Ef
forts are being made to combine the
Tombstone mines under one management,
by which the now idle-lying properties
can be worked profitably. They are con
nected on the same level and the one
pump In the camp was formerly kept go
ing drawing water from all the mines at
the same time. Over a dispute as to pay
for this work the pump was stopped, the
mines became flooded and work had to be
abandoned and there the gold and silver
has laid ever since. To-day it will take.
It is asserted, a million dollars to
take the water out of these mines.
L. H. Carver contends that laying out
the work in a mine is not very difficult, if
only the matter in hand be treated intelli
gently. It is sometimes possible, he
writes to the Mining and Scientific Press,
from the configuration of the ground to
judge precisely where it can be opened to
the best advantage, but generally it is ad
visable to make a complete topographical
survey and map in order to spread the
exact conditions of the surface clearly, ac
curately and comprehensively before the
mind.
"With a complete topographical map be
fore one. It -would not be a difficult mat
ter to lay out the wqrk Intelligently," he
says. "Contour lines would show the dif
ferences of the slope as they approach
each other or lay further apart, and make
it possible to read off the elevations or
the difference of elevation of any points
instantly. They would be convenient also
In many instances to show just where the
ditch line would be located and its length,
in advance of actual survey and construc
tion, and equally advantageous in select
ing: the best point for a dump.
'"Comparison could be made between the
depth to bedrock in the shafts and the
outcropping at the rim, with dip and the
actual cross section established in some
cases. The area of the best 'pay' could be
as readily located and shown upon such
a map as are the shoals and channels on
the hydrographlc maps of the Govern
ment, and the location of the sluice boxes
could be determined to a certainty for any
desired gradient that would admit the
Erc-atpst possible dumping facilities.
"By simple measurement from an estab
lished base th<» record of the amount of
work for each month could be shown and
the amount of material moved accurate
ly computed. As it is not possible to ob
tain, in the first instance, a test of hy
draulic propositions under actual working
conditions, as !n quartz mining, much care
and attention is required to collect and
produce such information and data In
proper form, so that each step may be in
telligently worked out and thus reach a
combination that goes far to Insure a suc
cessful result when the true economic con
ditions are fully understood and appre
ciated." ,
A correspondent at Chloride. Ariz.,
writes that ten 1000-pound stamps have
been purcnased for the Merrimac mine,
making the equipment twenty stamps.
The Bbaft is COO feet deep and there is a
drift of 2.V* feet. The Tennessee mine is
sending' away four carloads of concen
trates wo^kly. The shaft in the Tennes
see is down nearly 700 feet. The drifting
amounts to 1000 feet. Mr. Rockford has
taken hold of th<? Blue Pod mine and the
shaft is down 70 feet. The contract is
let for sinking 200 feet through the ore
body. Thomas Ewlng, manager of the
Sh«>eptrail mine, keeps twenty stamps i
pounding incessantly. Thirty-five men
are working in Gracey's gold camp, near
Cattamora Island, on tho Colorado. The
building of a smelter at Needles for
the treatment of low-grade ore, which is
nearing completion, has caused many
owners of mines and(Claims to go to work.
The smelter's capacity will be 100 tons
every twp.nty-four hours. Rail rates have
been put at SI 25 per ton from any part
of Mohave County to help open up the
mine?.
The progress of consolidation of mining
properties at Crinnle Creek is marked.
The VTooos Investment Company, the
Stratton-Independence comblnaHon and
about ten others produce the great bulk
of ores in the district, and they have ac
quired large additional area in the district
during the past year. The June output
of the Cripple Creek district will be about
40,000 tons. The falling off Is in milling
orrs. rather than in smelting.
The output of metals in the State of
Washington last year amounted to {1.163 -
487 K6, distributed as follows: Gold, $729
?.S7: silver, $374,510; copper, $13,455; lead.
$4<U33. .
The Arnador Ledger says that drifting
still continues for the ledge at the Ama
dor King. Rock from the Lincoln mine
Is being crushed at a neighboring mill
and the result, is anxiously awaited by
the interested parties. The Kennedy, Ar
gonaut and Zeila mines are producing ana
work at the South Eureka is In full blast.
The Hobart Gold Mining Company has se
cured full control of the Spagnoll mine at
Clinton.
The Tuolumne Independent reports that
a pumping plant will be operated by wa
ter power at Bald Mountain, W. D
Plnkston of Butte, Mont., has put a force
of men to work In the Mount Hood mine
The mill at Mount Jefferson is running
Tombstone Ambitious to Resume
Glory of Old Boom Days— Fall
in Price of Lead
Causes Losses.
Mines That Have Been Closed
Reopened in Quest of
Buried Gold.
SINKING SHAFTS
T0 LOCATE THE
PRECIOUS ORES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 24, 1900.
PEDDLERS MUST BE POLITE
WHILE SELLING THEIR WARES
Be One of the First
32
BAmv4.Y's hi:ai>y VULV.XM.V naa etood
i-.nrlvaled before tbe public for SO years as a
Pain Pxmedy. It Instantly relieve* and quickly
cure* ill Coli«. Sore Throat*. Influenra. Bron-
chltlfc. Pneumonia. Rheum*a»ra. Neuralgia.
Ile*<l«.cLe. Tootkacbe and all pains. Internally
for &l&l*rla and all Bowel Pains. All druggist*.
0PTICIAN5^L nT SRAPH |CAPF>AWT «».
rnuiuw Scientific
642 Market St. instruments
under chronicle Button. CaTAIOSU! full.
If you are wearing Eye-Glasses that ore no\
satisfactory, we can give you relief in a few
minutes* and at lowest cost (for first-class serv-
ice). Our Famous Clips attached for 50c, whila
you wait.
Oca lists' prescriptions filled. Factory oa prem-
ise.-!. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala 10.
Satisfactory
Eye=Glasses.
1310-1312 Stockton St.* Near Broadway.
Open Evenings.
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
BEDROOM— Bedroom set. 7 pieces, hardwood;
1 good Wire Spring. I good Top Mattress. 1
Pair Pillows.
PARLOR— 6 pieces Oak or Mahogany Uphol-
stered Set.
DINING-ROOM-1 Hardwood Extension Table.
8 Oak Chairs.
KITCHEN— 1 Patent Table. 1 No. 7 Stove. 3
Chairs.
' No extra charge on credit.
.• — MAKE YOUR OWN TERMS. —
4- Room Furniture
....SUMMER....
SENSATIONAL CUT IN PRICES!
Tailor-Made Suits at Less Than
Cost of Labor!
$4.95 • $1.45
TAILOR SUITS in all-wool gray homespun MELTOX JACKETS, lined throughout.
and light and dark gray fancy wool, newest style, value $3 SO, at 91.45.
Eton effect. Jacket silk lined, skirt new
? cut, lined with good percallne, excellent C$> ET /I CT
value for $10. at 94.05. \J) O ¦ T" O
rt^ ,_ A _ SUPERIOR QUALITY ALL-WOOL
SjV^ZL^} BLACK DIAGONAL JACKETS, lined
/ H 7 ¦ with Peau de Sole, newest cut. real value
PURE WOOL CAMEL'S HAIR AND *10, at 95.45.
DARK INVISIBLE CHECK TAILOR
SUITS, perfect fitting, newest spring d^ 1 Qk £T
style, real value $15, at $7.45.
DRESS SKIRTS, all wool, lined througii-
Mil Cj QQ out. value V, to close at $1.95.
TIGHT-FITTING AND ETON EFFECT (Jk^ /] C
STYLISH TAILOR SUITS, jacket silk ' »t**-»
lined, skirt lined with superior quality HIGH-GRADE BLACK CREPON SKIRTS,
mercerized sateen, regular $20 suits, at newest cut. rich patterns, regular pries
9K>. HO. at 97.45.
EXTRA SPECIAL!
SHIRT WAISTS, DUCK AND PIQUE OUTING SUITS AND SKIRTS to be closed oat
at Twenty-Five Cents oa the Dollar.
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
advertising by millinery _^r /— -r /mST hosiery sale
|^ th« sain of trimmed hats was such X^*^&**^fjf3&/^^^^!&^i/l M&f/ /Zr3\ - ladles' silk rlaterl ho?f> — 150 pairs ladies' r-^al
/-ffff^£wflk1S2H^Mfl 60 dress hats of the class and make fP?W/ _r^^^1 _ r*^^ Iron'thread hose— 130 dozen mi^^s' *.?\ jt'^A
jgSjgaNSjXSHMBgr that have been sold regularly at ?4 00 //stS?/ """ and boys' fast Mack 'Iron thread" hose, fln«3 ' \ figr.
XV§2£*21«reHB«fiBM to $10. but which will be but $2 to $3. /fUefif f!&&h/f>Lm± />/t/\n6 rib heavy weight, hard twisfd elastic cotton. ¦ 1 BHJi,
ffqjB^g^gSBSHflJM^jf it's fresh, new Roods, while In style, °"«<fi£aaiTfr&c»__^ Wul?ff l 0 GJGSQmSLP^-Z^^ extra double knees, heels and toes, sizes 6 to . M JSVr-*
at end ot season's prtceB. ''*' ''¦! iMl I ¦mi 10" special r*r pair I- 1 ?'- -*V J^W,--
jSjvS&SSSSXS&Sa^* rough straw tarn and walking hats ¦^^m«*«^« 1^^ ladies' sllkine hose — l^ b^x»* ladies' fine i:r>- *- Off ->
r^m&^WBtSSK 1^ In the latest blocks, with quill, vel- nnr nnrj r\nr\ r\ a a r\ a o r\ a i- n . n m 1 xO± ~«± Dorted silkine hose, medium weight, extra Ions %r
J *|Im$ aLe£§WWJKy&:.^ 935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street. SSSl"S-^r£. u ,|
/ "'^St^S^^SPJ' ~^c and ?3c r'ai-s in. box' per pair. 3Cc; per Kx $1 •->
L trimmed loghorns and chip hats for pa
>^' \K In/Wl) children, the simple, neat kind, each \ciC\\t\V\fy \f\tt\ thP futUKP *
XZ-J^^s£*4' $100 and $123 lUUMIIt, IIIIV UIC IUIUIC
. l^ -*" v^ J sailors— black, white, brown or blue . , ... . mU^lltl SOWflS .<M«v
J*— i( t Bailors, each i5c and 23c m about ten weeks we move to the magnificent new store now nearing ' ¦!•%•«»¦••¦ ** w w dtf&k
sailor hats with crush foulard bands .. ««•,.,., .«» . < •'•''« „,.«. /mm of ladies' musMn jsh «5t
20c and 30c completion and which will be a model of convenience and comfort, most houses 6 styles to «« e « nne soft finished m-jsim. j^i «Sr
rough straw eallora with ribbon or foulard bands 49c • u ¦ iU i t. j 4 i .... . , , . 4 . u * B ° wns ', 1 ?ti?h vnke of da' "ty embroidery iB&W
children's fluted brim hats with bows u &5 in their growth make changes and take on additional stores, but at the best »^ e^« h S ne tuek« ribbon bow collar and /mFv^\
¦ j j . • it is patchwork and incomplete. Building entire we are enabled to properly in- cuffs oT'flne c " lbro t 1^f£g' an^/u^He'trirnm^n^^^^Wf?^ )
arnold dressing Sacque corporate all approved features of lighting, heating, arranging, elevator ser- \[
J||> e iSKfVu. vIce . delivering-iti short, all the modern improvements to facilitate our rapidly $&*£-«
rTb1)o P n al b^^ k ne^"'c t oiiIr b a^d C c1i f frs growing trade and afford our patrons the most pleasant shopping accommo- SlIK SdlSe *> \
«T are ribbon trimmed 'come in a variety dations. \ ' fnr * M , wee k one of the many good thlnsrs jlf » \
--^J-*v>. of colors; sizes 32 to 42 bust measure: . ror xnis v " . black sat i n duches3, guar- V> \ \
.^^^j^S^ a dainty and becoming garment; price during the ten remaining weeks that we are in the old Store we propose to ' te ° e dLi s llk. very popular for separate skirts \ \
""""" """"""""""""""""""" tH grow faster than ever before, and to do this in face of the splendid record and t^^^^Sii^a!^mSi'miitSt^e'n*^^ til \
Child's drawers acknowledged great values that have regularly been given here we realize that 5 e S^"^^1^SfS^^^ \\ ' I
NJnr' L—^Sroi the y wllt outwear muslin, are soft "and offerings like these here described are necessary. *
X yf'ff-Tf ii ii'r-ir4TIn^ pliable, wash easily and are preferable
J&U 'HlZA TTl^^cr tn even' resi>ect to any woven fabric: |!>>anc
/Tr^vlFiX / 2S?5 come single or double fold trimmed - i ¦ ¦ .. - llflCllO
M|i_l'yiy^lSr with Hamburg edging: /-C5\ CI03KS BI\U SUltS i
yP" ' -**-< f Q&\ \ single fold. 2 and 4 years, per pair.. 45c //— V, 1 - . viwmi»« ""« O*iifc«>,- . k» dozen unbleached Turkish towels, size
// I \ eln«rle fold. 6 and 8 years, per pair. .50c sf^f*4 \/J „_„-* ,_^..^*-«_ i ' t i J- » 20x44 good heavy quality, only a limited
V \ I double fold, 2 and 4 years, per pair.. 60c (/l^'^r/A the &reat reduction sale of ladies SK> number- each ...'.... 12 V 2C
// \ double fold, Band 8 years, per pair.. 65c W^^^ tailor-made suits and heavy jackets is Jr^SJS in our' linen stock we have 57 tea and din- \
1 * • SSM meeting with unqualified success, and »« ?^ £3T~£ /\
fSalG neCkWear tS^S^^la While the quantity IS very large, the \H -"**? have colored borders; there are seven <T) 1^1
the entire sample line of a representative W> f* earlier the C . al ! the better the selection. tT?10 g'r * S*?* ard%-16- [v\(
New York neckwear manufacturer will be on t^V *l it is a Striking event for economical lA of 'a table cover and 12 napkins; per set.... 1^>
Jm^ shoppers, as the sale includes many /f /#V"V n =° to * :o /fTV^M?
patterns and styles that notwithstanding the s\ >J >«. Splendid suits — some that were as high ff MS V V I (I^t-JA
WgoS $$mg$!& fh %r\\ f the prices now prevailing are f W J| sa , e of heddinff Wfc iP3
a dollar's worth for fifty cents. [l/fh V^aAl $5-00, $7-50, $10.00 and $15.00. V 1 t 1 OCIIt Ul M^MMIII*^ rf\X^/s<-^ VJ*
ladies' neckwoar worth 25c. for 15c each "''J O Q1 1 :„ ; n^L-p t e «¦.¦*.!•. ,-nm-e. m^rl^cri r»A-nr- \ I / I ... 1 nm mi t 0 '
ladies' neckwear worth 35c for 18c each fl A I . m jackets even more marked redUC- \ I y a. tie offering at quick sale prices. :/-"* \ LA
ladles' neckwear worth BOc for 25c each - .' / • •*>. ji I tions have been made, the COSt to US \ 1 f \ ] 2C0 pairs gray cotton blankets; mixed lot If *^A n\
ladles' neckwear worth . 75c for S8c each ' (V 1 A n'J / nlnvino- litfU narf with thncA that -jr* \1 i / of odds and ends that at thls t!me . wl11 be J-b-JL 1 1 1
ladles 1 neckwear worth $100 for 4Sc each l\ \. ® °U P la ) ln g "ttle part \Mttl ttlOSe ttiat are MlA / found especially adapted for camping r-r- KX^S-.A ;\ 1
ladies' neckwear worth Jl 50 to $2 50. .98c each ¦ / \ T-. Al not present Styles. many in the lot, \J ¦ poses; blankets for all beds, large or small. y****^^> « V
Ctrnno etatinnprv epllino \ 1 jAshc¥ however are of this season's buying— K P w KcomVorisi'wnVtVVouon^ifel'c'ov-
SirOng SldUOnery Selling \ yfiSlfc J present Closing OUt prices, $1.50, $2.50, I ered with figured sllkollne on both sides.
writing paper, 60 sheets and 60 envelopes. ...23c \ r/^^Vw 1 Sn? $6 7S and $0 7«? / Persian patterns; each '. $145
¦Whiting's kid finish writing paper, 24 sheets i \ V Ur£jQRl *>/3» *"' / 3 a " u "Py-/3- • I
and 2* envelopes 20o \... irjaaL T" % . _ -. /// i X : n <>l.inntv>aMf <«
envelopes. 250 m package, 6% size 30c Ai£r+ imnortant sale of UD-to- /// Dasemeht ifiaucements
Hale's rubber tipped pencils, doz 25c r^Tr HH iiupwuMin wmv w.i wp wv» i ji
• /rTAJL IM j rt i n L.u- / // mason Jars, porcelain lined, pts. 5Sc doz.. Qts. 63c ioz., 2 qts.
.. . A , .. ¦ '^v^iTTir' aate oens j/// &te
artlCleS fOr the tOllet ? our Now York office »eeeeded In landing an %/ Srd« a S2JT\ **3 p'y P
Blchard Hudnut's perfumes, all odors, ounce 50c "^H !,? m . el l 8e , t line . of 1^ j^^,? 1 '^^ 11 ( la " /W icecream freezers, 3 qt. (white mountain) 12 35
cosmo buttermilk soap. 3 cake* for 25c 41 d l^^'nSi Xm?\£1^L£ «r S r.°t»n °nrw, S ' gasoline stove. 2 burner $3 87
castlle Boap. 1-lb bars 10c \ \ hLve thlm Into dlfferenl lots" * > awn mowers. 10-inch size J3 00
pure vaseline. 4-ounce bottle So have assorted them Into three different lots. hammock, closely woven, pillow and spreader 80c
fountain syringe $1 20 nt , eathM . black, mo(Je „„ hammock, very closely woven, with pillow, spreader and ral-
and pulley belts, white A undressed kid pulley and anca »* w
nnw {f\V -s^v Ksicro I*.-*- kid graduated and pul- fl£<^~^ graduated belts; seal i.i
•Iw" IUI //*""^ ""ft^ lOt ley belts, plain leather B&bS*^''^ \^*> pulley and graduated 1OI
60 specially 4 belts with covered buck- fceIts ln , tan and black; q CaiTID^SSn j drff**i&"> COttOll
thflt • /^pTP^-wj^ bought for a va- I les in white, tan. brown, erj&LX&% patent leather pulley— O vumpwimi j+> —iTOl V^WVfcWll
* Mfc /^ff]^'-^n-\<\ cation offering, . green and black, pat- jm/AF/SS^' graduated and plain , hllttOMQ Or f *A*Ti ¦ •
t-/f r :l : - ¦¦¦¦&'• -;Hi^\\ 14 inch, leather at ent and seal leather dog straight belts; dog collar at MMfcfcWilO ff W» «8 M ClBimS
neW f/Ai lined. covered u collar belts, black and isS^Aj belts; plain seal belts in ~~~ handsome campaign*! it. \W -•H *"•<••»•¦<»
\#f''fjfc- -jiLlM Immc with side 15?P colored embossed and J^ZZr^r—^ black, tan. green and zlXfi buttons of President U \— J £/ ..,.. ,»««~,»_«i.,
. \I^^P«F P 00116 '' bras3 corded sllk P raduatt 'iJ •^S^^^W^ rP ' 1: sturilie^ l>eIts lrl 7 McKinley; lV4-lnch slze-Wjrs^^ ou* .unerio^ st^^s
CireSS VMfS%gg^^:W trimmed, En?- nonVl and pulley belts with >-^^^gi^^|v tan, mode and gray in pnpli -each lc fn'^t^l^ f /L.
mi vwt> ]Jgh sUtched handle> cover lnla ' ld> clu » b eaCll fancy buckles, dresden /g^ undressed leather: white Cd.CH In cotton goods. In thU
~irr~A m.rr »nrt ,,«•«¦ Ehape. worth if, sale price J2 95 effect pulley belts with g?^ kid pulley and graduated f| ncrc f nl> f U» (T^ ?-»iT,». S exceptional
oxford *ray and new fancy buckles, worth fes^^ jiZZtf belts, worth 75c to *1 75. TIa&JS TUT 1116 C -values as to compel
bro^-n. full 56 inches tflinlre J5c to EOc - rT&lS' x A ., H i.L. f°°* housekeepers' at-
r ld * f . ?«m eT «"7« t ii e -a^-= i^^^^^' rUnKS the "Bapho," the very ealf»nf TOUrth tendance.
.trraSivga^ .y^Sai: lot is v^ta^i^s /O> Ks^ flass - oa iL *£J££&8rsz
tsyr^f^Tc: .Rffl^^g s? g '- ne x l f irlliiS-ir'puHy ///? watc ,f^ h Vl
cert without a good p*Jr*L^rff7T~iM canvas covl belts. patent leather / / // values like these are making iu ln bT - 7 U,",n Effi^P^>^ 130 doz pillow casesT
concOF?ion. w» there- /?S^JgB^i-i'.^j^ — ngl ere.l, iron o+ graduated and pulley / S !¦</ our Jewelry department popular. dozen " .Sc B^S*^«iS good quality muslin,
fore offer per yard. 83= bounce- at WU morocco leather / J^J^ ladies' orients' open or hunt- £ by 14 ij£ %$7 £$?&£ fel
all wool. 39 inch wide. t b 25C belts, black and colored \L*?0ffl&lg ln & case. 5-year guarantee, 14 couon""to each; 54^8. l^Vc
We covert rollings in lock. iron . graduated and pulley >0^S9Tj karat sold-fllled cas«. fitted with posHively ff« &^H^» ej! - h -
fancy mixtures for that bottom, steel center band. 4 heavy PaCll bplts - black and colored A£ " ii>«d coro-ii mnr^mt » ™r- colors bound on I^**CT^^^^ 5 Act v ,k
economical outing cos- cleats across top. sizes 30, 32, 34 and C«*^U k „ bJ fc , ack 7-Jewel corona movement, a per- Z™ithranva" JL t Zlli,5? at 5
tume. to close at, per 36 Inches, worth from ?5 to »6 50. only and Colored do ff collar * 'ect timekeeper, regular J10 artl- read? for doI^ '' £n P i «
?** 35 ° * s W- belt., worth 50c to 75c. cle for , 6 75 6x8 a /eet ... P .!ii 75 8^12 feet $3 50 sfze S" each P .!"?.«c
mail orders filled with utmost accuracy and dispatch,
this store for rent after September 1st. subdivide to suit tenants, apply to G. H. Umbsen & Co.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hole's.
Hale's.
' THE CREDIT HOUSE" j
Six Storict High j
Folding 1 Lawn or Porch Chair. J
Canvass covered; roomy & in- ;
viiing. Easily adjusted for j
reading, lounging or the naps j
that are the best part of an ;
outing. I olds compactly — can j
check with baggage or take on «
steamer- trip. 85 cents j
Bi£, Roll -arm Willow & Rattan j
Rockers & Chairs, £2 to $15; dainty !
ones for the little folk, too. Porch ;
Chairs & Settees for summer com- j
fort in city or country homes. '.
With 3. Folding Go-Cart you can !
take baby everywhere in park or j
country. Folds to lur.ch-basket size ;
easy to carry on car, train or boat. I
Cane scat& back; steel wheels & ;
rubber tires. Will last till baby ;
outgrows it $3.00 J
Drapery Department— Ruffled "Cot-* j
tage" Lace Curtains. Large, new j
line of these dainty dining-room ;
favorites; as low as J 1.50 a pair. " \ •
CARPET DEPARTMENT j
Eeloochistan, All Wool, Rugs. •
Thick, strong & serviceable, bright, j
Oriental patterns, alike on both \
sides. Fringed ends. 27 x 52 in.. •
regularly $2.50; $1.25 :
Free Delivery. Oaldani. Ala'meda, Berkeley j
m. fri¥dmSn~& co. I
(Incorporated) I
233 - 237 Post St. Open Evenings . j