According to Information given by a gentleman of this city long resident In and very familiar with the topography
of China, it is one of the most Inaccessible. places in the whole country from the sea coast. . Ichang, on the Yangtse, some
250 miles above Hankow, is the nearest point of • approach by navigable water, but the great Kianlong Mountain barrier,
with tho STnling Range, 'stands In the way. The sole pass over the latter has an altitude of • 4100- feet, while there Is none
over the former except far to the east or, west. The great highway between Western and Eastern China passes through
Singan-fu, following the Wel-ho, through the famous Tung-kwan gate to. the Hoangho at the southwestern point of the "great
bend," and there diverging one route goes across Shansi and Chill to Peking, and the other along the valley of the Hoang
ho to Honan, Kaifong and the coast cities.
On account of its peculiar situation and the fertile country around It Singran has for thousands of years been a com
mercial city of the first class. Its population is variously estimated at from 750.000 to 1,500,000 souls. Each of its square
walls, facing- the cardinal points of the compass, is over six miles -long, and is pierced' in the center by a monumental
gate with lofty pavilions. . . ,
Singan-fu, or Slan-fu, Is identified as the Chan-gran of Marco Polo, and ia probably the Thlnal of Ptolemy. It wa3
founded in the twelfth century, B. C, and was for over 2000 years the capital of Eastern China (1122, B. C, to 1250.A. D.)
Under the Tsin dynasty It was the capital of the Middle Kingdom from 906 to 12S0. A. ,D. The province of Shensi. of
which it is the capital, has an area of 67,000 square niiles, and a population of about 12,000,000. With the capital estab
lished at Singan. years may elapse before the Chinese Government is brought to terms, or the unfortunate Europeans
and Americans who have been sent there set free.
¥ ONDON, June 27.— The latest Shanghai report says Prince Tuan
JL,^ (the head of the Chinese Foreign Office and father of tbe \)eir
apparent) has sent tbe legationers to Sian-Fu under escort, and
adds that SiaQ-pu will be the new capital in the event of Peking being
occupied by tbe international forces. f
From Shanghai Comes a Report
That Legationers Have Been
Sent From Peking to a Chinese
" St. Helena," Five Hundred Miles
jr rom tne oa.pi tsii..
BANISHMENT OF
THE FOREIGNERS
EUROPEANS BEPORTED SAPE.
LONDON, June 27.— The British Consul
at :Amoy telegraphs this morning that the
Europeans at* Peking are reported to be
safe.,---. ¦•; - - .-...-.;...- ¦; ... -.
LONDON, . June 27.— A dispatch from
Tientsin dated yesterday says that the
Protestant mission at •. Weihsien was
burned down by rebels Monday night last.
BUBNED-DOWN BY BEBELS.
LONDON. June 27.— A special dispatch
from Chefu says: "The fight of the allied
forces against the combined Boxers and
the Chinese soldiery barring the road to
Tientsin opened at daybreak. ' One hun
dred and fifty Americans were among the
2000 International troops. The Chinese
broke under heavy shelling and then the
arsenal was. attacked and the guns were
gradually siienced- The fight was prac
tically; over at noon.' .
"The keen friendly rivalry for the honor
of first } enterlng^the city resulted in the
Americans and going In neck and
neck, with the others close up."
AMERICANS AND BRITONS
THE FIRST TO RUSH IN
NASHVILL.E. Term., June 27.— Military
circles were stirred up In Nashville to
night over a telegram received by Adju
tant General Lamb of the State Guard
from General Corbin, asking for an Imme
diate report as to the strength of the
Tennessee militia, . regularly \ organized
and equipped. General Lamb replied that
Tennessee had twenty-three infantry com
panies, eighty men each, eleven of which
are now in . the Fifth Regiment, nine in
the Sixth and three, unattached; also one
troop of cavalry unattached.
Among militia officers who .know of the
telegram It has * caused ¦a ; great deal ¦ of
war talk, as the men believe the Inventory
of fighting men in. various States is being
taken, much ths same as was done before
the declaration of war with ' Spain. .. ; .
INVENTORY OF FIGHTING
MEN IS BEING TAKEN
chwang for Peking, has reached Its des
tination. The possibility that the Rus
sians may be in the capital will make
Great Britain and Japan anxious to get
their troops there, and it is the expecta
tion that no time will be lost by the
allies in taking up the march to Peking.
Receives a Gable Message From
Peking Dated June 19 Telling
of the Departure From the
Chinese Capital of Foreign
Diplomats Under Guard.
WASHINGTON, June 27.— The Chinese Minister called thia morning on
the Secretary of State and communicated to him the contents of a
dispatch which he had received from the Tsung-11 Tamen at Peking,
dated on the 19th inst. The dispatch states that the foreign Ministers
had before this data asked permission for the legayen guards to enter
the city, which permission had been granted: that they subsequently asked that
these guards be reinforced, which the Chinese Government was not disposed to
permit. The dispatch then goes on to state that the Consul General at Tientsin—
supposed to be the French Consul General— had telegraphed, to the Viceroy of
Chill that the foreign admiral had demanded the surrender of the Taku forts
and that the foreign Ministers were shortly to leave Peking for Tientsin with,
their guards.
The developments of to-day respecting China were Important and Interesting.
Tho Chinese Minister's report of the departure of the foreign Ministers and their
guards from Peking greatly relieved the officials here, who took it as the first
tangible evidence that the Imperial Chinese Government had a full realization
of the enormity of permitting the Ministers to come to personal harm and were,
thus undertaking as far as lay in their power to observe the amenities of Inter
national intarcourse.
The keenest interest is shown by the officials to learn the conditions under
which tho Ministers left Peking. Minister Wu's dispatch was ominously silent
on that point, and though the Minister himself maintains almost obstinately
his confidence in the non-existenco of , a state of war. It is generally admitted,
that It will be difficult to accept his conclusion if it shall transpire that the Pe
king Government itself has sent the Ministers away with their passports*-or what
may come to the same thing, with a guard as safe conduct. At the State Depart
ment it is said that should it be explained that the Imperial Government did this
not with a purpose of rupturing diplomatic relations but simply to Insure tho
safety of the Ministers, which they were unable to guarantee as long as they
remained In Peking, then there Is still ground for an understanding.
It is. however, pointed out that in such case the self-confessed Inability of
the Imperial Government to maintain peace and order - at the- capital would
amount to an admission of its utter failure as a Government and would leave
China in a state worse than that of actual war. In either event it row appears
to the satisfaction of the officials that there was absolute Justification for such
Intervention as we have offered In China.
Notice has come to the Government that the cable companies have again re
opened communication telegraphically with Taku and Chefu. This arrangement
has been made by means of the Russian telegraphic system connecting with th»
Siberian Railroad system. A European agent has managed to reopen the lines,
though the means of communication between Chefu and Taku and Tientsin are
tortuous and probably precarious.
The War Department officials still Insist that no orders have gone forth to
send more troops to China than the Ninth Regiment now on Its way from Ma
nila aa<s the Sixth Cavalry, which will sail from San Francisco next Sunday for
Nagasaki and perhaps Taku. It is said that with these two organizations and
the marines now on Chinese soil General Chaffee will have the fu!l brigade to
which his rank entitles him.
Rumors, of withdrawals -of troops from Cuba are said to be the probable basis
for the persistent statements that more soldiers have been ordered to China.
It is /admitted that, two regiments will soon be ordered to China. It is ad
mitted that two regiments will soon be ordered to the United States from Cuba,
the particular organizations being designated by General Wood, but they sim
ply will take the place in home garrisons of regulars which will go out to
Manila to relieve volunteer organizations there.
Major Simpson, chief of the bureau of Information of the War Department,
is engaged in the preparation of a map of China which will show with as great
particularity as possible that part of the empire in which the present trouble
is. being experienced. Immense difficulties are being 1 encountered In obtaining
accurate information with respect not only to the topojrraphy of the country, but
also as to : the telegraph and railway lines. Detailed and up-to-date informa
tion is scarcely to.be had, but In a short time a reasonably accurate map of the
country will be ready for the use of the . department officials and the troops
which may find China a field of operations.
Officials in the State and War departments to-day were Interested in the dis
patch received by Minister Wu from Peking, not only because of its contents,
but. especially because of the route by whiCjh it was transmitted. Wu said it
reached him from Peking by. way of Sinanfu. • Slnan is the capital of the pro
vince of Shantung, southeast of Peking and northwest of Shanghai. Tha
word "fu," following the name of a city, indicates that it is the capital of a
province. The city is near the Hoarigho, one of the two great rivers of China.
Telegraphic communication between Peking and Slnan (or Tsinan. as it is show a
on the German maps) is almost direct; thence to Shanghai, the nearest cable
Btatlon; the route la roundabout. That Minister Wu's dispatch came from
Shanghai 13 almost certain, aa according to the best maps in the possession of
the department there are no cable stations north of Shanghai on the Chinese
coast. , .
MINISTER WU
IMPARTS NEWS
STORIES OF SLAUGHTER
AND PILLAGE AT PEKING
VANCOUVER. B. C. June 27.— Accord-
Ing to Shanghai papers received by the
steamer Empress of China to-day the first
legation guards to enter Peking was tho
American contingent from the U. S. S.
Newark.
Dippatches to Yokohama from Peking
on June 13 state that the slaughter and
pillaging of the native converts was be-
Ins continued with increased violence. In
one station of the American Methodists
ten Christiana were killed, most of them
being women and children. A station of
the American Board Mission has been de
stroyed and every one tljere killed. A na-
tive adherent of the church of England
has also been killed, but the names of
none of these victims are yet to hand ex
cept that of Mme. Astler. Messrs. Os
sent and Cadu are reported as among the
foreign victims of the Boxers, without
stating their station locations.
Brigadier General Yang, who was am
•ushed and murdered by Boxers at Lal
shul. near Pao Ting Fu, while en route
to investigate a case of reported murder
of Christians, is to be cashiered in spite
of his death, the charge against him be
ing disobedience of orders in that he had
been ordered to "investigate" and not
come to blows with the mob.
FLOCKING PBOM THE INTERIOR.
HONGKONG, June 27.— Large numbers
of Chinese converts and missionaries are
arriving here from the Interior.
CHAFFEE DEPARTS
FOR SAN FRANCISCO
WASHINGTON, June 27.— General Chaf
fee. who has been ordered to command
the American troops in China, left Wash
ington at 10:40 o'clock to-day for San
Francisco, accompanied by Lieutenant
Harper, his aid. He is due at San Fran
cisco at 5 o'clock Sunday morning and
sails for Nagasaki on the transport Grant
with the Sixth Cavalry the same day.
It Is expected that the transport Grant
with General Chaffee on board will arrive
at Nagasaki about July. 23, which would
insure his arrival at Taku. by August 1.
General Chaffee has been in conference
with Major Simpson as to the' topography
of the country in which, according to
present expectations,' the foreign troops
will operate. AH the information in the
possession of the bureau has been placed
at his disposal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HT7BBYINO TO PEKING.
WASHINGTON, June 27.—Administra
tion officials . are now speculating on
whether .the column" of. 4000 Russians,
which was reported to have left Niu-
LO>nX»r, June 28, 3:2) a. m.— The composite brigade of 2300 men who raised
the investment of Tientsin and pushed on to help Admiral Seymour, has
probably savfnl him. but the news has not yet reached Chefu, the nearest
¦wire point- The last steamer arriving at Chefu from Taku brought this
message, dated Tientsin, Monday, June 25:
"The Russian general in command of the relief force had decided, in view of
Saturday's heavy flphtlng and marching, that one day's rest for the troops was
essential and that the advance should not be resumed until to-day. Meanwhile
came Admiral Seymour's heliograph that his position was desperate and that he
could onJy hold out two days. The relief started at dawn to-day (Monday)."
Saturday's fighting began at daybreak. The allipd forces opened with sev
eral of the Terrible's 4.7 naval guns, six field guns and numerous machine gruns.
the firing: beir.g at long range. They continued- to advance steadily, the Chinese
Artillery replying. The guns of the allies were more skillfully handled and put
the guns of the Chinese out of action, one by one, the Chinese retreating about
noon.
There was keen rivalry among the representatives of the various nations as
to which would enter Tientsin first and the Americans and British went in neck
and neck. Tho Russians stormed the arsenal, thereby sustaining the largest
losses.
Several thousand Japanese have left Taku for Tientsin and altogether 13,000
Japanese have landed. The international troops now aggregate nearly 20,000 and
Japan Is preparing to send 20.000 more. With British. American and other troops
ordered to go probably CO.OOO will be available in a montji.
The Tong Shan refugees and the foreign engineers at Chefu estimate tho
Chinese troops now In the field at 25.000 drilled troops at Lv Tai, 23,000 at Shan
Hal Wan, IS ,OOO driven off from Tientsin and 100,000 at Peking.
Th« dispatch received by the Foreign Office stating that the foreign lega
tions were requested to leave Peking within a specified time Is Interpreted in.
eoina unoOcial quarters as tantamount to giving the Ministers their passports
and to a declaration of war; but as China does nothing like other countries the
official opinion is that there is nothing to do but to await the course of events
and to see what the Ministers themselves say when they are rescued.
All the students at the foreign hospitals in Canton are leaving. Women
missionaries are returning from the West River ports. There was a slight dis
turbance at Wochou Tuesday while the women were embarking. The crowd
shouted. "Kill the foreign devils."
According to advices from Shanghai the Chinese officials, by direction of
the southern Viceroys, are asking the Consuls to agree to conditions "ensuring,"
as the Chinese say. "the neutrality of Shanghai and other coast cities."
They are also asking that foreign warships shall not sail or anchor near the
forts nor go to ports where there are no warships now; that their crews shall
not go ashore and that the protection cf foreigners be left to the Chinese
authorities. These conditions are considered at Shanghai to be virtually an ulti
matum from Viceroys Liv Kung Yih and Chang Chih Tung. The Consuls de-
Eire a sufficient naval and military force to back up their refusal to comply
with these demands. The total national force now there consists of 969 men
with thirty-two guns. The Chinese have COCO men with six guns in the forts
and 10.000 men outside Shanghai with modern rifles and machine guns.
The magnitude of the arrangements Japan Is making suggests provision
against contingencies other than the suppression of the present disturbances in
China. She has chartered nineteen additional transports and now has thirty-five
to aIL ?:?/?•¦>
The Latest News From Tientsin
Stated That the Relief Column
Started Monday—China's Act
in Asking Diplomats to Leave
Equal to Declaration of War.
HARD FIGHTING
TO AID SEYMOUR
The f oreigrn concession is shown on the left or west side of the picture and the Chinese town back on the right. . The
second large building from the left is the United States Consulate, where the Consul, Mr. Martin, has his office and resides with
his family. Chinkiang is the station of United States Consul Martin, who some days ago asked for the immediate presence of a war
vessel on account of the threatening attitude of the Chinese. Since then the situation' has become more acute and a British war
vessel has gone from Shanghai to the scene. . . ' .
Chinkiangis situated in the province of Kiang Su, on the south bank of the Yangtse-Kiang, at its junction with the
Grand canal. It is sixty-two miles below JTankin and one hundred and Afty from Shanghai, with "which it ia connected by a
network of natural and artificial waterways, and is bssidts the converging point of several-very important trade routes. In 1843
the English army on entering Chinkiang, after a victory, found it converted into a city of the dead, th.a inhabitants having
slaughtered their women and children* and thenmade way -with themselves "to" avoid the hated rule of the "red-headed barba
rians." In 1.853 the city was taken by the Taipings, and four years later recaptured by Gordon and the Imperialists, when the
inhabitants were massacred by order of the mandarins, sixty thousand being- put to the sword on the ground now occupied by
the foreign concession. Nothing remained except the ramparts -and a few ¦wretched survivors, crouching amid the ruins. The city
rapidly 'built up again and soon" numbered over two hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants. The river in front cf ths town is
several iKiles broad and over sixty feet deep, with a^ current qf eleven knots per, hour.- The high, island in. the river is Silver
Island and to its right is Golden Island. " "Within the city is a pagoda of cast iron, conjectured to be at least 1200 years old. •
CHINKIANG, ON THE YANGTSE RIVER, WHERE AN OUTBREAK IS IMMINENT, AND WHERE A BRITISH WAR VESSEL HAS GONE.
CHEFU, June 27, Via Shanghai, Noon. — Admiral Seymour's expedition has been relieved,, having failed to connect with Peking. There
is no news from Peking. Russian Colonel Schetelle, commanding the combined forces of 10,000 men, is supposed to be proceeding to Pe
king. Admiral Seymour's expedition is returning to Tientsin. His force has suffered greatly. It is estimated that from 40,000 to 60,000
Chinese troops are now before Peking. Boxers from all sections are swarming there.
ADMIRAL SEYMOUR'S BESIEGED
EXPEDITION HAS BEEN RESCUED
PRICE FI\HE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 28.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JUNE 28, 1900.
If the foregoing statement be true It means long captivity for the members of the foreign legations and their families
lately at Peking, and Indicates the purpose cf the Chinese Government to make a long and hard fight befora yielding to the
comblned forces of the civilized -world. Slan-Fu,.orSingan-Fu, as It is more generally called. Is situated in the southern
part of the province of Shenal, 500 miles In a direct line southwest from Peking. It- lies on the north of the Slnllng iloun
taln*. near the confluence of. the Wel-ho and Klng-ho, about sixty miles west of •where the former empties Into the Hoang
ho at the "grreat bend." . ?..,..,. . . .
The San Francisco Call.ATTORNEY AITKEN
IS STILL IN PRISON
Says He Has Been Unfairly Dealt
With by the Bakersfleld
Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFTELD, June . 27.-Attorney
John R. Aitken. nervous'and uncomforta
ble and markedly perturbed, is- still in
jail, where he was placed yesterday aft
ernoon by Superior Judge Mahon for us.
ing contemptuous language In a brief filed
with the court. Dfstrict Attorney Ahem,
it Is stated, is in San Francisco trying to
get the Supreme Court to hear a writ
of habeas corpus with a view to releas
ing Aitken from custody. Up to a late
hour no word has come from Mr. Ahem,
and all day' long Aitken anxiously looked
for it. The outlook for his relief is du
bious. •
Aitken when seen at the jail to-day
talked freely regarding the court's action
In placing him there. He denounced the
action as anything but a fair and legal
proceeding. He claims that the court
cited him to appear and show cause why
no should not be fined for contempt ana
had him in jail in an hour and a half;
he only had time to prepare a hasty de
fense, and that the court paid no atten
tion to it. Aitken denied that he had
any intention of insulting the court; that
the language he" used In the brief was
justified by what the court said during
the trial of the case. He declared that
the court embarrassed him during the
trial by referring to the case as "moot
case." and that "some one should be in
vestigated." The language which hurt
the court's feelings most was the follow
ing: ¦
"As counsel for the defendants, I do
j
not hesitate to say that the trial had \-\
this case was unsatisfactory if not posi
tively unfair to the defendants."
A number of attorneys and friends call
ed to see Aitken during the day and ex
pressed sympathy. It is reported that
this Is not the first time Aitken was ever
In trouble with courts. He is. in a very
embarrassing position and many hero
sympathize with him and. think he Is be
ing dealt with too severely.
JOCKEY HENRY SPENCER
IS TO WED AN ACTRESS
Engagement of the Popular Califor-
Announced in New*"sTork.
Special Disrvatch to Th« Call.
nia Rider to Hiss Elfie Fay
NEW YORK. June 27.— Friends of Elfla
Fay, the actress, who made a reputation
in a night In "Mam'selle 'Awklns." report
her engagement to Jockey Henry Spencer.
Miss Fay, who is now playing at the Ve
netian Terrace Roof Garden, did not deny
the report to-night.
Miss Fay is a daughter of the late Hugh
Fay of Barry and Fay, Irish comedians.
She was in the chorus at Hammersteina
on the first night of the production of
"Mam'selle 'Awkins." The play dragged
and looked like a failure. After one sons?
Miss Fay stepped from the chorus and in
a cakewalk with dance steps of her own
invention won the house. »Her advance
ment has been steady and rapid.
Her courtship." according, to her own
statement, has not only been pleasant but
profitable. She visits the track daily, bets
on Spencer's mounts and wins. Spencer
is James R. Keene's premier Jockey. He
has the reputation of beirsy one of th*
best riders on the- turf. Ifa Is about 2S
years old and has saved his money.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK. June 27.— An opportunity
will be afforded "Gus" Ruhlin, the Akron
piant. to battle for the heavyweight
championship of the world at an early
date. James J. Jeffries, bolder of tho
championship, announced to-day, that he
would make a match with Ruhlin before
September 1.
Jeffries did not peleet a date for the
battle, bat said he would do po within a
fhort time. The champion added that his
left hand, which he injured in his fight
with Sharkey, is still giving" him lots oi
trouble. His arm hurt him considerably
during the fight with Corbett. Immedi
ately after his battle with "Pompadour
Jim" Jeffries had the arm treated by Dr.
Kayre. The physician placed it in a plas
ter of paris cast and last Monday removed
a. portion of the cast. As soon as the
condition of the arm will permit of the
removal of the remainder of the plaster
The boilermaker says he will sien with
the "Akron plant."
When Ruhlin was informed of Jeffries'
Ftatement he said that the champion
could not sign articles of agreement too
quickly to suit him.
"I don't want to fight a cripple," adderi
the conqueror of Sharkey, "so I hope
Jeffries will not meet me until he is ab-
Folutely well. A decisive victory ov^r
Jeffries In perfect condition would mean
much to me."
RuWin'B wonderful battle apainst Shar
fcey was the theme of conversation la
pporting circles to-day. Many experts be
lieve that the big Ohio fighter, will prove
Champion Agrees to Meet
the Conqueror of
Sharkey.
JEFFRIES AND
RUHLIN WILL
BE MATCHED
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
the Pirates.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Orphans Easily Taken Into Camp by
Clubs— W. It. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....35 17 .673! Cincinnati -2* 28 .462
Philadelphla.!2 21 .604 Chicago 2« SO ;443
Boston t6 X .510 St. Louis 21 29 .425
Pittsburg -..27 27 .500 New Y0rk...1» 31 .3SO
riTTSBURG, June 27.— Killen was an easy
mark thraughout the game, while Tannehlll had
hut one bad inning, the ninth, when lie let up
and (rave four hits. Pittßbur# J s fielding waa ex
cellent, with Ely carrying off the honors. At
tendance 190. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Pittsbun? 9 15 3
Chicago * » " 2
P-atteries— Tannehlll and Schriver: Killen and
Nichols. Umpire— Hurst.
ST. LOUIS. June 27.— Youn*"* wild throw; to
Criger in the fifth rave Cincinnati to-day 1 *
*ame. Hl* twirling was good enough to beat
any club. Hahn was lucky. His shoots were
hit hard, but things broke badly for the St.
Ixm'.s batters. Attendance 1300. Score: '
Clubs— , "^R. H. E.
St. Louis 4 8 3
Cincinnati..' 6 5 ' 1
Batteries — Young and Crlser; Hahn and Peltz.
Umpire-^-Swartwood.
BROOKLYN, Juce tt.— Rain prevented game
here to-d«y.
American League Games.
BUFFALO. N. V.. June 27,-Score: Buffalo 5,
Indianapolis 2. <
MH.WAUKEE. June 27.— Score: Milwaukee
4, Kanwar City 2.
CHICAGO, June 27.— Score: Chicago 7, Min
neapolis 1.
CL.KVLAND," June 27.— Score > Cleveland 2,
petrolt 4.
. . ... ,T.est jof , Endurance.
NEW LONDON, Conn., June" 27.-Once
YALE AGAINST HARVARD.
Varsity Oarsmen Ready for To-Day's
Marlon Bibeeb of San Francisco, said to
be suffering from mental aberration, has
been found in a rural neighborhood "of
this county. She left the train at Clinton
when en route from New York to San
Francisco.
FORCED MARCHES TO
KUMASSI'S RELIEF
Garrison Sent Word That It Could
Hold Out Only TJntil the Twen
tieth of June.
LONDON. June 27.— The Colonial Office
has received a telegram from Colonel
Wlllcocks, dated Prahsu, Ashanti, June
26, as follows:
Major Wilkinson reached Bekwai June
19. In response to my telegram to the
Governor of the Gold Coast (Sir Frederick
Mitchell Hodgson) at Kumassl, the latter
writes on June 16 saying he will hold out
to f June 20. This letter, received by Cap
tain Hall at EBumeja, was forwarded to
Wilkinson at Bekwai at midnight on June
2L Wilkinson proceeded immediately to
Esumeja, arriving there at dawn on June
22. after marching through torrents of
rain. . ,
"Lieutenant Burroughs, with about 500
natives, is going north as fast as th*
flooded rivers permit."
HILL SECURED THE
NORTHERN PACIFIC
End of the Negotiations for its Con
solidation With the Great
.; : Northern*. . £££;
MINNEAPOLIS, June 28.— The Time*
this morning publishes a special from
New York, obtained' from an authorita
tive source, saying that James J. Hill has
finally succeeded in securing control of
the Northern Pacific. The telegram fol
lows: . tSiSSii *«
NEW YORK, June 27,-Henry C. Payne of
the ..Republican National Committee left here
to-night to see Mark Hanna. and the principal
object of hlsivlslt Is the proposed consolidation
of the Great Northern and Northern Tacific
railway*.. Sir William Van Home of the Cana
dian Pacific has given particulars as to the
Hill coup to a business friend in Montreal, who
repeated the story here.
more than a match for Jeffries when they
meet. Ruhlin's admirers point out thct
their man scored a clean knockout of the
sailor in fifteen rounds, while the cham
pion could not even seriously distress
Sharkey in twenty-five rounds.
.Sharkey still Bhowwd the effects to-day
or the beating he received from Ruhlin
last night. His face was bruised and
swollen and he suffered considerable pain.
Dr. Cramer put several stitches over tho
sailor's right eye, where a left-hand blow
landed during the fight made a deep gash.
more the representative crews of Harvard
and Yale stand on* the banks of tho
Thames ready to renew the battle for
rowing supremacy. Naturally, vith Har
vard's captain, Hlggins, who was the
stroke and the best oar, out of the boat
with an injured ankle, there Is to-night
at the Yale Quarters the utmost confidence
in the ability of the New Haven crew to
pull out a victory, to-morrow in the big
four-mile race between the varsity eights.
Still there is a grim determination at Red
Top,, the Harvard quarters, to do or die,
and there are not a few to-night who
believe that this doggedness will win the
race.
In the regatta as a whole there hardly
seems to be the usual amount of interest
and enthusiasm this year. The incoming
trains this afternoon failed to bring the
crowd of undergraduates which In former
years enlivened the eve of the race. All
of the races are planned as usual to be
rowed down stream with the tide, which
at the time will have ebbed "about three
hours and be running strong. The four
oared crews will be setit away atll:40, at
the beginning of the course across the
river from the Harvard quarters at > Red
Top. The crews will pull two miles down
stream and finish at the navy yard. Im
mediately afterward the freshmen will
start at the navy yard and finish up at
the big railroad bridge, a distance of two
miles. The observation trains which will
have followed the crews down the course
will then hurry back to Red Top and
about that time the varsity eight will
start and pull down the stream four miles.
MARKSMEN'S GRAND PRIX.
Robinson of California Takes Bank
Among the World's Best.
PARIS, June 28.— The finals in. the
pigeon shoot at the Cercle dv Bols de Bou
logne for the exposition grand prix, which
began on Monday, came off yesterday, the
competition having narrowed down to 1
thirty-six. The results were as follows:
Leon de Lunden. 21 out of 21. first; Mau
rice Fauvre, 20 out of 21, second* D. Me-
Intosh and C, Robinson, each 18 out of 19,
tied for third place. M. de Lunden is a
well-known Belgian -shot. -
In the first. round A. G.Spal ding was
among those who missed. Tod Sloan and
Messrs. Wadsworth and Rogers dropped
out In the next two rounds, when only
four competitors were li PI I'HiWJJjOiIHIIH
Mr. "Robinson, a Californlan, proposed
dlvidine the' whole stake ot 30,400 francs,
to which the others agreed.
Wandered From the Train.
DAVENPORT, lowa, June 27.-Mlss
fpecial Dispatch to The Call
STOCKTON. Jur.e 27.— The second day
of the Stockton street fair has come
and gone. Another twenty-four
hours and all in this ¦ interior- city
will be alive to the situation, and
then there will be no crying of halt to
th". mad demonstration of joy and mer^
riment that Is sure to seize man, woman
and child. .
Until thif evening Stockton was not
awalc«* to the ruaiity of the celebration.
That Ftage of reserved quietness has
passed. It is now all song, noise, music
by the band, harsh spieling by the mid
way solicitor*, with the light of .thousands
of incandescent^ thrown upon the gen
eral scene. During the day the town was
subdued, waiting for the dark, when the
heat of the funs rays- is no longer felt.
And. with the night came the tumult that
was full of pound, but not disorder. The
fitxef-ts were packed to the overcrowding.
A jostle here ar.d there was of no conse
quence, for every participator In the fete
was in genial mood, willing Jo stamp on
feet that do not belong to hir* or her
and forgiving those who reciprocate the
compliment.
Until 4 o'clock this afternoon the cele
bration was pa>sive. conlined to the mid
way haunts. Thfn th^re was a free street
Fhow, at which all who could find an ex
cuse for sloughing business duties were
present. At any fate, the plaza was,
crowded with spectators assembled to s»e
the country sports and wire walking, lis
ten to the working nf the band and get
their ratisfaction in. cakewalks, grinning
snatchf-p by superb yojjng "grlnsterc" and
even' oth<r kind of country fair enter
tainment.
To-morrow will be the real inaugural,
for then Quren Grnevieve Peter? will be
crowned, and it will br-'a cprrmony gen
uinely regal. Miss Peters has i*FUf>d her
royal proclamation, and such is the fealty
Burge, Alice Sherman. Sadie Dadgley.
Georgia Bogue. Alice Phillips and Myrthe
? urn ? tt: royal court heralds— Margery
J-.a Motte and Georgiana Woolsey; court
gentlemen— Joe Bonner, Herman Grunsky,
Will Walden. Andrew Russell. C. M.
Adrients. Kred Snyder, Chester Moore.
Fred Harris. Harry Hewlett and Dr. M.
len; pages— Austin Burton, Austin Sperry,
Marcey Woods and Erledean Henderson;
prime minister. Major Gus Grant: little
children who will crown the Queen-
Eleanor Young and Margaret Westbay.
Serpentine and tambourine dance, under
the direction of Miss Grace Gage. Par
ticipants: Serpentine danee — Georgia
Catts, Lucile Budd. Pay ton McAllister.
Alice Cavagnaro; tambourine dance— lda
Manly and Eleanor Hart.
free street shows. 3:30. 7:30 to S:3O, band
concert; 8:15. parade of midway attrac
tions, appearance of the Queen on her
throne; free street shows; general illum
ination of the Courthouse and plaza; 2S 1 )
to 10:30, band concert.
TROUBLE OVER A NEW
"ORIGINAL" LITTLE EGYPT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, June 27.— Great-Is the com
petition on the midway and at least one
row is ready to break open on account
of the contentions of two concessionaries.
Little Egypt of midway fame in San
t rancisco, the "Seely dinner" dancer, Is
not on the midway, but in a theater in
the town. She was the original to Ban
Franciscans for months, but here in
Stockton another Little Egypt has ap
peared on the ?ccne, and her spieler is
working himself thin trying to tell the
public, that the other Egypt is not Egypt
at all. The original Egypt's manager in
looking for a fight. All Stockton expects
a muscle dance outbreak to-morrow.
cf flour, .grinning through horse collars,
riveting and horseshoe turning, contests
and" bicycle obstacle race«f will take place
on" Friday of this week and Tuesday ot
next week.
• The vaudeville performances will be
changed from day to day, and in fact the
whole fair programme i 3 subject to
change without notice. The entries for
the baby coach' parade are all in, but the
entries for the baby Bhow, which is under
the direction- of Mrs.. Fannie Harp, will
not close ; until Friday. Both the show
and the parade will take place Monday.
Immediately nfler the parade the baby
show, which Is separate and Jlstinct from
the pnraele and under the direction of
Ivirs. WVB. Harrison, will take place In
the pavilion. Queen Genevieve will be
there with her court, and the hundred or
more babies who will be on exhibition will
have an opportunity later in life of saying
that they appeared bqfore the Queen.
The names of the judges for the baby
fhow will not be. given to the public, and
most of them will be strangers here,
though well known through their connec
tion with secret societies. Fifteen cash
prizes will be given for the "cutest," the
prettiest: and the fattest babies in both
sexep, and. they will be classified accord
ing to age.
At 11 o*clock this evening the throngs
still had possession of the streets. The
programme was light, but the fact that
every one was out made an unusual show
There was music and spieling, and for th«
first time the concessionaries reaped a
harvest.
To-morrow 5s the day of days. It marks
the beginning of royalty's reign. Every
thing is prepared for the' elaborate cere
monies attendant upon the crowning of
Miss Peters. The programme for the day
as plvcn out is as follows:
Royal salute. 1 o'clock; reading of the
proclamation from the Queen's throne,
1:15: 2 o'clock, appearance of the Queen
(Genevieve Peterp). her .maids of honor-
Misses Belle Laogicr, Grace Jones, Hazel
of Stocktonians that every wish or de»
sire <tf their temporary ruler will receive
immediate recognition at the hands or
her subjects. Attended by her maids of
honor, she will make her formal appear
ance to-morrow afternoon, receive the
crown and then wield the scepter of au
thority with maidenly_ forbearance.
An accident happened yestedray, not so
much an accident either. King Bert
Lewis- has- 1 lost -his- kingly raiment.
"Stolen,"' says the king, "by conspirators
hostile- to the realm." And the dlsajv
poarance of the royal garb is the out
come of a ¦ plot. The- Police Department
has taken the matter under consideration
and will make an investigation. Chief of
Police Gall, Chief of the Fire Department
James Carroll and the District Attorney,
Arthur Ashley, met in council this even,
ing for the purpose of recovering the de
parted robes. King Pin -Lewis has lost
weight since the theft. • > ¦ .
Saturday Is the time for his appearance,
and every effort will be made in th«»
meantime to locate the stolen articles.
Cut tho king nc-ed not worry his mind
over the disappearance of his sumptuous
robes. They may be ransomed for the
l»rice of a wine dinner.;. ¦ ¦
CORONATION WILL BE
THE FEATURE OF THE DAY
STOCKTON. June 27.— 1t was not till
late in the afternoon that the mldwayvbe
pan to liven up. although there was con
siderable of a programme during the aft
ernoon. There were high rope walking,
trapeze nets and athletic contests. This
war- to have- V>ren the day for old country
sports and fames, but the ' date v.tlb
changed. The old country tports". such
a.>» nail-driving contests for ladies, pie and
rrnckfr eating contests, candy bobbing,
apple-biting, grabbing for a ccln in a pan
INTERESTING FEATURES OF THE STREET FAIR AT STOCKTON.
JOURNEYED TO DAWSON
TO KILL HIS WIFE
John Legrace Travels Many Miles to
Commit Murder, but Only-
Wounds His Victim.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 27.— News was
received last night from Dawson of an
other tragedy. John Legrace, or, as he
was sometimes known. Tom Forrest, shot
and wounded his wife, from whom he had
been separated for some time, and shot
and killed himself. The victim of the
tragic occurrence, who had li>een living at
Dawson and before at Gldnora with a
man named Madden, was a resident of
this- city- two years ago. -The crime waa
premeditated. The would-be murderer
arrived at Dawson on a scow on June 6
and wrote a letter, which Is believed to
tell of- what he intended doing, addressed
to one Jones in the City of Mexico. He
went to the river steamer Ora, which was
preparing to leave Dawson, and gave the
letter to a passenger named Howey, who
promised to mail it on reaching "the out
side."
He left here about the end of May and
stayed aome time at Bennett. He met
S. ,K. Sherwood and Tver Brown, with
whom he went to Dawson. There he
gave his name as Tom Forrest. They
built a scow and reached Dawson with ft
three weeks ago. The day following Le
grace went to Sherwood and asked him
to go downtown with him to see a party.
Sherwood only walked as far as the post
office and he never saw Legrace alive
again.
Then it seems the Intending murderer
went to find his wife. Two hours later
revolver shots were heard from her cabin
in front of the Owl restaurant, and she
was soeen to run out with blood stream
ing fro-n her neck. In the cabin Le
grace wns found in a bed dying, with re
volver in hard and a bullet hole in his
head. He died during the night. She haa
recovered.
NINE INSURGENT
LEADERS RELEASED
Take an Oath of Allegiance ' to • the
Government and Renounce All
Forms of Revolution.
MANILA. June 27.— Nine of the Insurg
ent leaders. Including Generals Pio del
Pilar, Concepcion, Garcia and Alvarez,
were released here to-day upon taking the
oath of allegiance to the Government and
renouncing all forms of revolution In the
Philippines, together with making formal
acknowledgment of American sover
eignty.
This oath Is much* stronger and more
binding than the oath which General Otis
administered and was consequently dis
tasteful to the, Filipinos, wfeo accepted It
with bad* grace, fully realizing the results
of any violation.
Senor Buencamlno took the oath Mon
day. It is hoped that the sparing of the
nine leaders will influence their men to
take advantage of the armistice, which
has thus far been without results othe>
than those of to-day.
PORTLAND, Or., June 27.— The United
States transport Lennox, which is no?»
undergoing repairs aCthis port, will prob
ably sail for Manila via Nagasaki early
next week with a cargo of horses for the
Sixth Cavalry. It is understood that the
horses will be used in China if It is found
necessary to land the Sixth Cavalry
there.
WONG FONG ACQUITTED.
Jury Ereturns a Verdict of Not Guilty
in the Abduction Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. June 27.— The jury in the
case of Wong Fong, charged with ad
ducting Kirn Quey, after three hours' de
liberation, returned a verdict of not
guilty. Attorney D. M. Delmaa, special
attorney for the prosecution, made a mas
terly plea to« the. jury to convict this
forenoon and the case w*nt to the jury
after dinner. The trial has attracted a
great deal of attention, and during its
progress a great many ladles were pres
ent who sympathized with Miss Cameron,
from whose care it was alleged the Chi
nese girl had been kidnaped.
There are three others yet to be tried
on the same charge— Justice of the Peace
Dyer of Palo Alto, Deputy Constable
Harris of this city and Wong Hlngr Ding.
It now looks as though it will be impos
sible to secure conviction in the other
cases and they will probably be dismissed.
May Have Be an Murdered.
SAN DIEGO, June 27.— Word comes
from Ensenada, Lower California, that
an eccentric ' character there, known as
Juan Suizo. was- found dead in Ouada
loupe Valley Monday. He had been shot
with -a rifle. He was subject to periods
of . insanity. It Is not known whether. he
committed suicide or was killed by In
dians. ¦¦?.'.
Queen Gene
vieve, Chosen
by Popular
Voice as Ruler,
to Receive the
Cro w n and
Scepter.
REGAL CEREMONIES
Staid Business
Men Forsake
Their Counting
, Houses and
Mix With Merry
Revelers.
LONDON, June 28, 4:20 a. m.— General
Rundle had a sharp rifle skirmish near
Senekal on Friday with a large force of
entrenched Boers. He declined to at
tack them, j This is the only fresh fight
ing reported.
The Boer outposts northeast of Pretoria
are busy. The telegraph wires between
Standerton and Newcastle were cut on
Sunday and Hif Redvers Buller had to re
port by heliograph. Commandant Dewet,
with 3>X» men and three guns, is moving
northeast in the Orange Hiver colony, it
is understood that he and Commandant
General Botha entered into a compact
that neither would surrender so long 'as
the other was in the field. ' Twelve tnou
sand rifles, all told, have been surrendered
to the British. President Kruger is still
at Machadodorp.
The exposures regarding the hospitals
in South Africa have made a great sen
sation in England. ,They began with
three columns of unrestrained language in
the Times yesterday from W. A. Burdett-
Coutts, Conservative m&Daber of Parlia
ment tor Westminster. < His disclosures
have been widely reproduced and they aro
supplemented this morning by denunica
iory telegrams and Interviews from survi
vors anG army medical men.
• The Archbishop of Cape Town, in an ad
dress before the Society of Good Hope
in the Cape Government House on Mon
day, expressed great dissatisfaction at the
way in which the sick and wounded
were treated.. He declared that the warm
clothing that was absolutely necessary
was freely offered, but was rarely, if ever,
distributed by the army doctors; that the
sick He on the bare ground and that even
in Cape Town the way the hospitals were
mismanaged made one's blood boil. A
news acency dispatch from Cape Town
says:
"Certain revelations point to malfeas
ance in connection with the supplies of
comforts for the sick and wounded."
. Tho Lourenzo Marques correspondent of
the Times, telegraphing yesterday, says:
"According 1 to Transvaal advices the
Boer*, are entrenched in considerable
numbers In the Middleburg Hills. Tho
Irish. Hollander and Italian corps are get
ting uncontrollable. They are looting
stores and farms. Bar gold Is a drug in
the local market, owing to a suspicion
that It Is of an Inferior quality. A large
quantity of stolen gold is waiting to be
smuggled out of the Transvaal."
Malfeasance Alleged in • Connection
. With the Supplying- of Comforts
for the Sick and
Wounded. •
HOSPITAL SCANDALS
AROUSE ALL ENGLAND
A^ree That Neither Shall
"¦ Surrender While the Other
Keeps Fighting.
DEWET AND
BOTHA KILL
NOT YIELD
MIRTH AND MUSIC NOW
HOLD SWAY IN STOCKTON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUESDAY, JUNE 2S, 1900.
2
But Miserable, Weak, Nervous, Tired,
Dyspeptic, Sleepless and Melancholy.
Gentlemen — "About one year ago I suffered with frequent backache
and dragging pains, added to general exhaustion from overwork. I tried
two different tonics, highly recommended, but they did not help me any.
"One of my friends who had been greatly benefited by using Peruna,
advised me to try it. I immediately procured a bottle, which helped me so
much that I used a second one, which fully restored me to health. If I
catch a slight cold now or feel unwell, I take a few doses of Peruna and it
quickly relieves me." MARY R. WIGHT MAN,
Superintendent Loyal Temperance League.
Mrs. D. Flnlay, 923 East Mitch street.
Petoskey. Mich., says the following: of
the tonic and rejuvenating powers of
Peruna:
"I never felt better in my life than I
do now. Peruna has made a well woman
of me after five yearo of Buffering and
almost death. Now I can walk three
miles In a day besides doing all my house-
work.
_ "/ feel just as well as I did at
twenty. I give all the praise to
Peruna and always keep it in the
Frail Women.
That American women are growing
more slender and frail Is too apparent to
any observer for argument. Slender-
ness and fragility are the words that
best describe the typical girl of to-day.
From an aesthetic standpoint, perhaps,
all this in an improvement on the more
sturdy and buxom woman of two gen-
erations ago; but from the doctor's
standpoint is a rapid degeneration. These
delicate creatures are easy to get sick.
hard to keep well and very difficult to
cure when sick.
Dr. Hartman has piven this subject
especial study and thought and has don-
much toward remedying the matter. Ha
makes an. annual distribution of books de-
voted to the subject of the care and cure
of women.
He conducts a prodigious correspond-
ence, which covers all parts of the
United States, ffivinj? arlvice. prescrip-
tions, etc^ etc. All this he does without
charge. Every letter receives prompt and
careful attention, and Is regarded as
strictly confidential. Dr. Hartman has
made extensive preparations to treat
these women for diseases peculiar to
their sex during the summer months.
Every letter will be answered giving tha
doctor's Invaluable &dvice after forty-flve
years' experience in the treatment of
women.
The doctor has now ready for the pub-
lic a book for women only. This book
shows how few women are really fre<»
from catarrh; how many have catarrh In
some form or location. This book will h«
sent free to any woman addressing Tho
Peruna Medicine Company, Columbus,
Ohio.
EVANSVILLE. . June 27.— A savere storm
swept . over Southern Indiana. Creeks are
swollen and many bridges are swept away. The
¦wheat cror> has been almost totally destroyed
and other crops have been damaged. .
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
- im • in:"! •»•••« •«•«•• ••iM«in««ri««ii«i»«p|'n»ij(^^«f»««iuii | ;i«»iiMii»iM|iiinii»i|.i,., lll#l
;;!missmaryr.WigMtmah, ••;!!;» , ena v, \
\\\ EVANBTON, ILL. :;;i;.* 1509 Maple Avenue,
illililllliaiiliHlJiii.'nJiliJ^USJilJiinilililiiJitiJiliMiiiii South E¥an * ion > M-
The Peruna Medicine Company, Columbus, Ohio:
w ¦' ¦ ¦ *i
|||j f:*,-'' Here's a chance for you, boys! Get your
jlj mother to buy your new school suit at the Red
fi|! Front to " da y and we'll give you a big package of
¦||| ' fireworks free.
111 1 These packages contain Roman Candle?. Sky-
i| rockets, Jumbo Crackers and all sorts of things.
gl You'll need a suit next month for school, so
m get it now, with the fireworks, and get acquainted .
|;i with the biggest stock of schoolboys* suits in San
||| Fran cisco— $2.50 buys a good suit^
ftp A.j.PRAGER fit SONS
sLJ^-^f 9 Market st fzzvzz ) :Pohll. J. F. Twlg-jr and Joseph A. Lynch.
The joint committee will meet this after
noon at the California Hotel. .i •..:
Oscar Hocka was appointed to represent
the Germans. Just before the committee
was announced he advised his fellow
members that the ten thousand German
Democrats of Ban Francisco should not
be ignored.
Following- la a copy of the official call
tor the Democratic State Convention:
Call for State Convention.
The Democratic State Central Committee of
CaltforMa. the gov-rning body and committee
for the Democratic party of California, which
at th«? last general el^tlon In th^ State ef
California polled more than three p*r cent or
tho entire vote of the State. In meeting duly
assembled at the city and county of San Fran
cisco. State of California, on this ITTth day of
June. 1 00, herebj- aJopts this call for a O*mo
cratle State convention, to be h.-»lU on the SOtJi
day of August. UOQ, at 11 o'clock a. m.. at the
city of Stn Jcf.e, State of California. SaM
State convention is caJU-d for the j>ur;>ose of
nominating candidates for public offlevs to be
vctfd fcr at the next ensutns general election.
including the nomination cf nine Presidential
Elector* to be voted for at «ai<l next ensuing
general election, and also fcr the transaction of
such other taslnns as may proDerly come be
fore said convention. "Tliat said State conven
lion shall consist of 591 delegates, an.l all of
paid delegates shall be elected at the primary
elections to be held In all the counties cf the
State on Tuesday. Auirust I*. 1300, pursuant to
the provisions of the law of this State. That
the apportionment of the delicate* to said State
convention shall be one delegate for each lOC
votes of the average vote cast and one delegate
for each remainder of 100 votes or over of the
date? oi the Democratic party for State efners,
to wit: Governor. Lieutenant Governor, £ecre
tary of State. Controller. Treasurer. Attorney
General, Surveyor General. Clerk of the Su
preme Conrt. Superintendent of Public In
struction, Superintendent of State Printing an<l
two Associate Justices of the Supreme Court.
vcteil for et the last preceding general election
heUl in the State of California on November
S. IS3S: provided. -that any county where surh
average vote cast shall be less than such rs
msinder shall, nevertheless, be entitled to one
delegate.
Apportionment of l>sle gates.
That the averasre vote cast as aforesaid In
each county and the apportionment o? delegates
to each county upon the basis herein set forth
Is hereby declared to bf^ as follows:
party will also meet in that city on the
same day.
The outgoing- State Central Committee,
Seth Mann chairman, met at the Cali
fornia Hotel at 11 a. m. yesterday and
adopted an official call for the convention.
Santa Cruz put in a claim for the honor
cf entertaining the Democratic .delegates
end would have carried its point if the
Fan Jose Improvement Club, backed by
Mayor Phclan, had not vigorously pre
sented the advantages of San Jose as a
convention city. Duncan McPherson of
The Santa Cruz Sentinel. Editor Taylor
tif the Surf. ex-Mayor Robert EETey. Bart
Burke ard J. L. Wrigrht made a gallant
ptand for the city by the sea, but they
v*»re not able to break the programme.
John A. Hicks of Santa Clara made the.
motion to designate San Jose as the place
of meeting.
Democrats Will
Meet August 30
to Nominate the
Electors for the
Presidency.
THi: Democratic State Convention
to nominate nir.e Presidential elec
tors w:'.l arsfmWe in San Jose on
Thursday. August SO, at* 11 a. m.
Congressional district conventions of the
SAN JOSE AWARDED A STATE CONVENTION.
District Conven
tions Are Also
Galled to Nomi
nate Candidates
for Congress.
>slons of the primary law. The motion
.prevailed. Later in the day Seth Mann
appointed E. A. Bridgford. A. Caminetti
'and Bart Burke to comprise the commit
tee. The first session of .the committee
be held this afternoon at 2:30 o'clock
Continued on Fourth Page.
John H. Hill of Chicago, who delivered a
lengthy address of welcome.
The chairman then announced the tem
porary officers as follows: Chairman,
Samuel Dickie of Michigan: secretary, A.
E. Wilson of Chicago; assistant secreta
ries. Colonel J. Kills of Tennessee and K.
B. Sutton of Idaho.
Chairman Dickie made a brief speech
outlining the wcrk to be done .by the con
vention. Mr. Pickle bitterly assailed the
administration for Its oosition on the can
teen law, and charged it with "debauch-
Ing the peoples of its now possessions In
the Philippines." He accused the Govern
ment of using- Its - consular service for
gathering Information for the use ot dis
tillers and brewers. :.
: Homer Castle of Pittsburg at the after
noon session submitted the report of the
committee on permanent organization and
order of ; business. ( The report recom
mended Samuel Dickie of Michigan . for
permanent' .chairman and Colonel R. s.
>Cheves of Tennessee for uerrnanent secre-
Thirty-seven States were represented
when Chairman Stewart of the national
committee called the convention to order
at tho First Regiment Armory to-day,
nearly 700 delegates being present, while
scores of others are expected to-morrow,
when the party will name lta national can
didates.
The' platform as adopted by the con
vention bears solely upon the question of
the suppression of the liquor 'traffic. In
connection with this, however, the ad
ministration and President McKinley in
particular are bitterly arraigned for the
position taken on the anti-canteen law,
the action on this being' denounced as
"tre.tsonable."
Should Poll a Million Votes.
When the convention opened Chairman
Stewart delivered his formal address. He
said the Prohibition party was wide
awake and should poll a million votes this
year.
Chairman Stewart Introduced the Rev.
At the evening session of the convention
the platform was read by Secretary Hop
kins of the resolutions committee. It de
clares the liquor question to be the most
important now confronting the American
people and proposes "as the first step In
the financial "problems of the nation to
save more than a billion of dollars every
Prohibition Platform.
tary. The recommendations of the com
mittee were adopted unanimously amid a
roar of applause.
The list of national commltteemen as
selected by the delegations of the various
States was then read and adopted. It In
cluded the following:
California— l* Elliott, Gabriel Stlckney.
Idaho— H. A. Lee, E. B. Sutton.
Oregon— W. P. Elmore, E. O. Miller.
J Utah — Jacob S. Bomnan, C. D. Savery.
¦\Vashtnßton — E. S. Smith. Roger S. Greene.
Adopt a Platform Bitterly Arraigning the National Administration for the
Position It Has Taken on the Anti-Canteen Law. .
The rational convention of the Prohibi
tion party met here to-day and in three
sessions, morning, afternoon and evening,
cleared up all business except the nom
inations for President and Vice President,
which ¦will be made to-morrow morning.
The convention In point of numbers and
In enthusiasm shown is considered one of
the greatest'; ever held by the advocates
of cold water.
CONVENTION HALL,. CHICAGO.
June 27. — The Prohibition party will
make Its national campaign this
year upon a platform of a single
issue— the liquor traffic— all other
Issues belli? subordinated to this . one
question. Upon this platform it is prob
able that either Rev. 8. C. Swallow, the
"fighting parson," cf Harrlsburg. Pa ip or
John G. Wooley of Ciiicago.' editor of the
New Voice, the Prohibition national or
gan, will be nominated for President.
THE PROHIBITIONISTS GATHER IN NATIONAL CONVENTION
fill In the time blank by inserting the
words, "Thursday, August 30, at 11 a. m."
The number of delegates was fixed at 559.
The form of petition to be filed in the
office of the Secretary of State was read
at length. After the reading It was adopt
ed by the whole committee. A. resolution
authorizing the chairman and secretary
to file the petition ,was also adopted.
M. F. Tarpey moved that a committee
of three lawyers be appointed to draft
forms of petitions for the County Com
mittee to be filed pursuant to the provl-
Santa Cruz Withdraws.
,f*J. L. Wright, representing Santa Cruz,
Kiid:
-"When a committee of citizens came
here from Santa Cruz to ask that the
convention be called to assemble in our
city we had no idea that our sister city,
San Jose, would be a candidate. We are
prepared to offer all the accommodations
desired for the convention and to give the
delegates a better time than they can
have in San Jose. Since it has come to
the knowledge of our committee that San
Mr. Hicks' motion to designate San Joso
was then carried unanimously. After
some discussion the committee decided to
Jope desires the convention we feel au
thorized in withdrawing the claims of
Santa Cruz. The Republican State Con
vention will meet "In Santa Cruz, and of
course we regret that the Democrats can
not be with us. Santa Cruz is not sore.
Our Democrats will be Democrats still,
and at some other time we will ask that
our city be selected as the place for hold-
Ing a Democratic State Convention."
TIE California delegates to the Dem
ocratic Xational Convention will
break away for Kansas City to-mor
row. The start will be made from
the .headquarters of the Iroquois Club.
Sw9 Market street, at P:lj a. m. The Iro
quois braves, headed by a brass band, will
escort the delegates representing Califor
nia and Hawaii down Market street to the
ferry. The delegations will board the 10
a. m. boat, and upon arrival at the Oak-
land mole will take the overland limited
train of the Central Pacific for Ogden.
From Ogden to Colorado Springs the dele
pates will travel over the Rio Grands
Western and Denver and Rio Grande rail
roads. From Colorado Springs to Kansas
City the delegation will travel over the
Sa-nta Fe route. Yesterday the Santa Ke
was obliged to give the delegates notice
that dining car service from Colorado
Springs to the Missouri River could not be
provided.
Stephen M. White, chairman of the dele-
gation, will leave Los Angeles to-day and
join his fellow delegates at Sacramento
to-morrow afternoon. Mr. White will sec
ond the nomination of William J. Bryan
and will, no doubt, represent California
on the platform committee. The delega
tion has reserved Parlor J of the Coates
House, Kansas City, for ' headquarters.
Ample quantities of fruit and wine have
•been provided to enable the representa
tives of California to maintain the State's
reputation for hospitality while in the
convention city.
DEMOCRATIC DELEGATION READY TO START FOR KANSAS CITY.
in room 12, eighth floor. Mills building.
On motion of Clitus Barbour a commit
tee of three was appointed to present
resolutions in respect to the memory of
the late Patrick Reddy. The chair named
as the committee: Chtus Barbour, M. P.
Tarpey and A. Camlnettl. Later In the
session appropriate resolutions were in
troduced by the committee and, on motion
of Charles Edelman, adopted by rising
vote. •
T. E. Treacy made a few remarks on
the subject of committees in general and
the State Central Committee in particu
lar. He apprehended that the committee
to govern the party s-'hould be appointed
by a convention emanating from the peo
ple. He moved that a committee be ap
pointed to report on the legality of the
State Central Committee recently chosen
at Sacramento. The motion was lost.
Talk of Ratification.
The subject of a Bryan ratification
meeting was Introduced by Chairman Seth
Mann, who Is a personal friend of the
orator from Nebraska.
Dr. Hill of Los Anseles moved that a
committee of five be appointed to ar
range: for a ratification meeting In San
Francisco.
T. E. Treacy wanted the county com
mittee of San Francisco to get 4nto har
ness.
M. J. Kerwin of Alameda replied* that
his people were willing to be run by the
State committee, but not by the San
Francisco committee. Tim Treacy did not
fancy the oratory or the demeanor of
Commltteeman Kerwin and expressed his
dissent by ironical allusions to the Dem
ocratic majorities rolled up in Alameda
County.
The trouble was finally adjusted by a
suggestion from Dr. Browning that the
ratification meeting in San Francl3co be
managed by the Joint committees. The
suggestion was put In the form of an
amendment and adopted.
W. I-L Alford, T. E. Treacy. James Den
man, J. C. McKlnstry and Oscar Hocka
were named to represent the State com
mittee. Later In the day Jasper McDon
ald, chairman of the Democratic County
Committee, appointed the following to
represent the locaj organization:
Thomas W. Hlckey, T. P. Rlordan, Emil
Will Meet at San Jose.
That the del»?atcF to said State convention
from any Congressional district cf this State
wheroln the Democratic fonnreesional District
Committee has not filed any petition for the
election at said primary of deleg-ates to a Con
gressional district convention shall ocnstltute
the Democratic Congressional District Con
vention fcr such Congressional district, and
such Congressional District Convention shall
cnven<> at the o'.ty of San Jose. State of Cali
fornia, on Thurs-Jay. Aa?u?t 30. IS«X>. at 2
o'clock p. ir. ¦
The same delegatfa composirg 1 the said State
contention who reside within the respective
P.ailroad Commissioner districts an.l State
Equalization districts shall be the delegates to
the r^J'iKX'tivp conventions to nominate candi
dates for Railrcad Commissioners ami for mem
bers cf the State Board of Equalization.
Wh»r» more than one county in Include*! in a
Senatorial cr an Assembly 'distrlo*. the' del-
cates to. 5c.1.l State convention who come from
and reside within such resn^ctlve districts
shall al?o b* deleffatea to the Senatorial or As
sembly District conventions to nominate a can
dlate for Senator or Assemblyman In <^ise no
Serntorlal or Assembly district oommitttv*
petition has b»pn filed and no separate Sern
torlal rr Assembly <J!?tricts delegates elected,
and that such Senatorial or Assembly district
conventions shall meet at the city of San Jose.
State of California, on Thursday, August Z>),
13flf>. st 2 o'clock r>. m.
That the buta of the fcrep-ilr.ff nprortlonmcnt
is the average vcte cast In the respective coun
tler. of the State of California for the Stat-*
candidates of the satd Democratic party of
Callfcmia at the last precedes general elec
tion.
That the making cf surh apportionment in
detail Is herebr ieft to the party committees
of the said Democratic partj" of Calirorria of
the rerrective cooottca cr of any city and
county in this Ftate.
No Proxies Permitted.
The chairman ar,>l secretary oT this enm
mittee are~h<reby authcrized nn<! directed to
Issue this call to the ri^spective Deirt~cr:itlo
County committees of th«- State of Calif ornia.
with such ether an! further ln=*ructicna as
may be necessary a^.l adv*raMe In the frem;*"3
ar.d In aeeoninnce with the law of this State
Th" chairman and ?eer?tnry of this enmtnit
t?» ore hereby authorized to make, authenti
cate P-nd file on bohalf of ami in the name of
this, the Democratic State Central Committee
ot California and of the IVmoeratie parf of
California, with 'the Secretary of Stat* of tha
State of California any am! all petitions re
quired by law. so that the T*-mocratie party
of California may be accorded a place uthdji
the official primary election ballot throughout
the said State of California ani In even' elec
tion r>rc?lnct !n fac\ and every county of sa!d
Ptatf- at the i>r;mar? election to be held en
The attpnt'cn of all Democratic committees
and Democrats *r<*r.eraUy 1c «>«^<>ctally direct?*!
to the lmr>ortj\nce of choosinu only ?uch detc
jratcs to the Stat? convention as jnay be ahte
to atter.il in r>«rson. as unJer the primary law
¦proxies iray not be permitted.
SETH MANN*. Chairman.
BEX M. MADDOX. Secretary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 28, 1000.
3
COUNTT.
I
A vi
C
¦eraarc vc
of State
Ticket.
ota
i D
3*lc
umbe
Of
egatf
er
Alameda
Alpine
Ama£or
Butte
Calaveras
Cclus-a.
7,274
23
1.1.-6
i.m
I.2Ru
BSI
3d
1
8
a
«
s
ipuimi-
Con tra Costa
Del Norte
El Dorado
rVofno
Glenn
Humboldt
Inyo
Kern
Kings
Lake
Laeson
Los Angeles
Madera
Marln
ilartpoiia
Mendocinc
Merred
Modoc
Mono
Monterey
Napa
Nevada
Orang-e
1.303
1.335
3. Oil
T«
2/-11
456
1.66S
933
705
423
10.570
«:¦!
527
619
I.MI
1,012
JIA
1.757
1.401
1.709
1.61S
*
i
6
v.
4
10
2
8
4
53
4
3
10
5
3
1
9
9
8
Placer
Plumas ,
Riverside
Paoramento
San r.enlto
1.C28
453
i 1.32^
3.162
8
2
IS
4
San Bernardino..
San Diego
San Francisco...
fun Joaqutn.....
2.26 T.
r.'jtrz
22.953
2 M*
Sap. I,uls Oblspo
San Mateo
Santa Harbara...
Santa nara
1.713
'.••:¦»
uas
4.3<6
Snnta Cruz.......
I.S-SW
Shasta
1.803
Sierra
SiskSyou
4?)
LSN
S
Solano
2.^1
in
Sonoma
17
Stanislaus
Sutter
Tchaitia
Trinity
1.237
6.54
1,086
'IS
Tulare
*]41
Tuolumne
Ventura
Tolo
Yuba
I.SW
1.251
1.C47
K3
6
8
Total
COUNTT.
I
A vi
C
¦eraarc vc
of State
Ticket.
ota
i D
3*lc
umbe
Of
egatf
er
Alameda
Alpine
Ama£or
Butte
Calaveras
Cclus-a.
7,274
23
1.1.-6
i.m
I.2Ru
BSI
3d
1
8
a
«
s
ipuimi-
Con tra Costa
Del Norte
El Dorado
rVofno
Glenn
Humboldt
Inyo
Kern
Kings
Lake
Laeson
Los Angeles
Madera
Marln
ilartpoiia
Mendocinc
Merred
Modoc
Mono
Monterey
Napa
Nevada
Orang-e
1.303
1.335
3. Oil
T«
2/-11
456
1.66S
933
705
423
10.570
«:¦!
527
619
I.MI
1,012
JIA
1.757
1.401
1.709
1.61S
*
i
6
v.
4
10
2
8
4
53
4
3
10
5
3
1
9
9
8
Placer
Plumas ,
Riverside
Paoramento
San r.enlto
1.C28
453
i 1.32^
3.162
8
2
IS
4
San Bernardino..
San Diego
San Francisco...
fun Joaqutn.....
2.26 T.
r.'jtrz
22.953
2 M*
Sap. I,uls Oblspo
San Mateo
Santa Harbara...
Santa nara
1.713
'.••:¦»
uas
4.3<6
Snnta Cruz.......
I.S-SW
Shasta
1.803
Sierra
SiskSyou
4?)
LSN
S
Solano
2.^1
in
Sonoma
17
Stanislaus
Sutter
Tchaitia
Trinity
1.237
6.54
1,086
'IS
Tulare
*]41
Tuolumne
Ventura
Tolo
Yuba
I.SW
1.251
1.C47
K3
6
8
Total
The Cause of Many
Sudden Deaths.
There Is a disease prevailing in this
5 because so decep-
tive. Many sudden
deaths are caused by
it — heart disease,
pr.eumor.ia. hsari
failure cr apoplexy
are often the result
cf kidney diseacs. I£
kidr.ey trouble is ai-
lcved to ad% - ance tha
kidr.ey-poisoned
blood will attack the
vita! crgans cr the
ak down ar.d wasta
away cell by cjl!.
Bladder troubles rr.ost al-vays result from
a derangement cf the kidneys and a cure is
obtained quickest by a proper treatment cf
the kidneys. If you are feeling badly you
can make no mistake by taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidr.ey, liver ar.d
bladder remedy.
It corrects inability to hold crfna and scald-
ing pain in passing it, ar.d overcomes that
unpleasant necessity of being competed to
go often durir.g the day, and to get yip many
times during the night. The mi!d and ths
extraordinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. I; stands ths highest for its v/cn-
derful curss of the rr.ost distressing casss.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to taks and sold
by a!! druggists in fifty-csr.t ar.d ens-dollar
sized bottles. You may x s
have a sample bottle cf ; • ' .'i^s
this wonderful r.ov dis- §£7;^! *fJHgp3
covsry and a book that
tslls all about it, bcth noi» cf swanp-Koot
ssnt fres by mail. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co.
Binghamton. N. Y. When writing mention
rsadlr.g this gsr.erous offer in this paper.
ADVZBXISEfiTEUTS.
Every Troaan should send for a free
copy of Dr. Pierces Medical Adviser.
Send 21 one-cent stamps to pay expense
of mailing only for the book' in paper
covers, or 31 stamps "for doth, to Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo.N. V.
* I bare taittn f our bottles of ' Favorite Prt-
•criptioa • for fcaiale weakness and change of
life." writes Mrs. IJxde A. Bowman, of New
J4at£3ora», NVashinrtoa Co., Ohio. "Before I
beS&3 tikfns- it I ctnUd not do anything:. I had
•ach jjaius In my head and in the back of ray
neck that I thought I weald lose ny mind. Kow
I ctn work every day asd do not suffer. I rec-
oTzrueni. ' Favorite Prescription * to all women
eeffericz ia the period of change of life. It i*
the best medicine I have e-rer found."
For a TTOoan to come to that period
known as change of life. It is almost
always a period of suffering, and the de-
rangement of mind and body is some
tisies so great that the family life is ut-
terly marred by the unhappy wife and
nother. At such a time every \ronl3u
needs just the help that is given by Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription. It works
•with Nature, soothes the nerves by nour-
ishing then, and cures diaeaaes of the
delicate organs. la brief, it makes weak
¦women strong; sick women well.
"Favorite Prescription" contains no
eleofcel, neither opium, cocaine, nor any
other narcotic
08. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
PI IOR several years we have been making J
tM r*7f clones to order at very reasonable pi
||| Ldi prices. Nearly every day some new |j
fei customer says~: "A friend of mine who- orders ij
II his suits from you has told me of the satis-
p| faction he obtained, so I have decided to>come, 1
pi to you for a suit." .j
|pj "This personally recommended trade is due Ig
II to these facts :We give values— make good i||
IH suits to order at low prices ; give the customer i
H protection— his moneys worth or his money ' g
|H back, and a year's repairing free when he m
111 Just now we are making sack suits and 1
lip cutaways to order for Si $.%o from heavy and 1
Hi summer-weight cloths, in light and dark pat- 31
pa terns. Any one calling can obtain samples, i
Wi which will prove conclusively, together with ;h
W4 our guarantee, that the suits are what most «
pf people want — good suits at a saving- price. . . ; j
Ey Out-of-town orders filled for custom-made clothes; ||l
j|3 write for samples and self-measuring blank; fit and satis- 33}
feS-j faction guaranteed. • j
H| " 718 Market Street and Cop. Powell and Eddy. Hi
country most danferoui
kidneys themselves brs;
serteosNot a Candidate.
Editor The; Call: A political article in Th*
Call of this morning refers to . me as a pos
sible candidate "fcr a place on the. Republican
electoral ticket. Though declination - imay
seem as premature as the announcement, I be*
to say I am not a candidate for the honor re
ferred to and would not accept It, or any other
political position, if It were tendered me.
Yours truly w. H. L. BARNES,
San .Francisco, June 27, 1900
LINCOLN. Xebr.. June 27.—Kx-Secre
tary J. Sterling Morton, who has Just, re
turned to Arbor Lodge from a conference
Orator Need Not Hope for '
Their Support.
GOLD DEMOCRAT^ YET
BITTER TOWABD BRYAN
Ex-Secretary Morton— Tieclares. the
MICHIGAN DEADLOCK.
Republicans Unable to Decide Upon
a Nominee for Governor.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., June 27.— The
Republican State Convention settled down
to business this afternoon and began bal
loting for Governor at 5:30 o'clock this
evening. At 10 o'clock to-night, It belngr
apparent that the convention was In a
deadlock, an adjournment was ordered
until 'to-morrow. Six delegates were
placed In. nomination, these being: Aaron
T. Bliss of Saginaw, Dexter M. Ferry of
Detroit, Justus S. Steams of Ludington,
Charles E. S. Osborne cf Sault Ste. itarie,
James O'Donnell of. Jackson and Mllo D.
Campbell of Coldwater. Ferry was In the
lead on the last balloti haSing 294 votes,
the number required to nominate being
421.
The committee on resolutions has com
pleted the platform, which will be pre
sented to-morrow. The platform com
mends the administration.* of 'President
McKinley; indorses the currency bill
passed by' Congress and the platform of
the Philadelphia convention: declares re
newed allegiance to the gold standard;
and expresses sympathy with' the. people
of the South African republics, hoping
that peace may be speedily secured. Upon
the question of trusts the platform says: ¦
W> place our stamp of disapproval upon all
combinations of capital tending to restrict com
petition in business, to create monopoly, to
limit production or to control prices, and we.
favor legislation to. that end.
•with Eastern Gold Democrats, will say In
his paper, . the Conservative, to-morrow:
The Gold Democrats are to-day, as firm in
their convictions for honest money, as loyal In
their devotion to principle, as they were in
IS?6. If Mr. Bryan Is again the nominee of the
Democratic party they will use. with slight
variation, the words he uttered In 1596 at
Richmond: "We will not come back."
If in 1896 the gold standard was a conspiracy
against the human race. If -It was then so
vicious as to merit such denunciation, it is
equally deserving of condemnation in 1900. If
the words Mr. JJryan uttere'l in 1596, in por
traying the iniquities 6f this gold standard,
¦wpre the expression of an honest conviction, it
would be an act of Infamy for him to now
compromise with those whom he once charged
with conspiring to destroy our homes and fire
sides. The Gold Democrats will not support
one who would thus knowingly identify him
self with those whom he believes are seeking
the ruin of the country. If this was not the
language of soberness and truth, if he was
only playing the arts of the demagogues of ap
pealing to the prejudices and passions of the
peopte. he Is dishonest and unfit for the Presi
dency. If he 'was honest and sincere in 1896
but is now willlnff to acknowledge himself In
error, he is so lacking In Judgment and so defi
cient in reasoning powers as to be utterly in
competent to be the Chief Executive of the
great republic. The Gold Democrats of the
United States will not support Bryanarchy
with or without silver.
year now annually expended to support
the liquor traffic and to demoralize our
people. Wlien that la accomplished things
¦will have co Improved that with a clearer
atmosphere the country can address Itself
to the questions as to the kind and quan
tity of currency needed." It continues:
We faoe with sorrow, rhaiaa and fear the
awful fart that this Honor traffic has a rriP
on our Government, municipal. State and na
tional, through the revenue system and sa
loon sovereignty, which no other party dares
to dispute: a grip which dominates the party
now in power from caucus to Congress, from
policeman to President, from the rum shop to
the White House; a rrip which compels the
Cfclef executive to consent that law Khali be
nulllflr-d in b<>lialf of the brewer, that the
canteen sha" cun»e our army and spread in
temperance across the seas, and that our
nag: shall wave as the symbol of partnership
at home and abroad between this Government
and th» men who defy and define it for their
own profit and rain.
W« charge upon President McKinley, who
vas elected to his office by appeals to
Chrirti&n sentiment and patriotism almost un
precedented and by a combination of moral
inSu^nces never before ae«o In this country,
that by his conspicuous example as a wine
drinker at public banquets and as a«wlne
v« rvir.sr host In the White House he has done
more to encourage the ilquor business, to de
moralise the trmp*rance hat-its of young
men &rrt to bring Chrtftlan practices and re
quirements Into disrepute than any other
Prwldent this republic has had.
• W* furthfr charge upon President McKln
ley rf'sponstblllty lor the army canf*ii, with
all Its «lire brood of disease. Immorality, tin
find death ia this country. In Cuba, in Porto
Rico and the Philippine*; and we insist thst
by bis attitude concerning the canteen and
hip aj<parrnt contempt for the v&et number of
petitions and petitioners protesting against It,
he has outraged and Insulted the moral fentl
mfnt of this country in iuch & manner and to
euch a <>: ••" a? <*a!ls for riirhteous uprising
a.ri<J his Isdicrnant and effective rebuke. We
us commander in chief of the forces of the
United States at any time prior to or since
March 3. 5599. could have closed every army
ealoon call«"d a canteen; by wce<"Utive order,
i— PresldTit H»y« did before him, and should
have Hosed them for the same reason* which
actuated President Ilayee: we-aEsert that the
act of Ctinsrees paswd March 2. 1898, forbid
dlnif the saJe of liquors '"In any post, en
change or canteen." by "any officer or pri
vate soldier." or by "any other person on
any premises used for military purpo^s by
the United Slates," was Bni is as explicit an
e-T of prohibition as the English language can
fra.me: we <ieelare our nolernn belief that the
Attorney General cf the United States in hi*
tnterpretetion of that taw and the i*?crettry
of War in. the are»ptja.nce of that interpreta
tion and hi* refusal to enforce the law were
and are rail!: of treasonable nullification
thereof; and that President McKlnley. through
Ms !!>¦•<¦«.! in and Indorsement of such inter
pretation and refusal on the part of the offi
cial* appointed by and responsible to him.
Ghar** Twponpibillty in tbelr guilt: and we
rword our conviction that a new and serious
peril confront* our country in the fact that
its PreFioVnt at the behest of the beer pow*r
dare and does abroeate a law In Conjfres»
through subordinates who** act« become his.
cad than virtually confesiw* that lawn ape to
be administered or to be nullified In the In
terest of a law-defying busineai, by an ad
rr.lnlft'&tlt.n under mortea»e to such business
for i«upi>ort. ¦
Foreign liiquor Policy Condemned.
We deplore the fact that an admtnlitra
ticn of this republic, claiming: the.rlrht and
power to carry our fla* acroen the Beao and to
ion<ju»r and annex new territory, should admit
its lac* of power to prohibit the American sa
loon on pubjucated soil, or ehou'.d openly con
fees Itself subject to liquor sovereignty under
that fine. We axe humiliated, exasperated and
rrteved. Jjj; the evidence painfully abundant,
that this s.ami:;i«ratlon'B policy of expansion
is bearing co rapidly lt« fruits of drunkeanei*.
Insanity and crime under the hothouse sun of
the tropics, and when the President of the first
Philippines Commission rays It waf unfortunate
that we Introduced and established the ealoon
there, to corrupt the natives to exhibit the
vices of our race. We charge the ir.lr-imanlty
and unchrlrtlanlty of this act upon the admin
istration of President McKlnley and upon the
party which elected and would perpetuate the
Fame. • • •
We call attention to the fearful fact that
exportation of liquors from the United States
to the Philippines increased from $537 In ISSB
to J45T.198 in the firrt ten months of the fiscal
year ending June 1, 1S0O; and that while our
exportation of liquors to Cuba never reached
J3o,<ym a year previous to American occupation
of tha"t Island, our exports of such liquors to
Cuba during the flsca! year of ISI-9 reached the
sum of $629, 6C5.
The platform was received with the
wildest enthusiasm. Every sentence in
condemnation of President UcKinley was
greeted with shouts of applause and ap
proval, and cries of "Hit him again!" the
delegates standing on their chairs and
yelling.
"I have another resolution recommend
ed by the committee on resolutions," said
Professor Hopkins. He then read the fol
lowing-:
Resolved, Ttiat it Is the sense of this conven
tion that the light of ballot shall not be denied
any citizen on account of ccx. .
Declares for Equal Suffrage.
It was evident .that leaving the woman
suffrage plank out of the platform was
distasteful to many delegates, and when
Mrs. Beauchamp, resident of the Wo
men's Christian Temperance Union of
Kentucky, took the platform to advocate
an equal suffrage plank., she was wildly
applauded. A picture of Frances E. Wll
lard which hung 0% - er the speaker's stand
had fallen down during the afternoon re
cess. It had not heen replaced. Mrs.
Beauchamp referred . to its "removal,"
and in an instant a very respectable row
was on.
"I protest arainst such shameful insln.
uatlons; it fell down!" yelled one excited
male delegate.
"Put It up again!" shouted another.
It wa« hung up behind the speaker's
desk, but this did not satisfy the dele
pates, and the hall did not become quiet
until the portrait had been hung from
the gallery. After considerable discus
sion, a rising vote was called for and the
f>latform and additional resolution favor
ng woman suffrage adopted by a prac
tically unanimous vote and amid a temp,
est of cheers.
The Xatlor.al Committee of the Prohi
bitionist party mot at the Palmer House
at the close of the afternoon session and
unanimously re-elected Oliver "W. Stewart
as national chairman. • Other officers
elected are: fiamuel Dickie. Michigan, vice
chairman; William T. "Ward well. New
York, secretary; S. B. Hastings, Wiscon
sin, treasurer. The executive committee
was Increased In number from four to
five. The committee resolved to conduct
a "schoolhouse campaign." holding' meet
ings In every available place In the coun
try and In general endeavoring to arouse
Interest in the cause of prohibition."
• ¦s . :
Continued From Third Page.
PROHIBITIONISTS GATHER IN CONVENTION
Newspaper Changes Hands.
LOS ANGELES, June 27.— The Express
this afternoon says that the Los Angeles
Herald, at present the only Democratic
daily paper In Los Angeles, has been sold.
The transfer of the property will take
place to-morrow. The new owner is a
newspaper man named James of Brad
ford, Pa. W. B. Hardison,' a local man
with large oil interests and Governor
Henry T. Gage are said to be associated
with Mr. James, which would indicate
that the paper Is to be changed to a Re
publican paper. •
Sr>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ANA. June 27. — A remarkable
fasting record is that of Mrs. Mary
B«canon of 712 East First street,
this city, which surpasses that of
Dr. Tanner of New York by seven
days, or a total of forty-seven days.
It was not for notoriety that Mrs. Be
canon entered upon the fast which ex.
ceeded by some days her 'expectations.
For three years she had suffered from
stomach trouble. One day while chatting
with a number of friends she mentioned
her trouble, and one of the party sug
gested that she refrain from food for a
time. She consulted her physician and he
fell In with the suggestion, giving his
consent without hesitation.
Mrs. Becanon made preparation in ac
cordance with the suggestion, and on the
second day of May enfred upon what
she expected to b*> a ten or fifteen dayn'
fast. But when ten days had come and
gone she was feeling po much better than
she had felt for many months that she
decided to prolong her fasting period.
Ten days more passed "away, and still
she felt no need of nourishment, and she
fasted on until at the close of the forty
seventh day she felt she must take some
nourishment, although she did not crave
It at all.
She dared not force solid food upon her
stomach after Its long rest, and the first
thing to pass her lips was tomato juice,
and only a cupful of this.
During her longr abstinence from food
she drank from three to four cupfiils of
hot water each day. She exercised dail>,
always dre??ingr and undressing herself.
Her little daughter was sick with typhoid
fever for a short time while her fast was
on and she gave the little one considera
ble of her attention, although a rrurse
was in the house all the time to look
after the little one and attend to th«
wants of the mother.
The most remarkable part of the fast
was that the first two weeks Mrs. Be>
canon grew a little weak, after whicn
time she took the opposite course and
prcw stronger. On the forty-third I da>
sho declared that she felt stronger than
she did at the time she entered upon her
remarkable fnst.
The lady is but 37 years of age. She
was a hta\»y woman— lB3 pounds— and ap
poarpd to -have an almost unlimited ca
pacity for self-support. After all this time
the body has decreased in weight fifty
pounds. Her stomach has been so weak
ened by its long inactivity that it has
hardly retained anything since two dayh
after the fast was broken. Clam soup ana
other liquid nourishment were given her
on the two days following the day on
which she interrupted her fast by par
taking of tomato juice, all of which were
retained. But her stomach now rebels
against anything in the line of food anft
the result may prove that the fast was
a fatal mistake. However, her- physician
and family firmly believe that she will be
all right in a few days, and that the
troublesome stomach will resume its nor
mal condition and perform its duties with
regularity.
MBS. MABY BEOANON OF SANTA ANA, WHO FASTED
FORTY-SEVEN DAYS.
MURDEROUSLY ASSAULTED
BY DISCHARGED EMPLOYE
H. C. Hclmaxi, a Stockton Capitalist,
Shot Down in the Office
of His Hotel.
Sp-cial Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. June- 27.— 11. C. Holman.
one of the most prominent citizens of this
place, was murderously assaulted this
evening in the office cf his hotel by a man
known as Charles Marsh. The desperate
man f.rrd two phots at the aged capital
ist, one ball entering at the side of the
nose, ranging downward and coming out
at the back of the neck.
Marsh, who was formerly employed as a
waitpr, was recently discharged and ac
cused of dishonesty. This evening Hol
man was sitting in his office reading a
paper when Marsh entered and, after a
lew angry words, drew a revolver and
opened hre.
The first shot was fired so close that
the hotel man was burned. He fell behind
the counter and thus escaped the second
shot. The wound is serious. It is re
parded as remarkable that the ball passed
the arteries and vital parts. Owing to the
advanced .age of Mr. Holman fears are
entertained for his recovery, although the
physicians are very hopeful. Marsh was
promptly arrested. The victim of his fury
is a capitalist and the owner of the United
States Hofl,
LONDON'S UNDERGROUND
RAILWAY IN OPERATION
Stretches From the Bank of England
to the Westen/ Suburbs of
the City.
LONDON, June 27.— The newest and
most modern underground electric rail
road running from the Bank of England
to the western suburbs, beneath the cen
tral portion of London, was opened by
the Prince of Wales this afternoon in the
presence of a distinguished gathering.
The Prince rode the whole length of the
railroad and greatly admired the hand
come American cars, similar to those of
the New York elevated, and the eleva
tors from the streets to the station plat
form, eig-hty feet under ground.
Injuries Prove Fatal.
SAN JOSE. June 27.— Lloyd Erknon. the
el even -year-old boy who waa terribly in
jured last week by grasping live electric
wires on the side of a buildjng, died this
evenirgr, after the second arm amputation
had been performed.
Special PlFpatoh to The Call.
PASADKN'A. June 17.— Carlo F. Dxss,
v.ha has Jived hnre for fourteen years an
unassuming artist, proves in he v Prince
of Naples, whose renl name is Carlo Au-
Ei'^X Frederick Henry Murat. The story
;<-;ik«'d out whdi Captain Ljxps chose as
his bride the daughter of a well known
resident. Miss Jul:a tfheltema. Dx^s had
a studio at 123 South Vernon avenue. He
Is r.C'Vt d years old and hit* rrlde is 23.
l3x?s served in the Crimean war. and
there met Captain J. T. Sheltoma. They
have been friend.* here. Sheltema knowing
th* Prince's secret, which he kept for po
!:tiral reasons. He came to the United
States In lW'j. The Pri:.ce told the secret
to nis lady love.
They went to San Bernardino and there
bribed the Judce to marry them and say
nothing abcut it. but somebody gave It
away, and now they tell the whole story.
Tn«»y chose a Judge to marry them be
caufo they proposed to travel in Europe,
and in the groom's country a marriage
by a L'nitod States preacher would not be
good. The Prince and his pretty bride
are now domiciled" at Captain Slititcma'a
home. r*"S Herkimer street. They are very
happy. When Interviewed to-day Prince
Murst «ai(J they had hoped to keep their
secret for a year.
Tor Fourteen Years Carlo Aujjust
Frederick Henry Marat Has
iLived in Pa-sadesa Under
a Norn de Flume.
Marriage Makes Public the
Secret of Man Known as
Carlo Dxss.
OBSCURE ARTIST
PROVES TO BE AN
ITALIAN PRINCE
Remarkable Record Made by a Santa Ana
Woman Who Had No Desire for
Nourishment
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 27.—Congress
man William Sulsor, who is being Loomed
for Vice President on the Democratic
ticket, an-i Richard Croker and ex-Senator
E. G.« Murphy of New York, will have a
conference at Lincoln, Neb., with William
J. Bryan before they come to Kansas City
to* attend the national convention. Sterl
ing Price of Texas, who has opened head
quarters liere for Mr. Sulzer, to-day re
ceived a telegram from that gentleman
saying he had left New York for Lincoln
at noon to-day. Another telegram say 3
Messrs. Croker and Murphy will be in
the Nebraska capital on Friday night.
Sulzer hopes to be on the ticket with Mr.
Bryan and it is said the latter expressed
a_ desire to confer with him. Further
than this Mr. Price would vouchsafe noth
ing.
. President O'Connell of the Sons of Lib
»rty, the oldest organization in New York,
is on his way to Kansas City and wiil
open headquarters for Sulzer to-morrow
•evening or Friday, and Fred Feigl, editor
of the. Tammany Times, another subor
dinate, will arrive on Friday.
The city is beginning to take on a gala
appearance in anticipation of an early ar
rival of delegates; business houses are
being decorated, arc and incandescent
lights are being strung in profusion on
the downtown streets and a general clean
up is In progress. A good-sized contingent
of Eastern newspaper representatives has
already arrived, but a general inflow of
people is not expected till Friday.
Ex-Governor William J. Stone, national
commltteernan for Missouri and vice
chairman of the national commitee, is ex
pected on Fi-iday night, as are other mem
bers of the sub-committee, which will hold
a meeting on Saturday. James Boyle, dis
trict leader of Tammany, will arrive on
Saturday with about a dozen of his col
leagues. They come to prepare the way
for the Tammany delegation, which will
reach Kansas City on Monday evening on
two special trains. !On Sunday the State
delegations will begin to arrive. T*he
Pennsylvania delegation, made up of 100
people, and the Montana delegation, head
ed by W. A. Clark, is due on Sunday
morning and the Kansas delegation in
the evening.
On Monday the New England delegates
from Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont,
Massachusetts, Connecticut and Rhode
Island, with George Fred Williams of
Massachusetts, their Vice Presidential
candidate, will reach the city, and on the
same day the California, Nebraska and
Missouri delegations win arrive.
The greatest rush of delegations will
arrive on Tuesday. Nearly all of the
States not mentioned are booked to arrive
on that day.
A convention innovation, the reading cf
the Declaration of Independence from the
platform, will be introduced at the first
session on July 4, and, according to the
present programme, the music and deco
rations of that day will be selected "with
a particular idea of commemorating the
national holiday."
The badges for the delegates have been
received. ."They are an elaborate affair.
There is ian oxidized silver bar for the
pin, below which hangs a silk flag about
four Inches lohk. To the flag is attached
a medallion of pold or oxidized silver.
Democrats Already Treking to Kan
sas City to Build Political
Fences Before. the Con
vention Opens.
Croker ~ and Murphy Will
Confer With Bryan at
Lincoln.
TAMMANY IS
BACKING THE
SULZER BOOM
LIVED FORTY-SEVEN
DAYS WITHOUT FOOD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 28, 1900.
4
»A° ; - TOCALOMA
BERTRAND HOTEI^-Flrst-claas accommo-
dations; reasonable rates: for families and par-
ties; fishing, bathing, beautiful drives to Bear
Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or Pahl's
shoe store. 524 Kearny Ft.. P. F. £S£dBS53&V!K§
YOSFMJTF SHS H hours from san
«, ?, i Francisco, via the Big
Oak Hat route. Stages leave Chinese Station
on line Sierra R. R. daily. Round trip from
Ean Francisco $31. For further Information call
or address WM. J. "WHITE. General A K ent
630 Market 6t.. S. F.; telephone Main 6182
A. DOLLMANN.'Kapa Soda Springs P. O.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
TOURISTS can ret first-class rigs from H. A.
ELDRED. Ukiah, for all summer resorts, at
reasonable rat**. Ka*ri« sta ».!.»•_ t-i. Ha. »«•
ELMBNTF HOTFI Los oatos. c«i.—
.« * IIUIEL,, Beautiful grounds.
magnificent viewS-and first-class accommoda-
tions. Large tunny rooms. Speplal rates to
families. Free bus meets every train; 55 miles
from San Francisco. Fare $1 63.
j Natural steam baths, swimming, fishing,
hunting and livery. .Write for pamphlet. L
WERTHEIMER. Manager. ;
THE GEYSERS, £— -j-
ONE OF NATURE'S ."WONDERS.
GLEN OAKS RANCH — Nice r surro undinKs:
comfortable rooms: good table; convenient
- location. Address P. QUIEN. Glen Ellen. Cal.
THE Tallman House. Upper Lake. Homo cook-
Ing; reasonable rates. Headquarters for tour-
ists and commercial _irav<>lers.
ST. HELENA SAMTABICM. Jg£TZ
Napa \ alley. inatitutlon has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St Helena! Cal*
KKTSER Se WATSON. Hopland. convey tour-
ists to Highland Springs. Kelsey vllie. Carlsbad
Springs and Lakeport. Tha be^ of turnout^
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co. : fine fishln?, boating, bathlny and
bunting; In the heart of the mountains. The
best table In Lake Co. Address O. WKIS-
MAN, Mldlake P. P.. Lahe C 0... Cal.
visit. Oß- JORDAN'S great 4
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
C The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
4*gJ iw .World. Ueaknei-cs or any contracted a
dß£*fifcU diseMepeilllfrlyetarodbrthcoldsit T
V gSI Ml Specialist ruthu Coast. Est-isyean ©
' sf 2" A OR. JCR3AM— PRIVATE DISEASES 4
>?fij*f ! j&R toj<ultation freo and strictly private. \ j
I YSi f H Triitment pfrsonally or. by letter. A A
. Bif <\S B Pt " llv <> Our* In every case uDdertaken. \
19 // II & w r:te far Book.rßaoBoPaVf'i
II 1 H4HBIME, HAIUO FSIUL (Af
: A fli' . valuable book for men ) \
11»«1 1»« JORDAN & CO., 1051 Marlcet St., B. F. f
VVALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
f .°J I °, iUeß . 5", a B P° rtsni en. First.cla«s table.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine SDrine water
Rates V up. Send for circular. C. H W
BRUXIXG. Santa Rosa. Cal.
Kenilworth inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric Ugata. bil-
liards lawn" tennis, croquet Strictly first clans.
For tir^s apply to Mrs. P. J. MARTINA.
BaNTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch, fly*
miles from Santa Crux: delightful summer
home in redwoods; runnln* water: abundanco
fruit, good table; terms 15 SO week. Address
W*. CRANDELU Santa Crus. Cat
THE'WELLESLEY,
California and Larkin Sts.. San Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family Hotel.
MRS. U. MEP.RT. Proprietress.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Tne most attractive place In Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl-
ing, tennis. Hrery. new walks. •tf Vr^Vr»U for
circular to "¦ WAMBOLD.
Laurel Pell. Lake County. Cal.
J0 <JF|§
4 Quart Bottles, $3-20
Express Charges /Prepaid,
HIGHEST GRADE FOR MEDICINAL OR
family use. We give you the benefit of ths
middlemen's, profit; besides, you are guaranteed
the certainty of
[pip PURE WKISKEY -^gg
Nothing on case to indicate contents. Money
refunded If not satisfactory. Twice the price
could buy no better. Reference, any business
firm and commercial agencies.
F, EP"RAIM & CO.. Distillers' Agents.
18 Montjom-ry S. P.. Cal.
Sole Agents French Colony Vineyard Co., Inc.
&KAolt>& HOT. SPRINGS. SONOMA
Ol\/-%VIVJiO Countyj only 44 hours
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues:
be?t natural bath in State; grand mountain
scenery, good trout streams at" door; telephone.
telegraph: dally mall and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stages: round trip from
San Francisco only }5 60. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7: JO a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Term*. $2 a day or
Jl2 a week. References— Any euest of the past
five years; patronage constantly Increasing.
J. F. MTJLGREW. Proprietor.
Now open and offering every charm to pleas-
ure and health seekers. Boating, swimming.
REhlng tennis, croquet, billiards, bowling alley,
golf links good driving and saddle horses, su-
perior table. Campers' ticket from San Fran-
cisco »3 00 Full information at Traveler office.
2.1 Montgomery «t.. ori B. DICKINSON. Let-see.
Ben Lemond, Cal.
N THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
ROWARDENNAN
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL.
Iron and Magnesia Springs. Thw celebrated
springs adjoin Bartlett Springs. Ki*hin«r; hunt-
Ing; home cooking: rood beds: $S ••J?JKJ2SP
cottases for housekeeping MRS. H. HOPPI.N.
Bartlett Springs. Cal.
HLAAIATH HOT SPRINCS.
The healthiest resort in the prettiest county la
California. Trout fishing— finest in the state —
Shovel Creek. 13 miles for castlne. Hunting-
plenty of game in gurroundine nvuntaln*—
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON 8K03..
lToprietors. Berwick. Siskiyou County. CaU
Orchard Springs,
The Place foi» Rest and Health,
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA NE-
vada. near Coif ax. on ttie C. P. . R. R. Plain,
qutet retreat; finest scenery, water, mountain
air, fruit and all-the-year-round climate In Cal-
ifornia: ideal frrounds and surroundings: on
railroad. 136 miles from San Francisco; $3 a>
week: open all year: send for booklet. Aildres»
ORCHARD SPRINGS, Chicago Park. Cal.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
GEORGE W. THOMPSON.
Wl Market at.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE,
SANTA.CATALINA ISLAND,
3% Hours' Hide From Los AnseleV- Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
. Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
Ths Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLIS and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
If you desire a vacation of complete rest
and recreation, with cool health, the cozy
.SARATOGA SPRINGS
will suit you exactly. Booklet.
J MARTKNS. Prop.. Bachelor P. O-.
Lak? Co. City Office, 416 Pine street.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINQ>^a m aneT te
pnrinKs; new management; a place of comfort
all seasons: 46 miles from S. F.. via Tiburon
ferry. R. R. station on hotel grounds: exten-
sive swimming tank: SlO |0 and up per week;
round-trip It 10 on Sunday. COOPKR ft STKTV-
AKT, Aqua Callentc. Cal. Lnnß-distance phone.
INDEPENDENCE I_/\K.E
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate,
tine fishing, excellent table,, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak, no pests. An ideal spot
for families." See "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June 1. Address MRS. H. M
CLEMOXS. Independence Lake. Cal.
W..R.. JIeGOVERN, Kelsey vll!e. Laks Co.
CARLSBAD SS E NN R OO A SLS L
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed fcr dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations first
class; $10 a week: lighted by gas.
DUNCAN SPRINGS BOTELS£-BJS?
Unequaled soda and magnesia waters. Good
for all stoma.cn. kidney and liver troubles
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. HOWELL, Hopland
Mendocino County, Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE—^H I^ 8 . Sf°iS
stage line. -Good trout fishing; plenty f'nilt
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
J LITTTRINOER, Seavlew." Sonoma Co. or ap-
ply MR. KRUSE. 207 Front st.. for part4culars.
Three miles from Ukiah. Mendocino County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths: only
place In the world of this class of waters
having continuous flow of natural warm wat»r
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds; fishing and hunting: crystal spring:
accommodations and table first class. Opens
April 15th.
J. A. REDEMETER & CO.. Proprietors.
VICHY SPRINGS.
D.,~.*t,«* The Sanitarium o
DVTOn the Const. Th-b"
-j j. physicians recom
Hot . mmd as the only
9 cure for rh-umaiism
"nJ m.ilaria.
O*|JB 18»^^39 Atldrcss A BTCTTENS.
Mjr, Byron Hot Sprlntrs. Cal.
rifv OffW. Room ?". 3fi ncqrv street.
OCEANEXCURS
Pacific Coast Steamship Co., Pan Francisco
to Victoria, Vancouver, Seattle, Tacoma and
other ports of call and return. 11 days' trip.
San Francisco to Seattle and the Inland Pas-
sage to Skaguay, over the White Pass Railway,
down the Yukon to Nome, returning by ocean,
SO to 35 days' trip.
San Francisco to Seattle, thence per steamer
Senator, July. 21, via Juneau, Skaguay, Glacier
Hay and the Inland Passage, in sißht of Mt.
St. Ellas, via Unimak Pass and Seal Islands
to Nome, thence to . East Cape and Siberian
coast, crossing the Arctic Circle and passinc
Into the Arctic Ocean and return, nbout 40
days' trip.
Fuli particulars In pamphlet, entitled Alaska
Excursions. TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Mont-
gomery st.
PARAISO GOT SPRINGS, CarU ££ P o L.
Monterey County. Cal. — For health, rest,
climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-dat»
accommodations; beautiful scenery; profusion
of flowers: hot soda, sulphur and electrlo
baths: swimming tank 30x60 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and flshlns; chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis an>i
dance haU: large hotel and 30 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families: all
illuminated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
«end streets. San Francisco. 9 a. m. ; First and
Broadway, Oakland. 9:10 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad, then by Mage over beautiful level road 1
miles to springs. Round-trip tickets. $S. at S.
P. office. «13 Market street. Telephone and,
postofflce. For illustrated pamphlet* and fur-
ther information address E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
6u lAJ.
Specialists for diseases and weakness of
men. largest institute and most exten-
sive practice. No charge for consultation.
Home cures. Free private book at ofilce
or by mall.
731 Market StJ3. F.
HOURS— DaIIy. 9 to 5. Evjfings, 7 to
8. Sundays, 9 to 11. Elevator Entrance.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell's Mineral Springs
At GIiEN ELLKN Is the best camping, picnic
and pleasure resort on the Coast. The greatest
remedy for 'lung disease, liver and btomacn
complaints, rheumatism and catarrh in the
world; 46 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and P. F. and N. P. R. R. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished:
rent cheap. \No fogs ncr poison oak at the
Dark Mineral water, boats and bathln* fre«.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNKLU office 1021 V;
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health this is the place to go.
*^'*^~ ««.* "ffiV — — '.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters ar» noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia, Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. 2lagnlflcent
scenery, delightful ' walks. Hunting and fish-
Ing. No fogs. UnequaJed for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. $12 to Sl4 per "week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. F.. 9 a.
m. and 1:45 p. m. dally. Carriages at Gilroy
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
W'hfre. Shast i'a summit, clad in snow,
Smilr? dciwn on Nature's broad expanse
Far from the chilling summer trigs and free
from winds and dust and heat. SIPSOX TAV-
EKX 8500 feet at>ove the sea level, on the ever-
green siopen of Shasta, is the Ideal spot for a
Fiimmer vacation. Near It the great forests of
pine nr.d ceJar and hemlock, around it a wide
expanse of meadows, above it the perfect
bfauty of Shasta. •
For the idler— rest. For the hunter— the Rreat
came of the mountains. For the angler— the
salmon and the trout In the headwaters of the
Fn<- rumen to and the Klamath. ALL. AT SIS-
gnX'P POOR. The tavern Is new and fresh
and clean, with every modern comfort. The
railway lirlnss one almost to the door.' . Where
Nature Is her trrandest, come and learn how
grand her inspirations are. Rate*. $10 to 112
r«*>r week $2 r,fl ncr day. Guides and horses for
mountain climbfnir. MRS. M. L. SISSON. Pro-
prlotor. Sis»on, Cal.
San Joso '.s the central city of California, and
Hotel Ver.flome is its molt attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
In every respect, with servlc* unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further information call
at "Traveler" office, 20 Montgomery St.. San
Francisco, or address
, GEO. P. SNELL, Mgr.. San Joae. Cal.
Central California
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And...
Soda Springs.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 13.
Located In the midst of rrand and lmpresstv*
mountain scenery, with Mount Shasta
and the Crags for a
background.
FINE HUNTING AND FISHING.
Unsurpassed cuisine and service and reason-
able rates. .
RAILROAD FAnE. round trip. Including
•leeper both ways. 814.
For rmtea. terms and other Information ad-
drcaa: E. B. PIXLEY. Manager.
Care Pacific Improvement Company.
Crocker Bulldlnj:. San Francisco.
OTTO EKIEV£R .PROP, PASO ROBLES.CAL
Grand Ball on the 4t£
Masis by Fuhr's Family Orchestra.
For further information apply to
F. "W. ELY. city asent. 640 Market
Btreet. Telephone Red 2336. ,<
Paso
Ro&les
Hot
Springs
Round
trip'6.2o
Tickets on sale
July 2 to 4, at all
S. P. Stations,
good to July 6.
IIiDSPRIS
J. CRAIG and H. R. WARNER,
OKO. W. WATSON, the faro " vs tI H "f tt w r m b*
Fisherman tso many years at Bartlett) t»UI c«
here to welcome his host of frlenci*.
OVEH CO MINERAL. SPRINGS.
Rates-JlO. in and *U per Week.
Ro»!.lent Phrslrlan. Advice Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Klectrle«>.
Hot^i and Cottace?, lathed and plastered.
COOL P.OOMS. Plenty of Shade.
BEST PAID ORCHESTRA IN LAKE
COUNTY.
Dancinff in Ballroom every evening: George
W. Watson. Dancinsr Teacher. Tennis and Ooir
Tournaments Weekly. JUJiiii
ONLY GOI.F LINKS IN LAKE COUNTY.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS HOTEL, or
ca!l on lii D.CRAIO. 316 Montgomery street.
Highland Springs. Mineral Waters on sale ; at
OAKLAND PIONEEJR SODA WATER CO
Thirteenth and Webster streets. Oakland:
AHRENS. PEl^ & KULLWINKIiE. . 620 Post
street, Sin Francisco. .
For further information call at Traveler
Office, 20 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
' CALIFOBHIA RORTHWESTERH H'Y CO.
I Lessee of San Francisco and North PaclUc
Railway Company.
The Picturesque Route of California.
FOR THE
On TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY,
July -3 «rtc« -*.
Round-trip tickets will be sold from San Frar..
Cisco to all points north of San Ra-
fael at the rate of
ONE SINGLE FARE
?-'.' As follows:
Petaiuma $1 0); Geyservllle $2 55
Santa Rrtsa 1 VA Cloverdale 3 X
Sabas-topol 1 80; Hopland 3 so
Guerneville 2 50 j I.'klah ».. 4 l>\
Windsor 1 95 1 Scnoma 100
Healdsburg 2 25| Glen Ellen 12a
Lytton 2 401
Return Limit, THURSDAY, July sth, IDOO.
Oa SATURDAY, SUNDAY, MONDAY.
June 30th. July Ist, July !d. Round trip tickets
will be sol«J from San Francisco to aU'pointa
north of San Rafael at the following RE-
DUCED RATES:
Petaluma H 5"); Geysorvltle $3 »j
Santa Rosa 2 25! Cloverdale 4i)
Sebastopol 2 TO Srr.orr.a 1 s'»
Guernevllle 3 73; Glen Ellen 1 *>
Windsor - 2 95: Hopland 5 <**
H*^ildsburu 3 4<v Uklah 5 CO
Lyttan 3 69!
Return Limit. TIICR?PAT July ath, \VS>\
For further Information apply at ticket office,
<£ft MARKET ST;, Chronicle building, or TIB-
URON FERRY, foot of Market st. General
office, Mutual Life bui!dtns. 222 Sansnmc st.
R. X. RYAN. Gen'l Pass. Agent.
H. C. WHITING. General Manager.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MARW
CO.
Positively enroll cy tHeie
little Pills*
"ITiey also Tlieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A po>
&ct remedy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drcnvsl*
ness, BadTasttmthe Mouth, Coated Tcngw
Pain in the Side, TORPID OVER. They
Ungulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable;
Small Pi!!, Small Doso*
Small PirHoev
CELEBRATE
QE e3 13 Bl bQ 80.
BUY DIRECT FROM THE
MAKERS,
CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS 00.
2/9 FRONT STREET, .
SAN FRANCISCO.
KNITiSriNGCO.
103 Post St., Near Kearny, S. F.
Beaotiful New Styles
(fet\ LadiesT
>5w Gent's and Children's
MML Bathin S
mm ilii
Q>l I|\\ff4' < " (Alpaca ana Knitted)
?|SI y At Prices to
-^^|L=ws^ . Suit Everybody.
l 3 ._¦«_ Sweaters, Jersoys, Golf Vest9,
_^^__ . Jackets, Leggings. Sport-
££ Vfr ins Goods.
• «?- Send for Illustrated Cata-
V. - : -^-\ ' - ¦ logues.Judgment on Welburn* s Bonds.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow ren
dered Judgment by default yesterday
against the bondsmen of O. M. Welburn
for a deficiency of $5982. as disbursing offi
cer of the Government. No contest was
made.
Ingersoll Bests Welsh.
OAKLAND, June 27.— George Ingersoll
of the Reliance Club won his maiden right
to-night at the West Oakland Athletic
Club in a four-round go, securing the de
cision over M. Welsh of Alameda. T.
Herman knocked out J. Uttle In the fifth
round. Mike McClure and Dave Barry
went ten rounds, the go being declared a
draw. A big crowd witnessed the con
tests.
Another Athlete for California,
-BERKELEY, June 27.— Ex-Football
Manager I. J. Muma of the University of
California said to-day that Albert Cunha,
center of the Yale football team, will
register at the State University next
August. Mr. Cunha has attended Yale
during the past three years and has bet-n
very prominent in football and baseball.
He played center on the football team
and catcher in the baseball nine last
year. He was born in Honolulu but re
sides In San Francisco.
old bay colt Joe Chamberlain, ridden by
J. B. Martin. Innocence was second and
Ameer third. Eight horses ran.
American Jockey's Success.
• LONDON." June* 27.— At Newcastle - to
day the^race. for. the Northumberland
plate was yon by J. C Dyer's" three-year-
Mrs. \V. B. Hooper, wife of Major
Hooper of the Occidental Hotel, through
her attorney. Gavin McNab, has brought
suit against the San Francisco Riding
Club for damages In the sum of $1000.
Mrs. Hooper alleges that she left a valu
able horse In charge of defendant to be
cared for during her absence, and
through neglect the animal died.
Demands Heavy Damages.
HAVE BEEN MAN AND
WIFE FIFTY yEARS
•iV'.v ¦¦¦:'¦
Bey. Dr. and Mrs. J. H. Warren Cele-
brate Their Golden Jubilee
"With Their Friends.
A delightful and Interesting function
drew hosts of friends to the home of the
Rev. Dr. and Mrs. James H. Warren last
night. It was the gulden wedding of Dr.
Warren, who Is known as Bishop War
ren to Congregationallsts all over Amer
ica. In 1850 Dr. and Mrs. Warren were
married In* Galesburg t 111. Immediately
afterward they came to San Francisco
in answer to a call sent the j-oung mii»
lster. then Just ordained, to take' charge
of the first Congregational church con
secrated In San Francisco. Since thai
time Dr. Warren has founded no' less
than 180 places of Congregational worship
in California.
Last night, while friends thronged
around him and his bride of fifty years
In a room decorated In amber tones, let
ters and telegrams poured in and were
read from clergy in almost every State.
Although 81 years old, Dr. .Warren Is
still active in philanthropic works, and
the seventy-three summers Mrs. Warren
has seen have rendered her a no less ef
ficient helper In charity than she was half
a century ago.
World to End This Tear.
Tfclt 1« tfce recent decision of one of the
prominent ««c!etie» of the world, but the exact
day ha* not yet beea fixed upon, and while
there «re very few people who believe this
prediction, there are thousands ot others who
not only believe, but know that Hcwtetter's
Stomach Bitten Is the best medicine to cure
<jyri«-p»la. Indigestion, .constl ration, billous
r ,;. f , or liver and kidney troubles. A fair trial
•will certainly convince you of its value,
The jsub-commlttees of the finance com
mittee on the semi-centennial celebration
of the admission of California to state
hood paid visits yesterday to a number
of corporations and Individuals to notify
them that they -would be called upon to
85Flst financially. Everywhere they went
they received encouraging responses. It
Is the general opinion that there will not
be any difficulty to obtain the amount of
money the committee estimate will be
needed to give the grandest display San
Francisco ever undertook. '
The parade committee held a meeting
last night In the Palace Hotel headquait
crs. John H. Grady in the chair.
Colonel Boxton of the special commit.
tee on floats said hie committee will at
the next meeting submit a report of the
number of floats, their character and
probable cost. «-'
T H Vivian moved that the parade be
held on Monday. September 10. and the
motion was carried.
J. W. Lewis stated that It had been sug
gested to him that there ehou'.d be an
independent paratie of floats on an even-
Ing and that the floats be illuminated.
Colonel Boxton suggested that the pro
cession could be shortened by placing or
ganizations In columns of four, three
~ Colonel Howell, Grand Marshal Costello
Parade Committee Decides
. on September 10 for
the Parade.
ENCOURAGING
REPORTS ABOUT
JUBILEE FUNDS
JiXffi I*S. LILLIAN ROSS, or Lucy
I )(\ Acevedo « as sne now calls herself,
II M>\ has aßalna B al n been telling fairy
tales to Captain of Detectives
Seymour and that official has about come
to the conclusion that she does not know
the truth. She says now that she never
had a husband, but that David Wasser
man, the son of a prominent dry poods
merchant of Sacramento, is the father of
her first child, and Louis yon Figllo a
barber of the same city. Is the father' of
the second child.
The Sacramento police discredit the
whole story. They telephoned to Captain
Seymour last night that they have been
unable to find any such person as Yon
Figllo and they believe that no such man
ever was In Sacramento. David Wasser
man emphatically denies the story of his
alleged Intimacy with the woman. He ad
mits having met her at a dance in Sacra
mento about three years ago, but says
that he never became intimately acquaint
ed with her. Attorneys Seymour &
White of Sacramento, who are claimed b»
Mrs. Ross to have Interviewed her on be>
half of Wasserman after the birth of. her
first child, absolutely deny the whole
Etory.
Captain Seymour is still working on the
theory that Mrs. Ross -was a party'to the
robbery and attempted burning of the Ce
derberg flat, at 3539 Twenty-fourth street
on last Sunday night. He is still after the
man who was the last "husband" of Lucy
Acevedo, alias Mrs. Lillian Ross. He be
lieves that this person, if he can be found
can shed some light on the mystery. The
people who have been neighbors of the
Acevedo family during the past few
months say that they have never seen
Mrs. Ross, as they knew her, with any
man, except on one occasion, about three
weeks ago, when she went downtown with
a strange* who called at the house, and
afterward stated that the caller was her
"friend."
Detectives Byram and Wren give the
Acevedo family a very bad name as the
result of three days' Investigation in the
vicinity of their home. They say that
the family lives In* a mysterious way and
that they are known as petty thieves.
Chief of Police Sullivan of Sacramento
saya that Lucy bore a very bad reputa
tion before she left that city.
Although the Acevedos claim to be very
poor and on the verge of starvation, they
had a Jolly party In their house, 817 Va
llejo street, on Tuesday night, to which
several of their Spanish friends were in
vited. There was plenty to eat and drink
and they kept up the fun for several
hours.
Captain Seymour has secured the state
ments of two men who will be important
witnesses If the matter ever gets into the
courts. One is L. A. Eaton, a watchman
for the telephone company, who was closo
by when the fire started In the Cederberg
flat, and who put out the blaze. He was
watching a lot of stuff In the street, al
most In front of the door and must have
seen anybody who entered or left the
place by the front way: but he did not
see any stranger there that night.
Joseph Corrlgan, 1803 Folsom street, who
first discovered the fire, has told Captain
Seymour that when he ran up to the door
he found it partially ajar, but in the ex
citement Mrs. Whltehouse pulled It shut
and the spring. lock caught He did not
hear any one crying for help at that time.
"Mrs. Lillian Ross" Proves
to Be a Single Woman
With a Record.
NO LIGHT UPON
THE CEDERBERG
BURGLARY CASE
and Mr. Rittorie were named as a com
mittee to attend to the police arrange
ments for the parade.
It was decided that the bands to be
furnished by the committee shall be lim
ited to two of twenty-seven mep and
others to sixteen men each.
On motion of Grand Marshal Costello
it was decided to request the invitation
committee- t,o extend an invitation to Gov
ernor Gape to review the parade, with
power to invite Governors of other States
or other dignitaries to assist him.
It was decided that the right of line of
the Native Sons* division be given t-j
Array and Xavy Parlor in view of the
fact that the members had served at the
front and that fealty and patriotism are
principles of the order.
Ernest C. Stock was by unanimous vote
elected an honorary member of the pa
rade committee.
To-moirow afternoon the sub-committee
on floats will inspect a number of designs
to be submitted.
Messr^. Vivian, Lewis and Stanyan were
appointed a committee to arrange for the
parade of the Native Sons of the Golden
West on the Fourth of July.
Sonoma County Is In line. The several
parlors of that county are enthusiastic in
the matter of the celebration and the
committee representing these are holding
meetings at Santa Rosa. C. O. Dunbar,
ex-grand marshal of the Grand Parlor,
was in this city yesterday hunting head
quarters for the combined parlors. They
will appear In the parade headed by a
band of thirty pieces. The uniform ue
lected Is white duck.
The following preamble and resolutions
were received at The Call office yester
day from the office of the grand secretary
of the Xatlve Daughters of the Golden
West: .
SAN FRANCISCO. June 23. 1300.
Whereas. The San Francisco Call devotes
weekly a. portion of Its columns to the publi
cation of news which by reason of Its Interest
and reliability Is most beneficial to the order
cf Native Daughters of the Golden West; be It
Resolved, That the Grand Parlor In recogni
tion of thin valuable service to our order, ten
der to Ernest C. Stock, the fraternal reporter
of the San Francisco Call, our sincere thanks
for his work in our behalf; be it also
•Resolved. That this resolution be printed In
our proceedings and that a copy of the same
be sent to John P. Epreckels. the proprietor of
The Call. MARY E. TILLMAN,
BELLE W. CONRAD.
CHICAGO. June 27.— The attraction at
Washington Park to-day was the meeting
between Advance Guard and Sam Phil
lips in a handicap at a mile and a six
teenth. It. was claimed the heavy track
beat both of these colts in the derby. To
day the track was fast and the youngsters
had a battle royal. Brulare made the pace
to the stretch, then Sam Phillips went to
the front and looked Uke a sure winner at
the eighth post, but Vlttitoe brought Ad
vance Guard up next to the rail and al
though Burns made th-3 hole just as small
as he dared Advance Guard squeezed
through and in a terrific drive won by a
head. The race appears to indicate that
the colts are about evenly matched up to
a mile and a sixteenth, but that Advance
Guard is the better at a further distance.
Kesults:
One mile and seventy yards— Bannockburn
won. Zoroaster second, Wolverton third. Time.
l:«5Ji.
Five furlongs — Jlminez won. The Brave sec
ond, Danger Line third. Time. 1:02%.
Handicap, one mile and a sixteenth— Advance
Guard won. Sam Phillips second, Brulare third.
Time, 1:47%.
Six furlongs, selling— Rlbaldo won, Teucer
second, Mldwood third. Time. 1:14^.
One mile— The Bobby won. Lake Mills second.
The Monk third. Time, 1:42 H.
Six furlongs — John A. Morris won. Pope Leo
second, Ononmastus third. Time, 1:1434.
NEW YORK, June 27.— The feature of the
days-r acing at Sheepshead Bay was the fourth
event, a handicap at one mile, in which Ad
miration was the favorite and carried the top
weight. Her 115 pounds was a great steadier,
and after a furlong had been run she took the
command, and running handily at the head of
the lot, won quite easily by a length In the fast
time of VJB 4-5. Results:
Six furlongs— Belle of Lexington won, Rich
ard J second, Hellobas third. Time, 1:13 l-s.
One mile — Mayor GUroy won. Water Cure sec
ond. Commander Miller third. Time. 1:41 2-5.
The Pansy, six furlongs, selling— Moor won,
Delmarch second, Maximum third. Time,
1:14 4-5. n,
One mile — Admiration won. Procession second.
Short course, steeplechase— Dr. Catlett won,
Dave S second. Old Tank third. Time, 4:43.
Mile and an eighth, selling— The Amazon won.
Post Haste second. Lindsla third. Time. 1:54 4-5.
CINCINNATI, June 27.— A1l the winners on
to-day's card at Newport were well played ex
cepting Duplicate, which won the third race at
15 to 1. The track was alow. Results:
Seven furlongs, selling— Flop won, Lillian
Reed second, \V. G. Welch third.- Time, 1:29%.
One mile, selling— Polly Btxby won, Zonnell
second, Dandy H third. Time, -1:41%.
Six and a - half furlongs, selling— Duplicate
won. Flora Daniels second. Refused third.
Time. l:2l%.
One mile, selling— Mirzoura won, Marion
Lynch second, Peter Duryea third. Time. 1:41H-
Five furlongs— Fairy Day won. Volma Clark
second, Claude Walton third. Time. 1:02}4.
- Six and a half furlongs— Northumberland
won, Juanetta second, Kilt third. Time. I:2OV*.
. ST. LOUIS, June 27.— Results at the Fair
Qrounda: ,
One mile and a sixteenth, selling:— Troubeam
won, Celeste dOr second. Joe Gammage third.
Time, 1:51.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling:—Muska
longe won, Tekla second, Terra Incognita third.
Time, 1:49»4.
Five furlongs— Wild Pirate won, Monos sec
ond, Censor third. Time. 1:03.
Handicap, six furlongs — Bummer won. Loving
Cup second. Grantor third. Time. 1:14*;.
Six furlongs— George Arnold won. Dr. Walms
ley second, Sklllman third. Time. 1:15 H.
Six nnd a half furlongs, selling— Applejack
won, Harrle Floyd second, Dewitt third. Time.
1:23%.
BUFFALO, June 27.— Looram ran another
good race at Fort Brie this afternoon, and after
it he was claimed by Frank Weir, who loet
Zanone to Ed Moore, Looram' s owner, recently.
Results: ,
Seven furlongs— Fessy F won, Jucoma sec
ond.- Simcoe third. Time. 1:29«4.
Four and : a half f urlongs — Frank Morrison
won. Antithesis second, Amros third. Time,
;D6 3-5. v ¦ •'; ¦-.••. '¦ ¦ ¦¦ . ' :..-. '.'• ¦
One mile— Oronatus won, Lamp Globe second,
Dangerous Maid third. Time, 1:41 Vi.
Seven f urlongrs — Rochester won. Basle second.
Allowance third. Time. • 1:29%/
Three-quarters of a mile— Looram won, Poor
lands second. Wine Press third. Time. 1:15%:
Seven furlongs — Deist won. George Lebar sec
ond. Baffled third. Time, 1:299 i.
Shields' Great Colt Wins by
a Head in a Hard
Drive.
Bannockburn Takes a Purse Event at
Washington Park, With Speedy
Xdttle Zoroaster Behind
Him.
GAME ADVANCE
GUARD OUTRUNS
SAM PHILLIPS
The Associated Theatrical Managers return
thanks to the following - firms . who kindly
donated and printed the programme. San
Francisco Call, for the beautiful half-tone de
sign: Town Talk Publishing Company, for
printing the programme: Bonestell & Co., A.
Zellerbach & Sons and H. S. Crocker Company
for cardboard used in same.
P. P. Malley. Olympia— Club-swinging expert.
Stage under direction of George E. Lask. Tiv
oli: Harry Orndorff. Orpheum; Herbert A.
Cripps, California Theater -
This programme subject to change. Positively
no encores allowed.
"Walter Jones, California Theater, courtesy
Dunne & Ryley— Celebrated imitations of Sousa,
assisted by a military band. ¦
I-Tdna Davenport. Olympia — Character dances.
The Wilson Family. Chutes — "The Colored
Aristocrats."
Mac Tunison. Olympia — Soprano.
Mary Marble.-, California Theater, courtesy
Dunne & Ryley—Character songs and dances.
Henry Miller. Columbia Theater, courtesy
Charles Frohman.
Mathews and Bulger, California Theater,
courtesy Dunne & Ryley— Specialties.
Ktta Butler, Ori'heum— Mimic.
Balcony scene from "Romeo and Juliet,"
special scenery from the Alcazar — Romeo,
White "Whlttlesey; Juliet, Florence Roberts.
Jaulus, Orpheum.
A 19C0 new-fashioned first part — Interlocutor,
Edwin Stevens, Tivoli; end men. Ferris Hart
man, Gilbert and Goldle and Harry C. Cash
man; vocal selections, quartet, Tlvoll; comic
song, Harry C. Cashman, Tivoli; tenor solo,
Tom Greene, Tlvoll; specialties, . Gilbert and
Goldie, Orpheum; barytone solo. Sydney Deane,
Orpheum; comic song, Ferris Hart man. Tlvoli;
ballad, Arthur Boyce, Tlvoll; specialties,
George M. and Josephine Cohan, Orpheum;
finale, medley company.
Part second — Olio (no Intermission), Little
Arnold Grazer and Hazel Callahan, America's
favorite child singers and dancers. /
Recitation. Henry Irvlng's "My Uncle,"
Lewis Morrison.
Money continues to flow into the
Sweeney fund, and the following- contri
butions were received yesterday:
San Francisco Commercial Travelers. 110;
Richard H. Guy, T2tO:»F. J. Martin, Fortuna.
Ariz.. $5; Metzger & Franklin, $25; a friend, $1;
two little girls from Mill Valley, oO cents; cash,
«; Dan Driscoll, $130; J. J. C. $2; cash. $1:
M J C. $1: James K. Looney, fl: M. C. C, 50
cents: B. E. C. SI; F. 8.. 50 cents: total $53 30.
Subscriptions received by Chief Sullivan yes
terday: A. A. Wlgmore, $10; Pacific Auxiliary
Fire Alarm Company, $25; McCormlck Bros.,
J5; Dr. T. IX Bodkin. J10: Reid Bros.. $10; C.
Hermann. S10: S. IX North. $1; P. Uegan, $3:
a friend. II; I>. McPhee. to; L. J. Dwyer. J2 50;
M. V. Brady, $5; J. J. Llnehan, ?2ofl; L. Caso.
2."> cents: M. Katz. 25 cents; M. Epstein, 25
cents: Michael Marks. 23 cents: Seventh ave
nue, between H and I streets. Jl; Twelfth ave
nue. 25 cents; cash. $1; Mr. lacchari, $5; Mr.
Michael, $S; Mr. Skyles. $1; Mr. Hottmere. 50
cents; Mrs. Baacks. 25 cents; H. %V. Melendy,
50 cents; Michael Both, 50 cents; J. Straesl<?r,
50 cents; cash. 25 cents; Butchers' Board of
Trade, $100; Spartan Lodge No. 36. $10; Jerome
Madden. $5; Myron E. Stanford, $5: Palace Ho
tel. $100: John Flournoy," 125: O. M. Jossolyn.
12": a friend. KO: a friend. $50; J. C. Wilson.
$25; J. Kruttschnitt. $10; M. Tierney, $:>0; Bill
Nye, 50 cents; J. W. McDonald. $20; previously
acknowledged. $312135; total, $3700 GO.
The receipts yesterday amounted .to
purchased tickets for the benefit without due
return. .. . „,.
Even If they are unable to witness the benefit
performance let them remember the good
cause In which they so nobly enlisted the.ir
cervices and the Great Chief of the universe
will remember their klndlv help. Yours
very respectfully. IX T. SULLIVAN*.
Chief San Francisco Fire Department.
Money Still Flowing In.
EVERYTHING Is now in readiness
for the Sweeney benefit entertain
ment at the Grand Opera-house
" ' to-morrow afternoon. The associ
ated managers have had their last meet-
Ing and passed in approval the complete
submitted prog-ramme. The curtain Is to
rise promptly at half-past 1 o'clock. On
eccount of the unusual length of the pro
gramme there will be no intermissions
and no encores will be allowed.
Chief Sullivan of the San Francisco
Fire Department has submitted the fol
lowing: letter for publication:
Fire Department Headquarters.
SAX FRANCISCO. Cal. June 27, 1900.
Editor The Call— Dear Sir: On behalf of
the San Francisco Fire Department I beg
to ask for the use of your valuable columns
to ask the Indulgence of the general public
of this city, -who have co nobly responded
In the matter of purchasing tickets for the
btnefit j>erformBnce to be given on Friday
afternoon at the Grand Opera-house for the
widow and orphans of our gallant comrade,
John Edward Sweeney, who lost his life in
th* dii>charre of his duty.
The Associated Theatrical Managers of
Fan Francisco nobly came to the front and
tf-ndered this benefit In the cause of those
left helpl^s and alone. But four thousand
tickets were issued by the managers, suf
ficient to cover the capacity of the Grand
Opera-house.
The men of my department, to the num
ber of five hundred or more, simply be-
Fieged me for tickets, not that they wished
to force them upon the public, but because
the public was clamorous for tickets to
help tbe *ood cause alone.
la l**ff«> than three days nearly eight thou
sand tickets were sold, with the result that
after the capacity of the reserved seats of
the Grand Opera-house had been exhausted,
when tickets were exchanged, the holders of
the balance of the tickets found that they
could not obtain reserved seats.
It Is this situation that prompts me, on
behalf of the Fire Department, to ask th«
Indulgence of the public.
We ask those who have bought tickets and
who have been unable to secure reserved
Feats to remember that there Is a sorrow-
Ing widow and four little children whose
wit existence deoends unon this fund.
READY TO RING UP CURTAIN
FOR SWEENEY ENTERTAINMENT
Chief Sullivan Explains the Fire De
partment's Overflow Ticket
Sale. 'I
Surely no one who has bought a ticket
and who will be unable to secure a reserved
Beat will feel achieved at this fact.
I know and every one in San Francisco
knows that even* person who purchased a
ticket did so with the one Idea, namely, to
help the pood cause, to honor the brave dead
and assist, the helpless.
The firemen of San Francisco therefore
ask the public not to feel that they have
$632 55. which makes the grand total up
till to-day $6641 85.
Programme for Entertainment.
The programme in full for to-morrow's
entertainment is as follows:
Introductory overture. "Fireman's March"
(Charles Schultz), combined orchestra, cour
tesy Musicians' Union, under direction or B.
TJHLJIi SAJN ¦JB-it^J3i uxbuvi .'. luiuij, THUKSDAr, . JUJS'K 28, 1900.
TWO PROMINENT PLAYEES WHO WILL ASSIST THE CATTSK
5
Until closing time Saturday
/^T\ njght take your choice of any
j£^ <^M? man's $15.00 suit in the
Sf$T!?V ijjfs-jl store — single or double breast-
\4 / \jfj cc * sacks, cutaway frocks or
aTZs< J\ jpAS^^. • xrincQ Alberts; newest
/^M^T)^ patterns and styles, &F5?
f\¥r A / X \ for *p**i
/ , IV / I Men's Pants at one~
I ; / . [ quarter oft regular
\"5 (L *"* L. t- . prices — These are from
\ ' V s jT our regular stock; the
I=^/^ 7 /lJ y^l = matching cbats and vests
/ vV^ LI iff} /l lil aye een SO^J worth regularly
\\ \\aM^ v / n. from $3 -°' ) to $6 -°° ; thi3 offer
U K\^i /J^ It / '\ P00(iP 00(i for Th ursda v> Friday and
II lM * * Saturday.
Boys' Long Pants Suits $4.9s— Worth £6.00
and $6. 50; sizes for boys 1^ to 19 fo
years; all-wool materals in neat, .^^ pA
dark patterns and blue cheviots; stylishly and fcifcs //
extra well made; round-cornered sack, coats — )kj>L/kl
this sale for Thursday, Friday and Saturday. $tffl /
Children's Vestee Suits (AC
$2.19— A special lot of about 100 NSr^ h^
suiisfor boys 3to 8 years, that would .c^ \^ *^^9
sell in the regu-ar way for $3.50; all-wool /^U-M^ r^ 1
fabrics; coat collars or the large eailor collar, ~=^
as desired; well trimmed, well made — this sale JL \^^
for Thursday, Friday and Saturday. <^gP^
Second Aisle — Right of Entrance.
La Rosa Esnano'a Cigars — 4 for 25c; to-day only
(Seidenberg & Co.'s famous cigars); not more than 50c worth to a
single customer.
Yale Mixture Tobacco— 2 boxes 15c; put up in tin boxes;
one of the choicest of smoking tobaccos; to-day only.
Cigar Department— Rotunda.
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE
Regular 50c Caps 34 »?•
Resular Sl.oo Caps 72 C
Fourth Aisle— Right of Entrance.
Boys' Wash Caps.
Mada of plain c,
/o%^^ \£& ~^jP§^ ' ancy crash, ant(
V^^^SS^lx of white dack;^
i^j' :$> pain and em-
broidered bands,
in aB3orteJ co!or3, to-day only :
Special Sale
Men's Furnishings.
Bargains' that will interest Campers
Picnickers and Fourth of July Excursion-
Nog ll goo Shirts vCS^ll^v
—black or fancy pat- £^>35^rf^p
terc3» light, medium BV^S^rst*
or dark co- -* o _ E^S^t^E
ore. today.. 39C K^kiStt
Balbriggan Un- mJlTTtrtT*
eSerwcar — Der- K^C^ ¦ . »?
by Ribbed, form-fit- EJ^ '^TZ
ting, light bine c j!o.-, t^y«ul4 Ll- y^-, —
shirts and drawers, Nr*^ |_y^y
to-day's very specal -i-»->y.
prica. each.. fe^^l^S
ScamSoss Es3ipSiS|2i
Socles — black or ¦« •*" j
browa Cotton; 100
dczen offered to-day at the ex- my t
tra special price, per pail*..' *2.G
Third Aisle— Right of Entrance.
— f
Special Sale
The good $3.50 quality,
v*~ "jT* black calf lace Shoes, new
oV modern toes and tips, Good-
/^^ °^ l«l «J r ar we!t » sin g le sewed
f^iv /7«&k pole?, will be on
yi^Vl <Sl special sale at
V^>>^ tha bi^ atore
$2.65
First Aisle— Right of Entrance.
$3.50 Shoes $2.65
Special Sale |
Embroideries i
To-day— 2ooo yard3of lCc. 12|e and '*
15c Cambric and Nainsook Embroider- "<g
ic3, Eigingß and Insertions, new and >c
pretty patterns, all at the oni- « -J
form price par yard' mG '^
Sales Tables— Main Aisle. 'n
« fill* KJgl**, »W?«S »MK*V>M V,VM «?!
;t*»*»w«ww«»y**
OCEAN TBAVEL.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
The company reserves the risht to Chan;*
steamers, salllnr dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT OFV! PE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Cm. Airents.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Ray. San Jose d*l
Cabo. Maz&tlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— lo- a. a.. 7th of caen
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
t. Steamers leave Broadway
W wharf, San Francisco:
I^Sfr M For A!a«kan ports— ll a. rr...
wafcSjiEfr^ June 25, 30, July a. L'hanßS :o
rjgy'**\J»^ v company's steamers at
fflk MdW3 Fc*r Victoria. Vancouver (C.
MnJSQ «1 C.>, Port Town3end. Seattle.
£st3o2«sffTHl Ti roma. Everett. Anacortes,
/•"¦QSEISBSI and New Whateom (Wash.) —
U> n a. m.. June 25, 30. July 5.
™ and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. R"y.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— lo a. m.. June
23, 27, July 2. and every filth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo*. Cavl.ir i,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Anyeles) and Newport—
i a. m.. June 24, 23, July 2. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port ITar-
ford (San Luis Ob!si>o). Santa Barbara. Pore
Los Angeles and* Redondo (Los Angeles)— tl a.
m., June 22, 26, 30, July 4, and every fourth day
thereafter.
NOME
C
p§\ Valencia
Leaves Seattle
AT NOME.
JULY 3.
FIRST-CLASS LIGHTERAGE! ¦• F.
30 California St., S. F.
313 Ist Aye. South, Seattle.
For. paaseccer and freight rates apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.,
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
Established over a third of a century; has a
national reputation, and was one of the few
schools selected to represent the development
of commercial education at. the Paris Exposi-
tion; over 17.000 graduates successfully apply-
ing their knowledge: 200 graduates annually
placed In positions; 25 teachers; open the entire
year; new EO-page catalogue free.
Hitchcock School,
SAN WAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Rooms, Gymnasium. Military Drill,
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS AUGUST 14TH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
AMERICAN LINE.
FJW YORK. 80UT3AMPT05. LO.^DOS. P1215.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul June »? New York July H
St. Lculs July4,'St. Paul JuljlS
RED STAr* LIN3L
NeW Yortt orjd Antwsn.
,Frem New York every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Westernland ...June 271 Noorn.'and July 11
Kensington July *' Friesland July 14
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery street.
EMPIRE LINE,
S. S "OHIO." from Seattle *o Nome and St.
Michael. May 24th. Subsequent sailings froTtt
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June 30. July 31, August 3a For ratta
and other Information Rrplv f>
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
30 Montgomery street.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wnart at 11 a.
CAQC $ 12 F |rsC Class Including BsrVi
IAnC $8 Second Class and Meal*
STATE OP CALIFORNIA sails
July !. 12. 22. Aug. t
COLUMBIA sails July 7. IT, J7, Augr. «
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, liutte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to »11 points East.
E. C WARD. G^nerar Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
ST. MATTHEWS' "fflft.
BAN MATEO, CAL. For catalogue and Illus-
trated circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. 8.. Rector.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
802 Montgomery st.. San Francisco, Cal.
Lessons personally and by mall. Acknowledged
by official reporters "best teachers, best system. '
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
Formerly University Academy, Alameda. has
been removed to Irvlncton. » Site of fifteen
acres; remarkably beautiful; N climate unsur-
passed. Inspection of buildings and grounds in-
vlted. "VV. W. ANDERSON, Principal.
lUivOlTlvO i-Il iJL LUXOR ...eaoOTonij
. . SEHAPI3 .4000 Tonal
Jlont UI7 sailing far Valparaiso and Hamburg ;
vlaAfsxic&a poru. Central. South America* etc t
S.S. Serapls. 4000 tons, sails about July 3. . ¦
J. D. SPRrCKBLS » MtOS. CX>~ ««»nt». 114 n<mt^nrtTJ%ti
«y r n«T— »r>lrh<O'<'», IK7 B«rfc»t Sl..S»i» Tnw hep !
/39 POST ST.
and all YUKON RIVER POINTS.
For Passenger and Freight Ratei Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO..
ABOUT JULY sth.
Connections at ST. MICHAEL for DAWSON
1600 tons register.
S. S. NOME CITY,
•WILL. DISPATCIf FOR
NOME DIRECT
The elegant, fast, Al Dew passenger steamer,
TflE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
OCEANIC S.S. CO.-HONOLULU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia... "Wed.. July 11, 8 p. n.
S S. AUSTRALIA fHnnolulu only)
Wednesday. July 23. 2 p. m.
I. D. SPRECXELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. cl 4 Montgoßeri
Pier 7. Foot Pacific Si. Freight Ofitco.32? Market St.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
ifeNome
DIRECT.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SBIST-A-TOr?.
Will sail from Seattle and Tacotna on or about
July 8, August 6, September 6. The SENATOR,
sailing August 6, will make an Excursion Trip
via the Inland Passage, and after landing at
Nome will continue north through the Bering
Straits, past East Cape on the Siberian coast,
crossing the Arctic Circle, passing Into the Arc-
tic Ocean. Passengers are advised to Inspect the
Senator before purchasing tickets via other
steamers, as her second-class and steerage ac-
commodations are superior to the first-class
accommodations on most of the steamers ad-
vertised for Nome. The Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co. has been running its steamers to
Alaska— winter and summer— for 25 years and
Is the Pioneer Pacific Coast Line. For further
information lnnuire of H. H. LLOYD. Ocean
Dock. Seattle. Wash.: N. POSTON. 243 Wash-
ington st.. Portland. Or.; W. PARRIS. 124 West
Second nt., Los Angeles, Cal.; GOODALL.
PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts.. 10 Market st
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery st.. San
Francisco.
NAVIGATION SCHOOL
Eat. 1577. Men and women taught In one
month the science of navigating a vessel around
the world. Privately If desired. Marine engi-
neers prepared for license. CAPT. YON
SCHOEN, M. E.. etc., principal. 42 Market st.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR 0. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJd
Steamer "Montleello.*"
MON.. Tuet.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:15
a. m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. t
p. m. Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
. FARE 60c.
Weekly Call, §1 per Year
D 2. HALL'S REINYIGORATORjZrTggS
Five hur.vlred rewan! for any
ease we cannot cur*. This secret U£3 BflO
remedy stops all losses In 2i | '£
hours. cur»» Emissions. Irapo- |F3H VBG
tency. Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea. frS W f
Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost iV> *I
Manhood and all wastin>; eftects gj^S__^Si
of d»lf-abi:*e or excesses. Sent dStsxsSSi
sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles. So; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN*
BTITUTE, &3 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Aljo
for tale at 1072% Market St.. S. F. All prlvata
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT KliiXCr-AXIVK. X-NViCiOit*.
tcr and Nervine.
Tfce moat wonderful iphrotilslao and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Orsaoa for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases at ihs ICU.
D*y* and Bladder. Bells on Its own merit*.
NABER. ALF3 * BKUN'E. Agents.
ta Market «t. 8. F.— (Send fur Circular.)
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON), CHERBOURG
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
(PARIS) AND HAMBJRO.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LlNE.37B*dw'y, N. T.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved If secured before departure.
HERZOO £ CO., Gen. Agti. for Pacific Coast,
401 California at., corner Sansome, S. F.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for young ladles, 2128
California St.. will reopen August 6, 1300. Ac-
credited to the Universities; primary department
for children; carriage will call. REV. ED-
WARD B. CHURCH. / A.' M.. PrindDal:
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME
San Francisco. California.
STUDIKSfc-vVILL BE RESUMED MONDAY.
August T, 1900. Dolores st., near Sixteenth.
POLYTECHNIC gg£l£ci s
Great Business Training and Shorthand School.
Has the largest and best equipped depts. In the
West. 300 youns men and women wanted. Every
graduate employed. Free catalog. Oakland. Cal.
& "i (liTMiiilOlrTir iMiii-H
2 §1 Natural Mineral Water
? [''^X known for centuries and
"O tA*£a Imported
? Jg3* oNLY IN bottles -
¦X frp^ff^ *" cr Disordered Snatch
? rvif^v^ tni Indigestion
O «l;i£lii£its value has been ttstl-
? rs£2giir£s£3 tle4 to toy thousands.
? - VICKVI ' So-called Vichy in Sy-
? Ii&FZ&M IS NOT VICHY.
? F^l^rt ' Get the Genuine.
JeSS^^ Tour physician
jafWj*fj^pjSl will recommend It.
t A. TIGNirB, DiitriimtlEg 4g*nt
S.F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
IQQfi MARKET ST.— Actual business book-
I keeping; only expert accountants
and reporters as teachers. Gregg shorthand,
the easiest. ¦ fastest and most readable. Day
and evening:.
COMPAONIE GENERAL? TRANSATLANTIQOE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^^
Sailing every Thursday instead ot <Z~Jrrr*
Saturday, from November 2. 1599. at •~ m >*9&£i*
10 a. m., from Pier C- North Rtver, foot of
Morton st. L'AQUITAINE. June JS; LA
TOURAINE. July 6: LA LORRAINE. July 12:
LA BRETAGNE. July 19. First class to Havre.
$82 50 upward. Second clasa to Havre. Jis and
upward: 6 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson Build-
ing). New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paelflo
Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Fran-
Clsco.
SAN JOSE. CALIFORNIA.
WILIi RESUME STUDIES ON TUESDAY.
August 7. 1900.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
MILLS COLLECE AND SEMINARY
GRANTS DirLOMAS AND CONKERS DE-
grees; seminary course accredited to the
Universities; rare opportunities offered In music,
art and elocution. Write for catalogue to MR9
C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills Collegre P. 0.. Call
Thirty fifth year: fall term opens Au». 8, 1900.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
C 5 ncr First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hcngkong with cteamers for In-
dia, eta. No cargo received on board on day
cf salllns.
SS. NIPPON MARU Tuesday. July 10, 1300
BS. AMERICA MARU ,
Friday. August I. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. Anarust 29
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
421 Market street, corner First.
XV. H. AVERT. 'General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISfIA.
% Special Sale
g Pearl Buttons.
jf 1200 Cards White Pearl Button* pure in
» color, perfect in every wav; 16, 18, 20,
jf 22 and 24 lines — to-day all sizss
t£ at the one uniform price —
J* Card of 2 dozen 8c
1£ Bargain Tables— Main Aisle.
Bay Your
Fireworks
At iho Emporium's Sparta!
Fireworks Denartmont f
924 and 926 Market
Street, under the Baldwin Annex,
opposite the b:g store. Everything
needed to properly celebrate the na-
tion's birthday, from torpedoes at 5c
per box and flags 2c dozen to 390-piece
Assortments for elaborate H:me Dia-
plavs.
*5" Remember that the place where
American-made Fireworks can be
bought at lowest prices 13
Under Baldwin Annex,
Across tbe Street from
the Big Store.
Send or ask for Fire-
works Price Lists.
Special Sale \
Handkerchief Sm
£ Three splendid of- .^
ft? ferings for 1o- /•CX.
J» tt sm y* Some ss^\?\.
j» • halt price; // NX
X? some less than Z^-/ NjS.
•£ half price. ; \\^ $/// Sy
\ 100 dozen Ladies' \§S f//
*" Handkerchiefs, jg%^jtfMsS.
£ extra qua li t y $m^ygy&fo
$ White Lawn, N WvM^
jtf , fancy tape bor-
der.hemstitched, yy^j©^s?\
5 good 10c Hand- yx'\^^^*VV
tf kerchiefs, - <V' # §, V \
«r for 5C ?ssm , 'Ik, J/
*f 80 dozpn Extra \^ 'lljfy
S Sheer Fancy Re- \-n sy •-
jf vere Wh : te Hem- \/
«f" stitched Hand-
S kerchiefs, regularly 2oc — tO m mm^
«f c/ay BIG
If 150 dozen Ladies' All-Linen Unlaundered
* Handkerchiefs, with hand-embroidered
t( initials, 12* c values — to~ g%
S day 9G
Sales Tables— Main Aisle.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPCriTJM.
Gtothing at Cut Prices*
FOR
lilt 111 m --iJtc=:Bo.-A newspaper editor is on trial in Leipsic for par
ticipation in a conspiracy to restore the kingdom of
Poland. He ought 10 plead insanity.
REPUBLICAN ENROLLMENTS.
IHJ ROM reports that have been received from the
various Assembly districts in the city it is evi
dent the enrollment of members of Republican
clubs will be very large. That in itself is an encourag
ing sign. It shows that the rank and file of the p*arty
are taking an active interest in political affairs at this
early stage of the campaign and gives promise of an
organization that will do effective work in the contest
for prosperity. .
The most satisfactory feature of the situation thus
far is the activity which jhas been displayed by^ the
business men and the workingmen of the party in the
formation of the clubs. ;. Quite a number of influential
men have made something like an elaborate canvass
to rouse the better element of the party into activity!
Such efforts are in the highest degree commendable!
The bosses and the would-bft bosses will be -sure to
enroll all the multitude of hoafers and bums they can
get admitted to the rolls and will make use of every
resource at their command to capture as many of
the clubs as they can. The only ; way to guard against
them is by enrolling such a force of decent Republi
cans in every district as will secure for the better ele
ment the control of the club machinery. To achieve
that is now the duty of all loyal Republicans.
It is to be borne in mind that the bosses and their
gangs will^not make a fight if they, see that the better
class, of Republicans are to be arrayed against them
with a : determination to win. Ample experience has
convinced the professional politician and job-hunter
that when, the rank" and file of the party is aroused the
best thing for them to do is to keep ¦quiet. A' big en
rollment in every district will therefore mean not only
victory, but an easy victory. For the rest of the week
the enrollment's to go on and the canvass for mem
bers among the business men . and* the . working-men
should be kept up with vigor until the end.
INCREASE OF CANCER.
The Cell does not hold itself responsible for
the opinions published in this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of general interest-
Editor The Call: Your editorial article
in The Call of June 23 on "Increase of
Cancer" is timely and is very creditable
to your Journal.
The causes of cancer should also be
dwelt upon In your valuable paper. They
are in the majority of cases plainly and
simply the jcurse -of "grafting in" dis
eases through vaccination.
You must note the remarkable coinci
dence that those nations named by you as
immune from cancer are the very ones
•which are free from vaccination. Com
pulsoryl vaccination canfcot be enforced
in those countries, and hence- the "In
crease of cancer among civilized peoples"
upholding. compulsory vaccination is per
fectly natural and not at all "strangp "
A necessary consequence of this inocul
ation of the various kinds of virus -nto
the human system is the promotion of
virulent diseases. , such ¦ as cancer
phthisis, diphtheria, leprosy, etc., all of
which are more destructive than small
pox. Thus, while "civilization may breed
more diseases than barbarism." and while
it has the "advantage of knowing better "
It does not profit by that .knowledge • for
through vaccination it promulgates by
grafting into instead of eradicating and
driving out diseases from the human sys
tem. I). ALBERT HILLER, M.D.
San Francisco, June 27, 1900.
The San Jose Council has decided that the streets
of the Garden City must remain in darkness every
night after midnight. The Council must be striving
to increase the census by an addition of a few muni
cipal footpads. . , .
BLACK CLOTH COSTUME.
The costume represented is of black
summer cloth. The short bolero Is edged
with blue and gold braid. The waistcoat
is of pastel blue pique, double breasted,
and is visible from behind, fastened with
a silver strap. The skirt is finished off
with a shaped flounce and Is in flat pleats.
THE BOERS AS GUERRILLAS.
WHEN Pretoria was captured the British had
bright expectations of a speedy end of the
war; but Botha avoided a combat. He was not
going to be caught in^ trap like Cronje. Despite all
that Roberts could do the wily Boers kept at a safe
distance from his main force, but operated with such
vigor on his flanks and rear that the Field Marshal
was compelled to report a good many "unfortunate
occurrences" in which detachments of his troops were
beaten and a considerable number of prisoners taken.
Then Buller made his way through the mountain
passes and got into touch with Roberts. Straight
way there, was spread out what the British dispatches
called "a wide-flung net"' to capture Botha, but that
in turn has failed. Late reports are to the effect' that
Botha has divided his force into small commandos
and that some have slipped out of the net, some have
forced their way out, and others are hacking the net
to pieces here and there.
In this condition of affairs the British are getting
a good deal of practice in a kind of war that may be
useful to them. That, at any rate, is the view the
London Chronicle takes of the situation, for in a
recent editorial on the subject it said: ''All these
alarums and excursions in the Orange River Colony
show that the Boer Intelligence Department has not
lost its old superiority; but we still cherish the .hope
that" by dint of training Lord Roberts' subordinates
will acquire the art of not being taken unawares. Jf
the war were to drag on for several years they might
even become clever enough to surprise a Boer com
mando."
It is regarded as an axiom of war that guerrilla
tactics can never win against a well organized army.
It is impossible for small bands of men lacking heavy
artillery to capture forts or important posts. All
they can do is to make trouble; and, unfortunately for
the Boers, they can hardly make as much trouble for
the British as for themselves. If their country were
populated wholly by people of their own race they
might hope to wear put the invading force, but the
larger part of the population is made up of blacks,
arid if a long continued guerrilla war should produce
a widespread lawlessness in the country the Boer
families far removed from the towns would be likely
to suffer heavily from depredations of wandering
bands of robbers. In the end, therefore, unless some
thing utterly unforeseen happens, Botha's < forces
must -surrender, and all that he can hope.for.in-.con
tinuing the struggle is to make terms that will "save
something to his countrymen when the final surren
der comes.
In the meantime if the British officers learn. enough
from the contest to be able to keep out of traps and
to surprise a Boer commando, as the Chronicle sug
gests, they may derive something of benefit from the
The friends of Supervisor Tobin, who will be the
acting chief executive of the city in the absence of
Mayor Phelan, should urge him to insist that he be
given his Honor's celebrated silk tile during his tem
porary reign. It would be a touching spectacle for
his Honor, as he leaves the city, to present the hat
and the equally celebrated flag to the distinguished
Tobin.
The advance sale of seats for the sec
ond week of the Henry Miller engagement
at the Columbia Theater will begin this
morning. The play to be produced Is R.
C. Carton's Lyceum Theater success "The
Tree of Knowledge," and It will be In
terpreted by the most-important cast ever
given a production in this country/ The
great strength of the same may be at
once"seen in a glance at the cast, which
will be as follows:
Sir Mostyn Holllngworth, Charles Wal
cot; Brian Holllngworth, his son. Henry
Miller; Nigil Stanyon. E. J. Morgan;
Loftus Roupelle, Frank Worthing; Major
Biencoe. E. Y. Backus; Sweadle, John
FJndlay; Royds, Sir Mostyn's butler.
George S. Christie; MrS. Stanyon, Nigil's
mother, Mrs. Thomas Whlften; Monica
Blayne, her adopted daughter, Margaret
Anglln; Deborah Sweadle, Sweadle'3
daughter, Lillian Thurgate; Belle, Sadie
Martlnot.
"The Tree of Knowledge" will be pro
duced for six nights and Wednesday and
Saturday matinees, beginning next Mon
day.
The revival of the Japanese gem, "The
Geisha," at the Tivoli Opera-house is
proving a most popular one. "Wang" will
follow "The Geisha," and the grand opera
season is announced to begin on July 30.
Hoyfs "A Milk White Flag" Is in its
second, week at the . California Theater,
and "A Night Off," Hoyt's latest comedy,
will be presented next week.
! "Sapho" is in its fourth week at the
Alcazar. Next Monday "Carmen" will be
the bill, with Florence Roberts In the title
role,, supported by White Whittlesey.
The Grand Opera-house opens the new
season next Monday with "The Children
of the Ghetto," presented by the new
Frawley Company.
At Fischer's Concert-house the Lam
bardi Opera Quartet is in the last week
of its engagement &an Francisco jwill be
•prry to lose these artists who have done
&o much and so good work in music dur
ing the past season. The quartet will
appear in scenes from "The Huguenots"
and in solos this week.
The'Orpheum has an excellent bill this
week. The four Cohans,' Sydney Deane
the Todd family of acrobats, Gilbert ana
Goldie and Holland and Galpin are among
the attractions.
The McDonald brothers,, comedians.
Belle Wilton, the Wilson family, Deeta
and Don and others provide a novel and
entertaining bill at the Chutes this week.
The Olympia bill for this week is good
from, start to finish. Salvini made a hit
last night, and all the rest was, excellent.
MIDWEEK-NOTES
OF THE THEATERS
THEY CONFERRED
COLONEL BRYAN has been giving himself a
vocal vacation. Incidentally he has sojourned
at a resort in Wisconsin. His rest being over,
he descended again to the haunts of men and called
W. R. Hearst into conference to find out how the
public pulse beats and what he must do to be saved.
The conference is represented to have been long, and
as long conferences are anxious always, this one must
have been no exception. Whether it invoked the
nomination of Mr. Hearst to the Vice Presidency, and
the price he was willing to pay therefor, in competi
tion with the other millionaire candidates who think
of bidding, or the amount he was willing to give for
the use of the party for advertising purposes, is- not
Imitating the example of the Sacramento conven- 1
tion. it is probable that the party will sell the adver
tising privilege to Mr. Hearst. It has come to this
complexion at last, tinder the leadership of Bryan,
that the Democratic party is rented for advertising
purposes, like the flap of a circus tent or the drop
curtain of a vaudeville theater.
Colonel Bryan is something of an advertiser him
self, and has used the party in his business to such
profitable purpose that he leads the list of taxpayers
on moneys, credits and personalty in the town of
Lincoln. As he has monopolized this privilege he is
in a position to make Mr. Hearst come down liberally
for a division of it. As for the poor old drop cur
tain, it has nothing to say. We insist, however, that
it is a contemptible thing to do to a poor old party
that has seen better days. It is like making Grant's
warhorse pull a scavenger's cart, or compelling
Dewey to sell shoestrings and suspenders. It is evi
dent that the conference was to consider this partition
of the season's privileges, for the two Billies surely
could not have met to arrange a sorfV)f college yell
for the party in the campaign, since Mr. Hearst has
been yelling "Kail up the flag!" and Oratoricalbilly
has yelled "Pull the flag down!"
The campaign yell they would arrange out of their
past records and utterances would have to run this
Nail. nail, nail.
Nail the flap to the Philippines.
Damn, damn, damn, |
Damn the constitution.
Pull. pull, pull.
Pull down the flag.
Rah for the constitution.
That they get together at all "to confer" is evi
dence of the straits of the part}' or that it has lost
not only the confidence of the country but its own
self-respect. The pretense that two such men have
the decision of the destinies of a party is one proof
that its character and brains are on vacation.
THE EXPECTED IN CHINA.
THE present situation in China destroys one illu
sion about those people. The ignorant in other
nations have assumed that the Chinese were in
capable of resisting any attack or resenting any in
sult offered to their national ' spirit. \ This idea was
greatly nourished by the Chino-Japan war. In that
brief struggle a nation of forty millions seemed to
have easily overcome one. of four hundred millions.
The tendency of the Western nations to help them
selves in China t was greatly promoted by that result.
Germany and Russia hurried in with carvers in hand,
and the others followed. Even Spain, the, victim of
her old lust for ownershipof the earth, indicated her
desire for a piece of the meat. Men who had made
a study of the Chinese character did not entertain the
idea of the passiveness or cowardice of the people
which was held by the bullying nations. Such men
expected what has happened.
The Chinese have proved to be like other people.
They are attached to their own institutions, love their
own ways, prefer their own form of the religious
idea, and, the population being dense, object to being
further crowded by an invasion of foreigners. When
they show these characteristics, common to all hu
manity, the world jumps on them as if they were ab
normal, degenerate and without any rights deserving
of respect. Other nations have rushed troops in; and
we must needs join the invasion- Already the Ameri
can jingo is jingoing and asserts that as we are a
world power we must spill the blood of American
soldiers and spend the substance of American tax
payers, because China has done to foreigners on her
soil exactly what we do to Chinese here.
This joining the invaders is a proceeding that needs
close watching. American jingo politicians are pro
fuse in their professions that' it is for the purpose of
protecting American missionaries, and preserving
the open door in China for the sake of trade.
We do not say that this is reprehensible. Unfortu
nately the missionary, instead of bearing good tidings
of great joy, peace on earth and good will toward
men, has become the forerunner of bad tidings, of
aggression, war on earth and ill will toward men.
Their conduct in China has been that of men
bound on a political rather than a spiritual mission.
Senator Lodge sounds the call to arms against Rus
sia, and casts a cloud oi suspicion upon her motives
in China. Independent men all over the world 'will
respect Russia for one .thing. She has not sent her
missionaries ahead under pretense of saving the souls
of the people to stir up strife, provoke violence and
use their own acts as a pretext for calling on their
Government. Russia has entered Korea and Man
churia not pretending that she is thers for anything
but political purposes. She is seeking in 'Asia' what
the jealous nations have denied to her in Europe, an
unfrozen seaport as a basis for her commerce and her
navy. Southern Europe united in opposing and de
feating Bonaparte and destroying his. empire, and
ever since has been attempting to carry out his policy
toward : Russia, which was to hem her in and prevent
her use of a navy by keeping her confined to waters
that are frozen for many months in the year.
Senator Lodge chooses to utter the cry of that
Europe against Russia, and to see the need of our
armed and bristling presence in China to aid in
thwarting the Muscovite. But let us watch our
selves. We have seen, in the case of the Spanish
war, how an apparently simple action, undertaken for
a definite purpose and right in itself, drifts into a
maze of complications, until, the cry of duty, destiny
and divine Providence being raised, we plunge head
long upon a course of which no man can see the end,
and in which but few see any benefit.
We are in China now to protect American interests.
Let us beware that we do not repeat the willful acts
done in Samoa, when we went around shelling palm
roofed villages in the wake of a British admiral who
began the sport because he said "it was so d -d
dull."
• Perhaps life on a far naval station may get dull,
but our people do not desire to pay the cost of war
and causeless aggression just to cure naval officers of
ennui. .
Another invasion of our rights is being planned by
the Board of Education. .This enterprising body has
expressed an intention to create organized agencies
for the spread of 'dyspepsia by establishing cooking
classes for thegirl pupils in the schools." ;\ .
THURSDAY .........JUNE 28. 1000
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
.dress Atl Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
BLICATIOS OFFICE.. Market nn« Third, S. F.
Tflrpln.no PreM 201.
R00M5.... 21T to 221 Stevcu«on St.
Telephone Freii 202.
.' DfllTcrrd lit Carrier*. 15 C«t» Per Week.
Slncle Copies, 5 Cent*.
Term* by Mall, lncludinc Poitaaet
DAII/r CALL. Oncludinc Sunday), one yaar U-W
PAILT CALL, (lncludlr.p Sunday). « month* ~ S-M
PAIL.T CALL. (Including: Sunday). » month* 1-w
PAILT CALL— By Sincle Month '•",«
CUICDAT CALL One Tear J-{*|
WEEKLT CALX. One Tear 1 - 00
?11 poitmftsters are authorised to receive
unbtcrfptlona.
Sample ecp!es will be forwtrdod when requarted.
Hall «üb«=riber« la ordering cnanire of address should be
particular to gl-^c both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order j
to Insure a prompt and «>rr*et comrHance with their request.
OAULAXO OFFICE 111S Broad wa*
C GEORGE KROGNESS,
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building. Chicago.
(Xjobc Distance Telephone "Central S»lV>
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebcrxcaa House: P.' O. Xevrs Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Hcose: Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Walflorf-Artorta Hotel; A. Brentano. a Union Square;
Mnrrajr Hia HoteL
WASHINGTON (0. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hole.
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BR A VCH OFFICES— C! 7 Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
cniil I: JO o'clock. SCO Hayee, open until J:3O o'clock. 631
I: i A llister. open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
S:JO o'clock. 3941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
ontll S o'clock. 308 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW cor
ner TweDty-s*eond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
THE QUIGG CONTROVERSY.
GENERAL GROSVENOR has begun a rather
" unseemly, controversy with Mr. Quigg of
New York in regard to alleged changes made
in the Republican platform between the time it left
the committee and'- was reported to the convention.
The first alleged change was in the plank referring to
the Philippines. It would appear that Grosvenor
sawed out this plank all by himself, and had fashioned
it to fit some of the speeches he had made in Con
gress. It was declaratory of the power of Congress
over the territory that has fallen to us as a temporary
affliction or an evil legacy from the. Spanish, war.
The General says that this was all promised a place
in the platform. But in the judgment of the com
mittee it was an essay, long drawn out and going far
beyond the statement of a fundamental principle into
argument and illustration. It resembled one of the
old-fashioned half-page editorials that Sam Medary
used to write in his Columbus newspaper when
Grosvenor was a boy; and which were read in sec
tions by the Buckeye patrons of Sam's intellectual
grist mill. The'-committee, aware that the subject
treated in this essay on government is now before the
Supreme Court, which may reach a decision in Oc
tober, did not care to pronounce a political judg
ment on a matter that is undergoing judicial exami
nation. The reason for this' abstention should be ap
parent to General Grosvenor. If the court agreed
with such platform declaration it would be accused oi
submitting to partisan influence and of warping its
judgment to suit partisan interests. If it decided ad
versely to General Grosvenor's essay, the party would
be left the lurch with a dead issue on its hands and
a "doted" plank in its platform. So, although Mr.
Quigg has shown conclusively that there was no
change made in the platform after it left the commit
tee, and that Grosvenor's essay was canceled by the
full body, even if it had been otherwise and Quigg
had amended it out he would be entitled to the grati
tude of the party.
It is highly probable that the constitutional theory
set forth in the rejected/plank is true. If it is, the.in
sertion of an essay on the subject would not make it
any more true, and rt false all the fine writing of
which General Grosvenor is capable could not make
it true. Therefore the country will highly appreciate
General Grosvenor's subsidence, silence- and future
quiet on this subject.
When he opened controversy about the platform he
seems to have unlocked the accusative ability of
others and turned it all loose on poor Quigg. The
canal plank refers to the construction of an "isthmian
canal." As that work has commonly been referred to
as the Nicaragua canal a Chicago newspaper smelled
a rat in the word "isthmian." and as Quigg was al
ready pilloried by Grosvenor as a professional and
expert rearranger of the ground plan, front elevation
and architectural style of platforms, he was charged
with changing the canal. Quigg proved to be the
worm that turns, and he turned with a libel suit in his
fist and smote that newspaper therewith, from per
fecting press to sheep's foot. . ¦ :
Upon examination there appears no more reason
for calling the canal Nicaragua than Costa Rica, for
it traverses both countries. Again, a commission or
dered by Congress is making an examination of all
routes for an isthmian canal, and if it should find a
better and cheaper one to construct, why gash the
faces of Nicaragua and Costa Rica at all?
Finally, another gentleman declares that he induced
the change from Nicaragua to isthmian, and that
Quigg had nothing to do with it. Let us hope that
this ends the episode on which Mr, Quigg rose to
the eminence of a national issue as a proof-reader of
the platform who changed it to suit his own ideas.
In its important pails the document is of such ex
cellence that if General Grosvenor and the Chicago
newspaper can prove that he wrote it all his future
career is assured, for wherever a platform has to be
made there will be calls for Quigg.
peaceable, if not loyal.
course Botha is pursuing. Should they be wise,
however, the British will bring the war to, a speedy
conclusion by granting the most liberal terms to the
Boers. Since it has been determined to. annex the
country 'to the empire, the course of common sense
statesmanship will be that of doing all that can be
done 'to conciliate the inhabitants and render them
Spring Valley Evening and
Le Conte Primary
Abolished.
Appropriations for Purchasing Sup
plementary and "Indigent" JJooks.
Protest Against Abandon-;
ing Ninth Grade.
"There are 2000 children in the district
In which the L© Conte is located who do
not attend school." said Mr. Webster,
"and 1 deem its maintenance imperative."
Chairman Mark explained tnat other
schools would take care of any pupils
that could not be accommodated in the
schools in the vicinity.
Webster believes tnat the abolishment
of the Le Conte has been accomplished in
order to help out the model scnool con
nected with the State Normal School, of
which L>r. Burk is president. Three hun
dred and fifty pupils will be forced to
other schools in the vicinity of Powell and
Washington streets.
The salary of the principals of primary
schools between six and thirteen classes
was tixed at $125 per month, and of princi
pals of primary, schools between four
teen and fifteen classes at $135 pec^month,
to take effect July 1.
Thi3 reduces the pay of principals of
twelve or thirteen classes irom $135 to
$125. W. W. Stone of the Burnett and C.
M. Johnston of the Pairmount School ¦will
be cut from $150 to $125 each.
.The. sum of $2000 was set aside out of
the revenue of the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1900, for the purpose of purchas
ing supplementary books. The Superin
tendent, in accordance with the provisions
of the charter, was authorized to recom
mend a list of supplementary books and
report the same at the meeting of tho
board J"uly 5, 1900. The sum of J2OOO was
set aside out of the revenue of the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1900, for the purpose
of purchasing books for indigents*
The Directors took a slap at the" Board
of Examiners, who are questioning the
right of certain, special pedagogues to
teach under credentials not recognized
by the State, by restoring the salary of
Miss K. Ball, special teacher of drawing,
to $125 per month.
The following communication from the
San Francisco Ladies' Educational Soci
ety regarding the abolishing of the ninth
grade was taken under advisement:
Through the press it has come to us that you
intend abolishing the ninth year grammar
grade. This is very discouraging news to us
and 'will result In depriving the maximum of
our boys ar»a srfrls of a year's education. The
great majority aim at completing the grammar
course while only a small minority enter the
high schools. This cutting short the grammar
course one year is simply giving preference to
the wealthy class, as they can continue in the
high school. Hence this action will tend very
decidedly to lower the standard of our work
ing class and we will be taking a step backward
in this progressive age:
The salary of H. Armer, messenger and
janitor of the Board of Education, was
fixed at $S5 per month from July 1, 1900.
The funds of the School Department not
warranting the setting aside of three
flfths of the absence money to be placed
to the credit of the annuity and retire
ment fund, it was resolved that only one
fifth of It be thus used.
Owing to charges of incompetency hay-
Superintendent Webster considered the
abolishing of the Le Conte. benool as ill
advised.
¦Le Conte— Mrs. A. Griffith, principal; Miss E.
Chase. Mrs. C. C. Newhall, Miss M. O. Steb
bins. Miss F. Van der Bergh, Alias E>. A. "Web
ster and Miss A. Wolfe.
Spring Valley Evening— G. H. Foulds, H. M.
Grace. .'¦"¦'.
The Board of Education yesterday
adopted resolutions abolishing the Le
Conte Primary School and the Spring
Valley Evening School, to take effect
July 30, IJOO. The resolutions recite that
"the changing of centers of population
has depleted the attendance of tnese
schools and the children can be accommo
dated in other schools without any in
convenience. The principals and teachers
of the two schools were. placed on the
substitute list, . subject to assignment as
follows: -
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
CHANCE FOR YOUNG
MEN TO ENTER ARMY
Senator Perkins Will Choose Two
Candidates for Admission to
West Point. ''¦£¦?; "
" Senator Perkkis has the appointment of
two cadets to the military academy at
West Point this summer through the
courtesy of the ' President, who was au
thorized by Congress at Its last session to
appoint, in addition to the one cadet from
each Congressional district, two at large
from each State and thirty from the
whole United States.
Senator Perkins prefers that the can
didates be chosen in a competitive exam
ination, to be held at Berkeley on July h,
at 9 a. m. Professor Frank Soule, John
R.* Glascock and Dr. P. L. Wheeler have
consented to act as the examining board.
Any young man who is a resident of Cal
ifornia, between the ages of 17 and 22
years, is eligible to try for the appoint
ment provided he have the necessary phy
sical and mental qualifications. The name 3
of the successful candidates must be for
warded to the President by July 10, and
they themselves must report to the acad
emy at West Point not later than July
25, 1900.
The report of W. H. Tobin' regarding
the unsanitary condition of the Burnett
Primary School was read and action
thereon (will be taken during" vacation.
The Committee on Education of the
Board of Supervisors requested the Board
to attend a. meeting to-morrow afternoon
at i o'clock for the p«rpose of holding a
conference relative to the management of
the oublic schools. The invitation was
accepted.
The salary demands of teachers, janitor?
and other employes of the department
were passed. They will be ready for dis
tribution in* the Auditor's office on July 5.
ing been preferred by the principal, A. J.
Doyle, janitor of Washington Grammar
School, was dismissed from the depart
ment. F. G. Duanet was transferred from
Lincoln Grammar School to the janitor
ship of Washington Grammar School:
Joseph Gannoa-was assigned to the jan-
Itorship of Lincoln Grammar School and
Thomas Ryan to the janitorship of Mis
sion High School, vice C. A. Bennett, re
moved. . ¦ ' . ,
The report of tho truant officers showed
that the number of cases of irregulars
and truants attended to during the last
six months was 656. The rtport refers to
the postal cards sent out by the board
containing a copy of the compulsory edu
cation law. Some parents have already
expressed their intention of sending their
children to school after being spoken to
by the truant officers. On motion of Su
perintendent Webster a vote of thanks
was extended to the officers for their good
work. He stated that the report was un
precedented.
The president of the board was author
ized to equip manual training centers and
Director Kincaid to install cooking
classes, the expense to be paid out of the
revenue of the next fiscal year.
The contract for repaying the Lafayette
schoolhouse was awarded to N'evson Mc-
Neil for $1919- The contracts for painting
the Franklin and Starr King schoolhouses
for $190 and $185 respectively were awarded
to Gustave Schnee. i and that for con
structing a granite coping at the Denman
School building to R. H. Capp for $640.
Miss S. E. Kelly of the Mission Gram
mar School was granted an extension of
her leave of absence for two months.
BIG CHANGES IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
Board of Education Creates
Departments in Three
Institutions.
Commercial Course Transferred From
Polytechnic to Lincoln Grammar
School, Where Branch Will
Be Centered. •
It\was ordered that only graduates of
the grammar schools of this city or pupils
having equal qualifications from other
schools or equal rank be eligible to ad
mission to the Polytechnic High School
and to the commercial department of Lin
coln Grammar School.
The resolution authorizing the forma
tion of a commercial class in the Mission
High School was rescinded. The board
intends to centralize all the commercial
classes connected with the high schools
and place them under the control of the
management of the Lincoln Grammar
School, which is centrally located and can
be attended by pupils from all sections of
the city.
Charles H. Murphy, head of the commercial
department and teacher of commercial law;
Mi« H. E. Rademaker and Miss B. T. Durkee,
teachera of bookkeeping; Miss K. C. Fay.
teacher of arithmetic; Miss M. B. Canway.
Miss L. Richards and Mrs. T. F. Spencer,
stenography; Miss I. Garbartno, typewriting;
P. A. Eapina. penmanship; Mrs. 8. W. Mc-
Pherson, and Miss E. D. Armer. English and
commercial geography; Mlsa M. G. Salcldo.
teacher of Spanish.
The reorganization of the Polytechnic
High School and the transfer of the com
mercial department, calling 1 for a. smaller
number of teachers. In the opinion of th»
board, Miss L. White was dismissed from
the department.
It was resolved that heads of depart
ments in the high schools shall be regu
larly elected teachers holding certificates
of the high school grade and who shall
have had rive years" successful experience
in teaching, two of which shall have been
in public high schools In the United
States. No special pupils will bo allowed
to take a partial course.
A three-year course of study was adopt
ed for the Polytechnic High School, fit
ting its graduates to enter the scientific
colleges of the universities, no special pu
pils being allowed to take a partial course.
The board finding that tne growth of
the Polytechnic School makes it neces
sary to provide increased accommo
dation for the pupils it was ordered that
the commercial course be discontinued in
that Institution and transferred to the
Lincoln Grammar School. The change
resulted in the transfer of the following
named teachers:
The action of the board In creating a
department of Latin displaces C. M.
Wa'ker, who has been teaching both
Latin and Greek in the Lowell High
School. He will be retained as a teacher,
but his salary will be reduced from $155
to $144- Superintendent Webster protestett
against the adoption of the resoiutioa on
that score and reserved to himself thd
right to criticize the action of the board
at a later date.
Polytechnic Hljh School— English and his
tory, Charles H. Ham; mathematics, J. B.
Clark; science. A L.. Jordan; manuaj train
ing, F. A. Gardner.
The Board of Education yesterday
adopted resolutions providing that a four
year course of study be inaugurated ia
January, 1901. for all the high schools,
with the exception of the Polytechnic,
which is to continue on a three-year basis.
Each high school will be organized into
departments. Which shall be based upon
particular branches of study as far as
practicable or upon cognate branches, and
a department shall always Include more
than one teacher. Following are the ar
rangements made in accordance with the
recommendations of principals:
Lowell High School— English, • A. E. KeJ-
Iogg; history. F. M. Clark; Latin/ C. C. Youns;
mathematics. F. K. Crafts; science, P. X.
Tompkina. .
Girls' High School— Science. Otorga O.
Mitchell: mathematics. Miss Fidelia Jewett:
English, Miss Helen M. Thompson; history,
Mrs. Mary .Frag; Latin, Miss Catherine K.
Wilson.
AN ARTIFICER— A., City. An artificer
in the United States Army Is a soldier
mechanic, whose pay ranges from $15 to
$20 a month, according to the number of
enlistments. The pension to the widow of
an artificer is fixed according to his
status.
UNITED STATES MARSHAL— E. L..
City. The compensation of the United
States Marshal for the Northern District
of California Is fees, likewise for the Dep
uty United States Marshal for the same
district.
VALUE OP A HALF— M, P. C. City.
Dealers charge from 85 cents to $1 13 for
a half dollar of ISO 6, but do not offer to
buy such.
partment In San Francisco are the tame
under the new charter as they were prior
to Its adoption.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, THURSDAY, JUNE 28, 1900^
It may be true that China can't fight, but 'it looks
as if she were going to break her neck trying*- it. ,
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DIMES OF 1527-J. C. 8.. City. No pre
mium is offered by dealers for a dime of
YOUNG STANFORD'S DEATH— lnland
Stanford Jr.. the only son of Leland and
Mrs. Stanford, died in- 1834.
NEITHER CORRECT— M. F.. City
Neither "her and me" nor "her and I" is
a correct expression In the English lan
guage. '¦'•'•-',¦
A FINISH FIGHT-W. J, 0.. Crockett,
Cal. There is no State in the Union, ex
cept Nevada, where there can be a fight
to - a ¦ finish. . : ¦
NO SUCH EXEMPTION— J. M C
C £ y ' TT hc Jgv ls no law of California that
allows^ "a $oO exemption from taxation on
household property."
WAGES OF LABORERS-P. ;C., ; City,
The wages of laborers in the Street De-
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. W. W. Watkins ¦of Moscow, Idaho,
is at the Grand.
/ Senator Thomas Flint of San Juan is a
guest at the Palace. >¦'. - ?
C. J. \Valkei\ a wealthy oil man of Tu
lare, is at the Russ. ,
..' M. Cody, a, wealthy rancher of LoVMe
danos. is a guest at the Grand. -•
Banker T. J. , Field of Monterey, accom
panied by Mrs. Field; is at the Palace. .
Alfonso Altschul, a coffee planter of
Guatemala, is registered at the Palace.
. H. M. Pomeroy, a physician of Lios An
geles, is a guest at the Lick.
J. 0. . Beasley, a;, wealthy rancher of
Jolon, J Santa Clara County, is at the Russ.
George A. McElfresh .of JLos Angeles,
high chief ranger of the* Foresters, is reg
istered i at; the Grand/ '*':¦'¦ ¦
Norma ; Dunne & Ryley's new
leading lady, has arrived here from New
York and" is at the California.
Attorney General Tirey/ L^. Ford, who
has been : taking a week's^ rest in. the
country.' returned yesterday to his homa
decidedly benefited by his autirur.
" The first rational suggestion for an amendment to
the city charter has made its appearance in the Board
of Supervisors. It is proposed to recommend an
amendment that jhe telephone monopoly be sub
jected to a municipal tax as arc other quasi-public
corporations.
decent people of Sausalito have at last scored
an inning which may be of value to them in their
struggle against the gamblers. The pool-sellers are
quarreling to that point where it is likely they may
throw themselves all out of business.
The St. Louis detectives who used dynamite with
which to provide themselves with suspicious cases that
would not materialize ought to come to San Fran
cisco and hunt for the bubonic plague phantom.
If scandal continues to raise its head in the Federal
administration of Chinese affairs In this city the pro
posed change of executive officers will possess several
distinctive merits.
More than ten thousand people have died in a week
in India of cholera, and still England is drawing
upon the death-swept colony for munitions of war.
? ?
6
AUCTION SALES.
By Chase & M«-naenha!l— This day. Horses, at 173! Market
etreet.
Grand Opera-hou^e — Benefit for widow and orphans of
James E. Sweeney, Kriilay afternoon. June 29.
Grand Opera-house— "Children, of the Ghetto," Monday,
July 2.
Columbia— "Mis* Hohbs."
California— "A Milk White Flag."
Tivoli— "The Geisha."
Alcazar— "Sarho."
Orchfcum — Vaudeville.
Oiympia, corner Mason' and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
e%-enlns.
Fischer's— "The Hucuenot*."
Eutro Baths — Onen r.ichts.
AMUSEMENTS.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lt> at Townsend's.*
81 Fourth st. (front of barber and gro-
cery), best eye-glasses, specs. 10 to 40c •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Cllppinsr Bureati (Allen's"). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Three-foot flags, with 4^i-foot anti(»ue
poles and polished brass knobs. 25 cents
each. Same flag, with red, white and
blue corrugated pole and gilt top, 35 cents
All kinds of bunting, festooning and pa-
triotic pictures. Sanborn, Vail & Co. 741
Market street.* •
OX THE WRONG TRACK.
•L*>ts of men might acquire fortunes If
they didn't waste so much time in flgrur-
lng how to make money without work.
Mothers sive Dr. Slegrert's Angostura Bitter*
to their children to stop colic and looseness of
the bowels.
MANAGING A HUSBAND
A St. Louis woman was asked how sh»
managed her husband. "Feed him well
and trust to luck." was the answer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Shreve I Company
Will Cose Their Store
• at
3 P. M. on Saturdays
¦ and other business days
At 5 P. M.,
June 30th to September ist
inclusive
Market and Post Streets.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDOINO PUMPS
|/nr|r>|| Were tuecessrul at Norn* l**t
nifVUii T«*r. All cthcra failed, la opera-
Uoa o*ll7. • Stevenaan «t-. S. V-
Flags and Bunting.,Meyer's Case Continued.
Herman Meyer, alias ¦ Hastings, alias
Kasten, -. the '¦ ex-soldier, who -. stole Mrs.
Jennie ; Kean'a diamonds : from her- room,
906 Market street; Tuesday, was instruct
ed and arraigned In Judge Mogan's court
yesterday. By/consent the case/was con
tinued •¦ till . Saturday, j The brother of the
young lady to whom. Meyer was to have
been jmarried yesterday "was in court.
Meyer's sweetheart has ' received such a
shock from his arrest that ; she Is con
fined -to her bed. \ v : ¦¦-¦¦?•.---. ;.-,-'¦•
Demands an Accounting.
Mrs. Hosina M. Stone has filed suit
against J. •J. Raver fdr an accounting.
Mrs. Stone alleges that on January 25 she
was part owner of property in the East.
On that date her husband. W. E. Stone,
mortgaged his interest In the property
to Raver for $2500. Mrs. Stone now claims
that Raver has sold her husband's inter
est at a profit to himself of $2033. and she
asks that the court compel him to ac
count for the same and adjust the mat
ter of any balance In her husband's f a-
A Institute Playwright.
Joseph Larseru 60 years of age, was sent
to the Almshouse yesterday by the health
officials. Larsen. who claims to be a. play
wright and artist, says he Is in destitute
circumstances, wixh no hope of relief. lie
has been living at 143 Nineteenth avenue
and has no relatives. In 1595 Larsen wrote
a tragedy in five acts entitled "The Earl."
He has been in San Francisco for twenty
seven yearß. Larson painted a picture
entitled "The Twentieth Century." a copy
of one of the old masters, which was on
exhibition at the Emporium recently. ?
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted In
the Superior Court to Genevieve Loipton
from Charles Lupton on the ground of in
temperance: Cora Lacy from Thomas H.
Lacy on the ground of willful desertion:
Jessie Duros from Armand Duroa on the
ground of willful neglect, and Augusta E.
C. Courvoisier from John F. Courvoisler
on the ground of desertion. Suits for di
vorce have been filed by Blanche Skinner
against Joseph Skinner for failure to pro
vide; Nina D. Herel against Hugh lierel
for cruelty: Mary G. yon Burlow against
J. M. yon Burlow for desertion: Etta M.
Norman against William H. Norman, for
failure to provide and May B. Carter
against William D. Carter for desertion.
found to be the "keeper" of the horse
shoe magnet which -was concealed ¦ under
the rim of the bowl and caused to re
volve once in twenty-four hours. By the
same device a lizard was Induced to make
an hourly advance up a graduated col
umn, and a mouse to creep along nib
bling at the hour marks on a cornice.
These chamber clocks were generally
hung upon the' wall, and some had the
upptr part covered with wooden hoods
About 1600 efforts were made to adapt
these expensive, highly decorated time
keepers to domestic use. About the mid
dle of the century pendulums were intro
duced, and the newly invented chamber
clocks were in such demand that the sun
dial makers gave up their vocation .and
turned their attention to the making and
improvement of clocks. As with the
clock-watches, so with the chamber
clocks was great effort made to enjoin
upon the observer the generally over
looked fact that "every hour Is a step
toward death." One of the most unique
of these memento mori timekeepers was
the great chamber clock of 1623. Upon
one side door was engraved the conven
tional figure of Time with his sickle, and
upon the other was a ghastly skeleton
holding a torch, from which depended
the warning. "The Ming of death Is sin,'*
while beneath the hour Klass held In the
other hand were the following quaint
lines:
.Man is a sl.if?. Life
Is as water weakly washed about,
Slnhs brought In death.
Death breaks the Rlase,
So runs the water out.
Fireman Michael O'Brien, Who Fell
Into an Elevator Shaft, to
Bring Suit. ' ;",
Flre Chief Sullivan has carried out his
intention to prosecute Louis O. Levison,
the owner of .the building 4 at 134 Sutter
street, and M. B. Kellogg; trustee of the
Levison estate, for leaving-' an elevator
shaft open. The warrants were sworn
out before Judge Mqcan yesterday.
On the morning of June 22 fire "broke out
in the building and Michael O'Brien, cap
tain of Chemical Engine 1, fell 1 through
the open elevator shaft and was seriously
injured. Levison that day sent a check
for 1100 to the Sweeney fund, which was
promptly returned by the Chief. " v
Captain O'Brien will also institute a suit
for damages against Levison for the in
juries he received.
SEEKS COMPENSATION
FOR HIS INJURIES
Judge Hebbard Dissolves Injunction
and Treasurer May Now Pay
City's Creditors.
St. Mary's Park fund. Judge Hebbard
has decided, was a fund that existed alono
in the minds of the local legislative body
and was never by official act designated
as such, nor was any fund set apart for
the purchase of the lands In question.
This decision places the $125,000 In the gen
eral fund and hence it may be used for
general purposes. The decision was
reached In the suit of Christian Rei?,
against Treasurer Brooks, in which plain
tiff sought an injunction restraining ths
use of the $125,000 in question f or purposes
other than the purchase of properties for
St. Mary's sauare. in his opinion Judga
Hebbard says:
In accordance with the- State law, on Septem
ber 18, 1599, the Board of Supervisors levied %
tax for city and county purposes for the fiscal
year endincr June 30, 1900, in tha sum of (1.023
on each $100 of valuation. Nowhere In the ai»
portionment of funds was St. Mary's square
mentioned. Counsel for the plaintiff 'claims,
however, that the Board of Supervisors "In
tended" to set apart the sum of $123,000 as a
St. Mary* square fund and that therefore th»
sum ought to remain in the treasury for that
purpose.
It Is quite evident by resolutions of tha
board, both before and after the passage o£
Order No. 218, that this appropriation was in
tended, buf the laves relating to taxation have
not yet become sufficiently flexible to permit
the taking of any sum of money out of a fund
distinctly_mentlcned in an order fixing: a tax
levy and putting it Into a fund which exists
and existed at the time of the levy only In ths
minds of the members of the board which
passed the order. -
The demurrer to the complaint for these rea
sons is sustained without leave to amend and
th« action is dissolved. The Injunction Is dis
solved and the defendant shall have judgment
for bis costs.
Although a few points -were Involved in
this case that were not passed upon by
Judge Sea well, this decision is practically
an affirmation of tbe first that was hand
ed down In the St. Mary'a Park case.
ST MARY'S PARK FUND
EXISTED ONLY IN NAME
Attorney Rose Makes a Plippant
Answer to Judge Fritz and
Regrets It.
Attorney George M. Rose ran up against
Judge Frita yesterday and was ordered^
into custody for contempt of court. Later
he apologized to the Judge both In writing
and verbally, and the Judge purged him
of the contempt.
The case of Walter Recce, a colored
man, charged with failure to provide, was
called. Recce had eloped from Stockton
with the ex-wife of Charley Turner, the
pugilist, deserting his wife and children.
Rose insisted on representing Recce, al
though Recce declared he did not want
him. Rose then claimed he was in the
case as amicus curiae. He wa? cautioned
by the Judge to stop talking and when he
gave a. flippant answer he was ordered
into custody.
Recce's wife and mother-in-law were in
court and he promised to return home
with them. On that showing the case
was- dismissed. Mrs. Turner has a charge
of vagrancy against her and it will be
heard to-day.
SENT TO PRISON FOR
CONTEMPT OF COURT
Judge Murasky Appoints Her Special
Administratrix of Her Deceased
Husband's Estate.
Judge Murasky made an order yesterday
granting Mrs. Sadie Rosenbaum special
letters of administration upon the estate
of her late husband, Kmil D. Rosenbaum.
whose suicide, a few weeks ago was the
subject of much comment. Decedent's
estate is valued at $200,000. Mrs. Rosen
baum made application for a family al
lowance in the sum of $1000 a month, but
Judge Murasky held that $600 a month
was sufficient and awarded Mrs. Rosen
baum this amount.
¦When the case was called for hearing
Mrs. Rosenbaum. robed in somber garb,
took the stand. She testified that her late
husband's estate was not worth less than
$250,000. She said that $1000 a month as a
family allowance pending the probate pro
ceedings was not too great and asked for
this amount, with the result stated.
It is believed that the contest to Rosen
baum's will will be filed this week. The
petition asking 1 for the probate of the will
is set for hearing on Tuesday next. This
will be opposed by other relatives of the
deceased, who are anxious to obtain half
of his estate. It 13 understood that they
will allege that Rosenbaum was insane
when he marie his wife his sole devisee.
This will be decided at the hearing of the
contest. ,
ONE POINT GAINED BY
MRS. SADIE ROSENBAUM
eighteenth century revolving dials with
the single indicator are still to be found
in the South Kensington Museum. One
of the most pleasing represents a large
globe upheld by three beautiful bronze
boys. A serpent with head erect points
with his tongue to the time indicated upon
the revolving equatorial bands, one of
which chronicles the hour, another the
mlnutas.
The porcelain vase clock, said to have
belonged to Marie Antoinette, carries out
the same idea, the tongue of the serpent
coiled at the base of the urn forming the
fixed indicator of the revolving hours
upon the polygonal encircling bands.
It is difficult to ascertain just when the
pocket watches came into vogue. That
they were used in Shakespeare's day is
shown in "As You Like It," when Jaquea
says: "And then he drew a dial from his
poke." Long afterward, however, watches
were still made with a pointed projection,
which would clearly demonstrate their
unfitness for pocket use. A plausible
theory has been advanced to the effect
that fob watches' (from the German
"fuppe," a pocket) were Introduced by
the Puritans, whose aversion to undue
display led them to conceal their time
keepers about their clothing. Certain, it.
is that Oliver Cromwell's fob watch in
the British Museum is the first small
timekeeper found with fob chain appen
dant.
While the Puritans were doing: all they
could to repress ostentation and orna
ment in England, the clockmakers of Hol
land, Germany and France were vying
with one another in the production of ex
travagant ingenuities. Then were invent
ed the salt cellar clocks for state ban
quets, musical clocks which played a."
great variety of popular airs, tortoise
shell or egK-shaped watches suspended
from the chatelaine, walking stick* with
horologium in the knob for the Bishop
of Kly. mystery clocks with falling ball
attachments, perpetual motion clocks,
self-winding clocks, watches with pendu
lums, butterfly, acorn, sea shell, trumpet
shaped and flower watches, all exquisitely
enameled and frequently used to orna
ment hand mirror, fan or bracelet.
One of the most curious of the mystery
clorks vras Grollier de Servlere's mag
netic timekeeper fashioned In the form
of a shallow bowl whereon were marked
the numerals. When the bowl was filled
with water a tortoise made 6t cork was
placed therein, floating around until It
pointed to the time, and crawling from
one hour figure to another as the day
advanced. His chronological bump was
to protect the works from the dust, white
the weights and pendulum hung free.
By the close of the reign of Charles II
these clocks had become entirely inelosea
in wood, and were thus evolved into the
long-case eight-day timepieces popularly
known as grandfather clocks. The Intro
duction of the minute hand was slowly
accepted by country makers, and these
handsome clocks reached their perfection
in the days of Chippendale, the noted
cabinet maker of St. Martin's lane. His
foreman. Sheraton, distinguished for hts
ornate style and beautiful inlaid work,
also published a cabinet dictionary In
1808, from which popular clock cases have
been selected.
Somo of the older long-case clocks were
frequently embellished with Oriental lac
quer work or covered with marqueterle in
fine geometrical designs. The taste for
effective marqueterie became especially
pronounced in the time of William of
Orange, who brought in his train a band
of Dutch inlayer3.
Other beautiful variations of the clocks
of the Chippendale period were the darlc
oak cases carved in nigh relief. Although,
some specimens of this handsome worlc
have appeared at other periods, they all
seem to have been the result of artistic
experiment by enthusiastic woodcarvers.
designed to reinclose existing clocks
rather than especially planned receptacles
for new timekeepers.
It Is melancholy to think that the Intro
duction fifty years ago of cheap machine
made American clocks proved so disas
trous to the manufacture of old English
timepieces that thousand's of these ions
case clocks were cut up for firewood andY
their brazen interiors relegated to the
melting pot.
The norological industry has from time
to time been paralyzed by the Imposition
of obnoxious taxes upon clocks and
watches. English duties upon the cases
led to the manufacture of a remarkable
number of silver gilt and pinchbeck cases.
These latter were so named from an in
ventor of astronomic-musical clocks,
whose fame became worldwide and whose
name became an adjective In our lan
guage upon his discovery of an alloy of
metals closely resembling gold.
Not content ¦with taxes upon the cases
of timepieces, Pitt proceeded to impose a
tax upon possessors and users of waiches
and clocks. As a result of thia unjust im
post many clock manufacturers were
ruined, hundreds of men were thrown out
of employment and only half the number
of timepieces were made. In order to
meet the impending scarcity of clocks
tavern-keepers unanimously adopted* for
the convenience of their patrons a con
splcuous but inexpensive wall clock,
named after the necessity which caused
its invention. "The Act of Parliament'
clock. Although these painted black-wood
dials, with their large gilt figures, may
occasionally be seen In country inns, the
best place In which to find these and fine
specimens of other venerable timepieces
is London; for the modern curio hunter
HISTORIC STUDIES IN HOME FURNISHING
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
BY MARGARET AINSLEE.
(Concluded.)
A later French invention probably used
in a private chapel was the crucifix clock.
The ornamental parts of these timepieces
were examples of beautiful modeling, es
pecially the silver figure hanging upon the
gilt cross. When the hour was sounded
by the bell beldw the plinth the figure on
the left raised its chalice. The time was
indicated upon the revolving ball sur
mounting the structure by the pointer af
fixed to'tfce cross. . .
Interesting historical examples of these
_.< . . . . " : _».
Lilly Kopp, "a pretty falr-halred child,
not yet three years old, was mangled by
an electric car yesterday morning in tlie
presence of her mother on Folsom street,
between Seventh and Eighth. The child's
left leg had to be amputated at the Re
ceiving Hospital, and it !s possible that
she may not survive the shock to her
system.
] l f he family had lived at 25 Folsom ave
nue, and three weeks ago the father went
to Portland to obtain employment. He
was successful and sent money to pay the
fare of his wife and two children to that
place. All their household effects and
trunks were sent to the steamer Colum
bia on Tuesday, and the family, consist
ing of the motner and two children, .Lilly
anil a baby six months old, went to spend
the night with a friend, Mrs. Annie "VVein
berg, 40 Moss street. Shortly before 10
o'clock yesterday morning Mrs. Kopp, ac
companied by her two children and Mrs.
"VVeinberg and Mrs. Esther flosenthal,
was standing on Folsom street, waiting
for a car to go to the wharf. Mrs. Kopp
had hold of Lilly's hand and in the other
hand carried a valise. Mrs. Rosenthal
had the baby in her arms.
Mrs. Kopp states that the car stopped
and she was assisting Lilly on to the
dummy when it suddenly started and the
child fell off in front of it. The fender
was unable to save the little one and the
front wheel caught her left leg just above
the ankle and threw her to the ground.
Mrs. Kopp became hysterical, and Chris
Gill, 1145 folsom street, who saw the ac
cident, rushed forward and dragged the
child away from the car and carried her
to Young's drug store, Folsom and Lang
ton streets. The ambulance was sum
moned and the little sufferer was taken
to the hospital. Dr. C. D. McGettigan,
who was on duty there, found both bones
of the leg so badly mangled that he de
cided to amputate the limb, which was
done with the assistance of Dr. Hopper.
Later the child was removed to the Lane
Hospital by order of the railroad authori
ties for further treatment.
Michael D. Murphy, the motonnan,.was
arrested by Detective Ryan and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of bat
tery. He was released on $25 cash bail.
He said that the child left her mother and
ran in front of his car. Three women
standing on the curb had signaled to him
to stop and he -was slowing up when the
child ran in front of the vehicle. 'He
claimed that he was not to blame. He
had been ov*er twelve years in the em
ploy of the company, he said, and this
was the first accident that had happened
him. His statement that the child ran
away from her mother in front of the car
is borne out by Edith Stolzenwald, 1153
Folsom street; Cleo Shaw, 1155 Folsom
street; G. Reifensteln. 1135 Folsom street,
and others who saw the accident.
Her Mother Declares Car Started Too
Soon, bnt Conductor Says
Child Ran in J?ront
of Vehicle.
Little Lilly Kopp Has Her
Leg Badly Mangled and
May Die.
FELL BENEATH
WHEELS OF AN
ELECTRIC CAR
Little Brown Men Forced to
Leave Town and Warned
Not to Return.
Railroad Takes the Matter in Hand
and Its Agent Demands That
the Asiatic Laborers So
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, June 27.— Twenty-one Ja
panese, brought to Keswlck Station two
weeks ago to work for the Southern Pa
cific, were driven out last night by 'M)
workingmen from the Keswick smelter.
The men went to a. car ¦where the Jap
anese slept, near Keswick Station, woke
and told them to dresis. There was no vio
lence. The Japanese were scared, but
thought best finally to go. They were
quietly driven to the southbound Oregon
express and told to board and never to
return. They were carried to Redding and
here put off by the conductor. They have
no means to pay for passage and left im
mediately for the south on foot.
The 200 white men dispersed after hav
ing resolved that the Japanese should
never come again. Serious trouble and
perhaps bloodshed will occur if they do.
These Japanese do not speak English and
had an interpreter. The latter has disap
peared.
REDDING, Jun© 27.— Serious trouble as
the result of the expulsion of Japanese
from Keswlck last night is threatened.
This afternoon Southern Pacific Detective
Ahem telephoned the Sheriff's office here
from Sacramento." Ahem intimates that
the railroad is determined to reinstate the
Japanese In Shasta. He asks the Sheriff
If the latter will be able to provide pro
tection to the Japanese. If not, the rail
road will call on Governor Gage for help.
CITIZENS OF
KESWICK DRIVE
OUT JAPANESE
CURIOUS CLOCKS AND THEIR MAKERS
The Kosmos liner Serapis arrived from
Hamburg yesterday, via South and Cen
tral American ports. She brings the news
that two new lines of steamers ' will be
competing for the trade of the American
continent In a month or so and that the
Central American business of the Pacific
Mail will be very heavily cut into in con
sequence.
The Merchants' line controlled by W. R.
Grace & Co. will be the first to come here.
Its first steamer, the Condor, a 3000-ton
vessel, will arrive here early in September
and will be followed by the Cacique, Ca
pac, Coya, Cumbal and Cuzco. These ves
sels have hitherto been running between
New York and Guayaquil, stopping at in
termediate ports. They will now continue
the journey and stop at all the ports be
tween New York and San Francisco, i
The othertlne is the Pacific Steam Navi
gation Company. Its vessels run as far
north as Panama and from there con
necting boats run to Central" American
ports. The company has now decided to
run on -to San Francisco, and the Ortona,
4900 tons, will be the lir3t of the fleet to
arrive here in September next. The Or
tona will be followed by the Oraira, Or
cana, Oreliana, Orissa, Orizaba, Oropesa,
Qrotava, Oroya and Oruba. All of these
vessels are over 3000 tons net burden and
should bring a lot of business to this
port.
The Serapis brings the news that Presi
dent Manuel Estrada Cabrera of Guate
mala has formed the strongest Cabinet
ever known in the Central American re
public. Juan Barrios is Minister of For
eign affairs, Juan J. Argueta. Minister of
the Interior and Justice, Major General
Luis Molina Minister of. War, Guillermo
Aguirre Minister of Finance, Rafael Spin
ola Minister of Public Works, J. Antonio
Mandugano Minister of Public Instruc
tion and Jose Flamencio, Secretary of the
Ministries.
The passengers who came up on the
Serapis were: Alfonso Altschuf, Isadore
Beall, E. W. Beaizley. B. Bonny, B. J.
Cooney, Mrs. Cooney, Frank Cooney, Ja
cob Ehrlich, Mrs. Lendal M. Gray, Lendal
Galen Gray, Stuart L. Rawllngs. E. Sala
vernia, D. Salavernla and Mr and Mrs.
J. C. Charpentier.
Hail Steamer Australia Sails.
There was not an untaken berth on the
mailboat 'Australia when she left the
Oceanic dock yesterday. At least a thou
sand people were down to see their friends
off and there was considerable excitement
when the gangway was pulled ashore. A
big crowd was down to bid James Rolph
Jr. and his bride bon voyage. During the
half hour preceding the time of sailing
nearly half a ton of rice must have been
thrown at or over the young couple. It
was a merry party and Mr. and Mrs.
Rolph are Insured long years of unbroken
happiness if the wishes of their friends
are realized.
The cabin passengers on the Australia
are:
C. A. Bachelder, F. F. Baldwin and wife,
F. Berry, MrB. C. H. Bishop, A. A. Brown,
Rev C. H. Buck and wife, E. M. Campbell. H.
C Carter. 8. N.- Castle. Miss Charlotte Castle,
Joseph F. Clyne, Isldor Cohn, Mrs. C. A.
Cowan and two children, Cllve Davies. Mrs.
C. A. Davis, Miß3 U. Davis, Master R. M.
Davis Mrs. B. F. Dlllingham. R. Dorward,
Mrs il. B. Douglan, A. XV. Dow. T. F\ Dredge.
Miss M. Knpan. H. O. Elklngton. W. J. Eng
land. Mrs. J. W. Evans, A. J. Fayerweather,
H. Fayerweather, Mrs. A. M. Fine, J. S.
Greene H.-E. Grimes, Frederick Haviland,
Miss A. Havllan«, A. \V.' Hlne. Mlns M. Hod
nett. Dr. W. Hoffman. E. B. Hough and wife,
L. E. Hunt. H. P. Judd, J. F. Kent and wife,
Miss Daisy Kerr. Mlsa Azalea C. Keyes, W. A.
Kolniar. John Latham, Rev. Hamilton Lee, AY.
M. Levensaler, A. Lewis. Mrs. J. R. Mac
kenzie, Dr. Samuel McCurdy, Dr. J. McDonald,
S. W. Nichols A. ftaas, wife and two children,
W. T. Rawlins. James Rolph Jr. and wife, R.
Ross, Mrs. S. Savidge. L. Schweitzer. AY. A.
Betchell. G. W. Stadler. L. A. Thurston, L. P.
Tobrlner, Mrs. George de la Vergne, H. C.
Walker, A. G. Walsh, F. Wheyman. *H. J.
"White, J. J. Williams and wife, Miss Wil
liams. C. O. Zeteenfuss.
New Steel Steamer for the Coast.
Robert Dollar the millionaire lumber
man, has contracted with the New York
ship building works at Camden. X. J.. for
a steel 5000-ton steamer, to be delivered
on the coast* next year. The new vessel
is to be 317 feet long, 40 feet beam and 26
feet daep, while her average speed will
b« 15 knots. Mr Dollar istends her for
the coast trade and expects her to
be the finest thing of her class afloat.
The plans were drawn and all the con
tracts let while Mr. Dollar was in the
East, and on his return home yesterday
he announced that the keel of the new
craft was already laid.
First Trader From Guam.
The British ship Thaiatta arrived from
Sydney, N. S. AW, yesterday and was or
dered into quarantine. She . brings 2574
tons of coal. . .'
The brig John D. Spreckels arrived from
Guam yesterday. She left here about six
months* ago with a cargo of general mer
chandise for the Western Commercial
Company. An agent went down with tne
vessel and a station has been established.
The Spreckels brought back a cargo of
copra and will go back to the island on
another voyage as soon as she is dis
charged and loaded again. Captain
Rookes Says everything is very -quiet at
Guam. Governor Leary allows no liquor
to be sold on the island and In conse-.
quence there its no righting. Everybody
was looking forward to the arrival of the
new Governor when the Spreckels sailed.
One thing is certain. Governor , Leary is
thoroughly sick of his job and will wel
come the transport that takes him away
from his island kingdom.
Water Front Notes.
Lieutenant A. Buhner of the revenue
cutter Golden Gate has been promoted to
a captaincy. He will probably be given
command of one of the larger Government
vessels now in Bering Sea. • _'•
The Harbor Commissioners 'have or
dered Gray Brothers to make more rapid
progress in tbe building of the breakwater
at North Beach. Only 3000 tons of rock
have been dumped, and four times that
amount should have been put down on
the wall.
Brings News That Merchants' Steam
er Line and Pacific Steam Navi
gation Company Will Bid
-for Our Trade.'
Kosmos Company's Liner
Serapis Arrives Prom
Hamburg.
SEA AND SHORE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUKSDAY, J ONE 28, 190 U.
"GREAT CHAMBER CLOCK,"
1623.
I OLIVER CROMWELL'S WATCH 4,
I AND FOB CHAIN. «,
has scoured with such diligence the most
remote rustic quarters that almost all tha
genuine antiques have wended their way
to the large cities.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
MARIE ANTOINETTES CLOCK.
TSfyi/ Anita Cream j
jTY v* . is not a cos- r
&(j£sY£fal/ metre to cover %
dTJf edy to cure all te
fa&/ : cutaneous af- \
t i' fectt ons. -It p
_ t J%//}fff will draw im-" X
- J i&Lis purities to the )t
£} g o surface, re- Jl
*Mjfjf/&2 move the dis- v
FCJrJ% / &j?& eased and dfs- L
\ f n ¦» colored skin j
V in small dust-
7{ like particles, and promote a b
ju new growth of skin as soft
ji and clear as a child's. %
I All Druggists Sell It, >
S or we will send a full sized j
L jar, together with instruc- 5
r tions, . for 50c Information Jt
4 and sample for 2c postage.
!R- Anita Cream & Toilet Co.; J^
X 207" Franklin v St., Los An- y
gelevCal. . j^
SWEET AS JUNE ROSES
is the linen that is laundered with the
perfection -of skill for which the Unite 4
States Laundry is famous. Clean,
white and spotless, and, with a finish
that cannot be duplicated in this town,
is the result of our exquisite methods
and careful attention to details. "No saw
edges."
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004- Market Street,
Near PowttL:
. Telephone—South > 4-20,
Oakland Office— 3BB 12th Street;
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE ?. PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH SEATTLE, WASH.
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
T'FFTPH w hlch will you have, the
I 1— > «-. I ll* comforts of good teeth, ur
the wretched misery. ' BUff>rln < 2>2 > and terrib'.o
pangs of toothache and broken-down constitu-
tion, caused by polluted breath from decayed
teeth. And yet many struggle on through llfo
««d allow their teeth to get in this most de-
plorable condition without seeking 'the proper
source to have their teeth restored to their
natural condition.
We are making a specialty of gold crown and
bridge work; the most beautiful, painless and
durable of all dental work known to the pro-
fession. Our name alone will be a guarantee
that your work will be of the best. We have a
specialist In each department. „•»*
Full set of teeth J5, a perfect fit guaranteed
or no pay. Gold crowns, f5. Gold fillings, Jl.
Silver fillings. 50c. ¦-,; ¦••-..¦¦
AMTJSEMENTS.
FOURTH and LAST WEEK
FLORENCE" ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET. in th«
Fascinating Plar.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next W««k-FLORBXCE ROBERTS' "CAR-
MEN."
. — —
A BILL, BETOND CRITICISM.
THE BEST OF THE SEASON.
The Greatest Com«dy Quartet In America.
The Four COHANS,
Presenting "THE GOVERNOR'S SON."
TODD FAMILY OF ACROBATS. CARRLXG-
TON. HOLLAND AND GALPIN.
GILBERT AND GOLDIE.
MUSICAL DALE. SYDNEY DEANE. GRAPE-
WIN AND CHANCE.
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony, 10c; opera, chairs
and box seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally Prom 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing- from 7 a. in. <o 10 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN sc.
Bathlns. Including Admission. 25c. Children 20c.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
I -¦ OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE^
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OP" LONDON, ENGLAND. ON THE JIST
day of December. A. D. 1839. aad for the
year ending on that day. aa made to tha In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to th« provisions of sections 619
and ill of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner-.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $163,170 87
Loans on bonds and mortgages 10,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company C07.E00 00
Cash in banks .- «.927 90
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 1,760 00
Premiums In due course of collection 35,856 71
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 231 Cl
Rents due and accrued 475 00
Total assets ._.. J868.918 09
LIABILITIES. „ ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 658 00
Losses in process of adjustment or in
suspense 1.200 00
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or leps, $142,757 23; reinsur-
ance. 50 per cent 71,378 77
Gross premiums on flre risks running
more than one year. $ 31.724 00; rein-
surance pro rata 48.495 86
All other demands ag-alnst company. 7,901 £$
Total liabilities ._...5»9.04 19
INCOME. " ~
Net ca«h actually received for flre
premiums .» 1163.C63 57
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all
other sources 17,218 45
Received for rents 12,892 50
Total Incom* 8193,772 52
EXPENDITURES. " ~~
Net amount paid for flre losses (In*
cludin* HOW €5, losses of previous
years) -• 8 60.8» 64
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage v £5,203 51
Paid for salaries, fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 15.415 89
Paid for State, national and local
taxes E.3C2 SI
All other payments and expenditures 19,420 71
Total expenditures 8123.203 2*
Losses Incurred during the year, flre. -8 48.707 89
Flr» Prem-
Rlsks and Premiums. Risks. lums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year 817,436.2% $215,621 81
Net amount of risks ex-
: pired during the year 17,074,93 a 213,279 70.
Net amount In force De-
cember SI. 1599 17,821.2*4 234,48163
BAM R, WEED, ot and for
Weed & Kennedy, Manager*.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thi* 27th
day of January. 1900. F. FISIIBECK.
Notary Public.
C. F. MULLIf¥- - Manager,
E. T. NIEELING, Assistant Manager,
416-418 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Satisfactory
Eye=Glasses.
If you are wearing Eye-Glasses that are not
satisfactory, we can give you relief In a few
minutes and at lowest cost (for first-class serv-
ice). Our Famous Clips attached for 50c, while
you wait.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on prem-
ises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10.
642 Market st. instruments
UNDER CHRONICLE BU'LOINC. CATALOGUE FREE.
•(l -^patents!, J
MARKET bTVSJ. I^_S'
FOR WOMAN'S HEALTH
Earnest Letters from Women Re-
lieved of Pain by Mrs. Pinkham.
"Deab Mrs. Pinkham : — Before I
commenced to take your medicine I
was in a terrible state, wishing myself
dead a good many times. Every part
of my body seemed to pain in some
waj\ At time of menstruation my
suffering was something terrible. I
| thought there was no cure for me, but
after taking several bottles of Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound all
my bad feelings were gone. lam now
well and enjoying good health. I shall
always praise your medicine."— Mrs.
Amos Fescdler, Box 226, Romeo, Mich.
Female Troubles Overcome
No flore Pain
•'Deab Mrs. Pinkham : — I had female
trouble, painful menses, and kidney
complaint, also stomach trouble. About
a year ag-o I happened to pick up a
paper that contained an advertisement
of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, and when I read how it had
helped others, I thought it might help
me, and decided to give it a trial. I
did so, and as a result am now feeling
perfectly well. 1 wish to thank you for;
the benefit your medicine has been to
me." — Mes. Clara Stieber, Diller, Neb.
11 Dear Mbs. Pinkham :— Your Vege-
table Compound has been of much
benefit to me. ' When my menses first
appeared they were very irregular.
They occurred too often and did not
leave for a week or more. I always
suffered at these times with terrible
pains in my back and abdomen. Would
be in bed for several days and would
not be exactly rational at times. ; I
took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, and menses became reg-ular
and pains left me entirely." — Mbs. E.
F. Ccsteb, Brule, Wis.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPER^BODSE spechi
NO MORE SEATS!
STANDING JROOM ONLY!
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON
At 1:30 Sharp.
Doors Of>&n ext 12i30.
FOR THE
WIDOW AND_ORPHANB
JOHN E.
The Hero of the Fire Department.
Given by the •—
Associated Theatrical Managers
of San Francisco.
JkTTRAGTIOHS FROM EVERY THEATER
IN THE CITY,
UONSTER MINSTREL FIRST PART,'
AND THE BEST BILL. EVER GIVEN.
ADMISSION - - - -$1.00.
PHONE MAIN £22.
WALTER MOROSOO Manager
SALE OF SEAT 3 COMMEKCES AT 9
O'CLOCK THIS MORKING.
MOXDAT EVENING XEXT. Julr 2<3,
THE NEW FBAWLEY COMPANY
In Israel ZaagTrill'i Play.
"CHILDREN OF THE "GHETTO."
HolSfiay Matine* July 4. Regular Matinee
Saturday.
Brancb Ticket Office Emporium.
Price*— Orchestra, 75c and $1; Dres* Circle,
50c; Family Circle, Ssc; Gallery. 15c '--.
LAST NIGHTS AND MATINEE SATURDAY
or
A Milk White Fiag
WITH.
Dunne & RyIeyVALL-STAR CAST
V«zt Bua<say Kirtt. Immense Production of
HOTT'S Latest Play,
"A DAY AND A NI O H T."
First TJme In Ban Francisco.
Flrrt arrearanc* of MISS LOUISE GITN-
VING th< famous Scotch elrl, and MISS
N^KMA WH ALLEY.
KVITRT NTGHT EXCEPT SUNDAY.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY.
CHARLES FROHMAN Present!
HENRYMILLER
SPECIAL COMPANY.
Tt'a Wwk Only, Jerome K. Jerome* • Comedy,
"MISS HOBBS"
Next Week-CEATS NOW READY.
HENRY MILLER
And EPECIAL. COJIPAKT In a Ma«nlflcent
Production of
•THE TREE OF KNOWLEDGE."
Another Sensational Success!
Crowded Hoo*e» Are WltnessJnr the Revival
cf tbe Operatic Gem.
POSITIVELY EVERY EVENING AND SAT-
URDAY MATINEE.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
The Celebrated Wilson Family.
SPECIAL 1?O-MGHT!
THE AMATEURS IN SPECIALTIES
AND A
LADIES' WDITEWASHING CONTEST,
AFTER THE. VAUDEVILLE.
Ord<v Eeat« by Phone. Park 23.
. — ,
i7Tqr;iipp»Q- concert house.
Lart We»k of the LAMBARDI OPERA QUAR-
TET AND RIG. ABKAMOFF In Beenes From
"THE HUGUENOTS." MABEL MARTIN. \
Eopmno. and lMty!I« Underwood.
Reserved Scats. £>c. Matin* ¦ Sunday. I
indicates purity and perfection in brew-
ing. It has been used on more bottles
than any other label in the world. It is
found only on the famous bottling of
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
¦ , . St. Louis, U.S. A.
Brewers of the original Budweiser, Faust, Michelob, Anheuser-Standard,
, Pale-Lager, Export Pale, Black and Tan, Exquisite and Malt-Nutrine-!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.WEDNESDAY. June 27—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. f . - ;Birt.As>K.
"US Bond?— Eqult G L Co. • 3M •¦ 3% b
43 quar c0up.. 113 115% Mutual El Co. 12^ 13U i
4s do reg.V....114 114% O G L & H...V47& —
4s do cd new..134 l'HV* Pac Gas Imp.. 47 ¦4S
3s quar c0up.. 109 109^4 Pac U Co <3H 44V*
Miscellaneous— S F G & E. . . . 43% 48%
Cal-st Cab 55.. 119 — . Ban Krancisco. 4*s » ,
C,C Water-58.103% — Stkn G&ECo 10 !
Ed L & P C 5..128% — Insurance— - ,
F&CI Ry 65.. — 118 Flrem's Fund.223H —
Geary-st R ss. — W:• Bank Stocks—
H C & S 5%5. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. &H 70
Do 65' v ....... — — Bank of Cal... —r —
LA Ry 55.... — 106 Cal SD & T.. — 10«
LAXtCo 6s. — ' — ": First National — 290
Do gntd Bs.. — "••"— . Lon P & a.. ..131 133
L A gntd 55... 100 — Merchants'. Ex 15 —
LAPRR 6s. — ICa Nev .Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st • 65. .1H — -Savings Banks—
Do Ist M'5s.US%ll9 : Ger 8 & L.... 1830 —
NCJJGR7S. — U4 .; Hum-8 ft L.. — ,—
An advance in Contra Costa Water to $69
was, the only noteworthy, change on the morn-
Ing session of the Bond Exchange. Trading
was - quiet.'* .iSsHOKtSMSSSSiSesj*
The oil stocks were neglected.
¦' Business, was rather better in the afternoon,
with sales of - Gas and Electric up to' $48 75
and of . Giant Powder up to *87 SO.
STOCK AND - BOND ? EXCHANGE,
THE STOCK MARKET.
Nra; York Grain and Produce \
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — - July. Sept.
Opening 64% - 6 6
Closing 6 5 6 6%
. PARIS.
Wheat— June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 75 22 10
Closing 20 80. 22 15
Flour-
Opening 28 15 29 00
Closing 28 25 29 15
NEW YORK, June 27.— Porter Bros. Co. sales
California fruit: Plums— Climax, $2 10<352 40;
Burbank. 85c(ff$l €5; Peach, $1 25@1 30: Abund
ance, 65CS<fl 25; Imperial, 70c. Prunes—Trag
edy. $1 3O@l 60; Slmonl. $1 30S1 35 single crates
and 85c@$l in boxes. Peaches— St. John, $1 50
single crate. Pears— Comet. $1 90: Wilder. $1 65
QH 85 half box: Congress, $1 60. Apricots —
Koyals, 80c@*l 45; Montamet, $1 20; Moorpark,
$115. Cherries— Republicans. $1 15@1 35; Royal
Anne, 75ci@tl 15: Blgarreau, 90c; Tartarians, 35c.
Earl Fruit Co. sales; Apricots— Moorpark,
$1 20®l G5 single crates. Plums— Abundance, 80c
@$1 20 single crates; Burbanks. 85c® $1 40: Cly
mans. &s<§*oc; Mikado. 70c@$L10: Royal Ha
tlves, 70-g.SOc; Peach. $I©l 15 single crates.
Prunes— Slmonl, GaoftSl 40 single crates; Trag
edy. $1 3O@l 75. Cherries— Black Republicans.
$1 250-1 75 box;. Tartarians, $I@l 15; Royal
Anne, 85c<g$l 40. Nine cars fruit sold to-day.
CHICAGO, June 27.— Earl Fruit Co. sales
California fruit: Pears— Bartletts » averaged
*5 25. Peaches— Hale' s Early. 70c@»l 30 box.
Figs— Seven box, 35@$1 05. Plums— Abundance,
70c@$l 10 single crates; Mikado, 60@70c; Bur
banks, Goc<gsl 40. Prunes— B lmonf, 35c@$l 40
single crates; Tragedy. 80c@$2. •
Porter Bros. Co. sales: Peaches— St. John,
$170; Alexander. $130(3150; Hate's, $130^145
In boxes and $IT>5 In single crates; Governor
Garlands, 90cS'$l- Apricots— Moorpark, 70cS
$1 40; Royals, 7Oco>sl 35. Prunes— Tragedy. $1 05
@1 35; Simon), . 65c@Jl 25. Plums— Burbanks.
C3c@sl 35; Peach, 80c@$l 05: Abundance, 60@70c;
other varieties, Ds@7sc. Pears— Wilder, }1 30
half box; Congress, $1 30; Madeline, 65c. Eight
cars fruit sold to-day.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, June 27.— CATTLE— Receipts. 14.
000; market generally steady. * Natives— Best on
sale to-day, seven head at $5 70 and twenty-one
carloads at $5 CO: good : to prime steers, light
and medium weights, firm,' $5 10@E> 75; poor to
medium heavy, about steady, : $4 60®5;' selected
feeders, slow, $3 30ft 4 75; mixed stockers, weak,
lower, $3 15Q3 80; cows, $2 !«)<<] 4 30; heifers. $3@
4 75; canners, $2 20©2 75; bulls, steady, $2 75@
4 CO: calves, steady, t4 £o©6 60. Texans — Re
ceipts. C 00; best on ' sale to-day, two. carload*
at $4 20; Texas fed steers, ¦ steady, $4 30@5 15;
Texas grass steers, $3 Cogl 30; Texas bulls,
$2 7503 40. -?';;---
HOGS — Receipts • to-day, 25.000;.' to-morrow,
25,000, estimated: left over, 4000; active, -shade
higher; top, $5 27%; mixed and butchers',' ss 10@
6 27%; good to choice heavy, $4 20@6 27%; rough
heavy. $5 03(35 15; light,' $5 06@5 26: bulk of
sales. J5 17%-SS 22H. .^,
. SHEEP — Receipts,- 12,000; sheep and lambs,
choice, strong, others steady to ¦ slow; , good to
choice wethers, $4©4 75;. fair to choice mixed,
$3 25#4 10; Western sheep. $4 @ 4 65; Texas sheep,
J3 tea*: native lambs. ".. $5®6; . Western lambs.
J5 GO© 6; spring lambs, $4 60@6 50. ¦*• . ; "¦' :
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. June ; 27.— The American , "Wool -an>l
Cotton Reporter will 'cay to-morrow: ,
, Nothing; has ; occurred during the past : * vyeek
to relieve the market from the monotonous dull
ness which has prevailed for, ouch a' long period.
In : f act. the dullness has -¦ been ; intensified ] and
NEW YORK. June 27.— Money on call easy,
at 1«4®1% per cent; last loan. 1% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 3%@4 per cent. Ster
ling exchange, irregular, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 £»V«Q4 BC% for demand
and $4 83%5>4 83% for 60 days; posted rates.
$4 g£ and $4 S7%£p4 SS; commercial bills. $4 82%
Tf4 S3. Ear silver. 61*ic. Sliver certificates.
Ci 1 4@C3c. Mexican dollars, 4SUc. Government
bonds, steady.
Condition of tlie Treasury.
WASHINGTON. June 27.— T0-day's state
ment of the balance In the general fund, ex
cluelve of the $150,000,000 trold reserve in th«
division of redemption, shows.: Available cash
balance, $151,j;«,457; gold, $69,'613,69L
London Market.
NEW YORK. June 27.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
It took only half an hour at the opening of
the markets here to exhaust the buoyancy
caused by the news from China. Transactions
during the remainder of the session were on a
small ecale with an Inclination in prices to
ward heaviness.
CLOSING,
London began In Americans by continuing to
buy quiet, but stopped these operations on
noticing the steady sales In New York. T"he
bank sold 10,000 pounds gold In French ¦ coin
and loct $000 pounds for export.
Silver was quoted officially at 28% d, but late
dealings were at 28Hd.
LONDON. June 27.— Atchison, 25%: Canadian
Pacific, SIH: Union Pacittc preferred, -74%:
Northern Paclflc preferred. 73%; Grand Trunk,
C"i; Anaconda. 8%. Bar silver, strong. 28 9-lod
per ounce. Money, 1%£?2 per cent
ARRIVED.
';•',.-, Wednesday, June Xt.
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea. 73 hours from Ban
Pedro and way ports.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Wasbtenaw. Gllboy, S3 hours from. Ta
coma.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 33 hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Curacao. Yon Helms. 10 days from
Guaymas. via Ensenada 60 hours.
Schr Emma Utter. Allen, S day 3 from Grays
Harbor.
Ger stmr Serapis, Rlchert, 106 days from
Hamburg and way ports, via San Diego 2 days.
Br ship Thalatta. Partridge, 72 days from
Sydney.
Bktn Addenda, Olsen. 33 hours from Knapp
ton.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, June 27.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea, San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka: Goodall. Per
klna & Co.
Stmr Australia. Honolulu; J D Spreckela A
Bro3 Co.
Nor snnr Universe, Egenes. Chemalnus; R
Dunsmuir Sons Co.
Schr Helene. Christiansen. Honolulu; J X>
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday. June J7.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, Albion.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Australia. Lawless. Honolulu.
Stmr Clecne. Ma£sen. Caspar.
Stmr Progreso, Zoliing, Tacoma.
Stmr Whitesboro. Olaen. Greenwood.
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. I'sal.
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson. Bowena Landing.
Schr Helene. Christiansen. Honolulu.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Nyman. Coos Bay.
* TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 27. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity IS miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 27— Stmr Tilla
mook. from Fort Rracc
CAPE NOME— Arrived June 10— Bktn Cather
ine Sudden, henca April 2S. In tow of stmr
Corwln.
To sail June 13— Stmrs Albion and Aloha, for
SEATTLI— SaiIed June 26— Ital bark Loth
air, for Callao; Br ship Mount Stuart, for
United Kingdom: bark Germanla, for San
Francisco; stmr Jeanle. for Cape Nome.
Arrived June 28 — Stmr Rosalia, from Skag
uay. i
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived -June 27— Br ship
Xrocp. from Pert Townsend.
ASTORIA— SaiIed June 27— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco: Ger ship Mabel
Rlckraers. for Queens town.
Arrived June 27— Stmr Del Norte. henc»
June 23.
TACOMA— Sailed June T7— Schr William Ren
ton, for Port Los Angeles. •
EUREKA— Arrived June 27— Schr Sparrow,
hence June 17.
Sailed June 27— Schr Lottie Carson, for .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 27— Stmr
Mlneola. from Nanaimo.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 26— Stmr Alamo,
from Colon.
Sailed June 2ft-Ptmr Finance, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived prior to June 23— Br ship
Imberhorn. from Liverpool.
'MAZATLAN— Sailed June to— Stmr Acapulco.
for Sar« Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS. jfl^Pq
GLASGOW— Arrival June 27— Stmr Boenos
Ay res. from Montreal: stmr Ethiopia, from.
New York. • '
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 27— Stmr Sax
onia from Liverpool, for Boston.
NEW YORK-Arrived June 27— Stmr Majes
tic, from Liverpool.
Sailed June 27— Stmr St Paul, for Southamp
ton: stmr Germanic, for Liverpool; stmr West
ernland. for Antwerp.
LIVERPOOL-Arrived June 27— Stmr Lake
Huron and Lake Superior, from Montreal; stmr
Sylvania, from Bcst%n.
Sailed June J7— Stmr Delgenland. for Phila
delphia.
MOVlLLE— Arrived June 27— Stmr Sardinian,
from New York, for Glasgow.
failed June 27— Stmr Lake Mesantlc. from
Uwrrool. for Montreal.
LONDON— Arrived June 27— Stmr Manlton.
from New York.
HONGKONG— SaiIed June 28-Stmr Bremer.
for Portland, Or. »
SOUTHAirPTON— SaiIed June 57— Stmr Laha.
from Bremen, for New York, Tla Cherbourg.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to Chris
tine P Donohoe, lot on N line of Broadway.
68:9 E Of Fillmore street. E 34:4V4. N 137:6, E
7:5%. N 137:6. W 26:11, S 137:6. W 14:11. S
137:6; .
John D. and Sarah Fry to Joseph Seeley.
lot on N line of Vallejo street. 165 W of Web
ster. W 40 by N 137:6; Jiff.
Maybelle Naphtaly twife of Samuel L.) to
Lillian L. McCarthy (wife of E. A.), re-record
1815 D 51, lot on N line of Broadway, 50 W
of Steiner. W 2:6 by N 137:6; »10.
E Avery and Lillian L. McCarthy to Anna
M Barnes, lot on W line of Steiner street.
137:6 N of Broadway, S 52:6 by W 52:6; $10.
Same to same, lot on W line of Steiner street,
85 N of Broadway, S 10 by W 52:6, to be kept
as a lawn; JlO.
E. Avery McCarty to Lillian L. McCarty.
lot on NW corner of Broadway and Steiner
street. N 75 by W. 52:6. Quitclaim deed; $10.
W. H. L. Barnes to same (wife), lqt on W
line of Steiner street, 137:6 N of Broadway.
S 62:6 by W 52:6, .quitclaim deed: $10.
M and Fredericka Ehrman to Albert M.
rtosenbaum. lot on N line of Jackson street,
137:6 W of Pierce, W 34:4% by N 127:8 Vi: $10.
John and Sophie K. Bruckman to C. A. Dorn,
lot on N line of Fell street, 31:3 W of Central
avenue (Lott) W 25 by N 100; $10.
David Lawler to David A. Lawler, lot on
E line of Albion avenue (Harriet street), 176
N of Sixteenth, N 25, E 91:6. S 25. W 92; gift.
Sarah McGlinchey to Mary J. Connolly, lot
on E line of Chattanooga street. 203 S of Twen
ty-first, S 26 by E 125; also lot on W line of
Clara avenue, 252 N of Eighteenth street. N
25 by W 136; also lot on N line of A street. 32 :b
"\V of Eighteenth avenue, W 25 by N 100; gift
Ermina Maggtni (Brizzolara. wife of Charles)
to Agostina. Sinibaldo. Eugenia, Adolph and
Angelo Brizzolara and Matilda Granucci (Brtz
rolara), undivided one-twelfth Interest In the
following: Lot on E line of Wetmore place.
62:6 S of Washington. S 25 by E 40; also lot
on 8 line of Wsshlncton street, 2S E of Wet
more place, E 2S by S 87:6; also undivided cne
half Interest In lot on SE corner of Washington
street and Wetmore place, E 28 by S 62:6; also
property outstde of coufrty; 110.
Board of Trustees of Calvary Presbyterian
Church and Congregation of San Francisco to
A. S. Baldwin, lot on NW corner of Geary
and Powell streets. ,W 137:6 by N 97:6; $240,C00.
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to Mary B.
Harrison (wife of Francis B.) and Charles T.
and Jennie A. Crocker, same; $240,000.
Estate Enaelle A. Chavanne (by B. E. Anger
and J. D. Fricot. executors) to Charles R.
Bishop, lot on SW corner of Eddy and Taylor
streets,' W. 137:6 by S 137:6; $150,500.
Catherine Murta to Alice M and Mary J.
Murta, lot on SE line of Silver street. 175 SW
of Third. SW 37:6 by SE SO; also lot on W
line of York street, 104 S cf Twenty-third S
26 by W 1C0; gift.
August and Maria L. Muller to Gottlieb
Jaepti. lot on E line, of Naples street 125 N
of India. N 25 by E 100. block 51. Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
James Collins to Michael and Patrick Glvnn
lot on W line of Isls street. 132:5% N of Thir
teenth. N 26:2* i. W 75. S 27:11**. E 73; $10.
Sarah MeGli#:hy to James McGllnchy, lot on
W line of Church street. 89 S of Twenty-eighth
S 25 by W 1C0: gift.
George W. and Marie C. Brown to Gustave
-H. Umbsen. lot on S line of Twenty-fourth
street, 100 E of Douglass, E 25, S 114. W 125 N
24, E 100, N 90: $10. ~T,™
Adele S. and John N. Cretien to S. A. Brooks
lot on S line of Clay street. 80 E of Front E
40 by S 64:6; JlO. "
Board of Trustees of Calvary. Presbyterian
Church and Congregation of San Francisco to
Mary B. Harrison and Charles T. and Jennlo
A. Crocker, lot on W line of Powell street 97-6
N of Geary. N 40 by W 137:6, quitclaim deed
$10. .--¦" ' '• ¦ '
Jennie B. Greenwood to Monroe Greenwood
Estate Company, lot on E line of Fifth avenue.
125 N of California street. N 75 by E 120; $10
Monroe Greenwood Estate Company to Jennie
B. Greenwood, lot on E line of Fifth avenue
300 S of Lake street/S 50 by E 120; $10.
Cora W. and James A. Morton to HenryE
Larson, lot on . E line of Thirty-fifth avenue
£0 S of Clement street. S 25 by E 107; $10
Louis Eetacaille to Peter P. Koopman, lot on
E line of Ban Jose avenue. 77 S of Brook street
S 23, E «2:7%, N 23. W 53:4. Precita Valley lot
394; »10.
Ellen Cosgrove to Katie M. Ccsgrove lot "V
line St] Roses street, 90 E of Ferrle (Blake) E
25 by N. ICO; $10.
Letitla M.. Ada C, John W.. Mary N. Joseph
R. and Charlea B^Ryland, ¦ Harriet C. O'Keefe
Dwight S. and Calus T. Ryland to Lexington
Realty Company (a corporation), lot SW cor
ner McAllister and Polk streets. -S 120. "W 13'S
$10
- Henry F. (or Harry F.) and Norine McGur
ren to Leon and " Vlctorine Levy, lot N line
t Turk street, 220 E of Franklin, E 27:0 by N 120
$lO. .> v ¦ r
John McAllister to Martraret McAllister, tot
W line .Van Ness avenue. 75 S of Filbert street
S 25 by W 110:3; gift. *
Adeline N. Belcher to A. Miles Taylor, lot
NE corner Halght and Broderick streets N
112:6 by E 47:6; $10. '
Louis and" Jennie Kriedlander to Henry H.
Lynch, lot N line Ha licht street, 220 W of Ba
ker, W 27 by N 137:6; $10.
Builders', Contracts.
Narcisse and :E. . Sattlc-Simon (owners) with
J. H. Haghes (contractor), architect C. M. Rouj
teau—Ail work - for one-story and basement
frame bulldlns on NW line of Palmer street.
121 NE of Misuel.-NE 25 by NW 78. block 11.
Falrmnunt; $1035.' .- . ¦
Cnarlcs Hackmelster , (owner) ' with, Fred W.
TO SAIL.
Nc~jl' York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, June 27.— Prices failed to hold
in to-day's etock market and after an early
period of advar.ee turned generally downward
until the average level had fallen to below that
of last night. There was some irregularity in
the movement as among the industrials and
railroads, but the tone of the market during
the latter part of the day was undeniably
heavy- The irregularity consisted in the bet
ter resistance to the depression offeYed by some
etocks. This was true of the steel stocks and
of the coalers, the latter being affected by a
good showing of earnings for May by the Krle
and the Reading comparjes, by the announce
ment of an advance In the price of coal by
the Reding #:orr.pany ar.d by reports that
other companies would follow suit. Some of
the soft coal roads were also st-ong on the
rood conditions in that trade. I?ut the m rail
road list as a whole gravitated downward
quite heavily. The buying demand which was
in evidence yesterday and the day before and
frcm which much was hoped in rallying prices
showed increasing indifference and lassitude
at the higher level attained. The course of
the market was a striking tSEtlmony of the
dominance of the crop prospects as an in
fluence on prices. London and the European
bourses were ail higher on the reports from
cbroad cf the rescue of the foreign legations
by Adrr.iral Seymour's force at Peking and
the opening here was strong In pympathy. But.
the growing need of money did not avail to
hold prices in face of the rally in the wheat
market, which was accepted aa a plain inti
mation that the reaction in that market was
purely technical in its cause and that there
was no subsidence of apprehension of ex
tensive damage to the crop. The Hay state
ment of net earnings of the St. Paul Company
had a cumulative effect on sentiment in con
nection with the crop damage reports and all
of the pram carrying fared badly.
Northern Pacific was most affected and showed
an extreme decline of nearly 2 points. Great
Northern preferred lost 1% net. St.. Paul's
increase in operating expenses for May of over
17 per cent was a discouraging evidence of the
Inroads made by higher prices of material upon
the cost of operating railroads. The growing
ease of the money market In face of the pend
ing July 1 settlement is an agreeable surprise
to the speculative world. Not only do call
loans continue easy, but time loan rates were
quotably lower to-day notwithstanding the
fact that the sub-treasury b&» absorbed nearly
J2.000.000 from the market since last Friday
and that the dividend and Interest disburse
ments which must be arranged for at the
beeinnlr.g cf the fiscal year approaching are
the largest In the history of the country. The
total Is estimated at over $100,000,000.
Business in bonds was email, but prices were
much better held ¦ relatively than in stocks.
Total Bales, par value, tLOSO.OOO.
United States bonds were unchanged In the
X.I Quotations.
NEW TORK BTOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
sold. Stock— bid.
S.ISO Atchison 24%,
:5.175 Atchiscn prefd ~ 70%
25.85J Baltimore & Ohio C 3%
2-J0 Canadian Pacific £b%
510 Canada Southern 49
CZO Chesapeake & Ohio ....i 24%
8:9 Chlcaro Great Western 30-4
15.250 Chi, Bur & Qulncy 132 Vi
........ Chicago Ind &. Loulrrtlle IS '
Chi. Ind &. Louisville prefd 48
Chicago & East Illinois 85
150 Chicago & Northwestern 151
2.52J Chi. Itock Island & Pac 103%
100 C C C & fit Louis „ £5%
SCO Colorado Southern 6%
100 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 40
Colorado Southern 2d prefd. ...». 15%
Delaware & Hudson 110
300 Del. Lack & Western 177
SlO Denvtr & Rio Grande 17%
SCO Denver & Rio Grand prefd €fi%
» Erie 11
210 Erie Ist prefd : 22%,
ITS Great Northern prefd 146
....... Hocking Coal 11%
800 Hocking Valley 34
Illinois Central 110%
100 lowa Central 17%
lowa Central prefd 43
300 Kans City, Pitts & Gulf H
100 Lake Erie & Western 2G%
„ Lake Erie & Western prefd !sS
Lake fhore iOB%
1.210 lyouisville & Nashville 74T4
1.650 Manhattan L So\i
f-30 Metropolitan Street Railway 146
2.210 Mexican Central 12%
IUO Minn & St Louis 4S'/i
100 Minn & St Louis prefd sn
S.SQS Missouri I'ar.iQc 47%
Mobile & Ohio 23
«00 Missouri. Kans & Texas 9%
iliESOuri, Kans & Texas prefd 29%
2T.0 New Jersey Central Vt3%
!/'33 New York Central 127
1,000 Norfolk & Western 31%
Z2i Norfolk «t Western prefd 7i%
2C.4'.^» Northern Pacific 43=i
2,575 Northern Pacific prefd 70% i
£u0 Ontario & Wert«rn.r.: is£
....... Oregon Ry <Sr Nn.v 42
Orccoa H>" &¦ Nay j>refd 7S
&.S2O Pennsylvania 125%
350 Reading 10
:.M; Heading lft prefd 50*4
100 Reading Id prefd S7
. nioOrar.de Western SS<~.
Kio Orande Western prefd S7V,
4CO St Louis fz San Fran 9
St Louis & San Fran l?t prefd &~>
if.O St Louis Si San Fran Zd prefd ZVi
400 S?t Louif. Southwestern oia
Sf» Pt Loui*. Southwestrn prefd 23£
S.J2O St Paul 109>4
305 tit Paul preid \b) n
...;.*„ Ht Paul & Omaha US
2.7^0 80-jlh^rn Pacific 31v«
ZOO Southern Ra-ilrray .' 11
• 1.570 • Southern Ita l! way, prefd
l.fcfl Texas A- Pacific 13* i
¦5,526 Union rneifie ;.X."Vnn".V.r.... 43%
2.475 Union' Partite prefd 71%
? Wabash 70
8210 Wabath r-r«'d 171*
1,760 Wheeling &.L E ".: E»4
100 -.Vhee:ir.K & L E 2d pr».'d 22
6'jO WiMxmeiD Central 13Vi
Kxpi^w Companies —
Adams ..11A
EASTERN MARKETS.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight. — 4 84Vi
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 4 S7Vi
Sterling Cables — 4 SS
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 61? i
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool and Paris futures were
lower. Liverpool spot was 6d lower, but thera
was some demand and more disposition to buy.
The English country markets were firm at an
advance of 2s. '
Chicago was feverish,' opening at 81% c, ad
vancing to 84% c, declining to 83% c and closing
at ES%c, There was % of an Inch of rain at
Moorhead and light showers were reported In
Manitoba, but there was no general rain any
where, and the light fall was too late for ma
terial benefit. Minnesota reported light scat
tered showers, too late to be of service. Kan
sas is the last State to complain of the weather,
and yesterday wired apprehensions of damage
to the corn crop, as It was very hot there, with
rain needed In some sections. The Government's
weekly bulletins confirm private reports.
Snow estimates the entire crop at 460,000,000
bushels, and gives the showing of winter wheat
as follows: Ohio, 23; Indiana, 29; Michigan, 40;
Missouri, 90; Kansas, 96; Nebraskr., 75; Wis
consin. 75, these being declines of from 3 to 33
points from last report.
.. Corn was quoted strong owing to the bullish
reports from Kansas, and there was a good
shipping demand. On Tuesday 1,000,000 bushels
were taken at Chicago for export. •
The feeling at Chicago was nervous. There
was a good deal of stop order selling at the
opening, but later on the feeling was better,
and operators began to think the break over.
There was good buying of August below S3c.
Minneapolis edvanced l%c. Trading was enor
mous. Operators expect an erratic market
until the July trades are all closed out. - -
Futures on the local market opened 3c higher,
but fell back somewhat. Spot prices were off,
and the shippers were considerably at sea.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 0»%; milling, $110
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal, Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
44,000 ctls. $1 17: 40, 000. $1 17%.
Second Session— December— Booo ctls, $1 16T4:
14.0C0, $1 17.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2o,ooo
ctls, v 16%.
Afternoon Session — December 2000 ctls.
$1 16%; 2000, $1 16%; 10,000. $1 16T4; 12,000, $1 17.
BARLEY— The market continued weak and
dun. with a slight decline on call.
Feed, 70@72%c for No. 1 and 65@67%c for off
grade's; Brewing and shipping grades, 75580 c;
Chevalier, nominal. ¦
CALfc BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning • Session— December— 2ooo
ctls. 73% c. ,
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS — There Is a fair demand and the feeling
is firm. Offerings are mostly reds and grays.
White, $1 10@1 ? 30: Surprise, $1 22%@1 25; Jrted
$1 10@l 20; Gray, $1 07%@l 15; Black, $I@l 07%
per ctl.
CORN— Eastern large Tellow, $1 17%@1 20 per
ctl; Eastern White, $1 17%@1 20 per ctl; Mixed,
$1 15@1 17%.
RYE-S7%c for new and 92@95c for old.
faUCKWM EAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 W&Z 50; Oregon
a»d Washington, $2 75@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and $3 15^3 50 for bakers'; Eastern. $4 60
<go 60 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Ryu
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 60; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny, $3 50i@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4SJ4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $6®
7 25. in sacks. $5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $5; Spin
Peas. $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There Is no further change In Hay or Feed
stuffs. Offerings of both are ample for all
needs. < / . '¦'/''•%
BRAN— $l3®l3 60 per ten.
MIDDLINGS— |I7<g2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $16®17 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill, $28@27: jobbing,
127 10Q2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21: Corn Meal.
J24 60: Cracked Corn, $25; Mixed Feed, $16.
HAT— Wheat, $7 50^9 60 for common to good,
$10 for choice: Wheat and Oat, J7 50@fl 50; Oat,
16 OOfjS; Alfalfa, $5@7 60 per ton.
NEW HAT— Volunteer, »4 50®6 E0: Wheat.
»6 COSS; Clover, 14 51)^6; Alfalfa, J3Q7; Barley,
$4 60@6 50 per ton.
STRAW— 2S@37%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
. Previous prices rule for all descriptions, with
slow demand.
BEANS— Bayos, J2 85@3; Small White. $3 250
3 40; large 'White, $2 75@3: Pink. »2 50@2 90;
Red. 12 50@3; Blackeye, .»3 60®3 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 80@5 40; Pea, *3 40@3 50; Red
Kidneys. *4®4 60.,
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, * nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax, 11 90®2 20; Canary. 3%c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape, . 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4%c; Timo
thy. 4@4%C. ¦
• DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2 25@2 60; Green, $2 25
©2 60 per ctl. ' i-
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions stand about the same.
There is no scarcity in either, though the mar-,
ket could stand a few more yellow Onions.' The
supply. of Vegetables,' except Com and Toma
toes, continues large. • - ¦ ..
'« POTATOES— Oregon Burbanks, 65tf?85e: New
Early Rose. 40® 50c; New Burbanks, 40@75c per
Ctl. . ' -".•>'! ¦¦¦ ¦¦:':>¦¦ -. /•• ;.'.;.
-ONIONS— New Red, EOi3>7sc ; Sllversklns, *1@
$1 10 per ctl. . : . : ;
VBGETABLES— Gr»en .Corn. 75cif?Jl 25 per
sack and crate • for Vacaville, 85c@$l s per crate
for Berkeley and $1 25© 1 50 for Alameda; Rhu
barb, 15S/Ssc.per box". lAspamirus. W)r-ifs| 7f>.|>er
box for common to choice and ?2@2 50 for fancy
large; Green P»'a!>, $l*i»l 60. -per sack: String
Beans, 2%@4c: Cabbage, 40*Jf 50c; Tomatoes, 50®
90c;' Rivers, $1 75@2; , Egg Plant,- C@Gc; Green
Okra, 20c; ' Green • Peppers, | Be ' for Chili - and ¦ BGI
12%c for. Bell; Dried. Peppers, 8@10c; Carrots,
254}35c per sack; Summer Squash... 25c per box
for : Vacaville and 40@50c for Alameda; Cucum
bers. EO@7sc for Alameda and 25©35 c per box for
Marysville'; new Garlic/ 2<g3c per lb.
Poultry. and Game.
A, car of . Eastern : came In. The market c . is
lightly, supplied and firm.. V " *
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gobblers
«ndill®l2Hc":for Hens: ' Geese.' -¦ ocr *- pair. $1:
Goslings,: Sljfl 50; Ducks,' $494 60: for old and
*4®5 for -young; Hena, J4@s; young Roosters,
JsVlfcj y?HßA'.' ' , : issss—4 — f i Jin ii i ~-f A i f-iiviita fVV'Wiili-*f#--'toi-'i n
LOCAL MARKETS.
if , :: — *.
CHICAGO, June 27.-The liquidation which
set in Monday had not quite spent Itself last
night and some fag ends of It tumbled Into
the wheat pit at the beginning of business to
day. This, together with some declines in
Liverpool cables, caused easiness early. July
opened unchanged to Vie up at 82c to 82^4c
and quickly sold off to 81% c At this point
the liquidation took the form of scattered sell
ing. The demand was excellent from the
Northwest and the seaboard and sold out bulls
were also active In replenishing their stocks.
The remainder of the session consequently was
strong. Compared with recent sessions trade
was quiet, the rally was gradual and the best
price was not reached until afternoon, when
July perched at 84% c. The bulge brought out
profit-seeking stuff and a dip to 53% followed,
but the market quickly recovered to 83% c, and
closed firm, July l%c over yesterday at 83% c.
Liverpool, following her opening weakness,
turned strong. There was light rain In the
Northwest, but the opinion is general that the
Northwest crop- is practically beyond hope.
Corn did not share in the early weakness of
wheat, but readily responded to Its later
strength.*' The fear of possible damage to
growing corn from excessive heat or some
other cause was aggravated by reports of very
high temperatures in parts of Kansas, Okla
homa and Missouri. July closed l%c up.
Oats were strong. Trade was rather quiet
and the other grains were the chief Influence.
July closed a shade over yesterday at 25% c.
Provisions were strong and fairly active,
helped some by the grain strength, but chiefly
by a good outside demand. Jaly pork closed
52% c over yesterday, lard 22% c better and ribs
22^40 improved. Trade Is gradually shifting to
the September delivery and in this option pork
closed &0c higher and lard and ribs each
20c up.
The leadinc futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. 2—
June S2T4
July 82Vi 84% Sl% 83%
August 83%, 85H 82%, S4Ts
Corn No. 2—2 —
June 41% 42% 41% 42%
July 41% 43% 41% 42%
August 42% 44} A 42% 43%
Oats No. 2—
July 24% 25H 24% 25H
August ../..... 25% 26% 25% 25%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 12 40 12 80 12 40 12 80
September 12 62% 13 03 12 60 13 02%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July 690 7 02% 690 7 02%
September 7 05 7 20 7 05 7 17%
October 715 7 22% 7 12% 720
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
July 7 05 7 20 7 05 7 20
September 7 15 7 80 7 15 7 30
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. 3 spring wheat. So@S2c: No. 2 red. S4'/4@Ssc;
No. 2 corn. 42T»'g43Hc; No. 2 yellow, 42%!g43%0;
No. 2 oats, 25%® 26c; No. 2 white. 27%®:7%c:
No. 3 white, 27(fi2Sc; No. 2 rye, 61@61»4c; good
feeding barley, 3S@39c; fair to choice- malting,
43ti lie: No. 1 fiaxeeed, $1 SO; No. 1 Northwest
ern. $1 SO; mess pork, per barrel. $11 65@12 80;.
lard, per 300 pounds, J6 90@7 02%; short ribs
sides (loose), $6 95®7 25; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). C%^7c; short clear sides (boxed). $7 50
®7 CO: whisky, basis of high wines. $1 23; clo
ver, contract crade, IS.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 43.000 13,000
Wheat, bushels 104,000 21.000
Corn, bushels 753.000 236.000
Oats, bushels 620.C00 207,000
Rye. bushels 2.000 31.000
Barley, bushels 20.000 3.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market -was strong; creamery, 14gi9c; dairy,
13<?16%c. Cheese, steady; 8%@9%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, lie.
Sun rises ..4:50
Sun sets 7:33
Moon rlsea 8:37 p. m.
NOTE— la the above exposition of the tides
tha early moroln? tide* axe given la the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
¦ecosd time, column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column elves th«
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, aa sometimes occurs. The heights
rives are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Surrey charts, except
who* a minus sign (— ) precedes the heijeht.
•cd then the number (riven is subtracted from
the depth riven by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the m»«n of the Imrwr low w»tw*.
Chicago Grain Market.
Charters.
Weather Report.
The Crown cf India was chartered prior to
Arrival for wheat or baxJey to Europe, S7s 64.
(UOth Meridian— Pacific Tlrse.)
SAN FRANCISCO. J-ne 27, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures 'were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka €3 Red Bluff M
Mount Tamalpals. ... 76 Sacramento S6
Independence ... SS San Luis Oblspo 74
FORECAST
Fresno 100 San Diepo 68
Los A.:geles 7S
Ban Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C 5: minimum. El: mean. 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
southern half of the Pacific Slope. There has
aJto been a fall In Arizona and the valley of
the Colorado. Rain has fallen In Northern
Texas and in Arizor.a. A thunder-storm is re
pi.ried at Flagstaff.
The disturbar.ee !n the Southwest is probably
connected with the disturbance in the Missouri
Valley and is not a Fiona of the Sonora type.
The follow! r.s maximum wind velocities are re
ported: Point Reyes, SO mile? from the north
west; El Paso. 44 miles from the northeast.
Fng Is repone<! alor.s the coast of Northern
California.
Forecast mafic at Psn Francisco for thirty
fccurs, ending midnight. June CS, -19C0:
Northern California— Fair Thursday In the in
teri&r; cloudy along the coast; fresh northwest
\rin&
Southern California— Fair Thursday.
Nevada— Fair Thursday. »
Utah— Fair Thursday; r,ot so warm.
Arizona— Cloudy. unsettleJ weather Thurs
day. -Kith occaFior.al light showers.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thureday;
trtsk westerly winds with fog.
AI-EXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
American — 150
United States 45
Wells Fargo 120
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil 80ft
American Cotton Oil prefd 89
100 American Malting '. 8
- 100 American Malting prefd 18
American Smelting & Ref 80%
230 American Smelting &. Ref prefd 86%
American Spirits 1%
American Spirits prefd 17
1.140 American Steel Hoop IS
American Steel Hoop prefd 65
2,620 American Steel & Wire SO
1.170 American Steel & Wire prefd 69%
I.fOO American Tin Plate 18^
1.599 American Tin Plate prefd 72
2,370 American Tobacco 86
American Tobacco prefd 129
1,250 Anaconda Mining Co 39%
1 34.770 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 64^
Colorado Fuel & Iron 30**
$30 Continental Tobacco 22»4
400 Continental Tobacco prefd 75H
6,250 Federal Steel S0&
100 Federal Steel prefd 62
General Electric 127
Glucose Sugar 45
Glucose Sugar prefd 97
100 International Paper 22U
200 International Paper prefd 64%
Laclede Gas 70
100 National Biscuit 28
National Biscuit prefd 79»i
National Load .: 19%
National Lead prefd 95
1.600 National Steel 22
ISA National Steel prefd 80%
22"> New York Air Brake 122
1.050 North American 14%
100 Pacific Coast &0
Pacific Coaft Ist prefd 80
pacific Coast 2d prefd 60
C> Taciflc Mall 26%
2,859, People's Gas Soii
400. Pressed Steel Car 42%
Pressed Steel Car prefd 73
Pullman Palace Car 176
Standard Rope & Twine 4%
17.ST*) Sugar 112
100 Sugar prefd 114
4.355 Tennessee Coal & Iron 64
2.573 United States Leather 8U
800 United States Leather prefd 66
400 United States Rubber 25
125 United States Rubber prefd 92
•• Western Union 7514
355 Republic Iron & Steel 9%
E3S Republic Iron & Steel prefd 60%
P C C & St Louis 60
330 Third Avenue 109
256.300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
US 2s ref reg. L& N Uni 4s 100H
when Issued 102% M X & T 2ds 66V4
D? coup 103U Do 4s :.. 89
US 2s res 1W N V Cent lsts llltt
Do 2s 109HIN J Cent sen 55..122
Do 3s couo 109 jN P is CCVi
Do new 4s reg. .134 ( Do 4s 103%
Do coup 134 SyCft St L 48.106
Do old 4s reg 114 N& W con 45.... 95%
Do coup 115 Or Nay lsts 103
Do os reg 113 Do 4s 102
Do coup 113 OS Line 6s 127H
Dis of Col 3.65« 123 Do con 5s 113?*
Atchison gen 45....1f«)^ Reading Gen 45.... 88
Do adjt 4s S2VJJR Q W lsts 93vi
Canada Southern |S Li I M con ss. 110
2ds. offered 107 SL& S F Gen 65.125
C & O 4sjs 95% St Paul- con 163*5
Do 5s ..IISVs St P C & P lsts..im»
C & X con 7s 140 Do 5s 119^
Do deb Es 120 S P '4s 78H
Chicago Term 45.. 95 So Ry 5s liOhi
Colo Sou 4s 84Hl6tandard R & T 6s 70
D & R G lsts lOl^iTex &• Pac 15t5. ...110^4
D & R G 4s 99h| Do 2ds 57
E T Va & Ga lsts.lO3>*! Union Pac 4s 105T4
Erie Gen. 4s 70 Wabash' lsts 114V4
Ft W & D C lsts. 70 Do 2ds 100
Gen Elec 6s 117% West Sh,ore 45.. ..1134
lowa Cent lsts ....112 Wi s Cent lsts .... 90
X C P & G lsts.. 66 IVa Centuries 914
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15' Ontario 6 73
Crown Point 07Ophlr «
Con Cal & Va 1 45' Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 ; Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 19! Do prefd 700
Hale & Norcross.. 23iSierra Nevada .... 25
Homestake 50 00 ; Standard 375
Iron Silver ESlUnion Con 17
Mexican 18iYe!low Jacket .... OS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— (Union Pacific 49%
Call loans 2>4-g3V4 West End 92
Time leans 3Vi'S'4 I Bonds-
Stocks— . Atchison 4s 99%
A T & St Fe.... 24% N E Gas & Coke. 61
Do rrefd 70»i Mining Shares—
Amer Sucar 112 Adventure t
Do prefd 113% Amal Copper ..... 85%
Bell Tel 295 Atlantic 22
Boston & Albany. 242 Boston & M0nt... 285
Boston L 136 Butte & 805t0n.... 61
Chi Bur & Q 122% Calumet & Hecla.7lB
Dominion Coal 37 Centennial 1-8
Do rrefd 113%'Franklln 12Vi
Federal Steel .... SOVi jOseeola .¦ 59
Fltchburg prefd. ..l3sVi Parrot 38»i
Ed Elec 111 205 ;Quin.-y 13»
Mcx Cent 12*g; Santa Fe Copper.. 4%
Mich Tel 90 (Tamarack 176
N E Gas & Coke. 15 Utah Mining. 25
Old Colony 200 Wlnona 2%
Old Dominion IS i Wolverines J5%
Rubber 25 I
Neiv York Money Market.
United States Ccut and Geodetic Survey—
Tlmea and Heights of H!st> and ' Low
Waters at Fort Point, eatraace to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
. NOTE— Th« high and low waters occur at
th« city front (Mlsalon-str««t wharf) about
tw«nty-n>e mloutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide U the tarns at both places.
THURSDAY. JUNE 23.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Time Ball
Branch HydrcrrapMc Offlce. C. 3. N.. Mer
• chant*' Fichange, San Francisco. Cal..
June 27. 1000.
The time bii. on the tower of the new Vvrrw
building was dropped at exactly noon, to-day —
I. •? at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at i
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C O. CALKTN3.
Llentenant Commander. U. S. N.. In ehane.
Silver continues to advance. Exchange steady.
Wheat unsettled, but rather stronger on call.
Barley dull and easy. Oats and Corn firmly Jield.
Hay and Fcedstuffs as previously quoted.
Beans and Seeds dull and nominal.
Potatoes and Onions steady.
Butter and Eggs continue in free supply and dull.
Poultry market ivcll cleaned up and steady.
Fresh and Dried Fruits about as before.
Nothing nczv in Provisions. '-^J$
Meat market unchanged.
Local slocks rather more active.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
with prices 20 to 30 points higher; total. sales,
33,000 bags, including July. $7 15@7 25: August.
$. 35; September, $7 45@7 GO: October, $7 45; No
vember, $7 &o@7 15; December, $7 70@7 75. Spot
Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice, S%c; mild, quiet;
Cordova. 9Vi@l3.Hc.
SUGAR — Raw.' strong: refined, strong.
BUTTER— Receipts. 9130 packages; market
firm: creamery, 17@i9c; factory. 14@16Uc.
EGGS— Receipts, 3419 packages; market ir
regular; Western ungraded, loss off, 14c; West
ern ungraded, at mark. 10l5>12Hc.
DJtIED FRUITS.
Business was of a hand-to-mouth order in
evapo*ated apples to-day, with sellers having
the upper hand. The close was easy but at
unchanged prices. California dried fruits were
Inactive and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
ZlWhc; prime. s%@sHc; choice, ¦b%Qd%c; fancy.
7fe'7ttc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— SH@7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12H@14c; lloorpaxk, 15
@>18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 16@20c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. June 27.— 1n sympathy with a
drop of some £6 15s for spot and £1 10s in
futures at London the local market for tin
eased off considerably and closed - weak at
$S0 20^30 62%. Lake copper ruled quiet and
unchanged at $16 50. Lead was rather un
settled on the basis of $4 22U©4 27& Spelter
was tolerably steady In tone but unchanged
as to prices on the basis of $4 20@4 25. Pig
Iron warrants were weak and nominally quoted
at $14 £5. The brokers' price for lead was
$4 10 and for copper $16 25.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
the volume of business transacted Is the small
est recorded In any one week for several years,
the entire sales being only 952,000 pounds.
Prices are Irregular and , unsettled. Taken as
a whole. In the West the farmers are aa firm
In their views as ever, and as a" result very
little wool has been purchased by the Eastern
trade. Everyone is now anxiously awaiting th«
opening of the lightweight goods and the Lon
don wool gales, where slightly lower prices are
expected to prevail. The sales /of the week
in Boston amounted to 907,000 pounds domestic
and 45,000 pounds foreign making a total of
952,000 pounds, against a total of 1,484,000 for
the previous week, and a total of 6,113,800 for
the corresponding week last year. 3 The sales
since January ¦ Ist amount to 67.653.100 pounds,
against 124,638,200 pounds for the corresponding
time last , year.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June" 27.— Options in to-day's
cotton market were at sixes and sevens, with
speculation as a whole on a smaller scale than
since the present bull movement set in. The
average of news was strongly bullish, but the
best minds in the trade expressed the fear that
shorts had fully covered up their tracks . and
left an enormous long Interest to be unloaded.
After an early rise of S©ll points the market
closed steady at a net rise of lSjll points.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, June 27.— Clearings, $246,453;
balances, $43,050.
Northern Wheat Market.
OP.EGON,
PORTLAND, June 27.— The wheat, market Is
steady, but hleh freights prevent top prices.
Walla Walla and Valley are quoted at 60c and
Blutstem at 62c
WASHINGTON
: TACOMA, June 27.— Wheat %c lower. Blue
stem, 60% c; Club, BBV4c, both for export.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. June 27.-Consols. 100 13-16® 1001,;
silver, 2S*£d; French Rentes, IOOf 32»£c@100f 35c;
cargoes on passage, Gd lower: No. 1 standard
California. 22s 6d; Walla Walla, 31s 8d; Eng
lish country markets, firm at advance of 21d.
LIVERPOOL. June 27.— WHEAT— Dull; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 7d(g6s 7V4d; wheat In
Paris, weak; flour In Paris, weak; French coun
try markets, weak.
COTTON— Uplands 5 7-16 d.
CLOSING. . •'
LIVERPOOL. June 27.— WHEAT— Dull; No.
1 Northern spring, 6s 7%d; No. 1 California,
6s 7d@6s Sd; futures, firm; July, 6s sd; Sep
tember, 6s 6%i; December, nominal.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, • steady,
4s American mixed, old. firm, 4s 4d; fu
tures, strong; July, 4s %d; September, 4s 2%d-
$4 50@6 ; old Roosters. $4@4 50 ; Fryers. S3 50@ t :
Broilers. $3 for large and $2®2 50 for small :
Pigeons, $1 25}} 1 50 per dozen for old and .$1 25®
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter and Eggs are still In large supply and
weak. Eggs especially. Some dealers do not
quote over 16c. Most of the Butter coming in is
soft and s>oor. •
'BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, IS®lS%c: sec
onds. 17i4e.
. Dairy— Fancy. 16H@17c; good to choice. 16c;
common, 14@:loc.
CHEESE— New, B(g9c: Yonng America, 9@
9tfc: Eastern. 16® 17c: Western, I.'® 16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13@14c for store and 15®
17c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, lljTUV^c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Arizona Watermelons sold at 75c@$l a
piece.
Prices for Peaches, Apricots, Pears and Plums
stand about the same. Supplies of all are
ample, thoush not heavy, and the demand is
sufficient to prevent an accumulation of stock.
Berries, continue cheap. Logans are wanted,
but there are few coming In.
Oranges are slow and generally lower. Lem
ons are firm. Bananas are easy, though the
supply Is not excessive.
The quotation of $35 per ton for Apricots In
yesterday's Issue was a printer's error. It
should have been $25.
A dispatch from Georgia reports 75 per cent
of the early Peach crop there destroyed by con
tinuous rains.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
* APRICOTS— 2S@6Oc per box and crate for
Royals: In baskets. 204}3f1c; In bulk. 2'ri3c per
lb to the trade and $10@25 per ton to the can
ners.
APPLES— 2Sc per basket and 85c@$l for large
boxes.
PEARS— 3se@sl per box; Bartletts. $I@l 25.
PLUMS— 2O@4Oc per box and crate and 20®300
per basket; in bulk. $10@15 per ton; Prunes, 35@
60c per crate and 25@35c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES-J2 Bo@3 50 per chest for
large and tZfjo for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— S3@S per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— S2(?3 50 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— None In.
CURRANTS-$1 50#3 50 per chest.
FIGS— Per box. 20@35c for Blngle and 40©60 c
for double layers.
PEACHES— 2S@6Oo per box and 25@500 per
basket for common and 60@750 per box for
Crawfords.
GRAPES— None came In.
CHERRIES— SO@7Sc per box for black: Royal
Anne. 25® 60c. In bulk, 6®7c for black and 3-JJ
6c for Royal Anne. •
MELONS— Nutmegs, $2 50@3 per case for
Arizona and $1 75<f 2 50 for Vacaville. Some from
Indlo brought $4@5.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Seedlings, 50c@$l 50: St.
Michaels, $l@2 50: Mediterranean Sweets, $125©
2; Valenclas, $2@2 50; Lemons, fl§2 for common
and $2 50(53 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $4@4 50; Bananas, 75c@$2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $1 50<33 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUITS — Old Crop — Prunes, in sacks,
4®4%c for 40-SO's. 3V4®3%c for 50-60' s, 3%@3%c
for 60-70's, 3(@3tfc for :O-SO*s, 2%@3c for SO-90's
and 2H®2%c for 90-100's. Peaches, 4H@4%c for
Standards. 5c for choice and 5%@6c for fancy;
Peeled Peaches, 10@12V4c; Evaporated Apples,
sVi@6c; sun-dried. 3(g4c per lb; Pears, 3H©-»Hc
for dark and 7@Bc for bright halves; Black
Figs. l^i@2c; White Figs, 2@3c; Bleached
Plums, 7 ] /4c: Unbleached Plums, 6c for pitted
and l',4c for unpltted.
NEW CROP— Apricots. 6%@7%c per lb.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb. 10c: choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb. SHe; choice, 7%c; standard, 6Hc;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, S^c;
3-crown, 6Uc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping point*
In California.
NUTS— "Walnuts, B@9c for Standards and 9@
10c for softshells; Almonds, HH®l2c for paper
shell. 9@loc for soft and 4©sc for hardshell;
Peanuts. 5%@6%c for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts, 7%@Sc; Filberts, 12@12^c;
pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12%@13c for bright and 11®
12c for light amber; water white. extracted, 7^
@7%c; light amber extracted 6&@7c; dark, 6c
per lb.
BEESWAX-24g26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lO^lO^e per lb for
heavy, 10Vi®10%c for light medium, ll?ic for
light, 12V4c for extra light and 14Hc for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12@13c;
Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra Mess. $13; Fam
ily, $14: extra Prime Pork, $15; extra clear. $19;
Mess. $16 DO; Smoked Beef. 12H@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and SHe for pure; half-barrels, pure,
B%e; 10-1b tins. 9Vic: 5-lb tins, 9%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. B%c; three
half barrels. BHc; one tierce, B»fcc; two tierces,
SVic; five tierces, B%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9Hc; medium. B^c; light. B%c; Cowhides. B%c;
Stags. 6c: Salted Kip, B%c; Calf. 10c: Dry
Hides, sound. 17c; culls and brands, 14c; Dry
Kip; 15c; Dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins. Shear
lings. 20®30c each; short Woo!, 25@60c each:
medium. 70@90c; long Wool. $I@l 25 each; Horse
Hides, $1 75<g2 for large and 73c@$l 25 for small;
Colts, 25350 c. Deerskins— Summer or red skins.
374@40c; fall or medium skins, 324®35c; win
ter or thin skins, 20c. Goatstklns — Prime Ango
ras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c: medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2.
3c; refined. 5Hc; Krease, 2Vjc
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free. -15@16c; Northern defective. 13@
15c; Middle County, free. 15^17c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 13@15c; Southern Mountain. 12
months',. 12@13c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', llg 13c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendoclno,
17«T19?: Nevada. 14®17c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at S@loc per lb: new, 9<gloc.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 5@6c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL-Large, 7%@S%c; small. S<39c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c; ewes, 6%@7c per
ound.
LAMB— Srrinr, B@B%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hoes, 6c for small. 5%05%c for
medium and 5%<&5&c for large: stock Hogs and
feeders. 5%c; dressed Hogs. -. B@«c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentin Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%c; Wool Bags. 23%'£32%c;
Fleece Twine, 7%c; Fruit Bags. 6%@6 : 5ic for
white and S%3S%c. for bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $8; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5 60; Wallsend, $8; Co
operative Wallsend, $8; Cumberland, $12 in bulk
,in<s $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg, $14; Cannel $11 per ton; Coke, $16 per
ton in bulk and #13 in sacks; Castle Gate and
Rock Springs, $8 45 per 2000 pounds.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed "and Fine Crushed, 5.90 c; Powdered,
5.50 c; Candy Granulated, 5.50 c; Dry Granulated,
5.40 c; Confectioners' A, 5.40 c; Magnolia A, sc;
Extra *C, 4.90 c; Golden C, 4.80 c; barrels. 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more;
60-lb begs, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dornlnoa, half
barrels, 6.15 c; boxes, 6.40 c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. June 27.
Flour, qr sks 7.77 C WtDe, gals ."...... 24,600
NVheat, ct15. ...... 1.410 Hides, No. ....... 716
Barley, ct15....... 73,040 1 Pelts, bdls 1.C62
Oats, ctls.. 310 Wool, ba1e5....... ito
Rye. ctls - 130 1 Straw., tons 20
Cheese, ctls 357 Hay, tons 695
Butter.ctls 180 Middlings, sks.... 20
Tallow, ctls 203|Bran. sks 265
Lime, bbls ....... 273 Onions, sks 338
Eggs, doz 15,000 Potatoes, sks 1,413
Quicksilver fisks. ¦ S6 Sugar, eks 2,600
Leather, rolls .... 107
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr 5k5..... 8.000 Flaxseed. 5k5..... 431
Bran. ak5.. ....... 2,950 i
NR of Cal 65.U5H117 Mut Say 8k... 45 —
Do 5s 117%117»i S F Say U....505 —
NPC R R 65.101 — Say & L 50.... 74 73
Do 5s 108 — Sec Say Bk — —
N Cal R R 83.111 — Union T C 0.... — — "
Oak G L&HSS.III — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65... — 119% California 123% —
Oak XV Co 5a.. — — Geary-st 50 —
Oceanic S C 0. .105% — Market-st Ry. 63% 64
Om C Ry e 5..128 — OS L & H.... — 45%
P&CI Ry 65.104H— Presidio 15 21
P&O R R 65.115 — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 65.120 — California ISO 170
Sac L, & GR3s. — — Giant Con Co^. 87^4 S3
SF & SJV os. — — Vlgorlt 23» 3%
S Ry of Cal 65.111U — Sugar Stocks—
SPof A 65...H3%114%iHana S P Co. — S9»
SP C 65(1905).1H> 110>»iHaw C&S Co.. S9 —
Do 09C6) 111^113 Honokaa. SCo 33 334,
Do (1312) ....113 122% Hutch S P Co. 24^ 25
SPRC Istgntss - - Kilauea S Co. — 20
SPRr «s 130 — Makawell SCo 46^ 46^
S V Water 65. 115 115% Onomea S Co. 21% 28
Do 4s 11M44-IU3M Paauhau S Co. SOTs 31*4
Do 3d mtg...101V4 — MiacPllan *" ou *T,,,,, 0 ,/
Stocktn Gas 6s 99 - Al Pack Assn.li;*illS^
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn. — -
Contra Costa.. 69 70 Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marin County. .M» — Oceanic S Co.. — 93H
Spring Valley. 94% — Pac AF A 2 —
Gas & Electric— ! Pac C Bor Co.lsO —
Cent G L Co.. - - Par Paint Co.. 10 -
Cent L & P Co 4 5
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers 1 Assn 1W 75
43 Contra Costa Water 63 CO
250 Equitable Gas 3 37%
100 Honokaa S Co 33 00
140 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 00
170 Makawell «« f
20 Mutual Electric Light 12 00
125 Paauhau S P Co - 31 °<>
10 Pacinc Gas Imp ...% 47 0O
6 S F Gas & Electric Co 4S 23
77 Spring Valley Water 95 00
Street— -,
100 Pacific Gas Imp 47 00
73 Spring Valley 'Water 35 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Giant Powder Con 8? P
25 liana Plantation Co -••• S SO
450 Honokaa S Co .83 00
10 Hutchinson. S P Co 24 87%
10 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 00
WMakaweli 48 50
45 Market Street Railway 63 75
SO Onomea Sugar Co 21 00
20 Paauhau S P Co 3100
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 4S 25
25 3 F Gas & Electric Co . 43 37H
5 S F Gaa & Electric Co. b 2 48 37%
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 50
120 S F Gas & Electric Co 4S 75
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 62%
BO 3 P Gaa & Electrlo Co, s 90 43 60
5 Spring Valley Water .'... 93 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
, Morning Session. <"'f . :¦'
Board—
100 Home Oil 4 23
£0 Twenty-Eight 123
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Shamrock 70
100 American 'Fuel 84
ICO American Fuel 32
MIXING STOCKa
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Moraine Session;
600 Gould & Curry 131 25 Overman 23
400Ophlr 72J
Afternoon Session.
50 Chollar 201 200 Savage 17
30 Con Cal & Va.l 50 100 Silver Hill 38
1000 Con Imp Oil ICO Silver Hill 37
200 Gould & Curry If! 100 Yellow Jacket.. 16
50 Ophlr 72|
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
ESO Alpha Con 03; 500 Crown Point.,.. 10
500 Belcher 19 i 300 Gould & Curry 13
500 Belcher 20 200 Silver Hill 37
300 Challenge Con.. 16 300 Yellow Jacket.. 15
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 061 400 Justice 07
200 Best & Belcher 27 500 Utah 13
200 Challenge Con.. 17 1 800 Utah 13
ICO Con Cal & Va..l 53! 200 Yellow Jacket.. 18
400 Crown Point... 10 ! 200 Yellow Jacket.. 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, June 27—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Justice 06 08
Alta 02 03iKentuck — 01
Andes 05 06jLady Wash .... — 03
fieleher 17 19 {Mexican 21 22
Best & Belcher. 2« 27 iOccldental 11 14
Bullion 04 03' Ophlr. 72 73
Caledonia 110 1 20 .Overman 17 19
Chollar 13 20iPotosi 19 20
Challenge Con.. 16 lijSavage 18 13
Confidence 75 S3 ' Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 55 1 60|Seg Belcher 04 C 5
Con Imperial... — 01 'Sierra Nevada.. 23 30
Con New York 01 —{Silver Hill 33 33
Eureka C0n.... — 50; St Louis — 12
Crown Point... 09 lllStandard 4004 50
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate 07 08
Gould & Curry. 12 J3 Union Con 20 22
Hale & Norcrs. 26 27 Utah 12 13
Julia 01 02 Yellow Jacket.. 15 16
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 28, 1900.
Shipping Intelligence.
Foreign Futures.
8
NEW YORK. June 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
11,201: exports. 3781; quiet: buyers refusing to
meet the high asking rates; winter- straits,
12 JOQ4 20; winter extras. f2 75@3 15.
WHEAT-Recelpts. 147,725; exports, 102,000
bushels; spot, firm; No. 2 red. S3Hc f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red. 90%e elevator; No. 1 Northern
l>aluth, 9G%c f. o. b. afloat prompt: No. 1 hard
Duluth, S3%c f. o. b. afloat prompt. Options
opened weak under foreign selling, but prompt
ly rallied and were firm to strong all day with
an active general trade. The improvement
was bssAd on late strength In English mar
kets, a recovery in the Northwest, the Jump
in corn, lees favorable crop news and speculat-"
ive buying; closed firm. I%@lHc net advance;
Julr. 87H©90 l-16c. closed at &»%c; September,
*<W*4JS3T4e. closed at 89Jie; December. 87-Vtf
SO%C. closed at 90c. ! . t»w
SPELTER-Bteady; domestic, $4 KQi 25.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOD- Dull.
COFFEE— The market for options dosed firm,
California Fruit Sales.
O iinwi time uma iima
* J*. Ft. Ft- TV.
• L. W HW I, W H W
3... «:ttj 0.8 l:32~To I:11~I1 ZTT
HW I*W HW LW
!3 ... O:CS 5.6 7:00 0.4 1:12 1.1 7:04 t.t
» ... 0:57 6.1 7:37 0.0 2:51 5.1 8:00 S.»
1 ... 1:45 4.7 8:10 0.8 S:2B S.I 9:01 2.1
2 ... 1:33 4.2 9:41 1.0 4:02 5.2 10:05 2.9
3 ... 3:31 3.7 9:13 1.5 4:37 8.1 11:04 ».3
4 ... 4:33 3.S 9:5o! 2.01 5:11 5.1 11-57 l.t
Steamer. I From. I Duo.
Crescent City... Crescent City Juno 13
Corona San Diego June it
Portland Cape Kome | June 33
Nippon Jlaru .. China and Japan jjune _'J
Moana Australia June 23
State of Cal Portland June V
Newburg Gray» Harb0r....... June 23
Point Arena.... Menclocino June 22
War-Held Oyster Harbor Jane 39
Bonlta Newport June 3o
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor June 35
Robt. Adamson Nanaimo June JO
Orizaba Humboldt ........ (June 3»
Arcata Coos Bay [July 1
Acapulco New York IJuly 1
Walla Wallx.. Victoria & Puget Sound* July 1
Zealandla Cape Nome July 1
North Fork Humboldt July I
Santa Rosa San Die«o July I
Tellus Oyster Harbor .....July I
Matteawan Tacoma 'July 1
Wellington Comox IJuly S
Eureka Humboldt IJuly S
"W. H. Kruser.. San Pedro 'July 3
Columbia Portland July 4
Coos Bay Newport July 4
Coos Bay iNewport....: July 4
o
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
_ 1 , 1 1
Coos 8ay. ..[Xewp0rt. ...... June 23, 9am|Pter2S
Peru IN»w Tort June ». « mIPMSS
Eureka .... Huinboldt June T*. 2 pmjPler 13
Corona San Diego June 30, 11 amjPler U
City Puebla Vie & Pft Sd. June 20. 11 am! Pier 9
Doric Chlna*Japan June 30. 1 pm!PM3S
Bcnita Newport July 2, 9 ami Pier 9
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. July 2. ! pm|Pler 2
State of Cal Portland July 2, 11 ami Pier 2»
Orizaba Humboldt IJuly 2, 2pm Plir 9
Ne-wburg .. Grays Harbori July 2. spm
¦W. Kruger. Tlllamook July 3 Pier 2
Arcata Cooa Bay July 3, 13 m Pier 13
Santa Rosa. San Diego July 4. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork HumboMt July 4. 9am Pier 3
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
_ 1 , 1 1
Coos 8ay. ..[Xewp0rt. ...... June 23, 9am|Pter2S
Peru IN»w Tort June ». « mIPMSS
Eureka .... Huinboldt June T*. 2 pmjPler 13
Corona San Diego June 30, 11 amjPler U
City Puebla Vie & Pft Sd. June 20. 11 am! Pier 9
Doric Chlna*Japan June 30. 1 pm!PM3S
Bcnita Newport July 2, 9 ami Pier 9
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. July 2. ! pm|Pler 2
State of Cal Portland July 2, 11 ami Pier 2»
Orizaba Humboldt IJuly 2, 2pm Plir 9
Ne-wburg .. Grays Harbori July 2. spm
¦W. Kruger. Tlllamook July 3 Pier 2
Arcata Cooa Bay July 3, 13 m Pier 13
Santa Rosa. San Diego July 4. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork HumboMt July 4. 9am Pier 3
Steamer. I From. I Duo.
Crescent City... Crescent City Juno 13
Corona San Diego June it
Portland Cape Kome | June 33
Nippon Jlaru .. China and Japan jjune _'J
Moana Australia June 23
State of Cal Portland June V
Newburg Gray» Harb0r....... June 23
Point Arena.... Menclocino June 22
War-Held Oyster Harbor Jane 39
Bonlta Newport June 3o
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor June 35
Robt. Adamson Nanaimo June JO
Orizaba Humboldt ........ (June 3»
Arcata Coos Bay [July 1
Acapulco New York IJuly 1
Walla Wallx.. Victoria & Puget Sound* July 1
Zealandla Cape Nome July 1
North Fork Humboldt July I
Santa Rosa San Die«o July I
Tellus Oyster Harbor .....July I
Matteawan Tacoma 'July 1
Wellington Comox IJuly S
Eureka Humboldt IJuly S
"W. H. Kruser.. San Pedro 'July 3
Columbia Portland July 4
Coos Bay Newport July 4
Coos Bay iNewport....: July 4
o
O iinwi time uma iima
* J*. Ft. Ft- TV.
• L. W HW I, W H W
3... «:ttj 0.8 l:32~To I:11~I1 ZTT
HW I*W HW LW
!3 ... O:CS 5.6 7:00 0.4 1:12 1.1 7:04 t.t
» ... 0:57 6.1 7:37 0.0 2:51 5.1 8:00 S.»
1 ... 1:45 4.7 8:10 0.8 S:2B S.I 9:01 2.1
2 ... 1:33 4.2 9:41 1.0 4:02 5.2 10:05 2.9
3 ... 3:31 3.7 9:13 1.5 4:37 8.1 11:04 ».3
4 ... 4:33 3.S 9:5o! 2.01 5:11 5.1 11-57 l.t
Kern (contractor), architect H. Gellfus3— AH
work for a two-story frame building on SE
line of Perry street. 325 SW of Third. SW 25 by
SE SO; |3195. ¦-.-¦ *
Mrs. Rose ' Leszynsky (owner) with William
Helblnjr (contractor). architect Philip
SchwerJt— All -work for a three-story frame
building with finished attic and basement, three
flats, on N line of Ellis street. 132:6 W of
Franklin. W 27:6 by N 137:6; J3SCO.
AUCTION SALES
£* NEW LOT. 5^
25 HORSES. DRIVING AND WORK HORSES.
FKOM J. B. HAGGI.VS RANCH.
At sale«yard 1732 Market st.
y CHASE & MENDEXHALL.
Successors to KUllr> & Co.In \ the ¦"- Divorce ;' Court.
; i OAKLAND,-; June 27.— May/ E. Chapman
commenced suit to-day, for a divorce from
CharlesJW.' Chapman, on -the ground of
desertion.:-' She; asks ;to : be; allowed ; the
custody rof the x minor ;. child,' : Bessie B.
Chapman." . The couple .were- married "at
Reno, Nevada, on -March l 2, : 18S9. ? _They
have.' been', residents , of I Oakland 3 for t- six
years. No property interests are involved:
Elliott Pleads Guilty.
OAKLAND, June 27.— John Elliott, alias
Russell.the youngburglar who,was cap
tured .while attempting to rob ithe resi
dence.of ,W." H." Price several months ago,
pleaded guilty -before -Judge 'Ogflen... He
will receive his: sentence next . Saturday.
Elliott was discovereil'in the house by W."
H. Price : Jr., : who 'laid s h!m low with- a
stove poker and then summoned "the po-
TO BLACKMAIL WOMEN
THEIR ALLEGED PLAN
bAKLAND, June 27.— What the 'police
believe to have been the beginning of a
blackmailing scheme of a unique and ne
farious character, Involving prominent
families of this city, has been broken up
by^the speedy and well directed efforts or
Chief of Police Hodgkins. This was ac
complished by the seizure of a large num
ber of photographs of young women
which, it is said, were obtained by a pair
of evilly disposed young- ¦ men who have
for several weeks been operating in Oak
land as solicitors for a San Francisco art
company.
The leader of the supposed illegitimate
enterprise was known as Professor C. E.
Quivey.- His companion's name was not
ascertained by. the police. The pair had
been living from week to 'week in various
lodging houses about town, and had been
compelled, for lack of. money, to leave
several . domiciles, although ; they were
dressed in the height of fashion.
- The .photographs thus • obtained were: to
be used, it is believed by. the detectives,
for manipulation so : that :>: > the . victims
would be made to appear in most indecent
arrd ¦¦ suggestive poses. '.To cleverly 'work
up the photographs of prominent young
women's faces with nude figures .was sup
posed to be the. plan of thesp menr.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FOUL PI*AY SUSPECTED.
SACRAMENTO. June 27. — Residents
along the Sacramento River some dis
tance below the city are discussing the
death of a seventeen-year-old married wo
man named Mrs. Mary Vlelra and rumors
of foul play are abroad. Near her home
at Ida Island her body was found floating
in the river. .
Northern Gold Output.
,; :Dr. Austin Clarke, who officiated at the
autopsy, makes the sensational statement
that he believes the young woman came
to her death by strangulation and not by
drowning. The testimony taken at the
Inquest shows that Antonio Vlelra.. hus
band of the dead woman, was Jealous of
her and had quarreled with her as recent
ly as Thursday fast, making an admission
to th«* jury that he had "on that occasion
pulled her hair. He said that he had ac
cused his wife of infidelity and that com
ing to this. city he had convinced himself
of- his wife's Innocence. He said he re
turned home to find that his wife had dis
appeared. The jury brought In a verdict
of a non-committal oharacter. ' 7
SEATTLE, Wash., r June 27.— The gold
received at the United States assay office
since June • 1, . 1900. .'amounts In value to
over $1,0<W,000. From Information- now; at
hand it Is possible to make the certain
prediction that the receipts ofr the office
duriner the month of July will amount to
over $3,000,000.
Two ; Insol vents.
The receipts for June. were to-day In
creased by 4he deposits of gold brought
down on the steamer Rosalie, which ¦¦ ar
rived from ¦ Skaguay ¦ last r evening:. ; - There
were 13,500' ounces In, nuggets and dust
deposited in the assay office to-day. In the
names of : fifty-five persons: The approxi
mate value or the deposits Is $216,000. .The
gold ¦was all r direct , from Dawson City
and is part of the clean-up In that imrae
vlclnlty. ' -.-¦.¦¦'" > . '
Max Walter of San Francisco flled'a pe
tition in Insolvency in the United States
Distrlct_yCtourt yesterday.' Hlb liabilities
are « s7747 and his ¦ assets •• are - $312.\ r Albert
Walter • Beebe, a railroad brakeman," re-
Siding In Liverniore. filed a similar peti
tion, in which he stated his liabilities -at
$1100 51. He has no assets.
California Fruit Popular.
General Manager J. A. Fill more of the
Southern Pacific system stated yesterday
that present shipments of California fruit
East are heavier than ever before. Sev
<=rsty-flve refrigerator cars of fruit, ex
clusive of oranges, are now being sent to
Atlantic cities weekly. The number will
be increased to a hundred next week.
Frank Freeman Honored.
Special Dispatch to The Ca
WILLOWS. June 27.— Frank Freeman, a
prominent attorney cf this place and dele
gate to the Democratic National Conven
tion at Kansas City, before his departure
on to-day's train was given a banquet at
,the Crawford House, at which there wer«
forty Invited guests. He was escorted to
the train by a large and enthusiastic
crowd of friends, headed by the Willows
band.
« June 27.— Eden Parlor
|[ — Jf No. 113, N. S. G. TV., assisted by
| the Foresters' band, Wound up the
ii " season with a most successful en
tertainment this evening at Native Sons'
Hall. A committee had been appointed,
of which Renaldo Reid was the chairman,
and -they prepared an excellent pro
gramme for- the event. The proceeds, will
be used by Eden Parlor in celebrating
Admission day.
Following the overture by the" Foresters'
band several selections were rendered by
the Santa Clara quartet — M. Santos, first
tenor; M.' Correia, second tenor; A.
Pereira, nrst bass; A. Soto, second bass.
F. B. Hooson and, Charles Young ap
peared In specialty acts that proved -. a
taking feature. P. J. Crosby delivered an
address from Oliver Wendell Holmes, fol
lowed by several sf elections by. the Hay
wards Mandolin CH*B. The programme
closed with a burlesque Cakewalk. Those
taking part were:; Ralph Jessup and John
Rose, Manuel Riggs and Victor Lagrave,
and Thomas iLane and Joseph Robblns,
Ralph Jessup:* Manuel Riggs and Thomas
Lane taking tfie parts of "colored ladles,"
receiving great applause for their clever
imitations.
The committee of arrangements con
sisted of Renaldo Reid, T. H. Thorndvke,'
J. H. McCoy, Charles Ruppricht, John
Geary and Alfred Horn.
Harble-Glynn Fight Still On.
Jud<re Con'an issued a warrant yester
day on complaint of Mrs. Fannie Tiegl for
th-e arrest of Joseph Roberts on a charge
cf assault with a deadly weapon. Mrs.
Ticgl alleg-es that on Tuesday last P.ob
erts chasM her husband with a pitchfork
fend labbed him in the back. When she
interfered In her husband's behalf she
claims that Roberts assaulted her with
the weapon. The parties involved are
members of the MarDle-Glynn faction? of
the Mission road. For the past two years
the principals in the feud and their ad
herents have aired their troubles in the
Police Courts.
BUCHANAN TAKEN HOME.
Lay Wounded in a Mountain Camp
for Nearly Two Months.
Special DlfDatch' to The Call. j
PASADENA. June 21.— Fred Buchanan,
who has lain on his back in the moun
tains thirty miles from here for nearly
fwro months, was brought home to-day by
m<*ans of a litter and ambulance. Bu
chanan was accidentally shot by his
friend, Victor Ward, on luay 1, Ward tak
ing him for game In the twilight. The
shot took effect in the neck, paralyzing
the left side of the young man's bod/. In
the dead of night Ward traveled sixteen
mile.* and back hanging to a burro which
he could not ride because of the rough
ness of the trails. He suimnoned help by
telephone from Mount Wilson and re
turned at once to his friend, arriving at
10 o'clock the next day. It was another
day and night before help came and Bu
chanan was not able then to move a
finger. He is now re«overing but cannot
yet walk and may never be able to do so.
Working for Chinese.
Ppecial Dispatch to The Call
VICTORIA, B. C. June 27.— Captain
Flatt. an officer of the American army
and relative of Tom Plait of New York,
who has been in service at Manila, ar
rived here by the steamer Empress ot
China. He is now in the service of the
Chinese Government. lie said in the
course of an interview on the steamer
that he left Peking in May. and goes to
Yfjshington to endeavor to haye the lawb
of the Unitc-d'States regarding the Phil
ippines so amended that Chinese cml»
grants will be allowed to land there. Xow
.the same laws which apply to the United
Stales are in force there and Chinese are
barred. He had an interview with the
Empress Dowager some tim« before leav
ing Peking-.
APOLOGIZES IN COURT.
inal Libel.
Sir Robert Peel Arraigned for Crim-
LONDON. June 27.-Sir Robert Peel,
faultlessry attired in a frock coat and
carrying a silk hat in his hand, stood in
the dock at the Old Bailey to-day on the
charge of having criminally libeled his
brother-in-law. Mr. yon der Heydt, In con
nection with his trusteeship of the Peel
estate. Sir Robert withdrew all the
defamatory statements and apologized for
calling his brother-in-law a blackmailer,
and the court, after lecturing the baronet
and expressing a hope that the fact that
the bearer of the great historic name of
Sir Robert Peel had stood in the dock
would prove sufficient punishment, bound
the defendant over to come up for sen
tence if called upon.
m
BurTeU-Anderson Nuptials.
Special Dispatch to The Call
ASHLAND, Or., June 27.— Fred K. Bur
rell of the City of Mexico and Miss Sada
E. Anderson of Ashland were married to
day at the residence of the bride's father,
E. K. Anderson, a wealthy pioneer farmer.
The bride is one of the reigning beauties
of Southern Oregon and has been promi
nent socially here. The groom Is a mining
engineer in the employ of the Mexico Gold
and Silver Recovery Company of London
at the City of Mexico, and was formerly
Interested in the Ashland mine here. The
ceremony was p«rf ormed by Rev. J. T.
Abbett in the presence of the immediate
friends of the contracting, parties. , The
happy couple left on to-night's train -for
their future residence in the city of Mex
ico.
White Lepers in Idaho.
Special Dispatch to The, Call.
BOISE, Idaho, June 27.— 1t Is reported
here that four of the Idaho boys" who
went to the Philippines contracted" lep
rosy and are now isolated. • One of them
lived on Wood River. It has been impos
sible to obtain the names. In the case of
the Wood River boy. who I? paid to be the
son of an KpiscopaJ clergyman, physicians'
opinions are unqualified that >he Has the
loathsome disease. He is Isolated far
back In the mountains. It is understood
an official investigation will <be made.
Congressman Kahn Eeceivss Letter
From Secretary of War Assur
ing Assistance.
Since the United States soldier boys
landed in the Philippines there has been
a movement on foot by the ladles of the
Red Cross and others for the establish
ing of an American library in Manila.
Among the active co-wnrkers in thi3
cause is Congressman Juliti* Kahn of
this city. Mr. Kahn has placed himself
in direct communication with the- Secre
tary of War on the subiect. The follow
ing letter addressed to Mr. Kahn will be
of interest to those who have been advo
cating the library location:
War Department. Washington, June It 1300.
Pip: I haw the honor to acknowledge r«
ceipt of ycur letter of the 6th mat.. transmit
ting raters relative to the establishment o? an
American library in Manila and requesting that
thp same be referred to tn<» Military Governor,
with recommendation t?!at euch «t<l as ntr b«
practicable b» extended thereto.
In rpply I bes: to inform you that your letter
and Its inelosures havq been referred to Majcr
General Arthur Mac Arthur, Military Governcr
cf the Philippines, with the recommendation
requested. Very respectfully,
.ET.IHIT ROOT. Secretary of War.
GOVERNMENT] AID FOR
THE LIBRARY AT MANILA
REJOICING AMONG
SAN JOSE DEMOCRATS
Garden City Prepares to Welcome th 3
First Party Convention in
Ten Years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Juno 27.— There Is general
jubilation among the local Democrats this
afternoon over the Democratic State Con
vention being secured for Sa« Jose. This,
is the first result of mc work of the Im
provement Club recently formed here for
the purpose of advancing the interests of
this city and county. The managers of
the club sent a committee, consisting of
S. N. Rucker, J. H. Henry. L. A. Spitzer.
C. J. Martin and J. A. Hicks, to San Fran
cisco this morning to confer with the
Democratic State Central Committee.
/This will be the first Democratic State
Cnnvontlon San Jose has had for ten
years and the local followers of Bryan
predict an attendance of 2000 visitors, all
of whom will be money spenders. It Is
also expected to strengthen the backbone
of Democrats here who lean toward Mc-
Kinley and keep them in line on Bryan's
platform. :^;>,
Illinois Nominees.
SPRINGFIELD. 111.. June 27.— The State
Democratic Convention to-day completed
its ticket. Samue! Alschuler of Aurora
having been nominated yesterday for Gov
ernor. Representative Elmer Perry ol
Brown County was nominated for Lieu
tenant Governor. The other nominations
were unanimous, as follows: Secretary of
State. James F. O'Donnell of Blooming
ton: State Auditor, George B. Parsons of
Shawneetown: State Treasurer. M. F.
Dunlap of Jacksonville; Attorney General.
James Todd of Cook County.
TO RAISE FUNDS
* FOR CELEBRATION
Eden Parlor Gives a Suc
cessful Entertainment
at Haywards. \
City Attorney Asked to Determine
Whether Doctor May Legally
Keep This Money.
The City Attorney may be called upon
to determine if the B^ard of Health has
acted illegally in appointing Dr. F. P.
Wilson Assistant City Physician with the
understanding that h? ts to receive a fee
for every death certificate signed by him.
The charter provides that all fees collect
ed by an empiove of the city government
shall be turned into the treasury' and his
£aiarv shall be deemed in full compensa
tion for his services. The practice orig
inated under the old consolidation act,
the assistant physician being permitted
to retain fees without receiving salary.
His duties consist in visiting the Chinese
Q-jarter every <saj- for the furpose of in
tpectlng the undertaking shops. He also
rign» the death certificate of every China
man who dies unattended by a physician
qualified to certify to the cause of death,
lor *>ach official act he receives the sum
Cf $2.
"The board is unaware that the charter
provision on fees affects the assistant
physician." said President Williamson of
the Health Board last night. "It is sim
ply an arrangement whereby the board
save? the salary of one man. Dr. Wil
for/s remuneration amounts to about
flO) per month, as the average Chinese
rf*ath rate monthly is less than 35. I sup
y>c*e we could pay him 1100 per month and
a.low the fees to go into the treasury,
tout the city is not concerned at all re
garding the" fees."
ASSISTANT CITY PHYSICIAN
POCKETED FEES COLLECTED
EXAMINED APPLICANTS
FOR INTERNESHIPS
Board of Health Tests the Qualiflca-
tions of Bvecent Graduates of
Medical Institutions.
The competitive examination for the po
sitions of Internes at the City and County
Hospital took place last night in the
chambers of the Health Board in the City
Hall. The examination? which consisted
of technical questions on the practice of
medicine and surgery, was conducted by
Dr. Bazet. chairman of the hospital com
mittee. Thos^ who competed are Wil
liam Osmers, Charles O'Connor and
Charles Cunningham, recent graduates
from Cooper Medical Coilegc: G. L. Rine
hart. L. V. Saph. M. D. Pratt. W. P. Har
cejr and H. C. Watt#. University of Cali
fornia medical department. The answers
were reduced to writing hy the competi
tors and will be passe.l upon by the whole
board in time for the selection of internes
at to-morrow night's rheetJng. A special
examination for the graduates of the Col
lege of PhrFieians and Surgeons will be
held next we-~k, as :h-;ir examinations- at
the college have not yet been completed
and the faculty is therefore unable to cer
tify toiits list of eligibles until after the
first of next mc-nth. The successful ap
plicants will be assigned to the wards in
the hospital under the charge of the vari
ous institutions.
ISAIAH ZUXIWAI.T HELD.
Preliminary Examination of the Aged
Diamond Springs Murderer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE, June 27.— The prelim
inary examination of Isaiah Zumwalt,
who on the evening of the 7th of June
murdered \ his divorced wife. Julia Ann
Zumwalt; his son, George Zumwalt; his
Infant granddaughter, and severely
wounding his daughter-in-law, the wife
of George Zumwalt, near Diamond
Springs, in" this county, was held in Jus
tice D. J. Knighton's court to-dny. Dis
trict Attorney Darlington appeared- for
the people and Hon. Prentiss Carpenter
for the defense. But two witnesses were
examined— J. P. Selleck. who resides near
the 'scene of the tragedy, and Deputy
Sheriff J. L. Houx, the arresting officer.
Selleck testified to seeing Zumwalt at the
house of George Zumwalt, of hearing
shots and seeing Mrs. George Zumwalt
running /from the house, the defendant
pursuing and shooting at her with a Win
chester rifle. Zumwalt came to the Sel
leck house and said: "There are two of
them over there — one in the house and
one in the yard. You. people had better
go over and look after them."
Houx. the deputy sheriff, testified that
he made the arrest: also to seeing ihe
dead body of George Zumwalt still sit
ting in the chair In the parlor of his resi
dence. The defendant was held to answer
for trial in the Superior Court without
ball, charged with, willful murder. For
the past two , weeks Zumwalt has not
spoken to al-person,a 1 - person, paying no attention
nor giving any signs of recognition to his
sons, who visit him daily.
GOLD ON THE BEACH.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash.. June 27.—
The town of Blainc, on the international
boundary line at the northwest corner of
the State, is excited over tho, discovery
of biack gold-bearing sard on the beach
along tho Gulf of Georgia, seventeen
miles northwest of this place. .Claims
are now staked for five miles 'along the
shore, beginning at the northern bound
ary of the Lummi Indian reservation.
Early this morning a stampede of peo
ple by boats, wagons and wheels had sot
out from B'aine and many went from
here. The discovery was first made some
days ago by a one-legged 'prospector, who
interested a one-armed gambler at Blame.
The facts have just leaked out, causing a
rush. The sand shows colors of flaky
gold. ¦ The pay streak makes a good
showing. Old timers say that during the
Frazer River excitement some years ago
prospectors are reported to have panned
as high as $3 along this beach.
Hiss Burkhart Sobbed.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, June 27.— Miss Lillian
Burkhart, the actress, playing an engage
ment at the Orpheum, is minus a highly
prized diamond sunburst. At the con
clusion of her acf"Monday night she left
her dress, on which was pinned the clus
ter securely- covered in her dressing
room. Later, joining a party of friends,
she left the theater without her jewels.
In trepidation she hurried yesterday
morning to the building, her fear merging,
into a fact. The diamond cluster was
gone. During the, night a sneak thief
who had entered her room ransacked her
dresses, taking-. the sunburst, but leaving
her crescent of diamonds. Tho matter ia
in the hands of local detectives. The
value of the stolen jewel is $400.
Refuse to Instruct -for Hill.
Veterans at Santa Cruz.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., June 271— Having
completed Its labors the Democratic State
Convention "adjourned at .6 p. -m. The
delegation to the national convention
was unanimously instructed to vote for
\V J Bryan for President. Charles J..
Parks* of Ouachita withdrew his resolu
tion Instructing for David B. Hill for
Vice President, it being claimed by many
delegates that Hill is an advocate of the
gold standard. T. : -. • '¦:¦¦
SANTA CRUZ, June 27.— Camp Wallace
Reynolds presents s a lively scene with the
many veterans and families who are there
for a two weeks' stay. This evening the
assembly tent was crowded. Addresses
were made by Department Commander
Mott, Adjutant General Masteller and
Mrs. Merritt, department commander of
the Woman's Relief Corps.
I/EGATIONS OEDEBED TO LEAVE.
LONDON. June 27.— The" Foreign Office
has issued the following telegram received
from.'W. R. Carles, the British Consul at
Tientsin, undated, but probably sent June
24, and forwarded from Chefu June-27:
' "A note has been received by the Com
missioner of : Customs, here from- inspec
tor General Hart (Sir Robert Hart) at
Pekins. dated June 19, statinp that the
foreign- legations- had been ordered to
leave Peking within twenty-four hours."
FOR JAPAN'S MILITARY MOVES.
- YOKOHAMA, "June- 27. — The ; consent ' of
the: Emperor to. the, expenditure, of .fifty
million yen, not fifteen million yen, as
previously cabled , toward the ; cost' of mil
itary' operations in. China*: was, -given' at~a
meeting .of the. Privy Council at which the
Emperor ;.*wa s ; present. ; The Minister of
Foreign" .1 Affairs ¦' and the Minister of
Fioance^explained .the! situation, pointed
out'theneea of more troops, and. the for
mer said the money would be drawn from
the reserve fund 3 .' r .
OBDEEED TO CHINISE "WATERS.
, ROME. June 27.— The Italian , cruiser
Vettor i Pteuni and the protected , cruisers
Strobolll, and s Vesuvia have been ordered
to Chinese waters. ; *3sßß3A*lLkfel6
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
.- NEW. YORK, June, ZT.-rWllltam P. Mor
gan x 6f . San : Francisco ; is •; at the Murray
Hill ii Fred * Rockwell and Albert > Clark •of
San i Francisco; are at'nthe* Netherlands "
DIVIDED THEIR
HOUSEHOLD GOODS
OAKLAND. June 27.— When
last February George \V.
Badders and his wife Es
tella of Tulare County de
cided that married life was a fail
ure and they had better part,
neither was willing that the other
should fare the better^ in the divi
sion of their world's goods. Ac
cordingly they appeared before a
notary and signed' an agreement
dividing their property in equal
shares. Mrs. Badders agreed to
take her goods and remove to
Fruitvale, while her husband was
to remain in Tulare County. The
peculiar document was filed this
afternoon with the County Re
corder.
By the terms of the agreement
the couple were to live apart, and
there were to be no claims on the
part of either for money or other
property. On condition that Mrs.
Badders would take up her resi
dence far from him, her husband
agreed that she should take two
barrels of canned fruit, one box
jelly, half a hog, four pigs' heads,
one oil heater, four Wyandotte
chickens, twelve Houdan chickens,
one Singer- sewing machine and
household furniture. Everything
else on the Tulare ranch he was
to retain.
The dissatisfied couple further
stipulated £hat there should be no
claim for alimony, and that I the
husband should be released from
all obligation to contribute to 'his
wife's support.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES
OSKAIXX>SA. lowa. June 27.— William and
P.ofs Busby, aped 22 pji<l 19, respectively, were
killed by lightning in a\bam.
IjONDON. June 27.— At the annual meeting
of the Institute of Mechanical Engineers about
seventy members of the American society were
present. President C. H. Morgun of Wor
cester, Mass., replied to an address of welcome.
YOKOHAMA. June 15. via Victoria, B. C,
June 27.— A case of plagTie. has been discovered
on a P. and O. steamer, the first case to make
its appearance here..
LONDON. June 27. — In the Bankrupt Court
to-day a receiving order was made against
Benjamin Greenlake, a lawyer, with liabilities
of between £200.000 and £300.000.
NEW YORK. June 97. — Anton: the passen
gers who arrived this morning: on the Bremen
from Bremen and Southampton were ! Mrs.
Crane and daughter, who accompany the re
mains ot Stephen Crane, who died abroad on
June 5. _,^_ . v
KANSAS CITY. June 27.— The United States
Monetary League, which will meet here at the
Auditorium en July 2 and 3. will be addressed
by a dozen speakers of national prominence.
The meeting is not a convention. It will
adopt some resolutions on what the platform
ought to contain, but It will not attempt to
help make the ticket.
PARIS. June 27. — Thomas Walsh of Colo
rado, one pf the United State« Honorary com
missioners at the Paris Exposition, and Mrs.
Walsh cave a dinner in honor of General
Horace Porter, the United States Emhassador.
Among thone present were: General Porter and
Mrs. Porter: Hon. W. F. . Draper, the United
States Embapsador to Italy, and Mrs. Draper;
the Danish Minister, J. H. Dehgermann-Llnden
crone. and Mme. Dehpermann-Linilenerone,
Aristipchi Bey, Mr. and Mrs.' Potter Palmer,
Mr?. Kernochan, Mrs. Grtswold Grey, Miss
Cockrell, Miss Reed and Mrs. Thompson.
<5J r? ISS FRETDA GALLICK, the weil known young actress, has announced
TV/ « her cn S a e«nent to Colgate Baker Jr.. a Milwaukee newspaper man and
|)l\\ author. Miss Gallick is the daughter of Mrs. Fanny Gallick of 414 Eu
chanan street. She made her debut with the Frawley company several
years ago and to-day is recognized as one of the most promising of the many
talented California girls on the legitimate stage. At present Miss Gallick is
ti.e bright particular star of the Salisbury Ptock Company of Milwaukee.
Mr. Baker, the fortunate man. is the author of "The Only Way" and other
stories. He is a graduate of Yale and. of West Point. The wedding of the young
couple will be solemnized some time in September.
OAKLAND, June 27. — "Make it a
tile."
"No; a job will do."
This rather vague scrap of con
versation floated out upon the hot after
noon air to-day in front of the Union Sav
ings Bank. Two gentlemen were standing
on the corner, engaged in earnest conver
sation. One was T. T. Dargle, one of the
proprietors of the Oakland Tribune and
member of the State Centra! Committee
of the Republican party from the Fiftieth
Assembly District. The other was Edson
F. Adams, one of the wealthiest men in
Oakland, banker, and proprietor of an ex
tensive system of dock 3.
The first remark was fh'ade by Mr. Dar
gie and the second by Mr. Adams, and it
was all an election bet upon the result of
the Congressional primary next August.
But the remarkable feature of the bet
was that Ed?on F. Adams was making a
wager that Henry P. Dalton would defeat
Victor H. Metcalf. while Mr. Darsie was
taking the side of Mr. Metcalf. The bet
was a modest one — only a hat. But It was
not the bet but the side taken by Mr.
Adams that raised the rncldent to the
value of news.
Two years apro County Assessor Henry
P. Dalton struck Mr. Adams in the As
sessor's office. They were then the most
bitter enemies in all Alameda County. In
those days Dalton was doubling the
Adams assessments and trying: to make
him pay all kinds of taxes. Mr. Adams
was lighting Mr. Dalton at every turn of
the road, personally, politically and le
gally. They were hiring special attornevq
with which to pro?erute each other. It all
culminated one morning when Mr. Adams
and his attorney went to Mr. Dalton's
office to serve him with a legal notice.
Words were passed and Mr. Dalton pro
ceeded to "mix" matters more thoroughly
with his fists, to the detriment of Mr.
Adams' complexion.
Now Mr. Adams is supporting Mr. Dal
ton for Congress where he opposed him
for Assessor. Mr. Adams does not hesl
j tate to pay that he is for Dalton and
against Metcalf. arid he tell 3 the story of
I why it is so if he gets talking.
Mr. Adams Is the owner of quite a con
siderable area of docks and wharves alonsr
the southern water front of Oakland. *For
several years Mr. Adams has been trying
to have the Federal Government dredge in
front of his wharves In order to increasa
their value. The citizens of Alameda. en
the other hand, have been trying to secure
the completion of the tidal canal. Thers
was not money enough in the appropria
tion to do both pieces of work and Mr.
Adams besran a campaign to have tho
dredging done before the tidal canal ws#
begun. The citizena of Alameda blocked
his desires and then he began a flght
acainst ever completing the tidal canal.
j This made trouble in Alameda. for the
I <=ewer system of the encinal city was de
signed with the expectation that the canal
would be finished, and to stop work upon
it now would be very serious to that city.
Mr. Metcalf decided that the tidal canal
was a necessity and he exerted his influ
ence in Congress for the completion of the
ditch. Mr. Adams labored with him. but
in vain. Mr. Metcalf was willing to help
the dredging of Oakland harbor alonsr.
and he began a campaign to secure more
money for Oakland that this might l>«»
done, but he stood by the tidal canal
first.
Now Ed?on F. Adams is waperine hats
that Henry P. Dalton will defeat victor
H. Metcalf for Congress.
EDSON F. ADAMS.
iTISS FREDA GAIXICK.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway,; June 27.
There was more legal struggling over
the affairs of the estate of the late Cap
tain J. W. Smith to-day, and though At
torney P. C. Judkins abandoned the point
upon which he asked delay the last time
he found another point on which to' keep
the estate open and continue the flght
over the bonds of the California and Ne
vada Railway. Again did Attorney A. E.
Bolton. the attorney for C. H. Smith, the
ron and heir of the old railroad builder,
fay in open court that the railroad had
been sold and that this litigation was
merely a scheme to delay the sale.
When the case was called Attorney P.
C. Judkins did not urge the charge that
fome of the old items in the account of
the administrator had been illegally paid.
He was thoroughly satisfied when Admin
istrator C. K. King of the estate with
drew his final account and filed it as an
annual account. That prevented the clos
ing of the estate and gave him the time he
desired. -
C. K. Kinp stated that since the decision
of Commissioner Heacock he believed that
the bonds beloriged to the estate and he
was going to sue for them-
Attorney Bolton objected very strongly.
Then it was he announced that the road
had been sold and that this was merely
delay to prfevent the sale. He showed re
ceipts and quitclaims in full from all
heirs to-C. H. Smith, but Judge Ogden
continued the case until July 20 in order to
give time for this suit to be brought. I
Another Charge That litigation Is
Being Carrkd On to Hurt Sale
of California and Nevada
lane.
Administrator C X. ' King
Wants to Sue for the
Bonds.
LITIGATION TO
DELAY SALE OF
THE RAILROAD
Oakland Office San Francisco. Call,
1118 Broadway, June 27.
By the upsetting of his wagon on 'the
Fish ranch road yesterday afternoon
Paul Stuener, a teamster employed by
"White Hat" Carthy, the horseman, was
pitched out and thrown fifty feet down an
embankment, suffering Injuries from
which he died this morning at Fablola
Hospital. Charles Burke, 15 years old,
residing at 322 Hitch street, San Francis
co, was also thrown out, but was saved
from death by being caught in the upset
wagon.
The big ranch team did not go over the
cliff, but balanced on the edge of the
grade. Assistance Was at hand quickly,
as a party of campers in the canyon wit
nessed the accident, and D. J. McCarthy,
W. D. Carroll and A. Shuey, who were
driving behind, came along in time to ex
tricate the boy and the horses from the
wreck. . v: '¦¦*-¦
Stuener was dragged out of the canyon
unconscious. His skull was severely frac
tured. Both arms were broken, as was
the left leg, from the fall, his body hav
ing pounded heavily over protruding rocks
on the face of the cliff to the creek In the
canyon below. In the party who assisted
them were Dr. Will Moskiman of the
Oakland baseball team and Dr. Harry
Bell, who, with Miss Catherine Sarsfleld.
Miss Jennie Sarsfleld. Miss Josephine
Sarsfleld, Day Baxter and Harold Baxter,
were returning from a camping visit.
Stuener was taken with Burke, who suf
fered a bad lacerat'on of his legs, to
Fablola Hospital. He old not recover con
sciousness.
Burke explained that the team was up
set through the sharp cramping of the
wagon wheels when Stuener was makingr
an abrupt turn in the road just after they
had crossed the divide in the Berkeley
hills. The wagon was loaded with sup
plies for the McCarthy ranch In Contra
Costa County.
Little is known of* Stuener. He had
worked among the ranches In Contra
Costa County for some time. It was said
he recently received word from Germany
that he was heir to a large estate, but
that he would have to .work until a settle
ment of the property could be effected. An
inquest- was held to-night.
Paul Stuener, Teamster for "White
Hat" McCarthy, Killed and
Charles Burke /Tnjured by
Upsetting of "Wagon.
Fatal Accident That Oc
curred on the Pish
Ranch Road.
HURLED DOWN A
STEEP GRADE TO
DEATH OH ROCKS
Oakland Office San Francisco. Call,
1118 Broadway, June 27..
C. Schmeer, shortstop; W. Hammond,
catcher; W. Dunlevy, right fielder, and
Mike Steffani. pitcher, have been black>
listed and suspended from the California
Baseball League for five years because
they abandoned them contracts with the
Oakland team. Manager J. Ca.l Ewing of
the Oaklanda took this action to-day.
The rules under which he acted pre.
vent the blacklisted players from taking
part Curing the -period of suspension in
any game played upon any grounds con.
trolled by the California league.
The four suspended tall-tossers have
Joined the Butte. (Mont.) team. Schmeer,
Dunleavy and Hammond left several days
ago. Steffani had been negotiating for
several weeks and closed up the contract
to-day. He left for Butte to-night.
Manager Ewlng declares* he does not
•feel the loss of the men, although he
Is much displeased at their desertion of
his team. In their places are Henry Man
gerinl, A. Arrelanes and George Borch
ers.
"We have a better man In Borchers
than Steffani.'Vsaid Ewing to-day, "be
cause George can play almost any posi
tion on the team, something- Steffani
could not do. He Is a good pitcher. That
is all: These men who have jumped thefr
contracts may know what they are do-
Ing, but I will gamble they will all be.
come very tired before the hard ButU
winter is over.
"None of these men is strong enough
to play In the National League, and with
the suspension staring them in the face
here I. win .venture the opinion that they
will be sorry they quit."
StefEani - Follows Schaneer, I>unleavy
and Hammond and Signs With
the Butte Team of Ball-
Tossers.
Oaklanders Who Jumped
Contract^ Placed on the
Blacklist.
EWING SUSPENDS
A QUARTET OF
BASEBALL MEN
CALIFORNIA ACTRESS
TO WED A JOURNALIST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUKE 28, lf)OO.
ONCE ENEMIES, BUT
NOW WARM FRIENDS
RBNALDO REID.
9
THE SUMMER GIRL IN COSTUME.
THE PROPER WAY TO DRAPE COLUMBIA.
THE LADIES OF THE WHITE HOUSE FOR
THE PAST CENTURY.
HOW THE BOXtRS^DRILL FOR WARFARE.
A Member Poses for the Sundiy CalL
By GENERAL SHAFTER.
HOW 1 SPENT THE FOURTH
* at f> ? UTTi i r> rv
DOUBTERS.
GBAPE-NTJTS.
Can Be Changed by Knowledge.
If there is any doubt about making
brain power by the use of certain food,
the doubter should make the folloiving
experiment.
Helen Frances Huntington of Gaines-
ville, Ga., says: "Just a word of com-
mendation concerning " Grape- Nuts,
which I have found to be the mo?t
wholesome, nourishing and appetizing
food that has ever come to my knowl-
edge.
"I am not a dj'speptic. but being con-
stantly engaged in severe brain work I
found that I did not thrive on ordinary
diet: even a moderate dinner dulled
my brain so as to be practically inca-
pable of critical work. I tried mcat-
juice. peptonoids, the two meal system
of Sight breakfast and no supper, which
brought on nervous depletion and sleep-
lessness, so I resorted to one and an-
other of the various health foods, which
ail fecmed alike tasteless and valueless
as a brain food, until quite by chance I
had a dish of Grape-Nuts food served
as dessert. I liked it so well that I be-
gan to use it daily, for supper four tea-
spoonsful in a saucer of hot milk, eaten
before it dissolves to mtishiness. •
"This point should be remembered, as
•after a certain time evaporation seems to
affect the sweet, nutty flavor of the food,
as in the case of certain fine-flavored
fruits.
"The result in my case was simply as-
tonishing. 1 had no desire whatever for
sweet pastries, meats, or, infact t any-
thing else: and my^brain was as clear
and active at night as on awaking from
a long, refreshing sletp.
"The peculiar advamge about Grape-
Nuts food is that it supplies the nutritive
qualities of a varied diet without the bad
results of heavy eating. I cheerfully rec-
ommend its use to all brain workers, if
not as an exclusive diet, certainly for the
last mzil of the day. I always take it
with me when traveling, which saves a
deal of annoyance snd discomfort.** *
Thi four great wheat elevator centers
sr» Minneapolis, Duluth, Chicago and
Tuffalo. >«Sr
\
By the Best Newspaper Artists on
the Pacific Coast.
xxxxxxxx
FULL=PAGE 7
ILLUSTRATIONS I
IN THE GREAT ART MAGA^
ZINE SECTION OF NSXT
WILL APPEARi
THE SUND AY CALiTLEADS THEM ALLTHE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, THURSDAY, JUNE 28, 1 900.
10
SAX FRAXCXSCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
CaJl. corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every; night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m,
300 Haves Etreet; eDen until 9:30 p. m.
CS» Mr a:: if ter Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
Cl 5 Larkln street; cpen until 8;S0 p. in.
IS4I Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m. \\-
22C1 Mission street, comer Sixteenth; open
until S ; . m.
106 Eleventh Etreet; open until 8 p. m.
1054 Valencia street: open until 8 p. m. !
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky gtreets; open until 9p. m. - --. .'>'* .-'-'-¦--
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA~LodgT~Xo. L F. and ji ft
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. June 2S, at 7:X3 o'clock. jOf
Third d€-cree. By order of the Mas-'xr A
ter. FItAXKLiy 11. DAY. Sec.
MISSION Chapter No. 78. R. A. M.— A
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _ftV.
EVENING, 7 :::.,• o'cl-.ok. Mark Mnster >£3P
degree. By order of the 11. P. /Vi
JNO. R. HILLMAX, Seo.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M. ft"
— Ppeeial meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _*V_
F.VENING, at 7:2; o'clock. Third de- j£3c
cree. Master Matins cordially Invited. /TT >
By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
DOIUC Lodge No 216, F. and A. M.— m
Fiwcial meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _**_
EVENING, at :.--' o'clock. Third <>->t>K
cree. Master Masons are Invited. By»V»
order of the Marter. J. R, GQLDSMITH.
Secretary.
HALL of Occidental Lodge No. 179, v <uu^
I. O. O. F.— lnitiation THIS :&>"«ScC.
(THUJISDAY) EVKNING. Visit-
ing brothers welcome -"%»««?*•
J. L. HUPMAN. N. O.
THE San Franc'.sco Scottish Thistle » 0%,
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) {\Sj
EVENING. Fraternity Hall. 32
O'FarreM et.. at 8 o'clock. "*fcs?»
"Smoker" follows.
JOHN ROSS. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Society— A meeting
of the i/icnle committee will be held at K.
R. B. Hall THURSDAY EVENING, June 2S,
at 8 o'clock, to make arrangements for the
fourteenth annual picnic, which will take
f'lace at Shell Mound Park, Sunday, August
Prompt attendance requested.
W. J. O'BRIEN. Chairman.
DANIEL HOLLAND. Secretary.
RIGGERS* and Stevedores' Union Association.
A special meeting for the election of officers
will he held THIS (THURSDAY EVENING.
June 2S. at 7: S> o'clock. A full attendance Is
requested. R. ROBINSON, President.
F. E. DURHAM. Rec. Sec.
INDIA famine relief fund— Grand benefit "con-
cert THIS EVENING. Metropolitan Temple.
Kalibl M. ISRAEL PRYCE, A, M., LL.D..
will lecture on "The Immortality of the
S-rtSl."
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of The Santa Fe Ter-
minal Company of California will be held at
the office of the company, No. S2l Market St..
Pan Francisco, Cal.. on TUESDAY, the 17th.
day of July. l? 00. at De hour of 2 o'clock p.
m., for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year and
the transaction of such other business as may
• come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
CELLING apent wanted— Party to take produc-
tion of magnet wire factory as felling agent
en Pacific Coart and old Mexico: only those
who can handle large business will be con-
eldered. Address P. O. box 1177, Providence,
Rhode Island.
J2SCO CAN be made during next 6 monltu by
bustling agents handling bur white and fancy
rubber cellars, cuffs, bosoms, neckties; patent-
ed guaranteed pood*; Inclose Ftamp for Epe-
clal plan. M. & M. Mfg. Co.. Springfield. Mass.
tVE want a nunsber of live, energetic men ar.d
women; light out-door employment; genteel.
THE J. DEWING CO.. room 12. Flood bldg. I
AGENTS wanted: pood pay. 226 Pine St.,
Alaska Information Bureau.
TWO solicitors for law and collection agency.
Box O>Z. CaK.
ASTROLOGY.
MRS. Sadie Dunn, scientific astrologlst, strictly
re!iab> on all matters pertaining to life and
' bufini-ff: horoscope readings. $1. 2710 Sutter.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
r' wT KlNGT^ttcrney at law. 927 Market et..
room C2T; estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
no advance charges; money leaned oa estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, B£>o Market,cor.Slockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market et.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., S?7 Mar-
k^t St.; consultation free: no fees In advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILES— Fred WARD 7L BON.
Acents. it Fremont rt.
PATH CABINETS.
HOBINSON $5. 4-panel folding; door opens: firm
and cafe. W. S. BROTVy, gen, agt., 426 Ellis.
BICYCLES For Sale or Eichanec
GOOD Becond-hand bicycles, all kinds and
sizeg f.t ALLEN'S. 1370 Page st.
UOOKS MSW A.\O OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and. exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission ft., near Third.
IIIiLGIA.V UARE&
BELGIAN HARES!! "~
All the popular strains at greatly reduced
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE
ASSOCIATION. Alameda, CaL
ELEGANT line of imported does Just received:
from $5 up; pedigree guaranteed; Yukon and
other strains. 23a Hyde St., corner Eddy.
FOR pale— Very fine Btock of high-score, pedi-
greed Belgian hares, all scored by Mrs. Bush.
lOfflti Sutter ct.. San Francisco.
TEEMOXT Belgian Hare Co.. 2134 Fillmore «t..
San Francisco, Cal. — Send 6c In stamps for
book en care and feeding.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE C 0..609 Gol-
den Gatg aye.. S.F.. SOO rabbits for sale cheap.
HIGH scoring, pedigreed stock, reasonable.
Royal Rat-bury. 2U Golden Gate aye.. 3. F.
BOABDING KOR CIIILDIiE.\".
PRIVATE home for children by day, week or
month; 1 day to 14 years; select neighborhood;
mother's care; eunny yard. 1304 Post St.. cor.
Franklin: yhnn- Larkln CS7. two bells.
BL'SIXESS CHANCES. )
A DAY saloon doing a large business; mostly
liquor trade: fixtures, glassware, etc.; $900;
Ftock at Invoice. Particulars, R. G. WILKE,
::6fr Kearny Et.
A— £oo; COP.NER grocery and bar on Brannan
Ft.; rent $25; living rooms: a good paying
business. Cail U. G. WILKE, 2CH Kearny at.
A— J3PO; PARTNER wanted In coffee saloon
and chop house; close to Market Et.; a eplen-
did offer for the right man. Call R O.
•VVILKE. 2CVt Kearny gt. *
A— $100; CANDY store and factory; close to
Powell and Market sts.; rent J4O; good pay-
ing business ;• eickness cause at eale. R. O.
WILKE. 26J4 Kearny st.
A— SIOCO; CORNER grocery and bar; established
year* and known as a money making place;
bes>t location: close to Chronicle building. See
It. G. WILKE. £6% Kearny rt.
A— 11000; GROCERY and bar on San Bruno
road; living rooms; cheap rent; splendid open-
Ing for an active young man; party wishing
to retire from business cause of sale. Call
K. G. WILKE. Kearny Bt.
A— sl3oo; CORNER; wine and liquor store; only
. one block from Market; rent $50; horse,
v.uyr.n and a large etocV; eplendid paying
business; disagreement of partners cause of
eaie. See It. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny st. ¦
A— 12000; BEST paving corner grocery and bar
t.n Hayes el; no rent to pay; a splendid
chance. See R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny tt.
JW« — PARTNER wanted In a first-class saloon
one block north of Market; owner leaving for
Europe. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kcarnyet.
11. GRIFFIN. 719 Market: rra. J. nr. Call bldg.
Variety etore; clears t*o; tr.tn or woman, JC2S
Cigar ftand and laundry office: old stand 123
Stationery and notions; nice for lady.... 850
Delicacy store; central; pood business.... 210
l>aJry kitchen: rood; dally sales $15., 200
Grocery and delicacy Ftore; Investigate... 47$
Branch bakery end delicacy; clears 1100.. 450
JO-PORK Etore; ham. bacon and delicacies;
eiegant business. LANE & CO.. 865 Market.
$730— BAKEIIY baking 3 bbls. a day; 2 borsee.
wagon, banif:»s; line store trade; living
room?; a bargain. LANE & CO., £65 Market.
$<po— CHOP and oyster house; great sacrifice oa
account cf sickness. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777 ] /i Market at. - , .
jSOC^-PAUTXER In cosmetic parlors; lady ,or
gent: tSOO per tno. Kredo & Dutton. 28 Geary.
SZ:-O— HAIRDRESSING rs-rlorw; * elegantly fur-
nished rooms. KREDO & DUTTON. 26 Geary.
FOR rent—Home bakery: oven, tooli and fli-
ture« for eaie chop. 22? Fourth tt.
FOR sale— Well-stocked and good-located «a-
locn: toed business. €17 Seventh et
HI'SI\ESS CDAXCES— COXTIMJED.
A^oM'^?n?rr.7rrr!7?3oooTrr7rr^". .?. ~.!^vm
; PARTNER WANTED .:........:..
Handsomely fitted bakery and lunch parlor
must have partner; too much business foi
proprietor to handle alone; best possible lo-
cation across the bay; near railroad depot;
all first-class custom; positive guarantee frorr
owner that business clears $400 a mo.; bookj
open for Inspection: investigation solicited.
STENBERQ CO.. 533 Market st.
A— s4so; RESTAURANT; best block on lead-
ing street: doing good business: meals 20c
and upward: estab. years; fine for man and
wife. STENBERQ CO.. 535 Market St.
A— s2oo; 9-ROOM lodging-house in center of
city; north of Market: owner leaving State;
must sell. STEXBERG CO.. 935 Market st.
FOR sale— ln the live mining town of Sonora,
county seat: Ice cream and candy factory,
with restaurant attached: finest place and
does best business in county, making good
money; no opposition; splendid opportunity
for man and wife; investigation solicited;
owner wishes to sell at or.cc on account of
sickness. Call or addresn room 240. Golden
West Hotel. S. F.
MODERN butcher shop; central part of Oak-
land, near Broadway, doing cash business of
ir-00 per week; rent $50: owner must sell on
account of sickness. RALEIGH & CO.. 464
Ninth St.. Oakland.
LEADING hotel in Monterey: 35 rooms, parlor,
dlnlnK-room. kitchen, bar; completely furn.;
will r?nt. sell or exchange. For particulars
write JOHNSON & CARK, Monterey, Cal.
WANTED— Party with $15,000 to buy % inter-
est in established manufacturing business;
will net $WOO per month profit; Immediate ac-
tion required. Box l? 10. Call.
ONE or two men with some experience In
quart* mining wanted to work gold mine on
shares. Address box ISI7. Call office.
SAIXX)N and flat, 6 rooms; opposite railroad
depot; cheap rent: sellir.p on account of Blck-
nes;! at a bargain. Apply 721 Davis st.
CANDY etore for sale; good stock and fixtures:
low rent: no agents. ISS Hayes st.
FOR sale— A strictly good business; restaurant;
100 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery us-
ing 2 barrels flour dally; horse and wagon:
lodging-house. 34 rooms, newly furnished;
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant. Bakers-
| field. Cal.
GOOD-PAYING candy store, ice cream parlor;
established 16 years: principal street; easily
clearing JlOO a month: finest chance In the
world for widow or two parties; full investi-
gation cr trial allowed. See owner, 22 Sixth.
AN oldest established confectionery, candy. Ice
cream store, parlor and large factory. In
Oakland; very best location; trial solicited;
present owner must go to Seattle. Particu-
lars 4C2 Tenth St., rm. 1L Oakland; no agents.
SNAP — Fruit store: suitable for man and
wife: owner going to Nome. Apply 114
Larston Bt.
WISHING to retire I will sell by blacksmith
shop and tools at Blacks Station, Tolo Coun-
ty; it is a good paying business and good lo-
cation. Inquire at Blacks Station. WIL-
LIAM SANDROCK. proprietor.
NICE family liquor store, with bar, at Invoice
value; must be sold at once. Apply 112 Taylor
Bt. Saloon, doing good business, in wholesale
district; price reasonable. Apply 601 Market.
$3000 WILL buy a flret-class steam laundry
doing a fine business; trial given to any party
wishes to buy. Address G. ST. CLAIR, Santa
Rosa. Cal.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.: fine
location; place Is entirely covered; contains 3
stalls; rent only $15: water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO.. «4 Call bldg.
GROCERY and bar with 4 living rooms for
pale; furniture If desired. Apply at 230 Min-
na st.
FOR sale — Fruit and oyster stand. 1576 Market
ft.; cheap if sold at once.
HALF business horseshoeing shop for Bale. 620
Davis st.
DON'T mles the tripods and lamps at the
BACKUS STUDIO, 11 Geary; other bargains.
COFFKE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & C 0... 412 Sacramento et.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia ft.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, room 1. nr Call bldg.
Many houses for sale. Tel. Black ISO 3.
Sl.-.00 — 26 rooms; nice corner; transient.
$1400 — 26 rooms; bon ton; permanent; Income
$260. Several good rmall houses cheap.
CARRIAGES AND WACO! S.
ALL kinds of wagons, bujrifiM, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 fxprfw wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at M 2 Mission st.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. work & driving horses. 15th tc Valencia.
CAPE SOME.
—^» J^^-^- -? — '.~ — ~~ ~— j^~~^~~—-~~-
Al STEAMERS for Cape Nome; sailings July
8 and 10; fare $50. C. F. MOORE. 355 Market
Et.. room &
CARPET BEATIXG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works, &3-307 Tehama fet.; tel. S. 49.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
342-344 McAllister St.; phone South 14S.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74. . -. t >,;-
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr., BS-40 Sth St.; tel. South 2&0.
J.McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4i3 Stevenson Bt., teL South ?28; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Bt.; teL Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter Et.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126. - ¦'"¦ - -i
SPIRITUALISM.
GO to Watson, spiritual medium. and palmist;
"lucky and truest" readings, 25c up. ICBI
Market tt.. near Twelfth.
C. MAYO-STEERS, lir.i Oak Bt.; last public
circle to-day. 2 p. m.. 25c; readings, $1.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 605 McAllister St.; 10c; come, skeptics.
KAli EBERHARDT'S spiritual test meeting
tonight. 3250 Twenty-second st., cor Bartlett.
AT Friendship Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. Mey-
er; convincing test to-night 10c; sittings dally.
WYLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays Included.
MRS. DUNHAM, medium; readings daily; dr.
Tues.. Fri.. 2. Bp. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
MRS. KOTTER, spiritual medium; sittings; G.
|L L. 50c; clr. Mo., Wed., Fn.. 10c. 34 Sixth.
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test.buslness
medium. Jlfe reader; sitting. $L' 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 205 Turk Bt.,
may be consulted on all affairs of life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles; restore lost affec-
tions: unite the separated; satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for circular with
frpecial terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 205 Turk
et.. near Jones.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 2£c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles SOc,
gents $1; palm. & clalr.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay: 25c & sO<i.' 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212& Sixth st. ,
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader; readings. 25c; no sign.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth Ft
MME. SYBILLE — Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
less successful. Room 3in. $27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
PERRY, S3— Cottage 7 rooms; large sunny
yard; sun all day; rent $l«.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-"
ket et., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood. bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly;' teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 CO up; plates, extractions free. $4 SO up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charre for extracting when plates . are
made; old ¦ plates made over like new; teeth
from JS per set; extracting, SOc; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
DX. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. on
vacation : from June 13 until July 1.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth. ¦> ,- .
SET of teeth without olata. DR. EL'} G.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk St. ¦ .
DOG HOSPITALS."
DR. • CREELY'S C. P. dog soap creates a
smooth, silky coat: for sale by all druggists
or at the hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye. '
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Poet. Fllimbre— !
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits' sl 50; all j
animals treated; dog 3 boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AAD SUA.MSTKRSSUS
PARISIAN dressmaking, 357 Geary at.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWRLL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring; cv. class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT, 530 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDEON pleating factor}-; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, o\-er O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market Bt.
AYRES'. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; life scholarship, $50; includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve. -
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln St.:
the coming school: thorough; up-to-date; all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1564.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 533 Market.
SCHOOL OF ACTlNG— Lyceum Theater, 310
O'Farrell; positions grntd. to finished pupils.
LAW schools, 927 Market. S. F.. and 903 Broad-
wny, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
HEALD'S ZSUSINKSS COLLEGE. 2* Post at.,!
S. F. ; founded ISC3;,£O-page catalogue free.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladies and gentlemen. O. Slnz. 36 Geary, r. 34.
GALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand; bookkeeping. Parrott big.; cat'log..
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School: modeling,
deslfrnlng, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
EMPLO YMISAT Ob'KiCliiS.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds helpi
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay 86.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. BP6H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
EMPLO VME.Vr WASTBO KKMALH.
A RELIABLE Invalid's nurse or housekeeper
desires a situation, $30; also Infant's nurse,
$25; cook, $30, and daughter as second girl.
$20, in city or short distance in country.
MISS J. F. KELLY. 413 Powell St.. near Sut-
ter.
LADY teacher desires situation as resident
governess to teach English, German and
grammar or high-school branches; references
exchanged. Box 1829, Call.
COMPETENT woman wishes to do washing,
ironing and housecleaning by the day. S3SS
Mission st.
A GERMAN girl wishes a position to do house-
work and nlain cooking; wages $15 to $16 per
month. 502 Bush st.
AN elderly lady with experience In nursing
would like to take care of an Invalid or chil-
dren for room and board. Call at 8 Hayes St.
TYPEWRITING to do at home; will call for
and deliver work. Box ISI4, Call.
GERMAN lady wishes position to cook; city or
country: good references. Box IS3O, CalL
A GIRL wishes a position to do plain house-
work. 1113 Fifth aye.. South San Francisco.
DRESSMAKER and ladies' tailor; sews in
families, fl 50. Address box 694, Call offlce.
A FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a situation In
private family In city or country. 721 Bush.
INTELLIGENT middle-aged widow, a stranger
In city, wishes position as housekeeper; good
plain cook; or charge of rooming house. Call
32<Hi Sutter St.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted by relia-
ble young woman; city or country; refer-
ences. Call at 233 Third et., afternoons.
YOUNG jrirl Just from the East wishes situa-
tion caring for child; would like to sleep
home. Apply 116ty Langton Bt.
WOMAN wishes plain washing to do at home;
would take It every day if required. Address
621 Jessie St., off Seventh, rear.
YOUNQ lady wishes position as stenographer
and typewriter; best references. Box 672. Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free dus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
GOOD bookkeeper and accountant, young mar-
ried roan, well acquainted with the wholesale
trade of this city, competent and reliable, de-
elres a position; best of references. Box ISIL
Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man with wife and two chil-
dren, ag&l 12 and 14 years, wishes place on
ranch; experienced. Address S. E.. 1824 Vir-
ginia St., Berkeley, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, desires work
in private family; thorough experience; strict-
ly sober; use no tobacco; not afraid of work;
undeniable ref. Address R., 569 Mission st.
RELIABLE, temperate, experienced man of 33
wants employment In store, offlce or cigar
. etand; day work; -wages not particular ob-
ject. Box 1808, Call.
ELDERLY man wants Job to take care prop-
erty; town or country; reference and security.
Box 1&09. Call office.
GERMAN mechanic, brushmaker, wants posi-
tion or work by the day for house or offlce
cleaning; handy In carpenter work and var-
nishing; own tools. Box 1823, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS pantryman wants work at once.
Call 320H Sutter st.
SOBER, steady man, experienced gardener,
-with Al references; handy with tools; carpen-
ter, plumbing, painting, etc ; can run steam
or gasoline engine; wages $30 and found.
Address A. M., box 1801. Call office.
STEADY young man, experienced as porter or
man about place, wants position In city. Ad-
dress 8., box ISI9, CaJl offlce.
MANY years' experlencd Japanese cook wants
position; city or country. Box . ISO 6, Call..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 109G Va-
lencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician
1071% Market (near , 7th>— Examinations free*
• German eye water by mail, 50c; see Qlty Di-
rectory. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examined free: spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS, cottages, etc. A. M. SPECK &
CO.. 067 Market »t.
726 Bush; f., 4 r...512 60388 Tehama; f., 4r..sU
112 Fell; t.. 4 r $16 3354 20th; f., 5 r......51l
132 Scott: f.. 6 r.....518 250V4 Tehama: f.. 5 r.slo
E75 Geary: f., 4 r $9 650 A Jessie; f.. 3 r.. $9
A— 3 UPPER sunny modern flats, S and 6 rms.
bath each. 867, 973, 875 Golden Gate aye. "
A— B-ROOM fiat; corner; sunny: 7 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; Ist floor. 417H Third.
CALIFORNIA, 1410H, near Hyde— Handsome
lower flat 8 rooms.
CORNER flat, of 6 sunny rooms . and bath-
above quiet grocery; rent $15. 110' San Josi
avenue.
CORNER; upper flats, 7 rooms and bath. $12;
S room* and bath. $10. 4499 Seventeenth st.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; stationary wash-
tubs; $12. 819 Jessie st. .
FLAT, $13; also sunny 4-room cottage, $10; key
at E23 Second at., rear Mall Dock.
FULTON. 225— Flat of 3 rooms;, rent $9. ..
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.IO Montgomery.
SACRAMENTO. 1361— Bay-window flat of ' S
rooms; rent $12 60. , .:
BUNNY upper flat; 8 rooms; bath; all sunny
rent $25u Cor. Broadway and Larkln st. -*
S.W. COR.. Just r completed. • upper flat of 7 "
rooms; all sunny and up-to-date ' In- every
particular, $35. 1617 Page at. .
$B— UPPER fiat; 3 sunny rooms. 242 Harriet' st.
near Sixth, bet. Harrison ana Bryant.- ... '.
$12-6 ROOMS and bath. 1718 A Leavenworth
/etreet. '. ¦ '. ... ; ¦¦-.: ¦ „ .... ?-.¦ .:; ¦ . ¦
FUKSITtKE KOR ¦ SALE. ; ,
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50.' with No. [
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 'Market.-
FUUNITUKE WASTED; :
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission ; st. pays '.
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
,W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys i
- Xurnlture, carpets. 757, Mission; 8353.,
HELP WAHTED-FEHALB. ;
C. R. HANSEN & C 0.... ... ; .Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT : . . .. ;.
2 , waitresses, v Bakersfield, $30; 2 waitresses,
Freeno, *25, all fare here; 10 waitresses, , other
commercial bouses. • $20 and $25; 2 restaurant
waitresses, country, $25; 3 waitresses, springs,
$20; 2 waitresses, city, $20; 3 chambermaids to
wait. city. J2O; 2 chambermaids. $18 and $17 60,
city; woman cook, $30; "fancy ironer. $35.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Woman for cleaning for < Institution, $25;
second ¦fflrl..: $20, and housegirl, $25, same
place; housegirl," Gilroy. $25; colored girl for
housework, city, $20; housegirl. Petaluma. $23;
housegirl gcod home, Grass Valley. $20, $25,
fare paid; nurseglrl, $10; 15 others. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
"WANTED-^Flrst-class German cook for hotel,
¦ $40; cook, small country hotel. $35; cook, pri-
vate family, short distance, $30; Protestant sec-
ond girl, short distance, $25; neat Irish second
Klrl,. country, $25; 2 second girls, city. $20; 6
waitresses, country, $25; 5 waitresses and
chambermaids, city, $20; 4 waitresses, springs,
$20; Protestant woman as scrub girl for In-
stitution, $25; 50 girls for general housework,
city and country, $20, $25 and $30. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT. 316 Sutter st. ¦
A RESTAURANT cook, city, $25; 2 German
cooka. $25 each: ranch cook. Woodland, $20.
fare paid; ranch cook New Hope, $20; house-
work, Berkeley, $25; San Jose. $25; Santa
Cruz, $25, 3 In family, and several other
towns; 2 second girls, city, $20 each; laun-
dress. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 GERMAN cooks, city. $30 each: 10 chamber-
maids and waitresses, city and country, $20
and $25; 40 house girls, city. $20 to $30; nurse
girl. $20. • MISS J. F. KELLY, 413 Powell St.,
near. Sutter.
WANTED— A girl, about 12 to 15 years of age,
to tend to a child 2 years old; wages, $5
month. 4S9H Clementina st., bet.' Fifth and
Sixth. San Francisco. Cal.
YOUNG girl of 15 to 16 years of age to assist
In light housework. 903 Stelner st., corner
Fulton.
WANTED— GirIs and young women for light
work In laundry. Apply Monday morning at
1519 Eddy st. .
WANTED — Girls and young women for light
work In laundry. Apply this morning at 1519
Eddy St. - :
W ANTED— Strong, neat girl or woman, assist
general housework, cooking, family of 3. 610
Cole Bt., opposite Chutes. ¦
WOMAN wanted as general Ironer; wages. $30
and found. , Apply Stanford Laundry, Palo
Alto.
A FIRST-CLASS waitress; must be bright, at-
tractlve girl; $6 week and rm. Box ISIS. Call.
WANTED — Competent girl for housework and
cooking; $20. 12C9 McAllister st.
YOUNG girl wanted; assist with large chil-
dren. 1562 Post St., near Octavla.
A GIRL to assist in general housework. S2S
Turk et.
WANTED — Two first-class waitresses; good
wages. 619 Montgomery st.
GIRL wanted for light housework; good
home. 623 Halght St. ¦
WANTED— A girl for light housework. 622*4
Shotwell st. ¦
A YOUNG girl for light housework. 2777 Twen-
ty-fourth st.
WANTED— Good cook. Apply to MRS. O' SHE A,
Seventeenth and Vermont sts.
WANTED— Woman for cooking and light house-
work; small family. 1521 California, upscalrs.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory, 32V4 Fremont St.:
no exeprlence necessary; (rood wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Cough
and Grove sts.
GOOD reliable male and female help, with ref-
erence, furnished by MISS J. G. KELLY, 413
Powell st., near Sutter; telephone James 1391.
SWEDISH or German girl for general house-
work; small family; no children. , Call at
784 Dolores St., near Twenty- first.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
dress C. H., box 1824. Call offlce.
WANTED — A lady, free from home cares, for
a permanent position as traveler. Address
box 1826. Call offlce.
BRIGHT girls wanted to learn bookbinding
work. Box 693. Call.
YOUNG girl for general housework: wages
$20. Call bet. 10 and 12 a. m., 906 O'Farrell.
WANTED— A lady barber at 316 Third st
GIRL ' for light housework and assist with
baby. 10S Chattanocga St., near 22d. |
COMPETENT chambermaid wishes first-class
work, i 320V4 Sutter st. * ;
RELIABLE woman for cooking and house-
work. 26 Steuart st. ; upstairs.
LIGHT housekeeping; easy place; small wages.
Addrees or call after 4 p. m. at 710 Lombard.
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on ,
gents' white shirts. 535 Valencia et.
WANTED— Waitress. Hotel Repeller. 781 Sut-
ter St. V
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st.. bet. 13th and 14th Bts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WANTED — MALE."-
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.5....104 GEARY ST.
2CO laborers Coast Road, S. P. Co.'s own
work. $2 a <lay
Ship dally... Fee $1 Free Fare
200 teamsters, Coast Road $2 a day
Ship daily Fee $1 Free Fare
2CO railroad men for Truckee $190 a day
Ship dally Fee $1 ..Free Fare
50 4-horse teamsters, L. A. D1v....52 23 a day-
Ship dally ..Fee $1 ..Free Fare
10 tunnel men, $2 25 to $2 50 a day; 10 farmers,
$125 day and board; 20 woodsmen and labor-
ers, fare advanced; 10 teamsters, near city, $1
day and board; 6 miners and machine men.
$2 50 and $3: blacksmith. $2 50 a day; horse-
shoers, $2 50 a day; woodworker, $18 week;
ranch wheelwright, $35; butter maker, $30 and
board; egg candler, wholesale house, $50; man
about place, $25: ehoremen, milkers and others
Furniture polisher
' HOTEL DEPARTMENT
head cook $100, second cook $50, third cook $40,
all for same summer resort, free fare; waffle
man, country hotel, $40, free fare: German
cook, country hotel, $50; cook, country hotel.
60; second cook, $40; third cook, springs, $30,
fare advanced; vegetab)e man, springs, $23,
fare advanced; bread and cake baker, country
hotel, $60; lunchman, $45; 20 dlshwashera and
kitchen hands, $20, $23 and $30
10 waiters, country hotels, $30; 6 waiters,
country hotels, $25; 3 waiters, springs, $25.
bar porter, country hotel, $20.... ;...
assistant silver man. country hotel. $23
Fred Isaacson, the cook, please ca11....,
C. R. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary St.
ENGINEER to run eteam roller, $3 60; 4 black-
smiths, $2 50 and $3 60 day; blackßmlth. help-
ers, $1 25 and $2 day; horseshoer for country
stablemen, $30 and $35 and found; driver for
milk wagon, $30; can washer, $45; 4 mllker9,
$30; 6 farmers, $30; carpenter, plain work,
$2 50 day; cabinet makers,- $2 to $3 day. and
other mechanics. J. F. CROSETT Agency
628 Sacramento st. 7 '
MAN about place and wife, $40 and found; 3
miners. $40 and found and $3 day; 3 laborers
for mine, $2 day; woodsmen and laborers for
mills and woods; teamsters and many other
men at going wages. J. F. CROSETT Agency,
628 Sacramento st. .? ¦:
COOK .for Central America, fare paid, « $50
month; 2 ranch cooks, $30 and $35: restaurant
cooks; neataurant cook; restaurant waiter for
country. $30; colored kitchen man, $25; 3 hotel
waiters for country, $30, and others. J. F.
CROSETT Agency, 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED '. ....'.
.Circular sawyer. .............$75 and board
edger .......V.. ........560 and board
10 laborers around mill and yard (no experi-
ence needed), $30 and b0ard...........;.....;..
free far« to above mill ...-
2 farmers, •$1 60 a day and board; dairyman
for ranch, $30; man and wife, country, $40; 4
ranch teamsters. $1 25 a day; G men Uo hoe
weeds, $1 15 a day; farmer for vineyard, $30;
man to handle pumps and Irrigation large
ranch; dishwasher, country hotel, $25; black-
smith helper. 5WjjjWW) i WIM Hi l|iMHß|ip Kjj
W. , D. EWER & CO. , 610 Clay gt.
WANTED — Young man, bet. 16 and 20, to drive
delivery wagon; must have experience driving
In Western Addition. • Call ¦ to-day, between s 9
and 12,'BERNHEIM & BLUM, cor. Polk and
.-; Sutter sts. V ' : , !- ¦ • • .'.-¦ .- .. .
WANTED — An experienced millinery buyer and
manager - for large retail department; state
age, experience, reference, salary. Apply box
1812, . Ca11- office. -¦¦ ; . , ...
MAN and wife for private family in ; country;
man :to >' care " for ) horse, cow. . etc. ; wife ¦• to
cook and chamber work. . Call •at 19 Battery
Bt. V. R. ULMAN.
WANTED— All white laborers to Join the Com-"
mon Laborers' > Union for Economy." Address
by ISADOR FRANK, Sunday, July 1, 2 p. m "
SO9 Market st.;. admission^ freer '
WANTED— A ¦ No. . 1 . horseshoer, married < man
' I)re Trj7 ed - to make ' himself a home. ; Inquire
at HOLT BROS.' CO.; 30-32 Main St. ,
WANTED-FRED -ISAACSON, the cook, at
once. . Cook's 'Association. 11 Stockton Bt. ¦A ¦
BRIGHT ! boy, 1 17 . years : : one i anxious ; to learn
trade. CARSON GLOVE CO., 35 Market St. ;•
A FIRST-CLASS I preesman .on custom-made
. pants. . 411^4 Kearny. at., . top. floor. \ cJXJi'A
c S?^p^4!^^ nn SS n rr 8 vwaseBv wase8^ 11 f ana
HELP WAKTEDr-MALE. '- ;/
A— MURRAY & READY. !.PHONE MAIN 58«
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
.V.T....... WANT 7 A.M. TO-DAY ...... — ••
EOO men for railroad work, reconstruction and
new work on following divisions. ;..... •i---i;
DUNSMUIR.... ...SHASTA TRUCKEE
State of Nevada ;. .....Salt Lake
Sacramento ...".... ........'...Western and
all coast divisions of Cal Santa Barbara
Lqs Angeles We ship you on
. all above divisions, free fare; office fee $1; no
other expenses <:..;
..AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE
•?i .:.... to 35 ¦ sawmills/" etc
No experience wanted •••
663 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
' run machines, wages from $20 to $W per
month; and found •:
also lumber pliers, bark peelers. $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, jackscrewers, bano
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen, in
fact, we want helD of every description for
>< -sawmills, woods, etc., $80, $75. $30. $120. $60,
JIO, $40. J3O and found; DB4 woodchoppers. tie-
makers, tools and food found; some at mines,
$3 $2 50. $2 .$l5O. $1 and 73c cord; shingle
Joiner, shingle packer; 25 laborers lor a saw-
mill, fare paid. Jio and found .' ••
50 laborers, handy with hatchet, to build
¦ flume -. *3o |33, f 4O and found
..HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CREWS..
Header wagon driver, $2 a day and found: 28:
men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work in
fields, header men, etc.. $1 25, $1 50. $2 day
and found; come and see •••••,:
STABLES. VINEYARDS AND ORCHARDS
• GARDENS
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs. $40, $3j,
S3O. *25 and found; buggy washer, $50..
129 vineyard and orchard hands, $33, $30. $20
and found; 5 gardeners, 1 stableman, all for
private families. $30. $25, $20 and found; come
see ; :
DAIRIES, CHEESE FACTORIES
89 milkers for different places, $35, $30 and
found; 5 butter makerß, and run separators,
boss here. $25 and found; 5* cheese makers,
different Jobs. $35 and HO and found; stable-
man, private place, $25 and found; milk
wagon driver, 535 and room
MEN AND BOYS TO CUT FRUIT
BERRY PICKERS
60 boys and men to cut fruit, no experience
required.- Dlecework, can make good waees..
.ALSO 150 BERRY PICKERS...:
4 machine miners $90
MECHANICAL HELP
Blacksmith helper for a mine, $60; fireman,
mines, ?52 CO; spool tender, sawmill company,
$250 day .„
Carpenter, sawmill company, $40 and found,
¦ fare paid
cooper to make butter kegs 18 blacksmiths
and horseshoers, $2 50, $60. $70, $45 and $30
and found ,
50 laborers, S. P. R. R $2 day, free fare
SPECIAL NOTICE— MINES— BIG WAGES
33 laborers for mines, no experience required,
you'll suit, $40 to $4S per month and found;
29 miners, single hand $90 and $75
crowds going to gold mines
For a new mine
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 50, $34 and
found; 6 men and wives for ranches, $10. $35y
$30 and found tx.
Read these carefully
365 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco, $3.
$2 EO, $2.- $1 75 day: many city Jobs, to board
home; 2 strong laboring men. factory, $2 23
day .-
For other position come down and read
bill boards.
12 single-handed miners, fare $2 50, $60 and
found; coal miners, hard-rock men, drillers,
. rock men, hammer men, $2 25 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-63G Clay st.
A— LAUNDRY.... CANDY-MAKER ....COOKS
Candy-maker, country $40
Camp waiters, $25 and $20; second baker, $40
and found; IS cooks, $33, $40, $45 and $60 and
found
Butchers $55 and $30 and found
Cooks for ranches, hay press.... s3o and found
First and second bakers, ¦ $50 and $35, fare
paid; bakers and helpers. $30 and $40' and
found: boy for bakery, $20 and found; cook
and wife; $50 and found; waiters, bakery,
cafes, hotels, resorts, $30, $35 and $40 and
found.
MURRAY & READY. C 34-636 Pay st.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper, stenographer and
typewriter, large company. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TELEPHONE and TELEGRAPH ORDERS....
Coremaker, manufacturing company.... s3 day
All-around butcher $35 to $40 and found
Young man, run rip saw $9 week
Marglers for laundry
Cock and wife or two men for a lumber com-
pany, see boss here 9 coopers, slack work;
3 pantrymen ..3 men for private families;
13 laundrymen and a boy to learn same trade.
Cooks for mines $50 and $60
Carriage woodworker* $2 50 day
3 brick molders, pee boss here
Sheepherderp, fare $1 60, call early
......FACTORIES IN SAN FRANCISCO
12 laborers for different city factories, $1 75
day; exceptional gcod Jobs You board home
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— MIDNIGHT TELEGRAMS TELE-
PHONES AND LETTERS
2 waiters, mine?, $30 and found; lunch
'.counter man, $35 and found
Cook and wife, sawmill company. .s6o and fd
3 assistant bookkeepers, typewriters and
stenographers for vineyards, sawmills, etc.
3 hotel porters, hotels and resorts, $20. $23
and found
Cabinet makers, $2 75 day; brick, molders;
3 markers for a laundry
Third cook for a mine, call early.. s33 and fd
Man to assist baker for a mine.... s3o and.td
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— COME DOWN and fret our list, containing
7236 different Jobs. MURRAY & READY.
BARBERS" Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 112.
SUPERINTENDENT for large orchard and
vineyard, north: California references and
experience; good wages. MURRAY &
READY. 634-C36 Clay St.
MR. HILL. superintendent, please report.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
HELPER on bread; one that can mold; SS per
week; no Sunday work. Apply St. Lawrence
Bakery. 1056 Market St.. Oakland.
MAN to help In the kitchen and do some short-
crder cooking. 1416 Howard st.
WANTED— AbIe man to work on a chicken
ranch. Apply at cor 13th and Arkansas sts.
DAY clerk wanted at Dewey House, 32 East
street. ' i
BOY or young man: one who has worked In
shoe store. 10 Montgomery aye.
BARBER wanted; steady or wages. SDft Turk
St., cor. of Taylor.
BARBER wanted; steady Job. 120 Geary st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; steady;
wages. H2M Howard st.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 60 East st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 25c to
COc. 662 Mission Et., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
GERMAN boy for printing offlce. 635 Call-
fornla st. «
GOOD dishwasher; wages $5 a week and room.
¦ 1507 Market St.. near Eleventh.
GOOD steady barber wanted at 323 Devisadero
• street. , \ ¦ . •
WANTED— Experienced elevator boy at 29
Stockton st. .
FIRST-CLASS waiter wanted. Capital Restau-
rant, 206 McAllister Bt.
WAITER wanted- at 613 Clay st.
PAINTER wanted. Apply at 624 Jackson Bt.
WANTED— A man to help in kitchen. Call 713
Valencia ¦ st. ¦
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
marVled men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than S feet
. 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who. have legally declared • their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine. Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco,, Cal., or
&30 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
SHOE salesman-^Factory with a $75,000 trade
on this craft wants salesman having tomt
trade on men's welts to handle their line on
commission. Box ISO 4, Call offlce.
WANTED— Strong boy. 16 to 18 years old. vto
learn nursery business. Inquire Pacific. Nur-
s ery, cor. Baker and Lombard sts.
WANTED— Experienced, salesman for Jewelry
store;, state references; steady position. -Box
1818, Call offlce. • ,
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College, 741 A Howard st^
GOOD Etrong . boy to learn carpentering. Call
,629; California st. .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
; price. .662, Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED-Man and wife to -work on a. ranch.
' or a woman with a child. - Call 315 13th st.
BOY, 15 to IS, wanted In large law offlce; must
be good penman. Box 1827, Call.
BARBERS — A 3-chalr shop for sale. Apply on
• - premises. 14 Turk st. .
WANTED— 2 and' 4 horse , teamsters: apply
early Monday at,C27 14th St., near Guerrero.
. San : Francisco Construction • Company. , -¦¦
WANTED— Laborers : and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolk4n,;Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third ¦ st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25cper night: jl to t 2 per week.
2-CHAIR : barber shop for sale . cheap; good lo-
cation; sell to go East. Inquire at 403 Pacific.
SAILORS, ordinary "seamen and green hands*
-'. all - parts of world. - HERMAN'S.' 26 Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. *N..Y. Tailoring C,0., 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. . CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
years', practice; Examiner . bldg.
WINCHESTER ; House." 44 Third st.>near Mar-
?. ket ;\ 7oo rooms, 25c night; I reading room; free
:j,'bu» and baggage to and from the ferry. 1 . . ;
LIXDELL House,, corner- Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
HORSES.' LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
FINE team of well-matched black horses. S and
7 years old; gentle for a lady to drive; 15^j
hands high; can road along In 2:4O~. also a
latest style rubber tire buggy, almost new,
with pole and shafts; this rig can be seen
at the. Stanford Stables, 30S-310 Golden Gate.
A CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving
horses. Just arrived, weighing from 1000 to
1500 pounds: the horses can be seen now at
the Stanford Stables, 308-JlO Golden Gate aye.
40 HORSES for sale; also wasons. buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTY* S. 2170 Market St.; Caatro-
st. car* pass* the door.
HORSES— Youne, well broken, for all purposes,
cheap; best In city. 721 Howard St., nr. Third.
FOR sale — 2 extra fine carriage teams. SAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. CO5 Golden Gate aye.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
PERRY. 202. near Fourth— House of 3 rooms;
rent $7: water free. Apply to G. H. UMil-
SEN & CO.; 14 Montgomery st.
J2>- MODERN two-story house; S rooms, turn
and basement: marine view. 2327 Leaven-
' worth st.
$25 — SUNNY modern house, 7 rooms and bath:
newly renovated. 720 Broderick. nr. McAllister.
$14— A SUNNY home; water free; garden. 641
Dolores St.. near Twentieth.
HOUSES TO LET— FtUMSHKD.
SACRAMENTO. 2673— Nicely furnished modern
house of 7 rooms. W. B. HUFF & CO.
LOST AND KuUM).
A LIBERAL reward will be paid for return to
2701 California st. of old-fashioned gold watch.
lost June 20th, either at Market and Powell
sts. or on Devisadero-st. line; watch has
numbers on the dial.
LO3T— Feather boa on Nineteenth ave.,between
Point Lobos and Clement. June 21. Return
417 Nineteenth aye.: reward.
FOUND— A sum of money on a McAllister-st-
car. Apply McAllister-st. car house.
LOST— Male fox terrier, black spot on left hip.
Return ICO4 Pine gt. ; reward.
y
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. thT*wo7ld^renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; haa prac-
ticed In S. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. After all others fall
call on him. 10234 Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
has returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice in S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1007% Market St.. near 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 23 yrs.' '.
practice: home In confinement; treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. GUYER. 44S Eddy St.. well known ,
and reliable; ladies' specialist; consult free;
home in confinement; hours 9 to 6 and 7 to 8.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; home In confinement; safe and reli-
able; consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late sci-
entific methods; treatment, $o.
DR. NO TOY KEE, late of Canton, China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas: sani-
tarium, 7o4 Sacramento,cor.K?arny;advlce free.
Dr. James Pierce, 263 O'Farrell, rooms 2 and 5—
Female specialist; home or offlce treatment $3.
V S— DR. WISE & CO., the ladies' specialists.
111S Market St.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
NICE reliable home for confinement; reason- i
able. 2012 Fol?om st, MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSII & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlce furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; We always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand; ;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; -write for catalogue. I
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 2f6 Spear Bt.
A— l 3 50 DERBY and Fedora, hats, fl 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
NO. 1 American flag for sale: can b« bourht
for half its value; owner has no use for it;
size 10x15; inquire GO3 Eddy at. after 7 p. m.
J. J. SUTHERLAND. • '
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 313 Examiner bldg.
FOR sale— Schooner about twelve ton«; 4 years
old; cheap. J. HIATT, 783 Mission st.
BEAUTIFUL diamond sunburst for sale. Ad-
dress box IS2S. Call office.
ANOTHER No. 6 Remington and New Under-
wood typewriter; bargain. L. & M. ALEX-
ANDER. 110 Montgomery st.
6HP. gasoline marine engine complete; almost
new; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616-513-520 Mission.
LADY'S hat trunk for traveling, $12 50. Port-
land Loan Office. 25- Stockton st.
EDISON concert phonograpli — Reduced price,
$75; concert records. $1 SO. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers: lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. IX) Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
A FINE «uit, $10» dress pants. .$2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $2 50.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 4C9 California.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar proof safe. 216 California st.
S\FES— New and 6econd-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES — Sew and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher;' 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS.
wXNTOD^A~H«ht " spring wagon; must Ebe
cheap. SUSS. 1049 Howard st.
WANTED— A sandwich wagon cheap or to rent
one. Box 1900. Call.
WANTED— Second-hand nprlght piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 710 Market Bt.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate, mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
>iy; get my terms before doing business else-
where. It. McCOLGAN. ,24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates. tn probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chatui
mortgages; life Insurance. Room IS. first
floor. Chronicle big.. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place u> obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rate?. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 543 Market
St.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third Bt.
LOANS made on furniture at 1% per cent: also
loans to salaried people. HAESHBARGER,
322 Ellis St.. room 34.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver.- diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. ISO Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny, : room ¦9, respectable private
place. to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
68 and 63. • Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate, Ist or Snd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount ••
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential
BONELLI, 301 Jones et.. corner Eddy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif!
ANY sum, Ist or Snd mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. chattels, etc. R. 603. Examiner building.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security; all busl-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrot big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. €09 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal- no
commlselon; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
T 2 U £l. ed me » without collateral or Indorser.
S.F. Discount Agency.- 143 Phelan building.
? .. i .:-..« JIOXKY WANTED.
X^}i TE ?7^ 300 Z n ' c,2c ,2S ntrT P">P«rty atTo'w
rate. Addraaa box 639. Call office.
MCSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
THE best thing of the season Is a new styla
Olympla Music Box. with double comb.- for
$20; the tone is as fine as any box ought to ba
at double the price. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
763 Market St.
UXTIL July 1 you will get more than the va!u»
of your money 1* you buy a piano, organ or
other musical Instruments of the MAUVAIo
MUSIC- CO.. 763 Market St.
IF you want low Installments on any musical
Instrument, cony» § to us; if you want to pay
cash, come Just tne same. MAUVAIS MUoltJ
CO.. 763 Market ¦$.
AS w» .represent the best make of pianos In
every grade from Stelaway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos. $6 cash. $6 per
month; other pianos, $3, $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers,
cor. Kearny anil Putt»r sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
PIANOS at ccst; owing to the dull season now
upon us we axe accumulating a large stock of
rental pianos; these, together with a number
of samples sent us from factory, will be
closed out regardless of profit: a better op-
portunity- has never been offered: terms very
liberal. EE.VJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Far-
rell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
Zi. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
A FEW bargains In pianos of standard makes
still remain from our closing out sale, rang-
ing from $73 up; must ba sold by July L
SPENCKRS. 1813 Market st.
BARGAINS— A few pianos will be sold this
we-k for storage; offers wanted (cash or In-
stallments). Wilson's Storage Co.. 1710 Mrkt.
SELLING out regardless of cost — Entire stoclc
of pianos; store to let; fixtures for sale,
JAMES KEEFFE. 1819 Van .New aye.
LADY, going to the country will sell a beau-
tiful upright piano cheap; $100. Room. 10,
Flood building.
GOOD Fischer: great bargain. SCHMITZ. 1*
McAllister »t.. next Hlbernla Bank.
W. O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Baccn and Mallet & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. K.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Stelnway, 1 Chlckerlng. J190: Installments
$5 to $10; rent $2 up; HEINE'S. 13S Ellis st.
SOIIMER A CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Hamll-1
ton pianos. 208 Post st.
FIXE Krell upright piano at a great bargain.
STATHAM. 108 McAllister st.
REDUCTION sale; new ptano«. $3 payments;
for rent. $2 up. BRUEXN. 208 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada on* year for ft.
postage paid.
OFFICES AND STORES— TO LET.
FREE samples of Developer. Backus Studio, It
Geary it. Etching Matte and Platinum paper.
LARGE stores and sunny offices near Hall of
Justice. Court block. BABIN. 413 Kearny st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College o£
Palmistry; reads 1 to 8. 818 Geary, nr. Jones.
PASTUItAGE.
SOO TO 500 acres green pasture, clover and wild
grasses mixed, for horses or cattle. For
terms apply A. B. FULLER. Antloch. Cal.
PERSONALS.
MR. WALTER LETWIN. would you please call
for a letter in the general postofflce? T. K. L.
AFTER this date, June 27. I will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted by my wife.
MRS. M. KUTTNER. Signed.
* M. KUTTNER.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 703 Fifth. Oakland.
MISS SHELDOX. chiropodist and card reader,
850 Market St.. second floor, room 37. »
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. Ray, 357 Jessie st.
$2 60 MEN'S* shoes for $1 50 a pair at the Be*.
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market st.. near Third.
LEDERER Is the popular hairdresser.
Lederer charges but 25c for the
Lederer fashionable fcalr styles.
Lederer sells El Perfecto Veda Rouge SOc box.
Lederer's Qukntonlca hair tonic- is 33c bottle.
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo Is only 5c package.
Lederer's Halrdresslng Parlors, 123 Stockton.
ACADEMY for the new science of heallns
without operations; before you undergo an
operation give us a call: consultation free.
DR. WM. SCHMITT. K7 Post st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Tnlrd St.. netir Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 SO per night; $1 SO to 16 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from tba ferry.
USE Ltllie Webb's cllve oil soap: 10c at drag-
gists; agents wanted. CADOGAN St Me-
CLURE. 421 Market, r. S4: trom 9 to 10 a. m.
AHURORN House. Sl9 to 323 Grant aye.— Lead-
ing German-American hotel of San Francisco;
fl per day and up; finest meals In city. 20c.
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from Imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth. ¦•. i-
WILL pay cash for old sealskins. Box 4313.
Call office.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom, tel. Folsom 1101.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color, $1; at all druggists.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott's Curling Fluid; 25c bottle: druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 508 Kearny st.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 2506 Pactflc aye..
between Pierce and Scott: phone Stetner 3331.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada, one year for 11.
postage paid.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Hackusv
studio. 11 Geary St.. ground and top floors.
PIIYSICIA.XS ASD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and resldenca.
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
EOL GETS & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BTILDIXO.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$430 to $300— Choicest Sunset lots; all bargains:
sewered and graded; ready to build on; %:j
monthly.
$250 to $300— Choicest Richmond bulldins lots;
$10 monthly.
$100 to $250— Level building lots: near Mljrlm-
et. and San Mateo electric car line; $3 monthly.
$630 to $1000— For small cottages tn excellent
locations, near cars: payments same as rent.
CALL FOR MAPS AND. DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDrNOL.
$4000— BARGAIN and sacrifice; 2 fiats: first-
class Improvements; rents $31; pays 8 per cent
net: 25x57:6. Apply R. McCOLGAN'. 24 Mont-
gomery St.. room 3.
$25,000 — THE cheapest buy In town- will more
than double the value Inside of 10 years; to
close an estate will be sacrificed now; an ele-
gant Market-st. property east of Valencia,
38x124 to rear street. Apply R. McCOLGAM.
24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
JS7IO— THE best bargain In the city; cost.sl3.ooo;
4 flats. 2 stores; rents $95. SE. Stockton and
Greenwich. Apply R. McCOLGAN 1 . 21 Mont-
gomery st., room X
$5300— MODERN 9-room house tn cholc» location
on Waller st, near Pierce. 1 block from
Ualght-st. cars; finished with marble stepa.
frescoed ceilings. 3 wood mantels, hard-fin-
ished basement, etc.; terms one-fourth cash,
balance {50 monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
FOR SALE-Cottage 5 rrrrns; high basement'
sunny front: patent closet; city water; bar-
gain. SS Sen>entine place.
IF you have lots north of the Park In grnall
or larce subdivisions. an.J you want to sell
quickly, then call on the undersigned. W
J. CUXN. S3O California st.
BEAUTIFUL Vallejo st. corner «2-6x137«- Pa-
cific Heights. The McCarthy Co., M Mar-
MODERN houiM and fiats built at lowest
prices; plans and estimate, furnished for ail
bnlldlnr work. CAMPBELL. UK Mission st.
C IJ EAP E ST * nA b * st la America-The Weekly
£ iV~. 1S c ! ?*f c "' s *& to ""^ address in the.
United States or ./Canada one year for 11.
postage paid.
KEAL ESTATE COUXTIiV For Sale
FO J^£ LB 7 Acre « an<l co «»«fe- San Rafael;
beautiful view. C. HENDERSON JO4 Munt-
gomery st. . , '
F hS.i® AL J£~i sood " paylnK investment: country
.»»?>.' rel l ted •* $**• For particulars apply as;
- southwest corner Eddy and Taylor «U.ULTE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 17—
Btmr Greenwood, from . Polpt Arena.
> OCEAN BTEAMERS. '
BOULOGNE— Arrived June 27— Stmr Spaarn
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam, and.pro
ceeded.
COPENHAGEN — Arrived June •2S — Btmr
Island, from New York, via Christlanland. for
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June , 28— Btmr ' Teu
tonic from New York, via Queenstown. ¦'.*
¦ CHERBOURG— SaiIed June. 28— Stmr Lahn,
for New -York. * : '¦-¦-¦
HONGKONG— SaiIed June 2S— Stmr . Empress
of India, for Vancouver, via Yokohama. ¦ j
SOTZTj AS-RIVALS.
GRAXD
J Barnes Jr. Seattle
M Connors & w, B C 1
Mrs Campion, Seattle '
Mliw Campion. Seattle
J H Graham, Cal 1
II Kercheval, Courtlnd'
E I Hollands. Oak 1
V Burks. L Anr '
G B H Clow, Sacto I
W A Dolan, Sacto
J E Coltnn, Martinez
J Hosman & w, Berkly!
W J Howard, Oak ]
G A Wiley. Pt Costa '
T H Varney. Pt Costa l
R P Wyllie, Martinez
H J Curry, Martinez
G ThompFon, Rio Vista
G A McElfresh, L Angj
It Metier. Phoenix
M Dunnevltch. Ariz
h Roberts &w, Pasadn
Miss Roberts, Pasadna
Mrs Reyman, Orovllle
Miss Reyman, Oroville
Miss M Reyman. Orwv
M Cody, L Medanos
W W Ouerholt.' Chic
J M Lane. Seattle
Dr. Watklns. Moscow
A W Hewitt & w, Colo
W P Frtck, El Dorado
HOTEL.
C F Harper, L Ana:
A C Harper, L Ang
C Finch. Denver
J Gassage, Pocatello
G W Van Brunt, USN"
C A Davis, USX
F Thompson &» w, Cal
G W Crystal, Vacavllle
I Rogers, Cal
P Sweet, Petaluma
J Craig, Highland
T H Bond, Lakeport
H Stahl. San Jose
Dr L Cross, Stkn
J F Americh, Xapa
J Adams & w. Oak
Mrs Hlnchcllft. Ogden
Miss Hinchcllft, Ogden
F S Rlgtrs, Va
T J T Smith, L Ang
E Wilder, Topeka.
Mrs E Wilder. Topeka
Mrs E S Lewis, Topeka
Miss M Lakin. Topeka
Miss L Beebe, Bait
Miss B Wilder. Ithaca
E T Wilder. N V
L Smith & w, Folaom
H Foeter, Maywood Cy
R A Foster, Maywood
C- F Foster, Maywood
PALACE HOTEL.
A B Miner. Los Ang
L Manhelm, N T
F H Jackson, L. Ang
H H Stout, USA
Mrs Stout. USA
W J Manna, Sacto
P Beckman, Seattle
Mrs Beckman, Seattle
R Murr, Seattle
O O Davidson, Butte
J F Darcy, Phlladel
J C Schulte. N T
C W Thompson, Or
Mrs S M Bradbury, LA
Miss Bradbury, U Ang
I^ewis Bradbury. L Aj
E L Doheny. Los Ang|
EG Murphy, N T
E T Nichols, N V
Corona Rieardo. X V
M Galland, N V
J F Kent, Los Ang
Mrs Kent, . Los Ang
J F Huckel, N C
C J Shepherd. L- Ang
Miss L Hoe. NT
Mrs P W Foulke. N T-
Mrs-McCullagh. L. Gts :
O P Sldriaht. Texas
T O Field, Monterey
Mrs Field, Monterey
T Flint, San Juan
W Cornwell, Hawaii
Prince David. Hawaii
Mrs W A Burpee. Pa
J F Oirsen, Pa
A R Lawsen, Pa
J Stuart. XT
Miss M J Btuart, N T
O Cox Jr. N V
Mrs O Cox Jr. NT
Maybelle Cox, N V
M H Bowman, Toledo
A Altschul. Guatemal
H Bonny. Mazatlan ¦ •
J C Chapman, Mazatln
Mrs Chapman, Maztln
M De Vrles, Stockton
J G Green, U 8 N ¦¦:--.
H F B Halnes. V S N
W Petrle, Sacto
Mrs Petrie, Sacto
F A Healer, U S N
P R Jarboe. S Mateo
F H McCullugh. L Gts
;se<« »r^»ii^K.^i tujizju
A (i Hansen. Vallejo
X F Plckhard. St Paul
C Vincent, St Paul
F C Hesser. Walla. W
C Knees. Toronto
"W P Lock & w, L. Ang
J n Lock, Los Ang
S S Redgrave, Victoria
T Coveln, Victoria. BC
W J McCartin. S X^ouin
C E Fellow & w. S Jse
A C Brentner. Los Ang
W Chlnn. Modesto
A J Caldwell, Fresno
II Forrest, Calistoga .
J C Alexander, 8 Jose
Mrs V Smith, Madera •
E T Darough. GalVßtn
Fisherman Fined.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE. June 27.— T. J. Weisel to-day
pleaded guilty before Justice Wallace to
a charge of catching- trout out of season
and was fined $24, which he paid. Weisel
was very repentant and has shown his
sincerity by joining the Santa Clara
County Fish and Game Protective Asso
ciation, which caused his arrest and con
viction.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Rural Free Itelivery Service Estab
lished at Haywards— Pension
for Western Veterans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 27.— Rural free
delivery has been ordered established on
July 16 at Haywards, Alameda County,
on two routes. John C. Bay and M. B.
Templeton were appointed carriers.
Postmasters appointed: Oregon— Kent,
Overman County. Benjamin M. Brown.
Civil service examinations will be held
at San Francisco on August 14 to fill the
position of Chinese Interpreter at J4 a day.
Applicants should Bend to the Civil Ser
vice Commission at Washington for infor
mation and necessary blanks. N
• These pensions were granted to-day:
California: Original— James S. " Wlntermut,
Klamathon. IS; Charles J. White, Tuba City,
X; Ira Doty, Rohnervllle, J6; Theodore Den
mcre. Soldiers' Home, $6; John Burton, Val
lejo, *S; John H. Br.ogan, Port Costa, B; Wil
liam F. Reel. San Jose, 16; Erasmus Hartley,
Pan Francisco, $8; Benjamin C. Longdon, San
Jose, ?6; Reason B. Beall, San Francisco, W;
Charles B. High. Picard; $8; Charlea D. Doug
las. San Francisco, J6; George W. Morgan,
Acton, $8. Additional— lsaac Lyle, Soldiers'
Hcme. $10. Renewal — Hamilton J. Teed," San
Marcos, ?S. Increase — Frank Thornton. Ban
Francisco. $S; £amuel fctnlth, Sheridan, $1J;
Alexander Clark, San Francisco, ?10; Robert A.
Prouty, Mariposa, 18. Reissue and Increase—
William R. Kay. Jackson, $18. Widows— Rose
E. Kobbins. Loyalton. 112.
Oregon: Original — Jacob S. McComb, Oregon
City, K>; Wallace McNeil, Drain, J6; Abraham
Mowery. Klncsley, $1 Renewal— Joseph D.
Hlte. Progre»«, $12. Widows— Minors of Thomas
B. Scott. Portland. $18.
Washington: Original — George T. Fonda, Bal
lard, $6; John Daly, Lynden, |8; John Dixon,
Ferndale. $6. Additional— Byron • Albro. Buck
ley. *S. . . . , ,
First Lieutenant Henry DeH. Waite,
TJ. S. A., upon his own application has
been detailed as professor of military sci
ence and tactics at the University of Cali
fornia.
Soldiers discharged by way of favor-
Corporals Thomas J. Gorman, Troop C,
and Leroy Sheldon, Troop l; and Private
Horace Ford, Troop M, Sixth Cavalry,
and Private James B. Dunlap. Company
B. Fourteenth Infantry, General Hospital
Presidio.
The following postofflces will become
international money order offices on July
2: California— Corning, Junction City.
Kern. Oregon— Newburj*. Washington—
Blame. Houquamin, Palouse, Poulsbo,
Pullman, Puyallup, Shelton.
Action of Coursing Park Managers in
Bividing Dates Entirely Unex
pected — This "Week's Stake.
The decision of the promoters of cours
ing to divide dates was the one topic of
conversation yesterday among the follow
ers of the sport. Thar the owners of ;
greyhounds will be affected by the
changed conditions was apparent last
night at the drawing 1 for this week's
stake, over 200 dogs being offered for a I
12S-dog stake. This surplus of greyhounds
may be provided for next week, as prep
arations are already being made to course '
four days. A sixty-four-dog holiday stake :
will be' the attraction on Wednesday, July '
4, and if the nominations warrant a re
serve stake will be held on the following 1
Friday.
Rumors are already rife to the effect
that a third park, presumably that of the
San Mateo Coursing Association, will.be
opened. Should this be done the agree
ment existing between Ingleside and
Union Park will be void, each, park then
protecting Its interests.
The directors of Ingleside Park have ta
ken the first step toward building their
proposed new park. An assessment of $10
per share has Deen levied on the stock of
the coursing association. The money
raised in this manner will be applied to
the building of stands and preparing the
Held over which the greyhounds must
course.
On July 7yand 8 the gate receipts at
Union ParK will be presented to the
widow and four children left by John E.
Sweeney, the fireman who lost his life
while In the performance of his duty. A
considerable sum should be realized, as
Judge John Grace has paid $20 for one
ticket and others are expected to follow
his example. The usual admission fee of
25 cents will be exacted at the gate. ,
The draw for the 128-dog stake to be run
on Saturday and Sunday of this week-re
sulted as follows:
Curtis & Son's Maud S vs. Russell, Allen &,'
Wilson's Chicago Boy; Lowe & Thompson's
Cora. Pearl vs. C. B. Charles worth's Crawford
Braes; G. W. Heintz's Herschel's Pride vs. J.
Hurley's Hurricane; NY P. Whiting's St An
thony vs. J. Hurley's O X Capitol: P. J. Rell
ly's The Grafter vs. G. Shaman's Bowery Boy;
Russell, Allen &. Wilson's Miss Allen vs. G.
Abercrombie's Rock Island Boy; F. C. Mack's
Delia M. vs. J. Maher*s Swedish; T. J. Cro
nln's Daisy Dale vs. Curtis & Son's McKinley
T. J. Cronln's Thornhlll vs. F. A. McComb's
Sir Pasha; Kay Bros.' Hawker vs. Russell, Al
len & Wilson's Lady Emma; Lande & Gerber's
Rlenzi vs. P. J. Rellly's Warship; J. R. Smith's
Bylvanus vs. H. A. Deckelman's Glen Chloe*
Jeff Martenet's Bill Foster vs. Curtis & Son's
Luxor: D. Winder's Risky Attempt vs. Sterl &
Knowle»V O'Hara; J. McNeil's Blackhawk vs
Erwln tc Lyon's Silver Wings; Curtis & Son's
King Cotton vs. P. J. Reilly's Ploughboy; Cap
tain Clarkson's Headwater vs. Lowe & Thomp
son's Over the Border; J. R. Smith's Lady
Bears vs. - Aeneld . Kennels' Fine Fire; J. j.
Kenney's Hot Haste vs. Curtis & Son's Narcis
sus; C. W. Bonner*s Wild Norah vs. J. Segger
eon's Gold Hill; J. Byrnes' Olympus vs S
Handy' 8- Twin City Girl; J. P. Thrift's Forget
vs. Captain Clarkson's Golden Garter; J. Hur
ley's Bhylock Boy vs. J. Martenet's Slim; Pasha
Kennels' May Hempsted vs. Sullivan & Train
or's Castle Island Boy; Captain Cane's Green
hall vs. J. Dean's Grenada; H. Lynch's Lex
ington vs. O. Abercrombie's Rock Island King-
G. Abercrombie's Victor King vs. J. R. Smith's
Jennie Wilson; E. Geary's America vs. Russell
Allen & Wilson's Maple; H. A. - Deckelman's
Snapshot vs. Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Daisy Clnir; -M. Mlchlllkl's Terronlte
vs. . Russell. Allen & Wilson's 1 Spiteful;
H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence vs. F. Schou's
Smugßler; AI Austin's Firm Foe vs. T. Tier
ney'B Tea Rcse; ; J. Dean's Lady Clare vs. J.
Martenet's Sally Brass; J. Byrnes' Battleship
vs. W. ¦ C. Classen's Santonin; 'D. • Dillon's
Prince George vs. Hartel* Bros.' Best Bargain-
T. J. Cronln's Wild Tralee vs.'R. L. Taylor's
Mose; Curtis & Son's Cavalier vs. W. C. Gla«
eon's Sleigh Bells; R. K. de B. Lopez's Diablo
vs. M. Dunlea's Krln; Murphy & Parkinson's
Ben Lomond -vs. p. O'Dowd's Cascade; E
Geary's Bonnie Pasha vs. Maher & Reid's Bad
Boy; H. A. Deckelman's Ruby Rocket vs. Cap
tain Cone's Rose of Arden: J.*Martenet's.Ber
nal Boy vs. ¦. R. B. lit B. Lopez's Sara; E. AI
Kellogg's Ben's Babe vs/Lowc & Thompson's
Scotch Reel; E. M. KeHorK*s Sweet Emma vs.
J. HoMen's Scottish Chler; D. Dillon's Dew
drop vs.' H. Lynch's Kmma.M: G.Nethercott's
Flood- Gate _ vs. Panha Kennel's Rest Assured:
Aeneld Kennels' . Maid 'of Erin - vs. Curtis &
Bon's Old Glory: E. Geary's Palo Alto vs. J.
P. Thrift's St. Michael; J., O'Dowd's Shootover
vs. Curtis & Son's Candelarla; J. Smith's Mas
ter Workman vs. . F. ¦: A: McComb's Patriot : J.;
J. Kenney's Winning . Lassie vs. . R. , E. de ¦B.
Lopez's Minnie Wa Wa; Ai Austin's Nora Law
rence; vs. Pasha Kennels Round About; H..
Lynch's Lottie M vs. J. Sutton'a Mayflower ; F.
Schou's King's Borderer vs. ; J. Carroll's Blue
st one: • Curtis ; & Son's Shadow vs. J. Sutton'a
Master Lawrence; J. ¦;¦ Carroll's Auckland •-¦ vs."
J. : H. Perlgif « 4 Bohe; -J. Byrnes' Eleven Spot
vs. Rusßell. Allen & vWilson's Rosle ; Clatr; D.
Winders' Lundln Links vs. : J.' R.\ Smith's Pe
tronius:: W. ; Creamer's Onward ¦ vs. J. ¦ H. Peri
go's Controller; E.v D. > Fallon's ¦ Lily ¦ of : the
West vb. Bartels Bros.' Beer Brewer;, Erwln &
Lyon's Silver: Lyon r vs. ¦¦ Br, M.-'Kellogg's Kid
McCoy; Pasha Kennel's Royal -Anne vs. Curtis
6c Son's Flying Fox ; P. Brophy's.Benicla Boy
vs. ¦ Russell, Allen & Wilson's Bell* Clalr: D.
Winders' Random Aim vs. J.L. Robs': J,Lß.
Slim Beaches Third Position by Beat
ing Wild Norah, Who Is a Five
to One Favorite Over .
TH-m.
Erwln & Lyon's Silver Wings took firßt
money In the midweek reserve Btake at
Union Coursing Park yesterday through
the withdrawal of R. E. fle B. Lopez's en
try, Wanda. The winner reached the
final by beating Slim in the fltth round.
Wanda was booked for a by© and would
have gone against Silver Wings for stake
honors but for the unnecessary hard work
she made for herself in the fourth round.
With Slay Hempstead Wanda was slipped
to a strong hare. After winning a long,
hard course in which the jack was run to
the escape, the Lopez hound caught sight
of a stray hare and gave chase. Relief
dogs were turned loose, but were long in
reaching the game and Wanda in her
tired condition was about all out before
the kill was made, necessitating her with
drawal from the stake.^
J L R beat Erin at l.to 4 in the first
round. Erin led but was outworked. The
day's coursing was of the satisfactory
order and devoid of flukes. The results,
with Judge John Grace's official scores,
follow:
Midweek Reserve stake, first round— J. M.
Halton'a Tic Tac beat Pasha Kennels' Round
Abcut," 12-J; Bartel Bros." B.eer Brewer beat
Pasha Kennels' Rapid Addition, 7-2; P. Gor
don's Master Gordon beat Chlarlni Bros.' Zen
obla 10-2; George Sharman's Walt a Bit beat
J. p! Thrift's St. Michael, 2-1; Erwln & Lyon s
Silver Wings beat Curtis & Son's Old Glory,
4-1: R. P. Julian's Sweet Music beat J. H: W.
Muller's Moonstone, 6-2; D. Winder's Lundln
Links beat P. Cronin's Lear King, 4-2; M.
London* b Masrneto beat James Dean ¦ Gal
lant 7-3; Connell Bros.' Clover beat Bartel
Bros.' Baron Blood, 3-1; J. W. Letcher*s San
dow beat Chiarinl Bros." Ranee, 8-1; Connell
Broß.' Log Boy beat A. Johnson's Bald Eagle,
9-4; C. W. Bonar"s Wild Nprah beat Bartel
Bros.* Betsy Barrow, 10-1; J. L. Ross* J L R
beat M. Dunlea's Erin. 3-1; J. Dean's Lady
Claire beat J. J. Kenney'o Winning Lassie,
4-1; J. H. W. Muller'6 Cruiser beat P. Doyle's
White Fern, 5-3; Jeff Martenet's Slim beat F. A.
McComb's Motto. 6-3; Connell Bros.' Good Bye
beet P. EHnsrle's Cash In. 10-2; R. E. de B.
Lopez's "Wanda beat Sterl & Knowles' Frosty
Morn, E-0; R. E. de B. Lopez's Mlnne Wa Wa
beat A. L. Austin's Thorndale, 6-3; Pacha Ken
nels' May Hempsread beat D. Winders' Nancy
R, 12-3; Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist beat Gub
Abcrcrombie's Mock Island Boy, 6-3; Sterl &
Knowles' Rusty Gold beat P. Dingle's Storm
Klngr, 6-0; J. P. Thrift's Forget beat Jeff Mar
tenet's «Sally Brass. 13-7; R. L. Taylor'6
Beauts- Sriot beat J. Dlckeon's Lady Bess, 8-3.
Second Round — Beer Brewer beat Tic Tac, 3-2;
Walt a Bit beat Master Gordon. 3-2; Silver
Wlnfrs beat Sweet Music, 3-2; Lundln Links beat
Magneto, 5-0; Clover beat Sandow, 4-3; Wild
Nora beat Log: Boy. 6-0; Lady Claire beat J.
L. X.. 8-4; Slim beat Cruieer, 16-11; Wanda beat
Good Bye. 12-3; May Hempetead beat Mlnne
Wa Wa, 3-1; Bleety Mist beat * Forget, 5-0;
Rusty Gold beat Beauty. Spot. 4-0.
Third round — Walt a Bit beat Beer Brewer,
4-2; Silver Winps beat Lundln Links, 3-1; Wild
Norah beat Clover. 6-1; Slim beat Lady Claire,
8-B; Wanda beat Sleety Mist. 5-0; May Hemp
stead beat Rusty Gold, 17-13. '
Fourth round— Silver Wings beat Walt a Bit,
6-8; Plim beat Wild Xorah. 4-8; -Wanda beat
May Hempßtead, 12-J.
Fifth round— Silver Winsrs beat Slim, 3-1;
Wanda withdrawn.
Deciding round— Silver Wings by default
LEASHMEN SURPRISED
AT CHANGED CONDITIONS
Takes the Final From
Wanda at Union Park
by Default.
SILVER WINGS
IS DECLARED A
STAKE-WINNER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JUNE 28, 1900.
11
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Euccesscrs to Flannagan & Gallagher). .
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAf. DIRECTOP.S AND EMBALMER9.
20 Firth «t.. opposite Lincoln School. -
Telephone South 80.
[I'MBOUJT f-avlnjrs and Loan Society. IS
Geary et.— The director? have declared the fol-
louinj »?rai -annual dividend*: 3.60 per cent
I>er snnurr. on term and 3 per cent per an-
irjvn on ordinary deposit*. r - «>'«ble on and
after July 2 ISOO. ERXEST BRAND. Sec.
HVIDE^'D NOTICE- Mutual Havines Bank of
£an Franolsco. S3 Post «t. For the half
year ending Jure JO. ISO 3. a dividend has
fceen tfeclarcd at the rate of three <3) per cent
rwr untm en all Uepoeits, tree of taxes, pay-
able on and after Monday. July 2. WA
GEOP.GE A. STCrtY. Cashier.
aVIDENB nctioe— Divlcecd Ka 10« flirty
cer.t* per chare) of the Oceanic Bteamrhip
Ccmpany will be payable at the office cf the
company. Z2' Market tt., en and after MON-
!>AY. July t. l'.«X>. Transfer books will clo*e
ca Tues<lay, June 2S. '.:•''>. at 3 o'clock p. nt.
K. H. KHELDOX. Secretary
JVIDEXD noUce— Fan Francisco Savings ]
Vnicn. t«J California «t.. corner Webb— For
the half : ¦ '<r ending «r!th the 30tb of June.
:. ¦•, a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum «jf three and *lx-tenth« (3 «-W) per
cent nn term fiepseltt und three (3) per cent
en ordinary deposit*, free of taxes, payable
cc sad after MONDAT. July 2. ISGO.
LOVELL WHITE. Caghler.
IVIDEND nstlf*— The German f-'avir.p» and
Loan Boriety, lit California «t.—For the half
:•'¦•¦ ending with June SO. 1300. a dividend has I
been declared at the rate of three and one- |
half (3%) r>er cenj-per annum on all deposits,
free cf taxes, payable on and after MONDAT.
• Ll7 2. WOO. GEO. TOURNT. Secretary. 1
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
ITTICE of the Hibernia Savings and Loaa So-
ciety, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
fir. San Francisco. June 27, ISOO.— At a reg-
ular rneetlnr of the Board of Directors of this
Society, held this cay, a dividend ha* been
<Jer!ared at the rate of lhre« and one-eisihth
tfiki per cent per annum on all deposits for
the six months ending June 30, I*oo. free from
all taxes and payable on ami after July L
19W. ROBERT J. TOBIK. Secretary/
iAVINGS and L«osn Scrietr, 101 Montgomery
St.. corner o! Hutter— The Board of Directors
declared a dividend Tor the term ending June
Z<\ IWW. at the rate of three ar.d one-quarter
<3'«) per cent per ar.num on all deposits, free
of taxes.' ar.d ua.yab'.« on and aft?r July 2.
1900. rMYia*zi<2s n<-t railed for are added to
and b«ar thr same rate of dividend as the
priadiitl from end after July 1. l*».
CYHVS W. CARMAN T. Caxbler.
i \ i't:\\ it 1 1 i;iik a.>o Mri'LiEj.
JREAT BARGAIN'S IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the <-lty; rentata. *J. The Typewriter
Ttx^harer*. £3S California, telephone Main 268.
STOIIAGC A.M> HAIItHUISOS.
fc'ILPON ntjOS.. ftorare and moving: covered
v^.r,=. Tc-r.th and Market; phone South "62.
•ACIFIC. Storage and Furniture Moving Com -
par.}-; K2O Fillmore et. : ph^ne Jackson 281.
tEKINP Van and Ftorase Co., 722 Mission et.,
VI. Ma'.n IW— Parking, moving ar.d storage.
6o
DOLLARS
Santa Fe Route.
Excursion tickets will be
sold on June 28th, 29th
and 30th good for 60 days
to come back. The rate is
made for the Democratic
National Convention, but
any one can use the
tickets.
Kansas City
AND BACK.
628 Market Street.
iKXVIXC MACHINES AND SITI'LIES.
lIX kinds Txiught. wll and repairing jruaren-
tf-H. Cha?. Plarnbeck, 1913 Mission, nr. 15th.
tfTNTED. r^j^lr<«3. bought, sold; machine sup-
rjjos. Standard Agency. US 6th: phone Mint 45.
J^L. ktndf »-»ouf*t. enli, excharged, rented;
roT'il'in* a' Ipwegt rat^ji. I'X'> Fourth Kt.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
fcADIIZS — Chich»»ster p si English Pennyroyal Pilla
ar» th« ttest: saf<?. reliable; take no other;
»en<J <c fctami* for particular!*. "Relief fcr
I^afllea." in letter by return mail; at drug-
r.fts. Chich^Fter Chemical Co.. Phila<sel.. Pa,
lAD tfnar.tf r}<*ete4 fnr %4: collerftons mad*;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLE/~IO|>"
cf'.. <\'i ilontrom*>ry rt.. rocni* 9-11; tel. £&&0.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRAHCISGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburoo Ferry. Foot of Market St.
4 SAX FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEKK DATS— 7:3O, »:00. 11:00 a. ra.; 12:53.
t:». 5:10. 6:W p. o. Thur3i3aT»-Extra trip
at II.W a. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at I:JJ
and ll:<0 d. m.
BUN DAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. »:30.
6:00, S:2O p. m.
SAN RAFARL TO SAN FRANa3CO.
WEKK DATS-4:10. 7:!0. 9:20, 11:10 a. in.; 13:15.
1:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
I:ES and C:3 So. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. — .: 1:40. J:«,
8:06. t-.U p. m.
Between fan Francisco and Scbnetzen Ptxk
sajna schedul* as abova.
Leav* 1 In Effect. I ArriT*
Ban Franclaco. (Apr. 15. 13C0.) San Francisco.
Week j Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. .[ Destination, j days, j. Days.
7:10 ami 8:00 om Novato. 10:40 aipj 8:40 am
l:Sopm J :30 am Petalama. S:CS pm10:25 an»
6:13 pm| 6:00 pm Santa Ro»a. T:35 pmj t:JO pia
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. U:S an
Healdstmrg-.
Lytton.
aeyserrllle.
3:80 pm 8:00 am CloTerdale. T:SS prn 1:20 pm
7:80 ami 1 Hopland I 110:15 an
8:30 pn| 8:00 ami and Cfclah. I 7:35 pra| 1:20 pm
7:JO aai 10:33 am
8.-Coara "Guennn'.l!. 7:53 pm
1:80 pm t:»Op—
7:3oam 1:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 5:40 am
. and
IrlOptn 8:00 pm Glen ElUn. «:0S pm[ «:» pm
7:!0 ami 8.00 ami • 110:40 am|lo:2S am
1:30 pmf 6:CO pmj Sevastopol. | 7:>5 prat »:20 pm
Btaxaa connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Alt— rta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserrtl!« for Ska&zs Sprtcgs: at Cloverda!*
for the Geysers: at Hopland tor Duncan
EprinK«, Highland Sprlcg-s. Kelseyvtlle. Carls-
bad Sprln— . Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartiett
Gprlngs; at Ukiah for Vichy Sprtnca. Saratoga
Sprlnfrs, Blue L *tes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Bprlnss. Upper Lake. Pcmc. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, LJarley**. EnckneU's.
Sanhe<* 1n ¦ Helehts. HullTille. Orr*« Hot
Sprtncs. Mendoclno CJty. Fort Bracz. West-
port Csal, Wllllts. Laytonvtlla, Cummin,
Bell's Sprlncs, Harris. Olsen't. Dyer. ScotU
and Eureka.
Satcrday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Scad.-iy ronnd trip" ticlwts to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket o?ft?«*. K0 Market it.. Chrontcl* old*.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RTASI.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
WABASH
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
'FT. O3*
Chicago, Kansas City and SL Louis
to
New York and New England Pointi*
Finest Uuragh train servlc*. with pollt* an*
•oarUoos tmpioyes. Btqp-oiT a Uow«d at tfea
rail*. BOM U CiING. P. CP. A«t»
bos AawdtK C*J»
ft a. cbact. a r. g j^ 2gj^ ,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS 9:30 a. m.. I:*s and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS 3. 9, 10. 11 a. m .. 1:30. t:3O p. ra.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. SI 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
THE WEEKLY CALL
-
$1 per Year.
Sa»_SkZj_aßiMstasßMßs3S^»
HVtllN PACIFIC COUVAWS,
(vicino iviitkm.)
Trntns l«s»v« Mistl »•¦« tliic «• surrtVS sM
MAN riIANCIWVO.
{Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
WAV - Faou Mat 13. 1900. - am~
•7iOOa Benictm, Bulsnu. Ebnlra. Vs.cj.tlU*.
Kumsoj aud Hkcramentn *Ti4S»
•7iooa Shasta KiDrria-D»Tis, WUllamj(fo» .
Bartiett Springi), Wilbwt, Ked
Bluff, Portland. *7t4St
•7«»O a Martinet. Salt Ramon. Vallejo. Napa.
Oklistoga aud Santa Rms 'Oil Up
•SiOOa Datls, Woodlaod, KuighU Laodlcf,
Maryifille, Ororille *7i4Br
•SiOOa AtUntlc ICxpieu-UgJeu and Eut «11:45«
•SlSUit Hail .lose, Litcnuute, Stockton.
lone, Haerainmito, - l'lacrr»lUo.
Mar«iTUl#. Cbloo, KetlllliKT MtlSr
•fttSOA Okkdale, Chinese (for Yosemlie).
B .not*. Carters MtlSr
•O:OOa HaTwartls. Nilvtand Wsy Stations. Mli«3a
•ti««t Los Aneelea Express — Martltioa.
Tracy, Lathrop, Mtockton, Merced
Slid Kromio f «!«t
•<J::tO* Viilleiii, Martlne* ami '.7»y Statloul "0:l5r
•10.-UU* Tho Orerliud Limited— Ogdeu, Den.
rer. Oinaha. Chicago *Sil9r
•lIiOOa Miles. l.ir«rinore. Stookton. Sacr»-
ruput- Mendcta, Haoford. Visalia.
PoH«rfllle. M:IB r
•I»:O»m HajwwJs, Niles and Wiy BUtloni. *»:415r
f !:««!• Sacriiiiiento liiT«r«te.iii«m f3:o<*A
•atOOr Hsywards. Nllfs and Way Htotlom. "ad.-Jp
•4tUOr Mattinaz, Halt Itaiuou, Valiajo,
Nap*. OalUtnfa. Santa H0*a...... "ilijtlj,
MiOOp Donida, Winters, Saoranieq*o,
Wcoillautl. Knigliti UudMi,
Marrarlilc, Orotlll* °IO:«»A
¦4i«np Nlles, Ban Jo««aiid Stockton ....... *7«l»»
•DiOOrTbe Owl Mraltrd— Traif, Fremo.
Udkf r»oelil, Mauftis far Santa Bar-
bara, Lot Angeles ••iia*
•SiOOp Fresuo Passencer— MarUnetvLath-
mp, Stockton. Mrrceil. Berenda
(Kaymoud for Yoßemite), Kr*«iio.. ¦lSilSv
. *.li»ur New Meant Eipteu-Uakenneld,
Hauta liarbtra. Lot Augf le«. Bern-
lt>(, El I'aio. New Orleaui and
Bui... •••*8a
•3.10F Hauta Fe Uouta— Atlautlo Ei press
for Mojafe ami Kast 'OilDf
•OiOOp Ha/wanls, Nllei and rtm Jon »7:I.1»
1»iO«p Vallejo : tf lBtlBr
¦UiOOr Oriental Mall— Ogden, Chejenus.
Omaha, Chicago *llt«Ba
•oiOOp Orisntal - Mall— Ogden. Denver, -
Omaba, Chicasr> a4ilBra 4il8r
,7ioor Vallejo, Fort Costa and Way Sta-
tion*........ . I»i3sp
*liOSr Oiegon will California Itiprrim.Hao- *
-.-'¦ rHinaiitu, Mar/mllle. Kt-ilitliiK, .
riirtUml. TiiKHt .Stinnii ami Kant *8«l»a
COAST DIVISION (N«no»T (JanKe).
(Foot cf MnrkttStreel.l
|7t4AA Santa Crux Kicumlon for flanta
Cruz and l'rluclpal Way Stations !fl:OSp
*Sllil« Newark.O.iiti-i tlllr.Kin.li-iie.reltoii,
BoiililerCri'ek.Kaiitft.Griir.itt)d V.'af
HUtlmia.. *6:»«t
' |*ilsr Newark, Ontitertiil-.-, Shu Joss, New
Aimmlau, Kt-ltut-., Itimliler Creak,
SauU Cms ami I'riu'eipal . War
5Ut10iii....... ........ . ..'......... fl«i!»««
-. Milßr* Newark, Han .1000, lam 0at0a....... *N:n«A
«4il3p Olenwood. Feltoti. Banta Crui tWian^"
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fnaSK ratHCISCO— Fttt *r *uU\ Strut (5I1»S)-
•7:16 .9:00 5 1:00*. 11. |I:C3 *2:03 13:09
' »«:eO - 16:00 •6:33r.». ¦ v -.
rissjOUUlß— r«slstBrsii««sT.— "o:oo 8:00 10:00*.M.
¦__t»:B3 . .'1:03 :ta.QO- »3:03 . tI:C3 ¦' '»:03rJl.
COAST DIVISION* (ItroadUa.Re).
' (Thlnl him! Touriweiiil -Sts.) ._
t«iIUA Oosau Vlow. Houth Kan Fraucisoo.. t«i«»»
t?lOIU .San .lone null \V»y .Statii.ni (Ne*
Almaileii We.liie*<la>ii.iili) ...... •lit«t k
t7IS*A Bnnday , Excursion f r San Joie.
- Santa : Cruz. Paclflo GroT* and
' PrWtipal Way Kt»U0n»...... tSi3S»
•wiOUa Hau .liiHn. Tira I'luos, HhiiU CriiJi, ..
Ficlllo Crote. I'wiit linlilii. Han
liiiis: 01.1.p0. Hurf. I.ompoc and
Trliieiiml \V«r KUtluiia *<:IO»
•I«i4Oa Sao J»«e a.irt Way Htattoim.'. _««:asa
•lIiSOa Man.li)»«.Lo3fiatosnnil\ViiySUlloi.s/*3T:ii>r
tttt-iftpAau .\Ur-n, Ueiliruivl, Menlo Park,
:- Palo* Alto, I^anta Clara, tjan .lime,
. - Tress* Pinoa. .Santa Cmi, Salinas. '-
. Mouierey an<l raefrie Hro**.:....' t>O::i«A
tHiHOr San .lose ami W»r Mtatlo •TsSOp
M:l»r S»n.)_os»nn,l I'riicipi! Wgy, Station* *»:l^*
?5:00 p B»5 jone, Lot Oato* and Principal
'- Way Stations.. "....."...".....'- t»:O«»A
•SiSOp San Jose ami frlnolpal War Stations ?¦:'•« a
••iSOr San .loss ami Wsj 5tati0n5..... .... |»:O4)a
<11t45p B>n Jest ami Way 5Ut10iii......... *7:30f
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
•Dailj. t Muiirtay exce pted. I Sundar oolj I
• . '¦ fc Saturday onlj. . I
• Baturdar and Suatlar. : c Susday and Monday. I
DIED.
Andrews. Oliver Johnson. Peter A.
Belshaw. Jenny E. McGlynn.' 1 Mary H.
Boyer. Mclba C. McLaughlin. Amalia
Brown. Alexander B. Mapil!. Captain A. E.
Carroll. Julia D. Marshall. Elwilda
Creig-hton. Patrick Pettlß. Perals 11.
Curtie. James P. Reddy, Patrick
Edwards. Jemima Smith. William H.
Gallagher, James Strauss. I'- • A?nea
Hearney. Michael Timlin. *, ;.-a-r^
Helsrer. John H. - Witkowfi* jrris
Hector. A. F.
ANDREWS-In this city. June 26, 13vO. Oliver
Andrews, beloved husband of the late Ellza-
H. GfroTh*?iM r » M rs. A. L*. h&cr And Lin—
coin J. Andrews, a native of Maine, aged 71
years and 6 month?.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
i Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his elster, Mrs. J. L. Aikcn. 1158
Noe street, near Twenty-fifth. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
BOTER— In this city. June 26. ISOO. Melba Cath-
erine, dearly beloved daughter of William E.
and Millie A. Boyer, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced 8 menths.
tCTFuneral strictly private this day (Thurs-
day), at 10 o'clock. .
BELFHAW-ln this city. June 26. 1900, Jenny
E. Belshaw, widow of the late M. W. Bel-
Ehaw. and mother of C. M. Belehaw, a na-
tive' of Herkimer County. New York, aged
64 years 3 month? and 8 days.
(^"Friends are invited to attend the funeral
thU day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her
late residence. 1E25 Jackson street.
BROWN— In this city, June C 7. 1900, Alexander
8.. beloved husband of Sarah J. Brown.
CARROU^-In Berkeley. June 25, 19<v), Julia
Dora, wife of Captain James Carroll, a na-
tive of New York, aged S3 years.
. E~The funeral will take place to-morrow
( Friday), at. 11 o'clock, from her late' resi-
dence. 1901 Lou!» street, Berkeley. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery, San Francisco.
CREIGHTON— In this city, June 27, IJOO, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Annie Creighton, and
father of James and Cassie Creighton. Mrs.
William Connolly and Mrs. Mollie Brown, a
native of Ireland, aged 62 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' <Fridiiy). at 8:30 o'clock, from hie late resi-
dence. $27 Folsem Ftreet. thence tr> Bt. Pat-
rick's Church, where a siMfmn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the reoose of his soul,
commencing; at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cnvs Cem etery- *
CURTIS— In this city. June 27. 1300. James
Peter Curtis, dearly beloved son of William
and Mary Curtis, and brother of Frederick,
John. Francis, Elizabeth and William Gabriel
Curtis, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
months.
EDWARDS— In Alameda. June 27. l»O0, Jemi-
ma, beloved wife of William Edwards, and
mother of Edward and Alice Edwards, a na-
tive of Glenmorgarshlre. South Wales, agred
43 years S months and 11 days.
C~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fulty Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence,
1007 Railroad avenue. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this city. June 25. 1900.
James, beloved husband of Ellen Gallagher,
a native of Ireland, aeed 67 years.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thuj-eday), at » o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, SIS Broderlck street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, Eddy street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
Please omit flower*.
HEARNEY— In this city. June 27. 19W, Mich-
ael, beloved husband of Margaret Hearney.
arid father of Andrew, H«(?h, Nora and Wini-
fred Hearney and Mrs. Theodore Parnow, a
native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 56
Iran.
E_rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
fKrfdav), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, "g Clara street, tjjence to St. Patrick's
Church for Ferylces at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cro« Cemetery.
HECTOR— -In this city, June 27. 1900, A. F.
He«-tcr, lftte of Bodle, heloved father of Mm.
E. W. Gowen. C. E. Heath and Agnes and
C. F. Hector, * native of Sweden, aged 70
yrars 11 months and 17 days. ,
HEGLER- In this city. June 27. 1900. John H.
Heeler, beloved husband of Rose Hegler, and
father of Edwin C. Hegler and the late Fred-
erick A. Hegler. r native of Sonoma County,
Cal.. aged 52 years. (Sonoma County papers
plea ne copy.)
jnTTfotice of funeral hereeftet.
JOHNSON— In this city. June 27. 1900, Peter A..
beloved husband of Hadvl Johnson, father of
Walter and .Fredt Johnson, and brother-in-
law cf -Charles Peterson, a native of Sweden,-
ajre£ S2 years 7 months and 1C iMy».
McGLTNN— 'In thin city. June 27. 1900, at her
residence, HC7 Fulton street, Mary H.. wife of
Frank McGlynn, a native of Sydney, Aus-
. pyjfass will be said for the repos*> of her
FIRST
AFTER
& <2£ <& & *£ «c£
OFFICES:
¦ 628 Market Street and flarket-Street Ferry Depot.
AND
WD TI V 7
JULY
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the fame published.
MARRIED.
DUNBAR-PMITH-In this city. June 27. 19*».
by the Rev. Alfred Bailey. Robert Howard
l>_nbor and Clara. May Smith, both cf San
Francisco.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. rs£4— 2 sunny furntehed rooms for
housf-keeptnj; r.ath.
V>OIZ}RES. . Stt— 3 cr 4 room* for housekeeping;
partly furnished; $S; cook ttove.
rPDT. 817— Very desirable housekeeping rooms,
furnished; no children; private residence.
EIGHTH. ICS-Sunny front room; kitchen;
ranee; hot and cold water: eunny porch and
stationary warhtubs; Jl2.
FIFTH, 34S— Suite cf rooms furnished for
housekeeping; cheap rent.
FOLSOM. mK— Three unfurnished rooms for
houwkeeplnr; hot and cold water; range.
FRANKUX, 21 (Newport) -Fura'shed rooms
for housekeeping ; rante; a>o single rooms.
HOWARD. 1061— Two completely furnished con-
necting housekeeping rooms: running water.
LARICIN. 1004 near Post— Newly furnished
eunr.y rooms; light housekpg; small rtr.E.; $4.
MIJCNaT 3^--3 furnished room* and bath for
housekeeping.
MT,£SION. 17254. near Thirteenth— Nicely fur-
*-iFhed room; folding bed. etove, bath, laun-
sirj-- $3 a menth.
MARKET IK!?— J sunny front connecting rms.,
water, ranpe. $12 ZC: also rooms. $4 to $15.
MISSION f2i-L»ree eunny kitchen and bed-
room; tic, or tt 50 a week.
MTSSXOX. IKi'i— 3 newly furnished rooms for
hcupekeepir-K : fas stove.
MISSION, :r:. r--2r --2 front and 1 rear connecting
rooms; furr.ithed: coal etove; running water.
OAK" MM — Sunny unfurnished and furnished
houWkeering rooms; stationary tubs; bath.
O^fXrRELL. **!— 2 to 4 r.lcely furnished
hous^keping rooms; complete; gas, bath and
" phone.
POLK. K2— Furnished and unfurnished house-
fceeplng rocma
POITII PARK. IS4— l or 2 runny front rooms;
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
TWELFTH. 12. BT. Market— Bedroom and kitch-
en furnished for housekeeping; rent fl to V>.
TWENTY-THIRD. 8726. nr. Dolores — Four
r' jnp; nice, neat, complete; f IS. ¦
CLASSIFIED aOvertlsements and subscriptions
r»v*elved at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
'encia et. -¦ ¦'¦¦»•
UUOMS TO LET— Pnrn. and Infnrn.
A^nBTN^WICIT BOUSB, 14S Sixth— Rooms
:ic to $1 i>er nyrht, SI £5 to to per week, and
light hou«ekeep:ng; open all night.
BrUNTTT. ICS Market ft. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
r.ifh. mis., *uiies, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. £4»— Nicely furnished rooms at
reasonable rates. ¦ • ;
ELLIS, El*— Newly furnished rooms for gents ,
or ter.ts and wives seeking permanent ioca-
ti<".n.
FOLBOM. SCS. cor. Cth iThe Oliver)— Newly rur-
r.;rlied funny rooms, tingle or suites; reascnbl.
FOURTH. 22H— Nicely furnished bay-window
Rrd *!n_~le rooms; moderate: quiet.
GEARY. 4GS fThe Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
pun;*: n-i?p> cr single; travelers acco'dated.
GRAND SOfTHKRN*. southeast corner Seventh
nr-.l XiUMon els. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
tlr.R'.e, lrdic#* rarlor; leading room; elevator.
HOTEL Francisco— Elfpant suites: single; tran-
ne_t: liatts. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. MS. c«t. 6th— Nicely furnlfhed sunny
rooma rWftnjble; by d»y, week or month.
MINNA. OCT. cor. Eipr.jh-New furr.iehed bay-
winiow room. $1 r-er week; transient.
MISSION. 131s near r.ew Po«tofflce— Nlcely
:urr.!Fped slnele front room, $5.
NEW Arlirirton. 1015 Market— Nicely furnished
rufiriF; 2."c a r.cy up; tt a week up; transient.
DFARKELL. ?>— Funny furnished rooms and
ffflcrs; flrvator; eW'tric lights; day. wk.. mo.
TOST. 2*S— Bohemia; finest Funny rjoms In city
Cor families and Ren'.'.emen: all conveniences;
reSCemcea from the best people in city.
POWELL, 121— Light, clean rrr.s. ; jtuites or sin-
cle; trarsi»nt; running water; rates reduced.
nO?EDALE rrrtMt.tO and Fsri irTiis"etT— RoomsT
right. ;;.c to Jl; week, fl 2S to 14; open night. ,
P.OYAL HOUSE. 1_« ENls et.-Incandescent
light. rea«J;»>e room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; room?, per nljrht. 3.% c to SI 50: week. S;
to ri; month IS tc $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot ar.d cold wattr; bathf.
SEVENTEENTH. 2T35-2 or 3 furnished hou*e-
keepinjr roimt; flO to Jl3; one party adults.
SHERMAN Aparttr,e_t House, 2S Eighth St.,
n'-ar Markrt— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 156— FtfraiHrpd front and back parlors: ,
Fuitahle for doctor's offlce or dressmaker.
THE OAKS. 21» Third— A good rooming house
)r.r pood people.- R. HUGHES, proprietor.
ELASEOTICD adrertiFetr.'nti 1 and mbscriptlons
received at Caj; branch office. 2200 KUlmore.
i BRANCH office for Ca\\ advertisements ar.d
rubscriptior.g has been established at 10SC Va-
lencia «..
£5 nOOJttS^AX^D BOfRD.
?A LIFORN I A. s^7- An T^leT^'oTportunlty'to
recure particularly sleeirable aceom. at niod-
est r»te»: epecial rat?« famiiiee: sunny rms.,
en suite cr t-insj'e; Yren table ;n San Frar<c;sco.
SOTEL SUTHERLAND. 791 Sutter— Choicest
location: flr.ely furnished; superior table; ele-
¦ ¦.:-'. slnsle rooms, with board, $30 up: suits
in proportion.
THE nRADnURT.M^ California-New modern
»»n:i!y hotel: ?xt-ellent Ul>le: 100 l^autlfully
fumis-he-d rooms; niodcrate; phone Hyde 27TL
r'VFATY-SIXTH, 2377. near MUslon — Xicely
furr.!?^. sunny rocms, with or without
";.~a.r_. at very rftscr._b> price?.
•AS HALiIAS. i?^> Market Ft.— Pulte of 2 or 3
rtis«.; prlxmtXi V>ath: «ln. rtn*.: board optional.
{""9
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Edward L. Wood, 40, 217 Turk Btreet, and
Edith Wilicn. 18. 1816 Pine street.
Edmond F. Parquet. 23. city, and Louise C.
Kroetz, 23. city.
Charles C. Sarvis. 37. 317 Golden Gate avenue.
and Maude K. M. Riddle, 21. 317 Golden Gate.
Hjsimar W. Reinholm, 25. 206 Steuart street,
and Mary Anderson. SO. 206 Steuart street.
William J. Boradorl. 22. 911 Hampshire street,
and Kitty F. PattlKon, 22, 725 Connecticut st.
Bartholomew Keville. S4, 1701 Market street,
and Mary J. Muldoon, 27, 34 Glen Park avenue.
l)ani.-l E. Murden. 30. 512 Hyde street, and
Kathryn K. Toher, 25, SSI Oak street.
Charles W. Roat. 26, San Rafael, and Anna
B. Carson. 26. Phillipsburg. Kans.
Ernert Fischer, 42, Jackson, and El'.fabetha
Deutsrhel. 25, Bavaria, Germany.
Frank Artims. 45, 611 Commercial ntreet. and
Anna M. Streeter. 32. L»mpoc, Santa. Barbara
Cnuntw
Albert R. Eyselee. 23. 2C?. l i Harriet street, and
Alma C Fellman, 23, 27 Madison avenue.
B»n W. Collins. 2S. Diamondville, Wyo., and
Anna B. Reid. 81. 1208S York street.
OAKLAND FIH.MTLIIE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED COTTAGES.
TO let for three months — Furnished cottage;
Highland Park, East Oakland: 6 large rooms;
gas, water, bath: delightful location; no fog
or wind; near 2 car lines: 1 hour from city.
O'Rourk* & Jackson. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
BLOCK €4. mun be sold, near 23d aye.. 17th Bt.,
E»Et Oakland; a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL. SWIFT, 1112 East Slx-
tp«=nth st.. Kas=t Oakland.
J23CO— RENTS t2S per month; corner store with
flat of S rooms and stable; grood business lo-
cation; 6 blocks from Broadway; very Bunny;
street work all done; grood tenants.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Real Estate Brokers,
1008 Broadway.
$2750— FINE 9-room modern home with lot 76x
140 feet; fruit trees, garden, etc.; street work
all done: high ground and nice location; In
East Oakland; handy to train and cars.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Real Estate Brokers,
100S Broadway.
1100 CASH; monthly payments a* low rent till
paid for: modern new cottage of 4 rooms,
bath, pantry, closets, high basement, brick
foundation; all fenced; fine well of water, all
first class; 2 fine lots, one a corner; price, all
told, tssfc; city water if desired; street macad-
amized: nice homes all around; near 3 lines of
electric roads and fine schoolhouse and wide
avenue; no fog: or cold winds here: Allendale
Tract, adjoining East Oakland. Call or send
for circular, 455 Seventh st., near cof. Broad-
way, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
BERKELEY COTTAGES TO EET
FOR rent— Hendsome furnished cottage, stable;
convenient local Berkeley. C. HENDERSON,
314 Montpomery «v
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
HOUSE -6 rooms? • pood condition; responsible
party; JiO. 908 Eaele aye.
eoul to-morrow (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, at
Holy Cross Church. Interment private. No
flowers.
McLAUGHLIN— In Salinas. June 25. 1900, Ama-
Ila M., dearly beloved wife of Harry Mc-
LaugMin, dearly beloved daughter of Rosa
and the late Antonio Cavagnaro, and . sister
of Lena, Albina. Clara. Kate. Albert and the
late Guiseppina Cavagnaro, a native of San
Francisco, aged 18 years and 11 months. .;¦'.
MAiHLL— In this city, June 27, 1900. Captain A.
E. Magill. hcloved father of Arthur E. and
Percy W. Magill. and brother of' R. H. and
H. M. Magill, a member of George H. Thomas
Pest No. 2, G. A. R., and Loyal Legion No.
11, K. T.. of Oakland, a native of Hamilton,
Canada, aged 57 years and 7 months.
(C7Friemls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral oervices
Saturday, June. 30, at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence. 706 Thirteenth street. Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
MARSHALL— In Watsonville. June 24, 1900,,
Elwilda Marshall, beloved wife of Frank S.
Marshall, and daughter of Mrs. Charles Muhl-
bach, a native of San Francisco, aged 21 years
. 2 months and 12 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3112 Buchanan street, thence to St.
Francis Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriages. .
PETTIS— In this city, June 26. 1900, at the home
of her daughter, 1110 Clay street, Persls
Hathaway Pettis, beloved mother of Mrs.
W. S. Urmy and Edmond H., John E., Wil-
liam H. and Rev. Charles E. Pettls, and*ls-
ter of Valentine and the late Charles W. and
Edmond V. Hathaway, a native of Massachu-
setts, aged 90 years 2 months and 22 days.
(Vallejo papers pleaee copy.)
C^Frtends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the Methodist
Episcopal Church at Vallejo. Remains will
be at the home of Mrs. W. S. Urmy until 6:30
a. m. Thursday.
REDDY— In this city. June 26, 19W. Patrick,
beloved' husband J of ' Emily M. Reddy, and
brother of Captain Edward A. Reddy. a na-
tive of Woonsocket, R. 1., aged C 2 years.
ICTFuneral services will be held to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, at hi* late residence,
2717 Pacific avenue.
SMITH— In the City and County Hospital,
June 27. 1900, William H. Smith, a native of.
England, aged 65 years.
STRAUSS— In this city, June 27. 1900, Baby
Apnes, beloved daughter of Frank M. and
Julia E. Strauss, a native of San Francisco,
r.fcf-d 8 months. .
TIMLIN— In this city, June 26, 1900, Theresa,
beloved wife of William Timlin, daughter of
Mrs. Johanna Griffln. and sister of Samuel
Grtffln,. a native of San Francisco, aged 29
years. MSNSsBBn^MBtKJSI
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, SSH Ringold street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WITKOWSKY— In Oakland. June 27. 1900, at
1313 Tenth street. Harris, beloved husband of
Henrietta Wltkowsky, and father of Mrs. I.
Holliday, Mrs. >L. Camn and Mrs. M. Camp,
a native of Gnesen, Prussia, a«ed 64 years
11 months and 10 days.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 2» Fifth et. Tel. South 167.
rtmEBAL DIHECTOR3 AND pMBALMEBS.
Fineit Equipment at Moderate Rate*.
Some Places *tt "ST "S»-
Leave San Francisco.* 9:00 a. m. 4:10 p. m. 8:00 p. m.
Arrive Stockton 12:30 p. m. 7:15 p. m. 11:05 P- rTL
¦- " Merced 2:42 .p. m 1:18 a. m.
8 Fresno 4:35 p. m 3:05 a.m.,
Vi5a1iav.............. 6:18 p. m. 4:50 a.m.
Tulare 6:40. p. m 5:10 a.m.
T-Tnnford C-aR n m Tc\f\ a m
X I dll \\J\ \X •••••¦••¦>•••* -i^-O Y>' All. ••••••••••' j m \J\j cl- 111. \
Bakersfield .\ . 8:55 p. m 7:30 a. m.
Kansas City «?"U>"p m
Chicago 7:00 a. m
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 22. 1009.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. •$:». 9:30. 11:00 a. m.|
12:45. *l:«. 3:15, 4:15, »5:15. «:15. 1:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:CO, •3:00. •9:00. 'I^OO. 11:00. 11:39
a. m.: 12:45. »l:30. 2:30. 'a^S. 6:00. «:OJ. 7^B
P- m. ¦ - :r ¦-"•-;
11:00 a. m. doe* not run to San Rafael Sun-
Trains marked (•fron to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:SS. *6JO. 7:50. 8:40. »10:13 a.
m.; 12:J0. 1:15. 2:15, *3:30. 4:SO. 5:30 p. m,
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays
and Saturday* at *6:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:IS. '8:00. »9:50. *U:COa, m.; *12:O»
m.; 1:00. 2:13. »3:30. 4:30. "5:45. «:45. ?:30. 18:20
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WF-EKa DAYS— S:S3. 8:45, 8:C0. 8:55, 10:i0 a.
m.; 12:3*1 1:45. 2:45. 3:30. 4:50. 5:» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:29 p. m.
SUNDAYS-<: 35. S:CS. 10:05, 11:10 a. m.; «:1^
1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 4:65. «:15. 1:05. 10: SO p. m.
- . . • THROL'OH TRAINa
¦•"--'- 7 :C0 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way »ta-
tlon*.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ¦ ¦ -
- 5:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays exceptad)—
Point Reyes and way stations. ¦
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way »ta-
tlcns. * •
12:45 p. ra. Sundays— Point Reye* and way
stations.
« Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
€l2i» KRABM ST. Established
In 1 894 tor the treatment of Private
Dlsevseß, Lost Manhood. Debility or
, dlseue vreartne on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others faU. Try him. - Charger low
I Care«Knaranlee(l. Callorwrlta.
Or. 4, *'. ulßnv.Vi Box 1937i San FraadacaThe City Attorney filed an opinion with
the Board of Supervisors yesterday, .in
which he advises that the board do not
approve the demands of the Evening Post
Publishing Company, aggregating $1117 76,
for printing resolutions, ordinances; etc.
from January 8, 1900. to the date when the
new contract for official advertising went
Into effect. He holds that.no liability will
be incurred by the board for refusing to
approve the demands. The work done by
the claimant was not done In accordance
with any contract as required by the
charter. , #/". "
Demands "Will Not Be Approved.
Notice to Pa3sengers.
Itocnd-trip transfer "tickets on sale at
any of our offices. One trunk (round trip),
60 cents. Morton Special Delivery, 4us
Taylor street, 650 Market street, Oakland
terry depot. \ " '¦?¦:;, *
SAYS SHE WAS MARRIED
WITHOUT HER CONSENT
This Allegation Is Made by Anastasia
Nunan Shaughnessy in Her
: Annullment Suit.
The action by which Anastasia Nunati
Shaughnessy seeks a decree annulling
her; marriage to her cousin. Augustus
Shaughnessy, on the ground of. coercion,
was ; called for hearing by Judge Bahrs
yesterday. Mrs. Shaughnessy alleges that
she was piled with liquor and taken before
Justice of the Peace Kerrigan and mar
ried without her knowledge and against
her will. - / ¦-¦ -
When the ease was called Shaughnessy's
counsel asked for a writ of habeas corpus
on which to assure the attendance of the
plaintiff In; court, it -being claimed that
she was being - taken ; care of at Mark
West, ' Sonoma : County. ¦' Judge • Bahrs de
nied the motion. for a writ of habeas cor
pus, but continued the J case" for a- week
that Mrs.^ Shausrhnessy might be commu
nicated with ' regarding the case.
Concerning Waste Receptacles. *
Some trouble may be experienced by
the Board of Supervisors should the or
dinance permitting F. H. Hilbert to erect
certain waste-paper and litter boxes on
the public street* be finally passed. The
Roard of Public Works has already ar
ranged with the City Street Improvement
Company to maintain on streets of the
first class 450 metal waste receptacles.
No advertising will be permitted on them,
but it Is understood that the boxes to be
furnished by Hilbert will bear adver
tising matter. .
John Brady, charged with assault, to
murder for stabbing Charles Slater, a
pugilist, outside the Olympia* Theater
about two months ago, was discharged by
Judge Fritz yesterday. Slater has gone
to Cape Nome and without his evidence
there was no prospect of a conviction.
Evidence Insufficient.
T>r. McNutt's Team Dashes Into
Streetcar and James "Wilkin
son Is Hurt.
A team of horses belonging to Dr. Me-
Nutt became unmanageable on Van Ness
avenue last evening and ran Into the Sut
ter-street car, injuring Ex-Supervisor
James Wilkinson, who was standing on
the rear platform. One of the horses was
bo badly injured that It was found neces
sary to shoot it.
The team -was belnjj driven by Thomas
Mullane, who Is employed as a coachman
I by Dr. McNutt." Seated In the buggy were
Mullane's two daughters. At Sutter street
and Van Ness avenue the horses became
frightened and ran Into the car. Wllkin-
Fon was struck by the pole of the buggy
and thrown into the street. When picked
up it was found that he had sustained a
j.deep gash over the left eye and several
| bruises about .the body. : He was at once
removed to the MeNutl Hospital, where
his injuries were dres3f>a. "The horse that
was afterward shot thrust its head "into
a window of the car. severing an artery In
Us neck and stampeding the passengers.
With the assistance of several bystanders
the animal was finally extricated and a
policeman terminated Its sufferings with
a bullet. The occupants of the buggy
were not Injured.
EX-SUPERVISOR INJURED
AND ONE HORSE KILLED
An entertainment and social will be
given this evening for the benefit of St.
John's building fund by Dewey Soda
Fountain at Mission Parlor Hall. Seven
teenth street, above Valencia. The com
mittee on arrangements consists of Mrs.
Supple and Misses F. Slattery. L. Mitch
ell, M. McHugh and K. E. Supple. The
array of talent will be large.
For St. John's Building Fund.
Public Improvement Central Club
Proposes a Thorough Clean
ing Out of the Quarter.
Resolutions have been adopted by the
Public Improvement Central Club calling
for the appointment of an advisory board
of one hundred to thoroughly investigate
existing conditions in Chinatown and to
prepare resolutions to submit to the Su
pervisors, Fire and Police Commission
ers, Board of Trade, Merchants' Associ
ation, Chamber of Commerce, ,the Labor
Council of Federated Trades and other
public bodies advocating a strict adher
ence to sanitary regulations, the closing
of all subterranean dwellings and tunnels
and the enforcement of the cubic air or
dinance, the condemnation of all un
sanitary buildings and the extension of
the fire limits to Chinatown ; proper ac
tion by Federal, State and municipal au
t.iorlties to ultimately, remove the Chi
nese from their present location and the
widening of Grant avenue.
The club has also adopted resolutions
thanking the Supervisors for the passage
of the ordinance relating to the removal
of high fences; requesting the Justices of
the Supreme Court to decide as soon as
possible the matter of the legality of the
bonds voted by the city; asking the
Supervisors to enforce consecutive num
bering of both sides of Market street;
also asking the Supervisors to include the
telephone In the public utilities to be ac
quired by the municipality; Indorsing the
project of a street fair to raise funds for
building of a home for the widows and
orphans ot Native Sons, the fair to be
held during the celebration of the semi
centenary of the admission ¦of Califor
nia to the Union, and also suggesting that
the balance of the fund raised for the re
turn of the volunteers be used as a nu
cleus of the home fund.
Several communications . have been ad
dressed, one indorsing the closing of pool
rooms, side entrances to -saloons and
gambling rooms, one favoring the grad
ing of streets on Telegraph Hill; and one
asking Congressman Kahn to- investigate
the truth of the statement that General
Luddington has prohibited- the - use of
California sole , leather In executing con
tracts for army shoes. ¦ - wi
REMOVAL OF CHINESE
IS STRONGLY URGED
Cadets' Concert and Ball.
Its second grand promenade concert
and ball was given last night by the
First Regiment Band, League of the
Cross Cadets, at Hoover Hall, under the
direction of M. F. Walter. The pro
grame rendered by the band was as fol
lows: overture, "Semiramide," Rossini;
"Land of My Dreams," Herman; march,
"Vienna Swallows," Sclogel; and a cor
net solo. "Le Secret Polka," played by
corporal" George Pacheco. The pro
gramme was followed by dancing.
To-night at the Metropolitan Temple
Israel M. Pryce, member of the London
Psychical Research Society, will lecture
upon "The ' Immortality of the Soul."
There will also be a musical programme.
Mr. Pryce has generously offered to do
nate half the proceeds of the lecture to
the Indian famine relief fund.
The Pryce Lecture.
Needless Cruelty Inflicted.
A case of particular cruelty to animals
was reported ¦ to the officers of the So
cety for the Preventon of Cruelty to Ani
mals yesterday. On Tuesday evening a
lot of thirty-six calves were shipped to
this city on the steamer Aurora from An
drews Island. The little beasts were
packed so tight in two small pens that
four died on the trip and the crew had to
kill six to end their sufferings. Upon be
ing released not half of them could walk.
Officers Hooper and McCurry arrested
William McLean, the mate, and charged
him with cruelty to animals.
JOHN H. HEGLER, a pioneer of
prominence, died suddenly yester.
day at his home, 22S Halght street.
' from an affection of the heart. The
deceased,' though' widely, known in com
merclal circles, was more prominent by
reason of the time and place of his birth.
He was born in Sonoma- County in 1547,
and if not the first white boy who saw
the light of day in California there were
few, very few, before him.
- For many, years Mr. Hegler has-been
Interested in farming in this State. In
business circles he was known as a re*
tired wholesale commission merchant,
having been- the senior member of the
well-known firm of Hegler & Johnson.
After Joseph- H. Scott assumed the du
ties of Tax Collector, he appointed Mr.
Hegler a deputy In his office. .
Deceased leaves a ¦wife and two chil
dren, a son and a daughter.
Charles F. Latimer.
STOCKTON, June 27.— Charles F. Lati
mer, the old-time typo and inventor of
the musicgraph, a method of reproducing
music cheaply by a secret process, died
suddenly last night at . the residence of
his partner, 11. T. Smart, In the Fair
Oaks, a suburb of Stockton. The music
graph secret died with him. The cause
of death was heart disease, caused by
over-indulgence In intoxicants. The de
ceased originally came from Nevada,
where he leaves a brother and two chil
dren, a third child, a daughter, being in
Europe studying music. He was one of
the best known printers on the coast.
William C. Priest.
CHINESE CAMP. June 27— William C.
Priest, proprietor of Priest's Hotel at Big
Oak Flat, died to-day after a lingering
Illness of two months. Deceased was a
prominent and highly respected citizen
and- identified with the best Interests of
this county. He held the position of su.
perintendent and general manager of the
Big Oak Flat and Yosemlte Stage Com
pany for many years. He was a member
of the Free and Accepted Masons, under
whose auspices the funeral will take
place. __„___ '
L. W. Goodwin.
Vicar General Dowling.
MOKELUMNE HILL.. June 27.— L. W.
Goodwin, a pioneer of 1850, died ' in . this
place last Monday and was buried yester
day.* He had been Constable of this town
ship for thirty years, and for twenty
seven years a deputy under Sheriff Thorn.
He was a brave -and fearless officer and
was the veteran Sheriff's favorite in cases
which required nerve.
I CHICAGO, June 27.— Rev. D. N. J.
Dowllng, vicar general of the nrchdiocese
of Chicago, died here to-day of heart dis
ease. He was pastor of St. Bridget's
Catholic Church.
Mrs. Catherine L. Clemens.
NEW YORK. June 27.-Mrs. Catherine
Lott Clemens, wife of Will RI. Clemens,
died suddenly to-day of heart trouble at
Hackensack, N. J. . "32g?S£Sil
T>ecedent Bequeathed Sis Son Sis All
to the Exclusion of His
Widow. f
The will of the late Louis Levinson, who
died on June 20 in this city, -was offered
for probate by Oscar J. Mayer yesterday.
Decedent bequeaths his entire estate,
which Is of large value, to his son, Hugo
A. JLievinson. The testatQr says:
"I make no provision for my wife,
Sophia Levinson. she having durlngr.my life
received more than her share of my es
tate, the same having been paid to her
under a certain document the original of
which Is among my papers."
Hugo A. Levinson, Oscar J. Mayer and
J. Drassner are named as executors, to
serve without bonds.
TESTAMENT OF THE LATE
LOUIS LEVINSON FILED
THE Southern
Pacific Rail
road C o m
pany has be
come the victim
of its own mo
nopolistic meth
ods in the matter
of the Fresno
rate case and the
people will hence
forth. If a deci
sion rendered yes
terday by Judge
Bahrs is sustain
ed by the Su
preme Court, reap
benefit from an
111-advi se d step
which was taken
JUDGE BAHRS
by the corporation In an effort to beat
<3own the legitimate competition ot
the San Francisco and San Joa
qu!n Valley Railroad Company. "When
this lattor company opened Its line be
tween San Francisco and Fresno and the
people. loyaJ to the corporation that had
freed them from the Southern Pacific mo*
nopoly, withdrew their patronage from
the old lines rates were immediately re
duced between the two cities mentioned
by the Southern Pacific combination.
From Jo 90 for one first-class passenger
fare for one way between the two cities
the corporation reduced the rate to S3 75.
Recently the Southern Pacific issued a
new schedule and the old rate of J5 90 for
fare between San Francisco and Fresno
•was restored. The railroad company
failed to solicit permission from the
Board of Railroad Commissioners to re
rtore the old rate and action was com
menced on the relation of J. C. Moore to
compel the restoration of the competitive
rate of $3 75. The Board of Railroad Com
missioners sustained Moore's allegations
In toto and nave judpment against the
company. The Superior Court was asked
to issue a perpetual injunction restrain,
ing the restoration of the $5 90 rate. The
petition for injunction was elaborately
argued before Judcre Bahrs. and the court
has ordfred that a perpetual injunction
iFsue forthwith. In addition to defeat,
ing the attempt of the Southern Pacific
Betail - Liquor Dealers Not Exempt
From Paying License for Rec
tifying Their Stock.*
Internal Revenue Commissioner Wilson
notified Internal Revenue Collector Lynch
yesterday that hereafter all retail liquor
dealers who rectify In less quantities than
five gallons must pay the rectifier's license
tax of $100 per annum. Every grocer, sa
loon-keeper or other liquor dealer 'who
waters his whisky or his wines must pay
the license. The explanation is made that
the law has always been that way, but
that the Internal Revenue Department
has not enforced it in the case of re
tailers who blend, rectify or dilute spirits
or wine In quantities of less than five gal
lons.
WATERED WHISKY AND
WINES TO BE TAXED
Thomas Kenealy and Jerry Dally be
came involved in an altercation with Har
ley_ Ostrander, barkeeper in the sa
lodn, over the payment of a round
of drinks In the saloon of the last
named, corner of Pine and Dupont streets,
last night, and during the quarrel Ken
ealy fired a shot at Ostrander's head. Os
trander threw up his hands as Kenealy
fired- and the bullet struck him in the
left arm.
As soon as the shot was fired Kenealy
and Daily ran from the saloon, but were
caught by Policeman H. P. Braig- and
brought to the California-street station.
Kenealy admitted having fired the shot,
but claimed that he did it in self-defense,
as Ostrander reached for his pistol to
shoot him first. When searched at the
prison an ugly-looking dirk was found on
Dally.
A charge of assault to commit murder
was placed against Kenealy and a charge
of assault with a deadly weapon was reg
istered against Daily.
Ostrander was taken to the City Receiv
ing Hospital, where it was found that the
bullet had Inflicted- a flesh wound in the
forearm. He claims that the men re
fused to pay for a round of drinks which
they had ordered and that Kenealy shot
him without provocation. Kenealy says
he is a brother of ex-Assemblyman
Charles Kenealy.
Bullet Intended for the Man's Head
Strikes Sim in Left Arm.
Shooter and Jerry Daily
Arrested.
Thomas Kenealy Charged
With Trying to Murder
H. Ostrander.
REFUSED TO PAY
FOR DRINKS AND
SHOT AT BARMAN
combination to again tighten Its grip on
the people's purse. Judge Bahrs' decision
has made known to the corporations that
the Railroad Commission is the authori
tative body In railroad matters in this
State, and that the Southern Pacific, not
withstanding- its wealth and power, can
111 afford to ignore its authority.
In his decision Judge Bahrs says:
This proceeding is taken pursuant to the pro
visions of the constitution of the State o£ Cali
fornia directing the courts to carry into execu
tion the lawful decisions of the Board of Rail
road CommlFsloners.
It Is perfectly clear to me that the Board of
Railroad Commippfoners had Jurisdiction to
hear and determine the complaint of J. C.
Moore. The proceeding had were in entire ac
cord with the constitution and the statutes.
There fs. In fact, no question made as to the
regularity of the proceedings before the board.
As to the contention of the railroad
companies that they will be denied their
rights guaranteed by certain provisions
of the constitution of the United States
the court says:
Everj- statute Is presumed to be constitu
tional. The courts ought not to declare one
unconstitutional unless it Is clearly so. If there
Is doubt, .he expressed will of the Legislature
should be sustained. A fortiori is this true
when applied to a constitutional provision. The
will of the people of a State should not be de
feated unless there is no doubt that they have
violated the Federal constitution or its amend
ments.
I have shown. I think, judicial authority
which is entitled to the greatest respect, nega
tiving the contentions of the defendants as to
the illegality of the constitutional provisions
of our State in the particulars indicated.
Defendants have also asked the court to hear
testimony as to the reasonableness of the rates
charged "by them, and to determine that the
rate of J3 73 is unreasonable and conflscatory.
Even if it could be conceded that this power ex
ists in the court." I do not believe that the
court can exercise It until after the Board of
Railroad Commissioners has done bo. If the
[mwer exists at all. it can only be exercised in
review of the proceedings of the board, to pre
vent it from enforcing unreasonable rates,
¦which has been held to be a taking of property
¦without due process of law.
Inasmuch as it does not appear that our con
stitution Is violative of the Federal constitution,
or the amendments there, and inasmuch as the
dfcision of the Board of Railroad Commission
ers Is final, in matters within their Jurisdic
tion, except, perhaps, in the determination of
the reasonableness or rates, and inasmuch as
there 1* no Issue tendered by the pleadings upon
which the court can take any evidence, it fol
lows that plaintiff, the Board of Railroad Com
missioner* of the State of California, is entitled
to a final and perpetual injunction, carrying
into execution the decision set forth in the com
plaint, heretofore (riven and made by it, and the
same is hereby accordingly awarded.
Holds Rates Reduced for Competitive Purposes
Must Stand Until Authoritative Body
Decrees Otherwise.
Verdict of Railroad Commission
Has Been Affirmed by
Judge Bahrs.
RAISE IN FRESNO
FARES UNLAWFUL
Daughter of Southern Pa
cific Official to Marry
Harrison J. Parker.
. w f HEN Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Stubbs
111 returned from their Eastern trip
111 yesterday it was with the new 3
that their daughter. Miss Edith
Stubbs, had become engaged to
Harrison J. Parker of Chicago. The an
nouncement will come as a complete sur
prise to San Francisco society.
Miss Stubbs accompanied her parents on
their Eastern trip. In Chicago the Call
fornians met Mr. Parker, whom they had
known slightly when he was in San Fran
cisco two years ago. The renewed ac
quaintanceship led to the engagement, the
announcement of which took place yes
terday. Miss Stubbs accompanied her
parents home and according to present
plans the wedding will take place here
sometime In the fall.
Miss Stubbs, besides being exceedingly
beautlful. Is highly accomplished. She is
extremely popular In the younger set, In
which she made her debut very recently.
Mr. Parker Is prominently connecteJ
with the business department of the Chi
cago Times-Herald and is looked upon as
one of the most enterprising commercial
men In the windy city. During his so
journ here he was very popular and his
California friends will congratulate him
on his choice.
MISS STUBBS TO
WED CHICAGOAN
Well- Known Pioneer Suc
cumbs to Heart
Disease-
DEATH SUMMONS
JOHN H. HEGLER
meeting with Toby Irwln, and the meet
ing of the two stout-hearted youngsters
should result in an interesting bout. It
will be preliminary to the return meeting
of Jack Moffatt and Al XeiH.
Down at the San Francisco Athletic
Club on Sixth street to-night a score or
more ambitious, amateur boxers will
pummel one another, one brace at a time,
to their hearts' content. Alex Greggalna,
the successful matchmaker of the club,
has brought together what he pronounces
a lot of likely boxers. They will surely
make up in earnestness and aggressive*
ness anything they may lack In skill with
the gloves. The gymnasium Is sure to b*
tested to its fullest seating capacity, as
these hurricane bouts always please the
old ring goers.
«pHOM.IS COX, who claims the fcath
1 erweight boxing championship of the
\ . colonies and who is called the "Terry
McGovern of Australia," will make
his American debut in a twenty-round
bout with Willie Cole on the . 12ih inst.
The diminutive boxer was so anxious to
enow his ability with the gloves that he
agreed to give away weight. The articles
of agreement call for a weight of 127
pounds on the a-fteraoon of the fight. In
Australia Cox fought at lIS pounds, but
It is expected the charge of climate will
tend to increase this at least two pounds.
Cole will come In just under the limit.
Cm Tc-Ks born in Brunswick. Victoria.
Australia, June 4. IS7S. He has engaged
in thirty-five ring battles, of which he has
won the major portion in a sharp and de
cisive manner. He defeated Toby Trav
ers in two and a half rounds; Billy Ryan,
three rounds; George Lee of England,
elfiht rounds, and again in ten rounds;
Arthur Pike, ten rounds, repeating in fif
teen; The -Maori, a draw; at a second
meeting Cox won In two and a half
rounds; Ted O'Bree, beaten In four
rounds; George Young, two rounds; Ar»
thur Pike, for the third time; Jack Cos
son, four ro-unds; Jim Hiscutt. twice;
Jack Woods, six rounds; Mclvor, nine
rounds; Ted O'Neill, fifteen, and Tom
Essler, twice in ten rounds and eight, re
spectively.
Cole showed his best form In his recent
BOXES THOMAS 00X, THE "AUSTRALIAN TERBY. 2FGOVERN," TS SIS VABIETT.
Chauncey M. St. John, acting Surveyor
of the Port during the absence of Sur
veyor Spear In the Kast, has exonerated
Daniel J. O'Leary, customs Inspector,
from all blame in the matter of the de
portation of Wong Mei. Wong Mci was
deported through - a mistake on the part
of some one after Collector Jackson had
consented to allow Lyman I. Mowry, his
counsel, to file a brief on appeal, notwith
standing that the time for the appeal had
expired.
"Mr. O'Leary obeys no orders," said
Mr. St. John, "except such as j come
through this office, and such orders, in
the case of Chinese Immigrants, are al
ways given in writing, so that our records
will show every transaction of this office.
We put Wong M£» on board the China in
pursuance of a written order from the
Collector coming through the Chinese bu-.
reau, and it was the business of the bu
reau to take him off." Mr. O'Leary has no
right to take orders from any on© except
from the Surveyor of Customs, and if he
should do so we would take him to task
for it."
Mr. St. John's -attitude is significant in
view of the rumors that have been float-
Ing around the Custom-house for some
time past that Surveyor Spear, who went
to the Philadelphia convention to vote for
McKinley and Long, was laying the wires
to succeed Colonel Jackson as Collector of
the Port. ¦ , • .
The Collector admitted yesterday .* that
he had received Mr. Howry's charges by
mail and that they were the same as those
published in The Call, j He said that Chief
Dunn had reported to him that he (Dunn)
had Informed Mr.' O'Leary personally that
Chinaman No. -63 (Wong Mci). was to be
taken off the steamer and that O'Leary
had told* him that the matter had been
attended to. Chinese Inspector Barbour,
he added, had corroborated the statement
of Chief Dunn and Inspector O'Leary had
denied that Dunn had made any request
of him with reference to Wong Mei.
Chief Dunn laughed yesterday when
asked about the matter. \
"Wherever the blame may He," he said,
"no harm has been done. Wong was not
entitled to land In any event and he has
grone a little sooner than he otherwise
might. With reference to the stand* taken
by Deputy Surveyor St. John, I have only
to say that Collector Jackson Is the head
of this Custom-house, and his orders must
be obeyed. He Is above the Surveyor and
his deputy, and If he should give me or
any other Federal official an order to
transmit to the Surveyor the Surveyor
would be required to obey it. I am not
worrying about Mr. Mowry's charges nor
about the departure of his client, Wong
Mei."
Head of the Chinese Bureau Says
Collector Jackson Is Superior
to the Surveyor and His
Han.
Chauncey St. John Exoner
ates Inspector O'Leary
From Blame.
ACUSATION OF
MOWRY AGAINST
DUNN ARE FILED
THE SAIS FBANGISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 28, 1900.
NEW FEATHERWEIGHT CHAMPION
HAS JUST COME TO TOWN.
12
JOHN H. HEGLER.
0
If trimming event jp r W<^^^<iP^£P ) comparisons |^J
»t itnv BtnreThut this •it might be oSff *~L*£T" ~^S^ The simple facts are these— we find ii \\
1 consldfr^d earty to mile general re- M '^^jGOOOCOOO*^ ta stock about mo good .trie light- | i
3 ductionn ln trimmings, but our plan Is ' . A. "*' _^.i« height kersey and covert cloth jack- fc f\
S to give patrons the advantage of price- f•i vm jchin^S IOF tilß TOUrtll et3 ln »K ht ,_ ta "- v,u ,f ht brown, gray and K3
3 savine at a time when the goods are TUrni&nmg© !«• »ie ivmi !.¦• Karnet( wtth the line of sizes in some \ M
f still wanted. you can with positive profit an« satisrae- colors broken: while therefore we can ;.H
a treat collection of pearl bead tlon CO me to th« 6 o'clock jtore fervour K !vf yr.u any slzc, wo ram.it rarnnt^ C*ll
gimp, loop edge mohair tubular braid. f Our th of July requirements, whether Hags, to have It in the exact color you may = BM
colored silk .elmp in combinations. 1 bunting Japanese lanterns, telescope bas- wish, but your size is in one or more of S f|
fancy silk and mohair combinations, cis or articles for wear ln the mountains the colors named above— it is for as * H
fancy mohair gimp, fancy silk gimp, or a^ the ocean resorts. slight a cause as this that we re-mark § ll
mourningr bead gimp; a wide range of . «- A .«, *>+ava the E H
3 colors and combinations in goods that XmC FICW SXOFe § *|j
were formerly 15c to 23c; go now at. the ¦workmen are making: snch excellent jm.no garments to $15.73 gl M
per yard : 9° progress on our new store that we conn- 1T. 50 garments to $300 J5 B
! fancy black and colored silk and, mo- dently expect to be In there by September 13.00 garments to 13.75 a }}
j hair gimps, black and colored beaded lBt f or ren ta.i this store apply G. 11. Lmo- ' I*
gimps, worth up to 60c; now, per Ben co In thl » *°t is a splendid value Jacket m
1 yard ." isc mail orders invited. at J2.45. . , -
colored silk applique, colored and ma " oraers """ c «l
black silk, mohair and beaded gimps. UftUCPlf C*f*r\\r\f* nOtGS t0 keep C *» M ln t0 «C» the Jack- iift
worth up to ?sc; reduced to. per nUUsCKCCpi I I fZ> "wIM et offering we place on sale at same Si®
yard ••v--, 2^° Mason iars. time light broadcloth ones trimmid \ iISI
I mohair and silk yokes and bolero ef- mason jars. wUh s]lk appnque> rncha , r 1 «£»
f fects; worth Jl to $1 50; reduced to. • i a tan, castor, blue and black as fnil vsKi
each 430 Pip,,. ->1 2-at lows: Vvi
wlile eilk applique ln a of .ifcSSSEZSi^k tv» rnmmtnin 222
i pretty flpslgns. lncludinß ASSSsSs?*^ \ While mountain. . , fl . . -,_.,„„. . JT'Tk
S shadps; worth $1.00 to $1 23; offered at. \ to ................... .^'. jj^3 Sl^B
¦m- mohair and silk yokes, boieros and ' f|»™ J V.O "0 gamer.ts redu"»d *^ t- -r f 5 !
'a reveres; reduced from *2.00 and $3.00 to |Ifl Wl m< =g *™' w « arraen « reaucea t? $8.75 ;.. ¦
M each 98c ' iaif^- -I 5I 5 frVS^^^^T J7.50 garments reduced t0... W75 Si
I big reductions in braids || l|,pAif . ' m
% silk tubular braid, 10 gross' assorted I. 1 fig iilfl M /zWis, ¦^-* ¦' r^S-i^X^-,/ nioocinn rzviri • fill
\f colors. U-lnch wide, in 6Uc grade, now. fi|i ii f f ,f, f • V V^?- I *^^!'* P' ed SinS UflQ Lfji
3*g 'TmUedquar.myoVVanVyV^pedgetui fc|i|l'' &> i* W^^i •' f Patriotic dISDIaV KB
if wld7 SI»Vlv"^ Ino1 now 1O yßarty B art' 4 " lnC 55 lIIS'J^ %' J& the % width decoration buntins ln trl- WJ\
wlce, form«Tl> .Uc. now, yard 5c -"-- fj -=^^-^= color ar.d stars ar.d stripes, per ya-> 4- fc^fl
&M savings in silks *••""' ' Ela
i ? foulard silk clearing t — IZZ!! 111 ! 11 *^— r _ nnttnn r»ovpr+ r*ln*K
$A w, want you to look al the window Mason jars. 1 qt.. per dozer '•••••••••••• V^ COIIOn COVen ClOtn
\M display and note the beauty of the 2 qt. white mountain icecream freezer ..Jl.So there are 1300 yards of 27 inch good 3 %^
y colorings, the excluslveness of the de- 8 qt. first quality enamel ware dishpan 3ac ,n, n tan> blue and g^y ot the l: , 2C v ;*^
**¦> signs; to come ln and examine the tex- 2 qt. first quality enamel ware rice boiler 63c , ty that we shall place on sale to^,,. %^J
' y ture nnd observe the finish; then you 6 qt. straight side covered saucepan, en- at> yard m tffr-s
'1 will better understand why it. is al- amel ware ..; •••• ••*« HB-
•*<] ways policy to trade here, but 1711 2 burner blue flame wlckless oil stoves.. s3.3o ... - r«*liaKil!+i# W !
V-Y yards left— which. It must be ad- ovens, fit gas or oil staves, sheetiron. as- linHlc^S OT 16113011117 vH >l
¦ T3 I mitted. Is a small quantity— made up bestos Jtned ••-• ?Z-" th nt fV __.., rt»~,T,rt« n^,^ *Sl
«k| o _ f.itirvii-o- .._¦„. h n w 3 nlv si inch foot 7c * ne nr OI x ~ e ra "" ient aepenas upon jiM
VIA » SSTif the Ssc rrade. now at..59c CS^fSn! ?oVton, whh spreader and jj^y"^ '^ <% wro^'aTfour^c f>
M^f 4^B jaras or tne jl.-o erade, now at..3Sc colorings for fancy skirt linings, now.
ff cur 19-inch wide 75c srade of lace M#f£iffld /&LA Affi^ <£&& , ii
N etrlpo tafTeta sl!ka in charmine styles £&/ AST jrr^* *SE*''Stf*' ggjjgp cur best 19c crada of sHesia ln a'! th» /
I and dainty colorings; silks that make /2&jr ~^ '^T staple and fancy shades. Including
those chic waits; now, per yard 63c ****" *^S^nJS?SgQP €fOOO^,^^^ black, now 3c
People read the Park News from cover to
cover. Mysell-Rolllns, j22 Clay, Pub. ; " • -
FOR
OFFERINGS
TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW!
Lot I— r.ADIKS' WHITE LAUNDERED
WAISTS; detachable collar: all sizes: $1
quality; to-day's price. 55c
Lot 2-LADIES' TUBBED VESTS: finest
Egyptian combed cotton; high neck; long
sleeves; reg. 35c quality; to-day's price.. 19c
Lot 3— LADIES' DUCK OR COVERT CLOTH
OVERSKIRTS; 3^ yards wide; reg. $1.25
quality; to-day's price 7Oc
Lot 4— LADIES' RICHELIEU RIBBED HOSE:
full finished and fasfblack; reg. 25c quality;
¦ to-day's . price '. 15c
Lot 5— LADIES' FRENCH-SHAPED CORSETS;
all sizes; reg. 75c quality; to-day's price
48c
Lot 6 — LADIES' . UNION LINEN HEM-
STITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS: half and
some one Inch hem; worth 10c;' to-day's
pric* 4c each
TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW WE PLACE
ON SALE OUR ENTIRE LINE OF SUMMER
WEIGHT CHILDREN'S JACKETS. CAPES
AND CLOAKS AT A REDUCTION OF
TWENTY-FIVE' CENTS ON EACH DOLLAR
FROM MARKED PRICES. ,
A garment that is marked S3 you
buy for 93.73.
|4 marked garments you buy f0r .93.
$3 marked garments you buy for. 92.25. >
' $2 marked garments you buy for'|tl.sO.
And bo on up and down -the line. ¦
OUR WRAPPER DEPARTMENT, always
alive to' the. best interest of our patrons,' has
something good to offer to-day and to-morrow.
LADIES' WRAPPERS, cut full, waist lined,
dark and medium colons, to-day's price 55e.
THREE MORE DAYS and our LACE.;EM-
BROIDERY and RIBBON SALE will be at an
end.; .During these days 'new and enticing bar-
gains introduced each day. •' :
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet.. Taylor and Jones.
Manufacturers of Children's and Infants' Wear.
Sell ! Retail at ' Wholesale | Prices. '
For more than fifty years the famous Jesse
Moore whiskey has been the standard brand of
the world. •
CATALOGUE FREE.
COUSTET ORDERS SOLICITED.
Some o? the things you need— lf not
in this list then at oar •tore— at
equally good values.
KONA COFFEE, Ib 25c
That famous Hawaiian product,
roast or sround.
ftesularljr 30c.
SWEET WINES 35c, 3 bots $1.00
Port, Sherry, Angelica, Muscat,
Madeira, Malaga and Tokay,
rare old California wines.
Kerularly 50c a bot.
BABY PIM-OLAS, 3 bots 50c
Olives stuffed with
sweet red peppers — very delicious.
Recnlarly 20c a bet.
SAPOLIQ, 4 cakes 25c
Regularly 3 for 23c.
OK WHISKEY, bot 75c, 3 bots $2
Finest quality of this Gallon $3.00
well-known brand.
Ueeularly Jl and J4.
SALAD DRESSING, bot 256
Mrs. Heernan's celebrated cake-
there is nothing better.
Regularly 30c.
SOUPS, SKSS£:3-can5....250'
Chicken, Oxtail. Mock Turtle.
Mullairatawns. Vegetable. Tomato. Julienne,
Coinomme, etc.
Prepared from very best Ingredient*.
Regularly 10c a can.
RANCH EGGS, dozen I7ic
The very choicest.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
(Old number 21 Stockton St.)
* TELEPHONE MAIN 652.
Handsome & ~1 00
Velour /
Couches 4> g VdSn
One of Our Many, and Timely Specials.
ABOVE SIXTH.
Fhans South It. a*a Trtaelses.
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
t017'1033 MISSION 9TKBBT,
Send five cents ln stars:* for
postage on new farnltur* catalog.
THE J. NOONAN
G2O Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel).
San Francisco.
Eastern Office— New York City.
In Inventing his world-renowned Magnetic
Elastic Truss * Dr. Pierce pave to the public
the m:st remarkable remedy ever discovered
for the successful treatment ot Herflla. or
Rupture. Thousands of s"« ere "
permanently relieved and radically CURED by
this great appliance, and thousands of others
are now on th* road to complete recovery. This
Truss is different from all others. It does the
W You can get our -BOOKLET NO. 1" fey call-
Ing at the office, or it will be cent on receipt
of a 2-cent stamp. It tells all about this Truss.
Address,
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS GO..
RUPTURE CURED.
pipP WONDERFUL
PALACE HOTEL
Tbe nigh standard of 4xccl!«ne» c-.»!a-
tatr.ed by these hotels Is racognlzsd »ni
appreciated by a discriminating and '***
tldlcui clientele who regularly males then
iheir headquarter* when in Saa Francisco.
Located in clos* proximity to wboleula
«nd tbopplag districts, plans of amuse-
ment and with the further «dvu>tas» of
having street cars to all point* ot totcrtst
pa** tbe entrance.
American plan. European ptaa.
GRAND HQTEL
.YIN MARIANI
MARIANI WINE-WORLD FAMOUS TONIC
THE EVIDENCE « übnil "ed clearly
prove* that the
medical profession as well as all who ¦ have
used;Vln Marlani pronounce it unequaled. ab-
solutely reliable and safe. Can be taken, with
perfect confidence whenever, a , tonic restorative
is required.
All Druggists. - Refuse Substitutes.
3-Day Specials!
IBURsiUY. FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
Hales.
Hales.
Halo's.
| Paderewski to Steinway.
I Messrs. Steinway & Sons, New
\ York:
> Gentlemen — Before leaving your
I 'hospitable shores' I must convey
I to you my heartiest thanks for
v the beautiful Steinway upright
B piajio that you placed in my pri-
ll vate car.
H In view of the fact that ln my
M recent concert, tournee we. cov-.
Q rred over 22. f >OQ miles ar.d that wo
U went through many changes' of
12 climate, from the most severe
[j cold to tropical heat. I was-sur-
B prised beyond words that this lit-
9 tie piano did not chow the sligrht-
¦ <>st chances In action, 'niwhan- '
B if=m and tone under the trying or-
D deal. The beauty of Its tone, the
B powrr of ' Its resonance and the
m perfection of its' mechanism were
g ,a sourep of dally delight to me, •
| is ) had the Instrument in con-
5 stant use jirarticlnp for my con- ¦
9 certs. Sincerely -yours.
B I. J. PADEREWSKI.
B May the 15, 1000.
P Why not trade your.uprlpht for
B a baby grand?
t ¦ Remember we sell Stein ways
¦ on easy payments.
I Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
q Piano and Music House,
H Cor. Kesmy and Sutter Sts., 8. F.
6rjS ¦ Cash or
little-at-a-tlme.
IsM — w^
PAINLESS
DENTISTRY!
Evenings until 9. Sundays all *
•lay. ?
Full Set of Teetn. pain- i
less extractions free..S4.oo no I
Gold Crowns. 22-k &1.50 up "
' Fillings 25c up "
Teeth Without Plates Our ' '
1 Specialty. "We give gas. ' '
"VAN VRO'OM,"
IOOt MARKET, -,
SIXTH and MARKET.