AT THE HEAT OF WAR
Dr. Conan Doyle, the author ot "Sherlock Holmes/' making his rounds among the wounded Canadians in
• the Langman Hospital.
BLAKE ACCUSES BRITISH
OF INHUMAN TACTICS
DALLAS. Tex.. June 3.— General J. T. P.
Blake, commander of the Irish brigade In
the Boer army, was a Texas n cowboy in
'' early life and / was known as "Beau"
Blake. Alexander W. Robertson of Den
ton County received a letter from General
Blake to-day. In which the general says:
"This war is to destroy the liberty and
Independence of the Dutch and deprive
them of their gold fields to satisfy Rhodes.
Chamberlain and Milner. He that would
serve humanity best would have hanged
for their perfidy the above trio of political
rascals. The Dutch are too liberal, too
humane and too strict In their observance
of the rules sovernlne civilized warfare
to contend with the English, who abuse
the armistice, the Red Cross, the white
flag' and murder wounded captives with
the lance on the battlefield.
"The Irish brigade, which I have the
honor to command. Is composed of Irish
and Irish-Americans, and a braver and
more determined lot of men you will not
:ind anywhere. I was wounded in the right
arm below the elbow by-a shrapnel shell
on October 3> at the battle of-Modder
sprult. In front of Ladysmith, I never
left the batt".< field, although I was. laid
up for six wseks."
He was at once told to hand It over and
It seemed as acceptable to the bold bandit
as the shining gold pieces.
Excitement runs high in this locality
and should the highwayman be captured
he would probably meet with rough usage.
Some oT the bolder spirits openly assert
that a rope would be too good for tne
man and news from the Sheriff's pesse
is eagerly awaited.
The man made no attempt to disguise
his voice and any of his victims could
easily Identify him. His description tal
lies with that of the highwayman who
successfully held up one of the Yosemite
stages a few days ago.
There Is much speculation regarding his
moves after escaping from the cavalry
men, believe he has a lair in the
hills and Is concealed in the neighborhood
of the spot where the stage was held up.
The eagerness with which he accepted Joe
Footman's , box of food Is dwelt upon in
support of this theory- Others hold that
he had a horse concealed among the trees
and is successfully making his way to
one of the larger cities by a safe but cir
cuitous route and will mix freely with
other men until his funds are exhausted.
A minute description of the man has
been telegraphed to surrounding cities ana
the officers hope rather for his capture at
a railway station than In the hills.
Weil-Known Berkeley ans,: Victims of the Lone Highwayman.
Special.Dispatch to The Call.
RAYMOND, June 3.—The lone high-
man who successfully held up four
stages yesterday is still at large,
chpHff Thiirman anA nn««» a ri>
Ion »£ t£VIw n f fh«
closely watching all roads in the
vicinity, but as yet the only clew to the
robber's identity is a satchel containing
clothing and pictures which.was found in
.k. hr,,«h i-oor ,,.>,,,,„ tvio- hi"hu-avimn
the brush near where the nigh* a> man
was nrst seen.
An event which almost proved h!s un-
doing has indirectly aided the bandit In
making his escape. While he was at-
from one of the stages he was surprised
by a number of cavalrymen. He at once
darted into the brush and the soldier.-s i
searched for him for several hours. He
made good his escape, however. andth«
hoofs of twenty, horses plowed up in,
ground so thoroughly that It Is now im-
possible to find the trail. .
It is the common belief that the bandit t
had a number of accomplices waiting in '
the brush or he would nor have gone ¦
about his work in sucn a deliberate man-
ner. He walked freely among his vie- !
j tims and asked each man in turn If ho
I had any weapons. All this time his body
was an easy .target for any .man who
might have been armed. >L
, "ales of individual experiences aYe now
leaking out. All are interesting and-some
a trtfle humorous, although the parties in
terested fail to see the joke. T. H. Grif
fin of San Francisco was ordered to pass
around the hat, which he did. Evidently
the passengers did not think they were In
church and contribute the smallest coin,
ag tne co,, ect!on netted 5340. Wnen tne
fl,^ gtage was stopped a tourist from
New Zealand stepped out. He says he
thought the halting place was a toll gate
and pulling out a fat wallet began search-
Tne traverer hesitated a moment, but not
liking the road agent's rifle reluctantly
handed over the" purse. It contained $77.
One passenger had presence of mind
enough to drop $60 down his back before
th | h c e robbe" was aroare'nUy willine t,
taB ea$thin B*B XSHe? ?W
denced by the story of Joe Footman, a
teamster. Footman drove into the little
ambuscade and unhesitatingly obeyed the
order of "Hands up." He was asked If
he any valuables ar.d replied that a "box
of grub" was his only earthly possession.
SAN JOSE. June 4.— Frank Narvaer. a
laborer, was shot in theJieck and Instant
ly killed in the Universal restaurant at I
o'clock thi3 morning by some unknown
person. Narvaez had some words with,
the man when the shot wa3 fired. Th,©
police are looking for the murderer.
Frank N"arvaez Shot *Tjy an TJn
kno-wn, for Whom Police Are
-• ' Looking.
SAN JOSEArf KILLED
IN A RESTAURANT
The men were surprised while forcing
an entrance to a clothing store. Three ot
the men attempted a descent by means
of a pole standing close to one of the
buildings. At least two of them fell from
about the~third story to the pavement
below.
Alexander Crowe. 21 years old. was
killed and William Dicksoa was found
un-~nscioxi3. It la thought that the other
man fell on top of those two and was not
Injured. He made his escape.
James Smith. 22 years of age, was
caught on the roof.
BURGLARS PURSUED OVER
TENEMENT HOUSE TOPS
NEW YORK. June 3.— The police at an
early hour this morning chased four
hotxse-breakers over the rooftops in the
One-Hundred-and-Third-street East Side
tenement district with disastrous results.
The Orinoco brings a report that a Co
lombian gunboat, the Cordova, was sunk*
by the rebels between Carthagena and
Colon. " • _ ¦
larders to land marines If the city wa3
threatened by the rebels. The authorities
of Colon had been Impressing Into the
military service large numbers of- native
youths.
The United States warship Machias was
at Colon when the Orinoco left, under
KINGSTON. Jamaica. June 3. — The
British steamer Orinoco, which arrived
here to-<Jay from Colombia, reported that
on May 31 the rebels were within six miles
of Panama. The British Consul and other3
had left with their families for Tobago
for safety. AH the Colombian soldiers
had left Colon to strengthen the Panama
garrison, and 2S) soldiers brought from
Savanilla by a French steamer had gone
to Panama.
British Consul and Other Foreigners
Leave the City for
Safety.
COLOMBIAN REBELS
CLOSING ON PANAMA
An Intimate friend of Gomez says that
If the parties refuse to combine he will
establish a Cuba Libre party of his own
and endeavor to obtain a plebiscite o£
the entire Island, expecting In that way to
force the political leaders to adopt hl3 pro
posal if only in the hope of future office.
It Is rumored that for such a purpoao
Gomez has been promised, funds by a>
number of wealthy men. Including a
United States Senator, who Is said to hare
offered $500,000 on certain conditions, to
which Gomez will undoubtedly agree.
HAVANA, June 3.— Maximo Gomes 19
expected to arrive here early to-morrow
and preparations have been made to re
ceive him with all honors. Many believa
that General Gomez has come back to-
Cuba from Santo Domingo to engage la
an active campaign for the future Presi
dency of the Cuban republic. Already his
friends have said he will attempt to con
solidate the Democratic. Republican and
Nationalist parties with a view of bring
ing about a harmonious constitutional
convention In this city In August. Gomez
13 reported as having said he was return-
Ing to Havana to bring about the com
plete and absolute independence of Cuba.
Furthered by Wealthy
Americans.
Island "Warrior's Ambition Said to Ba
GOMEZ SEEKING THE
CUBAN PRESIDENCY
General Buller did at Colenso.
Value of effective scouting. *
Presence of ample cavalry and artillery*
WASHINGTON. June 3.— So Important
are the lessons taught by the Boer war
that Secretary Root has given instructions
that reports of the American army offi
cers who have^Eeen sharply watching the
South African military operations be
published in pamphlet form for the bene
fit of the service. Tactical reports from
t officers who participated In the campaign
against Santiago de Cuba and operations
in the Philippines will also be called .to
the attention of officers of the army-
Captain Stephen L. H. Slocnm. Eighth
Cavalry, who is with the British army,
and Captain Karl Reichman. with the
Boer forces, do not hesitate In their re
ports to criticize the commanders of the
opposing forces. The criticism passed by
Lord Roberts upon Generals Muller.
Methuen and Gatacre are repeated by
Captain Slocum.
Captain Reichman's reports are gener
ally highly flattering to the Boers,
speaking of their splendid mobility and In
general of their defensive tactics, though
citing that their failure to take the of
fensive has frequently lost them valuable
advantage.
Officers of the army who have been
closely following- the war say that while
the lessons taught cannot be regarded as
especially new, the operations have sub
stantiated these Important conclusions:
Avoidance of frontal attacks upon an
enemy's position, especially in close order
formaton.
Necessity of having the latest small
arms and artillery.
Undeslrability of risking artillery, as
LONDON, June 4.— The Newcastle cor
respondent of the Times, telegraphing
May 31, says:
"It Is .possible that the Boers will aban-
GUN ON PONGWANA
WAS A -SURPRISE
CHICAGO. June 3.— Montagu White, the
Transvaal's agent at London, who came
to Chicago to-day In advance of the Boer
envoys, said when asked If . the Boers
w~»uld continue the war to the extent of
waging a guerrilla conflict:
"What else can they do? They can get
no terms from the English. Salisbury. will
not leave them a shred of independence.
Even If the situation is impossible In a
military sense, politics dominates It. and
the mountain warfare Is the only alterna
tive. They can keep up 1 some sort of re
sistance there for a year."
MOUNTAIN WARFARE
THE. ONLY ALTERNATIVE
LONDON. June 4— The Daily Telegraph
has the following from Senekal. dated
May 20:
"General Rundle's action Monday and
yesterday entirely secured the object for
wh'eh it was undertaken. The Boers have
novr, withdrawn from _ind!ey and Colonel
Spriggs has been able to extricate the
Duke of Cambridge's Yeomanry from
their difficulties."
The Daily News has the following from
Senekal dated May 29:
"The scene during the battle was won
derfully picturesque, rolling billows of
smoke, higher than the highest kopje,
obscuring the combatants. The roar of
artillery and the crackle of musketry un
der the light of the flames of the burning
veldt combined to produce a picture of
appalling grandeur, but terrible for those
engaged within its field.
•To-night the surroundings of the Boer
position are blackened and waste. We ex
pect the enemy to vacate the hills before
morning and to retire. Their desperate
efforts during the day were directed to
getting a force to the kopje which General
Rundle threatened last night and to-day
in order to enable Colonel Spriggs to ex
tricate the Duke of Cambridge's Yeo
manry.
"The whole army of Free Staters Is
now between Senekal. Lindley and Ficks
burg. It is reported to be composed
chiefly, of desperate men, who would not
go to the"Transvaarto:fight and* who are
too proud to surrender. Their total num
ber is believed to be from 3000 to 4000."
FIERCE FIGHTING TO
EXTRICATE THE YEOMANRY
don Lalngs Nek without fighting. There
are reports of demoralization. The pres
ence of a six-inch gun on Pongwana was
a surprise. We thought when Lord Rob
erts' advance threatened the railway that
all the guns In position were withdrawn."
Lloyd led in the face of a deadly fire. He
was shot, but struggled on, only to be
disabled by another bullet. Lieutenant
Murray in falling cried, "Forward Grena
diers:"
The blinding smoke of the veldt ham
pered the operations.
Lieutenant Seymour, on oTfering to go
back to direct the artillery, was wounded.
T*ie order to retire was piven and exe
cuted under a screen of smoke. The Boer
fire was kept up until dusk.
According to a dispatch to the Daily
Telegraph from Newcastle, dated Satur
day, the Boers exhibit no signs of leaving j
Laings Nek.
Newspaper commentators here generally
regard the situation at Pretoria as enig
j matical. They rather expect news of the
British occupation to-day. An odd conse
quence of the impending extinction of the
Transvaal is that its coinage is at an enor
mous premium In -Cape Town, pennies
bringing ten shilling*.
In the Indian mail landed at Dover on
Saturday was a bag of dispatches from
Pretoria, including some from the Trans
vaal Government to its agents abroad.
The destination of the bag waa Naples. |
but it was landed at Aden by a German I
steamer through mistake and was shipped !
with the Indian mall to Brindjsl, where
it was taken up by the British authori
ties.
BERLIN. Jane 3.— Dr. Reltz. the
Transvaal State Secretary, says in the !
Cologne Gazette that England will re
quire a permanent garrison of 50,000 sol
diers In the Transvaal, and that the re
bellion may be expected to continue for
centuries. He believes that many Boers
will trek to German South Africa.
ROBERTS REPORTS THAT
YEOMANRY WERE ATTACKED
LONDON. June 3.— Lord Lansdowne.
Secretary of State for War. has received
the following from Lord Roberts, dated
Orange Grove. June 2.
"Johannesburg is quiet. The people are
surrendering arms and ponies. Only three
Boer sruns were left in the fort. The
Queenslanders captured May 30 a Creusoc.
with eleven wasrons of stores and ammu
nition.
Commandant Botha of Zoutpansberg,
his field cornet and 100 prisoners were
taken in the fighting arour.d Johannes
burg, some belonging to the foreign or
tingents and the Irish brigade. The
Thirteenth Yeomanry was attacked May
25 between Kroonstad and Lindley. There
are some casultie?."
The War Office also received the follow
ing additional advices from Lord Roberts,
dated Orange Grove. June 2:
"Owing to t. - interruption of the tele
graph lines I only to-day received a re
port from Colonel Sprigg that his battal
ion of Imperial Yeomanry was attacked
between Kroonstad and Llndley on May
29. Casualties to follow.
"The shops in Johannesburg are being
opened and th«*re seems to be a general
feeling of relief at the peaceful occupa
tion of the tov/n.
"The proclamation announcing the an
nexation of the Oranpe Free State v as
made at Bloemfontein May 2S by General
Prettyman. Military Governor. The troops
under General Kelly-Kenny formed a
square, the royal standard was hoisted,
the* trocps saluted. - royal salute was
fired and the Queen was cheered. The
name of 'Orange River t.olony' was well
received. I received a report yesterday
that four prisoners had escaped from
Pretoria."
LONDON. June 4. 4 a. m.— There Is no
direct news from Pretoria of a later
dare than Thursday evening. General
French's cavalry were then at Irene.
eisht miles south of Pretoria, and
f.ricg was heard there. Lord Roberts'
message about secondary operations else
whrr e and the situation at Johannesburg,
dated at Orange Grcve, a farm four miles
norr heart of Johannesburg, showed that
or. Saturday, at £:10 p. m., he was twenty
f.ve miles from Pretoria.
The correspondents with Lord Roberts
have not rot though a line about the
operations after the occupation of Johan
nesburg. Official messages continue to
cotne through, but press telegrams are
h^id 'jr\ probably to avoid their giving
even s. hint as to what may be the pend
ing rrK-ratior-p. F"roni the other side there
filters through Lorenzo Marques a mass
Of statements seme contradictory, others J
•l>v:r,uF!y improbable, but all purporting |
to be facts. ¦ ----- j
Preparing to Surrender.
P.->?«er.cers arriving at Lourenzo Mar
qy* Saturday direct from Pretoria say
that the capital was preparing to surren
der when they left Thursday. The forts j
¦were dismantled. The Boers' g-uard at |
Kcrnatipoort searched all trains and
torced back rnoVt of the fugitives, among
them deserting foreigners who were
Etrivins- to reach neutral soil.
Immense Eoer convoys of provisions are
between Pretoria and Middleburg. Fif
teen trains are sent dally to Machauas
coran with supplies for Lydenburg. Pre
toria 1? pict'-ired by the refugees as in a
Ftate of indescribable confusion and chaos.
The populace are di: ved and the Brit
ish are expected hourly.
Heports of a British Beverse.
Seme foreign attaches have arrived at
Lourc-Ezo Marques to communicate with
their governments for orders to leave, as
they consider that organized war on the
Transvaal side is at an end. Flying
cnioni? the Boers Is a report that the
British have been beaten back at Lindley
with heavy less: that the main attack on
Elandsfontein failed and Lo;d Roberts
was forced to retire to Klippriverburg;
that the railway hes been cut behind him
south of Vereerilcing-. and that a provision
train has been captured.
Without crediting any of the Boer bul
letins, everything from the field of war
behind Lord Roberts points to a Treat
effort last week to paralyze his advance
by a bold stroke from the eastward at
the railway r.oith of Eloemfontein. Four
Boer columns were Ivt a movement seem
lr.grly with this objective. There was a
commando In front of General Brabant.
r.ear Frickfburg. another faced General
Bonfito near Senekal, a third occupied
Llnfiley and pressed toward the railway.
a.nd a fourth seized Hellbron and pushed
toward ICroonstad. '.These operations, as-
Furoir.g them to have been independent,
til appear to have failed. s
Boers Are Not Yet Crushed.
A revival of the Boer fighting: power
east cf Lord Roberts' advance, although
fruitless. Is a symptom that the Boers are
rot yet crushed. In General Bundle's at
tack on the Intienched Boers seven miles
cast of Senekal on M>* 29 the British did
not see a Boer all day. so completely were
they screened. The British infantry did
rot get within a thousand yards of thtir
riflemen.
The 1^2 losses wired by Lord Roberts
trere suffered by the Grenadiers and Scots
Guards while advancing over a level from
x\hich the grass had been burned. The
British troops, in khaki, were' a conspicu
cus target againrt the black background.
Genera! Rundle withdrew his whole
force %t sundown to Senekal. having suc
ceeded in drawing the Boers from Lind
l*y, &Uow!ng the thre*tened force to set
fcway Bafely. The Boers t-er.t to the Brit
ish for medical help, saying that Com
mandant de VilHers was seriously wound
ed. General Rundle sent a doctor, with a
bottle cf champagne and his compliments,
es well as a message that he would re
lease al! the Boer prisoners at SenekaL
2urghers Ara Deserting.
The Lour'r.zo Marques correspondent of
the Times, letegntphlng June 2. says:
"An Austrian who has seen sc\en
months' service in the Transvaal declared
that a large proportion of the burghers
are earning to their homes. The ar
rangement whereby the Kritish prisoners
fet Pretoria have ber n placed under an i
erm-d RU3 rd with British officers pending
I l°iT* aI ""^pation of the town is j
esented Xv the seed ar.d human
tisp^-tion cf General Lculs Botha and
lHr™T SVaal S€wtar y «* U'ar. both of
Z l J i S *° te r c>tfn * *" not* that Lord Rob
erts "o!d:er y nual'tles are admired great,
v ? h f5Jf le r aftack urKJn Ire *»e w« In- i
tended to cover the wltWnval from Pre- !
tcria of all the supplies. prccurahie The •
last consignment v.as S00 wagonloads."
Grenadiers in a Dsadiy Tire.
I* the advance of the Grenadiers Colonel
Hi 1 RETORIA, May SO (via Lorenzo Marques. June 3.)— The rapid advance of
the British toward Johannesburg was checked yesterday, when fierce fight
ing, which lasted all day, took place at Elandsfonteln. The Bokburg and
Ji^ Johannesburg commandos performed many deeds of valor. They were
under Commandant Ben Viljoen and Commandant Derksen. The East Rand
Boer artillery cUd fearful execution among the British. A "Long Tom." which
¦Bras counted on a railway truck, was maneuvered with extraordinary rapidity
Elong the railway. The gun threw shrapnel six miles and demoralized the
British. The British casualties exceeded those of any previous battle of the war.
It is reported that Steyn and Christian DeWet have arrived at Kroonstad.
A force of Orange Free State Boers are east of Bloomfonteln threatening the
lines cf communication of the British. The troops approaching Johannesburg
trcra. west of the Rand were repulsed to-day. They retired to Zurbekom. two and
a half hours from Johannesburg, to await the arrival of the British from other
directions.
One cf the highest authorities of the republic, before leaving for Lydenburg.
Wld the next two days would decide the fate of the TransvaaL In that time
either It would be completely defeated and have lost Its independence or the
British would have sustained one of the greatest disasters that has ever befal
* lea them. Humanity was about to be staggered In a wholesale manner.
Considerable alarm was caused here by the report that Makapan and other
in Waterburg district had become Involved in tribal fights. The reports
jff« founfiationless.
PRETORIA, May SI (via Lorenzo Marques, June 3.)— General Louis Botha ar
rived at midnight and eaid he had been In the saddle three days and three
nights. There was fearful fighting on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday east of
Orange Grove, three miles from Johannesburg. Botha declared that if, in the
real nshtir.g, the Boers had numbered only half as many as the invading force
the British would never have been able to get near Johannesburg, . but that
panic end despondency were ruling the burghers. The commissariat was dis
organized, and this increased the difficulty of his work enormously. Otherwise he
¦was Etill hopeful.
Highest Authorities of the Republic Again
Declare That Humanity Is About to Be
Staggered by a Great Disaster to the
Invaders.
British Casualties in Fighting
Near Johannesburg Asserted
to Be Greater Than in Any
Previous Battle of the War.
BOERS CLAIM TO HAVE
INFLICTED HEAVY LOSS
STAGE ROBBER SUCCESSFULLY
EVADES PURSUING POSSES
Thousands Perish Daily, and the Reports
That Vultures, Dogs and Jackals Are
Devouring the Dead Are Fully Verified
by Investigation.
BOMBAY. June ".— : j Klopseh of New York, publisher of the Christian
Herald, who has arrived here after making a tour of the famine stricken
districts, makes the following statement:
"Everywhere I met the most shocking and revolting scenes. The famlna
camps have been swept by cholera and smallpox. Fugitives, scattering
in all directions and stricken In Right, were found dying in the fields and roadside
ditches. The numbers at one relief station were increasing at the rate of 13.000
per day.
"At Godhera there were 3000 deaths from cholera within four days, and at
Dohad 2600 in the same period. The hospital death rate at Godhera and Dohad
was 90 per cent- Air and water were Impregnated with an Intolerable stench of
corpses.
"At Ahmedabad the death rate In the hospital was 10 per cent. Every day
I saw new patients placed face to face with corpses. In every fourth cot there
was a corpse. The thermometer registered 115 in the shade. Millions of files
hovered around the patients.
"I visited the smallpox and cholera wards at Virasram. All the patients
were lying ton the ground, there being no cots. Otherwise, their condition was
fair.
"I can fully verify the reports that vultures, dogs and jackals are devour
ing the dead. Dogs have been Been running about with children's limbs la their
jaws.
"The government Is doing Its best, but the native officials are hopelesslv and
heartlessly Inefficient. Between the famine, the plajrae and the cholera, the condi
tion of the Bombay : residency is now worse than it was at any previous
period In the nineteenth century. Whole families r -. ve been blotted out. The
spirit of the people 13 broken and there may be something still won:-! to come
when the monsoon breaks."
NEW YORK. June.4.— Rev. Edward S. Hume, a missionary of the American
Board, who has seen tweniy-flve years of service in Bombay, arrived last week
direct from India. In speaking before the executive committee of the commit
tee of one hundred on the India famine relief. Mr. Hume said:
"I have read the accounts of the famine published in the American papers:
I have sten the pictures; I have seen the conditions In the famine districts and I
can assure you that the actual state of affairs is much more terrible than
printed or pictured. And the worst of It is that even If the June rains are entire
ly favorable-.no relief can be expected until the crop is gathered In October."
Story of Revolting Scenes Told
.by Louis Klopseh After a Visit
to the Stricken Districts of
FAMINE CAMPS SWEPT BY
CHOLERA AND SMALLPOX
VOLUME LXXXYIH-XO. 4.
SAN FRAXCISCO, MONDAY, {JUNE : r 4? V 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call
CRITICIZE COMMANDERS
OF OPPOSING FORCESBoon to Sugar- Workers.
.NEW YORK/ June 3.— As a result of the
agreement between the various sugar in
terests/between: 500 and 600 sugar work
ers will be taken back to work to-morrow
in the big . Mol Jehauer refinery In I Brook
lyn, which ,wlll be run at its full capacity.
The Doscher refinery,' on Long Island, will
continue running and with an Increased
force.-;- ¦; ¦¦ .¦¦.¦--.-,¦.,-- - - - • - -
Friends of the Forest.
America and Mizpah lodges of the
Friends of the Forest have arranged for
a picnic to be given In this city at the
Gerxnanla Gardens on the 23th of July.
EARL OF RADNOR DEAD.
Eleven Years Ago.
LONDON, June 3.— The Earl of Radnor
is dead.
Succeeded to the Title and Estate
The Right Honorable William Pleydell-
Bauverle. Earl of Radnor, was born on
June 19, 1841. and succeeded his father,
the fourth Earl, In*lSS9. His mother was
the daughter of the first Earl of Veru
lam. He was educated at Harrow and
Cambridge. He represented South Wilts
in the House of Commons from 1S74 to
1885. and Knneld from 1885 toMSS9. He
was Treasurer of the Household from
1885 to 18S9. He married, in 1S66, Helen,
daughter of the Rev. Henry Chaplin, and
leaves a son, Jacob, Viscount Falkestone.
and one daughter. Wllma, wife of Major
Lord Skelmusdale of the Royal Horse
Guards.
TO REMOVE VAN WYCK.
Governor Roosevelt Will Confer With
Attorney General Davies.
NEW YORK, June 3.— Governor Roose
velt announced to-day that he would con
fer to-morrow with Attorney-General Da
vies concerning the citizens' petitions
praying for the removal of Mayor Vaji
Wyck from ofllce because of his holding
s too* in 'the American Ice Company, of
which the city is the largest patron. . In
case of the removal of Mayor Van Wyck.
Randolph Gugsenhelmer, president of the
Municipal Council, would become Mayor.
Soldiers Attacked.
CHALONS SUR SAONE. France, Junfel
3.— The strike here reached a critical stage
last night, and to-day the city is sur
rounded with soldiers. The trouble began
during the' afternoon, and at night the
street lamps were extinguished, and
missiles of all sorts were thrown at the
cavalry and gendarmes, who fired, kill
ing one of the rioters and wounding twen
ty, some, of them seriously. .Fifteen
gendarmes and two> cavalrymen were In
jured. The trouble is not yet ended.
Will Build .New Lines.
PHOENIX, Ariz., June 3.— W. A.-,Drakc,
chief engineer of the Santa Fe, Prescott
and Phoenix road, and J. H. Emmert,
assistant to President Murphy, . left , Con
gress Junction yesterday for a reconnois
sance of the route for the railroad be
tween" Congress and the Hillside mine.
Mr. Murphy's policy, contemplates the
construction of branches into several
other promising mineral sections. -.»-;.
Italian Elections.
ROME. June 3.— The Parliamentary elec
tions passed off quietly-, to-day. . Bettollq,
Minister of Marine; Salandra of 'Agricul
ture, Daccelli, ' Public '^Instruction; B6
selli. Treasury/ and La' Cava, - Minister of
Public Works, have been re-elected, as
also has Signor Crispl.-
Fire in ILos Angeles.
LOS, ANGELES, June 3.-Flre to-night
totally" destroyed the residence • of Frank
A. .Watens, at Temple and London streets.
The loss is estimated at $10,000. The fam
ily was away at the time, and the origin
of the lire is unknown.
Bidpath Not :' Out : of ; Danger.
NEWYORKrJune' 3.— John Clark ;RId
path, the historian, is progressing favor
ably, but is. not out of danger.
Dr. McCracken's Address to TTniver-
FAVORS CREED REVISION.
sity Graduates.
NHV>' YORK. June 3.— In his bacca
laureate sermon before the members of
the graduating class of the New York
University to-day Chancellor MeCracken
commented upon the movements for re
vision of the Presbyterian creed.
"Compulsory itinerancy," said he, "has
been adjudged no longer the strong and
desirable pillar of truth. She quietly put
It aside. Presbyterianlsm in like manner
has this same year shown new vitality in
refusinp to consider her ancient creed
that attempts to establish a definite
chronology of the workings of the divine
intellect, while it forgets almost entirely
to mention the divine heart. Such a creed
is not the best possible pillar or support
of religious truth.
"The church to-day is resolved to build
a new piliar and support that shall stand
Fide by Fide with the old. To build a new
pillar is both easier and better than to try
to piece out the old — than "to put new cloth
into an old garment."
Certificates Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WILLOWS. June 3.— The Board of Ed
ucation of Glenn County has issued cer
tificates to the following persons: On ex
amination, grammar grade, A. W. Cleek;
primary grade— Eva Drew, Katie Keller,
Mary Masterson and Marlon Davles.
The following renewals were made:
HlRh School— L. M. R*ager and C. H.
Camper. Grammar Krade — Eva Brooks,
A. Butler and S. M. Chaney; primary
grade— Florence O. Murdock, Pearl Bra
zloton and Lulu Burke. G. W. Wright
was recommended to receive a life di
ploma of the. High School grade, and Mrs.
Anne E. Doyle a life diploma of -the
grammar grade; and S. M. Chaney and
Mary E. Shaw were recommended for
educational diplomas of the grammar
prade. Diplomas of graduation from the
prammar schools were also granted to
Apnes Rehse, Frank Potter a*d Minnie.
Rehse. - f
Dewey's Western Trip.
WASHINGTON, June 3.— .Arrangements
have been completed for Admiral Dewey's
Ohio and Michigan trip. He will use a
Baltimore and Ohio special train and the
party, which will consist of -Admiral jind
Mrs. Dewey. Lieutenant H:-:H. Caldwell
and J. II. Maddy of the Baltimore and
Ohio, will leave Washington at '9 o'clock
Tuesday night for Columbus, which city
will be readied june 6. He will arrive in
Detroit on June 8 and Grand Rapids on
June 31, returning to Washington on the
I3th.
Celebrated Whitsunday.
MISSION SAN JOSE. June 3.—Whit
sunday, commonly known as the Feast of
the Holy Ghost, was celebrated here-to
day with great pomp. It is Estimated
that 3000 people from surrounding towns
were present. The fireworks last even-
Ing were the best that have been ' seen
here for many yars. The services in; the
church this morning were very impres
sive, and were attended by a large num
ber of people.
Fought With Cowboys.
VAN HORN Texas, June 3.— In a fight
between cowboys" and Mexican cattle
thieves on the Rio Grande, thirty miles
pouth of here, two Mexicans were killed
and Decatur Graves, a cowboy, was mor
tally wounded. . .
Aid-de-Camp to the Queen.
ST. JOHNS. >:. F.. June 3.— Sir Henry
MacCullom. Governor of Newfoundland,
has been promoted to, the rank of colonel
in the Royal Engineer* and appointed aid
de-camp to Queen Vlctoria-
Survivors of the First National Con
vention of the Party Invited to
Attend as Distinguished
Guests.
WASHINGTON. June 3.— The sugges
tion adopted by the committee in charge
of the Republican National Convention
that the survivors of the first national
gathering of Republicans, held at Pitts
burg on February 22, 1856, and later at the
convention held in Philadelphia on June
IS of the same year, be especially honored
with Invitations to this year's- convention
came from William Paul Wpyand of Pitts
burg. The idea met the approval of Sen
ator Hanna, who has sent the following to
each of the surviving delegates:
The Republican National Committee presents
Its comnliments and congratulations to you as
one of the few Republicans now living who
participated In the Republican Convention of
lJw»> at Pittsburgr and Philadelphia, and on be
lialf of the delegates to the coming Republican
National Convention- extends to *you and. your
surviving HPKoolatfs In those historic conven
tions a cordial Invitatlrtn to be present at and
occupy a seat upon the platform of the con
vention which meets on the 19th day of June,
19C0. in the city of Philadelphia.
Nearly half a century has elapsed since you
participated In laying the foundation of the
Republican party; you have witnessed its mag
nificent growth, from a popular vote of 1.;'.41.
264 and 111 electoral votes cast for Kr«>mont in
1806. to a popular vote of 7,014,779 and 271 electo
ral votes for McKinley In 1S38, and therefore the
Republicans of to-day, profoundly appreciating
the work of yourself and other pioneers of our
partv, will feel honored by your distinguished
presence, &nd we assure you a most cordial wel
come.
With considerations of high esteem, very truly
yours, M. A. HANNA, Chairman.
CHARLES DICK, Secretary.
So far as known there are only fourteen
survivors. Twenty-seven States and Ter
ritories were represented at the mass con
vention and at the national convention
June 18. 1S56, held In Philadelphia. 'Old
Lafayette Hall. In Pittsburg, wh^re the
iriiiss convention was formed, la now de
molished. Horace Greeley made one of
hlB famous speeches urging moderation
and that a convention be .held later to
nominate candidates for President and
Vice President. , His advice, was followed,
and the first Republican convention, met
in Philadelphia on June 18, 1858. This
year's Republican convention will bo held
In the same city just forty-four years
later. . ¦ \\ -¦-- ¦.-.-j- 1
FREE SILVER PLEA.
Probable Platform of the Indiana
. Democrats.; '.¦'¦¦ :
INDIANAPOLIS, June 3.— The principal
topic of discussion among delegates to the
Democratic State Convention is the plat
form. U. S. Jackson, chairman of the
Sixth District Convention, will present a
platform adopted in hls^istrlct and which
he says represents the sentiments of a ma
jority of the Democrats In Indiana; This
platform affirms belief in the principles
of the Chicago platform of 1896, and con
tinues: ..'.¦.
We believe that of the numerous trusts that
have come Into existence, under the 'protecting
guidance of Mark Hanna, as, the power behind
the throne of the McKinley ¦ administration,
none is eo daniterous . and far-reaching:- In • Its
ruinous tendency as ¦ the money trust, which
results from the 'single gold; standard and the
power ww. '"-'"-« of. tie Government dele-
Will Be Honored at the
Coming Council at
Philadelphia.
RECOGNITION
FOR PIONEER
REPUBLICANS
PORTLAND, June 3. — The campaign in
Oregon closed last night 'and the party
managers have been busy to-day in per
fecting 1 arrangements for the election
which occurs to-morrow. There will be
elected oneJustlce of the Supreme Court,
a State Dairy and Food Commissioner,
two Congressmen, members of the Legis
lature, who 1 will choqpe a successor *.o
George W. McBride in the United State-*
Senate, and various district and county
officers. No unusual interest has been de
veloped In the campaign. There are three
tickets in the field, the Republican, the
fusionlst (composed of Democrats, Popu
lists and I<'ree Silver Republicans) and
the Prohibition. The Republicans have
made expansion a leading issue and have
put forth the claim that the country is
enjoying unusual prosperity owing to the
enactment of a law by Congress fixing
gold. as the standard of value. The Chi
cago platform of 1806, anti-imperialism
and the course of the national administra
tion on the Porto Rlcan question have
served as a basis of fusion argument.
' Chairman- R.-S. Sheridan of the Demo
cratic State Committee-has given out the
followingr \".t- - '- ¦ ¦ -
"It is hard to tell what the result will
.he. We are not .making any claims as
to the majorities we think our candidates
will receive. The issues have been placed
before the people and we will be satisfied
with their verdict, whatever it may be.
We have full faith and confidence in tr-<<
intelligence of the voters of this State and
believe their verdict will be rendered in
our favor on Monday. We think the ma
jority of people in Oregon are opposed to
the legislative course of the present ad
ministration^ and will' not indorse its
course on"= the Port* Rlcan question, th*
.trusts and the tendency toward Imperial
ism. We think the majority of the people
of this State believe that . Congressmen
Tongue and Moody cannot be re-elected
on the stand taken by them on the Porto
Rlcan question, and we confidently be
lieve that Daly and Smith, fusion candi
dates, will be elected to Congress from
this State." : .
Chatrman George A. Steel of the Repub
lican State Committee said to-day: "Ad
vices from county chairmen and members
of the State commltte'e throughout the
State give assurance of the of
Judge Wolverton as Justice of .the Su
preme Court;by a big majority and of J.
W. Bailey as Dairy and : Food Commis
sioner by almost as large a vote. Con
gressmen -Tongue and Moody "will be elect
ed by-about as big a? majority as two
yeara-ago. Conceding that the opposition
carries every doubtful district we shall
have a majority in the Legislature."
¦ •¦; Among the .amendments to the const!
tutlon to-be voted : on ; to-morrow is ono
granting the right of suffrage to women.
Democrats, Populists and Silver Re
publicans Have Combined and
Claim Several Dis-
Party Leaders Expect Big
Majorities in the State
v of Oregon.
REPUBLICANS
ARE CONFIDENT
OF VICTORY
SCORES A SUCCESS.
"Mistress Nell" Produced at the
Taber Grand in Denver.
DENVER, June 3.— Henrietta Crossman
produced her new play, "Mistress Nell,"
which Is the story of- Nell Qwyn, at the
Taber Grand to-night and scored one of
the biggest hits ever seen in Denver. The
play possesses great literary merit and
was well rendered. In the third act Miss
Crossman masquerades as a man and
fights a duel with King Charles, and the
end of this act Is very strong. It is un
derstood "Mistress Nell" will be seen in
New York In September. William Court
lelgh created the role of the Merry Mon
arch, the principal male character.
Ignored the Police.
NEWMARKET. Ireland, June 3.— Two
hundred police were sent here last evening
to suppress a, prohibited Irish League
meeting called for to-day. While the po
lice were asleep this morning James
Christopher Flynn and E. Crean. mem
bers of Parliament, slipped in unobserved,
addressed a meeting of 200 In the town
square and burned the proclamation pro
hibiting the meeting.
Goes to Care for Lepers.
WASHINGTON, June 3. — Rev. Father
Louis Lambert Conrady, the missionary
Roman Catholic priest who is going to
China to devote his life to the care of the
lepers, is in Washington to confer with
M^r. Martinelll. Father Conrady and a
Cantonese Chinaman from Portland. Or.,
who Is to join him in his work, will sail
for Rome next Wednesday.
Struck by a Train.
SACRAMENTO. June. 3.— An elderly
man named William Ordlng, on whose
person was found letters from relatives In
Walstedt. Germany, Is at the Coupty Hos
pital with a fractured skull. Early this
morning he was struck by a train In Yolo
County. He may recover.
McKinley Sends Congratulations.
BRUSSELS. June 3.— President McKin
lev has cabled congratulations to Prince
Albert of Belgium on his engagement to
the daughter of the Duke of Bavaria. • J . f
LONDON. June 3. — It is announced this
evening that Mrs. Gladstone is in a semi
conscious condition, and that her strength
is declining steadily.
Mrs. Gladstone Failing.
Extradition of Neel;
NEW YORK. June 3.— Governor Roose
velt has signed the Neely extradition pa
pers, and they were forwarded to Wash
ington to-night.
Bated to the national banks by the recent finan
cial measure passed by the Republican Con
gress anil signed by President McKinley. That
we are opposed to this and all kindred meas
ures and believe the Government should issue
and i-ontrol all money and that the same,
whether (fold, silver or paper, should be a full
legal tender for the payment ot, all debts, both
public and private.
B. F. Shively of South Bend will* be
urged by Indiana for Vice President if
not nominated for Governor, f
Idaho's Silver Republicans.
BOISE, Idaho, June 3.— Ex-Senator Du
bois. Congressman Wilson. Lieutenant-
Governor Hutchinson and Hon. Lyttleton
Price have been selected as delegates-at
large from the State of Idaho to the
Silver Republican National Convention,
to be held at Kansas City on July 4.
There are twenty-nine other delegates
from the State, all appointed by the chair
man of the State Committee. , .
STOCKTON, June 3.— Turners throughout the State are interested in the big district meeting, -which takes place at Good
water Grove a week from to-day. Elaborate preparations are being made by the local Turners for the entertainment of
their brethren, who are expected from all over the State. The programme of athletics will be one of those excellent
ones peculiar to Turnfest. Social features will not be overlooked.
Saturday night the city will welcome the visitors. The. courthouse will be lighted up and there will be fireworks and
a band concert on the plaza. There will also be a big reception at the hall for the Turners. Sunday morning the ath
letic games at the grove will begin, and Will consist of contests on the horizontal bars, on the parallel bars and on the vault
ing horse. In the afternoon there will be field games, high and broad jumping, a hop-skip-and-jump contest, putting the
sixteen-pound shot, pole vaulting, climbing the rope, the 100-yard dash, the 100-pound weight lifting, wrestling and fencing.
Following the athletic contests there will be a grand singing event, in which all the singing societies of the State will com
pete for the prize. There will then bean exhibition wand drill by the San Francisco TurnVerein and a grand pyramid exhibition
by the San Francisco Elntracht turn section. Twenty-four young ladies will preside as queens of the Turnfeat. They will
follow the ancient and pretty custom of awarding a laurel wreath and kiss to the victors in the contests. When the athletes
step forth to compete each will salute the maidens, who will be occupying positions on the judges' stand. As soon as an event
has been decided the victor will be led in front of the judges, who will then award him the prize. Immediately thereafter one
of the twenty-four pretty girls will step forward -with a wreath of laurel with which she will crown her knight. The ath
letic exercises will continue from 8.30 in the morning until 7 o'clock at night.
In the afternoon there will be dancing in the pavilion at the grove, and In the evening there will be a grand ball there. One
of the. features of the fest will be the singing in the evening at the grove of the Turners' song, "On the Altar of Truth." The
song will be rendered by all the Turner singing societies in choru.s. It Is definitely known that a large number of the Turner
societies of the State are coming to Stockton. ' ¦ ¦ -
The following have' already written that they will be here: San Francisco Turn Verein, Mission Turn Vereln. San Fran
cisco Eintracht turn section, Vorwaerts Turn Vereln. Sacramento, San Jose, Marysville and Napa. San Francisco and Oak
land have chartered special cars and will be. here Saturday night. A committee of the wives and daughters of Turners has
been appointed to assist jn receiving the visitors on their arrival. They will be taken at once to'Turner Hall, where they will
have a" chance. to rest and refresh themselves with a light. repast, which a Turner knows so well how to dispose of.r-. < ,.:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Stockton Turners Who Have Charge of Arrangements for the Turnfest Next Sunday.
Explosion Shatters Cable Conduit and
Switches at an Intersection
on the Olive-Street
Railway.
ST. LOUIS, June 3.— A riot of small pro
portions, during which a boy was fatally
shot and a dynamite explosion occurred,
marred what otherwise would have been
an uneventful Sabbath. As a car on the
Tower Grove line was passing the corner
of Twelfth and Calhcun streets, a crowd
of strike sympathizers threw rocks at it.
An unknown man in the car fired a revol
ver into the crowd. The bullet struck Pe
ter Frank, a sixteen-year-old boy, who
was sitting in the doorway of his father's
house. A detachment of police dispersed
the rioters., The boy will die.
At a late hour this afternoon an explo
sion of dynamite shattered the cable con
duit and switches in the- Olive-street line
at the intersection of Maryland and Boyle
avenues. No one was injured, but traffic
on that end of the line had to be suspend
ed. There is no clew to the perpetrators.
More than the usual quota of police was
furnished to-day for the protection of pas
sengers and crews, and as a result the
number of cars on the various line* of the
Transit Company was materially in
creased. Cars were operated on sixteen
lines.
This morning the nucleus of the first
regiment of special deputies forming Sher
iff Pohlmann's posse comitatus, consist
ing of ten companies of sixty men each,
armed with shotguns, were assigned to j
service In preserving order. Their duties
consisted of patrolling the streets and do
ing guard duty at the various power
houses and car sheds.
The work of subpenalng citizens con
tinued uninterruptedly to-day. Sheriff
Pohlmann had intended to lS9ue subpe
nas for the members of the First Regi
ment, National Guard of Missouri, as in
dividuals, not as an organization, but the
Officials changed their minds, and to-day
it was announced that the soldier boys j
would not be sworn in.
Defenseless Women Attacked.
Street car strike sympathizers this even
ing vented their wrath upon two defence
less young women, tearing their clothes
and otherwise maltreating them because
they had ridden on street cars. Christine
Thlere, 18 years of age, a servant, was al
tacked by a crowd of 2000 men and boys
when she alighted from a Geyer-avenuo
car at 5 p. m. A young man called her a
"scab," and others Joined in the chorus.
Another young man tore off her Jacket
and another her hat. She was struck
by the fists of men and bruised about the
face and body. A pocketbook was
snatched from her hands and the money
taken. Piece by piece her clothing was
torn away while she appealed for entrance
at the nearest house. The occupants,
however, were afraid the mob would tear
down the building and refused her ad
mission. She succeeded in reaching nn
alley and ran down it, followed by the
hooting men. There was a little window
leading into a cellar. She broke the
glass and jumped In and cowered In a
corner in the darkness. Finally her per
secutors went away. Then she called for
help and received it, finally being taken
home.
At 1916 South Twelfth street Stella Brod
erlck got off a car, only to be assailed and
hooted at by a mob. Her jacket was torn
from her by men. She ran down an alley
and into . the home of Mrs. Folk. The
mob surrounded the house and began
throwing stones through the windows.
Mrs. Folk got a revolver and opened fire
on the mob from. her front window and
the men scattered.
Boy Fatally Shot During a
Strike Riot at St.
Louis.
BULLETS AND
DYNAMITE ON
THE SABBATH
WASHINGTON, jun.3 3.-The record of
the lirst session of the 1'ifty-sixth Con-
Sress Is now practically closed and It is
possible to survey the important work it
has accomplished durir.s the last six
months. It has been a busy Congress—
the busiest, according to veteran otllclaJs,
in many years. In some respects the work
has been less exciting than that of the
preceding Congress, which covered the
dramatic period T\hen war was declared
against Spain, and also the period ot re
construction and treaty-ma-klng with
Spain, following the successful close of
the war. Hut in work actually accom
plished, and started toward accomplish
ment, the record of the present session
stands well In comparison with the most
energetic Congress.
Our new territorial pcsses.sions have re
ceived much attention, and, while there
has been no detinite action as ta the Phil
ippines or Cuba, a foim of government
and a means of raising revenue have been
provided fur Potto Rico and a compre
hensive territoriaJ form ci government
has been given to Hawaii. The financial
act has made Important changed In the
laws relating to me parity of metals, the
bonded indebtedness, national banks and
the security of the Treasury by a gold re
serve. The Nicaragua;: canal bill has
passed the House and is on the calendar
of the Senate, ready for action when Con
gress reconvene*. "The anti-trust bill 13
.sNjilarly advanced. The anti-trust con
stitutional amendment has a defeat re
corded against it. The Pacific cable meas
ure has passed the Senate and is awaiting
linal action in the J louse.
Some Exciting Incidents.
The exclusion of Brigham H. Roberts
from a seat fn the House because of his
polygamous sentiments, the refusal of the
Senate to admit Mr. Quay on the appoint
irent of the Governor of .Pennsylvania.
and the sentationai charges, investigation
and developments in the Senate In the
case of Mr. Clark of Montana, have added
some exciting phases to the Senate.' In
vestigations nave been prolific, including
the Inquiry Into the Coeur d'Alene mining
riots In Idaho, the vaiious inquiries on
polygamy growing out of the Roberts
case, and, more recently, the Senate in
vestigation of the poiial and other irreg
ularities in Cuba.
The total of appropriations cannot vet
1-e stated with exactness, as rive bills are
pending, but it is- approximately rr<.K),uO'J 1 < J < >.)
lor the session.
The Senate in executive session has b»en
occupied to a considerable extent with im
portant treaties. Of the.se the treaties
with Great Britain and Germany closing
the tripartite government in Samoa and
awarding to th< United States the island
of Tutuila with its valuable harbor of
Pago Pago has been ratiried. while the
commercial leciprocity treaties with
France and the .British West Indian isl
ands and the Hay-Pauncefote treaty con
cerning the ir.uroceanic canal go over
without action.
Financial Legislation. —
Of the legislation actually accomplished
end now on the statute books the financial
a«t is regarded as the chief achievement
of the year. The noteworthy feature of
the d< bate on this measure in the House
»is thai party lines were broken to some
extent, ii number of Democratic members
Irom the Kastern and New England States
joining with the majority in passing it.
In the Senate also party lines were not
entirely regarded. Senators Lindsey and
Offery voting for the measure and
Chandler against It. As it became a law
by the 1'resldetit'n signature on March 14,
It makes specific the declaration of the
gold standard, ;rovides a treasury reserve
of $O>j0.<i0<j. establishes a division of is
pue and redemption of the treasury, pro
vides for the redemption and reissue of
Interest bearing bonds of the United
States and makes new regulations as to
the national banks, their circulation es
timate in small communities and the tax
they pay. The act also contains a specific
declaration that its' provisions "are not
intended to preclude the accomplishment
of International bimetallism."
Porto Rico legislation has been the most
fruitful theme of controversy in and out
of Congress during the session. The dis
cussion first turned on the revenue bill
levying a duty of 15 per cent of the L)ing
ley" rates on Porto Rican goods. The ma
jority of the Ways and Means Committee
•urged the constitutionality and necessity
of this course, while the minority, rein
forced by MoCall of Massachusetts, a
member of the majority, maintained that
the constitution of the United States ex
tended to Porto Rico and that Congress
was inaugurating 1 a new and dangerous
precedent by giving the island any other
law than that of the rest of the country.
Strife "Within Parties.
Excitement ran high und'-r the 'spur of
tiidcipread public attention. The delate
In the House was signalized by the <!i\i
sion of the majority, which for a time
made the lesult doubtful, but the bill ulti
mately passed. The contest at times
animated but Jess acute, the Senate cha.v?-
Inj? the entire scepe of the measure ty
adding a complete form of civil govern
ment. Jn this form, raising revenue and
*»*ta!.lishing an island government, the
measure became a law. Subsequently It
was amended so as to limit corporate
franchises, and on the President's recom
gendatlon an act was passed appointing
r the use of Porto Hlco the g2jp9M5a col
lected from island sources since its acqui.
S XCc'it in importance in the accomplished
trork of the session is the act "to provide
a roverr.ment for lh.> Territory of Ha
waii " The debate? on It in the Senate
and House aroused little division, save on
matters of detail. The act provides a sys
tem of government much like that of the
Territories with a Governor appointed by
the President, u legislature of two
houses, franchise rights practically the
Famo as those of voters In the United
F'ates with the additional qualification
That a voter shall * # be able to ppeak, read
and write the English or the Hawaiian
language."
Administrative and judicial officers are
providi-d and the lslar.d is triven a L»ele
*:nte to the House of Itepresentatlves of
the United States, chosen by the people,
with a right to debate in the House, but
not a right to vote.
Changes in Pension Laws..
The general Denslon laws have been ma-
Philippine Problem Not Solved. ]
The Philippines and Cuba have occupied J
much attention In the way of debate and
the adoption of resolutions of inquiry.
The Ppr.oner bill, providing that when all
Insurrection atrainst tn«» authority of the
tTnited States j-hall bo at an end all mili
tary, civil and judicial powers, until
otherwise provided by Congress, shall be
carried on under the direction of the l'res- j
ld»»nt, formed the ba^ls of the Senatorial j
donate on the Philippines' but was fruit- j
le»s of action. The only I^trisiation as to
Cuba Is of a comparatively minor char
acter, relating to Cuban shipiiing.
The extradition bill, applying to all Jn
sulur possessions and dependencies, has
passed bota houses, and doubtless will i
become a law. It Is tii.-slgned mainly to
reach cases like that of Charles F." W.
Neely.
Th^ Nicnraeuan canal bill and the shlp
p!nK subsidy bill axe notable Instances of
iejrislaUon partly advanced during the
present session, but not enacted into law.
The canal bill has pass«»d the House and
has been made the special order in the
Eenate. beginning December 10 next. The |
bill is on the calendar of each
house, \r!th a favorable recommendation
from a majority of the members of the
Senate ar.d House committees.
Anti-trust legislation has come promi-
Tienily into attention in the House at the
olosp of th<* session. th*» House having
passed a new anti-trust bill and defeated
a constitutional ameDdmrnt. The Senate
has passed a. bill for a cabte to the Phil
ippines and beyond, to be constructed and
maintained under the Government. !>ut no
action has b«.*en taken on it In the House.
The restriction of oleomargarine has
been productive of considerable agitation,
mainly in committees, and a radical re
strictive bill has been reported to the
House.
The only two items of difference which
might cause material delay are the armor
plate amendment on the naval appropria
tion bill and the amendment on the sun
dry civil bill in the interest of the St.
Louis exposition. The leaders of all
parties apparently are united in the wish
to bring the session to a close on Wednes
day, and by beginning the dally sittinRs
f-arly and allowing them to continue late
they will succeed.
Conference reports on appropriation and
other bills promise to occupy the attention
of the House to the exclusion of every
thing during the closing days of the
session. Only one piece or general legis
lation seriously threatens the programme
—the Grout oleomargarine bill. The
friends of this measure have been very
insistent and have threatened in case the
Senate does not agree to the resolution
for final adjournment on Wednesday to
hold up any amended resolution until
they can have an opportunity to vote on
their bill. A way out of the difficulty
was suggested yesterday which may be
put into operation to-morrow. To-morrow
b«inK suspension day. Mr. Tawney may
be recognized to move that an hour of
Tuesday hf given to the oleomargarine
bill. As this motion will require a two
thirds vote the powers that be are willing
that the measure be considered if it can
command such an overwhelming majority
of the House.
There is now hardly any doubt that the
Senate will agree to the House resolution
to adjourn the session next Wednesday.
The passage of the last ot the appropria
tion biils leaves no obstacles in the way
of final adjournment except the amend
ments made to those bills by the Senate,
and the opinion is now general that these
differences < an be adjusted and all the
business of the session concluded by the
time namod.
This Week's Programme.
Considerable general legislation is car
ried in appropriations. These provisions
include the amendments to the Military
Academy bill, making the commanding
general of the array a lieutenant general
anJ the adjutant general of the army a
i^i.ijor general; also the amendment to the
sundry civil bill appropriating $5,000,000 for
the Si Louis exposition. Both of tnese
bills are still ponding. The naval appro
priation bill adds two battleships, three
armored cruisers, three protected cruiser*
Jir.d live submarine boats to the naval
strength and may include special legisla
tion as to armor plate and a Jovcrnmcrt
plant. The other appropriation bills in ;he
main carry the usual Government sup
plies.
The Alaska code bill, giving a complete
civil system of the laws to the Territory,
has passed both houses, and undoubtedly
will become a law. Other measures whicn
have passed one house or the other but
are still pending include those for the
election of Senators by the people, au
thorizing the Pi^cdent to appoint a com
mission to stuuy commercial conditions
in China and Japan, for increasing the ef
ficiency of the army by making service
in the staff corps temporary, extending
the eight-hour law. Inert-using the annual
allowance to the militia of the country
from J-JUO.OOO to 51,000,000.
General Legislation.
Another measure passed of some gen
eral interest permits the Secretary of Ag
riculture to restore game birds which are
becoming extinct, and provides means for
the restriction of traffic in dead animals,
birds, etc.. from State to State, the lat
ter provision being in part designed to
l'mit the destruction of song birds for
the sale at their plumage.
Among other miscellaneous acts of the
Session are those for the preservation of
the historic frigate Constitution and for
extending the work of the twelfth census.
The Free limnes Act has at last become
a law. It provides for the patenting of
homesteads In the public lands acquired
from th« Indians on tne oayment of the
usual fees and no further eiturges. Tnls
opens to free homestead entry many mill
ions of acres of public lands in the West
heretofore sold at .stated ligures per acre.
terially changed by the present Congress,
largely as a result of the efforts of the
(Jrana Army of the Republic, which se
cured the passage of a olll amending the
law of June 27, tM, so as to permit the
'•aggregating: ot disabilities" and changing
tht provision as to widows so that a
Widow may receive pension when she is
"\\ lthov.t means of support other than
her daily labor and has an actual net
income not exceeding $250," etc.
Record of the National Law-Mak
ing Body for the Session
Just Closing.
Financial Legislation the Most Important En
acted, While the Canal and Shipping Bills
Have Been Sidetracked
WHAT SENATE AND
HOUSE HAVE DONE
THE SAN FEANCISCQ CALL, MONDAY, JTOSTE 4, laOO.
Athletic Contests Will Be Held During the Day and
the Evening V/ill Be Devoted
¦:to JVluSiG. : ,]> ; /-
COAST TURNERS PREPARE
FOR THEIR ANNUAL FEST
2
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFOP.D CO., Washington
and 1st sts., Oakland, or Builders' Ex., 8. F.
More than 500 Portuguese immigrants
arrived in New York one day last week.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
I/DAfU Were successful at Norn* last
tVlivlUn year. All others failed. In opera-
tion dally. 9 Stevenson st.. 8. F.
SAND CEKTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
Iiri/CAIU Gold dre< Jslnst pumps, the only
JAviYjUI" successful pump manufactured.
' 623 Sixth St.. San Francisco.
ENGINES.
In stock, steam, gas, gasoline; full line: mfr*.
prices. American Mfrs. Assn.. 20 Fremont.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
Eureka Separator and Amalgamator; pan mo-
tion; In operation IC Beale it.
TANKS.
TANKS— Pacific Tank Co., manufacturers. 3*
Bealo St.. 8. F.; S4S E. Id st.. Los AngeUs. .
ADVEBJISEJIIINT3.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
222-224 SUTTER STREET
In ordering goods for the vaca-
tion and outing time, remember we
prepay the freight within ioo miles
— that means a saving for you.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY
Port and Sherry, bot 25c. 5 bots Si
"OoTi-n" brand. Ree. 50c.
With the steady advance in wlnps.
future sales at this special price are
very doubtful. ••*••
Macaroni, Imported, pkg 121c
Th«» b#st. Spashettl. Vermicelli—
letters and numbers. Rejr. 13c.
Gernnn Wafers. Krietsc&'s, tin 25c
Fresh shipment Just in— Vanna.
Ptrawtvprry, Raspberry. Chocolate.
Hose. Lemon and .Hazelnut.
Tooti Brushes, Kent's, London, 25c
Beat In the world. Ev«ry on* guar-
anteed. Res. 3oc.
Listerine, Lambert's, large bot 65
Small bot. 20c
Raisins, seeded, ) pkglOc
Very finest. Retf. M'Vjc.
Adams Springs Mineral Water, doz $2-25
Case of 50 bota.. .57.75
Has no equal for the cur© of dys-
pepsia, dropsy and liver complaint.
Coke Dandruff Care, bot 75c
Only Do«ttlve cure against dandruff.
We refund money If unsuccessful.
Brandy, "Cal.," bot 75c
Pure Grape-. ral. $3.0O
Reg. SI bot.; Si ral.
Bouillon Capsules, Anker's, box 25c
Pure extract or beef. Itesr. 30c.
Deviled Ham, large tins 15c
Exquisite tor sandwiches. P. Jfc
W. brand. An Al article. Reg. 20c.
Yarmouth, Italian. bot 55c
Martini & Ross!. Re*. Me
Soap, "Old Family," 8 cakes 25c
I,. U &. Co.'u old reliable. Res. «
for 23c.
Nail Brushes, 20c
Solid back, all bristles. Resr. 20c.
Turkey Dusters, 25c
10 Inches Ion;, of selected wise and
tall feathers. lies. 33c.
Briliiantine, bo! 25c
Colgate's. Gives closs and softness
to tiie beard and bair. lies. 3jc.
Hammocks, £££§ from 75c op
Cigars, "El Amor," Clear Havana
New shipment arrived. Many <ft you
have been waiting for taem.
We carry a full line of Pics and
Cigarette Tobacco In air-tight tins.
Also Pipea.
RiENZI— For Sale Here.
fAINLESS DENTISTRY
NO PLATES (g&i
,g|^ REQUIRED \^J
Our removable brldse work Ik beautiful aa4
durable. Warranted li> years.
' ¦ \jtlf&&*t*. Our $5 00 Plates
E^^^^^^^^^SF P a| 0'e 5s extractlnq
|E^g^^*»-?JfSujV Is patented and
KP'Vfiftf'vwtf'tJ^^S W used by no other
>^2d|JS^Jp*U*^ derjtist on tfje Pc-
PRICE LIST for i) Days:
Painless Extraction 23o
Removable Brldgewcrk ....*:S.OO
Crowns »U.OO to *.1.«M>
Pure Gold Fillings $1.<M>
Amalcram 5Wo
Gold and Platina $1.00
Silver Filling 50o
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to th*'
children's teeth — painlessly.
' DR. 1%. 1_- WALSH.
S15H GEARY ST., between Hyde and LArktn.
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 11 Telephone Polk 1133.
Litt!e-at- the -Time Payments.
A Stitch In Time Saves Nine.
PROSPECTIVE FURNITURE
AND CARPET
Buyer* will do well to Inspect our
terms and prices before purchasing else-
where.
Every step a money saver.
Call and examine our lar?e and ele-
gant stock.
Estimates on complete houso furnish- .
ing cheerfully given.
Free Delivery Within 100 Mile*.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST..
Open Kvenlncs. Near Powell.
.7 A
f§|p#* WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CUREOrf
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-REXOWNED
"Magnetic Elastic Truss" Dr. Pierce eava to
the public the most remarkable remedy erep
discovered for the successful treat.-nent of Her-
nia, or Uupture. Thousands of sufferers hav*
been permanently relieved and radically CITKED
by thl» great appliance and thousands or others
are now on the road to complete recovery. Thi*
Truss 1» dlSerent from all otbers. It does taa
Tou can ret our "BOOKLET No. 1" by call-
ing at the offlce. or It will be sent on receipt oS
a 2-cent stamp. It tells all about this Truss.
"hIgnetic elastic truss co,.
G2U Market Street (Opposite Palace Itcte!)
. San Francisco.
Eastern Offlce— New York City.GALENA, Kan* June 3.— What is repre
sented to be one of the richest Jack
strikes ever made is reported from one of
the : proprietors : of . the Combination Zinc
Mining Company's properties. At a depth
of sixty-two feet drillers on the Sadie Bell
shaft ran into 25 per cent jack.: and ax«
said to have gone through ten feet solid.
Considerable excitement has resulted.
MARCONI'S SYSTEM
FOR SAN FRANCISCO
Francisco. Porto Rico and the Philippines.- ¦ In"; New: York 'harbor it. is pos
sible that a wireless telegraph system may take the place of uie cable con
necting Fort Hamilton and Fort Hancock. This cable. was recently found to
be cut in eleven places.
It is desired to connect the various ooints in San Francisco harbor at
which guns are located, and the wireless telegraph, it is believed, will
give better results than a cable, j
In Porto Rico Crab Island . will be connected with some port on the coast
of the larger island, but the establishment of 'stations there are merely to
give the officers of the army an opportunity, to learn how to operate the sys
tem. In the Philippines the system will take the place of the heltoeraDh.
which now flashes messages between Corregidor ; Island and Manila, Bohol,
and Cebu and other, points.
CALL HEADQUARTERS;. WELLINGTON HOTEL,; "^ -vSHIXGTOX.
June 3.— Brigadier General Greely, chief signal officer, said to-day that he had
directed the establishment of wireless telegraph stations In the harbor of San
Special Dispatch to The Call.
War Departr^eQt Will Establish
Wireless Telegraphy ir>
the Harbor
SAJC JOSE. June 3.— David Walsh, a
pioneer blacksmith and prominent in the
councils of the Republican party, died
suddenly to-night of heart disease. He
was a native of Ireland and 5S years of
Death of David Walsh.
LOS ANGELES. June 3.— W. J. Breckin
ridge, the dru^ clerk who was held up
ar.d shot by footpads last night, died this
afternoon. The police have arrested
Walter Watson and James Murray. They
were taken, at the Watson Housp. on Main
ftrevt, which is run by the mother of
Before he died Breckinridge partially
identified the men. but the identification
wa* not complete. Watson was arrested
several weeks ago for a hold-up, but the
evidence was not sufficient to hold him.
Murray Is not known to the police.
\y. j. Breckinridge Dies at His Home
in Los Angelesr
VICTIM OP FOOTPAD.
OBJECT TO SYLVA.
Democratic Delegates Ma;
Attend the Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Refuse to
SAX RAFAEL, June 3.— There is con
siderable feeling in local Democratic po
litical circles over the election yesterday
of Adolph Sylva as a delegate to the com
ing State convetnion. It is reported that
several delegates will refuse to attend the
convention on that account. The delegates
were elected by the representatives of the
several Supervisorial districts, and under
the arrangement Sylva was elected.
Many prominent Democrats were op
posed to his election, but it seems that all
waited for some one else to take the
Initiative, with the result that there was
no opposition to the man from Sausalito.
Most of the local Democrats are now ex
plaining that they had nothing to do with
the election and that the odium rests on
the Sausalito delegation.
Student Conference Adjourns.
PACIFIC GROVE; June 3.— The fifth
annual conference of Pacific Coast Stu
dents closed to-nl^ht with appropriate
exercises. The closing platform address
was delivered by Rev. Dr»." George C.
Adams of San Francisco. The subject.
"Imitations of God." was drawn from
Mathew- xi:13. "Seek ye first the kingdom
of God and all these things shall be added
'Unto you."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ATLANTT'" <~*ttY. N - J -- June 3.— From
the large number of letters received by
the' executive committee in cliarge of tho
fourteenth annual Grand Lodge and re
union. B. P. O. Elks, which is to be heM
here on July W. 11 and VI, the Atlantic
City Lodge is already assured that this
will be the largest and most successful
gathering of Elks coming from all sec
tions of the United States ever known in
the history of this popular organization.
Where lodges which formerly sent a dele
gation of twenty-five members to the con
ventions of this order word has been re
ceived to expect them in their ovrn private
cars from 100 to 2C0 strong.
The various local committees are hold
ing weekly meetings and are hard at
w(\rk arranging the many details for the
successful entertainment of their thou
sands of guests at that time. The
Grand Lodge headquarters will be at the
Hotel Rudolf. A. monster social session
will be held on one of the evenings at
Marcus N. Carroll's Blue Cavern Grotto
on the Boardwalk, while a large recep
tion and ball will be given on one of the
ocean piers on another evening. The ses
sions of the Grand Lodge will be held in
the Academy of Music, directly facing the
ocean. Open house will be kept at Elks'
Hall during the entire convention and a
ladies' receptic*s committee will be on
band at all times to receive the wives,
sisters, cousins and sweethearts of visit
ing Elks. During the week many spe-
Every Provision Made for the Com
fort of the Delegates to the
Fourteenth Annual Grand
i Lodge.
"Best People on Earth" to
Be Well Entertained at
the Seaside.
ATLANTIC CITY
MAKING READY
FOR THE ELKS
Plans Announced by the
Advisory Council of the
Civic Federation.
Interesting to All.
Will Provide a National Forum,
Where Non-Partisan Ideas Will
Be Exchanged on Problems
CHIOAGO, June 3.— The organization of
the advisory council of the National Civic
Federation was completed and announced
to-day. The Iccal organization has pro
moted four national conferences on the
subjects, respectively, of industrial arbi
tration, municipal reform, policy of the
United States and combinations and
trusts. After the conference on- trust*
last September it was decided that its na
tional work could be more effectively car
ried on through a national body, and to
perfect such an organization appointed a
committee, with Franklin H. Head as
chairman and R. M. Easley as secretary.
The prospectus of the organization
states its object to be:
To provide for the study and discussion
of questions of national import, affecting
either the foreign or domestic policy of
the United States; to aid in*-*he crysta*-i
zation of the most enlightened public sen
timent of the country in respect thereto,
and, when desirable, to promote neces
sary legislation in accordance therewith.
The plan provides for an executive com
mittee of thirty, an advisory council of
5C0 and a large membership throughout
the country, composed of representative,
practical men of affairs, irrespective of
party or creed.
The by-laws provide for standing com
mittees on the following subjects: For
eign relations, insular affairs, banking and
currencv. industrial combinations, inter
state and foreign commerce, consular and
diplomatic service, -labor, municipal gov
ernment, taxation, civic service, Indian
affairs and the negro question.
Franklin H. Head, chairman of the com
mittee on organization, in announcing the
advisory- council, said:
"The object of the National Civic Fed
eration, in addition to creating depart
ments to study national problems, will be
to provide a national forum by means of
which the representatives of all these
great divisions of society may come to
gether and discuss the problems in which
all have a common interest. . There are
many such to-day outside of political
questions, the solution of which such a
body may assist in in an educational way.
The meeting will be helil annually, or as
often as conditions suggest, and in differ
ent localities. The* organization will be
absolutely non-partisan. That there is a
field for such an organization is evidenced
bv the 500 acceptances received on tbe ad
visory' council and the hearty indorsement
of the plan contained therein."
The date of the first meeting, and the
subjects for discussion will be decided by
the executive committee and announced
Among those who have accepted mem
bership on the advisory council are presi
dents of the leading schools of learning of
the country. prominent ministers, etc.. and
men high up in the commercial world.
They include ' the following: Robert
Moran. shipbuilder. Seattle. Wash.; J.—
Hagerman. Anaconda. Mont.: J^L. Tor
rey stockman. Embar. A\yo.; Benjamin
Ide Wheeler, president of the University
of California: Mayor James D. Phelan of
San Francisco and Henry R. Wolcott of
Denver, Colo.^ - - •'
WILL DISCUSS
THE QUESTIONS
OF THE DAY
cial features have been arranged and
these, in addition to the many natural at
tractions and advantages offered by At
lantic City, will afford each and" all. a
most delightful visit to the seashore.
Atlantic City Lodge has not been mak
ing much noise over its preparations for
the reunion, but it assures all visitors that
when they arrive here they will be hospit
ably received and that everything neces
sary for their comfort and entertainment
has been provided for in ample manner.
The second annual exhibition of the At
lantic City Horse Show Association will
be held here during the week the Elks'
convention is in session, and as this is
one of the greatest social functions at
the resort, as well as one of the foremost
equine exhibitions in the country, it will
be greatly enjoyed by the visitors. The
bathing, sailing, fishing, golfing, wheeling,
driving and scores of other amusement3
and diversions of all sorts at this place
are not surpassed anywhere in the coun
try and there will be plenty of entertain
ment to satisfy every one and send them
home firm friends of the queen resort ol
America.
The parade of Elk3 will take place on
the afternoon of Wednesday. July 11.
This parade is one of the leading features
of the Elks' renunion. Samuel E. Perry,
chairman of the parade and prize commit
tee, has charge of the detaiK of the pa
geant. This committee offers valuable
prizes in addition to a number of indi
vidual trophies.
FAIR CANDIDATES FOR QUEEN <
OF THE STREET FAIR
Spe<rial Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, June 3.— In connection,
with the Stockton Free Street Fair
and Fourth of July celebration. Ma
jor Sherman, secretary of tbe Ma-
sonic Veteran Association of the Pa
cific Ccast and a Mexican war veteran,
has suggested a very appropriate idea for
the coming celebration.
Major Sherman's idea is that the surplus
fund of the street fair or i) portion of It
should be utilized in building a statue of
Commodore Richard Stockton, to be
placed in one of the public parks or the
Courthouse Square.
Trie attraction o>mmit*.e« has decided
to have a large painting of Commodore
Stockton made, with an appropriate b«ar
C«g and national flag emblems surround
ing it, to be placed at the tack of the
grand stand.
It is also suggested that there be a, sale
at Mare Island Navy Yard of old pieces
of ordnance, among which are several
used by Cornmodcre Stockton on this
coast. . Major Sherman pays that there
are three 32-pounders of old style, and
they can be rired in salutes just fifty
years after they were used against the
enemy on this coast. This matter has
been taken up by President Henderson,
and the Secretary cf the Navy has been
telegraphed to for the use of the guns.
Tbe committee has also decided to ex
tend an invitation to Rev. A. A. McAllis
ter, chaplain of the United States navy
at Mare Island, to be one of the military
chaplains present on July 4. He was chap-
Iain at the raising of the American flag
at Honolulu, when the Hawaiian Islands
were annexed to the United States.
Balloting for the queen has already be
gun. There is a great deal of interest
surrourding this contest.
D«ath of an Editor
RUTLAND. Vt.. June 3.— Robert A. P»r
kins, for many years editor of th» Rut
land Herald, died to-day of heart disease.
for the Presidency.
MTI/Vv"AirKEE, June 3.— Tomorrow Is
the preliminary day of the Club "vTomen's
Convention. The club women who have
wandered in from every State In the
T.'nion to-«lay will be reinforced by other*
to-morrow. Mrs. Lowekns to-day declared
- was not a candidate for re-e'ectlon.
. J Mr?. Brock, also regarded as a presi
dential possibility, make3 positive domin
ation. The name of Mrs. Ellen He.inrtfci
of Chicago, the honorary president, has
been mentioned.
Among the prominent women who put
in an appearance to-day are Mrs. Robert
Hurdttte. president of the California V*.>«f
eration. and Mrs. Fannie Humo'veya
Grtffney of New York, president of. lu*
National Council of Women.
Urs. Henrotin of Chicago Msntioned
CLUB WOMEN'S CONCLAVE.
Sp^cia! Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. June 1— It now seem*
practically certain that the amendment to
the Military Academy bill reviving the
grade of lieutenant general for the Keneflt
of Major General Miles and conferring
upon the adjutant genera! of th3 army the
rank of major general will be accepted
by the conference committee and become
The President will then nominate Gen
eral Miles to be lieutenant genera! and
General Corbin to be major general. As a
result of their promotion. Gerenl lines'
salary wiil be increased from J75*X> annual
ly to $11,000 and his allowances will
amount to SW> per month, the same as
they are to-day. His annual cempensa- w
ticn. therefore, will be $:2.DX>. General
Cort)lr,'s promotion will cvar* an Ir.cr?a34
to hls*salary from SXtffl to JT5» per year,
and an allowance of $100 per month for
quarters, etc.
macd;r-in-Chief and the Ad
jutant GeneraL
Effect of the Promotion cf the Corn-
INCREASED PAY FOR
MILES AND CORBIN
FRIENDSHIP OF DIAZ
TOWARD NETHERLANDS
President of Mexico Warmly Re
ceives Baron Gevers, Official Rep
resentative of Holland.
CITT OF MEXICO. June S.— President
Diaz, in receiving oScially Baron Gevars.
representing the Netherlands, said anicn?
otner thing .
"Th« sentiments of friendship, to which
in the name of your sovereign you have
been pleaded to give utterance, are identi
cal with those wnich 1 on my side, enter
tain toward her augu»t person, and they
are likewise reciprocated in the sympathy
witii which the Government and people
of Mexico regard the industrious and va
liant people nt the Netherlands, whose vir
tues and ardent love of independence are
so conspicuous in history."
El Tiempo, the orsan of the clerical
party, endeavored to find in this utterance
s=om<? trace of sympathy for the Boers, but
the President spoke directly of the people
of Holland and no other construction can
be placed on his words.
The Guatemalan advices bringing new3
that cannot be published in that country
says the stringency of the money market
has caused a complete standstill in busi
ness. Importations have stopped from all
parts of the world. ,'Guatemala is at pres
ent flooded with paper money, and silver
is almost a curiosity. The acting Govern
ment is losing the confidence of the peo
ple uaily.
It Is reported the President cannot hold
the reins much longer and that a few
weeks will probably see a repetition of
the affairs of 1SSS.
Disease Painlessly Sealed.
LONDON". June 4.— The Vienna corre
spondent of the Daily Chronicle says: A
dscovery by Herr Zierler. a dentist, has
been reported to the hygienic institute of
Wurzburg University whereby certain
electric currents will destroy bacteria,
thus painlessly healing disease.
Princess Aribert at Washington.
"WASHINGTON, June X— The Prtnces3
Aribert of Anhalt. who is visiting at the
British embassy here, spent most of the
day in seclusion. In the afternoon, ac
companied by Lady Pauncefote and the
Hon. Sibyl Pauncefote. she drove to Ar
lington.
sistent with the stability and security of
law. order and prosperity. We are civil
oncers, men of peace. Tne field of our
work is necessarily confined to regions
where the armed enemy has ceased his
operations. We cannot deal with armed
men. General MacArthur and the army
will do that.
"When those now in arms shall have
laid them down, relying, as they certainly
can, upon the justice, generosity and
clemency of the United States, we shall
give them all a full hearing upon the policy
to be pursued and the reforms to be ini
tiated. We purpose to inaugurate as com
prehensive a school system throughout
the islands ss circumstances will allow.
I am surprised that Manila has not re-,
ceived news regarding the Spooner bill,
a measure calculated to help us greatly in
our work here."
Anxiety of the Filipinos.
While in Hongkong the Commissioners
questioned Armache and members of the
wealthy Cortez family regarding Filipino
affairs not covered by the Filipino Junta,
th^re. The Filipinos in Manila are anx
iously and even nervously waiting for a
formal statement by the commission re
garding its future policy. Everything the
Commissioners say or do is carefully con
sidered. Cables from Hongkong have
been published here to the eftect that the
commission will not assume control un
til Sept-mber. This repjort, coupled with
the statement that Washington approves
General MacArthur's plan of campaign,
has created considerable excitement in
Filipino circles, where it has been expect
ed that immediate changes of policy and
action would follow the arrival cf the
commission.
It should be understood that the fore
going declaration of Judge Taft is in no
sense intended as a proclamation.
ALMOST CERTAIN THEY
WOUNDED AGUINALDO
Details cf the Encounter of Major
March's Men "With the Chief
tain's Party.
VIGAN, Luzon. June 2 (via Manila. June
3 (.—Major March, with his detachment of
the Thirty-third Regiment, overtook what
is believed to have been Aguinaldo's par
ty on Msy 19 at Lagat, about 100 miles
northeast of Vigan. The Americans kill
ed or wounded an officer supposed to be
Aguinaldo. whose body was remo%'ed by
his followers. Aguinaldo had -100 men.
Major March 123.
The American commander reached La
Boagan. where Aguinaldo had, made his
! headquarters since March 6. on May 7.
Aguinaldo had fled seven hours before,
leax-ing all the beaten trails and traveling
tnrougn the forest along the beds or
streams. Toward evening on Mav 1»
Major March struck Aguinaldo'S outpost
about a mile outside o£ Lagat, killing rour
tiiipincs and capturing two. From the
latter he learned that Aguinaldo had
camped there for the night. Although ex
hausted and half starved. Major March's
men entered Lagat on the run. They saw
the insurgents scattering into the bushe3
or over the plateau. A thousand yards
beyond the town, on the mountainside,
the ilgures of twenty-live Filipinos,
cressed in white with their leader on a
gray hcrse. were silhouetted against the
sunset. The Americans fired a volley and
saw the cfScer drop from his horse. His
followers ft>d. carrying the body.
The Americans, on reaching the spot,
caught the horse, which was richly sad
dled. Blood from a badly wounded man
was on the animal and on the ground. The
saddlebags contained Acuinaldo's diary
and some private papers, including procla
mations. One of these was addressed:
"To the Civilized Nations." It protested
agair.st the American occupation of the
Philippines. There were also found cop
ies of Senator Beveridge's speech, trans
lated into Spanish and entitled: "The
Lx?athkne!l of the Filipino People."
Major March, believing that the Fil
ipinos had made for a river which is
tributary to the Chico, followed it for two
days, reaching Tiao. where he learned
that a party of Filipinos had descended
the river on ,May ?) on a raft with the
body of a deatl or ¦wounded man upon a
litter, covered with palm leaves.
There Major March reviewed his com
mand, shoeless and exhausted, and picked
out twenty-four of the freshest men. with
whom he beat the surrounding country for
six days longer, but without finding any
trace of the insurgents. The Americans
pushed on and arrived at Aparri on May
25.
The officer shot was either Aguinaldo or
his adjutant, and as the horse was richly
caparisontd it is a fair presumption that
it was Aguinaldo.
The soldiers of General Young, military
governor of Northwestern Luzon, cap
tured early last month an insurgent officer
with papers revealing Aguinaldo's where
abouts. General Young immediatelv or
ganized for pursuit, giving Major March
a chance to finish the work begun in No
vember. Major March left Candor, on May
10 and hurried north toward >f-a Boagan.
while Colonel Hare with a battalion, di
vided into two parts. started from
Rangue, province of Abra. covering the
trails westward. The garrison in the
Csgayan Valley was disposed of in such a
way as to guard the avenues of escape
eastward. Spies heralded the approach of
Major March with signal fires. On reach
ing La Boagan he apprehended a letter in
Aguinaldo's handwriting, the ink of which
was hardlv dry. addressed to an officer of
guerrillas of the Filipino army, and say
ing:
"Th^re having arrived this morning at
La Boagan a hostile column from Bokore.
1 have s<»t out with all my force. My road
has no destination."
This was signed "Colonel David." a so
briquet. Aguinaldo called at the presiden
ria. whence he issued decrees and where
his followers celebrated Easter with a
banquet at a triangular table, when
ppeeches were made eulogizing Oregorfo
del Pilar. That night Major March's men
slept in the bamboo, resuming the advance
in the morning and reaching Lapat. forty
mil^s distant, in two days, although it was
raining hard in the mountains all the time.
Aguinaldo's papers were all very im
portant. They show that he took refuge
in Isabela province, where he remained
until he established himself in La Boagan.
province of Abra. where he proposed to
direct th» rainy ?»a«on operations. tTr.til
recently he wa- Ignorant of outside events,
niakirz no prrt*n?»* of directing the in
surrection, hnnpy if indeed he might be
able to keep alive among the l.^stile Oor
rctes. who killed several of his followers.
iLANILA* June 3.— Th« United States
transport Hancock, from San Francisco
April IT, arrived here this morning with
the member* of the Philippine CommLs
eloa. The members cf Genera! ilac.^th
ur's s - _ K ~ welcomed the Commissioner* on
l>cird tSs« Hancock. At noon th- Com
rnlasiocers landed and drove to the pala.ee,
escorted by General MacAxthur's siaS, a
tand ami two companies of the Tweuty
cixth Infantry, with artillery.
At tli« palace the Commissioners were
Trelcozsed by General MacArthr.r in a
short and forceful acdreas. After Judge
William H. Taft. president of the com
mission, had replied tne CommU-ioiitris
xetumed to the Handcock. wnerc they
•will remain until they ha.ve seievtei tuii
s.ble dwellings.
During the njcrr.ir.g the members of the
Tiiipino Supreme Court, the local editors
tud maxy of the leading merchants re
paired to the transport, where they con
versed wtt»i the Commissioners. Rear
iA.GnalraJ Reaiy. in command or the United
Slates naval forces on the Asiulic stutiun,
called ofSctally during the afternoon. To
morrow General MacArthur will return
<tie call of the Commissioners.
The Jamily of Judge Tart will rerri.il.-i
for a while la Japan. The lamiiies of the
ether Commissioners arrived with them.
Judge Taft. speaking to-day regarding the
powers ar.d future work of tfce cozuznis
gion. said:
What the Coinniissioa "Will Do.
? "We have full instructions =.nd exten
tlve powers. The latter we shall not tx
«rds* until we have had ample time to
«.o;uire sufficient knowledge ci the situa-
Tloa to enable us to proceed to «-nact
legislative changes and refenn?, pre'iE!
"H*ry to the establishment of a staple
civil government. Until we assume au
thority General MacArthur wiil conuntxe
zo cwrform the duties and exerci5e the
r.ow*-r<? formerly performed and exercised
• fcv Oeneral Otis; and even after we take
•active and full part in the government
General MacArthur will continue to act
tjf its head until, on our recornmenla.tion
T--> Pr»-sid^nt McKinley. it shall set-m to
Us* President that the time has
for the appointment of a civil executive.
BX I for making the miiitar>- forces mere!.
auxiliary in carrying on the civil xorsvtn
.rsent. to be available only In cas?s of
urger.cy for the suppression of juvkss
vio-.er.ce too ;orrr»i<iable to be overcornp
by zt-.r resnterly organized local police.
**W« are aware that there are several
!55u^s of deep interest to the Filipinos
upen which it is our duty to take action.
Sorr.» of these involve judicial investfga
ii«n and decisions upon legal rights. Oth
* * r call for the careful exercise of political
I^ w^r in order to secure equitable ad-
Jostaeat*. Upon the latter class of is
t^'? v.e cannot now speak.
"R«pr*»entlcgr the sovereignty of the
<~r.i'*-<i States in th» Priilippine-. which
it if the purr>o?e of our Government to
rrairtain. we are here to do justice to the
Filipino? and to secure for them the best
g ovfrra?rt in our power and sruch a
Tr.enF\:r* cf popular control s.s is coa-
TIENTSIN*. June 3.— Three men and two
women French and Belgian referees from
Pao-Tlng--Fu. have arrived here. Nine are
still missing.
A body of mounted Cossacks have gone
in search of the missing and are taking
food to Tan Liu Pins for the relief o* the
party there.
It is reported from Peking that Mr. Ste
venson of the Church of England mission
at Yemchlng, has been murdered and that
Mr. Norman of the same mission is miss
ing.
lOXDOX, June 4.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Times says that well
informed natives in Shanghai think the
position of affairs in the north •will become
more serious.
TACOSiA, Wash.. June 3. — News by-
Steamer from Hongkong states that the
Boxers are extending operations to South
ern China. Extensive operations in smug
gling gun.3, revolvers and air. si ur.it Ion to
the interior haVe b*en discovered at Can*
ton. where several lots of arms have been
captured and the smugglers punished. Lo
cal officials, however, are said to secretly
favor the project, but are a'raid of the
foreign powers.
Li Hung Chan? has ordered the estab
lishment of a commercial bureau at Can
ton. Tvith headquarters at the hocse of L!n
Hsio Husa. a noted anti-foreign leader.
The movement is understood . to b« for
the purpose of keeping the merchants
under the eye of the reform party and to
«py their movements under pretense of
commercial supervision.
Xews from Shanghai states that th»
troubles at Wei-Hai-Wei continue and are
more threatening. A boundary commission
was attacked by a mob from the villages
in that province and after a nerce fight
in which the Chinese soldiers, ur.der com
mand of British o.&cer*. are said to have
fought desperately a?ainn :h«ir country
men, the rioters were driven back ami
many killed. Major Penacre and Captata
Pereira. Britisn officers, were killed.
New Features Are
Eyeing Added
Daily to the Pro
gramme and the
Queen Contest
Is Fully On.
Suggestion of Major
Sherman as to
the Disposition of
the Profits of the
Coming Street
Fair.
MAY ERECT A MONUMENT
TO COMMODORE STOCKTON
Rebels Are Extending Operations to Southern
China, and Munitions of War Are Being
Smuggled Into the Interior.
Party of Nine Refugees Are Re
ported Missing by Friends at
Tientsin.
MAY HAVE BEEN
KILLED BY BOXERS
MANILA. June S. — It is .reported that a band of insurjents has attacked
the town cf Lctlan, Mindanao, killing seven and wounding four Americans.
The rebels lost fifty-seven killed.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
United States Transport Hancock Arrives at
Manila With the Members of the
Philippine Commission.
Kill Seven Americans and Wound
Four, While Their, Own Dead
Number Fifty-Seven.
INSURGENTS ATTACK
A MINDANAO TOWN
TJtLK SA^ FRAXUiSCO CApU ' MUJNUA Y, d U^Jfi 4, 19U0.
Bich Jack Strike.
3
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
iS A CHEAT K.Iir(_:iATIVIL, l.VVlti'JiU-
tcr *r.ii Nenrlse.
Tfce i3o*t wotiicrfcl ashrsdlaUe aad Special
*^ e V ? h * *2 IU * 1 Ot^^» tor both sexes.
—:r*.^ X £r u L H * sls * <ljr Icr DUeasea of th« Kll-
. «=* "arfc't «t.. a. f.-tseod f£ Circular.!
fc-^ FAVORSTE
pESCRSPTION
Smiths'
Seven
&* Specials
B Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. ]
I Tomatoes 4 cans 25c j
jn iszzr.izri. Home goods. ]
a Fresh ar.d of value. \
* Fancy Head Rice ib7c
I Larg-, soend, clean — best
that grows. Peg. 90 I
Pineapple i lb. tin each IOC
Grated or sliced. None
better, strictly fancy.
Reg. Iltfc "
„ Rolled Oats 12 ib« 25c I
\\ or Cream Flake Wheat. P
U Your choice. |
I Pie Fruit 2H ti. tins 7c I
M 80c dozen. Apples, %
n Grapes. Phiir.*. New i
H5 Pack Standard Quality. J
H Peg. ioc • !
rj Soap 8 for 25C I
Santa Oaus. A great 1
H value — everybody knows p
y it Reg. 6 for 25c jj
1 Kona Coffee 5 lbs. Si I
[\ Roast or ground. Will a
(i match any pc g?ois In [
S the citv. ' If it doesn't
h suit bring it back.
1 Cape Nome
8 Remember we are the chief
:| supply house in the city fcr this
H trade. r
I Campers j
gj Are t^innin? to look here as j
I us-ua! each year for right goods. " I
ej Everything — tents, blankets, g
¦1 ftcves. utensils, groceries, nic- E
J nacs. Rijhtly packed. Prompt- : i
H ly shipped. Big or little orders 1
tg given uniivi Jed attention, 3
J ey saved— if out narx. Mail us |
: || ycur or«ier« — dependable service. f
2E-27 MARKET ST."
HI lipWl I fiilllNRillifllSSili 1 il
In yyiBgi^ ' I
I ' jgj %jFi LL our tiilor-made clothes are made i *i
I • ''^1 3vSA * n our 0%vn 1 ** airy and roomy *
I ' j £a Ar-Qk workshop, situated on the second * ;
¦HI j I |H ¦" »»aa fl oor O f the Market-street store, j |j \
I ' H ou are i nv * tec * at a ' 1 times to* visit the j \
I ''< i 1*1 %vor ' <5 hop an - see what a clean, sanitary
|i j H place it is. Made-to-order garments made ~f
I | || with such surroundings are sure to be per- j U \
1 pi fectly clean. This is of vast importance to j |!
1 B you — consider it.
| Mi §1 Let us measure you for a sack suit or jjjii j
W §1 cutaway made under these conditions from jj I
I f ||j black cheviot indigo blue serge
1 |a blue cheviot new light blue serge j*
I j i : p| and clay worsted
I !'•' i ! il They are actual $20.00 values, figuring |
I i J jH upon the usual S20.00 made-tc-order suit 1
I ! ! t iH as a ba<;^- ul whiIs the cloth lasts our \ j
E '• I §1 price is $13.50.
K !'' ! il S many samples given as you wish —
I :; ' il compare them where you chco'se. Every f ;
i; j! H suit fully guaranteed.
Rj t| sa Money returned if you want it; or
H I i *| Clothes kept in repair free for one year. §
I L aj Out-of-toan orders filled — write us. £
IU 718 Market Street and !i ! i
;| Cop. Powell and Eddy. • ]CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. June 3.—John M. Hoyt of
Oakland is at the Netherland. Claus
Spreckels will sail for Europe to-morrow
on the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse.
The Examiner has again stolen the important news
of the plague situation for which The Call is paying.
The public, however, has reason for congratulation,
and The Call is grateful that news of such vital im
portance to the city as are the reports of Dr. George
F. Shrady i? given some added circulation even by
the local journalistic purveyor of stolen goods.
An investigator into matters of trade has discovered
that the millions of buttons, flags and patriotic pic
tures offered for sale and displayed in London dur
ing the celebrations over the relief of Ladysmith and
Mafeking were made in the United States, and now
the British manufacturers arc almost sorry there was
any occasion for rejoicing.
The efforts of the "Boxers" in China to exclude
foreigners have thus far had no other effect than that
of affording Russia an excuse for putting 20,000
troops in readiness to invade the kingdom, and if the
Boxers keep on for a year the foreigners will own the
country-
It is reported that a club of fifty young Englishmen
are coming to the United States this summer to pick
out a place to found a bachelor colony, but the
chances arc there is deception in the game and that
the whole crowd is on the lookout for American
wives.
IN the report of the California Deb'ris Commission
on the subject of impounding mining debris in the
. Yuba River, it is stated:
"Especial attention is invited to the fact that the ob
ject sought to be accomplished is the storage of the
debris now in the Yuba and its tributaries with a view
to the improvement of the rivers below and decidedly
not with a view of permitting unlicensed or indiscrim
inate hydraulic mining at localities above the im
pounding works. When the works have been com
pleted and in operation several years there will be time
and opportunity to determine whether or not the sys
tem is capable of sufficient expansion to warrant an
attempt at storing therein the tailings from the hy
draulic mines without compelling each mine to im
pound any or all of its debris. The commission
believes the project practicable and worthy of adop
tion, and so recommends. It is the only one thus far
evolved which gives reasonable hope of success and
at a very moderate cost for storage."
Commenting upon the report Attorney General
Ford is quoted as saying:
"It will be several years before it will be definitely
known how much of asuccess the works on the Yuba
River, will be. The first effect will be to determine
whether they are capable of storing the debris now in
the Yuba and its tributaries. If they are not a suc-
THE YUBA RIVER IMPROVEMENTS.
Political experts estimate that the only danger to
the Republican party this year is that the Democrats
may carry the House, and therefore no chances
should be taken in the Congressional districts. The
warning should be heeded in California, and every
effort made to send a solid prosperity delegation to
support the administration.
The report that London is to have a drama repre
senting the siege of Mafeking is another illustration
of the tendency of the stage to keep up with the
press. Everything that is new, from a novel to a
war, has to be played up to keep the public interested.
G. D. Plato, a merchant of Modesto la
at the Lick.
Rev. James O'Reilly of Blissvllle N. T t
is at the Lick.
*D. R. Cameron, a commission man oS
Hanford. is at the Lick.
L. S. Alexander, a merchant of Watson*
vllle. Is at the Occidental.
F. C. Hammond, a business man of Ju
neau, Alaska, Is at the Occidental with
his wife.. ,;; ;
Mark R. Plaisted, editor and proprietor
of the Fresno Evening" Democrat, is at tha
California.
W. Oothout. a wealthy resident of Santa
Barbara, and Mrs. Oothout are guests at
the Palace..
. . J. B. de Jarnett of Colusa. one of tha
most extensive fruit growers in the State,
is a guest at the Occidental.
Henry E. Highton, the attorney, and
wife came up from San Mateo yesterday
and are at the California.
J. D. Redding, the well-known lawyer.
composer and clubman, arrived from New
York yesterday and is at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
ARMY INTELLIGENCE.
mAJOR HENRY C. WARD of the
Sixteenth Infantry and Major
Laven C. Allen of the Twelfth In
fantry have exchanged places.
Captain Isaac N. Lewis, Sixth Artillery,
has been ordered to proceed to Fort
Schuyler, New York, to superintend
and adjust range and position finders at
that post.
The leave of absence granted Colonel
Simon Snyder, Nineteenth Infantry, has
been extended one month; that of Second
Lieutenant Edgar A. Myer, Eleventh, one
month, and that of Captain Alvarado M.
Fuller, Ninth Infantry, one month.
Leave of absence for two months has
been granted Captain Edmund Witten
myer. Fifteenth Infantry.
The order directing Major John T.
French, quartermaster, United States Vol
unteers, to proceed to Portland, Me., has
been revoked.
The leave of absence granted Captain
Charles P. George, Sixteenth Infantry,
has been extended four months.
By direction of the President the pro
vinces of Morong and Infanta and all that
portion of the province of Manila north of
the Pasig River, all In Luzon and' now a
part of the Department of Southern Lu
zon, have been transferred to the Depart
ment of Northern Luzon.
Second Lieutenant James W. Furlow,
Eleventh Infantry, stationed in Porto
Rico, has been granted a leave of absence
for one month, with permission to visit
the United States and apply for another
month.
Leave of absence for fifteen days, with
permission to visit the United States, has
been granted Second, Lieutenant H. L.
Wigmore; Fifth Cavalry, stationed at Por
to Rico. ' • * "¦ -" ' - - ' '
.Leave, of absence 1 for one month, with
permission" to Visit the United States, has
been granted Major A: C. Sharpe, Inspect
or general. United States Volunteers, and
acting judge advocate of the Department
of Porto Rico.
Captain William V. Judson, Corps of En
gineers, engineer officer of the Department
of Porto Rico, has been ordered to pro
ceed to Ppnce, P. R., and then to Ad Jun
tas, Utuado and Arocioo to inspect Gov
ernment road work that is under way at
those places. .
. First Lieutenant; John S. Battle. Elev
enth''; Infantry;^ aid-de-camp on the staff
of Brigadier* General Davis, has been ap
pointed census enumerator for the Depart
ment of Porto Rico.
First Lieutenant Seaborn G. Chiles
Eleventh Infantry, has been ordered to re
port for duty at San Juan, P. R.. having
completed former duty assigned him.
Captain H. B. Chamberlin, assistant
quartermaster. United States Volunteers
has been ordered to proceed from Colon
to Cardenas on business connected with
the purchase of supplies and materials
to be used in the repairs to the jail and
the San Fernando civil hospital at Colon.
First Lieutenant H. C. Schumm, Second
Artillery, has been relieved from duty as
collector of customs at Gibara, Cuba. - He
will Join his battery at Fort Barrancas
Florida, as soon as his successor, to be
selected\by the chief of the customs ser
1 vice, has been appointed.
The Germ&nia shipyard at Kiel Is one of
the branches of the Krupp establishment
and employed 2726 men at last account.
It has only been in existence about four
years.
The target range at Meppen owned by
Krupp is 72,000 feet in length— nearly four
teen miles. All the guns made at his
works for the German army and navy,
as well as those for foreign governments,
are tested there for endurance and ac
curacy.
Germany has adopted the Russian mast
for its battleships. It carries its fighting
tops quite low, thus escaping the smoke
from the funnels, insures greater ac
curacy of firing, as the rolling is greatly
diminished and the vessel is less subject
to strain.
A floating dock for Hamilton, Bermuda,
is being built at Xcwcast»e-on-Tyne for
the British navy. It has been designed by
Clark & Shanfield, who also drew the
plans for the United States floating dock
at Algiers,. La. The Bermuda dock will
be 545 feet In length. 100 feet wide, and
carry 33 feet of water over tho blocks.
The contract price is JD25,000 and guaran
tees completion within one year, so that
the dock may be towed out to Hamilton
In August, 1901.
Good progress is being made at the new
naval port Belgrano, Bahia Blanca, in
the Argentine Republic: The harbor will
accommodate twenty ships of the Gari
baldi type (7000-ton vessels) besides a fleet
of torpedo boats and other small craft.
Around this harbor a tract of land cov
ering 2223 acres Is reserved for govern
ment use for drydock, shops, official resi
dences and parade grounds. The work ia
being done by contract by an English
company which has already built a mole
659 feet in length forming one side of the
basin channel, which will have a depth of
water of 21 feet at low tide and 30 feet
at mean tide.
The Brazilian torpedo cruiser Tamoyo.
built at the Germania yard, Kiel, haa
passed through her trials with fair re
sults. Under four hours' forced draught
the engines developed 7300 horsepower,
giving a speed of 22.7 knots, and under
eight hours' natural draught, the horse
power averaged 5000 with a speed of 20.5
knots. The Tamoyo is 269 feet in length.
23 feet 10 inches beam, and displaces 10S0
tons on a mean draught of 9 feet 10 Inches.
Her battery consists of two 3.9-Inch, six
6-pounders and two 1%-pounders. She has
also three under-water torpedo tubes. The
coal capacity is 260 tons, sufficient for 6000
knots at a 10-knot speed.
The waste of time and money through
the red-tape system which exists more or
less in all naval administrations is Illus
trated by the fact that the Japanese bat
tleship Shiklshima wa3 built and com
pleted at the Thames Iron Works, Lon
don, in less than thirty months. The
same firm is now building the battleship
Albion for the British navy, but her com
pletion is not looked for until December
next The keel was laid December 3, 1&6,
and her period of construction will there
fore be forty-eight months. With the
Shikishlma the contractors placed orders
for armor, engines," boilers and guns and
there was no hitch in the work nor delay
by ; the sub-contractors. A similar sys
tem in this country would push shipbuild
ing ' at a more lively rate.
NEWS OF NAVIES.
CROKER AGAINST HILL.
WHEN the Democratic State Committee of New
York met about a month ago to arrange for the
State convention of the party, Croker of Tam
many was in England and David Bennett Hill went
down to the meeting and captured the machine. Such
at least was the report that came from New York at
the time. Hill outlined a programme for the Democ
racy of New York to pursue in the National Conven
tion, and the State Committee indorsed it. Tammany
was apparently incapable of making head against the
sage of Wilfert's Roost, and when the committee ad
journed every paper in New York city declared, "Hill
is in the saddle."
Since that time Hill has been busy fixing his wires
to the machine, so that when the State convention
met he would have only to touch a button to have the
machine do the rest. Up to within something like
a week ago everything was seemingly in his hands.
Then from Croker there went a message which
ordered the Tammany braves to prepare to fight.
Hill's programme included an indorsement of Bryan,
but not the election to the National Convention of a
delegation instructed to support him. Furthermore
the delegation was not to be committed to free silver,
but it was to go to the convention with freedom to
make such terms with the Bryanites as would enable
the New Yorkers to frame the platform in considera
tion of voting for the Bryanite candidate.
Croker's programme as outlined by John F. Carrol,
temporary leader of Trmmany, is quite different.
Carrol is quoted as having said recently:
"As far as I have been able to consult with the rep
resentative men of the organization they entirely ac
cord with my view of both the propriety and expe
diency of sending to the'National Convention a dele
gation instructed for William J.t Bryan as the Presi
dential candidate. It is safe to say that every delegate
from the organization will favor this programme, and
whatever influence I may possess will be exerted to
impress the desirability of its adoption upon the dele
gates from the other localities in the State."
The convention is to meet to-morrow, and the ex
pectation of a good fight is thrilling the blood of trie
braves. Hill has some advantage from the fact that
never in the history of the "State has" a New Yprk
delegation to a Democratic National Convention been
instructed for a particular candidate except when the
State had a candidate of its own for President. If Hill
can induce the convention to~ maintain the precedents
of the party the victory is his. Croker has to take the
aggressive arid carry the convention into the adoption
of a policy hitherto untried.
The'impression prevails in some quarters that Cro
ker will have an. easy triumph. It. is recalled that in
1898 Hill had the State Committee, with him as he has
now, but that when the convention met Tammany
nominated Van Wyck without trouble'and Hill had
to retire to Wolfert's Roost to sulk after acquiescing in
Croker's plans. It is believed the new contest will be
a repetition of the former one; that Hill will do all
he can until the convention meets and then will break
down and lack the courage to make a fight on the
floor. There are other folks; however, who hold to
the doctrine that things rarely happen twice in the
same way. They maintain that this time David Ben
nett, has .made ready for a contest to the -bitter end»
and that he will go back to Wolfert's Roost with
Croker's scalp hanging to his bel*
PRICES STILL SETTLING.
PRICES continue to settle all along the line and
throughout the whole country, if sugar and sev
eral fruit staples be excepted. The brunt of the
decline is borne by manufactured products and their
raw staples, such as iron, cotton, wool, hides, leather,
boots and shoes, etc. In some lines there is still a
foir.t effort to sustain the feverish quotations of 1899,
but it is a hopeless task, and most branches of trade
have yielded to the inevitable and are accepting the
r.e.v situation with the best grace possible.
Aside from those merchants and manufacturers who
are caught with large stocks of high-priced goods the
decline is rather beneficial than otherwise, for it in
sures permanence in conditions. It means a steady
rather than a feverish trade. There are no signs at
present that quotations for the general run of goods
will sink below the profit point. Prices for many raw
products are still considerably above the normal for a
number of years, and can stand pruning. It is better
to have a good, fluent market at fixed profits than a
fluctuating one with breakers ahead. We are simply
getting back to a more stable basis, and when it is
reached the demand will again spring up, prices will
cease to decline and regular conditions once more
prevail. The country is to be congratulated that the
current liquidation has been attended with so little
friction.
Thus far this year the decline in staples has averaged
from 15 to 20 per cent. The lines most affected were
mentioned in the first paragraph. A favorable feature
of the situation, however, is that the falling off in the
country's bank clearings is not as pronounced as it
has been, the decrease last week being less than 3 per
cent, against over 18 per cent for the preceding week.
Commercial failures still show an increase over 1899,
but it is slight. The railroads continue to report a
large volume of business, in some cases even larger
than in 1899, which points to a good undertone in
general trade, in spite of the decline in quotations.
Wheat and its dependent grains have been weak of
late, with a slow but steady decline in the former.
The fruit trade of the State is opening well, and thus
far very satisfactory prices have been obtained for
most kinds.
Speculation is languid all over the country. Even
Wall street is more iistless than usual during the sum
mer, and the recent events in South Africa, presum
ably favorable to a revival in financial business all over
the world, have failed to elicit any material response
from this mart. The public arc still shy and indiffer
ent, and the professionals have the field exclusively to
themselves. The best demand is for sound, dividend
paying bond?, and these have sold well for some
months. Indeed, this demand has been so con
tinuous that it is said that supplies of these securities
zxe now smaller than for a number of years. The
investors of the country are evidently after steady
interest instead of quick returns or. stock markets.
THE direct cost to Great Britain of
the present war with the Boers up to
the end of March is some $320,000,000,
the cheapest in money in her history,
considering the number of men put in the
field and the distance to which they had
to be transported.
In the American war of Independence
Great Britain expended $605,000,000.
The wars with France, beginning in 1793
and lasting with but little intermission
until ended by Waterloo, cost her $4,155.
000,000. The whole cost of the Napoleonic
wars to France was J230.000.000. In the
Crimean war Great Britain put 97i000 men
in the field and the cost to her was $345,
000,000, not much more than the present
war up to date.
France sent 310.000 to the Crimean
war at a cost jof $495,000,000. Great Britain
lost 27.000 men from battle and disease
from 93,000 and Russia nearly half of the
SS0.000 which she mustered on the shores
of the Black Sea. The American Civil
war cost the Federal Government $3,700,
000,000 in money and 350,000 men, while the
loss In life to the Confederates was some
300,000 more.
According to a report recently Issued by
the Bureau of Ordnance at Washington
the'eost of the ammunition used in de
stroying the Spanish fleet In Manila Bay
was $45,000, while the destruction of Cer
vera's fleet off Santiago cost $100,000.
.While Queen Victoria's long reign is ac
counted one of the most glorious and
peaceful in English history, it is a matter
of fact that throughout the whole sixty
three years since she ascended the throne
there has never been a time when her war
dogs have all been in the leash. The first
Afghan war was the event of her acces
sion to the throne, as the present Boer
war is probably of the close of her reign,
while twenty-eight other distinct wars,
ranging over every quarter of the globe.
Including the Crimean war, have filled up
the Interval.
With conflicts impending In China and
on the Afghan border Great Britain has
never been so well prepared before to
meet the situation. Her total force in
South Africa, now numbers more than
220,000 seasoned troops, three times as
many as she ever before put in a foreign
field at any time.
Interesting Figures Taken
From Recent Official
Reports
BRITISH WARS
AND THEIR COST
mANT shameful stories have coma
from the Philippines of soldiers
who have deserted the American
colors to accept commissions in
the Filipino army, but there ia no
record of the capture and formal execu
tion cf any of these traitors. Pos
sibly the average person thinks that th'a
condition of affairs is due to lack of dili
gence on the part of the American troops,
or that they are soft-hearted over the de
livery to the authorities of their former
comrades. Lieutenant C. A. Beale. recent
ly arrived here, who had command of the
scouts in General Lawton's flying bri
gade that swept the Island of Luzon last
December, finds a much better reason,
however, for the failure of the American
troops to capture these renegades. He In
timates that when traitors are caught
they are summarily executed by their
captors.
"When we were on that trip," he said,
"we frequently heard stories oi former
American soldiers who were leaders in
the insurgent army, and quite as often the
names of the traitors were mentioned. Tho
temptations to desert were always great,
for the insurcents were willing to mako
majors and colonels of our private sol
diers and gave them plenty of money and
authority. The insurgents who came into
our lines boasted of this, and It made our
boys so mad that it was difficult to keep
them in camp, so anxious were they to
hunt down the traitors.
"One nieht we were so close to the
enemy's trenches that we could hear their
conversation. The commanding officer
was an American, nnd we could hear his
orders, given in English in a load ton©
of voice. More than that, the boys were
certain they could recognize the voica a3
that of a man who had disappeared from;
camp some time before and was supposed
to have been captured. Of course, they
were wild. A scattering fire
being kept up all along tho
line. When the voice of. tha
American was distinguished in the insur
gent trenches the firing on our side began
in volleys, and they were directed at
whatever place the voice was heard
Every man In the line was trying to hit
that traitor. I think he became aware
that he was a target, for sometimes, after
a volley, he would laugh loiw and loudly.
Toward morning we heard no more of
him, and I do not know whether he was
hit or simply retired for the night It
was with difficulty that I kept the boys
from storming the insurgent trenches.
"Although I have never witnessed such'
a sight, I have frequently heard that
when an American was cornered In tha
insurgent trenches he was shown no
quarter. I never heard of that kind of a
prisoner. It is n.y belief that the boys
always considered that when a traitor
was caught red-handed It was their duty
to punish him without waiting for thq
formality of a court-martial."
Why Renegades Are
Not Captured.
Lieutenant Beale Explains
DESERTERS TO
THE FILIPINOS
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
CLOTH AND TAFFETAS DRESS.
The jacket and lower part of the skirt
of the dress represented are in nasturtium
colored cloth, the rest in white ground
taffetas, with nasturtium colored pattern.
The fichu collar is draped and stitched,
and the jacket is a rounded habit. The
front is of string colored lace, frilled.
THE FENCE ADVERTISING NUISANCE.
WHEN the Supervisors to-day resume consider
ation of the ordinance fixing the limit of height
to be permitted to fences used for advertising
purposes they will doubtless bear clearly in mind the
protests and the arguments which have been repeat
edly urged before the board and before the commit
tee having the matter in charge against permitting
such fences to exceed ten feet in height. That being
so it is reasonable to assume action will be no longer
postponed, but that the issue will be settled as the
majority of the people desire and as public interests
demand.
It is known that fence advertising has been carried
to the extent of a public nuisance all over the United
States, and that in all thickly settled localities it has
been found necessary to impose restrictions upon it.
In large cities, such as San Francisco, the nuisance
works an injury to the owners of property adjoining
the lots on which the high fences are erected, and
constitutes a menace to the bodies and to the lives of
those who in the transaction of their daily business
have to pass beneath them. It is therefore as a pro
tection to property and as a protection to person that
the public demands a restriction limiting advertising
fences to a height not exceeding ten feet in any patt
of the city; and it may be added they should not be
permitted at all upon crowded thoroughfares.
The advertising fence is one of the worst offenses
against the growing artistic taste and public spirit of
the American people. It is a survival of the
time when communities were indifferent to what sort
of appearance their thoroughfares presented. Since
the introduction of a finer order of street architecture
and the use of plate-glass windows permitting a dis
play along the streets of the most beautiful fabrics
and the costliest articles of luxury, there has arisen a
sense of revolt against a further toleration of those
glaring, flaring, coarse and gaudy posters which when
pasted upon walls and fences along the streets go
far to mar all the fine effect of the architecture and
the window decoration. Such unsightly and often
dirty objects should not be permitted upon our prin
cipal streets under any circumstances, and when tho
injury they inflict upon adjoining property and the
danger they impose upon the public are taken into
consideration, it becorries equally clear that even upon
the less crowded streets they should not be per
mitted to exceed a limit that reason sustains. Ten
feet in height affords ample space for such fences. No
more should be granted.
out their missionaries the Roman prece
dent was followed by them? and has been
| followed until to-day. That is one reason
| why China has been backward in chang-
I ing the joss-house fur the church.
I • • •
i All this, however, would not account for
the murderous attacks on the missiona
ries which have made the very name of
China an abomination. The masses of tho
people in that country are steeped in ig
norance. They are easily influenced by
their intelligent and educated countrymen.
The latter have been at very great pains
to instill into the minds of the vulgar an
intense hatred for the white preachers of
the gospel. They influence the passions
of the villagers by telling th^m that tho
missionaries adopt Chinese children for
purposes of witchcraft. Orphan asylum*
founded by the missionaries, they say.
art- osed as covers to conceal the mtirrier
of the little one?, whose bodies are cut up
to obtain certain parts very valuable to
the witch doctor. A3 the belief that soma
organs of the body are very potent in>
magical operatlor.3 Is a popular superstl
! tion with the Chinese, it is easy to sea
how readily the cultured among them can
¦ impose on their simpler fellows by usins
. so powerful a lever as this.
In the society of the Boxers the educat
ed Chinese found an efficient instrument
with which to vent their hate for the In
dustrious missionaries. Boxers 13 the new
name for the Society of the Great or
Strong Sword (in Chinese Ta Too Why).
Its members kill and loot foreigners and
natives without discrimination on the*
Slightest provocation, and oftentimes on
no provocation at all. Occasionally a
Boxer is executed by the order of the pro
vincial Governor, but these punishments
are only half-hearted affairs, which. in
view of the proverbial disdain of death,
common among Chinese, have little effect.
Something more than diplomatic protests
will probably be rece=?ary before Euro
pean and American missionaries will b«
perfectly safe in China.— Chicago Times
Herald.
quiet, peace-loving fellow who abhors a
fight. He is not warmly wedded to hir.
religion, as is the Hindoo. He would as
soon profess Christianity as Buddhism <ir
Confucianism. He has no quarrel witii
the Christian missionary because of that
functionary's doctrines or because of his
desire to let the light of the gospel shine
in China. The enmity of the yeilow man
for the missionary lies in the almost in
fane regard in which the Chinese hoM
their dead ancestors. The Chinese will
listen unmoved to any denunciation of his
religion; but a word in derogation of his
beloved dead rouses within him a fiend
that stops at nothing.
For ages the Chinese have followed a
funerary practice which has been helJ in
more reverent esteem than the pigt&il.
When a man dies his son dedicates to his
memory a tablet of wood upon which are
inscribed the words "Spirit Lcrd" and
"Spirit .Throne." After burial this taUct
is taken home, pet up in a specially pre
pared' place, and the eldest son, morning
and evening, for the mourning period of
three years, sets before it offerings to the
soul of the dead man. This custom is not
religious any more than is, the Christian
custom of strewing flowers on the graves
of the departed. It is only the peculiar
fashion in which the Chinese honor the
memory of their ancestors. And. strange ,
as It may seem, this custom has stood
between Christianity and the millions of
China for two centuries.
"When the early Catholic missionaries j
went to the Celestial kingdom they found I
its people apparently worshiping a slab of j
wood. Ready to listen to all suggestions j
from the missionaries in other matters,
the Chinese drew the line at. giving up
this particular act of homage to their |
dead. The soldiers of the cross were puz- j
zled. Uncertain as to whether or not the
tablet worship was idolatry, they ap
pealed to Rome and the judgment or the
Pope was adverse. To be a Christian the }
Chinese must give up the memorial tab-,
let. When, later, the other churches sent j
T| EPEATED and apparently irrepres
neible atrocities perpetrated upon
Christian missionaries in China by
the society of "Boxers" have at last
taken on a political aspect, and will prob
ably lead up to a precipitate settlement of
the open-door^. question, although in an
indirect manner. "Unless the authorities
at Peking display more willingness or
ability to protect foreigners than they
have shown thus far the governments of
civilized nations will be comnellcd to take
a.»airs into their own hands. Once that
this step is made there will probably be
an end of both "Boxers" and of the
"Chinese Question."
? • •
The Thug Society, whose unspeakable
deeds have horrified the Christian people
of two continents, is said to have a mem
bership running: up into the millions. The
scene of its present outrages 1$ the mari
.,tlnpej:pppyinco'of Shantung," which lies
south' of 'ihe'Chinese capital. clty.v;Shan
tung hasVan area ' of E6,0f,'0 square miles,
almost the exact size of the State r of Il
linois. Packed within this space la a pop
ulation of not less than 25.000,000 subjects
of the EmDeror. These figures indicate
against what odds our Christian mission
aries have to contend.
• • *
When and where the Society of Boxers
was organized Is not known. But we are
certain that it was not originated for the
purpose of slaughtering "foreign devils,"
the name bestowed on Europeans by the
Chinese. The society was first called the
"Brotherhood of the Strong Sword," and
its object was the extirpation of native
robbers. But this admirable motive was
corrupted . by wicked men within the
organization, and of recent years Its ma
chinery has been turned against nil
Europeans, and especially against ml3-
Honaries. This fact is due to certain un
alterable prejudices, beliefs and customs
of the Chinese on one hand, and to the
deliberate lies and slanders of the edu
cated natives on the other.
* • «
Take him all around, the Chinese «s a
MONDAY .- . JUNE 4, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communica-.ions to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. Mnrket find Third. 5. F.
Telephone Malu 18<W.
EDITORIAL KOOMS....217 to 221 SlfTeniOB St.
Telephone Slain 1S74.
Dellrered by Cnrrlern. 15 Cents Per Week.
Mncle Copie*. 5 Cent*.
Termi Iiy Mall. Including Postage:
r>ArLT CALL Sunday), one year J*.W
IJAILT CAI.li Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALLr-I?y Single Month CSe
6CVDAY CALL Or.e Year ~ 1- M
WEEKLY CALL Or.e Year • 1-W
All poitmanlera are nnthorizetl to receive
poliKfrliitinn*.
Sample ecpie* «rfH be forwarded ¦when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadway
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Fore gn Advertising, Marquette Building. Chicago.
(Ucrig Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON „ Heraid Square
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Hou»; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
rrejiicnt Hcuse; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SWiTH 30 Tribune Building
NETV TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. iSrerAano. SI Union Square:
Murray 11AI Hotel.
WASHINGTON ID. C.\ OFFICE Wellington Hote
MORTON fc. CRANE, Correspondent.
DnA\rHOFFirK«_K; Montgomery, corner of Clay. cp<»n
TJtrtl! 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, ipen until 9:30 o'clock. VT.
McAllister. op»n until 8:30 o'clock. 615 I^arkln. open mxtfl
S:30 o'clock. IM1 Mission, open until 30 o'clock. 22C1 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 10S6 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 306 Elfvcnth. open until 9 o'clock. XW cor
ner T»euty titilnl and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
THE DECAY OF CHINA.
I T is little less than amusing to see the reasons rc-
I cently given for a belief that China is in decline
j and decay. In the first place, it is said that the
Celestial empire is falling into pieces because the Chi
nese object to the presence of Americans and other
1 foreigners among them. Long columns of high wis
j dom on this text are being written and published in
the United States and Germany. To object to for
eigners of a different race, coming among them to
save their souls or do anything more or less material,
is regarded as a reason for the immediate partition of
China, or the occupancy of her territory by allies, who
! are allies only because they cannot trust each other.
But while in this country and in Germany the writers
j write of this sign of decay in China, we are casting
j r.bout for more rigid means to make good and enforce
j our own objection to the presence here of foreigners
i from China. If that be a sign of dqcay we have been
j decaying for the last twenty years. We have not only
I mildly forced China into treaties to exclude her people
I from this country but we have passed all sorts of laws,
local and Federal, to the same end. In vacation time,
when we have not been inventing and setting up legal
• traps and tricks to keep out these objectionable for
} cigners. we have been killing them in California,
i Colorado and Wyoming, and in that way, by mob vio
• lence, we have killed twenty Chinese foreigners to
i one white foreigner killed by mobs in China. It is
I laughable that, with all this so recent in our history,
and much of it current, contemporary and every-day
matter, we should be uttering wisdom on the decay of
i China as proved by the objection of that unenlight
ened people to the presence of foreigners!
The next reason given for the decay of China is the
I reported persecution of native Chinese for religion's
sake. It is even said that our Government has pro
\ tested against this because the victims are Christians.
; We beg to respectfully submit that our Government
I is not a protector of the Christian religion in any of
its forms. Indeed, ours is not a Christian government
at all. It is a secular government and not the pro
tector of any form of religion, Christian or otherwise.
We are seldom without some form of religious perse
cution at home. Not long ago a Jew Mayor of Savan
nah had to stand between Catholics and A. P. A.
Protestants to keep them from slitting each other's
throat. Within a year Mormon missionaries- have
been hunted out of several American States, glad to
escape the vengeance of their pursuers and in some
cases clad in neat-fitting but uncomfortable suits of
tar and feathers.
If China is occasionally spitting a native Christian
on a bamboo skewer, wh} r is that any more a sign of
her decay than our Mormon chasing is a sign of our
decay? A Christian is just as offensive to China as a
Mormon is to our orthodox Christian taste.
Professional hypocrisy is doing a large business in
the world at this time. One of its manifestations :s
this outbreak of holy horror about the internal condi
tion of China. In this country we exclude Chinese
and mob Mormons, and in German}' the weather has
not washed out the tracks of the Poles, expelled and
marched out by Bismarck as objectionable foreigners,
and yet we are astounded and pained to learn that
poor, old, broken China objects to foreigners and in
her decay indulges in religious persecution as a pas
time!
The Western world has made other mistakes about
China and Japan. The late Marquis Tseng, in com
menting on the opposition everywhere to Chinese as
objectionable foreigners, said: "China voluntarily
isolated herself and desired to remain isolated. She
did not force herself upon the West. But the Western
nations used force to open China to the world, with
out seeming to reflect that they also opened the
world to China."
A little more of the "look before you leap" states
manship would be a good thing. The United States
sent Commodore Perij' to open Japan to the world,
snd he did it. Japan is just now returning the favor
by considering that Commodore Perry's can-opener
worked both ways, and opened the United States to
Japan. We did not think of that forty years ago,
when we ordered Japan to open her door or we would
shoot a hole through it. But we are reminded of it
now, when we find it necessary to close our own door
to Japan. We were under the glamor of the great
trade we hoped to get from Japan, but it is now shown
to be probable that the invasion of this country bv
Japanese in large numbers will take from us in five
years more than all the profit on- our Japanese trade
from the beginning.
But not many here and in Europe seem to be im
pressed by the fact that China is actuated against for
eigners by exactly the same motives that impel the
Western nations to exclude Chinese and will soon
make them exclude Japanese also. It is self-preserva-"
tion, and a natural feeling that the different races
would better stay in the place where nature planted
them. But when we act upon that principle it is
statesmanship; when China does the same it is a sign
of decay!
cess, then of course hydrsulicking will not be resumed
there and will not be resumed at all until the success
or failure of the experiment which promises so well
has been demonstrated. The first benefits come to the
farmers. The California Miners' Association has ex
pended $1000 to assist in this matter. That is an indi
cation of our faith in the success of the plan. If fail
ure is the result about $1,000,000 of the people's money
will have been lost, but we do not believe that there
will be a failure. The capacity of the expansion of the
proposed settling basin to hold the lighter material is
practically unlimited."
It will be seen that the plan provides first for the
improvement' of the rivers and the protection of the
farmers of the river counties, and not until those in
terests have been assured can it be determined how
far hydraulic mining may be carried on above the
impounding dams. It is therefore gratifying to learn
the California Miners' Association has faith in th>
plan. It is to be hoped the faith will be justified by
the results obtained. "Unlicensed .or. indiscriminate.,
hydraulic mining" is of course, not to be expected^
nor is it desirable, but we may reasonably expect the
works to prove sufficiently efficacious to admit of con
siderable mining not permitted at present.
ORGANIZED MURDER IN CHINA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 4, '' 1900.
4
Cal. glace fruit 50c per fb atTownsend'a.«
Now ready. July styles Standard pat-
terns. Domestio- office, 1021 Market St. •
Look out for 81 4th street (5c barber,
grocer); best eye-glass: specs. 10c to 40a <•
Special information supplied dally ta
business houses and public men by tfca
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mor.u
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cameras, photographic supplies, books
on photography and books for unmounted
photographs. Printing and developing
done In the latest styles. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
« ? ¦
InlSS9 Japan had less than- 1000 miles)
of railways. In 1S9S the mileage was
3420, while the lines under construction
and chartered will bring the figure op ta
AUCTION SALES.
By Chs** & Mcndenhall— Mondar. Juae 4. at 1~2 Market
etreet. Horses.
By W. G. Layng— Monday. June 4. at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
vTl Howard etreet. •
AMUSEMENTS.
Alrazar— '•?aiiho."
Orjiheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "When "We Were Twectjr-one."
California— "A Rag Baby."
Tlvoli— "The Three Guardsmen."
Olyir.pia, corner Masoa and EdiJr streets— SDeclaltiee.
Chuiee. Zoo ami Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venin^r.
Fischer's — "Aifia" and "M'gnon."
Sutro Baths— Open nlchts.The annual service of the Cathedral
Mission of the Good Samaritans was held
in the Mission Chapel at. Folsora and
Second streets yesterday. A report of the
work Was reau by the officers. It showed
a remarkable advancement in the charita
ble affairs of the institution. A library
has been established in connection with
the mission, and the homo for boys sit
uated in a building adjoining was shown
to have sheltered many youths.
A sermon written by Rev. W. I. Kip.
the founder of the ¦ mission, was read by
his secretary, owing to the author's ill
ness. Its title was "Stability and Expan
sion," that being the motto of the In
stitution. Two persons were specially
confirmed. Services were held in the
evening s also. The ml-sion . is conducted
by the Episcopal church.
Good Samaritan.
Annual Services Conducted Under the
Auspices of a Branch of the
REPORTS OF MISSION
SHOW ADVANCEMENT
There Is But One BTJDWEISEB
And that is the product of the Anheuser-Busch
Brewing Ass'n. It leads other beers in quality
and output-over half a billion bottles of the
original having been consumed by a discrimin
ating-public. E. G. Lyons Co., Wholesale
Dealers, San Francisco. Cal. .
tions.
There was a'signlflcant meeting of the
citizens of the northern section of the city
last Saturday night, the object of which
was to devise some means by which their
districf.could be ridden of some of its un
worthy. Inhabitants. \ .
For' some time there have been petty
depredations upon property, particularly
along the water front, until it has become
unsafe for a man to leave even the small
est article of value unprotected. A com
mittee had been appointed at a previous
meeting and It made its report Saturday
evenrng.- The report was that special
counsel had been engaged and that the
hoodlum element, which is not largo but
is very active, would-be run to earth and
prosecuted with a vigor unusual in the
police' courts. There is one particular
gangr known as the "North Beach JMattu,"
to which ,the -particular attention of the
prosecutors will be turned. The members
of . this -gang,- it ¦ was ; announced to the
meeting, will take .: anything from a foot
of lead pipe to a ton of coal or the rigging
of -a- luckless fishing: boat too near tho
wharf. . i
Special Officer Carter has been retained
by the citizens to look up the members of
the gang. He submitted the names of
several : who needed the consideration of
the courts and there will be no time lost
in seeing that they, get it. Several of
them' have been up before, and more than
one is > at large on probation. They will
be: brought up again and this time there
will be no leniency shown.
Tired of Petty Depreda-
Citizens of the Northern Section Are
WOULD CLEAN OUT
ALL THE HOODLUMS
RIGHT in the heart of the famine
stricken district of Rajputana, In
dia, a California girl in risking her
life daily to bring rsllef to thou
sands (of victims of starvation and dis
ease. Miss Lilian Marks left San Fran
cisco ,for India In January, 1894, goln.? as
assistant teacher and trained nurse to tho
Girls' High School at Cawnpore. It had
always been a dream of Miss Marks' life
to be a foreign missionary, so it was but
natural that she should very rapidly de
veloD Into a most active worker in that
field.
Miss Marke was born near Cambria in
San Luis Obispo County, and. Is one of"
twin girls, the daughters of M. C. Marks,
now a resident of San Jose. She attended
the public schools until 1&S7, when she en
tered the State Normal School at San
Jose. After a year and a half at tha
Normal M13S Marks went to the Woman's
Hospital and Training School for Nurses
in this city to prepare herself for the
missionary, work that she had in view.
Sines Miss Mark3 has been in India, to
which place she was sent by the Pacific
Woman's Foreign Missions of the Metho
dist church, she has been through the
heart-rending experiences of two famines,
and her letters from AJmere, where she
is now stationed, to frie id*» here are full
of pitiful incidents and stirring appeal*
for help for her starving people. In a let
ter U»-l>r. Beard of Grace M. E. Church
she says:
"Hundreds of starving men, women and
children, with death written on their
faces, may be seen any day, and, oh, the
awful cry "Bhuk se marte!" (.1 am dying of
hunger; rings over and over in my ears,
even when 1 He down to rest. Sometimes
my own food almost chores me. Fifty
families are being kept alive by helping
to build the new school."
In another letter she writes: "Rajpu
tana, containing a population ot 12,000,000,
is one of the worst stricken areas.
Thousands of homeless, naked and starv
ing ones wander- about . from ¦ village to
village in search of work, water and food.
Conditions are growing steadily, worse.
Horrible stories come to us from eye-wit
nesses of bodies devoured by
vultures, jackals and dogs. The
grain market is thronged with these hu
man birds, plcKing out of the dirt every
grain that falls, and even gathering • ma
nure to wash /from it the undigested
grains. I have seen dogs carry children,
already partly eaten, in their mouths.":
Much more in the same strain might be
quoted, showing the heroic work that
Miss Marks has undertaken. • Mrs.' Marian
Taylor, 224 East Sixteenth street, • East
Oakland,' is an active worker of the Wo
man's Foreign Missions and through. pri-'
vate donations has been enabled to send
Miss Marks $4250 since . January . of this
yeax. Fifteen dollars will take care of
one orphan, and there are millions . of
Members of George H. Thomas Post,
Q. A. B., Pay a Visit to
Their Comrades.
The veteran soldiers at the Yountvllle
Home were pleasingly entertained yester
day by George H. Thomas Post, G. A. R..
the members of which left this city yes
terday morning at 8 o'clock. The party
comprised 200 persons, who on arriving at
Yountvllle were met by the home band,
under the leadership of Musician Bradley.
At the home an informal reception was
held in the assembly hall, after which ad
journment was . taken to dinner, over
which Colonel George Waltz presided. Im
promptu speeches were delivered by Com
rades Charles Holbrook Bllnn, Major Vin
ing. Adjutant Graham and others Among
those seated at the table were William J.
Ruddick, Colonel Loop, Superintendent of
Schools Reginald H. Webster, Dr. George
Keablcs, Dr. H. McAllister, Dr. Hawkins
of St. Helena, Miss Maud Benson, Colonel
Benson, Mrs. Graham and M. Colmaniel.
A select programme was afterward ren
dered in the assembly hall by talented
members of the visiting party. The in
mates.of the home, to the number of sev
eral hundred, were present ami enjoyed
the following numbers: Friedlander broth
ers, in a sketch entitled "The Musical
.Mokes"; recitation. "Roger and I," Mrs.
"Holbrook-Blinn; legerdemain, • by Pro
fessor.J. Warren Keane; selected sSngs,
J. Wheaton Leonard; songs, "Don't You
Cry, My Honey" and "Fleur de Lls," Os
car S. Frank, who responded to several
encores; operatic selections, Charles
Dauphin, formerly a member of the Em
ma Abbott opera company. The Yount
vllle Home orchestra, consisting of seven
pieces, played a number of selections, un
der Musician Bradley, who was formerly
leader of the Tennessee regiment band.
After the regular programme the enter
tainers sang for the paralytic ward, and
a special concert was given for the sick
veterans in the hospital. Among the lat
ter was Robert Davis, who has just passed
his ninety-second birthday. The inmates
will long remember the day as one of the
pleasantest ever enjoyed by them.
VETERANS ENTERTAINED
AT YOUNTVILLE HOME
them in Rajputana, for a year. Miss
Marks occasionally breaks down unoer
her arduous labors, but as soon as her
health permits -ahe is at it again, heart
and soul. In her latest letter she
affirms that she would "count It a privi
lege to give her life for India's redemp
tion." An aunt of MIhs Marks, Mrs. S. L
Canham, lives at 236 Shotwell street in
this city.
realized. Among thosa who will take part
are the following named: Mrs. J. s. Ber
minRham and Miss Margaretha E.
Bruntsch, contraltos; Miss Alma Ber
glund and Miss Susie Hert-Mark. sopra
nos; Homer Henley, barytone; Clarence
Wendell, tenor; W. J. Hynes. comedian;
Professor Marquardt, violinist, and the
Knickerbocker Quartet.
On Tuesday evening there will be a par
ty for about fifty of the boys under the
care of the Silent Workers in the parlors
of the Grand Hotel, tc which the public
is invited. A special invitation has been
issued to about a dozen messenger boys, 1
who have given their cervices to the soci
ety free of charge. Each of the boys will
receive a box of candy, donated by the
Emporium, and two pretty pocket hand
kerchiefs. The latter will be given by
the White House, Joe Rosenberg and i.
Magnin & Co.
The headquarters of the organization is
at 92S Harrison street— Sunshine Hail
where -eix young lady teachers and one
trained r.urse are employed the year
around to look after the children. In ad
dition ,to this the children are given fresh
air outings through the summer months.
The work has grown to such proportions
that it has been thought best to now in
vite the public to contribute toward it.
Mrs. Marian Bartlett Sheppard, who re
cently came here from the East and has
taken great interest in the labors of this
society, is arranging a grand concert, to
be held at Sherman & Clay's Hall on the
evening of the 21st inst.. In which some of
the best musical talent of the city will
take part. Already the sale of tickets
has gone beyond the $200 mark, and it Is
expected that twice that amount will be
Copyright, 1900; by Seymour Eaton.
A unique episode in the political history
is the career of the American or Know-
Nothing party. It was a secret, oath
bound, nameless order— nameless even to
Its members until they had reached the
higher degrees In the lodge. Its nomina
tions were made by conventions of dele
cates from various lodges, secretly held
and of absolute binding authority upon all
members of the order. No pubUc an
nouncements were made 33 to the candi
dates. Sometimes they were chosen from
the most acceptable names on the ticket.!
of the great parties, and the calculations
of the party managers were often mys
teriously brought to naught, and elections
were decided in a surprising manner by
an unknown, incalculable force, dread
ed by both Whigs and Democrats.
The causes of the rise of this curious
order may be traced back almost to the
auoption of the constitution, to the time
when the line of division between Federal
ists and Republicans began to be affected
by the character and temper of the im
migrants -who came from Europe. Many
of these were exiles from their own Janil
as unfriendly to its government. Thoy
were naturally attracted most strongly to
the Republican or Democratic party, and
naturally also a disposition to resent alien
influence in American politics sained
strength among the Federalists. The alien
In 182S a New York man named William
Morgan threatened to publish a book
which he had written exposing the
secrets of the Order of Freemasons.
Shortly after he disappeared and was
never again heard of. There was wide
spread excitement. The leading Free
masons of the region were freely charged
with having conspired for Morgans
abduction and murder. Nothing was
ever proved, but the strong feeling arous
ed took a political aspect. A large anti-
Masontc vote was cast at local elections
against candidates who were Masons.
Bv 1S30 the anti-Masons had absorbed or
displaced the National Republican party
in New York. Among the prominent anti-
Masons were Thurlow Weed. William H.
Sewhrd and Millard Fillmore. The new
party spread and gathered considerable
force in some of the other States and in
1831 it took the field as a national or
ganization. Its national convention of
that year was the first in our history.
By nominating William Wirt of Maryland
for President the anti-Masons hoped to
prevent the nomination of Clay by the
National Republicans The result of the
election was to give the anti-Masons the
electoral vote of Vermont only. They
p ayed some further part in State politics
in one or two States, but never again fig
ured in national affairs. Most of them
went into the Whig party, which they
were able to Influence in tne campa gn of
1S40 so far as to defeat the nomination of
Clay and force that of Harrison.
The history of the anti-Masonic party
illustrates the impossibility of etfecuyely
maintaining a national party organization
upon the narrow basis of u -Ingle iaea , not
vitally ¦ connected with broad political
principles.
The "Americans", or "Know-Noth
ings."
The Anti-Masons.
These are all factional names originating
in New York. The "Hunkers" are some
times identified with "Bucktails"—mean
ing those opposed to the canal system
hut such an application of the title is
retrospective rather than exact, for the
name did not come into use until about
1844. It was applied to the conservative
Democrats, representing, says Professor
Johnston, "the inertia of the party" and
opposed to the "Barn-burners," who were
the radicals. The name is believed to have
come from the Dutch word "houk. sta
tion or home, and so stands for the stay
at-home Democrats, who opposed changes.
Professor von Hoist, however, derives It
from "hanker." as indicating the greedi
ness of the faction for the spoils of of
fice
The "Barn-burners" were the extrem
ists who would burn down the building
to get rid of the rats They followed
Van Buren as their leader and with him
most of them went into the Free boil
party in 1S4S. _• ..
Into these two factions the Democratic
party was more and more widely split
during the years from 1844 to 1848 The
division was apparently healed In 1So2. but
reappeared almost immediately, the HunK
ers calling themselves the "hards or
"hardshells," while their opponents were
known as "softs> The line of separa
tion was drawn Jhlefly with reference to
the slavery question. This factional dis
integration of the Democratic party gave
opportunity to the Whigs, who elected
their State ticket in 1SS4. and the Demo
crats of New York did not regain a ma
jority untH 1862.
As the Democratic party in New York
was split by the canal question and by
the slavery question, so also was It split
by the bank controversy during lv>3-39.
The "regular" Democrats, while opposing
the United States Bank, favored the char
tering of new State banks. The loco
focos" caled themselves the "equal rights
party" and opposed the giving of special
privileges to any incorporated bodies. The
name "loco foco" seemed to strike the
popular fancy and ere long became na
tional in its use as designating the radi
cal wing of the Democratic party and was
often used in a general way for the whole
PJ The" origin of the nickname is assigned
to the year 1S34, when at a stormy Demo
cratic meeting in Tammany Hall, New
York city, the regular Tammany Demo
crats turned out the gas and withdrew.
The other factidn were supplied with
candles, which they immediately lighted
with loco-foco (or friction) matches and
went on with their business.
The two branches of the party In New
York were brought together in 1S37 by the
skillful management of President v an
Buren, but for some ten years longer the
National Whig party persistently applied
the name "loco focos" to their opponents,
seeking thus to imply that the Democrats
were opposed to the moneyed Interests of
? Via rtAlintfV — "
Those in the New York Assembly most
strongly opposed to the Erie canal were
the Tammany members of the Republican
party from New York City. One of the
emblems of the Tammany society was a
buck's tail worn in the hat. and from that
came the name "Bucktall3," by which
they were commonly known. Durii..; the
canal controversy the term came to be ap
plied in a general way to all who opposed
the canal system.
The factions in New York parties always
tended to play an important part In what
are known as "third party" movements in
national politics. This was true in respect
to the wide question of internal improve
ments, but these local names have, strict
ly speaking, no place In national party
history.
Hunkers, Barn-Burners and Loco
Focos.
After the close of the war of 1812 the
Republicans of New York became divided
In respect to the construction of the Erie
canal. This was the form which tne pol
icy of internal improvements by the Gov
ernment took In New York, and to the
promotion of that enterprise De Witt Clin
ton devoted a large part of his public life.
His political followers were called "Clin
tonians" and the canil was derisively
named "Clinton's ditch." Hence those fa
voring the general theory of public im
provements are sometimes referred to as
Clintonians.
Clintonians and JBucktails.
Besides the two leading political parties
which have embraced the great body of
American voters little groups or coteries
of citizens desirous of inaugurating some
political or industrial or social reform, or
factions especially opposed to certain
measures or tendencies of the great par
ties, have sometimes assumed the name
and form of political parties. Occasionally
these have become powerful enough per
manently to influence, for good or ill. the
course of political history. More frequent
ly they have proved of little lasting con
sequence and have only strewn along the
current a series of grotesque or. temporar
ily significant names whose origin and
meaning have been soon forgotten. Some
of the earlier of these names crept into
national political history from the fac
tional strifes which very soon became
characteristic of New York politics, 'me
superior wealth and power of three great
families in that State introduced there as
in no other State a tendency among par
ties and factions to divide along family
and personal lines.
BY JESSE MACT, LL. D.
IX. MING5, PABTIES.
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
and sedition laws, passed In IT3S by ¦
Federalist Congress, illustrate thi3. In 1S33
to 1S37 a revival of the feeling against giv
ing political place and power to foreigners
was attempted in New York City, where
the foreign population was growing rapid
ly. For some years the idea of natlvism
as opposed to alienism figured more or
less in State and local politics in several
States, and led to occasional violence and
even bloodshed at the polls.
But It was not until about 1S32, when tho
sectional slavery agitation was becoming;
serious, that partisan jealousy of foreign
political influence, having assumed a now
form, began to take a decisive hand In
party struggles. The secret order was
variously designated. Its real name La
said to have been "The Son3 of '76, or tho
Order of the Star-Spang!ed Banner.' " but
it has enme down in history as the
"American", party, or more familiarly tho
"Know-Nothings." because its members
when questioned gave the invariable re
ply. "I don't know." The ends sought
came, ere Ions to be known as the placing
and fceeping of ail political power in tho
hand:* of native Protestant Americans.
and the making of opposition to Roman
Catholicism an issue in American politics.
Advocacy of these principles wa.s, of
course, strongest In the /"Whig party, for
the Democratic ranks were constantly
swelled by newly naturalized Immigrants,
many of whom were Catholics.
In the formation of the Republican
party in l!OJ those Whics who were un
willing to gn the length proposed by the
leaders of the new party in hostility to«
slavery saw nothing left for them hut to>
unite with the anti-alien party, which had
by that time accepted the name American.
It was only in the Middle and Southern
States that the "Americans" ever ac
quired much strength. in the South,
where native feeling was strong and tho
foreign element almost nil, it practically
took the place of the Whig party. Its tirst
appearance as a national party was in
lj£ti. when u secret convention adopted an
imposing platform and an open conven
tion nominated Millard Fillmore for Pres
ident. In the election which followed tho
eight electoral votes of Maryland were all
that went to the ambitious American par
ty, though the popular vote was S74.5S4.
Once more. In 1S60. the "Americans" went
into the Presidential campaign, and then
disappeared, having shown, as Horace
Creeley said, "about as many of the ele
ments of persistence as an anti-cholera OC
an antit-potato rot party would have."
The Liberty and Free Soil Parties.
The American Anti-Slavery Society be
came divided about 1833 into two sections
over the question of political action. The»
Garrisonian abolitionists refused to recog
nize or to have any relations with a nation
al government whose constitution mad a
compromises with the iniquitous system c«f
slavery. The more moderate wing favored
political methods of working against the
evil, and urged the nominaton and sup
port of abolitionists for office. A conven
tion of these seceders. as they were called,
met at Albany in 1S40, and named them
selves the Liberty party and nominated
James G. Birney for the Presidency. Al
though he declined the honor, soma 700O
votes were nevertheless cast for him at
the election. In 1S44 Birney was again tho
nominee of the Liberty party, and re
ceived 62.300 votes — enough, it will be re
membered, to defeat Clay and elect Polk.
Though the Liberty party held a con
vention in 1S47 and nominated candidates,
the political conditions of the next year
induced the leaders to abandon the organ
ization and join with the barn-burners to
form the Free Soil party. The new party
held a convention at Buffalo. Their chief
principle, as promulgated in the preamble
to their long platform, was declared to
be the securing of "free soil to free peo
ple," and they avowed a determined hos
tility to any further extension of slavery.
The vote cast for the Free Soil candidate
was 201.2S3. nearly all being from the free
States. Both of the old parties were more
or less surprised and demoralized, and tbu a
Whig candidate was elected.
The compromises of 1S30 were reJecbM
by the Free Soilers. and in 1SG2 they took
the name of "Free Democracy," and
nominated John P. Hale and George "W.
Julian. Their platform denuonced both
Whigs and Democrats as each one wing
" of the great slave compromise party of,
the nation." The vote polled was but a
little more than half that of tho preced
ing campaign.
Before another Presidential election
both Whigs and Free Soilers. or Frea
Democrats, had disappeared from Con
gress. The party has a history of only
about five years. At the end of that
time it helped to form the Republican
party.
Note — This paper concludes th« first
course in the history cf American political
parties. An examination upon this courso
will be published on Monday. June 1L
PRIZES DISTRIBUTED
BY FRENCH ALLIANCE
Public School Pupils Who Save Stu
died the Language Are Hand
somely Rewarded.
The annual distribution of prizes to
French pupils in the public schools was
held yesterday afternoon at Native Sons"
Hall under the auspices of the Alllanco
Francaise, an association authorized by
the government of France to promote tho
study of the language throughout tha
world. The San Francisco society em
ploys twelve teachers of French in the
public schools under special authority
from the Board of Education, and during
the past year over 300 pupils have taken
advantage of the opportunity offered to>
study French. Each of these pupils re
ceived yesterday from the society a pres
ent of a handsome book.
Incidental to the distribution of prizes
there was a general meeting of the so
ciety, during which a literary and musical
programme waa carried out ¦which served
to illustrate the progress made by tho
pupils. M. J. Lambra. president of tho
Alliance, presided and made a neat
speech. Among the guests was Command
er Germluet of the French cruiser Protet.
now in port, and the members of his
staff. The following named took part In
the presentation of the one-act comedy
that was part of the afternoon's enter
tainment: Katherlne Lindsay. Slgne Ol
sen. Antoinette Keyston. Ethel Atkinson,
Marguerite Eergez and Viola Ba«itralupL.
FUNERAL SERVICES OF
EX-SUPERIOR JUDGE
Remains of Walter H. Levy Laid at
Rest Yesterday in Home of
Peace Cemetery.
The funeral of Judge "Walter H. Levy,
who expired last Thursday, took placa
from his late residence at 2409 Jackson
street yesterday morning. The simple and
beautiful ceremony of the Masonic Order
was gone throueh. after 'which the body
was consigned to tne grave. The cere
monies were conducted under the auspices
of Doric Lodge, F. and A. M. Judge Robert
Ferral delivered the funeral oration. He
spoke on the career of the deceased and.
paid a tribute to his acts, both publics
and private.
The pallbearers were: Hon. T. B. Mc-
Farland. Judge John Hunt. Hon. Robert
Ferral. D. I?. Wolf. Henry Ach. C. L.
Ackerman. Stephen Potter and Judge Wil
liam \V. Craig-. The interment took plac-i
In Home of Peace Cemetery. The floral
tributes were many and beautiful. A
large number of friends were present,
Maimed for JAfe.
Policeman John Phelan. who had hta
left foot so badly crushed in the collision
between an electric car and a cable car
at Ellis and Larkin streets early yes
terday morning that It had to be ampu
tated, was taken from the Receiving Hos
pital to St. Mary's Hospital yesterday
morning. He is suffering greatly from
the shock to his system. William Leland.
the motorman, and 9. S. Stearns, the con
ductor of the electric car, were booked
on a charge of battery and released on $3)
cash ball each. "sr^B
In St. Mary's Cathedral solemn high
mass was celebrated at 11 a. m. by Rev.
Father Ramm, with Rev. Father Hannl
g.m as deacon and Rev. Father O'Malley
ns sub-deacon. The regular choir, under
the direction of Organist R. J. Harrison,
intoned Mozart's "Twelfth Mass."
"The Apostles," said Father O'Ryan,
who preached the sermon, "were not equal
to the task of transforming and super
naturalizing human society after our di
vine I.iord left them to ascend Into heaven,
because^ they were weak and vacillating
men. with no learning. They were not
litted to accomplish the great mission left
to them by Chrl3t until Providence gave
them a means by v/hich they were ena
bled to teach the truths of the Catholic
religion. There came to them one day the
Holy Ghost in the form of hot tongues of
lire, and behold! the transformation was
complete. They became strong with the
strength of the Holy Ghost.
"Before this great miracle was visited
upon the apostles they had not light— now
they are enlightened by the light divine;
before, they spoke of things that were
human— now they discuss divine subjects
only. As they were transformed by the
Holy Ghost, so they in their turn trans
formed the world* They were clothed with
the power of working among the souls of
men and were prepared to conquer the
world. They went against the great pow
ers, amid the camps of soldiers, the pal
aces of princes and the halls of the
learned, and were victorious. They formed
a mighty kingdom which has lasted
through all time, that has achieved results
which cannot be attributed to human
agencies.
"Our voices should be raised in thanks
to Almighty God, who transformed the
apostles so that the whole world was
brought before the feet of Christ. Paga
ism, heresy and human passions have
succumbed to the superior power of the
kingdom, which became renovated and
strengthened through the influence of the
Hol/Ghost.
"On this great Feast of Pentecost we
should give thanks for the great favor of
being members of that great society, and
realize that the Holy Ghost has a mission
in ourselves. He dwells with each of us
who are sanctified by the sacraments of
baptism and confirmation, and gives us
the power of being sons of God. It is a
glorious inheritance and a precious legacy
left to us. and we should make resolutions
to harken to his voice and show ourselves
worthy of the great favor." -• '*-• -
Solemn high mass was celebrated in St.
Ignatius Church at 10:30 o'clock by Rev.
Father Allen, assisted by Rev. Father
Burkhardt as deacon and M. Ryan sub
deacon. Music was rendered by the choir
under the direction of Rev. Father Allen.
Rev Father Culligan was master of cere
monies. The sermon was preached by
Rev Father Chiappa. who took his text
.from the gospel of the day: "Paraclete—
Th™ Holy Ghost, whom the Father will
send in, my name. He will teach you all
th "Aiter the ascension into heaven." saJd
Father Chiappa. "the apostles felt liko
orphans bereft of their beloved father,
teacher, comforter and protector. But
to console them our beloved Redeemer
promised us the Paraclete, the HolyUhost,
who would teach us all things— another
protector who would endow them with his
own divine power and lead them under
his guidance to the conquest of the world,
to the conversion of the human race from
the darkness of paganism to the light of
faith and from the shadow of death to the
never-fading light of life eternal.
"The apostles, however, understood out
little of the meaning of his words, but;
dimly understood who the Holy Ghost
was and what wonders he had already
performed, but they soon realized his
wonderful power in endowing them with
great privileges. Christ was conceived
bv the Holy Ghost and born of the Virgin
Mary who is the immaculate spouse or
the spirit of God and the virgin mother of
our Savior, Jesus Christ. It was the
Holy Ghost that urged the apostles on io
action and to untiring zeal and persever
ance amid the countless hardships, fatigue
and privation which they met on all sides
in the faithful discharge of the mission
of preaching the gospel to all creation.
All saints, in fact, of the old and new dis
pensation are but mouthpieces of divine
grace which is poured into their souls by
the Holy Ghost."
The closing devotions for the month of
May were held in the evening. Rev.
Father Bell preached a sermon and the
services concluded with an act of conse-
Hieh mass was celebrated at St. Peter's
Church by Rev. Father Lyon. Rev. Father
Yorke was deacon and Rev. Father Mc-
Donnell sub-deacon. father \orke
preached a sermon In which he desig
nated the Feast of Penetcost as the an
niversary of the birthday of the Catholic
church because from the day the Holy
Ghost came down in tongues of fire on
the apostles the church began to advance
until now her communicants had reached,
tremendous proportions.
The blessing of the new baptismal font
In St Boniface Church took place at 7:15
o'clock yesterday morning with appro
priate cermonies. High mass was cele
brated at 8 o'colck with a sermon.
The Children of Mary and the Holy
Childhood Sodality received holy com
munion in a body at the 7:30 o'clock mass
in St Francis Church on \allejo street.
A solemn high mass was celebrated at
10-30 o'clock In St. Boniface Church and
special music was rendered by the choir.
The closing exercises of a very success
ful retreat were held in the evening by the
Young Ladies' Sodality. The services
concluded with a benediction of the
blessed sacrament and a reception of new
members.
The Feast of the Pentecost was cele
brated yesterday with solemn and im
pressive ceremonies in all the Catholic
churches throughout the city. The occa
sion is indicative of the scriptural narra
tive of the descent of the Holy Ghost in
fiery tongues upon the twelve apostles,
whereby they became enlightened in the
doctrines and mysteries taught by the
Savior and were thus enabled to take up
his mission to preach the gospel and work
out the salvation of men. Interesting dis
courses were delivered at the high masses,
the subjects being mainly on the sig
nificance of the feast day which sym
bolizes the wonderful growth of the Cath
olic church by reason of the beneficent
influence of the Holy Ghost upon the
apostles, who began the spread of the
faith.
Solemn High Mass Celebrated in All
the Churches and Sermons
Prr .ched on Significance
of the Day.
Catholics Celebrate Descent
of Holy 'Ghost Upon
Apostles.
OBSERVANCE OF
THE FEAST DAY
OF PENTECOST
Something of the Scope of a Quaker Charity That Is Doing
Much Toward Uplifting the Children of
the Poor.
THESE LADIES WILL SING
FOR THE SILENT WORKERS
WOODMEN HONOR
THE MEMORY OF
DEAD MEMBERS
Decoration Day Exercises
Are Held at Several
Cemeteries.
Camps Redwood, Golden Gate, San
Francisco, Tamalpais, Mission and
Calumet Pay Loving Tribute
at the Graves.
The various camps in the Pacific juris
diction of the Woodmen of the World held
decoration day services yesterday
over the graves of their departed
members in Odd Fellows', Holy-
Cross. Laurel Hill and Cypress
Lawn cemeteries. Forty-one graves were
decorated with choice flowers and touch
ing eulogies were pronounced by lay ora
tors. Among the honored dead are a few
¦who were not members of the local camps.
but in life belonged to the sovereign or
Eastern Jurisdiction, but no exception
"was made In the simple but Impressive
ceremonies.
Redwood Camp JCo. SI chartered two
ears of the San Mateo electric line and In
the morning eighty members were con
veyed to Cypress Lawn Cemetery. The
-committee on decorations, consisting or
"Woodmen A. Elaine. Joseph Preeder, C.
Blesfeldt. T. Ross and G. Thompson, had
provided evergreens and flowers and each
grave was successively visited and deco
rated. The ritual order of the annu3l
ceremony was exemplified under the di
rection of Council CSjjnmander Jacob Mil
ler. The orator of the occasion, Z. T.
AVhitten, delivered a brief but feeling
eulogy on the departed ones. He paid a
touching tribute to those who had gone
before and exhorted his hearers to keey
iUlve the fraternal spirit. Hymns were
sung by the Redwood Camp Quintet— Mrs.
-i. P. Daniels, Mrs. J. Purdy. H. J. Lloyd,
FJ C. Russell and M. Hughes. The la
oies cf the auxiliary lodge. Circle of
"Woodcraft, were also in attendance under
the guidance of Mrs. M. Raabe, guardian
neighbor of the auxiliary.
After the ceremonies had been con
cluded at Cypress Lawn the party pro
ceeded to Holy Cross Cemetery, where
they were repeated until all the deceased
members had been honored.
The memorial services at Odd Fellows'.
Laurel Hill and Masonic cemeteries were
under the auspices of Golden Gate. San
Krancsico. Tamalpais Mission. Progress.
Calumet and Western Addition camps.
Pursuant to orders issued by U. L.
Springer, secretary of the general com
mittee, ever two hundred members met at
the corner of Market and Seventh streets,
where they roolved themselves into com
tnittees. They proceeded to the different
cemeteries, where wreaths and flowers
were placed on the graves of twenty-eight
members. The exercises were similar to
those of Redwood Camp and were partici
pated in by George H. Wilson, W. W.
Peck. D. Oliver Jr.. Thomas F. Hatton,
W. T. Dugans. A. G. Frank, V. F. de Roco
ind Charles Thomas.
At Odd Fellows' Cemetery services were
hf'ld at 1 o" clock and an address was de
livered by N\ T. Moses. The Golden Gats
Quintet sang "Abid* 3 With Me" and
".WartT My God. to Thee." At 3 o'clock
a silver memorial tirn was dedicated to
th«? mfmury of C H. Bowers, a former
member, in the Columbarium. Represen
tatives of King Solomon's Lodge. F. and
A. M.. ar.d Unity Lodge, A. O. L\ W.. of
which tne deceased was a member, wece,
also pr»-sent. After an euiogy had been
X'ronounced by Mr. Moses, the poem,
"Why Should th<> Spirit, of Mortal Be
Proud." was read by Tiiomas F. Barry
and the services were closed with a hymn
by the Golden Gate Quintet.
card hi3 fellow man as his brother, and
ehall guard and protect the interests of
his fellow man as he would his own. then
the problem of social life will be solved,
said the speaker.
DESPONDENT LABORER
ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
Philip Sheridan, a laborer, while suffer
ing from the effects of an over-indulgence
in liquor, last evening attempted to com
mit suicide by gashing his throat with a
razor The deed was committed at his
home at 357 Dore street. Sheridan was at
once removed to the Receiving Hospital,
where the wounds in his throat were
stitched by Assistant Police Surgeon
Roche. It is believed he will recover.
Recently, it is claimed. Sheridan had
trouble with his wife and, becoming de
spondent, he took to drink. Shortly af
ter 6 o'clock last evening he returned to
his home and without saying a word to
anybody wept to his room, and taking
the razor gashed his throat in two places.
His relatives believe that he is mentally
weak from the excessive use of liquor.
B. FAY MILLS TALKS ON
SOCIALISTIC MATTERS
Benjamin Fay Mill?, the ex-evangelist,
addressed another large audience at Me^t
rojioUtan Temple last evening on social
istic questions. His subject was "The So
cial Problem and Programme." and he
discussed it thoroughly in a lecture last
ing an hour and a half.
The conclusion of th«» speaker was that
the day of individualists was passing rap
idly, and that true co-operation and so
cialism was the aim of the future. He
«xpres-s€-d the belief that everything
rhouid be co-operative, on the same plan
mid for the same reason that everything
in the family is co-operative— because love
and harmony exist there. Socialism is
<laily gaining strength in the government,
be p'a^d. as shown in th«» government su
pervision of prisons, of postoffices. of
States, of public schools, of water supply,
of light and of many other things. "When
the day comes that every man shall re-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1900.
PEOPLE who are interested in the
welfare of little children who,
either through the poverty or in
difference of their parents, are
thrown upon the tender mercies of the
world will find a charity worthy of their
attention in the Silent Workers, a body
Incorporated by the Society of Friends a
little more than two years ago. Barclay
J. Smith, the v.-ell-known merchant, was
one of its founders and has since been its
president and one of itr- chief supporters.
It has never been a public charity and the
names of those who work In its behalf
have never been made public. Yet the
Silent Workers are now caring for and
educating over 500 children taken from
poverty stricken homes and are assisting
nearly* 200 hard working mothers besides.
California Girl Risks Her
Life in Famine-Stricken
District.
NATIVES OF INDIA
DYING OF HUNGER
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Two of the Principals in the Silent Workers' Concert for Charity.
5
MISS LILLIAN MARKS.
AMTJSEJIENTS.
"Jnst a Little Bit Off the Top"
TO-NIGHT Begins
THE SECOND WEEK
Of the Ch&rrains Romantic Comic Opera,
THREE bU AHUOlfitll i
Company. Chorus and Orchestra!
Eves'.r.*- at !. Matine« Saturday at 2.
EPECIALtl-HnAPPKARANCE NEXT MON-
Edwin Stevens and Anna Lichter
"MADELEINE" orjjTHE MAGIC KISS."
POPULAR FR!CES-2Sc and 50c.
Telephone, Busb 9.
THEY LAUGHED | THEY
UNTIL ! CRIED!
AND THET ALL 5 AID IT WAS THE FUN-
NIEST SHOW IN YEARS.
Dunne & Ryiey's ALL-STAR CAST,
Ine!u<*ir.ff MATHKWS & mTLGER. MARY
S1ARHLE. WALTER JOXKS. .MAUDE
COURTNEY and 30 Others.
Presenting Hoyt's
"A RAG -BABY"
EVERT !CIGHT~THIS WEEK.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
Htxt fiondij Sigki, Hejfi "A TIN SOLDIER."
-C-kY H EAT R B^A r
THIS Monday Nisht and Every Evening
Thereafter,
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In a Spectacular Production or
/
B MATINEE. SATUfiDAY ONLY.
BEATS EIX DATS JX ADVANCE. _.
The superintendent of the water system
in Albany; .. N. Y., says • that •¦ since the
starting ' of the : filter plant' typhoid : fever
In the city has been reduced 75 per cent.
Tou can ruin a good picture by putting
the wrong 1 frame en It. It requires good'
judgment to frame pictures correctly, and
the rierht kind of mouldings, too. Our
Vert Cherry, Ebony and Gold and Sepia
mouldings, which hava just arrived, are
gems of the mouldlns-makers* art. Brins
in your pictures and let us talk it over
with you. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Mrkt. •
; AMUSEMENTEL
TADDEVILLE AT ITS HI02E5T PERFECTION.
JOE HART'S VAUDEVILLE CO.
and Orpheum Stars.
JOE HART AND CARRIE DE MAR
In "A CUXSE CALL."
FLEURETTE and FRANK OABDINER. MR.
and MRS. JIMMIE BARRY; MISS LIL-
LIAN BURKHART and CO..
rresentlnc "HER SOLDIER ™ T -' _
AMD TWENTY OKEAT STABS IS THE BEST
BILL Or THE BEA?ON.
Reserved seats. 25 cents; balcony. 10 cents;
opera chairs and box eeats. 50 cents.
Matlne-s Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
PYTRfl MATINEE
l__/>^ 1 r"C/-\ WEDNESDAY.
Owine to the Immense^Bemand for Seats a
SPECIAL MATINEE WEDNESDAY
Will be given In addition to the regular Satur-
day Matinee.
N. C. MAX:N£
GOODWIN ELLIOTT
In Their Greatest Success.
"WHFN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE"
Last performance takes place Saturday nlcht.
MONDAY. JUNE 11 KELLAR.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BASCO & RTCE. DEMING & CARROLL, ES-
TRELLA. KATE SPRAOUE. HEALY SIS-
TERS, GATES & CLARK, MOVING PIC-
TURES. i
BLADDER CONTEST ON THE LAKE
ELECTRICTOUNTAIN
AX NIGHT.
Telephone for SeatB. Park 23.
rTCrHPR'Q CONCERT .HOUSE.
GREAT LAMBARDI OPERA QUARTET AND
SIG. ABRAMOFF, In Act* From
"AIDA" and "MIGNON."
MISS MARTINI. TYROLEAN FINGER.
Rff-rvf-d Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS
1 OPEN NIGHTS.
Onen dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathlne from 1 a. m. to. 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c CHILDREN. 6c.
Bathlos. lacludiac admission. 25c; cWldren, 20c, ,WINS BY SIX INCHES.
CINCINNATI, June 3.— Four thousand
people at Ch'ester Park to-day, cheered
themselves hoarse while witnessing the
closely contested bicycle races. W. A.
Rutz of New Haven, Conn., and A. I*.
Stone of Denver contested in a twenty
five-mile match race, standing start, mo
tor paced. Rutz led except in six miles.
None of the leads were over three feet,
and often less than one, throughout the
race. In the closing mile Stone gained
slisrntlv. but Rutz with a great spurt
passed his own motor and -won by six
Inches. Time, 48:44 4-5. The timo was not
the fastest, but the race throughout was
the closest and most exciting ever seen
here. *HHWiliHii m f P'"> W" I'liijIV'i'lWWIimiiy
Reno Runck went after the mile ¦ track
record, 1:33 2-5, . held by., Al Newhouse of
Buffalo, and made it In 1:35
An emu's egg omelette was the treat
provided by a London naturalist for his
friends. The contents of the egg. which
was found In Australia some time ago,
weighed two pounds. Crocodiles* eggs
were also served.
In the Handball Court.
The handball matches played yesterday
at Phil Ryan's court resulted as follows:
B. R. Glldden and J. Peacock.. ....... ,21. 21 21
J. Pearson and' C. ¦W.'.Qlldden:.. •.;..... 10 ¦ 8 12
a. McDonald and P. McKlnnon 21 16 21
M. McNeil and M. McDonald IS 21 13
J. R. Bockman and L. Waterman .21 21 21
D. J. Sheehan and E. Lynch............i5 14 11
P. Hutchlnaon and M. Dillon... 21 21 18
"W. Kelly and Q. Hutchinson 20 17 21
C. Lakln and C. Smith 21 21 21
P. Munz and F. Carney... 9 11 13
G. B. Hayward and P.' Ryan.' 21 21 21
W. H. Sieberst and W. Fisher 19 11 1$
T. Leach and "W. H. Kedian 21 21 21
A. . McVlcker and W. Walsh...... 16 12 9
T. Foley and W. Johnson.. .....21 21 17
E. White and J. Glynn 13 19 21
J. Harlow and A. Hampton. ...21 21 21
M. J. Kllgallon and It. Llnehan 14 10 is
Sixteenth Annual Outing of r>eutscher
D'AUCED AUD fiADE &ERRY.
Xrieger Verein.
Members cf the Deutscher Krieger Ve
rein assembled tarly yesterday morning
«.t their headquarters and, escorted by the
Army and Navy Union, marched to the
ferry, headed by a brass band. The oc
casion was the sixteenth annual pummcr
outing of the verein at Shell Mound Park.
The families and friends of the organiza
tion attended In goodly numbers and all
had a pleasant time. It was strictly a
family picnic, and the nooa hour found
n*arJy all under the trees partaking of
their luncli. Dar.cing was the principal
amusement. Provision had been made for
the little ones and not a child left the
jjark without receiving a gift of some
uort.
One of the features of the occasion was
the distribution of rifle prizes won by the
marksmen during the past year and
which are now owned by the fortunate
thots "for keeps." The medal winners
were as follows--: Champion class, George
Hetzel; lirst class. O. Dammer; third
class, L. Laubscher; . most centers, K.
Kaiser. Monthly medals are still being
competed for. The success of the outing
is due to the efforts, of the following
named committee of arrangement!!: C
Paul, H. Peterson. S. Peters, M. Schlech
ang and C. Wrggemann.
CAPITAL CITY WHEELMEN
WIN THE RELAY RACE
Fore Suspected of Intentionally
Crowding Backrath and Narrowly
.. Escapes Being, Mobbed. .._'.,',
SACRAMENTO, June 3.— The .Capital
City Wheelmen to-day defeated the Ter
minal City Wheelmen of Stockton in a
fifty-mile relay race over Agricultural
Park track for a trophy. The race, though
exciting enough, was without sensational
features until the last mile was nearly
llnishei*. Sacramento opened a quarter of
a mile gap in the iirst mile and kept add
lrg a little to it until in the last mile
Uackrath of the Capital City Wheelmen
overhauled Fore of the Terminal City
Wheelmen a quarter of a mile from the
finish, the latter being, then' Just a mile
behind. Backrath . parsed the Stockton
man and took the pole.
The men were racing for'dear life down
the stretch, and. soon after passing the
draw gate, and when within a few yards
of the tape Fore crowded Backrath into
the fence and caused him I to be thrown
against it, his side striking the top rail
with great force. It looked as though it
were done intentionally, and the crowd
closed in and preventea Fore from cross
ing the tape. But he was soon allowed
to go on, and several men picked Back
rath up, held him on. his wheel and en
abled him to cross the score, thus winning
the race by an even mile. There was talk
of mobbing Fore,, and a crowd followed
him to the dressing room, but wise coun
sels prevailed and ' the matter was
dropped. The 'fifty mHes were ridden'in.
2 hours 11 minutes ¦ and 53 '. seconds. ; The
Judges : announced ; that . the collision was
helieved ¦ to , be, accidental. >~ The fastest
mile was 2:21, made by Backrath, Capital
CLOSE FINISHES.
Newark Kaces.
Wheelmen Supply Hare Sport in the
NEW YORK, June 3.— On the Vailsburg
track at Newark, K. J., to-day Frank
Kramer won the quarter mile dash from
Orlando Stevens by six Inches and was
first in all three heats of the big team
match race. Another man to cause the
4000 spectators to enthuse was Tom Coop
er. He beat M«-Karland in the mile handi
cap In an exciting finish and covered the
distance in 2:01 1-5.
Stevens and Kramer In the final heat
of the quarter-mile professional race were
the first to bring the crowd to their feet
The former gained a lead of ten lengths
before Kramer got under way. On the
second quarter th<> ex-amateur champion
pedaled for dear life. Inch by inch he
cut down Stevens' lead and passed under
the wire a winner by less than a foot.
Only one heat of the team race between
Kramer and Eaton V3. Freeman and
Downing was really exciting. In the first
the finish was so close that many thought
Freeman won. In the succeeding heats
however. Kramer finished first in each by
a half length. Summaries:
* Quarter-mile dash, professional — Frank Kra
mer won, Orlando Stevens second, J. T Fl»cher
third. Tom Cooper fourth. Time, :3l 3-5.
One mile, handicap, professional— Tom Cooper
(scratch) won, F. A. McFarland (scratch) sec
ond. J. T. Fischer (10 yards) third. R 'Wal
thnur (10 yards) fourth. Time. 2:01 1-5.
Five-mile handicap, amateur— J. H Lnnc»
(150 yards) woo. M. Rutter (100 yards) second
J. B. Hunter (ISO yards) third. John King (IM
yards) fourth. Time. 11:41.
Team match race, half-mile heats— Frank
Kramer ami Jay Katon boat H. n. Freeman anj
H. Downing In stralKht heats. Freeman flmsh
lnp second and Eaton third in each heat. Best
LOUBET NOT MOLESTED.
French President Sees the Steeple
chase at Autcuil.
PARIS, June 3.-The grand steeplechase
at Auteull. last year the scene of a tur
bulent outburst against President Lou
bet, passed off to-day without a sign of
political disturbance. M. -Loubct. unac
companied by a military escort, drove to
the races without incident, except occa
sional cries raised by passers-by for the
On descending from the carriage at the
race course he was met by several of his
Ministers and many other high officials.
The diplomatic corps was In full attend
ance, including the United States Kmbas
sador and his family. The day was very
beautiful and the course was crowded.
_The race was won by Mell Bee. with
Fragoleto second and Qultteo Double
\ h \l d - ™T en ran - Reflector and Taillebourg
£ e UV T he rorme r's Jockey, E. Flint, was
badly hurt.
2STABKS2TEN AT SCHUETZZK.
Medal Shoots Held There.
Scores Hade at the Eegular Monthly
The regular monthly medal shoots of
the California Schuetzen Club and the Ve
rein l^intracht were held at Schuetzen
Tark yesterday. A large crowd was in at
tendance and several good scores were
xnaxJe. The California Schuetzen Club
members made the following scores:
Medal phootinK: F*.rst champion class— A.
f-trecker, L'23, 222; F. E. Mason, £18. 213; John
TJtschig. 212, ?¦*. Second champion class— I). B.
Faktor, Ti\ 2"4; Captain F. A. Kuhls, 217, 203;
O. Brrowr. MK. JOS; A. liahwyler. 1?9. 19$: C.
Meyer. 2ofi. 1ST: T. J. Carroll. IH. 1*6. First clas*
clasc — C. M. UTKlenton. 21S. 199. S<>cond cIilef —
Captain Atienper. 216. 210; J. Kuliiman, 212, 181;
J. Tarr.meyer, 2uo. 1!)3; A. Gehret, 196. 1ST: C. J.
Valden, W. 1M; R. gtettln. ITT, 176; E. W.
¦\Voenne 1ST. 1S6; A. HampeL 1SJ. Third clam—
T. C. HaRcrup. 201. 168; T. C. Waller. IKS. 185;
P\ A, Krhrump*. 183, 15S; R. Langer. 1S3, 15S;
C. H. Kaet-hom. 174. 17J; M. iteuboM. 1S2. 17L
Fcrarth class— !>r. M. H. Atkins, 1S5, IK: W.
»< olden. US. 123.
The Fcores made by the Verein Ein
tracht schuctxen section are as follows:
Champion class — F\ A. Kuhls, 426; R. Sfttin
S4«; C. bchroeder. 344; F. C. Hagerup, 331; ll
fichmidt, tUi J. Fahn*, 255; firrt cla^s— E. L*.
neinenschnHder, SC2; C. Luchmedt, 314. Sec
ond claes— C. F. Auer, Si3; C von liartwig,
S17; It- Fp«h«. 2C7; H. Fchwelccr. 2S5. Third
class— O. n. Ludewie. 341; L. Scheib, 196; first
b^rt shot. K. A. Kuhi*. 24; lart beet shot. O. It
Ludewtg, 14; drum corps. A. Kruckel, 317.
¦ The scores made by the members of the
Marin County Schuetzen Club in the
xncdal shoot w*re as follow: C. Walden.
2S5; K. Riede. 2S4; F, Goerl, 213.
Gun Men of Various Clubs Add to
Their Scores at the Ingleside
Grounds.
Gun men occupied both traps at the In
gleside shooting: grounds yesterday and
added to their scores. The California
Wing Club shot at live pigeons for club
records and In money pools, while the
Union Gun Club banged away at clay
discs for medals and annual scores.
In the blue rock events Fred Feudner
won the first class medal with a clean
score and the second-class medal went
to Rickey." The club race was figured
U. M. C, first; Javette Jr., second: Herr
ing, third: Michelsen and Lewis tied for
fourth. Following are the scores:
" California Wing Club— Club race at 12 birds:
Justlns 22221221221 2—12
Sweeney 1 2 1 2 2 2 1 2 2 2 2 2—12
Naun-.en 12112212222 2—12
Shaw 22122222222 2—12
Haight 22222222*22 2—11
Owens 11212*11112 1 — 11
Williamson 02221221222 1—11
ShieldB 1211*221121 1—11
"Slade" 02111111*21 1—10
dolcher (gupot) 221022222*2 1—10
Sweeney (back score)... 21112212222 2-12
•Dead out of bounds.
Six-bird pool; $2 50 entrance:
JuMins 2 2 2 2 2 2—6
Clolcher 2 2 12 1 1—6
Williamson 2 2 2 2 2 2—6
Fay 1112 12-6
HaiRht 12 2 2 2 0~*S
Sweeney .'. 11110 •— 4
Kauman 2 2 2 2 2 2 — S
Shaw 112 2 2 2—6
Klevesahl Z 1 1 1 1 1—6
Durst 2 10 12 2—5
J. V. Coleman 2 112 0 2-5
ShieldB 10 00 2 0-2
•Dead out of bounds.
Union Gun Club — Club race. 23 birds: "Wil
liamson, 16, 16; Walpert, 19; Hoyt, 13; F. Feud
ncr, 17; Lewis, 17; U. M. C, 22; Rickey. 17;
Ivcrson, 21, 13; Fay, 5; Haggard, 6; Mitchell,
13; Masterson. 10: Burnell. 15; Hess. 17; Prin-
Kle. 16; Preece, 14: Olsen,- 14; Klevesahl, 16;
l'isani. 12; Jansen, 17; Newpert. 5: Traak, 18;
Durst. 18; MlchelFon, 11; Barber, 9. Peterson,
IS; BlEgerstaff, IS; Herring, 15: Fisher, 18;
Wollom. 17; KerrUan, 7; Javette Jr., 19;
Hinds, g.
Mrdal race. 23-blrd handicap: Shields. IS;
V. M. C. 21; Walpert. 23; Ilerrlns, 15; Rickey.
17; liurnell. 17: Mitchell. 17; F. Feudner. 25;
Sweeney, 18; Golcher, 23; Hoyt, 20; Lewis. 6;
Williamson, IS; Karrlson. IS; Pisanl. 13; Peter-
Bon, 16; Wollam, 13; Michelson,; 13; J^gfrstaft*,
14; Javette Jr., 11. i
TRAP MEN SHOOT FOR
RECORDS AND MEDALS
use Hardie in the right territory. Drews,
the catcher, will replace Hammond.
Hank Takes Stockton's Scalp.
STOCKTON, June 3.— Pace, assisted by
Lockhead, threw away the game for
Stockton to-day, allowing Uncle Hank's
Katzenjammer kids to beat the local team
by a score of 5 to 3. Score:
Babbitt. 2b 5* o' 1 * 0 " 2 " 2* <>
Lockhead. s. 8 4 12 0 12 2
Pace c 4 13 0 6 0 3
fitreli). lb 2 0 0 1 10 0 0
McCarthy. 1. 1 4 0 2 0 2 0 0
Morrow, r. t 4 0 0 0 110
Courtney, c. 1 3 0 10 0 0 0
Moore. 3b 3 110 2 4 0
Whalen, p 4 0 2 0 0 10
Totals 33 3 12 1 24 10 6
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, c. f 4 0 2 0 0 0 1
Hildebrand. r. f 2 0 0 0 10 0
Schwartz. 2b 4 1 1 0 3 3 0
.Sullivan, c 4 1 2 13 3 0
Pabst, lb 4 0 1 0 14 0 0
Levy, 1. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Km*. 3b 3 2 2 0 3 4 0
Reilly, s. B 2 0 10 2 6 0
Iburg. p 3 10 0 0 3 0
Totals 30 5 9 1 27 19 1
RUNS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 2 10000000—3
Base hits 3 4 10 0 111 1—12
San Francisco 0 1200011 •— 5
Base hits 1 2200022*—!)
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Whalen 1. Iburg 3.
Three-base hit— Moore. Two-base hits—Lock
head, Courtney. Sullivan. Sacrifice hits— Strelb
2, Hildebrand. Reilly. Left on bases — Stockton
t>. Kan Kraneisco 4. F*irst base on error:-? — San
Francisco 1. Struck out — By Whalen 4, by Iburg
1. First base on balls— Whalen 1, Iburg 2. Time
—1:24. Umpire— Donohue. Official scorer— A.
H. Harlln. ; V '-
MINOR BASEBALL.
Independents of San Francisco Meet
Defeat at Vacaville.
VACAVILLE. June 3.— The Indepen
dents of San Francisco were defeated here
to-day by the local nine. The batteries
were: Independents— Carlsberg and Van;
Vacaville— Deputy and Larkln. Score 7 to
5 In favor of Vacaville. ,
SAN RAFAEL, June 3.— An exciting
game of baseball was played here this
afternoon between the Reliance team of
Oakland and the San Rafaels. In the
first inning the local men were annihilat
ed, the visitors making five runs. The
score stood at the finish 5 to 0, In favor
of the strangers.
SANTA CRUZ, June 5.— The baseball
game to-day between Santa Clara College
and Santa Cruz resulted in a tie. The
score was 2 to 2. Eight innings were
played. Batteries: Santa Cruz—Dauben
bls and Fitzgerald; Santa Clara— Keefe
and Graham.
HOL.LISTER, June 3.— Athletic Park
was crowded to the guards to-day to wit
ness a game between the Golden Gates
and Hollisters. The score waB 9 to 4 in
favor of Hollister.
American League Games.
KANSAS CITY. June 3.— Kansas City, 8;
Indianapolis, 5.
MILWAUKEE, June S.— Milwaukee, 0; Cleve
land, 9.
CHICAGO. June 3.— Chicago. 6; Buffalo, 5.
MINNKAPOLIS, Juno 3.— Minneapolis, 12-
Detroit. 9.
BERT DOWNING WINS.
City .Wheelmen. George Gorham. Capital
City Wheelmen, then rode an exhibition
quarter mile, paced, in 23 seconds.
Handicap Bace of the Garden City
Cyclers.
Special Distiatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE. June 3.— The Garden City
Cyclers' handicap road race to Alviso and
return, a distance of eighteen miles, this
mornnlg was won by Bert Downing, with
thirty seconds handicap. In 44:31. It was
hotly contested from start to finish. The
race was for a silver cup offered by Man
ager C. A. Harrison of the Hotel St.
James, and the start and finish were from
this hostelry, which was witnessed by
a large crowd.
There were fourteen starters In the race,
as follows: Mark Lord and "Rube" Smith,
handicap of six minutes; Dan Manley and
E. Griffin, five minutes; Charles Allen and
Roy Gates, three minutes; I. W. Letcher,
Arthur McDonald and Bert Downing,
thirty scconda; Louis A. Smith, Lace
Downing and E. B. Wastie, scratch;
The handicapping was perfect. Five
miles from the finish all the riders were
bunched, and from that time on it was a
hard fight between the scratch and thirty
second men.
Bert Downing won time and place in
44:31; L,etcher second. 44:35; McDonald
third, 44:35 2-5; Lowe lourth, 45:06; Oates
fifth, 47:16. . Allen. Wa&tie, Barnes and
Lace Downing finished In the order
nnrnerl. '
The officials of the race were: Referee,
Otto Zeigler Jr.: handicapper, J. A. Des-
Imone: timers. J. Dermody. C. B. Schae
fer and A. E. Moody; judges, C. H. Har
rison, T. J. McGeoghepan, J. B. Lamkln;
clerks of the course, Roy Walter, Harry
Smith and Ed Johnson.
Columbia. Club Marksmen.
The competition at the Harbor View
range yesterday between members of the
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club attracted
the largest attendance of the season. The
wind prevented the best of scores being
made. The results follow:
Columbia target, off-hand shooting:, class
medals, with rifle, 200 yards: ExDerts— A. H.
Pape 56, F..O. -Young S4. Sharpshooters— C. il.
Dalss 75, G. Mannel SS. Marksmen — P. Becker
100. Mrs. C. F. Waltham 106. E. A. Allen 115.
G. Hoadley 113, Mrs.- G. Mannel 117, Dr. II. W
llunsaker 156. Dr. J. F. Twist 160.
Hlfle medals, 200 yards, all comers— A. H
Pape 43-«8, F. O. Younp 37-65, A. B. Dorrell
M-SS.
l'istol class, medals, 50 yards: Experts — C
M. Dla!«s 43, F. O. Young 47, G. II. Barley 48,
A. B. Dorrell 57. II. Pape 58. Sharpshooters—
Dr. J. F. Twist 73, G. Hoadley 80. Marksmen—
N. Robinson 77. Mrs. Mannel 84. Mrs. Waltham
94, E. A. Allen 98. O. Mannel 10O. F. Lake 120.
Twist revolver medal, 50 yards— F. O. Youhk,
69, 75, 77; A. H. Pape, 75, 82; P. Becker, 76, IS;
All-comers' pistol medal, 50 yards— F. O.
Young, 47, 4$. &5; P. Becker, 55, W, 62; O.
Hoadley, 62, 66; C. M. Daiss. 43.
>¦ Ttlfles, 22 and 2H. all comers", . u0 yards — O.
Mannel. 21. 22. 24. 2S, 30; Dr. J. F. Twist, 22.
SS, 3S; F. O. Young, 22: Mrs. C. F. Waltham,
27, 31. 33, 33. 35; Mrs. G. Mannel. 3G.
All-comerB' record scores, 50 yards, pistol— G.
Barley. 51. 52. 56. 59: Dr. Twist. 7«; Mrs. Wal
tham. 73. S3; C. M. Class, 53: Mrs. Mannel. 78,
85: N. Robinson. 72. S9: CM. Wiggin. S2.
Carbines. 30-30— R. W. Ed-rren. 24, 32: P.
Becker. 34, 35; M. Trego, 35. 22 rifle— C. M.
Wisrgin, 32. Revolver— A. H. Tape. 65.
SPEND A DAY IN THE COUNTRY
Hermann's Sons, Garibaldi Guard, In
dependent Hifles and Union
Tailors Eniov Outiners.
Hermann's Sons celebrated the thirtieth
anniversary of the order yesterday by an
excursion to Sunset Park in the Santa
Cruz mountains. The outing was a great
success ai:d no accident or mishap oc
curred to mar the pleasure of the day. A
special train conveyed the happy throng
to the picnic grounds, leaving the city at
S<:1S a. ra. Or. the arrival of the train
at the park Oscar Hocks, president of the
day, made a ehort address. In the after
noon foot races, wheel of fortune and oth
er games were indulged in. For mose who
cared to dance a. good orchestra was in
attendance. Messrs. Harry Haar and
Fred Frty acted as the floor committee.
The return trip to the city was made at
6 p. m. Large numbers of the picnickers
brought bade with them bundles of ferns
us souvenirs of their day in the country.
The members of the Garibaldi Guard
gave a picnic at Buena Vista. Park in
Kausalito. They took with them the Xa
val Keserve liand, which dispensed mar
tial music throughout the day. The mem
bers of the guard in their red shirts and
caps made a brave showing in the streets
of Sausalito, carrying their regimental
flag by the side of the "Stars and
istnpes." J. F. Fugazi was the president
of the day and 11. Sendaleti vice presi
dent. F. Uelmonti was the manager of
the dance 3oor.
The members of the Journeymen Tai
lors* Union gave a picnic at Mirabel ParK.
The feature of the day was a tug-of-war
natch between the single and married
men. As is usual in neariy all such cases,
the single men won. President of the
Vnlon John Landstrom worked hard to
make the day an enjoyable one to all.
He was assisted In his good work by Fred
Johnson and Martin Wistos.
The Independent Rifles, under the com
mend of First Lieutenant E. Moenning,
Journeyed yesterday to Glenwood Park,
¦where they sp^nt a pleasant day "trip
ping the light fantastic' to the music of
The Second Artillery Band. Lieutenant
II. Hansen acted as floor manager.
Drummers' and salesmen's target shooting—
J. R. Mrer won, H. W. Zahn second. C. W.
Lind third, II. Hennine fourth.
Ladles' target shooting— Emma Law-ton won.
Miss Miller second. Mrs. Smith third. Miss
Buckley fourth. Miss A. Smith fifth. Miss
Moulton sixth, Miss I'ape seventh, Mrs. C. E.
Henninsr eighth. Mrs. J. Armstrong ninth, Mrs.
F. Smith tenth.
The success of the picnic was due to the
efforts of the following committees:
Arrangements— Vice President Hermann Meth
mann. chairman; Henry Hauser, secretary; J.
T. Hurley. Henry Hartje, J. G. Florance. H.
Wolklng, L. H. Kohn, D. W. Frische, Charles
Luhrs, Charles Henning, George Wilkens. S.
Vock. Dick Itzen. M. J. Dempsey. Edlef Atze
roth. George Bartels, William Boger. J. B. Ma
hony. J. M. Foege, James O'Connor. Valentine
Hassmer, Jerry Dugan, Carsten Luhrs, William
Morken F. W. Mack, P. J. Ryan, J. F. Bull
wlnkel, Dick Henning, F. C. Creede and* George
Bastian.
Bowling alley — Charles Luhr3, chairman;
Ix>uis Kohn. George Wllkens. S. Vock. Ed Atze
roth, Herman Fuelscher. William Morken, H.
C. Tonnemacher.
Reception— Valentine Hassmer, chairman;
James O'Connor. Albert Heyer, Charles Koster
ing, J. G. Floranee, James RelUy, S. Vock, John
I>. Ilelse, J. H. Mahony, M. W. Bergin. John
F. Bullwlnkel, James Cusick. J. M. Foege, Fred
Hartje, Fied Meyer, H. F. Michaels, Fred
Steinke. H. C. Melsel, John Plath, Louis Schoe
feld. Henry Kohn.
Floor— Chr.rles Luhrs, floor manager: C. H.
Drewes, William Bastian, Henry Hauser.
Games— George Bartels. chairman; J. T. Hur
ley, Edlef Atzercth. William Ring, Henry
Hartje. Charles Hencken, Henry Hauser, M. J.
Dempsey. L. H. Kohn, J. li. Mahony, Fred
Mack, Jr.mn K. Taylor.
Shooting gallery— William Bcger, chairman; J.
M. Foese. John D. Heise.
Wheel of fortune — D. "\V. Frische, chairman;
Charles Hennlng. Henry Hartje, Hermann
Methmann, Ed Atzeroth. J. T. Hurley.
THERE was a sufficient quantity of
food and liquids given away as
prizes at the twenty-ninth annual
picnic of the Retail Grocers' Pro
tective Union at Schuetzen Park yester
day to stock a grocery store and saloon.
Holders of lucky coupons, experts , with
the rifle and those who were fleet of foot
were all awarded something of value for
their efforts. The prizes ranged from a
ruck of flour to a cake of soap; from root
beer to a case of double-distilled fire wa
ter. Fortunately for the good of the or
ganization, the liquids won at the picnic
were not distributed on the gro.unds. In
this the committee displayed wisdom.
Had the wet goods been distributed at
once the ferry-boat could not have held
the "loads" that would have come aboard.
The committee also deemed it best not to
distribute the staple articles won by the
fortunate ones. It certainly would have
locked undignified for the picnickers to
be seen carrying through the streets a
blue agate tea kettle, a boiled ham, 100
pounds of washing soda, six sacks of
Monterey sand, a can of coal oil or three
boxes or smoked herring. The foregoing
prizes and hundreds of others will be col
lected to-day.
The men who dole out mixed and un
mixed sugar with a lavish hand were
present in large numbers, aa were their
customers and friends. Business cares
were forgotten for the nonce, and proprie
tor and clerk and purchaser mingled in
happy comradeship. "Withal it was an
enjoyable outing. The cold winds that
blew over the city gave way to the
balmy climate of Marin County, and the
merrymakers did not regret their ducks
and other airv summer costumes.
Von der-Mehden's band played for those
who "tripped the light fantastic." The
swings were the center of attraction
throughout the day. Young ladies who
did not hesitate to show lingerie and
shapely ankles enjoyed the rythmlc mo
tion despite the eye3 leveled at them. The
games, as. usual, proved highly exciting.
There was bowling for the grocers, tar
get shooting for the ladies and prizes for
all. The high scores on the target made
by the fair sex were surprising. Some of
the ladies simply pointed the gun at the
target, closed their eyes and fired. Oth
ers devoutly wished that they might hit
the painted circle. In both instances suc
cess or a charitable "marker" gave them
scores that surpassed those made by the
sterner sex. Following is the result of
the games and shooting contests:
Race for Klrls between 12 and 13 — Katie Rob
ins -von, Mollie Hanson second, Grace Dryer
third.
Race for girls between 9 and 12— May Denehy
won, Ethel Dryer second. Katie Smith third.
Youn^ ladies' race — Maggie Qulnn won, Annie
Ravage second, Nell Brown third, Rose Kelly
fourth.
Younsr men's race — GeorRe Sullivan won,
Peter Kronberc second, Charles Smith third,
Joseph Geerhan fourth.
Porters' race— Boh Harrlcan won, Dan Ma
honey second, W. II. Young third.
Race for boys between 9 and 12— George Rob
inson won. Walter Johnson second. Peter An
derson third.
Married ladles' race— Mrs. McDonnell won,
Mrs. Kelly second, Mrs. Moran third.
Fat ladles' race— Mrs. Quinn won, Mrs. Sav
age s?ccnit. Mrs. Denehy third.
Kat men's race — \V. Ltchtfoot won, A. SI.
Tieterman second. J. F. Moran third.
Tub of war— William Ring's team defeated
<peorge Bartels' aggregation, j
Caricaturist Warren Depicts What He Saw at the Outing.
THIS Is the season of the year
when picnics are in full swing
and the residents of this city
take advantage of the Sab
bath to seek recreation In the
country. On each Sunday thou
sands wend their way to the fer
ries and take passage for some
pleasant spot to spend a well
earned holiday. Despite the cold
wind that blew over the city yes
terday the ferry depots were alive
with life and color. Young men
and young women, attired in sum
mer costumos and burdened with
bounteous iuuch boxes and baskets,
pas <- i through the gates en route
to e .ones of pleasure. On preced
ing Sundays the crowds have
been larger, due to climatic condi
tions. A large number of people
refrained from leaving their happy
homes yesterday because of the
cold weather. Nevertheless, there
were five picnics in the parks
around the bay and all were well
attended. The Hermann's Sons
celebrated their thirtieth anniver
sary with an excursion to Sunset
Park. Santa Cruz Mountains. The
members of the Garibaldi Guard
picnicked in Buena Vista Park, at
SausaJlto. Mirabel Park, on the
Russian River, was crowded with
friends and members of the Jour
neymen Tailors'. Union. The Inde
pendent Rifles enjoyed a pleasant
day in G!enwopd Park, the
Deutscher Krieger Verein spent
the day at Shell Mound Park, and
lai=t but not lea.-i, the Ketail Gro
cers enjoyed themselves at Schuet
zen Park.
Ozone "Was In Demand and Some
Went to th.e Sea for It, While
Others Climbed Moun
tains.
The Suburban Resorts Draw
Great Crowds of People
From the City.
EVERYBODY AND
HIS SISTER ON
THEIR OUTING
' We buy trunks by the carload. That's
why we *• sell good trunks at reasonable
prices. Suit cases, valises, traveling bags,
coin purses and pocketbooks in our Lieath
er GooOs Department. Banborn, Vail &
Co., 7tl Market street. •
Oakland 10, Sacramento 1.
Mr. Doyle of Sacramento pitched nine
Innings on Saturday and was scattered all
over Recreation grounds. Six innings and
a part of the seventh more than sufficed
yesterday for the Dudes to break him irto
lumps that covered both in and out fields.
Fireworks and nothing but that was
the reason of it. The ball streaked the
field continuously, and occasional errors
helped in sending the Dudes around the
bases to the benches. In the seventh in
ning Doyle was relieved, Eaeran going into
the box, but there wasn't much improve
ment wroufc.'.t on that account. The day
was distinctively one for Ewing, and his
two victories and a tie gave him a spell of
Joy. Oakland played excellent ball, Mos
kiman twirling in splendid style.
Contrary to the general expectation, the
result cf the afternoon game gives Oak
land two out of the series of three, the
third game having no effect In the reckon
ing, as it was a tie.
The Dudes started to repeat their swat
ting: performance of the day before, and
found Mr. Doyle for two hits at the be
ginning of the game. Schmeer hit to
Eagan, beating the ball out at first and
going to second on Hammond's hit to
Doyle, who fumbled the bail, making both
runners safe. A two-bagger by Hutchin
son scored Schmeer. Then came a tripli
cate of deaths, and the Dudes went to
the field.
In the fourth Lange was sent across the
rubber. Reaching first on a hit he camped
at the middle station, when Drennan
drove a hot liner to Devereaux. who fum
bled, stole third when Drennan went to
second, and scored on Schmeer's out.
The tifth inning was pyrotechnical and
food for joy on the part of the Dudet>.
Again was Mr. Doyle of Sacramento
toucned— this time for five hits and four
runs. Hutchinson walked, followed by a
two-bagger from Moskiman's bat. and
scoring on Dunleavy's out. Moskiman
crossed the plate on Lange's hit. Dren
nan and Hardie came to the bat. each
getting a hit. and the bags were OUed.
Then came Schmeer, who hit to Eagan,
and in an attempt to shut out Hardie at
second, which miscarrlod. Lange and
Drennan scored. That satislied the Brum
mels, and nothing more was done In that
innine.
Sacramento broke the ice In the sixth.
McLaughlin got into the running on a
hit, stole second, but in attempting to
Fteal third on Devereaux's hit to M(-b
kiman died between the bases, Dcveroiux
reaching s-eennd on the play. Eagan's out
advanced Noisy Bill a base and a passed
ball scored him. In this Inning Oakland
added another run to the list, following
in tne Bevcr.th with a brace, and one in
the eighth. The score is:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BII. SB. PO. A. E.
Pchmeer. s. 8 6 2 3 0 3 3 0
Hammond, c 5 0 11110
Hutrhir.son. lb 4 1 2 0 13 0 0
MoFkiman. p 5 2 2 0 0 2 0
Francks. Tb 5 0 0 0 0 5 0
L>unleavy. 1. f 5 1 1 0 3 0 0
Lanjre. Sb 5 2 2 1OBO
Drennan. c. 1 5 2 4 12 0 0
Hardle. r. f 4 0 1 J) J J j)
Totals 44 10 16 8 27 16 0
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLauRhlin. 1. f.... 4 0 2 0 0 0 1
Devereaux. 3b 4 10 0 2 11
F-agan. s. s. & p 3 0 0 0 2 10
Hughes, r. f 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Hanlon lb & s. s... 4 0 1 0 9 0 0
Stanley, c 4 0 10 2 11
Doyle, p & c. f 3 0 10 12 1
Pync c. t. & lb 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
Etultz. 2b 3 0 0 0 0 5 1
TotalB 32 1 5 0 24 10 E
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 000001000—1
Base hits 0 110 1110 0-5
Oakland 10014121 »-10
Base hits 21115141 •— IS
SUMMARY.
Run responsible for— Doyle. Two-bese hits—
Hutchinson. Doyle. Moskiman, Hammond.
Sacrifice hit— Hardle. First base' on errors-
Oakland 4. First base on called ball? — Oak
land 1. Sacramento 2. Left on liases — Oakland
11. Sacramento 4. Struck out— By Doyle 2. by
Moskiman 1. ' Passed balls— Stanley 2. Wild
pitches— Moskiman 1. Eagan 1. Time of game
—2:00. Umpire — Graves. Official scorer— J. %V.
fatal letcn.
MORNING GAME.
Oakland 3, Sacramento 3.
With two men out and a Dude on the
second sack the game was called at Oak
land yesterday morning amid the hisses
and shouts of the crowd, who wanted to
see the finish. The score was three all in
the ninth, when the time-limit had ar
rived and the game was called off-
After the ragged performance of the day
before the champions played good ball, as
d'.d also the Dudes. Errors were very
few, and neither Hughes nor Beville was
touched for many hits. At the end of the
seventh Inning the score was tied, the
Dudes havir.s shot a couple of men over
the plate. This had a tendency to make
the game exciting, and when the ninth
was reached the crowd was jubilant. In
the beginning of the inning^ Stultz drove
the ball over the left-Geld fence, skirting
the bags for a homer. But the discrep
ancy in the score did not last long. The
Dudes came to the plate with fire in their
eyes. Schmeer, after one man had per
ished, rolled? the ball out for three bases,
and soon after scored on Hammond's sin
gle, but this was all there was to the
game, which was called soon after ac
cording to prearranged agreement, the
clock then registering 12:10. The score Is:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BII. SB. PO. A. E.
Schmeer, es 4 12 0 5 10
Hammond, c 4 110 9 0 1
Hutchinnon. 1 b...... 4 0 1 0 9 0 0
Lanice. M b 4 0 110 10
Francks. 2 b 4 0 2 0 13 0
Moeklman. 1. t 4 0 0 0 10 0
Dunleavy, r. t 3 0 0 0 2 10
Drennan. c. f 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Seville, p 2 110 0 3 0
Total* 31 3 8 1 27 » 1
EACKAMEXTO.
AH. R. BII. SB. PO. A. E.
McLauRhlift. 1. f 4 2 2 14 10
Devereaux, 3 b 3 0 110 4 0
Eapan. es 8 0 2 6 0-5 1
Hughes. P 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Hanlon. 1 b 4 0 0 0 12 0 0
Stanley. C 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Shanahan. c. t 2 0 0 0 2 0 1
Pyne, r. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Stulti, 2 b 8 12 0 2 10
Totals 23 3 7 2 »26 14 2
•Game called with two out.
BUN'S AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 1 00000 10 1—3
Ease hits 2 1000030 1—7
Oakland 0 0000020 1—3
liase hits 0 1011120 2— S
SUMMARY,
Runs mponsiWe for— Bevllle, 2; Hughes, I.
Home run— otultz. Three-base hlt»—McLaueh
lin, Schmeer. Two-base hlti — Hasan. Francks.
Sacrifice hit — Kehmeer. First base on error* —
Oakland, 1- First base on called balls — Oak
land, 4; Sacramento. 6. Left on bases—Oak
land S, Sacramento 9. Struck out— By Bevllle,
6; by HusheB, 1. Double plays— Dunleavy to
Ilutchinnon: Mclaughlin to Dcvereaux to
Ftultz. Time of pame — 1 hour and So minutes.
Umpire — Graves. Official scorer— H. S. McFar
11 n.
Dudes Leava Ewing.
Ewing's team received a shock yester
da*- ...en Schmcer and Hammond an
nounced positively that they would leave
for Butte in the evening to Join that team.
Both men have been given good business
positions, and will receive a considerable
Increase of salary. They signed for four
months. Ewing will 'place Krancks at
short, bring Dunleavy In to second and
Morning' Game at Oakland Undecided
on Account of Time Call—Splen
did Exhibition of
Ball.
Pyrotechnics at Recreation
Park and Loose Play
by Champions. y
DOYLE WAS EASY
AND THE DUDES
IN PROPER FORM
Greyhounds trained In the kennels of
Frank McComb swept everything before
them yesterday in the open stake at Union
Coursing Park. The last four dogs left
In the stake were from these kennels, be
ing headed by the black wonder. Royal
Flush. He has oeen out of the running
for three months and the prevailing opin
ion expressed was that he was not on edge
and could not. be expected to win at the
first asking. He did so, however, allowing
only three points to be scored against
him In the six courses he ran. In these
he beat Mamio Pleasant, Castle Island
Boy, Shootover, Flying Fox, O'Hara and
For Glory. The latter was runner-up for
the stake, with feir Pasha third and
O'Hara fourth.
The fourth round provided the sensa
tional coursing of the day, the best dogs
all being brought together. Royal Flush
commenced proceedings by defeating Fly-
Ing Fox. They went up the field like a
double team, but Flush drew out and
killed. Sir Pasha surprised the talent by
retiring Hot Haste after a long undecided
course, which took the brace of dogs
across the field. The score was 6 tc 6. Sir
Pasha scored five and secured one in the
work after placing Hot Haste. The hare
escaped before either dog could score the
extra point necessary to win. The next
time out Sir Pasha won decisively by a
score of 8 to 0. For Glory, the smallest
greyhound In the stake, weighing but for
ty-two pounds, put out the mighty ¦Whlte
head, the stake favorite. The diminutive
miss proved too fast for the big dog, win
ning by a score of 6 to 3.
This brought the stake down to four
dogs. Royal Flush and Sir Pasha, owned
by Frank McComb. and For Glory and
O'Hara. owned by Sterl & Knowles, but
handled by the former. Flush beat O'Hara
and For Glory disposed of Sir Pasha. In
the final For Glory led her big opponent
from the slips, but once Flush settled
down to his stride he passed her out and
won first money without letting her score.
The first round produced the most upsets
in the betting. Leah beat Rest Assured 5
to 1 Kid McCoy beat Vulcan 3 to 1. Silver
Cloud beat Round About 2 to 1. Hot Haste
beat Brutus 2 to 1, King's Borderer beat
St. Anthony, Anchor beat Rocker and Ju
lius Caesar beat Blackette at 5 to 3. In
the succeeding rounds the favorites were
more generally successful.
Although weather conditions generally
were unfavorable, there was but one un
decided course. The light was bad, but
the dogs evidently had their long distance
glasses on. none going unsighted. The
detailed results, with Judge John Grace s
official scores, follow:
F A McComb's Little Sister beat J. Byrnes'
Battleship. 3-0: Harrlgan & Wlegand's Over
time beat Pasha Kennels' Rude Awakenlnc.
8-0- T J Cronln's Wild Tralee beat F. Schou's
Smuggler, 14-2; Curtis & Son's Flying Fox beat
J. Martenet's Bernal Boy. 5-0; T. Lopan's Leaii
beat Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured, o-3: J.
O'Dowd's Phootover beat J. Mortality's Kittle
man, 3-0: F. A. McComb's Royal Flush beat
Connell Brothers' Mamie Pleasant. 5-2: Sullivan
& Tralnor's Caetle Island Boy beat G. Aber
crombie's Rock Island Kins, 6-0; R. E. de B.
Lopez's Minnie. Wa Wa beat W. C. Gla?son's
Sleigh Bells. 10-3; K. M. KelloRB's Kid McCoy
beat Curtis & Son's Vulcan, 6-1; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Sir Pasha beat J. M. Halton's Tic Tac,
1(M- C O Peterson's Silver Cloud beat Pasha
Kennels' Round About. 6-1: Pasha Kennels'
Reckless Archer beat R. E. de B. Lonez's
Crawford Priory. 4-2; E. M. Kellogg's Ben's
Babe beat M. Walsh's Handicap, 5-0; Maher &
Reid's Untie Fuller beat D. K. Carter's High
Jinks. 10-1: J. J. Kenney'a Hot Haste beat J.
P. Thrift's Brutus. 5-2; O. Sharman's Bowery
Boy beat J. McNeil's , Blaekhawk. 5-4; Pasha
Kennels' Rural Artist beat R. E. de B. Lopez's
Wanda, 7-4; F. Schou's King's Borderer beat
N P Whiting's St. Anthony. ~-~>: Pasha Ken
nels'" Gold Nugget beat R. E. de B. Lopez's
Diablo 3-2; R. E. de B. Lopez's Whltehead
beat P. J. Reilly's Ploughboy, 4-0; Curtis &
Son's Anchor beat II. A. Deckelman's Rocker.
3-2- Russell, Allen & Wilson's Julius Caesar
beat Curtis & Son's Blackette. 9-1: Sterl &
Knowles' O'Hara beat Erwin & Lyon's Silver
Wings, 12-3; G. Pharman'a Walt a Bit beat R-
Prinsrle's Honor Bright. 4-2; Sterl & Knowles"
For Glory beat P. J. Reilly's Grafter, 4-3.
Second round— Little Sister beat Overtime.
7-1; Flying Fox beat Wild Tralee. 6-4: Shoot
over beat Leah. 5-1: Royal Flush beat Castle
Island Bov. 3-0; Kid McCoy beat Minnie Wa
\Va 5-0- Sir Pasha beat Silver Cloud. 6-3:
Ben's Babe beat Reckless Archer, 10-1: Hot
Haste a bye, Uncle Fuller withdrawn: Rural
Artist beat Bowery Boy, 17-5; Gold Nugget
beat King's Borderer. 5-3: Whitehead beat An
chor. 3-1; O'Hara beat Julius Caesar. 6-1; For
Glory beat Walt a Bit. S-l.
Third round— Flying Fox beat Little Sister.
3-2; Royal Flush beat Shootover, 4-0: Sir Pasha
beat Kid McCoy. 4-3; Hot Haste beat Ben's
Babe. 8-4: Whltehead heat Rural Artist. 5-0:
O'Hara beat Gold Nugget, 8-4; For Glory a
bye.
Fourth round— Royal Flush beat Flying Fox.
n-l; Sir PaFha beat Hot Haste, 6-6, 8-0; For
Glory beat Whltehead. 6-3: O'Hara a bye.
Fifth round— Royal Flush beat O'Hara. 4-0;
For Glorv beat Sir Pasha. 6-2.
Deciding course — Frank McComb'd Royal
Flush (Skyrocket-Blackbird) beat Sterl &
Knowles' For Glory (St. Lawrence-Firenzl),
5-0.
All the Fast Greyhounds Meet in the
Fourth Bound and Sensational
Trials Result— Only One
Undecided Course.
They Run in One, Two,
Three, Four Order at
Union Park.
DOGS FROM THE
McCOMB KENNELS
WIN EVERYTHING
With an eight-dog champion event and
the finals of an open stake on the card,
yesterday's patrons of Ingleside Coursing
Park got a good run or rather many runs
for their money. Lexington beat Misa
Penman in the deciding round of the
open stake after a short run of 33 sec
onds. The dogs met ou even terms, each
having done but light work in the pre
vious rounds.
"When they were slipped Miss Penman
seemed to lead slightly in a long run up,
when Lexington drove out and took the
first turn. In a mix-up Miss Penman took
three quick turns, but Lexington shot and
killed.
In the first round of the- champion stako
the talent was decidedly out of form. OC
the four courses they forced odds that
were false, and as a result the short ends
won every event. In the order named,
Chicago Boy beat Theron pointless at 1 to
2, Master Claire t>eat Mose at 1 to 3,
Mayflower beat Golden Rule at 2 to 5 and
Lowlander beat Sisquoc at 1 to 2.
The coursing was good In all these runs
and of the straight variety without fluk*.
Mose did not run up to form and Master
Claire beat him all the way after an un
decided In the longest course of the day.
Chicago Boy and Master Claire divided
final honors without a race. The former
was undoubtedly the best performer la
the stake.
Lowlander showed well, but was un
lucky In the second round with Master
Claire. He showed the speed and took
first turn, but the hare doubled back to
Master Claire, who made good use of nla
luck.
Chicago Boy and Mayflower furnished
a good short race. The Boy led well and
took the turn, swerving the hare to May
flower, who drove out and killed the hare
and likewise her chances, stopping the
game too soon and losing by a point.
The day's results follow, with Judge P.
J. Keilly's official scores:
Open stake, second round— R. £. d«E Lopea
& Son's Carmencita beat A. J. Kemp's Mova
Out. 6-2: J. Edmond's Morning Glory beat
C/Shea Bros.' Mercy May, 3-2: Russell. Allea
& Wilson's Palmflower beat A. Van den
Uurg's Naughty Girl. 5-0: Captain Cane's Miss
Penman beat M. Mlchlllkl's Terrona, 4-2; A.
Massey's Hadlwtst beat Connell Bros.* Good
by, 3-0; T. Tlerney'8 Tea Rose beat M. J.
Welch's l<uiy Norborne. 6-0: F. Herring's St.
Elmo beat J. ilcKnroe's October Woodcock.
6-0; Bartels Bros.' Best Barsaia beat Lowe &
Thompson's Over the Border, 8-1: Connell Bros."
St. Helen beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan. 5-3:
H. Lynch's Lexington beat Russell, Allen Sz
Wilson's Belle Claire. 5-3: A. L. Austin's Firm
Koe beat J. McEnroe's Strombolt. 3-0; J. I.
O'Brien's Statesman beat E. Baumelster's
Warrior. 3-0; it. I>unlea"s Erin beat J. McEn
roe's Admiral Sampson. 2-0: D. Toland's Pleas
ant Girl beat J. Dean's Granada, S~»: Bartels
Bros.' Beer Brewer beat J. Hock's Jllnerva.
4-0; C. Bonar'i Frosty Mora beat P. Horgan'a
Lucretia Borsrla. 4-1; Conaell Bros.' Log I Soy
beat H. Lynch's Emma M, H-0; J. button's
Glen Anne beat J. Seggerson's GoM Hill. 4-3:
Russell Allen & Wilson's Palsy Claire beat
Thomas Reed's Charlie. 3-!: R. E. de IS. Lopez
& Son'n Sara beat Ster! & KnowleV Olita. I-O;
Kay Bros.' Hawker beat M. J. Welch's Mlil
dale. 7-1: J. Sutton's Master Lawrence beit
W. H. Shear's Alarue. 5-2.
Third round— Morning Glory beat Carmenelta.
S-«: Miss Penman beat I'almftower. 4-1; Te:v
Rose beat Hadiwtst. 5-4; St. Elmo beat Best
Bargain 3-0; Lexington beat St. Helen. 2-0;
Firm Foe beat Statesman. 4-3; rteasant Girl
beat Erin 2-0; Beer Brewer beat Frosty Morn.
6-5* Lor Doy beat Glen Anne, 4-3: Sara beat
Daisy Claire, ft-3; Master Lawrence beat
Hawker. 3-2.
Fourth round— Miss Penman beat itornins
Glory 4-3; Tea Rose beat St. Elmo. 9-6; Lex
ington'beat Firm Foe. 4-0: Beer Brewer beat
Pleasant Girl. 5-0; Sara beat Log Boy. 2-1;
Master Lawrence a bye.
Fifth round— Miss Penman beat Tea Rose. .-0;
Lexington beat Beer Brewer, 5-3; Master Law
rence beat Sara, 3-2. j- '
Sixth round— Miss Penman beat Master Law
rence. fi-2; Lexington a bye.
Deciding round— Lexington beat Miss Pen
man. 5-2.
Champion stake, first round — Russell. Allen
& Wilson's Chicago Boy beat George Whitney's
Theron. 8-0; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Master
Claire beat R. L. Taylor's Mose. 21-8; J. Sut
ton's Mayflower boat O'Shea Bros., Golden
Rule. 2-0: A. Johnson's Lowlander beat J.
Dean's Slsquoc. 5-3.
Second roumi — Chicago Boy beat Mayflower,
3-2: Master Claire beat Lowlander. 7-4.
Final— Chicago Boy and Master Claire divided
stake.
LEXINGTON WINS
FIRST MONEY IN
THE OPEN STAKE
Champion Honors Divided
by Master Claire and
Chicago Boj.
Winners.
Ingleside Furnishes Two Events in
Which the Talent Finds It
Hard Work to Name
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1900.
FULL WEIGHT OF PLEASURE
IS GIVEN BY THE GROCERS
6
TRUTHS EASILY DIGESTED.
Concerning a Method of Curing Dys-
pepsia and Stomach Troubles.
Dyspepsia and indigestion are consid-
ered incurable by many people who do not
realize the advance made in modern medi-
cal science, and because by the old
methods and remedies a cure was rarely
If ever obtained.
Dyspepsia is now cured as readily a3
any other disease.
What the dyspeptic wants is abundant
nutrition, which means plenty of good,
wholesome, well-cooked food, and sorao
thlng to assist the weak stomach to di-
gest it. This is exactly the purpose for
which Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets aro
adapted and this is the method by which
they cure the worst cases of dyspepsia, in
other words the patient eats plenty of
wholesome food and Stuart'9 Dyspepsia
Tablets digest it for him. In this way
the system Is nourished and the over-
worked stomach rested, because the tab-
lets will digest the food whether the stom-
ach works or not. One of these tablets
will digest SOX) grains of meat or eggs.
• Your druggist will tell you that Steu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets is a remedy sold
on its merits, and is the purest, safest and
cheapest remedy sold for stomach
troubles, and every trial makes one more
friend for this excellent preparation.
JHUSEUH OF ANATOMY
V Or The Largest Anatomical Museuoi in the
B -,*Vif*-r ,_ World. WakiipiM cr in/ contracted
V f^idS dhaw >c«i«l»«lrt"«*h)r the aiaau
fV f££ gj| Specialist (»tk Cott£v EsL 36 yous.
d flflffft US- wCR3Au~PRjY£TE DISEASES
\ L fT$^-7i ii Coa«ulfstlon fnn and ?tri' tly priva:e
A I T&^H T " x 1 "" 11 personally «•« by letter. A
V n fjr it O /WrrM Ctereia every caseunderraker!.
AtT tf \lM> Writefnr Enok.PBILOSOPaVtl
V 1 j I p JIA3O1A1.I:. MAII.B0 fPBTV (A
X n IL valuable bcoh for. mm;
y |>n J<#nDANACO..10MMarketSt.,aF.
visit OR- JORDAN'S great
I! Fills
Purely veritable, mild and reliable. Cans*
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of tha Stomach,
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. F«m&U 1-.
regularities. Sick Headache. *nillousnema. Con.
Ftlpatlon, Piles and all derangements of tha
Internal Viscera. Z3c a box. At r>rujt?!*t». o*
ty mall. RAD WAY A CO.. New York*
5 Specialists for Men. i
? **£) ' IF//9M F/V9*C flFfa *
I 731 MARKET STREET. S- F. {
ADVEHTISEMENTS.Knights of the Maccabees.
Golden West Tent Is. still advancing in
the matter of adding to Its membership,
and the social feature of the tent is not
overlooked, for at every review there is
Introduced, under good of the order, some
thing that is calculated to arouse the In
terest of the membership. That the tent
is a pood place to gro is made manifest by
the large number of members who attend
each review. ' ¦ ,
San Francisco Tent at Its last review,
held in May. transacted considerable busi
ness and under good of the order was en
tertained with vocal selections by the
quartet and recitations, vocal solos and
stories by Sir Knights Loughrey, Lerol,
White Van Orden and others.
Pacific Tent at its last meeting In May
had, two candidates initiated by Its new
team.' It t was the second time that: the
team had performed the work and it did
1 t W t ' 1 ' ' *
P.ERKELEY, June 3.-JIrs. M. Mason,
an elderly midwife, was found dead to
night on a lounge in her cottage at Sev
enth and Jones streets. West Berkeley.
Heath is supposed to have been from nat
ural causes. -- '... '
Found Dead at Her Home.
Suspected of Insanity.
OAKLAND. Juno 3.— Jane A. McDonald.
a domestic, rosidlrijx at 174.1 Russell street,
Berkeley, 1 was taken to the detention ward
at the il.'ceivlns. Hospital to-day for ex
nmlnntlnn by tho I-unacy Commissioners.
She was discharged three years ago from
the Uklah ' State Hospital.
OAKLAND. Juno 3.— The body of the
late Trowbridge II. "Ward, former Clerk
of the Supreme Court, arrived here this
evening from I,aytonville, Mondnclnn
County, where Mr. Ward died suddenly
yesterday morning. The funeral will be
heM Tuesday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock
from the family residence 357 Twenty-sev
enth street. Oakland Commandery.
Kniuhts Templar, will take part in the
services the deceased having been a mem
ber of the order. He was Grand Com
mander In 1S97 and was affiliated with the
Los Angeles Commandery.
FUNERAL OF THE LATE
TROWBRIDGE H. WARD
r? rSS DAISY MAE CHESSY. the
//\/\ well-known contralto of San
11 <u&> y> Francisco, has Just been engaged
by Maurice Grau for the new
Metropolitan Knglish Opera Company.
The engagement of Miss Cressy is for
throe years, ami during that time she will
undertake Carmen, MIgnon and other Im
portant roles. Miss Cresiy is a pupil of
Signor Clodio of New York, with whom
she has been studying for the last two
years and her work has been highly
praised by many eminent musicians. Jean
de Reske among them. The Metropolitan
Knglish Opera Company will make its
first public appearance about the begin
ning of October next, and In December
will start on a tour through the larger
cities.
Bernard Mollcnhauer. the violinist, will
BO East about the end of, this month on
a coneertising tour. An interesting item
in the Art Journal reports the retirement
of Edward Mollenhauer. the father of the
distinguished San Franciscan, from the
musical platform. Edward Mollenhauer,
also a violinist, and head of the Molien
hauer Conservatory of Music at Brook
lyn, N. Y., has just completed tiie sixty
eighth year of his musical existence, an
almost unprecedented record, ills leave
taking was, made the Occasion of expres
sions of hearty admiration and affection
with which this famous maestro 1* regard
ed by his brother musicians. Mr. Mulien
hauer is almost eighty years old.
Willis E. Bacheller, another musical
emigre to the metropolis, has had u moat
successful season this year. This delight
ful singer, whom we could so ill afford to
lo.=e has been appearing before a phe
nomenal number of New York and Brook
lyn audiences.
William Mertens is singing with the
Oa?tle Square Opera Company. Ills "Wol
fram receives high praise.
H. J. Stewart says: "It is gratifying to
note a growing appreciation of the organ
recital in our midst, though the position
of the organ as a solo instrument is hard
ly so v/ell understood in this as in other
pities 'Our recitals at Trinity Church nt
the close of the evening service have now
extended over a period of two years and
upwards of four hundred of the best com
positions and arrangements for the king
of instruments have been performed."
These recitals are still given at tile close
of each evening service., ¦¦"
Frank H. Belcher, the popular, basso of
San Francisco, now in New York, is win
ning laurels for himself with the Castle
Square Opera Company.
of the artistic little play of this week.
Fleurette and Gardner in: "An Eventful
Day." another musical specialty of Mr.
Joe Hart, were received with marked fa
vor. Fleurettc 13 the prettiest dancer and
prettiest girl one could wish to see.
Vandy. the juggler, and Mr. and Mrs.
Jimmie Barry are both good, and the
show is thoroughly satisfactory all
through. •
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
The police were notified of the depreda
tion and Patrolman James Rrannan was
detailed to round up the youths. By noon
to-day the following lad? had been sent to
the City Prison: Freddy Bradley. Miguel
Montijo. Morris Springer. Oeorge Lester.
Frank Flynn, Herbert Drake and Jerry
Dorcy. Brannan captured the boys at their
homes. They range in age from 11 to 16
Several hundred pounds of the rope had
been stolen and sold to a junk dealer for
a trifle. Enough evidence was secured to
have placed charges of theft against near
ly all of the boys, but the youth of most
of them saved the bunch of mischief work
ers from a more serious charge than that
of malicious mischief, which was regis
tered against each of them.
OAKLAND. June 3.— A crowd of youths
on plundering bent caused the loss last
nipht of many tons of hay owned by J.
A. Coonradt, whose warehouses are at 717
Second street. The : hay was stored on
G cove-street wharf. The young miscreants
cut every bale rope they could find and
carried off the bindings, leaving the hay
to be blown hither and thither by the
wind.
TONS OF HAY LOST BY
WORK OF MISCREANTS
OAKLAND. June 3. — The Young Men's
Christian Association has inaugurated a
series of special meetings for Sunday
afternoons during June and July. The
scries opened to-day with a discussion
by Secretary Xoel H. Jacks on "A
Great Battle* and How to Win It." The
future date are as follow:
June 1^-Rov. Leonard J. Garner of Hay
warda on "The Scarlet Letter, or Concealing
and COCfeaelns Sin," a lecture Interpretation
oi Hawthorne's novel.
June 17— Noel H. Jacks, on "lien.
June 24— R. H. Chamberlain, on "The Value
of tho Bible to a Yountr Man."
July 1-Patriotlc service. Ponator F. S. Strat
ton on "Lessons Kr^rr. America's Great Men."
July S — Former SiiiTtnw Justice Charles N.
I-iix "on "Christ the Man."
JiUy 15— Dr. JcV.n Fearn, subject to be an
novr.ced.
July C2— John H. Stevent?, on "Cast In the
Mold or Wrought l>y the Hand."
July 29— Georce U>. Gray, on "Ideaa."
SUNDAY LECTURES
FOR THE Y. M. C. A.
worth, six years old, a son of Professor
C. WJ Woodworth of the University of
California, was shot in the left eye this
afternoon by a missile from an air gun
fired by 'Willie Schuman, a playmate, 12
years old. The accident occurred ne~i*
the Injured child's home on Lincoln street,
near Shattuck avenue. Dr. Eastman was
summoned to attend young Harold. Tli«
injury will permanently destroy the sight
of the eye, but it is not believed the
risrht eye will suffer.
The boyi? had been using: street sipns a3
targets for the little weapons. The wound
ed lad stepped into range of the gun just
as his companion lired. The shot struck
the eveball. Tho boy's scream of pain
attracted' pedestrians, who got him home
as quickly as possible. The boys were
some distance apart , when the shooting
occurred, otherwise the Injury would have
been much more serious.
BERKELEY
¦a
June 3. — Harold Wood-
EYE DESTROYED BY
SHOT FROM AIR GUN
The opposition candidates are: Trustee
J L. Mitchel. Fred Mathleson. Joseph
Fletcher, John Ryan and J. H. Dutcher.
Other candidates are: For Clerk, M. G.
Callahan: Marshal, D. A. Smith; Treas
urer. W. t\. Taylor. These have the back
ing of an organization known as the New
Charter Club.
Four of the five present, Town Trustees
have been renominated on one ticket,
while the fifth member. J. -L. Mitchel,
heads the opposition. The former ticket
is as follows:
Trustees— Incumbents D. J. Murphy, J.
F. Meyers, C. S. Victor and T. E. Knox;
George Kennedy. \
L1VERMORE, June 3.— Two tickets have
been filed for the municipal election to be
held this month. This will be the first
town election since the relncorporatlon of
Llvermore, and much interest Is mani
fested in the contest now waging. The
issues are mainly personal and the result
Is a lively struggle between the contend
ing factions. Party politics does not en
ter into tho campaign.
TOWN CAMPAIGN IS
STIRRING LIVERMORE
No Danger.
"He sat on my Joke." "That was safe."
"Safe?" "Yes. There wasn't any point
to It."— Harlem Life.
OAKLAND. June 3.— Mrs. Charlton Ed
holm of Chicago will lecture Wednesday
evening at the Union-street Presbyterian
Church her subject being "Traffic in
Girls arid Rescue Missions."
Lecture on Rescue Work.
With * solemn — ligious services and ju
bilation the Portuguese of Alameda Coun
ty celebrated to-day the pentecostal fes
tival of the Holy Ghost. At all the cen
ters of the Portuguese settlements the
ceremonials of the church were duly ob
served, while the feasting and the gen
eral rejoicing which mark the yearly cele
b.ratlon were conducted for thousands of
participants, many of whom traveled
scores of miles to enjoy the two days of
festivities.
The scenes of principal celebration were
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call.
118 Broadway, June 3.
Throughout Alameda County Thou
sands of Worshipers Gather on
Occasion of Annual Pen
tecostal Festival.
The Feast Day Observed
With Religious Ceremo
nial and Jubilation.
HOLT GHOST DAY
IS CELEBRATED
BY PORTUGUESE
At St. Joseph's Church In this city high
mass was celebrated this morning. At San
Leandro the procession was elaborate.
The bearers of the crown and dove were
escorted by hundreds of chj.uren robed
In white and wearing garlands of flow
ers. With formal ceremony the emblem
was borne from tr;e residence of Mrs.
Maria Furtado. its custodian." to Holy
Ghost Hall. This mor^'"«r the societies
marched again to the church. The cele
bration was In charge of the following
named officers of the I. D. E. S. Society:
President. John Pereira; vice president.
Jose Olympia; secretary, L. J. Martins:
treasurer, J. A. Cunha; directors, J. S.
Dutra, J. J. Marchado, Antonio G. Sllva,
G. A. Almeida and J. I. de Mello.
At Haywards the exercises were In
charge of Joseph Olivera. president of
the local I. D. E. S. Society. The proces
sion waa headed by Mary Olivera and
Minnie Olivera. Grand President M. O.
Lawrence of San Ramon and J. D. Oli
vera were crown bearers. Festivities
were held at the residence of John Costa.
Rev. Father Lally celebrated high mass
this morning at the Catholic Church.
During the afternoon lunch was served
at Holy Ghost Hall.
at Oakland, San Leandro. Hay-wards and
Centerville. Tho festivities opened last
evening and were practically the same at
each place. Processions of the Portuguese
societies marched In escort to the silver
crown, emblematical of the religious ele
ment in the festival. After this the
evening was occupied with dancing and
festivity.
OAKLAND, June 3.— Vesper services
have been, resumed at Frultvale Congre
gational Chapel under the direction of
some of the most prominent vocalists of
Oakland. A choir, composed of Mr. and
Mrs. M. S. Hauser, Mrs. Charles DIngley
and Mrs. E. H. Marwedel, will be assisted
during the summer by leading soloists.
Among them are Miss Dorothy Goodsell,
Mrs. Carlmasso. S. D. Mayer, Miss Jean
Hush, Mrs. Charles Dingley, Miss Elsl^
Marwedel and Putnam Griswold.
Rev. A. J. Rodell, pastor of the Swed
ish Lutheran Church, will leave for Bur
lington, Iowa, to-morrow to attend the
synodical session of the church in Amer
ica. During his absence Rev. A. Kinell
will officiate.
Rev. John Bennett Anderson of London.
England, conducted services to-day at the
Twenty-third Avenue Baptist Church.
"Present Movements in Religious
Thought and Life on the Pacific Coast"
Was the subject of Rev. C. R. Brown's
sermon this evening at the First Congre
gational Church.
Rev. H. H. Wikoff preached to-day at
the Second Congregational Church.
Rev. D. O. Kelly of San Francisco of
ficiated to-day at St. Andrew's Episcopal
Church.
Rev. John J. Pardee of Xevada occu
pied the pulpit of the First Methodist
Church this morning.
A love feast was held at Chester-street
Methodist Church. Robert Robertson pre
siding. There was an address by Rev.'
M. li. Alexander, the pastor, communion
and reception of new members.
Rev. J. K. McLean. D. D.. president of
the Pacific Theological Seminary, preach
ed to-day at North Temescal Presbyterian
Church.
The Salvation Army celebrated "Chil
dren's day" with special services morning
and evening at the new barracks, Ninth
street, between Washington and Clay.
DIVINE WORSHIP
IN OAKLAND CHURCHES
yj LAMED A, June 3.— The body of a man, evidently a la
yji borer, tvas found this morning in the bay near the narrozv
gaugc pier by William Billing of this city. Indentations
of the right temple and over the left ear indicate that death was
the result of a pistol wound, though the marks may have been
The body was -not badly decomposed, having been in the
water about a week. It was attired in red flannel underclothes,
trousers and shirt of coarse blue material and brogans. Tzvo
nickels were in the pockets. Deceased zcas five feet six inches in
height and about 50 years old, the hair and beard being gray.
On account of the absence of Coroner Mehrmann, . no physician
has yet been appointed to determine the cause of death.
PLEASANTON PLANS
A GREAT CELEBRATION
PLEASANTON*. June 3.— Much progress
is being made with the arrangements for
the Fourth of July celebration. Merchants
are subscribing liberally and the sub-com
mittees are whipping into shape the de
tails of the elaborate programme. Bicycle
races are provided for in the following list,
of contests:
Quarter-mile handicap, free for all— First
three in each heat and fourth in fastest heat
to compete in the final. Entry fee 23 cents.
Prizes will be given to first, second, thlrd'and
fourth places.
Quarter-mile local open handicap — First three
In each heat and fourth In fastest heat to
compete In the final. Kntry fee 25 cents. Prizes
will be given to first, second, third and fourth
places.
Quarter-mile local Juvenile handicap— Xo en
try fee. Prizes for first, second and third
places.
Three-eighths-mlle open handicap, free for
all— First three in each heat and fourth In
fastest heat to compete In the final. Entry fee
23 cents. Prizes for first, second, third and
fourth places.
Quarter-mile fpecial invitation — First two in
each heat and third In fastest heat to compete
in the final. Entry fee 25 cents and prizes to
be given for flret, second and third places.
Fireworks, parade, horseraclng, fire
men's tournament, hall and banquet will
be among the features of the celebration.
There is to be a contest for the honor of
quepn of the day. More than $1000 has al
ready been raised toward the celebration.
An Alamedan Makes a Ghastly
Find in the Bay Near Narrow=
Gauge Pier,
MARKS ON DEAD BODY
INDICATE FOUL PLAY
Eeils and Rev. Thomas Fraser. It has
had the following pastors: Rev. John Rea,
Rev. L. Y. Hayes. Rev. James Thompson,
Rev. James Cameron, Rev. J. W. Healy,
Rev. \V. Scott Whittier, Rev. Henry H.
Rico Rev. H. D. Brascfield and Rev.
Dwight E. Potter.
The present pastor has been most active
in his work and stand* among the first of
the younger clergymen of this city. The
church debt a year ago, when he took
charge was $1000. This had been reduced
to S3M by March last, but a deficit made
the total indebtedness J1100. This has
been met in two months by cash dona
tions, sufficient also to leave a balance of
$2uO in the church treasury. : h-'-'':
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. June 3.
The members and friends of the Union
street Presbyterian Ciiureh celebrated to
day, with praise and rejoicing, the release
of "the orpanizatlon from a debt, the bur
den cf which had long tested upon it. The
festival took the form of a mortgage
burning jubilee. The documents repre
senting the liquidated obligation were re
duced to ashes. Hector Morrison, a mem
ber of the church's first board of elders,
setting them artre. The event was accom
panied by a double set of exercises in the
church auditorium and Sunday school
rooms, which were crowded with people.
The services In the church proper were
conducted by Trustee Daniel Kobertson.
A large choir rendered the special music
prepared for the jubilee by \V. J. Ojikes.
After the preliminary services, led by
Rev. Dwlght E. Potter, the church his
tory and the treasurer's report were read,
the latter showing how the $3000 debt had
been canceled. Then Elder Morrison ad
vanced to the chancel where, with due
solemnity, he faced the congregation, lhe
mortgage papers, in a metal vessel, were
touched with a lighted taper, ar.d as the
smoke from the ashes rose a hymn of
praise was sung.
Dr. Thomas Fraser. one of the founders
cf the church, made a congratulatory ad
dress. Rev. Robert F. Coyle. pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church, dwelt
upon "The People's Part" in future possi
bilities of the organization, while Rev. M.
H. Alexander, pastor of the Chester-street
Methodist Church, directed his thought
to "The Pastor's Part." The pastor. Kev.
Dwlght K. Potter, gave an outline of "The
Future."
Other clergymen who took part in the
cxercist-s were Rev. J. S. McDonald, Rev.
F. S. Brush and Rev. J. W. Phillips. In
the Sunday school rooms Elder Robert
Mott conducted exercises.
The Union-street Church was organized
from a Sunday school mission established
in 1877 by the First Presbyterian Church
at West Oakland. A year later the church
was formally established 'by Rev. James
Work cf Years Ends Successfully
Through the Active Efforts of
H-sv. Iht-ight E. Potter, the
Young Pastor.
Union-Street Presbyterian
Church Celebrates a
Lilting of Debt.
INCINERATES A
MORTGAGE WITH
MUCH REJOICING
AT THE THEATERS.
The Orpheum presents this week the
strongest bill of the season. . The special
ties throughout are of the best, and the
new acquisitions add fresh luster to the
exceptional programme.
Joseph Hart and Carrie de Mar. who
rive for the first time Mr. Hart's new
musical comedy ckit. "A Close Call."
achieve a ptunnlnjr puccoss. Mr. Hart s
parody on the "Stars and Stripes" Is no
end good and MIps <le Mar as a milliner
who "creates" a chapeau out of a lamp
shade and as a baseball thrower, like the
clever rest of it. is a delight. Miss Burk
hart appears in a new "playlet" this
week, "Iier Soldier Boy. She Is charm
ing as usual, and one learns with little
surprise that this clever girl is tho writer
At the Columbia Theater to-night N. C.
Goodwin and Marine Elliott will enter
upon the second and final week of their
Immensely sucr-^sful engagement in II.
V l>mur.ds comedy, "When We Were
Twenty-one." The advance f=ale of *eats
for the.«e closing nights is in excess of
that for the iirst week, and there will
no doubt be hundreds who will be disap
pointed In not having secured their seats
at an early date. The production is. with
out a doubt, one of the moat pronounced
hits ever scon hero. The stars and their
s'nnpcrt'n*? company are recipients of
iilchtly ovations for their splendid work.
The last performance of "When We Were
Twenty-one" will be given Saturday
night Next Monday night comes the
•Treat' magician Kellar. who promises a
long list of novelties In the line of necro
mancy.
The actors received a perfect ovation
for their good work, and Mr. Mathews,
after a last burst of applause from the
audience for the Mathcwa and Bulprtr
specialty, addressed tho people. At his
suggestion that the applause was Inter
rupting the "plot.' the audience, from
sheer astonishment at any sussestloii of
such a thing In tho "Rag Baby," ceased
their clamor. *** > onv ballet" is a good
turn, cleverly executed.
"doubled up, trebled up" in parts too nu
merous to mention, added greatly to the
t-njoyment of the evening, the burlesque
fxiravaganoes of the rag infant being en
tirely sale In their hands. Mary Marble
as Venus, and Bessie U'annehlll aa Miss
Pratt and Mrs. Maffinnis carry off the
feminine honors. Mary Marble is unique.
A manner all her own, an odd, childish,
attractive voice and a most original
make-up will certainly make her a "bo"
here. Kthel Thirwan, Gertrude Wood,
AdSyn Kstee and Marion Gunning, a sis
tor of the. sweet singer lately at the Or
pheum. do full Justice to tnelr respective
parts, as does the remainder of the ca_*5t,
including the "hompllest aog aiive."
Uandsome.
nL'NXE & RTLEY'S all-star cast,
presenting "A Ras Baby," attract-
J| £ ed an immense audience to the Cal
ifornia last nigiu. A "Standing
Room Only" sign was out at 8 o'clock
last night and scores of disappointed
pieasure-seeker? wore turned away.
Mathews and Bulger us Old feport
ayd Tony Jay, respectively, are \ the
Ciiicf attractions of the all-star cast, and
their work is the best of its kind. Walter
Jones. Phil II. Ryley and Tony Hart, who
at Golden Wedding.
Relatives and Friends j
TVo fjoldrn weddings were celebrated
In this city yesterday. One was that of
Mr. and Mrs. Bernardo Horfnghl at £222
Jackson street and the other of Sir. and j
Mrs. M. Shaw at fc'JSVi Geary street. Both
the aged couples received hosts of rela
tive* and friends, and congratulations
were FhoTrered upon theni from every
Quarter.
At the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Her
ir.ghl a reception was held in the after-
Dooa and a wedding ceremony waa p<?r- j
formed bv Rabbi Ni^to In the evening:. «
-The hcun« was tastefully decorated and I
thp presents were handsome and numer
ous. The couple were married fifty years
ago In St. Ix)Uis. They have reared a
family of six sons and two daughters, all
v.oil known In this city. A sumptuous
Fupper followed the ceremony In the even
ins*.
Mr. ar.d Mrs. £haw received friends
during the afternoon. The members of
thiMr family numberin- nearly flfty gath
ered at their home, and the occasion was
a happv reunion. They were married In
Mississippi In 1&50. arrived In Placer Coun
ty in 1K»!) and came to San Francisco in
UNITED FOR
FIFTY YEARS
Two A^cd Couples Receive
The ,U.<s Angeles jdiiiing Review pub- i
lishes a list 01 laige concerns that are i
t^owr using oil luei. o*? ginning with tne tol- j
lowing lu Lk>s Angeles: Pacilic Pipe ¦
Works. Globe Mitls. Los Angeics Litho- j
graphic Company, i»«? Angeles Soap Com- !
I ai:>. Union Iron Wonts. W. H. Perry j
.._:...•: Company, Thompson «& Boyje I
Con)]iaoy, pipe and cyanide piant; Man* ,
«fc Zobeltin Brewery, .Los Angeles -kietal j
Works, {Southern California PacKing Com
. vacy, Fulton Kngmc Works. Llewellyn j
iron Works. Lacy Manufacturing Com- i
pany. Baker Iron Works', Ice Cola-storage
Company and the Southern California
fcc-wtr-p:pe Company.
Here. also, are the names of some of j
the largest consumers or oil In San Fran- j
E Cisco and at other ponts in the northern |
part of the State, nmittins the sugar fac- !
lories: ISelby Smelting Company, 61KW:
California l'owaer Works, 7uw; Giant j
Powder Worka, 1\>-«J; Judson Manufactur- |
Ing Company, 3>K'j; g::s companies, 15,000; i
plass works* 40-w; Ciark Pottery Works, j
£00<>; Gladdinp. MrP*f" & Co.. 1*003; Stei- :
Ker Pottery Works. 11100; Western Meat
Company. I**- 1 : Piidric Borax Company, j
Z&fj; btauffer Chemical Works, 2000;
Natural Ice Company. 11W0. These alone
represent a. monthly consumption of
IhSoO barrels.
Four rt wineries in Los Angeles handle
?.:,,"" !iarr> Is per month. The Mining He
\!iv. Qnds that 2,r*JU.KK) barrels per an
num ¦ are needed in this State to meet
j.res< r.t requirements. It figures out
come of the details, as follows;
*?hij- rr.er.ts to £an Francisco from Ventura, j
Fan Pedro, I^s Angeki and Coalinjra, 50,*W i
barrel* per month; Santa Fe Railway consump- [
tion. 30,004 barrels per month; refineries. BJM
barrel* i«er month; Southern California con
i-u:::r:ticn. rcmpriFlny what is required for eiec
tnc and lrvcal lac-ories. but not including Santa
Fe Kail way requirements, S3.WU barrels a
ni-.r.th: average monthly requirements for su
gar :a'icr'cs. :&,<«.«) barrels; quantity used by
oil companies In the field for drilling purposes
in the Mate, say 7D0 barrel? a day. or I\5M
larr> :s per month, and that would only be
In* l-irr*?:? of oil a day to 150 corai«inle», while
It is v.eii known that there are many more than
that at wi.rk. These figures* thow require
xnente of barrels a month, or S.SM.S'JO for
the yur. Nor d.) they make any provision for j
The quantity used by the Southern Pacific and
Ltot Anet-les Termiral Railway companies,
which we old not obtain for this article.
The transportation of oil from San Pe- '
dro to San l-'rancisco by barge is a dem- 1
onstratc-d success. A barge carrying Ti'JO j
barrel* of oil can be built lor about *4!),(*W. I
The barge transportation enterprise be- ,
Jongs to the L'nion Oil Company. Th-i i
}i;;>e line will soon be completed all the !
way from the Whlttler and Fullerton j
fields to San Pedro.
The Hiiker*Mi«-ld Californlan publishes a ;
rumor that th»- Heed Oil Company has Fold.
«.ui. and aikges that the price was Jl,- I
bOO.000, :-..-:
The Los Anpek-s Times has Investigated
the oil belt In the City of Angel*, and has
come to the following conclusions con-
Th>- average width of the oil belt has been
Jound by drilling to be about the width of two
city blocks. In pome places the oil strike is
;• ?"s than one rity block, but in all the drilling
that has been done in the city definite llmitix- |
tlotii, particularly on ti;<» i-outh line of the'
strike, ii«ve (•een noticeable. While this ilini- j
tattoo, which nature has imp«jsed, is positive
w.>; of Bonnie Brae Mrert it la not eo well
<;• Bnc'd on the eafi and in Borne sections is j
Wimble. If a line were drawn from the later- !
t-f^-tirm r.t IJurlintrion ar.d Miramar to the ln
t»>r»£ect!Lti or <)<*an View and »'orona<1o it in i
»-«fe to t?ay that no experienced oil man would
r:>k the price of a derrick in the expectation !
of flndine th» brown fluid south of the line.
Tbe Fame fact hats be*n proved tme regarding
all territory l}Jn-r south of an extension of
The prospecting for oil in San Diego
County has caused an examination of
titlei to land -which has not be^n thought
of in many years. In addition to the
prospecting at Del Mar there is some
ttir at Sorrento, where a tract of fifty
acres has been leased by Harry K. Hef
fiennan.
Oil men in Southern California have se
cured a lease of 40,CX» acres In Texas,
¦which is buppoj^d to contain oil. The
basis of this lnvrstemt-nt is found in sam- .
pies of oil rf-celv«l from Texas and the
etatf-ment that it has been found at a
depth of 1V> feet and even l*ss. C. E. Shat
tuck. D. H. Ixnler, R. H. Corkey and
Ilarry AVhite are thp ones principally
conce*m»?<3 In the venture.
The finding of an oil w^ll at San Podro
Ss' possible. Atwut ail the water front J
from Long Besu*h to Bedondo has been !
leased for oil development, and operations i
The CaritaF Pass*. a>x>ut ten niilps from i
Ventura.. Im tbe -scone of oil proppoctlnff. j
An option on T/P0 acres has been taken by |
a company which has been farmed to put
down at !ea?t three t<--st bole*.
The San Diepo Tribune pives the follow
in*? account of the lakinK up of oil lands i
under the waters of KaJse liay:
Two claims *^f ICO acr*»s» ea^-h, located in the
hay. were f.>i ur-on by San Ij'.^ko r'artieg.
and as ponn as this became knivva «rv«?rat
men left at cnr« f..r Falye Br.y to rtake out
some *rf the oil land under the water. Tne
whole »f>ay will probably b* taken «p within a !
very chort tiir.«. a« it is clow to the city and |
can 1* ted for nothing, llaro' K. Ueffieman i
was the first cerf>on to discover this field. On j
the rhoree of I-'alse Hay are fpveral eprinrs j
er,d the surface of the i>ool*i etandinc close to
th**n Mr. Heffleman discovered, were coatfl !
wlth"r>:i The oil. when stirred.; shewed t>rl«- I
matic colorn. an indication that it is bituminous j
and not vegetable oil. At p-veral place* on the
bey a thin coating of oil was a!*;n found. nr..l
5n addition to this aspMltum was found at lex \
tide Mr. HeffleJTBUJ «t once ftarted to locate
f.f-v*ral claims. b*-lievln*? that he had found a j
fl«!J «fin-:)!Pr to that «t Summerland. where j
wo'Ib have l^en Ivred In the ocear. and an i
excellent flow of o!l found. There l« no mi«- |
'aV** about Uie KttiXtMUt* four.d tn FnifP Hay i
1 -ir.* cspha!t. for Mr. llpffieman fsted it ac
fr,rdinr tn the formula prr-scribed by the Ftate
t::n<-rrJoc1ft. f^d the test v/as succesafuL
======
The objects of the nrv.ly organized Cal
ifornia 1'etro'cum Miners' Association, as
ret forth in th« articles of incorporation,
are as follows: To promote and encourage
trie petroieum industry in California; to
assist in tccuiuf sucn national and
State it tjisiation as will best protect the
Industry; *y create a. bureau of Informa
tion rijjiiraiiiK t::c oil territory or Cail
lurr.ia. ana to a:iora proitcuon to in
quiring investors, lo ui&icimnaie Knowi
tuge oi the peiroieum interests and 10 dis
courage «ui resort to "mHUBnftfrfHtfg mcin
c«is m tne prouueuon ot on ana in trie
iiia:i:pulatioii ol on companies' itocii. 'ine
CJrtciors elected L>y tiie a^sooauon arc:
X— P. Crane, t;. JJ. Berri, Juim <J. Kirn
patrtcfc; t.. r*. Heald. W. Is. Simmons, n.
h. Fleid, «J. H. Jones, tt. Mams, u. A.
Lane and \V. 13. Winn.
Some Great Concerns That Are Using
the Ne\7 Fuel — Novel Prospect
ing 1 Below Water at
False Bay.
Over Two Million Barrels
of Petroleum Needed for
Home Use.
ASSOCIATED OIL
MINERS EXPLAIN
THEIR PURPOSES
Alameda News of the Bay Cities OAKLAND News of the Bay Cities Berkeley
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1900.
A Measure of Time.
"Have you lived very long In the sub
urbs?" "Not so very long; only about
fourteen cooks."— Brooklyn Life.
7
COXPAGNIE OENKRALE TRAriSATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT I.IXE TO HAVnE-PAItI3. jj^jj*.,
Sailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1S93. at
10 a.-... from Pier 42. North 1 liver, foot of
Morton st. I-A UR ETA ONE. June T: LA LO1:-
RAIXE. June 14: I-A CHAMl'AONK. Junf 21;
I/AQUITA1NE. June 2S. First class to Havre,
$60 and upward: 5 per cpnt reduction on round
trip. Sectm.1; clu »s to Havre. J45: 5 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL. AGENCY
FOn UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building).- New York. ¦ J.
F. FUG AZI.&' CO.; Pacific - Coast Agents, 5
Montgromery avenue, jSan Francisco.
HILL VALLET AND MOUNT TAMALPAI3
SCENIC RAILWAY— Commencing bunriay.
April 22. UW, via Sausalito Ferry. Week
days— Leave San Francisco, 9:39 a. m.. 1:U
p. ra. Sur.days— Leave San Francisco * a. rn..
> a. m.. 10 a. m.. U a, m.. 1:20 d. m.. 2 ii
p. rn. Wednesday. May 30 I Decoration dav..
train* will run on Sunday time. Tickets can
b« purchased at the tiausallto Ferry, nortb
end of the Union Ferry Depot, foot of Mar-
ket St.. San Franclxco. Fare. rounJ trio from
fan Francisco. $1 40.
».TO...
Philadelphia
AND RLTURN via
Santa Fe
Route . = ,
Tickets Sold June
12th and 13th good
to return 60 days.
Office, 628 Market St.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEARX Y St. £3tabllsh«l
In ins I for the treatment of Prtvat»
IHseiutra, Lost Mantino.1 Debility or
(lisea-'f^earicgon bodyand mln.'land
Skin Dli*ea»rti. T lh«'locu>rcore3wben
ntherifa 1 !. Try him. Charge* low.
<'nrf«ina;-antfrl. Callorwrlt%
Or. J. *'- «. 1IS1IUX. Hox IU37.Saa Francisco
Weekly Can $1.00 nerYear
OCEAN 'TRAVEL.
STEAMSHIP
San
j usm.
MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1 P. M.
For Tickets and Frelscht apply to OTTIN-
GER'S Ticket Office, ABenta, 620 Market street.
: !^\ Valencia
/ "^. for
SECOND TRIP.
LEAVES SEATTLE JULY 3
FIRST-CLASS LIGHTERAGE FACILITIES
AT NOME.
For passenger and freight rates apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Go.,
30 California St., S. F.
313 1st Ave. South, Seattle.
AMERICAN LINE.
K3W YOHK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. ra.
St Taul June 6 St. Louis July 4
Pt" Louis June 13 New York ......July u
St. Paul. June 27 St. Paul July li
KtD STAIH LINi.
•¦¦e'jvf York arjd Antvve— >.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon. . '
Xoordlnnd June fi Westernland ...June 27
Frlesland June 13 Kensington July 4
Southwark June 20 Noordland July 11
LAftPlRc I.INc.
S K ''OHIO." from Seattle to Xome and St.
Michael. M»y 24th. Subsequent failings from
fesltle to Nome. f-t. Mlcliael and Yukon River
Points, June 30, July 31. August 30. For rates
und oili*r informaltim apply to
EMPIRE TKANPORTATION CO..
30 Montcnmery Street.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHAJIF. COR-
ner KSmt nnj Itmr.nan *trerts, 1 o. m..
for YOKOHAMA an.l HONGKONG, cixlline nt
Kobe Jllogo), Nagasaki and and
connecting at llonskonij with .<teaiiiers for In-
dia. «*tp. No carto received on buard on day
of. Bflilins.
SS. HONtiKONfi MARIJ
Thwrsday, June 14, 1<WV)
SS NIPPON MAR! -.;.."... Tuesday, July 10. 19W
S». AMERICA MARL"
-. ...Friiiay. August 3. 1900
Via llonolutu.
Ho*md-trit> tickets flt reduced rates. For
frelKht and.pa».«a»;e npply nt company's office,
421 Market: street, corner First.
W. II. AVERY. Oenera! A?ent.
' ' THROUGH TP.AINS.
7:C0 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. rn. Saturdays— Cazadlero and way na-
tions.
5:15 p. n>. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)— ¦
Point Reyes ana way stations.
8:CO a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:45 p. ra. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
mtatlonn.
AND SAN RAFAEL.
VTEEK DAYS— 7:00. •8:30. 9:30. 11:CO a. m.X
13:45. IM, 3:li, 4:13. *5:15. 8:li, 6:40 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley ana Sao
Rafael, on Monday*. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— T:CO. •S:*)©. •4:00. »10:00. U:C0. n:3»
a. m.; 11:45. •1:30. 2:30. *J:45. 5:00. 6:00. 7^9
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not ran to San Rafael Sua-
dayt.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO HAS FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:J3. •«:30. 7:50. (S:40. »10:li a.
m.: 12:30. 1:13. 1:13. -3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m
EXTRA TK1PS on Mondays. \Ve<lne3<laj»
and Saturdays at *8:4o ar.d i»:20 p. m,-
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *3:C0. •»:30. •11:00 a. m. ; 'UCO
o.: J;00. 2:15, '3:30. 4:30. »3;4j. 6:C. 7:30. lO;4i
p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO 9A.N FRAXi.'ISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:53. f:45. 8:00. S:5i, 10:*> a.
m.: 12:35. 1:43. 2:C. 3:3'). 4::o. y.TJ p. m.
EXTP.A TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday.
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:3-".. 8:C5. 10:05. 11:10 a. m. : 12:li.
1-20 2:30. S:45. 4:'J. 6:!3. 7:0T». 10:30 p. m_
Via Sausollto ferry.
i '¦ Commencing April 22. 1DCC
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VJLLLET
WORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
,_,-_,_ -,^- L^-x J n_i^i-_ J -,_ J -i^r-iL_-_.-_r-_-i.i-^^._rT^rxj-.j-i_ri_i i_i i_ i_|-|_r— '
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. j
I • Steamers lea\-e Broadway |
j fe|). wharf, San Francisco: ;
K^y.,. For Alaskan P'"Tts«— 11 a. m. . ;
Ef^Esfek. June •'• 10 - 13 - 20 - -''• 20 - - IuIy
i 6w»*k*»^3S\ "'¦ Change to company's
r?K5K3v53l stPamprs at Seattle. i
M*Ss3aS jSsl Kor Victoria. Vancouver 'B. ,
£i^C-i^<5rv4l C), Port Townsend. Sea-tl^.
[^id^finqv Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom iWart.)-
11 a. m.. June 5. 10. 15. 20. 25. ;
30. July 6. and every fifth day thereafter: !
chanre at f-pnttle to this company's xteamers )
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 10 a. m.. June |
2. 7, 12. 17, 22, 27. July 2, and every fifth day j
thereafter.
For Ranta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay- i
ticos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo>. Gavlota. j
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro. ;
East San P*dro (Los Anffele?) and Newport— !
9 a. m.. June 4. 8, 12. 16. 20, 24. 2S, July 2, and I
everj' fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopplnsr only at Port TTar-
ford (San Luis Obisoo). Santa Barbara. Port I
Los Anseles, and Redondo (Los Anpel«»s)— 11 a. I
m., June 2. 6. 10. 14. IS. 22. 26. SO. July 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Fnsenada, Maedalena Bay, San Jn?* del
>"*abo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
pi'.l Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's j
folders.
The company reserves the rlpht to chnnre i
steamers, saillrt? dates and hours of sailing !
wltriont prevlou*" notice.
TICKET OFPICE-4 -New Montgomery |
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKTNS Xc CO.. Gen. Ajrents.
IP Market St.. San Franclico.
THE 0. R. & N. CO. I
DIPPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO i
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC $'2 First Class including BertT
FAnC $8 Second ria%% and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
June 2. 12. 22. July S
COLUMBIA Mills June 7. 17, 27. July 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte
Helena and all :x><nts in the Northwest.
ThroUKh tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Aeont.
630 Market st.
¦ GOODAI.L, PERKINS * CO..
Superintendents.
— t
OCEAXIC S. S. CO.— HON-OLTTLIT, APIA j
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S S. MARIPOSA (vta Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed., June 13, S p. m.
S S AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, June 27. 1S0O, 2 p. m.
I. D. SPRSCKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. <N Montsomer)
Pier 7. Pr»ot Pacific St e«.i*.hNit«r» 32" 1 M»'ke« St
. !
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJQ.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 3
p. m. Landing and office. Mi*>Mon-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1SOS.
FARE 50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
BAXLBOAD TEA VET*
MCTBnt!! PACIVIO COMPACT*.
(rACirio aiirrsM.)
Train* !•¦»»«. nm.l mr* •*•••< »• arrtv* »•
hah ntAM'itrn.
{3l»ia Line. Foot of Marie* Stteet)
tKATB - fkqm Mat 13. laoa — tum
•T:OOa BenlcU. Salaan, Elmlrk, VacatC!*.
Buauey %n<i bunmrotn. ......... •7:I3»
•7:00a Shwu Ezpreo— Daris. Williams (for
li.utiett SprtepX WiUuwa, lied
Bluff. PorfUaudT. «7Ha»
»7>3»a M&rtinez, s»n lUnton, V*i: e jo. N»p>t,
O»li»to f » »¦¦<! Sautk Rura *«il3p
•8:00a I>*ris. Woodland. KnighU LsudJnf.
Mirjt>iile,Oro*>i;i<t. *7f18»
•8i00* Atlaaeio Kxprecs- Ogdea and Eut *11-43a
•»i:|Ua Kan Join. Liiercnuie. Hiocktoii,
Ions, S*cr» m uto, rinerriiUe,
M»r;»tll>. rSiiira. Kail ItliiK MtlSr
•9:3«A Oskda-'n. ChlntM (for YoaemiiaX
ajuora. Carters. M:l*lp
•9:00* H&jwarcJ*. HUM and Way Htatlona. *l l:tSa
•0:0Va Lci Aoffsles £ipren — Muriuoz,
Tracj. Latlirop, dtookton, Marecd
and Kr.Mi.o •O:lljf
*D:3»A VaIIi-J... Martian and W»r tJUtloui 'O:l.1f
• !•:««> Tba (nrltml Limited— Ondeo. Den-
rer. Ouiaha. Chicag.i # ail3F
•11:00* Kilrs, Lifermore, 8u>cktoo, Saera-
meut'*. M«DduU. llanford. TUalia.
Portervilla Mil*»*»
•I«:OOm HiTvarda. Nile* and Way SUtlooa. ••»«»»
tl:O»r .-"icriiiiriiUi Kl»or Ste«ii>»i* f*>:O«A
•;i:«»p HaTwarda, Niits am! Way SUtlou. *3:43r
Miovr Mii'.iiif/, hau lUui-m. ValUJo,
Napa. Callatogti. Santa ICou •Ui13a
•l:uor Braicla. Winters. 8*cramen«<j.
Wuu.llam1. Knight* LautUtK.
Marr»*it:«. Or.. tills MO:I1 4
•*i:i«»p NMes. Man J...«.nul Stockton *7il3r
•5:00 j* Tim Oral i.jn;i>il -Tracj, Ftnauo.
UakerklieKI. Haiif-ua for Santa Bar-
bara, l.<. i Aogi-loa. "9:43a
¦5:flOr Fresua faeaivger— Martin^m, Iratb-
rop. Stccktuu, Mw— il bercoda
(lla/raoad for YosemiMi), Krwiui.MJiUr
•AiSOr New Jricei-f Eipr-si- »»ker»H»lJ.
* hanta U*rb*ra. ).><• Ai-grlea. l>«m<
luf. Hi l'»io. .'.en Urleaus aixl
Kut •¦•4!la
•»i!J»r m.i.i. W» Itm.ts— At:»niio Khi»m
for tlu|»f« »ml KaRt *H:43p
•8:»l(»r lUywarila. Nilu« M.il .Ian JMI •"•t'»A
til: Hi) i- V»!l»]i> *ia:l3r
•t.:O»p Oriental \:*!l - Of!,-:i. Cbeyenae%
Ouiaha. ChlCTgn *llr«3A
•«:OOpOi-i>«iiAl Mail— Ogdea. Daofet.
Umaiua. Chicago. Mil3r
t7i«0r Vaiir-J-.. l'urt <;u»t» ami Way BU-
lions 13:51?
•SiO3p f>rrb»n aud L'alifi>rni»> Ki|>r«m.Nao-
.......lit... \!tr)«.;:if. It.-.l.lInK,
|-.r»U,..l. r-'HT m.mi...I »n.l Kant '1:1-1*
COAXt DITInION (NariuiT iJauf;*).
(Kw.t »f il.rkrt Street. >
(7:43a Hanta Cruj Kxcitrstuu for Manta
Crux and rr:.i.-i;,.il Way 8Ution» tS:03r
*8iI9a Newark. C<iiitpiflllr.Kan.l»a«.rrlt(>ii.
:ioulderCnek.Mai:taCriiiaud Way
StaUons ••»2»r
t3i!3p Newark, C«uter«ll!». Kan ,1.*^, Now
Alinailen. Foltun. IHnaMw L're«k,
Santa Crm anal 1'riuciyai Way
StaUo.s |l«:S«a
•Itl.ip Newark. Man .loan. ».<• Catos -*»..1«%
a4il.tp GIsnwoo.1. F-'.ti.n, BMf Cruz e*:3«a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnaSit fatSiii-JU — ?i»t •' Market Sinn i5'l> SI —
•7:15 9C0 ]l.tt0t.M. tl:C3 *2:C3 13-33
•«:C3 J5:C3 •8:C3r.«.
»«•!» UiJUJS — f.il t'iflwMi— -fl.00 8:00 13:00*.M.
t!3:I3 '1:33 t2 C3 *3:C3 tt 03 'l.SZr.*.
COAXT DIVISION (IJroi.Hiani;*).
(Third mid •^^o^Yn»e¦l.^ SU.)
Itilttt Ocean Viow. rtmitb Man Krinci«co.. »«i3»r
t7:«<»« San Jom ai.it Way Mtutioiia (Ne*
Absadm Wmli.esUaysonly) *l:SOr
{7:30j Sui.iUj Excursion f < r Kaa Joae,
Santa <'T-iz. Pacific Grova and
Priaeipal Way Stations Z*4:33r
•»|OI»« Ntli J)M«. lira I'illt*. HMltK t.'niX.
DmUU «ir.»»e. l'a»> It. ». hti«
J.iiia Ol>ui><>, Surf. I.ompoc ami
rrinci;»»l WayKUUana. *4:IO*»
•IO:ln, Sau Jo«e ami Way .Station* •»«»•
•IIKIO* San.locir.LosCatostiiiiWaTiUtluns *3::i»P
f4il.1i- San Mat-... K-.iw. .!.!. Mrnlo Park.
Palo Alt.-. Santa Clara. H«.. .loim.
Ties Ptnos. Hmnta <:ru>. Salinaa.
Mon'-ertrj ami I'acinc Oru«« tI»:S«A
|S::tap !<an Joavan.i Way Stations m ~:.t»f
ftllir San Juseautt rrincipal Way Statiom *U:I3.«
t3:OOrSan Jo*?, Loa Gatos ami Principal
Way iitatioin t»:O»»»,
"5:111? flan Joraan-I Principal Way .Stations t»H*3*
»«::i»r>San Jnao ai.l Way Htittioi.a »•*:««*
fill:4-1r San j«caii'l Way S'aUcna *7::ti>p
A for .Mnrn:n« P fur Aftenionn.
'Dai.'r. t'> 1 i" l «' l <"i'-"! ! Sunday only
b Saturday only.
a Satnrltr an<1 c ¦•» ' "mixUt and Monda*
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AHD HOHTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*
"WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:C0. 11:00 a. m. : 12:35.
1:30. 5:10. 8:10 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trtp
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at 1:SA
and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:C0. 9:30, 11:CO a. m.: 1:30. t:3«.
5:00, s:30 d. ra.
SAX RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
•WEEK DAYS— <:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:43.
S:40. S:13 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:E5 and s:33 o. m.
SUNDAYS-«:10. 9:«. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40,
C:C5. «:25 v. m.
Between Kaa Francisco and Schuetxen Park
sama schedule as above.
Lea-re I la Effect. I Arrtre
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 13. 1300.1 San Francisco.
Week 1 Sun- I ! Sun- I Week
Days. [ day». f Destination.! days. 1 Days.
7:10 am 8:00 sm| Novato. 10:40 am| 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:Sa am Pt>taluma, 8:05 pm!10:25 am.
1:1} cm 8:00 pm' Santa Roaa. 7:33 pm; «:20 pra.
Fulton.
7:30 ara Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdnbursr.
Lytton.
Oeys-rvllle.
8:20 pm 8:C0 am| Clov»rdale. 7:33 pm 9:20 pns
T»0arn| I Hopland i [10:25 ara
J^ 1 ) pm| 8:00 am! and Ukiah. ! T:23 pm| «:20 pm
.': >am! 110:23 ara
I 3^X) am GuerneviH-. 7:3S pm!
»:Sr) pm? • ) i:20 prq
7:20 am 8:00 am! Sonoma 9:13 ami 8:40 ana
I and : J
t:10 pmf 5:C0 prni G'.en Ellen. C:05 pmf 8:20 pm.
7:30 ami 8:00 amj [10:40 am!10:23 ara
8:30 pm! 5:00 pm! Sebastcpol. I 7:35 pmj 8:3) pm.
Stages conn<»ct at Santa Rp«a for Slark West
Firing* and White Sulphur Springs: at Fu!tca
for Altrurla: at Lvtton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservlil* for SkagKs Springs: at Cloverdala
for the «1#ysers: at Hocland for Dnnoan,
Sprtnir*!. Highland Sprtn-rs. KelseyvlIIe. Carls-
bad Springs, Sotla Bay. Lakeport and Bartlete
Bprlntrs; at Uktah for Vichy Spring. Saratng*
Fprlnss. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Pprtngs. Upper Luke. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lle-rUy**. Bneknell's.
Panh^drln Heights. TIullvtll<». Orr'3 Hot
Splines. Men<5oclnr> City. Fort Brairss. 'West-
port, Usal. Wllllts. LaytonvUle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen'f, Dyer, Scotia
and Eur»ka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all point*
T&eyond San Rafael at half rates.
ticket of flew. KO Market it.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITINO, R. X. RYAN.
General Manafor. Gen. Pass. Agent.
LX^\^S0^^W''^^ is as necessary as a pick.
BlJm%M^l^r No miner should be without
th^lr'pS^^ one. Unaffected by extreme
¦^^^m Winchester Ammunition
HlllPlft Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send
ft*^pl^^® name and address on a postal card for
?j fll^^S 1 60-page illustrated catalogue. It is free.
Winchester Repeating Arms C<^7
$®ZirL/A * NEW HAVEN, CONN.
%** W\v| 4 i8 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal..THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,: JUNE 4, 1900.
8
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
(BUSINESS OFFICE ct The San Francisco
Call, ccmer of Market and Third streets, op»n
tntil 15 o'clock every r.'.cht in the year.
BRANCH Montgomery ftr-et.
«vrn-r C3av; open until 5r:*;0 p. m.
no llcjes etrcet; open until S:30 p. m.
CJ9 McAllister rtreet; open tintil 9:30 p. m.
tff L_rk1n ttreet ; cj*n until S:»0 p. m.
li»41 Mirsicn street; cpen until 10 p. m.
*_«1 Mlrsicn street, corner Sixteenth; opea un-
til 9 r- «k.
J06 Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. ra.
JCM Valencia street; or«*« until S p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucltj- Btjoett: cpen until * p. m.
; -
ME_TIX« .\OTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Comrnandery No. 16. ,jr-<
K. T.. Golden Gate buiMine, 6C5 Put- TjST
tor 5t.— ?tp(*n1 fussemb'.y 'i'UIS UVEN- rtjj
INC et * o'clock. All fraters are cour- W<
teouEly invlt^O. _
ROiiKRT MCMILLAN. Em. Com.
TVM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Chaj t~r No. 1. Royal
Arch ilasoae. nje^ts THIS EVENING. f%^
Buf-incfss and M. M. decree.
OCCIDENTAL Looge No 22. F. and A. «
M.-THIS (fttONDAT) EVENING at S J\^
o' clock stated ir.jetlng. By order t» J%J\
the IV. _!. * *W *
WA1.TEK G. ANnERSOX. Secretary.
t HERMANN Ledge No. 127. F. ar.d A. •
M.-Stated n:ee:ir : g THIS DAT (MON- 3k
1>AY>. June 4. I -00. at i P. m. By or- jS_a7
Ccr of tbe W. M. «w'
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
JJ1FPION Lodse Kft. If'. F. and A. M. «
—Officers and mciaben are hereby not!- _tf\_
fled to attend the funeral of our late /LZ\
brother. ALEXANDER F. SPEAR. on'V^
X!O.N->AT, Jur.e 4. at 1:30 p. in., from Mis-
sion ait-sonic Temple. By order of the W. M.
C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMONS Lodre No. 200. F. •
ard A. M.. Fillmore Ft., between Bush _#*»_
und Eutter-Ptr,t-<1 meeting and third ytJ\
decree THIS JBVEXIKO at 7:30 o'clock. ' >r »
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lo.is<* No. 1, I. O. O. ,oS_*£_v
F.— Inltfa-tlon ttOJCDAY EVEN- §_>_2S$!c
INO June 4. Visitors welcome.
WM. TROTTER. N. Q. -"¦Wil<v
MORSE Lodee No. -IT. I. O. O. F.—
The officers and members of this __J?f_l_s__:
!-¦'¦'.>:? r.rp hereby :. lined to :;-,oei
in the ha'.l on MONDAY. _t 1:30 Z™*®?
p. m.. to attend the funeral of our lat«
brother, CHAS. KNOKCHEL. By order
UEO. SHERMAN. X. O.
C. BRIND. Rec. Sec.
PIONEEF.S - Th« nTlo
regular monthly meet-
Ing of The Society of _^Rfe4-h'L'-&^«!!t*a
California Pioneer!-, -will _%ftSga I
be held on MONDAY. __88_!U^TSj'Ssi i
J-r" 4. 1900, at v o'clock _^g?^>ia JTjr Tt> |
p. m. A full attendance
is rtQuesttd as the flection of a nominating
committee to select officers to be balloted
ior at the annual election will be In order, i
and other business of Fpecial Importance will
come, before the meeting.
J. I. SPEAR. Secretary.
BT. AXPREW'S Society— Open meet- _ «»¦>.
Ing will be held on MONI 'AY *s li Qa
EVENING. June 4. at Scottish -^*JL££
Hall, 117 Lar-in street. Members 1 *
a__ friends Invited.
WILLIAM BALNAVES, President
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary.
A- O. H. DIVISION No. 2.— The regulai S__5»T
monthly meeting of this division will Tfi''?
be held «t Hlbernla Ha'.l. 1T0 Ninth St.. fe \-M
on TUESDAY, June 5, at 7:30 p. m. V^_o»
Nomination of officers for ensulng'SHEP
term. Fines for non-attendance will be
Etrlctly enforced. BARTLEY LEE, Pres.
T. L. CLANCY. Sec.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association-
Members: you ar- hereby notified to attend
jour meeting Till? (MONDAY) EVENING. 1
Jur.e 4. at 7:S0 o'clock. Business of the most j
vital Importance to each and every member I
wi!l be transacted. A full attendance is ear-
nestly requested. By r-r'ler
R. nORISSON. President.
F. E. DURHAM, Her. Pe<\
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
proven from Robert Hill, in the Gardners
Point mine, rvar Port Wine. Sierra County.
to depoFtt tatlinrs in Sawmill Ravine; from
Charles Hilton, In the Dry Gulch placer mine,
rear Pleasant Valley, El Dorado County, to
ceposlt talllr.rs in Clear Creek: from L. Fom.
In the Woodchuck mine. In Gold Lake Mining j
Dlrtrtct. Sierra County, to deposit tailings In
VTcKxJchurk Ravine, and from the Golden Hill
JJinlnr Compar.y. In the Golden Hill mine,
near Powellton. Butte County, to deposit tall-
lr.es In a ravine, gives notice that a meeting
will be held at rocn f,8. Flood building, San
Francisco. Cal.. on June 11. 1900. at 1:30 p. ra.
ACEXTS WANTED.
AN honest proposition for a good man', or
wcrr.-n. P.oom SG4. Parrott building. \
ASTHOLOGV. '
PROF. A. MASERY' of ' Egypt." greatest' astrc-1^
cgist end ralmlst in the world; satisfaction |
p-jarar.teed. 15 Powell et.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
r.o fee without success; collections. G. W".
HOWE, atty. at law. giO Market.cor. Stockton.
R. W. KING. PIT Market St.. room C27; all
c«5.es; no advance charcree; call or write.
AJ»VICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
•U". DAVIDSON, '.--z: Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S27 Mar- !
ket gt. ; consultation free; no fees In advance.
HATH CAWXET HOT AIR. VArOR.
I'.OBINSON $5 4-par.el7old!ngTdoor openi; firm
and fafe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 Ellla.
BELGIAN HARES.
CLIMAX RAEniTRY." ~
i'JZ Emerson et.. Palo Alto.
1934 Market St., Kan Francisco.
We have moved from Los Angeles the entire
1 :•<-)•: of the Olin-.ax Itabbitry. At Palo Alto
•we have on<» of the largest and best equipped
rabbltrle* in the i^tate. We are prepared to
I Jill any kind of an order for either domestic or
lnvportei etock.
We are the owners of Fashoda Lad (Imp.
¦on of Champion Fashoda). he scores 9i?i;
Cheshire Kins (imp.), score So.
We have also other bucks from lea din*
rtralns. ecorlxur from 90 to 85.
Our rtud fees are from $5 to SI5.
We can furnish Belgians with guaranteed
pedirrees from $2 50 up.
Mail orders 60lic!ted; satisfaction guaran-
teed. Open evenines and Sundays.
CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIATION
Capital etock J_5.0C0.
Any erede or strain of animal you want.
From f5 to $500.
If not as represented your money refunded.
We have a fine lot of Belgian Hare Capons
from Jl &0 to $2 each, all In prime condition
for the t_t'.e.
GEORGE A. TOCXG, Manacer,
Alameda, Cal.
AUCTION!
ACCTIONV
TO-DAY. 10 O'CLOCK SHARP.
6TOCK OF ENGLISH BELGIANS
1«32 MARKET STREET.
TM1L COHN, AUCTIONEER. I
CLAREMOXT Be'.frlar Hare Association— Does I
bred to narhoda Prince and Royal Rochdale. 1
110 to J50; N»«t strain youngsters, $2 to flZ I
-^11 T _^ f 'P ra > ;n av *- Oakland.
FOR rale-Wry fine stock of high-score, pedl- '
Freed IJeician hares, all scored by Mrs. Bush f
19Q9H Putter rt.. San Francisco. I
TREMONT mjtfan H« re~Co7. "ri34 Fillmore 1,17. !
Fan Frar.ciKeo. Cal.— Send 6c In stamps for 1
book on care and feeding. !
GOLDEN GATK BELGIAN Tl ARE C..C03 Gcld-
cn Gate avc. 5. F. ; 500 rabbits for eale cheap, j
PEDIGRFED A *»,. with litter* by Lord Farhoda !
Thief ilrrpoiti-g). Eureka Itabbitry. 1616 Turk. '
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
IIOW is this? Allen tells good new bicycles for
$20. SCI Larkln et., corner McAllister.
J*"EW Cleveland bicycle*; better than ever: Hi
LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larkin st.
GREAT barcalns in second-hand bicycles; from
*5 up: uf-nd for Urt. LEAVITT & BILL. VSi
L«rk!?) rt.. Ran FYnr.'-ifc«v
BOOKS NEW A\D OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS iK.ught and exchanged'
Helmet Book <"o.. T0« Mlprloa *t.. near Third.
BUSINESS CUAXCEsi
J7K>— SALOON, near city; departure cause~of
Mje - Mclaughlin & co.. revi Market.
Jir-OO— CORNER saloon and lunch house: elck-
ness cauM of ea:e. & CO..
TTTVi Market Et.
5230— BUTTER, egg tr>d provision route: horse.
v,ur.cr.; bargain. McLaughlln & Co., 777'i Mkt.
ST.--O— RESTAURANT; bargain; going to Eu- .
rope cause of rale. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
"T'.t Market st.
MCW-SALOON; city front; barg&in; on account
of ether business. McLAUGHLIN. 777^ Mkt.
EALOON doing; erood business; wholesale dis-
trict; excellent opportunity. Appljr aX iCl
Market et.. earner First. • . ,
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
A— $500; CORNER cigar store with card room,
close to corner Market and Powell sts. ; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C'4 Kearny st.
A— $200; EAZAR and stationery; choicest loca-
tion en Valencia st; rent $15; 2 living rooms;
great bargain: owner must sell quick; Nome
fever. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A-:C50f>: VERY best location: saloon close to
PowpII and Market sts.; business first class;
cr.ly patronized by best people; a rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 261, Kearny Bt.
A— $1000; CANDY route; ertabl. 20 years; ail
cash trade, clearing about $150 per month.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny Et
I A-J1E0; CORNER grocery and bar. with 4 llv-
I ing room*: south of Market st; a rood pay-
I ing business and rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny et
1 A— $12.-0; SALOON, elegantly fitted up; estab.
years and doing a good paying business; place
located close to Palace Hotel; rent $50: lease:
large etock. best quality: a rare offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. ICfe Kearny et.
A— $3r.O; CORNER ealoon; rent $18; choicest lo-
cation south of Market st; place doing a good
paying business, but parties can't agree. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26U Kearny Bt
A— $3.V); CORNER branch bakery and grocery',
with 4 living 1 rooms, on Geary st. : low rent
and good paying business; a rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2CVi Kearny st.
A— A. STENEERO CO.. 935 Market et
List your Stores,
City and Country Real Estate,
or any kind of business with us.
We can *eil for cash
Have buyers waiting
..$j;o— BratH-h nakery; bargain.
$01 — Cigar store; Kearny St.
' f ;:.O — Dallcacy store; Western Addition.
I $1500 — Express and transfer business; estab-
! llshed IS years.
j $450— Grocery and bar; Mission; eunny rooms.
A. STENBERG CO., 933 Market st Phone
Folsom 3243.
A^$SOoT RESTAURANT close to Government
wharf: rooms upstairs; owner 7 years there;
receipts average $25; meals 25c; fine place for
man and wife; going to Europe. STENBEUGS
CO., 925 Market rt.
A— $108: BRANCH bakery, candy, notions: 3
bloclSB from Market; 2 sunny living rms.: low
rent: estab. many yrs. STENBERG, 935 Mkt.
A— $Sr.O; LAUNDRY route clearing $50 month:
good horce and wagon: full investigation and
trial solicited before buying: srilenilid oppor-
tunity. STE.VBEKO CO.. 933 Market st.
$500— DELICACY, canned goods, butter and eggs,
pleasant Hvlng rooms; on principal street; do-
ing steady cash bus. Lane &, Co.. SC3 Market.
$5i0— DRYGOODS. notions, school supplies, liv-
ing rooms; cheap rent. Lane & Co.. SG5 Mkt.
$350— NOTIONS, school supplies, cigars and to-
bacco: living rooms. LANE & CO., S63 Mkt.
$C00— HOTEL and restaurant on prominent Et:
old established place: excellent business; fine
! chance for man and wife. LANE & CO..
1 F65 Market.
A CIGAR store and barber shop; corner; bar-
] gain; sickness. COWING & CO.. 713 Market
i A SALOON; dining room; 4 living rooms; near
Call bldg. ; sickness. COWING &. CO. 719 Mkt.
A PARTNER wanted, lady or gent, with $700;
can clear J1C0 month. COWING. 719 Market.
A— $15^0— RESTAURANT In country: best town
on the coast: owner retiring; poor health;
cleared $5000 in 20 years. KREDO & CO.,
36 Oeary Ft. ¦ ; ' 1
$700— HOME bakery and restaurant; suited for
a practical baker with family; established
business. KREDO & CO.. 36 Geary tt.
GROCERS. HERE'S A TERRIFIC BARGAIN.
JS5O — Corner erocery and bar: 13 newly fur-
nished rooms; always occupied by steady ten-
ants; rent $40. with an advantageous lease; Is
offered for less than Invoice value of stock,
fixtures and furniture. M. A. BROOKS. 12
Gold«*n Gate ave.
LIQUOR ftore doing good bar and family trade;
in good locality; great chance. Ml Market st
PARTNI1H for first-class restaurant in con-
nection with a large hotel: *ome capital re-
quired. Address box 4357. Call offlce.
FANCY strictly up-to-date grocery and bar.
on prominent corner for sale at a sacriflceT
Box 4362. Call office.
KERN County oil lands: a chance to get an
interest In 11,000 acres of choice oil lands; buy
now and gret In on the ground floor; these
lands are located In the great oil districts of
McKITTRICK. SUNSET AND KERN RIV-
ER. Kern Countj-, and belong to the OCCI-
DENTAL OIL COMPANY. Incorporated
under the laws of West Virginia: stock abso-
lutely ccn-asfessable: investigation solicited.
D. H. HOSTELLER. Agent.
Room 384, Parrott Building, S. F.
To rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine |
location; place is entirely covered and con-
tains 3 stall*: rent only $15: water free. In-
Qulre WM. HENDRICKSON &. CO.. 614 Call
building.
FOR sale — Candy and stationery, stock and fix-
tures; business established seven years:
prominent location: a rare opportunity; salfs
average year round $20 per day: price $40CC;
principals only. Address box 4335. Call offlce.
$625— BAKERY, notions, variety and news
depot; located In good business block; doing
No. 1 business; I sunny furnished rooms:
cheap rent: full investigation given: clears
$90 per month. Address C. V.. box 4347. Call.
$500— PARTNER wanted— First-class business
with large Eastern manufacturer; articles in
every household: absolute security; first-class
reference!-. Box 422S, Call offlce. - , \
DRUG STORE for sale; store valued at $3000;
fine cedar fixtures: can be boupht for $1500.
Inquire at 353 Twelfth et., near Webster, 9
to 12 o'clock a. m.
FOR sale cheap — Complete outfit for grocery
and barroom; store to let; rent cheap; lease:
best corner In Mission. NE. cor. Valley and
Dolores sts.
NURSERY to lease; 6tock. greenhouse, dwell-
ing on place; long terms; low rent; Income
first day. 9S3 Fortieth st. Oakland.
FOR sale — Branch bakery, notions, confection-
ery, cigars: selling on account 111 health. M.
A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
$1200— BUSINESS investment: will pay monthly
$100 to $150; Monday and Tuesday afternoon.
429 Parrott building.
$400 — GROCERY and delicacy store; living rms. ;
pood location; other business reason for sell-
ing. 644 Golden Gate _ve., cor. Franklin st
MOST centrally located corner saloon In city;
doing good business; reasonable; reason for I
celling, going to Cape Nome. Box 4316. Call, j
FOR eale — On account of departure for Nome,
a fruit and candy business and paying welL
Address box 1748. Call offlce.
FOR Kale — The Central Hotel In Napa. con-
taining thirty rooms: central location; price
reasonable. Address R. CUFF. Napa, Cal. '
FRUIT ftand to let; 416 Fourth st: low rent.
Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Sfont'gy.
$100 — BAKERY, notions, candy store, with fur-
niture of 2 roqms, for sale. 225 Ninth et.
FOR eale — Corner grocery and bar; fine loca-
tion: cash trade. Particulars 124 Oak st.i •.
$1000— BUTCHER business; elegant fixtures;
fine trade. Apply 2133 Mission st.
CHICKEN and fruit ranch; cheap. ELROD,
Frultvale Station.
TO Let— Barber shop: 2 chairs; rent cheap.
SiChi Seventh Et.
$450— CORNER (jrocery and bar: 4 living rooms;
acount of sickness. 1111 Howard; no agents.
FOR sale — Good outside route on morning pa-
per; easy terms. Box 1736, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLAFS eloop yacht 32 feet long. W. II.
CAMPHELU Sausallto.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. I
W. CASU'ELL _• CO.. 412 Sacramento st. J
CLASSIFIED advertlsmentu and subscriptions '
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st. j
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisments and
subscriptions has been established at 10: j 6 Va-
lencia st.
LODGIXG-HOrcRS FOR SALE.
26-ROOM corner $1700 j
Hotel and bar; SS room* l'Crt |
• 31 rooms oti Market t«t. : only 000 ;
25 rooms on P.iish «t.; rent $55 9iO t
15 rooms on McAllister Bt 4',0 !
16 rooms; fine corner; clears $150 1000
16-room house on Turk «t 750 |
"iO room?? on Jones Kt: clears $SS.... 3~A
10 rooms r>n Ma«on st.; pa>m«nts 450
MONEY TO I/lAX ON ANY HOUSE. •
TELEPHONE MINT 73C.
II. C. DECKER. 1CC0 Market st. opp. Fifth.
A-Jl ROOMS, clears $123. bargain $900
rooms, very fine, profitable $2400
;0 r., clears $180. nice, boarder*, bon ton. $1000
14 r.. hlehly recommended, lawn, rent $40. $575
75 r. $40<!0, clears $200. 67 r.. $45C0. clears $250
12 r., $;00; rent $50; clean; clears $34 monthly.
1<1 wher houses: money to loan.
M. GRIFFIN, 713 Market, rm. 1. nr. Call big.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026~ Market st j i
Telephone Mint 15S1
28 rooms; good corner: only... $sc;O
4S rooms; rent $123; good piano 2«09
13 rooms: fine corner; offlc<"s zZ'fi
ITS rooms; cheap rent; reduced to 1800
S2 ROOMS, fine furniture $ir,00
10 rooms, Ellis r.l ....; 330
S rooms and saloon .*...: ; 1400
O-rooni hotel, must sell.. 6000
Money to loan. C. D. DAVIS, r.63. 516 Market.
J350— 11 ROOMS. a!l rented, with big yard for
raising rabbits; low rent BASILE, 3 Eddy.
$1*00— :A ROOMS: all rented: goivl location : !
Market: cent.; rent low. BASILE. 3 Eddy Bt.
ELEGANTLY furnls-hed, newly built flat on
Washington Kt. near Jones; a bargain. ' A.
M. SPECK Sc CO.. 667 Market Bt.
1S-ROOM lodging-bouse; must be sold at once;
owner leaving, city; call and make o£Ter.
ECHW__NHABD & CO., 917 Market et* • ,
>»xi_ if! ill > 1 1 iiit' 11 1 >iii»iiw_ii m nT-rr-finiHrTfliif
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
CORNER house, 14 rooms; finely furnished; all
ranted; lease: rent S55. 219 Grant ave.: call
12 to 1 or after 5 D. m. . ¦
AN elegantly furnished 6-room flat. Including
piano and 6ewlng machine; roomers pay rent.
621*4 Mission st; no agents nor triflers.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st
WAGON for sale. Apply at paint shop, 1313
Broderick st, off Geary.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons. bUBffles. carts & har-
neea. work A driving horses. ISth & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
TESTS and communications from "dead"
friends to-night. 10c. ARNOLD & DICKSON,
148 Sixth st. room 12. /
GO to Watson, the occult palmist; lucky and
true; 25c. 15S1 Market st. near Twelfth.
MRS. WEST— Trance, test medium and mag-
netic treatment. 1206 Market st. rooms 15-16.
EARLE. 330 Ellis b_'; stances Sun. and Wed.;
readings daily: will leave the city June.lCy
WYLLIE, the Los Anseles photo medium. 330
E!!ls et.. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays included.
MRS.J.J.WHITNKY. clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life rcadr?: pitting. $1. 1104 Market.
CL A IR VOYAXTS.
A —MRS. Pit CLARK—
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 203 TURK
St., may be consulted on all affairs of life;
ehe will show ycu how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost af-
fections: unite the separated; satisfaction
guaranteed bv mail; s»-nd stamp for circular
¦ with special "terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 205
Turk St.. near Jones.
MME.LANGE. thp great clairvoyant, tflls past,
1 future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
I efcret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market St.. bet 7th and 8th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant, card !
reader; born with double veil & second sight; '
diagnoses diseases with life readings: L, 50c;
j G.. $1: palm & clairvoyant sit, $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth st, r. 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; best advice. 823
Mission st., ; r.ear 4th, rm. 3; 25c up; ring bell.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 92114 Mission, op.Mlnt.
READINGS dally, cards and tea leaves; dates,
facts, business advice. 37?. Polk st
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st., original gypsy
life reader: readings. 25c; no sign.
CARD reader and palmist, removed from 953
Mission st. to 13G Sixth, room 8.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 25c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally . 212>i Sixth St. >-.¦>;
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
b.ind's picture: 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st
CAPE NOME.
DON'T rush off to Nome with a toy gold ma-
chine; examine the Common-sense Gold Saver.
JOHN M. MOONEY. 624 Elizabeth Bt; Cas-
tro-st. curs.
CAnPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you^become disgusted with poor work
- send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing: Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; teL S. 40.
SA.NITART Carpet Cleaning: and Dyeing Co.,
342-344 McAllister st; phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 8th St.: tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned nt 3c per yard; laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth stt: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 1S6. ' >> -. :--
COLLECTION" OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET. J
COTTAGE. 6 rooms, $15. Broad place, oft Bush
et. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
COTTAGE. 3 rooms; rent $3 60. 8S33 Twenty-
fifth st.
fS — XEAT cottage, i rooms and yard. 1705 Turk
St.. near Scott
FURNISHED COTTAGE.
FURNISHED cottage of 5 rooms and bath for
3 or 4 months; $20; references. "17 Third ave.,
Richmond.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket Bt.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg:., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 iO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell St. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $5: gold crowns, $3: new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
sliver, COc; painless extraction. 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 969 Mission, cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new: teeth
from $3 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
VAN* VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, {3; fillings. 2Sc.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG
1S41 Polk Bt
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postese paid.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELVS C. P. ' deg soap creates a
emooth. silky coat: for sale by all druggists
or at the hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50: all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wants a few more
engagements by the day. Box 4325, Call.
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT. 030 Sutter st, dressmaking
school ; ar;y pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary st. ; dresses
made, $3 up; dresses made over; perfect fit
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Inp. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt. I
EDUCATIONAL. ~
A— GALLAGHEU-TARR-JUntted Schools. Par-
rott building; Gallagher. 18 years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr. expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't; a school con-
ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue.
HEALITS Buslnoss College. 21 l'ost rt. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy. English
brunches, civil, electrical and. mining engin-
eering, etc.; new aO-rage catalogue free.
ALL students but two taking full course thia
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1238 Market St.
AYRES', the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket et; life scholarship, $50; Includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art;day&eve,
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln St.;
the coming school: thorough; up-to-dnte; all
branches; Dositlons- secured for graduates.. .-.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vry. assey. eynnide. arch.; day. eve.: est 1S84.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market
SHORTHAND tausrht personally or by mail; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. O. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
S. F. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session
begins June 11: catalogue upon application.
M. L. PANCOAST. Secretary. 510 Golden Gate.
PIANO lessons given by lady, $3 month; use of
piano dally for practice. \ 21G Minna st
PROF. MERKI. successful teacher of mandolin.
..violin and guitar. 100S Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School: modeling,
designing, carving; airbranches. 424 Pine Bt.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
Ieilies nnd tantieme n. O. Slnz; 36 Geary, r. 31. '
ARITHMETIC bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $0 mo. 1 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
. Call. 16 pages, sent to any- a'ddress : In the
United States or ' Canada one rear, for. Jl, '
postaze paid. 4.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place. o3 O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4334.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
' tractor; cttabl. over 10 years; all kind help.
' 421 Post, near Powell:- telephone Bush 135. j
ORPHEUJI Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 425 Powell, nr. Sutter: teL Black5072.
JAPANESE ai:d Chines- Employment Offlce;
bert help furn. ; tel. John 2121. -06^- Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411Vfr O'Farrell et.; tel. East_42_«._
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS French cook desires situation,
also first-class German cook, with best or ref-
erences; a neat young girl as second. girl or
I light housework; an Infant's nurse, able to
take entire charge, best of references, city or
\ country; Swedish second girl nnd a thoroughly
j competent cook and housework girl await sit-
uations at MISS CULLEN' S. 325 Sutter St.
— _ / ' — — —
YOUNG woman wants work by the day, wash-
ing, ironlnff or hcusecleanlr.g; 75c a day. In-
quire at 1412 Mason st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman. German, wants posi-
tion; jreneral housework nnd i>lain cooking.
Call at 1414 Lyon st., near .Sutter.
SWEDISH girl desires position to, do second
work and sewinc; no .objr ction to the co'.in-
try. 37 Rausch at.. -bet; Seventh and Lighth.
RESPECTABLE g!r! Wishes housework;^ pood
references if required; wares ?2.">. Call 15 Las-
kie st. off Mission, near Ninth. _
A "MIDDLE-AGED woman wants work in pri-
vate family; has reference. 137 Third, rm. 12.
A WOMAN wants work by th» day washing,
housecleanlng, etc. Call 732 Howard st. j
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to j
do general housework and cooking; -wages $23
to $25; city or country; no postals. 1020 How-
ard Bt, room 33.
LADY with a little girl 4 years wants situation
for seneral houseiyork and cooking; no ob-
jection to the country- Call 118 Clara st.
EXPERIENCED young lady desires offlce work
as assistant bookkeeper; good reference. Ad-
dress MISS W., 503 Franklin st
YOUNG lady desires work In small private
family: home treatment expected. Write X.
Y.. box 4326, Call offlce.
POSITION by young lady as stenographer and
typewriter; good references; moderate wages.
Address box 4343, Call offlce. *s:^
SITUATION as companion to sick lady or
chamberwork. Address box 17S6. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED, reliable nurse, with refer-
ences, for Invalid or Infant. Box 1732, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a reliable woman to
clean up doctor's office. Box>4351, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Th.Td st, near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to Jl 60 night; Jl 60 to SS
week; convenient and respectable: fre* 'bus
and bagKage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Ftllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisement and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla et.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Cajl, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for tl.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A COMPETENT German man and wife desire
situations; understand all kinds of ranch I
work; ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SITUATION wanted by man as butler or to jro
to Europe with family or with a gentleman;
can see tbe family: knows Europe well; hii;h- j
est references. Please address J. F., box 4359,
Call offlce.
AN experienced bookkeeper and general office
assistant, trustworthy and reliable, age 24,
wishes position with established firm; refer-
ence from late employer. Address box 4318,
Call.
COOK, colored, wants position; 20 years' expe-
rience In hotel, restaurant and boarding-
house; does not drink nor use tobacco. H. A.,
1006 Clay st. room 7.
COACHMAX, single, thorough experience, and
man about place; sober; not afraid of -work;
many years with same employer; best refer-
ences. Address LOUIS, SG9 Mission st
YOUNG man wishes a situation as bartender;
no objections to small town; no experience.
L. L. JESSUP, 1157 Kentucky St., S. F.
WANTED— Situation taking care horses, gar-
*s denlng, etc. ; good driver nnd all-around man.
Address box 4310, Call offlce.
A POSITION wanted by an experienced fore-
man on fruit, grain or stock farm; thoroughly
understands farming in all its branches. Ad-
dress E. T. BROWN. Call oince. Oakland..
WANTED— Young man wishes position as as-
sistant bookkeeper, bill clerk or other posi-
tion, with good reliable house; good refer-
ences. Address T. H., 400 Post st.
YOUNG man with some experience desires po-
sition as barkeeper or assistant, some old es-
tablished saloon. Address box 4311. Call.
JAPANESE very young boy wants a position
as sehrfol boy In nice family; speaks English
•well. Add. GEORGE NOFE. 19 Franklin st.
CLASSIFIED ad/:rtiEements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbscrlptlons has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia Ft
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, , German expert optician,
1071H Market st— Examinations free: German
eye water by mall.. 50c. Phone Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS, cottages, etc. A. II. SPECK & CO..
C67 .Market st.
80S McAllister: F;6r?2r.' f>3 Tremont av; C;8r$20
1214A Pf-ott: F; 4 r..$10 703V4 Webster; F; 4r $20
120 William: F: 3 r.$10 C22».i Fell; F; 3 r $13
604 Buchanan; F; 4r$12 33l Eddy; F; 4 r :S20
A— NX corner Sutter and Scott; finest flat In
city for the price; Investigate; 6 laxee rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated If seen.
A— 8-ROOM flat: corner: sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417% Third.
A— 2 UPPER sunny modern flats. 5 and 6
rooms, bath each. 973 and 975 Golden Gate.
A— ELEGANT 7-room flat: modern Improve-
ments. 2410 Sacramento St., near Webster.
ALL bright flats, 4 and 6 rooms, bath. 1042
and 1044 Sacramento st, below Mason.
BRYANT, 902. cor. Seventh — J-room flat cheap;
between 1 and 3 p. m.
COMFORTABLE 4 rooms, yard; lso rial 6
rooms, near Mall dock. Key 623A Second st
COZY flat 3 rooms: rent $10. 26 Re«d St.; key,
1323 Washington st., naar Jones
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; piano; $20. GEO.
W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market st.
IIAI9HT, 459, near Fillmore-Flat 4 sunny
rooms, basement, laundry; $12.
HAIGHT, 623— Elegant almost new flat. 7 rooms
and bath; very reasonable to steady tenants.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MINNA. 1006, west from Eleventh— Upper flat
of 6 rooms; hot and cold water; bath; gas;
rent with water, $16. . ' ..
MISSION. 1513, near Eleventh— 6 sunny rooms,
bath, laundry, yard; rent $18. ¦
NEW modern sunny flats; bath, yard, base-
ment: 6 and 7 rooms; reas. 1831. 1935 O'Farrell.
PAGE, 1614 — 5 rooms, upper, etc.; noiseless;
sunny; at Park; $20. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
PEARL, 27, off Market, near Valencia— Lower
and upper fiats; rent $S and $7.
SEVENTH, 46, opposite new Postofflce— Flat of
4 sunny rooms; rent low.
UPPER flat. 6 rooms and bath. .1120 B Turk
8t.. near Lacuna. > ¦ 1 ¦•¦.,•., ¦ , - -'¦.¦¦¦. "•-•.¦-'
VALLEJO, 9:0',4— Upper flat. ' 6 rooms, bath;
laundry; garden; large cellar: complete. Key
at No. 90S'/4; rent $20.
WALLER. 312 — Four modern' rooms; bath, cel-
lar and yard.
$7— THREE rooms; large yard. 727 Minna st.,
near Ninth.
$16—4 NICE rooms; bath and toilet; nice yard
and cellar: water free. 1917 Geary st.
$14^5 ROOMS and bath. 171S Leavenworth st. •
CHEAPEST and best In America— Tha Weekly
Call. 16 pages.' sent to any address In tha ".
United States. or Canada one year for %i;
postage paid. '• ' ' " *' • '. ' * ' '¦ •.-, i ,
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNITURE of"*p_rUally f urn lined" sunny 7-
room corner flat for sale; flat to rent; near
Park. Address box 4313. Call ofllce.
.. FtlllMTUKE FOR SALE. /.
4 ROOMS fumlnhed in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 ranee. Kinu Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUllMTL'R E WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. ,773 Mission St., pays .
highest : price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission;, tel. Ited 3353.
A' WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The .Weekly Call, '.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing:, $1 per year. -
HELP WAITED— FEMALE.
COLORED cook. $25; colored maid. $20: same
house. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
PASTRY cook, city, $35. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st ¦
A— 2 CHAMBERMAIDS, city, $20 each: second
girl, country, $25) 4 cooks, $30 and $25; cook.
Dillons Beach, $25; housework, Modesto $25,
Oakland $25, Benicia $25, Brentwood $20, Mare
Island $20. Alameda $25, Mill Valley $20.
Bouldln Island $20, Belvedere $20, San Rafael
• $25, and several other towns; nursegirl. $15;
40 houseglrls. $15 to $23: 10 chambermaids to
wait. $20 each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook. Institution across the bay. $30.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl, Palo Alto. $20; must
• know how to sew well. MISS CULLEN, 825
Sutter at.
C. 1 R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5
, HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 chambermaids, sprlnes. straight work, $20;
head waitress, summer resort, $30: 14 wait-
resses, different springs and resorts, $20; 6
waitresses, commercial hotels. $20; 4 waitresses,
city, S20; 2 restaurant waitresses, $8; lunch
waitress. $3 60. no Sunday work; 3 chamber-
maids, to wait, city and country. $20; woman
cook, resort, $40. free fare both ways; 2 fancy
lroners. resort a+id city. JSO. >
FAMILY ORDERS
Woman with a child on ranch, Colusa Co.,
$20; ranch cook for 8 or 10 men, $25 now, $30
during harvest time, fare paid from here:
house girl, small family. Concord, $15: ranch
cook,' $20; house girl. Belvedere, $20, see party
here ; Monday ; 2 house girl?," San Mateo, $20;
second ¦ jrlrl. $20, some- plain sewing: house
girls, city and country. 1 C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary Bt. ' • . • •<
WAITRESS for mining town; $20; fare here.
« C > R4HAX8EN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— 3 WAITRESSES for same summer resort;
$20; very nice place. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
1 WANTED— Young lady who understands halr-
! dressing, manicuring and ventilating; or as
: partner in well-established hair store. Ad-
dress box 4361, Call offlce.
ilADY cook with some experience for bakery
and coffee parlor, $30 per month; also a girl
with some experience for the bakery at 127
Fifth st. - ¦ ¦.••
WANTKD— An experienced saleslady In ladles',
children's and infants' wear. MARKS BROS.,
10C ftixth gt.
WANTED— Girl for general housework: plain
cooking: small family; German preferred.
1715 Buchanan St.. after 9 o'clock.
WANTED— Woman for plain cooking. Apply
GIRLS' DIRECTORY. Central ave. and Wal-
ler st. '¦-¦¦: ;/
WANTED— A young girl to assist general
housework and to care for baby. Call to-day
at 1413B Mason st.
OPERATORS, button-hole makers, finishers &
apprentices; wages learning. 509 Kearny, r. 2.
GIRL for general housework and cooking for
country. . 1409 Webster st.
GIRL 16 to IS years to assist with light house-
work; wages $S. Call mornings 2005 Pine st. j
FIRST-CLASS finisher on ladles' tailoring. 211
Post st.
GIR.L for general housework; $15; good home.
Apply from 10 to 2 p. m. at 2307 Jackson st. i
YOUNG girl; assist light housework and care '
baby; good home. 1006 Geary st. i
WANTED— Young girl for housework; small'
family. 1103 Golden Gate ave.
IROXER on ladles' wear to work In factory.
723 Market St., room 35.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. S58 How-
ard. bet. 4th and 5th, over handball court.
GIRL for light housework. 3631 Seventeenth St., !
near Dolores.
STOUT young girl for light housework; $20;
nice home. Apply 7C0 Howard Bt.
MORE irlrls from 14 to 16 to learn clsrar mak-
ing; pay while learning. 303 Eighth st.
APPRENTICES for dressmaking taught thor-
ouchly. 3S7 Geary Bt.
YOUNG German girl to assist in light house-
work; small family. 34-43 Sixteenth st.
A WAITRESS wanted; $6 a week. 7 Taylor
street.
WANTED— A good woman pastry cook. 467 Mc-
Alllster st.
WANTED — An apprentice girl on custom coats.
29 Ninth st.
BOOK cornDosltor wanted. Jalumsteln Plato
Printing Co.. 310 Hayes st.
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts: beginners taught. LEVI
BTRAUSS & CO., 36tf Fremont at.; elevator.
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 324 Fremont
GIRLS to learn to make cigarettes at JOHN
BOLLMAN CO.. 36 Jessie St.; good wages to
be earned: steady work; reference.
WANTED— Experienced hands to pack pickles
iff glass. Apply at Pacific Vinegar and Pickle
Works. 4C9-419 Fulton st. > i ;
2 CHAMBERMAIDS, who can wait for dlnrwMV
first-class city hotel; $20 and found. See party
at 1533 Valencia st.. bet. 2 and 4 Sunday.
OPERATOR on vests; steady work. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market Et.
WANTED — Apprentice for millinery. 505 Pow-
ell Et.
DINING-ROOM girl wanted; good wages. 106
Second st
EXPERIENCED mangle hands. MERCAN-
TILE TOWEL CO.. 251 Jessie st.
GIRL to assist In housework and care for 2
children. 932V_ Guerrero st.
PURE walnut hair stain, $1. 124 West Fourth
St.. Los Angeles, Cal. ' /
WANTED — German or Swedish girl as house-
keeper. ROSENBAUM, 612 Octavla St.
LADIES to fill positions; country; managers
through Calif.: ref. required. 2421 Fillmor*.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St., bet. 13th and 14th sts.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis st
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. 8H Antonio st.
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell st. off Jones.
FEW young ladles to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.received nt Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
HELP 1VAXTED— MALE.
COOK for steamer. $45; first-class cook, ref-.
erences, good wages: pastry cook. $10; cook
and wife, JSO; steward, $13 week; second cook,
country. $35; dishwasher, $23; waiters, $10, $),
$S-week; dishwashers, potwashers and veg-
etable men; other hotel and restaurant help
wanted. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 62S Sacra-
mento st,
3 YOUNG men to drive milk wagons, $30 and
$35 and board and $50 month; 2 men and wives
for. private families and ranches; 10 milkers
for dairies near city. $3<) and $35; 10 farmers,
$25 and $30 and $1-25, $1 50 and $2 day; 20
teamsters, $1 day and board and $1 75 and $2
day and $60 month; 100 laborers and .woods-
men, $26, $30, $35 and $40 and board; carpen-
1 ters, blacksmiths, edger men, blacksmith
: helpers, car builders, machinists I and other
mechanics at going wages and many others.
J. F. CROSETT Agency, 623 Sacramento st.
AT C. RJ HANSEN* & CO.'S. ...104 GEART ST.
100 teamsters, rockmen and laborers; Coast
road; $2 a day. Free Fare
50 four-horse teamsters. t2 25 a day. for Los
Angeles and Santa Barbara divisions. Free
Fare
30 laborers for S. P. Company work; $2 a
day; board %\ 50 a week. Free Fare
23 section hands foi» S. P. Company; $1 70 a
day. Free Fare
20 quarrymen, $2 25 a day; 10 miners, $2 50;
6 muckers. $2: jackscrewers, $33; crosscut
lawyers, $33;. laborers for the woods, $30; W
farmers. $28; 6 milkers, $25 and $30
'?r....l.".. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook $70. second cook $43, for springs
hotel; second cook for springs. $50; night
cock for railroad camp $40; head and second
cooks, country hotel, $50 and $33; cook and
dishwasher for a cafe. $45 and $20; third cook
$40; third cook. $35; 20 dishwashers, potwash-
ers and kitchen hands, $20, $25 and $30...
Waiter for springs. $23; 2 waiters, same
country, hotel, S23; waiter, country club. $40...
Bellboy for Yellowstone Park, $12; bell and
elevator boys, city. $10. $12, $15 and' $20. C.
. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— HOTEL clerk for first-class country hotel.
C. R. -HANSEN & CO.. 104 Gearv »t
A— LAUNDRYM AN • and . wife to run laundry
S at "a* springs " hotel ; 'laundrymanr for Institu-
tion, $40; Ironer, Tyler machine, .$15 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ¦ 104 Geary st
WANTED
Machinist, country. $3 50 a day;- 4 haying
hands. $1 25 a day and board; 4 farmers for
orchard, $26; 10 laborers for rock crusher. $25
and board; 2 hay balers, 13c a ton: 10 scraper
teamsters. $1 75 day; harness-makers; vege-
table gardener, country, $25; bedmaker, coun.
try, hotel. $20 and found, fare paid; 2 car-
men for mine, $2 a day; man to drive mule
ore car. $2 day; 4 miners. $2 50 day: black-
smith. $30 and board; choreman and drive,
country,. $23 and found : 10 woodchoppers for
mining company, " everything advanced, good
•wages. • see boss here; butcher and » kill, $25
and: found; 4 milkers, $30 and $35; lumber
pilers. $30 and . free fare. W. D. EWER &
CO.; 610 CTay Bt - ¦ ¦
BARBERS" Progressive Union — Free • employ-
ment H. Bernard, Sec, KM 7th; tfl. Jessie 152.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READT..^PHONE MAIN B84S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Help for all parts of California, Utah. Wash-
ington, Arizona and Hawaiian Islands and
Oregon. 543« MEN ~
FREE FARE and office fee SI and no other
expenses to Los Angeles and Santa Barbara
districts, we ship you to-day. 9 a. m. and 5:30
p. m.. Tor the S. P. R. R.. laborers and team-
sters. $2 day. FREE FARE
...HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CREWS...
Head wagon drivers, J2 day and found: 283
men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work In
fields, header men. etc.. SI 25. $1 50. S2 day
and found. COME AND SEE
...stables, vineyards, orchards,...
,:••••;.; gardens
J* ¦tablemen, city and country Jobs, $40, $35,
$o0, $2o and found
129 vj neyard and orchard hands> JJ5, $30. S2S
and found ; 5 gardeners, 2 coachmen. 1 stable-
tnan, all for private families. $30. $25, $20 and
found. COME. SEE
Men and wives $50 and $80 and found
- DAIRIES. CHEESE FACTORIES
S3 milkers for different places. $35, $30 and
found; 5 buttermakers and run separators,
boss here. $35 and found; 5 cheesemakers, dif-
ferent jobs, $33 and $40 and found
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO S5 SAWMILLS. ETC
•• NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
563 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $26 to $40 per
month and found
also lumber Dilers. bark peelers, $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen. In
fact we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $80. $75, $90. $120, $60.
$50. $40, $50 and found: 584 woodchoppers. tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines,
$3. $2 60. $2. $150. $1 and 73c cord
10 laborers to build flume, $30 to $40 and fd
MECHANICAL HELP
19 blacksmiths and horseshoers, $2 50 day. $60.
J"0, $45. $33 and found; also 6 helpers. $12 a
week. $33 and found; 6 woodworkers, car-
riage-makers, $3. $2 60 day. $40 and found; cir-
cular sawyer, $60 and found: 2 boilermakers,
13 60 ilay; carriage painter, stripe and letter,
fare 60c. $10 week and found
screw tender, $32 and found; 3 carriage paint-
ers
....S. P. R. R.— DIFFERENT DIVISIONS....
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE $1
Section and reconstruction and NEW WORK
LABORERS, YOU'LL SUIT. REGULAR
WAGES
SPECIAL NOTICE. ..MINES. ..BIG WAGES
35 laborers for mines, no experience required.
YOU'LL SUIT, $40 to $48 per month and
found: 29 miners, single hand $90 and $75
CROWDS GOING TO GOLD MINES
SPECIAL
3 milk wagon drivers, $30, $25 and found;
planer hand. Sawmill Co $50 and found
FOR A NEW MINE
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 50. $34 and
found: 6 men and wives for ranches. $40, $35,
$30 and found
..MEN. YOUNG MEN OR STRONG BOTS..
26 wanted to pull rhubarb, pick peas, pick
fruits, hoe between vines, make yourselves
otherwise useful. $17 50 and $20 per month and
found
man for wine cellar, country. $25 and found
READ THESE CAREFULLY
363 laborers and teamsters for all carts of
California, also many for San Francisco. $3.
$2 50. $2, $1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
home
Wanted for _ new railroad Free Fare
teamsters $2 a day
rockmen $2 a day
laborers $2 a day
Free Fare Free Fare
MURRAY & READY, 634 and S38 Clay st.
A— COOKS BAKERS WAITERS
9 bakers, city and country shops $40 and $50
33 cooks, restaurants, hotels and boarding-
houses, ranches, etc $35 to $60 and found
waiters, city and country hotels and resorts..
$25. $30 and $35 and found >
washer, country laundry. $30 and found; bar-
ber; to run country shop >
Porters, elevator boys, etc. : 4 bakers' helpers, :
$30. $35, $25 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634 and ess Clay st
A— FOR A BANK SYNDICATE..YOITLL SUIT
25 men or strong boys to work in a large or-
chard and vineyard and farm, to pick fruits,
work In packing and drying houses, help to
dig small trenches so water can run down be-
tween vines, etc. ; wages $26 per month and
found; steady Job year round If you are will-
ing to do the work; general manager will
teach ycu
ALSO
Harness-makers, shoemakers; boys to peddle
fruits. $15 to $20 and found; 4 boys to work In
a factory. $3 to $5 week. MURRAY _:
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOK for a club, $50 and found: 6 bakers,
some fare paid. $50. $45. $35. $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st^
A SPECIAL
Man to run gasoline engine, fare 50c; 4 hay-
makers, same ranch. $1 25 day and found,
harvest wages will be paid. 50c fare, call
early; 2 boys for machine shops, city. $6
week: 10 crosscut sawyers, (40 and found; 6
Italian laborers, $45; 10 swampers, $33 and
found
VERY IMPORTANT [
Cook, $30; also a dishwasher for a camp Job; j
cook, $50, no night, no Sunday, work, city I
men for factories and foundries; polisher, !
help starch, $35 and found, country laundry:
16 laborers for a mine. $C0; 12 muckers for a
mine. $60: teamster, coal and hay yard, city.
$2 day; cook and wife for a hospital. $37 60
and found : steward, $13 to $17 50 week. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
STRONG boy about 16 years wanted to work
In ornamental plaster shop; $3 a week first 6
months. Call to-night bet. 7 and 8 o'clock at
£39 Waller st.. bet. Stelner and Pierce.
BOY wanted. UPTON BROS., Printers, 409
Market st.
WANTED— Errand boy. Apply 632 Commercial
street. • j
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 253 First St.
WANTED— Elderly man to pick fruit and clean
up bakery. Ill Larkin st.
WANTED — Strong steady boy who wants to
learn the bakery trade. Ill Larkin nt.
BOY 16 to 13 years old wanted to attend soda
water fountain. Inquire 810 Market, bet. 1&3.
¦BARBER; steady work. 947 Flllmore st.. cor-
ner McAllister.
BOY with some experience In plumbing. Call
at 623 Davis st. between 7 and 7:30.
SOBER, strong man for all-around work; mar-
ried German Dreferred. J., 615 Larkin st.
ELDERLY man for boarding-house. 322 Main
St., between 7 and 8.
AN assistant undertaker wanted. "23 McAlIla-
ter st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady; good wages.
1780 Seventh st.. West Oakland.
GOOD dishwasher wanted; German preferred.
71$ Valencia st. ¦ ¦-
PLUMBER with tools. S4S Howard st.
DISHWASHER; sober, competent man. 44S
Third st.
WANTED— Elderly man to carry advertising
, sign. 342 Kearny st.
BARBER wanted; steady man. C23 Clay st.
WANTED— Boy about 15; experienced In wran-
plng. MARKS BROS.. 12K.' Market st.
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop for sale; must sell at
once. Box 4321. C.all office.
W « N L TEI^r RfCruUs for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodled>-an-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 85 years; not less than 5 feet
4 inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height-
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
or r iw U i? i?nP ly •" o the M « ln e Reerultin-
Offlce. 40 Ellis st.. 8an Francisco, Cat or
530 K St.. Sacramento, Cal. •
NOTICE to Journeymen painters and paper-
fcangers-Nottee is hereby given to Journey-
men painters and paperhangers to give the
c.ty of Bakersfleld a wide berth for the pres!
ent. - as she has already a greater number
than can be employed. L. O. STEVENSON"
Secretary Local Union No. 29. Bakersfleid. Call
MEN wanted to learn barber trade- only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special Inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trade-
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
gee. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE? €35
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; only 1
weeks required; situations secured; wages
STffiHfi". RX _ii
Angeles. . ""
Vr £%? E %~ y £ n tO , canv » ss - n <* collect in the
U t and°T S C bonon 8 oeVu 0 ndln n g d 5 t0 * TEEHAX '
B gg5 T _£?4-g: clTi cl o7fi C a e! ore; . sUtai;^
WANTED-2 good men for collecting and sollc-
ltmg with good references. Box 4227, Call.
WANTED— A Oerman boy to help on cakes.
Inquire at 231 Fourth st.
GE % T y ? u . r sho * s ha lf-soled while waiting. 25c to
60c. £62 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
10 MEN to go to Cape Nome; $65 each; apply
at once. 618 Third st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet, lsfand 2d sta.
INTELLIGENT steady boy to learn printing
trade. 819 Market St.. room 47.
APPRENTICES wanted to learn barber trade
at their own price. Box 1747. Call offlce.
1 GOOD finisher and 1 helper in wagon factory.
630 Broadway.
WAITER wanted. Hotel Repeller. 781 Sutter
street. , .
BARBERS— Good-paying shop in nearby town;
a bargain. DECKELMAJf BROS.. IPS Ellis.
MEN to learn barbering and hatrdresslng at 3.
F. Barber Soaool, 7UA Howard st.
HELP TVAXTED — MALE.
FIRST-CLAS3 coatmaker wanted. BELASCQ
& HARRIS CO.. Ml Market et. _____
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; bis money.
- 138 EUI3 st. _______
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rclkln. Reno Housa proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 130 l&rs»
rooma; 25c per "night: %l to C per week.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: IS
— years' practice; Examiner Mdg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 7C0 rooms. 23c nlsht: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and front the terry.
LJNDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms ISc to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103S Va-
lencla «t.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
THE sixth lot of the 200 horses from tha Cant?
ranch just in; from 12') up; S blacks, I
browns and 2 whites In the lot. 2170 Market
St.; Castro-st. cars pass the door.
40 HORSES for sale: also wasont, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Ho— • M_r_«t.
127 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
BULUVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSES— Young, well -broken, for all purposes.
cheap; best In city. 721 Howard st.. nr. Third.
FOR rale— 2 extra fine carrias* teams. DAL-
2IEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale cheao— 3 business wasrona; also 9
strong buKgleg. 19 City Hall ave.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
GROVE. 720— Four large, sunny rooms, or S;
bath, gaa. yard, garden and laundry-
GROVE. 814. sunny s!de— House of a rooms and
bath; large yard; basement.
HOUSES TO LET — PCRMSHED.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath: completely fur-
nished; rent JC5. 1621 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA, 1711. near Van Ness ave.— 19-'
room house, completely furnished.
SUBURBAN HOUSES.
COTTAGE —anted In Mill Valley or vicinity;
particulars and rent. Addresa T. B. HOOP*
ER. box 4360. Call offlce.
LOST AND FOtXD.
LOST^ Pocket-book coatalalnjc Brother_oo<l
Firemen card and receipts. Address box 4£S,
Call offlce.
LOST — Sunday afternoon, small white Japan-
ese dog; 1 ear brown. 1 brown spot on aide. 1
dark eye. 1 light. Return 830 Oeary; reward.
LOST— A fox terrier' on Cole at. Saturday; r»-
ward. 771 Cole st.
LOST — Brindle greyhound bitch. Return to J.
O'SHEA. 17th and Vermont; receive reward.
FOUXD— White greyhound, dark rpots: owner
can have same by paying expenses. Box t3Z3.
Call offlce.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles* phy-
sician, formerly 401 Van Ness, returned from
£urcp« with advanced knowledge; safe and
reliable cure fS; have treated thousands o£
cases with success; 15 years' practice la 3. ?.;
maternity home; low fees. lOOT'-j Market st.
DR. O. TV. CDONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: »afe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands or
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
borne; consultation Jree. Write or call at
10*314 Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 23 yrs.
practice: home In confinement: treatment at
efnee. $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post at., bet. Hyde and Lurk!™.
MRS. DR. KOHL. ladies' specialist— Guaran-
teed treatment at office. $5; consultation fre»
and confidential. 1122 Market St.. bet.VHason,
and Taylor; office hours 9 to 5. Sundays 10-4.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Mark«t: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late
eel en tl He methods: treatment. S3.
DR. NO TOT KEE, late of Canton. China; d!»-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; saai-
tarram.TM Sacramecto,cor.Kearny:advlce fre*.
Dr. James Pierce, 267 O'Farrell. rooms 3 and 4—
Female specialist: home or offlce treatment »_
1 NICE reliable home for confinement: reasona-
ble. 2012 Folsom St.. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
T. S.— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists.
111S Market St.: every case guaranteed; *5 up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGEXER- Private borne
In confinement. 131? Golden Gate av*.
DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 11." Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLP1IAN. 135-1S7 Fremont it
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW, 213 Spear st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
S3 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO.
NAN, 1917. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission rt., abova
Elxth: write for catalogue.
tii-KARAT diamond stud, a perfect gem, eheaa
at $230. will sell for J163. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant ave.
A MOST elegant pair cluster diamond screw*,
with a beautiful turquoise In center, for J_3;
they are a bargain at 1200. UNCLE HAUR1U
IS Grant ave.
•WHISKY for family or medicinal use: 4 full
quart bottles, ezpressage prepaid. |3 20; noth-
ing on case to Indicate contents; twice t_»
price could buy no better; mall orders «ol!>
Ited. F. EPHRAIM & CO.. IS Montgomery.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced ta
$100: concert records. S2 50. BACXQALtTPX.
933 Market st.. Ban Francisco.
A— $3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats, fl 75. Pop-
nlar Price Hatters. 830 Kearny st.. nr. Plna.
A NEW Weber piano; must be sold; party
going East. 3450 Nineteenth st.
OHMEN engine: 12x12; nearly new; SO to 44
horse power. 2n First at.; top floor.
24-FOOT gasoline launch. In fine condition. f3£O»
C. P. STEW ART. 41S California st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, slagl*. tor *_:»
cheap. Call at 532 Mission it.
1ND-HAND Dow duplex steam pump: !•_,
steam. 6-ln. water. H. 8. WHITE. SISMlsaton.
A FINE suit. S10; dress pants. |2 75. MI3STS
CLOTHING PARLORS. 417 Montgomery st.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies: selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. B13 Examiner bldg.
WE! rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for S3 Sflk
Portland Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Poet st.
CASH registers of every description for sale
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. 9th and lOta.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers: lathes; ?d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Bcalo.
A NEW Standard Typewriter: latest model:
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1S32 Market «t.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg"*
lar proof safe. S8 California st.
6 A FES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
EECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 flra and burj-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. TUB
WALTZ 8AFK. lt»-lH Market st.. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided ftlcker: 1 planer and matcher; I
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCEM.A>KI»rs 1VAXTS.
PRIVATE party will pay cash for a fsw nlcd
diamonds. Box 4319. Call.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
HEIRS to unsettled eftates~ln"probate can r»-
ceiv* cash at onte; ilso first or second mort-
gage loans en :rea' t estate, furniture and
5it°S_ : «Jl_. r , en:o '»- Prompt dealing: no
?5?I^S Ms loaa « n 1 , s Tinted- EQUITABLQ
LOAN CO.. room S0». Examiner building.
ANY proposition, any amount; ¦ per cent; first
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
«<£?!£ J?' IeKac ii s - """PoraUon Joans, chatt-l
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
A __i£ ln _^ t M4 V? V ent: UU 2d and M mor --
KF . '-? n i lvld * d —*«««. real estate In pro-
~l ' f et 5* T vJ_SS! befor « doing business elae-
where. R. MgCOLOAJJ. 24 Montgomery, r. 3~
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
st" • r ?ef S \f^ ald -,TA n Je ~«>nr Store. S4S _L_St
st.. tel. Main IS44. Branch 19 Third st.
"_a__r£V_?__t_na8&Aquatic Sportsrat Sutro's
There was a large attendance at Sutro's
swimming baths yesterday and nothing
happened to mar the pleasure- of: the
aquatic sports. The several events and
the ' winners are ; as follows: Fifty yard
• ¦ '."-¦¦ -
Daughters of Liberty.
California Council of the Daughters of
Liberty has • of late been < unusually active
In the matter . of attracting to its \ mem
bership. It has, for the current term,
already initiated twenty-three strangers,
and it has prospects of several more dur
lns the current month.--,'
St. Peter's Pariah Picnic.
The - picnic and reunion . of the parish
ioners of St. Teter'H parish, to bo held at
Los Gatos on the 21st inst.. promises to
be a great success. Already the sale of
tickets has been very large and the com
mittees having the affair in charge are
working hard. The price of ticket* will
be $1 for adult* and DO cents for children.
Tickets will be on sa'o at the following
places: ; H.F. Wynne's drugstore. Twen
tv-second and Folsom stroets: John H.
I3awson'8 drugstore. Twenty-third and
Valencia streets; E. d'Artnay's drug-store.
Twenty-fourth street and Potrerb avenup;
D. F. O'Keefe. Twenty-third and Harri
son streets; Monitor oiiice. Murphy build
ing; Home Investment Company, Parrott
building; Deasy's shoo store. Sixth street.
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
C M Haviland. Oaklnd W E Chapplow Stockn
B T Bush, Oakland XV M Rramhall, Cal
F A Boole, Sanjter G Phillies, Sacto
H R Carter, San Jose 2 A Myers & w. Sonora
J L. -Starr, Cal . . J J Svoboda, Chicago -
A P Carter. Montana L. J Abrams, Stockton
C E Lindsay Sta Cruz A L Burbank. L s Ann
S J Laird, Cal B F Shepherd Sr, Cal
W Keller, Cal IH L Dickey & w. Cal
O H Close & w. Cal I Mr & Mrs Brownlee.
J R Murray. Cal Vallejo
J B Nichols, Cal Mltfs J Moore. Vallejo
J W Bailey, Helena S Dnnnenbaum Jr. Cal
M B Snide- Nlles O O Pelrona^t. Chicago
8 S Hall. Sacto H O Butler, Lp Gatoa
M Edwards & sn. Cal N E Bunker. Newman
L L Green. Orovllle- D Palmer, San Jose
F J McCarthy. ' S Jose J H Baker, Uklah
C II Rchivejey, Orovlll J R Mathews, Uklah
(i, XV Bragg, Sacto E E Whiting, Denver
II n Bragg. Haoto C C Case. Xew York
J M McGee, Orovllle C B Klaus, Seattle
Miss E Cordes. Stocktn
PALACE HOTEL.
W 15 Wlnshlp. Stanfrd W Halderdlee, U 8 N
H Havens, Oakland R Wettengel, N Y
A Borden, N Y J H Eame B & w, CMcgr
J B McCune. BO6ton G W Hooven. NY
A S Levy New York G C Palmer & w, Mex
B M Ooldwatpr. Arls F.Rijrhy. Chicago
"W Oothout & w. Cal n E Bond/Baltimore
Miss Redlngton. S Barb L E Martinez & w, Or
C H Lyford, N Y O C Mead, Ky
C Lake, Oakland T Lenck, New York
15 Campbell. San Jose Mrs J D Redding, N Y
A MacMlllan.- Chicago MIsr Redding. NY
G H Sorby & w, Chlcgo H B Wood & w, 3 Jose
S G Hess. New York.
} NEW \ WESTERN HOTEL.
•I Turner & w. Chicago J A Graff. Pa
j Mulroy. San Jose • ME Neely, Jamestown
J C Jones. Ouernevllle G : Lorenti,. Neb - .
S Parsons. Fresno 1 . : Mrs E Benost. St Louis
¦WiT Dillon, Uklah- J L Hansen, Los Ang
F Lanisan, Bakersfield J C Lewis. Madera
R Dorman. Modesto, R Maxwell. 1 Seattle
T M Duffy. Vallejo Mrs D Smith. Sactn
W Wulff & w, Cal . G C Williams, Colfax j
RRIVED.
Sunday. June L
Stmr Newburr, Peterson. 33" hours fr»m Port
Los An~«?les.
Stmr Del Norte. Alien. 94 hours from Port
land, via Coos Bay: 24 hours via Eureka.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. 46»i hours from Port
land, v>. Astoria SO hours.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 22 hours from Moss
Landing and" way ports.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, 14 hours from Al
bion.
Rr itmr Robert Adamson. ilorsan. 4 days
from Nanaimo.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, 73 hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Tun CoUls. Lewis, 42 hours from Port Los
An - '«"le9.
Hhlp Columbia. Nelson. 10 days from Tacoroa,
Ital shin Francesco Ctarnpa. Caflcro. 59 days
from Ic'itque.
Ur ship Clan Buchanan. Itankine, ti days
rrom Newcastle. Aus.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. 8 hours from Fort
Schr Bertie Minor. Ravens, S days fram Port
Gamble.
Schr Del Norte, Jacobsen, 2 days from Frank
port.
SAILED. .
Sunday. June 3.
Ptmr National City. Txntmers. Fort Brae;.
Simr Alcatrai, Carlson. .
Schr Mayflower, Olsen, Coqullia River.
Srhr rarkersburg, Jorsenson. Coqullla River.
Pchr Free Trade. Thorspn. .
fchr F.enrler Brothers. Wetzei, F.ihlers Poiat.
Schr Serena Thay«>r, McV*lcar. Eureka.
Schr Ida Schnauer. Sor»nson. Fort Gambl».
Schr iiellance. Anflndsen. .
TELKGRAPHIC.
POINT L/~>nos, June 3. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity IS miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— ?allcd June 2 — Stmr City of
Seattle, for Skaeuay.
POUT BI.AKEXEY- Sailed June 3— Pchr P«er
less, for Ventura; schr Louis, for San Fran
cisco; Br ship Lancing, for Port Pirle.
Arrlv«»d June S— Chll barks Parlfico and India
and Ital shin Te<wl<\ from Port Town3*nd.
[¦ORT LOS ANGELEP— Arrived June 3— Schr
Glen, from Uxybces Landing; schr A M Bax
ter, from Seattle.
NEWPORT— Arrived; Jun» S— Schr Lottla
Carson, from Eureka.
ELT.EKA- Arrived June S— Stmr Pomona,
hence June t: srhr hfnee May 21.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arr'ved June 3— Stmr Staten
dam. from Rotterdam and Boulogne; «mr
Mesaba. from London; stmr La. Bretagne. from
Havre. -
Sailed "June 3— Stmr Potsdam, for Rotterdam,
via Ro'ilerie.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Juno 3— Stmr Campa
nia, from Llvernool, for Nsw York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Jun» S— Stmr Frt»4
ertca dsr Gross*, from Bremen, for MivToik.
Funeral of the Lnte Samuel S. Sam
ple, One of the Old-Time
Bonifaces.
A few Intimate friends and the wife and
daughter of the late Samuel S. Sample
gathered at Peterson's undertaking par
lors yesterday afternoon to pay a last
tribute of respect to his memory. A brief
servico was conducted by Rev. E. Cam
eron, after which the body was removed
to Laurel Hill 'Cemetery, where It was
interred. The pallbearers were: T. M.
"Woodson, John A. Currier, Fred Vaughan,
William M. F,dgar. D v McHenry, William
Dorety and Frank Coates.
The deceased was one of tho best known
liquor-dealers in the city. He started In
the business nearly forty yearn ago on
Washington street, between Kearny and
Montgomery streets, opposite Magulrc's
Opera Houpe and his place was the fa
vorite resort of politicians and men about
town. "He retired from business about
eight years ago. He accumulated a- for
tune, but lost' it In speculations. He was
a wholesouled, generous man and made
many friends.- His surviving daughter
married Charles II, Dexter, a well
known sporting man. 'who is'nt present at
Cape Nome. His death was due to a
stroke) of apoplexy. He 'was a native of
Pennsylvania and was C7 years of age.
FRIENDS PAY A LAST '
TRIBUTE OF RESPECT
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIL.
Discusses Them From an Economis
Point of Vi«w and Suggests
a Remedy.
Professor M. A. Aldrlch of Stanford
University lectured before the Socialist
Labor party at the Turk-street Temple
last night on the subject "Do Strikes
Pay?" Tlw ha'l was well filled with an
attentive audience, and after the lecture
speakers were allowed to answer the prb-
fessor'a arguments.
The lecturer took rather the middle
ground on the whole proposition, arriving
at no definite conclusion. He clteu in
stances of strikes that did pay, not only
In dollars and cents, but as well because
of the influence they had upon employers
and employes; and, aeain, he found
strikes In history that did not pay from
any point of view, and left only disaster
and desolation In their trail. The reme
dy was merely suggested by the speaker.
He ¦' pointed out that the organization of
labor to resist the encroachments of cap
ital had been offset by similar organiza
tion- of capital. This process has gone
forward until when a clash takes place
between the two great opposed forces the
loss of life and property will be so great
that It will affect the general welfare.
The tendency seemed now to be in times
of strikes to settle the difficulties by con
ferences between the organized bodies of
labor and capital through properly ap.
pointed committees, the speaker said.
PROFESSOR ALDRICH
LECTURES ON STRIKES
NOTE— In th^ above exposition of the tide*
the early mornins tides are given In tho left
hand column and the successive tlrios of th^
day in the or.1?r of occurrence as to time. Tha
seconj time column eives the serorcd titt* ct
the day, the third time column th» third, tide
ami the last or right hand column £ive9 th»
last tid<* of the day. except when th^re nrc hut
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Ktven are in addition to the sounrllnss on th-»
I'nited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the heicht,
and then the number Ktvrn Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plan« o?
reference- Is the mean of the lower low water*.
UNITED AT THE
BRIDE'S HOME
Mrs. Bates and Blitz Pax
ton Were Married
Saturday.
The wedding of Mrs. Jane Marshall
Bates, daughter of Mrs. John Marshall,
and Blitz W. Paxton, president of the
First National Bank of Santa Rosa, was
celebrated at noon Saturday at the homo
of the bride's mother, 3300 Washington
street, this city. The house was beauti
fully decorated with potted plants and cut
flowers, particularly the alcove oft the
drawing: room, where the bridal party
stood when Rev. John JMartin, pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church of Santa
Rosa, read the marriage ceremony. The
bride was attended by her cousin. Mrs.
Fred Wickersham of Petaluma. and the
groom by his brother, Charles Paxton.
After the ceremony an elaborate break
fast was served, for which about twenty
flve covers were laid. A string orchestra
rendered soft music throughout the feast.
Late in the evening Mr. and Mrs. Paxton
left "on their wedding: tour. They will
make their home at Santa Rosa, where
they expect to build a beautiful residence.
Only the immediate relatives and friends
of the two families witnessed the cere
mony. Among those present were" Mrs.
II. Paxton. Mrs. Headley of Vallejo, Miss
Ruth McClellan, Mrs. Marshall, Miss An
derson of Santa Rosa. Mr. and Mrs. Pax
ton Wright. Fred Wickersham, Hallock
Wright and Paul Cowles.
Sun rises 4:4*
Sun sets 7:_i
Moon sets (first quarter) 0:0D a. in.
* -K
ITnited States Coast and Geo<!oUe Survey —
Times ar.d. Heights of High and l^nvr
"\Vater3 at Fort Point, entrance to San
Frtinclsco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high an,! low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharT> about
twenty-five minutes later than at Kort Point;
the height of tide is the name at both places.
MONDAY. JUNE 4
W heat her Report.
FORECAST.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, June 3, 5 o. in.
The following maximum temperatures from
Ftatlona in California were reported to-day:
Eureka 5l;I.os Angeles 74
Han Francisco 5«!Yuma V»
Independence S4 Sacramento 7J
Mount Tamalpais »>3 San Luig Oblspo 63
Red Bluff SO.San Diego Ct
Fresno S3!
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
JS; minimum. 4S; mean, 52. - , *„ »
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The weather Is generally p.irtly cloudy over
the Pacific slope, with fojr alons the central
coast of California- Light rain has fallen over
the Pucet Wolind country.
The pressure has risen west of the Rocky
Mountains anil Is highest oft the Oregon coast
and lowest in Southwestern Arizona.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary except in Northern Utah and Southern
Idaho, where it has fallen.
Conditions are favorable fnr fair weather
Monday in the interior of. California, with fofj
alons the central coast.
Forecast matte at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight June 4. 1300:
Northern California — Fair Monday, except
foKgr aliuiir the coast; fresh we?t wind.
Hputhem California— Fair Monday ; light west
wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah — Fair MonJay.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco ar.il vicinity— Fair Monday,
except fog^y I" the morning: fresh west wind.
• G. H. WILI.SON. Local Forecast Official.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William II. Ashcroft to William and Helm*
Kaimitz. lot on X line of Solano street, .j W of
Mississippi W 25 by X ICO; $10.
Charles P. Overton to Victor G. Overton. lot
on XV line of Sixteenth avenue, 100 S of J
street, S 50 by W 120: $10.
Jcsephina Cockrill to Oscar Heyman. lot on
XW corner of Harvard and Felton (Henry)
streets. X 100 by W 120. block 144, University
Extension Homestead; flO.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Louis Levy and
George Thlstleton. lot on S line of Montana
street, 225 W of Plymouth. W £0 by S 125. block
S. Railroad Homestead: $10.
'Warren J. and Annl« B. Irelan to John and
Sarah J. Johnson, lot 8, block 4, Subdivision 1,
Castro-street Addition; $10.
.John B. O. and Ellen P. Relte to Bernhard
and Annie L. Heglin, lot on E line of Gatea
street. 300 S of Eugenia. E 70 by S 25: ,$100.
Endora B. Dean to Jchn llrandt. lot on X line
of Twenty-ninth street, 65:7 W of Tlflany, W
J6:SV4. N i*3:SH. SE 28:3 3-16, SE 8J:5 7-1C, lot 29,
Tiffany & Dean Tract; !10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Thomas
G. Roebuck, lot 7. plat 2. Pacific Section; $130.
Jeremiah Browning to Jacob Browning, lot on
SW corner of Larkln and McAllister streets.
W 192:6. S 120. E 82:6, X 30, E 110, N 90; alsu
block 72S. bounded NE by Eighteenth street.
SE by Von Schmidt. SW by Nineteenth and
XW by Tevls: also block 801. bounded XE by
Twenty-sixth street. SE by Dock. SW by
Twenty-seventh and XW by Ship; $10.
Johanna, Benno and Julian Hart to Louis A.
Levy, lot on SE corner of Van Ness avenue
and Geary street. E 109 by S 45:9; $10.
Chester and Grace L. Williams to Charles
G. Gebhardt. lot on SE corner of Eddy and
Franklin streets. S 120 by E 112:«; $10.
A. Boyer to Louis Metifrer. lot on "W line
of Van Ness avenue, 32:S'i S of Jack3on street.
S 25 by W 100; $250.
Theodore 8. and Minnie A. Hoin to Ameri
can Surety Company of Xew York, lot on E
line of LaKun:i street. 26:8 S of Greenwich, S
26:8 by E 62:6; $10.
Arthur F. and Frederick W. Bridge to Henry
E. Bcthln. lot on W line of Webster street.
47:4 S of Grove, S 52:S by W 97:6 (same beln<
a deed of trust Interest); $1.
John II. Kelly to Henry Goodman, lot on X
line of Golden Gate avenue, 87:6 W of Lott
street, W 25 by N HO; $10.
Ella R. Kelly (wife of John II.) to same,
same; {10.
Xannie A. and Morris Meyerfeld Jr. and
Krederika F. and Siprmund B. Schloss to Isaac
Ellaser, lot on W line of Cole street. 130 .N
Of Fell. N B0 by W 103:l«i; $10.
John E. Hensch to Michael and Mary Dono
van, lot on N'W line of N'atoma street, 130 NE
of Eleventh. XE 50 by XW 75; $10.
Frank and Ella Joseph (Daly) to John A.
Daly, undivided half interest in lot on XE line
of Eleventh street, 125 XW of Harrison, XW
25 by XE 100; $5.
Martin, Henry and Sarah Eevarson to- Ame
lia I'rsin, lot on E line of Folsora street. 25 X
of Thirteenth, X 25. E S9. S 22:8*,. W 80; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Colin
M. Bovd and James A. and William P. Simp
son (executors of the estate of James Simpson),
lot on N line of Sixteenth street. 102 W of
Valencia. W 30 by N 100; .
Colin M. Boyd and James A. and William P.
Simpson (executors of the estate of James
Simpson) to Albert Komsthoeft. same; $6000.
Caro O. H1H to Josephine A. Wardwell. lot on
E line of Bryant street. 53:4 N of Twenty
sixth. X 23:4 by E 100; $10.
Same to Charles W. Meadows. lot on E line
of Bryant street, 70 X of Twenty-sixth, X 23:4
by E 100; $10.
Georee W. and Ella Kline to Thomas W.
and Christopher C. Rivers, lot on NE corner
of Clipper and Sanchez stretts, X 22S, E 101:10,
S 114. W 75.1S4. S 114. W 25:11: $!•>.
Marraret and Thomas J. Healey to Mary L.
and Frederick Miller, lot en S line of Day
street. ISO W of Church. W 25 by S 114; $10.
Aurella and Sttphano D. Pchlvo to Rosa
Badaracco. lot on S line of Filbert street, 97:6
E of Dupont. E 40 by S 60; $10. i4
Anna Moore (administratrix of the est.i^e of
Isldor C. Moore) to G. B. de Martini, lot on S
line of Bush street. 107:6 W of Grant avenue,
W 2i:ll by S 6S; $1150.
. Alameda County.
W. G. and Florence A. Saumlers to Geone
Sterling-, lot on S line of Rose Garland way or
Evoy avenue. £0 E of West street, E 50 by S
100. Oakland; $5.
Orestes I'lerce to Sally MeKee Pierce, lots S
to 12, block D. tnao of lands Oakland View
Homestead Association. Oakland; $1.
John and Sarah A. Morrison to Xra Vaughan,
lot 18. block 557. map of Chester and Center
street lots, subject to mortgage. Oakland: $10.
Sarah T. and Edward C. Robinson to Pacific
States S. L. & B. Co., lot on E corner of East
Twenty-third street and Eighth avenue. XE
75 by SK 100. block 144, Clinton, East Oakland;
$1000.
Orlando McCool to Samuel and Emma Mc-
Cool, lot 5, revised map Piedmont Cable Tract.
Oakland TownshiD; cift. .^
Joseph ami Mlna. Patrick to Georsre Sterling,
lots 10 and 11, same tract, Oakland Township;
$10.
James Stratton to Judson Wheeler, all that
certain strip of land 30 feet wide alonr S
boundary line of lands of Rea, Jadson. Wheeler
and William A. Freeman by deed of January
2S. 1S69. Oakland Township, quitclaim deed; $1.
Elizabeth T. White to Annl3 E. Bailey, lot
41, block E, map of Claremont Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
Armour McLaughlln and W. J. Schmidt (by
Oscar L. Rogers, Sheriff) to Anson S. Blake
(assigned to Oakland Pavlne Company), lot on
W line of San Pablo avenue. 125 S of Folger.
8 15 by W 152.65, belns the X 15 feet of lot 1.
Villa Homestead, on map of Drooerty of Villa
Homestead Association, Berkeley; $103.
Elizabeth Pavelicevich and John Carroll (by
same) to Oakland Pavlnjr Company (a corpora
tion), lot 14, block 89. Tract B. Berkeley Land
and Town Improvement Association, Berkeley;
$153.
Joseph A. and Annie E. Leonard to California
Furniture Manufacturing Company (a corjj^ra
tlon), lot 15. block 17. Leonard's subdivision of
block IS to IS. Bartlett SO- Acre Tract. Alameda;
$10.
N. B. and Emma R. Hoyt to Ira Vaughan.
lot on NW corner of Peralta and Seward
struts. NIC? by W 140. block 712. Oakland; $10.
jane K: Sather to William J. Din*ee. entire
blocks A and B. lots 13 to 16. 19, !0, 23 to ZS, 31
and 32, block C. all on map of Sather Tract,
Oakland: $10.
Charlotte A. and William H. French to F.
H. Rice lot on XW corner of Thirty-seventh
and Market streets. X SS7.S1. W 103.70. SW
D77, SW 5SS.63. S 103.20. W 125.39, S 197.27. E
113 39. S 50, E 19.3S. X 14.13, E 50, S 14S. E
2.50, N 14S. E 14S. E 902.E0 to begrlnnln*. belnir
a portion of plat 37. Rancho V. and D. Peralta.
quitclaim deed, Alameda: $18.
.Same to same, all of lots C-l. C-2. C-3. C-4
andC-5. upon map accompanying the report
of commissioners in partition for partial dis
tribution in estate of Mary Jane Evoy. pro
bate Xo. 4096, Alameda County: also lot* 1 and
2, Map of M. J. Evoy Tract. Oakland; $10.
'Annie E. Peller to Dennia J.and Lizzie J.
Coyne, lot on X line • of \Vei<t Tenth street.
9S:7\4 E of Center. E 30 by X 75. belnu the
W 31 feet of lot 3, block 55S, Eighth-street
Tract.' Oakland: $10.
Elizabeth Gaston Perine to Katherine G. and
Margaret L. Perine, beginning at a point 7i>
X of Fifth street and 75 W from Oak. N 30
by W 25. belnp the X SO feet lot 23. block VS,
to correct 721 D 472, quitclaim deed, Oakland;
jio. ¦ •
George Everett Foer* to Georpe Henry Fork,
lot on S line of Dolper for Twentieth) street.
SS E of Telesrranh avenue. E 47. 8 93. W 43.
N 25 E 13, X 71:4 to beginning:, belnir a por
tion of lot 5, block B. Fountain placp. Oak
land: also lots IS to 21. Broadway Villa Tract.
Oakland Township; also, undivided half inter
est in lot 37. block B, Fanny Davenport Tract;
also lots 3rt and 31, Everett Tract. ¦• Brooklyn
Township: $10. ¦ ¦ ¦¦ > ¦.. .
Lucy Jchndroi* to Marian Bresette. rerecord
674 D 47. lots 12 and 13. block A. lots 12 to
is block J, Broadway Terrace. Oakland Town
ship: $10.
Kan Francisco PavlngH iTnlon to Frank B.
Heywood. lot 14. blpck C. Percy Tract, Berke
ley": $T.0.
Jacob and Mary L. Dobbelaar to Daniel
Crowley. lot on R line of Falrview street.
130 B of Calais. K T.0 by S IV.. being lot 14.
block* T>. Harmon Tract, subject to a mort
gage. Berkeley; $10.
R. I. Hepburn to Leah F. Mott. lot ori SW
corner of Stanton Ftreet and lands of Marlah
C Marvin (by deed of February IS. ISC) and
»lso distant 4C3:3 S from Railroad avenue. N
«2 W.1S0, S 42. E 1Z0 to beginning. Alameda:
J10.
little E. Fowler (wife cf Jam»3 E.) to Jacob
Palmer, lot on E line of Center street. 87:6 N
of Vest Eighth, N 30:9>i by E SI, portion lot
1 Mock Z>t. i:is;hth-street Tract. Oakland; $1500.
Abel nnrl Ann B. Whtttnn t-> Eliza R. May,
lot 1. map nf W'httton Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Mary A. Tavlor to Up.ar L. Saxton. tot on
W corner nf Georce and Warren streets. S\V
100 by NY/ fQ. hlnrk 22. map of Fitchburs
Homctrnd lots. Mrocklyn Township; $N».
Mary K. SchlenVUn to Hanrwh I>odd (wife of
Frank N.). lot on E.l'ne of nsnton street.. l.Vt
N* of Central avenue. N TO by E 150, block 22,
Fitch Tract, Alamerta; 110.
R. J. Smith to Pclll<* P. Smith, all interest
in lot nn W line of Jackson street. SO S of
Eleventh. S 50 by W 100. lot 17 «n<1 E IS feet
and S half.of^lot 14. block 140. Oakland; gift.
Ernest A.,and Elizabeth D. Heron to Edward
M. Walsh, lot 37 and KB 25 feet o* lot 3d.
block A. Linda Vista Terrace, map 2. Oakland;
J10." - • •
E. D. and Mamie C. Macdonald to Edward O.
Griffln Heirs Compromise.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL. June 3.— The contest
over the will of Helen Griffin, deceased,
has been compromised. Mrs. Helen Grif
fln was before her death one of the
wealthiest women in this county. At the
time of her death she left surviving her
a daughter. Mrs. Kate L. O'Connor, a son,
James Griffin, and two grandchildren of a
deceased daughter. Mrs. P. Mulvaney. In
disposing of her estate she left the bulk
of her property to Mrs. O'Connor and
James Griffin, and the two grandchildren
were given but $500. Patrick Mulvaney.
on behalf of his children, contested the
will and alleged that at the time. of its
execution Mrs Griffin was insane. The
case was tried, but the jury disagreed.
Heinz, lot en S line of Eai;!o avenue. 229:11 w
of St. Charles street. W 2S by S 130. being tha
VV 9 feet of lot 12 and E 16 feet of lot 11. block
K. map of property of Columbus Bartlett, near
Mastick station, AlameUa: srant.
Rachael \. Ericsson to E. L. Ericsson, lot on
V. line ot High stre»t. 6fl:3 S of Jefferson. 3
S3:4 by E 1W, being: lot 13. block 53. lands ad
jacent to Kneinal. Alameda; gift.
Eoth Vessels Under Charter to Load
Wheat for Europe— Only ThxM
Disengaged Ships x» r ow
Left in Port.
?
The British ship Clan Buchanan, from
Newcastle, Australia, and the Italian ship
Francesco Ciampa, from Iquique, made
port yesterday after good runs. The Clan
Buchanan came over from Australia in
sixty-four days, beating the ship Balclu
tha, now out seventy days, the ship Elm
hurst, out eighty days, and the ship
Windsor Park, out ninety-eight days from
Newcastle. The Windsor Park is the only
one of the fleet that has been spoken, and
on March 12 she was.in latitude 32 degrees
49 minutes south, longitude 173 degrees 3i)
minutes east.
The Francesco Ciampa came from
Iquique with a load of nitrate of soda In
fifty-six days. The Hawaiian four-masted
schooner Americana is now out ninety-six
days from Iquique and It is about tima
she was showing up. The chances are she
has got caught in the doldrums on the
equator and her crew has had nothing to
do but curse their luck.
Both the Clan Buchanan and Francesco
Ciampa are chartered to load wheat for
.Europe, so the disengaged fleet will not
be increased by their arrival. At the
present time there are only three deep
water vessels disengaged in port and they
lost their charters through making long
passages. The Blackbraes was disabled
off the Horn and had to put into Port
Stanley for repairs. She was 855 days get
ting here from Newcastle, England. The
Musselcrag was also disabled off the Horn
and came here by way. of the Cape of
Oood Hope and Sydney, X. S. \V. She. was
313 days coming from Antwerp.
The third vessel of the disengaged fleet
is the American ship Cyrus Wakefield.
She was thirty-three days coming here
from the Hawaiian Islands with a load
of sugar, and during the ; passage was
caught in a storm which sprung her fore
topmast head and carried away the main
topgallant mast. She is now being over
hauled at Howard-street wharf and will
probably go back into the sugar trade
when the repairs are completed.'
Levensaler Saved His Contract.
J. G. Levensaler, the well-known steve
dore, saved a contract from lapsing by
just ten minutes Saturday.' The steamer
Manauense is at Crockett with a cargo of
sugar and Levensaler has the contract to
discharge her. He engaged a lot of men
at Crockett, but when they began using
hooks and tearing the bags the owners
made a vigorous protest. Levensaler told
the men they must stop using the hooks
and they, secure in the fact that there
were no more men in Crockett, told him
they would do as they pleased. Levensaler
discharged every man of them on the spot
and came to San Francisco to get another
gang. He was gone some time and the
fiugar company, getting tired of waiting,
telegraphed to Captain Bennett to come
up and bring men with him to finish un
loading the vessel.
When Levensaler heard that Captain
Bennt*t was going to Crockett with a
gang of 'longshoremen on the 4 p. m. train
he lost no time in getting his men to
gether and starting away in a launch. He
reached the Manauense ten minutes ahead
of the train and when Captain Bennett
and his 'longshoremen reached the scene
Levensaler's men were hard at work dis
charging the ship. Now somebody will
have to pay the 'longshoremen and the
question is, outof whose pocket will the
money come?
A Fast Trip to Manila.
The American four-masted bark Krskine
M. Phelps, now on her way from the Phil
ippines to Honolulu to load sugar for New
York, made the fastest run of the year
from Norfolk, Va., to Manila. She left
Norfolk on November 18 and averaged 195
knots a day for poventy-seven days,
which carried her to the island of Surriba,
at the entrance to the straits of Ombay.
On that showing Captain Graham expect
ed to make the run to Manila in record
breaking time, but light and contrary
winds, calms and adverse currents in the
passage spoiled the ship's chances and
the average each day was only sixty-five
knots, much to the disgust of everybody
on board. The Phelp3 was 122 days mak«
Ing the run, which is nevertheless a good
showing, considering the average run la
150 days. The Phelps discharged 4627 tons
of cool at the navy yard at Cavite and on
April 24 sailed for Honolulu In ballast.
The Ersklne M. Phelps will be remem
bered as one of the handsomest steel
ships that ever came to this port. Captain
Graham has a host of friends in San
Francisco who will be glad to hear of his
whereabouts. He is accompanied by his
wife and daughter Gladys.
"Water Front Notes.
The Southern Pacific's tug Collis arrived
from Port Los Angelea yesterday. She
come here for her yearly overhauling and
inspection.
The schooner Del Xorte and the steamer
Del Norte both reached port from Qregqn
yesterday. The schooner made the run
from Frankport in forty-eight hours,
while the steamer was ninety-six hours
from Portland, via Eureka, twenty-four
hours.
The Pacific Steam Whaling Company's
new tug Shelikof sailed for the canneries
via Seattle yesterday. She will be used
as a tender for the fleet in Bristol Bay
during the season. '
Ships Francesco Ciampa and
Clan Buchanan Make
i Quick Runs.
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
dash for Juveniles, won by H.McKenzIe;
second, C. Augustus. One. hundred yard
race for amateurs, won by J. Anderson;
second, C. Lewis. Tub race, won by C.
Johnson: second, D. Gross: third, F.
Strickland High diving, won by J. Rodg
ers; second/ S. Slmmey. Spring board div
ing, won by W. Carroll; second, C. Augus
tus. Underwater swimming, won h& J. A.
Jackson; second. S. Brown. Fifty yard
race, special, in which S. A. "Wolfe and R.
Riding tied a week ago, was won by Rid
ing, v'v
THE SAN FEAKCISUO CALL, MOJSTDAT, QUINTS 4, 1900.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
9
c
-
ITtme!
1 1
HWj'
4 ...
. 4:0«|
J.8i *
A *<
*• .™l
[II
fe
5 ...
:«
Ti «••!«
5.1
6 ...
. 0:^i
2.2 i
6::
3.
l:47j 2.1
5.2
.4
K3
A
¦J
4
¦I
8 ...
s
9
1.4
Steamer. '
! From.
I Due.
i
Columbia |
Corona i
North Fork 1
Wellington i
Arcata |
Hongkong Mani!
Warneld
Washtenaw i
Pomona
Bonita I
i
(Portland
jSan Diego
|Humbo!dt
iOyster Harbor
|Coos Cay
:<"h!m and Japan
Oyster Harbor
JTaeoma
[Humboldt
I Newport
i
. .. Juno 4
... Juno 4
... June 4
... June 4
...[Juno 4
.... June S
... June S
... June 5
... Jun« 5
... Jura 0
UmatllU
Empire [
Crescent City...
City of Para
Santa Rosa
Point Arena....
State of Cal....!
Coos Bay ...I
City of Puebla.l
Coqullle River. I
(Victcrla & Puset Sour
(Coos Bay
Crescent City
Panama
San DlesQ
Mendoclno
IPortlaml
[N^wrport
I Victoria & Puget Soun
Gray3 Harbor
ndjjune <t
... June •
... June 7
_. June t
... June 8
... June S
... June %
...(June n
nd! June It
...IJune It
Steamer. I Dt-stlnatlon. I Sails. I Pier.
_
Pt. Arena. .jPolnt Arena-. Juno 4, 2 pm'Pter 3
Coos Bay... I Newport IJun* 4, 9amlPterll
N'ewburgr ..[Grays Harbor! June *> 12 ra;Plerl3
Wai Walla, i Vic A Pst Sd. June 5. il ami Pier »
Arcata ! Coos Bay June 5,12 m'PlerlS
Corona 3an Dleno June 6, 11 amlPler 11
Gaelic (China & Japan Junn 6. 1 pm!PM33
Del N"orte..|Oregcn Ports. |Jun« 6. SairijPierW
Columbia ..iPortland Jun» 7. lianaiPier24
Curacao .... Mexico Jun* 7. 10 ami Pier It
Pomona Hnmboldt June 7. 2rmjPler »
North Fork. Humboldt June 7. 9 am Pter J
Bonita Newport June, 8, 9 am Pier H
City Sydney! Panama June 8, 12 m,'PiI3S
Luxor lEurope June 5 )
Santa Rosa.|San DIero June 10, 11 am!Pl«r 11
Umatllla ..|Vlc & Pwt Sd. June 10. 11 amlPler 9
State of Call Portland June 12. 11 amlPler 24
Steamer. I Dt-stlnatlon. I Sails. I Pier.
_
Pt. Arena. .jPolnt Arena-. Juno 4, 2 pm'Pter 3
Coos Bay... I Newport IJun* 4, 9amlPterll
N'ewburgr ..[Grays Harbor! June *> 12 ra;Plerl3
Wai Walla, i Vic A Pst Sd. June 5. il ami Pier »
Arcata ! Coos Bay June 5,12 m'PlerlS
Corona 3an Dleno June 6, 11 amlPler 11
Gaelic (China & Japan Junn 6. 1 pm!PM33
Del N"orte..|Oregcn Ports. |Jun« 6. SairijPierW
Columbia ..iPortland Jun» 7. lianaiPier24
Curacao .... Mexico Jun* 7. 10 ami Pier It
Pomona Hnmboldt June 7. 2rmjPler »
North Fork. Humboldt June 7. 9 am Pter J
Bonita Newport June, 8, 9 am Pier H
City Sydney! Panama June 8, 12 m,'PiI3S
Luxor lEurope June 5 )
Santa Rosa.|San DIero June 10, 11 am!Pl«r 11
Umatllla ..|Vlc & Pwt Sd. June 10. 11 amlPler 9
State of Call Portland June 12. 11 amlPler 24
Steamer. '
! From.
I Due.
i
Columbia |
Corona i
North Fork 1
Wellington i
Arcata |
Hongkong Mani!
Warneld
Washtenaw i
Pomona
Bonita I
i
(Portland
jSan Diego
|Humbo!dt
iOyster Harbor
|Coos Cay
:<"h!m and Japan
Oyster Harbor
JTaeoma
[Humboldt
I Newport
i
. .. Juno 4
... Juno 4
... June 4
... June 4
...[Juno 4
.... June S
... June S
... June 5
... Jun« 5
... Jura 0
UmatllU
Empire [
Crescent City...
City of Para
Santa Rosa
Point Arena....
State of Cal....!
Coos Bay ...I
City of Puebla.l
Coqullle River. I
(Victcrla & Puset Sour
(Coos Bay
Crescent City
Panama
San DlesQ
Mendoclno
IPortlaml
[N^wrport
I Victoria & Puget Soun
Gray3 Harbor
ndjjune <t
... June •
... June 7
_. June t
... June 8
... June S
... June %
...(June n
nd! June It
...IJune It
c
-
ITtme!
1 1
HWj'
4 ...
. 4:0«|
J.8i *
A *<
*• .™l
[II
fe
5 ...
:«
Ti «••!«
5.1
6 ...
. 0:^i
2.2 i
6::
3.
l:47j 2.1
5.2
.4
K3
A
¦J
4
¦I
8 ...
s
9
1.4
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. 17 «nd 29 Fifth st. ; Tel. South 187.'
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AMD EMBALMERS.
. Finest Equipment at. Moderate Rates.
(rnc/w/OTt' & CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMT3ALMERS,
1239 Market st.. .between 8th and 9th.
Telephone South 247. :•¦
(Successors to Flannagan &. Gallagher), '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
'. Telephone South SO. :
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
DIED.
Brennan. Thomas Knoechel, Charles
Brown, William S. Lantheaume, John P.
Cooper. Richard L. Moyle. James XV.
Cummlngs, Mary B. Nightingale. John Jr.
Dewey. Harry McB. ' Peel. Matthew C.
Fagan. Catherine Petzold. Mary
Flllmore. Mary E. Reese, John T.
Fishbeck. Mrs. R. Sand. Katherine
Oradwohl. Myer Spear, Alexander F.
Griffin. Maurice Sturm. Carl
Howard. Erdix T. Wagener, Amalla
Kennedy, Julia .--•-.;
BRENNAN— In this city. June 3. 1900. Thomas
Brennan, a native of Ireland, ased 70 years.
(E7Remalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
BROWN-ln Honolulu. H. I.. May 21. 1900.
William Spence. husband of Llbbie H. Brown,
a native of Scotland. • »
IDr^otlce of funeral hereafter.
COOPER— In this city. June 3, 1900. Richard
Leslie, beloved son of William^K. and Mary
Cooper and brother of Kdgar and Vera
Cooper, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years and 10 months.
t E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of,
his parents. 241H Ninth street. Funeral and
Interment private.
CUMMINGS-In this city. June 2, 1900, Mary
Belle, oldest daughter of Isabelle and the late
Henry A. Cummlngs, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 19 years and 8 months.
E7"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Mon-
day), at 11 o'clock, at her late residence, 2302
California street, near Webster. Interment
private.
DEWEY— In Oakland. June 3, 1500. Harry Mc-
Bee Dewey. beloved son of Fred V. and Mar-
tha E. Dewey of Hanford. Cal.. a native of
Viealla. Cal., nged 12 . years 10 months and
21 days.
FAGAN— In this city. June 1, 1900, at her resi-
dence, 733 Natoma street, Catherine Fagan,
beloved wife of the late Michael Fagan, sis-
ter of tbe late Cecelia Martin, and aunt of
James, Thomas and Edward Martin, a na-
tive of Ireland.
(ETFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
? Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 733 Natoma street, between Kighth and
Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's Church. Tenth
and Howard streets, where a solemn requiem
high masa will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FILLMORE— In this city. June 3. 1900. Mary
Emma, beloved wife of James S. Flllmore,
mother of Fred B. and Gertrude A. Flllmore. I
and sister of Mrs. A. C. Perkins, a native of.!
New Brunswick, Canada, aged 57 years 9
months nnd 6 days.
CijTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 231 Oak street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery at 1 o'clock.
FISHBECK— In this city, June 3, 1900, Mrs.
Rebecca Fishbeck. beloved mother of the late
Henry John Fishbeck, mother-in-law of Mrs.
Adelheid Fishbeek, and grandmother of Mrs.
\V. C. Mitchell. Willie Fishbeck and Mrs.
Hattle Wilson, a native of Bremervoerde.
Germany, aged 87 years.
ICXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1055 Pacific street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. , .
GRADWOHL— In this city. June 3. 1900, Myer,
beloved husband of Frederlque Oradwohl.
father of Maurice and David Gradwohl. and
brother of Jeanette Wellhoft of Paris, France,
a native of Alsace, aged 72 years.
GRIFFIN— In this" city, June 2. 1900, Maurice,
beloved husband of the late Bridget Griffin,
father of Michael J., William H., John T.,
Bartholomew and Agnes Griffin, and brother
of Thomas Griffin, a native of the parish of
Castle Gregory, County Kerry, ¦ Ireland, aged
62 years. A member of Alta Lodge Xo. 242,
A. O. U. W. , -
(C7"Frtend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully- invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:20 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1108Vi Potrero avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church, -where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 5 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
HOWARD— In Oakland, June . 3. 1900, Erdlx
Tenny Howard, relict of the late Lydla How-
ard and father of Anna C. and-Klste L. How-
ard, a native of Hardwick, Vt., aged 6S years
9 months and C days.
KENNEDY— In this city, May 31. 1900. Julia,
dearly beloved wife of the late Patrick Ken-
nedy and loving, mother of John. James.
William, Julia and Joseph and the late
Thomas Kennedy, a' native of Ireland, aged
69 years 2 months and 15 days.
ItJrFiipnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
' dence 1%? Folsom street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repopi of her soul
at 9 o'clock.. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. '•/-¦ . . . '•".! ijj "•!
KXOECHEL— In this city, June 1. 1900. Charles,
dearly beloved husband of Sarah Knoechel,
and father of Karl Knoechel. a native of
Mecklenburg:, Germany, aged 63 years and 11
da vs.
iryFrlends and acquaintances and members
-f Franklin Lodge No. 44. A. O. U. W.. and
Morse Lodge -No. 257, I. O. O. F.. are respec-
fully requested to attend the 'funeral this
day (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence C24 Filbert street, • near Powell,
thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, where services
will be held, and thence to I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery lor cremation. -..'¦-', ¦ .¦ • ,
LANTxIBAUMK— In this city. June 3. 1900,
John P. 1 lantheaume, beloved father of Mrs.
9IO.VCV TO LOAN.
ANY amount by rHvate party on furniture and
flsncy; no removal: low rates; confidential.
bo.NTLLI. Contervatory bide.. 130 Powell st.
AT Ii'6 Kt-arny tt.. rocm S. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; loweaC
rmtet: tske elevator. Telephone Davis 9SJ.
«_'N btmlttm end piancrf without removal; quick
service: money direct: lowest interest. Room*
VS ar.d CS. Dcnchcc building. 1176 Market et.
LOANS a-.a<3e en rurniture at IV* per cent; also
leans to salaried people. HARSHBARGKR.
22? W.is St.. room 24.
MONEY loaned ralaried people without security.
H1U.. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchnge. 431 Calif.
TO talcrird people- without security: all busl-
nei-s ccr.flaestlal. Touslcy Co.. 821 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to ralarird peopla en note without
irdcryer. MOKRKLL. C03 Examiner building.
ON furniture, flanos, without removal; no
commission; rrlvatc. LICK. ll« McAllister.
IF your property is nu-rtKsxea and you ne^d
more ircney see H. MURPHY. CO Market st.
TO raiaried men without oollaierai or .ndorxr.
& F. Discount Aerary. US Phelan bulldlne.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BAEO^ixs orotund* tfr-dar.a^StXOVAXS.*
7CT Market tt. t _
W'C always sell at low prices, but during June
»« 02er epectal bargains to every one; laxre
etr>tk. best quality. MAUVAIS. 7C9 Market.
"'ECKEll i- RON, l\j t -k«rd, Boothe Bros. Tnd
Arlington are tho planes »e cJTer as the best
cjil rhear-fct. MAUVAIS, 7W Market St.
X MAHOGANY Ositaz, toed as new.
A wuiTV.'t V.Vrxr, u«rd very little.
A rvalraut £ter!injr. moOlura «!z«r.
An oak Sterlirc. BlixtiUy used.
A. walr.ut Vo?e. f*-«ra rer.tiU stock.
A^nahonxiy Everett. *pl«»r.d'd condition.
An ebor.izpd Fischer, thoroughly repaired.
An osJi Kirjr»l)ur>'. Coo<1 as new.
And many others, from JW up: tf-rms liberal.
BEN'J. CfRTAZ & SON. 16 OTarrell St..
Chicfcerinc, Steck. Vo«e, Sterling Agency.
JEAUTIFl'L cabinet grand uprlgrht piano must
tx» sold lmm'-dla.tcly en account of removal
from city; fiJR. Itootn 12. Flood building.
TEINWAV uprl5ht~»18S: installment*. *3, *S,
rer.tn 52 up. HEINE'S, 13$ Ellis st.
DKOKEIt & SOX p'.tno fcr Eale; almost new;
cheap. . !22 Sixth st.
JLS we represent the best make of pianos la
fm-r grade, irora Etelnway down to low-
rrtcf-d makes, srd as our installment ray-
mer.ts are «a*ler than those of other dealer?,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright plaros. tt cash, JS per
ironth; ether pianos t;. ti snd V> P«r month.
EBEEMA.V, CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers,
cor. Kearay ted Suttt-r sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and lircadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY tbe oldest and largest bouse
west of Chicago is KOIILER & CHASE'S.
K. « and 30 OTarrell mt. : pianos, organs and
a'.l ether musical Instruments of all grades
*cd prices ; tenr.s easy; price* lowest; «very-
thinjr poeslt'e dcr.e tu r>ase and satisfy tht
customer.
EAROAINS-A few p'.anos will be sold this
v • **v* ** ci"^ rc ' offers wft nt ?<3 'cs sn on tn~
ttalljr.pntf). Wilson's stcrage Co.. mo Mrfct.
FIN'F Krel! cr-HirM ri.i nf > at a great bargain.
PTATHAM. IO€ McAllister ft.
ir/i—KINE upright piano: perfect order; great
t.argain. :;:» Mte?ion st.
REDUCTION tale: new pianos. 15 payments;
for rer.t. %2 up. BRUENN, :0S Post st.
\VANTEI>— :0 square pianos, six organs, for
country schools. BYRON MAUZT, SOg Post.
CCHMER & CO.. Byron Maury Piaooa. 303 to
512 Pest st.
GOOD Fischer ; creat bargain. SCHMITZ. II
McA)'.l*t*r ft., nut Hlbernla Bank. j
VT. G BATX^nit. •Ill Sacramento St.. agent far
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis planes.
KUPFP.IOR vlcUns rlthers. eld and. new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and h^rt in America— The Weekly
<"a!l. 1« pages. **nt to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for U.
ix-yta;*- rrid. __^^___
TALMISTBr.
VME. Neergzard. Fre«. Et. Gtrmals Collrct of
I'alrefstry; reads 1 to I. £1* Geary, nr. Jcaet.
H. 7EBOUB FOSPELLI. scientific palmist. 615
Taylor n.. »vt. Crfarvi-Pn!!!: phoni* b;»«-lc SGI.
; OFFICES AJh'D STORES TO LET.
KEAIiW, 4l(^-Larffe ain' lisi't basesier.t; jrood
location; moderate rent. A. M. iSPr3CK &
<•«>.. 6CT Market st.
S R'M'iMS and Ftore. corner Larkin and Vallejo:
good location for barber or shoemaker; tlO.
OFFICE, barns, etc.; |;!ace for coal yard, rab-
M»ry: rt-.np j?m. S(i73 Twosty-fourth tt.
LARGE store, with four living rooms; reason-
ab!'. 7u4 I«irk:n St.. near Ellis. '
UUEtGE itocci and sunny offices near Hall of
¦Tuytl'p. HA BIN. 41?. Keamy St.
"tersoxals. ~~
HENRY CARTER, or sisters, EMILIA and
. T VL1 A— Father and mother dead; names were
Henry and Elizabeth; left Australia In the
t^arly fifties: Important: send your address.
I.-.MXE I'AROLIX, «are Singer Co.. S. F.
The Porulsr" hairdresyer;
he has but one iirioe ar.d always
r:\»-5 the very latest *tyle«. ¦
He u«« Ouir.tcr.lca hair tonic, JSc bot.,
and F rarro Shampoo, ac pkg.
«;. LEDERER. IK STOCKTON ST.
jl CO MISSES' kI<J Fhoes for tOc a pair at THE
BEE HIVE SHOE CO.. 717 Market, nr. Third.
JIME.ADA cure? nervous prostration, insomnia,
tlindn*-ss. lirtchl's disease and rupture when
all ethers fail: see this wonderful, gifted ;
healer; the will cure you. 13U Howard. nr.lOth.
SLECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel M Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms;
t5c to II SO D*r right; tl SO to 16 per we«k;
fre« 'bus end bagsrage to and from the terry.
ACADEMY for the NEW SCIENCE OF HEAL-
tlNG: all «!i.«>afP8 are curable: WITHOUT
L-RUGS. WITHOUT OPERATIONS: consulta-
t'.cn free. DR. WM. SCHMITT. SZ7 Pott St.
iLN elf gant suit for I1D 75 from Imported or do-
rr.«?Etie rrmnants. L. LEMO9. U17 Market «t-.
between Seventh and Eighth. '
TZFK Lillie WeV.h's sf-ap. made from Oillfornla
olive oil«. roots and h«-rb«: 10c: xt druggists.
MIFS ?HELtX)N. fhlropod'.Pt and magnetic [
treatment. S53 Market rt.. second floor, rro. 87. ,
PRIVATE detr<-U\'e vorJc; res-^orable rates; 10
years' «»x>erif:nce. J. B. RAT. 357 Jessie st.
O. D. MOP^E. photographer, iS0€ Pacific ave..
r^'.ween Pierce and Srott; phsne Steirser SS91.
IF you wish full value fnr your ca«t-nff clothing
call on B. COHEN. U7 Third: tcL Bla"k <1^.
3-ADIES' end cer.ts' castoff clothing bought and i
••old. StlvermaTi. ?M Fo'.scm: tel Folsom 11 Jl. !
fXTlXi'VUKSS and Btbef suits bcught: also old ¦
gold. Portland Loan Office. 25 St.>ckton st. j
HAIR quickly ci:rl*d or wared by using T»l-
cctt's Curling Fluid: *r.c bottle: drugcSsts.
CAST-OFF clothisc. old gold ana sllvtr bousrht; j
vrr.A r»-.«tal. rnr.KMAVS T-rtj KV.irny «t. !
PHYSICIANS AXD Sl'UGEOXS. i
'¦>''¦¦*¦ |
IT.rn troatrrtent I rricr.th to introduce our fa- '
BMn ren-.f-dies. IjR. POX'S & CO.. 2$ Turk. \
DR. C. C O'LiONNELL — Office and residence.
10MH Market «t.. !«•*. .-rixth and Seventh.
Cirr.ONIC and ether diseases positively cured. '
PR. GORI>IN Pine i<t.. mar Kearr.y.
rilOTOGRAPIIIC SMTLIES.
VriTTcan kotfalci free; photo supplies, liackus
nu<!!<>. '1 Oer.ry »=t.. ground floor. *
EEAL -ESTATE— -CITY — FOIt SALE. '
LOT COxW; houp* 10 rooms and hath: Siy»0:
I^mlcrd Bt. OE*l. \V. II. I'ATTEKSON &
CO.; 1706 ilar^ct ft. ', ;'
3 ACRES and *4 of land. Joinins the Jewiph |
Cemetery: «WP. CEO. W. II. PATTERSON j
& CO.. i:06 Mar-tt ct. .. ._ I
21OUr.IlS housw »nd flats built at lowest |
rri<-'-! E- I'i.'ins r.nd fs'.lmatf furnifihed for all I
bolMtaX work. CAMPHELU »«T Mission »t. j
, , " |
REAL HSTATE OOCXTRV Vor S»le j
i t t , M , , J
l'OR sai^ at a barpmin-ln Cottage Terrace, i
ulthin »i «.f tniiv vt Stanford University, a
Liock ZM<_:U); itaced. with variety of bearing !
- . . • .., • v ; a!so ? cotluj^cs o* 4 rooms each; j
lots SVxlii at van.* plnce. Addrf«« S. S. j
TOVrii&&Xl*. I'alo Alto. Cal.. bix £16.
FOR Kale— Hare barrain; Fan Jon^residence. |
Addr»f^ S. <:. wr.W). c«re Call. S. F. '
ROOMS FOB IIOl*iEKEKi;iXG.
AVERY. t. off G*ary, r.ear rillmore— 3 Funny
n'.cely furnished hnusrk orpine rooms; bath.
UAKl'It-.'Sll*— *."omp>tely furnls-hed r.unny up.
p«r Coot. Z rooms arul hatf;: rf-afonab!'*: ref.
EI>DV, If"— Nice. lars» f u? :ilrh<»d front rooms:
cfaaap; liglit bwwkeeping; saK. bath; iui«-t.
I'KI-L. :i— Tn-o tunny houjxkr'cplns rooms;
ranninir n'atcr; furn!xho<3 cornr.letc.
FIFTH. ?Z3— Fornlsljed housekeeping rooms. J7;
»¦:.''•• bc-drooinf. U. Jj month.
>1RHT. ISA — i r<-oms fcr Iiou6tlict?ptr.g; business
I'-catlon: r«r.t cheaj>. |
HYDE, 4 1 *— Funny front eu'.te cornnlete for
houM>k*n>lnK, f 16: also front parlor suite.
JE5-EIE. 273. rear il!at— 2 suites housekeeping
ruoms; IS.
ROO9XS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
MARKET. 1S24— Large front sunny bay-window
room, neatly furnished ; rent 112; telephone.
MARKET. 153S. bet. Eighth and Ninth— Three
sunny rooms; rtn^e, water, yard; $12 50 to $15;
quiet place.
MARKET. IOCS — Larce. sunny alcove and
kitchen. $10; furnished kitchen and bedroom $7.
MINXA, 135, near Sixth — Large sunny house-
keocinc room. $7.
illSSION. 1121-Housekeeplng rooms, ?10 suite
and ur>; no objection to children.
MISSION. 1425— Nicely furnished parlor suite;
suitable for light housekeeping.
NATOMA. C2— 2 rurn'.shed housekeeping rooms;
33 month.
NINTH. 113— Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
running water; $12; also 2 housekpg rms; JS.
j NOE, 131. near Market — 2 sunny bay-window
• rooms; modern flat; complete for housekeep-
lng; »;. .
OAK. 119— Single rooms; eunny front: furnished
for housekeeping; J5. IS and IS each.
POST. P6Z— Sunny housekeeping rooms, {15 and
tl*j other sunny rooms. 57 and $10." - ,• ;,
POWELL. 710— Connecting roomB. complete for
housekeeping; pax, bath and yard; $15.
SOUTH PARK. IS* — Two sunny front rooms,
nlc»ly furnished for housekeeping.
i THIRD. 41D— Nicely furnished rooms for house-
"¦ ke»p!nff, gas «!ovp; also front sunny room;
rac-Jorn. new building; use of hath: referncs.
THIRTEENTH, 405. cor. Valencia— Suite fur-
nished front rooms; housekeeping; newly
renovated; sink: bath; SI*. ;t
TWENTY-THIRD. 372«, nr. Dolores— 2 suites of
eusuiy bay-window rooms: nico, neat.
WANTED- Elderly couple to look after rooming
house for r»nt of 2 unfur. rooms. 342 Kearny.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia it.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS TO LET Furn. anil tnfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. MS Sixth— Rooms
tic to $1 per night, Jl 15 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night. <¦ ;
BOHEMIA. 239 Port «L— Sunny corner suites to
I gentlemen r.nd families; references given; ele-
| vator; all conven'ces; tourists accommodated.
j BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
I nUned rm*.. suites, einsl*; also unfurnished.
I CAPP. ISO. near Seventeenth — Three sunny un-
! furnished rooms; rent tlO; water free.
EIGHTH. 3SB — Large neatly furnished sunny
rocm; bath; 16: private family.
ELEVENTH. 114B— Furnished sunny room;
; running water; rent to; private family.
' FOLSOM 9«5. corner Sixth — Suite of 3 elegant
sunny corner rooms, suitable for doctor.
FOLSOM. S«, cor. 6th (The Ollver)-Newly fur-
nished sunny rooms, tingle or suites ;reasonbl.
GEARY, 403 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnished
rooms; suite* or single; travelers iccomMitfd.
GEARY. 1012— One neat sunny room; furnished
or unfurnished.-
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1219— Furnished rooms;
housekeeping and others: gas and bath.
GRAND ave.. U, on* Mission, bet. 9th and 10th
— I^arge sunny furnished front room, $6; also
single room, |4.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en sQlte or ;
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7S1 Mission st.— Select
family rocm Ing house; SI BO to SS per week.
HARRISON, 784H, nr. 4th— Finely fur. sunny
rooms; bath; all con.; homelike: $1 week up.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites: single: tran-
elent; baths. MRS. KINO. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. S»-Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
gc to tl night; also housekeeping rooms.
LARKIX. 17M— Room in private family; rent
|5: board if preferred.
LASKIE. 27. bet. Eighth and Ninth, off Mission
—Single front room; also three housekeeping
rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
MARKET. 1S02. corner Van Ness— Sunny front
rooms; bay window; with or without kitchen.
MASON. 502— Nicely furnished single rooms.
MrALLISTER. HOH— Light, sunny rooms; ran-
I nlRg water, eras and bath; rent $5 and tt.
I MINNA, 514— Nicely furnished double and sln-
j pie rooms; reasonable.
I MIXXA. 667. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
j O"FARRELL. it>— Sunny furnished rooms and
i offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
POWELL, in— Light, clean rms.. suites or sin-
gle: transient: running water: rates reduced.
ROSEDALE House. 3U and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. *ac to tl; week. II 25 to $4; open night.
ROTAL HOUSE. 128 Ellis et.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night. »5c to $1 60; week. $1 I
to SS; month. JS to 120; elevator on office floor; |
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ¦¦?¦¦ ¦-%¦
EHERMAN Apartment House. 28' Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE OAKS. 11» Third — A rood rooming house
for rood people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch efflce. 2200 Fillmore st. ;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencla st.
ROOMS AXD DOARD.
i MARKET. 1049A (Hotel Robinson)— Furn. rms..
with first -class board: double. J10 wk. ; single.
I 115 mo.: modern: elevator; table board. %t wk. ;
meals. 25c. MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
HAIGHT. 232— Sunny rooms, with or without
board. *
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market St.— Suit* of t or 3
j nr.s.: private: bath: sin, rms.: board optional.
THE HEDGES. M4-82S Powell St.— Newly fur-
n1sh>d: excellent board: from $20 up.
~ H OOMS WAXTED.
IN warm district and quiet street; sunny front
room, bedroom and bath with family who will
care for child when parties are out. Box
435S. CbII office.
NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION I
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 5-10; tel. 65M. i
ROOMS papered from S3: whitened. « up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL klrds bought, sold, and repairing guaran-
; t*«d. Chas. Plambeck. W5 Mission, nr. Kth.
RKN'TED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
! piles. Standard Agency. 145 Cth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds "bought, sold. exch»nged. rented; j
repairing at 1owe«t rates. 2f5 Fourth Bt. '
TVI'UWKITKKS A.XU Sl'lTHES. - I
I GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
j . sell tetter machines for less money than any
' house In the city; rental*. 12. The Typewriter |
; Kirhtnr*. t3« CsHfornta. telephone Main 2««.
STORAGE AM) WAREHOUSES. i
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762. j
I EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission »t.. |
tel. South 63.')— Packing, moving and storage.
1'IERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movtne Co.
Offic* 401 Post Bt.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 571J.
PACIFIC Ptrrare snd Furniture Moving Com.
pary. 222a Ftllrnor* rt.: rhon»» Jncks^n 281.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.AMEDA nEAL RESTATE.
' FOR sale — A lovely new home of 8 rooms and
I bath, reception hall and basement; choice lo-
' cation; terms; at a nominal price; also house
I of < rooms, large lot. J27CO, terms; house ot
6 rooms. $2<VX>. terms. J. H. YOUNG, builder,
1S43 Park st. ¦¦.'--
FRUTTVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRIITVAI-E REAL ESTATE.
1 FOR sale cheap — A nice new house, in Frult-
val<\ near station. Apply corner Putnam st.
and Merrel ave.; Urmt ency.
QAJiNDTDVEltTlSEMENTS.
LFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
; 1
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
13000— HAND V to Broadway; modern cottage of
f. rooms, bath, floored basement and ser-
vant's room: lot 28x100; rents $23; . sunny i
frontage: first-class in every respect and n
big bargain. GEO. VV. AUSTIN & CO.. IOCS
Broadway, Oakland. Cal. j
BLOCK 64. roust be sold, near 23d ave., 17th st..
Fart Oakland: a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT. 1113 East Slx-
teaath st.. E»st Oakland.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriaee and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either or the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name ami residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MARRIED.
COPPIN— COCHRAX— In this city, June 2. 1900,
at Central M. E. Church, by th» Rev. S. D.
Hutsinplller, Richard J. S. Coppin and Sarah
L. Cochrun, both of San Francisco.
GORDINO— WENZEL— In this city. May 27.
190O. by the .Rev. S. D. Hutslnpiller, John
Gordlno of Sailnas and Ella Wenzel of San
Francisco.
HELGESTAD— KIRRI-In this city, May 31,
19C0, at Central M. E. Church, by the Rev.
S. D. Hutsinplller, Olaf Helgestad of San
Francisco and Emma Klrrl of Humboldt
County. OTal.
HUBBARD— McDONOUGH— In this cltv, June
2. 1900, at Central M. E. Church, by the Rev.
S. D. Ilutsinoiller. James L. Hubbard and
Florence McDonough, both of San Francisco.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for military supplies.— 3t Xew
Montgomery Et., San Francisco. Cal., May 16,
WOO. Sealed proposals in triplicate will be
received here until 11 o'clock a. m., June 6,
1?00 and then opened, for furnishing Sta-
tionery, Hardware. Office Furniture. Saddlery,
Leather, Brushes, Buckets, Axle Grease, Lye,
Oils Paints. Sponge. Cotton Waste, etc. Pref.
erence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (including In
the price of foreign productions the duty
thereon) and such preference given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast to the extent of
the consumption required by the public service
there. The United States reserves the right
to accept or reject any or 'all proposals or any
part thereof. Proposals for delivery at other
points will be entertained. Information and
blank proposals furnished on application. En-
velopes will be endorsed "Proposals for Mili-
tary Supplies, No. 4121," and addressed CAP-
TAIN OSCAR F. LONG. Assistant Quarter-
master, U. S. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 16 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company. 327 Market St., on and after
MONDAY. June 1L 1900. Transfer books will
close on Monday. June 4. 15.00. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 18. of
seventy-five cents (75c) per share on the Is-
sued capital stock of the company, .has been
declared, payable, at the office of ; the com-
pany. 4S0 California St., San Francisco, on
June 11. :J90O. Transfer- books close June 4,
1900. nt noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
AN introduction to you from II. Scbellhaas. tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD.
NO children; desirable home for gentlemen;
room and board; warm belt; Highland Park;
easy access to cars and trains. Apply MRS.
SCHUBERT, 1712 Twenty-first avenue. East
Oakland.
OAKLAND .UNFURNISHED HOUSES.
$18— COZY, cottage of i rooms; very sunny:
large lot; lots of other nice places. GEO. W.
AUSTIN & CO., house renters, 1008 Broadway,
near Tenth St., Oakland.'
AUCTION SALES
CLOSINfi-OUT SALE by AUCTION
fe» OP
SS HEAD GEXTLE, WELL-BROKEN
HORSES,
From Sisklyou County.
MONDAY MORNING. June 4. ISO. at 11 o'clock.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
• 721-723 Howard St.. near Third.
W. G. latxg. Auctioneer.
AUCTION ! AUCTION !
MONDAY. June 4th. at 1!) O' Clock.— BEL-
GIAN' HARES direct from England. Bucks
scoring by official Judge— 9.V%. 95Vj. 95. 94»i. Ekvs
brerl to these bucks. Market-st. Rabbitry, 1S33
Market st. p:MIL COHN. Auctioneer.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
I. R. Alden, John A. Lanthcaume, Mrs. C.
A. Perkins and Mrs. J. F. Hood of San Fran-
cisco and Mrs. J. G. Hammer and Mrs. Theo.
Bedard of Montana, a native of Switzerland,
aged 77 years and 11 months.
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesdav). at 10 o'clock, from the res-Idence
of his daughter. Mrs. J. F. Hood, 1504 Frank-
lin street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOYLE— Entered Into rest, in New York, April
9 1000 James William Moyle, beloved- hus-
band of Angeline Moyle. and father of Robert
S. Moyle, Mrs. E. C. Bond, Mrs. J. M. Set-
bert, Mr^. J. Has Brouck and Anna S. Moyle,
a native of New Jersey, aged 67 years and 15
days.
NIGHTINGALE— In Menlo Park, June S. 1900,
John Nightingale Jr., a native of San Fran-
ClSCO, aged 45 years. = j , . -
Cr Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the chapal In
.Cypress. Lawn Cemetery. Friends from the
city who deBire to attend will take the 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets to Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
PEEL-In this city, June '3. 1900, at the resi-
dence of his mothfer, Matthew Crooks Peel,
son of Mrs. Thomas Morffew, a native of San
Francisco, aged /Jl years and 11 months.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
PETZOLD— In this city,. June 2, 1900, Mary
Petrold, beloved wife of Ausrust Pctzold.
mother of Mary. August. Frlda, Alfred and
Adel Petzold, and sister of Henry Uertrand,
Mrs. Decker. Mrs. Michel. Mrs. Weiss and
Joseph and Emil Bertrand, a native of Ueber-
ach, Alsace, aged 35 years and 6 months.
(PPFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock sharp, from her late
' residence, <602 Eighteenth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. .
REESE— In the City and County Hospital, June
3. 1900. John T. Reese, a native of Pennsylva-
nia, nsed 31 years.
S\ND— In this city, June 1,-1900. Katherine,
beloved wife of Joseph Sand, mother o! Fred.
William. Joseph. GeorBe. Walter and Laura
Sand and Mrs. L. K. Gloclrer. sister of Mrs.
J Jordan. Mrs. L. Nolte and H. Decker, and
daughter of the late Barbara Decker, a na-
tive of Louisville, Ky.. aged 57 years.
(CTrlend!" and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 644 Jessie street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
SPEAR— In this city, June 2. 1900, Alexander
F husband of the late Sarah E. Spear, and
father of Lewis E. Spear. Mrs. Fannie E.
Howe Mrs. Robert K. Dunn and Mrs. J. W.
Barnes, a native of ThomaEton, Me.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances ar\ respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, trom the Mission Ma-
sonic Temple 2668 Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, under the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and A.
M. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via
electric funeral car.
STURM— In this city. June 2. 1900. Carl, beloved
husband of Annie Sturm, father of Ernst and
Henry Sturm, and stepfather of Fritz and
Theodore Ernst, a native of Saxony. Ger-
many, aged 45 years 6 months and 20 days. A
member of Verein Elntracht and San Fran-
cisco Lodne No. 1. O. d. H. S.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvlt»d to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
11 F Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F Cemetery-
WAGENER— I" this city. June 2, 1300, Ama-
lla dearly beloved wife of F. O. Wagener
<nee Kohlmoos), and mother of Emil, Robert,
Bertha and Agnes Wagener. a native of Ham-
burg Germany, aged 62 years 6 months and
7 days. (New York papers please cony.)
|C7"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 814 Devlsadero street, thence to Odd
Fellows' Cemetery, where the remains will be
cremated. Kindly omit flowers.
CARD OF THANKS
H. F. Schllchtingr and son desire to thank
their many friends for their kind expressions
of sympathy in their hour of trouble and be-
reavement.Found Dead , in His Bed.
Richard .Weeden,- aged GO: -years., was
found dead in his bed, at 114 Pacific street,
yesterday. The deceased had been work
ing for his ' board at : the lodging , house
where he died. The • body wa-s removed
the Morgue h, V
Shot at a Burglar.
Eli Agneleri was arrested last night by
Officer Hurley and charged at the Central
station -with attempt to commit burglary.
The accused broke a, window in the house
of ; Patrick Derby, at 36 . Federal street,
and was about to ransack the premises
when J he /was discovered by. Derby's son,
who* fired a* shot at him as he was trying
to; escape ..over, the roofs of adjolninc
bouses,"a*p|«|g5
NEXT GRAND AERIE OF
EAGLES WILL MEET HERE
Three Members of the Local Lodge
Secure It for San Fran
cisco.
Through the persuasive eloquence and
liberal spirit manifested by the San Fran
cisco delegates to the grand convention of
the Fraternal Order of Just
brought to a close at Vancouver, this city
has secured the next cession of the grand
lodge, or Grand Aerie, as It Is called.
This order is of less than two years'
growth. It started in- Seattle about
eighteen months ago with less than one
hundred members, and is now \ r ery pow
erful. A candidate's occupation, no mat
ter what It may be, does not debar -him
from admission so long as he possesses
merit and morals to justify his affiliation
with his fellow man. .
At the convention just -rlosed this State
and city were represented by E. L. Wag
ner, past president and district delegate
for California; James. F. Cheatham. past
president and State organizer, and E. L.
Head, president of Aerie No. 5. San Fran
cisco. These three men stood together on
all propositions, with the general view. of
securing for this city the next session of
the Grand Aerie, which wili assemble on
the 14th of May. 1301.
To E. L. Wagner belongs much of the
credit of winning. the fight for San Fran
cisco. This city was opposod by n com
bination of delegates from other States.
Umte. Mont., offered to guarantee $25,000
for the convention. Astoria, Kansas City
and Minneapolis also tried to secure it.
Against all of these Wagner and his co
workers had to contend. There will be
about 300 delegates.
REVISITS CALIFORNIA
AFTER FIFTY YEARS
E. A. Brinckerhoff , Who Dug Kis For
tune Here in '49, Is at the .
Palace. J
K. A. Brinckerhoff ot Knglewood,, N. J.,
who is now a guest at the ' Palace Hotel,
has not visited Californla-before: In half
a century. He was" among: the 'earliest
Kold hunters In this State and one of the
most successful. "When " he returned
to the Atlantic seaboard in I1S50 he.
carried home a small fortune, with which
he entered upon a successful business ca
reer. He has now. retired from business
and resides, with his family, amid mag
nificent surroundings, at Englewood.- He
lias for many years held the honorary
title of Chief of Police of the place In
which he lives. Mr. Brinckerhoff is: ac
companied on his present trip by his wife
nnd four daughters. For six weeks they
have been traveling through the State,
visiting places of note and that part of
California In which he dug out the foun
dation of his fortune.
Policeman Michael McHugh, attached to
the Mission district, was nearly murdered
by two yewung- toughs at Twelfth and Har
rison streets yesterday' afternoon. Al
though faint from his wounds and loss
of blood, he succeeded in arresting one of
them after subduing him by a blow on the
head with his club.
A number of hoodlums had been drink-
Ing in a saloon on the corner of Twelfth
and Harrison streets. They went into a
barn there and made so much disturbance
that the saloonkeeper sent a message to
the Seventeenth-street station for an offi
cer to subdue them. Policeman McHugh
was sent and when he reached the barn
the noise was appalling. He placed "Skin
ny" Porter, the ringleader, under arrest,
and while taking him to the patrol box
Charles Ryan sneaked up behind the offi
cer and struck him on the back of the
head with a shovel, cutting through hia
helmet and opening his scalp.
McHugh wheeled around and got an
other blow from the shovel on the fore
head which dazed him. He released his
hold of Porter and grabbed hold of Ryan.
They fought all over the street and Porter
struck the bleeding and almost uncon
scious officer with some blunt instrument,
probably the shovel. McHugh drew his
club and hit Ryan a blow. on the head
Tihich took all the fight out of him. Por
ter, not relishing a similar experience,
ran away and the police are searching for
McHugh and Ryan Were taken in the
patrol wagon to tha Receiving Hospital.
McHugh's coat and vest • were covered
with blood which flowed from the wound3
In the back of his head and forehead.
Dr. Bunnell found that the cuts were
deep and long and the officer's skull may
be fractured. Ryan had a lacerated but
not serious wound on the scalp. . •
After Ryan's wound .was dressed Mc-
Hugh took him to the City Prison, where
a charge of assault with a deadly weapon
was booked against him. A similar
charge will be made against Porter when
arrested. '
Although Bleeding- and Almost Un
conscious, He Succeeded in Sub
duing and Arresting One of
His Assailants.
Michael McHugh Is Struck
on the Head Twice With
a Shovel.
YOUNG HOODLUMS
BATTLE FIERCELY
WITH POLICEMAN
The celebration of Shabuoth, or "The
Feast of Weeks," was observed yester
day In all the synagogues of the city.
The festival Is commemorated in the Jew
ish faith, in honor of the time when the
Mosaic law was given to the children of
Israel from the top of Mount Sinai. It
is especially celebrated In the synagogues
nowadays by confirmation services,
wherein boys and girls are Initiated into
the faith and declare their belief in its
principles.'
The confirmation service at the Temple
Emanu-El commenced at 9:30 in the morn
ing. Twenty candidates were confirmed.
The service was conducted by the Rev.
Dr. J. Voorsanger. During the cere
mony the choir, under the direction of
Cantor E. J. Stark, rendered several beau
tiful vocal selections.
The following children were confirmed:
Ruth Adler, Ruby, F. Adler, Jeannette
Uri, Josephino Kaskell, Gladys R. Meyer,
Helen Rita Schwabacher, Blanche Son.
Harry Auerbach, Estelle • Cerf, .Lolita
Heyneman, Grace Levy, Milton Blrnbaum,
Alvin H. Behrtndt, Nathan A. Goldstein,
Milton E. Davis, Albert Schweitzer,
George "W. Frank, Louis J,. Newman, Har
old Meyer and Sanford G. Mayer.
The service at the Congregation Beth-
Israel was both solemn ana impressive.
The synagogue had been beautifully dec
orated for the occasion, and the attend
ance at the service was so large that
many of tho" congregation had to stand
throughout in the vestibule. A double
<iuartet rendered several numbers and'
Miss Rebe Levinson sang with great ef
fect the prayer from the Straedella. Each
of the confirmants made a short address
in, clear tones which could be heard by
the whole congregation. At the close of
tho service the Rev. Dr. Levy adminis
tered the, form of benediction to the chil
dren. .
The following candidates were confirm
ed: Stella Levy, Arthur Weingarten, Min
nie Simon. Myra Pass, Clara Wlllner,
Joseph Eichwold, Jennie Garren, Sadie
Harris, Flossie Levy, Sidney Blumenthal,
Golda Harris, Sellna Packscher, Hattie
Salomon, Melville Joseph, Mae Lewis, Abe
Myrson, Mabel Newman, Edythe Lbw
enthal, Irvine Hyman, Goldie Cooper, Ju
liette Kragen, Sylvia Kresteller. Selma
Relse, Pearl Shaen and Cecile Emanuel.
The ¦ Rev. Dr. J. 'Nieto ¦ presided over
the- service at the Sherith Israel. Fir
teen,children were conlirmed at thi3 syn
agogue. They were: Fannie' Zwerin, Mil
dred Phillips, Mae Newman, Ethel Klrsh
braun, Hindu, Jacobowsky, Frances Gut
stadt. Hattic ¦ Colemari; I Tina ' Newman.
Leon Kutner, Jake Samuel, Sidney. S. Bib
bero. • George \\V, Davis. Julian *Gnjen,
Cairo Litman and Joseph 'Glassman. •? ;
• At the Bush-street synagogue -the ser
vices were held at. 7:30 in; the evening.
Master Willie Stem delivered: an address
entitled "Remember Thy Creator." At
the morning service the Rev. Dr. Myers
preached on the .topic '"Is the "Jewish Re
ligion Dying Out?" :- - , ;*> ¦
. ''The "Jewish religion- is here to stay,"
he | said. "Millions of people j believe , In
one God, .which somewhat resembles our
religion. There "are^ many . Jew3 that are
indifferent to religion and do not attend
services..- Our religion is lilie a tree, num
bers of leaves and branchp«:wither up and
fallawayfrom . the. tree. -biit.the. tree still
remains. ¦ ¦ - •*>£ Jli •*.:-,• vl •: ;
:, The children confirmed by. Rahni Myers
were: Leona Breslauet, 1 ' Mabel 'Frbhman,
Ksther Indig. Elsle^Kahn. Bertha Kan
ti owltz, T , Clemnse . Marx. ; : Jennie - Pechner.
Irvln Bare, " Laser. Blum,. Charles Fergu
son, David G*itman,' Leo Hlrnchfeld; Ar
thur Jacobs. Morris Katz. ; Edgar Levy.
Simon Lutz, David Newman, Lucien
Reis. Samuel , Ste:i '" and Abraham
Strasser. •
Master Willie Stern Delivered an Ad
dress on "Remember Thy Crea- •
tor" at the Bush-Street
Impressive Services at All
the Jewish Synagogues •
| in the City. ,
CONFIRMATION
AND SHABUOTH
WAS OBSERVED
Well-Known Physician Dies
Suddenly at v Menlo
Park.
DR. JOHN NIGHTINGALE, the well
known physician, died yesterday
morning at Menlo Park. His death
was -sudden, although not wholly
unexpected, and has cast a gloom on his
family and intimate friends. When death
closed his career Dr. Nightingale was vis
iting the home of his friend Chris Smith.
The immediate cause of death was heart
disease.
Dr. Nightingale had been a sufferer dur
ing the past ten years. In the winter of
1S90 he contracted the grip arid never re-,
covered from its effects. It left his sys
tem in a weakened condition and he was
susceptible to the varying conditions bf
the weather.
At the time of his death Dr. Nightingale
was in his forty-fifth year. He was a son
of John Nightingale,, the capitalist, and
resided with his father at COO Halght
street. He received his early, education
in the schools of this city and was then
sent by his parents to Germany and Paris
to finish his medical studies. After he ob
tained his 'degree: he traveled through
Kuropc in company with James L. Flood,
Joseph Grant and George Crocker. .He re
turned to this city in JS78 and immediate
ly took up the practice of medicine. He
gradually developed a lucrative practice,
which he was compelled' to give up on ac
count of ill health. During, the. past ten
years he devoted his time tb looking after
his father"s extensive business interests.
He was elected a freeholder and helped
frame the present city charter.
The funeral will be held to-morrow. The
body will be taken from Menlo Park to
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.: where services
will be held in the cjiapel. The body will
be interred in the mausoleum erected by
his father. ', . •
DR. NIGHTINGALE
CALLED TO REST
day night. The officers present were:
Colonel, K. J. Power; lieutenant colonel. T>.
Z. McGlone; surgeon. Major Joseph G. Morris
ppy; asfiFtant surgeon. Captain John F. Sulli
van; adjutant. Captain P. J. Haesrerty; in
spector. Captain D. J. McCarthy; quartermas
ter. Lieuetnant V. I. Carroll: commissary. Lieu
tenant J. H Scanlon; major First Battalion*
Daniel C. Dea«y : major Second Battalion,
James B. Power: major Third Battalion. John
P Duffy; adjutants. First Lieutenant Frank I.
Gonzalfs. Secord Lieutenant George F. Welch,
Third Lieutenant Fred A. Hooper: bandmaster,
Fir« Lieutenant Maximilian F. Walten.
Company A. Captain William C. Hopper;
Company B, Captain James T. Curiey; Com-
pany C. Captain P. L. Hannon; Company D,
Captain J. D. Dwyer. First Lieutenant George
II. Sullivan, Second Lieutenant Frank A. Mc-
Carthy; Company E. Captain L. A. McCrystle,
F-econd Lieutenant Bart Malone; Company F,
Captain U. F. Hynes. First Lieutenant J.
Henry Long, Second Lieutenant . J. Henry
Sheehan; Company O. Captain William Dixon.
First Lieutenant William Perry. Second Lieu
tenant James Toohy: Company H. Captain J.
V. Keating, First Lieutenant T. H. O'Connor,
Second Lieutenant G. Beasley; Company I,
Captain II. Power. First Lieutenant James
Waters. Second Lieutenant J. Keefe; Company
K. Captain J. H. Rellly. First Lieutenant Al
Hanley. Second Lieutenant T. J. Branson;
Company L, Captain Frank Grimley, First
Lieutenant ) Joseph Meagher, ¦ Second Lieuten
ant Garratt ¦ M. SearB; Company M, Captain
Al S. . Mclntyre, First Lieutenant Charles
Adams. Second Lieutenant Frank Lamin^er:
Company iN\ Ccptain J. A. Kennedy, Second
Lieutenant J. C. McBrien; Company O, Cap
tain Joseph Wesplear. First Lieutenant T. J.
Curtin, Second Lieutenant J. Hackenbruck;
Company It. First Lieutenant Mark McCann,
Second Lieutenant Charles A. Flynn.
Non-commlssion»d etaft- — Regimental ser
geant. Major Thomas A. Deasy; quartermas
ter, Sergeant D. I!. Torres; commissary, Ser-
Reant Lester Coghlan: chief trumpeter. Vin
cent Devlin: hospital steward. Joseph Fcerarty;
color sergeants, George Shaw and Joe Merrill.
The regiment was put through a series
of evolutions -by Colonel Power, which
were performed in a style that elicited
the admiration of the spectators. Each
company seemed to vie v/ith the others In
excellence of movement and alignment.
Elaborate preparations for the event
Friday night have been made. Major Gen
eral Shafter will be the reviewing officer
and the judges of the contest will be
three commissioned officers of the "Third
Artillery, stationed at the Presidio,, yet to
be selected. The military concert will
commence at 7:30 sharp. The band con
sists of thirty-six pieces. It is acknowl
edged- to be one of the finest on the coast.
The field music consists of forty pieces.
The drill will include skirmishing, march
ing and passing in review, and there will
also be physical exercises. James" Coffey
will be in charge of the box ofilce and
John W. McCarthy will command the.sev
enty-six ushers. L. M. Carroll will be the
head doorkeeper. During the week the
competition among: the companies for the
selection of the four to contest Friday
night for the trophy, which is at present
held by Company D, will be closed and
the names will be announced.
The belated citizens of San Francisco'
who happened to be passing the lit
tle alley tunning from Ellis to
Eddy street, above Powell, known
os Anna lane or Glasgow street, at 4
o'clock or thereabouts yesterday
morning' were treated to the sight of an
impromptu boxing contest, one of the
principals in which is the scion of one of
the foremost families of America, the?
other being known among horsemen ana
racetrack frequenters from the Atlantic
to the Pacific, while the referee is a come
dian of world-wide fame.
Shortly before the hour mentioned there
was gathered m one of tne well-known
retorts in that neighborhood a coterie of
good CetiowB who nail «ist-embled to ex
change gossip and take a social glass.
Whik' thus engaged they were joined by
do less a personage than J. Morgan Smith,
late member or the crew ot me i-ieam
whulii:g vessel Belvedere and formerly
one ot Sew York's society pets, ij.-nun
has been sojourning in San Francisco lor
the past three years and durmjj that time
has been supported by remittances from
i datives in Mew York. Keceiuly he was
tiled by .-; well-known restaurateur tor
a. bill due for board «ind lodging. Tne
Li'il was finally settled and the suit dis
missed.
J. .Morgan's debut as a pugilist yester
day uas ins next bid for notoriety.
When tin uh joined the party tliere were
j.rest-iit Xat C". truodwln, "Sandy" • Mc
.\aughton, owner of Semper Lex and other
well-Known racehorses, and several other
BcnUemea well known about town. The
proud possessor of a recorded pedigree
and a bunch of rich relatives was in a lo
quacious mood and began to expound on
pugiiij-rn. lie declared in accents loud
xf.m no haa received his instructions in
boxing from no less a personage than the
leaouotable and rejuvenated James J.
Corbelt, aud emphasized his remarks by
leaUins hie left lor Mr. McNaughton's
jt v. i.he blow tailed to land only because
of that gentleman's clever ducking.
Angry words followed the onslaught and
Dm ijarticliiants adjourned to the alley,
where, wiui regularly selected seconds,
bottle-holders, towel-wlelders and advis
ers, the two belligerents prepared to do
liattle. Mr. Goodwin acted in the double
capacity of timekeeper and referee.
The l:rst round was mainly a sizing-up
performance by both principals, but in the
j>econd round the contestants went at it
to regular professional style. They had
B£reed to abide by Ftrict Queensberry
rules ana v/hen the referee's voice cried
"break" they parted like old ringsters and
were at it agrain, each endeavoring to put
their left on a vital point.
Both men Fhowea by their cleverness
that they were adepts in the art of box-
Ing, and. although there was a great dis
parity in. tize and weight, McXaughton
being at least a foot ttiorter and thirty
pounds lighter, the men seemed evenly
matched.
In the third round Smith secured two
knockdowns, but McXaughton was up and
lighting gamely ;tnd at the end of the
round had evened up matters by placing
a vicious right hook on his tall opponent's
left optic
At the call of tfme for the fourth and
final round both men sprang to their feet
with a do-or-die look upon their faces. It
was in this round that most of the llght
j'^s was done. McNauphton led for the
ex»whaler'a body, but ltll short, and was
met by Smith's right to the jaw. which
sent the horse owner down for nine sec
onds, v.-hich were counted off by the ref
eree, with remarks of "Get up. Sandy,"
between counts. After a few more ex
changes the battle was suddenly conclud
ed by Smith running into a well aimed
right cross on the jaw.
Ai'tf-r the battle both contestants were
congratulated by the referee, ar.d after
shaking hands and being assured by Mr.
Goodwin that it was one of the bes{ con
tests he had ever witnessed the party ad
journed to a near-by cafe and victor and
vanquished partook of many small "bots "
McNaughton is but little the worse for
¦wear as a result of the mill. Smith Is
nursing a black eye.
The Comedian Officiates at an Early
Morning Set-To in an Alley.
Itlan With a Pedigrree
Knocked Out.
J. Morgan Smith and "San
dy"' McNaughton in a
Lively Bout
NAT GOODWIN
AS A REFEREE
IS A SUCCESS
So long as- there is a. quarantine about
Chinatown the Board : of Health has come
to the conclusion that it must be a good
one and not one of sievelike characteris
tics.' To that end it has decided to make
the quarantine line at least twenty feet
wide; that is. It shall no longer be possi
ble for people from the inside to come to
one side of a rope and shake hands and
hold heart to heart talks with people on
the other side, as if no quarantine exist
ed.; Instead, it has been decided tl*a.t the
zone of protection shall be at least twenty
feet broad and no one may encroach upon
It. Twenty feet of Chinatown air is con
sidered sufficient, to kill any germ that
might show a disposition to wander out of
bounds. .
The passes heretofore issued with such
a lavish hand will also be curtailed and
many of those already issued will be
taken up. It has been customary to in
oculate a person with a little of the proph
ylactic and then give him, a pass to
I come and go through the lines, provided
he escape each time by way of the fuml
gator on Portsmouth square, but this will
be stopped. Hereafter, if present Inten
tions be carried out, the chances of run
ning the quarantine might be likened to
; the. problem of the camel and the needle's
eye referred to inthe Scriptures.
The Board of Health met yesterday af
ternoon, in pursuance of a resolution that
requires a meeting every day during these
times. The new regulations regarding
quarantine came up in the form of a re
port from the committee on quarantine
of the board. The committee further rec
ommended that a camp of detention for
the indigent of the quarantined quarter
be established on Angel Island, near the
Government station, and this recommen
dation was supplemented by one from Dr.
McCarthy, who suggested Mission Rock
for the same purpose. The outcome of
the recommendations will be the estab
lishment of two stations, one at each
place, the first one to be on Mission Rock,
as it is the easiest to get in order. The*
plan was considered a particularly good
one, as it combined the features of an
effective quarantine as well as a place to
care for the. indigent, and by its isolation
a place distasteful to all those not actu
ally in need of assistance from the city.
The board threw its gauntlet at the
three physicians retained by the Six Com
panies—Dr. Hodghead, Dr. Pillsbury and
Dr. Powers. These three physicians had
been visiting Chinatown by permission,
which permission was withdrawn Satur
day afternoon. The question of renewing
these permits came up yesterday and was
put over another day. Then a resolution
was passed which places in quarantine the
persons and the laboratories of all per
sons, except the authorized officers of the
Board of Health, who have taken tissue
from bodies of dead Chinese for purposes
of investigation or experiment. This rule
is especially interesting when it is known
that In the last case reported the three
doctors of the Six Companies got in ahead
of the bacteriologist and the autopsy phy
sicians o£» the board and removed speci
mens from the glands of the dead* man.
The new rule means that Dr. . Hodghead.
Dr., Pillsbury and Dr. Powers and their
laboratories must go into seclusion for a
time, the length of which will be deter
mined by the time it takes them to make
up their minds to be good.
The case in question was one reported
to the board yesterday as showing * sus
picious symptoms. It is that of Chaw Gue
Gong, a Chinese, who for the past nine
teen months has lain sick at 817 Clay
street. He. died Saturday and yesterday
morning an autopsy was held. When the
physicians started to work upon the body,
however, they found that others had been
before them, hence the order relegating
t^e three doctors to temporary retirement.
In this connection the following communi
cation received at this office yesterday is
of interest:
We, the undersigned, note two statements
in the Examiner of to-day, one accredited
to Dr. Williamson, the second to Dr. Kel
logir. The first charges us with having re
moved portions of a Chinaman's body,
"whereby." says Dr. WUUamsonV "evi
dence which might be of great value to us
was destroyed." Dr. Kellogrp. after making ?
the same charge, states that "care was
taken to make the incisions before we were
notified of the .death." These two state
ments* are absolutely false. ! Dr. d'Arcey
Power notified the Board of Health of the
ca?e in question at 3:40 p. m. in the pres
ence of the members of the firm of Reddy,
Campbell & Metson and other of the Six
".Company attorneys, and half an hour later,
¦with the rest of the undersigned, went with
Dr.vHereford and another employe of the
•Board of Health to view the body, and Dr.
* d'Arcey Power read to the officers of the:
Board of Health his notes for their nsatst
ance. At that time no gland tissues had
been removed, nor was any removed until
.7:30 p. m. ( when Dr. Pillsbury. in our pres
ence and at the request' of the representa
tives of the Chinese Six Companies, re
moved two Hmall portion's of gland tissue,
leaving many times that amount for the
use of the Doard of Health. The bod v at
that time was still in charge of the Chinese
said to be relatives and not under the con
trol of the Board of Health. These facts
were- necessarily known to the said board,
and we therefore reassert that Drs. Wil
liamson and Kellogg willfully misstated the
facts in a manner calculated to prejudice
the public against us>. If our action in this
case be compared with the action of K the
board In the case of Dang Hong, wherein
we were ' denied all access to the body,
which, after' Dr. O'Brien had Issued to us
, passes' for the purpose of viewing the same,
was nevertheless hastily inclosed In lime
and all further Investigation shut oft. It will
be -sufficiently apparent vvfio are the real
destroyers of evidence.
< The undersigned are - the duly appointed
physicians and specialists for the Chinese
Six Companies and for the past five days
¦ have been pursuing their assigned duties In
Chinatown of visiting the sick, examining
dead and attending autopsies upon bodies ot
deceased Chinese, besides making bacterio
logical examinations of tissues taken from
said bodies. 'We. have at all times acted In
strict , conformity to the regulations of the
board as we understood them, and have at
no time done any act in violation of the
board's orders. For reasons unknown to us,
and which are entirely without Justification,
the board on Saturday afternoon rescinded
, the permission It had heretofore given us
to visit the quarantine district end denied
us the right to further visit Chinatown and
pursue our work there. We were informed
of this at 6 o'clock on Saturday afternoon.
Up to that time we had not Intended to re
move any tisrue except at the autopsy to
b« .held by the board on the morrow, and
at which we. expected to he present. . But
we now realized that we should.be shut out
and : prevented from attending ihe x autopsy
or obtaining specimens. Not wishing to
trust the conclusions as to whether this
was a cape of plasue to .the board we ds
termlned, and 'were so advised by th? at
torneys f or vthe' Chinese.' T to revisit Chlna
¦'town before the orders to exclude us reached
there and to take parts of the bodies needed,
having care, however, to take only a small
.portion of two glands. leaving ahundance
of the same material for the board's opera
tions. This is the reason for our action,
for which no excuse Is needpd.
H. D'ARCT POWKR,
I>. A. HODGHEAP, J
E. S. PILLSBURY.
The hoard also decided that those who
had business to transact within the quar
antined district be notified that they miKht
have an apent- inside with" whom they
might do business, but that he would not
be allowed .outside. It was decided, ton,
to put rnorn garbage iwa&orts in/operation
in the distrlct'a'nd to use more care in the
collection' of garbage. -
Dr.'Bnzet was appointed a member of
the quarantine committee of the board,
and the, committee was directed to confer
whenever possible' with Dr. Klnyoun of
the Federal quarantine service.
Drawing \ the Lines Tighter
\ About District Under
Restraint.
Chaw Gong, Who Died After an Hl
'¦ ness of Nineteen Months, Classed
as a Suspicious
Case.
WOULD STOP ALL
LEAKS THROUGH
THE QUARANTINE
THE League of the Cross Cadets mus
tered in the "Mechanics' Pavilion
yesterday afternoon for drill ¦ pre
paratory to the annual military con
cert and drill contest in the Pavilion Fri-
Regiment of Ca
dets Drill Before
Admiring Spec
tators in Mechan
ics' Pavilion.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS BOYS
PRACTICE FOR BIG CONTEST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1900.
10
DR. JOHN NIGHTINGALE.
G0LSBEBQ. B0WEK ft COS SPECIAL 3 A VI.VO BALM
Stuffed prunes— reg'iy 35c 1525c
Ktted and stuffed— a confection
Lavender salts— Croum a 0C
reg'ly 50c bottle
Turkish cigarettes 20c
Nadine— Egyptian Belles-
El Mahdi— reg'ly 25c package—
This sale will continue for the , »
entire week
June catalogue ready— send or call for It
4J2 Pine a 3 a Sutter t3oo California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Tvrelf trj, OaktaoJ
A Remarkable Pact.
Our Bargain List.
The aim of the present age Is to brine to*
gether the manufacturer and purchaser, doing
away with middleman, thus lowering the sell-
ing price of article without cheapening its cost.
If you will think of this when you are about to
purchase a piano, you will find that you can
save considerable by purchasing from the only
firm on coast which has a large Eastern fac-
tory. The Peerless Heine Is indorsed by all
prominent musicians, such as Mrs. Carmich&el-
Carr, Madame Rosewald. Otto Bendlx, Gustavo
Heinrichs. Fr. Zech and others.
A Heine, original price, $375, nearly sow.
1375; 2 Stein waya. I1S3. $235; 2 (Thicker In ks. $145.
$243: 1 Emerson, $122: 1 Sohmer. $250. Install-
ments $5 to $10. Rents $2 up.
San Francisco Warerooma. 136 Ellis Street.
The Holdfast Clip
For Eye-Glasses,
It is the only nose piece that solves th« prob-
lem of easy, firm adjustment, with simplicity
and neatness of construction.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premise*. Quick repairing. Phone. Main IX
OPULiAro PhotoG'*'* 5c,£ NTiric '
642 Market 5t. instruments
unocu cMdowcit smiDiw&. CATAtOGUE fall.
TTKpp^r'e Oil c:ire» rneumatUm and n^nralrla.
DrugrlFtn. 60c flask. Hlchanin A Co.. Mi Clay.
Just received: A lot of strikingly "up-to-
date" designs in tally cards, menu cards/
place cards, dance and -home entertain-
ment programmes. We enprrave and print
visiting cards, wedding invitations and an-
nouncements. Ask to see our '."Marshall",
Fountain Pens for one dollar. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. -741 Market street. -*' , •
Always Use Platt's Chlorides
for household disinfection. You will likelt*
73c. Babies* Shoes for -35c. a palr:aUthe
Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market st., near 3a.
AT '
MONET-SAVING
FOR THIS WEEK.
SADIES' KID BUTTOX SHOES, turns
and welts S1.45
l^ADIKS" TAN' AND CLACK BICYCXE
OXFORD TIES 91 ls
WENS TAN «HOE3 91.5O
HEN'S BUTTON AND CONGRESS
£"°r:s coe
CHILDREN'S I'ATENT LEATHER
AND KID SHOES 40o
BROKEN LOTS.
.....ALL EXCELLENT SHOES.....
FOB VACATION.
BEE PRICES IN WDTDOWS AND
BARGAIN COUNTER.
SIAII. ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY.
830-832-834 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. IJIJI
%
You ought to see
I£ow Ulany
Beautiful Premiums "
We Give
WIili Teas,
wiiii Coffec«,
• Witli Spices.
v.'iUi Extracts.
Wiiii Soda.
With Uaklnic Powder.
Great Ammai taitim Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORtS.
S70-212 Grajst Ave. <Bet. butter and Post).
HI Market St. (Opp. Powell).
140 eixth st.
Jtt-5 Haye» Su tit Third St.
34 IS Polk Ht. en Mont fernery A»*.
2M6 Mlxslon St. 70S Larkin St.
S00« Sixteenth St. in» Devlsadero St.
J<£ Ninth St. 475 Haicht St.
ItOS FlUmor* St. S2S5 Mission SC '
U Market St. J722 24th fit.
OAKLAND STORES. ¦
SCO Wftgh'nctoa St. C1E E. 12tli St.
027 Broadway. 12*5 23d Ave.
an* t>«v tun* fit. zsa Park SU. Aiam«4*- ,
BQWEM
We ship to the country
at city prices — estimates for
camping 'parties supplied —
deal here and be sure of
the best
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Hams— eastern I4C
Carefully selected— sugar cured—
guaranteed — reg'ly 16c lb
Ceylon Tea "Bee "brand
* reg'ly special
Palamcotta garden lb 50c 40c
Ancoombra garden Ibfoc 50c
Pryamid brand lb 70c. 60c
Canned fruit— i ib tins 3 for 25c
Pears — peaches — apricots — plums
enough for three "•> ,,/ f.
OySterS— Our Choice can 15C 2$C
Eastern— full weight —
flavor of the fresh oyster
Haut sauterne— v i«ta del vaiie
(View of the valley)
Light— for ladies 1 doz quarts $6
Superior flavor— 2 doz pints 7
we have confidence in the future of
? this wine — it's sure to be popular
Corn and succotash i2|c
Sea Foam — reg'ly ! "jc can
Finest quality— rfrom Maine
Lemons— California ._ 1 5c
reg'ly 25c dozen
Stuffed Olives "~ small 30C
Teyssonneau I ar£e acq
reg'ly 75c and 50c bottle
Spanish olives stuffed with anchovies
RaisinS— fine clusters 2 lbs 25C
Whisky— Scotch aod Irish— D C L
— .„ -. «Z'ly special
Eitly Croy $ x 5 85
Highland Club ¦ .1 85
Caledonia "~ 1 35 1 10
Highland Club— gallon 4 50 3 50
French mustard 2 bottles 35c
Lcmit— reg'ly 25c bottle
Different flavors
Root beer— Hire* $ x o^
Ready made— sparkling—
reg'ly $1 15 djjfeen
Cheese— eastern— reg'ly 25c lb 2OC
Martin's Herldmer Co — N Y
Full cream
Fruit syrup-s n&co 40c
reg'ly 50c bottle
Dilute with mineral water
Paprika— Hungarian . 2OC
reg'ly 25c X lb tin
Sweet red pepper— our Importation
Cologne— reg'ly 90c bottle 75C
Joha n n Maria Farina
French soap— ptnaud 6oc
. Assorted odors— box of j ca!<?s
reg'ly 75c . ;j
Salzsi engel- — reg'iy 20c 1 £ c
German salt cracker
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
/These six cases of Elegant Black
and Colored Dress Goods come to us
two months later than order called
for, hence the ahove prices.
Please write for samples at once, while the
assortment is complete.
.4 Cases FANCY ENGLISH TWEEDS,
full 48 inches wide, 25 different
stales,
75 C Yard.
Regular price $1.75 oard,
2 Cases BLACK ENGLISH SILK
MOHAIR CREPONS, 15 different
steles,
4)1. kJ\J Yard.
Regular price $2.50 uard.
y I - - ¦ ..
ll . fi PATE_NTST il
V5^330 MARKET Sr.s£ <^S&'
/ IA/. T. HESS.
WCTART PC3^I2 AHO ATTORNST-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Clans Spreckela Bide.
Rcstdtnce. 821 California ft., below Powell.
Sun Kranclsco. BBSMHSAS^Maffii* -
Telephone Brown S31.
GOLDBERG. B0WEN * CO'S SPECIAL SAVING SALE
PALACE HOTEI
The bitch standard of excellence main-
tained by these hotels is recognized and
appreciated by a discriminating nnd fas-
tldlocs clientele who regularly make them
their heailfjaa rt<>r '' when In S»*an Francisco.
Ixicaled In close proximity to wholesale-
and nhufil>lnx districts, places of amuse-
n ,,iit nnJ vtrtlh the further advantage of
hav'.nc strrer cars to all points of iaterest
p.j.-s tho rntrar.ee.
American plan. European plan.
ORAIND HOTEL
ADVERTISS6IZNTS.