DEMOCRATIC PLANES.
at Kansas City.
Sixteen to One Ratio to Be EeaSrmed
DETROIT. Mich.. June lS.-Dar.feI J.
Campau. the Michigan member of th->
Democratic National Committee, who -e
turc:ed to-day from Kansas City, where
he has been in conference wi:h oth»r
members of the sub-committee on ar
rangements, said in the course of. an in
terview th!s afternoon:
"The Kansas City convention w!I! dr
clare for bimetallism, with the silver coin
ape ratio to be fixed at 15 to 1. and we
shall oppose the issuing of paper money
by banks. We will point out a policy for
handling the Philippine.*, which will b"
absolutely opposed to the present policy
of the Republicans. We shall strongly
declare for the establishment of an In
dependent government for those Island*,
giving the people their rijcht to govern
themselves and have the Government of
the United States say to all other nation*.
'Keep your hands off these islands an-J
this people.'
"As to the Vice Presidency Democra'ii
sentiment does not seem to have crystal
lised on any particular candidate as yet."
REPUBLICAN STANDARD-BEARERS FOR 1QOO.
had practically been abandoned
last night.
The change in the situation
was telephoned to Bingham, and
Secretary Long returned the dig
nified reply that he was content
to leave the whole matter in the
hands of the Massachusetts dele
gation to do what they saw fit.
Just what the delegation will do
is to be determined upon to-mor
row. *
Governor Roosevelt, after con
ferences late into the night and
all during the day, finally went
the limit and this afternoon gave
out his statement. . It does not
materially affect the situation,
however, and it would not be sur
prising if he were forced to take
the nomination.
Governor Roosevelt's state
ment was taken into Senator
Hanna's room before he gave it
out to the newspapers and was
there read. There were present
besides Senator Hanna, Corne
lius N. Bliss of New York, Sena
tor Fairbanks of Indiana, Henry
C. Payne of Wisconsin and sev
eral others of the prominent
members of the Republican Na
tional Committee. It was then
that Senator Hanna gave' out the
word that Long was the man the
administration wanted.
The Connecticut delegation,
which had been counted upon to
PROSPERITY THE KEYNOTE
OF THE PLATFORM.
. ?
PHILADELPHIA, June - 18. — Considerable opposition is developing to some of tbe planks of the adminis
tration draft of the platform brought to Philadelphia * by Postmaster General Charles Emory Smith. v It
is probable that thisdraft will be indorsed in the main by.the committee on resolutions and the convention,
though there will be a lively fight in the committee over several planks, and as is the case at every con
vention, the committee will' be besieged by advocates of 'crank declarations of all kinds.
Prosperity will be the keynote of the platform. The revival of business and general improvement in ; the
condition of the country will be attributed to the restoration of confidence following the. election of McKinley
and to the fulfillment of the pledges of the'platform of 1896 by the enactment of the Dingley tariff law. and the
gold standard financial law. There will be no difference of opinion in the committee or in the convention as to
the emphatic indorsement of both* of these, laws. The' party will be put squarely on record by an indorsement of
the single gold standard as established by the new law.
join with the rest of the New
England delegates in solidly sup
porting Long, determined in cau
cus not to do so. Their first
choice for Vice President is
Roosevelt, despite his letter of
Another State that will vote
for Roosevelt early in the roll
call, if there. is a roll call, is Colo
rado. Senator Wolcott of that
State, who is to be temporary
chairman of the convention, said
to-day when told that Mr. Hanna
had declared himself in favor of
Long that Colorado would vote
for Roosevelt and nobody could
stop it.
A very curious turn in the
sentiment here has. been that
some of Roosevelt's friends who
were doing^the best they could to
find some way for him to avoid
taking the nomination are now
shouting: that he certainly will be
nominated whether he wants it or
not, and that Mr. Hanna has not
the power to stop the conven
tion. • In brief, the question to
night is will the arch conspira
tors, Quay and Platt, be able to
defeat Hanna?
They are more than ever situ
ated to sympathize with each
other and to need each the as
sistance of the other. Platt, as ; a
boss whose power is threatened
by a rather mugwumpishly in
clined Governor, who is a hero
among other things, feels the ne
cessity of getting a fresh grip
on., the national administration
if "his power is to be preserved.
Quay, now in the category of ex-
bosses with only hold-over ma
chine power, is seeking rehabili
tation. >: "*iy,,
It appears that a majority of
California's delegation are in fa
vor of some Western man for
Vice President, but they will un
doubtedly vote for the adminis
tration's choice.
. \
CHANLEK MENTIONED.
Wew Yorker Proposed for the Demo
cratic Vice" Presideency.
INDIANAPOLIS. June 18.-John W.
Kern, Democratic candidate for Governor,
was asked to-night whom the Democrats
would nominate for Vice President at
Kansas City and replied:
"I do know it will be a Democrat, and
not Towne. I have heard a number of
persons mentioned, but of all I have heard
Bpoken of my choice at present would be
William Astor Chanler of New York. He
is .very popular and was elected to Con
gress I from a district that was 10,000 Re
publican. He has a clean record, he raised
and equipped a regiment In the last war.
he has the means, he Is popular and he
would add great strength to the ticket. I
do not believe any man will be nominated !
whw has* occupied such an advanced post,
tlon on silver of A. J. Warner of "Ohio." i
DOLLIVER MEN
WORKING HARD
They Seem to have H°ps
of Yet Defeating
Roosevelt.
PHILADELPHIA, June 18.
— The Dolliver men to
night are working with des
perate activity. While the Roose
velt boom is in the drydock, they
are trying to get far out to sea.
They have organized into com
mittees and are visiting all State
headquarters. They want the
support of everybody, and are
working intelligently. Hanna's
friends are also at work, and
Long's candidacy is really show
ing signs of life.
But is Roosevelt really out of
it? This is the question even
one is asking. Quay says no. He
declared to-night that the Gov
ernor's statement made no differ
ence. "The convention knows
that he did not want it," he said.
"It also knows he was too good
a soldier to decline. Pennsylva
nia will; stay by Roosevelt until
The nomination of Mr. Odell
is likely to , be combated by
Hanna, who. defeated in his de
sire to get Bliss, is now turning
to Long and who, failing to get
Long, will take even Dolliver.
BY MURAT HALSTEAD
Special CorrespondeQt
of Tbe Cali.
PHILADELPHIA. June
i8.__The Vice Presiden
tial situation to-night is in
as great a doubt as ever by rea
son of Governor Roosevelt's let
ter declining the nomination. His
lack of characteristic vigor, how
ever, still creates the belief in the
minds of his admirers that he
night be prevailed upon to ac
cept the nomination if the con
vention should nominate him. If
he persists in his refusal the nom
ination will go to either Secre
tary Long or Dolliver of Iowa.
The administration has resolved
to put forth its own candidate to
defeat Roosevelt, and no secret
is longer made of the fact that
Secretary Long is the adminis
tration's favorite. This has been
suspected from the start, but
Senator Hanna did not wish to
be placed in the attitude of in
fluencing \he selection of Presi
dent McKinley's running mate.
The Massachusetts men say that
had this choice of the adminis
tration been announced sooner,
Mr. Long might have been nom
inated by acclamation, but that
now there is danger the conven
tion may yet be stampeded to
Roosevelt, despite his letter of
declination. The question is
whether Hanna's announcement
docs not come too late.
The chairman of the Massa
chusetts delegation says if the ad
ministration had come here with
a candidate he would have been
taken without a doubt, but while
the Massachusetts delegation be
lieved that McKinley's choice
was Long, the Iowa men be
lieved just as confidently and on
as good authority that it was
Dolliver. But there was no au
thoritative statement for either
of these men, so the wire pulling
began. Hanna' s hand was
forced, and Roosevelt, who is im
mensely popular with the dele
gates, was picked out as the man
whom it was "good politics" to
nominate;
Of course the announcement
that Senator Hanna had passed
the word along that he wanted
Secretary Long nominated for
Vice President was hailed by
Long's sincere friends with de
light, as they saw in Hanna a
powerful ally. The result was a
stiffening of the Long forces and
the decision to continue the fight
and take his name into the
convention, which latter course
Letter of the Popular
Rough Rider Declining
the Nomination for the
Vice Presidencu Lacks
HisCharacteristicVigor,
and Leads His Admirers
to Believe He Will
Accept.
It Yet Seems Certain,
However, That the
Convention Will Be
Stampeded to New
York's Chief Exec
utive.
NEW YORK, June 18.— A
World special from Phila
delphia says: Governor
Roosevelt saw and talked with no
less than 400 men to-day. Here
are a few things he said:
'"San Juan was a hard proposi
tion, but this beats it."
. "I want to do what is right by
the -Republican party, bntl hon
estly believe my path of duty lies
in New York State." "
"I want to be Governor of New
York another term, and I don't
want to be nominated for Vice
President. But' the delegates are
forcing me and it is very difficult
to decline."
"If I refuse the nomination
they will say 'Roosevelt has the
big head and thinks he is too
much of a man to be Vice Presi
dent/ I cannot allow myself to
be placed in that position, for I
have not the big head, and I ap
preciate the office of Vice Presi
dent at its true value."
"I have never asserted that I
would decline the nomination."
"I never cross a bridge till I
get to it. but it looks to. me as
though I was approaching a
bridge."
"Xo man is big enough to re
fuse the demand of his party/*
"If the convention sponta
neously nominates me I do not
see how I can refuse."
"I believe all men who know
me will accept my statement that
I don't seek the nomination for
Vice President."
"It's hard for a man to resist
such appeals as I have heard, but
I think I am doing right."
After his talk with Hann.i he
"I am madder than I ever was
in my life, and I have about made
up my mind to issue a statement
that I will take the nomination
and that I will be a candidate for
the place."
After an Interview With
Hanna He Is Veru An
aru and About Readu
to Issue a Statement
That Ha Will AcceDt
the Vice -Presidential
Nomination.
"Teddyg" Sees and
Talks With Four
Hundred Men Dur
ing the Dag Before
the Opening of the
Convention.
ADMINISTRATION TO PUT FORTH ITS
OWN CANDIDATE TO DEFEAT ROOSEVELT
VOLUME LXXXYIII-XO. \-~.T?
SAX FRAXCISCO, TUESDAY, JTTXE 19, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
said:
The San Francisco Call.Sitting near him as he spoke were Con
gressmen Littauer and Sherman of New
York and Professor Jenks of Columbia
College, who have all along urged the
Governor not to accept. Just behind the
row of newspaper men stood Frank Platt,
Lemuel E. Quigg and B. B. Odell of the
New York organization. As the Governor
read and waited for the newspaper men
to write down the statement h« frequently
glanced In the direction of the group of
The document was In his own handwrit
ing- In lead pencil copy, and he read It
with the same complaisance that he would
given a platform speech. The scene bor
dered on the dramatic.
SENATOR TELLER OF COLO
RADO IS AiiONG THE MISS
ING.
delegates who have wished me to take
this nomination. Moreover. It is not nec
essary to say how thoroughly I under
stand ths high honor and the dignity of
the office, an office so high and so hon
orable that it is well worth the ambition
of any man in the United States. But,
while I appreciate all this to the full ex
tent, nevertheless I fe?l most deeply that
the field of my best usefulness to the pub
lic and to the party is In New York State,
and if the party should see fit to nominate
me for Governor I can in that position
help the national ticket as in no other
way. I very earnestly ask that every
friend of mine In the convention respect
my wishes and my Judgment in this mat
ter."
Delegates Who Will- Have a Voice in the Nomination of McKinley.
Oregon-Henry E. Ankeny.
Utah— Thomas Kearns.
Arizona— John Dorrlngton.
Washington— Lev! Ankeny.
COMMITTEE ON CREDENTIALS.
California— Ge6rge W. Reed. :
Idaho— J. F. Ailshire.
Montana— John F. Forbes.
Oregon— Wallace McCammant.
Utah— Arthur B. Brown.
Washington— Dr. L. M. Sims.
Arizona— Frank Dysart.
RULES AND ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Idaho — J. L. L. Ormsbie.
Montana— Tyler Wooden.
Oregon— Rufus S. Moore.
Utah— George M. Hanson,
Washington— Herbert S. Conner.
Arizona— J. A. Vail.
TO NOTIFY NOMINEE FOR PRESI
DENT.
California— William Garland.
Idaho— W. B. Heyburn.
Montana— David E. Folsom.
Oregon — Malcolm A. Moody.
Utah— Heber N. Wells.
Washlntcton-F. J. Hayfleld.
Arizona— J. L. Hubbell.
PERMANENT ORGANIZATION.
Idaho— F. R. Gooding.
Montana— C. W. Goodah.
Arizona — C. H. Akers.
NATIONAL COMMITTEE MEMBERS.
California— W. C. Van Fleet
Idaho — George L. Shoup.
Montana— William H. Dewitt.
Oregon— George A. Steel.
Washington— George H. Baker.
Wyoming— Willis Vandevanter.
Arizona— William Griffith. «
COMMITTEE ON RESOLUTIONS.
California— Chester A. Rowell.
Idaho — W. B. Heybern.
Montana— Thomas H. Carter. J
Oregon— John D. Daly.
Utah— George Sutherland.
Washington— J. M. Ashton.
PHILADELPHIA, June 13.— Many of
the State delegations held .meetings to
day for the purpose of organizing and
selecting members of the working com
mittees of the convention, national com
mltteemen and members of the notifica
tion committees. Quite a number of the
delegations, however, will not get together
until to-morrow morning, owing to the
absence of some of their numbers.
The following is a list of the various
commlueemen so far chosen by the dele
gations from Western States:
CHAIRMEN OF DELEGATIONS.
California— George A. Knight.
Idaho— Frank R, Goodlng.
Montana— Thomas H. Carter.
Oregon— Wallace McCammant.
Utah— Heber N. Wells.
. Washington— Ei. . C. Neuf elder.
Wyoming— G. E. W'arren. .-. ,>
Arizona— C. H. Akers.
Hawaii— Samuel Parker.
Business Meetings He'd by
Many of the State
Delegations
ORGANIZING FOR
CONVENTION WORK
And so the stampede for Roosevelt was
checked and turned .and that which
seemed so certain last night seems well
nigh impossible to-night. Roosevelt him
self; his close personal friends working
among delegates and assuring them that
the nomination was not desired by him;
Senator Hanna and his lieutenants, alt
working together, are responsible for this
result. It has been a day of hard work,
of earnest endeavor and to-night the mpn
most interested believe that the Roose
velt boom has finally been laid to rest.
The- answer was generally "John D.
Long of Massachusetts, Secretary of the
Navy." At once delegates began to rea
son that Long must be perfectly satis
tactory to the administration of which he
is part or he would not be a candidate
for the. plaoe. This, idea received en
couragement in quarters which made the
Massachusetts man a prime favorite. Of
course there was talk of other men. The
friends of Doillver renewed their efforts
for "the young Iowa orator. . There was
some talk about Fairbanks, but the pre
vailing feeling was that only men who
were willing to accept the place should
be considered. It was urged that an un
willing candidate was not advisable, and,
therefore, the men most talked of were
Long and Dolliver, but with the general
impression that Long would be the ultir
mate selection.
Rf fight and a signal to the friends of the
administration that opposition to forcing
Roosevelt upon the ticket against his will
would meet 'with favor. This tip did not
circulate until quite late in the evening,
but the effect was soon apparent. There
were many real friends of Roosevelt who
accepted his declaration as absolutely
voicing his .wish. It changed the current
of talk and men who were confident twen
ty-four hours ago that Roosevelt's nom
ination was a foregone conclusion begjn
asking:
"Weir, who will it be?'"' .
TO NOTIFY NOMINEE FOR VICE
PRESIDENT.
Idaho — George L. Short.
Montana— David E. Folsorn.
Oregon— Thomas McEwen.
Utah— C. E. Loose. .,.->
Arizona— Charles R. Drake.
Mc^lNLEY HEARS
CONVENTION NEWS
ccretary Root Reports the
ProgVess of the Roose
velt Boom.
Special rMsuatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June" 18.— The Presi
dent- was so occupied with the Chinese
question to-day that he was obliged to
deny himself to callers, but he relaxed
sufficiently to review two local political
organizations, composed of colored men,
arrayed In i..elr campaign uniforms.
These rival organizations were headed by
their respective leaders — Colonel Perry
Carson, veteran whitewashes former
member of the National Committee from
the District of Columbia, and William
Calvin Chase, editor of a negro paper,
who after many years of persistent strug
gle has linally been elected a convention
delegate. These organizations, before
taking train for Philadelphia, were re
viewed by the President from the front
steps of the White House portico.
Secretary Root, who had Just returned
from, a secret mission to Philadelphia,
reached the executive mansion * shortly
after noon and. remained with "the Presi
dent until after 3 o'clock. They discussed
the Roosevelt stampede and kindred ques
tions bearing upon the convention. Sec
retary Root positively declined to impart
to outsiders any information bearing upon
his trip to Philadelphia or his conference
with the President. It was subsequently
ascertained that Secretary Root explained
to the President that the promotion of
the Roosevelt boom in opposition to the
administration desire to have former Sec
retary Bliss on the ticket arises from
Republicans marched through the streets
amid great enthusiasm.
The crowds overflowed the sidewalks
till the procession seemed to fx>rce its way
through the packed mass of humanity*
as a strong vessel plows her course up
stream through packed ice in winter.
Although the work of the convention
could be compassed within two days the
National Committee has arranged a
three days' programme, with one session
of the convention each day. The nights
will be filled in with receptions, smokers,
entertainments at the clubs. and open-air
meetings.
To-morrow the sessions of the convention
! probably will be brief. It will be called
to order by Chairman Hanna, and Sena
tor Wolcott. the brilliant Colorado orator,
as temporary chairman, will "deliver his
! keynote address. A call of the roll and
j the announcement of the standing com
' mittees, -with the perfection of the per
! manent organization, will wind up the
! proceedings of the day.
«
ROOSEVELT MAKES
ONE LAST 0PPEAL
flgain Protests Against Be-
ir>g Nominated For
Vice President.
PHILADELPHIA. June 18.-Governor
Theodore Roosevelt has made as specillo
refusal of the nomination for Vice i'risi
dt:u as he could possibly make in view or
the fact that the nominating convention
has not as yet met and that few of the
delegations have caucused. Standing In
a small room, facing a crowd of newspa
per men this afternoon, he made the fol
lowing statement, reading it from a
couple of sheets of manuscript:
"In view of the revival of the talk of
myself as a Vice Presidential candidate,
I have this to say:
"It is impossible to express how deeply
touched I am by the attitude of those
The nomination for Vice President Is
three days away. Much can be accom
plished In that time by shrewd, hard
headed political leaders. The delegates
are all desirous of carrying out the Presi
dent's wishes, and if the intimation once
became the conviction that McKlnley
himself would prefer another candidate
th« popular choice would be abandoned.
Mr. Platt very shrewdly decided that the
New York delegation should not formally
Indorse Roose\-elt_ It is said that Roose
velt insisted upon this. Then If he were
nominated it would be said that the nomi
nation was forced on him. Rut while the
New York delegation refrained from In
dorsing Roosevelt, Platt Is said to have
passed the word to Quay and the Pennsyl
vania delegation to continue to fan the
flames.
All day the delegates and the crowds
wer« abandoning themselves to the joys
of the hour. From dawn untii midnight
th« air never ceased to throb to the pulsa
tions of the music, and the streets con
stantly echoed the steady tramp of feet as
-famous marching- clubs paraded with fly
ing banners. To-night the throngs were
enthusiastic with delight As a prelude
to the events, with the flash. and scream
of rockets and the . glare -of ' Greek flre.
turning night Into day, 30,000 organized
Much May Happen In Thre« Days.
Of course, there are those who are al
ways uncharitable enough to attribute
finister motives to Platt. They Intimated
that he desired to kill two birds with one
stone— eliminate Roosevelt from New
York politics and humiliate Hanna for
his uncomplimentary criticism of Wood
ruff. Gossip among New Yorkers even
went so far as to suggest that with
Roosevelt transferred to the national
ticket Woodruff was already agreed upon
as the candidate for Governor of New
York. Roosevelt had also other advisors,
who Insisted that it would be suicide to
decline the nomination. All day long
Hanna's efforts have been directed to the
rebuilding of the booms wrecked yester
day In the Roosevelt tornado. All the fa
vorite sons have been encouraged to re
main in the race, and not without some
success.
Many Stories Are Afloat.
Evrry sort of story was afloat. It was
paid that Hanna served notice that Roose
velt's candidacy, although It would have
been eminently acceptable at first, put
forward as it was by the enemies of the
administration, did not meet now with ap
proval, and thjLt the fight would be car
ried to the last ditch. Roosevelt was Baid
to have been told by his friends that to
yield would be to stand in his own light
as a candidate for President four years
hence; that the Vice Presidency was a
graveyard, from which he could never be
resurrected. His place, they urged, was
at the head of the ticket in New York
again this fall. In the last proposition
Roosevelt concurred. On the orher hand.
It was said Piatfs emissaries argued that
to turn his back on the manifest wish of
the Republicans of the country would be
to forfeit his right to the future support
of the New York organization and the Re
publicans of the State might look else
where for a candidate for Governor.
Human naiure has its limits, so at 4
o'clock this afternoon, after a day of ter
rific pressure from both sides, Roosevelt
issued a statement. Though ft thrust
aside the crown In words it was regarded
as a virtual surrender to the will of the
convention. The inside history of the
Ftrug-gle which preceded Roosevelt's an
nouncement, the st-cret conference of
Hanna and his friends, the joint confer
ences with Roosevelt, the persuasion, ap
peals, entrr-aties and even threats that
•were said to have been used will make a
chapter forever memorable.
The Governor himself was sincerely
anxious to avoid the nomination. Some
of the friends of other candidates, em
bittered by the havoc his sudden accept
ance created with their favorites' chances,
were heard to intimate that he had been
fining with the situation from the first.
He appealed to them to stem the tide and
they did what they could, reinforced at
every point by Hanna and his lieutenants.
General Greene in his behalf even called
upon delegations and In his r.ame asked
them not to support him. But the tem
per of the convention was undeniable.
Anxious to Avoid Nomination.
S-weeps I/ike a Prairie Fire.
But that outburst of enthusiasm will be
only the forerunner of the pandemonium
that will reign If Roosevelt should be
name-d to stand beside him In the coming
battle. The stampede in his favor started
yesterday and threw the town into deUr
lum. It swept through the delegations
like a prairie flre. Like an Immense tidal
wave, it 'bore down everything before it.
The booms for other men collapsed like
shells when it struck them. The secret
was not hard to fir.d. Platt and Quay,
whose object was to humiliate Hanna.
claim victory- They might congratulate
themselves that it was their work. But
they wielded no magician's war.d. The
secret lay down In the hearts of the Ke
publicar.s of the country. Roosevelt"*
came, unlike that of other candidates. In
stantly struck a responsive chord In the
popular breast. It captured the heart of
the convention. It mattered nothing to
the rank and file that Hanna and Allison
and Grosvenor and Thurston and others
felt chagrined and strained every nerve
to stamp out the fire. It mattered not
that even Roosevelt and his friends
poured water upon it. Their efforts were
as futile as hand grenades against a con
flagration. The people would hear of no
one else. They wore his pictures; they
ehcuted his name. They considered him
to-day as already nominated. The town
was Roosevelt mad.
PHILADELPHIA. June lS.-To-mor
row on the forty-fourth annivers
ary of the day on which General
John C. Fremont was nominated by
the first Republican convention,
held at Music Fund Hall on Locust street
in this city, the National Republican Con
vention will assemble at the Exposition
lmildir.g in West Philadelphia. Here.
amid the swelling memories of half a cen
tury ajid in the presence of men who saw
the blood-stained clouds I'e across the
Funrise of the party, the Republicans will
meet in the high tide of their glory to
name their national iranCitlates and enun
ciate the platform for the coming cam
paign.
The cymbals of a conquering army never
clashed with more vigor than they do hero
to-night. Amid the thousands of war
riors there Is but one choice for leader.
His face Is engraved upon banners and
buttons; it is framed in flowers and in
ivy on the walls; it adorns the windows
of the shops and looks down upon the
Fwannir.g crowds from every conspicuous
I'lace. McKlr.ley again will lead the sxay
5-eards and the young men in the Novem
ber battle. Banners are dipped before his
portrait and the mention of his name
arouses enthusiasm. When Senator Fora
ker concludes his peroration in the con
vention on Wednesday a storm, wild and
tempestuous, will shake the great halL
under the existing "conditions the nomina
tion of Roosevelt was not fair to the men
who had come out for the place and who
should have an equal show before the
convention.
This plain talk from Senator Hanna
cleared up what had been in doubt all
day. It was evident that Hanna was not
going: to He down. It was a distinct show
As the Ohio Senator rehearsed the con
ditions he warmed up and pointed out that
"And 1 don't mean by that," he said,
rather aggressively, "the Pennsylvania
delegation or those who for ulterior mo
tives are pressing the Governor's'nomina
tion."
Then Mr. Quigg and Frank * Platt
simultaneously .- declared that they be
lieved the statement unwise and they
left the room, refusing to talk to the wait
ing newspaper men. The statement acted
aa a cold water douche on those members
of the New York delegation who had
planned to nominate some other candidate
for Governor than Mr. Roosevelt. How
ever, tie statement was received by many
of the delegations as a mere reiteration
of Roosevelt's'original declaration of lack
of desire f«5r the nomination. ¦ Several
delegates expressed the opinion that the
situation would not change and that If
Roosevelt's name were presented to the
convention he would be nominated and
would not dare to refuse.
It is pointed out as significant that Gov
ernor Roosevelt will not assert that he
will declire the office If nominated. He
hopes, however, with the aid of Senator
Hanna, to defeat the plan to nominate
him.
Senator Lodge contradicts the current
report concerning his, utterances at tne
conference in Governor Roosevelt's rooms
to-day in which he participated with the
Governor and Senator Hanna. He says
• that he went to Governor Roosevelt's
room as a supporter of Secretary Long
and that the Governor knew his position.
"I have been a personal friend of Gov
ernor Roosevelt for many years," he said,
"and as his friend. It would be tmpossi
'ble for me to take the position there at
tributed to me. or use the language placed
in my mouth. He does not want the office
and there Is no reason why it should be
forced upon him. He knows how I feel
and he knows that I am for Long, first,
last and all the time. The whole story is
a tissue of Invention."
It has been a day of conferences on
the Vice Presidential situation. Beginning
with a gathering In the room of Governor
Roosevelt, attended by Senator Hanna,
Senator Lodge and Mr. Odell of New
York, It was continued In the rooms of
Senator Hanna later when nearly all the
leaders In the city were from time to time
in conference with the chairman of the
national committee. There were Senators
Allison, Scott, Elklns, Carter. Lodge, Bur
rows and Shoup, Mr. -Bliss and many rep
resentatives of the New York leaders,
both Governor Roosevelt and Senator
Platt being represented. When the last
man* had disappeared Senator Hanna
looked weary but satisfied. He was ready
to annbunce that Governor Roosevelt
would not be nominated, that the men
who were goin"- to make the nomination
would accept the declaration of Roose
velt, made during the day and supple
mental of more emphatic declarations
made some time ago as final and would
not force the nomination upon him.
Among the last men to see 'Senator
Hanna were Chairman Odell of the New
York committee and L. E. Quigg, who
discussed the situation at great length.
It was with these men j that Senator
Hanna labored. He told them that six
months ago Roosevelt was wanted as a
Vice Presidential candidate. He and
other warm friends of the administration
believed that Roosevelt would be a satis
factory candidate. The bare suggestion
brought o.ut a protest from Roosevelt, a
declaration in emphatic terms that ho
would not accept the place. After this
declaration had been reiterated several
times it was taken up by Senator Platt,
who publicly announced that Governor
Roosevelt was not to be considered as a
Vice Presidential candidate. Then other
candidates appeared and- In a dignified
manner their interests were put forward
by their friends throughout the country.
The only man appearing in New York
was Lieutenant Governor Woodruff. Tha
suggestion of ex-Secretary Bliss brought
forth a declination from him, coupled
later with a statement from Mr. Hanna
himself that Bliss could not be considered
for personal . reasons, He then pointed
out that after the delegates began arriv
ing the name of Roosevelt was suddenly
sprung with an effort to stampede the
convention and force a nomination upon
a man who did not want It," apparently
because some other candidate was desired
for Governor.
politicians. When he finished he said:
"Gentlemen, that is all. I have nothing
more to say."
Mr. t Littauer said he thought the state
ment timelv and believed that It would
give the delegates who were friendly to
Governor Roosevelt an idea of the situa
tion.
Stampede Started in Favor of Roosevelt Throws
. Philadelphia Into Delirium, and Platt and
Quay, Whose Object V^/as to Humiliate
ignorant of the result and the* greatest
satisfaction I* evinced.
The officials of the Foreign Office say
no word has been received from the Brit
ish Minister at Peking. Sir Claude M.
Macdonald, since June 12. and the Gov
ernment is ignorant as to whether the
legations at the Chinese capital have been
raptured or not. The admirals on the spot
are relied on to overcome all difficulties.
Admiral Seymour, the Erltish commander,
not being hampered by orders and any
requests whh:h he may make will bo
promptly met.
NO INFORMATION
REGARDING PEKING
BERLIN. June IS.— The German For
eign Office has received no telegraphic
communication from Peking for several
days, either by way of Russia or any
other route. This applies also to all the
powers. To-day Germany haJ telegraphic
communication with Chefoo and Shang
hai, but was unable to get connections
with Tientsin and Taku.
Reports regarding the burning of the le
gatiors and the murder of the German
Minister, Baron von Ketteler, have not
been confirmed, although the Foreign.
Office has tried every possible way of get
ting something definite^
"Nevertheless," said a Foreign Office
official, who gave this information, "our
sources of news are so few that It 13
quite possible the reports arc true."
The same official made the following
statement with reference to the relation
of the powers: "No precise agreement
has yet been reached between the pow
ers Interested in China regarding their
joint action there. Its scope, the propor
tional strength of the forces, or part to bo
assigned to each."
The press takes a very serious view of
the situation, the apprehension for tho
safety of foreign officers being combineU
with anxiety respecting international en
tente.
•The transport ship which arrived Sat
urday at Tsingtau with 1S0O soldier? for
the relief of the Kiaochau garrison pro
ceeded yesterday for Taku with thuao
troops.
FRENCH CITIZENS
KEPT FROM LEAVING
PARIS. June 19.— The French Consul
General in South China, who was in
structed to send Into Tonquln all tho
French citizens at Yunnan-Sen, cabled
from the latter place, under date of
Thursday, June 14. that he had been pre
vented from leaving with his compan
ions by the Viceroy and that his hou^&
and all the missions have been burned,
lie adds that everything. Including their
clothes, has been stolen and that they ar»
practically prisoners.
The foregoing is the situation referred
to by the French Minister of Foreign Af
fairs. 2d. Delcasse. in his speech of Juna
U.
BACK AT TIENTSIN.
LONDON. June IS.— Tha Admiralty
office has received the following dispatch
from Chefoo under to-day's date: 'The
Japanese man-of-war Teyashi has Just ar
rived from Taku. She reports that the
conimander-in-chief and troops are back
at Tientsin."
RUSSIA DEMANDS INDEMNITY.
LONDON. June IS. — A dispatch from,
Shanghai says Russia has demanded fifty
million taels indemnity for the damaga
done the Chinese n\ilroad3 in which Rus
sians are Interested.
ORDERED TO HONGKONG.
SIMLA. June IS.— In consequence of the
gravity of the. Gdtiaese situation the Sev
enth Bengal Infantry has been ordered,
to proceed to Hongkong.
convinced in his awn mind that an effort
was being made to prevent his onward
march to political advancement.
ONE HUNDRED
CLUBS IN LINE
Monster.Procession Threads
j^rje Conventior> City's
Streets.
.PHILADELPHIA. June IS.— Five miles
of clubs, mounted, on foot, by coach,
floats and In carriages, interspersed with
music, red fire and cakewaik. Is the short
est way of describing the turnout of po
litical clubs to-night. The police had pre
pared for the demonstration by roping
Broad street early In the afternoon. It
was a wise forethought, for before dusk
Philadelphia's appropriately named thor
oughfare was a mass of humanity, and
It has been many years since the police
of Philadelphia have >een called upon
to handle such banks of humanity as lined
the route of the parade. Visitors from
cities where the police have great crowds
to handle were profuse in praise of Phila
delphia's police to-night.
An amusing feature of the parade — and.
by the way, an Innovation— was an Inter
larded Cakewalk in the column. The char
acters were -.colored men, women and
children attired in costume made more
attractive by the torches of red tire.
In the prearrangement of to-night's pa
radeAit had been decided in spite of an
expressed sentiment by many of the clubs
to permit nothing In the line antagonistic
to the civil service. There were, how
ever, two violations of the order. On one
transparency mounted on wagons was
this motto, "The Civil Service law dis
qualifies all over the age of 45." On an
other, carried by a club on foot, was this,
"We are opposed to the Civil Service
law because it is unamerican."
The only demonstration in the line in
behalf of Vice Presidential candidates was
displayed by one club of twenty stream
ers, on which "Dolliver" was painted in
big letters.
The parade was divided into eight di
visions, in which were more than eighty
local clubs and about twenty visiting po
litical organizations. The out-of-town
clubs were scattered through eight sec
tions and escorted by the clubs which
had been assigned to entertain visiting
clubmen. Conspicuous In line were the
famous Cook County Republican March
ing Club of Chicago, the Young Men's
Republican Tariff Club of Pittsbiirg. the
Young Men's Elaine Club of Cincinnati,
the Hamilton Club of Chicago, the "Mc-
Kinley Neighbors" from Canton, Ohio;
the Blalne Invincibles of Washington, the
J. Edward Addicks Club of Wilmington.
Del., and. the well-known Tippecanoe Club
of Cleveland. Ohio.
In the eighth division was the Colorado-
Philadelphia Club of Denver, headed by
the George W. Cook Zouave Fife and
Drum Corps, also of Denver.
Bryan Emulates Orover.
MINOCQUA. Wls.. June IS.— Colonel
William J. Bryan and party spent the
morning on Kawagusaga Lake fishing
William J. Bryan Jr. proved to be the
champion fisherman, and if It had not
been for his skill the party would have
returned with very few fish. Charles A.
Towne left for his home at Duluth to-day
Railroads will run excursions for to-mor
row night's meeting, at which Mr. Bryan
will speak.
Chicago Headquarters Opened.
CHICAGO. June IS. -The National Re
publican Congressional Committee opened
headquarters at the Auditorium Hotel to
day. Congressman Babcock of Wlsfconsin
chairman of the committee, la here In
Representatives J. S. Sherman
nnrt" t 7°^ k# w e^? e ?verstreet of Indiana
and J. A. T. Hull of Iowa will Join him
Representative H. C. Lourtenslager of
£ew Jersey will remain at Washington aa
head of the press committee. 6
Appeal From "Women.
NEW YORK, June 18.-Mrs. Llllle Deve
reaux Blake and other mlmbers of the
National Legislative League left for Phil
adelphia to-day to" ask the committee on
?~ M ° f , the- RepubHca™ Nationa"
Committee to insert the following plank:
•f^i'i^i^f V, We , faVor the establishment
or such legal right* for all women citizens aa
"««"iit BeCU /*, V them throughout the nati"
«rtv inV,* C V Um ' ta . thelr chl 'dren. their prop
erty ana their earnings.
LONDON GETS NEWS
FROM WASHINGTON
LONDON, June lS.-The dispatch of the
Associated Press from Admiral Kempff.
dated Washington, containing the admir
al s report of the engagement at Taku,
was the first news Lord Salisbury re
ed > tne ca Pture of the Taku forts,
me British Government was aware that
an engagement was proceeding, but It was
Death of a Stanford Student.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO, June IS.— Miss Helen D.
Munday, a member of the Junior class at
Stanford University, died last ni^ht at her
her home in Las Angeles of typhoid fever.
Miss Munday was a member of the Delta
Gamma Society and very popular in uni
versity circles.
Killed by a Trap Gun.
Brakeman Killed.
CANAL DOVER, O., June 13.— PnMp
Sprotzenbach, a farmer living near here,
set a trap with a heavily loaded shotgun
to catch the robbers who had been visit
ing his chicken house. This morning tn«
body of Elmer Eckert, aged 30 years or
this city, was found at the coop with ma
head blown off.
REDDING. June 1S.-J. C. Fardee. a
Southern Pacific brakeman, v.as killed
near Dunsmulr last night. The freight
train started north at midnight. Pardee
•was not missed until Mott was reached.
His body was found near Dunsmuir. Me
leaves a family in Ashland, Or.
NATIONAL REPUBLICAN CONVENTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO XjAIjIj, X U JK1S1JA *", J&""LKN-ifl 13, imM^
SENATOR SPOONER OP WIS
CONSIN STANDS IN WITH
THE ADMINISTRATION.
these two causes: Bliss Is unpopular with
the Republican organization in New
York. Senator Platt and those associated
with him In the management of the Re
publican party in the Empire State are
anxious to keep Governor Roosevelt from
presiding over the destinies of the State
Albany for a second term.
• In spite of direct and implied denials,
it is known that Senator Platt has never
wavered in his belief that .Governor
Roosevelt might be induced to accept the
Vice Presidential nomination under cej,
tain conditions. Senator Platt and hla
associates have been called upon to in
voke all political skill and statecraft,
even to the verge of duplicity, to culti
vate Governor Roosevelt up to the stage
where he might be regarded as being in
a receptive attitude. Every method
known to political conniving- is said to
have been resorted to to impress Gov
ernor Roosevelt with the idea that not
only Senator Hanna and other friends ot
the administration antagonized his going
upon the ticket with McKlnlegr, but, by
careful and adroit use of language, per
sons inspired by Senator Platt havo en.
deavored to make it appear that even the
senior Senator from New York and the
regular organization was at work to pre
vent his nomination. Any one who is fa
miliar with the Governor's love of a con
test can fully appreciate what effect such
a combination might have upon him if
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
sinrSeyTlnsure Good Heal,
Mr. John H. Corlies, secretary of the Council Bluffs. la.. Athletic Association,
was cured of kidney trouble by Peruna. He says:
"I am a firm believer in Peruna: For three years I suffered with severe
trouble of the kidneys and other pelvic organs, trying several remedies
without relief. I used Paruna faithfully for fourteen weeks and am glad to
say it relieved me entirely of all pains. '
" I am in excellent health, have gained twelve pounds in weight, and
never felt better in my life."
Hon. D. L. Jaycox, chaplain of the Grand Army of the Republic, writes from
8C5 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.:
" I am an old war vataran. I contracted severe bladder and kidney
trouble, spent hundreds of dollars and consulted a host of doctors, but
neither did me any good. .
" Finally some of my comrades who had been cured by Peruna advised
me to try it. I at once bought a bottle and found it helped ma so much*
that I kept on using it for nearly four months.
" Peruna has proven the best medicine I ever used, my pains are gone,
and I believe myself to be cured. I feel well and would not be without a
bottle in time of need for ten times its cost."
The kidneys are tho natural gateway
out of which much of the waste tissue
finds its escape. This waste matter be-
comes a very poisonous substance if al-
lowed to accumulate. The renal artery
brings the blood charged with Impurities
to the kidneys.
If the kidneys are healthy they will
excrete the poison from the blood. The
renal veins return the purified blood from
the kidneys to the general circulation.
Peruna stimulates the kidneys to excrete
from the blood tho accumulating poison
and thus prevents the convulsions which
are sure to follow If the poisons are al-
lowed to remain. It gives great vigor to
the heart's action and digestive system,
both of which are apt to fall rapidly in
this disease.
Kidney diseases are more liable In sum-
mer than in winter. Send for a copy of
"Summer Catarrh," written by Dr. Hart-
man. This book will be sent fr?e to an\-
address upon application, and treats of tne
f.'ltarrhal diseases n«»rii!inr tn «nmm<>rFive CafS* Badly Damaged but Fortu
nately No Person Was
Injured.
ST. LOUIS, June IS.— To-day was by far
the most uneventful in the history of the
street railway strike. This was owing to
the discontinuance ; of all . negotiations
tending toward the settlement of the con
troversy and to the utter absence of
trduble along the, numerous routes of the
transit Gompany. . •
A slight stir was caused during the day
bv Sheriff Pohlman, who proposed that
the posse comltatus, comprising 2500 citi- ,
zens soldiery, be discharged. A confer
ence of the police and posse officials threw
a wet blanket on tho Sheriff's proposition I
by emphatically declaring the time no^J
STRIKERS IN ST. LOUIS
AGAIN USE DYNAMITE
two men to come together In the interest
of harmony and for the success of the
national ticket in Missouri. . D. M. Houser
was elected chairman of the delegation.
Chairman McCammant of the Oregon
delegation said to-day:
"1 hope to have the honor of placing
In nomination for Vice President Judge
Tripp of South Dakota, In the event of
Roosevelt's nomination, of course, I shall
not present Judge Tripp. Judge Tripp
and Qur delegation believe that Roosevelt
should not be forced to take the nomi
nation. Roosevelt will make a popular
candidate, however, but* we believe Judge
Trlpp will be a stronger one In the West."
The Arizona Territorial delegation cau
cused to-day and Charles H. Akers, a del
egate at large, was elected chairman. A
poll on Vice President showed \the dele
gates are a unit for any man who Is ac
ceptable- to the administration.. If the
latter has no candidate, then the dele,
gates will vote solidly for Roosevelt , But
In the event of the New York Governor
declining to let his name go before the
convention the Arizona men will throw
their supportto Dolliver.
The meeting of the New York_delegatlon
was a sort of magnet to "the delegates
from other States and the corridors in
front of the committee rooms were so"
crowded at 8 o'clock that the local police
had to be called on to make a passageway
for the New Yorkers. The aim of the
crowd seenled to be to get a sight of:
Roosevelt, for when he came through the
corridor there was a burst of applause. A
policeman assisted him through and
shortly afterward Senator Depew got a
similar ovation.
In ten minutes after convening the meet-
SEXATOH FAIRBANKS OF
IOWA, WHO "WAS TEMPO
RARY CHAIRMAN OF THE
CONVENTION OF 1896.
Chairman Burton, answering for the
«Vleratlon. said they were all heartily
cipplrous of havins: the Vice Presidency so
rhappd as to brinj? strength, and that
Kansas would join with New York in any
ection which would be for the best in
terest of the Republican party, as that
xrmM paramount to all other considera
tions.
Mr. Burton cfterward summed up the
feolir.g by stating that if Roosevelt would
-•and he would have the eolid vote of
Kansa*. H he was out Dolliver probably
would be the favorite.
Governor Wells says the Utah delega
tion expects to support Eartlett Trlpp
for Vice President, but the Roosevelt
•novement has caused a change of plans,
*¦> that-if New York unites on Roosevelt
Utah will be solid for him. After that
Utah will be for Trlpp.
The" California delegation has received
many dispatches from their State home as
to the severity of the quarantine enforced
\v Surgeon Kinyoun of the United States
Hospital st*ff. and this subject crowded
rut politlrs^o Mme extent to-day. Chair
man Kn'pht Rnd elx others were appoint
ed a committee to go to Washington and
r^orc^r.t to the President and .Secretary
Gaeethat the regulations were unduly
1-arsh and needless, as It Is asserted that
no authenticated case of plague has ap
-Uare4 and that the State's .interests are
N»injr injured by the severe restrictions.
Senator Wolcott. who was elected chair
man and the national committeemaji at
/h* r"""i xneetlnK el the Colorado dcleea-
MAJOR DICK. SECRETARY OF
THE NATIONAL COMMIT
TEE. HANNA'b' LIEUTEN
ANT.
Jf It should come about that any other of
New York's worthy sons Is presented to
the convention we would hope that Keji-
F jf would pive t\lm the same hearty pup
nnrt It has «riven to Governor Roosevelt."
"Doubtless Governor Roosevelt would
be the unanimous choice if he permitted
the use of his name; but he can do a great
c^al mere for the Republican party as
Governor of New York. No one can tell
v.ho will be nominated on Thursday, but
"Governor Roosevelt asked me to eay
that he regretted his inability to be be
fore you. He a?ked to be excused. He is
Just now engaged In an important con
sultation. From all directions comes the
demar.d that he 5t3r.d for Vice President,
ar.d it is for him to say. Speaking for
r-ypelf. I will pay that we want him to
r<"-main Governor of New York. As, Vice
iTPsiornt he would preside over the Sen
e:e, and only in that contingency which
we all would declore — the death of the
President— would he be called on to exer
cise the larper functions for which he is
fn well fitted. He will be re-elected Gov
ernor of New York; we have no doubt as
to that. For that reason he sincerely
h-^pes that he will be able to remain in
ICew York and continue in the work he
hti? taken up without being called to the
Vice Presidency.
i-.rr.cy, to take his place. After bemg in
troduced by Chairman J. R. Burton of the
celebration. General Greene said: •
-T— k HILADELPHIA. June lS.-Great ln
m .\ terest centered at the Kansas head
|— "^ quarters early in the day. as Gov
¦ <rnor P.oosevelt had promised to
-*- pay a visit to the delegation. The
Governor could not come, however, and
Beat Genera.1 Francis V. Greene, whose
r.ame is also mentioned for the Vice Pres-
The fight in the Missouri delegation for
National Committeeman wound up to-day
In a love feast. The climax was reached
when J. A. Akin, the State chairman,
who led the faction opposed to Richard
C. Kerens, shook hands with the latter
amid the cheers of the whole delegation.
In a speech Charles G. Denton asked the
The representatives from Oklahoma Ter
ritory partly organized by selecting Harry
C. Thompson as chairman. A poll was
taken and it was found that they will
support Dolliver. If Roosevelt allows his
name to be sent to the convention, the
Territory's vote will go to him.
The Maine delegation organized at noon,
electing Sidney M. Bird chairman. Jo
seph H. Manley was unanimously elected
National Committeeman. The delegation
decided to vote as a unit for Secretary
Long as long as he is a candidate before
the convention.
The New Hampshire delegation to-day
passed a resolution to stand by Secretary
Long for second place on the ticket until
he be elected or withdrawn.
"Governor Roosevelt is an ideal candi
date." she said, "but I believe he can
serve the country, the party and the State
of New York better as the Governor of
that State than as Vice President. I want
Mr. Dolliver to succeed because he em
bodies more of the Roosevelt qualities
than any other candidate."
Walton corridors to-day was Mrs. J. El
len Foster, president of the Women's Re
publican League. She is a stanch sup
porter of Mr. Dolliver.
"1 am for one of the candidates for Vice
President," he said, "it matters not which,
who wants the office and is willing to say
he wants it I do not believe that Mr.
Roosevelt can In honor accept it if ten
dered him."
Among the most active people about the
"We do not think there will be any ne
cessity of considering any Becond person
If Roosevelt will consent to run. After
Roosevelt we like Bliss very well, but
Dolliver Is a good "man and we think
very ,well of his chances."
Senator Mason of Illinois was amsng
the earlv arrivals. He lost no time In
taking a positive poEltlon against Gover
nor Roosevelt.
Virginia's contingent also declared It
self for Roosevelt If he could be Induced
to make the race. After Roosevelt they
were Inclined to favor Dolliver. Part
Agnew, delegate at large from the State,
said:
"We are for Roosevelt If he can be
persuaded to take the nomination. If he
cannot be induced to run we will go for
Dolllver. the greater part of us."
"The delegation came to Philadelphia
wholly unlpstructed .is to the Presiden
tial and Vice Presidential candidates, and
the delegates have held no conference for
the purpose of deciding on any one. I
believe that the Montana men will sup
port Scott for the Vice Presidency."
The West Virginia delegates have all
arrived. Morris Horkhclmer, the probable
chairman of the delegation, said:
The delegates from Montana held their
caucus to-night and selected Senator
Thomas H. Carter to be the chairman of
the delegation in the convention. The
Hon. William H. Dewitt was elected Na
tional Committeeman to succeed Charles
P. Leonard. When Senator Carter was
asked whom the delecatlon would support
for Vice President he said:
The committee delegated to get into
communication with Mr. Lonjr for the
purpoee of learning his wishes regarding
any further movement in his behalf re
ported that the Secretary of the Navy left
the matter in the hands of the delegation.
He had no preference as to who should
place him In nomination or who should
second it. It is the desire of the delega
tion that Senator Lodge have the honor
of iiaruing him.
The sub-committees appointed by the
Massachusetts delegation to canvass all
the States in the interest of Secretary
Long for the Vice Presidency made their
reports th!s afternoon. Th» committee
deputed to look over the New . England
field reported that every State in that sec
tion would vote solidly for Mr. Long. Tha
reports from nearly all the Southern
States were to the effect in general that
the delegations from that section ¦would
vote for the man that was acceptable to
the adminiPtration.s The Cook County del.
ocatep of Illinois, as well as many of the
delegates from the rest of the State, lean
toward Dolliver, as do also the delegates
frmn Iowa, Kansas and Nebraska. The
Pacific States, the committees learjied,
would vote for the Far Western candi
dates !n the field, while the sentiment
among the Northern States east of the
Mississippi is strong for a New York
man. provided the Empire State delega
tion can unite on a candidate. Most of
the sub-committees reported that Secre
tary Long was very strong as a second
choice.
The roll was then called, resulting:
Roosevelt l\ Root 1, Long 1. Bliss 1. ex
cused from voting 7, absent 2.
Senator Flynn of Pittsburg (anti-Quay)
thought It rather early to tie up the dele
gation. To this suggestion Chairman
Quay replied that there was nothing bind
ing in the motion— that It merely showed
the preference of the delegation.
"I ¦ can assure the gentleman and the
other delegates that Governor Roosevelt
will accept if the nomination is tendered
him."
pressman M. B. Williams inquired whether
Roosevelt would accept If Indorsed. Sen
ator Penrose said:
The Pennsylvania delegation met this
afternoon and unanimously elected M. S.
Quay national committecman from this
State. Colonel Quay presided, and he'was
also made chairman of the delegation. On
motion of Senator Penrose, the delegation
was pledged to McKinley. Chairman Quay
said this was scarcely necessary, but he
put the motion as a matter of form. Sen
ator Penrose thenznoved that the delega
tion be instructed for Roosevelt for Vice
President. State Senator C. I>. Magee
(anti-Quay) asked for a roll call. Conr
"There is a very friendly sentiment for
Roosevelt and for Senator Fairbanks,"
paid Mr. Welcott, "but we have taken no
action and we go into the convention ab
solutely unpledged."
tion, declared not a word was said as to
the Vice Presidency.
Senator Fairbanks was chosen chairman
of the Indiana delegation. During the
caucus of the delegation to-night. Senator
Fairbanks announced that he would not
accept the nomination, for Vice President
under any circumstances. After Fair
banks the delegation is for Roosevelt. If
he should not run, the delegation's votes
will be scattered among several candi
dates.
Governor Taylor is accompanied by his
wife, and the two keep to their rooms
much of the time. Members of the party
say the Kentucky authorities who hold
a •warrant for Mr. Taylor are following
his movements from State to State, but no
fear is expressed that the matter will be
brought up while he is here. -The Gover
nor himself told his friends . he had not
been annoyed on the trip here and did not
expect to have any trouble. When the
matter was referred to at the Kentucky
headquarters it evoked heated denuncia
tion of the "conspiracy" against Taylor,
and expressions of sturdy loyalty to him.
"Kentucky wants to compliment Gover
nor Bradley by having his name consid
ered for tne Vice Presidency. After that
the sentiment seems strongest for Roose
velt, if he will accept, with no definite
choice among the other candidates."
Governor Taylor and Governor Bradley
are the two central figures of the Ken
tucky delegation, which has quarters at
the Continental. The delegation is aug
mented by the McKinley Club of Louis
ville, with a big band, which keeps things
lively. Delegate W. p. Rosa summed up
the feeling thus:
The Kansas delegation, the North Da
kota delegation and the South Dakota
delegation sent the same kind of mess
ages, showing- that the tide toward a
stampede was being partially stemmed.
However, it was appreciated, that the
sentiment was not by any means crushed
out and that It misht without careful
management still overwhelm the unwill
ing Roosevelt.
"We want to assure you that while
we want your name on the ticket, we will
respect your wishes in the matter."
"I believe that the delegations that are
really friendly to me will not vote for
me, but will respect my wishes."
Even as he spoke a delegation from
Oregon came in and the spokesman said:
In Governor Roosevelt's room the at
mosphere of doubt had somewhat cleared
away. Governor Roosevelt himself said:
More decidedly in keeping with this view
of the matter were the threats of the less
guarded of the delegation that "if Gover
nor Roosevelt does not accept the Vice
Presidency he will not be nominated for
Governor and will, be retired to private
life."
"Yes, I think so."
On the list of selections of committee
men from New York, it was noted by
some of the politicians, all the conflicting
elements In the party In the State are con
fronted. Prank S. Black, former Gover
nor, Is vice president of the delegation.
General F. G. Greene goes on the commit
tee to notify the president of his nomina
tion. Frank S. Witherbee is the State
representative to notify the President.
George W. Aldrldge is on rules. General
William C. Wallace on permanent organ
ization, Lemuel E. Quigg on resolutions
and Senator Platt is spokesman of the
delegation. Senator Platt went directly
to his room after the meeting and a num
ber of the New York delegates followed
him. There -were enough remarks dropped
to make it evident that the leaders of
the New York delegation were convinced
that Governor Roosevelt's statement has
disposed of his candidacy. To Mr. Flatt
this question was proposed:
"Can Mr. Roosevelt be defeated for the
nomination?" to which he replied:
Ing had adjourned until to-morrow after
noon at 4 o'clock without any mention
of Vice Presidential candidates. Gover
nor Roosevelt sat next to Senator Platt
and chatted pleasantly. Senator Platt de
clined to talk on the ultimatum issued by
Governor Roosevelt.
ROOSEVELT'S REFUSAL
URGED BY HIS WIFE
Special Dispatch to The CalL
T-nHILADELPHIA. June 18.— Mrs. Roosevelt was sent for to-day and she had a long talk with her husband. She ad-
I J vised him not to take the nomination, and Chairman Odell was called Into the family council.
r~^ In passing, it may be said that the Governor places great reliance on the Judgment of his wife.
1 The Governor had met probably four hundred persons during the day and had listened to a perfectly bewilder
- 1 - Ing assortment of advice, and finally at 4 o'clock Issued his'statement asking the delegates not to vote for him. In
this statement the Governor endeavored to please neither Hanna nor Platt, and to avoid offending both. It said
nothing new. Everybody knew he did not desire the nomination. What the convention wanted to know was. Would he re
fuse it if tendered? _. , ,
This the Governor did not answer. The general impression was that he would accept it. The statement pleased Han
na mightily, because it gave him time to rearrange his scattered forces, but It mortally offended Senator Platt.
yet ripe for the dispersion of the body.
The Coroner's Inquest to-day brought out
nothing of Importance.
After the arrest of these men Mr. Cham
berlain called the meeting to order, the
preliminary work of appointing a creden
tials committee was proceeded with and
the assembly took a recess until after
noon, pending a report from that com
mittee.
After their release from court Mr. Par
sons and his friends returned to head
quarters and an effort was made to hold
another meeting of the general assem-
bly when the police under Captain Aus
tin, acting on complaint of Secretary
Hayes threatened to clear the hall and
txuh factions retired. The doors were
closed and remained tightly locked for
the remainder of the day.
The dynamite fiend was abroad again
to-nipht and at midnight five more or less
disabled cars attested to his skillful plac
ing of explosives. Ko one was injured.
Alaska Judges Assigned.
WASHINGTON. June IS.— The Attor
ney General has assigned the Judges of '
the District Court for the District of
Alaska as follows: Melville C. Brown,
District 1. to reside at Juneau: Arthur H.
Noyes, District 2. to reside at St. Michael;
James W. Wlckersham. District 3. to re
side at Eagle City.
Union Bank Dividend.
SAN JOSE. June IS.— A dlvlrtenrt or £J
per cent has been declared" In favor of de
positors of the Union Savlnps Bank who
sued the shareholders. There had pre
viously been paid 15 per cent, making now
a total of 45 per cent.
PROMINENT WORKERS AT THE GREAT PHILADELPHIA CONVENTION
Sentiment at the Various State Headquarters
Indicates an Overwhelming Feeling in
Favor of Roosevelt if He Could Be Pre
vailed Upon to Accept the Nomination.
GATHERSON HISTORIC ANNIVERSARY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 10,- 1900.
3
B The Union Label
z=d tsZaU Qn c i ot hj n g guarantees that the garments are made by skilled
ettvlO] union men— the best workmen in the world— that the clothing
J^ is made under the best sanitary conditions as regard light, ven-
• tilation and commodious quarters— that it is clean, well-made
union made clothing in every particular.
feSfi We are the only firm on this coast authorized to put the
' °4Mt union label on ready-made clothing. Don't you prefer uhion-
-§^-5^ made clothing, instead of the ordinary kind?
\&0fujk W e are selling union-made
*|ffi|£ Suits and Overcoats for $0.85
SsgjLifgy* £ They are broken somewhat in sizes — certain patterns are
"~fg^jl short some sizes — but taking the clothing as a whole we can fit
\*?l?t>>c\ everybody. These suits and overcoats have sold right here in
=J bur store for $12. 50 and $ic,oo. They were reduced to $9 8c
Jfffffjf; merely because the sizes became broken. The clothes are as
I good 2s they ever were and they were good values at our 'for-
UNiON made mer prices.
.EJSNreft Tn e suits comprise cheviots, serges and clay worsteds; and
°^B^ • t * ie overcoats come in kerseys, coverts, oxford grays and cheviots.
j^S For Boys' Summer Wear
"Sh^?* /S^CHOOL is* now out and the children are ready to spend
S£2nf*y[i *cs— je) their vacation in the country romping over the hills and
5 CTgg5 fields and indulging in all the outdoor sports. It will be
;=D^^ g a saving to you to dress them in the proper clothing.
=J Overalls in brown or blue with bib Shirt waists, all patterns and colors,
= and re-enforced crotch,'' copper riv- ages 5 to 12 years; blouse waists
== - eted, all sizes, same assortment, ages 3 to 8 years,
m, ,nn i/.r>r I — V '. either waist or blouse,
UNION MADE . 25c a pair ' , •
't-—^^ i , ,1/1 25c each
Ez=^£d^t Overalls made especially for girls
5 SClis^r from three to ten years old, in blue Boys' washable suits made of co-
H§^2a*i only, vert cloth, ages 3 to 10 years,
~/^lB^\ 40c a 'pair \ 75c a suit
s dl^fe^ We M f atl out-of-town orders with the utmost care and promptness. You can
£ fr>?^ deal wiif> us fy mail and be assured of the same treatment as though you
Sfei^Sfl - in person. Write us to-day.
"lE^ifg k 718 Market Street.
*" ZZ* ' * *- r "^ J 1* ¦ <j l r£*fVBC-C*"TF"*-'" :> tn m^iiw^wii mi— ¦ ¦¦¦—!¦ 1 _i_ imibj^^^m^—^m^^mi^ W
IC ./*¦.'*¦! f **¦*_¦«¦*- *?. !Vt»f^«. . TJtJiMn^ElBiTMlmffnBn'^JwWTTTKMlMiiC^HlWjM^nr iflSTflrMW 1 ' I ¦ ¦*- j^aT":r:». */• '.Iji'^ ,¦'*¦The press dispatch from Manila last
night saying that the Ninth Infantry had
been ordered to Manila for service in
China exposed the secret plans of the
War Department to dispatch troops to
tho scene of trouble In China. Secret or
ders were sent to General MacArthur a
few days ago to prepare for the prompt
dispatch of troops to Taku, but it was
not Intended that the matter should he-
"A dispatch from Tausslg, dated Che
foo, June 17, says that the Taku forts
fired on the foreign gun vessels at 12:45
In the morning and reports that the Brit
ish admiral Is at Tientsin."
"The department has received a cable
gram from Admiral Remey at Cavite,
dated June 18, that Informs the depart
ment that Commander Tausslg cables
that the Taku forts at the mouth of the
river Pelho fired on the foreign gun
vessels and surrendered to the allied
forces on the morning of the 17th. The
department has instructed Admiral
Kempff to concur with the other powers
in taking all steps necessary to protect
all American interests.
WASHINGTON, June 18.— The actual
news of the situation In China was re
ceived by the Navy Department in two
cablegrams, the contents of which were
made known as follows:
KEMPFF GIVEN AN
INDEPENDENT COMMAND
the naval commanders held a council and
decided to send an ultimatum calling for
the rlisbandment of the troops arid an
nouncing that if this demand were not
complied with before 2 a. m. of the fol
lowing day the united squadron would
destroy the forts. Shortly after midnight
the forts opened lire. The British, Krench,
Russian. German and Japanese warships
replied until two of the forts were blown
up and the rest wore carried by assault.
Two British, one American and five Chi
nese warships are in Chefoo harbor."
The morning papers consider that a
state of war practically exists. The Times
says that the latest news Indefinitely in
creases a situation already sufficiently
serious.
— ¦ »
come puonc until the movement was at
least under way. Now that the matter
leaked out from Manila, the officials of
the department admit that the adminis
tration has concluded to send troops to
China, for the protection of the and
property of American citizens.
The following cable message fromJGen
eral MacArthur bearing on this subject
was made public at the War Department
this morning:
"Ninth Infantry, Colonel Liscum, or-
"On the afternoon of June 16, in view
of the large bodies of Chinese troops as
sembling at the forts and of the facts that
torpedoes had been laid in the river and
that all communications were interrupted,
The Shanghai correspondent of tho
Times under yesterday's date gives tho
following description, said to be from offi
cial sources, of the action at Taku:
"Russia has massed 40,000 men, with
seven batteries of artillery, at Kiahkta,
with orders to proceed to Maimatchin, a
Chinese town contiguous to Kiahkta, and
thence to advance along the telegraph
route to the Mongol town of Urga. 200
miles south of Kiahkta and 750 miles
northwest of Peking."
The Brussels correspondent of the
Standard, in a dispatch dated yesterday,
says: • '";:
More Russians have been ordered from
Port Arthur to Taku. This reinforce
ment, says the St. Petersburg correspond
ent of the Daily Telegraph, Is announced
In the St_ Petersburg Gazette, the Gov
ernment pointing out that Russia is send
ing so many troops solely for the sake
of peace and humanity.
The failure of Admiral Seymour's col
umn and Its retreat to Tientsin Increase,
it is presumed, the peril of the legations
In Peking, which Is still isolated, although
Shanghai forwards Chinese rumors that
the legations were attacked by mobs who
were mowed down by machine guns, and
also that the members of the legations
were massacred. The situation at Niu
Chwar.g Is reported critical.
The British Consul at Kiukang has or
dered all of the foreigners to leave Ku
ling and Naukingchang. The powers are
taking prompt , action. Four thousand
German troops have been ordered to
China, 10,000 French troops are waiting to
embark at Saigno, capital of French
Cochin China, and from 3000 to 5000 more
Russians have been ordered from Port
Arthur to Taku.
"Two of the forts were blown up. The
thirty-two warships at Taku aggregated
two hundred thousand tons and carried
more than 300 guns."
"Four hundred Chinese are reported
killed. The Chinese, when retreating, fell
Into the hands of the Russian land forces."
The Daily News has the following from
.Chefoo:
"The heavy Russian losses were due to
the blowing up of the magazines of Mand
shur.
orders from Peking conveyed in the per
sonal edict of the Empress Dowager, by
advice of Kang Yl (president of the Min
istry of War). Several- warships were
struck by shells from the twelve-inch
puns of the forts.
The Taku Forts at the Mouth of the Peiho River.
TAKT; IS SITUATED AT THE MOUTH OF THE PEIHO RIVER. ON THE SOUTHERN BANK OF THE STREAM, ABOUT SIXTY-SEVEN MILES
FROM TIENTSIN. WITH WHICH IT IS CONNECTED BY A RAILROAD. IT IS NOTED BY THE THREE ENGAGEMENTS THAT HAVE TAKEN
PLACE THERE BETWEEN THE BRITISH AND THE CHINESE. PART OF THE TIENTSIN ARMY CORPS HAS MODERN ORGANIZATION, DRILL
AND ARMs! AND IS STATIONED AT THE TAKU FORTS. BETWEEN TAKU AND TIENTSIN THE CENTER OF THE DEFENSES AND CHIEF AR
SENAL OF NORTHERN CHINA, ARE PERMANENT CAMPS WHERE THERE ARE USUALLY 30,000 TROOPS-INFANTRY. CAVALRY AND ARTIL
LERY-ARMED WITH MAUSER RIFLES AND KRUPP GUNS. THE CAVALRY ALSO CARRY MAUSER CARBINES. THESE TROOPS HAVE BEEN
WEI L INSTRUCTED FOR TEN OR TWELVE YEARS BY FOREIGN OFFICERS. THE ARMAMENT OF THE TAKU FORTS CONSISTS OF VERY HEAVY
KRT-PP GUNS, AND THE APPROACHES TO THE FORTS FROM THE GULF OF PECHILI ARE EXTREMELY DIFFICULT. THE FORTIFICATIONS
CONSIST OF THREE FORTS— A LARGE ONE ON THE RIGHT BANK AND TWO SMALLER ONES ON THE LEFT. ALL OF THE FORTS ARE ARMED
WITH NUMEROUS GUNS OF THE MOST VARIED SYSTEMS AND CALIBERS. IN THE CONSTRUCTION OF THE FORTS OF THE SECOND ZONE THE
MUDDY CLAY SOIL OF THE COAST WAS USED. WHICH. DURING THE DRY SEASON. BECOMES CRACKED AND CRUMBLES VERY EASILY, AND
THE GARRISON IS CONTINUALLY MAKING REPAIRS. IN TAKU ARE THE MATERIALS FOR CLOSING UP THE MOUTH OF THE PEIHO. ALX.
THE COAST FORTIFICATIONS HAVE MINES.
NEW YORK, Jun- 18.—
While, as claimed by the Chin
ese Minister at Washington,
technically a state of war does
not exist between China and
the Western powers, open hos
tilities have occurred, with the
immediate result of the sub
jection of the Taku forts and
speedy prospects of a march
upon Peking by a large inter
national force. Fire was
opened by the Chinese forts
upon foreign vessels off Taku
on Sunday. Their bombard
ment and surrender followed.
PARIS, June 18. — The
gravity of the situation in
China is now fully recognized,
and the Paris morning papers
demand energetic steps for the
protection of the interests of
French citizens. The measures
taken by M. Delcasse, the For
eign Minister, are unanimous
ly approved, but the general
feeling now is that, as the
Chinese question is in one
aspect exclusively French, the
Government should do much
more.
FRENCH SKIPS FOR CHINA.
PARIS, June IS.— The French first-class
cruiser Guichen and the French armored
cruiser Airal Charner have been ordered
to fit out immediately for China.
SHANGHAI, Juno 19.— Four hundred
Chinese were killed In the attack on the
Taku forts. The attackers numbered 2000.
chiefly Russians, but included Americans.
British, Italian, German, Japanese.
French and Austrian3. The fire of th^
forts was at first directed at the gunboats
Yorktown, Algerine and Iltin. Alandshur
(Russian) and Atage (Japanese). Several
were struck by shells. A 12-inch shell
exploded In the Mandshur'a magazine and
the vessel was blown up. The Algerine
and Iltis were badly damaged, each being
struck many times. The commander of
the Iltis was mortally wounded.
¦WASHINGTON. June IS.— The Instruc
tions sent to Admiral KempfT relative to
his participation In the seizure of the
Taku forts were broad, consisting of di
rection to protect all American interestn
and to that end to act concurrently with
the representatives of other powers. The
sole condition was that, in his judgment,
his acts should tend to the protection of
American interests. It was learned at
the British embassy this afternoon that
there were two British admirals In Peiho
River, Admiral Seymour and Admiral
Bruce. Therefore Tausslg's reference to
the arrival of the British admiral at Tien
tain does not mean necessarily that Sey
mour has returned with his foreign col
umn. Incl'ided in the detachment of 100
marines with the international expedition
sent to the relief of foreign residents at
Peking are the following well-known of
ficers of the marine corps: Major I* W.
T. "Weller and Lieutenants R. F. TV'lnne,
G. C. Reid. A. E. Harding. H. Leonard and
N. L. Jolly.
SLAUGHTER OF CHINESE
AT THE TAKU FORTS
BROAD INSTRUCTIONS
SENT ADMIRAL KEMPFF
Surrendered to allied forces at S a. n
The British admiral Is at Tientsin.
"TAUSS1U."
?
this stasre. Secretary Hay was asked If
the latest developments liad made any
chansre in thr policy which the Unite.1
States has adcpted toward these Chinese
troubles. He replied:
"Our naval forces In that region havs
been directed to act concurrently with the
forces of the other powers for the pro
tection of al* American Interests."
Owing to the eccentric action *of the
telegraphic wires and cables which Inter
feres with Admiral Kempff communicat
ing with the Navy Department and also
with his superior officer. Admiral Remey
at Manila, the Navy Department to-day
gave Admiral Kempff an Independent
command in the interests of quick dis
patch of business. There has been no
friction whatever between the two ad
mirals and the commander in chief of
the station. Admiral Remey, has lent due
support to Admiral Kempff during the
crisis.
Great apprehension exists at the Navy
Department as to the fate of the United
States marine guard of fifty-six men
which were landed at Tientsin and dis
patched by rail to Peking before the rail
road was interrupted. They went for
ward to Peking under authorization given
by the Chinese Government to the United
States Minister at Peking, In common
with other ministers, to employ a a naval
guard at the legation. Just before the
wires from Peking were cut word came
that Minister Conger had detached twenty
of these marines from his legation and
placed them as a guard at the Methodist
compound.
The Navy Department has made public
the text of the two cablegrams received
from Admiral Remey and Commander
Tausslg. The first Is as follows:
"CHEFOO. June 17.— Taku forts tired
upon foreign vessels about 12:45 a. m.
"CAVITE, June 18.-9:40 A. M.— Bureau
of Navigation, Washington. Taussig ca
bles that Taku forts fired upon foreign
gun vessels and then surrendered to the
allied forces the morning of June 17.
Kempft asks instructions about joining
other powers who are taking united action
In demanding that the Taku forts be
turned over to them to secure favorable
termination of the trouble. "Will the de
partment instruct Kempff and give me
the same Information? REMET.'"
The telegram from Commander Tausstg
of the Yorktown is as follows:
dered to Taku on Logan; transportation
Port Albert: probably start 24th. Ty
phoon delays movement."
The voyage from Manila to Taku will
occupy at least a week.
The State Department this morning re
ceived a cablegram from United States
Consul Goodnow at Shanghai repeating
the news previously conveyed to the Navy
Department by Admiral Remey and Com
mander Tauasig. The officials here are
puzzled by Tausslg's statement that the
British admiral has arrived at Tientsin.
They did not know that more than one
British admiral was in the Peiho River,
and that was Admiral Seymour, who led
the international relief column toward
Peking. If it is this admiral who has re
turned to Tientsin, then the assumption
is that the relief column has failed and
has been compelled to retreat to Tien
tsin This assumption would explain the
statement brought by the Japanese tor
pedo boat that the foreign legations at
Peking had been taken, for that is the
only manner in which the news could
have reached. Tientsin. In this case, it
is said, nothing can be done for the re
lief of foreign Ministers at Peking, sup
posing they are still alive, until a very
much stronger relief column can bo
formed and marched overland to Peking.
"Weeks must elapse before this can be ac
complished. The Ninth Infantry Regi
ment represents all of the army which
it is proposed at present to employ. Col
onel Liscum has been ordered to report to
the United States Consul at Tientsin.
It Is difficult to get a precise official
view of the status of our relations with
China since 'this last news. The conclu
sion that we are in a state of war is em
phatically negatived by the officials best
competent to speak. The Chinese Minis
ter, Wu, was an early visitor to the State
Department to-day. He does not believe
that we are at war with China. He said
that there iiad been a great misunder
standing and he was confident th'at if
the Taku forts had fired upon the inter
national fleet it was either because the
commander of the Chinese forts there did
not understand what was wanted or he
had failed to receive proper Instructions
from his superior through an error.
Herr von Holleben, the German Embas
sador, was without official information.
At the State Department the Idea pre
vailed that the r c had beer, a bombH.'ii
ment, anJ that our forces ¦were on Chin
esexsoi!. FtJH there was no war up to
4
Taku Forts Open Fire on me International Fleet,
Which Bombards and Takes Possession-Losses
Sustained by the British, German, Russian and
French Naval Forces.
CHINA DECLARES WAR AGAINST THE WORLD
Chinese torpedo-boats were seized.
"Tn*e forts beraa Urine in observance to
LONDON, June 19—3:30 A. M.— China
declared war against the world
when the Taku forts opened lire up
on the international fleet. The ac
counts of what took place are still
unsatisfactory, the 'best semi-official In
formation being the dispatch received at
Berlin from Chefoo.
The German Consul at Chefoo tele-
Kraphs that a Japanese torpedo boat from
Taku has brought the following:
"The Chinese laid torpedoes in the Taku
River and collected troops from Shanhei
kwan. The foreign commanders assem
bled on the Russian flagship and address
ed an ultimatum to the commanders of
the Taku forts, summoning them to with
draw their troops before 2 o'clock June 17.
At la. m. June 17 the guns of the forts
opened fire, to which the Russian, Brit
ish, French and Japanese warships re
plied. The bombardment lasted seven
hours. Two British ships in the river
between the forts are reported to have
been Bunk. The telegTaph line and rail
road between Tientsin and Taku was de
stroyed. Communication by water Is also
threatened."
Later a semi-official dispatch from Che
foo announced that the Taku forts had
been captured after a combined attack
by the foreign warships. Three men on
the German warship lltls were killed and
seven were wounded.
The dispatch added that the foreign
settlements at Tientsin were being tired
Into by the Chinese.
When the dispatch left nothing had been
heard from the German detachment sent
to Peking or from the German legation
there.
The unofficial narratives coming by way
of Shanghai vary and bear evidence of
supplementing the main facts with guess
work. One dispatch says the Yorktown
participated in the bombardment. An
other asserts that American marines
formed part of the storming force of 2000.
An Associated Press dispatch from Che
foo, dated yesterday srfternoon, says:
The forts on both sides of Taku are
now occupied. The Chinese opened tire
unexpectedly. The casualties to the
mixed force were as follows:
Killed — British 1, German 3, Rus
sian 1 and French 1.
Wounded — British 4, German 7,
Russian 45 and French 1.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Daily Mail, telegraphing yesterday, says:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 19, 1900.
tr%m *XI«T"»I~ A C? f~ C? fV IT O T Hi /^V% / ¦"*!"" A ¦ IT%/ The lndex °* human beauty is
lr<l IIS BlB lel^r ASr S isrSS BcB IV *<b Al 1 Y the face - A cIrar complexion u
DlA/V/ Lr 1/IOL.rVJB-O B-f I_O B B\\/ B DL./AU B 1 neatly desired by every woman
. . . - and admired by every man. Goo<l
looks disappear when the face Is blemished by disease. Eruptions, pimples and similar blemishes are the direct result of im
pure blood. Constitutional treatment is necessary— cosmetics will only temporarily benefit the trouble. By the use of ELEC
TROZONE all blemishes disappear. ELECTROZONE acts upon the blood and removes all impurities. No woman need to ha
embarrassed by facial blemishes If she will take proper treatment. ELECTROZONE Is the beat remedy.
ELECTROZONE for sale by druggists, » Bottle.
-Vv', Send for circular to ELECTROZONE MFG. .CO., San Francisco.
ELECTROZONE MFG. CO.— Gentlemen: I
had been troubled with dyspepsia and Toss of
appetite for over a year prior to first taklns
your remedy. In November, 'S3, it was recom-
mended to me by your acquaintance!), and toclc
two bottles, which completely cured me. I
felt relieved after one day's taking. I have told
several friends about the remedy, who were
similarly afflicted, and they were helped la
every case, and I am confident that If takpn
with regularity It will tn every case effect a
cure. Very truly. CHA3. A. COLE.
S-J3 South Spring St., Les Angeles.
ELECTROZOXB MFO. CO.— Gentlemen: I
was in a dreadful condition. My skin was al-
most yellow, eyes sunken, tongue coated, pain
continually in the back and sides, appetite
gradually growing weaker day by day. Three
physicians had given me up. Fortunately a
friend advised me to try ELECTROZONE, and
to ray Joy and surprise the first bottle made
a decided Improvement in my condition. Two
more bottles made me a well woman. You can
use my name for the benefit of all women all-
Ing as I was. MIS3 MAT FORD.
MINNEAPOLIS. Minn.. Feb. I. 1900.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. «. &*>•.
TO ELECTROZONE MFO. CO.: I n0 )-.£ n }'
feel that It is my duty but a real Plef^lA 0
tell all the sick and ¦ uffe 5 n «, wn^J : T suffered
ZONE haa done for me. For SO years I ¦>«««*[
with rheumatism, stomach trouble and tne
countless ills that human nesh is heir to. and
can say that after taking three bottles of
ELECTROZONE I was like a new Person-so
much so that friends say I °<* * en >?*£»
youn B er than when I began taking ; ELECTI.O-
ZONE. I am 60 years old and will be grlad at
any time to eay a warm word of praise to any
inquiry. With best wishes. g TATLOR>
1742 First Ave., Seattle.
-~ -_. A ., . />¦¦ xn f\ I I BHI 0 C" . Dyspepsia Is so common In this country that It Is knfmr* as me Amer-
SiIDM \ H r3 I BiFfl Bl MrSI I" ! can dlseilse - Jt ls the cause of more distressing symptoms and aufTer-
i^ E If VhA^O ¦ l\\/UtJLl_ inR than any other. The first symptom Is usually after eating
V-rBVrlTl#m^»» ¦¦¦v rp^ , g f O n owed by nauseai \ 03S O f appetite, pain in the side, constipa-
tion flatulence dizziness, partial blindness, palpitation of the heart. These troubles induce mental depression and general
bad' health A miserable Existence is the result of an ordinary dyspepsia that has been nep.ected or that other remedies
have failed to cure. ELECTROZONE is the most effective remedy for all forms of stomach trouble. It arrests fermen-
tation of food prevents acidity of the stomach Increases the appetite. Improves the digestion and effects a positive euro
ouleklv -and permanently. It Is acknowledged by physicians and people In general to be the best remedy on the market for
any form of stomach ttpuble.
¦ /¦rvill-%/ All * JITfclT ?£ Unc « tl * 1 ?f. of t 5*Vi? CM , n . ey9 V an Jmportant one. and It relates tn an Intimate
B/lri\B-V ABB fa/ar \% I wa >tp the condition of the skin. Any disturbance of the functions of the Kldnevs-
t\lU ™L I ABL TB L.W 1 result Up from severe strain, overwork of any kind, cold or exposure, nr Some K£
s1ivhb.ii to W hich the Kidneys are susceptible-is always followed by symptoms more or les*
distressing, because a diversion ol Ithe wastes that the i Kidneys in their proper working throw off poisons the system and In-
duces sucli remote troubles as rheumamm weak back and general nervous and physical debility, sallowness and roughness
of the skin and many other disorders. ELECTROZONE cures quickly and permanently any form of Kidney ailment.
EXECTRO3ONB MFO. CO. — Gentlemen:
ney Trouble I waa almost a wreck. A friend
bottle, which did ma much good. I got 3
of the disease left me. I now feel as though
suffering from Kidney Ailment
DE3 MOINES. April 13. 1300.
After ttv» years of terrible suffering 1 with Kld-
racommended ELECTROZONE. I procured a
bottles more and to my surprise all traces
I never was sick. I recommend It to ail womea
MRS. F. CROWELL.
ELECTROZONE MFG. CO.-Sirs: A severe
case of Rheumatism has caused me to suffer
for several years. But now I can say I am
completely cured after taking six bottles of
ELECTROZONE. When I commenced taking
the remedy my hands and limbs were swollen
In a terrible manner. I was unable to sit
down or get up without assistance. Walking
was Impossible. After having tried nearly
every medicine on the market I was about to
give up. ELECTROZONE was recommended
to me. I purchased a bottle and began to im-
prove after taking the first dose. Now I am
as well as I ever was in my life. I am now
enjoying the pleasures of an active life. I
don't believe other people afflicted with Rheu-
matism would hesitate to use this remedy if
they really knew how effective It is. Yours
respectfully. F. H. OSGOOD.
PATERSON, N. J., May 2S. 1900.
ELECTROZONE MFQ. CO. : I am a physician
of 35 years' practice. I have used and pre-
scribed ELECTRO7jDN"E with good results for
Rheumatism. Stomach Troubles. Kidney Ail-
ments and Blo<->4 Diseases. I have had patients
come to me that had riven up all hopes of
recovery. To all these obstinate cases I pre-
scribed ELECTROZONE. I have yet to learn
of a single case undertaken that it has not
cured. It is truly a wonderful remedy. I
recommend It to the afflicted.
Da GEO. W. STERLJNO.
NEW YORK May JO. 1900.
CHICAGO, April 13. JDOO.
KLECTnOZOXE MFO. CO.: I have been ths
victim of disease for years and at times had
almost wished that death would end my suffer-
ing. My trouble was Rheumatism and Stomach
Trouble. Remedies and doctors did me no
Rood. ELECTROZONE gave me relief aiisrot
immediately after taking, and after using sev-
eral bottles I was completely ctired. It tru^.
worked like magic with me. as I had give.
up all hopes of even temporary relief. I nov
enjoy life and wonder why other people suffer.
H. S. BROWN, 87S 46ta Street.
A Woman's Eyes
¦Will tell her love, though every other
feature be hidden under the oriental
Yashmak. A woman's eyes are equally
eloquent as to her health.' She can teach
her lips to laugh in spite of pain, but the
eyes •will never be partner in that deceit.
Deep hollows, dark - — ¦
circles, wrinkles at ¦ jffWfc I
the comers, tell Xt^^'nES^L
and sleeplessness. J^^§t^J!^& I
Much of the nerv- r py?22«SS5s?'J
cmsaess, sleepless- j jf^jf^tt*) €**
cess and suffering -Cj'^ u
in general, endured (\t/SyC\ ry^
caused by a dis- JPuV^fey &f? gft t jgM
eased condition of £ v/f '^fi'VCt T\. Kg
the vrorrianly or- \:J- ' L\ •'<:' \* \t y$l
Siseased condition rt : l S 111 I I iYj
is cured there are jfi-.j \\\\ I 1\Jh
no more hollow, if # \')£^^«^>t3t^»i
dark ringed eyes. *^*K@)^^3p^§S
Dr. Pierce's Favor- f£ -fe3OT^^*»al
ite Prescription ' jl~BT"@^»^/»*£is3
inflammation, ul- S'-j e^^^t^T^«wj!
drains, strengthens $W^^^^
Sd a^r Tu° M^m$m
mother health for her duties, and happi-
ness in their performance.
"My niece was troubled with female weakness
fcr about four years before I asixd for your ad-
vice," writes Mr. T. W. McGregor, of 6ad St. and
Princeton Ave., Chicago, Ills. "You advised her
to t*ke Dr. Pierce'* Favorite Prescription, which
she did faithfully for nine months, and sow we
roust acknowled je to you that she is a well ¦worn-
an. We cannot thank you enough for the cure.
We have recommended your tnediciae to all our
friend*, and believe it to be a wonderful dis-
covery."
Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser, paper
covers, sent free on receipt of 21 one-
cent 6tamps to pay cost of mailing o
The cloth-bound volume for 31 star
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Bufialo, N .
r«iiri iRl A TT ¦ r> & M Is a much dreaded disease. Few afflictions are worse, the patient being in almost constant
&C Iri &- 1 14/13 A V H*^r»/1 i'ain. Symptoms: In an attack of Acute Rheumatism, as of the knee Joint. r'T example.
¦ %l B Lv IT I Am I B V_JITB there is redness, heat, pain and sweil.nj. inflammation.with considerable fever, high pulse.
flushed cheeks, coated tongue, headache, loss of appetite, nausea, constipation, etc. Chronic
Rheumatism consists of pains, lameness and stiffness of the different joints and other parts of the body. The pairs are gen-
erally worse at night, commencing on going to bed; the joints are often swollen, but not so much as in the acute form. \%hen
the patient remains at rest for a trme he will have pains and stiffness in the affected part, which will disappear arter mov-
ing about for a time. The cause of Rheumatism Is impure blood, the pains being the result of uric acid conditions. ELEC-
TROZONE neutralizes this acidity, and by removing the cause it cures Rheumatism quickly and permanently. Obstinate
cases of years standing that have received little or no relief from other remedies have been cured in a short period or time
by taking ELECTROZONE.
Letters received daily from all parts of the United States from people who have endured intense
suffering and are now enjoying perfect health.* They willingly join in praise of this marvel-
ous curative, ELECTROZONE, a liquid internal remedy of unequaled merit, possessing
greater curative qualities than any other remedy known to the civilized world.
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF DISEASES THAT ELECTROZONE CURES,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IjyiiliiiiniiiillillHIliilMM"Deacon" Jones, the little darky who
has been arrested numerous times, ap
peared before Judge Fritz yesterday en sl
charge of carrying a concealed weapon
in the shape of a revolver. He was ar
rested Sunday night in front of B'nai
B'rith Hall while drunk and raisins a
row. The revolver was found on him
¦when searched. He asked for a continu
ance till to-morrow to bring witnesses as
to his character and the Jmige so ordered.
"Deacon" Jones in Trouble.
The President. Washington, D. C: Governor
Gage. Federal Judges and expert physicians and
bacteriologists have decided that plague never
did and does not now exist in this State* Fed
eral courts ordered quarantine of Chinese quar
ters raised and. enjoined Klnyoun, Federal
Quarantine Officer, from prohibiting Asiatics
leaving city. Notwithstanding this injunction
Kinvoun yesterday quarantined State and is
sued order prohibiting ratlroads from selling
transportation tickets to points outside State
and steamship companies from selling transpor
tation tickets to coastwise ports In State unless
passengers procure from Kinyoun certificate
that they are free from infection or plague or
danger of conveying same. This order, while
general terms, was intended only to ajyly to
The second letter was from the Chinese
Merchants' Exchange of this city and was
as follows:
The President, Washington. D. C. : Dr. Kln
youn, the Federal quarantine offlcer of this
port, claiming to act- under your authority, has
unreasonably and unnecessarily quarantined
this State In opposition to my full and fair re
port to the Honorable Secretary of State, un
der date of June 14. 1&00. and also— among other
things — in opposition to the opinion of Judge
Morrow of the" United States Court, rendered
yesterday, dissolving the quarantine.
Through Dr. Kinyoun's conduct In the past,
as well as his present action, the reputation of
the State, the rights of citizens, as well as the
rights of foreign subjects, are outrageously im
paired. *.
I am Informed that Dr. Klnyoun transmitted
dispatches yesterday to Washington through of
ficial channels wherein are contained unwar
ranted statements and Improper reflections. He
has been advised by the United States District
Attorney that his course Is unjustifiable and he
refuses to withdraw his last order of general
quarantine without further instructions from
Washington.
On behalf of the people of California. I re
spectfully protest against his actions, and re
quest immediate relief for the people of this
State, the traveling public and the commercial
Interest of the coast. Your most obedient, hum
ble servant, . HENRY T. GAGE.
Governor -of the State of California.
Before the welcome news was received
yesterday from Washington that the na
tional authorities had taken steps to stop
the outrage committed by Dr. Kinyoun's
arrogant action two letters of importance
were sent to President McKinley. One of
these epistles was from Governor Gage
and Is as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, June 16, 19C0.
VIGOROUS APPEALS
TO THE PRESIDENT
With regard to the rumor of the existence of
bubonic plague in your city this office is not
responsible for the report. Respectfully yours,
J. J. KINTOUN. Surgeon M. H. S.
Dr P. K. Watters. Watsonville. Cal.— Dear
Doctor: * In response to your verbal request ot
this date relative to an Inspection made by my
assistant. Dr. B. J. Lloyd. M. H. S.. I tak»
pleasure in infonninjr you that his report states
that the health of the town is excellent and
there was no case of bubonic plague nor anv
evidence of the disease existing at the time of
his inspection. The health of the people so far
8 s could be ascertained was excellent. Only
one death had occurred among the Chinese pop
ulation for six weeks, and that was from cli
rhosls of the liver.
Dr. J. J. Klnyoun, the discredited quar
antine offlcer, Is as eager now to make
amends for his outrageous actions as he
was before to enforce his arbitrary and
unwarranted commands. When he 'placed
the State under quarantine rumors,
adroitly circulated from his office, were
given out that a suspicious case of plaguo
had been discovered at Watsonville. The
Call Instituted an Immediate investiga
tion and proved the gross injustice of the
rumors. ¦ '
And now Dr. Kinyoun. in the follow
ing letter. 13 forced to admit the fact:
Office of Medical Officer In Command. Marine
Hospital Service. San Francisco Quarantine:
San Francisco. Cal., June 18. 1300.
GROSS SLANDER
ON WATSONVILLE
and districts provoked a spirited discus
sion. D'Ancona wanted the resolution re
ferred to a committee, but Brandenstein
opposed the reference and advised Instant
action. . :'¦-'.'¦ . .
"We want to advertise the fact, said
Brandenstein, "that the Board of Health
has specifically and emphatically declared
that there Is no occasion for a quarantine
at the present time."
Tho ordinance was then unanimously
passed to print.
Mr. McCarthy is of the opinion that the
Board of Supervisors was bluffed Into
serving the ends of the Board of Health,
and he minces no words in saying so.
"When they came to us at the meeting of
May 29." he said last evening, "they told
us that if Chinatown were not quaran
tined the whole city would be quaran
tined, and that It would be better for the
city to have the Chinese kept in detention
than to have the whole population placed
under the ban. They had used the same
argument on the merchants and the mer
chants came to back up their demand, so
we agreed to It. "We did not know at the
time that they had been to the Governor,
or at least that the State Board had been
to the Governor, and that he had abso
lutely refused to consider a quarantine of
the city.
"They knew that without the Governor's
sanction they could not be quarantined,
but Ftill they came to us and threatened
us with a quarantine of the city If we did
not allow them to tie up Chinatown. \v e
passed the order under the impression
that we were saving the city from a great
deal; we did not know that the city was
In no danger and that the Board of Health
was forcing us into supporting them by
a threat they knew was a hollow one.
"My resolution asking the Board of
Health to resign is gaining in strength
and it will not be long before it passes.
A week ago I was the only one to vote for
it; this week I have five votes, and I
would have had two more, only when I
asked for them those two men said they
had appointees working in Chinatown and
they were not going to vote against their
Interests. ¦
"The whole thing has been a bluff even
so far back as last March. In March, when
we fought against giving the Health
Board all the money they thought they
could possibly use and reduced the
amount to $20,000, Williamson said to one
of the Supervisors: 'They have Oriental
plague In Honolulu now; take care that
we don't get it here.' It was a threat, for
In a few days after the Board of Health
reported their first case."
•
ASHLAXD, June IS.— The quarantine
against San Francisco on account of bu
bonic plague at the State line has been
declared off by the Federal authorities
and Drs. McfSeer and Cross, acting ..jslst
ant surgeons Marine Hospital service,
have been recalled, they leaving Ashland
for San Francisco at noon to-day.
OREGON BORDER
FREE TO TRAFFIC
Permits were issued by Kinyoun'a clerks to
persons who had been associating In business
with Chinese continually. The people of tho
State and the Chinesw nave been Irreparably
damaged and this action of Kinyoun is a fur
ther unnecessary and unwarranted Injury. V>'e
trespectfully petition your Excellency to pre
serve us from further Injury.
CHl'E YET. CHINESE MERCHANTS' EX
CHANGE, 723 Sacramento street.
Asiatics, as hundreds of thes» certificates were
issued yesterday to all persons other than Asia
tics without physical examination or Interroga
tion as to whether they had been exposed to
contagion or infection, and all applications by
Asiatics for permission to travel wer* arbitrar
ily refused.
I F DR. KINYOUN IS TO COMPLY WITH ANY ORDERS," SAID JUDGE MOR-
I ROW, "HE IS TO COMPLY WITH THE ORDERS OF THIS COURT. I DE
SIRE TO STATE THAT. NO AGREEMENT OF COUNSEL CAN REMOVE THE
CASE FROM THIS CALENDAR. IT MUST REMAIN HERE TO BE DISPOSED
OF, AND THE DEFENDANT MUST ANSWER WHETHER OR NOT HE HAS
DISOBEYED THE ORDER OF THIS COURT, AND IF HE HAS DONE SO HE
MUST BE PUNISHED. NO CONTINUANCE WILL BE RECOGNIZED THAT
CONTEMPLATES A DISPOSITION OF THE MATTER UNTIL SUCH TIME AS
IT WOULD BE SUPPOSED THE COURT\WOULD OVERLOOK THE OFFENSE.
THERE IS NO HIGHER POWER OR AUTHORITY IN THE WORLD; THERE
IS NO APPEAL FROM IT."
"I would suggest," said D'Ancona, "that
the board investigate the authority of Dr
Klnyoun in quarantining the State. Aside
from the question of the existence or non
existence of the plague, I believe that
Kinyoun had no authority to interfere In
State matters unless ordered to do so un
der some rule or regulation issued by the
Secretary of the Treasury."
Brandenstein desired to introduce a res
olution calling upon Kinyoun to explain
his position. , but it developed that the
board had no power to act in the prem
ises. . .
The ordinances repealing ordinances 84,'
85, 87 and 89, ¦ providing for the quaran
tining of certain persons, houses, slacea
The motion to suspend the rules was
lost, Fontana, Helms, McCarthy and
Reed alone voting aye. The resolution
was referred to the Committee on Judi
ciary after D'Ancona opposed the refer
ence to the Committee on -Health.
"The Board of Health has placed itself
In a peculiar position to say the least. By
its questionable methods In declaring 1 the
existence of a plague, which to my mind
and in the opinion of a large number of
citizens, never existed at all; by the se
crecy which characterized its every move
and the fact that the assistance of medi
cal men was never asked;, by its establish
ment of a reckless quarantine, which has
done incalculable injury to the commun
ity; for all these and many other reasons
I say that they are a discredited body and
they ought to resign of their own accord
Instead of being called upon to do so. .1
move that the rules be suspended and the
resolution be taken up for immediate ac
tion." ¦..;> .
Resolved, That the Board of Health no
longer has the support and confidence of this
Board of Supervisors, and for the best interests
of the community at large we deem the re
moval of its members from their office nec
essary, and the Mayor Is earnestly requested
to see that their offices are declared vacant
forthwith.
In presenting his resolution McCarthy
said:
Whereas. The recent quarantine has been
held to be wrongful and oppressive, the Chinese
people may have a claim against the United
States Government for a violation of their
treaty rights, which may amount to hundreds
of thousands of dollars and which eventually
this city may be called upon to pay; therefore
be it
Whereas, It now appears that the State
Board ot Health could not quarantine this city
without the sanction of the Governor, and the
Governor had already refused to approve such
a measure, therefore the argument that the
entire city was In danger of quarantine was
maliciously and falsely made to this Board of
Supervisors as the Board of Health at that
time well knew that the State Board of Health
had tried and failed to quarantine this city, ow
ing to the good common sense of our Governor;
and
Whereas, The said Board of Health used
as an argument before this Board of Super
visors, to induce this board to authorize them
to quarantine the CTilnese quarter, the asser
tion that if the Chinese quarter was not so
quarantined, then, and in that event, the State
Board of Health would quarantine the entire
city, and they thereby Induced reputable mer
chants to appear before this board and petition
this board to quarantine the Chinese quarter
as the lesser of two evils, and not because they
believed there was plague in the city; and
Whereas. The. said Board of Sunervisors is of
the opinion that the Board of Health is com
posed of men who are ( not competent to rec
ognize bubonic plague, and have, failed to es
tablish their assertions that the said plague
exists in this community, although they have
had every opportunity to prove the truth of
their assertion both in court and out of it, and
instead of welcoming: the assistance and sup
port of the medical profession in a matter
of such grave Import to this community, have
conducted their alleged examinations In the
strictest secrecy, and by their acts proved that
they feared the scrutiny of medical men of
repute who are not looking for political fa
vors; and
Whereas. The said Board of Health, in
quarantining twelve blocks in the center of this
city, failed and neglected to Isolate the prem
ises wherein plague cases were alleged to have
been discovered, thereby affording' no protec
tion whatsoever to the residents of said dis
trict and by the general quarantine making it
impossible for the residents to protect them
selves: and
Whereas, The quarantine recently estab
lished by the Board of Health was a violation
of the rights and privieges of the people of the
Chinese race, for the reason that' It. was Im
posed upon the Chinese race only; and
A sensation was created toward the
close of yesterday's meeting of the Board
of Supervisors by McCarthy, who pre
sented a resolution calling for the resigna
tion of the members of the Board of
Health. The resolution briefly reviews the
flagrant attempt of the health officials to
fasten an epidemic of plague upon this
city. It contains a scathing denunciation
of the peculiar methods employed by them
and is in full as follows:
ASKED TO REMOVE
THE HEALTH BOARD
from going on the steamer to Eureka last
Saturday, because he had no health cer
tificate.
"I will give you one," said Judge Mor
row, and there was a general laugh.
The court then adjourned and a curious
crowd collected in the halls to watch the
crestfallen Kinyoun leave the courtroom.
He had lost entirely his air of superiority.
United States District Attorney Coombs
had prepared an answer to submit to the
court on behalf of Klnyoun, but, owing to
the sudden withdrawal of the quarantine,
he considered it best to ask the court for
more time in which to look into the mat
ter. The principal point made In the an
swer as prepared was that Kinyoun had
not violated the injunction. In that he had
not required health certificates of travel
ers who did not intend to go beyond the
State borders, although Klnyoun admits
sending the order to the Southern Pa
cific Company.
Mr. Coombs was not officially asked to
advise Kinyoun until 10 o'clock yesterday
morning. In speaking of the case he
said:
"I may now say frankly that I advised
Kinyoun on last Friday not to establish
the State quarantine, because it would bo
in disobedience of the orders of the court.
"The Federal ofllcern hare been
Instructed to consult me. I whull ad
vise with Governor Gage ns to the
inauKurntion of Rome syxteniH of in
vestigation. I Khali advise asralnst
anything? secret. Every Investiga
tion mast be open, wKU no star
chamber dlajjnowls. I have been
told that ten cased hare occurred In
about three months. AVhlle . China
men Jam themselves In n room like
sardines In a. box there never has
been a recurrence In a house of the
nninc malady of which one has died.
Thin, In the face of the unsanitary
conditions that breathe contagions.
This should be Investigated. It does
not appear to me that proper means
have been employed to prevent epi
demic, yet the disease has refused to
assert Itself as epidemic.
'•The conclusion of the pnblic
mind must be that the disease has
not prevailed here.
"The order of the court permits
the application of sanitary meas
ures In the bouses where suspected
cases have arisen. The proper pro
cedure would be to direct attention
to those cases and to those houses."
Mayor Phelan Called Upon to
Remove the Local Board
of Health as an Irrespon
sible, Incompetent Body,
Dangerous to the City.
Indignant Citizens, Irrespec
tive of Party or Policy,
Insist That the Perpetra
tors of the Outrage Be
Punished. .
DESOLVED, That the Board of Health no longer has the support and con- f
fidence of this Board of Supervisors, and for the best interests of the J
community at large we deem the removal of its members from their office j
necessary, and the Mayor is earnestly requested to see that their ofrices I
are declared vacant forthwith.— Excerpt from resolutions dis- |
cussed yesterday by the Supervisors. , i
PRESIDENT McKINLEY ANSWERS APPEAL OF
STATE AND RAISES KINYOUN QUARANTINE
The Nation's Executive De
clares His Conviction After
investigation That the
Plague Is Not in Califor
nia and Never Has Been.
Quarantine Officer, ReMed,
Discredited and Repe
ated, P.eads With United
States Circuit Judge Mor
row for Mercy.
THE President of the United States,
acting at the most earnest solicita
tion of a committee from the Cali
fornia delegation to the Republican
National Convention, has saved the State
from further outrage at the hands of Dr.
J. J. Kinyoun, the arrogant. Irresponsible,
power-blinded quarantine officer stationed
at this port. President McKinley has
done all in his power to avert the calam
ity which was rushing upon the State
through the outrage of Quarantine per
petrated by the underling of the Treas
ury Department.
More than that, the President of the
United States has declared that after thor
ough investigation and a consideration of
complete reports from California he is
convinced that there is no plague in the
State and never has been. This welcome
decision, which not only means incalcu
lable benefit to California but heralds to
all sister States that there Is absolutely
no need to be a 1 armed by the exaggerated
and unwarranted reports of a malicious
Quarantine apent. was made yesterday by
the President to the delegation headed by
John D. Spreckels.
The members' of the delegation present
ed the facts of the Eituation as all Call
fornians know them. Attention was di
rected to the Immeasurable harm' which
was being done by falsehood and malicious
misrepresentation, and when the Presi
dent had heard these facts he announced
his decision raising- the Quarantine and
clearing- from California as far as he
could the stain placed upon it by an ar
rogant and ambitious agent
This splendid victory was not the only
Incident of grave Importance during the
day. Dr. Kinyoun was taken before the
bar of the United States Circuit Court and
asked by Judge Morrow if he had any
reason to give why he should not be pun
ished for his flagrant contempt of the
court. Judpe Morrow was severe and left
no do'jbt in the mind of the derelict officer
that he will be severely punished If he
cannot clear himself of offense.
Kinyoun's arrogance had vanished In
thin air. Rebuked, discredited and re
puft&ted by his official superiors, stand
ing without support from any source, he
pleaded mercy on the score of ignorance.
His superiors had forced him to close his
outrageous bureau at the ferry, to with
draw his inspectors at the State lines and
to permit the people of the State to
travel ;is they please. The shamefaced
official whose lust for the exercise of
unauthorized power had reacted in a ser
ious charge against himself pleaded that
he was ready to obey the court In every
con:iriand. He was told that pleading
will not save him from punishment if he
has been guilty.
Quick to te complacent after being dis
credited. Kinyoun found no delay In seek
ing to repudiate the scandal against Wat
sonville which had emanated from his
office. He announced officially that the
little town is in a condition of perfect
health. He has now fortunately been re
duced to comparative harmlessness and
may return to his Angel Island menagerie
to take consolation with his guinea pigs,
mor.keys and rats.
The people of San Francisco are still
in a state of intense indignation over the
efforts of Irresponsible officials to bring
calamity upon them. This Indignation,
found expression yesterday in a resolu
tion Introduced at the meeting- of the
Board of Supervisors and demanding that
Mayor Phelan remove the local Board of
Health as an irresponsible, incompetent
body, dangerous to the city. This Board
of Health is the official creature of Mayor
Phelan and the Mayor has been proud to
the po'.nt of boasting that he Is respon
sible for the board's action. He is re
sponsible therefore for those actions
which made Kinyoun possible and then,
dangerous.
CALIFORNIA SAVED
BY THE PRESIDENT
WASHINGTON*. June IS.— Early this
rnorning John D. Spreckels announced
that he had received a dispatch from
Secretary of State Hay in response to the
one sent by him yesterday that the Sec
retary and President McKinley would
meet the-commlttee of the California del
egation on their arrival. The members
of the delegation chosen, namely, Spreck
cls, Rideout. Pardee. Spear. Cone. Van
Fleet. Polxotto. Rowell and Robblns, left
Philadelphia for Washington on the early
morning train.
Immediately after the arrival the com
mittee proceeded to the oflice of the Sec
retary of State, where they were re
cei%-od by Secretary Hay. The Secretary
was very much interested and concerned
about the matter and listened attentively
to the statement of the conditions by
Messrs. Spreckels. Rowell, Van Fleet,
Hideout, Spear and others. Mr. Spreek
r!s read the various telegrams received
br him and by Mr. Knight from the chair
man of the California State Central Com
mittee. Colonel George Stone and others.
Secretary Hay seemed intimately in
formed of the Eituation and said the Na
tional Government was somewhat embar
rassed in the matter by the illness of
Secretary of the Treasury Gage but
President McKinley had become much in.
urested in the matter and would take it
up immediately, as the entire Federal
Gov™nt recognized the necessity of
prompt action.
The representatives Immediately
proceeded to the White House,
where they were accorded a most
cordial reception by President Me-
Klnlry. The President expressed
deep concern nbout the matter, and
stated that quarantine matters cave
tbe Cover ciit considerable trou
ble. Mr. vprpokeln went over the
situation and the President nald that
the statements of the delegation
were in entire harmony with all
(hat he had bern able to learn upon
the subject.
The President stated that he had
been unable to find any evidence in
the various reports and statements
made to htm or the departiuents that
would warrant the conclusion that
there exists, or ever existed, any
plasue in San Francisco. The Presi
dent was niOMt pleased to learn from
the gentlemen personally that his
conclusions were supported.
lie also expressed himself as hnv-
Injr the utmost .confidence In the
Judicinent of JudK« Morrow. After
u«'liiu ov*r the matter. President
McKinley wive as his conclusion that
the quarantine wan entirely unwar
ranted and would be immediately
revoked, and ordered Instructions to
be at once dispatched to that effect.
Th* committee on their own behalf pnn
in behalf of the citizens of the State of
California cordlnally thanked the Presi
dent for his prompt and effective action.
The President informally chatted over
other matters with the gentlemen and
expressed a hearty desire to be able to
visit California. The committee returned
to Philadelphia on the evening train.
KINYOUN BEGS FOR
MERCY IN COURT
Dr. J. J. Kinyoun, the Federal quaran
tine officer, whose insolent and dangerous
irresponsibility has placed the Interests
of California In jeopardy, will not soon
forget his experience yesterday before
United States Circuit Judge Morrow. The
arrogant bearing of Dr. Kinyoun had van
ished. He stood before the Judge in a
courtroom crowded to the doors as an of
fensive, incompetent, injudicious meddler,
whose orders had been revoked by his
superiors at Washington. His brief au
thority has gone and he stood under the
scrutiny of the court on an accusation of
contempt.
He heard the scathing denunciation of
the Judge and listened to the judgment
that if he has by his wild, arbitrary ac
tions committed a contempt he shall be
punished by the court whose decrees he
Is accused of ignoring with the same in
solence as he has in malice and vlndlct
lveness ridden rough shod over the inter
ests of the people of the State. And as
Dr. Kinyoun listened he probably reflect
ed that contempt of a Federal court Is a
very serious matter, punishable by fine
and imprisonment which no appeal can
revoke. • '¦•. -;: '•¦•>
He pleaded, through his attorney, that
he had not knowingly committed a con
tempt and he received the ominous Infor
mation that his plea of ignorance will
avail him nothing. Called to accounting
for an unwarranted outrage he begged
that he be forgiven on the score of in-
this order to show cause. I desire
to stnte that no agreement of coun
sel ep.n remove this case from the
calendar. It .must remain here to
be disposed of, and the defendant
must answer whether or not he has
disobeyed the order of this court,
and if he has done so he must be
punished.
Judge Maguire said that there was no
Intention on the part of himself or his
associates to ask for a dismissal.
Judffe Morrow— Xo agreement of
that kind would be recognised by
the court. The continuance will be
recognized that contemplates a dis
position of the matter until such
time as it would be supposed the
court would overlook the offense.
The courj will exercise its power
without reference to cny RUKgestlon
on the part of counsel. The court
lias taken certain steps with respect
to the matters Involved in this case,
such as Injunction, etc. If, at any
tiiue It is desirable that there should
be any modification of the injunc
tion the- court is always willing-,
upon a reasonable showing 1 , to mod
ify an order. If counsel have any
doubt as to the limits of their au
thority, they ¦•¦must seek the inter
pretation ot the order from the
court -itself. There is no higher
power or authority In the world,
there Is no appeal from It. The de
termination , of the court Is final ' In
its Interpretation of Its 1 own orders
and' injunctions. This court la al
ways open, day and night, for the
purpose of making any reasonable
modification. Counsel have - no . au
thority to Interpret the orders of the
court. They may advise their clients
as to the scope of the order,' but that
is no excuse, .they -will be punished
Just the same.
Judge Morrow ordered Klnyoun ' to file
his return to the order to show cause
within a week, and Mr. Coombs said that
that would be done. • .* ..
J. C. Campbell said that he was stopped
competency in not knowing the effect of
the laws. He was given a week in which
to defend himself and when that time
expires he must appear again in court.
The courtroom was crowded with prom
inent citizens when Judge Morrow entered
and took his seat on the bench. All of tho
attorneys who have been concerned In the
quarantine cases since the beginning of
the trouble were present. "Dr. Klnyoun
entered the courtroom with United States
District Attorney Coombs, looking nerv
ous and troubled, and took his seat at the
table. There was a pause of several min
utes while the court disposed of some
minor matters and then Judge Morrow
announced that he was ready to hear the
contempt proceedings.
Mr. Coombs, appearing for Dr. Kln
youn, stated that Klnyoun was willing to
comply with the order of the court with
reference to all of his future acts and
asked that the contempt matter be held
In abeyance, Klnyoun having promised
to be guided In the matter by the opinion
of the United States District Attorney.
He added that Kinyoun is willing to act
in conjunction with the State authorities
and Governor Gage and to proceed ac
cordingly.
¦ Judfre Morrow, listened attentive
ly to this humble npoloey, and then
said, with an air of Rreat severity,
which Rcemed to wither the trem
blinjc Klnyount
•'If he 1m to comply with any or
ders he In to comply with the orders
of this court and the orders of this
court only." / •
Mr. Coombs— Yes, sir; Mr. Shortrldge
said he did not object to a continuance
for a week or ten. days, as he had under
stood that the quarantine had been raised
by higher authority than Klnyoun. .
Jadfte Morrow — The matter In
volve* the authority of the court,
mill no other authority or power
!ii(N nnythine to do wllh the pro
vecdingH of thin court. It la the
honndeo duty of the court to protect
itw . procemi) the procennes of thin
court must be obeyed. I should not
object, to a. reasonable time of con
tinuance In which to make return of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 19, 1900.
5
g _ J
j: Another opportunity this day only (Tuesday) to buy 5
g. Remnants of all kinds of U^ew Summer {Merchandise at >
| One-Quarter Off. j
g Dress Goods T^emnanis, Lace Remnants, S
g Embroidery Remnants, Veiling \emnants, \
g Wash Fabric Remnants, gibbon Remnants, *
j: Tapestry Remnants, Silk Remnants,
K Remnants of Scrims and Nets. >
| "Siuttgarter" Underwear f
| Sale. I
g Closing out our s entire stock of Ladies' and Children's "Stutt—
tf garter" Sanitary Underwear — Vests, Pants and Combination 5|
g Suits — at one-quarter off regular catalogue prices* \
fil Second Aisle — Left of Entrance — t ¦ J|
Ik* While Quantities on Hand Last. •' * C
g Men's Furnishing Goods. $
i| The balance of several lots of good3 left over from previon3 >
g sales— again price reduced to close them out at once, j
g White Shirts 25c (si^es 14 and i6\.) S
$ Linen Collars 25c dozen (sizes 14, /5J," 19 and 20.) jj
g • Golf Shirts 25o {si{es i4\to io\.) , Suspenders We* j
g (Mercerised Cotton Sox, 3 pairs 5Oc. 5
g 12-page fegl gJails** 2kix3 SWpJf R° a l Kid
*. Fireworks pF* ©ofltfleBi'Efcale fiazaar. r ™ %7%'n :< "
g dtaiogue. FORNIA . S larqest-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. * U50u jj
V .11
THE EMPOKITJM-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRUDGERY OF YE OLDEN TIME
Is what many women have tried to escape
and In doing so have sacrined their
hearts to Mammon. It might not mean
happiness, but it did mean emancipation,
from s!aver>". If they had only known
that a modern laundry equipped like the
United States Laundry was coming into
existence, where clothing, linen and laces
could be laundered at a low price to suit
the most fastidious, many a woman would
be enjoying love in a cottage.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street,
Near Powell.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 363 12th Street.
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIX by our lat*
scientific method applied to the gums. No
sleep-producing agents or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In Saa
Francisco having PATENTKD APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth.- and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set o£
teeth. $5: a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold Crowns. $3. Gold Fillings, $1. Silver Fill-
ings. 50c. All work done by GRADUATES
DENTISTS of from 12 to 20 years* experience,
and each department In charge of a specialist.
Give us a call, and you will find us to do ex-
actly as we advertise. We will telt you In ad-
vance exactly what your work will cost by tL
FKEF EXAMINATION.
f$Q Pl»ATEa I
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street.
SAN FRANClSCa
HOURS, 8 to 8*. SUNDAYS. 19 to 1
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
I'DATU Were successful at Norn* last
lYltUUn ye*r- All cther» failed. la oner»-
tlon dally. » Stevenson St.. d. 3".
SAND CE3TRIFU0AL PUMPS.
llfVCAV Cold dredging pumps. th» only
,1 4L IV Jun luccesaful pump manufactured.
""*" K5 Sixth «t.. Saa FrancUco.
BUR3fHAM-STANDEFORI> CO.. Washington
and M »u.. Oakland, or BuUdcrs* Ex.. a. T.
M'H v. EMPORIUM.United States Commissioner Heacock
will begin the preliminary examination of
Ernst Emmrick at 10 o'clock this morn
n,f o .?r the . c^ a £ge of defrauding the
8EK!?2S? e o l 3 o1S ment ot the Lnlted
Emmrick's Examination.
Hermann Lodge No. 145 (German) of the
Independent Order of Odd Fellows will
give a complimentary entertainment and
hop to it« friends in Eureka Hall Odd
Fellows* building, this evening.! This very
hospitable lodge has secured excellent tal
ent for/the entertainment of its gueats
and the committee will make this a most
enjoyable function. • -
German Odd Fellows.
. General Gomez seems to have had the same success
on the field of politics as he had on the field of. war.
His political opponents in Havana have utterly
routed him, but the old man is still talking.
Peter Morgan Ashley Smith Crane says he wants
a pension from the national Government. If the gen
tleman has gone thrdugh life weighted with that
name he is certainly entitled to some compensation.
C. N. Townsend, chief of the Fisheries
Division of the United States Fish Com
mission, now making his annual trip to
the Pribilof or Fur Seal I 9 land 3 . clellv-
A red^ an in *«estlng lecture before the
Academy of Sciences last evening The
lecture was illustrated, and made plain
the many wonders to be found In the
depths of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans
In the Depths of the Sea.
If reports from the Ukiah Asylum for the Insane be
true, the quarreling officers evidently intend to make
the institution all its name implies.
A local judge has decided that poolsellcrs arc
gamblers. The learned justice must base his opinion
on a conviction that even when the public has no
chance of winning it is still taking a hazard in a
poolroom.
Count Fcstctics has returned to civilization after
being wrecked for two months on an island of the
southern seas. The adventurous gentleman has at
least the satisfaction of knowing that his recent ex
perience was as nothing compared to the wreck of
bis reputation in a local divorce court.
Complaint Made to Board of Public
Works of a Foul Sewer
Outlet.
The Precita Valley Improvement Club
at its meeting last Saturday night elected
the following* named officers:
President, J. B. Vlzzard; vice president,
I). Goggin; recording secretary, D. E.
Goggin; financial secretary, H. , Young;
treasurer. Carl Peterson: sergeant-at
arms, A. McKcnna: executive committee —
J. T. Graham, S. A. Byrne, William Cra
ney, T. E.Curran, J. E. O'Brien. William
McCarthy, Joseph Powers, John Marlowe,
John Hayden and Ed Devlin.
A communication was forwarded to the
Board of Public Works drawing its atten
tion to the foul condition of a sewer out
let at Bryant and Army streets.
PRECITA VALLEY CLUB
- ELECTS ITS OFFICERS
United States Circuit Judge Morrow yes
terday dismissed the contempt proceed
ings in the matter of the national banks
against Assessor Dodge and issued a Der
petual injunction against the Assessor re
straining him from proceeding to collect
taxes on the shares of stock of the San
Francisco National Bank. First National
Ba i?!ft. Crocker- Woolworth National Bank
and the Nevada National Bank. This was
for the.taxes of 1899. The Injunction was
granted on the ground that the act of the
Legislature, approved March 14. 1SD9 wa*
not retroactive. There is another' suit
pending In the same court in the matter
or the personal property taxe3 of 1900.
Assessor Dodge Enjoined.
William J. Nixon. 713 Douglass; Alphcmse
Hirsh. 2214 TZr.ion; S. Green, 15 Powell; Pet^r
H. Scully 112S Green: A. L. Lux," 1214 Vallejo;
Edward Levtnthal. SrtG Turk; John H. Rrick
¦wedeL Larkln and North Point; Frederick II.
Butz, ?2S Hush; William Larkin. 434 Howari;
John W. Murphy. 40S Busth; Henry T. Olbbs,
33 Fremont; Kuicene N. F"rU«. corner Marcnt
avenue and Frederick street; I^wls U. Mead.
Hotel Bella Vista- Charles D. Zetle. 623 Pacine:
Hyman Wolf. 1447 Buchanan; William T. Kib
bler. 437 Larkin; Dr. Guldo E. Caglleri, liv,3
Filbert: Emll Bauer. 1S3S Geary; Frank 11.
Vail. 7it Market: Joseph R. L* Count. 533 Mar
ket; William J. OallaKhT. 704 Buchanan: I.
W. Hellman Jr., Union Trust Company; Wil
liam Huston. 9 Stevenson; William llinn, corner
Castro and Nineteenth; John A. Lynch. ISPS
Hyde: H. H. Young, 13(13 GouRh: Francis H.
Sheerin. 2?£S Geary: Isadore ZeUerbach. 41S
Sansome; T. J. Drury. 652 Oak; J. C. Lem
mer, 123 Fremont.
The New Grand Jurors.
•Thirty names for the new Grand Jury
were drawn yesterday and the prospec
tive jurors will be summoned to appear
before Judge Bahrs next Friday so that
the Jury of nineteen may be drawn from
them. The names are as follows:
WASHINGTON. June IS.— John A. Ben
son and Dr. Alice M. Glass of San Fran
cisco and George V. Cochrane and wife of
Los Angeles are at the Shoreham.
CAXIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
.Capitalists must have a good deal of confidence in
the invention to have provided money for construct
ing so large a ship. It is now about to be tested
and there is naturally a good deal of curiosity in the
To the general public the Zeppelin airship will be
more interesting than the big balloon. For its con
struction there was erected on Lake Constance a float
ing plant 450 feet long and 65 "feet high and the work
has been carried on with considerable secrecy. A re
cent description of the airship says it is 400 feet long
with a diameter of 58 feet. The exterior is aluminum
and the power is to be furnished by two sixteen-horse
power motors. It is stated that as a result of its 11,300
square-yard gas supply Count von Zeppelin's inven
tion possesses a carrying capacity of a corresponding
measurement. According, to the calculations of the
builder. Engineer Kubler, the entire weight of the
ship, including the crew, Idoes not exceed ten tons,
notwithstanding in length it measures the size of an
ordinary ocean greyhound. Included in this figure is
a water ballast of one to one and a half tons.
It is stated that if a balloon can be kept at a high
altitude for a considerable period of time the benefits
to science are likely to be large. Up to this time it
has never been possible to obtain continuous records
at very high altitudes of diurnal variations in tempera
ture, pressure and wind, and data relating to such facts
are desired by meteorologists. Captive balloons have
been found serviceable only at low altitudes and kite3
have never been kept in the air more than two days,
nor can they be kept that long at a uniform altitude.
So the big balloon is expected to prepare the way for
a considerable advance not only in aeronautics, but in
meteorology.
The balloon experiment is intended solely for the
purpose of determining how long a balloon may be
kept afloat. It is to contain no less than 300,000 cubic
feet of gas and will be therefore about twice the size
of the banoon in which Andre undertook to reach
the north pole. It is to carry five aeronauts and the
promoters expect it to maintain itself in midair for
ar least a week and possibly for ten days. At any rate
the aeronauts will not return to earth until the loss of
gas renders the balloon no longer buoyant.
WHILE we are making ready for the Presi
dential election, and the French are giving an
undivided attention to their exposition, the
German* are preparing for two important experiments
in aerial traveling. One of these is to be made with
the largest balloon ever constructed and the other
with an airship Count Zeppelin of the German army
has been constructing on Lake Constance, and \v*hich
is now said to be about ready for tile trial trip.
fj BALLOON AND AN 0IRSHIP.
Nobles of This and Other Cities
Have Planned a Grand
Excursion.
Islam Temple, Ancient Arabic Order No
bles of the Mystic Shrine, Oasis of San
Francisco, has planned a grand excursion
to Lake Tahoe, to leave this city on Satur
day next. This affair will be under the
supervision of the following named nobles,
who constitute the executive committee:
Charles L. Patton, Charles W. Decker,
W. H. F. Titus, W. W. Stpcker, P. S. Tel
ler. Robert Ash, E. B. Hindes. George F.
Neal, A. W. McKenzle, George E. Howe,
H. B. Ream, John Tonningsen, Frank W.
Marston and E. J. Benedict of San Fran
cisco; George H. Clark, H. E. Reid, L. F.
IJreuner, T. B. Reid and Charles T. Bar
ton of Sacramento; L. P. Degen, Charles
J. Heeseman. Patrick Cahill and A. P.
Leanh of Oakland; George B. McKee, S.
H Wagner and L. A. Spitzcr of San Jose.
The representatives from other cities fig
ure on the committee because the Shriners
resident there w^re invited to take part
in the grand outing. The party will leave
the Oakland mole on a special and will
stop at Sacramento, where Noble George
II. Clark, Mayor of the city, attended by a
hundred nobles with as many charming
ladies, will receive the pilgrims at the de
pot and escort them to the Golden Eagle,
where all will partake of a banquet and
a few glasses of zem-zem water. After
the feast there will be a return to the
train. At Truckee the train will stop for
breakfast, after which the excursionists
/Will be turned over to the Lake Tahoe
Railway and Transportation .Company,"
reachh»g the lake at 9:30 o'clock on Sun
day morning. The day will be spent in
sight-seeing and a sail around the lake. At
6 in the evening the party will start for
home. "Uncle" Hiram T. Graves, record
er of the temple, the lone fisherman of the
order, has planned to catch some Lake
Tahoe trout — with a silver hook.
SHRINERS' PILGRIMAGE
TO PRETTY LAKE TAHOE
Interesting- Papers Head at Their
Weekly Meetings — Reception
. to Dr. Rader.
The ministerial meetings held in the
Y. M. C. A. building yesterday morning
were well attended. Dr. Freedland read
an interesting paper before the Congrega
tionalists on "The Demand of the Times
In the Church and the Ministry.'" It was
announced at this meeting that the mem
bers of the Third Congregational Church
wotild tender a reception to their pastor.
Rev. William Rader, if the iatter's health
would permit his being present.
Rev. E. A. Woods gave his Baptist
brethren his impressions on the anniver
sary celebration recently held in Detroit.
In the course of his remarks he eaid that
ho was no longer an admirer of the ad
ministration, because of its expansion pol
icy and because the President or Secre
tary of War did not wipe out the "can
teen" system in vogue in the army.
At the meeting of the Presbyterian Min
isterial Union, Kev. John B. Worrall, D.
D., of Pullman, 111., who is now filling the
pulpit of Trinity Presbyterian Church,
read a paper on "Creeds." He said:
"A Christian creed is a statement of
what one or more believe the Bible
teaches as to God and divine truth. Such
a creed every student of the Biole must
nave. No man who loves his Bible and
studies it but will make progress In the
knowledge of what it teaches, and that
gives him his creed. If all the creeds in
existence to-day should bs abolished and
destroyed it would be only a little while
from the very necessities of the case, un
til new creeds would be formed."
Rolla V. Watt addressed the Methodist
ministers on the General Conference re
cently held in Chicago. It was announced
that the denomination would hold a
Pentescostal camp meeting at Beulah
Park, East Oakland, commencing Thurs
day evening, June 21. The meetings will
be under the direction of Rev. A C Bane
and the singing will be conducted by Rev.
C. E. Ross.
MINISTERS LISTENED
TO ABLE ADDRESSES
NEW YORK. June 13.— Dr. J. I* Howard
of San Francisco is at the Fifth Avenue;
N. D. Tobey of San Francisco is at the
Savoy; I. I. Irwtn of San Diego Is at the
Manhattan; H. Clay of Ventura is at the
Astor.
CALirOBNlANS IN NEW YOBK.
It is said that the harbor q£ San Francisco will soon
be the home port for the entire sailing fleet of the
United States. What a splendid opportunity this will
be for another quarantine officer, drunk upon au
thority, to strike a blow at the Union as well as at
California.
During the last few days the Governor has given
evidences of a wisdom that is as refreshing as it is un
expected in conjunction with theoutrageof the plague
scare. His Excellency, with an almost inexplicable
understanding of himself, declines to say anything.
The suggestion opens up a new view of the prob
lem of dealing with trusts. The struggle against such
combines will force the public into larger and larger
schemes of co-operation, and there is no telling tr>
what extenU the. stress of the struggle will force mu
nicipalities to undertake the task of providing for the
needs of' their people. -
The advocates of the city ice plant are not so
cialists. So conservative a paper as the American
indorses the scheme and gives it cordial support. It
argues that the proposed plant should be of suffi
cient magnitude to meet all the local demand. It
says: "A municipal ice plant designed merely to
supply the needs of the city government and the va
rious charitable institutions in the city wilL necessi
tate an expenditure wholly out of keeping with the
benefits that will be derived. The City Council should
provide a sum sufficient to guarantee the release of
the entire city from the grasp of this greedy monop
oly. By increasing the amount of the; proposed ap
propriation to $100,000 or $250,000 the Committee on
Police and Jail will evidence a proper conception of
the importance of the enterprise. Such a sum will
require but a small increase in the. tax rate, and it
will insure municipal competition with the ice trust
of such a nature as will virtually drive the heartless
and extortionate corporation from Baltimore."
At the present time the trust holds in its grip the
ice supply of New York, Atlantic City, Philadelphia
and Baltimore. The fight in New York may probably
break the power of the trust in that city, but that will
not help the others. In fact, it is feared that if beaten
in New \ r ork the trust managers will endeavor to
make up for what they lose there by tightening the
cinch on the other cities. By reason of that fear a
movement has been started both in Baltimore and in
Philadelphia to beat the trust, and in Baltimore it has
taken the form of a proposal to establish a municipal
ice plant. Such a movement is something of a nov
elty in the way of municipal enterprise, but ice in the
East is a public need, and the argument is that it
should be supplied by the municipality.
THE ICE TRUST IN THE EAST.
WHILE the exposure of the connection of
prominent Tammany politicians with the ice
trust has had the effect of reducing Tammany
to such a condition of depression that David Bennett
Hill obtained an easy victory over Croker at the
Democratic State Convention on everything except
the indorsement of Bryan, and caused a decline in the
price of the stock in the market, it has accomplished
little in the way of breaking up the trust itself or
causing a reduction in the price charged to con
sumers who' buy in small quantities. Moreover, the
evil effect of the trust is felt not in New York only,
but elsewhere, and in some cities the situation appears
even worse than in New York itself.
The Kinyoun who pleaded with Judge Morrow for
mercy is the same Kinyoun who attempted to ruin
California. There is somewhere a legal axiom that
the punishment ought to fit the crime.
There is another feature of the situation not to be
overlooked. Ever since the Oregon election showed
that Bryan has less strength on the Pacific Coast than
he had in 1896, the Democratic managers have been
working hard to devise some means of carrying New
York. Even the New York Journal, which the
Democratic convention at Sacramento accredited as
Bryan's organ, has conceded that without the vote of
New York Bryan cannot be elected. The Em
pire State is therefore to be the battleground of the
year, but with the nomination of Roosevelt on the
Republican ticket there can be no doubt as to the re
sult. If New York was ever in doubt on the ques
tion of sound money against free silver, it will be so
no longer now that her favorite son is a candidate for
the Vice Presidency. McKinley and Roosevelt will
carry the country as surely as they carry the conven
tion. -:\ "•¦'.
Nor will his name be potent among the ardent only.
Roosevelt is a man of fine scholarship and a well
ripened culture. He has served faithfully in many
offices of civil life and in each has made his personal
influence felt in the direction of good government
and wise statesmanship. From his youth his career
has been steadily upward, and In the New York
Legislature, on the Police Commission, as Assistant
Secretary of the Navy, in the army and in the office of
Governor of New York he has proven himself fitted
to the performance of the highest duties of statecraft.
He will be supported therefore by conservative men
for the reason that should any unfortunate contin
gency deprive the republic of the services of McKin
ley during the coming four years Roosevelt would be
a worthy successor to the Presidency.
From everj- point of view the nomination will be
seen to be fortunate and appropriate. Roosevelt be
longs not to a class, but to the whole people; not
to a State, but to the nation. By birth and by resi
dence he is of the East, but in early life he came West
jnd identified himself with Western interests, just ai
during the war with Spain he raised his famous regi
ment of Rough Riders in the West and by .distin
guished service identified himself with Western valor
on the battlefield. His name will strengthen the
ticket not only in New York and New England, but
all over the glorious cewboy country, from Montana
to Texas, and the ardent youth of the land will be at
tracted by it from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
The movement which has brought Roosevelt, with
out solicitation on his part, to the nomination for the
second highest office in the republic, was not started
by a clique, engineered by bosses, nor pushed by a
faction. The forces behind it are the same as those
which four years ago assured the nomination ot Mc-
Kinley and make certain his renomination now. They
are forces that arise from the people themselves; they
arc the outcome of the demand for the nomination of
one whose past career has made him the logical can
didate of the office. At this juncture the country at
large recognizes that the nomination of Roosevelt
for the Vice Presidency will mean the right man at
the right time for the right place.
ALL reports from Philadelphia tend to the con
clusion that Governor Roosevelt of New York
will be given the nomination ior Vice Presi
dent on the Republican ticket, and that he will accept
it. He would prefer a renomination for Governor,
but will not permit his individual preference to lead
him to decline the high honor the party desires to
bestow upon him. His loyalty to Republicanism is
superior to his personal ambitions and it is therefore
fciriy well assured that the winning ticket will be Mc-
Kinley and Roosevelt on a platform of prosperity and
victory.
ROOSEVELT FOR VICE PRESIDENT.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. John Gallwey and wife, who have
been traveling in Europe for the past
year, returned home last evening. Im
paired health necessitated the doctor tak
ing a long rest and he finds himself much
Improved by his long trip. Everything of
interest in the old world has been seen
by the genial doctor and his friends can
count on many pleasant hours to be
passed listening to the doctor's description
of the sights witnessed on his travels..
The exposition at Paris was the last place
of importance visited.
E. T. Perkins Jr. and Irving TVallser,
members of the Geological Survey, who
have been in the interior of the State for
some time, are at the Occidental. They
are now on their way to Southern Califor
nia.
Judge C. X. Sterry of Los Angeles, at
torney for the Santa Fe Company, who
recently advised the officers of the com
pany to disregard Quarantine Officer Kin
youn's orders, is at the Palace.
Hamilton Smith, a noted mining en
gineer of South Africa. Is at the Palace.
He is en route for the Philippines to look
into some mineral discoveries there.
Dr. Sanford "Waiting, a prominent phy
sician of Portland, who made a record
with the Second Oregon Volunteers in the
Philippines, is at the Palace.
J. P. Fennle, a retired business man of
Memphis. Tenr., and his wife are guests
at the Palace.
J. D. Carr, a wealthy stockman and land
owner of Salinas, and his son are at the
Occidental.
L. L. Myers, superintendent of the North
Bloomfield mines. In Butter County. Is at
the Lick.
Chafles E. Wren, a mining man of Chi
nese Camp, Is at the- Lick.
F. B. Glenn of Jaclnto, a member of the
State Legislature, la at the Uck.
D. "W. J. A. Feralta of Fresno la at tha
Palace.
Lee L. Gray, an attorney of Fresno, Is air
the Occidental.
P. B. Frazer. a merchant of Stockton*,
is at the Palace.
RENO MARRIAGES AND
THE LAW IN THE CASE
The Call does not hold Itself responsible for the opinions published In this col«
umn, but presents them for whatever value they may have as communica
tions of general Interest. » • . .
Editor of The Call — I see by yotir columns that some lawyers have expressed
the opinion that Judge Belcher's decision as to the validity of a marriage In an
other State between residents of California who have been divorced within a
year, will be reversed by the Supreme Court. As it Is important to public morals
that Ignorant people should not be deluded Into Illegal marriages, I venture to
make some suggestions on the subject.
While it is true, as a general rule, that a marriage, valid by the law of the
State where it is contracted, is valid everywhere, even though the parties are
not residents of that State, that rule has at least one well recognized exception.
The capacity of a person to marry Is determined by the law of the State where
he resides; and the marriage in another State of one who. by the law of his own
State, Is incapable of marriage, Is void, at least in his own State. This rule ap
plies to a statutory incapacity after divorce, unless that incapacity is penal.
The only question, then, is, whether our statute forbidding the marriage of a
divorced person within one year after the decree. Is penal.
Under the law as it stood when that statute was passed, an appeal might be
taken from a decree of divorce at any time within one year. It has always been
the law of this State that no judgment or decree is final until the expiration of
the time allowed for appeal. It followed that. If the divorced person should
marry within that time, and afterward an appeal should be taken and the de
cree reversed, the marriage would be void. To prevent that shocking state of
affairs this act was passed declaring such marriages "illegal and void from the
beginning." The effect of that statute Is therefore merely to declare that a
decree of divorce is not effective for any purpose until the expiration of a year.
Such a statute is, of course, not penal. Every State has the absolute right to de
clare how and on what terms It will grant a divorce; and no such decree can
have any more force in another State than it has in the State where it was. ren
dered. It follows that such a marriage will be void everywhere, and that a Cal
ifornia court must so hold.
Since that act was passed the time for taking an appeal has been shortened
to six months. For certain legal reasons with which I shall not now burden you.
I think that that fact cannot change the effect of the statute In question. But,
even if it did, such a marriage entered into within six months would certainly
be void.
There are other reasons why I think that Judge Belcher's decision will be
affirmed; but the one I have stated is agreed to by all the courts, and I believe
it is indisputable. In the Interest of public morals every one ought to hope that
that decision will stand. It would be a shameful condition of things If thl3 State
should be held incapable of passing an effective statute against such scanda
lous marriages, and that her own citizens should be able to defy her laws and
flaunt their shame in the faces of those who obey them.
Until the question is decided by the Supreme Court, r should advise all per
sons of self-respect to refrain from contracting a marriage which may. and I
believe will, turn out to be void; in which event the other party will be at liberty
to repudiate it, with consequences too dreadful to be Ignored.
San Francisco, June 18, 1900. tV." B. TREADWELL.
RUSSIA— "I'd leave my happy home for you."
CHORUS, FROM BEHIND THE WALL— "Boo Hoo-oo-o-o-"
— Pittstmrs Dispatch.
Such is the record of the contrasted eras. Mc-
Kinley is no longer the advance agent- of prosperity,
for prosperity has come. In this campaign he stands
for the continuance of the existing order of things,
and surely there can be no considerable number of in
telligent men, not under the domination of an intense
partisanship, who will vote for. a change — and such a
change as Bryanism would bring.
As soon as McKinley was elected the situation be
gan to change. A new prosperity dawned upon the
people and rapidly brightened. As Senator Gallinger
points out, while Congress in extra session was pre
paring to revise the tariff and re-establish protection,
a great tide of money began to flow into the banks.
On September 30, 1892, individual deposits in the
banks of the country stood at a total of $1,765,422,983.
In October, 1893, with "tariff reform" impending,
they had fallen to $1,451,124^320. In December, 1897,
these deposits had gone up again to $1,919,680,252 —
reflecting the increased confidence and improved
earning capacity of the American people. The busi
ness of the New York Clearing-house advanced from
$2,589,348,832 in January, 1897, to $5,690,747,778 in
January, 1899.
The cause of the withdrawal of these vast sums of
money from the banks was the collapse of American
industry, the lack of work and wages, the fall of
prices^and the disaster that overspread the country as
a result of the overthrow of the protective system. It
was not the manufacturers only that suffered. All"
classes felt the burden of the bad times and none more
heavily than farmers who had been promised so much
of prosperity when relieved from the weight of tariff
taxation. Moreover "tariff for revenue" did not yield
even a revenue. The treasury of. the nation suffered
as well as that of individuals and had to borrow
money to meet current expenses. /
In the course of his argument Senator Gallinger
shows that in 1893, the year of the second inaugura
tion of President Cleveland, $34,518,091 was withdrawn
from the savings banks of New York State in excess
of the deposits. Business failures, which for the first
three months of 1892 had been 3207 in number, with
total liabilities of $35,861,749, rose to 3969 and $49,
085,088 in the first three months of 1894 and to 4512
and $62,513,826 in the first three months of 1896.
From May 4 to October 3, 1893, the American people
drew $378,000,000 from the national banks.
WHILE the tariff is not to have much considera
tion given it on the stump during the coming
campaign, it is nevertheless worth while for
voters to bear in mind the disaster that fell upon
the country when the sound policy of protection was
set aside in favor of an experiment with free trade. It is
therefore gratifying that? Senator' Gallinger of New
Hampshire has taken occasion to compile an elaborate
array of figures showing the striking contrast between
the conditions or the country during the two eras.
Once more the people have to. choose whether the
Government shall be in the hands of statesmen de
voted to policies whose value has been proven by ex
perience, or intrusted. to men whose opinions on all
governmental questions whether of tariff or of finance
are of the most visionary character.
TWO ER0S CONTRASTED.
TUESDAY JUNE 19. 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
tdd-e** «i Communications to W.S. LEAKE. Manager
HA\AGGR'S OKFICE^^^^^TelephoiieJPir^-^204
ta'|^CATION~OFFICIS..!tI«irket nnd TUrd. S. F.
Telephone Prc«« 201.
EDITORIAL nOOMS....2ir t» 221 Steve»«om St.
Trlrphoae Preii 2O2.
DelSrrred hy Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Mncl*- Copies. S Oat*.
Trrni I»y Mall. lacladlmcr Vomtm.il**
PATT.T CALL, rincluatng Sunday), on* FCT...V.. ..«.».«.»¦<<-*}
PAII/T CALL, (lncluflinr Sunday). C months J-M
J'AJLY CALL <lnclu<5!r.£ 6ur.day>. I month* »¦»
J»ailY CALI^-By einrle Month •**
fl'NDAT CALL On* Te«r ••••• J-g
WETKLT CAUL. One Vear I - e "
AH poitmuttra in ¦athoriied to recelra
• absrriptlono.
Sample ocplet will be forwarded whea requested.
Hall rub»crib#T«! In orderine ohang-e of address should b»
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt und correct compliance with tbelr rwjuert.
OAKLAND OFPICB 1118 BrM«w»J
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Mentjrer Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
CUmt DliUnot Trlepnoa* "Central 1113.")
KITW TOBS eOIUFtESPONDKXTt
C C CARLTON Herald Square
JCEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE: y
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribuns Building
CHICAGO NEWB STAXDS:
Sbaran Bocst; P. O. New* Co.; Oreat Northern Hotel;
Frcoost Hcum; Auditorium Hotel.
JvETW TORS NEWS STAXDS:
Waldorf-Astoria. Hotel; A. Brents.no. U tTzslom Sqoara:
Kim-ay HOI Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotsl
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspondent.
B HATCH OFFICES — K7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
entn it* o'clock. 190 Hayes, open until 1:30 o'clock. €33
McAllister, •pra until t:SO o'clock. SIS Larkin. open natfl
• :» o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpra until t o'clock. 10M Valencia, open
until I o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until I o'clock. KW cor
eer Twentr-tecend and Kentucky, open until I o'clock.
If the Board of Education were as slow to pay
its political debts as it is eager to enjoinschool teach
ers to meet their obligations, the danger of scandal
in the department would be very much less than it is.
outcome. It would astonish Paris if the greatest
marvel of her exposition should prove to be a visit
from a German delegation coming down from the
clouds in an airship of the proportions described!
Beyond this we should scrupulously avoid going.
Eeyond this we have no right to go, and right should
be the limitation upon national as well as upon per
sonal action.
For these reasons it may well be that our military
presence there in the midst of this profound disturb
ance may not only prevent the partition of China, but
may secure for us the lasting friendship of that em
pire, which will be profitably reflected in our com
merce.
Our own interests and safety, our peculiar position
in the world as a republic, with commercial interests
to care for and a policy of justice to maintain toward
the rest of the nations, require that we should let it
be plainly known at the outset that not only have we
no territorial aggrandizement in view, but that we
will not support any other country in the partition of
China. This country believes that the best interests
of civilization require that China shall remain intact
and that her polity shall be undisturbed. We want
peace there, orderly government after the system
familiar to the people and only such growth of West
ern arts and appearance of new wants as may be
ratural. There is a belief abroad that if England and
the United States stand for the integrity of the
Chinese empire it will not be disturbed. While there
is a perfectly justifiable flinching from any agreement
with a foreign power in the nature of an alliance, it
must be admitted that such an understanding and
joint action with Great Britain will not affront Amer
ican feeling, but will conform to the wishes of our
people.
China is the only country in Asia that promises
any significant results in the way of foreign trade.
This is because the Chinese are the only Asiatics that
are industrious. They work and they have that com
mercial ambition which seeks to produce a surplus
for foreign trade. The first problem with them is the
supply of foodstuffs. The vast population is almost at
the limit of the domestic food supply. Russia is about
to develop the last great wheat-growing area left on
the planet. Her fields in Southern Siberia are about
to pour a wheat supply into the world's markets of a
volume that cannot be computed. She will be our
competitor in China in the bread supply. She is no
doubt the leader in the desire to eliminate that Gov
ernment, cane up the country and Russianjze the
greater part of it.
Aside from any view of the abstract justice of such
a policy, it is opposed to our commercial interests.
It is to be regretted that the United States is at all
compelled to take any part in the invasion that is now
going on. But our participation seemed inevitable
and as it is unavoidable there should be from the be
ginning a clear understanding of what it means. This
is necessary to the end that the other powers may be
under no illusion as to our purpose and that China
may be well assured as to o\ir purpose.
The predatory nations are all too ready to make the
situation a pretext for getting a permanent military
foothold in the interior of China, preparatory to carv
ing up that empire and taking European jurisdiction
of the slices. The carvers will quarrel among them
selves over the choice cuts.
In China we have the religious complication in
acute form and the riots have caused attacks on the
missionary compounds and the murder of Christians,
foreign and native.
WHILE there is no doubt that the invasion of
China by foreign troops has inflated the anti
foreign agitation in that country, it may lead
to results beneficial to China and the world. Anti-for
eign agitations are by no means peculiar to China.
We have had them in very violent form in this coun
try, grievously complicated with religious prejudice.
There have been riots in France of which Italian la
borers were the victims and feuds between" Slavs and
Germans have been common in Austria.
THE CHINESE SITUATION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JlfNE 19, 1900.
6
Dr. Slegert'a Angostura Bitters, a pur» ve*«-
tabl» tonic, makes health, and health makes
bright, rosy cheeks and happiness.
H ii llver me< l'c'ne- A vegetable cur* for
Hver Ills, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation.*
Dr. Sanford'a Liver Invieorator.
Chicago and Return $72 50.
Tickets en sale June 21st and 22d. good for
return vrtthln seventy days. Only 6Di a hours
to Chicago, on the Overland Limited, via-
Union PaclHc Itollway. V. W. Hitchcock. Gea.
Azt.. 1 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
The case of JIasuji Mlyakawa, charged
with extortion, was continued yesterday
by Police Judge Fritz to Tuesday next,
there being no cJUclal stenographer pres-
ent. Chict of Police Sullivan sent a com-
munication to Mayor Phelan asking that
steps be taken to compel attendance of
stenographers when necessary.
No Stenographer Appeared.
Special information supplied dally to
business housen and public men by th<»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ?
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend' ».•
The California State Dental Association
will begin Itfl twenty-ninth annual con-
vention in the Young Men's Christian As-
sociation building this morning. Papers
will be read by Chcv E. R. Tait of Oakland.
Dr. A. C. Hart of San Francisco and oth-
ers. Clinics will be held during the ses-
sion to illustrate new methods in the ad-
vancement of the practice of dentistry.
Dental Association Convention.
AMUSEMENTS,
Calif ornit— "A Milk VThlU Fl««."
Tivoll— "Mafleleine."
Alcazar — "fapho."
Orrhfum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "A HomeFsua Heart.**
Columbia— Kellar.
Olymr'.a. corner Mason and Eddy Btreets— Specialties.
Chute*. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
e\-erlng.
Fischer's— "La Forza del Destine"
p-.itro Baths— Open NigfcU.Three Members of the Executive
Board of the Knights of Labor
Charged "With Trespass. »
WASHINGTON. June 18.— A special
meeting of the general assembly of the
Knights «f Labor, acting under a call of
Master Workman Chamberlain, began
Iiere to-day. The meeting had hardly set
tled down to business when a policeman
entered the hall and arrested Messrs. Par
dons. O'Krefe and Connor, of tho execu
tive board, and Martin. Healy. Daley and
Armftrong, on a warrant sworn out by an
employe of Mr. Hayes, charging them
with malicious trespass. They were re
leased on bail.
About two-thirds of the representatives
of rhe order we.re present. The commit
tee on appeals and grievances. It is said,
has decided to report in favor of expelling
Mcsfi-b Parsons and Conger for taking
the organization Into court to settle inter
nal differences^
Death of C. O. Cargill.
SAN JUAN. June 18.— Hon. C. G. Cargill
filed here to-day after a few days' illness.
Deoeased had served two terms in the
Legislature, besides having held the posi-
LABOR LEADERS ARE
ARRESTED IN WASHINGTON
Flames Spread With Great Rapidity
and the Fire Department Is TJn
able to Check Them.
BLOOMINGTON, 111.. June 13.— A great
conflagration is raging here and threatens
most of the business portion of the city.
Tho fire broke out in Green's wholesale
hardware store. That and the • Model
Laundry and Brand's furniture store are
t>lr<ady gone. The lire is sweeping west
across the main strret. The postofflee
building is threatened. The loss is al
ready f500,000. The KIre Department 13
powerless. The fire has crossed Main
Ftrcet to the west. The wind Is rising
Rnd there is no telling 1 where it may end.
Half of tho business portion of the city
is likely to go. The buildings now In
flames or destroyed are:
B S. Green Co., wholesale hardware;
Mod^l Laundry; Brand Company, furni
ture; Thompson & Co.. A Vincent and
Kohn, dry goods: PIxley & Co., clothing;
Miller & Sons, hardware.
Thf Dunley Hall building, owned by the
David estate, is in ruins. The fire is likely
to break out in any quarter. A strong
pale is springing up. The Mayor has
wired I'eoria ajid Springfield for help.
CITY OF BLOOMINGTON
THREATENED BY FIRE
MODESTO, June IS.— One of the oldest
citizens of the county, Joseph Domlnici,
swallowed a quantity of carbolic acid to
day, dying: shortly afterward. He was 81
years of age. No cause Is known.
Suicide of An Aged Man.
Fire at Vinton.
RENO, Nev.. June 18.— A telephone mes
sage from Vinton, Cal., to the Gazette
says the store of Stephenson & Botta was
burned last night. The fire was probably
of incendiary origin. Loss $6000; insurance
$3000. ki'>.y
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. June 18.— Anson
Phelps Stokes Jr., secretary of the Yale
Corporation and son of Anson Phelps
Stokes, the New York banker, has accept
ed the position of assistant pastor of St.
Paul's Episcopal Church of, this city.
Called to a Pulpit.
Henry Walter "Webb Dead.
NEW YORK, June 18.— Henry Walter
Webb died to-day at his residence at Scar
borough-on-the-Hudson. aged 47 years. He
was a son of the late General James Wat
son Webb and brother of General Ward
Webb and was a director in the Wagner
Palace Car Company, the National City
Bank and trustee of the Mutual Life In
surance Company.
Two Children Drowned.
EUREKA, June IS.— Two children were
drowned In the bay yesterday. They were
6-year-old Clyde Hall and 9-year-old Ar
thur Brand. The boys had been nlaylnj?
on a. log raft at Occidental Mill. No one
witnessed the ' accident.
Set Fire to Her Clothing.
WATSONVILLE, June 18.— Belle Ander
son attempted to~commlt suicide yester
day afternoon. She poured coal oil over
her clothing and taking a match deliber
ately set it on fire. Her cries attracted
the attention of passers-by, who tore the
clothing from her body, but not until she
was perhaps fatally burned. Although
yet alive the doctors pronounce her case
fatal. ~_~ ".
Dates of Trial Set.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, June 'lS.— The Superior Court
here to-day was busy setting criminal
cases for trial and hearing the defend
ants' pleas to charges filed against them.
Ttte trial of Pat Bradley, who about ten
days ago. hit Justice Caldwell with a can
In a fracas in the latter's newspaper of
fice was set for August 21. Judge Ham
will" have Judge Prewett of Auburn sit in
this case. • John Hiltel of Calistoga, who
Is charged with arson, entered his plea of
"not guilty." The case will be tried July
10 Bradley is out on bonds. Hiltel's bail
was fixed at $1500. He is still in Jail.
Ames Case Heard.
Si>ecia.l Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June 18.— The writ of
mandate applied for by Charles Ames
against the Town Trustees of Sausalito
came up for hearing before Superior
Judge AnRellottl this morning. Ames is
the man who has sought for some months
to secure a poolroom license in the town
of Sausalito. The Trustees, however,
failed to issue one to him and he has
Fought relief in the courts. This morning
the Trustees demurred to this petition for
the writ, alleging that It stated insuffi
cient grounds for Its issuance. After ex
tensive argument the court' took the mat
ter under advisement and will render a
decision In a few days.
Fan-American Arbitration Idea En
lists Many Prominent
Public Men.
CHICAGO, June IS.— The Pan-American
arbitration movement for the establish
ment of universal peace between individ
uals and nations received new impetus to
night at Central Music Hall, when elo
quent orators added their pleas tor arbi
tration and spoke for a more complete
understanding between all sects, parties
and countries. Among the communications
bearing the best wishes for the movement
those from the following were read: Con
gressman David B. Henderson, May
Wright Sewoll. Governor Theodore Roose
velt. Admiral George Dewey, ex-President
Harrison. Sir Wilfrid Laurier, Premier of
Canada; Thomas B. Reed, W. Bourke
Cockran and Governor Hazen. S. Pingree.
President Diaz Bent a message of con
gratulation and felicitation through the
Mexican Consul. Scnor Felipe Btrriozabal,
but its reading was deferred until the
movf ment has become permanent, when
it will be presented to the new organiza
tion instead of to the provisional move
ment.
UNIVERSAL PEACE
MOVEMENT PROGRESSES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. June IS.— From what
is considered an official source to-day it
Is learned that former United States Sen
ator Stephen M. White will be selected
by the leaders of his party to place in
nomination "William Jennings Bryan at
the Democratic Convention that meets
next month In Kansas City. By his party
White is considered the foremost Demo
crat in the western section and as he
twice temporarily presided over national
Democratic conventions his executive abil
ity is recognized. The friends of White
go further.
They assert that If the West must fur
nish a candidate for Vice President, the
name of White will be presented and his
candidacy urged This programme Is In
keeping with the statement.? made when
Bryan, two months ago, visited South
ern California and became the guest of
Senator White. The opinion was then ex
pressed that Bryan extended his tour to
this section for the avowed purpose of
canvassing the situation with the pros
pective nominee.
Party leaders here say that the West
is in doubt and that to honor the section
weft of the Rockies will cause many of
the Western State3 to become doubtful.
WHITE SUGGESTED AS
MATE FOR BRYAN
tion of census enumerator and School
Trustee. He was a veteran of the civil
war and a commander of the Grand Army
Post here. He was a native of Vermont,
55 years of age and well known and highly
respected throughout the county.
*
Major Edmunds Dead.
HAVANA, June 18.— Major Frank H.
Big Blaze in ITew York.
NEW YORK, June IS.— The De Coursey
building, a ten-story structure at 676 West
Broadway, occupied by several retail
firms was damaged with its contents to
the extent of $110,000 by fire to-night.
BERLIN, June 18. — "We understand,"
says the Lokal Anzeiger, "that the Bun
desrath has not yet passed the meat In
spection bill. The Ministry of the Interior
is working on the regulations for the en
forcement of the measure, a task which
will require considerable time. After a
few more meetings the Bundesrath will
adjourn until tho autumn without action
on the bill."
Meat Bill to Lie Over.
BERLIN, June 18.— Emperor William,
according to the Lokal Anzeiger, will visit
Oberammergau in the middle of August
to witness the presentation of the Passion
Play, maintaining the strictest incognito.
Herr Johann Lang, burgomaster of Ober
ammergau, died to-day, as the result of
an operation. He formerly enacted the
role of the Christ and for one season
directed the production of the spectacle.
Kaiser to Visit Oberammergau.
Railroad Suit Opens.
EUREKA, June IS.— The case of the city
of Eureka vs. the Eel River and Eureka
and <he California and Northern railroads
was opened this morning. Almost the en
tire day was spent In examining- jurors.
The suit is to determine the validity of a
franchise granted the Eel River road by
the City Council last June, and the .Cali
fornia and Northern appears as inter
venor.
NETV YORK. June 13.— The examination of
C. F. W. Neely was postponed to next Mon
day.
WASHINGTON. June 18.-General Joe
Wheeler received his commission as brigadier
general in the regular army from President
McKlnley.
HAMBURG, June 18.-After grounding twice
on the way from Stettin, the new Hamburg-
American line steamer Deutschland arrived at
Swlnemunde.
NEW YORK, June 13.— It is announced that
Heldelbach. Ickelheimer & Co. will ehlD $2,
«J0 000 cold to Germany this week and the
National City Bank will ship $500,000 to Europe.
PARIS. June 18.— A dispatch from the French
Congo district announces that Chief Samory,
who for a long time was the most redoubtable
opponent of the French in West Africa, is
dead.
NEW YORK. June lS.^Tohn II. Fife, who
was a partner with William P. Petty In con
ducting the Metropolitan Hotel, filed a peti
tion in bankruptcy. Flfe'e liabilities are placed
at $370,576. with assets of $100.
HARRISBURG, Pa., June 18.— Governor Stone
has received no requisition from Governor
Beckham of Kentucky for the extradition of
ex-Governor Taylor, who is a delegate to the
Republican National Convention.
PARIS June IS.— The National Commissioners
to the Exposition inspected the American ex
hibits in the section of mines, metallurgy,
textiles, electricity, chemical industries, civil
encineerlng, transportation, liberal arts and
education. They expressed satisfaction at the
exhibits.
ST. PAUL, June 18.— Circulars announcing the
absorption of the St. Paul and Duluth Rail
road by the Northern Pacific Railway have
been published. June 15 a formal deed of trans
>r was drawn up and executed. The Northern
Pacific paid $60 for its St. Paul and Duluth
shares of stock, which was higher than the
market price.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., June 18.— The Supreme
Court denied the motion of the Denver Post
to strike from the court files the petition of
the Chicasro Inter Ocean asking to be made a
party defendant in the mandamus proceedings
of the Denver Post against the Associated
Press. The court refused to cavate the order
of June 14, making the Inter Ocean a party.
MILWAUKEE. Wis.. June 18.— The Interna
tional Mining Congress begins a five-days'
convention to-morrow. Uetween 100 and 150
delegates are expected, coming from all parts
of the Union, Canada and Mexico. A large
collection of mineral displays Is being installed
In the convention hall. The chief work of the
convention will be_the formation of a permanent
organization instead of the present unorganized
body.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
William B. Longwell, who was with
Mls3 Abrahams at the time of the acci
dent, was a witness before the Coroner.
The shock to his nerves has left him in a
condition where he remembers little' of
the accident. The facts brought out at
the Inquest were substantially those pub
lished In this morning's Call. The rail
road officials have notified the Coroner
that the company will pay all costs of
burial.
SAN RAFAEL. June IS.— At the in
quest held by Coroner Eden on the
body of Florence Abrahams, who
was killed yesterday by a train on
the San Anselmo trestle, the Jury re
turned a verdict of accidental death.
VICTIM OF THE RAILROAD
ACCIDENT AT SAN ANSEL
MO BRIDGE AND THE
YOUNG MAN WHO ESCAPED.
Augustine ha? had a wonderful life, and
up to a few days before his death he had
n^vfr known what it was to be sick or
Infirm, ar.d when finally compelled to take
to his bed he know that the end was near,
and sent for the members of his tribe, now
few in number, that he might be able to
lid them Kood-by. He died in the Catholic
faith and impressive ceremonies were held
at th«- ; time of his burial. In accordance
with the custom, his tribe members are in
deep mourning for a week.
He was a relative of nearly every "living
member of the tribe ovor which he has
been *so long a chief, and aped and de
crepit men who survive him declare that
h» was an oM man when they were being
tarried about on the backs of their moth
ers.
FAN DIEOO. June IS.— The oldest man
in the State of California died a few days>
ajro at the reservation of the Sequoia In
dians, in the eastern part of the county,
and news of his death was brought here
to-day. For nearly a century Augustine
has b*>pn the chief of his tribe, and the
records trive him an age close to 130 years.
Sj>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
According to the Tales of Members
of His Tribe He Must Have Been
at Least One Hundred and
Thirty Years Old.
Augustine, Aged Chief of
the Sequoias, Passes
Away.
DEATH OF THE
OLDES T MAN
IN THE STATE
MISS GENEVIEVE PETERS, CHOSEN BY POPULAR VOTE TO BE
QUEEN OF THE STOCKTON STREET FAIR.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, June 18.— Miss Genevieve
Peters will be the queen of the Street
Fair. The final vote this afternoon showed
the following totals: Miss Peters 89o2,
Miss Mamie Sievers 3526 and Miss Belle
Laogler 1691.
It is understood that Miss Peters will
ask her two competitors to become her
principal maids of honr.
Laundry Burned.
ST HELENA. June. IS.— The laundry
owned by Mrs. Drann and her son-in-law,
Frank Ernel, was totally destroyed by
fire just before noon to-day. The fire
started in the laundry, and before an
alarm could be turned in the whole build
ing was ablaze. The flames spread rap
idlv and consumed a large barn near by
and threatened two residences, which
were saved by the excellent work of he
Fire Department. The laundry had just
been fitted out with new machinery from
the East, all of which was destroyed. The
loss is about $1500, partly covered by in
surance.
Apartment House Burned.
NEW YORK, June IS.— Tho Miner
apartment house, a six-story structure at
Madison avenue and Sixty-third street,
was destroyed by fire this morning. Tho
property loss is $250,000. Only three of the
ten apartments in the building were occu
pied, but so rapidly did the fire spread
that many of the persons in the building
escaped "with difficulty. Several were
overcome by heat and smoke ana were
carried out of the building by the firemen.
Corporation's Ejectment Proceedings
Will Be Resisted by Miners.
DENVER. Colo., June 18.— The San Luis
Valley Sand and Mining Company, which
recently purchased Baca land grant 4, in
County, filed suit for ejectment
fnd damages in the United States Circuit
Counts-day against John T. Duncan and
others who are in possession of the min
ing town of Duncan, which is said to be
ocated on the grant. Duncan declares he
will fight before he will relinquish what
he considers his rights and it is said he
will be backed up by several hundred
hardy mountaineers, miners and. farmers.
The company which brings the suit is a
New Jersey corporation.
CLAIMS A TOWNSITE.
Thomas McNomee Shot and Killed
by Charles Hubbard at
Fort Yukon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C. June 18.-Charles
Hubbard shot and killed Tom McNomee
in a quarrel over payment of a debt or
$5000 at Fort Yukon. Among the papers
onthe body of the victim was a draft
dnwn on the Ban Francisco branch ofthe
Bank of British North America for JL>00.
QUARRE- OVER MONEY
ENDS IN A MURDER
Gems to the Value of Ten Thousand
Pounds Stolen in
London.
LONIX3N. June 18.— Princess Radzlwill
of Russia was robbed of Jewelry worth
£10,000 at her hotel on June 12. Among the
jewels were her historic rope of 150 pearls,
each weiphlnpr twenty-two grains, and a
bracelet of emeralds, the gi" of the Ameer
° f The 6h Pr n inces n s was about to 8 . t^ t t £|
Paris, but while at luncheon she left the
Jewels In their casos locked in her ward
robe. On her return she fbund them miss
ing. All efforts of Scotland "iard de
tectives have thus far proved unavailing.
Fortunately most of her diamonds were
in a safe at Coutts" Bank.
PRINCESS RADZIWILL
ROBBED OF JEWELS
A typhoon has washed out the road be
tween Tarlac and Manila, delaying the
arrival of the Ninth Regiment here for
probably a week.
The typhoon has caused the United
States transport Hanccck to return to the
bay, where she now awaits a moderation
of the. weather.
WASHINGTON*, June 18.— Fifteen hun
dred recruits for the regular army in the
Philippines are now being enlisted and
assembled in New York harbor and Co
lumbus barracks, Ohio, to sail on the
transports IJufford and Kilpatrick about
the first of November, to take the place
of enlisted men whose terms of service
will expire this year.
MANILA, June IS.— Thc\ entire-consular
corps at Manila called this morning to
pay their respects to the United States
Commissioners, headed by Juilgre "William
H. Taft.
. ¦ — • \
Entire Consular Corps Calls and Pays
Respects to the United States
Commissioners, Headed by
Judge Taft.
Road Between Tarlao and
• Manila Washed Out by
a Typhoon.
STORM DELAYS
OPERATIONS IN
PHILIPPINES
William Longwell, Her Companion, Is Still
Suffering From the Severe
Nervous Shock,
MISS ABRAHAM'S DEATH
DECLARED ACCIDENTAL
Miss GenevieYB Peters Victor in the Con
test fop the. Rogal Honors of
Lllu L.CL1 111 V Qli
WILL BE QUEEN OF
STOCKTON'S STREET FAIR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 19, 1900.
WASHINGTON. June 18.— The Comp
troller of the Currency has declared a div
idend of 6 8-10 per cent In favor of the
creditors of the Insolvent California Na
tional Bank of San Diego, Cal.
Dividend for Bank Creditors.
WASHINGTON, June IS.— By direction
of the President, Bngradler General Joseph
Wheeler was assigned to-day to the com
mand of tho Department of the Lakes
with headquarters at Chicago. He re
lieves Brlgradier General James F. Wade,
who has held that command temporarily
In conjunction with his regular command
—the Department of the Dakotas.
Wheeler Relieves Wade.
Edmunds of General Lee's staff died to
day of yellow fever. Mrs. Edmunds Is
reported to be much better. The town of
Quedmados has been quarantined apalnst
the barracks and no soldier Is allowed to
enter.
7
DR. HAIL'S REIN YlGOBATORgggS
Five hundred reward for any Kis^ jsfcjj
case we cannot cure. This secret B^S U
remedy stops all losses In 24 H J
hours, cures Emissions, Impo- M33S CEf
tenor, Varicocele, Gonorrhoea, frM wif
G>e't, Fits, Strictures, Lost U^J Uii.
Manhood and all wastinar effects J3»a •&
of self-abuse or excesses. Sent E0sKKSH&£2
Eealed, J2 bottle: 3 bottles. J5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. ?55 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
for vale at 10734 Market st., S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 223 Market.
bHlL nU I HL '-fHHti^S
Valises checked free.
AMUSEMENTS.
COUfMBSAaa
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Ertry Night, indndlag Ennd»y. M>tine» 8»tnrdty.
kellaR
THE GREAT MAGICIAN.
Presenting a "Wonderful Programme- of
MTSTIFTING MARVELS.
PRICES— Xc, S5c, BOc. 75c and $L
—NEXT MONDAY—
...HENRY
G NIGHTS-MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND
,q* * TTTRDA. Y
The Comedy. "MISS HOBBS."
Seats ready Thursday.
PHONE MAIN 633.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
Judson Brusle's Immensely Successful
Rural Drama,
A Homespun Heart
PRICES— 10c, Uc. 25c and 50c
Good reserved seat In orchestra Saturday
Matinee. 25c. . "¦- • ; \
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Monday evening:. July l^THE NEW
FRAWLEY COMPANY,. In Israel Zans-
wlH's Hebrew drama. "THE CHILDREN
OF THE GHETTO." Eale of seats com-
mences June 23.
T7TQPWFR'<5 CONCERT HOUSE.
rlbtrlLnD Admission 10c.
LAMBARDI OPERA QUARTET AND SIG.
ABRAMOFF, In Last Act of "LA FORZA
DEL DESTINO." Elizabeth R. Howry. Dra-
matic Soprano, and Isabelle Underwood.
Reserved Seats. Xc. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathlne from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c
Bathlns, Including admission. 23c; children. 20c.
ELECTRIC
w^s^^^^fw DLL 1 1
'SCJ^ 1 THIS BELT 19 WAR-
/jY*. rtnted to be the latest Im-
proved, most powerful and
In an respects the best now manufactured la
any part of the world. Ita equal does not exist.
The Galvanometer shows ita electric current to
be double that of any other. Easily regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest Improved attach-
ments. Special conductors and electrode*.
Double wire suspensory for men. It will cur*
any diseaa* on earth that It Is pc«slbl« to cur*
with electricity, and It cure* when others fall.
Buy no belt till you see "Dr. Plerct's."
"Booklet No. t." free at office or sent by mall
(or a 2-cent sump, tells all about It Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
62b Market Street,
(Opp. Palace Hotel). * SAN FRANCISCO
Eastern Office— New York Cltx.
AMTTSTfTV^ KN'I'fll
"NAPOLEON LOOKED LIKE ME."
Dunne. & Ryley's ALL-STAR CAST,
INCLUDING
MATTHEWS A BULGER. John W. Dunaaw
Mar- Marble. Walter Jones, Maado
Courtney and 30 others In
HOTTS BIGGEST SUCCESS.
A Milk White Flag
Next Week for toe First Time In Saa Frta<
Cisco. HOTTS Latest Play.
"A DAY AND A XIOHT."
SECONT> AND LAST WEEK
Of the Enormous Comic Opera Success.
MADELEINE
or THE MAGIC KISS.
Playing: Xlghtly to Crowded Houses!
Sunff by an Unrivaled Company, Includtng;-
EDWIN STEVEN'S. ANNA LICHTER, FER-
RIS HARTMAN.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
Next Week — Revival of the Operatic Gem.
—"THE GEISHA."—
Reserved Seats Are Now On Sale! !
POPULAR PRICES K and 50 ceita
Telephone Bush 9.
THE MOST ATTRACTIVE VAUDEVILLE
BILL OF THE SEASON !
CHARLES E. GRAPE WIN, assisted
by Miss Anna Chance & Co.
MUSICAL. DALE.
TAN & NOBRIGA CO.; THE MARVELOUS
MERRILLS; SYDNEY DEANE: McDONALD
BROTHERS; AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Last Week of
JOSEPH HART AND CARRIE DE MAR.
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony. 10c; opera, chairs
and box seats. SOc.
Matlneea Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
THIRD WEEK
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET.
The Rasing Sensation,
SAPHO!
Seats— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
' ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Beau Six Days ia Advance, at Box O£flc*
Oaix. ¦ . _. ...... __ ___
PALACE HOTEL
The high standard of excellence main-
tained by these hotels la recog-nlked and
appreciated by a discriminating; and fas-
tidious clientele who regularly make them
tbeir headquarters when In San Francisco.
Located In c\o*« proximity to Waoleialo
and shopping districts, places of amuse*
ment and with the further advahtag* of
having street cars to all points of interest
pass the entrance.
American plan. European plan.
GRAND HOTEL
Her helping hand is
always outstretched to
suffering women*
Remember this when
something else Is sug-
gested*
Mrs* Plnkham's ad-
dress is Lynn, Mass*
Lydia E* Plnkham's
Vegetable Compound Is
known wherever the Eng-
lish language is spoken*
Nothing else can possi-
bly be so sure to help suf-
fering women* No other
medicine has helped so
many*
If you have painful
periods, baokaohes or
any of the more serious
ills of women, write to
Mrs* Pinkham; she 'has
helped multitudes* Your
letter will be sacredly
confidential*
ore invited to write to
fairs* Pinkham for free
advice about their health*
Mrs* Pinkham Is a wo-
man*
f
To those who love literature this will be the most popular course
in the entire series. THE CALL has secured "literary talks" from men
and women who knew Longfellow and Holmes and Whittier and other
prominent American authors personally. The purpose of the course is
to present the men rather than their essays or poems. No set pro-
gramme has been arranged. The contributors^ — Rev. Edward Everett
Hale. D. D.; Thomas Wentworth Higginson, William J. Rolfe, Litt.
D.; Elizabeth Stuart Phelps, Harriet Prescott Spofford and Professor
Lewis E. Gates — have been asked to talk simply "out of the fullness of
their hearts." Their names are a guaranty of the delightful treat they
are certain to provide for Home Study Circle readers.
¦M.l ll'll M.I 1 I 1 1 1 I tl l.M»I..fr-M»M-M"l"M' M't I I I I I II I I I- T r-I-
Frank A. Vanderlip, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury; O. P.
Austin, chief of the Bureau of Statistics; G. Stanley Hall, president of
Clark University, and many other prominent authorities will contribute
papers for this course. The outline of topics is as follows:
1. Foreign Trade in 1800 and 5. Manufactures in 1800 and
19OO. 19OO.
2. Government in 180O and J Geography in 180O and 1900.
ft 7. Geology in 180O and 19OO.
8. Navigation in 180O and 10OO
3. Communication in 180O and g EdQcation 18OO and 1DOO.
19OO- 10. Surgery in 180O and 19OO.
4. Transportation in 18OO and n. Medicine in 18OO and 19OO.
19OO. 12. Chemistry in 18OO and 10OO.
VI. LITERARY TALKS AND REMINISCENCES.
This course will be enjoyed particularly by THE CALL'S large con-
stituency of women readers^ — the thousands of progressive homemakers
who are ambitious to add in every way possible to the beauty and at-
tractiveness of their home environment. The studies have been prepared
by Margaret Ainslee — the pen name of a widely known writer — and will
be embellished with many very unique and unusual illustrations. The
outline of topics is as follows:
1. Old Clocks and Their Makers. 5. Decorative Features of Home
2. The Evolution of the Piano. Interiors.
3. Tapestries and Oriental Rugs. 6. History of Embroidery and
4. Historic Desks, Chairs and Lace.
Bedsteads. 7. China, Pottery and Porcelain.
Y. COMPARATIVE STUDIES OF TWO CENTURIES,
F. Hopkinson Smith, Arthur Hoeber and other distinguished art
critics will write entertainingly of the art treasures exhibited in large
cities abroad. The course will be generously illustrated and will include
the following papers:
1. The National Gallery, London. 6. The Vienna Gallery.
2. The Louvre and Luxembourg 7. The Berlin and German Gal-
Galleries, leries.
3. The Italian Galleries. 8. The Dutch Galleries.
4. The Madrid Galleries. 9. The American Galleries.
5. The St. Petersburg Gallery.
IV. HISTORIC STUDIES IN HOME FURNISHING.
and Explorers. 8- 3^,. Di SCO verers and Explox-
4. Early Dutch Discoverers and ers of the Mountains and the
Explorers. Great West.
III. FAMOUS ART GALLERIES OF THE WORLD.
A continuation of Dr. Macy's popular papers, timely and very inter-
esting; illustrated with many portraits, maps and diagrams. The out-
line of topics is as follows:
1. The Last Whig Campaign. 8. The Reorganized DemocTatic
2. The Origin of the Republican Party.
Party. 0. Horace Greeley and the De-'
3. Thu Dred Scott Decision. mocracy.
4. The Douglas Democrats. 1O ' Disputed Succession. End of
b 6 w Cti0 Y £ 1860 ' »' 2ME; spoils Systenu
6. The War and Anti-War Par- 12> j^^cy Powe r.
• ties. ' 13. Tariff Ascendent.
7. Lincoln, Johnson and Recon- 14. Cleveland's Second Term,
struction. 15. Third Parties.
II, DISCOVERERS AND EXPLORERS OF NORTH AMERICA.
Half a dozen specialists in American and Canadian History will pre-
pare the papers for this course, presenting the following subjects:
1. Early French Discoverers and 5. Early Spanish Discoverers
Explorers. and Explorers.
2. Early English Discoverers 6. The Discoverers and Explor-
__^ -.,,„„ ers of the Mississippi.
and Explorers -
3. Later English Discoverers ers of Middle West>
_ The summer term will run from June 15 to October 14, presenting
six new courses, as follows:
I. AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
; ; 1 1 ; m-i-m
SUMMER READING
of the most satisfactory sort— entertaining and at the same time delight-
fully instructive— will be provided for CALL readers in the summer term
orogramme of THE CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE commencing
Friday, June 15. The list of contributors embraces the names of such
eminent writers as Rev. Edward Everett Hale.^D. D., Colonel Thomas
Wentworth Higginson. Elizabeth Stuart Phelps, Harriet Prescott Spof-
ford, Jesse Macy, LL.D., William J. Rolfe, Litt. D., and a score of other
prominent authorities.
ADVEBTISTSTVTTrrcTS.
Anita Cream is more than a softening, soothing prepara- 7 jH
tion. It is a medical compound which removes the blem- L»I
ishes that mar an otherwise beautiful : face. ' Unsightly
freckles, brown spots, liver patches, muddiness, pimples, - f|
tan and all other discolorations can be removed by a thor-
ough course of Anita Cream. It coaxes a new skin. The
old skin, with all its blemishes, will gradually come of! in unperceived
particles, thus leaving a new complexion as soft and beautiful as nature
designed it There is nothing in Anita Cream to harm the most deli-
cate skin nor to cause a growth of hair. Thousands of users have
FREE SHA1PL.E If vou cannot obtain Anita Cream of your druggist send
50c to uc Full pnrtlculara. Instructions and a free sample
\rfll be malted to any address upon receipt of 2c stamp. 'ANITA CREAM &
TOILET CO., 207 Franklin St. Los Angeles. Cal.
*«" > VSi'J>*'^*^^l reraedy for Gonorrhcsa.
V^9^«nßEß^gH Olest. SpormatorrhceJ
ifSf^ia 1 to 6 dayfc^M Whit 6», DDSttnrsl ,Ila>
SfMjff auranued H chargen. or any inflar^m*.
M*m) not to •triSton. tion, i irritation or ulcer*'
rLu. fttnaxi coougioa, tion o( nncom vatw
R^THEEVANSCHEMICHjRa br *9M9 M - Noo-««trlngen».
%^Si*\ v. " a 2S»I or sent ln Pl»>n wrsppor,
J^BSwSfcl ' ifi Sl l> 7 «xpre»». prepaid, fui
O Ctr*'4ii tr teat o& tHMAVACAVILIvE, June 18.— The orchardlsts
In addition to the plague scare have other
troubles. It Is impossible to secure suffi
cient help. A rancher yesterday was will
ing to give 150 girla, boys and men employ
ment for the balance of the apricot sea
son Probably several hundred hands
could secure steady employment. Unless
help Is obtained from the outside many
ranchers will suffer loss.
Laborers Scarce.
ST. PAUL, Minn., June 18.- The North
ern Pacific Railway Company to-day filed
with the Secretary of State a deed from
the St. Paul and Duluth Railway Company
transferring all Its property ro the Xorth
*rn Pacific. The consideration named was
$2,769,824. The Northern Pacific also filed
a mortgage on the newly acquired line to
the Guaranty Trust Company of New
York, to secure an issue of $20,000,000 four
per cent eold bonds. Of this amount only
$9,215,000 will be Issued at this time.
Railway Changes Hands.
Postmasters commissioned: California—
Palmdale. Katherine L. Bulkeley: Wood
bridfee. Frank Wilkinson. Postmasters
appointed— Hesperia, San Bernardino
County. Jessie F. Lewis, vice M. J. Rit
tenhouse, resigned.
WASHINGTON, June IS.— Pensions for
Callfornlans: Original— Abraham J. Crlss
man, Camptonville. $12; Ogden B. Phillips,
Corning:, $10; Charles A. Mercer, Valley
Springs. $C. Increase— Alfred Malpas, Los
Gatos, $8 50; Morgan Driggs, Needles, $10;
Henry L. McLain, Del Rosa, $10; Jonathan
Phelps, Verdugo. $12; Georpe A. Warner,
Sacramento, $10; Charles E. Cook, Los An
geles, $30. Widows— Carrie A. Hager,
Berkeley. $8; minor of Melvin Bailey,
Broderlck, $10; Emily C. Sperry, South
Pasadena, $8.
Orepon: Restoration and reissue — Hen
ri' L. Slocum, dead. Ashland, $12. Increase
—Louis Ulen, Ashland. $8. Widows—Ada
line J. Slocum, Ashland. $8.
Washington: War with Spain—Freder
ick Spencer, Vancouver, original. $72.
The postofflce at Oak Park will be dis
continued on June SO. the office to be made
a station of Sacramento.
Pensions and Postofflce Changes Re
ported From Washington-
Special Dispatch to The Call
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
SAN JOSE. June IS.— The California
Cured Fruit Association Is now a reality
and It will handle 80 per cent of. the prune
crop of the State the coming year. In
the maintenance of prices and taking the
dried fult product out of the hands of
speculators It will be aided by the Pack
ers' Association, which Includes nearly all
the large packers of the State. This de
termination to proceed with the Cured
Fruit Association was reached this after
noon after an all day and evening session
of the board of directors with the pack
ers. For the past few days things have
looked blue for the prune men, 90 per cent
of the acreage of the State not having
been signed.
The directors of the association state
this evening that SO per cent of the acre
age of the State* has oeen signed and over
90 per cent of the prune crop of Santa
Clara Valley. With these amounts they
believe they can maintain the association.
• The work of practical organization will
now be rushed so as to handle this year a
crop. Canvassers will be put out and it
is believed many more growers will join.
The year's prune crop will be an unus
ually large one and the growers realize
that without organization prices would
fall and they would be powerless in the
hands of speculators.
The meeting of growers to-day was the
most enthusiastic ever held in Santa Clara
County. Over 1000 persons were in at
tendance. C. D. Blaney presided as chair
man.
The enthusiasm was unbounded and
ended in one thousand growers parading
the streets with a brass band and carry
ing a transparency reading: "The Prune
Combine Must Go On." In this manner
the meeting waited upon the meeting of
the Cured Fruit Association directors and
the Packers' Association In the Board of
Trade rooms and urged the parties to con
tinue the fruit association.
To-day was the time set for the di
rectors to determine whether the associa
tion had secured control of a large enough
percentage of the prune acreage to war
rant them to continue.
Speeches were made at the meeting by
C. \V. Childs, Judge Archer. Rev. J. W.
Dlnsmore, J. D. Rad^ford and others.
They all advocated organization as 'the
only salvation for the prune men. It was
stated the full 90 per centof the prune
acreage sought had not been signed with
the association, but all were in favor of
the association going ahead and hand
iinjr what fruit it controlled. They
pledged their hearty support.
A committee who had been sent to see
L. Lion & Sons in regard to seeing if
they would sign their 200 acres with the
association, reported that Mr. Lion had
sold his prunes to A. C. Kuhn & Co., the
only packing firm out of the association
of packers.
The committee on resolutions reported
as follows:
At a mass meeting of fruit growers, bankers,
merchants and other business men held this
day, June 18, the following resolution was
adopted with sreat unanimity and enthusiasm:
"It Is our very decided Judgment that the di
rectors of the California Cured Fruit Associa
tion should now proceed to carry Into effect the
purpose of the orpanlzatlnn. It is our earnest
desire that they should do bo. and we pledge
them our most hearty confidence, In the under
taking, and further we believe that the emer
gencies of the case require that they go for
ward. -
This was adopted unanimously and the
following committee was N named to pre
sent It to the directors: C. D." Blaney,
chairman; E. T. Pettitt. F. M. Riphter,
K. F. lx>rd. C. W. Childs. Dr. J. XV. Dlns
more, Judge Hurlbert and J. TV. Dunn.
Then the matter of the growers escort
ing the committee came up and was car
ried with a hurrah. In a few minutes
money was raised for the expense. With
Colonel Whltton as grand marshal they
marched to the Board of Trade rooms.
The committee presonted their resolutions
and Vice President Henry addressed them.
The meeting severely denounced the ac
tion of Dr. Kinyoun in placing the quar
antine on the State, and a committee was
appointed to prepare resolutions along
those lines.
Action of Dr. Kinyoun in Quarantin
ing the State Denounced and a
Committee Appointed to
Act on the Matter.
Sceclal Dispatch to The Call.
Fbrmal Action Taken at a
Conference of Directors
and Packers.
CORED FRUIT
ASSOCIATION IS
NOW A REALITY
SAN JOSE READY FOR
SUNDAY-SCHOOL WORKERS
Gathering Promises to Be One of the
Most Important of the Kind Ever
Held in the Stae. .--/;
Special r>t*patrh to The Call
SAN JOSR. June 18.— All is In readiness
for the reception of the delegates to the
I State Sunday School Convention, which
' opens in the KJrst Methodist Church to
morrow evening. The edifice has been
j prettily decorated and the various com
; mlttcvs have opened headquarters In the
• lecture-rooms adjoining. The meeting:
j promises to be the greatest one of Sun
; day-school workers ever held on the coast.
L Mil ton Lawrence, the general secretary
j of the International Sunday School Asso
ciation, will be present, and lend a gruld
lnp hand, while Professor E. O. Excell of
v,mcago will have charge of the music.
J The delegates will begin to arrive to
morrow morning. A reception committee
will at once take them in charge and eee
that they secure quarters. An interesting
' programme has been prepared. The dele
gate? will be banqueted and entertained
and at the close of the convention—Fri
day—will go to Mount Hamilton or for a
drive about the county.
The convention wJll be called together
! to-morrow night by Rev. Eli Fisher, act
| ing president. The rest of the programme
i will be:
7-30— Praise service. Music In charse of Pro
i frss.r E. O. Exc*U of Chicago.
I fOO— Addr* 1 ** of welcome on behalf of the
' city P W Uurchard. Han Jose. Churches, K.
! F Mac'larfh D.D.. San Jose, president Paators*
! Union. Vou'nK People. Dr. C. IC. Fleming, San
i Joi>e. r#>^re^ntlng the International \ ctmg
I'eo/.le's Association.
n^ponsee— For the delegates.
I i.iit— OJTerinir. music. _•• •¦_•;¦
S-4&-Addre*!<. "Our Field and Our Work."
Marlcn Lawrence, Toledo. O., general secre
tary International Sunday School Association.
' Second version Wednesday morning, June 20.
j J> :0O— Bible etudy, Robert T. DonsaJl, Clndn
iiat:, O.
S:30— Paper. "Primary Work."
| 10-JO-Round table. "Primary Work," led by
'¦ Marion Lawrence.
j 11 :3o— Addrmss. "The Punday School Work
Among the Negroes," Rev. George Jackson,
San Joce.
U:li— Jubilee Quartet.
12 to l:3'>— Uecet'tlon and lunch at First
Prerhyterlan Church.
Third session, Wednesday afternoon, June 20.
l:»0 — Devotional services. Professor E. O. Ex
cell will lf*d the slntrtnc
2:00— F'aper, 'Intermediate Work." W. O. Dls
cto. San Francisco.
JOLTET. 111.. June lS.-Two of the three
rod mills of the Illinois Steel Company
resumed work to-day -after a shutdown
of several v.eeks. Between 600 ana COO
men were given employment.
Mills Resume Work.
'PIIlLALrt^LPHIA. June IS.— The British
cteamer Maryland from Ixmdon. which
arrived to-day, had en board Captain Rax
ter Us daughter and eight of the crew
cf th<> British schooner Nellie, who were
picked up P.t s*ea on June 11. The Nellie
was abandoned in a waterlogged con
<*) tJOTl.
Schooner's Crew Picked Up.
PBOEKDC, Ariz.. June 18.— night thous
and J-'ima Indians on the Gila reserva
tion, thirty mile* from Phoenix, are des
titute and ¦ iike number of Papagos are
on th»- verge of starvation.
S. - H. Mc-Gowan. sui>orir.ttndent of the
Phoeaix Indian Industrial School, has
boea directed by the Interior Department
to make an examination Into the condi
tion of tre Pimsis. He deeiares that the
sole HJvatfon of the Indians is in a Fed
eraj approprialion for the construction of
a ttorase rest rvoir.
"An appropriation of $33,000." said Mr.
McGowan, "baa been made for the re
lief of the, destitute Pimas. Rations will
b<? distributed before the end of the sum-
Kfr, but the appropriation will not pre
ciuce a recurrence of the famine."
INDIANS STARVING
Eight Thousand on the Gila Beser
vation Are Destitute.
HOME. June IS -In the Chamber of
Deputies to-day the Premier. General Pel
leux. announced that the cabinet had re
signed owing to a deadlock arising from
the opposition's uncompromising attitude
on the question of rules of procedure.
The Hou.se adjourned pending the form
ation vt u new ministry.
Opposition's Uncompromising Atti
tude on Rules of Procedure
the Cause.
RESIGNATION OF THE
ITALIAN CABINET
No Improvement Possible Until
There Is a Heavy General
Rainfall.
LONDON. Jur.e IS— The following dis
pau h has been received from the Viceroy
of India. Lord Curzon of Keddleston:
"The wetk's famine reports show a state
of general expeetaricy, pending the ad
vance of the monsoon, which has not yet
a;'jx ared. Heavy rain has fallen In Bur
mtih. and in the Deltaic and Central dis
tricts of Behar.
"On the west coast the monsoon cur
rent Is weak and has net progressed north
of Goa. nor penetrated to the most affect
ed region*, and the hot weather condi
tions still exist. Ther^ is no improvement
possible in thr- affected districts, nor any
decrease of numbers of the relief works
until there shall be a heavier general rain
fall. The relief total now reaches 5.&20,-
UKi persons."
SUFFERERS IN INDIA
AWAIT THE MONSOON
Tliirty-Five Officers and Four Hun
dred Men Fell in the Battle of
Beiuca Plain.
KINGSTON. Jamaica. June IS.—Passen
gers wrfco arrived from Panama on board
ih< British .-Tiamt-r Don. from Colon,
bring details cf the battle which was
fousht June 13 and 14 on the Eejuca
plain and Ar.irn Hill, between goverrt
meot forces composed of three battalion3
nuaibeririK; about ISM men and a force of
revolutionist* under General Belasaroe
I'arras. It is asserted that 400 soldiers
and 35 officers ot the government force
were killed and that the remainder of the
government army was divided.
The passengers of the Don further as
sert that General Parras addressed a
Utter to General Campos, the Governor
cf Panama, demanding the surrender of
the citv. adding that otherwise the place
would be taken by force. When the Don
left Colon. June 15. General Parras was
fifteen mihs from Panama, with 15OJ well
errn<Hl infantry "and COO cavalry. It was
believed that General Campos would be
compelled to surrender the city.
CRUSHING DEFEAT OF
COLOMBIAN TROOPS
There are in the Island fifty-seven towns
having a population of 1000 or more, the
total urban population under this defini
tion numbering 203,792. or 21.4 per cent of
the total.
WASHINGTON. June 18. — Inspector
General J. P. Sanger, Director of the Cen
fU s of Porto Rico, has Issued bulletin No.
1, giving itemized statements of the popu
lation of the island according to the cen
sus taken October 16 last. The popula
tion of the island as shown by that cen
sus was S)53,243, about nine-tenths of. the
population of the State of Maryland in
lSlrJ. From 1SG0 to 1877 the percentage of
increase in Porto Rico was 14.24; from 1S77
to 3&>7 it was 9.14 per cent, and from ISa*
to 1SD3 was 1G.20 per cent.
The present rate of increase Is about the
Fame as that of Ohio, Tennessee or the
Carolinas between the decade of l&iO and
1&"). Among the pixty-nine municipal dis
tricts Into which the departments are di
vided, seven decreased in population be
tween 1SS7 and 1SS3. As all of them lie on
the coast, the bulletin says, the coast dis
tricts as a whole may have grown more
slowly than the interior of the Inland.
The area of the island, including: the ad
jacent and dependent islands of Vieques.
Cult-bra, Mona and Muertos measured in,
connected with the census, is 3G!)6 square
miles, but owing to the imperfect surveys
in which mans of Porto Kico are based
there must be considerable and indeter
minate margin of possible error In any
fuch measurement. The island is about
three times the size of Long Island. There
are 264 persons to the square mile, the
density of the population being about the
same as in Massachusetts, twice that in
New York and thrice that in Ohio. It Is
more than seven times that of Cuba. The
least settled district has Jlfty-eiRht per
sons to the square mile. The people of
the lflar.d are in the main a rural com
munity. San Juan, with 32.04S. and Ponce.
j with L'7.f'£2, being the only cities exceeding
25. MO Inhabitants.
Coast Cities Comparatively Sparsely
Settled and the Island Is
Full of Small
Towns.
Bulletin Issued by J. P.
Sanger, Director of
the Census.
DENSITY OF
THE POPULATION
IN PORTO RICO
Plumbers' Strike Ended.
ST. PAUL. Minn., June 18. — The Jour
neymen plumbers, after an unsuccessful
strtKe for shorter hours lasting six weeks,
to-day formally declared the strike off.
For a period he wrote of his where
abouts, but all tidings ceased three weeks
ago. As his finances are in satisfactory
condition no reason, unless he was way
laid or Is sick at some interior point, can
be assigned for his sudden disappearance.
LOS ANGELES, June 18.— Charles T.
Henderson of Los Angeles, vice president
of the Juanlta Oil Company, who left this
city for San Luis Oblspo a month ago, Is
believed to be the victim of foul play.
Henderson left this city with a team and
buggy for the oil fields. He carried $200
in cash and several drafts to complete
pending business transactions.
May Have Met Foul Play^
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Left Los Angeles a Month Ago and
a T. HENDERSON MISSING.
The fire broke out at 2:30 p. m. and in
an hour the mine buildings were nearly
wiped out. At the shaft nouse the man
at the hoist stuck to his post In the face
of the flames. The fire reached him as the
last man came out. A fifty stamp-mill,
one of the most complete in the Terri
tory. Is a total wreck. The loss Is $100,
000. The Pearce mine is one of the great
£old producing mines and is owned by
Penrose and Buckman. It produced last
month $140,000. .
TUCSON, Ariz.. June 18.— Fire destroyed
Pearce mining camp Sunday. Oil was be
ing used instead of coal for fuel. The
tanks where the oil was stored become
Ignited and exploded, scattering fire all
about.
Hoist.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MINING CAMP BTTRNKD.
Heroism Displayed by the Man at the
9:00 — Teaching Sunday school lesson for June
24, Robert T. Bonsall.
10:00— Business; report of executive commit
tee. Earl S. Bingham, San Jose; report of
treasurer. J. V. Bacon. Oakland t, report of com
mittee on future work. Rev. C M. Walters,
Fresno; report of nominating committee, S. WV
Mack, Gonzales; election of officers.
11:00— Round Table. "The Home Department,"
Marlon Lawrence.
Sixth session. Thursday afternoon, June 21.
1:30 — Devotional service; Professor E. O. Ex
cell will conduct the staging.
2:00— Patx»r. "Normal Education," Henry T.
Plant, Saratoga.
2:30 — "Sunday School Progress," Rev. Alex
ander Henry.
3:30 — Children's rally, music by "Sunshine
Chorus" of seventy-five children; Illustrated
talk. "The Heart's Wash Day," Marion Law
rence.
Seventh session. Thursday evening-, June 21.
7:30— Praise service. Professor E. O. Excell.
8:00 — Address "Denominational Co-opera
tion," Rev. E. S. Lewis, D.D.
S:45— Address. "The Sunday School Teacher as
a Soul Winner." Marlon Lawrence; adjourn
ment of convention: delegates Joining hands,
singing "God Be With You Till We Meet
Again."
Denominational conferences. Friday morning,
June 22.
&:<"iO— Baptist conference. First Baptist Church.
Second and San Antonio streets, Robert T. Bon
sall. conductor.
9:00— Methodist conference, First Methodist
Church, Second and Santa Clara streets, Rev.
E. S. Lewis. D.D., conductor.
9:0i)— Presbyterian conference. First Presby
terian Church. North Second street; near Santa
Clara. R»v. Alexander Henry, conductor.
9:00— Congregational conference. First Congre
gational Church. Third and Pan Antonio
street*, Marion Lawrence, conductor.
9:00— Disciples' conference, First Christian
Church, South Second street, near San Antonio.
Rev. W. M. Smith, San Francisco, conductor.
THURSDAY MORNING.
3:00— Address. "Using; the Eye Gate in Teach
ing," Hubert T. Bonsall, Cincinnati, O.
3:30 — Sunshine chorus.
3:40 — "The Sunday School as an Evangelizing
Agency," Rev. H. H. Bell, San Francisco.
4:00— "Temperance Teaching —.the Teacher's
Opportunity and Equipment."' Louise M.
Thompson, Palo Alto, State superintendent of
Sunday school work of W. C. T. U.; "The Anti-
Saloon League and the Sunday School," Rev. J.
H Knodel.
Fourth session, Wednesday evening, June 10.
7:30— Praise service, Professor E. O. Excell,
leader
S:GO — Address, "The International Lesson
System," Rev. E. S. Lewis of Columbus, O.
S:3i — Offering, music.
8:45— Address. "Value of Association 'Work,"
Rev. Alexander Henry. Philadelphia.
Says the Advent of the Oceanic
Steamship Company Will Do
SIucL to Develop the
Trade.
*.
Special Dirpatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON*. Juno 1?.— J. iJamb Doty.
Consul of the United States at Tahiti, has
reported to the State Department regard
ing a.n American steamship line between
Tahiti and San Francisco as follows:
"During the extraordinary session of the
General Council cf this colony, which was
convened yesterday for the purpose, a con
tract was awarded to the Oceanic Steam-
Fhip Company of San Francisco for the
establishment ot a steamship line between
Tahiti and San Francisco for the trans
portation of mails, passengers ar.d freight,
ill- essential features of the contract are
• rollow:
'l-'or the annual sum of iy>.0'J0 franc*
'J30A f W in United grates goldi to be paid by
\he Tahiti Government, and exemption
from j«ort charges, the Oceanii Steam
ship Company is to operate an American
steamship oi about 8000 tons gross regis
ter, performing eleven round trips per an
num at an average speed of not less than
Xi\~ knots. The contract is awarded for
a period of live years frr.m the hrst voy-
Btfe. which is to be made not later than
November l. 1900. ar.d earlier if possible.
•"Ii is the purpos-e or this company io
use a tirst-class passenger steamship and
to make the service attractive in all par
ticulars; and ii is anticipated that this
will become a favorile route of travel
when the charm of the climate ar.d
Boenery of Tahiti be ome known.
"The Inauguration of this line will give
great impetus to I'r.i'.ed Stales tradf* with
Tahiti, aiiti. in general. Kith other islands
of EasK-rr, Polynesia. The Pacific coast
of the United States will be particularly
benefited, as perishable goods— such as
fruits, vegetables and meats— which now
are received exclusively from New Zea
land, will then cnu from San Francisco.
"For over thirty-four years a regular
monthly Failing vessel service has been
maintained befveer. Tahiti and San Fran
cisco. This direct means of communica
tion developed a trade, insignificant at
lirst. but amounting some ten years ago to
over B0 per cent cf the entire business of
this colony. Since then the proportion of
trade has remained about the same, not
withstanding the establishment of the
Steam Hr.e to New Zealand and the fact
that the sailing vessels are entirely inade
quate as a means of transportation be
tween this port and San Francisco.
"It may he predicted that if the Oceanic
Steamship Company continue* in this busi
ness for five years' the trade between the
United States and Tahiti will rot only ex
perience a great extension, but that the
proportion of value will increase from 50
to 75 per cent.
"The Union Steamship Company (Brit
ish i df New Zealand, which now operatfg
a steamer between Tahiti and Auckland,
has for Mime time past desired to extend
its service through to San Francisco, and,
indeed, at this moment it has a proposi
tion before the local Government offering
to perform the service for an annual sub-
Consul Doty Communicates
With State Department
on the Subject
REPORTS ANENT
NEW STEAMSHIP
LINE TO TAHITI
LONDON. June IS.— The Lourenzo Mar
ques correspondent of the Times, under
yesterday's date, says: Judge Van Leeu
wen. who left Pretoria with a permit from
the military government, is understood to
EFFORT TO INDUCE
KRUGER TO SURRENDER
loads of bar gold, valued at £5,000,000. with
President Kruger.
Mr. Steyn in his proclamation declaring
iht- Free State still free and Independent
says the fact that the army is yet In th£
field renders Lord Roberts' action con
trary to international law.
In a dispatch to the War Office from
Pretoria dated yesterday Lord Roberts
Eaytr that General Baden-Powell has just
arrived there.
LONDON*. June 19—3 A. M.— Lord Rob
erts, according to a Boer dispatch from
Machadodorp, sent a dispatch to Com
mandant Louis Botha on June 23, suggest
ing disarmament and complimenting the
bravery of the burghers. It was pointed
out that the surrender would be without
dishonor to the burghers and would pre
vent much suffering. General Botha ask
ed for a six days' armistice in order
to confer and consider. Lord Roberts con
sented to five days. Finally Botha de
clined to accept the proposal and hos
tilities were renewed.
The Boer commanders are retiring on
Mlddleburg. followed by the British cav
alry and artillery, occasionally - shells
reaching the rear guards. The Boers are
destroying the bridges and burning the
veldt behind them, carrying off provisions
aiid cattle and leaving the country barren.
Other advices from Machadodorp say
that ihe Boers have an abundance of
arms ar:d ammunition, with dynamite and
oxen, ar.d that they are preparing heavy
wagon trains for a retreat to the Lyden
burg districts, where the chiefs, notwith
standing rumors to the contrary, are pre
pared to make a stand.
The Boers continue to work the Bar
beton mines, says .a dispatch from Lou
renzo Marques, and there are eight car-
Prepare for a Retreat to Lydenburg,
Where the Chiefs Intend to Make -
a Stand.
have been the bearer of a verbal message
from the British authorities to President
Kruger to the effect, that if He would sur
render now he would not be sent out of
the country. Van Leeuwen was unable to
t-e« Mr. Kruger, but when passing through
Machadodorp. he told State Secretary
Reitz. The latter scouted the idea of sur
render. R. J. H. Fortulnhead of the
Transvaal secret service is taking to
Europe very Important documents.
OFFICIAL VERSION OF
THE ZAND RIVER FIGHT
LONDON. June 18.— A belated dispatch
from Lord Roberts, sent from Pretoria,
June 16, gives an official version of an
attack on a British post at Zand River,
June 16, by S00 Boers with three guns. It
says that .General Knox. with a mixed
force, drove off the Boeru, who left four
dead and four prisoners on the field. The
British loss was Major Seymour and two
men killed and nine wounded..
It Is rumored at Cape Town that Lord
Roberts is about to seize the Delagoa
Bay railroad at a strong strategic point.
NEW CAPE CABINET.
CAPE TOWN, June fS.— The new Cab
inet has been officially announced. Sir J.
Gordon Sprigg Is Premier and Treasurer;
J. J Graham, Colonial Secretary; Mr.
Rose-Innc-s, Attorney General; Smartt.
Department of Public Works; Sir Peter
Faure. Agriculture, and Frost without
portfolio.
MBS. BEITZ SAILS FOB ETJB0PE.
LOURENZO MARQUES, June 18.— Mrs.
Reitz, wife of the Transvaal State Secre
tary, sailed for Europe to-day, accom
panied by her family.
LONDON. June IS.— A dispatch from
Cape Town says it Is reported there that
President Kruger is in a feeble condi
tion.
KRUGEB IN FEEBLE CONDITION.
BOERS REFUSE TERMS
OFFERED BY ROBERTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JTUNE 19, 1900.
8
Now open and offering every charm to pleas-
ure and health seekers. Boating, swimming.
flshlcg, tennis, croquet, billiards, bowling alley,
golf links, good driving and saddle horses, su-
perior table. Campers' ticket from, San Fran-
cisco $3 00. Full Information at Traveler offlc«.
20 Montgomery st.. or B. DICKINSON. Les*e«.
Ben Lomond, CaL
IN THE SANTA CRTTZ MOXTNTAXM3.
ROWARDENNAN
Iron and Magnesia Springs. These celebrated
springs adjoin Bartlett Springs. Fishing: hunt-
ing; home cooking; good beds; JS 60 to *W week;
cottages for housekeeping. MRS. H. HOPPIN.
Bartlett Springs. Cal. UwV
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL.
Take Tiburon Ferry. 7:80 a. m., to Uklah.
and stage to
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
J9.5O round trip. Write for booklet.
J MARTENS, Proprietor, Bachelor P. O.
City office. 418 Pine »t. v..- , . . ->
PLANTATION HOUSE-^H 1^ 3 . ?o RO o£
stage line. Good trout fishing; plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties o»
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
J LUTTRINGER, Seavlew. Sonoma Co. or ap-
ply MR KRUSE. 207 Front st- for particulars.
CARLSBAD g^Kife 1 :
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Water*
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, k.Jn«y
and bladder afTectlons. Accommodation* nx»t
clas»: *10 a week: lighted by gas.
. W R McGOVERN. Kelaeyvtlle. Lak» Co.
IV THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA NE-
vada near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain,
oulet retreat; finest scenery, water, mountain
air fruit and all-the-year-round climate In Cal-
ifornia* Ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad 136 miles from Ban Francisco; $3 a
wwk- open all year: send for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.
The Place for Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
California and Larkln Ets.. San Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family HoteL
MRS. M. MERRY. Procrletresa.
THE WELLESLEY,
¦a* tocaloma, "sr
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations; reasonable rates; for families and par-
ties: fishing, bathing, beautiful drives to Bear
Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or Pacl't
shoe store. 324 Kearny st.. 3. F.
INDEPENDENCE L. f\ K. tZ.
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate,
fine fishing, excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak. no iwsts. An Ideal spot
for families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open Jiipe. 1. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMONS, Independence I.<ake, CaL
LA UK EL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place in Lake County t0
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing bowl-
circular to Lanrel p,;;. La ke County. CaL
Dr. C. C. O'DonnelFs Mineral Springs
At Glen Ellen la the best camping, picnic and
pleasure resort on the Coast. The greatest
remedy for lung disease, liver and stomach
complaints, rheumatism and catarrh In the
world; 4G miles from S. F. The 8. P. R. R.
and S. F. and N. P. R. R. *lve special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished:
rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oak at the
nark Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Fnquire of DR. C. C. O-DONNELL. ofnee 1D21H
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh, S. F. If
you want your health this la the place to go.
DR. MEYcRS & CO I \
Diseases and Weakness of Men. j
ESTABLISHED IN 1831.
Largest Medical Institute and Most
Extensive Practice.
731 MARKET STREET, BAN JRANCI3C0.
Bams Cure i. Sealed Trirate Book, Tit*
Ami lim'rMlit ,i~rikl iiiMiljiVi — .,r..i.-- 3
OR JORDAN'S GREAT^
*9!iSEU» OF ANATOMY*
§ (^ 1051 UABKET W. tit. 6±47ti, S.F. W. 4
\ £j . The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A J i.i»fl «g World. We»knetie* ct any contracted i
i & ?-! £?£$ d>ua<c p«-»i«lvrly cunxlhy ihe old»t
(5 ti *»"5 VjfTl Specialist en ih<- Couc EsC. 36 yew \ '¦
A JS^St A OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES |
\ BC^Vj^H Co3*ultstion free «nd strictly private. \
A I YS^Jj M 'tn nmeni personally cr by letter. A j 1
\ fl \r Si ii '^•rive Cure m every ea»e undertaken.
A m U lia Write for Bonk.PUlLOSUPBYef,
•' " I j" MftaBIAOE, MAILED FRIB. (AT
A tl 11' Tllulble book (ot m ' n ' ; (
7 Dll. JOBDAN& CO., 1051 Market Bt., 8. F. '
THE railroad between Lake Tahoe and
Truckee Is now running daily, trains con-
necting with East-bound Southern Pacific
trains In the morning at Truckee at 9:15, and
the West-bound in the evening at Truckee, and
are ready to receive passengers or freight to or
from the lake. For particulars apply to S. P.
Co.. ticket ofllce, or to D. L. Bliss Jr., superin-
tendent Lake Tahoe Transportation Company,
Tahoe City, Cal.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co. ; fine flehlnsr. boating, bathing- and
hunting; In tho heart of the mountains. The
best table in Lake Co. Address O. WEIS-
MAX. Mldlake P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS^ au% r «&
Springs; new management; a place of comfort
all eeasons; 46 miles from San Francisco, via
Tiburon Ferry. Railroad station on hotel
grounds; extensive swimming tank; $10 60 and
up per week; round-trip $1 10 on ' Sunday.
COOPER & STEWART, Agua Callente, Cal.
THE GEYScKS, &«'
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming, nshlngr,
hunting .and' livery. Write for pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMER. Manager.
HLAMATH HOT Sr#?7/VCS.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county In
California. Trout fishing — finest in the State —
Shovel Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting-
plenty of game In surrounding mountains-
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSOX BROS.,
Proprietors, Beswlck. . Slsklyou County, CaL
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
., A. DOLLilANN, Napa Soda Springs P. O.
IV, Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTION'S IM THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply t° GEORGE THOMPSON,
m Market st.. San Francisco.
Or BAXMMO CO..
222 South Spring St., Los Angeles. Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.. San Francisco
to Victoria. Vancouver. Seattle. Tacoma and
other ports of call and return. 11 days' trip.
San Francisco to Seattle and the Inland Pas-
sage to Skaguay. over the White Pass Railway,
down the Yukon to Nome, returning by ocean.
30 to 85 days' trip.
San Francisco to Seattle, thence per steamer
Senator. July 21. via Juneau. Skaruay. Glacier
Bay and the Inland Passage, in stijht of Mt.
St. Elias. via Unlmak Pass and Seal Islands
to Nome, thence to -East Cape and Siberian
coast, crossing the Arctic Circle and passing
Into the Arctic Ocean and return, about 40
Full particulars In pamphlet, entitled Alaska.
Excursions. Ticket office. 4 New Montgomery.
OCEANEXCURSIONS
You run a big risk in drink-
ing tea and coffee— they are
dangerous beverages.
Cof=farin
will prolong your life, strengthen
every bone, muscle and tissue in
your body and give you sound
digestion.
Most grocers sell Cof-farin.
Monterey County, Cal.— For health, rest,
climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-dat»
accoramudations; beautiful scenery: profusion
of flowers: hot soda, sutphur and electrlo
baths; swimming tank 30x50 feet. Our masseurs
are all srraduates. Hunting and flahln*: chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
dance ha'.l: large hotel and 30 cottages, afford-
ing fp«cial accommodations for families; ail
illuminated by pas. By train. Third and Town-
send streets. Fan Francisco, 9 a. m. : First and
Broadway. Oakland. 9:10 a. m. daily for Sole-
dad, then by stage over beautiful level mad 7
miles to spring*. Round-trip tickets. $S. at 9.
P. office. 613 Market street. Telephone and
postofflre. For tllustratPd pamphlets and fur-
ther Information address E. L. PERP.AULT.
M. D., proprietor and resident physician.
PAR4IS0 DOT SPRINGS, Carl8 A b^ r f sa .
• Stimulant, at any time.
Sold by all druggists. Refuse Substitutes,
MARIANI WINE-WORLD FAMOUS TONIC
Its good effects are immediate and lasting.
It Is also very palatable, agreeable to the
tftste and acceptable to the most delicate
stomach.
As an Appetizer, take before meals; as a
Digestive, take after meals; as a. General Tonic
VIN MARIANI
San Jose !s the centra' I 'ty of California, and
Hotel Vendome Is Its mo»: attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
in every resDect. with service unsuriJtaaed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery St.. San
Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL, Mgr.. Fan Jose. Cal.
Central California
?o*o*o^o#o*o*o*o*o*o*o«o*o*
t^S^MY »S HEALTHFUL! %
? filf A Natural Mineral "Water >
O 11$ V lth tnedicinal qualities. O
o IS For Indigestion and §
0 /•SpPk' Stomach Disorders, o
1 Mz^k so-" 11 * VICHY ?
? gPllpi IN SIPHONS %
% iy%^M Get the Gentilno $
o A. VIGN 1ER, Distributing Agent I
+C*O+O+0<tO+0«'W* »«»*0*<5*O*0»
COMPETENT MASSAGIST9.
Numerous Mineral Springs of w °n d " f ".
Curative Properties. Large Cool Rooms. Ugniec
by Electricity.
Call on LEE D. CRAIG. 516 Montgomery st
or address CRAIG & WARNER. Highland
SpringB, Cal.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
DANCING «lx nights of the week. GOLF.
Tennis, Bowling. Cement Swimming Tanks.
ACRES of Shady Groves and MiL.t-a 01
Shady Walks.
Finest Deer Hunting In the County. Hu "tlng
Horses and Guides. Hot Mineral and \apor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plungea.
OF STAGING,
AND ONLY f 8.00 FOR THE ROUND TRIP.
THAT WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
CAN YOU GO WITH ONLY IV* HOURS
WHERE
£*Oflittvel7 cured by tbese
Little Pills.
They also rtlleve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and. Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi.
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongut
Pain in the Side, TORPID IIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. •',
Small PIIU Small Dose*
Smatl P?lcQ»'
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTELiTo^Sop^o 9
Unequaled soda and magnesia waters. Good
for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. IIOWELL, Hopland
Mendoclno County. Cat.
ELMONTE HOTEL, Beautiful grounds.
™ at -nifli-i>iit view and flrat-class accommoda-
3SE? L^rge rSunn, room.. SpecljU rate, t,
famUles Free bus meets every trata; 6* mtk.
from San Francisco. Fare U t>.
SAFEST AND BEST INVESTMENT BEFORE THE PUBLIC TO-DAY.
PEOPLE'S MUTUAL TELEPHONE COMPANY,
CAPITAL STOCK $5,000,000. 50.000 SHARES OF $100 EACH-
Is tho owner of the most valuable Telephone Franchise In the
Un'ted States. v
Has 35OO contracts for use of its telephones.
Has assured net Income of over $100,000 a year.
CIVES c'ty FREE telephones arjd switching In all city offices; FREE Fire
and Police Department wires.
CIVES city telephooe users $2,000,000—20.000 shares of Its Etock. for using Its
phones- •
Charges lower rates" than Bell Cornpany. .
Will pay 10 per cent dividends on Its stock If supported by telephone users.
GUARANTEES that no assessment will ever bs levied on Its stock.
Will keep rollllons of dollars In. California that now go to Eastern capitalists.
ONLY 5OOO SHARES for s al«- for construction purposes, at $25 00 a share.
payable In njonthty Installments of $5.03. Last day for subscription Juna
20. 1900
Full Information furnished on application to
PEOPLE'S MUTUAL TELEPHONE COMPANY,
206 Sansomo Street, San Francisco.
TOURISTS can get first-class rigs from H. A.
ELDRED, Uklah. for oil summer resorts, at
reasonable rates. Eafle Stablea. TeL No. Hi.
MONTEYISTA OPEN MAT lat '- ton » ot
trated circular TH0 U: he ' P y0ur8eU: Ulus *
Flat. CalT 1 "' MAS E. MORGAN. Dutch
TltE Tallman House. Upper Lake. Home cook-
ing; reasonable rates. Headquarters for tour-
GLEN OAK3 RANCH — Nice surroundings;
comfortable rooms: good table; convenient
location. Address F. QUIEN. Glen Ellen. Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM- ig-KTS
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort aa well aa being a
fully equtpped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
KETSER £ WATSON. Hopland, convey tour-
ists to Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs and Lakeport. The best of turnouts.
WALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. First-class table
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water.
Rates 17 up. Send for circular. C. H. W
BRUNINO, Santa Rosa. Cal.
BOARD en a fruit ranch, ii per week: com-
forts of home and free drives: round trip from
Fan 5*rancisco J3- Address Redwood Height.
Occidental. Sonoma County. Cal.
SANTA CUCZ Mountains* — A quiet ranch, flv«
miles 'from Santa Crua; delightful summer
home in redwoods; running water; abundance
fruit, good table; terms $.". 50 week. Address
W CRANDELL. Santa Cruz, Cal.
¥ VJOI-lTil 1 L. Francisco, via the Big
Oak Flat route. Stages leave Chinese Station
on line Sierra R. R. dally. Round trip from
San Francisco $32. For further Information call
or address WM. J. WHITE. General Agent.
630 Market Bt., 8. F. : telephone Main 51S2
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights. b!W
llards lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly first class.
For term* apply to Mrs. P. J. MARTINA.-
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Located In the midst cf grand and Impressive
mountain scenery, with Mount Shaata
and the Crags for a
background.
FINE HUNTING AND FISHINO.
Unsurpassed cuisine and service and reason-
able rates.
RAILROAD FARE, round trip. Including
sleeper both ways. #14.
For rates, terms and other Information ad-
dress: E. B. PIXLET. Manager.
Care Pacific Improvement Company.
.Crocker Building. San Francisco.
Soda- Springs.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
And...
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
For further Information apply to
FRANK W. ELT, City Agent.
Tel. Red 2326. (.40 Market Bt.. S. F.
Ott» E. Never. Proprietor. P»s» Sables. C»l
CLEAN MUD
That cleanses the system of tainted
blood. Made of fresh soil and hot sul-
phur water, sent up from Nature' a store-
house, in the famous HOT MLB
BATHS at
Paso Robles Hot Springs
No winds, no fogs, no staging. Rates
for hotel, baths and physician. J10 to J21
a week. Ask or write for illustrated
booklet.
SPECIAL RODND-TRIP REBATE TICKET3.
The waters are noted for the'r thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead an I Mercuri.il
Poisoning. LJver and Kidney Otseaaej, Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and ccttages renovated.
Baths refitted and improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hun:!nsr and fish-
ing. No fogs. Une<jua!e<i for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. |12 to J14 per weelc. Train*
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. F.. 9 a.
m. and 2:45 p. m. dally. Carrlac<*s at Ollray
for springs. For illustrated pamphlets addrvsj
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
FAMOUS
Three miles from Uklah. Mendocino County.
i Natural electric waters, champagne baths: only
l placa In the world of this class of waters
i having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds; fishing and hunting: crystal spring:
accommodations and tabla first class. Opens
J. A. REDEMETER & CO.. Proprietor*.
VICHY SPRINGS.
O ~'X.'~m, The Sanitarium o
ByrOfl the Coast. Theb-^
., x physicians recom-
POl, mend jt as the onlv
m cure for rheumatism
SnflflflS anc * malaria.
vjpi •¦¦M^5 Address A. BETTENS.
Mgr. Byron Hot Springs. Cal.
City Office. Room 30. 3S Geary str°«t.
CI/JirrC HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
©1Y/\V1VJO County; only 4^ hours
from San Francisco ar.d but nine miles of
staging: waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural bath in State; grand mountain
ecenery. good trout streams at door: telephone,
telegraph; daily mail and express: I^RST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stages: round trip from
San Francisco cn'.y $3 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or S:30 p. m. Terms. |3 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of th« past
flva years; patronage constantly Increasing.
J. P. JIULGREW, Proprietor.
TIFULDivorce suits have been filed as follows:
Jennie L. Johnson against Frederick John
son, for failure to provide; Charles Pow
ell against Evelina Cantwell Powell, for
desertion; Samuel Lises against Fannie
Lises, for desertion; Marit Follls against
George Follls, for cruelty. Divorces have
been granted to Fannie Hughes from
Thomas Hughes for failure to provide; to
Anabell Batchelor from Robert Batchelor,
for neglect. Judge Hebbard has ordered
Isaac Joseph to pay $25 a month alimony
and $50 counsel fees to Henrietta Joseph.
The tortoise Is not an animal one would
naturally fix upon as likely to be afraid
of rain, but it is singularly so. Twenty-,
four hours or more before rain falls the
Galapagos tortoise makes for some con
venient shelter. On a bright, clear morn
ing when not a cloud is to be seen, the
denizens of a tortoise farm on the Afri
can coast may sometimes be seen heading
for the nearest overhanging rocks. When
tliat happens the proprietor knowd that
rain will come down during the day, and,
as a rule it comes down In torrents. The
sign never fails. • This presentation, or
whatever you may call It, which exists in
many birds and beasts, may be explained
partly from the increasing weight of the
atmosphere when rain is forming, partly
by habits of living and partly from the
need of moisture, which is shared by all.
If we want to find a country where na
ture has turned things topsy-turvy— that
is, according to our notion— we must go
to Australia. Many things are reversed
in that country. It is summer there while
it is winter In America. Trees shed their
bark Instead of their leaves; fruit has
the stone, or kernel, outside: swans are
black: there is a species of fly that kills
and eats the spider, and a fish, called the
climbing perch, that walks deliberately
out of the water and, with the aid of Its
fins, climbs the adjacent trees after the
insects that Infest them. When to this
we add that most of the birds have no
song and the flowers no odors It Is easily
seen that it is on the other side of the
world in more senses than one.— Atlanta
Constitution. :*. ; - ¦•-•? • ¦,: \:
Where the Tortoiss Is a Barometer
QUEER WAYS OF NATURE.
and Flies Eat Spiders.
' Flatt'f Crlorldss the B;?t Disisfcetint
for household uses. Odorless, cheap. •
Donald McVIcar, James Anderson and
Joseph Delamort, threa young men, went
into a restaurant at S Hayes street Sun
day night in an 'inebriated condition and
began to amuse themselves by throwing
bread at other customers. When the pro
prietor remonstrated with them he was
struck on the face with a hotcake and
a waiter was smeared over the head and
face with raspberry syrup. The trio was
arrested for disturbing the peace and ap
peared before Judge Mogan yesterday.
After the witnesses for the prosecution
had testified a continuance was granted
tiil to-morrow.
Victuals Fly in a Restaurant.
John Minton, a lumber longshoreman.
•5S years old, was the victim of a peculiar
accident yesterday forenoon. He was
standing on the stringer of the wharf on
Channel street, between Fourth and Fifth,
when he suddenly fell forward and off the
wharf. Before his body reached the water
hin head struck a floating pile and his
skull was fractured, causing Instant
death. - Witnesses said that the man was
sober, and it is thought that his fall may
have been due to a lit- of vertigo. Minton
was a native of Germany and married.
John Minton Killed by a Fall.
Charles Lee. a teamster living at 20
Moulton street, near the Presidio, had six
charges of petty larceny placed against
him at the City Prison yesterday on com
plaint of Captain Amos Kimball. commis
sary at the Presidio. Lee used to team
to and from the Presidio and stole va
rious articles which were found in his
house. He is awaiting preliminary exam
inations upor. a charge of criminal as
sault upon his stepdaughter, a girl 15
years of age. and that of assault with a
deadly weapon upon his wife.
Many Charges Against L*e.
Years Ago a Printer, Now
Owner of Theatrical
Enterprises.
JOHN M. DUNNE AS
ACTOR-MANAGER
SHIP OF FIFTEENTH CEN
TURY.
In July, 1535. with a fleet of three ves
sels, he again reached the strait of Belle
Isle and. passing to the north of Antl-
dian youths belonging to the Huron na
tion, and he seems to have met with a
hearty welcome from such of the Algon
kins as he met on the bay of- Chaleur.
Ice cream, for thpy thought I had stood
in with the landlady on this particular
occasion. 'When the remains of the last
course before cream were removed the
landlady rang the bell for the doxology.
In walked the waiter with a tray of sau
cers heaped up with white Ice cream. The
bock agent handed over the four dollars
to the blonde boarder and the refresh
ment was put out of sfght without any
remarks. The landlady, however, in clos
ing the Incident ?ai<l she hoped we all
liked the white cream, as the man who
usually delivered the hue which was her
favorite had left the wrong bucket by
mistake and she had not discovered it un
til It was too late.
"I showed no curiosity to know how I
had come to go up against the new board
er, but the book agent let It out one even-
Ing on the stoop that if he ever took to
gambling he would not bet with a man
whose brother held the cards. The blonde
boarder's brother was the deliverer of
cream to this house, and of course — -well,
you know blood's thicker than water.**
In the Carpenter Shop.
"Life for me Is a perfect bore.** said
the auger.
"I'm a little board myself." said tha
small plank.
"Tut, tut," cried the saw. "I go through
things just as you do. Life's stuffed witb
sawdust."
"You don't stick to anything Ions
enough to know what you are at." said
the glue.
"Regular grind." growled the stone.
"I agree with you." observed the bench.
"It makes no difference how well I do my
work, I am always sat upon, and I havo
only one vise."
"Let's strike!" remarked the hammer.
"That's right." cried the auger. "You
hit the nail on the head that time."—
Purdue Exponent.
_ _».
BET WITH THE NEW BOASDER
The Brooklyn Man Who Was Sure
the Landlady Would Stick to
Pink Icecream.
"When I feel the gambling instinct tak
ing possession of me now," said a Brook
lyn man who lives In a private boarding
house, "I get on my wheel and go out to
Coney Island, where I am not known and
go up against anything which strikes my
Fancy. 1 don't try making a winning ofT
the new boarder any more. I'm not smart
enough for that. The last new one at
our house had a manner and look which
would have encouraged a shellworker to
pick him out as the one altogether easy
in a thousand. I had done nearly all the
boarders from time to time in some inno
cent way, and when this chap came in I
spotted him as my meat. It was Satur
day. I remarked in his hearing in my off
hand, free and easy speech, that I would
bet $2 that I could call the turn on the
kind of dessert we have put in front of
use on the morrow.
"I thought I had a cinch on naming it.
but It was such an exceedingly open-faced
wager I was a little leary that the blonde
wouldn't look at it. But he came up like
a young pig to the swill and asked me to
name the goody which the landlady would
use In hypnotizing the palates of her
boarders. I named pink Icecream. I had
been a boarder there for eight months
and never had the pink icecream business
fail to show up on the Sabbath menu. The
blonde boarder said the chances were
against him, and that he had never con
sidered himself a sport, but he would lay
me two even that it wouldn't be pink Ice
cream for the Sunday dessert. The money
was put In the hands of a book agent who
had threatened to leave the house every
Sunday when the fro*en cream with car
nation hue was landed before him. The
time came all too poon.
."The other boarders were waiting and
watching the outcome, and they all had
It in for me because I had named pink
Montreal ts the greatest cheese centac.
and John Sroufe Merrill will be sol
emnized at the First Congregation Church
at noon to-day. Rev. Dr. Sweeney, an old
friend of the groom's family, will officiate,
having come specially from the East for
this occasion.
The bride will be attended by Miss
Gladys Merrill, sister of the groom, who
will officiate as maid of honor. Harry
Holbrook is to be the best man and Ralph
Merrill. Dennis Searles. Frank King, Wil
liam Hazleton. Orlo Ea.stwood and Clar
ence Doane will officiate as ushers.
The bride will wear a gorgeous gown of
white crepe de chine. The entire front
of the dress Is covered with a magnificent
lace apron and the bodice and sleeves are
fashioned of the same costly net. A veil
and orange blossoms complete the exqui
site costume.
After the ceremony there will be a bri
dal breakfast at the home of the groom's
parents, corner of Washington street and
Van Ness avenue. The home is to be
elaborately decorated and pink and white
tones are to prevail. In the evening the
happy couple will 'eave for the East.
where the honeymoon, extending over a
period of three months, will be spent, and
on their return they will go to housekeep
ing- in this city.
Nuptials of Miss Snider
and John Merrill to Be
Solemnized To-Day.
The nuptials of Miss Olive- Irene Snider
TO BE UNITED
AT HIGH NOON
In April. 1534. Jacqu«-s Cartier sailed
from St. Malo with instructions, to find
the passage to "Cathay." Voyaging in
the direction long familiar to Breton fish
ermen he reached Belle Isle on the north
shore of Newfoundland, the only notable
incident of the trip so far being a meet
ing in one of the harbors of Labrador
with a fishing vessel from La Rochelle.
Cartier passed southward along the west
coast of Newfoundland, crossed the Gulf
of St. Lawrence to the east coast of New
Brunswick, visited the bay of Chaleur
and the peninsula of Gaspe, and after
skirting part of Anticoste Island returned
to Franco without being aware appar
ently of the existence of the great river
across the mouth of which he had sailed.
He took with him from Gaspe two In-
Cartier's Voyages.
JACQUES CARTIER.
tany had annually made their way to the
Newfoundland banks to pursue their call
ing more profitably than they could at
home. To this class Jacques Cartier be
longed, and he must have been acquainted
with their geographical ideas, acquired
either by actual observation or from the
descriptions given to them by natives with
whom they came in contact. It Is alto
gether likely that he had made one or
more voyages to the trans-Atlantic fishing
grounds himself, as he had a high reputa
tion for skill and courage In navigation
and was for this very reason selected to
command the exploring expeditions. The
peninsula of Brittany is the extreme west
point of France, south of the English
Channel. Near its inner end and on Its
north shore is the seaport of St. Malo.
made famous as the starting point of
Cartier's voyages, between 1534 and 1542.
business in the old "Have a cigar?" gag.
but their really funny work is in the
sham prizefight, where the referee gets
knocked out. Musical Dale plays on the
bells, a concertina and a new-fangled
xylophone more melodious than any of
Its time-worn predecessors. The old fa
vorites are as welcome as ever.
Columbia.
Those who have failed to witness the
entertainment provided by Kellar, the
magician, at the Columbia Theater should
take advantage of the few performances
to be given before the close of his season
here. Last evening the lower part of the
house was not as large as the manage
ment had a right to expect, considering
the high class of entertainment, presented.
Those present enjoyed the mysterious
feats of the performer, ¦who was liberally
applauded. He introduced quite a num
ber of new features and during the even
ing did not allow the interest to decrease.
Kellar will continue at the Columbia until
the 25th inst.. when the Henry Miller
Company will open with "Miss Hobbs,"
a comedy of the first order.
Alcazar.
"Sapho" is still a drawing- card at the
Alcazar Theater. The story of the woman
whose ambition was to have a new male
friend for every week of the year still
proves attractive and the little theater Is
crowded at every performance, though
this is the bcginlng of the third week.
Florence Roberts receives her share of
applause for her efforts to properly pre
sent the characteristics of the strange
French woman Sapho. White Whittlesey.
who hap taken the role of Jean Gaussin.
has a finer conception of what is required
of him than Ernest Hastings, who was
Jean for the first half of the production.
He hai? none of the boorishness and more
delicacy than the latter In presenting the
emotions and passions which are the at
tractive features of the piece. The com
pany as a whole is doing good work.
Fischer's Concert-House.
The Fischer Concert-house bill this week
\r an especially good one. Last night a
large audience listened to the interesting
programme — there is a Fischer fad just
at present— and remained to the end to
hear "La Forza del Destino," the fourth
act of which represents the operatic part
of the bill. Bardaracco sings the Denza
"Fugriniti." Miss Underwood the "Pearl
of Aria," Abramoff the "Dlo Possente"
of Gounod. Polletini an aria from "Lucre
tia Borgia," and the new singer. Mme.
Mowry, an aria from "Ernani" and Luck
stone's "Delight." Every number was en
cored.
The "Wagner "Album Lear 1 and the
"Pre/luflio" of Mercadante were delight
fully given by the orchestra, which is,
however, still a little too "evident" In th«
vocal numbers.
Chutes.
Olympia.
The Chutes has an excellent bill this
week. The Wilson family. Introducing
their cute pickaninnies, scored a great hit.
Other numbers on the bill are tho«e of
Deets and Don. singers and dancers-
Bosco and Rice, comedians: Gaffney and
Burton, cakewalkers; Hall subduing .Wal
lace a.nd new moving pictures.
The new bill at the Olympia was well
received last night. Every number on
the programme Is good.
ADA REHAN HAS
BROKEN FAITH
" Agreed to Come Here
I ond Fails to Keep
: r Her Promise.
ADA REHAX will not after all"
favor the San Francisco thea-"
tergoers with her charming^
presence this summer and all
because of an unexplained whim on-"
her part when it came to signing the"
contract her own manager had pre-"
pared for her.
The Grand Opera-house management
considered the engagement by them/
of Miss Rehan as definitely arranged."*
but when the lady was. asked to at-^
tach her signature to the contract to^
appear In. San Francisco for sixteen-^
weeks at $350 per week she suddenly -J
discovered that the salary was too-<
small and decided to remain in New^
York. 1
" The Frawley Company has succeed- .4
-ed In signing a contract with the -4
famous actress. Corona Rlcardo, who-4
win take the part of leading lady Inj
Its forthcoming season. Miss Coronal
made a furor in the East in "The^
Great Ruby" and her debut as a star^
In conjunction with Wilton Lackaye^
Is expected to create another dramatic^
sensation. It has been almost defl--4
nltely decided that Rosabel Morrison, -i
daughter of Lewis Morrison, the vet-1
eran actor; will be included In thel
brilliant Aggregation which will open^
the new 'Grand Opera-house season. 4
¦4
DIAMONDS AND
MUD COMMINGLE
IN HOYTS PLAY
"Milk- White Flag" Partly
Offensive and Partly
Brilliant.
••Saplio" Is Still Drawing 1 I*arg-e
Audiences^ — Various Bills Pre
sented at the Other
Souses.
Grand Opera-House.
Once more the "Milk White Flag" is
with i:s — that curious mixture of mud,
pasta diamonds and real brilliants. By
the ni.d I mean the flashy, meretricious
dresse* and undresses, the "rag-time" and
;>rrot-llke songs, the cold-blooded, offen
sive and in every detail detestable Joklnir
at death and the mystery of death In
R-bich the play abounds. By the paste
diamonds 1 mean the specific satire on
the rr.Hitia. which may have had some
tr-nuine force when the play was written,
before the Spanish war, but which on
account of the excellent conduct of the
n.iiitia in that war seems now feeble and
jjurposeless. By the real brilliants I mean
the ger;erfc.l satire on the vanity of men
a.i;d the liekleness of wornen, which gives
the n!ay its oniy element of real value.
For "the writing of such satire Hoyt has.
.,r had. undoubted capacity; It is a pity
he has not applied mmseif to the con
struction of two or three good plays in-
Etead of distributing his material for that
hraall number among a dozen indifferent
pieces. "Give th«? people what they
v.a.nt" is understood to be his motto, and
by the "¦p«c»pl e " he must mean the »ew
tens of thousands who can exact amuse
inent trom everything in a Hoyt play. A
worse principle could hardly be imat
ined: consistently carried out. we ehouia
to-«iay b« in full enjoyment of the bless
ings of slavery sJid free whisky—for^sev
tral millions of people have desired the
one and do desire the other.
From the worst dramatic performance
jt is possible to extract Interest by re
memberir.ff that the people on the 5tat<".
however indifferent their art. are human
ln.ir.gs iike ourselves, working hard for
a living and dependent, like ourselves,
upon oihers for er.courag-^ment ar.a sym
pfcLthv Some such consideration as this
Kave*me a melancholy interest in several
cf the alleged funny scenes at the Cali
fornia Theater last night; everybody tried
fo hard and was so evidently earning n!s
f r her salary. And in spite of the out
rasfous groresqueries and flat vulearitles
cf tne piece, every now and then some
performer would show a bit of really de
{'ghiful work. This was most noticeable
n the cases of Mr. Dunne and Miss Mar
ble Mr. Dunne's excellent elocution and
intelligent conception of the best part Jn
the play mark him as worthy better
things Miss Marble is a real artist, with
it vivacity and. at times, a delicacy that
remind one of Rosina Vokes. The death
cf that charming actress has left vacant,
cn our stage, a p!ace that It seems to
me Miss Marble, and no one else, could
till if s=he would only make the attempt
to 's*>t away from the Hoyt atmosphere,
< very particle of which ie surcharged with
—Commonness. L. PL FONT bYL«E.
"A Homespun Heart." Judson Brusle's
ptmg« Into the sea of melodnunatic com
position, drew a large audience to th«
Grand Opera last night. The play, as its
r.ame indicates, has a background of al!
ihe time-worn adjuncts and settings ot
me farm-house variety. Througii four
nets the plot unravels to the denouement
and every kind of wild melodramatic
vagary is used to work out the happy
Frank Bacon as Amos Howe gave a
pood interpretation of the lionrst. »«£
facrifloirg farmer. Miss Edith Lemmert
carried the rart of the heroine to the
«nd in pood style. The cast Is well placed
and altogether the performance is or tne
kind that plcaseg.
TivolL
The comic opera, "Madeleine, or the
Magic Kiss." commenced Its second week
».t the Tivoli OpTa-hause last night.
There was a crowded house and the ap-
Tilaune was liberal. Anna Lichter, Edwin
Ptevcns. Ferris Hartman. William Schus
ter and the other principal* in the ea*t did
f plcndid work, but Ar.r.ie Myers, as Mat
rimonial Mary," a fix times widow, came
Jn fcr the larp^t fhare of the applause.
She is irresistibly funny. Next Monday
night "The Geisha" will b* revived and
Stanford Parlor of the Native Sons Will
be present In a body.
Orph.eum.
Charles E. Grapewin and Miss Anna
Chance met with a hearty reception at the
Orpheuxn last night, and although the
twin brother of the stage Bowery boy
does not exist In San Francisco, even
"pout* o' Market," the picture of him as
presented in Chimmle Hicks wa« so con
sistent that it caught on at once and fn-
Fured the combination a two weeks' run.
Miss Chance has a pleading presence, a
melodious voice ar.d an unaffected air, and
¦was a eood foil to the tough Bowery boy.
The brothers McDonaid introduce n»w
Bunko Steerer Sentenced.
Kels Johnson, a well-known bunko
Bteerer, was yesterday sentenced to pay a
fine of J1S0 with the alternative of serv
lnr ISO days In the County Jail by Judga
Fritz. Johnson had bunkoed Nels Man
eon a visitor from the country, out or $47.
TWO TOtTXG HEARTS THAT
BEAT AS ONE AGAIN.
*r=&.RETTY Pauline Goldman, the 16-
L^j-ear-ol<i bride of Max Goldman, has
JT been wooed and won apaJn by her
repentant husband, and the grentie
cooir.g of the turtle dov» is heard or.ee
more :n the Montiromery-street restau-
OVERDUE SCHOONER AMERICANA MAKING HEAVY WEATHER <
The Pioneer Hotel-Keeper
Succumbs to Heart
Failure.
JOHN M. LAWLOR
CALLED BY DEATH
For some years after Cartier's return to
France the Kins?. Francis I, was ton much
preoccupied with European politics to con
tinue the work of exploring his posses
sions In the new world. In 1341, however,
an expedition was planned for the estab
lishment of a colony. Roberval was ap
pointed viceroy of the country, and he and
Cartier were commissioned to proceed to
gether to the St. Lawrence. For some
reason the former was not ready in time,
and Cartier made his third voyage alnne.
As the Indian chiefs had all died during
the interval to France. h»3 reception wa.-t
not so friendly as before, but he never
theless went into winter quarters in a for
tified camp at Cap Rouge, some seven
miles up the river from Quebec. He first
paid another v.slt to Hochelaga. but on
finding his progress westward barred by
the Lachine rapids he abandoned all idea
of trying to penetrate further into the In
terior. In the spring of 1512 he returned
to France and Roberval arrived In the
St. Lawrence, -where he remained until the
autumn cf 1543. spending much of his time
in exploring the Saguenay and other phy
sical features of the sumiundin? country.
There Is a tradition, but no authentic rec
ord, that Cartier made a fourth voyajte
to Canada, for the purpose of brlnsrtns
back Roberval and his men. He is said to
have lived in St. Malo till 1577. In a house
the ruins of which are still pointed out
to the Inquiring visitor. A few yeara aero
a fine monument was erected to hig ttiotti
ory on the bank of the great river whost
existence he was the first to make known
to France, to Europe and to the world.
Owing mainly to the political and mili
tary troubles which darkened French his
tory during the remainder of the century,
the whole region was temporarily aban
doned to the enterprising fishermen, no
explorer of any note appearing on the
scene until a greater than Cartier. the il
lustrious Champtaln. early !n the seven
teenth century took up and carried to a
successful Issue the task of colonizing as
well as exploring "New France."
WILLIAM ROUSTON'.
MacMaster University, Toronto. Canada.
First French Colony.
The winter spent by Cartier and h!<* men
in their fortified quarters at the mouth of
the St. Charles was long, dreary and se
vere. Scurvy, the bane of northern voy
agers in the winter season, when flesh is
almost the only available food, carried of?
many members of the company before
they learned to use an infusion of spruco
boughs as an antidote. In the spring they
abandoned one of their smaller vess>e'-«.
and taking with them the Huron chief
Donnaccnna and some other prominent
members of the tribe, as captives, they
sailed for France, arriving 1 at St. Ma!)
about the middle of July. 1538. On the re
turn voyage Cartier took a course to ifv?
south of Newfoundland, thus showing hi»
familiarity with the geography of the re
gion about the Gulf of St. Lawrence. Th>?
country which he had discovered in the
valley of the river has ever since been
known as Canada. Though the origi:> of
the word ;s not free from obscur'ty. It
seems to be of the Huror.-Iroo.uols dialecr.
and to signify such a collection of Indian
dwellings as Cartfer found at Stadacona,
and. in a still more typical form, at Hoclv
elaga. In Cartfer's time the name was
limited to a small locality, but it was soon
applied to the whole country by those
who never knew or ceased to regard its
original meaning. Xeedlesa to say; the
discoverer claimed the country for the
King of France and set up evidences of
the claim at various points in the form
of large wooden crosses with suitable in
scriptions engraved on them.
in September delighted the French, who
dwelt with something like ecstasy on tho
grape-laden vines and the vast flocks of
wild fowl that were stirred into flight
by tile unusual appearance of the flotilla.
The Indians of Hochelaga, like those of
Stadacona, were of the Huron nation, and
they received Carrier with extravagant
demonstrations of joy. Their village was
described by him as circular in outline
ar.d surrounded by three row*, of pa)i
sldes. designed as a protection against
the hostile Iroquois. The village con
tained about fifty hrruses. each of which,
about 100 feet Ions, was divided into sev
eral compartments for the accommoda
tion of as many separate, families. These
Indians had apparently abandoned the
nomadic life ar.rt had acquired the art
nf storing up grain and preserving other
provision* fr>r future use. The fine emi
nence behind the city which now covers
the site of the Hochelaga village wa.s
named by Cartier "Mount Royal," since
abbreviated Into "Montreal."
CORTEZ.
On Jnne 7 the steamer Senator went out
of Dutch Harbor, but returned soon after,
preferring not to take chances in the ice.
She reported the revenue cutter Bear and
the steamers Portland and Dora in the
Ice and the South Portland. Olympia and
Alliance anchored off the great bergs,
awaiting a chance to get in.
On her trip from Nome to Dutch Harbor
the Jeanie spoke the schooner General
McPherson. and the steamers Aloha and
San Juan. _ • _
Among the vessels left at Dutch Har
bor when the Jeanie sailed were the Cen
tennial, Zealandia, Valencia. Aberdeen.
Nome City. Sequoia. Ohio. St. Paul, San
Pedro, revenue cutters Rush and Wheel
ing, from Sari Francisco: Roanoke, Elihu
Thompson, Lakme, Oregon, Utopia, tug
Wallace and barge Mercury, from Seattle.
There was a great fleet of vessels in port
at Unalaska when the Pacific Coast
Steam Whaling Company's tender Jeanle,
the first vessel from Nome, arrived at
Dutch Harbor. The Bowhead. Geronne,
Victoria, Olympia, Farallon, Falcon, Cor
win, Charles Nelson, Grace Dollar, San
Bias and George W. Elder got under way
on June 8 and set out for Nome. The
Jeanie reported the steam whaler Alexan
der as having arrived at Nome on May 21,
and on later dates the Jeanette, Thrasher,
Mary D. Hum© and Albion, from San
Francisco, and the Cleveland and Alpha
from Seattle.
From dispatches received at the Mer
chants' Exchange irom Cape Nome, via
Seattle, it is learned that disaster has
overtaken some vessels of the large fleet
In the hurry to make an early arrival at
the rich beach. The report is to the ef
fect that a great number of schooners are
still in port at Dutch Harbor awaiting a
favorable opportunity to proceed, though
the names of these vessels are not griven.
It is said that the Santa Ana, a new
steamer owned by A. W, Beadle & Co.
of this city, and which departed from Se
attle for the gold fields In the early rush,
caught rlre and that considerable damage
was done to the vessel, her cargo and the
baggage of the passengers.
Another report is at hand that the
barkentine Catherine Sudden has been se
riously damaged in the ice pack. The rev
enue cutter Bear, the report says. Is lend
ing the Sudden a helping hand and trying
to get her out of her serious position. The
Sudden has a party of, prospectors from
San Francisco on board and the Bear will
look out for them If further trouble makes
it necessary.
Report That the Steamer Santa Ana
Was Badly Damaged by Fire.
Vessels Caught in
the Ice.
The Steamer Senator Makes
an Unsuccessful Effort
to Get Through.
SOME VESSELS
HAVE REACHED
GOLD FIELDS
"I have returned the song writer's pic
tures." said Polly yesterday, "and I have
asked him to return mine. My husband
wants to take me on a trip to Paris, but
I don't know whether I care to go or not.
I don't like to cross the water. Max is
as happy as can be now. and he prom
ises tobea good boy and treat me well."
Pauline Bald yesterday that she did not
make the first advances, because she was
angry at hc-r husband for filing a cross
complaint charging her with infidelity.
Lee J.ohr.son, the well-known song writer
and author of "My Honolulu Lady." be
ing the man accused. The youthful bride
had taken a glass of lemonade in the
dining room of a downtown hotel one day
with that gentleman, and the decretive
employed by the husband reported the
fact to Max, who made the Incident a
feature of the cross-complaint and
brought the song writer into much trou
ble at home when the divorce suit got
into the papers. Pauline obtained her di
vorce by default, but the case was re
opened, and pending its final determina
tion. Mrs. Barasch. mother of the bride,
brought about a reconciliation "between
the kids," as she expressed it. Max being
only 23.
rant. wh<?re Polly assists her mother in
sweetening the victuals.
How much of all this was known to
Jacques Cartier cannot now be deter
mined, but it seems quite probable that
he had acquired a fairly correct idea of
the extent and general character of the
Atlantic coast. Like other navigators of
the time, he was under the impression
that America was narrow arid that some
where along it would be found a passage
through to the Pacific Ocean. For more
than a quarter of a century the French
fishermen of Picardy, Normandy and Brit-
Jacques Cartier.
In order to understand the contribution
made by Jacques Cartier to our knowl
edge of this continent it Is necessary to
bear In mind what had already been dis
covered when he began his work under a
commission from Francis I of France, In
1534. Colun\bus had, under the auspices
of Ferdinand and Isabella of Spain, made
his first voyage in 1132, and three others
before his death, in 1506. He had landed
on one of the Bahama Islands, discovered
Cuba, Jamaica and Haiti, and sailed for
some distance up the Orinoco. John and
Sebastian Cabot, commissioned by Henry
VII of England In 1497, had reached the
continent in the vicinity of the Gulf of St.
Lawrence. Cortereol. a Portuguese, had
in 1500 discovered Hudson Strait, giving
rise to the hope that the passage to India
and China, of which they were all in
search, had been found. In 1513 Balboa,
a Spanish adventurer, had crossed the
Isthmus of Panama and called the ocean
he discovered the "South Sea," In the
same year another Spaniard, Ponce de
Leon, had skirted the coast of Florida
from St. Augustine to Tampa Bay. In
1519 Magellan, a Portuguese in the service
of Spain, had passed through the strait
which still bears his name, crossed the
Pacific Ocean and established Spanish
sovereignty over the Philippine Islands,
where it remained unbroken until 1S3S.
Between 1519 and 1521 Cortez had acquired
Mexico as a Spanish possession. In 15^4
Verrazano, an Italian la the service off
France, had voyaged along the Atlantic
coast from Carolina to Nova Scotia.
I.
Early Discoverers.
coste. sailed up the mighty St. Lawrence,
to which he gave its historic name.
When he reached the site now occupied
by the city of Quebec he found there an
Indian village. Stadacona, The safe re
turn of the two Huron Indians to their
people secured for him a moat friendly
reception, and he prepared to gr> into win
ter tiuartera in the mouth of the St.
Charles niver. After a cursory explora
tion of the locality, including the Isle of
Orleans, he determined in spite of the ob
jections made by the Stadacona Indians
to pay a visit to Hochelafja. The trip
up the river consumed a fortnight of
time, but the appearance of the country
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton.
DISCOVERERS /\ISD E-XF»LORERS Of «."V\ERIC«.
EARLY FRENCH DISCOVERERS AND EXPLORERS
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Reported Sale of British Steamship
Westminster — Disabled Launch
Quarantined at Angel
Island.
Grave anxiety is felt for the safety of
the schooner Americana, now out 107 days
from Calcta Bucna for this port,, with a
cargo of nitrates. The reinsurance brok
ers p.uoted her at 10 per cent last week,
but upon the' arrival yesterday of the
Salvator Clampa, forty-six days from the
same port, the reinsurance jumped to 25
and then to 35 per cent.
The Americana is a four-mast steel
schooner and an Al vessel, but no one
can explain her long trip. From fifty to
sixty days is considered a long trip from
nitrate ports, but 107 days beats the rec
ord. It is feared bv her owners that she
got into heavy weather and foundered with
all hands. Still, there 1? a chance that
she may sh'nw up and insurance men are
cautious. On this coast the winds are
often so variable that a fore-and-aft, ves
sel has but small show to gain headway.
The Americana is stocked for a long voy
age and she will be looked for for some
weeks to come. Her owners are confident
that she will arrive safely.
Westminster Reported Sold.
It is reported the British tramp steam
ship Westminster, now under charter to
the Government as a horse transport, has
been sold to John Rosenfeld's Sons to en
page in the coastwise co'al trade. The
Westminster has been in the Government
employ for more than a year and has
earned rich dividends for her owners, and
more particularly her charterer. John
Rosenfeld's Sons, who rcchartered her to
the Government at a clear profit of sev
eral hundred dollars per day, according to
report. When she was last in this port,
about two months ago. the Westminster
was changed to a freight ship and took a
cargo of hay and grain to the Philippines.
At that time she was carefully inspected
by John Rosenfeld's Sons and it is now
understoo.1 that they have paid $175,000
for her. When she next reaches this port
she will likely be dismissed from the Gov
ernment service.
Drifted Into Quarantine. ..
William Chapman, lawyer and amateur
sailor, had an odd experience with Dr.
Kinyoun's understudies at Angel Island
last Sunday. He was out on the bay in
his gasoline launch with some friends,
when the shaft broke and the little vessel
drifted about helplessly in the bay. Late
in the afternoon the shores of Angel
Island were reached, and great was the
surprise of Mr. Chapman when a man on
shcre leveled a gun on him and told him
not to land. But there was no help for it
and the launch drifted to the shore. The
man with the gun promptly placed the
party in quarantine and it was several
hours before the members were released
and permitted to return to their homes.
It was cold cheer for a. shipwrecked party.
Crowley's Tender Heart.
Tommy Crowley, the boatman, is noted
along the water front for his good deeds.
His fast launch and his personal services
are at the command of the unfortunate.
Last Sunday he had a chance to show
what he could do. The schooner Rosa
mond sailed from the Mission-street dock,
leaving- behind a pretty little woman who
was booked for Honolulu under the name
of Miss McDonald. The pretty woman
saw the vessel tacking down the bay and
burst into tears. Crowley was notified
and went to her relief. The young woman
raid that her husband was on board and
that was enougrh for the gr>od-hearted
boatman. He steamed up and put the
lady on the schooner, where she promptly
fainted, without even saying "thanks."
Water Front Notes. ;
All forelirn->bound vessels have been de
clared free from quarantine and will here
after be granted clean bills of health.
A man who claimed to be the captain of
the British ship Lord Elgin attempted
last week to bunko John Henry of the
Golden Shore Market, but failed at his
game. The Lord Elgin did not arrive un
til yesterday morning and the Golden
Shore Market had been posted by the
Merchants' Exchange.
The American ship Tlllle E. Starbuck
has been purchased by Welsh & Co. of
Honolulu and the bark Challenger by
Hind, Rolnh & Co., and will continue in
the Hawaiian trade.
Big Reinsurance Offered on
American Schooner
Americana.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
POLLY AND MAX HAVE
KISSED AND MADE UP
THE SAX ERANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 19, 1900.
The annual coal output of France is
about two-thirds of its consumption. . The
railroads in France consume annually
about 4,500,000 tons: the metallurgical es
tablishments. 6,000.000 tons; the mining In
dustry, 3,000,000 tons— over half the output.
The Divorce Court.
J THE LATE JOHN M. LAWLOk. |
JOHN M. LAWLOR died suddenly at
1:30 o'clock Sunday morning. He
had been ill for several weeks and.
although his sickness was regarded
as serious, it was hardly thought that It
would prove so suddenly fatal. Mr. Law
lor had a severe attack of heart failure
at his office in the Crocker building about
a month ago from which he never ral
lied. His son, J. "W. Lawlor, was con
stantly by his father's side during his ill
ness and up to the time of his death.
Th©' only daughter. Miss Ullle Lawlor.
has been cabled for. She is at present In
London, where she has been for some
time, completing her musical education.
Mr. Lawlor came to San Francisco In
1858 from Albany, N. Y., and was for
some years the manager of the Oriental
Hotel the pioneer first-class hotel of this
city. He afterward leased the Lick House
and then the Occidental Hotel. Mr. Law
lor was a personal friend of the late Colo
nel Fred Crocker, and up to the date of
his death was actively engaged on work
connected with the immense interests of
the Crocker estate.
t JOHN M. DUNNE. j
JOHN M. DUNNE, who In the early
sixties was a typesetter on The
Call, but who Is now the owner of
'half a dozen theatrical enterprises
scattered all over the United States, la
spending the summer 'in San Francisco
and looking after the Interests of his com
pany which is filling on engagement at
the California Theater. This- week he will
take an active part in Hoyt's satire on the
civic-military, "A Milk-Whlte Flag." He
Is playing the part of the "Colonel, who
looks like Napoleon," « part that ho cre
ated five years ago.
9
THE CALL'S
Home Study Circle.
SEYMOUR EATON.
Director.
SUMMER COURSES,
...1900...
Beginning Friday, June 29.
I. American Political. Parties.
II. The Discoverers and Explorers of
North America.
III. Famous Art Galleries of the
World. ,
IV. .Historic- Studies In Home Fur-
nishing:.
V. Comparative Studies of Two Cen-
: turlas.
VI. Literary Talks and Reminis-
cences.TUESDAY, JUNE 19.
CHICAGO. June 18.— CATTLE— Receipts. Jl.
000; steers, active, weak and 10c lower; closing
stronger; butchers' stock generally steady. Na
tives—Best on sale to-day, six carloads at S5 70;
good to prime steers, $5 10@5 85; poor, to me
dium, S4 60@6; selected feeders, $4 20©5 ; mixed
stockers, J3 3504; cows, »3@4 60; heifers, $3 10®
6 25; canners. J2 35(33; bulls. $3®4 60; calves,
*5@7. ' Texans— Receipts. 600; best on sale to
day, three carloads at $4 80; Texas fed steers,
steady. $4 60@5 25; Texas grass steers, $3 tt®
4 35; Texas bulls, weak. $3®3 60.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 27.000: . to-morrow,
23.000; estimated left over, 2000; average 10c
higher: active; top. »5 25; mixed and butchers,
J5 05<g 5 25; good to choice heavy, *5 16@6 25;
rough heavy, *5e6 10; light, $5 05®5 22%; bulk
of Bales. J5 15Q5 20.
. SHEEP— Receipts. 17,000; sheep i and lambs.
LIVERPOOL.
¦Wheat— • July. Bept.
Opening .'6 11% 6 00
Closing 6 00H 6 00%
PARIS.
Wheat— June. 6ept.-Dec
Opening 20 40 2180
Closing .....20 40 2180
Flour-
Opening 27 65 28 80
Closing 27 60 28 75
Chicago Livestock Market.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and lIw
atel ? *' F °rt p °mt- entrance to Sal
f^fi aCO r ?K ay ' c Pu i>" sh ed by official £?.
_thorUyof the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf)
tKSS? TV n M te 3 l l\T than at £5K*
the height of tide J 3 the same at both places.
Foreign Futures.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
.On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm. Creamery 14@18%c; Dairy
13016HC. Cheese, steady, 8&@9%c. Eggs, slow
fresh. 10c.
The advance tn wheat Is produclnr Its effect
on Flour, and the Oregon millers hare wired
their San Francisco correspondents to advance
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls. 70 WS 8000. 70%c.
Second Session— December— No sales.
Itepular Morning Session— No sales. .
Afternoon Session— No sales. '
OATS— The market continues quiet and un
changed. •
White, $1 10©l 30; Surprise, tl 22%@1 25; Red,
$11C@12O; Gray, Jl 07%@l 15; Black, . |l@i O7V4
per ctl.
CORN— Eastern large Yellow,' $1 IS per 'ctl *
Eastern White, *1©1 05 per ctl: Mixed. $1 10..
1 RYEr-Quotable at 87%c for new and 82H@95c
for olfl. '¦'- ¦¦". -
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES,
CALL BOARD SALES,
""Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
42.000 ctls, SI 09; 16,000. • II 09H; 4000. $1 08%;
12,000, $1 08%.
Second Session— December— 26,000 ctls, Jl 09%;
10,000. $1 09; 10,000. « 08T4; 4000. $1 08%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 12,000
Afternon * Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 08%: sooo. Si 08%: 4000. Jl os%.
BARLEY— The advance In wheat Imparts
some tone to the market, but the demand Is
slack and prloes show no change. '
Feed. 67H®70o for No. 1 and 62%®>65o for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, 76@8Oc;
Chevalier, nominal. ,
The local market was higher all around, and
Btlff at the advance.
Spot "Wheat — Shipping. VT%e; milling, Jl©
1 02'A. - * . v.' .
demand. Chicago was excited • and advanced
about 4c, chiefly on continued bad [ news from
the Northwest. Buying was active and every
thing off ered was ¦ taken. Half a crop only is
now credited : to the Northwest. Snow wired
from North Dakota that Saturday and Sunday
were the worst days yet. and that 30,000,000
bushels was the best possible for ' the State,
against f-0, 000, 000 last year. He estimates the
total crop under- 600,000.000 bushels, even If
Kansas makes her claim good. • Chicago parties
wired to San Francisco that they expected Jl
wheat by midsummer. — . ¦ ' .¦
WHEAT- Liverpool was higher with a better
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 14 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88>4
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Kxchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, ' telegraphic - — 12V4
Fine Silver, per ounce — .60%
Mexican Dollars 4SH 49
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK. June 18.— The stock market
fiigPFted a large amount of liquidation to-day
at what seemed slight expense of values, con
sidering the appearance of the extreme weak
ness manifested by the market at times. This
result was due to the fact that prices were
lifted In the early dealings to a level lome
v!.;.t above Saturday's close and that there
¦was a substantial rally In the late dealings
In coverings by the professional bears, who
had taken advantage of the softness of the
rr:arkft to put out extensive ehort lines. But
the inherent weakness of the market was none
the less evident. The buying demand through
out the day tame largely from the short ln
tpre.«t arid from inflde Interests with the pur
p.*« of supporting prices in their own stocks.
Preparation* for this had been made on an
elaborate Fcale In expectation of acute depres
sion on forelen exchanges as a result of Sat
urday's development in Chinese complications,
but the weakness in foreign markets was not
as extreme ;.s h&d beon feared, partly owing
to the fact that the alarming rumors of the
dfstruction of the foreign legations In Peking
and the death of the German Minister was
somewhat discredited this morning in specu
lative circles. Prices of American stocks ad
vanced In London before the cpenlng h*re and
London bought etocks of some companies here
mt the or*-ning while s-lllng others. The at
titude of London gave color to recent reports
that some of the principal bear operators of
the Ne»\Ycrk Exchange now abroad have been
operating- on the ehort Eide of the .market.
The character of the buying was sufficiently
manifest from the duilneae Into winch the
market quickly sank when It rose to and
above Saturday's closing level. The b<?ar trad
ers were active during the day, seeking to
uncover Ftcp-loes orders and they had consid
erable success all through the railroad list, in
whicn the excitement raged. Declines at one
time averaged from 1 to l-£ fox the principal
active Etocks. Minneapolis and Et. Louts fell
abruptly 9 pointB. with a final rally of 2^
Canadian Southern. Chicago and Great Western
preferred A, Chicago and Great Western de
bentures. Chicago Terminal preferred, Hock
lr.g Valley preferred and Denver and Rio
Grande preferred lost from 1 to 24;-Northwest
ern preferred $% and Lackawanna 4%. The
final r&Ily lecsrned all these losses and en
tirely wiped out some of the smaller. The
eteel 6tocks were decidedly Irregular. National
etefcl declining 2\ and Pressed Steel Car,
American Hoop, Tennessee Coal and Republic
Eteel preferred about 2 points each. Federal
eteel, American fcteel and Wire and Colorado
Fuel were firm. The tone of the market was
eteady and the majority of net changes were
email. The total of $2,500,000 gold export to
Germany was Dot without Its effect on the
weakness of tbe market and further engage
ments are looked tor further In the week for
the French steamer. The sub-treasury has
contributed nearly J2,000,000 to the banks since
Friday end New York exchange at Chicago
roe* further to 60 cents premium. But the
Government's call for depoeits to the conount
cf S5.OUO.000 must be met by the banks by next
week and the period for the return flow of
currency to the. Interior to move the crops
Is approaching. Tbe results In the money mar
ket are subject to increasing surrais*. Mean
time part of last week's loan Increase Is now
attributed to operations by conservative houses
here who are availing themselves of the low
raf-8 for time loans to secure themselves
against any future contingency.
The bond market was dull by comparison
with stocks and looses werenot so pronounced.
Total Kales tiar value. Jl.600.000.
United States old 4s and the 6s declined H
NEW YORK' STOCK LIST.
Charts C1 ?? 1 ln «"
Sold. Stocks— ¥»d
7.1S5 Atchlson - *;*
13,130 Atchlson prefd ~ •0
Nezv York Stock Market.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm-
No. 3 spring wheat. 73®74%c; No. 2 red, 80@81c;
No. 2 corn. 40>£c; No. 2 yellow, 4O%ifi>40%c; No
2 oats. 2SHS23%c; No. % white, 26&@27c; No. 8
white. 25H(S_26%c; No. 2 rye. 57c; good feeding
barley, 37@3Sc; fair to choice malting. 40®42Uc-
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 80; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 80;
prime timothy seed, $2 50; mess pork per bar
rel. $10 40@ll 55; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 G7V4®
7; short ribs sides (loose), J6 GOQC SO; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 6%<gG%c: short clear sides
(boxed). $7 201^7 30; whisky, basis of high winea
$1 23; sugars, cut loaf, 6%c; granulated, 6.82c
confectioners' A. 5.78c; off A, 5.63c; clover, con
tract grade. 7.75(3'8c.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, June 18.— Startling reports of the
extreme ' gravity of the crop situation In the
wheat growing States of North and South Da
kota and Minnesota made a wildly excited
opening In wheat. The demand for wheat,
especially from the Northwest, was far ahead
of any day this year. The commission houses
were stuffed with buying orders from all sec
tions. There was scattered selling for profits,
but tbls was readily absorbed and the ad
vance began with the ringing of the gong at
9:30. July opened ttG^gC higher at 75%c to
75?ic, and almost without a check went boom
ing up to 79*ic. Vic under the high mark last
year. The top was reached half an hour tie
fore the close and such dips as occurred on the
advance were comparatively frail. From the
pinnacle of Its strength July reacted to 7Sftc I
and closed 3Hc over Saturday at 7S?i<3"7ST4c.
The great mass of reports may be briefly sum
marized as follows: Saturday and Sunday were
the worst days of the season for the spring i
wheat crop In the Northwest; many sections of
the Northwest will not raise enough wheat for
seed; 30.000.000 bushels Is an outside possibility
for the North Dakota orop,~"'whlch last year
approximated 80,000.000 bushels. North Dakota,
South Dakota and Minnesota combined cannot
raise over 100,000,000 bushels, a decrease from
last year of 120,000.000 bushels. The entire yield,
of winter and spring wheat, notwithstanding
the "bumper" crop of Kaunas, will not be over
500.000.000 bushels, according to the estimate of
Statistician Snow. In comparison with the
spring wheat advices the winter wheat com
plaints received little attention although they
were serious enough In themselves to start
things moving. Illinois, Indiana and Missouri
reported damages from excessive rains and
Russia' was said to be suffering from drought
In the south. The market was several points
out of line In respect to cash business, and In
many instances cash wheat was resold to ad
vantage.
Corn, In spite of the wheat Curry, waa
rather sluggish early. Finally, however, tho
market grasped the coattalls of the ascending
wheat values and scored an advance of *i©*»c
over Saturday.
Oats were somewhat more active than usual
In sympathy with wheat. July gained %@>%o.
Provisions were steady, but no attempt waa
made by the controlling Interests to unduly
stimulate the market. The trade was rather
quiet and the main business of the day was
In changing July over to September. July pork
closed unchanged and ribs gained 2%c. July
lard dosed 2!±c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close]
Wheat No. f—
June ~ t... 77%
July 75%, 79% 75* ¦ 78%
August 76% ¦ 80% 76 79%
Corn No. 8—
June 89ty 40^4 89% 40
July _... 89H 40% 89W. 40
August 89%i 40% 89% 40%
Oats No. t—
June 22% M% 22^ 23^
July 23 2S*4 22% 23U
August Ktt 33% 22# ) 23
Mess Pork, per barrel — /
July 11 60 1165 11 47V4 1150
September 11 75 11 80 11 67% 11 70
Lard, per 100 pounds—
July 6 70 - 11VA 6 87H 6 67%
September 6 M> 6 85 6 77>4 6 80
October 6 82^ 6 85 6 80 6 80
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
July 6 75 6 77tf 6 72ft 6 72tf
September 6 SO 6 SS 6 80 6 SO
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
2? y 2 ?¦ order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
f°. »Vi* l*»t^or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
Arrived June 17 — Stmr Jeanle. from Caps
Nome; stmr Dlrigo, froju Skaguay.
TACOMAr-Arrtved Jun» 18— Baric Gatherer.
henc« May 31.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Jun* IS— Bchr Nona
Bend, hence June 2.
FORT BRAGO — Arrived Jun* 17 — Btmr Na
tional City, hence June 14.
Sailed June 1*— Strar National City, for Saa
Francisco. ,-
VENTURA— Arrived Jun* IS— Schr PeerUsa,
from Port Blakeley.
COOS BAT — Arrived Jane IS — Strar Del Norta.
from Portland, to sail Juna 13. for Baa Praiv
Cisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jun* U-fichr Ma
nila, for Guayaquil.
OLTMPIA- Sailed Jun» lft— Bark Vldett*. for
San Dieso.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived Jua» 1 — Btrar
Senator, from Seattle; stmr Valencia, from Se
attle. June &— Stmr Centennial, from Seattlo;
•tmr Jeanle. from Cape Nome.
In port June 7 — Stmr Zealandia, beace May
21; stmr Ohio, from Seattle; atmr Boasaka,
from Seattle; stmr Santa Ana. from Seattle;
stmr Nome City, from Portland. Or; stmr Sllhu
Thomson, from Seattle: stmr Grace Dollar, hao
May 24; stmr Sequoia, hence May 23; stmr Chaa
Nelson, from Seattle; stmr Lakme, from, Se
attle; stmr Oregon, from Seattle; stmr Bruns
wick; tuc Wlllowa and barge Mercury la tow.
from Seattle; U S stmr Wheeling, from Yoko
hama: U S stmr Rush, from Seattle; stmr St
Paul, hence May 2S; stmr San Pedro. henc»
May 17; stmr Utopia, from Seattle; attar G W
Elder, from. Portland.
Arrived- June 7— Stror Valencia, from Seattle;
stmr Centennial, from Seattle.
June 7, etmr Senator returned on account of
Ice. reporting U S stmr Bear from. Seattle, stmr
Portland from Unalaaka and stmr Dors, from
Seattle In Ice. Stmr South Portland from Se
attle, stmr Olympla from Seattle, stmr Alli
ance from Seattle anchored outside of Ice, and
bktn Catherine Sudden, hence April IS. (se
riously damaged. U S stmr Bear attending.
Sailed for Cape Nome June 7 — 6tmr Grace
Dollar, stmr Chas Nelson, stmr St Paul, itmr
San Bias, stmr Aberdeen, stmr G W Elder. All
vessels stampeded on arrival of stmr Jeaaia.
Sailed June 8— Stmr Jeanle. for Seattle.
No news of stmr Robert Dollar, stmr Taco
ma, stmr Chaa D Lane, Btmr Humboldt or tug
Discovery.
Arrived June 7— Schr Bowhead. from Seattle.
Not reported— Stmr Garonne, stmr Victoria,
stmr Olympla. stmr Fulton, u 8 stmr Corwln.
stmr Farallon and a number of schooners la
port whose names are not yet learned.
Arrived June 4— Stmr Discovery, from Seattle;
stmr Oregon, from Seattle, and sailed for Nome
same day.
In port June 7 — Schr Kodlak, from TTnalaska:
schr Francis Alice, from Seattle: schr Carrie.
and Annie, hence April 14; bark Northern
Light, from Seattle.
TAKATAT— Sailed May 13— Stmr Din^overy,
fox Cat>e Nome. !
CAPE NOME— Arrived May 23— Stmr jeanle.
from Seattle; stmr Alpha, from Victoria. May
29— Stmr Thrasher, from Unalaska. Ju. J —
Stmr Mary r> Hume, from Seattle: stmr A.uion.
from Unalaeka. June 3— Stmr Cleveland, from.
Seattle. 'Way 23— Stmr Jeanette, from Nanalmo.
Sailed May 28— Stmr Alpha, for Vancouver.
June 3— Stmr Jeanle, for Seattle.
Sighted by Jeanie. June 4— Schr Ger McPher
son. from Seattle: stmr Aloha, hence May 13.
June 14— Ptmr San Juan, from Seattle, for
Nome. Fire on atmr Santa Ana. cargo and
baring? damaged.
Arrived May 21— Whaling Btmr Alexander,
from Unalaska.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PANAMA— Sailed May 17 and not May 10— Er
bark Melanooe. tar Son Francisco.
MANILA— Sailed June 1&— U S stmr Hancock.
for San Francisco. s
YOKOHAMA— Sailed June 15— Br stmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 8— Bark 8 C
Allen, nence May 22.
Sailed June 7— Schr Corona, for Port Town
send - Br stmr Wyefleld. for Manila; Haw ship
Fort George, for Pan Francisco.
TTNE— Arrived June IS— Fr hark Gen Neu
mayer. hence Fe]» 11.
SWANSEA — Arrived June IS — Br ship Crslg
more from Portland. Or.
ACAPULCO— Sailed June 15— Stmr City of
Sydney, for Panama.
Arrived June 16 — Br ship Portia, from New
castle. AuS.
VANCOUVER— Arrived June IS— Stmr Cutch.
from Wrangle, and sailed for Seattle.
Sailed June IS— Br stmr Empres* of Japan,
for Yokohama.
OCEAN STEAMXBS.
HAMBURG— Arrived June IS— Stmr Belgra
vla. from New York. ,
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jun« IS— Stmr Laka
Magnetic, from Montreal.
SYDNEY. N3W— Sailed June IS— Stmr Mio
wera. for Vancouver.
NEW YORK— Arrived June IS— fitmr Meno
mlnee. from London.
SCILLY— Passed June IS— Stmr Mesaba, from
New York, for London.
POINT LOBOS, June 13. 10 p m^-Weather
thici; wind west, velocity 24 miles per hour.
DOiIESTIC PORTS.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived Juna IS — Ekta
Gleaner, hence June 14.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived June 13— Schr
Newark, hence JuneJ.7.
PORT TOWNSEN'D— Passed In Juns IS— Br
bark Lord Templetown, henca May 31, for Se
attle.
Sailed outward June. 13 — Schr Meteor, for
Honolulu. S
Hailed June.- 13— Br ship Queen Elizabeth,
for Callao.
EUREKA — Arrived Jun« 17— Schr Fannia
Adele. hence June 5.
Arrived June 13 — Br ship Aberystwltli Castla,
from Sbansbal; schr Nettie Sandborj. henca
June 22; Btmr OrUiba, hence June 17.
PORT LO3 ANGELES— SaiIed June IS— Haw
¦tmr Aztec, for Nanalmo.
SELA.TTLE— Arrived June 17— Br itmr Duke of
Fife, from Yokohama; Br itmr Energla. from.
Port Ludlow.
Stmr Garonca reported anchored off Nunlvai
Island June a, from Seattle, for Cape Nome.
Sailed June IS— Ship May Flint, for San Fran
cisco.
CLEARED.
Monday. June IS.
Stmr City of Para. Zeeder. Panama, etc:
Pacific Mall S S Co.
Br ship Balmoral, Roop, Qaeenstown; Glrrla
& Eyre.
Bark Mohican, Kelly, Honolulu; Welch ft Co.
SAILED.
Monday. Jua» 13.
Etznr City of Para, Ze«der, Panama, etc
Stmr Mlneola, David. Nanalmo.
Etmr Santa Kosa, Alexander, San Dlmjo.
Btrnr Navarro, Jensen, Bowens Lar.J.u.-.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. Caspar.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendocinot
Stmr Tlllaznook. Hughes. Fort BragK.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, Bear Harbor.
Ship Occidental, Bennett, Seattle.
Schr Newark, <Beck. Bowens Landir.j.
Schr La Glroncfe. Hansen. Grays Harbor.
Bchr M.ttliti. Olsen. Kureka.
SPOKEN.
May 24, lat 14 N, lon 28 W— Br ihlp Acamax
from Hamburg, tor San Franciico.
TELEGRAPHIC.
ARRIVED.
. Monday, Jon* is.
Stair W H Eraser. Krog, SO hours frets Saa
Pedro.
Stmr South Coast. Oisea. 14 hoar* from Al
bion.
Strar State of California, Gage. 13 hotus Crocx
Portland, via Astoria 43 hours.
Br stmr Doric. days from, Hoo«fcon«. Tla
Yokohama and Honolulu. •
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morsaa. 4 day*
from Nanalmo.
Schr Impossible, Low. S boon from Point
Reyes.
MONDAY. Juno li— 4 p. rn
Bld.Ask.
Alpha OS 04
Alta 03 04
Andes 06 07
Belcher IS 19
Best & Belcher. 26 28
Bullion 04 05
Caledonia 1 15 1 25
Chollar 19 20
Challenge Con.. 13 15
Confidence 64 66 1
Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 65
Con Imperial... — 01
Con New York. — 02
Eureka Con — 60
Crown Point.... 08 10
Exchequer ..... 01 02
Gould & Curry. 13 14 1
Hale & Norcrs. 25 27
Julia 01 02.
Justice 06 08
Kentuck oi
Lady Wash 02 03
Mexican 20 22
Occidental 13 14
Ophir 75 7 8
Overman ....... 17 15
fotosl 13 19
Savage u 17
Scorpion 02 —
Seg Belcher 04 06
Sierra Nevada. 2S 29
Silver Hill 35 40
St Louis eg _1
Standard 4 00 —
Syndicate — OS
Union Con 20 22
Utah 14 15
Yellow Jacket.. 13 15
Afternoon Session.
g50 Con Cal & Va..l 55
800 Gould & Curry. 13
100 Mexican 20
200 Ophir 76
250 Silver Hill...... 14
100 Standard 4 CO
200 Yellow Jacket.. 14
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
300 Belcher 19
200 Best & Belcher. 28
300 Gould & Curry. 14
session.
150 Sierra Nevada. W
200 Utah it
Mofnlng Session.
Following were the sales In th« Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
JPO Andes 0«
200 Belcher IS
400 Best A Belcher. 27
200 Chollar 1»
400 Con Cal & Va..l 55
100 Confidence 65
fOO Crown Point.... 09
200 Gould A Carry. IS
100 Mexican _. 21
200 Savage is
100 Standard ......4 00
500 Union Con 21
Afternoon Session.
COO Andes 07
100 Belcher IS
100 Best & Belcher. 27
100 Caledonia 1 05
200 Gould & Curry. 15
200 Ophir TJ
300 Ophir 79
20 Ophir go
300 Savaga ......... 17
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the San Franoisca
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
Afternoon Session. ?
Board—
200 Home Oil 4 25
100 American Fuel so
Street —
200 West Lake _. ci
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE,
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Ean Joaquin 1 10
Street—
E0 Hana Plantation Co 8 50
175 Honokaa 8 Co 83 25
26 Makawell B Co 47 62*4
Board—
10 California Fruit Canners", b 19. 99 00
40 California Safe Deposit 106 00
100 Contra Costa Water 70 50
15 Market Street Railway 63 25
10 Mutual Electric Light 10 50
$3C^0 Northern Railway of Cal 6s 117 50
25 Paauhau S P Co 31 23
15 Paauhau S P Co 31 12^4
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 00
Afternoon Session.
10 Contra Costa Water 70 62tf
10 Contra Costa Water — 70 50
45 Paauhau S P Co - 31 25
60 S F Gas A Electric Co 47 62*4
40 S F Gaa & Electric Co 47 87^4
60 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 10 47 S7H
25 Spring Valley Water 94 87%
Board —
Morninr Session.
TJ S Bonds —
Is quar coup..ll5%115>4
<s do reg 114MH4
4s do cj> new..l31Vil35!4
4s do cp new.. 134*4135'.;
Miscellaneous —
•Cal-st Cab 5s.. 119 —
C C Water 5«.109H —
Ed L & P 6«..12S>* —
F 4 a Ry 6s.. — US
Geary-st R 5s. — 89
H C & S 5H». — —
Do 6s — 106%
L A Ry Es 1043£l06Vt
L A Lt Co 6a. — —
Do gntd 6s.. — —
L A gntd 5s... 100 —
L A P R R 6s. — 104
Market-st 6s... 123 —
Do 1st M 6s. 113% —
N C N G R 7s. — 114
N R of Cal 6s.H5%117
Do 5s 117 IIS
N P C R R 6s.l01 —
Do 6b — 109
N Cal R R 6s.lU —
Oak G L&H53.U1 —
Oak Tran 6s.. — 120
Oak W Co Cs.. — —
Oceanic S Co.. 105 1C6
Om C Ry 6s. .128 —
P & CI Ry 68.104^ —
P & O R R 6s.Ha —
Powell-st R 63.120 —
Sac L & GRSs. — —
S F & SJV es.iisH —
S Ry of Cal 6s.lllVi —
S P Of A 6s, ..114 —
Do (1905) ....110 110%
Do (1906) ....111»4113
Do (1912) ....119 122^4
8 P Br 6s 130 —
E V Water Ss.115 —
Do 48 103 103%
Do 3d mtg...l01 102
Stocktn Gas Ss »9 —
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 70% 70H
Marin County. SO —
8prlng Valley. 94T» —
Gas & Electric-
Cent G L Co.. — —
Cent L & P Co 3«4 —
Eqult G L Co. Zhi. 3V4
[Mutual El Co. IMi 11
O G L & H..,. 46ft —
jPas Gas Imp.. 46 47
Pac L Co — 45
SCJ* G & E.... 43 4SV6
San Francisco. 4*4 6
£tkn G & E Co 10 —
Insurance —
Flrem's Fund.228% —
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. S3 C7
Bank of Cal... — —
Cal S D & T.10G —
First Natlanl. — 230
Lon P & A....1J2 —
Merchants' Ex 15 —
Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Savings Banks —
Ger S & L ISM —
Hum S & L.. — —
Mut Sav Bk.. 43 —
S F Sav U....505 —
Sav & L So.... 74 73
Sec Sav Bk.>... — —
Union T Co.... — —
Street Railroads —
California ....122^13
Geary-st 60 —
Market-st Ry. 63 —
O S L & H... 46 BO
Presidio 15 21
Powder Stocks-
Calif ornla ....160 179
Giant Con Co. S5-H 87
Vigorit 2% 3&
Sugar fuflcs —
Hana S P Co. 3»i 8^
Haw C & S Co — —
Honokaa S Co 23M 33H
Hutch S P Co. 25% 23T»
Kllauea S Co. 20V» —
Makawell S Co 47 48
Onomea S Co. 27^4 28
Paauhau S Co. Sl*» 31ft
Miscellaneous—
Al Pack Asen.117% —
Cal FTuit Aen. — 99%
Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Oceanic S Co.. 92% 9*
Pac A F A.... 2 -
Pac C Bor Co.150 —
Par Paint Co.. 10 — ,
MONDAY. June IS— 2 p. m
Bid. Ask
Bld.Ask
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The following dividends will be paid on the
20th: Spring Valley Water. 42 cents; Central
Light and Power, 6 cents; California. Powder.
$1; California Fruit Canners', 60 cents; Hutch
lnson Plantation. 25 cents.
Hawaiian Commercial will pay a dividend of
50c on the 25tb.
Local stocks and bonds were very dull yes
terday and prices showed no Important changes.
Generally cloudy weather prevail* over ffath-
Ing-ion. Oregon, Idaho, Western Montana and
Northern Nevada; elsewhere west of the Rocky
Mountains the weather is clear, except fo<;gy
tlor.g the central ccast of California. Light
rain h&e fallen over Washington and Western
Oregon.
Tne pressure Is rising along the Paciflc Coast
end failing over the upper Missouri Valley.
The temperature has risen tn all districts ex
cept Northern Washington.
Conditions are Savorjtbie for fair weather In
California Tuesday.
Forecafct made at Baa Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. June IS. 1S00:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; light west
*-:ad.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Fair Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday,
with log in tiie afternoon; freeh west wind.
' a. H. W1LLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
? •
FORECAST.
SAX FRANCISCO. June IS— 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 66 ¦ San Diego £}
Fresno S6 Sacramento 82
Los Angeles S! San Luis Oblspo hi
Red Bluff fe4 Mount Tamal pals.... SI
Independence 90;
San Francisco data: WnrinmiTi temperature,
64; minimum. 12; mean, CS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS A*D GENERAL
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weatlvcr Report.
Kor Central America — 126 pkgs groceries. 4S£
pkgs hardware. Li cs oil. 14 c« turpentine, 54
j-kps pipe, 6 pkps belting, 100 bbls tallow,
CO bbls resin, Z2 cs asphaltum, ; bbls tar,
6 pkss machinery. 17 pkgs ironware, 32 pkgs
¦wire goods, 4S0 gals beer, 85 sks malt. 36 cs
dry goods, 20 bbis cement. 11 cs whisky. 20
>.--i.-~ nails, 5 cs varnish. 8 tins matches, 6 i ¦
dried fruit, 1000 brick, 1017 gals wine. 6 cs
etationery. 16,510 tbs rice, 12 pkgs salt fish,
162 cr potatoes, 1240 K>s lard, 16J8 bbls flour,
10 bdls brooms, El pkgs car material, 16 pkgs
epices. 21 bxs soap. 500 cs bluestone. € pkgs
tank material. 1S.2U0 ft lumber. S cs paste. 26S
cs coal oil, 61 bdls paper, 60 kegs white lead.
:00 Eks malt, 7 cr photograph goods, 45 cs
c&nneJ good!. 100 tons coal, 47 ce drugs, C760
lbs lard. 22 cs candles. C6.S4O railroad ties. In
transit to Panama — 4S cs cur.'os. vaiued at $000.
For New York— 145.238 gals Ti-lne, 10$ eks glue,
I cs bocks, 4 ce horns, 2C0 cs asphaltum, 177
bdls acrap leather, :."..:."¦•¦ lbs wocL
The Fteamer City cf Para cleared yesterday
for Panama and way ports with a cargo valued
as follows: For Mexico. $14.S:4; for Central
America, J42.7S:; for New York. SS3.005; total
value. :;<".c;:. Among the principal shipment*
were Included the following:
For Mexico— 1C2 pkps Iron. 4S0 gals beer, 1463
gale t cs wine. 7t>50 Tbs quicksilver. 7S pkgs
Ironware, 5 cs oil. SO cs coal oil. 10 bdls )»ags,
345 tbls flour, ISO cs candles, 40 bars IS sheets
¦teel, 25 cs dry goods. 43 cr potatoes,- 7 cr
onions. 146 pkgs groceries. 25 c« arms and
ammunition, 6 cs paste. 25 kegs staples. 20
rkg» hardware. 79.4&S it lumber. 16 pkgs mill
work. 4 l»ne coal, 12 ce eplkes. 20 cs soda.
4 pkgi machinery. In transit— 20 cs fans, 50
cs fireworks. S cs curios, 1 cs eilk, 6 cs as
sorted merchandise: value $1160.
Mcrchandis'e for Central America.
The British chip Ralmnral cleared yesterday
for Qawnttown with M.fPS ctls barley, valued
et C71SOJ end :4.000 ft h-mber dunnage valued
at (310; total value. tTC.SCl.
Barley Shipment.
Wheat charters from this port prior to ar
rival are the Lord Elgin. Europe, 4Is 3d; Many
down. ean:e business, including barley, S7s 6d.
The Eva loads iuc&r at Kuhnrul for thlm
port.
The Blacktraes Is chartered for wheat to
Europe. 40s.
Charters.
NEW- YORK. June 18.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram eaji:
The Chinese crisis depressed all the markets
here to-day, but business was light and Lon
don Inclined to buy American railroad stocks
5. 1 the _ Io yer Price, especially Northern Pacifies.
N ew York, however, sold, and the close was at
uxe lowe«. Money rates wer* unchanged. The
London Market.
NEW YORK, June 18.— Money on call easy
at 1%©1% per cent; last loan. 1% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 3%@4% per cent.
Sterling exchange easy, with business In bank
ers' bills at $4 8734 87% for demand and at
U S4>iS4 84% for sixty days: ported rates
J4 £5%g4 8$%; commercial bills. «4 83«®4 S4 #
Silver certificates. 60G61c; bar silver? M%c
e£v- Ca R, a ,i 01^™,- <7 .* C - ¦ Government ' bSiifi.
tf*i' 8tat0 boa d». inactive; railroad bonds
easy. ( •
New York Money Market.
4S2.C00 Shares foM
CLOSING BONDS
U S refunding 2s
when Issued reg:.103
Do coupon 103%
D S 2s reg 100
Do 3s reg 109
Do Ss coupon. ...109
Do new <a reg..l34»i
Do new 4s coup.. 134%
Do oM 4a reg.. ..114%
Do old 4a coup.. 115%
Do Es reg 113%
Do f,s coupon 1J3%
Dlst of Col 3. 63s.. 123
Atchlson gen 4s... 100%
Atchison adi 4b... 83%
Canada So 2nds...lO€%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.. 99
Do Es H6
Chi & N con 7s... 143
CtSSF Deb Es.117%
Chi Term 4a 95%
Colo So 4s S5%;
Den & n a lsts.. 103 i
Do 4s SSVi I
E Tenn. V & Gls.103%
Erie Gen 4s 70%
F W & D C lets. 70%
Gen Elect 5s 117%
lovra Cent Iste 112
Kan C. P & O lsts 70
L & N unified 4s.l00%
M. K & T 9nd».... ee\
Do 4s 597?
N Y Cent lsta....Ui
N J C een 5s 122
Nor Pac 3s 66%
Nor Pac 4s 1041*
N Y. C & St L 4s. 106%
1 Nor & W con 4s.. 97%
Or Nav lats 109
I Do 4s 102%
iOr S Line 6s 107
'Or S Line con 6s. 113%
!Mead Gen 4s S7u
IB O West lsu...:. 99%
8 L & I m con Es.110%
15 L & 8 F ren 6s. 125
St Paul con 169
St P. C & p lsts.120
Do Es X2O%
So Paciflc 4s 79%
Bo Ry 5s in
Stan R ic T 6s.-... 68
Tex & Pac lsts 112%
IM 2nds 55
Union Pac 4s 106
Wabash lsts 114
Do. 2nds 101%
W'est Shore 4s 114U
Wls Cent lsts 90
Va Centuries 92
IsEW YORK MINING 8TOCKS.
Chollar jo
Crown Point 07
Con Cal & Va 1 4t
Deadwood 45
Gould & Curry.... 10
Hale & Norcross.. 24
Homestake SC 00
Iron Silver C8
Mexican 20
Ontario . • ro
ophir :::;; ?¦»
Plymouth 10
Quicksilver 1 to
Do prefd 7 50
Sierra Nevada . 23
Standard j oo
Union Con jg
Yellow Jacket .... 11
1S.2S5 Baltimore & Ohlc 74*4
100 Canadian Pacific 91?i
7f>& Canada Southern 49
2,630 Chesapeake & Ohio 25V4
2.S35 Chicago Great Western 10
81,150 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 124
Chicago Ind & Louisville 20
115 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 49»£
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 97
'SO Chicago & Northwestern 157
10,230 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 104H
1.400 C C C & St Louis 56
1,200 Colorado Southern 6%
4 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 414
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16^a
€10 Delaware & Hudson Ill
6S0 Delaware Lack «c Western 176>4
100 Denver & Rio Grande 17
LL2o Denver & Rio Grande prefd 65>4
U9 Erie 11
220 Erie 1st prefd 32H
1,140 Great Northern prefd 14S
200 Hocking Coal 13
Hocking Valley HSi
850 Illinois Central 111%
700 Iowa Central 171&
100 Iowa Central prefd 46
Kansas City Plttsburg & Gulf 16%
S00 Lake Erie & Western 2S
Lake Erie & Western prefd 92
Lake Shore 208
7,750 Louisville & Nashville 74^i
4.240 Manhattan L S7H
1.950 Metropolitan Street Railway 151H
710 Mexican Central 11*4
4,665 Minneapolis & St Louis 4SVs
400 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd £8
26.875 Missouri Paciflc 4S&
Mobile & Ohio m 36
200 Missouri Kansas & Texas 10
2,010 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 30
C30 New Jersey Central 12<tt4
J.910 New York Central 12S
4.4S0 Norfolk & Western 32VA
Norfolk & Western prefd 76
73.730 Northern Pacific 50%
1,105 Northern Pacific prefd 7S
2,055 Ontario & Western Htt
Oregon Railway & Nav *. 42
• Oregon Railway &. Nav prefd 70
14.7SO Pennsylvania 127H
1,220 Reading 16'^
6.S25 Reading 1st prefd 05^
SOO Reading 2d prefd 27Vi
Rio Grande Western 56
Rio Grande Western prefd S8
St Louis & San Fran 9H
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 67>4
E20 Bt Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 32H
200 St Lbuls Southwestern &\b
S00 St Louis Southwestern prefd 22»4
23.120 St Paul Ul?i
1S5 St Paul prefd 171
St Paul & Omaha 118
10,330 Southern Paciflc 80%
2,440 Southern Railway 10*/4
6.000 Southern Railway prefd SOVfe
1,M.% Texas A Pacific 14 s *
400 Third Avenue 106
J4.sno Union Pacific *>0H
Sj,2S6 Union Pacific prefd "1%
Wabash ..-• 7%
2.IM Wabash prefd 15%
2,900 Wheeling & Lake Erie 8
600 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 21*4
700 Wisconsin Central 1*
Express companies—
Adams U<
....... American -•• 152
United States 45
Wells-Fargo 1»
Miscellaneous
no American Cotton Oil 31
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
American Malting 3
300 American Malting prefd 20
2,330 Arajerlcan Smelting & Refining 34%
£45 American Smelting & Refin prefd.. S9H
American Spirits 2Vi
American Spirits prefd 17
760 American Steel Hoop 18^4
200 American Steel Hoop prefd ......... 68
12.7C0 American Steel & Wire 30%
7W American Steel & Wire prefd 71
2.S2J American Tin Plate 1SH
100 American Tin Plate rrefd 73
15.SM American Tobacco SSH
American Tobacco prefd 129
950 Anac&nda Mining Co ZiVt
1.970 Iirocklyn Rarld Transit 66%
4.070 Colorado Fuel & Iron 30%
1.745 Continental Tobacco 22
900 Continental Tobacco prefd .......... 78
9.S5T. Federal Steel 30%
1.650 Federal Steel prefd 63
L100 General Electric 130%
100 Glucose Sugar 47%
Glucose Sugar prefd S8
200 International Paper 2Z\
100 International Paper preffi $5
200 Laclede Gas 72%
" €75 National Biscuit 28
National Biscuit prefd '. 79%
National Lead ... 18%
National Lead prefd 95 '
1,250 National Steel, 24%
National Steel prefd {5
New York Air Brake 128
1.500 North American us
P C C A Bt Louis 56U
200 Pacific Coast 4}
Paciflc Coast 1st prefd £2
Pacific Coaet 2d prefd 69
750 Pacific Mall „ 26%
10.7S0 People's Gas &g
910 Pressed Steel Car 43
Pressed Bteel Car prefd 7a
£00 Pullman Palace Car 179
440 Republic Iron & Steel i(M
210 Republic Iron & Steel prefd M% '
1.460 Standard Rop« & Twin* 4% '
25,280 Su»rar luS '
.... . Sugar prefd m
6,370 Tennessee Coal & Iron 63T4 ]
1.610 United State* Leather ; g5
United States Leather prefd 6«2
2*5 United States Rubber ,„. 251X ]
United States Rubber prefd .......'." 941I <
1.531 Western Union ......" 79«
TO SAII*
THE STOCK MARKET.
Another advance in Wheat. Barley steadier.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay steady and Feedstuffs firm.
Beans and Seeds as prrjiously quoted.
Silver and Excliange uncliangcd.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Meat market as before quoted.
Provisions dull and xvcak.
Light receipts and firm markets for Fruit and Vegetables.
Buticr and Eggs still drag. Cheese steady.
Light receipts of Eastern Poultry.
Hides dull, zveak and accumulating.
The week started with business rather quiet
In the market for evaporated apples. The un
dertone, however, was very steady on the light
receipts and the disposition of sellers to hold
off for higher rates.. At the close prices were
tending toward a higher level. California dried
fruits were inactive and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
4'4<3 > 5e; prime, 5?i<g6c; choice. 6%@7c; fancy,
7H<93c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3y.@7c.
APRICOTS — Royal, 12&@14c; Moorpark, 15
(glSc.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@20c: unpeeled, 6@9c
DRIED FRUITS,
As heretofore, crop news Impelled the ad
vance, the Southwest to-day also furnish
ing bull advices to supplement spring wheat
news. Closed Irregular, at 3Vic to 3»ic net ad
vance. July, 79^@S3%c, closed E3c; September,
S0Vi@S4%c, closed 84^c. In the afternoon the
market was stronger than ever, July rushing
up to S3Hc, representing 4c advance for the day,
and ll*ie rise since the present bull movement
began. Attending this late upturn was a re
newal of excited outside buying and covering
by tbe local short Interest. It was rumored
that Wall street was also Interested on the
bull side. Transactions for the day footed up
about 6.000.000 bushels.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, easy; No. 7 Invoice, 8ftc;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 9J4<gl3%c.
The market for coffee futures closed steady
at a net decline of 10 to 15 points.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDKS- Steady.
SUGAR— Strong; centrifugal yellow, 4%@5c;
seconds, Sfl4\ic. Molasses quiet and nominal.
BUTTER — Firm; creamery extra, 16@19^4c;
factory. 13MjJ?16c.
EGGS— Fijn; Western, loss off, 13!4@14%c;
Western, at mark. 10Q'14c.
WHEAT-Recelpts. 152.200 bushels; exports,
297,600 bushels. Spot— Strong; No. 2 red, 89V4c
f. o. b. afloat: No. 2 red, S6c elevator. Options
— vi ere exceedingly strong, with an active and
at times excited speculative trade, including
heavy Northwest and general outside buying:
and feverish local covering.
NEW YORK, June IS.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23,000; exports. 22,600. Strong and 10c to 15c
higher on the big upturn In wheat. Winter
patents, $3 80@4 10; winter straits, $3 65@3 75;
Minnesota patents. $4@4 30; winter extras, $2 65
Q3 10. /
New York Grain and Produce
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, June 18.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold res'erve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $149,711,771; gold, $70,479,700..
* — — — -.
Atchlson. 21%; Canadian Pacific, 94%; Union
Pacific preferred, 74%; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 75^i; Grand Trunk, 6H: Anaconda, 8H-
Bar silver, firm. 27 ll-16d. Money, 1@1^4 per
CLOSING
°* England received £34.000 gold on bal
ance. There was a strong demand In Paris for
gold In the open market at 76s 9&d. Copper
statistics showed a slight Increase In stocks.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CALX. CALENDAR.
June. 1300.
Previous quotations rule. Hogs and Mutton
being, firm and : Beef easy.
BEEF— 5®6Vfferper lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 6@7}£c: small, 8@9c p«r lb.
MUTTON-Wethers, 7%®8c; ewis? 7©7Vo per
LAMB— Spring, 8$4@9c per pound. '-'. -
. PORK— Live Hogs. 6c for ¦mall. SitOWo for
San Francisco Meat Market.
- The circular of W. B. Sumner 8c Co. says:
"There Is an accumulation of wet salted hides
In the local market, and until there Is some
change at Eastern points or hides decline to a
shipping* basis, we must expect a very dull
market. Dry hides and calfskins continue
very ¦ dull, while receipts are steadily increas
ing. Horse hides ar»dull at lower prices, with
a poor demand. Owing to large receipts from
foreign points deerskins are plentiful and sell
slowly. Goatskins sell readily."
• HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sei:
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9U«10c: medium, 9c: light. 8«4c; Cow
hides, 8%(&9c:" Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 8V4c; Calf
lie; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands'
14c; Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 17c; Sheepl
skins, 8hearllngs, 20®30c each; short Wool. 350
60c each; medium, 70@90c: long Wool, $l@l 23
each: Horse Hides $1 75#2 for large and 75c©
$1 25 for small: Colts. 25@50c. Deerskins— Sum
mer or red skins 37H@40c; fall or medium
skins. S2H@35o; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat-
Bklns— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth
60c; medium, 35c. *
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb: No X.
3c: refined, 5V4c: grease. 2%c. . *
WOOL— Spring clip la quotable as follows-
Northern free. 15@16c; -Northern defective 13
@15c: Middle County, free. 15@17c: Middle
County, defective. 13<ftl5c: Southern Mountain
12 months', I2©13c: ¦ Southern Mountain, free'
7 months'. ll@13c: Southern Mountain, defec
tive. 7 months'. lO@12c: Humboldt and Mendo
dno. 17@19c: Nevada, 14@l7c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 6© He per lb; new, lOc.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
Weakness and dullness are still the feature*
of this market, iwlth local cutting In Hams.
Bacon and Lard.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10@10%c per lb for
heavy. WViOlO&c for light medium, U\c for
light. 12^4c for extra light and 14^0 for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12@13c;
Mess Befif, $12 per bbl; extra Mess. $13: Family,
$14: -extra Prime Pork, $15: extra clear. $19;
Mess, $16 60; Smoked Beef. 12%@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 8%c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
S%c: 10-lb tins. 9%c;"5-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 8»4®8So per lb; half
barrels. 8&@8%c; 10-lb tins, 9%c . «
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There are no further changes to note.
DRIED FRUITS— Old crop— Prunes. In sacks
4@4V4c for 40-50's. S%@3a;c for 50-60* s, 3%@3^.c for
60-70" 8, 3@3Uc for 70-SO's. 2%@3c for 80-9CS and
2=i©*%c for 90-100's. Peaches, 44@4%c for Stand
ards. 5c for choice and 5%06c for fancy; Peeled
Peaches 10<S12Hc: Evaporated Apples, 6H@«c;
sun-dried. 3©4c per Ib; Pears. 3H@4Hc for dark
and 7®8c for bright halves; Black Figs, isi@2c;
White Figs. 263c: Bleached Plums. 7Hc; Un
bleached Plums. 6c for pitted and lftc for un-
P NEW CROP— Apricots, 7%o per lb her* and
7c In the country: ,
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb 10c; choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. 8%c; choice. 7%c; standard, 6Hc;
prime 5c: unbleached Sultanas. Be; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 6Hc;
S-crown 6>ic; 4-crown. ic; London Layer*. 2
crown 'll 60 per box; S-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 60; Imperial, S3. All
price* are f. o. b. at common shipping points
NUTS— VTa'lnuNi, 8i??9c for ' Standards and 9Q
10c for softshells; Almonds, 11%@12c for paper
shell, 9@10c for soft and 4©5c for hardshell;
Peanuts. E*i@6%c for Eastern and 6c for Califor
nia; Brazil Nuts. 7V4@8o: Filberts. 12®12}4c:
Pecans ll©13c: Cocoanuts. $4 &0©5.
HONEY— Comb. 12^<S13c for bright and 010
12c for light amber; water white extracted. 7%®
"ttc; light amber . extracted, 6%®7c; dark, 8c
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Almost everything was In light receipt yes
terday, and prices ruled 6teady In consequence.
Peaches were scarce and prices advanced 1 .
Berries continued cheap. Stocks of Plums were
much lighter than on the same day last week,
as the canners have been cleaning up the sur
plus stocks.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS—25@65o per box and crate for
Royals: In baskets. 2O@35c; in bulk. S20@40 per
ton to the trade and S10«?20 to the canners.
APPLES— 15@25c Der basket and 25@75c for
Rod Astrachans. larce boxes.
PEARS— 15®50c per box; In baskets, 15CT25o.
PLUMS — 25@'50c per box and orate and 2O@3Oc
per basket: in bulk, IVrfilS per ton: Cherry
Plume, 15<?T25c for drawers and 25<330c for
boxes; Tragedy Prunes. 5C!?75c per crate.
BTRAWBERRIES-I2 50@3 50 per chest for
large and $3«?5 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $3<f)5 r>*-r cnefit.
BLACKBERRIES*- $2 25<<T3 per cheat.
LOGAN BERRIES— «4 50@5 per chest.
CURRANTS— $2{?3 50 per chest.
FIGS-Per box, 25@40c for single and 40@85c
for double layer?. •
PEACHES — 10c@Sl per box and 60©90e per
basket.
GRAPES— From Yuma, $1 50(32 per crate.
CHERRIES— 35@50c per box for black; Royal
Anne. 40tf!65c. In bulk, 3@5c for black and
4@£e for Royal Anne.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings. 75c(g$l 50: Med
iterranean Sweets, SI 25^2; Valencias, T2@2 75;
Lemons, llffrl E0 for common and $202 50 for
food to choice; Mexican Limes, S4@5; Bananas,
150^3 per bunch; Pineapples. $3 5004 per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Some dealers are quoting Butter lower, but
fancy creamery will bring the quotations. The
market Is dragging, however. Eggs,' too, are
elow of sale, with free stocks. Cheese is un
changed.
butter— .
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 19®20c; seconds,
lS@lSVic.
Dairy-Fancy, 18c; good to choice, 16tt®17tfc;
common, 14gl5c.
CHEESE— New. 8@9c: Young America. 9®
Sttc: Eastern. 16@17e:"Western. 15@16c per lb.
EGGS — Quoted at 14315%o for store and 17®
19c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 15%@16c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
A car of Eastern came in and another Is ex
pected to-day.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@Uc for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
SlfiTl 25; Goslings. $1@1 25; Ducks. S3 50@5 for
old and S3 C0(g5 for young; Hens, Hti'5: young
RooRters, S5<@6; old Roosters, S3 50@4; Fryers,
!3 50@4: Broilers, $3fi3 DO for large and Jl ~Yit
2 25 for small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for
old and Sl@l 25 for Squabs.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of everything were light and the
market was In better shape. Hotatoes and
Onions were rather firmer. Oregon Potatoes
are almost cleaned up. Vegetables are firm.
POTATOES— Oregon Burbanks, 65@85c; New
Potatoes. 40@75c per ctl.
ONIONS— New Red. 35@65c; Sllversklna. 85c®
SI per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, $1®1 75 per sack
and $1 50@l 75 per crate for Vacavllle and SI 75
©2 25 for bay; Rhubarb, 25<S'75c per box; As
parague, 75c®$l 75 per box for common to choice
and i2'«2 50 for fancy large; Green Peas. Sl@
1 25 per sack; String Beans, 2fg-5c; Cabbage. 40
@50c; Tomatoes, 60c<f?Jl 26; Egg Plant, 5®8c;
Green Okra, ; Green Peppers, 10^20c; Dried
Peppers. 84?10c; Carrots, 25<&25c per sack; Sum
mer Squash, 25@50c per box for Vacavllle and
75c@$l for A lameila; Cucumbers, . tl'ifl 50 for
Alameda and 60<Q>75c per box for Marysvllle;
new Garlic, 3c per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
AH quotations under this head remain un
changed. The feeling In Hay Is steady and In
Feedstuffs firm.
BRAN— 112 50@13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-J17@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. |15®1« per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27: Jobbing,
*27 60®28; Cocoanut Cake J20®2l: Corn Meal.
$25: Cracked Corn. $25 50: Mixed Feed. J15 50.
WAY— Wheat, $7 50@9 50 for common to goo4.
J1C@1O CO for choice: Wheat and Oat. $7 60010;
Oat. $6 50@8 50; Alfalfa. 1507 50 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer. $4 50@6 50: Wheat.
J6 bom; Clover, $4 60®6; Alfalfa, S5@7; Barley,
J4 50<§6 60 per ton.
STRAW-25«37%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is nothing new to report. . The demand
Is slack all around.' \
BEANS— Bayos. J2 85@3; small White. S3 25®
3 40; large White, J2 75@3: Pink. $2 B0®2 90;
Red. $2 50@3; Blackeye. S3 50@3 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 30@5 40; Pea. S3 40®3 SO; Red
Kidneys. $4@4 80.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. SI 9OfiT2 20; Canary. 3tto
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 2ft@3c; Hemp. 4@4Ho;
Timothy. 4@4V4e.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. {1 90@2 26; Green, fl 90
02 25 per ctl.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
prices. Thus far. however, tbe local situation
remains unchanged. * ¦
rLOUR— California family extras. J3 6001 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40<&3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 25Q3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: • Graham
Flour, J2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75; Rye
Meal." 12 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $2 25@3 60; Buck
wheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. J3 25:
Farina. 14 50; Whole Wheat Flour, J3; Rolled
Oats (barrels) J6@7 X* In sacks, JS 75@7; Pearl
Barley. SB; Split Peas, -^5; Green Peas. $5 60 per
100 lbs.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June IS.— Wheat excited and prices
lHc higher In sympathy with Eastern markets
Bluestem, 57c; club, t&c, both for export.
PORTLAND. Or.. June 18.— In the Portland
market the Influence of Liverpool backward
ness and high freights is preventing the fullest
participation In the advance of wheat, but deal
ers are quoting 5Gc for No. 1 Walla Walla with
about a cent more possible- for choice stock.
Valley Is steady at 54S55c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Or., June 18. — Clearings, $249,
937; balances. JC5.66S.
Portland's Business.
CORN— Spot— Firm; American mixed new, Ss
lOVld. Futures— Firm: IJuly, 2s lid; Septem
ber. 4s.
FLOUR — St. Louis fancy winter, steady;
7s 8d.
WHEAT— St>ot— Firm: No. 1 red Northern
spring. 6s; No. 1 California, 6s 2d@6s 3d. Fu
tures — Strong; July. 6s %i; September, 6s %d;
December, nominal.
CLOSING,
LIVERPOOL.- June 18.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California. 6s IdfffCs 3d; wheat tn
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 6 l-3Sd.
LONDON'. June IS. — Consols. 101 8-16; stiver,
27 ll-16d; French rentes, lOOf 37%c; cargoes on
passage, sellers asking 3d more; English
country markets, firm; Import Into United
Kingdom, wheat, 577,000; Import Into United
Kingdom, Sour, 305.000; wheat and flour on pas
sage to United Kingdom, 2,560.000; wheat and
flour on passage to Continent, 1,480,000.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, June IS.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat on
Saturday. June 16. as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange is as follows:
Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat 44,175.000 232.000
Corn 11.230,000 2,000
O»ts 5.891.000 183.000
Rye 693.000 24.000
Barley 770,000 9,000
Visible Grain S 'tip ply.
The active business in the New York Cotton
Exchange recently, together with the estab
lishment of a uniform commission rule, haa
resulted In a sharp advance In tbe value of
memberships. The sale of a seat was reported
to-day at J3G0O.
NEW YORK, June 18.— Shorts came In for
severe punishment on the Cotton Exchange to
day, but the bull faction was In no humor
to follow up their advantage, owing to' the
presence of weak cables from Liverpool and
bearish political news from the Far East Th«
market closed steady, 3®5 points net higher.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
receipts of tin.
cal market for tin eased off somewhat, but was
finally dull In tone at $30 25^30 50. Lake Cop
per was dull and unchanged at {16 50. Lead
wa» unsettled at $3 72%@3 77%. Spelter ruled a
little easier on lack of demand, closing weak
In tone, at $4 20@4 25. Pigiron warrants were
very weak and nominally quoted at S14 50. The
brokers' price for lead was J3 60 and for cop
per $16 DO.
Under these Influences the lo-
NEW YORK, June 18. — The market for metals
was generally unsettled. The undertone, how
ever, was rather weak, owing, to unfavorable
reports from abroad and the continued large
New York Metal Market.
MONTREAL, Quebec. June 19.— The Earl
Fruit Co. cold California fruit at auction to
day at the following prices: Apricots— Royals,
email crates. J125. Peaches— Alexanders, box
$1 26. crates Jl 65@J1 85. average $1 7L Plums—
Clymans, small crates, $1 4001 75. average Jl 6S.
One car sold to-day. Favorable weather.
CHICAGO. June IS.— The Earl Fruit Co.'s
sales of California fruit at auction to-day are
as follows: Apricots— Royals, small crates, $1 10
<H'l 35. average $1 25. Peaches— Alexanders, box,
60c@$l 35, average 93c. Cherries— Royal Anne,
box. 95c® Jl 30, average $1 07; black Tartar
ians. 33c. Six cars sold to-day. Favorable
weather.
NEW YORK, June 18.— The Earl Fruit Co.
realized the following. prices for California fruit
sold at auction to-day: Apricots— Royals, small
crates, 75c<HJl 05 average $1 01. Peaches—Alex
anders, box, 60c@*l 10, average 77c. Plums— Cly
mans. small crates. ooc(!$tl 35, average 93c.
Cherries— Royal Aiine. box. 70c<j?l2. average
SI 34. Favorable weather. T«n cars sold.
PITTSBURG, June 18.— The Earl Fruit Co.
sold California fruit at auction to-day and real
ized the following prices: Apricots— Royals,
Email crates. $1 10@l 20, average $1 14. Peaches
—•Alexanders, box, $1 20@l 60. average $1 33.
Prunes— Tragedy, small crates. $2 2502 60, aver
age J2 BO. Plums— Small crates, Burbanks, 11 33
@1 CO, average $1 37: Clymans, $1 15<fM 45. aver
nge $1 10; Royal Hatlve. $1 10@l GO, average
$1 20; Mikado, average $1 55; Red June. $1 35®
1 65; average Jl 40. Cherries— Lambert, aver
age $1 05; BLng, |1@1 15, average $1 05. One car
Bold. 1
NEW YORK. June 18.— Porter Bros.' Co.
sales of California fruit: Prunes — Tragedy, Jl 70
@2 So single crates.; Slznonl, $1 50@2 40. Plums—
Burbanks. $1 30®2 70 single crates; Abundance,
U 80@2 15; Red June, $1 20@2; Yosabe. $1 60<3>
1 85: Clymans. G0c@$l GO; Ha'tive, 30c@Jl 40: St.
Catherine, 65@90c; Cherr>\ 95c. Pears— Colonel
Wilder. $1 SOifl 65 half box: Sugar. 60c. Apri
cots — Royal, 80c<8>$l 45 single crates; Montga
mets. Jl. Peaches— Alexander. 45c@U 50 box
and 70$95c single crates; Hale's Early. 60390c
box; Brlggs. May, 75c. Cherries— Royal Anne,
40c@$l 75: Eagles, $1 45: Tartarians, 45c@$l 45;
Centennial. $1 40; Bisrarreau. C5c®$l 60; Republi
can. $1 20; Oregon 45c@*l 15.
Earl Fruit Co. sales: Apricots— Royals, 75c@
$1 05 single crates. Peaches— Alexanders, 60c®
$1 10 box. Plums— Clymans. 55c@Jl 25 single
crates. Cherries— Royal Anne. 70c@J2 box. Ten
cars fruit sold to-day.
CHICAGO. June 18— Earl Fruit Co. s*fle» of
California frulU^Apricots— Royals, Jl 10@l 35.
Peaches— Alexander*, Me®*! 35 box. Cherries-
Royal Anne, 95c@Jl 30 box; Black Tartarians,
33c.
Porter Bros.* Co. sales: Prunes — Simonl. SI 75
©3 single crates; Tragedy, Jl 50@2 40. Plums —
Hurbank, $1 S0@2 30: Eureka. $2 15; peach, tl 65;
Abundance. $1 20#l 65; Red June, 95c@Jl 75;
Clyman. 60c@Jl 40; Royal Hative, $l@l 65; St.
Catherine, SScigSl 05; Cherry. S0*aS5c Apricots-
Royal. "Scig^l 45 single crates; Montgamet. $1 25
fl 30: Newcastles, 50c. Peaches— Alexander, 80c
$1 45 box and 95c<g$l 25 single crates; Gov
ernor Garland. $1 30; Hale's Early, Jl 20@l 30;
Briggs, May, $1 26. Cherries— Royal Anne, 55c
f$l 15; Tartarians, $15c@$l 15; Bigareau. 35c<f9
1 15; Tartarians. 15@tl 15: Blgarreau. SSctfp
box. Six cars fruit sold to-day.
California Fruit Sales.
$4 75@5 25; yearlings. $5 4005 90; .native lambs,
J5(f 6 60; Western lambs, $6@6 75; shorn Colo
rados, J6 75(67; spring lambs, *5@7 25.
steady to strong; good to choice wethers, *4 75®
6 25; fair to choice mixed, |4@5; Western sheep.
8UGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnlng Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, B.SOc; Powdered.
6.40c; Candy Granulated, G.40c: Dry Granulated.
5.30c; Confectioners' A. 5.30c; Magnolia A. 4.90c;
Extra C, 4.S0c; Golden C. 4.70c; barrels. 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes*' 50c more;
.10- lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominoa,
half-barrels. S.05c; boxes. 6.3uc per lb.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; new Welling
ton. *$; Southneld Wellington. SS; Seattle. S«;
Bryant. 16; Coos Bay. J5E0; Wallsend. $3; Co
operative Wallsend. IS; Cumberland, 112 In bulk
and $13 23 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg. 114; Cannel. $11 per ton: Coke. |16 per
ton In bulk and J1S In sacks; Castle Gats and
Rock Springs. $3 45 per 2000 pounds.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. 15 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags, - 6%c; Wool Bags. 2S%®32%c;
Fleece Twine. 7%c. \ s '?::.-'
General Merchandise.
medium and 5%@5%o for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6%c; dressed Hogs. 709c
WASHINGTON*.
3.MS Flaxseed. eks.... T75
Flour, qr sks..
OREGON
Oats, ctls 610/
Flour, qr sks 6.2S0
Wheat, ctls 61,263
Barley, ctls J 4,830
Oats, ctls . 1,300
Corn, ctls 1,750
Rye, ctls 65
Butter, ctls 245
Cheese, ctls 123
Tallow, ctls 23:)
Potatoes, sks 3.227
Onions, sks 415
Bran, sks 750
Middlings, eks... 815
Hay. tons 627
Straw, tons 44
Wool, bales S«
Hides, No 275
Pelts, bdls 105
Sugar, sks 2,715
Chicory, bbls 50
Eggs, doz 15,130
Quicksilver, flsks 45
Wine, gals 4S.C0O
Leather, rolls.... 73
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. JUNE 13.
United States Coast Survey charts, escept
wheu a mlnua sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low wat,»r».
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 19, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
¦
Skipping Intelligence,
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
else
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
ARTICLES. [Receipts. I 8hlpm't«.
Flour, barrels 14,000 9 000
Wheat, bushels 83,000 89,000
Corn, bushels 490,000 1,437,000
Oats. bu6hels ..". 299.000 808,000
Rye, bushels 2,000 .......
Barley, bushels 9,000 • 6,000
Sun
Bun 1
Moon
rises ....« .77^ T^:
H«<Mi * 7.34
. ••....».... U:sl a. m.
O
19 ...
20 ...
HJV LJKT hjv I. W
iiS J:J gig l^liTi 1^^
X* W ' H-W L» -W . Il'w
11? _5? »:" <-0 12:60 2.6 7:24 6.3
! : ?i~?? , 9:21 *•* 1:4S 2 - 8 S:11 «•?
3:23 -fl.7 10:22 4.S 2:40 " J.O 9:00 6.5
<:U l.p 11:18 4.6 S:S2 »1 9 49| «S
i
n ...
w ...
23 ...
24 ...
25 ...
S. I M. I T. I W. I T. I
I F. | S. I Moon' a Phase*.
3 4 6 « 1
"io" 11 12 13 M
U 13 W 20 tl
1 2 T| First Quart*
-5> Jung 4.
_J__1_ /CJ\ *^iU Moon.
15 1« W June 12.
(fT J-M* Quarte
22 23 v^. j ur . e u
24 25 j 2S ( 27 ( 23 [
29 30 A New iloon7
I ! V3P June 2«.
Steamer. I Destination, j Sails. I Pie:
.... , , , . .-.
Carlisle Cty! China A Japan June 19. 10 arntP'.er
Jsewbury ..(Grays Harborjjune 19, 6 pmjPler
Wai. Walla Vtc A Pgt Sd. June 20. U am Pier
Coos Bay... Newport June 20, 9amjP!er
Del Norte... Cooa Bay...... June 21, 8 am; Pier
Corona San Diego June 22, 11 amiP>r
State of Cal Portland June 82. 11 azn Pier
China ...... Chlna&Japan June 22. IPM3J
Orizaba .... Humboldt June 22. 1 pm Pier
Arcata Coos Bay June 24, 19 am Pter
Bontta Newport June 24, 9am!P1er
Umatllla ..Vic & Pgt Sd. June 23. 11 amlPler
North Fork Ilumbolat June 25. • am'P!»r
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. June 25. JpmPlw
Santa Rona San Diego June 28, 11 am[Pi»r ]
¦ n
u
1 3
11
•a
n
M
13
11
?
2
2
a
?
Steamer. -I . From.
Pern (New York
Australia I Honolulu —
Del Nort« (Portland .-.
Umpire ....... ..(Coos Bay
Corona iSan Dletro. ......... .......
Orizaba iHuir.boIdt
Wellington [Oyster Harbor
Cnxu-mi <"irv .u"rMwnt I'itv
urescenc city... crescent <~uy
TTmatilla I Victoria & Puset Sound
Universe JOyster Harbor
Bonlta (Newport
Point Arena.... Mendoctno
North Fork Eureka
Arcata Coos Bay
Matteawan Tacoma
Santa Rosa San LMeso
Columbia Portland
Tttania Nanaimo
Zeaiandla Cape Nome
Cbos Bay Newport »
li.Tui
.|Jui
.iJu:
. Ju:
. Jui
. Jui
. Jur
. Jui
• I Jui
.Jui
.Jui
.IJur
Da 1
ne :
M !
CM !
Hi j
3M '.
OM 2
n>» ;
M 2
M T
n
2"
..'
St
24
ARTICLES. [Receipts. I 8hlpm't«.
Flour, barrels 14,000 9 000
Wheat, bushels 83,000 89,000
Corn, bushels 490,000 1,437,000
Oats. bu6hels ..". 299.000 808,000
Rye, bushels 2,000 .......
Barley, bushels 9,000 • 6,000
Sun
Bun 1
Moon
rises ....« .77^ T^:
H«<Mi * 7.34
. ••....».... U:sl a. m.
O
19 ...
20 ...
HJV LJKT hjv I. W
iiS J:J gig l^liTi 1^^
X* W ' H-W L» -W . Il'w
11? _5? »:" <-0 12:60 2.6 7:24 6.3
! : ?i~?? , 9:21 *•* 1:4S 2 - 8 S:11 «•?
3:23 -fl.7 10:22 4.S 2:40 " J.O 9:00 6.5
<:U l.p 11:18 4.6 S:S2 »1 9 49| «S
i
n ...
w ...
23 ...
24 ...
25 ...
Steamer. I Destination, j Sails. I Pie:
.... , , , . .-.
Carlisle Cty! China A Japan June 19. 10 arntP'.er
Jsewbury ..(Grays Harborjjune 19, 6 pmjPler
Wai. Walla Vtc A Pgt Sd. June 20. U am Pier
Coos Bay... Newport June 20, 9amjP!er
Del Norte... Cooa Bay...... June 21, 8 am; Pier
Corona San Diego June 22, 11 amiP>r
State of Cal Portland June 82. 11 azn Pier
China ...... Chlna&Japan June 22. IPM3J
Orizaba .... Humboldt June 22. 1 pm Pier
Arcata Coos Bay June 24, 19 am Pter
Bontta Newport June 24, 9am!P1er
Umatllla ..Vic & Pgt Sd. June 23. 11 amlPler
North Fork Ilumbolat June 25. • am'P!»r
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. June 25. JpmPlw
Santa Rona San Diego June 28, 11 am[Pi»r ]
¦ n
u
1 3
11
•a
n
M
13
11
?
2
2
a
?
Steamer. -I . From.
Pern (New York
Australia I Honolulu —
Del Nort« (Portland .-.
Umpire ....... ..(Coos Bay
Corona iSan Dletro. ......... .......
Orizaba iHuir.boIdt
Wellington [Oyster Harbor
Cnxu-mi <"irv .u"rMwnt I'itv
urescenc city... crescent <~uy
TTmatilla I Victoria & Puset Sound
Universe JOyster Harbor
Bonlta (Newport
Point Arena.... Mendoctno
North Fork Eureka
Arcata Coos Bay
Matteawan Tacoma
Santa Rosa San LMeso
Columbia Portland
Tttania Nanaimo
Zeaiandla Cape Nome
Cbos Bay Newport »
li.Tui
.|Jui
.iJu:
. Ju:
. Jui
. Jui
. Jur
. Jui
• I Jui
.Jui
.Jui
.IJur
Da 1
ne :
M !
CM !
Hi j
3M '.
OM 2
n>» ;
M 2
M T
n
2"
..'
St
24
S. I M. I T. I W. I T. I
I F. | S. I Moon' a Phase*.
3 4 6 « 1
"io" 11 12 13 M
U 13 W 20 tl
1 2 T| First Quart*
-5> Jung 4.
_J__1_ /CJ\ *^iU Moon.
15 1« W June 12.
(fT J-M* Quarte
22 23 v^. j ur . e u
24 25 j 2S ( 27 ( 23 [
29 30 A New iloon7
I ! V3P June 2«.PRETTY HELLO GIRL
SECRETLY MARRIED
OAKLAND, June 18.— The Board of Su
pervisors at a meeting to-day reappointed
P M. Fisher and C. L. Inpler members
of the County Board of Education.
Reappointed on School Board.
ALAMEDA. June lfe.-Francis J. Kelly
v -is found <1ead in a «=hed In the rear of
Ms' home 1C09 WebFter Ftreet. last night
by his daughter Charlotte. Death was
caused bv apoplexy. Kelly was 46 years
old and a machinist by occupation. An
lnqur«t will be held to-morrow at 11
o'clock.
Found Dead by Daughter.
OAKLAND, June 18.-Charles J. Sheriff.
a young man who was formerly employed
as a fireman on the United States trans
port Grant, was committed to an insane
asylum to-day on the recommendation of
Drs. Knox and Miller. Sheriff was found
wandering about the streets early this
morning by Policeman McKefgan. He
paid he was being pursued by sixty men
who wanted to kill him. The unfortunate
man Is a native cf New York, 26 years
old. .:•-
Transport Fireman Insane.
BERKKLKV. June IS.— Miss Emma
TMctz and W. Snider were married at the
home of the brido> parents nn Stanford
Place vest rrday afternoon Rev. George
K Swan c,f the Kpiscopal church ofneiat
£i AfU-r th<- crrcmony thore was a ban
n-'ct Amorg ihnw present were Mr.
'nd Vrs Charles Dlrtz and daughter* of
'*a2 Francisco: Mr. and Mrs. William
Muirh* * «f Oakland, Miss I!. Keating of
can KmncJpco. Ml«» Su^le Overall and Mr.
and Mrs. Fahrcr.krug of Oakland.
Eerkeleyans Married.
SMITH ESTABLISHED A
NfcW CENTURY RECORD
L-. H. Smith, one of the crack long dis
tance riders of the Olympic Club Wheel
men, established a new) record for the
century course around the bay on Sun
day, covering the 100 miles, alone and un
paced. In a hours 40 minutes.
Smith's record 13 authenticated by peo
ple who checked him at various points
along the route. He left the City Hall In
this city Sunday morning at 1 o'clock,
passed through Mountain View at 3:15
and arrived at San Jose at 4:15. Center
ville 5:30 and finished in Alameda at 6:40
a. m. -s.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen will pre
sent Smith with a handsome medal In
recognition of bis achievement.
The Bay City Wheelmen will have a
club run to Bolinas next Sunday.
A special meeting of the Cycle Board of
Trade will be held In its offices In the Par
rott buildine this evening to discuss ways
and means for building the proposed cycle
path from this city to San Mateo.
School Bond Election.
OAKLAND, June 18.— There will be a
bond election In Laurel School District on
July 3 to determine whether an Issue of
$2000 shall be made to secure money for
Improvements to" the district school build
ing.
perlntendent's office, where his bride hart
been long employed. There a friendship
was formed which rapidly became much
closer. They were engaged, but marriag*
seemed not for them, because the pa
rents were not ready. On May 13 the
young folks decided to brave parental-ob
jections, and they* slipped away to San
Rafael and were duly wedded by Rev
W. H. Atkinson of the Congregational
church.
Each was at work the next day. ana
had It not been that rumor carried the
story to the home of Otey the wedding
would still have been a secret. • Tho
young man was pressed for the truth
and after a conference with his bride
told the circumstances.
Mr. and Mrs. Otey will go" to house
keeping next month. The bride is a sister
to May Gooch, an actress of some note
on the Eastern stage. She Is a grad
uate of the Oakland High School. The
groom Is the eldest, eon of Mrs. W. N.
Otey, and resides at .1012 Fourteenth
street. . ' • •
As soon as the marriage became known
public announcement was decided upon
by the young couple's relatives.
To-day the story leaked out and the
charming little brunette has been busy
receiving "hello" congratulations from
all sections of the lines. Now that tho
wedding Is no longer a deep secret there
is going to be a real reception and jolli
fication, for the young couple have a host
of friends who desire to express their con
gratulations In person.
There is a touch of romance in the af
fair. Five years ago young Otey went
to work for the telephone company and
bis duties threw him much into the su.
SECBET OP THEIR MARRIAGE WAS WELL KEPT.
OAKLAND, June 18.— Tho marriage
a month ago at San Rafael of Miss
Alma G. Goo<*h, chief clerk in tht
superintendent's f#fHce of the tele
phone company, and James H. Otey, an
outside employ, has been made public,
much to the surprise of the young cou
ple's friends. That the secret had been
so well kept was because the pretty
young bride desired to hold her position
with the company until July 1 without
the knowledge of the union coming to her
associates' ears. 1
OAKLAND. June 18.— The will of Maxi
milian Rlchter. the aRcd Gerrnan who
committed suicide at his home in Lorln
on June 1, was filed for probate to-day
by Puhllc Administrator B. C. Hawes,
who asks to be appointed executor. Ac
cording to the petitionpr. the estate con
sists of Berkeley real property valued at
about J1000. The will, which is a ramb
ling document, is written In German. It
names as devisees "Mr." Ku'kc and
"Mr." Hoffln. both of Berkeley.
Suicide's Will Filed.
Th* fire wardens mot yesterday and
passed a resolution to the effect that the
exits at the Everett Grammar School on
Sanchez street, between Sixteenth and
Seventeenth, were entirely insuffi
cient. In order ,to provide additional out
lets a stairway should be erected in the
rear of the building from the ground to
the top story, with exits from each floor
connecting with it, the wardens say. The
secretary was instructed to send a copy
of tho resolution to the Board of Educa
tion.
Not Sufficient Exits.
CHICAGO, June 18. — Three of the six horses
In the steeplechase fell at Harlem to-day, and
O'Brien, who . rode Bonesetter, was severely
hurt. Unless internal injuries prove serious,
however, he will recover.' Weather clear; track
fast. Results: • ¦
Four and a half furlongs— Henry Burt won.
BUFFALO. June 18.— Results at Fort Erie:
Selling, seven furlongs— A Winner won. Earl
Fonso second. Slasher third. Time. 1:2S\4.
Four and a half furlongs— Edgeworth won.
Flatterer second. Gray Dally third. Time, :55>4.
Six furlongs — Invasion \*Yin. Pharoah second.
Dangerous third.- Time, 1:12«4. ,
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Egyptian
Prince won. Servant second. Reluctant third.
Time, :J8.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Free Lance
won. Bell Punch' second. Beau Ideal third.
Time, 1:48.
Seven furlongs, selling — Fairy Dell won.
Royal Salute second, . Jucoma third. Time,
ST. LOUIS. June IS.— Wild Pirate and Tulla
Fonso were th» only winning favorites to-day.
Results:
Selling, six furlongs— The Light won. Sam
Lazarus second, Bonnlvard third. Time, 1:24%.
Five furlongs— Wild Pirate won, Enjoy sec
ond. Pirate's Daughter third. Time. 1:01.
Seven furlongs — Belle of Memphis won. Tlek
ful second. Van Hooerbeke, third. Time. 1:2714.
Owners' handicap, one and a sixteenth miles
—Tulla Fonso won, Sklllman second, Our Nel
lie third. Time, 1:47H.
Handicap, six furlongs— Pinochle won. Kings
Highway second. Miss Mae Day third. Time,
Selling, six and a half furlongs— San Durango
won. Dave Waldo second, MidllKht third. Time,
NEW YORK, June 18.— Lady of the VaTley,
against which there was as good as 40 to 1.
made a runaway race of the Daisy stakes at
Sheepshead Bay to-day. Results:
Six furlongs— Contestor won, Vesuvlan sec
ond, Montonus third. Time. 1:14 3-5.
Selling, mile and an eighth— Candleblack won,
Chappaqua. second. The Kose third. Time, 1:53.
The Daisy stakes, five furlongs, on turf— Lady
of the Valley won, Delmarch second. Sentry
third. Time, 1:05.
Mile— James won, Gllfalon second. Water
Cure third. Time. 1:42 3-5.
Selling, five furlongs— Harlem Lane won.
Welsh Girl second. Queen Quality third. Time,
1:01 1-5.
Grass stakes, telling:, one and a sixteenth
miles on turf — The Kentucklan won. Central
Trust second, Decanter third. Time, 1:46 1-5.
Drogheda Suddenly Awakens and
Hakes a High-Class Field of
Two- Year-Olds Look
Cheap.
CINCINNATI, June 18.— The first three
day meeting at the Newport track opened
to-day with a large crowd in attendance.
The feature of the 6port was the victory
of Jeannette at odds of 100 to 1.
The Judges Issued an order to-day bar
ring Jockey Overton from riding during
the remainder of the. session at Newport.
This action was taken on account of the
reversal of form shown by Drogheda in
the fifth, race. Overton rode the colt the
last time out and did not finish in the
money. To-day Drogheda ran all around
a high-class field, Kesults:
Mile, selling— Kaftan won. Peter Duryca sec
end, Edna Gessy third. Time. 1:4JH-
Four and a half furlongs— Empress Llghtfoot
won. Crescent (Jueen second, Nancy Doblns
third. Time, :56. X
Mile — Georgia wen, Foneda second. Sim W
third. Time. 1:14'4.
Mile, selling— Jeannette. won. Violet Parsons
second, Dousterswlvel third. Time. 1:41%.
Five furlonge-rDrcgheda won. Jennie Llssak
second. School for Scandal third. Time, 1:01%.
Mile, selling— Ennomla won, Eltholln second,
Margaret Hageman third. Time. 1:41%.
Barred Prom Riding Dur
ing the Remainder of
Newport Meeting.
A statistician has proved ttvu the invention
of the typewriter has given employment M
iOO.000 people, but he fails to state how many
cases of weak stomachs and dyspepsia I* has
Induced. All people of sedentary occupation
need Hostetter's Stomach Hitters. It helps
nature to bear the strain which ensues frcm
conflnem?nt and it la a wonderful medicine.
No one realises this more keenly than the
man or woman who has been cured of stom
ach trouble by its use.
The Typewriter Invention.
OVERTON GETS
INTO TROUBLE
WITH JUDGES
Henry Altmeyer. an ex-convict, was ar
rested earlv yesterdav morning In a. room
In the HiHsdale House. 33 Sixth street.
He was ransacking the room wht-p
caught. He was taken to the City Prison
by Policemen Mever and Goodwin and
booked en a charge of burglary. About
three years ago Altmeyer was sent to Ban
Quentin for grand larceny.
Caught in the Act.
INDIANAPOLIS. June IS.— Score: Indianap
olis 7, Buffalo 8.
MINNEAPOLIS. June 13.— Score: Minneap
olis 5. Kansas City 4.
CHICAGO, June 18.— Score: Chicago 4, Mil
waukee 1.
American League Games.
ST.LOUIS, June 18.— St. Louts played list
lessly in the field to-day. At that she would
have won had Dlltard not fumbled Beckley'a
grounder in the ninth. Attendance. 900. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Ft. Louis 8 S 8
Cincinnati 9 18 !
Batteries — Weyhlnr, Thomas and Robinson;
Newton. Breltensteln and Peita.
BOSTON, June 18.— Ter.ny's fumble of Cross*
grounder and three singles in the eleventh In
ning gave Brooklyn three runs and the gatn«
to-day. Attendance. 8500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 3 11 1
Brooklyn i \i t
Batteries — Nichols and Sullivan; McGlnnlty
and Farrell.
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago .*..... 16 4
Pittsburir 4 8 1
Batteries — Callahan. Chance and Donahue;
Phllippl and O'Connor.
CHICAGO. June 18.— Two consecutive doubles
jcave the local their only run to-day, Phlllpnl
beinp invincible except In the one Inning.
Score: •
PHILADELPHIA. June 18.— Philadelphia de
feated New York on Oleason's error In the sev
enth and Delehanty's steal to third In the
eighth. Attendance. 4400. Score:
Clubs— R. h. E.
New York 18 1
Philadelphia 2 7 3
Batteries— Hawley and Bowerman; Bernhard
and McFar!and. Umpire .
Clubs — W. L. Pet. I Clubs — W. L,. Pet
Philadelphia 30 16 .652 Chicago ....12 23 48S
Brooklyn ... 29 16 .644! St. Louis... 2* 2* .434
PIttsburg .. 24 2« .430 1 Cincinnati . 19 26 .422
Boston 21 23 .477 'New York.. 13 25 .41J
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
GUEASO1TS COSTLY ERKOR.
HELIGOLAND. June IS.— The annual
yacht race from Dover to Heligoland
for the German Emperor's cup. which was
started from the former place on Sun
day, with ten yachts competing, was won
by the Fiona, a cutter of eighty tons,
owned by H. M. Rait.
Fiona Wins the Yacht Race.
MalJroro second. The Butcher third. Time,
:5S%.
Six furlongr*— Sly won. May Beach second,
Ailante third. Time. 1:13%.
Short coura* steeDlechase — Friend won, Zu
faliK second. Minor D third. Time. l:16*i.
Mile — Free Hand won, Prestar second. Crosby
third. Time. 1:42«4.
Five furlongs— Money Muss won. Likeness
second. Lasance third. Time. 1:02*4.
Mile — Malse won. Blue Lick second. The
Bobby third. Time.' 1:42H.
An illustrated folder, giving a descrip
tion of the Atlin gold fields, has been
Issued by the Atlin District Board of
Trade and copies of the same have been
sent to this city and may be had upon
application at the offices of the White
Pass and Yukon route In the Hobart
building. The folder abounds in valua
ble Information for those who contem
plate a trip to the Atlin district.
Atlin Gold IWstrict Described.
The naval parade committee will also
meet, when the names of several ad
ditional influential men will be added to
the list of those already named.
The general information committee met
and agreed upon a plan of obtaining and
imparting information in relation to the
festivities.
This afternoon there will be a meeting
of the financial committee when all who
shall compose that, very important sub
committee will be named. Those who wfli
compose it will endeavor to obtain more
than was collected for the celebration of
1890. The amount of funds will in a great
measure determine the grandeur or the
several events to be presented.
Last evening the hall and headquarters
committee met and discussed the arrange
ment of the Mechanics' Pavilion for tho
time that it shall be occupied by the
Native Sons. At the meeting of the gen
eral committee next Friday It will present
its ideas in detail.
The hotel committee decided to send a
letter to each parlor asking for Informa
tion as to what accommodation It will
iequlre for its members who will come
ere during celebration week.
Among the visitors to the headquarters
of the Native Sons' celebration committee
in the Palace Hotel yesterday were ex-
United States Senator Stephen M. Whit-j
and R. P. del Valle of Los Angelds and
the president of the general committee.
The first two named spoke in enthusiastic
terms of what the Native Sons In the
southern part of the State are doing in
the line of preparation for the approach
ing- celebration, declaring that the parlors
of that section of the State will send a
large delegation to take part in the pa
rade.
SOUTHERN NATIVES TO
BE IN GOLDEN JUBILEE
AL.AMHDA. June lS.-IIenry E. J. On
grerth. a noted German scholar and lin
guist. passo.1 away on Saturday night at
his home. 1613 Union street. Death was
<5ue to tuberculosis, from which the de
ceased had been a sufferer for three
months. He was a native of Germany.
&pM 40 years and 11 months. The fu
r.cral will be held to-morrow at 2 o'clock
from the late residence.
Mr Ongcrth way a teacher of German in
the Alameda H!»rh BtbOtAJjOA^'TtgAa. In
the Oerman Department of the Lnixer.»It>
cf California, which P n ' iUom 1^ t gJ 1 l^
l^ld for the past pr-ven years. In lS^. he
as a licentiate in theology from
the rnlvcrsity of Vienna and came to
America. He accented the pastorate of
a-TFvansellcal Lutheran church In Mon
frcal and married there Mir-s Eugenie
Kayfrcr in 1SS5 In 1S87 he cam* to.Ala
mcdTand established the Lutheran church
it the Wrst Er.<1. Ill health compelled
him to leave the ministry and accept the
positions as instructor.
GERMAN SCHOLAR PASSES
AWAY AFTER LONG ILLNESS
This afternoon Attorney Robert Y.
H?yno, for the city of Oakland, filed with
xV.c Srprcme Court an application for a
writ of prohibition to keep Judge Hart
off the bench of Alameda County in this
ection. This petition covers many page:.
tf typewritten paper ar.d deals only with
the questions of law in the matter. It
takes the same ground as that taken by
Attorney Hayne in his arguments before
Judpe Hart, that the Sacramento Jurist
wp.b improperly summoned to the bench
and that he has no right to sit in the
«~ase, ar.d both a temporary and a per
petual writ of prohibition is asked for to
;>r»v*»nt him trying the case.
The attorneys for the Contra Coeta
Water Company were evidently expecting
this move, for they had left word that
they be notified immediately if any euch
panors were filed with the Supreme Court.
Judge Hart Is sacrificing a great deal in
the interests of his duty in th:s case. He
ar.nour.ced from the bench on Saturday
that he continued as the trial judge in
thi» case only because he felt that it was
fciB duty to so do and because he felt
that he* ought' to sacrifice his personal
feelings in the interests of his duty. Ho
has been requested to retire from the trial
ft the case by a lo?al motion filed by
the city of Oakland, by the personal re
quest of the counsel for the city and now
a petition to th*> Supreme Court has been
filed asking that body to prevent him
from trying the case. Vet Judpe Hart
continues to sacrifice his personal feelings
upon the altar of duty.
There are some points that are not gen
erally understood that enter into the case
very" decidedly. There 1m practically no
appeal from the decision of Judpre Hart
in ihl* matter. This is one reason why
thp attorneys for th* city do not want
to po to trifil before Judge Hart, having
orce rtc-n placed in the position of hnv-
Jrjc personally opposed his sittinp in the
case Ore ol tho great points that will
have to be passed upon in this case is
the fixing of the valuation of the plants
cf the water company upon which the
- m.- ~ m~. ~ »e
/!5=^ AKLAN'D. June IS.— Since Judge E.
V C Hurt of Sacramento County has
Vs-^" decided that once having been ii-
vited to come to Oakland to try the
•tter rate case he is cot going to retire.
* '«-n thouph requested to do so by the
forney for the city, the latter has ap
j'-Hled to the Supreme Court to enforce
::= request.
Decision of the Trial Court Will Settle Finally
Most of the Important Points of the
Case at Bar.
City Council will be compelled to fix a
rate. In this matter Judge Hart's deci
sion will practically be final. \ for it has
been the rule of the Supreme ¦ Court of
California from the very beginning to
eor.bider only matters of law. and not to
pasa upon matters of fact. As the fixing
of the valuation of the plants of the com,
pany is a matter of fact Judpe Hart's
decision in this matter will be final.
A^ain the importance of this matter
can he set-n by showing the valuation
that the water company claims for its
plants as compared with the valuation
al'.owed by the City Council in fixing the
rates. The Centra Costa Water Company
seeks by thi* suit to have the valuation
of its property fixed at JS.500.000. while
the City Council fixed the rates upon a
basis of less than $4,<XM),000 valuation.
The manner at which the Contra Costa
Water Company arrives at its valuation
is purely one of stock and bond Inflation,
without" regard to actual cost of the
works. The water company has merely
added together the value of its stock is
sue, its bond Issue, the J1.500.W0 worth of
stock issued for the purchase of the Oak
land Water Company and the value ot
the Jl .000,000 worth of bonds of the Oak
land Water Company guaranteed by them
in the absorption of the latter plant.
On the other hand, the -City Council Ig
nored completely the plant of the OaUland
Water Company, holding that they would
fix rates only upon the value of such a
plant as might be necessary to supply the
city Gf OtJiiand with water, ami thoy
fixed the valuation of that plant at S2,50«t,
000 less than the company claimed 'or ;t.
In these matters Judge Hart's word will
be law, and In a suit Involving ««> many
important isrues the city of Oakland, does
not wa.it to take any chances, more par
ticularly when the attorneys for the Con
tra Co«ta Water Company are .to anx
ious to keep Judge Hart upon the bench.
The City Council at its meeting thr3
evening appropriated $5000 as compensa
tion for Robert Y. Hayne, special counsel
for me city in the suit of the Contra
CoPta Water Company against the city of
Oakland. The sum of $100 was placed at
the disposal of the Auditor and City At
torney to meet the immediate and ur
gent exuenses of the suit.
The City Council also provided fire pro
tection for the annexed district by appro
priating f57S0 for the purchase of horses,
harness and hose for the Fire Depart
ment. Councilman L,cmmon's ordinance
authorizing me appointment of the neces
sary men ns crews for the recently pur
chased apparatus was also passed.
BOXING PROGRAMME AT
THE RELIANCE CLUB
OAKLAND. June 18.— The Reliance
Club will hold a boxing tournament
Thursday evening, the feature of which
will be three 10-round contests. These
I goes will be as follows: Ed Smith. Re
t llance Cluh, and Al- Evans, San Fran
cisco, at 145 pounds; Joe Lavigne, Berke
ley, arfd P.en Hart, Stockton, at 135
pounds; Pete Ricconi. Olympic Club, and
Charles Thurston. San Francisco Athletic
Club, at 145 pounds.
There will also be two tryouts. These
men are well matched and some good
bouts are expected by the club manage
ment.
Supreme Court Asked to Enjoin
Sacramento Jurist From Try
ing Water Rate Case.
FINAL EFFORT TO
GET RID OF HART
Fire broke out shortly after 2 o'clock
this morning in the two-story lodging
house at 490 Eleventh street, and before
It was extinguished three men were se
verely burned. Two of them may die as
the result of their Injuries.
The department was summoned to the
scene of the fire bj- a still alarm sent in
by some person unknown. "When the fire
men arrived they found the flames had
made rapid progress. The rumor spread
quickly that several people were asleep
In the house. Several rushed in, among
them Fireman Sweeny, who discov
ered the proprietor of the place, Mike
Coyne, groping blindly about In an up
per hall, hi3 clothing ablaze.
Sweeny grabbed Coyne and made his
way as quickly as possible to the street,
his clothes catching lire from his blazing
burden.
Edward Kelly, a carpenter, rooming at
the place, was also rescued, almost suf
focated.
The fire was extinguished in a short
time, without much damage to the
building.
Sweeny, Coyne and Kelly were hurried
to the Receiving Hospital, where a hasty
examination convinced the surgeons in
charge that the fireman and the proprie
tor of the lodging-house were so severely
blirned lhat their chance of life was slim.
The origin of the fire Is unknown.
Fireman Sweeny, Michael Coyne and
Edward Kelly Badly Burned
and Almost Suf
focated.
Narrow Escape From Death
in a Blaze on Eleventh
Street.
THREE MEN
NEARLY PERISH
IN A FIRE
The proposed changes In the club are
enumerated In a circular which has been
sent to the members. Many Improvements
I will be made In the bathing department
and it will be lifted up elegantly. A gen
eral sitting-room will be built ana the
handball courts will be placed on the roof
of the laundry, where there is plenty of
sunlight and fresh air. Nine bedrooms
will be furnished on the top floor.
TVIthin the next six months the Olympic
Athletic Club house on Post streetmll ba
! one of the finest and most attractive
i owned by any athletic organization In this
country. Contracts have been let and
work has been begun on the interior Im
provements. A large ?um will be expend
ed In making these changes. Payment
for this work -will run over a period of
about two years, so the present indebted
ness will not be added to. The club wishes
to increase its membership to the limit,
but will accept only congenial and desir
able men. , . .
OLYMPIC CLUB WILL
BE GREATLY IMPROVED
THE gleeful but misunderstood antics
of I a horse that wanted to shake
hands over the bar with Harry Bren
nan caused a small panic on upper
Market street yesterday afternoon. The
animal was standing hitched to a post in
front of the Emma Spreckels building,
thinking of bygone happy days, when the
sound of Brennan's voice raised in laugh
ter was wafted to his ears from the Zlnk
and Buffet by the forty-knot zephyr that
was sailing down Market street toward
the water front. The head and tail of the
equine brute went into the air simulta
neously. The horse knew that laugh, and
forgetting in the excess of his joy the so
cial gulf that now separatee them, decided
to make a long delayed call on his old
friend Harry. He did not wait to send
in his card, but with a Joyful snort broke
his tether with a jerk of his head and
made a dash for the open door of the sa
loon. . .
The sidewalk was crowded with men,
women and children, and the sudden move
of his horseshlp caused a wild stampede
for places of safety. The young man
who officiates at the cigar stand in front
of Kelly & Brennan's thought a troop of
wild horses was charging down upon him,
and made a frantic effort to escape by
climbing through the* twelve-by-flfteen
window connecting the cigar stand with
the bar. But the horse was not after
cigars nor cigar dealers. He kept right
on into the saloon until his further
progress was barred by the buggy to
which he was attached bringing up
acalnst the door frame.
Brennan was not expecting a caller just
then. He was handing out a little hot air
to a customer, and when the grinning fea
tures of his equine friend appeared in the
doorway he was too frightened to recog
nize them. His hair rose on end and he
began to yell for help. Kelly, who was In
the rear, came rushing to the front, and
the customer, who had sought a refuge in
an inner room, called back encouragingly:
"Let him come In, Harry: he vants to
blay de machine. Don't pe afralt of him."
Perceiving he was not welcome, as Bren
nan did not even ask him to have some
thing, the hor3e, with a snort of disgust,
backed out and whirling suddenly around
dashed down the middle of the sidewalk
toward Fifth street. As he turned the
buggy upset and a woman was knocked
down, but not seriously injured. Half-way
down the block the horse suddenly
swerved and dashed across* Market street
and on the oproslte sidewalk. Evidently
he was looking for another sa
loon. He took a , slide when he
Ftruck the sidewalk and skated grace
fully up against the entrance to a laundry
office. Before he could gather himself for
anothor spurt an ex-man-o' -war's man
tackled him and sat on his head while the
crowd proceeded to disentangle him from
the remains of the buggy. The festive an
imal's little flirtation resulted in no dam
age beyond wrecking the buggy.
BRENNAtf'S UNEXPECTED CALLEE CREATES SOME EX
CITEMENT.
A meeting of the Federal Labor ITnlon
will rc held on Wednesday evening at
Cigarmakers' Hall. 1054 Broadway, for
the purpope of effecting a permanent or
ganization and to elect officers. It is the
Slan of the promoters of the union to
ring within its membership all trades
men whose particular branch of work as
yet has no organization., When a per
manent organization !s effected a char
ter will be obtained from the American
¦Federation of Labor, which numbers over
1,000,000 members.
The following named officers have been
elected by the Carpenters' and Joiners'
Asaocintion of Oakland: President, S. \V.
Qetchell; vice president. J. Parsons; re
cording secretary, R. Reed; financial sec
retary, George W. Johnson; treasurer, C.
I. Jacob?: conductor, O. II. Philbrlck;
warden. II. It. Harris.
The clerk cf the Board was Instructed
to write to the secretary of the council
for additional information in regard to
the demand for an eight-hour provision
in contracts for public work.
At the last mcrtinp of the Oakland
Bricklayers' Union it was decided to ad
mit to the organization no man who
worked as a plasterer as well as a brick
layer. Non-union bricklayers were noti
fied that they will have until July 11 to
join the union and after that date tho
initiation fee will be J50. .
We beg to Inform you that contracts let by
you to contractors In Alameda County have
not and nre not all being performed according
to law. Yet we are led to believe that all con
tracts let by you have inserted therein the pro
vision that such work thall be done at not
more than hlght hours In any one calendar day
and that t'.io minimum pay shall be 12 for such
cisht hours.
We deem it the duty of the Board of Super
visors «vh« have the letting of contracts to In
sist that ench an.i every provision contained in
such contracts shall b« faithfully performed. lip
matter whom they are let to.
The communication wbb signed by Sec
retary J. V. A. Frates and reads In part
as follows:
An eight-hour <5ay on all contract work
dono for. the county of Alameda has been
demanded by the Building Trades Council
of this county. A communication was re
ceived this morning by the Board. Of Su
pervisors in which a request was made
that all work done by private contract
for the county be performed according to
the rules of the council which provide that
a working day be of eight hours and the
minimum pay for such time be $2.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, June 18.
Secretary of tlie Union Complains
That Contractors Do Not Always
Conform With Labor
Laws.
Building Trades Couifcil Ap
peals to the Eoard
of Supervisors
DEMAND THAT
EIGHT HOURS A
DAY BE LIMIT
The church board announces that Rev.
Mr. Smith's retirement from the church
Is voluntary. Chairman C. E. Lloyd said
the pastor -would return to his former res
idence at Lincoln. Neb., either to resumw
pastoral relation? with a church there or
to take up genera! evangelical work.
For several months Rev. Mr. Smith had
been occupying the pulpit here only from
¦week to week. His ultimate resignation
was expected because of friction In tho
church over the refusal of the members
to accept its Investigating board's report
upon conduct of, the paator at Woodland.
William T. Gibtts and other trustees re
signed from the board and much feellns
was prevalent. Later the Statu board
of the Christian church accepted Rev. Mr.
Smith's resignation as a member of that
official body, and upheld the board of In
vestigation.
To the cfflcers and members of the First
Christian Church. Oakland. Cai. : I herewith
tender you my resignation as pastor of this
church, to ta.\o effect Juiy 15, 1900. Permit me
to express my highest appreciation of the loyal
Christian *plrU manifested by the officer* of
this church In th.- auppcrt of Its work. 1 have
found In them counselors tried and true, men of
wisdom, with a deep Interest In the ¦welfare of
the church. Thanking you for the Christian
fellowship I have been permitted to enjoy with
you, for tho many expressions of sympathy and
encouragement you have been pleased to bestow
upon me. and praying that God's richest bless
ings may be yours, I am faithfully yours.
GUT W« SMITH.
Rev. Ouy \\*. Smith, pastor of the First
Christian Church, has handed his resig
nation to the board of trustees, with a re
quest that his action be accepted as tinal
and statins that he insisted upon the ac
ceptance of the resignation, which la to
take effect July 15.
The retiring pastor's letter to his flock
is as fellows:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. June IS.
Trustees Is That They Accept
Withdrawal Tendered
by Him.
Minister's Final Request to Board of
Clergyman Will Retire From
Pulpit of First Christian
Church.
RESIGNATION OF
REV. GUY SMITH
FROM PASTORATE
Oakland oniee San Francisco Call.
Ills Broadway. June IS.
Fr!rr>d* in this city of Mrs. Charlotte
Perkins Stetson, the authoress, have Wn
advised through formal card announce
ment of her marriage to George Houghton
Oilman en June 11 at Uelroit. Mich. Mrs.
Oilman loft Oakland a month asro and
i<"x. <f any, of her friends here were ap
prised of the approaching nuptials. The
J.ews p«me as a complete surprise.
Mrs. Gilman't former marriape ¦was to
AValtcr Stetson, a distir.puished artist.
'1 he Ir married life r.as not happy. Mrs.
Stetf-on> health required that ?he dwell
J:i some clime Ices rigorous than the city
e>f Uoston. her husbands home. His pro
tn&tmai work demanded, it was report
ed, that be reF'.d? at the "Hub." When hi?
v If* came to California, tir5t staying a
year or s-> :n the south and thrn making
Jn-r home in Oakland, her painter spouse
brcucht suit In Rhode iFland courts fcr
a divorce, allrjrir.E desertion. He 6ecured
his decree without a contest.
Not lon<? after the divorce. Stetson mar
ried Grace EHery Channinp. a litterateur
Ot Boston, nnd one of the then Mrs. Stet
son's cl<">Fe friends. They had become In
timately acquainted during her life at the
Mft*«achus»'tti« capital. The Stetsons'
da-ughter jr-ined her father and step
ir.other by consent of the divorced mother.
Mrs. £t?tf=on-G.'lman has done enough
literary work to irive her fame among; the
T>r>ok folk. Her rlr?t volume was a col
lection of poems. "In This Our World."
l.he has taken up the discussion of social
problems, and In that field of effort has
attained an eminent position.
During her m«><<t recent visit in Califor
nia Mre. Stcieon-Gilman was in ill-health
::nd was irn:eh secluded. fine had a wide
circle of friends in Oakland, but was lit
tle In louch with them because of her ill—
rsemm. Her husband Is not known here.
Talented Authoress Ivecves Oakland
and Was Wedded a Week Ago at
Detroit to George Hough
ton Gilman.
Charlotte PerkiDS Stetson
Announces Her Second
Marriage.
TAKES ANOTHER
CHANCE IN THE
CUPID LOTTERY
THIRSTY HORSE TRIES
TO BREAK INTO SALOON
nrvl defeated the ? SpPSftaS^*^ ?
best men at his > # « **
¦weight in the south- j* X
«"« Vlfat' he £ "JIM" TRIMBLE. £
defeat the soldier ? Photo by Bushnell. ?
pugilist. Both men O-^-?2-^-?2-^?J-^!2->-?;-^-?i-^-?;-«-?i-^?5-^f;-^?J-*-88~^0
are similar In build,'
and each is possessed of a good punch and capable of assimilating punishment.
They will enter immediately upon their training for the contest.
JIM TRIM
BLE, a leading
middle -weight
of Bout hern
California, has been
matched to fight
"Soldier" Phil Green
before the Eacra
mento Athletic Club
on the 2Sth of the
prosrnt month. The
rr.rr. v.Ill enter the
rlnp at 134 pound*
for a ntTcentaRe of
the pate receipts.
Tho southern pupll
!.>?t. !n company with
Tim MoGrath, his
ninr.aj.Tr and train
er, left for the scene
of hostilities on the
afternoon train yes
terday.
Trimble comes
from the south
highly recommended
and the fact that
MeGrath is looking
after his interests la
looked upon by fol
lowers of the rinR as
an Indication that
the fighter Is "there
with his mitts."
Trimble ha* an ex
cellent record for
the short time that
he has been In the
rinp. lie has won a
victory over young
Peter Jackson and
a!so suffered a de
feat at the latter'a
hands. In both con
tests he went the
limit and the ref
eree's decision was
necessary to decide
the winner. Tommy
Tracy. the clever
and seasoned Aus
tralian fighter, had
to put forth his best
efforts to secure a
decision over Trim
ble, which he did
after twenty rounds*
hard fighting.
Trimble has met
MATCHED TO FIGHT
AT THE CAPITAL CITY
THE SAN FlLvJSrCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, JUNE 19, 1900.
tju*
11
"JIM" TRIMBLE.
Photo by Bushnell.
If yon baTcn't % rccular, healthy movement of the
botrels every c!ay. youro slcii. or will bo. Keep yonr
bowcis open, and bo well, t'orco. in tlieibapecf
violent physic or pill poison. 13 dangerous. Tho
smoothest, easiest, most i>?rfect way or keeping tlia
bowels clear and clean U to take
'KJ&V^ THADI MARK RIOIflTIRCD
Pleasant. Palatable. Potent. TasteGood. Do Ooort,
Ncvpr sicken. Weaken, or (iripo. 10c. 35c, 60c Wrtta
for free samplo. and booklet en health. Address
Sterling Erard; Caapanr, llucigo. Jlumtrp.!, Jew Tark. 33s
KEEP YOUR BLOOD CLEAN
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Fries Lists Maila l
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 503 C*l.. Clnnl» b«
- COAL COKB AMD P13 IHOX
r r U'll * C(\ X* Battery Street.
/• L- WIL^Uil (I CU-. Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERS.MlfH. '
r W CW1TH Sn! P Plumbing, Steamboat «n<J
W- TT- J.'iilU- Ship Work a *pec!alty. 18 and
IS Washington st- Telephone Main 564L
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IA^ RflYFS R C 0 SiJlPPlng Butcher*. 104
J A J- UV UJ Q WV> Clay. TeL Mala U34.
GALVAMZINT AND METALS.
Manfacturer and Prater In Metal* and Gal-
vanlzlnsr. JOHN FINN* METAL WORKS. 313
Howard st.
LITHnGRAPHI>a.
The Union Llthosrach Co., 323 Sanscme tt.
Artistic Lithographers and Printers. Govern-
ment Licensee {or ImprlntiBS of Revenua
Stampa.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Padflo
Metal Work*. 137-9 First St.. San Francisco.
PMlNTMJh
F C hTfiFTFS printer.
F> Vr iitUUCji sn San»nme »t.. a. y.
PRINTEPS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE lilCKS-JUDD CO..
23 First «t.. Saa Francisco.
STATIONS'* AND PRINTER.
Tele^phio PARTRIDGE «» Sr^ C t n>: »
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, gg%ig
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO., at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. U the Best Coal la Uto
market. Otfico and TaxOs— tin Mala tu**.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, 'JUNE 19, 1 900.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BTTEIXESS OFFICE of The San Franet«co '
C«H. corner of Market ana Third streets, cpen '
cr.tll 12 o'clock every nlpht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— "t" Montgomery street
«-oro«r Clay; epen until S:3O p. m.
*00 Kaves etrcet; open until 8:30 p. m.
€29 McAllister street: open until 8:M p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until S:SO p. m.
:9<l Mlsslcn street: open until 10 p. m.
no Mission street, corner Sixteenth; opea un-
t : : 9 r 1 - zn-
IM Eleventh street; open oattl » p. m.
XC?6 Valencia street: cpen until J p. in.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Hrert*; ere^» until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Charter No. 5. R. A M.. ¦ •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- *«
INTO. June 13. at 7:30 o'clock. Stated JtJ\
meetlr.K and M. M. degree. By order ' V">
of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAT.
Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodffe No. 13S. F. and A. »
M.. ITI Eddy St.. meets THIS EVEN- -#\^
ING. 7:20 o'clock. J D. J^jfc
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec /V*
O^tESTAzTl^iz^sZlii, F. and A •
:.; — r.rst derrt«e THIS (TL^DAY)^&
jrVBKXSCS «t 7:30 o'clock. /<L^
A. S. HUBBAP.O. Secretary- *^r
MAGNOLIA Lodre No. C 9. I. O. O.
F.-Ir.itiatl n THIS (TUESDAY)
EV2CIVG. Pl*a.«e »«:end. •
». ZRIKSON. N. G. \ m rr'
EAMTTEL POLACK, Secretary.
cPECIAL and repuiar monthly .Jl.
neetlnt of the Servian-Montese- |JSjQ&
erin L. and 12. Society— Officers d JyrM>i. i
tr.d members, you are hereby re- f---4cJ/T*'S
oueMed to meet TO-VOnROW W^rrS**"^
1 WEDNESDAT ) EVENING, IWjJ'3'.(B
June 10. la jour hall. 10 Call- ft'-SiAVi
fornia St.. Nt 7:30 o'clock. Bus!- '$***>?<£''
Bess of Importance will be
transacted. Fires for r.on-at-
ter.dar.ce will be strictly en-
forced. By order of
M_ K. TASOVAZ. President.
SPIRO VTCOSAVLIEVICH. Secretan*-
AGENTS WANTED.
Jt"C CAN be made durizr next 6 month* ty
hUEtl'.r-c agents handling our white and fancy
rubber collars, culls, bosoms, neckties; patent-
ed, guaranteed (roods; inclose t:a.rr.p for spe-
cial jlan. M. & M. Mfe. Co.. Springfield. Mass.
WAN'TED-Two traveling salesmen to repre-
•'?ct an established business of ladies' wear:
must be of pood address and acquainted In
the trade: reference required. Box I?I3. Call.
WANTED — Good solicitors: no ethers need ar>-
ply. GARRISON & BAILEY. 116 Second st.
ASTROLOGY.
PnOjF\ A MASEnT^cT^grptT irreatest astrol-
orist and ra!:r.'.st In the world; satisfaction
ruirarteed. 15 Powell st. '
ATTOKXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: di\ - orce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
KOWE. any. at law. SSJ Market.cor. Stockton. |
R. X?. KING, m Market Et. f room €2T: all
caies: no advance charges; call or write.
ADVICE frr-e; no charge unless ruccessful. W. J
IV. DAVIDSON, in Market St.. opp. Mason, j
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldp.. 527 Mar- j
k«>t St.: consultation free; no fees !n advance. I
- :^ AITOMOBILES. j
AL-TbiIOniLES^FRED WARD & SON.
Aircr.ts. 46 Kremor.t st.
BELGIAN IIARES.
FnAVD'T!
There ha* been so much deception practiced
ta :•-.:¦:. Hares that the majority of persons I
«re unable to determine where they can get j
fair ar.d honest treatment.
Why r.ct ritr?r.!ze the CALIFORNIA BEL- j
GIAN HARE ASSOCIATION, as they have
the best line of animals in the State and are
thorough!}* responsible fcr any representations
they rr.ay make. Address
GEO. A. TOL'NG, Manager, Alameda, Cal.
BELGIAN hares— Fancy stock en sale; bred
and unbred does from Sl3 to fl)0; youns pedl- j
stock on saie at reasonable prices; cor-
rMpoodesot pciirlted. Pajaro Valley Rab- |
bitr>'. P- O. drawer D. W'atsonvl'.le, CaL
FOR ?a!f- Ver>' fine stock cf h'.ph-seore. pedl- i
rre*<l lielcisn hares, a!! sccred by Mrs. Bush. •
;C»:-."— Eatter ft.. San Francisco.
TIiEMONT r-elgian Hare Co.. tIU Fillraore et..
San Francisco. Cal.— Send 6c In stamps for
tock en care and feedir.gr.
A FEY." left— Heavyweight ->edigree does; must j
be sold to-day. U6 Teharoa st. i
HARE Sanltnrium— Treatment of sick hares:
positive snuffle cure. t'R. JACOBS. ICIS Turk.
OOLPEX GATE BELGIAN KARE C. 60? Gold- |
fr Gate aye.. S. F. : SOO rabbits fcr sale cheap.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
60HOOL COOKS bought and exchanred,
Hf-lner 8~-k On.. T^4 I»Ii««!rn rt.. rear Third.
UISINESS CUANCES.
A— fCO; RESTAURANT en Geary St.; close to
Chrcnlcle building; rent cheap; owner em- j
played In National Bank: must sell at once.
Call R. G. V.'ILKE. 2C-» Kearny st.
A — SSC'T 1 : DRUG store on Montgomery St.; rent
ftO; estab. years; kncwledce of business not I
necesiary. Call R. G. WILKE. r6'*t Kearny.
A — ~ ¦>:•"•: UEST raying corner grocery and bar
en Hayes »t.; no rent to pay; a splendid
chance. See R. G. WILXE. IC'i Kearny st.
J'-'-I'ARTNEn wanted In a first -class 6aloon j
one block north cf Mcrket; owner leaving for I
Europe. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Keamy st. .
AN interest in transfer and express ccrr.r-ar.y. '
doln* a but'.r.ess cf tIC.OOO per year. In this
city ano acroMi the bay: owner needs active i
assistant- Call V.. G. WILKE, CSV* Keamy. j
A-r^t; SALOON e>*rantly fitted up; ertab. !
years and doins a pood paying business; place j
located close to Palace Hotel; rent 130; lease; j
large Fto<-k. best <iual.ty; a rare offer. Csil j
K. G. WILKE. Ei Kearr.y st. j
A—S-5";A — S-5"; ELEGANTLY furnished restaurant; on
Stockton Ft.; place estab. many years and do- i
ing rcthlr.p. pood-payln*: business; no better >
cger Ir. g-.ark?t. R. G. WILKE. S4U Keamy. i
A— JCCO; FRENCH rt-stcuraat In choicest loca- i
tion of Latin quarter: rent $T3; a tp'endld j
paying bLsiriess: mu?t be sold at once, as j
owwrs are poing to leave for Paris. Call R.
G. WILKE. :6-i Kearr.y St.
A— VMi: CORNER cijrar Ftcre. with card room,
close to crrr.fr Market and Powell sts.: a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. :C~ Kearny et.
A— S225; CORNER branch bakery and grocery,
with 4 living rooms, on Geary St.; low rent
and pood jiaytnjs business: a. rare chance.
Call U. G. WILKE. »64 Kearr.y st. t
fZXICb— PARTNER wanted: hay ar.d grain busi-
ners, real ertate included: part cafh tf de-
sired. Mclaughlin & co.. ttth Market st.
Jli/V— MILK route, near the city; established
business : elckne** cause of sale. McLAUGH-
LIN 6c CO.. T7TS Market et.
SU I*'—PARTNER1 *'— PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
cf staple poods: will be required to take the
Calift/raia ag»n~y lor same. See McLAUGH-
LIN &. CO.. 7771, Market rt.
SALOON for sale, doing a fine business: cen-
tral: nccr Market: etrictesx Investigation.
C*S on PLINKET St PAGE. BT3 Market St.
A— *?¦/¦: NICE little boose. 7 rooms; location
best ocrth Market; owner there ; year*; going
Gennary: must sell. Stent^rg Co.. S2J Market.
KOO— OTSTER and chop house; ladies' rooms:
daily r«irtj;t* !i<i to jr.. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
JII<<C— SALOON: rpJendiJ location: first -class
stock and f.iture?; full Investigation allowed: j
parties meaning business lock at this before j
bcyir.g «-te»wher*. Apr'y T> Third «t.
OFFER yon e*tal»!ished cfty busine«s; payinic
(4 d»!lr over ail and every expense; easily
le*ra«d: profits very large; tfOO.cr clc«« cCer j
fcr. quick *ett!emeEt. ill Kearr.jr st.
WELL- EFT ABLISHEI* Republican weekly
r»per. with small J-b pUnt; rood outSt; !
ch*ap- Addres* box Cll. Call office.
DOST ml** the tripods ar.d lamps at the i
BACKUS II Ge&rr: other bargains, j
CCtOX> corner rrocery and bar: desirable loca- j
t: ti; no areots. Address box tIS. Cai! cfilce. j
WANTED— Partner: email capital. Address '
A. WOIiMLEY. KTA Howard ft., city.
FIRST-CLASS sh^e «hep; irood rrices; gt>od ;
work: sxna:i Etock ehces. 2ZI I3ush st.
¦ _ ___
PARBEII «b.ep for gale, ica HJye ft.
FIVE year* established— Herat dining room for I '
*a>: fITS; wcrta' HOC; Etinds investigation, i
QJj Geary «t- . ,
7HREE-CHAIH liarber shen for sale; cheap! :
Ir^utre at BERNAUDS. IC4 Seventh st. i
A PARTS' bavins: fZM) can make an invesunent
wltli iarre r»tuma on principal and prcßt» by
applying Immediately room 4. fifth Qjor. Mill*
building, bet. 10 a. a. and 3p. in.; this op- ,
tcrtuxitr will ccly be cpea Jcr a Halted cuai-
ber of days-
TO rcot— For cca! yard, miiic depot, etc; line
Jocat'cn: r'-ace Is entirely covered and coa-
ts'.M a sU.Hi ; rest only »!S: water free. In- ,'
•iwir* WM. HENDRJCKSON A. CO.. Cl 4 Call j
t-ulidlr.c
CjZ.Zi established comer grocerr. coal yard. J \
ffcay «rd grain business included, at bargain j
id the rijht rarty: Jens lease. Apply corner .
Flfteer.tli and Guerrero tta.. i '.
FOR sale — Good-F* y mg bakery route, horse and .
wagron. Applr 717 Sixtieth st.. between Grore .
«t- »_^ g.'-.attack aye.. OaUaaO.
HCSIXESS CHANCES— CONTINUED.
CORNER candy and Ice cream parlor: nice
place; departure. LANE & CO.. S65 Market.
NOTIONS, fancy goodB, stationery, pastry;
well stocked: must sell. LANE, 865 Market.
$400 — BRANCH bakery and cheap cash grocery;
good Etock; cheap rent. LANK, S6o Market.
CORNER grocery and bar; well stocked; 4 large
living rooms; rent $25. Apply Railroad Brew-
ery. 427 Valencia st.
$300 — SALOON and lunch house. 4 rooms, suit-
able for man and wire; -ickness cause; low
rent. C66 Mission st.
COFFEE a:vi tea routes supplied from' OEO.
W. CASWELL _ CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
FOR sale or exchange for jewelry, stock of
fancy goods. Box 151. Gllroy. Cal.
BAKERY, notions; store for sale cheap; corner
store; rer.t $13. £51 Natoma st.
SALOON with picnic gardens for sale; $125.
Eleven-mile House. Mission road. - ,- --,
FOR Kile— State right of Dr. Springsteen's dis-'
coverles: originator of VJavi remedies. 2421
' Fillmore Et.
TO lease— Waltennlre Belmont Hotel property.
Arpiy to GEO. C. ROSS, Belmont.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living rooms;
account cf sickness. 1111 Howard; no agents.
$l&00— BARGAIN— Grocery and bar: good stock;
large bar trade. Apply 30 Lily ave.
S1251) — INSIDE route on thls» paper. Inquire
€31 Sacramento st. BAPTIST—. ;.--
SALOON, downtown, near Market St.: rent $60
per month. Apply II First st.
MAKE your own price— Saloon; good business.
K. W. cor. Harrison and Langton sts.
FAMILY liquor -tor* at Invoice value; good
location: lease. DPI Market st. '
$400— RESTAURANT: bargain on account of
departure. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777$. Mrkt.
$600— AN old-established blacksmlthing and
ho-frsheeinjc business sacrificed on account of
death of owner. 22 Cortiand ave., nr. Mission.
NURSERY for sale; Jobs and toots, including
florist, 1724 Central ave.
LIN'DELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per, night: 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. ¦
LODGING-HOUSE S FOR SALE.
R. H. WINSTON _ CO.. 1CS6 Market, over the
j Wonder Millinery; telephone Mint 1591.
16 rooms $600.20 rooms $C00
24 roonls '.... 700 15 rooms 475
II rooms. Oakland. 1200 19 rooms 700
CAIUU."_JES AND WAGONS.
VERY swell camp wagon, accommodate 6
spring beds for invalids; must see to appre-
ciate. 3TT9 Mission St.. near Twenty-ninth.
ALL. kinds of wapon«. buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
' AN A No. 1 exrress wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at &Z2 Mission st.
NEW & Id-hanl wapins. buggies, carts & har-
ness, wrrk & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
CAllI'ET UEATlXGc AXD CLKAXIXG.
WHEN vou become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works, 2^-337 Tehama St.; fel. S. 41
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
341-344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatirg Co., 240 '14th st. : tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Deating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 frth st. ; tel. South 150.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet C]ear%n?r Co..
453 Stevenson St., tel. South 21:8; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 2c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 3S4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate av<?.: telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
AT Friendship Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. Mey-
er; convincing test to-night 10c; sittings daily.
MRP. KOTTER. spiritual medium; sittings: G.
$1. L. K'c; cir. Ma. Tu., Wed.. Frl., 10c. 34 Cth.
WYLLIE. the Los Ang-eles photo medium. 330
Ellis St.. 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Sundays included.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nignt. €05 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
EDWARD EARLE. 330 Ellis— Sittings daily this
ywk only; seance Sunday. 2«th.
C. M. STEERS, circle to-night. 8 o'clock. 25c;
readings. $1. 112V. Oak st.
MRS. DUNHAM, medium; readings daily; clr.
Tues.. Frl., 2. 8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room 33.
"GO to Watson": Epiritual medium and palm-
ist ; lurky and truest. l'Sl Market, nr. 12th; 25c.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting. $L 1104 Market.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, IS pages, eent to any address in the
United States or Car.ac'a one year fcr 31.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 205 Turk st.,
may be consulted on all afTairs of life; she
will ehow you bow to overcome your enemies;
re-move family troubles; restore lost affec-
tions; unite the'separat'.-d: satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send I'ac; for circular with
-pecial terms. MRS. DO. CLARK. 2ui Turk
St.. near Jones.
MME.LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future: never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
fecr«t: shews picture future husband or wife:
fee ZLc and up; -atisfacticn to everybody; open
Sundays. U£7 Market Et. bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight;
dlaunoVes diseases with life reading: ladies We, |
gents $1; palm. _ clair. : sit. $1 £0. 126 Turk Et.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; best advice. S23
M 1st ion St.. rear 4th. rm. 3; 25c up: ring bell.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st.. original gypsy
life reader; readings, toe; no elgn.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try: truth cr no pay; 25c & 50c. 1143 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
¦sittings gaily. 212H Sixth st.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. ETBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
bar.ds picture: 23c: ladif?. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
Ip-5h »ucce*«ful. Room 31". $27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A COTTAGE of 5 rooms. 2307 Polk st. .
EROAD'S place. 1. off Bush. bet. Hyde and
Larkin— Cottage of 5 rooms; large cellar;
rent. $15.
THREE sunny rooms, nice garden, cheap to
srrall family. 117} Folsom St.. near Ninth.
$S— COTTAGE 4 rooms, yard: respectable loca-
tion. 1703 Turk St.. near Scott.
JIO— BAY-WINDOW cottage: 4. rooms; water
free. 1C3 Collins ft., near Geary.
' DE.NTISTS.
AT t.'.e ELECTRCMDENTAL CLINIC, m Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rni. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
S3 50 up: dates, extractions free. $4 Oup; of-
fice hours S a. m. to lu p. m. : Sundays, 3 to 2
p. B. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
jso charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
frcm $S per set: extracting; 50c; gas given.
GET our prices for painless dentistry before
goinjr elsewhere. NEW YORK DENTAL
PARLOR. Sixth and Mission sts.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 29 O'Farrell St., en
vacation from Jcne 13 until Ju'.y _,
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
day*. 1001 Market st.. corr. er Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlcr. _i Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full »et of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; Slllngs, 25c
SETT of twth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S4I Polk st. ¦
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $L
P-'ftace raid.
DOG nOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dc-s" .*oap creates a
smooth. *Uky coat; for sale by ail druggists
or «t the hospital. S10 Golden Gate ave.
DR. BUZARD"S Dcg Hospital. Post. Flilnaore-^
Advice and m<»dlclne 75c; city visits II SO; all
ar.l— ain treatM: d"f- bearded. Tel. West C3S.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn (tressmak-
lng ond ladies' tailoring; eve, class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT. S3S Sutter St.. dressmaJtlng
achool: acy pattern cut to measure.
& V. Dree-makinr. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN Cresj— aklng. S$7 Geary St.; dresses
zsa.de. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit. ,
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds p!«at-
lrx. pinking, in Poet, over OXonnor_MoS_tt. ,
EDUCATIONAL.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market Bt.
AYRES', the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; life Echclarshlp', $50: includes short-
hand, ty pins, bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln Et.:
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date: all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. : est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
YOUNG lady of rood family, educated In Eu-
rope, desires to give Instructions in German,
painting and embroidery. Box 612, Call.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st,
S. F.; founded 1S63: SO-page catalogue free. .
THE only watchmaking: -chool on the coast for
ladies and gentlemen. O. Slnz. 36 Geary, r. 34.
OALLAGHKR-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand; bookkeeping. Parrott big.; cat' log.
PROF. MERKI, successful teacher of mandolin,
¦violin and guitar. 100S Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling.
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. : $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. €th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay S6.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Cht-
¦ nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help futn.; tel. John 2121. 806;. Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Beet help. 411'. O'Farrell St.: tel. East 42o.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
* ' ¦ ' ~ ~ — •" ¦— '- "T- """¦
COMPETENT Swedish cook wants a place;. a
first-class French second girl, best of refer-
ences; a first-class boarding-house cook, city
references; a competent Swedish girl wants a
place for housework; a first-class waitress,
hotel. Await situations at MISS CULLEN'S,
325 Sutter at. t
NEAT Protestant second girl wants situation
as such or chamberwork and sewing in pri-
vate family. Apply to J. F. CROSETT, S16
Sutter st.
WANTED by a good reliable woman, a posi-
tion as cook in private family; reference. 413
First st.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wishes housework In
grown family or care of Infant few hours
during day or evening-. Apply 621 Jessie Bt.,
off Seventh, rear cottage.
FRENCH lady nurse of good appearance, kind
and patient, wishes position to take care in-
valid or children: no objection to travel T^i-
rone or resort- Call 418 Ellis St.. room 35.
WOMAN wishes to work by the day as laun-
dress or housecleaner. 321 Ellis st.
WOMAN wishes situation as nurse, care of In-
fants, invalids or to do sewing. 3 Seventh st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
light housework and cooking. 2206 Twenty-
third «t., bet. Kansas and Rhode Island.
POSITION by American Protestant woman to
do chamberwork; sleep home. Box' 610. Call
office.
COMPETENT girl wishes situation as cook in
small family: no washing. £13 McAllister st.
GERMAN girl wishes to do general housework.
Call 10 to 5, 162 Tehama st.
DRESSMAKER wishes a few more engage-
ments by the day In families. Either call
between 7 and 8 p. m., cr address MISS S.,
141S Jackson st. !
AMERICAN woman wishes situation to do any ;
kind of work; is first-class laundress and good ¦
housekeeper; will work by day at $1 and car
fare. 242V_ Minna St.. downstairs, not in rear. ;
A WOMAN wishes to work by the day or by
month and sleep home. . Box 26SS, Call office.
ELDERLY lady would like position, as house-
keeper or would take light housework. S03
! Turk st. . |
WOMAN with a child wants position as work- i
ing housekeeper in small family or for wid-
ower; in city or country. C16 Capp et.
YOUNG woman wishes a position as working
housekeeper: understands care of children.
Bex 603. Call office.
WANTED by a middle-aged lady, pbsition as
housekeeper in 6mall family. Call at 14 Mc-
Allister tt., room 8.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wishes situation in
American family to assist In general work.
Call or address 220 Sixth ave.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted by Ameri-
can lady cr care for Invalid. Apply 205 J ,4 Fair
1 Oaks et.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to keep house
for party of men or widower; city or country.
C. 1541 Mission St.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar^
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to M
week: convenient and respectable: free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6
Valencia, st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
SITUATION as butler by young man of good
address; first-class references; city or coun-
try. D., 1225 Market St.. room 5, S. F.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, desires work
in private family; thorough experience;
strictly sober: uses no tobacco; not afraid of
work; undeniable references. R., S63 Mission.
SITUATION wanted by young man In book-
store; 6 years' experience in new and old
books. Address box 617. Call.
GENERAL blacksmith; city or country shop.
Box C16. Call.
SITUATION wanted as gardener; 6 years' ex-
perience; English. Address box 26S2, Call.
.ENGINEER and machinist; young; practical
all-round mechanic: Is also millwright; has
long experience around machinery; first-class
references. Box 2312, Call.
SITUATION wanted as coachman; life ex-
perience in good stables; English; good refer-
ences. Box eO5. Call office.
COACHMAN (middle-ag»sl man) wants situa-
tion; wages reasonable, good references. C.
B., box C06, Call office. ..•<_' .»•-.
YOUNG Danish man wants situation In private
p.lace; thoroughly understands care of horses,
cows and parden; best of references. Ad-
dress box V.Cj. Call office.
ENGLISHMAN, married, competent, trust-
worthy, wants charge of orchard or vineyard,
or would keep house for bachelor rancher and
work en place: good bookkeeper; Al refer-
ences. Box 2S27. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a man as gardener,
hrt«tler or to do general work around place;
city or country: reference. Box 4400, Call.
OUTSIDE salesman with good line of city and
country customers wants position; can furnish
bonds and references. Address box 2323. Call."
JAPANESE first-class cook wants situation;
with good reference. Box 619, Call.
WANTED— Situation by competent bushelman;
custom trade. H. TURNER. 204V. Eddy gt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been ertablished at 10S«
Valencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAY—RLE, German expert optician,
1071S Market st. — Examinations free: German
eye water by mail, 60c. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS, ccttages. etc. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
(XI Market st. ¦
K15 Pine; f. 7 r $25' 913H Buch'n; f. 5 r.$14
7I«3 Haight; c. f. 7 r.$25 I214A Scott: t. 4 r...$13
417 Joaes; f. 6 r $25 112 Felt; f. f r $l«
41S Hermann: n. 8 r.$30i 40 Belvedere: f. 8 r.$25
A— 3 UPPER sunny modern flats. . o and 6
rooms; bath each. 967. 973, 975 G. G. are.
A— R-ROOM flat: corner: tunny: 2 bay windows;
all med»rn Improvem'ts: 1st floor. 417H Third.
CORNER bay-window flat. 7 rooms, bath, iras:
cottage cf 5 rooms, basement, yard. 1S76 Fif-
teenth St.. near Dolores.
COZY, inexpensive fiats. 4 and 5 rooms, bath.
1C42 and 13t4 Sacramento St.. below Mason. •
FOLSOM. ECS— Flat_of 3 rooms; hot and cold
water; range; very desirable.
IF y«u want to move get printed list fiats to 1st
frcm BALDWIN ft HOWELL. 10 Montgomery '
NEW modern sunny flats; bath, yard, base-
ment; fr and 7 rooms; reas. 1931-1335 O'Farrell.
EUNNY upper fiat; 8 rooms; bath; all sunny;
rent' $25. Cor. Broadway and Larkln st.
TEHAMA. CO and 2T0%— Good fiats ; 4 and 5
- room*: *_ month free; SS and $18. SPECK &
CO.. 687 Market St. .
UPPER sonny flat, I rooms; rent $12. 437 Ivy
ave.; key 47S Hayes st.
$S— LOWER Cat of 4 room-. 27 Pearl «t. oft
Market, near Valencia.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
SOLID walnut bankers' counter; 17 feet long
with drawers, etc.; cheap. BACIGALUPI
933 Market et. ¦
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60, with No
m 1 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
FUH.MTUIIE WANTED.'
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
.highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buy!
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A CHAMBERMAID to wait one meal. Mil
Valley. $20; chambermaid and waitress, sam<
town, $20; second girl, city, $20; restauram
¦waitress, $7 per. week: cook and second girl
same house, $25 and $15, city; French nurse
Santa Cruz, $20; cook for men, city, *20. MISS
CULLEN. 825 Sutter St.
A FIRST-CLASS waitress, resort. $25; fai-
paid. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A GERMAN cook, institution across the bay,
$30; also German chambermaid and waitress,
same place. 120. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 186"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress. Blue Lakes, $25, fare one way;
waitress. Saratoga Springs. $20. fare paid; i
waitresses, seaside resort, $20; waitresses foi
Fresno. $25, fare paid; Woodland, $25: Stock-
ton, $2u; Napa. $20; 2 waitresses, Carson City,
New, $20, fare paid; chambermaid, summei
resort. $20; woman cook, summer resort. $40,
fare paid; woman cook, small restaurant,
country. $35. fare paid. • .
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, city, $30; cook, 12 men. city, $20; cook
for boarding house, Mendoclno County, $25;
cook on ranch. $25: cook, San Mateo, $25;
nurse, one child. .$15; cook, Alameda County,
$20; cook. Santa Clara County. $25. plain cook-
lne and- no housework. C. R- HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary et.
WANTED-Cook for 10 miners, $35; 2 Protest-
ant second girls, country, $20 and $25; cook,
Jewish family, short distance. $30; 6 Protest-
ant girls; general housework, short distance,
$25; waiters, nice restaurant, city. $7 week;
French nurse and seamstress, $20; 6 lroners
for laundries, $30 and $35; cook for roadside
house, $30; German nurse and seamstres*. $20;
2 waitresses, country resorts, $20; 4 waitresses
and chambermaids, city, $20. and quite a
large number of girls for general housework
In both city and country at going wages, too
numerous to advertise. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT. 316 Sutter St.
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats; steady
work. 40 Ellis St., room 62.
WANTED— An experienced waitress. Apply 20
Third St., Palace Grotto.
TWO waitresses; flrst-clasa arm work; best
wages; 2 weeks' work. Apply by mall or
telegraph, C. H. DALY, Electric Kitchen,
Stockton, Cal.
GIRL wanted to do general housework. Call
S04 Stelner st.. near 'Haight.
RESPECTABLE girl to assist in general house-
work; small family; $15. 511 Cole st., opp.
Chutes.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework;
wages $10. 1628 Buchanan et.
GIRL to do general housework; 3 in family;
$15. 729 Golden Gate ave.
GIRL for light housework. 815 Diamond
street.
WANTED— Experienced dressmakers at MA-
DAM CECILIA'S, 330 Eddy st.
WANTED— A waitress for a coffee saloon. Call
at 132 Fourth Et.
WANTED— A young girl to assist In house-
work. 2016 Buchanan Et.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work- 853 How-
ard St.. bet. 4th and Sth, over handball court.
GIRL for downstairs work and cooking; wages
$25. 1207 Gough st.
YOUNG German girl for upstairs work. 1207
Gough et.
GIRL for light housework. 1312 Buchanan St.,
between Eddy and Ellis.
GOOD waitress wanted at 611 Larkln st.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper; must fully under-
stand double entry and be a good penman;
references required. Box 621. Call.
WANTED — A woman for general housework;
wages $10 per month; good home; references
required. Apply 1030 Montgomery St., corner
A'allejo.
GIRL for light housework; 3 adults; $12. 377
Oak st.
WANTED— Girl to work In dining-room from
11 to 2. 619 Sacramento st.
GOOD chocolate dipper; steady wages, $7 60
per week. Box 2C84. Call office.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework; 2
children; $3. 4 Twelfth Bt.
STRONG, willing girl for general housework.
1460 <y Farrell st.
GIRL who understands German cooking; ref-
erences. 2211 Broadway.
WANTED— Waitress. $15 per month and room.
£15 Valencia st.
COMPETENT infants' nurse; references. Apply
between 10 and 12, 2325 Gough.
GIRL wanted for light housework; good hom*.
623. Halght st. .
SMART lady with ability to solicit; $6 and com-
mission; S to 12. 916 Market St.. room 42.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; good
cook. Call 23C3 Van Necs ave., bet. 9 and 12.
EXPERD3NCED fruit canners wanted immedi-
ately. Apply U. S. FRUIT PACKING CO..
Harrison ave., off Folsom St., bet. Seventh
and Eighth.
WANTED— 200 women and girls to work on
fruit. Apply Immediately U. S. FRUIT
PACKING CO.. Harrison ave., between Sev-
enth and Eighth sta.. off Folsom.
WANTED— Woman of tact to travel Eastward
for a business house; only those able to fur-
nish acceptable security for goods and moneys
handled need apply. Address RESPONSIBLE,
box g?lS. Call. "
GIRLS. GIRL6. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'s overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS, 32% Fremont.
DRIED fruit facers; long Job: piece work.
Apply at Terminal Warehouse. 532 Townsend
St.. Immediately for registration. :
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Crovo sts.
IRONER and girls to learn ironing at Et.
Nicholas Laundry, Seventeenth £_nd Folsom.
IRONER8 wanted on ¦ ladies' and children's
wear; to work in factory. 723 Mkt., room 35.
OPERATORS ar.d finishers on custom coats
and Dants. 10S Battery st.
OPERATORS, button-hole makers, finishers &
apprentices; wages learning. 509 Kearny, R. 2.
WANTED— Waitress. Hotel Repelier. 781 Sut-
ter st. . •
SMALL girl; care for baby; good home. 106
; Bernard st., near Broadway, off Jones.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom «t.. bet. 13th and 14th sts. _^
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia st. ¦• '
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— DAIRYMAN, springs. $25. fare here; waiter,
country hotel. $?); dishwasher, same place.
$17 £0, middle-aged German preferable; 2 ranch
hand. $25 each. MISS CULLEN. 22j Sutter.
AMERICAN cook, private family hotel: hotel
cook, country. $45: beard Ing-house cook. $40;
restaurant cooks; 3 waiters for country hotels,
$25 and $30; cake baker,* $13 week; second
bakc-r, country. $40 and board; American
baker, country shop, $12 and found; dlsh-
Tvashens. vegetable ¦ men and others. J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY. 62S Sacramento gt.
MAN to make brick by contract; 3 wheel-
wrights, $2 £0 and $3 day and $35 and board:
4 blacksmiths, $2 and board. $35 and board
and $3 day: blacksmith helpers. $1 50 day and
board and $z day; 2 washers and starchers,
$30 and $33 and found; ironer and starcher,
$35 and found: carriage painter for country;
machine man for planing mill, $3 day: ma-
chinist for country, $3 day. J. F. CROS-
ETT AGENCY. €tS Sacramento st.
2 STABLEMEN. $30 and found and $50: farm-
ers. $25 and $35; milkers, $30; 2 men and
wives, $35 and VA; fruit! pickers,. $1 day and
board; teamsters: 10 laborers for brick yard,
$30 and board: laborers for mill and woods,
po to-day, fare advanced; miners. $2 50 and
$3 day; laborers for mine. $1 15 and board; 20
railroad laborers, $1 90 day. free fare: and
many others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, C2S
Sacramento st. .
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jeasie 152.
TWO men of genteel appearance to solicit In-
dustrial Insurance; good contracts to right
parties. Call 405 Montgomery £_., room 6. i
bet- 8 and 9 a. m. G. J.. MOORE.
WANTED— Agent: every household needs It:
big money. TO.MINSKI. 810 Eddy et.; call
between 11 and 12. • .
BUSHELMAN and presser at the California
Clothing Renovatory, 116 Geary st.
' HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY.... Phone Main 5S4:
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
.......WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
500 men for railroad work, reconstruction an<
new work on following divisions: Dunsmuir
Shasta, Truckee. State of Nevada. Salt Lake
Sacramento. Western, and all Coast division;
of California, Santa Barbara, Los Angeles
We ship you on all above divisions free fan
and oftice fee 51, no other expenses.
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE
TO 35 SAWMILLS, ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED.. ......
663 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers t<
run machines, wages from t28 to $40 pei
month and found :
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers. $40 aiu
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers. bane
eawyers. screw turners, gang edjeermen. It
fact, we want help of every description foi
sawmills, woods, etc., tSO, t75, 190, $120. $60,
100, $40. $30 and found: 584 woodchoppers. tie-
makers, tools and fooa found, some at mines,
$3. $2 60, J2, tl 50, $1 and 75c cord: shlngU
Joiner, shtnele packer: 25 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare paid. »40 and found
CO laborers, handy with hatchet, to build flum«
. $30, $33, $40 and found
LUMBER *PILERS FARE PAIE
v 10 men to pile lumber, $30 and found, see
' boss here, fare paid, to go to-day
..HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CREWS..
Header wagon drivers, $2 a day and found;
2S2 men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work
in fields, header men, etc., $1 25, $1 60. $2 day
and found; come and see
....STABLES. VINEYARDS, ORCHARDS....
GARDENS
16 Btablemen, city and country Jobs, $40, $35,
$30, $25 and found
129 vineyard and orchard hands, $35, $30. $20
and found; S cardeners. 1 stableman, all for
private families. $30. $25, $20 and found; come
DAIRIES,* CHEESE FACTORIES" '.'.'.'...
39 milkers for different places. $35, $30 and
found; 6 butter makers and run separators,
boss here, 335 and found; 5 cheesemakers. dif-
ferent jobs, 135 and $40 and found
...MEN. AND BOYS TO CUT FRUIT AND..
BERRY PICKERS
50 boya and men to cut fruit, no experience
required, piece work, can mako good wages
Also 150 Berry Pickers;
SPECIAL
Farmer and wife, {CO and found, see boss
here, fare paid
Fireman, gold mine $52 60
4 machine miners $30
MECHANICAL HELP
Carpenter, sawmill company, 140 and found,
fare paid; carpenter. $2 75 to $3 day; cooper.
$3 day; cooper to make butter kege; IS black-
smiths and horseshoers, $2 SO, $60, $70, $45 and
$30 and found -.
....S. P. R. R.— DIFFERENT DIVISIONS....
Free fare Office fee II
Section and reconstruction and new work
laborers; you'll suit; regular wages...
60 laborers, 6. P. R. R. $2 day, free fare
..SPECIAL NOTICE. .MINES. .BIG WAGES..
35 laborers for mines; no experience required;
you'll suit, $40 to $43 per month and found; 29
miners, single hand $90 and $75
Crowds going to gold mines
For a new mine
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 M, $34 and
found; 6 men and wives for ranches, $40, $35,
$30 and found
Read these carefully
865 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many" for San Francisco, $3,
$2 £0. $2. $1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
home
For other positions come down and read
billboards.
6 laboVersfor mine company, fare 60c, $50 and
found; 12 single-handed miners, fare $2 iO, $60
and found
Coal Miners Hard Rockmen Drillera
Rockmen Hammersmen, $2 25 day
Etrong man for meat warehouse, $2 25 day.
MURRAY &. READY. 634-636 Clay at.
A— LAUNDRY.... CANDYMAKERS ....COOKS
Candymaker, country , . HO
Leundryman. Institution $25 and found
IS cooks. $35, $40. $45 and $60 and found;
butchers. $33 and $30; cooks for ranches and
hay preEs, $10 and found; first and second
bakers, $10 and $33, fare paid; bakers and
helpers, $30 and $40 and found; boy for bak-
¦ ery. $20 and found; cook and wife. $50 and
found; waiters, bakery, cafe, hotels and re-
sorts, $30, $35 and $»0 and found; young man
for lunch counter, $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper, stenographer and
typewriter, large company, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Et.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 104 GEARY ST.
200 teamsters and laborers $2 a day
. New railroad For State of Nevada
Ship dally Fee %l Free fare
#200 men for coast road..... $2 a day
•Ship dally Fee $1 Free fare
200 laborers S. P. Co. w«rk $2 a day
Ship dally Fee $1 Free fare
50 men, railroad work, Truckee. ...$1 80 a day
Ship to-day Fee $1 Free fare
25 4-horse teamsters, L. A. Dlv J2 a day
Ship to-day Fee $1 Free fare
Track gang Moore Park $2 a day up
Ship to-day Fee $1 Free fare
4 blacksmiths
1 wheelwright. $2 50, $3 and found
6 miners. $2 50; 2 machine men, $3; bricksetter.
¦ $30; 10 milkers, $30: 10 farmers, $30; 20 wood-
men, j-ee boss here, $35 to $45 and found;
gardener and wife, see boss here, $50; 200 men
for other kinds of work $2 a day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook and helper, country hotel. $65; 10 sec-
ond cooks, country hotels, springs. $35 to $50;
3d cook, springs, $30, fare advanced: 10
bakers, pastry cooks, hotels and shops, $35 to
$50; 6 helpers, $25 to $35; 10 waiters, country
hotel, eprings. $25 to $30: 15 waiters, restaur-
ants, $35 to $40; 40 dishwashers and kitehen
hands. $20 to $30: 6 porters, hotels, city and
country. $25 to $-"W).
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED
Office boy for this office. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay et.
WANTED
10 men or boys for cutting and packing fruit.
Bakers' helper, country. $30 and found;
slaughterer, near city, $30 and found; milker,
near city, $30 and found; plain blacksmith,
near city, $30 and found : 2 farmers, near city,
$25 and found; 2 laborers. San Mateo. $25 and
found; waiter, country hotel, fare paid. $30;
cook, small pla.ee, $30 and room; blacksmith
helper, $30 and found: 4 laborers, brickyard,
$30 and found; milk 12 cows and chores, $30;
2 farmers, $40 and board; gardener, private
place, $25; lumber pliers. $35 and fare paid:
4 miners. $2 50 a day. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
WANTED— Boy about 18 years for office, to
learn real estate and financial business: must
be bright: wages $20 per month. Call at room
6C3, Examiner building.
FIRST-CLASS cabinet makers wanted. <
Ninth st.
BOY wanted for drug store. Apply 642 Halght
street.
BARBER Ehop with ba^hs, good location, city,
for sale: price $250. Box 614. Call.
BOY drive wagon, help grocery and bar; wages
$3 cer week. Box 613, Call.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 323 Devlsadero St., near
Oak.
BOY and eirl hustlers during vacation; can
earn good salaries. Box 609, Call.
BOOTBLACK wanted at barber shop. 315
Kearny et.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C2 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Boy for delivery in a fruit and
produce business. Inquire 334 Devlsadero st.,
near Oak.
YOUN'G man to help In saloon; must be quick
and neat. 1053 Market st.
WANTED — Good all-round upholsterer and car-
pet-layer; wages $2 a day. Call 1200 Eddy St.,
between 8 and 10 a. m.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Grand Hotel Barber
Shop. ' ,
GOOD barber wanted at 321 Ellis .t
BRIGHT boy about 16 years, anxious to learn
trade. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market st.
BARBER wanted to take charge of 2-chair
shop. 229 Second st. ___,!
WANTED— A horseshoer competent to take the '
floor or fire. Corner Third and Silver s£a»;
call early.
WANTED— An errand boy; wages $3 per week.
131 Montgomery St.. room 5.
BARBERS — 3-qhair shop for sale. 213 OTar-
rell st.
WANTED— Bootblack; wages $10 per week, at
Russ House Barber Shop. , .,.- ;
WANTED— Steady man; light. Indoor work;
will pay"|50 per month, with chance of In-;
crease; small capital. .1C16 Market, room 10.
WANTED— First-clkss dishwasher; call early. '
California Restaurant, 105 California Market.
BARBER wanted. 28C9 California st.
CATHOLIC man fcr grocery store; one with
old country experience; wages $25 and board.
Box €20. Call office. » .
BOOTBLACK' wanted at barber shoe. 1427
Octavia St., near Post.
BARBER chair and bootblack rtand for sale
cheap. 215 Sixth st.
GET ycur •hoes half-soled while waiting, 25c to
Oc. LCZ Mission et.. bet. 1st and ti cts.
RELIABLE man to attend cash counter: look
after help in restaurant: as partner; $400 re-
. quired; Al chance. 79 Third st. :
GROCERYi clerk wasted; no bar; German pre-
ferred: references. 2420 California sU
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. B. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and, 35 years; not less than 5 Teet
.4 Inch's acd net over S feet 1 Inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States cr per-
sons who have legally declared their lnten-
r tlons to become citizens; able to read, write
and - speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply ..at the Marine Recraiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. - San Francisco. CaL. or
&30 K st. Sacramento, ,Cal.
WANTED — I and 4 horse teamsters: apply
early Monday at £S7 14th «t.. near Guerrero.
- San Francisco Construction Company.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
S $150— BARBER shop: best location on Market
St.; cheap rent. 1542 Market »t.
j MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class: special Inducements this season; only
s Institution In the world teaching this trade;
map of city and Illustrated, catalogue mailed
j free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. (35
Clay st.
• WASHER and starcher wanted: good wages to
the right man. Apply at STANFORD HAND
j LAUNDRY. PaJo Alto.
r SAILORS, ordinary seamen and grven hands'
• all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 25 Steuart.
1 STEADY shoemaker on repairing; $3 to J10 a
j week. • gl-tO Flllmore at.
MAN or boy to do Janitor work for tulticn at
\ San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howari at.
' GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
| cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 113 Kearny.
• WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
'• j that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
' runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
' rooms; 25c per night; II to S3 per week.
. PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 18
years," practice; Examiner bids.
I WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
I ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
' A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st.
1 CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore gt.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Snle
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bugrjies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.: auction salsa every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneer-.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTY'S. 2170 Market at.; Castro-
st. cars pass the door.
FOR sale — One good driving horse at a bargain.
Fifteenth and Guerrero sts.
CARLOAD young horses, weighing- 1200 to 1S0O.
J. D. FORRESTER, salesman. 1636 Mlislon.
HORSES— Young, well broken, for all purposes,
cheap; best In city. 721 Howard at-, nr. Third.
FOR rale— I extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ava.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; bouses to let; send for clr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE and stable; cottage of 6 rooms: reason-
able. • Inquire 820V. Jessie Bt.. eg Ninth.
LOST AXD FOOD.
LOST— Sunday morning; old American fox-
hound dog; black, white and tan; W. L.
Prather Jr. on collar. Return to SU Harrison
8t.; $5 reward- - ;, ¦
LOST— Dark brown water spaniel: answers to
name of Don;, has collar and tag: tag No.
3364. Return to 430 Ellis St.: receive reward.
LOST — Black greyhound, white breast; reward.
Return to New Poetoffice Stable. Jessie St.,
near Sixth.
LOST— Mastiff dog; had collar and name on it.
Liberal reward on return to VON DER MEH-
' DEN BROS.. Sixteenth and Folsom sta.
LOST— Light-colored cassimere vest: finder
suitably rewarded. ALFRED LILIENFELD.
90S Market st.
LOST — Short-tailed brown water spaniel dog.
4150 Eeventeenth St.. near Eureka; reward.
LOST— Fox terrier; answers name of Nettle;
brown ears; brown spot in center of fore-
head: brown spot on tall; reward. Return to
New Western Hotel.
LOST— A feather boa on Twenty-flrst Bt., bet.
Mission and Bryant. Return to 11 Thirtieth
st. ; liberal reward.
LOST— A diamond fly pin; liberal reward. ISIS
Buchanan st.
LOST— A passbook with tha Hibernia Saving,
and Loan Society of San Francisco, la tha
name of MAGGIE OLSEN, No. 23S-47L The
finder will Elease return to bank.
AIISCELLAXEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-1&7 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; we always .
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
22 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st. above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR sale — Cocker spaniel; brown and white. 6
Bond st.
A— BUYS. . sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. .16 Spear st.
YOUNG Durham cow; calf S days old; millts
20 quarts daily; gentle. 1112 Folsom st.
CANARY birds: good singers. Come, see and
I buy them of LOHMANN. 3l£3 Sixteenth st.
EDISON concert phonograph — Reduced price,
|73; concert records, $1 SO. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
INCUBATOR. 200-egg size; good order. Box
19:4. Call office.
FOR SALE — Schooner, about 12 tons; four years
old; very cheap. J. HIATT. 7S3 Mission Bt.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, tl 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 230 Kearny st.. near Pine.
NEW 20-Hght T. and H. arc light dynamo with
regulator, complete. WHITE, SIS Mission st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers: lathes; Id -hand. J. Burke. 133 B«ale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar croof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
A FINE suit, $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for J2 SO.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton «t-
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; movtng
pictures. BCLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post it.'
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 403 California.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar proof safe. 215 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE -HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and «econd-hand; all sizes. THE
"WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market st.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Tha Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address in the-
United States cr Canada in* year for tl.
ailSCELLAXEOfS WAXTS.
WANTED — Second-hand upholsterer's hair-
picker; must be in good order and cheap.
Call at 1200 Eddy st.
WILL PAY cash for old. sealskins. Box 4313.
Call office.
WILL pay cash for old sealskins. Box 4313,
Call office.
¦WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WH1TEHEAD. 710 Market St.
MEDICAL ™
MRS. DR. KOHL, only reliable ladies' special-
ist of long and successful practice. Guaran-
teed treatment at office. t3: home in confine-
ment: best care: consultation free and con-
fidential. 44? Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and
Hyde; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8: Sundays 10 to 4.
j DR. G. W.O'DOSXELL. the world- renowned
; ladles' special iBt; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home: consultation free. Write or call at
1023Vb Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialist,
has returned from Kurope; safe and reliable;
cure to;, have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice in S. F. ; maternity
home: low fees. 1007H Market st.. # near Sth.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
practice; home in conJlnemer.t: treatment at
office. K: any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidentlal. M2 Pest St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China; dls- '
eases of all kinds cured: h*rbs and teas; .ar.i- t
tarlum. 704 Sacrarr.er. to, ccr. Kearny ;advice free, j
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1C Market— Ladles' spe-
clalist; home in confinement: safe and reli-
able; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
i DR. and. MRS. DA VIES. 12*3 Market: ladies'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scl-
entlfic methods; treatment. 13.
Y S— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialist-.
lllg Market St.; every case guaranteed; to. up.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reason-
able. 2012 Folsom «t- MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dl~-
ea-es of the human body. 115 Mason st.
3XOXEY TO LOAX.
HEIRS to unsettled »staTeT7n"probate^»n*"rer
. ceive cash et ence; also flrst or second mort-
gage loans on real estate, furniture and
pianos; no removal; prompt dealing: no
charge unless loan is granted. EQUITABLE
LOAN CO.. room KS. Examiner build!n«.
I ANY amount at C per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d raort-
; gages, undivided interest, real ertate la pro-
! bate; mortgages acd legacies bought: no de-
, lay; get my terms before doing business elie-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
LOANS made on furniture at 1U per cent: also
loans to salaried people. IIARSHEAEGEB,
222 Ellis rt.. room %L .
I MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
! watches. Jewelry. VT. J HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
1 highest price for old gold, silver, -iamondi.
MOSEY TO LOA.V.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, -legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; life Insurance. R«orn 18. flrst
floor. Chronicle big., HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry _t ow-
es; rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store S46 Market
st : tel. Main 1641. Branch 13 Third st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
EONELIJ, Conservatory bldg-.. 130 Powell st.
AT ' 126 Kearny, rocna 9, respectable privata
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
OX furniture and piano* without removal; quick
service; money direct: lowest interest. Room*
63 and 63. Donohoe building, 117» Market st.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mdrtgajes. an.1 ra
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER &-CO.. IS Montgomery.
| H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. solves al] kinds of
financial problems: Id mortgages, estates, etc.
MONEY leaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 4C1 Calif.
TO salaried people without security: all busl-
neas confidential. Tousley Co.. 3-1 Parrot big.
CASH leaned to salaried people on note without
inflorser. MOKRELL. 6C3 Examiner bulMln*.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143» Phelan building.
MfSlCAl, USTRITUEXTS.
YOU save J1C0 _ y buying on» of th« fine lar«r_
walnut upright pianos offered by us for $175
until July I: stool and cover Included. MAU-
VAI3 MUSIC CO.. 7S9 Market St.
DURING the next few days, while trad* is
supposed to be quiet, we shall mark down th«
prices of all pianos: save money by purchas-
ing- a piano now. MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO.. 783
Market st.
PIANOS at cost; owing to the dull seaaoa now
upon us we are accumulating a larg« stock of
rtntal planes; these, together with a nurab«r
of samples sent us from factory, will ty»
closed out regardless of profit; a better op-
portunity has never been offered; terms Terr
liberal. BENJ. CURTAZ & BON. U O*F_J>
rell st.
AS wo represent the best make of piano* ta
every grade, from Steinway down to low-'
priced makes, and aa our installment p«y-
ments are easier than those of other dealers.
we are the peopls frcm whom yea should
purchase; new upright plaaos. (5 cash. S3 p«r
month: other pianos $3, 14 and IS per month.
6 HERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealar*.
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. Ban Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and Urrest brass
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHAS-TS.
28. 23 and SO O' Farrell at. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and pricea: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing- possible done to please and satisfy t_a
customer.
BARGAIN!
J.': 1^; cash, balance j:«CO can remain at f per
cent; house of 5 fiats: brick foundation; 3
blocks from new City Hall: ca small street ;
Income Hj monthly. Box 2310. Call ogee.
MEDIUM sized upright piano, beautiful tone,
handsome case, offered this week for f.00.
Room 12. Flood, building.
ONE Steinway, 1 Chickerin*. JIM; !njtallnier;t3
j 13 to tlO: rent K up: HEINE'S. 13S EUls st.
FOR sale — Violin: 2£agslnl; good tone; cheap.
K03'-_ Mission St.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauxy. Gabler. Hamil-
i ton pianos. SCS Pest st.
1 BARGAINS— A few pianos will be sold this
week for storage; offers wanted (cash or In-
stallments). Wilson's Storage Co., 1715 Mrkt.
FINE Krell upright piano at a great bargain.
STATHAM. IPS McAllister St.
REDUCTION sale: new p!ano». *5 payments ;
for rent. J2 up. BRUENN. 223 Pest st.
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. SCHM1T2* IS
McAllister St.. next Hibernia Ba-'-
W. O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, eld and new. H.
MULLER. maker. r»pat-»r. 2 Latham plac».
OFFICES A>D STOKES— TO I_T.
MIDDLE loft: 2;_.12O: office cr factory; powfr
available; light all over. 573 Mission St.. op-
posite Wells, Fargo & Co.
LARGE stores and sunny offices near Hall of
Jostle*. Court block. BARIN. 413 Kearny st.
PALMISTItT.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads I to t. Hi Geary, nr. Jones.
H JEROME FOSSELLI. •clentlfle palmist. SIS
Tuvlnr »t.. h»t. O-ary * Port: phone FS'.aok til.
PASTCHAGE.
!00 TO 500 acres green pasture, clover and wild
grasses mixed, for horses or cattle. For
terms apply A. B. FULLER. Ar.tloc.i. Ca.1.
PERSONALS.
¦WANTED — Information concerning the where-
abouts of Patrick Lally cr any of hJs chil-
dren—Frank.. William George. Bernard
Thomas and Ellen CMalley— all Jiving In
February. 1SS0. at 113 Harrison St.. S. F. Ad-
dress J. B. O*MALLEY, 223 North Washing-
ton ave.. Scrantcn. Pa. ,
EASTERN young lady, cultured, wishing to re-
main In California, would correspond wtthi
gentleman cf standing; object, matrimony.
Bex 815, Call office.
IF you go ta LEDERER'3
You are sure of having
Your hair dressed correctly.
The very latest ha!r styles, 250.
Lederer's Quintonlca Hair Tonic, Cc
Lederer's Fcamo Shampoo only So pacfcaftL
Lederer's Hair Store. 123 Stockton st.
ACADESlY for the new science of healing
without cperations; before you undergo an
operation give us a call; consul tatloa free.
DR. WM. SCHMITT. 127 Pest st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
2Sc to II 10 per night; $1 50 to S3 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
USE LUlle Webb's soap, made from cllre oils,
roots and herbs; lCc at druggists; agents
wanted. 14 Grant ave.. Robertson _t Co.. 3 to 4.
AN elegant gult for $13 75 from imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market st_,
between Seventh and Eighth.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
GOOD upright piano for J7S. Call evenings at
lS^C Howard »t.. bet. Eleventh and Tw-Ifth.
FULL-DRESS and other suits bought: also old
gold. Portland Loan Office, g Stockton st.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using TaJ-
cott's Curling Fluid; 23c bottle; druggist*.
CAST-OFF clothing, old goH and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'3, 106 Kearay st.
O. D. MORSE, photographer. IS0« PactSc ave,.
between Pierce and Scctt: phona Ste!.-er C3L
LADIES' and gents' ca*t-cff clothing bought and
sold. Sllvenran. 9S4 Folsom. tel. Folsom 1131.
CHEAPEST and be«t In America— The y**^'
Call. H pages, eent to any address ta ta»
United State-* or Canada one, year rcr n.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE l->»n kodaks" free: pheto supplies. Backus
stnd!r>. 11 Geary gt.. gr'-r.d ani tr? Coon.
PHYSICIAAS ASP SCRGEOSS.
DR C. c/cDONNeLl— Office and t^UUxum.
mVOvS Market »t.. r.et.. Sixth and Seventh.
KKAL ESTATE—CITY— *OR SALE .
IF you have lots ta Richmond, north of th»
park, which y«u wish to dispose of quickly,
then call en the unaersigned: I have cade
rVany^ales in this district darlnz the last
six r-o-uh- where the owners had tried la
YBlnto^l. W. J. GIX.V. SSO California «t-
mrAPr^T goc<J lot on Paci3c Heights; se«s
quick. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 64* Market rt.
KOnrpV house- and ftaU built at lowest
,.i OT " clans and estimate, furnished for all
lulling work. CAMPBELL, HO __l«loa »t.
l «v\p— tlK: lots near school. v.\\z~>. Apply
TiilPTI.rTON. 272 Eiiowa St.. Ocean View.
HEAL ESTATE COfSTUy— For Sale
FOR SALE— Good-paying- investment: ecustry
hctel: rented at XUS. For particulars apply at
southwest corner Eidy and Taylor sts.
HOME In Faliaas; win exchange far San Franv
Cisco rr°perty. Address box ISK. Call offlc*
ROOMS FOR IlOL'SEKEEPI.fC*.
BUSH. Ziyi — t sunny front rooras fnrn_slse_l for
tlgbt housekeeping; adults only.
CHESTNUT, ttl. North Beach — Furnished
housekeeping rocm; cheap: fine view; sunny.
EDDT. 917 — Verr desirable- furnished house-
keeping rooms: no children; private re*i<lenc«w
EIGHTH. J4B— One or two sunny bedrooms
with kitehen furnished for hausekeepla*:
bath: private family.
FIFTH. MS— 3uite of - rooms fumUhed for
housekeeptn;; cheap rent, ¦
FOLSOM.- 7T6^-_ neatly furnished connecting '
hou«--k*j>ing rocma; also 1 lirgle room.
FOLSO1X. ttl — Lai-re simnv hou»* keeping roca;
stove; doaet; bath; private; {1 ~Ji week.Thomas P. Dunne and A. B. Patrick
Declare the Amounts for "Which
They Axe Liable.
Thomas P. Dunne, a retired saloon
keeper of this city, filed a petition In in
solvency in the United States- District
Court yesterday. The liabilities reach the
respectably large figure of $243,525 74, and
were contracted by Mr. Dunne when do
ing business in New York City as a build
er and contractor In 1S91 and 1892. Most
of the liabilities are Judgments on prom
issory notes and foreclosure of mortgages
and would have been outlawed had not
Mr. Dunne left New York. State to build
a new fortune in San Francisco. He con
ducted the Art "saloon on Market Btreet
for a few years and has retired from bus
iness. *
Owen Breslln. laborer, Oakland, filed a
petition stating his debts at $5122. He
has no assets.*
A- B. Patrick, Involuntary insolvent,
filed his schedule yesterday. His total
debts are $77.514 "43. apportioned as follows;
Pacific Vinegar ana Pickle Works, $20.
909 02; Bank of British Columbia. J23.S4S 57;
Daniel Meyer, $10596 59; San Francisco Na
tional Bank. $4842 39; '. Sidney- M. Smith,
$16,200, and Ethel S. Lansdale of. Edin
burgh, $1213.
TWO INSOLVENTS FILE
SCHEDULES OF DEBTS
Bame -owner with. Wagner - Brothers (con
tractors), , architect same— Filling, staining,
priming, painting, polishing and finishing for
same on same; $2C00.
• Same owner with C. Chisholm (contractor),
architect tame — Carpenter and cabinet work,
interior finish, tiling, hearths and fireplace lin
ings for.sarne'on same; $18,400.
. Same owner -¦¦ with William P. Wilson (con
tractor), architect same — Piping, and finishing
of plumbing contract for same on same; $5C00.
Thomas Keed (owner) with W. R. .Kenny
(contractor), architects Rousaeau ¦& Son — AJ1
work for a 1% story and basement frame cot
tag* on E line of Harrison street, 156 S of
Twentieth. S 26 by E 100. Mission block 142;
Sigmund Stern (owner) w^lth George Goodman
(contractor), architect Richard H. Hunt—Ex
cavation, concrete, cribbing, filling; brick and
stone work for a two-story attic and basement
frame residence on NE corner of Pacific and
Octavla streets, N »3!:7H by E 70; $S000. "
Same owners with Thomas H. Day's Sons
(contractors), architect same— Carpenter, wood,
stair and office work for same on same; $S277.
Same owners with "Western Iron "Works (con
tractor), architect Bame— Wrought Iron work,
deadlights, fire escapes, eta, for same on same;
1*£R9 '¦¦^3S8s£?!£3iaf ! ¦ "' ' * ¦ ' ' • - * -¦•¦-'-
Saint owners with Owen E. St Charles A.
Brady (contractors), architect same — Brick,
granite, stone and terra cotta work for same
on same;" $10,295. ' ,
John W. Allyne and William H. Whltft (own
ers) with Maurice Keatinge (contractor), archi
tect Charles Oeddes— Concrete and artificial
stone work for a three-story and basement
building on S line of Mission street. 3S2:4 E of
Second, E 35:6. S SO, W 7, 8 80, W 63:4, N 80,
E 34:10. N 80; J4125.
Bame owners with Vulcan Iron Works (con
tractor), architect name— Castlron work for
same on same ; $3200. , . ¦¦
Sister Dominica DIehl (owner) with Robert
Trost (contractor), architect Brother Adrlen—
All work except plumbing, gasflttlng, tiling,
finishing hardware, electrical and bell work for
a four-etory hospital building and conectlng
laundry bulldlns on lots 1 to 11. 17 to 23, Park
Hill Homestead Association; $19,861.
Builders' Contracts.
W S Melich, Pasadena
C H Koeder, Madera h
V Jackson & w. Pueblo
B E Sweitzer. Minn
D. Harper. Alaska
W S Green. Colusa
Dr L P Clark, Stocktn
F Crowley & w, Stokni
G M Westcott, Concrd
B Hunt. Vancouver
J B Scharf, Md
F Moore, San Jose
W S Porter, Oakland
R A Brownlee & w.Cal
Miss C Reed. Napa
B Dannenbaum, Vallej
Mrs T B Dorsey, Cal
N Nelson, Denver
N H Falk, Arcata
W J Nelson, N Y
TV H Hammond, Cal
A T WUhon. Vlsalia
B R Miller & w, Mo
A J Bledsoe, Ukiah
Mrs M A Milliard, L A
Mrs W E Bailey. L A
J McNaughton Jr, Ariz
J A Wood. Denver .
II K Stahl, San Jose
W T Hunt, Grafton
F A Sieka, Sactcr
A Jereslans, Sn Dleg-o
F -W Duncan, Ls Ang
C O Cushman. Chicago
A W Maltby & w.Masa
Mrs«McCormick, Cal
E C Creller, Gr. Valley
Mrs M Cummins.Mont
Miss M Slemons, Butte
Mrs C N Nelson, Sacto
Miss O Kelly, Napa
Dr N Green, Watsonvl
R Harkinson. Antloch
R G Dean, Brentwood
J H Read, Cal
Dr J D Dameson, Cil
G A Buell, Stockton
F J p'arren, Stockton.
J C Lewis. Stockton
Miss Griswold, S Jose
G A Ware, Williams
A W Kimball. Cal
O W Stead, Phila
C C Crystal, Vacavill*
J W Forgens, Sta Cru*
F- W Hawken. Mo
J C Breckinne. U 8 N
Capt O F Bolls, Menlo
PALACE HOTEL
R H Herrsy, Los Ang
S M Nave, St Joseph
G R Beal, New York
G C Seward, Stanford
T Linen, New York
E C Klauber. Chicago
C W Thomas. Utah
J E Kaulsay. N Y
E H Cox. Madera
¦W* H Fuller. Lob Ang
H H Sinclair, Redlds
O C Mead, Ky
H M Andrews, Chlcag
P H Jackson. Los Ang
Mrs B A Barney. Cal
Mrs \V H Stanley. Cal
II Finnie & w, Tenn .
H Smith & w, N Y
MIes Cangrew, N Y
F W Kemling, S Jose
J McClintock & w. Pa
H T Bristow. N Y
F ~\X Schneller & w, III
Mrs E Barren, Cal .
W M McLantry, L An
W F Banroy. Wash
Mrs L Klippel. Omaha
G Forgan, Chicago
B Lawson, N Y
Mrs Q Harvey. Gait
Miss Harvey. Gait
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
The O. and O. steamship Doric arrived
in port from Hongkong, Yokohama and
Honolulu after midnight. She made a
fairly fast passage over and will" prob
ably dock to-day. >. ,
Steamer Doric Enters Port.
Mrs. Sarah Terry, white haired and
wrinkled and bowed by the weight of
seventy-six well-spent years, la anxiously
waiting for Attorney Chretien to return
to her $6500 which she says she let him
have "to put out at a good inlerest/' for
her. Mrs. Terry has been waiting a long
time for the money and yesterday for a
brief moment thought she as good as had
it, when she got a note from Chretien
asking her to call at his office, as he
wanted to square up. ] Chretien's- fashion
of "squaring up" was a bit of valued ad
vice to the effect that Mrs. Terry tell no
one of their little business transaction
and the Chretien promise to pay up very
shortly.
Mrs. Terry is a widow and Resides with
her son at 1121 Greenwich «treet. She met
Chretien shortly after the death of her
husband, which occurred In October, lbyo.
He was attending : to some' probate mat
ters for her, and by reason ot that perfect
confidence that must exist between client
and attorney Mrs. Terry told Chretien she
had some $&u00 In bank. Once the attorney
learned of the financial standing ot his
client he became extremely friendly to
ward her and visited the humble little
Greenwich-street home many times just
to pass a social quarter of an hour and
to offer, Incidentally, business advice. C
"He told me 1 was foolish to .leave my
money in bank," Mrs. Terry artlessly ex
plained. "Banked money, he said, brought
so very little interest, and he advised tnat
I lend my money out at S per cent, of
course getting good security for it."
Naturally Mrs. Terry fell in with Chre
tien's big money interest scheme, and
when the attorney came to her on the
Sth of August, '91, and said he knew some
one who wanted $200 on good security
and was willing to give .8 per cent per
month the old lady readily let her legal
adviser have it. The first $200 was so very
easy that Chretien came on September 12,
1S91, for $200 more on the same conditions.
Mrs. Terry said she thought the money
lending scheme was a splendid specula
tion, and so evidently did Chretien, for
three days after the last loan he returned
and borrowed for another friend $S00.
, On April 13, 1S92, Mrs. Terry's diary
shows she paid over to Chretien $200; on
the Cth of May, 1SS2, $500; September 3,
1S02, $1000; January 4, 1S93, $10u0; May 4,
1^3, $000, and July 15, 1S34, $500, all of which
Chretien said he was loaning out at high
interest to people who gave good security.
"At first the interest to the money was
paid in pretty regular," said Mrs. Terry.
"Then Chretien began to skip a month,
then two, "and then. I had to start in and
•dun' him for it. It is then 1 began to get
euspicious and I sent my son to his office
to get the addresses of the people I was
supposed to have lent the money to.
Chretien told him not to worry; said he
was personally responsible for the money
and drew up a note for the whole amount,
which he (Chretien) signed. In the mean
time he had got $1500 more from me. My
friend, Miss Meley, had a lawsuit on
hand and I gave to Mr. Chretien $1000,
which he was to use in Miss Meley' s in
terest as it became necessary. This
money he said he put in bank. The other
1500 I gave him for a man I was supposed
to have loaned, at an earlier date, $S00.
For the $1300 owed me I was to receive
$1500 in ninety days. When the ninety
days expired Chretien told me the man
who owed the money had dropped dead,
but not to worry, that he would be re
sponsible for the entire loan. Last Octo
ber Chretten made me the last payment
on account, and since that date I have
not received one cent from him."
The recent frequent mentionings of the
Chretien name in the daily papers have
alarmed Mrs. Terry, and the old lady
confesses that her nights are spent in
tears and her days in anxious waiting for
that money which she fears may never
now be returned to her.
"If I don't get that money back," she
said, "I don't know what I shall do. I
own this house I live in. but there are
taxes and other expenses to be met. , Un
less Chretien returns me my money
things will go hard with me, I fear."
Seventy-Six Years Old Mrs.
Sarah Terry Wants Her
Fortune Back. •
Holds the Attorney's Note for Casli
Which She Gave Him' for the
-Purpose of Loaning at
Good Interest.
CHRETIEN HAS
ALL THE OLD
LADY'S MONEY
XJULK SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. jmSTjE 19, 1900.
13
GRAND HOTEL.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P.« DONOVAN. Msr.
FUNERAL DIHECTOns AND EMBALMERS
2» Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South »0.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER' CO,.
{TTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the i<sxlors of Carew & English, 41 Van
Veps avenue. Kindly csilt Sowers,
BROWN— In Alameda. June 16. l»00. Catherine.
beloved wife of the late Henry Brown of
ABRAHAMS— Near San Anselmo. Jane 17. 1800,
Klore-nce. youngest and dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Edward C. Abrahams, a.nd loving sitter
of Mrs. O. Rosenberg, Ester and Simon Abra-
hams. Mrs. Whitcomb anJ Mrs. Wlese of.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, a native of San
Francisco, aged 22 years and 29 days. (Albu-
quenjue papers please copy.)
C3TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thla day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr ic Co.. 11J7 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Ceroeiery.
ALLEN— In this city, June IS, 1500, Helen O.,
beloved daughter of William L. and Hattie
Allen, and sifter of William E., Harry O.,
Hattie and Ethel L. Allen, a native of Saa
Francisco, ased 3 years £ months and S days.
BLACK— In this city, June 17, 1300, Eug-ene 8.
Black, beloved son of Nellie M. Black, a na-
tive of Mendoclno, Cal., aged 23 years.
BIED.
Abra±*m«. Florence
Allen. Helen O.
Black. Eueen© S.
Brown. Catherine
i.; amis it. Frank
Clay. George P.
Corbett, Barah J.
Cowen. Edgar
Crowley. Con
Davock. Catherine L.
K&san, John W.
Espy, Willie R.
Fltzhugh. Mrs. Sarah
roley. Johanna M. •
Green, Thomas
Hayes, Annie J.
Hollman. Lydla A.
Kahn. Max
Larson. Mrs. Louis S.
Lyzwa, Simon
Methen, Jacob
Middleton, Jessie R.
Newman. Fannie L.
Pierce. David T.
Printz. Frank P.
Tuftu, Francis B.
Von Iiagen. Martin
Wldman. Ada I. v
ncTHxaa pacific coarAnr.
tr*ctna ttxraij
Train* !•*«•• nuil tare tin* »o wrrXv* at
HAS Fit 4 *«'!«( O.
t'2t»>a Li:*. Kcot o.' lUritet Street,)
UMTS — From Mat 13. 1333 — tUin
•7:0tH Beniri*. Suiraa, EUcixa, Vimli:«,
lir.j^rrj .ii.:! -¦. / iiT.r. :.. *7t43»
•T«oO» Sh j:,« Uxaress— L)afi«. W \12ulsi* (to*
- ' : Bartielt .>;-r : <J). WiUjwa. UiR*
bltiS. J*oru»>'<l *7««3»
*7i8O* Hsrtinei. Hjiii 1: i i. a, V»!!i-;j. Xi; ».
C»li»t" (fa »mi .H,tnt» Kosa *V:l9p
•S:OOa IHiis. Woodlan4, Kui^hU L»n&i2f,
Mui«i>h«. oroilUi «7t«»n
•S:«O* AU^utic t.i;,rc»a-i>;lou &nl i:\js *I1.-43|
- •*>>«•* 3an Jaaav, l.iTarnior*, ntaicktony
lone, S*cr»iM(;iit<j, Piacriilla,
MsryttCW. Cbleo, K«<1 i:iii;T.. ... # *:l3r
•4:30a O«k. !*!.-, Chines* (for Y-.ai-u.iU-).
B .:,. r» .».-•¦ r». •-•sISp
•fi:OO4 U >> mr.i .t MOra and Way Macfsasu *l !•«*¦
•ViOUi Lo» Ao»5le» £iprw» — M«rii.«*.
Tf»c/ .".••.)ir-'ii. S;ucktOQ, M-r: J
mJ t'-Hi.-i Mhflf
•3:3OA V.llrj.!. \U.'hi-i »:¦ '. \V»» Statinns ••:«-1P
•looo. Tba Oi-.--1.im.! i i • it- i-i). U-:.. Don-
Tfr. imaia <:hic««.>.. •».!."»»
•|I:»Ui N J ¦», UwfWil^ Mtucktun, 8«o»-
iu>-ir Mi-i.d-..:» IUn.Vi.1. Vi.-iiU.
PoK-rfl!ie *i:fHt
•fi.on-t Usywux!*. Nilesutd Way Stations, 'i-i^t
tl:OOr Sacnmnitii Mlw«» 3u»mon '3 «».
•:t:<»i>r IUr<uil». Silt* »»¦! Way ilteUnna. *•*•»•<
•i!i»«r M.u iii..-'. Sa» lUi: Valinjo,
N*i>«, UaTlinj*, Uftota It —x *»i]3*
MiOOr ll'.niiU. Wlaten, 8»eram«i#a,
W w .i:»u,l. KiiivliU l*uiiut
M«ry<?i.>. OtutUU •••-.(¦m
% M<Sttp Nliej. Smu Ji>Mand StuettOD *7:ISy
•3-.*WrThs Onl I.iirlti-il-Trary. rresno,
BakenSeM. Sanjus fur jj*n ta U*r-
harv !..» Asu-i-i '9i43*
•SittOp Fresno rasscnger— Hartlnet, L»'h-
rop. dtocktun. Morcoil. Beread»
(KajoiODdtor Y<»ernlt«). rn«io..M«ll»f
•StSOp Haw Jrl-ant £xprsa>— Uakeranaltl.
HattU H«i!i*r», ! < • An(sl*a, Dam<
fat. El l*«o, Nsw Vi\ rai.i »od
Kaat ••!«»*
•3iS*r Hn.ii Wk 11»uk>— AtlauUo Exptaw
for M>jai* tud Kwt # »i4*»
•Ot««F n%y vardm. Nile* aud r*a Joa» *7i-a»*
»O:OOr Vallejo M»tl»»
•OiOtir Oriental M.!l-O|Jea. Ca«r«nn«.
Omaba, Cblca«o — *11i43a
•«:4»Or Oriental Mali— Ogdaa. Daovn.
Omatia. Chicago. MU13»
r7i««p Tallejo. Vof. CoaU aad War Bta.*
UouV |tiUl
*Si«3p Oregon and Cailfornia Uxpr*u , Ba*
.. ;; iiiiila Mar)(tlll«. Il«.!.l!i:(,
¦ TorHaml. I'mti H.- t .n,.t ainl Ka«t «•»!»»
COAST IHTIHIO.1 CUrroiT (iaag«).
(Fool oi Mirktt Street.)
f7t4*A SanU Cruz Exeurtion fo» fianta
Cruz aal Frtnolpal Way Stactoaa t>'«*p
•SilSa »«warl«.C«»U»tiii».3»B Ju*», »»!ton.
Boald«rCnek,3auta Unix aa4 Way '
SUUoua , ••«»•?
t*tl3y Kewaik. Cei.t»rr!:!«, Ban Jcia, N«»
Almaiion, Fulton, Rouidsr Crs«k,
Santa Ctua aad Vrinoipal Way
,''. StaUona t ¦•»••»
•4i13p Newark, Hao Joaa. tea Oa'o» *«iA*4
•¦iilJr Clenwood. Faltoa, KanU Crai «»ta»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fr»«Sll ftilCUSO— PMt »r UuUl ttrtd (Sill l>—
•7:15 BOO U.00».M. tl:63 *J-53 13. M
•i:C3 |S:C3 *i:iir.m.
hM«iIUl>— r<«t«rirM4«iT.— *e:M 1:00 10.C3t.il.
t»:C3 '1:33 tlC3 M:33 ttC3 'tZZr.*.
coast iimsin* tnrom u.\u S t).
(ThlrJ and Towrnacmi 3U.)
t«il*a Oceau VUw. South dan Franeiaeo.. <•«*•»
t7i«0« 8an Joa* atxl Way Sutimia (N«*
A>t»*Jf. Wnlnaxlai* ouly) *li««r
r7i»»i 8on<!Uy Excursion f r 8aa Jaae,
danti Cnz. Pacific Graf* and
Principal Way Stations... J>:83»
•»iO»» Ran .I..*-. Tf«a I'liioa. HauU Cms,
Padiie Uru.o. |-»i, ll.iblea. Haa
J.ul. OUianu. «urf. Lompoo aiul
Prinoipal Wa» HUth»i»» '*:tor
•!•<«•* Saa J >»o and Way HUtloua. •«:3T*
•Ili2ii* «ai)Joa«,LosGatoa*ii<]»*a7SUtioiis •3:1"»
tai4-tp San Matro. K«Iwoo.|. Menlo Paik,
Palo Alto, bant* Clara. »»n .!•»«,
~ Trca Pinoa. Hanta Crux, SaUnaa.
iinn-etry *n\ P«cifle OroT« flOlS**
tSiSOr H*a .Iixe aiul Way Mtatlotia *?:3»r
HtlSr San JcMand Principal Way Station* *»: l"> *
t3tO«p3au Joaa. Lr>» Oatoa aud Priacljal
Way Statiooa t»:O»»
•5:3Op SanJomaad Priaelpal Way8tati<BDS ?•::{•">*
•«i:iuf SiiiJoMtii'l Way8tatioua (Kilto*
»ll:4.tp Baa Jo«gand Way StaHoDt *?:3Op
? for Moruiog P for Afternoon.
• XU'.'.j. t bnixtay •ic-rtrd. I Saoday only
* Saturday only.
• Saturday «ad flnrd^v ¦ .Sunday aad Maada*.
Chicago
Excursion |
\flex
Santa Fe Route
JUNE 2/ <™t 22,
TICKET OFFICE, 628 flirht St
CAL1F02XIA RORTBVESTOH £1. Ca
SAM FBAHCiSCQ AHD HOHTH PAG17I3
RAILWAY COMPANY. .*
XVtmr+a P.rry, V—t *f Hirttt S4.
BJLS TtULSCIBCO TO BJLif BATJLEU.
VIXH. DATS— »:*>. *«0. U:0» a. m^l tt*
• :M. »:19, «:» 9- m. T!mr»daT*-Extr» trt»
at 11:33 ow a. Batante7»-Sxtr» trips at LM
and 11:80 o. a • „ „
rU>'DAT8-«:0fl. tM. XfeM a, nvj i:«. IJ«.
*:•<>. *:SO B. m. .
BAN RAJTAEXj TO tiN TBAHCaSCO.
WEEK DAYd-4^3. TtBO. »!«. U:W •• m. 1 11:«L
1:43. I.1S p. m. BAtardAjr*— Extm trips U
1:53 and 1:1ft a m.
StTN'DATS— «:13. t:40. UT» «U M.1 »-•«. tt«W
1:06. «J5 p. m. _ , . _^__
B«tw»*n 6*a TrmneUeo sad fUtiiwt—a Twt%
wua« achadnl* m abor».
L«av« I la iEtict I ArrtTt
fca rraJicUco. [Apr. IX U0a| Un mnatmo*.
¦Week I B«a- J - 1 Bun- I W»«*
D^y*. | imr*. f Pwtlastloo.1 daj*. ) Dajr*.^
f:»ia 1:00 un Kovato. 13:« ia! t:U la
1:30 pm t:tOaa P«talssi*. «:03 pm li>:xS Uk
»:10pm »:00 pen Bant* Ro«*. 1-JS pmj « J> pai
Fulton.
(Mta ' Windsor. 193ia
He&ldjbani
Lrtton.
O«yaerrtll«b
tap pm »*> «an CloyramI*. t:» pm| *r» ytm
T:tO ami ! noplacd I ;13-C5 ia
1:10 pm| 1^0 ami and Uaiih. | T35 pal 1:20 pa
it taml ¦ 13:15 axs
I 1:00 aja Ooernerilla. 1z33 pm
t:80 pni; | «:W pta
fu'Oam 1:00 ami Bo&or&a >:13 am l:il)ia
I and
1:13 pm 8:60 pmi Olen Ellra. t:08 pm <:g> pra
7:!5 arc! <:K'»mj ' BO:«© ajn ! 10tZS am
1:10 pmj 8:j0 pm| S*bft«tcpol. | 7:SS pm| «:20 pta
8ta«re« connect at Pant a Rcsa fop STark W»«t
B;rinr> and Whlt« Suljihnr Sprints: at Fulton
tor Aitrnrta; at Lytton far Lytton Springs: at
OeyaerrtUe Tpr Ek&in Epricra: at ¦ Cloverdal»
for fh* Gry»«rs: at Htjpland for Duncaa
Sprins«. H!eWan<i Bprinw. Kelseyrtl&t. Carls-
bad Sprinn, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs : at tTk!ah for Vichy Springs. Saratov*
r-prtngs. BJue Lakes. L&urel Dell Lake. Witter
£prfnr;s. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley*s, BnckUslVa.
Sanhedrln Heights. HulMlle. Orr"« Hot
Eprlnss. Mmdoclno City. Fort Brar?. West-
port, Usal. WlUita. Laytonrille. Cuir.Tnirn.
Bell's Eprinxs. UarTla. Olsan'a. I>yer. Scotia,
and Eurek*.
Saturday ' to Monday round trio Ucieta at
reduced rate*.
On Sunday ronnd trip ticket* to all potots
bevond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket ornres. SSO Market at. Chronicle bid*,
TT C. WMI'i'IXO. R. X. RTA.V.
Qeaeral Manajsr. Oan, Pass. Ajraak,
WABASH
NIAGARA FAILS SHORT LINE
FROM
Chicago, Kansas City and St Louis
to
New York and New England Points.
* Finest tnioueb train service, witti poUia aal
coartaous emsicyes. Stcp-cff allowed at ta*
Falls. BOM C. CLLNfi. P. C. P. A«t.,
I<o> Ansalatk C*t,
C. •. C&AXX, a F. Act.
Si. Louis, M4» .
/ ¦HnHHsBMsH
MAERIAGE LICENSES.
The following nsarriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Jeremiah Lconev, 30, 56! Minna street, and
Kathryn Sullivan, J3. 1S0A Valencia st.
William A. Trefry, 26. Centerville, and. Ethel
G. Ralijh, 21, Centerville. ,.
Marcus Levy, 34, 1GG3 Scott street, and
EJatiche Brown. 19. 2200 Post street.
Joseph C. Briones. 40. Gualala, and. Frances
E. Frrntt. 35, 411 Fourth street.
George Ramsden. 33. 132 California street, and
Rosa J. Thomas, "5, 219 Day street.
Charles J. Periam, ns. S26 Filbert street, and
Ann Jones. 60. ?i8 Filbert street.
Fabian A. Callahan 2S. 40 Oak Btreet, end
Katie O'Mara. 23, 21 Page street.
Herman Schoenitld. U, city, and Etta Meg-
gee. 23, city.
Michael McCarron. 83. 419 Brannan street, and
Hiiaa C. Treanor. 2G. 205 Virginia avenue.
John IV. Shaw. 22. 2>>3 First Btreet, and Lulu
Edwards, 1?, 3206 Twenty-fourth street.
Georc* T. Booker, 27 704 Post street, and
Josephine Wells. 23. 121o Mission street.
Charles J. Steniel, 30, city, and Theresa
Haeckl, », city. • ¦¦?">¦•-
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
EOTTONIE— In th!s city. June 17. 1900a to th«
wife of Joseph Eojtonie, a daughter. J
WAFFORD— In this city. June 6, 1900. to the
wife of Henry TV afford, a son.
BORN.
MAERIED.
BARRCN-DAVIS— In this city. June 11. WOO,
by the Rev. Hyman Samuelson, Edward Bar-
ren and Hannah Davis, both of San Fran-
cisco.
DOUGLASS— BROBACK— In this city, Jun« 18,
ISflO. by the Rev. C. A. Parkin, Roy H. Doue-
la«s and Httalyn B. Broback.
KELLY— LOTTEUHOS— In thla dtr. May 28.
1400, by the Rev. T. Caraher. Robert C. ICelly
and Julia C. Lotterhos.
KIKGMAN— LOGSDON— In this city, Jun« 17.
1900, by the P*ev. J. Rowell, Charles N. King-
man of Kama Rosa and Winnie K. Logsdon
of Ban Bernardino.
NICHOLLS— KERR— In Butte. Moot.. June It,
1900. by the Rer. Father C&llahen, W. H.
Kicholls and Rose Kerr of Kan Francisco.
PERIAM— JONES-In thU city. June 18. 1900.
C. J. Periam and Mrs. Annie Jones, both of
STEVENS— BOWEN— In thU dtr. June 15. 1S00,
by the Rev. Philip Coombe, Joseph E. Stev-
ens and L/nta C. Ho wen, both .of "Bodie, Mono
County, Cml.
PROPOSALS for State Prison supplies— Bids
will be received by the State Board of Prisoa
directors at San Quentln. up to the hour
cf 10:30 a. m. of July 7, 1900, for supplying
the State Prison at Ban Quentln with coal
for the ensuing fiscal year. A certified check
eqoal to 10 per cent of the bid, payable to tha
president of the board, must accompany each
bid. Schedules and conditions to be had oa
application to the clerk.
R. M. FITZGERALD. President
3. V. ELT-IS. Clerk.
PROPOSALS for mineral oil.— 86 New Mont-
gomery Et.. San Francisco. Cal., May 16, isoo
Sealed proposals in triplicate will be received
here until 11 o'clock a. m.. June 20. isoo, and
then opened, for furnishing- and storing' hero
ijC.eCO gallons Mineral Oil. 135 degrees flash
test, in cases of two five-eallon cans each.
Preference will be fciven to articles of do-
mestic production and manufacture, conditions
of price and quality being equal (including lu
the price of foreign productions the duty
thereon) and euch perference Riven to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast to the extent of
the consumption required by the public service
there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any part
ttereof. Information and blank proposals fur-
' Dlsbcd en application. Envelopes will be en-
dorsed "Proposals for Mineral Oil," and ad-
dressed CAPTAIN OSCAR F. LOXG. Assist-
and Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot Qu&r-
i
CONTRIBUTORS |
, TO THE— — ;'
SUMMER TERM COURSES, |
• • • • 19OO • • • • »
THE CALL'S HOME STUDY p
CIRCLE SERIES. :
REV. EDWARD EVERETT HALE,
' D.D.,
Boston, t- ¦
COLONEL THOS. W.'HIGGINSON,
/"' Cambridge, Mass.
£I*IZABETH STUART PHELPS,
Boston.
F. HOPKINSON- SMITH,
New York City. . :V.'
HARRIET PRESCOTT SPOFFORD,
¦Washington, D. C. '
FRANK A. VANDERLIP,
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury.
G. STANXEY HAIX, LL.D.,
President Clark University.
PROFESSOR LEWIS E. GATES,
Harvard University.
PROFESSOR JAMES F. KEMP,
Columbia University.
ALBERT S. BOLLES, LL.D.,
Haverford College.
JESSE MACY, LL.B.,
Iowa College. \
WILLIAM J. ItOLFE, LITT. D.,
Cambridge, Mass.
O. P. AUSTIN,
Chief of the Bureau of Statistics.
a. c, Mclaughlin, ll.d.,
University of Michigan.
MARGARET AINS1EE,
Philadelphia.
PROFESSOR G. R. CARPENTER,
Columbia University.
KEV. LYMAN P. POWELL,
' Author- of American Historic Town
Series.
JAMXS A. WOODBTTBN, Ph. D.,
Indiana University.
WIUIAM BEOTJ3TOIT, M. A.,
MacMaster University, Toronto.
GEORGE M. WRONG, M. A.,
University of Toronto.
CHARLES H. SMITH, LL. D.,
Tale University.
PAUL C. FREER, Ph. D., M. D.,
University of Michigan.
ROBERT M. TOOKER, M. D.,
Chicago.
OSCAB H. ALLIS, M. D.,
Philadelphia.
WTXLIA2I HOWE DOWKES,
Art Editor "Boston Transcript."
ARTHUR HOEBER,
Art Editor' New York "Commercial
Advertiser."
s> • And others wr^osc names appear |:
« Iq connection with the programrrje \\[
5? of studies. jjj
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i • Steamers leave Broadway
SJ wharf, San Francisco:
bB%w^ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
KSKjS^i. June 15. 20. 25, 30. July 5.
ESSAijasj*. Change to company's steam-
l3STfsKi¥&3 ers at SeattIe - _ m
I ¦.V$#\Xj Val For Victoria, Vancouver. (B.
r«5$*w<r^i1 C.). Port To-.vr.send. Seattle
|>**S^^^4l Taeoma. F.verett. Anacortcs.
•*¦ and New Whateom (Wash.>—
'i :'-¦'¦• *«* n a. m.. June 15. 20. 25, 30.
July 5 and every* fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Tiy.i at Taeoma to N. P. Ry.; at
For OI Eu?eka. Humbo'idt Bay-10 (a. m., June
17 22. 27. July 2. and every- fifth day tnere-
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. Sin Simeon. Cay-
uccs Port Harford (Pan Luis OblspoV Oavlota.
' Santa Barbara.- Ventura. Huencroe, San Pedro.
East San Fpdro (Los Ar.jrele?) and Newport—
5 a m.. June 16. 20. 24. 23. July 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.. _
For Kan Diego, etcpplnjr only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los AnsrelPS and Redondo (Los Anpeles)— 11 a.
m.. June IS. 22. 26, 30, July 4. and every fourth
; day thereafter. ' ,
For Knpenada. Manrdalena Bay. San Jose del
i Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further information obtain company's
The 'company reserves the rlKht to change
j-teamers. Balling .dates and hours of sailing
w'tiiont previous notice.
TICKET OFF'^E-4 New Montgomery
ftreet (Palaco Hotel). " . •
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Oen. Ascent*.
10 Market nt.. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. GO.
DTRPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
POP.TL.AND
From Spear-street Wharf at Jl a. m.,
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth
rAnfl $B Second Clas* and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sans. ••¦••.;•; .
.-..June 22. July 1
COLUMBIA calls June 17, 27, July 7
Short line to Walla Wall*. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to b!I points East.
E, C. WARD. General Agent.
63n Market street
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
WILL DISPATCH FOR
NOME DIRECT
The elegant, fast, Al new passenger steamer.
S, S. NOME CITY,
1600 * tons register.
ABOUT JULY 1st.
Connections at ST. MICHAEL for DAWSON
and all YUKON RIVER POINTS.
For Passenger and Freight Ra«a Apply to
THE AL&SKA EXPLORATION CO..
t3Q FOST ST.
AMERICAN LINE.
mEW YORK. 80OTHAHPT0N. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
! From New York every Wednesday. 10 a.m.
St Paul ....June KISewTortt July 11 .
St. Louis July 4'Et. Paul July IS
RED STAJ* LINE.
New York °nd; Antwerp.
-From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark .. Jane 2C1Kensington July 4
Westernland ...June 27'Noordland July 11
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery street.
EMPIRE LINE,
8 S "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michaal,' May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome, St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June SO, July H, August SO. For/rate»
and other Information apnly to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.
S) Montgomery st.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON), CHERBOURG
. (PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG. .
For Salltnc. etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. ZTB'Aw'y, N. Y.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION •
Reserved If secured before departure.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. AKts.-for Pacific Coast,
401 California St.. corner Sansome.- S. F.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WTLL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 n. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG; calling .at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia etc. No cargo received on board on day
Bs'niPPON MARU...... Tuesday, July 10. 1900
SS* AMERICA MARU *
Friday, August 8. 1900
SS HONGKONG MARU..
;. -Wednesday. August 29
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
4*1 Market street, corner First. . -
•-¦•'¦ w - H - AVERY. General Agent.
OCEAJflO S. S. CO.-HONOI.irHJ, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
5 S AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only).
... -. Wednesday. June 27, I p.m.
6 g j MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
'lan'd anrt#Australla Wed. .July 11, 8 p. m.
I D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgome?)
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Ofhce.327 Market SL,
VAOHOAP H flillC HATEOB .MOO Ton«i
filVviilvV i-Iill. LffXOB .. .6300 Ton*'
I L_ ¦¦¦¦- BERAPIS .4000 Ton.
UontUiy sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg
via Mexican ports. Central. Son tti America, eta. >
B. 9. Seraphls, 4000 tons, sails about July 5 j
i, D. SPBKIttS * BROS. CO™ i*eaU, 111 Mentsowrrjr'jtJ
' T\tr ]U 7->r*l=H OIBff,»i7 Mirkrt 8L.8»» tni jtt* ]
¦C OCEAN TBAVEL.
Paclflo Coast Steamship Co.
DIRECT.
The New and Palatial Bteel Bteamshlp
Will sail from Seattle and Taeoma June XL
July 21 and August Zl. The SENATOR sail-
Ing July 21. will make anr Excursion Trip via
the inland- passage, and after landing at Nome
will continue north thro' the Behring Straits,
past East Cape on the Siberian coast, crossing
the Arctic Circle, passing into the Arctic
Ocean. Passengers are advised to inspect tha
Senator before purchasing tickets via other
rteamers. as her second-class and steerage ac-
commodations are superior to the first-class
accommodations on most of the steamer* ad-
vertised Tor Nome. The Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co. has been running It* steamers to
Alaska— winter and summer— for 25 years and
ls the. Pioneer Pacific Coast Line. For further
Information Inquire of J. FTTKOWBRIDQE.
Ocean Dock. Seattle. Wash.; N. POSTON. 24J
Washinsrtcn St.. Portland. Or.: W. PARRIS. 124
West Second St.. Los Angeles. Cal.: GOOD-
ALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts.. 10 Market
rt. TICKET OFFICE^ — I New Montgomery St..
San Francisco.
COMPAQXIE G2SEBALS TBAN3ATLAHTIIJCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of «*i!K2J>
Saturday, from November 2. 1S39, at -**s-O'
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot cf
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. June M:
L'AQUITAINE. June 2S; LA TOURAINE. July
6: LA LORRAINE. July 12. First-class to
Havre, $60 and upward; 5 per cent reduction en
round trip. Second class to Havre, J45; 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Acents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS,
Steamer "MomdceUo."
MON., Tues.. TVed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43.
a.m.; 3:15, S:30 p.m. (ex. Thurs. ntsrht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. "m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 12)8.
FARE 50c.
RATLROAD TRAVEL. |
SPECIAL
Chicago I Return.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
AND "
NORTHWESTERN LINE.
Tickets on sale June list and 2M at General
Office, 617 Market st. Sleeping Car Reservation
Charts cow open. R. R. RITCHIE,
Gea'l Agt. Pae. Coast.
IORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F«rry.
/ . Cocmenclr.g April 12, 19CH
'FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALUBT
AND SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 1:00, *S:30. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.1
11:45, »l:«, 1:15, 4:15, »5:1S, I:1J, <:*) pk m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Baa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •$:<». »9:00. «l»:00. 11:00, UiS»
a. m.: 13:45, 1.i». 1:30. •1:45. »:80. i:0& T-S
p. m.
11:00 a. m. doea not run to. Ban XUfae! Sua-
days. .,
Trains marked t*) run to Ban Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SA2* FRA>fCI3CtX
WEEK DATS— «:36. •«:*>, 7:50. S:««, «l»:li Ti.
m.; 12:30, 1:15, J:15, »l:30 4:30, 6: JO p. m.
EXTRA TRIP8 on Mondays. Wedaeslaji
and Saturdays at *S:45 and 10:20 n. m.
SUNDAYS— «:1S. •»;!». •«:«». »ll:00a. m.; WX*
m.: 1:00. 1:15. -3:30. 4:J0. »5:45. «;45. 7:10, 10:2«
Sk m. ' -
Trains marked (*) start from San Qucntlo.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANClSCa
WEEK DAYS-5:SS. «:45, 8:00, »:«. W:» »|
m.; 1J:S5. 1:45. 1:45. "IdO. 4:60. 6:» p. m.
EXTRA T*tXPS on Monday*. WedneaUara
and Saturdays at 7:19 and 10:30 p. m.
BUNDATS— « :3a, I:C5. 10:05, 11:10 a. m.;.UOl
1:29 2:30, 1:45. 4:W. 6:15. 7:05, 10:39 p. m.
• THROUGH TRAINS. '
7:«> a. m. week day*— Cazadero and way at*»
8:15* p. m. Saturdays— Caaaflero and way sta-
tions
t:15 p. m, weekdays (Saturday* *jtceptea>—
Point Reye» and way stations.
t:CO a. nx. Sundays— Caxadero and wajr sta-
tions.
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Rcyea aad way
•tAtlOCS.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3_ SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS 9:30 a. m., 1:43 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8. 9. 10, 11 a. nu, 1:30. 2:3a p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. II 40.
NEW TAVERN OP TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
V*" "^ Dr.JGIfobon's Dispensary,
$%«5*J*U *'-'"* KEAB.VY ST. Established
LI* *j*.; in IK3i tor the treatmentof Private
ff {Ajh^^f Dlseijes, L-ost Maniiornt I>ebility or •
M BK^| I disease rearing on bodyand mlndand
V km JS3§3 **•!> Diseases. The doctor cureswbeti
i?W!J&rf£«Kl" tllers * alL Try hlm - l.'hari?e» low
2>32g2«3kiii8 *'"«••*• cnara:itr«*.1. Callor.Trita
Or. 4. *"• UlBBOJl. Box 11)37, Saa FraacUca
BIDS WANTED— Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by tha Board
cf Directors of the Veterans* Home of Cali-
fornia, at K« office, room 13, 320 Sansome st.,
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY. June 23. 1900. and opened im-
mediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad
ctatlon Yountville), for six months commenc-
ing July l, 1S00. and ending December 31. 1900.
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting' bids will be furnished upon
application- by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it
ls in accordance with such schedules. ; Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-"known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount cf h!s bid, payable to C.
Mason Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any cr all bids and to order any quan-
tity over cr under the amount specifled.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
cf Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 220 Sansome St.. San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order ot the Board of Direc-
tors. . J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary-
PROPOSALS.
OAKUM) Fl'UMTlRB FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa. th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
WANTED— Read this: Want an 8-room house
in East Oakland or elsewhere; will give J1000
cash and a good property consisting cf an 8-
rocBi flat worth SCOCC. all clear. " Apply to AL-
DEN CO.. HIS Broadway.
BLOCK 64. must be sold, near 23d ave., 17th St.,
East Oakland; a rare chance tor a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT. 1112 East Six-
teenth rt.. East Oakland.
$C0 CASH. JG monthly—Chicken run cf 50x256
feet: unfinished new cottage. 2 rooms; chicken
yard; all fenced; price all told $375; more Ijind
can be hac! cheap; soil, climate and water ex-
cellent; away from cold winds and fogs: grand
view; near a 90-foct-wide boulevard and elec-
tric car line; not far from fine, 3-story school-
house; is building up fast: 4 houses already
gone up en the place; Westall Tract, adjoin-
ing East Oakland; call or send for circular.
455 Seventh St.. near Brcadway. Oakland.
HENRY Z. JONES, Owner.
Cy Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother. Aaron Kahn, 1005 California
street. Cremation at I. O. O. F. Crematory.
Please omit flowers. f
LARSON— In this city,' August 4, 1899. Mrs.
Larson, beloved wife of Louis S. Larson,
daughter of John and Ellen Desmond, and
sister of Thomas, .Michael. Janey and Mag-
gie Desmond, a native of Newcastle, New
South Wales, Australia, aged 25 years and 5
months.
LYZWA— In this city. June 17, 1900, Simon, be-
loved husband of Marie Lyzwa, and father of
Jennie and Ida Lyzwa, Mrs. L. Welnstein,
Mrs. I. Pearl and Mrs. B. Levingston, a na-
tfve of Poland, aged 64 years.
(CTFrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 815 Laguna street, between McAllister
and Fulton, and thence by train leaving Third
and Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock to New
Salem Cemetery for Interment.
METHEN'- In this city. June IS. 1900, Jacob,'
beloved husband of Sarah Methen, a. native
of Germany, aeed 59 years.
(GTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
MIDDLETON— In East Oakland, June 17, 1900,
Jecsle Rannie Middleton. beloved mother of
Jnhn- and James Middleton and Mrs. A. Camp-
bell, a native of Arbroth, Scotland, aged 62
years 4 months and ti days.
C^Funcral strictly private.
NEWMAN— In this city. June 17. 1900. Fannie
L. beloved wife of Patrick Newman, and
mother of Michael J., Fannie L. and the late
William P. Newman, a native of County
Clare. Ireland, aged 50 years.
CZFriends and acquaintances are respect-
Cully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
- of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth ctreet, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
PIERCE— In this city, June 17. 1900, David T.,
beloved husband of Elizabeth M. Pierce, and
brother of George and the late Dr. J. G.
Pierce of Yarmouth, Me., a native of Fox-
croft, Me., aged 55 years 4 months and 23
days. .
CyFriends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
fnneral parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2866 Mis-
sion street. Mission Masonic Temple. < Inter-
ment Holllster, Cal.
PRINTZ— In this city. June 16, 1W0, Frank P.
Printz, a native of Zanesville, Ohio, aged 46
years.
C7Friends.and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of N. Gray &. Co.. 641 Sacramento
street, near Kearny. Interment i Typographi-
cal Union plat. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TUFTS— In this city, Junt 18, 1900, Francis B.
Tufts, a. native of N«w York, aged 73 years.
ETTntermant private to-morrow (Wednes-
day).
VON HAGEN— In Alameda, June 17, 1900, Mar-
tin beloved husband of Llilie ron Hagen,
father of Edna von Hagen, and brother of
Mrs. H. D. Ulrichs, Mrs. A. Vagt and H. von
Hagen, a native of Brooklyn. N. Y., aged 37
years 10 months and IS days.
(C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the luneral this day
(Tuesday), at I o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. II. D. Ulrichs, 1801 San Antonio ave-
nu». corner of Union street. Alameda. Inter-
ment private. Mountain View Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
WIDMAN— In South Sa* Francisco. June IS.
l?G0. at the residence of her parents, 1620
Eleventh avenue south, of scarlet fever, Ada
Irene Wldman. dearly beloved and youngest
daughter of Herman O. and Mary Widman,
and granddaughter of Mr. and , Mrs. John
Reddy a native of San Francisco.
IH?"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday i, at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 211S Howard street, thence to St.
Charles Corromeo Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HOLLMAN— In this city. June 17. ISOO. Lydla
Alice, beloved daughter cf Henry and Mar-
Faret Hollman. and sister of Mrs. Louis E.
Woodard, a native of California, aged 20
years. ¦
• C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence.- IS03 Mission street, thence by elec-
tric funeral car from corner of Twenty-fourth
and Guerrero streets. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
KAHN— In this city, June 17, 1900. Max Kahn,
beloved father of Estelle and Sigmund Kahn.
and brother of Aaron Kahn,- a native of
Louisiana, aged 49 years.
CSTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday*, at S:30 o'cIocJt, from his late resi-
dence, 1113 Folsom street, corner of Langton.
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery-
HAYES— In this city; June 18. 1900. Annie J..
dearly beloved wife of James A. Hayes, and
dearly beloved daughter of Mrs. J. Riley, a
native of Pan Francisco, aged 32 years.
tCSTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, ISIS Powell street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
ot 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
GREEN— In this city. June 17. 1900, Thomas,
belored husband of the late Bridget Green,
and father of Daniel, Thomas, Frank, Katie
and James Green, a native of County Cavan,
Ireland, agA 67 years.. •
E3"Notice of funeral hereafter.-
ESPY— In this city, June 13, 1900, of diphtheria.
Willie Raymond, dearly beloved son of Robert
J. and Mary C. Espy, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 years 10 months and 3 days.
FITZHUGH— In this city, June 18, 1900, Mrs.
Harah Margaret Fltzhugh. wife of the late
Peregrine Fitzhugh, a native of Maryland,
aged S4 years S months and 7 days. (Balti-
more, Bakerstown and Frederick, Md., papers
please copy.) •
E^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 10 o'clock, at St. Stephen's Church,
Fulton street, between Webster and Fillmore.
Interment private. .
FOLEY— In this city, June 18, 1S00. Johanna^M..
beloved wife of Thomas Foley, mother of
Annie and Thomas J. Foley, Sister Mary
Regia and Mrs. John Stites. and* sister, of
Herman Brethauer, a native of Melnzholzert,
Brunswich. Germany, aged 58 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, SSI 1 * Harrison street*. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. „ •.
EAGAN— In this city, June 18, 1900, at his resi-
dence. 1603 Golden Gate avenue. John-W., be-
loved husband of Catherine Eagan, and father
of Edward J. t Thomas F\ and John ,W. Eagan
Jr. and Mrs. Joey L. Cobb, a native of Ire :
land, aet-d 60 years.
C7NoUce of funeral hereafter.
COWEN— In this city, June IS, 1900, Edgar, be-
loved son of Jacob and Catharine Cowen. and
¦ brother of Mrs. F. Rich. Walter and Nellie
Cowea and Mrs. T. K. Parker, a native of
Illinois, aged 30 years 4 months and 11 days.
A member of the Ironmclders' Union No. 164.
(Seattle papers please copy.)
CJTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully-invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery-
CROWLEY— In the City and County Hospital.
June 17, 1900. Con Crowley, a native of Ire-
land, aced 61 years.
DAVOCK-In this city. June 17, ISOO, Catherine
Lucille, beloved daughter of Michael F. and
Nellie Davock. and Eister of Mary Serene
Davock, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years and 5 months.
B~yRemains at funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass, S17 Mission street, till 7 a. m. this
day (Tuesday. Interment Rockwell Ceme-
tery, Suisun,' Solano County, Cal. Friends
desiring to attend the funeral will take boat
leaving foot of Market street at 8 a. m. this
day (Tuesday), for Suisun.
CAMISA— In this cKy, June 19, 1900. Frank,
beloved son of LouiB and Flora Camlsa. and
brother of Loenite and Harry Camisa, a na-
tive cf San Francisco, aged 2 years.
CLAY— On board the transport Grant, May 19,
1S00. George P. Clay, beloved son of Mrs. B.
A. Clay, formerly of Fresno, Cal., and brother
. of William and Allen Clay and Mrs. R. Good,
a native of Merced, Cal., aged 20 years and 9
months. A member of Company M, Forty-
third Regiment, TJ. S. A. (Fresno and Merced
papers please copy.)
(CTFriends are respectfully Invited to- at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock, at the Presidio.
CORBETT-In this city. June 18, ISOO, at her
residence. 1014 Lombard street, Sarah J. Cor-
bett. wife of John Corbett. a native of Ohio,
age<l 63 years and 28 days.
Green Valley. Solano County, Cal., and sister
of F. Ludemann of San Francisco, Mrs?. ElUse
Simon of Sonoma and John J. Ludemann of
Hamburg, Germany, a native of Lueneburg,
province of Hanover, Germany, aged Ca years
a months and 3 days.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CEART, PIS — Housekeeping suite; nun all dav- '
also tourists accommodated. " "
CROYI2, CIS— To let; a first nocr of 4 rooms, ' ;
nicely furnished fur housekeeping.
HARRISON. S<£— Furnished rooms for trause-
. keeping; also gingle rooms.
MARKET. 16T)S— Large sunny alcove and kltch-
cn, UQ: bedroom and kitchen. $7: furnished. .
MISSION. MS— Nice front room, vrith Tolding
bed and kitchen: complete for housekeeping.
ISO6S, 12. off Howard, rear Seventh— I rooms,
furnished, complete for housekeeping.
OAK. 119—1 Sunny front room furnished for
housekepici;: ii: basement room, Eime, $4.
KACRAMEXTO. K-H. bet. Hyde and Larkin—
Larg", rutikv. front tiay-triadew room en eec-
end flocr; efrgtwtly furnished ; modern.
SIXTH, 4^0— 2 front bay-window housekeeping
guiles, dc'Jble and sinsle r • rr.s; bath.
BOT7TH PARK, ISt— Two tunny front rooms.
Titceiy turr.ifhed for h.ouEekceping.
6UTTr:n. &23— Klerant euites; eunny rooms i jr
CeEtlrmen ; alto other rooms.
TWENTY-THIP.D. 3?:c. near Dolcres— 3 sunny
bay-uindow roomi; nice, neat, complete.
A BBAKCH office for CaM advertisements anJ
Fubtcriptions baa been tstafcllshed at 1OSS Va-
lencia ft
KOOMS TO LET — Furn. and Cnfurn.
A— URL'NsTiVICK 1IOUSE. US Sixth— Rooms
Sc to II per cieht, $1 25 to J5 per week, aad
Sight ho-j£tke«?p;r.K; cpen all nJght.
AN ei^gant sunny suite for gentlemen: $35
Address box JS19. Call office.
EARTLETT. 1C2, near — Sunny front alcove
rocm. with board; hut and cold water.
DUB2JETX 1C6 Markf-t et. (old No. 1304)— Fur-
r.!fh nr.t.. suites, single; also unfurnished. .
CALIFORNIA. F4S— Nlctly furnished rooms at
reasonable rat«s.
POL80K, &C5, cor. Cth (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
Elfched «ur.ay roonas. felcgle or gultea; reasonbl.
FOURTH, :n£Mr— Nicely furnished bay-window
and finale roorni; moderate ; quiet.
GEARY. 405 (TheNavarre)-Elegantly turnlthed
rooms; suites cr single; travelers acco' dated.
GEARY, 643 — Kror.t alcove room; pleasant; rent
reasonable; private.
GEARY. S1S4 (Saratoga Court)— Sunny room,
newly furn; large closet; $4; German family.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 717— Nicely furnished
frcr.t rocia; bath; gentleman; private; reas.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
t.r.i Slission ets. — Sunny rooms, en Eulte cr
tingle; ladleg* parlcr; reading room; elevator.
HAN" COCK HOUSE. Tfl Mission St.— Select fam-
lly rooming house; $1 £0 to $6 per week.
HARRISON. TS«H. nr. Fourth— Finely furnished
sunny rooms; batli; ell conveniences ; home-
like; SI -week us.
HOTEL Franclso— Elecant EOrtes; single; tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk end Taylor.
HOWARD, SJ3, cor. Cth— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms reasonable; by day, week or month.
MINNA. CC7. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room. II per week; transient.
SJISEION, STS — Rooms, single cr ea suite; also
ho-sekeeping.
KOB Hs:i— To let. 1 nicely furnished rocms;
moderate terms: private family. Apply at i2Z
California tt.. below PoweJl.
OAK, 3*5— Large front room; nicely furnished;
gas; bath: private family; cheap.-
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Gean— Sunny furnished
bay-window; gzm burners; 1 or 2; J10.
OTARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms . and
c'Eces; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
PARTLY furnished ccttacre on Ocean boule-
vard, nr. Ftreet cars; IIZ. Inquire E1SB Taylor.
POWELL. Ill— Lipht, clean rms., suites cr sin-
gle: transient; running water; rates reduced.
ROOM suitable for two gentlemen; gas and
bath: SS. 110*~ aicAIllster yt.
IiO?EDALE Hous*. SIS and Z21 Ellis St.— Rooms,
r.ight. :5c to tl: week, $1 S5 to U: open night.
KOYAL HOUSE. 1M El;!» St.— Incandescent
lifrht. reE"iir.g room, smoking rooTn and ladies"
}>arlcr: roorr.s. per night. 3Gc to Jl &0: week S2
jo IS; month fS to $20; elevator en office floor,
room* with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment Hcuse. B EiRhth ES_,
near Market— Furnished and unfurr.ished.
EHERW >i iD i lace. 6— Laundry office aad 2 or
3 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
TENTH. Z.TZ — Neatlv furnished rooms on.rea.-
gQnabie terms.
, THE OAKS, 11* Third— A pood rooming house
for good pecple. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
THIRTEENTH. 127% above Guerrero — Larpe '
furn. room for lady: call b*-t. 4 and T p. m. !
TUKK, tSt — Furnished room, suitable for gen-
tleman; £> per month.
TURK, Z:5 — Nicely furnished bay-window room;
bath: rent reasonable.
TWO runny furnished rooms. SS and JS per
month. Aiarefs IPS* Golden Gate ave.
VALENCIA. S 1 " 1 ? — Furnished funny rooms, suit-
able for one cr two; private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received st Call branch cfSce. 2100 Fillmore ft.
A BRANCH ofHce for CaJl advertisements and
eubscrittions has been established at 1C95 Ya-
lescia et. . ¦
CHEAPEST and beit Sn America— The Weekly
Cail IS pases, eent to acy address Jn the
Cnited States cr Canada .->ne year for SI.
pr.ftgge pa'd.
ROOMS AMJ BOARD.
CALIFORNIA, tn— An excellent opportunity to
t*eure particularly desirable accora. at mod-
est ratee; ipeclal rates families; sunny rms..
en eulte or single: best table in Kan FranclteJ.
MARKET, ICMSA (Hotel Robinson) — Fum. rms.,
with Cret -class board: double, $10 wk. ; slnele.
CS inc.; modem: elevator; table board, $4 wk.;
meals. 3£c. MRS. M. C. RODINSON. Prop.
THE BRADBURY. 1604 California— New modern
fainilv hotel; excellent table; 100 beautlfu:iy
furnished rooms; moderate; phone Hyde 277L
TWENTY-SIXTH. ZZ". near Mission— Nicely
furnished eunny rooms, with cr without
board, at very reasonable crioes.
LAS PALMAS, lt& Market Et.— Suite of 2 or I
rm«.; private; bath; s!a. rms.; board optional.
PIVE Ti3— fiaccy rooms with board: reason-
¦ble.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chichester'i English Penn>-royal Fl!!«
ar« the bert; safe, reliable: take no other;
rend <c etatnr* for rarticulars. "•liellef for
Ladies." in letter by return mail: at drug-
pleti,. Ct-.'.chester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BOOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., '319 Third.
BAD tenant* ejected for I«: collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Mectgcmery ft., rocms 9-!C: tel. Er.SO.
SCU1KC MACHINES A>D SUPPLIES.
AIAj kladi bought, eold and repairing guaran^
teed. Cha«. Plainbeck. 181S Mlsalon. nr. 15th.
RFNTET>. repaired, bought. *old: machine sup-
plies. Etangard Agency. 145 »th: phone M.lct 45.
ALL klndt b?>ught. sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lewert rates. 2*5 Fourth et.
STAIILES TO LET.
£ . .
tS STALLS, cheap: suitable for expr«»«or milk
<5erirt; this mrnJh"* rer.t free.- 2C30 Mission «t.
STOUAGE A.\O WAREHOUSES.
VITLFON BROS., etorajre and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phore South 7C1
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 712 Mission *t.,
tel. Main 1S49— Packing, moving and storage.
PirRCE-Rfll-OLPH Etorape and Moving: Ct>.
Oifice 4C1 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main E713.
PACIFIC Btonsa and Furniture Moving Com-
8 r«rv. iSStf Fillrrfnre rt.: phone Jackson Wl.
SUBLRBA.N KESOKTS.
EAL r SALrTa-Ccttage to let; suit tachelom or
email family. Box 2S75. Call office.
GREAT^BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
rei! better machines for less money than any
fcouee In the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
i - » , v, p. »- 1 » r- 7. ' fi * "fj ' • * " rn * a . tcipphonc M 3.1 o 2&A.
UI \ IIJi;\U NOTICES.
JjIVIDEND notlc<> — San Francisco Eavlng-s
Union £-*S CaJiicmla et.. corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the 30th of June.
1900, a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of three and six-tenths (3 6-10) per
cett on term deposits and three <!) per cent
on ordinary oVpnKlts. free of taxes, payable
«£ and alter MOXDAT. July 2. ISOO.
w . LOVELL \VHITE. Cashier.
TiTVIDFVD notice — The Gorman Savings and
I Loan Society. K« California' rt. -For the half
,..,„ ending with June 30. U0Q. a dirtdend has
be*n declared at the rate of three and one-
*t*it r2'»> rer cer.t per annum or. all deposits.
?«i cf 'tate*. parable on and after MONDAY.
Ju?y 2, 5^ ' G£0 - TOURNY. Secreury.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. JO (25 cents
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure; bargains; one-fifth cash; bal-
ance in 1, 2. 3 or 4 years. Alameda. Saving's
Bank. ,T-~y
Jliro WILL feuird modern house of 6 rooms and
bath, with lot 33x100 (one on!y>: $300 each, J29
Per month. J. H. YOUNG, Builder. 12« Park.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
J35EO— MODERN new house of 8 rooms, bath,
reception hall and basement; 50- foot lot. Call
at noon and Eee owner. 1243 Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
IIBRKEIiEV REAL ESTATE.
VERT ch !re?t r>irt of B n rk?ley; elegant new
9-roctn home: sunny ?•xpesure; up to date in
all deUiiB. Inoulre M. L. WURTS, ¦ Seven-
teenth and Brcadway. Oakland.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.After the service the happy couple went
In a carriage to the residence of the
bride's ¦ father, where a wedding supper
was served and a reception held. About
fifty guests, friends of the young couple,
were present. On the day following Mr.
and Mrs. Patton departed for Napa Soda
Springs, where they will spend their
honeymoon. J. N. Patton, the father of
the groom, has since been removed to
Alameda. His condition Is still serious.
son's marriage. The details were arrang
ed, a license secured and the ceremony
was performed at the bedside of the
stricken parent. Rev. Dr. Thomas of
ficiated. None but Immediate relatives
were present.
Q _^_*v_»_^ _?_ ,£, _4-_ <t> _?_ $, _?_ <J> _?_$, _*_ Q
Frederic Koerdel of Mexico,
Nervously AfFlicted, Com
mitted Suicide.
SHOT HIMSELF IN
ANOTHER'S ROOM
At a meeting of local union No. 21C of
the National Boot /and , Shoe Workers*.
Union," ; held ; last - night, resolutions were
passed pledging -¦? support by purchasing
power ; to •; all sister -unions.' It was also
resolved to boycott prison and non-union
made products. President Schonau K pre
sided. »|»rMuWigg]iMaw^Kap|^g»-a
Shoemakers Indorse Unions.
. J.M. Chase has brought suit against the
Auditor -and the /Treasurer to enjoin them
from paying the < balance due* on the con
tract I of Bateman • 3rothers for 'the Hall
pfJustice. 'There Is: still due on the coni
tracv over $70,000. and ¦: this :. the p'alntlft
would have hold for the benefix of the city
on the f ground tha t the contractors have
already received as much as their work
¦ ¦ ' • '" . ¦ ... . * m »
Would Pay No More to > Batemans.
Oscar Myers, residing at ill38| Sutter
street and formerly driver of iflre; engine
3. was fatally injured last' night. Myers
went home Intoxicated, and , missing e his
footing on the stairway fell to Uhe,; floor
below. His skull was fractured. The sur
geons at the Receiving. Hospital entertain
no hope of his recovery. •
Former Fireman's Fatal Fall.
Superintendent Cox of the city deliv
ery department of the San Francisco post
offlce announced yesterday that on July
1 the free letter delivery service will be
extended so as to take in . the Visitation
Valley and Car Town and other settle
ments on the Ocean "Boulevard. There Is
free delivery now for all settlements in
the city from the bay to the ocean and
from the Presidio to the San . Mateo
County line. ,
Extension of the Free Delivery.
Reliable, prompt, ' : trustworthy, anxious for
your success. Mysell-Rolllns, 22 Clay, Printers.*
On all the Pullman cars Jesse Moore "AA"
whiskey 'la .to.be had.
,' W.' J." Cuthbertson,'. _65, Market: street,
was ' riding, a 1 bicycle ' yesterday and at
Ninth- and -Market streets the sprocket
broke and" ho* was thrown; to the ground.
He. was taken In a semi-conscious condi
tion to the r Receiving Hospital, : where it
was founds that he was suffering from a
s'ight concussion of the brain and bruises
e:i:hls cheek and forehead. :
W. ; J. Cuthbertson Injured.
Fred Meyer has brought suit against M.
Salomon & Co. for the return. of $1800 he
paid the defendants upon some bonds
which he now declares are not worth more
than the paper upon which they are writ
ten These are: Royal Italian Red Cross
bonds Holland White Cross bonds. Royal
Servian Government bonds and Hungarian
Jo Sziv bonds. ¦
Disliked His Bonds.
Round-trip transfer tickets on sale at
any of ouroffices.. One trunk (round trip),
60 cents. Morton Special Delivery, 40S
Taylor -street,' 65U. Market street, OuklanU
lerry depot... . .» V ¦ . *
Notice to Passengers.
G. W. Rose, State organizer of the Ger
man. Painters and Decorators, last night
Installed the' following named officers of
Local Branch 136. P. and D. of America:
President. W. T.Wolif; vice president, C.
Schanning; recording - secretary, F. K.
Burkhardt: treasurer, N. Anderson; trus
tees, Thomas Gaur, K. Westphal and C.
Lasslg. A meeting- will be held every
Monday evening at 117 Turk street.
Installation of Officers.
WillGo to Cripple Creek to Fight
- Fred Bogan on
< July 3.
Jimmy Lawler, the San' Francisco light
weight, yesterday deposited a check with
W. J.' Martin, The Call's business man
ager, as a side bet that he can defeat
"Kid" Parker of Colorado at '135 pounds.
Lawler fought the Denver pugilist twenty
rounds of the florccst fighting seen iri
Colorado. •> ¦
Lawler received an ofter yesterday i from
Fred Bogan; manager " of" the Cripple
Creek Athletic Club, to fight Jimmy Mur
ry on the 3d of July. As Bogan expressed
his willingness to allow Lawler trans
portation and made other > liberal induce
ments, the local man lias sent his accept
ance. He will leave for the battle ground
as soon as arrangements are completed. '
The San Francisco Athletic CJub will
hold its regular monthly fistic exhibition
at its gymnasium on Sixth street on the
28th Inst. The following amateurs will
contest for trophies: George Flnnlgan vs.
Joe Hill at 105 pounds; Pat Dugan vs.
Jack Hart at 115 pounds; T. Sullivan vs.
J. O'Leary' at 115 pounds; -Ed King;. vs*.
Jack Spooner at 120 pounds; Jack Harrl
gan vs. Frank Wall at * 128 pounds; N.
Baclgalupl vs. J. Braldy at 129 pounds; J.
Phipps vs. Gus Salisbury at 140- pounds,
and Frank Nichols". vs.' Jack*Omln*»S'at
1C0 pounds. Alec Greggains will referee
all contests.
LAWLER WANTS ANOTHER
GO WITH "KID" PARKER
Team of Frightened Horses Cause
Considerable Damage on Mar
ket Street. , 'V..V.
A team of horses attached to a wagon
belonging to the Lytton Springs Company
ran away on Market street last evening.
After running a short distance the team
collided with a milk- wagon, hurling the
driver of the latter from his seat and al
most wrecking the vehicle. ¦ - ¦
The frantic animals then kicked them
selves free from . the soda ' water wagon
and dashed Into a large $200 show window
of the millinery store at Sixth and
Market streets, completely wrecking it.
Both horses were frightfully cut by the
broken glass and it was with considerable
difficulty that- they were prevented from
permanently injuring themselves. They
were finally subdued.
LARGF SHOW WINDOW
WRECKED BY RUNAWAY
The Grand Jury recommends that the St.
Mary's Park fund be used to bridge over de
ficits if available.
The Mayor's attorney, as well aa my own
attorney, advise me that in their opinion the
judgment of the court is sound and would be
sustained by the Supreme Court.
Furthermore, ¦ the Mayor, and the Finance
Committee of the Supervisors advise that It
would be inexpedient to appeal.
* At a, conference of Ahe Mayor and Au
ditor and Finance Committee It was
agreed that as the supplies for the pub
lic institutions must be provided and
would not be furnished by contracts or
credit it would be Inexpedient to Invite de
lay, which an appeal would necessitate.
The city officials present at the confer
ence expressed themselves as convinced
that Judge Seawell's Judgment is sound
law.
¦ Auditor Wells yesterday declined to con
sent to an appeal from Judge Seawell's
decision that St. Mary's Park fund of
$125,000 may be used to pay other claims
against the city. In a communication to
the Board of Supervisors the\ Auditor
says;. :
In answer to the' request of associate coun
sel In the suit of Patek against Wells to appeal
from Judge Seawell's decision adversely to the
St. Mary' 8 Park. fund. 'I have to say that I de
cline to do so for the following reasons:
Explains Why He Will Accept as
Final Judge Seawell's Decision
on* St. Mary's Park Fund.
AUDITOR WILL NOT
CONSENT TO AN APPEAL
Articles of incorporation of the Xorth
Plymouth Mining Company of Plymouth,
Amador county, have been filed in the
County Clerk's office. The capital stock
Is 5300.000, of which $7000 has been sub
scribed by the following directors: F. W.
Voogt. James Toman, James K. Keer.ey,
J. H. Spring, R. L. Cheney, Samuel Rosen
toeim. A. A. Frank and E. L. Wemple.
New Mining Company.
The Board cf Public Works is now tak
ing steps to enforce the ordinance pro
viding for the removal of turntables. At
the next meeting of the Board Commis
sioner Manson will Introduce a resolution
ordering the removal of the Geary street
turntable within the nest fifteen days.
It is understood that the railroad com
pany will take the matter to the court
to lest the validity of the ordinance.
To Remove Turntables.
Ladles' tailor-m&de cults. eUk skirts, fur
c»pea; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, £2« Slitter.*
The Election met last
night ; -.and -• awarded the -contracts for
printing and stationary to the Commer
cial Pullshing Company and Payot, Up
ham & Co. Voters In the Twenty-eighth,
Twenty-ninth and Thirty-second Assem
bly districts, who are anxious to serve as
election officers, were notified to appear
before the Commissioners to-night for the
purpose of testing their qualifications.
The case of John Sabin, president of the
Telephone Company, and F. W. Eaton,
the company's secretary, who are jointly
charged with violating the telephone or
dinance by Tax Collector Scott, was heard
last evening by Police Judge Fritz. Frank
Haynes represented the Tax Collector,
while Charles Sutro championed the cause
of the telephone people. After short ar
guments by the opposing counsel as to
the validity of the ordinance . Judge Fritz
took the matter under advisement.
Election Commissioners.
Charge of Violating the Telephone
Ordinance Taken Under Advise
ment b'y Judge Fritz.
SABIN AND EATON
APPEAR IN COURT
After the remains had been removed to
the Morgue Dr. Felipe Martinez called
and identified them. Koerdel was 19 years
old and came from Mazatlan, Mex., .May
31 for treatment for nervous prostration.
He boarded at the residence of .Dr. Mar
tinez, 000 Powell street, and slept in a
house on Washington street. Last Sun
day morning he attempted. suicide In the
bathroom iri the Martinez '' residence by
turning on the gas and was saved by the
doctor and his wife, who smelted the
"escaping gas and broke down the door.
Koerdel left an unmalled letter to"hl3
brother In .whlrh he spoke of his suffer*
Ings, but did not hint at any intention of
tfclf-destructlon. • .. ~;
FREDERIC KOERDEL.
FREDERIC KOERDEL committed
suicide yesterday afte.rnoon in the
Elcho Lodging-house on Market
street by shooting himself through
the left breast with a cheap revolver. »Ho
went upstairs Into the lodging-house and
finding, the door of room 18 unlocked
walked inside and locked it. Lying on the
bed and placing the pistol through the
opening in the breast of his overshirt he
pulled the trigger. Death must have been
instantaneous. When the person who
was the regular occupant of the* room
found the door locked on the inside he
notified the. manager and an entrance was
forced.
Number of New Performers Are on
the Card for Midweek Cours
ing Contests.
A fifty-six dog stake will be run off at
the Union Coursing Park to-morrow on
the arrival of the 10:15 train. Bettors will
have a hard time picking winners as there
are a number of new performers and the
entries are verj- evenly matched. Follow
ing is the result of last night's drawing:
Midweek S6-dog stake — J. .T. Edmonds' Itisky
Hill vh. P. Cronln's Lear King; Aeneld Ken
nels' Maid of Erin vs. A. L. Austin's Firm Foe;
J. Gibbons' Lady Byron vs. Cherlnl Bros.' Ma
harajah: Pasha Kennels' Rose At wood vs. W.
'C. Glasson'K Sleigh Bells; J. .I.Edmonds' Morn-
Ing Glory vs. J. O'Dowd's Shoot Over; E. M.
Kellogg' e Lady Gilmore vs. W. H. Jones' St.
Ives; NethPrcott Bros.' Tillle S vs. W, C\ Glas
son's Santonin: Pasha Kennels' May Hemp-
Etead vs. J. E. Shamble's Hot Foot; R.- E. de B.
Lopez & S^n's Wanda vs. T. J. Cronin's Wild
Tralee: T. Tierney's <names) Tea Rose vs. Bar
tels Bros.' Best Bargain; Maher & Reid's Nellie
ltawn vs. J. Hurley's Shylook Boy; Lowe &
Thompson's Over the Bonier vs. Bartels Bros."
Beer Brewer; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Sweet
r."fs vs. W. H. Jone« Annie Lawrence; P.
O'Dowd's Cascade vs. J. Hurley's O. K. Capi
tol; 1*. Cronln's Master Gordon vs. J. L. Ross'
Just Tip; A. L: Austin's Master Lawrence vs.
J. J. Edmunds' Go On: Cherlnl Bros.' Palmira
vs. Curtis Si Son's Old Glory; J. Dean's (names)
Grenada vs. P. J. Cronin'H Daisy Dale; Uartels
Bros." Best Brand vs. R. L. Taylor's (names)
Bald Head: Pasha Kennels' Rude" Awakening
vs. H. A. Deckelman'* Glon Chloe: T. J. Cro
nin's Thornhlll vs. Nethercott'E No Wonder:
D Wlndfr's (names) Nancy R vs.-Maher &
Reld'tj blngleton; J. P. Thrift's Treasure vs.
D. Crorin's SwJnnerton: Bartels Bros." Betsy
Barrow vs. Lowe'A Thompson's Scotch Reel;
Lowe & Thompson's Cora Pearl vs. W. H.
Jones' Lady Marlon; M.- London's Magneto vb.
J. Hurley' * Hurricane; K. E. de B. Lopez &
Son's Minnie Wa'Wa vs. E. M. Kellogg's Ben's
Babe; J. L. Ross' (names) Wild Ware vb. W.
H. Hoag's (names) Lady Norborne.
EVENLY MATCHED DOGS
TO RUN AT UNION PARK
Allege That They Are Not. Gamblers
and Invoke Aid of Federal
\S. :'i Courts.
And now the pool sellers and bookmak
ers have asked the United States Circuit
Court for an injunction against Chief of
Police Sullivan to restrain him from ar
resting or otherwise Interfering with their
business. The complaint was filed yester
day and is signed by Henry Schwartz,
Zick Abraras, H. E: Corbett and Daniel
J. Crowley.
They allege that they are bookmakers
and pool sellers and that their business
is not gambling and that gambling is not
involved in it; that their incomes range
from $2500 to $5000 per annum; that their
business is worth from $2000 up; that or
dinances «5 and 68, if enforced, will de«
prive them of the means of - livelihood;
that the ordinances abridge the privileges
and immunities of citizens of the United
States, depriving them of their liberty and
property without due process of law and
are in violation of section 1 of the four
teenth amendment to the constitution of
the United States.
POOL-SELLERS APPLY
FOR AN INJUNCTION
There have been strange doings In the
American Box Company, according to the
allegations in the complaint of R» P. Me
rillion, who Is suing the American Box
Company for a variety of things.
He alleges. In .the first place, that the
corporation is ruled by three of the five
directors— Thomas E. Ryan, J. W. Bar
tholomew and Henry Eulcr.
The plaintiff alleges that the company,
ruled by the three directors made defend
unts. has joined in a conspiracy with some
one in the employ of the quartermaster's
department of the army to defraud the
Government by putting in bills for more
merchandise than was rendered, and also
by raising the price of boxes and agree
ing that two of .the firms and no more
ehould secure Government contracts, the
fif^ms securing the contracts to pay to
those not bidding sufficient to compensate
them for their refusal to bid. It is al
leged that under the agreement among the
box factories the American Ilox Company
and Hobby & Wall* were- the only firms
that could secure contracts.
Another 1 allegation is that the three de
fendant directors. Ryan. Bartholomew and"
Euler. conspired to form a combination of
the box manufacturers under the name of
the Spruce Package Company, whk:h was
in fact a trust formed for the purpose of
unlawfully controlling the price and pro
duction of boxes, and into which each firm
put 5 per cent of its monthly sales. The
firms in the combine, according to the
complaint, were the American Box Com
pany, Hobbs & Wall. Pacific' Box Factory,
Greys Harbor Commercial Company and
the Clatsop Mill Company. All these were
combined under the name of the Spruce
Package Company. It is alleged in Meril
lion's complaint that the American Com
pany put in over $13,000 in payments and
dr^w a little more than $9000 in dividends.
There are further allegations of wrong
doing and shortage against Bartholomew,
and the complaint winds up with the
prayer that a receiver be appointed for the
company; that the defendant directors, a
majority of the board, be restrained from
entering Into any more combinations; that
thry be compelled to withdraw from the
Spruce Package Company, and that there
be a general accounting.
Fraud. Conspiracy and Forming of a
Trust Charged Against a
Box Factory.
MERILLION WOULD HAVE
A GENERAL SHAKING UP
The following petitions, protests and commu
nications were referred to committees:
• San Francisco Special Messenger Service, for
permission to erect and maintain overhead
wires; North Central Improvement Associa
tion, requesting: that the Hall of Justice be ac
cepted and occupied at once, and that the
various claims against the building be adjudi
cated later; Bank of California, for hearing on
the bill imposing: a license on banks; Fair
mount and Glen Park Improvement Club, for
the recession of all existing permits for grad
ing, sewering and macadamizing Arlington
utreet. from Miguel to Xatuck; Joshua Hendy
Machine .Works, for permission to lay a spur
track on Kearny street, from the Belt-Railroad
to their works at Kearny, Bay and Francisco
rtreets; citizens, members and officers of Im
provement clubs, for the- regulation of high
advertising fences: Preclta Valley Improvement
Club, against unnecessary delay In abating the
unsanitary condition of Bryant street, between
Twenty-sixth and Army; .North Central Im
provement Association, against any action in
any way preventing the occupation of the Hall
of Justice by all criminal courts previously
designated to occupy It; A. E. Brooke- Rid ley.
submitting a proposition for the Installation of
en electric lighting plant for this city, provide
Ing for the operation and maintenance: of the
same for $273. COO a year for twenty years, at
the end of which time the plant will become
the property of the city.- ; V^"' :
Referred to Committees.
The ordinance imposing a license tax
on special privileges causing encroach
ments on streets and sidewalks was in
definitely postponed.
The ordinances imposing licenses on
boats, on restaurants where liquors are
sold, on hotels, boarding-houses, caterers,
house-movers and owners of baseball
grounds were finally passed.
An ordinance granting permission to the
Real Estate and Development Company
to construct a spur track on Mississippi
street was passed to 'print.
¦ The specifications for the contracts to be
awarded for public lighting for the next
fiscal year were adopted after a long dis
cussion, which was participated in by
Reed and Brandenstein. -
The ordinance granting permission to
William F. Nolte to kill migratory birds
in the city and county limits was finally
passed.
The Auditor was authorized to appoint
fourteen extra clerks for a period of ten
days commencing June 25, 1900, at a per
diem of $3 33 1-3.
Miscellaneous Business.
Consideration of the bill Imposing a
heavy graduated license tax on banks and
similar institutions, which was passed to
print at. the last meeting, was deferred
one week. Tobin stated that the Bank of
California paid $3600 a year In license taxes
to the State, and it had filed a petition re
questing to be heard before the bill was
finally passed. The ordinance was re
committed to the Committee on Licenses
and Orders.
The ordinance imposing a license tax
on keepers of billiard and pool tables of
$6 per annum on each table maintained
was referred again to the Committee.
Comte said that certain provisions of the
ordinance would work an Injustice.
Various License Taxes Imposed.
was passed to print providing for the se
lection of this site.
was worth, and on the further ground
that their contract contains allowances
that are not warranted by the ordinanca
providing for the contract. The original
appropriation for the Hill o? Justice and
the morgue was for $300,000. The contract
of Bateman Brothers was for 1234.000. The
Batemans have been losing time and have
been asking allowances that Oo not appear
on the face of their agreement, hence tha
suit to stop the payment of the balance
of their contract.
Detectives are Making Slovr Progress
Unraveling the Mystery of
the Shooting.
The identity of the man who shot
George Mirandette on Dolores street on
Friday night is still a mystery. It ap
pears that the name of the woman with
whom Mrs. Mirandette rooms at 410 Do
lores street is not Christensen. She is the
wife of a man named Iversen, who is in
the Klondike. The man who shot Mir
andette is said to be, known as "Frenchy"
and is employed at an electrical works in
this city. Other than this Detectives Fitz
gerald and Graham, who are working on
the case, have been unable to learn any
thing.
Mrs. Mirandette claims she first met the
shooter at a ball in Scottish Hall one week
ago.
Mirandette said he knocked his wife's
escort down and the latter ran away with
out his hat. The hat was picked up by
Mlrandette's wife shortly after the shoot
ing and is now in possession of the po
lice The wounded man will be removed
to the French Hospital to-day as Mrs.
Iversen. alias Christensen. has got tired
of her share of the notoriety-
MIRANDETTE'S ASSAILANT
KNOWN AS "FRENCHY"
City Attorney Holds Street Is' Public
Thoroughfare and Should Not
Be Obstructed.-
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion with
the Board of Supervisors yesterday on
the question whether the Southern Pa
cific Railway Company had an owner
ship in fee of Sherman avenue, between
Wyoming avenue and the old San Jose
road, whereon is erected an obstructing
fence.
The city's legal adviser, in his opinion,
says that the official map shows that
Sherman avenue is &n open public street
and advises that the city remove the ob
struction immediately. Mr. Lane states
that Sherman avenue is designated upon
the Humphreys map of 1870 and the Tilton
map of 1899 as a public street, and that
the city should act upon the assumption
that these maps stare the truth.
MUNICIPALITY MAY REMOVE
. SHERMAN AVENUE FENCE
e=ji=!HE marriage of Charles Patton. con
• nected with the Pacific Mutual Life
II Insurance Company, to Miss Jessie
M. ' Cranston, daughter of R. D.
Cranston, the well-known contractor and
builder, was solemnized at the bedside of
the groom's dying father last Tuesday
evening. The union of the couple was th<?
most cherished wish of the father, who
was almost at death's door, and arrange
ments were perfected by which he wit
nessed the ceremony and pronounced a
parental benediction.
Charles Patton is the son of J. N. Pat-
ton, who until his present serious illness
was secretary of the Pacific Mutual Life
Insurance Company. Miss Cranston is
beautiful and accomplished, her home
having been with her father at 1727 Pago
street. The young couple have been en
gaged for some time, but their marriage
was not to have taken place until some
time in the future.
A short time ago the elder Patton was
seriously stricken with heart disease. He
was removal to the home of his friend.
Captain Johnson, at 1007 Dolores street,
and his life was despaired of. When he
was given the information that he could
not survive very Ions, he said his strong
est desire was that he should witness hi*?
,'UNITED IN PRESENCE OF BEDRIDDEN PARENT TO FULFILL LATTER'S ONE
DESIRE. 3/
Bulletins from Philadephia announcing
the important events of the national con
vention This week will be displayed tit j
the headquarters of the Republican State
Central Committee in the Palace Hotel.
The committee is making arrangements
for a grand ratification in this city next^
Thursday evening. It is understood that*
Senator Perkins will be chairman of the
meeting.
A conference of railroad representatives
and delegates to the Democratic National
Convention was held In Judge Magulrc's
office yesterday afternoon. The delegates
present were: James G. Maguire, M. F.
Carpey, Jasper McDonald, Charles Edel
nian. H. A. Jastro and Curtis Ilillyer.
The chairman of the delegation, Stephen
¦II. White, was obliged to leave the city j
tor Los Angeles and could not attend, j
Robert L. Stephenson of the Santa Fe. j
Fred Thompson of the Rio Grande and
E. B. McCord of the Southern Pacific rep
resent* d the railways. Interchange of
views brought out the statement that Sil
ver Republicans of Los Angeles, or some
persons claiming to speak for tnem, have
been negotiating for the use of a Pull
man sleeper to be attached to the train
on which the delegates will travel. The
fact was also disclosed that passengers
•who do net belong to the delegation have
secured rtservations on the limited train
to leave Oakland Mole at 10 a. m. June j
2>. Tliose complications seemed to vex 1
the Democrats by creating the irr.pres- I
*ion that the delegation would be cramped 1
for space. Already drawing room* have |
been reserved by Ex-Senator White, ¦
jKtncs D. Phelr.n and H. A. Jastro. It
was shown that another Pullm.in could
not be added to the train if the arrange
ment to have the Silver Republicans on
the limited vas carried out.
M. F. Tarpey suggested an adjourn
ment of ihe conference until Wednesday
afternoon to ascertain the wishes of th»
delegates who were not present yester
day.
Plans for leaving San Francisco on
June 28 were discussed. It was explained !
that delegates leaving on the 2Sth could 1
ytoi nve or fix ho-.;rs at Sait L?.ke. also
wait awhile at Colorado Springs, and still
reach Kar.sas City on the evening of
Ju'y 1.
Parlor J of the Coates House. Kansas
City, has been reserved for headquarters
of the California delegation. The dele
gates will meet again to-morrow after
noon.
Convention Hold Another Confer
ence With Bailroad Men to
Arrange for Trip.
Senator George C. Perkins
to Preside at Republican
Demonstration.
>
Delegates to Democratic National
NOMINATIONS TO
BE RATIFIED IN
MASS-MEETING
Uponthe recommenda{ion of the Board
of Health that the- most ' suitable site for
thenew City 'and County Hospital, in its
opinion: is that • portion , of the Almshouse
tract situated west of Dewey boulevard
and lying , at the southern extremities of
Eighth and Ninth avenues, an ordinance
Hospital on Almshouse Tract.
Action on the ordinance limiting the
height of advertising fences to ten feet
and to be In full force and effect on July
1, 1901, was postponed for one week on
account of incorrect advertising. The
Mayor was of the opinion that the official
paper should be called to account for the
error. He said that if the ordinance had
been finally passed it would have been
invalidated by the insufficient publication.
"Something should be done to stop
further errors in this connection," «ai<l
his Honor. "Considerable interest at
taches to this measure and I do not know
but the beneficiaries might have appealed
to the paper."
The following protest against the final
passage of the ordinance was read and
referred to the Street Committee:
We, the undersigned citizens, residents and tax
payers of the city and county of San Francisco,
desire respectfully to call the attention of your
honorable body to the f act . that ' the ordinance
limiting the height of advertising fences now
pending before you will not in our opinion ac
'complish the purpose intended If finally passed
In its present condition. The said ordinance,
according to section 7, Is to take effect on July
1, 1901. In the meantime its operation is sus
pended. The owners of twenty and thirty foot
advertising fences may, therefore, continue
during the coming year to m&Ke contracts for
the use of their fences at will. In June, 1901,
they may without violating the law enter' Into
contracts which will extend over any number of
years thereafter. In, fact, as the ordinance is
proposed to be passed Its whole intent and pur
poses may In this way be defeated as to every
advertising fence now in existence- or which
may be erected during the year.
We also respectfully call attention to the fact
that on going into effect on July 1, 1901, this
ordinance cannot Interfere with any contract
for advertising on these fences valid at the time
of execution, for they v.-lll be valid after the
ordinance becomes an effective law.
As citizens and taxpayers we are Interested
In the regulation of these advertising- fences.
We therefore respectfully protest against the
passage of any ordinance which does not make
a decided beginning in , curtailing them. ¦ No
legislation at all would be preferable to this
ordinance, because In the absence of action the
subject would be left cpen for further agitation
and ndjustment. We do not think your honor
able body should pass any ordinance which will
damage any of the blllpostlng firms now doing
business in this city, but advertising fences
should be regulated, and If It Is advisable to
extend the. time on those now In existence the
ordinance should declare In terms that no con
tract.entered Into between now and July 1, 1901.
shall be valid If extended beyond that date.
And your petitioners will ever pray.
C. D. Salfleld, president Panhandle and Ash
bury Heights Improvement Club; Joseph
Bcheerer, R. Keller, I. Schwartz, John Rafferly,
W. A. Asmussen, Philip S. Fay, Robert B.
Rusp, L.. A. Rea, It. . W. McCann, D. J.
O'Leary, Daniel Hannah, Nathan Blbo, M. F.
Taylor, Charles Alpers; Richard Wheeler. D. S.
Fitzgerald, John J. Cassldy, A. S. Lillle.
Brandensteln presented, an ordinance
limiting the height of fences^ of whatever
character, to twenty feet. The ordinance
is framed to go into effect Immediately,
and shall be rescinded "when the ordinance
limiting them to ten feet becomes -a law,
on July 1, 1201.
Brandenstein explained that as the order
limiting the height of fences to ten feet
would not go into effect until July 1, 1901,
it would be wise to have an ordinance lim
iting them to some designated height.
"This ordinance,"- he said, "is aimed at
all. fences used for other purposes as well
as advertising. It is especially designed
to prevent the maintenance of 'spite
fences,' particularly the fence on -the
Crocker; lot,, on 'Sacramento, street, which
is an eyesore to the community. We have
no ; ordinance regulating . the height of
fences at present, and I deem it advisable
to have one on the statute books."
The Mayor stated that the' board had
set Its seal of approval 6n ten-foot fences,
and the billposters had agreed to abide by
the order and remove the higher fences
as soon as it went into effect. - * ,
The order. was referred to the joint Com
mittee on Judiciary and Streets. ¦
To Limit Height of Fences.
The following resolution was adopted
without any comment:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed by
bis Honor the Mayor to draft 'amendments to
the charter of the city and county of San
Francisco for the purpose of reducing the ex
penses of administration, and to that end the
committee Is directed to make a maximum
limit beyond which Balarles cannot be raised,
and a. maximum limit beyond which the num
ber of places cannot be increased; and they are
further directed to provide a particular fund,
to be designated "The Public Improvement
Fund," which shall be devoted exclusively to
the making of public improvements as dis
tinguished from the payment of salaries, and
which said fund shall not be less than $300,000
per annum; also to report on whatever other
amendments to the charter may in their Judg
ment eeem requisite.
The following! communication was re
ceived from the Assessor:
A study of the assessment roll as made to
date enables me to assure your honorable body
that sufficient new personal property will be
assessed this year to provide for the repayment
of protested taxes amounting to about {42.000
In addition to current expenses and keep within
the |1 limit, as provided by the charter. This
would necessitate the addition of over $4,000,u00
to the estimated tax roll of $375,000,000, which
I now feel assured will be possible.
To Insure Public Improvements. ;
Repayment of Protested Taxes.
Clerks Board of Equalization*, municipal re
ports. Auditor's extra clerks, computing- ana 1
extending taxes, etc., assessment roll. Fourth
of July celebration, observance of Memorial
day, urgent necessities, license tags and blanks,
Assessor's extra deputies. Tax Collector's extra
clerks, publishing delinquent tax list, printing
transcripts on appeal. Grand. Jury expenses,
examination of public utilities, improvement
of Trocadero Gulch, providing quarters for hos
pital nurses, abstracts of title In panhandle
district, . emergency appropriation for smallpox
hospital, election expenses, appraisers of the
panhandle district and Bpeclnc appropriation
in the park fund.
An ordinance was referred to the
Finance Committee providing that the
following appropriations contained In the
.budget for th'e fiscal year 1900-1901 shall
not be limited by monthly allowances:
Not Limited by One-Twelfth Act.
The ordinance providing revenue for
municipal purposes for the next fiscal
year was passed to print by the Super
visors at yesterday's meeting. The orig
inal estimate of a- tax levy of $1.1383 on
every $100 of a total assessed valuation
of $375,000,000 was reduced by the Finance
Committee to $1,127. the difference repre
senting the rate levied outside of the $1
limit to repay some $66,000 of protested
taxes, which rate has since declared to be
illegal by the Supreme Court. It was
pointed out by The Call last week that the
charter contained no provision permitting
the' levying of a tax to repay these
moneys and the committee showed that
it felt the force of the argument by
eliminating the item from the levy. These
taxes will be repaid only after a judg
ment has.been obtained against the city.
The various funds are apportioned as fol
lows:
© General fund $ .8760 A
•A- School 1C87 .*.
X Library 0153 X
X. Interest account Park lniprove- *
X ment bonds 1374-1S75 0037
X Sinking- fund, Park Improvement
T ¦ bonds 1874-1875 0029 """
t" Interest account on bonds to be """
"?¦ issued— H •¦
-f Park bonds 0212 -"¦
4- Sewer bonds. 0008 ¦* +
¦i- School bonds 0O1D 4
41 Hospital bonds 0004 -f-
X Sinking fund for bonds to be Is- -*-
.a. ¦ sued— +
X Park bonds 0303 4.
7" Sewer bonds 0007 T
T School bonds 0003 T
X Hospital bonds 0004 T
• Total ! -..$1.1270 •
Citizens Protest Against Deferring
the Operation of the Ten-Foot
Pence Ordinance Until
Next Year.
— ¦ —
Tax rate for all purposes, SI. 127.
Illegal Apportionment Elim
inated by the Finance
Committee.
NEW TAX LEVY
FINALLY ADOPTED
BY SUPERVISORS
WERE MARRIED AT BEDSIDE
OF GROOM'S STRICKEN FATHER
THE SAN ifKAJNClSCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 19, 1900.
14
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
Established over a third of a century: has a
national reputation, and was one of the few
schools selected to represent the development
of commercial education at the Paris Exposi-
tion; over 17. COO graduates successfully apply-
ing their knowledge: 200 graduates annual!?
placed In positions; 23 teachers: open the entira
year; new 80-page catalogue free.
Hitchcock School,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Rooms. Gymnasium. Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS AUGUST 14TH,
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
MILLS COLLECE AND SEMINARY
GRANTS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS DE-
grees: seminary course accredited to the
Universities; rare opportunities offered In music,
art and elocution. Write for catalogue to MR3.
C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills College P. O.. Cal.
Thirty fifth year: fall term opens Aug. 8. 1300.
ST. MATTHEWS' Mll S.
SAN MATEO. CAL. For catalogue and Illus-
trated circular address
REV. W. A. BRE~ER. A. P.. Rector.
NAVIGATION SCHOOL
-Est. 1S77. Science of Na\Mgatlon taught, one
month, so a person can navigate a ship around
world; ladles taught tn school or privately.
CAPT.' G. VON SCHOEN. M. E. V. E. S..
L. A. C, prln., 42 Market s^
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME,
SAN JOSE. CALIFORNIA.
WILL RESUME STUDIES ON TUESDAY.
August 7. 13C0.
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
1OQC MARKET ST.— Actual business bock-
1_OO keeping: only expert accountants
and reporters as teachers. Gregg shorthand,
the easiest, fastest and most readable. Day
and evening.
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL
BOARD. ENGLISH. FRENCH. GERMAN,
music, elr^ution. art; $30 a month: excel-
lent chance for conscientious and amb tlous par-
ents to give their children best education at low !
figures. 2315 California. «t. : new term, JUiy
11th. Coach.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for young ladle*. :i:i
California St.. will reopen August 6. 1900. Ac-
credited to the Universities: -primary departm-nt
for children- carriage will call. REV. EI>
WARD B. CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
2O% off.
Good Time to l! Ur .
Come Just to look.
Brat Aisrtcaa- LnpoiUm; Tea Ca.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
no-m Gr»at AT«. (Bet. Sutler a_4 Pomti.
$ s^h'st?** tOpp - *«nw.
155 Hayes St. flS Third St.
HU Mission St. . 106 Larktn St.
M£r s i hs - <
OAKLAND STORES.
mi Broadway. y«3 jja
i 1U0 Swatb St. U&4 j _ K 6t.. AUBM4-
¦
Wheliitle &&. Retail H_sU-D«_l6ri,
Cor. Kearny and Sutter Sts.
Complete catalogues of the world-
. renowned Editions Peters', Lcipsig:
Schirrnet Library Edition, New York ;
and Augcner Edition of London.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Orders filled from the largest stock of
Standard and Popular Editions west of
Chicago.
Sheet Music
Price to All !
Bale's.
PS pf| jacket sale now on W'lfwS
tmrl , The saIe - of * acket5 at WI i &r
Pi' 1 i\ 'v:j 7. clearing prices is now. in V A 3 , ' V>)
£)WM '""swingandisaveryin-^Vft! 1 Wl)
o\jj^i$«fa terestin S event to th Psekv^| V&[C\
THfjgS ?1 %$*\ compelled to practice econ- X)*f^5 - 4 )1^;<
tB>_&» 1*^4 / om y as wel1 as to tn e peo-)\''':v^ i Sfe.'V
fn / \\ \ pie ever in position to take K-W\ Sfex?
v !&:•', "?' i*!!/ advantage of opportunity. \/'^V;h j M&Jm'
i<yr._>_ iliJJF^ jackets are divided intdYv^V.!? $[**AC
WM\ iiS (> 51.50, $2.50, $3.75, $6.75 ' fcifQ^^h^W
Jf sale of sample curtains ] }
t-% ? 129 single or M pair nottlneham curtains that have be«n used aa store /
' KM samples (no two alike); they are more or less soiled, and come In 3 and 3'j
< yard lenjrths— can be used for slnsle windows or cut ur> for sash curtaln»— /
? you can buy them to-day for. each 23c to 50c
> /
\ in the linen stock . /
\ B0" pieces "union linen" checked glass crash. 13 Inches wide 7c yard .
I millinery mention /
J$ there Is a very positive * B9_nS&fek the Idea. Is t-> _vo'.->.
* spirit of Drlce reduction R5_SS$a\n!"iS' carrying any hat over '
S prevalent in the mlllln- lnt/> next Sl?ason ar -<i at /
£ ery department, where .^KilijaiSW'l "•' __ (ams time <?lv« our ca- ,
> we place on pale all trons the advantage of
i* those beautiful trimmed the reduction when It will /
M dress hats that have _A2§£&fSaKSl3£wB_-3£_t be ot the greatest value /
. been marked $4 to |10 at ___hB____!_Ss__i t0 them . which surely Is
f Just one-half, making the r%vGi&r£&£VttJ?&%!££jlZ' r - ov ' w hll» the hats ar» /
\ range of prices \Z to *5. the prevalllns styles. /
1 . WatCh Vs %&jH th!s * t0 ~ - uMjTl<le "5 t» £
1 i wij-rljtrL\ *cA ""•¦ *-*r8i£_t' —'* tenants for rent
I WlSUOm > s^tJtZr 1 after S«Ptember 1. when |
13 It's wisdom to buy one ¦— - . Jxi? we move to our n*w
I of those handsome $20 \ u_^*" y X* bulldlnjr with all Its bu-
v <_^^ Y ' f^SSSTSJE I
corona movement. 7 jew- \* — "St^T 7 X rental J"* 8 * 111 Pr«n!»«s |
els, offered at this sale \^^cZ apply to G. H. Umbsea g
for \\\ 60 '- "^P" & Co.
in the basement - f
These are come of the Trices that make our basement salesroom popular: I
Mason Jars, quarts, dozen (Ho g
Jelly tumblers, dozen JSc %
Garden hose, 3-ply. %-lnch, per foot 7c ?
Hammocks, with spreader and pillow, each gor £
Baby carriage, hood top, nicely upholstered, brake and steel wheels $3 73
i -fw^hn rrrnnfcg^x^ t
Hale's.