KIMBERLEY, Tuesday, May 22.— About 8OO Boers have surrendered at Vry
burg (north of Kimberley and little more than half way between that, place and
Mafeking). The road is all clear from Mafeking, and all opposition in this district
is practically ended."
EIGHT HUNDRED BOERS
SURRENDER AT VRYBURG
Continued on Third Pax*.
ROBERTS BIVOUACS
AT HONING SPRUIT
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
right. 19C0, by New Yorlt UeraM Com
pany. Republication of this dispatch la
prohibited. All rights teserved In the
United States and Great Britain.]
LONDON, May 24. —The special corre
spondent of the Dally Telegraph sends
this dispatch:
"HONING SPRUIT. May 22.— We
reached Honing Spruit this forenoon.
There was no firing, the Boer scouts hav
ing retired last . night. Lord Roberts'
headquarters bivouacs here. The enemy,
who number 12.000. mostly Transvaaleps.
under command of General Botha, are
entrenched north* of. Rhenoster River.
This report Is regarded as reliable. They
have fifteen cannon and "long toms" with
them and their outposts are situated to
the south of Roodewal. The enemy's
cannon are chiefly posted to the west of
the railway. They have a wagon laager
on the east side. An action Is likely to be
fought to-morrow. _-_ •-
"BENNETT-BURLEIGH,"
CONSULAR COMMUNICATION
SUPPRESSED AT PRETORIA
LONDON, May 23.— The Lourenzo
Marques correspondent of the Times says:
"Mrs. Reitz. wife of the Transvaal State
Secretary, and her children have gone to
Europe on the Bundesrath. which la be
lieved to have taken a large quantity of
bullion and possibly several important
Boer politicians.
"Apropos to the American Insinuation
against the Briti3h censorship. I have as
certained that British subjects connected
with the mines sought to enlighten the
American- Consul regarding their position.
He referred the matter to Cape Town.
The reply was telegraphed to Pretoria,
but was never delivered. It Is notorious
that It was suppressed by the Boer au
thorities.
"A popular feeling against Presidents
Kruger and Steyn is setting In heavily.
Every newspaper article la censored, and
the" people are Indignant at discovering
what rubbish and falsehoods have been
given them."
FUTURE PLANS OF
BOER PEACE ENVOYS
WASHINGTON. May 23.-Mr. Fischer,
one of the Boer envoys, spoke freely with
a representative of the Associated Press
to-day as to their general plans for tho
future. He said that it was their purpose
to visit ten or twelve of the principal
cities of the United States and to explain
to the people whatever they might wish
to know of their cause. They came to
plead with the whole, American people for
sympathy and support
The cities which they will visit have not
yet been determined upon, and In making
their selections they will be guided by
their friends. It Is probable, however,
that they yrill eventually reach San
Francisco, stopping en route at Chicago,
Milwaukee, St. Louis and Cincinnati.
Other cities have also been mentioned.
The envoys hope to complete their tour of
the country within two months and be
ready to leave for Europe, where they
have planned to do Important work. Mr.
Fischer said that they did not contem
plate making any pet speeches, but
would give the people plain talks, the sub
jects of which would depend entirely upon
what particular phase of the great ques
tion at lseue the people desired; to be ln-
detached parties in various parts of the
Trrnsvaal.
Krusrr rarely leaves the presidency
now. but works incessantly, holding coun
cils at daybreak and during the night. It
was announced at Pretoria on Sunday
that the Government proposed removing
the British prisoners from Pretoria.
Mafoking dispatches continue to pour
into Ijondon relating to events immedi
ately preceding the relief and the entry
of the troops.- The correspondents agree
that . the Canadian artillery. Majcr En
don's seven guns, did splendid work |
Some of them assert that the Canadians
did "absolutely essential work in the
. fighting."
Had Defeated the Boers.
About 7 in the evening of the day be
| fore the relief, after Colonel Mahon and
I Colonel Piumcr had defeated the Boers
I nine miles from Mafeking, Major Karri
j Davis and nine scouts entered the town.
i The Beers were then retreating. At 4 on
j the following morning K.XX) men, including
I the Canadians, arrived. With them were
! twenty wagon loads of food, which were
j received with wild demonstrations. The
I armored train and a detachment then
pushed forward to Gametree fort, the
scene of the unsuccessful sortie i:i Decem
j ber. The Boers were pressed and the cor
! respondent, telegraphing Thursday after
! noon, closed his dispatch thus: "We
i caught up with the retreating Boers and
j have them now surrounded." ; • ' • •
Lady Sarah Wilson has managed to get
through a message from Mafeking-, dated
Thursday and announcing the entry of
the relief column. She says:
"The lighting before the relief waa very
hard. A severe struggle proceeded ¦ yes
terday (May 10) from 2 p. m. until dusk.
The Eoers were forced slowly to retreat,
contesting every inch.. At sunset they
still held the last position. Colonel Mahon
entered the town in the brilliant moon
light. The Boers were as tired out as we
were and they never guessed that an at
tempt would be made to force an entry
before morning. Therefore, their surprise
was complete. They deserted their laag
ers, leaving a lot of food, which was di
vided up among the people of Mafeking,"
Boers Depart Suddenly Upon
the Approach of Roberts,
Who Draws Near to the
Transvaal Frontier.
Cp*cial Cable to The Call ar.d New York i
Herald. Copjrifrhr. 1100. by the Ilerald !
Publishing Company.
LONDON. May 21. 4 a. m.— Again the \
Bc-rrs • have been stampeded by j
Lord Roberts' approach. The grer-t ;
Etiuid which they have paid, t hoy
would surely nialre on Rhenoster !
River has ended in hurried night. When J
X/ord Roberts arrived on the south tank j
cf the Ftream yesterday from Honing ;
Epruit he fo;:nd th« Boer fcror? had: dl?- j
appeared curing 'the night. : They had ;
prepsrtd a strong position on the north j
bank, but, as Lord Roberts remarked. ;
they did not think.it advisable to defend j
it when they heard that their rear was i
threatened by General Ian Hamilton's j
jnount«-d Infantry on the east and their '
*vestern flank was menaced by General i
French's cavalry. ' It would appear thut j
the general- dispositions of- the. British
lorce now advancing are the same as j
those that proved successful in the xrib'-e j
from Bloemfontein to Kroonstad. Ian j
Hamilton, with his mounted men, arc
operating on the right. Lord Roberts' j
main infantry divisions are following the ;
line cf the railroad in the center, and |
French with his cavalry is working on the
left. ¦:'. -
Hamilton fought an action on Sunday ,
¦with the rear guard of the Boers and the j
latter retired before him to Ileilbron, j
¦which the British commander entered ¦
without opposition. Commandant De Wet j
with about 4000 again retreated upon hi* ;
epproaefc.
Colonel Eroadwood. observing a convoy
within striking distance, proceeded after j
and captured fifteen wagons and nine J
prisoners. Of French's operations few de
tails have been received. It is known
that he crossed the Rhenoster at a point
northwest cf Honing Spruit. It is there- j
fore assumed that he encountered little j
resistance. .
There is no longer any doubt that the
passes at Laings Nek are strongly held
by the Boers, who posted there the \Vak
korstroom commando, which has been
withdrawn from the Free State.
While everybody here is eagerly wait-
Ing the next move by General Buller the
latter is resting until Lord Roberts gives
the order. The latter may prefer to wait
until he has reached' the Vaal before com
ing to a. determination regarding further
operations by the Natal army.
Nearing Transvaal Frontier.
Lord Roberts is drawing near to the
frontier of the Transvaal. His infantry j
masses are thirty-three miles north of f
Kroonstad. at the Rhenoster River. Some
thousands of cavaliy are already across J
the river.
The Boers are retiring toward the Vaal
with their heavy baggage. They are re
ported from Pretoria as already across
that river. Twelve thousand men and
four guns compose the retreating army.
Trains continue to run from Vcronniging,
at the Vaal. to Pretoria.
Foreign engineer* assert that Pretoria
Is able to stand a year's siege. Accord
ing to advices from Lourenzo Marques,
the Pretoria fortifications are described
as complete, but Johannesburg has not
yet been placed entirely in a state of de
ft-nee. The Trar.svaal Government papers
ar.d the war chest have been removed J.o
I^ydenburg. Koreiguers continue to leave
the republic. The Dutch cruiser Fries
land is at Delagoa Bay, so it is reported,
to furnish an asylum to the fleeing Hol
landers and passage to Europe. **
The Boer forces continue to dwindle.
Some of the correspondents assert that
probably only about £4,000 of the hardiest
fighters yet remain, although there aro
BOERS FLEEING BEFORE THE ADVANCE OF BRITISH TROOPS.
Details of Final Which;
Culminated in the Relief of
the Beleaguered Mafeking
Garrison.
LONDON, May 23.-The War Office
issued a. dispatch from Lord Rob
erts, under date of Honlngs Spruit,
May 22, announcing the receipt by
him of the following message from
Major General Baden-Powell:
"MAFEKING, May 17.— I am happy to
Inform you that Mafeking was success
fully relieved to-day. The northern and
southern columns joined hands on May 13
and attacked the enemy yesterday, and
after a small engagement entirely defeat
ed them with loss. The British casualties
were three killed and twenty-two
wounded.
"The relieving force marched into Mafe
king at 9 this morning and the relief and
defense forces combined and moved out
and attacked the enemy's head laager.
We shelled them out and nearly captured
Snyman and took one gun, a flag and a
largo amount of ammunition, stores, etc.
Five dead and fifteen wounded Boers were
found. The enemy appears to be retreat-
Ing in all directions, except one com
mando, which is lying low, possibly to
cover the retreat of the remainder.
"Captain MacLarcn and Corporal Mur
ray were found in the Boer hospital. They
are doing well. The townspeople and the
garrison of Mafeking are heartily grate
ful for their relief."
MAFEKING, May 18.— The whole town
is animated with a keen sense of exulta
tion over yesterday's victory, which was
complete, decisive and far-reaching. All
the outlying works of the town were In
tact; the British had lost hardly any men
and yet three bodies of Federals, right in
side the British lines, had been surround
ed, cut off and given an opportunity to
surrender. Which they had declined.
. Commandant Sarel Eloff did not realize
that his supports had been driven back,
and he informed a messenger that the
town was at his mercy. Toward noon
there was a lull In the fighting. Every
body at headquarters went to breakfast
and the commissariat commissioned for
horse sausage, bread and water for the
men on the fighting line. There was no
thought of half rations. Every one got
all he could eat.
The British In the staat, moving from
rock to rock, gradually drew in their cir
cle around tho Federals, whom they cor
raled like cattle in a compound. Shortly
after 4:30 a white flag was hoisted by the
enemy, and then, amid ringing cheers,
the first batch of Boers was disarmed and
sent to the town. The erstwhile besieg
ers furnished an inspiring spectacle to
the townsfolk, themselves so long cooped
up. As the hungry, dirty, battle-stained
Boers marched between the gleaming
bayonets of the British, the British popu
lation received them respectfully, but the
Kaffirs gave full rein to their enthusiasm
In hoots, yells and similar expressions of
delight. The prisoners seemed glad the
light was over.
As the afternoon advanced the crackle
of musketry began again, continuing un
til nearly 7 o'clock, when Captain Single
ton shouted "Coase fire!" A message had
come from headquarters to the effect that
Eloff, his officers and men had surrender
ed and had lain down their arms uncon
ditionally to Colonel Hore, who, with a
handful of men, had been a prisoner of
Elon* during most of the day.
Shortly before this a fusillade was
heard. It was Eloff and the men who
stood by him firing on their own desert
ers, eighty of whom fled. As the news
spread by telephone to the garrisons of
the various forts cheer upon cheer re
sounded. In the town some one shouted
"God save the Queen," and the strains
of the national anthem mingled for a
few minutes with the hoarse shouting of
the natives.
Soon Captain Singleton and Colonel
Hore approached, accompanied by Com
mandant ElofT and his officers. The meet
ing between Colonel Baden-Powell and
the Boer commandant was dramatic.
"This is Commandant Eloff, elr," said
Captain Singleton.
"Good evening, commandant," said Col
onel Baden-Powell. "Welcome, and have
some dinner."
As the British had already captured 120
prisoners, about, all they could handle.
Colonel Baden-Powell sent word to Lord
Chase Bentenck to open the way and to
allow the scattered remnants of the Fed
erals to be driven from the staat. In
half an hour everything was over and In
the messroom'at headquarters the three
Boer officers were dining.
Nearly every mess in town raked up
somewhere a hidden store of liquor, a hot*
tie of champagne in one place, a flask of
whisky in another. 'The whole town Join
ed In the Jubilation, singing. "God Save
the Queen" and other patriotic songs all
night long.
The rank and file of the Boer prisoners
were lodged at Masonic Hall. Most of
them are Johannesburg Boers. They
seemed in excellent spirits, scrambled for
the blankets Issued, wrote letters to their
friends and grumbled at General Sny
man.
The people have confidence In William Mc-
Klnley. No President while he was President !
had the confidence of the people to the degree
that President McKlnley has it. Other Presi
dents have been canonized after death and it
has been evidenced then that they had the
confidence of the people; but no person In office
ever escaped the criticism and innuendo that
McKlnley has escaped. The people would be
glad to leave this investigation to him. Thfy
know there would be no condonlns of fraud, no
covering up of crime. But when charges are
made simply for campaign purposes I think we
may as well make an investigation for our-
Further along Platt paid a high tribute
to General Wood, General Brooke and
others, and said no army officer has been
even charged with anything like fraud in
Cuba.
"lias the Senator had his attention di
rected to the railroad construction along
the south side of the harbor of Havana?"
inquired Tillman.
"If the Senator," retorted Platt,
warmly, "has any information as to that
railroad, I wish he would produce it."
"I did not say I had any information."
said Tillman, "but if there is an investi
gation I will produce some witnesses."
Referring to the construction of this
railroad, Platt said the names of Former
Secretary of War Alger and Senators
'Platt and Depew had beep used in connec
tion with the project, but they had en
tered vigorous denials of any connection
with It, although to his mind such denials
were unnecessary.
•'These charges simply show the reck
lessness of those people who are throwing
stones at the present administration," he
said
Bathbone Not to Be Shielded.
Platt said there would be no disposition
to protect Director Rathbone if he should
be shown to be Involved in the financial
difficulties in Cuba. If he were found to
be guilty he would be punished unspar
ingly.
Bacon, he said, demanded to know why
our Government was in Cuba, and why it
did not come away. i .->
¦•We are there." Platt answered, "be
cause, we have been sent there by the
American people; because Congress has
sent our army there to destroy the power
of Spain. "We have a duty yet to perform
there, and the American people will see to
it that it is discharged. . Our military
control of the island will cease when the
• people set up for themselves a govern-
ment for the proper control of ths
Island."
"When will that time come?" Inquired
Bacon.
"That time will be delayed long." re
torted Platt. "if a party for partisan pur
poses makes the work more difficult. The
blush of shame ought to mantle the cheek
of every man who is trying to hinder or
embarrass the operation of General Wood
In Cuba, who is seeking to brinfj about
that time as rapidly as it may be brought
about."
Spooner resumed his speech on the Fhil
ippine question.! Incidentally he referred
to the situation In Cuba and our respon
sibility there. Hale of Maine interrupt
ed him to say that In view of what had
happened in Cuta it would have been bet
ter had we abandoned it.
"Does the Senator think," inquired
Spooner. "In the case I have put we
should have abandoned Cuba?"
Should Have Abandoned Cuba.
"I think it would have been the best
thing in the world for us if we had done
It," replied Hale. "I think if It were
found that the population in Cuba was |
as hostile to U3 as it had been to Opain.
we should have abandoned and been glad
to get rid of it."
"Well," replied Spooner, "that is a mat
ter of opinion. In the case I have put
I believe we should have taken Cuba and
held it, giving to the people of Cuba what
they never had had in the world—individ
ual liberty and good government."
Hale— The Senator has more confidence than
I have in the experiment we are trying to
day of teaching the people of Cuba honesty and
gcod government. I think we would have
been better off If we had not taught the
Cubans the lesson that has been taught In
the last few months.
Spooner— V.'hat lesson?
Hale— The lesson of fraud, peculations, cheat-
Ing, appropriation of revenues, stealing, a car
nival In every direction of corruption and
fraud.
Spooner (warmly)— It Is a llttls ttrescnv? for
me to be called upon on this side of the Cham
ber to reply to a Democratic ri>?ech.
Halo— I am as good a Republican as the Sen
ator from Wisconsin. I do not recognize any
party obligations to compel me to consent to
the proposition that everything has gone right
in Cuba.
Spocncr— Nobody pretends it.
Hale— I do r.ot think th« experiment has been
a failure. I would vote to-ir.crrow to with
draw from Cuba and leave that people to e»
tablirh and set up and maintain their own
government. The time will come when Re
publicans will be glad when we get out of
this thing without worse th'.nga happening
than are now. ,
Spooner — What does th« Senator mean when
• he sreaks in general terms of h carnival of
fraud and corruption? . ' ' ¦•¦•-.
Hale— I mean the things disclosed. A bill
of particulars has been filed already. It ' is
not the administration at fault. It Is a nat
ural result. There never has been an Instance
of the setting up' of a supremo government in
a colony of dependency that has not been
attended with practically the same things that
we have seen in Cuba. The Congress Is as
much at fault. The administration has selected
men who are believed to be good men. We
went Into it with utter confidence, believing
that it was an easy thing. I voted against
the peace treaty because I telleved colonial
dependencies would result in precisely what
lias occurred. I am glad, too. I am glad
to s»e that the administration Is trying to
pvard It, but I do net want anybody to say
thit It Is an unexpected thing.
Spooner— So far as anything I said is con- )
cerned, the Senator's observations are, in the
language of Shakespeare. "A bolt of nothing
shot ¦ at nothing." We went to war to free
Cuba. Have we done Cuba and the Cuban*
no kindness by pouring out millions of our men
and shedding the blood of our soldiers, in
order to drive Spanish tyranny forever from
Cuba? Has the Senator any suspicion In his
mind or in his heart that the pledge made In
the resolution passed by Congress as to the
temporary character of our occupation in Cuba
is not to be kept?
¦ Nation's Honor Endangered.
Hale— I have very grave suspicions. I think
there are very powerful Influences in this
country, largely located in Xew York City,
largely speculative and connected with money
maklns; enterprises, that are determined that
we Khali never give up Cuba. I think that
the time will never come, unless something
earnest and drastic Is done by Congress, that
the last soldier of the United States will be
withdrawn from Cuban soil. I do not think the
President favors holding Cuba. . I discovered
very powerful influences, commercial, mercan
tile, money and political, that are opposed to
our ever withdrawing from Cuba. I take up
*.he newspapers that are foremost in the large
cities, and I find every day intimation and
hints that we are never to withdraw from
Cuba.
Spooner — If I were Inclined to doubt tor one
moment that the United States Government
will seasonably withdraw from Cuba, I should
be ashamed of the. Government acd ashamed of
its action.
Hale — That assurance from the Senator more
than repays me for all that I have said. I
shall count upon. him in the future.
Spooner— To say that the Senator will count
upon me in the future Is little less than an
Insult. This is a Government of honor, and
It Is a people of honor. "When the Senator
expresses a fear that the pledge of this Gov
ernment will be- allowed to slumber by the
voice of commercialism, he degrades the peo
ple and underestimates their Integrity. This
administration is going forward to : redeem to
its utmost the pledge to Cuba.
In reply to Spooler's defense of this
Government's action in Cuba, Tillman of
South Carolina declared that our agents!
on the island were carpet-baggers, and
the sooner they got out the better. :;'<,
"Oh," replied Spooner, "If the Senator
from South Carolina finds a carpet-bag-
WASHINGTON. May 23.— This
was a day of rasping political
controversy and oratory in the
Berate. With the controversy
those on the Democratic side
of the chamber, anomalous as it may
seem, had little to do". What by far
seeing Senators is regarded as likely to be
the paramount issue of the approaching
national campaign was the subject of two
notable speeches— one by Platt of Con
necticut and the other by Spconer of Wis
consin. The former was an answer to
the speech delivered a few days ago by
Bacon of Georgia on his resolution de
manding an investigation of linanciftl con
ditions in Cuba. Platt ' favored the adop
tion of the resolution, but deprecated
what he declared was a cheap effort to
make politicil capital out of a shameful
condition cf affairs, which the Republican,
rarty needed no prodding to induce it to
probe to the bottom.
The speech of Spooner was a continua
tion of his address of yesterday on the
Philippine question. In its course he be
carrie involved in a heated and sensational
colloquy with Hale of Maine over the
Government's conduct of affairs in our
"insular possessions." It was a remarka
ble controversy between two of tbe best
equipped debators in the Senate and v*as
listened to with profound attention by
Senators, many Representatives and
crowded galleries.
Wood Detected the Fraud.
In bringing up the Cuban frauds Platt
of Connecticut, who is chairman of the
Committee on Relations with Cuba, said:
About a month ago General Wood, the Gov
ernor General of Cuba, was led to suppose that
there had been irregularities in that portion of
the government of Cuba under the supervision
of the Director of Posts. lie immediately or
ganized an inspection, which has been un
sperinely pressed.
The Senator from Georgia (Bacon) seems to
think, as do some of the newspapers, that all
the malfeasance In office and fraud have been
brought to light not by the United States Gov
ernment offlclajs, but by outsiders. But it is
to General Wood that the credit of the discov
ery of these frauds and wrongdoings belongs,
and to the administration belongs the credit of
the problnz to the bottom of these fraud3.
The Senator 'rom Georgia has no monopoly on
the Bhame 1....1 humiliation with which every
patriotic man is affected by recent disclosures.
They are shockinE. They are a direct blow to
every true citizen of the United States. If
the wronpdolnK had occurred in Boston, New
York or Washington it would have been sad
and Ehameful. but it would not have tx-en so
.sad and shameful as It Js. since it occurred on
the island of Cuba, where the administration
Is engaged in a great work of freedom and
philanthropy.
Platt said that for Congress to interfere
with the Investigation instituted by the
Postmaster ..General • might '. defeat tho
ends of Justice, and he announced that
the department Investigation would be
thorough and searching. He then read a
letter from Postmaster General Smith to
Fourth Assistant Bristow, who is charged
with conducting the investigation. The
letter gave tho strictest instructions for
the prosecution of the Inquiry', and urged
that every guilty man be brought to jus
tice
President Will Not Waver.
Continuing Platt said:
Prosecution Put Into Possession of
Further Evidence by the War
Department.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. May 22.— Edward K.
Jones, who was appointed special assistant
United States Attorney General to prose
cute Charles F. W. Neely. to-nigh* prom
ised another sensation in the famous case
to-morrow. It Is believed important pa
pers furnished by the War Department
otHclals la Havana relating to the $400.0fO
of -surcharged" stam.w which were or
dered destroyed, but were put into circu
lation, were sent from Washington to
night and will form the basis of new
charges against Neely.
Mr. Jones was at the Federal building
the greater part of to-riay. In company
with another man ho called shortly be
fore 4 o'clock on Judge Lacombe in the
United States Circuit Court. He was lis
tening to the trial of the case, but he sus
pended long enough to hear what Mr.
Jones had to pay.
Mr. Jones had a conference with United
States District Attorney Burnett and dis
cussed with him arguments that will be
made before Governor Roosevelt to-mor
row for the extradition to Cuba of Neely.
It was decided to-day to make no at
tempt to get ball for Neely. who will re
main in Ludlow-street Jail until some de
cision Is reached In his case. John D.
Lindsay, counsel for Neely. returned to
New York from Washington to-day and
had a long conference with his client. Mr.
Lindsay will go to Oyster Bay to-morrow
to oppose extradition. The hearing In the
United Stater. Circuit Court has been
postponed until Monday.
HAVANA PRESS SENTIMENT.
Patria Declares America Should R2
imburse Cuba.
HAVANA. May 23.— The Patria. revert
ing to-day to the postal frauds, observes:
"The Washinpton Government entirely
controls the affairs of Cuba. Therefore it
is quite right that Washington should
give an account of the management of
the Cuban Postal Department to the
American and Cuban peoples. President
McKinley's attitude in deciding that the
amount stolen must be returned to the
Cuban people is an act of Justice — not
generosity."
PAPERS THAT EXPOSE
NEELY'S PECULATIONS
Provides Mean3 by Which Ncely
May B2 Returned to Cuba
for Trial.
WASHINGTON. May 23.— The Housa
to-day passM without division the ex
tradition bill framed by the Judiciary
Committee, but only after a debate in
which considerable political rancor was
aroused. There was no division of senti
ment cs to the duty of Congress to. pass
a bill to permit the extradition of Neeley.
but the Ix-mocrats objected to the lan
jruage of the bill, which covered "any
foreign country or territory, or part
thereof, occupied by the I*nit>xl States."
Thf» Democrats wanted the bill to apply
rpeciflcally to- Cuba, contending that the
broader language assumed the possibili
ties' of further a^riuisitlons by the United
States of a character similar to that of
Cuba. A motion to recommit with in
structions to change the language was
defeated by a strict party vote.
The House also adopted the resolution
to allow the Committee on Ways and
Means to sit during the rece33 of Con
gress for the purpose of framing a bill
for the reduction of th? war revenues and
the resolution for a sine die adjournment
on June 6. The Democrats insisted that
Congress should reduce the war taxes at
the present session, but Payne, the ma
jority leader, said the treasury figures
showed that the refunding of the bond*
now going on would practically wipe out
the surplus for this fiscal year. He con
tended that it would be unsafe to reduce
the taxes at this time. Richardson, mi
nority leader, announced that he was in,
favor of the total repeal of the war tax
on beer.
per In heaven when he pets there ho wlfl
prefer to go to the other place."
"I certainly will." replied Tlllman.
HOUSE PASSES THE
EXTRADITION BILL
Republican Senator Hale, Denouncing Recent Frauds, Expresses the
Fear That Wall Street Will Forever Prevent the
;;; Island's Independence.
REAPING THE BITTER FRUITS
OF IMPERIALISM IN CUBA
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII— XO. 185;
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MAY 24, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
FISCHER'S ALLEGED ADVICE
TO KRUGER TO SURRENDER ON
THE BEST TERMS OBTAINABLE
pAPE TOWN, May 23.— It is reported here that President Kruger has received a
communication from Abraham Ffschep, one of the Beer delegates now in the
United States, advising him to surrender on the best terms obtainable from Lord
Roberts. It is also understood that when Lord Roberts crosses the Vaal River
he will issue a proclamation announcing that if the burghers return to their farms
their property and stock will be respected.in mercantile life. In 1853 he went to San
Francisco, where he remained for flva
years. He accumulated wealth there.
He located in New York and for thirty
years had an office there. He visited Eu
rope, Africa and the Orient. He collect
ed records of famous places, traced an.
cient libraries and devised, ¦ founded ana
endowed Clark University.
Francisco in the fifties, died In Worcester
to-day.
J. G. Clark was born in Hubbardston,
Feb. 1. 1815. At the age of 13 he started
founder of Clark University of "Worcester.
Mass., who secured his millions In San
Made a Fortune in This City la
the Early Days of the
Pioneers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, May 23,-^-J. G. Clark, tha
MILLIONAIRE J. G. CLARK
DIES IN WORCESTER
we hear from the 2000 women who are co
laborers with us. carrying: the gospel of
temperance and purity Into the homes in
every city and hamlet in Southern Cali
fornia. Taking a larger ontloook we see
300.000 women in the United States who
are marching under the same banner
with us.
"In Australia. China, Africa. Scandina
via, Germany, English Isles and the coun
tries of Europe the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union is organized and ex
erting an untold influence for good. "When
we behold this 'aggregation* we feel our
selves indeed to be batteries of power."
Several Interesting reports were read,
and the meeting adjourned.
ing the progress 7 of the work of organizing
Mothers' clubs and were followed by discus
sions as to the best methods.
FRESNO— The executive committee of the
Merchants' Association has employed City En
gineer Manuel to make a survey for the pro
posed targe canal from this city to tide water
at Crows Landing. The cost of the work must
not exceed T700. and J42O has been obtained by
popular subscription.
STOCKTON-Senator S. C. Smith of Bakers
fleld has In preparation a bill which he will
present to the Legislature at the next session,
the object of which is to provide a. simple ana
direct method of securing good roads trTougn
out the *tate. It is a bill for the formation of
good roads districts.
SACRAMENTO— One hundred acres of wheat
on the ranch of ex-Senator J. Hershey, near Ar
buckle. Colusa County, have been destroyed
by fire A fire on the Harrington ranch, near
Bretona, Yolo County, also burned twenty-five
acres of wheat. It is believed that both fires
were caused by sparks from passing locomo
tives.
COLVMBUS O. — The Supreme Court heard
arguments in" the contempt case- brought by
former Attorney General Monnett against the
Standard OH Company of Ohio. John D. Rocke
feller and others of the corporation, alleging
non-compliance with the order Issued by the
court ordering the Standard Oil Company of
Ohio — one of the constituent companies of tha
trust— to withdraw from It and to cease recog
nition of the trustees In the management.
BOSTON— At the business meeting of the
American Unitarian Association th* foltowing
officers were elected: President, Samuel A.
Eliot. Cambridge. Mass.; vice presidents.
Joseph W Symonds, Portland, Me.; Samuel
Hoar, Concord, Mass.; Willard Bartlett. New
York; Thomas J. Morris. Baltimore; George
E. Adams. Chicago: Horace Davis. San Fran
cisco; secretary. Charles E. ft. John. Pitts
burg: assistant secretary. George W. Foy.
Boston: treasurer, Francis H. Lincoln, Hlng
fcam, Mass.
TEMPEUANCE WOBKEBS MEET.
Mary Kinney.
Annual Address Delivered by Mr3.
LOS ANGELES. May 23.— Mrs. Mary E.
Kinney. president of the State "Woman's
Christian Temperance Union, delivered
her annual address before the convention
at Temperance Temple to-day. Among
other things Mrs.^Kinney said:
"All discouragements flco away when
Destroyed .
?p»Ha! Disratrh to The Call.
OILROY. M?y 2T!.— The .town of San
Martin, seven r.iHes north of Gilroy.'had
a narrow escape from total destruction
by fire en TufHday. About noon time .i
lnrpe bay barn was discovered on fire,
and the sirens north wind soon reduced
it to a.-fc* s. A stack of loose hay "was
also Htirned The barns belonging. to R.
LansdaSe. Charles and George Mangles,
John Shields. J. Cook and Bert- Fox were
all «3ejtiroy»d. tocjfthor with field machines
and farm implements. '. .
FIRE AT SAN MARTIN.
>
A Number of Haystacks and Barns
rngol. C. M. Hubbard' rCineinnatO. Philip
\V. Mrvers. New York City: treasurer,
Alfred O. Crozk-r 'Grand Rapids, Mich.),
ofheial reporter and editor, Isabel C. Bar
rows Dorchester, Mass.
BERLIN- King Albrrt of Faxony, who is
new In Silesia, is ill and confined to hia bed.
HANFOnD— Albert Corkers', a painter, took
carbolic acid Tuesday night and died in twenty
minutes.
MILWAUKEE— Grand Chief Arthur of the
nrr>therhoo<l of Locomotive Engineers was re
elected at the convention.
NEW YORK— The differences between the
members of the theatrical syndicate, of which
Al Hayman Is the president, have been har
monized.
INDIANAPOLIS— The Gold Democrats of In
diana held an important conference to deter
mine their position in the coming national
campaign.
LONDON— Lord Morris, one of the Irish re
cipients of the Queen's birtlvlay honors, who
was created a life peer in 1SS9, has been made
a hereditary peer.
NEW ORLEANS— The National Travelers'
Protective Association's business convention
opened at the Athenium. The committee on
credentials reported 193 delegates present from
twenty-four States.
NEW YORK— The will of the late Benjamin
H. Howell, the susar merchant, disposes of. an
ostnte valued at $1,500,000, anil gives $15,000 to
Urooklyn charities.
GALIEN. O. — Fire destroyed the cratlnu de
partment of the Central Ohio Buggy Company,
the Capitol Hotel and several stores and resi
dences. Loss, $103, COO; Insurance. $70,000.
WASHINGTON— The affairs of the fiscal
agents of the Government in Cuba and Porto
Rico are undergoing a thorough Investigation
by the auditor of the War Department.
CHICAGO— A fire started In the four-story
Jackson apartment building:. Twenty-ninth
street and Calumet avenue, and "almost de
stroyed the building inside of forty-five min
utes.
NEW YORK — It would appear from dtate
ments made by certain members of the Ameri
can and Foreign Bible Society that that organi
sation is to end its existence' within a few
months.
TORONTO, Ont.— The Rev.- Dr. Alexander
Burns, late principal of Hamilton Wesleyan
College and at one time, president of the. Iowa
Wesleyan University and of Simpson College,
Iowa. Is dead.
CLEVELAND— The engine attached to the
weBtbound fast mall train on the Lake Shore
road went Into the flitch at Westfleld, N. Y..
and Engineer Reagan and Fireman William
Leiehbody were killed.
NEW YORK— The arbitration committee of
the International Foundrymen's Association of
Employers and the Iron Moldera' Union of
North America have ¦ reached a settlement of
their wage controversy.
WASHINGTON— The Secretary of the Inter
ior has eent letters of Instruction to the army
officers detailed to act as superintendents of
the Yosemite. General Grant and Sequoia Na
tional parks In California.
WASHINGTON— The anti-canteen bill was
ordered favorably reported by the House Com
mittee on Military Affairs, ..with an amend
ment which will exclude liquor from the Capi
tol and other, public buildings.
CAPE COAST CASTLE. Gold Coast— The sit
uation at Kunassie (the capital of Ashanti)
!p apparently unchanged. A detachment of 250
men of the West African frontier, Colonel
Carter commanding, was landed.
WASHINGTON— Commissioner Wilson of the
Internal Revenue Bureau has held that bank
checks issued by his clerks of the United States
Circuit Court' by direction, or authority of the
court are exempt from taxation.
NEW YORK— George H. Morse and William
A. , Cromble, formerly lumber dealers at Bur
lington, Vt.,' as Morse & Cromble. have filed
a petition in bankruptcy. Liabilities. $133,105,
of which $39,500 is partly secured.
CARSON— C. P. • Huntlneton and party have
arrived in this city. .They. will make a tour of
inspection of the Carson and Colorado Railroad,
which was lately purchased by the Southern
Pacific Company. The party consists of offi
cials of the company.'
: TIBURON— William Felt, a brakeman, while
workinr on 4he "owl", freight, fell from the
bridge of the locomotive to the ground. The
wheels of the tender passed over his left foot.
crushlng.it to a Jelly. He was, at tended to by
the railroad ~ physician. ¦
DES MOINES— At to-day's- session of the
National Congress of Mothers reports of State
regents ¦ from New York, Pennsylvania, Iowa,
Virginia. " District of Columbia, Texas, Utah,
Tennessee and Nebraska were presented regard-
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS
IN CONDENSED FORM
PHOENIX. Aria.. May 23.— The Demo
cratic Territorial Convention held here
to-day selected the following delegates to
tho Kansas City convention: . Dr. H. A.
Hughes. G. W. P. Hunt. J. M. Murphy,
B. A. Packard, T. G. Norris and G. A.
Olney. Colonel John B. Breathitt of Tuc
soi; was indorsed for National Commit
teeman. The Chicago platform was
Strongly indorsed and trusts, imperialism
and the policy of tho administration with
respect to Porto Rico was .denounced.
The convention was altogether harmon
ious. :
Arizona Democrats Meet.
T!ie entire neighborhood of men. women
am! children turned out to fight" the flames
y.ith r.rt sacks and the limited means at
hand to save their homes. Tor a time
the town seemed doomed. The, standing.
;rrah) near by was saved. The cause of
the fire is supposed to be the reckless use
of matches by children.
ties and Corrections.
TOPEKA. Kars.. May 23.— The confer
ence of Charities and Corrections to-day
elected the following officers: Preside^
John M. Gienn. Baltimore; vice presi
dents. Daniol C. Giliman (Johns Hopkins
Vniversjty*. T. J. Charlton <PIainfield.
Ina.). Michael Heyman. New Orleans
peneial secretary. Eiastingi H. Hort Chi
caro: af^iPtant Fecretarles. Charles P.
j\euoff (Wat^rbury. Conn.). George 8
A^ U^ O1 2— <^"ashirerton,t. Grace Johnston
<Red VTIng, Minn.). Carl Kelsoy <Chi-
Election in the Conference ef Chari-
OFFICERS CHOSEN.
Former Governor of Kentucky Ad
vised to Remain in In
dianapolis.
INDIANAPOLIS. May 23.-W. S. Tay
lor, former Kentucky Governor, anl
¦Charl*^ Flnley. wanted at Frankfort on
a charpe of complicity in the Goebel as-
FaeFlnation. continue h<»re. It is thrir In
tention to ro on Friday for a vacation to
Th" springs at Martir.svill*. but Repub
licans in Indiana p<»htics have told th^m
that it would be easy for « 1 nemi' l f to kid
nap them in so tmall a place. Finley now
makes the ronu-ntion thai the present
requisition -for him by Governor B^ckham
is lllrgai. as BerfchanTs signatory .was
affixed bcfnrehi wa Goveuwi in rfalitv
FRANKFORT. Ky.. May 23.— Frarkfoi t
to-cay is fret? from soldiers for the first
tirre since January. ?^\ The evacuation of
the B^ckham troops, the last to leave
occurred this forenoon.
FEARS THAT TAYLOR
WILL BE KIDNAPED
JOHN CONNOLLY, mine superinten
dent.
joe glass. *
william tyson. ' i
james McCarthy,
john han key.
VVKSLK Y VLKO'}.
JOHN Wli.I-KTT.
JOHN O ATE WOOD.
ROBERT GATE WOOD.
WHITE
RALEIGH, N. c\. May 23.— Twenty-two
miners, ton of thorn white men and
twelve nrproos, lost tlifir lives in the ex
plosion at the Cumnock coal mines. Chat
ham Cmir.ly. North Carolina, yesterday
afternoon. The exploi-Icn is supposed to
have been caused by it broken gauze in a
safety lamp. The accident was in what
is known as the »-.ist heading. Between
forty and fifty men were In the mine at
the time. Five men were brought out
alive- from the oant handing, while none
of th<» men in tho other parts of the mine
were Injured. Following are the dead:
The mine has bp«?n long used in a desul
tory fashion, but in 1888. Samuel A. Hen
s<*y of Philadelphia organized a company
and put In modern machinery. There are
two shafts, onp a small affair for ventilla
tion. and the other, the main working
shaft, is eight by twelve foot and is con
siderably more than five hundred feet In
depth.
The disaster was the fourth at this mine,
where about eighty-live men have lost
their lives «nd many others hive been
injured. . -, ; . "
WILli REEVES.
ROBKIIT REEVES.
ALfLIE BYNUM.
JOE TAYLOR
J!M MARKS.
JOHN LEK PALMER.
JIM PALMER;
PETER PALMER,
JOHN .HTBBARJD. '
About fifty people fmm Sanford] a town !
rix miles from tli^ mine, wont out when
the nev;s of the disaster was receivo.-i. !
to assist in rescuing tho dead and lend
ing assistance to the injured. Within an
hour after the explosion, tho work of res
et'? began, and by night all the bodies, j
except one— that of Sim Molntyre— liadi
boen brought to tho top. .Many of the
bodies were burned. The funerals took
place to-(3ny. ¦ ;
PARTS, May 23.— The American jurors
appointed for the Paris Exposition num
ber ninety-five. . Sixty of them who are
now in Paris held a meeting to-day and
dl^pussed their duties. They afterward
attended the general assembly of jurors
of all nations at the Palais dir Trocadero,
at which 1S00 were present. M. Mlllerand,
Minister of Commerce, who presided, wel
comed them, and M. Picard, the director
pencral of tho exposition, read the rules
for adjudication.
Paris Fair Jurors Meet.
Roys was Indicted in December, and in
April was tried and found guilty of mur
der in the first dopre?. The case will be
appealed to the Supreme Court.
Ross assaulted Ward November 11 on
the steamship Santa Rosa, at Port Har
ford. while being taken to San Quentln
to serve ten years for burglary, fracturing
his skull and inflicting wounds- which
caused his death November 28.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, May 23.— Bert
Meredith, alias Ross, was this morning
sentenced to bang by Judge Unangst in
the Superior Court for the murder of Dep
uty Sheriff Will J. Ward of San Diego.
The court denied defendant's motions for
arrest of judgment, continuance and new
trial.
Must Hang.
Murderer of Deputy Sheriff Ward
MEREDITH SENTENCED.
Oregon and Washington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 23.— Pensions for
Californians: Original— James 11. Boswell,
Santa Rora" $6; Edwin R. Conant, Vet
erans'.Home. Napa. ?6. Increase— Thomas
Hurnett, Eureka, $S; Robert A. Kennedy,
Soldiers" Home, Los Angeles. $12; Vance
J. V.'llEon, Crescent City, $8; Henry O-
Hanloy, Shasta. $S; George Burns, Calla
han'i $12; Charles W« Sutherlin, Tulare,
$12; John A. Sowash, Arcata, $10; Oroville
W Kendrlck: Arroyo Grande. $8; Thomas
F. Henry. Lemoore. $8. Mexico war
widows, special, accrued May 10 — Nancy
E. Stupp.'Madera, JS; Amelia B. Speng
ler. Sacramento. $8. War with Spain—Orig
inal— A'lolph, If. Clay, Livermore, $30.
Washington: Original— Ralph Jabosh,
South Park, ?'>.
Oregon:- Increase— Michael Cadden,
Roseburg, $10.
Pensions for Residents of California,
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Bodies of Ten Whites and Twelve Negroes
Recovered From the Cumnock Mines
in North Carolina,
TWENTY-TWO MEN LOST
IN THE COLLIERY DISASTER
LONDON. May 23.— The usual Quern's birthday ministerial banquets took
place this afternoon. Lord Salisbury entertained at the Hotel Cecil. His
gu.?sW Included King Oscar of Sweden and Norway, the Prince of Wales,
Kmbarsador Choate and other diplomats. The guests of Mr. Chamberlain
and the Colonial Office Included Canadian High Commissioner Lord Strath
cor.a and Mount Royal and the Australian Federation delegates. Mr. Goschen
entertained the Duke of York, many admirals. Commander Richardson Clover,
the I'nited States r.aval attache here, and other naval attaches! *
QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY
MINISTERIAL BANQUETS
Day's Record of Bloodshed in the
Strike District Includes the
"Wounding of a Boy by
ST. LOUIS, May 23.— Renewed rioting
and another fatality marked the prog
ress of the strike on the St. jLouis Transit
Company's svstem to-day. This after
r.oon,.a. Cass-avenue car was stopped at
the corner of Twenty-third and Cass ave
nue, in order that a barricade which had
been placed across the track might be
removed. During the enforced halt a big
crowd of strike sympathizers attacked
the car, firing -'i number of shots. One of
the bullets struck Special Policeman Dun
can K. McCrae, who was riding on the
front pliitform with the motorman. In the
left arm. passing throuch his body and
e.ominpr out on the rigrht side. The po
liceman sank- unconscious to the floor.
Other patrolmen who had been stationed
at the corner to protect the oars then
charged the crowd and beat it back. A
riot call was sent into the Ninth-district
station and a dozen mounted policemen
caine at full $ gallop to the scene. The
combined forces soon restored order. Me
f'rao was placed in an ambulance, but
died en route to the hospital. He was
about CO years of age.
Kd'Iie Alans. ;! years old, was shot
through the lej? this afternoon by a man
on a Ca&s-avohtie car. The little boy was
sjttinp on tho front-door step when some
small boys, who had been throwing stones
at a west-hound Cass-aVenue car. ran up
the alley south of the house. A man who
is supposed to be an emergency police
man leaned out from the car and fired a
shot at the the fleeing boys. The shot
struck little Mans in the right leg, near
the hip.
R. B. Hodge, n conductor oh the Tower
Orovo line is a patient at St. John's
Hospital.- suffering from injuries which it
is feared will prove fatal. He vas as
saulted by a crowd of mm on his car nt
the crossing of Salina street on Tuesday
afternoon. One of them struck Hodge on
the head with a club and others knocked
him down and kicked him until he was
unconscious.
No new* lines were opened to-day. b>it
the number of cars was increased on
those linos in operation. Few passengers
rode in the car?. Cars probably will not
be run at night until the strike is ended..
HH
Special Policeman Duncan
K,;McCrae Shot by
a Rioter.
SWELLING THE
MURDER ROLL
OF ST. LOUIS
T!»* mnyt stI^u*? riyiftr.cle in the way of lie
I'a.rifl'-atirin of the iFianris now li<»s
in the mutual distrust l>pt»e':i tht* tr'.pps and
the inhatsitantF. Thi*. I believe, will disappear
efter «>arh class l«tvomos more thurouphly ac
«ju»inte<l with th» othor and th<» benefits to bs
derived from »n intlmato relationship with the
military lif-omot appreciated by the Dative*.
*>n t!ie other han<i tti*> work <-ut out for the
ttoop* »iil b* pTeatly facilitated when they
pain the i-ur.fidorire of ih» well dlspowvl native*.
WTi^n th>- latter nri<] that the troopa have
come to *tay they DndoabtMly will resist the
• <•{ th» robber bar.'ls. turn about a->d
*ssi>t the American tr»'i.« in ferretinK out
thefr haunts and plans and the days of the
cuerilla rebellion will be numbered.
In.T«»<i. th»-s»> cuerriila bar.ds ami th«!r <lepr«-
(..-¦ ¦> <viriMii\it«" all that is Implied in the
"PbJUppIw Insurrection," as it uu\v r-xists.
The r.peratiou of troop* and j>3'i;i<-atinn of
tnnT.f not y*t fuMufvi Will b* carried on r«*
«flrdU»Fs .if the rainy wawm. whi<li. as ptate'l.
ih« insurffni! l»f!i»"ve » ill rauw an sbar.-ioii-
Viev.i »f many Important towns by our troopc
In concluding his report General
Bchwan says: ,
\Vith the exception of the savage moun
tain trihf-s and the numerous bands of
brigands, says the report; the greater
majority of both the educated and peas
ant clasps? in the heartily de
pire a restoration of peace and order u:i
dor American rule. Many hands of rob
ber* and brigands fnrm a disjointed nu
dflti for a prospective reooncent ration of
inCurjrent forces and the renewed pros^
cntlon of the rebellion. Continuing the
r.port sayr:
Genera! Scbwan says the insurgents
think that snco a victory will mean th^*
withdrawal of all military forces now in
the islands.
Qoneral Bchwan s=tatc* that the ' sole
hop** entertained by ihe insurgents for a
revival of the insurrection lies in the sup
position thnt the I'nited States troops will
t>e obliged Jo abandon many of their pres
ent positions at the opening of the wet
season, owing to in:tbiiuiy to secure sup
plies during that period, and also "in the
possibility of victory for the Democratic
or anti-expansion party in the coming:
Presidential campaign-"
WASHINGTON. May 23.-The War De
partment has received an interesting re
port from Brigadier General Theodore
S< iiv.an. I". S. V.. dated on the transport
Thomas, at sta. May 12. DS». in which he
Mil'mits a thorough review of the state of
afTairs in tho Philippines up to the time of
his departure trom Manila, on April 16
last, making particular reference to what
he l^lleves to be tho irretrievable collapse
of tho Filipino insurrection as a whole,
and expressing the conviction that, if left
alone, the Filipinos would soon demon
strate ihcir absolute Inability to govern
Lbemaelreai
"The principal islands. 1 he pays, "are
now. a.«= before; bcld by an iron grip by
ibr- military. In Luzon, Luna; as well as
al! the coast towns of importance, is oc
cupied by American troops."
General Schwan Reports That In
surgents Expect to Reorganize
During the Rainy-
Season.
Await the Issue of the
Election in the United
States.
FILIPINOS YET
PLACING HOPE
IN DEMOCRACY
Loaned Its Credit to Outside Enter
prises and Permitted Its Work
ing Capital to Become
Exhausted.
; — • .
CHICAGO, May 23.— Agent Mains, rep
resentative of the Methodist Publishing
interests In Now York, was kept busy
for an hour / to-day explaining certain
portions of his quadrennial report to the
committee on book concern. Chairman
Frank Arter of the sub-committee, to
which was referred the report of the
publishing agent in the East, submitted
a statement which will in all probability
cause a sensation when it reaches . the
General Conference. It calls attention to
the fact that the Eastern publishing
houpe has permitted its working capital
to become exhausted, while it has loaned
its credit to outside enterprises. One case
of the kind referred to in the report is
that of the International Bible Society.
According to the report this concern or its
representatives has owed the publishing
house $51,000 for several years and appar
ently no effort has been made to adjust
the account.
The report also stated that the Eastern
house had paid large dividends and subsi
dies without reducing its liabilities.
The committee on episcopacy to-night
considered a protest signed by t the presi
dents of all the Methodist educational in
stitutions of the country and aimed at
Bishop Hurst and his American Univer
sity, demanding that steps be taken to
check the general superintendents of the
church in their tendency to use the episco
pal office as a club to force subscriptions
for the benefit of colleges in which they
were interested. -The protest was referred
to a special committee of seven, which
met after the adjournment of the main
body, and will report to-morrow.
Another matter of importance was the
report of the sub-committee, fixing the
episcopal residences for the coming quad
rennium. Much disaffection developed at
the report and after some discussion fur
ther consideration was deferred until to
morrow. Here is the list as submitted to
the committee to-night: Boston. New
York, Philadelphia. Buffalo. Cincinnati,
Chicago, Detroit. St. Louis, Topeka. Min
neapolis. San Francisco. Portland. Or.,
and Chattanooga, with the committee un
decided whether to report in favor of
Washington or Denver. The indecision in
regard to the continuation of an episcopal
residence in the the capital city was re
garded as another blow to Bishop Hurst.
The General Conference to-day voted to
abolish the time limit on pastorates.
Work of the Presbyterians.
ST. LOUIS, May 23.— Advancement was
made in the work of the Presbyterian
General Assembly to-day by the adoption
of the report of the committee on bills
and -overtures, asking the Presbyteries
what action they desire to take, if any.
in the revision of the creed and in the
election of Dr. William B. Xole of Cali
fornia as- permanent clerk. Although the
afternoon session was fraught wirh un
usual interest there was no dramatic sit
uation. Speakers for and against revision
occupied the floor and made speeches an<J
the most friendly spirit pre\-ailed.
The adoption of the report of the com
mittee on bills and overtures, relating to
the appointment of the revision commit
tee by the assembly, was received with
great satisfaction. Scarcely less enthusi
asm was manifested during the election
of the permanent clerk. "
CHATTANOOGA. Tenn.. May 23.— At to
day's session of the Cumberland Presby
terian Assembly the committee on Mis
sions and church erection recommended
that Rev.- Gain Sins: Quf>h be attached to
the Chinese mission In San Francisco as
interpreter and evangelist: that mission
work be begun in San Francisco by Octo
ber 1 next, and that the church concen
trate its home funds on that point. The
report was adopted.
Loose Business Methods of
the Eastern Publish
ing House.
SENSATION AT
THE CONCLAVE
OF METHODISTS
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL (late Sclbornc) .FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS. SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
The school year 1900-1001 will begin on August 14. Military drill; separate rooms; large and efficient staff of masters; gymnasium;
tennis; krgs can:pur.
A parent writes:- "We consider that the school takes very high rank as an educator, and, what is of still greater importance, ;is a dc-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAtL, THUKSDAY,- MAY s 24, 1900.
Section Hand Killed.
SPOKANE, Wash.. May 23.— Fred Mohr,
a section-hand on the Northern Pacific,
was killed this morning under startling
circumstances. A freight train collided
with a handcar on a hich trestis three
miles east of Cheney, and Mohr was
thrown nearly 150 feet to the bottom of a
deep gulch. The other men on the hand
car escaped by hanging to the cross tim
bers of the trestle.
HER MAJESTY QUEEN VICTORIA EIGHTY-ONE YEARS OLD TO-DAY.
(From a photograph taken for the Sphere April 16, during the recent visit
to Ireland.)
2
The cash buying public is fully awake to the importance of our
"red tag sale" and quick to learn that everything thus marked is cheap-
er by 20 to 50 per cent than it can be bought elsewhere.
RED TAG PRICES-Znd Floor. RED TAG PRICES»»Ist Floor.
I1.M ladies' kid .hoes lace 0. } c f^S^'*^^^^ ?g
$2.00 ladies" stylish button shoes i*-'" S»75 flneer bowl*, per dozen « l.«M»
$2.00 ladies* strong shoe* 91. *».1<» 23-cent handsome glass candlesticks 1.1*
$1.25 child's fine shoes, 6 to 12 75c 65c colored class sets 35c
31.50 misses' fine shoe?. 12 to 2 05c ~
§5 special ,rain shoe,. 13 to 2 0 ? c iS
31.00 serge shoes, ladles. 3, 3>4 «*•>« iop cakes splendor scouring T»c
¦ 10c cakes tar soap....: Re
50-cent ladles' balbriggaji vests 1O«5 joe package? sapoine !*«•
73-cent ladies' crash skirts 45c 50c cans (gallons) sugar house drips 3Oe
31.00 yarn for knitting, mostly black 6£ g gg» tama^ A-our^ .......1^
15-cent dark sateens, fine v. He — —
?5c fine linen initial handkerchiefs .\I5c Ask for June list bargains, ready soon.
30c enools linen thread .'. 5c Ask for rejuUr Home Circle, free.
i=; f »ni marhiM rw>r 10ft ' 7c Aste for hardware catalogue, complete.
. f» « marbles. perlW.. .c AsJt terza\n list of toyg.
31.50 Pansy books, 20 titles loc
7Sc and $1.60 fancy waste baskets 5Oc Free delivery across the bay daily.
Room to rent on 3th and 6th floors.
RED TAG PRlCES~3rd Floor
$5 cork jackets, dosing *1-'.O *** r&%$ ffl W I X/I\L.'
%% cossimere suits, dark, small..... #JI.r»O o _ __ -.v _ • _
25c little boys' overalls, no bib 15c Jo-^T fllaPUtt 5»t. f O. r*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISS LUCY ANNIE HEISER OF MINNEAPOLIS, MINN.
Miss Lucy Annie Heiser, a graduated nurse of nine years' experience, trained
and graduated from the Homeopathic Hospital of Minneapolis. Minn., writes as
follows:
Albert Lea, Minn.. Nov. 8. 1899.
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, Ohio: ,
Gentlemen — "A/though my school does not believe in patent medicines, I havm
found it to be a fact that Peruna is a grand and ra/uabfo medicine. I have known
it to cure Mrs. Sampson, suffering with an inflamed womb, aggravated by malaria t
after the doctors had failed to. help her. Another of my former patients suffered
with a complication of female diseases; she was ,so thin, nothing but skin and bones,
but Peruna cured her, and she is to-day in good health and good flesh. Facts prove
that Peruna revives lost strength and restores to fie sick that most wonderful bl ess-
ing of life— health." Lucy Annie Heiser.
Mattie B. Curtis, secretary Legion of charge of the grammar department of tha
Loyal Women, Hotel Salem, Boston, public schools; also jpast grand of Inde-
vr? JIiVJL. pendent Order of Good Templars. Dr.
Maps., writes. Hartman received the following letter:
¦ ¦ "/ suffered for
S l over a year with COLUMBIA CITY. WASH.
„..,., u/enb. "I can speak only good words of the re-
generai wean peated benefits I have had from the use
ness and aeon- of Peruna. ,-¦ : ¦; ' "?
///. manifested ,. Too constant application to work last
especially in se- w ; n { er caused me to have severe head
vere backache and ac f, e an d dragging pains. I
and headache. cou /d no t stop my work, neither was I fit
"My physician io 9° on - Reading of the beneficial re-
prescribed dlf- suits from the use of Peruna. I purchased
ferent medi- a bottle, and within a few days after using
cines. none of ., u mnmH tn f oa i k o u».
which seemed "' began to feel better.
t x, «- *• to neJp me any "I constantly improved and before the
Mattie a. Curtis. until a club seventh bottle was completely used, all
— —^ associate ad- pains were gone, my strength was re-
vised me to try Peruna, as it cured her stored, and I now seem ten yeare
of constitutional headache and stomach younger. .
troubles. I at once ordered a bottle and « If j pet t i red or feel Pertma ai
before it was used, felt greatly improved. once helps me. and I feel you deservo
"I have taken four bottles and for two praise for placing such a conscientious
months have been entirely free from these medicine before a suffering public
maladies. Several of my friends are using MRS. AMANDA SHLMAKER.
Peruna with beneficial results, especially p eruna is a specific for the catarrhal
in eases of troubles with the kldne>s ana derangements of women. Address Tha
other pelvic organs, together witn TveaK- p eruna Medicine Co.. Columbus. Ohio,
nesses peculiar to women. f or fre© book on catarrh written by Dr.
From Mrs. Amanda Shumaker, who has S. B. Hartman.THINKS GREEK
IS SUPERFLUOUS
OAKLAND. May 23.— Frederick W.
Mowry, the wealthy farmer cf Washing
ton Township who was confined In tha
Agnews Insane Asylum for several
months and later released as cured, waa
examined this morning by Drs. Tlsdalo
and Emerson, who recommended his com
mitment to an Insane asylum. Final ac
tion in the case was to have been taken
by Judge Greene, but he failed to appear,
and the commitment of Mowry waa post
poned until to-morrow.
Mowry knows that steps are belns:
taken to have him sent to an asylum, and
was represented to-day by Attorneys
Huxley and Otis. The lawyers submitted
the suspect to a severe course of question
ing. He told the examining physicians
that he was not insane, but under the In
fluence of sprits and unable to refuse to
perform their commands. It was nobody's
business, he said, if he desired to obey tha
spirit voices.
Relatives of the unfortunate man testi
fied that he had act?d in a peculiar man
ner for several weeks and was extremely
violent at times.
M0WRY SAYS HE WAS
COMMANDED BY SPIRITS
Fellow Teachers: We are again
assembled in our annual institute. I
trust that the programme of exercises
will prove acceptable and profitable
to you all. It contains the names of
those -who are acknowledged masters
of the themes they will discuss. We
are here for the exchange of thought
and experience and the acquisition of
new thought, in order that the sari
ous responsibilities imposed upon us
as teachers may be more effectively
and conscientiously assumed and dis
charged. — Excerpt from address by
President Webster.
WHEN Superintendent of Schools
R. H. Webster as president of
the Teachers' Institute opened
the initial session of that body
yesterday morning there was not a va
cant seat in the large auditorium of the
MlsBion High School. More than six hun
dred teachers were In attendance and
manifested great interest in. the papers
and remarks of those who contributed to
the programme.
The institute Is practically a school of
Instruction for those who devote their
lives to teaching the young Idea to shoot.
The session will last three days, and dur
ing that time the presiding geniuses of
the classroom are expected to be present
and absorb the latest wrinkles in edu
cation, so that they can return to their
various schools better prepared to incul
cate wisdom in the minds of their pupils.
R. H. Webster presided over the delib
erations of the body, and he was given
able assistance by Secretary Miss Mary
'Scherer and Assistant Secretaries Miss
Louise A. Renwick and Miss Nellie Arm
strong. The profcramme was opened at
9:30 with singins by the eighth and ninth
grades of the Clement Grammar School,
taught by Miss Frances Lewie, and under
the direction of Miss Estelle Carpenter,
The children's voices blended nicely In
the «=inpinjr of "Hark, What Heavenly
Voices. The rendition of this beautiful
selection was heartily appreciated, and
for an encore "Suwanee River" was sunn.
Charles Parmenter, the right half of the
victorious Clement football team, sang
the solo to the beautiful melody and his
fellow pupils Joined in the chorus.
The opening address was then delivered
by Mr. Webster, and in part he said:
The Interest manifested in education marks
the development of a community. Industry
and even progress to a considerable degree may
exist where the standard of education is com
monplace, but the larger forces that push out
and eonqufy. that dispel darkness and make
the fondest hopes seem reasonable ambitions,
must rest upon the base of high and conscien
tious scholarship.
The powers that control the affairs of this
republic believe with Aristotle., that "a Ptate
cin be no better than the citizens of which
It is composed"; and with Dionysius that "the
foundation of every state Is the education of
Its youth." President McKtriley nobly said,
"This nation, if it would continue to lead In
Class of Five to Be Graduated From the
Woodland High School Fridag.
WILL SOON BID ADIEU
TO THEIR ALMA MATER
SEVERE STORM
SWEEPS OVER THE
NORTHWEST
Boats Capsized and Two
Men Known to Have
Been Drowned.
In the City of Astoria the Wind Blew
With Frightful Velocity and
Slucii Property Was
Damaged.
Special r>«.«ratca to Tb* Call.
ASTORIA. Or.. May 23.— One of the most
severe storms which ever raged over the
North vest in May sprang up this morn
ir.g. The- wind blew in squalls and at
time? its velocity was so great that tin
roofs were tern off buildings in the city.
The storm played havoc with the fisher
men on the river, and no less than twenty
boats ¦were capsized.
Two men are known to have been
drowned, and it is feared four or five
others have met a similar fate. The first
drowning occurred off Fort Columbia,
where tho boat of Albert Johnson was
overturned during a squall. Johnson's
boat-puller, a man named Peterson, was
rescued by other fishermen, but Johnson
was lost. The second drowning occurred
near Fort Stevens. A boat manned by
Mike Peltoma and John Brown was cap
sized about 4 o'clock. Brown held on to
some tra;> poles until the Fort Stevens
life crew reached him, but Peltoma be
came entangled in the meshes of his web
and was drowned. While the life crew
was bringrinp: Peltoma's body to the city,
two other fishermen were saved from a
watery grave. The men were John Paso
lich and Antone Talzantich.
The ftorm was so severe that their boat
refused to mind its rudder and capsized.
The men had be*>n In the water nearly an
hour when the life crew came along:, and
were almost dead. A scow carrying six
men loft Astoria for Fort Canby this aft
ernoon, but the steamer was compelled
to drop her tow. The men on the scow
dropped th«» anchor, which held for a
time, but finally gave way. At a late
hour to-night nothing had been heard of
the scow and It Is feared she foundered.
There is a bare possibility that the six
men reached shore. It Is reported that
three other fishermen were lost about dark
to-night, but the report cannot be veri
fied. The number of men actually lost
•will not be known until to-morrow.
To-day's storm was the most severe one
for the month for years. A heavier blow
occurred in May. 1SS1. Then ninety fish
ermen were drowned In a single night.
EIGHT HUNDRED BOERS
SURRENDER AT VRYBURG
Continued from First Pace
Ninth— The adoption of a course of study
which will not be too revolutionary, but along
the lines of modern educational thought.
Tenth — To devise a plan of overcoming the
evils of the unyielding graded system.
Eleventh— The formation of a class for deaf
Twelfth— Manual training, including sloyd,
cookinsr and sewing.
Thirteenth— The strengthening of the draw
ing department.
Fourteenth— An attempt to amend the com
pulsory education law, by the establishment
of a truant school, organized by teachers es
pecially adapted for that kind of work, and
ateo by truant officers.
Fifteenth — The reorganization of the teaching
of -physical culture, and placing it in the de
partment on a proper basis.
Sixteenth— As soon as possible, the introduc
tion of nature study in our department.
Seventeenth— The board intends to assist and
o-operate with the San KraneJsco Btate Nor
mal School in establishing a model training
school for the proper preparation of attending
teachers, and also where we can go and re
ceive new Inspiration along the proper methods
of Instruction.
Our system of education, to realize its high- I
eft aim, must reach the common people, the
"plain people," as Lincoln loved to call them.
It must be remembered that 93 per cent of
the children can never receive more than an
elementary education, and, therefore, it is the
highest duty of the Etate to determine the
character and quality of the education which
will best prepare them for their life work as in- I
divlduals and as citizens of the republic. Edu
cation should awaken In the mind of the youth
a desire for good literature; It should at the
snmc time teach htm an honorable means by
which he may obtain those material things
he desires. It should Inspire him with thoughts
of hlcher Ideals, right aspirations and a
sense of moral responsibility. In the practical
operation of these sentiments there is honor
and strength and long life for our institutions.
For the permanence of the civil compact de
pends less upon a wide diffusion of unasslm
ilated and undigested intelligence, than upon
such a practical moral education of the youth
as shall enable them to secure ana qualify
them to store up a fair share of the aggregate
produce of labor. Therefore It is being dally
demonstrated that the highest degree of edu
cation results from combining manual with
intellectual and moral training.
C. W. Mark, president of the Board of
Education, was next introduced and read
a paper on "Our City School System." He
discussed the changes made by the Board
of Education and told what the board in
tended doing with a view to improving
the school system In this city. ¦ These
changes would be brought about by de
grees and Include:
First— The centralization of responsibility in
the principals.
Second — Supervision of the schools by experts
along certain lines, for the purpose of strength
ening and Improving all of us in our work.
Third— Conducting the department on strict
business principles.
Fourth— The appointment of teachers to the
department on merit, and not for personal or
political reasons.
Fifth — As far as is possible the treating of
all schools alike, giving them the same priv
ileges and the same advantages.
Sixth— A rational method of promotion of
pupils.
Seventh— The Introduction of children's play
grounds.
Eighth — The establishment of vacation
classes.
the race of progress' and liberty, must do It
through the intelligence and conscience of its
people." We all accept the modern gospel.
"Seek ve first the education cf the people and
all other blessings will ba added unto you."
At the conclusion of the discussion of
the subject a recess for five minutes was
taken. On reconvening a male quartet,
composed of J. F. Veaco, W. C. Stadtfeld.
B. Somers and William Nielson, rendered
"Annie Laurie." and for an encore
"Schneider's Band." This was followed
by a talk on physical culture and general
care of the body by John E>. Hoover.
M D , LL.D. The professor was assisted
in his lecture by sixty of his pupils, who
ranged in years from 7 to 70.
Owinj? to the length of the programme
Mrs M. I*. O'Neal president of the
Laguna Honda School, postponed her lec
ture until to-morrow's session. An ad
journment was taken until this morning
at 9 o'clock.
But permanency of tenure cannot exist unless
appointments are made for merit. Also the
system cannot work well unless there Is a
probationary system that will determine
whether the teachers are qualified for the po
sitions. Thirdly, no twentieth century city can
afford to have permanency of tenure without a
system of retirement on annuities. I must con
fess that I have been a long time In coming
to that conclusion.
We have lived in the nineteenth century and
have tried to be nineteenth century men and
women. Can we now face the twentieth cen
tury and be twentieth century men and women?
That is the crucial question that confronts us
one and all to-day.
We want to deal with educational questions
as questions not of the past but as questions
of the present and the future. There is a fine
old saying that I should like to repeat in this
connection. It is an Anglo-Saxon saying: "To
day Is a new day." For a preat body of teach
ers this Is a peculiarly fitting time for us to
regard our work In this way. The one great
corollary of the permanent tenure of office
is this. The permanency of tenure is main
tained r.ot for the individual benefit of the
teacher, but for the benefit of the public. It Is
for you who have this tenure to show that this
is so. You don't want to make it simply se
cure, but to make it appeal to the public as the
best thing for the schools; that it means not
only good teaching, but increasingly good teach
ing. I suppose next to a bad man in the world
Is a bad man who is growing worse; but worse
than him is a good man who is not growing
better. The worst kind of a teacher is a good
teacher who is not growing better.
Every teacher needs to have an intellectual
hobby. Every teacher ought to have some spe
cial subject that he or sn«- is learning thor
oughly—something worth while In which you
are daily becoming a scholar. Then In your
study of the educational programme get above
the commonplaces of pedagogy. Thirdly, learn
to love the children more; and the best way
to do that is to do things for them that will
One of the peculiar things about the San
FranciBco body of teachers is that character
which they have stamped upon them by reason
of the fact that they have permanency of ten
ure in their positions. That fact gives them
confidence and increases their self-respect.
From the bottom of my heart I can say I be
lieve in the wisdom of the- system of perma-
Tha purpose of an Institute is to" give us an
opportunity to view our work as a part of the
larger work of life.
"The Bandolero," a pretty ballad by
Stuart, was sung by Herbert E. Medley,
who rendered "Israfel" as an encore.
Then followed a talk on "Some Corollar
ies of the Permanent Tenure and Pur
poses of a Teachers' Institute" by Elmer
Ellsworth Brown. Ph.D., professor of the
theory and practice of education. Univer
sity of California. In part he said:
Highland Park. Charles R. Eastman was
the only graduate from the classical
course though four completed the aca
demic course and graduated last night.
Charles R. Eastman, the college grad»
uate. delivered an address upon secondary
schools In ¦which he declared that present
courses are filled with useless studies.
"This work of preparing students for
life." said he. "Is crowded out by studies
that have no place in secondary schools.
If a student enters a classical course. hf»
must study Greek. There seems to tw»
only two reasons for continuing thla
study: first, a respect for the ancient,
and second, an endeavor to do what tho
college would do. To-day we have th«
French and German languages absolute
necessities in some vocations."
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, president of tha
State University, delivered an address
upon "Our Duty to the Commonwealth."
after which the college dinner was given.
The graduates from the academic de
partment were: W. Clifford Pruett, Oak
land; C. Roy Browning, Loomis; Maud
XI. Sears. Eureka, and Mary L. Gall
breath. Tulare.
Mr. Adams closed his lecture by recit
ing the exquisite lines of "Lead, Kindly
Light," the hymn written by Newman
that has found its way into the hearts
of Christians throughout the world. Mr.
Adams will lecture again In Metropolitan
Hall to-morrow njght? on "Novels."
His struggles against criticism; his cool,
calm courage In defense of his principles
and his dignified silence when he himself
was assailed, brought a fervent tribute
from the lecturer, and then he described
the death of the great man, bowed with
the weight of ninety years, but with his
mind Btlll vigorous and his charity, hl.«
integrity, his gentle, lovable nature and
his giant intellect the theme of even those
who had been his enemies.
"Cardinal Newman," said the speaker,
"was a fixed idea and In his character,
cutting into the sensuality, the material
ism and the protestantism of his age.
might be seen the man with fixity of pur
pose; the man of one idea. God stamped
upon his soul not only the quality of
fixity of purpose, but transfiguration. In
his infancy his soul made this compact
with God: 'If I see the light there I will
go to It; and If I see It there I will go
to it; I will go to It though all the world
should bid me stay; even though, when
1 He down at night I will have but twi>
friends— God and John Henry Newman!' "
Newman's early life was then described,
his career at Oxford and his appointment
as rector of the church of St. Mary the
Virgin at Oxford, where he preached to
the learned philosophers of the college,
roused them from their lethargy and
started the great Oxford movement. And
then the speaker told how in his forty
fifth year, with the power of his Intellect
thrilling the clergy and laity of England
and the sweep of his Influence over the
nation's Intellectual development, New
man saw the light leading him to the
Church of Rome, and without a moment's
hesitation he followed it.
In his opening remarks the speaker re
ferred to Cardinal Newman as one of tho
greatest men of the century; a man who,
reared in the rigid principles of the Cal
vlnistic faith, had risen by his preaching
until he held the hearts and the intel
lects of England in his hand; had come
to be a teacher of teachers and a coun
selor of the wise, and had then, in tho
prime of .his- manhood and his power,
turned his back on all he had gained.
Joined the Catholic faith and battled
against the tide of prejudice and vilifica
tion for nearly fifty years; dying with his
battle won, his enemies silenced and all
enmity at an end.
Under the auspices of the Catholic
Truth Society Henry Austin Adams
lectured last evening on "Cardinal New
man." His was not a simple enumeration
of the events in the life of the great pre
late; ¦ It was ¦ a story, dealing, with thi:
character of the man, hl3 wonderful in
tellect, his fixity of purpose, his tremen
dous influence, his moral courage and his
fidelity In his search for the truth.
Story of a Great Man Whose Char
acteristics Were Fixity of Pur
pose and His Quest for
Brilliant Lecture by Henry
Austin Adams for the
Truth Society.
HOW CARDINAL
NEWMAN LIVED,
LED AND DIED
W. J. Tuska of San Francisco. S. N.
Reed of Kern and J. H. Liggett of Sac
ramento. Trask is apparently in the lead,
though it is possible the Grand Lodge
may pay its hosts of Salinas the compli
ment of electing Sargent to the coveted
prelacy. Grand Vice Chancellor William
T. Jeter of Santa Cruz and Grand Prelate
Leonard S. Calkins of Nevada City will
go up the ladder one step, it is confidently
stated, becoming respectively grand chan
cellor and grand .vice chancellor, but the
other grand officers are yet very doubt
ful, there being several candidates in the
lit-ld for each. The fight of the session
¦will center round the grand prelacy.
Important business was transacted in
the Grand Lodge this afternoon, standing
committees making reports and questions
of moment being under discussion. Among
the lattt-r was a proposition to establish
a Pythian Home at Woodbridge, Fresno
County. An offer from the board of trus
tees of old San Jacinto College of that
property accompanied the proposition and
much discussion took place before the
matter was finally referred to the com
mittee or. the Pythian home.
Telegrams from Stockton citizens in
viting the Grand Lodge to meet in that
city next year were received during the
afternoon. " Stockton Is making a big fight
for the next Grand Lodge and at present
seems likely to get It.
A petition from several prominent dele
gates for an appropriation to the bureau
of relief fund caused much interest thid
afternoon. The matter was finally re
ferred to the bureau of relief committee.
The Grand l^oilixe of Foresters of Amer
ica sent a telegram of greeting to the
Pythlans to-day and much enthusiasm
was occasioned when it was read to the
delegates. Thore was no session to-night,
the time being devoted to social and fra
ternal entertainments of various kinds
which were prepared by the townspeople
for the visitors.
The afternoon session of the Rathbone
Sisters consisted mainly of the conclusion
of yesterday's routine business, officers'
reports and committee appointments. An
early adjournment was taken. To-mor
row both sexes of Pythlans will devote
the morning to a visit to the Spreckels
sugar factory. The afternoon will be
taken up with business. The annual ban
quet occurs to-morrow night.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
ON PARADE AT SALINAS
Little Business Transacted at the Session
of the Grand Lodge, but Much
* Electioneering Done. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS. May 23.— Everything Im
aginable, from a chicken*pio dinner
to a prize fight, is being served up
for the entertainment of the
Pythiar.s a?s«»i;ibled in this city this
week, ar.d gayety and fraternal Jollity
reign supreme throughout the town. To
day may be said to have been the spec
tacular day of the celebration, for the
pran<5 parade took place this morning.
T!-e parade began at 10:2) o'clock, and the
column, headed by Troop C military band,
passed alor.g the main streets of the town
between lor.g lines of enthusiastic spec
tators, raeetir.gr fresh cheers and showers
of flowers at every point. The local or
ganizations in line were Troop C, N. G.
C.; General Steadman Post, G. A. R.;
General Steadman Woman's Relief Corps;
Common Council of the city, headed by
Mayor Thomas Renieon; Salinas Board of
Education and pupils of 'the public
schools, accompanied by their teachers;
Salinas Parlor. Native Sons of the Golden.
West; Woodmen of the World; flre de
portment; Salinas Bicycle Club; Equality
Temple, Rathbone Sisters; officers and
delegates of the Grand Lodge, K. of P.,
and Grand Temple. Rathbone Sisters
(latter in caxriages). in full regalia; citi
zens in beautifully decorated equipages;
several elaborate allegorical and sym
bolic floats, and a number of civic and
fraternal organizations from neighboring
toivns were also In lir.e. The ensemble
was one of the most brilliant spectacles
ever witnessed in this section of the State.
Perfect weather was not the least enjoy
able feature cf the day.
The morning sessior.s of the Pythian
Grand Lodge and the Rath'oone 8'eters
Grand Temple opened In their respective
assembly halls at 9 o'clock, but very little
was accomplished, es an adjournment for
the parade was taken at 10 o'clock. The
various candidates for grand officers and
their friends utilized the informality of
the morning to good purpose In election
eering, and some pretty skillful wire-pull
ing might have been seen In the groups
gathered about headquarters during the
mornirg. There are now five candidate*
for grand prelate in the lield— D. K. Trosk
of Los Angeles. B. V. Sargent of Salinas,
INTERESTING PAPERS READ
AT TEACHERS' INSTITUTE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 24, 1900.
The Woodland High School is accred
ited by the State University and Is In the
front rank of the high schools of the
State. The faculty consists of Professor
F. A. Swanger, principal; Miss Caroline
Swyney, vice principal ; Professor . Wil
liam Hyman, teacher of mathematics and
science, and Miss Lola Simpson, teacher
of English.
Morris, daughter of A Morris, and Miss
Alta Farnham, daughter of V. Farnham.
The annual address will be delivered by
Professor A. M. Elston of Berkeley.
WOODLAND, May 23— The grad
uating exercises of the Wood
land High School will be held
In the opera-house -Friday
evening. May 25. The class of
1000 consists of five members. The salu
tatorian will be "William Morris, son of
Mrs. Mary Morris of this city. The vale
dictorian will be Waldo Hawkins, son of
Attorney N. A. Hawkins, als:> of this city.
The other graduates will be Miss Bertha
Huston, daushter of Mrs. S. A. Huston,
editor of the Home Alliance; Miss Mabel
The fight at Catubig occurred on May
1. The Americans, who were surrounded
In the church, lost about twenty in killed
and wounded. - . - ¦ • ¦ .- ¦ •
"A big battle has been fought at Catu
blg. in which the Americans lost 500 in
killed and wounded.:' • .
PARIS. May 23.— In the Patrle to-day
Agoncillo, representative here of Agul
naldo, publishes the following cable,
which he alleges was sent from Manila
yesterday: "American commissariat
stores at Blnondo were accidentally
burned, and in revenge American troops
fired on inoffensive citizens who were
walking the streets, killing and wounding
several. .
"Cannon have been placed in the streets
of Manila where uprisings are expected.
"On the excuse of searching for arms
the police are entering and pillaging pri
vate houses.
Magnified.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ican Losses at Catubig Are
Issues a Bulletin in Which the Amer-
At a meeting of the baseball men held
in Encina last night J. F. Lanagan, '00,
pitcher for the varsity team for the last
two years, was chosen captain for next
season.
?
AGONCILLO HAS ANOTHER
YARN OF DISASTER
Tuesday. May 29 — 10 a. m.. annual business
meeting of the alumni, in room 21; 11 a. m.,
annual alumni meeting, in the chapel, addresses
by David Samuel Snedden, '97, and David Hut
ton Webster, '96; .12:30 p. m., alumni reunion
and luncheon. In Roble Hall; 3 p.' m.. address
to the Graduate Club, by professor George K.
Howard, In the chapel; 8 p. m., promenade
concert. In the quadrangle.
Wednesday. May 30—10:30 a. m., the ninth
annual commencement. Assembly Hall; com
mencement address, by Professor William H.
Hudson; conferring of degrees, address to the
graduating class, by President Jordan.
P. K. Gllman, '01, has been elected
leader of the Glee Club for next year.
Sunday, May 27—11 a. m., the Baccalaureate
sermon, in Assembly Hall, by Rabbi Jacob
Voorsanger, D. D., of San Francisco: 4 p. m.,
ivy planting, at the' new memorial church:
7:45 p. m., anniversary of the Christian asso
ciations, in the 'chapel.
Monday, May 28—10:30 a. m., class day exer
cises, in the chapel; 11:30 a. m., dedication
of the '00 plate, in the quadrangle ; 9 p. m.,
senior class ball, in Enclna Club room.
Saturday, May 26 — 10 a. m., dedication of the
volunteer memorial plate, in the quadrangle;
3 p. m., reception to the graduating class, by
President and Mrs. Jordan, at Roble Hall;
8 p.m., senior farce, in Assembly HaH.
Thursday, May 24—10:30 a. m., faculty-senior
baseball, on the campus; 8 p. m.. concert by
the University glee and mandolin clubs, in
Assembly Hall.
Friday, May 25—8 p. m., senior reception, in
Enclna Club room.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 23.—
The senior class has succeeded in
renewing its original contracts for
music, refreshments, etc.. so that
all the exercises under class aus
pices will be successfully carried out.
University work closes to-morrow at 6
o'clock in the evening. At 8 o'clock com
mencement rally begins, when the pro
gramme for the week will be opened.
The following are the events as they will
be given:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD
HAPPENINGS
LONDON, May". 23.— Notwithstanding
Government opposition, the second reading
of the bill to enable women to be elected
Aldermen and Councilors in the new bor
ough councils formed under the London
government bill of 1S99 was carried in the
House of. Commons to-day by a vote of
248 to 129. Mr. Chamberlain, Sir Matthew
White-Ridley. Mr. Richie, Henry La
bouchere and John Redmond voted with
the minority.. The majority was com
posed mostly of Liberals and Irish mem
bers, with a sprinkling of Conservatives.
The bill was referred to the committee
on law.
MAKES WOMEN ELIGIBLE
TO THE LONDON COUNCIL
Each ticket sold guarantees a seat on
the Uklah excursion train Sunday, Ma>
27. Fare for round trip ?2. Leave Tiburon
ferry 8:30 a. m. Over four hours in
Uklah. Leave there on return at 5 p. m.
SEVENTY-FIVE CASUALTIES.
LONDON, May 23.— One dispatch from
Lord Roberts says: "Ian Hamilton
reached Heilbrun this morning, after a
IIONSPRUIT, Orange Free State, Tues
day Evening, May 22.— General French has
crossed the Rhenoster River, northwest
of here. This movement, combined with
General Ian Hamilton's occupation of
Heilbrun, renders the -Boer position
twenty miles In the British front unten
able. The latest reports received, how
ever, say the burghers are prepared to
make a strong resistance and possess fif
teen guns. A few prisoners were taken
to-day.
TO MAKE STRONG RESISTANCE.
Spence. Nothing was seen of the Boers
until the British were within two miles of '
Douglas, when a few shells from the Ca
nadian artillery sent the burghers in full
retreat toward Douglas. Colonel Hughes'
column advanced in skirmish order and
after a lengthy exchange of shots the
Boers fled, leaving their laager and a
quantity of stores and ammunition. Again
to-day 300 Boers opened a hot flre on a
detachment of yeomanry and the Cana
dian artillery repeated their, excellent
practice and compelled the enemy to re
tire.
series of engagements of a Boer force
under De Wet, who Is retiring before him.
Broadwood has captured fifteen Boer
wagons. There have been seventy-flve
casualties in Hamilton's force to yester
day evening. We marched here this
morning." .
DOUGLAS, Cape Colony, Tuesday, May
22.— A force under General . Warren, con
sisting of mounted infantry, Imperial
Yeomanry and two guns of the Canadian
Artillery, left Sooi Pan, Cape Colony, on
the night of May CO and marched In two
columns under Colonels Hughes and
COMPELLED BOERS TO RETREAT.
HEILBRUN, Tuesday, May 22.-Flght
ingr has been in progress since Sunday,
when three British divisions started to
sweep the country as far as Bethlehem.
Yesterday the Boers attacked the Brit
ish rear, but were driven oft. To-day,
after a slight rear guard action. Colonel
,Broadwood arrived with cavalry in front
of the town, having attacked the com
mando which held the railway and driven
in headjong, capturing thirteen wagons
and taking" a number of prisoners. The
burghers are hastening to surrender their
arms. President Steyn is at Frankfort.
FIGHTING HAS BEEN IN
PROGRESS SINCE SUNDAY
"Kelly-Kenny reports that three com
panies of yeomanry who were sent to re
pair the telegraph line and clear the
country between Bloemfonteln and Boshof
have returned to Bloemfontein, having
performed the duty exceedingly well."
"The officer commanding at Boshof re
ports that upward of 350 Free Stater*
have surrendered during the last few days
and that they have given up SCO rifles, 100
horses and a large amount of ammuni
tion.
"Ian Hamilton's force drove the Boers
under Ret de Wet before them from Llnd
ley to Heilbrun. The passage of the
Rhenoster waa strongly disputed. Our
loss might have been heavy but for a well
concerted plan which brought Smith-
Dorrlen's brigade on the enemy's flank
Just at the right moment.
"SOUTH BANK OF THE RHENOS
TER RIVER. May 23, 1:30 p. in.— We
found on arrival here this morning that
the enemy had fled during the night. They
had occupied a strong position on the
north bank of the river, which had been
carefully Intrenched, but they did not
think it advisable to defend it when they
heard that Ian Hamilton's force was at
Heilbrun and that our cavalry, which had
crossed the Rhenoster some miles lower
down the stream, were threatening their
right and rear. The bridge over the
Rhenoster, several culverts and some
miles of railway were destroyed.
LONDON', May 23.— The War Office late
this evening- published the following from
Lord Roberts:
ADVANCING BRITISH
DRIVE BACK BOERS
formed upon. He wanted It distinctly un
derstood that he and his friends particu
larly wished to avoid any partisan dem
onstrations that might be construed to
mean that their sympathies with one
political party in the United States were
stronger than with another.
This afternoon they dined with Secre
tary Hay.
A package marked quinine was secretly sent
to a bright woman, but belns curious she took
It to a druBclst. who said Jt was not quinine
but arsenic. A like inquiry into some of the
medicines offered will certainly detect the false
from the. true. For half a century Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters has been curing indigestion,
constipation. dyspepsia, liver and kidney
troubles and has never once failed. Try It If
you feel weak and tired.
% .' ..¦ .:• »r .-. .- : .-. v .-¦-.'- ¦-¦ '
Curiosity Saves Life.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. May 23.
The commencement exercises of Cali
fornia College were held this morning in
the Mary Stuart Hall at the college in
3
Prominent Figures at tha Institu.e.
DB. KUJKEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
The Cause of Many
Sudden Deaths.
There is 2. disease prevailing in this
country most dangerous because so decep-
I 1 131 II pLJ^d tive. Many sudden
1TCT PLFJ^ dsaths are caused b 7
u ~ heart dlseas e»
l^ki \P^jir P neumonla ' heart
1 V<&$ tjDf\ 3c*r^ failure or apoplexy
J i nSc' i \rA^ H r are often e result
3^i<Sr ¦nWs of kIdn «y disease. If
MjJfcSuiiltt p3i I dne y trou ble is »1-
S?lL\ i)\\ \\ w L ' owed t0 a dvance tha
•^v =- v| vj y gy kidney-poisoned
\£^v~ -^t^N. * " bl° od "iM attack tho
vital organs or tho
kidneys themselves break down and wasto
away cell by eel!.
Bladder troubles most always result from
a derangement of the kidneys and a cure is
obtained quickest by a proper treatment of
the kidneys. If you are feeling badly you
can make no mistake by taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and
bladder remedy.
It corrects inability to hold urine and scald-
ing pain in passing- it, and overcomes that
unpleasant necessity of being compelled to
go often during the day. and to get up many
times during the night. The mild and tho
extraordinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and sold
by all druggists in fifty-cent and cne-dol!ar
sized bottles. You may fT-'ff""
have a sample bottle of gtjSjSgfcC 3^'JSjgta
this wonderful new dis- li-iyrrTt.'iH jTlHtf^^q
covery and a book that
tells all about it. both Home of Swamp-RooC
sent free by mail. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co^
Binghamton, N. Y. When writing mention
reading this generous offer In this paper.
NERVELESS,
DELICATE
WOMEN
/Sx Art usually
f^ily women who
- " "~Z£\jV I euffw wlth
s^r^f~\ * 4 those flisor-
(i\ ¦ t^TZk den and
¦i - VI P 1 «^*Sfc, ¦*¦ eaknesses
r fi^Vir^ peculiar to
\ t^S^AJ&V? their sex.
h&&SS£&-J Nervous Ex-
\>&¥V1|' haurtlon and
6\/r-**ir£Z~ 7 - Female
•£-* V? are, Intl-
V rVlio** ¦% mately as-
°/W\^t t£&P soclated.
fysfflfZcttj}^!^- Worn en- a
& flfoS OjiOv*' I \'\. vSr have be«n
Wttfr' 0 Vii^ ' V>7 m a terfa^y
B,* YrS? y/fi&si 'I for hud-
C|\\L^T^y -gfrev , J YAX Rives
the nerves
ttjm&^&P^ \ an<^ nerve
Vrt^r^^n ,v \ < centers, ar.d
Srt (K V \ * to th< * deI -
!*&,: "»J * \ Icate mater-
f/r V nal organ-
ism &s well.
ICerr-elMs women are usually pale. weak,
emaciated, nervous, irritable and excitable.
HUDYAN"' cures puch conditions. Nerveless
women upually puffer with pain In back, palit
over jMomen, drarsln* pains, bearing-down
f filing: headaches dizziness, loss of appetite.'
Elek Ftcir.ach. HUDYAN affords prompt relief.
flUDYAX curca those excessive mucous dis-
charg-es, chronic Inflammation or ulceration of
uterus 'painful disorder?, and all other compli-
cations peculiar to women. Fitpires X. 2. J. 4.
E 6, " rhow points of weakness when women
f'uffer with nervous exhaustion complicated
with female weakness.
HI'DTAN Is a boon to women, for It bring*
absolute comfort, also rosy cheeks and a gen-
eral g-low of health.
Get HUDYAN from your druggist— 60c a
package, six packages ti £0. If he does not
keepit send direct to HUDYAN REMEDY CO..
corner Stockton. Ellis and Market sts.. San
Francisco. Cal.
¦g, * Con sol t Free tbo
j CONSULT I Kudyan Doctors. Call
FREE. | of> wp j te to t hem.
? "*" "*" " m X
I H Natural Mineral Water?
? /^~A kn o*r° t*r centuries end 4
V /<'f?V» Imported q
O £&Pk 0NLY IN BOTTLES, t
£ !!rc*£^ * 0T Bartered Stomach I
5 &-^I.T-^ Its *•=!«• has been ts*ti- O
o liSSSa^iSS flefl to fc y sijouaandsk. ?
? V1CW SO-celled Vichy in Sy. ?
C -*~;&»y < T- phens i
S ?0?£ti' IS N0T VICHY. >
? ' ijHjjil Get the Genuine 4
??2.-Ljif-ffc- Your phr?!c'.an O
? A. VIGSIEE, Distributing Apett J
hm| fHisi P you have an idea that you would like WM
»|| iiiiiniwil to us, and especially now. We are mak- W§
Wm ing sack suits and cutaways to order for $i3-^ogl
$m from the following dressy and durable cloths : ||
!H black chBviot indigo blus serge if
II blue cheviot new light blue serge I
Pis The values are $20.00— -suits made like ours from Hm
|igg equal materials are selling to-day for $20.02 in San Fran- j||gg
jj&fa We will give you samples, which will prove conciu- Jra
glij sively the good quality of materials. Our guarantee s^M
mjgm which protects you, vouches for the making of the suits : Wb
B&q UlUllIuo ncjJl III icjjdl! lice illi Uilc ycdJi £yE§
fHNj Out-of-town orders filled — perfect fit assured through our seff-meas- I?
igMn 718 HiirKQt St. and top. Powoli <ind Eddy. E "'3Take the excursion train to Uklah Sun
day, May 27, at (2 for round trip and see
a million young trout in the fish hatchery
of the California Northwestern Railway.
Leave Tiburon ferry 8:30 a. m. On return
leave l*kiah 5 p. m. Each ticket solo,
guarantees a eeau
Held Again for Burglary.
Arthur Deering, the burglar with an in
genious device for opening spring locks,
was held to answer. by Judge Mogan yes
terday on a charge of burglary In $3000
bonds. He broke Into the lodging-house
of Mrs. Maggie Godshall; Taylor street
and stole a lot of Jewelry. This is the
second charge en which he has been held
within the past two weeks.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Ole
Sweggen against Tillie Sweggen for In
temperance, May A. Sandstrom against
Charles O. Sandstrom for cruelty. Bessie
G. Birdwell against William G. Birdwell
for. failure to provide. Mattie Wilson
against Bernhard Wilson for cruelty and
Minnie Wurthmann against Bernhard
Wurthmann for cruelty.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Mary F. Newman from Albert
Newman for cruelty, Gregorla Urlbe from
Santiago Urlbe for cruelty, Joseph A
Durrenberger from Frankie L. Durrenber
ger for desertion. Alice Wilmore from
William H. Wilmore for willful neglect
and W. B. Hoffmann from Carrie E. Hoff
mann for desertion.
In the Divorce Court.
The followinR orders to the Second
Brigade have been issued for parade on
Memorial day:
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE. NA
TIONAL GUARD OF CALIFORNIA,
SAN FRANCISCO, Cat., May 22, 1000.
General Orders No. 2.— .;
1. This brigade will parade on Memorial day.
Thursday. May 31, 1900. Troop A, Cavalry and
signal corpp. mounted, as escort to the Grand
Army of the Republic.
2. Commanding officers will report with their
respective commands to Colonel Charles Box
ton, grand marshal. New Montgomery and
Market streets, at 9:S0 a. m.
3. The commanding officer. Fifth Infantry
Regiment, will Ibsup the proper orders for the
various companies of his command to partici
pate In the observance of the day. In the re
spective places of their location.
By command of Brigadier General R. H. War
field. J. G. GIESTINO,
Lieut. Col and A. A. Gen. j
The orders read Thursday. May 31. Me
morial day is on Wednesday, May 30.
Memorial I>ay Orders.
DETROIT. May 2S— Detroit 7. Milwaukee 6
BUFFALO. May 23.— Buffalo 6, Kansas City
CLEVELAND, May 23.— Cleveland 5, Chicago
American League Games.
INDIANAPOLIS. May 23. -Indianapolis 6,
Minneapolis 6.
CINCINNATI. May 23.— Rain stopped the
game for a period of twenty minutes on two
occasions In the last half of the third Inning.
Scott found a wet ball difficult to pitch and
six hits and four errors gave New York nine
run?. I>oh«>ny wan wild, but effective. At
tendance. 400. Score:
Cincinnati ••.......¦•....•.•••¦.. 4 6 5
New York 15 17 3
Batteries— Scott. Newton and Wood., Peltr;
Poheny .and Bowerman. Umpire— Emslie.
Batteries— Waddell. Chesbro and Schriver,
Zlmmer; Howell, McGinnity and McGuire'
Umpire— Hurst. *:V"f>;s.'
ST. LOUIS. May 23.— St. Louis was unable to
hit Dtneen. Wallace's Ftnp and throw of Col
lins' grounder in the eighth was the feature.
Attendance. 850. Score:
Clubs— R. H. e.
St. Louis 2 5 1
Boston 3 6 1
Batteries— Voung and Robinson; Dlneen and
Sullivan. Umpire — O"I_>ay.
CHICAGO. May 23.— Plan started out like a
whirlwind to-day, striking out the first two
men up. Philadelphia went to the front at the
Ftart by hard hitting. Griffith steadied after
the third, and from then on was a puzzle,
while Piatt was easy after the fourth. At
tendance, 2S0O. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 5 10 2
Philadelphia 3 10 l
Batteries— Griffith and Chance. Donahue-
Tlatt and McFarland. Umpire— Swartwood.
riTTPBURO, May 23.— The Pittsburgs
knocked Howell off the rubber In the sixth
Inning and won there and then. Waddell was
wild, and was taken out after the fourth Inn
ing. Brooklyn could do-nothing with Cheebro.
Attendance, 2&00. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Plttsburg 8 9 1
Brooklyn 6 5 4
Club»— W. L. Pet. f Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia 17 6 .6S0 St. Louis 13 IS .D20
Brooklyn ...17 10 .e:^ Cincinnati ..11 14 .440
Chicago IS IS .671! New York... 8 17 .32/)
Pittsburg ...15 13 .526 Boston 6 17 .261
While Leaders Are Beaten.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Boston and New York Take Games
TAXL-ENDERS WIN.
Association Requests Auditor, Treas
urer and Supervisors to Use
Money for Original Purpose.
• A formal notice was served yesterday
on the Board of Supervisors, Auditor and
Treasurer by the St. Mary's Park Asso
ciation to refrain from, any attempt to
ward the diversion of the St. Mary's Park
fund of $125,000.
The reasons assigned Include the adop
tion of certain resolutions by the board
to include the $125,000 in the tax levy; the
recommendation In the Mayor's message
that "the outgoing board favored a park
in the neighborhood, which should be pro
vided," and the opinion of the City At
torney that "the $125,000 is the result of a
tax levy made with the object of acquir
ing the property, and that the revenue so
obtained shall be applied to no other use
or purpose."
NOTICE NOT TO DIVERT ;
ST MARY'S PARK FUND
There is an evident desire to make the
organization permanent for the purpose of
having a game protective association
which will meet every year to discuss
matters of interest arising between ses
sions of Legislatures. The present meet
ing will last three or four days.
These gentlemen and those invited by
th* commission will make up the largest
convention of its kind ever held west of
the Mississippi. Prominent among those
In attendance will be Professor David
Starr Jordan of Stanford. Professor
George C Edwards of the University of
California and Professor L. J,oomls of the
Academy of Sciences. Alex C. Vogelsang,
president of the Fish Commission, will
call the meeting to order. Prominent
among those mentioned for chairman are
Judge C. N. Post, Deputy Attorney Gen
eral, of Sacramento; Judge J. W. Hughes
of Sacramento, and Hon. T. J. Sherwood,
editor of the Marysville Democrat. The
latter, while a member of the Legislature
years ago, was the first to Introduce a
bill for the protection of game In this
State.
San Francisco— William B. Kittle, John Stack.
Santa Clara— Senator <". M. Shfirtridpe of San
Jose and \V. C. H^nnott of Gllroy. San Mateo
— George P. Schaeffer of Halfmoon Bay and
William H. Hanson of Redwood City. Mendo
clno—Luther Baechtel and Donald Ross. Napa
— F. W. Burk and William West. San Dieeo—
Judge A. I>. Jordan and F. H. Naylor. El
Doradn-Hon. Charles A. Swisler. Madera —
Wililam Hughes and A. Griffin. Freyno— W. C.
Kennedy and S. C. St. John. Orance— W. H.
Barnham of Orange and K. K. B?neh!ey of
Pullerton. Ventura— J. M. Staire.
Sportsmen Interested In the preservation
and protection of the wild game and lish
of the State will assemble to-day at 10
a. m. in the rooms of the Olympic Gun
Club. Kearny street and Union-square
avenue, for the purpose of framing a bill
to be presented to the next legislature.
This convention was called by the mem
bers of the State Game anil Fish Com
mission and invitations were sent to a
large number of sportsmen representing
every section of California. Boards of
Supervisors of each county were asked to
xend delegates. Many have responded,
the commission having received notice of
the following appointments by county
officials:
I>eleg»tes Representing the Various
Counties Will End.avor to Frame
Laws to Reconcile Exist
ing Difficulties.
First State Convention Meets
To-Day in This
City.
SPORTSMEN TO
DISCUSS GAME
PRESERVATION
Three Stakes at Union Park.
Three stakes— a champion, an open and
sne for sapling*, which latter includes ah
greyhounds under one year of age^ — is the
offering made this •reek by Union Park
to tho follower* of coursing. One hun
dred and thirty-three greyhounds in all
vein compete for a total of HIM in prizes.
The draws last night resulted as follows.
Sapling stske. 23 docs— D. E. Wiley's
Burkeis vs. T. Kenney's May Boy; M. Sulli
van's Toss vp. Sterl & Knowleg" Icicle (!mi>.):
Aeneid Kennele' Aethra vs. Aeneid Kennels'
Althea: Ster! A Knowle»' Forry Day vs. p.
3. Reillj-B Early Dawn; G. Watson's F1 Fl vs.
Fterl & Knowles' Little Goldle: W. L. Stevens'
Bermuda vs L Herbst's Resell*: D. E. Wlley I »
Buck ra, J. Rock's Arondale: P. C. Bllck's La
P.*a Souvenir vs. P. C. Blick'a All Glon*: P.
MrUuthiin'i Nance O'Neill ra. R. F. Davle's
'-*.£* Gcdiva; II. Milano's Maura, vs. P. C.
vided at the midweek
Meeting.
»
For the second time within a month a
Cnyhound from the kennel of David
Winders won tho midweek stake yfster
flajr at Union Coursinf? Park, when Ran
dom Aim r^poafd the previous perform
ance of Risky Attempt. The black dog
mot Slelfrhbells in the deciding course
ar.il would have phut her out pointless but
for an accident. The hare was a stronp
one and took the dog? across the field to
the northern fence. Random Aim made
a dash for the hare and brought up with
a crash apainst the fence. Before he
couid get going again Sleighbells scored
2 points. The hare then started dcrwn {he
field and was finally killed near the sllp-
T>er's etand after running one minute and
e!x seconds.
The longest eourne of the day was be
tween Athena and Lexington. After an
undecided course Athena won In one min
•ute and ten seconds.
The favorites were uniformly successful,
the biggest upset being the defeat of
Thornhlll by Lexington at odds of h to 1.
The only other surprise was the defeat of
O'Hara by Minnie Wa Wa at 3 to L
The day was not a pleasant one for
-coursing, as fog settled down on the field
at times during the afternoon, without,
however. Interfering with the coursing.
The detailed results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
J. Carroll'a Red Hind beat P. Dlnsle's Cash
In 4-3; Bartela Brothers' Baron Blood beat
Con<3rey & nought's Flying Crest. 2-0; D.
Winders' Random Aim beat Aeneid Kennel*'
Maid of Erin. *-I; J. P. Thrift'* Tar Hill beat
F. Schou'e Smuggler. 4-2: R. E. de B. Lopeis
Ears, beat P. J. Rellly'e Moonbrieht. &-1; II. A.
Decke!man'« Snapshot beat H. Lynch'* Game
Cock, 6-J; J. Anthony' e Patriot beat J. J. Ken
r.y'B Winning L**sle, 3-1; Barteln Brothers'
IJallroom Belle beat G. Ooette'g The Beaver.
¦32-3; R, E. de B. Lopez's Minnie Wa W» beat
y. Herrin'B St. Elmo, 4-0; J. Keecan's Mlra
Monte beat R. Pringrle'B Kid Kohl, 3-t; Georjre
eharman'B Walt a little beat H. A. Deckel
man's Glen Chloe, €-3; D. Shannon's Safeguard
beat A. JotnFon's Bald Eagle, h-5: «. Abercom
bie'e Victor King beat llartels Brothers' Betfy
Berrow, R-l; R. E. de B. l<npez's Carmencita
beat G. AberonrnMe'R Mies Richmond, 4-1); Pterl
A Knowle«" O'llara beat Pacha Kennels' May
Hemrftead. 2-0; Erwin & I,yon'B Silver Wings
beat £t«»rl & Knowle?' Frosty Morn,. '.-3; J.
ODowd's Fh<vitover l>eat J. Smlth'd Master
Workman. 5-1; II. Lynch'* Emma M beat Con
drey & Rnupht's Royal I/ady, 5-4; W, «;. (llas
«r>n's Fleigh Bells beat «». Sharman's Bowery
Boy. 4-0; Pasha Kennels' Round About beat J.
P. Thrift's Tircl Out, (<-?: Krwin & Lyons' Sil
ver Lyon beat G<v*rgre Burfeind's Pastime. 5-0;
Al. Austin's Thorn.lale.b«-at J. P. Thrift's The
J«rter. S>-3; J. Carroll's Jiluectone beat J. P.
Thrift"? Thoufhtlews Beauty. 11-2; R, E. de B.
Iyor>ez> IMahln beat J. Watkins' Gladiator. 4-0;
H. Lynch'* Islington beat T. i. Cronin'e
Thnrnhill. 2-1; Battel« Brothers Border's Best
a bye. Torrona withdrawn: Pacha Kennels' Rest
Assured beat 3. C Williams' California, 5-0;
Aeneid Kennels' Athena beat T. lAidwlg's Lady
Garnet, c-3.
Second round— Red Hind l#at Baron Blood.
i-1; liandom Aim beat Tar Hill. 10-1; Kara beat
Fnap^hot. 5-?: Patriot heat Ballroom Belle. 7-1;
Minnie Wa AVa beat Mlra Mont«>. fi-0; Wait a
L'.rtie brat PH.fepu?,-i. 4-0; Carmenclta beat Vic
tor King. .VI; o'Hara beat Silver Wings. E-0;
Khootover brat Emma M. "-©; SletKhbells beat
Round About. 3-2; Silver Lyon beat Thorndale
S-f; I)lal)lo iM-at Bluestore. 4-0; I>-xinKton beat
Border's Ut-Ft. S-O; Athena beat Reitt Assured
4-0. ¦,:.
Third round— H3nflom Aim beat Red Hind
E-'i: Sara !>rat Patriot. 3-0; Minnie Wa Wa beat
Wait a I.;ttl». «-2: O'Hnra beat Carmencita.
6-0:'P!e!chl>eiiii »>eat Phootover. 2-0; Silver Lyon
beat Diablo. 5-4; Athena beat I.«exin»rton 4-0-
Fourth round— Randcm Aim beat Sara 4-6-
Kir.nle Wa Wa b»at O'Hara, 3-2; Sleigrnbells
tv>at Silver I-ynn. 4-3; Athena a bye
Fifth round-RnnJom Aim beat Minnie Wa
Wa. 3-2; FlciEhl«-:i»i beat Athena. 3-1.
I>eci''.injr c»)i!r«e-I). Winders' Random Aim
,'St. Ijwrencc-Wee Larsle II) beat W C
Jiia^on's FlcIglib»-llR (Emin Pasha-Joy Bells)'
ditions Good Sport Is Pro-
I>cspite Fog ar.d Other Adverse Con-
David Winders' Greyhound
Wins the Stake at
Union Park.
RANDOM AIM IS
A SURE SHOT ON
A FLYING HARE
The customary midweek stake will be
run to-day at Ingleside Coursing Park.
A total of fifty-six dogs will be in the
running.
Open stake, !>6 doffs— H. A. I>e<-kelman's
Rocker n. J. R. Smith's Jennie Wilson: T.
I-^an's Utea Grizzle vs. T. J. Cronln's l'alsy
l>ale; Curtlfl & Sin's Commodore vs. Captain
I'larkf.n's <JoMe n Garter; F. Schou's Klncs
Borderer vs. Papha Kennel*" Golden Nuclei
<imi>. ): Cttrtta & icon's Candelaria vs. Curtis
& Son's Old Glory; Harrigan & Wlepand?
overtime vs. Captain Clarkson's Headwater;
n. M. KellnKK's Iowa Boy vs. P.artels Urothen?'
Karon Blood: R. EL d<> H. Lopex'a Minnie Wa
W* vf. A. Mafvy's Harilwlst: J H. Perlfro's
Cnntrr.ller vs. Pafha Kennels" Metallic: Bartels
HrotJirrs" i;eer Un?wer vs. H. A. |)wk»lman'e
Glen Chloe; R. K. de B. Lopez's Diablo vs.
T. J. Cronin's .Wild Tralee; Pasha Kennels'
P.ound ANvjt v*. R. Strehl's Three Cheers;
Pasha Kennels" Rest Assured vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb's tfir Pasha; Posha Kennels' Reckless
Archer vf. T. Logan's Hcinor Bright: J. Mar
t*net"s Film vs. Pterl & Knowleg' Rusty Gold;
O. Pharmar.'* Bowery Hoy vs. Pasha Kennels"
May Hem;>st«'a«f; Pterl & Knowles' For Glory
v*. Russell. Allen & Wilson's Julius Caesar;
J. OlViwd's Hho.tover vs. J. Sheridan's Forest
Queen; .t. I.,. Ross' Ju.-=t Tip vs. Aenei.l Ken
nels" Apamemnon: J. I>ean's Lady (.Tare vs.
R. I*. Taylor'* Beauty Spot; Ptrrl & Knowles'
<>!ita vs. Krwin & Icon's Silver f.ynn: E. M.
Kellrgg's KM McCoy vs. Sullivan * Tralnor's
Castle Island Bny; H. Lynch's I^exlngton vs.
Conneil Brothers' St. Helen; J. H. Perlso's
Pennegrant vs. J. p. Thrift's Brutus: J.
Morlarlty's Kittl»-man vs. M. Welsh's Mary
Jane: T. J. Cttmin'a Thnrnhill vs. Curtis &
Son's niarkette; .!. H. Perlgo's Bohe vs. .T. An
thony's Patriot: Maher & Raid's Curie Fuller
vs. J. Hurley's O EC Capitol; R. E. de B. I>,
t*i's Sara vs. Aeneid Kennels" Athena; Rus
i*°ll. Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma vs. W. H.
Harrison's Hot Haste; J. Moriarlty'p Snapper
Garrison vs. .1. G. Hharman's Wait a Little;
.1. E. Chambill's Hot Foot vs. N. P. \Vhltln R 's<
St. Anthony; J. Carroll's Red Hind vs. Conneil
Brothers' Mamy Pleasant: T. Logan's I.«eah vn.
J. L.. Ross" J L. It; T). Winders' Hude Awaken
ing ve. Erwln & Lyons' Silver Wlnzs; J. R.
Smith'* Maple vs. G. Sharman's Walt a Bit;
Condrey & nought's Nellie R v B . Curtis &
Son's Vulcan; F. A. MK."omb'i Little Sister vb.
J. Mtirnane's Wildwood; J. J. Kenney's Win
ning Lassie vs. J. Hurley's Shylock Bov; J.
Martenets Bill Foster vs. J. Sheridan's Forept
Kins; G. Abercromb'e's Rock Island Klnsr vs.
R. E. de B. Lopez's Oawford Prairie; Curtis
* Son's Cavalier vs. P. J. Rellly's Ploughboy;
L>. Winders' Lundln Links (Imp.) vs. J. Dean's
Little Conn; O. Abercromble's Rock Inland Boy
vs. J. Carroll's Auckland: J. P. Thrift's ForKet
vs. R. E. de B. Loper's Carmenclta: H. Lynch' n
little M vs. H. A. Deckelrnan's Snapshot; J.
Hurley's Hurricane vs. J. Carroll's Bluestone;
Curtis & Son's McKlnley vs. D. Winders' Risky
Attempt.
iTiamplon stake. 12 •iojrn— Curtis & Son's
I-uxor vs. J. [Van's Slsquoc: C?. Whitney's
Theron vs. Russell, Allen & Wll«m*» Master
Clalr; E. Geary's Palo Alto vs. Pasha Kennels'
Rural Artist; R. K. d» H. Lodz's Whltehead
v*. <}. \Y. H»!mr'8 Ueirchel's Pride; Curtis &
PtTs Flying Fox vs. E Geary's Ireland; P. J.
Keilly'p Warship ra. Curtis & Son's Xar^lwuf.
PUck's Yellow Tall; J. J. Hurley's Lady IsabH
vs. J. Rocks La Eftrella; P. C Wick's May
IjtiT'iice vc R. p. Julian's JoMe; Strand &
Kllln^er'u Imperious a bye.
Committee Decides to Recommend Or
dinance Taxing Encroachments
on Streets and Sidewalks.
The Supervisors' Committee on License
and Orders decided yesterday to recom
mend for passage McCarthy's ordinance
imposing a license tax upon special privi
leges leading to encroachments upon the
sidewalks and streets. The ordinance
provides that any person, firm or corpor
ation owning any building or other struc
ture which occupies part of or obstructs
the sidewalks or streets or in any manner
prevents the free and uninterrupted use
of the public sidewalks or streets shall
pay a license tax of $4 per year; that on
sklewalk. elevator hatchways, for coal
chutes and similar openings in the side
walk $2 per year shall be the tax; for
steps leading from a building out and
upon the sidewalk $1 per year: for car
riage blocks S3 per year; for railroad sig
nal houses or other signaling devices $Z
per year; for light wells, air shafts In the
sidewalks $2 per foot per year; for news
paper bulletin board, theatrical billboard
or projecting slgrns $2 per foot per year;
for bootblack stands Jl per year:, for
clocks over or upon the sidewalk $4 per
year; for lamps over and upon the side
walk, if they are kept burning all night,
nothing.
The committee also recommended a li
cense of " $10 per quarter on baseball
games. It referred tho matter of licens
ing football games to the Judiciary Com
mittee to determine if the board can im
pose a license of $100 on the annual con
test between the universities.
The license on persons who sell mer
chandise from a stationary wagon or
stand on the public streets was tlxed at
$•> per quarter; a graduated license on
hotel keepers, restaurants or persons en
gaged as caterers of from $3 to $2o0 per
quarter, according to the business done,
was adopted.
The ordinance prohibiting any one from
engaging In the business of house moving
unless qualified to do so and imposing a
license of $f>0 per quarter thereon was
also favorably acted on.
LICENSE ON SPECIAL
PRIVILEGES FAVORED
It has come to the knowledge of Auditor
Wells that certain departments of the
city government are preparing to reduce
the estimated deficit in the city funds by
holding until July demands for bills con
tracted during the. present month and
June. It is then proposed to put a July
date on the demands. In order that they
may bo paid out of the funds appropriat
ed for tho next fiscal year. In this way
an artificial surplus similar to that here
tofore made by carrying over statutory
salaries of June will be created.
Auditor Wells says that if the intention
to carry over bills accruing during the
months of May and June is carried out it
will be a direct violation of a specific
charter provision and that he will per
emptorily refuse to sign any such de
mands of which he may obtain knowl
edge. The section referring to the sub
ject provides among other thln?s that any
demand upon the treasury accruing undor
the charter shall not bo paid, but shall
be forever barred by limitation of time
unless they be presented for payment,
properly audited, within one month after
the demands become due and payable, or
unless it is afterward found that the pres
entation of them at the proper times was
not in the power of the creditors.
"It is -plainly to be seen," said the Au
ditor, "that any bills accruing for goods
or supplies during the months of May and
June, 1900, must be charges against the
funds appropriated for the expenses of
this year only. I can easily see that the
illegal method might saddle claims of pos
sibly $100,000 on the funds appropriated for
the next fiscal year, which would be man
ifestly unfair and would -only result in
forming a nucleus for another deficit next
year."
Auditor Wells Declares the Plan Is
in Direct Violation of Charter
and He Will Firmly
Oppose It.
Depart ments Propose to
Carry Bills Over to Next
Fiscal Year.
ILLEGAL METHOD
OF MEETING THE
CITY'S DEFICIT
•jp=5sROMOTErtS of prizefights and
V^-J) pugriMsts alike. If a decision handed
J£ <Vivv:i by Judge Murasky yesterday
i.« sustained by the Supremo Court,
must turn to other pursuits, or. if they
¦could Ntill ply their bruising vocation,
must search for f.elds of battle without
tho limits of California. Judge Murasky
has declared section 412 of the Penal Code
unconstitutional. It wa? on this section
that puRjIiPts pinne<l their hope to defeat
the ordinance imposing a license of $1000
a year on "domestic incorporated clubs"
and limiting: boxing exhibitions to one
*>ach month. Their with this object
:n view has proved a boomerang, how
ever, for with the fall of section 412 has
come the resurrection of the act of 1393,
which makes prizeftehting; a felony and
as punishment therefor Imposes a line of
from tl'JOO to 55000, or imprisonment for
not less than one year nor more than
throe.
This decision was reached in the action
of the Columbia Athletic Club to restrain
Chief of Police Sullivan from Interfering
vith a. proposed !!ght. the second in a
month. Judge Murasky refused the club
the relief prayed for, and now. until final
."luuiement Is handed down by the Supreme
• "•>urt or the force and effect of the deci
sion is stayed by regular appr-al, pugilists
will place the brand of felony upon them
pelves by entering the arena to battle for
money, fame or prestige. Judge Muras
ky's opinion reads:
The plaintiff seeks to enjoin the defendant
from enforcing a.n ordinance of the Board of
Supervisors regulating sparring exhibition*,
upon the ground that the ordinance is in con-
J5i>~t with the statutes of the State upon the
FL-bject and in therefor* void. Section 412 of
the Fer.al Code permits the giving of sparring
t*x 1 1 •"¦us t> j* inoorj*orat t*<i rlubs u port th^ p^T-—
tfrrmance of certain conditions, such as the
tirenfcymerit of an annual license, to be fixed
by the Hoard of Supervisor* of the county in
which the exhibition is to take pla^e. the at
tendance of a. physician at the exhibition and
the using of jrlovep of a certain welcht.
I am of oj>jnk.n that the ordinance Is in
conflict with the statute; that It prohibits
what the statute permits and discriminates
where the statute <5'<es not. It is contended
by the defendant, however, that section V.I
of the Penal Co-le i 8 ltpelf voM. and that h»
should nnt be restrained by reason of any of
its prm-isiors. The principle that laws must
be general in character and uniform In opera
tion will not be disputed. It Is the statutory
method of declaring the rule which is an es
eer.tlal of our Fvytem of government that no
He Decides That the
State Law Permit
ting Prizefights Is
Unconstitutional.
class shall be privileged. The Legislature shall
n<t grant to any person or class of persons
priviiepef: which, upon the same terms and
under like circumstances, shall not equally be
long to all r-Tsons: nor shall it exempt from
the provisions of the penal law any person or
class of persons unless, under like circum
stances, the exemption applies to all other per
sons.
Th° constitution of the State provides that
"the I>ecis!ature shall not pass local nor spe
cial laws • • • for the punishment of crlm**8
and misdemeanors." "To similar facts under
like eiroumstanres, to persons similarly situ
ated, the law must apply uniformly."
A corporation has no greater privileges than
an individual In wpect to the privileges and
immunities conferred by the law or the acts
which it prohibits, where both corporation and
individual stand in the same relation to the
law and fire in the Fame category. In other
words, an .act that is mad* a crime is a crime
whether committed by an Individual or a cor
poration. Serjir.n 412 draws an insurmountable
distinction between two classes of persons in
the community and punishes one by Imprison
ment in the penitentiary for the commission
of an act which, when done by the other, is
purely Innocent. It provides that "a i^rson
wh'< within this Plate • • • enrages In «
public or private sparrir.c exhibition • • •
shall be guilty of a felony and upon conviction
shall be fined not less than one thousand dol
lars iv, r more than five thousand dollars and
be Imprisoned In the £tat« prison not les-s than
cne year nor more than three years: provided,
however, that sparring exhibitions not to ex
<-eed a limited num>>er of rounds, with gloves
of net less than five ounces each In weight,
may be held by a domestic incorporated club"
upon the prepayment of a certain license ami
the performance of other conditions.
It will be ohserve.1 that the statute first
make? It a felony to h"ld a sparring exhibition
and then i>ermits the giving of such an ex
hibition by a domestic incorporated club which
shall comply with certain conditions. It pro
hibits such an exhibition from b?ing given by
an unincorporated club cr association or by
JUDGE MURASKY DEALS
KNOCKOUT TO PUGILISM
Old Statue Prohibiting
Such Contests De
clared to Be Part of
the Penal Code.
an individual. What, In the flr?t part of the
section. is denied to any "person" in the
t^tate. In the second part is granted to a cer
tain class of i«rsons, namely, domestic in
corporated clubs. If an act be a felony when
done by an individual It must be a felony when
done by a cor]K>ration. The Legislature has
not the power to make a felon of one and a
law-abiding citizen of the other whore both
have committed the sime act. Such a pro
vision is clearly in contravention of article IV.
eectlon 2.-1. of the constitution. If It be a felony
for an unincorporated association to commit
a certain act tho mere incorporating of the.
association cannot make its act an innocent
one. %
The section grants privileges and provides
Immunities from punishment to one ilars of
persons which under the gime circumstances
it withholds from all other classes In the
community and Is therefore void.
It Is the rule that if one portion of a sec
tion may be iWlared unconstitutional and the
remainder constitutional the latter shall stand,
provided that the intent of the Legislature can
be retained. In the section under consideration
it is evident that the Legislature intended not
to prohibit sparring exhibitions entirely, but
to permit them under certain conditions, the
defect being that it does not extend the up-
portunlty of obeying conditions to all person?
¦wishing: to comply therewith. It will he Im
possible to retain fine portion of th<» section
and to strike out another without destroying
the Intent of the lawmaktng body, and under
the circumstances the entire act must be de
clared unconstitutional.
The Invalidity of section 412 restores to the
Ftntute books the act of JR93. which provides
that It shall be unlawful for any person or
persons within this State "to engage In what
is generally known as prizefighting, with or
without gloves, whereby bruising or mnlming
or other serious bodily Injury may result to
the participants." TWore plaintiff may seek
to enjoin the deferdant from Interfering with
it* e>hlbitlon It must show that It does not
purpose to give one In conflict with the act of
ISM. The motion to dissolve the temporary In
junction is granted.
While admitting- that Judpc- Murasky's
decision hap effectually ended the game
of '¦pilzpflKhtins" within the borders of
this State, George I). Collins, who repre-
FPntfd, the plaintiff corporation, contends
that tho decision Is In fact a victory for
the local clubs; as It ends the power of
the Supervisors to interfere with "spar
ring contests," "whereby there is no dan
ger of bruising: or maimlnp." The police,
however, hol-1 a different view. They are
aware of the love of San Francisco's
sporting element for a fiRht anil so, keep
ing in mind the word "may," that quali
flf.s the bruising and maiming section,
they will advance into the arena of bat
tle and end any pugilistic game in which
blood "may" flow or bruise result.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 24, 1900.
JUDGE FRANK J. MURASKY.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LmiLUREj
Every day adds to the list of deaths
attributed to . heart failure. If the
truth were told- the bulk of these
deaths might be written down as due
to stomach failure. "For it is in the
failure of the stomach and other organs
of digestion and nutrition, that "weak"
heart, "weak " lungs, " weak " nerves and
other forms of physicial deterioration
having their beginning. The man whose
stomach is sound, who can digest and
assimilate the food he eats, and so keep
each organ of the body well nourished,
is the man who is least liable to collapse
under the sudden weakness of some
vital organ.
The preservation of health which ' fol-
lows the use of Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery, is chiefly due to the
fact that it perfectly and permanently
cures diseases of the stomach and organs
of digestion . and nutrition, purifies the
blood and increases the blooa supply of
the body. Weak, people will find in this
medicine a sure means of strength.
"I was under doctors' care for quite a time,"
writes Mr. J. p. Kidd, of Parmleysville, Wayne
Co., Ky. "They had almost given me up, and
my suffering- was very great. My pulse was
weak, breatli short and I had severe pains in
back, head and legs. ' Had palpitation of heart,
and for eleven months I was not able to do a
day's wort. I purchased five bottles of Dr. R. V.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery and by the
time the fifth bottle was gone I was a well man."
Dr. Picrce's Pellets regulate the liver. ,
FOR AN OUTING....
VISIT ONE OF THE MANT MINEP.Ali
SPRING RESORT3 ALONG THE
California
Northwestern
Railway Co.
Lessee of SAN "FRANCISCO AN"D NORTH
PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
(THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE OF CALI-
FORNIA.)
Where the Famous Mineral Waters
of the World Are Duplicated.
If yon prefer th« slmpls home llf» of tn»
Ranch, free from fashion's restraints, there
are many in our section from which to choose.
But If you would rather the tent la tomo
chady nook, near a lovely lake, or on th» bank
of some beautiful stream, remember such loca-
tions are > numerous and free of chaxgo.
Call for "VACATION." a little book just
issued by the Company, giving Camphjg Loca-
tions, Hoteln. Mineral Spring Resorts, and »
list of one hundred and sixty-seven Farms and
homes, where Beard for the Summer «»»n bs se-
cured at from $3.00 to tS.OO per week.
Ticket Office. ISO Market itreet (Chronic!*
buUdlcg).
General Office. Mutual Life building, 8aa-
some and California streets. San Francisco.
H. C. WHITINO. I
General Manager.
R. X. RTAX.
General Passenger Agent.
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And . . .
SodaJSprings.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located In the midst of grand and Impresslvs
mountain scenery, with M-.urst Shasta
und the Ctskb for &
background.
FTXE HUNTING AND FISHING.
Unsurpassed cuisine and service and reason-
a>bl» rates.
RAILROAD FARE, round trto. l&dudlns
sleeper both ways. 914.
F»r rate*, terms and' 1 other Information ad-
dress: E. B. PIXLET. Manager.
Care. Pacific Improvement Company.
Crocker Building. San Francisco.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
Th* water* are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gem. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Majmlflcent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
ing. No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. $13 to $14 per week. Tra!n3
leave Third and Townsend streets. 9. F., 9 a.
ra. and 1:45 p. m. daily. Carriages at Gllroy
fir springs. For Illustrated pamphlets art.lr-s'j
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
2"i Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WX3T.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing; Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marina Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and CO UN TUT CMTD>
always open. Oclf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unlqti* ar-
rancements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
OEORQE W. THOMPSON.
Or BAN N rNG tt c£ arket '^ *** **«*«*
m South Spring gt.. Loa Angeles. CaL
SKA fin HOT SPR^as. SONOMA
7^aV**VIVIO County; only i% hour*
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
staging: waters noted for medicinal virtues:
best natural bath In State: grand mountain
•cenery: food trout streams at door: telephone.
telegraph; dally mall and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stages: round trip from
Fan Francisco only J5 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. 13 a day or
tl2 a week. References— Any guest of the past
fl>« years; patmfiaee mrntnntlv Increasing.
J. F. MTXT.RCT7. Proprietor.
The Place fop Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA ME.
vada. near Colfax. on the C. P. R. It. Plain,
quiet retreat: finest sctn^ry. water, mountain
air. fruit and all-the-y ear- round climate tn Cal-
ifornia; Ideal jrrounds and surroundings; en
railroad. 138 miles from San Francisco: 13 a
week: open all year: *end for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.
OPENS MAT 1st. Round Trip. $3 73. Send for
circulars. FREESE St JTJERGENSEN.
Proprietors. City office. 91S Larkln street.
CL illuiNlt IlUIbLo Beautiful g r o' u n d s.
magnificent view and first-class accommoda-
tions. Large sunny rooms. Special rates to
families. Free 'bus meets every train; *5 miles
from San Francisco. Fare. $1 63.
ST- HELENA SANITARIUM. %£&*%
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as being i
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meet.* al!
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Adilres*
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The mos* attractive place In Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boating, bathlncr bowl-
Ing, tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Write for
circular to H. WAMHOLD.
Laurel Dell. Laks County. Cal.
"V/n^PrVISTTF 3n ''» hours from San
* UOLnll 1 L. Francisco, via the «>!g
Oak Flat route. Stage« leave Chines* Station
on llns Sierra R. R. daily. Round trip from
San Francisco 132. For further Information call
or address WJI. J. WTIITK. General A*rat.
630 Market St.. S. F. : telephone Main 3133.
Vk 0 - TOCALOMA, M^
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations; reasonable rates: for famlles and par-
ties: fishing, bathing, beatutlful drives to Bear
Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or Pahl's
shoe store. C4 Kearny st.. S. F.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch. fiv»
miles from Santa Cruz; delUntfu! summer
item* In redwoods: running water: abundance
fruit: good table; terms S3 'M week. Addre**
W. CRANDELL. Santa- Cruz. Cat
GLEN OAKS RANcIT— Nice surroundings:
comfortable rooms: good table; convenient
location. Addresa F. QL'IEN. Glen Ellen. Cal.
CAMPERS— Cabins, platforms, with tents and
camping grounds to let. Address Paradise.
Eastland Postoface.
HIGHLARD SPRINGS
J. CRAIG and H. R. WARNER. Mfcrs.
Swimming Tanks. Bowling Alleys. c r°^^
and Tennis Grounds. Hot and Cold Mineral
Baths. Competent Masseurs. Fln« £•*«£¦•
Hunting Horses and Dogs. Experienced Guides.
GEO. W. WATSON, the famous Hunter and
Fisherman (so many years at nartlett) wtll be
here to welcome his host of frlenas.
OVER 30 MINERAL SPRINGS.
Rates— $19. $12 and $14 per week.
Resident Physician. Advice Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lichted »>*, Electricity.
Hotel and Cottages., lathed and plastered.
COOL ROOMS. Plenty of Shade,-
BEST PAID ORCHESTRA IN LAKE
COUNTY.
nanclnc In Ballroom every evening; Georg-
V. Watscn. Dam-In* Teacher. Tennis and Goir
Tournaments Weekly.
ONLY GOLF LINKS IN LAKE COUNTT.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS HOTEL or
call on U D. CRAIG. 316 Montgomery street.
Highland Pprines M'n* raI r J v ' at ' r - 3 OO** 1 *? 1
OAKLAND PIONEER SODA A\ ATER .CO.,
Thirteenth and Webster greets O«* la "£'
AHREXS. PKIN & BULLWINKLE. 620 Post
strept. Pan Francisco.
For further Information call at Traveler
office. 20 Montgomery St.. Pan Francisco.
The way people
Enjoy themselves at Paso Robles Hot
Springs you would think that all come
for mere pleasure. Many come for the
absolute benefit to be derived from tho
healing, health-giving Hot Mineral Mud.
Sulphur and Hot Sand Baths, as well
as to get away from the winds and logs
of the coast.
Every modern convenience at the ho-
tel New homelike cottages. Rates for
hotel, baths and physician. JW to KM a
week. Ask or write for Illustrated
booklet.
SPECIAL RODND-TRIP REBATE TICXET8.
For further Information apply to
FRANK W. ELY. City Agent.
Tel. Red 2336. 640 Market St.. S. F.
Otto E. Hfntt. Proprittor, P»»o Robles. Cal.
Central California
San Jose is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome in Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Alraaden
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions. reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first-class
In every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" »fflce. 20 Montgomery it., San
Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL, Mgr., San Jose. Cal.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS, Capl t^rL.
'¦ Monter?y County, Cal. — For health, rest,
climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-dats
accommodations: beautiful scenery: profusion
cf flowers; hot soda, sulphur and electric
baths: swimming- tank 30x£0 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing; chil-
dren"* playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
dance hall: larg? hotel and 30 cottages, afford-
ing ipodal accommodations for families; all
Illuminated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
ffr.d streets. San Francisco. 9 a. m. : First and
Broadway. Oakland. 9:10 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad then bv stage over beautiful level road 7
mile* to spring:". Round-trip tlrk«ts. $?. at S.
P office. { 813 Market street. Telephone and
poFtofflee. For Illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther Information address 15. L. PFIRRAULT,
M. D-. proprietor and resident physician.
GO TO
BYRON
' MOT SPRINGS.
It's THE Sanitarium. These Wonderful
Hot Mineral Baths will cur* your Rheu-
, matlsm and Malaria. Addresa
A. BETTENS. Mgr.. Byron Hot PpKS.. Cal.
! Or Lombard & Co., City Agents, room
¦ 30. 36 Geary st.
ROWARDENNAN
IN THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Now open and offering every charm to pleas-
ure and health-seekers. Boating, swimming,
fishing, tennis, croquet, billiards, bowling alley.
polf links, good driving and saddle horses, su-
perior table. Campers" ticket from San Fran-
Cisco, $3.00. Full Information at Traveler office,
to Montgomery et.. or B. DICKINSON, Lessee,
Ben Lomond. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three mile* from Uklah. Mendodno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths: only
place in the world of this class of waters
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal epricg;
accommodations and table first class. Opens
April 15th.
J. A. REDEMETER & CO.. Proprietors.
OK. *•• C (I'DOXXEU'S MINERAL
SPRINGS at Glen Ellen Is the best camping,
picnic and pleasure resort on the Coast. Th«
greatest remedy for lung disease, liver and
etomach complaints, rheumatism and catarrh In
the world; 46 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and S. F. and N. P. R. R. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished;
rent cneap. No fogs nor poison oak at the
park. Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office. 1021U
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health this Is the place to go.
Nothing so good as good
health — no place so full of It as
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
J. Martens, prop.. Bachelor,
Lake County. Cal.
City office. 416 Pine St. Booklet.
INDEPENDENCF I_/\K.E
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate
fine fishing, excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak. no pests. An Ideal spot
for families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June 1. Address MRS. H M
CLEMONS. Virginia City. Nev.
The wellesley,
California and Larkln Sts.. San Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MERRY. Prot)rletre«s.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES.
Will be opened, under new management. May
13. New hotel being built. Flshin*. hunting,
boating and bathing. Address O. WEISMAN.
Laurel Dell P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
THE GEYSERS, -JESS:
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming, tlshlnc.
hunting and livery. Write for pamphlet. L
WERTHEIMEB. Manager.
HOITT'S MENLOPARK.
The beautiful grounds and new buUdtngs At
Holtt's School will open to guests during Jane
and July; good accommodations, excellent table,
reasonable prices. Address IRA G. HOITT.
MfiVTFVKT* open may ut: tnuot
MIM ID TlJl A fruit: help yourself: Illus-
trated circular. THOMAS E. MORGAN. Dutch
Flat. CaL
ADVERTISEMENTS. "
howMnyon
won success,
Why He Stands So High
in the Estimation
of the Fublic.
Why His Remedies Are
Found in Almost
Every Home.
Why the Sa 1 e of fris Cnres Is
More Than Five Times Larger
Than Any Medicines Ever
Offered the Public.
Why Preachers Bless Them, Judges
Commend Them, Doctors In-
dorso Them and the Public
Approves Them.
THE STORY TOLD
!N TEN TRUTHS.
TDIITU Wn I claim was ever
InUIn HUi I. made for Munydn'a
Remedies that has not been fulfilled
to the letter.
T1IITU Hfi 0 Munyon's Remedies
IilUIFl I'iUi L have given to the pub-
lic a new. humane, gentle and effective
treatment; it Is absolutely an Improve-
ment upon the best that could be found
in all Schools.
TDIITU Mn Q N '° cure is offered that
inUIn llUi 0 has not beer, absolutely
tried and tested; Its efficacy thor-
oughly demonstrated.
TRIITU Fiin A Th e cures are the re-
I nil in KOi 4 suit of the study, ex-
periment, investigation and actual
practice of most eminent physicians,
skilled specialists, and learned chem-
ists of two continents.
TDIITU Wn E That which has cost
I nil III llUi 0 thousands of dollars to
eecure is offered to the public for a
few pennies.
TDIITU Wn C Munyon's Remedies are
InUIn HUi 0 easily administered at
home. There is no need to call a doc-
tor. Each cure has plain directions,
which tell you how to use them; every
symptom is plainly described.
TDIITU Wn 7 There Is a separate, cure
InUIn HUi I for each disease; the
remedy is a specific in every case.
TDIITU tin Q The moderate price—
InUIn HUi 0 mostly 25c a vial-
places them within the reach of all.
TDIITU Mft 0 Munyon's Inhaler pro-
InUIll nOi O vides a most rational
and scientific treatment for the cure of
Catarrh and all diseases of the Throat
and Lungs.
TDIITU Hn Ifl Professor Munyon
InUIn RUi IU constantly employs at
his various Medical Institutes a staff,
- . of skilled specialists fcom leading col- j
leges to make examinations and give
advice absolutely free. If you have
an ache or a pain, you are asked to
write PROF. MUNYON. Nothing is
charged for even the most exhaustive
diagnosis.
If you have Rheumatism, take my
Rheumatism Cure.
If you have Dyspepsia, take my Dys-
pepsia Cure.
If you have Kidney Disease, take my
Kidney Cure.
57 cures for 57 ailments. Mostly 2oc a
vial; at all druggists.
Write Prof. Munyon for medical advice
and "Guide to Health," ABSOLUTELY
FREE.
MUNYON H H. R. CO.,
I5O5 Arch Street, Phlledelphia.
We Cure ihe Following Ailments:
Private Diseases Tx>st Manhood.
Varioocele Nervous Debility
Hydrocele Rupture
Madder Diseases Wasting Drains
Kidney Diseases Blood Poison
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists— Established Nearly 20 Tears-
73/ MARKET ST., S. F.
For the Complexion. Indlspensnble for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. At all druEElsts.
THE COTTAGE.
Nine miles from Redwood City, in the heart
of Portola Valley, amone the redwoods.
You can find rest and comfort for a few
weeks during the summer vacation.- Plenty of
fishing and good drives. Terms $6 to $10 per
week. Only a limited amount of room. .
Address JAMES C. BL.Y. P. M.. Portola. Cal.
IDDNCiN SPRINGS HOTEL H^^i
: unequaled soda and magnesia waters. Good
1 for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles.
; Housekeeping cottaires furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. HO WELL., Hopland,
Mendoclno County, Cal.
carlsbAd^,^.
Moet beautiful rpot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, etomacb, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations first
daas: $10 a week; lighted by gas.
W. R. M'QOVKRN. KeUeyvllle. Lake Co.
Near Santa Rosa; among the OAK
Rlncon Hllla; home comforts and «„ « _. _
the best of country life. For OrlADE
circulars address HARRY L. RANCH
J«»N US. Santa Rosa. _________
PLANTATION HOUSE— l?^ 1^^
stag* line. Good trout fishing; plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
J. LUTTR1NGER. Seavlew. Sonoma Co.. or ap-
ply Mil. KRUSE, 207 Front st, for particulars.
V^ALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. First-class table.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water.
Rates $7 up. Send for circular. C. H. \V
BRUNINQ. Santa Rosa, Cal.
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, ¦ bil-
liards, lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly first-
class. For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. Martina.
NAPA SODA SPRINGST
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT
A. DOLLUANN, Napa Soda Springs" P. a
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th« Weekly
'¦¦; Call;; 16 pages, sent to any address i In - the
United States or Canada one yeax for Jl,
postajse paid-Rolled Over an Embankment.
Charles Rhyner, president and manager
of the Oakvllle Wine * Company, had a
narrow escape from death yesterday. He
was drlvinj? from South San Francisco
toward Potrero avenue, and when he
reached Wisconsin street his horse was
frightened by a stream of water which
suddenly shot out of a watering car
standing on the track. The horse took
fright and backed, and both It and the
vehicle were thrown down a steep em
bankment. Mr. Rhyner was hadly bruised
and shaken up. The horse also suffered
and the vehicle was broken. Mr. Rhyner
threatens to sue the railroad company.
Excursion to Puget Sound.
In addition to the excursion trips an
nounced by the Pacific Coast Steamship
Co. per steamer Senator, sailing from
Seattle July 21 to Nome via the inland
passage, extending clear into the Arctic
Ocean, and also in addition to the regular
Southfa?tern Alaska excursions and the
excursions to Nome via the Yukon River,
the Pacinc Coast Steamship Co. now an
nounce that they will sell excursion tick
ets from San Francisco to Victoria, Van
couver, Seattle and other Puget Sound
ports by the company's steamers sailing
regularly every fifth day. These are the
large and splendid steamers Umatilla,
Walla Walla and City of Puebla.
Passengers will be permitted to remain
on board the steamers all the time they
are lying in ports round the Sound and in
British Columbia, which will afford a
splendid opportunity to see those ports
and places, as the steamers remain about
Ion? enough to enable the people to do
up the town and adjacent country.
Time occupied in making the trip about
11 days, about half of which Is spent in
the placid waters of British Columbia
and Puget Sound.
Fare, first class round trip, including
berth and meals, is only $43.
The company's ticket office Is No. 4
New Montgomery street.
Seeks Divorca for Desertion.
OAKLAND. May 23.— Mrs. Elizabeth
Reed filed suit to-day for a divorce from
George Reed. She alleges desertion on
the part oX her husband. The couple were
married in 1SS9.
"When 1 took these women in some time
ago they didn't have a rag on their
backs," declared the irate Engleberg to
the policemen. "Now they have a fur
nished house and eat tenderloin steaks
three times a day. M<! — well. I won't tell
you what I eat. but no tenderloin steaks
are cooked in my frying pan, and I am
supposed to be the main guy of the con
cern, too."
When Engleberg was informed of th*
decision of the police he extinguished the
lights and everybody was forced into the
street temporarily.
Monday night George Engleberg, who
has possession of the charter announcing
that the United Christian church exists
in a manner pleasing to law. called Po
licemen John Davids and Ben Kaskell and
requested that the women be driven from
the place. Mrs. Brown and her daughter
protested against any such proceeding
on the grounds that they were duly ini
tiated members of the church and had as
much right on the premises as any one
else. The policemen reported the matter
to the California-street station, and aftei
due deliberation decided that they could
take no part in the quarrel.
The trouble appears to have resulted
from charges against a Mrs. Brown and
her daugnter, who are employed in in
stilling Christianity into the little sons of
Confucius and Instructing them how to
substitute the English alphabet for the
old Chinese chlrography. Both ladles are
accused of the crime of residing in a
comfortably furnished house and of eat
ing tenderloin steaks. The spirit of jeal
ousy aroused by this report culminated
in a movement to dismiss the high livers
from the schoolroom.
War broke out among the United Chris
tians at 22 Waverley place Monday even
ing, and the assistance of the police was
required to restore order. According to
all parties concerned no armistice has
been declared and the strife has really
just begun. The head of the "Christians,"
instead of conducting a campaign against
sin and the devil, will carry on a crusade
for the ejectment of two women.
George Engleberg Seeks tlie Eject
ment of Mrs. Brown and Her
Daughter and Puts Out
the Lights.
Strife Wages Among United
Christians and Police
Are Summoned.
BEEFSTEAK IS
CAUSE OF TWO
WOMEN'S WOES
Decoration and Illuminations — H. L. Gunz
burger (chairman), R. P. Doolan (vice chair
man), Louis Nonnenmann. Henry Faure, J.
Harris. Frank L. Coombs, Fred Suhr.
Carriage and local transportation — F. P. Wehe
fchalrman). J. J. Harrington (vice chairman),
Henry Kcheper, J. J. McCarthy, E. J. Colvin.
Press— E. Mvron Wolf (chairman), \V. T.
Hess fvlce chairman), James L. Gallagher, J.
J. Lermen, Henry A. Jacobs.
Bulletin— L. B. Mayer 'chairman). L. C. Pis
tolesi (vice chairman). H. T. Shepston.
Souvenir — E. Lastreto (chairman), Flnlay
Cook (vice chairman). C« II. Stanyan, L. F.
liyington, L. H. Mooser.
Naval parade— Charles H. Turner' (chairman),
J. F. Finn (vice chairman). J. A. Devoto, I.
Harris. Jules Kullmann.
Invitations— J. R. Howell (chairman), James
D. Phelan, W. D. Shea, F. H. Dunne. H. G.
W. Dlnkclspiel, P. G. du Py, S. V. Costello.
Native Daughters— Ed J. Taafe (chairman),
F. H. Mills (vice chairman). \V. E. Foley, E.
D. Crowley, J. V. Vizzard.
Pioneers— Thomas E. Curran, James D. Phe
lan, E. W. Levy, F. L. Coombs, H. C. Ges
ford.
S. V. Costello. grand marshal of the
Grand Parlor, stated that the celebration
will be the grandest that has ever been
known In San Francisco— one that will
surpass the celebration of 1890 and the one
given on the return of the California vol
unteers. He said that many of the large
parlors of the interior will take part.
It was decided that meetings of the Joint
committee be held at S o'clock In the
evening; that a quorum shall consist or
fifty members, and that the next meeting
be held June 6 to receive progress reports
from the Fub-commlttees.
The printing committee was Instructed
to secure a design for envelopes and letter
heads. \ - - .
The headquarters of the general com
mittee will be in the Native Sons' build
ing, and those of the sub-committees in
some place to be selected by the commit
tee on halls. -*"
General information — Joseph Rose (chairman),
J. J. Jamison (vice chairman), J. H. Roxburgh,
E. W. Levy, Andrew Mocker.
Reception — J. E. O'Donnell (chairman), Henry
S. Martin (vice chairman), W. D. Shea, George
D. Clark. Henry G. W. Dlnkelsr-iel.
Conference with other organizations — Percy
V. Long (chairman). James L. Gallagher (vice
chairman). John T. Greany. Charles H. Gar
ruute. James P. Dockery. Henry C. Gesford,
WillUm H. Miller.
Regatta — Thomas E. Hearty (chairman), J. P.
Donovan (vice chairman). F. H. Dunne. P.
Dietz. W. J. Donlan, James Hefferman, James
Hoare, J. J. McCarthy. Joseph B. Keenan.
Literary exercises— Uanlel A. Ryan (chalr
manj, John R. Aitken (rice chairman), John
S. Partridge, David Harrison, John Scott,
Charles W. Decker, John Nelson.
Printing— L. M. Barman (chairman), Fred W
Lees (vice chairman), Daniel Harrington J
E. Behan, P. H. Cullen. " '
Badges and regalias— H. S. Spauldlnjr (chair
man), James T. Bailey (vice chairman), E. E.
Girzikowsky. C. E. Fredericks, S. G. Harris
M. Halllnan. E. J. Wren.
Grand ball— Frank H. Kerrigan (chairman)
J. A. Devoto (vice chairman). David Wilson
F. H. Mills, J. C. Martin, Walter Collier, H.
Lunstedt.
Music— L,. H. Kohn (chairman), W. W. Shan
non (vice chairman). M. A. Doro, T. B Mc-
Ginnis. R. H. Hession.
Parade— John H. Grady (chairman), T. H.
Vivian (vice chairman), Edward L. Rlttore
J. R. Howell. W. E. McCreery, J. W. Lewi.-'
W. C. Miller.
Excursion— J. J. Handle)- (chairman). L. J.
Aubert (vic* chairman), Georre Alferltz
Charles E. Torres, P. J. Curtis, W. W. San
derron, A. Nlckle.
Entertainment— E. E. Fisher (chairman), R.
H. Andrews ivice chairman), Donrel Stoney
H. F. Linkenday, E. Lastretto, R. D. Barton,
W. M. Abbott.
Auditing— J. B. Keenan (chairman). William
E. Poley (vice chairman), James O'Gara E.
w. Levy. Andrew Mocker.
Halls and headquarters — John Porcher (chair
man). Charles A. Bol.iemann (vice chairman)
Krank BraKp. F. aiordecai. C. B. Fenn.
Hotels and accommodations— H. I. Mulcrevy
(chairman), E. P. E. Troy (vice chairman),
W. M. Uruwn. (National). John A. Steinbach
"VV. a. King, J. Ellison. John E. Henninz E
P. Eagan. \V. E. Foley. M. J. Sheehan Henrv
Edwards. A. \V. Borchers.
The Joint S>th of September committee
of the Native Sons of the Golden West
that will arrange for the semi-centennial
of the admission of California Into the
Union held a meeting last nl^ht in Shasta
Hall, Native Sons' building.
The committee on order of business—
Henry Lunstedt, James L. Gallagher, S.
V. Costello. L. F. Byington and F. H.
Kerrigan— presented a report, which was
adopted. It recommends that the follow
ing: additional committees be appointed:
Pioneers, Native Daughters, general in
formation and naval parade.
The chairman announced the following
committees ;
the Arrangements for the Fes
tival on September 9 Are
Named.
The Committees That Are to Make
CALIFORNIA'S
JUBILEE YEAR
CELEBRATION
? —
Native Sons Preparing for a
Monster Display on Ad
mission Day.
Bierwirth's Fourth. Trial.
Albert Hit rwirth. charged with the mur
cer of Arthur Brown; was placed on trial
for the fourth time yesterday. Bierwirth
struck Brown on th<? head with a police
club in a Uov. ard-streot hotel on the early
moinins cf Xovomlur 20. JS9S. Brown (ii^d
from the injury and his slayer pleaded
Folf-defenso.
COLONEL BADEN-POWELL, the
man who is England's idol for the
hour, has an aunt lU-ing- at 1103 Fil
bert street, in this city. Her name
is Mrs. Marguerite M. Reed, a sister of
Eaden-Powell's father. She left her home
In MorRanshire. South Wales, for Califor
nia in 1S^3. Here Fhe met and married
Samuel B. Reed, who was well known in
Marguerite M. Reed, Blood Relative of Baden-Powell.
AUNT OF MAFEKING
HERO RESIDES HERE
Suspicion of Mayor Phelan's tax-eating
city government loomed up conspicuously
at the meeting of the Supervisors yester
day afternoon. The board met to take
pervisors That They Shall Be
Given Hearing.
Improvement Clubs Promised by Su-
DEMAND A SQUARE BUDGET.
THE usual serenity of the annual
meeting of the Merchants' Associa
tion, at Academy of Sciences Hall
last night, was disturbed by the ap
pearance of a committee from the Mis
sion Federation Clubs, with a request
amounting almost to a demand, that the
association do something to force the
Phelan administration to keep its pledge
for an economical city government. A.
S. Lillie headed the committee, and was
ably supported by Gustav Schnee and
George Center who made forcible
speeches against the reckless extrava
gance of the Phelan government.
"When our clubs were asked by this
association to support Phelan and the
new charter," said Lillie, "we were prom
ised, lirst a.nd foremost, an economical
government. We have derived some bene
iits from the charter, such as the merit
system in selecting municipal employes
and home rule, but we fail to tind any
economy in the new administration.- In
fact, it is the most costly that we have
ever had. Under the old system we al
ways came out with a balance on the
credit side of our ledger, but now only
a deticit stares us in the face. A month
ago our organization sent a communica
tion to your association asking for an in
vestigation into the flagrant extravagance
now being practiced at the City Hall. We
would like to know what has been done
in the matter. We need public improve
ments, and were promised them under
this administration, but how can we get
them out of a deficit?"
Chairman Frank J. Symmes assured the
committee that the association would
take the matter up, and at all tlmea act
in good faith.
Director Hugo Rothschild explained
that the association had been asked last
year by Mayor Phelan to figure on the
tax levy, and that a committee of fifty
five members had spent much time in ar
ranging one. When it was presented no
attention was paid to It by the Supervis
ors. This year no such request had been
received, and the association did not feel
that it could afford the time to again de
vote attention to it.
N. B. Greensfelder moved that the chair
appoint a committee to confer with the
Supervisors' Finance Committee on the
budget now in preparation. A. M. Davis
suggested that it would be the proper
thing for the members of the Mission
Federation to try their hand at preparing
a tax levy, embodying their views.
George Center said it would take too
much time.
After some discussion the Mission com
mittee agreed to appoint a committee to
examine the budget and make a report on
it to the association, the latter body then
to act. A motion embodying this idea
was substituted for that of Mr. Greens
felder and passed by the association.
President Dohrmann and Vice President
Baldwin being out of town. Treasurei
Frank J. Symmes was voted into the
chair when the association met last night.
Secretary J. Richard Freud read the an
nual report of the directors, which show
ed what the association had accomplished
during the past twelve months and what
it had in contemplation.
The following board of directors for the
ensuing term, regularly nominated by the
nominating committee, was elected:
A. S. Baldwin. C. S. Benedict, Charles Bund
schu. Foster P. Cole, Andrew M. Davis. F.
W, Dohrmann. Joseph D. Grant, Marshal Hale,
Huso D. Keil. A. J. McNIcoll. Edward H.
Mitchell. Edward B. Pond. \V. P. Redtnston.
Ituio Rothschild, Frank J. Symmes.
A resolution was adopted* asking the
Board of Public Works to proceed with
the sprinkling of the principal streets of
the city, commencing at the beginning of
the new fiscal year, and that the Board
of Supervisors make sufficient appropria
tion in the tax levy to perform the *rork.
Percy Beamish offered a resolution,
which was passed, requesting the heads
of each department in the classified civil
service of the city government to com
ply with the organic law of San Francisco
and to faithfully observe the municipal
platforms upon which they were elected,
pledging them explicitly to carry out in
both letter and spirit the civil service pro
visions of the charter.
Secretary Freud read an interesting
paper on the "Merit System," and Civil
Service Commissioner P. H. McCarthy,
upon the Invitation of the chair, spoke on
the same subject.
steps preliminary to the preparation of a
municipal budget for the coming fiscal
year, and the estimates prepared by the
Auditor were before it.
George L.. Center, representing the Fed
eration of Mission Improvement Clubs,
addressed the board and said that the
meeting then in progresa was not such a3
the charter contemplated. There was no
budget before the Supervisors, he said,
only the Auditor's figures. Nothing coula
be done in the way of making suggestions
for the amendment of the budget until
i after the Finance Committee should have
Its report completed, for there would be
no budget to consider until that time, Mr.
Center contended. The Auditor's figures
might not be accepted by the Finance
Committee, he said. In mat case what
might be said at the meeting in progress
I would not be applicable to tne budget as
i prepared for final consideration.
Mayor Phelan said that if the taxpayers
had any objections to submit they might
be incorporated in the report of the
Finance Committee.
Mr. Center was still not satisfied that
the proper time for the hearing of the
taxpayers had arrived.
Supervisor Tobin interposed the sugges
tion that the Finance Committee would
welcome the assistance of the taxpayers
and that there would be other meetings.
Upon this assurance Mr. Center withdrew
his objection.
C F. Klmball. representing the Nuevo
Potrero Improvement Club, protested
against the proceedings. Before he had
gone far the Mayor interrupted him sev
eral times, but Kimball persisted in being
heard. He finally tiled a formal protest.
Mayor Phelan tried to pin Klmball down
to a statement of just what those he rep
resented would wish. Kimball said that
he did not know what was relevant until
he had seen the budget.
"Where is this budget that we were in
vited here to discuss?" he asked. "We
do not see one."
Different improvement club representa
tives asked for many Improvements. Gus
tav Schnee said his club wanted a bridge
on McGill street over the railroad track,
to cost I16,0<»; a culvert under the railroad
tracks on Diamond street, to cost $2500;
srhoolhouses in the Sunnyslde, Mission,
Five Mile and Bergerot districts, to cost
$167,50(1: fire-engine house in Eureka Val
ley, schoolhouse in Eureka Vall^v, fire,
engine house in the New Potrero district,
iire-engine house in the Sunnyslde dis
trict.
George R. Fletcher asked that $5000
might be provided for the sidewalking and
paving with basalt of the south side of
Fulton street from Stanyan to the en
trance to the park near First avenue; and
that twenty electric lamps be given to the
Richmond district.
J. H. Bloom wished provision made for
the extension of the sewer on Potrero av.
enue along Twenty-fifth street to Army,
at a cost of $5000, and Charles YV. Pope
asked that the appropriation of $30,000 for
the improvement of Trocadero Gulch be
restored to the budget.
W. E. Dubois asked for $20,000 for pre
liminary work on the Market-street grade
and for $3000 for other work in his section.
J. J. Lynch urged the repaving of Fourth
street between Howard and Bryant. Ed
gar Painter of the North Central Im
provement Club asked for the repaving
of the business streets in the wholesale
section, estimating the cost at about
$100,000. D. Kelly requested the repaving
of three blocks on Valencia street be
tween Nineteenth and Twenty-second, at
a cost of about $2500 per block.
The board will consider the budget
again next Monday.
Phelan's Army of Taxeaters Will Be Compelled
if Possible to Give Taxpayers Something
Besides a Big Salary List.
Merchants' Association Called
Upon to Check Municipal
Extravagance.
MISSION CLUBS
DEMAND ECONOMY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, M AY 24, 1900.
5
this city. He was in the employ of the
Federal Government in this city for twen
ty years. Mrs. Reed is a petite, dark
eyed woman, with snow-white hair and
a cheery, unassuming manner. The honor
of being aunt to Britain's hero seems to
rest lightly upon her. She is almost an
American now. for six American boys and
girls call her "mother."
THE occurrences of yesterday augur badly for the taxeaters
of the Phelanized municipal government. In the afternoon,
when an intention was suspected on the part of the taxeat
ers to trick the taxpayers out of a chance to criticize the budget
after it has been prepared for submission by the Finance Com
mittee to the Supervisors, and especially to shut out ths investiga
tions of the members of the improvement clubs, who have been
sharply inquiring into the wild extravagance at the City Sail,
two members of the clubs protested. . They would not be satisfied
until they received assurance that they should have ample oppor
tunity to subject the proposed budget, at the proper time, to the
closest scrutiny and criticism. Last evening the matter of official
extravagance was brought up at the annual meeting of the Mer
chants' Association in the Academy of Sciences Hall. Reckless
ness in the expenditure of municipal funds by the payment of
salaries to needless and superfluous officials was a leading theme
for discussion.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
wharf. San Francisco:
fra&»^_ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
K^^fafc^ May II. 26. 31. June a. Chan*»
TO^PT^aBt^ to company's steamers at
¦jFVjSS VH'l For Victoria. Vanrouv»r <U.
f»fc»v p^iemii 1 C). Port Tcwnj'nd. Seattle.
r^^ffiaSl&iA Taecma. Everett. Ar.acortes
nnd New Whatrom (Wash.)-
11 a. m.. May 21. 26. 31. Jun»
6. and every fifth day thereafter: change at
Seattle to this company's nteamers for Alaska
and O N. Ry. : at Taeoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— lft a. m.. May
IS. 23. 23. June 2. and every fifth day there-
after.
For Panta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Lnls Oblspo). Qaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Ea«t San Pedro (Los An*ele*) and Nevport-
9 a. m.. May 19. 23. 27. 31, June *. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For. San Die^o. stoppinjr only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anjceles and R»dondo (Los Anireles)— 11 a.
m.. May 17. 21. 25. 29. June 2. and every fourth
dav thereafter.
For En^enada. Mnsrdalena Bay. San Jose «1M
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. I.A Paz. Santa Rosalia,
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. ra.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company' »
folders.
¦ The comnanv reserves the rirht . to rhanr*
rtenmers. falllne rtates and hours of sailing
without nrevlon* notice.
TICKET OPP'CE-4 Xew Montgomery
street fPnlace Hotel). •
GOODALL. PFRKINS * CO.. tin. Aeent^.
18 Market st.. Bon Frmirl««i.
THE 0. R. ¦•&«, CO.
DIPPATCH FAST RTEAMER3 TO
POBTLAND
Fro»n Pn»ar-street wharf nt 11 a. m.
CADC SI2 First Class Includlnq Berth
rHriL $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
..V.... •. ..........Mar 23. June ?
COLUMBIA SAILS May IS. 28. June 7
Short . line to Walla Walla. Spokane. ' Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to ill points East.
,--.':• E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKXVS * CO..
Superintendents.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MTGAKTEKS'
Positively cored by these
little Pills.
They alsc nclieve Distress from Dyspeprfa,
ladi^estiOT and Too Hearty Eatiag. A per-
fect rcr »x: v tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsf.
ness, Uad Tastcin tbe M™**^ Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Ho^ulax ihe Bowels. Jtoely Vegetable.
Gmaii Pin. Small Dose.
Small Pr!33*
.if"
• Rheumatism,
Kidney Trouble, \
Bladder Ailment, \
Stomach Trouble,
| Female Complaints, \
Catarrh.
\ Nervousness, and
; All Blood Diseases. i
j At Druggists,
t $1 bottle.
U. HALL'S KEIN VIGOR AIOBB^nig
r~:\e i-n^rpd rtwari tor any ySjE*3w
case we caccot cure. Thla eecret pHi B"C
rezcedy (Upi &1! loskes la Si J kj
JiC'jre. ctr-.s L.t.:e£:o.'.s, Imp*;.- Kg g^j
lency. Varicocele. Oonorrhoe*. 5?* Rvn
Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost *Jl± liX
ti an hood fer.J oii waiting efTect" 'Xyii t&~
at «elf-abufc« cr excesses. Kent LxaSSStaU
sealed ti bottle: 3 bcttles. Si: guaranteed to
cure any case. Addrrcs HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
KTITUTE. Ki3 Broadwar. Oakland. CaL Also
for eale at 1C73H Market et.. B. F. All prlvat*
eieea&ea golcfcly cured. Send for free book.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OLR GOLD D3ED0INQ PUMPS
t/flArU Were fuccessful at Nome last
l\l\Ul7n >esr. AH ethers failed. In opera-
tlori daily. 9 Stevenson Bt.. S. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In operation daily, C23 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
DREDGING FUMPS. 1
DsT c*ntrlfUKal puzr.pt «re eclng to Cape None.
• re you? Better buy one; Just the pomp for
rr«v«-l: ha« lnterchar.geab'.e parts. W. T.
GARRATT Sc CO.. ccr. Fremont and Nntom*.
DWEOaiVQ POMPSJ
"Ml. Gaii^llre. Steam Holists. Centrifujtal Puaips,
Er^ir.^&IJollers. IlendyMach.W'kJi.. 40 Fremont.
COLD SEPARATOR. 1 ;..
Eureka f>riarater srd Amalgamator; pan mo-
t!cn: In or*-ratlcn 2Z Tieale st.
In stock. Ptfam. pav »ra«ollne: full line; nifrs.
pri^s. .Arr.ertran "frs. Afsn., 29 FVernont.
SLUICE BOXFS.
(::•'*;>• ch«n-.rlon FluSee eaves Bold: competl-
tion in\-ltt-d. 1TS3 Uth tt.. corner Guerrero.
SJLVE^-T'LATED /MALGAM PLATf-S.
F. W. BELL. Central I':atlrig Wcrks. S^ Mis-
fclcn ft.. S. F. Phor.e Jt-ssle 201.
TANKS.
TANKS— Parific Tank Co.. manufacturer*. 35
Beal» nt. P. F.: I4S E. M ft.. IvO« AnteleB.
TF- * TS.
rnNTF. T»nt«. T«-r.t». AwniriRj and Cox-ers.
F. THOMS. 11«> Mission ft . Phone Howard 933.
PORTAKL 1 -:
CUnN*HAM-STANDF.FORD CO.. Washington
andirt et*.. Oakland, cr Builders' Ex.. 3. F.
GROCERIES.
IP.OCERIES. provlslor.s. U-ntf. packed, shipped
free. SHARBORO & CO.. 621 Montgomery.
MEDICINE CASES.
FERBY DEUG CO 8 JSSfiJ-^.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THE WILD GOOSE MINING AND
TRADING COMPANY
Will Dispatch the Fast and Commodious Iron
Steamship
"CHARLES D. LANE"
(2700 tons burden)
~"\ WARREN. Master^
....FOR....
VIA SEATTLE.
WILL POSITIVELY SAIL
THURSDAY, NOON, MAY 24.
Receives freight up to 5 p. m. 23d lust.
For tickets and information apply at rocm 8.
22 Market st.
CHARLES CONKLIN. 667 Market st
J. G. McCALL. £06 Market ft
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
feNome
"¦•31 DIRECT.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
Will sail from Seattle and Taeoma June 21.
July 21 and August 27. • The SENATOR, gall?
Ing July 21. will make an Excursion Trip via
the Inland passage, and after landing at Nome
will continue north thro' the Behrlng Straits.
past East Cape on the Siberian coast, crossing
the Arctic Circle, passing; Into the Arctic
Ocean. Passengers are advised to Inspect the
Senator before purchasing tickets via other
steamers, as her second-class and steerage ac-
commodations are superior to th» first-class
accommodations on most of the steamers ad-
vertised for Nome. The Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co. has been running Its steamers to
Alaska — winter and summer— for 23 years and
Is the Pioneer Pacific Coast Line. For further
information Inquire of J. F. TROWBRIDGE.
Ocean Dock, Seattle, Wash.: N. POSTON. 213
Washington St.. Portland. Or.; W. PARRI3.
124 West Second st.. Los Angeles. Cal. : GOOD-
ALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.. 10 Market
st. TICKET OFFICE— J New Montgomery st..
San Francisco.
ffi®k Valencia
\J ~^\ FOR
Cape Nome
LEAVING
SAN FRANCISCO MAY 26
SEATTLE MAY 31
SECOND TRIP.
LEAVES SEATTLE JULY 3
FIRST-CLASS LIGHTERAGE FACILITIES
AT NOME.
For passenger and freight rate* apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.,
SO California St., S. F.
313 1st Ave. South, Seattle.
TNE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
WILL DISPATCH FROM SAN FRANCISCO
DIRECT FOR NOME
The well-known "Alaeka Flyer" and most
popular beat in the Alaska service.
S. S. HUMBOLDT.
POSITIVE SAILING
WEDNESDAY MAT 30
FROM STEUART STREET WHARF at 3
O'CLOCK P. M. SHARP.
Bookings now being made for second sailing
S. S. ZEALANDIA.
For freight and passenger rates apply at
office . :
Tfte ALASKA EXPLORATION CO. , 139 Post St.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Alaska
Commercial Company
Will Dispatch From San Francisco Direct for
St. MichaeS
THE FIRST-CLAS3
S. S. SAN JOSE
SAILING
SATURDAY, JUNE 2d,
AT 2 P. 3t
TOR RATES APPLY TO
ALASKA
COMMERCIAL COMPANY
310 SANSOME STREET.
AMERICAN LINE. ~
KiW TORS. 80CTHAKPT03. L0KD03. PARI3L
Stopplnsr at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, it) a. m.
St. Louis May 23! St. 'Louis June 11
N>w York May 30 1 New Tork June ?1
St. Paul June 8, St. Paul June 27
RED STA^ LINE.
New Yor!< arjd Antwsr-j.
Frorfl New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Westernland ...May H! Frie«!and Jane- 1.1
Kensington May 3* Southward June ?'>
Xoordland June S Westernland ...Juna '7
LA1PIRE LINE.
S. S. "OHIO." from Seattle to Nome and St
Michael May 2Uh. Subsequent sailings frorn
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael and Yuk^n River
Potnie. June JO. July 31. August 3a. For ratii
and oth»r information arrjly to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
30 Montprimery Street.
toyOiseFkaisha.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COH-
n»r First and Urannan streets,' 1 p m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kob? iHiogo). NaKasaki and Shanghai anj
connecting at HonKkong with steamera for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sallln?.
SS. HONGKONG MART*
Thursday. June 14, ijoo
SS. NIPPON MARC Tuesday. July 10 1900
SS. AMERICA MARC,
Friday. August 3.'l3CO
\ la Honolulu.
Round trtr> tickets at reduced rates. For
frpl«rht and passes* apply at company's office.
421 Market str«»t. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General A«rent.
ICXPAHXIZ tlNIBALE TBAMSATLiaTiaai
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^s~,
batilr.* every Thursday Instead cf
Saturday, from November 2. 1^39. at •^• te >r«i^»»
10 a. m.. from Pier 41. North Klvtr. foot of
Morton «t. L'AQUITAINE. May 21: LA TOU-
RAINE. May 31; LA BRETAGNE. June 7; LA
LORRAINE. June 14. First class to Havra.
Ud and upward: S per cent reduction on rcund
trip. Second class to Havre. $43; 5 per cenc
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3J
Broadway (Hudson bulldlnc). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
comery avenue. San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN <
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON!. CHERBOURG
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND H \lf-
BURG. ALSO NEW TOhX TO CHERBOURtf
AND HAMBURG.
For Salllnjr. etc.. Applv ti
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINK. S7 IVJWr, n. Y.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved If secured before departure.
HERZOO & CO.. Gen. A«s. for Pacific Coast.
431 California St.. com»r Sansome. S. F.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HO!TOT.rT.C, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNKY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only>
Wednesday. May SO. 1900. S p. ra.
S. S. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to N>w Zea-
land and Australia. ...Wed.. June 13. i p. m.
2. u. oPrtcCKELa & D..O3.C0.. mgu.. H n«ontiom?rj
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Frei s htt>fiic?.327 Mjrket H.
COSMOS UNE^ai!
¦ ., SSHAPI3 .4OCO Tonai
3Ion*Ulj- ¦alltnc f3r Valparaiso and Qtrntmn |
Tlaliexloai>porta.On:ral,SocclxAaerlc3,etc. |
S.S. Luxor. <£C0 tons, calls about June 3 .
LD.srRKrXKUt * BROS. CO. » f «.t.. ill n«at f( »>jrySiJ
n». *» ; i r»lib< Offlr*. Xtt Sarirt »>.. *<w trmt <*m j
BAY ANl- RIVER STEAlttEBS.
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AND YALLEJQ,
Steamer "MonticeUo."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Tburs. ttnd Sat. at 9:4J
a. m.: 5:15. 8:30 P. m. (ex. Thurs. ntgat); F r |.
(lays. 1p.m. and 8:33: Sunday*. 10:30 a, m,. 3 .
p. m. Landing and office. MUslon-strect Dock.
Pier No 2. Telephone Mala 1323.
FAP.E 50a
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. • :| THE EMPORIUM.
$ «^ i?Q and i**~ <?-^«
% Z)*2.UJ. P^ 6ofld£nRule Bazaar. ior ia/ C*
jf ba 1 l'a^?e e o r r'w^ek5 0r CALIFORNIA'S LARaEST-AMERICVS ORANDEST STORE. ?»So^S2l f *° m
tf— ; ¦ — —
| Men's $20.00 ££ |& Bargain Anothsr forta - r s^^
* BBssck Suits :^ Y§) '^^ Sn #» o « c * n3te rch33e jiif*4>
i ****** -v .-. J3S^ £ y in UOyS enablej the bi; rls'^
| $13.90. <W\ %A suits, " or8 " tffr 5te?k
g We have left cnlv 83 of / J . L|W^>. $5, S6.5O / ydM^A
I these imported BlackU ' / If A %"?. S7 ' S ° v f to f *P a &fW&
$ Clav Worsted StritsSj. l\ , I \ f^ Suits for i 3,95. JT blQ^
g bought at our own - l J/hi ]h\ T f ° r b °" 3 '° 10 **™-™ d * Ml >#S)
J^ price a few weeks ago from a U>f II UP l_J J Ol pretty miXid cheriots, red or j^f i®fcPl
JC'r /'retiring manufacturer. Most /, jr ~~k " y^ green sirges. ta?tefjHy trimmed. rV\L>v
Jfi'-. of them ara in the round- // // /iV absolute y new effects, from one *. vj
If cornsr sack ard cutaway II a I \|\. °^ l^ e es ' m a»ers in Anaric-». f -• | /' ' q)
JC frock styles, althoreh there 1 1 If / \ \ Thursday, Friday and ,, »rlO--=?^—
£ ara a ftw Prince Alberts in // // "1 \ \\ Saturday QCS r '^T "p f f,iP^^^**'
k' sizes 34 to 38 on'y. T.iese 1/ | kl V 5>*5*i?S * £ -^ 0^
K garments ara handsome y jj LL I K \ f
£> made and lined. A good & I ' \-l ' fffliHj'S &3&tS At $1.35 we sell every day r ha reg-
V mercbent tailor cculd not d&U OT *j& n'ar $1.50 grade of Hat?. Thurss—
*» duplicate them unier ?3> or i-i'). If bought in the regu'ar t * av oniv we cl^ er our e "^" e Htio of
£ way our price would be $ 20. Thursday, Friday and Saturday Men's $1.35 Hits— D:rby> and Fedo-
If these dressy, perfect-fittinj black suits will be sold at ras — black or colors, at one-qnarter off. To- Jay- -*».» m A
$ Thirteen-Ninety. -...:.. a>J«CJg
•f ¦ Second Aisle— Rlsht of Entrance. • . -_ Jt^ __ - _
j g Gun t*ut tons <©it5^
I Cigars and Tobacco. JL a "^^ 8 lni -a -
S la Rosa Espanola A small spe:ial purchase of thi3 * v,,,,^ S & v** f^^.-nL- -^^^^ c^)t\
% Cigars 4 T/cr 25c favorite old brand offered for thU fll nd3om * hne of Llnk WTY^^
6T day only. They are the Puritanos E'Dfcia'es siz.\ 4§ inchss few; n^ Buttons— knot?, plain. s — -
J. long -made by Seidenber? & Co., K9y We3t. Sola every- fancy and ?tocc-et designs —
Sf where "two for a quarter." Our price Thursday " 14 karat, gold filled, per pair. 63 G
* 4 for Twenty-five Gents. g§^^
*i Clear Stand-Rotunda. «=r^^i^' * i '* r VVafC/j FcL— Vv'ith heavily f-o d-
j^ A Tobacco To-day only the very fine English S'ice Caven- jfijg platad backle asd swival — buckles either square,
X Special. dish, put up in neat box and regularly 10c, j|| round, oval or fancy design, regularly
5 2 Boxes for 15c. mm 75c, to-day. ...48c
g* Clear Stand— Rotunda. *^ ** Jewelry Derartmfnt-Hctumia.
Pait* Of GOOtI Fancy leather PaittS A srnal , Iot (STpaim, that's all)
•: O.. MM «* M «# MM «. WOm end? ' button- fastening *-»^ fi^ OO of ft "'"k silk-mixed Ca53imere
5 alfSpe^fCrefS fi#£?ii slide buckles, crossed in IOT &*Sm*&a Panta for men whosa waUta nseaa-
»>" tha back; goo-i-iooking, sub?tintial Suspenders thit can ba are 34 to 42 inches, well ma-fe and perf-ct fitting. Cou'dnat
depended on for servic3. Thursday only at se'.l them under J4.00 if boaght r^gnlirly. Oa speciil sale
$ the very special pric3 m%9G Thursday, Friday and Satur jay, per pair <£O OO
Third Aisle— RiKht of Entrance. £>*>».&<£/
© HERE IS SOMETHING WHICH APPEALS TO EVERY \
® • ' <
• . . ; Mrs. Mary Tillman of 123B San Jose Iffii^Mtk. <
© avenue, San Francisco. suffpn><1 for --iisiSCraBJetikita " *
© several year?! from rheumatism and '¦a^a^^-^SSqKflHS'JL <
© grneral debility, usinp: medicines and /^M^l^^^^s^ ¦ *
© other things with no good effects. '^S^W^^^^wit ".<
© She then tried Dr. McLaughltn's , ->-f ¦ ¦If^SwBK JAR . v^
© Klectric Belt, and this, she adds, *JW~>*^**iiEffiIH.I ' : <
© "in one week entirely relieved all my JfsSfv V) '\\ 'mSS «&* '^SSJeSp/ •
© pains and I've not suffered since." <J2s£sc /« "i*/ # '*i <
% A Special Case— Read It. W^^^^SSi r l\ !
(S> "Your electric IJflt treatment has '} l >W? :^Sk'^ nfc? "*^*i£M/fe> I
q Frr.ooth^d the pains of my coniir.cmcnt. ' \ V&V&l \ jrCtifZlwr/i t
jZ By thn influence of thf current the hourH c c *^ * \^ t W-SXtSi/^kh « "
C of labor were far shorter than usual. C 6».' I \^»C(flW/' {
9 «nd those 'muscles which In these rases c cg. A 4
M are very relaxed stood the strain ol °^0^ I. ••^^sWr §
f^ childbirth more easily than before. Your _^~^*^ "'-• x^v
jf b^lt saved the use of any drugrs and was •S^gsa^i . ri* V^v *
9 the means of a happy delivery."— MRS. V. \^ |
Q J. F. LOYVRY, Agness, Oregon. May 21st. 1 I
2 This testimony is the voice of wis- I
© dom directing you what to do for that i
9 WEAKNESS. MATERNAL, PAIN. X\^<^ *>*>/? t
A BACKACHE, KIDNEY TROUBLE >^\" > ""~— 'J^ V
q - or general fci male iiilmont. My e
| Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Beit i
© Is the grand remedy which will lift a load off your life, free you from an- i
49 jruish and make you joyous in strongr vitality, muscular power and the am- d
0 bitious energy of mind. Call on me or write for my Illustrated .book, free. j
a TV** M A MftT AiiA,Ul!« 702 M»r'«t St. ear Zairay, S. F.; \
% vv. 111. A. IVlcLaugnlin, j^m^." Spriag tnd *"°* i \
•©••••©©••©••©©•••••©••••••••••••••••••••••ojSeveral sections of the State complain of a lack of
labor to handle the fruit crop, but, while there is
something of evil in such a situation, it is a great deal
better than that which prevailed under the Democratic
depression, when there were complaints everywhere
of a lack of .work for those who needed it.
WASHINGTON, May 23.— U. S. Grant o
California arrived , here to-day; M. T
Balrd .and C. J. Wilder. of San ¦ Francisc
are at the Shoreham; W. A. Doyle of Sai
Francisco is at the Arlington, S. B. Cam
well and wife of San Francisco, \V\ c
Caberly of 1 Los Angeles, are at the Re
gent. .¦¦¦-.'
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
NEW YORK, May 23.— John Marsh of
San Francisco is at the Savoy; Colonel J.
B. Stemback. of San Francisco is at the
Imperial; Mrs. Fred Grant of San Diego
is at the Manhattan.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
When General Roberts gets back to England he
will be saved from one temptation which was too
much for Dcwcy— he cannot be enticed to run for
President
Another band of Filipino insurgents has ambushed
a body of American trcops. It begins to look as if
that report sent out by the censor? that the glorious
war v.-as over was a trifle immature.
!Cow thst certain parties have been indicted for per
jury in the Fair will ccsc it is to be hoped the prose
cutions will be thorough and reach al! the parties con
recied with the guilt. Perjury is enc of the crimes
that ought to be very unhealthy in California.
In ? recent iecture a local theosophist deplored the
fact thr.t some people positively decline to cherish
memories of their past life. If that, lecturer knew
something more of the lives of some of our public
r:en ht would find congratulation, not yadness, in
Christian ; scientists at Topeka have sent another
enthusiastic devotee to an early death; Christian
science must cam* with it the inevitable association
of an early 5 death.
The opposition to the renomination of Bryan, has
ceased even in New York, and the party is now get
ting ready for the national convention with air the
quietness of a funeral procession.
The "Democrats" in Havana have. gone into the
sulks on the very verge of a political campaign. They
might learn wisdom from their American prototype,
sulk as much as they .please, but vote as often as
safety will permit.
Ignatius Donnelly has said that if the Lord had
taken an inch off Bryan's jawbone and placed it be
tween his temples he might have been President of
the United States, so it is clear the old fellow doesn't
always talk in cryptograms.
According to the London Chronicle the number of
"war books" made up for the occasion has 'outrun
the demand. One publisher is said to' have been of
fered twenty-five of them in a single week. The mar
ket is glutted with that sort of stuff, and the hack
writers will have to go to hacking at something else.
Orchardists in the neighborhood of Haywards are
complaining that unless white workingmen become
more numerous they will be forced to employ Japan-,
ese chattels. This ought to be the strongest sort of
a hint to white men who want work. The little
brown men are flooding the State with an unwelcome
presence. :-•-
The authorities at San Qucntin have made the in
teresting discovery that "dope," wrapped in news
papers, has been smuggled in to prisoners. It is bet
ter than an even wager that the journals were of the
yellow variety and the convicts will probably insist
that the officers should not believe all they find in the
newspapers.
Prominent and representative leaders in local im
provement clubs have come to the conclusion that
the only "work" performed by the Board of Public
Works is in drawing outrageously extravagant sala
ries. But critics should remember what a halo' of
distinction the board throws around the administra
tion of his Honor, the Mayor. That ought to be work
enough for anybody.
T. L. Read of Readley Is at the Grand.
Judge J. W. Hughes of Sacramento is a
guest at the Lick.
Dr. "W. A. Brewer of San'Mateo Is a
guest at the Palace. • :
C. B. Jilson. the well known mining
man, is at the Grand.
James Seadler. the architect, of Sacra
mento, is at the Grand.
L. T. Hatfleld, a lawyer of Sacramento,
is stopping at the Lick.
E. S. Churchill, a banker of Napa, is
registered at the Palace.
T. J. Field, a well-known banker of
Monterey, is at the Palace. \
G. E. Stickle, a mining man of Angels
Camp, is staying at the Lick.
T. G. Lambert, a business man of Mon
terey, is stopping at the Russ.
"W. H. Perry, a lumber merchant of Los
Angeles, registered at the Lick.
"W. E. Gerber, a well-known merchant
of Sacramento, is at the Palace.
C. B. Luff, a prominent merchant of
Petaluma, is a guest at the Lick.
J. S. W'lndell, a well-known mining man
of Grass Valley, is at the Palace,
Hon. A. P. Catlin, a well-known attor
ney of Sacramento, is at the Lick.
F. D. Chamberlain, general superintend
ent of the Pullman Palace Car Company,
is a guest at the Palace.
Alfred Lawrence, proprietor of the Aus
trallan Brewers' Journal and Wine Trade
Review, is a guest at the Occidental.
S. N. Griffith, who is largely interested
in oil in the south, arrived from Fresno
yesterday and registered at the Occiden
tal. "
E. Chambers, general freight agent of
the Santa Fe at Los Angeles, and John
J. Byrne, general passenger agent, are
registered at the. Palace.
John Schumacher, one of the most pop
ular railroad men In the State, came up
from Los Angeles yesterday and will be
here for a few days. He is stopping at
the Palace,
"William McMurray, head of. th© new
Information bureau of the Southern Pa
cific, reports that this year tho heaviest
travel to the Yosemlte has been experi
enced since the park became popular.
On Friday afternoon about sixty prom
inent local business men will go on an
excursion to Carters, in Tuolumne
County, to visit the big, new sawmill of
the West Side Flume and Lumber Com
pany. A general gala time has been pre
pared, for. The party will leave Oakland
Friday afternoon in a special train of
Pullmans and return here on Sunday.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. *
BODIES OX SHIPBOARD— J. H. 8..
City. How long the body of an individual
dying on a steamer is kept depends upon
tho circumstances. In some cases the
LIVE IN NEW" YORK-S. A. S., San
Rafael. Cal. John D. Rockefeller and
Andrew Carnegie are residents of New
York.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Miss Daisy Putter— I suppose we must
stop playing golf on Sundays now that wa
have a clergyman in the club.
Dick "Whlttlngton— Oh, no: there Is room
for all.-Life.
Dr. Eiegerfa Aneosttxra Bitters. th» cele
brated appetizer and Invigorator of the digest
ive organs, is now used all over the world.
Mrs. Stubb— John, I believe there Is a
robber in the cellar.
Mr. Stubb— Nonsense, Maria; there is
nothinc down there except the gas me
ter.—Chicago News.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It> atTownsend'a.*
The attempt of the Bryanites to make politics out
of their presence is disgusting to every man of sense.
The Boer delegates have presented no diplomatfc
rrcdcntin'f. either at the White House or the State
Department. They have been received and treated
with courtesy, and being men of sense they know that
this Government can do no more for them than it has.
Their real mission here is in win the sympathy of the
jienple into* further help for their sufferers by the
war. This they wiil get and should in abounding
measure.
The Examiner's declaration that "the administra
tion has taken pleasure in snubbing the representa
tives of a brave people in the sight of the world" is
a lie. brazenly told in the hope that it may catch a
few rotes in favor of degrading our national credit
and injuring the swelling industries of the people.
It i« not probable that they asked anybody to be
received on the floor of the Senate. It is not a usual
proceeding for Embassadors to be so received. If
each privilege be extended to them because they are
at war with Great Briiain, what reason could the Ex
r.miner give for r.ot extending it also to Sir Julian
r.ir.r.refr,te. the Embassador of Great Britain? And
then what a Bryan howl would go up!
They have our sympathy, and the money of our
people has been poured o;:t to them. If we were
at-]war with England in 1903 as Franc; was in 1777
they would have more. They would have our alliance
Slid our army and navy would strike England
through then. But we are not at war with Eng
land and have no reason to be. Therefore the Gov
ernment of the Unite! States cannot go a jot beyond
the tender of good offices which it has already made.
This the Boer Embasfadors know, and all the world
knows, except perhaps the Examiner, j which knows
nothing straight.
True it wss not thus, nor are other things thus,
eitlicr. France was thr enemy of England in 1776.
smarting tinder the loss to England of her domain
north of the Ohio River in 176.2, and impelled by
enmity and state policy to join us in a war against
England that would strip her of her American pos
sej'ion*. as she had stripped France. She received
our envoys and she joined her Innd and naval forces
to or.rs. and continued her warfare upon England as
our ally. Had »he owed England no grudge and been
at peace with her the cold shoulder our envoys would
have found in Paris would refrigerate unto this day.
That is history, and no one but a fool, who thinks
the people are fools, wili use the event as an analogue
to the ca?e of the- Boer?.
The Examiner is i-ufferi:ig all the contortions of
confirmed rickets because the Boer Embassadors
were not voted on to the floor of the United States
Senate. It remarks in sorrow and in anger that '.'it
xva« r.ot thu> tha: our envoys were received at the
court of France in the evil dayj of 1776 and 1777."
THE BOER DELEGATES.
THE sympathy of the American people is with
the Dmch republics. That oliicial sympathy at
Washington is the same there is no . doubt.
That the Bryanites are toiling to make domestic poli
tics out of it all is also clear.
I do not believe that there Is a single
instance where a thought is entertained
of avenging wrongs said by some irre
sponsible person to be felt because of the
action I took in performing my duty.
That duty is well known by every soldier
to have been earnestly demanded from
Alcatraz to such an extent as to make the
task of guarding military convicts very
difficult and undesirable. As I was pres
ent myself, all responsibility involved on
me, but I give the greatest credit to the
sentries who were with me for the excel
lent work which they executed on incon
ceivably short notice.
I am sure that this affair has the ap
proval of all who do guard at the Pre
sidio, and iill of whom, should they fail
under similar circumstances to render
proper service, would be threatened im
mediately with a general court-martial.
I trust that this may receive your con
sideration and be inserted at the earliest
opportunity, as it will be sanctioned by
all soldiers and thus will justly defeat the
theory of "boycotting" so erroneously
published. Yours respectfully,
ISAAC S. MARTIN.
Sergeant Troop G. Sixth Cavalry.
Presidio, San Francisco, May 22, 1900.
Editor The Call— Sir: I wish to contra
dict the incorrect statement which ap
peared In one of the morning papers un
der date of May 21, regarding the senti
ments of the soldiers at the Presidio as
the result of what ensued last Friday
(IS), during the attempted escape of gen
eral prisoners who were under my charge.
have as communications of general interest
the oDlnions published In this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
The Call does not hold itself responsible for
SGT. MARTIN'S ANSWER.
FROM every land, o'er every sea.
Thy loyal sons on this great day
Will sing in noble praise of thee,
And join rejoicing In the lay,
"God save the Queen!"
No land too small, no sea too wide
To hold some grateful heart and true
That swells in this glad hour with pride
To Eend this hymn the whole world
through
"God save the Queen!"
In tropic heat, In arctic cold,
On snowclad peak or sunny plain,
Thy flag will proudly be unrolKd
And millions echo this refrain,
"God cave the Queen!"
And we who far from England rest
Secure beneath "Old Glory's" wing.
Would fain our birthday wish attest
And with our countless brethren sing,
"God save the Queen!"
For we have wept for those brave boy*
Of thine who've fallen in the fight
And now with thee our hearts rejoice
To see the triumph of the right,
"God save the Queen!"
The Union Jack in danger's hour
Beside the Stars and Stripes unfurled,
And now we hail thy gracious power
And proudly sing before the world,
"God save the Queen!"
Where e'er we go we find the name,
Victoria, blessed and loved by all
Who honor worth, and truth acclaim
So Lord Almighty, hear this call,
"God save the Queen!"
CHARLES U. MARTIN. Belvedere.
MAY 24, 1900.
about here?" said the visitor to Niagara,
indeed we do," replied the guide; "why
only yesterday there was a Kentucky
colonel here, and as soon as he saw the
rapids he wanted to shpot "em."— Yonkers
Statesman.
THE MINIMUM FARE— C. V., City.
Children under five years of age are not
charged fare on the Oakland ferries when
accompanied by parents , or guardian*.
Children over that age pay full fare. 10
cents, which i3 the minimum rate. When
the single fare was 15 cents children of a
certain age above five were charged half
fare.
THE LATE GENERAL LAWTON— T.
B., Benlcla, Cal. When the late General
Lawton stated that he had a desire to go
to South Africa it waa his intention to re
sign from the army and enter the Boer
army, because there was fighting there.
SELF- FILLING BUCKETS— TV. N. D.,
Pinole. Cal. There are self-filling: buckets
or grabs for discharging coal at the bunk
ers on the Oakland mole and such have
been in use since November, 1S34.
TAX ON GOLD— W. J. S.. City. In 1S?9
the gross yield of gold from mynpachts
in the Transvaal was subjected to a tax
of 2.5 per cent, and on gold other than
from mynpachts the tax was 5 per cent.
THE BEST MAX— Marie. City. Generally
an unmarried man is selected to act aa
"best man" at a wedding, but a married
man can without impropriety fill that
function.
A GOLD DOLLAR— B. J. C, Santa
Rosa, Cal. A gold dollar of 1S54 in per
fect condition commands a premium of
15 cents.
body Is embalmed and kept until the ves
sel reaches Its destination: In other cases
it may b© consigned to the waves a few
hours after death.
MRS. ABRAHAM FISCHER,
"Life is hard," she continued. "Our
women strupgle with the fortitude of
heroines. They never despair. Our men
are fighting for their homes, and right
must triumph in the end.
"Here we want to enlist the sympathies
THURSDAY MAY 24, I9*>
~JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
ri'DLICATION OFri(K..Mnrtet nnd Third. S. K.
Trlrpbonr Main JM5S.
EDITOFIIAL ItOOM*i....^17 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone '.In in 1^74.
Dellrpred *>t Carrier*." 13 t>nt« l'er WceV.
MpkIp Copies. H <>nt<.
Terinm by Mail. In«'1nd5nj? rostnsrn
DAILY CALL, (includinz Banter), one yrar i r > -W
DAILY CALL .iarludl^c Sunday). C months 3.00
r»AILV CALL, ilnclud'ns Sunday*. 3 months l-«0
IWILV CAL!/--i:y fcinelp TJjnth «»•
6C2TOAY CALL One l>ar J M
WEEKLY CA1J.. On? Year LW
All postma»trr« are nntliorlred to receive
¦ aus/'rlptionM.
Simple ccr'-e« *Ij1 lw forwardtS when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadway
C GEORGE KROGNESS,
t/ar.a^er Po-esp Advertising, MarqueUe Sui'ding, Chicago.
il> ::t Dis'.ar.ce Triepbooa "CemraJ ;ei3."l
JTCW YORK CORr.E?rONDEXT:
-C C. CARLTON Herald Squire
NEW TOP.K ItKrUESEXTATIVE:
STEPHEN 3. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fhern:an !5ciaf; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hctel;
.yreaacr.t Ucame; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. B;erUaco. Si Union Square;
Hurray Hill HoteL
WASHINGTON (D. C.i OFFICE Wellington Hots
MORTON I. CRANE, Correspondent.
BItA\rH OFFICKS- -IJT StoCtexnnerT. corner of Cay, op-n
ontil S:S0 o'clc-ck. 300 i:a><-s. or<*n until S:?0 o'clock. «33
MrAUisfr. o;ea until 8:30 o'clock. €15 Lorkln. open until
$:30 o'clock. :&« Mission, r.j>en until 10 o'clock. I2C1 Market.
corner Sixteenth. ci,eu until 9 o'clock. lf>96 Valencia, open
ur.tii 9 o'clock. 10« Eleventh, opcu until 9 o'clock. XV.' cor
ner Til III J ¦ < mill and Ker.tucky, open until 9 o'clock.
f* CHARMIXG Hi.le woman, clever
#1 and observant, and gifted with
[\ much personal magnetism, is Mrs.
I Abraham Fischer, wife of one of
" the delegates from the Orange Free
State. While the delegates have
busted themselves with conferences from
early morning until midnight Mrs. Fisch
er has been quite as busily engaged with
new-found friends. She has been enter
tained at teas and luncheons and Is on
joying her first experience In a far-off
country, while she. as well as her hus
band and his associates, find warm sym
pathy for their cause. The Boer peace
delegates are making preparations to visit
some of the most important cities of this
country. •
Mrs. Fischer, who Is a Scotch woman,
recently chatted with a newspaper man
about life in the Orange Free State dur
ing th'e war. She said first that many
stories sent out . from English sources
were wholly false.
"It was outrageous that report which
was sent out a while ago that women
were being enlisted into the Boer army,
or would be. They would go willingly,
but their services would not be accepted.
The Boers are not barbarians to send
women into war. If some few have been
found it Is because they were disguised
as men, and thus entered the ranks.
"It would be easier for them if they
might nght. As it is. they stay home try
ing to keep the great farms running that
the country may not be devastated, and
it is heartbreaking work. Our farms
cover large tracts of country, and the
work is done by the natives, negroes, of
whom there are always many, and they
are difficult to manage. .
"They are lazy and shiftless and need
the management of a man to keep them
going; but there is many a plucky Boer
woman quite alone in her home looking
after a force which before the war took
all the time of her husband and sons.
Mrs. Fischer, Wife
of the Peace Com
missioner, Tells of
Life in the Trans
vaal
of the American Government: If we could
only do that our cause would be won. ror
all Europe would follow Americas ex
ample.
"We do not want America to fight— that
Is not necessary. A mere declaration of
sympathy would be sufficient to throw
the balance of favor our way. Europe la
afraid to bo the first, but America Is a
powerful ally, whose support would bring
others. We want the help of the Ameri
can women to bring that about, we
women of other countries hear that those
here are powerful. If ever their help was
needed It la now. and we South African
women are putting our faith In them.
"We find here such sympathy from Indi
viduals that it makes us very happy. Tba
weeks before our coming here hav« Been
so hard and trying that we are appreciat
ive of Joy."
Mr. and Mrs. Fischer left their home »t
Bloenrfontein ten days before the arrival
of General Roberta.
Mrs. Fischer said further: "We put our
things Into warehouses Quite in method
ical fashion, but it was terribly hard and
depressing to handle the things which
had made my home for nearly thirty
years and not know when, if ever. I
should have them ajraln. I have two sons
(one of them is commando now in the Boer
army), and there were things they had
used and played with all their lives, to be
sent away.
Many a woman In Bloemfontein went
through the same thing in those days, but
we tried very bard to be hopeful and
trust in the time when we should com*
back. We did not believe that the British
would wantonly injure our houses, but
we do not like now to think of the
changes which must always be, mads la
war.
One of Mrs. Fischer's sons Is fighting
with the Boer army; the other is at Cam
bridge. England, studying law. Mrs,
Fischer said that the boy in England was
treated with great consideration by his
fellow-students, although he was anxious
to return home to fight.— Exchange.
MY BRAVE SEX IS DEVOTED TO THE BOER CAUSE,
Our African War Is
Terri&fe, but It Is
the Women Who
Have the Hardest
Part.
And can you. Dr. Kinyoun. perform any greater
service than the annihilation of a menagerie at your
Federal quarantine station? The Call declares that
you cannot prove that a single case of bubonic plague
exists in this city, and in justice to San Francisco and
to the State you and your associates should frankly
admit the fact. . ; '
Can you, Dr. V. P. Buckley, aid your official fel
lows and prove what they cannot do? Can you do
more than institute begus. burlesque quarantines and
give circulation to baseless and injurious rumors?
The Call defies }-ou to do so.
Dr. R. W. Bauni, can you prove from personal
investigation or competent scientific testimony
that San Francisco is afflicted with a solitary instance
of the plague? The Call defies you to do so. and
will publish your proofs if you have any.
Will you, Dr. W. D. McCarthy, do more than your
associates on the board and prove that this city har
bors a case of the plague? You cannot do so, and
your duty to the people of San Francisco demands
that you strive to remedy the grave evil you have
inflicted by your official action.
Can you, Dr. Louis Bazet, risk your professional
standing in an attempt to prove that a single case of
the dread disease is in San Francisco? If you can The
Call will publish every detail of any proof you may
submit. As a physician; having the health of many
people in your keeping, do you countenance calmly
the fact that their servants frequent the supposed in
fected district and may carry the disease to many
homes? Do you believe that your assertion of a
danger is compatible with your lethargy and in
efficiency to protect against it?
Are you. Dr. J. M. Williamson, a physician of re
pute, ready to prove by scientific investigation that
there is a single case of bubonic plague in San Fran
cisco? If you are The Call will publish every fact
you prove. Are you ready to injure this city almost
itreparablj by insisting upon a course of sensational
r.ction* which is absolutely unwarranted? Believing
that the plague exists here, have you any justifica
tion as a physician and a public officer for the far
cical quarantine which you have established on
paper? If you think that the people of the city are in
jeopardy, do you consider it just to subject them
without bar or hindrance to the supposed infected
district? Common jrstice demands your answers in
the proof of a single case of the plague in this city.
The members of the Board of Health of San Fran
cisco are therefore rightly upon trial before the peo
ple of the city and of the State. They are called upon
to justify their proceedings with a proof of what they
charge. They are in duty bound to answer the ques
tions which intelligence asks of them.
The facts in this case are beyond controversy. The
physician who attended the Chinese has given his cer
tificate that the disease was intermittent fever. The
Chinese has been interviewed by a representative of
The Call, and the whole sensational, scandalous fabric
of the Board of Health has crumbled after an inves
tigation. Upon this incident alone the Health Board
has reared its plague phantom. With craft rather than
stupidity the board has called in the Federal quaran
tine officers with a hope of shirking responsibility for
unwarranted acts and diverting the censure which
these local officials knew they deserved. The Fed
eral officers could not act until the local authorities
took official action, and that official action was to
declare that a Chinese suffering from intermittent
fever is a victim of bubonic plague.
This paper will not publish theories and opinions
or suspicions and feats of something which so se
riously injure the city. This paper will not give cur
rency to the deadly child's play of officials who have
no realization of their solemn obligations. This paper
will not publish the facts of a burlesque quarantine
which did nothing except to affright the people of
San Francisco and then to amuse them. The news
papers in the" interior of the State should know that
the existing shameful condition of affairs was brought
about by the charge of the Board of Health that a
Chinese, How Quan, living at 721 Clay street and
suffering from intermittent fever, was a victim of the
bubonic plague. The man is now recovered from his
simple ailment and has resumed his ordinary occupa
tion.
The newspapers in the interior of the State, blind
to the vital interests of the localities they are supposed
to represent, are taking up the cry which the tongue
of rumor has raised. Absolutely without information
and without a single demonstrated fact, these news
papers are accusing the press of San Francisco of
suppressing the truth. The press of San Francisco
has suppressed no'thing except the extravagant opera
tions of an incompetent Phelanizcd Board of Health
which, without judgment, with no proofs and no
thought of the direful consequences, plunged to the
assertion of a fact which The Call now defies the
board to prove. When the Board of Health proves
that a single case of bubonic plague exists in San
Francisco The Call will publish the fact with every
incidental detail that is necessary.
The members of the Board of Health are certainly
conscious of their tremendous responsibility. They
know that by their melodramatic operations and the
circulation of their idle rumors they have ex
cited the fears of the people of San Francisco, have
made the city a mark of dread to other cities, have
injured our commerce, have struck a blow at the in
dustries of the entire State, which cannot be reme
died in a year, and have placed upon us a burden of
explanation heavier perhaps than any which the city
ever had to bear. In justice to themselves, then, the
members of the Board of Health must submit a proof
of a single case of plague in this city or admit a
lamentable error and strive to correct the evil which
unfounded rumor, baseless 'exaggeration and unwar
ranted assertions are making more serious every day.
THE time has come for the Board of Health of
San Francisco to justify with proof the im
measurable evil it has worked upon this city by
asserting the existence of bubonic plague in our midst,
or frankly and honestly seek, 50 far as it may by a con
fession of error based on suspicion, to undo the grave
mischief which has been done not alone to San Fran
cisco but to the entire State. The bubonic plague
does not exist in San Francisco, and The Call defies
the members of the Board of Health to prove a sin
gle authentic c:i«.c in the city. This defiance is made
with a thorough knowledge of the situation, after
a complete and expert investigation of the whole de
plorable affair. From the moment the Board of
Health made its baseless assertions and pursued its
headlong, heedless and reckless policy, which has now 1
worked untold harm, The Call has made diligent and
competent inquiry of every phase of the scare, and to
day it demands from the Board of Health, as respon
sible and honest officials of San Francisco.-to prove
tlie presence of a single case of the plague in this- city.
SUBMIT PROOFS OR RETRACT.
The Call has not laid aside the harness in which it
maintained a long battle for decency in the selection
of a Senator. Success in that distinguished and pro
longed action put strength in the loins of the party.
We do not believe there is a true Republican in the
State who does not feel that the party escaped sui
cide in the Senatorial election. Then why should it
now be permitted to decline from the high plane on
which it stands and imperil its future by seeking in
spiration from the growler and refreshing itself for a
great fight on heel taps?
The Republicans of the State have just seen the
effect of permitting them to control a State conven
tion. True it had but one duty to perform, in the
selection of a delegation to ratify a Presidential nomi
nation already made by the people. But what harm
their primary could do is done, and the Republican
party outside San Francisco still feels the pinch and
is ruefully rubbing the mark that is left. The people
are not to be fooled. They cannot be driven nor
coaxed into an unwilling fellowship with the low and
bleary leadership that has recently left its slobber on
the garments of California Republicanism. Those
who keenly appreciate the- need of continued Repub
lican supremacy and who wince under the known ef
fects of a change are apt, however, to shut their eyes
to such consequences and use their ballots to punish
the party if it seem incapable of "taking its manage
ment out of hands that leave uncleanncss upon every
thing they touch. It is a grave error to suppose that
they must be counted as a means to party success
Their influence goes not an inch beyond the half
criminal intrigues by which they get the influence to
control results in their interest. *
Decent men, by banding together, can emancipate
decency from going hat in hand to these bosses to
beg for a chance to participate in public affairs. De
cent .men are vastly in the majority in the Republican
party,, and that majority should control it. We beg
of the Republicans of this city to consider these
things. If they take pride in the principles of their
party, and believe their success to be vital, they must
begin now to make such success sure. There is only
one way to do this. Let lists of decent men be mads
for decent men to vote for as delegates at the pri
mary, and then support them to victory.
These bosses are wise in their way. When de
cency is embattled and in its strength refuses to give
them quarter, they offer no fight. They keenly scent
trouble in an awakened sentiment which refuses to
submit to them, and go into seclusion in the shadow
of their rum barrels and wait until the public con
science again becomes apathetic before exchanging
the corkscrew and cards for the baton and badge of
party dictators.
In perfect frankness we are able to declare that less
blame will attach to the offensive and disgusting
bosses than to those who let them have their way
when their overthrow is easy. They appear only
when and where an opportunity occurs by the re
fusal of members of the party to take the trouble to
cherish its good name.
The primary law extends to every citizen protection
in his right to vote his choice at this first process in
the line of party action. If the character of the Re
publican party suffer in the result, the fault will be
with the decent citizens who will not take the time to
discharge the simple duty of voting for decent dele
gates. The vile and offensive bosses are always alert
to take advantage of. the indifference of decency to
poiitical results. .If the party in this city shall appear
to be led by two of the lowest bosses .vho have ever
appeared in its politics, the fault will be with those/'
who could have prevented it, but did not. When the
party is reproached for being in the hands of two
men of vicious life, with its plans discussed and or
dered from gin mills and the stews of the tenderloin,
the indifference which permitted the reproach to be
true will rise to the level of a crime against good
government. -.:'..
The necessity for discharging their political duty
will therefore be apparent to all citizens who appre
ciate the need of Republican success and desire to
avert/the consequences of such a change as the suc
cess of Bryanism implies.'
REPUBLICAN primaries will be held to elect
delegations to general conventions in which the
State Committee to manage the approaching
campaign will be chosen and candidates for Congress
will be nominated. These primaries affect the party
choice for nominees to fill the legislative offices, and
their result will determine the whole character and as
pect in which the Republican party of California will
be. presented, to the people in this very important
year. v
THE COMING PRIMARIES.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 24, 1900.
Kentucky Inspiration.
"I suppose you see some, funny thing!
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Grcnd Oppra -house— "The .'-jJ> Slavej."
Alcazar— "Tfce liutterllifs."
Orj trfun- Vaudeville.
Co'.urnlia— "The Tyranny of Tf»r»."
California— "The Amazons."
TJvoll— -The \V;*arJ of the Nile."
Olyrojua. corner Mason and EJdy streets— ScecialUes.
CtatCS. Zoo anJ Theater— Vaudeville every efternoon ar.O
trattac.
rift* r*« Cor.ori House— 'Tiust."
Kapp Company Ccnrert Hall— Vaudeville.
Sutro Bath* — Cprn.nijrhts.
AUCTION SALES.
rsy P. Waitkin« — Tbla Ca.y. at 31 o'clock. Carriage arvj Wi-
(ro?i Keposiiory, at I14J Folsum street.
By Vl"m. C. Layng--Moni!ay, May ;«, at 1! o'clock. Horses,
st 221 Howard street.
THE MASSACRE OF
TAWI TAWI.
Thrilling story of how American soldiers
were slaughtered.
11 Ml HOW TO PROTECT YOURSELF
THE FROM A FOOTPAD.
SUNDAY CALL
th*m S a LL . "RUSHING" THE FRESHMEN
I I 11 IN mil AT STANFORD.
Exciting stcry cf the pranks played upon
the new students. .
"OLD PARIS" AT THE
EXPOSITION.
By The Sunday Call's special ccrrespoo*
dent, Genevieve Green.
IS SUNDAY'S I
|Gl1 CALL.
?.?« '¦¦¦'¦ '-'It '- '?¦ -'• ' ?~* v ' ¦ • — — - — — —
EVOLUTION OF THE YACHT.
Told by an expert yachtsmsn.
OUR SOCIETY WOMEN AND
THEIR FADS.
THE CALIFORNIA HORSE. f ' '1 1
His many types from "Cayuse" five cents
to thoroughbred. a co^r.
' HEAD IT.
WILL THE BOERS, DEFEATED, "TREK" Tl
TO GERMAN SOUTH AFfllCA ?
* l
TYPICAL SKETCHES BY THE j
COW-PUNCHER ARTIST. j j ;
Life in Old Mexico as pictured by a cow \
I boy who has turned artist. i
II LThe remainins stock from railway col
lision, of 5000 pairs ladies' and misses'
shoes or ties, in tan or black, on sale to
morrow (Friday) at 40 cents a pair, or i
pairs for $1. Worth from $2 to $4. Come
and take your pick. The Standard, . 1023
ilaikfti. between Sixth and Seventh. •
Not a Fairy Tale.
Captain "Newt" Jordan, the pilot, had
a narrow escape last Tuesday, lie was
to take the collier Wellington to sea and
was on his way to the front on a Sutter
street car. Near the ferries he -jumped
off without noticing: a McAllister-street
car coming up behind. The latter struck
Jordan, knocking him fully ten feet. The
car was stopped, but not before the fen
der was within an inch of the pilot's
head. Captain Jordan took the Welling
ton to sea, but when he got home had to
go to bed. Yesterday he could not move
himself, and It will be several days before
he can be about again.
Chief of Police Sullivan paid an official
visit to the water front yesterday. He
expressed himself as highly satisfied with
Captain Dunlevy's management of things
around the bay.
The French bark Normandle, which left
here February 25 with 60,850 centals of
wheat valued at $60,850, is probably a total
loss. Word was received by the Mer
chants' Exchange yesterday that she
went on Colliers Rocks. Falkland Islands,
but nothing was said about the safety of
the captain and crew.
Captain Jordan's Narrow Es
cape From Being Killed
by a Car.
ALL FOR TEN DOLLARS.
A Saturday to Monday Trip to Mount
Shasta and Vicinity
ON A LT7XUBI0US PTJXLMAN"
PALACE CAR TBAIN.
Widespread Interest, in This Novel
Excursion.
The preliminary announcement of tha
Southern Pacific Company regarding their
annual Pullman palace car excursion to
Mount Shasta and vicinity, to leave San
Francisco on June 2, has developed a
widespread Inquiry, so much so that the
management have felt compelled to limit
the excursion party to 200 persona.
It therefore behooves those who con
template going on this excursion to mako
their reservations at once at tha Grand
Hotel ticket office.
As above intimated, this train, will ba
composed of elegant Pullman buffet
sleepers, which will be stocked with
everything that Is good in the way oC
food and refreshments, passengers being
permitted to order their meals a la carte.
Excursionists should bear in mind that
this train will leave San Francisco Satur
day evening, June 2, at 7 o'clock, and for
which- special excursion tickets covering
the round trip and Including berth In
sleeper will be sold at the extremely low
rate of $10.
It should also b* remembered that this
train will be run on special schedule timw
and will be personally conducted by Col
onel William H. Menton. the S. P. Com
pany's excursion passenger agent, who
will see that all on board are mads com
fortable and happy.
The time schedule will be so arranged
that excursionists may commence view-
Ing the magnificent scenery of the Sacra
mento Canyon early the following morn
ing, reaching Slsson about 10 a. m.. where
a stop of an hour will be made at the foot
of that noted earth giant. Mount Shasta.
Leaving Sisson, the train will proceed on
Its homeward Journey down the Sacra
mento Canyon, stopping en route at the
following well known resorts: Shasta
Springs. Shasta R/treat. Upper Soda
Springs. Tavern of Castle Crag. Caatelli
(Cragvlew Camp) and Sweet Brier Camp,
arriving in San Francisco at 7:13 a, m.
Monday. June 4.
Those who have never visited the sub
limely beautiful Shasta region should
avail themselves of this opportunity, as
this will be the only exrurslon train of,
the kind which will be put on this season.
On Saturday evening. May 26. an Illus
trated lecture will be given by' Mra. Hat
tie B. Steele, entitled "A Visit to Ire
land." for the benefit of the local branches
of the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society. Ad
mission 50 centa^JTickets may be secored
from any of the members and the head
quarters of the society, room 75. Donohoe
building, corner of Market and Taylof
streets. A short musical programme will
also be rendered.
Her Condition Critical.
Agnes Schtister. the woman who shot
herself in the left breast at 990 Knlsrnn
street, because she had been wicked long
enough, was removed "from the Receiving
Hospital to McNutt's Hospital yesterday
morning. She has a small chance of, re
covery.
that Buperb egotism— Titanism, Arnold
•;alls it— which led him to pit himself
against the world. It is not a little man
: or n weak one who can play the part of
Manfred and utter without becoming
ridiculous such a burst aa the famous
apostrophe—
Oh, Rome! my 'country! city of the soul!-
To Byron the ruins of his own life were
quite as much a matter for concern aa the
ruins of the Eternal City, and so great Is
the power of his expres.=»ion that aa we
read we share his conviction.
And the strength of Byron expresses It
self in the simplest passions and with the
greatest simplicity and directness of ut
terance. There is nothing ideal or super
subtle In the work of this great earth
born Titan; nothing of the peculiar
"heightening effect of style" In his verse.
All the more on this account do his out
bursts seem to come from and speak to
the heart. The cry of Manfred,
Astarte! my beloved, epeak to me!
the lines which served as a motto and an
inspiration for one of Shelley's noblest
odes,
Vet. Freedom, yet. thy banner torn but flying
Streams like a thunderstorm against the wind,
the summons to Greece to rise for lib
erty and the call to his own heart to
shake off its unworthy shackles and seek
an honorable end— all these move us
with the grand force of an utterance of
nature.
Since his death Byron's fame has been
greater upon the Continent than In Eng
land. This Is partly because his excel
lencies are universal, and his defects in
diction and meter such as only a native
would detect. -But there is a more potent
causo than this. Byron is identified with
the cause of revolution and the struggle
for national liberty. At the darkest hour
of the cause he flung his splendid person
ality Into the scales, and it was worth an
army of lesser men. He was deep in the
councils of the revolutionists in Italy; he
gave ,hls life for the liberation of Greece.
The poets of revolution for fifty years to
come — Leopardl. Heine. Pushkin, Hugo —
looked up to htm as their master. Byron
is in no sense one of the peculiar glories
of English literature; he 13 in a very real
sense one of the makers of the modern
world.
T. M, PARROTT.
Princeton University.
Just as Thorwaldsen's famous Lucerne
lion Is cut In the side of a rocky cliff and
is surrounded by a grotto of natural rock,
out of which it seems to have sprung be
fore the mighty javelin laid it low In
death, so Wordsworth must ever be as
sociated with the environment of his na
tive lakes anJ hills. They are his natural
' background. They supply the form, color
and sound, as it were, to his verse; in
deed, they Interpret In the Infinite variety
of their manifestations the workings of a
heart and mln<i In perfect harmony with
them. Every poem written, every story
told has its proper background— the set
tins is ns eattntial to the thought as the
scene to the dramatic action — but to every
mood and thought of Wordsworth, In truth
to his vsry life, the lake district seems to
be essential. But never for a moment
must It be fancied that Wordsworth used
his surroundings as Scott Impressed the
scenery of the neighboring country into
his service, nor as Byron selected the
choice places of the world for his dra
matic situations.
If you wish to test this statement, try
to reconstruct the landscape after a de
scriptive passage from Wordsworth. He
never describes for mere description. It
would be counted strange if nature could
be caught grouping Itself for picturesque
effect, and such is the naturalness of
W r ordsworth's workmanship that -the
poet can never be said to have arranged
There was a very heated discussion In
the boardroom of the Harbor Commission
ers yesterday, and at one time it looked
as though two of the disputants would
come to blows. The He was passed, but
luckily the big table at which the Com
missioners were seated was between the
disputants, po the matter ended there.
The principals in the controversy were
Darby Laynon and P. F. Dundon, con
tractors: Howard C. Holmes, chief en
gineer of the Harbor Commission, and E.
M. Herrlck, president of the Pacific fine
Lumber Company. The subject under dis
cussion was the quality of "the piles fur
nished the board for repair work on the
front.
It appears that Darby Lnydon has the
contract for supplying 32 piles for repair
work at th« Main-street wharf. The speci
fications called for "Oregon yellow fir
pine." and Laydon offered an article
which Chief pnglneer Holmes refused to
accept. The contractor tried to prove
that his article was as good, if not better,
than the pine called for in the specifica
tions, but Holmes, who seems to be
watching maters with an eagle eye since
he was called down so liard by the board
in connection with the irregularities in
the matter of fonftructing the Howard
street dock, could not see it that way. He
said I,aydon's piles were "white pine. 1 '
while Mr. Herrick designated them as
"bastard pine." At this point Dundon
remarked that when the bids for the work
on Main street were about to be opened
he had asked the board to define what
was meant by "Oregon yellow fir pine*."
and Holmes told him the "white pine"
would not be accepted.
Dundon had the words hardly out of his
mouth when Laydon jumped to his feet
and said. "If Mr. Dundon says h© made
any such a statement to the board or
asked any such question he lies and he
knows it.
"Call me a liar!" exclaimed Dundon,
and he started across the room, but-was
stopped by Percy Henderson, the chief
wharfinger. Dundon then compromised
by calling upon Holmes to verify his
statement, and the latter said that some
such question had been asked, and that
he told Dundon in reply that he was look
ing after that part of the business. The
incident stopped there. .
After the discussion was over the board
deckled that the piles offered by Darby
Laydon were not up to the specifications
and that he would have to supply the
yellow pine pile for the work on Main
street wharf.
President Kilburn is confined to his
home by a slight. Illness, so Commission
ers Harney and Herold were the only
members of the board present at yester
day's meeting. A petition signed by all
the lumber merchants use Channel
Passed the Lie at a Meeting
of the Harbor Com
missioners.
WATER-FRONT
CONTRACTORS
QUARRELING
rested there and brought back to ths city
by Detective Crockett. '
street was rea<1. rt asks the board to
dredge the creek, as the place has shoaled
up to such an extent that only vessels of
a very light draught can now pet up be
yond the drawbridge. Commissioner Her
old said that Captain Charles Nelson
wanted to be heard on the proposition,
so the matter was laid over. In the
meantime Chief Engineer Holmes will
look into the matter and make a report.
Dr. Kinyouii. United States quarantine
officer, was given room in the new ferry
depot at «i monthly rental of $40.
J. C. Wilson & Co. asked that a spur
track bo laid to connect their coalyard
with the belt railroad, while the San
Francisco Coke and Gas Company asked
that a connection be made between its
ulnnt at the foot of Mason street and the
belt railroad. Both matters were re*
ferred to the chief engineer.
The Alaska Commercial Company asked
that Union-street wharf when it is rebuilt
and covered should bo assigned to them.
When the uhnrf Is completed the appli
cation will receive full consideration.
mORE than S000 people participated
j-esterday in the seventh annual
picnic of the Butchers' Board of
Trade at Shell Mound. The
weather was fine and the attractions nu
merous. There were attractions for young
and old — dancing, games, horse races, mu
sic and side shows innumerable. No acci
dent occurred to mar the pleasure of the
day. The immense crowd was easily han
dled by the committee of arrangements,
of which Fred Becker of Oakland was
chairman. Nearly all of the butcher-shop3
in this city and around the bay— wholesale
and retail— were closed during the day,
and employers joined their employes in
the outing.
The center of attraction was the
racetrack at Emeryville, where a good
programme of trotting, pacing and run
ning races occupied the afternoon. Over
5000 people passed in at the gate. Two
bookmakers gave the sports an opportu
nity to back their opinions with coin and
a surprisingly large amount of. money
passed through their hands. Edward J.
Taaffe was at the head of the committee
in charge. The betting In the running
races was especially lively. In the flrst
the favorite. El Mido, owned by J. S.
Campbell, won at 3 to 5 in 1:44U, with F.
S. Kapp's Rapido second and M. Quinn's
Melcarth third. Dr. Rexford's Pongo
was the only other starter, Roadrunner,
Coda and Colonel Root being scratched.
Rapido won the second race, however, at
2 to 1, with Colonel Root a close second
and E. Carey's Miltouche in third place.
Time. 1:45. P. S. Smythe's Little Sister
was a strong favorite, being backed down
from 4 to 5 to 3 to u. She bled on the back
stretch, however, and was pulled up, fall
ing to finish at ail. Pongo again ran last
In the bunch. March Seven, Homestake,
Mrs. C. Twinkle Twlnk. Alturas, El Arte.
Skirmish. lx>mo and Aborigine contested
the third running event and Skirmish,
owned by H. S. Hobart. captured flrst
money, with Alturas a close second and
Lomo third. Time, 1:44. Hermia, owned
by Monroe Schweitzer, won the flrst heat
and money of the butchers' trotting and
pacing race, with S. Kafka's Plunkett
second and B. E. Combs' Anita III, the
other performers being A. P. Clayburgh's
Lazy Charlie and R. Consent's Zip. Time.
2:26^. Anita took the second heat in the
same time and Plunkett got third money.
The rlrst heat of the free for all trot was
¦won by I). Gannon's Twilight, with I-.
Richardson's Altevllo second and G.
Tassi'a Fled last. Search and Herald were
scratched. The time was 2:IS. Altevilo
took tiie second heat in 2:26?;.
The free-for-all pace was captured by
H. H. Dunlap's King Cadenza, in 2:25,
with II. Patrick's Butcher Boy o close
second and Plunkett last. Mattie B also
started. Butcher Boy took the second
heat and second money. The special cart
race was a walkover for Frank Merrill's
Bonnie B. with G. Tassi's Headlight sec
end and M. OConnell's Josh third. Time,
1:43. In the second heat, however, J. Mc-
Donald's Nancy captured the second
money. Headlight taking third money
and Josh finishing outside. Time. 2:36.
The steer race caused lots of fun. Wild
Bill, owned by Edward O'Uay. was heav
ily backed and proved a cinch. M. M.
Slater's Golden Gate was second and Sil
verberg's Bandy third. The vaqueros'
quarter-mile dash was won bv Edward
O'Day's Silver Dick, with AVilllam Har
ney's Cricket second and J. O'Connor's
Shoot the Chutes third. The other start
ers were: Ray Mead's Poso. E. Sullivan's
White Stockings and Ramon Regna's So-
nora. Time, :26.
Following is a list of the successful con
testants in the games:
Free-for-all running race, C. McFadden;
members' running race. E. Brown; free-for-all
running race, four lacs, won by Beck; cash
boys' race. J. Hansen and J. McDermott;
Journeymen butchers' race. Spencer; members'
fat men's race (over 205 pounds), H. Winters;
walking greased pole, J. Hansen; three-legged
race. Joe Sullivan; boys' race (under IS), Tim
McFadden; free-for-all fat men's race. G. Sav
age; fat women's race, Mrs. Smith; ladles'
race. Miss G. Bank; girls' race (under IS). Miss
G. Bank; boys' race (under 12). McNeill and
O'Brien: girls' race (under 12). Maud Peterson
aad Grace McGlnnis; free-for-all hop, skip and
Jump, Long; same, boys under IS. Hilton: race
for members' wives, Mrs. James; tug-of-war.
won by Journeymen Butchers; Cakewalk won
by Misses McMann and Berry.
The successful affair was managed by
the following committees:
Arrangements— Fred Becker (chairman). Sam
C. Hammond. Jnmes Hall. O. G. Newhall,
James McDermott, Kobert Kelly. Fred Runde,
J. W. PhilllpF. Frod Carius, Harry Mun?on,
Henry Levy. P. Mlchelllttl, J. Hayden, E. J.
Convey, A. Block. A. Wann^macher, Henry
Mottat, Barney Horn, G. de Luca. Joe Wert
helmer. Henry Antz. Monro« Schweitzer.
Racetrack— Edward J. TnJiffe (chairman),
John Laeoste, Frank Merrill. L*. M. Slater, Wil
liam Motfatt, Bert Coombs, Isaac Poly, S. E.
Nutting, I. 1,. Blum. E. G. Rodolph, li. "VVest
phal. A. Clayhurg-h. S. P. Clayburgh.
Finance — Lon Nonnemann (chairman), S.
Silverberg. John Deschler, Paul Fiiese, II.
Mpyn, J. Buttgenbach. E. Schueks.
Printing— Sam Mayer (chairman), J. Buttgen
barh. K. Werthelmer.
On gates at Shell Mound— J. Xowlan (chair
man). Joe Masrulre. H. F. Stolz.
On gates at racetrack — Thomas McKeon
(clialrrnA.1), L. C. Staff. C. H. Hicks.
Mujfc— F. C. Winters, San Francisco: M.
O'Connell. Oakland.
Programme at Shell Mound— H. Schrieber
(chairman), Fred Ast. A. II. L,ieb.
Floor director, lower pavilion — T. J. Hicks
Floor director, tipper pavilion— A. Blumenthal.
Judges— B. Horn Sr., T. Mulholland, J. W.
Phillips. John Dunne, Sam Solomon.
Timers— Leon D. Stone, S. E. Nutting E. G
Hodolph, A. Decourtleux, I. L. Blum.
Brothers Sent to Jail.
George Eastman and W. S. Eastman
were convicted In Judge Cabaniss' court
yesterday, each on a charge of petty lar
ceny. George, who was sick, got thirty
days in the County Jail, and his brother
got four months. They each hired a
bicycle from E. Mohrig. 212 Baker street.
May 17. and rode to Benlcia, where they
tried to sell the wheels. They were ar-
Some Funny Features ol the Butchers' Annual Outing.
Byron's strength was Intermittent, but
it was none the less real. He was inca
pable of prolonged or steady effort, only
too apt to sink into cynical pessimism,
but always capable of rallying to noble
action. Perhaps the source of his weak
ness and his strength alike is found In
things. Nature herself at times seems to
"The power of Byron's personality," It
has been said, "lies In his splendid and
imperishable excellence of sincerity and
strength." This Is an admirable appre
ciation, and yet it has been doubted. To
many Byron's greatest fault as a poet
seems a lack of sincerity, shown by his
fondness for a pose of mysterious gloom
and a too public parade of his bleeding
heart. His strength aa well as his sincer
ity has been denied, and hostile critics
point out his lack of self-control, his jeal
ousy, his Inability to accomplish any one
great work. But such criticisms, after
all, are one-sided, fixing upon the defects
and overlooking the better part. That
there waa much of affectation in Byron's
character and work is not to be denied.
The circumstances of his birth and train-
Ing, the corruption of the social atmos
phere in which ho moved, made this In
evitable. It was not, Indeed, till the blow
fell upon him which broke off his rela
tions with a society that first pampered
and then pelted him. that his genuine na
ture appeared. There is hardly a handful
of sincere verses in his work before the
"Domestic Pieces" of 1816, and we have
only to compare the later with the earlier
cantos of "Childe Harold" to see what an
Immense gain has been made by discard
ing the stagey figure of the nominal hero
and allowing the poet to speak for him
self. From this time on his Imperishable
excellence of sincerity revealed itself
more and more clearly. Byron was sin
cere In his love for nature, especially in
her wilder and stormier aspects; he was
sincere in his love for liberty, and even
morr sincere In his hatred of the oppres
sion In the name of order and religion,
which was then all powerful In Europe.
And he hated with a tlery personal hatred
the sham and cant that spread a thin
veneer of morality over the deep corrup
tion of English society. And the last can
tos of "Childe Harold" and "Manfred,"
the "Prisoner of Chillon" and the "Vision
of Judgment" and "Don Juan" are ever
lasting memorials of the sincerity of his
love and of his hatred.
BY THOMAS MARC PARROTT, PH.D.
(Concluded.)
POETRY.
XXII. GOLDEN AGE OF ENGLISH
take the pen out of hi* hard, aa Arnold
says, and to deprive him of his style. Yet
the likeness of Wordsworth seems to be
reflected !n every mountain tarn and the
very hills re-echo the magic music of the
streams unheard by day:
Whllp In sweet cadence, risir.fr small nn<i still.
The far-off minstrels of the haunted hill.
As the laat bleating of the fold expires.
Tune in the mountain dells their watery lyres.
How different the associations of Goethe
and Schiller with 'Weimar and the sur
rounding country! Here It la in the pal
ace, park and library that one ltngers to
recall the visions of the past. From Ry
dal mount the Influence of Wordsworth
diffuses itself over the whole district.
Despite the local environment of Words
worth's verse there Is nothing to suggest
limitation to the flight of the poet's Imag
ination. An acre or the lake region woulr!
have sufficed to provide the mlse en seen*
needful to the Wordsworthian mind an<i
temper. The spiritual eye sees visions In
the water drop. It would often seem that
Wordsworth valued his mountains more)
for the seclusion and retirement offered
by them than for their beauty. This ut
terance may seem heresy. But a tramp
through the English lake district will re
veal beauties still unnamed. Such color
effects as are to be seen on the sheeny
mountain slopes of slaty gneiss, resplen
dent with a fiery bath of sunrise and sun
set, do not reappear In the poet's descrip
tions. And how little of the romance of
this varying region of lake and mountain
did Wordsworth Impart to us. Here was
a Scott wanting. All the world, then,
would have known the mysteries of tarn
and fell. The background would have be
come as familiar to us as the land of
Burns and Scott. With those writers
these old hills of slate" and porphyry from
Sklddaw to Scafell: these mountain lakes,
heaven-reflecting, from Dcrwentwater to
Wlndermere, would have served as scenes
before which the loves and hates of man
from the agone day3 of ancient Britons
to the modern lake dweller might have
been enacted. But Wordsworth found his
poetic Inspiration In nature rather than
in man. and he preferred to let us share
In this joy rather than In poetic romances
about man.
C. F. McCLUJIPHA.
University of Minnesota.
GOLDEN AGES OF LITERATURE.
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton.
BUTCHERS HAVE A BIG TIME
AT THEIR ANNUAL PICNIC
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 24. 1900.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
WILLIAM WORDSWORTH.
AUTPSEJEENTS. ,
rHOXE MAIN B32.
LAST T1VO NIGHTS.
Of the rreatest cf all musical ccrn»<Iie8,
The Lady Slavey
Commencing SaturtJay xr.atinee. gorR«ous
j>roiu'"tir.n of Rice" e lamous extravaganza.
J4D-V
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Gsoa Reserve 3 Feat Jn Orchestra. Saturday
Matinee, 25c.
E-ar.ch Ticket Office Emporium.
EK.ST VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN AMERICA.
MAG NAN I FAMILY,
""The Musical Barbers."
t^Tu d oi EZRA KENDALL,
. he Talk of the Town. Everything New.
MILE. BARTF.O.
THE WILSON FAMILY
And Twenty Other*.
9-BIQ ACTS-9
r.+**m*4 S^aty. Balcony. J^c: Opera.
rhairp and Box S»»at», Vm.
Matin»>e« Wednesday. Saturday *nd Pundar.
LAST : NIGHTF-MAT1XKE SATURDAY.
CTiarl^s Frohman Presents
JOHN DREW
In Haddon Chambers* Comedy of Temperament.
YHh TYRANNY OF TEARS
Note— Mr Drfw Tiii! ai'iK-ar at the Macdon-
<<ueb Th>?atrr, Oakland, Saturday Night, June
NEXT WEEK— Event of Jh<» y^ar,
?H.^TS SOW OX SALE.
N. C. GOODWIN
ilAXINE ELLIOTT
Pnmtiag the Peafon'n J?ucces?.
WHEW We WERE TWENTY-ONE
ONLY FIVE TIMES MORE 1
Of the Enormous Comic Opera Success,
THE WIZARD
OF THE NILE !
Evenine* at 5. Final U:itin»e Saturday!
NEXT WtEK.— The Romantic Comic Opera,
THE THREE GUARDSMEN.
< Founded on Dumas' Novel. Mus'.c by Varney.)
POPTLAIt PEICES 25 ajjd to cents
Telephone BiMh 1
IiiATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15 P. M.
Ani Kv»r~ n-.rr.lng: i:»tirinc the W>ek.
Inc!u<ilnE th* K»»rular Saturday Matinee.
/V\R. JA/VIES NEILL
ANI> COMPANY IN'
"THE AMAZONS"
CotTimerK-int Pu:i3a-r Nlgrtit. FARE WELL- OF
THR NEII-L OOMPANY.
Sunday Monday and Tuesday Night» end
V>cnnrr<iav iM^rr.oii^J Ltoy; Metinee. "TXiRU
ri!i:MI-EY": \\>flne»'lay oni Thursday Nights.
"A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE"; Thur*Jay
iiuUBf*, ••-APTAFN LETTARnLAIrt"; Frl-
rtay ana Puturdny NIrht* and Saturday Mat-
In**. * -CAPTAIN fiWIFT."
• :r.s- ITNNK & RYLEY'S All-gtar Caet.
L.V?T FOUR XIGHTP.
MATINEE SATURDAY A^TD SUNDAY.
Henry Guy Carietcn'a Charmir.c Comedy.
THE
lieit Week— IHE SUPERFLUOUS HUSBAND
UATIXCE <V.J-:i>.) DECOHATIOX DAY.
Ccir.ing-FLORnNCE ROBERTS fi« SAPHO.
FISCHER'S co ,^^T rf . H ou SE -
CREAT^i^ s i^^??rT:^^ m T *™
"I'AVOItlTA" AXU "KACST."
MISS PAN'DOUN IN ENGLISH SONGS
Admlnion. 1& cents. Matinee Sunday. '
SUTRO BATHS
k OPEN NIGHTS.
Own Daily ffni 7 a. m. tn Ii p. m.
liathlnK frcm 7 «. m. to 30 * ra
ADMIWIOX. 10c. C-HILDrtKN. 5c
li^Hhic^. lacludtits aJmisaion, 3c; Children, SOc
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
LIKE MANY OTHERS
Clara Kopp Wrote for Mrs. Pinkham's Ad-
rice and Tell* what It did for Her.
" Dear*Mrp. Pixkiiam : — I have seen
bo many letters from ladies who were
cured by Lydia E. Pinkham's remedies
that I thought I would ask your advice
jtmgm. in regard to my condition.
I have been doctoring for
* our years and have
taken different pat-
ix^sffil! ent medicines > but
i Bi^^^ received very little
jg^^|rafi| benefit. I am
I §5^" troubled with back-
i sF^m a-che, «n fact my
M Bras whole l>ody aches,
f Wcs/ stomac h ee^ s Sf)re »
WW ** y s P eJls ff ct sn ort
yfm of breath and am
SW very nervous. Men-
IH struation is very ir-
1 i regular with severe
y \ bearing 1 down pains,
. \\ cramps and back-
ache. I hope to hear
t*~j from you . at once." —
Clara. Kopp, Rockport,
Ind., Sept 27, 1898.
"I think it is my dnty to write a
letter to you in regard to what L.ydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound did
for me. I wrote you some time ago,
describing" my symptoms and asking
your advice, which you very kindly
gave. I am now healthy and cannot
begin to praiso your remedy enough.
1 would say to all suffering women,
' Take Mrs. Pinkham's advice, for a wo-
man best understands a woman's suf-
ferings, and Mrs. Pinkham, from her
vast experience in treating female ills,
can give you advice that you can get
from no other source.' " — ClajUl KorP.
Rockport, Ind., April 13, 1899.
{80SEUH OF AHATOMY*
\ tjr - The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
W :'i^J^-.nu^ World. \> earncsscs cr any contracted i \
X !wS!ff« d'ie»« p*">«««»«->» Ptrodlij-thr oldest
® #K£I bpeeialiitcnthfCottt. Est.3Syearf. «)
P"^ | OR. JOHDAM— PRIVATE DISEASES j t
V F(I^w! Cea«u!t3tiv>n frco »-d sftvtly private
Q K i5w/ I ™" » :T 'e''t pfnomlly.nr bv Irttcr. A / '
T fi 9 TJl ! t'oi.tiie Vurt in every case nn.iirtakeii. '
JH // lie i Write for B->ok. PniLOSOPBVer , i
' a I T •»*nniACB, mailed prbb. { a*
f On. JohBAN'4t:O..1051Mar!ietSt,S.F. I '
OOffe^B^^^^^^^^^ <fc )
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTEns. THE
Kreat Mexican rnr.-ily; elves health and
rtreegth to s«zual orcana. Depot. 323 Market.
mi Pfl Completely eradicated with*
II HI |_ V Ol!t cuttlnir or tyinc. No
B 1 1 B -\ cure, no pay. For informa-
1 I Urn La %J tlon address S. F. RECTAL
INSTITUTE. 1170 Market.
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
BOLCTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late
scientific ir.ethod applied to the eums. No
slfrep-produdnK agents or Oocalne.
Th^ge are the only dental parlor* in San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIAXCE8
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply yoli
frowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
cstural t^eth. and warranted for ten rears.
WITHOUT THK LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth 15. a perfect fit (ruaranteed or no pay.
Gold cro-wns, 16. Gold HUIdrs. $1. Silver fill-
I lne«. EOc. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, and
eacb department In charge of a specialist. Gir»
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
as we advertise. W« will tell you In advancs
exactly what yoor work will cost by a FUEE
EXAMINATION.
fffl P1ATES
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. : . .'
HOfRS. 8 to S; SUNDAYS. 10 to 4.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
1
A \//w , DR. PIERCE'S
immb electric
I *^m$W BELT,
'JAJF- THIS BELT IS WAR.
ranted to be the latest Im-
proved, most powerful and
!n all respects the best now manufactured In
any part of the world. Its equal does not exist.
The Galvanometer shows lu electric current to
b» double that of any ether. Easily regrulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest Improved attach-
ments. Special conductors and electrodes.
! Double wire eu?p»r.sory for men. It will cur«
! any disease en earth that It is possible to cure
| with elertrlcitr. and It cures when others fall.
j Buy r«o belt till you ree "Dr. Pierce's."
"Booklet No. 2," frpe at office or sent by mall
j lor a 2-cent stamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street.
(Opp. Palace Hotel). SAN FRANCISCO
Eastern Office— New York City.
• ''
! »%^Sfejy^&s5»*iW "'* " lfI * ncn-polKorrmt
tf/z&BP^^^&Si K aedy for <Jcnorrhn-a"
Gleet, Sp»rmatorrhcp»,
JEJ'Sr la 1 toUiyim >v hitea, an natural diiJ
GJ&3 Otutiiteil M chargen, or any lDflnrnma-
K*^M ort w «ilticr«. tion.iirritnUon or ul^e-*-
gfcjgPreTena centmglen. tlon of Docogi znns-
I K*2lTHEEMN3 0HEtnnilCa branee. Son-aatrlngenS.
i r/. ". a jftH "f «"it io plain wrsr^r.
by express, prepaid, tai
li- 00 - <>r S bottlea, $3.7&.
(l 1 .-)
MARKET SLSpSlitr
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Mall3 I
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 603 Cal.. Clanle hg.
COAX. COKB AND PI3 IROX
' C W1I SflV & fii 900 Cattery Street.
«• W« V IL3lia g VU-, Telephone Main 1S64.
COPPERSMITH.
josrrPH fox supt. h. bltth. M«r.
r W SMITH Fhin Plumbing. Steamboat ana
C- VI- J.,11111. ship Work a specialty. 16 and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main 6641.
FRESH AND SAl.T MF.ATS.
JAS RflYFS It ft) SniPPlne Butchers/ 104
JAS- DJltJ a VU- clay. Tel. Main 12S4.
PKIKTIXJ.
F C PHfiHF^ PRINTER.
r« V- t.L'UtlLJ, Cll 3an»ome «t- S. T.
S AND PRINTED.
T( 'g PARTRIDGE "SiSg 11 "
WHITE ASfl STEAM COAL. SggSS
DIAMOND COAL MIXING CO.. at lt» GREEN
rtlVEft. COLLIE R1K.S. is the Best Coal la th«
market. Offlce and Yards— 450 Main street.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT APTERXOON AND EVENING.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
qiTTT? • • • • PARISIAN
AMAilUKo girls......
AND
THE ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN
AFTER THE VAUDEVILLE.
Order Seats by Phone, Park 23. i
WARNER'S REMEDIES.
fii Jx * k* v £ examined Warner's irf
HI «r a^ c Cure and am pleased to
raj E ll V l^ at 1 find «t a valuable herbal If
HI B remedy, contAinin^ ingredients cal- Y* 1§
HI K culatcd to £« v c health and renewed a W&
JH if power and energy to the sick. I have g |f
JH fa tried it oersonally and find it is a fine S ||
HI •& tonic for a sluggish liver, restoring JJS psj
PI fk a to a n " tura ' healthy action and ' m . 83.
%2k y&k bringing- back the vim and cn« Mr Ps
H perfect hfcaith. JB m
fHj MARlA ARMSTRONG. J& fM
V*l Jw io my experieace with the sick,^«k ma
[^,1 Mr' k* V< teen * ome vtJV *eriovs cases of |tJ
jsP £# kidney mi bUeider troubles cured through^L 19
-,« / M t! « «*« of W*rn«'s Safe Cure, After doctors^a ||1
i:4 §f **^ titled to do any good. I. have. used it my- 1ft * Kg
Hi M " l! sevcrai times wh<n b3ioqs and for tndiges- n SI]
§?( || tioo» And oevo- hive failed to find help from its |3 mi
\r'-j Iw use, 1 am therefore pleased to endorse it as well H H§|
gj |H worthy the confidence of those suffering with B ll|
;-,'! ¥1 stomach - troubles cf diseases ol the pelvic B raj
j Ik MARIgL ANDERSON. B W&
j|b| 'E^ Marie I. Ancetvi* «ra« for *ercral yean J&
"N nur * e tl llit Uos Angtltv Ol . Ho"*- JSf ragLONDON. May 23.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 12,667 bales, ' 8800
of which were New Zealand and Punta. De
mand was good and brisk. Good qualities of
Punta Arenas were taken readily, but prices
realized were not as good as expected, being
unchanged to a fanning below the last ««ri«».
London Wool Sales.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July. S«pt.
Opening 5 8>4 5 7»i
Closing 5 SH C 8V»
PARIS.
Wheat— ,?- : Ma >'- Sept.-Dec.
Opening • 20 10 21 70
Closing 20 25 22 00
Flour —
Opening • 28 40 2S 45
Closing 26 75 28 70
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, May 23.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
The wool matkrt has manifested but very lit
tle life the past week, trade at times being at a
complete standstill. Reports from the goods
market ore not altogether encouraging and con
sumers are cautious about buying stuck pending
the opening of the lightweight season. Prices
are In buyers' favor, the strengthening tendency
at the London sales having exercised no appre
ciable effect on values here. In the country
there has been more doing and especially in
Wyomlns, but the view? of growers of wool
generally are still so high that representatives
of the Eastern trade are not as yet buying very
freely. The result Is that comparatively lew of
the new wools have yet come forward.
His Preference
Frau Hingstermeler, the wife of Herr
Hingstenneler, the lion tamer, was what
may * be* termed— to put It mildly— a vir
ago, and held Hingstermeler In absolute
subjection. The lion tamer returned to
the family caravan one evening in a state
of hilarity, which made him feel that he
would better postpone an interview with
his better half until his condition had
worn off. He therefore concluded not to
sleep In the family quarters. The next
morning his wife called him to acdount.
and he explained that he had been hav
ing a little jollification and did not wish
to disturb her slumbers on his return.
"Where did you sleep?" she demanded.
"In the cage with the lions." he replied
meekly. "Coward!" hissed Mrs. Hinpster
meler. with a look as one robbed of her
just dues.— New York Life.
M Raphael BIschoffshelm has made
over the freehold of the Nice Observatory
which he founded, together with $300,000
to be devoted to the maintenance of the
establishment." The total value of the
gift is considered to be worth $1,000,000.
and the continuance of the work is as
surcd by the munificent gift.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer-
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May 23. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building: was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. p.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. nr. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N.. In charge.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. May 23.
Stirsr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 61^4 hours from
San Diego, etc.
Stmr A«i»zar. Martin. 60 tours from Port
Los Angeles.
Bark Gatherer. Tounesren. 11 days from Ta
coma.
Schr Albion. Gudmansen, £V4 days from Co
quille River.
Schr John A. Nllsson. 23 days from Lahalna.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. May 23.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons, Eureka; GoodalU
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Sequoia. Wlnkel. Caps Nome and whal
ing; Kim ball S S Co.
Stmr Chas D Lane (ex Irawaddy). Warner,
Seattle: Wild Goose Mining and Transporta
tion Co.
Br stmr Robert Adamson. Morgan, Nanalmo;
John Rosenf eld's Sons.
Schr J D Tallant, Hoffland, Vancouver; J
Jensen.
Schr Winchester, Soderholm. codfishlng;
Alaska Codflshinr Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, May 23.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Bonlta. Nlcolson. San Pedro.
Stmr State of California, Gage. Astoria.
Stmr Sequoia, Wlnkel, Cape Nome and whal
ing.
Stmr Matteawan. Crosctm. Tacoma.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Fort Bra#rtr.
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, Nanaimow
Br ship Nile, McCallum. Queenstown.
Ship Geo Curtis. Calhoun. Honolulu.
Bktn City of Papeete. Berude. Tahiti.
1 Brig Consuelo. Page. Mahukona,
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 23. 10 p m— Weathe*
thick; wind west, velocity 13 mliea.
SPOKEN.
May 4, lat 6 N. Ion 23 W— Br ship Roby, hence
Feb 17, for Queenstown.
May 12, lat 23 N, lon 20 W— Ger ship Henrl
ette, from Hamburg, for Tacoma,
MISCELLANEOUS.
PORTLAND. Or, May 23— SW storm signals
have been ordered at 10:40 a m. Gales at sea;
high wind on Inland waters this afternoon and
to-nirht.
DISASTER
LONDON. May 2S— Ascension telegraphs that
Fr bark Normandle. from San Franctsco Feb
25 for Plymouth. Is ashore on Collyer Point and
will probably be a total loss.
r-OMESTIC PORTS.
. SEATTLE— Arrived May 22-Stmr Willamette,
hence May 19.
Sailed May 22~Scbr A M Baxter, for Port
Los Angeles.
Arrived May 23— Stmr Elihu Thomson, from
ALBION— Arrived May 23— Stmr South Coast.
e HlfENE S M&-SaUed May 23— Stmr Newsboy.
May IS— Ship C F Sargent.
£L5tSm«V 23-Bark Lev! O Burgess, hence
COOS B\T— Arrived May 23— Stmr Empire,
hence Mav 19" stmr Arcata. hence May 19.
NEWPORT-Sailed May 2S-Schr Wawona.
f °AST a ORIA-Sa!Ied May 23-Stmr Columbia.
ttWw May 23-Stmr North Fork,
hence May 21; schr Lottie Carson, from Guay-
m SalIed May 23— Stmr Greenwood, for San
F GR \YS" HARBOK-SaKed May 22-Stmr C»
qullle' River, fcr San Francisco; stmr N'ewburg.
fO voivr F REYE^-Pa»se4 May 23. 9:45 a m-
c trlr *sunol. with bares Nome and York in
fow. hence May 21 for Unalaska.
Passed May 23— Haw stmr Aztec, from Naa
aimo for Port Los Angeles.
* ' FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH— Arrived May 22— Br ship Back
le ifoLYHEAI>— Passed May 22— Br »hlx> Sena
tor from Victoria, for Liverpool.
CALLAO— Sailed April 12— Ital bark Lothair.
fnr Port Townsend : Garibaldi, for Royal Roads.
April 13— Br ship Eaton Hall, for San Fran-
Cl C C \Lct:TTA— Sailed May 10— Br bark Falk
land for Newcastle. Aus. May 4— Br ship Sir
Robert Fernla. for San Francisco. May 13— Br
shin Cralzerne." for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Sailed May 22— Br stmr Warrimoo,
'"VANCOUVER— Arrived May 22-Stmr San
¦Rla« bence May 13. to sail May 23 for Seattle.
HILO— Palled May 10— Haw bark Roderick
Dhu for San Francisco.
DELAGOA BAY— Arrived May 22— Ship James
Nesmith, from Port Blakeley.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 23— Stmr Switzer
land. Crom Philadelphia.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 23— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse. from Bremen for New
York, via Cherbourg.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 23— Stmr Sa.x
onia. from Ltvernool for Boston.
SEW YORK— Sailed May 23— Stmr St Louis,
for Southampton; stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool;
stmr Westernland. for Antwerp.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May 23— Stmr Belgen
land. (or Philadelphia; stmr Majestic, for Liv
erpool.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived May 23— Stmr Rotter
dam, trom New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 23— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der* Grosse, from Bremen and South
ampton for New York.'
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
FTancisco Bay. Published by. official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
, THURSDAY, MAY 21.
Sun rises 4:53
Sun sets 7:20
Moon rises 1:43 a. m.
d Tlrnei ITIme Time Time
p , Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
« L W| |H W L W H W
24 1M3 0.l\ 8:13 4.4 1:23 2.0 7:53 6.1
••3 2:41 0.0 9:23 4.4 2:15 2.3 8:42 6.2
vr ' Jl-33 —0.5 10:2*5 4.3 3:04 2.6 9:26 6.3
r> '" 4:23-0.9 11:23 4.7 3:52 2.8 10:09 6.3
23 ... 6:12—1.1 12:18 4.7 4:40 3.1 10:52 6.2
23... 6:00—1.1 1:00 4.s! 5:2<» 3.1 11:3S 6.0
30 ... 6:451—0.9 1:59 4.9j 6:21 3.2!
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornlnc tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides pf the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tne
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tlce
and the last or right hand column fflves the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height-*
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coaat Survey charta. except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number eiven Is subtracted from
the dfsth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the. mean of the lower low wpters.
ARTICLES. jOpen. jHl-h. Low. j Close.
Wheat No. 2— J
May 65% ($14 63% 66»{
July CG',4 67U 66% 67>i
Corn No. 2—
May 3C»i 37% 36% 37^i
July 37 37^ 36% 37*i
September 37ft 3SU 37% 38'i
Oats No. 2—
May 21>i 22\4 21% 22
July 21*; 22 21% 22
September 20% 20% 20% 20 7 4
Mess Pork, bbl—
July 11 37H 11 CO 11 37% 11 47^
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July 6 £5 0 95 6 83 6 95
September 6 82' .4 6 93 6 82^ 6 93
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
July C 47H 6 57H 6 47>4 6 57'/^
September 6 47HI 6 O7',ii 6 47Vi 6 uo
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, Btpady. No. 3 spring wheaf, 62^65\4c;
No. 2 red, 72@72V4c. No. 2 corn, 37',i<?j37%c: No.
2 yellow, 37%(&38c. No. 2 oats. 22V4'!i23!*c: No.
2 white. 2j>,».c; No. 3 white. 24%<g25'-sc. No. 2
rye. 56Vic. Good feeding barley. 36c; fair to
choice malting, 36V4<i541c. No. 1 nax seed, $1 80;
No. 1 Northwestern, fl 80. Prime timothy seed,
$2 43. Mpfs pork, per bbl, S10 35 #10 43. Lard,
per 100 lbs. $6 S0@6 S5. Short ribs sides (loose).
Jfi 40<S6 65. Dry salted shoulders (boxed), fi'/JSJi
C%c. Short clear sides (boxed), $7@J 10. Whis
key, basis of high wines. $1 25. SuRars— Cut
loaf, 5.87c: granulated, 5.42c; confectioners' A,
o.3Sc; off A, 5.23c; clover, contract grade, 7.50c.
ARTICLES. Receipts. Shlpm'ts.
Flour, barrels 20.000 ]2.000
Wheat, bushels 69,000 81. COO
Corn, bushels 152.000 49S.000
Oats, bushels 317.000 265.000
Rye. bushels 4,000 13.000
Barley, bushels 34,000 12,010
On 'the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 15tJ13c; dairy, 13^
@17c. Cheese, SVi4j9V4c. Eggs, strong; fresh,
UV4C
to repeat yesterday's lively demonstration In i
Pupar in a hope that the traders would find I
rufficiem prl^e movement in that stock to J
yield profits en the day's turn, but the stock j
deveirped its customary obstinacy and refused i
to advar.ee to any marked extent, perhaps to
hold what moderate gain tv?.s made. Its ex
treme range was 2^. and It closed at a net
loss of *fc. The street was flooded with "tips"
this morning rromlslng a repetition of yes
terday's sudden Jump and the professional j
traders took on etock quite llbtraily. The \
clorlng out of short contracts yesterday left j
the market without tujiport on that account •
and the buying did not extend much beyond I
the ranks of th» jirofessional bulls. In spite |
of the announcement of the further advance !
of 10 cents a hundred pounds In refined suijar I
made by the American Company and followed |
by the other refiners ther-» was not tiuflicient
demand f->r the ftock to enable the traders '¦
to tike their profits and the price was brought ;
bark to about where It started under pres- 1
cure of that process. To-day's advance in the j
price cf ref.neJ supar makes a total of 13 |
cents a hundred pounds during the week and i
th~ quick if ¦jonw made by all the companies j
to the advance pave color to the persistent |
assertion that a working agreement has been j
arrived at Ivtwfpn the rival companies. The !
fact of a concurrent advance at the end of
the dull teason in th» trade and with the large
demand incident to the canning ras.n to be !
met detracts from the protestations made with j
officiaJ fsanctlon that business is conducted un- |
that an Irrepressible conflict still rases be- I
fween the r>- liners. American Tobacco made j
a further advance to-day, which was better •
held than that of Sugar and the price of '
Brooklyn Transit wa« bid up sharply when J
large buylnt? orders were detected In the stock. ;
In the general list iher* was some show of j
firmness early in the day, but it was pot well j
held In atay case an' 1 , prices of some railroad
stocks drifted below last night's level. The ¦
Pacifies made the b*>st show of strength, es- I
pecially Northern Pacific, which was affected ]
Ly rumors of an increased dividend rate and j
was benefited also by the timely rains In the !
northwestern wheat country. The buying of '
Northern Pacific was attributed in part to j
Berlin account. International houses were
sellers on balance to some extent, the foreign
markets continuing generally depressed. A
number of the large professional operators in
stocks are preparing for vacation trips to Eu
roj>e and some of the buying of stocks is Eaid
to be the closing out of accounts on the short I
t\6« for their benefit. The small shipment of j
rold for Europe announced during the day
wu not unexpected and had little effect on !
the stock market. It Is understood that It Is
made rvsslble only by rpeclal Inducements i
offered by the IS&nk of France, the occasion j
being the special needs for currency Incident
to the exposition. J
The bond market was dull and email irregu- 1
lar change* In prices were the rule. Total j
•ales, riar value. $1,250,000.
I'nlted States new 4s 'registered) advanced
14 and old 4s ar.d 5s declined Vi in the bid
price.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Ehares CloRlng
Sold. Stock— Bid
l.WW Atchlson v^t^ |
6.5S5 Alchison prefd .V nil j
I.f62 Baltimore & Ohio - 70',
200 Canadian Pacific BJU i
Canada Southern fj-Z i
150 Chesapeake & Ohio 27=i I
100 Chicago Oreat Western ; 12\ '
1,125 Chlca*ro. Kurllngton & Quincy 126',4 j
Z'Jb Chicaco, Ind ft Louisville 23 I
Chicaeo. Ir.d & Louisville prefd 12 I
...;.„ Chicago & Eastern Illinois 101
300 Chic&eo & Northwestern 165 i
1.700 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific lu6%
ESS C C O t S! Louis Oji^
r*i Colorado Southern 6
125 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 4i>£
Colorado Southern Id prefd 104
Delaware & Hudson 113
....... Delaware. Latkawanna & Western.. 177
I>enver. & Rio Grande 1S»;
, I>enver & Rio Grande prefd es
Erio HH
200 Erie 1st prefd 36
130 Great Northern pre'd 1S4'J
WK> Hookins Coal 16
Hoiking Valley 874
Illinois Ontral 1714
IMinoi* Central f 112»i
100 Iowa Central 17V»
Kansan City, Pittsbur* & Gulf. 17
100 Lake Kr'.e & Western %>V t
Lake Krie & Western prefd 23
Lake Shore S12
' t30 Louisville & Nashville S0?4
4,M(S Manhattan Elevated W)^S
2,210 Metropolitan Street Railway U34
»00 Mexican Central 12* I
j
NEW YORK. May 23 —An effort was made
New York Stock Market.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax, $1 90@2 20; Canary, 3Hc
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Al
fuira; nominal; Kape, 2',!S3c; Hemp, 4©4%c-
Timothy. 4fi4Hc
DRIED PEAS— Niles, Jl 90® 2 23; Green. $190
Q2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Alameda Squash and Green Corn
are rapidly Increasing. P'rlnsr Beans are firm.
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 20; small White, $3 25®
3 45; larce White. $3 10@3 20; Pink. $2 50R2 90-
Red. $3 25®3 10; Blackeye. $3 B0@4: Butter*'
nominal; Lima. $5 20® a 30; Pea, $3 4O@3 50- Red
Kidneys. NfiM '.0,
Beans and Seeds.
Conditions remain unaltered, the market be
ins dull.
'FEEDSTUFF'S — Rolled Barley, $15017 per
toft; Oilcake Meal at the mill $26®27; Jobbing
$27 50f«28; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal"
$25; Cracked Corn, $25 50; Mixed Feed $15 50'
$25; Cracked Corn. $25 DO; Mixed Feed. $15 50 '
HAY— Wheat, $7®a for common to good $350
(S'10 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7©9- Oat
SS«ZS; Barley. $5(rj7; Alfalfa, $3®7 DO per ton.
NEW HAY— $4 CO® 7 per ton.
STPwAW— 25©37%c per bale.
More new wheat Hay came In and was bid
In , at $6 MCff7. Other descriptions were un
chanced.
BHAN— $12 60(313 50 per ton.
MIDDLlNGS-$17&20 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60®3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $i 4O®3 30; Oregon
and Washington, $2 25^3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $2 73 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 &0: 'Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal, $2 50-
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $3 25<3>3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $1&4 25; Clacked Wheat, $3 25'
Farina, St 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels). %G<ft7 23; in sacks, $3 75@7; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas. J5 50 per
Flour, and Millstuffs.
Sterling. Exchange, sixty days... — {4 So*;
Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 S9
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17V4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60
Mexican Dollars _ 4S*A 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Nile takes for Cork 71,975 ctls,
valued at $65,375.
Liverpool showed little change, but Paris was
higher again. It will be a holiday in both
cities to-day.
Chicago was firmer, the rain In the Northwest
being counteracted by the advance in Paris
and buying by the French. Corn was firm un
der llsht receipts. There was an Increase In
speculation, owing to reported crop damage.
Broomhall cabled firmer European markets,
duo to frcsts In France.
In the local market futures were higher, but
spot prices stood as before.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 90@91Uc; milling, 93%
©SCVic.
¦ CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 0:15 o'clock— December— 32,
000 ct'.s, 09'^c,
Second Session— December— 26,000 ctls, OS^c;
6000, 'jO%c.
nefrular Morning Session — December — 20,000
ctls. $1.
Afternoon Session — December — 10,000 ctls,
89%c: 10.000, 99%c.
BARLEY— The market Is dull at the recent
decline. 1
. Feed. 70Q72HC for No. 1 and 65Q'67V4c for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades. 75<gS0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000 ctls
71c; 2000. 7O*4c
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Thore Is a little something going on
at the old quotations.
White. SI 10«il 30; Red. $1@1 20; Gray, SI 07U
! @1 15: Black. $1(7|1 07Vi.
CORN— Kastern Eastern large Tellow, $1 155}
1 2<> per ctl: Kastern White, $1@1 10 per ctl.
RYE— D6«97ViC per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Exchange and Bullion.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
CHICAGO. May 23.— The long looked for rain
has fallen in the Northwest, It was reported
when traders climbed into the wheat pit. But
in the face of this news end the report that
there were twenty loads off the English coast
July opened only %@^ic down at 66}i (566140,
and straightway proceeded to recover with a
vengeance. Liverpool wag firm. Paris, in
practical confirmation of renewed complaints
cf backward crops In France and Russia, was
up equal to l*$c. The Hessian fly was said to
be making steady progress with Its destructive
work over the greater part of the winter wheat
area, and while Oklahoma and Kansas gave
promise of heavy crops. Indiana, Illinois,
Michigan. Missouri, Ohio, Kentucky and Ten
nessee, according to to-day's view of the situa
tion, could but show up with lamentably de
ficient crops. Later dispatches showed that
last night's rains were light and the weather
predictions were for fair skies. July wheat
rallied from first figures to 67Vic and closed
strong, **©?*<• over yesterday at 67H@C7Vic.
The corn market was benefited by heavy
buying by bulls, heavy shipping business, firm
cables, light receipts and small country offer
ings. July closed vif'^c up.
The i'ats market was steered by corn and
closed firm, up for July.
Provisions were rather heavy early because
hog receipts were liberal and the market at
the yards weak, but steadied later in sym
pathy with wheat and corn. July pork closed
7Vic higher and lard and ribs each gained
S(&7'^c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date at compered with those of the tame date
last season and rainfalls in the last twenty-four
hours : _
Last This Last ]
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
EtU«ka 0.C4 4S.C2 2344!
Red Bluff 0.00 22-S7 ».« ,
eacram-nto O.uO 20. 2S U.OT
tan Francisco 0.00 IS. 42 16.10 !
Fresno 0.00 lu.14 ..is i
lr.<3e]*>n<lence O.Go 3-to J-*J !
Kan Luis Obiypo 0.W l"-30 16.41 !
Los Angeles 0.00 7.63 5-01 |
Ban Diego 0.00 5.SS 4.W! ,
Vum 0.00 1.29 1-34 j
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature, j
CS: minimum, 4S; m^an, 63.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy and somewhat threatening j
weather prevails over the Pacific slope. Light
rmla has fallen along the coast from Cape j
Mendocino northward.
The storm central oft Vancouver Island this 1
morning has moved eastward and Is now cen
traJ in British Columbia. The pressure has ,
fallen rajudly over the plateau region and has ,
commenced to rise along the Pacific Coast.
The temperature has risen decidedly over ¦
the northern plateau region and fallen slight- ;
ly over California.
Conditions are favorable for generally cloudy i
m-eather in California Thursday with fog along ;
tlie wast &i nieht. ' ,
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours. end!r.K midnight May 21:
Northern Callforn:a — Cloudy, with showers
along the e\treme northwest coast Thursday;
cooler ir. the San Joajjuin Valley; fresh west '¦
wind.
Southern California — Generally cloudy and •
pomewhet threatening Thursday; light west !
wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday; cooler.
Utah — Cloudy Thursday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Thursday, probably
with thunder showers In the northern portion.
J^an Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Thursday, j
with fo« at night; fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
120th Meridjan— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 23-5 p. m.
Weather Report.
Imports of Specie.
Imports cf ppecie at this port during the first
four months of the year amount to J3.2C2.S0O,
tcr.'.r,?: JS, 115.400 during the same time in 1>99. ]
the leading scurc-es being as follows: From
Japan. S2.122.5OO; Mexico. SS70.510; Hawaiian
Islands. $20x140. The descriptions were: Gold
bullion. J^6.C«4G; gold coin, I2.S33.976; silver bul
lion. STi'3,21'6; sliver coin, $!>3,aCS.
The following lumber charters are reported:
Fortuna, Puget Sound to Port Plr'.e. Els 3d;
Luron. Grays Harbor to Honolulu; Manila, |
Puget Sound to Guayaquil, 77s 6d; Onaway. j
Mood j-i-i lie to Adelaide; Sonoma, Pugct Sound I
to Eyflr.ey, 47s 64.
The Oror.asia is chartered for wheat to Eu
rope. 2Ss td.
The Ldygate loads wheat at Portland for |
Europe. 3Js Od: Nesaia, tame voyage, 37s 6d— j
both prior to arrival.
The Mountstuart loads wheat at Tacoraa for i
Europe. 4C« 3d.
Chartcrs.
' NEW TORK. May i3.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's I»ndon financial cablegram says:
The markets here were still heavy,- tdle and
featureless to-day except for consols, which
hardened on the receipt of bullion. Americans
were quiet and firm, closing good on New
York orders. Berlin bought Northern Pacific
Paris was harder in absence of a ministerial
j crisis. The Bank of England received £5000
I fmm Portugal and half a million was re-
London Market.
WASHINGTON. May 23.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve. Rhows-
Available cash balance. {143.470,429; gold, $70 -
CL4,4:4.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, May 23.— Money on call easy
at 1*462 per cent; last loan. 2 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3%<Mtt P«r cent. Sterling
exchange easy, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at J4 S7H®4 S7»4 for demand and
*4 S4»i@4 84% for sixty days: posted rates,
*4 65'.4 and $4 S9: commercial bills, $4 84® 4 84H-
Silver certificates, G0@61c; bar silver. 60c.
Mexican dollars, 47H-c. Bonds— Government,
Irregular; State, Irregular; railroad. Irregular.
Nezu York Money Market
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 62H
B.12J Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 95
Missouri Pacific 6374
Mobile & Ohio : 40Vi
Missouri. Kansas & Texas 10
Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 33
New Jersey Central 116
ESS New York Central 131%
LfiSS Norfolk & Western 38
371 Norfolk £z Western prefd 7S*i
14.767 Northern Pacific CO 1 .*
1,030 Northern Pacific prefd 74**
750 Ontario & Western 21>*
Oregon Ry & Navigation 42
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
1.445 Pennsylvania 129%
£00 Reading I7 l i
J.SflO Reading 1st pr?fd l>6\
300 Reading 2<1 rrefd 2?^
P.lo Grande Western 66
Rio Grande Western prefd 87VJ
1 2S0 St Louis 4i San Francisco 9v»
Et Lnuis & San Fran 1st prefd 6S
S00 J?t I>ouls & San Kran 2.1 prefd 34
St liouls. Southwestern 11
ino St Louis. Southwestern prefd 27'.;
3.920 Pt Paul 115'k
St Paul rrefd 173Vi
200 St Paul & Omaha 115
6.600 Southern Pacific 34",*
2.625 Southern Railway 12Vfe
310 Southern Railway prefd 55
300 Texas £ Pacific 16»i
12.750 Union Pacific 54>«
175 Union Pacific prefd 73 T «
Wahash SH
3W VVabash prefd 214
210 Wheeling & L E 9%
120 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 2C'i
Wisr.tnsin Central IS
Exnress Companies —
] Adams 114
' American 130
\ United States 46
! Wells-Fargo 117
Miscellaneous —
\ American Cotton OH 34V4
! American Cotton OH prefd 90
400 American Malting 3^4
; American Malting prefd 21 Vi
1.542 American Smoltlr.g & Refng 37V4
6S5 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 89
1 American Spirits 2Vi
American Si>lr!ts prefd 17
230 American Hoop 2H4
I'"") American Steel Hoop prefd W 1 *
5,700 American Steel & Wire 35H
L7<» American Steel & Wire prefd 73»i
630 American Tin Plate 23
100 American Tin Plate prefd 75
3S.7 r >0 American Tobacco 92*i
100 American Tobocco prefd 12S
145 Anaconda Mining Co 42
2?,3:<6 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 71H
Colorado Fuel & Iron 37
2.S20 Continental Tobacco 23 T %
330 Continental Tobacco prefd 78%
3. Sir. Federal Steel 34^.
325 Federal Steel prefd 67 *
400 General Electric 133H
10") Gluccse Sugar 474
Glucose Sugar prefd 93"i
SJ5 International Paper 22H
214 International Paper prefd 64^
Laclede Gas 65
National Biscuit 23^i
100 National Biscuit prefd SO
National Lead 1914
120 National Lead prefd 95>4
6!>l National Steel JHJ
525 National Stee! prefd S6V4
New York Air Brake 124
North American I4*i
Pacific Coast 4S
Pacific Coast l't prefd 8 1 )
100 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 58
1.260 Pacific Mail 2&>4
E.575 People"* Gas 99*i
Pressed Steel Car 43
Preyed Steel Car prefd 75
5S9 Pullman Palace Car ISO
Standard Rope & Twine 5"%
S3.9"> Sugar ]14*i
100 Fugar prefd Ill
2.72'» Tennessee Coal & Iron 7SV,
272 United States Leather 11>*
400 United States Leather prefd fS',4
100 United States Rubber 2S»4
United States Rubber prefd 93
70fl Western Union 73>i
*00 Republic Iron & Steel ]4'A
Republic Iron & Steel prefd 56<i
P C C & St Louis 55
354 Third Avenue 112
294.300 Shares so!d.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding. |M K & T 2<is 6S"4
when issued 1<".3H ! M K & T 4s 93's
Y ? ?« reg »M4|N Y Central lsts...lll
U S C* reg lf,S'-i N J Cent cen Cs..l21%
V S Zs r:iup 10.'», 4 N Carolina Cs 130
U S new 4s reg 134'*.'N Carolina 4s 1C6
U S new 4s coup..l34i4JN Pacific 3s 67^
U S old 4a re? 115 14 N Pacific 4s 104>i
U S old 4s coun..llJV 4 IN Y C & S L 4S..IO614
U S 5s reg V<; N & W con 4s 97
U S Es coup 11314 N &¦ W sren 6s 132
; Vie of Coi 3.6*)s....iil .Or Nav lsts 110
Atchlson gen 4s... W) ~ % Or Nav 4s 104
Atchlson adj 4s.... S4'i!Or S L'.ne 6s 129
i Canada So 2ds lOe^iOr S Line eon 5s. .1145*
[ C-nes & Ohio 4Vis.. 9f< Reading Gen 4s.... 8SH
Ches & Ohio f.s....H6^IR G W lets 9»*i
j C & NW con 7s. ...14') S L &-I M con us..110'4j
! C & NWSFdeb r.s.119 S L & S F gen Cs..l24Vi
i Chgo Terminal 4s.. 95 St Paul cons 17C"*
! D & R G lsts 101% IS p c & P Jsts...l2fiU.
! D fz R O 4s SftVS P C & P 5s 12Hi
! E T Va&Ga 1st?.... 102% 1 So Railway 5s 112
i Erie G?r.eral 4s 71^ Rand RfcT Cs... 71
i V W & D C l?ts.. 72 Ter.n new set 3s... f'CU
I Gen Electric 5s ....120 Tex & Pac l«ts....H5
I G H & S A 6« Ill Tex gi Pac 2<ls «7
! G H & S A 2.JS....1O7 Union Pacific 4s...lC."i
I H & T C is Ill Wahash lsts 116
I H & T C con 6s. .111 Wabash 2ds 102
Iowa Central lits.llS West Shore 4s US%
K C P & G lsts.. H% Wls Cent lsts 91V4
¦ La new oor.s 4s....l f iS4 l Va Centuries 93
|L£ K Uni 4.« 100 |Va deferred 8
I So Pacific 4s 83 Colo & So 4s S6
MINING STOCKS.
Chol'.ar IS Ontario 7 2".
I Crown Point 63 Ophir 33
I Con Cal & Va 12') Plymouth 10
i Deadwood &*» Quicksilver 1 75
' Gould & Curry 12 do prefii " 50
i Hale & Norc 21 Sierra Nevada 2S
! Hcme?take BO Standard 3 50
I Iron Sliver 65 Union Con IS
j Mexican 22 Yellow Jacket .... 14
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— (Union Pac 54%
j Call loans 25?3M ; Union Land 2
! Time loans 3t?4iWest End 91
I Stocks— ' Wis Cent 1S>£
j Atchison VAi\ Bonds—
I do prefd 71'<i!AtohIson 4s 100
Am Sugar 114VN EGA Coke 5s.. 69
do prefd Ill Mining shares-
Bell Telephone 310 Adventure 4
Boston & Albany. .241 [Allouez Min Co 1V4
Boston Elevated... 13? 'Amalg Copper S7^£
Boston & Maine. ..133 Atlantic 23
• C B & Q 126%! Bof ton & Mont. ...296
Dom Coal 42 j Butte &. Bost 64
I do prefd 117 ;Calumet & Heela..7f.5
Fed Steel 35 ]Centennlal 16H
I do prefd 07 'Franklin 13
i Fitchburg prefd...l32'i ; Humbcldt 50
Gen Elec 13.V.4 Osceola 65
do prefd 137 ;Parrot 41
, Mex Cent 12M,,Qulncy 13314
j N E G & Coke leH 1 Santa Fe Copper.. 4»i
Old Colony 206 jTamarack 19
Old Dom 16 Utah Mining 3
Rubber 28H'Wlnona 3814
Lead and spelter ruled dull, unchanged on
the basis of 13 97V&'54 02V4 and $4 47H@4 52^4 re
spectively. The brokers' price for lead was
$3 SO and for copper $16 75.
WHEAT— Receipts, 239,573 bushels; exports,
141,513; spot, strong; No. 2 red, 7SVic elevator;
No. 2 red, SO^c f. o. b. afloat, prompt; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 73'ic f. o. b. afloat, prompt;
No. 1 hard Duluth. TTVfcc f. o. b. afloat to ar
rive. Options were fairly active and firmer
to-day on very strong Paris markets, reflect
ing European crop damage news. French buy-
Ing was a feature here, offsetting the rains
in the spring wheat States. Other bull in
fluences were heavy seaboard clearances, a
cash wheat demand and local covering. The
close was strong at %©%c net advance. May,
Jl«4©71fcc closed at 71%c; July, 72H@72>ic,
closed at 724c; September, 72%@73%c, closed
at 73*ac.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice, 7*ic;
mild, market steady; Cordova, 9'/4<gl3VjC. Fu
tures closed steady at net unchanged prices
to 5 points advance; total sales. 13, 230 bags,
including May, $6 73; June. $6 70{?6 75; July,
$6 SO; August, $6 85; September. $6 go^ 93; Oc
tober, $6 90<Sj7; November. $6 95<§7: December,
$7 20; January, $7 25; February, $7 30; March,
SUGAR — Raw; strong; fair refining, 4c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4V£c; molasses sugar, 3 7 4c
Refined, strong; No. 6, 4.S0c; No. 7, 4.75c; No.
8. 4.70c; No. 9, 4.63e; No. 10. 4.60c; No. 11,
4.55c; No. 12. 4.50c; No. 13, 4.50c; No. 14, 4.50c:
standard A. 5.10c; confectioners' A, 5.10c; mold
A, 5.55c: cut loaf, 5.70c; crushed, 5.70c; pow
dered. 5.40c; granulated, 5.30c; cubes, 5.45c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6945 packages; market
firm; Western creamery. lC>-@20c.
EGGS— Receipts, SS41 packages; steady;
Western, 13U&14C. loss .off.
DRIED FRUITS.
The character of business in evaporated ap
ples was a hand-to-mouth order. Buyers are
holding off for concessions and this caused
a rather easy undertone to the market. Prices
at the close, however, were unchanged. Cal
ifornia dried fruits were inactive and irregular.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
V.ifioc; prime, i^igSc; choice, 6^;@7c; fancy.
7H@Se.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%©7c.
APRICOTS— Royal. 12^®14c; Moorpark. 15
©l?c.
PEACHES— Peeled. lS@20c; unpeeled, 7@9c.
Nkv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, May 23.— There was considerable
weakness developed in the market for metals
to-day.
Tin ruled weak and some 23 points lower, on
large receipts and In the absence of buyers,
closing very weak at $C9 50 and sellers at that
figure.
Lake Copper was a shade easier in sympa
thy with favorable cables, closing easy at
$16 75.
Plglron warrants were very weak, no quota
tions riven.
NEW YOHIv, May 23.— FLOUR— Receipts.
18.5S4; exports, 709?; very firm and being held
higher in some Instances Khuis out demand.
Silver declined a fraction. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures advanced slightly. Other cereals as before.
New Hay selling lozv dozen.
Beans and Seeds unchanged and quiet.
Potatoes and Onions continue quiet and plentiful.
Butter and Eggs very dull and more or less weak.
Poultry market overstocked at the moment.
Fruit in very good demand and generally firm.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Meat market as previously quoted.
purchased from the Indian currency depart
ment, which wanted money for large recent
purchases of silver.
CLOSING.
Atchlson. 26U: Canadian Pacific, 93?;; Union
Pacific preferred. 75%; Northern Pacific pre
ly r l "• An aeonda. 8H- Bar silver, steady,
2i 9-16U per ounce. Money, lVi@2 per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
California Fruit Sales.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10@10Uc; medium, 9@9%c: light. 9g9%c;
Cowhides. 9Q9V4c; Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 10c;
Calf 10c: Dry Hides, sound. ISc; culls and
brands. 15c: Dry Kip and Veal. 16@17c: Dry
Calf. 19c: Sheep?ktr.s. shearlings, 15(g30c
each; short Wool, 33@S0c each; medium, 70CiWc;
long Wool. $l(f 1 50 each; Horse Hides. $2@2 50
for large and $1 2581 75 for small; Colts, 23@
£0c. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 40c; fall
cr medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins w- Prime Angoras. Tic; large and
smooth. 50c; medium. 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, r.c per lb; No. 2,
4Jj4>4c: refined. 6c; grease, 2Vs<33c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 13\4<(t17c; Northern defective, 13
<gl5c; Middle County. free. 15g:i7c: Middle
County, defective. 12<<t\oc: Southern Mountain.
12 months'. 125T13c; Southern .Mountain, free,
7 months'. ll@13c: Southern .Mountain, defec
tive. 7 months', lOfi 12c: Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 2O(fi21c: Nevada. 14Sl7c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 6SHc ser lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The situation stands as before.
BEEF— o(86\ic per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 7c; small. 8@SV4c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%@7c; ewes, 6ig6%c per
pound.
LAMB-Spring. SSSV^C r>*r lb.
I'OUK— Live Hoes, 6%©o%c for small and
medium nn<l 5ViSC%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 6UG3^.c; dressed Hogs. 7@SHc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 G5; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6Uc: Wool Bags, 2S%@32Vjc;
Fleece Twine. 7 Vie
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton. $S; Southfleld Wellington, $8; Seattle, |6;
Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. $3; Wallsend. $8; £a
operatlve Wallsend, $8; Cumberland, $12 In
bulk nnd $13 25 In sacks;. Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. S14: Cannel, $11 per ton: Coke. $16
per ton in bulk and $1S In sacks; Castle Gate
and Rock Springs. $8 45 per 2000 lbs.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, In 100-Ib bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.60c; Powdered,
5.20c; Candy Granulated. 5.20c: Dry Granu
lated. 6.10c; Confectioners' A, 5.10c; Magnolia
A. 4.70c; Extra C. 4.60c: Golden C, 4.50c: bar
rels. 10c more: half-barrels. 23c more; boxes,
tOc more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Domlnos, half-barrels, 6.85c: boxes, 6.10c per lb.
¦ , :
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. MAY 23.
Flour, qr sks.... 4.010 Middlings, sks... 210
Wheat, ctls.. 127.738 Sugar, sks 1,485
Barley, ctls 8,233 Wool, bags 80
Oats, ctls 260 Hay. tons .;..... 341
Corn, ctls 1,200 Straw, tons ..... a
Cheese, ctls 40f> Pelts, bdls 40
Butter, ctls ..... TSl Wlno, gals 18,150
Lime, bbls SI Leather, rolls 138
Beans," sks ...... 93 Quicksilver, flsks 45
Potatoes, sks .... 2,349 Hides, N'o.. 368
Onions, sks .. 0"0 Eggs, doz 25,260
Bran, sks ....... 2.233
OREGON.
Oats, ctls ........ 400';
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 7,630 Oats, ctla 160
Hides, Talloxv, Wool and Hops.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7©?c per lb for com
pound and 8V4@?e for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9«c- 10-lb tin?, 9\c: 5-lb tins. lOVic
COTTOLENE— Tierces, S}»@S%c per lb; half
barrels, S*i<gS76c: 10-lb tins, SVic
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy,
lie for light medium, 12c for light. 13c for ex
tra light and 14',4c for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured nams. 13H<t?Hc; Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl: extra Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork, $14 r.OfSla: extra clear. 419; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12&S13C per lb. *
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. HH@l2c for bright and 10V4®
lie for light amber: water white extracted. 7'^c;
light amber extracted, 6%<g7c; ¦ dark, 5"£®6c
per lb.
BEESWAX- 24®26c per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts, Sff^c for Standards and 9@
10c for softshells; Almonds, HVj@12c for paper
shell. 0@10c for soft and • tfihe for hardshell;
Peanuts. 5^iti6»ic for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts. 7^(§'Sc: Filberts, 12Q12\~c;
Pecans, Il(gl3c; Cocoanuts, $4 J.0@5.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. SHc; choice. 7%e; standard. 6'4c;
prime, 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5%c;
3-crown. 6f,«c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesn, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes, in racks, 3%®4c for
40-uO's. 3%c for 50-CO's, 3c for 60-70' s, :%<32%c for
70-SO's, 2c for SC-30's and l%«?l?ic for 90-100' s;
Apricots, 9@l0c for Royals and 10@llc for Moor
parks; Peaches, 4Vi@4%c for Standards, 5c for
choice and SM'Q.Oc for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10
©12%c; Evaporated Apples, 5^@6c; Sun-dried,
3~!g4c per lb; Pears, 3%@4%c for dark and 72Sc
for bright halves; Black Figs. l%@2c; White
Figs, 2@3c; Bleached Plums, 7%c; unbleached
Plums, 6c for pitted and lUc for unpltted.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@5 per chest for large
and $6@3 for small berries. Receipts were 331
cheats.
GOOSEBERRIES— 30®40c per drawer for com
mon and per lb for English. -
RASPBERRIES— $7@9 per chest; Newcastle,
63£f->0c per crate.
BLACKBERRIES per chest; Covlnas.
per basket.
LOGAN BERRIES— $S@10 per chest.
CURRANTS-$4©5 per chest.
CHERRY PLUMS— 33®S0c per drawer.
FIGS— From Palm Springs, $2#2 50; from
Arizona. $2 per box.
PEACHES— 7oc©Sl 50 per box.
CHERRIES— 30©40c per box for red and white
and 30^J63c for black; Royal Anne, E0^85c. In
bulk, 4^fi^c for black and 2®4c P*r lb for
white. Receipts were 2SS5 boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 60-^2 73
per box; Seedlings. $1@1 75; Valencias. $333 25;
Lemons, $1@1 50 for common and $2@2 50 for
good to choice: Mexican Limes. $4 £0@5; Ba
nanas. $1 25®2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $3 50
@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, A r uts and Raisins.
Three cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Navels. $1 S0®2 56; choice Navels,
$1 43@1 95; standard, 65@S0c; seedlings, 53c@
$1 10.
Tragedy Prunes and Clyman Plums broughts
$1 50 per crate.
Green Madeline Pears have appeared.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS — f>0<f?75c per box for Pringles and
75c<?z?l for Seedlings and $1S'1 25 for Royals.
Receipts were 439 boxes.
APPLES— Green Apples. f.0@60c per box for
small and for Red Astrachans, large boxes.
Cherries are slightly higher, owing to re
duced receipts. The canners have raised their
bids In Alameda County, which is a wise
move, as it is reported that new canneries
are starting up here and there, and It is a very
easy master for fruit growers to start small
canneries if the combine squeezes them. Such
would be the 6ure result
Berries continue to bring very good prices
and there Is no accumulation of stock.
Peaches and Apricots keep up, though the
demand Is not very sharp. Arrivals of Plums
and Apples are small. *
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter is quoted excessively dull, though
there is no decline. Receipts have been com
ing In soft during the past day or two, and
fine hard Butter is firm in consequence, while
the soft lots are weak. Eggs are slow and
some dealers are shading the quotations to sell.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 17%@18c; seconds,
17c.
Dairy— Fancy. 16316%c; good to choice. 14®
15Hc: common. 13%c.
CHEESE— New, 7Wj?8%c; Young America, 8®
9%c: Eastern, 16017c; Western, 15@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13@14c for store and 14®16c
per dozen for ranch.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@12c for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25<S1 60; Goslings, $1 25^1 60; Ducks, $4 50@5
for old and $5®6 for young: Hens, $4@4 50;
Young Roosters, $5®6; Old Roosters, $3 50©4;
Fryers. *4@4 50; Broilers, $3®3 50 for large and
$1 75@2 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 76@2 per dozen
for old and $1 75@2 for gquabs.
GAME— Nominal.
The market is overstocked with unsold East
ern at the moment and the feeling Is weak.
Small broilers are hard to sell.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 15®25c per doz:
Rhubarb, 25@75c per box; Asparagus, 25c@$l
per box for No. 2 and $1 25@1 60 for No. 1 and
$1 75 for fancy larse; Green Peas, 75c3$l per
sack for common and $1 25 for Garden: Strins
Beans, 2H@4c; Refugees, 4@5c; Wax Beans.
3',4@3c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes, $1@1 75;
Eez Plant from bos Angeles, 6®10c; Dried
Okra, 32%c per lb; Green Peppers from Los
Angeles, 6@8c; Dried Peppers, S@10c: Carrots.
25@35c per sack; Summer Squash, 75@90c per
box for Vacavllle and $1 50 for Alameda; Cu
cumbers. S0c@$l per dozen for hothouse and
$1 25@1 75. per box for Marysvllle; new Garlic,
4@5c per lb.
POTATOES— Burbanks. 35@«0c per sack: Ore
gon Burbanks. 50<ff70c; New Potatoes. 60@75c
in sacks and 50c@$l in boxes.
ONIONS— New Red. 75@90c per ctl; Austral-
Ian.' $3®3 50 per ctl.
Potatoes are in heavy supply and easy. Onions
are sUehtly off.
LONDON, May 23.— Consols. 101 3-16; silver.
27 9-lCd; French rentes, lOOf 9jc. Wheat car
goes en passage, buyers and ssllers apart; car
goes Walla Walla, 2Ss 6d; English country
markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, May 23.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
Standard California, 6s lV4dS6s 2d; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 5Hd.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 1 California, 6s
%d©6s 2d; No. 1 Northern spring, 5s 9%d.
Futures, steady; July, 5s 8%d; September, 6s
8%d.
CORN — Spot American mixed, new, firm, 4s.
Futures, firm; May, nominal; July, 3s 9T4d;
September, 3s lOHd.
¦' ?
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, May 23.— Dull; bluestem. 6ic; club,
51c.
WASHINGTON.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, May 23.— Walla Walla. 61®52c;
valley 61@3Zc.
Cleared— Steamer Argyll for the Orient, with
13,904 barrels flour.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, May 23.-Clearings, $293,338;
balances. $45,140.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, May 23.— Great excitement pre
vailed at the Cotton Exchange to-day. An enor
mous business was transacted. Prices broke
rapidly immediately after the opening, which
was at an advance of 2<2'6 points on buying by
parties who thought the market had experi
enced decline enough. There was a steady
stream of selling orders from the south and the
room trading contingent were quick to detect
the Inherent weakness of the situation. They
also became heavy sellers. August liquidation
was a feature. The August price broke 33
points from the call figures, this being a decline
of about 100 points since the selling movement
was instituted. The primary cause of the weak
ness was the supprlatlve average of crop ac
counts reachlnc this market and cabled to
Great Britain and the Continent. Foreign sell
ing orders were very heavy. The market closed
at about the lowest point of the day .
New York Cot.ot £Ma ket.
CHICAGO, May 23.— CATTLE— Receipts. 13,
000; steers, generally 10c higher: butchers"
stock active and strong; best on sale to-day,
one carload short horns, $3 75; good to prime
steers, $3 10(f!5 SO; poor to medium, $4 43@4 93;
selected feeders, strong. $4 40(g3 10; mixed
stockers, steady. $3 83@4 30; cows. $3 25^4 60;
heifers. $3 40S?5 25: canners, J2 50@3 2a; bulls,
?3@4 40: calves, U 50® 6 55: Texans, receipts,
4C0; best on sale to-day, two carloads at $5 OS;
Texas fed steers, strong. HS5 25; Texas bulls,
firm, $3 25@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 28,000; to-morrow,
27,000; left over, 3000; 5c to 10c lower: top. $a 30;
mixed and butchers, loffo 30; good to choice
heavy, $5 20(S'5 30; rough heavy. $5@5 10; light,
$5iff5 20; bulk of sales. $5 1S^5 25..
SHEEP— Receipts, 13.000: sheep, weak to 10c
lower; good to choice wethers, $5@5 35: fair to
choice mixed, $4 60©3 10; Western sheep. $o@
5 S3; yearlings. $5 25®D 73: native lambs, $4 50®
7 20; Western lambs, *G@7 20.
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. May 23.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day
realizing the following prices: Cherries (boxes)
—Royal Anne, $1 75 to $2 30. average $1 83:
Bigarreau, $! 23 to $1 63, average $1 43; Black
Tartarians. $1 30 to $2 S3, average $1 40; Chap
man, $1 ;s to $1 CO. average $1 2S: Rockport.
average $1 03; Cherry Plums, average 5Sc. Two
cars sold to-day. Favorable weather.
Porter Bros. 1 Company sales: Cherries—
Royal Anne, $1 43 box; superiors, 55cS$l 45;
Tartarian. 70o«ff$l 3T.: Bigarreau. 8ic(ff« 30:
Governor Wood, f.Sc@$l 2'); Purity, eO#o5c;
Cleveland. 405750c. Two cars sold.
CHICAGO,* May 23.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit to-day at auction: Peaches (boxes)—
Alexander $1 75 to $' SO, average $2 03. Cner
rles (boxes)-Royal Anne, $1 20 to Jl 75 aver
age $1 CO; Black Tartarians, $1 20 to $2 30, aver
age $140; Blgarreau. $110 to $165. average
« 1". Apricots (boxes)-Pringle. average $1 Z9.
One car sold to-dny. Favorable weather.
Porter Bros.' Company sales of California
fruit: Cherries-Royal Anne, 70c® $ I 6a box;
Centennial, $1 15: Tartarian. GOc@$l *0; Big
arreau. 70e; Black F.asle. 70c: Governor Wood
and Rockport, 40@G0c.
Yorkshires secured the majority of the eales
but the home trade and the continent were good
buyers.
Medium crossbreds were firm, but fine cross
breds were in buyers 1 favor. American repre
sentatives were moderate operators. Some gooa
ecoureds were withdrawn.
*32. Giant Powder was quiet at JS5 87%@S5 50.
In the afternoon business was dull. Giant
Powder sold at JS5 25@85.
The Oceanic Steamship Company will pay
a dividend of 60 cents per share on June 1.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGED
WEDNESDAY, May 23— 2 p. m.
Bid. Ask.) , Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— (Eqult G L Co. 9 11
4s quar coup.. HoHHoTji Mutual El Co. 45 46
4s do reg 115%115?i;O O L & H 4aH **V»
Is do cp new..l34«4135 Pac Gas Imp.. 43 46
3s do coupon.-lOSUUO Pac L Co 43 44
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 46T» 47U
Cal-Ft Cab 5s. .1V> — San Francisco. 4»* 4&
C C Water 6s.lOSVi — Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Kd L <fc f 6s..l2SVa — Insurance —
P & Cl Ry 6s.. 113 — FtrenVs Fund. 227% —
Geary-st R 6s. — 95 Bank Stocks*—
U C & S o'fcs.. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 65 —
Do 5s 105% lC6Vi Bank of Cal...41O —
L A Ry 5s — 104Vi Cal S t) & T..1J4 106
L AL Co tis — — First National. — 290
Do cntd 6a.. — — Lon P & A 132«4 —
Do Entd 6s.. 99^101 Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A & P R 5S.1O2H — Nev Nat Banle - -
Market-st 6s...l2S»i — Savings Banks-
Do 1st M 5s.. 117% — Ger S & L...1S30 —
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Hum S & L... — —
N R of Cal 6s.ll3 — Mut Sav Bnk.. 4J& —
Do 6s 116«4 — S P Sav U....505 —
N PC R R 6s.l01%102t; Sav & L So.... 74 7S
Do 5s 10S 1CSH Sec Sav Bk... — —
N Cal H R 6s.ll3 — Union T Co — —
Oak O L&HSs.llt — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6s. ..117 — California 121V4123
Oak \V Co 5s.. — — Geary-st 60 —
Oceanic S Co.. 107 107U Market-st Ry.. 62H 62%
Om C Ry 6s... — 130 O S L & H — 60
P & Cl Ry 6S.1O4H — Presidio 16 —
P & O R R 6s. 115 — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 6s.l2O — California 160 170
Sac L & G R5s — — Giant Con Co. 84*; SSH
S F & SJV 6s. 119% — Vigorlt fft I
S Ky of Ca! t&.lllV* — ' Sugar Stocks—
S P of A 6s....ll4H — Hana S P Co.. 7% SH
Do (1905) 109V4110 Haw C & S Co — —
Do (lat-B) lllfeH3 Honokaa S Co. 34 S4H
Do (1912) — 122^4 Hutch S P Co. 26 2«H
Do 1st eg 6a. — — Kilauea S Co. 20H 21%
S P Rr 6s 129 — Makawell S Co 47*4 43
S V Water 6s.. — 115 'Onomea S Co.. 27*4 2SV4
Do 4s — 103%; Paauhau S Co. S3 —
Do 3d mtg...lO2 — i Miscellaneous—
Stocktn Gas 6s 93 — IA1 Pack Assn.llS4117\i
Water Stocks— ICal Fruit Asn. 98H 89%
Contra Costa.. 71 7tti!Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marin County. ») — Oceanic S Co.. »2% 94
Spring Valley. 94?i 95 Pao A F A.... 2 —
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor Co.149 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P.... 3«4 —
Mornins Session.
Board —
90 Contra Costa Water 71 00
6 Giant Powder Con 85 87^
5 Giant Powder Con 85 75
30 Giant Powder Con 85 50
1C0 Honokaa Sugar Co 34 £0
2oO Honokaa Sugar Co 34 25
100 Honokaa Sugar Co 34 12%
230 Paauhau S P Co 32 W
15 Onomea Sugar Co 2S 25
100 Onomea Sugar Co 2S 12%
$200) S P Branch Railway 6s 129 60
35 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 23
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 00
45 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 12%
20 Spring Valley Water 94 73
Street—
30 Contra Costa Water 71 CO
$3000 S F & S J V Bonds 119 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Giant Powder Con 85 25
25 Giant Powder Con 83 00
5 Giant Powder Con 85 12%
20 Hana Plantation Co 8 00
200 Honokaa Sugar Co 34 25
100 Hutchinson S P Co 25 12%
50 Onomea Sug-ar Co 28 CO
ir.0 Paauhau S P Co 32 00
$24,000 S P Branch Railway 6s 129 23
500 Vlgorit 3 00
PRODUCERS* OIL. EXCHANGE.
Mornlnr Session.
Board—
20 Blue Goose 15 M
10 Home Oil 4 65
200 Yukon 85
Afternoon Session.
Board—
215 Home Oil 4 60
100 West Lake 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 31] 100 Overman 20
700 Con Cal & Va.l 45! 200 Silver HUI 29
500 Con New York. 03! 850 Silver Hill 23
1000 Mexican 29, 100 Silver Hill 27
200 Ophir 69! 2000 Utah 03
700 Ophir 62'
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 10| 50 Potosi *1
150 Best & Belcher. 30 200 Silver Hill 28
I 100 Gould & Curry- 15! 3CO Sliver Hill 23
60 Gould & Curry. U 100 Utah 07
ICO Mexican 27 800 Yellow Jacket. 18
200 Ophir 63
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Justice 02| 200 Sierra Nevada. S3
400 Mexican 27; 500 Sierra Nevada. 32
600 Mexican 2S! 500 Silver Hill 30
200 Ophir 39 5CO Silver Hill 28
6C0 Potosi 22 300 Yellow Jacket. IS
Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha Con .... Co 300 Ophir 63
200Chol!ar 19 200 Ophir 57
300 Gould & Curry. 13 700 Potosi II
300 Hale & Norc. 23 200 Sierra Nevada. 31
000 Hale & Norc 23 300 Silver Hill 28
1200 Mexican .. 27, 400 Yellow Jacket. 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. May 23— 4 d. m.
Bid. Ask.; Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Justice 02 04
Alta 03 05 Kentuck — 01
Andes 05 C6 Lady Wash.... — 05
Belcher 10 11: Mexican 26 27
Best & Belcher. 29 30; Occidental .... 11 13
Bullion 02 03!Ophir 57 58
Caledonia 1 20 1 25 i Overman IS 19
Chollar 20 21!PotO3i 20 21
Challenge Con.. 14 16jSavage 13 14
Confidence 74 76'Scorpion — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 40 1 45 Seg Belcher 01 03
Con Imperial .. — 01' Sierra Nevada. 30 31
Con New York. 03 04 Silver Hill 2S 29
Crown Point... C9 11 St Louis — 12
Eureka Con — 60 Standard 3 65 —
Exchequer 01 03 Syndicate — 09
Gould & Curry. 13 15 Union Con 20 21
Hale & Norc. 23 2!]Utah 07 08
Julia — 03 i Yellow Jacket. 15 17
.. On the Bond Exchange the sugar stocks were
firm. Honckaa rising to J34 tO and Paauhau to
THE STOCK MARKET.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 24, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
New York Grain and Produce.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Shipping Intelligence.
Steamer.
From.
Due
Xg-nac. Marl seal ManzaniUo May 2*
Crescent City... Crescent City May 21
Coos Bay Newport May 23
Columbia Oregon Ports „ May 2$
Point Arena.... Mendoclno May 25
Arcata*. Oregon Ports May 23
Empire Coos Bay May 23
Wasbtenaw Tacoma May 2«
Bristol Oyster Harbor May 28
Pomona Humboldt May 2S
North Fork Humboldt May 20
Tellus Oyster Harbor May 23
Corona San Diegro May 27
Queen Victoria & Pueet Sound May 27
Del Norte Oregon Ports May 21
Gaelic China and Japan.... May 23
Honlta Newport May 23
Curacao Mexico May 23
Willamette Seattle May 23
Universe Oyster Harbor May 23
State of Cal.... Oregon Ports May 30
City of Sydney. Panama May 30
Luxor Hamburg May 30
Santa Rosa San Diego May 31
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
Steamer.
C. D. Lane. Cape Nome.... May 24, 5 pmlPler IS
Kruger Tlllamook May 24. 6 pmjPler 3
Santa Rosa. San Diego May 25. 11 am Pier 11
UmatUla ... Vic & Pst Sd. May 26. 11 am Pier 9
Noyo Cape Kome May 28. 3 pm Pier 2
St. Paul.... Cape Nome.... May M. 2 pm Pier 34
Valencia ... Cape Nome.... May 28, 10 am Pier 3
Coos Bay... Newport May 27, 9 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos Bay May 27. 10 am Pier 13
Colon Panama May 23, 12 m PMSS
Columbia .. Portland May 23, 11am Pter 21
Pt. Arena... Point Arena.. May 2S. 2 pm Pter 2
Is- Mariscal Mexico May 23. 4 pm Pier 13
Pomona .... Humboldt May 23, 2 pm Pier 9
City Peking China & Japan May 29, 1 pm PM39
Corona San Diego May 29, 11 am Pier 11
North Fork. Humblodt May 23, 12 m Pier 2
Australia .. Honolulu May 30. 2 pm Pier 1
Humboldt .. Cape Nome.... May 30.
?Del None.. Oregon Ports. May 31.
Bonlta Newport May 31, Jam Pier 11
City Puebla Vic & P?t Sd. May 31. 11 amjPler 9
State of Cal Portland June 2. 11 am! Pier 21
Steamer.
From.
Due
Xg-nac. Marl seal ManzaniUo May 2*
Crescent City... Crescent City May 21
Coos Bay Newport May 23
Columbia Oregon Ports „ May 2$
Point Arena.... Mendoclno May 25
Arcata*. Oregon Ports May 23
Empire Coos Bay May 23
Wasbtenaw Tacoma May 2«
Bristol Oyster Harbor May 28
Pomona Humboldt May 2S
North Fork Humboldt May 20
Tellus Oyster Harbor May 23
Corona San Diegro May 27
Queen Victoria & Pueet Sound May 27
Del Norte Oregon Ports May 21
Gaelic China and Japan.... May 23
Honlta Newport May 23
Curacao Mexico May 23
Willamette Seattle May 23
Universe Oyster Harbor May 23
State of Cal.... Oregon Ports May 30
City of Sydney. Panama May 30
Luxor Hamburg May 30
Santa Rosa San Diego May 31
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
Steamer.
C. D. Lane. Cape Nome.... May 24, 5 pmlPler IS
Kruger Tlllamook May 24. 6 pmjPler 3
Santa Rosa. San Diego May 25. 11 am Pier 11
UmatUla ... Vic & Pst Sd. May 26. 11 am Pier 9
Noyo Cape Kome May 28. 3 pm Pier 2
St. Paul.... Cape Nome.... May M. 2 pm Pier 34
Valencia ... Cape Nome.... May 28, 10 am Pier 3
Coos Bay... Newport May 27, 9 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos Bay May 27. 10 am Pier 13
Colon Panama May 23, 12 m PMSS
Columbia .. Portland May 23, 11am Pter 21
Pt. Arena... Point Arena.. May 2S. 2 pm Pter 2
Is- Mariscal Mexico May 23. 4 pm Pier 13
Pomona .... Humboldt May 23, 2 pm Pier 9
City Peking China & Japan May 29, 1 pm PM39
Corona San Diego May 29, 11 am Pier 11
North Fork. Humblodt May 23, 12 m Pier 2
Australia .. Honolulu May 30. 2 pm Pier 1
Humboldt .. Cape Nome.... May 30.
?Del None.. Oregon Ports. May 31.
Bonlta Newport May 31, Jam Pier 11
City Puebla Vic & P?t Sd. May 31. 11 amjPler 9
State of Cal Portland June 2. 11 am! Pier 21
AUCTION SALES
ggff^AUCTlON SALE!^^
MAMMOTH CUT LOOSE SALE of the con-
tents of a carriage and wagon repository. 1140
FOLSOM ST.. near Eighth, and 661 to «67
Clementina St.. THURSDAY. MAY 24. at U a.
m. This sale Is called to close an estate and
everything offered must be sold. The stock con-
sists of handsome rubber tire Surrey. Road Bug-
gies, Carts, etc.; 1 first-class 12-passenser Wag-
onette: 2 Hacks, fine cut-down Furniture Wag-
on. 10 fine Express and 20 Delivery Wagons; 5
Buckboards: 30 open and top Buggies; 7 Wag-
ons suitable for bakers. Iaundrymen. etc.; 3
Chests of Tools. Paints. Varnish, etc.; 20 head
of good gentle Horses, suitable for all purposes;
a private Road Horse. Buggy and Harness.
which I consider one of the best that goes over
the road, gentle for lady to drive: 100 sets ne-w
and second-hand , double and single Harness,
Saddles. Bridles, Whips. Robes, etc.; also two-
story Bolldlcg. with elevator. Furniture and
Carpets of a 4-room flat: the building fronts on
two streets: the ground rent only 120 per month;
the flat alone worth the amount. This Is a
grand opportunity for some to engage In a fine
paying business at once, as the good will, build-
Ing and contents are cut loose to the highest
bidder and must be sold. It will pay Intending
purchasers to wait for this sale, as they wlU
surely secure some grand bargains.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
AUCTION SHE!
£* j^ fe
TWO CARLOADS
WELL-BRED. GENTLE. BROKE
HORSES
From HUSEMAX STOCK FARM. Slsklyoa Cfc
A Trial of 24 Hours Given All Purchasers
Sale Takes Place
MONDAY MORNING May 23 1300
__ At 11 o'clock.
Th» highest bidder the buyer regaxdles» of
price. Stock Is now at salesyard.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 Howard Street, near Third.
WILLIAM G. LATNO. Auctioneer.» ¦
ACCORDING to the statement of J. Beach of 519 Sixteenth street, Oakland,
there must have been two men by the name of Thomas H. Jones, one of
whom committed suicide by jumping from the steamer 'San Pedro while
the vessel was lying In Drakes Bay, wheije she put for shelter during a
heavy etorm.
When the suicide's body was found a few days later a search of his pockets
by the finders revealed only a nickel and the people of San Rafael and Petaluma
started a story of foul play, claiming that Jones had been robbed of his money
and then thrown overboard. They offered as a reason for their theory that
when last seen in Petaluma, where he was well known. Jones had exhibited con
siderable wealth and was in company with two suspicious characters.
Mr. Beach's story is to the effect that the body of the suicide is" that of
Thomas H. Jones, not of Petaluma. but resident of Colfax. who had relatives in
Grass Valley. Joseph Shelby, Mr. Beach's brother-in-law and also a resident of
Colfax, left with his wife on the San Pedro for Nome, where they intend to open
a restaurant, and before leaving paid fo~ a passage for T. II. Jones, who was
without funds, and agreed to give him employment In the northern city.
Beach says Jones had five or six friends on the steamer and that he drank
heavily just before his departure on the northern trip. Mr. Beach received a let
ter from "William Rowland, purser of the San Pedro, written at the time the
vessel was in Drakes Bay, stating that It was a clear case of suicide while men
tally unbalanced, and that there was no mystery about the matter at all. Beach
says that his friend Jones had not been at Petaluma and that there must be an
other Thomas H. Jones. This faises the Question of ..what has ; become of the
other Jones, the man with tho money and the suspicious acquaintances.
MYSTERY OF THE SAN
PEDRO SUICIDE ENDS
The protest of plx members of Company
K, First Infantry, N. G. C, against tho
ruling of Major Hendey that E. M.
O'KUey and Otto Schwerdtfeger could not
be candidates for any commission was
heard yesterday afternoon by Brigadier
General Warfleld in the office of Major
Dorn. judge advocate. The whole matter,
it was agreed, should be decided upon a
stipulation of facts, namely, that E. M.
O'Riley was elected first lieutenant of
the company, failed to pass the exam
ining board and be recommended for a
commission: that subsequently at an
election to fill vacancies ORiley, who had
failed to pass for lieutenant, was nomi
nated for the position of captain, when
Major Hendey ruled that he was in
eligible, a« the regulations declare that
no one can be a candidate for the same
commission within six months after fail-
Ing to pass the examining board, and ho
he!d that the intent of the regulation was
that it was for any commission: that the
Protestants claim that the regulation does
rot impose any such inhibition.
'as to Schwerdtfeger. who had failed to
nass for captain, it was stipulated that he
would have been nominated for first lieu
tenant had it not been for Major Hendey's
rl Thc brigadier general will give his de
cision in the matter within five days, after
wl'ich the findings will through proper
channels be forwarded to the adjutant
general's office.
During the hearing Captain Cunning
ham who was elected to command the
company, asked O'Ritey if It was not a
fact tha't an agreement had been entered
Into by himself and Schwerdtfeger to re
verse positions and seek the commissions
In order to "beat the regulations." To
this O'Riley stated that he did not know
of any sucti agreement.
PROTEST FROM MEMBERS
OF COMPANY K INFANTRY
Benefit Will Be for Boys.-
Next Friday . evening an entertainment
will be given in the auditorium of the
Young Men's Christian Association for
the extension of special work for boys
Music, feats of strength by George S.
Michllng. tableaus of sports by fifty of
the association boys, also refreshments,
the latter to be served by the members
of the Mothers' Club, aro mentioned on
the programme.
For a run to Vichy Springs take the
Ukiah excursion train Sunday, May 27.
Fare for round trip $2. Leave Tiburon
ferry at 8:30 a, m.
CONGREGATIONALISTS
WILL CONVENE TO-DAY
The Pacific Coast ConRregational Con
press will hold Its Initial session this
morning in the First Congregational
Church, corner of Pos.t and Mason streets.
Four sessions willjje held in this city and
two in Oakland. Papers will be read by
the leading ministers on the coast. The
programme for to-day follows:
9:30 a, m.— Opening and organization.
10:30 a. m.— Pacific Coast problems: North,
W H. G. Temple. Seattle; south. S. A. Nor
ton San Die&o; Interior. C. T. Brown, Salt
Lake City: central, F. B, Cherington. San
Francisco. '' ¦¦• ,,, ,
; p m.— "Pacific Coast Home Missionary
Field," C. F. Clapp. Forest Grove. Or.: "Fu
ture Relation of West and East": (a) "As
Viewed From the West," E. I>. Hale, Nlles;
(b) "As Viewed From the East,' Secretary*
O M Boynton, Boston: "Church Expansion
and Elimination." E. E- P. Abbott. Chula
Vista, Cal. : "Evangelization of Foreign Races
Resident Here." Chinese. Japanese, Italians,
etc Mrs. K. S. Williams, Saratoga. Cal.
7-45 n m — "The Pacific Coast Churches and
the Orient." A. W. Ackerman of Portland, R.
F. Coyle of Oakland.
DERMOTT WAS NEAR DEATH
WHEN HE KILLED HIMSELF
The body of Thomas Dermott, better
known as McDermott, was delivered to an
undertaker by order of the Coroner yes
terday. It will be embalmed by order of
the relatives, and the funeral will be de
ferred until the arrival of Dermott's sis
ter, Maxine Elliott, who Is en route to this
city with the Nat Goodwin company.
Dr. Leland performed an autopsy upon
the remains yesterday. He found that
even if Dermott had not taken poison he
would have died within a short time, as a
result of a complication of heart and kid
ney diseases brought on by over-indul
gence in liquor. The stomach, however,
was very much inflamed and showed
traces of poison, hence that organ was
removed and given to the City Chemist
for analysis.
MODESTO. May 23.— Hon. Thomas D.
Harp. Senator from this district at the
sessions in 1KK) and 1SD3. died suddenly at
the home of his son. rear Modesto, last
night a.t 11 o'clock of congestion of the
lungs. He was a native of Tennessee,
aged 75 rears 8 months and 23 days. He
was a pioneer of California, and was en
gaged extensively in farming in this coun
ty. A widow and six children survive
him.
Death of Thomas D. Harp.
SANTA ANA. May 23.-The Democratic
County Convention was held here to-day,
the attendance being very lieht. The fol
lowing delegates were elected to the State
convention: W. M. M<Fadden (at large),
M Nt*son R. H. Norton, \V. H. Spur
geon Henry Nelll. Edgar Johnson. Hor
ace Head F. O. Daniels. Belmont Perry
and J B I>ee. Resolutions were passed
Indorsing William M. McFadden as dele
gate from the Seventh Congressional Dis
trict to the Democratic National Conven
tion at Kansas City, and Instructing the
delegates from this county to the State
convention to vote orly for delegates to
the National Convention who would
promise to vote for William J. Bryan
first, la.=t and all the time.
Democratic Delegates Elected.
A certificate duly attested by tho Min
ister of Public Instruction and Beaux Arts
1 am very Klad that this honorable distinc
tion was accorded to you. It Is but a Just
recognition of artistic works which you have
I reduced and which have made you known
in the United States as well as in France.
Receive, Monsieur, assurance of my distin
guished consideration.
B A. DE TROBRIAXD.
The work of Amedee Joullin, artist
painter, has received recognition from an
eminent source. Yesterday the artist was
delighted to receive from A. de Trobriand,
the French Consul, the letter which fol
low s :
Consulate of France,
SAN FRANCISCO, May 23, 1300.
M. Amedee Joullin: I am chargrfrt by . his
Kxcellency. Jules Cambon. Knibassador of the
French republic to the United States, to trans
mit to you the brevet of Officer ot the Academy,
which has been conferred upon you by the
French Government.
of France accompanies the diploma of the
Academy.
The paintings which won the decoration
were: "The Weaver." "Watching tho
Prisoner." "The Carver of Hieroglyph
ics," "The Death of Chief Ramona." and
"The Passing of the Wampum Belt."
In the recognition which Mr. Joullin re
ceives the Native Sons of California are
honored, as he was born in San Francisco
and beean his art studies here. He stud
led twfi years under Virpril Williams and
Jules Tavernier. In Paris he studied un
der Bourgereau, Robert Fleury and in the
Government Academy of Beaux Arts. He
was a professor at Mark Hopkins Insti
tute of Art, San Francisco, for a period of
ten years, replfrnlnp his position to study
the aborigines of New Mexico and Ari
zona.
The decoration which Mr. Joullin will
henceforth be entitled to wear is beauti
ful. It "is formed of palm and oak leaves
in silver, with purple enamel and attached
to a purple ribbon.
The Auditor's statement of the esti
mated deficit' came too late for any action
on the expenditures of this month, but it
ia intended that many radical measures of
economy shall be introduced to save the
city from bankruptcy. It Is the consensus
of opinion among city officials that It
would be much better to leave the streets
unswept for one month than to leave a
large number of bills unpaid.
The Mayor has ordered a general ac
counting up to the first of June and Ex
pert Williams of the Finance Committee is
now preparing the figures. Upon his re
port will be based the measure of economy
which each department will be required to
practice. The sweeping of streets will. In
all likelihood, be discontinued and then
the long suffering taxpayer may also bo
obliged to put up with dark streets all
night Instead of half the night. ¦
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors is now considering the advis
ability of letting the streets go unswept
during the month of June, thereby effect
ing a saving of $28,000. This money will be
applied to making up a portion of the
threatened deficit at the end of the fiscal
year. Three months ago when measures
were taken by the city officials to reduce
the expenditures of the municipal govern
ment it was decided to cut one day off
weekly in * the street sweeping schedule,
thus saving aA>out $2000 per month. It was
agreed that should the deilcit not be wiped
out before then the street sweeping would
be stopped during June and possibly in
May.
STREETS MAY NOT BE
SWEPT DURING JUNE
WICHITA. Kans.. May 23.— The Kansas
Democrats. In State convention here to
dav selected delegates to the Kansas City
convention and instructed them strongly
for Bryan. The resolutions bind the dele
gation" not only to support Bryan for
President, but also to support for the
Vice President onlv a man -who is now
and was in lSW in full sympathy with the
Chicago platform.
Six delegates at large were selected, as
follows: j. A. Johnson of Marion County,
David Overmeyer of Shawnee, James N.
Fike of Thomas. John H. Atwood of
Leavenworth. Dr. C. W. Brandenburg of
Marshall and H. W. Stewart of Sedgwick.
John F. Rowe of Neosho. A. T. Rogers
of Mitchell, E. T. Hackney of Sumner, J.
M Diivis of Bourbon. Earl Blackshoe of
Chase and Harry McMillan of Ottawa
were elected to be alternates at large.
INSTBUCTED FOB BRYAN.
Siorx FALLS. S. D., May 23.-The Re
publican State Convention met here to
day. The platform adopted declares
Bfrainst trusts and favors a constitutional
amendment enlarging the powers of Con
press to deal with them; indorses the free
home. Mil; indorses the currency legisla
tion of Congress, and favors expansion
The following nominations were made*
l»f legates to the Philadelphia «*onvention :
Kmil Brouoh of Turner. George Rice of
Moody. 1^ L. Hostetter or Klngsbury A
H. JJetts of Hanson. C. B. Collins of
Brown, N. P. Beebe of Edmonds, Jamen
2Io!ley of Pennington. GranviUe G. Ben
nett of Lawrence.
Congressmen at largo— Charles H. Burk-->
of Pierce <renc>minated), Eben W. Mar
tin of Deadwood.
Governor— Charles N*. Herrled of Eu
r« ka.
SOUTH DAKOTA REPUBLICANS.
»«» i»ortion of the town being a total
loss. This Includes three fine hotels, a
?;<r.k. Government land office, the post
cflice. the two newspaper buildings and
every business house except two — the im
pletnent of J. E. Bernard & Son
i.nn tr.~ «'.rug sore of Drs. Daly and Hall.
The tr.iire loss is estimated at about
£250,000. The amount of insurance is as
J • t unobtainable, but is said to be far
bel< w actual loss. It is reported that
•»h«-rf- were no lives lost. The people are
being provided for and there is no actual
suffering. Details are very bard to get
< wing to the telegraph office having been
burned.
stroyed by fire last niprht. Thp fire start
ed ;n room 27 in the Lakeview Hotel, and
the- Harness spread rapidly, the entire busi-
ei-^r-.a! Oi^ratoh to The Call.
BEXO. Xev., May 23.— The Fmall town
Df Lakeview, Or., was almost entirely de-
BIG BLAZE IN OREGON.
Touti of Lakeview Is Almost En
tirely Destroyed.
WASHINGTON. May 23.— The Imperial
Council of the Mystic Fhrine completed
Its twenty-sixth annual session here to- j
day. Kansas City was chosen as the.
osteta whore the tribes shall gather next i
joar and June 11 and 12 were fixed as the i
dates. Following long established custom, I
< ach of thp officers for the prect'dinK year j
was moved forward to the position Ira- 1
thedlately ahead <\1 the one or-cupied. the]
only new one chosen being the Imperial
outer fi\i:\rc\. This distinction was unanl
m<>u^!y given to Noble Henry A. Collins
<¦*: Toronto, Canada.
To-nitjht President and Mrs. McKlnlcy
cave : Bpecfa] reception at the Whit' 1
jzo.iff In honor of the visiting Shriner.«.
3t lasted from *>:39 to 10:3') and was large
ly attended; The house was beautifully
decorated f f »r th*- occasion. The Marine
band furnished the music. The President
und wife were assisted in receiving by j
the ladles of the Cabinet.
WASHINGTON COUNCIL
OF SHRINERS ADJOURNS j
Slaughter-Houses Burned.
STOCKTON, May 23.— The Wagner-
Finkbohner Company's big slaughter
houses, a mile east of town, were de
stroyed by fire to-night. Several wagons
and some stock were lost. Tho loss will
umount to about $5001. partially Insured.
Special PlFpateh to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. May 23.— Otto Gronat
ka, the young man who. driven Insane by
excesses, wandered to the hills and made
his den in the railway tunnel near Reed's
station, made an atempt yesterday to
wreck a southbound passenger train. But
for the alertness of Engineer Fred Grant
the plan of the maniac would have been
crowned with success and a serious wreck
have resulted.
The train had just dashed out of the
tunnel when Grant saw a wild figure leap
from the track, over which he had been
bending Intently, and hound up the side of
the cutting to the hilis. The next mo
ment Grant saw that there was a large
coupling pin laid across the rails. He
reversed his engine and managed to stop
short of the obstruction, which might
have hurled an entire trainload of passen
grers to their death.
Gronatka was examined for lunacy
some time ago, but the doctors refused to
commit him to an asylum, claiming that
he was not dangerous. Local trainmen,
however, claim that the inhabitant of
Reed's timnel is a menace to public safe
ty. His latest escapade will no doubt re
sult in his committal to Ukiah, and
search parties are now scouring the hills
in pursuit of him.
GRONATKA ATTEMPTS
TO WRECK A TRAIN
ARTIST A. JOULLIN
IS HIGHLY HONORED
QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY CONCERT.
British Californians Will Honor the
Anniversary.
British Callfornlans will to-day cele
brate the eighty-first anniversary of the
Queen's birthday by a second grand con
cert in aid of the Mansion House fund
for the relief of the widows and orphans
of British soldiers killed in the Transvaal.
William Greer Harrison will preside and
address the meeting. Frederick "W.
d'Evelyn, M.D., will deliver the oration.
The following programme will be ren
dered: "Star-spangled Banner," Miss
Grace I. Davis and chorus; chairman's
address, William Greer Harrison; "God
Save the Queen," chorus and audience;
"Soldiers of the Queen," Homer Henley
and chorus: Irish jig, in costume. Miriam
Smith; "Men of Harlech," Manlloyd
Jones and Cymrodorion male choir; violin
solo. Professor Henry Holmes; Scotch
ballads. Miss Alma Berglund; organ solo,
"Strathcona March," Wallace A. Sabln,
F R. C. O. ; address, Frederick W.
d'Evelyn. M.D.; "Death of Nelson," Pro
fessor Veaco; sword dance, In costume.
Miss Sybil Campbell: Kipling's "Auld
I^ang Syne." Miss Grace I. Davis and
audience: vocal solo. Miss Alma Berg
lund; "The Absent-minded Beggar," Ho
mer Henley; "Rule Britannia," Robert
Lloyd and audience.
The Bishops reappointed the offlcera or
last year, with the exception of the sec
retary and treasurer of the junior auxil
iary department. Miss Stocker being ap
pointed to that place, vice Miss Bishop,
resigned.
At the meeting In the afternoon there
were read the reports of Mrs. J. O. Lin
coln and Miss Elizabeth S. Wade, secre
taries respectively of the Church Periodi
cal Club and the Church Mission study
classes. These reports showed a most
pleasing and satisfactory condition of af
fairs in those departments.
Bishop Moreland spoke on the united
offerings of the women's auxiliary at Its
triennial convention, which will sit in this
city In 1901. He said the amount would
probably reach a half million dollars. The
offerings this year will be divided into
equal parts, the twenty missionary bish
ops and the colored commission being the
recipients.
Mrs. A. M. Lawver, secretary of the
auxiliary, read an appeal for the build
ing of a church at Scndal. Japan. The
ladles pledged themselves to build this
church.
An address was delivered by the ven
erable Archdeacon Emery of the Califor
nia diocese on the "Bishops' Auxiliary
Fund." .
The twentieth annual meeting of the
woman's, auxiliary board of missions of
the Episcopal denomination was held at
St. Luke's Church. Van Ness avenue and
Clay street, yesterday afternoon. It waa
preceded In the morning by services, ¦when
the holy communion waa celebrated by
Rev. John T. Bryan.
WOMAN'S AUXILIARY
IN ANNUAL SESSION
"We were working on coal cars, which
had been run down from the main line
"While I admit that I opened the switch
and forgot to go back and throw it after
my train wont over, it seems to me it
was as much the duty of the other men
to see that it was set right as myself.
McCuen was one of a crew of four men
handling the freight at the Alameda Point
yards. The others were Foreman Joseph
Stormer, Frank Burns and John Bird.
His statement to the Coroner was as fol
lows:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 23.
THE responsibility for the wreck of
the Southern Pacific broad-gauge
Oakland local at Alameda Point yes
terday afternoon has been placed by
the railroad company upon Arthur R. Mc-
Cuen, one of the yard switchmen at the
point, who has admitted that he opened
the switch which derailed the local- and
forgot to throw It after the train he was
working on had passed. Upon this state
ment, which McCuen made this afternoon
to Coroner Mehrmann, the switchman
¦was .given into the custody of Chief ot
Police Conrad of Alameda and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of man
slaughter. Justice Morris released the
prisoner upon his own recognizance. He
was subpenaed to appear to-morrow
evening at the inquest which will be held
In the cases of Engineer Frank J. Shaw
and Fireman Henry Wetzell, who were
killed In the wreck.
Roland Bendell and E. Bendell have
started a Btibscription fund with a check
for $50 for the relief of Engineer Shaw's
family. He left a wife and eight chil
dren, the youngest of ¦whom is only 6
months old. The funeral ¦will be held
Thursday afternoon at 2 o'clock, from the
family residence. 800 Twenty-seventh
street, under the direction of Leland Stan
ford Division No. 2S3, Brotherhood of Lo
comotive Engineers, of which the de
ceased engineer was r prominent mem
ber. Engineers W; R. Hatfleld, Isaac Jor
dan and J. Qulnn have charge of the ar
rangements. Pacific Lodge. A. O. U. W.,
will also take part in the funeral. The
arrangements for Fireman Wetzel's fu
neral have not yet been made.
The cleartnp of the wreck was accom
plished with celerity. All of the smashed
cars were hauled out of the way of traffic
by morning. The demolished tender was
on trucks and out of the way by noon.
Before nightfall the wrecking crew had
the locomotive raised, and temporary
tracks were b*vng laid to move it out of
the ditch In front of the Bay View House.
Had not the engine been reversed it would
have plunged through the front of that
building. As it was, the porch and en
trance underpinnings were demolished.
gineer Shaw had warning of the Impend
ing disaster In time to make a heroic
sacrifice of his life to save the pasnengera
on his train. That report Is verified by a
story which comes from Peter Rodgers,
an employe of the railroad company, who
was In the first car of the wrecked train.
Rodgers declares he heard Wetiel yell
"Look out for the switch" just before the
crash came.
HENRY WETZEL..
"The woman was not fifty feet from my
engine when she stepped on the track."
said Engineer Clark. "I whistled, but she
did not seem to hear It. I threw the re
versing lever over, but It was too late and
the engine struck her full."
She must have rolled under the train
after that, for the body was taken out
from under the wheels and was cut In
two.
The train was bound west and was Just
pulling into Center street station, when
Mrs. Troy' made her appearance walking
down Center street. She apparently paid
no attention to the approaching train and
walked right onto the track directly In
front of the locomotive. In spite of the
fact that Engineer Clark was blowing his
whistle.
Mrs. Troy must have been deeply ab
sorbed In thought or she would certainly
have seen and heard the train. Engineer
Clark says he expected every moment
that she would turn and walk parallel
with the train, but Instead of that she
walked directly in front of the engine.
The train was in charge of Engineer Clark
and Conductor Leitner.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, May 23.
Mrs. Kate Troy, the wife of John H.
Troy, one of the best-known insurance
men In Oakland, was struck by the Sev
enth street local train this evening and In
stantly killed. When the body was taken
out from under the train It was found
that the wheels had passed over her at
the waist, cutting her fairly In two.
Body Cut in. Two — Unfortunate
Woman Fails to Heed tho Warn
ing Whistles of the
Engineer.
Mrs. John H. Troy Meets
Awful Death Under Lo
comotive Wheels.
WALKS IN FRONT
OF LOCAL TRAIN
AND IS KILLED
OAKLAXD, May 23.— The medalists
of St. Mary's College were an
nounced this afternoon. There are
four medals offered for excellence
In various lines, and these are competed
for earnestly during the year.
The Archbishop's gcM medal was won
by Francis E. Michel cf Sacramento for
the be3t essay on "Evidences of Reli
gion." Edward I. Butler stood second In
this contest.
The gold medal given by the alumni was
won by William A. Hujrhes. also of Sac
rarnento. for the best e?say upon "The
United States and a Colonial Policy." In
this competition R. P. Gulchard stood
second.
Tbe Ju3tln gold medal for excellence In
Latin and Greek was awarded to Edward
O. Mallon of San Frar Cisco. Edward I.
Butler stood second in thla contest, a*
well as in that for the Archbishop's gold
medal.
The merit medal for general excellence
was won by Edward I. Butler of Point
Reyes. Formal award-? of the medals will
be made on Friday ni^ht at the gradua
tion exercises, which will be held In the
Macdonough Theater.
W. A. Hughes, E. C. Mallon and E. I.
Butler and. the Other Medalists
Will Receive Awards To-
Morrow.
Francis E. Michel Gets
the Archbishop's Prize
Offering.
WINNERS OF
GOLD MEDALS
AT ST. MARY'S
JEFFRIES AND SHARKEY.
NEW YORK, May 23.— Jim Joffries and
Tom Sharkey will meet to-morrow after
noon and sign articles for a fight in
Aupust, probably at Coney I«land, for the
world's championship. Sharkey ia already
matched to fight Kid McCoy on June 2.
One and a' s>ixt-»«>nth mil"? — Rollins won.
Thomas Carey second, Klue Lick third. Time,
1:48%.
Four and a half furlor.ps— Kid Cox won, Rob
ert Waddell second. Cogswell third. Time,
one and a sixteenth miles— Hold Up won,
Julius Caesar second. Domsle third. Time,
l-49''5.
Hix" furlonjrs— Mlnynn -won. Miss Hanley sec
ond. San M.-iteo third. Time. l:tSH-
Five furlongs — Benson CaWwell won. Bad
Sam second. Lily Pantliind third. Time. 1:03.
One mile— Heroics won. Rosa.vannah second,
Oxnard third. Time, I:43\.
Six furlongs— H< r Favor won, Orion second,
Irm* *i third. Time, 1:15.
ST. LOUIS, May 23.— Odnor and Sir
Gatlan were the only winning favorites
to-day, thi> balance of the card going to
two heavily played second choices and two
outsider?. "The weather was pleasant and
the track fast. Results:
Selling, six furlon??— Castine won, Pamivel
second. Hungry Hill third. Time. 1:16.
Selling five furlongs— Odnor won. Small Jack
second. South Hreeze third. Time. 1:02*;.
P^lllriK, cne mile — Sir Gatian won. Mystery
FC-con.l Parole d'Or third. Time, 1:43%.
Handicap one mile and 70 yards—King's
Highway won. Pinochle second, Laureate thirl.
Time 1:4!^.
Handicap? six furlongs— Tr'.aditza won, MIfs
Mae Pay second. Al?o Ran II third. Time.
l:14*j
Selling. Fix furlongs — Annie Oldfields -won.
Piddulua second. Lady Curzon third. Time,
CHICAGO, May 2.°).— Weather clear;
track good at Lakeside to-day. Results:
CINCINNATI, May 23.— Jockey Boland
carried i.ff the riding honors at Newport
to-day by riding three winners, bt. Ivor,
a I.atonia Derby candidate, started for
tho first time thi's season in the last race,
but alter leading all the way until within
a few yards of the wire, he ljnished in
fourth place. Weather cloudy; track fast.
Results:
One mil? selling:— Osmnn won, Blenheim sec
ond. Dandy H third. Time, 1:42« 3 .
Six and a half furlongs— I nsightly won, Net
tie Recent second Kleuron third. Time, \:2\\t.
Four and a h.ilf furlonss-McAddie wen. IX>g
hea.l pocond. Paequelln thltd. Time. :¦>¦»»».
Handicap, one mile and SO yards— Eberhard
won. Kunja second, galvarse third. Time,
Six furlongs. selling-Pair Deceiver won. G!d
Uw second. You O 1 Me third. Time, 1:15.
Ore mile — Zelmet won, Silver Coin second,
Knghurst third. Time, 1:42.
Hurdle handicap, ona and three-quarter miles
— Kilon d'Or won. Dr. EJcbberg second, Shin
fane thiz-d. Time, 3 ill 3 -;.
Hlx furlrnss— OoM I-ace won. Queen Louise
p«-c-n<l. Lim«- Light third. Time. 1:12»4.
Selllns. live furlongs— Onduris v.on, Gold
Hroib second. Scurry third. Time, 1:00.
T'.ie Oaietv four furlongs—Sweet L»avenaer
won. Mary " M<< Soy second. Princess Pepper
-Ttoe Van Cortland MshweigM handicap, seven
furlongs Vnlcatn won. All Ool<l sicend, Kinnl
k!:;nlo third. Tim?. 1:£$».
Steven furlongs— First Whip won. Precursor
second Sparrow Wing third. Time, l:»H-
XEW YORK, May 23.— The Gaiety for
two-year-olds and the Van Cortland for
three-year-olds and upward were the stake
features at Morris Park to-day. The last
named proved to be one of the best races
at the meeting, three horses linishing
heads apart. Vulcain, the favorite, had a
shade ihe letter <j! it in tne last sixteenth
and managed to win by a short head on
;he post. ,
The Gaiety stakes went to the second
choice, -Sweet Lavender, "after a clever
race. Anecdote and Kducate. coupled aa
tho Walden entry, were favorites, but fin
ished far hack. Results:
Sweet Lavender Leads the Way in the
Gaiety Stakes— Boland Scores
Three Brackets at
Newport.
Highweight Handicap at
Morris Park Won by
the Favorite.
VULCAIN HOME
FIRST IN THE
VAN CORTLAND
Alleged Nobleman Will Be
Sentenced on Next
Monday.
Denis Clark Swartz, Who Robbed M.
Ccnnell and Threw Him Down '
an Embankment, Gets
Fourteen Years.
«
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. May 23.
Simon L. M. von Vetsera. the young
footpad who for a week terrorized the
y of Pan Francisco and was arrested
on the night thai he transferred his base
operations to Oakland, pleaded guilty
to-day before Jucifre Greene to a charge
•f robbery. He will receive his sentence
next Monday. The crime to which Vet
¦ ia pleaded cuiky was the holdup of
young Harris Allen, whom he met on
Alice street, noar Thirteenth, and at the
point of an antiquated pistol demanded
ma money. AUen was positive in his Iden-
Unc&Uon cf \ etsera at the laUer's pre
usitnary examination in the Paiice Court.
l>!Ftriet Attorney AUen moved for the
of two other charges of rob
i^.y Pcndi-g .-.gainst the alleRed noble
raan, because ot insufficient evidence, and
Juose C,reer- took the request under con
£id»--ratirin.
The young Austrian smilingly ans^vored
to his r.ar.e when it was c'allod, and
to feel no pangr« at the thought of
hi? position.
k Der.is Clark Swartz pleaded guilty be
fore Judge Greene to the charge of hav
ing held up and robhed M. Connell. a
>>i!es= chicken rancher, and was given
fourteen years in San Quentin to bemoan
t^he day that he turned highway robber,
t-v.-artz met Connell on the Nile? Canyon
Jf-ad and afked for a ride in the latter' *=
¦wagon. Reaohingr a lonely fpot Swnrtz
lixrr'w Connell off the waron and over a
deep err.bankrTifr.t lino iho dry bed of
Niles Cr^ek. He then climbed down the
tank and rifled the unconscious man's
perkets. securing about 1301
Fred Martin, charged with attempt to
rrb the residence of Valentine G. Hush
nt Fruitvale. pleaded not guilty, and his
iriai was set for August 14.
John Elliott, alias Russell, the youth
wno was laid out with a poker while at
tempting to commit burglary at the resi
<Vn<~e of \V". H. Pric»>. in Kast Oakland,
declared his Innocence and asked to be
committed to a reform school. Judge
CJreene set his examination for June 8.
SIMON VETSERA
PLEADS GUILTY
TO 0NE CHARGE
SACRIFICED THEIR LIVES
TO SAVE THE PASSENGERS
Proof That Wetzel and
Shaw Boldly Faced
Death for Others.
»
Brakeman A. McCuen
Confesses That He
Left Switch Open.
to the siding to be weighed. The srrttch
had been opened to take the cars off to
the scales. I opened It and went down to
another switch and then rode out on the
cars. I did not pay any attention to the
switch after that."
The switchman said he had not worked
at the point more than eight times and
was not as familiar with the switching
as other men in the crew. To Trainmas
ter A. H. "Walker, who has charge of the
running of trains on the broad and nar
row gauge system, McCuen made similar
admissions. Division Superintendent Fra
zler has suspended McCuen, but none of
the other members of the yard crew has
been relieved from duty.
Trainmaster Walker made the following
explanation to-day concerning the acci
dent:
"Tho switch which caused the trouble
is known as a ground switch. After dark
a light is set at the lever so that if It is
not 'thrown' the engineer has a red dan
ger signal to guide him. During the day
time there is no signal for this sort of a
switch, although the trainmen can usu
ally see the condition of it.
"The yard crew went to work hauling
coal cars on the narrow gauge transfer
freight boat. They would run them from
the narrow gauge spurs down that por
tion of the main line which has a third
rail for the broad gauge, and then at this
switch the narrow gauge elding to the
scales and yard is met. After leaving thia
there is no third rail. With the switch
point flat against the rail, the only result
was to throw the broad gauge train off
the rails entirely, for its wheels could not
meet the narrow gaupe track.
"Within eight feet from the point of* the
switch the engine left the track and then
pounded over the ties and timbers.
"McCuen should have attended to th*»
switch after he drew it to let his train
back on the siding. He has been work
ing about the yards off and on for a year
and should have been familiar with thf
duties. Nothing has yet been done in re
lation to the other men. Those in charge
of trains are responsible for the acts of
the switchmen and brakemen under
them."
Engineer William Osborn, who had
charge of the yard engine at Alameda
Point, made a report to Trainmaster
Walker to-day, which indicates that En-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THIHISDAY, MAY 24, 1900.
Amedee Joullih and His Decoration.
9
FRANK J. SHAW.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Gyres Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Sti&e
of the Diseis?.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other Treatments Failed
to Even Help.
There has been discovered by the State
Medical Institute, 203 Elektron building.. Fort
Wayne, Ind., the most remarkable Blood Prison
cure ever heard of. It haa cured .^all such In-
dications as mucous patches , in the mouth,
core throat, copper colored spots, chancres,
ulceratlons. on the .body and. In hundreds of
cases where the hair and eyebr.iws had fallen
out and the whole Ekln was a mass of bolla,
pimples and ulcers this wonderful i pecifle has
completely changed the whole body into a
clean, perfect condition of physical tealth.
Every railroad running into Fort Wayne bring9
scores of sufferers seeking this new and marvel-
oufc cure and to enable those wJia cr.unot travel
to realize what a truly marvela'j* work the In-
etltute Is accomplishing they wlU send free to
every sufferer a j free trial treatment • bo that
every one can cure themselves »n % ihe privacy
of their own home. This is the oily known
cure for Blood Poison. Do not nesitate to
write at once and the free trial will be sent
sealed in plain package.
— ... . .. — .
GRAPE-NUTS.
A SCIENTIFIC BREAKFAST.
Rightly selected food uill cure more
than haJf the diseases. Try a scientific
snd healthy breakfast: Fruit of sonic
kind, preferably cooked; a dish of
Grnpe-N'uls, with cream; two soft-
boiled eg?s. Put two eggs in a tin pint
cup of boiling water, cover and set off
f&r nine minutes. Whites will then be ths
coT!si?trncy of cream and most easily
digested. One slice of bread with but-
ter; cup of Posttim Cereal Food Coffee.
On that breakfast you can work like
a hor^e and be perfectly nourished un-
til noon. Your nervous troubles, heart
palpitation, stomach and bowel trouble?.
kidney complaints and various other
disorders will gradually disappear and
firm solid health will set in.
Why? You have probably been Iiv-
ing on poorly selected food — that is.
food that decs not contain the required
elements the body needs. That sort of
food, and coffee, is the direct or indi-
rect caur^e of more than half the ills the
human body acquires.
Grape-Nuts is a .perfectly cooked
food and both that and the Postum
Food Coffee contain fine microscopic
particle; of phosphate of potash ob-
tained it: a natural way from the j?rain>
of the field and by scientific food ex-
perts incorporated into food and drink.
That element joins with the albumen in
food to imke matter, which is the
filling of the brain cells and the nerve
centers all over the human body.
A man or woman thus fed is scien-
tifically fed and rapidly «rows in vigor!
j'.nd vitality, and become* capable ofi
conducting successfully the affairs ofi
life. To produce a perfect body and a j
money making brain the body must
hare the ricrht kind of food, and the ex-
pert food specialist knows how to make
it. That is Grape-Nuts and Postum
Ccrer.! Food Coffee, produced at the
jure food factories of the Postum Ce-
real Co., Ltd., at Battle Creek, Mich.
LEADING AMERICAN COMPANIES.
STATEMENT STATEMENT
OP THE OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE * OP THE
iafinna! Firs Snrinfffifilfl s
llQllUIIOI I 110 v|JI lllgllUlU Marina
INSURANCE COMPANY INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OP CO?*- C% P SPRINGFIELD. IN THE STATE OP"
nectlcut, on the Slst day of December. Massachusetts, on the Jlst day of DecemW
A D. 1S33. and for the year ending on that A. D. 1839. and for the year ending on that
day as made to the Insurance Commissioner day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro- of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political visions of sections 610 an4 611 of the Political
Code condensed as per blank furnished by tha Code, condensed as per blank furnished by t&»
Commissioner. Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
CAPITAI*. Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In Casn IU0O.0OQ »
Cash $1.000,000 W ASSETS. "¦
„ Real Estat* owned by Company.... $1*9 «v> 00
ASSETS. Loans on Bond and MorUr»Re <4?Is0O 00
. _ -_, „_ ,, Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Real Estate owned by Company $3?7.n5 « Bonds owned by Company 3 Ml 533 00
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 736.040 00 Amount of Loans secured by pled**
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and of Bonds. Stocks and other market- :
Bonds owned by Company t.907.8SS 00 r"^',"?!''"!!^" of&i"* 1 * US M
— -v . t» w <m cic » casn in L.ompanjr« oince. ............ 17 *n 41
Casi in Banks 23t.«l« 1« Cash In Banks 114 ffii 11
Premiums In due Course of Collec- Interest due and accrued on all
tlon '. 433.477 IS Stocks and Loans SO 393 03
— — — — Interest due and accrued on Bonds
Tc_al Assets U.t4l.31S S3 and Mort rages 1S.H3M
— Premiums In due Courso of Collec- '
tlon JM.994 gs
LIABILITIES. Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
Losses Adjusted and unpaid |*SU * Jj& J*J £&&??..???*' ""' m »
Losses In process of Adjustment or Due frora otheP companies for Ve^
In Suspense 114.355 IS Insurance on losses already paid... S.845 50
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 15.W0 U *
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- Total Assets <4.9T)g.939 09
nlng one year or less. $1,573,753 10; LIABILmES.
re-Insurance 60 per cent 787.S76 55
Gross premium, on Flre Risks run- &£ iF££?& "X^Y^ M
nlng more than one year. $1,936,- | n Suspense ¦. 129.335 »
432 93; re— Insurance pro rata. 998,291 47. Losses resisted, tnelurtin? expense*.. »|soi 13
All other demands against the Com- Gross premiums on Flre Risks run-
„«„•» 1T7 4<mi t» n * n K cne year or lM3 . $1,233,272 22:
pany • 177 ' 4S * " re-insurance 50 per cent k «17.6MH
Totat I iah!'itip« $» 172 521 95 Gross premiums on Flre Risks run-
Total uaDi.i ties »" 1 " 5 - 0 - — nlng more than one year. $1,631.- .*.'¦%
773 62: re-lnsuranee pro rata &S.943 IS
T-wr-nxrir Commissions and Brokerage dua and
income. to become due 72.5M JJ
Net Cash actually received for Flre — _^___
premiums $3,179.U« 9S . Total Liabilities $1.TO.S<> 73
Received for Interest on Bonds and INCOME =====
Re^d B for-^^"and-d^nd; *~ "
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from Received for Interest on Bonds and
all other. sources..... 142, 1W 61 Mortgages • - 89,341 S3
Received for Rents 912 11 Received for Interest and dividends
Profit on sale of Real Estate ¦ MOO 00 en Bond., 143 ,„ n
Total Income $2.369.IS< 5* Received for Rents «i 4.537 71
"' Total Income ..St.i»7S.ji«6 s>
EXPENDITURES. EXPEXDITTTRE9. '
Net amount paid for Flr» Losses (In- N>t amount paia for F i re Losse, (ln-
eludlns J175.051 22. losses of prevl- eluding *173.9«1 44. losses of previ-
ous years) $1,356.437 43 ous years) $1.0(^.249 41
Dividends to Stockholders 120.000 00 Dividends to Stockholders 110,000 09
Paid or allowed for Commission or Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 409.4K 04 Brokerage 300, £8* (4
Paid for Salaries, fees and other Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerk9. etc 190.134 2S charres for officers, clerks, etc... 110.105 IS
Paid for State, National and local Paid for State. National and local
taxes 83.036 43 taxes 83,354 73
All other payments and expendl- All other payments and expend}-
tures 209.383 65 tures «6.313 33
Total Expenditures $2.368.548 S3 Total Expenditures .tl.!CT.2<5 24
Losses Incurred during the year $L374.K3 97 Losses incurred during the y<*ar $1,063,133 83
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums. Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks Net amount of Risks '.
written during the written during the
year $138,694,936 $2,797,574 16 year $311,734,528 $2,133.207 83
Net amount of Risks Net amount of Risks
expired during the expired during the
year - 232.220.269 2.616,643 01 year 186.963.513 J.084.323 t3
Net amount In force Net amount In force
December 31. 1S39 341.874,125 2.512.236 03 December 31. 1399 2S2.CflS.341 2.587.043 M
_ JAMES NICHOLS. President. A. W. DAMON. President
B. R. STILLMAN. Secretary. ; y 8. J. HALL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
23d day of January. 1900. 2Stn day of January. 1300.
FRED B. SE1MOUR, Notary Public. ; P. S. BA1LET. Notary Publlfc.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
4O9 CALIFORNIA STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
GEO. D. D'ORNIN, GEO. IA/. DORNIN,
•;¦'¦. Manager, Assistant Manager,
PCITY (S. F.) DEPARTMENT:
H. C AHPEL & CO., Agents,
215 SANSOME STREET.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 24, 1900.
10
SAX FRA.\CISCO CALL.
BCEXKBSS OFFICE of Tbe San Francisco
Call, corcer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every n!«;ht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until i>:30 p. m.
"(¦•0 Hayes street; open until 9:33 p. m.
»"39 M.-Alllster ttreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
Cli I^rkin rtreet; DfCa until 9:30 p. m.
1H1 Miwiicn street; open until W p. m.
rrn: Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til I ?. m.
ldC E'.cver.lh street: cpor. until I p. m.
lij'.-t Valencia street: rpen until 9 p. in.
Northwest comer T«>ntr-s»ccnJ and Ken-
tufky «trert?; r,r*n until 9 p. m.
3IEET1XG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodffe No. 1. F. and A. m
M-. will n.eot THIS aHlTiSlMY) __
KVKNINO. May 24. at 7:S» o 1 clack. JLJ%
TliirJ derree. Uy orCer of the Master. *^r
FRANKLIN H. IJAY. Secretary.
IX3RIC Lo«!_e No. 21C. F. and A. M.— •
Sl^-ial m^etinj: THIS (THntSDAY) -JTL.
KVENING at 7:20 O'clock. Third de-^EjP
KTvc. By order of the Master. '
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
TEUBA nuena Lodge No. IS. I. O. <«_*_ij.
O. F. — SCofnlaattoa for officers T<iR-
nm EVENING.
J. I>. SCKLOEN, N. G.
OFFICKIiS and ir.embersof Franco-
Arnerican Lodpe No. 207, L O.
O. F.. are hervby notified to as- ; iS^>£*5??
•err.ble at their lodgeruo— i. Odd '""'
Keilows' Hall. F1UDAT. May 25. at S o'clock
ai of' our late brother, JEAN MARIE
PICHOX. By order of E. DAUCHKR.
Noble Grand.
A. L. AL'RADOr, Recordlr-ff Secret—}-.
WESTERN ADrTlTION Lr~d«e No. <.-«_(MU_v,
2i.">. I. O. O. F.. will have laitla- ¦^S'__?!^.
tion on THIS
EVENING. U_y 24. 1»W. sVttW*
G. A. TUAUTNER. N. G.
Wll. F. LEE. Fltaincial Secretary.
T?i E 6. K. ScotTi sh Thistle Club . •_¦ -fc.
rr.«ets THIS (THnt?DAV) EVEN- t*s)i1
ING. Fraternity Hall. 32 O'Far-
r^ll St.. at S o'clock. Invitations '* K *7 I »
for the creat er.frtair.nier.t to be given at
Metropolitan Tenure June 21 will be dis-
tributed. JOHN BOSS. Ro>«4 Chief.
tJlX'UGE ". PATERSOX, ilecorder.
BI'JUNG 1300 er.tertalnnierit and v V/ >,.
tf.-r.ee nil: be given by the Caie- 3« _,U_
_OB_a Club in Scottish Ha'.l. 107 -_.x£*
Larkln et PBIDAT EVUNING. **?•
May "Z. EnteTtainraent will commence at
S o'ri'Kk sharp. ile-inbe— s and their friends
are cor£i_"y invited to aitend.
A. M<-LEOD. Chief.
AXDRSW UeKAXn, Secretao 1 -
THE Oaledotlla- Club win hold its V «y n.
thirt>-rourth annual r*therins and ?S U Jj
ga— 1-« «tt Hli<"Il Monr.«l Park on "_.«*_&
lVE_?*ESDAT. May 30. The best **:_?&
cthletea of the Pacific Coast will compete
fcr prir««. Over XZI>'jO will be distributed.
F_l ba:i«li! for pavilion dancing up to $
p. m. Baeripers :or platform and fancy
pet one. A Hich'ard welcome with a full
day of pleasure to all. Buy round trip ferry
tirkcts :or Fhell Mound Park. Admission to
jrrcur.ds. aflul;?. Wr; children. 25c.
ANNUAL, ni^etirg — The regular annual meet-
ir.g tt the stockholders of tbe Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at 227 Market
tt.. Han Frarcisco. California, on MONDAY,
the Zlth day cf May, 1S00, at the hour of 1 p.
la.. Icr the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to eerve for the ensuing year and the
come before the — i»>»-tir.g. Transfer books will
close on Friday. May IS. isoo. at 3 o'clock
p. rn. CHAS. A. GIBSON. Secretary.
ANNl'AL meetinK— The regular annual meeting
«.f the stockholders of the Independent Elec-
trlck 1-:f! •. and Power Company will be held
at tb» o.'rice ot the concur, 3J7 Market st.,
Francisco. Cai., on MONDAY, the 23th
day of May, A. D. VjOO. at the hour of 11
«->>lr.rk a. m.. for the rurpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for tbe ensuing
y»>ar ar.d the transaction of such other busi-
r.ess as may come before the meeting: trans-
fer books will close on Friday. May 25. 1SO0.
et I o'clock p. m.
J. M. TAYLOR. Secretary.
AGENTS WAXTED.
AOKNT. man or woman, to handle new book;
F2lary ar.d oorr.m'.sslcn. Apply 611 Montgomry.
ASTROLOGY.
KROF~A~MASnKT~of Ejrypt. greatest astrol-
oglst snd palmist in the world; satisfaction
rtunr.twi 1 .. 15 Powell st.
ATTORXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE »re«: divorce law a specialty; private:
no fe<> without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE. atty. at law, &T.0 Market.cor. Stockton.
R Vf. KING. S2T Market St.. room 627; ell
casoe: no advance charges: call or write.
ADVICE free; no char— e unless successful. W.
W. lJA\nDSON. S27 Market St.. opp. ilasm.
lTsTcLARK, Emma Spreckels bldr-. 927 Mar-
ket Ft: consultation Tree: no fees In advance.
BATH CAIIINirr HOT Altt. VAI'OIt.
iiOBlNSON^T^panel Jcldlng; door opens; flrm
nr.4 sa'e. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt., 4"6 E11U.
UELGI1> 1IARBS.
CA1-7fX)RNIA BELGIAN HAHE ASSOCIATION
CAPITAL STOCK, $25,000.
A thorough !y reliable and responsible com-
pany, with more Imported and hlgh-claes anl-
mali than any other company or individual
in America.
WANTAGE FOX (Score 9«); fee tM 00.
-Mrs. A. M. Bush, official scorer, says he Is
the most perfect buck *he'e%-er scored.
CHAMPION DITKE OF CHESHIRE; fee 150.
Eneiai:d'c latest champion and winner of 13
CrFt ijrir.es and polii me.lal.
\\> are now receiving a laree number of an-
imals direct from Kr.glar.d. Watch for our ad-
vertisement of them.
Herr-ember. we guarantee all animals and
xxxiierf-** to be <UKt as we represent them, or
money refunded.
GEORGE A. TOUNG. Manager.
W*-b«ter-street Station,
Narrow-gauge r. r., Alameda. Cal.
AT THE ~HEA»" OF OUR STUD— Imported
FASHODA KINO, by champion Fashoda, out
at doe by Pride of York. Choice pedigreed
4n»». Just received. Bt reasonable rates. Our
npedaltr, rabbitry suiiplies nt all kinds: nurse
does rfTited. Oolden <iate Belgian Hare Co..
6C9-C11 Gol^.ea Gate av». : tel. South C51. Open
Sundays & eveninrs. Ira Baker Dalziel. prop.
THOROI GHRRnn Ho!riaii»<Joes. bred to Royal
Eovrreifrn. $10 to $20; to Hmperor of Norfolk.
¥#> to $30; to AJax (hlsheet-scorinc buck In
America », S30 to $50; younrsters. ail straini. 6
weeks. $! :i(>; 10 v*c|:«, $3 r.fi; 2 months. $5 and
$7 r."V Kenwood Rabbitry. tS8 14th St., Oakland.
CLAHEJJOXT Belgian Har* Association— Does
bred to Fashoda Prince and Royal Rochdale.
J10 to $C-G: best etra'.n youngsters, tt to $15.
ttU Tf-'.eRraph ave., Oakland.
LTiRD Fpshoda Chief, importe.1 March. I'lOO;
eccrr. SH*; fee. $1E: l)re«<ilnir does and does
with litters. Ei;Ri:KA RArJBITRY. ISIS Turk.
TKHMONT BelRlan H?re Co.. 2184 Filltn.re Kt..
San Francisco. Col.— T*nd < c*nt« in stamps
for book or. car* nn<3 fee<Jin«r.
BICYCLES^— For *«Ic or I£xcha__-e.
KJEW c>veiand bicycles; better than ever; $40.
l.nAVITT fBILL. 3C« Larkln st.
GREAT bcrcains in second-hand bicycles; from
Si ur>: send fr r llrt. LEAVITT & BILL. 309
Laikir. pi.. San Francisco.
ROARDIXU FOR CHILDHICN.
GEHMAN lady wishes to board ChUdren. near
echor'.; terrnit i"»s. ; sur.ny yard. 429 Minna.
BOOIiS— SEW AXD OLD^
SCHOOL BOOKS br<ucht nnfl" exchanged'
Hoimes Book Co.. 704 Mission st.. near Third.
BOOT AM* SHOE nAUGAIXS.
BARGAINS, ladles' and children's «hoes;drum-
h-.te' s.-.m?.l;s rr.fg. r^t. Kohlb'chef. 145 4th.
DCSISCSS CUAXCBS.
A— $i:W; 8TATIONERY"~an^ variety"" •tore":
prominent ttreft north of Market; owner
there over 30 yea—; living rooms; low rent;
Heady bUFincss. STENBKRG CO.. 825 Markt.
A— $1000-ItE6TACRANT; hanjwood furniture.
Monej-niaker
7 furnished roomr ; owner € years; clears fl_>
month. STKXBERO CO.. S35 Market et.
A— *ST*O — LAUNDRY route cleartng $10 a month:
pood hcrse anad wagen; full Investigation and
trial solicit* <1 before buying; »j)len<lid opportu-
nity. KTENBERG CO.. S35 Market st.
A— S4S0; Branch bakery, erocery and notions; 4
blocks from Market ft.: 4 living rooms; rent
only J13; bargain. ETENBERO CO.. 935 Mkt.
ASTONISHING opportunity «C000 will handle
It) — Grand S-story brick hoti-l; 75 beautifully
flr.ished rooms; all elegantly furnished; bar.
etc.: corner let, 100x200 ft.; constantly over-
crowded with boarders ar.d !2-day transients;
b^st city in State; con and worth $«0.C00; free
cf «Jrbt, but owinc to peculiar circumstances
1s offered for $12,000; better than stated; It's
a Irx.l who doubts without investigation.
Iff. D. 6XCE__, the Land Atent, 10 Geary.
To rent— For roal yard, milk depot, etc.; flne
location: place Is entirely covered and con-
tains 2 Btaiis: rent only tlS: water free. In-
quire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. S14 Call
building.
XIM— PARTNER --anted; light Indoor business;
will j.Ry over $60 per month to each yearly.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777% Market st.
$3T*— FINE candy. Ice cream and stationery
rtore; Rood Sutures; flne location; a great
barenln. LANE & CO.. 855 Market *U
flTS Bt."TF paying saloon; must aell; coins
East; a snap. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market.
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED. CLAIRVOYANTS. EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
TO my customers and friends— I have removed A MRS. DR. CLARK RESPECTABLE~"7*rson~wishes laundry work
my real estate and business acency to 26V4 THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM. by the day good worker- city references. Bex
Kearny St.. rooms 9 and 10. Thanking you for PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK 1815. Call. '
past patronage. I assure you that all orders ft., may be consulted on all affairs of life;
T/Ul be, as before, promptly attended to. R. she will show you how to overcome your ene- AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
O. WILKE. mles; remove family troubles; restore lost af- keeper or aa cook on ranch; good reference.
fections; unite the separated : satisfaction MRS. M. LISTON, P. O. box 27, Haywards,
A-J275; clsar fctore on East st. opposite the I guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular Cal.
ferries; low rent; a small investment but ti with special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 203 ~. T .._,, ¦- r;
S>« K *il>K^O.VWlI^I^2rH;ICe_-y,,_ j Turk T. near Jones. . ffif^r^.^lSff^K^ SlTJ J?fi
A— $1250: SALOON, elegantly fitted up; estab. MME LANGE the great clairvoyant, tells past. week: convenient and respectable: fre« 'bus
years and doing a good paying buiitness; place future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian and baggage to and from ferry.
located close to Palace Hotel: rent $50; lease; 6e cret; shows picture future husband or wife; rj KtiVTV ..- n ¦¦ ; ~ .,,v«^ r ,r.ttnn'«
large Ftock. best quality; a rare offer. Call fee 23c and upNatlsfactlon to everybody: open CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
It. O. WILKE; 26^ Kearny st. Sundays. 11C7 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth. ____ved at Call branch offlce. 2200 Ftllmore.
A— KV-. COFFEE saloon and chop house, with MRS. A.~E BROWER. psychic readings: mln- A .^J lANC f LI of 5 ce for Cal1 emC i^« \£ d
10 furnished rooms: rent low; dally receipts in? . ttwla tv ""O 1 / Me \lliBter St.; hours 2 fubscriptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
$S5. Call H. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. j gtoSand 7 to 9 p. m ' lencla »•
A-JSW; CORNER saloon: rent $15; choicest lo- / MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; EMPLOYMFVT WVNTED— HALE?"
caf.cn routh of Market Bt.: piace doing a good sittings daily. 212' i Sixth st. ~~~~~i~Ss!~LL~J!Z^
paying, business, but parties can't acree. l!: — _____—— — __-."„ " — ~ v> ~~ l ~^ > ~T~'^ !.._„ t_
Call R. G. WILKE. T6% Kearny st. MME. HANSON, pnlnrlstry. 10c: card reader: SEN IORmedical student much experience in
• n... „»¦-,,, future- ISeJ- 14S Sixth Bt r 14 lale arr ny hospital service, collegiate gradu-
A-$3J0; CORNER branch bakery aria grocery. P"t._prrse n t, future, .oc 145 bixtn «.. .^ u __ t(Wjate commercIa , business quallfl-
wlth 4 Jiving rooms, on Geary «t.; low rent MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St., original gypsy cations, refined, keen, thoughtful, no vices,
and Bocd paring busine5<<; a rare chance. life reader; readings 25c; no sign. desires position In some capacity or assistant
Call R. «. WILKE. 2ti>i Kearny tt. ¦ to physician: compensation very modeiate In
! MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre- order to locate In San Francisco ar.d finish
A— HhO: SAIX3ON. with living room!!; estab. dieted steamship disaster '74. 310 Mason St. studies; excellent references. Box 2340. CaU.
many years and pood paying place; on Sixth I ———————————— • • — •
et.; low rent. Call It G. WILKE. %hi Krny. I MIPS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water MAN and wife want situations; wife f.rfit-claas
j reader;German spoken. 921*4 Mission, op. Mint. cook; man is a Rood waiter and good kitchen
A-$S;,0; CORNER saloon. 1 block from Market ¦¦ ,.¦,-.-,_.¦ ~ : . . „,„.._ — 7Z, hel P- h °tel or boarding-house; city or coun-
an<3 .^trrktrn yts.; net rent $03; a good paying CLAIR^YANT. card reader, best adilce. 8-3 try . Address 959 Folsom st.
and r.ld-establifhed business. Particulars R. Mission St., near 4th. rm. S; 25c up: ring bell. -- — _
O. WILKE. 26H Kearny st. \,xtv n.vyvvt — » a. ltf. n ,, an .| v . t,iir(n P «is GARDENKR. mlddle-ased; skillful In treat-
MME. RAVENNA reads life rtuentl> . business ment and management of horses, cows, etc.;
A-J5C00; CORNER Faloon In wholesale district; advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. moderate wapes- flrst-class city recommenda-
no night or Sunday work; 6 years' lease; " F-Tradle to erave' future hus- Uons - Box 2851. Call.
place kept by owner 11 vears and clears above «*"-. bxiiii^i^— <raaie _to b™\*' "~_n , —
$X0 per month: a splendid offer. CaU R. O. bands picture: 2..c; ladles. D14 O Farrell st. SITUATION wanted by a reliable man; experl-
WILKE 2CH Kearny st. ; " ~. enced with stationary boilers, engines and
— CAPE xoME dynamos: references and security ir required.
i $175— SHOOTING gallery, making lots of money; -,7J~ZZ^ -l^~-~ .. . l ---r J .-_ ¦,-.-.-.-.- -.-. Box 2847. Call
c»ner grtng to Paris Exposition; a French- —
man. .Sec R.%0. WILKE. X* Kcarny st. - HK __ KtPamFn)p N^T boy . for Nome alr , ct: \^? J^'^^ t^f*} l<^ l^^
Z~55~~S downtown saloon: great sacri- will fall May , 28. For .««"»«• «««"|«W Add^kTtt. WffiS
flee: Elckness cause. COWING & CO.. 719 Mkt. "PPly to US California St.. room 32; telephone fj ;
| John 12E1. • RELIABLE trustworthy young man 24 years,
I Tu^flnrcb^NO-.^^ Marked, 0111 lB X^r^ "wfth^we^'e^b!
rrSALOON-doTn,-e7ce-Uenrbus.ness.lorlaTe -"J^t / v II b Mt f $"*£&"*$& *«$!
immeniiLtelv central location- orice S1400- TICKET for Nome per steamer Humbo'.dt for f" 10^" company of Seattle, V\ash., until
»> ag 1^:
Tn arket; COLLECTION OFFICES. LEE C. PRAY, carpenter and general Jobber-.
rlckr.efs. Address box 2&.4, Call offlce. Screen doors and windows, lattice work, fur-
EAWMILL and site equipped for running: a GEORGE W. KELLY'S Asency-No charge un- nlture. roofs, outhouses, fences, board walks.
j fortune for $1600. W\_P.. box 2S46. Call office. less successful. Room 310. !>27 Market st. job Addr™s BaUey "block room 2* Dw^ght
j TWO reliable men wanted with S200 cash; an " i Ctt'lTAGES TO LET. way station. Berkeley.
opportunity of a lifetime; draylr.g. packing — - siTl'iTinv „,„„..,« k^ I _ M ji, n ~ o/ i ITT
I FOR s«le at a bargain-Grocery store, stock and "" S *' r . I :_L— Y °rY^? 1%^*'* m& ?'
I fixtures; horse, wagon, etc. ; owner retiring on -A FULL set of teeth on rubber plate. $5; a W p O " l 1 n U S? n tO , aCCe 1 pt a n P °n, t l|L, n Rot mi"
i account or health of his wife. For particulars full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth "«» '" an Francisco or Oakland. Box 2834,
; apply TILLMANX & BENDEL.. without a plate; crown and bridce work our *-»" ornce - :
r ; _ ~ ; ; ; specialty ; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner r\GI\TFR and mnchlnUf 24 vears of sjre*
PARTY leaving the city has for sale a tin and _ nd 6tr Wer than rubber, warranted for 20 married- Led to all k?na of renairTng- fl>st-
coj.per shop: also steel range; doing good venrs: fiU .n K s. M>c; crowns. J3M: all work m £Jf refe^n-es? i>leise address t£± m
bus:r.-ss: «Tablished 14 years. 411% Callfor- painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL r_ll o ffllt Flease address dox Z6is.
i nla 5t.. EUGENE ROBINET. PARLORS. 24 Sixth St. ' QtHce.
i DRUG store for «ale or exchange for San Fran- AT the ELFCTRO-DENTAL CLINIC 809 Mar- BOOKKEEPER wants position as bookkeeper,
i ci*co property; a well-stocked, modern, pay- k f !t cor «h rmj Flood tldi you can timekeeper, assistant bookkeeper or any Ren-
1 Ing dreg' store in a good mining town; cash __*-e • y\>_? extractions done painlessly: teeth '?" °"i" wo _«-, ri \ *""? h " P :[i e! J5| kI 2 5 r ; d t
: trade. Call at 730 OFarrell st- city. without plat»« our specialty: gold crowns. of references. Address P. O. box 442. Oakland.
: RESTAURANT; must be sold; party going to nUVouU^V^rftTm' •^undavsTtO^ EXPERIENCED man and wife first-class
! Sy^^k^t.^ 9011^ 6 refU9ed ' " * « * ? WluAV^^Mrff 2 [^ '" "^
i FOR" sale-The Central Hotel In Napa con- D ?" GEOR p EW LFEK 20 O'Farrell st. ex- STEADY reliable \man. understands care of
! reasonable. Address R. CUFF. Napa. Cal. rubber or flexible plates, $1; received 8 first machinery, good driver. Box .S36. CaU ornce.
I *an>-PHOTOGRAPH gallery: paying well; cen- prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years. WANTED-By a flrst-class cheese maker, a
i tral location; will teach business. Address F t-t,L set of teeth. $5: gold crown*. $3; new position. Address box 2826. Call offlce.
box U. Call office. methods In bridpe" work: filling*, gold, $1 up; p.UTLER with first-class recommendation
«_»__«. as^srsss: ig ra-_^aga^!_ras£ ZSZZ^^IZZESZ
gsgaa-sg-grasgsa 1£^~£^>~ t^" u "" a
! RESTAURANT for sale. cheap: going to from $8 per set; extracting. B0c; gas given. MAN and wife wish situations: man under-
VntnV Ann'v F" F T/inD room 1 1 Fifth ! Z ZZ. 7~Z 7~ stands dairy — 'ork. wife to do cooking or gen-
1 . - No ™*- A PE"> *• *• J^-*""- r° om '• * *'^ n - IDEAL gold flllinc Inserted for 7.V:. with writ- era , housework. 431-433 Pine st.
! $1SCO CASH; corner grocery and bar; fine stock; tea guarantee for 5 years; plates, S3; crowns, .
good location- no agents Inquire 30 Lily ave. H. IDEAL DENTAL CO., « Eddv st. A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j '¦ • ¦ „ ..-,.-¦„ — ... . , — 7. ; TT subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
STATIONERY, notion and cigar store, near VAN \ ROOM-' Painless ; evenings and Sun- lencia fit.
' 4 large schools, cheap. Box A. 300 Hayes. days. lWl Market St.. corner Sixth. . _____
! 5T~tS^5~^ — ? i -o~T^ ,,- t.---—,.. ~~ — ,,_>. CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I WANTED— To buy good ehoemaking busin-ss; PARIS 3 . 1 P .? rlor ' 23 ° Kearn .i.' S?u n Ji £7 received at CaU branch office. 2200 Flllmore «t.
city or country. Address box 23C9, CaU Office. Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings. 2.>c. — ¦
SALOON for eale. cheap; good buslneEs; 2 doon BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNO, EXPERT OPTICIANS.
from Kearny st. Apply M Clay st. _*1 Polk «t._
FOR eale— Home bakery: portable oven and DOG HOSPITALS. 1071H Market st.— Examinations free: German
i tools. 1125. Apply 322 Fourth et. eye water by mall. 60c. Phone Mint 257.
PARTVFR wanted In Drmtln^buslne-Js- a rare DR - CREELY*S C. P. dog soap creates a ¦
Bg~;»va_MS~£~ rr _a»a i &_.»<_ d .^"' u ™ a * ciai -
I SALOON for rale, cheap. Apply 1008 Howard nn nr t 7ARn .o ,-,„_ n o . nlt) ,i p n *t Fillmore— - FOR highest paying safe Investments: cash or
| _lll^k D Advlci Z an" D med^ln.% Installments. Call or write room 1. 36 Geary.
FOR sale— Saloon in wholesale district. Inquire animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636. ¦ — — — ¦
WICHMANN. LUTGENS & CO., 31$ Clay st. DR T . H . COOK-Treatment of birds a spe- FIA1 V l ° ™'
$KA-CIGAR etan4; pood locality: rare opportu- <Malty; consultation free. Address 220 Third. A -7-ROOM flat: corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
nity. Inquire 92 Minna ft., during day. - all modern improvements. 417% Third St.
„ _ __ — . ; : ; — DRKSS31AKERS AXI> SEAMSTRESSES
i BARBER shop for sale, cheap: owner leaving AN upper sunny flat of 3 rooms. 328 Brannan
I city. Cor. Railroad and 7th aves.. South S. F. McDO WELL'S Is the place to learn dre«smal:- street.
MILK route for tale In Pan Mateo. For lnfor- Ing and ladle< tailoring; eve, class. 103 Post. ELEGANT 7 . r(K)tn flat; modern improvements.
matlon inquire at 431 Pine st. MME. REMBERT, 530 Sutter St., dressmaking 2410 Sacramento St., near Webster.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO. school; any pattern cut to measure. ¦ FI , ATS _ 3 and 4 rooms , bath; oft Howard, bet.
i W- CASWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento st. g F Dressmaking. Ladies' TallorinB School: Twelfth and Thirteenth. Key at 1626 Howard.
| A BRANCH offlce for CaU. advertisement* and French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness. - you w __ t fo mo _ e prJm(?d — flatg
j subscriptions has been estaolUhed at 1C96 \ a- PaRTSIaN urMS makln_. 3S7 Geary St.; dresses from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
I ' "' „ ; „„-:.. made. $3 up; dresses made, over; perfect fit. MO DERN lower flat. 7 rooms and basement.
! CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions AC CORDION pleating, factory: all kinds pleat- 1131 Geary st.. bet. Van Ness and Franklin.
] received at Call branch office. 2200 I- ll.more st. , nf . plnkln>: , m j£^ overQ-Connor&Mofratt. XEAT sunny mo dern lower flat; < rooms and
LODGI5G-UODSES TOR SALE. EDUCATIONAL. bath; $25. 1014 Broderlck St.. near Turk.
I -^¦--'"¦- i "^ jn ''-'"'- i " i -^ i ~ K -^^ •»w-s^N^ 1^s,%.^^-^w^^ k '%_*ta^-"w^%.-^/v^k^N^^^^^^s^ _^C KW sunny flitt. 6 rooms find but Ji '. y_ru * base™
31 ROOMS OX MARKET ST A-GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools. Par- ment; modern imp. 1931, 1935 O'Farrell st.
Krooms-on-BuVhP^nt 1^..:::::::::::::::-^ l£A£7 n 2&Z^i lm &i£&? rB T:S7' l £i5i octa™. no ne ar mcahi.^? rooms. b f t h:
30 room*; in payments $1800 j accountant, bookkeeping dep't: a school con- all jnodern improvements; rent reasonable.
8-room new flat $400 ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue. -
U^oom^hT" ben r^ m eaTth h .? US .!-. $4500 HOLD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. P.- BUNNY lower ™:*™™:™; _?««-*«•
12 room«- on McAllister st $400 Practical courses In bookkeeping, short- 3 Pine place, off Pine St.. near Mason.
16 rooms': flne corner: clears $150 $1000 hand, typing languages, terepaphy. English tippfR flat- 6 rooms and bath 1120B Turk st
22-room house on Turk st $750 branches, civil, electrical and mining enrtn- „* i JpW '
; U rooms; on best street $i00 eering. etc.; new 80-page catalogue free. , nCar 1 - a^ una - __
1 lOro^Ss- on^ones^st^cle^'iis $ $400 AYRES'. the leading business college. 723 Mar- ' FLATS TO MST — FDRMSHBD.
¦ ifl^mV- flne corned 'on M^.ion 'si *4>0 ket St.; life scholarship. $50: includes short-
1 lo r^mhouSe- new furniture &0 hand ' tv P ln *- bookkeeping, pen art; day and GREAT SNAP!
nlro^m house": __^p£?^^^^1 $4W * vfnl "g- Furnishings of new 6-room flat for sale: Hyde
18 rooms; on one floor; near Call offlce... $550 ALL students but two taking full course this and ter K Bt8 I : n 1 !,.^ 1 * «^J_t. e8 hr« ''kIS*
10 rooms: on Mason st.: payments $150 vear got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BU8I- JPonslble; best Brussels carpets, brass bed.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE. NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st. blrdseye maple dressing table, bureau etc.;
TELEPHONE JOHN 51. * t-^^ v-v^ ; — «^ mahogany parlor furniture, pictures, bedding.
H C DECKER 1020 Market st. opp. Fifth CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln St.; dishes; nothing lacking; been occupied three
: — '- 1 ¦ the coming school: thorough; up to date; all weeks; rent of flat $40. Inquire H. J. MOORE,
10 ROOMS, clean, rent $2.*.. N. Mkt $400 branches; positions Becured for graduates 1039 Market Ft
11 rooms, full of men, rent $28 $225 ; — — ¦ «-———¦ ¦-»----------------_---_-__.
i 12 room;, central, clears $35. rent $30 $300 ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur- .,,„, vitiiii i- vnn siiv
18 rooms, clears $60. central. 1 floor $550 vey. assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.: est. 1864. runsutuii. * UK MLb.
i £0 rooms, on 3d. rent 14!>. owner sick $300 ' VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market. rr^~Tr^~r — TT ~~~ 'ZZZ1 5
2i rooms cor rent $85 Income J^Q $2000 — FURMTIRE of 4-room cottage, only in ,use 3
'• 36 rooms cor" N Mkt' mor.ev-maker"$lSW SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac- months, for % price; rent $10; can be seen
f 66 rooms', hotel, fine furniture.' nice. ...".". .$3000 knowledged by official reporters ''best teacher. from 1 to 4 p. m. 3122 Twenty-fifth st.
34 rooms, downtown cor., rent J100 $1600 b»st system." M. G. BARRErr. »02 Montgmy. f. iml . h >H tn na v fnr t4i Kft with v»
— .-,. »r. -,,.,% i, i.ea. «.. —-in. tenn X^j »ir,vi ¦ — — * ROOMS furnished in oak for »<s 60, with jso.
7o r ciI2« $1-0 rent $sf a snar? 11^0 S - P - VETERINARY COLLEGE-Next session 7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
i r* I" hon Jon pl'eln clears firS ifmo"" "i^xrn begins June IV. catalogue upon application. —¦ —! =
I J7 £ c?«rau § pl_"'l^ M. L. PANCOAST, Secretary. 510 Golden Gate. FURNITURE AV ANTED.
15 $S50 PROF. MERK1. successful teacher of maniolln, -—---;•"—-- j ~
i » $S$££J °-,^, AN^ N A , NT ?2WK__ violin and guitar. 1003 Mission, above Sixth CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
M. ORIFFIN. 71S Market, r. 1, nr. Call bldg-. _ piano. 1135 Market St.: telephone Jessie 761.
XZR"60MiN0" great m~oney maker"; carliSgf a^ r l f ranc ; hes OOl 424 m p?n 1 e In 8 5 t: ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
! heart the city. COV. ING & CO., 719 Market. - _J . highest price for your second-hand furniture.
i FkiletTScJbMsTall rented; iood location,' new "adleT&rgen^ m' "• =• CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
Market; cent.; rent low. Basile. t Eddy St. laaiey-nq gentlemen, u. ftinz. ueary, r. u. f Urimuret carpPts . 757 Mission; tel. Iced 325X
i ' -. .. _.^-~:^ , 7 ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing. '¦ '
rJ?2S4SSo^t^A^r_ >^__a: ; <53ll^' _*t°- : *« v <" "•"•: »•' ™- m * Mission, nr. 6th. HELP WA * TEP - FE * 1AI ' E -
I SMALL runny lodging-house; low rent: house EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. A— COOK. American family. $30. MISS CUL-
full: furniture new. 616 Geary st. «~~ ~~~ — ~ — LEN. 325 Sutter st.
j CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly pioyment Offlce furnishes best laborers and A— WOMAN with a child, Vacavllle, $15, fare
I Call, 16 pasres. sent to any address Vn the domestic sen-ants. 4 Carlos place, oft CFar- here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
: £5?U& %ZT ° r Cana<5a ° Ce Jear f ° r "' rell. bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4354. A _ TOU NG girl to work In an offlce and answer
i ¦ ¦ ' ¦ a— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em- telephone; $3 per week. MISS CULLEN, 325
rinnunp* _vr» \v_r-nv« pioyment office; established over five years. Sutter st.
! 421 Post st.. telephone Bush 135. A-TWO housework girls, same country town.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, cart*, harness. ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi- $30 and $25, small families; 2 friends pre-
etc. cheap. EAGAN &• SON. 2117 Mission st. nest help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072. ferred. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEW & 2d-han<1 wagons, buggies curt* & har- JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce; CHAMBERMAID to wait; La Honda; $20; good
ners. work A driving hors-«. lr.th A Valencia. .best help furn. : tel. John 2121. SC614 Stockton. place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
~ CHINESE ar.d Japanese Employment Office-- COLORED cook and dishwasher; same hotel;
CARPET HEATING AXD CI.EA.M\G. nest help. 411U O'Farrell *t.: tel. East 426. country; $23 and $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work EMPLOYMENT WAXTED FEMALE. » riJi\inrniiiin — Zi — 1 <.„'-*-...• — „,•,.„.«
send to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat- _! ~ ~ <¦ A CHAMBERMAID and laundress; private
Ing Works. 253-557 Tehama *t.; tel. 8. 40. ELDERLY woman wishes to assist In light q^'J^ . countr V- * 20 - MISS CLLLEN. 325
RAViTt'RY~^^.i rlt .,-, n , „_,. Tv^.,,. f~ housawork; no wages: just for meals; sleep r _
6^^4 A ScA^^s^^or!e^tra g C °- ** AT °' * HA^_ %&&T®%£ ° Mt g
cTrT-ileam Carpet-Beating Work,. G. If. SSSTTSi. % to^Caf, o?HSr-SS* S -k •n-mutjon $65; pa stn^^ook^W and
STE\ E.NS. mgr.. 38-40 Sth st.; tel. .South 2aO. St.. upstairs. each; 2 German wa | tr e S ses, springs. $20 each;
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to do 5 waitresses, summer resorts $20; 3 walt-
413 Steveneon St.; tel. South 228- lowest °ates' dishwashing or general kitchen work. Please resses. Ross Valley. $20; 2 waitresses, Napa,
: ' '""""• ""¦"• address 1731 Market st. see party here. 11 o'clock; 2 waitresses, Stock-
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c _____ ton, see party here 9 o'clock; 10 waitresses,
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944 WANTED— By a middle-aged lady, general city, $20 and $23; waitresses. Corning, Vlsalla,
— — - ....,_, _ housework; wages $15 or $18: no postals. 237 Vallejo. San Mateo. Selma. Cazadero. Marys-
AD\AME Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.; Eleventh ave.. Richmond district. vllle; 2 chambermaids to wait, country. S20.
\j^J^I^._^O.J^l £ O^^ l!^or : _ TllolTo-U-GliLY competent middle-aged Qer- c - R ' HAXSKN & CO " 1M Qe *™ 8t '
CON KLIN'S Carpet-Beating Work*. 333 Golden man cook wishes position: country hotel pre- WANTED— Woman to assist housework and
Gate ave.: telephone East 126. ferred. Address MRS. JESSE. 547 Mission st. cook on ranch near city: one with small girl
CHEAPEST and best In America-The Weekly COMPETENT girl wishes to do second work accepted; $15. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
C . tt l 1 ' \ 6 J iaRe! "' frnt t0 an >' address In the or housework; wages $20 to $25; city or coun- WANTED— A German woman for housework
I nlted States or Canada one year for $1. try. 147 Seventh «t. and plain cooking. 160 Steuart st.
SnniTL'AI I«M COLORED woman wishes work In private IRONER on ladles' wear to work In factory.
, -¦"— ""• family as cook or nurse (day or night). Box 723 Market st., room 35.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; article^ 2S41. Call offlce. WANTED-Good Dresser Hudson River Dye
B calcd letters read; 10c; sittings , dally. 126 A YOUNG woman wll* care for children or In- WorkF^OT Tsutter Tt *
felxth st. va i ld f 0r expenses to Paris. Box 2S56. Call. '
.,,,_. _„..-._.„ — ~ ; — ; — r ; — : 1 — ¦ WANTED— Experienced millinery salesladies.
M n^ht.lg^c r Vmst C eTU n ; C^;^me. C>^tllr «U. oSf'SS™! "^ a " d tr>mm " r - "" mU
___f_^^_^^SS^? S;5^ SEWING and mending; 50 cents a.day. 373 W _&?lS_ff. ri l^Howa^s^^ 1 g °° d """
end $1. Arnold Ac Dickson. 148 Sixth, room 12. Jessie st. ¦
jy«,kUR. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330 GERMAN girl wishes a situation as compan-. A BONBON dipper. 314 O'Farrell st.
dally; twin to-night. 10c: bring guegtlons. etc. Y OUNO woman wants position as cook, to go WAVTPT >riri f 11 m h n .,«pwnrk
MEDA HOSK1NS splrltua^^ru-m. 1423 Mar- jo^C-pe Nome; no curiosity seeker* Box *£*™™ r^ 'Zj^llrreT*™*-
ket. bet. ICth and 11th; clr. JI011., 8 p. m. zfc3a . 1 ' ornce. , _;
EDWARD nARLE. _d" Ellis st.-Seance Sun- j LADY wants sewing and mending to do at W^J, E ST Y A ""f v SfJ o f^ flr 'f ft 'housework;
Oay and Wednesday evenings at 8 o'clock ' home, or would go as housekeeper, city or ages $10. Appl> 13S3 O Farrell st.
— — — : — country. Call at 116 Sixth st.. room 6.
GO tO WatSOn. «he luckiest and truest OCCUlt ~ ' "" ; ~7~Z '. ', ; GOOD wn!trr«;« irnnt™l fH T,nrktn «t
medium and paJmlst; 25c. 15S1 Market, nr.llth. BRIGHT, experienced young lady desires cler- "OOP waitress wanted. 611 Larkln st.
leal position; typewriter (no shorthand), ac- wantpti i:._-.,, _i_« »__ 1..V.— atnro *»i
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business countant. cashier, etc.: temporary or perma- Fourth D^ German Blrl for bake ~ 8tore - S31
medium, life reader; sitting. $1. 1104 Market. nent; will substitute. D. G. M.. box 2824. Call. . ¦ ruurtn - ' -
CHEAPEST and best In America-The Weekly YOUNG SweHlsh woman, flrst-class references. 611 ' 1 *° tftke C8T * ° f ChUdren -
call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the would like to take care family house over ; : :
United States or Canada one year for $1. summer: If necessary cook for 1 or 2. Ad- GOOD seamstress for ladles' dressmaking. Call
postage paid. dress box 2388. Call office. from 8 to 9. morning, 1504 California" st
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— CookrW5?^o waslTrcookT shcrTdls^
tance, $30; 4 second girls, $20, $25: second girl.
Menlo Park. $25; 2 waitresses. .$20. see party
at 11 a. m., country; 12 waitresses. $20. $25.
city and resorts; 10 chambermaids and
waitresses, J20; restaurant waitresses, $6.
$7 a week; restaurant cook, $25; fancy ironer,
$30; a large number of house girls, $20. $25.
city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter st.
GIRL for light housework and care of child;
call after S o'clock: 1033 Mission St.. lower
flat.
CLERK wanted for small stationery store. Ad-
dress, stating experience and wages. 2591
Market st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. 3443
Twentieth 6t. ; call before 12 m.
YOUNG girl to assist in general housework.
1015 Golden Gate ave.: call after 8 a, m.
YOUNG girl for cooking and downstairs work;
1207 Gouth st.
WANTED— Girl to do general housework and
plain washing: wages $15. 1115 Pierce st.
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32H Fremont.
PROTESTANT German woman as housekeeper;
. good home: country. Call 2 o'clock at 16S
Tehnma st.
WANTED— Competent cook for small family
and assist In general housework. Apply 1507
Larkln st.. near Sacramento.
WANTE0-A young girl for light housework;
2 In family. 941 York st.
SMART lady; good to call on families; $15
weekly easily earned. 916 Market St., rm. 42.
A YOUNG girl to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 273 Minna st.
WANTED — Young girl for light housework. In-
quire at 31B Clara st., bet. Third and Fourth.
GERMAN or Swedish girl as housekeeper and
cook. 612 Octavla st.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st., bet. Thirteenth and ' Fourteenth.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. S% Antonio St..
between Ellis and O'Farrell. off Jones.
FEW young ladles to Join nlsht school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofllce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HKLP WANTED MALES.
a^murraT* re A^YTiTTITpn^i^MaiiPisii
.. .Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT, 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Free fare and $1 office fee and no other ex-
penses to Los Angeles and Santa Barbara dis-
tricts; we ship you to-day, 9 a. m. and 6
p. m. for the 8. P. R. R. ; laborers, teamsters,
$2 day
FARE PAID
For laborers (no experience necessary) for
the sawmlllf* and woods. $26 to $40 and fare
paid; also 2.'0 woodchoppers and tlemakers..
BIG WAGES LABORERS FOR MINES
Furnaceman for the mines %"¦!> and found
25 laborers (no experience required)
$40 to S4S and found
10 muckers, gold mines.. $75 and $60 and found
40 single-hand miners $75
Tool sharpeners J60
ISO laborers, city and all parts of California,
$175 to $2 60 day
Also teamsters J2 day
MECHANICAL HELP
Machine blacksmith $3 to $3 25 day
Screw tender $52 and found
15 blacksmiths. $60. $45 and $40; $2 50 and
$3 &0 day
Blacksmith's helper $10 and $12 week
Wagonmaker Boilermakers Coopers
MISCELLANEOUS
8 butchers, slaughter house, shop and ranch
$30 to $50
Stablemen, buggy washers, hOBtler..$30 and fd
4 farmers and. wives $35 and $40 and found
FARMS ORCHARDS DAIRIES
10 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb
$1 35 day
Cheesemaker. see boss here $35 and found
40 mllkera. city and all parts California
$25 to $35 and found
Milk wagon drivers, city
Nurseryman $25. and found
125 farm, orchard and vineyard hands
$25 and $35
25 haymakers $30 and $35
Oardeners, $25 and $30 Choremen and boys
20 laborers, Alameda County $34 and'found
10 laborers (no experience required) large
mlnlnK company $34 and found
For numerous other positions come down and
read billboards.
Wanted for a new railroad Free fare
Teamsters $2 a day
Rockmcn $2 a day
Laborers $2 a day
Free fare Free fare
SPECIAL
6 stablemen: woodworker, country blacksmith
shop. $40 and found; cheesemaker. $40 and
found; 7 porters, $25. $20 and found; planer
hand for sawmill company, $50 and found....
5 Boys and Young Men
to work in machine shops, city, $6 week....
Furnace man, $75; arm waiter, $40, fare paid;
engineer for a dairy
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A-BAKERS COOK8 WAITERS
6 bakers, different country shops, also helpers
and boys $50. $45. $40 and found
25 cooks, restaurants, hotels and boarding-
houses, $30 to $60 and found; lroners. coun-
try laundries, $25 and $35 and found; 15
waiters, city and country, $25 and $30; boy
for laundry; elevator boys, etc.; dishwashers,
city and country; choreman, for institution,
$20 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— 4 MEN to drive header wagons, $2 day and
found; cobbler, $6 wpek and found; 6 men to
* work In orchards, 126 and found, fare $1.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 GEARY ST
Wanted— 500 men for railroad work; team-
sters, rockmen and laborers; $2 a day; coatt
road; free fare
railroad camp blacksmith, $3 a day, free fare;
50 men for sawmills and woods; spool tender;
woodsmen: yardmen: lumber pliers and la-
borers, $26 to $45 and board, see boss here;
50 quarry men, $2 and $2 50 a day; 20 farmers,
different ranches, $26 and $30 and board; 20
miners and muckers, $2 and $2 50 a day: 2
crosscut sawyers, $30; loading man, $26, So-
noma County, see boss here; 3 blacksmiths,
$35 and $40; gardener for springs, $30; vege-
table gardeners, $26 and $30; choremen, milk-
ers and others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. '
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...104 GEARY ST
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Hotel manager and chief clerk $75
head barkeeper $75
head steward $75
chef $100
crew of cooks and pastry cook and baker, all
for first-class summer hotels.
Baker and pastry cook, springs. $50; baker
and pastry cook, springs, $45: cook, institu-
tion, $66; second cook, country hotel, $30;
cook, country hotel. $40; second cook, country
hotel, $35: butcher, country. $35; potwasher
springs, $25; kitchen hand, springs, $25; Iaun-
dryman, springs. $35: 20 dishwashers and
kitchen hands. $20, $25 and $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— R. D. DUNN, blacksmith— Please call. C~
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
J. F. CROSETT Agency— Wanted, third hand
baker, $30: baker, country, $30; cooks, $40,
$35 month, $10, $S week; ranch cook. $20;
vegetable men. $25. $20; potwasher. $25; bell-
boy, $13; porter; barkeeper: pantryman; wait-
ers. $10, $S, $8 week. $35, $30 month. Call and
see us, we can give you work. J. F. CRO-
SETT Agency. 628 Sacramento st.
ENGINEER for mine. $2 75 day: 20 laborers for
mill work, fare advanced, $30 and board; £0
laborers for mill and woods, $26 to $40 and
board; woodsmen, $40 and Increase; 20 wood-
choppers. $1 25 to $3 cord; 20 farmers. $1 25.
$1 50 and $2 day, and $25 and $30 month; 10
milkers, $30: teamsters. $30, and $1 75 day;
machinist for country, $3 day; cabinet-makers,
$2 75 day; 5 choremen and boys, $10 and $15;
boy for wholesale store, $4 to $5 week: 4 men
and wives for private families and ranches,
$40 and $50, and many others for different
kinds of work. J. F. CROSETT Agency. 62i
Sacramento st. . -¦•- -.-,. -;
WANTED
Head Iaundryman. institution, $35 and found:
gardener, private, country, $25: 10 ranch
hands, $32 50 and $40 and board: 4 milkers.
$27 50 and $30; 20 woodchoppers, $1, $1 25 and
$1 M a cord; 2 laborers, $2 a day; 4 ranch
teamsters, $30; 2 blacksmiths, $50 and $40;
helper, $30: 10 teamsters, city, $175 a day;
cook for 10 rren. $25; waiters, $25 and $30;
kitchen hands, $15. $20 and $25: orchard hand,
Sonoma County, $25. W. D. EWER & CO.,
CIO Clay st.
A~GARDENER, country. $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
A— 4 RANCH hands, $1 25 per day: arm waiter,
country, $30; flrst-class butler, $40: man and
wife, small ranch. $35. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
GOOD gardener for country place': wages $15
MRS. CATTELL, 525 Eighth St., Oakland.
BARBERS' Progressive^ Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Competent retail salesman; good
position to right party; give reference and
line of business that you are familiar with
1 Box 2114. Call offlce. ¦ - .
n
WANTED— Good man jfor sashes and doors;
must be able to take charge of department
King Planing Mill. King st., near Third.
JEWELRY salesman of experience: young
man; steady position; state salary and refer-
ences; must work evenings. Box 2848. CalL
BARBER, wanted; steady employment. Apply
at 328 Montgomery ave.
HELP WANTED— -ALE.
WANTED— Sub-Inspector of concrete work.
An examination of applicants will be held
at the Navy Yard. Mare Island. Cal.. May
23. 1900. for Sub-Inspector of Concrete Work
at $3 52 per diem. The examination- will be
open to all comers who can give evidence of
experience In conducting the kind of work
for which they seek employment and who are
citizens of the United States. Applications
will be "addressed to the Commandant. Navy
Yard, Mare Island, Cat., and must be deliv-
ered to him on or before Monday. May 28.
No application received after that date will
be considered. Each applicant will state In
his application his name. age. residence, citi-
zenship, present occupation and previous em-
ployment or work done. The application
must be accompanied by evidence of citizen-
ship and by certificates, preferably from pre-
vious employers, as to character, habits of
Industry and sobriety, and skill and experi-
ence In conducting work of the kind required.
JOHN D. LONG. Secretary of the Navy.
A NO. 1 barber wanted, sober and steady, to
take charge of barber shop; wages $8 per
month and found. Address box 10, Wads-
worth. Nev.
WANTED — Experienced lunch counter waiter
with good references; wages $30 to $35 per
month and found. Address "Reception."
Wadsworth. Nev.
BOY understanding polishing Jewelry and sil-
verware: good position to steady boy. Box
2S49. Call office^
WANTED— 3 experienced canvassers. 405 Mont-
gomery st, room I: call 8 to 9 a. m. or 5 to 6
p. m. Thursday. W. A. BEEBE.
2 CARRIAGE painters wanted at 4Z1 PaclHc st.
ERRAND boy wanted. &tl^ Stevenson st.
WANTED— A baker at 336 Third St.
FURNITURE of a 2-chalr barber shop for sale:
cheap. Apply 1<H3 Mission st. £
FIRST-CLASS brass casting chipper. 225 Beale
street.
GOOD barber: steady Job. Apply 725 Fourth
stj. San Rafael; telephone Red 15.
WANTED-Small boy to work In flower store.
Apply 217 Sutter St.. after 9 a. m.
WANTED— 2 flrst-class collectors and solicit-
ors with flrst-class references. Box 2843. Call.
PORTER for drug store; give name, addresa
and reference. Address box 2857, Call office.
GOOD barber wanted at 947 Flllmore St.. corner
McAllister; .___
WANTED— Blacksmith. Apply to J. O*SHEA.
Seventeenth and Vermont sts.
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 223 Brannan st.
AN experienced waiter wanted. 20 Third st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 85 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over < feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Offlce. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
630 K St.. Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED— Active men of good character to
deliver and collect for old-established whole-
sale and exporting house. Bona fide salary
of 1X0 a year guaranteed with expenses. No
experience required. References exchanged.
Enclose self-addressed stamped envelope to
WHOLESALERS AND EXPORTERS, third
floor. 3C4 Dearborn st. Chicago.
COMPETENT grocery clerk. Oaklander pre-
ferred: $10 to start; age. experience and na-
tlonallty. Box 2820. Call office.
BOY 16 to IS; good writer: living with parents.
CHAS. BLISS, room 407, Call building.
SALESMEN wanted to work retail grocery
trade on specialty. Apply at 51G-51S Washing-
ton St.. between 10 and 12 a. m.
3-CHAIR barber shop, close to Market St.; one
of the best stand? In the city; at sacrifice.
Full particulars STOLTZ. 630 Market st.
$250 — 3-CHAIR barber shop: main street. San
Jose; established 12 years: must »ell; sick-
ness; 15c shop. Box 2S05. CaU offlce.
COATMAKER-SAN JOSE WOOLEN MILLS.
I San Jose. CaL
SMART man, good canvasser, to call on fami-
lies; salary and com. 91S Market st.. room 42.
WANTED— Steady man to take orders and as-
sist In light, genteel work; must be satisfied
with 160 per month and have $130 cash. Apply
COSMOPOLITAN AGENCY. 44 Geary st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks: day and evening
class; special Inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trade:
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BAREER COLLEGE. 635
Clay Et.
WANTED— A wheelwright who understand*
woodworking machinery. Apply to BEMENT
4: DE ROWE. Redwocd City.
COMPETENT, hustling organizers: best frater-
nity on earth; sal. F. F. Roose. Pres.. Omaha.
WANTED — Reliable barber as partner In g<>o<i-
paylng shop, this city. Box 2S12. Call.
WANTED — Cutter on ready-made clothing. 20
Pansome st.
WANTED — Wagon-maker at corner Bartlett
and Twenty-third sts.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. ¦
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs: good loca-
tion and business. Box 2777. CaU. Oakland.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. Cf2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A. good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis et
MEN to learn bartering and halrdrcsslng at S.
F Barber School. 741A Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2» Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 1«
years" practice: Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 FlHmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. -r^. /;
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sal.
THE sixth lot of the 200 horses from the Canty
ranch' Just In; from $20 up; 6 blacks. 2
browns and 2 whites In the lot. 2170 Market '
St.; Castro-st. cars pass the door.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CARLOAD well-bred, gentle horses; very
cheap. Occidental Horse Exchange. 721-723
Howard st.
FOR rale— Fine doctor's team; 6 and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet, dent.. 605 Golden Oate av.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSEg T<> , <ETi
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for clr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
NICELY furnished house. 9 rooms. In San Ra-
fael; large garden and stable; no children and
references required; rent $10. Postofflce box
E14, San Rafael.
BUCHANAN.' 2713— Pleasant, sunny, nine-room
house: marine view; low rent; flne neighborhd.
HOUSES WAXTED. ~~
WANTED— House and Iot7~situate~~iii North
Beach; price about $2500 to $5000; in good con-
dltlon; no agents. Room 603. Examiner bldg.
LOST A>D FOUND.
LOST— A lady's gold watch. Finder will be,
suitably rewarded by returning same to 323
Kearny st.
LOST — Near Emporium, gold cigar cutter.
Reward at 225 Leaven worth st.
SCOTCH collie bitch lost: liberal reward. Re-
¦ ¦ turn to owner. 1007 Halght st.
LOST— Bunch of keys on Market st, bet. Pow-
ell and Kearny. Return to Call offlce.
LOST— Pair of binocular glasses on Mill Valley
train; liberal reward. £04 Stanyan st.
LOST— Sunday, on Twentieth St.. near Union
Iron Works, a Red Men's bndg?, with name
or Harry Klassen. Return for reward to 507
Twentieth St.. Mechanics' Home.
PARTIES who found gold watch at 72SH Four-
teenth st. kindly return same to this address
and be rewarded.
LOST— Brown mare: broken earj Return and
receive reward. GEO. RYAN, Twenty-eighth
and Alabama ets.
FOUND— A gun. Loser please address F. H.
SHOVE. S21A Shotwcll St.. S. F.
MIXES AXD MIMNG.
SEVERAL creek claims at Cape Nome to close
an estate. Address box 2113. Call.
MEDICAL.
DRS GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' phy-
sician, formerly 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; safe ana
reliable cure $5; have treated thousands ot
ca«es with success; 15 years' practice In S. V.i
maternity home; low fees. 10074 Market st.
DR G. W. O'DONNELI* the. world-renowned
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable: has prao-
tlced In S. F. for years; treated thousand* ot
c«es successfully: treatment can be used at
home: consultation free. Writ* or call at
1023^4 Market st. .
MRS DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: J5 yr».
practice: home In confinement: treatment at
crnce. 15: any ailment: consultation free; cob-
tldentlal. »>2 Post »t.. bet. Hyde and Lttrkln.
MRS DR. KOHU ladles' specialist-Treat-
ment at offlce. $•>: consultation free. l»2a
Market »t.. between Mason and Taylor; office-
hours. 9 to 5 and 7 to 8: Sundays. 10 to 4.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1C35 Market; ladles' spe-
cialist; treatment at office. $5: consultation
free: hour* 10 to 8. Phcn» Je«al? 237.
DR. and MRS. 1MVIES. 122S Ma.-k»t: ladies*
physician; chronic diseases treated; lat«
eclentlflc methods; treatment. $5.
PRIVATE confinement home: best care; phy-
sician; English and German spoken: term*
reasonable. P?8 Ca«tro st.. near 7th. Oakland.
DR. NG TOY KEF., late of Canton. China: dis-
eases of all kinds cured: herbs and teas; sant-
tarlum.704 Sacrament^.oor. Kearny :advlce fw.
NICE reliable home tor confinement: reasona-
ble. 2012 Folsom st.. MRS. DR PFEIFFER.
Y. S— DR WISH Sz CO.. the ladles' specialists.
HIS Market St.; every case guaranteed: 15 up.
MRS. 8CHWARTINO. mldwlf-: private hom»
In confinement for ladles. S10 Eddy st.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER-Prlvate hom«
In confinement. 1312 Golden Oate are.
DR. WOSO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dla-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason St.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. :-hand machinery. Vo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 185-197 Fremont at.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 2U Spear st.
BARS, back bara. mtrrors. »howcase«. coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlce furnltur* and
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on band:
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready mad«(
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. abov«
Sixth; write for catalogue.
WHISKY for family or medicinal use; 4 foil
quart bottles, expressage prepaid. $3 20; noth-
ing on case to Indicate contents: twlc* th*
price could buy no better; mall orders sollo*
lted. F. EPHRAIM & CO.. 18 Montgomery.
PEERLESS pipe machine, cutting to 8-lntfh,
and 5-horse power electric motor: a snap fat
•orae one. Addresa box 2352. Call offlce.
FOR sale— Pair of English bull terrlem: cham-
pion pedigree; recently Imported. Can ba
seen on board British ship Marechal Sucbet,
Unlon-st. pier.
6000 GOOD second-hand bricks. PACDPIQ
COAST COAL CO.. foot of Beale •%.
COMBINATION pool taMe; good aa now.
LYON'S EXCHANGE. 708 Mission at.
ST. BERNARD bitch: large and good pedlgro«:
$r>; worth ISO. 410 Maple st. >
CASH register at a bargain. 632 Market tU.
room ».
S-POUND steel T rail for sale cheap. BURN-
STINE BROS.. 834-538 Brannan it. >
A— $3 M DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. nr. Plna.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FINE new launch hull cheap for cash; engln«
If desired. H. T. Bradley. 364 14th, Oakland.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for 13 SO.
Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand: movln«
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIOALUPI.
933 Market st.. San Francisco.
CASH registers of every description for sal»
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. 9th and 10th.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: Iron and wood,
planers; iathe«; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model:
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 403 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. \V. C. BEXTHAM. 1S32 Market st.
A 10- TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar proof safe. 21S California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417- _ Sacra unenta st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all stx»9. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: X
air compressor: 5 locomotive*. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLAN EOtS WANTS.
WANTED — Good fireproof safe; state dimen-
sions. Box 2S35. Call office.
WANTED-3 soda tanks. 13S Ellis st
WANTED— Secind-hand UDrlsht piano fo*
ca?h. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 171 1 ) Market st.
MONEY TO LOA.W
HEIRS to unsettled estates In probate can re-
ceive cash at once; also first or second mort-
gage loans on real estate. furniture and
pianos: no removal; prompt dealing: no
charge unless loan Is granted. EQUITABLE)
LOAN CO.. room 603, Examiner building.
ANY proposition, any amnur.t; » per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages: confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 18. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. J.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S43 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
NOTICE— Pledges of the Mint Loan Offlce. 14
Fifth St.. are transferred to W. J. Hssthal.
10 Sixth St.. where the business will be con-
tlnued. T. LUBELSXI. _
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 28 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, dlamondsu
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential*
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 128 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable prlvat*
place to borrow- on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service: money direct: lowest Interest. Roon_
<S and «9. Donohoe building. 11.0 Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at 14 , per cent; alsa
loans to salaried people. HARSHBARGER,
822 Ellis st.. room 34.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchngc. 431 Calif.
TO salaried people- without security: all bust-
ne£ confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRKLL. 609 Examiner building.
$j0 TO $CO0CO- lowest rates: 1st and 2d mortgs.:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, planes, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market at.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
8. F. Discount Agency. 14» Phelan building.
~~ JIOXEV WAXTED. ~~~
WANTED to borrow on Improved gilt-edged
real estate $43,000 at 5 ! i per cent, with a tltl*
Insurance policy for $60,000 on same. Address
Box 2316 Call.
WANTED— At once, improved Income city
property. $1500 to 1Z000, for cash, at 3PECK
A CO.'?*. vn Market sC
JICS1CAL ISSTItUMBSTS.
AS we represent the best make of pianos In
every grade, from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos, $-> cash, $S per
month; other pianos 13. $4 and $3 per month.
EHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
THE "Baby" Deckers are wonders: small In
size and price, large- In tone and quality;
large stock Just received at MAUVAIS'. 753
Market >t.
WE are having a great "Spring Clearance*
Sale" of pianos; prices are way down: coma
soon, as the sale Is nearly over. MAUVAIS.
7C9 Market st. •--¦'!¦. ..
ANT of our musical Instruments can be bought
on Installments; don't forget the number—
76!) Market St.. MAUVAIS'.
AN elegant $400 Ctirtaz mahogany case: a beao-
tlful $410 Vose walnut case for less than halt
price, slightly used; others $S0. $30. $135. $1W:
easy payments. BENJ. CUKTAZ * SON, M
O'Farrell st.Dr George \V. Carey delivered a lecture
last night at the Turk-street Temple on
"New Heaven and New Earth."^ The lec
ture wns under the auspices of the Social
Democratic party of America.
Lectured to Socialists.
<n P? RS. GRACE MOREI DICKMAN
Z\U\\ _or Mme. Morel, as she Is known
// >( A to the concert-goinp piibllc of
ii l&>\> Paris and London— will make her
first appearance In San Fran
cisco, after an absence of three years,
at the Metropolitan Temple early in Juno.
Mrs. Dickman's debut after her foreign
study is looked forward to with much In
terest as It Is well understood that only
her uncertain health stood in the way of
'a successful career upon the operatic
stace for this charming Californian.
Julianl and Bouhy in Paris and Ran
deEKer In London directed the musical
education of Mrs. Dickman during her
three years' study.
Cantor E. J. Stark of Temple Emanu-
El returns this week to San Francisco
from New York. Mr. Stark, while In New
York, officiated at the Temple Emanu-LI
and delighted the congregation with his
tine voice and artistic performance.
Miss Marie Louise and Miss Florence
Heine will go to Los Angeles early in
June for their vacation. It Is much re
gretted among musicians that the pro
focted visit of Louis Heine to San Fran
cisco Is off. We had hoped to hear this
faVorlte 'cellist In concert here. Mr.
Heine returned to New York directly from
Los Angeles.
Miss Marie Wlthrow, now in London,
is there gaining an enviable reputation
as a teacher. Among her distinguished
pupils are Mrs. Randegger. the wife of
the famous teacher, Randepger, ami Miss
Marie Tempest, whose welcome return to
the operatic stage after an entire loss of
voice is wholly due to the careful train
ing of Miss Withrow. as Miss Tempest
gratefully acknowledges.
Marie Barna has met with great
cess durfng the last season at the duca!
court theater in Coburg. Germany. Her
Senta and Elizabeth were especially ad
mired The Coburg Theater Is suosldized
by the reigning sovereign, who also main
tains another theatrical establishment in
Gotha. the winter residence of the court.
Mme Barna at Gotha undertook Isolde
in the January operatic festival.
Miss Georgie Cope, the Oakland con
tralto is winning recognition in New
York ' She has a position in a fashionable
Episcopal church In that city andis used
fo-noint u moral by her appreciative
teacher Oscar Saenser. to the lazy Goth
amites as another of "those studious Cal
lfornians."
Miss Carolyn Boyan is with Anna.MH
irr \Vood and made a public appearance
It Pawtucket in April. Miss Wood is en
tovlns: a well-earned distinction In New
YnrU as teacher and singer, but we hope
before long to have this fair California!,
again among us.
One hears all kinds of good things about
thp work of -Lovell Langstroth. the young
•cellist now with Jacoby In the Brussels
Conservatory. He is a member of Ysaye's
orchestra and among a number of pupils
is now teaching the daughter of Caesar
Thomson, the violin virtuoso.
MUSIC ANDMUSICIANS.
MAT C. GOODWIN and the fair
Maxine Elliott are the coming at
tractions at the Columbia Theater,
where they will present the East
ern success, "When We "Were Twenty
one," which will be on the boards next
week. The sale of seats begins to-day.
Until Goodwin appears John Drew will
continue to entertain with the comedy.
"The Tyranny of Tears."
The Orpheum presents Its usual good bill
of vaudeville features. The Magnanl fam
ily, "The Musical Barbers." is one of the
latest attractions. Mile. Bartho and the
Wilson family are now features and Ezra
Kendall Is so good as to be continued a
second week.
That the engagement of James Xeill and
his excellent company is drawing to an
end at the California Theater is generally
regretted. Noill Is now making fun in the
comical play. "The Amazons." Commenc
ing Sunday night the company will pro
duce four of their recent successes before
the end of the week and engageme-t.
"The Lady Slavey," Rice's oxirava
vanza, is still being sung to appreciative
audiences at Morosco's Opera-house.
At the Alcazar next week will appear
"The Superfluous Husband." Florence
Roberts is working hard to make her
"Sapho," which is to follow, a success.
"The Butterflies'* will continue to flutter
during the present week.
At the Tivoll Opera-house "The AMzard
of the Nile" Is on its last run, having:
had a successful season of six weeks.
"The Three Guardsmen," a romantic
comedy founded on Dumas' novel, is the
next onora to be launched. -
The bill at the Chutes continues as at-
operatic selections at
tracts popular patronage at Fischer s Con-
A well selected programme Is being pre
sented at the Olympia.
THEATRICAL NOTES
OF THE MIDWEEK
When the Grand Opera-house on
June 3 next it will not be for good, neither
will It be reopened again as a home of
the melodrama that filled It in days of
yore. For several months no carols oi
operatic stars will be heard there, but
during those months high-class dramas
will be presented by a company of: the
best artists In the country, according to
the statement made yesterday by Lewis
H. Bishop, acting manager of the house.
It will be interesting to theater goers
to know that' T. Daniel Frawley has been
In New York for five weeks securing the
players who are to form the new com
pany at Morosco's. He is acting for an
other person and the aggregation is no;
even to be known as the Frawley Com
pany.
"We will reopen some time In July,"
said Mr. Bishop, "and continue to pre
sent high class dramas at our present
prices until November 12 next, on which
date the Grau Opera Company opens in
the house. The company we shall secure
will be one of the best In America. It
will be far superior to the Frawley Coiru
pany. The best and latest plays will be
presented.
"Our opera venture paid, but not well
enough to justify us in continuing in that
line.
"Frawley's contract -with the Alhambra
people to open in their house June 3 does
not amount to anything, as his company,
which is now in Lcs Angeles, will soort
no longer exist as such. He has notified
the members that their contracts will ex
pire next Saturday night."
"Our people have known for some days
that the opera season was to end," said
Press Agent Gerald Dillon of the opera
house, "and so they were prepared for
the notice of last night. Their contracts
only call for a two weeks' notice. They
will all go back East, I think."
The Season Will Open in July and
Continue Until November Next,
When Grau Opera Com
pany Will Come.
High Class Company • Now
Being Gathered in New
York by Ffawley.
DRAMA TO TAKE
PLACE O F OPERA
AT MOROSCO'S
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
R. Hilton & w, Presno
F L Knieht. Rumsey
L R Tull. Napa
J Benpon. San Jose
3 Smith & w, Uklah
G J Richardson. Cal'
C M Carter, Fresno "
F K Boughton, Fresno
S II Petty, Sanger
L Vigrellus. Victoria
Mrs F II Ktlbourne &
familj'. Seattle
J Holland, Arizona
n Britan. Rio Vista
Miss C McKay, Oakdale
J E Hall, Petaluma
R Wind lee, Fresno
(5 A Lane, Fresno
A R Turner. Indiana
W C Creamer. Indiana
W R Friend. Indiana
PALACE HOTEL.
E W Churchill, Napa
C M Farris. Stanford
C Chmmbard & w, L A
D S Cone & w. It Bluff
W .1 Whltmlre, S J:>se
E It I'.omaty, Bombay
J Hart. N T
J D Hasslnger, N Y
A J Marcus & w, Menl
Miss E Marcus, Menlo
Miss A Marcus. Menlo
Mlse Stern, Menlo
11 Doyle, San Mateo
T B Doyle, San Mateo
Misses Doyle. S Mateo
Miss English. S Mateo
Miss Carbould, S Mat|
W Bridham. Los Angj
J II Schumacher, L A!
D W Keller. Los Ang
W Garland, Ix>s Ang
T T Lane. Mexico .
\VH Chickering & w,
Oakland i
F E Shaw. Butte
t £g?SK: Boston
II C Moore. San Jose
G Gr Valley
«r A » V unn<?II > Colorado
u A Brewer & w. Cal
A C Jones. I^ H Ang
A H Gallen. Mllwauke
E S Churchill.. Napa
Mrs E S Churchill Cal
A Bout a. Pac Grove
\\ J Austrian. Chgo
MrS * J s Austrla ". Chgo
i; An ,° erson . Boston
" S c « snIn *' Boston
? l m V.h a T berIin - cll K°
h bmlth & w, Antioch
J Mulllns, Mass
GRAND HOTEL. <
A E Burr & w. *J «J |
K C Treanor. S Diego,
N P Cayley & w.
Riverside .0 '
B Smith & w, L A
T H Fullen. An Camp
J Heartier. Cal
C B Jllson & w, Horn
brook
Mrs It C Wilson. Mex
E N Jenkin, Salt Lake,
M Robertson, Mo \
j C Paine. Kowler j
W W Worthing. Stktn!
J W Grlffln.. L A
A M Austin. Los Ang
W McCullough & w,;
• California
J F Brown, Sacto
H A Hherrlll. Denver
C Ashton. Denver
K M Smith. Elko
It Lawson. Storkton
O M Pock, Stockton
11 J Sllva, Stockton j
L L Reed. Reedley I
II M Reed. Bakersneld
J M Bair. Chicago
A Strauss, Los Ang I
S P Tpton & w. S Jose
Mrs J E Merritt. Cal
n R McAdams.Ix»mpoc
C E Heath &w.ValleJo^
J 1 Urace, Sta Rons
« E WIlhol£stk_
'; " , I , JIemer - s acto
t. Hall. Stanford
J Janes. Vacavilla
J Johns. Sacto
A XV Gunnell. Colo
Dr I W Hays.GrassVal
B Barnar, London
Mrs M a Thomas. Cal
o tV < "roll, Ohio
S E Phitts. Japan
*'*> Snj'th. Merced
J D Knrlght. Sta Cru»
« Gunter. Fresno
J » £ T xv aIHer. Minn
AS Bernardln. Ind
M 'f |S* M Parsons.
Stockton
Mrs M Younker. Iowa
" ss Jounker. Iowa
Miss lounker. Iowa
h J Martin, Ariz
J Francis. Lo s A np
M Hurley. Sanfer "*
W S Green & w> CaI
W u Powers & w
Crockett '
F Thayer. USA ""
C C; Spanedlng, L A
g ? Gate. Vacavllle
G A Akerg, Vacavllle
G Onstott. Yuba City
Builders' Contracts.
Hale Brothers, incorporated (owners) with
D R. Clarke (contractor), architects Reid
Brothers-Plastering for building In course of
construction on S .line "'Market street, be
tween Fifth and Sixth: $6800
John D. Spreckela (owner) with Geonre H.
Tay Company (contractors) architects same-
Steam heating and ventilating plant for resi
dence on NE corner of Faclnc avenue and La
cuna street: $8120. / . :¦
Josephine Cockrlll (owner) with Daniel Ein
stein (contractor and architect)— Carpenter
concrete, brick, plumbing, plastering, mill and
electric work and picture moldings for a two
story frame building: on \\ line of Scott street
77:SU S of Washington. S 25 by W 110. Western
Addition block 463: $7100.
Alvlnza Hay ward ' (owner) with Cushlne
Wetmore Company, a corporation (contractors)'
architect G.W. Percy-Excavating and con
crete work for area walls and footings of walls
and piers and within ten days after base plates
are set to put in basement flo»- and within
ten days after exterior columns and beams are
set to put In all I sidewalk arches Tor a eleven
story and basement offlc* building on NE cor
ner of California and Montgomery street,' N 83
by E S7:6; $5700.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 24,1900.
11
MILL VALLEY- AND MOUNT TAMALPAIS
SCENIC . RAILWAY— Commenelnjr Sunday.
. April 2° 1D00, via Sausalito Ferry. Week
da vs— Leave 0an Francisco, 0:30 a. rn.. 1:45
p rn Sundays— Leave San Francisco 8 a. m..
9* a. m.. 10 a. tn.. 11 a. m.. 1:30 ». m.. 2:30
p. m. Wednesday. May 30 (Decoration day),
trains will run on Sunday time. Tickets can
be purchased at the Sausailto Ferry, north
end of the Union' Ferry ' nepot,' foot of Mar-
ket ct.. -San Francirco. Fare, round trip from
San Francisco. $1 C
EAILBOAD TBAVEL.
¦OUTlflKKX PACIFIC COHPAIT.
(pacific sirrcM.)
Trnlna l*»i« antl nr* •««ir to nrrlf* •!
nan ri!*.\(mti>.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Stteet)
leave — Faou Mat 13. 1900. — »b.iu»«
•7:Ol»* BenicU, SniiiiD, Elmira, VjeatJlto,
Kuuiv y and Sacramento *7: IS»
*~:OOa Shasta Exorrs*— Davis. Williams (for
Bartl;tt Sprints). Willows, lied
Bluff. Purllaud. *7:«3r
•7:3Oa Martina*.^auUamon.Valiejo. ?«'*£>%,
i:*ii.<t'-i.mi.'i -S.int* Rum *O:l.1p
•A:O»a D*f\ Woo<Uand. KDfghU Landing,
Miiriiiilie, onitiilo «7:ISr
••:<»<»« Atlautic KipreM— Ugden aud Kast *ll:l."»»
* « t :c<>« .San Jime, Litrrniure. .Mtocktxn,
Inne. h»frament<>. l'iic. rti:i :,
Mnr»»?»K Chlco. IJ«] IsliuT •«:I.'»p
•5:3Ua O*k_!<», Chinese (for Yoseioite).
8ju«.r» Carter*. # J»ISp
•»:OO* ?lny-.*ar l». Nile«»o<l W»J BUtloui. *l I:I3a
•ttiOUA Lo* Aogsles Express — M»rliiw»,
Tr*cr, L»turo^, mocitou, M«rccil
ami KrMiiii -OtLip
•»:»•* V^it-ji.. M«nineian<i W»y MUtion* "tf:l"if
•IO:OOa Tb- OrerUu'l Limited— Ogden, Den-
ver, Omaha, Chicago •5:|.1r
•11:00a Xilrs. Mterniore, Srockton. Sacra-
ni-nt.i. Mandota. lUiif.nl. ViaalU.
lVricrtlllo M:i:»r
•IHiOiiii Ilaywitrils, NileaaiKl V."av Statloui. •»»«3|>
tl:O»i- bncriiiiM-uCn i;iftat—wr« t3:Ot»A
•:i:O»»r H;»y w ir U. KUm au<( VV*y .Station*. •»«*»#
•Irinif Maitiiioz. Man lUimtit, V«!laja.
. Ni>|<». «;»II«»"l!». S»lit« ltn»» •t>:1.1*
• i:uii|- KroicU. Vtatera. Hmerminerrfo.
- Wi)...liRinl. Km'tliU I.Kuii>iK.
M»ry«>i. •-, OiiKilla •IA:4. < l a
•4:«<lr Nile*. Sail. I..se ami Stockton •7:1.1?
•a:OOpThe Owl UnjUsd-Tracy. Freaso.
R*kmfiel<l, haugns t_ haute Uar-
Inra. I.->3 Auealcs *9:!3a
•SiOOpFreauo rawenger— MarUiit z, I.*th-
Top, Stockton, Mt-r-.eii. iierenda
(i:»ytn >ik1 fi.r Yo-wmite). Kruniin. # l3:l.1r
*S>3BrNew Jrlrattf Eipresa— li»ber~>«lil.
Santa !;«rlnr*. in A »£••!<•«. Dem-
Ing, El I'M'i. Hum Orirana and
Gul •¦;»»
*S<BOr Sauls Tn IJnii»~— AtUnllo Kipten
for MnJHT* ami pjmI 'BiLip
•U:o-»p rtaywnrda, Nile* »n«l Han Jo*» *7:l">*
t«:O»r Vallejo *iailSf
•«!««r OricnUI Mail~<>g(len. CDejenD*,
Omaha. 4;iilc«£') "I l:l-1»
••:OOpOrientsl Msll— Ojiea. Denver.
Omsba. Chicago ••liISp
piOOp Vallt-jo. Poll «:..-t» and Way Sta-
tions. • JB:.1.1 p
•»!«l3r Oteimi aiul Catifumt* ICiprdaii.Haa-
utmeuki, MitiTDvilie. KriMinK.
1'i.itii.inl, TngKt s,..i,,.l »n.l rant *W:I.1>
COAKI l>Mls|i»\ {3srr«m UairjrffJ.
jFoc.t of M.rkrt Street.)
17:4.1a 8ant« Crax Kxcuraioti for .Santa
Cr_ and Priuolpal Way Statiuna !^:Mp
•»:I.1a N9Trark.i,Viie«riillr..San.lixi0. rvitnn,
I5ouMerCrrek.S»K»aUiuzaii.l Way
Buttons *9.t»r
f3tiap Newark, Csntervilln, Kan .lo*e. New
Alinaileu. Pr-iU ii. Itmilrfer Creek,
S<tn>» t.'rits twl I'ritictpal Way
Ktatloiia t !»:•¦»«»»
" I : I ."» r Newark. S»i» .Io«e, T^w Gatos •S:.'»i»4
ill:l3p(;ieowooj. Kclton. pa.il* Cruz e1:.tt>A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
r.-saSIS ntldSCa— ?ctt *l larkd Str«.l (SUj S) —
•7:15 300 1I:00a.m. |1 53 *2:53 |3:C3
•1:C3 1S.C3 't-.Z3r.rn.
fifnO»Il.l«»-»iut .'Br:vU«i— T..I10 U.0O 10.00 i.ii,
¦ t»:03 '1:S3 13:03- »3:C3 t t:Q3 'S^r.M.
COAST DITISIOM (ItriMil liunjr).
(Tfilrd and To.vn»en.l HU.)
t«il«A Ocean View. .South Man Kranc'-.r ... tS:3*P
t":O»A Nan J<>*« and U'.iy Stntloim (New
Ahnaileu \Ve.l. ;e -iU>« ..i.ly) *l:3llr
{7iXO« Sunday Eicursion' f • r San Jose,
Sinta Cruz, raciflc Grove and
I'rincipal Way Stations J»:3»T
•ViOOa Han .).«,-. Trr* I'Ii.i.i.. Hmta «'rux,
Tacilic UtWMt, I'^vp KiiliSt-*. Mm
. l.nta ()M»tM>. iffrtt. I^iinpoc ami
I'rinciiial \V»jr .Statii.ua '^Htf-
•10:111, Sail .loan ami Way Stations *«::i3*
•II:3Oa »auJn*e.LoaCatoaaml\V»;HUti».<a •3l3«>
f»:13r San Matrt>. K.-iiwi.-ol. Menln Paik.
¦ Falu Alto. .Santa Clara. Han .)...«.
Tre* Pir.cs. InH Crux. Saiiuss.
Mnntarey and I'aciHc Grova 1 l*»::tn \
f:i::i»r Man. ln<« ami Way Stations.. •?:»llr
t4:ISr SanJoaaaml Principal Way Stations *9:l.Vt
t-^:i»«p .S.iii .roue, Lt>s Gatoa and Principal
Way .Stations f»:O«»
•3i3Or San .lose «n>l Principal Way Stations t»:.J">A
•«::tn r Sau Jose ami .War Station* |1;O«»
«ll:l.'»r San Ji»ra».l Way Statioits *?;St)p
A for Moniins P for A fternoon^ "
•Daily. t •¦"!•• -Uy excepted. J Sunday ooiy.
b Saturday nrtiy.
o Saturday and Sr.mlay. cSttoday and MoDdar
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausailto Ferry.
Commencing April 22, WCOi ¦ ?'
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAI_ET
AND SAN RAFAEIa.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. *S:30. *:20. 11:CO a. _,;
12:45, *l:4S. »:15. 4:15. •»:!?. «:1J. «:W p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sunday's, at 9:00 and 11:_ p. ra.
SCNDAY*-7:00. «S:00. •9:00. 'lO:*. 11:00. li.*»
a. m.: 12:45. '1:30. ,2:30. »3:4i, 6:00. «:0O. J:20
p. m. ¦
11:00 a. m. does sot run to San Rafael Sua-
ivr*.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SA.V FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAY3-S:33. •«:». 7:50. 8:40. '10:15 a,
sq.: 1J:3O. 1:15. 2:13. *3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monda;*. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *(:45 and 10:20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS-«:15. »9:50. •ll:C0a. m.; •12.00
m.: 1:W. J:15. •3:30. *:Z3. »5:4J. 8:43. 7:30. W:rj
p. m. ¦
Trains marked (*) (tart from San Quentln.
FROM MIT.I. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCiaCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:53. «:45, S:0«. 8:i5. 10:J0 a.
m.: 12:35. 1:41. 1:45. S:30. 4:50. 5:» J>. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday* at 7:10 and 10:20 p. tn.
BUNDAYS-C:S3. S:OS. 10:03. 11:10 a. m.; 12:15.
1:S» S:30. 3:43. 4:S5. «:1i. 7:03. 10:30 p. xa.
THROCGII TRAIN*
T:00 a. m. lKeelt days— ra_d?ro and way ata- ¦
tlona.
1:1$ p. tn. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.*
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
11:45 p. — . Sundays— Point Reyes and wajr
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. \
APPOLt'TELY the "eldest and largest house
west of Chicaco «s KOHLER & CHASE'S.
It. -2S and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
nil other musical Instruments of all trades
and piioof; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible Cone to Dlease and satisfy the
CUrtO— CT. . _< .»'.• .. ..•-- :¦- .. .;
BARGAIN B in secpr.il-hand squares and up-
rirhts: t's-v «^efrart eto<-k of new pianos, j
THE .1. I'EWING CO.. FU^od bu'.Mir.g.
W>NTKl>— Ten square piano* and six organs
for country schools. 1JVRON MAUZY". 2CS
P.-IFt «t.
AT'CTIOX rrir*^t— Tianos «t your own price for
Ft crape. WILSON'S Storace. 1710 Market st.
A— STE'NWAY upricht: fine condition; very
rhenp. BRVENN. 20R Post st.
i:-0 CASH will purchase a fin- uprierht; call
«t ence. lf-;t Van TCe— nve.. room 7.
A STEIN WAT. J1C5: !nstallrr.-rts ?3. $5. $7, $10;
rrr.ts « up. HEINE'S. 13J E'.lisjt^
SOHMER & CO.. Eyroa Xauzy PUaos. 3CS to
812 lV*t st.
GOOI> Fischer; treat bargain. SCHM1TZ. It
SlcAHirter fL, r.ext Hibernta Bank^
W. G. BADGER 412 Sacramento Ft., azent Jor
Francis Eacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
PTrPKItlOR violins r.ithe— . old and new. H.
Mn.LElt. maker, repairer. 2 l-atbain r.l»f.
OFFICES j_%D STORES — TO LET.
LARGR corner store; fixtures for grocery and
bar: 2 rooms: cement basement. 201 Diamond
et.. corner N'tn^te-enth: rent flO.
PALMISTRY.
—XIE. Neergaard. Pres. St Germain College of
raimlytry: reads 1 tn »¦ Clt Geary, nr. Jone«.
pahtm:rs wanted.
PARTXER in cM-«ftahlishea manufacturing
hus:ne«s, with *!eftr!c power, to buy cne-half
ir.trrygt. Tir>x 2«;3. Call oCfW.
PARTNER wanted with tl'JW: bucket shop bus-
teew; hnrcraMe: safe; fortune. Bnx 2M4, Call.
PERSONALS.
fl RO MEN'S shoes for Jl r.O a pair at th» Bee
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market St.. near Third.
HAG carpets wove to rrder and for sale: also
ehcr.1lle-wcv« rugs, silk portiere?; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, et lowest
rates. CEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
LEDnREK'S Quir.tonica is what your hair
needs. 25c bottle; his Fcamo Shampoo, 5c pkg.,
thrroughJy cleanses the scalp. 123 Stockton.
UEDERER dresses the hair in any style you
aes'.re, simple or elaborate. 25c; he uses Scheff-
ler's Colorine. 75c box; restores the grrayest
hair to natural color. 13 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights la every room— Winchester
Hctel. 44 Third ft., near Market: 100 rooms;
ISC to $160 r>er night; JIM to JS per week;
free 'bus ar.d ba^eage to and from the terry.
AN elegant suit for J10 78 from Imported or do-
mertlc remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
IF roo wifih full value for your cast-off clothing
call en B. COHEN. 157 Third; Get Black 41I3.
I'RIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; ten
years' experience, j. p,. RAY, Si7 Jessie st.
INDIES' and gents' castoff clothing bought and
gold. Silverman. ?S4 Folsom; tel Folscm 1191.
liISS 6HELIK5N'. chiropodist and business ad-
vice. SCO Mark«-t St., eecend floor, room 37.
FLXL-DRESS and other fults bought: also old
rold. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton st.
DETECTIVE — Honorable; confidential; eecrets
inviolate. Address box 490. Call office
$5 PHOTOS at $2 per dozen at FOWZERS.
114S M_k(t St.. near Taylor.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cotfs «"urlinc Fluid; 25c bottle; druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old rold and silver bought;
fend postal. OJLEMAN'P. 606 Kearr.y st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
Wn loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backus
nud.o. 11 Geary ft., ground floor.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
Tin. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence!
1<"2!H Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CHRONIC and other diseasea positively cured.
PB. GORDIN, E14 Pine st.. near Kearny.
PI*. PTYAN'S Rheumatism Cure. $1; free to
p^cr every Wednesday. 36 Geary Bt. \
REAL ESTATI3 CITY — FOR SALE.
A. M. SPEcir&T-aT^TMTrkeTrt^
Opposite Kearny.
Market St.— 2 frontages; north side and east
• :<ie of Taylor *t.: lease about expiring; in-
created rental offered.
JT2.000— Corner, rear Market and Jones; 75
feet frcntage; rare bay.
t&SQO-i-Bentl |40t: lot 8PxU7:6 feet; modern
building; pays 10 per cent.
122. 0«' — Fourth St., near Townsend; 137:Sx
1£7;6: n<-ar railroad and warehouses.
jrs.noo— Vicir.ity Larkin and McAllister; lot
Cf.JxU'n feet; ; frontages; rer.ts $210.
12Z.</<— Sixth ft.; 75 feet frontage; 4 stores
ard f-0 rooms above; rents $ItK).
f If. COO— 1S(_ Post St.; lot 30x137:6; 18 rooms
and every modern convenience; cost $35,000;
xr.ake ciler.
112.500— Bait blork from Market and Steuart
*ts.: brick building.
$i;.o<*>— Ninth st.; close to Mission: 3S feet
from: S stores and flats.
$Wrf*>— Kent* $10y; lot 1COi137:6; Powell-st, car
I'.T!*. .- ' . -
iTC.W-Brea'Jway. between Buchanan and
V.>bster sts.; lot »4:4Vtxl32 feet; choicest resi-
6^rr site.
(COM — 6 new flats; rents $56; lot 50x100 feet
SC-W— « twy«r_daw flats; rents $66; lot 4Sx
V-. near Sixth and Howard.
ICjCO— _S Bush st.. lot 2&xl37:6; house of 14
rooms; n:u?t be po'd.
, r«00— Powell st.: 3 flats: rents $62.
*32W_4in<; Twenty-fifth St.. near Castro; store
erri room?; let 30x114 feet.
I3K*— Hents $40; 5 fiats; 2 frontages: Vai-
Jejo Et.
$:7S&— ?1 Pouth Park; house and lot; 21I197-J
A. M. FPKCK & CO.. f,67 Market gt.' '
EOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$"' to SMX— Sunset lots; superb view of
ocean; graded and sewered; easy Installments
J<30 to $?(»— Choicest Richmond lots- $10
monthly.
Jion tn ?ro— Level lots; near Mlwion-st. car;
$<£0 to $1000— 4 and S room cottages In excel-
lent locations; near cars; payments same us
rent.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
60L GETZ & UROTHEK.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
5TVFT be sold at once to close an estate; no
reasonable effer refused; lot 25x110; house %
rooms pr.d bath: bitumen street: cement slde-
w a !k: Twentieth et.. near Guerrero. Apply
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room J.
Jl" you have property north of the Park, or |
Kcrr.er'* Addition and the Mission, that you
*»m to dispose of. then call on W. J.
C'JNN. CSO Califorcla »t.
MODERN ho-jses and flata built at lowest
priors: clans and estimates furnished for all
bui:dirr work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission «t.
FOR sale-- Frame house to be removed; 29 Te-
hama. st. Apply at £85 Mission Bt. >
CQTTAOn for «a!e. SC_ Pierce st,
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call; 3<> page*, sent to any address In the
T'r.lfgd States or «>rada one year for SI.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WAKTKD— Hnuse and lot e'tuate In North
B*ac-h; prtoa alxiut $2000 to $5000; muft be in
E<wi condition: no agents. Apply at room 603,
Kra.rr.iser building.
KL:A_ ESTATt; Cot.VTHV F ur Sale
;ix<«— FINE 20-acre ranch; level gurden land;
good house; bam full of hay; Cne horse.
IbuEgy; !W> thickens and fanning tools, etc.;
fare 60c: rrile to station.
Oeaiar.ee tale; . r .0c on the $1; 28 fine Im-
proved farms in price* ranging from 31C00 to
l"0,000 each; ihey belong to a bank and are
ordered eold vithin eixty days at 'i appraUed
\alue: easy frms; freight to S. F. $1 a ton;
fare We. Call f'jr full printed description.
!li# — Nice Jf-a'.re home, on It. R.: nlc« land;
some osk trees; payable J1O a month.
•WESTERN LAND CO.. 640 Market St.
tZftfr^-DESIIlABLE cour.try home; JO acres
choicest fruit lar.d; IS09 almond and 60 i>el«ct
fruit trcrs, 5 to o years old; new hard-flnlshed
residence: bam; other bldgs; new windmill:
f-rhoo!: deslrabie neighborhood: by ral! IV- hrs
from J--. K. « Fan Pablo ave., Oakland.
-MILL-: VALLEY HEAL .ESTATE." -
MILL V'elley house and lot cheap, on account
of «Vprirtnr»». Box «ZQ. Call office.
ROOMS FOU HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAY. ?4?1. near rnirnor*— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
hvt>Y. 917— Nice eunny connecting rooms:
furnished; rpiendld location; private . resi-
dence.
EIGHTH. 10S— Front room; kitchen: hot. cold
water; sink; stationary tubs; runny porch.
FOLSOM. £34 — Lanre munny bay-window room;
kitchen; closets: bath: everything prlv. ; 13 25.
l'liOOU of •hr«» unfurnished rooms. Addreu
K. A., box 2UL Call clflce.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
GEARY. «S— Three nicely furnished rooms;
rent ?20.
GEART. 1505—3 sunny connecting rooms, neatly
furnished; gas range; bath; run. water; 116.
GOLDEN OATE. 4C4— Large sunny front and
back rooms: bath and sas range; $15. $17 60.
$25. $32- Call bet. 2 and •» and 7 and 8 p. m.
HARRISON. 731 — 3 rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; llrst floor; $13.
HOWARI', 1K1— Two sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping ; also eingle, for
housekeeping: rent reasonable.
53— SMALL, light, unfurnished room; 3 rooms.
JS; location central. Particulars at 342
Kearny st.
MARKET. 1431— Furnished housekeeping rooms
and single; gas; bath; laundry; 9-11 a. m..
4-6 d. m.
MISSION. SIS- A nir« front room and Kitchen;
complete for housekeeping; with folding bed.
MISSION. mi—Changed hands; renovated;
newly furnished; housekeeping rooms, suites
or Elncle.
XATOMA. 701. corner Eighth— 2 housekeeping
roomt, furnished, for man and wife.
NEW" MONTGOMERY. 103-Sunny -furnished
housekeeping rooms, cheap.
ing! * -: unn> rooms, tuitab e
O'FARRELL. 742—3 nicely furnlnshed house-
keeping rooms; parlor floor. $1S, $20.
SECOND. 212— Furnished for housekeeping;
also Finale rooms: $9 up.
SEVENTH. 17S-Sunny furnished rooms; hkpR. ;
water; yard; also large front room, furnshd.
STEVENSON. 461. near Sixth— Nice tunny
housekeeping room; ail complete; running
water.
STEVENSO\TFi2. bet. Tth and Sth— Two fur-*
niched housekeeping rooms: bath; central.
TWENTY-THIRD. 372K. near Dolores— 3 sunny
Y>B y-window rooms; nice and neat.
THREE: to live eleRantly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; nil conveniences; rent reasonable.
• Address LOUIS KUH. V25 Valencia st. ; -'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of Hce. J200 Flllmore st.
KOOJ1S TO Llii— -Knrn. a art Unfurn.
A-BIiUNSWICK HOUSE, US Sixth-Rooms •
25c to SI per night, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
\ light houFekoepine: open all night.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 214 Bush st.. ad-
joining the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices.
BURNETT, 1426 Market i-t. (old No. 1360— Fur-
nished rms.. suite*, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1IC6 Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave. — Sunny corner; well furn.; rms. & of flees.
EIGHTH. 34B. nr. Market— One large sunny
fron* alcove room, with closet: also one single.
ELIZABETH. 12. near Guerrero— 5 furnished
: room* for housekeeping: $15.
ELLIS. 618— Front suite, beautifully furnished:
also other elegant rooms; reasonable.
FILBERT. TllVi— A bright furnished front room
to let; board optional; terms reasonable.
FIRST. 2S— Neat outside furnished rooms to
rent; II per week.
FOLSOM, &34-$T a week; large sunny furnished
room; closet; bath; running water; private.
FOLSOM. 9€5, corner Sixth— Suite of S elesant
eunny corner rooms, suitable for doctor.
FOLSOM. 965. cor. 6th (ThTbliver)— Newly fur-
nlshed sunny rooms, single or suites; reasonbl.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single ; travelers accom'dated.
GOLDEN GATE, 727— Nicely furnished sunny
front room; gentleman; prlvat»; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 1526— J unfurn. front rms.;
furn. kitchen, Etove, sink, closets, bath: $10.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
ani Mission gts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladies' parlor: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7S1 Mission St.— Select
family rooming; house; $1 £0 to $S per week. .
HOTEL Francisco — Elepant suites: single: tran-
sient: baths. MP.S. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. 829— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
25c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
JONES. 117 — Nicely furnished larpe sunny
room; 5 closets; gr«te; running water; private.
JONES. 17C3 — Four nice, eunny rooms and bath;
grand marine view; $13.
MINNA. W7. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
OCTAVIA. 2. near Market — Nice large sunny
front bay-window room, nicely and newly
furnished: private family; rent chfap.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: Hectric lights: day. wk.. mo.
POST, 239 — Finest transient rooms in the city;
hot and cold water; elevator.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis st."— Rooms,
night, 2Dc to $1: -week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROTA_^ HOUSE.-i_6!5 Ellis i St.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor: room?, per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to JS; month. $8 to $10; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Elehth st..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE OAKS. 113 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. K. HUGHES, proprietor.
THIUD.. 340— One single furnished room, $3
month.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
ROOMS A.MJ HOARD.
HOTEL Sutherland, cor. Jones and Sutter sts.—
Pleasant sunny single rooms and suites, with
boa^i: Irst-class, with every convenience.
BELGRAVIA Hotel, Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; 525 up.
HAIGHT, 232— Sunny rooms, with board for 2,
$40 per month: also parlor suite for 2, $60.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private: bath: sin. rms.; board optional.
NEW family hotel: exceptionally good In every
particular: summer rates. SO" California st.
VAN NESS ave.. 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board- furnished and unfurnished: $20. •
SI"_C1AL, AOT1CKS.
LADIES— Chichester's English Pennroyal Pills
ar» the best; safe, reliable; take no other:
*«nd 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies" in letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chirhester Chemical Co.. rhiladel.. Pa,
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION-
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5."S0.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. "10 Third.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Cal!. 16 pages, pent to any address In the
T'nlfd States or Canada 'one year for $1.
S_\VI>G MACIIIAES _*M> SLTl'LIKS.
ALL kirds bought, sold, and repairing guaran-
teed. Cfcas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th; phone Mint 4S.
ALL kin's bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STABLES TO LET.
23 STALLS; suitable for milk depot; $25; water
free. 2530 Mission s.t. 4
STORAGE AMI WAREHOUSES.
BEKIXS Van and Stomge Co., 722 Mission st..
tel. South C55— Packing, moving and storage.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and MovTmTcoT
Office 401 Port et.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 KlHmore St.: phone Jackson 2S1. •
TYI'EWHITKHS AM) SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 538 California, telephone Main 2S6.
UIVIU _ Mi >UTIl_*l.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend So. 1C5 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market st., on and after Fri-
day. June 1, 1900. Transfer books will close
on Saturday. May 26. 1900, at 12 o'clock m.
\V. P. K. GIUSON. Secretary pro tern.' '
E_GAlT~ADV_ RTI S _ HEM'S.
ROWARDENNAN Improvement Co.— Notice of
Intention to change principal place of busl-
neie— Notice Is hereby given that In pursuance
to the written content of more than two-
thirds (2-2) of the capital stock of the Ro-
wardenna.n Improvement Co.. a corporation,
created under the laws of the State of Cali-
fornia which said written consent has been
cb'siord and filed in the office of said cor-
poration. It I* the Intention of said corpora-
tion to remove and change Its principal place
of bunlaess from the city and county of Ban
Francisco. State or California, to the town
of Ben Lornond, In the county of Santa Cruz,
State of California, said removal or change
to take eSect Immediately after the expira-
tion of" three O) week» from tha publication
of thl« notice.'
Dated at the cltr and county of San Fran-
rlsco California, this 3d day of May. A.' D.
1900 ROWARDENNAN IMPROVEMENT
CO.', by B. DICKINSON, Secretary.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMGDA REAL ESTATE.
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by. foreclosure; bargain?; on*»-fifth cash; bal- j
a nee In 1. 2, 3 or 4 years. Alameda Savings
Hank.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
TO let— House of 6 rooms", bath, etc., furnished
or unfurnished: large garden: stable; low
rent; location broad-Kaup<» station. Park Et.
Call R. «. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny st.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$50 CASH. $10 monthly; lot 100x256 feet; will
build you a cottage. 3, 4 or 5 rooms, all com-
plete; payment as cheap rent; land level and
rich soil: climate the best and erand view; no
fops nor raw winds here; you can have ele-
vated or valley land; near a 90-Ioot-wide boule-
vard and electric car line; not far from a fine
Fchool; Westall Tract, adjoining; East Oak-
land; buildlnif up rapidly; select rabbltry and
extensive poultry plant now located here; call
oi send for circular; 455 Seventh st.. near
corner Broadway, Oakland. H. Z. JONES,
owner. " .: ;
FOH sale— A bargain: 2 tvro-story houses on
Eighth st.. West Oakland; lot 25x156; monthly
rental $22: price $1800. Apply to WM. CHRIS-
T£X, 1759 Seventh st.. West Oakland.
BLOCK 64. must be sold, near 23d ave.. 17th St.,
East Oakland; a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL PW1FT, 1112 East Six-
teenth st.. East Oakland^
CHEAPKST and best in America— The \Veekly
Call. 1G r-aRP*. sent to any address in the
T'nltfd States cr Canada one year for %l. _
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schelihaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
San Leandro Advertisements,
SAN LFANDRO RE \L ESTATE.
$1000— ORCHARD of 5 acres, with cottage, barn,
etc.. near San Leandro. FRANK & McCAR-
THY. Pan Keandro.
proposals;
iA^r^RXNCISCoTVaTr A prl f 2S, Tm -Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here,
and at office of Quartermaster, until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Monday. May 2S r 1500. for furnishing,
during fiscal year commencing July 1, 1900,
forage and straw for San nieco Barracks.
Cal.; also at. same time, at this office only,
. for forace and straw for Aloatraz Island,
Angel Island. Fort Baker. Renlcia Barracks,
Fort Mason. Presidio of San Francisco, and
Pan Francisco, Cal. Government reserves
rlpht to reject or accept any and all bids, or
any part th»reof. Preference given to arti-
cles of American production, conditions ot
price and quality (Including in the price of
foreign productions the duty thereon) being
equal, and such preference Riven to articles
of American production produced on the Pa-
cific Coast to extent of consumption required
by the public service there. All Information
furnished on application to Quartermaster at
Ran t)leco Barracks or to undersigned. En-
velopes contalnine bids to be endorsed:
"Proposals for Forage and Straw." and ad-
dressed to said Quartermaster, or to J. M.
MARSHALL. C. C}. M.
PROPOSALS will bo received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
Washington. D. C until II o'clock noon. June
12, 1M0. and publicly opened immediately
thereafter, to furnish the annual supply of
coal, coke, wood and charcoal at the N'avy-
ynrd and Naval Hospital. Mare Island, Cal.,
the Naval Training Station. San Francisco,
Cal.-. anil the Naval Station, Puzet Sound.
Wa«h. Blank forma of proposals will be fur-
nished upon application to the Bureau, to
the Navy-yard, Mare Island, Cal.. the Naval
Station. Puget Sound. Wnsh., or to the Navy
Pay Office, San Francisco. Cal. A. P.
KENNY. Paymaster fieneral V. S. X. 5-11-00.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon. June
5, l?00, and publicly opened immediately there-
after, to furnish at the Navy Yard.' Mare
Island. Cal.. a quantity of flrepronfed lumber,
pully blocks, steel .plates and shapes, machine
tools, shf et braes' wire, tools and galvanized
sheet Iron. Blank proposals will be furnished
upon application to the Bureau or to the Navy
Pay Office. San Francisco, Cal. A. S. KEN-
XY, Paymaster O>neral V. S. N. 5-4-00.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Gideon P. Allen, 2S, city, and Laura A.
Walker, 19. city.
Harry S. Smith. 24. Presidio, and Esther D.
Smith. 20. 923 North Point street.
Jeremiah F. Martinelli, 29. 3.'2 Fifth street,
and Annie C. Gilfeather. 24. 261 Perry Mreet.
Waiter Repp, 31. 305 Twelfth street, and Ber-
tha Goepel. 20. 307 Twelfth street.
Victor -J. Imhoff. 23, Spokane, Wash., and
Gertrude E. Rice, 24, Upper Lake. Cal.
John Mollnari. 21, 14 Fourteenth street, and
Bertha Block. 13, 328 Seventh street.
Charles Sackett, 2S, city, and Mary C. Briodv,
2S, city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEAHTS-
Birth, marriage and death notices Fent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In st either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CRANNA— In this city. May 21. 1900, to the wife
of Robert Cranna, a son.
HEALY— In South San Francisco, May 13, 1900,
to the wife of Richard Healy, a son.
KELLOGG- In this city. May 21, 1900, to the
wife of Ralph P. Kellogg, a son.
SCHREEN— In this ctty. May 8. 1900, to the
wife of Herman F. Schreen, a son.
WATERMAN— In Bay View. May 19. 1900. to
the wife of Earle E. Waterman, a daughter.
MARRIED.
HOOKE— FRESE— In this city, May 23. 1900, at
Central M. K. Church, by the Hev. f*? D.
Hutslnpiller, Fred R. Hooke and Jessie L
Frese, both of San Francisco.
MATHKWSON— FORD— In this city. May "3
1900, at St. Rose's Church, by the Rev. M j'
Giles, James I. Mathewson and May ' c'
Ford.
MIZE— WOOTTEN— In thin city. May 20 1900
by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller, Halp"h C.' Mize
and Iva Wootten, both of San Francisco
WETHERHOLT— BOOKHOUT-In this city
May 2i>. l'JOO, by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller'
Sergeant James H. Wetherholt. U. S A. and
Matle E. Bookhout of San Francisco. '
______
Armstrong. Rose Klein, Anton
Claussentus, Eliza Little, Cora H
Cosgrove. George P. MeNally. Hannah
Oruz. Louis Metzel, Max
Davidson, Isabel O'Maliey, Dr W H I
Estudillo. Emma Salomon, Rachel
Hexter, Fannie Shaughnessy, Annie
Hogan, Marie E. Smyth, Henry
Huston, John Troy, Katie
Huppert, Kathrina. Wetzel, Henry
Jacoby, Lesser White, Cariton E
Johnson. Theo. L. Wilson, Robert
Kahn. Louis
ARMSTRONG— In this city, May 23. 1900 at
the residence of her daughter, Mra. M Con-
nell. 4408 Twenty-fourth street. Rose, beloved
wife of the late James Armstrong a native
of County Cavan, Ireland, aged S2 years
(Clntcrment private.
CLAUSSENIUS— In this city. May 23 1800
Eliza, beloved wife of the late George.
Claussenlus. mother of Max and George L
Claustenlus. Mrs. J. N. Frank of San Lean-
dro and Mrs. C. II. Dosch of Sacramento and
sister of Mrs. S. Koerner of Mill Valley a
native of Frangenbergr, Hessen Kasnel Ger-
many, aged .57 years 8 months and 18 days
tCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence o'
h?r son, M. Claiisseniun. 40S Scott street be-
twesn Oak and Fell. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery-
COSGKOVE— In this city. May 23, 13C0, George
Pressley. dearly beloved son of Edward and
Katie CosKrove. a native of San Francisco
aged Z months and 26 days.
CRUZ-In Oakland. May 23, 1900. Louis, beloved
son of Manuel and Mary Cruz, and brother of
Jo«»ph, Manuel and .Antone Cruz; a native of
California, aged 23 years 5 months and S
days. • '
DAVIDSON— In Santa Clara. Cal.. May 21, 1900
Isabel Davidson, wife of P. A. Davidson a
native of Washington, D. C, aged 46 years
and <• months.
E_7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the family
Yes!dence,/683 Lafayette etreet, thence to St '
'Claire's ¦ Church; where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment at
Santa Clara.
ESTUDILLO— In this city. May 23. 1900, Emma
Estudillo. beloved wife of Bernard Estudillo,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALilERS,
20. Fifth et., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY
CO lima, san Mateo Co.
OFFICE, 916 MARKET ST. Tel. So. 337
lUALIFORNIA LIMITED:
+ ?
+ Santa Fe Route ?
+ TO *
I CHICAGO I
? ?
¦+ Quickest runnlnsr and most luxurious +
¦?• train across the continent. Connecting -4-
¦?¦ train leaves San FrancHsco 5 p. m. Mon- •*¦
¦?• day, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, -?¦
"4- arriving In Chicago 2:13 p. m.. In time -4-
> to connect with all limited trains for 4-
X New York. -.•:-•=. +
i Leaves San Fran-
T OVERLAND Cisco at S:3O p. m. T
> EXPRESS Tourist cars for +
> W»?i v Kansa- City. St. +
I DAILY Louis. Chicago and J
the East. +
+ Our new line via Valley Ry. Division Is +
a now open: through freights between a.
San Francisco and Chicago are being T^
"?¦ handled: passenjeer trains will take this "?"
-+• route at an early date, which will be -?-
a. announced. This is the only railway .».
owning Its own tracks between San _
"T; Francisco and Chlcajo. 2350 miles. *
•J Pan Francisco office. 62S Market Street. - -
4- Phone Main 1531; Oakland. 1113 Broad- < -
.+. way; Sacramento. 201 J Street; Sao Jos*. -+-
-J. 7 West Santa Clara Street. .a.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSBH
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcuron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN HAFAEU-iiV
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m,: 12:13.
8:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. in. Thursdays*— Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays— Extra tries at 1:S»
and 11:30 r>. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 2:30, 11:00 a, m.; 1:30. 1:30,
b:00. C:3> d. m.
BAN BAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.,
TTEEK DAYS— «:10, 7:50. J.SO. 11:10 a. _.: 12:43.
S:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:56 and 6:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 1:40,
6:01, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Park
lime schedule aa above. '
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
Ban Francisco. (Apr. 15. 1S00.I San Francisco.
" Week J Sun- J I Sun- I Week
Day. | dayi. | Deatlnatlo—1 day». | Dayi.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami »:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:0S pmJ10:I3 am
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35_ ptnf t:to pm
Fulton.
T:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
llealdsbur*.
Lytton.
Geyeervllle.
1:30 pm 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 8:23 pm
' 7:10 ami j Hopland \ 110:23 am
t:30 pm| »:00 am| and Uktah. | 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Gueraeville. 7:35 pm
t:SO pm 8:23 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am $:43am
and
t :10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 a-.nl 8:00 am] 113:40 am!10:2S am
1:30 pm| 5:00 ptn| Sebagtopol. I 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and AVhlte Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Oeyservllle for Skagcs fprlr.es: at Cloverdala
for the Geysert: at Hopland ! for • Duncan
Spring*. Highland Sprtnjrs, Kelaeyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Bprlnss; at TJkiah for Vlehy Springs. Sarator*
6prlngs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Spring', Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Vatl»y.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Buckncll'i.
Eanhedxin Heights. Hullvllin, Orr's Hot
Fprlngs. Mendocino Ctty. Fort Bragg. West-
port Usal, Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cuxnmina,
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen'i. Dyer. 8cotl»
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rocntf trio ticket* at
reduced rates.
On Sandny round trip ticket* to an potata
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
ticket nfflce». 6M Market st.. Chronicle bldg.
ft. C. WHITING. R- X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pus. Aseat.
WABASH^
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
FROM
Chicago, Kansas City and St. Louis
to
New York and New Tngland Points.
Finest thiouch train service, with polite and
courteous employes. - Stop-off allowed at in*
Falls. ROSS C. CLINE. P. C P. A St..
Lot Angeles. C«JL
C. 8. CRANE. G. P. Att..
St. Louts. Ma.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
012«"> HUAE.VT KT. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Disenses, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease rearing: on body and mind ar.d
Skin Diseases. The d oc tor cures »h«-ri
otbersfalL Try bim. Chnr'm low
I nrf .|tninin(rf.l. Cauorwrite,
Dr, J. *'. ulBIlOAi Box 1937. san Francisco
and mother of Susie Estudlllo, a native of
Mexico, aged SO yearB S months and 8 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Frldav). at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, '1467 Fifteenth street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HEXTER-In this city. May 21. 1000. Fannie
Hexter. relict of the late Kaufman Hexter of
Mokclumne Hill. Calaveras County. Cal.. and
beloved mother of Mrs. Aupust Wetnlander.
Mrs. Kd Weinlander. Mrs. Henry Schrag- and
of A. L. V \\\, I^ouls. Charles L.. ami L.Ulle
Hextef.'a native of Germany, aged 68 years.
ICTFriends and acciualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursdav). at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her dauehter. Mrs. E<1 Welnlander. 1701
Buchanan Ftreet. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
HOGAN-In the City and County Hospital.
May 23 1000. Marie E. Hogan. a native of
Rhode Island, aged 68 years.
HITPPKRT— Entered Into rest. In this city. May
22, 1300, Kathrina M. Huppert. dearly beloved
mother of Henry. Victoria and Katie Huppert.
Mrs George Dresser, Mrs. J. V. Johnson and
the late Philip Hurpert, a native <\f Germany.
Eced r,e years 10 months and 24 days.
(T^Krlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursdav,) at in o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 162 Shipley street. Cremation Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
H17STON —In this city. May 21, 1500. John
Huston, a native of Ireland, aged 81 years.
{n7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Frldav) at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of the
Lick 'House. Interment private, Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. Plfase omit flowers.
JACORY— In Ix>s Angeles. Cal.. Lesser, beloved
hushnnd of Lydia Jacoby. and brother of
Solomon, Isaac N-. Nathan. Herman. Morris
and Abraham Jacoby, a native of Germany,
a red 44 years.
JOHNSON'-In Indlo, Theo. I* Johnson, a na-
tive of California.
KAHK-In this city. May 22. 1900. Louis Kahn.
beloved husband of Sophie Kahn. father of
Mrs. S. Litchtensteln and Alfred Kahn. and
brother of Mrs. F. Levy. Mrs. H. Neumann,
Mrs. L. Dallman and Samuel and Leon
Kahn, a native of Baden, Germany,, aced 55
years and S months.
tCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2G43 Bryant street. Cremation at I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. Tlease omit flowers.
KLEIN— In this city. May 21. 1DO0, Anton,
dearly beloved husband V>f Catharine Klein,
and father of Alvlna Klein, a native of
Alsace, Germany, aged 42 years 8 months and
15 days. A member of Verein Elntracht and
Suddeutscher Verein.
EJTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Verein Ein-
tracht Hall, Twelfth and Folsom streets. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains at
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
LITTLE— In this city. May 22, 1P0O. Cora Hazel
Little, beloved daughter of Walter J. and
Fannie E. Little, a native ot Oakland, aged S
years 4 months and 25 days.
(prFriends and acoualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 1 Walter street, corner of
Thirteenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
MeNAL.LT— In this city. May 23,-1900, Hannah
MeNally beloved mother of Frances and
Julia MeNally, a native of Ireland, aced 56
years.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
HalMe'd & Co., 046 Mission street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
METZEL^-In this ctty. May 20. 19M, Max Met-
zel. a native of Bohemia, aged 3.i years.
(C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday.) at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. "O'Connor & Co., 7C7 Mission street.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 3:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
O'MALLEY— In this city, at the Presidio, May
S3. 1900, Dr. W. H. I. O'Malley. son of A. J.
and Rebecca O'Malley.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
SALOMON— In this ctty. May 23. 1900, Rachel
Salomon, a native of Germany, aired 51 years.
(C^Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this clay
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the Hebrew
Home for Aged and Disabled, 507 Lombard
street, near Stockton, thence to Third and
Townsend streets. 11:30 o'clock train. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
SHAUGHNEPST— Annie E., beloved daughter
of Martin and Ann Shauchnessy. sister of
Michael, John. Joseph, GeorRe Willie and the
late Martin ShauRhnessy and Mrs. John Mul-
HnF. a native of San Francisco, aced 27
years.
SMYTH— In Pan Lorenzo. Henry Smyth, be-
loved husband of Mary Elizabeth Smyth, and
father of Mrs. H. S. Klnsell and Harry T.,
Florence. Mabel, Elsie and Alice Smyth, a na-
tive of County Antrim, Ireland, aged 73 years
3 months and IS days.
tTTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resl-
' dence In San Lorenzo. Interment private, at
Odd Fellows* Cemetery. San Franc!3co. on
Thursday, May 24.
TROY— In Oakland. May 23. 1900. Katie, be-
loved wife of J. H. Troy, mother of J. H. Jr.,
C. S., V. M. and K. S. R. E.. Troy., and step-
mother of George. D. Troy, aged 51. years.
WETZEL-In Alameda, May 22. 1500. Henry,
beloved husband of Ellrabeth Wetzel. and son
of Mrs. E. Kurzrack and the late Henry Wet-
zel, a native of Iowa, ased 32 years and 11
months. (Los Gatos papers please copy.)
IT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Friday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 421 Central avenue. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
WHITE— In this city. May 22, 1300, Cariton E..
beloved husband of Alice G. White, and
father of Charles L. and Fred C. White, a
native of New York, aged 54 years.
(n^Remalns at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jncob & Co., 31S Mason street, be-
tween O'Farrell and Geary. Notice of funeral
' hereafter. .
WILSON— In this city. May 23. 1900, Robert
Wilson, father of Mrs. Rutler Smith, s native
of Ireland, aged 77 years 1 month and 5 days.
ICTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Friday),
at 10 o'clock, at 504 Baker street. Interment
Hay wards.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _/___„
Anheuser-Busch Bottled Beers
are without a peer—
J3UuWClSCr ? **The Oriainal**
lT%. t S^S^*^ Black & Tan, "The American Pona 1 *
WsMl/wJ&S^ Anheuser-Standard
1 ~Jf\^ y^"%^ CXqUlSlte, "Amenosn Pilsensr"
The materials used for these brews are the
very best obtainable. "Not How Cheap ;
but How Good" is the motto of the
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A.
j,— - a j*> »»4 the famous food-drink that physicians recom-
/ffjr* /-/t^o wC *¦£**!**** mtvA to nursing mothers, the convalescent,
t//ij(lli/fJ^UPJf^l^ the aged, the feeble, is made by this association.
BAXLBOAD TBAVEL. _______________
SabswIw 3^^^i^DQ:MtB_MLrR'R*s: t \^M
vi EL I _i vvflt u I , . . -._;¦_- » | toga
mrmmam "* r^* m j OFFERS CtlOlCE*-OP^r -«tF 'tWfSl
3 Distinct RouTEsl^S6|^fell£®^te:t(^^s
MagNI^ !C mm
Pullman Palace «... rr . .,p,pp n '' DENVER-OMAHA wiTHmTf
and ORDINARY NAM FPANP SfnTO U^ CnrwirArn phaS-p K$£fl
SleepingCars l 1 "'' I iiAllbluUU AiNDCHICAGO change. )&£§§]
PlH ClPANnF " IS THE 0NLY TRANSCONTINENTAL LINE PASSING //m/M
rHEtif VaiXMI1U f r DIRECTLY THROUGH SALT LAKE CITY, WAwUl
Y/E5TERN [{Y.LEADVILLE, COLORADO SPRINGS M^y//M
and Denver; &!///llik
Fof? Pores' C£SCP?rP>T/\/E MATT£G> crc^tNQUlPE CF Q£G&?$~£JS\
rVrw HHNT7 " F.W.THOMPSON , <;^/ w«/i,* —^^^^^^riiis
GenYPvSrW 62? M/WKCT Jr., Pjbce //o'e/.
SALT LAKE CITY. 5>f// /v?/?A/C/SCO. fPProfessor Falrclough of Stanford Uni
versity delivered a very Interesting stere
optlcon lecture at the hall of the Good
Samaritan on Second street last night, in
which the various picturesque scenes
along the Northern, Canadian Railroad
were shown and described at length.
Professor Fairclough's Lecture.
Notice to Passengers.
Round-trip transfer tickets on sale at
any of our offices. One trunk (round trip),
60 cents. Morton Special Delivery, 408
Taylor street. 600 Market street, Oakland
lerrj depot. rr •;- - - - • .
Ex-Convict Steals Rig.
"Jack" Flynn, an ex-convlct, stole a
horse and bugey on Market street, near
Second, yesterday and tried to sell the
vehicle at Lowncy's stable on Ninth
street. Lowney telephoned to police head
quarters and Detectives Graham and
Crockett arrested Flynn. He would not
tell where the horse was. The rig be
longed to the Olympic stable on Sutter
street, near Powell.
JAPANESE ACCUSED
OF EXTORTING COIN
Police Are After the Scalp of MasujJ
Miyakawa, a Sslf-Styled
Reformer.
Masuji Miyakawa, a . self-styled Japan
ese reformer, appeared in Judge Caban
iss' court yesterday on a charge of ex
tortion, preferred against him by I.
Muiro. .512 Dupont street. The case was
transferred to Judge y Fritz's court, as
Prosecuting Attorney Hanley had at one
time acted for Miyakawa,
The police have received numerous com
plaints against Miyakawa, who, they
claim, has made it a system to extort
money from Japanese' men and women
on the plea that the police had charges
against them, and he could fix things
In a Japanese paper published in this clty
Mlyakawa has been posing as an officer of
a society. for the suppression of vice, and
has been using the. names of Chief Sulli
van and oUier prominent citizens as his
sponsors.-;
While going to her room in the Girard.
House at Seventh and Howard streets
last evening Mrs. Logue, an elderly
woman, was attacked by a robber, who,
after knocking her down, snatched $2
from her hand. In falling the unfortunate
woman struck against the staircase,
breaking her right hip.
Mrs. Logue, who was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, said she was employed
at the 5 Thomas Dyeing and Cleaning
Works *on Eleventh street, where she
made scarcely enough money to keep her
out of the poorhouse. Last evening she
drew $2 to pay the landlord a week's room
rent at the place where she was assaulted.
"Just before I reached the door 1 took
the money out of my purse and held it in
my hand," said the old woman, "and
started upstairs. Suddenly I was struck
from behind, and as I reeled around the
desperate robber again struck me, knock
ing me down. Grabbing my hand he
forced it open and took the money. My
purse had fallen from my hand, but he
picked it up and after examining it and
not finding anything *of value In it he
threw it away and disappeared."
Mrs. Logue describes her assailant as
being about SO years of age, rather tall
and weighing about 150 pounds. He was
dressed in a blue suit and wore a dark
slouch bat.
Detectives Crockett and Cody were at
once detailed on the case by Captain
Seymour, but up to a late hour last night
they had not succeeded in obtaining a
clew to Mrs. Logue's assailant.
Knocked Down at Thresh
old of Her Home and
Her Hip Broken.
BRUTAL ROBBER
BADLY INJURES
AN AGED WOMAN
Chinese alleged native-born American
citizens are melting away under the hot
fire of cross-examination conducted by
United States Attorney Coombs and As
sistant United States Attorneys Marshall
B. Woodworth and B. J. Banning. Messrs.
Coombs and AVoodworth took the first fall
out of the batch of thirty-six habeas cor
pus cases before United States Court
Commissioner Heacock and secured the
deportation of half a dozen of the alleged
native sons.
Late last week Mr. Banning took charge
of the cases and by a subtle line of ex
amination exposed willful perjury in three
cases and Secured the deportation of
the three. These cases prove two ! very
important facts: First, that the claims
of alleged native-born Chinese immigrants
are in nine out of ten cases without any
foundation whatever, except perjury, and
second, that this perjury can be exposed
by skillful cross-examination.
The Chinese method is for the applicant
and his witnesses to agree upon a certain
story. This they learn by rote so that
they may tell it in court without hesita
tion. The American method is* to allow
the witnesses to tell the story and then
cross-examine them as to the qetalls. l<or
instance, in the case of Leong Hin Duck
a few days ago the uncle of the boy told
the usual story as to his having been
present and having assisted at the ac
couchment of the petitioner's mother at
the time he was born in a house on Du
pont street, and to having seen the boy
half a dozen times every day from his
birth to the exact second that the steamer
left the wharf bearing the petitioner away
to China.
After he had told his story he was asked
whether he had seen the boy in the
County Jail. The uncle denied that he
had ever been to the jail, in spite of the
fact that two white witnesses were pres
ent who were ready to swear that they
had seen him there on more than one oc
casion in conference with the boy. It was
therefore evident that the man was lying,
and the boy was ordered deported.
In another case the petitioner , swore
that he lived in the twelfth house on the
second alley, in a certain village in China
after he left his I native land. California,
to spend a few years with his relatives.
The • cousin of the petitioner was then
brought into court and swore that the
petitioner and himself lived in the fourth
house in. the third street of the village.
"But," suggested United States Attor
ney Coombs, "the petitioner here sworo
that it was the twelfth -house." '
The cousin reflected for a moment. Then
his face- brightened as he said in Chinese
to Interpreter Jones:: "That's easily ex
plained.^ The fourth house on the third
street, did I say? Yes— don't you see that
four houses multiplied by three- streets
make ¦ twelve houses? And that ; agrees
with my cousin's statement that it was
the twelfth house." : .
Pretenders and Perjurers
Exposed by Skillful
Tactics.
CHINESE NATIVE
BORN FRAUDS IN
REACOCK'S COURT
The Nome fleet will soon all be on the
way. The Charles D. Lane will probably
get away for the gold fields to-morrow,
while the St. Paul, Valencia and Noyo
will follow her on Saturday. The St. Paul
will connect at St. Michael with the river
boats for Dawson and the Valencia will
go to Cape York and Golofnln Bay, after
calling at Nome, while the Noyo will go
from Nome to Cape York and Port Clar
ence.
Among those who will go away on the
St. Paul is William H. Metson of the law
tirm of Reddy. Campbell & Metson. He
goes north in the interests of the Pioneer
Commercial Company, of which Captain
Charles Nelson is president, and also of
Messrs. Mordaunt, Blake, Libby and half
a. dozen more of the big mining men in
the Nome district. Messrs. Orton and
.Sullivan, from the office of Reddy, Camp
bell & Metson, have gone ahead of Mr
Metson in the steamer Zealandia, and will
have quarters ready for him on his ar
rival. Mr. Metson will be banqueted bv
his friends at the Bohemian Club to
night.
Among those who will go north on the
Charles D. Lane will be S. Knight of the
law firm of Page, McCutchen, Harding &.
Knight. The chances are the firm will es
tablish a branch office at Nome, but Mr
Knight is going north primarily in the'in
terests of Charles D. Lane.
Besides their attorneys, each concern i*
taking north about fifty men, all well
armed. One contingent will work the Pio
neer Commercial Company'sclaims, while
the other is under contract to Charles D
Lane. Their arms will be used to protect
the gold that it is expected will be dug
out of the ground. These preparations
gave rise to a story that there was to be
a race north between the steamers C D
Lane and St. Paul and that there would
be fighting over claims when the vessels
reached Nome. The facts of the case are
as above stated.
H -Warren, the representative of the
Onisbo Mining Company, will be another
passenger on the St. Paul. He is taking
w , U Jl hIm a lar ? e force of men and some
of the finest mining machinery that will
go north this year. The company repre
sented by Mr. Warren owns quite a num
ber of claims and has some large Interests
in other directions also. Upon his arrival
at the gold fields Mr. Warren will lose no
time in getting to work.
>/\£K" u f h ??' f <?"nerly O f the firm of
McAllister & Hughes, goes up on the StT
Paul to look after the stevedoring work
of ,_M th £, Alask & Commercial Company
while Walter H.'Gollin goes north to r"pl
resent the Board of Marine Underwriters
The steamer Sequoia was to have got
away for Cape Nome yesterday after
noon, but it was late In the evening before
she pulled away from the wharf. Even
then she did not go out, but lay in the
stream for several hours. A gale was
blowing from the northwest and the cap
tain decided that it would be a waste of
time and fuel to go out and face the
storm." ¦ '
The Sequoia takes away 110 passengers
ten being women. Eight of them are the
wives of men who are going north to seek
a fortune, while Mrs. Maddox, formerly
of East Oakland, Intends opening the Ala
meda Cafe in Anvil City. Miss Meyer is
to open dressmaking, nairdressing and
manicuring parlors. E. Phillips and a
party of ten are bound for the Solomon
Klver. They are taking along a dredging
plant, and are prepared for extensive
operations. William Perkins and a party
of three are taking- up a lot of machinery
a stern-wheel boat and a lot of lighters.
After landing her passengers the Sequoia
will go trading on the Siberian coast.
The steamer Newsboy has been pur-
Chased by Walter S. Scammell from Rob
ert Dollar, and is to be fitted out as soon
as she arrives here from Hueneme for the
Nome trade. All the fixtures and the nec
essary lumber Is ready, and as soon as
the steamer is discharged the work of
getting her ready will begin. She will be
built up and accommodation for 100. pas
sengers provided. A start will be made
June 1. After touching at Nome and
landing her passengers and freight >the
Newsboy will go to the Siberian coast
She is as Bmart a steamer of her class as
there is afloat.
Companies Taking Them for
Purpose of Guarding
Treasure.
HEAVILY ARMED
BODIES OF MEN
FOR GOLD FIELDS
Julius Arnold, senior member of the law
firm of Keighley & Co. of London, Eng
land, was arrested at the ferry yesterday
afternoon by United States Marshal Shine,
on a warrant charging him with embez
zlement committed in England. The man
Is wanted for an alleged theft of £3fXX)
from an estate which was placed in the
keeping of the firm of which he is a mem
ber. AVhen taken he at first denied his
identity and now refuses to state anything
whatever about the case. He says, ftow
ever, that he will not resist extradition,
and is willing to go back to tace those
who accuse him.
Arnold sailed from London under the
assumed name of McKay on March 24.
Just previous to his departure the firm
of Keighley & Co., solicitors, became
bankrupt and later he was accused of
theft, tie came ;»lmost direct to Califor
nia and his description, with a request for
his apprehension, was given to Marshal
Shine about eight days ago. The British
Consul had been wortctng on the case for
some time and supplied the United States
authorities with a warrant for the arrest.
In this city much mall matter was re
ceived by the wife of the alleged embez
zler in the name of Mrs. Edith Clarke.
From this the Marshal obtained his lead
and yesterday caused a decoy letter to be
placed in the Postofflce box. Arnold took
the letter and was followed by a secret
service man and the Marshal. At the
ferry building Arnold purchased a ticket
for Berkeley and Just as he stepped out
of the office was confronted by the Mar
shal, wha addressed him by his right
name. He i unconsciously returned the
greeting, but hastily attempted to correct
himself, and was placed under arrest..
Secret Service Agent R. S. Brown took
the suspect In charge and after an hour's
teaious work finally forced the confession
that he was the person wanted by the
London authorities. Arnold will neither
admit nor deny his guilt. He says he in
tended to remain in California and start
in business under an assumed name. His
arrest was a surprise to him, but he will
make the best of the circumstances and
will return to England without any legal
proceedings. At his own request he was
permitted to remain under the charge of
a deputy Marshal in the Walmouth Hotel,
Berkeley, last night, where his wife re
sides. He is 39 years of age. His wife is
paid to be distantly connected with the
English nobility.
Julius Arnold Captured by
Marshal Shine at
the Perry.
LONDON LAWYER
IS ARRESTED FOR
EMBEZZLEMENT
ant position. His next hierarchical ap
pointment made him successor to Cardinal
Satolli as Papal Delegate. In 1896 he was
consecrated Archbishop of Ephesus.
As a power In the College of Cardinals
Martinelli stands high, and speculation
upon the successor of Leo XIII has often
placed the legate in the Papal chair. His
vast experience and the magnitude of his
present mission mark him as one of the
foremost of the Cardinals.
The present visit to the 'West is not con
nected with important business — at least,
so it is announced. Archbishop Martinelli
visited Seattle with the avowed purpose of
conferring the pallium upon Archbishop
Christie. As Archbishop Riordan is not
here to receive the legate, his visit will be
unattended with the formal ceremony that
is always observed in these clerical func
tions.
THE Most Rev. Sebastian Martinelli. i
the Papal Legate to the United
States, accompanied by his secretary.
Rev. F. Z. Rooker. and Father P. C.
j Ycrke, will arrive in San Francisco this
! morning on the Oregon overland.
The full title of the successor of Satolll,
who is the titular Archbishop of Ephesus,
! is Apostolic Delegate to the United States.
He is 52 years of age, his birthplace being
a small town in Tuscany. From IS63 until
1875 he was at Rome studying theology in i
the Augustlnlan order. He was ordained j
priest in 1ST4. In l^SS he was elected prior
general of the hermits of the Order of St..
Augustine at the general chapter of the
Augustine Order, and in 1SC*5 he was re
elected to the same honorable and import-
Mos!; Rev. Sebas ian Martin?lli.
MARTINELLI VISITS
WESTERN DIOCESES
Pope's Personal Representative in This
Country Will Arrive This Morning
With Father Yorke.
After only one day's testimony the Mc-
Glade case has ' developed holes big
enough to drive a coach and four through.
There is an error in the indictment that
brings a tmiie to the faces of the de
fendant's counsel every time the instru
ment is referred to. John J. Cathcart,
the principal witness against the defend
ant, is missing', and the last heard of
him he-was ehecking. his.trunk for a jour
ney Kast. The Deputy Sheriff who arrest
ed McGlade has telegraphed to the pros
ecution that be has broken his arm and
cannot attend, and Clarke, the man who
had charge of the sewer gangs of the
Street Department, may be ruled out as
a. witness altogether, because his name is
not properly given in the accusation.
The absence of Cathcart may prove a
serious blow to the prosecution, fcr he is
the only inan who can prove McGlade's
ticnature, and proof of this and also of
McGlade's handwriting mutt be the basis
lor tse expert testimony connecting Jrt..-
ulade with the forgeries. Cathcart has
been in court at almost every session at
which the AlcGlade case came up, but he
has not been in attendance tnis week. His
at'sence was not noticed until inomas
Clarke told Tom Gibson, the detective,
that he met Cathcart at the ferry tiepot
fcaturday evening, and Caihcart said ne
was going Kasl to take charge of the
business of some linn. Gibson at onte
started a hunt fcr the elusive witness,
but his search was in vain, lie has not
been able to rind Cathcari anywhere, and
the chances are that by now he is well
out ot the way ot any process from this
State.
Phillips, the Deputy Sheriff who arrest
ed McOiade. was up here sjme aays ago
when the case was called in Judge Cook s
absence. It was announced that the case
would go on, anyway, but when it was
called u wjis rut over until the return of
Judfc-e Cook. Phillips went back home to
Arizona, and now he has sent word that
a broken arm will ktop him from attend
ing the trial.
As to the error in the indictment, it may
•work the prisoner's liberty before the de
fense has done with it, although to an
tvervday man, with no st-pse ot the law,
it pe*ms trivial. McUiade is being tried
for the forgery of the name of 1 homas
Dwyer to a fraudulent demand for pay
ment for work done on the city's sewers.
In addition it is charged that all the other
signature? certifying to the demand are
iorg'.'d. ami Clark* was one of those
whose duty it was to keep track of the
men working on the sewers and indorse
their demands. His name was one of
t.h. ise said to be forged, but in the indict
ment he is described »is Thomas Y.
Clarke while on the stand he swore he
was 1 homas F. Clarke.
Immediately Attorney Lennon objected
to a:iy of his testimony on the ground
that he was not the man described in
ihe indictment, and it looked for a while
as if the court would sustain the ob
jection. He finally overruled it. however,
on the ground that the man's name was
Thomas Clarke, anyway, and there is a
long line of decisions which says the mid
dle initial is not material, but these do
cot bear upon indictments, and there is
a case on record where the Supreme
Court of this Slate reversed a conviction
because the indictment charged "larcy
as the crime instead of "Ltrceny.- 1 In
overruling the objection the court did so
on the understanding that the District
Attorney would be responsible, a risk
which Mr. Deuprey took upon himself.
The testimony Itself is bringing into the
light a strange and wonderful collection
of short memories. \Y. P. Ambrose, who
was Superintendent of Streets at the time
McGlarte was in his linancial prime, could
not identify his own signature on Mc-
Glade's certificate of appointment, nor
could he say it was McGlade's signature
that was signed to the acceptance. It was
so long ago that he really could not at
tempt to say if the signature was his.
Later on he" took hold of the "blotter,"
tlmebook and payroll of the office of the
HGperintendent of Streets for his term,
but he could not say if they were the
books of his administration. He kept
books, and the books were the same as
those handed to him and the entries were
the same and they were strangely famil
iar, but he could not say that the books
were hi=, and no amount of questions
¦would persuade him to do so.
Then Harrv Piper was called to show
the surprising shortness of his memory-
He was shown McGlade's oath of office.
It was signed by him as Chief Deputy
County Clerk, but he did not know it, nor
<-ould he say more than that the signature
looked like his signature.
Joe Goddard, the present Chief Deputy
County C!<-rk, was thea called, and he
Identified Piper's signature, getting a
¦cowl from the McGlade friends in the
courtroom for his pains. He was also
called on Jo identify the oath, but he
•would not do It, nor would he say more
than that it looked like an official docu
ment. It was afterward identified by
Gibson, who pot it from the County Clerk.
Thomas K. <"larke. after springing the
ir.iddle letter of hir- name and telling what
he knew- of the flight of Cathcart. swore
that he had all the pow«>rmen under his
charge: that he had to keep their time
and certify to their demands; that he had
no such man as Thomas Dwyer working
for him at the time the Dwyer demand
war presented and paid, nor before nor
after; and that he never certified to any
<iemand for Thomas Dwyer. But he
knew nothing of McGlade"s writing or his
signature.
John Ry.in, the only man with a good
memory called during the day, swore that
three receipts for demands in his record
book were written and signed by Mc-
Olade. He is a clerk in the officeof the
Hoard of Supervisors, and his duty is to
look after the demands. He declared that
the Dwyer demand never passed through
his hands.
The plan of the prosecution was to
prove MoG'.ade's handwriting, and for
that reason the d3y \v;i«= spent flickering
over signatures. If Cathcart could be got
at he could porhnps -be made to swear to
Fome of McGlade's writing, but as it
focnis now no one will admit he ever saw
enough of McGlade's writing to know It
again and the slender thread of Ryan's
evidence and the few woids in the demand
record book may be all the experts will
have to work on.
Principal Witness Gone and
the Indictment Found to
Be Faulty.
JackCathcart Has Skipped East After
Being Summoned to Appear and
Testify Against ths
Prisoner.
BIG LEGAL GAPS
ARE YAWNING IN
McGLADE'S CASE
Ten of the eighteen delegates chosen to
represent the Republicans of California at
the National Convention to assemble at
Philadelphia, June 19, met at the Palace
Hotel yesterday afternoon. The delegates
present were: George A. Knight and Dr.
George C. Pardee at large.
First District— Douglas S. Cone, Red
Bluff.
Second Diptrlct— H. T. Power, Placer
County.
Third District— R. D. Robblns, Suisun.
Fourth District— Joseph Spear Jr. and
M. A. Gunst, San Francisco.
Fifth District— W. C. Van Fleet, San
Francisco and H. G. Bond, Santa Clara.
Sixth District— William Garland, Los
Angeles.
Delegates XV. S. Hooper, Dr. E. Hender
son and Dr. Cnester Rowell sent letters,
respectfully regretting inability to attend
ana agreeing to abide by any arrangement
made at the meeting.
W. C. Van Fleet took the Initiative by
calling the delegates to order and nomin
ating George A. Knight for chairman of
the delegation. Mr. Knight was unani
mously elected. The position of secretary
was given to Alternate E. D. Plexotto.
On motion of Delegate Garland the
chairman was authorized to appoint a
committee of three on transportation. The
chair appointed Garland, Cone and Van
Fleet.
The suggestion was made that George A.
Knight should be appointed on the com
mittee to engage neadquarters, as he
would be in Philadelphia before other
delegates arrived there. Knight and Van
Fleet were selected as a committee to ar
range for headquarters. It was the sense
of the delegation that first-class apart
ments should be engaged and that
agreeable accommodations for delegates
should bo reserved In the hotel where the
headquarters shall be established.
In discussing the subject of hotel ac
commodations the delegates expressed the
opinion that no time should be wasted.
It was admitted that the time had gone
by for getting suitable rooms at the
Lafayette or Walton.
Delegate M. A. Gunst was added to the
committee on headquarters. He was ad
vised to wire at once and get all the In
formation possible. Mr. Gunst announced
that he would immediately telegraph to
Sheriff Crow of Philadelphia.
Mr. Power said he expected to take some
friends and desired that rooms be en
gaged.
Mr. Van Fleet suggested that Mr. Gunst
should engage thirty rooms for delegates
and also one suite for neadquarters.
On motion of Mr. Power, it was decided
that the delegation should leave San
tranciseo on June 12. Delegates repre
senting Oregon, Washington and Nevada
will be invited to join the Callfornians.
Banners, badges, flags and decorations
were discussed. A committee consisting
of Delegates Pardee, Gunst and Alternate
Peixotto was appointed to perform duties
in the line of decoration. The committee
was authorized to procure 300 badges.
Wines, cigars and fruit were not over
looked. Mr. Gunst agreed to supply the
cigars. Delegates Cone, Garland, Power,
Bond and Alternate Steeve were commis
sioned to forage for fruit and wine.
Delegate Spear suggested that an as
sessment of $50 be levied on each delegate
and alternate. Delegate Gunst moved
that 1100 be the ilgure of the assessment.
Precedents were cited to prove the ampli
tude of $r>0. Delegate Van Fleet was in
favor of splitting the difference and mak
ing it $75. The latter iigure was accepted.
Delegate Robblns, the Sulsun banker, lm.
mediately flashed four twenties. Then it
dawned upon the chair that Robbins came
prepared to pungle $100. The sight of the
coin reminded the delegation that a treas
urer had not been chosen. Dr.. Pardee
was elected at once. He collected $303 on
the spot.
Progressive passenger agents, repre
senting the leading lines, were glad when
the delegates determined to express a
choice of routes. The railroad men had
been waiting for hours for a decision on
this point. George A. Knight spoke first,
declaring his choice to be: Central Pa
ciilc. Union Pacific. Chicago and North
western and Pennsylvania. Spear and
Van Fleet favored the Illinois Central
from the Missouri River to Chicago. Par
dee and Peixotto favored the New York
Central east of Chicago. Other delegates
accepted the route named by Knight sit
far as going to Philadelphia was con
cerned. There was no decision as to re
turn route. So many iron-clad conditions
are named and so many limitations im
posed that the transportation committee
may demand a new deal. The delegates
have resolved to come homo when they
please and over any route they may se>
lect. The round-trip rate of $SS 50 requires
that the delegate shall leave Philadelphia
homeward bound not later than June 26,
ind must go to the Missouri Rivei- by the
same route that he traveled over from
the river to the East. On the return trip
west of the Missouri the delegate has a
margin of choice.
Delegates to the National Convention Meet and
Resolve to Leave This City for Phila
delphia on June 12.
Republican State Executive Com
mittee of Twenty-One Is
Announced.
LIST GIVEN OUT
BY E. A. FORBES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 24, 1900.
¦ The i reason i physicians always recommend
Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey - Is ¦ because : they
know- of lta absolute purity. • • .¦-
12
THE Republican State Convention which assembled at Sacramento Tues
day, May 15, and adjourned the same day, conferred upon Its chairman.
Colonel E. A. Forbes of Marysvllle, the power to appoint an executive
committee of twenty-one members. At the Palace Hotel last evening
Colonel Forbes announced the committee as follows:
"Wakefleld Baker of Baker & Hamilton. San Francisco.
. William J. Brady of the Kureka Boiler Works, San Francisco.
Charles E. Bundschu. of the Gundlach-Bundschu Wine Company, San
Francisco.-
Henry J. Crocker, capitalist, San Francisco.
W. J. Dutton, president of the Fireman's Fund Insurance Company, San
Francisco.
Thomas Klrkpatrlck of the Moore-Runt Company, San Francisco.
P. N. Llllenthal of the Anglo-Califoinlan Bank, San Francisco.
H. D. Loveland, general representative of the Associated Wholesale Gro
cers, San Francisco.
Colonel Oeorge Stone, railroad contractor, San Francisco.
W. S. Wood of Lloyd & Wood, attorneys, San Francisco.
Charles N. Felton, San Mateo.
W. Frank Pierce, president of the Blue Lakes Water Company, Oakland.
William Barr, contractor, San Rafael.
Douglas S. Cone, banker. Red Bluff.
E. C. Hart, Superior Judge, Sacramento.
Allen B. Lemmon, Postmaster, Santa Rosa,
W. M. Cutter, State Senator, Marysvllle.
J. W. McKinley, attorney, Los Angeles.
W. F. Parker, expert of the State Board of Examiners, Los Angeles.
J. S. Slausson, president of the Chamber of Commerce, Los Angeles.
C. S. Hardy, cattle raiser, San; Die^o.
The committee will meet at the Palace Hotel May 29, at 1 p. m., to organ
ize. It is understood that Colonel George Stone will be elected chairman and
Senator Cutter secretary.
$2 50 ladles' shoes. for $1 50 a pair at the
Beehive Shoe Company, 717 Market st;*
¦ -^_j —^gKS — --— j j
3-Day Specials!
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
Only reliable goods of-
fered at our store.
CREAMERY BUTTER, square.. 30c
Kegularly 33c.
BREAKFAST BACON, Ib 16c
Finest sugar-cured Eastern bacon.
Regularly ISc.
RALSTON'S Breakfast Food, pkg 10c
The great health food.
Ilegularly 15c. ,
YELLOWSTONE WHISKEY.... *'
Full qt. bot.SI.OO, gal. $4.00
"" Regularly $1-25 and $3.00;
PARLOR MATCHES, 4 pkgs..«i25c
Ideal brand, the most satisfactory match
made. Regularly 3 packages 23c.
SMOKED SARDINES, 'tin 15c
" "Sardines, smoked and put up In olive oil;
. very delicious. Regularly. 20c.
TAR SOAP, cake 5c
For healinfj chapped and sore hands and
for softening the skin it is unequaled.
BR0HAN6EL0N. pkg- - - 10s
Makes dlllclous dessert jelly; all flavors.
Regularly 13c.
COUNTRY ORDERS G'.VEN PROMPT ATTENTION.
CATALOGUE FREE.
89 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
(Old number -I Stockton st.)
TELEPHONE MAIN 6622.
Glassware
At Greatly-
Reduced Prices.
Come Just to See.
- Gnat American Inmonms Tea Co.
MONEV-SAVING sTORcS.
!10-:i2 Grant Ave. (Bet. Sutter and Pest).
$61 Market St. (Opp. Powell).
H0 Sixth St.
355 Hayes St. J1S Third St.
1419 Polk St. 5!i Montgomery Ave.
2516 Mission St. 705, Larkin St.
S0C6 Sixteenth St. 1819 Devtsadero St.
146 Ninth St. 475 Hairht St.
200S FHlmore St. 32S5 Mission St.
12 Market St. 2732 24th St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washineton St. 61G E. 12th St
1237 Broadway. 11S5 23d Ave.
1510 Seventh St. 1355 Park St.. Alameda.
POSITIVELY A CURE FOR
ll == \CA TA RHH,
_%^
5§'*kL." Noises in Ears. Throat, Bron-
=S v^""* chitia end Ln » j Diseases.
, =» §f >J*^?! H - J - McCOT. general sec-
0_l 55 «'>N='# retary of the Y. M. C. A..
S^IirijS/j^ says: i# l had trouble with |
§j «="/,/» . my head '. and throat for
0.2/.'; years and the relief afforded
->2£r.» >^ /£* by your new method is very
SSSV^ ,t£\ '.- satisfactory."
§§§*r . 4prsL;" Cppp Honest trial of
If '-''tMm f^ KS - :l - one week.
§JV tS&wSB 1 treatment and medicine |
a : I given free, to show the su- i
$ 7^§i~£?^-i Perfor merit of my new Anti-
*v l^f-fa^^i «entic Treatment. IH> not
delay, but call at once or
DR, XOTTINGHAM,'
204 gutter St , S?'
. Hours*— 9-12 A. M.. 1-3 and 7-S P. M.
O & rr n fill fi I Corner Fourth and I
Valises checked free, j
There will be an excursion of the Cali-
fornia Northwestern Railway to Ukiah
Sunday. May Tt, Fare for round trip will
be $2. Each ticket sold guarantees a seat.
A special boat will leave Tiburon ferry at
8:30 a. m. Passengers will have over four
hours in Ukiah. Plenty of time to visit
Vichy Springs, asylum, rancherla, fish
hatchery of the California Northwestern
Railway and other points of interest.
There will be plenty of vehicles to carry
the visitors to the various points of inter-
est at low rates. The run both ways will
be quick; no stops in transit. On return
leave Ukiah at 5 p. m.
How to make money on Belgian hares. Park
Xews every week. • A bis storj' paper. •"
Sale's. | Sale's.
€/Si J \ interesting 1
'ufci_£fe^> II V / qWIIIIuIIIOII i n|
\\;.S$SS»-. \ sH\ v* •OwC' I hu\ don't run away with the Idea B 5 *!
\ Vv^*>-S*.«> A Aw\*/».AS^5^> h J''-W \ tnat b * cau8< s this Is known as tha _Lf
l YS'.'S" VV LvSa "^/vy * 1 popular store for women that we B5
V * : /\^'iL_ I cannot deserve full support from Mr!
C-'**_^«V&'»yT~— "^3—^ -<Vi f _V¥^i/W/l men - the head ot our gentlemen's W'^i
foHHZ&vxill '— r^) *¦• 'SX>8' V/titt/i.'/ furnishing department Is a man SsH
' yfflKSaHl /JK (^ N^rfi*C07 who has bought for men for years; E§|
Ml///l^£rM*{ji£vL^* «> — -— •J''|Vi I// our orclf*r-* are for him to Intro- K$d
/PjillffSJSBlHf'^X *=^T«Wr^ 1 \3rt_r/ duce m»n's furnishines that are W-.4
iff WiJm&m 'tYV <r: -V > ITriR A 1^*^ always thoroushly pood, always W4
»lifj$aK?H \V,t AJMri1 l^7l^j|''lii^^'' < people Van duplicate elsewhere; iff
lffl/l/HlfiSi' v W'Vf li' ,,Mr ; tii//l W r the gentlemen's furnishing <1i>part- B'.'f
HnftffvBWn I ' f VMl ' f [' '¦I'll 1 '/' m»nt ia close to the .!r>or easy to itf
WllfffSSS IV li : '' ''¦''"' pet at- eaSy tr> V U> ' frot P- a-n^iou' §M
wBl collars and cuffs I
•? IfjPa 'S&&CL3 Vl v HS?" n ' e carr y a l Ine ®t collar* and cuffs — our own bran-3 ME
llitwL ¦'•B_4f IB IS'rlt '"the affidavit brand"— four-ply linen. 2100 fine, in all DM
IMSfljL ' _&».•*' \.t\_S(|'( th e " ew shapes; the fit and the finish are equal to _b3
•8®rf>*« *'~ M SUi * ny h'Kh-prlced linen; the collars are a dime, the S-j
V»^ J ,.-, ~\\ Ww/!ii itamc nf nearly a thousand pillow- Hl$
¦^s. '^-^ t'EG** 1 llCiila Ul cases, hemmed, size 45x38 g&S
/» ' . - _ ¦" *"*?* ~ \|Jf iri!nrnr»f Inches, of a fair quality f£3
. *_7 IlllclCol musl* (on sale In 3rd alsl»> H?j
i&M as Is our custom In parly spring and §$3
§«_ ehirfe our "Hercules" unlaun.iored around housecleanins? time w- offer sin- W\
tMffj Olll I 10 white Fhlrt is marl<? of "Warn- pic or half pair nottineham lace cur- £»*
Igftpj sutta" muslin. has a liner. tains— samrlea and odd on»s left from E2*3
ijgjQrj bosom, double back, front and shoul- heavy sale*— at a big reduction, this 99
HK| ders, continuous facings, patent eus- week we place on sale &2 single or half M "j
§355 f-'Pts. teams all double sewn and pair nottinsham curtains In a'l l<>nj;ths ¦$_!
HS"9 relied,, lon^ and short bosom, all siz°s. an d widths and priced from ir>o to S3
ISJKJj each ."»<)«: <;<>o «ifh. |M
fBB a Iaund»rM white shirt linen bosom. ~;\ curtains 2% yards long by 33 Inches #3
Kfig all Improvements for look and comfort. ,» • f a t vj r,'"i"~'"J'' V •••••••••• •••••lBe W?\
[S$S ion* or short bosoms, all sizes and all /¦} cu " J ns 3 yard3 lon * by JS ln^es ||
iJww leicth slfpvpq <1 <«» wifl«». eacn Ut>c <CU
H&ii jengtn sleeves jpi.ow 16y curtalns 3 yardg , on , by 5i) , neh £; gtt
f_g rercale dress shirts, colored lv>d!es to wide, earh Xic &j
E2S1 match bosoms, link cuffs to match: this 106 curtains 3*4 yards Ions by 50 to 60 Era
Kg-a shirt is worn with a white collar; wi> Inches wide, earh Sal
WSSj show this shirt in all the new combina- and 227 of various slze 3 at equally low ffifij
Fwgl tlon of colors; all sizes, all lengths prices. C£3
ma i<tl.OO 2 cross of sizes 2 and 3 stockinet <".t»i» _3
UgM shields in notion dept., p°r pa j r j >o ray
ISal fnr l/anotinn sllk front necllpee shirts fur ea.w, comfirt and security ladies %1
K&Jjf lUI laud MUM with bodies to match should use the "Anchor" hose surrort»r- S?l
K3fl fin A rvnWmn- the fronts, to be worn It Is attached to the corset clasp, holdlne fi J
lisS dull kuHiilE with white collars am! the corset in flare and at the same tim« Si
B-N ° ° cuffs fil>e supporting the hose; tt |» made of fancy gf'4
ml a swr-ll line of silk front neglUee shirts '?] 1 !,i,* IasUc w!th P^^tinsr fasteners; f*3
My w'th white bodies, to be worn with white pe T_ P „¦",¦ ;¦;¦" 13o |_
tiffl collars and cuffs; checks and stripes In nf w * h °5f^ or <3Ul , clt thirty btoss »j
EH biues, pinks and lavenders fl.OO ?L v?J^T % S* '" r l nkl blu^ r * <1 if I
m a line of C olf shirts In madras, in "{£, bl *? k . ; . ' *° the P ' eCe; *£ ffl
BHH blues, pinks, lavenders, are now on dls- f nm thi« i_ Di^ r fflwV'mV"^."Vs«\i"»uS hM
|1 play in latest patterns ?1.OO TOT other 'store in ffl
gaSS in a bettor rrade. of shirt we can jrive h«hw mr>thp r > s store. we would llk» itj
SBG_ you cheviots, sllk stripe madras, silk UuUl mothers to see our celebrated Ef9
wegfl stripe cheviots or french flannels, two * Arnold Infant's knit outfit of ¦!
ggy grades, many patterns 91.OO. )?l.oO thirty rleces for $12.73 g|
I "the six o'clock store." I
i CASH-OR-LTTTLE-AT-A-TIMB.
HAXDSOME MAHOGANY ROMAN
CHAIRS at the above price. A carload
Just unpacked and ready for Inspection.
Send nve cents In stamps for postage
on new catalog.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),. .
tO17 - 1023 MISSiOn STREET,
ABOVE SIXTH.
Ftoc« South Ik • . 3»a r«ne!i!J,
Good reason for smiling
when you have the supreme
satisfaction of putting on a collar or shirt
done up at the United States Laundry.
with a color and nnish on It to suit tha
most fastidious, and no rough edges or
torn buttonholes to annoy you. A man la
In luck to be able to have his linen kept
in such perfect condition as we keep tt in
when laundered at the Tjnlted States
Laundry.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Near Powell.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Off ice-409 12th Street.
The Ifold=Fast Clip
For Eye=Glasses,
It is the only nose piece that solves the prob-
lem of easy, firm adjustment, with simplicity
and neatness of construction.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory .'on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
OPTI CIANS / pu nT nGR'AP HlCAPPAfMT W.
rnuiu" Scientific *
642 Market St. instruments
vr*Dt* chronicle Bun.oiH&. CATALOGUE FREE.
Do 1 o r%f\ The C3v "ed passage-
1 diciCc wa y connecting these
two Immense struc-
j — tures places under
i - one management M*>
''• 5JT1fl rooms. 900 of which
! Cllivl have baths attached.- .
__________ Tourists and travel-
ers from every section,
PnniK/3 of the world recognize
VlFcillQ and appreciate the
*-***v» comforts and convenl-
— ences offered by these
tt m- ¦ ¦% ''. hotels.
• HmfilC • American plan. Ku-
: iXUlCio ropean plan. - ¦
I PAINLESS
i DENTISTRY!
ft . Eveninss until 9. Sundays all f
B • I <!ay. ?
H T Full Set of Teeth, pain- k
|i Ws extractions free.. $4.00 np i
I* f Oold Crowns, 22-k .<{..-,<» up
I* f Fillings iTM' up
B * Teeth Without Plates Our T
|2 ? Specialty. We eive gas. "
I "VAN VROOM,"
|i tOOl MARKET, '
I SIXTH anil MARKET.