rlous duties connected with the Filipino
war,! r v -'''¦-•. f ¦>¦'••"¦ -.-.' -'¦ '> :»:."• ';-,•-:-¦: ¦;
Captain A. S. Barker • relieved Captain
Clark as '- commander yonv on : August 6, IS9S,
and he In turn was relieved by Captain
G. F. F. • Wilde,' her present commander,
some' months lago.v"
The 'Oregon 'has a displacement of;ll,
000 tons, 16.79 ' knots speed,. 11,111 'horse
power.. '•;. She ;' Is • S4B feet long and ¦ draws
feet of water. -She cost more than $3.
200,000." She carries' four 13-inch breech
loading rifles, eight 8-lnch breech-loading ;
rifles.- four 6-inch rapid ' fire guns,- be
sides 4 twenty rapid' flre-6-pounders,- eight'
one-pounders,- rapid , fire. - two ¦ Colts, and
two 3-inch rapid fire field guns."
the absence of pfficlal Information Secre
tary Long is imable"" to 'take action. ; It is
thought that V the , Oregon .has gone
aground Captain F. P. Wilde, command
ing, will immediately notify Rear Admiral
Remey,- who fortunately does not \ leave
Hongkong until to-morrow, and that offi
cer will make Immediate arrangements
for sending lighters and wreckers' to the
battleship's assistance.
The Oregon received from the Zaflro at
Hongkong a detachment of seamen and
marines ¦which .were intended as reinforce
ments for Rear Admiral 1 Kempff at ; ,Taku.
Her dispatch to , Taku was primarily for
the purpose of giving the United States
an ¦ adequate ! naval " representation : - at " that
point, tho authorities deeming it advisable
that ' this Government \ show ' by " a
strong > naval force that it proposed /to
carefully • look out . for ; American interests
during the present Chinese' trouble. ,
The Oregon Is a ¦ first-class battleship,
not only one of the best— lf . not the best-^
in ' : theT. United' States navy, but;! all things
considered, one' of , the meat ; formidable
fighting 'c machines - : In the 4 world. v? San
Francisco^ and the Pacific Coast : have[al
ways had a' proper and ] peculiar pride In
THE UNITED STATES BATTLESHIPS OREGON.
INSTRUCTIONS TO
CHAFFEE PREPARED
WASHINGTON, June 23. — Secretary
Root devoted the afternoon to the prepar
ation of instructions to Brigadier General
Chaffee, who has been assigned to the
; command of the troops ordered to China,
and after a conference the President ap
proved \ them with only a few verbal
changes, which -did not alter their gen
eral character. Although Secretary Root
would not make public the text of the
Chaffee instructions he said that gener
ally, speaking General Chaffee had been
ordered to look out for the. lnterest of the
United States in, China, to avoid en
tangling alliances, to. act concurrently
with the other foreign powers where It
; was to the general Interest to do so and.
In' a word, to continue the policy that has
'marked" the actions of the United States
.'slnce.the beginning of the Boxer troubles
In China. These instructions will be tele
graphed to General Chaffee at San Fran
cisco .in . order to reach \ him . before the
departure of the Grant on Sunday even-
Ing. Secretary Root said that In case the
progress of events made It necessary It
would be an easy matter, to modlf y. Gen
eral "Chaff cc's Instructions' by 'cable' to
Nagasaki, which would be the first port
visited i by the Grant' after her departure
from San Francisco.
Secretary Root was asked If any more
troops would be ordered to China and he
replied, "Not yet." but intimated that the
"further action of the War Department In
that matter would be governed entirely by
the exigencies of the situation. To-day's
instructions are supplementary to his
original orders "to proceed to Peking by
way of Nagasaki tin d Taku."
GERMANY PREPARING
FOR A LONG CAMPAIGN
BERLIN, June 29.— 1t Is evident that the
German Government expects the disturb
ances In China to last for a long time, in
asmuch as all volunteers Joining the. naval
battalions for China have been pledged for
service until the autumn of 190 L The ex
pedition will take 2200 tents, each to serve
for two men.
Bishop Anzer, the German missionary
Bishop at - Shantung, who has been in
Europe for several months, will leave Ber
lin in a few days to rejoin his mission, go
ing by way of the United States. Consid
erable comment has been caused by the
failure of. Emperor, William to grant him
an audience during this vfsit. which is said
to be. due to the, fact that the Bishop's
.views do not coincide with the Emperor's.
PREPAREDNESS OF NAVY
FOR ANY EMERGENCY
WASHINGTON. June 23.— A sign of the
preparedness of the navy for any emer
gency that may, arise in the East Is ex
hibited in the alacrity with which Admiral
Bradford, chief of the equipment bureau,
has taken steps to maintain an ample sup
ply of coal In 'readiness at convenient
points for naval use. " Almost before, there
were any general misgivings as to the. re
sult of the Boxer movement In China the
equipment bureau was looking over the
colliers purchased . in the Spanish-Ameri
can war and since lying out of commis
sion at the navy, yards, with a view to
loading them up at once for foreign ser
vice. Steps have been taken to anticipate
the arrival cf these ships in Chinese
waters by diverting nearer cargoes of coal
to Admiral Kenny's support.
The Navy Department to-day received
news of the arrival at Singapore of the
Ataka, with 6000 tons aboard. She ia from
Norfolk for Manila and put Into Singapore
for orders. She will probably be diverted
to Taku, carrying her cargo to Admiral
Rezney. _
TI3EE FOR A MASSACRE.
HONGKONG. June 23.— A river boat
which has arrived at Wu Chow reports
that It was detained for twenty-four
hours at Wu Chow Fu by order of the
British Consuls in order to afford protec
tion for foreigners. The gunboat Robin
arrived, it was added that anti-forelgm
placards had been posted at -Wu. Chow Fu
saying the time had now arrived for the
ma.<sacie of ffireigners.
The British gunboat Sandpiper. It was
further announced, was still between Wu
Chow Fu and Nghau King Fu and could
not be recalled owing to the wires being
cut. ;/ .
TO COMMAND ALLIED FORCES.
SHANGHAI, June 23.— 1t Is officially an
nounced that the Russian vice admiral.
Alexleff. will take command of the allied
forces In the north.
WOLSELEY SAYS CHINA:. ;
COULD OVERRUN THE WORLD
i r T^7?iß^rasJ)f*fftf'^r'rrTi«iti.».l)ii«li(illlM Xlffff' Wl'IIWl I" IN II lIH'UWI'WHW
EONDON, June 30.— Lord "Wolseley Jn an Interview published tills morning
says:
• "China possesses every requisite for overrunning the world. She has
a population of 400.000.000, all speaking the same language or dialect,
readily, understood from one enu of the empire to the other. She has
enormously developed wealth and still more enormous natural wealth
awaiting development. Her men, if properly drilled and led. are admirable sol
; fliers.'" They, are plucky and able to live on next to nothing. Moreover, they ar©
absolutely fearless of death. . Begin with the foundation of millions upon mil
lions of such soldiers as these men are capable of being made, and tell ma. If
WASHINGTON, June 20.— N0 informa
tion confirmatory of the report that the
battleship Oregon was wrecked off Chefu
had reached the White .House -or Secre
tary Long at midnight. The Oregon is
about at Chefu, and no surprise would be
expressed if there should be truth in the
report, though . flfficials naturally hop#
that the press report Is exaggerated and
that when the Oregon is lightered she will
float off the reef upon which she struck. .In
LONDON, June 30.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Times, telegraphing
yesterday, says: "The battleship Oregon
went ashore in a fog off Hoo Kie Island,
thirty-five miles north of, Chefu. Messrs.
Jardlne, Mathleson & Co. are sending her
assistance."
SHANGHAI, June 23.— 1t is reported
here that the United States battle
ship Oregon is ashore on the island
of Hoo Kie, in the Mlao Tao group,
about fifty miles north of Chefu, and
that a steamer of the Indo-China Steam
Navigation Company has gone to her as
sistance.
her and her doings,' built as she was at
our own -Union Iron Works, and named
after a sister State.
The Oregon was launched on October
26, 1593, and put into commission, Cap
tain C. E. Clark commanding, on July
15, 189 C. On the approach of hostilities
with Spain she was ordered- to the At
lantic, and left San Francisco. on March
19,1§98, and arrived at Key West on May
26, making the phenomenal run of nearly
15,000 ' miles, down to and through the
Straits of Magellan, and up the Atlantic
to Jupiter Inlet, Florida, in sixty-six
days,, without the smallest mishap to any
of her machinery or belongings. She
went from Key "West to Santiago and
took a leading part in the destruction of
Admiral .Cervera's squadron, -especlally
the Cristobal Colon. She. was one of the
Vessels named for the expedition to
Spain and was Admiral jj Watson's flag
ship. Later In the*year she was ordered
back, to the Pacific, and on arriving at'
Callao, went on to the Philippines, where
Bhe has been ever since engaged in va-'
Strikes on the Island of Hoo Kie During
a Fog— Steamer Sent From Shang
hai to Her Assistance.
BATTLESHIP OREGON
ASHORE NEAR CHEFU
was fine, the largest nugget taken out being
valued at J3O.
The Recorder of the district is J. Kuck-
Ttadt.
Topkuk has a population of 300. It has three
Ftores and three ralocns. J. Kuckstadt and
elcht others took out SIC.IM in one and a half
month's work. They have struck a quartz
ledge. The ere. it Is claimed, runs SICOO to
the ton. A stamp mill is now on the way
from San Francisco to work the property.
Twenty to thirty men have taken out JIO.COO
aj'iece here and 100 men have taken out about
KOOO aniece.
M- Stokcley and his. u two. .partners, one of
wbtra n-a.«i c. Custom houi.? p.'ficial at ft.
Michael, were , among the lucky . -ones at .Top
kuk, taking out abcut $37,000 between them.
Two Irishmen, who took out JIQ.CCO apiece
at Topkuk. hired two guards to escort them
to Nome City. On their way up they mistook
two posts r.ear an Indian village for two road
agents and It was quite a little tims before
they discovered their mistake. The joke finally
got out at Nome and the two felt very cheap.
Very little work is now being done on Nome
beach, as everything is staked by the trans
portation companies end private individuals.
Many pieces of land have been Jumped three
and four times. At the present tlrr.e the town
is full of .lawyers and they will have their
hands full cf business this summer.
The night fhe ZeaJandla got in KOO men and
women walked the streets, as there were no
accommodations for them and no one would
allow them to erect tents on their property.
Zwicker. on No. 11 Dexter, with two men.
cleared up $1500 in on» week's work.
The creek? are taming out well. No. 5 on
Dexter is reported to have turned out $10,000.
A physician, who owns a claim en » Anvil
Creek, deported fifty pounds of dust from his
claim with th» North American Transportation
Company at Nome.
Uampart City had a population of 1000 people
this - winter and has turned out very well.
L.lUl* Minook here has turned out good.- Nos.
*3 and 24 have turned out rich. They are
owned by Messrs. Meyer and Beck.
MeGrau's claim. No. IS, on Little Minook,
has yielded pome very coarse gold; also No.
15, owned by Louis Sequin. Nos. 16 and 17
are doing well, but the gold is very fine.
Norton Bay most likely will he the next
excitement. . Many claims were located there
thin spring and some very rich pay dirt was
found. This place is 190 miles from Nome
City.
Council Qity, eixty miles from Nome, has
been exciting a great deal of attention lately.
Some of the claims have turned out as well as
Dexter. Buster or Anvil creeks.
At Nome they are paying $1 per hour for
unskilled labor and 25 cents for five gallons
of water. Fuel and lumber at the present time
tre pcarce and high, but soon will take a drop,
as many Bailing . vessels are expected in. A
man with a horse and wagon is busy all day
long at $15 per hour. Many dog teams ' are
working, can-yln* freight around town.
Unlucky -Vessels.
The Zealandla brings the news that the
Ohio was not the only . vessel to reach
Nome with smallpox aboard. There were
two cases on the Roanoke and one on the
Santa Ana. all of which went north from
Puget Sound. The vessels and their pas
sengers were sent to Egg Island, where
they were still in quarantine when the
iZealandla sailed.
The barge Falkenberg, which started
,for Nome in. tow of a Sound steamer, was
abandoned at sea. Later she was picked
up by the steamer Lakme and towed to
Nome, where both vessel and cargo wero
sold by the agents of the steamer.
The barkentine 'Catherine Sudden and
her cargo were sold by the agents of the
steamer Corwin. Vessel and cargo will
be a total loss to the owners, as a genera
tion of litigation would not get them back
a cent. Might is right at Nome, and the
man with the gun carries the aay.
The transport Rosecrans that was re
ported by the Portland as ashore on a
mud flat was towed off by the tug Meteor
and* was safe at Nome when the Zealan
uia sailed. The Government vessel with
all the supplies for the : soldiers aboard
went hard and fast on the mud during
the night of June. ls. The steamer Valcn
cJa came along and trlf-1 to rendor as
sistance, hut she also ijot into shoal water
and had to sheer off. The captain of the
Valencia offered to take the crew of the
Rosecrar.s off. but the, captain would not
abandon his ship.
Later the Alaska Kxploration Company's
tug Meteor came along, and Inside of an
hour ha<! .-tht" tranFjiort in a place of
safety. Tl-.r. car«»ain of the tug would not
accept a ' toy.'" fljnire. but dcmanui-d sal
vase, and the chances are the mishap will
cost L'iria Sara HW.OOO.
A Stingy Skipper.
There wts cor.f-Iderable indignation. both
at Dutch Harbor rind Cape Nome, over the
tnr.tmtr.t cftlie Httlc. steamer. Elk JTo.^l
by the steamer ban Fearo". The latter yes-
TrTERE are hard times ahead for
the gold hunters at Cape Nome.
according to new? brought by the
Zeals.ndia. which returned frnm
Nome yesterday. The nigrht the
Zealar.dia reached Nome 1500 men valkod
the «=tiests looking for a bed and coul^ not
P,nd v 4. "Bunkhouscs" were making from
SSOOVvTIOCrt a day. Restaurants were coin
infTOoney. The gambling places were
aoinc a thrivintr business. Suicidos were
of daily occurrence. Every man from
jCpjne to York was afflicted with what is
fcr»n*m «<¦ •H*- << Sitka couch," The /mall
r^t oJln la clrciiiaiton was «. tm+SXl n'-fj
l/.ttle or no mining has been done, as the
cold hunters have been afr-iid to leave
their town lots for fear they would be
lumped. Shooting scrapes were frequent
and misht was ripht- The women have
become better shots than the men and
they ke«>p the larder supplied while their
rmshands guard the claims. So far all the
lighterinjr at the gold fields has been done
by the Pacific Steam Whaling Company.
The other concerns had not succeeded in
ret'lng their plants in operation when the
Zeaiandia wa? there, and in consequence
the entire welfare of the camp depended
cpoa the whaling company.
A private letter which came down on
the Ze?.landla from Captain Humphries
cf the whaling company describes the sit
uation as follows:
VOUE Alaska, June 15. im— Since writing
you my last letter, which was pent out on the
Portland. this pr«>at (?) city of Xome
has rrotrn to alannins: proportion!!. The
Or»~on ha« arrived -with some €00 pas
eenrers the Pt. Paul with COO. Pan Ula«
with 500. Orecon 4SC. Oeorffe "W. Elder
with M» and the Tacoma with 300. The Ain
ance, Pwth Portland, Luella, Ranier and Fls
ral. th«» barjfe Dewey. in tow of the lyuella, and
the'echooner Seven Sisters, also the steamship
Sadie and Annie M. Fay from St. Michael have
arrived.
The Pa<!le reports that the Thrasher arrived
at Et. Michael a few hours before t"he sailed
end will leave Immediately for Nome, with a
foil load of passenirprp. and it is reported there
are <*» pa«=eneers nt St. Michael waiting for
a chmocc to reach thin place.
Humerouf Accidents.
Reports of accidents, arid serious ones, arrive
CaHy. To-fiaT I have the rpport of the loes of
the bri« Pltcalrn, which was crushed in the ire
cJf St. Lawrence. The steamer Ranier picked
t:p »orne f*ssenrers ia » n open launch at sea
eff Bt. Latrrenee and reports the total loss of
the bark Hunter, which was crushed in the ice
near Et. U»rence Island. The None City.
wMch was !a company with the Ranier, re
turnefl to Et. Lawrence Island for the wrecked
jui^er.rers. The eehooner Eclipse was also
crue v ed in the lee and th« whereabouts of the
crew U not known. The bark Hunter, which
was without food, boarded • the schooner and
took her stcres previous to the time of her be
ing wrecked. The steamer Grace Dollar was
etove in the lee laid is now beached near Eledpe
Island. These are the reports of the day and,
en the whole, can be relied upon. -
The Etreets are full of people at a" hours of
the day and nlgt-t and the beach is strewn with
tents, co that it Is - impossible to land cargo
from the rteamers which I am discharging. The
Ftear^fhip Senator has- arrived, or did arrive
yeft'-rday. and has dkcharpM h»r passengers
and bacEase. but to-day a heavy rjrf Is run
rln* and Jt is Impossible to do «iythin£. I also
filyrharp'^ th « Bteamshlp San Bias, which
sailed tfcU tnornin-. June U, for Bt Michael:
Also dlscharclrsK the Georee W. Elder. I also
<sS»ehars^ the rteaniFhlp Portland, which sailed
for San Francisco, and steamship Dora, which
railed for Ft- Michael. The harbor te full of
sfcirptrijr. the city is crowded with people and
ruicidcF are of common oc<njrrence. Thousands
cf r«ecrie have ventured here with the same
eld Idra In their minds that they could pick
up gold in the ftreetfi. only to be'.radly dlrap
ix>inted
The rteamship Ohio arrived yesterday with
CM* paw^nsers arrt.fmalUwx on fraard. Lieuten
ant Jarvis uofc Uw matter in hand and has
ordered the Ohio Into tjuarantino at ?t. Michael.
As I tfcir.k I have stated th* teach !s strewn
vSth tent* and '.t is impossible at the present
t!in«; t<> E'-t ro^m tnou?h to land th» carso on
the l«-*cli. I have *e*-n th» commissioner anj
arked him if \ » <-ou!d,riot ciear that b?ach r. rjjj
p-ive me a.rhan-r- to land 'the cargo of these
Ftfeam^r* an<i h«- ha* app«-ale<l to the lieutenant
In tharpe of the Military, who has refused to
awtrt him. but he is tryi»K to accomplisli sane
thtr-s at a.l events.
The officers cf the Zralandia report that
the latest find in the poldc-n north tva:*
Topkuk, or Monumental Heach. It Is
ebout toty miles smith of Nome.^A text
miners mnd<- fortunes thore In a fow
days. A correspond en t of The Call writer
as follows:
New Finds at Topkuk.
TopKulc vcau flrsrt fta-lu-d «,r. April . 14. I*so.
Piece that tiire to date over $:iOC,C*O has been
t«i»:i oat in edd rtu«*. Most of •*»» dust
sel overhauled the Elk and found her out
of coal. An offer was made to take her
passengers anil crew aboard, but the cap-
THE ZEALAXDIA MAKING HER WAY THROUGH THE ICE.
laska she had still twelve tons of coal in
her bunkers." : " -v
The Zealandia made a splendid run from
Nome to San Francisco. On the way north
the Ohio and some of the cracks tried con
clusions with her, but she beat them all
into Dutch Harbor and was coaled and
away eight days before the Ohio. Captain
Dowdell was presented with a flattering
testimonial by the passengers. It is signed
by 200 of the gold hunters who went north
on the Zealandla. Chief Steward James
two shooting affrays which occurred at
Nome recently.
On June 18, A. G. Lucas, a watchman
for the Alaska Commercial Co.. while
guarding some land for the company, was
accosted by J. Lyons, another claimant.
The men became involved in an alterca
tion and Lucas shot Lyons, the bullet
taking effect In the man's stomach. Ly
ons was also armed, and fired five shots
at Lucas, all taking effect. Lucas died
instantly. Lyons* wound was fatal, and
he died the following day.
The other shooting scrape occurred in
a saloon. A stranger in Nome, who had
arrived on June 20, got into a fight on
the same day and was shot and instantly
killed. The trouble was the result of a
gambling dispute. The name of tha mur-4
dered man had not been learned when
the Elder left.
Restaurants I are doing well, a tquara
meal costing $4, while ham and eggs are
worth ¦ $1 50. Everything la hustle ai"
Nome and the activity at Daw son" tiur
ing the height of the Klondike excite
ment Is surpassed.
The following, vessels were at Nome
when the Elder • sailed: Roanoke, St.
Paul. San Pedro, Rainier. Luella, Dewey,
Albion, Olympia, South Portland. U. 9. S.
Bear, Tacoma, Fulton, Santa Ana, Sena
tor. Signal, Aloha. Utopia. Grace Dollar.
Alliance. Valencia, Lakme, San Jose.
Signorita, Elihu Thomson, Ohio and
Charles Lane.
Purser Hayward describes the scene at
Nome as one of unparalleled activity.
He says the beach claims have been
worked over three or four times, but la
of the opinion that the creeks near Nome
are rich. He thinks the population of
Nome may reach 50,000 before the rush
subsides.
was also liberally praised, and the Mid-
Ocean Message, printed on board, said of
him: "He deserves the generous thanks
of the passengers. The task of feeding the
crowd has been a great one, and had It
not been for him some of us would have
gone hungry-"
There was only one row on the steamer
during the passage, and that was when
two gamblers began 1 quarreling. Guns
were drawn and shots fired while the ves
sel was at Dutch Harbor, but no one was
hurt. The men were put in Irons, but es
caped* while the vessel lay at anchor off
Nome.
The mall for Dawson, Unalaska, St.
Michael. Nome and Yukon River points
will leave en the steamer Portland to-day.
Mall closes at Station D (ferries) at 3:30
p. m.
The. Zealandla ; brought down only $40,
000 in gold dust and the. chances are that
there" will not be many larger shipments
this year; as claim Jumping has prevented
the diggings' from being worked.
•ivj'i-' . ¦ ¦ »
TWO FATAL SHOOTING
AFFRAYS AT NOME
Steamer George W. Elder Brings
News of Operations in the Gold
Fields.
The Elder's passage was a quick one.
She left here on May 26 and arrived at
Nome Juno 14. The Elder brings news of
. PORTI.JV.NT>, Or.. June 20.— The steam
er George W. Elder arrived this evening
nine days from Cape Nome.
THE CLARK CLAIM, WHERE THE BIGGEST NOME NUGGET WAS FOUND.
ivEiglit Is K,iglrfc on tlie Isrortlierii
ZBeetoH axica. Slxootixxg -A.££ca-y-s
Are of JFreQ/iaeio-t Occnrrence.
tain of the Elk said all he wanted was
four tons of coal. This the San Pedro re
fused to give, and when the request was
cut down to half -a ton It also was met
with a' curt refusal. The Elk then decided
to sail In. and five days later made Dutch
Harbor. When the San Pedro made Una-
THE HEROINE
OF THE
GOLDFIELDS
Of? RS. HARRY- CLARK w»a the
/'Vyy. ' heroine of -> Nome and 'the &a-
J^ ft Jacent"^* g-old fields v when the
''ZealandJa/ wasv there. ' She
stood xaard over her hus
band's town lotj*> while he was working
his beach claims and when .provisions
ran short Ihe made -trips "of 190 miles
alone to brins) back^ supplies. , : Mrs.
Clark Is \ the ; wife* of -Harry Clark, the
former swimming? - Instructor of ¦ the
Olympic anU ; Blater-ln-law of. Dr. 1
"\Vaverly~- Clark ;1 of f . the; Zealandla, She
aiid her huEbandlhave a host oi friends
In" San Franclßco. and the news of her
adventures will 'come as a surprise to
them.' : ¦•
"Might Is light.* < in Nome at the
present time and whatever n man holds
he has 'to "defend. -Harry. Clark owns
some valuable , lots In Any.'l City and
manj a, time*-,; Mrs. , Clark haß had. to
drlv» would-be' equatters away at the
point of : a. slaitffun. , During the win
ter the stock." of provisions ran very
low at "Nome and It became a question
of either*. Clark or his' 'wife going to
Norton Bay for a fresh supply. Mrs.
Clark decided her husband would
make a better" guard than she, so she
hanjessed th*.'dcgs. to' the sled and
drove alone ever .190. miles of Ice and
snow ' to- Xorton Bay. ' There she se
cured her. supplies and then drove home
again. .Three times during: the winter
she made the .trip and on each occa
sion brought home a string of ptarmi
gan which she had brought down With
her shotgun. Every night she made
her camp, in the snow and with her
dogn curled up around her slept with
out thought of danger. The accompany
ing cut ; shows; Mr. and Mrs. Clark at
work onf their, claim behind their cabin.
The •• largest -. nugget found in Nome
cu_;e out •of that hole and Dr. Wa
verly Clark bßjught it down with him
as a souvenir. • *'•'-.
Tales of isJlar^relo-ULS Finds in
tlx© To^lsi-ulIs: Siszt-y-
IMliles Scru-ttL of ±lolg Capa
ZEALANDIA BRINGS FIRST NEWS
OF CAPE NOME GOLD HUNTERS
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JUNE 30, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-KO. 30.
PRICE FIVE GENTS.
The San Francisco Call.DELEGATES OFF FOR KANSAS CITY.
THE SAN FiRAOSfGISCO CAUL, SATURDAY, JTJISrE 30^ 1900.
mole and received a Cordial welcome.
Little time was lost in getting the ban
ners, the baggage . and the outgoing
statesmen aboard the train. A streamer
running lengthwise of a Pullman coach
of the limited bore this inscription In big
plain letters: ' "California Delegation to
Democratic National Convention. ' A pic
ture representing Bryan with his mouth
closed indicated that the artist was
gifted with rare powers of imagination.
WILLIAMS DENOUNCES
HILL'S CANDIDACY
Favors Towne for Vies
Presidency.
Massachusetts Democratic • Leader
KANSAS CITY, June 29.— George Fred
Williams, member of the national com
mittee and delegate to the Democratic
convention from Massachusetts, arrived In
Kansas City to-day. Mr. Williams has
been among those mentioned as a pos
sible Vice? Presidential candidate, but he
says that having pronounced^views and
not being afraid to express them makes it
impossible for him to be considered in this
connection. He is by far the most breezy
and unreserved man that has yet appeared
here and he talks on every phase of the
situation, without, however, committing
himself or the New England delegates
upon the Vice Presidential situation, save
to say that he believes that Towne would
be the strongest man that could be named
with Bryan. Mr. Williams talked about
ex-Senator Hill in a manner to indicate
his entire disapprobation of that gentle
man.
"What is Hill coming for?" he asked
and answered the query: "For the sole and
avowed purpose of trying to secure a
modification of the platform of 1896. He
ought to be here in sackcloth and ashes,
instead of trying to tell us what we should
do. New York as well as Hill remained
silent in the Chicago convention after the
majority had declared Its will on'the plat
form. Now he comes here to say, 'I'll
help you if you do as I say.v if we win
he will say. 'I helped you.' If we lose he
will say. 'I told you what to do and you
see the result." I don't like that attitude.
Croker and Murphy come here In a dif
ferent spirit, willing to take the platform
that is made and abide by the result. It
is likely that Hill will not be so prominent
when Croker and Murphy take charge."
Mr. Williams Is one of the men who Is
determined to work for a specific declara
tion for the ratio of 16 to 1 in the platform.
He says that there must be no deviation
from that declaration. ,
"If we were right in JS96 why should
we change 'now? To simply reaffirm the
Chicago platform Is. not sufficient. Nor
would it be enough to declare. for bi
metallism. Every man '- could declare
himself a bimetallist and place a ratio at
22 to 1 or 50 to 1, to suit his own ideas, all
of which would mean nothing., I do not
believe this convention will be satisfied
with anything but a specific 16-to-l decla
ration. The morale of the party de
mands it and If we were right when we
polled six and a a half millions of votes
we will be right In making the declaration
anew. Mr. Bryan could not honorably
stand upon a platform that even by im
plication abandoned' the great Issue on
which the former campaign was fought.
We cannot write ourselves down as hay-
ing been jackasses or knaves In 1596 by
leaving out the ratio declaration."
Along this vein did Mr. Williams discuss
the issue and presently he turned his at
tention to Grover Cleveland, who he de
nounced for throwing the weight of the
Democratic administration against the
party four years ago. - ¦
"To make concessions now." he said,
"would mean that Cleveland was right
and the greatest American In the Demo
cratic party. Ido not believe this con
vention will do it and when the delegates
arrive it will be found that the movement
is not popular; The men behind this
movement are thope who want to place
the Democratic party and Mr. Bryan in a
vacillating position like the present admin
istration. They want to place Bryan on
a par with McKinley and I say the Kan
sas City convention will not do anything
of that kind."
TO MAKE IMPERIALISM
THE PREDOMINANT ISSUE
Silver Eepuhlican Leader Says Free
Coinage Will Be Placed in the
Background.
KANSAS CITY, June 29.— General E. S.
Corser, secretary of the Silver Repub
lican National Committee, gave out a
statement to-day in regard to the prob
able action of the Sliver Republican Con
vention, and. Incidentally, a prophecy of
the lines on which the coming campafgn
will be fought. He believes that the is
sue of free silver at 16 to 1 will be and
ought to be subordinated to the more
pressing question of imperialism or anti
imperialism. .
"There Is not the slightest danger,"
General Corser said, "that the free sil
ver issue will be discredited. We stand
on that just a? we did in ISP6. But all
Intelligent blmetallists are agreed that It
cannot be made the great absorbing ques
tion In this campaign because, the legisla
tion of the last Congress has placed it
beyond immediate settlement. On the
other hand the question of a republic or
an empire Is one which is to be settled
at oneo — now and" forever. Four/ more
years of McKinley and ' Hanna .would
place that, too, beyond the power/of th&
Democratic party to settle. The silver
question is a great question, but is one
which the future can settle. If In the
next four years the gold standard proves
a good thing we don't want a change,
but If. as we believe, it will prove a bad
thing It will prove its own, undoing an*
will demand a change.
"Mr. Bryan's declaration that there are
three great issues in this campaign— free
silver, imperialism and the trusts — is em
inently correct, but of necessity one of
the three will take pre-emlnance and that
will be imperialism."
Charles A. Towne will arrive to-morrow
and In conference with General Corser
and members of the committee will com
plete the preliminary arrangements for
the Silver Republican Convention.
Boomers of. Sulzer and Towne Are
Making the Most Noise
Thus Far.
KANSAS CITY, June 29.— The "running
mate" problem Is as conspicuous as It was
at Philadelphia, and at this distance the
guessing is fully as indiscriminate. There
are plenty of candidates, men who want
the honor, and one does not hear so much
about declinations as- there was among
the Republicans. The aggressive men are
Sulzer of New York and Towne of Minne
sota, while the names In the background
form: a basis of speculation, there being
such merr as Benjamin F. Shiveley of In
diana- and Judge a." B. Parker of New
York, who- are considered as available.
The belief Is general that some kind of an
indorsement from Colonel Bryan would be
sufficient to name the candidate, but it
¦will be a bold man who will dare to pro
claim that any one particular candidate
Is the*. choice of the man already deter
mined upon for President.
There are not enough delegates here to
give even an intimation of what is likely
to occur. Dispatches received here from
different sections Indicate that the dele
gates who have been sounded on the ques
tion have not yet made up their minds, or
they do not care to express a preference
for any candidate. There Is an impression
that the good politics of the 'situation
would mean the selection of a man from
New York, and If a satisfactory candidate
cannot be found there the next best thing
to do would be to go to Indiana.
Western Democrats would be glad to
have an Eastern man named who would
add strength to the ticket in that section.
Both New York and Indiana are consid
ered battlegrounds. Both were carried for
McKinley in IS9G, but the confidence of the
Democrats in their ability to reverse the
vote In Indiana and the strong hopes they
entertain of carrying New York are inter
esting features of the situation here. It
is because of this condition that^he Dem
ocrats talk of a Vice Presidential candi
date from one of those States. There will
have to be more delegates In the city and
something like an alignment of forces for
and against certain candidates for Vice
President before even guesses can be made
with any degree of Intelligence.
If Mr. Sulzer of New York be not nom
inated for Vice President it will not be on
account of any lack of booming on the
part of his friends who are here. The
managers, with B. D. (TTJonnell at their
head, are losing no opportunity of mak
ing known the fact that Mr. Sulzer Is not
only in the race, but that he will win if he
can. Badges beating the wqrdp "Bryan
and Sulzer and Victory." with portraits of
the men.' are being distributed to all who
¦will wear them, while another method of
campaign has been adopted in spreading
broadcast a small handbill. This docu-
PLENTY OF CANDIDATES
FOR VICE PRESIDENCY
ment contains only a few words, and
quotes a speech made by Champ Clark In
the House of Representatives, in which
the Missouri man said:
"In this distinguished presence I nom
inate for Vice President William Sulzer
of New York, who is faithful to the cause
at all times, in all places and under all
circumstances. I honor Mr. Sulzer for; his
courage, his honesty and his fidelity ex
hibited amid environments which would
discourage, dishearten and appall a more
timid man."
vAn interview with Mr. Sulzer, tele
graphed from Lincoln and published here,
quotes him as saying that he stood with
Bryan on the Boer question and every
other question. He also declared that the
New York delegation would do whatever
was best for the party, and if the con
vention wanted 16 to i the delegation
would not oppose it.
FAVORS AN EVASION
OF THE SILVER ISSUE
Chairman Jones Declares a Specific
Sixteen-to-One Declaration
Unnecessary.
KANSAS CITY. June 2J».— Senator Jones
of Arkansas, chairman of the Democratic
National Committee, arrived in Kansas
City to-night and in a brief interview
stated that he did not think a specific 16
to 1 silver declaration was necessary if
the Chicago platform were adopted. He
was asked the direct question If a specific
declaration would be made If the Chicago
platform were adopted, and' replied with
a question:
"Would not the reafflrmation of the Chi
cago platform be a declaration in favor
of 16 to 1? I think It would be."
He then added, with deliberation: "I
don't think anything will be adopted by
the eonvetnlon that will be a deviation bo
much as the breadth of a hair from the
principles laid down in the Chicago plat
form. A reaffirmation of that platform
will mean the adoption of every word and
letter In It, including tne 16 to 1 declara
tion. I don't believe that a reiteration of
that plank, or any other. Is necessary to
make plain our position. If it is necessary
to restate the 16 to 1 provision it would be
equally necessary to restate that relating
to the Supreme Court, government by in
junction, the revenue tax and every other
provision, for if we should single gut one
provision only and specify it, there might
be a claim that we did not mean to indorse
the other features in reaffirming the Chi
cago platform. If the convention readopts
the Chicago platform it will mean that
every syllable is adopted. I don't kno\^
just what form the indorsement will take,
but It will mean everything It says."
Just at this point some one broke in with
a question as to whether or not persons
who did not support the Chicago platform
could support the Kansas City platform
if It should reaffirm the former.
"I'm not- the keeper of the consciences
of such people and cannot tell what they
can do," replied Senator Jones. \
The Senator said he did not know
whether Mr. Bryan was coming to Kan
sas City, and he did not expect to go to
Lincoln for the present. When asked con
cerning the Vice Presidency, he replied
that he did not know -who would be nom
inated and had no intimation as' to the
favorite. The matter of temporary- chair
man would, he said, be considered at the
meeting of the committee. To a question
concerning the chairmanship of the na
tional committee he returned an answer
indicating that he did not wish to discuss
the matter.
Ex-Senator Fred T. Dubols of Idaho and
ex-Representative Charles S. Hartman of
Montana arrived to-night and joined the
silver Republican and Populist boomers,
who are urging C. A. Towne for Vice
President.
Officers of the Convention.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. June 29.—The.se
lection of presiding officers of the "con
vention has not yet been determined. The
National Committee will prepare the
name of the temporary chairman, who
will no doubt be indorsed by the conven
tion. So far as possible the committee
will also arrange for the permanent chair
man,-and available' men for that place
will be canvassed at the first meeting.
Mayor D. A. Rose of Milwaukee and
Charles S. ¦ Thomas of Colorado have been
suggested for temporary chairman, and it
is expected that one of them will be
chosen.' Representative James D. Rich
ardson of Tennessee has been suggested
for permanent chairman. Mr. Richard
son acted as permanent chairman during
a portion of the Chicago convention, when
Senator White's voice failed.
White's Departure Belayed.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES. June 29.— Former Sena
tor Stephen M. White, "a delegate to the
National Democratic Convention, owing to
press of business, did not leave for San
Francisco to Join the party, as at first
contemplated. White" will leave by the;
Santa. Fe ' to-morrow, with Mrs. White.
accompanied by James Keneally, assist
ant secretary of the delegation. White,
who\ favors Hil! for Vice* President, will
make the first seconding speech after
Bryan's nomination.
Hill Starts for Kansas City.
ALBANY. N. V.. June 29.— Former Sen
ator David B. Hm left this afternoon for
Kan?as City. Hp expects to reach his
destination Sunday morning.
SULZER AND LEWIS
CALL UPON BRYAN
Vie With One Another in Endeavor-
ing to Enlist the Nebraskan's
Support.
Special Dispatch to' The Call.
LINCOLN, Nebr., June 20.— Nebraska
Democrats close to Bryan place no cre
dence In press telegrams sent from this
city last night to the effect- that Bryan
had announced finally he would not go to
Kansas City. Chairman Hall of the Dem
ocratic State Committee said to-night:
"It Is within my personal knowledge
that Mr. Bryan made no such assertion.
He will certainly not go there before the
convention, and It Is -even his desire to
stay within the quiet wf his home; but I
have every reason to believe if the con
vention, after he be nominated, send word
that hi» presence is desirable In Kan«aj
City he will bow to Its will."
Chairman Hall speaks the sentiments of
other Democratic leaders In the Mate.
Among these are several who have gone
about privately arranging for a special
train to be engaged here at short notice
to carry the Democratic leader to Kansas
City if he be expected to address the con
vention.
The feature of Bryan's afternoon was a
visit from a delegation representing 'the
Bryan Traveling Men's Club of Lincoln.
The delegation presented him with a fe
dora hat and a silk umbrella and assured
him the club would, be represented in the
parade at Kansas City by k 2ZO uniformed
members.
Two accredited aspirants for the Demo
cratic Vice Presidential nomination—Con
gressman Wiliam Sulzer of New York and
ex-Congressman J. Hamilton Lewis of
Washington— vied with each other to-day
at winning the favor of William J. Bryan,
at whose home both were guests. Sulzer
arrived early this morning In company
with Editor Fiegel of the Tammany Times.
An hour's conference followed at Bryan's
home, but at its conclusion neither gentle
man would discuss what passed between
them. The Washington man came to the
ctty later. He had no trouble In obtaining
a conference with the Democratic leader,
but its result is surrounded by as much
doubt as that of Sulzer. Bryan was
painfully silent when approached on the
subject, but friends rieclare neither the
New Yorker nor the Washington gentle
man secured any semblance of a pledge
of the Nebraskan's aid at Kansas City
Bryan, they say, has absolutely kept aloof
from the Vice Pfesidency question and
will maintain his determination.
This afternoon Bryan took his guest 3.
accompanied by a squad of Kastern news
paper correspondents who came during
the day, out to his farm. Here he display
ed recently harvested wheat, growing
corn, oats and garden truck and chickens
Richard Croker and ex-Senator Edward
Murphy are expected to arrive to-morrow
to confer with Bryan, although no definite
announcement has come from the New
Yorkers that they are actually comln? to
Lincoln. Bryan himself, knows nothing
further on the subject than what has been
stated by press dispatches.
An Incident of Sulzer's trip from. New
York was the painful smashing: of his
right thumb, the result of a sudden de
scent of a car window. He had the thumb
dressed immediately after arriving here.
the surgeon stating, however, that fur
ther"* delaying of medical attention tnlg^.t
have caused tetanus. Sulzer will continue
his Journey to Kansas City to-morrow,
but the injured thumb will compel him to
taboo handshaking in furthering bis
boom.
Plans of the Silver Republicans.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. June 25.— The pro
gramme of the Silver Republicans will be
mapped out to-morrow, when Chairman
Towne of their National Committee ar
rix-es. It is expected that Senator Teller
of Colorado will be temporary chairman,
and that L. W. Brown of Onto will be
permanent chairman. Bryan will be nom
inated for President on the day he l»
nominated by the Democrats. The Silver
Republicans would like to name Towne
for Vice President, but if tho Democratic
convention should choose another candi
date it is quite possible that the choice
win be ratified by the Silver Republicans.
Montana's Rival Delegations.
HELENA. Mont.. June 29.— The anti-
Clark delegates to Kansas City left for
the south to-day. Tfce Clark delegation
will* leave Butte to-morrow on a special
train provided by Clark.- Both delega
tions feel confident they will be seated.
The band played the "Star Spanglea
Banner" as the train moved out. and the
throng cheered the delegate 3. Supervisor
Braunhart gazed with admiration akin
to fondness at the receding figure of tn«»
Mayor. The Iroquois braves betrayed no
snuawlike attributes in the leave taking.
No tears were shed at the sight of
Phelan"s departure. Gavin McN'ab. the
guiding genius of the party In this State,
did not attend the function.
needless to cay.that they will be of value. One of the-ablest of all the special
representatives of this' papor. will be ex-United States Senator Stephen M. White
of California. ; Air. .White's comprehensive knowledge of national' affairs and his
acquaintance .with the policy of the political party of which he is so distinguished
a member make it certain that his impressions. of the" convention will be timely
and judicious. ,g£Bgssaagaaw&satijWfla&&g*^^ .
0. H. -P. Belmont, who occupies a position of unquestioned prominence in the
: politics of New York, arid who has identified himself intimately with the inter
ests of William J. Bryan, ¦"will Iwnte a dally criticism of ; hia. views 'of the conven
tion and Its results. C. C. Canton, the New York correspondent of The Call, and
v Morton\E.7 Crane, 1 the Washington repiesentfitlve'of ;thls , paper, will- complete a
staff of special writers who i will be without eaual in the field in "which they work.
CALL has made special preparations to Insure' that . its "reports of tbe
I proceedings of the National Democratic Convention shall equal -If not- ex-
H eel the splendid news service of this paper in connection with -the Republi
can National Convention. Reports and criticisms will be received not only
'from the regular representatives of The Call, the Now Vorlt' Herald ami. the
Associated Press trtit- from some ,of th«* shrewdest and ablest Democratic states
men In the United State?.. Thiv will Insure a news service of incomparable.valu^.
Among the contributors will be Amis J. Cummfng, the brilliant <:x-Congxess«
man of New York, whose ability with the pen' and thorough familiarity with ria
tlcnal political affairs guarantee that h:s observations- will be ; well ; worth _ read
ing. United States Senator James K. Jones, chairman, of the Democratic 'Na
"tional Committee, •will also contribute his impressions to The* Call.Vand it-is
FOUR MEN WHO HAVE NATIONAL REPUTATIONS AS STATESMEN OR POLI TICIANS:
CELEBRATED DEMOCRATS TO WRITE
CONVENTION NEWS FOR THE CALL.
Braves Will Hold Two Ratification
Meetings to Celebrate Kansas
CityH-sults.
The braves of the Irbquois Democratic
Clob escorted the California delegation
en route to Kansas City to the Oakland
mole yesterday morning. As the train
pulled out the club was presented with an
American flag. Last night the club held
its regular weekly meeting and discussed
much important business. President Wil
liam McMann presided. The essays which
*t he member? had prepared on the "Prin
ciples of . the Democratic Party" were
handed in to the secretary and will be
turned over for judgment to the following
literary committee: Charles nildea. Rob
ert Day. W. M. Cuhpry. W. M. Cannon.
A. Jacobs. A. D. Lemon and C. W. Moores.
The results will probably be announced
next week.
A lively debate ensued when Chairman
W. H. Alford of the joint State and Cuun
ty Committee af=ke-d the ratification com
mittee of the Iroquois to postpone their
meeting, set for Wednesday, July 6. to
Saturday. July 7. He said ji- was absurd
to hold a ratification meeting on the night
of tbe first day of the convention, as the
candidates would not probably he nom
inated till the second session. After much
argument the club decided to hold two
meetings — one on Wednesday on their own
account and another on Saturday in con
junction with the Stat" and County Dem
ocratf. Metropolitan Temple is selected as
the place where both meetings will be
held.
A vote of thanks was tendered to W.
M. Cubery. who distributed copies of the
iJeolaration of Independence to the dele
pates. Judge W. M. Gibson of Stockton
addressed the meeting, as did Ralph Hoyt
cf Los Angeles. Both speakers were well
received and delivered eulogies on the
boy orator.
Fr»cial Dispatch to The Call
DEMOCRATIC DELEGATES
SPEEDING EASTWARD
SACRAMENTO. June 2T-.— The dele
paten from California and the Hawaiian
Islands to the Democratic National Con
vention, which mpptg on the Fourth of
July in Kansas City, passed through this
rity at 12:50 o'clock to-day on the over
land flyfr. They traveled in a Pullman
coach, on both sides of which hung- por
traits of William Jennings Bryan. The
delegate? were met at the depot by a
large delegation of Democrats from this
efjy and the Iroquois Club. The party
was joined in this city by D. W. Car
michael and J. N. Woods, delegates from
th*> Second Congressional District. Th»
delegate* \v*rr given an enthusiastic re
ception while the train remained in the
depot. As it started on its way East
the crowd in the depot *gave the "delega
tion a rousing send oft*. Among those in
the train were: James D. Phelan. Mayor
of Ban Francisco; Judge James G. Ma
guire of San Francisco. Charles Edelmaii,
Ex-Senator R. F. Del Valle of Los An.
jrelee. M. F. Tarpey of Alameda, and J.
H. Henry of San Jose.
WADSWORTH. New, June 23.— But lit
tle politics Is being done among the dele
gates. Timothy Mcc of the Rio Grande
Railway accompanies the party and does
his utmost for the comfort of every one.
The Hawaiian delegation and some Silver
Republicans are on the train. The
latter wear a badge with the word "sil
ver", on a separate piece which can be
torn' off so a? to read "Lincoln Repub
lican." They predict there will be no
silver plank in their platform. James
K«»ys joined at Suisun. where a. special
Flop was made for him. His constitu
ent* pave him a rousing send-off with
cheers for Keys and Bryan. Ho brought
a pnerous contribution of SoLano fruit.
J. K. Wood* of Stockton and D. W. Car
michael joined at Sacramento, receiving
an ovation. Maury Hims an,d W. H. Den
man are making a fight for Jasper Mc-
Donald for commltteeman. < The matter
of Vice President has been discussed. The
general opinion is thus summarized b>
Judge Maguire: "While thp delegates
now have strong personal preferences for
Vice President the nomination will not be
made on persona! grounds, but on th%
broad considerations of expediency. I be
lieve that the Vice Presidency will be
t>ven to New York, probably to some
JVadlnß Democrat whose name has not
yet been mentioned."
TALK OF NOMINATING
BRYAN ON THE FOURTH
Propositlon That Does Not Meet With
Favor by Many, of the
Delegates.
. ICANSAS CITT. M0.. -June 29.— A story
has .been in circulation indicating that
plans have already been perfected to
rjominate Bryan on July 4. even Jf the
other business of the convention, such
as permanent organization, report of the
committee on credentials and even the
platform should have to be postponed.
I"he few delegates now here do not take
«indly to the suKjeestlon and say that the
ronvention should proceed in the 'usua!
srder. While there is a sentiment in mak-
IROQUOIS PREPARES
TO INDORSE BRYAN
ing the nomination on the Fourth it is
thought -it would be. carrying sentiment
too far. There are a number of contests
which must be decided and it will not be
poFFible to settle on the platform without
some consideration. It would be decidedly
unusunl to make the Presidential nomina
tion the day the convention met and It
might result in scattering the delegates
and crowds, who would not care to remain
after the Presidential nomination was
made.
' The most elaborate decorations for State
headquarters that have been seen at any
convention are being fitted t:p for . Kan
sas. The Stote has secured a very large
building on Baltimore avenue and the
whole floor is being gorgeously decorated
with bunting, flags, etc. There are many
pictures of Colonel Bryan, hut one in par
ticular attracted the eye of every citizen,
being twelve feet square,. with the Amer
ican flag in an upper corner, a tweniy
dollar. gold piece on the lower corner and
a silver dollar opposite. The Kansas men
intend to keep open house all the time.
SAM JONES' VIEW 0F
Political situation
Says Senator Hanna Will "Run Rings
Around" the democratic
. " Chairman. -
KANSAS CITY. June 29.— The Rev. Sam
Jones of Atlanta i<= at the Coates House
to-day. This is what he said on the politi
cal situation: ' .
"When Mark Hanna opens his 'barT
and hollers 'McKinley and Prosperity' the
Democrats will be no more in it than a
pig pen in a Kansas cyclone. The differ
ence between Mark Hanna and Senator
Jones is the difference between a race
horse and a cow. Mark Hanna, you will
see, will run around and around Jones in
the race." '»<
The California delegation is expected
on Sunday and will be among the first
here. A few scattering delegates will be
in to-morrow, but no full delegations until
Surfday. E. E. Crandall of Los Angeles
is here to prepare for the Californians'
coming. He has engaged a large club
room at the Coates, where the Calif or
gans are to put up, and promises that in
this club room there will be two punch
bowls s of wine that will not be allowed
to run dry during the convention. \
The Montague will care for a delegation
of wives and daughters of members of the
Monetary League from California.
Not Authorized to Solicit.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. June 29.—Informa
tion has reached Senator Hanna.that par
ties in New York and Philadelphia are so
liciting and collecting funds for the Re
publican national campaign. Mr. Hanna
desires the Associated Press to state that
no one has been authorized by himself or
the National Committee to solicit or to
receive money for the purpose named.
THE California delegation to the Na
tional Democratic Convention start
ed for Kansas City yesterday with
a whoop for Bryan. The Hawaiian
delegates went with the Californians. The
etarters. tarring Mayor Phelan, lined \\p
in front of the Iroquois Club headquar
ters on Market street, near Fifth, and
marched to the ferry, arriving in .ample
time to board the 10 a. m. boat connecting
White started for the Missouri River
from Los- Angeles snd will probably join
¦his fellow delegates at Pueblo. Jasper
McDonald, delegate representing the
Fifth Congressional District, marched in
the procession with the Iroquois. In sev
eral respects Mr. McDonald was the most
dignified and distinguished appearing
statesman of the San Francisco contingent.
Charles Edelman. whose piopensity for
joining processions can only be restrained
by policemen with ropes, of courseu
marched near the head of the column.
District Delegates Hillyer, Henry and
Jastro lined up with th« shouting Democ
racy. "A local brass band and the Ha
waiian band supplied the music for the
event. Seth Mann, chairman of the ex
piring Democratic State Centra). Commi
ttee, walked with the braves.
Among the Democrats who went to the
Oakland mole to give the delegates a
hurrah when the train pulled out were:
Ex-Postmaster William Bryan, Charles
Glldea. Dr. Clinton. Joseph Leggett. Dep
uty Assessor Mefseges. Bernard Blenen
feld, Joseph Gorman. Oscar Hocks. Wil
liam McMann,- president of the Iroquois
Club, and Supervisors Braunhart, Dwyer,
Curtis and Connor.
Ex-State Senator R. F. Del Valle. dele^
pate from the Sixth Congressional Dis
trict, joined his fellow travelers at the
."r - ¦ .
with the limited at the Oakland"mole. "
Jamos G. Maguire and M. F. Tarpey,
delegates at large, walked down the street
with the boys, keeping step to "There
Will Be a Hot Time in the Old Town."
The Mayor, another delegate at largp,
went t«» the firry in a cable far. He was
flanked by his private Civil Service Com
miFPioner Charles W. Fay., and Chief or
Police Sullivan.
Ex-United States Senator Stephen M.
SCENES ACCOfIPANYING THE DEPARTURE OF CALIFORNIA'S REPRESENTATIVES TO THE NATIONAL CONVENTION,
2
— 1 — i ¦
Pimplfes
A, " ' *
Are' the Danger Slrnsls That Clv»
Warning of Impure Blood.
Is the Best Medicine Money Can Bugr.
They show that the vital fluid is in bad
condition and that health is In danger of
wreck. A vast majority of the most serl-
ous diseases, like scrofula, salt rheum,
sores. fcoM 9 an< * a^ eruptions exist becausa
of impurities in the blood. Hood's 3ar-
Ba parilla make? the blood pure, curea
pimples and all eruptions and gives a fair
and healthy complexion./
fiovd's Sarsapariliathe business department of the Presby
terian Board of Foreign Missions at 156
Fifth avenue. The' letter Is from Mr.
Vandenburg's brother. Dr. K. E. Vanden
burg, a medical missionary at Nodoa, in
the island of Hainan. The letter, which
was .written about the middle of May,
states' that" there was a band of robbers,
a thousand strong, in the mountains back
of Nodoa. The town Is nineteen miles
inland and without protection. The towns
people wanted the missionaries to let them
have their, guns so they, could fight the
robbers. The missionaries declined on the
ground' that the treaty ' forbade such a
course. The robbers belonged to a soci
ety known by the name of "Lol." They
are: supposed to be an offshoot of tho
Boxers. • , .
In his -letter Dr. Vandenburg says:
"Lately the thieves Just below here have
been robbing and pillaging, and they took
one bojv about 15 years old up In the hills
fifteen miles, from here and held him un
til J3OO had : been _ paid, a very large sum
" Orders were issued to-day directing the
collier Caesar to proceed to China. -She
Is loaded with coal, which will be trans
ferred to th«» vessels of * Admiral Remey's
command. Work on other colliers Is being
pushed as rapidly as possible. . .
"I don't mean to scare people," he said,
"but, lt seems to me that the powers
should without delay take possession of
the "Woo Sung forts and U>e warships be
longing to China lying in the harbor. The
Woo Sung forts are five miles below
Shanghai.' and if 4t becomes necessary to
drive their garrison out the Chinese sol
diers will retreat through the city, mur
dering and looting foreigners. You per
haps have noticed that natives are leaving
Shanghai in large numbers, and this is a
pretty good indication of what may hap
pen. - During the Franco-Chinese war,
though the French did not attack the Woo
Sung forts, it was expected they would do
so, and every night our men-of-war were
prepared to defend the American settle
ment in case of attack by the Chinese.".
A naval- officer who saw service in the
East , during the Franco-Chinese war
called attention to-day to the reports that
the Chinese are mounting additional guns
on the Woo Sung forts and are collecting
a fleet In Shanghai harbor.
Such action is necessary In view of the
Ignorance which prevails with respect to
the fate of the Ministers and to the neces
sity of relieving them without further de
lay If they are held prisoners in Peking.
If they are in the possession of the Chi
nese as hostages then the powers can only
hope to rescue them by seizing the persona
of the Empress Dowager and Emperor
and compelling them to take measures for
their relief.
There seems 10 be the greatest ignorance
in official and diplomatic circles regarding
the movement of the allied, column, and
it is not known here whether It has start
ed, though It is believed, in view of the
failure of Vice Admiral Seymour's expedi
tion, that it will proceed Immediately to
the capital.
The troops that will be "sent in future
to China will, of course, be in the nature
of reinforcements, as by the time the
American regiments arrive the allied
forces ¦will probably be well on their way
to Peking.
He will then proceed to Taku. But this Is
a question of naval detail which is causing
the authorities no concern whatever. Un
der the understanding from General Mac-
Arthur's dispatches the inexpediency of
further reducing the American force In
the Philippines, unless additional troops
are Immediately sent to replace those
withdrawn; the War Department is now
considering what troops serving in the
United States can best be spared for ser
vice either in the Philippines or China,
probably the former. Two regiments will
be relieved from service in Cuba within a
few weeks, and they will be ordered to the
United States to take the place of troops
which will be sent to the East. The
Ninth Cavalry and Fifteenth Infantry are
spoken of for service in the Philippines,
and it is also said that the artillery branch
may be drawn upon to supply troops to
act as infantry.
MINISTERS DEAD OR
HELD AS HOSTAGES
Powers May Find it Necessary to Seize the
Persons of the Empress Dowager and
Emperor — Admiral Remey to Succeed
Kempff, Whose Actions Are Not Satis-
Special Dispatch to the Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON, June 22.— Pessimism has re
placed the optimism which pre
vailed yesterday in official circles
in reference to, the foreign lega
tions in China. It is generally conceded
to-day that the - foreign Ministers are
either dead or held as hostages, though
there is one shred of hope to which the
President is clinging— that the foreigners
in Peking have been assigned to a. well
defined position inside of the forbidden
city of the capital, and the Imperial
troops are aiding the foreign guards in
protecting them. This possibility Is re
garded as a slim one, especially .in view
of the dispatch received by Minister Wu
from the Tsung-LI-Yamen stating that
they (the legations) were to leave in a
short time with their guards for Tientsin.
Dispatches from native sources are ac
cepted with reserve* by the officials in
view of the fact that they have persist
ently stated that the foreign Ministers
were with Vice Admiral Seymour's col
umn, when it is now known that the re
lieving force has heard nothing of the
Ministers or. their fate.
Notwithstanding the character of the
news received to-day from Rear Ad
miral Kempff. the President, unlike the
members of his Cabinet, has left Wash
ington, hoping that when the darkness
shrouding China lifts the Ministers and
their staffs will be found alive and well
under the protection of the Imperial Gov
ernment. The President frankly states
that he has no information upon which
to base this hope, but he cannot under
stand how 700 foreigners could be mur
dered without Information in some way
reaching the civilized world. '
Members of the Cabinet who discussed
the situation after the Cabinet meeting
expressed the greatest anxiety over tne
situation and especially over the Minis
ters. Their anxiety is due to the dlspatcn
received by Secretary Long this morn-
Ing from Rear Admiral Kempff. A dis
patch a, few days ago • from Admiral
Kempff stated: "The Peking force and
foreign Ministers are reported with thk
Peking relief expedition."
It Is no longer a secret in naval. circles
that the Navy Department is not alto,
gether satisfied with the manner in which
Admiral Kempff has been handling af
fairs, and especially in reporting details
to Washington. Though some days have,
elapsed since the casualties In Majo»*
Waller's command occurred he has falleC
to cable to Washington the names. of the
marines killed and wounded. Instru^
tions to do so were cabled htm to-day.
Why he did not participate in the bom
bardment of the Taku forts Is a ques
tion that the authorities have been ask
ing since that event occurred.
It Is understood that under the instruc
tions cabled him Rear Admiral Remey
.will upon - arriving at , Taku within the
next . ten ¦ days investigate Admiral
Kempff's conduct, and the latter will prob
ably be ordered to Manila to take charge
of affairs there. Admiral Remey.wlth the
Brooklyn will leave Hongkong to-morrow
for Nagasaki, where his flagship will coal. 1
AMONG THE MASSACRED OR CAPTIVES.
THE FRENCH MINISTER, PICHON, WITH HIS FAMILY, STAFF AND
GUARDS, IN FRONT OF THE FRENCH LEGATION AT PEKING.
(From Le Monde Illustre.)
LOSSES SUSTAINED
BY SEYMOUR'S FORCE
LONDON, June 23.— 1n the House of
secretaries of the Presbyterian board, to
day sent the following cable to Rev. W.
0. Elterich. secretary of the mission at
Chefu: "Spare no expense to save Pres
byterian missionaries."
Dr, Brown also cabled Rev. George F.
Fitch at Shanghai as follows: "O/der
Killing missionaries to port. Cable par
ticulars. Where is Morris?"
Kuling Is a mountain town, forty-flve
miles up the Yangtse River and fifteen
miles from the river. The steamers on
the Yangtse are run by foreigners, but
there are Chinese forts all along the
river, and If trouble should extend down
to that region the missionaries at Kuling
would be cut off from the civilized world
entirely. The Morris referred to is Rev.
Dr. Morris. He Is supposed to be at
Kuling. as are two medical missionaries.
Drs. Samuel Cochran and H. W. Boyd.
Mrs. Cochran and Mrs. l#oyd were also
there at last accounts.
for these people. The Christians in a vil
lage called Siak Bay. not far below here,
have been here with tears in their eyes to
send them rifles, but as it is against the.
treaty I believe we will have to refuse
them. The people 'have built a square
fort, two stories, of mud bricks, so as to
be able to. keep thieves away from their
gates."
Rev. Dr. Arthur J. Brown, one of the
Commons to-day the Parliamentary Secre
tary of the Foreign Office. William St.
John Broderlck. announced that the Brit
ish losses with Vice Admiral Seymour's
force, which with the rest of the relief
force had returned to Tientsin on June 26.
were: Killed. Captain Herbert "W. H.
Beyts (Royal Marines) and twenty-four
men; wounded, seven officers and ninety
one men.
Mr. Broderlck added that the returns of
the foreign casualties were Incomplete,
but the total was supposed to be sixty
two men killed and 212 men wounded.
In conclusion Broderlck said that the
most recent reports which had reached the
Government pointed to the legatlonera be
ing still at Peking.
MINISTERS STILL MISSING.
BERLIN. June 29. — The German Consul
at Chefu telegraphs ender date of Juno
2S that nothing la known concerning tha
foreign Ministers. He adds that the rail
road between Taku and Tientsin was still
threatened and that the bombardment of
Tientsin on the west continues, though
the Chinese shells explode badly. It waa
also said that three residents had, been
killed or wounded.
«
LEGATIONS AT PEKING.
LONDON, June 29.— The British Consul
at Chefu wires the Foreign Office to-day
that a message from Pe*lng to the Taotai
of Customs at Tientsin says the foreign
legations are still at Peking.
NO TIDINGS FROM THE DIPLOMATS IN CHINA
Ministers Who Were in Peking at
the Outbreak of Boxer Troubles
Are Not With Seymour's Force,
and It Is the Opinion in "Wash
ington That /They. Have Been
Killed or Held as Hostages.
From Mongol Sources Reports Continue to Come
That the Foreigners Are Safe, but the Worst
Fears Are Entertained — Admiral Seymour
Sends a Thrilling Story of His Battles With
Celestials and a Long List of Casualties in
the Allied Forces.
LONDON, June 30, 4 a.m. — Vice Admiral Seymour sends the following list of his casu
alties uo to date: •
British — Killed 27, wounded 75.
Austrian — Killed 1, wounded 1.
French — Killed 1, wounded 10.
Italian — Killed 5, wounded 3.
American — Killed 4, wounded 25.
Japanese — Killed 2, wounded 3.
Russian — Killed 10, wounded 27.
Germans— Killed 12, wounded 62.
WASHINGTON, June 29. — The Ivavy Department this morning received the following
cablegram from Admiral Kempff:
"CHEFU, June 29. — Secretary of the Navy: Peking relief expedition now in Tientsin with
200 sick and wounded. Ministers and Peking party not with them. No news from them."
LOXDOX. June 30, 4a. m.— There is absolutely no authentic word as to the whereabouts of the members of the le
gation, although abundant reports from Chinese sources say that they wtre safe a few days ago. The Daily Mall's
Shanghai correspondent, telegraphing yesterday, says:
"An imperial decree has been sent to all the Viceroys advising them that the foreign Ministers were safo
In Peking on Jure 23 and affirmh.g that the Government would protect them. That is authentic and reliable. I
received it through a high Chinese official having means of communication from the capital to Shanghai by courier to
Pao Tir.g Fu and thence by telegraph. There is no doubt that the Chinese Government fully recognizes what the safety
of the Ministers Impjies at the present time and for this reason there is less uneasiness about them."
The Shanghai correspondent of the Daily Express, under yesterday's date, says:
"Chinese officials declare that they have imperial authority for stating that the foreign Ministers left Peking for Tien
tsin, via Pao Ting Fu. on June 26. They had passports and were escorted by a strong body of Chinese troops. It is
Impossible to verify this statement and the Consuls here are not disposed t,o place much faith In It. Jung Lv, former
generalissimo of the Chinese forces, who was dismissed by the Empress Dowager when she designated Pu Chun as
heir apparent to the throne, has promulgated an order to all Viceroys and Governors not to obey imperial edicts is
sued since June 16. This is interpreted to mean another coup d'etat is foreshadowed, and it is believed that a new Em
peror will be proclaimed."
The Canton correspondent of the Daily Telegraph, in a dispatch dated Thursday, says:
"The unexpected arrival of an edict late last night from the Emperor and Empress Dowager the de
parture of Li Hung Chang northward on the United States steamer Brooklyn. Arrangements for his sailing had been
quietly completed by United States Consul Robert M. Me Wade and Commander McLean of the Don Juan de Austria
The possibility of a rebellion in Canton and the imperative necessity of the organization of a properly armed and re
liable corps of 10.000 men are among the chief reasons for the edict detaining Earl Li. One hundred and thirty pirates anu
Boxers were t-eheaded yesterday by Lis order to terrorize law-breakers. The United States steamer Princeton has been
ordered to Canton."
A dispatch from Shanghai of yesterday's date says the position at Chung Kfng is very critical and that the steamer
Pioneer has been, detained.
The adventures of the hard fighting allies under Admiral Seymour— their reaching Anting, twelve miles from Peking,
the decision to retreat, the capture of rice and immp^se stores of modern arms and ammunition, affording material for a
strenuous defense until relieved— all this told in a dispatch from Admiral Seymour received by the Admiralty at midnight,
which rur.F as follows:
"TIENTSIN, June 27 (via Chefu, June 23, 10:05 p. m.)— Have returned to Tientsin with the forces, having been un
able to reach Peking- by rail. On June 13 two attacks on the advance guard were made by the Boxers, who were repulsed
with considerable loss to them and none on our side. On June 14 the Boxers attacked the train at Lang Yang in largo
numbers and with great determination. We repulsed them with a loss of about 100 killed. Our loss was seven Italians.
The same afternoon the Boxers attacked the British guard left to protect Lofa station. Reinforcements were sent
Lack and the enemy were driven off with 100 killed. Two of our seamen were wounded.
"IVe pushed forward to Anting- and enpaped the enemy on June 13 and June 14. inflicting a loss of 175. There were
no casualties on our side. Extensive destruction of the railway in our front having made further advance by rail,lm
possible I decided on June 16 to return to Yang Tsun, where It was proposed to organize an advance by the river to
Peking. After my departure from La.ng Yang two trains left to follow on were attacked on June lSbv Boxers and
Imperial troops from Peking, who lost from 400 to 500 killed. Our casualties wore six killed and forty-eight wounded.
These trains joined me at Yang Tsun the same evening. The railway at Yang Tsun was found entirely demolished and
the trains could not be moved. The force being short of provisions and hampered with wounded compelled us to with
draw on Tientsin, ¦with which we had not been in communication for six days and our supplies had been cut oft.
"On June 19 the wounded, with necessaries, started by boat, the forces marching alongside the river. Opposition was
experienced during the whole course of the river from nearly every village, the Boxers, when defeated in one village re
tiring to the next, and skillfully retarding our advance by occupying well selected positions from which they had to be
forced, often at the point of the bayonet and in the face of a galling fire difficult to locate. . '
"On June 23 we made a night march, arriving at daybreak opposite the Imperial armory above Tientsin, wjiere
after friendly advances, a treacherous heavy fire was opened while our men were exposed on the opposite river bank The
enemy were kept in check by rifle fire in front while their position was turned by a party of marines and seamen un
der Major Johnson, who rushed and occupied one of the salient points, seizing the guns. The Germans, lower down
silenced two guns and then crossed the river and captured them. The armory was next occupied by the combined forces
Determined attempts to retake the armory were made on the following day. but unsuccessfully. We found Immense
stores of guns, arms and ammunition of the latert pattern. Several guns were mounted in our defense and shelled the
Chinese forts lower down. Having found ammunition and rice, we could have held out for some days, but being hampered
with large numbers of wounded I sent to Tientsin for a relieving force, which arrived on the morning of June 25. The
armory was evacuated and the forces arrived at Tientsin on June 26. We burned the armory."
JAPAN IS MOBILIZING A
BIG NAVAL FORCE AT TAKU
Powers Interested in China Still Acting in
Harmony, but Appear to Be Taking No
Chances — Ministers of the Celestial Empire
May Receive Their Passports.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
WASHINGTON. June 29.— The State De
partment also was made acquainted with
the terms of the agreement between the
Consuls and the Viceroys looking to the
protection of foreign interests ; in the
southern provinces in China. The first
step to this end, was indicated in Secre
tary Hay's cablegram of last Wednesday
to the American Consuls In China, au
thorizing them to take direct action in
stead of waiting on ¦ possible communica
tions with Minister Conger. .'Thus'author
ized Consul General Goodnow at Shanghai
and probably eeverar others in the south
PARIS, June 29.— 1t was announced to
day, that the Chinese legation here had
communicated to the French Government
the text, of a document cabled ly the
Viceroys of. Nankin and Hankow. June 27,
which is an agreement between the Vice
roys and Consuls at ' Shanghai, whereby,
subject to certain conditions, the Viceroys
undertake to protect the missionaries and
foreign merchants In South and East
China. The document, which was sent for
ratification by 11. Delcasse, consists of
nine articles.
VICEROYS UNDERTAKE
TO PROTECT MISSIONARIES
knew, is it the intention of any power to
precipitate a discussion of the final solu
tion of the Chinese question until the
fate of the foreign legations is finally es
tablished. China undoubtedly will be com
pelled,to pay heavy Indemnity, especially
if the Ministers have been murdered, and
appreciating this fact the Tsung-11 Yamen,
according to the notion of the official,
would take care to see that they were
provided with all necessary protection. It
seems to be the settled belief of the au
thorities that the rule of the Empress
Dowager must be brought- to a close, and
It -Is expected that as soon as Peking is
captured the powers will take measures
for substituting a modern government for
that which now exists.
stand that if he could have prevented the
outbreak which has occurred he would
certainlyhave done so. There Is no dis
position to impeach the Minister's veracity
on account of the fact that he has sup
plied the Department -of State with dis
patchrs from Chinese officials stating that
the Ministers were safe with the column
under the command of Vice Admiral Sey
mour. It is appreciated that the Minister
can only furnish to Secretary Hay dis
patches he received, though it is' now ap
parent they must have been based upon
misinformation.
Minister Wu cannot understand how
there can be such a discrepancy between
the dispatches he received and those sent
by Rear Admiral Kempff. He is satisfied
there is a mistake somewhere. At the
fame time he remains confident that the
Ministers are safe.
Careful inquiry made in official and dip
lomatic circles to-day fails to elicit any
information confirmatory of a report from
Paris that the powers have reached an
agreement in respect to China for the
maintenance of the status quo as regard*
spheres of influence and commercial
agreements and also respecting the nature
cf guarantees and compensations which
will be demanded from China. The Parl3
dispatch also stated that the agreement
fixed the International army of occupa
tion at 80.000 men, of which the United
States will supply 5(O0. It is said upon
authority tha,t absolutely no negotiations
of the kind have been participated in by
the United States. , It is conceded that
there may have been some exchange of.
notes on the part of European powers
which have not yet been brought to the
attention of this Government, but this
is not thought likely. None of the em
bassy appears to be Informed of the
agreement and diplomats accept it with
sreat reserve.
An official who discussed ' the interna
tional phase of the Chinese situation said
that the only propositions thus far dis
cussed relate to the protection of foreign '
life and property. It Is not the intention
o* the United States, nor, so far as he
It is the expectation of high officials
that if the foreign Ministers have been
kilted or are held as hostages the
powers will deem it wise to hand the
Chinese representatives accredited to
them their passports. There Is no difpo-
Fltion to act hastily. Minister Wu Ting
Fang, v.-ho is accredited to the United
States, .is held in high esteem at Wash
ington, and .the authorities fully under-
Rursia has protested with every evi
dence of sincerity that as soon as the
trouble In China is at an end she will
withdraw her troops.
It may be. however.' that Japan deems
it wise to have a strong force at hand
to ree that not only Russia, but other
nations do nothing to enhance their own
interests to her disadvantage.
No information of the composition of
the Japanese fleet can be obtained here.
It is stated that Japanese men-of-war,
up to a few days ago at least, were in pre
ponderating force at Taku, and it is there
fore hard to understand why reinforce
ments are considered necessary- So far
as known here the Governments Interest
ed In China are still acting irf harmony.
fand from present indications will continue
to do co, at least until Peking is cap
tured and it Is learned whether the Min
isters are dead or safe.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, June 29.—
Authoritative information has been re
ceix-ed in an official quarter here that
Japan has Issued orders for the mobiliza
tion of an exceptionally large naval force
at Taku. What the object of this impos
ing naval demonstration Is the adminis
tration officials can only conjecture. Cer
tainly It is not for the purpose of morally
coercing the Chinese Government, nor can
It be that Japan desires to reinforce her
land detachment by sailors from the fleet.
for the reason that she has now about
Z'JtQ troops at Taku. It is the disposition
of the officials here to regard the action
Of the Tokio authorities as an intimation
to the world that whatever happens in
China. Japan proposes to be in a position
to df-fend her cv/n interests.
began negotiations with the Viceroys and
Tao Tais of their respective districts.
MISSIONARIES BESET
BY ROBBER BANDS
NEW YORK, June 29.— The interna
tional committee of the Y. M. C. A. to
day received from Secretary Lewis, , lo
cated at Shanghai, the following answer
to a cable sent him last Monday asking
for Information concerning . Robert P.
Galley, In charge of the work at Tientsin,
and his family: I ...
'A- letter showing that the disturbance
In China. ls widespread. has just been re
ceived fey A. D. Vandenburg, who Is In
¦ "SHANGHAI. June 29.— Galley Is report
ed to have escaped. Unable to communi
cate with them,: as- the telegraph line. Is
broken to Tientsin. Have applied to Con
sul at TChefii to try to obtain further par
ticulars.". ''¦']'/¦ -J '. . . v ;'
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, 7 JUNE 3Q, 1900.
3
L TWO OF THE CHINESE GENERALS. OR BANNER CHIEFS, "WHO ARE
i LEADING THE REVOLTING TROOPS AND BOXERS.
?
, COMMENCING TO-DAY you will find the popular Bazaar that has been
the people's store home for twenty year? and more sailing under the old flag,
with the same motto, "Justice to All," on every fold.
With nothing but kind words and kinder thoughts for those of our patrons
who have so nobly stood by us in our hours of adversity, not only by sending
pleasant letters of encouragement, which we have received from many thou-
sands, but by more material aid, and with no word of censure for "our friends,
the enemy," who so unwisely, if not unlawfully, caused our financial disaster,
through which we have struggled manfully for commercial life, we invite all to
make us a call this day or any day and every day when wants are in hand which
we are so willing and so able to supply. .
We have agreed with ourselves, with each other and the world, that no
goods will be either bought or sold except for cash during the next few months,
so kindly prepare yourselves with the money and we will make the prices meet
your expectations. Our stock will be replenished with staple *goods at moderate
prices, And while this is being done'there are thousands of Red Tag good 3, as
we call them, with marked down prices much below their real value or common
selling value that we are glad to dispose of to obtain money to meet engage-
ments entered into in the securing of our old premises and stock belonging
thereunto.
Awaitingyour call or order .by mail, if more convenient, we subscribe our-
selves, as ever, your friends.
BARCLAY J. SMITH, Manager of Smiths* Cash Storfc
OLD
Management
Back in the
Harness.
CASH STORE
The original reliable and largest matl order
house. Ask for Catalogues, free.
23-27 Market St., near the FerryHANDBALL MATCHES.
The handball games to-morrow at Phil
Ryan's Howard-street court will -be be
tween the following players: .
E. Levene and W. Walsh vs. M. Levy and
S. Wurkhelm: E.- Barry and J, Kirby vs." D.
R*gan and M. Kirby: P. McKinnon and M. Mc-
Donald \-s. M. McNeil and D. Rodjrers: W..H.
Fleberat and J. J, Canavan.vs. C. Murray and
AY. H. Kedian; G. B. Hay ward and P. Ryan
v*. W. Hacsell and W. FlFher; W. Williams
and R. Murphy ye. .J Lawless and J. Harlot*-;
T. Scrres and E. White vs. W. Johnson and J.
Glynn; A. -Hampton and M. J. Kllgailon v>.
J. White tad J. Collins.
Condemnation Suits Begun.
Assistant United ', States Attorney Ban
ning entered condemnation proceedings in
the United States District Court yesterday'
against four acres of land at Point Arena
Cove, to be used :an the • site - for a . boat
house and life-saving « station. The -land
belongs; to Wells, Russell & Co.., and the
Government offered $509 for the four acres
but the owners demanded $8000 for it, aft
erward reducing'- their demand, to $5000
The court, by. means of appraisers,- will
determine the market value of the land
and will; thereby save , the Government «
few dollars. ~ -•¦«*¦';¦;
. The following entries have been received
for the various swimming contests which
will take Place to-morrow at Sutro Baths:
50 yard dash. Juveniles— E. Wells. J. Shel
ton;. W. O'Brien, W. Duke,' W. MeGulre W.
Guidn«v J. I>oußin. :¦ W. Harris.- F. Young"; j.
Hanna. W. Harrison, R. Herman, J.. Patton,
E. Kepp, C. Donovan, J.R o gers, J." Laird p
Rankin, L. : Greenan. P. , Lockwood, B. Mc
.Kensie, A. Rae, B.^ Sunberj?. H. Irvine, . J. An
derson. P. E|?an.. L.: : Flnnely.
*100 yard .' race, - amateurs— F. Eames, A
Baudain, A. Reese, M. Carmody, L. Haywards,
O. Lowenberg. W. Carroll.' H.» Smith, W. Har
rlng, G. Irvinfc. F. Terry, . P. -Rellly, .: C. Au
gustus. J. O'Brien, P. Ryan, .W.i Carroll', R
Bell. . W. -Walcott. . H. Wtlbert. L. Hanlon'. E
McKenaie; :-. - . ,¦-•-¦•; ¦ v v -""-'-.'-;^ : -,-*i.-"*.- :> -¦-
:.--; Trick and fancy <¦ springboard diving— J. v Han
son. ¦ T.: Thompson; O. Chalmers. J. ¦A. * Jack
bor, R. Codrell. E. -Wells, L.. Bodle. G. Kelber,
F. > Rlttw. L: Doud. *P. Logan. ¦L. Bodle, O.
Mlsner, ;W. Cook.'J.Heckett.F. Brown, R.
cordeii. . ' : ¦¦¦¦^ t fmPnßm>immmmmumat
DOLPHINS' AQUATIC FETE.
The committee in charge of ladies* day
at the Dolphin boathouse on July 15 is
working hard to prepare an interesting
series of events. It consists of W. O.
Patch, J. S. Earls, T. R. Dlxon, T. J.
Kennedy, W. L. Bush and Frank Mc-
Elrath. The principal events will be as
follows: Race between. senior and junior
barge crews: race in outrigger skiffs be
tween E. H. Coney and W. Dunn; shell race
between JT. R. Keenan and A. W. Pape;
outrigger; skiff race between Stanley Ad
derley, George Baker and W. O. Patch;
race between five men in tubs; tug-of-war
in boats; Junior outrigger skiff race:
handicap swimming race, 225 yards, for
.which :. fifteen entries have- been made
exhibition of life saving by Champion
Sydney Cavill; barge race Tbetween Ger
man and Irish crews: tug-of-war between
teams of five swimmers attached by loops
to a rope; walking the greasy pole. The
winners In the 225-yard race will be handi
capped by Alex W. Pape, but he will not
Compete Jrfirnself. having won the event
last year. Besides the aquatic events there
will be music and dancing in the club
house and, refreshments will be served
The Alameda Boating Club has hitherto
been managed by the members, the num
ber of ., whom In attendance at meetings
is between thirty and forty. It has been
found, however,, that the dispatch of busi
ness-is rendered difficult at meetings
where every member, talks, and at the
mee t^ s « cI m 1^ 8 . 1 . Tu esday an amendment
to the constitution and by-laws of the
club was suggested. It is proposed that
the management of club affairs be in
trusted to a board of eiifht directors, four
of whom are to hold office for six rooik'-ss
and four for eight months, so that four
directors will .b<» chosen at each half
yearly meeting. The board is to elect the
president, secretary, treasurer and com
mittees on finance, regattas and boats.
The house officers are to be subordinate
to the board of directors and to be elected
from the body of the club. As the cl«b
has now 121 members the difficulty of
transacting business is apparent.
The folio-wing nominations have been
made for the various club offices: For
president,., caries H. Smith: vice presi
dent, Theodore Eiffeldt: financial secre
tary. C. J. Hague: recording secretary. "W.
D. Hinchman; treasurer. D. Greenleaf:
captain. F. W. Ayers and E. B. Thornine;
lieutenant. Sydney Pollard and D. H.
Everett: m«rribers of executive committee
—Paul Bunker, XV. C. Donnelly and E. M.
Hunter; delegates to Pacific Association
of Amateur Athletic Union (three to be
elected) — John A. Hammersmith, W. B.
Hlnehman. E. M. Hunter and W. G. Han
sen. If the proposed amendments tn the
constitution are passed at the next meet-
Ing the foregoing nominations will become
void and the election of . a> board of di
rectors will be proceeded with.
Some friction has already occurred be
tween the rowing committee of the semi
centennial celebration of the Native Sons
of the Golden West and the delegates
from the boating clubs. It has been as
serted that the men who attend the com
mittee meetings as representatives of the
Ariel Rowing Club have never been
chosen for that work by- the members,
and a suggestion has been made that a
committee ©f three from each club should
be appointed to manage the Towing races.
A SPORTSMEN'S SHOW.
The San Franrisoo and Kan Mateo Agri
cultural Association has announced the"
intention to hold a sportsmen's' show in
connection with the bench show. Henry
J. Crocker, the president, took in the last
Fportmen's show held in Madison Square
Gardens. New York, and was so im
pressed that he is convinced that an ad
dition of this kind to the usual bench
show held here would prove a great at
traction. Another novel feature to be in
troduced at thtf dog Fhow at Tanforan
Park will be a series of field trials to he.
held in connection v.ith the Held trial
Clara and a. cheep-herding exhibition for
collies, sheep and cattle dogs. Liberal
prize* wlU.be offered In. these competi
tions to the best handlers and trainers
Dogs will be handled by their trainers'
who will receive th« prizes. This is .:1s
novel feature and should be productlve'of ¦
a large entry and keen competition among
the professional handlers andtralne.rs .
H. G. Hemelright's black cocker Powi
hattan Tootsie (Buzz Silk-Bessie Trot
wood), has whc-Jped seven puppies to
Dufferin Pastime.
Bruce Cornwall's English ¦ setter •by
Oaths Hope, out of Lady Lit. has been
bred to H. L* Betten's -Varona California"
by Champion Count Gladstone IV. out of
Daipy Craft. : -
The Pacific. Coast special . committee of
the American Kennr-l Club is sadly (.crip
pled at present. Chairman John E. <fe
Ruyter is confined to his room by a cold*
Dr. E. N. Lowry is taking a well earned
rest at Seijrler Springs, and.H..H. Carl
ton is unable to leave his agricultural
pursuits at Napa long enough to attend a
meeting. The consequence was that on
Wednesday night the -meeting called for
that evening to consider the appeal of
Alec. Colvin was not held for lack of a
quorum. Merton C. Alien and J. P. Nor-
HOMING PIGEONS TO RACE
The California Pigeon and Homing.So
ciety will hold its third race of the nortt}- 1
em teries for young birds to-morrow from
Red ' Bluff .. This race is looked forward to
with interest, because as; an experiment
some of the birds have been trained care
fully, while others have not flown since
the Marj'svllle race of the .17th inst., in
which race the coast record was broken.
The following owners will be represented
to-morrow: A; E. Wray, three-birds; G.
S. Marsh, three; O. W. Marsh, three; J. S.
Barnes.' four; W. Hartray, seven, ' and H.
C. Worth, eight. .
Henry Vftn Cortebeek of the California
Pigeon and Homing: Society had- a suc
cessful fly on. the 24th Inst. , The birds wer e
liberated at Sisson, 338 miles by rail from
this city. They were liberated at 5 a.m.,
at which time a. strong south wind was
blowing. The first bird arrived at 3:01 p.
in., the second at 3:16, third at 4:45 and
fourth at 4:52. The two remaining birds
did not return the same day.
A change was made in" the schedule
this week on account of , the Btockton
Fair. There was a demand for a ball
game at Stockton, so the magnates agreed
to transfer the San Francisco-Stockton
game from this city to the Slough City.
As a consequence the Sacramentos will
play two series in succession on the local
diamond.- The Oaklands made a phenom
enal spurt when they last met the Sac
ramentos away from the home of 'the
champions. It was an off week for the
men from the capital.,. They dropped two
games and made a: tie. of the third. On
this trip they will encounter a different
aggregation, as some of Manager Ew
ings brightest young men are playing on
the diamonds of Montana. The last to
leave him was pitcher Steffani, who
when he was asked for his terms by the
Montana Club some weeks since, replica
that about $500 per month would geihis
game. He was offered" $175 and refused"
Then came the $ 200 offer, which he ac
cepted and was thereupon put upon the
California League blacklist for breaking
his contract. Manager JCwing still has
pitchers galore and. he thinks that his
team is as strong as ever. ' ¦
The line-up for to-day is as follows:*
Sacramento. Positions. Oakland
Stanley ...Catcher ..- ....Mangerina
Hughes ....Pitcher Borchera
Hanlon First ba*e.. # .....Hutchlnson
Stult* ........Second base Arrellanes
Devereaux Third -base.-;. Lanfce
Etiifan ...Shortstop Francks
McLaughlln..... ...... Left field Moskiman
¦Shanahan ......Center n>l<l......,..Drennan
Doyle .......:..... Right field... Hardie
- « ? ¦ , __
CRICKET AT THE SEASIDE.
•Last Sunday's play afforded a striking
example of the difficulty, of predicting th«
result of a cricket match. The Pacific
team, which/ had been beaten ;by the AlaV
mela eleven^who had in their. turn been
defeated by the | Callfornians, 1 proved it
self a victor over: the Californias by the
ample margin of 78 runs. It may be urged
that two: Pacific batsmen, Coles and
Myers, were "the whole thing," and that'
the. Cnllfornias lacked the services of
Reynolds land Howard. .
To-morrow being <¦ an /open aay on the
schedule of. the California Cricket Asso
ciation an eleven of .the Alameda club
will Journey down to "Santa Cruz this
evening. 1 arid to-morrow will play against
the ¦-' team •of the - Santa : Cruz Country
Cricket Club. ;The 'Alameda eleven will
be; as follows.: R. 8./Hogue (captain) J
H.iSaunders, J. J. Mortarty, P. V. Croll'
Henry Ward, Harold Ward. V. Seebeck'.
W. G. Fortmann, F. Stahl,- H. W. Brown
and xW. Richter. ; In September of last
year, a team of cricketers visiting San
Francisco from ,' Santa , Cruz defeated an
Alameda team by 27 / runs and on the
following day, defeated a Pacific eleven by
50? runs. - ¦ ¦ :• -
CYCLERS IN COMPETITION.
A racing event of considerable import
ance in cycling will be held to-morrow at
San Jose— a 15-mile handicap on the mile
horse track there — between teams of fif
teen men each from the Olympic Club
Wheelmen and Garden City Wheelmen.
The particulars of the race and names
of the men on the two teams were pub
lished in last Saturday's Call. This race
will hardly result In a decision as to the
racing strength of the two clubs, as
many of the riders are. not at their best
at this season of the year. But they
have all trained faithfully and the fact
that the event is a handicap should make
it most Interesting. A large delegation of
Olympics, headed by Captain T. G. Spil
lane, will go down on to-morrt>w morn
ing's 9 o'clock train.* returning after the
race. The road from Fruttvale to San
Jose just now is in excellent condition and
many will doubtless ride down to-morrow
forenoon. x
P!easanton,has quite an ambitious pro
gramme of cycling events scheduled for
the celebration there on July 4. There
will be six open events and the prizes are
good. Chance for a "pot hunt" for some
body.
Great activity has been shown by th«
gentlemen conducting the preliminaries
connected with the proposed cycle path
from this city to San Mateo and the
project seems to be moving ahead without
difficulty. As soon as the route is agreed
upon subscriptions will be taken to do the
surveying work and the path will be
commenced in earnest. The path associa
tion was particularly fortunate in secur
ing such efficient officers. With E. B.
Learning as president, Judge Frank H.
Kerrigan and Charles Albert Adams on
the board and Robert M. Welch as treas
urer there is little left to.be desired.
The match race between H. D. tßean of
the Bay City Wheelmen and J. E. Wing
of the Garden City Wheelmen will take
place Sunday, July 8, at Centervllle.
Robert A. Smyth has resigned. as offi
cial handicapper of the California Asso
ciated Cyclers owing to press of other du
ties. Mr. Smyth has been the official han
dicapper of the various associations that
have controlled the sport on this coast
for ten ¦years past ¦•
John F. Plagemann of the Portland an
"nex of the Olympic Wheelmen is in the
city on a visit.
William Macfcie of the Olympic Wheel
men -?*; going pouth on a vacation : trip to
be gone considerable time. ¦
The annual old-timers' run of the Bay
City Wheelmen will be held Sunday/ July
15,' at San Anselmo. ' The directors of the
club are making every effort to have this
run a record-breaker in point, of attend
ance, and. as these special runs are ex
ceedingly popular they will have no dlffl- ;
culty on that score.- . .
SLOOP GADDER
TO DEFEND THE
PERPETUAL CUP
Californias Will Race for the
Wallace Trophy on July
Fourth.
The board of directors of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club and the regatta commit
tee held a meeting- on Tuesday to con
sider the challenge for the Perpetual cup
forwarded last week by the Corinthian
Yacht Club.
It was decided to accept the challenge
and Com mode re. "Ws N. McCarthy and ex-
Commodore Isidore Gutte were appointed a
committee to confer with Matthew T,ur
ner of Benicia with reference to the sloop
Gadder, which will probably be chosen as
the defender. The club last year incurred
preat expense in fitting out the Gadder for
the race against the sloop Truant, putting
an iron shoe and a fin upon her keel,
tiiihi n& a hood to make her conform to
ihe definition of a "cabin yacht" and sup
plyinK her with a new suit of sails. The
cost of preparing her for the race will be
much smaller this year and will probably
be defrayed without drawing upon the
funds of the club. The race will he In
charge of the regatta committees -of the
two clubs and will be under the rules of
the San Franciscos. the challenged paity.
As legardK measurement the rules of tho
Scawanhaka- Corinthian Yacht Club kov
ern. The rece will probably be sailed
about the md pf July.
On July 4 the annual race of the Cali
fornia Yacht Club for the Wallace tro
phy will be sailed. It is open to all yaca'.'j
in th* club and time allowance is given.
Tho present holder of the trophy is.E. J<\
Sapor's sloop Edna, which will have to
defend her owner's right to the possession
of the eup^against T. Carrier's sloop Jes-
Fio E, A. M. Clay's sloop Tactolus, Com
modore E. N. Walter's sloop Embla, 'u.:B;
Sherman's yawl Roynl. H. L. Martin's,
yawl Idler, Clark's yawl Gypsle ana pos
sibly Gale's sloop Secret and the Miller
brothers' sloop Occident. The course is
froth the narrow gauge mole at Alameda
out.to the Presidio shoal buoy, round it
*nd return. It is > thus a beat out and a
run home and, as the race starts at 1
p. m.. will be on a flood tide both ways.
.To-day and to-morrow are open days
«n the programmes of the San Francisco,
Corinthian and Encinal Yacht Clubs. I The
Californlas will cruise to Paradise Cove,
returning to-morrow. The San Franciscos
and Corinthians will receive special orders
for tho Fourth, while, the Enclnals have
a cruise to Vallejo and .' back on their
programme ''for. the 3d, 4th and sth. The
South Bays have no scheduled event for
'Independence day. -The .Oakland Canoe
Club will hald a reception at the club
house on Sessions Basin and will race .for
the Holiday cup.
The Corinthians abandoned their cruise
to Dillons Point, scheduled forlast Satur
day, and sailed to Vallejo Instead. They
were hospitably received at the ; quarters
of the Vallejo Yacht Club. On- Sunday
morning about: 11 o'clock the fleet started
homeward. It was a,flne sail through San
Pablo Bay, but off the Brothers lighthouse
the wind was strong and squally. Commo
dore H. D. Hawks hoisted, his -flag on
the Short brothers' sloop Emma and was
followed by the sloops Edna, Freda,
Queen; Neptune. Clara, Harpoon. Speed
well, Mischief. Truant. Aeolus, Amigo and
Cupid and the yawls Nereid and Arcturus.
FAST PACE OF
SACRAMENTOS
IS MAINTAINED
Other Teams in California
-Baseball League Cannot
Overtake Champions.
A combination of luck ana base hits
played havoc with the San Francisco
baseball team last week, sending the Teu-
tons farther down the toboggan and ele
vating the champions to a high notch. It
now seems that nothing short of a Rusie
could stop the champions in their upward
ilight, b\it Manager Harris is still hope
ful. He has considered the possibility of
securing the services of Rusie or some
other high priced twirler with a stout
ar , m - „ T n ? Stocktons and Oaklands are
still fighting for second place and both
are within striking distance of the lead
ers.
The following table shows the stand.
ing of the teams to date:
POOLROOMS ARE
NOT TOLERATED
AT SACRAMENTO
The Press and the People
Take a Decided Stand
Against Them.
The citizens of Sacramento have taken
a decided ¦ stand in the matter of pool
rooms in that city, the Bee going so far
as to say that Sacramento can afford to
lose the State Fair rather than permit
the poolrooms gaining a foothold^ under
any pretext. The Bee says: v
Said Teter J. Shields, secretary of the
State Board iof Agriculture, in an inter
view in the Bee yesterday:
"AH that is needed by us is the right to
conduct our pooling and bookmaking on the
racecourse durlngr the progress of the fair."
To that no man earnest and honest in the '
rru!=a<le against the poolrooms has ex
pressed or will express any opposition.
The privilege asked on behalf of the Stato
Board of Agriculture wan »n"anted In the
original ordinance presented to the Board
of Trustees and indorsed hy the conVmittee
of minister*. • That privilege was taken
away by an amended ordinance introduced
at the instigation of the poolroom owners
and passed -in their interest.
There will be no trouble if the Trustees
are honert and sincere. All that is neces
sary If to do the will of the people and
not of the poohoom gamblers. And the
will of the people is, as it always has been,
that pool selling shall forever be prohibited
in this city, "except on racetracks at such
times as races axe In progress .thereon.". ¦
The way is easy. Ail that is necessary is
to amend the ordinance back to its original I
position. If that is not done and matters
remain as they are, it will become evident
that the poolroom owners are • actlnp the
part of dogs in the manger and that the
Trustees are helping them in that attitude.
If the Trustees repeal the ordinance or
place any license on the poolrooms which
!s not severely prohibitive it will b« a no
tification to any man of ordinary intelli
gence that they prefer to do the, bidding of
th& poolroom gmnblers rather than con
tlnuft to stand v a barrier against the
worst evil that has ever cursed this com-"
munlty. If the State Fair Is injured there
fore the Bee proposes that the blame shall
be placed exactly where It belongs.
One thing should be remembered, how
ever no -matter what happens: Sacramento
can afford to lose the State Fair. She
I cannot afford t# ever again permit the pool- ..
room «iens of vice and crime to flourish in
this community. Nor do we believe that
the citizens of Sacramento will ever again .
tolerate them.- ..
man being the only members present, Mr.
Colvin's appeal was made on the strength
of .his pointer. . Lady C, .having been
awarded the cup offered by the Pacific
Coast Field ' Trials Association for the
best pointer or setter exhibited In the
field trials 'class. J. W. Flynn's pointer
dog- was awarded reserve, and Mr. Klynn
promptly put in a protest against Lady
C.'s win, on; the ground that* the field
trials class is by general usage through
out the United Stales restricted to dogs
that have been placed first, second or
third in some recognized field trials, and
Lady C. had- admittedly not been so
placed. Mr. Colvin's contention was that
the club had accepted without question
his entry and his entry fee for the
pointer in question, and had not inquired
into her qualifications; that the premium
list had stated no restrictions as to eli
gibility, and last, that he had in his pos
session a letter signed by an official of the
club, expressly stating that the only con
dition precedent to entry was that the
dog to be entered should have been pre
viously entered in some recognized field
trial, and that it was not necessary that
the dog should have been placed. It is
probable the meeting will be held during
the first week in July, when the appeal
will be considered.
OUT at picturesque Stow Lake in Golden Gate Park the gentlemen of San Francisco FlycastingClub meet twice a
month to indulge in the gentle pastime of flycastlngr. They are all ardent anglers and know the secrets of every
trout stream, throughout Northern California,- The club was organized about the time of the Midwinter Fair
and has thrived beyond all expectation. The club members /have developed flycastlng to such an extent that
they lead all the world in the art. Walter D. Mansfield holds the world's record for distance, having cast a tiny
fly 133 feet. The greatest cast of the Eastern experts is about 120 feet/ which distance many men here have exceeded. ,
A special gear is used, the line being known as "cosmic tapered.* 1 The average weight of rod used is ten ounces, al
though there is no limit. The length 0f.., the rod is fixed, at eleven feet. Fishing on a stream is on the same prin
ciples, but under different conditions. The largest number of fish are caught at a distance of about forty feet from
the angler. . : ... :'.?:::¦» .. •
ANGLERS WHO DELIGHT IN DEVELOPING THE GENTLE ART OF FLYCASTING.
WALTER D. MANSFIELD, CHAMPION FLYCASTER OF THE WORLD. $
TROUT STREAMS
ARE THRONGED
WITH ANGLERS
The Sport Is at Its Best on
AH the Mountain
Lakes.
The trout fishermen are In their glory
these midsummer days, as the sport is at
its bes\ en all the public streams, espe
cially in the mountain lakes. The Truckee
is good, but the vrater is still pronounced
too "high for the best results. Good
catches are being made at Boca and
Verdi Bay by a lot of-- sportsmen headed
by Colonel C. G. Young and Colonel Keli
hor.
A. S. Carman is fishing the lakes in the
vicinity of Cisco with marked success.
He pent a box of trout to- Alex Vogelsang,
W. F. Bogart and Harry Golcher on Mon
day and a box to another friend later in
the week. This was accompanied by the
following note:
I send you by express to-night a package
cf trout, tafien from the lakes, to show you
how they are doing. Mr. Treeman and 1
arrived the»re at 9 o'clock and caujrht forty
three. I used files and secured two dozen,
¦while he u*ed a fpoon. We took one Loch
Leven. with fly, from the upper lake and
one Eastern brock trout from the other
Fmall lake. Both arc full of flfh. especially
the large one, where trout may be «=een
jumping all over. Ha« Lake is full
of biack bae?. The largest trout I caught
weighed one pound. Thoy rife well to a
fly and make a good fight. 1 caught two
"double*."
John F. Siebe and William Carr left on
Thursday night for Cisco. They will fish
the lakes, two days and the stream one
dsy. returning home on. Monday.
Fred Johnson returned from Webber
I^ake on Tuesday and report? the fishing
as being good. He took one brown trout
•weighing four pounds, the biggest of the
ypai-on. Mr. Johnson visitfd Independence
Lake and caught BevenJ line specimens of
Eastern brook trout.
Jpfst- LilienthsJ, Colonel J. K. Doolittle.
Jacob Xeupta.dter and George D. Shad
bourn*" Jr. are among the mo=t successful
angler? at Tallac. Mr. Neustadter is cred
ited with killing an eight-pound mykiss
with rod and line in Cascade Lake. This
is not the only big fish of record, as
fully a half dozen of. the same weight
have been taken during the present sea
son. Colonel Doolittle broke the record on
Monday njorninp. taking twenty-five fish,
averaging lVz pounds, in two hours.
Mrs. A. T. Vogelsang and Miss Johnson
caught thirty trout in Lake Tahoe on
Tursday. All the angler* stationed there
b re reporter! a* doing well, the reason
being «ts good as last year, which was the
record year on the lake.
Professor Price of Stanford University
Is camped with some students at Glen
Alpine. I]hfy will interest themselves in
ap-steting in the distribution of the trout
from Tallac hatchery.
Alex T. Vopel?anu. president of the
State Fish Commission., returned on Tues
day from Tahop and reports the hatch
eries in fin«» order and an unusually strong
lot of fry on hand. While at the lake Mr,
Vogcljanj? pave orders for the distribu
tion of 1.000,000 of fish. Of these SOO.OOO will
be plaood in the lakes and streams in the
vicinity of Glen Alpine. The balance are
for the Ktre&ms near Tallac, Tahoe and
Deer Park Inn.
Many fishermen went in quc.«t of striped
has? last Sunday in Oakland estuary. Few
fißh wff taken. AI Wilson and *M. L
Cross fished San Leandro Bay near Hiph
street and succeeded in catching two bass
one an eight-pounder and the other four
pounds. The bass fishermen are not m«»et
iner with the success of last year. Mr
Wilson, who is an expert in the matter'
pxprcsses the belief that the fish are as
plentiful as last year, but they do not
•want clams for bait. ICo other line has
b**-n found- which will Induce them to
strike V«e«S
Martin Kerrigan is mourning the loss
of a valuable puppy, which picked up
poison recently on the Spring Valley
vVater Works reservation, near Lak»
Merced.
Tom Fitz is up from Merced with a
strinsr of dogs which he will have in th»
running shortly.
Gus Abercrombie. the coursing enthu
siast, ii in the East on a pleasure trip.
Judge P. J. Rellly's Honesty has
whelped to 'the same owner's Plougrhboy.
C. B. Charlesworth's Crawford Braes Is
to be mated with Emm Pasha.
H. C Lowe, the Kansas cnurstng man.
has registered two Utters of puppies by
imported Northern Surprise, one out of
Liberty, the other out of Patria.
P. Joyner's Lily Langtry has whelped
a litter of puppies to Aeneid kennels' Pre
tender.
Eulick Burke has purchased the dog
Nleht Time, by Alameda-Weasel.
Sir. Robinson has bred I-awrence Bell*
to Emm Pasha. Connell Brothers' Mamie
Pleasant has also been bred to Pasha ken
nels' crack dog. This latter cross is sim
ilar to Emm Pasha-Rockett? and sh-Juld
result In a good litter of puppies.
Pr.sha kennels' Fortuna . Favent<\ re
cently imported from England, has been
mated with the same owner's Fair Helen.
The veil of mystery which enveloped
the unexpected combination formed by
Ingleside and Union Coursing Parka is
being gradually .lifted. Although the en
tire coursing fraternity has been busily
engaged seeking 1 some plausible reason
they can find none beyond that of busi
ness expediency. Ingleslde has hardly
paid -running expenses for some time.
while Union Park, although not running
behind, Is said not to have been a source
of profit to Its shareholders. All the con
cessions which resulted in the recent
combination came from Union Park. In
gleside had nothing to offer other than
the suggestion that if it went out
of .business other men leas con
cerned about the future of the sport
would at once open an opposition park.
The directors of Union Park were, after
considerable argument, induced to see a
chance of reconciling their stockholders*.
With no opposition during the four week*
durii.o which they are to promote the
sport and with nominal expenses during
the succeeding three weeks it was ex
plained to them that their profits would
be greater than if they faced continued
opposition.
The suit Instituted by the directors of
Ingleside Coursing Park against Chief of
Police Sullivan restraining him from in
terfering with the coursing there haa
been dismissed. This action was taken at
th^ instance of Ingleside Park's attorney,
the case being dismissed without preju
dice. This move was apparently made to
prevent the possibility of an adverse <le
cision being rendered by Judge Murasky.
Had such a decision been rendered it
would have canceled the agreement re
cently entered into under which the two
coursing parks divide dates. There will
be no coursing at Ingleslde Park Tor Uu
next four weeks. They will then promote
coursing for three weeks. When their
turn comes around again at the expira
tion of that time the management expects
to have its proposed grounds in San.
Mateo County ready.
The- coursing at Union Park to-day will
be provided by a 123-dog stake in which
some star performers will compete. The
sport will commence upon the arrival oi
the 10:13 a. m. train. The best dogs ir»
the stake appear to be Palo Alto, Luxor.
Greenhall, Hot Haste. Auckland. Flyiris
Fox. Bad Boy and Herschel'a Pride.
The members of Interstate Coursing
Club will meet on Tuesday evening nexc
to discuss the proposed change in tha
conditions governing the John Grace
Challenge cup stake.
Pasha kennnels' Emm Pasha has been
mated with the same owners' Gold Nug
get, recently imported.
Mr. McCarthy's imported dog Fetter
Free will never be able to run again, ilia
broken leg is badly disfigured and will
not be of any service to him again.
H. A. Deckflman's Rocker and Pet
Klrby have been mated.
Sterl& Know Us' Hippie has been bred to
Aeneid kmnels' Pretender. Ripple is by
Emm Pasha-Wave and is a litter sister
to Sisquoc and Rude Awakening.
C. A. Sterns' Lucille, the darn of Kid
McCoy, has been bred to Russell. Allen &
Wilson's St. Clair.
Business Expediency Appar
ently the Cause of Unex
pected Division of Dates.
COURSING MEN
DISCUSS THE
ONE PARK IDEA
Thirteenth Annual Tourna
ment This Morning on San
TENNIS CRACKS
READY FOR THE
CHAMPIONSHIPS
The courts of the Santa Clara Club" have
been remodeled and are in first class con
dition. Tennis is popular there, this sum
mer and the club has a large active mem
bership, many being of the fair sex
Misses Preston. Wlgle. Knowles, Bull
Harris. DownlngwFatjo. Woodhams M*
Horr, B. Horr, Haines. Edwards. War
burton. Offleld. McQuoid and Mrs. Milnes
are some of the enthusiastic players The.
first match of a series of three was played
between teams from the Santa Clara and
Vendome clubs and was won by Fatio
and Warburton of Santa Clara, defeating
Schneider and Vachell of the Vendome
Club 11—9, 7—5, 6—4, S— 6.
The tennis talent in the East has had
several upsets recently. J. C. Davidson
started the ball rolling by losing the
Southern championship to J. Parmly
Paret on the courts of the Bachelors"
Club. Washington. D. C. Davidson de
feated Paret last year easily, and a vic
tory for him this year would have made
him the owner of the cup. but now each
have won it two years and require an
other victory.
During the week many matches were
played on the California Club courts. The
most important was between the Hardy
brothers, resulting in a tie. R. Hunt of
Alameda defeated W. B. Collier Jr in
straight sets 6-3, 6—4, 6-2, 6—4. C. B.
Root won from Johnson 7—3. 10—8. 6—4.
Robert Whitney defeated Grant Smith
C — 2, 6—l.6 — 1. 7— S. Johnson defeated James
A. Code 6—3. 7—5, 6— S. Bishop Moreland
won from Percy Kahn three sets to one
Collier lost to R. Whitney 3-6. 3-6. 7—5
George Whitney beat Grant Smith 7—5.
6—3. Mr. Waterman of Penryn Citrus
Colony played several matches with AI
Rosenberg.
Some the best matches will take place
in the preliminary and first rounds, as a
number of good players have drawn to
gether. S. P. Hardy vs. G. Smith will be
interesting, as Smith always makes a
good showing against a tleverer man. C.
B. Root vs. Alex Stewart will be close,
with the odds in favor of Root. In the
match between R. Hunt vs. Code both
players have the same style and steadi
ness, with Hunt having a little the best
of it. Will Cook vs. Paul Jones will be
the old school $*s.'the new; W. B. Collier
vs. Crowell will be two chums as con
testants, with Collier the favorite. Percy
Murdoch will probably work out to the
semi-finals, where he will meet one of the
Hardys. Robert Whitney will be in the
finals unless there should be a dark horse
in his half of the drawing- — possibly Hunt.
Several of the old players will be" missed
this year, as George Bradshaw, R. Bliven
Harry Weihe. W. C. Routh. Paul Selby,
Harry Dibblee. J. J. Crooks and Dr. Phil
lips did not enter. Their absence will b«
made up by several new faces— Paul
Jones, T. Murdoch, Bishop Moreland, Alan
Owen. John O'Brien, M. Leventritt, Percy
Kahn. Percy Bailey. Fred Brown and also
the veteran Alex Stewart of Oakland.
The thirteenth annual tournament for
the tennis championship of the Pacific
Coast will commence at San Rafael to
day at 10:30 a. m. under the auspices of
the United States National Lawn Tennis
Association. Suitable prizes will be pre
sented the winner fend the runner-up of
the all-comers, and . the -winner will play
George'F. Whitney (holder) for the cham
pionship cup on July 4. A consolation
doubles will also be held July 3 and 4 for
those defeated at singles.
The "wise ones" have picked the Hardy
brothers as the winners of the all-com
ers, but whether it will be Sam or Sum
ner opinion is evenly divided. As to
whether either of the Hardys can win
from George Whitney, the champion, is
a different matter. This year's match
will decide the ownership of the cham
pionship cup, as George Whitney and also
tiam and Sumner Hardy have' each two
wins to their credit. . .
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; JUNE 30, a l9OO.
4
SPORTS
CLUBS.
<g o 3
> :»: o 2 » S
: : . a ?
• : • «
• ¦ • ?
r '
Farramento
Stockton ."....: ."!
Oakland
San Francisco T.
... 20
... 16
... 14
... 12
.( 1
11
15
16
20
I 31 .645
31 .r,i«
30 .466
I .3T5
CLUBS.
<g o 3
> :»: o 2 » S
: : . a ?
• : • «
• ¦ • ?
r '
Farramento
Stockton ."....: ."!
Oakland
San Francisco T.
... 20
... 16
... 14
... 12
.( 1
11
15
16
20
I 31 .645
31 .r,i«
30 .466
I .3T5
We save money for amateurs. - We loan you a
kodak. Backus Studio, 11 Geary et. ; supplies. ;, ?'NEW YORK, June 29.— At the Broadway
Athletlc r Club to-night Jimmy Handler of
Newark rwas awarded the', decision on a
foul over "Mysterious Billy" Smith Of
New York in the fifteenth 'round of what
was to have been a twenty-five round bout
at 148 pounds. It was a vicious battle, and
another- punch by either man would have
brought it to a conclusion... without the
referee's interference when the foul nas
committed, as both men were wobbling
from the effect of right-hand. smashes on
the jaw. , • r
Smith Fouls Handler.
At the end of the third twenty-five Nau
nian had scored sixty-eight and Halght
was close behind with one bird less. In
the last quarter Nauman dropped all his
birds, while his less successful opponent
had one miss and three dead out of
bounds.
Halght was unfortunate throughout the
match in getting the majority of hard
twisting birds, while Nauman was lucky
in scoring on birds that, flew around and
finally dropped Inside. Halght was ap
plauded liberally on several occasions for
clever second barrel kills of erratic fliers.
In his first batch of pigeons Halght was
handicapped by getting hard birds in suc
cession.
The match was a clever exhibition of
shooting and of the nineteen birds missed
eleven dropped dead out of bounds and
eight got away. Following are the scores:
¦¦ HH 2 l /a V 2 2 2 2T2 2 2*22222200220 2-21
12221222222222*212122222 2—24
2202022222»22222J222*122 2—22
222•22•2•20222 2 2 2 1 2 1 1 2 2 2 2-21
Total 88
- Nauman. C. C—
' 22222222122211222*211112 1—24
"221012*11122222222222122 1—23
2222222021222*2*22*21211 I—2l -
1212212222:2222222223122 2—23
Total .33
The pigeon shooting match for $50 a side
between Clarence A. Halght and C. C.
Nauman brought out a good attendance
at the San Francisco Trap Shooting
grounds at Ingleside yesterday afternoon.
Nauman took the purse with a score of
ninety-three kills to his credit,. beating
his opponent by five birds.
NAUMAN BEATS HAIGHT
IN THE PIGEON MATCH
Men Who Will Assist at the San
¦ Francisco and San Matco Agri
cultural Association Fair. -: !
The officials having in charge the first
annual exhibition of San Francisco and
San Mateo Agricultural Association, to be
held In September, are rapidly perfecting
their t plans. . .The 'following 1 committees
were appointed yesterday: ;
Executive "committee— Oeorge Aimer Newhall
Maurice ; Casey, J. 'B. Crockett, Major J. l'
Rathbone. - Henry J. Crocker.
Committee on horse show exhibit— John Par
rott. J. D, Grant, Edwin F. Smith.
Committee"! on cattle — H. H. Taylor, W. H.
Howard, . Georpeß.'- Sneath. ;
Committee on swine, sheep and goats — W. J.
Martin, I Georze -Aimer ¦ Newhall, 'Walter S.
Hobart, Edwin F. Smith.
Committee on poultry, pigeons and pets^-Mau
rlce Ca»y, George A. Pope,- W.-J. Martin.
Committee on fruits, grain, vegetables -and
flow!m-*-E;-.8.'- Cutter. W. S. Tevis, George W.
McNear Jr.-f. P. P.. Chamberlain. j .-;¦¦
Committee on farm and dairy machinery.' Im
plements and * tools— H. H.- Taylor. J. rV-Boyd,
E. E.'Ames. " . ' ¦ ; . I:'.
Committee on vehicles and carriage materials
— George ,: A." Pope, J. . A.-; McKerron, - W.\: Reh
ber«:. ::¦¦¦¦•,¦¦' ¦.¦¦....:
Committee on trotting exhibits — J. ¦ F.'-Boyd,
J. C. Klrlcpatrlck, Major J. L. Rathbone.
Committee ion general arrangements— Henry
J. Crocker, Walter S.-Hobart. Edwin F. Smith.'
•' The scope 'of the 'exhibition is gradually
widening.- The latest addition. is" that of
a sportsmen's exhibit.. V ln. the-bulldinßs
to ' be ' constructed, ; if * conditions , warrant,
a place; will 7 be set-aside for a permanent
annual exhibition -of sporting jjood.B'. pat
terned after the ffreat show held InMadl
son Square Gardenr^ew; York, each win
ter. For.; this season- the buildings- notv
at Tanfbran Park will, be utilized, others
being- added" frorn^ time -to -time.-
HORSE SHOW OFFICIALS
NAMED BY DIRECTORS
second. Etta Stevens third. Time. 1:28%. •
Handicap, cix and & half furlongs— Georgle
wnn. The Star of Bethlehem second, Acushla
th'rd. Time. 1:21.
Five and a half furlongs— Sana Lyon won,
Bemickart secend, .Eecundus third. Time,
l-.MV.. - •
Selling, 9€\*en furlongs — Marguerite Hageman
won. Castle second, Ennomla third. Time, 1:28.
CINCINNATI. ¦ June 20.— Weather clear and
hof.traclt at Latonla fast. Results:
Six' : furlo'nts— Sackehem won. Miss Hudson
second. ¦¦' Guerdon third." Time, 1:15. ¦
- Selling/one mile— Sprung won, Kaftan second.
Flop ; third: Time, 1 :42.
Selling,- seven furlongs— Statira .won, Celia B
CHICAGO. June 23.— Results at Washington
Pnrk:
Five and a half furlongs— Garry Herrmann
wen. The Brave second. Scorcher third. Time,
I:C9H- ' •-
One mile—Advance Guard won, Lamachus
second. All Gold third."* Time, 1:42.
Selling, one mile — Irish Jewel won, Ben
Chance second, Uterp third. Time, 1:43%. .
Oh« mile and a sixteenth— Russell X" won,
Vohlcer second. Insurrection third. Time,'
1:49»£. . ' ¦ ¦¦• - '- • -
Six furlongs— Tayon wen. Pupil second. Lo
mona third. Time, 1:13%.
One mile, selling— Prince Plenty won. Wax
second. Red Pirate third. Time. 1:12^.
ST. LOUIS." June 29.— Results:
Selling, one mile and seventy yards— Ladas
won Sam - Lazarua J second. Iron Chancellor
third. Time. 1:46^4-
Five furlongs— Edna Green won, Mintara
second. Obla third. Time. 1:03%.
Selling, one mile— -JVoodtrlce won. Marie G.
Brown second, Armand third. Time, 1:44.
Selling, two miles- and an eighth— Duke of
Melbourne won, -Trimmer second, Leo Planter
third. Time, 6:46. -.-' - ' ' .
Selling, six and a half furlongs— Harry Duke
won. Verify second, -Lord Neville third. Time;
1:21%. ?.¦;!¦ .-.- P:/-.,.-
Flve furlongs— Adelante won, Robert Jr., sec
ond Wall third. 1 Time. , l:o3H.
. BUFFALO.' June 29.— Results at Fort Erie: ¦
Seven and a half furlongs — Althea won. Mara
tana II second. Proteus third. Time, 1:36.
Five furlongs— Formalls won, Frank Morrison
second, Amoreso third. Time, 1:03.
One mile — Oranatas won. Lamp Globe second,
Chopin third.- Time, I:4 J.— —
Seven furlnncs^ — Windward won, Passalc sec
ond. Nancy Till third. Time. 1:20,
Half mile— Tremar I won, Flatterer second.
Gray Dally third. Time. .:49%.
One mile and an eighth — Olive Order won.
Baffled second, Jucoma third. Time. 1:56.
NEW" YORK. June 23.— Results at Sheepshead
Bay:
Five furlon^B— Potra II won. All Saints sec
ond. Oriental third. Time. 1:01%.
Selling, one mile and a sixteenth— Peaceful
won, Lady Massey second, Andronlcus third.
Time. 1:43.
Selling, six furlongs— Miss Hanover won. Ar
mor second. Fleuron third. Time. 1:15 2-5.
One mile and an elehth — Decanter won.
Knight of the Garter second. Favonlus third.
Time, 1:55. :
One mile— Wooster Boy -won. Miller second,
Nansen third. Time, 1:41 1-5.
Five and a half furlongs — Demurrer won,
Luke Ward second, Hy Lo third. Time, 1:08 1-5.
Gallopers That Led Their Fields Past
the Judges' Stand.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Articles cf incorporation of G^orpe A.
Moore & Co.. which purpose? carrying on
a peneral commission and Fhippin*? busi
ness, were filed yesterday. All of the cap
ital Ftock. fIfSJOOO, ha? been subs'cr'b^d.
The directors are Gf-orjre A. Moore. Wil
liam C. Hamberprer. Frederick \Y. Peters,
W. H. T. Huie and Fred A. Searby.
New Shipping Corporation.
American League Games.
INDIANAPOLIS. June 29.— Score: . Indlan
aplls 3; Cleveland, 1 Stopped nt the end of the
fifth Inning on account of darkness.
KANSAS CITY. June 29.— Score: Kansa3
City. 5: Chicago. 1.
BUFFALO. June M.— Score: Buffalo, 4; De
troit. 12. !
MILWAUKEE. Wl*.. June 29.— T0-day's
game with Minneapolis ended' in a- row," as a
result of which Umpire McDonald gave the
pame to • Milwaukee, 9 to 0. Score: Milwau
kee, 2; Minneapolis, 1.
Batteries— Powell and Robinson; Carrlck and
Warner. Umpire— S.wartwood. .
ST. LOUIS. June 29.— Powell pitched In good
form to-day. Both* sides fielded listlessly. At
tendance 1400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E-
St. Louis ; 4 8 3
New York 8 7 5
Batteries— Breltensteln and Peltz; Nichols and
Sullivan. Umplre-^Terry.
CINCINNATI. June 23.— Nichols pitched great
ball until the ninth to-day, when two bases on
balls and three hits gave Cincinnati three runs
and the game. Breitensteln was Invincible
after the third inning. Attendance ISOO Score:
Clubs— . H. 11. E.
Cincinnati 3 6 2
Boston •„. 2 7 1
PITTSBURO. June 23.— Coupled with Pitts
burgh inability to hlt'Platt. they bunched their
errors. The features were the sensational
catches of Thomas and Cross, either one of
which. If missed, would have lost the game for
the visitors. Attendance 2SOO. Score:
Clubs— r. h. E.
Pittsburgr 2 3 5
Philadelphia 4 i
Batteries— Waddell, Bchrlver and Z'mmer; Pl
att and McFarland. Umpire— Emslle.
CHICAGO. June 29.— The Champions were de
feated to-day In a pitchers* battle, but in a
snappy and well-played pame. ChUds scored
the only run on his pass to first, his steal and
Kyan'n double. Pitcher Klllen was to-day
riven his unconditional release. Attendance
31C0. Score:
dubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 14 2
Brooklyn 0 4 1
Batterlen— Griffith and Dexter; Kltson and
Farrell. Umplre-rHurst.
W. 1^ Pet. I TT. L. Pet.
Brooklyn.... 35 IS .660 Cincinnati.. 25 29 .463
Philadelphia 33 22 .600 Chicago 25 30 .453
Boston 27 26 .509 St. Ir.uls -22 29 .431
Pittsburgh.. 2S 28 .MK> New York.. 19 32 .373
the Leaders.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Orphans Win a Snappy . Game From
CHAMPIONS SHUT OUT.
A meeting of the small shareholders of
the Eutro Railway Company has been
hHd at the home of H. Turner. 2O4'£ Eddy
Ftreet. fcr the purpose of forming an or
ganization for their benefit and to enable
them to secure some consideration from
the Sutter-street road. Another meeting:
•prill be held about the middle of July,
which all Fmall Ftockholders are Invited
to attend. The date has not been lixed.
Sutro Eoad Shareholders Organize.
CHICAGO, June 29.-"Syracuse Tommy-
Ryan easily gained the verdict over
"Young" Mahoriey of Philadelphia before
the Fort Dearborn Athletic Club to-night
after six round* of rather slow work.
Ryan, who was In splendid condition, ap
parently completely outclassed the Phila
delphia man, whose work, though clever
looked amateurish. ln front of Rvan Ryan
evidently did not try for p knockout, but
contented himself with tying Mahoney
into knots and outpointing him. The crowd
showed its disapproval by hooting tho
men at times. Mahoney weighed about
14G pounds and Ryan in the neighborhood
of 1;j0. ¦ • • •
Has His Antagonist at His Marcy
From the Start, but Makes No
Effort to Score a
Knockout.
CROWD HOOTS
TOMMY RYAN
AND MAHONEY
Syracuse Pugilist Defeats
the Philadelphia Man
Easily.
When the fire apparatus arrived lines of
hose were stretched through the build
ing and the standplpes were used in com.
bating the fire from adjacent roofs. In a
short time the elements "of destruction
were subdued and the building saved.
The loss will approximate $3000. The
rooms Immediately under the roof* on
which the fire started were slightly dam
aged by the fire, but the principal lofs
was done to them by water. The con
tents of a number of lockers received a
drenching and some of the members will
suffer slight los 3. ' . • . .
Chief Sullivan left the scene of the fir«
just as soon as the blaze was under con
trol and started back for the Grand
Opera-house. Ho was closely followed by
a. messenger aiid when . he reached thb
The fire started on a platform of
wood constructed on the west roof of the
building. This platform had been used
in connection with a laundry that was
once a part of the club. The boards, long
exposed to the heat of the sun, had thor
oughly dried out and burned like tinder.
It is supposed that a spark from the
kitchen chimney ignited them. A num
ber of members and attendants of the
tlub were in the building when the blaze
was discovered and after turning In an
alarm from an auxiliary box they set at
work to light the fire with a small hose.
The flames had gained too much head
way, however, and 6oon began to work
their way through the roof of the struc
ture.
The signal that the blaze was In pro
press was given while the Chief of the
fire fighters and five of his assistant*.
were attending the Sweeney benefit at
the Grand Opera-house. A small gong
had been placed In the playhouse and
without causing: any commotion the fire
men left the scene of pleasure for the
seat of action.
"When Chief Sullivan arrived at the 'fire
he immediately turned in a second alarm.
Shortly afterward the blaze was under
control and he started to return to the
Grand Opera-house. He had scarcely
reached the entrance to the theater when
a messenger overtook him. Into the
Chiefs hand was slipped a letter. It ex
pressed the thanks of the Olympic Club
for his efficient work In subduing the
flames and was accompanied by a check
for $30 to be donated .to the Sweeney
fund, that the club might further im
press upon the department Its grateful
ness.
A fire that threatened to assume menac
ing proportions broke out in the Olympic
Club building shortly before 3 o'clock yes
terday afternoon. The promptness with
which the Fire Department j responded to
the two alarms resulted In the flames
being confined to the portion of the roof
where they started, and the total loss is
nominal.'
-- ¦ ?
Prompt and Efficient Work, of the
Department Causes Directors to
Send Check to Sweeney
Fund.
Blaze Starts on the Roof but
Is Extinguished With
Small Loss.
OLYMPIC CLUB
IS DAMAGED BY
FIRE AND WATER
theater the following letter with an in
closure was handed to him:
OLYMPIC CLUB,
SAN' FRAXCISCO. June 29, 1900.
Mr. D. T. Sullivan, Chief of Fire Department,
City— Dear Sir: The directors of the Olympic
Club beg to thank you and your efficient corps
for the prompt and valuable services rendered
this afternoon In extinguishing what threatened
to be a disastrous fire in our club building, and
which, we are thankful to cay. has been ef
fected with a slight loss. In recofmltlon of
same we bes to tender herewith a subscription
of $50 to the Sweeney fund. Yours gratefully,
J. J. HAFELU Secretary.
The Pacific Coast Jockey Club owns
InirleF'de race course, the gates of which
are closed by an ordinance which pro
hibits betting in this county on competi
tions between horses. To what use this
money will be p'ac^d is a secret Known
to the Jockey Club directors alone. From
outward appearances r.o such sum need
be spent on the grounds.
It is intimated that efforts are to be
made to influence legislation to the end
that the track may be reopened, even
thouph the authorities of this county
Fhould be unalterably opposed to such a
proceeding. #
The dirt ctors cf the Pacific Coast Jockey
Club have levied an assessment of $6 per
share on the stock of that institution. As
there an* .7**) shares of stock this means
a total of $20,090 to be expended on what?
Assess Jockey Club Stock.
2:13 class; pacing— H. W. Meek's "William
Herold, C. F. .Kupp'j I Direct, S. Wilson's
Walter K. W. Whitney's Sam H and Bernard,
E. Tophacfs Wild Nulling. i
2:IS claps'; trotting; $100— Alex Brown's Sable
Frances. .Tamp.s Sutherland's • Brlce McNeil.
Santa Roi>a Stock Farm's Dolly D, William
llogDboom's Dorado*. D. Heln's Alta Vela. F
D. McGregor's Eleanor Ann, B. Erkenbrecher's
Ml?s Barnabee.
Futurity trot — J.-8.- 1 version's Dammar, Klngs
bury & Hogoboom's Kula Mac. Panta Rosa
Btock Farm's Ropara, K. P. Heald's Tom
Pmlth. Vpndome Stock Farm's Vendorae, A.
G. (iurnett'B Zambra.
SATURDAY. JULY 7.
Golden Gate Park Driving Club race. No. 2-
I. B Dalziel's Steve, W. Van Kernan'a Mattle
B, J. C. Ohlanrlt's Hnrvey B, J. Culcello's
I-llitli. G. TV. Klnßsbury's Lynall. B. Croner's
Butcher Poy, H. Patrick's Crescent.
2:40 class; trotting: $7TO— A. G. F. Stlce's
Santa Anita Star, James Coffin's Puerto Rico.
William Morgan's Una K. William Ho(?oboom's
Lady Me. Nutwood Stock Farm's Bob Incersoll.
H. W. Meek's Janice. R. E. Mulcnhy's Al
poneu. K. Topham's Juan Chlcn. A. B. Spreck
els' Zarina and. Princess Christine, P. W.
Hodge's Atherlne.'
FRIDAY. JULY C.
Bi***ters' Futurity; three-year-old pacers:
t'T.o— I. •L. Borden's >T L, B. C. A. Owens'
Daken D, Kin<sbury & Hopobonm's Waldstein
Jr., Santa Rosa Stock Farm's Volita.
THURSDAY, . JULY 6.
2:14 claa*: trotting; JSOO— T. W. Barstow's
Claudius. Santa RoFa's Stock Farm's Bonsa-
Ilne, Klngsbury ft Hoffoboom's Dalmont. S. A.
Hooper's Hobo. W. Pemberton's Boydelle.
Golden Gate Park Driving Club race, No. 1—
J. W. Hammerton's Alfred 11, C. E. Park's
Imp, F. Gommet's Pardee, E. Stewart's Mor
gan, J. Holland's Freddie B, J. C. Ohlandt's
AlnmoHa •MoM .-"• ..
2:11 cla*»: trotting— L; E. Clawson'a Phoebe
Childers. Veadome Stock Farm's r>r. Fraese.
T. J. Crowley's Addlson, George T. Becker's
Zombro, George W. Ford's Neeretta, P. W.
Hodsee' Hazpl Klnney.
A. B. Spreckels' Dione against time — To
beat trark record. 2:11.
2:10 clars. pacing— J. C. Ktrkpatrick's Clipper,
James Thompson's Little Thorn. G. W. Ford's
Florarita, A. G. F. Stlce's Jej»s!e C. ,
TUESDAY, JULY 3.
2:16 class; jiarlnic— S. Wilson's "Walter X: L.
P. Sloeum's Tertdy the Roan. 11. H. Dunlap'a
King Cadenza. .1. L. Smith's Gaff Topsail,
Nutwood Stork Farm's Georj-le B and Irvlnß
ton Boy, p. \\\ Hodges' Queen R.*W. W.
Whitney's Sam II and Bernard. B. Erken
brecher'a WHhelmina. G. Wempe's Belle W.
Gentlemen's road race— Santa Rosa horses.
. WEDNESDAY. JULY 4.
FamVe Hazel D, George A. Davis' Rey Direct,
A. G. F. Stlce's Santa Anita Maid.
TIE trotting circuit for the season of
1900 will open at Santa Rosa on Mon
day next, and although the entry list
for this, the first meeting of the year,
is not as large as usual, the class of horses
entered Is better than ever and there is
every prospect of one of the greatest
weeks of harness racing ever seen in the
State. The programme for the Fourth of
July is one that should draw every ad
mirer of fast trotters and pacers to Santa
Rosa, and predictions are freely made by
those most competent to Judge that more
fast miles will be made there than have
ever been seen on a California track In
one day's racing.
In addition to the regular programme
Adolph B. Spreckels' peerless mare Dione,
2:03»i. queen among Californlan trotters,
will be sent against the track record of
2:IL Charles Jeffries will drive her. and
if conditions prove favorable she is ex
pected to trot close to 2:08. Dione would
be seen in competition, but there is no 2:10
clap?, to which she is eligible, on the pro
gramme, and the free-for-all did not fill.
Dione, Toggles and Klamath are the only
trotters on the coast eligible to this. The
latter two have been retired, leaving
Dione queen of the trotters. The mare
has been campaigned during the past two
seasons on the grand circuit by Thomas
Keating, hy whom she was given her rec
ord at Cleveland in IS9S. She is a bay
mare, eight years old and Is by Eros out
of Grade S. 2:22. Ero» was bred at the
Palo Alto stock farm and is by Elec
tioneer. Hfr disposition has not been
spoiled by her racing, any one being able
to drive her. She is a great favorite of
her ownr-r. The trotting record of this
coast is credited to Sunol. 2:osy,. and was
made at Stockton. Stambcul was sent a
mile in 2:07H over the same track, but
throucrh some Irregularity it was never ac
cepted by thos.' in authority.
In the 2:11 trot it need surprise no one
to Fee every heat trotted inside of that
time, and a heat or two below 2:10 !s more
than likely to be witnessed. Zombro 2:11.
Xeeretta 2:ll*A. Addison 2:11 H. Phoebe
Childers 2:12, Hazel Klnney 2:12H and Dr."
Frasse 2:l2M> will be the starters, and not
one of these horses has yet reached the
limit of his speed, and each and every one
is confidently expected to be in the 2:10
2:2s class; paeinur— .Tames Sutherland's Kffle
P. William Murray's Marg-aretta," George W«
Ford's Toußhnut, "Nutwood Stock Farm's
Georgle B and Irvlngton Boy, Santa Rosa Stock
2:23 class: trotting; J"O— A. B. Spreckels*
Zarina and Prinre«a Christine. Mrs. M. S.
Severance's Bet Madison. Georgre W. Klngs
bury'B Lynall, William Moriran'B ITna *X, A.
G. F. Slice's Santa Anita Star. George W,.
Ford's Neerbell. S. A. Hooper's Los Anfeeles,
W. O. Bower's Silver Ree.
MONDAY, JULY 2.
list this year. As the Santa Rosa track
Is admittedly one of the best and fasiest
in the State the prediction that the 2:11
trot at Santa Ro.=a will furnish the fastest
race of the circuit has a good foundation.
The 2:10 pace will have but four starters,
but every one is a crackerjack. Clipper
2:oSsi. a son of Diablo, has been working
so well that a mile in 2:07 is expected of
him. while Little Thorn 2:0914 "can prob
ably put in three heats In his record time
if asked to on Wednesday next. Flora
cita, 2:11^., the fast daughter of Red
Cloak, will start In this race. She has
been trained at Santa Ana this year and
the only thing known about her present
form outside the stable is that she paced
a public mile against a bicycle rider at
Santa Ana in May and wan beaten about
ten feet in 2:09%. Jessie C, 2:10 1 i. Is an
Eastern mare by Alroy and will represent
Stlce & Maben of Los Angeles in this
race. She worked more than one heat in
2:10 before being shipped to Santa Rosa
and there Is a rumor out that 2:07 or bet
ter will be made by the horse that beats
her to the wire. These two races alone
would furnish a high-class programme
for one. day at any grand circuit track,
but In addition there will two more
events that will be drawing cards. One
is a race between horses owned by mem
bers of the Golden Gate Park Driving As
sociation of this city, in which about
eight horses will start. Among the
other features of the week will be the
Breeders' futurity stake for three-year
olds. The trotting division, will have six
entries and four colts- will contest for the
portion set aplde for pacers.
In the 2:23 and 2:40 trotting races the
green horses will make their first appear
ance for the year. Among the horses in
this class that have shown speed enough
to warrant their being placed in the "very
promipinu" division nre William Morgan's
Una K. by McKlnney: A. B. Spreckels*
Zarina. by Dexter Prince: P. W. Hodges*
Atherlne, .by Patron: Xutwood stock
farm's Bob Ingersoll. by Nutwood Wilkes;
H. W. Meek'e Janice, by William Harold,
and G. W. Ford'r- Neerhell. by Neernut.
The entries for the week's racing follow:
Adolph B. Spree kels' Eione, Queen of. Californlan Trotters.
College judges at the finish— W. H. Wallace
Jr., Columbia; Herbert Howland. Cornell: J.
HadJey Doyle, Georgetown ; D. H. Lebouteiller,
Pennsylvania, and WUUam Moffatt, Wisconsin.
Judges on'referee'n boat— Hiram Thomas, Co
lumbia: Charles S. Francis, Cornell; Claude R.
Seaphone. Georgetown: Dr. Charles S. Potts,
Pennsylvania, and E. E. Hackln, Wlsconnln.
Judge at finish— Fred R. Fortmeyer, Pough
ke<«p«le Highland Rowing Association.
College timekeepers — Walton I* Oakley. Co
lumbia; Frank G. Sehcfleld. Cornell: W. K.
Johnson, Georstetov/n; 'WilHam 11. Patterson,
Pennsylvania; Fred Brown, Wisconsin.
The coaches predict a record-breaking
time if to-morrow's weather is a repeti
tion of to-day's warm sun. cloudless sky
anrl lack of more than a pleasant breeze.
All of the coaches busied themselves in
giving preparatory touches to the boats
In which the men will row and to-morrow
morning they will go over them again
carefully. The coaches declare their men
are in the pink of condition. Added to
this satisfactory report is the admission
of everybody concerned that they are all
satisfied with the course" as drawn by
them in the various races. There does
not seem to be any disposition on either
the part of the crews* or the adherents
of the colleges to make any excuses for
their representatives in the race. All
concede that the races will be rowed on
merit alone.
The following: . named have been ap
pointed officials of. the race to-morrow:
Referee— Richard Armstrong, Tale.
TJmekeeper— Evert Jansen Wendell, ftarvar.d.
Becords May Be Broken.
The varsity race Is causing more dis
agreements in expert circles than any
previous races in years, and this Is be
lieved to be due to a divergence of opinion
as to the relative merits of the" strokes.
It : is a singular fact that five distinct
strokes are being rowed here and will bo
tested in the race to-morrow In contra
distinction to an almost similar stroke
rowed by Yale and Harvard on Thurs
day. In fact, the strokes are radically
different, the only generally applied prin
ciple being in the case of Cornell. Penn
sylvania and Georgetown, all three of
which agree upon the strone use of the
leg to finish out the stroke after the back
of the man Is perpendicular In the boat.
There. 'however, comes at once a differ
ence, for Georgetown completes the
stroke with the shoulders, Cornell with
the arms and Pennsylvania with both
arms and a longer slide. Columbia uses
.the shoulders to a large degree all
through the stroke, while the great dif
ference in the Wisconsin stroke from the
others Is the sharp, quick catch and the
quick recovery. Georgetown will row the
fastest stroke on the river, starting at
forty, dropping down to thirty-eight and
getting back again to forty-one and forty
two. It is a hustle, but ft seems to make
the boat go at a good rate.
The first race will be the four-oarea
event to be rowed over the two-mile
course, beginning at the two-mile post
on the University Course and finishing at
the regular finish line. This race is sched
uled for 4 o'clock and. the others will be
rowed as soon afterward as the referees
and Judges can be placed. The freshmen
race follows the four-oared event and i»
to take - pla.ee over . the same two-mile
course. The varsity race is over the
four-mile course and It is expected will
take placo about 6 o'clock, a fine time of
the day for rowing.
Difference in Strokes.
POUGHKEEPSIE. N..T., June 29.— A
smashing of . intercollegiate records for
varsity eight-oared shells if the wind and
weather are favorable, or at least one of
the most hotly contested races ever rowed
by collegiate crews in this country, is
promised for to-morrow on the splendid
course opposite this city. . ,
So far as the consensus of opinion
among the experts is concerned, it is be
lieved that -the four-oared event, which,
will open the racing at 4 o'clock to-mor
row afternoon, will go to Pennsylvania.
Its crew has shown superb form in prac
tice, Mr. Ward, the coach, giving the
men quite a good deal of attention, while
the coaches of Columbia and Cornell have
seemingly neglected their four-oared
crews, and they do riot row In the same
good form as the freshmen- and varsity.
Mr. Courtney of Cornell, however, pro
fesses to believe that while his four-oared
crew does not show up in the usual neat
Cornell form' they, are very fast, and this
has been in-, a measure demonstrated in
their practice with the eights.
In tne iresnmen eights tne youngsters
from Wisconsin arti picked as winners by
the same experts that pick .Pennsylvania
in the fours*. That they are very fast is
not to be ii'ispotec 1 ., and they have a
quick, snappy style that usually counts
tor much in the short two-mile race; but
the Pennsylvania treshmen are aiso very
quick and have given the varsity crew a
good bustle many times lately, showing
continuous improvement that may be
dangerous to the success of the Wisconsin
men. Cornell Is usually a feature in the
freshmen races here and has by no means
conceded that it Is outclassed, while the
Columbia boys. If they do not forget the
Hanlan stroke, will be In the foremost or
the fight. It will be what the college boys
call a "scrappy" race from start to fin
ish, and it looks now as if it would be
done In fast time. • -
Experts * Believe . the ¦, Fotir-Oared
. . Event Will Go to the Pennsyl
vania University
Oarsmtn.
•n j it nt»n t» i_
Records May Be Broken on
the/Poiighkeepsie
Course.
VARSITY BOAT
CREWS WILL
MEET TO-DAY
The Fan Rafael Golf Club will hold a
handicap competition for men and another
for ladifs on July 4. On Saturday, the 7th
prox.. there will be a match between two
teams of mm, one captained by E. J. Mc-
Cutchen and the other by E. L. Griffith.
On Saturday, the 33th prox., there will
be a match botween two teams of ladles,
the captains net havinp been named yet.
Much yet remains to be done before
the Sausaiito links will be in pood order.
No instrucU r has been engaged. On Sun
day a party of polfers. men and women,
came over from Tiburon In a launch,
landing at the San Francisco Yacht Club
house at SausaMto. In the fall William
Bradley, instructor of the Linda Vista
<lo!f Club of San Jose, will visit the Sau
saJito links to give lessons to the mem
bers.
Last Saturday there was a laree crowd
1 at the San Rafaol links to witness the
formal opening tournament of the season.
Many visitors from Oakland and San
"Francisco were on th« ground. The men's
handicap at medal play wa? won by M.
J. O'Connor of Fan Francisco, a wv;
player. E. J. McCutchen. Georg-e Hpazel
ton and E. L. GrilTHh wore his nearest
competitors. Tho v:c men's handicap was
won by Mr?. Prank S. Johnson, who has
been practicing rearuiarly -of late. Mrs.
J. J. Crooks and Siln Griffith also took
part In the competition.
The fourth tournament of the Santa
Catalir.a Island Golf Club br-gan en Juno
£2 and was continued on the £?.ril. It at
tracted a Irirp-e numb'r of c^od trolfers.
r.mor.p the best known being Mr. and
I\!rs. E. D. Silent. Mrs. J. D. Foster, J.
A. Jovne, A. H. Braly. H. G. Wilshire.
Uurh May. C. E. Maud, V. E. Howard.
H. M. Grindley and Mr. and Mrs. R. H.
Hay-Char map". In the men's handicap
over thirty-tix holes, medal play, there
¦werp sixteen contestants, of whom C. E.
Maud made the V>e-st ?ross and ret scores
for the first eighteen holes — VS. The near
est KToe* score to this was E. B. Tufts
87. and the next best net score was R. P.
Elaisdolls (handicap Ii) 83.
The final round of the Ladies' Handi
cap of the Oakland Golf Club between
Mrs. F. K. S!affpi> and Mrs. W. P. John
son will not bo played until the autumn.
TOe inest important coif event <m In
flepenier.ee Day will be the eecond com
petition tot the Ponlatowskl Cup at Bur
llnrasie. This is open to ladles and Is
et medal playover eighteen boles. The
cv? becomes the property of any lady
¦who wir.s it twice. Matrimony has re
moved last year's winner (Mrs. Double
day, nee Moffltt) from the conest. Mrs.
R. GHrean Brown of the San Francisco
end San Rafael Go!f Cluhs. who was
eccond last year to Miss Alice Moffltt
of the Oakland Golf Club, being live
etrokes behind her. will play this year
end should make a Rood showing. Miss
Ilrme of the Burlinprame Country Club
v-ill not enter the competition on account
of the recent death cf her uncle, the late
F. S. Douty of the Pacific Improvement
Company. Mrs. J. W. Rowers, the cham-
Ton of Southern California, will take
j-art, and so also will Miss Alice Colden
Hoffman, wirnrr of the Council's Cups of
the Ban Francisco and San Rafael Golf
Clubs. Miss Mary Scott, who played so
prood a parre in thf match betWM-n toaxns
of the Oakland and San Francisco Golf
Clubs, will not be a competitor. Entries
close to-morrow. Luncheon will be
served in the Burllr.^arac clubhouse at 1
p. m. and during the afternoon a. concert
will be eiven.
ZTre. Xtonbleday, nee SloSttt, Xj&st
Year's Winner, "Will ifrot Defend
Her Title on Wednesday
> Next.
Second Contest for Ponia
towski Trophy at
Burlingame.
WOMAN GOLFERS
TO COMPETE FOR
A VALUABLE CUP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU SATURDAY, JTJNE 30, 1900.
TROTTING CIRCUIT WILL OPEN
WITH SANTA ROSA MEETING
as
5
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
'Professor Pickering has money enough
collected: to' make; a-telescope 100 feet long
nnd twelve inches aperture, to be used In
photographing stars.*. il-"?i 1 -"?
"Trunks, valises: and Leather Good".
"Stationery and PrlntiriK,""','Ptctures and
Frames." . "Camera Supplies" 'and .'-' " Ar-
tist. Materials'.' .are the live '- departments
at Sanborn.,Vall &-Co.'s," where you can
get- anything and everything In these
lines-of the. very best quality and at the
very lowest prices, 1 ¦ ¦ •¦; ;•
.'' i :
Cleveland Cyclery
LEAVITT & BILL,
309 LAKKIft ST.
Bargains ia 2d-hand Bxyclss,
$5. SIO. $15.
SE2STID FOR LIST.
«
Men's and Lodi e'.
$20 and $25.
REDUCED TO
NEW BICYCLES
TEE EMPOBIUM. | THE EMPCBITJM.
Headquarters for Materials.
Until W:3O HBjlli* JS-^HSj^^H^allJ Cancpnt
T~-Niahf. ** &<>Uten ßule f%s* ?a avrw S at 7:3 0.
• ii CAUFORNU-S LARGEST—AJ«I£R!CA-S GRANDEST STORE. •— — — ¦^
\ - ¦ . >*,
\ SpGGial ' \
I Fireworks t
t Department F i
| 924 and 926 Market Street, i
| Under Baldwin Annex, r "
X Opposite The Emporium* <>
I • fire Crackers, Torpedoes, Cannons, f
f Pistols, Rockets, Balloons, J
I Flower Pots, Volcanoes, Colored Lights, t
f Assortments in Cases—Everything ?
; to Celebrate With. t
f Parasols
Offae-Qu&ff*fei* Off.
Want a New Parasol for the "Fourth?' This m your chance.
Any Pjrasol m our stock 'to-day at ano-tfjartar off
roe; ulan prices, to clean up th j balance of oar
Regu'ar prices of Cirriage ParasoU, 50c to $5.00; Coaching
Parasols and Snn Shades. $1.00 to $10.00; Sun Umbrellas,
b ack ar-ri colnreil ?b«t =I^3, $1.25 to $8.50.
- Sales Tables— Main Aisles.
Q Sandow Cigars for 25c. I
I To-Day On'y -Cigar Counter-Rotunda, I
T Qtuntity Limited 50c Worth to a Customer. >
t t
&I Any $1& B tisQ Suit
Y^hrfSL for $12.00.
l\\\(\ nt^ closing time to-night choice of any
fI I II 1 Man's $15.00 Suit in our stock — single
ij t Uc ~*y~. J or double - breasted sacks, cutaway
LpA O j Jj frocks or Prince Albert?, <*i»tf^2> fiUfftl
\^LJ\r An for *pMsGaQJftLO
j |\\s% ]yy W Sale Of tiflzn's Pants— One- quarter
' \ off the regular prices, which are from
13.00 to S6 00 — a larpe a»sortment of sty ish trons- .
*rs. of which the matching coats and ve3t3 have /w m 3m 3
been sod. i//^
Boys 9 Long Pants Suits, $4,95— && ff
Worth $6.00 and $6.50 ; sizes fcr boys 13 to Wit/ 1
19 years ; all-wool materials m ne3t dark pittenw dsjt/vy /
and bins cheviots; stylishly an<l extra wp'l p^Qfr' /
mide ; ronnd-cornercd sack coats : /"**><'? tfj| f^ /J TKr
to-day *p£fi"3K2?s& ! VrnV
Children's Vestee Suits, $2.19— —^fej Sl^
A special lot of about 10 J suits for boys 3 y^\ N\ "^-^^S
to 8 years, that wouJd sell in the regihr way for
J3.50 ; all-wool fabric*; coit collars or ?hs lar**
rai or collar, as de'irvd ; well "3 G& "jjV
trimmed well made ; to-day ..-. v *ciw J-^-^^J -^-^^
Second Aisle— Right of Entrance. D*-*"
Any 03.45 Hat for $2.65.
To-daronly, Men's $3.45 Stiff and Fedora Hats, newest and most
stylish blocks, the stiff hats in black or brown, the Fedoras in
black, brown, contrast and pearl ; choice of en- &*% 6+R
tire stock $3.45 hats for vfrdS. (Z?«9
Main Floor— Off Rotunda.
CS3? Ladies 9 Pique <£\ I¥3en 9 s
Jsfi^ Puffs, 12C' t}\ $3.50
\ VM 25 dcr 2 n PUin White iiy \ ll *1.
\ \ / Liwn or Piqna Paff /U \ BSH SttOGS,
••A \/. Scarfs, a 25c value, A \ / 4H CS
HI \v/ rpecial t0 - f« / 4/ wOOi
\ \<- t 'L"! -.- v • \J^ C A\fsf& Tin - Willow or Rnssia
/\ \ Ladles* Neck wear {\ \*f>^*?\ Calf T ir» m-,»j ><>«
f\ \ Counter-Rotunda. \i \[^\ f • LI3C9 b °°! 3'3 ' new
I \ \ Gi*GOG 0 '^*S&\ Goodyear welt sewed
i\\ Shirts, 77c. I^4 *°*;^c»a-
Japanese Crepe Golf >T 1 day SZaOX)
Shirts, thin, cool, comfortable, stylish, First Aisle —
just 2f i dcz-n in thi3 lot, lighter dark """"' Right of Entrance.
effects, colored strip*', to be worn wi h '.
auy stye collar, the regalar 51.50J
qualities, topethfr with n line of Nag- I 25C £2f2CJ 35 C &§tf&
lifree Crepe Shirts, all at the ppecia 1
price tcday only, each jj c ' Combs, fßc.
_ "'"'" m 'Z'l "L - Oaly 283 pairs in
Gurtasns, 7ac Psfr* this lot, 4of the g^ >»
To-day we offer 150 pairs of s:ghtV newwt style nat- *M^^rS^^f|
good-wearing Lace Curtains, 40 .nrd 45 *?"»_ °t f e iWffMSMW
fnchea wide. 3 yards \ long, 5 different Su^e Combs fo- »^| j|J jij Ijj jjp
patterns from which to »j nay... «^j-^
fe'ert pe- piir Z#C P" pair lOC
Main Floor— Oft Rotunda. I Third Aisle— Right of Entrance.
OUR GOLD DREDGi.XQ PUMPS
1/DAfU Yitf ¦uccvMful at Norn* Ia, t
tVltUull r««r. All etbera failed. la op*nl
Hen <j»Uj. • Sureosoa «v. d. jr.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
X^Tien you have that obstinate ling-
ering cough which will not be
shaken ofT.
"I havr csed three bottles of Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery
sine? my correspondence with you,"
writes £lr. A. F. Xovotny. of New .
York. JN. V., (Box 1437). "I feel that
I am in need cf no more medical as-
sistance. When I started to take your
«-dic:nc I had a regnlar consumptive
couyh. of which I *.vas afraid, and
everybody cautioned and •warned me
coaeercing- it. I was losing: weight
rapjdlr, was very pale and had no ap-
prtite whatever. , Now niy condition is
changed entirely. I do not cocgh at
all. have gained eight pounds in
weipht. have recovered my healthy
color, and my appetite is enormous."
' * l
m&jfttr&M when ,
9fflS^?i^ DS2.PIEKCES
} m ¦¦!,% hi^\ , D |
t :;-.V.V.v...:- .:.:¦.. --. Tp.) B/J«' t cfjf s)
— H~r-- 1 1 SB PERSONS IN EVERY
->.wv^r,!|HUIIDR£D WHO USE (T
«^*B^j^ SAME SHAPE
TWO QUAUTIES yfe^^^The Society of Old Friends will have Its
excursion; to Sunset Park on the Sth of
July. At the park there will be an Old
Friends picnic. The committee has pre
pared a programme of entertainment for
old *nd younc. ?c.,;;;
Old Friends' Picnic.
At a meeting in a woman's in Mil
waukee th<» other day there was more racket than the
chnir could suppress with the gavel, so the president
ctme down to the front of the platform and told the
ladies they were "acting like a set of men." and im
irediatel}' the convention became as good as pie.
Admiral Schley is convinced that he has won a
place in American history superior to any that a
political office could give him. It is gratifying that
Admiral Dewey's spectacular performances taught at
least some lessons.
The ex-convict who conceived a notion the other
day that he could thrash two policemen and was
taken to the Receiving Hospital for repairs is prob
ably convinced that some respect must be paid to the
m-.j>stjr of the law.
Juneral Services Held Over the Body
• * of the Late Patrick v : •
Reddy.
The body of Patrick Reddy was laid
away in Cypress Lawn Cemetery yester
day. The funeral services were held ac
cording to the Catholic" rites. Father Ryan
of St. Brigid's. Church offering the prayer
for the departed both at the house, 2717
Pacific avenue, and at the grave.
The house was crowded with men well
known in business and in municipal af
fairs, ¦who had gathered to pay. the la?t
tribute to their friend. There was a pro
fusion Of flowers, but beyond them the
service was conducted with the utmost
simplicity." Among, the mourners were
several Chinese merchants whom the dead
lawyer had befriended.- They followed to
the ceremony , and were present at the
services at the grave.
The pallbearers were Judge Beatty.
Judge Lawlor, Judge Sullivan. General
Barnes,; James H.- Barry, William P. Mil
ler, Frank G. Drew and R. W. Campbell.
LAID QUIETLY AWAY
IN CYPRESS LAWN
FOREIGN RESIDENTS IN CHINA.
These figures show that Russia made the
greatest gain in the matter of residents
and Japan in the number of firms, France
coming next in the latter respect. Consul
Fowler says that these figures do not In
clude the leased ports, and that It must
be remembered that In the case of Great
Britain a large number of Hindoos and
Asiatics (Chinese born in Hongkong, the
Straits, etc.) are Included. Consequently
it is difficult to determine the true number
of Brittsh In China. Moreover, by British
law every British subject is compelled to
register in his consulate, but with Ameri
cans this registration is optional. Consul
Fowler expressed the belief that the num
ber of American residents Is greatly un
derestimated.
The total number of residents, 17.193.
shows an increase of 3772 over IS9B. The
total number of firms, 933, shows an In
crease of ICO over IS9B.
Interesting statistics concerning foreign
ers in China are contained in a report on
trade relations between China and the
United States, just received at the State
Department from Consul Fowler at Chefu,
dated May 7 last. The table of foreigners
is divided into two classes, residents and
firms, and includes statistics for the years
IS9B and 1899. The total foreign residents
are stated as follows:
In 1593. 13.421; 1599, 17,193, and the foreign
firms as follows: 1898, 773; 1593, 933.
The nationality of the foreign element
for IKW is stated as follows:
American, residents 2335, increase over
IS9B of 279; firms 70, increase of 27.
British, residents 3562, increase of 414;
firms 401, increase of S2.
German, residents 1134, increase of 91;
firms 115, increase of 8.
French, residents 11S3, increase of 2G3;
firms 76, increase of 30.
Dutch, residents 106, Increase of 19; firms
9, increase of 1.
Danish,- residents 12S, Increase of 11;
firms 4, lncreasa of 1.
Spanish, residents 448, increase of 63;
firms 9. increase of 5.
Swedish and Norwegian, residents- 244,
increase of 41; firms 2. increase of 2.
Russian, residents 1621, increase of 1436;
flrm3 19. increase of 3.
Austrian, residents 90. decrease of 2;
firms 5. no change.
Belgian, residents 234, increase of 63;
firms 9. no change.
Italan. residents 124, decrease of 17; firms
9, no change.
Japanese, residents 2440, increase of 746;
firms 195, increase of 81.
Portuguese, residents 1423, Increase of
339; firms 10, decrease of 10. . .
Korean, residents 42, increase of 2; no
firms.
Non-treaty powers, residents 29, Increase
of 2; no firms.
New York TMbune.
THE PIONEER BANK— J. J. S.. city.
The Pioneer Bank, generally known as
"Duncan's Bank," closed Its doors Octo
ber 8, IS7T. This department is not aware
that Joseph C. Duncan, who was at the
head of the bank at the time of Its failure
was drowned. - -
THE CENSUS— A Subscriber, City. If
there has been any error tn regard to the
census taken In your house, address a
communication to Professor C. C. Plehn,
the suDervisor of *>>• census for. this dla-
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
When Lord Salisbuiy sneered away a suggestion
that the representatives of the powers had been mas
sacred in the Chinese capital he had at least one con
solation. He was not in Peking.
American troops* have again fallen to death **on
oriental soil. The murder of the American marines
in China may serve as one of the lessons of the mean
ing of an open door to the Orient.
Washington naval authorities are undecided as
to which of two types of battleships to award the
palm of superiority. It is to be hoped that both will
stand the test of any foe.
The situation in China has. by common consent of
the powers, reversed the old adage that no news is
good news. In this world crisis no news is emphati
cally the worst news.
It is believed Bryan will not have to make use of
?ny halters at Kansas City; he has got the colts so
hypnotized they will stand without hitching.
Oom Paul has the satisfaction of knowing he is
keeping his capital circulating faster than that of any
other potentate on the globe.
Richard Croker is among us again and insists that
the Mayor of New York must not be considered
guilty of official corruption in connection with the
ice trust until proof be submitted. In the light of re
cent developments it would be interesting to know
what Croker considers proof.
.The effort of some Virginia Democrats to start a
boom for Senator Daniel. as a Presidential candidate
may be accounted a movement in Virginia, but at
Kansas City it won't amount to a wiggle.
Marching along to the graveyard of Bryanism the
Democrats' are whistling to keep their courage up and
some of them trying to start a tune that will carry
Indiana.
The time has come when. the political spell-bindcs
and the metaphor-makers will ¦ hold the national -ear
and ¦ make the mind ' grow dizzy with wild flights of
oratory,;
Secretary of the Navy Long says that what we
need in China is men, not ships. This may be taken
ap an authoritative announcement that whatever else
our navy can do it cannot go overland.
It is little wonder that Sousa's ragtime melodies
have become a popular rage in Paris. The French
have talked long enough with their hands to welcome
a diversion with their feet.
Uncle Sam is still hot after the Sultan of Turkey
for that indemnity money. It.might be easier in the
end to loan the Turk the money with which to pay
the debt. .
It is asserted that the orchard men of the fruit belt
of Central New York have found out they can rid
their trees of allkinds of pests by the simple expe
dient of having a brass band march round the
orchard playing ragtime melodies; and now we catt
form some sort of estimate as to what kind of bands,
or liars, they have in that section.
WHITE AND BLUE PIQUE DRESS.
This toilet is in white and blue striped
pique. The bolero bodice is hemmed with
strips of pique, placed side by side slant
wise with the edge of the bolero. There is
a collarette of white guipure mounted
with black satin. The front Is in white
batiste, striped with entre deux of Valen
ciennes. The draped waistband Is of black
satin and the lower part of the sleeves in
guipure, with a wristband of pique, out
lined with black satin. The skirt is trim
med with strips of pique placed slantwise.
The Call does not hold Itself responsible for
the opinions published In this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of general Interest.
Editor Call: A short time ago there ap
peared in one of our evening papers an
article titled "Scouting in South Africa."
In this article there was quoted from a
little book written by the hero of Mafe
king tho following: "Scouting one day In
Matabeleland I discovered the spoor of
a party of women and boys, and following
it found a leaf. There were no trees nearer
than a village fifteen miles away, whence
the tracks seemed to lead. The leaf
smelled of beer. This signified that it had
been used with others to stop the mouth
of a pot of beer and had blown away."
He goes on to say that the wives of Boer
soldiers are accustomed to carry beer to
their lords and masters and that he soon
fbund the party of Boers in such a state
of Intoxication that he could easily flnd
out what he wanted.
According to this famous scout and hero
the Boer women carried a pot of beer
large enough to intoxicate a party of Boer
soldiers, as he designates them. As a
former resident of this country I wish to
say that there are no leaves in Matabe
land large enough to cover such beer pots,
and although the Dutch and Germans are
supposed to drink beer continually, the
Boers do not use beer and do not know
how to make it. But the point the hero
scout is trying to make is that the Boer
women are brutes and that the Boers
themselves are drunken sots, and when
speaking about lords and masters he tries
to convey the idea that the husbands of
the Boer ladies treat their wives as slaves.
To judge from these extracts of this
book the contents could only be digested
by jingo Englishmen. ¦ Anglomanlacs and
English boys under 10 years of age. When
in the beginning of the war the Boers
went through Bechuanaland to round up
the cattle of the chartered company (the
only source of revenue the company has
with which to pay a dividend on a capital
of £27,000,000) the heroic Baden-Powell, in
stead of defending that property, crawled
like a rat In a hole in Mafeking, thereby
exposing the women and children of that
place to starvation, and only when a su
perior force from two fides arrived did
he dare to show himself. Now he is es
tablished as a hero all over the world by
the versatile English war correspondents,
while to those who know South Africa
and the people of that country Baden-
Powell appears from his book on "Scout
ing" as a contemptible cur and not as a
gentleman, and a brave officer, and as a
coward from his record so far in, this war.
L. K. P. VAN BAGGEN.
San Francisco. June 29, 1900.
SCOUTING IN aOUTH AFRICA.
CALIFORNTANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 29.-R. J. Davis of
San Francisco is at the Buckingham;
Alfred C. Raas of San Francisco is at the
Savoy; Herbert Carolan of San Francisco
is at the Hoffman.
A DISAPPOINTED FAKER
VILE as has been the course of the Examiner
for many a year, it has rarely ever shown its
spite in a meaner way than it did yesterday in
its tlaunts and sneers at Judge Bahrs in commenting
upon his decision in the Fresno rate case. Evidently
the Examiner desired the Judge to give a decision in
favor of the Southern Pacific Company in order that
it might have a chance to use it as a part of the am
munition it intends to employ in the coming cam
piign. The decision, being in favor of the law and
the people, left the Examiner no opportunity to make
political capital out of it, and in a freak of spite the
yellow journal turned upon the Judge. Having no
grounds for attack, it set about inventing them.
Falsehood was substituted for fact, and the Judge,
instead of being commended, was held up for public
scorn.
By way of making cut a case against the court the
Examiner said: "Judge Bahrs assigned the case to
himself. It should have been heard and decided
within a week. But after holding it for months Judge
Bahrs has found himself, like the Railroad Commis
sion, unable to uphold the company, and has issued
the injunction prayed for by the Attorney General."
The statement that the Judge found himself unable
to uphold the company carries with it the insinuation
that he would have upheld the company had he been
able to do so. and is worth noting as an Illustration
of the Examiner's method of suggesting lies it is
afraid to tell. However, there are a good many lies
it is not afraid to print, and one of them is contained
in the assertion that the case was held by the Judge
for months The case was submitted to Judge Bahrs
on May 31 and was decided on June 27. Thus it
was held not for month?, but for less than one month.
Under the law the Judge had ninety days in which to
give decision, and the decision was given in less than
thirty.
The charge of the Examiner is, however, more
unjust than appears on the surface. Since the case
was submitted Judge Bahrs has held court in two de
partments, and therefore has had an extra pressure
of business upon him. The case as submitted con
tained upward of seventy-five citations, each of which
had to be examined in the interests of justice, and the
work consequently could not be hurriedly done.
Finally, as an evidence of a desire to give the deci
sion as promptly as Mas commensurate with the care
due to its importance, it is to be noted the Judge ad
vanced it ahead of fifteen other important cases on
the calendar. Here, then, in the record is ample
proofthat Judge Bihrs. so far from trying to hold
the case back, actually did all in his power to hasten
it. and. in fact, did hasten it to such an extent that the
promptness of the decision is one of the features of
the case which most merits public commendation.
In the «cope of the politics of a free country there
must be room for the foulness of foul minds to vent
itself. There must be sewers to carry off the ordure
of the city, and there must be an Examiner to serve
2s a conduit for the ordure of Democratic politics.
Still the sewerf are not left open to the air, nor is it
permitted to any one to spatter the filth of them
upon the public. So it should not be permitted to the
Examiner to vent its dirty politics upon clean men.
What has been done in this mean assault against
Judge Bahrp is a warning of what may be expected
during the whole course of the coming campaign, and
it is therefore well to direct public attention to the
offense at once, so that the community may be on
guard hereafter.
THE NEW DIPLOMACY.
CHINA has agreed that American Consuls may
communicate directly with provincial Viceroys
in regard to the protection of foreigners, with
the assurance that as long as a Viceroy will see that
tney are not molested foreign troops will not be
landed in his province.
The Viceroy of Shantung has notified foreigners
dwelling inland that he cannot protect them.
There is no question of the wisdom of this arrange
ment to have direct communication, without the
roundabout appeal to the central government. But
while we are present with an armed force in China
to protect Americans and other foreigners there, and
are killing and being killed, taking potluck with pot
shots with the other Christian powers, it is highly
desirable that we show ourselves at home thoroughly
devoted to the principle we are shooting into China.
There are places in this country where Chinese are
not tolerated. To appear means death to them. This
antipathy to Asiatic foreigners extends to the Japan
ese. On the same day that we shot our way into
Tientsin neck and neck with the British two hundred
Americans at Keswick, Cal., expelled twenty-five
Japanese laborers from that vicinity, under threat of
slaughter and penalty, of death if they return to fin
ish the work they had agreed to do.. Is the Governor
of California, like the Governor of Shantung, unable
to protect foreigners inland in this. State? Is the rule
of consular communication double-ended and recip
rocal, and should the Japanese Consul appeal directly'
to the Governor of- California and land troops here :f
he fail to protect these foreigners? * : •
These Asiatics are intensely disliked here. Doesit
not occur to us that Americans and other Caucasian
foreigners are just as intensely disliked in China?
Racial prejudice is a mutual aversion. How can we
expect genial friendship and affection from the
Asiatics in their country when we make no effort to
hide our hatred of them in our country?
In the worldwide hurly-burly that holds the center
of the stage just now the Keswick incident is likely to
escape notice. But we note it as a sign of the times.
We were first to warn the country that such scenes
would occur as the result of admitting Japanese to this
State. It was inevitable. Now what will be done
about it? Does our Government intend to furnish an
army to protect every gang of Japanese and Chinese
laborers? If it do not, then we should at once with
draw our troops from China and cease insisting that
that Government must give armed protection to
Americans within its jurisdiction. It will be seen
that the issue raised is one of race distinction and
classification. It is far-reaching. When it was raised
by Mr. Richardson and Senator Short in The Call a
few months since, in discussing our racial contacts in
the Philippines, no one dreamed that it would have
such a speedy and startling illustration.
THE SCAVENGER CfJRTS AGAIN.
WHEN The Gall some time ago made an expo
sure of the extent to which the scavengers of
the city violated the law requiring them to
have a proper cover upon their carts and wagons, a
pronfise was made of immediate reform. The police
at the time made several arrests, and it was believed
the nuisance and the menace to health of carrying the
refuse of the city through the streets in open vehicles
would be permanently abated. It now appears the
promise has been unfulfilled, and the popular expecta
tion of reform has been disappointed. The scaven
gers, like so many other violators of law who are
confronted with a demand for its enforcement, simply
made a seeming compliance at the time and then
waited for the storm to blow over so that they could
resume the old offense. *
Such being the condition of affairs, it is gratifying
that Chief Sullivan has resolved to permit no further
delay in the enforcement of the law. lie has issued
an order to the police that beginning on Monday,
July 2, the ordinances, and orders of the city relating
to the subject "are to be strictly and rigidly enforced."
The order declares: "All wagons used in the trans
portation of garbage must be lined with zinc, sheet
iron or other metallic substance" and shall be water
tight; and the covers must be of oiled canvas and be
securely fastened at all times, except when garbage
is being put into the carts, and must be on whether
the carts are loaded or empty."
There are about 300 scavenger wagons in the city,
and it is estimated that more than 100 of them have
not been fitted in accordance with the law. More
over, even among those that have been provided with
covers there is still a tendency to evade the purpose
of the law. Thus the Chief states in his order: "I
have noticed of late wagons going through the streets
and from appearances it would indicate that on the
garbage they had placed barrels extending above the
top of the wagon, over which they placed the covers.
This must not be. permitted. The top of the barrel
must not at any time extend above the top of the
wagon."
The evils resulting from this particular violation of
law hardly need to be pointed out. The odors
emanating from uncovered scavenger wagons pass
ing along the streets are among the worst offenses
that can be committed against a decent community,
but there is, furthermore, a serious danger to health
in permitting refuse, which frequently contains dis
ease germs, to be openly exposed to the air that
thousands of people breathe. All of these evils are
well understood, and there will be a cordial approval
of the actions of the police in enforcing the law by
the arrest of every offender seen upon the streets.
Tory for the party in this city by acting- promptly, but if they neglect this opportunity
they will have a hard battle before them to cleanse the organization of the dishonest ele
ments the bosses will put into it. Remember, this is the last day.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. D. Smith of Napa is at the Cali
fornia.
William G. Gosslin, a well known at
torney of Portland, Or., is at the Occi
dental.
John C. White, an old and respected
citizen and merchant of Marysville, is a
guest at the LJck.
Mary S. Hampton, a missionary as
signed for work at Hakodate, Japan, is
a guest at the Occidental. .
Colonel A. K. Whitton of San Jose Is at
the California, and Attorney H. L. Part
ridge of the same city is there also.
L. A. Bachelder, who has been United
States Vice Consul at Auckland, Nevi
Zealand, came up yesterday on the
steamer Moana and is at the Occidental
with his wife. They are going to theli
old home in Salem,* Mass.
James S. Manley, Chief Deputy Clerk
and Court Commissioner for the United
States District Court, left last evening
with his family on a visit to his mother
in Augusta, Maine. Mr. Manley is a
brother of Joseph Manley, Republican
National Committeeman for Maine. Clerk
Manley will be absent about a month.
Mr. Manley has not been East for four
teen years.
This is the last day when enrollment will be permitted prior to the organization of
the clubs! Those who wish to take part in the election of officers in these clubs must en
roll their names to-day or this evening, if they have not already done so. To-morrow it
will be too late. A word to the wise is sufficient. Honest Republicans can assure- vic-
trlct. University of California, Berkeley.
Alameda County. A census enumerator
can only record the information he re
ceives in reply to questions he is author
ized to ask. lie has no means of knowing
if the information given him Is correct cr
not.
MONROE DOCTRINE-C. TV. G..
W rights, Cal. As popularly understood,
the Monroe doctrine meant a political
protection and a guarantee of freedom
from European interference to all States
of North and South America.
NO PREMIUMS— A. C. G.. City. No
premium is offered by dealers for a 1-cent
piece of ISIB or one of ISI9, nor for a half
cent piece of 1534. nor for a flying eagle
cent. As you do not state the denomina
tion of the English copper coins you ask
about this department cannot state their
value.
MINER'S INCH-E. 11. M., Poplar. Cal.
A miner's inch is defined as "the amount
of water which will pass through an
opening one inch square under a pressure
of six inches." This unit is peculiar to
the Western States, used not only for min
ing purposes, but wherever it is desired to
measure the amount of water distributed
for irrigation. The average discharge
from such an opening, railed a module, is
l*s cubic feet per minute. In the various
States from California to Colorado there
|3 some slight variation. In California It
is from J.2i) to 1.76 cubic feet per minute,
according to arbitrary rule adopted. For
example, at Smartsville. Yuba County, an
orifice 4 Inches square and 23i> Inches lons
with a head 7 inches above the top of the
ori/lce Is said to furnish 100 miner's Inches.
In Montana a vertical rectangle an inch
deep Is generally used with a head of four
Inches, and the number of Inches la said
to be the same as the number of inches
In the rectangle.
PITCAIRN ISLANt>— H. R., Miller.
Cal. Pltcalrn Island, at the southeast
corner of the great Polynesian archipei
agr>, received its name from an officer of
that name, who first sighted It In 1767.
while on a voyage with Carteret. In 17K>
the British ship Bounty, under command
of Lieutenant Bligh. R. N., sailed from
Tahiti with a large number of tropical
trees for the West Indies. aji<s a few
weeks after the sailing twenty-five of trie
crew mutinied. Bligh, together witr«
eighteen men who refused to join the mu
tineers, was put in a boat and set adrift,
being furnished with provisions. The mu
tineers returned to Tahiti, when Fletcher
Christian Induced alight of the sailors, six
native men and twelve native women to
put to sea again. They made their way
to Pitcairn- Island, took possession of it
and established a colony. To destroy all
traces of their locality, they burned tho
vessel. Ldeutenant Blieh and his men
reached the Island of Timor in safety.
Christian and his companions were no*.
discovered until ISOS.
SATURDAY.'. JUNE 30, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKEIS, Proprietor.
Aeid»ess A'l Communica ions to W. S. LEAKE. Mara~er
MANAGER'S WF*CJ^jij.^^J?l*?} i ™Z?SV?L^
PCBMCATIOX OFFICE.. Market and Third. S. F.
Trlrphone Pre«« 201.
EDITORIAL K00M3....217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Preum 202.
Ocllrrrrd tor Currtem. 15 Cent" Vr-r W>«U.
Stnsle Coplea, 5 Cent*.
Term* !»> Mail. Including Postages
DAILT CALL <lncludln* Sunday), on* y»»r -V i««8
DAILT CALL. <Jnrlu<J»n» ¦Pundar). * months J-J*>
DAILY CALL «lncludJc«- Sunday). 1 month* »•?">
PAU.Y CALL-By Single Month «*g
BUN OAT CALL One Y«ar *m
WEKKLT CALL On. Tear — Log
All raitaulen mr* «iittiori»ed to recelT*
« : ¦übocriptlons.
SaspU ecpies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall rabacriber* In ordering chant* of address should be
particular to «1v» both NEW AND OLD ADDHESS In order
to insure » prompt and correct cotnr'i'nce with their request.
OAIi.LA.VD OFFICE ....11X8 Broadwaj
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Adverthlng. Marquette Building. Chicago.
(Lent Dlcttnm Telephone ""Central 28M.">
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON .- Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO KEW3 STANDS:
Ecerznao H«ro»e; f t . O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria. Hotel; A. Brtnlaao, tl Union Square;
Murray Htll Hotel.
WASHINGTON !D. C\ OFFICE Wellington Hote.
MCRTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
OB *\PH OFFICE*— £I7 Montgomery, corner of Cay. cpen
cntfl •:» o'clock. SX> Hayes, open until 9:SO o'clock. 63S
McAllister, open until S:3O o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
»:S0 o'clock. JMI Mission, open until 10 o'clock. J»l Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 10H Valencia, open
until » o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW cor
ner Twenty-aeeond and Kentncfcr. open until • o'clock.
TRY THE NEW BAIT, COLONEL.
—New York World.
WE TAKE it for granted that all good Republicans desire to win for the party a
complete victory in this-city and county. That desite 1 tends' to the welfare of the
city as well as oi the Republican party, and is therefore ' shared by independent']
citizens. Businessmen know that the Republican party stands not only for national
prosperity, but for good local government, and therefore outside of strictly partisan con
siderations it is eminently desirable the Republican party should win.
To attain that end it is now important and almost absolutely necessary that busi
ness men, professional men and workingmeVi of the Republican party should enroll them
selves in the Republican clubs which, under the direction of the Central Committee, are
now being organized in the various Assembly districts. Those clubs will nominate dele
gates to he voted for at the primaries, and it is hardly necessary to point out to intelligent
men that the delegates so nominated will have a great advantage over any who may be
Here, then, is the situation. The club delegates will win certainly in a majority of
the districts. They will control the convention and through it will come into possession
of the party and hold it until the next municipal campaign. Therefore, should
the Kelly and Crimmins gang get control of the clubs they will have a long start toward
getting control of the party machinery, and will have a potent voice; if not a dominant
one, in forming- the next municipal ticket. Thus the issue involves not only the nomin
ations for Congressmen and legislators in this campaign, but municipal nominations
later on.
It is a foregone conclusion that the people will not elect Republican nominees if
they be nominated by a convention under control of saloon-keepers. That means we
shall have a continuance of the Democratic regime of unswept and unlighted streets, no
public improvements and that bubonic Board of Health whose senseless quarantine has
lost to the trade of San Francisco millions of dollars.
Thus it will be seen that the control of the Republican district clubs is a matter of
critical importance to good citizens and to honest Republicans. Now, there is only one
way to control them in the interest of honest politics, and that is for the better class of
Republicans to join them, so as to be able tojelect officers when the time comes for organ
izing them. If the better elements of the party do not join the clubs they will have none
but themselves to blame when disaster comes, as it surely will come should ' Kelly and
Crimmins triumph.
©ire S^lllp GalL
LfiST DAY pOR ENROLLMENT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 30, 1900.
6
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
Will C!ose Their Store
Shreve & Company
KEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARXT AND WASHINGTON. STS.-BE-
raodeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. &0c to SI M day:
J5 to $s week; JS to *20 month. Free baths: bet
and coM water every room: fire rratea la every
room; elevator runs all nJstu
Tommy's Pep— Vulgar ostentation, my
son, is the display made by people who
have more money to do it with than we
have ourselves. — Indianapolis Journal.
Tommy— Pop, what Is vulgar ostenta-
tion?
HIS DEFINITION.
TTse Dr. Sleg-ert's Angostura Bitters to atimu-
late the appetite and keep the digestive orgar.j
In order. «
Mr. Jones— Why. for you to buy a
49-cent stepladder and keep me home
frr>n> »"isineas to hold it for you.— Chicago
Record.
Mrs. Jones— "What do you mean?
Mr. Jones— This is very poor economy.
Special * information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. ™ * t
81 Fourth at. (front of barber and gro-
cery), best eye-glasses, specs, 10 to 40c. •
Cal. glace fruit 30c per H> at Townsend's.*
Columbia— "Mill* Hobbs."
California— "A Milk White Fla«."
Tlvcli— "The Geisha."
Alcazar— "Sarho."
Orr.h<»urn— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— '-Children of the Ghetto." Morviay.
July :.
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer"* — "The Hucuenot*."
Recreation Fark— Baseball.
Smro Path?— Open nlEhtt.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Market and Post Streets.
June 30th to September ist
and other business days
At 5 P. M. v
3 P. M. on Saturdays
atUkase Calls Upon All Loyal Subjects to Reclaim the Hour
Stolen by the Traitor Care and Rip the Imperial
City of Stockton Wide Open.
LEWIS, MAD MERRY MONARCH,
ANNOUNCES ROYAL REIGN OF REVEL
RECEPTION IN HONOR
OF MRS. EMA GETT
Native Sons and Daughters Greet the
-* New Grand President in the
Crocker Art Gallery.
Ppoelal Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. June 2?.— The Crocker
Art Gallery was the scene to-n^ght of one
of the most brilliant events In 'social cir
cles for months past, the occasion being
the reception held by Callfia Parlor. >Ta
tive Daughters of the Golden West, in
honor of Mrs. Etna Gett, the new grand
president and a former president of
Califia Parlor. Over 1500 invitations had
been issued and the art gallery and Il
luminated grounds were filled with guest?.
Mrs. Gett was Introduced by Miss Belle
Johnson, president of Callfia Parlor, and
she was assisted In receiving by Mayor
Clark, Albert Elkus, president of Sunset
Parlor, Native Sons; T. M. Robbins, pres
ident of Sacramento Parlor, Native Sons,
and by the past presidents of Califla Par
lor, Miss May Terry, Mrs. li. B. Brecken
feld, Mrs. L. \V. Nickell. Mrs. Taubner
Goethe. Miss- Inie M. Gillis, Mrs. F. D.
Ilyan, Miss Ella McCleery, Mr*. W. S.
I^eake, Mrs. Walter W. Greer, Miss Hattie
Bell, president of La Bandera Parlor, and
Miss Tillie Brogan, president of Sutler
Parlor, also assisted the grand president
In welcoming the arriving guests-
An orchestra was stationed Inside the
building and another on the lawn. A fine
musical programme was presented and
d.incinj? followed. The floral decorations
were of exquisite beauty and the scene
at the art gallery when the reception was
at its height was one not poon tt) be for
gotten. It marked the culmination of a
series of entertainments arranged In
honor of Mrs. Gett since her elevation to
the highest. office in the order and was in
the fullest sense a social success! '
Finley Again Arreated.
Special Dispatch to The Call
TUCSON, Ariz., June 29.— Sam Flnley
was again arrested to-night upon four in
dictments made by the Grand .Jury at
Tombstone. His arrest is In' connection
with the Jail break of Alvord, Stiles and
Bravo Juan. Finley was RrresV^d last
week on a charge of assault .with Intent
to kill, but the case did not come up for
trial, as the prosecution claimed that
Billy Stiles, a fugitive, must be secured
first to testify. Flnley was released on
bail, and his arrest to-night was a sur
prise to the officers here. Finley says
that it is persecution, that they want to
keep him in jail .to make him talk., but
claims that- he knows nothing of the
whereabouts of the fugitives. He will be
taken to Tombstone to-morrow. The war
rants charge. him. with:attempt to murder,
bribery, intimidating witnesses and com
plicity with train robbers.
BANDS OF CREPE
SUPPLANT CLASS COLORS
Novel Feature of Graduating Exer
cises at the Los Angeles
High Gchool.
Special Di«natch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, June 29.— Although the
present graduating class of the Los An
geles High School to-night received- Its
diplomas at Hazard's Pavilion In the pres
ence of thousands of enthusiastic friends
commencement week, usually so full of
festive scenes, has been turned into a sea
pon of enforced mourning. During the
pact week the graduates have worn bands
of crepe instead of flaunting the class col
ors and making merry in singing class
songs. The presentation of class pins also
was performed In silence and carried a
funereal aspect. •
All this somberness has arisen from the
efforts of severaj somebodies, still un
known, who in an evil moment painted
and daubed the floors, walls and scenery
of the main floor of the Hlgn School a
brlßht red. Detectives who for three days
have labored to find the culprits to-night
reported their Inability to discover the
red paint artists.
Drank Carbolic Acid.
STOCKTON, June 29.— The body of an
unknown man was found on Independent*
square this morning by passers-by. He
was lying face downward In the grass.
Deceased was about 35 years of age, 5
feet 9 Inches high, with, reddish brown
hair, a short, sandy mustache and full,
round features. . Ho wore, a black cutaway
coat, brown vest and light drab panta
loons, No valuables were found upon him,
but a small note book was found near
him. The autopsy reveals the fact that
the man drank carbolic add. An empty
ounce bottle which had contained the
poison was found a short distance from
the body. It Is believed to be a case of
suicide.
Reduction Works Burned.
SOLOMONVILLE, Ariz.. June 29,-At
noon to-day the reduction works of the
Detroit Copper Company at Morencl,
Ariz., caught tire and the entire plant was
consumed. The works consisted of a 150
ton concentrator, smelter furnaces and
converters. The fire will throw a -large
number of men temporarily out of em
ployment. ' . '
Belief Corps .Entertains.
SANTA CRUZ, June 29.— The Woman's
Relief Corps had charge of the pro
gramme at Camp Wallace Reynolds to
day. The camp was visited by Mrs. Eliz
abeth d'Arcy. Kinne. -pasf national presi
dent, and Mrs. Geraldine Frisbie. past de
partment president. -This evening there
was a camj) fire In the assembly tent. . A
pood musical and literary programme was
enjoyed. : . ¦¦.---,.
of Queen Genevieve and the one previous
to the appearance of the King Pin, Not
much of the glory, but certainly agree
able to- Stocktonians. as it gave them the
opportunity to rest and prepare for the
wild times that are promised after 4
o'clock to-morrow, when all faces will b%
hidden behind concealing visors and the
multi-colored confetti will cover the
streets. All this Is to be climaxed with
a qpstume ball. After that— well, that ia
for time to say.
Surprises Promised.
One feature of the ball at the pavilion
will be a burlesque on the coronation of
the Queen. Some of the wags of the town
have come together and prepared a bur
lesque on Queen Genevieve's Investiture.
This is said to be very funny and much
V* expected of it. Other special features
are promised, surprises. ?o they say, foi
all but the initiated. .Whatever they ar«»
the holiday humor of the. crowd will in
sure a full appreciation and applause.
Hot air — the real thing, not the gaseous
substance that flatters the soul— has
camped upon Stockton, and its thirst-pro
voking potentialities have been instru
mental In producing an alcoholic veil
through which the fair is looked at to its
greatest advantage.
All Stockton, the male portion of it, has
taken to gin-rickeys, just to keep cool
and comfortably moist. The expectancy
of the morrow has something to do with
this.
The life to-night has been along the
midway, where the grotesque and wonder
ful that are not so wonderful draw the
crowds. Here is the noise anJ excitement
of the off days oi the fair. Free street
Social Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. June 29.— T0-morrow
will be the day of all days cf the
Stockton Street Fair for gayety and
ur.trammeled merriment will be
•Jim let loose in the person of King
Pin I^ewis the First. If the dayS
programme follows out the proclamation
of the fantastic king, the streets of
Stockton will be slippery to-morrow
night.
This U« what the King Pin has to say
for himself: "*¦
Oyei! Oyez! Oy^z! Oyex'.
Lewis, by the grace of Comus, li •& Mon
arch of Mlfrule; Titular, Tintinnabulary »nd
Tttallatir.e Tyrant of the Tran«cendant; Vin
ous Vagrant and Vehement Vie*-R«?£«>nt of
Var^b"*"-dia; Comic and Cajrchinnatory Caique
of <>.<-Sac and Primeval Potema\£ of Joyous
Anarchy, to ovr brother sovereigns, to our
well beloved nebW. barons and knigh».< and
to our faithful and well affected vassals and
vasa'.ines hello*. In this our last royal <".!«
order, do we proclaim, promultate and pio
nrifcr.re that to-morrow night it will b? our
r*?ral £>!easuT-e to assume the diadem of Co
muf, th* iridofCKt robes of Royalty and the
frC*:iPr of Pomer.
And we <J,i command you to rouse, rout and
revel thrcujrh'jut the length and breadth of
otir r^yal d^me^ne, to rip our imperial city
wide open, to successfully put our well beloved
Os'-tac cnthe bum. and to institute a Saturn
alia which will make ancient Rome look like
French Camp on a Sunday afternoon.
Arid we. to fittingly c«-iebrat» this, the com
mencement of our royal sway and confer upon
our vie'.ble subj'^cts a boon worthy of this su
preme event, .do further proclaim that our
royal astronomers and horolopes have recent
ly discovered that the scurvy and arch traitor.
Csre. during the usurpation of our sway and
royal prerogatives by him. did maliciously and
without right deprive each and several of our
mfcjects of not less than one hour of their
live*, and now it is our royal pleasure to re
wXsjt* the hours unto you. and In nrder that ye
may receive It, we command ye to turn back
at the hour of 8 in the evening; of our coro
nation all clocks, dials, watches, chronometers,
clepitydpa*. *and plaF^es. sun dials and \Vat»r
luiTi. public and private, wheresoever found,
and we do proclaim that durtr-y the contin
uance cf our gracious and gyratory reign, this
amended and corrected time shall be the only
true, cfficla! and hot old time of our realm.
.Arid we do further proclaim that the na
tional antb«»m cf cur rea.!n». "What tell dg
w* rare," phall be sunK onlr to and at our
royal, rr.u'tltudirrus and effulgent self, and
that any churlish' and trait&rcu* varlet who
f-hcll f'.nr the i*atte at cr to any of our cub-
shows have their following, but the great
bulk of people pass their time In front of
the singing sisters, muscle dancers, won
drous snake eaters and all that tribe of
marvels.
This afternoon was qui,et as far as the
celebration went. Queen Gtnevieve. at
tended by her royal suite, all in court
costume, arrived at the plaza Just in time
to review the street sports held In front
of the grand stand. There was not quite
so much color and flamor to the second
appearance of her Majesty. The heavy
costumes In which the suite was clothed
and the royal purple and ermine of the
Queen were conducive to a liberal flow
of persplrcrWon, which entailed a general
mopping of brows. But the Queen's pop
ularity is not yet on the wane. In the
evening she made her third appearance
before a crowded grand stand and the
populace was alive to th» presence of
royalty once again. Country sports and
pastimes, were the entertainment fur
nished the people this evening.
A parade of the concession occupants
was to be the principal feature of the
evening's programme, but a hitch pre
vented. There was general good nature
exhibited this evening and plenty of Jol
lying by the crowd. The band, augmented
by additional pieces, gave a concert, after
which the crowd took to the concessions
again.
The people of Stockton do not peek bed
at an early hour these nights. They ar«
making the best of. the fair, and midnight
finds the streets aglow with lights and
pulsating with life.
The evenings in Stockton are nothing
more or less than perfect.' climatically
speaking. They invite carnival pastimes.
jects and especially and not excepting our
fair consort, shall be fcuilty of high treason.
And e* peelally and above all we do comm
and and reiterate that all our liege and friv
olous and fairies shall appear in
bizarre, bewildering and becoming attire and
carefully conceal their visare? behind masque*.
unil«>r penalty of being: tickled by our Im
prlsl Bearer of the Triple-Eyed Peacock's
Feather into ppasms of mirth and loyalty: that
at our royai ball none shall unmask under pen
a!t»- of being compelled to wear their true and
Improper faces for the remainder and entire
of their natural live*. That it is r>ur gracious
pleasure to command our royal Master of the
Hobes to supply cur hot aerated subjects with
ma?>qufi# and robes for a nominal consideration.
at his bureau at number ISO, on the Main
Ptteet of o".r royalty.
Lonjr live the Kins! *
Witness cur hand and royal seal— l^ewis. R.
I>one this 29th day of June, in the year of
our Lord IS*"*, and of our Illustrious reign the
first, at our royal palace of Caci&c.
The Worst Expected.
Never before has this etald town ot
Stockton been Introduced to such a rag
time of words and the worst is expected.
By order of the Klnp, who will taste a
few hours of circumscribed authority, all
Stocktonlans. visitors and "foreigners on
the soil, are ordered to appear in mask.
And they will do it. too. Stockton will be
a pay city to-morrow evening with Its
thousands "of revelers*, merrymakers and
feasters in ncise. The streets will ring
with a medley of shouts and banter.
From far and near .visitors will pour Into
the eitv. determined to make the mosv
of a few days' stay. Satisfaction will be
their portion unless all plans, prepared
with the utmost care, fall to the ground.
These are some of the bands of people
who will reach Stockton to-morrow.
From San Francisco an excursion train
will arrive at noon. The lone Reform
School band will be here In the morning.
Two excursions from Sacramento, one
the Klkn the other the Chamber of Com
merce are scheduled for appearance In
the afternoon. Besides this there will be
another special from Sonora. On Monday
the San Joaauin Valley will send its
contingent by way of the Santa Fe route.
This influx will arrive in time for the
great ribbon parade which is to be the
spectacular event of the eight days'
show Then apain every boat from San
Francisco drops loads of human freight
into the city, so it is no wonder that
Stockton's streets are crowded.
This day will fro down in the history ot
the fair as the: day after the coronation
SCENES ON THE MIDWAY AT STOCKTON'S STREET FAIR.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, June 29.— Great anxiety Is
felt here as to the safety of Mrs. H. C.
Hoover of this city, who is now in Tien
tsin, China. Mrs. Hoover is the eldest
daughter of Charles D. Henry of this
city, cashier of the Bank of Monterey,
and went to China with her Jiusband
about eighteen months ago. Mr. Hoo
ver is chief engineer In the Imperial
Department of Mines of China. He and
his wife are probably safer than the ma.
Jority of foreigners now in China because
they are under the direct protection of
Chang Yen Mow, Imperial Director Gen
eral of Mines, and one" of the most pow
erful officials of 'the Government, but as
nothing has been heard from them' her©
since matters became so very bad in
Tientsin Mrs. Hoover's parents feel very
uneasy. The last news received from
them was a cablegram dated at Tientsin
June £G, and signed by George Wilson,
Mr. Hoover's assistant, stating that Mr.
and Mrs. Hoover were safe at that time.
Further news is eagerly awaited, for Mrs.
Hoover is a great favorite in Monterey.
Mrs. Hoover is a graduate of Stanford
University of the class of '9S, and is on*
of the few women on this coast that has
taken a degree In the Department of Geol
ogy. She was prominent in fraternal and
co-ed athletic circles at Stanford during
her fouf- years' residence In that Institu
tion and was a charter member of Stan,
ford Chapter of KappaJCappa Gamma So
ciety. She is also a graduate of the State
Normal School at San Jose. Her husband
is likewise a Stanford graduate, having
taken his degree as mining engineer in
'96.
After leaving the university he went to
Australia as consulting engineer for an
English mining company, and about two
years ago was appointed chief engineer
in the Imperial Department of Mines in
China, representing therein a large Eng
lish mining syndicate.
Mr. and Mrs. Hoover (who was Miss
Lou Henry before her marriage) were
married at Monterey in February. 189*,
and sailed at once for Tientsin, China,
where they have since resided, that being
the headquarters of the syndicate which
Mr. Hoover represents.
Her Husband, a Former Stanford
Man, Is Cldef Engineer of the
Imperial Department of
Mines in China.
Former Resident of That
City Who Is Now in
Tientsin.
A NXIETY IN
MONTEREY OVER
MRS. HOOVER
THE SAX- FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY^ JUKE 30, 1900.
7
1146 Market Street.
100 LADIES' CLOTH CAPES, in all the newest shades
and shapes, value for $7.50, sale price this ftt A A
day duiUU
Our entire stock of LADIES' TAILOR SUITS will
be offered at large reductions from actual values.
500 LADIES' COVERT CLOTH SKIRTS, Tailor-made,
regular value for $1.25, on sale this day at C Kfl
Qwu
FOR
THIS DAY!
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY, JTTXE 30.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony, 10c; chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
A BILt. BEYOND CRITICISM.
THE BEST OP THE SEASOX.
The Greatest Comedy Quartet in America.
The Four COHANS.
Presenting "THE GOVERNOR'S BON."
TODD FAMILY OP ACROBATS, CARRIXG-
TON, HOLLAND AND OALPIN,
¦ GILBERT AND GOI>DIE.
MUSICAL. DALE. SYDNEY PEASE. GRAPE-
WIN AND CHANCE.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
Another Sensational Success!
Crowded Houses Are Witnessing the Bevlval
of the Operatic Gem.
BVMY IVZNISG ALL HEXT WEES.
POPULAR PRICES— Kc and 50c
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 SHARP.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY,
in Jerome K. Jerome's Comedy,
"MISS HOBBS"
Next We»k— SEATS NOW READY.
HENRY ;v\ll-LER
And SPECIAL COMPANY In a Magnificent
Production of
"THE TREE OF KNOWLEDGE."
To be interpreted by a great cast.
' v
PHONE MAIN 532.
WALTER MOROSCO Man&ser
SEATS NOW ON SALE!
MONDAY EVENING NEXT, July 2d.
THE NEW RRAWLEY COMPANY
In Israel ZanrwUl's Play.
CHILDREN OF THE GHETTO
Holiday Matinee July 4. Regular Matinee
Saturday*.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Price-*— Orrhentra, "oc and II: Dress Circle,
•".0c: Family Circle, 15c; Gallery, 15c.
TO-DAY at 2:15 P. M. To-night at 8:15 O'clock.
LAST TIMES OF
A Milk White Flag
Commenc'.ngTO-MORnOW (SUNDAY) NIGHT,
SPECIAL MATINEE JL'LY 4TH.
DUNNE &. RYLEY'S ALL. STAR CAST.
Including
MATTHEWS AND BULGER, Mary Marble.
Norma Whalley. Louise Ounninsr. Maude Court- 1
ney. Walter Jones and thirty others In
HOYT'S Latest Farce.
"A DAY AND A NIGHT."
For the First Time In San Franclso.
LAFT TWO NIGHTS.
LAST^MATINEE TO-DAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY,
SAPHO !
SEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK.
FLORENCS ROBJRTS "CARMEN"
Fxtra Fourth of July Hatnes.
CHUTES and ZOO
. EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
The Celebrated Wilson Family.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
ARMY AND NAVY PARLOR N. S. G. W.
MONSTER~CAKEWALK
3O NEW STAHS.
Order Beats by Phone Parjc M.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
Last Week of the LAMBARDI OPERA QUAR-
TET AND SIG. ABRAMOFF In Scene* From
"THE HUGUENOTS." MABEL MARTIN.
Soprano, and Isabelle Underwood.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to XI p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN sc.
Bathing. Including Admission. ZSc. Children Kc.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "MenWcello."
MON., Tue».. Wed.. Thurs. and Bat. at 9:45
a. m.; 3:15. 8:J0 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, M:3* a. m., I
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
.FARE -... SC«.
who have been relieved of
painful menstruation by
Lydia E* Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound, are con-
stantly writing grateful
letters to Mrs* Plnkham*
Lydia E. Pinktuon's Vegetable Compound I
cured them* It always
relieves painful periods
and no woman who suf-
fers should be without
this knowledge*
Nearly all the Ills of
women result from some
derangement of the
female organism* Mrs*
Plnkham's great medl-
oine makes wont en
healthy f of this there Is
overwhelming proof*
Don't experiment* If
y6u suffer get this medi-
cine and got Mrs* Plnk-
ham's free advice* Her-
address is Lynn, Msss*
i DR. MEYERS & GO. |
; Diseases and Weakness of Men. !!
! Lirgest Medical Institute and Most Extensive >
Practice. Consultation Free. "
| 731 MARKET STREET. SAN FRANCISCO !
.Home Cures, f ealtd PriviU Booi. Tree. *
ofe CHICHESTER'G ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
B .-^""V ' Original and Only Ucinlne,
Jr J . /TPKvVBAF'I!* AlvtraniiaMa. Ladle*. uk Dnnirl
¦'/MU&Ssk-** CHICHESTEK'H- KNGLXSH
(r'-^W^Ala UEI» *d 4 Cold ueik.Ua t»i«.. .t.ltj
S?l&?3 «iUI« iUl bIM rtbb "ii «¦• ¦• •»!»•»•• Bef«»«
TO 9 <g<k »ya Pa^ftrom f*ub«tltutio»« and Imita*
I / W ti< ""' Bo 7 of yoif DrtigglJi. or trail 4«. la
t rf • t * B ?« fc . r . P*rt»*«l»r», Te.tlmonloU
VV* f? » od "Relief far Ladl«s,"<n i*nt, b? re.
-A. i/ turn Mall. lO.ODO T-.tlmooi«i». S»u tt
ifntloa thU paj«r. «»JU.i Da.aw> PMALA^ vZ
AMUSEMEUT&
BASEBALL!
Sacramento
•vs.
Oakland.
TO'DA V A T 3 P.M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 F*.M.
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN H'Y CO.
Lessee of San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway Company.
The Picturesque Route of California.
Special Rates
FOR THE
Fourth of July
On TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY,
July -3 and -*¦ .
Round-trip tickets will be sold from San Fran-
cisco to all points north of San Ra-
fael at the rate cf '
ONE SINGLE FARE
Xv fellows:
Petalama II Ofr Oeys«rrlH« %2 S3
Ss^ta Rosa I 50; Cloverdale »0O
SaTastopol l Mi Hopland * SO
Guerneville 2 50* Ukiah 4 ia
Windsor 1 95! Sonoma 1 CO
Healei*bur« 2 23! Glea Ellen 120
Lytton 2 40'
Return Lim!t. THURSDAY, July Sin. 1300.
On SATURDAY, SUNDAY, MONDAY,
June 30th. July Ist, July W. Round trip tlekets
will be «old trom San Francisco to all points
north of San Rafael at the following RE-
DUCED RATES:
Petaluma $1 59i GeyservlUa 13 S3
fc*nta Rosa 2 23 Cloverdale 4 SO
S^baetopol 2 70 Sonoma 1 s(>
Guem*vllle 3 75! Glen Ellen 1 *>
Windsor 2 K\ Hopland 800
Jtoldsburg- 2 it Uklah 5 00
Lytton S 6i>.
R*tnrn Limit. THfRSCAT. July sth. 1900.
For further Information apply at ticket office,
CO MARKET ST.. Chronicle building, or TIB-
UROX FERRT foot of Market »t. General
office. Mum! Life bulldlne. 232 Sansoroe at.
R. X. RYAN'. Gen'l Pass. Agent.
H. C. WHITING. Gen-ril Manager.
OCZAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Goast Steamship Co.
1. Steamers leave Broadway
&^ wharf, San Francisco:
fwhta^^ For Alas Wan i«'r'.9 — 11 a. m .
jijßgeg^ July 6. 10. 15. 20. 2.%. 31. Au-
rS^Jmt Ku«t 4. Thane* to company's
SLc?l\sCa steamera a* Seattle.
|fjS*\S^S 'Kill F ' c ' r Victoria. Vancouver iR.
fgwQ^SU C. :. Port Townsend. Seattle,
£^^w§snSW9 Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes.
Rntl N»w Whatcom fWa.«h.>—
11 a. m.. July 5. 10. IS. 20. 23.
30. August 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
Change' at Seattle to this company's uteamers
for Alaska arul G. X. R'y.: at Tacoma to N. P.
R'y. : at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humbolrtt Ba*~ lo a. m.. July
2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27, August 1. and every fifth
I day thereafter. ,
For Santa Cms, Monterey, Pan Slmenn. Cay-
ucoa. Port Harford tSan Luis Oblspo). Gat-lota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Ilueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los AniflesO and Xewport —
,9 a. m.. July 2. S. R 14. 1». 23. 2*. 30, August
3. and e\ery fourth day thereafter.
For San IMe^o. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo*. Santa Barbara. Port'
i Los Angeles and R^dnndo (Lea Angreles)— ll a
m.. July 4. 8. 12. IS. 21. 24. 2«. August 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magrtalena Bay. Pan Jose d»l
I Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guayiras (Mexico*— lo a. m., 7th of each
month.
j For further Information obtain company*
j folders. - ff ¦
The company reserves the right to chanirs
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKI.va & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market St.. Pan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. C(h
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
IFOiRTL^ISriD
From SDear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC $li f-irsi Cias» >nciudlng ttorth
I AnC S3 Second Clas» and Meal].
STATE OF CALIFORXIA *a!l«
July 2. 12. 22. Aug. 1
COLUMBIA sail* July 7. 17. 27, Aug. «
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butt»,
' lle'ena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
C3O Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
nW TOBZ. BCUTZABTTO*. LMDOS. MXU.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound 1 .
1 From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
1 St Louis July 4fft. Paul July It
I'Xew York July 11 St. Louis July 25
RED STA<* LINS.
N«W Yor(( aqd Antwtrv
From New York every Wednesday, 11 noen.
Kensington July «.Frles!and July It
Xoordland July lliSouthwark July ZS
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
20 Montgomery street.
EMPiRE LINE,
8 S. "OHIO." from Seattle to Xoma anil St.
Michael. May 21th. Subsequent sailtngs from
Seattle, to Nome. St. Mtcbasl and Tukin River
Points. June 30. July 31. August 30. For rates
and oth»r Information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.
20 Montromery street
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kcre fHtoßo), Nagasaki «nd Shanghai, and
connecting nt Hongkong with Rtoamers for In-
dia etc No carno received on board on day
cf "sailing.
S3 NIPPON MART Tuesday. July 10. J3CO
RS' AMERICA MARU
". Friday. August 3. 1300
SS HONGKONG MARU
" \V»<ln«iday. August 23. 1300
Via Honolulu
Raund-trjp tlcketi at reduced rstes. For
freight and pas*age apply at company's office.
411 Market str»»et. corner First.
W. 11. AVERT, General Agent.
COMPA3SIB 01SEBALX TSASSATUNTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^
Hai!tn(t evrry T^uryday irr«t*-..l nf <J*n*rJ%
Saturday, from November I. 1533. at —•* ""•os»
10 a. m., from Pier 42, North Jttver. foot of
Morton st. L»A TOURAIXE. July 5; LA LOR-
RAI>»-. July 12: LA BRETAGNE. July 19;
I.A CHAMPAGNE. July 26. First class to
Havre, JS2 SO and upward. Second class to
Ilavre, |i 5 and upward; ", per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 52 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. J. F.
YVOAZt * CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 1 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICB
TO PLYMOUTH fl-ONDON). CHERBOURG
(PARIS) AND HAMBuRO.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURO AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURO
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. JTB'dWj.nr.y
PARIS HOTEL. ACCOMMODATION
Reserved tf secured before departure.
HEP.ZOG ft CO.. Gen. Asia, for Paelflc Coast.
4CI California at., corner Sansomc. 8. p.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HOXOI.irLTJ, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. MOANA tvla Honolulu) to X«w Zea-
. land and Australia... Wed.. July XL 8 a. m.
8 8. AUSTRALIA 'Honolahl onry).!?!..
Wednesday. July 23, J p." jq.
2. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. n4 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight 05ce.327 Market s2
ADVEBTISEJEENT&
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"absqlute^ecurity.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of \4L~?z&^.
Tor •¦•all matt as easj
tm take as smgaxw
SFF • In ADTrtfcl™ heao *chl SFF
MC GARTERS FOR DIZZIBESS. MC
/ , niTfTll , r IPIiTTIE FOa BIUOUSHESS. ~™«. M w
GENUINE Wver tor torpid liver. GENUINE
H PILLS FOR COK3TIPATIOS.
WftAPPFI? Mm ' FOR SALLOW SKIK. WPAPPFB
"PRUSTTEp ON K.EXS PAPER.'Flags and punting.
Three-foot flags with 4i^-foot antique
poles and polished brass knobs, 25 cents
each. Same flag, with red, white : and
blue corrugated pole and gilt top. 35
cents each. All kinds of bunting, festoon
ing and patriotic pictures. Sanoorn, Vail
&. Co- 741 Market street. •
•"The Proud Chested Actor and the Mat
inee Girl" is the title of Mr. Reginald
Schuyier's social essay in this lFsue of
the News letter. Actors will not enjoy
Jt. but the general public will find theit
laugh and- satisfaction, llr. Schuyler,
with his usual impertinence, saye that
the mummer has the brain of a Belgian
hare and the originality of a cracked
Horror. mrfcgJ
To-Bay's News Letter.
Detectives ' Dillon and Cody were given
charge of the case, and they identified the
machine as one stolen at . a ¦ recent bur
glary of tlfe Art Glass Works in this city.
Rea claims that he gave a man named
Walter Drexel an overcoat' for the type
writer. .
C. P. Rea was locked up: in the City
Prison yesterday and charged with.b urg
lary. Rea. had served sixty days in the
Oakland Jail, for petty .larceny, and short
ly after his release the police of that city
found him -trying to ¦¦ dispose^ of a .type
writer. He was taken Into custody <¦ and
Chief of Police Sullivan . was notified of
the arrest.
Charged With Burglary.
Deputy Sheriff Waibel appeared before
Judffe Hebbard yesterday to show cause
why he should not be punished for con
tempt of court far (disobeying an order
commanding him to pay his ex-wlfe, Kate
A. Waibel. alimony in the sum of t25 a
month. Waibel paid he was without
funrif -with which to meet his ex- wife*
alimony demand, but If the court would
give him an opportunity he would pet
money somewhere «n/S liquidate the ac
count. Ju<spe Hebbard granted him two
•week* in which to hustle or again show
cause. '
"Waibel Up for Contempt.
the following provisions for his heirs: Mrs.
Margaret L. Heneken. decedent's - widow,
Is to be paid $250 a month pending the set
tlement of the estate, when she will re
ceive 100 shares of the capital stock of the
Anglo-CaJifornian Bank (Limited) of San
Francisco, real estate at Geary and Jones
streets, a lot on the southwest corner of
Ellis and Leavenworth streets and prop
erty on the northerly line of Post street,
near Fillmore. The residue of the estate
Is to be converted Into money and two
thirds thereof distributed to decedent's
brother, Philip Jlelneken, and one-third to
I>r. Johannes Heineken, a brother.
Decedent Orders His Entire Estate
Bequeathed to ITis Widow and •
Two Brothers.
The will of Albert Christian Heineken,
who died June 24. leaving an estate valued
at $400,000. was offered for probate yester
day by I. W. Hellman Jr., who is named
therein as executor. Decedent, after di
recting that his body be cremated, makes
ALBERT C. HEINEKEN'S
WILL HAS BEEN FILED
Aired Marco S. Vulicevich Sues Son
and Z>atis*hter for Mainten
ance and Support.
Marco S. Vulicevich, old, penniless and
unable to work by reason of 111 health,
filed suit yerterday against his children,
Eleanor M. and John C. Vulicevich, to
compel them to maintain him. and also to
compel the reconveyance to him of prop
erty on Hyde street, near O'Farrell. f
Plaintiff aUeges that through means of
duress, menace and undue influence on the
day of his wife's death. February 27, ISO 9,
they compelled him to convey his property
to his daughter. Since then, though in
want, they have refused to aid him or re
turn his property that he might realize
thereon and support himself.
ASKS COURT TO COMPEL
CHILDREN TO AID HIM
Buyers From Country Encourage City
Wholesale Grocers in Early Clos
ing on
The movement started early in June by
Wellman, Peck & Co. to close the whole
sale grocery stores on Saturday after
noons is being favorably considered by
quite a number in the wholesale trades of
all kinds. As soon as the firm named an
nounced that it would close Its store at
1:30 p. m. on Saturdays during the summer
months Mau, Saddler & Co., Sussman,
Wormser & Co., J. A. Folger & Co. and
others followed the example, although ail
did not close at the same hour. The sub
ject of early closing was brought before
the Wholesale Grocers' Association, but
that body did not advise taking up the
matter as an organization, although many
of the members expressed the opinion that
it would be a good thing for the employes
and the employers would not be injured in
tho least by easing up on the rush of busi
ness at the end of the week.
The reports of the first steps in the early
closing movement were published a week
ago In The Call, and Mr. Jennings, man
ager Jor Wellman, Peck & Co., states that
those who are interested in the project
have received encouragement in a peculiar
manner. During the past week his firm
and the others mentioned have received
letters from their country customers ap
proving of the effort to shorten the hours
of .the workingmen, and stating that any
orders to be sent to this city will be so ar
ranged as not to interfere with early clos
ing. This encouragement from the coun
try has done more to keep up the new cus
tom than anything else. Mr. Jennings
states that in Chicago, New York. Phila
delphia and several of the larger Eastern
cities the wholesale houses close at noon,
and the practice has been found to be a
great benefit to all. *
HALF HOLIDAY MOVE
POPULARLY RECEIVED
Committee of Supervisors Decides
Against Protest of a Bidder on
City Printing.
The Jo'nt Supervisors' Committee on Ju
diciary and Printing took up the consid
eration yesterday of the protest of Phil
lips & Smyth against awarding the con
tract for certain city printing to the Star
Press on account of erasures having been
made in the bids submitted. Attorney
Ruef addressed the committee and con
tended that the charter specifically pro
vided that bids should be rejected if they
had been erased in even one item. He said
this provision was intended to prevent any
combination or fraud on the part of bid
ders. Chairman Brandenstein stated that
the City Attorney had rendered an opinion
that erasures on bids do not necessitate
the rejection of the bids.
The committee decided against the pro
test In accordance with the opinion of the
City Attorney. He says that the charter
gives to the bidder the right to bid upon
"all or any of the articles named, and to
the city the ri?ht to accept the bids upon
any one or more of such articles. There
must be In effect an many separate bids aa
there are articles upon which bids are re
quired. This being so, alterations or
erasures therein would mean alterations
or erasures in the bid upon a certain arti
cle. The board therefore should reject the
bid upon any article In which there Is an
erasure or alteration, but should not on
account of an erasure or alteration reject
all other bids presented in the same offer
or proposal."
ERASURES ON BIDS DO
NOT INVALIDATE THEM
The Board of Public Works appointed
the following nine building inspectors yes
terday to servo without pay on the re.
quest of the Board of Fire Underwriters
of the Pacinc: T. J. Cunningham, J. C.
Trowbridge. W. R. Roberts, C. H. Okell.
G. S. Sutton. I. U. Story, J. W. Parker,
Robert Baird and J. C. Stone.
The newly appointed Commissioner, A.
B. Maguire, took his seat in the board.
Inspectors of Buildings Appointed.
Chief Sanitary Inspector Chalmers
seized and condemned 119 cases of pork
in a warehouse on Drumm and Pacific
streets yesterday morning. The pork had
been sold to a syndicate for fertilizing
purposes by the Government, but Chal
mers learned that it was about to be re
packed to be sold over again. The pork
was found to be unwholesome and Chal
mers ordered it removed to the National
Fertilizing Works after being kerosened.
Bad Fork Condemned.
JO, IS3?. The custody of a minor child
was awarded to the plaintiff. Decrees of
divorce hav> b-en granted Alpha Mitchell
from Thomas Mitchell on the ground ot
failure to provide, and David A. Johnson
from Man' Johnson on the ground of
cruelty.
The suit by which Mary J. Lundin seeks
a divorce from Oscar H. Ivur.din was par
tially heard by Judge Troutt. Several
witnesses testllied as to th^ defendant's
fcabJt of wielding a beer glass with dam
aging effect and Mrs. Lundin set forth
in detail the facts of several assaults she
scid he made on her.
Mrs. Louisa Giller was granted a <J1«
vorce from Charles L, Glller by Judge
Hebbard yesterday on the ground of
cruelty. Mrs. Giller testified that her
husband frequently placed a loaded re
volver against her head and threatened
to blow out her brains. This conduct, she
paid, had completely shattered her health.
In an addition to a decree of divorce
Judfre Hebbard Issued an order restrain,
ing Ciller from visiting hJt= ex-wife or In
any way Interfering with her or her
household.
Adelaide Kinross has cued William H.
Kinross for a divorce, alleging failure to
provide as cause of action.
Isadore Scnger Sues for "Divorce — Jo
seph F. Cattarinich Is Granted
a Decree.
Isadora Sanger has sued his wife. Hat
tie Sangrer. for a divorce. As Sander's
charges are of a character which his at
torneys, Myrick and Deering. would keep
from the public, they applied to Judge
Hebbard for order directing- that the
same be 6ealed. Judge Hebbard made the
order and the papers were placed in the
vault. ¦ -j. ¦?.
Judge Hebbard has granted Joseph F.
Cattarlnich a. divorce from Agnes Cattar
lnich by reason of her conduct with H.
Hooper in a dwelling at 1450 Leavenworth
street. The couple were married October
JUDGES WERE ALL BUSY
FREEING THE UNHAPPY
Demands.
A big rush was made on the city treas
ury yesterday by the City Hall employes,
and as a result the money in the treasury
was exhausted at 3 o'clock and a large
number of employes failed to have their
salary demands cashed.
The knowledge that Treasurer Brooks
had decided to tie up the St. Mary's Park
fund of $125,000 until the appeal cf the park
promoters had been passed upon by the
Supreme Court caused consternation in
the army of tax-eaters. As soon as the
Auditor's* office was opened at 9 o'clock a
long line of citj- officials besieged the dep
uties for their demands, and did not cease
until late In the afternoon. When tbe
money available for salaries had all been
paid out the holders of demands were reg
istered in the order of their presentation,
but they will have to wait for their money
unless the brokers come to the rescue.
Expert Cyril Williams had prepared the
following statement of the funds in the
treasury :
St. Mar>'s Park fund. $125,000; to the
credit of the general fund. $40,000; unap
portloned taxes fund, $73,000; Market
Street Railway Company taxes. J10.000;
June fees and licenses. $20,000; total, $143,
000.
Apainst this amount are: Hall of Justice
balance. $:?3.000; Bosworth-street tunnel,
J4000; Bernal Park, $5000; total. $42,000.
leaving available for salaries $101,000.
The salaries unpaid for June will amount
approximately to $100,000, and if the St.
Mary's Park fund be ultimately decided
available for other purposes the demands
will be redeemed.
Tying Up of St. Mary's Park Fund
Results in Holding TJp Their
SALARIES OF MANY CITY
EMPLOYES ARE UNPAID
Coroner and Morgue — Chairman, Peter H.
Scully; John A. Lynch. E. Leventhal.
Courts, Superior, Justices and Police — Chair
man. Emll Bauer; Peter H. Scully. A. L. Lux.
County Clerk's Office •. and Justice Clerk's
Office— Chairman, Hymas Wolf; Fred R. Butz,
T. J. Drury.
District Attorney, City and County Attorney,
State Officers-Chairman, J.|W. Murphy; A.
liinsch, Ed Leventhal.
Public Library and Magdalen Society — Chair
man, J. P. Le Count; Pettr H. Scully, Emil
Bauer.
Health Department, Almshouse and City Phy
sician—Chairman, Henry T. Glbbs; F. R. Rutz.
A. L. Lux.
Mayor, Civil Service— Chairman, J. C. Lem
mer: Emll Bauer. J. W. Murphy.
Board of Supervisors, etc.— Chairman, E. N.
Fritz; S. Green. • Edward Leventhal.
Tax and License Collector— Chairman, E. Le
venthal; F. L. Sheertn, Peter Scully.
Police Department. Patrol and City Drivers-
Chairman, A, L. Lux; John A. Lynch, J. C
Lemmer.
Corporations, Water and 'Gas ¦ Companies —
Chairman, S. Green; Hyman Wolf, E. N. Frlti.
Thomas J. Dwyer was appointed expert
to the Grand Jury. _
Dives and Social Evils— Chairman," Fred R.
Butz; Frank Vail, T. J. Drury.
Fire Department, Fire Alarm and Fire Mar
shal — Chairman, John A. Lynch; J. C. Lemmer,
H. T. Gibbs.
Auditor, Election Commissioners. Public Ad
ministrator—Chairman. Al Hirsch; F. L. Shee
rin, J. P. Le Count.
Sheriff and County Jail— Chairman. John 11.
Brlckwede!; A. Hlrech, Fred R. Butz.
Board of Education and Schools— Chairman,
Frank A. Vail; J. C. Lemmer, J. P. Le Count.
Assessor, Recorder and Treasurer-Chairman,
T. J. Drury; A. Hirsch. Emll Bauer.
Organization Effected by the Selec
tion of Those Who Will Inves
tigate City Offices.
The Grand Jury met yesterday after
noon and appointed committees to inves
tigate the various city offices and other
Institutions. They are as follows:
Board of Public Works and Park Commission
ers—Chairman, F. L. Sheertn; H. T. Glbbs, Al-
COMMITTEES APPOINTED
BY THE GRAND JURY
In looking about to abolish a school In
the district south of Market street the
Board of Education is considering the
advisability of closing up the Stanford
Primary. It is highly probable that the
Stanford School as well as the Longfellow
is doomed, though the board may finally
compromise on the closing of only one.
The discontinuance of the Stanford school
meets with the unqualified approval of
Superintendent of Schools Webster. Mr.
Webster is of the opinion that the pupils
of the Stanford could be accommodated
in vacant classrooms in the Franklin
Grammar and the Starr King schools,
situated near by. He is In favor of this
plan, provided, however, a place can be
found for Mrs. Lyons, at present prin
cipal of the Stanford. . Again, if a prin
clpalship can be secured for Miss Jennie
Smith the Longfellow School might be
done away with. The building is a poor
one, though the Echool is well attended.
The premises are contiguous to the Rln
con Grammar School and the Whittier
School, both of which have vacant class
rooms. Should Miss Slavan be retired
from the princlpalshlp lof the Cleveland
School on Harrison street, near Twelfth,
either Mrs*. Lyons or Miss Smith could
be taken care of and either the Stanford
or Longfellow could be abolished without
placing either the principal or the teach
ers on the unassigned list. While both
schools can be abolished, it would neces
sarily crowd the other schools In the vi
cinity. It is certain, however, that one
will be closed and the classes distributed
to tha other scnools mentioned.
Pupils in District South of Market
Street to Be Distributed to Bin
con, Franklin, Starr King
and Whittier.
Either the Longfellow or
the Stanford Will Be
Discontinued.
SELECTING THE
SCHOOLS WHICH
WILL BE CLOSED
GRAND JURORS
WILL SUE CITY
FOR THEIR FEES
Claim They Are Entitled to
Compensation for
Services. <
Say Points Involved in Case Decided
Adversely to Trial Jurors Doe 3
Not .Materially Affect
Their Case,
Once . again Is the question of Jurors'
fees to.be carried before the courts for
adjudication. This time members of the
last Grand Jury are of the opinion that
the statutory allowance of $2 a day for
services should be paid . them by the city
and county, and they, will file suit in an
effort to. test their right to such com
pensation. Those who will appear In the
suit served as grand Jurors from Decem
ber 29, 1599, up to a week ago Friday:
They are: L. Altschul, William F. Am
brose, J. H. Bremer, H. J. Burns, J. "\v.
Carmany, P. D. Cole, C. L. Field. B. P.
Flint, C. Herrmann, P. F. Kingston, G. H.
Luchsinger, C. F. Lurmann, E. H. Par
rish, M. M. Regensberger, A. Kepsold, E.
R. Rock, A. J. VandeV White, H. M.
Whitely and C. R. 1 Winslow.
Although the right of Jurors sitting In
criminal cases to a fee of $2 a day, pay
able from the treasury of the city and
county, has twice been decided adversely
to the Jurors by the Supreme Court, the
members of the Grand Jury are of th»
opinion that they will recover Judgment
In ita opinion in the last case Involving
the right of Jurors to fees to be paid from
the local treasury the Supreme Court
recognized the statutory right of juror 3
to such fee, but In the absence of any
provision stating by whom such fee was
to be paid the final judgment went against
the Jurors and in favor of the city and
county. The same theory, some attorneys
say. will be adhered tobj' the Supreme
Court when the matter of grand Jurors'
fees comes before them and again the
city will be victorious. The grand jurors,
however, are of different opinion, and will
at least risk the outlay to make the test
If they are successful the whole line of
litigation will be again opened up and a
sum In the treasury exceeding $50,000 will
be of uncertain use until the final Judg
men,t is handed down by the court of last
resort.
Franchise Taxes Collected.
The Alaska Commercial Company paid
Its taxes on a franchise valuation of" $250,
000 to Assessor Dodge yesterday. The Ha
waiian Commercial Company also paid on
a franchise of about $500,000. The Assessor
says that the franchise tax is extremely
small when compared to the yearly earn
ings of the two companies paid in divi
dends. The taxes amounted to about ?12,
000.
It was decided that the committee meet
and act In conjunction with the Board
of Education thereafter on matters per
taining to the School Department.
Brandensteln thought sufficient empha
sis Is not given to the physical training
which, he said, was more nearly of vital
importance than cooking or manual
training. Mark said that the board had
been unable to get a competent instructor
of physical training, though an effort
had been made to secure one. It was in
tended to teach the higher study of phy
sical culture as soon as the proper per
son could be employed.
Chairman Mark explained that the rea
eon for the dismissal of the third special
teachers of physical culture was because
it was believed the regular teachers woula
put the pupils through a simplo course
of calisthenics which would be sufficient.
The centers of manual training and cook
ing would be arranged so that pupils of
all schools could easily be accommo
dated.
Sewing will be taught by the regular
teachers to pupils of the eighth grade
under the supervision of the principals.
The ladies of the California branch of
the Collegiate Alumni have volunteered to
act as a visiting board to encourage th»
study of sewing and to make suggestions
thereon.
Director Denman explained that the
board will establish about seven manual
training centers to which the boys of
the eighth grade will be admitted. Di
rector Klncaid told of the cooking cen
ters to be inaugurated In the Hancock,
Hamilton, Hearst, Franklin, Irving, Scott,
Denman and Horace Mann grammar
schools. The girls of the eighth gradb
will be taught two hours each week, the
course to be one year. Special teachers
will be appointed to explain the chemlstr>
of food by practical demonstration. Mrs.
Kincald eaid there was an alarming ig
norance of the art of decent cooking and
the proper select'cn of nutritious food,
especially amon& the poorer classes. The
establishment of cooking centers would,
she thought. In a great measure over
come this Ignorance.
The Supervisors' Committee on Edu
cation, consisting of Boxton. D'Ancona
and Brandenstein. met the four memben>
of the Board of Education yesterday for
the purpose of co-operating to insure im
provements in 'the school department.
of Manual Training, Cooking and
Sewing Centers and Other
Proposed Innovations.
Directors Explain the Establishment
Supervisors Plan to Act
With the Board of
Education.
TO CO-OPERATE
IN SUPERVISING
SCHOOL AFFAIRS
MUNICIPAL MATTERS.
The prearranged programme of the
Bo&rd ot Health to dismiss six assistant
emergrncy Burgeons did not materialize
last night, owing to a vigorous opposi
tion made by the officials who were slatted
to co. The board ax a secret caucus held
a few evenings aga decided to retain Blx
assistant eurjjeons, each of whom Is a
iavorlte cf one of the members. Those
chosen were: C. M. Armstead, by I>r. Wll
iiamson; V. H. Putnam, by Bazet; H. O.
Van der I^eith, by Baum; \V. M. Thorne,
by Dr. Bucitley: W. R. Dorr, by Dr. Mc-
Oartfcy. and H. C Morrison, by Mayor
Phelan. who is an ex-0i3.d0 member of the
board and Incidentally director of affairs
political in the City HalL 7.
Assistant Surgeons X. R. Starr, C. D.
McOtJiUgan, C ii. Thompson, T. R. Dray,
1* li. liaclgalupi and T.-B. Robinson,
realizing that they were to be ousted, have
been moving; heaven and earth in a poli
caJ way in order to save their onlciaj
necks. They wore partially successlul, as
the board at it* secret caucus la&t night
decided to allow the twelve surgeons to
Uraw straws to determine who should re
main. They were called In by the board
and on its decision being made known
they all positively refused to draw straws
as o< ;:.» unprofessional and savoring of
£a£nbliiig.
It was originally Intended by Phelan's
orders to subject the twelve surgeons to a
competitive examination, but ten of them
signed a petition not to have the examina
tion. Drs. Starr and McGettigan alone bt
ing in favor of the plan.
The protest was read at the board's
meeting. It is made on the ground that
the charter does not provide for examina
tions, aud the fear wua expressed that
they might be one-sided and unfair. The
twelve surgeons, however, will be obliged
to draw lots after all, as a resolution on
the subject was adopted at the open meet
ing last night, l^ots must be drawn !n
the presence of Chief Surgeon Kdwln Bun
nell, who was reappointed at a salary of
5150 a month.
A caucus of the six assistants originally
slated to go was held late last night, and
they agreed unanimously not to submit
to the board's dictation.
The ten sanitary Inspectors were a!so
ordered to draw lots to determine which
tive will serve the city hereafter. They
will report this evening at 6 o'clock, when
the board will meet to appoint formally
live sanitary inspectors and six assistant
emergency surgeons.
The following appointments were roade
!r. the emergency and insane detention
hospitals:
Chief steward, C. Eueher. t99 i^r month.
AKsUt&ats at SSO — E. L. Bert&ud, K. McKen
zle. C, T. Ijedbetter, A. Ka_hn, W. HeCeraan,
I>rt Davis.
Mfctrtnc at SB-Mr*. A. E.. Wells. Mra. E.
Pwett, Mrs. Hose K&ne. Mrs. A. E. Andrews,
Miss Amy JJart, iiiss E. Bcauchasjp, iiiss L.
E. Urcwa. Miss N. E. Wynne.
Amtruliiic OrSvers at \C — Martla "Welch, G.
S. i'tro'. J- Trarf y, E. Bussineus.
Clerk at ICS— F. L.. Ruidock.
Miss Catherine Welsh's resipnation as
rsyrse of the P<-Pthous=e was accepted. Wil
liam J. Kelly, cirrk to the Health Officer,
also reyipnf. d, and John Dcrham will be
Appointed t.« surccod him. Veterinary
Burgeon I. TT. O'Rourke resigned to ac
cept a position as veterinary in the Fed
eral service. Di. c lnterment Inspector L.
Walsh was restored to the payroll for
June,
HEALTH BOARD
DID NOT CARRY
OUT PROGRAMME
Six Emergency Surgeons
Protest Against Sum
mary Dismissal.
Staff Must Draw Lots to Determine
Wlio Will Be Retained, but
Those Slated to Go Will
Fi&lit.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JTJNE 30^ 1900.
8
- -V • £ f^ ¦**
On July I, 1900. the first passenger train frorr) San
Frarjcisco to Chicago, over the rails of one single rail-
way, will leave Ferry-, foot of MarK?t street, at 9 a. rrj.
by way of the newly constructed Santa fe I^oute.
The Palace Sleeping Cars and tbe Tourist Sleeping
Cars will go through to Chicago without change. A
Dining Car will run through the San Joaquin Valley.
¦ *@i Ticket Office 628 Market St. fe
OVERLAND LEAVES
At 9:00 a. m. Daily Market
STOCKTON TRAIN LEAVES Street
At 4:10 p. m. Daily p efry
FRESNO AND BAKERSFIELD ' Hpnnt
At 8:00 p. m. Daily "^l^
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTEEN RY. CO.
I-iHiSSHIE!
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK IJATB— 7:SO. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 11:85.
3:!0. 5:10. S:SO p. m. Thursdays — Extra, trip
at 11:20 n. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:60
an<l 11:30 d. m. '
EWDAYK-8:W. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. »:30,
6:00. 6:20 d. m. .
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO. 7:69. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
8:40, s:ir. p. tn. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and C:33 cm..
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:M,
6:06. «:25 p. ra.
Between San Francisco arifl Schuetzen Park
tame schedule aa apove. . ' \
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
Ean Francisco. |Apr. IS. 1900.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I' Week
Days. [ days. | Destination.] days. 1 Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami 8:43 am
3:30 pn 9:Sonm Petaluma. 8:05 pmjlO:23 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa P.o»q. 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
Fulton.
T:39 tn Windsor. 10:K am
* Heald!<burr. " "**«¦.
* Lytton. -
OeyservlHo.
8:J0 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am I Hopland I 110:25 am
8:tO pm 8:00 ami and Uldah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:M an 10:25 am
8:00 am Quernerille. 7:35 pm
t:80 pm (:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am S :40 am
) - and
8:10 pm! 6:00 pm Olen Ellen. 6:03 pm 6:20 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am! . [ 110:40 am|lo:2s am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm| Bebastopoi. | 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
Staires connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: ot Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geytervllle for Skagss Sprlr.cs: at Cloverdale
for the Ceyeers: at Hopland for Duncan
Eprinirs. Highland Sprtnn». ICelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprlnurs, Boda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Bptinss: »t Ultlah for Vichy Sprinirs. Sarotogra
Springs, Blue L "tea, Laurel Dell Lnlte. Witter
Brrtnrs, Upper . Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Ll»rley*s. Buekneil's.
Banhe<T in Heights. Hullvllle. ¦ Orr's Hot
Sprints, Mendoclno City. Fort Braglf. Wcst-
port. Usal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle. CumralM,
Eell's Sprints. Harris, OUen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. ' - *
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced nte»-
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
bevoml San P.afael at half rates.
Ticket office*. «J0 Market St.. Chronicle bldg-.
H. a WHITING. R. X. ItYAN.
General Manager. Gen,, Pass. Agent.
WABASH
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
FROM
Chicago, j Kansas City and St. Louis
to
New York and New England Points.
, Finest tluouch traia aerrlcs. , wltli pouts aa4
eourt4K»»«raP»<X«tv^Btop-cff allowed at Uw
rnii.EOisjC.CLma. p. c. p. a«u
ft ¦. CBAJOB. 4». P. K A«^ A "* >li * "^
¦¦ - - ¦ St. lAula, Ms.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. ra.
SUNDAYS »• 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:SO. 2:30 p. m.
Fare Ean Francisco to Summit and return. $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
; >#igff>x
k ,6PAT£MTSI, 6 PAT£MTSl 3
CHARLESTON, S.G.,
AND BSTiRN, via the
Santa Fe Route
Tickets good for sixty days and
sold on
JULY I and 2.
Take the first train on the new
line leaving San Francisco at
9 A. M. SUNDAY, Jnly 1.
Ticket Office at (28 Market St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
f. Via Sausaltto F?rry.
Commmcine April i 2. 1900.
FROM SAX FUAXCISCO TO MILL, VALX.ET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:CO. *S:3O. 9:30. 11:00 m. m.x
12:45, *1:45. 3:15. 4:15. *SM, 6:15, 6:40 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley Tind "Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays. «t 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
BU.N'DAYS-V;», «S:00. »3:00. •l(f:00. 11:00 liao
a. m.; 12:«. *l:30. J:3o.' 'SilS. 5:00. «:00 7 : 2tf
p. m.
11:00 a. m. doet not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (*> run to San Quenttn
FKOM SAJC RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
#WEEK DAYS-6:35. •*:&. 7:30, 8:40, •10-13 i-
m.; 1J:3O. 1:15. 1:15. »3:30. 4:30. S:M p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *«:43 and 10:20 p. m -• .
SUNDAYS— «:IS. •S:0O. «9:50. -11:00 a. ni. - •IJ-OO
m.: 1:00. r:». »3:30. 4:30, 'SMS. 8:45. 1:30, 1O. : JO
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Qnentln.
FROM MILL VALLKY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 3:S3. 6:45. 8:CO. S:SS. 10J3 ml
m.: JI:SS. 1:43. 2:45. 3-JO. 4:£o. 5:20 r. m '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«:JS. S:O5. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.- U-ii
1:20. 2:30. *:4S. 4:55. 6:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
.TnROUGItJTRAINa
.. 7:00 a, m. week days-3".azadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. tn. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
B:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturday* except sd)
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. ra. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. _
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. . ;
¦^s/^'TaV r * Gikk° n ' s Dispensary,
: faj I*^^ 111 183 * *°.r. r the tren 'me=t ot Private
jmJJf^ '#*»* Diseases, lxwt Manhmxi Debility or
Ora^jH Skin Dlsea*^ Thedoctorcureawhr..
nth <'>'sfall. Try him. Chnrsre* low
I ('nrr^coarniiim. CaJlorwrlta
1 or, J,i'.ulßUO!f, Box 1937. 8 an Francisco
WOTSMH PAOiriC COHPIBC,
fPACino •t*t«jO
Train* |o»v*> i»n<l nro <liio •• «rrlT« •!
MAN FItANCIMCO.
(Jialn Line. Foot of Market Str-«t)
utri — Fruu Hat 13. 1900. — *k>ira
•7:00* B"nlcU. Siiitao, Elmlrs, VacaTfUtw
Rumtaj and Maerameuto *7f43»
•TiOOa Shut* Kxsr-u-Datia. WU!Uma((oT
Bartlelt Hprinj*). Willow*, lied
Bluff, rortiaud. *7H3r
•7iS»t lUriine/.. ->»n iUnion, V*J!e]o. Napv
e»li»t<>g», aixl S»nt» Uosa ••il.lr
•SiO*)a D»«is. Woodland. KuighU Laodl&f.
M»r»*ilie. «>ro»ille •?:•!»
•Bi<M»a Atlantt- Kxpresa— Ojda» and Kut M1:I4«
•ft::!DA S»ti .!>>•». Utrrmor.-, .¦Stockton,
lone, M«er»iiiFiit<r, Fl«c- niUe.
M uri»i : 'r. <'!.!,¦'., l>'l l!ltl(T Mll4»
•A:3O» O^k.!*"-. Chi:. -no (for YuaemiteX
H ..••¦ «¦». Carters. «-Stiar
•t»:0O» Bajw)ir<!i. Niirond Way Stations. *11i49a
•»:<>o t Los Augclea Ei;.reas — Martinet.
Tt*cj, i»',iif'i>. titockton, Merertl
anj t'rMMi •«:•»,
¦»ta»a Vnil.-j.. Mutluai anil Wa» Stations •••t.ir
• I !»:<««» Thn OTerUmi Limited— Ogdea. Den-
ver. Omaha, i.'ii:cs('i *Oil.lr
*|I:OO* Niles, Mternu.re, mock ton. flacrtv-
iu: u>~ Meiiduta. llanford. VUalla,
Keru.rtil!* •*:l.lp
•li:»»« Il»jw.rli. Niles and Way Station*. •»!¦•»•>
tl: »«»r Sacramento lliiw.ti^iiint |3 On,
•:i.-oi>r H4jw*r.lv Nilrs ami \V»j Stations. >»l43ff
•lo«r Mutii.'.-/. Man lUmon. ValUJo.
Na|>a, t.'*lUt,,«,. Snr.ta Una* •»:!¦%*
•i.onr K^nicU. VteUn. Macr«i«e«»
Wcmllaud. KiilkliU I audl?*.
MarjuTill*. Oroiitle a IO:<S*
•liBop Nile*. Han J<«.« ami Stockton •?:l9y
•3:UOrTuo Owl i.iirlti-.1-Tra.-y. Kre»no.
lUker«a«l<l. .Sa:igii» f ..r stauta, liar-
r*t%r%. l."« Al'K^lr* "•: I 3«
•SiOOrTresnn I'asscn; r— Martinet. Lath.
rop. 3tuckton. Mrrre<l, foreada
(fUynioiid fur YoaenttMs). fusmi! *13ilt)i
•3iS*r New >rl-»n* Kivress*W»k«r*n.kl.
. Battta Ilirutu. !,••« Ant'-'ea. Dem-
lug. El Va*>. Now.ori.-»iii and
BMt T. ••!««
•."iilßf Mint* Vx limit*— Atlanllo Eip'Mt
for Mnjitf* a...l Kut ««:l.lf
•<!:O-»r lUy<r«r.U. Nile* anU thn Joai •7:»>*
MV:Oi.|- Vallejo •ISllSr
•KiOwr Oriental Mnil-Ogifon, Clifytnu*.
O-jaha. L'btoi«ct *Ili«3a
•«:oi>rOn-rul .Maii-t'gden. Denver.
Omaba. (hlca;> ; Mil 3»
t?i«Or Vallrjn. r", it i:.»ta «¦¦.! War fUa-
M.mm |»i-»r
•Mt«3p Oregon ami CaJ!r-in>)« Kiprnm.Sao-
iMinmitii. MiirjuTill*, Ui»:,lln|,
t'..it;«ii.l. l-HK-i .S. 1 m,,l Kmi *ttl9k
COAiOT l>irts|ii> (\,,nnw <;»«««).
_- ' (Foot rf M.rk. t .-nrtut.i
17j43a gantik Urns £xcunil<Mi ft r Xanta
Cruz anil I'tiwlpal Wa» SUtioni J^=«^r
•111 » a Newark. <>utit<l:U-.Saii. loan. Krltoii.
B<>.il.l^T«:rreU.H».i>a(Ji.i»«,,.t \V»i
HU(i»n> ••!*•!»»
fii l nr Xtwark, tV-.It.rTHH. >.*„ .lose, S-*
Altmt<!«n. P r »!tiir.. llrmlitev !>»««.
Kantn Crux axl I'riiK'ipal >Va*
Srat!....« t •«>»••
Mllir N>-.rjr>. Mail .>.)««. ' ... i:it.»« •••»••
ql;l3f Clrnwu.K!. reltoii. Mania <ri» t»^»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fr«mSl* rBtICUCiJ-?Ht tf Mirktl Slr»»t l$U» »)—
-•7:18 SCO ':i;CO*.M. H:3 *XO3 13.33
*«:03 t3:S3 *f:o3r.-.
fitfflO*lU«»-r»3'.o'3«ijiJ •»?.-•« 00 H:00 10;00».a1.
t!2:Q3 '1:33 t2CJ *3:53 M^flJ «|:C3r.M.
COAST lIITI.HIOI (Bramil «»«(;•).
<Thlr.l ni.il rowiiwi.l su.)
t«:K»A Ooeaii VUt. Hurt'th .-*» ii Kr»n«l*cr».. ««>*•»
t?tOO« San Joss n...r \\ •? MiU..in (New
. A>cn*,li.fi WwiiieoiUvaaiilr) *!•••*
tTtSOa 3nr..l»jr Excimton f r San Jomri.
tiaot* I'rir. I'aclCc <iro»e anil
Principal 'A'aj SUUons 13:33»
•¦tOO* Han Jo»». Tim I'imm. .SmiU I'riu, .*..
Paeilit Unit*. IVi.. ll..l»U-». Man
1.i.1« 01.i.i.... fnif. Lompoc an.l
1Vi,.c1f,.l W»r «l«tiu..n •«:!<)»
•!«»;««» s au j,,, c «,„! Way Mtatintm -«:.1.-ii
*lli3Ua .S*n.loii-.Lo.if!»^iS»i..l\V«y;f lk ti,iii» ".V:tiir
Vl: l.'.r San M%tro. K-.1-mn.!, M-io.> Park.
Palo Alto. .SanUCiajrm. Man .low.
Tre» Finos. .Santa •.>>». Sajliuu.
MimimrfJ «i«l I'aclOc <:ru*« tl«> : > s A
tBiXOr Haa Jo«s ami Way Htaltuiis # 7:anr
Mil3r aanJos«*ml Trinclpiil Way Muttons •9is r »«
TS:OOrSan joir. Los Oatos and l"rlnclo»l
Wsjr Sution* • t»:«"»
•si3Op S»r. .:<¦•» ».»•! Princip*! Way Mtatloiis t":^*
**::twr San Jose an<l W» f .Station* »••:»'>*
»llt4.*»i» Man .lonnaml Way Sutii.ns...'. •7:3«r
A for Moniint P far Afternoon "
•DsJly. t SimHtf aieepted. v X Sunday only.
k Saturday only.
• Saturday and Sunday, c Soaday and Moods*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY
HOME FOR ALL.
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varlcocele. etc., and en-
larxe «maU weak organs to full size and vigor.
' r Zr r .~Ll'.T- U W. KNAPP, M.D. *]
Pimply send your name anj address to Dr. I>.
W. Knapp, IGBJ Hull bldg.. Detroit. Mich., and
he will gladly send the free receipt .with full
directions so that' any man may easily cure
himself at home. This is certalnly'a most gen-
erous offer and the following -extracts taken
from, his datly mall show what men think of
his generosity:
"Dear Sir:-Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have, given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
"Dear Sir:— Your method worked beautifully.
Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
and vigor have . completely returned and en-
largement is entirely satisfactory." • ..
"Dear Sir:— Yours was received and I had no
trouble In making use of the receipt as directed
and can truthfully say It Is a boon to weak
men. I am greatly Improved in size, strength
and vigor."
AH correspondence is strictly confldentlal,
mailed In olain sealed envelope. The receipt Is
free for tbe asking and he wants every man to
have It.
A visit OR. JORDAN'S great i
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
9 M 9 1061Kmi?s£taUth&7t!i,3.f.fcl.^
\ .Cf ' The Laryeit Anatomical Museum In the \
if iSi. Wtj.l World. VVeakn<~*es or any contracted / I
X. IBS* w*3 disease ppsitivrly curod hy tbe oldest '
Cy Ifejs-jl SpeculiitciitlnCosM. EsL36yem. $
& »SS?I 08. JQROAH--PBIYATE DISEASES *
\ ?Mj©/U -f Co3«ults««i freo and strictly private. \
VHH \l H f *' Mve Cur « ta every case undertakVii. \
Ajp [I llfit w fite for Book. CnilAtSOl'DVol A
H II- '^HIACe, MAILED FilHO. JAT
A .': fl V '/|/ wluable- book tot mm) " \
y on. Jordan a co., iosi Market st.,s. f 9
F>/\l_/\GIS HOTEL
I The hlffh standard of excellence , maln-
; tamed by these hotels la recognized ¦ and ¦
appreciated -by a discriminating and fas-
tidious clientele who regularly make them
their headquarters when In San Francisco."
Located In close proximity to wholesale,
and shopping districts, places of amuse-^
merit and with the further advantage of
having street cars to all points of Interest
pass the entrance. • .-
. American = plan. European . plan.
GRAND HOTEL
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
iS . A GREAT i KKaXC::AXiVK. LNViGUiU-
tor. and Nervine.
Th» moat _ wonderful aphrodlilao and Special
Tonic for; th« Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. - Bells on Its own merits.
- rr±. NABEH. ALPS & BRUME. Agent*.
S3 Market «.. B. F.— (Send lor CircularsSullivan.
Attended on the Scaffold by
Fathers Eagan and
FLANNELLY
GOES BOLDLY
TO HIS DEATH
ST. PAUL./ Minn., June . 23.— The State Rail
road Commission filed notice with. the Northern
Pacific and - tho ¦ St. . Paul and I>uluth railroads
to- the .effect, that - after. Investigation of the
matter. of the absorption recently of the: latter
ro»d - by : the former they find *uch : absorption
*nd transfer to be.lllegal and void.
' LjelfW. I " Atkins. Company ¦I. Thirty-nflh
Volunteer Infantry, -wounded In arm, mod
erate, and captured on May 30, was sent In by
insurgents en. June 27. He ; reports, the 'health
of-Charles J. Roberts."- captain Thirty-fifth In
fantry." and Private Mclntyre to be «ood.
MANILA. June 29.— Second Lieutenant Paul
Draper. Twenty-second Infantry, was drowned
on the morning 'of Jun#.,23. while working on
the, ferry near: ¦¦ San Antonio. Neuva Eciji
Luion. His body has not yet been recovered.
MACARTHUR.
Paul Draper was born on July 24,~ 1876,
at\Val!ey- View. lowa, and served with
the Sixteenth Infantry as private, cor
poral, sergeant and first sergeant of, Com
pany: D? from .July, 1897, to y Novomb»r,
1899. Jle was ; serving- in the Philippine
Islands as- an enlisted man at the date
of his appointment as second lieutenant
of t the 'Twenty-second-. Infantry ,* and was
continually .with -his regiment until June
2S. 1900.. when he was drowned.
The following cablegram was received
this : afternoon from General MaeArthur :
WASHINGTON, June 23.-General Mac-
Arthur' has cabled the War Department
the following; account ; of the death of
Lieutenant Draper:-
LIEUTENANT DRAPER'S
DROWNING REPORTED
HONOLULT7, June 22 —There will not be
a fpeclal session of the Legislature. This
has not boen definitely Fettled but it came
so rear bjins this morning that there is
noti a fju*stion about the result. Gover
nor' Dole presented the matter to his ad
vlpers, the heads of -the various depart
ments, this mornlng-.Rnd.the consensus of
opl-.'on was that the expense was too
great at this time. . ~ - ,
Hawaiian Legislature Not to Meet.
jSn^ll had maintained from the first that
he had no recollection of his horrible
crime and his lawyers claimed he was in
rtinc. Physicians and exports who exam
ined him. however, pronounced him sane.
Shell maintained his u^ual demeanor and
mumbled incoherent words during the
bfief march from his cell to the place nf
execution. Among those who witnessed
tiy? hanging was the father of the mur
diK-d girl.
Snell murdered Lizzie Wiesenberger on
August <> last. The girl had been employed
at{ his house, but his actions toward her
compelled her parents to take her away.
}U appeared at her home on the morning
of {August « and. going into the bedroom,
cut the child's throat with a rator, caus
ing almost instant death. As Snell turned
to Ueave the room Mrs. Wiesenberger
seized him and the murderer slashed her
on the arm. Snell was captured within an
ho4r after the commission of the crtme.
WASHINGTON. June 29.— Benjamin Hill
Snell. 44 years old, formerly a clerk in
the Pension Office, was hanged at the
District jail at noon to-day for the mur
rier of 13-yea"r-old Lizzie \ViePenberg*»r.
with whom he was infatuated. Snell was
the largest man ever executed here. When
received at the jail August 7 last he
weighed :s*> pounds and measured 6 feet
< Inches in height. To-day he weighed 237
pounds. Notwithstanding that the drop
tap considerably lfssened. the ropp near
ly severed his head from his body. Death
«as instantaneous.
Benjamin Hill Snell Pays the Penalty
for the Killing of Lizzie
. Wiesenberger.
GIANT HANGED FOR
MURDER OF A GIRL
George Mapheas, an employe at the
transport tJock. was arrested last evening
and charged with petty larceny at the
Harbor police station It is alleged that
ManhMF stole a turkey s*id two beef
-'elks from the transport Grant. The
noKn%tuff was found In the bottom of a
waron into which Mapheas was seen to
Th^w 'a package. The accused declares
that It was his overalls he tossed into
the vehicle.
Beefsteaks and Turkey btolen.
AVhen Flanr.elly was led to the gallows
not a word was spoken. Hp made no at
tempt to speak," and not a sound Stroke the
stillness' of the gallows, room pave, the
softly, murmured prayers of th'i priests.
The men In charge of the execution moved
with •.military precision, and in; lees than
one minute from the time the condemned
left his cell all was -over. The adjusting
of the noose, was done by Frank Arbogast.
"Warden Agulrre.was present on the scaf
fold and fitiletly saw that things went off
op they should. : Dr.'-W.F. Jones . of San
Rafael and Dr.- Casey. president physician
of the pTison. pronounced "Flarmolly 'd^fTd
in i eleven .minutes after the drop. ¦ Hli
neck was broken by.the fall.
Flannelly's relatives, claimed , the body,
and after being cut down.lt was given to a
San Francisco . firm of undertakers, who
will make such arrangements for burial as
the family l desire. ;
At nil times ; during his , incarceration
Fltmnelly refused to talk about his crimes,
except possibly ;to his priests. To the
prison 'officials. and visitors he would talk
upon all subjects save the one for which
he:was imprisoned; . ¦ '
SAX QUEJCTIN, June 2J>. — Thomas Flan
nelly was hanged at lf>:jJ4 o'clock this
morning in the old furniture factory build
ing: at San Quentln prison. The condemned
man -walked to the gallows with -a firm
step and gave no evidence of fear of his
impending death save -a sickly pallor on
his' face. Since his Imprisonment Flan
nelly had grown quite stout, and it was
feared that there mish't be some difficulty
in the final proceeding. .. v
For some days past he showed signs of
nervousness, but they vanished when the
last scene was enacted. Fathers Eagan
and Sullivan of San Rafael for some time
past had taken charge of the condemned
man's spiritual welfare, and it was be
lieved at the prison that Flannelly's nerve
on the trap was due in a large measure to'
their, efforts. • •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Cassidy Will Surrender.
SALT LAKE. Utah. June 29.— The T>es
eret News prints a story to the effect that
Butch Cassidy, for whose arrest there is
a reward of JSOO offered by the State, is
now In Salt LaJte and will give himself
up, provided the Governor will agree not
to honor extradltifln papers from Colo
rado, Vhere he is wanted for breaking
jail.
HONOLULU. June 23.— The question of
the payment of the Postal Savings. BanK
depositors was considered by the Gover
nor and the heads of departments this
morning. Secretary Cooper referred at
length to the artair3 of the Postal Savings
Bank and the redemption of outstanding
bonds. With regard to the former h« said
It would be necessary for the Governor
and himself, as Secretary, to certify to de
posits. The^e would go to the Secretary
of the Interior, who would In turn draw
on the Secretary of the Treasury for th.9
money. In regard to Hawaiian bonds. Mr.
Cooper gave it as his opinion that a large
number of holders, of undue bonds wonld
willingly discharge them now. In fact
they nad received the Impression that
Secretary Gage Intended redeeming the
bonds at all events and had accepted that
situation.
The amount on deposit In the Postal
Saving?* Bank December 31 last was $7*5.
241 84. The amount la somewhat less now.
about $760,000. The rtason the Secretary
of the Treasury is sending the whole of
this amount down here Is because of the
peculiar method provided for by the Ter
ritorial act for closing the bank and pay
ing the deposits.
How Patrons of the Hawaiian Postal
Savings Bank Will Be Paid.
COIN FOR DEPOSITORS.
over Eureka's street fair and Fourth nf
July celebration.
The choice has fallen on Miss Margarec
Richard of Arcata. than wh^m none
would fill It more gracefully. «w re
ceived 47.500 votes out of a total ofTl.W>.
over 10.WO votes being cast for her a short
time before the polls closed. Everything
presages the grandest celebration Kmt'M.i
has ever -held. The fair buildings aM
numerous and of handsome designs .and.
business houses and private dwellings ar.»
belnsr decorated more lavishly than ever
before, while handsome arches span msrv
of the sidewalks on the streets devoted ta
the fair. All details are almost completed
and everybody is ready for the celebration
to begin.
The city is already full of strangers*,
but nothing to what It will be by Sunday.
The city now contains more attractions in
the show line than ever before, severai
having arrived yesterday and to-day on
the steamers Xorth Fork and Orizaba, in
addition to other 3 which were already
here and nothing Is lacking to give Eu
reka s citizens and visitors four days of
unalloyed pleasure. Hon. Frank llc-
Gowan of San Francisco will deliver the
oration on the Fourth.
Miss Margaret Richard of Arcata
Elected Cu»>en After a
Close Contest.
Epe'lal Plopntfh tft The Call.
ET'REKA. June 2!>.— Aft*r a two wpeks'
contest between ten of Humboldt'a fairest
daughters. th» last three days of which
were characterized by' unusual activity on
the part of some of the candidates' sup
porters, a queen has been chosen to reign
CHOSEN TO REIGN OVER
EUREKA'S STREET FAIR
Special Dlrpatch to Tne Call. *
MONTEREY, June 29.— The contest for
Goddess of Liberty of the cominj? Fourth
of July, celebration in this city that has
been In progress for the - past six weeks
was closed last night. Miss slay Belard
being the victorious candidate. Up to
three days ago Miss Annie Henneken was
ereatly in the lead, but the friends of Mia*
Belard . began pourinfc in votes for their
favorite, Miss Henneken's- friends doing
likewise, and the contest became so close
that many believed It would result in a
tie Just before the final count, however.
Miss Belard's friends rushed her ahead
and she distanced her competitor by 106
votes. . - ' . ' -.
A large crowd • was , present when the
count way made and hearty cheers greet
ed the. announcements of the result. The
maids of honor have not yet been chosen.
, CLEVELAND, Ohio. June 19. —At a meeting
of the National. Founders' . ¦ Association "here It
¦was decided to reject absolutely the demand of
the tnolders for an advance of 23 cents a day in
vrases.'
' -• ¦" * ¦ - ¦ ¦
Close of the Contest for Goddess of
, Liberty in Monterey.
MISS BELABB WINS.
d California : Original '- Au*urt f« Duprey.
Kara $6: Elmore C. Lyon. Soldiery Home. $«:
Alexander H. Freeman. Los Angela. $3. Addi
tional—Westward C. Kirby. Pomona. *10. In
crease—Joel M. Jones. Livermore. JlO. Reissue
and increase-Cornelius Keating, San Fran
cisco «7. Widows— Jane C. Baldbrldfe. Ful
ton *S. War with Spain, original— Hans l_.
llathle»«"n. San Franclfco. *12.
Oregon? Original— l^ewls K. Armstrong. Bar
low $12; Marshall H. Knapp. Baker. City. 16;
John C Green Woodburn. $*>: Joseph lorth,
Scaooose. Jfi. Rentoratton— Charles Oalles Hll
rard. $6. Increase— Jalti" Batchelor. Salem.
110 War with Ppaln. original— Leon O. Hollan.
Salem, $30; William H. Ponath, Portland *i:.
Waahinßton: Original— Theodore ¦ Cook. Kver
ett J*: Napoleon B. Long. Garfleld. X: Morris
Johnson. Tracyton.. IS. Increase — Jo»iah Star
key Reardon. IS; navel H. A'an Eaton. Olym
pia' $30; Charles Crltxer. Spokane, *£>; Farn
helm J. Eastman. Cheney. $50.
| Postoffice Changes, Arm^ Orders and
i. Pensions Reported From
IV 'Washington. .' ¦
] Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. June 29.— The Comp
troller of the Currency has approvea th«
First National Bank of Los Angeles as
reserve agent for the First National Bank
of Salinas, and the National Bank of
Pomona, and the Ix>s Angeles National
Bank of Los Angeles for the First Na«
tional Bank of Santa Paula. '
Rural free delivery service was ordered
established at Santa Paula. Ventura
County, on July IG. with W. C. Leopold
as carrier.' The length of the route,
twenty-eight miles; the area covered.
¦ twenty square miles; and the population
served. 1000.
Civil service examination'to fill the po
sitions of clerk and carrier will be held
at Spokane. Washington, on August 4.
IJeutenant Colonel Richard I. Eskridge,
of the Twenty-third Infantry, i has been
detailed as a member of t.he retiring
board of San Francisco, vice Lieutenant
! Colonel Maus. relieved.
Postmasters commissioned: California.
—James H. Whltaker. Buena Park; Ro>
R Giffen. Fowler; Andrew L. Mason. Ix>
doga: George L. Curtis. Wallers. Ore
gon—Henry C. Helford. Colestin. ash
ington—John Q. Adam*. Blrdsvlew.
i The following pensions were granted to-
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
wick. Members of the labor alliance ridi
cule the- proposition that they take the
jobs formerly filled by the Japanese. They
say the railroad pays starvation wa?es
for section work, and if the, railroad would
pay wages equal to those pp.id for work
generally hereabouts it could get all the
white men it wanted. _
"We don't propose to see coolies planted
in Shasta County." said one prominent
worklngman to-day. "Let the Southern
Pacific pay decently and have whites-or
prepare for endless trouble with the
white men here. We .will fight to extinc
tion before we see any Japanese or Chi
nese unloaded here.V
There are 250 resolute- and determined
men in Keswick and vicinity. If the Jap
anese come back, as is morally certain to
night, bloodshed Is Inevitable. .Troops
will 'be required. Nothing Is known of the
railroad's plans. Last night workingmen
met at Koswlck and adopted a resolution
denouncing the Japanese and the South
ern Pacific. The Japanese were only paid
$1 per day and had to Hoard themselves.
Fifty- cents monthly hospital fee was also
deducted. ' * j
Oil Wells Sold. '
LOP ANGELES. June 29.— 1t is stated
upon good authority here to-day that the
Chanslor and .Canfleld Coalinga oil prop
erty, upon which the famous Blue Ooose
oW* well Is located, has been Bold "to an
English company, represented by B.nlfour,
Guthrie & Co., for an even $3,000,0(10. 'In
the deal is a piece of land owned by At
torney W> H. H. Hart and others."Chans
lor and Canfleld get $2,500,000 of the pur
chase price for their, holdings.
Killed by a Bock.
RANDSBURG. June 23.— This minting
shortly, after midnight . Carl Anderson, a
carman in the Yellow Astor minei; was
struck by, a rock: falling on him .in the
bottom of the shaft and instantly killed,
his neck being broken; Deceased was 27
years of z age and came here i about six
months ag-o from .Colorado. I J "
Workingmen Say They Will Fight if
Cooli?3 Are Given Em
ployment.
REDDING; June 29.— There is little new
regarding the Japanese troubles at Kes-
WILL NOT TOLERATE '
JAPANESE IN SHASTA
LBndon to-day at a Juncheon in the Man
sion House given by the Lord Mayor, A.
J. Newton, to celebrate the completion of
the dictionary of national biography. Over
200 persons were present, including Joseph
H. Choate, the United States Embassa
dor; Leslie Stephen, the first editor of the
work: Sidney Lee, the present editor; the
Bishop of London, Rev. Mandell Creigh
ton. D. D. ; John Morley, Sir Charles
Dilke.AV. E. H. Lecky, Viscount Peel, Sir
Clement Markham, president of the Royal
Geographical Society: Rev. R. YV. Gilder.
Andrew Lang, Edmund Goss and Austin
Dofoson.
Speeches were delivered by Mr. Morley,
the Lord Mayor, the Bishop of London
and others. They all paid tributes to the
magnitude of the benefit conferred by the
work just completed, and made compli
mentary references to America, caused by
Mr. Choatc's presence. Mr. Morley said
he regretted that men like Washington,
Jefferson. Hamilton and Franklin, who,
though Americans, were horn EnKiish
subjects, were not included in the biogra
phy.
Mr. Choate, responding to the toast nf
his health, paid he also was struck by
these omissions. He pointed out that only
one American woman was mentioned—Po
cahontaF—and she only because she saved'
the life of an English captain.
"Indeed." continued Mr. Choate, "every
thing relating to America's separation
from England Is excluded, and the reader
will 'not -learn from the biography that
America ever came into existence ,as a
separate nation. - But the fact that Mr.
Morley claims such n^n as Washington,
Jefferson, Hamilton and Franklin Is an in
dication of the bond which exists between
the two countries — a bond which grows
closer as time goes on."
Mi 1 . Choate's last remark was greeted
with cheers. . .
Completion of the Dictionary of^Na^
tional Biography Celebrated
at London.
LONDON. June 29.— There was & re
markable gathering of literary and artistic
ENGLISH LITTERATEURS
ADDRESSED BY CHOATE
and in this is it perhaps novel for a grand
Jury report.
The Supervisors are requested in -buy
ing supplies for the county to exercise
care and demand itemized accounts with
bills. '
The room devoted to the use of trial
jurors, at the Courthouse is found fily
adapted to the purpose, as persons on the
outside. can hear the discussions and de
liberations.
From a standpoint of- tnorality the
Grand Jury, calls attention to the side
entrances of saloons which, it declares,
have a "tendency to encourage vice and
licentiousness." and where women con
gregate and drink. The attention of the
authorities is called to "this open and
notorious evil to the end that they may
be awakened to the necessity of crushing
it out before greater harm can be done."
School Trustees of the various districts
of the county are reminded of the unsatis
factory condition of school yards. Also
that quite a number of children of the
legal school age are not attending school.
Prize-fighting as held In the count Y is
denounced and the attention of the Super
visors is called to the matter.
The Grand Jury believes a more econ
omical form of county government than
that-at present existing could be devised
and .would advise an amendment to the
State constitution empowering counties
to govern themselves by charters as cities
are now governed. It is believed that
with such a home government for coun
ties most of the scandal now connected
with Justice. courts could be done away
with and many other changes made for
the better. • . •
- It deplores that gambling is. being car
ried on in San Jose contrary to law, and
from a sense of duty is compelled Jo cen
sure the: Sheriff and Chief of Police for
permitting it. -
The recommendation is made that the
Supervisors reduce the price allowed the
Sheriff for feeding prisoners 25 per cent.
The present. rate is 22^ cents per day.
SAX JOSE, June 29.*— The Grand Jury —
E. J. Wilcox, chairman, and S. E. Smith,
secretary— rendered Its report before
Judge Lorljran this morning and was dis-.
charged. It is a short document, but
contains many worthy recommendations.
Side Entrances to Saloons Denounced
and Sheriff and Police Censured .
for Not Putting a Stop to
Gambling.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Grand Jury Hands, In Its
Report to Judge
Lorigan.
MANY REFORMS
ARE SUGGESTED
FOR SAN JOSE
By 730 o'clock the large structure was
in ruin*. The firemen were standing on
a *ire escape on the side of the building.
They had two streams of hose out and
were rlayinK on the flre. when suddenly
th* walls" began to topple, and in Bpltt of
thouts of warning- ttoe men were caueht
end carried to the ground by tacjDUSSe*
of brick and timber which fell Williams
was taken out dead from under a mass
of brick and stone. His head was crushed.
Six others were po badly injured that
they were removed to the hospital.
Xhe property destroyed was valued at
jwono and the stock of patterns and ma
chinery probably %W,m more. Many of
the patterns cannot be "Placed The
company manufactured pipe fittings and
valves. ____^_^^____
PITTSBURG. June C3.-One f.rercan
was killed and ten nthers injured and
nearly 53C9.000 worth of property destroyed
in a fire in the machine shop of the Best
Manufacturing Company on Twenty-fifth
street to-day.
The dead man is David Williams, and
the list of the Injured Is as follows: Cap
tain Robert Edwards of No. 25 engine;
Peter Tantlinger. /may die: Timothy
Murphy. Lieutenant William Zlpe. Flre :
man Ziepler, Fireman Cavanaugh, Cap
tain McGuire. Harry Hart, George Pren
ter. Bert Lenox.
The f.re was discovered at 6:13 and the
flames spread j=o rapidly that in less than
a half hour the entire plant, four stories
h!^h and JW feet square, was burning, and
it inauß feared that adjoining property
would go. Three district companies of
the fire department were quickly on the
ground, however, and by hard work the
Sre -was kept within the original limits.
Property to the Value of $300,000
Destroyed at the Best Manu
facturing Company's #
Works.
One Fireman Killed and
Ten Injured by Falling
x Walls.
LIFE LOST IN
FACTORY FIRE
AT PITTSBURG
Miss Moore quieted Atkinson and start
ed to swim' in to shore with him. It was
hard work, and as fhe^neared the strand
.•-he was met by the life guards, who were
coming to her assistance. Mips Moore
was given a i?reat ovation by the hun
dreds who witnessed her daring and
brave act. Many thought in looking on
the rescue that both would be drowned,
as Atkinson was struggling with all the
desperation of a drowning 1 man.
As soon as sh*. reached the beach Miss
Moore went at once to her bathhouse.
She was very modest in discussing the
rescue and said to The Call correspond
ent that she was only too Klad to have
been able to swim well enough to aid the
man whose life she saved. Friends are
preparing to give her a great welcome
when she makes her appearance in the
opening production of "Mam'selle
'Awkins" to-morrow evening.
Atkinson made a desperate grab at her
and caught hold of her in a manner that
very nearly drowned thrm both. She
was for the time unable to aid the man
or help herself. She managed to break
the man's hold and at the same, time se
cure a safe hold herself, assuring him
that they were all right and she woujd
save him.
ATLANTIC CITY, X. J., June 29.— Ethel
Moore of San Francisco, a member of
"Mam'selle 'Awklns" company, was the
heroine to-day of one of the most daring
rescues from the surf that has been made
this Feason. She was in bathing when
William Atkinson, a wealthy business
man of Germantown. Pa., who was swim
ming far out beyond the other bathers,
called for help. Miss Moore, who is an
excellent swimmer, was nearer Atkinson
than any of the other bathers. She at
once struck out for the man and reached
him just In time.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
Swims to the Aid of a Sinking Man
and Is Herself Almost Drowned
Because of His Frantic
Struggling-.
San Francisco Actress Makes
a Daring Rescue at
Atlantic City.
ETHEL MOORE
SAVES A LIFE
IN THE SURF
jr NGELS CAMP. June 29.— The anniversary of the nation's Independence
A will be fittingly celebrated at this place on the Fourth of July. Great
/ 1 preparations have been made for the event, and it is expected that many
' \ people will gather in this town from other parts of the county and give
•*• *\fnt to their patriotism on that occasion.
T'nder the direction of W. R. Bair of Oakland suitable exercises will be
given in the morning, nnd Miss Georgia Bra'Jn will occupy a conspicuous
place as Goddess of Liberty, surrounded by young ladies representing the thir
teen opis:in&l States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The day will be opened by the national salute at sunrise. At 10 o'clock
there will be a parade consisting of floats, the several fraternal societies, fire
company, National Guards, pioneers and ex-solaiers, bands and Rough Riders.
Judge F. G. Ostrander was appointed president of the day and Hon. F. H.
Short of Fresno, orator.
In the afternoon The Heesemans of Oakland and the Merced baseball teams
will cross bats at Recreation Park. In the evening there will be a display of fire
works and the celebration will be concluded, with a grand ball.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
/
MERC*]D, June 29.— The various committees are hard at work perfecting
the arrangements for the celebration to be held here on the Fourth of
July. The committee has chosen Miss Mamie Ryan of this cjty to per
sonate the Goddess of Liberty. Miss Ryan Is very popular here and
when Jier name was proposed she was selected without further contest.
Miss Florence Leggett and Miss Florence Dixon will be attendants to
the Goddess. Every effort is being exerted to have this celebration a great suc
cess and one long to be remembered In the vicinity.
... y • -
MISS MAMIE RYAN, WHO WILL IMPERSONATE THE GODDESS OP
LIBERTY AT MERCED.=
It may. of course, be urged, and »r mnst
indeed be admitted, that Hawthorne has
in various ways paid the penalty of his
inherited spirituality and of his morbidly
sensitive nerves. He is afraid of actirA
life; he knows nothing and suggests noth
ing of its acrid, primal Joys; t? he is ai>
aristocrat, he is also an absentee. He has
the dreamer's dim eye for the immediate
fact. The minute details nf conventional
life escape him. The subtleties of man*
ncr and thought in human intercourse
that a highly developed civilization gen
erates have in his writings found no rec
ord. He simplifies life Into its elements
and even among them he chooses onl?
those that are the most rarefied, and lr»
working them into his art he still further
refines them. His Faun, doubtless, used
Ivory-handled brushes and Lubin : s
pomades. "We can hardly fancy Haw
thorne caring for Mulvaney or Ortheris.
Yet. with all his refinement and with;
all his vislonarlness, how little affecta
tion there is in him and what a largo
store of genial humanity. Conjurer h«
may be. but you would never suspect 4t
from his manner and his dress. He affects
no solemn frown, he utters no hollow
sounding 1 rhodomontade: there Is no flour
ishing of a wizard's wand. In that mem
orable and, when one considers it. aston
ishingly artificial chapter that describes
Judge Pyncheon sitting dead, the night
through, in Hepzibah's parlor, the ton»
of the narrative is from tirst to last col
loquial and Ironical, merely the somewhat
idealized tone of daily speech. There is
no trace of a sepulchral, melodramatic
Intonation. .Our nerves may now and then
crisp as we follow Hawthorne through
the shadowed regions of his stories, and
we may feel as we look back on them
that life Is not often so persistently sin
haunted as he depicts it. Yet even
through the most- melancholy tracts of
his narrative there breathes the fragrance
that the human affections disseminate;
there are winds that move tn and fro with
healing in their wings: the heavens ar»
never brazen; the air is never sullen or
tainted with hopelessness. Hawthorns
was a loyal. If remote, lover of hla fel
lows, and his love of them and faith in
them have given to all "he has written a
prevailing tone of sweet an<l tender hu
manity. LEWIS E. GATE 3.
Harvard University. _ ."'
far as possible from being: a mere fancy
monger or purveyor of artificial strange
dreams. His Puritan ancestors rule him
from their graves, and throughout hia
writings there runs the spiritual intensity
of Puritanism— its visionary faith in the
unseen — freed from that pedantic religi
osity of phrase and thought, that rlgidlt:j»
and ascerblty of temper and that distrust
of whatever pleases the senses that In th«*
case of the Puritans themselves caused
the disguise of their essentially poctia
fervor behind so crusty an exterior
CELEBRATION OF THE
FOURTH AT ANGELS CAMP
MIES GEORGIA BRAUK, WHO WILL REPRESENT THE GODDESS OF
LIBERTY AT ANGELS CAMP.
Miss Georgia Braun to Act as Goddess of
Liberty Surrounded bu Young Ladles
Representing Original States.
To read one of Hawthorne's great ro
mances slowly and appreciatively, sub
jecting one's self thoroughly to its influ
ence, is to temper one's self more finely
for all time. Hawthorne was in art an
aristocrat, and his stories, long or short,
are delicately exclusive in style and tone
and subject matter. Everything takes on
quality that passes through Hawthorne' 3
mind and into his prose. Read the "House
of the Seven Gables" and then go to Salem
and look at the unredeemed facts of Salem
streets and life. Or read the "Mosse3
From an Old Manse" and then consider at
Concord the actual, pathetic, weather
beaten structure. Out of harsh or trivial
facts Hawthorne has in each case wrought
a counterfeit presentment that is full of
tender human interest. ,of pathos, of hu
mor, of wise suggestion as regards the
and the value of our wayward
life on this partl-colored earth ball— full
of picturesque light and shade and dreamy
beauty. These instances are characteristic
of his entire treatment of the world of
fact. The fineness and distinction of Haw
thorne's temperament, the serene wisdom
of his Interpretation ,of human nature,
even when he is most fantastic and
busiest with morbid types, and the power
of his style as a transfiguring medium to
give a lucent charm to whatever it brings
before the reader are too often forgotten
in these days of universal scribbling.
Hawthorne has been sketched by his bi
ographer as often skating "until midnight,
all alone, upon Sebago Lake, with the deep
shadows of the icy hills on either hand."
This picture may well symbolize (the word
is a favorite one with Hawthorne) the
novelist's remoteness from ordinary life.
There used to be a legend that while at
Salem Hawthorne "never saw the sun."
Though this legend Is false, true It is that
he rarely stirred out until after nightfall;
then he took long:, solitary walks through
the deserted streets and by the sea. There
was something of the night In his disposi
tion; "he was fonder." as Sir. James has
said, "of being absent than of being pres
ent." And the worlds he creates or reveals
in his novels— these, too, like Hawthorne
himself, are shadowed and full of elusive
ness; the characters "drop from the
clouds"; they come vaguely out of a half,
suspected past; they are just real enough
to make us much of the time forget their
symbolic suggestions; and yet they speed
ily startle us again into a shivering sense
of their other-worldllness. of their dubious
origin and their mysterious mission; they
are creatures set apart; they beckon us
to strange knowledge: we catch from them
now and then a glance full of meaning:;
yet they will not stay to be questioned,
but turn again to some homely or tenderly
human task. Hester Prynne, Pearl, Zeno
bia. the Faun, poor Clifford and even
Hilda all have this tantalizing suggestive
ness and elusiveness.
Yet these half-symbolic characters, in
spite of their trick of now and then seem
inr for a moment but ghosts, capture our
belief and lay hold of our imaginations
far more than Hawthorne's perfectly
possible characters, like Kenyon or Miles
Coverdale. They are indeed Hawthorne's
most genuine creations — spirit of his
spirit and dream of his dream. They are,
moreover, the perfectly natural people
to find dwelling in those twilight cham
bers, or moving along those dimly out
lined streets, or flitting somewhat inex
plicably through those country lanes and
forest depths that Hawthorne's imagin
ation loved to describe— regions where the
homeliest objects flash out sudden
glimpses of an inner spiritual meaning.
In the "House of the Seven Gables"
Hawthorne somewhere speak 3 with de
lightfully characteristic patronage of "the
big, heavy, solid unrealities, such as gold,
landed estate, offices of trust and emol
ument and public honors." "What, then,
are the realities?" one can fancy a. mod
ern stock broker asking. Hawthorne's
When a reader turns back to Hawthorne
from our modern romances one of the first
impressions is of the distinction of Haw
thorne's work. Our modern romances are
noisy; they have a theatrical glare and
clatter; they lack subtlety and depth of
experience and wisdom and poetry. They
seem the clever but shallow work of me
chanical artists. Their authors know the
tricks of their trade; they are lavish of
local color; they deck out their heroes and
heroines wisely with virtues and foibles In
due proportion, and lead them skillfully
through many hairbreadth escapes to a
happy Issue out of their infirmities. But
when all is said and done, these romances
are only books for a day, and they leave
us where they found us, unless perhaps
they have teased us out of a headache.
LITERfIRY TALKS AND REMINISCENCES.
nr.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eatery
series of romances may ba taken «4
merely an artfully contrived answer to
some such question. In trying to sum
marize this answer one can hardly avoid
using: the old-fashioned, trite words love,
poetry, human sympathy, beauty, stn. ex*
platlon. reverence, worsMp and the like*
r*or though Hawthorne can sco in tha
dark and luxuriates in mystery, he has
none of the modern <Ijcader.fs priggish
disdain for whatever is normal. His ro
mances, as he himself has substantially
answered us, "do not swerve aside from
the truth of the human heart." He is as
HAWTHORNE: BY PROFESSOR GATES OF HARVARD,
GODDESS OF LIBERTY
IS CHOSEN AT MERGED
Committee Arranges an Interesting Pro
gramme for the Celebration of
the Fourth. /
"Both the burghers and, the foreigners
who are arriving here profess a strong
belief that it will take from three to six
months to subdue the Boers."
Another dispatch from Lourenzo Mar
ques says:
"A consignment of a foreign firm mark
ed 'Dutch cheese — damaged,' proved on
landing to contain army boots for the
Boers. It passed the customs, neverthe
less, with unusual dispatch, and the Brit
ish Consul is making protestations to the
Portuguese Government."
A Cape* Town dispatch reports an at
tempt by the Boers to blow up the ar
tillery barracks and magazine at Pre
toria. It is added that an artilleryman,
who frustrated the attempt by withdraw
ing a lighted fuse, was killed by a Boer,
whom the soldiers afterward attempted
to lynch.
"Hunter continued his march yesterday
taword the Vaal River unopposed. Many
•farmers along the route have surrendered.
The Springs, the terminus of the railway
from Johannesburg, due east, was attack
ed yesterday morning. The Canadian regi
ment, which'garrisoned the place, beat off
the enemy. No casualties are reported.
Lieutenant North, reported missing
after the attack on the construction
train, is a prisoner of the Boers."
Boer official reports from Machadodorp
aver that a part of a British convoy was
captured on June 24 near Winburg.
The Lourenio Marques correspondent of
the Times says:
"Methuen found yesterday that the Boer
laager near Vachkop and Spitzkop had
been hastily removed in the direction of
Lindley. He followed the enemy twelve
miles and captured 8000 she«>p and 500 head
of cattle, which the enemy had seized in
that neighborhood. Our casualties were
four men wounded.
"On the previous day near Ficksburg
Boyes' brigade was in action with a body
of the enemy. Our casualties were two
officers killed, four men wounded and one
man misslnjr.
"PRETORIA. June 29.— Paget reports
from Lindley that he was engaged on
June 26 with a body of the enemy, who
were strongly reinforced during the day.
A convoy of stores for the Lindley garri
son was also attacked on -June 26, but
after a heavy rear-g^iard action the con
voy reached Lindley in safety. Our
casualties were ten killed and four offi
cers and about fifty men wounded. The
fight reported yesterday was under Lieu
tenant Colonel Grenfell, not Dreiper. Bra
bant came up during the engagement. To
tal casualties of the two columns, three
killed and twenty-three wounded.
LONDON', June 30. 4:20 a. m.— Active
Boer guerrilla operations are reported
from half a dozen points in Orange River
Colony. The War Office has received the
following from Lord Roberts:
Its Defenders Suffer a Loss of Ten
Men Killed and Four Officers
and About Fifty Men
Wounded.
BRITISH CONVOY BARELY
SITED FROM CAPTURE
Guerrilla Bands Deliver
Attacks at a Half- .
Dozen Points.
BOERS KEEP
THE INVADING
FORCES BUSY
THE SAN FKAOSTCISCa CALL, SATURDAY, JXT^vE 30, 1900.
Has Persistently Refused to Talk
His Crime and Made No Part
ing Speech From the
Gallows.
9
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
HAWTHORNE.
THOMAS W.FL.ANNEIXY, WHO
WAS HANGED AT SAN
QUENTIN, PRISON.
"The doctor ?aid to my husband, 'You
must stop both coffee and tea, as your
nerves -nd kidneys are in a very bad
state You can use Postum Food Cof-
fee for there is nothing healthier as a
d-ink '
"I bought a package of Postum.
made it according to directions, and it
was splendid. Husband quickly got
Well and cannot say enough in praise oJ
Postum. We have used neither tea nor
coffee fincc. One d3y a short time ag^>
a friend took dinner with me and asked
for a second cup of 'that delicious cof-
fee.' She was surprised to hear it was
Postum. as she had tried Postum before
end it was weak and tasteless, but when
she found out that it must be boiled
quite a long time in order to bring out
the food value and the taste, she adopt-
ed it and is now using it entirely.
children as well as the 'grown-ups' are
delighted with it.
"f was formerly troubled with kidney
complaint myself, but that has all disap-
peared since I have been using Postum
and quit coffee. Please do not make
my name public." . Pittsburg. Pa.
The name of this lady can be given
by the Po=tum Cereal Co. Ltd., Battle
Creek. Mich.
Join With the Children.
"GROWN-UPS."
POSTTJM CEEEAX.LIVERPOOL. '
Wheat— .. • July. . Sept.
Opening". 6 2U 6 3%
Closing .....6 3% 6 5>A
M-%M PAKISiSSW^I
Wheat— June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening ...20 70 22 00
Closing 20 65 22 05
. Flour —
Opening 28 20 . 2» 90
Closing ;..............:•.... 23 10 , . 28 95
Chicago Livestock Market.
•CHICAGO, June 25.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3000:
steers, generally steady; butchers' stock, choice
steady, others slow. Natives— Best on sale to
day, three carloads at J5 60; good .., to prime
steers, $5 2CQT. SO; poor to medium, $4 50@5 10;
selected- feeders, J3 7S®4 70; . mixed stockers,
$2 50^3 70; 'cows, $2 $55/4 35;- heifers, - J3@4 75;
canners. $2@2 75; bulls, $2 f.0:3!4 60;. calves, $4 CO
(gG 75. Texana — Receipts, £00; best on sale to
day, V three carloads at $5; Texas fed, steers,
strong " and ¦ Inactive. H 40®3 50; Texas, grass
stears, $3 "oQ 1 ! 25; Texas bullF. $2 75{f3 25.'
: HOGS — Receipts " to-doy, 24,C<K1; . to-morrow,
15,000; left uver.'4Coo: lO^ISc. lower: moderately
active; top. $5 27%: mixed and butchers, $5 10^
5 1714; good to choice heavy/ 15 20>S 5 27^; rough
heavy, $5 05« iS 13: light, $5 05® 3 27H; bulk of
sales. Jo 17Vi((?5 22V4. \
I SHEEP— Receipts. 5000: sheep and , lambs,
steady to slow; good to choice wethers, $4*34 75;
fair to choice mixod.>s3 20*?T4 20: Western sheep.
$4@4 75: -Texas shr-ep. $3 50^4 40:. native laryhs,
tciliS; Western ¦ lambs, : fi 75@6; . spring lambs,
?5?j6 50. ¦ \ " .
Nezv York ' Metal Market. '
; NEW YORK, June 23.— The market. for. iron
ruled very -weak in . th 6 f local ; market. " Phlla- |
delphla' reports a further reduction" of 60c, 1 mak
ing the decline for, the week : about $160: Offl
clali, statistics of 'exports of Iron; and vsteel :
from - the • United '• ."¦. States - ; for j the. first - five
months . of this year y show a- falling • off "of
AjtnteMßV«fot<«gSi«e»j'* J .'««f«t-- ¦ " •'¦-.
Foreign Futures.
NEW YORK, June 29.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
: ings at the principal cities for the week ended
June 2S, with the percentage of Increase and '
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentages.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec
New York W53.076.754 .... 16.4
Boston 105.15L167 .... jg.g
Chicago 140.623.203 11.8
PhiUdelphla 88.704.552 11.3
St. Louis " 30.877.740 7.9
Pittsburg 32.455.574 16.9
Baltimore 19,263.565 3.6
San Franfcsco 16.306,033 7.9
j Cincinnati 15,742.250 10.0 ....
I Kansas City ........ 13.448.311 16.7
i New Orleans 7,7E3,521 13.1 ....
! Minneapolis 12,412,870 34.7
! I>troit 7.723,537 6.3
Cleveland 10.950.798 27.3
Louisville 7.522.000 27.S
Providence 6,647,700 2.8
(Milwaukee 5.422,923 .... 2.2
I St. Paul 4.838,671 30.5 ....
Buffalo 4.558.771 8.2
Omaha 6.624.566 21.5
Indlannpolis 16.145,587 4.6 ....
Columbus. Ohio 6.333.400 28.0 '....
Savannah 3,612.270 70.9
IVnver 3.7^f!.&«7 16.2
'Hartford 2,0«;.65'2 J.I
Richmond 3.2&7.U.0 3.2 ......
Memphis 1.553.652 54.4
Washington 2.330,105 S.t ..t.
Peorla 1.740.159 .... V U
Rochester 1.549.652 6.6
Hew Haven ........ 1.244,229 .... 19.8
Worcester 1,030.719 .... 10.5
Atlanta 1.104.635 .... 11.3
Salt Lake City 2.051.2C7 .... 4.1
i Springfield. Mass... 339,305 .... 31.9
I Fort Worth 2.C22.K4 11.7
Portland. Me 935.951 41.8
Portland. Or 1.807,128 15.5 ....
St. Joetph 4,705.011 *».«
Lor Angeles 2,042,424 26.7.
Norfolk . 1.313.545 7.1
Syracuse.. &90.0. r ,O '. 5.C
Dcs MolnesT 1.193.R16 5.2
Nashville 1,034.346 8.4 ?.;
Wilmington. Pe1.... 8*6.569 17.6 ....
Fall River 741.131 16.1 7.7.
Scrantcn ' 1.130.558 ..;.
Orand Rapids 993.424 19.S
AufruEta, «3a C 25.708 ..... 45.1
Lowell C 27.834 16.3
Dayton. Ohio 1.035. 1fi» 9.8 ....
Prattle 2.522.073 65.1
Tacoma 350,710 2.9
Spokruio 845.190 .... 25.2
Sioux City L 125.152 -40.8
I New BMford ....... • 540.503 $7.5 ....
I Knoxvllle. Tenn..^ 454.409 S.I- ....
Tojieka 772.170 36.8
Ulrrnlngham • 818.948 60.2 ....
Wichita... 451.674 1.4
Bir.shamton 380.800 2.4 ' ....
Lexington, Ky 331,130 6.0
Jacksonville,- Fla... 220.520 16.* ....'
KoJamaxoo 435,364 46.4 ...;
I Akron 259.800 .... 7.9
Chattanooga S97.ISJ . 43.3 .;..
I Ilockford, 111 ?21,»0S 7.1 ..'..
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. June 29. -It took about fifteen
irinutes of trading after the opening of stocks
to demonstrate' the disinclination of stocks to
ocntlnue the advance which aroused the hopes
of the bulls yesterday. The market started off
uith a great «how of animation and a semb
lance of strength. Prices of Americans were
tip in London, but whether this symptom was
tlie result of operations by cable from this
tide Ss of^n to inference. At all events tbe
edvance in prices seemed to be designed for
the benefit of the shorts, who were anxious to
cover after yesterday*.* rise. The demand from
this element iva.s so liberally fed that It made
• Hgtit impression on prices and after it was
satisfied the market became notably soft. .The
jnovement afterward was irregularly downward
(M a sisaii anoust of business. A great many
trokera left the street and the ma.rket fell
Into a condition of lassitude. A languid move
ment cf prices during the latter part of the
<3ay was largely governed by the fluctuations
in the wheat market, stocks sagging again
vheu the price of wheat raJlied. Sugar and
tome of the steel stocks pave varying evidence
cf strength. Otherwise there was no striking
feature In the market and the closing showed
very little net changes and irregular and un
certain fluctuations. The money market was
e-jrpriFingly quiet up to the close.
Bonds were in better request than stocks
and prices are higher. Total gales, par value,
(1.16.000.
United States refunding 2s, when issued, ad
vanced •> and tbe old 4s : » in the bid price.
PXEW YORK STOCIC LIST.
Closlne
I Stocks— bid.
Atchison rref'<i 71H
, Baltimore & Ohio 71H
2JO Canadian Pacific £9
........ Canada. Southern *7M
1,158 Chesapeake & Ohio 25
400 Chicago Great Western 10%
8,250 Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy 123%
2W Chicago. Ind. & Louisville IS>4
....... Chicago. Ind. & Louisville prefd 4$
Chicago & East Illinois 95
COO Chicago & Northwestern 167
2.545 Chicago, Rock Inland & Pacific... lo4H
310 C. C. C & St Louis £6
Colorado Southern 6
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 40
Colorado Southern 24 prefd 16
154 Delaware & Hudson 110^
200 Delaware. Lackawanna & Western. l 76
Denver & Rio Grande 11%
Denver 6z Rio Grande prefd C6'i,
Erie 10-i
300 Erie Ist srefd 33%
703 Great Northern rrefd 14!<
Hocking Coal 13
Hocking Vailey 33%
Illinois Central 110»4
100 lowa Central 17<
130 lowa Central prefd 43
100 Kansas City. Pittsburff & Gulf 14
Lake Erie & Western 26
120 Lake Erie & Western prefd SS
....... Lake Shore 204H
2.00) LoulKVllle & Nashville 74Vj
2.13S Manhattan L S6Vi
1,462 . Metropolitan Street Railway 147 l H
f.49 Mexican Central ; 12^
300 Minneapolis & St I.«oui* 46Vi
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd SS -
3.725 Missouri Paclflc 4S
Mobile & Ohio 25
Missouri. Kansas & Texas 10
200 Missouri. Kansas A Texas prefd.. 31
Tlfi New Jersey Central 123
K1.250 New York Central 127' i
1.700 Norfolk & Wentern 315»
Norfolk & Western prerd 76
13.750 Northern Pacific "io"i
LliO Northern PariCc jirefd 70?»
210 Ontario & Western 15>£
Orepon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd. 76
f..GW Per.mrlvania 123"i
DM Rcadinir, l<i\
IXTTW {UadlnK Ist prefd , 35%
J.r.14 reading 2<i r-r^fd 2gn
pjo <lrande Western 591^
Rio Grande W<«ti m preM S7
2"V) Ft L»v_:ii< &, San Francisco S8
St I> *.- San Francisco Ist prefd <X\i
St L & San Fnuicisco 24 prcrd 21* i
7Jt» St I^)U!?. S'luthw^tern !«i
i.4W Pt LtAils. St>uthuestern prefd 24
!..029 St Paul '. HO
St Paul prefd 171
£t I'uul & Omaha 110
tl Zl* coutharn Pacific 21%
CV) S?out!i*m lUilway 10%
¦*.V> Southern liallway prefd £7
I.Bo* Tcxn» ft Pariflc 14
B.S*;.' l>.lon I'aoiSc fo
1.405 L'nlon J'ac'.Se prefd 71^4
WabasJi .'- 7
Wibach prefd 17%
375 Whetling &¦ Lake Erie SM
¦ SuO Whrt>Hnq & Lake Erie 2d prefd.. 22
Wisconsin Central 13
Expresa Companies — '
Adan-.s 115
American 110
....... United t=tate» ..• ...45
Wclls-Farro 1....1 M
' MiaCfllanrous— ? '
t;o Acierican Cotton 0H............'...... 32
EASTERN MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight - *Wf
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 4 S<^ 4
Sterling Cables — * «
New York Exchange, sight .... — - 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — «H
Silver, per ounce.... - 61%
Mexican Dollars, nominal wtt —
Wheat and Other Grains.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris continued to
decline. It was thought that Chicago would
open weak, as some of the etronsreat holders
gave up Thursday, and cables were weak, with
large Argentine shipments, but the opening
was steady. There was a decline from 80c to
70-VjC. but the market subsequently rallied, clos
ing at SITiC. There were mroe buyers than
sellers, tut less action. The condition of the
Illinois crop, af given by the State report, was
67. Xorthwestern receipts were 134 cars. The
trade hnd not recovered tone and was still
timid, even when prices began to harden. For
eign orders were to buy. A large elevator
concern was working a heavy line from Kansas
to Minnei.Dolls. There was a renewed cash
demand at Duluth, where July advanced %c.
There was a good and improving spot demand
at Chlcuro ana all other markets.
The local market was firm in sympathy with
Chicago an>i advanced 2c on call. - ¦
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05; milling, ?1 OTH
per ctl.
Informal Session — S:IS o - clock— December—
4000, |1 14; 10,000. $1 IS\; 16.C00, $1 13%.
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls, |1 1#H;
SOOO, $1 13,4 .
Kf-gular Mornlnr Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— December — 2000 ctls, »1 17?4;
40,000, n 17.
BARLEY— Futures y«re somewhat firmer In
sympathy with Wheat,- but the spot mark't was
unchanged.
-Feed, C7V4@7oc for No. 1 and 62»4@65c for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades. 75®S0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No pales.
Second Session — No sales. „ -?-;
Regular Morning Scse.on— December— 2Coo ct!s,
7rHc . \ , \i: ;¦.'¦'; :*,;
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS — Prices show some alteration. TheT*. i<
a bttter demand, though the market is r.i.t
really active.
White, $1 10@l 25; Surprise, $1 27^@1 35; Kad.
$1«|1 15; Gray, $1 07^(^1 15; Black. $igi 10 per
ctl. -
CORN — Eastern large Yellow. Jl l"Vi@l 20 per
ctl; Eastern White, -$1 IVA@I 20 per ctl; Mixed,
II 15® 1 17%.
RYE— B7»4c for new and >2®95c for old.
BUCKAS HEAT — Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 6053 73.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40®3 DO; Oresron
and Washington, fi 75<®3 10 per barrel for faiu
lly, and $3 13(53 50 for bakers'; Eastern, $4 50
ftC 60 p«r barrel.
.MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol-
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Ryu
Meat, 12 60; Rice Flour. V: Corn Meal, $2 73;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oaf Groats. $4 30: Hom
iny, $3 504f3 75; Buckwheat- Flour, $411123;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50: Farina. J4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels) J6#
7 25, In sacks. $5 7'.@7; Pearl Barley. $3; Spin
Ptas. $3; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 Ib 3.
Hay and Feedstuff s
Old Hay Is rather firm than otherwise, but
new is \v*nk and dull. Rolled Barley, .Mixed
Teed nnd Bran are weaker.
BRAN— JI2 r.0(?13 CO per ton.
IIIDDLINGS-$17@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26<5'27; jobbing.
$2T $0(^28; Cocoantit Cake, J20©21: Corn Meal,
$24 50; Cracked Corn, $25; Mixed Feed, $14.
HAY— Wheat. $7 6V®9 00 for common to good,
$10 for choice: Wheat and Oat.-$7 50@9 50; Oat.
SG sOiffS: Alfalfa. J5/B" CO per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, J4 SC«J6 60: Wheat.
$6;<M?S; Clover, $4 50ff6; Alfalfa. $3®7; Barley.
STRAW— 25S37'.i'c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Fair sales of Beans were reported yesterday at
un^liar.eed quotations.
11F.ANS— Bayos, $2 So®3: Small White, $»25@
3 40:larce White, .$2 7353; Pink. $2 50®2 90;
ReJ,- $2 50^3: Blackeye, : ,$3 50^3 73; . Butters,
nominal: Lima. $3 C&35 40; Pea. $3 4033 SO; Red
Kidney*. $«5?4 £0. ,
SEEDS— Brown , Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax. $1 90©2 20; Canary. 3%e per
lb 'or California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa.
nominal: Rape, 2V402c:» Hemp, 4fj.4Vic; Timo
thy. "4@4^4c. /
, DRIED PEAS-Nlles.*s2 K#2 M; Green, $2 23
Q2 [0' per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Oni4ns rv-le firm at the advance. Potatoes
ar e fteady. Vegetables show little change.
I'Ot VI OEF— Oregon Rurhanks. . GCiji V.i- : New
Earlyi r.ose, 40(350c ; Ne w Burbanks. 43@73c per
° oNIONS— New Red. 75@Soc; Sllverskins. tt 23
Green Corn, 75c@$l 25 per.
pack |for - Vacaville, 73@S5c per crate lor
Berke^py ana S l ® l 50 - for. Alameda; Asparaeus.
s('cfisU7s *x*r .box fo;ioimnon to choice and
J"i(i2'if for.faiKV l'nje; Gre«n Peas. ?I<sl sfi per
sack" ptrlnff: Beans. irj'Vic: Cabbace.. 4fW(JiO2;
Tomatoes. -73c«?l: Rivtis. $1 £D*j2; Ees Plant.
sSi7c; (>reen Oksi. 20c: Oreen Peppers. K<gBc for
Chili apd s©l2Hc for Bell; Dried Peppers. S©lor;
Carrot. ¦' 25&35 C per sack; Summer Squash, 25c
per bi* for. Vacaville and 35^7 5Cc for Alameda;
Cucurib era - 50<ff7Sc for Alameda and 232i40c per
box for Marysville; new Garlic, 2®3c per lb. '
\ Poultry and Game.
TurSO's and , Ducks • arc •; lower, and dull.
Ev'erythinß else stands about" the same. Fine
large . Roosters are ' firm and sell well.
Good fit Hens are not over, plentiful.
* port TRY— Live Turkeys, 9®loc for Gobblers
and -19#l lc for. Hens; Geese,, per pair, fl 25®
I 3714- Goslings, $1 25@1 60; Ducks, $3©4 for old
I and' s3S' 4 for young; Hens, $45?5; youngr Roos-
I ters -5* .50©«; old Roosters, $3 50@4 50; Fryers."
Stocks were dull on the Bond Exchange, ¦with
no particular changes. The oil stocks showed
rather more life and fluctuation, aa will be
seen by the list of sales.
The Market-street Railway Company has de
clared a. quarterly <J!-vldend of 60 cents per
share, payable July 10.
The Pacific Steel Metal Works will pay a
monthly dividend of 50 cents per share July 7.
STOCK. AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAT, June 23-2 p. m.
BM.Aai. 1 Bl'I.A»».
IT S Honda— |Eqult G L Co. 3Ms 3-^»
4s quar coup.. llaVill^i i Mutual El Co. 123*13
4s do reg m^m^O GL & H 47^ 4S'i
4s do cp new.. 134 134'ijPac Gas Imp.. 47 43*
2s quar coup..l(j3 lttkfr'ac l - C(> Id^i *+*
Miscellaneous— SF G & E.... 4S 4S^i
Cal-st Cab is.. 119 — js-an Francisco. 4h%. a
C C Water as.U-SH — pi*n Ust vi li. —
Ed L & P 65. .125^. — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 65.. — lIS Flrem's Fund.2^Vj —
Geary-it R La. — xi Bank Stocks —
II C& S si*s. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd- ST,% TO
Do is — — Hank of Cal... — —
L A Ry Z5.... 104^103^, Cal SD & T..105 —
LALt Co bs. — — First Na.icnai — 290
Do gntd 63.. — — Lcn P& a 131 IC3
L A itntd ?»...100 — Merchants' Ex li —
>LA P R R ss. — lOl'-i Nev Nat Bk.. — —
; Harkat-sr *».-.12* — Savings L"anks—
; Do Ist M Ss. US - Gtr 8 & L....15J0 i — l)
NCN G X 'n. — 114 Hum S & L.. — —
NR if Cal to.tpnfclM Mut Say 8k... 4i —
Ixv 5a 117%117=i *» F Snv IZ Cvi —
NPC R R 63.1H1 - »a* * So— •< 71
DoJs 108 - :Sec Say Ek.... - -
Ndl R P 13.1U - iLnion T C 0.... — —
Oak C. L&H's.lll Tt*i,rZ S !!Z?* 1 Rallro*.'*—
Oak Tran 65. . .11&H119 1 --* CaJlf orn!a ICr!J —
llrk \« > 1 •*.. _ l»-n"-«l »-n"-« —
Oceanic S Co.'.tC3% - jMarket-st Ry.. Ctf M
On CRy ts..l& — •' *! - * **¦••• - «?i
P& Cl Ry «5.104H — tPrrcldlo IS —
P4ORII 6s. lts — I !•¦•¦<• '-t-?r stocks— ¦
Pcwell-st R Ss.l2tf — [California — l.sn
m«- I. * OR^s. — - iGJant Con Co.. 8G5 4 g3
SF & SJV 3s. —,i:o iVigont :' 7 , #i
SRy of Cal 65.1114114 i *•"««' .<tork9—
S P of A 69...1135H4 1 4' Ilara s p Co- B*i SH
fc 1' C 6stl«!5).ll-> me, iHaw C&S Co.. W —
Do (19C5) ....111^113 iHcnokaa S Co 33 -
Do <m 2) ....Hi 122/ i Hutch S P. Co. 2i\ -
FPRC lstgntSs — — .Kilauea S Co.— 20*4
P F" Tsr S» I*> — JMakaWell SCo 46^ 47
S V Water 65. 113 UJ% i On^mea S Co. — 13
Do 4a niji4lyj>-;Paauhau S Cc. 31 Sl*i
Da 3>l mt?...101 1 i — M "^tinr.eous-
Strvcktn Gia «•» 9'J — |A 1 Pack Assn.ll7HllS
Water tfck*— ; Cal Fruit Asn. 9<! ICO
Contra Costa.. 70 71 liter Xx Assn.. »7 100
Msr.n ou«tv. f«- ¦- lOceanic S Co.. 92'j S3
Sprirg Valley. 81% 33 i>Mc A F A.... i —
ocia & K.»ctric— Pac C Bor Co.lii —
r-nr n t. r>~ . _ _ i>ar vaint Co.. w —
Cent L & PCo 4Vi S
Morning Session.
Beard—
1 Alaska Packers* Assn 11? CO
13 Giant Powder Con 87 CO
40 Honokaa S Co 33 00
25 Honokaa S.Co, s 3 33 00
73 Paauhau S P Co 31 CO
JICOO Oceanic S S Cond3 106 CO
Street— '
13 Alaska Packers' Assn 117 73
2CO Contra Costa Water 70 30
10 Makawe'.i S Co 4S 73
Afternoon Session.
Beard — f
23 Honokaa S Co 33 00
£3 Hutchlnscn S P Co 24 SO
100 Kilauea. S P Co 19 gTt^
S Makaweli S Co 4ft 75
50 Oakland Gas ;. «s OD
tO S F Gas & Electric Co. b 10 43 50
33 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 37^i
ICO S F Gaa & Electric Co. b 19 49 25
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 2a
5 S V Water, casft 34 75
Street—
1«) Alaska Packers' Assn ...117 73
11000 Los Angeles Ry Cs ........;:103 00
$1000 Oceanic S S Bond 3 106 0O
123 Paauhau S P Co 31 CO
c PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
4MHome OIL 4 53
10 Kern River ....WOO
25 Kern River IS SO
CO Kern River 15 00
5011 City Petroleum 17 00
2flo Twenty-Eight 123
23 Twenty-Eight X 20
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Twenty-Eight 120
500 West Lake S3
100 We«t ¦ Lake, s 5 ?. S4
' MINING STOCKS. ¦
The following were the sales in the Sin
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yestea-
Mornlnr Session.
100 Relcher 1.8 1O Crown Point... 0»
100 Caledonia 110 70>) Sivage 15
100 Con Cal & Va.l &¦>] l« Inion Con 21
200 Con New York 02; \X> Y?!low Jacket. 15
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 06 140 Could & CuTry 12
100 Andes *> too Yellow Jacket.. 1*
100 Caledonia 1 10
The following were the sales In the Paclfto
•Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornin; Session.
KM Confidence 75 2W Stiver Hill .... 1
1000 Justice ...>...-. 0.. 3.*) t.n!on Con .... Ji
300 Ophir 73 4UO Yellow Jacket.. 14
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
FRIOAY, JUNE 23—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask.! Eld.Aak.
Alpha 03 2H- ustlce •¦• « US
Alta 2? 03 KentucX _ 01
Andes J3 '>. Lady Wash.... - 03
Belcher V 15 Mexican X) X
Beft"& BelcH?r 2. 2S OpcUlental 11 12
Bullion ** Oa Ophir 71 72
Caledonia 110 1 loOverman is M
Chollar • -• 1? 1> Potosi 1.1 10
Challenge Con., lo 16 Savage 13 16
Confidence 7> — : Scorpion : C 2 —
Con Cs! <* Vil 55 160 Fe«: Belcher 0" 03
Con Imperial... — 01 fl*rra Nevada.. 20 Z>)
' Cnn New York. 01 — Silver -Hill .... 37 40
Eureka C0n.... — 3^ St. Liuis C> '— ¦
frown. Point OS try Standard 400¦» 43
Exchequer «1 02 Syndicate 07 -
Gould & Curry 12 IS Union Con .... 20 22
Ha!e & Norcrs 11 2S Utah 12 13
Julia — V 2 Yellow Jacket.. 14 15
NEW TORK, June 29. — R. G. Dun' & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
The country begins to feel some of the effects
of Its new place among the nations. Influences
affecting its business during, the i week ranged
all the way from a boycott at St. Louis to a
war In South Africa and from sun spots to the
relief of Peklne.
The long effort to hold nominal prices for iron
at Pittsburg has ceased, and the associations
now recognize an open market in which Besse
mer is offered at $19 and billets at $26, with
gray force at $17. Over thirty furnaces are
said to have gone out' of blast, and while some
have been stopped for repairs many more will
be idle for a time until wage scales for the
coming year have been settled with labor organ
izations. With steel plates quoted at $1 30 at
Pittsburg and No. 27 sheets $2 03, no general
gain In business results from the sudden de
cline In structural shapes.
Neither official nor unofficial accounts, have
.removed doubts about the wheat crop, and if it
proves as low as one estimate, 460,000,000 bush
els, the extent to which It may now be dis
placed in European consumption -by corn will
be seriously tested. Exports of wheat and corn
were 429.000.000 bushels In IS9B and 400.000,000 in
18S9 and have been about 190,000,C00 bushels and
210.000,000 bushels corn ' In the crop year 1900,
but never as large before, for in 1592," when 225,
000.000 bushels wheat went abroad, there were
only 73,000,000 bushels corn. Butall recent es
timates of production have been so far dis
trusted, and It Is scarcely good sense to base
grave apprehension on any 60 early in date. In
four weeks of June Atlantic exports of wheat,
flour included, have been 10,980,076 bushels*
against 8.934.C35 bushels last year, and Pacific
exports 2,753,378 bushels, against 2,443.740 bush
els last year. ¦ - .
The calculation that the woolen :gooda busi
ness was large enough and good enough to stand
anything Is not yet Justlned. The market Is
growing unsatisfactory and.it is no', longer de
nied that some of the . best 1 works have closed
or. materially reduced force. The demand for
men's heavy goods falls much below expecta
tions. With partially different causes, the cot
ton goods . market reaches a similar position
Depression in the market for goods do not pre
vent raw cotton from advancing to 10 cents.
. The boot and shoe Industry, makes slow prog-"
ress. Most local works have closed or are
about to close. : though Western producers have
a little better business ..than s Eastern. ¦ . It ,Is
thought Jobbers will soon begin orders. for fall
Hides at Chicago are a little weaker. •*
Failures. for the week have -been 207 In the
United States, against 181 last year, and 21 In
, Canada, acainst 22 last year.
London Market.
NEW.YORK.. June 23.- The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London -financial "cablegram Bays:
The markets here were Inactive and featureless
to-day, -but firm. London 'bought. Americans
slightly, mainly. Baltimore and -Ohio, but New
York -Mid- not respond enthusiastically and ths
rise was stopped. , Paris is ."tipping". Tlntos for
an advance of several points on;. the large short
fcn.Mii , immrf — 1" -iir~mrr — 1 n* 1 — I — ti J i-*a — vi H-— ...-,-. . ; .
CHICAGO, June 29.— Wheat opened easy,
August unchanged to Uc lower at SlVic to Sic.
Liverpool ' was weak and the Argentine ship
ments heavy — 2,253,000. Liverpool reoovrred
most of its early loss and this was • reflected
here for the moment, August rallying to 81 : ic.
Under moderate selling by commission houses
a decline to So%c followed. ,The selling at this
time was not heavy, ratljer suggesting the
end of the liquidation which sent the market
down since Monday, so there was little pres
sure from buyers. Later the market became
more active and decidedly stronger. Hav
ing digested the news of bumper crops In Kan
sas, Oklahoma. Indian Territory and Missouri
the bulls respectively directed attention to the
light Northwest receipts, fly damages in North
ern Illinois, Ohio and Indiana and Injures
from excessive rains in Kentucky, Tennesses,
Southern Illinois and certain portions of Mis
souri. Attention was aIEO directed to the 18
per cent deterioration khown In the Illinois
crop report, which put the winter wheat con
dition at 67 per cent. They knew nothing about
the spring wheat condition, which the report
makes 93 per cent. At the decline the demand
improved. The cash demand was much livelier
and Wall street Interests appeared In the mar
ket as buyeis. Another assistance to the bulls
.was the announcement that a. concern con
trolling seventy elevators along the Great
Northern had concluded to leave these ware
houses closed because of the spring wheat dis
trict In the Northwest. August recovered all
its early loss and following up Its advantage
climbed to 83Hc On the bulge there was the
usual profit-taking, but the market closed
strong, August ITic over yesterday at SS@S3Hc
July opened at 80c to 79^, gold between 7»%c
and SlTic. closed l%c higher at 8176 c.
Corn was rather quiet and inclined, for the
lack of other incentive, to follow wheat. There
vas considerable scattered liquidation and
some short selling. The rally in wheat sent
shortH to cover and there was a fair oash de
mand, under which " the market recovered.
August closed a. sliade up and July a shade
under yesterday. "
Oats followed wheat and corn, off early, re- j
covering later and closing at the top. August j
closed KiiMc lower and July %c depressed. |
Provisions were weak early and firm later,
presumably affected to a degTee by the actions
of wheat. The changes In the course of the
market might also be ascribed to the workings
of. two packing interests. September pork
. closed 17',4c over yesterday, lard unchanged and
ribs Ec higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
.•'Wheat -No. 2— "
June • , 81%
July 79% 8174 79% SIT*
August 81 iS3H £0% - 83V»
Corn No. 2—
June 424 *2\i -. 41% 42* i
July 42H 42M: 41% 42**.
August 42?4 43! i 42U 43Vi
Dats No. 2—
June nnd July 244 21>4 21 24%
August 24% 25 24% * 24J»
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 12 45 12 S5 12 40 12 82ft
September .12 63 13 02' i 12 60 12 97* A
Lard, por JCO lbs—
July 6 82*4 6 87% 6 77>/4 6 87H
September 7 00 7,03 6 90 7 05
October 4..... 700 7 07Vi C 95 7 C7ft
Short Ribs, per ICO lbs —
July 7 02»4 7 12V4-7 00 7 12%
September' ..7 10 < 7 22Vi 705 7 22V4
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No, 3. wheat, Tlfi 77%c; No. 2 red, 81%(T»
SSV-c; No. 2 corn, 425342 s 4c; No. 2 yellow, 4214©
42»ic: No.' 2 oats, 2t%<525c: No. 2 white, 26^.^)
27c; No. 2 white, 260J2G%c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 SO;
Nq 1 Northwestern," $1 SO; prime timothy seed,
J2 15fj2 20; mess pork, per bbl, Jll 70(f?12 85; lard,
per 3CO lbs, *6 75© C S7!£; short ribs side 3 (loose).
$6 95® 7 25: dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6»i@7c;
short clear sides (boxed), $7 oO@7 60; whisky,
basis of high wines, ¦$1 23; clover, contract
grade, jS. ¦ .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments,
Flour, barrels 14.000 8.000
Wheat, bushels. 54.C00 . 14,000
Corn, bushels 615.0C0 713.000
Oats, bushels 320,000 344,000
Rye. bushels :....... 2,000 ".......
Barley, -bushels 6,000 10,000
On the Products Exchange to-day the Butter
market was nrm; creamery, 14^190: dairy, 13Vi
@in%o; ctfeese, quiet, SVt@-9%c; eggs, weak;
fresh, IOHc
NEW YORK, June 29. — Bradstreet'e to-mor
row will say: Distributive trade Is dull, sea
sonably so In most instances, and prices of
manufactured products are generally weak, but
exceptions to the former are found where crop
conditions are exceptionally promising and In
the case of prices where the readjusting move
ment has been overdone on the down side.
The uptvard rush of wheat prices culminated
at the close of last week and the reactions
and irregularities since, mainly due to heavy
realizing, would mainly point to the movement
having been ( temporarily at least overdone.
Reports of rain in the Northwest, though it is
claimed too late to help the crop In Minnesota
and the two Dakotas, have had some reassur
ing effect and second thought apparently in
clines bears to the belief that the late ad-
Vance discounted much of the expected or pre
dicted shortage In yield of the world's crop.
Advices from the north are of little more than
half a crop of tv-heat. but estimates as to the
out-turn In bushels vary accordingly asfthe
Government report of 1G0.000.000 bushels or the
commercial estimate of 200,000,000 bushels in
yield last year in the three States are used
as a basis. A short-lived scare on the reports
of dry weather in the corn belt, sympathy with
the early advance in wheat and. what is more
Important, apparently increased popularity of
corn on export account, was responsible for
this cereal reaching the hlphest point paid for
a year past. Oats and other farm crops also
sympathized, as did most hog products. Uut
ter is higher on smaller receipts. Sugar Is at
the highest price reached at this time for ten
jears last, owing to active canning demand
and the strengthened position of raw. The war
in China is chargeable with the advance in
teas, not only from the former country but
from Japan.' some interruption In transporta
tion being apparently looked for if the Asiatic
trouble increases. Heavy rains are complained
of in the entire cotton belt, east of the Mis
sissippi and the crop is very generally "In
the. grass." The result has been an advance
of half a cent on spot. Increased cost of the
raw material is not balanced by an advance in
finished products. The contrary is the case,
because print cloths are Uc off and prints are
half a cent lower per yard.
Reports from the iron and steel trade are
as ¦ pessimistic as ' ever. Nominally quotations
at Pittsburg are unchanged, but it is claimed
buyers can get supplies from $1 to S3 lower.
At other markets pig iron and bars among
finished products are unquestionably lower. A
comparison of present prices with those of a
year ago chow that pig iron Is little above
last year, while steel billets, bars and plates
are all lower. The reduction in structural ma
terial has brought r little new business. The
lead market is apparently an example of the
readjusting of prices having been overdone,
because It is now steady after two advances
from the low point reached some weeks ago.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 3.184.144 bushels, agaln&t 4.645.
180 bushels last week, 3,268,998 bushels In the
corresponding week of last year, 4.716J01
bushels in IS9B, 2.775.548 bushels in 1597, and
2.601.096 bushels In 1596.
Failures for .the week number ISS, as com
pared with 167 last wpek, 158 In this week a
year ago, IS3 in ISSS, 225 In 1697 and 223 in 1596.
Failures In the Dominion of Canada number
IS. as compared with 28 last week, 23 in this
week a year ago, 22 in IS9B, S3 in 1597 and 25
in 1596.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
NEW YORK, June 29.— Bradstreefs Financial
Review to-morrow will say: No great change
has taken place in the character of current
stock speculation. The market has continued
to be a ¦ highly professional one and the ten
dency of prices for the week may be explained
by saying that traders continued to sell stocks
down early In the week on the bad crop news
from the Northwest and South and later on
covered their short contracts extensively, there
by causing a recovery in quotations. A cir
cumstance which helped the market was the
disappearance of acute fears on the part of the
foreign markets that the Chinese troubles might
lead to. a friction between the powers, and
though London of course, paid much attention
to the developments In China, they ceased to
be the leading speculative influences. -The eas
ing of the Berlin money market and the ap
parent end of the fears of stock market col
lapse there also has had a very good effect and
German sales of American stocks in London
having ceased, our securities tended to advance
there, although the foreign interest in our mar
ket is still small. The decline of exchange
rates and dismissal of fears of future gold ex
ports, together with the ease of the New York
money market, have, of course, been factors in
sustaining prices.
American Cotton Oil prefd. S3
American Malting 8
2W American Malting<«prefd 15
1.725 American Smelting & Refining 80%
220 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 86
American Spirits la
American Spirits prefd 17
360 American Steel Hoop 18«4
CIS American Steel Hoop pr*fd* 66
6.575 American Steel & Wife 31U
720 American Steel & Wire prefd 70
630 American Tin Plate 19
450 American Tin Plate prefd 73
9.5C0 American Tobacco S9'/&
American Tobacco prefd 129
4.920 Anaconda Mining Co 40%
16.6 M Brooklyn Rapid Transit 54
1.100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 31V4
1.540 Continental Tobacco 24
ZCO Continental Tobacco prefd 76%
4.1*3 Federal Steel 31
575 Federal Steel prefd 63? i
100 General Electric 127
Glucose Sugar 48
Gloucose Sugrar prefd 9S
1.5W International Paper 22«.»
300 International Paper prefd 64
Laclcde Gas 71
National Discuit 28
National Biscuit prefd SO
250 National Lead 19
100 National Lead prefd 95
1,600 National Steel 24%
900 National Steel prefd S4 .
New York Air Brake : 124
1,400 North American 14M4
400 Pacific Coant 51%
235 Pacific Coast Ist prefd 55%
300 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
100 Pacific Mail 26%
3.100 People'a Gas S6S*
300 Pressed Steel Car 44V*
Pressed Steel car prefd 75
300 Pullman Palace Car IT9
100 Standard Rope & Twine.. 5
31. KM Sugar 113%
. 300 Sugar prefd lloli
3,020 Tennessee Coal & Iron 66
IS.SSS United States Leather 8%
HO United States Leather prefd 66
470 United States Rubber 24%
100 United States Rubber prefd ?. 92
220 Western Union 79
£20 Republic Iron & Steel Co 10%
130 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd oi'j
P C C & St Louis 5S
44S Third Avenue 110
245.500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
TJ S 2s ref rtrs.. |M~K & T 2de 67y.
when issued IOJTiiM X & T 4s BS«i
Do coupon 103«*iN J Cent lsts lllh
U S 2s reg 100 IN J Cent Ken D 5...122'«
U S2s re* 109 jN Pacific 3c 66Vi
U S 2s coup 103 IN Pacific 4s 104H
IT S new 4s reg- 134 |N T C & S L 45.. .106
U S new 4s c0up.. 134 |N & W con 4s P6'A
U S old 4s ng 114V4 Or Xav lsts 108 "
U S old 4s coup... ll3Vi; Or Nay 4s IOUi
US 5e reg 113 iOr S Line 6s 127H
XJ S Cs coup 113 (Or S Line con 55...113' 2
Dis of Col 3.63s 123 [Reading G«n 4s BSV»
Atchison gen 4s 100 T 4 ! R G W lsts 99V;
Atchison adj. 45.... S3H S L & I M con 55.. 103%
Canada So 2ds 106« i S L & S F ren C 5..125
Ches & Ohio 4H5... 9S'4 St Paul consols 170
Ches & Ohio 55....116^!S P C & P 15t»....119H
C& NW con 7s 140 IS PC& P 5s 1204
C & NWSFdeb £5.120 So Pacific 4s 7SH
Chicago Term 45.... P5 ,So Railway 5s 1101,4
Colorado So 4s S-S^. Stand RAT 65... TO
D & R G lsts 10? (Tex & Pac lsts 111V4
D & R G 4s 95^iTex & Pac 2ds SS
E T Ye i G» sts.lO3H! Union Pacific 45.... 106
Erie General 4s 71 | Wabash lsts 115%
F W & D C lets.... 70141 Wabaeh 2cU 100»4
General Electric os.11714! West shore 4s lis£
lowa Central 15t5. .112 jWIs Cent 4s 89? i
KCPAG lsts.... 68 Va Centuries 91
L & N Unl 4s 100 V
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 13, Ontario 6 60
Crown Point 67:Ophir 67
Con Cal & Va 1 43 ' Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 22 Quicksilver prefd.. 7 00
Hale .& Norcross.. 22 Sierra. Nevada 23
Homestake 50 00 Standard 3 50
Iron Silver la Union Con 17
Mexican 17 ; Yellow Jacket 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 96
Call loans 2«;53V4 Wis Central 13
Time loans 3'A'&4 Bonds
stocks— ; ; ;»j Atchison 4s 99>i
AT& S F 25 N E Gas&Coke ss. 63
AT& S F prefd.. 71H Mining Shares-
American Sugrar... .ll3*t j Adventure 2
Am Sugar prefd... ll4 Allouez Mm Co 1%
Boston & Albany. .243 Amalgr Copper, ex
Boston Eleva.ted 137 dividend 84V4
Chgro. Bur & Q 323% Atlantic 23
Dominion Coal 38 Boston & Mont 283^
Dom Coal prefd. ...ll3H'Butte & 805t0n.... 62
Federal Steel 31^ijCalumet & Hec1a..."20
Fed Steel prefd 64 Centennial 16
Fitchburg prefd. ,..l36Vi I Franklin 72«4
General Electric. ..l2o% Osceola 5»V>
Ed Elec 111 203 Parrot 39*J
Mexican Central... 12>4 Qulncy 135
N E Gas & Coke.. 15 Santa Fe Copper... 4H
Old Oolony 202 Tamarack 17C
Old Dominion 1754 Utah Mining 24*4
Rubber 2J^ Wlnona 2^»
Union Pacific 60 jWolverlnes 36
Barley Shipment.
The Italian ship Emanuel Accame cleared
vegteitlay for Queenstown for orders with
Co.SU ctls of barley, valued at J3S.9GO. and 18.000
ft lumber dunnage, valued at $270: total value,
5i9,230.
Coinage of the Mint,
The coinage of the locU Mint in June was
54.0T7.965. consisting of S3.eSO,*o in double
eagles, fro.ooo in half -dollars. J29.968 in quar
ter-dollars and J7SOOO in dimes. The Mint
cJrwed yeFterday for the annual clean-up and
•ottlement. The coinage of the fiscal year Just
closed was 504.0^.012 75. as follows: Double
eaples. tU.001.000; eaples. $5. 705.000; half-eagles.
Jl 470.0W; dollars. $546,000; half-dollars, tUft*
366 Z0; Quarter-dollars, J412.C46 25; dimes. $411,-
Weather Report.
RC2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FitANCISCO, June 29, 1900 — 5 p. m.
¦ following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 63 Red Bluff M
Mount Tanuiipals TS Sacramento S8
In^pendence 9S Pan Luis Obispo.... S.
Fresno *S San Diego 6S
Los Angeles M
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
d; minimum, SO; mean. &S.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure ha« fallen rapidly over the
Urper Missouri Valley. An area of low pres
eure extends from the valley of the Colorado
northward Through Utah. Idaho and Wyoming
to the international boundary. The tempera
ture h&s fallen over the greater portion of the
-tountry west of the Rocky Mountains, except
In Utah where there has l>een a slight rise.
Showers are reported over the northern half
of the Pacific sloye. The following maximum
•wind velocities are reported: Point Reyes, 75
:-.:.-c per hour from the northwest; Wlnne
xnucca, 24 miles from the wwt, and Salt Lake
City 26 miles from the southwest.
Conditions are favorable for somewhat cooler
»-esther- throughout California to-day.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
Jjouj-b *>ndinr midnight June 30. 1900:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; fresh
r.ortherlv winds in the Interior, brisk westerly
Winds on the coast with fog In the afternoon.
, Southern California — Fair Saturday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Occasional light showers early Satur
fiay morning; cloudy Saturday, cooler.
Arizona — Fair Saturday.
San Francisco a.r..i vicinity — Cloudy Saturday
»rom!ng. fair Saturday; brisk westerly winds
Vita foe In the afternoon.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
NEW YORK, June 29.— FLOUR— Receipts,
10,150; exports. 11,800; moderately active at old
prices, but held somewhat firmer- at the close;
winter patents, $4 23@4 C 5; Minnesota patents,
$4 73@5 10.
WHEAT— Receipts, 15,725: spot, nrm: No. 2
red, 89V4c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 87Ho ele
vator; No. 1 Northern, 91T&C f. o. b. afloat
prompt; No. 1 hard Duluth, 93% c t. 0. b.
afloat - prompt. Options j opened steady on dry
weather in the Northwest and after a. midday
decline under scattered liquidation rose again
In the afternoon on higher late Liverpool
cables, a better cash demand West, local cov
ering and strong Northwest markets: closed
firm at l%c net advance; July. 86%i&SS%c.
closed at SBc; September,- So?sfTS7 7-16 c, closed
at 87% c; December, 85U@SSc. closed at 8754 c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; mild, steady:
futures closed steady, with prices 5 to 15 points
net lower; total Bales, 21,000 bags, including
July, $7 80f7 35; August, J7 35@7 45; Septem
ber. $7 45Q7 CO; October. $7 40® 7 Co; November,
$7 rOfi-7 63; December, $7 70@7 75.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; refined, firm. • . v .
BUTTER— Receipts. 6421 packages; quiet;
creamery, KOTSOc; factory. 14f?iGHc
' EGGS-Receipts, 3716 . packages; dull and
heavy; Western, at mark, 10',4W13c; Western,
loss off, 13@14ViC. '
DRIED FRUITS.
There was very little business in the option
market for evaporated apples to-day. The un
dertone was rather quiet at the old basis.
California dried fruits continue inactive. - ¦
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
3Vi!R3c; prime, &tf®sMiC; choice, s}i@6Vfec; fancy,
7@7Vic.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— WQtc per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12V2<fl4e; Moorpark, 15
@18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 16!£20c; unpeeled, 9c.
* ¦ -»
New York Grain and Produce
Silver declined again. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat again on the up grade and Barley 'futures firmer.
Some changes in Oats. Corn and Rye as before.
Old Hay fiim and nczv Hay weak.
- Bran, H fixed Feed and Rolled Barley weaker.
Fair sales of Beans at unchanged quotations.
Potatoes steady and Onions firm.
Fine Butter a sliade steadier. Eggs continue depressed.
Poultry market zvcll cleaned up and steady.
Nectarines appeared from Vacaville.
Fresh and Dried Fruits as previously quoted.
Provisions dull and unchanged.
Mutton and Lamb higher. Beef and Pork unchanged.
Local stocks and bonds continue dull.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Canton. Ohio ¦ 2C2.500 20.7 ....
Springfield. 0hi0... 2U4.»6S 21-9
Fargo. N. D 349.560 44.2
Sioux Falls, S. D... 132,830 .... 6.3
Hastings. Nebr 164.473 ..'.'.'' ....
Fremont. Nabr 170.056 31.7
Davenport 841,246 2.9
Toledo 1,920,031
Galveston 4,438,000 .... 15.3
Houston 5,070,379 17-2
Helena 63;t,9C3 14.5 '
Kvansville 525.722 16.3
Macon 459,000 23.3
Little Rock 363,903 8.6 . ....
Springfield. 11l 372,553 .... ••••
Youngstown, Ohio.. 225.582 ' H-<>
Saginaw 324.145 C 6.1
Totals, U. S $1,462,748,202 .... 10.6
Totals outside of
New York 609,671,418 .0.9 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $13,848,226 23.4
Toronto 9.577.516«. 11.0 ....
Winnipeg t... 2.012.726 32.2 ....
Halifax 1,479,483 16.6 •
Hamilton 744,190 3.6
St. John. N. B E37.817. 1.7
Vancouver 864.133 5.S ....
Victoria - 596.506 ...'. 36^2
, ToUls '. J31.430.763 15.8 ....
Butter and Egg* are both cheaper and weak.
Cheese is unchanged.
Meats and Poultry are about the same aa last
Fruits and Vegetable* continue In normal
summer supply at usual prices. A few scatter
ing lots of Grapes are coming In and sma.l
boxes .of Nutmeg Melons are being received;
but they are still very dear.
cSnel ££fcpi COlSeattle ...» 00®
to^ .! * SlO COiCoos 8ay.... ©7 50
Butte? d 'sqr'..!4o C fMSj Ranch Eggs. J*r
Do. per r011...... 33©40 dozen .......... 17V330
Cheese. Cal 10'« 13 1 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. .l74*2o l pound ...... .I_£lj
Cheese. Swiss 20i/i'»! Do, extracted.. .lo<#l_
Common Eggs — ®13l
Meats, p-r lb— • ,««.-
Bacon 13517 1 Pork, salt 1?«1»
Beef, choice 15&C0 Pork Chops I^l3
Do, good ioai2lßound Steak. 10-^3
Corned Beef -@10 Sirloin Steak I^-7
Ham. Eastern. .i;®l7'i Porterhouse d0.... 20«f->
Lard — &15 Smoked Beef .....-— ®l»
Mutton lOti'lljPork Sausages.. U^w.-_>
Spring Lamb 12^15; Veal L "<* l »
Pork, fresh 15@20|
Poultry and Game — -._— .
Hens, each So@6o • Turkeys, per 1b...10«2<1
Young Rocsters. 'Ducks, each 11^?^
each 60@73.Geese, each.. .sl 23&1 \\
Old Roosters. ea.-©so;Pigeon9. pair f&'l
FTyers. each 40-&45 ißabblt3. pair *^ i 2 (?
Broilers, each 30®40)Hare. each — ®-»
Fruits and Nuts-
Apricots 49 SiNutmeg- Melons.
Almonds, per 1&..153*-! tach &33S
Apples 4J? 5 Oranges, dozen... lo<tf2«>
Bananas, dozen ... KVS2O Lemons, dosen IOiRHi
Blackberries. dwr2C323 Plums, per lb — @ 5
Cherries, per lb.. s@l2:Ralsin3. per 1b... 83U
Currants. drawer.23'a4o; Raspberries. dwr.2:33j
Figs, per lb ojj' SiPeachea. per 1b... »® •
Logan Berries, per Strawberries, per
drawer 40®C0 drawer 2&3*»
Gooseberries 1b... 5© 10 Walnuts, per 1b...— @1»
Vegetables-
Artichokes. d0z...30®60 Lettuce, per d0a.. 15.^6—
Asparagus, per lb 4i»lO Onlon», per lb i& »
Beets, dos 12ijn3 Okra. green, per
Beans, white, lb.. 6@— j lb — <833
Colored, per lb.. 4,® 515 1 Peppen. green. lb. 10^12
Lima, per lb — ft s! Potatoes, per lb.. 3.^ !>
Cabbajce. each 3^o Parsnips, per d0a.13^ —
Cauliflowers, each 3WIO Rhubarb, per lb.. Mt «
Celerj'. bunch s&— Radishes, dz bchslOttlS
Cress, doz bnchs..2oi'2st Sage, doz bnch5..25,833
Cncumbera. per I String Beans, lb.. 4® «
dozen 10®12«; Summer Squash
Egg Plant. 1&....1U312, per lb ........... *9 5
Green Corn, doz..i:(U3oiThyme, per lb 20C»30
Green Peas, 1b....—^ b rurnlps. per day..lo<Olo
Lentils, per lb S® slTomatoea. per lb. s^lo
Fish — ¦'-
Barracuda 12f?— Shad 12g-
Carp Sf 10 Sea Bass — ««
Codfish 120— iSmelU 12 S~"
Flounders »«tlO. Soles 123 —
Halibut 12ft 13 ; Skates, each *^ 13
Klngflsh — @12|Tcir.cod -©W
Mackerel 13@— iClami. gallon..^..oPa-
Do Horse —4*— Do hardshell.lOa 4o-3^o
Perch KMHS'Ci-abß. each 1C«15
Pompino — & — Do softshell. da.2sgi*
Rockflsh -4H3 i Missels, auart. . . .10® 13
Salmon, fresh 12315 jOyster*. Cal. 100»«e»>
Do. smoked — '<f2oj Do Eastern, doz2j,^W
Shrimps 83101
Family Retail Market.
New York Cotton Market.
' NEW * YORK. June 29.— From an uneventful
opening the market for cotton futures devel
oped a surprising amount of activity and a re
markable .degree of inherent strength with the
day, an advance of 10 cents by the July option.
The South joined in the buying movement
started by the foreigners and July made a
she»r. advance to 98S, or fifteen points " above
the quotation current two weeks ago, and Just
before the dose sold at" 10 cents amid Intense
excitement and bull enthusiasm. August fol
lowed with a jump to 961, making the advance
of that option within two weeks 120 points.
Strong late cables, unfavorable crop news and
reported further rains" In Alabama, Tennessee
and Oorgia contributed to this advance.
-The market closed very steady, with prices
net 10 to 33 points up on near months and 1 to 3
points up on far months. ... .
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, June 29.— Clearings, $232, 645;
balances, 5C6.2C5.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON*.
. PORTLAND, June 29.— Local dealers hare
followed the weakness abroad by dropping their
limits to about ESc for Walla Walla, with most
of them quoting a cent lower; valley is nom
inal at 57@5Sc. .
TACOMA, June 20.— Wheat strong, but un
changed; bluestem, CS^c; club, 56% c; both for
export. »
Foreign Markets.
CLOSING,
LONDON. ¦ June 29.— Consols, 100%; silver,
2SVid; French rentes, ¦ IOOf 32S4c; 'Wheat car
goes on passage, buyers Indifferent operators,
3@Cd lower: No. 1 Standard California, 31s 3d;
Walla Walla. 30s 3d; English country markets,
part la dearer.'
LIVERPOOL, June 29.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
Standard California, Cs s%d@6s 6d; Wheat in
Paris, weak: Flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets', steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 5»' s d.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 Northern spring,
6s 4Hd- No 1 California. 6s 6d@^s 7d; futures,
firm: July. 6s 3%*: September, 63 6!&d; De
cember, nominal. . ....
CORN— Steady: American mixed, new. 4s Ud:
American mixed, old, firm. 4s 4d. Futures,
steady: July 4a %d; September, 4s 2%d.
FLOUR— St Louis fancy winter, dull. 8s 3d.
"'WHEAT— No. 1 California, Ss SdilGs 7d.. The
imports of wheat into Liverool for the past
three days were 378,000 centals, including 148,000
COR??— American Imports into Liverpool for
the past three days were 119.000 centals.
account to be disclosed at the settlement.
The bank, lost' £loo,ooo gold to the Cape and
received from Egypt half as much. Loans to
end with the half year -were made a t 3 per
cent, and the bank, which did a l ar ge loan
business yesterday, was again active to-day in
that department, . the prevailing rate being 3Vi
per cent. •
Silver fell on yesterday's disclosure that . the
Government has not been In maruet, as was
supposed. ." : - ¦ ' ¦ '
Sixty bleaching concerns are to •be amalga
mated with a capital of £6,000,000. Jhe pros
pectus is to be out in July.
, CLOSING.
LONDON. June 23.— Atchison. 66*4; Canadian
Pacific.- 91; Union racific .preferred. 74; North
ern Pacific preferred, 73U: Grand Trunk. 6%;
Anaconda, SVi: bar silver, quiet. 2s>i<i per
ounce; money, WtM" per cent, t
Nezv York Money Market,
NEW YORK, June 29.— Money on call, easy,
at IH@2 per cent; last 'loan, 2 per. cent; prime
mercantile paper. 3%@4H P<?r cent: sterling ex
change, firm, easier, ¦ with actual business 1 in
inkers', bills at-$4 86Vi for demand an d at
$4 53% for sixty days; posted rates. $4 S4>A@
4 So and. $4 8714: commercial bills, S4 S3^4 S3U;
bar silver, 61'4c; silver certificates. Gl\@&%(x;
MexTcan dollars. 4S^c; Government bonds,
steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
common. 14®15c.
Fancy hard creamery Is rather firmer, aa
most of the arrivals are soft and undesirable.
Anything not firm and In good shape Is very
weak. Cheese Is steady. Eggs ¦ are still de
pressed, with heavy stocks.
UUT'iEK—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, lS@l3c; sec
onrts.v lifcc. .
Dairy— Fancy. 16%@17c; good to choice, 16c;
CHEESE- New. SgOc: Young America, 9®
9',4c: Eastern. 16@17c: Western. l"@l6c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13@14c for store and 130
17c per dozen for ranch; Kaatern. 14S14Vic.
Deciduous and* Citrus Fruits.
White Nectarines appeared from Vacaville.
selling at ?1 23 per box.
- There was not nrtSch change yesterday. Prices
for most kinds were well maintained, and a
good shipping demand for the north helped the
market out. Bartlett Pears were rather lower.
Plums on canning account were slow.
The wheat failure in the Northwest Is re
garded as a calamity here, for the Northwest
has hitherto been one of our best customers
for dried fruits.
Shipments of Grapes have suddenly fallen
off and very few are now being: received.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APRICOTS-30@C0c per box and crate for
Royals: in baskets. 20035 c: in bulk. 2® 3c per
lb to the trade and J10@23 per ton to the caa
ners.
APPLES— 23c per basket and EO©Ssc for large
boxes.
PEARS— 3ociffsl per box: Bartletts. $I@l ls.
PLUMS— 2O@3Oc per box and crate and 20330 c
per basket: In bulk. *104jp15 per ton: Prune*. So®
60c per crate and 33®4-0c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES— S2 £C#3 50 per chest for
large and J2 sfr<g4 for small berries.'
RASPBERRIES— tSQS per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— W34 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— J3!gS per chest.
CURRANTS— $1 50ig3 50 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— ICe per lb.
FIGS— Per box, IS® 35c for single and 30©60 c
for double lovers.
PEACHES— 3CKgSOc per box and 25@40c per
basket for common and 50@60c per box for
Craw fords.
GRAPES— None came in.
CHERRIES— SO®63c per box for black; Royal
Anne. 23065 c. In bulk. s<g6c for black and 4@
Ec for Royal Anne.
MELONS— Nutmegs. $1 50 per case for Ariz
ona and $1 75@2 for Winters. Cantaloupes from
Indlo $3 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings. 50c@$l 50: St.
Michaels, $I@2 50; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 25®
2; Valencias. $2@2 50; Lemons, $I@2 for common
and $2 EOS 3 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $4@4 50: Bananas, 75c@J2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, |1 50®3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUITS— OId Crop— Prunes. In sacks.
i/QA^c for 40-50's. 3H@3sic for 50-60's, 3K@3Hc
for 6*o-70's, 3g3Hc for 70-SO's, 2%@3c for 80-90*9
and 2S©2*ic for 90-100's. Peaches, 4%@4»ic for
Standards, 5c for choice and sH@6c ror fancy;
Peeled Peaches, 10@12\jc; Evaporated Apples,
6Vi@6c; sun-dried, ZQ4c per lb; Pears, 3H@4^c
for dark and 7<gBc for bright halves; Black
Figs. I%®2c; 'White Figs. 2®3c; Bleached
Plums, T'/ic; Unbleached Plums, 6c for pitted
and me for unpltted.
NEW CROP— Apricots. 6!4@7%c per lb.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
Ib, 10c; choice, 9c; standard. Sc; prime. 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per Ib, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, SVfcc; choice. 7Hc; standard, S^c;
prime. 6c; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5Hc;
3-crown. 6V4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California
NUTS — Walnuts. Bfi9c for Standards and 9@
10c for softshells; Almonds, HH@l2c for paper
shell. 9@loc for soft and 4S-u- ,for hardshell;
Peanuts, 57i!56*ic for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia: Brazil Nuts. 7HSSc: Filberts. 12@12>*c;
Pecans. 11© 13c: Cocoanuts, (4 SO® s.
HONEY— Comb. 12V4@13c for bright and lit?
12c for light amber; water whlt» extracted. 7H
@7M:c; light amber extracted 6%@7c; dark, 6c
24326 c p«r lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Caccn. 10@lM4c per 11> for
heavy. 10%® 104 c for light medium, ll%c for
liftht. 12% c for extra light and 144 c for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12313 c;
Mess Beef. U2 per bbl: extra Mess. $13; Fam
ily, $14; extra Prime Pork. $13; extra clear. $19:
Mess, $16 50; Smoked Beef. 12HQ13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and BV»c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
&%?•: ll»-1t» tin*. 9'4c: 5-lb tins. 9St.c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. l%c: three
half barrels, S^c; one tierce, SHe; two tierces,
SUe; five tierces. BV»c per lb.
Hides, Tallozc, Wool and Hops.
The descriptlor.3 under this head show no
further changes worthy of note. All are dull
and more or less weak.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
ebout lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
9Hc; medium. &%c: light, g^c; Cowhides. BSc:
Staes. 6c: Salted Kip. S^ic; Calf. 10c; Dry
Hides, pound, 17c; culls and brands, 14c; Dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, Shear
lings. 20@30c each; short Wool. 35860 c each;
medium. "(ySOOc: long Wool. $I>3l 23 each; Horse
Hides, $1 75 / i?2 for large and TJotiSl 25 for small:
Colts, 25@C0c. Deerskins— Summer or red skins.
37!4!g40c; fall or medium skins, S2 I <j:g3sc; win
ter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Ango
ras Toe: large and smooth. 50c: medium, 35c.
TALLOW-Xo. 1 rendered. 4c p«r lb; No. 2.
3c; refined. SVfec; grease, 2Hc.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 13@16c: Northern defective. 13#
loc; MMdle County, free. 15<&17e: Middle Coun
tj- * defective. 1343:15 c: Southern Mountain. 12
months" 12W13c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'! llftlic; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months". 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendodno.
174M9-*- Nevada. 144117 c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at E©loc per Ib: new. 9^loc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bass. 13 63: Calcutta
Grain Rags, 6%c; Wool Bags. 2S^SO2Hc;
Fleece Twine, 7^c: Fruit Bags. 6H@6&c for
white and S%SB%c for bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington, js per ton: new Welling
ton ?«; Southfield Wellington, JS; Seattle, *>;
Bryant, }6; Coos Bay, Jo £0; Wallsend, |8; Co
operative Wallsend, $S; Cumberland. $12 In bulk
and Jl3 23 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite
Kgg, $14* Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. lIS per
ton in bulk and $18 In sacks: Castle Gate ana
Rrrk Pprinzs, $S 45 per 2000 ooundi".
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been seven real arrivals from Wash
ington. 24.000 tons: three from British Colum
bia, 9153 tons; two from jf\i?irn\la. 6174 tons;
one from Oregon. 450 tons; one from Japan,
2500 tons; total. 42.387 tons. The liberal de
liveries this week from Washington and other
sections will aid Importers in fulfilling: their
contracts, on some of which there have been
serious delinquencies. Another steamer has
been chartered for twelve months to transport
British Columbia coals, which will be of serv
ice to keep our urgent requirements supplied.
As the Alaska demand has been taken care of.
It is reasonable to suppose that shipments to
us direct will be materially Increased. Prices
"remain firm, and there is an assurance that
there can be no decline for at least twelve
months, as charters have been effected this
week for transporting coal here from Austra
lia at extreme figures, and the vessels cannot
arrive at their loading ports for fully ten
months. Furthermore, the schedule of prices
for 1901 in Australia has been advanced In
some cases 50 cents per ton. The selling quo
tations now and for next year will be made by
the colliery proprietors of Washington and
British Columbia, as they have absolute sway
locally. Large fuel consumers may well feel
grateful to those controlling the market localiy.
ns the latter could have made their power felt
markedly for fully a year past if they had
desired to advance. values."
RlCE— China mixed, $4 10; China No. L $4 23£
4 70; extra do. $."fi3 50; Hawaiian. $>S5 23; Ja
pan. $4 75&5 CO; Lcuislana. $4 50^7.
SUGAR— The SVertPrn Suear Refining Com
pany quote*, per lb. in ICO-lb bncs: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.90 c: Powderei'.
3.5 Cc: Candy Granulated. i.SOc; Dry Granulatet 1 .,
5.4 Cc; Confectioners' A. 5.40 c; Magnolia A. sc;
Extra C. 4.9 Cc: Golden C, 4.KOc: barrels, -V-e
more: half-barrels, 2^c more; boxes. Me rcor';
50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for le?s
than 73 barrels or Its equivalent. Domincs, hal'
barr<;ls. 6.15 c; boxes, 6.40 c per Ib.
San Francisco Meat Market.
. Mutton has advanced and Lamb is flrmar In
sympathy, neef and Veal show ,no change.
Hogs continue scarce and firm.
BKEF— >«&?'• p*r 1b lor fair' to choice
VF *» — T «»•«• Tltfj-Si^r- •mull, (Wkr r — **»¦
MXTTTONS — Wethers. TVfcSSc; 'ewes.. TQTric
per pound. '
LAMB— Spring. S@9c per lb.
POItK-Uve rtonrt. 6c tor small. Z*ins%c for
medium and o^^ffiHc for large: stock Hoss >nd
lecders, S l ,ic; dressed llors. S®3c.
Receipts of Produce.
FRIDAT. June 2.
Flour.. qr ska 17.275jF.gg5. doz J5.0C0
Wheat, ctls '.WrSugar. bags ....:. iOOO
Barley, ctls I.33o j Quicksilver, nks. 4J
Oats,. ctls ......... l.C3o[ Pelts. bd!s j 4
Rye, ctls ." 560 i Hides. No. .;.... 'US
Cheese, ctls ...... 63 j W001, bajra 240
Butter,.ctls .....r. 267 Straw, to.n» : 10
Tallow, ctls ...... 21t Hay. tons .- 491
Lime. Ms 423 Middlings, sks.... i-9l
Sugar, ' bbls • 103 Onions, sks ; C3'i
Leather, rolls 90 Potatoes, sks .... X99J
Wine, gals 63.700
OREGON.
Flour." qr sks .... 15.26S Potatoes, sks ...; ! 257
Wheat, ctls ...... 130 Bran, sks ........ 4,933
Oats, ctls 60 Shorts, sks ...... 438
THE SAIS FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY',: JUNE 30, 1900.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET. I
Bank Clearings.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
about 25 per cent compared with last year. Of
pigiron.only 59,077 . tons were shipped from all
ports, against; 127.09S last year. At the close
pig-iron warrants. were quoted nominally at $14.
The London market ' for- copper was 5b bet
ter. There was no change here, with business
very quiet..' Lead remains unsettled at $4 22Vj
@4 27&. Spelter wns 5 points better and more
active at ?4 2S@4 30. The brokers' price for
lead was $4 10 and for copper 16%@16%c.
TIN— In London closed easy to-day, but £2
above yesterday's prices . for spot The local
market was steady but quiet, with a small
trade in progress at ?31 50@32.
*3 50@4; Broilers. $303 CO for large and $2@2 SO
for small ; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50. pet" dozen for old
and il 2S@l SO for Squabs.Stolen Gould Gems Recovered.
NEW YORK. June 29.— A large quantity
of jewels, valued at about $5000, which
was recently stolen from the apartments
of Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Gould in London,
have been recovered and tho man in
whose posaess-if.n th* jewels T^re found
in under arrest. The prisoner describes
himself as Charles Blair. 23 years of age,
and a valet by occupation. Blair was ar
rested at Coney Island. A chamois bag
was found on him and it contained a glit
tering array of gems. Identified as being
the property of Mrs. 'Edwin Gould.
RISING OF INDIANS.
- — .
Ontario Bands May Take the War
path Against Whites.
RAT PORTAGE, Ont.. June 29.— There
is a threatened uprising of Indian? on the
Rainy River, Ontario. One thousand In
dians are gathered near the mouth ol
Rainy River. Leach I>ake Indians are
said to be among them Inciting them to
murder and pillage the settlers, who are
•¦ending out their women and children.
One hundred and fifty reached here on
the Kelnora to-night. The Indians are
also gathering at Rainy Lake, the larg
est and most secret gathering over
known. Indian agents say they know of
no special grievance.
DAVIS PLEA FOR BOERS.
Express Sympathy.
Will Ask Democratic Convention to
KANSAS CITY. June 29.— Webster Da
'vls, who was Assistant Secretary of the
Interior and resigned to take up the Boer
cause, is a resident of Kansas City. He
said to-day that he was going to do all he
could to get a plank In the platform ex
pressing In the strongest terms sympathy
•¦"with the Boers. He is quoted as saying:
"I did all I could in Philadelphia, but
failed, and now 1 am determined to do
what I can here In \Kansas City. Uam
strongly In favor of the Boers and I am
determined to stick to them whether it
suits anybody personally or 'political}*.
Roosevelt to Visit St. Joseph.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., June 23.— Hon. J. C.
Kerens, wiring from Chicago, saya he is
arranging for Governor. Roosevelt to be in
St Joseph on the evening, of July 4. Gov
ernor Roosevelt will arrive on a Rock Isl
and special train from Topeka ati7:2s p.
m., and will be entertained at Lake Con
trary, the Benton Club and the Hotel Don
ovan. ', He will leave over the Burlington
for the East at 9:40 the same* evening.
THE new building which Emily Wll- |
son will erect on the south side of \
Market street, between Fifth and \
Sixth, will cost about $C2.0G0. It will j
he a seven-story structure, with basement, j
The principal materials UFrd will be brick.
Iron and terra cotta. The structural iron \
work will cost about $14,00.'.. G. W. Percy j
is the architect. Another building soon <
to be erected is a warehouse to bs built for ,
the estate of Samuel Lachman. on the i
south line of Brannan street, east of ]
Fourth, and to cost something over taSjOO). j
The buildiig wll! cover 107:Gx137:G feet, and j
it will be of concrete, brick and wood. It i
will be one story high, with a basement. 1
The architects are Hemenway & Miller.
The I'nlon Iron Works has come Into j
possession of the northwest corner of ]
Butte and Delaware- streets, the Probate \
Court having confirmed the sale, the prop- j
erty being a part of the estate of James Q. i
Fair. The size of the lot is 4 ( jox2oo feet.
The price was $30,000.
The trustees of the Cypress Lawn Ceme
tery will erect a scven-siory brick and
stone building on the north line of Turk
etre«:t. IZ7:C feet w<f=t of Market street.
Builders' contracts have b«-en placed on
record during the past week as follows:
St. Luke's German Evangelical Church
with A. A. Russell and J. J. Stahl. for a
orse-*tory and basement church on Fif
teenth street. 23 feet west of Church ?tre< t.
cost 52i:*4; Margaret Currier with C. M.
Depew. for frame dwelling on the east line
of Deviyadero Ptn-et. 102 feet south of
Green street, cost $4WO: William Ede Com
pany with Albert Farr. for concrete foun
dation for a four-f=tory brick building,
First and Minna streets, cost fT4O3: Her
man and Emily Yeeder with Russell &
Stahl for two-story frame structure on
th«» north line of Seventeenth street, west
cf Castro, cost $2GM: Emily Wilson with
Thomas \V. Butcher. Vulcan Iron Works.
W B Knowles. George Reirhley. Charles
Dunlop and H. Williamson Company, for
a sevc-n-Btory and basement briok and ter
ra cotta building on tbe-south line of Mar
ket streeti IT6:C feet east of Sixth street.
cost JC2 034: Mrs. Ucilla E. Co^ik with P. J.
Hrt-nnat. for two-story frame building
with cellar on Howard street. 1W feet east
of Nineteenth street, rest tVJ^J,: 3. R. Tal
c&tt with W. T. Veitch & Brothirs. Cus'jj
ing-Wetmore Company. Pwyer Brothers
and the City Street Improvement Com
pany for a three-story and basement brick
building on the west line of S-*p<ar street.
127:6 fett south of Market street, cost ?£?.
101: Union Trust Company, trustee of jhe
<pstat" of Samud I^achmun. with Charles
A. Warren. George Goodman. Rocklin
Granite Company. James A. Wilson and
liiller & Qualman. for a one-story and
rinpement warehouse on the south line of
Brannan street. 275 feet east r.f Kourrh
street, cost $o3.?15; Max Popner with Val
Franz, for alterations and additions to a
two-story and basement frame- dwelling
on the southeast corner of Webster street
and Pacific avenue, cost $4WO; diaries
L'Jttickcn with O. A. Oraemer. for a two
story and basement cottage on the north
!ine of EipMetnth street. 100 fept west of
Ohurch street, cost SI GTS: H. Dederky with
Wilson & Long, for a three-story and
?'3*emr-nt frame bu....lng on the west line
of Lyon street. 12.*/ feet south of McAllister
street, cost V2OQ: Joseph Se«»ley with Cor
nelius C. M':rr*ir. for dwelling <Tn north
lire of Vallejo -treet. 257:0 footf 0 o t e«st if FUI
riore s^tnet. co«t $7700; Christian 11. Vo B ht
•with James A. Wilson.' for unriershoring
r.nd upholdlngof east wail of a three-story
brick building on the south side of Mar-
W. O. H^nsha-vp Leaves for Europe
OAKLAND. Jure *>.— William G. Hcn
fhaw. president of the I'nlon Savings
l?ark. left this morninjr for a pleasure trip
to the East and Europe, After a short stay
in New York Mr. Hcnyhaw will sail for
Europe, wrier-? be will travel extensively.
Before his return in the fall he will visit
the Paris Exposition.
Miller May Go to China.
OAKLAND. June 29.— Joaquin Miller,
the poet, has returned from New Mexico
and is now at his home in thp Fruitvale
hilis. During his stay in Arizona ana
Xrw Mexico the poet delivered a num
ber of lectures. It Is reported that Miller
will go to China as correspondent for a
syndicate of newspapers.
TRANSACTIONS IN REALTY
kct street, 140 feet east of Second street,
cost 52CS0; M. S. Lowenthal with Val
Franz, for work on two-story and base
meat frame residence on the north line of I
Washington street. 130:6 feet west of
Buchanan street, cost JG494; Narclss« and !
E. Sattler-Session with J. H. Hughes, one- j
story and basement frame building on
Palmer street, near Miguel, cost $1035; i
Charles Hackm^ister with Fred \V. Kern. !
for a two-story frame building on the '
south line of Perry street. 325 feet west of '
Third street, coot $3195: Mrs. Rose Leszyn- >
sky with William Helblng, for a three- !
story frame building, with finished attic j
and basement, oh the north line of Ellis '
street. 1^2:6 feet west of Franklin street, I
cost $9500. i
Among the larger loans of the week are
Included the following: Security Savings
Hank to Louis Abramson, $15,000, for one i
year at ft£ per cent, on north iine of
Onry . street. C2:C east of Hyde. 25x87:6;
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to
rathe Donnelly. $SlOO. for one year "at 6
per cent, on the west line of Webster
s-treft. 87:6 north of O'Farrell. 50x137:6; i
German Savings and Loan Society to A !
Miles Taylor, $9000, on the northeast cor- j
ncr of Haight and Broderick streets, 112:6 •
I x 47:6, one year at 7 per cent; French Say- \
\ ings Rank to Louis J. and Gustave Drus- !
i sol. $%,O<JO. on the northwest corner of
! Jackson and Kenrny streets..
i The more important releases of a week
! are the following: Hibernia Savings and
: Loan Society to Elizabeth and Robert J.
Hancock, south line of Mission, 125 feet
«L.iFt of Fourth street. $33,000; German
Savings and Loan Society to the board of
; trustees of Calvary Presbyterian Church
land congregation of San Francisco, north
west corner of Powell and Geary streets
$Ki,000: Hlbernia Savings and Loan Soci
ety to Robert White and Emile Bauer
northwest corner of Bush and Fiilmore
streets, $13.0<X). The loans of the we»k
number forty-seven and amount to $13* -
14<5. The releases number thirty-two and
amount to $162,039.
I>«eds have been, placed on record dur
ing the week to property on Polsom
Mpln. Beale and Harrison streets arid
JCoe place, which have been purchased for
railroad use. The transactions were men
tioned exclusively in The Call some time
ago. The deals were made through the
agency of Shainwald. Buckbee & Co. These
transactions i.re reported to represent
$000,000 The nomiral purchasers of all
ihls property severally are Charles Hew
itt five pieces Edward M. Dunbar twelve
Charles Knap three. >
George W. Austin & Co. of Oakland re
port the following falf-s in Oakland' w*i
Filbert street, near Eighth. 40x125. cottape
house of seven rooms, for Captain R p
Drew to Mrs. Caroline H. Frey, $3000-' 929
Thirty-fifth stret-t. near San Pablo ave
nue. 50x140 feet, with seven-room cottage
for Jacques Jarret to ilrs. Rufflne Trison'
$2^00; lot on Piedmont avenue. 33x105 new
cottage of seven rooms. J2OOO.
H, Z. Jones, whose office is at 4^5 Sev
enth street, Oakland, has bought another
tract from the Prlngle estate, which in
cludes seventy acres and a fraction. The
I land is in Fruitvale and is very desirable.
j It will be subdivided and the lots will be
1 sold on the installment plan at a fair rate
iof Interest. Mr. Jones has sold nearly all
lof ihe Allendalc, Gallndo and Westall
tracts.
Bovee. Toy &. Sonntag have made the
following sales: North iine of Howard
f-treet. west of Spear. 43:10x157;6. for. John
Benson to Robert S. Moore, terms pri
vate; south line of Golden Gate avenue,
100 feet east of Devisadero street, 25x100,
the improvements being two fiats, for
John Traynor to Mrs. Msxcaret Brod
crick, $7MO.
Took the "Wrong Bottle.
Jparif Hubert, a trained nurse ros!<1!n«?
Et 101" Post STrcct. almoft died early tils
morning from the effects of chloroform.
The young woman got up during the nigiit
to take som«? medicine. She got hold of
th« chloroform bottl? by mistake. Shs
was takrn to the Receiving Hospital and
will recover.
Threatened With an Ajc.
T-ouip C. Fr.isor. real estate agent, who
was arrested en Thursday night for
threatening to kill his wife Minnie with
an ax at hi? re=idenc<\ ?S3 Lombard street,
appeared before Judge Fritz yesterday.
After hearirtg the evidence of Mrs. Fraser
and her son Louis the Judge ordered
Fras^-r into custody and fixed his bonds
at I3fioo. Fraser was until four years ago
confidential agent for Millionaire Flood,
but lost his position through his love for
liquor. His family think that if he Is
kept in confinement till he gets thoroughly
sobered he will be all right again.
Council Adopts Resolution Postponing
the Reception Until After the ,
Fall of the Government."
PARIS, June 29.— There was a stormy
session of the Paris Municipal Council to
day growing out of the discussion of the
refusal of the Minister of War, General
Andre, to allow Colonel Marchand of
Fashoda fame to accept the Council's In
vitation to attend an official reception at
the town hall, on the ground that no offi
cer in active service can participate in a
political demonstration.
The Nationalist speakers delivered vig
orous protests against the Minister's de
cision, to which the Socialists responded
in an equally warm manner.
After ji greit tumult the Council finally
adopted a Nationalist motion protesting
against the Government's refusal to allow
the proposed reception to be held and
continuing its invitation, of which the
execution was only postponed until "after
the fall of the Government," and "the
communication of this order of the day to
Major Marchand."
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
ARRIVES IN PARIS
French Newspaper Publishes on Of
fensive Attack Upon the
Prelate. .
PARIS,. June 29.— Archbishop Ireland,
who will deliver the oration on July 4
at the unveiling of the L»afayette statue,
arrived in Paris this evening.
An exceedingly offensive attack upon
Mgr. - Ireland appears in Le'Journal. The
writer of a long article taunts the Arch
bishop with his British sympathies,
quotes passages from speeches he deliv
ered in England on June 3, law: year, and
assumes that he is not a fit representa
tive of the American people to preside at
the unveiling of the statue.
OBJECT TO MOOERS! WTLL.
Widow and Son to File a Contest
Against It.
LOS ANGELES, June 20.— The will of
Frederick Mooers, the Yellow Astor min
ing king, who died suddenly in New York
City last month,- is to be contested.
Charles H. Mooers, a brother of the de
ceased, who is named in the will as ex
ecutor of the estate, wan appointed spe
cial administrator to-day by Judge Shaw,
and this move was opposed by the parties
planning to assail the will. The value of
deceased's property is placed at $780,000
The- contestant is to be the surviving
widow, Frances LV- Mooers.
The devisees named in the will are:
Eliza A. R. Mooers, mother of deceased,
7C years old: the widow, aged 52; a son,
three brothers an<l an aunt, all of whom
live in this city. - The heirs at law of the
estate are merely. the widow and the son.
ST AUTS FOR OKLAHOMA.
Governor Roosevelt Leaves to Attend
the Rough ! Rider . Reunion. '
NEW YORK, June 2&.— Governor Roose
velt came into the city to-day from Oyster
Bay unaccompanied and spent the fore
noon In arranging some private busi
ness matters. •At" 5 o'clock': he left
on a Lake Shore, train for Oklahoma
to attend the Rough Riders', reunion
to celebrate the battle of San Juan.
Colonel Roosevelt .referring, to the coming
campaign said: "I shall^ make my fight
in the campaign entirely on my record as
Governor. -There will be no 'Rough Rider'
excitement, no khaki uniforms, or any
thing of the sort."
FROM KANSAS CITY TO
GULF OF CALIFORNIA
•
Projected Railway Gets Financial
Backing and Its Bonds Will
Be Floated.
KANSAS CITY. June 29.— The building
of the Kansas City, Mexico and Orient
Railway, the line projected by A. E. Still
well from Kansas City to the Gulf of Cali
fornia, will be financed by the Guardian
Trust Company of Chicago and Kansas
City, of which Mr. Stillwell is president.
At a special meeting of the directors of
the trust company held here to-day the
executive committee reported to the board
that it had Investigated Mr. Stillwell's
proposition to finance the railroad through
the trust company, and recommended that
the proposition be accepted. This action
was taken. The proposition contemplates
the floating of bonds to the amount of
$35,000,000 and stock of an equal amount,
preferred and common.
The International Construction Com
pany, which Mr. Stlllwell has Incorporated
under the Delaware law. has already con
tracted for the building of two long
stretches of the road. The construction
company is to be paid in bonds and stocks
of the railroad company.
¦\Vhlle the details of to-day's agreement
are withheld, it was stated that the-finan
cial plan followed- by Mr. Still well In
buildlpg the Kansas City. Pittsburg and
Gulf road 'would be adopted.
NATIONALISTS DENOUNCE
GENERAL ANDRE'S ORDER
San Francisco Labor Council Takes
Issue With Murray & Ready's
Help Circular.
Regarding the reports of the scarcity of*
unskilled labor in California which hnd
been circulated throughout Eastern cities
by Murray & Ready, employment agents
in this city, the San Francisco Labor
Council comes forward with a denial of
the statements made. The committee to
whom was referred the drafting of a re
ply reported the following:
' The true conditions of labor in California are
th<?*e: Employers of labor, provided they are
willing to pay the current rates for common
labor, SI 23 to $1 7a per day. can procure all the
workmen they desire. A> rate of Jl 25 to |1 75
per day msy sound high wages to gome work
ers in the Kastern States, but let them renT-m
ber that out of this amount tne workman ha* to
house, feed and clothe himself, and that tn the
West Western prices prevail for all necessaries
of life. Wages of labor. East, West, South or
North, throughout our country, if measurM by
the amount of necessaries they buy. will b*
found to be very nearly equal. So far from
lacking help, the employers of California are
discharging in evrr-increaslng numbers white
men and women and filling their places with
Japanese and Chinese. The influx of the for
mer has of late assumed such alarming pro
portions that white labor throughout the Pacific
Coast States Is loudly demanding an exclusloft
law. So much for what is called common labor.
Wages of mechanics are also about the cam? i
as in other parts of the country, and there ara
always enougK Idle men around to fill vaean-
Orßanized labor of California earnestly urges
upon you to give these facts as much publicity
as the letter of Murray & Ready, * 'employ r
ment arents."
The St. Louis street car strike also rame
In for consideration, and in passing a pet
of resolutions the following were among
those adopted:
Resolved, By the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil that we Indorse the demands of the Ftrret
Railway Men's Union, and commend its will
ingness to abide the result of arbitration; fur-
Resolved. That we condemn the St. Louis
Transit Company for its arrogant attitud*
toward its employes and place upon It th« full
responsibility for the public disorder anl the
destruction of lives and property that have en
sued from Its action; further.
Resolved, That we charge, on evidence cir
cumstantial and direct, that the St. I^ouls
Transit Company Is responsible for offenses
against the law and the public well-belnp.
Resolved, That these and other Incidents of
the strike are but a repetition in aggravated
form of the methods usually adopted by cor
porate capital In its warfare upon the ri»?ht or
labor to organize for self-protection; and fur
ther, r-; ...
Resolved, That we therefore sympathize with
the Street Railway Men's fnlon In Its deter
mined stand in th? cause of its own and the
Keneral welfare, and pledge to it our utmost
moral and financial assistance; further.
Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions be
forwarded to the unions of this city, to the
Street Hallway Men's Union of St. I^ouis. Mo.,
and submitted to the press, with the request
for publication. Be it further
Resolved, That if the Transit Company does
not treat its workmen as American workmen
should be treated, we recommend that the peo
ple of St. Ix>u!s own "and operate their rail
roads
The boycott was removed from the
Central Park on the* promise of D. R, Mc-
Neill that in fiity*** organized labor alone
would be employed.
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS'
STATEMENT REFUTED
Named Hearst Fountain.
BERKELEY. June 23.— At a meeting of
the Herkeley Fountain Association held
lnst evening it was decided to name the
fountain Hearst fountain in honor of Mr«.
Phebe Hearst, who liberally subscribed
to the fund. It will not be in place before
the latter part of August, as all the
money hr.s not been collected. A commit
tee corsi=tlnp of H. C Barrow. W. L.
Overstreet, George Schmidt and Mis 9
Hick? will have charge ef the dedicatory
exercise. Because of a larger station
house which the Southern Pacific Com
pany will build the fountain will have to
bo erected on the plat south of Center
street.
TAKU, June 27.— The greatest anxiety
exists concerning the foreigners at Pe
king. Admiral Kempff twlieves that large
reinforeemeats are necessary to reach Pe
king. Major Waller'? command with 410
Russians was ambushed three miles from
Tientsin o.n June 21. They were compelled
to retreat, the Americans abandoning a
three-inch rifle and a Colt's gun, losing
four killed and seven wounded.
Amesican casualties in relief of Tientsin
follow:
Privates JOHN HUNTER and NICHO
LAS killed, Sergeant Taylor and Corporal
Pedrick and another wounded.
Lieutenant Irwin and Cadet Pettlnrill.
with forty men, were found In good Cun
dition at Tientsin.
BURNED TO DEATH.
Ladle of Molten Copper Falls on a
: ; . v Workman's Head.
Special Dispatch to Th«» rail.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. June £).— John Markey.
employed in the smelting works of the
United Verde mine at Jerome, was burnei
to death in a terrible manner, and two
Italians were severely burned last night.
Markey was a skimmer on a converter.
He had poured the contents of the con
verter into the great ladle and the crano
was hoisting it when the pail broke, pour-
Ing a large quantity of seething copper
over Markey and partially over the Ital
ians. His clothing was burned from h'.s
body and he lived but a short time, dyin;;
in fearful agony.
THEIR WEDDING DELAYED.
Moore and Mrs. Aubrey.
Divorce Decree Stands Between Dr.
BANGOR. Me.. June 29.— A special to
the News from Bar Harbor says that the
wedding of Mrs. L- Fuller Aubrey, daugh
ter of Chief Justice Fuller, to Dr. Samuel
Marcus Moore of Evanston. 111., which
was to have taken place to-day, was post
poned on account of the non-arrival of
certain papers supposed to be connected
with her divorce from her late husband.
Mr. Aubrey. It is understood that when
the divorce was granted the time limit
within which Mrs. Aubrey could not re
marry was fixed by the court, and tha
documents are believed to be in the na
ture of a compromise reviewing the tlma
restriction. It is expected that the wed
ding will take place to-morrow.
MAJOR WALLER'S
COMMAND AMBUSHED
SAN JOSE PUTS ON
HER GALA ATTIRE
and Fourth of July Cele
bration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Preparations for th© Elks' Carnival
SAN JOSE, June 23.— The Garden City
took on her gala attire to-day in honor
of the Elks' Fourth of July celebration.
Strings of flags and red. white and blue
bunting are stretched across the principal
streets and the business houses have be
gun decorating. St. James Park has also
been handsomely decorated with Chinese
lanterns and flags ann the platform for
dancing is nearly completed.
Not in years has so much enthusiasm
been shown over a Fourth of July celebra
tion and the coming celebration will be a
grand one. •
To-night the Elks gave a minstrel en
tertainment in Victory Theater in order
to raise funds for the celebration. The
place was crowded and the entertainment
given, though solely by local amateurs,
was worthy of professionals.
SUICIDE AFTER A QUARREL.
Mrs. William Fitzgerald Jumps
From a Stockton Wharf.
STOCKTON. June 30.— After quarreling
with her husband Mrs/ William Fitzger
ald, or tantier, as she is better known,
jumped from the wharf into the Stockton
channel this morning- at 12:30 o'clock. The
husband is "spieling" for a sideshow on
the midway and the two have been fight
ing for two or three days. She informed
him shortly after midnight she would
drown herself and he told her to go ahead.
The body was recovered.
EXHIBITS INSPECTED.
Commissioners and Their
Families.
Embassador Porter Dines- Rational
PARIS, June 29.— The National Commis
sioners of the Exposition to-day con
tinued their inspection of the American
exhibits, visiting the sections of Fine
Arts. Agricultural, Educational, For
estry and Fisheries.
The United States Embassador, General
Horace Porter, to-night dined the Na
tional Commissioners and their families,
fifty-two persons being seated at the
table. John K. Gowdy, the United States
Consul General here, and Archbishop Ire
land of St. Paul were also among those
present. .
Miss Ida Maloon has been a favorite in Oakland. She is a most accomplished
and graceful little dancer, and has always been found ready and willing to aid In
every event that has been of interest to the city or its organizations. When the
Oakland Exposition was running Miss Mtloon took charge of all of the dancing and
cakewalklng exhibitions, and arranged some very beautiful fancy dance figures.
Many of the events have been given originality and added success by her work, and
she has many friends who will wish her well in her new ambitions.
OAKLAND. June 29. — Miss Ida Maloon, tho daughter of License Inspector
Henry Maloon of this city. Is going to abandon light dancing and take up
legitimate drama. She will go East this fall and will take up a course of
study in the best New York schools of dramatic art.
EXPECTS TO WIN" FAME BEFORE 'I'HH FOOTLIGHTS.
Joseph Malatestt* Ended His Life
With Medicine Prescribed by
His Physician.
Joseph Malatesta. a seafaring 1 man. "S
yars old. was brought to the City Receiv
ing Hospital in a comatose condition yes
terday morning at 3 o'clock and died at
M minutes past €. He had been rooming
at V.» Fifth street for about a week and
•was being tresUed b>' Dr. XV. M. McLaren
for an attack of nervous depression
broueht on by overindulgence in alcoholic
stimulants. Dr. Mcl^arpp prescribed a
bottle of sedative medicine composed of
morphine, rhlnral and other dru?r?. with
directions to take ccrt.vin prescribed dopes,
but Malatesta thought he would sleep
better in the next w< rid and he BWaUowed
th«» entire contents of the bottle at one
guln.
Malatesta's room rent was paid by a
¦woman who claimed him as hor adopted
pon. She took go"<i care of him. visiting
him every day and providing him with
delicacies to eat. An autopsy on the body
of Malatesta by Mi rzue Surgeon Leland
*-br>wed tho symptoms of morphine pol
ponlnsr ami the stomach and contents
were handed over to the City Chemist for
analysis.
TOOK MORPHINE AFTER
A PROTRACTED SPREE!
The hum of a new industry may soon
tali on CIX ears of Pouth San Francisco's
populace. Tall derricks piercing the air
s»:id the dor of flowing oil and an army
(f b« workmen is the picture.Craw
ford I/ethnm of o.iklar.d believes wjil soon
Interest the residents of this city. In his
t pinion he has struck oil in paying quan
tities within the limit? of the metropolis.
Letham lias formally placed on record
vith Recorder Godchaux a notice of loca
tion on property he hopes will make him
ivr«lth>-. This ii'itice reads:
Notlc« of 1 »caticr. of placer claim — Notice is
hereby given to a!l whom it may concern that
2. Crawford I#tham. residence city of Oakland,
have this <Ja; - k'iated the following described
J.lac«- mining claim in the t-lty and county of
ten F"rßticisci : ' \'ninn»nciiiu at the im»-'rej-*"i."
t:on of the Vest twwindary line, e*ctir>n S4.
tovmhlp 2 8.. R. 6 W.. Mount Plablu meri
dian, and county ntrqf line existing between
i-an Mate.-- Owv\ on north ftvVi Pan Frsnois •¦>
County. t)i»no« n->r»h to noti<-» and monum-'m
IcCßtad at St. d*- Ar.g«h placer mining claim,
thence north and west €00, thence at right an
£l« south 1000 to the north, and east 9)0 to
o. ramenoement. I The rlaim shall be known as
the --Trust to I>uc« riarer Mining Oil Claim."
M'itne«?es — W!ll«m Fattersin. May F. l>ry
mari. CKAWVVUtI) LETHAM, Locator.
Ii is paid that out on Lotham's claim
& Mark substance midway lvtw< s en a gum
i;nd a liquid !>¦ forcing its way through
the crevices of the country nick, while
tlie breezes waft away the odors of gas
end petroleum snd tell the story of im
mense wealth hoarded away within the
bosom of the enrth. I>>tham's derrick
Trill soon rear i^elf among the rolling
hills near the county line, and then if
liquid wealth pours to him from the
incuth of the we;l casing attention will be
turneii from thr *f>uth — perhaps even from
Komo — and the fortune nuntors will' trend
their wav to the new El Domdo.
Recorder Gcdchaux Has His Notice
of Location on Record and a
Derrick May Soon Be
Erected. .
Crawford Letham Thinks He
Has Struck Petroleum
in San Francisco.
LOCATES AN OIL
CLAIM WITHIN
THE CITY LIMITS
The Republican County Committee's
plan of club organization in each Assem
bly district is haVing a fair test. The en
rollment of Republican voters as a pre
liminary step toward the formation of an
official club In each district began under
orderly and favorable auspices last Satur
da3 - evening and has since been conducted
in commendable form. The rolls in each
Assembly district will be open this even
ing for Fisuatures. All Republicans who
have not enrolled should sign to-night, be
cause the rolls will be closed for a few
days in order to afford opportunity for
Inspection. The next important step in
the process of organization will be the
election on July 9of club officers. It is
essential to the welfare of the Republican
party and to the cause of good local gov
ernment that the club officers shall be
men of character and intelligence. Round
ers, race track touts, saloon loafers and
railroad hirelings will jump in and en
deavor to gain control of the clubs If the
decent men of the party are not on guard
on the evening of July 9. Every enrolled
Republican will be permitted to vote for
cluh officers on that night. Those who
are not enrolled cannot participate In the
election.
In view of these facts the Importance
of enrollment this evening is obvious.
After the permanent organization is ef
fected enrollment will be resumed and ef
forts will then be made to persuade every
Republican voter in the city to join a club
and use every honorable effort to elect
decent men as delegates to the nomi
nating conventions.
The rounders and riff-raff that hang
around grog shops and do the bidding of
degraded bosses will not put up a straight
ticket of delegates to be voted for at the
primary election on August 14, but will
rely on their own cunning and the dull
ness of better citizens to get some of their
agents nominated In each district. The
merchants, worklngmen and property
nwnors In each district can control the sit
uation if they will go to the front at this
time and nominate decent men to serve as
delegate?. No proxies can be used. The
election law docs not permit a delegate
to appoint any one to serve in his place.
The law makes it easy for people who
work for a living and pay taxes to win
out.
The Bolls Will Close To-Night and
Remain Closed Until Permanent
Club Organizations Have
Been Effected.
Republicans Should Partici
pate in Election of Club
Officers.
DISTRICT CLUB
ENROLLMENT IS
ALL IMPORTANT
The silver jubilee of Rev. Father Augus
tine McClory, O. F. M.. was celebrated
at the Church of St. Boniface yesterday,
and the worthy gentleman received many
tokens of love and esteem from his con
gregation, to whom he has endeare<J him
self by his many acts of kindness and his
devotion to their interests.
The jubilee celebration began with a
solemn high mass at 9 a. m., with Father
Augustine as celebrant. He was assisted
by the pastor of the parish. Rev. Father
Maximilian, with Father Seraphim of
Watsonvllle as deacon and Father Vitalia
of the Indian mission in Lake County as
sub-deacon. Father Phllibert of the
parish acted as master of ceremonies and
Father Raphael of St. Anthony's parish
delivered a sermon in German and Eng
lish to the congregation.
In the evening the hall in the basement
of the new church building was crowded
to the doors by those anxious to show ap
preciation of their beloved priest's efforts
In their behalf.
The ladles of, the parish presented
Father Augustine with a beautiful set of
vestments and their husbands will place
in the new church a stained-glass window
bearing the figure of St. Augustine, the
patron saint of the father and a lasting
memento of the occasion.
The following programme closed the
celebration:
Selection, Mueller's Orchestra; Introduction.
Rev. Father Maximillian: sonar, church choir,
led by Professor Mayle; oration (German). Paul
A. Meyer; vocal solo. Miss Ortner; address
(English),, John S. Wildanke; selection, Muel
ler's Orchestra; recitation. Mr. Dombrink;
piano <*vet. the Misses Peterson and Vetter;
congratulations of St. Paulus Verein; con
gratulations of St. Peter's Verein; selection,
Mueller's Orchestra; congratulations of Catho
lic Knights; congratulations of Third Order.
German; vocal solo. Miss Josten. accompanied
by Misr Burns; recitation. Mr. Infaneer. St.
Peter's Gesanjj Pection; response ot Rev.
Father Augustine McClory.
Members of the Congregation of the
Church of St. Boniface Present
Him With Many Fine
Articles:
Father McClory Has Been
for Twenty-Five Years .
in Holy Orders.
POPULAR PRIEST
CELEBRATES HIS
SILVER JUBILEE
Grand Marshal Costello of the Admis
sion day • parade has received a com
munication from Woodland Parlor an
nouncing that it will turn out 150 members
in uniforms of light blue with white hats,
white belts and white overshoes. It will be
preceded by its own band of eighteen
pieces. M. C. Kiefer has been appointed
aid to the grand marshal.
Las Posltas Parlor of Livermore has'ap
pointed a committee, to make all arrange
ments to be in line. It will adopt a spe
cial uniform and will parade forty men
unless the National Guard should be or
dered out, in which event llfteen members
of the parlor will have to turn out with
the soldiers.
Stanford Parlor No. 7ti announces that
it will make a line showing, having made
arrangements for uniforms and special
features. The parlor has secured head
quarters and will do the grand in the way
of entertainment.
Charles H. Stanyan and M. Miller of the
special committee on flcats held an Infor
mal meeting yesterday afternoon to con
sider designs lor iluacs. A. number ot sug
gestions were offered, among the number
oeing tne following: The outer and inner
telegraph stations. Point Lobos and Tele
grapn riill,' announcing the arrival ol the
Oregon 'with the news of the admission of
Camornia into the Union; "the Oregon
entering the Golden Gate decorated from
stem to stern and from trucK to taffrail ";
"the pioneer schoolhouse on Portsmouth
Square"; "the mining Industry, represent
ing the primitive method of mining with
arastra, mining with pan, rocker and
sluices, and mining with quartz crusher;"
"the Union, represented by forty-lour
boys of uniform size, who will typliy the
manhood of the Union, with a Native
Daughter to represent California, the
thirty-ttrst State." Drawings expressing
these ideas will be prepared and submit
ted at the next meeting of the committee.
This committee is anxious that any one
having* suggestions for Moats will send
such suggestions to headquarters In the
Palace Hotel.
There was a large attendance of the
members of the Native Sons 1 general com
mittee of the seml-centenniai celebration
of Admission day last evening. First Vied
President F. 11. Dunne in the chair.
R. H. Morse was seated as a delegate
from California Parlor, vice James J.
Jamison, deceased.
The committee on badges reported in
favor of a white satin badge with gold
fringe, with the words "Joint Committee,"
surmounted by a bear.' There will be a
pendent star with the year 1900. On each
will be the title of the committee on
which the wearer Is serving. The report
was adopted.
The committee on local transportation
reported having received a satisfactory
proposition from carrfage owners.
. The Illumination ana decoration com
mittee presented a progress report.
The committee on entertainment pre
sented a report similar to the one offered
at the previous meeting, but it was sug
gested that It was too early to adopt as
linal a definite line of entertainment, so
action In the matter was deferred.
The finance committee reported that
everything is moving along favorably and
there is every prospect ot success in se
curing contributions.
The committee on hotels and accommo
dations announced that it will send out a
circular asking for Information in regard
to what accommodations can be secured.
R. Steinman was added to the committee.
The music committee reported that It
had called on the two musicians' unions
and that each had announced that there
would be no objection in relation to union
and non-union bands appearing In line.
The committee will make a report as soon
as it can ascertain what music shall be
required.
The report of the naval parade commit
tee, which has already been published in
The Call, was received as progressive.
The report of the committee on parade,
which has also been published, was ac
cepted. It was decided that the parade
be held on the 10th.
Fred W. Lees, delegate from Yerba
Buena Parlor, asked if the parade com
mittee had selected its grand marshal of
the 9th of September celebration.
Chairman Dunne remarked that the re
marks were unintelligible.
Mr. Lees said that he was not responsi
ble for the chairman's inability to under
stand plain language, but that the consti
tution provided for the duties of the
grand marshal of the Grand Parlor.
"Mr. Lees." said the chairman, "the
chair is willing to be advised even by
you."
Grand- Secretary Lunstedt suggested
that possibly Steve V. Costello had as a
member of the parade committee appoint
ed himself. This idea seemed to prevail
and no action was taken on Mr. Lees*
suggestion.
The committee on Pioneers reported
that invitations had been sent to the Cal
ifornia Pioneers, Sail Joaquln Pioneers,
Sacramento Pioneers. Marysville Pio
neers. El Dorado Pioneers, Santa Cruz
Pioneers, Santa Clara County Pioneers,
Placer County Pioneers and all California
Pioneer societies existing in the East.
The design adopted by the printing com
mittee is a reproduction of the design of
the Native Sons' statue on Market street,
with a background of palms; .back ot
these Is a view of the Golden Gate with a
setting sun: at the foot of the statue ara
the bear and municipal flags and a bear
and woman and little angels. The design
bears the words "Semi-Centennial Admis
sion Day Celebration. ISSO-1900." This was
; adopted as the desipn of the joint eom
i mittees. i
The committee on rules and regulations
presented a lengthy report defining the
duty of each committee. It was adopted.
J. J. Lrerman moved that the portraits
in the souvenir of the celebration shall bft
of uniform size and of uniform price. The
motion was lost.
Native Sons in Line.
San Francisco Parlor of the Native
Sons will parade its full membership on
the Fourth of July and will be preceded
by its drum corps. A number of other
parlors will make a showing in line next
Wednesday: it is expected there will be
between 800 and 1000. They will assemble
at Native Sons' Hall at 9:30 in the morn
ing. .
Design of the Admission Day Badge
Adopted by the General Com
mittee— Rules to Govern
All Concerned.
New Features Offered by the
Special Committee on
Street Floats.
PLANNING FOR
THE JUBILEE
CELEBRATION
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, June 23.
While walking in his sleep A. E. Cubitt.
a well-known resident of Livermore. was
nearly killed last nisht by stepping out of
a second story window, falling twenty
feet to the ground.
The unfortunate somnambulist was
found beneath the window unconscious
from his fall, but. strangely enough, suf
fering from no serious external injuries.
Other than cuts and bruises Cubitt es
caped almost miraculously. The fall was*
a sheer drop, with nothing to break ita
force. He had landed In a parden patch
in front of his residence, and it may hava
been that the soft, yielding earth upon
which he struck saved htm from broken
limbs or a fractured skull.
The suffering sleepwalker was soon pro
nounced in no danger, for he regained
his senses speedily, although there was
considerable, nervous shock. Of course.
Cubitt had no idea how the accident oc
curred, as his last recollection was when
he retired early during the evening.
For years Cubitt has been a sleep
walker. In fact, the habit was upon htm
even In his childhood. But In all of his
nocturnal peregrinations he had never
before suffered harm. Fully aware of his
affliction, he had always taken precau
tions against the occurrence of accidents
In hl3 sleepwalking experiences. On this
occasion, however, he nad loft a window
open when he went to bed because of the
heat of the room, and it -was this which
led to his fall.
Cubitt is a professional nurse and much
of his time he is awake all night in at
tendance upon patients. It does not ap
pear that during his sleep In the day tKne
the habit overcomes him. While there is
no apparent permanent Injury to the
young man, the accident will cause him to
double his precautions against its recur
rence.
Cubitt enjoys excellent health an<! a
sound physique, but all efforts to break
down the habit have failed.
Picked Up In an Unconscious Condi
tion and Borne to His Apart
ments — Cannot Explain
• Accident.
E. A. Cubitt Drop 3 Twenty
Feet Out of a Second-
Story Window.
NEARLY KILLED
BY FALL WHILE
SLEEP WALKING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 30, 11300.
WILL STUDY FOR THE
LEGITIMATE STAGE
This Is the recent decision of one of the
prominent societies of the world, but the exact
day has not yet been fixed upon, and while
there are very ' few ' people who believe this
prediction, there are thousands of others who
not : only believe, . but know that Hostetter'i
Stomach Bitters Is thebest medicine to cure
dyspepsia, indigestion, constipation, bilious
ness or liver and kidney, troubles. A fair trial
will certainly convince you of lt» value.
World to End This Year.
FARMERS ARE ARMING.
AL.TOONA. Pa.. June 29.— Farmers of
the Quemahonlne: are armed and guard,
inp a point that has been selected by the
Cambria Steel Company for the erection
of a dam four miles long and having a
depth of seventy-five feet at the breast.
The farmers declare the dam will be a
menace to public safety and decrease tha
value of their > lands. The property own
ers below the dam claim they will be in
constant danger of a repetition of the
Johnstown flood. A clash between the
civil engineers and the farmers is ex.
pected at any time.
11
By the Best Newspaper Artists on
the Pacific Coast.
7 FULL=PAGE 7
I ILLUSTRATIONS I
xxxxxxxx
VILL APPEAR i
Sunday's Call
IN THE GREAT ART MAGA*
ZINE SECTION OF NEXT
THE SUMMER GIRL IN COSTUME.
V—
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL
THE PROPER WAY TO DRAPE COLOMBIA.
THE LADIES OF THE WHITE HOUSE FOR
THE PAST CENTURY.
HQW THE BOXfRS DRILL FOR- WARFARE.
\ Member Poses for the Sunday Call.
HOW I SPENT THE FOURTH
AJ SANTIAGO.
By GENERAL SHAFTER.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JTJNE 30, 1900.
12
BAA" FKAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
CiU. comer of Market and Third itreets. open
until IT o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C2T Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayee street; open until 9:33 p. m.
CCS McAllister street; open uaill 9:30 p. O.
f;r> Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
3341 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
ZXI Mission street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntll 9 t. xn.
106 Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
J096 Valencia street; open until S p. m.
Nortfcwrst corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky street?; oren until 9 p. m.
CHITRCII SERVICES^
TRINITY Church, cor. Bush and Gough sts..
I Rev. Frederick VT. Oampett D.D.. rector-
Morning service. 11 o'clock. Holy communion,
11 a. m. Evening prayer. 4 o'clock. The rec-
tcr will preach. ]
MEETIXG KOTICES.
P.EGTLAR meeting of the Past ««k
Masters' Association. F. and fl.^L
A. M.. will be held at Masonio /KiOv
Temple on 6ATURDAT. June S^^XL.
30. 1&O0. at 8 o'clock p. m. By g%Z+J*\
order of the president. fJLr**llf^\\
PETER T. BARCLAY. Bee tfiEZTiXSX
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A_ m
M.. will meet THIS (SATURDAY) _#V-
AFTERKOON* ar.d EVENING. June V2T
20. at 3 o'clock and again at 7:80 /V^
o'clock. Third depree. By order of the
master. FRANKLIN H. PAY. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lofige No. 139, F. and A. •
M.— Officers and member 1 * are request
<i :.o attend the funeral cf our de- >2^\
ceased brother. H. J. HINCK. on SyN- f^T y
DAT, July I. at Masonic TempSe, at 1:30 p. m.
By order of the W. M.
H. FORTRIEDC. Sc&
MISSION Lodge No. 16S, F. and A. M. — M
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) m £\- m
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- Jt2T
gree. GEO. D. FLACK. Bee. P. T. '^r y
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge Xo. 260, F. «
and A. M. — The officer* and members _^#.
;.:•? requested to attend the furural of JS3T
our deceased brother, ABRAHAM /V^
FREDERICK HECTOR, late a member of
Bodie Lodge No. ill. Bodie. Cal., from the
Masonic Ternpie, SUNDAY. July 1, at 1
o'clock p. m. Funeral committees of city
lodges take notice.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. «j*iS^S»
0 F. — Members will meet In wysj^
lodgeroom SUNDAY. July 1. at :^3*-§§?
1:20 p. m.. to attend the funeral '"'•» >
of our late brother. R. C. GUNNISON,
WM. TROTTER, N. O.
CONCORniA Lodge No. 122. I. O. ~
O. F.— Th<> funeral committee is • : -S'23*'Sr
1 ereby r. tlfled m a«?er.ib!e at O<3«1 :^>SS^r'
Fellows' Hall SUNDAY. July 1. yi //i*v >
at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. to attend the funeral
of our late brother, H. J. HINCK. deceased.
By order of GEO. DERING. N. G.
CHRIST ROEBER, Recording Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of The San Francisco
and Pan Joaquln Valley Railway Company
•wiil be held at the office of the company. No.
2-1 Market st. San Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY, the 17th day of July. 1900. at the
hour of 11 o'clock forenoon, for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business a* may come before the meet-
lny. ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing cf the ttockholders of The Santa Fe Ter-
minal Company of California will be held at
the office of the company. No. 351 Market st.
San Francisco. Cal.. on TUESDAY, the 17th
<lay of July. 1900. at the hour of 2 o'clock p.
ns., for the purpose of electing a board of
dlreetors to serve fcr the ensuing year and
the trscsartlon of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER .MACKTE. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS can make $10 per day selling our
"Gatling Gua" harness riveter; send 50c in
Ftamps for sample loaded and special terms.
THOS. R. FOOTE Mfg. Co.. Los Angeles.Cal.
AGENTS wanted; good' pay. 226 Pine St..
Alaska Information Bureau.
ASTIIOLOGY.
MRS. Sadip Dunn, scientific astrologlst, strictly
ifllabie en all matters pertaining to lire and
bufinfrss-. horoscope readings, $L 1710 gutter.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attcrney at law, 827 Market St.,
rocra <^7; estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections: all cases; fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee w.thout success: collections. G. W".
HOWE, any at law. KGD Market,cor.Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless Buccesrful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 527 Market St.. cpp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Sprecicels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket rt.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
* UTOMODILnS— Fred WARD & SON,
¦**Vrents. 4C Fremont Et.
PATH CABINETS.
ROBINSON t'. 4-par.»l folding; door opens; firm
and cafe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt. 4J6 Ellis.
BICYCLES Vor Sale or Exchange.
GOOD f*cona-hand bicycles, all kinds and
tizof at ALLEN'S, 1371 Page et.
BOOKS— NEW AXD OLD.
SCHOOL EOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holm»« Bock Co.. 704 Misxlon 6t.. near Third.
UKLUIAN IlAItnS.
BELGIAN "IIARES '. I
All the jiopular strains at greatly reduced
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN ¦ HARE
ASSOCIATION, Alameda, Cal.
ELEGANT line cf imported does Just received;
from tZ up; pedigree guaranteed; Yukon and
other strains. 25** Hyde St., corner Eddy.
TItEMONT Belgian Hare Co.. 2134 Fillmore et.
Ean Francisco, Cal.— S«nd 6c in stamps for
book en care and feeling.
CHOICE PEDIGREED BELGIAN HARES;
cheap. 10CS4 Sutler st
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.. CM Gol-
den Gate aye., P.F., 500 rabbits for sale cheap.
HIGH scoring, pedigreed stock, reasonable.
P.cyal Rabbltry. 214 Golden Gate aye.. S. F.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
OAKLAND— SmaII child to board; mother's
care; sunny surroundings; terms reasonable.
30C7 Campbell St., Center Station, Oakland.
PRIVATE heme for children by day. week or
month; 1 day to 15 years; select neighborhood;
mother's care; eunny yard. 1304 Post at., cor.
F^ankiir:: phone Larkln 557. two bells.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A DAY calopn doing a large business; mostly
liquor trade; tuttures. glassware, etc.; $300;
stock at Invoice. Particulars. R. G. WILKE.
£6-4 Kearny st
A — trCO; CORNER grocery and bar on Brannan
rt.; rent 525: living rooms; a good paying
business. Call R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— s3oo; PARTNER wanted in coffee saloon
end chop bouse; close to Market Ft.; a splen-
did offer for the right man. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2C">4 Kearny et
A— l«W5; CANDY store and faptory; close to
Powell and Market sts.; rent J4<>: good pay-
ing b-j.«::i> •?; Fickness catu>e of sale. R. G.
WILKE. :6Vi Kearny gt
A— s4G«jo; CORNER grocery and bar; established
•tars and known as a money making place;
•Mtt location; close to Chronicle building. See
B. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny »t.
A-S1000; <;u«.»CERY tnd bar on Kan Bruno
road; livlnc rooms; cheap rent; splendid open-
ing for an active young man; party wishing
to retire from business cause of sale. Call
K. Q. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st
A— tlU*C: CQ&XKJK: wine and liquor store; only
one block from Market; rent SCO; horse,
•wagon and a large stock; splendid paying
business; disagreement cf partners cauf-e of
cale. See R. G. WILKE. Kearny et
JL — tZGOO; BEST paying corner grocery and bar
en Hayes et.: no rent to pay; a fplendid
chance. See R. G. WILKE. 26/4 Kearny st
tC-i'G — PARTNER wanted In a first-class saloon
<<n* toiock north of Market: owner leaving for
Europe. Call R. O. WILKE. S% Kearny st.
Ji:.O— GROCERY, delicacies, notions, bread.
milk, new stock; cheap rect LANK & CO.,
tC Market rt.
12A-HOME bakery, delicacies, candy and
cigars; living rooms. Lane & Co.. E65 Market.
SiOC— NOTIONS, school supplies, cigars, bread,
mlllc laundry, tine business. LANE & CO.,
Wo Market et.
UUh- PORK rtore; ham, bacon and delicacies ;
elegant builnesK. LANE & CO.. SU Market.
JTSO-IJAKKRY baking 3 bbls. a day: 2 horses,
vragca. harness; line etore trade: .living
resins; a bargain. LAKE & CO.. 565 Market
SAN RAFAEL and Bolfnas stage and mall
route for sale. Fcr particulars address SAV-
ERS BROS., Bollr.as. Cal.
SALOON, -with fixtures, etc., doing good busl-
¦ n«?e: $X: rent cheap. Apply 1U& Mission Bt
J",*IX tallorinjr «etabllshment on north Mar-
'"**£. «--st Powell; must be sold. Vox nij. Call.
nusixEss cn AxcEs— ¦loKtixued^
A— l3ooo $3000 $3000
PARTNER WANTED
Handsomely fitted bakery and lunch parlor;
must have partner; too much business for
proprietor to handle alone; best possible lo-
cation acrcss the bay; near railroad depot;
all first-class custom; positive guarantee from
owner that business clears $400 a mo.; books
open for inspection; Investigation solicited.
STENBERO CO.. 935 Market st.
A— s4so: RESTAURANT; best block on lead-
Ing street; doing good business: meals 20c
and upward; e?tab. years; fine for man and
wife. STENBERG CO.. 935 Market st.
A— s2oo; 9-ROOM lodfring-house In center of
city; north of Market: owner leaving Etate;
must sell. STENBERQ CO.. 933 Market st
FOR eale— ln live mining town of Sonora, coun-
ty seat, ice cream and candy factory with res-
taurant attached; finest place and best busl-
J ness in country, making money; no opposi-
tion; splendid opportunity for man & wife; in-
vestigation solicited: owner wishes to sell at
once account sickness. STENBERG & CO., BSo
Maiket. or P. O. box Sl2. Sonora. Cal.
wTNTED— Persons possessed of $300 to engage
In best paying; business in city; guaranteed
employment on good salary; Invite lnvestiffa-
tion. Box IS66> Call office.
FOR sale to the highest bidder— looo shares or
part in a good-paying mother lode mine; 20-
ttamp mill in full operation. Box 1554, Call.
A RARE chance; 3 active men to take equal
Interest ivlth owner In a valuable proposi-
tion;, small capital. Box 1861. Call.
FIRST-CLASS corner saloon: will refit for
grocery and bar: no reasonable offer rejected.
Apply The Boulevard. Ft. Loboa and First ay.
TO RUSTLER-Half interest in law and collec-
tion agency; no money required. Box 1563, Call.
•WAREHOUSE business for sale. Including fully
equipped plant for grinding and cleaning
grain; engine, boiler, mill, cleaner, etc.; lo-
cated on R. R. central, Alameda Co. '„ no
competition; business of last season clearing
owner 11700 to $1500; buildings and machinery
all In Al condition: price for all. Including
large lot, $3000; a great bargain and will bear
closest investigation to parties meaning busl-
neas. H. H. CRAJiE. SOS California st,
FOR sale— A strictly good business; restaurant:
100 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery us-
ing 2 barrels flour dally; horse and wagon;
lodging-house, 34 rooms, newly furnished:
finest opportunity to mak« money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant, Bakers-
fleld. Cal.
GOOD-PAYINO candy store, ice cream parlor;
established 16 years; principal street; easily
clearing $100 a month; finest chance in the
world for widow or two parties; full Investi-
gation or trial allowed. See owner. 22 Sixth.
WISHING to retire I will sell by blacksmith
shop and tools »t Blacks Station, Yolo Coun-
ty; it is a good paying business and good lo-
cation- Inquire at Blacks Station. WIL-
LIAM SANDROCK. proprietor. .
NICE family liquor etore, with bar, at invoice
value; must be sold at once. Apply 112 Taylor
Bt. Saloon, doing good business, in wholesale
district; price reasonable. Apply EOl Market.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location: place is entirely covered; contains 3
Ftall?; rent only $15; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
LEADING hotel in Monterey; 35 rooms, parlor,
dining-room, kitchen, bar; completely funr*:
•will rent, sell or exchange. For particulars
•write JOHNSON & CARR. Monterey, Cal.
"WANTED— Party with $15,000 to buy % inter-
est in established manufacturing business;
¦will net $1000 per month profit: immediate ac-
tlon required. Box 1810. Call.
$CO0 — SALOON; centrally located: present owner
S years; good stock of fixtures; business
speaks for itself. Apply 79 Third Bt
SHOEMAKERS; store and repairs; thriving
country town; no capital required. Apply or
address Yosemite House. Market st., room 38.
A— sl7s: BRANCH bakery and delicacy store: S
living rooms, with water: rent $12. 428 Sixth.
FOR sale — Well-stocked and good-located sa-
loon; gocd business. 617 Seventh st.
CANDY etore for sale; good s*.ock and fixtures;
low rent; no agents. 13S Hayes st.
FOR sale— Fruit and oyster stand. 1576 Market
Et.; cheap If sold at once.
HALF business horseshoeing shop for Bale. 620
Davis ft. ¦
DON'T miss the tripods and lamps at the
BACKUS STUDIO. 11 Geary; other bargains.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ICSB Va-
lencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
PARTY owning first-class hotel with bar In
town near R. R. depot. Central Alameda Co.;
desires to exchange for first-class boarding
and rooming house in Oakland. H. H.
CRANE. UM California st.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MFG. of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry; -wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. £33 Market St.. S. F.
CAPE XOME.
Al STEAMERS for Cape Nome: sailings July
C and 10; fare $60. C. F. MOORE, 935 Market
ft., room &
CAUPET BEATIXG AXD CLfcAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to fiPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, :^-257 Tehama 6t; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
342-344 McAllister st. ; phone South 146.
J E MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. SS-40 Sth st. r tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4t"3 Stevenson St., tel. South ?2S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; teL Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 4C3 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 2C4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, .333 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone Eaut ;26.
CARRIAGES AXD WACO! S.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON, 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at 532 Mission st.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. work & driving hnrf^s. ISth & Valencia.
" SPIRITUALISM.
GO to Wat»on. spiritual medium and palmist;
"lucky and truest" readings, 23c up. 1581
Market st.. near • ¦
AT Friendship Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. Mey-
- er; convincing test to-night 10c; sittings dally.
WYLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium. 320
Eli'.s, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays Included.
MRS. DUNHAM, medium: readings daily; cir.
Tues.. FrL. 2. 8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
MRS. KOTTER. spiritual medium; sittings; G.
SI. L. 50c; cir. Mo.. Wed., Fn., 10c. 34 Sixth.
MRS J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; fitting. $L 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~
MRS DR. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 205 Turk st,
may be consulted on all affairs of life; she
•will show you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles: restore lost affec-
tions- unite the separated; satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; eend stamp for circular with
tpecial terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk
st.. near Jones.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
eecret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with dorble veil & second night,
diagnows disease with life reading: ladies 50c.
cents $1: palm. & clalr. ; git. $1 50. 126 Turk gt.
MME. ZEREDA. the' gypsy, Is the great palmist
and card reader. 25c. 5 Seventh st; no sign.
Ml.-"S MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. S2U4 Mission, op. Mint.
MME. August, clairvoyant card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 25c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
tittlngs dally. 212/4 Sixth Bt. .
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth «t
MME. SYBILLE — Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's plctur*: 25c: ladles. 914 O'Fsrrell Bt.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
GEORGeTw. KE^LY^FA^ency^No rchargTunl
less Fuccessfut. Room 310. 927 Market gt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 8 rooms and bath. 3535 Twenty-
fifth et; rent $9.
MISSION. 1142. rear— A eunny cottage; 7 rooms;
$:o. . ..-¦¦¦.
PERRY, S3 — Cottage 7 rooms; large sunny
yard; sun all day; rent $18.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospltal~Po«t. Fillmore^
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West C 36.
DR CREKLY*SC. P. mange cure and worm pills
by drueeists or at hosniui L SlO Golden Gate ay.
•¦¦ WfflMßMßMfiHMWWfißfij
' ' DENTISTS. -r-.-"-^
AT thevELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty ;• : gold • crowns,
$3 DO up; plates, extractions free, $4 £0 up: of-
fice hours, a a. m." to 10 p. m. ; Sundays",* 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. -Manager.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443-Market. nr. Eleventh
—No charre for extracting when plates are
made: old- plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per get; extracting, 60c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 'O'Farrell St.. on
. vacation from June 13 until July 1.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth. '
SET of t«eih without plate. DR. H. G-
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. - - '
DRESS9IAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
PARISIAN dressmaking, 357 Geary st. ; -dresses
made, ?o up; dresfffs made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL'S is the place to learn dressraak-
lng and ladles' tailoring; cv. class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT. S3O Sutter st.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDEON pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&MofCatt.
EDUCATIOXAL. :
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FKANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE.- 1236 Market Bt.
AYRES*. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; life scholarship, $50; Includes short-
band, typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 805 Larkln St.:
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyoeum Theater. 310
O'Farrell; positions grntd. to finished pupils.
LAW schools. 927 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st..
S. F. : founded 1563; SO-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand; bookkeeping. Parrott big.; cat" log.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling.
deg|»ml7ig. carving: all branches. 414 Pine Bt.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
EMI'LOYME.vr OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese, employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush ISS.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay 88.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter: tel. Black 6C72.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Of flee;
best help furn.; tel. John 212 L BWH Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411*4 O'Farrcll Bt. ; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALS.
COOK; superior in all kinds of cooking; can
cook lor hotel of 100 guests; has th»best of
references, hotels, resorts; wishes a situation |
as hotel cook. Can be found at J. F. CROS-
ETT' S Aerency. 316 Sutter Et.
DRESSMAKER of ability and experience .in
best work: perfect fitter and trimmer; latest
' styles; price moderate, by the day. Address
Box 1565. Call office.
YOUNG lady, experienced operator on Singer
button-hole machine: wishes steady position;
please state wages. Box 1556, Call.
A COMPETENT nurse would like a few more
confinement cases; is also a good house-
keeper. 9\3 Howard st.
SWEDISH girl wishes a situation In a family
to do housework and cooking. 64 Fair Oaks.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 116 Sixth st.
A WOMAN -wishes housework and sewing by
the day. 1573 Fifteenth St., near Mission.
YOUNG colored girl wishes a situation to take
care of a child during the day; wages $10.'
L. 8.. 108 Valparaiso Et.
WOMAN wishes plnln washing to do at home;
would take It every day If required. Address
621 Jessie st.. off Seventh, rear.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer
and typewriter; beft references. Box 672, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Bt., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 2Sc to Jl 50 nicht; $1 60 to $6
¦week; convenient and respectable; free dus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia et.
EMPLOY3IE.\T WASTED — MALE.
YOUNG man, speaking and writing- fluently
French, German and English, desires posi-
tion as valet, traveling attendant or amanu-
ensis; fair cook also; good certificates. M.
P., box 1858. Call office.
EXPERIEN'CHD your.gr man. single, age 26, de-
siies position as assistant bookkeeper, clerk
cr timekeeper: understands operating Smith
Premier typewriter; best of references fur-
nished; no objection to country- Box 1562, Call.
FIRST-CLASS coachman for private family;
sober, neat appearance, well posted in I the
city; gocd driver and worker; many years with
same employer; best references. Address L.
A.. SC9 Mission St., city.
A RESPECTFUL Danish middle-aged man
wiphes a position as watchman or as a stable
man in a small stable, or run elevator; will-
ing to learn. Address M. E.. 717 Treat aye.
RELIABLE, temr>erate, experienced man of 33
?wants employment In store, office or cigar
stand; day work; wages* no particular ob-
Jcct. Box ISOB, Call office.
A GOOD fireman wishes some work In the city
Please call at 675 A Natoma st.
AN experienced' reliable driver wishes posi-
tion with business house as driver or porter
Address J. R.. box 635. Call.
GOOD bookkeeper and accountant, young mar-
ried man, well acquainted with the wholesale
trade of this city, competent and reliable de-
sires a position; best of references. Box ISU
Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man with wife and two chil-
dren, aged 12 and 14 years, wishes place on
ranch; experienced. Address S. E.. 1824 Vir-
ginia St.. Berkeley, Cal.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .
EXPERT OPTICIANS. (
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician
1071V4 Market (near 7th)— Examinations free;
German eye water by mall. BOc; see City Di-
rectory. Phone Mint 257.- .
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manas?*, oculint optician. 910 Mkt.
. FLATS TO LET.
A— 3 UPPER sunny modern flats, S and 6 rms.
bath each. 967, 973. 975 Golden Qctg aye.
A—B-RCOMA — 8-RCOM flat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows-
all. modern improvem't*: I*t floor. 417^ Third.
A SUNNY upper flat; good condition; 4 rooms:
$10. 118 Perry St., near Third.
CALIFORNIA, 1410^4, near Hyde— Handsome
lower flat 6 rooms; rent $IS.
CORNER fiat of 6 sunny rooms and bath;
above quiet grocery; rent $15. 110 San Jose
avunue. . ,
COZY home flat; C rooms; bath. \ 4118 Lyon
St.. near Hayes; $18.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; stationary wash-
tubs; $12. Sl9 Jessie st.
FLAT. $13: also sunny 4-room cottage, $10; key
at 623 Second St.. near • Mall Dock. •
FULTON. ; S2> — Flat of % rooms; rent $9.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HO WELL, 10 Montgomery.
LOVELY sunny C-room flat; rent $20. _ 219 V& Elm
aye., near Van Ne?s ¦ and Golden ; Gate.
MISSION, 1315, nr. : llth— 6 sunny rooms," bath,
laundry, yard; clean;, rent JIS.
MODERN flat. 6 rooms and bath; 830'^ Bush
St.; rent cheap. AppIy.MADISON & BURKE,
€28 Market st.
NINETEENTH, 89S0. 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro-Bt.* cars— Lovely • lower *¦ key-lot . 6-
' room flat; sun all day;. rent $1S; water free.
SACRAMENTO, 13C1— Bay-window flat of S
rooms; rent $12 50.. : ,
SUNNY upper flat; Srooms: bath; all sunny;
rent 123. Cor. Broadway and Larkln :«t.V
S.W. COR.. Just-, completed. ;upper flat of 7
rooms; all sunny and up-to-date .In every
. particular,. $35. ICI7- Page Bt.
$10— FLAT of 5 rooms. 613 Th lrteenth st. '
$B— UPPER flat; 3 sunny rooms. 242 Harriet St.,
near Sixth, bet. Harrison and Bryant. ¦.'¦'
$12— r. ROOMS \ and bath.' 1718 A Leaven worth
gtreet.* •:-*"¦ - ¦ * * ¦¦ *-..*: ¦
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED? 7
AN elegant 7-room flat; modern improvements.
2410 Sacramento St.. near Webster. -
FURNITURE FOX SALE. .
SEVEN nicely furnished rooms with 'bath; 4
¦rooms rented steady; low rent: _eood loca-
tion. Please Inquire at 14168 Howard E t..
near Tenth. • : '¦-- ' "¦¦' ¦"•¦_*
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4* 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
" FURNITURE WANTED, r
ALFRED. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand fumltur^
iW. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 83-& .
HELP AVAXTED-FEMALE.
c7lT7LTNiiSr&~ar^
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
2 'waitresses, Cazadero, $20, free fare both
ways; 6 waitresses, different springs and re-
sorts. |20 and $25; 2 waitresses, liakersfleM,
$30, see party here; 2. wsJ tresses, Fresno. 525,
free fare; 2 waitresses, Watsonville, $20; 2
waitresses. Visalia, $25, free fare; waitress,
Santa Crua. $30. free fare: 21 chambermaids to
wait, city and country. $20; 3 chambermaids,
etralght work, city, $1S; chambermaid, city,
$20. ' ¦
'family department
2 girls, cooking, country, same place, £>$
each, good place for 2 friends; French grlrl. $20.
country; colored girl, city, $20; ranch cook,
$30; houseglrls, .Grass Valley and Gllroy, $25
and fare; clrl. care of 2 children and light
housework ; others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10* Geary st.
HOUSEKEEPER, widower's family: country;
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, plain wash, private family"
country, $35; cook,. small family, city, $30; 3
hotel cooks, $30, $35 and $40; woman to do
cleaning for an Institution, steady work, $23;
7 waitresses and chambermaids for springs,
. resorts and city and country hotels, $20, $23;
Scandinavian "chambermaid, private family,
$23; chambermaid, straight work, country
hotel, $20; nurse for institution, $20; 4 secona
.girls, city and country, $20 and $25; and a
great number of girls for general housework,
city and country, too numerous to advertise,
wafres $20. $25 and $30. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT AGENCY, 816 Sutter st.
WANTED— Chambermaid, country hotel, free
fare. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay St. '
WANTED- Talloress who has had experience in
making tailor-made Jackets; state age, experi-
ence, reference, salary. Apply box 1564, Call.
NEAT German girl for general housework;
wages $20. 606 Castro St.
WANTED— A young colored girl to assist ia
light housework. 6GO Geary st.
GIRL to wash napkins and wait at table. 612
Kearny Bt. .
GIRL to assist In general housework. 1408
Grove st. *
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory, 32% Fremont St.;
no.exeprience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove sts.
RELIABLE woman or girl to assist with chil-
dren and housework; good home; small
wages. 1806 Geary Bt.
WANTED— GirIs and young women for light
work in laundry. Apply Monday morning at
ISI9 Eddy st. ¦•
¦WANTED — Girls and young women for light
work in laundry. Apply this morning at 1519
Eddy st.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder:
, Etate experience, salary and references. Ad-
drces C. H.. box 1524, Call office.
APPRENTICE for hair work at Q. LEDER-
ER'S. 123 Stockton st.
WOMAN wanted as general ironer; wages $30,
found. Apply Stanford Laundry. Palo Alto.
COMPETENT houseworker wanted at play-
grounds. Park; must be good cake baker: $30.
WAITRESS; good home. Apply 448 Third st.
WOMAN would like to put a child in German
family: axe 3 years. 1312 Mission st. |
A GIRL to assist in general housework. S2S
Turk st.
WANTED— Waitress. Hotel Repeller, 761 Sut-
ter st. a
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
Folsom St.. bet. 13th and 14th sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
100 teamsters. 100 laborers, new railroad work
in Nevada $2 a day
Ship daily ...Fee $1 Free Fare
?00 laborers, Coast road, company's own work
$2 a day
Ship daily Fee $1 Free Fare
200 teamsters. Coast road .$2 a day
Ship daily Fee $1 Free Fare
10 tunnel men, $2 25 to $2 £0 a day; 1Q team-
sters, near city. $1 a day and beard; 50
woodsmen, $35 to $45 and found, see boss here;
6 farmers, fare 50c. $1 25 a day and board: a
blacksmiths, $2 25. $2 50 and $3 a day; horse-
shoer, $2 50; woodworker. $3; ranch wheel-
wright. $35: butter maker, $50 and found; 4
miners and machine men, $2 60 to $3 a day;
man about place, $25; 2 choreman, summer re-
eorte, $25; cement finisher, country, $J a day..
Experienced Janitor with references. $50....
HOTEL DEPARTMENT :..
Hctel night clerk, country, 140, see proprietor
here; chef, $100; baker, $60; assistant cook.
$50; cook's helper, $30; all for first-class sum-
mer resort: see dobs here at 8:30 this morn-
ing: free fare both ways; wafflerr»an, country
hotel. $40 and free fare; assistant cook, coun-
try hctel. $40 and free fare; second cook, $60,
and broiler, $30, same country hotel: cook and
wife waitress, country hotel, $70 and fare ad-
vanced; meat cook, country hotel, $50, fare
advanced: German cook, country hotel, $50; 2
diPhwashers, country hotels. $25: dishwashers
and kitchen hands, $20, $25 and $30
10 waiters, different country hotels, $30 and
$25; waiter, help hall, country hotel, $25; 6
restaurant waiters, $30, $35 and $40
Elevator boy, hotel; city. $20
"Bar porter, summer resort, $20...:.
. C. R. HANSEN A CO 104 G»ary st.
ASSISTANT cook, country hotel. $40 and free
fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WAFFLEMAN, country hotel, $40 and free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO .....104 Geary st.
TWO neat bell boys, references, first-das^
, country hotel. 115 and free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
FIVE colored waiters, same country hotel. $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED egg candler, wholesale house,
$50 :
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Peary at.
SWISS gardener, $30; man about place, $25: 6
. farmers, $26 to $30; coachman, $25; washer
and Etarcher. $35 and found: foreman, small
fruit ranch; machinists. $3 to $3 50 day; 5
blacksmiths; miners, $40 and board and $3
day; laborers for mines, mills, woods and
railroads; 6 laborers for Humboldt County; 3
laborers for surface work at mine, nice place,
$2 day; 2 carmen, $2 25 day: stablemen for
city and country. $30 and found, and many
others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 62S Sacra-
mento st.
RANCH cook, $35; colored kitchen man, $25 and
found; restaurant and hotel cooks; waiter,
country hotel, fare advanced, $30; waiters,
resorts and springs, $25; extra waiters: dish-
washers and others. J..F. CROSETT AGEN-
CY, 628 Sacramento st.
SHEEPHERDER, $25; driver for milk wagon
$50; can washer. $45; and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT AGENCY, C2S Sacramento" et.
WANTED .......... .../.
To go to-day, 4 men around yard and saw-
mill, $30; and < found and free fare; first and
second bakers, country, $50 and $40: 2 farmers,
San Mateo, $26: harvest hand, $1 50 a day-
dairyman, $30; /our-horse teamster, city, $30
and found; - choreman, country, $2»; . porter,
city, $25 and board; 4 men to hoe, $30; " team-
sters, country, $35 farmer for vineyard, $80; 2
dishwashers for resorts. $25 and $15. -. W D
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— HOTEL Gazette, 26 Montgomery st., room
12— 6 waiters, first-class cafe, $40, big side
money; head waiter, $75; pantry man, $30;
nirht hall man. $20.
WANTED— A good barber . for Saturday and
Sunday or Saturday eve and Sunday.' 2195
Powell st. •.
A NO. 1 first class barber wanted Immediately;
.-'sl4 per week guaranteed. Address 11. • L.,
postofflce box 607, Sacramento. .
WANTED-^-Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
715 Davis Bt.
.WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
1073 Market St.. near Seventh.
GOOD barber wanted; $5 for. Saturday and Sun-
day; steady if desired. • 108 Fourth st. .;.<.: .
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 257 Third st.
GOOD barber .wanted for Saturday; ¦wages $3
142ViJSIghth st. ¦ • t ¦
BARBER for Saturday. x 137% Fifth st.;
BARBER; for Saturday and Sunday. 131 Va--
•¦. lcnciast;; chance for steady."
AT £28 Powell St., a first-class barber; none
. other, need apply. '
BARBERS— ISc'^ Bhop;> a- bargain; ¦¦: must- cell;
sickness. . OUS PETERS. 44 East Santa Clara
St., San Jose. Cal. <;> ,
TO LET— Furnished barber shop: 2 chairs; long
¦¦¦ established. .¦ Apply 3389 ; Twenty-fourth ' st. ; >¦¦.
BARBERS— A 3-chalr shop for sale.- Apply on
. premises, 14 Turk et. t ¦ *
.\VANTEI>-^Nlght waiter with some knowledge
."of ccooklng, at, 1436 Turk:st. ¦ .¦ .-•.¦-. . ..¦' ¦.<.-. ,
WANTED— Man 'of good "character; deliver and
" collectfor old established mnfg.- house; * $900 a
-'. year s and expenses « gntd. : Address ' Manufac-
t urer.; 3d floor, 330 ¦, Dearborn ? St., " Chicago. ;.
. HELP WANTED---MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY........ Phone Main 5543
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
*.... WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY ~..
7236 men for different positions in Washlng-
' ton, Oregon, Nevada, Utah, ' Arizona and all
parts of California: good wages.
•. 600 men for railroad work, reconstruction and
new work on following divisions
DUNSMUIR.. SHASTA....... TRUCKEE
State of Nevada :....Balt Lake
Sacramento .......Western and
all coast divisions of Cal...... Santa Barbara
Los Angeles ...We ship you on
all above divisions, free fare; office fee $1; no
other expenses • •
.........AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE
to 35 sawmills, etc •--•
No experience wanted «•••
663 men for different jobs, from laborers to
.run machines/wages from $20 to $40 pet
month and found.. '• \
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers, $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, jackscrewers. band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen. In
fact, we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc., $SO. $75, $90, $120, $60,
$50. $40, $30 and found; 554 woodchoppers, tle-
inakers. tools and food found; some at mines.
*3. J 2 50, tZ, $150, $1 and 75c cord; shingle
joiner, shingle packer; 25 laborers for a. saw-
mill, fare paid, $40 and found
. 50 laborers, handy with hatchet, to build
flume ......*3O, *a.">. $40 and found
..HATMAKKO AND HARVEST CREWS..
Header wagon driver, $2 a day and found; 282
men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work in
fields, header men, etc.. $1 25. $1 50, $2 day
and found; come and see —
STABLES. VINEYARDS AND ORCHARDS
GARDENS
16 stablemen, city and country jobs, $40, $35,
730, $25 and found; buggy washer, $30....
129 .vineyard and orchard hands. $35, $30. $20
and found; 5 gardeners, 1 stableman, all for
private families, S3O, 525. $20 and found; come
V.DXI'RIEaV''CHEESE>ACTORIESy.*!!"..*
39 milkers for different places, $35, $30 and
found; 6 butter makers and run separators,
boss here. $35 and found; 5 cheese makers,
different jobs, $35 and $40 and found; stable-
man, private place, $25 and found
MEN AND BOYS TO CUT FRUIT
BERRY PICKERS
60 boys and men to cut fruit, no experience
required, piecework, can make good wages —
4 machine miners /. $30
MECHANICAL HELP
Engineer for ranch, $60 and fdL: blaclt-
Bmlth helper for a mine, $60: fireman, mines,
$52 60; spool tender, sawmill company, $2 50
day. •
Cooper to make butter kegs. IS blacksmiths
and horseshoers. $2 60. $60. $70. $45 and $30
and found .*.... S\ •'
50 laborers. S. P. R. R. $2 day. free fare
SPECIAL NOTICE— MINES— BIO WAGES.
35 laborers for mines, no experience required,
you'll suit, $40 to $4S per month 'and found;
29 miners, single hand..... $90 and $75
Crowds going to gold mines
For a new mine
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 50, $34 and
found; 6 men and wives for ranches, $40. ?30,
$30 and found ••••••
Read these carefully
3G5 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco, J3.
»2 50, $2, $1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
home; -2 strong laboring men. factory, $2 25
day. .......¦.................••«•«•••••••••"•••••••"•
12 single-handed miners, fare $2 50. $4jO and
found; coal miners, hard-rock men. drillers,
ipek men, hammer men, $2 25 day..^.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A-LAUNDRY.... CANDY-MAKER ....COOKS
Candy-maker, country J4O
Camp waiters, J25 and $20; second baker, $40
and found; 18 cooks, $35, $40, ?45 and $60 and
found .....................••.-•••.•••••••••••*•
Butchers $35 and $30 and found
Cookr. for ranches, hay press $30 and found
bakers and helpers. $30 and |40 and
found; boy for bakery, $20 and found; cook
and wife, $50 and found: waiters, bakery,
cafes, hotels, resorts. $30, $33 and $40 and
"""MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
TELEPHONE and XELEGRAPH ORDERS-
Man and wife for an institution, $40 and
found: coremaker, manufacturing company,
$3 day.. :
All-round butcher $35 to $40 and found
Manglers for laundry
Cook and wife orjwo men for a lumber com-
pany, .see boss here.. 9 coODers. slack work;
3 pantrymen 3 men for private families;
18 laundrymen and a boy to learn same trade.
Cooks for mines $50 and $60
Carriage woodworker $2 CO day
3 brick molders, see boss here
MURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay st.
2 WAITERS, mines, $30 and found; lunch
counter man, $35 and found
Cook and wife, sawmill company.. s6o and fd
3 assistant bookkeepers, typewriters and
stenographers fcr vineyards, sawmills, etc.
3 hotel porters, hotels and resorts, $20, $25
and found
' Cabinet makers, $2 75 day
f 3 markers for tf"laundry
Third cok for a mine, call early.. s3o and fd
Man to aesist baker for a mine $30 and fd
MURRAY & READY. C 34-636 Clay St.
A— COME DOWN and get our list, containing
7236 different Jobs. MURRAY & READY.
SUPERINTENDENT for large orchard and
vineyard, north; California references and
experience:""* good wages. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SEE BOSS AT OUR OFFICE
13 laborers to pile lumber, $30 and fd., see
boss here, fare paid
First and second baker, same country shop,
$i 0 and $40 and fd., .see boss here, fare paid.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63& Clay St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— I 2 persons to travel; salary $7SO and
expenses; absolutely no canvassing; perma-
nent position; reference; enclose self-ad-
dressed stamped envelope. Colonial Company,
232 Dearborn at., Chicago.
MAN wanted round kitchen; $10 month: short
distance in country- Northeast corner Mar-
k-it and Mason sts. ; basement.
WANTED— Extra waiter. 435 Ellis St.
¦WANTED— Young man to work in kitchen; $;¦;.
IS Eddy st. ¦
AVANTED— A waiter nt the New Washington
Hotel. Fourth and Harrison st*.
ERRAND boy. . 335 Bush St.. first floor.
WANTED— A butcher at 233 Cortland aye..
corner of Buena Vista.
WANTED — Shoemaker to buy a good paying
repairing shop.' 1155 Howard st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Octavia st., near Post.
.EXPERIENCED milk driver. 140S Devisadero
street.
WANTED— Recruits Tor the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not ever 6 feet 1 inch in height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
eons who ha\*e lejrally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply ¦at the Marine Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal., or
C3O X et., Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED— AII white laborers to Join the Com-
mon Laborers' Union for Economy. Address
by ISADOR FRANK. Sunday. July 1. 2 p. m.,
909 Market »t. : admission free.
WANTED— Strong young man residing with
parents to work in wholesale fruit house;
early hours: wages $5 week. Box 1833. Call. •
BOY 14 or up to shine shoes and do Janitor
work in barber shop; steady Job; board and
room. 104S McAllister st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 25c to
50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d Ets.
WANTED— Carriage painter at BENSON'S,
corner Twenty-third and Bartlett sts.
WANTED— A man to help In kitchen. Call 713
Valencia st. - ' ¦
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; ISO large
rooms; 2Ec per night; $1 to $2 per week.
HKLPER on bread; one that can mold: $8 per
week: no Sunday work. -Apply St. Lawrence
Bakery. 1056 Market St.. Oakland.
WANTED— AbIe man to work on a chicken
-ranch. Apply at cor ISth and Arkansas sts.
MEN' and women to learn barber trade: small
-¦"wages while learning: catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College, 741 A Howard st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly 'damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d Bts.
WANTED— 2 and 4 horße" teamsters: apply
early Monday at-627 14th st., near Guerrero,
fan Francisco Construction Company.
S\ILORB, seamen and green- hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO. D.' CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16
' — ¦ years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. '2sc night; reading room; tree
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. |
LINDELL House," corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15e to 25c per night; 75c to $2 p*r week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
"received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office: for. Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
•'- Icncl.q rt.
HOUSES. LlVli: STOCK. Etc— Kor Sal>
A CARLOAD of I well-broke draft and driving
. horses, , Just- arrlvedV- weighing from 1000 to
ISO ¦ pounds; . tha horses can be ; seen now at
1 the Stanford. Btables. 308-310 Golden Gate aye.
40 HORSES . for sale; '; • also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. '.Grand Arcade Horse • Market,
"327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every .Wednesday.
? S.ULLIVAN & DOYLE, 'Auctioneers. *,
LO/t of. cheap hon«es- for campers, peddlers or
•business at CANT Y' S. 2170 Market St. ; Castro-
: st. cars pass the door. >* ¦ :
HORSES— Young, wellbroken, for all purposes,
tS cheap; best In city. .'771 Howard st, nr.' Third.
FOR sale-^-2 r extra fine" carriase -teams. DAL-
' ZIEL-'J.Vet.' > Dentist. ;' cos Onidau Gate aye
HOUSES TO : LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
: cular. G. H. UMBSEX &. CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SAN ANSELMO— Furnished or unfurnished; a
beautiful country residence; 8 rooms; every
convenience; rent moderate. Station master,
San Anselmo.
$23 — SUNNY modern house, 7 rooms and bath;
B newly renovated. 720 Brcderick. nr. McAllister,
$14— A SUNNY home: water free; garden. 611
Dolores st.. near Twentieth.
HOUSES TO LET — FURMSiIED.
SACRAMENTO. 2679— Nicely furnished modern
house of 7 rooms. .W. B. HUFF & CO.
jx>st xxd voysu.
LOST^OiT steamer Ukiah. 7:50 a. m. trip from
San Rafael. Wednesday. June 27. ladiea'
pocketbook, containing money and ticket. Re-
- jWard If return»d to 61 Appraiser's building.
LOST— Thursday morning, black opera bag,
containing glass and holder Initialed E. F.
Return to 27 Belvedere s>t. ; reward.
LOST— Tailor's account book, near Clay-st.
market. Liberal reward: address In book.
medical.
D^r^r^vTo^DONNElXrThe world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in 8. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. After all others fan
call on him. 1023H Market st. ;
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known* ladles' specialist.
7 has returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
' success; 15 years' practice in S. F.; maternity
home; low fees. 1007^ Market st.. near 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
practice: home In confinement; treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fldentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. GUYER. 44S Eddy St.. well known
and reliable; ladles' specialist: consult free;
home In confinement; hours 9 to S and 7 to S.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; home In confinement; eaxe and rell-
able; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scl-
•entlflc methods; treatment. $5.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China: dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium. TO4 Sacramento,cor.Kgiirny;advlce free.
Dr. James Pierce. 265 O'Farrell, rooms 2 and 3—
Female specialist; home or office treatment $3.
V S-DB WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists.
1118 Market 6t. : every case guaranteed; $5 up.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reason-
able. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
BIISCELI*A3iEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth*; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting;, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear St.
FOR sale — Oak roll top and flat top desks,
leather upholstered chairs, carpets, letter flies,
etc. ; new and good quality. Ad. box IS6O. Call.
YOUNG tame black bear cub, Just arrived from
Oregon; cheap. Apply at schooner Coquille,
at hay wharf, foot of Third st.
INCUBATOR: very nice; ever so cheap. 643
Geary st.
A FINE Stewart banjo for sale; cheap. 61S
Fillmore St., near Hayes.
ANOTHER No. 6 Remington and New Under-
wood-typewriter; bargain. L. & M. ALEX-
ANDER. 110 Montgomery st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny ef.. near Pine.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
FOR sale— Schooner about twelve tons; 4 years
old; cheap. J. HIATT. 783 Mission St.
BEAUTIFUL diamond sunburst for sale. Ad-
dress box 1523, Call office.
6HP. gasoline marine engine complete; almost
new; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516-513-S2O Mission.
LADY'S hat trunk for traveling, $12 50. Port-
land Lean Office. 25 Stockton st.
EDISON concert phonograph — Reduced price,
$75; concert records, $1 50. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers: lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof Bafe; cheap, vj Main st.
A FINE wult. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
WE rent full-drens and Tuxedo suits for $2 50.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
rheap. Typewriter Exchange, 4C3 California.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar proof enfe. 216 California st.
SAFES— Kew and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and <<eccnd-hand; all sizes. THR
WALTZ SAFE. 100-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
50 TO SCO old ducks, 100 Muscovle ducks, 100 old
rcost»rs; give price in San Francisco. 13
Walter st. .
WATER nipe, 3. 4. 6 Inches; in quantities to
suit. THOMPSON. 40 Main st.
WANTED— A light spring wagon; must be
cheap. SUSS. 1049 Howard st.
BIOXEY TO LOA.V.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and *d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get ray terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3 :
ANY propcsltion. any amount; 6 per cent: first,
eecond mortgages, estates In probat«^ interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans'; chattt-l
mortgages : life Insurance. Room 16. first
floor. Chronicle big., HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances en diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rate?. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO., 26 Montgomery.
LOANS made on furniture at U4 per cent; also
loans to salaried people. HARSHBARGKH,
322 Ellis Bt.. room Zt.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, dl-imonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; conndcntfaL
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny. ' rpom 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 99i.
ON furniture and pianos without removal ; quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
68 and €9. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low' rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
PRIVATE party will make loans to salaried
people; also on furniture and pianos; busi-
ness strictly confidential. Apply 40S Ellis, r. a.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HLL.L. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange, 431 Calif.
ANY sum, Ist or 2nd mortgages. . estates In pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. 603. Examiner building.
H. MURPHY, 630 Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., J2l Parrot big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRF.LL. 609 Examiner -building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
TO salaried men without collateral or indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
THE best thing of the season is a new style
Olympla Music Box, with double comb, for
,$3O; the tone Is as fine as any box ought to be
V double the price. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.,
7C9 Market st. ,
UNTIL July 1 you will get more than the value
of your money If you buy a piano, organ «>r
other musical Instruments of the MAU VAId
MTJSIC CO.. 7» Market st. /.
IF you want j low Installments on any musical
instrument." come to us; If you want to pay
cash: come just the same. MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. "£9 Market st. '¦'-. '
PIANOS at cost: owing to the dull season now
upon us we are accumulating a large stock of
rental pianos; these, together with. a. number
of. samples sent us from factory, will be
- closed out regardless of profit; a better op-
• portunlty has never been offered; terms very
llbecal. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 1« O'Far-
rell*at. ' -. .
A' FEW bargains In pianos of standard makes
still remain from our closing out sale. rang.
J Ing from $75 op; must be sold by ¦ July 1.
SPENCER'S.' UIS Market. st. v
MUSICAL ISSTRgMESTS.
AS we represent the best make of pianos In
every grade from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and a» our Installment pay-
ments are eas'er than those of other dealers
we are the people from whom you should
purchase: new upright pianos $6 cash. »8 per
month; other planca. &. U and Jo per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San FrancHco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S
26. 23 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and eattsxy tha
customer. _^ _
BAROAIXS— A few pianos will be sold this
we?k for storage; offers wanted (cash or In-
stallments). Wilson's Storage Co.. 1.10 Mrkt.
SELHNO. out regardless of cost— Entire- stock
of pianos; store to let: fixtures ¦ for sale.
JAMES KEnFFE. 1019 Van Ness aye.
LADY going to the country will sell a beau-
tiful upright piano cheap: $100. Room 10.
Flood building. _^__________
SOHMER & ft)., Byron Maury, Oabler, Hamil-
ton pianos. JOS Post st.. opp. Union square.
ON furniture pianos: 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. 'Wilson, rm. 101. 8 Eddy st.
GOOD Flsch-r; great bargain. SCHMITZ. W
McAllister «t.. next Hlbernia Bank.
W. G. BADOER. 411 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, xithers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Steinway l Cnlckerlng. J190; Installments
K> to $10; r»nt t2 Jip: HEINE'S. 138 Ellis St.
FINE tfrel! upright piano at a treat barg-ala.
STATHAM. 108 McAllister st.
REDUCTION sale- new pianos. *5 payments;
for rent. up. BRUENX. 208 Post st.
OFFICES AXD STORES — TO LET.
FINE store, with 3 living rooms. 38 Grov« St..
near Polk. ?v- -
FREE sarr.ples of Developer. Backus Studio. 11
Geary st. Etching Matte and Platinum, paper.
LARGE stires and sunny offices near Hall o«
¦ Justice. Court block. PABIX. 41J Kearny st.
PALMISTRT.
MME. Ncergaard. Pres. St. Gtvnaln College oC
Palmistry; reads 1 to 8. 618 Geary, nr. Jones.
PASTURAGE. "..,/
SOO TO COO acres green pasture, clover and wild
grasses mixed, for horses or cattle. For
ternm apply A. B. FTJLLEP.. Antioch. CiaL
PERSONALS.
LEDERER Is the popular hairdresser.
Lederer charges but 23c for the
Lederer fashionable hair styles.
Lederer sells El Perfec.to Veda Rouge 50c box.
Lederer's Qulntonica hair tonlo la S3c bottle.
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo Is only Bo package.
Lederer'a Halrdresslng Parlors. 123 Stockton.
SVITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
lng Co.. Examiner building, room 407.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
820 Market mt.. second floor, room 37.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. Ray, 357 Jessie st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to %1 SO per night; }1 50 to $3 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from th« ferry.
USE Lillie Webb's olive ell soap: 10c at drug-
gists; agents wanted. CADOGAS & Mc-
CLtTRE. 421 Market, r. 34; from 9 to 10 a. m.
AIIieORN House. 319 to 33 Grant aye.— Lead-
ing German- American hotel of San Francisco:
31 per day and up: finest meals In city. 25c.
AN elegant suit for 510 73 from Imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market st.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
WILL pay cash for old sealskins. Box 4319.
Call office. •
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Sllvertnan, 954 Folsom. tel. Folsom 1191.
ALFREDITMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color. |1; at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny st.
G. D. MORSE. photograFher. 2606 Pacific aye..
between Pierce and Scott: phono Stelner 3331.
PHOTOGRAPHIC StPriJES.
EXCHANGE? Lease or Rent— l6o acres land: «
miles from Calistoga: plenty of wood, water
and grass; 6 aerea improved: house 4 roo?ns
and outhouses: In exchange for city property.
Address J. 11. BROWN. 333 23th St.. 3. F.
FREE samples of D«»ve!oper. Backus Studio. 11
Geary st. Etching Matte and Platinum Paper.
WE loan kodaks free: photo supplies. Uackus
studio. 11 Geary ft., ground ami top floors.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. d C. O'DONNELL— Office and resldsace.
1821% Market St.. bet. Plxth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
$4000— BARGAIN and sacrifice; 2 Cats: first-
class improvements; rents $31; pays $ per cent
net; 25x57:«. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24 Mont-
gomery st.. room 3.
JS.COO— THE cheapest buy In town: will mora
than double the value inside of 10 years; to
close an estate will be sacrificed now: an ele-
gant Market-st. property, east of Valencia.
SSxl?4 to rear street. Apply R. McCOLGAN,
24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
JS7SO— THE best bargain In the city; cost $13,000;
4 flats, 2 stores; rents $05. SE. Stockton and
Greenwich. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24 Mont-
gomery. st.. room >._
$5300— MODERN 9-room house In choice location
en Waller St.. near Pierce, 1 block frora
Halght-st. cars; finished with marble steps,
frescoed ceilings. 3 wood mantels, hard-fin-
ished basement, etc. : terms one-fourth cash,
balance $50 monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
FOR SALE— Cottage a retrms; high basement:
sunny front: patent closet; city water; bar-
gair. 63 Serpentine place.
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices; plans and estimates furnished for all
boildlng work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pag»w. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per ye.tr.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
BARGAIN; 117 acres good land, portion growln«
sugar beets: fronts on main county road, ad-
joining town of Pleasanton. Alameda Co. :
must be sold; bank price $47 50 per acre;
might subdivide. H. H. CRANE. 503 CaL st.
CHOICE country villa; near Saa Bruno. Box
1553. Call office.
EIGHTY- acres level and partly drained tula
land near city; fine for speculation; cheap.
Addres3 H. box 1533. Call office.
FOR SALE — Good-paying Investment; country
hotel: rented at $50. For particulars apply as
southwest corner Eddy and Taylor »ts.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
ROSS~VALLEY— Few choice lots left: 50x150
feet. $300: San Rafael water; elegant view Mt.
Tamalpals: 5 minutes' walk from Kent sta..
10 minutes from Ross. Apply P. ROSS, Kent.
or C. H. STANYAN. 31 Market St.. a F.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEIvEEPIXG.
A— FOUR very desirable sunny corner rooms,
extra large, furnished for housekeeping; gas;
bath: $16. 3306 Seventeenth St.; Castro cars.
BRYANT. BIS — Two large unfurnished sunny
parlors and kitchen; rent $12.
BUSH. 1203—4 rooms for housekeeping: fur-
nished: for thre« or four months.
EDDY, 604— Pur.ny furnished housekeeptna
rooms with kitchen; gas stove: coal stove.
EDDY. 917— Very desirable housekeeping rooms,
furnished: no children; private residence.
EIGHTH. 10S— Sunny front room; kitchen;
range; hot and cold water; sunny porch and
stationary vrashtubs; 512.
ELEVENTH. 120—2 sunny furnished rooms;
stove and bath: modern coaveniences; $12.
ELLIS. 618—2 or 3 sunny front rooms: gas
stove: clcnets; other rooms: rerit moderate.
FOLSOM. 55S— Three unfurnished room* tot
housekeeping; hot and cold water: range.
FOLSOM. 1137—2 rooms furnished; light house*
keeping: cheap. ___^
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport)— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping: range; also single rooms.
HARRISON. 731— Three rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; Large yard; rent. $13.
HOWARD, CO— Front room and kitchen fur-
nishtd for bousekeeplns.
HOWARD, 948— X. 3 or 4 furnished rooms;
housekeeping; sunny; hot and cold water.
HOWARD. 10S1— 2 sunny completely furnished
| roams. $•: running water; also others.
LARKIN, So4— Large sunny front room, nicely
furnished. $8 50; large back housekeeping
rooms, $7 50; two for housekeeping;.
MARKET, 1538—2 sunny front connecting rms..
water, range. $12 50; also rooms. t4 to 115.
$10— TWO fura. hskrs. rooms. 4 Martha pU
off Geary. st.. between Mason and Taylor.
MCALLISTER. X&K. opp. City Hall— Larg<
¦unrry,, kitchen for housekeeping with bed
Jovnge; sunny bay-window rooms; small
rooms. $9 up.
MCALLISTER. S3l— Unfurnished upper part oJ
*»"••: a room. : bath: cv: no «S3ldr«s<STANISLAUS KIVER AT OAKDALE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Sailing Vessel's Fast Voyage.
HONOLULU, June 22.— A new record
from Newcastle to Honolulu; made. by. the
bark ship Marlon Chllcott, Is the talk of
the water front to-day, haylrigr set all the
masters in port to. looklngVup. old records
and comparing trips.' Captain "Weeclorr is
the master of the - vessel \ that made the
runV, getting:, to Honolulu ; ahead 'of. .the
mails - containing papers forwarded to ; his
consignees." :No one- was. looking •: for 'the
Chllcott for a couple -of ; weeks, or. more.
She made the trip in thirty.-four,days,one
day less than the best time ever made. -The
former record Lwas held by the : ship > Flor
ence, which is also in port here now. -The
Chllcott had good .wind behind her;all the
way. Her best day's * traveling- was 2«0
miles,- and the v poorest . she . did -on the
whole trip ; was* 117? miles. .Her time from
the eouator was eleln days. ->
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early ' morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to- time. The
second time <foiumn ; gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as fometlmea occurs. - The helxhts
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United Stater Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sicn (—) preceded the helarht.
and then ¦ the number given 1« subtracted from
the i depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun rises 4:50
Sun sets 7:"5
Moon rises *.....' 9;40 v. m.
SATURDAY, JUNE 30.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sao
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Of flee. IT. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
June 29. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p.. m., Greenwich time.
* C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. 8. N.. In charge.
Notice to Mariners.
PRESIDIO SHOAL. CAL.
Notice Is hereby , given that the first-class
can buoy, red and black horizontal stripes,
near the middle of Presidio Shoal, San Fran
clsco B%y, Cal., has been dragged from Its
moorings and gone adrift. It will be replaced
as soon as practicable.
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1900," page 20.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U. BEBREE,
Commander. 17. S. N., Inspector Twelfth Light
house ' District.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND' HOTEL.
Miss AHDou&berty.Cal R H Barnwell. Cal
C Nichols, Pescadero E J Roberts, Sta Barb
J G Maguire, Cal F J Saunders. Boston
Rev P Kearns. Spokane O Bulow, Redding
C W Tords. Neb M Greenbaum, N V
MrsTords, Neb F E Jenkins, US A
E S Pelllng. Phlla C J Rowan. USA
E B Seaman, Portland S P Greenstone, N V
Mrs Seaman, Portland Mrs Greenstone, N V
E W Cornell, Portland M Northcote, N Zealnd
Mrs Cornell. Portland F G Saffery. London
R W Skinner. Cal C Molxer. Pt Reyes
Mrs Skinner. C'al E Garoen, Chicago
C L Morrell, Redding E A Chllton. Ky
T E Taggart. Cal Dr L E Cross. Stkn
B F Sheppherd. Fresno 8 Marshall, Cal
C X Clark, Fresno F W Bunh, Napa
Mrs Clark. Fresno A J Laison. ¦ Lodl
H T Duff, lx~ Ang A L Burbank, Los Ang
J W Long, Lou Ang C Duncan, Cal
E X Norton, Pa J J Thompsan, Salinas
lira S Norton, Pa Mrs A E Wholes. L An*
C H Norton, Pa Mrs C White, Ogden /•
W O Pealer, Minn A Smith, Loh Ang
Mrs A Anderson, Cal P Welsh, Topeka
Miss H Butterfleld, Cal H Williams, Sacto
Mrs O IJ Radcllffe, Cal W H Wakefleld. Sacto
8 W Mayo. Boston Mrs Wakefleld. Sacto
Mrs A A Morey, S Cruz Mrs J C Wheeler, Cal
Miss Morey, S Cruz IW Wolff. Cal
J Campbell, Cal L C Lens. Hanford
R Bramwell. N Zealnd J Cormody, Dawson
D Dobbin. New Zealnd G A Lancaster,- Seattle
F N Adams, New Zlnd D H Lancaster, Seattle
Coi« >n and son, Paris A L Crocker, Seattle
5 H' Robinson, Texas
PALACE HOTEL. .
W A Burr>ee. Phlla. R ' Platt, London
F H Short, Fresno A C Wartegg, N T'
G Goodman Jr. Napa D J Napier, Ijondon
W H Hardln, Md H Feehan, U S N
Mrs Hardln. Md M Welker. Berkeley
J H Henry. s Jcs» B Joseph, Chlcaco
6 N Jacobl, ¦ Pa B Mllhalovich, Clnn ._
D B Chandler, N T Mrs Mllhalovich, Clnn
M H Bowman. Ohio Miss Mihalovich, Clnn
W Chlckering. Oakld A G Maglnnis. L Ang
D X Drake. NY WO Nevtn, L An«
W L Martin. NY F B Sutton, L An«f
Mr» B Goodman. Wash A G Wells, L X*if
C F Kutchmer, N T C- C Remelin, L Ang
J S Plant. N V X M Sundberz, Cal-
A M Phelw, N T .. Mrs Sundbers, Cal
Mr» Phelpa, N Y. ¦ . J J Byrne, L An* -
Dr H L Pace, Tulare n R Whitller. Tostcn
H W Keller, L An* Mrs Whljtler. Boston
V Vlzzettl. Kansas C Kosa KeVltch. Russia
F W Tupie, Chicago J J Crawford.' NY •
E T Erie. L Ang J. Phillips. Stockton
Mrs L H Holme, M V R B Burns. L An*
Mrs Tallman, NT G B Cash, L Anx
E Heldmaler. Chicago H H Brown Cal
J N Hellman. L -Ang Mrs Brown, tat
T C Powell R I ¦ Al va, Wilson, Denver
Mr» Powell. R I New Zealand
A McGregor, Chicago J Guthrie, N Zealand
T A Lewis, L Ang Mr and . Mrs Jellieve,
NEW WESTERN HOTEI^..
J J Thompson. >S JoselG Islaub. Australia
A Downs, -Alaska H H Greensldes, , Au«
A R Moulton, ' Alaska E Roberts & w.:Aus
T Hocan, Fresno CD Fot, Australia
F Gay, Oakdale " N Young, Australia
J W Ellis. M^dera • H N Fish. Australia \
R Shay, Sulsun - A Mat ton & f, Aus ¦
T H Downs. Stockton R OTobin, Oregon
W Sheahan. L'Anj: Mrs A B Morrison. Cal
W McKay. Chicaeo.. IMrs Hotchkiss. Chisag
R McDonald. Australia; H de V'Uhn* &. w Tex
J N Fisher, Australia W Fißher & iv,' Austin
M Fischer &w, Aus Mrs D Eccle», L.Ang
J Butler. Australia Miss'Eccles. L Ang
O Haisom. Australia C McKoen, L An« " ;
N Black. Australia - I E McKoen,. L An«
S McCully. Australia ! •
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
REAL ESTATE "TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to 'S.
Greenebaum, lot on N line of Pacific avenue,
50 W of Franklin street, W 55 by N 127:10V4;
Estate of Theodore L. Schell (by Georgiana
L. Bchell. executrix) to Homer S. King; lot
on NE corner of Broadway and Octavla street.
N 100 by E 45; also lot on E line of Octavia
street, 100 N of Broadway, N 25 by E 112:6;
$11,900. \
City and County of San Franclso to C. C, E.
C Lucy B. and May B. Burr, lot on N line of
Filbert street, 137:6 W of Flllmore, W 27:6 by
N 120- also lot on N line of Filbert street.244:4
W of Flllmore, W. 136:5, NE 122, E 124:8. S
'iienry" W. Goodall to Gustav C, F. Schwarz,
lot on W line of Stelner street, 110 S of Mc-
Allister. S 27:6 by W 105; $10.
GUitave C. F. Schwarz to Anna H. Schwarz,
S Kmelie Lyons "to Cherublno Franceschlnl. lot
on N line of Filbert street, 150 W of Steiner.
W 24:3 by N 137:6; $10.
Mlna Foerst to Bent O. Lee, lot on E line
of Scott street, 71 S of Halght. S 26:6 by E
68 Sarah" A. Morris to T. B. Draper, lot on E
line of Tremont avenue, 796 S of Frederick
street. S 29:6 by E 80; $10. _ - ..' _„
Belinda Feldman (wife of Johm O.) to Eliza
beth C. Gloistein (wife of August), lot on NW
fine of Folsom street. 112:6 SW of Twelfth, SW
25 by NW 87:6; $10. ,
Martin Prendergast to Mary Helen R. Brown,
lot rtn W line- of Harrison street, 150 N o(
Twenty-first." N2sby W 122:6; gift. _ _
Margaret Morgan Bell (widow) to Rosa M.
Bell lot on E line of Dehon street, 160 S of Six
teenth, S 25 by E 80; $10 .
Rosa M. Bell to Margaret Morgan Bell
(widow), life estate In same; $10.
Catherine Schele to Augusta Burr lot E line
Prescott street. 67:6 S of Vallejo. S 20 by E 6o;
* Same to Lizzie Howard, lot S line Vallejo
street, 137:6 W of Sansome, W 43:4 by. S 57:6;
St'ephano Arata to Joseph Cuneo. lot B line
Powell street. 9|:6 N of Vallejo. N 40 by N 68:9;
-Edw*rd and Dennis F. • Gilfeather to J. J.
Raver, undivided half lot N line Bernard street,
$1:6 -W of. Jones, W46by N 60; $10. 7.
Cora W r . and James H. Morton to Mary E.
Cooper, lot W line Thirty-fourth avenue, 125 N
of Point Lobos avenue, N 75 by W 120; $10. ' ;
Same to Nellie Hooker, lot ' W line Thirty
fourth avenue, 200 N of Point Lobos avenue, N
John Wynne to Mary A. Wynne, lot 826, Gift
Map No. 2: crift. ¦ *
Allnna Foerst to Emllie C. Fauss, lot NW
line Telegraph (or County) road, 81:6 N of
Niagara avenue, NW 316:6, NE 80, SE 303,
SW 81:6, lot 7, block 4.' West End Map No. 1; $5.
Simon O'Brien to Hannah O'Brien, lot B line
Columbia place, 125 N of Prospect place, E 80
by N 25, Preclta Valley, lot 202; gift. ¦
Frederick and Louise Schimmelpfennlng to
Frederick Schlmmelpfenning ¦' Jr., lot E ' line
Edinburgh street. 175 SE of Italy. S 60 by E 100,
lot 2 block 42; Excelsior homestead; gift.
Michael and Mary O'Doherty to Lulu B. Wil
son, lot N line of Islals street, 25 W.of Cotta,
N.lOO by W 25, lot 177,, Spring Valley Home
stead; $10. v
Henry and M. Louise Schememann (formerly
Relnfeld) to T. B. Draper, lot NE line
Maurltus (Twentieth) street, 200 NW of Osage
(1). NEIOO by NW 23, -block 359, South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Association;
$io.. - ¦•• ¦¦• - ¦
T. B." and Annie E. Draper to William Pardy,
same; $500. '^ . . . ¦¦ -• ¦
i Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Char
lotte A. Jones, lot 24, plat 4, Templar: Section
Oddj Fellows' Cemeter>'; KB5. ,_-.
Alameda County. •'
Wilhelmlna and ; A. Miles Taylor to Adeline
N. Belcher (widow),, lot on NW," corner of
Thlrty-flrat street and Telegraph avenue, . W
132:9, N 100, E 134.12. S 100, to beginning, block
1036, Rowland .Tract, subject to^deed of trust
for $3400/ Oakland; $10.' ¦ . v..;> •
State Savlngstßank, formerly Oakland- Loan
and ¦ Investment < Company » (corporation) to W.
F." Lloyd, lot on NE line of Kast Twenty-third
street at - the point where ¦ same Is • Intersected
by NW line of. lots 10, 11 and 12/ block ;C. La-
tham. terrace, thence :NE 110.84, »5E< 30, SW to
NE;llne of East Twenty-third street, N,to be
ginning, being, portion of lots 9. 10, 11 and 12,
block C, Latham terrace. Brooklyn Township;
$10. ¦', ¦- ¦ ¦ -¦':•: ••-, . - ; .
M. ahd Mary J. Van Ostrand to J. L. Doble,
lot on 8 line of Grant street. 150 W of Union,
W Mby .. S 100. •/ being-: lots 13 and" 14." block H.
new town of Lynn,- subject to a mortgage for.
$COO, East Oakland; $900. .• .
-¦ T.% K. Taylor to E. C. D. MeNulty, and J. L.
DobleJ lot 47, block F, Amended Map of Chrls
ttanla Tract, . Oakland Township; JlO. - ? ' . -
Frank S.'. Oliver to Charles R. Bishop, lot on
S line of Durant avenue, 60 E of Choate street,
'E.dO.hyS 90, being portion of lot; I. ' block 10,
College Homestead,-; Berkeley; $10.'--. :
'•' Slvert ¦ Peterson " (adminatrator « of the - eatate
of Johanna Peterson) to Charles 1..." Harder," lots
,12. to 16, block 60, Tract' B,- Berkeley. Land and
Town l Improvement Association, Berkeley;
$1300/- v >\Ki ¦ '¦>¦ '¦ - -- .' .
T. and Emma Hawley to ; Henry "A. :' Pielt
n«r lot ' on ;E. line of Basaett street, ;3?7:S N -of
Lloyd avenue,' N 37:6 by. E lOO,~ being- lot 21 and
tortion :of lot 20. block ' B, ' Fruitvale ; Station
Tr«ct,";BrooklynTownshlp;slo.: '. ;r.; r .
- Emma ' M.~« and • D. ~- Edward • Collins *to - Frank
H.» Brooks.;lot on NE comer of Todd and Ba-
ker streets, E 80 by N 132. block F, Amended
Map of J. W. Crawford Tract. Oakland; $10.
Frank H and Evallna'G. Brooks to William
T. Vahlberg. same, Oakland; $500. -
E.,8. and Stella M. Stone to J. H. Spring,
lot 11. block A, Map of Linda Park, Brooklyn
Township; $10. _-
Mary J. Weston (widow) to C. S. 1\ e?ton
(single) lots 12 and 14, block H, on Map of Re
subdivisLph Weston Tract, quitclaim seed, Oak
land; $1.
William Maguire to Jennie T. Sugrue lot
on NW line of Sixteenth avenue, 90 S\\ of
Eaßt Fifteenth street. SW 50 by NW 75. being
a portion of block 17. San Antonio, East Oak
land; sift.
F. F. Weston to Charles S. Weston, re-record
653 D 86. lot on N line of Addison street, 100
W of San Pablo avenue. W 42:6. N 100, E 100.
•thence to point of beginning. Berkeley; also
lot 50 by Ba, being same property described In
deed of M. A. McQuesten to George L. North,
dated August 20, ISSB. and recorded in 31S D
3*3; also lot 6. block O. Map of Lands of Peralta
Homestead Association: also lots 60 and 61,
Mitchell Tract Map 2; also same property de
scribed In deed of Peasley to Weston and re
corded In 493 D 249. Oakland: also lot 1. block 7,
Case Tract; Berkeley; also lots 8. » and 12 and
all Interest in lot 10. block F. lots 19, 17, 11.
5 and 3, block G. Map of Resubdlvislon Weston
Tract. Oakland; grant.
nHome Building Company (a corporation) to
Henry C. Garlock. the W 75 feet of lot 9. For
est Park Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Maria Hansen (widow) to Mathlas Jorgen
sen. lot on N line of Clement avenue. 202.9
W of Stanford street. W 36:8 by N 127:5, being
a l»ortlnn of lots 4 and 5, block 1, lands ad
jacent to Encinal. Alameda: $10.
Annie B. and W. T. Commary to E. A.
Harris, lot on S line of Geary (or Thirty-ninth)
street), 100 W of Telegraph avenue. W 50. S
122:6. E 60:1, N 125:5 to beginning, being lot 4,
block 2071. Map of Evoy Plat. Oakland; $10.
James Paine to Adelaide Paine, lots 23 and
24. block 32. Tract B. Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association. Berkeley; gift.
Virginia and W. H. Miller to George 'W.
Kelly lot en N line of Fairview street. DO E of
Calais, E 40 by N 135, being a portion of lot 9,
block E, Harmon. Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Charles W. and- Alice Schoemaker to D. F.
Oliver, lot on W line df Fruitvale avenue. 87^
N of Hopkins street. N 132 *l>y W 140. being
lots 22 and 23 and S 32 feet lot 24, block B,
Dlmond Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Annie Pomeroy (widow) to Mabel Pomeroy
(single), lot on S line of Kncln.il avenue, prior
to widening to-80 feet. 400 W of Walnut street.
W 50 by S 150, being lot IS in E half lot H,
lands adjacent to Enclnal. Alameda; $10.
John and Ada M. Hinket to Adelaide B. Soule
(wife of Frank), lot on E line of Hlllegass
avenue. 135.56 S of Dwight way, S 50 by E
159.48. being j lot 26, block B. Hlllegass Tract,
map 3, Berkeley; $100. j
H. C. Morris to Edward A. White, lot on SW
line of Cherry street. 675.38 SE of Jones. SW
153.46 by. SB 30. being a portion of Warner
Tract, Brooklyn Township; 110.
The Home Building Company to William C
Olen, lot; 21, Forest Park Tract, V Brooklyn
Township; $10. \.
F. E. Weston to C. S. Weston, lots 12 and
14. • block H, resubdl vision 'Weston Tract, Oak
land; grant, '.^wy «
E. A. and Agnes Harris to Moody A. Scott
(single), lot on S line of Geary or Thirty-ninth
street, 100 W of Telegraph avenue W 50 S
122:6, E 50:1. i,N 125:5. to beginning:, being lot 4,
Mock 2071, Map of the Evoy plat. Oakland: JlO.
Emily B. Hopkins (widow) to Alameda Water
Co. (a corporation), lot, on . S line of Ashby
avenue. 1643:6 W of College avenue, S 140 by W
50. • being lot - 33, block E, Clairmont Tract,
Judson Wheeler to same, a right of way -'o
maintain water pipe line over following: Begin
ning at a point 177 W from NE corner land!
of Wheeler where it Joins lands of Thomas in
S M- plat 84. thence S in a straight line through
lands of Wheeler to S line of Cedar streat
when extended, being IJW feet more or »ss:
Berkeley; Jl.
Albert and Mary A. Brown to James Eva es
tate (a corporation), lot on S line of Thirteenth
street, 125 .W •of Washington, W 30 by S 100
belns lot 12 and E 5 feet of lot 11. block 176,
Onklnnd; also all Interest to party wall agree
ment made by' E. R. Tutt and Albert Brown,
and recorder May 27, 189S, in 655 D. 375, Oak
land; ?10. ,
>Rtchard J. Montgomery to James A. dePoy,
undivided 1-5 Interest tn lot on NE corner of
Forty-third and .Grove streets. E 90 by-N 50.
Oakland: WO. • * . ' / .
Jennie E.- Jewell to Jane Jewell, lot on NW
line of ; Eighth - avenue. .50 S W ' of . East»Nine
teenth : street. S\V . 60 by NW 100, portion lots
13 to IS, block 106, Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
- Sarah -J. O'Brien to l F^ J. Cunha and M.
Henas. lof On E line of Thirteenth avenue. 100
SW • from : S corner of Thirteenth avenue and
East ' Fourteenth ttreet, SW 75. SE 90, NE 73,
NW 50, to beginning, being block 153. Clinton
Tract. East Oakland: $10. ¦ ¦ - , .
Harry and. Francis Miner (wife) to '-.William
T. NetT. lot on S line of Vinrlnia street, for
merly Folsom. 42.20 W of West. W 30 by S 100,
being the EM feet lot A-13, block 11, Curtis
Tract, quitclaim deed. -Berkeley; |1. •.;
¦ ¦ Benjamin and Elizabeth -B. Bangs to Geonse
H. Fitch, lot on E'line of HUlegras!" avenue, 31:1
8 of, Parker street; S 60 by E 159.44, being the
BrlO. feet of lot 53.' a1l of: lot; 54 and, N- 10 feet
lot .'6s; 'map" of Hlllegass property, Berkeley;
«1360.">-. - ¦ -.•:..-¦.•:-¦ --'.- ' .*>
,; J Home Building Co. -(a. corporation) to Henry
C. and-Allle A.'.Garlock. rerecord 735 D. 218. SE
60, feet lot IS and NW 2S feet lot 19, nwo of
Forests Park r Tract.- Brooklyn /Township;. $19.
'Erastusß.' and 'Alice C. Greenough to Rosina.
CampaisnaCwire of E.). lot on W line of Tenth
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDON.
Turner Estate Sued.
Frances J. Graham, as assignee of L. S.
Megginson, has sued the estate of the late
J. F. Turner to recover $60,354 34 on a
judgment rendered March 18, 1893.
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Flow of Rivers.
Following ts a statement of J the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are
from J. B. Llpplncott of the United States
Geological Survey:
Continued From Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
ARRIVED.
Friday. June 23.
Ptmr CoqniUe River. Thompson. 71 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 13 hours from
Mendocino.
Strnr State of California. Gage. 58 hours from
Stmr Newburg, Peterson, tt hours from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Zealandia, Dowdell. Bli8 l i days from Cape
Nome.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, 12 hours from Al
bion.
Br stmr Moana. Carey. 23 days from Sydney,
via Honolulu 7 dayi.
Ship Fort George. Morse, 23 days from Hono
lulu.
Br shiD M E Watson. Wilson, 17 day* from
Honolulu.
Kktn Tropic Elrd, Jackson. 26 days from
Tahiti.
Uktn Planter, McNeil. 21 days from Hono
lulu.
Sehr Olsa, Johnson, ' 13 days from Kahului.
CLEARED.
Friday. June 13.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle; GoodalL
Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jesaen. Victoria and
Puget Sound ports; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
stmr Uflana'.v, Storra. Nagasaki, via Hono
lulu; U S Government.
Stmr Conemaußh, Roberts, Nagasaki, Tia
Kibe; V S Government.
Aua stmr Siam, Higga, Cbemainus; Macon
drar & Co.
Ital bark Emanuele Accama, Amegllo.
Quecnstown; Half our. Guthrle & Cq.
tfohr Mary E Foster, Thompsen, Honolulu;
WtHiams, Dlrr.ond & Co.
SAILED.
Friday. June 23.
Etmr Glcsy, L«!and. Santa Crux.
Ftmr Eureka. Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson, Greenwood.
Stmr Wfllamette, Hansen. Seattle.
Aus itmr Siam, Hlgga. Chemainus.
Br «hlp Clan Buchanan. Kanklne. Queen*
town. 7
Schr Ocean Spray. Olsen. Iversens Landing.
Schr Nettie Sundborgr. Anderson. .
Schr Mary E Foster. Tbompsen, Honolulu.
RETURNED.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Friday. June S3.
Schr Nettl* Sundbor*." Anderson, from w»a.
on account of ¦putting 1 malnboora oS Point
POINT LOBOS. June 29. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 20 mlle«.
MEMORANDU-4.
Per stmr Zealandia. irom Cape Nome June 23
— Sailed June IS and put back; sailed again
June 20. Bark Hunter and schr Eclfpse lost
and crew picked up by stmrs Valencia and
Rainier. Etmr Rosecrans on shore at Cape
Ramoroff ; got off by tug Meteor. Stmrs. Ohio
and Sinta Ana, having smallpox on board,
were sent to Egg Island to be quarantined.
Savr ship Dashing Wave at Unimak. Jnne 23
passed four-masted schr loaded with lumber,
bound south. Had fine weather all the way
down.
MISCELLANEOUS.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VICTORIA. June 29— Stmr Princess Loui»«
returned, having struck an unchart-J rock be
tween Peter* Island and White Rock, and tore
oft part of Jreel.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 21— Ship Marion
Chllcott. from Newcastle. Aus. 3i days; bark
Wallace B Flint, from New York.
Arrived June 7— Bark Caroadelet. from New
castle, Aus.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 23— Bktn
Gardiner City, for San Francisco.
Arrived June 2S-— Schr "Laura Madsen. from
San Pedro. June 29— Schr Transit, hence June
19; schr Beulah. hence June 20! schr Chaa I:
Wilson, hence Jane 21.
COOS BAY— Arrived June 2»— Stmr ArcaU.
henc«» June 26.
SEATTLE— SaiIed June 23— Br ihlp Rhuddan
Castle, for Taeoma; schr Alice, for Cape Nome.
ASTORlA— Arrived June 29— Stmr George W
Elder, from Cape Nome.
Sailed June 2»-Br stmr Carlisle City, for
Hongkong.
Arrived June Zi— Stmr Columbia, hence Juae
27; stmr G W Elder, from Nome; schr Loula,
hence June 21.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed June 23— Stmr
Greenwood, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 23— Stmr Na
tional City, henc* June 23.
REDONDO— SaiIed June 20— Stmr Tlllamook.
for .
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In June 29— Ship
Spartan, hence June 17, for Seattle; ship Occi
dental, hence June 13. for Seattle.
Passed out June 23— Ship Wm J notch, from
Port Blakeley, for Philadelphia; schr Alice,
from Beattle. for Cape Nome.
CAPE NOME— In port June 20— Bark Cather
ine Sudden, bktn Jane A Falklnburr. achr
Carrie and Annie, schr Fisher Brothers. «chr
Nellie G Thurston, brig Pltcalrn. schr Louisa
D. schr Lady George, sehr Seven Sisters, itmr
Athenian, stmr Roanoke. stror Valencia, itmr
San Jose, stmr Alliance, stmr Senator, itmr
Oregon, stmr Aberdeen, stmr Signal, itmr
South Portland, stmr Rainier, itmr Olympla.
stmr Annie E Fly, stmr San Pedro, itmr Lu
ella, stmr G W Elder, stmr Argo. stmr Norn«
City, stmr Ukme, stmr Grace Dollav, itmr
Brunswick, stmr Humboldt. tu» Meteor, stmr
Taeoma, stmr Utopia, stmr Mary D Hume.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June t*-Stmr W H
Kruzer. from Eureka.
Baile<l June 29 — Schr Jennie Stella, for Gray*
Harbor. ~»
EUREKA— Arrived June 25— Stmr Orixaba,
hence Jans 27.
VENTURA— Arrived June 2S— Stmr Navarro,
from Bcwens Landing-.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GUAYlLVS— Arrived Juno 24— Schr Zampa,
from Grays Harbor.
UREENOCK— Arrived June 2S— Br bark la
verlochy. hence Keb 27.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived June IS-Bi
bark Stratlxion. to load for San Franclico.
Sailed May 13— Fr bark La Bruyere. for fan
Francisco: ship Wacbusett. for Kahulul. May
15— Shto John Kr.a, for San Francisco. May
17— Ital ship Eli?a, for Honolulu. May IJ-Br
ship Craigerne. for San Francisco. May 19—
Ship Marion Chllcott. May 21— Ship Yosemtte,
for Kahulul: Br ship Glencalrd. for San Fran
cisco. May 27 — Bark Empire, for Honolulu.
June 2 — Br bark Wooiahra. for Honolulu. Jun«
J-Br ship City of Hankow, for Honolulu: Br
ship Ctinbrian Hills, for San Francisco. Jun*
4— Bark General Falrchtld. for Honolulu. Jun*
6— Schr King- Cyrus, for Kahnlui.
In port June 6— Br ship Cape Wrath, for San
Francisco; Br ship Dechmont, for Honolulu: Fr
bark Ferval. for San Francisco: Br ship Flint
shire, for San Francisco: bark Holliswood, for
Honolulu: ship Invincible, for San Francisco;
Br ship James Kerr, for San Francisco; «htp
J B Brown, for Honolulu; Br e&ip Osbom. for
San Francisco; ship Republic, for ¦ Honolulu;
bark Sea Klnsr, for Honolulu; Br ship Spring
bank, for San Francisco: Nor bark Stjorn. for
Honolulu: Br bark Strathdorn. for San Frmn
clsco: schr W H Talbot. for Kahulul; schr Wro
Bowden. for Kahului.
Chartered to load— Bark Ably Palmer, fot
Honolulu: Br bark Adderley. for Honolulu; Fr
bark Amlral Troude. for San Francisco; schr
Benicia. for Kihei: Fr bark Brenn. for San
Francisco; Fr bark Chas Gounod, for San Fran
cisco: Br ship Clavardon. for Honolulu: «chr
Columbia, for Honolulu: Br bark Dominion,
for Honolulu: Br ship Drumburton. for Hono
lulu* Br ship Duchalbum. for San Francisco:
¦hip Euterpe, for Honolulu: Br ship Fannie
Kerr for San Francisco; ship Great Admiral,
for Honolulu; Fr bark Jacques, for San Fran
cisco; Fr bark La Fontaine, for San Francisco;
Fr bark L« Morlcierre. for San Francisco: Br
•hip Perseverance, for Honolulu; Br ship Port
Crawford, for San Francisco: ship Star of
France, for San Francisco; hktn Wrestler, for
Honolulu; Br ship Celtleburn. for San Fran
cteco: Fr bark Commandant Merchant, for Saa
Francisco; Br ship Crocodile, for San Fran
claco: Br ship Falls of Garry, for Honolulu: Br
thip Falkland, for San Dieiro; Nor bark Man
tasl. for Honolulu: bark Fresno, for Honolulu:
bktn Gleaner, for Honolulu: «chr Oolden Shore,
for Honolulu; Br bark Irwercore. for San Fran
clsco; Ur bark lurergarry. for San Francisco;
bark James NesmKL. for Honolulu; Br ship
Kistna, for San Francisco; bark Louisiana, for
Honolulu: Br bark Mary A Troop, for Hono
lulu; Lark Palmyra, for Honolulu: Nor bark
Prince Albert, for Honolulu; Nor bark Prtncw
Victor, for Honolulu; bark Snow tt Burxess,
for Honolulu: bktn Robert «Sndden, for Hono
lulu: bark Semtnol*. for Honolulu: Br ship
Bokoto. for San Francisco: ship Star of Rus
sia, for San Francisco; Br ship Thiatleh&nk.
for San Francisco.
VICTORIA — Arrived June 23 — U S itmr
Philadelphia. 9BMMMHHfI
OCEAN STEAMERS.
(jrEEXSTOWS- Arrived June. 23— Stmr Perm.
land, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
LONDON"— Arrived June 29-Stmr Montavld
ean. from Montreal.
BOVLOGNE- Sailed June 29— Stmr Belffravta.
from Hamburg, for New Tot*.-
NEW YORK— Arrived June 23-Stmr Phoeni
cia, from Hambunr.
Sailed June 25— Stmr Karamanla, for Mar
seilles, etc. I^MM >a Hp>MmwAMH^
KINSALE — Passed June 29 — Stmr Phila
delphia, from New York, for Urstpool.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed June »-Stmr Colum
bia, from Hamburg and Southampton, (or Hvm
YorJc-jaaiaa - •
Cabin Passengers Were Landed Dur
¦ ing the Day and the Vessel Will
Be Released To-Day and
Allowed to Dock.
v •
The Australian mail steamer Moana ar
rived from the colonies yesterday morn
ing and was placed in quarantine. The
plague is still prevalent at Sydney, N. S.
W., and the vessel did not bring a clean
bill of health from that port
The passengers from Auckland. N. Z..
and Apia, Samoa, Were allowed to land
soon after the steamer came in,. but the
cabin passengers from Sydney were held
until 5 p. m. in order to have their bag
gage fumigated. The steamer will be
rumigated and released this afternoon,
after which she will dock at Pacific-street
wharf.
The Moana brings a large list of pas
sengers and a lot of freight. Those who
came up Im the cabin were:
Miss V. Carey. G. S. Smith, I. Llneais, J.
Mooylies, S. \V. Hill, W. Wllllngman. Mr.
and Mrs. T. C. Pratt and two daughters. T.
W. Wise, C. de V. Poy, I. W. Butchur, E. E.
Plomer, Rev. Ryan, N. Gulllridsu, i. renu
cliffo, A. Thorp, A. Browne, Miss B. M. Lyons.
G. Franklin, K. G. Ross, Miss A. Cowan, Mr.
and Mrs. Danllng and child. F. C. Dunail,
Mrs. Wright and Infant, V. H. Muller, w.
Hosea, Mr. and Mrs. Tone Browne, C. E. G.
Crocker, T. O. Jones, Horrlson,.T. S. Worsay.
E. Hall, I. K. Canebridge, Miss Ceville, Miss
L. C Ceville, Miss Kelso. Miss Davis. *>. 1.
Napier. Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Boisco, T. Oak
den, Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Raclender and child,
Mr. and Mrs. 1. A. Ruddick. Miss Kuddlck.
E. Boothley, T. Boothley, 11. G. Stevenson, \ .
Coridon and son, Mrs. P. Nlccoll and son, C.
Rhodes, J w Dickin, Mrs. E. G. Fellicoe, . R.
Bramwell, Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Griffiths, T.
Devan. Mrs. T. Devan, Mr. and Mrs. G.
Elevtliffe, F. N. Noones, A. Nlnnmo. Mr. and
Mrs D. C. Trumbull and son, W. H. Argall.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Mercer, I. Campbell, Mr.
Dobbie, T. Platt. Baron yon Wastagg, Mrs.
H • Solmson and son. Lieutenant Commander
W. E. Sewell and Lord and Lady Francis
Hope. . • •?-.'-'..¦
Mr. and Mrs. Tone Browne are of tht
"Trip to Chinatown" company, which has
been touring Australia. Lady Francis
Hope Is known to all Americans as May
Yohe, the famous actress and beauty, who
married Lord Hope and retired from the
stage. Miss Carey is the daughter of Cap
tain Carey, the popular commander of the'
Moana. She will pay a visit of three
months to San Francisco. Baron yon
Wastage is the Consul General from
Switzerland and Australasia. He is on his
way homeland will spend a few days In
San Francisco.
On Hey, a Chinese, jumped overboard
from the steamer Berkeley on the 10:30
a. m. trip yesterday. A boat was lowered
and he was rescued: On the arrival of
the Berkeley at this side he was taken to
the Harbor Hospital and later was sent
to the City Hall for examination as to his
sanity.
The schooner Antelope that left here
early In May for Nome was spoken on
May 30 in latitude 53 north, longitude
163 34 west.
She was then about 130 miles from Una
mak Pass and making good weather of
it. -Captain Dowdell of the Zealandia
gave the captain of the Antelope his.
longitude and he reported all well aboard.
Mail. Steamer 'Moana From
. Australia Put in
Quarantine. .
Members of the Grand Jury will be
called upon to-da^y to Investigate the
charge against Asa H. King and "William
Hale to , the effect that they endeavored
to wrest $100 from Frank Multner, the
Richmond district real estate dealer, as
compensation for services rendered in
promising to return a wallet Multner ac
cidentally left In a small room In the
Flood building. King is well connected In
this city and Hale for several years paßt
has been either directly or indirectly con
nected with one or the other of the many
record searching firms of the city.
Multner made a sworn statement yester
day which will be submitted to the Grand
Jury for its consideration to-day. This
statement contains a complete history of
the loss of the wallet In question and the
subsequent deal with King and Hale that
may mean serious trouble for them; The
statement reads:
• SAN FRANCISCO. June 26. 1900.
To the Honorable Grand Jury. .San Francisco,
Cal.— Gentlemen: On the 13th of November,
1599. I lost a leather wallet with my name and
address written on the inside cover and'con
taining deeds, papers and letters, all of a per
sonal nature and only valuable to myself. The
wallet was left by me In one of the small rooms
In the Flood building. Two days later I in
serted an advertisement In the local papers ex
plaining my loss and offering a nominal reward
tor the return of the wallet. Four months
later, in March. 19C0, Asa H. King called at
my residence, 77 Ninth street, and wanted to
know whether or not I ¦ had lost any valuable
papers. 1 told Sir. King that I had and he
thereupon stated that he knew where they were
and upon payment by me of $100 he would
cause them to be returned to me. as there were
three of them In It, and the amount would have
to be divided. I told him that I had no money,
but would have some In a week or so. He then
said that he would calljit that time. He did
not keep his engagement, so I then called upon
William Hale and left word that I would like
t» see Mr. King. In the meantime I called on
the District Attorney and laid the case before
him and he referred me to the Chief of Police.
After stating my case to that gentleman he
detailed two detectives, Mr. Silvey and Mr.
£gan, and upon their advice I had Mr. King
call at my home while they were in an ad
joining room so that they might hear any con
versation that passed between Mr. King and
myself. Mr. King called and he bargained
with me that he wwuld have the wallet return
ed to me If I would meet him at the Occidental
Hotel the next day and bring ?50 with me for
its redemption. I then knocked on the door
and the detective* came In and took Mr. King
to the City Prison and questioned him as to
the whereabouts of the wallet. Mr. King would
not give them any information and they then
locked him up. He then told them that Wil
liam Hale had the wallet. Mr. Egan called
upon Mr. Hale, but he would not deliver up the
wallet until after I swore out a search war
rant, which I did the next day. Under the ad
vice of the Police Department I swore out a
warrant charging both Mr. Hale and Mr. King
with extortion, and they were tried before
Judge ¦ Cabanas and acquitted upon a techni
cality. This was all done upon the advice of
the Police Department. Since then Mr. King
sued me for 1299 for false Imprisonment and
obtained Judgment for that amount and costs.
The case was tried before Justice of the Peace
Cook. I present these facts for consideration
by your honorable Jury, as I wish to have
Justice done me. Respectfully submttted. -
FRANK MULTNER.
Though a judgment was rendered
against Multner in the Justices Gpurt, he
will probably seek to have It reversed on
appeal. In the meantime he will urive hla
attention to the prosecution of ,the*»men
who found his wallet. »B?s&§i
Frank Multner Makes a Sworn State
• ment ¦to Effect That They En
deavored to Extort Money
' From. Him. y
Asa H. King and William
Hale Charged With a
Grave Offense.
GRAND JURY TO
HEAR STORY OF
A LOST WALLET
street.' 140 N of Charming way, N 40 by. W 130.
being the E 3 feet of lot 12 and M 12 feet of
lot 13. block 122, corrected map Raymond Tract,
Berkeley; JlO. \
' California Realty Company (corporation) to
Guiseppe Bonelli. lot - 63. Map of Elmhurst
Park. Brooklyn Township: $I*>.
Charles W. Debenham to William P., Mar
garet and Charlotte A. Williams, lot 23. Forest
Park Tract. Brooklyn Township;, JIG.
J. P. and Annie N. Johnson. William G.
Henshaw. and as attorney, and Hetty T. Hen
shaw, by attorney, to State Savingrs Bank, lot
on SE line of Peralta avenue. 439.23 NE from
NE line of old county road, \a 70*. NE 35 by
SB 125. being lot 4S. map of Fruitvale Glen.
Brooklyn Township: $100. -¦•*.•- .
Mountain View Cemetery Association to >\ il
liam P. Higsinbothan and James Fresno, lot
17 in plat 2T. Mountain "View Cemetery, Oak
land Township; $C>33.
Builders' Contracts.
Crocker Estate Company (owners) with Rich
ard Kice (contractor), architects Tharp &
Holme^-riumblng. marble and mosaic work,
gas nttinp and repairing for buimlng known as
GoMen Gate Blqok on S line of Post street. 113
E of drant avenue. E '-'«2 b>' B !-:«: * 2 i*"-,,
P. X. Wood & Co. (owners) with Jlollrr &
I^es (contractors), architects Copelanrl &
Pierce— Alterations and additions to a two-st<>jy
brick building on N line of Market street. .IS
Market, running through to Geary; ?oSS*. - •
Frank Maskey (owner) with James t. Fen
nell (contractor), architects Havens & Toepke—
Excavating, brick, artificial stone and concrete
work for two-story attic and basement Cra.ai't
residence on S line of Bush street. :'3 E of
Leaven worth. E 23 by S 137:6; $1671
Same (owner) with Walker Eros. Company
(contractors), architects same — Carpenter and
mill work, tinning, glazing, stairs, electric
belts and hardware for same on same; JST24.
Same (owner) with W. F. Wilson (contractor),
architects same— Plumbins. sewering, gas Gt
tlns and tillnc for same on same; $163T..
Claus Spreckels «<Jwner) with Pacific Rolling
Mill Company, a corporation, (contractors),
architects P.efd Bros.— Steel and Iron work In
connection with western wall of five-story and
basement building on S line of Market street,
between Third and Fourth, adjoining Claus
Spreckels building; J3575.
Dr. Hartland Law (owner) with Charles M.
Depew (contractor), architect Fred H. Meyer-
Alterations and additions to make a three-story
frame building on S line of Ellis street, 110 E
of Jones, E 27:6 by S 137:6; $3675.
James D. Phelan (owner) with Andrew Mc-
Elroy (contractor), architect William Curlett—
All alterations and additions to a one-story
building on Market street, near Sixth, running
tn rough to' Stevertson: .15636.
Thomas Hancock (owner) with J. T. Lnren
zen (contractor), architects SalQeld & Kohlbersr
— AH work for a two-story frame builrtint, on E
line of Devlsadero street, 75 S of Oak, o 50 by
E 106:3; $5550.
THE SAN FBANCISCO GAXL, SATURDAY^ JUNE 30, 1900.
TO SAIT*
Shipping Intelligence.
TUOLUMNB RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
13
FROM SEA AND SHORE
1 Second Feet.
DATE. . 1
' 1899. WCO.
r ___
June 17 5170 5380
June 18 5170 5330
June 19.... '. 4365 S3BO
June 20 .... " 4365 5170
June 21 49«S 6170
June 22 4965 6030
June 23 j 4963 5590
1 Second Feet.
I 1539. 1300.
June 17 3500 IS3S
June 15 3623 1365
June 19 3260 1365
June 20 2560 1540
June 21 2023 1540
June 22....: 1925 1365
June 23 J 1325 1353
DATE.
Second Ft. 1
1 Mn'pCo. Turlcck Tot'l
1599 j 1900 Canal. Canal. 1303
June 17
June 18
June 19
June 20
June 21
June 22
June 23
1
. 7034 24 10 1 3564
. 6769 24 -10 43C4
. 6439 ..«.. 24 -10 4529
1 8763 24 10 4923
. 5494 21 W 5219
. 4099 21 I 10 4844
. 3534 24 | 10 3364
1 Second
Feet.
DATE.
— — I-
1599.
1900.
June 17
June IS
June 19
June 20
June 21
June 22
June 23
7300
7040
6260
6000
4870
4490
. 4110 I
3320
4490
4570
J323
5096
4570
4300
I Second Feet.
DATE. !
t ! *
1599. j 1900.
June IT
June IS
June 19
June 20
June 21
June 22
June 23
«S3O 3SCO
6570 4175
8320 4370
«370 4175
:¦¦<¦» 5«30
4773 5625
4J70 £190
0 iTlme ITime " Tlme| ITlmel
S, Ft. I Ft. 1 Ft. I 1 Ft.
.<? IH W It. W HWI JL Wl
» ... oioi 5.6 7:00 0.4 2:12 5.11 7:04 ».l
!0 ... 0:57 *.l 7:57 0.0 2:51 5.1 8:00 3.8
1 ... IMS 4.7 8:10 0.« S:W 5.1 »:01 :.9
2 ... i:SS 4.2 8:41 1.0 4:02 5.2 WtOs 2.*
2 ... S:3l 3.7 »9:15 1.5 4:37 5.1 11:04 -J. 3
4 ... 4:33 3.5 9:55 2.0 . 5:11 5.1 11:57 1.9
5 ... 5:5S 3.3 10:35 2.4 5:48| 5.2
Steamer. I From. , I Due.
From.
I Due.
Bonita ..(Newport ......iJuna 38
Orizaba iHurnboldt. .....I June 3ft
Robt. AdamsonlXanalmo ."...(July 1
Arcata Coos Bay.. July l
Acapulco New Y0rk....? July 1
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound July 1
North. F0rk..... Humboldt... July 1
Santa R05a..... San Uiseo. . . . .- July 2
Matteawan ..... Tacoma July 2
Wellington. (C0mer5....... July 3
Eureka" ;... [Humboldt July 3
W. H. Kruger-jSan Pedro July J
Columbia Portland July 4
Coos Bay Newport July ?
Warfleld Oyster Harbor July 4
Zealand!* Cape Some. July 4
Tellus Oyster Harbor July 4
Del Norte Portland .„ ....July 4
Crescent City.:. Crescent City.. . July S
Corona San Dieso ' July «
UmatUla Victoria & Puset Sound July »
Point Arena Mendocino July •
Steamer. | Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
Corcna !?aa D>g0..... June 30. ltamjpierll
CUr PwblalVic & Pjjt Sd. Jun» »». 11 aralPtrr 9
Doric [China fcJapanl June 30, 1 pmjPMSS
Kmplre Cocs Bay June 30. 12 m Pter 13
Bonlta [Newport July 2. 9am Pier D
Pt. Arena. . (Point Arena.. 'July 2. 2pm Pier 2
Stit» of Cal Portland July 2. 11 am Pier 2t
Orizaba Humboldt July I. 2pm Pier 9
Kewburg ..Grays Harbor'.fuly ?, 5 pm
CoqullJe R.. [Grays llarboriJuly 2, 3 pm! .:
W. KrUKi>r.|THlamn«li (July 3. 3 pmjpier t
Arrata Coca Hay IJuly 3. 12 m Pier 13
Santa Reset. San-i)1e«:o IJuly 4. 11 amtPier 11
North Fork Humbolctt July «. 9am[Pler 3
DifKa ....{Humboldt July 4. 2pm[Plerl3
Walla Wal.jVio & Pjrt SJ. July 5. 11 amiPler J
Portland ...iCape Xome July 5. 2 pmf
Nome Clty.|i*apa Nome July 5, 13 ami
Serapls ....(Hamburg July « |Pler 7
Del Nort?.. (Portland July 6 1
Coos Bay... iXewuort IJuly 6. 9 ami Pier 2S
Steamer. I From. , I Due.
From.
I Due.
Bonita ..(Newport ......iJuna 38
Orizaba iHurnboldt. .....I June 3ft
Robt. AdamsonlXanalmo ."...(July 1
Arcata Coos Bay.. July l
Acapulco New Y0rk....? July 1
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound July 1
North. F0rk..... Humboldt... July 1
Santa R05a..... San Uiseo. . . . .- July 2
Matteawan ..... Tacoma July 2
Wellington. (C0mer5....... July 3
Eureka" ;... [Humboldt July 3
W. H. Kruger-jSan Pedro July J
0 iTlme ITime " Tlme| ITlmel
S, Ft. I Ft. 1 Ft. I 1 Ft.
.<? IH W It. W HWI JL Wl
» ... oioi 5.6 7:00 0.4 2:12 5.11 7:04 ».l
!0 ... 0:57 *.l 7:57 0.0 2:51 5.1 8:00 3.8
1 ... IMS 4.7 8:10 0.« S:W 5.1 »:01 :.9
2 ... i:SS 4.2 8:41 1.0 4:02 5.2 WtOs 2.*
2 ... S:3l 3.7 »9:15 1.5 4:37 5.1 11:04 -J. 3
4 ... 4:33 3.5 9:55 2.0 . 5:11 5.1 11:57 1.9
5 ... 5:5S 3.3 10:35 2.4 5:48| 5.2
1 Second Feet.
DATE. . 1
' 1899. WCO.
r ___
June 17 5170 5380
June 18 5170 5330
June 19.... '. 4365 S3BO
June 20 .... " 4365 5170
June 21 49«S 6170
June 22 4965 6030
June 23 j 4963 5590
1 Second Feet.
I 1539. 1300.
June 17 3500 IS3S
June 15 3623 1365
June 19 3260 1365
June 20 2560 1540
June 21 2023 1540
June 22....: 1925 1365
June 23 J 1325 1353
DATE.
Second Ft. 1
1 Mn'pCo. Turlcck Tot'l
1599 j 1900 Canal. Canal. 1303
June 17
June 18
June 19
June 20
June 21
June 22
June 23
1
. 7034 24 10 1 3564
. 6769 24 -10 43C4
. 6439 ..«.. 24 -10 4529
1 8763 24 10 4923
. 5494 21 W 5219
. 4099 21 I 10 4844
. 3534 24 | 10 3364
1 Second
Feet.
DATE.
— — I-
1599.
1900.
June 17
June IS
June 19
June 20
June 21
June 22
June 23
7300
7040
6260
6000
4870
4490
. 4110 I
3320
4490
4570
J323
5096
4570
4300
Steamer. | Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
Corcna !?aa D>g0..... June 30. ltamjpierll
CUr PwblalVic & Pjjt Sd. Jun» »». 11 aralPtrr 9
Doric [China fcJapanl June 30, 1 pmjPMSS
Kmplre Cocs Bay June 30. 12 m Pter 13
Bonlta [Newport July 2. 9am Pier D
Pt. Arena. . (Point Arena.. 'July 2. 2pm Pier 2
Stit» of Cal Portland July 2. 11 am Pier 2t
Orizaba Humboldt July I. 2pm Pier 9
Kewburg ..Grays Harbor'.fuly ?, 5 pm
CoqullJe R.. [Grays llarboriJuly 2, 3 pm! .:
W. KrUKi>r.|THlamn«li (July 3. 3 pmjpier t
Arrata Coca Hay IJuly 3. 12 m Pier 13
Santa Reset. San-i)1e«:o IJuly 4. 11 amtPier 11
North Fork Humbolctt July «. 9am[Pler 3
DifKa ....{Humboldt July 4. 2pm[Plerl3
Walla Wal.jVio & Pjrt SJ. July 5. 11 amiPler J
Portland ...iCape Xome July 5. 2 pmf
Nome Clty.|i*apa Nome July 5, 13 ami
Serapls ....(Hamburg July « |Pler 7
Del Nort?.. (Portland July 6 1
Coos Bay... iXewuort IJuly 6. 9 ami Pier 2S
Columbia Portland July 4
Coos Bay Newport July ?
Warfleld Oyster Harbor July 4
Zealand!* Cape Some. July 4
Tellus Oyster Harbor July 4
Del Norte Portland .„ ....July 4
Crescent City.:. Crescent City.. . July S
Corona San Dieso ' July «
UmatUla Victoria & Puset Sound July »
Point Arena Mendocino July •
I Second Feet.
DATE. !
t ! *
1599. j 1900.
June IT
June IS
June 19
June 20
June 21
June 22
June 23
«S3O 3SCO
6570 4175
8320 4370
«370 4175
:¦¦<¦» 5«30
4773 5625
4J70 £190
LEG 4L ADVERTISEMENTS, y-
l-XtfKNSIOX cf Proturt— Captain \V RICH^
PT. master >A the German steamer SeruDls
J. B. %V.». Ti-lli extend his protest en
ESPAT. July «. j«frt, ,t, t jo Q - C}ock fc m
nt the nffir* of the Imperial German Consul-
«te at this city (Zli Sarramento rtreft). Pan
i Odd Felted Cemetery Association,
j *AN FRANCISCO. CAL.
' IF DECEASED IWAS A- MEMBER OF ANT
i ORG A NIZATIOX / bavin* a presiding officer
i an 4 secretary the /charge for. cremation, a cop-
per receptacle for I the ash#s and nrcan- service*
!s $30. Th# mmeitnr nnnbtn of the family. •
i GEORGE 11. F USTCHEit, Superintendent.
OAKLAND FI'KXITURE FOR SATE.
/.:%' '.rtroductlon to you from 11. Schellhao* 'tht
inrrnuiy. .ie»tl»r. llth and Franklin. Oakland. |
OAKLAXD HEAL KSTATE.
5-iat-nNE »-roosn modern home with lot «Jx
? J* t: f ™'t tre*", garden, etc.; .-twt worK
ell <Jnae; high mrcina and nice location; in
Kfcst Oakland; bandy to train and cars
GKO. W. AUSTIN. & CO
Reel Estate Brokers
100S nroadn«
17 and 23 Fifth «t. Tel." South 1«7.
rUNEBftZ. DIRECTOKS AND EMBALXSRS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate ' Rates. "
UNITED .UNDERTAKERS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
(Eucces»crs to Flannagan A Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth «t., opposite Lincoln School.
<¦ Telephone Pout h SO. .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
TOR SALE.
A new modern house of 7 rooms and bath,
attic, basement, etc.; up to flate In every re-
wpeci; no expense spared; built for own occu-
pation; owner going East; special attention
rrii-en to jilumbinr; situate on large lot; J
blocks of coll««re: grand view.
Apply to O. Q. MAY & CO.*.
Berkeley Station.
r: '•- A MODERN up to date residence of 7
rooms, attic, basement, eto. ; large corner lot,
«0xl00; street work 4gne; 2 blocks cf college;
owner colnff tart.
Apply to O. O. MAY & CO.,
Herke'ey.
CHEAPEST and be* t in America— The V».><?kly
Call, If rages, sent to any address in the
Cnltfd States or (Canada one year for tl.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
I V ir.W HI 1 l.lt« A.MJ SCI'I'LIKS.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS-We
tell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. J3. The Trpewriter
Exchange. 538 California, telephone Main 2W.
STOItACiE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth ar.d Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC (storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2?^o Fillmore sV; phone Jackson 281.
HEKINS Van and Storage Co.. T22 Mission St..
tel. Main 3549 — Packing, moving and storage.
EWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
.ALL kinds bo-i?ht. sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing a' lowest rstes. 205 Fourth «>t.
.ALL kir.'j* boupht. nold and repairing ruaran-
teed. Char. Planibeck. mz Mission, nr. loth.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
Bl^D tenants ejected for 14: collections made;
Aity or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
)}<).. <;.'; Montr f >iTiT>- rt.. roomy 9-lfi; tel. Ss)>o.
ROOMS WA.VTED.
i'ANTE!^-.Small storeroom and 1 or 4 living
room*. Jinx 1557. Cal!.
MASON. • 12A— Board and rooms, $3 50 a week
up: home cooking.
XAS TALMAS. ISO Market st.-Puite of 2 or 3
rm«.: private: bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
THE BRADBURY.IW4 California— New modern
family hotel: excellent table: 100 beautifully
furnished room?: moderate; phone Hyde 277 L
V WEXTT-PIXTIIi S37t! near Mission— Nicely
furnished tunny rooms, with or without
beard, at very reasonable prices.
ROO3IS AXD BOARD.
CALIFORNIA. SOT— An excellent opportunity to
•ecure particularly desirable accom. at mod-
e*t rates; special rates families: sunny rms.,
en suite or eingle; best table ;n San Francisco.
HOTEL SUTHERLAND. 751 Sutter-Cholcest
location: flr»ly furnished ; superior table; ele-
vator: tingle rooms, with board. J3O up; suits
in proportion.
DIED.
Bau*r, Louise M. Jones, William A.
ISrown. Alexander B. McHenry, Ellen
Brown. Carl S. Madsen. John '
Carter. G. W. T. Magill. Capt. A. E.
Christenson. Lizzie Maguire, Klizabeth
Collette. John S. O'Neill. Mrs. Annie
<"onne!ly. Mr?. Annie Ritchie. Margaret J.
Driscoll. James F. fachs. F. G.
Golden. Jame«rF. Frhulhofer. Lulu
(iunnison. C. Robert Thomas. William H.
Hlm-k. Henry J. White. Winfleld
Holsworth. Mary • Whltthorne, LcraH.
Johnson. Peter A. Young. Susie
BAUER— In this city, June 2S, 1900, Louise.
Mary, wife of Philip Bauer, dearly beloved
mother of Pearl Bauer, daughter of Walter
am Mary Woolr.otigh. and sister of Florence
Woolaough. a native of Australia, aged 2S
yeartt (Melbourne, Australia, papers pleasr
copy.)
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
full'- invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday*, at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 31A Clara street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
BROWN— In this city. June 27. 1900, Alexander
• Baxter, beloved husband of Sarah J. Brown,
a native of Providence. R. 1., aged 66 years
and 7 months. (Rhode Island papers please
copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 151S J .nrkin street, near Clay,- thence
to St. Mary* Cathedral, corner Van Xeo*
avenue ar.d O'Farrell street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, June 29. 1900, Cart Stock,
beloved husband of Ellen Brown, a native of
Sweden, aged 63 years.
CARTER— In this city. June 28. 1900. at St.
Luke's Hospital. G. W. T. . Carter, beloved
. husband of Ellen Carter, and father of Mary
J. Carter, Mrs. Thomas Hosie and the late
Alexander and Charles Carter, a riative of
New York, aged 64 years 8 months and 16
dais.
CTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, at Byron, Contra
Costa County.
CHRISTEXSON- In this city. June 29. 1900.
Lizzie, dearly beloved wife of A. F. Christen-
son, a native of Finland, aged 36 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Sunday), at 1 o'rlock. from the parlors of
Craig & Cochran Company. 52-56 Mint ave-
nue. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
COLLETTE-In Oakland, June 29. 1900. John
S. Collette, a. native of New York, aged 28
y-ars. C. E. graduate of Princeton Univer-
sity, class of '97.
C-"7 Funeral this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock,
from Albert Brown's parlors. Oakland.
CONNELLY— In this city. June 2S, 1900, Mrs.
Annie Connelly, wife of the late Frank Con-
nelly, and mother of Mrs. Annie Schreck and
Rina Connelly, a native of Ireland, aged 60
years.
• CTFriends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 514 Minna streetn, thence to St.
Patrick's Cnurch for services at 2 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DRISCOLL— In this city. June 28. 1900. James
F., deariy beloved husband of Mary Driscoll.
and father of Juliette F., Mary and William
J. Drtfcoll, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 62 years and 7 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
'Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 25 Dorland street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
«oul. commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GOLDEN— In this city, June 23, 1900, James F.,
dearly beloved son of Patrick and Mamie
Golden, brother of Reta Golden, and nephew
of Kate McCarthy and Hugh and Delia Gold-
en, a native or San Jose, Cal., aged S years
2 montr-g and 4 days -
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at S o'clock, from the- residence
»vf his parents, 649 Point Lobos avenue. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦ - •
GI'NNISON-In this city, June 26, 190", C.Rob-
MARRIED.
WEIGELE— FARMAR— In this city. June 16.
l'*v>, at Pt. Brigld's Church, by the Rev.
Father McAuliffe, Charles W. Welgele and
Miriam M. Farmar. \
UOOMS TO Lin— Kuro. and Unfnrn.
A^BT.UNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms
{Se to SI per night. Jl 15 to $5 rM" week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A __»OST. S3J — Larpe furnished room;' running
T«.t*r: bath; private family.
J UNETT, 1426 Market st. <old No. :SG4)— Flir-
..shd rnif.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
liDY. 473 — Flnple iTDm, newly furnished;
bright and sunny; cheap. f
HIXIS. SIS-New!y furnished rooms for gftnU '.
or rents and wives seeking permanent loca-
tion.
ruLSOM. 965. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nirh^d sunny rooms, single or suites; reasonbl.
FOURTH. S22'i— Nioelr furnished rooms; Jl
week and t!i^ moderate: quiet.
rRANKI.IN, 6 r j3-Sunny parlor; breakfast an*
dir.r.er; home cooking: bath; $30 fr>r two.
GEART. 405 (The Nnvarre)— Elegantly furnished
roon:t; euites or single; travelers acco' dated.
GEARY, K6— Elegant runny parlrn; piano;
r>tber canny rooms; privilege light housekeep-
ing: fhore.
GKARY. W— Elegant newly furnished sunny
rxfflis, X and up; gentlemen only.
CT?A.M) SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
ar.d Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
firple. ledic*' rsrior; reading room; elevator.
HOTEL Francisco— El^rs nt suites ; Eingle; tran-
eictit; baths. MRS. KINO. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, M6— Bunriy fr«nt bay window rooms-
also others; $1 to $2 we-k. ¦^¦y--'-- ¦".¦- .;
HOWARD. $^9. cor. sth— Nicely furn'ehed sunny
r';"!iis reasor.atle: by 'lay, week or month.
MINNA. C6T. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
« l,2 Jou.- room, $1 per »*ek: transient.
iJI??TON. $73, corner Fifth— Large eunny suite;
1 17 SO ~ ¦•' -¦ " «
Nir.V Aiiirctnn.~]iciT Market-Nicely furnished
fKir*-: S5«? a day up; 52 a week up; transient.
OFARKHLL. I>-Sunr.y furnished rooms and
offices, .-Itvatir; electric light*; day, wk.. mo.
I 'ST. "Si~ Bohemia : finest sunny rooms in city
for families and gentlemen; eH conveniences,;
Tefrr-'r.cts ircn\ the best people In city.
rnv."!:LL, 121— Light, clean rrr.s. ; suites or sin-
r>; trnnrlont; running tvater: rates reduced.
'"iHOSEDALE HmiEf\3:?and 321 Ellis Ft.— RoemT
1 nicht. Ssc to |1; week. Jl £» to »4; open nisht.
ROYAL, HOUSE. 126 ElTis «.— lncandescent
, light; reading renm. smoking room and ladles'
• i-jiricr; n«mr. |*t night. 3jc to $1 6ft; week. U
to P>; month t« to O; etevatdr on ofn>e floor:
' room? with but and cold wat«-;r; baths.
FHERMAS Apartment House. JS ~E!ghtli et7.
n*ar Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
PIXTH. 13«-Furnished front and back parlors ;
«ult&h!» for doctor's office or dressmaker.
r. I'TTER. SlR— Xire. runny single rooms for gen-
t'.emeTi for {2 5* per week up; also «i suite.
THE OAKS. US Third— A good rooming house
people. R. HL'-GHES, proprietor.
'•CLAFf-'IFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at C*ll branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A iBAXCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptkina has been established at 1096 Vi-
lencjast.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
' Birth, marriae* and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
tndorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
BRL'CKNER-In this rity, to the wife of Philip
Uruckner, a daughter.
WINTERROWD— In thi? dtr. June 29. 1900. to
the vife of <i. W. yVint«»rrnwd. a son.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
Th» following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Rk-hard Davis, 65, Elmhurst, and May Rob-
ert*. €2, Elmhurst.
Matthew J. Gorham, 27. 569 Minna street, and
Annie Davane-y, 27. 2CS Minna street.
K.iy Huffman, 21. 110 Hyde street, and Ber-
tha Morrow. li>, 110 Hyde street.
Alfred B Christensen, 27. HA Geary street,
and Joeeph'.ne E. Davis. 24. 14A Geary street.
Niels Sorrnsen. 35. city, and Margaret Hus-
sey. 30. city.
•DIVIDEND notice— San Francisco Savings
Union. 5*2 California St., corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the 30th' of June.
1900, a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of three and six-tenths (3 6-10) per
cent on term deposits and three (3) plr cent
en ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after MONDAY. July 2. 1900.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— The German Savings and
Loan Society. 526 California st.— For the half
year ending with June 30. 1900, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
half (3'i) per cent per annum on all deposits.'
free of taxes, payable on and after MONDAY.
July J. 1900. GEO. TOURNY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 106 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market Et.. on and after MON-
DAY, July 2. 1900. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, June 26, 1900. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco, 33 Po«t st. For the half
year ending June 30. 1800. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three (3) per cent
per annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Monday, July 2, 1900. .
I GEORGE A. STORY, Cashier.
TWENTT-THIKt 1 , s:t<. nr. Dolores — Four
room*: nice, neat, corar'ete: 115.
CLAPPIFIED advert isemer/.s and subscriptions
received ct Call branch off.cc, 2200 Flllmore Et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
Irr.cla st.
TVPSUPTBi Ot, between Mission and Howard—
ITou's <cf?pir.K rooms; stove.
Ht'MBOLDT Ravines and Loan Society, IS
• Gea'y St.— The directors have declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 3.60 per cent
per annum on term and 3 per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposltF. payable on and
after July 2. I*3o. ERNEST BRAND, Sec.
FTIVENSON 642. between Seventh ancl Eighth.
\~l fu-ri*iied hoi-sekeoplng roouis; bath; e«:i-
trtl.
»->-IIK "'"si— Housekeeping rooms In suites; gas
"nr.ge. runsin* water. laundry: *13 60 and $20.
p^jUv *JJ 7 -'IjarsrP sunny unfurnished house-
kk * Pr il!± : _ c i: -£i Ifrlf!^- 11^
ro\VElX~l«!i!— 2 <=r 2 lanre sunny connecting
houseiu-e^'-c romny^ kitchen, gas and bath.
SIXTH USA— < connecting rooms with piano;
furrif hed' Tor '¦¦¦oufukeeping; also other rooms.
OFFICE cf the Hibernla-Savings and Loan So-
ciety, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
ft*.. San Francisco, June 27, ]500.— At a reg-
ular meeting of the Board of Directors of this
Porlety, held this day. a dividend has. been
declared at tr.e rate of three and one-elxhth
<3'i) per cent per annum on all deposits for
the six months ending June 30. 19C0. free from
»'.! taxes, and payable on and after July 1.
P.OCEUT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
SAVINGS and Loan Society. 101 Montgomery
et.. corner of Gutter— The Board of Directors
declared a dividend for the term ending Juna
30. ISOO. at the rate of three and one-quarter
<3>i) per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes, and payable on and after July 2,
1900. Dividends not called for are added to
>nd bear the same rate of dividend as the
principal from and after July 1. • 1900.
CYRUS W. CARMANT. Cashier.
OTAIUIELJ. iS3— l-nrurnlFhcd rooms; lower or
upper ft.^ir of hou:=»; veqrjteaMgP*Me;^»«Utt.
O FARRGLU 7«-2 to « n Jcel >: ., rur "i sh *^
1: usekpl:^ rm<=.; ccmp\?tr; cas, tea: phcnp.
ONE sunny front room, double bed: rent $1 2S
P^r v . ...... ArP'V at *" OP i"* orc . &6= Mission
ft., tet. \fi end _2l_^'-,
jijVE corn..-r Hyde— lxiwer floor Of 3
iarpe unfttrsicbed s=unr.y room?: ranse; fink:
yard; JlO. _i_J
I FINn sunny front rooms with two beds; pas
and bath. Aii>!y ZZ Ol'arrell tt.
MISSION. 1273-Frcnt room with aJ^ove con-
r.r-.-Unc room Icr kitchen; furnished; coal
run:
MIVNA MP— Larsre front room, furnlshad com-
plete /or housekeeping; rest J2 \veek.__
noons ron housekeeping.
McALLISTER.~K3, ccr. Laguna-Two nicely
furnished run.-.v co-meeting rooms: running
water; gas stove; for light housekeeping.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
WIM.TASI «"*ORBIX,
THE -Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion, corner of California and Sansome sts.,
for the half year ending June 30. 1900, has de-
clarea a dividend of C per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits; 6 per cent on term de-
posits; io per ce«t to Class "F" stock, and 12
per cetit to Cliss "A."
CAPT. OLIVER ELDRIDGE. President.
Secretary.
S. L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
DIVIPEND Notice— Security Savings Bank, 222
Mont&OTnrry Ft.. Mills building. For the half
>v»arcn<lirg June 30. 1900. dividends on term de-
pr>stts at 'he rate of ll:ree and cist-tenths (3 G-10)
per rent iier annum and on ordinary deposits
at the ra;e cf three (3) per cent per annum,
free oi taxes, will be payalie on and after
July 2. 1900. »
ert,. beloved husband of Bertha ' Giinnison. a
native of Norway, aged 6S-yearB 9 months and
10 days. Hjl§iipi JMlltlflffritfW^r™ l P !>H ™*'
Friends and acquaintances are ; respect-
fully Invited "to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Odd Fellows'
building., corner Seventh and Market streets,
under the auspices of California Lodge No. 1,
I. O. O. F, Cremation Odd •. Fellows' Ceme-
tery. Remains at the funeral parlors of Bun-
ker & Lunt. 266S Mission street. Mission Ma-
HINCK-Ih this city, June 2S. 1900f Henry J..
beloved husband of Lena Hinck, father of
Annie M., Mamie and George A. Hinck. and
brother of Mrs. , Rowe, a native of Germany,
aged J8 years. ;- ~
IC7"Friend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic lem-
ple, under the auspices of Crockett Lodge
No. 139. F. and A. M. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
HOLSWORTH— "In this city. June 26. 1900,
Mary, beloved wife of John H. , Holsworth,
and dearly devoted mother of Rose,
Lottie. Edward. John. Percy and Harry Hols-
worth and Mrs. James Murasky, a natire or
Enjland.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Sunday). at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. SB5l Seventeenth street, thence to. the
.Church of the Advent. Eleventh street, near
Market, where the funeral sen-Ices will be
held at 2 o'clock. Interment. Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, June 27, 1900, Peter
A., beloved husband of Hadvl Johnson, father
of Walter and Freda Johnson, and brother-in-
law of Charles Petersen, a native of Sweden,
aged 52 years 7 months and 16 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White. . 122 Eddy street.
Funeral under the auspices of Burns Lodge
No. 68, A. O. V. W. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Please omit Mowers.
JONES— In this city. June 23, 1900. William A.,
beloved son of Mrs. J. W. Jones, and brother
of Annie 0., Harry and J. Watktns Jones, a
native of San Francisco, aged 26 years 10
months and 28 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at -2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
McirKNRY— In Los Gatos, June 29, 1900, Ellen
McHenry. beloved mother of Mamie, George,.
Ella and Jennie McHenry, a native of Dub-
lin. Ireland, aged 62 years and 2 months.
{?'"Notice of funeral hereafter.
MADSEN— In this city, June », 1900, John
Madsen, a native of Norway, aged 37 years.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fnneral to-morrow
(Sunday), from the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler. 636 Washington street. * Services at
2 o'clock, under the auspices of Bald Eagle
Tribe No. 75. Improved O. R. M., and Court
Eclipse No. 14, Foresters of America, In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ¦
MAGILL— In this citf. June 27. 1900. Captain A.
E. Maclll. beloved^ father of Arthur E. and
Percy W. Magill. and brother of R. H.and
H. M. Magill, a member of George H. Thomas
Pest No. 2, G. A. R., and Loyal Legion No.
11, K. T., of Oakland, a native of Hamilton,
Canada, aged 57 years and 7 months.
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral cervices
th T e day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence. 706 Thirteenth street. Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
MAGTJIRE— In this city. June 28, 1900, Eliza-
beth, beloved mother of Mary Magulr>, a na-
tive of County Louth, Ireland.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), it 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 516 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 1:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery-
O'NEILL— In this city, June 29, 1900. Mrs. Annie
O'Neill, wife of Hugh O'Neill, and beloved
mother of Mathew T.. John P. and the late
James W. and Alfred F. Kerr. a native of
Ireland. • : ¦-..
tTT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral will take^place
hereafter from her late residence, 638 Chest-
nut street, near Taylor. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
RITCHIE-In this city, June 29, 1900, Margaret
J.. beloved wife of the late Milton Ritchie
of Napa, Cal.. and mother of James C.
Ritchie, a native of Tennessee, aged 67 years
1 month and 10 days.
SACHS— In Oakland, June 29. 1900. at his resi-
dence, $03 Wood street, F. G. Sachs, beloved
husband of Freda Sachs, and father of Mrs.
F. S. Kordt and Mrs. K. Schwartze, a native
of Oerman>. aged 47 years.
TCHULHOFER —In this city, June 2?, 1900,
.Lulu, beloved wife of Max Schulhofer. mother
of Edwin J. Schulhofer, | beloved daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Blummenthal. and sister
of Freda and Charles Blummenthal, a native
of Chicago. 111., aged 29 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintance* are respeet-
fullv Invited to attend the furfural to-morrow
(Sunday), «t 10 o'clock, from 822 Ellis street,
thence by funeral train at 11:15 o'clock from
Third and Townsend streets. Interment Sa-
lem Cemetery.
THOMAS— In this city, June 29, 1900. William
H. Thomas, beloved son of Mrs. Ellen Brlrps,
and beloved brother of Mrs. Charles Mathews
and Robert -J. Thomas, a native of San Fran-
cisco. ase<l 2S years.
KTFriends "an<l acquaintances are respect-
' fully invite<l io attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock sharp, from the chapel
of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
2479 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst. Inter-
meht Holy ~Cro*s "Cemetery.
WHITE— Ip this city. June 28, 1900, Wlnfleld
White, youngapt and dearly beloved son of
Clement N. and Alice R. Carrasco, a native
of San Francisco, aged 2 years 2 months and
11 days.
WHITTHORXE— In this city, June 29, 1900,
Lora H., beloved wife of W. R. Whltthorne,
a native of Wisconsin, aged 34 years and 7
months.
YOUNG— In this city, June 29, 1900. Susie, be-
loved wife of Casper Young, mother of Frank
and the late Harry Hohenschlld. sister of
Mrs. William Stockflett and Htnry and Jen-
nie Fanjoy. and daughter of Mrs. William H.
Day, a native of St. John, New Brunswick.Mammoth Entertainment Witnessed by
a Vast Throng, While as Many More
Are Unable to Gain Admission-.
Chief Sullivan Thanks the Public
and the Theatrical Folk-Fund Will
Reach Fifteen Thousand Dollars.
THOUSANDS IN GRAND OPERA
HOUSE AT SWEENEY BENEFIT
Four Insolvents.
.;. Petitions in , insolvency were filed yester
day. In the United States' District Court ; as
follows: :;,-' John ¦:- Edward sChapmarv ¦ San
; Francisco. '¦'.¦¦ liabilities '$663 20," no ,' assets*
George i E. LeonarQ.v laborer." Sacramento'
liabilities $380 50, assets $102; F.-Glovanettf
farmer, OrovllleMlabillties:J3463 41/t assets
*«.v/.- : -- : V: •_ : ?v.; ' ¦>_¦<:"'¦•.¦¦¦•¦ ¦* ¦- ¦ .;¦
; The San > Francisco . Matzo Company,. re
cently ¦ adjudges,! an 'involuntary insolvent'
filed, its schedule, showing' s3B63 23 liabili
ties'and ;?1635 assets. ;'!,:'
FORMAL OPENING OF
NEW MATERNITY HOME
The Ellsworths' Gift to tho Found
ling Asylum and Lying-in
f f Hospital.
The maternity department of the San
Francisco Lying-in Hospital and Found
ling, Asylum was formally opened yester
day . afternoon. This new department of
the institution is- located on Point Lobes
avenue, between'Twenty-nlnth and Thir
tieth avenues, and is the gift of Mr. and
Mrs J. W. Ellsworth: It is a modern
structure and has been furnished in splerjf
dld style by the board of 'directors. /
•It is" intended that a bultdlns be erecteVJ
adjacent' to the maternity home -which -w'ii
be occupied by the foundling asylum. ' .
Yesterday afternoon the board of dij*ct
ors and attending physicians of thrinsti
tution were", present.. Inspected thfe home
and spent a social hour. s
rThe board of directors ortj^^iome is as
follows: Charles L. Pa ttoTn, president; 'J.
,\V. Ellsworth, secretary/ Rev. Horatio
Stebblns, I>. D.r L. H. j Bonestell. John
Perry Jr.. L. S. Sherman/ George T. Haw
ley. George : S. Montgomery ,- p. f. Bost
wick; William E.-vLutz aihd George Leon
ard.- ._ • • ' ' - }
The!, following- pbjV.da k3k 3 win be In at-
Where They -Will Labor.
The four, sergeants on the retired^ list
who were ordered back to duty.at the last
meeting of- the Police Commissioners-will
report ' Monday. Chief Sullivan will assign
them- as follows: . Cassius P. Wright. will
take charge of the north end station, vice
:Sereeant- Shields," retired; Joseph Melody
.wlll.be placed as desk sergeant in the City
Prison, and^ Policeman Shaw, : who * has
heen : doing double ' duty at the prison . as
commissary,and acting desk sergeant, will
be relieved, of the latter, duty; : .William
Price will -be patrol sergeant in the Mis
sion district 'in place of Sergeant ; Perrin"
ori ! the sick .list ; • Edgar R. • Harper will be
patrol; sergrant ; ln the north end' district
to ¦ fill : the .vacancy caused by . the ¦ assign
ment of Sergeant Mahoney to Chinatown
Death of Elizabeth Z. Sinton.
The" death of Mrs. Elizabeth Zabrlsklo
Slnton, whose funeral took place from the
Walker residence, 1915 Pacific avenue, yes
terday, afternoon, has closed the records
of one of California's pioneer families.
Mrs. Sinton came to California with, her
father. Colonel James Zabriskie, in 1851.
Colonel Sinton came West the same year
and met Miss Zabriskie at Sacramento
shortly after his arrival. Their marriage
followed and Colonel Sinton settled down
with -his bride in San Francisco. He
opened the first bank in the State, but
later entered the service of the Govern
ment. At the time of his death he was
engaged In the real estate business. .
Ashe Fire a Mystery.
The fire that destroyed the country
home of Senator R. Porter Ashe at his
stock ranch at Beltalne, near Glen Ellen.
Sonoma County, on Wednesday night will
be Investigated. At present there .is a
mystery about It. Senator Ashe was In
the house on "Wednesday afternoon and
locked the doors at about 4 o'clock, when
he left for the train for this city. At that
time everything was right. A plumber
had been at work in the building during
the day, but he- went away some time be
fore the departure of Senator Ashe. The
fire broke out about midnight. There were
several men about the ranch employed
by Senator Ashe, but they were unable
to save the property. In addition to a
valuable collection of pictures of race
horses and medals won by the Ashe horses
there | was valuable silverware In the
house. The exact loss is not known.
Hotel Man Dies Suddenly.
W. ,H. Preston, proprietor of the 'Na
tional Hotel at.Colusa. died suddenly at
the residence of Bernard McHugh. 27T Jes-™
sle street, yesterday afternoon. Preston,
had been drmklng considerable of late and
came to this city about two weeks ago
for the purpose of resting. Yesterday ait
ernoon he became mania pbysictan was
called, but before the doctor could arriv»
the man had expired. The body waa t^keu ;
to the "Morgue and Preston's friends in-
Colusa were notified.
Lord • Francis Hope, brother of the
present Earl of Hop«toun. and his wife,
who was formerly May Yohe. the Amer
ican burlesque actress, arrived from Aus
tralia on the steamer Moana yesterday
and aTe at the Palace Hotel. They are
making a tour of the world for plesure.
Coming here from Sydney, an infected
port, they were detained on board the
steamer all: day until their -baggage had
been fumigated and it was so late when
they reached the hotel that they decline**
to be Interviewed, pleading fatigue.
It <¦ was currently reported a few
months ago that Lord Hope had been in
duced by his relatives to leave his beau
tiful wife in order that she might be de»
prlved of the right to share his prospec
live title of Duke of Newcastle, but there
seems to have been nothing in the rumor.
Fellow passengers of the couple say that
they were as attentive to each other as
brlae and groom.
They proved to be the pleasantest of
traveling companions, entering into the
amusements aooard ship during the long
voyage with great zest and making it
pleasant for every one. Lord Hope made
a speech at an entertainment during the
last evening at sea In which he praised
the American people.
When Lady Hope was May "iohe she
was one of the best known actresses on
the ¦ American stage. Her mother was a
dressmaker, and her> birthplace Bethle
hem, Pa. She exhibited talent at an early
age. and friends sent her to Europe that
she might cultivate her voice and learn
to speak foreign languages. She learned
the languages, but did not pay much at
tention to cultivating her. voice, satisfied
that being the possessor of three or four
remarkably rich low notes - she could
make a sensation. She was right, for
from the time of her debut In the Temple
Theater, Philadelphia, which has since
been burned; she became a favorite. In
1887 she made a tremendous success in
David Henderson's Chicago Opera-house
as Prince Pretty wltz in "Crystal Slipper."
Afterward she appeared in "Natural Gas"
and "U and I." -..-.. .
— A few years ago she appeared for a.
short engagement in this city, at which
time T. H. Williams, the horseman, was
one of her ardent admirers. About that
time her marriage was reported, but sub
sequently denied.'.. -
Lord Hope met his wife in London,
where she became a great favorite in
comic opera, and a short time afterward
their engagement was announced, in Au
gust. 1593. They were married in Novem
ber, 1894. Lord Hope bears the title of
Lord only by courtesy. The family is on©
of. the oldest and most respected in Eng
land. •• - ¦-?
Despite the Current Rumors of Their
Estrangement They Appear to
Be Happy— Touring the
World.
She Was the Well-Known
Burlesque Actress, .
May Yohe.
LORD HOPE AND
HIS AMERICAN
WIFE ARE HERE
Green Bros, and Shell Fish.
Green Bros., the well known proprietors
of the Columbia Cafe, 15 Powell street,
will open to-night a new Shell Fish De
partment as an adjunct. to the cafe. It
Is without doubt the- finest of the kind
in San Francisco.
Public and private dining rooms. First
class, quick service. Positively no con
nection with the adjoining- saloon.
tendance at the home: Dr. Lucia M. Lane.
£»¦„ #k£ W - Smlle >" consultants— Dr
nr a-. ,' ( lbbon , STS T. Jr - Dr - c - yon Hoffman,
Dr. William Watt Kerr and Dr. D W.
Montgomery. ¦;• "* /
Thomas Nelson, ; a schoolboy, 10 years
of age, was dragged out of bed at his
parents' residence, 2734 Howard street, by
, Policemen E. Koblnson and A. Bchmldt
Thursday night and taken to the Seven
teenth-street station against his mother's
protest. She declared that If anything
was wrong she would be responsible for
his appearance in court, but the police
would not listen to her. The boy was
placed on the detinue book at the station
and later was taken to the City Prison,
where he was placed in "the tanks." Yes
terday morning a charge of burglary was
booked against him, but he was almost
immediately released on $300 bonds* ac
cepted by Judge Mogan. His sureties were
his mother and John D. Whaley of the
Parrott building. •
William Herbing, contractor and builder,
2710 Folsom street, complained to Corporal
Heggerty at the Seventeenth-street sta
tion Thursday that the basement of his
house had been entered and a number of
brass door hinges and other articles of
the value of $50 had been stolen. Hegger
ty detailed Robinson and Schmidt. on the
case and they found that a boy answering
Nelson's description had sold some hinges
to Thomas H. Wagstaff. proprietor of the
Mission Brass Works/375 Sanchez street.
They called upon Wagstaff and he said
that the, boy had given his proper name
and address and explained his possession
of the hinges by the fact that his father
owned a hardware store. Then followed
the boy's arrest and he was identified by
Wagstaff. • • ¦ ¦ . ¦-. . . ..-,
Mrs. Nelson went to the station and re
newed her offer* to give bonds for the
boy's appearance, as she and her husband
owned* the place where . they lived and
other property.but she says she was curt
ly Hold that she might be .arrested for
compounding a felony. She: went to her
friend, John D.'Whaley, but wbx>n they
got to the station they -were- told that
the boy had been sent to the City Prison.
They went there, but in accordance with
the rule that no information be given
about prisoners in "tho tanks" they were
informed that no such person was there.
They hired a hack and drove to some of
the outside stations, making Inquiry for
the boy and gave up their quest about 2
o'clock yesterday morning.
The boy did not deny that he sold the
hinges to Wagstaff, but said he got them
from another boy. 18 years of age, on the
promise that if he cold them he would
get .enough money to buy firecrackers for
the Fourth. He gave the boy's name to
the police, buC no effort was made to ar
rest him. Mrs. Nelson and her husband,
who is nearly 80 years of age, are indig
nant at the way their son has been treat
ed. They intend to have the case inves
tigated.
He Is Accused of Stealing Brass
Hing-es to Buy Firecrackers and
Is Finally Charged With
. Burglary.
Thomas Nelson, a Schoolboy,
Subjected to Harsh
/ ¦ , x r63.tlH6Hi.
DRAGGED OUT OF
BED AND LOCKED
IN "THE TANKS"
CHIEF THANKS
THE PUBLICS
f-i|— jHB; following letters., signed
by Chief ; Sullivan \bt the. Fire
Department, 1 testify the appre
ciation and gratitude .of the
members of the department and of
Mrs.. Sweeney for the generous re
sponse to . the appeal on behalf of
the widow and children of the dead
hero. The first letter, is addressed
to those who contributed their ser
vices for the benefit, and reads:
SAN FRANCISCO,
June 23. 1900.
To the Theatrical Managers and
Talent— Ladles- and Gentlemen:
On behalf of the family' of our
lost comrade, John E. Sweeney,
the Fire Department and myself
beg leave to express appreciation ¦."
| of your kindness and noble gen
erosity in helping to swell the
fund for the care of this. little'
. family. Permit me to . say that
during my experience In matters
of this. character your profession
has never been appealed to but -
: they have responded with a gen
erous heart. .
Again. thanking you and wish
ing you every success for the
future, I am yours very respect- "
fully, D. T. SULLIVAN, ¦
¦ Chief Engineer Fire Dep't.
The second letter is more general
in character, but i.ie purport is the
same. It reads:
SAN FRANCISCO,
Juno 23, 19C0.
To the Editor of The Call— iV
Dear Sir: Will you kindly,
through the columns of The
Call, express to the Press Theat
. rieal Managers, talent and the
public of San Francisco the sin
cere thanks of the widow and
{children' of the late John E.
Sweeney, the Fire Department
and myself for the noble re- .
sponse they have made to our ap
peal to them for charity cm be
half of the bereaved family of
our heroic comrade?
I assure you that you have no
conception of our to
these gentlemen and the public
for their kindness and gener
osity to this poor fatherless
family.
Each and every fireman of our
department feels that his efforts
to save the lives and property of
our citizens is appreciated by
the public, and they know from
within their hearts that they will
be justified in taking a desperate
chance if it be necessary to save
human life in the discharge of
their duty, and should their own
"be lost In the attempt, that their
wives and children will not be al
lowed to want for the neces
saries and comfprts of life. Very
gratefully yours,
D. T. SULLIVAN, -
Chief Engineer *Flre Dep't.
unreserved tickets. were obliged to stand*
during the entire performance, and many
more were unable to obtain admission at
all. But all endured the necessary incon
venience with the utmost good nature, foi
the cause Was a noble one, and an, Ameri
can audience is the last one in the world
to insist upon its legal rights In a case of
this kind.
The curtain rose upon a rfcw-fashloned
minstrel show. In a semicircle nearest
the audience were seated the gentlemen
of ' the Tivoli chorus, arrayed in yachting
costume; behind them were the ladies of
the Tivoli chorus, looking much prettier
in their modest, tasty dresses than ever
they did in spangles and tights. The Im
posing figure of Kdwin Stevens, dressed
as the Marquis Imari, occupied the seat
of the interlocutor. On one end was Fer
ris Hartman, arrayed in -•creamy white
Chinese dress and Mr. Goldle in Tuxedo
and black inexpressibles. On the other
end 'was Mr. Cushman, characterized by
wonderful plum-r- \wed trousers, a high
bridge nose and f««.£ Hat as a plank; sup
porting him was Mr. Gilbert, who was
evidently Intended for Solomon L«evl of
Easy street. Kachel did not "come out"
in. response to Mr.' Cashman's Impas
sioned serenade, but that was not on ac
count of the quality of the serenade
(which was good), but rather, I think, be
cause she feared she would be struck
blind if she allowed herself to gaze upon
those plum-colored trousers in the -.rull
glare of the calcium. Ferris Hartman
sustained most of the excellent'fooling in
the sallies between interlocutor and ends;
his topical song, "A Little Bit Off the
Top," made a hit, as usual. Messrs.'Gil
bert and Goldle showed In their specialty
an: unusual excellence: of method;;. their
directness,' clearness and emphasis ' could
not- be Improved upon for the knock-a-
Joke-into-your-head style of dialogue at
which they aim. Mr. Morrison recited
"My Uncle" with good emphasis, but
with some pronunciations entirely his
own; thus, mcc for my, rot for. wrought,
curtin for curtain. Miss Marble gave two
of her Inimitable little songs parodying
the half-grown girl. Miss Etta Butler pro
vided the most artistic treat of the after
noon in her imitations of-Fougere, Olga
Nethersole, Mrs. Fiske and Edna May;
her imitation of Anna Held might well be
dropped from her repertoireifor two rea
sons — first. Anna Held has no art. but
only Impudence; second, the very- thought
of a woman drunk is disgusting and the
representation of it is worse. • Henry Mil
ler, though announced, did not appear,
much to the regret of many in the audi
ence.
The programme comprised many more
items than those enumerated, but lack of
space has forbidden mention of any but
the most interesting. •
' L. DU PONT SYLE.
FTJND GEOWSLARGER.
There Will Be Approximately Fifteen
Thousand Dollars for Sweeney
Family.
The exact, amount taken- in at the box
office of the Grand Opera-house for the
Sweeney ; fund Is given out by the man
agers of the big benefit aa L $3339. It la
estimated, however, that when air returns
have been made by those given tickets to
dispose, of, .the » total receipts from tho
benefit .will approximate $7000.-
Subscriptions received, by Chief Sullivan
yesterday were: Miss; Etta 8., $4; Na
than Dohrmann& Co.,< $25; Mutual Elec
tric Light Co.. $25: Boeseh Lamp Co., $20:
J. D. Sullivan. $20; J. F. Beck, $1; em
ployes -public; pound, S3; proceeds Cineo
graph Theater benefit, $30 80: Engine
Company 16, $10; a friend, 50 cents: Olym
pic Club, $50; Edward P. Delger, $25; pre
viously ¦ .acknowledged, . $3823 10; ¦ total.
$4042 40.' ' ' ; -
Other subscriptions." received yesterday
were: > William L. Cahn, $10; George M.
Axtelt. $5; other sources,' $282 05.- This
brings tho grand total ¦ subscribed, ex
clusive of the proceeds of , the benefit en
tertainment." but Including amounts pre
viously acknowledged, up to $7333.
•was one which will long.be remembered
and which will occupy a niche in the his
tory of the charitable deeds of the people
of San. Francisco.
More than 10,000 tickets were sold, and,
as was stated in these columns a few,
days ago, the seats for the benefit per
formance were disposed of In ¦ less ¦ than
an hour and a half. Those who were un
able to exchange . their tickets for . re
served seat coupons were contented to
stand in line for hours for the . oppor
tunity of gaining admittance, while hun
dreds of others, seeing the uselessness of
their quest, either turned back or re
mained away altogether. -^ v.t ' .- *
Police Do Good Work.
At 10 o'clock In the morning a long line
extending from the entrance of the thea
ter to Fourth street was formed, and the
police, under Captain Spillane, were kept
busy answering questions and -keeping
the eager ones in check. The curtain was
scheduled to rise at. 1:30 p. m., and an
hour before that time the' theater was
comfortably filled. Owing to. the excellent
work of Captain Spillane and his squad
of eighty-five policemen there was little
crowding and no accidehts. When the
gallery door was opened. at noon the po
lice allowed 500 people to ascend. the stair
way in bunches of five, and when that
high place .was. filled _np more were al
lowed to go up. Police officers, under
their respective sergeants,, were stationed
at the various landings to prevent acci
dents. Two Bcore of ttremen, dressed in
their neat • uniforms, ' were stationed ., in
every, part of the theater, and acted .as
ushers. They were under- the supervis
ion of Second Assistant Chief Shaugh
nessy,: and gave excellent assistance to
the regular ushers of the theater. . ,
When the coupon-holders .were seated
the other ticket-holders - were • permitted
to enter and line themselves against -the
walls and in the aisles ' of the first and
second floors. ' ' I ..'1.;.,
Chief Sullivan, Assistant , Chief Dough
erty. Setwnd Assistant- Chief Shaugh
nessy. District Engineer Fernandez md
other heads of the department -occupied
a box to the left of the stage. Ever alive
to their duty these ilre-flghters were
called-away for a short time to save prop
erty at the Olympic Club. A "tapper" In
a room adjoining the stage, watched over
by Operatives Chris F. Ward and Thomas
Muldowney. rang out box 371 twice, and
the fire laddies had to leave. They took
their departure so quietly that few in the
audience knew there was a . fire In * • the
city. In 'an adjoining box« was pretty
Edna Wallace Hopper, who is summerin?
in California, and a party of friends,, and
in the boxes opposite were Mrs.^Marcus
M. Hecht and family and John P. Dunne
of the Mathews &. Bulger Company/and
their friends.
Four Hundred Soldiers Present.
Through the generosity of Mrs., A. "8.
Townsend 400 soldiers attended the per
formance. They occupied seats In the
dress circle - and made a martial (appear
ance. The wounded lately returned from
Manila, convalescents in khaki . and boys
In blue were there and enjoyed' the hos
pitality of their benefactress. The actual
amount of money In the house, according
to the statement of the managers, ww
$3323. It is believed that fully^7ooo will be
realized from the benefit. • ¦
The programme was r carried through
¦without a hitch. From the time the cur
tain arose on the first part until the last
number was presented the audience was
treated to sweet singing, -, graceful danc
ing and clever specialties.- An •¦ Introduc
tory overture, entitled "The Fireman's
March," by Charles Bchultz, : was , played
by a combined; orchestra,. which was un
der the direction of B. Jaulus oftheOr
pheum. O. A. Mayhood of the ¦ California
and A. Loda of the - Alcazar. Then - f ol-
. For what can a man <Jo nobler than
lay down his life for a friend.
CT\ HAT such a sacrifice in the cause
| of humanity is appreciated by Cali
¦ • fornians and San Franciscans in
I particular was evidenced by the tre-
JL mendous crowds which poured into
the Grand Opera-house yesterday after
noon. By their presence the people of
this city and vicinity desired to express
their high' esteem for John Edward Swee
ney, the gallant fireman who lost his. life
In the discharge of his duty, and to swell
the fund that" will keep his widow and or
phans from want. . Talented artists had
volunteered their services In the noble
cause and 'won the plaudits of the vast
.audience that packed the big theater to
the limit of its capacity by their special
ties and splendid acting. The occasion
lowed the following programme:
The Programme.
A" 1900 New-fashioned First Part.
• ¦ Interlocutor, . Edwin Stevens (Tlvoll). 1
End men '
Ferris Hartman. Gilbert and Goldle and
Harry C. Cashman.
Vocal selections .'Quartet (Tivoll)
Comic song Harry C. Cashman (Tlvoli)
Tenor *010 ?,.. .....Tom Greene (Tlvoli)
Pp^cialtles Gilbert and Goldle (Orpheum)
Barytone solo .Sydney Deane (Orpheum)
Comic song /...Ferris Hartman (Tivoli)
Dallad ' ..Arthur Boyce (Tivoll)
{¦specialty .•«...'...-................;.....
George M. and Josephine. Cohan (Orpheum)
Fina1e....... ..Medley (Company)
Musical director, \V. H. Batchelor. :
(NY Intermission.)
PART SECOND. OLIO.
LITTLE ARNOLD GRAZER AND HAZEL
CALLAHAN.
America's Favorite Child Singers ahd Dancers.
Recitation — Henry Irvine's "My Uncle "
LEWIS MORRISON.
Balcony Scene From "Romeo and Juliet."
(Special Scenery From the Alcazar.)
Romeo WHITE WHITTLESEY
Juliet FLORENCE , ROBERTS
MART MARBLE. .
(California Theater.)
Courtesy of. Dunne and Ryley.
Character ¦ Hongs and Dances.
MATHEWS AND BULGER.
(California Theater.)
Courtesy of Dunne; and- Rylejr.
Specialties.
ETTA' BUTLER.
, (Orpheum.) - - ¦;
Mlmlo.
4 MAE TUNISON,
(Olympia.)
Soprano. >
WALTER JONES.
(California Theater.)
Courtesy of . Dunne ; and Ryley .
Celebrated Imitation of Snusa, Assisted by a
Military Band. \
EDNA DAVENPORT.
(Olympla.)
Character Dances." '
THE WILSON FAMILY.
(Chutes.)r ' \
, "The Colored .-Aristocrat*."
Mad e the ACair •. a ¦_ Success.
Manager John Morrisey of the Or
pheum, Phil Hastings, press agent for the
California Theater, 1 and- Ralph Plncus.
press apent for the Columbia Theater,
.¦were constantly kept busy looking, after
the comforts of the participants in the
prpgramme and \ ;the> audience. Stage
Managers Harry Orndorff , . Orpheum ;
Herbert A. Crlpps. California, and Georg-e
E. Lask. Tlvoli. assisted by J. S.~ Cannon
and T. 11. Andrews of the Grand Opera
house and the stage hands of the loc.ii
theaters, worked like : Trojans ".behind the
scenes to make the performance a . suc
cess. The benefit was given ; under ; the
auspices of -the Associated Theatrical
Managers of San Francisco,* which Is com
posed as follows: _ •
President, Morris Meyerfeldt Jr.V'Or
pheum; .vice: president, r J. J. Gottlob.
Columbia; secretary, Melville Marx;. Co
lumbia; treasurer." W. H. Leahy.- .Tivoll;
press representative. Phil I Hastings, Cali
fornia; Mrs. -Ernestine - Krellng. - Tlvoll;
S. H. Frtedlander. California; Selby C.
Oppenhelmer. California;- Mark Thall.
Alcazar; Fred Belasco, Alcazar; John
Morrisey, ; Orpheum; Al Waltersteln,
Olympia; Ed P. Levy, Chutes; .. : Alf s El
linghouse and Samuel Mott, I ; Alhambra. v-
Elaborate and .Original Programxhe
The Pacific Carriage '-. Company donated
blx carriages for the purpose of conveying?
those ' taklne ; part -In ¦ the : performance ' to
and from the Grand Opera-house.
IMMENSE AUDIENCE PRESENT.
Is Successfully Carried 5 Out;
¦¦¦ The Sweeney, benefit drewi an ; Immense
audience to '¦ the-Grand'Opera-house?iyes
terday afternoon. •.; Many : who - had bought
ACTORS, ACTRESSES AND FIREMEN IN THE WINGS ON THE STAGE OF THE
.'GRAND OPERA-HOUSE DURING THE PERFORMANCE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI,T;,SATRIJI)^,JTJNE- 30£ 1900.
14
; . Most ; popular i paper "published — Park
IJews..- Mysell-Rollln»," 22 Clay; Pub. '-.-'.- -. •*;
' If you j have ' never tasted Jesse Moore .' 'AA"
whiskey. ' try.', it . and ,be convinced that -it I«
the "best whiskey in the world. ¦ .* /
TOW and MONDIY
We Qnote Prices That Are
Bound to Bring YO2 ; to
Onr Doors.- A Hint— Come
in the Morning.
OUTSIDE^KIRTS.
LADIES' CRASH OVJERSKIRTS. all elzes.23o
LADIES' LINEN OVERSKIRTS. neatly
- ¦ trimmed .45c
LADIES'- STUCK OVERSKIRTS. gray.
;- J black or b1ue....... :...,. ..69c
LADIES' WHITE PIQUE OVERSKIRTS.
-excellent quality ...51.20
LADIES' COVERT CLOTH OVERSKIRTS.
all shades," nicely trimmed," 4 yards wide.OSc
LADIES' WAISTS
LADIES' WHITE LAWN WAISTS,, yoke
• -:of embroidery .'..... ....53c
LADIES' WHITE LAWN WAISTS, 24
•tucks front and back, 2 rows Inserting •
. . " down front ...OSo
LADIES' -WHITE LAWN WAISTS, front «
i.v- ot all over lace or. embr0idery. ...... .tt1.45
Pink or Blue best quality LADIES* LAWN
-WAISTS. 32 tucks front and back.
trimmed, double row. of embroidery
- . Insertion ....'....¦. $1.45
GRASS LINEN LADIES' WAISTS. 21 tucks
. front and back. Inserted twice down
front ......08c
KPSKIRTS.
CRASH. UNDERSKIRTS.' fancy and plain .
colors.- ruffle trimmed, with 3 small ruf-
fles, C cords between ruffles, ruffle lined OSo
LIKE SILK UNDERSKIRTS, 10-Inch ruf-
fle, accoriieon plaited, ruffle llnpd ....OSd
CHILDREN'S WHITE LAWN DRESSES. '
- embroidered joke.' Bretelles, neck and
- sleerss. trimmed with embroidery...;... 4Se
CHILDREN'S CALICO DRESSES. all
¦ - - • colors ¦..:...'.....' :..;;......-.. lOc
LADIESV WHITE SKIRTS, made of best
» muslin, trimmed with row of linen In-
pertlng.and flounced with wide linen
lace --... ¦.....'...". ; ..OSc
WE w'.ll.pell 9 dozen LADIES' GOWNS.
'made of good muslin, double row Insert-
\.\ lnK In -• yoke ; < worth ., 60c ; on sale at .... 30c
'¦TO-NIGHT "ends ¦:'¦ our Buccesaful sale vof
LADIES- WRAPPERS. HOSIERS AND COR-
SETS.' If •: these - roods Interest you It's money
hryour pocket by, calling upon us before clos-
ing time to-nlffht.
. .'You ¦ know, we* re ' headquarters $ for • LACES
EMBROIDERIES .end RIBBONS.- As usual
these departments <; offer their usual Saturday
bargains. ; : . -' •¦ \'.j':
1212-121^ MARKET" ST.,
Bet. Taylor and Jones. V
HaJe's.
H&Je'a.
' >J
<NCoo*oKATte - Baaty IHWi yjgj HKBP
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY AND MONDAY!
Who 13 Interested In sarlnff MOXET an«J L>ES- 1
SEMXG the cost of LIVING? See us. Writ* tj'J
us. Give us a trial order and b« CONVINCED. *
Crosse & Blackwell Jans- — — '. . 15u4
Genuine impcrted. Thta bargain has nere» ;
been offered by any other house In tb» city. ,
Rerular 25c.
Royal Baking Powder, I -lb ca5 ...... 4Qq
Limit 2 cans. Recular 43c lb.
Finest Creamery Batter 3 W* 9 .... .35* ,
Market baa advanced. Regular 43c
Best Eastern Sugar-Cured Hans.*. . . . \2li
Guaranteed. Resular ISc. T..
Petaluma Strictly Fresh Eggs, dozen.. l7M
Guaranteed. Regular 25c doz<in. 7- ¦
Oysters, Peerless Brand. 2-ib can- . . .'hi
Extra quality. Itegular ZZc ,\-'
Crown Flakes, 3 large packages IOs x
Health food. Regular 10c rks.
Pure Ca!. Olive Oil. quarts 75c
¦Warranted El Pearl Farm. Regular JLOQ.
French Castile Soap, 3-lb bar- 25c
Imported. Vlrsln' brand. Regular S0«.
Pineapple, Singapore, 2-lbcan .15c
Sliced. In extra «yrnp. Resnlar 23c.
Rye and Bourbon Wiilsky, gallon • ¦ .$2.50
Five years old. Regular J3.50 fallon.
Zinfandel. Vintage 1893, ga110n..... 35c
• - Regular »3c gallon.
Port, Siierry, Angelica, gallon .95c
Vintage 133 a Regular M.50.
TOUniST A.HD fICNIC SI/PPIfES.
Received— Full Assortment or Potted Meats.
Sardines. . Pate de Fole Gras and all Tabl«
Delicacies at Lowest Prices.
Send for Monthly Price List FVe«.
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 1W mt!e«.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. 'Phone> S. 232. JJo Branch Storea.
UNCLE SAM'S HOLIDAY
Is yours also, when yon want your holi-
day shirt front on. and a collar that won't
detract from your pleasure when 'cele-
brating. Take your linen to a reliable
laundry, where the edges of your collars
and cuffs will not be frayed ana wnere
the color and finish will do you proud
anywhere, such as la alwaj-3 turned^ out,
at the United States laundry.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY 1
Offlca 1004 Market Street,.
Near l*ow«ll.
Telephone — South 420,
Oakland Office— 3B3 12th Street. .;
The (j\
talking
THE
Zon-o- phone
is the highest type - of talking
machine that there is, as it is an
improvement on the Gram-o-
j>hone, which, as every one
knows, was the finest machine
in existence.
The Zon-o-phone's tones are
clear, distinct and natural. Its
reproduction is so wonderful
lhat a person hardly realizes
that it is a. mere machine doing
the talking.
The works are incased in a
handsome, piano-finished oak
case, with bevel-plate glass
sides md pillared corners.
Price, V $25. Records 50c each
Everybody is invited to -call
2nd hear the Zon-o-phone,
whether or not ... they wish to
"purchase. It -is constantly on
free exhibition at
SHERMAN, CLAY & GO'S
PIANO AND MUSIC HOUSE,
Cor. Ke&rnjt&i Batter Ct«., 6. T.
I ' 4|yO3j s Qturday's i
li >lilipiili? sa " ! ranci sco shoppers seem to have H
gy WgjF^J- a », founded idea that just at this time £ J
h^j ~r : n& ther^ are even greater values than usual f 1
fe| \s<A atHaies. to-day's and next week's of- [- 1
WM ' f^ \ fenngs \v:Il materially add to that im- f j
I /F^^^^% ™?;! e > daint y waists |:'J
pi *c£h IJave1 J ave 3l i s . t re cei v ed a new line of I i
H i W^s^ 1 t0 la , wn ss £ lTt wai«g. the waists are
Kj * k x v3S^2^?y \ made of a fine quality lawn with two ll'l
El GrK tl>4 ISZLt-S f . ln f«rtlne across front, latest f I
El \l"5IS^ 9i ?3C C ° 'S 3 frOm °tO **' each
Ii \ Nt^v\^T : 2/ U 1^ 0 dozen waists that have never been I A
mm ' V 'j >^S»^nij*V sn , ow 717 1 on our counters before, in koo«J E !
M \ >V\ c l° rl °ff f and , RRood; ood Quality percale-black «' *
Xl \ '"V J^Ks33f S?J? whlte^ p i" k - hlue - lavender and n>d
\ \ S*Asr^i&\ str 'Pes. and I hick and white polka dDt3 I
ri3 \ V r I/Of \ -rsome with lace insertion across* shoul- I I
t-J \ \ 'ti&fl-$\ aers and down front, -others full pleats. \\.
133 \ \ < «C// v front and hark, trimmed with white ¦- IH •
Etl \ \« Xrh e%. I v i?" s2s 2. mQ wltn circular yoke front and S H'"
/\ sJ™ I back . trimmed with herring bone braid. " I'd
M / x^T * veilings for outine:
PI / /f^^ in- VV s er iice > d > tor dS - brlShtt UeVr ' frCSh Ye "" r'\
M ostrich feather boas bunting and f
§39 lonp. rich. Klo.«sy and warranted cot hommA/«lf(< \mk
&3 to turn dull: gray. lVi j-ards 10ng.... flammOCKb { I
KM black and white combination, l-y&nl color9> per >ard *<» HJ
m Icnff. J7 20: IH yards long.. p5O hammocks. Palmer make, extra *
I Hales "iron thread" ?S&^r:..:!^?..'^ h -.^ |
g hosiery for boys art . lfle - . .. . ¦
1 and eirls articles of toilet j
m .these superior roods made especially en .' S b ° rated talcuia P o^"-^
Bffl to our order for HaJe's. California Hudnut s face powder ...50 c Kg
g| 8t ?£? 8^ . tomb; white celluloid ac kSB
m </£ n c^ a In he^ ?&;. ¦ m
M hSff;^to2! h a-Ss tiSSS S cottons at mill price I
EH r.alr Presented, r-r and ft Is extra heavy;, the mtll price KB
JM 100"dozen'kVrV S v ---iron"{nread ;: --tr,t *"'* ° UrS *'* the Same> *" ri --^ f