SAN FRANCISCO; iFRII>AY,OIJNE; 29,) 1900,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 29.
MINISTERS REPORTED
WITH LANDING FORCE
BERLIN, June 2S.— The commander of
the German squadron at Taku telegraphs
under date of June 26 as follows: j "The
foreign Ministers are with the landing
force."
.According, to reports of. Christians, It. Is
added fighting) continued at Tientsin June
25, the fortified arsenal outside j the. town
being still An possession of . the Chinese.
¦ - ¦¦ -. — — -• — '¦ —
MISSIONARIES ARE
WITHOUT 'PROTECTION
BERLIN, June , 28.— The Cologne Yolks
Zeitung has received a cablegram , saying
that the situation in, the mission, districts
In the: southern -part;' of -the , province of
Shantung^isinow: extremely: threatening.
Pro- Vicar iFreinademetz^telegraphs from
Reining,- on the Grand canal, that the mis
sionaries lax* without ; protection "and that
their, lives : are In great danger. ,-
According to the: same paper, there are
In Peking ,10,000 Catholics, ; with twenty,
five ; Catholic; missionaries and 100 Protest
tant : missionaries, t The Volks ; Zeitung ex
presses "astonishment t that \ none • of ; these
people . havo been' able : to send news to
tha coast. , s " '*.
It Is due to the Russians that any one la
alive Jat Tientsin. -The American j Consul
telegraphs that the American mission at
Wei-Hal -Wei. has . been completely de^
stroyed." "
/From official sources It Is learned that
the'legatons at Peking and the foreigners
there. were safe June 25.
General yon Honneken, formerly mili
tary instructor in the Chinese army, re
plying to a statement in the English pres»
that the Taku forts were: built by, Ger
man engineers, says- they were built by
Chinese mechanics and afterward remod
eled by. Americans.
The Vorwaerts complains ( that the
German Government Is taking all the va
rious steps' in China without consulting
the Reichstag, which Is now adjourned,
whereas,, the British and French Parlia
ments are In session, and the governments
of London and Paris must make reports
to -them on the progress of events. It
adds:
"It Is high time that our people recog
nized the danger threatening them and
that- they* call the Government to strlci
RUSSIANS WITH RESCUERS.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 23.— The Min
ister of War has received the following
from Admiral Alexleff, dated Port Arthur,
Juno 27:.^
, '"During: the night of June 25 a detach
ment of -four, companies of Russians, Col
onel Schlvlenskl commanding, and the
same number of foreigners went to the
relief ; of Admiral .Seymour and brought
200 of tils wounded to Tientsin."
LOSSES AMONG GERMANS.
BRITISH CASUALTIES.
LONDON, Juno 23.— Admiral Bruco, in
, BERLIN, June 28.— The ¦ German .com
mander at ' Taku reports that , In the re
lief of Tientsin the Germans lost Lieuten
ant Frederich and ten men killed- and had
twenty men wounded. The fight lasted
eight hours.
command of the British forces at Taku.
reports to the British Admiralty the fol
lowing casualties: At Taku. June 24. on*
seaman wounded; at Tientsin up to tha
forenoon -of June 23, four seamen killed
and Lieutenants' Sterling. Powell and
Wright, Commander Beatty and forty
four midshipmen and seamen wounded.
SAFE TIP TO JUNE 25.
NEW YORK. June 23.— The New York
agency of the Hongkong Shanghai
Banking Corporation received the follow
ing dispatch from the corporation's Lon
don office:
"We are informed on reliable authority
that the legations at Peking were safa
up to June 23 and were receiving Govern
ment protection."
TROOPS SAIL FROM MANILA.
WASHINGTON". June 28.— The follow
ing was received from General Mac Arthur
this morning: : .
"Adjutant General. Washington: Trans
port" left Manila 8:30 morning ' June 27,
with Colonel Liscum In command. 39 of
ficers, 1271 men. MACARTHUR."
CAN'T PROTECT FOREIGNERS.
CHKFT7, "Wednesday, June 27.— The
American mission at Wuh Slen, Shan
tung Province, has been destroyed. Tha
missionaries escaped. The Governor has
notified foreigners Inland that he Is un
able to protect them.
SHANGHAI, June 28.— 1t Is asserted
here that Liv, tha Viceroy of Nakln, has
received Instructions from Peking to In
form tho foreign Consuls here immedi
ately that tho legations at Ftkinx **<fcav«
been arrangisff peace terms."
ARRANGING PEACE TERMS.
MANCHUS FROM ¦ CHING-TEH. IN THE SHANGTU VALLEY, PECHILI PROVINCE. 150 MILES NORTH
EAST; OF : PEKING AND NORTH OF THE GREAT WALL. THE TSUN-HUA •MISSION AND SCHOOL, ONE
OF THE FIRST PLACES INVOLVED IN. THE .OUTBREAK, IS JUST SOUTH OF , CHING-TEH.
GALL. HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, June 28.— Official Washington is hourly expect
ing the receipt of a dispatch from Minister Conger which will determine whether a state of war or riot exists In
China. Though up to the close of office hours this afternoon neither the State nor Xavy Department has received
Information confirmatory of the press dispatches that Vice Admiral Seymour's column and its charges had been
rescued. It is the confident belief of the President and Secretary Hay that such is the case: There remains a ques
tion as to whether the Ministers were expelled from Peking, and. If . so, whether such an: act should be regarded as an
Insult by the civilized world. The recognition of a state of war will involve the possibility of international complications,
end the powers hesitate to take such action, especially when there has been harmony of procedure up to this time. From
present indications Europe and Japan will adopt the attitude pursued by the United States and regard the situation r as a
Elate of international disorder which the imperial Government is .too weak to suppress.
Additional information that the legations were safe was furnished Secretary Hay this afternoon by Wu Ting Fang,
the Chinese Minister, from the Chinese Embassador In London. Minister Wu received a copy of a dispatch from Li Hung
Chang, important only because it shows that Viceroy Li is still at Canton and has not yet started for Peking./ It reads: '
"All foreign Ministers are with Vice Admiral Seymour, twelve miles from Tientsin."
The Minister expressed confidence that no trouble had befallen the legations, and %ald that undoubtedly Viceroy LI
had meant by the term "foreign Ministers" the whole of the legations.
The Minister is conducting himself in a very e'reumspect manner, and there is no disposition ; on the, part of Secre
tary Hay to make his position here mor« difficult than it Is. It Is apparent that the Minister's dispatch is several days old,
as Rear Admiral Kempff notified the Navy Department yesterday that the Ministers were with Vice Admiral Seymour's
column eight miles from Tientsin. The Minister FUggested that the imperial Government had furnished the legations with
an armed escort, which whll: on its way from Peking to Tientsin had met Vice Admiral Seymour's command 1 and had
turned their charges over to the allied force. He did not know whether the imperial troops continued with Vice Ad
miral Seymour, aiding the allies in forcing their way back to Tientsin, or had returned to the capital. 'The latter is the
official \lew, .
Before Minister Wu arrived at the State Department Secretary Long received this message .from Rear /Admiral
ICexnpif : ¦ V ." ¦-• ¦'¦'¦ •>
"CHEFU, June 28. — Secretary of Navy, Washington: About 12,000 foreign troops are now ashore. The soldiers or
dered Ehould report at Taku instead of Chefu. I have substituted the Nashville for the Yorktown at Chef tf. The
Yorktovrn Is used a» a dispatch boat, being more suitable."
Considerable comment occurred in official and diplomatic circles to-day In connection with the London dispatch quot
ing Inspector General Hart of the Chinese Customs ' Service as saying that the foreign legations had been* "desired" "to
leave Peking. The dispatch received by Minister Wu from the Tsung-li Yamen and transmitted yesterday to the State
Department announced that, the demand made by the foreign admirals that the Taku forts be turned over to them Im
mediately "looked like an and we communicated the fact to the foreign Ministers in Peking." ;lt was sug
gested In an Eastern diplomatic quarter, to-day that the Chinese Government, fearing tho effect of the action ot the foreign
admirals In so peremptorily demanding the possession of the Taku forts upon a populace already excited by the anti-for
eign movement, had intimated to the foreign legations. ln the interest of their safety that they should remove to Tientsin. '¦¦;
"Supposing the foreign admirals had demanded Immediate possession of the Taku forts." said, a diplomat Who discussed
the situation to-day, *;!and supposing the Chinese Government believed this to be a hostile act and tantamount to a dec
laration of war and requested the foreign Ministers in the Interest of their own safety to leave Peking,' who would be re
eponsible? Would the powers have declared war on China? Would China have declared war on 'the powers? China does
not desire war. Every dispatch that Minister Wu has received from his Government or. Its officials proves this [ conclu
sively. She knows the futility of fighting the whole world. Had the foreign Ministers been permitted to: remain'- In. Peking'
It might have been impossible to have restrained the fury of the people when they had learned that the powers had com
menced the dispatch of an army Into the empire, and being ignorant of the purpose of the movement, they might have
thought that it was preliminary to the dismemberment of their country, as has so long been threatened." ¦
It Js the belief of diplomats here that the allied forces will immediately take up their march to Peking. Nothing offi
cially hao been received here to confirm the report that the Russians withdrew from Vice Admiral ' Seymour's command
when be turned back to Tientsin and continued on the way to Peking. It Is possible this message may have referred to the
Russian column, 4000 strong, which Is reported to have started some days ago for Peking. .Inquiry at the Russian em
bassy to-day developed -that this column has probably been confounded with thaJp which, according to Its Information,
waJB to leave Port Arthur for Taku. , - • /
"Xo matter what or where the Russian troops may be in China," said an attache; who talked about - -the • situation,
"they will be withdrawn when the trouble ende. The Russian Government has announced that they; have been sent 1 into*
China merely for the purpose of protecting life and property, and when their services are no longer required, they will' ba
returned to their stations." 9B«S|il ' '.' " - ¦ '
Washington Officials Await Ad
vices From Minister Conger
Before Determining Whether a
State of War or Riot Exists in
China.
NEW YORK. June 28.— The following
cable was received at the Methodist
Episcopal Mission Board to-day from
Chefu, from the Rev. Mr. Brown, one of
their missionaries in the Tientsin dis
trict. It ,s dated June 28:
"Mission destroyed by fire. About ICO
TIENTSIN MISSION
DESTROYED BY FIRE
BURNING OF
THE PALACE
IS REPORTED
LONDON, June 29.4 a.
m.— An' imperial decree
published in Shanghai
on Thursday, says a cor
respondent Of the Daily
Express,' asserts that
the imperial palace in
Peking was burned on
June 16 and that the
attack on the palace
was made by revolting
Chinese troops.
mission, a hospital and a school. In all
tho property of the Methodist Episcopal
Board Is valued at something more than
$50,000.
• The Rev." Dr. M. B. Leonard, secretary
of the Missionary Society, said:
"Presumably, those killed 'were natives,
but it Is not clear even that they were
native Christians. Many of them may
have been Boxers or Chinese soldiers.
The -risk ; for • foreigners evidently, is In
Tientsin, .where Mr. Brown expects to go
himself in a few. days.'/ -¦']¦
Dr. Leonard thinks none . of the Metho
dist missionaries were among the killed,
or Dr.' Brown would certainly have men
tioned the fact.
WEI-HEN DESTROYED,.
BUT FOREIGNERS ESCAPE
NEW YORK, June 2S.— Two cablegrams
were received by the Presbyterian Board
of Foreign Missions this morning. The
first from Shanghai read:
"Wei-Hen destroyed. Foreigners es
caped." .
The Presbyterian • Board y had ¦'• $40,000
Kvorth of property, in Wei-Hen, and this Is
now all gone. Dr. Fairrles was one of the
missionaries there .'and ho escaped' with
tho others. The .other" cablegram came
from Chefu and-stated:-. - :
t "Lbbenstein' at. Shanghai, Fenas at Pe
king." - ¦- ¦-¦ -/¦.• •¦¦'¦¦ ¦ ¦-*¦; >'--•¦ .:¦... :
•¦ : Rev.-: B. C." Lobensteln- was stationed at
Nankin, and it would appear as If he had
to -make : his escape to Shanghai. Tho
cablegram -also "stated:.
- ; "No word has been received from Pe
king"or: Pao-Tiufu/V__ „ .
ACTS OF\ RUSSIANS AT.
TIENTSIN COMMENDED
. ' SHANGHAI, Juno 28.— The , Daily, News
has !a r dispatch from Wei-Hal-Wei,- dated
Captain 1 Bay! ey It published*: that
June 17, saying:*' ;/'.-'-.¦¦.¦'-.'=.-¦¦; /'.-'- . ¦¦.¦'-.'=.-¦¦ : '.:;' : '---' '/j} \ -.'</¦
-; "The: railway;, terminus,: which . is ; eight
miles north ;' of'- Tientsin, ;_ Is % destroyed;
By the mission Is meant the mission at
Tientsin, but just how much of that mis
sion is destroyed the homo board doe 3
not know what to infer. The mission
there Is In three compounds, as they are
called. Oije compound Is composed/ of
two missions and a church, another of a
mission and a school, and a third of a
CZAR'S ARMY
NOW BEING
MOBILIZED
BERLIN, June 28 —
The Vorwaerts says:
"From an absolutely
reliable source we hear
the Russian War; Minis
try has sent to all, the
military, authorities -in
Russia .telegraphic se
cret orders to prepare
everything For §jriobi!i
zation. The orders
bear the date oF June
18 and 19."
killed. I think there Is serious risk for
foreigners. Will return In a few days to
Tientsin. Shall I return home? Will you
permit?"
UNPRECEDENTED IN
ALL ACTS OF DIPLOMACY
United States Consuls to Deal "Witli
Viceroys Without Reference
to Peking Government
CALX HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, June 2S.—
In- accordance with the representation
made yesterday by Minister TVu, Secre
tary Hay has sent a cable Instruction
to American Consuls in China, directing
them to confer with Viceroys or their
representative to obtain protection for
Americans and their interests. It is* un
derstood that other powers have given
6imilar Instructions. So long as the local
authorities comply with the represcnta-
tlons by foreign consuls and preserve
peace and order foreign troops will not
be sent Into their territory. This ar
rangement greatly simplifies affairs In an
official point of view, as It confines the
region In ¦which peace and order must be
restored by the allies to a comparatively
small portion of the great Chinese em
pire.
>^HANGHAI, June 28.— -Admiral Seymour has arrived, at Ticntcin. S*"ty-two of his
men have been killed and 312 wounded. - The damage in Tientsin, it is hoped, has
been exaggerated, but nothing is certainly known. Absolutely no trustworthy infor
mation has come out .of Peking for two weeks? all wires being down. The whereabouts of the
legations is unknown. It is the belief of the Chinese that Prince Tttan has superseded the
Empress Dowager at the head of affairs. Prince Tuan is the recognized head of the Boxers.
Grave tidings come from Shantung province. The Wei-Hsien mission premises have
been destroyed, but the missionaries escaped. This is thought premonitory of fvtrther dis
turbances. Thus far the Boxers have been operating only in Chili ar.d Shantung provinces.
Sixteen thousand troops of the allies Have already landed at Taku. This -number should
be quadrupled. The best interests of China demand the suppression of the Boxers, the
overthrow of the Empress Dowager and the reactionary party, and the reinstatement of the
power of the Emperor. If the Boxers gain any substantial advantage the consequences can
not be foreseen. The insurrection will spread like wildfire.
The Wu-Char\g and Nanking Viceroys give assurances that they are able to quell the
disturbances, and have issued ' proclamations. " Nevertheless the condition of affairs in the
Yang-tse Valley" is "the occasion for serious apprehensions." "Shanghai, under ordinary cir
cumstances, is' safe. "Volunteers and men-of-war are affording protection, but more are
needed both at Shanghai and in the Yang-tsc Valley to meet the contingencies that are more
than possible, and will be beyond the control of the local authorities.*
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by tha Herald Publishing Company.
'•¦-¦...¦• _ • ¦ -¦ - - .
Hemmed in by Hordes of Fanatical Chinese
the Besieged Column Intrenched and
Successfully Fought Off the Mongol
Assailants— One Prisoner Declared That
the Peking Legations Had Been Burned
and the Ministers Killed.
LONDON. June 23, 4a. m.— The casualties of the international force attack
ing Tientsin were: Americans, killed 3. wounded 2; British, killed 2. wound
ed 1; Oenrans. killed 15, wounded 27; Russians, killed 10, wounded 37. The
pin fire of the Americans and British Is described as "beautiful."
After the relieving force passed on to the rescue of Admiral Seymour,
CMaese regulars under General Xieh, says a dispatch from Shanghai, again at
tacked Tientsin fiercely and bombarded the foreign settlement with a terrible
fire.
British Colonel Don-ward commanded the column that relieved Admiral Sey
mour. American marines participated in the achievement. The admiral was found
Intrenched and surrounded by Immense masses of Chinese, who ¦were driven off
by the relieving column after a brisk fight. His men made a brilliant resistance,
never failing In courage for fifteen da>s of continued fighting. During ten days
the men were on quarter rations. They started with provisions for ten days
and they could have held out a day or two longer.
The column was a few miles beyond Lofa. Deeming it hopeless to attempt
to break through the hordes, Admirnl Seymour essayed a night retreat to
ward Tientsin, but he came into collle-lon with a strong force of Chinese ar
riving' from the northwest, and could neither advance nor retreat. There wa»
nothing to do but to Intrench and to stand a siege. He vainly attempted helio
graphlc communication.
Seymour's men caught several . Chinese, who safd the legations had been
burned and the illnisters killed. Others said that the Ministers had been im
prisoned.
The Chinese displayed fanatical courage in the attack.
Four thousand ¦ Russians left Tientsin four days after Admiral Seymour, but
they never er>t in touch with him.
Railway communication from Taku to Tientsin has been restored and* the force
Is advancing toward Peking. Fighting was in progress Wednesday in the vicin
ity of Ts<? Chulln. Large preparations are being made to support and rein
force the Peking relieving column. Twenty thousand troops of all arms, largely
Japanese, have now been landed. The fate of the members of the legations
Is ctlll a mystery. If they are alive and unharmed at Peking the Chinese Gov
ernment deserves some credit, Shanghai correspondents think, for restraining the
fanatical mob.
The Shanghai correspondent of the Dally Telegraph, wiring at 9:05 p. m. yes
terday, pays:
"It is reported on good Chinese authority that the Government, alarmed by
the foreign military preparations, has issued an edict ordering the peremptory
suppression of the Boxers and announcing a decision to protect the legations at
all hazards."
However this may be, the British Consulate at Shanghai received definite in
formation yesterday, the Daily Express correspondent says, that while solemnly
promising complete abstention from warlike preparations, the Chinese are mount
ing several new 6-inch guns at the Woo Sung forts.
The British warships have sailed from Hongkong to reinforce the allied squad
ron at Shanghai. The southern provinces are sending troops toward Peking, and
the exodus of Chinese of oil classes from Shanghai continues at the rate of from
10.000 to 15.000 a day.
Kusslan prestige has been injured during the recent fighting and an anti-
Russian rising In the Liaotong peninsula, Russian Manchuria, is predicted.
According to the Shanghai correspondent of the Times, advices from Shang
rasr say that Governor Youan fihik Kai maintains cordial relations" with for
eigners and has sent numerous couriers to Peking, but none of them have re»
Foreign Forces Under Admiral
Seymour Made a Brilliant
Resistance for Fifteen Days
Until Relief Arrived.
MINISTERS YET MISSING, AND THE CHIEF OF THE
BOXERS CONTROLS CHINA.
The San Francisco Call." BERLIN. June 2S.— The report said to
have originated at Varydoe. Norway, that
Andree,' who attempted to reach the north
pole in a balloon, ia safe, has been Ig
nored . here and : is regarded as being un
founded.
Andree Rumor Discredited.
Fire at the Stock Farm of Senator
v Porter A she. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SONOMA. June 28.— A fire occurred t last
night at the stock farm of Senator R.
Porter Ashe near Glen Ellen, resulting In
the loss of the choice collection of oil
paintings of his famous horses, together
with the medals and amounts of the vari
ous purses they had won and . various
works of art. The buildings were not
valuable, but the loss in the art gallery
alone is estimated by Senator Ashe at not
less than $10.000-
VALUABLE PICTURES BURNED.
Killed by Electricity.
CHICO. June 1 28.— Harry ;Moyer, aged -20
years,"> employed by the' Butte ; County
Electric Power and- Lighting, Company: of
thlo city, waa -killed iwhlle'i at .work./ here
thlß eveninff.': ITho./younpr man x had Just
commenced to work for tne- company, ana
It Is presumed ".that -while moving abouj
be caxight'nold of live* wires. - Residents
Springs Seriously Injured. >4/\
Special - Dispatch Jo. Th* Call. '•< , .
SONOMA. June .' 28.— A ,. : shooting affray
at the mineral springs of Dr., C. C. O'Don
nell at Glen Ellen this morning came near
ending in a case f or_ the I Coroner, c Fore
man Barker had given Instructions to one
of his men In regard . to his duties, when
he drew a pistol . and without 'warning
ehot Mr. .Barker inrthe head Just back of
the right ear. Dr. Davis, who !s attending
to the -wounded 'man, " sayo ¦ that he- has
some hope* of his " recovery, ; though the
case is doubtful: •• '¦ /• v
Foreman , Barker of the Mineral
SHOOTING AT GLEN ELLEN.
DAVENPORT, lowa, June 28.— Miss Ma
rlon Bybee, the young woman found wan
dering abotrCharefooted the other day,
proves to be -the heiress of the Drexler
estate in San Francisco. Alexander Rus
sell of the Bowers Rubber Cpmpany of
San^Francisro, who arrived here -to-day
from Chicago, Identified her and was fully
recognized and joyfully welcomed by. her.
Miss, Bybee; who has been at the Gra
ham farm near Leclaire. will be the guest
of Mrs. L. F. Perry until her relatives ar
rive, here. She appears to be completely
recovered now. - -
Regained Her Reason.
Young Woman Has Apparently Fully
MISS BYBEE RECOVERS.
INDIANAPOLIS,' June : 28.— Gottlieb
Ecker.- for many years -president*; of : the
Indianapolis Maennerchor,' known to Ger
man sfngerß throughout America;' died to
day, aged W.yeara.- - __v ; : ; ;; -^,;-
Gottlieb Ecker.
NEW YORK, June 2S.— James -H. Mer
rill. 54 years old, Mayjprof Oshkosh.
died sud derily ' o f apoplexy to'-day c at ' thft
home of "his sister. Mrs. .James Kimber
lpy. of 102 East One Hundred and Twenty
eighth street.
S. D. Ingram.
GUERNEVILLE. June .2s.— S. D. In
gram. aged 79. died at his home near Caz
adero last night. Deceased was well
known 'in this county as well as in other
parts of the State., He built and estab
lished the summer resort at Cazadero,
formerly "Ingrains." and lived on Austin
Creek for thirty-one years. 1 He- leave*
a wife and three •- married . .sons. The
funeral will take place in Guernevilie to
morrow afternoon under the "auspices of
Redwood Lodge. I. O. O. F. Mr. Ingram
was a charter member and past grand. of
Unity Lodge, I. O. O. F., of Ban Fran-
Cisco. - : .
James H. Merrill. -
BAKERSFIELD. June . 28.— Sergeant
Michael McMorrow. well known to all old
time regulars, wan *ound dead In his
cabin several miles from here yesterday.
The sergeant was over eighty years old
and had been on the retired list for sev
eral years on a pension of forty odd dol
lars, a month. He served In the United
States army thirty years and was proud
of the honor of being sergeant of Battery
D. Third Artillery. McMorrow was in the
regulars when the Civil War broke out
and remained there all through the con
test and was in many of the big battle.
He died unattended in his lone shack on
a Oovfrnmcnt claim and was -not found
for several days afterward. . He ; was a.
native of Ireland.
Sergeant McMorrow.
HONOLULU. June 21.— Robert Halstcad.
a retired sugar planter, died on the 14th
of dropsy. The deceased left a wife and
six children. Halstead was born at Tod
morden, Yorkshire. England, August 10,
1R36. He came to the islands about thirty
years a?o and early engaged In the sugar
industry. At that time the sugar industry
was little developed, and its methods as
compared with those of the present were
very Pimple and primitive. With a-part
ner, under the firm name of Halstead &
Gordof. a plantation was started in the
Waialua district. Island of Oahu. which is
known popularly as the Halstead planta
tion, and achieved continuous success
until two years ago. when it was sold to
the Waialua Agricultural Company.
Eobert Halstead.
The Day's Dead
PARIS, June '29.— A "lighted bomb,
charged with powder and pieces of lead,
was found last .evening : shortly befo,re
midnight by the police in front of the
entrance door of the residence of M. Bu
lot, Procurator of the Republic, 22^Gal
vanl. ...;. , i . *. N . -----
It was at his house in the Rue de Cllcyh
that occurred the terrible bomb explosion
in" March, 1892, the author of which- was
the notorious anarchist Ravachol.
Placed in Front of-the-Resi
dence of Procurator
Bulot."
LIGHTED BOMB
IS FOUND IN A
STREET OF PARIS
FLANNELLY TO
PAY THE PENALTY
OF HIS CRIMES
Double Murderer Will Be
Hanged at San Quentin
To-Day.
BAN QUENTIN. June 2s.— Thomas Flan
nelly, who murdered his father, Patrick
Flanr.eliy, and Sheriff W. P. McEvoy of
San Mateo County on the night of October
tS, 18*7, at Redwood City, will be hanged
to-morrow morning at 10:30 o'clock. «The
Invitations from the Warden were mailed
yesterday.
Patrick Flannelly, father of the con
demned, was a wealthy and respected citi
zen of Redwood City. Young Flannelly
vas a ne'er-do-well. The elder Flannelly
had set him up with a fine dairy farm two
miles from lied wood City, on the San
M?teo read, but the yqjing lngrate abused
his i atber r favors, neglected the dairy
and wasted his days and his substance
In barrooms. At last he decided to take
v partner who should do the work and
civ* him more time to idle. Painck Flan
r.e!lv set his foot against thi? scheme, and
when the son proved obstinate and ugly
the father brought an action to t?j*ct him
lrom the farm. At 8 o'clock In the even
'me of October 2*. 1837, a constable served
the proceFf of the court on young Klan
i:elly at the farm and then rode baaJs. to
town. _? „ ? ,
" An hour later young Hannelly galloped
tip to his father* horn« in Redwood City.
tied his horre to a tree and -rang the l>eU.
l*i« Fister opened the door. Thomas
fcrushod by her, went upstair? to his
father's chamber, entered without knock
ing and shut the door .behind him." F»£-
Tf-«tn miuutre later, the members of the
I^milv were rou?ed and startled by a suc
cession of ehots and loud outcrle?. They
hastened to the room of the old man and
caught a glimpse of Thomas' as he rushed
out of the hoi^»e by the front-door, Hung
himself upon his horse and galloped away
into the night. Poor. old Patrick , Flan,
nelly lay on the couch." <Tead. in a pool of
his o-w-n Mood. . One bullet from his-pon's
ristol had struck. him -in. the. mouth, an
other in the brain, a third in the heart.
Sheriff McEvoy- at once organized a
pos.«<! and- started"in pursuit of. the mur
ticrer. He was found at his farmhouse
and refused to surrender. . Fire was at
once opened from both Fides and McElvoy
¦was . slightly wounded. After - Flannelly
had exhausted his ammunition he surren
dered.
Mci>vcy's wound. although flight,
proved fatal and he died of blood-poison
ing. When the facts of the Sheriffs con
dition became known an angry mob sur
rounded the -Jail and threatered-tor^lynch
the prisoner, .Deputy Sheriff Mansneld.
however, managed to save - Wm ' and he
xr:m transferred to San Jose. ; ¦
Then followed long ; months "of lltlsratlon.
THREE OAKS, Mich.. June 28.—Cere
monies, attending the: unveiling: of: th©
cannon presented to .this town by Admi
ral Dewey .began at 2. o'clock, this after
noon.' \ Splendid weather favored 'the thou-i
Bands -of .visitors -.who;, '.crowded^ all ; ln-'
coming ! trains ¦ from ; early ¦ morning. ? Every
building In the place • was '; gorgeously/ dec
orated iwith tflaga and ! bunting:..; The cele
bration vwiin continue -to-morrow.'
Cannon Unveiled.
SALT LAKE." June 28.— The remittitur
in the case of young Abe Majors , affirming
the Judgment' of the lower court and\or
dering that sentence of i death >bet carried
out was made : out by ; the * clerk of / the
Supreme ¦ Court to-day." and ~ later ¦ mailed
to Judge Hart. It now becomes the duty
of , the ¦ court" to resentence the -• youthful
prisoner, which. It Is expected,? will be
done some time next week. - . -
Will Resentence Majors.
-A postoffice has: been . established at
Hot Springs. .Tulare County, Cal., and
Lilburn S. Wiiigrove appointed Postmas
ter.-- -' ¦ ¦-..-• . ¦'. . '¦'¦' ¦ ¦ ..-. ":,.;¦.:¦." v
i Postmaster/) » " commissioned : ' Oregon—,
Edward B. Waters." Burns; Adelle r>odd,«
Ridgeway. -. : MRHB9HR :
¦WASHINGTON, June 28.-The Comp
troller of, the Currency has approved of
the. Los Angeles National Bank as, re
serve agent for the Farmers*' National
Bank of Fresno and the .First National
Bank of Los Angeles for the First Na
tional Bank' of Redlands and the Mer
chants' National Bank of San Diego.
Sub-station No. 19 of 1 the San Francisco
Postolnce will be established at Folsom
and Fifth streets July 15. ..
- The following have been appointed rail
way mail clerks: California— Herbert C.
Jones and . Charle9 T. Dullard, Los An
geles; JohmH. Brickie, Fresno.. Wash
ington — Emery L. Ebo, Spokane; John F.
Shearer,; Cheney. Oregon— Joe S. Werz.
Ashland; George T. Bradshaw, Salem.
Pensions. have. been granted aa'follows:
Original— Ezra' J: McComb, Los " An
geles, $6; James H. Wilson,-. Chlco.
|6; John Halloran, Soldiers' Home, $6;
George O. Streeter, Vallejo, $6; Francis
Schweltze, San Francisco, $6; Benjamin
"W. Smith. Ban gor. S6; John J. Carpenter.
Los Angeles, $6; .William -H. Lane, < San
Francisco, $15. Increase — Frederick
Havre, Burbank, $8; Philip Walker, Nor
tonvllle, $10; Albert Dougherty, Veterans'
Home, $8;- Carl Johnson, San Francisco.
$8;. Jesse Cooper, Lusardi, $10. Relssj**
and increase— P. S. Blackmer, West
Berkeley, $12. Widows-Ella M. Allery,
Santa Ana,' $8. Mexican war "widows —
Mary S. Hewitt, Fresno. $8.
¦ Oregon:. Additional— Honey Proctor,
Elgin, $3. Increase— John McDonald, The
Dalles, $8; Widows— Emma K. Glass.
Dilley, $8.
•Washington: Original — John M. Cook,
Seattle. ?10; H, N. Delano, New What
com, $6. Increase— George Smith, Oak
Harbor. $10. ?
sions Granted.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen-
INTERESTS THE COAST.
near hy heard him* scream as though in
terrible, agony and Saw him stagger out
of the works. . About twenty feet from
the door he fell, but arose and staggered
a few yards farther, but fell again and
expired in a few minutes. He -leaves a
father, mother and sister. He- was a
member of the Foresters of America.
"With the money left him by his father the
parricide made a strong fight for life.
Tho Supreme Court finally sustained the
verdict against Flannelly and to-morrow
he must die on the gallows. ¦
SAN JOSE, June 28.— Misa Harrietta
Sage. Goddess of Liberty in the Elks'
Fourth of July celebration, has. selected
the following maids of honor: , Misses Jes
sie-McGraw, Lucille; McGraw, Gertrude
McMillan, Mabel McMillan. Helen
Marsky. Hazel Singleton, Alice Barre,
Irene Campbell'. Maud" Campbell, Grace
Lord. Marcia Cathers and Maud Perrin.
The goddess will occupy a handsome gold
and white equipage drawn by eight black
horses in the parade, while her maids will
also,#e furnished with an elegant turn
out.. ¦ s. *i.
SAN JOSE'S GODDESS
CHOOSES HER MAIDS
. From the outside cities crowds are piur
ing in'- and locomotion '. on the streets'-, is
by no 'means ; easy. At a late hour this
evening the song and the refrain is "Halt!
Hall to the Queen!"- \ - -v "
The King Pin's clothes— the royal ones
have been recovered, but the royal per
ipn Is now jn danger. '¦:'/£ number of .the
town, mischief- viewers have formed a plan
of abduction.' King Lewis, who has heard
of it. row goes about with a bodyguard
allowed him by 'the Chief of Police:'^
During the day Stockton rested. ' The
hot wave,*, by . no ' .means - unbearable, did
not prevent' the crowd from frequenting
the midway. That was the attraction in
the afternoon and at right, after the cor
onatlfm ceremonies were over. General
jollity and the spirit of carnival has its
hold on Stockton- this evening. To-morrow
.will.bea rather quiet day on the pro
gramme.' but Saturday ' will see the fun
in. all its intensity. Then for .the first
time will King Pin Lewis, at the head
of a grotesque parade, show himself. This
will -be the feature of the present week's
celebration and is looked' upon, by many
as the prospective success of the great
street fair. ?" ¦' ,-, ..¦ ."'
to 'the main.' feature of the celebration,
thus far the 1 investiture of royalty upon
Miss Peters. ' ' ¦'
In postponing the coronation from the
afternoon till the evening the committee
showed keen judgment. The glowing lan
terns, the cool of evening, the light of
the Courthouse studded \ with electrical
globes, the life on th.3 streets, all added
Eleanor Yourfg and Margaret, Westby.
small children, one in peach, the other
in cherry colors.*: -bore ' the^ crown 6f 'the
Qu?en and placed this token' and insignia
of royalty upon the head of Miss i Peters,
who from this time became Queen Gene
vieve.- Once seated -on her : throne and
vested with authority the next and,. last
step by which the Investment of queenly
prerogatives was made complete' was the
delivery pf the city's keys. This was the
act of Mayor Harrisor. Orrln S.'Hender
son and Promotor Buckley. Once in pos
session'of the Instrument of power Queen
Genevieve dismissed the municipal offi
cers.and with a wave ot .her scepter bade
the programme go on. Then there" Was
the reading of the royal proclamation by
Prime Minister Major Gus. Grant, skirt
dancing, general vaudeville, and an | en
tertainment which held the crowd for an
hour. ¦
Onronlng the Queen.
hand in hand with Gus Grant;.,Prlme
Minister, mounted - the stand and while
the assembled multitude lost itself in re
peated cheers took her seat on the throne.
Maids in attendance and pages all-garbed
for th? occasion made Up the * scene and
completed the picture.
The Queen's eot<?rie was composed of
the following maids of honor: Miss Belle
Laogier, M;s3 Grace Jones, Mips Hazpl
Surge. Mi:?s Alice Sherman. Miss Sadie
Badplpy, Miss Geor/sria Bogue. Miss Alice
Phillips and Miss Myrtle Burnett: royal
court horaWs— Margery la Motte and
Georpiana Woolsey; court gentlemen— Joe
Bonnef. Herman Gruns-ky. Will Walden,
Andrew Russell. C. M. Adrients. Kred
Snydcr, Chester ¦Moore. Fred Harris. Har
ry Hewlett. Dr. Allen: pages— Austin Bur
ton, Austin Sperry. Mnrey--. Woods, Erie
dean Henderson; Prime-Minister, Majoc
Ous Grant; little children .who crowned
the Queen— Eleanor Young and Margaret
West by. ¦ A oj
Eight o'clock was the hour set for the ap
pearance of the Queen and her suite. That
the coronation was delayed a half hour
was not' due to the intentional 'or care
less delay of the committee in charge, but
to the eager, anxious crowd that packed
every avenue of approach to the platform
on which the throne was placed. A. s-ea
of human faces stretched across Hunter
street in front of the stand, blocking the
way of the royal procession. Five car
riages decked in carnival colors ajid bear
ing queen and escort worked a labored
*wav from the Peters house on El Dorado
and Magnolia streets to the plaza plat
form where the coronation took place.
Along the line of march the crowd
cheered th*» temporary ruler of the city.
doing her homage and showing her the
honor of a popular choice. "One vast
ovation" right along the line and It did
not cease when the plaza was reached.
Through the mass of. humanity the
Queen's suite of carriages could not make
way. A short distance from the plat
form it was found necessary to unhitch
the horses of the- foremost carriage as
well as the others. The crowd that would
not move was ready. to lend a faithful
hand to the Queen's carriage and she was
roiled along to the platform. First came
the heralds— young ladies dressed In court
costume. They raiseJ the trumpets to
their lips and although the sound came
from a somewhat distant -locality the
crowd was stilled. Court gentlemen,
ready to pave the way for the coronation,
followed and lined themselves on either
,side of the platform. Then her Majesty,
The Royal Procession.
work was primed for action. • Every
where w*»re the peach and cherry colors
of the carnival. Bands played, people
thouted in true country day fair fashion,
the grotesque spielers on the midway
brayed lustily, the vaudeville entertain
ers did their best. Not a niton nor a halt
marred the coronation which installed a
new temporary government in Stockton.
Stockton no longer enjoys a democratic
form of government. Royalty rules and
Queen Genevieve, with the keys of the
city in her hand, holds full sway.
Henderson Renominated.
WATERLOO, lowa, June ¦ 23. — Speaker
Henderson was renominated by acclama
tion to-day by the Third .District Repub
lican Convention for his tenth term as
representative In Congress. The nomina
tion was made amid great enthusiasm.
Speaker Henderson. made a short speech
of acceptance.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., June 28. — Senator'
James K. Jones, chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee, left here to
day for Kansas City. It was learned
upon high authority that Mr. Jones will
be Mr. Bryan's choice for re-election as
chairman of the National Committee. The
Senator's health is very much improved
and his close personal friends here ' be
lieve he would accept the chairmanship
again.
CHAIRMAN JONES HAS
GONE TO KANSAS CITY
LINCOLN, Nebr.. June 2S.— lf ex-Sena
tor Murphy and Richard Croker of New
York are coming to Lincoln, William J.
Bryan has no private knowledge of the
fact He said this evening he knew noth
ing about their coming of that of Con
cres««man Sulzer further than what he
read in the newspapers. He declined to
speculate on their probable mission or any
action at Kansas City. Mr. Bryan ; to-day
sat for the last photograph he will, have
taken this year. The demand for por
traits of himself and family the past week
has been enormous. Mr. Bryan gave his
final answer to the Kansas City gentle
men who have been urging him to attend
the convention. He positively refused to
attend. His only visitor to-day from out
side the State wa»- H. A. McCraney of
Sacramento. Cal., who is on his way to
the convention.
BRYAN WILL HAVE NO
MORE PICTURES THIS YEAR
NETW YORK, June 23.— Governor Roose
velt was indignant to-day at Oyster Bay.
L. L, when he learned that a couple of
newspaper photographers had been loiter
ing about his place and taking surrep
titious views of his children about the
grounds and in bathing.
"You may say, as coming from me,"
said the Governor, "that I will not tol
erate photographers coming here and
taking pictures of my children while they
are bathing. Furthermore, I will take
legal steps. If necessary, to prohibit it and
punish violators of this rule. I wish you
would give all fair warning that I will
not tolerate it. One newspaper sent a
request for me to sit for a picture on
horseback and I consented, and he seemed
satisfied with that. Shortly afterward,
while my children were in bathing In the
cove two photographers, the newspaper
one and another, crept out of the woods
and wfthout permission took snap shots.
That was not a nice thing for them to do,
particularly after I had just done a favor
in sitting myself for one of them."
The Governor said he intended to tak^
the 8:50 train in the morning on his trip
to Oklahoma.
ROOSEVELT OBJECTS TO
ACTIONS OF PHOTOGRAPHERS
Governor at every convention since ISO 2.
He was a member of the Tenth New York
¦Cavalry during the civil war and won his
V'ay from private to colonel. He came to
Michigan in 1865 and has amassed a com
fortable fortune in the lumber business in
Sagir.aw. He served one term as Con
gressman from the Eighth .Michigan Dis
trict. -
WATSONVILLE. June 28.— As a
result of a popular vote Miss
Hazel Watters has been se
lected to act as Goddess of Lib
erty at the Fourth of July cel
ebration to be held in this city. The Na
tive Daughters have selected Mrs. H. A.
Peterson to represent California.
The parade here on the Fourth promises
to be one of the beat ever held in this
city." and will be under the management
of Grand Marshal J. P. Struve, who will
have a3 his chief aids Sheriff Besse and
Tax Collector Helms. Senator John T.
Davis of Amador County will deliver the
oration.
In the afternoon there will bo a fire
men's tournament, participated in by
hose teams from Spreckeis. Salinas and
other neighboring towns. Liberal prizes
Stockton will long remember the sight
that greeted iho eyes of the thousands oj
people who packed the stands and crowd
ed Hunter street to the overflowing. The
city with its 20.CW inhabitants and the
visitors, whose number is on the increase
¦with every train, seemed centered in the
plaza. Every electric light that could
Miss Genevtere Peter*, for such she is
in private life, was placed upon the
throne of Stockton this evening and for
th«? next wifk she will reign with un
chftcked power. A beautiful figure this
riew popular queen made as rhe walked
with stately ytep. to her improvised
throne, attended by her maids of honor,
her presence heralded by the trumpeters
of the court, and followed by the minis
terial council with elevated head pieces.
Queen Gcneviove played her part with
grace and most becoming dignity. Tall
and beautiful of figure, dressed in royal
purple and imperial ermine, she wa?-tha
central figure in the first great day of the
street /air. All the other days preceding
this celebration simply led up to the coro
nation. The "blaze of glory" came to
night. It was the coronation and subse
quent entertainment. ' V, ": >
STOCKTON. June 2* —Nothing like
th? e<;rr.nation of Queen Genevieve
at Stockton to-nigrht has been seen
before in this city or any ¦ other
place in the San Joa<iuin Valley. It
was everything that it should be and
nothing that it should not The general
Fccne vas that of a gala night at the
Midwinter Fair of San Francisco, when
all was lost in a wealtb of color, unre
strained enthusiasm and an ecstacv of
Joy. .
Fpecial DiFT«t<-h to The Call.
will be awarded the winners of. the hosa
races.
The celebration here on the Fourth is
under the management of Watsonvilla
Parlor of Native Sons. The day's festiv
ities will wind up with a big display of
fireworks* in th<» evening and two dances.
Thousands Crowd Stockton s Streets to Witness
MICHIGAN REPUBLICANS
.NAME STATE TICKET
GRAND RAPIDS, June 23.— The Repub
lican State Convention wound up Its work
at dusk to r night; after almost continuous
sessions. since 10 o'clock this morning, by
placing the following ticket in nomina
tion:
Governor,; Aaron T. ¦ Bliss of Saglnaw;
Lieutenant Governor. . Orln W. - Robinson
of Houghton (incumbent); Secre
tary of State, Frederick M. Warner of
Farmington; State Treasurer. Daniel Mc-
Coy of Grand Rapids: -Auditor General.
Perry , F.-Powersv of; Cadillac; Attorney
General, Horace M. Oren of Sauit Ste.
'Marie " (incumbent); State Land
Commissioner. Edwarfl Wlldey of Paw
Paw; -Superintendent' of 'Public Instruc
tion, -Delos Fall of Albion; member of
State .Board of Education, James H.
Thompson of Osceola. ... • , •:
The platform was adopted as made pub
lic, yesterday "without a, dissenting vote. •
' When the convention adjourned for the
noon < recess one man at ; leastfacknowl
edgfd that'he was beaten. -He. was Dex-i
¦ter M.'Ferry of- Detroit, the man with the
strongest delegation ¦ and most' perfect or
ganization behind; him. Bliss was nomi
nated; on. the eighteenth ballot. . ; : /
r Colonel Bliss I has been • a : candidate for'
ST. PAUL. June 2S.^The Republican
State Convention began work a little after
the noon hour and was almost constantly
in session for eight hours. The follow
ing ticket was nominated:
Governor, Samuel R. Vansant of • Wl
nona; Lieutenant Governor, Linder A.
Smith; Attorney General, AY. B. Douglass;
Chief Justice of the Supreme . Court,
Charles M. Start; State Treasurer. Julius
Block; Secretary of State. P. S. Hanson;
Railroad Commissioner, for two years C.
F. Staples, for four years J. G. Miller and
Ira B. Mills. ¦ -
All the offices .previous to the Secretary
ship were uncontested and four were re
nominations. There were warm and
: spirited contests for the remaining offices.
United States Senator Thomas. H. Car
; ter of Montana, who was passing through
: th« city, came into the convention hall as
a spectator and was promptly called to
the platform. He spoke at considerable
length. '
"The Republican party," he said, "was
born in giving life to the declaration that
all men were created fre\ and it first
struck the shackles from four million
slaves. Within two years it has brought
the Hghl of freedom to ten millions of peo
ple. You may call it expansion or im
perialism if you please, but the Repub
licans are giving liberty to the inhabitants
of Cuba, Porto "Rico and the Philippine
Islands as niuch as they did to the blacks
of the South." - ' ? t
The platform was 'adopted -by a unani
mous vote. It is devoted chiefly to na
tional issues. It commends the
dent's administration and the work of
Congress: denounces trusts and main
tains that the. Republican party
car, and will control and suppress
them. Indorses Senator Nelson for - re
election; favors the election of Senators
by popular vote, and reaffirms the belief
in the gross earning tax system and the
taxation of foreign corporations doing
business in the State.
WORK OF MINNESOTA
§S REPUBLICAN CONVENTION
Congressman Bulzer of New. York Is
Already at Kansas City Seek
ing the Vice Presidential
Nomination.
KANSAS CITY, June 28.— Convention
signs are apparent, but not very plentiful.
No one In Kansas City talks about any
thing but the coming Democratic Na
tional Convention, and it is evident that
the gathering is to be the event of.tu*
history of the city. Preparations are/bs
ing made* to receive the crowds and the'
citizens Intend to take care of all who
may come, notwithstanding the doubts
that have existed concerning the- ability
of the city to handle a 'great national
gathering. ;; K r^ ¦;
Among the convention signs are pictures
of .William J. Bryan and the "peerless
young leader of 1536" looks alone from
many windows of the shops and hotels."
Then there are the decorations which ara
beinsr put up on the streets and about
rooms selected for headquarters of differ
ent State delegations, in the hotels the
carpets are being covered with ' canvas
ana drayioad alter drayload of cots and
bedding are being carried in. The cot Is
a sure sign of a convention:
Over at the convention hall every effort
is being made to complete the building by
Wednesday morning, and the men in
charge renew th«ir promises that the con
vention will not be delayed a minute by
reason of incomplete arrangements. . To
rugut there is much more to do, but wher
tvora man can work he is employed, so
that the prediction, of the committee will
no doubt be verified.'
As to political news relating to the con
vention there is more coming into Kan
sas City than is being found or manufac
tured here. The few Democrats who have,
arrived read the interviews .and • reports
of the leaders who are about to start for
the convention or arc on their way here,
and this -forms the basis of most of the
gossip afloat. Of course" the dispatches
lrom Lincoln have the most interest, for
everybody is anxious to know what Bryan
is talking about and what the men- say
who vis* him. There i 3 an > impression
that Bryan may come to Kansas City
daring the convention, and some- of those
now here think that the great demonstra
tion which would follow his appearance
would carry enthusiasm all over the
country and start the campaign off with
a hurrah that would be beneficial.
There is the faintest intimation that
there may he a contest over the platform.
It is known that Bryan not- only wants
the Chicago platform reaffirmed, but that
he also desires to have the 16 to 1 declara
tion reiterated as strongly as it was in
the Nebraska State- platform. There are
other Democrats who think a strong re
affirmation of the . Chicago platform in
a few words and then to pass on to "im
perialism," trusts and other new features
will be sufficient. The latter course is ad
vised as,one tending to satisfy Eastern
Democrats.
The fact that the nomination for first
place is already beyond question naturally
attracts more attention to the second
place, and there is some speculation about
the man who is, to be the Vice Presidential
candidate with Mr. Bryan. As was th»
case in Philadelphia, New York occupies
the center of the stage. Quite a number
of names have been suggested from that
one State, and one candidate, Mr. Sulzer,
already has headrfuarters ppened an'u
some enthusiastic boomers on the ground.
If Sulzer comes here after his visit to
Lincoln, with hopes : high; he will get n
freat many delegates outside his own
tate. 'New York has not Indorsed him.,
but he is said to have.:, the friendship of
Croker. There are those who will remem
ber that hearty support on the part of
the New York organization* will indicate
the desire of Croker.
No one here pretends to explain the talk
about ex-Senator Hill, 'and Western Dem
ocrats say that' his announced Intention
of comingto Kansas City for the purpose
of trying to Mcure a modification of the
platform is sufficient to take him out of
the Vice Presidential race. Hill, it was
understood by men coming direct from
Lincoln, was far * from satisfactory to
Bryan.
Other candidates are mentioned, includ
ing ex-Congressman B. F. Shiveley of In
diana. : and there is some talk about
Charles A. Towne of Minnesota, who was
nominated by the Populists with 'Bryan:
There is no doubt about the earnestness
of Towne and his friends. He has head
quarters engaged and the Silver Repub
licans will hold a convention simultan
eously with the Democratic gathering.
They and the Populists intend to impress
upon the delegates 'the ability of Towne
as a vote-getter and urge his nomination.
Two Leaders Hold Opposing
Views Concerning the
Platform.
BRYAN DOES
NOT WANT HILL
ON THE TICKET
QUEEN GENEVIEVE CROWNED
WITH ROYAL SPLENDOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, i JUNE 29, 1900.
Miss Hazel Watters Selected by Popular
Vote to Reign Over the Fourth of
July Celebration.
WATSONVILLE CHOOSES
A GODDESS OF LIBERTY
2
MISS HAZEL WAITERS CHOSEN AS GODDESS OF LIBERTY BT
POPULAR VOTE IN WATSONVILL.E.
AT AND AROUND THE 'STOCKTON STREET FAIR.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
q»M M ? H ? ? M ?? MM»MMO
! SHOES. I
+ What a joyous nams. There is
a true ring to it — a something to
T be proud of. We know what it is, +
ttrue merit That is why we shout >
for them, and you will join in
+ singing their praise after you
+ .once .wear, a pair, for they retain
+ their shape, are easy on the feet. +
4. graceful to; the eye and guaran- -#.
+ teed to wear. - -?¦
¦?• • ~ ¦+
"?" Hand-turned or welted, kid or T
i patent leather, lace or button, in +
T every style, in every size, and the + ,
+ price +
t $^|- 50 !
¦?¦ For Ladles Only.
% StNO FOR aLIISTRATCD CATALOGUE. £
We are Sole Agants Han.
t PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. $
+• B. KATCHINSKI. Proprietor. +
£ X) Third Street, San Francisco. +
»????????????»??» H-f4444»
I DR. MEYERS SCO.!
! Diseases and Weakness of Men. !!
! Largest Medical Institute 'md Host Extensive !
Practlc*. Consultation Fr«s.
I 731 MARKET STREET. SAN FRANCISCO \ ',
> Host* Cam.- ZttliifilnUßeoi.lnt. I
¦gf^^^Ltu Ido not beliere there
J^ft^^v ia b. case of dyapep-
-^fSmralSS eia, indigestion or
Fi&f ***&&> any •tomacb. troubli
lE&P 11%t hat camwrt to re-
fir . v . «^sjjy lieved at oac« end
"rW «fw~^^sJr permanently c^ired
v ~xW y Tay e>yspepsia
\,^3^ 'munto.v.
At all drussists,
9^r_*^*W]t^ti^. 25c. a rial. Guide
1 rfl^*fi£2^Sr«W to Health and mcdi-
I I realr cal adTice free - 1505
• • . Arch street. Fhila.
¦"¦ .
T}T>TTC!TJI7Q FOR BARBERS. BAR-
brtwer*. bookbinders, candy-makers, "no*"-
Astra. Sourmliit. loundxle*. laur.drte*. PWjr-
tinsers. printers painters. »hoe factories. at«»
blcxcen. tar-roorer*. tanner*. taUorm. ota.
UUCtIANA.S BROS..
Brtuh Manutacturari, 609 Sacr»m«nt« SIAtlanta Mine Sold.
Ftrrisl DUrctcii to TT.e Call
DOISE. Idaho. June IS.— Frank T. Daly,
ttoe Colorado ' mialng it.llzi', to-day wired
Six English Officers and
Eighty-Seven Men Killed
in the Attack.
Eebsls Reported to Be in Strength
Hear Fomen Where Severe
Fig-bting 1 Is Expected Soon
to Occur.
LONDON, June 2S.— Advices received
hfre to-day from Prahsu. Ashanti. under
current date, say Jhe telegraph line lias
been reopened to Pumsu and that Colonel
Will cock's force- will move immediately.
Colonel Burroughs, with 500 men. is ex
pected to reach Bekwai in two days.
"The rebellious Ashantls are reported to
to in Ftrcngth near Fomen, where se
vere fighting is < xycted.
CAPE COAST CASTLE. June 28.—
Colonel Carter left Kiawassa on the
morning cf June 26 with the intention cf
reinforcing Captain Hall at Bekwal with
400 ::..:.. 13J0 carriers, a seven-pounder
and a Maxim. When half a mile from
DompoasFi he v.cs fired upon heavily
from the bush. Captain Ronpt-H and sev
eral men fell at the nrst tire.
The casing of the water Jacket split
after half an hour's firing, and nine men.
including Lieutenant Edwards, who
¦were working th»? «;ven-pounder. were
Silt out nf action half an hour later,
tajor Wilkinson was shot. The force
then charged the bushes, and discovered
a -vtcckade thirty yards distant !ir the
hush ro carefully concealed that Its «?x
is;pnce could not bo suspected. The
blockade was carried at the point of the
bayonet, rr.d the force retired.
The casualties were f«x officers and
ol?rlity-seven men. The enemy's loss was
JUiy killed and many wounded. It •was
istimated that the natives numbered
10.000. Jialf of 'whom had muskets.
RELIEF FORCE
IS AMBUSHED
BY ASHANTIS
PARIS, June 23.— Flrmln Faure. Na
tionalist, attacked the Government In the
Chamber of Deputies to-day on the sub
ject of the changes in the general staff
since the resignation of, General, 'th^
Marquis de Gallifet, as Minister of War.
He declared that General Andre, the new
Minister of War. was appointing heads of
departments and other officers of tha.gen
eral staff over the head of General De
lanne. the chief of the general staff,
¦which, he claimed, -was a violation of tha
rules. M. Faure, who was frequently in
terrupted by protests from the Left, also
declared that General Andre had appoint
ed a notorious friend ,of Lieutenant Col
onel Plcquart to a post on the staff and
evidently wished to reopen the Dreyfus
question. The Deputy was more than
once called to order for unparliamentary
language.
General Andre replied ; that the • matter
had been magnified and - misrepresented.
General Delanne. he explained, did offer
his resignation on his making the staH,
but, he added, his resignation was not in
tended as a- protest- and when General
Andre ordered him to remain at his post
General * Delanne replied .that he would
obey like. a soldier. The Minister of War
added that he was determined to enforce
respect for military discipline and to re
pruss any tendency toward Infraction
thereof. He concluded with eulogizing the
army. . ,
The House approved the statement of
General Andre by. a*, vote of 300 to 220.
Minister of War in Keply States That
the Situation Is Being Greatly
Magnified and Mis
represented. •
Says He Is Appointing Offi
cers Over the Head of .
Delanne.
FAURE MAKES
BITTER ATTACK ON
GENERAL ANDRE
from New York that the deal for the sale
of the Atlanta Mountain mines had been
consummated. This is a $500,000 transac
tion. The principal mine on the mountain,
the Pettit. goes for $130,000. It is the in
tention of the purchasers to put a 250
stamp mill on tne mountain, which they
buy in its entirety. The plant will be one
of the largest in the United States.
SWEARS TO REGARD HIS
MARRIAGE AS MORGANATIC
Sacrifice Made by Archduke Franz
Ferdinand to "Wed the Lady
of His Choice.
VIENNA, June 28.— The Archduko
Franz Ferdinand, former heir to the
throne and nephew of the Emperor, at
the Hofburg to-day in the presence of the
Emperor. Archdukes. Ministers and state
dignitaries took a formal oath that he
and his future wife (the Princess Chctek)
will both regard their marriage as mor
ganatic. Consequently his wlie will never
assume the position of Empress and th»
children by their marriage will never
claim the right of succession.
Count Goluchowski, the Minister of
Foreign Affairs, read the documents. The
Archduke then advanced to a crucifix on
the table and placed his fingers on the
Testament which was held by the Cardi
nal Archbishop. After taking the oath
the Archduke signed the documents. The
marriage will occur Sunday.
FINANCIAL SITUATION IN
RUSSIA IS ALARMING
Many Firms Failing end a General
Feeling 1 of Insecurity Exists in
. the Empire.
LONDON. June 2S.— A dispatch from
Moscow to the Westminster Gazette says
the Boxer troubles and the death of Count
Jiuravicft have greatly accentuated the
difficulties of the financial situation in
Russia, which is in such a critical state
as to arouse the gravest anxiety. The
list of good firms falling lengthens
and the sense of insecurity and fear of
something •worse to come have caused
vast sump to be temporarily withdrawn
from the market. In Moscow alone with
in two months, Jt is stated on good au
thority. 820.000,000 rubles, most of which
t.um was prevlausly In currency, hss been
lodged in the Imperial bank without In
terest for safety.
The Fourth at Canton.
CANTON. Ohio, June 28.— The greatest
Fourth of July celebration in this part of
the State will be held here' this year.
President McKinley, General Joe Wheeler
and other notables will be here."- Admiral
Dewey has said he will come If be goes
anywhere that day. The Spanish cannon
from Santiago will be presented to . the
City and President MclClnlcy will speak.
ernor Dole, which has already been pub
lished, and handed it to the new Secre
tary of the Territory. Then the oath of
office was administered by Chief Justice
Frear. Mr. Dole raised his right hand
and repeated after the Chief Justice the
words of the oath, promising to support
the constitution and laws of the Unite*
States, and of the Territory of Hawaii,
ar.d to conscientiously and impartially'
discharge his duties as Governor of the
Territory. A -wave of applause swept
over the throng as Mr. Dole finished
speaking and stooped to afllx his signa
ture to the oath.
Immediately after signing the oath Gov
ernor E>ole gave his inaugural address. It
was a difficult matter to speak to such a
throng from such a platform. The sun,
which was about as tropical as it ever
is in Honolulu, beat down upon the
speaker and most of the audience, and
now and then a gust of wind sent clouds
of fine dust 0% - er all. The Governor spoke
slowly and clearly, his remarks be'ir.g now
and then interrupted by applause, as he
ppoke of the harmonious union of races
that should come from the opportunities
of the future, and of American citizen
ship.
Before the applause had ceased after
the address. Captain Berger's band struck
up the "Star Spangled Banner," and the
members of the Cabinet rose in their
places with uncovered heads. The band
led the Hawaiian National Guard in re
view past the Governor, the musicians
taking up a place in front, while the men
marched to the drill shed, where the>
were disbanded. The military made a
most creditable showing, and several of
the companies were applauded for their
good marching as they passed in front of
the building.
The military review ended the formal
ceremonies of the day. The Governor and
the man of the hour, and around him
were men who had stood by his side on
both the ether occasions. In front of the
building and around it were the same
crowds, and none who had been in Ha
waii long encuph could fail to be remlnd
td by the ceremonies of to-day, at least
of those of I&3S. The splendid p.olaoe that
has become famous all ever America en
account of its cornoctirm with the history
of Hawaii, and the history of America's
iirst experiment in expansion, was deco
rated as 5n '35. It was ablaze with the
red. white and blue and crowded with
jMHjpie. many of them now newly made
citizens of the Tnited States. The Stars
and Stripes were on all the lanais. in all
the windows, and they made brilliant all
the grand stands, and a huge American
liag Coated on the FtafT above.
On Governor Dolt's right, as he faced
the throng, was a stand In which were
the representatives of foreign Govern
ments. It was bright v.ith color and
crowded with the various Consuls and
their families. On t-he other side there
was another special grand stand. In which
cx-ofSc!a!s cf ihe Government and other
prominent citizens were seated.
Very promptly at 10 o'clock the Gover
nor, with hi:- .«'¦'.¦! Cabinet and staff offi
cers and the Chief Justice entered the
central grand stand, and there was no
iclav In besrinning the ceremonies. Prayer
In- the Rev. Tlmoteo. a native preacher,
was the first on the programme. The
1 *fople stood with uncovered heads while
the minister askf-d a blessing on the new
Territory and its officers, and gave thanks
for the "blessings of the past. It seemed
a fitting commer cement that one of the
Hawaiian race should be flrst to open the
day's programme with prayer.
Minister Mott-Smith read the commis
sion sent by President McKlnley to Gov-
hts Cabinet left the grand stand and en
tered the building, to hold a reception In
the old throne room. The whole crowd
surged forward to follow the Governoi
and staff and grasp the hand of the flrst
American Governor of the Islands and his
executive. Governor Dole, with Colonel
Soper and the members of the executive,
stood in the center of the floor of th«r. j
beautiful throne room, whose walls and:
pictures have looked down upon many a!
similar scene,, while the people entered
at one door, passed by the offlclaJs and
shook their hands. For two hours there
was a constant stream cf people passing i
where the Governor stood, and his arm
v.-as weary with vigorous shakings lons
before the last citizen had spoken the
few words of congratulation that were
repeated over and over again. It seemed i
that all the citizens of Honolulu had ,
come to shake hands with the new offi
cials. Scarcely a prominent citizen was
absent, and the foreign Consuls also
joined the throng. Their offices all cease
to-day as representatives commissioned
to the republic of Hawaii. Consul Gen- ]
eral Yang Wai Pin a.nd Vice Consul Goo
Kirn, representatives of the Emperor jf j
Japan, were conspicuous in the gather
ing.
Appointments Announced.
Governor Dole has made the. following
appointments: E. P. Dole,' Attorney Gen.
era.l; J. A. McCandless, Superintendent ot
Public Works- A. T. Atkinson, Superin
tendent of Public Instruction: J. Y.
Brown. Commissioner of Public Lands;
H. C. Austin. Auditor: H. C. Meyers. E>pp.
uty Auditor; A. M. Brown, High Sheriff;
W. D. Alexander, Surveyor; A. T. Hawes
Jr., private secretary. "
The office of Treasurer of the Terri
tory is yet to be filled. Henry E. Coopet
Is serving temporarily.
The American four-masted steel bark Erskine M, Phelps was the great center of attraction In Honolulu on June 14.
The handsome new vessel arrived from Manila on that day and as soon as Captain Graham learned the occasion of
the general rejoicing he had the ship decked from stem to stern. Strange to say the Phelps carried a lot of ballast that
served as a reminder of the days when the United States started forth to conquer the Spaniards. Her hold was full
of old Iron from the hulls of the vessels that were sent to the bottom by Dewey's fleet in Manila Bay. The Phelps was
originally to have gene to New York with sugar, but her destination has been changed and she will come to San Fran
cisco to lead wheat for Europe.
ARRIVED AT HONOLULU ON INAUGURATION DAY.
Guard Beaten Into Insensibility snd
One Han Reported to Have -
Be«a Shot. V*> ?
MINNEAPOLIS. June 2S.— The military
prisoners at Fort Snelling made ' a des
perate attempt to escape feist night.
While Private Wlnn was. g\BsrrHng a
squad of prisoners he >ias Lcicked by a>
mule, and the prisoners, tnking advan
tage of Winn's condition, grabbed his
rifle, beat hi'n into insensibility, and fled.
The garrison was immediately mus
tered and pickets were thrown -In every
direction. Privates Littler, Ashton and
Banderdeate were recaptured, but Pri
vate Atlie is still at large. Private Mc-
Geagh, who escaped en Tuesday, was
recaptured. Many shots were fired and
It is said that at least one man was se
riously wounded, although the post of
ficers refuse to give out any informa
tion on that point. A part of the Eighth.
Regiment Is stationed at Fort Snelling.
Veterans Entertained.
SAXTA CRUZ, June 2S.— The Grand
Army posts had charge of Camp Wallace
Reynolds to-day. This evening: the as
sembly tent was crowded. A programme
of music, speeches a^d recitations was
rendered. This afternoon the members of
the local Woman's Relief Corps gave a
luncheon at their headquarters. There
are now about 400 in camp. Two hundred
more are ejected next week.
PRISONERS MAKE A
brea:< for liberty
HOXOLCT.TJ. June 21.— The last of
throe great epoch-marking events
In the Wltorj? of the annexation
of the Hawaiian Islands to the
United Rtatos of America took
place en the Uth Inst., when Governor
Banford 11. Dole, first executive of the
new American Territory, was Inaugu
rated. The oath of office was taken and
the 'riaupura.l r^dress delivered on the
spot that was the scene cf the other two
events— the reading: of the all-Important
proclamation of '93 and the flag-raising of
*SS. Governor Dole was sworn In' and
spoke to i he' people of Hawaii from the
ste^s of the building where seven years
ago he f.rrt appeared as the leader! and
where for the first time an actual begin
r.ir.s -was made 5n negotiations Tvith the
.American Government for annexation,
ard In the same Fpot nearly two years
ago a vast crowd gathered to see Ameri
can officers hoist the Stars and Stripes
ever the Government building, this time
never to be hauled down.
Many cf the same men were there to
day that took leading parts in '93 and '9S.
President Dole, the central fig-are In each
cf the other two gatherings, was again
Last of the Three Kpoeh-Marking Events in
the History of the Annexation
of Hawaii.
DOLE FORMALLY TAKES
THE OATH OF OFFICE
PROHIBITIONISTS SELECT
STANDARD-BEARERS
John G. Woolley of Illinois Nominated for
President and Henry B. Metcalf
for Vice President
LONDON, June 29. — Lord Roberts has
sent bulletins of two small fights, occur
ring on June 26 and June 27, In which the
Boers were discomfited.- In a ¦ dispatch
from Pretoria, dated yesterday, he says:
"A small force of mounted troops with
two guns, commanded by Lieutenant Col
onel Dreiper, was attacked by 'the enemy,
under Prefers and Nel, on the morning
of June 26, seven mjles north of Senekal.
They beat off the enemy and burned their
laager. Our casualties were three wound
ed and ten killed.
1 "Hunter, .temporarily commanding lan
Hamilton's brigade, made one march yes
terday from Heidelberg toward Frank
fort without meeting any opposition.
"The enemy attacked our Roodval
Spruit" post on the railway yesterday, but
were easily beaten off by a detachment
of the Derbyshire Light Infantry, .the
West Australian Mounted Infantry, a 15
pounder and an armored train.
"Baden-Powell reports the capture of
an influential Boer named Ray, who 'was
endeavoring to raise a commando in the
Rustenburg district. A patrol brought in
over a hundred rifles. More than 4900
rllles and 1000 small v/eapons have been
taken during the last few days. He 'states
that thirty Boers have arrived at Rusten
burg, going to their homes from De
larey's commando. They would have left
before if they had seen the proclamation,
which was carefully withheld by Boer
authority."
Lord Roberts says that "Wednesday,
June 27; was a record market day in Pre
toria for Boer farmers selling produce.
Parties of Boers still hapg on Buller's
flanks. F. R. Burnham, the American
scout. Is invalided.
The Pretoria correspondent of the Daily
Telegraph, in a dispatch dated yesterday,
says:
"Since Sunday General French on the
left. General lan Hamilton on the right
and the Eleventh Division in the center
have been endeavoring to surround the
enemy's position in the hills, fifteen miles
east. " There was fighting for three days,
but Tuesday night the enemy decamped,
groins eastward. The total casualites were
under 150."
Baden-Powell Reports the Capture of
an Influential Afrikander While
Seeking to Raise a
Command.
Prefers and Nel Attack Near
Senekal, but Are
Beaten Back.
LORD ROBERTS
DEFEATS BOERS
IN TWO FIGHTS
different. For Vice President three can
didates were balloted for— H. B. Metcalf.
Thomas R. Caskardon of XVe*t Virginia
and Rev. E. L. Eaton of lowa — Mr. Met
calf receiving an overwhelming majority
of the votes cast.
Immediately after the announcement of
the result of the ballot for the Presiden
tial nomination Dr. Swallow was proposed
as the Vice Presidential nominee. The
convention went wild over *he suggestion,
but Dr. Swallow after a hurriea confer
ence with the Pennsylvania delegation,
refused to accept the nomination.
Durtng to-day s session Chairman Stew
art of the national committee called for
contributions for the campaign and over
$7000 was realized in a few minutes.
A mass-meeting of Prohibitionists was
held in the armory to-night at which a
number of speeches were made, includins
short addresses by Mr. Woollev and Mr.
Metcalf.
WOOLLEY AND METCALT.
CHICAGO. June 2S.— John G. Woolley
was born at Collinsvllle. .Ohio. February
15, IS3O. He was graduated from the
Ohio Wesleyan University In IS7I, prac
ticed law in Paris. 111.. Minneapolis and
New York until VO9i when he became &
Prohibitionist and from accepting occa
sional invitations to ppeak on the subject
of the "liquor traffic drifted out of the
practice of his profession into the lecture
field. He has resided in Chicago since
1532.
Henry B. Metcalf of Rhcde Inland. Pro
hibition nominee for Vice President, v.-as
bern seventy-one years ago. He is presi
dent of the Providence County Savings
Bank and superintendent of the Sunday
school of the Church of Our Father in
Pawtncket. R. I. Mr. Metcalf was former
ly a Republican, but Join»*rl the Prohibi
tion parly several years apo anil has been
prominently identified with that party
since. He has b*>en the candidate for
Governor several times. .
_HE SAS; FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, 29, 1900.
JOHNG. WOOLLEY OF ILLINOIS. WHO HAS BEEN* NOMINATED
FOR PRESIDENT BY THE PROHIBITION NATIONAL, CONVENTION.
CHICAGO. June 28.— The Prohibition
National Convention adjourned sine
die to-day after having placed In
nomination for President John G.
Woolley of Illinois and for Vice
President Henry B. Metcalf of Rhode
Island. The nominations in each instance
were made on the first ballot. Only two
candidates for the Presidential nomina
tion were balloted for, Mr. Woolley and
Rev. Silas C. Swallow of Pennsylvania.
Hale Johnson of Illinois withdrawing his
name at the last moment and throwing
his strength to Mr. Woolley. This un
doubtedly had a great effect on the re
sult, as the convention earlier in the day
had been nearly stampeded for Swallow
by an eloquent speech 0/ Homer L. Castle
or Pittsburgr. and had the friends of the
Pennsylvania clergyman forced a ballot
at that time the result might have beei:
3
The Income from tho Monte Carlo gam-
ingtables for the past year reaches over
JC0.000.000.
'wi\ \\ \ I ES » that's the whole story of this sale, except— we might %& i
v£i SI Afilfff m W\ SSSI (mtel ' I Urfl! add — there are some good overcoats to be had at the gv'^i
••^1 • J M ' f rUPiI Ifi k i ¦ IIU same low P rice - When we sa y a § ood Sllit or overcoat - M'-M
%r'M \$ / ill Sf j|U J I}] *g$ liKMiiJu we mean that it is your moneys worth, that it will 3'J>/
i'i't MjflJ ' J ' 1! 11 \% wear to your satisfaction, that it will look well while it wears and |>' : ;
$5 I jji j J HI II Mso please you that you would like the clothes duplicated at the pfc-J
&:* j I I I i|l|Bi| f price at your next purchase. ¥/.[}¦
: v : 'if /'iCI \ \ I M lifjP®' Il ' There's where we might fail, because these are $12.50 and j& f-£
' l \iffl wljllls M 'ji I SPnir I Siyoo suits, whose sizes became broken in some patterns, so to | : jj
s': I X* '¦ iffiM 'N I U^Axill 111! U J i Clear them out we cut the P rices down to fe->;
•£'1 |i II 11l tliliiSlSl PH Maybe when you will want your next suit or overcoafwe | .y.
''"-fl ll I SSW-'ll WM rm? ht not be in a po sition to give you quite as good a value as we |>X
%' I ll 'L*4fimlHl II 11 do^ now - But jt is the P resent that y° u are interested in > ff£
'?- 1 11 "Hi I I wiWßrHr iH The suits » allhou S h the sizes are broken in some patterns, as a whole v^ ly
S'i'U tH -SB' IMBIi li Sl contain all sizes. The assortment of materials is cheviots, serges and clay g '.fj
'•'£11 IH ii! I \l>alir'sl f li : ll worsteds in single and double breasted styles. Taking the overcoats all in all, f& iC
'&M II H if'willW I !•! they contain all sizes, too; they comprise kerseys, coverts, oxford grays ana p 7,;
'-''*JI fi Hi in iflw I ftl! If Kn cheviots. These juits and overcoats are union made and fully guaranteed. j '..':*
li 1 11 fill H " Men's Trousers M
•'•'/•'H wM Ull If 1111 l I Hfl r\"|Pijl#7E want to lay particular stress upon our $4.oo dress trousers. Totgive f.f.
$11 IS Ha Mil lIP! I 'ft 111 \>A^/ a pair of good dress pants for $4.00 is one of our specialties. .The gK/.
fePl 1-1 I I'll! Iil! 3 Wk VflN^ pants are fancy striped worsted and fine quality cheviot, in ajrreat $£
•''*ia B'i . i mil Blilli I i*! variety of patterns, each suitable for wear with a dark coat ortvest. J '!X;
';'-Il li * I li lB I ' H-- Our special price of these five-dollar trousers is f;\
?|| || ill HI || Boys' Middy Suits |ff{
f ' : *'m oil S ! ii SIP I W? &P5l OST all boys undfreightyears old look well in middy suits, and most all mothers. \'?;\
•;•"•" B3 K : w W 1 HI jsraS II K-e /tStf\ w e think, are glad to get a good middy suit for a low pric-. We are selling | •'/}
"•'/•'ls g;H I M - W'fjg rWb //mU middy suits of blue cheviot— that strong, long- wearing material; jacket has a « ;-V
*-'7frd H : 3 m Mil BUjiilf B-| . **fii!| ils:i|iii 15 : i|ii sailor collar, with rive rows of soutache trimming and the veste; Is similarly '•',
"''> ii aft JshJJ .^s^w& 1 J&TS " • trimmed; the trimmings come in whits, black, light and dark blue, green, etc.; tf •;• :
UYfik the pants are v:ry strongly sewed and have a neat buckle at the knee; ages three to eight IS : /.
Si I iSilSlilll 111 • Hats Silk Front Shirts ||
£.;pf I Piliili-^^ v ere is a good chance to get pOR a light, cool, comfortable and, at the same time, g:i;
')-'¦/'& \'^ !^^o^' !^^^ !^^m acquainted with our hat *^ stylish, scft shirt, you '.»'.
•;('.'! i I lflll i?|i HSn limumiliillt It lirml? P cdopas — Oracco9 ~ silk front exactly, even to the small- "^^S^ % '-'}'¦
:-1:|l 'PiiW^^^li!! ' pearl ¦ black . cst detail. Ths shirts coins in broad | %
r,*"- 1 [a !: I TJ^v^O ii black brown and narrow stripes. In n;at. delicate si=g^§gggg jZ^^smZlLfE^ I *''
m'-'bl iil !!!l!lii JBa ?ii!llll brown c;dar colors that look well In silk-pink, i *\'£
li hihuaiilll . « 3 « i?£, b ££. T J2;cS||^^aa li
£ 1 rirfcl? We tak = the remnants from our tailoring depart- "7 cc l 3rtic ' Jl3r!y d?slrabls at iSSSI^i I
*''-M "^ II ' rnent and make them into golf caps. The remnants |£T/» v ZMw?^^ F^g|fi^*V= =j= ; ;'-P
• ;^|a f* *-*¦*-*.*-+ would be a waste if we did not use them. We lO'v <^ t f\(\ . x^ = ~7 _ sflTt^-ZT-ttmZ?* ~ >':• :
' : :'-M W*3O^ charge only for the making— you get a 50c cap for tpI.XJVJ each ==IsP§^S^~-~~^=S g >;- *
I TlB Market Street; I §v|REPAYMENT OF TAXES
PAID UNDER PROTEST
Controller Colgan Stys They May B«
Returned Without the Taxpayer
Obtaining Judgment.
The State Controller Bent a communi
cation to Auditor Wells yesterday rela
tive to the taxes patd under protest ' on
assessments of bonds of domestic quasi
public corporations. The Controller says;
It Is the evident contemplation of the law
that the owner of any property who may claim
that his assessment is void and who pays the
taxes under protest, shall obtain a Judgment.
It appears to me. however, that under section
3SM, Political Code, the Board of Supervisors
may orooeed- to refund to the owners of do
mestic quasi-public bonds, the assessment of
which has been declared Illegal, the amounts
as taxes paid without requiring a Judjrment of
the court in each case, and thus puttlnK . the
owners to additional expense and Inconvenience
The proposition to repay these taxes out of the
receipts of the next fiscal year is a matter en
tirely within the concern of your Board of
Supervisors. '•. . • • . <*
sltion of wharfinger, which pays $125 a
month, and to which he was but recently
appointed. fjtnfWXlimjiimi
Supervisor Braunhart waa serenaded
last evening by. a large number of his
friends anC supporters at his residence,
7C2A Harrison street, A band engaged
the attention of the neighbors for nearly
two hours and the -new .Supervisor feel
ingly responded to the cheers of his
friends, by pledging, his. efforts to the ad
vancement of the southern section of the
city.
SAMUEL , BRAUNHART.
The Market Street and .Eureka Valley
Improvement , Club has filed a petition
with the Supervisors asking for a change
of upper Market street. The petition
states that a change of grade between
Octavla . and Fifteenth streets would b<»
of vast benefit to all Interested parties
TJie reason for wishing the change made
at, this time is that there are no expen
sive buildings on the frontage of the prop
erty to be affected by a lower rrada.
Upper Market Street Grade.
mayor phelan makes two
important Appointments
Next Saturday evening the members of
Templar Rebekah Lodare, I. O. O. F., will
give the last party under the direction of
the present noble grand, Mrs. Dale War
ford, who will retire from that office after
a successful term on the 7th of July. On
the night of that day the recently elected
noble grand and other officers will be in
stalled for the ensuing term in public.
The committee having charge of the last
Warford reception to the friends of the
lodge will present an exceptionally fine
programme of entertainment.
Templar Rebekah Lodge.
The Original Little Beneficencta Pub]ica
Co* of S«n Francisco. NumbiPs
' for 28. 1900.
No. 74,614 wins |3. a0, sold In San Franclnco,
Cal.: No. 42.823 wins J12&0. sold In Oakland,
Cal. ; No. 85.3A5 wins $625, sold In San Francisco,
Cal.: Nc». 40.T33, 46.792, r,2,3!i5. f.0.642 and.Cs.iWB
each wins $62 SO, cold in San Francisco and
Sacramento, Cal.
MAYOR MAY VISIT THE
PARIS EXPOSITION
His Physician Advises That He Take
a Brief Best From His Official
Cares.
Mayor Phelan stated yesterday that he
might visit the Paris Exposition during
the sixty days' leave of absence granted
htm by the Board of Supervisors. He
will leave for Kansas. City this morning
to attend the Democratic National Con
vention and at its close will proceed to
New York. While In the latter city he
will make up his mind whether he ¦will
"cross the pond" or return to the cares
of political office.
The Mayor says that he is beginning to
feel the need of rest, and hla physician
has advised a surcease from his onerous
duties. He will in all probability accom
pany his sister. Miss Phelan, who Is an
invalid, to Nauheim, Germany, to which
place she has been ordered by her doc
tors. His Honor feels- that the city can
spare him, as all important municipal
work has been accomplished for the pres
ent.
MONEY FOR DESTITUTE
WOMEN AND CHILDREN
Mayor Phelan Collects the Henry
• Windel Baquest and Turns It
Over to the Supervisors.
Mayor Phelan yesterday forwarded to.
the Board of Supervisors a check on the
Union Trust Company for 116,220 09, being '
the amount received from tho estate of
Henry Windel and bequeathed to the
Mayor and Board of Supervisors In trust
to Invest it to the best -. advantage and
from time to time to pay the interest ac
cruing therefrom to destitute women and
children.
In a communication the. Mayor says:
"This Is substantially the same terms on
which the city accepted the Robinson be
quest. The Robinson fund has been in
vested In mortgages on real estate in this
city and county. This money should be
invested In the same manner, but for the,
present I suggest that it be divided among
the leading savings banks in the .Judg
ment of the Finance Committee, where it
¦will draw Interest."
Superintendent Vining Appealed To.
At a meeting of the Eureka Valley and
Park Lane Tract Improvement Club last
night, President R. A. Daniels drew the
attention of the club to what he consid»
ered would b« of advantage to the resi
dents of the Eureka Valley. The ques
tion is to obtain from Superintendent Vin
lng a system by which transfers can be
exchanged both ways between the Castro
street cars and those of the San Fran
cisco and San Mateo trolley line at Cas
tro and Eighteenth. President Daniels'
remarks were well received by the club
members, and in order to bring the quea.
tion fully and fairly to the attention of
Superintendent Vinlng the following com
mittee was appointed: A. Jefferys, R. A.
Daniel 3, G. Mcßride, M. Mibach, A. Eric
son. Joe McDonald and D. I. "Wyatt. This
committee will call on the Market street
combine's agent during the present week,
when it is hoped the favors will be
granted.
: iTF.U/i. June IS. — McDonald waa set
down for bad ridln* on Alex at Fort Erie to
day. Uepults:
t-ix furlongs— Winepress won. Jennie eecond
Dewubridora third. Time. 1:16>».
Hair v. :!«•¦-!. !a Quicklime won. Miss Krtndle
*«eond. Lightning Flash third. Time, :SIVi.
Half mile— lxlla Barr won, Lizzie A second
Mudder third. Time. :<9 3-5.
Five furionrs— Ethel wheat won. Fleche dOr
second. Th« Copper third. Time, 1:61
One mil*" — I'haroah won. Alex second, Baru»
nay third. Time. i:«S^. -
fix furlonpn— Sprln«?weii won. Quaver Becond
Glad Hand third. Time. 1:144.
CHICAGO. June ».— Mort of the talent at
•Washington Park tr>--lay thought the route
was too much for Sidney L>uca« in the mile
handicap and h* was « to 1 In th* betting. Fly
by-NUrht »x>ins 2 to 1 and a big plunge on AI
o«5o making that colt ptcord choice at 7 to
2. Tulla Fonso refuted to tireak and was prac
tically left when the field was wnt away.
Around the first turr. Eva Rice opened up a
Ms: Rap. but was Fteaiiily overhauled by Alcedo
and Kly-by-sCight. F;dney L>ucas had In the
meantime be**n keeplnjc clo«e up and on the
lar turn Btillman cut loose with him. From
that moment it wa» all over. The Derby mlt
ran eround his fi'M and was leading into the
Ftretrh. comfnc home sn easy winner, with
Aic-edo. badly ridden by Devln. (wond and
Eva Rlee third. Fly-by-Nlght ran poorly. Re
*UlU: ;..>;
Mile and V> yards, selllne— Bermuda Prince
«-on. • Espionage second. Honeywood third
Tine. l:«S*i.
Four and a half furlnne»— Golden Age won,
Ellrerdale second. Small Jack third. Time. :L4%.
The Engiewood stakes, one mile — The Lady
»•"•. Tfae SDrite second. I^arksDur third. Time
1:42U
Handicap, one mil* I—Sidney1 — Sidney Iyuras won, Al
cedo woond, Hva Hlee third. Time, 1:41*1.
Fix furlonps— May IVach won, Alg-aretta sec
ond. 6!y third. Time. 1:14.
. Kile and 50 yards.. eeUlng—lAAy Meddlesome
t.-mj. Scales second, Cogmoosey third. Time.
1:45 H.
CINCIJTNATI. June 2S.— Trasefly anfl Bonnie
Lisfak trere the only winning favorites at La
tonla to-day. Henry Elmmone trainer of J.
A. Maxwell's stable, claimed Silver Coin out
of the third race for $1000 from Settle & Co.
Ker-jHs:
Six furlongs, eell ir.)?— Full Dress won, Katie
Ttutherford second, Georg* H. Ketcham third.
Ttine. 1:1SH- ¦ 3
Five furlonfrs — Bonnie Llssak won. May Cher
ry second. Queen Carnival third. Time, IHS2V&.
One mile— Tragedy wen, Eauber second, Un
rijrhtly third. Time, 1:41%.
Bellini?, out and a quarter miles — Aberei?ate
•wen Kins' Klkwood second, Ths Doctor third.
Time, J:o9i4.
i-ive fcrloncs— Pirate of Penzance won, John
R. Allen second. Whttfeld third. Time 1:03^4.
Rlx furlonirs. selling — Violet Parsons won.
Kl'anoT Holme* second, Sackatucky third.
Time, 1:14%.
ST. LOUIS. June ».— Result* at fair
ground* :
Sdl!r,g, en« m'.le ana seventy yarfi*— W. B.
-Gates 'Won. M:si Loretta second. Jim Turney
third. Tiro*. 1:«%.
Selling five furlcr^s— Sard won. Belde eec
end Harry Pulllara third. Time, VM%
One m'.le and one-tlxteeoth — Tlckful won.
WaikenEhkw second. Imperious third. Time.
Boulevard rtake, value $10fi0. one mile and
wventy yard"— Caprca won. Dr. Walmaley eec
ond. King's Highway third. Time, 1:« H.
Five and one-half furlomrs — Mls« Mac Day
wen Belle of Memphis second, Dr. Cave third.
Time. 1:22^4.
Belling, tlx furlongs— Th*- Light won. Neck-
Lace second, Lady Canon third. Time, 1:16 V
NEW YORK. June 28.— The chief event
cf the day at Sheepshe»d Bay was the
Spendthrift stake. In -which David Gar
rick was a hot favorite, although Prince
of Melbourne had a lot of backing. At
the fall of the flag Contestor went out
to make the running and was soon three
lengths to the good with the others dlg
ririg alorg behind. Coming Into the
Ftroteh Prince of Melbourne came up with
a rush and gradually overhauled the
loader, winning, ridden out by a neck.
The favorite was unplaced. Results:
Five furlongs, selling— Onflurdli won, Prin
rwi OtilMe second. Guesswork third. Time.
I:C4.
On* mile— Ten CanCles won. Toddy second,
EmnbfheU third. Tlrae, 1.29 S-5.
June stake, five and one-half furtong»—Hol
ftein won Olympian second. Gold Heels third.
Time. I:K*%.
The Spendthrift, irlle and an eighth— Prince of
Melbourne won. Contestor second, Ilflrim third.
Tim; I:J3 2-6.
Six furlong* — t**d«vUle won. Wax Taper
FeconiJ The Corinthian third. Time, 1:15 i-5.
One and one-sixteenth mflea, on turf— Jack
Polct won. Montanic second, Maximo Gomez
third. Time. 1:«* S-5.
WINS BY A NTEXTK.
Crack Shots to Meet.
Clarence Nauman and Clarence 4 Height,
two of the best known trap shots'in CalU
fornia.- will shoot a special match at 100
Uve pigeons this afternoon, commencing
Et 1 o'clock. The match .will be decided
on the grounds of the San Francisco Trap
Hhooting Association. Ingfleside.
REIFFS WIN AT.T,
American Jockeys Capture Every
Race They Start In.
LONDON, June 28.— The Reiff brothers
at the Brighton June meeting to-day won
all the races in which they participated.
The Shoreham plate was won by Eller
ham, with J. Reiff in the saddle. Thirteen
horses started.
The Relchling plate of 200 sovereigns for
three-year-olds was won by Lady Derry,
ridden by L,. Relff. Three horses ran.
The Port Said plate, a selling welter
handicap of 100 sovereigns for three-year
olds and upward, was won by Leather-
Ftookingr, with L.. Relff up. Clun, ridden
by J. Irl. Martin, waa second.. Four horses
ran.
The Brighton hadicap was won by In
timldator, ridden by L. Relff. Six horses
ran.
One pound sterling ($5) Invested In L.
Reiff's first mounts would have accumu
lated £1386 for the day.
The Southwick plate of 100 sovereigns
for two-year-olds was won by Fairy F,
ridden by L. Reiff. Eight horses ran.
Board of Public Works Will Submit
Ordinance on the Subject to
Supervisors.
The Board of Public Works sent a com
munication to -the Mayor yesterday re
garding the policy of the board In the
lpatter of old material removed from
streets being repaired. The board ex
plains its action in allowing the architects
of the building now being constructed at
Market and McAllister streets to retain
the old six-inch curbing. The contractors
promised to substitute twelve-inch curb-
Ing and to replace the asphalt sidewalk
with artificial stone, and as the change
was of benefit to the city, the board as
sented. Tha letter continues:
While thlsHDoard assumes the city's owner-
Ship of curbs, it is not enttrely assured as to
the correctness of this opinion. The City and
County Attorney Is asked for his opinion. The
board Is preparing for consideration of the Su
pervisors the form of an ordinance, -which shall
authorize the sale, upon the ground, of old
street material, displaced by new construction,
when the material has not sufficient value to
justify removal and storage for subsequent use.
It will also provide that when property owners
repave at their cost an accepted street, the
cliy may permit; them to take possession of old
material, subject to the discretion of this
board.
TO ALLOW THE SALE OF
OLD STREET MATERIAL
A crusade was started by The Call some
months agQ against scavengers driving
through the streets In daytime with their
wagons filled with refuise and uncovered.
The police were forced to take action and
a number of arrests were made.
Chief Sullivan was waited upon by a
delegation from the scavengers, who
agreed to have a proper cover made for
the wagons, which would be subject to
the approval of the Chief and the Board
of Health. On that promise the cases
against the offending scavengers were dis
missed.
Some of the carts were properly covered,
but the larger . number ¦were not. 'l*he
Chief drew the attention of the Scaven
gers'* Union to the, fact and at their re
quest an extension of thirty days' time
in which to properly make the alterations
jvas granted/That extension has now ex
pired and the Chief sent the following.or
der to the captains of the different divis
ions yesterday:
The time having elapsed when It was agreed
by the Scavengers' Union that all the garbage
wagons would be constructed according to the
new ordinance ,1 desire you to Instruct the
men under your command that beginning Mon
day, July 2, the provisions of bill No. 97, or
dinance No. 36, on page 463 of general orders,
passed on tha 7th of* May, are to be strictly
and rigidly enforced. All wagons used in the
transportation of garbage must be lined with
zinc, sheet ¦ Iron or other metallic substance
nnd shall be water tight: and .the covers
must be of oiled canvas and be securely fas
tened at all times, except j when garbage la
being put Into the carts and must be on,
whether the carts are loaded or empty.
The understanding was that when the cover
waa on the wagons it was to be flush with
the top. I have noticed of late wagons going
through the streets and from appearances It
would Indicate that on the garbage they had
placed barrels extending above the top of the
wagon, over which they placed the covers.
This must not be permitted. The top of the
barrel. must not at any time extend above the
top of the wagon. Arrests will continue to be
mado as rapidly as possible and as often as
SCAVENGERS TO
BE COMPELLED
TO OBEY LAWS
Wagons Are Each to Have
Proper Cover and Be
Zinc Lined.
Chief Sullivan Has Issued Instruc
tions to Arrest Every Grarb-J'
age Gleaner Found Violat- ' '
ing the Ordinance.
the Harvard shell, evidently for the pur
pose of stopping them in their useless ef
forts. The oarsmen, however, refused to
hear of it, and, game to the last, pulled
down to the finish. Yale crossed the line
a winner by six good lengths and 24 3-5
seconds ahead of Harvard.
The official time of the Varsity was:
Instance— Yale. Harvard.
Half mile 2:33 3-6 2:32
One mile 6:10 5:10
One and one-half miles 7:54 7:67
Two miles 10:31 10:33
Two and one-half miles 12:23 12:31
Three miles 15:32 • 15:30
TJiree and one-half mi1e5. .18:29 15:33
Finish 21:12 4-5 21:37 2-5
necessary until these people get all their
wagons into proper condition.
The Hardy brothers. Samuel P. and Dr.
Charles Sumner, will leave for Chicago
•¦n July :.. after the single championship
i.t San Rafael. They made yesterday all
the necessary arrangements to enter
all the Important tournaments In the
2£ast. and especially the double cham
pionship at LiOiigwood. as by winning this
they have the right to play at Newport
against the double Western champions,
the winners to play Ward and Davis
• holders) for the championship in dou
bles of the United States. As the
Hardys 1 strongest forte is doubles and
their team work is excellent, it is confi
dently expected That they wjll return as
tli« double champions.
Their tirst tournament will be at Chi
cago, July 9, on the courts of the Ken
w«»d Country Club, for the Western
championship in singles; next they will
cross rackets at the open tournament at
.Magnolia, Mass. On July 23 they will en
ter the Eastern championship doubles
and singles for the Longwood cup at the
Longwood Cricket Club. Boston, Mass.
On July 3L, they will play at Newcastle,
>.'. H.. -«m" the Hotel Wentworth courts.
August 1* will find them at Newport en
tered for United States national cham
pionship.
The Hardy brothers have been the dou
ble champions of the Pacific States for
four years, and especially distinguished
themselves last September at Del Monte,
v.-hen they defeated the Eastern team,
M. D. Whitman and B. C. Wright,
Wright and Whitman having the day be
fore defeated Ward and Davis, who hold
the championship In doubles of the
United States.
Samuel Hardy has been single cham
pion for two years, as has his brother
Sumner. While Sumner Hardy defeated
Ward and Wright at Del Monte last
year, played Dwight Davis a five set
match and won one set from Whitman,
his brother Sam is an equally gtx>d
player, although he did not make such a
good showing. The Eastern trip of the
Hardy boys will be watched with great
interest by many interested Califor
nia ns.
The tournament committee of the Pa
cific States Lawn Tennis Association has
h*»ld a drawing for the single champion
ship, commencing Saturday. June 30. Rob
ert Whitney was drawn in the lower half,
and with any kind of racing luck will be
F-jr«> of second prize, as his strongest op
ponents. Samuel and Sumner Hardy, were
drawn in the upper half and will meet
in the third round. In all there were
twenty -Una entries.
The first match will be between the
Murtock brothers of Alameda. Bishop
Llnreland drew a bye, and will play the
wir.ner of the O'Brien-Owen match. The
other games will be: Merle Johnson vs.
M. Lcventrltt. S. P. Hardy of Oakland
vs. Smith of California. C. B. Root of
California vs. Alex Stewart of Oakland,
Sumner Hardy vs. Duval Moore. Robert
"Whitney of California vs. P. Kahn of
California. Reuben Hunt of Alameda vs.
J. A. Code of California, W. B. Collier of
California vs. Fred Brown of Alameda,
n. Nicholson of Oakland vs. Crowell of
California. Will Cook of Oakland vs.
Paul Jones of California. Percy Bailey of
California vs. W. Allen cf Oakland.
They Will Represent California in
the National Tournament, and
in Various Other
Contests.
Local Tennis Champions to
Travel in Search of
Racket Men.
HARDY BROTHERS
WILL PLAY THE
EASTERN CRACKS
Freshmen and the Varsity Four-Oar
Crews, However, Defeat the-
Sons of Old Ell With
Ease.
' * - ; .¦»¦¦."
NEW LONDON. Conn., June 28.— Yale
won the elght-oared varsity shell race to
day, bpatlng Harvard by about Bix
lengths. With the four-oared and fresh
men races won and handsomely won, too,
and with a lead, when nearing the finish
in the big varsity event, defeat came to
Harvard in a sudden and unexpected man
ner. Harding, the stroke, who had re
placed the disabled Captain Higginson,
collapsed before the three and a half
mtles flag was reached and Harvard fin
ished with seven oars, bo that Yale won
a holloV victory.
The four-oared race, as was expected,
proved rather an easy victory for Har
vard. The crimson crew took the lead at
the enap of the pistol and had no diffi
culty in keeping it. The freshmen con
test was something of a disappointment
to the New Haven men, for the Yale
youngsters had been picked as winners.
Instead Harvard showed them the rudder
for two miles and the event was some
thing In the nature of a procession.
At 11:15 both shells were in position for
the four-oared race— Yale on the west side
of the course. Harvard on the east. At
11:45:32 the starting shot was fired and
the two fours were off. Harvard caught
the water first and in much better shape.
With a Jump she pulled away and after
ten quick strokes settled into a beautiful
thirty-six to the minute. Yale rowed a
stroke one point lower. Not once during
the entire two miles was the crimson four
headed by the boys in blue.
At the quarter-mile Harvard led by a
good length. At the half-mile flag- there
was clear water between the two. The
young men from Cambridge were one and
a half lengths to the good.
The water grew rougher as the race
progressed and both crews splashed con
siderably. But still Harvard pulled away
from Yale and during the last mile doubled
her lead to three lengths. With this ad
vantage she crossed the finish line at the
navy yard a winner 13^2 seconds. The
strokes varied but little during the race.
Harvard rowing an average of thirty-four
and Yale- pulling at thirty-two. At the
finish Harvard spurted to thirty-five,
¦while Yale went on without increasing
her speed. Neither crew was pumped,
and each cheered the other. Harvard was
the fresher of the two.
The official time of. the varsity four:
Distance— Harvard. Yale.
Half mile 3:03 3:13
One mile 6:30 6:37
One and a half miles 10:03 10:13
Two miles 13:22 13: 35 2-5
The two freshmen crews were in their
shells at the starting point just off th«
navy yard when the fours finished. At
12:16 p. m. the word was given. The crlm
eon-tlpped oars caught the water on a
Jump and fairly lifted the shell forward.
For ten strokes it was a case of dig and
get away, and ¦when Harvard settled
down to the race she led the Vales by
half a length. The lads from Massachu.
setts got the race in hand at the outset
and rubbed it In at every stroke. Har
vard's first few strokes were at a forty
clip, while Yale deliberately pulled thirty,
live. Once well started. Harvard dropped
to thirty-two and Yale to thirty-three.
Open water showed between the two
shells before a quarter of a mile had been
traveled. At the half mile Harvard was
two lengths ahead, with her craft draw-
Ing away. A quarter of a mile farther
down the course it began to look like a
walkover. With the race half finished,
Harvard spurted to thirty-five strokes
but YaJe clung to thirty-two. The crim
son boys entered the lane of yachts ap
proachlng the finish at the bridge with a
rush and swept down the course In grand
style. YaJe waa rowing a beautiful stroke
and gained a trifle in the next quarter.
In the stretch Yale made a desperate
effort to pull up, and did well enough
until the Harvard stroke "caught on."
Then the prospective victors hit It up
again and tore across the line a winnei
by five and a half lengths. The official
time of the freshmen eights:
Distance— Harvard. Tale.
Half mile 2:10 2:1«
One mile 5:3S 6:03
One and & half miles 8:50 9:07
Two miles ......12:01 13: i» 2-5
An hour's delay was caused by the
threat of a thunderstorm. It dodged the
course, however, and the river became a.t
smooth as a pond. At 1:41 the pistol was
fired. For the third time In the day Har.
yard due the water first and the prcw !
of her boat forged ahead. The start,
however, was an admirable one, and ho
little was there to choose between the
two that only those on the official boat
were able to credit Harvard with the ad
vantage which was really hers. When
the rush of the start had given way to
the four-mile gait both crews were pulling
thirty-six, to the minute.
Down the west bank of the river sped
the shells, with Harvard a fraction of a
length ahead. The oarsmanship on both
boats -was superb. At the quarter Har
vard was fifteen feet to the good, but at
the half Yale was creeping up. The hair
mile flag was reached with a rush and
tha official timers had it that Harvard
was then one and three-fifths seconds
ahead of her, rival. Both were rowing '
cleanly and strongly at a thirty-two clip.
Between the half and three-quarters,
however, there seemed to be trouble with |
No. 6 in the Harvard eight. In the dis
tance it looked like a broken slide, bui
No. 6 was soon at it again and with the
sune rhythmical precision as before.
Yale had gained perceptibly, and as the
line was approached the nose of the New
Haven boat poked itself to the fore. Har
vard waa ready with a spurt, however,
and the boats shot by the mile flags on
exactly even terms, according to the of
ficial watches. The racers sped forward
In amazing style, but as they enteree
upon the second mile the Elis applied a
little of their reserve power. Before Har
vard was aware of It her rivals wer«
three-quarters of a length in front. Har
vard still rowed. thirty-two strokes, white
Tale had dropped to thirty-one and had
gained in spite of It.
Now Tale spurted again. This was met
with renewed effort by Harvard. But
Yale clung tenaciously to her lead. At
the two miles Yale, rowing thirty-two, led
Harvard by nearly a length. It began to
look like a Yale victory. Harvard's stroke,
Harding, who took Captain Higglnson's
place after the latter's accident -on Sun
day last, increased the crimson stroke
with a rush which bade fair to take hi 3
colleagues off their nerve. He set a ter
rific clip and the whole Harvard crew
worked like demons possessed. Yale un
dertook to meet the spurt, but the pace
was too hot and Yale wisely decided to
husband her strength for later calls. Inch
by Inch Harvard nulled up, then foot by
foot, and at the three-mile flag the Har
vard shell went to the fore for the first
time since she had lost the lead at the
start Harvard was leading by half a
length. Suddenly there came a break In
the crimson eight. Something was wrong
with the Cambridge stroke. His oar failed
at times to strike the water. A few sec
onds later the Harvard boat quivered and
trembled. Up went Hardlng's oar and
over toppled hfs exhausted body. Cock
swain Wadlelgh pulled his rudder ropes
sharply to one side and shouted to his
men, who did their best to relieve the lop
sidedness of their machine with. its four
to three oars. The beautiful craft swerved
Wlldlv to one side and cries of chagrin and
disappointment were raised.
Poor Hardlnf the boy who was under
the strain of the responsibility placed
upon his shoulders by the Higginson mis
hap, had rowed himself out in that last
heartrending effort to pull up on the Yale
phell. The. young Spartan, disregarding
the fact that during- tha last three days •¦
he had lost five pounds, had pulled his last
ounce and lay a helpless passenger In
the shell.
He fell into the lap of his cockswain. (
straightened with a heroic effort and
again grasped his oar In a pitiful attempt
to get Into the race once more.
The Yale eight., magnificently strong
and in grand style, tore on ¦ down the
etretch. Every man. trained' to the hour
for a four-mile race, was pulling beauti
fully and added lengths to their lead, over
their unfortunate rivals. The* ,-Harvard
launch now rushed onrass tha course to J
Yale s Oarsmen Win a Hol
low Victory From the ..
Crimson.
STROKE HARDING
COLLAPSES AND
HARVARD LOSES
Declares That Such Grant Will Be
sult in Great Benefit to the
Merchants of City and
State. „
The consideration of the petition of the
San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
Railroad for a franchise to operate a
steam road on .Illinois street was taken
up: yesterday by the Supervisors' Street
Committee. After arguments had. been
made on the part of property owners who
protested against- the granting of the
privilege Mayor Phelan expressed himself
as being strongly in favor of granting the
franchise.
"On the eve of my departure from the
State," said his Honor, "I desire to say
that a competing transcontinental line Is
entitled to every consideration, and I trust
that the city will act In a broad spirit
upon the application. I believe that such
a competitive service will redound greatly
to the benefit of the merchants of the
city and the people at. large. Such a grant
will insure the regulation of freight traffic
—not so much probably in the sense of
cutting rates as In the Influence it will
have in keeping rates down and In bring
ing courteous and prompt service from
both competitors. The facilities will be
materially advanced for getting goods to
market. From the high character of the
gentlemen behind the Santa Fe and Its
solidity. San Francisco should give it a
fair chance and equal opportunities. A
vast majority will be greatly benefited, as
It will open up new industries. It will
give value to property where values do
not now exist.
At this point Attorney W. J. Stafford,
representing some protesting property
owners, asked:
"If the Southern Pacific has a legal
right to operate cars on Illinois street
would you be willing to have eight rails
on the street?"
"Yes," replied the Mayor; ''I would not
let the Southern Pacific tracks be an ob
struction to the Santa Fe. It will cer
tainly compensate the property owners
should they suffer damages. I favor the
granting of the franchise under proper
conditions and safeguards."
Those* present at the meeting were:
Mayor Phelan, Captain A. H. Payson
(vice president of the Santa Fe), Attor
neys E. F. Preston, M. Mullaney and H.
J. Stafford, and Supervisors Magulre, Jen
nings, McCarthy, Connor and Curtis. At
torney Stafford opened the discussion by
stating that he was opposed to the ordi
nance granting 1 the franchise being passed
until the company had put down In black
and white what It proposed to do.
"You have no objections to a competing
road?" queried the Mayor.
"Not If It Is in truth a competing road."
replied Stafford. "I doubt, however, the
power of the board to grant the fran
chise."
The Mayor held that there was no ques
tion as to the power of the board, the
point having been settled In the Krakhoff
case in Fresno.
McCarthy suggested that the Santa Fe
might use the tracks of the Southern Pa
cific Company on Illinois street.
• "If you will secure us that privilege,"
said Attorney Preston, "we will with
draw our application for a franchise."
Attorney Mullaney, representing pro
testing: property owners, objected to the
petition for a franchise on the 'ground
that it would be a practical confiscation
of the surrounding property.
"While we feel kindly toward the com
peting line," paid Mullaney, "we should
not be required to give It our property or
subject ourselves to great Injury."
Further consideration of the franchise
was then postponed for. two weeks. .
Attorney Baggett addressed the com
mittee on the petition of the "Bay and
Coast Railway. Compapy for a franchise
on certain streets. He asked to have the
ordinance granting the privilege passed
to print, as it would tend to build up the
city. * The committee agreed to meet to
morrow at 1 p. m. to inspect the proposed
route.
At the request of Attorney Burke of
the Southern Pacific Company, the mat
ter of the ownership of Sherman avenue
between Wyoming avenue and the old
San Jose road was referred to the City
Attorney and he ¦was instructed to con
sult with the railroad company. Burk*
protested against the City Attorney's
opinion that Sherman avenue. appears on
the- official man as a public street, and
that the alleged obstruction should be re
moved forthwith.
The suggestion of the Merchants' Asso.
elation that street sweepings be conveyed
to Golden- Gate Park was approved, and
a resolution directing the Board of Public
Works to carry out the plan will be rec
ommended for passage.
" The recommendations of the Board of
Public "Works that the foot ' of Spear
L.creet be Improved; that Sixth street be.
tween Folsom and Harrison be placed on
the official grade; that the City Street
Improvement Company be granted per
mission to repave Sansome street between
Sutter and Bush and retain the old street
material for Its own use, were all adopted.
The recommendation of the Board of
Public Works that the Presidio and Fer
ries Railway Company be required to set
back four feet the south curb of Union
street between Hyde and Larkln and to
pave the strip with basalt blocks was laid
over for further consideration.
Recommends It Be Granted
the Use of Illinois
Street.
MAYOR FAVORS
FRANCHISE FOR
SANTA FE ROAD
The assessment on the franchise of the
Sunset Telegraph and Telephone Com
pany was raised by Assessor Dodge yes
terday to $1,000,000. Heretofore the cor
poration has never paid taxes on more
than an assessed valuation of $2300 on its
franchise. Dodge contends that the con
cern Is exclusively a California corpora
tion, its principal place of business a3
defined In its articles of incorporation be
ing In this city. According to the law as
Dodge interprets it the franchise should
be assessed here.
In estimating the value of the com
pany's franchise credit has been given, for
all sums which It pays into the State as
taxes In various counties of the t-tate.
The Assessor admits that the value of
the franchise as assessed by him added
to the assessment of the corporation hi
all the counties of the State does not
equal the value of the plant as established
by the market value of the securities is
sued by It- The tax on the franchise val
uation will approximate $16,U0U.
Dodge also collected the sum of $5300
from the California Fruit Packers' Asso
ciation yesterday in payment of the taxes
on Its franchise, which he has assessed
at J400.000. This Is the first, commercial or
industrial corporation In the history of
San Francisco, according to the Assees
sor, which has paid taxes of more than
a nominal amount on it 3 franchise. Here
tofore companies of a similar character
have paid only on a small assessed valu
ation. The association has willingly paid
its taxes, recopmizinK that franchises are
taxable under the revenue laws of the
State. 'Dodge declares It to be his Inten
tion not to place a valuation on such
franchises as will be burdensome, but
says it 13 his duty to enforce the laws aa
he finds them. If such assessments ara
Illegal the courts will afford the neces
sary" protection.
Assessor Dodge Collects Largo
Amount of Taxes on Personal
Property of California Fruit
Packers' Association.
Sunset Telephone Company's
Franchise Raised to
One Million.
BIG ASSESSMENT
UPON FRANCHISE
OF CORPORATION
His Honor the Mayor Makes Temporary
Abdication of His Power and Its In
signia to Supervisor Tobin.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 29, 1900.
mAYOR PHELAN yesterday ap
pointed Supervisor Augustus B.
Maguire to be Commissioner on
the Board of Public Works to
succeed Jeremiah Mahoney, who resigned
several months ago. _ MrL I.\ Magulre '¦-' has
occupied public office on several occasions:
In 1&80 he was elected., as- Assemblyman
from the old Thirteenth'Senatorial-Dis
trict. He was Under Sheriff for McDade
and was elected Supervisor at' the last
election. He is connected with the Build
ers' Exchange. t
Mr. Maguire was born In Boston In 1847.
He waa In the blasting contracting busi
ness, in this city -for fourteen years and
founded one of the pioneer dry goods
houses in the Mission. He will assume
office immediately, having filed his official
bond with the Auditor late yesterday af
ternoon, with 'the Pacific Surety Company
as security.
• Immediately, after appointing- Supervisor
Magulre to be Commissioner of the Board
of Public Works Phelan issued a commls.
fcion to Samuel Braunhart to be Super
visor to succeed Magulre. Braunhart was
born' in Germany and Is 52 years of ag-e.
He arrived in this city In 1862 and waa
elected to the Assembly from the ¦ old
Eleventh Senatorial District. He was ap
pointed Port: Warden by. Governor Budd
In 1595 and was elected to the State Sen
ate in 18S6. His term would have expired
next year and he has forwarded his resig
nation to the Governor. He filed his offi
cial bond yesterday afternoon, with, Louis
Meyerstelnand J. J. Harrigan, secretary
of the Board of Port .Wardens, as sure
ties. As a result of Braunhart'B appoint
ment the • Mayor has ' announced changes
in . Supervisors', committees as follows:
Streets— Curtis, Connor and Dwyer; Pub
lic jßuildlngs-^Braunhart, Sanderson .- and
Booth; 'Public Utllitie*— Reed; Hotaling
and McCarthy; . Fire — Dwyer, , Curtis and
Duboce; I Hospital and Health— D'Ancona,
Braunhart and Boxton; Charter. Amend
ments—Brandensteln, Tobin and .McCar
thy; Investigation of Coat of Maintenance
of Feeble-minded Children— Connor, Box
ton ; and Braunhart; Cost of ,City
phone Service— Reed, Curtis and Sander
son. '¦">¦' ¦¦¦.'. ': - .'-¦- . '.
" Senator Braunhart resigned also his po-
AUGUSTUS B. MAGUIRE.
L
4
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
HUSEUH OF ANATOMY
r The Larjrert AnatoouaJ Museum hi tSe
>w Woitd. Weaknesses «r *<7 contracted
SgiSi disrue p«lll<rl;c«r<iil fty the ol«is%t
i&gpl DR. JO9OAM-PBIWTE CISSASES
V&M&H ta-TMlttdcn frs« Jr.d rtrlrtly pnv«e
I TiWjf TMitment prtiru : y or by l-ttrr. A
¦ tr ft U /••*. rtiw Curo ia rv?ry ca'.c un.irrta* ?"•.
$fl Illfc Wnte far Book. r«*«.O»O»ww •#
« 3 " UAfiaiAbh. MAILED MBS. '.A
A II **hi»bls book i-J awn)
f>H. juODA.V A CO.. 1051 Market St..H. P.
FOR THE
BILOOCKLIVER.LUNGS;
MEDICAL
DHSC©VERY
DB.PJERCES
GOLDEN
purr pnVM &
I.Uri nlllUl our Special BreW
Valises checked free.
Should not be confounded with other so-called
malt products some breweries put out. It !,»
not beer and "burnt sugar." See that the name
Anheuser-Uusch Brewing Ass'n is on each bot-
tle. Sold by all druggists. ¦
There Is but one remedy that will curt
all forms of stomach trouble. EIiECTRO-
ZONE, a liquid internal preparation, i*
indorsed by physicians and people in gen-
eral to be the most effective. It not only
affords immediate relief, but efffcts ¦ a
positive cure quickly and permanently.
ELECTROZONE regulates the stomach
and puts It In a healthy condition when
It has become diseased.
Disordered stomach Is the cause of the
majority of diseases? that afflict humanity.
The stomach has an important function to
perform. The first Is that of nutrition,
the process by which the food 13 digested,
properly assimilated and transformed into
blood, tissue and vital energy, and this
constantly supplies the waste that is al-
ways taking place In the system, as a re-
sult of what Is consumed in the process
of existence. When this function la Im-
paired by any «ne of the diseases from
which the liver, stomach and intestines
suffer- the nutrition of the body Is Im-
paired, the amount of waste that Is con-
tinually going on immediately exceeds tho
quantity of nutritive matter that te a^
sorbed to supply it. and. consequently tha
loss exceeds the supply, the br.<ty Is In a
condition of decline, health falls, emacia-
tion occurs, the blood becomes ' impure
and the system Is in a condition when* it
readily contracts contagious diseases, and
being too weak to resist is destroytM by
them.
Take ELECTROZOXE. It la th? only
remedy that can be relied upon to cure
any form, of stomach trouble. Your drusr-
srist will supply you at $1 a bottle Pam-
phlet will be sent free by the nrXCTRO-
ZONE MFG. CO.. San Francisco.
Few people are free from some farm of
stomach trouble, but rarely two will have
the same pymptoms. The commoner
symptoms are headache, dizzines?, bilious-
ness, sour stomach, irregularity of the
bowels, heartburn, a feeling of uneasiness,
distress after eatlnp, poor appetite, pal-
pitation of the heart, a trembling In the
pit of stomach, loss of flesh, restlessness,
depression of spirits, sleeplessness, ner-
vousness, mental and physical weakness.
a weak and flabby condition of the mus-
cles, a dry and hot, burning skin, vomit-
ing and flatulence.- » : .I,'f
Are You Embarrassed by Any
of Them?
STOMACH TROUBLE.
SYMPTOMS OF
ADVERTISEMENTS*
Weekly CaU,si.OO Der Year
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD L'SE DAM lAN A BITTERS. THE
irreat Mexican remedy: Kivea health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.Unidentified Body Found.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND. June 2S.— The body of an
unknown man was found floating In the
river near Elkhorn about noon on Wednes
day by Miss Emma Welhausen. who lives
with her father on the Sacramento side.
She was coming across the nver to Elk
horn In a boat and when she reached the
Yolo side she discovered the body of a
man lying under some bushes growing or
the bank. The young lady came to Wood
land and notified Coroner Bean. The man
was about 55 years of age and had been'
dead about two days.
Young Man Killed.
RED BLUFF. June 28.— Robert Downer,
a young man, was run over by/ a train
Wednesday night. He died. this morning.
He came in on the Oregon express/ and
attempted to Jump from the train. He
•K-aa struck by the switch lever. BfsSg
Lineman Killed.
• SAN BKRXARDIXO, June 28.— Jack
Olson, a lineman ¦In the employ of ¦ tht
San Bernardino Electric ; Company, was
Instantly killed at about 10 o'clock last
night while at work at 1 his perilous voca
tion. A house mover, was taking a house
out across the walk on North E streei
and It*- had to pass under, the electric
.wires. Olson was • sent to , carry the
wire over the building as it was moved
along and it was while this was In pro
gress that the accident occurred. At his
request the current was applied -and in
some manner Olson fell across the wires
and was instantly killed. -
Japanese : Arming.
VANCOUVER, B. C.'June 28.— The Co
lumbian of New ' "Westminster has fa're
§ort that the Japanese fishermen of
teveston are arming themselves,: with
rifles. Over 250 : rifles ; have been bought
In Vancouver within a week by "Japanese.
LEEVEE IN FINE FORM.
Fittsbnrg Pitcher Docs^pine Splen
did Work.
COHKECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Club*— TV. L. Pet. | Clubs— TV. L. Pet.
Erook'vn ...S5 17 .CTJlClnzlnnati ..II J3 .453
l'hila<ie'rfcia.a 22 .OT!ChlmB» 24 30 .443
Bortoa .27 25 Ul» St. Loulb 21 28 .iZi
F-.ttßburi" i..2S 27 .Sift j New T0rk...19 21 _3SO
PITTSBURG. June 2S.— Philadelphia was *hut
out to-day for the first tine this season In one
cf th* tx»«t games plajed here. Both jfltchere
were in fine fettle. Leever remarkably *o.
¦VVh«i two men' were out in the niMh only
twrr.ty-Flx barter* had faced L»ever. He then
hit Krawr and trpolled the record h* vu trying
to :•¦¦¦.- FYa*er's s*Jß* *a? first-clacs* also.
The three ren» «cored were made on a three
bigger. a w'.W throw and a batter hit. Attend
ance. 2COO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
T"itt*»>urß- . * SO
Philadelphia. '•• 0 2 *
Bau*rlp»-L*<?ver and Zlmmer; Fra*er and
McFarland. Un3j>!r* — Etn*li^.
CINCINNATI.' June SB.— Willis was in fine
form to-<!ay, lotting the Itedi down with four
bits. Hhillir* cave four bases on balls, allowed
two hit*, which tcc*ther with «n earned run
nettf-d four run* in the second. Barrett's n>ld-
Jns and Hamilton 1 * hitting were the features
Attendance. 2XO. Score:
Clsb*— R. H. ' E-
CinrtniiaXl J 4 t
Boston 7 11 0
Batteries— PhSUlpt aad Wood; Willis and
Sullivan. Umpire. Terry-
American Association.
BUFFALO. June 2S.— Buffalo X, Indlaaapo
li* &.
CLEVELAND. Jun« 2K.— Cleveland J." De
troit 10.
MILWAUKEE. June 2S.~ Milwaukee i. Kaa
iu citjr a. auHmnsaii
Fred Clement's Arm Broken.
Fred Clement, five years old, 157 Erie
street, yesterday Jumped on to a wagon
driven by Vital Duchos, 2SSS Twenty-sec
ond street, and fell. He was run over by
a wheel and his left arm was broken and
his «=ide Injured. Dr. H. L. Lorentzen re
duced the frac|ure. Duchos was arrested
by Police Officer Finnely on a charge of
battery.
OAKLAND, June 2S.— The managers of
the Montana Baseball League are still
•urging the members of the Oakland team
to desert. Telegrams from the league
management have been received by Cen
teriU-lder Drennan. Leftflelder Mosklman
fend Second Baseman Arellanes of the
local nine, offering them great induce
ment" to Jump their contracts with Man
"cer Ewing; but the men declare they
v/ill give the alluring offers no heed. Each
cf the players says be has no intention of
deserting "the home fam, but. unlike
Schmoer, Hammond and Steffani. will re
ir.ain In OaJcland.
NO MORE BASEBALL
PLAYERS WILL DESERT
Fruit Growers Meet.
SAN JOSE, June 28.— The executive com
mittee of the California Cured Fruit As
sociation at its meeting this afternoon
elected A. B. Fletcher to act as executive
head during the absence of J. H.^Henry,
who starts for Kansas City . to-morrow
morning as a delegate to the "National
Democratic Convention. Applicants for
positions of head accountant and head In
spector will be given a hearing between
July 9 and 15. A resolution was adopted
thanking the press of the entire State for
voluntary, efficient and valuable ¦ and
gratuitous services, without which the or
ganization of the prune growers would
have been impossible.
Put TJp an Aggressive Fight but Was
Not as Effective as His
Opponent.
SACRAMENTO, June 28.— "Soldier"
Phil Green of San Francisco met his mas
ter In Jim Trimble at the Clunle- Opera
house to-night. Green put up an aggres
sive fight from the start, and for the first
three rounds, while Trimble was taking
his measure, looked like a winner. The
soldier tried left swings and straight
body blows by the hundred, but failed to
land. It dawned 1 on him early in the
game that he wm against a good man.
From the eighth round to the end it
was \ the same story. Green led for the
body and swung for the head, Trimble
punching him on the jaw with the left
and chopping him with the right.
Referee Jack Welch gave the light to
Trimble at the end of the twentieth
round, the decision meeting popular ap
proval. -'
Stanford Defeats Spokane.
SPOKANE. Wash., June 2S.— Three thousand
people saw the colors of the Spokane Athletic
Club go down to defeat before the Stanford
visitors to-<iay. The game was a singular
combination of costly errors and brilliant plays.
Scora: . . : : '-^- .-?. ; * •"«'¦"
Clubs — - PL H. E.
Spokane 9 9 9
Stanford 18 17 5
Batteries— Kelly and Loughead; Olsen, Lach
and Conner. Umpire. Dodd. ;
Automobile Exhibition.
BERLIN, June 28.— A permanent auto
mobile exhibition will open in Berlin next
week. Applications for space have been
so numerous . that an enlargement of the
original area, was necessary-
SOLDIER PHIL GREEN
LOSES TO JIM TRIMBLE
CHICAGO. June 29.-The Tribune says:
Pugilist Tom Sharkey and Mrs. LJUIan
Bauer, widow of a well-known Chicago
saloonkeeper, will be married next week.
Sharkey met Mrs. Bauer while in Chi
cago tils spring. Mrs. Bauer is at pres
ent in New York, but will return to Chi
cago, accompanied by her future husband,
for the marriage ceremony.
His Bride-to-Be the Widow
of a former Chicago
Saloon-Keeper. .
TOM SHARKEY
IS TO BECOME
A BENEDICT
Mrs. Frank Bradford, wife of the man
ager of the Commercial Hotel, and a
nurse girl were saved from death by firo
at that caravansary last night and the
hotel itself was probably saved from de
struction. «
Policemen Cleveland Peters and John
Fowle were patrolling their beats when
they discovered flames -In a third story
window of the Commercial Hotel, and
rushing to the room -they found one
woman sound asleep and the other in a
helpless condition, bordering on uncon
sciousness. -. _ - . • "-
In some manner paper, in a' waste basket
in the room of the manager of the hotel
became ignited shortly before midnight.
It is believed that a match carelessly
thrown into the receptacle started the
blaze. In the room were Mrs. Bradford
and the nurse girl. Both were asleep.
The flames soon caught the curtains and
the room rapidly filled with smoke and
The nurse girl awoke, but fright and
the suffocating atmosphere rendered her
almost unconscious and helpless. Sh«
groped aboutthe room and had not the
strength to summon assistance. All this
time Mrs. Bradford lay In sleep, uncon
scious of the danger that threatened her.
Both women would surely have per
ished had it not been for the alertness
of the policemen. Officer Peters was
standing at the corner of Pacific and
Kearay streets and soon discovered the
blaze in the window. Officer Fowle was
soon on the scene, and together they
rushed to the room. The door was locked,
but their shouts aroused the nurse girl
and she pulled back the spring latch and
admitted them. They worked hard and
soon had the flames under control, wltn
out the assistance of the Fire Depart
ment, and saved the women.
Patrolmen Discover Fire
in the Commercial
Hotel.
TWO WOMEN
RESCUED FROM
BLAZING ROOM
THE Princesses Bamba and Sophia
Dhuleep Singh arrived yesterday in
H San Francisco from Tokio on the
Japanese steamship Xippon Maru.
; The Princesses are on their way to the
Paris Exposition, and will have com
, pleted the tour of the world when they
j reach Paris, having started from England
on their present journey. They leave San
Francisco to-day and will go directly to
New York.
The first experience of the Princesses
{ Dhuleep Singh with the American inter-
Viewer seems to have amused and amazed
I them considerably. They were seen last
evening at the Palace Hotel, two dark,
slender girls, simply gowned in dark blue,
perhaps 20 and 25 years old, and with a
curious mixture in manner or hauteur and
an English unsophlstlcatlon.
"We are going to Paris." said the
Princess Sophia, "but we really prefer to
say nothing about our trip."
"Do you like America? But it is early
to say — "
"We have met many Americans and
think the women charming," said Prin
cess Sophia.
"And American men — you like them?"
"Xot so much. They work too hard,
and are not the women's equal." and the
representative of the most aristocratic
caste system in the world looked a little
scornfuL
"With you are the women also supe
rior?"
But the Princesses Dhuleep Singh de-
clined to answer further than to say that
the Indian colleges are open to women.
"We have been interested lately here in
a priest from your country. Swami Vive-
Kananda. Do you know of him?"
"No." said the elder Princess, and her
eyelids drooped indifferently over the
brilliant eyes.
"We understood he represented your In
dian Protestant creed, Vedantism?"
"I know nothing of It," protested the
Princess. %
"We In San Francisco have been trying
to do something for your starving people
in India."
"Indeed?" said the Princesses both, but
without one spark of interest and playing
indifferently with the diamonds on their
sender fingers— ransom of Innumerable
lives in that death-stricken country.
From England to India, touching Cey-
Son. the Princesses came, thence to Japan,
to San Francisco, and they will go on to
New York and to England again, ending
in Paris. They visited in San Francisco
yesterday afternoon the medical depart
ment of the University of California and
were much pleased with what they saw.
They are traveling a la Americaine—al
most — with a French maid only, thesa
Princesses ot the oldest and most aristo
cratic race known to-day. With a marked
English accent and a decided Spanish ap
pearance, it would be indeed difficult to
determine their nationality without the
Hindoo name, but the slim, fine brown
taper fingers are only "made in India"—
and beautiful they are.
THE TWO INDIAN PBINCESSES BOUND FOB PAHIS.
The Hembers Boused to Enthusiasm
by Mention of McKinley and
Roosevelt.
The reunion of the Bear Club held last
evening at B'nai B'rith Hall was a largely
attended affair. Old-time members were
present and created grea,t enthusiasm by
referring to past campaigns wherein the,
Bear Club had taken a prominent part.
The remarks of E. I. Wolfe. Edward S.
Solomon and Judge H. C. Dibble created
great enthusiasm. They referred to the
tn&ny successful campaigns the Bear Club
had participated in and predicted that the
club, under ite banner Inscribed with the
names of McKlnley and Roosevelt, would
once again march to victor/.
Alfred Bouvier. chairman of. the Repub
lican County Committee, addressed the
members and was cheered to the echo
•when he mentioned McKinley and Roose
velt as the forerunners of a wave of pros
perity. The club will hold weekly meet-
Ings and its drill corps, under compete.it
instructors, will be brought to Its former
Etate of efficiency.
The officers of the Republican State
Central Committee are paying special at
tention to the fluty cf advising county
committees throughout the State as to
the proper course to be pursued to obtain
recognition on the official ballot. The re
quirements of the primary election law
are explained and demonstrated to all
applicants for information. The corre
spondence of the committee on this sub
ject is cnite extensive.
It is the purpose of the State committee
to open the campaign In September— not
later than the ICah of that month. Be
tween now and then particular attention
¦w-lU be paid to the enrollment and regis
tration cf Republican voters.
It Is supposed that Congressional nom
inations on the part of Republicans will
be made before the 10th of September.
Tc« conventions will organize at Banta
Crux on August 2S and some of the nom
inations will doubtless be made then and
there.
The indications are that Eugene F.
T<oud will be renominated and re-electe-1
!n the Fifth District. It is conceded that
Julius Kahn will be renominated in the
Fourth. Democrats talk of putting up
Judge Coffey to run against Mr. Kahn,
but the Judge has not signified a desire
to enter the race. ~
Republicans expect to gain a Congress-
Can in the Second District. The appoint
ment cf Marion de Vries to the position
of United States Appraiser eliminates
from the district the strongest Democratic
material. The Democrats talk of nom
inating A. Caminettl of Amador or Joseph
Sproul of Butte. The Republican senti
ment of the district seems decidedly favor
able to the nomination of Coltmel E. A.
Forbes of Marysvtlje. Judce J. M. Wall
ing of Nevada City is mentioned as a Re
publican aspirant. Stockton is ready to
offer S. D. Woods as a candidate and
Placer is prepared to present J. N. Kul
weiler.
Reports from the south are to the effect
that J. C. Xeedham will be renominated
by the convention cf Seventh District
Republicans. There is an open fight in the
Sixth District.
Politicians assert that Prank L. Coombs
Is gaining strength in his contest for the
Republican nomination In the First Dis
trict.
¦Republican Veterans.
Victor Metcalf has a host of political
friends in the Third District and they are
confident of t!s renominatlon. and re-elec
ticn.
The following- letter has been received:
RAN FRAXCISCO. Cal.. June !S, 13C0.
Editor of The Call: Permit me to cuggest
through the column* of The Call the advls
ebil'.tj- of or|ra=:rlnc a campaign club to be
known as "in* Veteran Republican Club." to
be cotrcosed of these who voted for the first
Republican President— Abraham Lincoln. Each
a club wouH command the attention and re
tj>*-ct of all \-oters. It would also serve as a
reminder that the treat objects cf the perty
are as (rraji'i and eg worthy of rupport as they
were in the days of the great raU-Fi>lttter of
forty years f.fn.
The initial ttepe for the organization of euch
a movement cannot commence too soon.
Will The Call be the f)r«t paper to bring: the
matter befcre the public?
A. S. HITJBARD.
Bryan Ratification.
The Df— tocr2tlc committee appointed to
arrantre a Bryan ratification meeting in
San Krancif=co held a conference at the
California Hotel yesterday afternoon and
coir.mifsioried Tim Treary to engage ¦ a
hail and rcar.zge the demonstration. It
¦was the sentimer.t of the committee that
the meeting should be held Saturday
ever.inp. July T.
The California and Hawaiian delegation
to the Democratic National Convention
will leave San Francisco at 10 a. m. to
day Jor Kansas City. Mayor Phelan gave
a farewell dinner to a few friends last
evening. Ex-Senator Stephen M. White.
chairman of the delegation, ¦will join his
fellow delegates &t Sacramento this after
noon - -¦>_ ;
BEAR CLUB REUNION
AT B'NAI B'RITH HALL
State Central Committee Resolves to
Give Special Attention to En
rcllxaent and Registration
of Voters.,
Republican Campaign Will
Open Early in Month
of September.
CONGRESSIONAL
HONORS ALLURE
THE CANDIDATES
Hurricane Bouts at the San
Francisco Athletic
v/AUU»
Gameness and Earnestness the Chief
' Features of the Sport Present
, ed to the Followers of
the Ring.
Half the boxing bouts in the gymna
sium of the San Francisco Athletl9 Club
last night were stopped by Aleck Greg
gains, the referee, at the instance of Ser
geant Coogan of the police. This was a
precautionary measure, as no one was
damaged, but those in charge took no un
necessary cbances. All the bouts were
good, but for hard hitting and gamenesa
the last on the programme took the palm.
The principals in this fight. were Frank
Nlcholls and Burt Omines, "They fought
at ISO pounds and for four rounds slugged
at a fast pace. Nlcholls' left eye was
closed in the second round, but he came
back and evened up 'matters. The judges
could not agree at the end of four rounds,
so it was declared a draw, the police re
fusing to allow it to continue.
The gymnasium was packed to the
doors, every available inch of space being
used.
The -first brace of .boxers in the ring
were George Finn'egan and Joe Hill, each
weighing 105 pounds. Hill had a slight ad
vantage in height and reach. His smaller
opponent made-up for this in gameness
an# aggressiveness. In the third round
they fought all over the ring as fast as
though a championship depended upon
their efforts. In the fourth round Hill
proved too strong for Finnegan and
knocked him out.
Jack Hart and Pat Dugan started off In
whirlwind fashion, displaying more energy
than science. There was hardly a clean
punch delivered. but the spectators
howled with delight at the wild swings
and the wrestling which marked the bout.
There was never a dull moment from
start to finish. There were calls for an
extra round. but Referee Greggains
called the contest a draw, the boys being
too tired to box another round.
T. Sullivan, a miniature of Tom Sharkey
in build, was matched with Joe O'Leary.
a tall, lathy youth. It seemed as if the
latter would be knocked out of the ring,
but he proved a clever boxer and with
stood Sullivan's rushes. He closed Sul
livan's left eye and slowed the latter's
pace for a time. Sullivan was the stronger
and knocked O'Leary down several times
In the second round. , Referee Greggalns
then stopped the bout as O'Leary seemed
too frail to withstand the battering he
was recefvlng.
Eddie King and J. Spooner went at it
hammer and tongs and It was apparent
the bout would not last long. Kxpecta
tlons were fulfilled as King, proved so
much the harder hitter Referee Greggalns
stopped the fight after the men had been
at it less than two minutes. In this time
Spooner acquired a black eye and a pair
of unsteady legs;
Frank Wall and Jack Harrlgan started
proceedings quietly in the first round of
their bout, although Wall found time to
shed a tooth. The second round was
faster, while the third was a whirlwind
affair. Wall had decidedly the better of
this, punishing Harrigan severely. Har
rigan tired perceptibly and showed an In
clination to stop. Referee Greggalns gave
the bout to Wall on aggressiveness.
•The' bout between >;. Bacig-alupi and j
Brady was more of an animated cakewalk
than a fight. Neither could land an effect
ive blow, but they tried their best. In the
third round Brady -went down • to avoid
punishment and Referee Greggalns finally
stopped proceedings, giving the bout to
Baclgalupi.
In the bout between J. J. Phlpps and
Gus Salsbury It seemed only a matter of
a few moments when one or the other
would go down and out For four rounds
it was give and take, each being pun
ished badly. Phipps was the stronger
throughout and an extra round was or
dered. In this Salsbury commenced to
play for the body and took much of the
steam out of Phipps. Toward the end of
the bout Salsbury landed three right
swings which dazed Phipps. The decision
went to Salsbury.
REFEREE STOPS
FIGHTS TO SAVE
AMATEUR BOXERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 29, 1900.
Candid Criticism by Two Indian Prin
cesses Here on Their Way
WOMEN FIRST, MENT
SECOND, IN AMERICA
5
The company reserves the right to chansrs
steamers, sallln? dates and hours of sa:l!ns
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel>.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Airents,
19 Market St.. San Francisco.
And AH Foists on YUKON RIVER to
KOYUKUK and DAWSON.
310 SANSOME STREET.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
S. S. ST. PAUL
S. S. PORTLAND
Will Sai! Abont - • • July Ist
NOME
ST. MICHAEL
OCEAN TBAVEL.
COMPAONI3 GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ***»,
Sailing every » Thursday Instead of <££fiT&
¦ Saturday, from November J, 1R99, at ->*w*cj»
10 a. m., from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton st LA TOURAINE. July 5; LA LOR-
RAINE July 15: LA BRETAGXE, July 19;
LA CHAMPAGNE, i July 26. First class to
Havre, $S2 50 . and upwaTd. Second . class to
Havre 'sls and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. .32 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. J. F.
FUGA7.I & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery, avenue. San Francisco.
COSMOS LINEs^-:SI|
II 3n»U!y far Valparaiso and ilamtmrat '
TiaUexlcaa port». Cratra^i antii America, no. j
S»S. Serapis. 4000 tons, sails about July 1 i
DR. WONG WOO, fifa
Chinese - Tea and Herb Sanl- ?[ 7f
tarium, 764-7C6 Clay " st., San 'bP 3 .
Francisco. Cal. All diseases cured . rLj, 7 •
exclusively by Chinese herbs. ¦
Advlce tic. Hour?, 9toll a. ji(B!Z&g)L
m., 1 to 3, 7 to 9 p.-m. , '«W?W*«'V
San Francisco. January 2. 1900. W/rJktzifi'BVlr
I bad a very serious attack of *6*mUmM» _,
consumption and. my feet were so swollen that
It was with difficulty I could walk. The doctors
in.the hoßDltala could not give me any reJief
for n'ne weeks. . I- was persuaded to go to the
well-known Chinese Doctor. Wong Woo, • and
In three months I was completely cured and in
perfect health, . having gained 25 pounds^in
welKht.il have much pleasure In recommend-
ing him to any one Buffering in any way what-
ever.' JAKOß RAUCH.I34 Freelon St., city. -
;^ REYNOLD'S r
an mE9 M 3 »j| »
HUH «^9 ¦ ew p6lp 61^ 0115 nee< J
Goutor Rheumatism, If on the first approach
of the paroxysm they have recourse to this rem-
edy • then, a single dose is often sufficient ;
K. FOI'GEIU A CO., 30.30 X.WIlHam St,.V. Y.
-Via Honolulu.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner- First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. ra.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe ..(Hioro). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at with steamers for In-
dia, etc. -No received on board on day
cf sailing. ~'~- • : •¦
SS NIPPON MARU....... Tuesday. July 10. 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU....
. .:. .7.;. .;;.. Friday, Augusts, 1900
SS HONGKONG MARU...
...................Wednesday, August », 1300
Round-trip tfckets at - reduced rates." For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
VI Market street, corner First.
- , t -. W. . H." AVERT. General Agent.
"Trunks, valls^ and leather goods"—
"Stationery and printing" — "Pictures and
frames"— "Camera eupplles" and "Artists'
Materials" are the five departments at
Banborn. Vail & Co.'s. where you can get
anything and everything in these lines of
the very best quality and at the very low-
est prices. *' *
AMERICAN LINE.
RW TOSC SOUTHAMPTOH. LOXSOH. 1 1RI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis July 41 St. Paul... July H
New York July 11 St. Louis July 23
RED STA.^ U-.i:
r-'e-*! Yor'< <sr)d Antv/*— v
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington". July 4iFrtesland July IS
Noordland July 111 Southw.irk July 23
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery street. ,
EMPIRE LINE.
S.S." "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael, May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon River
Points, June 30. July 31. August 30. For rates j
and ether information apply to
'EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.
30 Montromery street.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer "MonttceUo.**
, MON., Toes., ' Wed.; Thurs. and Sat. at 9:15
a. m.: 3:15. 8:30 p.m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 3:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock, j
Pier No. 2. Telephone MainlSOS. •--
FARE .-...7, BOc »
1
rom-«i^ for Gonorrhoea?
Jfg3i3rGVllY-o*Si/l <. ; !«t. apet ciatorr hue>
*f*MMa l to i «»r3.\i Whites, nanitaril <:*
JSfKf Ocirwstcei jj rliar^-.i. or aoy ia3o"»7u^«
¦3JW act t3 ttrtstora. tin. .irritatioa or u.jsni.
g -¦JfrjTtsa oco--3«Joii. t ion of nac o a 3 stea.
S^iTirriEEyiSSCHEWTrifno. t-riac* lion-astrtagtai
ffiaaLS:!»aKKATI.O B*^l So!d ay OTCjRriMA,
*>' ci press, prepaid, fc*
Iweslly Gall Sl.OO neiYi
OCEANIC 9. S. CO.-lIOXOI.rTX, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia.. .Wed.. July 11, S p. in.
S. 8. AUSTRALIA 'Honolulu only)
Wednesday. Ju!y S3. 2 p. m-
L 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. -14 Slontgomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight KSce.327 Market St
THE 0. R. & fi. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
P D oiR, i rT-,.A.:isr:D
From Soear-street TVfcarf at 11 a. m.,
CApL $12 hirst Class including cjz-fi
rnnL $BSecand Cla?j and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails J... ¦
July 2, I*. K. Augr. 1
COLUMBIA sails July 7. 17. T>. Au?. I
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
H»!ena and all points in the North-west.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL.. PERKINS & CO..
Sujeri ntend^nts.
Will Dispatch for
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
NOME,
PORT CLARENCE, 'GAPE YORK AND
SAFETY HARBOR
The El»sant, Commodious. • Fast AJ Passen-
ger Steamship
JOHN S, KIMBALL,
Twenty-flve hundred tons* displacement.
ABOUT AUGUST 1.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP CO..
250 Market St.. Ban Francisco.
STRIKE!
Hundreds of Thousands
* Are Involved. ,
Trouble In an Important Part of the Or-
ganization Affects All the Rest— A Per-
fectly Harmonious System Easily .
Thrown Out of Gear.
Organized labor has reached such a
stage that anything: affecting a particular
branch of it draws all the rest Into the
difficulty. ,•'•'¦ -J ¦
It Is exactly the same way with the dif-
ferent organs of the human body. Work
too hard, eat too much, drink too much.
exercise but little, be a little Irregular In
any way. and the liver quits work.
Then the bowels become constipated
and - the stomach goes on strike. The
heart Is affected, the brain follows suit
and every part in the body Is dragged
Into the trouble.
The only way out of It Is to go At the
eource of all this — the liver. Square your-
self with the liver and all will get back
to regular natural work.
Cascarets Candy Cathartic make things
right with the liver. They perfume the
breath, prevent food from souring on the
Btomach, give tone to . the. - bowels,
strengthen the intestinal muscles, while
they are cleaning and stirring up the liver
to renewed activity.
No matter how long a case has been in-
curable, Cascarets are guaranteed to put
things light as they should be, and set
the whole machinery a-going. And you
can get them at any drugstore or by mall
for price— loc, 25c or 50c. Address Sterling
Remedy Co., Chicago or New Tork.
V This Is the CASCARET tab-
/ '/a o/a\ let - Every tablet of the only
I fi fr li I genuine Cascarcts bears the
I lalijl»J marie letters "CC C." Look
iv A- at. tho tablet before you buy,
N * and beware of frauds, imita-
tions and substitutes.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA KORTHWESTERS HI CO,
Lessee of San Francisco and Xorth Pacific
Railway Company.
The Picturesque Route of California.
FOR THE
Fourth of July
On TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY,
July -3 and
Round-trip tickets will be sold from San Fran-
clsco to all points north of San Ra-
fael at the rate of
As follows
ONE SINGLE FARE
Petaluma II Wh Geyservllla W 5J
Santa Rosa 1 50 Cloverdale 3 00
Sabastopol 180 Hopland 3 80
Guerneville 2 50 Uklah 4 50
•Windsor 195 Sonoma 100
Healdsburg 2 23 Glen Ellen 1 20
Lvtton 2 40
Return Limit. THURSDAT, July sth. 1300.
Oa SATURDAY, SUNDAY, MONDAY,
June 30th, July Jst. July id. Round trip tickets
will be sold from San Francisco to all points
north of San Rafael at the following RE-
DUCED RATES:
Petaluma $1 s<> Geyservllle (3 85
Santa Rosa 2 25 Cloverdale 4 50
Sebastopol 2 "° Sonoma 1 50
Guerneville 3 73 Glen Ellen 1 80
Windsor 2 95 Hopland 5 00
Healdsburs 3 40! ITkiah 5 09
Lvtton 3 €0)
Return Limit. THURSDAT. July sth. 1900.
For further information apply at ticket office,
660 MARKET ST., Chronicle building:, or TIB-
URON FERRY, foot of Market st. General
Office Mutual Life building-, 212 Sansome et.
R. X. RYAN. Gen' l Pass. Agent.
.. . H. C. "WHITING. -General Manager.
5 See our Saturday $
* Eastman's ««&» EAfll^Biiaß»l fOOO-180 *
&: Royal Violet WSSs fi!^^wM§!B@ 11111 Tooth Brushes, *
I Rignlar 10c Package. P" tfoldgnßnlf g^T^aft ¦ S special sale |
it To-day 6c. caufornu's largest-amer»ca-s orandest store. To-day 7c. v
I Clothing Bargains, Two Days. %%fs Cha " i
J» Choice of Any Man's $15. G0 Suit in the store until clo3ing Gloves *$
V time Saturday night for $12.00. o^^-^k ' G3g. *
* Men's Pants— worth $3.00 to §6.oo— at one- quarter of f oiq pairs- a coodS
it regular prices until closing time Saturday night. GG ' OTe £or Tacatioa -«r
I Boys' $6.00 and $6.50 Suits, $4.95-lAmgv*at*. dark {S^^'^^ioSS
patterns and blue cheviots, UDtil closing time Saturday. white, natural, tan,'JJ
S Children's $3.50 Vestee Suits, $2.19-k\\ wool, pretty "^"J ll™\°* .T*?..*?* S3c%
S stvle^, coat or sailor coliar, until closin? time Saturdar. Sa i»s TabTe9-^Main"*Ai!.ie""" " 5
X — — — —^jj
I Special Fireworks Department for season 1900 is at 924 and 926 3
X Market Street, under the Hildwin zAnnex, opposite Thi Emporium. Assortments for Home "Display,
5 packed in boxes from $1.00 to $10.00. Jill kinds of American made fireworks at lowest prices. g
6 __________________ jj
S[ 43c Yard for 50c Special Sale ;5
I 6Og Dress Goods. Vests for _§s&Ta\ RihSsonSm |
it Until closing time to-nieht we offer all of O#?#» ) / Tn.D^v fFri/Inv\ Dnht «2
* oar 32-inch plain Woof Chal- Ifc'l / I JO-Da? it May) UMy. , *
* iIOS, ehades of gray, brown, bue, ?. ... .. .... \t\S / 500 yards all-sHk fancy Ribbons, ia brii- 5}
I tar, cardinal and evening colors - - La J :e3 Medram-weight a Jtffyy liant 8O '! d color3 ' " cb M P Jak ' blne « 5
ff, 40 inch Colored Alpacas -- «wcMnedE:jpiiD i^ W/ crean, cerise, white, cardinal eta;£
h end 46-inch all-wool Storm Gc( " on . Vestij. high ,| JKj> \h, width. 4 Jincheg. an extra valna - Q £
i Serge in all of the standard colors, ¦ neck, long -leere*; \Y% I" 1 / at 25c the yard; to-day....-.....*^ $
*: regnlarlv 60c yard. to-day Jg?' J and / 8^ \ / \'/ 4CO yards all silk black fancy Ribbons, 3§ J
J. sales Tables— Main Aisle. "r&im front; Ai.ord cut \a \ inches wide, a good 2oc per yard mr% 2
ft sleeves; a pretty / \ quality, to-day „....»*#€? jj
it ; fl;sh color; never a old 350 yards heavy qnalitv double-faced Jf
U regularly at less than 50c c Bayadere Roman stripe Fancy <___ _|
J> /•*»¦«#-•-' each; fo-cfay _CO€? Ribbon, 50c valne; to-day mJmfC ••
if fG?^ VM*tyVn& mm Second Aisle-Left of Entrance.. Sales Tables-Main Aisle. jf
? *&o Chemise. " 5
I .J L Special „. *mm . *- Millinery Specials. X
* /^S^A Sale. Sheet RfIUSiC, 17C. Walkingor ShadeHaU, Jt
* ( <APTIIn Fine Nainsook Mar- Four new instrumental pieces and 6 popn'ar- Jumbo brafda, soma (--* ¦ N -,'. ' V
t- I'S^v row? of Torchon lace in "Smoky Moke?" Cake Walk. O3y, S?ecal at /V> / J h!./ /$\ w
* /.'.¦? , .': rOWsOI iorcnon lace m- .. An O]d Ke - ntuck} . Barbecue." March and f£?*lfr}zJ*Q. "2
* // ' ribbon band at waist, -You/- song by Robyn. e «_~ -,\, — ,-n a KS&+2iJ£££> . ,«C
** // I." alwayj $2.25 each, spe- -Ms- Mobile xefi." soni. some with qmlla and <t^=T^s >»
If If I) __ J a | way3 # r ; -' 60 eacn> spe -she Premised to Be Mine." rosettes, price al- s*^ •** %fS *
it // I TTT\ cial ••*" _&» EZf% "I Ain't Seen No Messenger Boy." gi m qn p r ;-,l Cl- Sr Jt
C* 4te_l H A _»avonlv SJ.OU "Tour Moneys No Good." wa J3J 3 * l - M > special Jf '•
*^S ai *^^ 1 rL^2'^§i /V>wn " She Rests b >- the Suwanee River." id-day 45p \=^\ «
» t-rencn uown Muslc Derartment _second Floor. $1.00 Jumbo Sailors ifei^k %
J D ° fine c 3^ 1 " 10 ' lace for SOo f^f^&^ 5
_? v trimmed, good pearl but- ¦ f " 00 fin"** Mii" S 1 "o^^ "*•
I i SZ%^±SI.W Dimities, Batistes, aS^ss=!^^^B I
g s " ol>dFloo^ JSc Goods for 9c. ss e ™«jw
I ' ' r°sl?t*S°^'?Srm«Groceries,Liiiuors.r °$l?t*S°^'?Srm«Groceries,Liiiuors. {
k^ Sad _^— , Batistes — every piece new style and Fancy .Fresh Creamery ButtOl*; re^n- 5f
& gmmgmgfa =^z\ fresh from the maker; mapy styles and ular squares; to-dsyr — .....32c
If Mw^OnSff y^Z^mZ^Sf^^L colors; regularly 15c thi yard, q Fresh Shrimps in tomato sance; a3f
if Q2C /' / v^\ >^ or wC deh'cions picnic food; to-day, ti23..//c •*
£ c»_ ,4. - AJ=± — j?-^U»^^ Rotunda. . Rex Brand Corn Socf; 1-pound 5
I- «c«» fe§m^g!zs tiES = to-day, 2 tins 25c %
tf "Mr?. Potts" H§|ll^^§p Imported Sardines; h; Daadicile & S
*I Sid Iron.s^*^- - =s^ H*St*ftjS £&fiitzlt**& in Giudin'a Assone Brand: 2 tfai3 ...250 '2
I nickel finish- «* ***?. *tTZ '° G .IZ F«' h English Milk Crackers; %
H ed, removable handles and stand, set Sterling Sllver 9 33 C* pound Qc _
of three, regular y $1.25, to- OO- Not a ve.y large lot of these: Columbus Silted Sugar Peas; 2-lb •}
S i&rtenMd&™n%l l^§m I^h™ 5 ' I%%°' f^^'cSp^SSS'S^S :?
*? si^dJapannedDnstPanandanall-tris- ggJS-I^ " SS-?S£-r« t»J' to the pound: p« p0und....... -7o •'
I House F«rni S hin es -Ma.n Floor. Two styles ofi Sterling Silver Handles Am^ g pickled p/gs r e ' o jf sp] £ -j
i ' rre3:n are WMskryi's' rears :?
g <*1 Rn Ye>hl a old; full quarts; /o-iiy 87c *
J. 9m. O U tame !Ss^~^ Lolbig'a Beef, Iron ant§ £
}f Knivss, St. l 3. ___-_- -_^^I__^^V ™'.Z°!..!!!?.!?*T: ; to ' dJJ ' t jjo •*
_^ TO'day-xe offer John Russell's cele- *- - I H^^ Y Blackberry Brandy; very best; full quart \
tt brated cutlery— White bone-handed s^^^=o>*>o4^Sf bottles; tc-djy : G3o J*
*k Table Knives, a set of six, «-) 925-1900 fine, on special sale to-day, o -p Champion Bourbon Whisky, p?r 'J
J that i? regularly $1.50, for each J«?C gallon $2,88 J
tk Cutlery Department — Rotunda. Jewelry Deoartment — Rotunda. Main Floor-^-Rear. Jt
'VHK EMPOBITJM.
THE EIKIPOBTUM.
THE EMPOBITJM.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'> Steamer* leave Broadway
»^ wharf. San Francisco:
ra^.. For Alaskan porta— U a. zn..
Fg^^ttfc. J-J"e 30. July Z. Change to
t*»pj«»t company's jtearr.ers at Seattlf.
«s^*sltV^ F '~ r v 'ctorla, Vancouver (B
iHaiiaf C.), Port Townsend. Seattle.
Uq^^e^SSAl Tacoma. Everett. Anacort^
I and Nf?w WTiatcom (T\'ash.>—
11 a. m.. June 30, July 5,
and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamen
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N P
Ry-: at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— lD a. m. July
I. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
¦uccs. Port Harford (3an Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pe-iro*
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-^
9 a. m.. July 2, and every fourth day there-
after.
For San Dieso. stojiplnir only at Port Har-
fCTd (San Lois Obtspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Lcs Angeles)— ij a.
m.. June 30, July 4, and every fourth day
thereafter. *
For Knsenada. Masdalena. Bay. San Jrwe del
Cabo, Maxatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Royal:*
and Guajtnas (Mexico)— lo a. ra.. 7ta of each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders. •
FOROLD SCRIP-J. S. W.. Lovelock. Nev
As you do not describe the kind of scrip
you inf ormaUon " about, but simply
ARRIVALS-A Newcomer
City. If you will look at the hotel ar
rivals in The Call you wtll see
t£ at^t, glveil the a "? vals hotelTothe?
than those named -In your communica
tion. ¦ .
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CLIFF TO ROCK-Subscriber, City The
RoTfsSMS. IIO^ to the Seal
c WARNING FOR THE FOURTH-
AMONG the preparations for the celebration of*
the Fourth of July there must be arrange
ments for guarding against fire as far as pos
sible and for -promptly extinguishing it in case it
should occur. Such preparations should be made
not only by the municipal authorities, but by every
householder.-
San Francisco has had marvelously good luck in es
caping up to, this time any such thing as an extensive
conflagration, and the same kind fortune may con
tinue to attend her for years to come, but it is not
safe to count on it. We have never had a big Fourth
of July fire such as has destroyed many millions of
dollars' worth of property in other cities, but a very
little-carelessness may cause one here as it has caused
them elsewhere. It behooves us, therefore, to
be watchful and to take every precaution against the
danger.
Fire constitutes one of the greatest annual wastes
in American cities, as it docs in American forests.
In the Forum for July William J. Boies of New York
states' that, in 1899 the property destroyed by fire in
the United States exceeded the sum of $150,000,000,
and figures are given of losses thus far in the current
year which justify the estimate that the fire loss for
1900 will be upward of $175,000,000. Every city in' the
country will contribute. to the loss, no matter how
careful thepcople and how vigilant the Fire Depart
ment may be, and it is safe to say a considerable part
of each city's contribution will be made as a result of
carelessness on the "Glorious Fourth."
Owing to the fact that our summers in San Fran
cisco are not dry and parched as in the East, and to
The Boxers of China, it is said, drink their own
blood mixed with wafer. It is reasonably certain that
nobody would object if they drank the red fluid undi
luted.
Arother ftrike is on in Havana. If the Cubans
cannot prove their assimilation of American methods
i?j one way they can in another.
It begins to look as-if the bloody warfare in South
Africa is nearing the beginning of the end. General
Roberts and General Botha have descended to the
harmless practice of writing one another letters.
The ability with which a local Chinese unearthed
the robbers of his household suggests that Chief Sul
livan might to advantage make his detective force
a little more cosmopolitan than it Is. r -
The burglar who made such a spectacular display
in a Mission household has evidently missed his voca
tion. He would have earned greater success as a
writer of melodrama.
William Jennings Bryan is convinced that he should
have in two Vice Presidential nominees two tails to
his political kite. He probably thinks that in his
approaching campaign flight he will need something
very unusual to keep him from getting off the earth.
Asylum scandals are following one another in
rapid succession. First it was Ukiah, and now it is
Agnews. His Excellency the Governor appears to
be' overlooking an opportunity to make one of those
spectacular investigations to which he is so partial.
The thirst of some Berkeleyites must be of that ex
travagant variety which will stop at nothing short of
satisfaction. The saloon-keepers are trying now to
destroy even the courts that the glass which cheers
may be filled.
SOME BIDS FOR BRYAN.
T-NROMlNENT; Prohibitionists are said to be
I — / making arrangements to Bryan a million
A votes on condition that the Democratic con
vention at Kansas City adopt a platform pledging the
party to prohibition. The offer is one pf the humors
01 the campaign. Bryan himself will doubtless be
willing to accept it, for he doesn't drink, but the
sight of a Democratic convention debating an anti
whisky platform would be one of the tjiings that
would give an air of hilarity even to a graveyard.
That, however^ is not to be the only offer Bryan
h to receive, if all reports be true, for it is said the
anti-imperialists are to make him a proffer their
support provided his convention hurl damnation at
anybody who suggests a continuance of- our flag in
the Philippines. Here again Bryan will doubtless be
willing to accept, for he is ready to hurl the lashing
of his tongue at almost anything that exists,- but just
how he is going to get Morgan and the Southern
delegates to consent to such a'plank is not apparent.
By way of making room for one or perhaps both of
the proposed planks, Jacob Ruppert Jr. of New York,
who is now in Kansas City making arrangements for
the delegation from that State, is reported to have
declared in favor of dropping the free silver plank.
He is quoted as saying: "There are so many issues
more important, that I think free silver need riot be
mentioned at all. The party; in the East will not
stand for Jree silver."
Here, then, are all the elements, required to make
chaos •come again and settle down on Kansas City
like a thousand of brick. What. would it 'profit Tam
many to have the .silver plank excluded and a pro
hibition^ plank put in its place? How will the South
like a suppression of the free coinage proposition in
order to make room for a quotation from the Declara
tion of Independence to the effect that governments
derive their just powers from the consent of the gov
erned; that 'Filipinos and negroes have a right- to
vote, and that, whoever deprives them of such rights
h,a villain whom it were base flattery to call a tyrant?
The one wise Democrat in the land is Henry .Wat-,
terson. who has given notice that platforms are worth
nothing and that he doesn't care what is put in his.
Hcwould accept the prohibition offer as willingly as
Bryan, andthen take a drink of straight Bourbon 10
the success of the ticket.' A Democratico-Populo-
Prohibition ticket would make a good toast in any
man's mouth, and Watterson is just the man to whoop
it up.. Whether there would be a million votes in the
country for such a combination is doubtful, but ex
periment is '.'• worth trying. The Democratic
donkey is so heavily loaded" already that one more
bag^of sweepings wouldn't hurt him much, while
sight of the animal so burdened would be to the popu
lace as good as a circus.. As a matter of fact a coali
tion of Democrats and Prohibitionists is something
the country would like to see, and the. scenes that
would follow as the members of the allied hosts tried
to affiliate would make the campaign a season of un
interrupted gayety.-
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
mLL-E. RELJDA, the California
soprano, has recently achieved a
distinguished success In "Lakme"
at the Opera. Comique, Paris.
Miss Relda is a pupil of Mme.
Colonne, the wife of Director Colonne of
the famous Colonne concerts, and Is cred
ited in Paris with a rarely beautiful voice.
Ellen Beach Yaw, well remembered here
as the "altitudlnous soprano," Is also in
Paris, studying with Mme. Marchesl. Miss
Yaw has entirely abandoned the field of
freak vocalism and under the able tuition
of Marches! has succeeded in achieving
a full round tone throughout, her voice
at the same time retaining almost the
whole of her extraordinary compass. In
the "Rose of Persia," written around
Miss Yaw by Sir Arthu/ Sullivan, and in
which she attained, a considerable success
last season, London probably saw Miss
Yaw's last appearance on the comic opera
stage. She will hereafter devote herself
to more serious work. "^ '
Mrs. Marrlner-Campbell has gone south
foY a short vacation.
Miss Hulda~Andersen is at Mount Ma
donna,- near Gilroy, the guest of Mrs.
Her.ry Miller, ~; Miss Andersen will stay
for two months in. the country.
Ferdinand Stark, the popular conductor
of the Louvre orchestra, has resighed his
position, the resignation to take effect in
about six weeks. -
Beatrice Prlest-Fln<», the California so
prano, has lately appeared at the Kalten
born concerts in J>ew York and received
most flattering notice on her excellent
work. Mrs. Fine sang the Faust "Jewel
Song."
Ernest Lent, the cellist, and Mrs. Lent
are in Washington, D. C, and have re
cently been most successful in concert
there.
The Impending departure of the clever
Lambardl people from Fischer's concert
house recalls the curious career of the
ill-fated Company in California. The
Lambardl Opers^ Company arrived In Los
Angeles, where they made. their first ap
pearance, about two years ago. They
traveledvin truly patriarchal fashion a la
caravanserie, bringing with them pots and
pans, kettles and even stoves from far
Italy to this — supposed w- pan-forsaken
country of the West! Incidentally, also,
they brought a . freight bilj which, con
structed on the plan of all the traffic
would bear, practically ruined them. As
to scenery the company's effects were of
the Elizabethan order as regards sim
plicity, but the chorus and orchestra—
both excellent from a musical standpoint
—were imported from Italy. Under such
unfortunate auspices the Los Angeles sea
son began. -There were small audiences
and the company was not paid and at last
separated to try their individual luck in
various towns and cities^ of 'the West
Slgnorinas Polletttni aria Barducci and
Slgnor Badaracco, have been singing at
Fischer's concert house for some months
now, displaying an astonishing extent of
repertoire. The lyric tenor, Russo, whose
Count Almaviva was so remarkable a
performance., has been engaged by Grau
for the Savage-Grau English Opera Com
pany.
Signorlna Repetto. the finest lyric so
prano that we have heard in many years
was married recently. to Ferrari, the dra
matic , :and returned with him
io .} X ?}li Salassa.aml Avedano are also
satlsfjMorily accounted for. They will
fei?/5fi U « rnla ?- ext monthand » new
l^am « rdi Opera Company has just been
fssiise^sa- v is hoped with mor *
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. L. R. Lande of* Los Angelea is at
the Grand.
G. Migliavacca, a wine grower of Napa,
is at the Grand.
J. H. Carr. an attorney of Los Angeles,
is at the Occidental.
Superior Judge "W. A. Anderson of Sac
ramento Is at the Lick. ,
N. E. de Yoe, a banker and merchant
of Modesto, is at the Lick.
Todd C. Woodworth, a mining man of
Sutter Creek, is at the Grand.
A.' H. Conklln.ari attorney of San T>U
ego, and his wife are. at. the Lick.
H. \V. Johnson, a well-known attorney
of Sacramento, is at the California. *ji
C. C-. : "Wright, an attorney of Los An
geles and author of the Wright irriga
tion law, is at the Lick.
J. H. Henry of San Jose, one of the del
egates to the Democratic National Con
ventlon, is at the Palace.
Fred M. Jennings, Under Sheriff of San
Diego County, arrived in the city yester
day on the steamer Corona,
Nat Stewart, Sheriff of Santa Barbara
County, arrived on the steamer Corona
yesterday with a prisoner en route to San
Quentin.
Homer Eaton, New York manager of
the Methodist book concern, and H. P.'
Jennings, ita Cincinnati manager, are
guests at the Occidental.
Frank W. Griffin, a mining engineer of
Oroville.'who has same big gold dredging
machines in operation In that part of the
State, is at the California,
Colonel S. M. Mills, former command
ant of the garrison at Honolulu, and his
wife are at the California. They expect
to return to the islands in the near fu
ture.*./, . -
G. Merllng of Berlin, who has been the
German Consul General to Slam during
the past three years, -arrived at the Occi
dental yesterday on "-Ms way to Germany.
Dr. Charles V. Cross of this city has
returned from his tour through the web
foot State. During his trip north he an
chored for two weeks, at Upper Soda
Springs and on the sunny side of Castle
Crag.
Dr. J?. A. Hesler of the navy, recently
in charge of the hospital at Boston; is
at the Palace. He is a bacteriologist ot
note, and during his travels In other lands
has made a close study of such diseases
as the black plague and lep % rosy.
\<=H APTAIN JOHN P. ROBERTS, of
([ Shanghai, who arrived on the
V_^ Eteamer Nippon Maru in company
. with his- wife yesterday, has not
been out of China in thirty-eight yeai3
and has not visited this city since 1853.
Prior to making ; Shanghai his home he
was a master mariner and since that
time became famous as a wrecker in Chi
nese waters. He floated the Pacific Mall
steamship wrecked, off Hongkong in 1874,
and during the following year commenced
what proved to be the greatest feat in
wrecking on record. This latter was thq
locating of the wreck of. the Pacific Mall
steamer Japan, which had been burned ,to
the .water's edge and sunk in the open
oca in twenty-one and ahalf fathoms of
water. There was 1340,000 in treasure on
board and Captain Roberts was employed
by the underwriters to recover it- It took
him from January to the latter part of
September to locate the wreck and, three
years elapsed before, he was successful ' in
securing all' the money. ¦
, "Now T am" going back to my old home
in New York State,", said Captain Roberts
at the Palace yesterday, "to get some idea
of how the world has progressed since I
left it. I had my, first ride in. an elevator
at Honolulu the other day and I have not
yet been in an electric ; car. The tall
buildings almost frighten me and I . am
sure : that everybody suspects that I am
from the .backwoods. .' t.
•. "When I i was last in; this city, Jin 1853,
I slept one night in a room that had been
lathed but not plastered and the wind
nearly blew the covers off me. The night's
lodging^ ; without breakfast/cost , me . fJ; I
suppose that breakfast would_ have cost
me ?20 more. \ .
.."r went to China in LIS62L 1S62 with. a big
side-wheel steamer named the HuTQuang,
which : was •' intended . for ; river ". travel. I
had a' hard time getting, her around Good
Hope. She. was burned a few years later.'
."•We, had .heard, nothing: of the Boxer
trouble in our . part ; of the ' country up -to
the time we. left,, but we have for years
expected an uprising , in the north -, of
China. "The storm has been gathering for
a long time. If the powers are firm and
make a bold front I think the trouble will
soon be over. The Boxer movement is
nothing more than a mob movement.
They have no capable leaders and as soon
as the first line is beaten down the rest
of the crowd will scatter like the wind.
There can be no doubt that the old Em
press is at the bottom of it all. If they
had European officers for their army the
Chinese would be hard to overcome, but
It will not be much of a task under pres
ent conditions.".
say that they are a WO bill of IS7S and a
530 bill of 1579, this department cannot
inform you as to their value.
INFORMATION BUREAU-F. C. H.,
San Jose. Cal. There is no special infor
mation bureau under the management of
the United States Government in Wash
ington, D. C, but in each department
of the Government there Is a bureau of
Information. ' < .-• ¦
RELIGIOUS DENOMINATIOXS-F. C.
H., San Jose, Cal. In the division of tha
census of IS3O devoted to religious denom
inations of the United States the follow
ing classes are included: Christian Con
nection,-Christian Church South, Chris
tian Missionary Association, Christian
Scientists and Christian Union.
PIGEONS-D. M., City. There is no
law that requires owners of pigeons In
San Francisco to keep the same within
an inclosure and prevent them from fly
ing out of the inclosure. If your neigh
bors have so many pigeons as to be a
nuisance, you have your remedy at law to
have the nuisance abated.
TAXES IN NEW MEXICO— S., Sunol,
Cal. If you desire to know what has be
come of property in New Mexico upon
which the owner neglected to pay taxes
for ten years, and whether tie owner
has any right of redemption in case tho
property was f.old, write to the Assessor
of the county In, 'which the property J3
located.
HECTOGRAPH— D. J. L.. City. Tha
following is given as the method used to
make hectographs: Soak an ounce of gel
atin over night in enough cold water ro
cover it well, taking care that all the
gelatin is swelled. Prepare a salt bath
by dissolving two ounces of common salt
in a pint of water. Heat seven or eight
ounces of pure glycerin over the salt
water bath at a temperature of 200 ds
grees Fahrenheit. Then pour oft from the
gelatin all water not absorbed, add tha
gelatin to the hot glycerin, continuing the
heat in jr for an hour, carefully stirring the
mixture occasionally, avoiding as much
as possible the formation nf bubbles.
Finally add twenty drops of the oil of
cloves to prevent decomposition. The
preparation is then ready to be poured
Into shallow tins in which It is to be used.
After the tins have been filled they must
remain in a level position in. a cool plire
for at least five hours before they can be
used.
THE RESTORATION OF POLAND.
SOME citizens of Prussian Poland are on trial in
a German tribunal for high treason, charged
with plotting for the 'restoration of the king
dom of Poland- The very name of that nation has to
this generation a far-away sound, and to plot* for its
restoration seems as fantastic as to scheme the re
investment of the Assyrian empire and the restora
tion of the gauds and glories of Babylon and Nine
veh.
The destruction of Polish monarchy and the par
tition of that state were acts used as a text in the les
sons of liberty which were taught the people of the
world during the last century. In its day this destruc
tion of one of the oldest states of Europe was re
garded as such a crime that the nations guilty of it
ventured no defense. Southern Europe owed as
much to Poland as to France for checking the inva
sion of Islam. The defeat oMhe Mahometans at the
battle of Tours by Charles Martel was said to have
saved the modern wor'.d from being entirely Ma
hometan, and had Abderrahman defeated Mar
tel that day the Koran would now be expounded in
the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and our
Puritan forefathers would not have been Puritans at
all, but rather Impuritans. judged by our existing
standards of morality. ;
Be this as it may, it is certain that Mahometanism
would have been carried by the Turk far up the
Danube had it not been for John Sobieski and his
army of Poles, who raised the siege of Vienna and
beat back the hordes of Turks which invested it.
Bat the very nations which benefited by Polish valor
were the first to forget the debt While it is not a
foundation for pessimism, it is not without interest
as bearing upon the change th2t has come in popular
sentiment, that the partition of Poland would excite
less aversion now than it did when the crime was
committed. The order that reigned in Warsaw, where
Suraroff "created a solitude and called it peace," has
been established in many places since. England is
endeavoring to confer it upon the Transvaal and we
are working at it in the Philippines. The old lesson,
like others that fed the spirit of patriotism, is fading
more and more. The funeral of Poland seems so very
long ago that the trial of these men for treason be-
C2use they dreamed of restoration of that kingdom
sounds like trying the invader of the tomb of Aga
memnon for body-snatching.
THE COMMERCIAL MUSEUM.
REPORTS submitted at the meeting of the mem
bership committee of the Pacific Commercial
Museum on Tuesday were to the effect that
up to that time 168 firms have signed the rolls as
members, and that a sufficient number of promises
have been received to assure a membership of 175.
Thus but a little more exertion seems required to
bring the membership up to the 200 mark, which has
been deemed necessary to perfect the organization.
The enterprise is one of considerable magnitude,
and it is perhaps for that reason some firms in the
city hesitate to take part in it. The very magnitude
is, however, one of the best assurances of the success
pi the movement, if it can be once started. Large
bodies are difficult to put in motion, but once the
motion has been given they go forward thereafter
largely through the force of their own momentum.
It is safe to say that if San Francisco establishes the
museum on the scale that has been projected it will
soon attract to itself support not only from all parts
of the coast, but from other sections of the Union as
well. Such was the experience in Philadelphia, and
there is no reason to doubt it will be repeated here.
coming.
A Pacific museum is needed by the commerce of
the country to supplement the great institution that
has proven so beneficial on the Atlantic side of the
continent. That much has been asserted by the Phila
delphians themselvesi Thus what is undertaken here
will be in line with a widespread demand, and its
movement will be aided by a well nigh universal im
pulse. The one thing dependent upon San Francisco
is to start the ball rolling. The world helps those
who help themselves. Let us establish the Pacific
museum, and aid to maintain ie will -soon be forth-
If we are to have the museum at ajl,it can hardly
be worth while to point out to intelligent merchants
and manufacturers the importance of starting it at
once. Events in the Orient are moving forward with
startling 'rapidity. In the present Chinese crisis there
are forces at work which may bring about a dismem
berment of the empire, and it is certain that out of
the disturbances will result a much larger opening
for foreign trade with all parts of China. This, there
fore, is the time when action will be most profitable.
It is to be hoped the full membership required for
organizing the association and getting to work will
be enrolled promptly. Every progressive and enter
prising merchant and manufacturer in the State
should be among those who will have the honor of
launching a movement calculated to be of such vast
benefit to all.
mISS JOHANNA FRISCO, orang
outang, of the Chutes, is dead.
She perished in a fire which de
stroyed a part of the building
adjoining the "Casino," on the north side,
yesterday. The fire broke out shortly be
fore noon, and when . the flames were
Quenched the great Simian had breathed
her last.
, The building in which Johanna met her
death was one used as a lodging by the
Chutes employes. A room In it was oc
cupied by Ed Rabe, an animal keeper. He
had under his care the orang-outang and
a cage of valuable Australian finches. The
latter were recent arrivals and had been
placed there until accommodations co*ud
a gloom. Rabe and Spellman. who trained
the animal, refuse to be comforted ami
grieve for their pet as for some dear
friend.
Johanna Frisco was Imported here
about a year ago. She was quite young
and one of the cleverest Simian perform
ers since the famous Joe Storms. In the
Darwinian Temple an elaborate bedroom
was fitted up for her, and here every
night her trainers put her through an ex
hibitton which made the audience look at
one another and think of Darwin's teach
ings. She was In perfect health and did
not show a trace of consumption, to
which all her predecessors had fallen
early victims. The management will try
to replace her, but such another will be
hard to find.
i- SIMIAN SKETCH ARTIST
SUFFOCATED IN SMOKE OF
THE BLAZE SHE HERSELF
KINDLED.
be found for them. All these were burned
to a crisp in their wire cage.
Johanna Frisco,' like ail her species, did
not take kindly to the cool Pacific
breezes. She was on that account kept
in Rabe's room. To keep up the required
temperature a gas stove was kept, burn
ing night and day. ; In some way the go
rilla, whose cage was only a short dis
tance from this stove, must have dragged
some curtains and bedding into the burn
ing gas jets. The flames, thus started
spfead rapidly, and If the flre had not
been discovered early a very serious con
flagration might have resulted.
Kabe was walking in the grounds when
a cry from Gatekeeper Ike Willis directed
his attention to the building, from which
clouds of smoke were pouring out of door
and windows. - .... »_
Without a moment s hesitation he
dashed Into the place, but he had scarcely
crossed the threshold when he fell, over
come by smoke.
Another keeper named Spellman rol
lowed Rabe into the building. He man
aged to reach Johanna Irisco. and lift
ing her In his arms he regained the air
Just as the firemen arrived on the scene
and dragged Rabe out. The rescue of the
orang-outang came too late. Poor Jo
hanna had been suffocated and no amount
of skill would ever restore life to her.
When Spellman heard that there was no
hope he burst into tears.
"There never was one Hke her, he
cried. "I taught her Ydl she knew. Now
she's dead." ¦» I.T "«_ ?.»
But little damage was done to the build
ing, with the exception of Rabe's room.
After the roof had been ripped off tha
firemen soon had the flames under con
trol. Rabe after a few minutes recovered
from his stupor and last night was again
attending to his duties as usual. All over
the Chutes the death of Johanna has cast
THE CHINATOWN PROBLEM.
BY the Public Improvement Central Club there
has been adopted a set of resolutiolis calling
for the appointment of an advisory board of
one hundred reliable business men to thoroughly in
vestigate Chinatown, to submit plans for the enforce
ment of sanitary regulations within it, and also for
the ultimate removal of the Chinese from their pres
ent location.
The resolutions are an evidence of the condition
of public sentiment caused by the ill-advised attempts
of the Board of Health and the Federal quarantine of
ficer to quarantine Chinatown under the pretense of
the existence there of the bubonic plague. They afford
a striking illustration of. the eagerness of the people
to rid San Francisco of a district which, if not afflicted
with pestilence, is none the less a nuisance and a
menace to the community. For that reason they are
entitled to the earnest consideration of thoughtful
citizens, and will doubtless receive it.
Whether or.no it shall become needful to appoint
such a committee depends upon the Grand Jury now
in session. That body can investigate Chinatown with
more authority and therefore more satisfactorily flian
a committee of one hundred could do it. Before the
Grand jury all doors must open; any evidence it de
sires to obtain by the examination of witnesses must
be given under oath, and its report must be made with
official responsibility. The Grand Jury therefore can
dc much more than the proposed committee in the
way of inspecting the quarter," and it has the further"*
advantage of being able to file complaints against
those who violate the health ordinances, and thus lead
to their indictment, instead of having to content it
self with submitting recommendations, as the com
mittee would have to do. It is therefore to the Grand
Jury the public should look primarily for action. If
the jury do its full duty there is every reason to ex
pect the enforcement of the sanitary laws in China
town will speedily follow. Should it be otherwise the
people will know the reason why. and upon whom the
The project of bringing about a'Vemoval of the Chi
rese habitations to another quarter of the city is one
of great magnitude, but if well considered plans to
that end be devised they would undoubtedly be re
ceived with favor by an overwhelming majority of the
people. It is probable, however, that if the sanitary
regulations of the city be enforced a removal of a
considerable proportion of the Chinese population
from that district will follow of itself, because many of
the buildings are now overcrowded. Moreover, if the
quarter has to be cleaned up and kept clean, the own
ers of property there may find it profitable to re
move the foul old buildings and replace them, with
tenements which will bring better rents. Much of
the big profits obtained from the buildings at present
is due to the fact that the sanitary laws are not en
forced, and when they are enforced the property
owners may find it necessary to make improvements
in self-defense. ;< >-/~
The Public Improvement Central Club is on the
right track, but there is no occasion yet to forestall the
Grand Jury. Let us see what that body wfll do in the
way of enforcing the law, and then we shall have a
clearer perception of what will have to be done by the
people themselves. /
FRIDAY JUNE 29, ioco
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A'l Communications to VV. S. LEAKE, Manager.
fIAXAGEirS OFFICE Telephone I^«^J^
PUBLICATION OFFICE. .MnrUrt and Tbird. S. BY
Telephone l'reai SOI.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
.Telephone Press 202.
DellTered tor Cnrrler*. 15 Cents Per Weelc
Single Copies, 0 Cegts.
Terms by Mall. Inclndinn Fostacet
DATLT CALL. Onchidlc* Sunday), one year tJ-OJ
DAIL.T CALL CndudlriK gunday). « months «•<£
DAILY CALL Oncluclnt Sunday), I months *-w»
DAILY CALL-fey BJneU Month «*»
SUKDAT CALL One Tec f"2J
WEEKLY CALL One y. . tw»
All postmaster* *rr anthorUed to receive
¦nbbcrlptions.
Earaple ecplea will t - forwarded when requested.
Vtl! subscriber* In ordering cbanre cf address should b«
particular ta riv« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to lnsur» a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
O AJLLAXD OFFICE 1118 Droadiraj
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Xe&< Dlitaaoe Telephone "Central 2519.")
KBW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
. STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
ebormii Hoeae; P. O. !s*«w» Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
p»fy 1 .i.-i T it at aw; Auditorium HoteL.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. n Union Square:
Ksrray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE..; Wellington Hot«.
MORTON £. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRASCI? OFFICES— ITt Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
ur.tll S:SO o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
XtcAUiater. open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
S:SO o'clock. 1341 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpea until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
ur-Ul 9 o'clock. 10C Eleventh, cpen until 9 o'clock. NW cor
per Twtnty-ieccnd and Kentucky, open until > o'clock.
JUDGE BAHRS' decision in\ the Fresno rate
case is in line with public expectation and is a
victory for the law over the Southern Pacific
Company. The Judge holds that the Railroad Com
missioners had jurisdiction to hear and determine the
complaint of the plaintiff in the case, that the law
which prohibits the raising of rates that have been
fixed for competitive purposes is not in violation of
the Federal constitution, and that if the railroad com
pany deem the rates fixed by themselves for competi
tive purposes to be "unreasonable and confiscatory"
the,remedy lies in an appeal to the Commissioners.
In accordance with' that reasoning the court issued a
final and perpetual injunction forbidding the company
from exacting from the public any higher rates than
those fixed at the time the Southern Pacific was com
peting with the San Francisco and San Joaquin Val-
ley Railroad,
The decision is based upon a provision of section 20
of article XII of, the State constitution, which de
clares: ''Whenever a railroad corporation shall, for
the purpose of competing with any other common
carrier, lower its rates for transportation of passen
gers or freight from one point to another, such re
duced rates shall not be again raised or increased
from such standard without the consent of the gov
ernmental authority in which shall be vested the
power to regulate fares and freights."
The evidence heard before the Commissioners at the
time the complaint was under investigation was con
clusive that the law had been violated. The Southern
Pacific Company had reduced its charges for the pur
pose of competing with the Valley Road, and later
had undertaken to raise 'them without obtaining the
consent of the Commissioners. Thus the decision of
Judge Bahrs is in accord with the law and with the
facts, and while an appeal has been taken to the Su
preme Court, it docs not appear that the railroad
company has any ground on which to win unless the
court should hold that section 20 of article XII of the
State constitution is in violation of the constitution of
the United States.
The case is notable because it is the first instance in
many years in which the Railroad Commission has
been of any service to the people. In fact, that it has
proven serviceable in this case is something of a sur
prise, and doubtless was as much so to the railroad as
to the public. Should the Supreme Court sustain the
decision of Judge Bahrs the railroad will have to
apply to the commission for leave to restore the
higher rates that prevailed before the monopoly was
broken by the building of a competitive road, and
we shall then see what the service of the commission
is really worth. In the meantime it has achieved one
victory for the law and the people and deserves credit
for it.
TfiE FRESNO RfITE CASE.
JOHANNA FRISCO MEETS HER
DEATH IN EIRE AT THE CHUTES
the slowness with which our principal building.timber
ignites and consumes, we have less risks to run than
other communities, but; nevertheless, we have enough.
We have a Fire Department of which we are justly,
proud, and every' member of it can be relied upon to
do his duty, but all of these advantages are not
enough to assure immunity from danger. In the general
jubilation of the national holiday there* will be more or,
less risk of firejn all parts of the city. Not a single
building can be said to be absolutely safe from it. It
therefore becomes the duty of the citizens "to co
operate with the municipal authorities in guarding
against disaster on that day. This is one of the occa
sions where a very little carelessness may result in a
heavy loss to the community. *¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JU^E 29, 1900.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS-
IA/. T. HESS.
NOTARY PU3LI3 ASJ ATTORXEY-AT-I.IW.
TentU Floor, Room 1015. Claat SpreckeU Bids. - f
Telephone Brown m. ¦¦¦*
Residence, ttl California «C. below PoweU,
Baa Fraadaco. . : ->"X-i
hMarket and Post Streets.
and other business days'
At 5 P. M.,
June 30th to September ist
inclusive
3 P.* M. on Saturdays
Will Cose Their Store
Shrevfi Company
•NEW LINE OF BUSINESS.
First Stranger— What's your business?
Second Stranger— Private attendant.
First Stranser — To what do you attend?
Second Stranger— To my own business —
Chicago -News.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tfta
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lt> at Townsend's.*
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Oper»-hot>M — Benefit Tor widow and orpnans of James
E. Pweener, this afternoon.
Grand Opera-house— "Chilcrea ot the Ghetto, ' Monday,
Olyinpla, corner Mason acd Eddy streets— Specialties.
CT.utfs, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville e\ery afternoon and
atJames Doherty, a boy aged 13 years,
-while at work In a tannery on York street
yesterday, got his right hand caught in a
piece of machinery, with the result that
the member wag badly mangled. The boy
was • conveyed to the City and County
Hospital, where the wounded member was
dressed, after which he ;was conveyed : to
his home at 1324 York street.
Doherty's Hand Was Mangled/
ARRIVED.
Thursday, June 28.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 64 hours from Port
Los Ambles. ' .
Schr Lizzie Vance, Hardwlclc. - 15 days from
Port.Ludlow. • , ¦¦'¦-¦? :•,-. f
Schr Impossible, Low, 5 hours from Point
** J ***' DOMESTIC PORT.
CASPAR — Arrived June • 28 — Stmr . Cleone.
hence June 27. • , ." ;
OCEAN STEAMERS,
LlZARl>— Passed June 23— Sttnr ' La Cham
pftETte.from Xew, York, for Havre. .:
PLYMOUTH— ArrIv-d June 28— Stmr Augusts
< Victoria,^ from , New .York, for Hamburg, and
proceeded. ;_\::..
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
"Mrs. S. Ruttger, who resides on the cor
ner of Powell and Filbert streets, reported
at the Morgue yesterday the disappear
ance of John M. Gohring, an cx -soldier,
who lodged, in her house. She last saw
him on the 13th, of. this month. He had
heen drinking for some time previous and
she feared that an accident had befallen
him. *He is about ' 42 years old, -5 feet 6
inches tall, and weighs about 100 pounds.
Ex-Soldier Gohring Missing.
Will 2'ot Be Evicted.
G. R. Inglis, an engineer, lives with his
family at 316 Turk st,reet. The landlady,
Mrs. Carrie Harding, wants to get rid of
them, but they refuse to move. Yester
day morning Mrs. Harding got possession
of the rooms occupied by the Inglis family
and locked herself in. She refused to al
low Inglis to enter and he chopped down
the door with an ax and with the assist
ance of his family dragged Mrs. Harding
out- She hurried to the City Hall and
secured a warrant for Inglis' arrest on the
charge of malicious mischief. He was ar
rested and released on cash bail.
United States Marshal, George L. Sei
breith of the Southern District of Arizona
Is at the Palace. He Is here to deport a
dozen Chinese found sneaking across the
Mexican borler. and It is not his first
dozen either. For years Marshal Sei
breith has been the sworn enemy of th«
Chinese and has devoted much of his time
to putting a stop to the work of smuggling
them across the line. It is said that he
has arrested and deported more" Chinese
who were seeking to get into the country
illegally than any other United States
official. . Aside /rom his crusade against
the Chinese Marshal Seibreith is, known
all over the Territory as a terror to ev'l
doers. Since boyhood he has been..dealin:j
with the roughest kind of characters and
has. since he attained hi« majority, al
ways been an officer, eitner for the Ter
ritory or for the United States. He has
now reached middle-age. A dead shot .and
absolutely fearless fighter, he has made
his presence felt all along the Mexican
border and his name is feared and re
spected. Personally. Marshal 'Seibreith It
a pleasant gentleman to meet anywherp.
a gocd story-teller and an equally good
listener. He has many friends in th's
city. J
Chattels.
Marshal Seibreith of Arizona Is Here
to Deport Human
FOE OF ARIZONA
CHINESE SLAVE DEALERS
The third distinguished member -of the
party is Dr. Y. Watenabe, an architect
of the Imperial Navy Department of the
Japanese Government, who 'has been de
tailed to make a tour of this country and
Europe to make a special study of naval
construction. His position is
to that of naval constructor in. the
American navy.
Dr. T. Kochibe, another member of the
party, is a director of the Imperial Geo
logical Survey of Japan and is on his
way to Washington on a tour of re
search and study, having been specially
commissioned by his Government for the
trip. He Is accompanied by a secretary
and servants.
"The Boxer movement did not affect
our locality at all; in fact. v.*e did not
hear of it until we reached the coast. "We
were not molested in any way on our
journey except In a few localities where
a prejudice seemed to exist against for
eigners. I do not think that Western
China will be affected by the Boxer
movement."
An interes-ting party of Japanese ar
rived on the steamer Nippon Maru yester
day and are at the Occidental. M. Ya
mata,. leader of the party, has been a
resident of France for fourteen years
and now holds the position of Japanese
Consul at Lyons. He is accompanied by
his wife, a French lady of excellent fam
ily, whom he met on the occasion of his
first visit to France. . The union has
proved a very happy one. Mr. Yamata
is said to speak the purest French of the
mahy/6f his fellow countrymen who have
learned the language. He Is now on his
way to his station and is ittfcompanied
by three secretaries who have been
trained in the consular service.
Rev. Daniel T. Ekrall and wife, who
have spent six years in Western China
as missionaries for the Baptist church,
arrived at the Occidental yesterday on
their way back to their old home in the
East. They have already been four
months on their journey. It took two
months of hard travel to come from their
station to the coast, where they could
catch the steamer. The Journey was
made for the greater part of the dis
tance in house boats, floating down the
rivers. Many weary miles were covered
afoot, and only occasionally was it pos
sible to get a lift from ox-carts. The
station at v.-hlch the Ekralls have . been
preaching and teaching is one of the
frontier points. Mr. Ekrall -said yeater
day:
Baptist Missionaries Beach This City
on Their Way to Their Homes
in the East.
SPENT SIX YEARS
IN WESTERN CHINA
In Aid of Building' Fund-
An elaborate ? ntertainment for St. Paul*B
Church building wast jriven at the resi
dence of Chief Coroner' 3 Deputy JlcCor
mack at 322 Twenty-ninth street last even-
Irg. The ladles in whose charge the
affair wa3 are: Mrs. McCormack. Mrs.
Shepston. Mrs. Ryan and Mrs. McFar
land. During the evening a handsome
tailor-made pown was raffled off for the
benefit of the fund. The holder of- the
lucky ticket was Mrs. "Walsh of 223 Chen
ery street.
To-night a high jinks will be riven h%^
the Misses Clifford at their residence, y-^j
Clipper street. The proceeds will be do
nated for the same purpose. •
Tried to Poison Himself.
Otto Gunnison. who has been occasion
ally employed In a hay barn at Twelfth
and Mission street?, went there yester
day afternoon under the influence ol
liquor. He pulled a bottle of carbolic acid
out of his pocket and was swallowing the
contents, when one of the men knocked
It out of his hand. He was taken to tha
Receiving Hospital In the patrol wag-on
and the usual antidote administered. He
had swallowed very little of the poison.
shotgun. Morton was still arguing the
matter when we left.
"On the beach it was just CO per, cent
worse than uptown. In the town, as a
general rule, there was only about one
claimant to other men's property in each
case, but on the beach there was never
less than six. Wherever a claim had been
staked out and the owner had left the
district he Invariably found six men to
contest. his rights on his return. Bogus
agents sold things right and left and in
consequence there will be endless litiga
tion before things are straightened out.
No wonder all the big claim owners took
up lawyers with them."
Mrs. Winter's Perilous Trip.
About the only Interesting thing among
the cargo of the Portland was an Esqui
mau dog. This animal was brought all
the way Vrom the Mackenzie River. A
Mrs. Winter and her husband had been
wintering at Herseittl Island among the
whalers when the news of the Cape
Nome strike reached that "uttermost part
of the earth." They at once purchased
v trade"— the Esquimaux designation of
goods— from the whalers and with the
"trade" purchased dogs and a guide from
the Esquimaux. Over the ice and snow,
following the trail made by Mate Tilton,
when he brought out the news from the
frozen-in whalers, they made their, way
to Nome and. were right in the thick of
the excitement when the Portland sailed.
Mrs. Winter sent the pick of her team to
San Francisco, and he is one of the hand
somest Esquimau dogs ever brought out
of the frozen north, not barring* even
those which Lord Lonsdale brought back
after his famous trip.
The Portland will only remain a few
days in port. Just as soon as her out
ward cargo can be put aboard she will
sail again for Nome and York.
STTTP THAT CAME FROM NOME AND ONE OF THE PASSENGERS.
There are at least half a dozen claimants
for every location on the beach, and every
saloon, restaurant, millinery etore, wash
house and lodging house has been let and
sublet until no one knows where he
stands. When the Portland sailed the or
iginal owners had arrived and were as
sertifTg their claims. Free fights were of
dally occurrence. Women and children
had been thrown "on the beach" without
a cent. Men who had paid their last cent
to get a start and found they had been
fooled were polishing up their guns.
Gamblers who had bought locations rt
fused to move, saloon men had armed
guards at the doors of their resorts and
all in all there were prospects of livel>
times. ¦.
Captain Lundquist Gives News.
In talking about the trip north yeater
day Captain Lundquist said: "The trans
port Rosecrans, ..formerly the hospital
ship Missouri, was on the mud flats sixty
miles south of Nome when we started for
home.' The vessel was in no danger un
less a gale came up, and then I- think the
crew would have been In no danger.
"The steamer Charles Nelson had a
hard time "of it in the ice. and finally had
to put back to Dutch Harbor. The vessel
was not damaged, but while she was try
ing to find an opening through the ice
her previsions gave out and she had to
put back. It was she that reported the
Rosecrans on the mud flats.
"The Charles Nelson got back to Un
alaska on June 18 and the chances are
that she is now at Cape Nome.
"There was only a small supply of coal
at Dutch Harl^or and Unalaska, but many
coal vessels were expected, so there will
be no shortage.
"All that was left of the bark Alaska
when we left Nome was her port bow.
She was driven ashore during a hurricane
If the Portland brought neither passen
gers nor gold from the gold fields, she
carried news of lively times at the new
El Dorado and prospects of bloodshed be
fore matters can be straightened out.
j f-ipiHß Alaska Commercial Company's
Portland— the first steamer from
H Norne — made port yesterday. Much
to the surprise of the hotel men, she
| brought only five passengers, and to the
; disgust of the people who expected to see
i millions in her treasure room, she brought
i only an ounce of gold. Even that ounce
j is In the shape of a curio at the end. of
I Captain Lundquist's watchchain. Of the
j five passengers on the steamer some were
Russian missionaries and the others were
men who wintered at Dutch Harbor. The
steamer only lay a few hours at Nome,
as .Captain Lundquist's instructions were
to get back to San Francisco as quickly
as possible. That accounts for the fact
that no treasure came down on the
steamer, but the company expects at
least a million on the St. Paul.
"What a man gets hold of up there he
keeps, and in many instances keeps it at
the point of a gun. Restaurants, lodging
houses, saloons, stores, barber-shops and
in fact all kinds of businesses were left in
the hands of agents last fall while the
owners went to San Francisco for the
winter. These agents have sold the places
and cleared out with the money. Now the
original owners are appearing on the
scene and there are 'razors in the air.'
"On the trip from San Francisco to
Nome we had a passenger named Morton.
He owned a fine restaurant and lodging
house at Anvil City when he left for home
last September,, but when he got back
there ft- couple of weeks ago he wasn't
sure where he came off. The Curley sis
ters were running his restaurant, the
Hayden girls had a millinery establish
ment in the upstairs portion of the house
and over all there was a manager with a
»-fr— »-<^-»— ¦s> ? <S>— ?— <fr— ?— 4>— ?— •s¦ ? <3> ? >$>.%
Owners Robbed by Agents.
and inside of twenty-four hours broke up.
Some of the cargo and nearly all. of the
private effects of the passengers were
saved. The barkentlne Catherine Sudden
was *at Nome. She was dismasted, but
the hull seemed all right. The ex-revenue
cutter Corwin towed her in and the cap
tain was claiming both vessel and cargo
as salvage.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Toyo Kisen Kaisha's Steam
er Nippon Maru Arrives
From the Orient
Overdue Schooner Americana Reached
Honolulu Short of Provisions
and Water on the
14th Inst.
'John Coggeshall, an old man living at;
702 California street, swore to a complaint t
in- Judge Fritz's court yesterday after- j
noon for the arrest of "John Doe," at
seller of lottery tickets, on the charge ot !
obtaining money by false pretenses. The
ticket seller called upon -him yesterday
morning and made him glad by the an
nouncement that he had won a prize of
Sl2OO. but he would have to pay $10 before
getting the money. Coggeshall .was so
pleased that he gave the man ?15. As he
did not return he made, inquiry and found
that he had been told a fairy tale.
Shaughnessy t^uit Dismissed.
Anastasla NunanShaughnessy has dis- j
missed her; action for a decree annulling 1
her marriage to. Augustus Shaughnessy. 1
The reason for her. sudden change of mind j
Is not stated in the order of dismissal.;: |
Tricked Out of His Money.
Decision of a Wise Judge.
L. Rosenberg, a furniture dealer on
Larkin street, was the complainant "and
J. F. Beck. 1143% Folsom street, the de
fendant in a search-warrant case In Judge
Fritz's court yesterday. Rosenberg lost
a -Forester's badge and Beck found it.
Beck wanted a reward of $1. but Rosen
berg only offered 50 cents. Beck declined
to give up the.. badge, hence the search
warrant. The Judge decided that $1 should
be paid, but that it should go to the
Sweeney relief fund. Both were agree
able,.but Rosenberg wanted his name used
in the subscription list. The Judge ruled
against him and Beck's name^ will appear.
Clerk and Draughtsmen Wanted.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announce^ that on July 10, 11, 12,
13 and 14 examinations will be held for
the following positions: Structural steel
draughtsman in the New York Navy
Yard at a,salary of 54 per diem; draughts
man In naval architecture, lighthouse
service, at a salary of $5 per diem;. clerk,
subsistence department at large, San
Francisco, salary not stated.
Persons who desire to compete should
apply at once to the United States Civil
Service Commission at "Washington.
D. C, for application forms, which should
be properly executed and returned at once
to the commission.
Archbishop Rlordan is on the Atlantic,
on his way to New York. He sailed from
IJverpool Wednesday last. The news was
brought Jn a letter that was received in
this city yesterday. The name of the
steamer on which he embarked was not
mentioned, but it is supposed to be the j
Oceanic. Advices received yesterday !
make it probable that the Archbishop i
may not arrive in this city before the I
ISth of July, which is some days later
than expected. When he arrives at New
York he will be met by Rev. Father Jo- |
seph McQuaid of .this city, who was sent ,
to the Philippines about two years ago.
Father McQuald was at Xegros with a
battalion of the First California Volun
teers for a time. He also performed hos
pital duty in the Philippines. He then
went to Rome, and is in New York on his
wav home, but waiting for the Arch
bishop.
H. Lev! & Co. filed a libel In the United
States District Court yesterday against
the British ship Marechal Souchet to re
cover $1669 20 for failure to deliver in good
order certain merchandise shipped from
Liverpool to San Francisco. It is alleged
In the complaint that the merchandise
was damaged owing to the ship being un
seaworthy, overloaded and negligently
handled, and to the freight having been
improperly packed. x
H. «X. Van de Castelle, 'proprietor of the
lodging-house at SO2 Montgomery street,
attempted to cut his throat early 3'ester
day morning I.'1 .' He had been drinking
heavily. Dr. yon der Leith attended him
at the Harbor Hospital and thinks he will
recover.
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN
IS NOW ON THE OCEAN
He Will Be Met When He Arrives at
New York by Rsv. Father
McQuaid.
Water Front Notes.
The well-known coasting steamer Point
Arena has been Fold by the Mendoclno
Lumber ' Company to Beadle Bros. She
will continue running under the new flag
to Point Arena and Mendocino City. '
The steamer Farallone has been sold to
Seattle parties. The purchasers have been
trjing to buy from Captains Thayer, An
derson and Gray for some months past
and a decision was reached yesterday.
Steamers Change Hands.
There is some question as to where the
Californian will go on her maiden trip.
She was originally intended to load here
for New York -via Honolulu, but John
Rosenf eld's Sons want her to make a few
trips for them on the coast, and the Gov
ernment wants her to make n few trips
to either Manila. Honolulu or China. Just
where the big steamer will go is. still in
doubt, but one thing is certain— if she
does not enter the Government service she
will make a few trips on the coast for
Rosenfeld's Sons.
The largest merchant Fteamer ever
| built in this State, the Californian, had
her "engineers' trial" on the hay yester
day. The vessel was flying light, so there
was no chance to test her speed, but the
machinery proved to be In perfect order
and gives promise of doing everything the
guilders have promised for It.
Californian on Trial.
Schooner Americana Safe.
The Nippon Maru brings the news that
the long-overdue schooner AmeWcana 1%
safe at Honolulu. She started tor San
Francisco nearly four months ago and the
local owners and insurance people were
very much worried over her long trip.
It is now learned that owing to light
winds and calms* the vessel could not
make any headway for this port. Finally
when the provisions and water began to
get short Captain Perry squared away
tor Honolulu, where he arrived June 14.
By that time the men were in a bad way
for want of water. Two days later, when
a full supply had been got aboard, an
other start was made for San Francisco.
• Among the San Francisco Insurance
men there was $22,000 on the hull. $12,500
on the freight and $44.<X>0 on the cargo, so
it is no wonder there was 'a sigh of relief
when the news of the arrival of the vessel
at Honolulu reached here.
Complaint was filed with the Collector
of the port yesterday by Survej'or
Spear's office against the Japanese
steamer Nippon Maru for an alleged vio
lation of the shipping laws, the offense
being the transportation of Mr. an<l Mrs.
J. P. Roberts from Honolulu to this city.
It is averred in the complaint that th»
steamer violated the act of Congress de
claring Hawaii a port of the United
States by taking passengers from one
port of the United States to another port
of the same country.
Mrs. F. L. Amlage, Master F. Amlage, J.
B. BanfleM and wife. K. Bernhelm and wife.
M. A. Best. Captalif and Mrs. O. A. BlAnell.
Otto- Beedecker, J. F. Burger, Mr. and Mrs. F.
Cadd, W. A. Chamberlain, Mr. Duerr, William
Duncan. Rev. Mr. Erbvall, wife and child; A.
C. Glover and wife, Mrs. 8. F. Ujlsakl. Lieu
tenant Captain Hintje. MJss L. HennlDEham, J._
Hughson, Dr. T, Kochibe, I\. Konoml,
Paul Merlins, Miss San Lee. Mrs. Yuen Moi, T.
Naklmura. W. O. Rows, J. A. L. Ross, Mias.
S. Hharpe. H. H. Princess Sophia Duleep Singh,
Princess B. Duletp Singh and maid, T. .Straus?,
Mrs. San Lee, Miss Feng Soo, R. TJadede and
wife, B. V. H. Vlngno. John Warnker. Y. Wat
anabe. Miss M. P. W. Whitney Roberts, Mrs.
Roberts.
The Toyo Klsen Kalsha's steamer Nip
pon Mam arrived from the Orient, yester
day via Honolulu. She made a very fast
run from Yokohama to San Francisco and
reached port a day ahead of time. The
cabin passengers on the mall boat were
the following named:
lIL
At the beginning of this century educa
tion was well established in the hearts
and convictions of the American people.
There were twenty-four colleges in the
country — five Congregational, two Presby
terian, three Episcopalian, one Baptist,
one Catholic and twelve non-sectarian.
¦ The most Western was the State insti
tution at Nashville. In nearly all the
European colleges State systems were de
veloped, but State supervision where It
had been tried had generally been a fail
ure and city supervision was unknown.
The monitorial system of Bell and Lan
caster was attracting attention; higher
education for women did not exist, and
girls whose schooling extended Into the
'teens attended private schools and sem
inaries of a very primitive and Inadequate
type. The question of _ training teachers
; was almost as little known am were phy
sical training and school hygiene. The
I textbooks of the period were few and
reading for children was meager and
mainly religious. There ¦were prac.tica.lly
no associations for teachers. High school
work was feebly represented by the local
or private academies. The country dis
trict school represented for the great body
of the population our educational system.
Generally taught In the winter by men,
and in the summer, when the older chil
dren were needed at home, by women, \t
was attended by children and youth up to
the age of 21. The work was ungraded
and all done by one teacher. The studies
began with 'the alphabet and primer and.
included sometimes even astronomy and
surveying. Grammar was taught usually
by parsing standard works of poetry hi
English literature, like "Paradise Lost"
or Pope's "Essay-." Declamation and
sometimes debates, especially in evening
spelling schools, were very prominent.
Evening lessons on the constellations, col
lection and analysis of plants, elementary
anatomy and physiology, singing and in
struction in Latin were occasionally given
In the district school, ilost cf those who
sought a higher education were on the
way to the ministry. The ideals which
sustained and animated education were
chiefly those of good citizenship. Sunday
school work was largely catechetical for
the younger and Biblical for the older
classes.
In turning from this general condition
of thlng3 a century ago to the present
the changes are bewildering. Perhaps the
first of all is the growth in numbers, size
and material equipment. Now there are
409,000 teachers and 15,(00,000 pupils, and
the school expenditure has grown to $200.-
WO.OOO. School buildings have vastly im
proved. Especially within the last few
years there nas been a great renaissance
in high school buildings. In many places
these ample and tasteful structures are
the best and most costly buildings in the
town. Attendance for a compulsory period
is enforced in mdst communities by truant
laws and in some by truant officers. All j
this growth in bigness and numbers ap- i
peals powerfully to the average American
mind. Along with this the sentiment on
which education rests has strengthened
and deepened. Perhaps on no great topic
is there such a universal consensus as in
the belief in the public school system, and
at the close of the century this conviction
shows no sign of weakening.
One of the earliest movements which
marked the advent of the century was
the development of centralizing tenden
cies, the dangers of which had been well
discussed in the constitutional debates.
In 1805 the Public School Society of New
York was formed, but not until two or
three decades later was there any great
advancement in supervision. Now not
only every State and city has its super
intendent, but in many parts of the coun
try the smaller towns are grouped for
this purpose. Although still " in many
places a political office, the benefits of
supervision have been incalculable in edu
cating teachers, bringing uniformity into
methods, securing co-operation between
home and the school, etc. Already there
are manifest' tendencies toward making
this office more and more a profession
with all that that term implies.
At the beginning of the century teach
ers were isolated, but under the influence
of Horace Mann, in the forties and fifties,
associations. State and municipal, and
finally national, have arisen, which bring
teachers together for exchange of Ideas,
give them an esprit de corps, enable them
to listen to the best and latest facts and
suggestions of leaders, besides provldiog
healthful and needed recreation. • It is to
be regretted that a few of our State bod
ies, and even the national association,
while perfecting their organizations and
drawing great numbers of teachers, show
;signs of manipulation by educational ma
chine men which makes them less attrac
tive to academic leaders and does not ex
clude second-rate, commonplace pro
grammes. But this danger can never go
far enough to work great harm with such
teachers as frequent th^se meetings.
Professional training has grown stead
ily, especially since the normal school pe
riod, just before the middle of the cen
tury. Mo/c recently pedagogical depart
ments in colleges and universities have
contributed to raise the professional
standing of the teacher's work. Normal
instruction gravitates by an Iron law to
ward formalism and excessive method
ology, but for those who study tenden
cies in a large way these dangers are
trivial and temporary. Even those who
insist most strongly upon the necessity
of radical reforms, in normal work do
not for a .moment Question the great
value of these institutions, even at their
worst. We can hardly doubt that the
close of another century will see educa
tion a profession which will rank as high
as any in the quality and amount of spe
cial training required. The public senti
ment, which doubted fifty years ago that
increased efficiency could be thus'secured,
has now practically vanished.
The matter of education has changed.
The three R's are reduced to very modest
dimensions during the first ye"ars. and a
bewildering multiplicity of other topics,
if they have not already entered the
schoolffoom. ore knocking at the door.
For the upper grades, even through the
college and, university, this is still more
the case. The general feature of this
change is the growth of science.
Rudimentary physics in the form of
natural philosophy was taught at th^ be
ginning of the- century, but chemistry,
biology, geology, meteorology and botany
are essentially creations of the present
century and Involve radical changes n#t
only of matter but of method. Owing to
this marvelous expansion of the filed of
education, the elective system.- which
Thomas Jefferson had incorporated in the
University of Virginia early in the cen
tury, has been modified and amplified so
that now the elective system in college,
high and occasionally grammar school is
rapidly breaking down all trace of the old
fashioned courses. In their place we find
manifold groups and curricula, and nearly
two-score new academic degrees in which
Latin and Greek are not required. * In
place of the old uniformity we find a di
versity that fits every individual need,
taste and capacity, thus making the
school a life and career-saving station
for many a boy whose special gifts were
not only undiscovered but suppressed by
the ol<! procmstean method.
This has necessarily involved more care
ful scrutiny of different tastes and gifts
and the widest individual diversity has
been found. Those who excel in one kind
of work are usually deficient in others,
hence grading cannot be uniform and edu
cation must give more and more place to
individual methods as befits a republic.
This again .has led to the study of inter
ests Which "are the first manifestation of
talent, and" 'all -these tendencies lead to
and culminate, fn child study, which in
sists upon a definite survey of health and
aptitudes., ' The greater the talent the
earlier it appears, and it Is well that the
elective system is slowly working its way
downward to lower grades and necessi
tating more individual psychology. Tech
nical and industrial education la mainly
the product of. the last two qr three dec
ades of rtie last century-. The active pow.
ers are enlisted and muscle work Is rec
oernlzed as never before: even athletic
excesses are- tolerated, because 1» is felt
that thus certain Insidious temptations of
youth are best safeguarded, and the best
physical basis for the later stages of men
tal" development «~are given. , Practical
training brings the school into clos-r rnp
•port with 'manufacture, trade and com
merce, and courses In special schools are
now at least beginning to prepare for al
most every human occupation involving
either skill or knowledge.
Reading for children was very Ignited
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
EDUCATIONAL ADVANCE IN 100 YEARS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
COMPARATIVE STUDIES OF TVH/O CENTURIE9.
and chiefly religious 100 ypara ago. and
now child libraries and courses of read-
Ing abound everywhere. On the ¦whole th»
quality of these works Is improving* MO3l
of the great literary classics of the worM
from antiquity down are now popularised
for children and occasionally introduced
in supplementary courses. While fxcfw
here Is possible and an overbooklsh child
Is always more cr less monstrous, this
tendency, too. is essentially pond.
At the bottom of the educational sys
tem the kindergarten has lately presented
itself and in some places has been incor
porated as a part of the "public school
system. Rightly understood and carried
out Jt is a most valuable addition, but tha
better tendency now is to keep it waiting
until It has be*n rescued from meta
physics and made, first, more healthful.
and. second, more natural.
One of the most important movements
which this century has witnessed Is th»
development of higher education for
women. Formerly excluded from all th»
colleges, they are now admitted in most
colleges and universities of the world a*
a late woman's '"Minerva" shows. Col
leges exclusively for women of a grade of
work equal to those for men have been
established at various points, and no am
bitious girl can complain that her educa
tional privileges are not, now essentially
as good as those for men. Just what tha
result of higher education for women is
to be the future must determine. Whether
collegiate work is especially to train
teachers and the unmarried minority who
desire to earn their own livelihood, flr
¦whether such training is to be mainly for
mother* and wives. Is not yet apparent.
In place of the twenty-four colleges of
1.300 we now have nearly 4."0. including
thosf of all rank 3 which claim the r.atne
or a\-« decrees. Th». most Important
group of these new institutions are the
State universities, the best of which ar*
already powerful rival? of the Institutions
best endowed. These institutions flourish
especially in territory not settled or even
owned by the Government a century ago.
The distinctively university movement
which seeks to add a higher story to our
educational system has fjrown up within
the last twenty-five years. At a dozen or
more centers row preparation for tha
chief university degree of Ph.D. is riven
and there are two institutions ¦which have
even dispensed with all undergraduate
work. This culture of non-professional
specialization or the home training of pro
fessors is a movement that appeals very
strongly to the national pride, which does
not wish to see the apex of our education
al system in Germany or elsewhere in
Europe, and to the personal pride of'the
professor who wishes It understood that
he can guide graduate as well as under
graduate work. University students have
for several years co-operated first. In an
nual meetings: second, in the publication
of a handbook, -and the present year has
seen the first association of representa
tives of American universities.
Finally, professional training has been
radically modified. Most noteworthy ara
the changes in medicine, represented now
by some threescore Institutions, not more
than three or four of which have much
endowment. Law schools, most of which,
still labor under very trreat disadvantages
and are struggling with poverty, have,
nevertheless, improved and prolonged
their courses. Theological schools, which
are the oldest, have, nevertheless, expand
ed their curriculum and increased their
efficiency, especially in the study of an
tiquities and sociology.
On the whole, probably no aspect of our
national life can present a record of prog
ress greater or more Impressive than that
of education. More important than any
of the individual changes enumerated Is
the growing desire everywhere to secure
and to wield the power of knowledge.
Children are sent to school earlier: youth
linger later in postgraduate courses; all
work harder than ever, aad perhaps tha
one chief source of solicitude as we sur
vey the progress of the century la the
suggestion. What would be the result if
so much sedentary book work, such strain,
upon eyes, brain and hands under artifi
cial conditions, which bring youth during
all the years of its immaturity into condi
tions so .radically different from any
which the race has known before, shouiij
gradually work toward the deterioration
of national life? What if we are laying the
foundations not for the dark ages asjairi.
but for a new sickly age. of the race? Yet
here again the new attention to hygiene
and all the different forms of, motor edu
cation bid us hope.
G. STANLEY HALL,
Clark University.
Original Owners Were Out in the Cold and State of An
archy Reigned When the Portland Left Goldfields ,
on the Eighteenth of June.
BLOODSHED MAY FOLLOW
CLAIM-JUMPING AT NOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 29, 1900.
7
AMXJSEMEHTS.
GRANnOPERi-HOnSEspsci.l
A FEW BOX SEATS
LEFT!
PRICE $5 OR FIVE EXCHANGE
TICKETS.
THIS- AFTERNOON
At 1:30. Sharp.
Dooi-s Op»e*« a.t 1i2t30.
TOR THE
WIDOW AND ORPHANS
'JOHN E.
J
1 he Hero of the Firs Department.
Given by the
Associated Theatrical Managers
of San Francisco,
<=3 mJr^py* Sj HOI)SE
PHONE MAIN 522.
WALTER iIOROSCO Misacer
SEATS NOW ON SALE!
MONDAY EVENING NEXT. July Sd.
THE NEW FKAWLEY CCMM«r
In Israel Zangwjirs Flay.
CHILDREN OF THE GHETTO
Holiday Matinee July 4. Regular Matinee
Pafurday.
Branch Ticket Offlce Emporium.
Price* — Orchestra. Toe and II: Dress Circle.
56c: Family Circle. 23c; Gallery. 15c.
Another Sensational Success!
Crowded Roures Are Witnessing the Revival
of the Oj>er«tle Gem.
POEITIVELT EVERT EVEXECO AXD SAT-
CRDAT 3IATIXEE.
POPULAR PRICES-Se and We
TELEPHONE BTTSH %.
LAST TWO XIGHTS AXD iIATrXEB
EATURDAT OF
A Milk White Flag
— * t
Commencing- Euniay Xlgttt, DTTXXE * RTLEY j
Present Their ALL STAR CAST
In a MasTilflcent Production cf Hoyt'e Latest
Play.
"A DAY AND A NIGHT/
f peclal Engagement of MISS LOTHSE GUN- j
XIXG. the Famous Scotch Girl, and' First Ap- !
pearanc* of MISS XORMA WHALLET.
EVERT XIGHT EXCEPT SUNDAY.
MATINEES WEDXESDAT and SATUBDAT.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
AND A SPECIAL COMPANT.
This Week Only, Jerome K. Jerome's Comedy.
"MISS HOBBS"
Next We»k— FEATS NOW READT.
HENRY MILLER
An 3 SPECIAL COMPANT In a Magnificent
Production of
"TEE TREE OF KNOWLEDGE."
A BILL EETOND CRITICIEM.
THE BEST OF THE SEASON.
The Greatart Comedy Quart et In America.
The Four COHANS,
Pre*«Etlna- "THE GOVERNOR'S SON."
TODD FAMILT OF ACROBATS, CARRINO-
TON. HOLLAXD AXD OALPIX.
GILBEItT AXD GOLDIE.
MUSICAL DALE. BTDNET DEANE. GRAPE-
WIN AND CHANCE.
Reserved peats. 25c; balcony, 19c: opera chairs
end bex seats. EOc.
Mail"cc* Wednesday. Eaturday and Sunday.
WH EAT R IIMT
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE BATURDAT.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Purported by WHITE WHITTLESET,
SAPHO !
PHATS NOW READT FOR NEXT WEEK.
FLORENCE ROBERTS "CARMEN"
Fxtra Fonrtfa of Jnly Matines.
CHUTES ANI^ZOO.^B^aT
The CelebraletfWilson' Family.
TO-IIOIUiOW NIGHT.
MONSTER CAKEWALK
SO XEW ARTISTS.
Order Beati by Phone Park 3.
FT^rHFR' S ? concert house.
riOUnnit D Admission lOs.
Lart V/eek of the LAMBARDI OPERA QUAtt-
TET AND BIG. ABRAMOFF In Scenes From
•THE HUGUENOTS." MABEL MARTIN.
Bopreno. and Isabel In Underwood.
P.eserved Seats. 2>c. M&tlnce Sunday.
. ...ii
SUTRO BATHS
OPEX XIGHTS.
Cp*n Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Baihicg from 7 a. m. to 10_jp. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN sc.-
Batfctns:. Inclafiine Admlnslon. SSe. Children 20c
Weekly Call, 81 .per Year
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlc9 Lists Mails 1
en Application.
COAL. COXB AND Pt3 IROX
F r WIT SftV *f A Battery Street
/• t- IT ILjOil tt LU-. Telephone Main IM4.
ATTORNEY.
F. IT. MKRZCACH. lawyer. $03 Cal.. Clnnf tig.
COPPERSMITH.
C W CMITH Sh'l> Plumbing. Steamboat ar<l
V>lY* jJlllU. Ship Work a specialty. 18 ana
IS Washington st. Telephone Main l'A\.
LITHOGRAPHING.
The tTnlon Lilboirraph Co., 325 Sanson>» st..
Artistic Lithographers and Printer*. GoTern-
raent Licensee for Imprinting cf Revenns
Etamss.
HARNESS DRESSING. '
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver oa
earth. Isc. Robinson Chem. Co.. HO Howard.
.LVAM2WI AND METALS.
Mar.facturer and Dealer In Metals and Gal-
vanlzlnu. JOHN FINN METAL WORX3. K5
Howard st.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
14 C RfiVEC P C(\ Shipping Butcher*. 1M
JAj- DIM LO & VU- Clay. Tel. Main 1234.
ELECTRICAL.
p. r>. wass, -pssjisi
Electrical Engineer. M East tt.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotypa metal. Padfla
Metal Works. 137-9 First ft.. San Francisco.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A EL-
LIS. 41S Front st.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PKINTMI
F. C HUGHES. m J?JS?S: s. r.
PRINTEPS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDO CO..
13 First St.. S«n Francisco,
STATiONEV AND PfcINTH:?.
T*3^^?l°T * 3^^? 1 ° PARTRIDGE *"^ oo rJ r:*: *
WfiJTE iSfl STEAM COAL. t^Sla^
DIAMOND COAL. MI.MNi: CO.. at Its <JK££.S
KIVKR COLLIER IKS. Is the Rnl Coal -» UM
market. Of3c» aaA Yarii — Cs» Mala sumu
j ADVEKTISEMENTS.
VACATIOIT
QTjr\T7Q
MONEY-SAVING
rRIGES.:.:.:.
FOR THIS WEEK.
LADIES' TAN LACE AND BUTTON
EHOES. mcstly narrow toes and
widths :...-91.15
LADIES' KANGAROO AND CALF
(Laird, Schober & Co.) SHOES OS
LADIES' TAN GOLF SHOES ...K2.50
LADIES' FRENCH KID (Herberts)
EHOES-What are left 25
1 LADIES' TAN OXFORDS. LXV heel 05
I MEN'S TAN HAND-WELT LACE
i SHOE, pointed toes, narrow widths;
sites 8, 10, 11 fI.OO
MEN'S CALF BUTTON AND CON-
GRESS, full plain toe, email sizes, nar-
row widths .T5
CHILDREN'S PATENT LEATHER and
KIP SHOES, odd lot .25
Most all of above email sizes.
NO "NT ATT. ORDERS FILLED.
We will not exchange or return money on
these coods. •
See prices In windows and bargain counter.
We also liave full lines of new
Summer Footwear. Popular prices.
830-832-834 MARKET ST., S. F.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
INO FLAT co
Onr rraoratle bridge work S* beautiful and
durable. Warranted 10 years.
JfiS^SßfaSßpgSy painless extracting
PRICE LIST for 33 Days:
Painless Extraction 250
Removable Brldgewcrk 53.00
Crowns $2.00 to 55.00
Pure Gold Fillings 91.00 !
Amalgam 500 I
Gold and Platlna f 1.00 !
Silver Fllllnr 000 j
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to the i
children's teetli — painlessly.
OR. R. I-. Vl/MLSH.
tUX GEART ST.. between Hyde and Larkin. >
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays,
Sto It Telephone Polk 1135.
BELMONT HOME
For Sale at.aßargaip
Ekpant house of 8 rooms, bath- and base-
ment, hot and cold water throughout. Southern
exposure. Seven minutes from station; elevated
¦ite overlooking the town. Six acr«>*. 3 in pas-
ture. 2 in orchard, 1 about house; barn and hen
house*: all fenced. Excellent water supply.
Cost owner $10,000. but compelled t i remove
East. r.ence will cell at sacrifice, lnv^tisate
and make offer. Apply to owner. !
J. D. ALLAN, C«:. 2d zn\ Brt-uau. !
PALACEHOTEL
The hljcb rtandarfl of excellenco raatD-
- tst V^d by these betels Is recognized and - i
apl/.eclatrd by a discriminating and fa*- j
tl&cas clientele who regnUrly make them j
their headquarters when in San Francisco. \
Located In cloc* proximity to wholesale ;
¦Xd shopping districts, places ot amvue- j
cent and with the further advantage ot
tsvlr.e street car* to all polnti of Interest
pass the entrance.
American plan. European " plan.
"grand hotel
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS .- .
f/ fl fl r U Wen successful at Norn* -last
X rflltlll y«»r- All ethers failed. In cptra-
UIVV tk>n tolly. • fitmawo itvf. ».New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, June 20.— The stock market
showed «yroptoms during the yearly hours of
the trading to-day of having fallen back into
the condition of lethargy and tagging prices
which marked the trading last week. But
the large outstanding short account showed
itself very sensitive to developments in the
wtteat market. With the continued fall In
price of that cereal reports df the enormous
quantities of wheat throvrn upon the market
to liquidate tt>e courage of the bears oozc-d
out at the tips of their fingers and they
ecrarsbeld to cover, their shirt contracts In the
late dealings with considerable precipitancy.
The rerult was a strong closing at the top
level, with the rally still In force and at a
level of prices from 1 to 2 points over last
r.lght for many active Mocks. The b^ars were
In full retreat all through the list, even Bal
timore and Ohio turning f*om in. persistent
downward tetrw with a rally of 3 points from
the- early d«:!in«?. tugar, Brooklyn Transit,
People's Gas anil American Tobacco all made
notable upward tr.uveinente. the latter ap
parently or: a belated appreciation of yester
<iay*« dividend declaration. While the break in
the wheat market was unquestionably the
dominant influence there were other points of
ftrength which radiated a favorable ehowing.
The ccalcrs advarictd on - the rit-e in anthra
cite. The Southwestern stocks moved upward
In company on the more favorable prospects
of the Texas cotton crop comiwired with that
In other cotton "Suite?, on the large winter
"wheat crop a.nd on hopes of the corn crop.
Estiir-ates by a Western trade journal that the
winter wheu.t crop and the wheat reserves
would make up the deficiency i:i the shortage
In the spring wheat crop had much to do with
th* day* movement both In wheat and rail
road stocks. It uas made' evident that prices
of stocks have not only kept. pace with th«
<:..r..i..-- to whfat but have been discounting
continued deterioration. The rains In the
North wf-st caused a sharp check to the specu
lation on this basis. The Iron and steel Ftoc-ks
thawed decided nrfngth. The . money market
continued quite unxufilod. The decline in ex-
Change was checked to-(3ay with the sharp
niivanc* In the caM loans In the London mar
ket and the tnarklax up by Vi penny- of the
Bauk of England's price for gold »nd for
American pastes. The decline In exchange is
taid to have l>een caused b>- the coming on
the market of long sterling bills which have
been held fcr maturity and are now being eokl
as Fteht bills. As they had furured meantime
as collateral for loans their liquidation now in
volves the "paying' off' of loans and may thus
li<>lp lo account for the current ease of the
money market.
The bond market was net active, but prices
Ti-^re firaj. Tois.l sales, par \-alue. f 1.050. 000.
trnlted State* bor.Js T» - ere unclian^ed in bid
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares ClosinK
sold. Stocks— bid.
5,*22 Atchlson 25%
32.700 Atrbison rr^'d '. 71
21.J55 iJaltitnore & Ohio 71
t>(>) <'ana;llan Pa<":i3c kS l ,i
;i r » Canada Southern ....;.. 4S^
4i<> Chesaj-K-ake & Ohio 2;i M
*?W Chlcrco Orc.lt V.'estem lOij
16.SK Chiratfo Harllr.^ton & Quincy .12S^i
Chlcafi-o Indiana & Louisville 18
; Chicago Ind. & Louis, prefd 4$
....... Chicago & Eastern Illinois, offered. SI
- 'Cn Chicago * Northwestern IZ6
4,0f10 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific.... "..105*4
200 C C C & St Louis 56Vj
100 Colorado Bouthern 6
. Colorado Southern l»t prefd 40i4
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
Delaware & Hadsoa... 110
Continued on Page Eleven.
Condition of the Treasury,
WASHINGTON, June 28.— T0-day's statement
Of the treasury balances la the general fund,
Sun, Moon and Tide
LIVERPOOL. .
"Wheat— .-.-.-' July.- Sept.
Opening 6 4>4j 6 tivi
Closing ....6 4 '6 6%
PARIsi ,
Wheat — - June. - Sept. -Dec.
Opening 21 00 . 22 25
Closing .1.... ..20 93 22 30
Flour-
Opening : ........23 25 29 25
Clcslng 2S S5 29 30
"/.'¦ Chicago Livestock Market:
CHICAGO. June 28. — CATTLE — Receipts,
7000; steers, . active, strong ;to -¦ 10c ? '- higher;
butcher stock, steady to strong. ; , Natives— Best
on sale to-day, five cars at $5 60; good to prime
steers, medium ! weights, ', JOe, heavy/ Ec • to'' 10c
higher, . at . io 20<5'5 30; poor .to medium, t steady
to 6c higher, *4 So@s 10: selected feeders, slow,
$3 lodfi 70; mixed stockers, weak and Mower,
$2 504f3 "0; cows, $2 90@4 40: heifers, / $3®4 85:
canners about steady. Jf2<lt2 76; bulls,- 12 75@
4 00: -calves, steady, Jf oO(ff6 75. .:,. Texans — Re
ceipts, 200; Texas fed »teers, firm. $4 40@5 20;
Texas grass steers, $3 75@4 30; Texas bulls,
{2 73@3 40. vm&Eto&q^imwseagggt&fa
- HOGS — Receipts to-day,. 20,000; • to-morrow,
20,000;- leff 0ver, .4000; > average, 10c -higher;? top.
J5 42J4; mixed and butchers, $5 20^5 40; good
• " -¦.'"-
Exchange and Bidlion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 84 Ji
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — .; 4Mi
Sterling Cables .....— 4 88
New York Exchange, sight... .— 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Finu Silver, per 0unce.............. - f 61T4
Mexican Dollars, n0mina1.......... 454 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool was weaker and quieter,
arts future were higher again. •
The feeling at Chicago was bearish, owing to
lower cables. Southwest selling, - local realizing
and considerable short selling, partly for for
eign account. It is the impression that the
market will ¦ remain ; ragged the rest of the
month. Snow now nays that the total crop east
of the Rockies will not exceed 375,000,000 bushels.
Rains In Kansas relieved the apprehensions for
the Corn crop for the present, but the market
rules firm, owing to the big spot demand. X- -
The local market was quieter and lower all
around, with a decline on call of nearly 4c ¦¦•> ;
Spot Wheat-Shipping, SI 05; mUllng, . $1 074
Per Ct ' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal -Session — S:l5 o'clock — December 1 —
2000 Ctls. $1 14. .
Second i Session— December— 2000 ctls. . fl 13%.
Regular Mornlns Session — December — 2000
ctls. $1 13?4: 10,000. $1 134 ; 2000, %\ I3*i. '
Afternoon Session ¦ — December — 4000 ctls,
$113*4: -»000, $113%. .
BARLEY— StiII : lower prices were quoted by
dealers and futures were several fractions
lower. • Trade was dull. .
Feed. C7%@7ocfor No. 1 and 62%®65c for off
grades: Brewing and shipping grades, '. 75@S0c;
Chevalier, nominal. ;
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales. '
Second Session — No stiles. , ' ,'... ,¦-..-
Regular Morning Session — December— 2000 ctla.
72'/ic; 2000. 72*v4c; 8000. 72% c. 1
Afternoon ' Session— No • saletA—
OATS— The market rules firm, with a light
White". $1 10®l 30: Surprise. $1 22%@1 25: Red,
fl'lOgf-l 20; Gray, $1 07*>4@l ID; Black,, $l(g:i 07%
per: ctl:' -¦ 0v ; " ; ?* f *«^&sp' =<¦'*¦¦"- i . ; .-..\
CORN— Eastern large Yellow. $1 17*>»@1 20 "per
ctl: Eastern White., sl 174@1 20 per ctl: Mixed.
$1 is@i 17%.-:
I RYE— B7%c for. new and 92@95c for old.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flqiir and Millstiiffs.
. FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60® 3 75,
usual I terms; bakers' extras, '¦ S3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington," $2 75@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, • and $3 1503 50 for ' bakers' : - Eastern ;' $4 60
©5 60 per . barrel. •.-..¦•.. ; : • :/,'-
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks, are, as fol-.
lows, usual - < discount Ato • the - trade: Graham
Flour, $3 • per 100 >¦ lbs: : Rye Flour, •' $2 75; ' Ryu
Meal. >$2 50: s Rice ¦ Flour, 1 $7: » Corn : Meal, . $2 75;
extra cream do, -$3 50; Oat Groats/. $4 50; Ilom-
CHICAGO. June 28.— There are nearly four
hours to the regular sessions of the Board of
Trade and those hours to-day were occupied
principally In getting rid of recently acquired
wheat. The market opened lower because
Liverpool was down and the long pressure was
on the market. Under a ¦ demand from Wall
street and the Northwest and come covering
by ehorts the market regained the initial dip
and this and a lot more was lost later. Local
longs of the influential type started In the
market In the weakened condition and simply
choked up the opening through which much
; high-priced stuff has recently . disappeared.
Outside longs on the decline Joined the ranks
of the sellers and the market became so one
sided that lt dropped 4*>4c with only momentary
checks. The bottom was reached near the end
of the session and covering by shorts caused a
little recovery, but not sufficient In amount to
relieve the market of the charge of decided
weakness. The August option was the more
active, although July was anything but slow.
August closed 3?fcc down at SlVic. July closed
3%e lower at 80c There were rains In North
Dakota and Manitoba, but private advices from
these sections and other parts of the stricken
Northwest did not vary much from the recent
tone. The Price Current made the total esti
mated crop, winter and spring, 650,000,000
bushels, 200.000,000 bushels of it spring, com
pared with Statistician Snow's estimate of 460,
000.000 bushels. It declared that with the re
serve supply the crop would be equal "to the
demand and that the crop yield would be 5 per
cent higher than. the average for the past five
years. However, crop considerations general
ly were overshadowed by the selling, which ap
&eared to be the result of a general desire to get
out before the price get any lower. *
Corn was rather quiet, but considering the
¦wheat weakness lt wae firm. August closed
J >i<g%c depressed at 43% c. July closed »4c lower
at 42">tc.
Oats were steady early, but yielded some
later out of sympathy with wheat, July closed
%c lower at 24*>4c.
Provisions were weak, despite light hog re
ceipts. A drive was made at pork by longs
and the whole list, as usual, suffered. ¦ The
wheat weakness was a factor in the decline.
There was a fair cash demand, but It was not
equal to the task of sustaining prices against
the influential selling of to-day. At the bot
tom the market steadied on covering by shorts
September pork lost 22% c down and lard and
ribs %c down. •
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
June - 7914
July S3 83H 73% 80
August 84 84T4 80H 81%
Corn No. 2—
June 42H 43% 42 42%
July 42H 4314 42 42>4
August 43V4 44 42H 43U
Oats Xo. 2—2 —
July .....' 25Vi 25H 244 24%
August 25% 26 24% 25
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July : 12 75 .12 75 12 50 12 60
September 12 90 12 97% 12 67% 12 SO
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July ?7 00 . 7 024 6 87*^ 690
September 715 ,7 20 700 705
October 7 17*4 720 7 07% 7 07%
Shcrt Ribs. Der ICO -lbs— n *
July 7 15 7 15 7 05 7 10
September 7 224 725 7 124 < 174
Cash quotations were es follows: Flour.
Eteady: No. 3 spring wheat. 77@79c; No. 2 red
82; No. 2 corn. 42% c; No. 2 yellow, 42»i@43i4c;
No. 2 oats,'2sHts2a* > 4c; No. 2 white, 27U@27 : 5ic-
No. 3 white, 26Vi@274c; No. 2 rye, 614 c; No. 1
flax seed. $1 80; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 80; mess
pork, per bbl. Sll 50@12 Cor lard, per 100 lbs
$6 77%<g6 90: short-rib sides (loose), $6 90<g7 20 1
dry salted "houlders (boxed), C%@7c; short clear
sides (boxed), $7 4007 50; whisky, basis of high
wines. $123; clover, contract grade, $S.
Articles— ~ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrel* .....2,000 .15,000
Wheat.- bushels 57,000 14,000
Corn, bushels 482,000 499 000
Oats, bushels ........279,000 167 000
Rye, bushels...*. 2,000
Barley, bu5he15........ . y ..:.. 1.000 "7,"666
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was strong; creamery, 14@19c dairy
13©16%e. Cheeee. steady, 8%@9%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, lie.
Chicago Grain Market.
ARRIVED.
?" Thursday. June 2J.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, 63 hours from Saa
Diego and way ports.
Stmr Alcazar. Uunderson. 40 hours from Port
Los Ac~eles.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Brtdgett, 43 hours from,
Ventura.
Stmr Portland. Lundquist. 14 days from Cape
Nome, via Unalaska 9V 3 days.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, -24 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. 32 hours from
Crescent City.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru. Allen. 26 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama IS days, via Honolulu
7 days.
Ship May Flint. "Woodslde. 13 days from Se
attle.
Br ship Pegasus, Bailey. 146 days from Ant
werp.
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgenson, 4 days from
Coqullle River.
Schr Gen Banning, Thomas, 8 days from
Grays Harbor. « ,
Schr Czarina. Wallstedt. days from Unga.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 3»s days from
Coqullle River.
Schr Coquille. Pearson. 4 days from CoQullle
River. - - -
Scltr Amethyst, Zlmmermann. S% days from
Waldoort.
Schr Manila. Kr.udsen, lira days from Port
Gamble.
Schr J Eppinger. Skipper. 14 hours from Stew
arts Point.
Schr Ottillle Fjord. Bcsch, 23 days from Ka-
CLEARED.
Thursday. June 23.
Stmr Peru, Irvine. Panama, etc; Pacl 2c Mall
S S Co.
Nor stmr Titar.ia, Gulliksen. Naaaiao; Jcha
Rosenf eld's Sons.
Br ship Clan Buchanan, Rar.kiae, Queens
town; L Kauffm&n.
Bark St Katherine, Saasders, Honolulu;
Welch & Co.
BAILED.
Thursday, June 23.
Stmr Peru, Irvine. Panama and way porta.
Etmr Coos Bay. Shea. San Pedro.
Stmr Washtenaw, Gllboy, Seattle.
Stmr WestKcrt, Ericsson. -^.
Nor rtmr Tltania, Gulllcksen. Nanalsio.
Bark St Katherine, Saunders, Honolulu.
Schr James A Garfleld. Lewis. Cooa Bay.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Fort Rosa.
Schr Rio Rey. Johnson. . »
Schr Archie and Fontle. Jeasen. Fls*ss Mill.
Schr Marion, Topfer, Grays Harbor.
Schr Bender Bros. Wetzel. Bialer» Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 2S, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 18 miles.
SPOKEN.
June 17. 400 miles W of San Francisco— Br
ship Elginshire, from Seattle, for Queenstown.
Per stmr Portland— June 23, lat 43 SO N. lon
142 W. brie Geneva, hence Juno S, for Caps
Nome.
Per Jap itmr Nippon Maru — June 27. 11 a m.
exchanged colors with Br ship Galgate of
Liverpool, from Astoria, for Queenstown. lat
38 03 N. lon 126 S W. All well. '
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed June 2S— Bark Levl Q Buy
jess. for Saa Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived Jua» 23— Stmr North
Fork, hence June 26.
Sailed June 2S— Stmr Pasadena, for Saa Pedro.
ASTORIA— SaiIed June 23 — Ger ship Nesala.
for Queenstown. June 23— Br itmr MooxnouUi
shlre. fcr Hongkong. '^"-fj «, «, v T
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 2S-Sc!"j La
Glronde, hence June IS.
Sailed June 27— Schr Occidental, for Saa Frxa-
SEVTTLE— Arrived June X7— Star Excelsior,
from Cooks Inlet; ship John Currier, from Port
Sailed & June 27— Stmr Ruth, for Skaguay; stmr
Rosalie, for Skaguay.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Inward Juae 23—
Ship- M P Grace, for Port Blakeley.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed June 2S-Sc!ir
Newark, for San Francisco.
HONOLULU- Arrived June I*— Ship Erskine
M Phelps, from Manila; off port, schr Ameri
cana, from Caleta Buena. for San Frajicuco.
short of water and provisions. June l*~**»£
Dirlgo. from Hongkong: bark Oregon rom
Newcastle. Aus. June 1&-Schr Bess:* M.nor.
from Eureka. June 13-Bark ol >, m * IV,1 'V,, g h . en^*
June 3; scar Inca. from Newcastle, am, . Fr
war stmr Protet. hence June 12. June
C F Sargent, from Tacoma. Jun? ? j-J tm f
Marip<Sa. hence June 13: Ger bark ii ra from
Hamburg; Jap stmr Hongkong llaru, hence
J Sailed" June IJ-Ship Luzon. '»^ulul: tarxk
M S^% A1 j a un'e o S^- n sc FF h rr r an jSe. H Bruce, tor
"hIISSSS? June #$«?&£s!> £
San Francisco. June 12-B.vtn t> U v> uaer. ior
12-Bark Annie Johnson, ship
F SaHe°d Jun d e e-I*-Shipe -1*-Ship Susauehanna. for New
T KIHEI-Arrived Jun.- 1»-Schr James Rolpb.
fr s£liHunV le i4-S- Lyman T> Foster, for
MrrTi - Arriv-l June 4 -Schr C S
wV« torn Seattle. June 7-Schr Eureka,
rrom "tahalS. J"- **-*«•* H«per. from
H r^PF\oME-In port June 14— Stmrs San
m» Ltcn St Paul. O W Elder. Aberdeen.
? nhi Mblon .M^y D Hume. *chr Seven O*
i ?J2 i- a* noon, stmr l?orwin moored to
,J™aJ{' ice under NE Care St Lawrence
f,And ! June 16. 20 miles NNW of Cape Mohi-
I « vunlvak Island, i-poke stmr San Jose.
irr~ for Cape Nome.
"?.*?. (lasKA ami DUTCH HARBOR— Vess«U
\ n rin'rt June 19— Schr Pearl, schr Challenge-.
i"i,r Vfartha W Tuft, schr Ruby A Cousin*,
BonltX schr Altalr. schr Lena U stmr
oaronne. Nor stmr Hero, stmr Homer, itmr
i Chas Nelson, stmr Robert Uollar. stmr Dea
! Pi DUTCH HARBOR-Vessela in port June lIV-
Arrived April 25. bri? Pltcalrn.. hence March U
and w"^ M "y n for Nome: April 3.1. whalns
Btmr Alexander, hence April 5. and aalle-l iia>
g for Nome: May 7. stmr Mary.r> Hume, from
Seattle, and sailed May 13 for Nome; May 7.
TO SAIL
NEW YORK. June 28.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,477 barrels; exports, ECS7 barrels. ¦ Lower,
without buyers, as further declines are looked
for. Winter patents, J4 2*g4 50; winter
straights, 13 9O@>4 10; Minnesota patents, J4 75®
5 15: Minnesota bakers. 13 20^3 55. *
WHEAT — Receipts, 48,100; exports. 80.864.
Spot, weak; No, 2 red, 89Vic f. o. b. afloat; No.
2 red. S6&c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
&'>'¦; c f. o. b. afloat prompt: No. 1 hard Duluth,
StHie. Options showed further signs of de
moralization to-day and on extensive reduc
tion of long accounts poor support, easier
cables and rain in Manitoba. At the lowest
point values were about 8c off from the top
price of the year. The market closed weak at
J\i@y,*c *net decline, with July SSfifSSUe,
closed S6V«c; September, 85H@SST4c, closed 85Hc;
December, S6Q'S9%c, closed S6*4c. -v¦¦.-::v ¦¦.-::
HOPS— Quiet. ¦ '
HIDES— Firm.
•WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Futures closed barely eteady with
prices unchanged, to 10 points higher. Total
sales. 40,500 bags. Including: July. |7 30@7 35;
August. $7 43@7 50; September, $7 60®7 60; Oc
! tober. $7 sSi?f7 65; November, S7 60<g7 70; De
: cember. 17 7507 85; January, $7 85; March, JB,
and May $S 05. Spot coffee— Rio, firm; No. 7
Invoice. 8*& c; Mild, steady: Cordova, 9Vi@l3&c.
I SUGAR— Raw. strong; refined,- strong.
BUTTER — Receipts, 9140 packages. Steady;
creamery, 175"20 c; factory, 14S16' ) ic •
EGGS— Receipts, 13,279 packages. Market dull
and heavy; Western loss off, 13gi4%c; Western
! at mark, for average lot. 10@12e.
DRIED FRUITS
The market for evaporated apples ruled quiet,
but about steady at unchanged prices.- Cali
fornia dried fruits were inactive.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
3H®sc; prime, 6V4®5%c; choice, s?4@<tt4c; fancy,
7JJ7«4c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3 ! >4@7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12%@14c; Moorpark, 15
@18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 16@20c; unpeeled, 6®9c.
New York Grain and Produce
Charters.
The Thalatta was chartered prior to arrival
for wheat to Europe, 40s.
The Imberaorn loads wheat at Tacsma
Europe. 4te. .
Wheat Shipment.
. The British ship Clan Buchanan cleared yes
terday for Cork for orders., Trtth 71.015 ctls
•wheat, va!ued at J55.27J. and 20,000 ft lumber
iur.na§e, valued at $"*>; total value. {55.575.
Merchandise for Central America.
I
The eteatner Peru tailed yesterday f oft New
Tork. via Panama, with a general ca.rgo,"*man
lfested as follows:
For Mexico, &CS4: for Central America, $29.-
CKO; for South America. 12257; for New York.
J50.:64: total. J117.855.
Among the principal shipments were included
the following:
For Mexico— lC2 Mis shovels, 4C3 gals wine.
27 cs whisky, DS.S2O ft lumber. 1631 bdls shooks,
14 pkgs groceries and provisions, IS pkgs paper.
166 kegs nails and spikes. 21 pkgs hardware,
15 pkgs rip*?, 10 bars steel. 10 tons coal. 7 cs
drugs, 5 pkp* machinery, IS pkgs furniture. 6
pksrs essaying soodß. S cs starch. S cs am
munition. 10 cs firecrackers. 10 cs paste.
For Central America— a bbls tallow. IS6 sks
potatoes. 11 crs onions, 2CIO bbls flour, 25 crs
garlic. 6 bfils corfage, 6 cs whisky, 71 pkgs
hardware. 2S cs dry roods. 15 pkgs Ironware.
* tanks C 4 cs ell. 24 pkps pipe. £7 pkgs water
whtel piping. £2 cv candles. 114 cs soap. 50 <*
cement, 4534 ft lumber. 9 5 kgs agricultural im
plements. 212 cs coal oil, 23 kegs nai'.s, SO kegs
staples. S pkps varnish. 12 cs paints. 9 pkgs
household grootJ". IS cs canned fruit. 43 cs
canned meats. S cs mineral water. 33.4ti lbs
ri<-<", 653 gals 11 casks 50 cs bottled beer, 316S
pals wine. 12 pkgs dried fruit, 22 bbls tar, 34
kegrs white lead. 4? rolls newspaper. 943 . lbs
curar. 304 ctls corn, "M'w Tbs malt. E5 ree!« wire.
21 "cs canned poods. B> pkgs groceries and pro
visions:, ;006 railroad ties. 14S tons coal. 24
Mis shovels. In transit— l 2 cs silk. 72.930 lbs
rice. 212 cm meats; value. J4SC9.
For South Amfrica-lW: lbs sugar, 125 bbls
flour. 70 bbls dried shrimps.
Fcr New York— loSCs pkgs ealir.on. 176 *ks
horn?. 27 pkgs household coeds. €6.474 Tbs tap
ioca. 3T.3 pkfrs cassia. liD eks peed. 3 sks shells.
Sl7 bbls aFphaltum. S« Mis rags. 10 pkgs rub
ber. K0 cks bones. C 3 eks S bbis glue, 55,872
gals wine, ISOO ft lumber.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 2S. 1300. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported Irorr. stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60 Red Bluff PS
Mount Tarnalprtie 75 Saeramer.to S<o
Independence M Pan Luis Obispo E4
Fresno 100 San Diego 6S
Los Ar.geles r 62 '
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C"; minimum. £0; mean, 68.
WEATHER CONDITION"? AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over Idaho
and Montana. There has been a flight rise
along the northern half of the Pacific Coast:
the pressure continues low over the valley of
the Colorado. Heavy fhowers are reported in
Northern Arizona. Temperatures continue
high throughout the Interior of California.
They are aifo high ever Nevada, Utah and
•southern Idaho. "• • -•
A thunderstorm Is reported at Pocatello.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Eoreka, 2S miles per hour from the
r.orthwest; Point Reyes LZ, from the north
west.
Condition* are favorable for fog Friday «.f
ternccn along the coast of Central California.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for 30
hours ending midnight, June 2<\ 1SO0:
, Northern California — Fair Friday: continued
warm weather; light northerly winds Inland;
fresh westerly winds on the coast, with fog in
the afternoon.
Southern California— Fair Friday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada-Fair Friday.
Utah— Fair Friday: not so irarm.
Arizona— Fair Friday in southern portion;
rhowers In northern portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday,
with brifk westerly winds and heavy fog in
the afternoon. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
s Forecast Official.
200 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.l76ft
300 Denver & R!o Grande I<J»
225 Denver & Rle Grande prefd 6Jft
200 Erie "
Erie Ist prefd "ft
2.V) Great Northern prefd Hfft
200 Hocking Coal J3
Hocking Valley «S
Illinois Central »°%
lowa Central 15
lowa Central prefd 43
300 Kansas City. Plttsburg & Gulf I*M
SOO Lake Krie & Western ...: 26
Lake Erie & Western prefd SS
100 Lake Shore 210
4.40") Louisville & Nashville »
1.125 Manhattan L Soft
2fK> Metropolitan Street Railway 14i H,
I.CSI Mexican Central I 2**
300 Minneapolis & St. Louts 47
100 Minneapolis & St. Louis prefd 90
• 2.300 Missouri Paciflc *$*
Mobile Sz Ohio 35
Mlssourt, Kansas & Texas 9%
700 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 30"4
415 New Jersey Central 123 ;
1.518 New York Central 128 ft
SOO Norfolk & Western 31ft
Norfolk & Western prefd 75 s-*s -*
20.150 Northern Pacific 50\
440 Northern Paciflc prefd <1
1,020 Ontario & Western 19
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation prefd 76
4,500 Pennsylvania .' 126 V*
950 Reading 16*4
1.4.V) Reading Ist prefd sSft
9i>o Reading 2d prefd 2Sft
Rio Grande Western &>ft
Ufo Grande Western prefd S7
645 St. Louis & San Francisco ". — 9ft
St. Louis & San Francisco Ist pfd. 65
57.1 st. Louis & San Francisco 2d pfd. ZVi
100 St. Louis. Southwestern 9"i
555 St. Louis. Southwestern prefd 23\
14,095 St. Taul HOH
ISO St. Paul prefd 171
100 St. Paul & Omaha 110
7.275 Southern Paciflc. 32ft
504 Southern Railway ? 10%
1.620 Southern Railway prefd 50>i
1,020 Texas & Paciflc 13%
3,129 Union Pacific EOft
470 Union Pacific prefd 72
3*lo Wnbash 7ft
1,210 Wabash prefd 17%
120 Wheeling and Lake Erie 8»4
3<M Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 21 1 *
100 Wisfonpin Central 13
Express Companies —
Atlanii! 116
American 150
Unit«?d States 45
Wells Fargo 120
Miscellaneous —
300 American Cotton Oil 31ft
American Cotton Oil prefd 89
American Malting 3
American Malting prefd 18
500 Am Smelting & Refining 3ift
440 Am Smelting & Reflnlng prefd E6
American Spirits lft
American Spirits prefd 17
fTO American Steel Hoop : 13%
350 American Steel Hoop prefd 67
4,5i>"0 American Steel & Wire 31ft
iso American Steel & Wire prefd 7<Jft
700 American Tin Plate 19*4
?.. American Tin Plate prefd 72ft
15,200 American Tobacco SO.i
American Tobacco prefd 123
700 Araconda Mining Co •ilVi
34,200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 05
150 Colorado Fuel & Iron 21%
1,323 Continental Tobacco 24
400 Continental Tobacco prefd 7* 1 *
3.&00 Federal Steel 31%
M 0 Federal Steel prefd C 4
SOO General Electric 126
200 Glucose Sugar 47
Glucose Sugar prefd 97
450 International Paper 21.4
I.OSO International Paper prefd •>!
LacWe Gas . 71.
National Biscuit 2S
National Biscuit prefd 7 l »**4
National Lead I9»i
National Lead prefd J-5
1,390 National Steel 23H
245 National Steel prefd *»I>4
500 New Ycrk Air Brake 123
. 200 North American 14 ; ; i
200 Pacific Coast &j
Pacific Coast Ist prefd En
100 Paciflc Ccast 2d prefd 61 •
640 Pacific Mail 26' i
5.770 People's Gas 9<v,j
2«0 Pressed Steel Car 43-i
330 Pressed Steel Car prefd 72 <
Pullman Palace Car 17$
Sf.2 Standard Rope & Twine 5
40,670 Pugir H3Vi
Sugar prefd Hi
4,97.'> Tennessee Coal & Iron 65%
1.075 United States Leather B*4
1.145 United States Leather prefd G6
255 United States Rubber • 24%
... United States Rubber prefd *lft
220 Western Union 79
1,610 Republic Iron & Steel 10ft
Z.O Republic Iron & Steel prefd E2 l i
P C C & St L 57' A
245 Third Avenue 109 ft
220.200 Shares sold. r '
CLOSING BONDS
V S 2s ref reg, M X & T 2ds 67
when issued 102% Do 4s 89ft
' Do coup 103 Vi N V Cent lsts 111 ft
Do 2s ree 100 IN J Cent gen 55....122i4
Do S« res 1W N P 3s 6614
Do 3s ccud 109 Do 4s 104 ft
Do new 4s re 5. .134 N V C & Et J, 45",106
Do new 4s c0up.,.134 N& W con 4s 95%
Do Old 4s re 5 ....114 jOr Nay lsts 108
Do old *s c0up. .115 Do 4s 101%
Do Cs reg 11J iO S Line 6s 127 ft
Do 5s coup 113 Do con Ss 113%
Dlst of '-C 3.655. ...123 IReadlng Gen 45.... SSU
Atchison gen 45...lW s siß, G W lsts 9?
Do adjt 4s S2%iS L & I M con 55.109Ti
Canada So 2ds !06ft|S L & S F Gen 65.123
C & O 4'4s 99 St P con ...169
Do 5s .; 1164 St P C & P lsts. ..ll9ft
C & N con 7s 140 Do Ds '..120Vi
Do 3 F deb 55. ...12!) S P 4s 78
Chicago Term 4s. 84 So Ry 5s .* 110 ft
Colo Southern 4s. M- Standard R & T 6s. 70
D & It G lsts 101% Tex & Pac lsts 111
I>o 4s 93U Do 2ds ' 58
E T Va & Ga lsts.lo34'U P 4s 106
Erie Gen 4s' 70H'\Vabash lsts 114 ft
Xt W & DC lsts.. 70 Do 2ds 100
Gen Electric Es 117 ft West Shore 4s -.113
lowa Cent lsts ....112 Wls Cent lsts 90
KCP & G lsts.. G3 Va Centuries 8214
• ;-.;'" MINING STOCKS.
Chollar -. lojOntario C 75
Crown Point 07iOphlr 70
Con Cal & Va 1 45 \ Plymouth 10
Dcadwood 4'JjQuicksllver 1 50
Gould & Curry 10] Do prefd 700
Hale & Norcroes.. 22 Sierra Nevada 25
Homestake 60 fcOjStandard 3 50
Iron Silver EilUnion Con 16
Mexican 18' Yellow Jacket...... 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — lOld Dominion 16
Call loans 2ft@3ft Rubber 24ft
Time loans 3Vi@4 Union Pacific 60ft
.Stocks- West End.... 82ft
Atchison 2." Bonda—
Do prefd ~IV* X E Gas & C 6».. €2
American Sugar... U3V 4 Mining Shares-
Do prefd 114 Adventure 2
Bc!l Telephone 295 Allouex Mln C 0.... 1
Boston & Albany.. 242 Amal Copper 86
Boston Elevated... 13S Atlantic 21
Boston & Maine. ..lB7 Boxton 6c Mont 290
C B & Q 123*4 Butte & 805t0n.... 61ft
Dominion C0a1..... 87 Calumet a Hec1a.,720
l>o prefd 113 Centennial 16
Federal Steel 82 Franklin..... ... 12ft
Do prefd 63 Osceola 59ft
Fitchburg prefd....l3s'i| Parrot 39Vi
General Electric... 126VQuincy .......134
Ed Elec 111 2C5 Santa. Fe Copper.. 4V4
Mexican Central... 72ft] Tamarack 176
Mich Telephone R5 -Utah Mining.. 24ft
X X Gas &. Coke.. 15 Winona .•.. 2ft
Oid C010ny.... 202 .Wolverines Sift
I Nciv York Money. Market.
• ¦¦/¦
A NEW YORK, Jure 28.— Mefoey on call opened
at 1,4 p#r cent; highest, lft: lowest, IV4; closing,
Hi per cent. Time money unchanged. 3JT3ft per
cent for sixty days to four < months, - 4@4ft per
cent for five to six months-. "- Prime mercantile
l»apf-r, 3y 4 ©4% per cent. Sterling exchange,
firmer, with actual business In bankers' bills
at Ji S6U for demand and at $4 &3% for sixty
Uaj-i,;. posted rates. Jl S4ft<?}4 8a and S4 87ft.
Commercial bills, $4 SIXTH E3. Bar sliver, 61Tic.
Mexican dollars. 45%. Silver .certificates. 61«i@
62"iie. v, . •
Government bonds eteady; . State bonds > inac
tive: railroad bonds firmer.
There waa rather more business In local
stocks and bonds on the morning session, with
higher prices for Contra Costa Water at $69 75
and for Gas and Electric at |43@4S 87%.
The oil stocks were neglected.
In the afternoon Contra Costa Water was
still better at $70 50 and Gaa and Electric was
weaker at $4S 50.
The Con. Imperial Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 1 cent.
The lllbernia Savings and Loan Society has
declared a dividend of 3ft per cent per an
cum on all deposits, payable on July 2.
The Savings and Loan Society has declared
a dividend of 3U per- cent per annum on all
deposits, payable on July 3.
The French Savings and Loan Society has
declared a dividend at the rate of 3.60 per cent
per annum on term deposits and 3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on July 2.
At the annual meeting of the Makawell
Sugar Company on Wednesday the report of
the treasurer showed that the receipts from
4533 tons of sugar already accounted for were
$342,794 80, and that from sugar yet to arrive
an additional sum would be received sufficient
to bring up the Income for the current year
to $1,122,047 90. The expenditures, including all
Improvements during the past year, were $547,
253 06, showing a net profit to the company of
$575,000. The cost of producing the sugar for
the past year has been } 100,000 more than for
the preceding year owing to the plague, in
crease In expenses of labor, fertilizing and
other Items. The surplus of the company upon
the Ist of October, 1900, would be $460,000. Bteps
are now being taken preparatory to bringing
more land under cultivation and bringing in
water from a new ditch, which will enable
the iMantation to produce at least an annual
crop of 20,000 tons. The following were elected
directors: S. T. Alexander. I. Strassburger,
Henry F. Allen, Sidney M. Smith. Wallace
M. Alexander and W. H. Chlckering.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAT, June 2S— 2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. f Bid. Ask
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 3»4 Z%
4s quar 00up..H3 115% Mutual El Co. 12^ 13*^
43 do reg 114 114U O G L & H 47ft 48ft
4s do cp new.. 134 134 ft Pac Gas Imp.. 47*4 —
3s Quar coup.;lo9 109 ft Pac L Co 43ft 44ft
Miscellaneous— SF G & E.... 4S l j 45%
Cal-st Cab 55.. 119 — ' San Francisco. 4S 5
C C Water as. 109%.— gtkn G&ECo 10 —
Ed L & P 65. .128 ft — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 63.. — 118 Firem's Fund.223% —
Geary-et R 6s. — 99 Bank Stocks —
H C & S s^s. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. (Z% 70
Do 5s — — Bank of Cal... — —
L A Ry 5s 104%105^4 Cal SD & T..105 —
LALt Co 6s. — — First National — 290
Do gntd 65.. — — Lon P& a 131 133
L A gntd 85...100 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
LAP R P. ss. — 101% Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market -st 63..12S — Savings Banks-
Do Ist M Ss.llS — Ger S & L....1890 —
NCN G R 7s. — 114 Hum S & L-. — —
NR of Cal 65.U5H117 Mut Say 8k... 45 —
Does 117%11"% S F Say U....505 —
NPC R R 65.101 — Say & L 50.... 74 78
Do 6s 103 — Sec Say Bk — —
N Cal R R 65.1tl — Union T C 0.... — —
Oak G L&Hds.IU 119' i Street Railroads—
Oak Tran 65... — 11914 California 123 — •
Oak WCo 55.. — — Geary-st ; oil —
Oceanic S Co.. 105 — 'Market-st Ry. 63% 64
Om C Ry fs..l2J — OS L & H.... — 46*4
P&CI Ry 6s. 10416 — Presidio ....... 17 21
P & O R R 65. 115 — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 85.129 — California — ISO
Pae L & OR.Vi. — — Giant Con Co.. 87\i 88
S F & SJV ss. — 119>4 Vlgorit 2% Z%
S By of Cal 6s.lU>4m Sugar Stocks—
SPof A 6a...113'A114 Hana S P Co. t% 8%
SP C 6s( 1905). 110 HOTi Haw C*S Co.. 89 —
Do (1906) ....UIHII3 HonokaaiS Co 33 —
Do- (1912) ....119 122H« Hut «"h 3 p Co. 24H 25
SPRC lstgntSs — — }Kllauea S Co. 19*4 20H
SPBr 69 130 — Makawell SCo 48% 47
S V Water 65. 113 115% Onomea S Co. — 28
Do 43 ..1031,41113 1» Paauhau S Co. 31 31H
Do 3d mtg... 101*4 — Miscellaneous—
Stocktn Gas 6s 99 — Al Pack Assn. 117*;ilS*£
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn. — W^
Contra Costa.. »7o 71 Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100
Marln County. J>o — Oceanic S Co.. 92»4 93
Spring Valley. 94% 33*4 Pac A F A,... 3 — •
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.150 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P Co 4*4 6
Morning Session.
Board— . '• ,'
5 Contra Costa Water' S3 73
50 Giant Powder Con. cash.... 87 50
85 Honokaa S Co t S3 00
25 Hutchlnson S P Co .'.. 24 62H
25 Kllauea Sugar P C 0......". 20 00
ICO Kilauea Sugar P Co .....i 19 87^4
40 Makaweli ..." 46 62U
250 Makawell .....\ 46 75
75 PaauHua S P Co.. 31 00
60 S F Gas & Electric C 0.... 49 00
100S F Gas & Electric Co 43 87H
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 43 87H
Street— -
10 Giant Powder Con .....; 87 50
TOHonokaS Co. ."......... 83 00
Afternoon Session.
15 Contra Costa Water TO 50
6 Oceanic S S Co S3 00
105 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 50
$3000 S,V 6 per cent bonds 115 0O
100 Vlgorit Powder 3 00
Street— !
10 Paauhau S P Co 81 00
$2000 5 F & S J V bonds 119 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornln: Session.
Board —
300 Independence 20
50 Kern River 16 00
" Afternoon Session. .
Board— I - :' .
300 Home Oil 4 30
1 2-3 Home Oil 4 25
50 National O & D Co < 10
33011 City Petroleum 1700
200 Twenty-eight 125
MIXING STOCKS.
- The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
. . Morning Session.
300 Con Cal &Va..l 60 200 Ophir 72
SOO Con N T 02 300 Ophlr 71
Afternoon Session. -
SOO Best & Belcher 27 100 Savage 16
lOaCon Cal & Va..l 55' 200 Sierra Nevada. 30
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock B&ard yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 27 300 Seg Belcher.... 05
200 Crown Point... 10
- •¦ " Afternoon Session,
200 Best & Belcher 27; 800 Overman it
200 C q & Va....15"H ! 300 Savage 16
200 Ophlr 72 ICO Sierra Nevada. 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAT. June 28—4 p. m.
;-, ¦ Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Justice 09 CS
Alta 02 03 Kentuck — 01
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash.... — 03
Belcher 17 .»! Mexican" 20 22
Best & Belcher 26 2S Occidental 11 14
Bullion 04 05|Ophir 72 73
Caledonia 105 1 2fl Overman ...... 16 17
Chollar ........ IS 20 Potosl 19 20
Challenge Con. 15 17 Savage ......... 16 17
Confidence 76 —Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va.;i 35 16C Seg Belcher 04 05
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 23 30
Con N V 01 — Silver Hi 11...... SS 39
Eureka C0n.... — 60 St. .L0ui5....... 08 10
Crown Point..; -09 11 Standard 4004 20
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate 07
Gould & Curry. 12 13 Union C0n...... 20 R
Hale & Nor.-.. 26 27|Utah 13 13
Julia ........... 01 02 1 Yellow Jacket. 15 H
TO ARUIVE. '
THE STOCK MARKET.
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $151,046,735; gold, $70,130,450.
London Market.
NEW TORIt. June 28.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's. London cablegram cays: The news of
the relief of Admiral Seymour's party caused a
slight fluter In the markets here .to-day, but
operators were soon absorbed again in the un
certainties of the situation and the market re
lapsed Into stagnation. - • -
Americans gee-sawed within narrow limits
and dealings In them were meager.
The bank sold. £11,000 gold in French coin
and lost £20,000 to the Continent. A large busi
ness was done in loans at 3% per cent. There
were no discounts to speak of, a fact which
was regarded as significant In view of the
absence of an increase in the supply of other
securities shown in the bank returns. Bills
accordingly were down. it has transpired that
the recent buying of silver was not by
the Government, but by local houses on account
of the monsoon and the Chinese difficulties, but
Government buying is expected at any time.
CLOSING
Atehlson, 25»»: Canadian Pacific li%; Union
Pacific preferred, 73V4; Northern. Pacific pre
ferred. 72%; Grand Trunk, 6%* Anaconda, B*4.
Bar silver— Steady, 28 9-16 d per ounce. Money—
~% 63 per cent.
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange as before.
Another decline in Wheat and Barley.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay less depressed. Fcedstuifs iceak.
Beans and Seeds neglected. and nominal.
Onions continue to rise. Potatoes steady.
-
Poultry steady but quiet.
Butter co7ning in poor and soft. Eggs very dull and weak.
Fresh and Dried Fruits stand about as before.
Provisions unchanged and dull.
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
PITTSBURG, June 27.— The Earl Fruit. Co.'s
sales of California fruit at, auction to-day
were as follows: Pears— Bartletts, half boxes,
$1 55@1 75,( average. sl 63. .Plums— Botans, small
crates, average $1 35: Peach, average $1 43.
Prunes— Simonl, email crates, 40c@$l 85, aver
age. $1 49; Tragedy,. $1 55®1 75, average $1 Co.
One car sold to-day.
MONTREAL. "Quebec. June 27.— The Earl
Fruit Co, realized the following prices for Cali
fornia fruit sold at auction to-day: Apricots—
Royals, small crates, average $1 80. Peaches-
Hale' s,- average $174. Plums— Abundance, small
crates, $1 15@1 50, average $130; Burbanks,
small crates, average $1 49. Prunes— Slmoni.
small crates, average $145: Tragedy, small
crates. $1 35<5?.l CO. average $1 46. Two cars sold
to-day. Favorable weather.
BOSTON, Mass.. June 27.— The Earl Fruit
Co. sold California fruit at auction to-day_and
realized the following prices: Apples-W Wto
Aetrnchan. box, $1 Cs@l 65, average $1 59; Red
Astrachan, average $175. Plums— Abundance,
small crates. 90c®*l 85, average $1 32: Burbanks
small crates, $1 10S1 90, average $1 34; Royal
Hatlves, 70c@$l 15, average 75c. . Prunes-Trag
edy, small crates. $1 80@2 75, average $2 39. Five
curs sold to-day. Weather favorable.
NEW YORK, June 27.— The Earl Fruit Co.
realized the following prices for California fruit
sold at auction to-day: Apricots— Moorparks.
small crates, $1 20(21 65, average $1 43. Plums-
Abundance, small crates. 80c@$l 20, average 91c;
Burbanks. Ssc@sl 40, average $108; Cl/mans,
Es@9Oc, average 77c; Mikado. 70c@|l 10. average
75c; Royal Hatlves, 70i@S0c. average 72c; Peach,
email crates, $I@l 55. average $1 49. Prunea-
Simonl, small crates. 65c@$l 40, average, BSc;
Tragedy, small crates. $1 30@l 75. average, $1 C 3.
Cherries— Black Republicans, box. $1 25@1 75.
average $140; Tartarlans, $I@l 15. average,
$1 09; Royal Anne, 85c® $1 40, average $105.
Nine cars sold to-day. Weather hot.
Porter Brothers* Company sales of Califor
nia fruit: Plums— California Red, $1 75@2 35
single crate; Mikado. $1 70; Ogon, $1 60; Peach.
$1 1501 30; Burbank, 60c@$l 40; Abundance, 55c
<B%\ 40; mixed, 60c@$l 10; other varieties, 60c@
$1 Prunes— Tragedy, $1 Cs@l 75; Slmonl, 80c
#»1 20. Pears— Wilder. $1 85@3 25 per half box.
Apricots— Royal, $1 2<X3l 65: Moorpark. $140.
Figs— Black, $1 20@l 40. Cherries— Republican,
$1 45<S1 50; Royal Anne, 65c@$l. Peaches—
Hale's Early,. SOc@sl CO per box and 90c single
crate: Briggs" Mays. $I@l 60 per box: Alexan
der, $1 3d; Governor Garland, $1 20; St. John,
$1 single crate. \
CHICAGO, June 27.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day at the fol
lowing prices: Pears-'-Bartletts, per box, aver
age $5 25. Peaches— Hales Early, per box, 70c
®$l 30, average $1 19. Figs— Seven-pound box,
35c@$l 05. average 94c. Plums— Abundance, per
crate 70c@$l 10, average 84c; Mikado, 55@70c,
average 67c; Burbanks, 60c@$l 40, average S3c.
Prunes— Simonl. small crate, 35c@$l 40. average
75c; Tragedy, 80c@$2, average $1 30. Eight cars
sold to-day. Hot weather.
Porter Brothers* Company sales of Califor
nia fruit: Peaches— Briggs' May. $1 15@l SO;
Hale's Early. 70c® $1 70. Apricots— Royals. 85c
<BH 50. Cherries— Republican, 75c@$l 40: Royal
Anne, 60c<g$l 25; Tartarian, 53®70c. Prunes-
Tragedy, $1 15@1 40; Slmoni. 90c<8$l 30. Plums—
Burbanks, 75c@$l 05: Abundance. 75@90c; Sat-
Huroa, 80c; Peach. 75@80c; other varieties, 60
©SOc. • • '
Neiv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 28.— Iron to-day was even
In a ¦worse condition than It has been; No. 1
Northern i was offered at $18, but found no
buyers; Plttsburg reported free offerings of
Bessemer pig at $19, but with steel billets down
to .-$25 Bessemer pig is not worth over $13.
English markets for iron were all weak. Tin
fhowed an advance of £4 15s for spot In Lon
don, with only small transactions. The local
market was firm but dull, while futures were
neglected; the close was quiet at $31 37W31 62V4
for spot. Copper, both here and In London,
was quiet, closing here at $16 50. Lead was
still unsettled at $4 22^@4 27V4. Spelter ruled
quiet at S4 20@4 23. The brokers' price for lead
was $4 20 and for copper $16 25.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 28.— At the opening of tIM
Cotton Exchange to-day values in, Liverpool
were 4@7 points up on near months, but 2%©3
points off in the remote options. First sales
Indicated an advance of 2©6 points on the
old crop and a decline of 4@9 points on new
crop cotton here, with the room-traders very
much at sea as to Just which way to turn.
A period of liquidation was followed by a
perpendicular rise In Liverpool and the mar
ket closed firm for near months, with June
47 points, July 30 points, August 24 and Sep
tember 2 points higher; later months steady
at a decline of 4@6 points.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, June 28.— Clearings, $317,412.;
balances, $75,453.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, June 2S.— The Portland wheat
market is lower in sympathy with other mar
kets. This sympathy 1« not asserting Itself to
the limit, for It lsetlll possible to secure quo
tations of 68@59e for -Walla Walla.
Cleared— British steamer Carlisle City for
Hongkong with 8304 bbls of flour. Foreign
wheat shipments from Portland for the week
ending to-day were 161,537 bushels.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, June 28.— Wheat. 2c lower; Blue-
Stem, 5S&c; Club, 56% c, both for export.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, June 2S.— Consols, 100%; silver,
28 9-16 d; French- rentes, IOOf 25c. Wheat-car
goes on passage, culet an( j steady; cargoes
No. 1 Standard California, 325; cargoes Walla
Walla', 30s 6d; English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL/ June 28.— Wheat, dull; :No. 1
Standard California, 6s "d®6s 7^4d; wheat In
Paris, steady: flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, weak. .- •••
COTTON— Uplands, 6Hd. ......
V ' CLOSING.
¦ WHEAT— Spot, dull: Northern spring, 6s TV4d;
No. 1 California, 6s 7d@6s Bd. ' - Futures, firm;
July, 6s 4d; September, Cs 5Hd; December,
homlnal. I •
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, steady,
4s %d; do, old, firm. ¦4s 4d. Futures, firm;
July, 4s Id; September, 4s 2%d.
California Fruit Sales.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Sun risas »• 4:«0
Sun sets - 7:2t>
Moon rises 9:10 p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposltfon of the tides
the early mornlns? tides are Riven in the Wt
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the s<»cond tide of
the day. the third time column the third tldi
and the last or right hand column gives the
three tide's, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are In addition to the soundings on, the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus aicn (— ) precedes the hrtsht.
and then th* number given is subtracts from
the depth given by the charts. The plane <>;
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— s@Ce per lb for fair to choice.
YEAI — Large. 7%©BHc; small. B@9c per U>.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7Hc; ewes, 6%@7c per
pound.'
S®S4c per lb.
PORK-Uve Hozs. Cc for small. 5%©5T4c for
medium and 5H©5Hc for large; stock Hoga and
feeders. 6%c; dressed Hogs. B@9c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY," JUNE 28.
Flour, qr Ek5..... 26,674 f Leather, r0115.... 93
Wheat, ct1a.... .'.125,721 Wine, gals 108,900
Barley, ctls 1,610 Hides, No 254
Oats, Or., ctls.... 300 Pelts, bdls id
Oats, ctls 510 Wool, bags ISS
Butter, ctls 4So!Fotatoes, sks 4.553
Cheese, ctls 42<)iOnlons, sks 3SI
Tallow, ctls 215 Middlings, sks... 21
Llme.bbls 273 Bran, 5k5......... 30
Eggs.*doz 19,890 Hay, tons 336
Quicksilver, flsks 234 1 '
FRIDAY. JUNE 29.
the city front (Mission-street, wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of, tide Is the same at both places.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. X , Mer
chants* • Exchange. San Francisco, Cal
June 2S. 1200. -
: The. time ball on the tower of th« new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 3
o'clock -p. m.. Greenwich time. .- -
•?-. LJ i C. O. CALKINS. .
Lieutenant Commander. V.~S. N.. in charge.
lny. ,$3 50i33 75; ¦ Buckwheat Flour, - $434 25:
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, '$4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats ., (barrels) $6®
7 25. In sacks. f5 7507; Pearl Barley.. $s '.Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas, $5 SO per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feed&ufFs.
There Is nothlne new to report. The feel
ing in Hay Is less depressed and FeedstufTs are
rather weak than otherwise.
BRAN— JI3@I3 50 per ten' " \
MIDDLINGS— SI7(g2O per' ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $16017 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; jobbing,
$27 50@28; Cocoanut Cake, J20®21: Corn Meal.
$24 50; Cracked Corn. $25; Mixed Feed. $16.
HAT — Wheat, $7 50®9 60 for common to good.
$10 for choice: Wheat and Oat. $7 50@9 GO; Oat,
?6 50<@S; Alfalfa, 'ss®7 50 per ton. -
NEW HAY— Volunteer. $4 60@6 50: Wheat,
$6 50@8; Clover. $4 00®6; Alfalfa, $5@7; Barley.
$4 50(56 50 per ton. . * • ¦ . - . - - . -
STRAW-25@37%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Quotations are unchanged and the market Is
dull. '
. BEANS-Bayos, $2 8503; Small White. $3 2S@
3 40; . large ' White, $2 75@3; ' Pink. $2 n<X@2 90;
Red, *2 50@3; Blackeye.. $3 50@3 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 30®5 40; Pea, $3 40@3 50; Red
Kidneys. $4@4 DO. ,
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax, $1 90@2 20; Canary. 3V4c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2%<SZe; Hemp, 4@4V4c; Tlmo
th DRIE D PEAS-NUes,- H 25®2 50; Green, $2 25
@2 50 per ctl. . ,
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
. Onions continue to Improve. Potatoes are
steady. - Vegetables are still In large supply
and rather tending toward lower prices.
' POTATOES— Oregon Burbanks, 65®85c : New
Early Rose, 40@50c;New Burbanks, 40@75c per
ctl. ¦ .
ONIONS— New Red, 60®75c; Sllverskins. $1 25
per ctl. a ¦
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 50c@$l per
sack for Vacavllle, 85o#$l per crate for
Berkeley and $1 25@1 50 for Alameda; Rhu
barb, is about out; Asparagus. 50c@$l 75 per
box for common to choice and $2@2 50 for
fancy large; Green Peas, Jl©l 60 per sack;
String Beans, l^Stfc; Cabbage. 40®50c; To
matoes, 60@90c; Rivera, *1 50©2; Egg Plant.
6#7c; Green Okra, : Green Peppers, s®Sc for
Chill and 6®Bc for Bell; Dried Peppers, 8@10c;
Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Summer Squash, 23c
per box for Vacavllle and 35@50c for Alameda;
Cucumbers, 60@'650 for Alameda and 25@400 per
box for Marysvllle; new Garlic. 2@3c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Though receipts are light the market if dull
and easier,, as a good many people are out of
town and the consumption is thereby dimin
ished. t\
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@llc for Gobblers
and ll®l2Hc for Hens: Geese, per pair. $1:
Goslings, $l@160; Ducks, $4@4 50 for old and
$4ig4 50 for young; Hens, $454 50: young Roos
ters, $4 50@6; old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $3 50
@4; Broilers, $3 for large and $252 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1 25@1 60 per dozen for old and $1 25@
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME- Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Dealers continue to complain of the bad con
dition of even the finest brands of Butter, as
they are coming In soft and mushy. The mar
ket Is weak and depressed. There Is no change
In Cheese.' Eggs are still dragging*, and most
dealers willingly shade the quotations to ef
fect sales. Even then they cannot keep their
stocks down.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, lS@lB%c; sec
onds, 17Hc
Dairy— Fancy, 16#@17c; good to choice, 16c;
common, 14@15c.
CHEESE— New, S@9c; Young America, 9®
9H°- Eastern. 16<gl7p: Western, 15@16c per lb.
EGGS — Quoted at 13@14c for store and 150
17c per dozen for -ranch; Eastern. l4@HVic.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
All descriptions stand about as before and
the market lacks feature. Supplies , of tree
fruits are free. Choice shipping Apples are
steady and in good demand and fresh Figs are
also doing rather better. There is no accumu
lation In Peaches and Apricots as there Is suf
ficient demand for both to keep arrivals 'closely
sold up. ,
Currants are weak and quiet, with some stock
carried over. Berries are cheap and dull, ex
cept Logans, which are by, far the best sellers
this season.
Huckleberries from Sonoma County sold at
10c per pound.
DKCIXrtIOIJd FRUITS—
APRICOTS— 2S<g6Sc per box and crate for
Royals; in baskets. 20@35c; in bulk, 2<g3c per
lb to the trade and $12 50@25j?er ton to the can
ners. |f
APPLES— 2Sc per basket and 30cS$l for large
boxes. . ' ¦-¦'•,
PEARS— 3Sc<SSI per box; Bartletts. $101 25.
PLUMS— 2O@4Oc per box and crate and 30@33e
per basket; In bulk. $10<815 per ton: Prunes, 35@
60c per crate and 33@40c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES— S2 50®3 50 per chest for
large and J2 50^4 SO for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— S3(ffS per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— S2^4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— S6@7 per chest.
CURRANTS— SI Bo@3 per chest.
FIGS— Per box, 20®40c for single and 33gS5c
for double layers.
PEACHES— 2S@4Oc " per box and 23@40c per
basket for common and 50@60c per box for
Crawfords. ' " -
GRAPES — None came 'in.
CHERRIES— 6O@7Sc per box for black: Royal
Anne, 25@60c In bulk, 6@7c for black and 4®
6c for Royal Anne.
MELONS— Nutmegs. $1 6602 per . case for
CITRUS- FRUITS-Seedline»f 60c<£$l 50: St.
Michaels, $I@2 50; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 23®
2: Valenclas, $2@2 50; Lemons,' sl@2 for common
and $2 50<fr3 50 for good, to choice; ' Mexican
Limes, $4@4 50: Bananas. 75c@$2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, Jl 50@3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market Is dull and featureless, old fruits
being about cleaned up and out of favor, and
new fruits, with the single exception of Apri
cots, not yet in market.
DRIED FRUITS— OId Crop— Prunes. In sacks,
4®4V4c for 40-50's. 3V4@3%0 for 50-60's. 3*,i@3^c
for 60-70* s, 3<@SKc for 70-BG*s. 2T4@3c for 80-90* s
and 2H<ff2%c for 90-100's. \ Peaches. 4H@4%c for
Standards, 6c for choice and sH<6"6c for fancy
Peeled Peaches. 10@l2Hc; Evaporated Apples
EH<g6c; sun-dried, S@4c per lb; Pears. 3*4@4Hc
for dark and 7@Bc for bright halves; Black
TIES. 1-U®2c; White Figs, 2@3c; Bleached
Plums, 7',4c; Unbleached Plums. 6c . for pitted
and lVfcc for unpltted.
NEW CROP— Apricots. 6t6@7*jic per lb.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime 6c- un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, BV4c; choice, 7ftc; standard, 6We
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless'
60-lb. boxes. 6c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels s\£c'
3-crown, 6Vic; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers"
2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping: points
in California. ,
NUTS— tvalnuts, S®9c for Standards and 9©
10c for softshells; Almonds, H»£(g:i2c for paper-
Bhell, 9@loc for soft and 4Ss<j for hardshell:
Peanuts, 5%(26^ic for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia: Brazil Nuts, 7^4oSc; Filberts, Wffii'ijc-
Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5. » ->• »
HONEY— Comb. 12H@13c for bright and 110
12c for light ambert water white extracted 7^4
@7%c; light amber extracted 6\<s7c; dark 6c
per lb. • - ' ,
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
. .The j market continues ' In poor shape, with,
continual cutting among dealers.
-CURED MEATS— Bacon. lO^lO^c per lb for
heavy. lO'i^lOHc for light medium, ll»ic for
light, 12V4c for extra light and 1 4 % c for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured ' Hams, 12@13c;
Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra Mess, $13; Fam
ily, $14; extra Prime Pork, $15; extra clear. $19-
Mes*. $16 50; Smoked, Beef. 12>4@13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and S'/ic for pure; half-barrels, pure
B%c: 10-lb tins. 9\jc; 5-lb tins. 9%e.
- COTTOLENE— One half barrel. B%c;. three
half barrels, S^c; one tierce, S%c; two tierces,
B Vic: five tierces. S**c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool, and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brand* i»ejl
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
9%c; medium, B%c; light, 84c; Cowhides.;' BHc;
Stags, 6c; Salted Ktp, S%c; • Calf, 10c; Dry
Hides, sound, 17c: culls and 'brands, 14c; Dry
Kip.- 15c; Dry. Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, Shear
lings. ¦ 20(if 30c each; short Wool, 35@t>Oe each;
medium. 70@90c; long Wool,'sl©l 25 each; Horse-
Hides, $1 7f><ii2 for large and 73c!g'$l 25 for small;
Colts, 25050 c. , Deerskins— Summer or red skins
37H@40c; fall or medium skins, 32V»<C35c; win
ter or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins — Prime Ango
ras, 75c; large and smooth. SOc; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. .4c per lb; No. 2.
8c: refined. s%c;;irrease, 2Hc
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable -as ' follows:
Northern free. 15<g 18c: Northern defective. ¦ 13©
15c; 'Middle County, free 130i17c: Middle Coun
ty, defective, 13@15c; Southern Mountain. 12
months'; 12@13c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'. ll@13c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'.' 10@12o;Humboldt and Mendocino.
17©19-?: Nevada, 14617 c per lb. -
HOPS— Nominal at 5© 10c per lb: new, 9@loc.
General Merchandise.
".'BAGS — San. Quentln Bags. $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6Hc; Wool Bags, .28H@32Hc;
Fleece .Twine, : 7%c; . Fruit Bags, 6V4@6%c - for
white and' B>ieB?4c for bleached Jute,'
'COAL — Wellington "J8 per' ton; new Welling
ton, :JS; Southfleld Wellington. $8; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5 60; ¦ Wallsend. $8; Co
operative Wallsend, $s; Cumberland, $12 In bulk
and $13 25; in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Eck. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; : Coke, * $16 per
to choice heavy. :$5 20®5 42%: rough, heavy.,
$5 15@5 25: light, »5 15@5 40; bulk of Bales, $3 30
SHEEP— Receipts, .7000;^ sheep .and lambs,
choice, strong: to shade higher, others about
steady; 'erood to choice wethers, $4 So@4 74; fair
to choice - mixed, ss3 20<9>4 15; Western : sheep.
J4 50@4 75: - Texas sheep, $3 30@4 40; native
lambs, $506 20; "Western lambs, $5 60@6 20;
spring lambs,' $4 75@6 60. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 29, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
Shipping Intelligence.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
Time Ball.
8
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
, ,\V aters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Bay. Published •by official au
**i.&2f! t3^5 f •¦**•' Superintendent.
.^¦.^OTE-Ttoo-hUhvand low water, occur at
ton in bulk and JIS In sacks; Castle Gate, and
Rock Sprints, JS 45 per . 2000 Bounds.
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per Ib. in 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.90 c; Powdered,
C.uOc; Candy Granulated,' s.soc; Dry Granulated.
5.40 c; Confectioners' A, 5.40 c; Magnolia A Be-
Extra C, 4.90 c; Golden C. 4.80 c: barrels. 10c
more; half- barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more;
EO-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Us equivalent. Domlnos, half
barrels. 6.15 c; boxes, 6.40 c per lb.
C Time Time Titnei
p Ft. Ft. 1
« L. W HWI L. W
IP
lime
Ft. I 111 1
!H W
Ft
H YV L. "Wl IH TV
3 ... 0:0$ 5.6 7:00 0.4 2:12
0 ... 0:57 6.1 7:37 0.0 2:51
1 ... 1:45 4.7 8:10 0.6 3:2S
2 ... 2:35 4.2 *:*1 1.0 4:02
S ... 3:31 3.7 9:15 1.5 4:37
4 ... 4:39 3.5 9:55 2.0 5:11
5 ... S:SS! 3.3 10:K 2.4 5:15
5.1 7:Wf
5.1 8:00
5.1 9:01
5.2 10:0o'
5.1 11:041
5.1 11:37
5.2
U
M
t".:
t
}
i
?.
3
Steamer. | From. -
| Due.
Portland Cape Nome
Nippon Maru .. China and Japan
Moana Australia
State of Cal Portland
Newburs Grays Harbor
Point Arena.... Mendoclno
Bonlta Newp0rt...................
Coqullle River. Grays Harb0r............
Orizaba Humboldt
Robt. Adamson Nanaimo
Arcata ......... Cooa Bay
Acapulco New York
Walla Waila... Victoria & Puget Sound
North Fork llumbol.lt
Santa R05a..... San Diego _..
Matteawan Tacoma
Wellington Comox
Eureka Humboldt
W. H. Kruger.. San Pedro
Columbia Portland
Coos Bay Newport
Warfleld Oyster Harbor.....
Zealandla Cape Nome
Tellus Oyster Harbor _..
I>el Ncrte Portland
Crescent City... Crescent City
-iJuneM
.Jane z>
.. June »
• June 23
. Juae 23
. June -i
. Juna 30
. Juna in
. I June S->
• I July l
. July l
. July l
2, July 1
iJuly 1
-¦July 3
. July t
.July 3
. July 3
. Ju'.y 3
. July 4
. Ju'.y 4
. July 4
. July 4
. July 4
. July 5
. July 3
Corona |San Diegt>
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
Corona tsan Diego June 30, 11 am; Pier 11
Clly Puebla Vie & Pgt Sd. June 30. 11 am Pier 9
Doric China &Japan j June 30. 1 pmjPMSS
Empire .... Coos Bay June 30. lfm;Pler 13
Bonlta Newport JuJy 2. 9am;Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. July 2. 2 pnrPler 2
St.ite of Cal Portland July 2, 11 am'Pl'r 24
Orizaba ....|Humboldt July 2. 2 pm|Pler 9
Newburff ..IGrays Harbor July 2. spm
Coqullle R-. Grays Harbor Ju!y 2, 3pm........
W. Kruser. Tlllamook July 3. I Pier t
Arcata Coos Bay July 3, 12 m! Pier IS
Santa Rosa. San Diego July 4. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt July 4. 9amJPier 3
Eureka ....Humboldt July 4. 2 pin: Pier 13
Walla WaL Vie & Pgt Sd. July 6. 11 am j Pier 9
Portland ... Cape Xom« July 6,
Nome City. Cape Nome July 5.
Coos Bay... Newport July 6, 9am Pier 23
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
Corona tsan Diego June 30, 11 am; Pier 11
Clly Puebla Vie & Pgt Sd. June 30. 11 am Pier 9
Doric China &Japan j June 30. 1 pmjPMSS
Empire .... Coos Bay June 30. lfm;Pler 13
Bonlta Newport JuJy 2. 9am;Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. July 2. 2 pnrPler 2
St.ite of Cal Portland July 2, 11 am'Pl'r 24
Orizaba ....|Humboldt July 2. 2 pm|Pler 9
Newburff ..IGrays Harbor July 2. spm
Coqullle R-. Grays Harbor Ju!y 2, 3pm........
W. Kruser. Tlllamook July 3. I Pier t
Arcata Coos Bay July 3, 12 m! Pier IS
Santa Rosa. San Diego July 4. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt July 4. 9amJPier 3
Eureka ....Humboldt July 4. 2 pin: Pier 13
Walla WaL Vie & Pgt Sd. July 6. 11 am j Pier 9
Portland ... Cape Xom« July 6,
Nome City. Cape Nome July 5.
Coos Bay... Newport July 6, 9am Pier 23
Steamer. | From. -
| Due.
Portland Cape Nome
Nippon Maru .. China and Japan
Moana Australia
State of Cal Portland
Newburs Grays Harbor
Point Arena.... Mendoclno
Bonlta Newp0rt...................
Coqullle River. Grays Harb0r............
Orizaba Humboldt
Robt. Adamson Nanaimo
Arcata ......... Cooa Bay
Acapulco New York
Walla Waila... Victoria & Puget Sound
North Fork llumbol.lt
Santa R05a..... San Diego _..
Matteawan Tacoma
Wellington Comox
Eureka Humboldt
W. H. Kruger.. San Pedro
Columbia Portland
Coos Bay Newport
Warfleld Oyster Harbor.....
Zealandla Cape Nome
Tellus Oyster Harbor _..
I>el Ncrte Portland
Crescent City... Crescent City
-iJuneM
.Jane z>
.. June »
• June 23
. Juae 23
. June -i
. Juna 30
. Juna in
. I June S->
• I July l
. July l
. July l
2, July 1
iJuly 1
-¦July 3
. July t
.July 3
. July 3
. Ju'.y 3
. July 4
. Ju'.y 4
. July 4
. July 4
. July 4
. July 5
. July 3
Corona |San Diegt>
C Time Time Titnei
p Ft. Ft. 1
« L. W HWI L. W
IP
lime
Ft. I 111 1
!H W
Ft
H YV L. "Wl IH TV
3 ... 0:0$ 5.6 7:00 0.4 2:12
0 ... 0:57 6.1 7:37 0.0 2:51
1 ... 1:45 4.7 8:10 0.6 3:2S
2 ... 2:35 4.2 *:*1 1.0 4:02
S ... 3:31 3.7 9:15 1.5 4:37
4 ... 4:39 3.5 9:55 2.0 5:11
5 ... S:SS! 3.3 10:K 2.4 5:15
5.1 7:Wf
5.1 8:00
5.1 9:01
5.2 10:0o'
5.1 11:041
5.1 11:37
5.2
U
M
t".:
t
}
i
?.
3The Metcalf Club
ALAMEDA. June IS.— The Metcalf Re
publican Club of Alameda held an enthu
t-BstJc meeting this evening at Llnder
man Hail. The building was crowded.
('onß7*?!man Metcalf was introduced to
the audience by Colonel Georpe Babcock.
rr*si(Vnt of the club. H<? thanked tho
mritibeni of the organisation for their
hearty support and then in a short ad
dre»«» hff touohr-d on the vital points of
offalrg. tho ConrrpFsronn declared htm
ff!f In favor of the completion of the tidal
cans! and p!<Hl**>d himself to work In that
behalf if r«?-e!»v-ted.
Dr. C. I- Tiwiaie and Jurtpe A. n. Hunt
a1«o addrersfd the meeting. The club
will nKot next wrrk in Grand Army Hall.
Ruined by Narcotic Drug's.
OAKLAND. June 2«— Dr. A. C. Collins.
formerly a leading phvFirtan of Golden
Gate, is lyine in a precarious condition at
the Golden Gate Hotel at Emeryville. Hlp
condition is due to the excessive use of
morphine and other rtruus to which the
phyficlnn becam? a confirmed fiend sev
eral year? e«*<\ While suffering from in
romnifl Dr. Collins commenced the use of
narcotic*. Gmrti:ellv the habit *rrew until
row d**?ert*'d by his* family and most of
hl« friends, be '.r. a subject for the County
Inflnmarv. v;hc r c he will probably be
taken within A few days.
OAKLAND, June 28.— 1n the presence
of a great throng of spectators the
new hall of Alcatraz Ixidge No. 244.
F. and A. M.. was dedicated to-day
by the Grand Lodge of California with all
the. solemn and impressive ritualistic rites
of Free Masonry. The event was a gala
day for the Masonic fraternity. Many of
the members of the Grand Lodge wero
present in person, while scores of visiting
Masons, with the friends and relatives of
membf rs of Alcatraz Lodge, crowded the
spacious hall where the ceremonies were
conducted.
The Grand Lodpe assembled nt 2 o'clock
with Alcatraz Lodge at Its old meeting
place.. Willow and Seventh streets. There
the Grand Lodge was formally opened.
The officers, escorted by the lodge,
marched In procession to the new hall,
which is on Peralta street, near Seventh.
Those who compose the Grand Lodge
are:
Grand master, Charles I* Patton; acting
deputy grand master. Charles L. Pierce; senior
crand' warden, William P. Welts; octlnj Junior
grand wardpn. Charles E. Snook; acting grand
treasurer. Daniel Robertson: Brand secretary.
Oeorp-e K. Johnsnn; srrand chaplain. Rev. K. B.
Church; acting grand orator, Nlles Ssarlg;
a'-tlnp icr«n<s lecturer, A. J. Talt; gran>J mar
shal John TonninßFen; grand standard bearer,
Phitip Oavts: urand sword .bearer. F. J.
H«i»ton; acting jrrand standard boarer. F. D.
wilUaißn; acting «enior grand dracon. h.
Srhvrarz; actlr.f. Junior grand dpacon, N.
Hamm: acting senior crand etewird. J. H.
edifice, with an impo«*lhs entrance In
classic lines. The building interior Is
finished in oak. The lodgeroom is in oak
and nlle fjreen is the prevailing fresco
except the blue of the ceiling and dome.
The latter is studded with electric lights.
The upper floor has also numerous aux
iliary apartment?, complete for all pur
poses of the fraternity. The lower floor
front has a large storeroom. The vesti
bule entrance to the spacious auditorium
to the rear is neat and convenient, as is
the large assembly hall, fully equipped
for entertainments, the stage being well
supplied with paraphernalia. Across one
end of the hall Is an observation gallery.
All is In oak. with harmonizing tints on
dado, walls, friezes and celling.
A feature of the lodßeroom Is the elab
orate electric lighting of the altar and
stations. The other paraphernalia Is of
most artistic manufacture. Unity Chap
ter No. 65. which will also occupy the
rooms, haa its emblems likewise. Illum
inated.
The lodgeroom has seating capacity for
400 and the assembly hall will accommo
date fiOO seated 'persons.
Much praise was bestowed upon the hall
directors for the effective work which was
done upon the structure. The total cost,
Including: the lot. Is about $30,000. The
architects were Cunningham Brothers.
Thls evening there was a dedicatory
ball in the assembly hall, at which hun
dreds were present. Brilliant electric
lighting and superb floral decorations
¦were features of the arrangements. The
committees were as follows:
Arrangements— KUes Bearls Jr., Charles E.
Snook. Dr. W. K. Sanborn. H. Bchwarz. NJ
Hamm. James Hall. M. Monk, Mrs. K. A. Per-
•Floor— Dr. W. K. Sanbom. manager; R.
Bchwarz. assistant; Charles ¦F. Hall. William
Crosirnan, Albert Long. Harry W/ Adams and
Andrew J. Johnson. - ¦ - .
Reception — Xlles Pearls Jr., Charles EL Snook
C: 11. Redington, H. H. Schlmller, R. G. Oral
ham. Albert Peacock, H. A. Gllnes, Dr. F. E.
Pleree. Mrs. C. F. Hall, Mrs. Emma Umphred.
Mrs. Emma Gllnes. Mrs. A. D. Wilson. Mrs.
Emma Perkins. Miss Mary Moore and Mrs.
Lucy Neal.
. The officers of Alcatraz Masonic Hall
Association are: s
H. Schlndler. president; Robert Graham, sec
retary: Daniel Robertson, treasurer; C. H
Redlnston. Daniel Robertson. H. A. Glines, W
A. Hunter, R. C. Monk and A. T. Tajt, dt
rectors.
The officers of Alcatraz Lodge are:
Worshipful master, , Nl lea Searls Jr.; senior
warden, Charles E. Snook; Junior warden. Dr.
W. K. Sanborn; treasurer. Daniel Robertson;
»eer<\tary, W. \V. Xeale; senior deacon;. Henry
Sehwarz: Junior deason. Nicholas Hamm: mar
phal, S. E. Declcard: senior steward. J. H. Mc-
Rae: Junior steward. Dr. F.E. Pierce; organ
ist. H. M. Baker; tyler. S. H. FarrelL
Mrßae; artlng Junior grani steward. Dr.
Frnnk E. Pierre: prand pursuivant, te «, Na
gle: acting grand organist, H. M. Baker; grand
tylfr. Ge^rse P. Adams. '
The Grand Lodge officers were received
with due honors at the hall and then pro
ceeded to the lodge rooms, taking their
stations while the lodge members were
assembled (n double row before the altar
with Its lighted candles and MaEonic em
blems. To the rear were the assembled
ncn-mpmbors and other visitors.
Grand Master Pntton began the core
monies after the opening ode to the tune
"America" had been rendered by ihe fol
lowing quartet: H. SI. Baker, Charles
Keypter. William Coates and William
Grossman.
"I need hardly say how much the Oran 1
Lodge appreciates the efforts of Alcatraz
Lodge in its work for the progress of.
Masonry." Bald the grand master. "We
are proud of this lodge hall and trust that
for many years you may meet here an<l
enjoy the prosperity which you deserve."
The ritualistic ceremonies wore duly ob
served. After Worshipful MastPr Miles
Searls Jr. of Alcatraz Lodge had made
the formal request for dedication at tho
hands of thf Grand Lodge the grand
master accepted the duty. Grand, Chap
lain Church delivered an invocation and
Chief "Architect H. A. Gllnes delivered to
the grand master the square, level and
plumb. Then in order the symbolical
corn, wine and oil were fl»posited upon the
altar and with the words: "In the name
of the preat Jehovah I do solemnly dedi
cate this hall to Free Masonry." the
grand master pronounced the dedicatory
speech.
The ceremonies closed with an address
by Nlles Searls Sr.. who In happy vein
congratulated Alcatraz Lodge upon It 9
beautiful home.
"If In sequence to the dedication of this
grand structure." said Judge Searls "the
moral and Intellectual, qualities of your
members Bhall be advanced Masonry will
have attained one of Its greatest objects.
Here great good, can be accomplished in
the* Masonic pathway of life. Meet here
and cherish the principles underlying your
order. Unless Masonry makes better men
of us It Is of little use. If higher aspira
tions for good are here conceived and
higher notions of man's duty to himself
and to his fellowmen are born then Is Its
object a grand one. .
"The purpose of thla edifice is to pro
\*lde a place where you may not only
etudy Masonry for Its forms and cere
monies, designed only to keep out the un
worthy, but that the great principles
¦which govern and control Masonry may
be Inculcated more deeply Into the lives
of those who are of Its mystic ' brother
hood."
Th« now hall Js an ornate two-story
NEW HALL OF ALCATRAZ LODGE AND TWO MASONS
PROMINENT IN DEDICATORY SERVICES.
BELFAST. June 28.— The Leyland Line
steamer Devonian. & sister ship of the Winni
fredlan. was launched hero to-day.
BERIiIN, June 28.— Professor Ferdinand yon
Rlchthofen has been appointed director of the
newly established museum of oceanography.
INDIANAPOLIS. June 28.— The Supreme
Court held in a case from Grant County that
tho pumplne of natural gas from gas wells Is
illegal
BERLIN. June 2S. — Senor Mendez de Vigo,
Spanish Kmbasaador to Germany, will retire
next week and will hereafter reside on his own
estates near Havana.
NEW YORK, June 28.— The funeral of
Stephen Crane, the author, took place to-day,
(¦prviees belnK hfld In the Metropolitan Temple.
Thtfre was a large attendance. The body was
Interred In Evergreen Cemetery, Elizabeth,
N. J. ,
LONDON. June 2S.— Oxford University to-day
conferred the honorary degree of D. E>. on Rev.
Morgan Dix of New York, the honor degree of
D. C. 1., on C. E. Norton of Harvard and the
honorary desree of D. Sc. on James M. Baldwin
of Princeton.
SALT LAKE. CITY. June 2S.— According to
the sworn statements filed with the State
Board of Equalization, the net profits of the
Utah dividend-paying mines of the current year
were $2,370,028. as compared with $1.752.264 for
the same period of last year.
OMAHA, June 28.— A masked rohber started
through the Pullman car on the Omaha-Billings
train on the Burlington road after leaving
York. Neb., this morning. He got two watches
and J7O, but took alarm, pulled the air-brake
and left the train before completing his work.
FRANKFORT. Ky., June 28.— Governor Reek
ham refused to approve accounts for services of
the Taylor militia from the date that. Goebel
was declared not- elected until the evacuation of
troops, after the decision of the Supreme
Court. The whole sum claimed In salaries ag
gregated upward of $50,000.
OMAHA. June 2S. — The storm in Northeastern
Nebraska swept over a reelon 100 miles
square and Immense damage was done In the
acsrregate. In Wakcfleld two residences and
several bams were wrecked. All through -'the
storm-swept section windmills and outbuildings
were destroyed and crops blown down.
LONDON. June 2S.— Horace Fedger, a well
known theatrical manager, and hl» wife, Ethel,
an actress, were arraigned and remanded to
day at the Bow-street Police Court on the
charge . of fraudulently obtaining roods by
means of worthless checks. Counsel for the
complainant averred that a number of similar
charges will .be forthcoming at the next hear
ing of the case. ;
LONDON. June 28.— The Association of
Chambers of Commerce of the United Kingdom
adopted a - resolution urging the Government
to promptly conclude a convention with Ger
many. Austria and other powers willing to
abolish mear bounties, the convention to In
clude a penal caune prohibiting the entry of
bounty-fed sugar Into the territories of the
contractinc powers.
SANTA CRUZ. June 28.— The Big Creek
Power Company will make application In a few
days for a franchise to furnish electrical pow
er to Ban Jose. The company recently pur
chased the water ? rights to Mill Creek, which
will be turned «nto Big Cr*ek. greatly Increas
ing the capacity. A large force of men will be
cnKaged In bulldine dam*. The distance from
BIR Creek to Sanjcse la twenty-seven miles.
The company already furnishes power to Ben
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
No Belief for Judge Aitken.
The Supreme Court yesterday denied,
without comment, the writ of habeas cor
pus applied for by attorney.* of Judge
John R. Altken. who was fined C<X) and
committed to Jail by Judge Mahon of
Kern County last Tuesday for contempt.
BERKELEY. June rs.— At 10 o'clock this
morning the city-bound local train coi
lided with two wagons drawn by a
team of four horses. \V. A. Purdy,
a driver for tho Union Paving Cornpar.y
cf San Francisco, was driving down Le
Roy avenue, where his company Is en*
{.aged In paving a street. He reached the
tracks before he saw the train, and as
he had two youngr and unbroken horses
he could not Ftop them. Instead he lash
ed into a run, thinking he could cross fn
front of the engine. The engine struck
the rear part of the first wapon. throw
ing Jt anil the driver twenty feet. The
horses took fright and da?hed madly
down the street with what remained or
the first wagoti. Neither the driver nor
the horses were injured.
Engineer Bul!ivan was In charpe of the
er.irir.e. and as poon as he «nw the team
he applied tho brakes, but could not
check the *peod of the train on the down
-rade quickly enough. Driver Purdy com
ivalned that the engineer had not wn:»
tied and he did not notice the train co~>.
WAGONS WRECKED BUT
DRIVER IS UNINJURED
Aged "Woman Attempts Suicide.
Amelia Wallace, a Portuguese woman.
€3 years of age, residing at 410 Pacifls
street, and who had been drinking heavily
of late, attempted suicide late last night.
She swallowed half an ounce of carbolic
acid in the saloon at 429 Pacific street.
Officer R. G. Skaln summoned the ambu
lance and had her conveyed to the Har
bor Hospital. She will recover.
Kaarsburg to Coach Oregon.
BERKELEY. June 2S.— Lawrence
Kaarsburg. full back on the football team
of the University of California for th»
past two year 3. has been engaged to
coach the team of the University of Ore
gon next year. His contract la from Oc
tober 1 to December 1. The Oregonians
will play Multnomah. Corvallla. Califor
nia and Stanford next fall.
MASONS DEDICATE THE NEW
HALL OF ALCATRAZ LODGE
OAKLAND. Jun* 25.-Philip Meyer ar.d
several other stockholders of the Liver
more Gaslight Company, who are the de
fendants in a suit commenced by Wll-
V.T.m M. Mendenhall for the reversion to
Mm of the land on which the gas plant
Is erected, have filed an answer \o Men
denhall's complaint In which they deny
That they violated their contract with the
plaintiff.
Mendenhall brought suit apalnst Meyer
and other stockholders of the company
to compel them to return the land used
by the corporation. He claimed that he
rave them the property with the agree
ment that It wa* to be used for no other
rurpose than as a place for the manu
facturing of gras. Some time ago Meyer
established on the land an electric-light
plant and then contracted with the town
at Livermore for the placing of light
pole* and lamp* with which to illuminate
:he tnwn. In this way the r-.is company
lost patronare and Mend»»nhall wanted
Ihj return of his property.
in their -answer the defendants claim
that the elertric light plant was estab
lished with the knowledge of M«=ndenhall
ar.d that no cmtrnct v.-ns violated.
LiVERMORE'S LIGHT
PLANT IN LITIGATION
Hill-Crawford Nuptials.
BERKELEY, June 2*.— James F. HIH
and Miss Jessie 51. Crawford were mar
ried last evening at th"» home of the
bride's parents In San Francisco. Rev.
J P. Dlckson officiated. Miss Fannie
Crawford was maid of honor and Robert
L.. France best man. After a honeymoon
the young couple will reside at 2137 Blaka
street.
Reception at Mare Island.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, June 2S.— This evening at the
sail loft. Mare Island, a formal reception,
was tendered the marine officers who. Just
from the Kast. are en route to the Asiatic
stations and the Philippine Islands, by the
marine officers stationed at the Mare
Island Navy-yard.
Mrs. Davis and the following younff
ladies received: The Misses Miller. Miss
McDougnl, Miss Macrae, Miss McDonald
and Miss Pitts. The army officers from
the Presidio were invited and dancing to
the music of the naval band was indulged
in from 8 until 1 o'clock, after which a
dainty supper was served. The officers
and the ladles nre royal entertainers and
their hops are a feature of naval society.
The sail loft was most beautifuljy dec
orated for the affair.
Adams-Price Nuptials.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. June 23. —
Charles C. Adams. Stanford. '02. and Miss
Annie L. Price were married last Wednes
day evening at the home of the bribe's
parents in Anderson. Shasta County. Tht
Pride is a daughter of Editor Price of the-
Anderson Valley News. Mr. Adams Is
now engaged in business in Stockton. H»
was one of the greatest athletes that ever
attended Stanford University. He was
captain of the baseball team, shot putte*.
hammer thrower, sprinter, broad Jumpei
and pole vaulter. In one field day alone
he won seven points. He was president
of the pioneer class and a member of the
Zeta Psi Fraternity.
Bailey Pleads Guilty.
Special Dispatch to The Call
MERCED. June 2S.— Charles Bailey, who
shot Clabe Dean, a farmer, on the Merced
River, appeared In the Superior Court
this morning to answer to the charge of
assault with intent to murder. He re
fused to have a lawyer and pleaded guilty
to the charge. After hearing the evidence
Judge Minor asked him to withdraw the
plea and the court appointed Frank Far
rar for his attorney. Bailey was convicted
In San Benlto County for poisoning and
was sentenced to twenty-five years In the
Pentltentiary. He served his term and
has been out about a year.
Americans Imprisoned
. VICTORIA. B. C. June 2S.— The agent?,
the captain and the purser of the Ameri
can steamer Merwin, having been impris
oned for eighteen hours at Dawson City
without being allowed to furnish bail, on
the complaint of passengers -who left
without prosecuting. Consul McCook Is re
ported by the Dawson Nugget to have
drawn up a statement for submission to
Washington, asking that an explanation
be demanded from the British Govern
ment.
ALAMEDA, June 28.— One hundred men
were thrown out of employment»by the
closing down to-night of the" Pacific Coast
Borax Works, controlled by , "Borax
King" Smith. The works will remain
closed for an indefinite period, six months
at least, this being the first time in their
history that every employe has been let
out.
Two reasons are given for the closing.
From one of the men it Is learned that
the stopping of work Is due to an exor
bitant raise In the freight charges on the
crude borax from Death Valley to the
works at West Alameda. It seems the
Southern Pacific Company raised the
rate without warning from $fi 50 to $29 a
ton. which, of course, the borax works
people refused to pay* This extraordi
nary boost of rates went Into effect on
the 6th Ins:. The borax people refused
to foot the big bills, and failing to secure
an adjustment from the railroad company
decided to close up everything on this
coast and ship borax to their new works
In New York.
Superintendent John Ryan pleads Igno
rance In regard to the difficulties ovft 1
freight rates which exist between the
two corporations, although he admits that
there are some differences which they are
trying to regulate. He account for the
wholesale discharge of men by stating
that it was done because of the comple
tion of the big borax refinery In New
York which was commenced two years
ago.
"I understood the people. I represent
were trying to get some concession from
the railroad." said Superintendent Ryan,
"but Just what It Is about I don't know.
We have been gradually letting men out
.since we started up two months ago.
Most of our refining Is done in New York
now because the rate from the borax
mines to that point is cheaper than it is
to San Francisco."
Th« borax works have been receiving
about 900 -tons of crude borax from Death
Valley each month. A rnlse of $22 50 a
ton In freight is a prohibitive figure and
means a big sum to the borax people.
Until they can get this figure reduced
they will keep the works closed up.
Borax Works Close Down
on Account of High
Freight Rates. . .
HUNDRED MEN
ARE THROW N OUT
OF EMPLOYMENT
HOLEHAN MAY SITE
Dsmands B-eturn of Money Loaned en
San Joss Pavilion.
BpeclaJ P!s;>atch to The CaJl.
SAN JOSE. June 2S.— All persons and
business men who were members of the
local Board of Tra-ie on August 27, 1837,
are threatened with a suit for 57 15 each,
their pro rata liability on a doficif-ncy
judgment held by Patrick Holehan
against the board. To-day they received
circulars to the effect that unless they
called on Charles P. Owen, the agent of
Holehan. and paid thHr share of indebt
edness on or before July 10 next suit
would at once be brought agn.lr.st them
for the liability and costs. Some 200 mem.
hers ere thus affected.
This financial difficulty dates back t*
the big rose carnival in IRS7. There was
not quite enough money raised to com
plete the carnival pavilion, which cost
nearly JCOOO. and in order to finish the
building the Board of Trade borrowed
12000 from Holehan and gave a mortgage
on the structure to secure its payment.
The board expected the money ¦would be
readily forthcoming and that the rent of
the structure would eventually pay the
Indebtedness. Instead no Income has
been derived from the building.
A short tirr.p aero Holphan foreclosed
his mortgage for $2000 and interest, and
at the salo he bid the pavilion In at $1000.
leaving a deficiency of $1406 05. Now he
Is about to bring suits against the some
200 members of the Board of Trade at
that time for ?7 15 each to meet the de
ficiency. Many of the members receiving
th« circulars to-day say they will pay
their share rather than contest it.
Holehan also threatens to tear down the
building and sell the lumber, thus leav
ing San Jcse without a building large
enough In which to hold a fair or other
large gathering. The building stands on
leased ground in Agricultural Park.
Goldsboro Is Badly Damaged.
TACOMA, Wash.. June 28—Examina
tion to-day of the damages received by
the torpedo-boat destroyer Goldsboro in
the collision with the dock In this city
Tuesday afternoon show they are more
extensive than at first supposed. There
1b a heavy dent along the starboard bow
for a distance of thirty feet. All dam
aged plates will have to be removed. An
effort win be made to make repairs with
out putting the vessel In the drydock. the
most damage being above the water
mnrk. The boat was bu'lt by Wolff &
Zwicker of Portland, on Puget Sound.
Barley BurnetL
CIITCO. June 2S.— Fire on the Whitten
farm near Nord last night destroyed 100
acres of : standing barley, also a large
barn full of hay, two granaries and ma
chinery sheds. In which were stored a
combined harvester and several wagons.
The loss is estimated at $5000: insurance
on standing grain and hay in barn $1370.
The fire was started by a spark from a
railroad locomotive. At about the same
time fire startPd by some engine on the
Glynn farm, near Chico, destroyed half
a mile of fencing.
Valuable Library Burned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO." June 28.— An alarm of fire
was sent in from the residence of R. B.
Swain, instructor in chemistry at Stan
ford University, at a late hour last night.
The volunteer fire department responded
promptly and by splendid work succeeded
in confining the fire to the upper portions
of the house. In spite of their efforts,
however, the second story was entirely
destroyed, with all Its contents, which in
cluded a very valuable library belonging
to Professor Swain. The loss, not includ.
ing the library, amounts to about |20<K>,
which Is covered by insurance.
¦ ? »
Life in a Flat.
"Where is my folding pipe?"
'¦I don't know, James, but the folding
matches are on the folding majitelpiecr."
Lomond. Boulder Creek and the city of Los
Gates will alsn be supplied.
DEATH OF ARCHITECT
GERALD CUNNINGHAM
OAKLAND, June 2S.— Gerald Cunning
ham of the firm of Cunningham Bros.,
architects, of this e!ty, died this after
noon at his residence. Adam and Euclid
streets, after an illness of several weeks,
from cerebral meningitis.
The death of the young draughtsman Is
surrounded by peculiarly sad circum
stances. Only two months ago he was
married to Miss Mazie Otey, the wedding
having been celebrated with much cere
mony. Both bride and groom were
among the popular young society folk of
the city, and there will be many to
mourn with the youthful wife in her be
reavement. Mr. Cunningham was taken
ill a month after the wedding. AH that
medical skfll could accomplish was un
availing. He had lived in Oakland since
childhood, and for several years had
been with his brother. Harry L. Cunning
ham, engaged In architecture. There are
many fine public structures throughout
the State erected from plans drawn by
the young men.
The deceased was born in the East
Indies, his father. Captain John Cunning
ham, having been an officer in the Brit
ish army. He was 27 years of age. A
surviving sister. Mrs. Klmer F. Rich,
resides in Los Angeles. The funsral will
be held Saturday morning at 11 o'clock.
from his late residence.
OAKLAND, June 28.— Ttie Foresters
of America will dedicate their new
building on Thursday. July 5, with
the most elaborate exercises, in.
which all of the courts of Alameda
County will unite. The building- is prac
tically completed and everything will be
in readiness by next week.
The plan cf the American Foresters
with their new building was a bold one.'
They took a lease of the old Acme Club
building, with all of its gymnasium appa
ratus, which was left behind when the
A,cme Club consolidated with the Reliance
Club. They determined to give their
members all the benefit of the gymna
sium, baths nnd rooms of the Acme Club
In connection with their membership in
the order.
In order to do this a board of directors
was formed, consisting of H. A. Luttrell.
gymnasium, baths and social rooms, giv
ing them all of the privileges of a club
for this small monthly fee. Only mem
bers of the order will be sriven this privi
lege, but no member will be compelled
to Incur the additional expense unless he
desires to do so.
The regular dues are 11 a month, which
give the members all the sick benefits and
insurance of the order. For one-half of
this sum additional the club privileges
will be extended. • '
This plan has caused many to join the
order in order to avail themselves of the
privileges of the new hall nn<! fcymna
pium. It has had the dosired effect in
that It has stimulated interest in the For
esters and brought much new material
Into the various camps.
The board of directors will manage the
building for the benefit of the four affili
ated courts. If there be any profit over
the cost of operating the building It will
be divided amone the courts.
Isaac Goldwater, Archie Anderson, J/ E.
Reboli, G. Trimble. 0.. L. Holden, S. Gor
don. S. Bercovich and F. C. Casey. These
took charge of the new building and ar
ranged a plan of membership which is
most advantageous to the members of the
The four courts of Oakland united in
the plan, the directors of the hall belnp
chosen from among 1 the courts. The small
sum of 50 cents a month will be charped
each member for the complete use of the
ISAAC GOLD-WATER. ARCHIE ANDERSON. H. A. LUTTRELL. J. E. REBOLI. G. TRIMBLE.
T. L. HOLDEN. S. GORDON. S. BERCOVICH. F. C. CASEY.
To you officers and men. for your valuaMe
t^s»:stance ani earnest co-. p?ration, I feel rtry
thankful, and I -Jettr* to than!; you for the
< f.cier.t and faithful service rendered during
Life ;>ai<t year. 1 am hippy ty say that w«- nave
been rstrocetjr fortunate during the last year
la api tehendir.K criminals, and. thanks to the
verm 00-opfraiion cf the court*, we should be
; Utieolarly pleased with cur successes.
I have felt it my duty to Insist ujv-n the
rr.alntersnce of proper discipline at an tim^s.
In carrytr.p rut this rule I have endeavored to
KCt with lrr.j-artiality and show no particular
irfver to any member of the force. The euc
<¦*»?* of the Police r>er-artment defends upon
the rr.utuitl. friendly spirit of its members, and
I am t'.sd to say that we have nu factions in
t*.* d« ;->artment.
Tlejyiits rr.im leading cities are tf> the effect
t^at intoxicants are responsible for more com
r"-aints apraintt police officers than any other
cne thins- 1 desire to emj»ha«lre now and I
know I am pafe in saying that our department
is second to no pr.Mce organization as far as
r~l~r>tv ig concerned.
A police department, unlike other depart
trentf- of the city fnverjiment, is ever under the
fcrutir.ixtns; eye of the public. If mistakes ar*
made, tso matter how trivial, there is always
r-jme one to be found who is willing to magnify
these mistakes.
No r..>licp department that d^e* its work fear
lef^iy and well can hepe lor general favcr. and
is s officer or member of this department whoea
tfesire is to be a goo 4 fellow can be a good
r.rncer. While you are an .officer it is better t
be a good efflcer than a good fellow. The es
e«*r.tial requisite* of a jrood policeman are hon
esty, truthfulness, cauragre . Intelligence and
X'.raeaiU address. Always be gentlemen. . kind
«nd pieasar.t in lang-u^ge and bearing, ever
rfady to assist eitiien or strar.ger and perform
your duty w:th xeal, courage, discretion u:id
f-dFlm-.
The relations b*t«-**n this department and
th<> public prp«s through its reporter? as & rule
have bfpa p!pa?ant and <>f a character to feel
that we rhould be Quite *at'*fW with the treat
ment we h»v«? received. There is no Bet of peo
ple so watchful and alive to the dally happen
ing* In our city. Tnflr keen appreciation of
whit 1* ciing m arcurd them makes it impes
e'.b> that much of i>ublio interest pan b? kept
Eroo them, and the fact that the department
hap been fslr'.y treated is proof conclusive that
•we have little to be ashamej.of In the work
!n^s of our deiartmer.t end also that we have
la cur turn tried to do the right thing by the
repcrtf-rs.
THE DIRECTORS OF THE NEW FORESTERS' HALL.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. June 28.
Rev. Robert F. Coyle. pastor of tho
First Presbyterian Church, the largest
organization of that denomination on the
Pacific Coast, has returned to Oakland
from Denver, where he has been preach
ing at the First Presbyterian Church of
that city.
Dispatches from Denver declared that
Dr. Coyle was to receive a call to th©
pastorate of that church. \Vh!le not flat
ly admitting that he wa3 intending to
leave Oakland, there was a strong Infer
ence to be drawn, from his remarks to
day upon the subject. He said that he
would not be very much surprised If a
call did come and that if It did he would
accept it. Dr. Coyle paid further:
"I did not go to Dpnvpr as a candidate
for the pastorate, but to satisfy persist
ent demands of some friends. I was ask
ed to preach there when I returned frnrr.
the New York Ecumenical Council. The
people did not make me a definite offeK
I would not consent to that. So far as
any change Is concerned, that is a matter
for consultation first with my family."
It is rumored that if Dr. Coyle departs
his brother, Rev. Campbell Coyle. an abla
clergyman, will be a candidate to succeed
here.
Strong Signs That the Eminent Oak
land Divine Is Contemplating
a Change in His Pulpit
Connections. ;
Rev. Robert P. Coyle Does
Soms Preaching at thB
Colorado Capital.
MAY TAKE THE
PASTORATE OF
DENVER CHURCH
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111? Broadway. Jure 13.
The members of the Police Department
ri this city were assembled to-day b2
fore Chief of Police Hodgkirs. who de
: v«-r.-i a careful ar.d thoughtful addrc-is
to his men upon the duties of their posi
tion*. Ihe Chief made emphatic his
vi*w* snd declared straight from- the
shoulder that "political policemen" were
!:-: wanted in The department. H<? also
varr.e.i his men agair.st gossiping, and
itnteed that it would-be stamped out.
V hUe giving his men foil credit for their
t :>;ces Chief Hodgkins pointed out very
arly wh3t were his ideas concerning
tiee fisty and the way best results
oruld be accomplished.
la part Chief Hodgkins' address is as
follows:
POLITICS AND
GOSSIP MUST
BE ESCHEWED
Chief Hodgkms Delivers a
Warm Address to His
"While Commanding Force for It 3
Work. Hc^d of Department
Offers Seme Advice for
Future.
OAKLAND FORESTERS OF AMERICA WILL
SOON OCCUPY THEIR NEW BUILDING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 29, 1900.
9
HOW THE BOXERS DRILL FOR WARFARE.
A Member Poses for the Sunday Cafl.
By GENERAL SHAFTER.
HOW I SPENT THE FOURTH
AT SANTIAGO.
Ground hns tern broken a? Murfrccs-
boro Torn., for one of the Innr»*Bt cotton
B>H1» in the South, to cost {100,000.
By the Best Newspaper Artists on
the Pacific Coast.
7 FULL=PAOE 7
I ILLUSTRATIONS I
XXXX X X X X
WILL APPEAR i
IN THE GREAT ART MAGA*
ZINE SECTION OF NEXT
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL
THE SUMMER GIRL IN COSTUME.
THE PROPER WAY TO DRAPE COLUM&A.
THE LADIES OF THf WHITE HOUSE FOR
THE PAST CENTURY.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FIUDA?, JUNE 29, 1900.
10
SAA" FTIAHrCISCO CALL.
BUPrNTES OFFICE of The San Fraccisco
Ca'l. corner of Market and Third streets, open
t:ntll 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Dn Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes rtreet: open until 9:3t> p. m.
C 39 McAllister rtrect; ©pen until 9:33 p. m.
CIS Larkin Ftreet; open until JAI p. m.
im Mission Etreet; open until 10 p. m.
_tl Mission etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 d. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
155 C Valencia street; open unlll 9 p. m.
Northwest cemer Ttt enty-seeond and Ken-
tucky Ftr*»ets; op«i until 9 p. m.
EIEETIXXS KOTICKS.
CALIFORNIA Coma_ndery No. U^K. .£_.
T. No S Post ¦_< — Regular assembly lS)
THIS EVENING *t 7:80 .o'clock. All O
frater" courteously lssrlted. By order few
of tlie commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
T_BB — I'uena Loflffe of Perfection No. .
I.— Regular mating THIS (FRIDAY) jT
EVENING. June 23. at 8 o'clock. De- A
STee 33. -ZsL
HK.P.T BURNER, Sec. Pro Twn. KSSf
CROCKETT Lodce No. 139. F. and A. •
M.— Officers and members are reoaest- m jf\.
. ¦ to attend the '-jr.frr.l of our 'ie-^S^s
oesj-<-d brother. 11. J. HINCK. on SL*N-'V
DAY. July 1, at Masonic TempSe. at 1:30 p. m.
Ey ordpr of tie W. M.
H. FORVRIEDE. Sec
AI'HLLO Lod;re No. 123. I. O. O. ,^**C2i~
F.- The v nd '2.. degree will be
conf«rred hy ApoJlo IVpree TV-am r^^?4^~
THIS (FRIDAY) NIGHT. A full </; -
attendance of our members is desired. Vis't-
in? brethren cordially Invited. Public Instal-
lation on FRIDAY EVENING. July 6.
W. A. LIMBAUGH. N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. Rec. Sec.
ANNUAL Mpptir.R— The reg-ular annual meet-
Irs of the stockholders of The Santa Fe Ter-
minal Compar.y of California will be held at
the office of the coay>any. No. 321 Market st..
Pan Francisco. Cal.. on /TUESDAY, the I7th
.-Jay of July. 1900. at the hour of 2 o'clock p.
m., for the purpose of electing a bocrd of
directors to serve for the ensuing year and
the transaction of such other business as may
come b^fire the me*>tlnEr.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
AGENTS WAITED.
EELLING apent Trantad— Party to take produc-
tion of magnet wire factory as selling aifent
oa Pacific Coast and old Mexico: only those
who can handle large business will be con-
fidered. Address P. O. box 1177. Providence,
Rhode Inland.
WE ¦want a number of live, energetic men and
women; tight out-door employment; genteel.
THE J. DEWING CO.. room 12, Flood Mdg.
AGENTS v.ar.ted: good pay. 32« Pine St..
.V.---...-1 Information Darwcua.
ASTRO LOOT, j
SIRS. Sadie Dunn, ccientlfie astrologist. etrlctly j
reliable c-n all matters r>ertrUnlr.K to life and i
buyintf-s: horoscope readings, $1. "710 Sutter.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at la—. S*T7 Market rt..
room C2~; fFtates. damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
APVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
no f«*? without Fuccers; collections. <3. W.
HOWE, atty at law, £;>0 Market, cor .Stockton.
ADVICE free: no chanre unless successful. W.
\V. DAVIDSON. 927 Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
L S. CLARK. Emma Erreckela bid?:.. 917 Mar-
ket rt.: ronsuHatifin free; no fees In advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILES— Fred WARD - SON,
Afreets. 46 Fremont st.
BATH CABINETS.
ROBINFON $3. 4-panel folding; door opens: firm
and Eafe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 EUls.
UK X I.l> For Sale or Cxchnnge.
GOOD second-hand bicycles, all kinds and j
f'.zes at ALLEN'S. 1270 Page st,
UOOIvS — \E\V .1X1) OLD.
SCHOOL BOCKS bought and excharped.
li'lnies Book Co.. 704 Mission si. near Third.
BELGIAN HAKES.
15EI-GIAN HARES 1 .! j
All the popular Etrains at greatly reduced j
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE
AfcSOCIATKJX. Alarneda. Cal.
ELEGANT line of Imported dr>es Just received:
from 5-' up; pediere« guaranteed; Yfckon and
other etrains. 2H& Hyde Bt., corner Eddy.
TREMONT Ke'.ffian Hare Co.. 2154 Fillmore st..
Pan Kranc:sco, Cal. — Send 6c In Etamos for,
bock on care and feeding.
CHOICE rnDIGKKED BELGIAN HARES;
cheap. 1009* i Sutter st.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.. CCS Gol-
<ien Gate aye.. 25. F.. SGO ratiblts for s&le cheap.
HIGH peering, pedigreed stock, reasonable. '
Bora! Babbitry. 2H Golden Gate aye.. S. F. I
BOAHDnu FOR CHILDREN.
OAKLAND- Small child to board; mother's j
care; Kunsy surroundings; terms reasonable, j
10C7 OfTTiplirH St.. Center Station. Oakland.
LADY wifh«i to take one cr two j-oone chil- '
<2ren to board; mother's care; reference; large
tur.ny yard. 1717 O'Farrell st., city.
PRIVATE home for children by day. week or j
month: 1 day to tS years; »elect rielehborhood; !
mother's car?: EUTiny yart. 1304 Post St.. cor.
Frarklir.: rhon? Is&rkin iS7. two bell*.
¦ 111
BL'SWESS CllA\Ci_.
A DAY ealoon dolns a larre business; mostly
liquor trad"; fixtures, glassware, etc.; tMO;
ptock et invoice. Particulars, It. G. WILKE.
2C, Kearny Et
A— 1:00; COr.NER grocery and bar on Brannan
Ft.; rr-rt $21; llv:ng rooms; a good p&yine
business. C_U R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny et.
A-t2«0 : PARTNER wanted in coffee saloon
and chop house; close to Market St.; a splen-
did offer for the right man. Call R. G.
\\ ILKE, i'GV* Kearny st.
A— W<o; CANDY store and factory; close to
Powell and Market et».; rent $40; good pay-
ing LuytneM; *ickne«s cause of sale. R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kc— rny St.
A— s4ooo; COItNER grocery and bar; established
years and known as a money making place;
bett location; clore to Chronicle building. See
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— IJflOO; CiHOCERY and bar on San Bruno
roafi; living rooms; cheap rent; eplendid open-
ing for an active young man; party wishing
to retire from business cause of sale. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2€V» Kearny at.
A — $U'JC: COItNER; win* and liquor store; only
one block from Market; rent $iO; nor*e,
•ftagon and a large stock; eplendid paying
business; disagreement of partners cause of
sale. See R. G. WILKE. **£¦* Kearny st.
gr— jrcco; BEST paying com«r grocery end bar
on Hayes Et. ; no rent to pay; a splendid
chance. Foe R. G. WILKE. itM K^arny rt.
JCOO — PARTNER wanted Jn a first-class saloon
• ;n» block north of Market; owner leaving for
Europe. Call It. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
JSSO— GROCERY, dplicaclrs, notions, bread,
milk, new etock; ch*sp rent. LANE _ CO..
I-C0 Market Ft. 1
ZZth- HOME bakery, delicacies, candy and
cigars; living rooms. Lane & Co.. 565 Market.
fcfIO— NOTION?, prhool supplies. clgran>. bread,
milk, laundry. Cae business. LANE & CO.,
SGS Market st.
J4"*— PORK Ft ere; ham, bacon and delicacies;
elegant business. LANE & CO.. SCS Markets
$7^S— BAKERY baking 3 bbls. a day: 2 homes.
vagen, harness; fine store trade; living
roomf; a barraln. LANE & CO.. 565 Market.
11. GRIFFIN. 713 Market; rm. 1, nr. Call bldp.
Variety store; »->ars $M>; man cr woman.J62s
' .i-.-r etantl and laundry offlce: old stand 12.1
Stationery and notions; nice for lady 3M
Delicacy store; central: good business.... 2W>
Dairy kitchen: good; <Ji£ly eales $15 „. 200
Grocery and delicacy store; Investigate... 47".
Uranch bakery and delicacy; clears $100.. 4*&
SK*>— CHOP and oyster houFe; great gaciince oa
aoc-ount if sickness. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
T77 ! 4 Market st.
j?ftO— PARTNER In crwnvtic parlors: lady or
C<»ct: fIOO j>er mo Kredo & Lnitton. 36 Geary.
jr.ft-HAIRDRn?PING parlors: 4 elegantly fur-
nlshed roo:r.s. KKEDO & DUTTON. 26 Geary.
A— n7s; BRANCH bakery and delicacy store; 3
llvinir room?, with water; rent $12. 428 Sixth.
f©iO— SALOON; centrally located: present owner
t years; good rtock of fixtures; business
rr^akj tor itself. Apply 79 Third Et.
EHOEiIAKEKS; store and repair*; thriving
country t')wr.;"no capital required. Apply or
address Yosemlte House, Market St., room 38.
SAI/JON and flat, 6 rooms; opposite railroad
depot; cheap rent; selling on account of sick-
vt:'. ct a bargain. Apply 721 Davis st.
J-'OR sale— Well-st^.ed and good-located *a-
Joon: coed business. Cl 7 Seventh st.
CANDY store for eale; grocd stock and fixtures;
low rent; in agents. 13S Hayes Ft.
GROCERY "nd bar with 4 living rooms for
K.le; furniture If desired. Apply at 230 Min-
na tt.
FOR sale — Fruit and oyster stand. 157« Market
St.; cheap if sold at once.
HALF buElnesd bcrsesboeisg shop for sale. 123
Davis at-
mcsixEss cnixcKS — continued.
A-£ooo*7rnTTr.'T^
PARTNER WANTED
Handsomely fitted bakery and lunch parlor:
must have partner; too much business for
proprietor to handle alone: best possible lo-
cation across the bay; near railroad depot;
all flrnt-class custom; positive guarantee from
owner that business clears $400 a mo.: books
open for Inspection: investigation solicited.
STENBERG CO.. 935 Market gt.
A— s43o; RESTAURANT; best block on lead-
ing street; doing good business; meals 20c
and upward; estab. years: fine for man and
¦wife STENBERG CO.. 935 Market St.
A— s2oo; 9-ROOM lodglng-'house In center of
city; north of Market: owner leaving State;
must sell. STENBERG CO.. 935 Market st.
FOR sale— ln the live mining town of Sonora.
CDunty seat, ice cream and candy factor}',
•with restaurant attached; finest place and
docs best business in country, making good
money: no opposition; splendid opportunity
for man and wife; investigation solicited:
owner wishes to sell at once on account of ,
sickness. STENBERG & CO., 935 Market et.,
or P. O. box 512. Sonora, Tuolumne Co.
WAREHOUSE business for pale. Including fully
equipped plant for grinding and cleaning
grain; engine, boiler, mill, cleaner, etc.; lo- .
cated on R. R. central, Alameda Co. : no
competition; business of last season clearing
owner $1700 to S1S00: buildings and machinery
all In Al condition; price for all. Including
large lot, $3000; a great bargain and will bear
closest investigation to parties meaning busi-
ness. 11. H. CRANE. 508 California st.
BANKRUPT rale— Stock of pickles in glass and
bulk, catsups, sauces, etc. : labels, brands,
packing outfit and good will of California
I'ackin.T Company. For particulars inquire
at Board of Trade. 202 Market at.
LEADING hotel in Monterey: 35 rooms, parlor,
dining-room, kitchen, bar; completely furn.;
•w-111 rent, cell or exchange. For particulars
write JOHNSON & CARU. Monterey, Cal.
WANTED— Party with $15,000 to buy hi Inter-
est In established manufacturins business;
will net $1000 per month profit; Immediate ac-
tlon required. Box 1810. Call.
FOR Mle— A etrlctly pood busWss; restaurant;
100 chairs find feeding 100 people; bakery us-
lnfr 2 barrels flour dally: horse and wagon;
lodgins-house. 34 rooms, newly furnished:
flneft opportunity to moke money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant, Bakers-
field. Cal.
GOOD-PAYING candy store." ice cream parlor;
established 16 years; principal street; easily
clearing JlOO a month; finest chance In the
world for widow or two parties; full Investi-
gation or trial allowed. See owner, 22 Sixth.
WISHING to retire I will Fell by blacksmllSa
shop and tools at Blacks Station, Tolo Coun-
ty; It Is a eood paying business and good lo-
cation. Inquire at Blacks Station. WIL-
LIAM SANDROCK. proprietor.
XICE family liquor store, with bar. at invoice
value: must be sold at once. Apply 112 Taylor
ft. Saloon, doing good business, in wholesale
district; price reasonable. Apply '01 Market.
$3000 WILL buy a flrst-clasa steam laundry
doing a fine business; trial given to any party
wi6hes to buy. Address G. ST. CLAIR, Santa
Rosa. Cal.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.: fine
location; place is entirely covered; contains 3
Ftall*: rent only $15: water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKPON* & CO., 614 Call bldg.
DON'T miss the tripods and lamps at the
DACKTJS BTUDIO. 11 Geary; other bargains.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
I.OfJGIXC-HOl'SnS FOR SALE.
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market, room 1, nr Call b'.dg.
Many houses for sale. Tel. Black 1803.
$iyjo— 26 rooms; nice corner: transient.
$1400—26 rooms; ben ton: permanent: income
$260. Several pood small house* choap.
CARRIAGES AXD WACO! S.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for sals
cheap. Call -it 132 Mission st.
XEK & Id-hand wapons. buggies, carts & har-
nfM. work & driving horscg. IV.h ¦» Valencia.
CAPE SOME.
Al STEAMERS for Cape Nome; sailings July
5 and 10; fare $00. C. F. MOORE. 935 Market
ft., room 6.
CAKPET BEATING AXD CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Teharr.a fet.; tel. 8. 4J.
SANITARY Carpft Cleaning And Dyeing Co..
J42-544 McAllister Ft.; phone South 146.
J li MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatinK Co., 240 14th ft.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Renting: Works. G. H.
BTEVENg. mgr.. Sfr-40 Sth st. : tel. South 150.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4:3 Stsvenson et., tel. South ?2S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; teL Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter 6t.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONXLIN'S Carret-Refttlnsr Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. : telephone East 126.
fcPIUIITALXSM.
GO to Watson, spiritual medium and "palmist:
•Mucky and truest" readines. 25c up. I£Sl
Market at., n'-ar Twelfth^
MRS. ETIQUE, 1204 Fillmorc st., circles this
I eve. and Tuesday, 10c; readings dally. Me.
i AT Friendship Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. Mey-
I er: convincing test to-night 10c; sittings dally.
! WYLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis. 10 a. m. to 5 p. tn.. Sundays included.
MM DL'XHAM. medium; readings dally; clr.
Tues., Fri., 2, Bp. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
MRS. KOTTER, spiritual medium; fittings; O.
$1. L. 50e: clr. Mo.. Wed.. Fn., 10c. 34 Sixth.
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
1 medium, life reader: Bitting. $L 1104 Market.
1.1 1 ¦ ¦
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. VR. CLARK. the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 2C5 Turk St..
may be consulted on all alTalrs of life; she i
¦will chow you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles; restore lost affec-
tions; unite the serrated; eatisfaction ruar- j
tpeclal terms. MUS.DR. CLARK, 205 Turk
• et.. r^ar Jones.
MME LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future: n»vcr falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: eliows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market et., bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c.
Eents $1; palm. & clalr.; sit. $1 60. 126 Turk st.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 2Sc & tOc. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh Bt.. original gypsy
life rrader; readings. 25c; no sign.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. S Fourth st.
IIME. EYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture; &c; ladle?. 314 O'Farrell ft.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
GEORGE W r . KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
l^ss Fuccessful. r.oom 310. 527 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LIST.
3 SUNNY rooms, nice garden, cheap to (small
family. ]270 Foisom st.. near Ninth.
PEItRY. 33 — Cottage 7 rooms; large sunny
yanJ; nun all day; rent $16.
DEXTISTS. '
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC^ SO9 Mar-
ket et., -cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldgr., you can
have jour extractions done painlessly; teetli
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
(3 M up; plates, extractions free. $4 CO up; of-
flce hours. » a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. "WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charre for extracting when plates are
made: oM plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. COc; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor.. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4: crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., on
vacation from June 13 until July 1.
VAN VHOOM-- "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market «t., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1?41 Polk rl.
. DOG HOSPITALS.
i DR. CREELY'S C. .P. dog soap creates a
emooth. silky coat; for sale by all druggists
,or at the hospital. 510 Golden, Gate aye. ' >.
! DR. BUZARD'6 /«og Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
I Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: does boarded. Tel. WWestW r est 63G.
I URKSSMA KERS AXD SEA3I STRESSES
PARISIAN drecsmaking. 3*j7 Geary St.; dresses
r&ade, $5 up; dresses mad« over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladies' tailoring; cv. class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT. 130 Sutter St., dressmaking
school: any pattern cut to measure.
8. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over U'Connor&iloffatt.
EDUCATIO.VAL.' __^
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
AYRES 1 . the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket Kt. ; life scholarship, $50; Includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin st.|
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date: all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.: est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SCHOOL OF ACTlNG— Lyceum Theater, 310
O'Farrell; positions grntd: to finished pupils.
LAW schoolß. 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland ; day and night ; correspondence.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st..
S. F. ; founded 1563: SO-page catalogue free.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and gentlemen. O.,Slnz. 36 Geary, r. 34.
GALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand; bookkeeping. Parrott big.; cat' log.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School: modeling,
designing, carving: all branches. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping:, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo: 1C24 Mission, nr. 6th.
Uili'l.OVMK.N'l' Oi/KICKS.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment - con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years: all. kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Clay SO.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black D 072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn.: tel. John 212 L BP6'4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 411V4 O'Farrell st. : tel. • East 425.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — PEMALS.
AN elderly woman wants a place; light house-
work or nurse sick; references. Apply at or
address 845 Fillmore Bt.. corner of Fulton; no
postals answered.
AMERICAN woman, neat good worker, wishes
place in small family; references: city or
across the bay. Address MRS. ROBERTS,
1070 Market st.
RELIABLE woman, good cook, wishes down
etalrs work or general housework for small
family: no postcls. 115 Lexington aye., near
Eighteenth st.
YOUNG colored girl wishes a situation to take
care of a child during the day; waees $10.
L. 8.. 10S Valparaiso Et.
A RELIABLE woman, good cook, would assist
with vashlng; city or country; references. Call
60S Jones st., near Geary.
COMPETENT girl for general housework; good
plain cook; waxes, $20. 2C3 Ash aye.
A GIRL wishes a position to do plain house-
work. 1113 Fifth ave./ South San Francisco.
WOMAN wishes plain washing to do at home;
would take It every day if required.* Address
«21 Jessie St.. of! Seventh, rear,
YOUNG lady wishes position aa stenographer
and typewriter; best references. Box 672, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient, and respectable; free bus
and. baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla et. '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALfi!
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, desires work
In private family; thorough experience: strict-
ly sober: uses no tobacco; not afraid of work;
undeniable ref. Addreg3 R., 869 Mission st.
AN experienced reliable driver wishes posi-
tion with business house as driver or porter.'
Address J. R.. boat 698. Call.
GOOD bookkeeper Rnd accountant, young mar-
ried man, well acquainted with the wholesale
trade of this city, competsnt and reliable, de-
sires a position; best of references: Box IS 11.
Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man with wife and two chil-
dren. aged 12 and 14 years, wishes place on
ranch; experienced. Address S. E.. 1824 .Vir-
ginia at.. Berkeley. Cal.
RELIABLE, temperate, experienced man of S3
wants employment in store, offlce or cigar
stand; day work; wages not particular ob-
Ject. Box 1806. Call.
GEIZMaYc mechanic, brushmaker. want* posi-
tion of work by the day for house or offlce
cleaning; handy in carpenter work and var-
nlshlnz: own tools. Box 1523, Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions l.as been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071"^ Market (near 7th)— Examinations free;
German eye water by mail. 50c; see City Di-
rectory. . Phone Mint J57.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
su«ted. N. Manasse. oculist optlcinn. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 3 UPPER sunny modern fiats, 5 and 6 rms.,
bath each. SC7, 873, 975 Golden Gats aye.
A*-8-ROOM flat: corner : sunny; ; bay windows;
all modern imptovem'ts; Ist floor. 417V4 Third.
CALIFORNIA, .J4IOH. near Hyde— Handsome
lovror flat 6 rooms; rent $18.
CORNER flat of C sunny rooms and bath;
above quiet grocery; rent $15. 110 San Jose
avenue.
CORNER; upper flats, 7 rooms and bath, $12;
5 tooms and bath. $10. 4439 Seventeenth st.
FLAT; 1008 Valencia St.. near Twenty-flrst—
5 rooms and bath; newly papered.
FLAT; 6 rooms, porcelain bath: 21st and Valen-
cia sts.: good location for denttat or doctor.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; statlonarv wash-
tubs; $12. 819 Jeesie st.
FLAT. $13; also sunny 4-room cottage, $10; key
at C 22 St-cond et., r.nar Mall Dock.
FRENCH flat; 7 rooms, porcelain bath; tank
closet, wash trays. Twenty-third and Guer-
rero sts. ,-^
FITLTON. g25 — Flat of 3 rooms; rent $3.
IF you want to move pet printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.IO Montgomery.
MISSION, 1515, nr. 11th— £ sunny rooms, bath,
laundry, yard; clean; rent $18.
SACRAMENTO, 1361— Bay-window flat of 3
rooms; rent $12 CO.
EUNNY upper flat; 8 rooms; bath; all sunny;
rent $?.*»¦ Cor. Broadway and Larkln st.
S.W. COR., Just completed, upper flat Of 7
rooms; all eunny and up-to-date in every
particular, $35. ICI7 Page st.
$B— UPPER flat: 3 sunny rooms. 242 Harriet st.
near Sixth, bet. Harrison and Bryant.
$12-5 ROOMS and bath. 171SA Leavenworth
Etreet. ' ,
FTJItMTl'Itl* KOIt SALE.
SEVEN nicely furnished rooms with bath; 4
rooms rented steady; low rent; good loca-
tion. Please inquire at 14168 Howard st..
near Tenth.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
I'L'n.*VlTCll_ U'AXTBB.
ALFREDTWOLLPERT, .773 Mission at., pays
hiphest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. K. CODY (late with J. T. T«yry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WASTED-I'EMALE.
C. R. HANREN & C0... ...... ..Ph0ne Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, $30; 7 waitresses. $25, for first-
class country hotels; 10 waitresses, $20, coun-
try; 4 waitresses, springs, $20; 2 waitresses,
Santa Cruz, 120; 4 waitresses, firet-clasg city
hotels, $C 0; restaurant waitresses, $7; lunch
•waitress, 3 hours' work, $4 week; 2 chamber-
mald?, to wait. $20; 2 chambermaids, $18 and
$17 60; 2 chambermaids, country hotels, $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 friends, 2 sisters or mother and daughter
to country, northern part of State on ranches,
room together. $25 each and^free transporta-
tion (see party here); woman or girl for
houework. Grass Valley, $20, $25, fare paid;
woman with a child, country, $30 and fare;
nurte girl and to do light housework, good
homo, etc. C R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
Btatc experience, salary and references. Ad-
dress C. H.. box 1524. Call offlce. .
WANTED — Girl for cooking and gen-ral house-
work; small family; $20; references. 1054 Post
6t., from 2 to 3 p. m. . ' ¦ ¦
WANTED— Good waitress In email restaurant;
wages $20 per month and room, at ISOS Haight
St.. Star Restaurant. '
RELIABLE woman or girl to -assist with chil-
dren and housework; good home; Email
waren. ISCC Geary St.
APPRENTICE for hair work at O. LEDER-
EIVS, 323 Stockton St.- ¦ ¦
COOK and dining room girl; call after 9 o'clock
€84 Gzary st. .
WOMAN wanted as general ironer: wages 130,
found. Apply . Stanford Laundry, Palo Alto.
GOOD hands on vests; $4; to $10; experienced
apprentice pd while learning. 641*^ Stevenson.
WANTED— GirI for housework; , small ¦ family.
1111 Jones St., lower flat. .
GIRL for housework snd cooking, $16 a,-nonth;
2 in help. 117 Van Ness aye. . -
' HELP WANTED-FEMALE.
WANTED— 2 waitresses, same. place.- country
hotel, $25; waitress and chambermaid, coun-
try resort, $25; 6 other waitresses, city and
country, $20 and $25: waitress, springs, $25:
German or Scandinavian chambermaid, pri-
vate family, J25; German or Scandinavian girl
to clean paint, . wash windows, etc., for an
Institution, $25: second girl, country, $25; i
cooks, family hotels, $30, $35 and $40; 6 Iron-
era for laundries. $30 and $35; cook, plain
wash, short distance, $30; nurse for institu-
tion, Protestant, $40, and a large number of
girls for general housework in city and coun-
try at $20. $25 and $30. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT, 3]6 Sutter st. . ; -
COMPETENT houseworker wanted at play-
groundß. Park; must be good cake baker; $30.
GIRL to wash napkins. 612 Kearny st.
WANTED— Good first-class waitress at 304
Mason st. ; wages $6 a weelj.
WOMAN' for working housekeeper; ranch; in
Humboldt Co. Call 706 Ellis st.
OPERATORS wanted on custom coats. 40
EUls st.. room 54.
WAITRESS; good home. Apply 443 Third st.
WOMAN would like to put a child in German
family; age 3 years. 1912 Mission st.
LIGHT housekeeping; easy place; small wages.
Address or call after 4 p. m. at 710 Lombard.
YOUNG girl of 15 to 16 years of age to assist
In light housework. 003 Stelner St., corner
Fulton. '
WANTED — Girls and young women for light
work in laundry. Apply Monday morning at
1519 Eddy st. - . ¦
WANTED— GirIs and young women for llgnt
work In laundry. Apply this morning at 1519
Eddy st.
YOUNG girl wanted: assist with larse chil-
dren. 1562 Post St., near Octavia.
A GIRL to assist In general housework. S2B
Turk st. :
GIRL wanted for light housework; good
home. 623 Halght st. : -r ¦«-
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 32% Fremont' St.;
no exeprlence necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove sts.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
stats experience, salary and references. Ad-
dress C. H.. box 1524, Call offlce.
WANTED — A lady, free from home cares, for
& permanent position as traveler. Address
box 1526. Call olliee.
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on
gents' white shirts. S3S Valencia gt. ¦
WANTED— Waitress. Hotel Repelier, 781 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St., bet. 13th and 14th sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements- and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Et.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED
Man to look after centrifugal pumps and do
Irrigation work; ccc boss here •> a. m.
Frea fare
Circular eawyer : $80
Edger J6O
5 laborers around yard and mill $30
2 farmers, near city $1 CO day
Teamster, 4 horses $30
Man about place ?.$2O
Ironer. country ...$3O
Porter, city $25
Janitor $45
6* men for flume work $40 and board j
6 laborers, came place..... $30
Milker and chores $30
Blacksmith helper $35
6 men to hoe weeds $1 15 day
4 teamsters, ranch $1 25 day
Farmer, vineyard $30
Dishwasher, springs $25
Dishwasher, resort $15
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 C^ary st
200 laborers, coast road. S. P. Co. » own
work T2 a day
Ship dally fe© $1 free fare
200 teamsters, coast road $2 a day
Ship dally fee $1... free fare
2CO railroad men. Salt Lake dlv..sl 75 a day
Ship daily. fee $1.-. free fare
CO woodsmen. J35 to $45 and found, see boss
here; 10 tunnel men, $2 25 to $2 60 a day; 10
teamsters, near city, ?1 a day and board;
10 farmers, $123 a day and board, fare EOc;
6 blacksmiths, $2 25, $2 60 and $3 a day:
horseshoer, $2 CO; woodworker, $3: ranch
wheelwright, $35; butter-maker, $50 and
found; 4 miners and machine men, $2 SO to
$3 a day; man about place, $25.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, ISO; second cook, $60; third cook,
$50; country hotel, free fare, eocond cook, $60;
broiler, $50. rame country hotef; meat cook,
country hotel. ?50, fare advanced; cook and
wife, waitress, country hotel, $70 and fare ad-
vanced; bread and cake baker, country, $C 0;
railroad camp cook, $60; 25 dishwashers $25-
kitchen hands, $20, $25 and $30
Wnffleman, nrst-clase country hotel, $40 and
found free fare
Cook and wife, country sawmill, $CO, ccc
party here
6 watter*. country hotel. $30; 4 waiters $25;
10 restaurant waiters, $30, $35 and $40
Elevator boy, hotel, city, $20; bell boy, coun-
tiy hotel, $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
3 MEX and wives for ranches and private fam-
ilies; 2 car men for mine, $2 25 day; 8 labor-
ers for mine, $2 day; 3 miners, $40 and board
and $3 day; laborers for mill and woods,
brick yards and railroad work at good wages;
2 fruit farmers. $30: milker and choreman for
resort, $25; blacksmiths, carpenters, cabinet-
makers, teamsters for city and country, and
many others. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 623
Sacramento st.
COLORED kitchen boy. $25; waiter, country ho-
I tel, $30, fare advanced; waiter for springs,
$25; waiter for country restaurant, $30; wait-
ers, city. $30 and $35; 3 ranch cooks, $30 and
' $33; > porter and barkeeper, $20 and found:
bakers, bakers' helpers, boy to learn baker's
trade and others. J. F. CROSETT Agency,
62S Sacramento st.
BARBERS' Progressive 'Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 162.
MAN to do general work In private family In
Berkeley washing dishes, windows, etc.; $15
and found. Call at 627 Emma Spreckela build-
ing, Saturday, at 3 o'clock. S
WANTED— Strong young man residing with
parents to work In wholesale fruit house;
early hours; wages $3 week. Box 1833. Call.
BOY 14 or up to shine shoes and do Janitor
work in barber shop; steady Job; board and
room. 104S McAllister at.
A NO. 1 first class barber wanted immediately;
$14 pr>r week guaranteed. Address H. L.,
postofflce box 6J37. Sacramento.
TWO first-class barbers to gro to Uklah: no
Sunday work; steady Job; good wages. Ap-
ply 104 . Seventh st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday; wages $3.
1421^ Eighth st.
GOOD barber wanted Saturday and Sunday.
EO4 Montgomery aye.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 629
Union st.. near Powell.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; wages.
105 Fourth Bt.'
GOOD steady barber wanted at 323 Devisadero
street. , '
WANTED — A barber for Saturday; wages $3.
1357 Dupont st., near Green. ,
WANTED— A barber for Saturday . and Sun-
day; wages. 2185 Powell st.
BARBER for Saturday; call 8 a. m. ; also will
rent shop to responsible man. 229 Second st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday for
• wages, at 538 Valencia st.
BATtßnn wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
1772 Seventh st., West Oakland. v
BARBERS— ISc shop: a bargain: must sell;
sickness. GUS PETERS. 44 East Santa Clara
Bt., San Jose, Cal.
BARBERS— A 2-chair shop for eale. Apply on
premises, : 14 Turk st.
2-CII AIR barber shop for sale cheap; good lo-
cation; veil to go East. Inquire at 403 Pacific
WANTED— Boy to feed Gordon press; give ref-
erence and experience. Box 1534, Call.
WANTED — Experienced elevator boy at 29
Stockton st. . =
WANTED— Bootblack. Barber shop, 137 Tay-
lor st., near Eddy. v
DISHWASHER wanted at 416 Third st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop, and to clean
baths. Select Baths, 120 Geary, st.
WANTED — Carriage painter 'at ' BENSON'S,
corner. Twenty-third and Bartlett sts. •
OPERATORS wanted on custom coats. Room
54,. 40 EUls st. ¦¦¦¦•.-.;
WANTED— First class grocery clerk; refer-
ence. Call between 9 and 11; 601 Larkln st.
GOOD dishwasher." 315 Grant aye.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 1333 Market St.. corner
Tenth. ; =. r . .
WANTED— A man to help in kitchen.' Call 713
Valencia Bt. . ¦ *¦ .
WAITER wanted at' 613 Clay st. :
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 25c to
COc. E62 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d »_.>, , v*
HELP WAXTEP—BIALE.
A— MURRAY & READYT. . . . . . .Phone Main SS4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
............WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
723S men for different positions in Washing-
ton. Oregon. Nevada, Utah, Arizona and all
parts of California; good wages. '
500 men for railroad work, reconstruction and
new work on following divisions ••-
DUXSMUIR SHASTA TRUCKEE
. State of Nevada ...Salt Lake
Sacramento Western and-
all coast divisions of Cal...... Santa Barbara
Los" Angeles We ship you on
all above divisions, free fare; office fee $1; no
other expenses
........AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE
to 35 ' sawmills, etc
No experience wanted ~
£63 men for different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $20 to $40 per
month and f0und......
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers, $4!I and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen. In
fact, we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc., $SO. $73, $30, $120. $60,
$JO, $40, $30 and found: 584 woodchoppers, tie-
makers, tools and food found; tome at mines,
$3. J2 50, J2. $150, $1 and 75c cord; shingle
• Joiner, shingle packer: 25 laborers for a saw- .
mill, fare paid, $40 and. found i
00 laborers, handy with hatchet, to build
Hume $30, $30, $40 and found
..HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CREWS..
Header wagon driver, $2 a day and found: 252
men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work In
fields, header men, etc., $1 25, $1 50, $2 day
and found; come and see
STABLES. VINEYARDS AND ORCHARDS
". GARDENS ¦
IS stablemen, city and country jobs. $40, $35,
$30, $25 and found; buggy washer, $50
129 vineyard and orchard hands. $35, $30. $20
and found: S gardeners. 1 stableman, all for
.private families, $30, $?!>, $20 and found; come
39 milkers for different places, $35, $30 and
found; a butter makers and run separators,
bops here, $35 and found; 5 cheese makers,
different jobs, $:;; and $40 end found; stable-
man, privete place, 525 and found :
MEN AND BOYS TO CUT FRUIT
•. BERRY PICKERS
EO boys and men to cut fruit, no experience
required, piecework, can make good wages
4 machine miners $00
MECHANICAL HELP ....
Engineer for ranch, $60 and fd. ; harness-
maker, $2 EO day and fd. and fare paid; black-
smith helper for a mine, $G0; fireman, mines.
$52 50; spool tender, sawmill company, $2 50
day
Cooper to make butter kess IS blacksmiths
and horseshoers, $2 60, $60, $70. $43 and $30
and found
50 laborers, S. P. It. R $2 day, free fare
SPECIAL NOTICE— MINES-BIG WAGES.
35 laborers for mines, no experience required,
you'll suit, $40 to $48 per month and loundr
29 miners, single hand $S0 and $75
Crowds going to gold mines
For a new mine
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 50, $34 and
found: 6 men and, wives for ranches, $40, $35,
$30 and found *
Read these carefully
.'£s laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco, :3,
$2 60, $2, $1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
home; 2 strong laboring men, factory, $2 25
day.... .... .............-.............--....«•••••--•
12 single-handed mine's, fare $2 50, $C 0 and
found; coal miners, hard-rock men, drillers,
rock men. hammer men, $2 25 day
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay st.
A— LAUNDRY.... CANDY-MAKER ....COOKS
Candy-maker, country M 0 ¦
Camp waiters, |25 and $20: second baker, $10
and found; 13 cooks, $35, $10, $45 and $50 and
found I
Butchers $35 and $30 and found I
Cookr. for ranches, hay press — $30 and found
First and second bakers, $".0 and $35, fare
paid; bakers and helpers. ?30 and $40 and
found; boy for bakery. $20 and found; cook
und wife. $50 and found; waiters, bakery,
cafes, hotels, resorts, $30, $33 and $40 and
found.
MURRAY & READY; 634-636 Clay st.
TELEPHONE and TELEGRAPH ORDERS—
Man and wife for an Institution, $40 and
found; coreraaker, manufacturing company,
$3 day
All-round butcher $35 to $40 and found
Young man, run rip saw $9 week
Manglers for laundry
Cook and wife or two men for a lumber com-
pany, sea boss here.. 9 coopers, slack work;
3 pantrymen 3 men for private families;
IS laundrymen and a boy to learn same trade.
Cooks for mines $50 and $60
Carriage woodworker $2 60 "day
3 brick molders. see boss here
Eheepheniers, fare $1 50, / call early..
."FACTORIES IN SAN FRANCISCO
12 laborers for different city factories, $1 75
day; exceptional grood lobs You board home
MURRAY & READY, 631-636 Clay st.
A-MIDNIGHT TELEGRAMS TELE-
PHONES AND LETTERS
Cook for a mine $30 and found
2 waiters. mines. $30 and found; lunch
counter man, $35 and found
Cook and wife, sawmill company.. sCo and fd
3 assistant bookkeepers, typewriters and
Ftenographers for vineyards, sawmills, etc.
3 hotel porters, hotels and resorts, $23. $25
and found v
Cabinet makers, 3 f2 75 day; brick molders;
8 markers for a laundry
Third cok for a mine, call early.. s3s and fd
Man to assist baker for a mine J3O and fd
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— COME DOWN and get our list, containing
7226 different Jobs. MURRAY & READY.
SUPERINTENDENT for large orchard and
vineyard, north: California references and
experience: good wnges. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay gt.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally- declared their Inten-
tions to becom* citizens; able to read, writs
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marina Recruiting
Oflice, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal., or
530 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — All white laborers to Join the Com-
mon Laborers' Union for Economy. Address
by ISADOR FRANK. Sunday. July 1, 2 p. m.,
509 Market st.; admission free.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; "5c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
HELPER on bread; one that can mold; $8 per
week: no Sunday work. Apply St. Lawrence
Bakery, 1058 Market St., Oakland.
WANTED— AbIe man to work on a chicken
ranch. Apply at cor 15th and Arkansas sts.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wages while learning;; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College, 741 A Howard st.
GOOD strong boy to learn carpentering. Call
¦__ C 29 California st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— 2 and 4 horse teamsters: apply
early Monday at D 27 14th St., near Guerrero.
San Francisco Construction Company. .
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 28 Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the feny.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch oflice. 2200 Flllmore »t.
HORSKN, LIVE: STOCK. Etc — For Sale
FINE team of well-matched black horses, 6 and
7 years old; gentle for a lady to drive; 15V4
.hands high; can road along in 2:40; also a
latest style rubber tire buggy, almost new.
with pole and shafts; this rig can be seen
at the Stanford Stables, 3CB-310 Golden Gate.
A CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving
horses. Just arrived, weighing from 1000 to
1500 pounds; the horses can be seen now. at
the Stanford Stables, 208-310 Oolden Gate aye.
40 HORSES for pale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTY* S, 2170 Market St.: Castro-
et. cars rass the door. ¦
HORSES — Young, well broken, for all purposes,
cheap; best in city. 721 Howard st., nr. Third.
FOR sole — 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
SCIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate aye.
, " HOUSES TO . LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$20— SUNNY modern house. 7 rooms and bath;
newly renovated. 720 Broderick. nr. McAllister,
$14 — A SUNNY home; .water free; sarden. '641
Dolores st.. near Twentieth. '
HOUSES TO LET— fUR.MSHEU.
SACRAMENTO., 2C73— Nicely furnished modern
: house of 7 room*. W. B. HUFF <fc CO.
'¦ SUBURBAN RESIDENCES.
PETALUMA cottage of 4 rooms; rent $5 a
month. Apply 1125 Webster St.. San Fran.
LOST AXD POU.VD.
LOST — Male fox terrier, brown and tan spotted-
license 379 en collar. Send word or return for
reward to Wunder Brewery, Lombard and
Scott : Bt9. :¦ phene .West C3l.
FOUND— Greyhound; owner can have same by
proving property. - 961' Foisom • st- .
LOST— Feather boa on Nineteenth ave.,between
- Point' Lobos and ; Clement, June 24. Return
1 : 417 , Nineteenth aye. ; reward.
LOST AND FOUND.
A LIBERAL reward will be paid for return to
2701 California st. of old-fashioned gold watch
lost June 20th. either at Market and Powell
sts. or on Devlsadero-at. line; watca has
numbers on the dial.
LOST— Bundle of letters, of no value except to
owner. MRS. CAVENDISH. 914 Jackson st.
MEDICAL.
DR. ~G. W^^DONNELLTTne world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
Uced-ln S. -F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be_ « sed *J
home; consultation free. Aft«r all others fall
call on him. IC23H Market- et. ; •
DR3. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' 'P***'*" B *;
has returned from Europe; safe and reliable
cure $5: have treated thousands of cases w.tn
success: 15 years' practice in S. F.: maternity
home; low fees. 1007*4 Market St.. near 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
practice: home in confinement: treatment at
offlce. 15; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fldentlal. 942 Post at., bet. Hyde and LarV.ln.
MRS DR. GUYER. 445 Eddy St., well known
and reliable: ladies* specialist: cor.suH free.
home In confinement; hours S to 5 and t to s.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1C35 • Market-Ladles* spe-
cialist: home in confinement; safe and reii-
able; consultation free; hours 10 to s.
DR. and MR?. DA VIES. 122S Market; ladles'
phulclan: chronic diseases treated; late sci-
entnlc methods; treatment, ?5.
DR. NG TOT KEE. late of Canton. China: dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sanl-
tarlum.7o4 Sacramento.cor.K?arny;advtce free.
Dr. James Pierce. 163 O'Farrell. room* 2 and 3—
Female specialist; home or offlcg treatment n.
V S— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles* specialists.
111S Market st.; every case guaranteed; fa up.
NICE reliable home for confinement :reason-
able. 2012 Foisom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
easfs of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. ?Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters." linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures- new and second hand; we always
have a lame stock of saloon outfits on hand;
. S3 complete outfits on our floor, ready made,
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. >.OO-
NAN 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth'; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St. -
Ar-$* 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Fine.
NO. 1 American flag for sale: can be bought
. for half its value: owner has no use for it:
size 10x15; Inquire 603 Eddy st. after 7 p. tn.
J. J. SUTHERLAND.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies: selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
FOR sale— Schoorier about twelve ton«: 4 years
eld; cheap. J. HIATT. 783 Mission St.
BEAUTIFUL diamond sunburst for sale. Ad-
dress box IS2S. Call office.
ANOTHER No. 6 Remington and New Under-
wood typewriter; bargain. L. & M. AI_A-
ANDER. 110 Montgomery st.
6HP. gasoline marine engine complete: almost
nlw; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516-51S-520 Mission.
LADY'S hat trunk for traveling. $12 50. Port-
land Loan Office." 2S Stockton st.
EDISON concert phonograph — Reduced Pr) c *.
$75; concert records. $1 50. Baclgalypl. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: iron and wood
planers: lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar oroof safe; cheap. 4J Main st.
A FINE suit, $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $2 SO.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictu res. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post »t.
A NEW standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
A 10-TON Fairbanks sca'e and flra and burg-
lar proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFE? — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; a!l sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market st.. San Fran.
ONE 4-eided sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
S MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
£0 TO 500 eld ducks. 100 Museovle ducks. 100 old
roosters : give price In San Francisco. 13
Walter st.
NEW or second hand plate glass at least 64x?i
Box ISS6. Call office.
WANTED— A light spring wagon; must be
chear. SUSS. 1043 Howard st.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
ensh. H. L> WHITEHEAD. 710 Market St.
aiOM'EY TO LOAX.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first. I
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chtt'-tl
mortgages; life insurance. Room 16. first
floor. Chronicle big.. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place 10 obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at lnvr-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 848 Market
St.; tel. Main ISI4. Branch 19 Thirtt st.
LOANS made on furniture at 1H per cent; also
loans to salaried people. HARSHBAKCiER.
322 Ellis St.. room 34.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davla 99j.
ON furniture and piano 3 without removal: quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
63 and 69, Donohoe building.* 1170 Market st.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 2fi Montgomery.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
plan6s; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones et.. corner Eddy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif.
ANY sum. Ist or 2nd mortsa gres. estates In pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. 603. Examiner building.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market st. solves all kinds of j
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security; all bus!- !
ness Tousley Co.. Xl Parrot big. 1
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without f
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal • no i
commission; private. LICK. lIS McAllister.
TO salaried men wlthou\ collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Dls-epunt Agency. 143 Phelan building. •
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
THE best thing of the "seasorT~lT^~new Btyl»
Olympla Music Box, with double comb, for
$10; the tone Is as fine as any box ought to be i
at double the price. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 1
7C9 Market st. I
UNTIL July 1 'you will get more than the valu*. '
of your money If you buy a piano, organ orf
other musical Instruments of the MAUVAI;|
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st. r
IF you want low installments on any musical
Instrument, come to us; If you want to pay 1
Cash, come Just the same. MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 759 Market «t. ¦
AS we represent the best make of nlanos In
every gTade from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase: new upright pianos. $6 cash. $6 per
month: other pianos, $3. $4 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Frandaco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
PIANOS at cost: owing to the dull season now
upon us we ar« accumulating a large stock of
rental pianos; these, together with a number
of namnles ssnt us from factory, will be
closed out rcsardlees of profit; a better op-
portunity has never been offered; terms very
liberal. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Far-
rell st.
ABSOLUTELY* the oldest and largest, houaa
west of Chicago is KOHLER „ CHASE'S
16. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
. all other; musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms e«B>*; prices lowest- every-
thing possibly done to please and catlsfY th»
customer. - . • ¦ . .
A FEW bargains in pianos of standard mik«
still remain from our Closing out sale ran?
Ing from 573 up: must be sold by july 1
SPENCERS. ISIB Market st. ly U
BARGAINS— A few pianos will be sold this
week for storage; offer* wanted (cash or In
stallments). Wilson's Storaga Co.. mo Mrkt"
SELLING out regardless of cost— Entire stock
of -pianos; store to let; fixtures for safe
JAMES KEEFFE. ICI9 Van NesV aveT .
ON furniture, pianos; 2 per cent per month- no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, ra. 101. 6 Eddy Tt!
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
LADY going to the country will sell a beau,
tlful upright piano cheap; $100. Room 10.
Flood bulldlns.
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. SCHMITZ, U
McAllister st.. neit Hibernla Bank.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st_. atrent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet &. Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 11.
MULLKR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Stelnway. 1 Chlckerlnjr. $190; installments
S5 to »0; rent 72 up: HEINE'S. 138 Ellla st.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Cabler, Hamll-
ton pianos. 308 Post st.
FINE Krell upright piano at a great bargain.
STATHAM. 106 McAllister st.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos. 15 payments;
for rent. $2 tip. CRUEXN. 2CS Post- St. r.*..- .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
OFFICES AXD STOItnS TO LET.
STORE; 3 rooms, fixtures: good location for
dressmaker, tailor or milliner. 1043 Guerrero,
nair Twenty-third. ' ri .
FINE store, with 3 living rooms. 38 Grove st..
near Polk.
FREE samples of Developer. Dackus Studio, U
Geary st. Etching Matte and Platinum p»per.
LARGE stores and sunny offices near Hall of
Justice. Court block. BAIUN. 413 Kearny at.
PALMISTUY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 8. CIS Ceary. nr. Jones.
PASTURAGE.
800 TO 000 acres green pasture, clover and wild
tntata mixed, for horses or cattle. For
terms »PPly A. P. FULLER. Ar.tloch.-Cal.
PERSONALS.
LEDERER U the popular hairdresser.
Lederer charges but 23c for the
Lederer fashionable hair styles.
Lederer s«lls El Perfecto Veda Rouge 50c box.
Lederer's Qulntonica hair tonic la 35c bottle.
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo is only 5c package.
Lederer's Hatrdresstr.g Parlors, 123 Stocktcn.
$1 £0 MISSES' kid shoes for 50c a pair at THB
EEE HIVE SHOE CO.. 717 Market, nr. Third.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
BSO Market «t.. second floor, room 37.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. Ray. 357 Jessie st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 7CO rooms;
25c to $1 SO per night; $1 10 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and basgase to and from the ferry.
USE Llllie Webb's olive oil soap; 10c at dni»-
glsts: agents wanted. CADOGAN & Mo-
CIXRE. 421 Market, r. 84; frcm 9 to 10 a. r.i.
AHItfJORN House. 319 to 323 Grant aye.— Lead-
ing German- American hotel of San Francisco;
$1 per day and up: finest meals In city. 25c.
AN elegant suit for $10 73 from Imported cr do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market st..
between Seventh and Eighth.
WILL pay cash for old sealskins. Bex 4313,
Call of»c«.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Sllverman, BSJ Folscm, tel. Foisom 1131.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to it* natural color. $1: at all drujcslsts.
CAST-OFFclothlng. old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'B. 50S K?arny st.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 260« Pacific aye.,
between Pierce and Scott; phone Stelner 3C91.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
United States or Canada one year for U.
postage paid.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
EXCHANGE. Lease or Rent— l6o acres land: «
miles from Callstoga; plenty of wood, water
and grass; 6 acres Improved: house 4 roo-ns
and outhouses; in exchange for city property.
Address J. H. BROWN. 353 23th st. S. F.
FREE samples of Developer. Backus Studio. H
G-ary st. Etchlns Matte and Platinum Par»r.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backus.
studio. 11 Geary st.. ground and top (Jy.n.
HIIYSICIASS AXD SIitGEOSS.
_R C. C. CDONNELL— OffIce and resllsac*
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
nEAL. ESTATE CITY—^KOU. S Vl.i:.
$4COO— BARGAIN and eacriflce; 2 flats: flrst-
class improvements: rents S*l: pays 3 per cent
net; _xS7:B. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mca:-
gomery St.. room 3.
fXi.COO — THE cheapest buy in town; will mar*
than double the value inside of 10 yean; ta
close an estate will be sacrificed now; an ele-
gant Market-st. property, east of Valencia.
23x124 to rear street. Apply R- McCOLOA-N.
24 Montgomery sr_. room 3.
$S7:o— THE best bargain In the city: cost fXUOB:
4 flats. 2 stores; rents $35. PR Stockton and
Greenwich. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24 Mont-
gomery St.. room 3.
$5300— MODERN 9-room house In choice location
on Waller St., near Pierce, 1 block from
Halght-st. cars; finished with marble BUM
frescoed ceilings, 3 wood mantels, hard-ft^-
lehed basement, etc.; terms one-fourth cash,
balance J3O monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
FOR SALE— Cottage 5 rrrma; high basement;
sunny front: patent closet; city water; bar-
tasr. 6S Serpentine place.
MODERN be— es and flats bum at lowest
prices: plans and estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission «;.
A 'WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The "Weekly Ca:i.
18 pafres, tn wrapptr. for mailing. $1 per year.
nEAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Salo
-EIGHTY acres level and partly drained tul*
land near city: fine for speculation; cheap.
Address H. box 1*32. Call offlce.
FOR SALE— Good-paying investment; country
hotel; rented at $50. For particulars apply &£
southwest corner Eddy and Taylor »ta.
ROOMS FOJI UOUSEKEEPI3G.
A — FOUR very desirable sunny corner rooms.
extra large, furnished for housekeeping: gas; '
bath; $16. 3906 Seventeenth »t. ; Castro cars.
EDDY, 604— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms with kitchen; gas stove: coal stove.
EDDY. 917 — Very desirable housekeeping rooms,
furnished; no children; private residence.
EIGHTH. 10S— Sunny front room; kitchen:
range: hot and cold water; sunny porch and
stationary washtubs: $12.
FIFTH. 34S — Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; cheap rent^ > -¦¦»'
VOLKOM. MS— Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping: hot and cold water: range.
FOLSOM, 1137—2 rooms furnished: light house-
keep'.ng; cheap.
FOURTH. ::"r- N'lce housekeeping rooms; also
rl** • » — •- —- ¦-
-_?*
; "~ •'•»r--«i -»m
* * jk^fc
McAL—iss.." fui «S!'sp«r Ptu_BP
house; 3 rooms; bath; gas: no' children. **^
MISSION, 1275—2 front and 1 rear connecting
rooms; furnished > coal stove: running water.
2 FINE sunny front rooms with two beds; gas
and bath. Apply 232 O'Farrell st. «
O'FARIIELL. 589— Unfurnished rooms; lower or
upper floor of house; very reasonable; adults.
O'FARRELL, 712—3 to 4 nicely furnished
housekping rma. : complete: gas, bath; phone.
1 LARGE sunny room, furnished complete for
housekeeping; furniture all r;ew; rent $1 23 per
week. Apply at shoe store, &2 Mission st.,
b<-t. Ist and 2nd ats.
POLK. 122— Large sunny unfurnished taouse-
keeplng rooms; rent cheap.
SOUTH PARK. 1S1 — 1 or 2 sunny front rooms:
nicely furnished for. housekeeping.
STEVEXSON. 642. between Seventh and Eighth
—2 furnished housekeeping rooms- bath- cen-
. tral.
TURK. 531— Housekeeping rooms in suites: gas
rang^. running water, laundry; tl3 SO and £.*>¦
TWELFTH. 12, nr. Market— Be.lroom and kitch-
en furnished for housekeeping; rent »7 to J\
TWELFTH. 122. between Mission and Howanl-
Housekeeplng rooms; gas stove.
TWENTY-THIRD. 37C6. nr. Dolores - Four
rooms; nice, neat, complete: 115.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore aj_.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements »nii
subscriptions 'has Wen established ftt MM v *'
lenda st. -I .QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 28— Stmr Ocean
ic, from Liverpool, for New York: stmr Belgen.
land from Liverpool, for Philadelphia, ¦
GLASGOW— Arrived June 28- ; -Stmr Sardinian,
from New York.
Soiled June 2S— Stmr Gloster Laurentian, . t or
New York. •
HAMBURG— Arrived June 2S— Stmr Palatia,
from New York. \ . : 
- NAPLES— Arrived^- Juno 27— Stmr Victoria,
from Palermo, for New York; stmr Ems, from
New York, and sailed for. Genoa. .
NEW YORK— Sailed ; June 2?— Stmr : Karam
ania./for Leghorn and, Marseilles," etc.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 28— Stmr,-, New
England, from Boston,: via Queenstownr--- rr :
LONDON— Sailed June 2S— Stmr Methaba.for
New -York.- ': SfSsesKSfias '" - - ~ :
OCEAN ! STEAMER:
NANAIMO— SaiIed June 27— Br stmr Robert
Adatnson, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to June 27— Br
stmr Argyle, from Oregon; stmr City of Pe
king, hence May 29; Br stmr Glenogle, from
Taronin. ¦ W9BKPwS^* f VsS e «J
Sailed June 2G— Br stmr Braemer. for Oregon;
Br stmr Empress of India, for Vancouver. "¦
YOKOHAMA—Arrived June 26— Br stmr. Al
eoa. hence June 1. :
Sailed May 26— Russ stmr Kotlk. for Moro
ran- June 2— tJ S stmr, Albatross, for Hako
date. June 4— TI S stmr Yosemite, for Naga
saki. June . B— Br stmr Strathgyle, for Hono
"IIVERPOOL— Sailed June 26— Br ship Lang
dale, for Oreson.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed June 26— Fr bark
Marie, for Dublin. June 27— Br bark Inver
lyon. for Glasgow. - .-'•-¦"'
SYDNEY— PaIIed June 26— Br ship Oweenee,
for San Francisco. v - ~
. COLON— Arrived June lS—Stmr Advance,
from New York.
Failed June 26— Stmr Alllanca. for New York.
liUNGENESS —.Passed June 28 —Br ship
Riverside, from London, > for San Francisco.
FORKIGN PORTS!
stmr Alpha, from Ice pack, and sailed apatn
May 9 for St Michael: May 10. sehr Fischar
Bros, sailed again May 17 for Nome; May 11.
stmr Portland, hence April 30, sailed again May
2S for Nome; May 15, stmr Albion, hence May 1,
sailed May 20 for Nome; May 15, schr Kodiak,
hence April 13. sailed May 24 for Nome; May 15,
echr Abbie F Morris, from Seattle, sailed again
May 24 for Nome; May 15, schr Abble F Morris,
from Seattle, sailed May 22 for Nome; May 17,
6chr Francis Alice, from Seattle, sailed May
22 for Nome: stmr Dora, from Seattle, sailed
May 26 for Nome; gtmr Thrasher, hence April
21, sailed May' lS for Nome; May IS, schr P F
Abler, from Seattle, sailed May 21 for Nome;
schr Carrie and Annie, from tee pack, sailed
May 23 for Nome; May 19, bark Northern Light,
from Seattle, galled May 23 for Nome; sehr Lily
I*, trom Seattle.! called May 22; May 21. schr
Nellie O Thurston. from .ice pack, sailed May
26; May 22, schr Penguin, from Seattle, sailed
May 29; May 23, cchr Bring Gold, from Port
Angeles, sailed June 1; U b stmr Bear, from
Seattle, sailed Ma? 30; stmi"> Robert Dollar,
from Seattle, sailed May 25: schr Louisa D.
hence April 26, sailed May 29: May 24. schr
Mary, hence April 19. sailed May 39; May 2t,
•chr Alcedo, from Seattle, sailed May 31; May
26, 6chr Laurel, from Seattle, sailed May 31;
May 26, stmr Rainier, hence May 13. sailed June
6: stmr Discovery, from Seattle, sailed Jurre
S; Bchr J G Wall, hence April 28, -sailed May 30.
Atrlved May 27— Stmr Fulton, from Seattle,
sailed May 29; stmr Aloha, hence May 13, sailed
June 2; schr San Buenaventura, from Port
Hadlock. sailed June 7: stmr Corwln. from Port
Townsend. sailed May 29: schr Gen Macpherson.
from Seattle, -sailed May 30; tchr Louise J
Kenny, hence April 30, sailed May 31. May 2S—
Stmr South Portland, from Seattle, sailed June
2: stmr Oregon, from Seattle, sailed June 5;
stmr Alliance, from Seattle, sailed June 2; stmr
I'hns Nelson, from Seattle, sailed June 7. May
31— Stmr Zealandia, hence May 21, sailed June
9;-stmr Ohio, trom Seattle, sailed June 11. Juns
I— Stmr Wallowa, from Seattle, sailed June 11.
towing bark Mercury, from Seattle: stmr San
Pedro, hence May 17, sailed June 12 for Nome;
stmr Boanoke, from Seattle, sailed June 13 for
Nome. June 2— Stmr Signal, from Grayu Har
bor, sailed June 3 for Nome. May 30— Stmr
Aberdeen, from Seattlg. sailed June 7 for Nome.
June 2 — Stmr Geo Wl Klder, sailed June 8 for
Nome; stmr Luella, with schr JDewey in tow,
hence May 15. sailed June 5 for Nome. June 4
—Stmr Ellhu Thomson, from Seattle, sailed
June IS for Nome; stmr St Paul, hence May 26,
sailed June 8 for Nome. June S — Stmr Nomo
City, from Astoria, sailed June S for Nome;
stmr San Bias, from Seattle, sailed June 7 for
Nome. June 6— Stmr Lakme, from Seattle,
called June 11 for Nome; bktn Jane A Falkln
burg\ from Seattle, sailed June — for Nome;
stmr Sequoia, hence May 23, sailed June 14 for
Nome; stmr Grace Dollar, hence May 24. sailed
June 7 for Nome; stmr Utopia, from Seattle,
sailed June 12 fpr Nome. June 7— Stmr Bruns
wick,'from Seattle, failed June 14 for Nome;
stmr Santa Ana, sailed June 12 for Nome; stmr
Senator, from Ice pack, sailed Jne 10 for Nome;
stmr Jeanle, from Nome, and sailed June 8 for
Seattle; stmr Valencia, from Seattle, sailed
June 9 for Nome. June B— Stmr Elk No 1, hnc
May 5. sailed June 16 for Nome-; stmr Centen
nlal, from Seattle, sailed June 14 for Nome:
schr Bowhead, sailed June 11 for Nome. June
9— Stmr Morntng Star, hence May 17. sailed
June 9 for Nome; stmr Olympla, from Ice pack,
sailed June 13 for Nome- tug Meteor, hence
May 16. sailed June 13 for Nome. June 10 —
Stmr Humboldt, hence June 2, railed June 16
for Nome: bktn Monitor,* from ice pack, sailed
June 16 tor Nomu; schr Vine, hence May 5,
sailed June 13 for Nome; tvg 1 Richard Holyoke,
with barge Skookum In tow, from Seattle,
palled June 17 for Nome: stmr Discovery, from
Ice pack, tailed June 16 for Nome; schr Ruf,
from "Seattle, sailed June 14 for Nome; stmr
Chas V Lane, from Seattle, sailed June 17 for
Nome; schr Ruby A Cousins, from Seattle.
June 11 — Stmr San Jose, from Seattle, . sailed
June 14 for Nome. June 12— Btmr Noyo, hence
May 30, sailed June 17 for Nflme; schr W F
Jewett, hence May 6, sailed June 16; schr Mar
tha VV Tuft, from Seattla. June 13— Tug Edith,
from Port Townsend, sailed June 17 for Nome;
Btmr Sunol, with barges York an^fcs'ome, hence
May 21 sailed June 17. f0r Nome; stmr Garonne,
from ice pack, sailed June — . June 14— Schr
Lcttltia, hence May 7, sailed June 17 for Nome.
June 15— Schr Altalr. hence May 16,^ June 17—
Ptmr Cleveland, from Nome, sailed June 18 for
Seattle. June 18— Stmr Portland, from Cape
Nome sailed June 19 for San Francisco; »echr
Bonita. hence May 6. •- June 17— Tug Lena L.
June 18— Stmr Robert Dollar, from Cape Nome;
Btmr Chas Nelson, from Ice pack; ¦ stmr Des
patch from Portland. June 2— U 8 Btmr Wheel-
Inr from Yokohama. June 4— IT S stmr Rush,
from Seattle, sailed June 14 for • cruise.
Juno 13 — U S stmr Lawton. from Seattle, sailed
June IS for Nome. June 14 — U S stmr Seward.
from Seattle, sailed June 17 for Nome. June 17
— U S stmr Perry, from Seattle; U S stmr Mc-
Culloch, from Seattle, ¦¦- , " .
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight.
J Buckhoun&f, L Ang
R O Tobln. Oregon
W Nicol. Newark
J Mulroy, S Jose
Mrs O Wilson. R Vista
Miss N Wilson. R Vista
A .Downs, Alaska
C M Daniels, Oregon
J WNevatt, L Ang
W Gregor> - , Uuiaun
L Waterman, Antloch
G Lorentz, Nebraska
F M Lindall. Rock I*l
J J Thompson, Fresno
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W H Bowman. Toledo
E Churchill & w, Napa
C Lawrence, Stanford
C Reynolds & w. L A
W E McCord. Wi a
E BHhuber, N' V
J Bracdon & w, Cal
J A Dubbs & w. Pa
S W Knnpp, S Barb
Mrs O W Cutter, Bostn
H H Park. NY
Mrs Morrison. Oakland
J A Roo«. Rotterdam
J F Burg-er, Rotterdam
W Frank. S Mateo
Mrs Frank, S Mateo
Princess Dhuleesj, Indl
Princess DhuleeD. Indi
X Huerr. S Mateo
II Strauss. S Mateo
B P Vincue. N V
Mrs Roberts, China
A Glover & w. Ensld
G B Blttle & w, Ens
A Besch, Japan .
J War&hen, Japan
V L Amadge. Java
Mrs Amadse. Java
Master, Amadxe. Java
Miss Henntngham, Jay
Miss S Sharpe, Pa
D Murphy & w, L Ang
EH Swen. Wash *
H Grosfer. Hamburg
C Schultz, Hamburc
A Darwin. Hamburg
W Ackland. London
C G Curtis. Omaha
M Rosenthal & c. Neb
W H Burr>ee. Phlla
J P Roberts. China
PALACE HOTEL,
GRAND
B W Collins & w, Wyo
W F Maggrard, Corning
T W Wilaoii, Wlntern
B McCaffery &\v, Salln
J R Chace. S Jose
C Yates, S Jose
H Johnson, S Rcsa
C H Schocr, Stanford
A II Ludden, Sacto
A W Drummond, Port'
A C Maude. Bakrsneldi
J S Sweet & w, S Rosa!
W T Cloefeller, Vlsallai
W A Hamond, L Ang:
H C Werner, Pasadena!
H O Archibald, L A
M Jacobson, S Ana
Mrs J A Apsley, Oak
D H Moultnn. Sacto
I Boysen. Sactu
L L Home, Sacto
D D Donovan & w r O
J A Hope, w&d. Ogden
M C Dujmovich, Ariz
•T Anderson, Fresno
J F Condon, Verdi
J I> Lndwif. Mariposa
G R Home. Australia ,
G F Kinney, Vlnton |
HOTEL.
iJ A Baldwin, Fulton
H Isaacs, ¦ L Ang
H C Newhart, Denver
\V A Chamberlain, L A
J White. Ukiah
DrLLs Lande, L A
J Ferguson, Sacto
J L Beall & w, Fresno
G Turner & w, Modesto
P II Norboe, Han ford
Mrs Jj C Lees, Hanford
Mrs T Clark, Placervle
Miss C Clerk, Placervll
Mrs L Dlckson, S Cruz
O Migrliaralla, Napa
B X Ooffnian, Chicago
J Anderson Jr. L A
Mrs J A McKee, Butte
H Wallcce, Belvedere
J R Watson, Gurnville
T G Fitch, Tucson
L R Tarcher, Merced
H Whitelock, Reading
T C AVoodworth. S Crk
PI H Mason, Salinas
Miss E X Mason, Salin
Miss Gray, Orovllle
Miss \Valdeyer. Orovlll
HOTEL. ARRIVALS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, JtJNE 29, 1900.
11
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 HEABXY ST. Established
In 1H54 lor the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
disease rearing on body and mind and
SScln Diseases. Tbedoctorcnreswheti
others fall. Try him. Charger low
4'nic<s;)">rnnlerl. Callorwrita
Or> J. it'. ulßßO.\, Box !9i7.San Fraadaca
Enlarged ' to 16 Pages
$1 per Year.
WEEKLY CALL
BWOTfIBBH PAOiriC COMPAHBi
(fAcirio svirriiM.)
Train* !*"»*¦ nml urn ilu« •« arrlVS at
MAN FKANVIMCW.
{Slain Line. Foot or Market Streak.)
LZAVK — Frou Mat 13, 1900. — twn
•7:O» * Benids, Sulsun, Elmira. VaesTfUa.
". Runua; aud Bacr»meuto..' *7t43»
•TiOO» Shasta Express— Daris. WUlluns (for
Hartlett Spiicgs), Willows, Ked
Bluff, Portlaui..- •7:«»»
•7:S;> a M trtinez, Bsn ltamon, Vallejo. Napa,
•Jalist»E»ainlHitnta Rosa 'OilOr
•SiOOa Darls. Woodland. Knight* Lsndlor.
Marjiiiille, OrOTille , •7:«3*
*(t:0»4 Atlaotie Kxpress-Ogdeti and East •11:I5«
'kiiliitSn Just. Literniurn. Htucktun, ...
¦ lone, Hacrameiita, riacettille,
M»r»«»lile. Ctilco, Ked 1t1uff.. .... MilSr
*KiSOa Oftkdal*. Chines* (for Yoiemita).
Boiion. Carters «... MilSp
•0:eo» Hn.yws.rdi, Nile* aud Way Stations. *lll«9a
•iisoo* Lot Anisles Express — Murtluoi,
Tracy, l^tlirop, H'.ocktou. Merced
and Fresno ••:«»
?I»:!IO* Vallejo, Mm lines anil Way HtaMout *a:t»r
•10:00* Tho Otetlstiu Umi tod— Ogden, Den-
Ter, Omaha. (Jhictgo *S:ISr
•lltOO* NUts. I,inTii».ro, Stockton, Sscrs-
tutu*" Mendota. Haufori), Visalla,
Fort«r»lUe •¦Ijl.ir
M«:lii)H Haywurds, Ntles and Way Stations. *2:45r
fliooi- Hitcrainviito lilterStemuois t3:O(U
•3:OOp Haywardi, Niles kuA W»y SUtloci, •»: Hit
¦4iOUr Martium, Han ltamon, Vullojo.
riai>*. <:»li«r<.(c«. Hmita llota. •UilSa
•4iOOr Bonlcla, V.'intera. Kaerameqto,
• WooillaiKl, Kititflita 1 .audit*.
Msr;«Tllle, ()ro»lll« *IO:4««
MsSOp Nile*. Ban Joie and StuoktOD a ?>IS»
•3:O«f Ths Owl IJ in I ted— Tracy. Fresno.
Uakernaald. Hangns fur Santa Bar-
bara, I.os Angr.lea "»:«!
*BiOQr Fresno I'anaenger— Martinez, Lath-
V ran, Stockton. IJ erred Berend*
' V (Raymond for YosemHs). KrMiio.. *I3ilof
*siltttp Ne* >leacf Ei press- ItukerailolJ,
. - Haitta Onrtiara, l,<i» Atiß«les, Dem-
lu(, Bl i'aio, New Orleans and
But •«««9»
»sil»r . Santa Tv Uouta— Atlautlo Eipress
for MaJM* and Kas» # «:*3»
•SJiOUp Haywards, Nilea aud Han JoM *?>4aa
t«:OUr Vaflejo. Ma:li»r,
•«:O(»r Oriental Mail- Ogilon, Cbtyennt.
Oniaha. Chicago. ...' *11i«0a-
'QtvOr Oriental Mall-Ogden. Denver.
Omabn.' Chicago MilSr
(TiwOr Valli'Jn, I'iiil Costa and Way Hta-
- tious.,... JBiSSr
*BHI3r Oregon still CalUornU Uii'reM.Hno-
(Hl.iKllt.i. Murj-iitllU.. U0.1.1111g. •
INtrHKii.l. I'iii{m> >-f.ni.il mi.l l:»nt *»tlga f
COAST DIVIstO.N (.\nnoir (.;m^e). i
-{Foutct il-rkrt. Street. I |
, f}>43A Bantu Crux 'Dieursiou for Santa
Cruz and rrtiicipal Way Stations !Si«W»
•til sa Newark. «>>itur(iljtr,)iaii .)<>•<>, Prltoit.
ISoiiMerCrrek.MsiitftG'nixiind Wt; ¦
SUtlous •e:3«* |
tSilitp NewHrk, Cot.lerrill-.. Kan .lose. New
Alum<l«u, l'>lUin. llnulder Cr««k, '
Baitt» Cms an.l Principal Way •
Htnllons....- flitt.lo*
•Jil.lr Newark. H»n.li)»c. F.«*C*tos *6:»«A |
a4tls?Gli!iiwood. Feltoii, SanU Cmi **:SOA j
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
rrtdtill rBl*CUC9— r-ott .f Mtrktl 3lre«l (Sii» 8) —
•7:16 :; 0:00 ll;00i.H. 11:00 *2:39 13:00
.•4:00 ' •-.'15:03 '6:03r,«.:
ri«aollUll>— r»t •.'BreniiwsT.— 'B:oo 8:00 10:09i.H,
tl3:00 'l'-OO ' 18:00 ,*3:oa tt:o3 - 't.ZZr.u.
COAST DIVISION ( It i-oa.t (inure).
(ThlrilwiidToiviiseiulSti.)
fOiIOA Ocean View. .South .San Kraucinco.. - t«*M»
|7tOOa Kau.loia him! Way Ntntii.iiH (New
• Alcnaden We>iiie»<iaya»iiiy).. *itt9t
I?>XO4 Sunday Excursion f-r'San Jom, «
: Santa • Cnu, I'aciHc Uroie and '.¦--'-
ITindpal Way KUtion*.... 'X«s33»
•ViUOt Han . I n«i\ Tim I'iiitm. Miuitiw Crna,
. . r»pll':<i Univ». faiiw ItoliU-s, Man: .
liilli <)l>i«|t.>. Hint, I.otiipoc ami V'
. l'rlnoii'Hl Way KUlimis'..' *4il«r
•lOiKia San Jiws ami Way .¦Station* *n : a.la
MliUO* Naii.liinn.LoaKatnsiuiinVHj-NtnMoix ¦¦SiSOr
«ai»-'irH»ii A!*tr... K1.1k.0.1, Menlo Tark,
'. I'alo Alto. HauU<,'lara. Kan .lime,
Tres.rinos. Hauta - Crux. Salinas.
- Moutereyaml Vacllic Cr0T«.. .... |I«:H«*.
t!l::t«r (ian Jo*aan<l Wajr,atat!ou» •7::S»p
H:lsr SanJoasAiiil rrHiefpa! Way rltationt *U:l.l*
ts:O»pSan Jms. Lea Oatos and Trlualpal
Way Stations...... r.V. ..:.... ."j |B:O»A
*.li3Of SanJnsa ami friacinal Way Station! ' ?•*:»•">*
•Otaorßan .lose ami Way Stations. {M:OO A
<lli4»f> Sail Jcgranil War 5'.at1mn. ........ *t:'JOr
¦ A for Morninc. ¦ ¦-.-. P for Afternoon.
•Daily. v f Bandar ¦te«pte4.-* t Monday only I
'r + : ja*-**:-, • - 6 Saturday only. . I
• Saturday and Suudiy . c Suadar and Uondar. . \
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 22/ 190*.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL V-ALLEI
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. »8:30. »:30, U.UO a. m.;
12:45. »l:«. 3:15, 4:15, •5:13, S:IJ, 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
BUNDAYS-7:W. *S:CO, »9:0O. 'l^OO. U:0O." 11:30
a. ra.; 12:45. »l:30, 2:30. »3:«. 5:00, 8:00. 7:24
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
Says.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WgEK DAYS— S:33. *6:30. 7:50, 8:40. »10:15 a.
n>.: 42:30. -1:15. 2:15. *3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
BUNDAYS-6:15. '3:00, »9.'50. •11:00 a, m.; •12:00
m. : 1:00. 2:15, *3:30. 4:30. *5:45. 6:45. 7:30. 1O:2»
p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK I>AYS-5:33. 6:43, 8:00. 8:55, 10: M a.
m.: 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:30. 4:20. 5:20 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIP 3 on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:3S. ,S:CS. 10:05. U:10 a. m.: 13:15.
1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 4:55, 6:15, 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
TnROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. .
1:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:C0 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. .-•'
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyea and way
stations.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Leave Ean Francisco via Sausa
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
WEEK DAY 5. ...9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. ra.
SUNDAYS 3. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2:19 p. m.
Fare Ean Francisco to Summit and return. SI Wl
NEW TAVERN OP TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Gea. Pass. Agent.
General Manager.
Stanea connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrnria: ot Lytton for Lytton Sprtnzs: at
Oeyservllle for Skagzs Sprtna-s: at Cloverdala
for the aeysers: at Hocland for Duncan
Sprlnsi, Highland Sprinirs. Keiaerville, Carls-
bad Sprlnps, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Sprlnrs. Saratoga
Springs. Bl'ae L "cet Laurel Dell Lake. Wlttor
Sprlnss. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter^ Valli^r.
John Day's, Riverside, LJerler's. Bucknell's.
Banned in Heljhts, HalMlle. Orr"s H.it
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Brass. West-
port Usal. WJlllts. LaytonrtJle. Onrmtr.s.
Bell's Spriass. Harris. Olaen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday % roand trio tlskets at
reduced rates. i
On' Sunday rmiisd trip tickets to all points
beyor.d Ban Rafaet at tis.lt rates.
Ticket o?nc»*«. 650 Market nt.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. • R. X. RYAN.
ui\iui:>u notices.
£IVtDENI> ICctice— Security Sn.vlr.gs Bank. J22
iiontpomerj' ft.. Mills tmlldinK. Kor the half
\-«!ii- ending Jua* SO. 1900, dividends on term de-
jvwits at the rate of three and six-tenths (J 6-10)
I*r cent r*r annum end on ordinary deposits
st the rate of three <*) per cent per annum.
free of taxes, will be payable on and after
July 2. I*CO.
S. L. ABJSOT JR.. Secretary.
LEGAL. ADVEHTISEME.XTS. '
EXTENSION" of rrotect-^aptaln W. RICH-
ERT. m»n»r of th«> <Jernr!a:i cteamer Rerajiis
Hi. J B W.i. will extend hi» protest on
TUE6QAT, July 3, I*oo. at 10 o'clock a. m.,
at the office of th»» Imperial GTraan Consul-
Rt" at thl* city CIS Sarrampnto street). San
rrunrltco, June 2». 15»fi0. LOHAN. Imperial
G»natn Vice-Consul.
Week J Sun- I I Sua- I' Waeis
Days. | days, f Destination.] days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 »m Novato. 10:40 am 1:10 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petalamsu S:O6 pm 10:3 Sara
*:li pm 5:00 pm Santa Rom. 7:35 pro «:tOpm
OAKL.UU riH.MIXItIi KOR SA.'.E.
AN Introduction to yen from 11. Schellhaas. the
furniture <j»*}*r. nth and Fmnklln. Oakland.
Leave I In Effect. { ArrlTe-
Pan Francises [Apr. 13. 1900.1 San Francisco.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ELOOK €4. must be mild. near 23d aye.. 17th St.,
East Oakland: a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL. SWIFT. 1112 East 6ix-
t**nth rt.. East Oakland.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
earn* schedule as above.
&:00, C:ZO d. rr..
SAN RAFAEL TO EAN FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:50, 8:20, 11:1» a. in.; 13.15.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trips at
I:£s and «:3S o. m.
BVNDATS— B:IO. 1:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. *:4ft.
6:05, G:25 p. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Scfauetsen Park
RAILWAY COMPANY.
fiimron Ferry, Foot of Market St
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— T:2O. »:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
S.-SO. 5:10. 1:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at U:SO o. ra. Saturdays— Extra tript at 1:M
and 11:33 D. m.
BUN DAYS— «:OO. 9:30, 11:» a. m.: 1:30. »:M.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
$~r,n — IN BerkPlpy, near university; cottage 5
rooms and bath: beautiful garden; lot SOxllS;
cn!y $15(i down; monthly payments to suit.
A<l<!rr*!« box ttZt, Call office.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
j6.yw_A MODERN up to date residence of 7
rocmt. attic, basement, eto. ; large oorner lot.
C')xl(W; rtreet ;; O rk done; 2 blocks of colleze;
<..wner coin* EnLisy
A:nly to O. G. MAY & CO..
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
t» I'tn an Kits a.mj mi'l'liks. /
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
e=^ll bftter machines for less money than any
house in the rtty: rentMla, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. C 36 California, telephone Main "6t.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 220 .fillmore et. ; phone Jackson 2SI.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. T22 Mission St.,
tel. Main LS40 — Packing, moving and storage.
WILSON 8R0.*.. storage and moving: covered
vans. Tr-nth and Market: phone South 7C2.
STOIIAUE AXD WAREHOUSES.
ALL kinds boupht. *old. etchanired. rented
n?p»irir.r at lo»e;t rates. TO5 Fourth fct.
SEWIXG MACHINES A\D SUPPLIES.
ALL k!r*ss bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed.. Chas. Plambeck. IPIS Mission, nr. 15th.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
EAD tenants ejected for 14: collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montffcir.MT ft., rooms 9-10: tel. 5»59.
TtOOM and board wanted by two jrounj men;
within 4 blorks or Ellis and Polk «s. ; private
preferred. Bnx IKS. Call office.
KOOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
(TT'Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 25 Dorland etreet, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GT'NNISON— In this city, June 26, 1900, C. Rob-
ert. b*"lo\ed huynand of Bertha Gunnison. a
native of Norway, aged GS years .9 months and
10 days.
HKAKXEY-In this city, June 27, 1900, Mich-
sir i. beloved husband of Margaret Hearney.
ar.d father of Andrew. Hugh. Nora and Wlni-
t r«.-d Hearney and Mrs. Theodore Parnow, a
native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 56
jf-arf.
- E^tf'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. '8 Clara street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HEGLER— In this city. June 27, 1300, John H.
Hegler. beloved husband of Rose Hegler,
father of Edwin CHegler and the late Fred-
erick A. Hezler, and brother of Mrs. Mary
Howard, a native of Sonoma County. Cal..
aterl IS years. (Sonoma County papers please
copy.) ¦ ¦-%3iXR
CTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late residence,
228 HaJgrht street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery-
HINCK— In this city, June 28, 1900. Henry J.,
beloved husband oft Lena Hinck, father of
Annie M., Mamie and George A. Hlnck, and
brother of Mrs. Rowe, a native of Germany,
aged 58 years.
/ ITTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the\ funeral Sunday,
July 1. at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic Tem-
ple, nnder the auspices of Crockett Lodge
No. 133. F. and A. M. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
HOLSWORTH —In this city, June 26, 1900.
Mary, beloved wife of John ,H. Hols worth,
and deariy devoted mother of Lillie, Rose,
Lottie,#Edward. John, Percy and Harry Hols-
wcrth and Mrs. James Murasky, a native of
England.
INGRAM— In Cazadero, June 27. 1500. S. C.
Inexnm. aged 73 years.
JOHNSON— In this city, June 27. 1900, Peter
A., beloved husband of Hadvl Johnson, father
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
¦ < Friday*, at 8:30 o'clock, from hie late resi-
dence, 527 Folsom street, thence to St. Pat-
rt-k's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CUNNINGHAM— In Oakland, June 28, ISOO,
Gerald, beloved husband of Mazie Cunning-
ham, son ot Captain J. Cunningham, and
brother* of Harry L. Cunningham and Mrs.
Elmer F. Rich of Los Angeles, a native of
East India, aged 27 years and 6 months.
DRISCOLL— In this city, June 28. ISOO, Jamjs
F., deariy beloved husband of Mary Driscoll,
and father of Juliette F., Mary and William
J. Driscoll. a native or County Cork, Ireland,
a*ed 62 years and 7 months.
IT^The funeral will take place this day
(Triday). at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence; lafll Louisa street, Berkeley. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery. San Francisco.
CONNELLY— In this city. June 28. 1900, Mrs.
Annie Connelly, wife of the late Frank Con-
nelly, and mother of Mrs. Annie Schreck and
Rina Connelly, a native of Ireland, aged 50
years.
CREIGHTON— In this city. June 27. ISOO. Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Annie CreiKhton. and
father of James and Cassie Creishton. Mrs.
William Connolly and Mrs. Mollie Brown, a
native of Ireland, aged 62 years.
c3Triend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 131 S Larkln street, near Clay, thence
trt St. Mary's Cathedral: corner Van Ness
avenue and O'Farrell street, where a requiem
high mass will t>e celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at W o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery..
CARROLL— In Berkeley, June 25, 1900, Julia
Dora, wife of Captain James Carroll, a na-
tive of New York, aged: 53 Years.
BAI'ER-lfi this city, June 25, 1900, Louise
Mary Bauer, beloved mother of Pearl Bauer,
daughter of Walter and Mary Woolnough,
and Flster of Florence Woolnough, a native
of Australia, aged 2S years.
BROWN— In this city, June 27. 1900, Alexander
Baxter, beloved husband of Sarah J. Brown,
a native of Providence, R. 1., aged 66 years
and 7 months. (Rhode Island papers pleasa
copy)
DIED.
Bauer, Louise M. Johnson. Peter A.
Brown, Alexander B. Jones. William A.
Carroll. Julia D. MoOlynn. Mary H.
Creighton, Patrick McTavis. Murdock
Connelly, Mrs. Annie MeTevlsh. Murdock
Cunningham. Gerald Magill, capt. A. E.
Driscoll. James F. Miller. Bennie R.
Gunnieon. C. Robert Reddy. Patrick
Hearney, Michael Schmltt. Kergrt. Major
Hegler. John H. Edga H.
Hinck, Henry J. Strauss. Bab>' Agnes
Holsworth. Mary , Teigeler, Catherine
Ingram. S. C.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pap**. f*nt to any addreps in the.
t.'nited Plate* or Canada on- >»ar for SI.
LAS PALMAS, \*?> Market Ft.— Suite cf 2 or 8
rm«.; privatp; bath; *In. rms.; board optional.
TWENTY-SIXTH. MT7. near Mlssicn-Nicely
furnished sunny rooms, wtth or without
board, at very reasonable prices.
THE BRADBURT.IPO4 California— New modern
f»m!ly hot^l; exc^ll^nt table: 100 beautifully
fumifhed rooms; moderate: plicne Hyde 2T7L
tEucrcsscrs to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P, DONOVAN. Mgr,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
£0 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
DIVIDEND notice— San Francisco Savings
L"r:!on. *~2 California ft., corner Webb— For
it-.o be.ll year endjrs tvith the- 30th of June.
j«Xt a dividend has been declared at the rate
per anr.um of thrte and six-tenths (2 6-10) per
cent on trrm de-oplts and three (J) per cent
c-i ordinary iVposit*, Tree of taxes, payable
ci) and atttr MONDAT. July 2. ITOO.
LOVELL WHITK. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— The German Savings and
Loan Society. £26 California St.— For the half
j tar ending with June 30. 13M. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
half (Z l 4> P*r cent per annum on all deposits,
free c r tsxe«, payable on ar.4 after MONDAY,
3u\y 2. l»»- GEO. TOURN'T. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend Na 106 (fifty
r^nts per »hsre) of. the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. ZZ7 Market «t.. on and after MON-
DAY. July 2. ISOO. Transfer bcoks will close
on Tuesday/ June 25. 19C0. at t o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHKLDOX. Secretary.
DIVIDKNIJ NOTlCE— Mutual Savings Bank of
6an Francisco, M Post tt. Fbr the half
rear ending June 30, 1900, a. dividend has
keen declar»-d at the rate of three (2) per cent
tier annum on all o>poeits. free of taxes, pay-
' able en and after Monday, July 2, 1900.
GEORtJE A. STO^ir. Cashier.
HL'MBOLD'i' t^aviners and Loan Society. 13
C«"**T St.— The directors ha\-^ detlared the fol-
lowlnc pßil-annua! dividends: 3. C0 per c*nt
jf-r annum on term and 2 per cent per an-
r.um on ordinary depc*!tn. payable on and
after July 2. XW). nRNHRT BRAND. Sec.
SAVINGS and Lean Society. 101 Montsomery
«t.. ocrr.er «' gutter— The 14oard pf Directors
declared a dividend for th* term ending June
J* lil*!.--rl the rate ot three and on<>-'juarter
(Vi) pfr cent p*r annum on all deposit*, free
of taxes, and payable en and after July 2.
ISO. UJvidendi* not railed for are added to
«n<J bear the Fame rate of dividend as the
principal from and «.f ter July 1. 1300. .
CYRUS yp. CARMAN*"/ Cashier.
OFFICE of the Hibernia Savlncs and Loan So-
ciety, corner Market, McAUirJer and Jones
wtt.. Ean Francisco. June 27, 1800. — At a reg-
ular meeting cf the Board of directors of this
Society, held this day, a dividend has been
dwlsi-od at the rate «f three and ©ne-eirhth
<Z%) per cent per annum on all deposits for
¦ the «ix racnths ending June 30. 1"VV). fr*... from
t - taxes and payable on «n«l afi<r July 1,
ISflO. KOBKRT J. TOLJIN, Secretary.
Ivsßssssssssssssssassssissiuiiaiii ¦¦¦immsb.b,
OTcAVOV A. CO.. |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.I
123S Market rt.. between ith and Sith. )
Telephone Sguth 247. .. |
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Superintendent
CREMATION.
Odd Feilows* Cemetery Association
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
IF DECEASED WAS A -MEMBER OF ANY
ORGANIZATION having: a presiding officer
and secretary the charge for cremation, a cop-
per receptacle for the ashes and ¦ organ servlcee
is J3'/. The *ame for members of the family.
• Ellen Bums (by A. J. Rosborough, Tax Col-
lector) to M. McCann, lots I to 4, block 49',
Tract B; Berkeley Land and Town Improve-
ment Association, Berkeley; It,
M. McCann, to -R. J. Callaghan, same, Berke-
ley, quitclaim deed; 111 IHBwllliaif '<< WMrtj Vi lilisf
Home Security; Building and Loan Associa-
tion to Joseph T.'di Lavigneylot on iW line of.
O. G. and Eliza B. May to Kate. Kennelly.
lot on W line of Louisa street. 4^ S of Berke-
ley way/ S 40 by W 134.65, being lot 11, Twitch-
ell Tract. Berkeley; $10.
M. McCann to Sarah L. White, lot on SW
line of Ea*t Twenty-second street, ,194:84 SE
of -Twenty-fourth avenue, SE 60 ¦by - SW -. 150;
block N, subdivision 50 Associates Tract, East
Oakland, quitclaim deed; V,. ¦
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
James Reed, lot 20 In plat 36. Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland Township; $90. , :.
M. J. Henley and G. W. Schweinhard to
Lepos yon Perhac*. lots 313 to 31S. block V, on
map of Beulah Park, East Oakland: also a
strip of land bordering upon and lying W of
above lots (subject to a mortgage for $1000); $10
Richard and Elizabeth A. Chrlstlanson to B.
M. Newcomb, lot on SW-llne of East Twenty-
second street. - 3J3 SE of Twenty-first avpnue "
SE 72, SW ISO, NW 44, SW 10, NW 28. NE HO
to beginning; block 67 on map of northern ad-
dition to "Brooklyn. East Oakland: also lot on
E line of Champion street. 100 N of Chicago
avenue. E 120.64, N 50. W 120.76. S 50 to begin-
ning, block B, resubdlvision of Prospect Hill
Tract, Brooklyn Township: $1000. -^
William H. and Helen C. Ford to Israel Rich-
ards, lot 35 and all that portion of lot 39 lyinj;
Eof a center line drawn parallel. to and mid-
way between the E and W boundary lines of lot
3*. being the E half tif lot S6,jFord Tract, town
of Nll^s Washington Township; J230.
John C. and Mary Astrue to Edward Garst,'
lot on SE corner of Front and J streets. E 75
by S 150, belnjf lots 1. 2 and 3. block G6, town of
Nllen. map filed December 31. ISBB, Washington
Township; $10.
* Joseph Maristany to Annette Marlstany, all
Interest in following: Lots 1, 2 and 3, block
T. lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda; also
lot on SW corner of Alameda avenue and Oak
street. S ISO. XV 100. N 150, E to beginning,
Alameda. auitclaim deed; $1. . .
Same to Rasmus C. lUsmussen, the SE half
of lot 29, block C, map of Anspacher Tract, be~
lng a v subdivision of a portion of same; $10.
Maria and Philip V. Wenig to Pletro Lecari,
lot on SW corner of Main and Abbie streets,
E 160:5, S 50, W 144:6, thence at an obtuse angle
N 52j8 to beginning, being lot 1, block D, re-
vised plan of town, of Pleasanton, Murray
Township; $1000.
J. McMulle n to John Price, lots 10, 11 and 12,
block B. Chrtstlania Tract, Berkeley; $10.^ — r
H. P. and Emma E. Moreal, F. M.-" Danny
and Pauline Poison (by J. B. Lanktree, com-
missioner) to Mary L. Lancaster, lot on S line
of Central avenue. 300 E of Willow street 13
3d by R 150, belngr lot 12 in XV half of block B,
lands adjacent to Encinal.. Alameda; $366*!.
S. P. Splnk to Annie Splnk, lot on S line of
San Jose avenue, 150 W of ' Walnut street W
50 by' S l?. 0. being: lot 13, block O, Pioneer Home-
stead, Alameda; aloo lot on W line of Park
street, 175:7 8 of Clinton avenue, 8 25:1, W 96.18
N 25, E 08.35 to beginning, being the S half o£
lot 11, block 54, lands adjacent to Encinai; gift
Philip Anrpacher to George B. Ferguson, lots
40 to- 43, block E, Arspacher Tract, being a re-
suMivision of a portion of Haywards Tract,
Eden Township: $10. .
Alameda County.
La Rue Lemar to Thomas Moran. lot on NW
corner of WyornlnK and Farragut streets NW
237 by NE 328, block 4, West End Alap 2; ID.
Thomas B. and James P. Slevin to Catherine
Slevin. lot on W line of Alabama street. 156 N
of Twenty-fourth, N 26 by W 100; also lot on
E line of Harrlpon street, 156 N of Twenty-
fourth. N 26 by E WO; $10.
William and Ellen Wynne to Lizzie A.
Wynne, lot on W line of Capp street, 223 N of
Seventeenth. X 25 by W 105; also undivided Vi
of lot en SW line of Fourth street, 140 SE of
Folsom. SE 25 by SW 73: grant.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to A. H
R, Schmidt, lot on S line of Nineteenth street.
75 W of Noe, XV 25 by S 86; $10. *
Homcseekera' Loan Association to Edith M.
Rickoff (wife o^Arthur R.). lot on E line of
Stanyan street, 50 N of Rlvoll, N 25 by E 100 •
$2562.
l?aac W. and Nora C. O'Rourke to Arthur
J. G. and Annie M. Bennett, lot 5, block 4 Ma-
rion Tract (Hospital lot): $10.
Edwin and Franie L. Schwab to same let
on X line of Twentieth street. 50 W of Hart-
ford W 25 by N 52:6; also lot on E line of
Stanyan street, SO N of Rlvoll, N 25 by E 100,
lot 6. block 2, FUbdivision 1. Clarendon Heightß,
quitclaim deed; $3.
Charles and Dorothea Harris to Homeseekers 1
Loan Association, lot on N line of Washington
street. 105:6 W of Walnut. W 32 by N 102:S!i;
also lot on XV line of Broderick street 80 X
of Waller, X 25 by W ?0; also lot on E line of
Stanyan street, 50 N of Rlvoll avenue, N 25
by E mo, lot 6, block 2, subdivision 1, Clar-
endon Heights; l"<.
Thomas J. and Evelyn H Bean and Cornelia
11. Post to N. W. Miller, undivided two-thirds
same: $10.
R. J. "and M. C. Pavert to same, all Interest
same, quitclaim deed; 5250. .¦. ¦
Estate of William Leroy Bean (minor) (by
Thomas J. Bean, guardian) to R. J. Pavert,
all interest In lot on NW corner of* Seymour
and Golden Gate avenues, W 39 by N 75; $1270.
Jeremiah J. Galvln to Susie A. Galvln, lot
on W line of Webster street, 104:6 N of Grove
N 73 by W 52:6; also lot on S line of Butter
street, 87:6 E of Scott, E 25 by S 137:6. uult-
claim deed; ?10.
i W. P. Fuller & Co. (a corporation) to name,
lot on SW line of Beale street, 1S8:6 SE of
Folfom, SE 40:10 by SW 130: also lot on SW
line of Beale street, 1SO:6 SE of Folsom SE
8, SW 130. E 63:8, SW 130, SE 63:8, SW 76
NW 71:8. NE 137:6; JIO.
Mary M. and Margaret J. Rellly to Edward
M. Dunbar, lot on NW line of Folsom street,
100 SW of Beale. SW 25 by ,\\V 137:6; JlO.
S. and H. Lachman estate (a corporation)
to same, lot on W corner of Harrison and
Beale streets, SW 137:6 by NW 137:6; $W.
J. M. Lakenan to F. H. Davis, undivided half
Interest in lot on NE line of Boale etreet, 80
SE of Harrison, SE 126:3. NE 137:6, NW 68:9,
SW 27:6, NW 67:6. SW 110; $10.
P. F. and Marsaret Dundon to came, lot
on NE line of Beale street, 137:6 SE of Fol-
som, SE 50 by NE 137:6; $10.
Henry E. and L. J. Bothin to same, lot on
NE line of Beale street, 137.6 NW of Harri-
son, NW 45 by NE 137:6; *10.
G. B. Chevareo to same, lot on SW line of
Harrison street. 50 NE of Beale, NE 50 by NW
87:6; ?10.
George and Pusyle H. Mlddlemas to same,
lot on NE line of Beale street, 87:6 NW of
Harrison. NW 50 by NE 100; 110.
Mary A. and Eucene N. Fritz to Jerry J.
Sullivan, lot SW corner Frederick street and
De Long avenue, W 30 by S 100; $10.
Edmond S. Clprlco to Selina Ciprico, lot S
line Oak street, 223 E of Ashbury, E 50:3 by S
137:6; $10.
Thomas and Mary A. Flint -to George H.
Bixby end Brilsford P. Flint (trustees estate of
Lewellyn Rixby), lot E line Noe streets, 57 N of
Cumberland. 57x106; also lot W line Webster
street, 4S N of Hermann, 24x81:3; JX.
Michael and Delia Kelly to Ulick Burke, lot
on W line of Noe street, 115 S of Nineteenth,
S 29 by XV 125; $10.
James F. and Ellen (or Ellen C. Btevens)
to Catherine Stevens, lot on S line of Cali-
fornia street, 137:6 E of Hyde, E 27:6 by S
137:6; gift - .
Christian Froelich to Charles Hewitt, lot on
W corner of Folsom and Main streets, SW 91:8
by XW 137:6: *10.
William f. Whittier to came, lot on N cor-
ner of Beale and Folsom streets. NW 153:4,
NE 137:6, NE 45:10. SE 137:6. SW 1^3:4: $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FISCHER— DEUTSCHEL— In this city, June
28, 1300, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Ernst
Fischer cf Jackson. Amador County, Cal.,
and Klisabetha Deutschel of Rheingonbelm,
llavarla.
HILL— CRAWFORD— In this city, June 27. 1300.
by the Rev. J. P. Dlckson, James F. Hill of
Herkeley and Jessie M. Crawford of San
Francisco. x- '.
SCHLAM— KRILL— In. this city. June 23. 1900.
by the Rev. J. Fuendellng-, Oskar J. Schlam
and Amelia B. J. Krlll.
TOLMAN-ARMSTRONG-In this city. June 24,
1900. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, William Tol-
man and Annie Armstrong.
MARRIED.
BRUTT-JOHANNS-In this city, June 13, 1900,
by the Rev. J. Fuendellng:, John C. Brutt
CALIFORNIA. SP7 — An excellent opportunity to
secure particularly desirable accem. at mod-
eft rates; epec'.al rates families: sunny rms.,
en suite or tingle; best table ;n San Francisco.
HOTEL SUTHERLAND. T9l Butter— Choicest
location: flr.ely furaiflwd; euperlor table; e'.e-
vator; sinjrle rooms, with board, J3O up; suits
In proportion.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOBN.
DE2CMAX— In thU city. June 25, 1900, to the-
wife of George E. Dcnman, a son.
ROBBIXS-In this city, June 26. 1300. to the
wife of G. B. Robbins, a daughter.
noSENTHAL— To the wife of L. Ro?enthal of
Shanghai, China, a son. j
SEAREY— In this city, June 2S. 1900. to the wife
cf W. P. Searey of ninebn. Cal., a daughter.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
rons authorized to have the same published.
— ¦
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
CLASSIFIED advertisement? and subscriptions
received at rail branch office. KOO Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advert isements and
*uh«-riptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Et.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A po<yj rooming house
•for good people. 11. HUGHES, proprietor.
BUTTEU. SIS-Nice funny fingle rooms for Ken-
ttemen for f; ;« t-ot week up: al?o en suite.
fHEHMAN Apartment House. IS Eighth ft
n«-ar Market— Furnished or unfunr.shed.
SIXTH. IS6— Furr.iphed front and back parlor" ;
suitable for doctor* office or dressmaker.
KOVAL HOUSE. 12C E3Ua «.— lneand'-jrent
Hgiit. readinj rcom, Fmoklr.R room and ladies 1
It.nor; rooms. i«r nipht. 1> to Jl 50; week. $2
tr> *S: month tS to K0; elevator on office floor;
r-wms with hot and cold wat^r; baths.
rowi'l 1,. l!l— Llsht. clean nr.F.; suites cr *in-
f>: t:r.nflent; running water; ratrs reduced.
rCSi:r>ALE Houre.Sl? and 821 Ellis st-Rooms
:g .l'^? c to * 1; *"eek. $1 tt to $4: open night.
I < .?T. :*?-Hohea-.Sa; ttnrst sunny rooir.F in city
tcr families a.r.d crr.tlfiaen; a!l conveniences.-
reffyynres from the bert people In city.
O FARBELL. f»— Funny fnrnlsheU roomo and
ffSfes; elevator; electric light*; day, wk.. mo.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Walter Maffee. 25, 2710 Broadway, and Flora
G. Doan. ;i. IPCO Van Ness avenue.
Norman I>. Kelley. 22. -Fresno, and Hattle P.
St^nvrand, 20, Fresno.
Charley C. Jacobe, 23, Petaluma. and Lola
Hart, IS, Fresno.
Taul L. Goldstein, 31, 4« Clementina street,
and Martha IJ. Ofsoske. 24. 219 Clara street.
John D. Cardinell. 25. 1011 Ouerrero street,
and Jetrie B. La Comber, 20, 3272 T wenty-flfth.
Conrad Hess, 27, 433 Sanchez street, and Ellen
3. Giesecke. \S, 1616 Church street.
Fi-cnk 11. Richter, 24. 326 Brannan street, and
KstoJla Humiihrey. IS. 321 A Fremont stree-t.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
i
.*-'"*• ; -. ; -^y - v | ¦ -\."v»- a*. • '
On July I, 1900. the first passenger train froro Sari
Francisco to Chicago, over tl)e rails of one single rail-
way, wjll leave Ferry, foot of Market street, at 9 a. Ny
by way of the newly constructed Santa pc Route.
The Palace Sleeping Cars and tl}e Tourist Sleeping
Cars will go through to Chicago Without change. A
Dining Car will run through the San Joaquin Valley.
• mM Ticket Office 628 Market St. fe
v OVERLAND LEAVES
At 9:00 a. m. Daily Market
STOCKTON TRAIN LEAVES Street
At 4:10 p. m. Oaily r*>-,-, 4 ;
r ' rerry
FRESNO AND BAKERS FIELD H^nnt
At 8:00 p. m. Daily "^P"*-
'"% ¦ ¦
.5 PfPartment. Office of General Su-
Tn«rn cn n n^ U -, S ' Service. Wash-
i?ni k' D ' C> June ls - 1300-Sealed proposals
«UI be received at this office until 2 o'clock
P. m of Thursday, the 12th day of July. 1900,
Rnd then publicly opened, for furnishing sup-
piles required for use of the Life-saving Ser-
}.ce for th* fiscal year ending June 30, 1901;
tlie supplies to r*\ delivered at such points In
icr!i City. Grand Haven, Mich., and
t-an Francisco, Cal., as may be required, and
in the quantities named In the Specifications.
The supplies needed consist of bs.is and bed-
ciP.g;: blocUs and sheeves: cordage: crockery;
furniture; hardware; lamps, lanterns, etc.;
lumber; medicines; etc.; paints, oils, eto.;
fhivi chandlery; stoves, etc.; tools and m!s-
iccllaneous articles; all of which are enumer-
ated in the specifications attached to the forn*
cf bid. etc.. which may be obtained upon ap-
p'.lcation to this office or to the Inspector o'
Life-saving Stations, 17 State st.. New York
City; Superintendent Eleventh Hfe-saving
District. Grand Haven. Mich., and Superin-
tendent Twelfth Llfe-savlns District, New
AppraiFers' Stores, Ean Francisco, Cal. En-
veiopes containing proposals should be ad-
drewd to the "General Superintendent U.
S. Lire-saving Service. Washington. D. C,"
and marked on th* outside "Proposal for An-
nual Supplies. " The right Is reserved to re-
ject any or all bids, and to waive defects. If
deemed for the Interests of the Government.
HORACE L. PIPER. Acting General Super-
intendent.
PROPOSALS.
(pTuneral services will be held this day
(Friday), at 1 :30 o'clock, at his late residence,
2717 Pacific avenue.
SCHMITT— KiIIed In battle on May 20, 1900. In
Southeastern Africa, Sergeant Major Edga
iladler Schmltt of Bethune'a Mounted In-
fantry, formerly of San 'Francisco.
STRAUSS— In this city. June 27, 1900. Baby
A_nes. beloved daughter of Frank M. and
Lula E. Strat'.ss, a native of San Francisco,
ajed 8 months.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
ful'- invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from 21A Belvedere
Ftreet, between Waller and Frederick. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
TEIGELER— In this city, June 28, 1900, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Conrad Telgeler, a na-
tive of Folsom. Cal., aged 85 years. OVallejo
papers please copy.)
JCTThe remains will be shipped to Vallejo
for interment.
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral cervices
to-morrcw (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence. 70« Thirteenth street. Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
MlL.LKR— ln'this city, /une 28, 1900, Bennie R..
beloved son of B. P. and Katie R. Miller, a
natlvu of California, aged 9 years.
REDDY— In this city, June 26. 1900, Patrick,
beloved husband of Emily M. Reddy, . and
brother of Cnptain Edward A. Reddy, a na-
tive of Woonsocket. R. 1., aged 62 years.
¦ tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 'to attend the funeral services
this.Oay .Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the funeral
parlors of Delehanty & Havens, 963 Clay
street. Oakland. Interment Mountain View
: Cemetery-
MAUILL— In this city, June S7. 1900. Captain A.
E. Maeill, beloved father of Arthur E. and
Percy W. Magill, and brother of R. H. and
H. M. Magill, a member of George H.- Thomas
Post No. 2, G. A. R., and Loyal Legion No,
11. K. T.. of Oakland, a native of Hamilton,
Canada, agred 57 years and 7 months.
C7Mass will be' said for the repose of her
soul this day (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, at
Holy Cross Church. Interment private. No
flowers.
McTAVIS— In the City and County Hospital,
June 2S. 1200, Murdock McTavis, a native of
Massachusetts, ajred 56 years.
McTEVISH— In this city, June Sf. 1800, Mur-
dock MeTevlsh, a native of Nova Scotia, aged
54 years.
of Annie 0., Harry and j. Watkins Jones, a
native of San Francisco, aged '40 years 10
rnontlis and 2S days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
rSaturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
McGLTNN— In this city. June 27. 1900, at her
residence. 1467 Fulton street, Mary H., wife of
Frank McGlynn, a native of Sydney, Aus-
tralia. ... • . ...
CTFriends and acquaintances are" respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
July 1, at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Funeral under the auspices of Burns Lodge
No. 6S, A. O. L\ XV. Interment "Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
JOKES— In thlsvcity. June 28. 1300, William A.,
beloved son of Mrs. J. W. Jones, and brother
of Walter and Freda Johnson, and brother-in-
law of Charles Petersen, a native of Sweden,
aged 52 years 7 months and 16 days.'"
M. S. Lowenthal (owner) with Val Franz
(contractor and architect)— Brick, carpanter
and mill work, hardware, glazing and tinning
for a two-story and basement frame residence
fin N line of Washington street. 130:6 W of Bu-
chanan, W 25:3 by N 127:6; J6454.
Christian 11. Volght (owner) with James A.
Wilson (contractor), architects Salfleld &
Kohlberg— Excavation, house raisers' work and
brick work for undershoving- and upholding of
E wall of a three-story brick bulldlnjr. on SB
line of Market etreet, 140 NE of Second, NE 50
by SE 155; $2GSO. -> ; > ¦
John F. Kau (owner) with S. B. Kress (con-
tractor), architects Rousseau & Son— All work
for a- one and one-half story and -basement
frame, cottage, with concrete foundation, on
NW corner of Twenty-first and Sanchez streets,'
W 105 by N 25; $1535.
Joseph Seeley (owner) with Cornelius C. Mur-
phy (contractor and architect)— All work for
a dwelling house on N line of Vallejo street,
207:6 E of Fiilmore, E 40 by N 137:6; J7700.
H. Derky (owner) .with Wilson & Long (con-
tractors)— Carpenter, . plastering, plumbing and
Brad in?, excepting . painting, lincrusta; man-
tels, gas fixtures and shades for a. three-r tory
and basement frame building on W line of
Lyon street. 125 S of McAllister, S 25 by W
106:3; Sii2oo.
Builders' Contracts.
San Pablo avenue, 105 N of! Rose street. N 75
by W 12$, being- lots 17, 18 and 19? block 21. on
map of 1.- M. • Wentworth 'Boot and Shoe Com-
pany's Tract; Berkeley; Jio.-
NEW ArHrxton, 1013 Market -Nicely furnished
roos3>; Sic a day up; t; « week up; transient.
MINNA. CC7. err. Eisrhth-Nevv furnished bay-
wtn&anr room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. «73. corner Plfih-Larie sunny suite;
IIT 68.
IIOWAKi'. SX>. cor. Cth— Nicely furnished sunny
rrvon-,f r>»sir.ab!e; by day. week or month.
HOWARD. ?4B— Sunr.y front bay window rooms-
also otiiTF: Jl to $2 we<*k.
CRAXD SOITHERX. southrart corner Seventh
srd IQaxion «s.— Sunny rccres, en miite rr
s:r.Kl«. lrdlcs' parlor; readlnx room; elevator.
HOTEL Francisco— Elppant suite*; single- tran"-
sier.t: tilths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
GEAKY. 4C5 .The Navarre)— Eiesar.tly furnished
rooms: exitcs or Binele; tiavelern acco'Uatea.
GEART. rr.S— Elegant sunny parlors; riario!
r-ther *unr.y. rooms; privilege lleht housekeep-
ing:; I'hone.
nithrd tunny room?, single or suites; reasonbl.
FOI'RT::. KIH— -NTcrfy furnished rooms; $1
«pck and u;»; njod«rate; «ju!et.
m.\NKLIN. :<3— Sunny parlor; btcalelut and
dinner; hosr.e coc&ins; bath; $30 for 1
r.'.shed rms.. suHw, single; also unfurnished.
EXLIS. ris-»ul:- furr.'.sh^d rooms fov gents
or rer.ts and wives seokir.g permanent loca-
iicr..
FOLKOMJ 9G5.-car. Sih. (Th* Oliver)— New ly fur-
ROOMS TO LET — Fora, and Unfarn.
A— BRtrxSTVICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth-^Rooms
I.V- to $1 irv nlsht. Jl 13 to th per w«k, and
light bou^keeping ; open all night.
DCRXBTT. 1426 Market St. <013 No. 13S4)— T\ir-
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. ' 10:25 am
Healdsbuxr.
Lytton.
Oeysenrtlie. »
|:S0 pm »:C*am Cloverdalc. T:C pm «:Jopa
7-10 ami I Hopland I flO:IS aa»
«:30pra| 8:00 ami and LTklah. 1 T:«S pm| 1:29 pm
":30 am 10:25 aja
S :00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
|:Sopni • <:Wpa»
7:30 am 3:00 am Sonoma 9:15 ara s:(oasi
and
1:13 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. «:0S pm 8:» pa
T-JO am! 8:00 ami 110:40 am!lo:2S> an
1:30 prnj 5:00 pm| Sebastoool. | T:35 pm| «:iO pm
Ticket Office at (28 Market St.
Take the first train on the new
line leaving San Francisco at
.9 A. M. SUNDAY, Jnly 1.
Tickets good for sixty days and
sold on
JULY iancf-2.
AND BETI'RN, Tia the
Santa Fe Route
CHARLESTON, S.G.,
> FerrAssemblyman C. M. Belshaw. ilaay
friends gathered to pay the last tribute
to her memory. The services were con
ducted by Bishop Moreland. He read tha
beautiful burial service of the Episcopal
church and also offered prayers. Ttera
was no funeral sermon. A quartet con
sisting of Mrs. Adderson. Miss HowajL
Sam D. Mayer and Mr. Fleming sweetlW
sang "Nearer, My God;, to Thee," "Gat^
erlng Home" and "Abide With Me." Th«
casket was covered with flowers. Tn*
pallbearers were "W. C. Burnett. Mr. Car*
ter of Antioch, Charles Judson and !•. Q.
Marschutz.
Funeral of Mrs. Belshaw.
Funeral services for the late Mrs. Jenny
E. Belshaw took • place : yesterday after
noon at the family home at 1628 Jackson
street." : Mrs. : Belshaw ; was ; the widow of
the \ late \W., M, Belshaw > and mother of
Poolroom Cases Set.
The ".- cases " . of *-\ Harry Corbett," . Gus
Schwartz," D. J. = Crowley and John i Riley,
charged with' violating the poolselling, or-"
dlnanco, . were ' called In % Judge Conlan's
court yesterday. ,, The defendants ,de-
Consul Galicia Improving.
Felipe Galicia, the local Guatemalan
Consul General, has .been 'lll for . several
days. ~ Yesterday he : was reported^, im.
proving.
Preparing ; for St, John's Fair.
There was a good attendance at Mission
Parlor '¦' Hall;: last \ night } of . ; those of- St
John's Catholic parish who are interested
in the success of; the Dewey .Soda Foun
tain. This booth had^lts first entertain
ment to raisefunds from whlchthe'bootli
can be - equipped for the :•.• coming : fair,
which -will' be opened- about x the ¦•. first of
September, in St. - Mary's old college build
ing. * The! object : of.*. the fair: is .to raise
funds , to build the new church on Mission
street f, for r St.*' John's ; parish. ¦, < Heretofore
services have been held by; Father Brady
in -: the. old % college i building, but as : this
property 'is ;• not 'intended .» for v - a ; church
Slapped Her, Face.
, Mrs.- Charlotte* , Smith. 100S Natoma
street, went '¦ to see. her^ child's godfather,
.who Is employed by .'the ' Consumers' Ice
Company, yesterday,' and she alleges that
when she entered the place John Mc-
Gregor, the engineer, slapped;her on the
face and put her out. The only reason she
could assign for his conduct was that he
did, not like her child's godfather. She
got a warrant for McGregor's arrest on
the charge of , battery. ,
Deny Court's Eight to Punish.
H. C. Werner was before the Supreme
Court yesterday on a writ of .habeas cor
pus. Ho was Imprisoned . and fined for,
violating •an ordinance -passed by." the
North .Pasadena Sanitary; District In sell
ing liquor with*it a license. The attor
neys for the offender.; contended that the
Justice's Court of that place has no Jur
isdiction to ; try such a case certainly
no right to impose punishment. -In other
words, that the ; court .was . without Juris
diction. He further ; maintained that - the
State statutes do not glve__police author
ity«to sanitary . districts. . TrMs -was com
bated by the , legal representative of the
district. The matter was taken under
advisement. • • - .
Flags and Bunting.
Three-foot flags with 4V£-foot antique
polts and polished brass knobs, 25c'each.
Same flag with red, white and blue corra
gattd pole and gilt top, 35c each. • All
kinds of bunting, festooning and. patriotic
pictures. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market.*
Treasurer Brooks Served With a
Notice of Appeal in Suit
Just Decided. rv V
"Treasurer Brooks, was served yesterday
with notice of . an . Intended appeal to . the
Supreme Court from the decision rendered
by "Judge Hebbard ; that the St.. Mary's
Park fundis not' the result of a direct tax
levy.ahd'ls part of the general fund.; For
that reason Mr. Brooks will decline to pay
out •¦ any money from the fund until the
decision" on \ the appeal has been handed
down." » Attorneys Bishop and Wheeler/ for
Christian Reis, /in' whose name: the suit
was brought . against' the .Treasurer to re
strain him from paying moneys out of the
fund, .were granted -a stay of : execution,
for five 'days, and should -the appeal be
perfected ! it will tie- up - the $125,000 In
definitely. . . .
'Brooks says >that « he Is responsible to
his bondsmen and he- will not pay ;out a
dollar of the money until *the litigation
has .been settled. ;He says that he Is
placed in an awkward position in being
obliged to hold • up the demands of city
creditors. •He blames the Auditor for not
consenting to an appeal in the first suit
brought to test the status of the fund by
Patek & ; 'Co. He. says that the suit could
then ¦. have : -. been . settled, at once* In- the
court of final appeal.
DECLINES TO RELEASE
"ST. MARY'S PARK FUND
Senior Class of the California College
:iu ¦> Receive Their Diplomas
*.;.- of Graduation.
The first commencement exercises of
the California College of Osteopathy were
held last evening at Golden Gate Hall,
625 Sutter street. The following young la
dies received their diplomas from Joseph
A. Parker, IX 0.. president of the col
lege: . Sara Lockie-Brown. Louise Caro
line Heilbron, Agnes Gertrude Madden,
Llla" Sweet Martin, Cara Stiles Richards,
Carrie W. Shelton and Mary Victoria
Btuart. ¦
The following programme was ably, ren
dered: ,
Violin solo. • "Romance," from second con
certo (Weintaw-ski). Llewellyn Hushes, accom
panied by Mrs. George Ashley; Invocation. Rev.
Janw? 'K. -Harrison: piano solo. ¦ "Spinning
Song" (Wagner-IJszt). Mrs. George Ashley;
address. Hon. James G. Masulre; soprano solo,
(a).; "Spring. Time" (Relnhold Becker): (b)
/'Good Nigh?'- (Rubinstein). Miss Bertha Fra
nces Wadlinm. accompanied by Mr. Bennett: ad
dress to- *raduates.-.Wlllard P. Burke. M. T>. :
presentation of-dlplomas. President Joseph A.
Parker. D. , 0. ;,. violin solo. •'Zigeunerwelscn"
(Sarnsate), Lltwellyn Hughes, accompanied by
Mrs. George Ashley; benediction. Rev. Jamc-s
X. :, Harrison. . .
YOUNG LADIES FINISH
COURSE IN OSTEOPATHY
CYCLERS TO HAVE
A PATH TO SAN MATEO
Movers in' the Project Elect Officers
and Committees Have Been Ap
pointed : to Baise Funds.
.The executive . committee of the new
San Francisco Cycle Path Association met
last night at Its headquarters in the Par
rott .building and ; elected the following
named permanent -officers:
President,. ;' Edward B. Learning; vice
president,' Charles Albert Adams; .treas
urer, Robert M.' Welch; secretary, .C. ' N.
Ra vlin.' The president ', appointed the fol
lowing named 'as. a , permanent ; finance
committee: W.J. Kenney, Judge Frank
H. Kerrigan* I.H. Allen. Edwin; Goeller
and Joseph Holle." - This-«ommittee "is to
select twenty-five additional members, the
entire committee -to 'assume full charge
of financing the San Mate'o cycle path pro
ject. - President • Learning: also appointed
the following permanent; route committee:
C. N. Ravlln (chairman),' H. G. Monteale
gre, T. J. Spillane, W. J. Cornell, <S. O.
Scovern and William- Mackie^ .. ,
v One of the plans proposed after the com
pletion of the -path is. to ; enclose <it ana
allow, only those who have contributed to
the construction' of ¦ the path to use it; A
gate .will ' bo erected . at . the opening In
charge of a keeper. ;No . definite action
regarding this was taken last: night; but
everything pertaining ,to; ways and' means
was left to; the finance committee.
The next! meeting will be held > on' July
11,, at which time: the final, report of the
route committee "will =¦ be - considered. -
manded a trial by jury,* and the cases
were set for Monday afternoon at 2
o'clock.
building the father and the members of
his flock have . resolved to erect a build
ing of their own adjacent to the tem
porary location " where -they have been
worshiping;
The booth will be under the manage
ment-of Mrs. Mary Supple, assisted by
the Misses F. Slattery, L.- Mitchell, M.
McHugh and K. E. Supple. ' .
Those who participated in the entertain
ment last night ' were : T. O'Brien, Sarah
McCall, T. P. Nowlan. Daniel Sheerin Jr..
Miss Rose Broderick, Joseph Hanson,
Miss Mary Murphy, Mrs. E. Burns, J.
Murphy and Hobart Kavanagh.
To Lecture for a Worthy Cause.
Henry Austin Adams , will deliver an
other lecture at Metropolitan Temple
next Monday night. His subject will be
"The No\-el," and the proceeds will bo
donated to the Francesca Training School
of St. Ignatius Church. . The training
school is conducted by the Francesca Re
lief Society, and at present 170 mothers
and 250 children are taught to sew and
do general housework. The garments
made by the pupils in the school are given
to the poor. . .
The managers of the school are Miss
M. Mellls and Mrs. M. Stevens, and th»
ladies in charge of classes are Mrs. Any
drew Welch. Mrs. Eugene Lent, Mrs.
Willis Polk. Mrs. Douglas, Mrs. Harrison
Smith, Mrs. Zlegler, Miss Julia Peyton,
Miss Laonlde McKinnon. Miss Hyde, Miss
Burnett, Miss Knox, Miss Butler, Misa
Salazars. Miss Finlay and Miss Skidmoro.
General admission to the lecture will ba
25 cents, with reserved seats 25 cents ex
tra. Tickets may be obtained at the of
fice of the Monitor, St. Ignatius College'
Mrs. Coughlln's millinery store on Mar
ket street, the residence of the Paulist
Fathers, Gallagher's book store on Mc-
Allister street and Keefe's music store at
Van Ness avenue and Geary street.
Warden Wilkinson Must Release
Convict A. J. Strickland Despite
the Judgment of the Court. *
A. J. Strickland was Convicted of an as
sault with a deadly weapon in Stanislaus
County, In December, 1898, for which he
was sentenced to two years' imprisonment
in the State Prison at Folsom and to pay
a fine of $5000. The term has expired and
"Warden Thomas Wilkinson wrote to At
torney General Tirey L». Ford for advice as
to the other matter. The Warden desired
to know If he should hold the prisoner until
this fine is paid. The Attorney. General,
in an opinion rendered •' yesterday, holds
that the Warden must release the prison
er at the expiration of his term of im
prisonment without regard to the fine im
posed by the court; that the payment of
the fine cannot be enforced by further im
prisonment and must be collected other
wise.
CANNOT IMPRISON A
PERSON FOR A FINE
Ullle Hirschfeld was granted a divorce
yesterday from 'Walter Hirschfeld on frhe
ground of cruelty. Decrees of divorce
have also been granted Minnie M. Py
bone from William H. PyDone and Mary
Greenfeld from Ifiador Greenfeld for
cruelty. Suits for divorce have been filed
by Mary A. Dunbar against Robert C.
Dunbar for desertion. Edith Frances May
against Frank G. May for desertion, and
Ahtonita Lyman against James Lyraan
for desertion.
In the Divorce Court.
STARTED TO BREAK UP
A PAWNBROKER'S SHOP
Mrs. Lilly Scharer Is Arrested on a
Charge of Disturbing the
Peace.
Mrs. Lily Scharer. the divorced wife of
Louis Scharer. pawnbroker, on Market
street, near Polk, went to his store yes
terday morning, accompanied by her
daughter, a girl IS years of age. Mrs.
Scharer proceeded to give her opinion of
Echarer In strong language and finished
up by smashing his showcase and other
things Policeman Xolting was called In
and Mrs. Scharer was taken to the City
Prison, where a charge of disturbing the
peace was booked against her. Her daugh
ter went with her. but Scharer declined
to make a charge against her.
Scharer said that he had been annoyed
by the woman for years and he had borne
it without a murmur, but he was getting
tired of it and thought It was time she
was taught a lesson. The daughter went
to the warrant clerk's office to ball her
mother out. but owing to Mrs. Scharer's
condition it was deemed advisable to de
tain her in prison till the afternoon, when
she was released. She said that when she
quarreled with Scharer she always be
came hysterical and did not know what
she was doing.
THE monster benefit for the Sweerfey
fund comes off to-day and the Grand
Opera-house is to be the . scene of
¦what will probably prove to be the
greatest grathering ever assembled within
the walls of a local playhouse.
Although all returns are not yet In and
ffubscriptionp to the noble caure continue
to accumulate It is now almost an as
sured thlnjr that 115.000 will be placed to
the credit of the widow and cfeildren of
the brave fireman.
Mrs. Bweezzey Is deeply gTateful for whatf
the public is doing for her anS hers. It
is a RTfltitude that she can find no words
to express; It has an outlet in choking
sobs and tears.
"Everybody has been so good to us all,"
she said last night. "I am so very grate
ful, but I can find no words in which to
express all I feel.
"I have not thought at all yet what I
rhall do with the money," she -went on to
explain. "I have had so much else to
think about. I only know that I should
like to get a comfortable little home
where the children would be happy. 1
know nothing whatever about business or
the handling of large sums of money. I
would not want to handle the money
carelessly, so I hope that Chief Sullivan
will take charge of the fund and invent
it as he thinks wisest and best. 1 have
only one desire In life, to do what Is best
for the children. Their father left them a
noble heritage, a name that is honored
by all, and 1 want to do everything for
them bo that they may be accredit to
that name."
Yesterday afternoon the artists who are
to take part in the monster benefit had
a dress rehearsal and everything -went
without a hitch from start to finish. The
Musicians' Protective Union has signified
its intention of helping along the splendid
programme and will send a band of thirty
pieces' to assist Walter Jones in his great
"Sousa" act.
There are thirty-seven box seats to be
disposed of. These will be placed on sale
this morning- at the rate of $5 apiece.
Five exchange tickets will also entitle the
holder to a box seat. •
Yesterday's subscriptions to the fund
amounted to 5194 SO. They were as fol
lows:
Mrs. H., Honolulu % 5 00
Mrs. 11. Stryburg 20 00
V\\ C. Billlnßton 100
Cayh 100
Meese-Gottfried Company 20 00
Four Little Children 110
Collected by Fred G. Glander, grocer, 133
Clementina street 6 55
Four Little Children ..: 2 05
Subscriptions received by Chief Sullivan
yesterday:
Employes Bryant-street power house. $15 50:
Etanford Parlor. N. S. G. W.. J2O; Main &
Winchester. $15; A. J. Prager & Sons, J10;
Mrs. Alexander Helns, $5; J. D. Murphy. $1;
Dr. Warner. |2 50: R. Fpreekels, $3; caeh, 25
e*nts; Thomas Molloy. $10; Royal Market, $2;
Ah Jim 25 cents; Captain J. 11. MeMenomy,
J"0- Joseph Gates. $lf>: previously acknowl
edged, $3700 CO; total. JJS2S 10.
The subscription fund up to date
amounts to JCS36 Co.
B. JATJXTTE, WHO WTLIi LEAD THE BETTEETT ORCHESTRA.
The Woodmen of the World have signi
fied that they will take part In the semi
centennial celebration of the admission
of California. It is proposed to organize
the past officers of the local camps for
the occasion and It is probable that they
will turn out mounted. Two or three drill
teams will turn out In uniform and it Is
expected that the Woodmen will parade
two or three floats. The local camps ex
pect to turn out uniformed men, each car
rying an ax, and it is probable that the
number of these will be'flve hundred. The
ladies who compose the order of Women
of "Woodcraft will turn out In carryalls.
The following- letter, telling- what has
been done by Army and Navy Parlor of
the Native Sons of the Golden West, com
.posed exclusively of men who served in
the Philippines, has been received by
Grand Marshal Costello from Frank S.
Drady, chairman of the 1900 committee of
the parlor:
I have the honor to submit to you the follow
ing as the complete arrangements for Army and
Navy Parlor's participation in the coming
Seml-Centennlal Admission day celebration.
The parlor will parade one hundred strong.
The members will be attired- Jn the regulation
army khaki uniform. -campaign hats and leg
gings. American and Bear flags will be carried
during the line of march. The parlor will be
accompanied by a band of thirty pieces, the
members of which will likewise be attired, in
khaki uniforms. A feature of the parlor's ap
pearance on the day of the grand parade win
be a handsome float typical of life in the Phil
lppine Islands.
In addition I -would state that Army and
Navy Parlor has secured headquarters In Mem
orial Hall, Odd Fellows' fcunaim?, and has ar
ranged for an elaborate programme of events
for the celebration. One of the attractions at
the parlor* c headquarters will be an elaborate
exhibition of "Filipino" curiosities. The mem
bers of Army and Navy Parlor are working
zealously for the success of the celebration and,
although but lately organized, Intend giving as
good an account of themselves as any of the
older porlors.
Olympus Parlor gave an entertainment
and dance In Devisadero-street hall last
Wednesday night In aid of its 1900 fund.
There was a large attendance and quite a
sum was realized to enable this parlor
to make a very creditable showing in the
celebration. There was an interesting'
programme of the vaudeville order prior
to the dancing. The members of this par
lor Intend to bring out special features
In the parade.
Hesperian Parlor has decided upon a
few interesting features to spring on the
citizens on the morning of the parade.
The members have adopted a neat uni
form. They will be preceded by a band of
thirty pieces and will carry their magni
ficent banner on a -new rubber-tired ban
ner stand. The parlor expects to turn out
from 75 to 100 men. The Hesperlans will
have headquarters at Valencia and Six
teenth streets and will entertain, being
assisted by the members of Las Lomas
Parlor of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West.
The Alcalde Drill* Corps. Captain John
Staude. has adopted a beautiful uniform,
which It will display in the parade. It
is of dark blue with white trimmings and
Is exceedingly attractive. This corps, to
gether with the members of the parlor,
'will make a fine showing.
At the meeting of Mission Parlor- No.
38 last Wednesday there was a gTeat deal
of enthusiasm in regard to the celebra
tion. The members contributed a conslr
erable sum of money for the purpose and
adopted a uniform of dark fine blue cloth
fatigue coat, white duck pantaloons and
gray military hat. The parlor expects to
turn out a hundred men. T. HcGowan
a member, will furnish a float.
The parlor in Visalla has signified Its
intention to participate in the parade. It
will have headquarters In this city and
has made arrangements to have a largo
quantity of fruit from that county for
distribution to those who will visit ths
place chosen by the VisaJlans. .
The finance committee will meet this
afternoon to receive the acceptances and
declinations of those who have been
named as collectors.
Notes About the Parts Several Par
lors and the Woodmen "Will
Take in the Grand
Celebration.
Heroes of the' Philippine?
State What They' Will
Do for the Parade.
VETERANS OF
SPANISH WAR TO
BE IN THE VAN
WANTS THE CHIEF
TO HANDLE MONEY
More Than Fifteen Thousand Dollars
for Sweeney's Widow and
Little Children.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ifBIDAY, JUNE 29, 1900.
12
• II I P ii b ra H*\ t< Bif B 'Bw la H w H JH^ vII I uli jtj H Hi "^ [^~ -
If. I I'jfr H H fit H Ar ML. Jf *lm Vjg^r JLL I\^r " 2jj >-¦ '"-^
M '' ~ '• §
rm A DAY AND NIGHT FIREWORKS \ SS||S I W%
¦¦ Sm D ISP LA V GIVEN FREE ¦ I SiSii^3S I W S
- Jf r-z.--r€sLir -z.--r€sLi £j eluding these big values, your -m : $Sf(
- /if —^~> iMfi-ru \srkim r-rtim-rn r%r~ 1111 v cmiiti li b °y will have his n'gbt aod £ -^-
-Jti WITH YOUR EOURTH-OF-JULY SUIT! B. day greworKs display given 3 Ac
z.' ¦ j^~ • Beginning to-day and lasting through Tuesday, July 3d, till 10:30 p. m., with every S^S; "^
II -z^S^ purchase on our second floor, in our. Juvenile Dzparliwint, you will reQzivz a box of Fire- — •
Z. 3H works— Fireworks of the highest grade only—containing thz following : •/*
S Three Packages of Firecrackers. One-Quarter Dozen Blue Lights.
b g One Pack Electric Torpedoes, 25 in One-Quarter Dozen Small Whistles-
a Box. - One Miniature Report Battery. fe g
xi Wm One-Quarter Dozen 2-Star Candles. One-Quarter Dozen 3-Inch Serpents S
2| One Box Nickel Red Fire. or Chasers. g
>;- J^S ooooooooooooooooocoooooo A r^t\
1\ THE FRISCO BOYS \
yl^^^^^^^^y^ Corner Kearny Street and Union Square Avenue \ V
THE SUMMER MONTHS
ARE GOOD MONTHS FOR
Golf Skirts,
Ladies' Organdie
Skirts and Waists,
misses' Skirts,
Made of Pique and Crash.
You know we can supply any Qf
these to your complete satisfaction.
I. MAGNIN & CO.
. 840 Market St., Opp. Fourth,
MANUFACTURERS.
Ladles* tailor-made . BUiti. eilk sktrti, fur
c&pea; liberal credit. 11. P.othschild. G2fl Sutter.*,
Lawn and Percale Wrap-
pers 95c Each.
A splendid lot, all this season's
styles, in light and dark colors;' all
sizes, 22 to 42; worth $1.25 and
$1.50; on sale in our basement.
Silk Waists.
Special $4.50.
An opportunity to buy $8.00 and
$10.00 waists for $4.50. There are
nearly a hundred waists in the lot,
not all sizes, not all colors, odd lines
taken from regular stock to close
out.
Price $1 and $2 Each.
Lady Smith Outing Hats.
A large shipment of the new and
popular Lady Smith Outing Hats,
in all colors, just received. We have
them with the PJain and Roman
Bands.
Trimmed Hats for Children
$2.00 Each.
We have been busy getting these
hats ready for Fourth of July sell-
ing. There arc many pretty styles
among them, including the fluted
brim straw hats, with the large rib-
bon bows in all colors.
$5.00
$10.00
Trimmed
Hats
$5.00 Each.
A \-istt to our millinery showroom will convince any woman of dis-
criminating taste thav we have the most becoming Trimmed Hats in the
most becoming styles to be found in San Francisco. We will "offer Fri-
day and Saturday over two hundred handsome Trimmed Hats. Every
one of these Hats offered in this sale was made to sell at just twice the
price. They include all the popular and becoming styles in the best
colors of this season, including Black. This will be the Hat event of
this season. Choose from the entire two hundred at
! Cor. Geary and Grant Aye r
ADVERTISEMENTS.