PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVTLI— NO. 15.
m^he Democracy of California, In convention , assembled, for purposes pertaining to the ensuing
[• cctlortcl eleetloa, 're'eerve ' all ' deelarfttlona npon ' State tunes until the nezt'State convention for
•*¦ the Eo=ai=s.tlca oi Presidential 'electora, e=d Conine sill prccent cipreentono to catloaal'aflBlri
or those Intimately associated therewith.
We reaSrm the principles of Jeffencnian Democracy as C3T!ne!&ted in the p!r.tfcra adopted by
the Zs«t Jfatlonal Democratic Convention.
We deaasd seen an csesdment to Cte constitution of the United States es Trill pro-ride for an
Income tax.
We favor an amendment to the constitution of the United States reqnlrlnc the election of
(.'sited State* Senators by a direct vote of the people. . . . . ¦ ""
We favor the Immediate 'construction and the control and protection of the Slccragna canal
by the United States. * V V^
\\> extend to the people of the South African republics our sympathy In their heroic struggle
to prnrrrc their national integrity ejid to vindicate the immutable principle that goyernnent« de
rive their Just poirem from the consent of the aroverned, and we, therefore, condemn the present Be
pcbllcan r.dmlnf.itration for Its unfriendly attitude toward those republics.
We are unalterably opposed, to. imperialism in any form.
We condemn the Porto Rlean tariff law recently enacted by the present Republican Congresi
as a bold and open violation of the nation's organic law and a flagrant breach of gbodfoith.
We r.sscrt thst the constitution follows the tlr.r,, and we denounce the doctrine that an execu
tive or a Congress, created and limited by the constitution, can exercise lawful authority beyond
that constitution or in violation of It. Believing that n. nation cannot Ions; endure part republic and
part empire, we oppose warn of conquest and colonial possession.
We favor the Immediate abolition of all unnecessary war taxes. '.-..¦
The Democratic party has repeatedly, called the attention of the country to the (Trowing danger
of large combination* of capital, which absorb tbe business of a nation, check enterprise and '.re
strict end stunt individual 'effort and opportunity. These evils, so often predicted, are" now fnlly
realized, and the vast trusts which now control' the Industries of the conntr)' will, in the near fn
tnre, openly dominate, an they now secretly manipulate, all governmental agenclei, nnleiR bya change
in the political complexion of the -Government and the enactment of lair* ,Ior their suppression they
are deprived of further opportunity -for : the -Injury and enslavement of the 'people. We therefore
pledge ourselves to wage an unceasing warfare against all trusts as dangerous foen to f!ic peace, .well
beinsr and prosperity of tbe people, and we demand the repeal of all laws giving specie! ; privileges 'to
any person, class, locality or. Interest. ¦• " " '-.'sY-i? S~~.
We favor the re-enactment and' Improvement of the Chinese exclusion act and the enactment of
such laws r.s will exclude all Asiatic labor. We call attention to the. inconsistency ,of the Republican
party, which, while imposing? extraragaat taxation upon the masses, of the American ; people/ for . the
benefit of favored interests, antler the frulse -of ¦ protecting American labor, Is at tbe nametlme par
sulng a policy which, If successful, must .result In bringing the American toller Into direct competi
tion with millions of unasslmllated Asiatics. ;'.*:..- . ¦ .
We congratulate the Democracy upon' the selection of W. R. Hearst to be president of ; the Na
tional Association of Democratic Clubs. And we heartily commend .the able efforts of his two Journals,
tbe San Francisco Examiner and the Xew York Journal, in advocating Democratic principles and cham
pioning the candidacy" of William J. Bryan for ; President of the United States. ~; We /recognise the
rplrndld ability and unswerving integrity. of William J. Bryan, and .we heartily Indorse him for Pres
ident of the United States,* and hereby Instruct the delegates elected by this convention to use all hon
orable means to secure his nomination. 111111 ''
convention .'for the Vice Presi
dential nomination. It is fair to
assume that he did not suspect
that such an indorsement would
have any other meaning than to
tickle his vanity, but he wanted
the empty honor, and for weeks
his employes have been laboring
to win'^ it for. him. ' They worked
quietly; and hoped by exciting no
comment to grasp the prize with
out protest. .They. were literally
planning to steal the indorsement
of the Yellow Kid from the con
vention. They came to Sacra
mento. with a blare of trumpets.
They induced three prominent
Democrats to act in the doubtful
capacity of "special commis
sioners," -whatever that may
mean,- in the home of the Yellow
•Kid. They • told what a great
convention was to assemble at
Sacramento.; They flattered, ca
joled, pleaded, and to-night there
is' sadness and sorrow in their
camp.
HEARST BAFFLED.
Hearst was denied the prize he
sought. The CaH ¦ exposed the
scheme this morning and the con
vention; reeled back from the
precipice, of: absurdity; toward
which it; was plunging.
The committee on platform and
resolutions decided that the Dem
ocracy of California cannot go
so far.as tojndorse the Yellow
Kid in his ambition. There was a
battle royal to-day in the commit
tee when Hearst's name was
suggested. Leading Democrats
whose sense of the ridiculous is
keen protested against saddling
the Democracy of California with
the Hearst individuality. They
spoke plain, and it must be said
bluntly. Mr. Hearst would not
have been pleased with the pict
ure which his Democratic friends
drew of him. His partisans were
frightened from their position and
they were more than gratified
when the committee agreed, in a
desire to heal the wound of de
feat, to commend Hearst to the
goodwill of Democrats for his
fidelity, financial and otherwise,
to the Democratic party.
WAS A HUGE JOKE.
. The decision of the committee
was a long cry from a Vice Pres
idential indorsement, but Mr.
Hearst's employes, it must be
said/ are taking the outcome phil
osophically. Indeed,- they were
Inclined to look upon the affair as
others saw it, a huge joke, in-
iSTATE CHAIRMAN MANN OPENING THE DEMOCRATIC eONVENTlON
CALL n K A DQ.r A RTER S.
SACHAMESTO. Jnne 14.
— IVli-cate* at Larpc—
James D. Phelan, San Fran
cine©; Stephen 31. Whlt«*. I>o«
Arsclr*! J« C Mag-nlre, San
Francisco; M. F. Terpey, Ala
meda.
Consrrwiional District Del
rC 8«-v First District J. S.
Street of Santa Rosa and Sen
ator C. F. Foster of Tehama.
«e><-©nd District O. AV. Cnr
ailrhapl of S^ cnrarito and
John M. Woods of Stockton.
Third District — James A.
K<-?« of Hainan and Frank
Frr-t-zximti ot Glean.
Fonrtb District — Curtis
BlUjner and Charles Edelman
of *»~n l'riinrl'co.
Fifth Dt«trl«r» J»«i»»r Mo-
Donald of Ssa Francisco and
Jame* II. Henry of San Jose.
Milh Dixtrlct K. F. del
Valle of l.«»* Ancelrs anil
John 31cGonlg!e of Ventura.
Seventh District — \V. X. .Mc-
Faddrn of Orange and II. A.
CALL HEADQ UAR
TERS, SACRAMENTO,
June 14. — The Demo
cratic State Convention has met
and adjourned. The delegates
are talking to-night- of the bat-
ties that were lost and won and
in the glass of good fellowship
party quarrels and excitement
are forgotten. The political
body which has held the interest
of the city for a day met to elect
delegates to the National Demo
cratic Convention, and it is safe
to say that nine out of every ten
hurrahing Democrats do, not
know the names of the men they
have chosen to represent the
Democracy of the State at Kan
sas City. The election of na
tional delegates became in the
convention a matter of minor
concern and to-night gossiping
Democracy is confiding to itself
the results of the big meeting.
SIGNIFICANT RESULTS.
This convention will long be
remembered in the councils of
the Democracy of California as
an assemblage of more than ordi
nary interest. It accomplished
three positive and significant re
sults.
It registered the political death
of James D. Phelan, the Mayor of
San Francisco.
It repudiated, with an asser-
THE KANSAS CITY
, DELEGATES.
spired in the best of good humor
and never intended to be serious.
While they are inclined to
take this view, of -the -.situation,
their special commissioners do
not. This interesting group ot
yellow kids has surprised its
friends in the convention. The
most humorous aspect of the ap
pearance of the kids here is per
j haps involved in the fact that
they take themselves seriously..
They give painful indications
that the burden of the pen is
heavy upon them. By common
ex-Governor Budd was
shorn to-day of his prerogative
as censor in chief. Last night he
labored long and earnestly with
Maguire in an effort to dissuade
him from-" writing anything. Il
Maguire has learned anything it
is that ink, even when inoculated,
should be used with discretion.
But last night he turned a dear
ear to the pleadings of Budd and
the result was that the other com-
missioner, waiting for the censor
ship, failed to prepare his liter
ary effusion in time for the Yel
low Kid. Maguire was disheart
ened, Budd was disgusted. Phc-
Ian was insulted and the Yellow
Kid was thrown upon his own re
sources.
As a result he overlooked the
news of the convention and wa3
chagrined this morning to read
in The Call the platform and
nominees of the convention, the
name of the chairman of the new
State Central Committee and the
expose of his own schemes. So
he determined upon a reorgani
zation of the special commission
ers, and Mayor Phelan was elect
ed commissioner in chief. And
the arrangement was just. As an
observer remarked, the editor of
the yellow sheet of San Francisco
has. acted for a long time as the
Mayor of the metropolis and it
was no more than common jus
tice to permit the Mayor of San
Francisco, for a short time, to act
as editor of the yellew sheet.
PHELAN SNUBBED.
With this honor Mayor Phelan
must rest content. He has re
ceived none other from the con
vention which has just adjourned.
He has played no part in its de
liberationSf he has done nothing
to suggest or dictate its policy.
McNah Is the Hew Demo
cratic Boss o! the State
and Is Now in Posses
sion oi the Party Ma
chinery.
White, Mapire, Tar
peyandPhelanAre
Elected Delegates
at Large to Kansas
City— Phelan Cuts a
Sorry Figure Among
His Fellow Demo
crats.
Leaders Would Not Permit
the Saddling oi the De
mocracy oi California
Witn tbe Hearst Indi
viduality.
Battle Royal in Com
mittee Men Name
oi Saffron Sheet's
Owner Is Suggest
ed, Resulting in a
Victory lor Those
WhoFouptApinst
Indorsement.
tion as emphatic as it was unex
pected; the absurd claims of Will
iam R. Hearst to party favor and
adulation.
It recorded the complete vie-
tory of Gavin McNab as the Dem
ocratic boss of the State and his
possession of the party ma
chinery.
The humiliation of the pro-
prietor of the yellow sheet Of San
Francisco constitutes perhaps
the most interesting develop
ment of the convention. Hearst
wanted the indorsement of the
Futile Labors of Employes of William R. Hearst Who Planned to Steal Vice
Presidential Indorsement From the Convention— Gathering Registers
the Political Death of the Little Mayor of San Francisco.
CALIFORNIA DEMOCRATS EMPHATICALLY REPUDIATE
ABSURD CLAIM OF THE YELLOW KID JOURNALIST
The San Francisco Call.
PLATFORM OF THE CALIFORNIA DEMOCRACY.vince himself that politics is a
game worth knowing.
McNab has not only absorbed
the organization of the Demo
cratic party in the State but he
has reached out his grasping fin
gers and laid them upon national
politics. He has dictated who
shall be the chairman of the
Democratic delegation to Kansas
City, and he has given the honor
to Stephen M. White. With the
same apparent unconcern which
has characterized all of his ac
tions, McNab has named the rep
resentative of California on the
Democratic National Committee,
and by his courtesy Jasper Mc-
Donald will receive that honor.
When some of the protesting
leaders were fighting to-day
against the appointment.- of a
State Central Committee, Mc-
Nab was an interested spectator.
He knew better than his oppo
nents what their policy should
have been, and when they, in an
effort to save themselves from
absolute defeat, attempted to
amend tne proposed organiza
tion of the State Central Commit
tee by giving to each Congres
sional district three delegates in
stead of two, McNab was honest-
lan, commissioner extraordinary
for the Yellow Kid, communed
with himself in an effort to con-
journed to-night he had won the
only significant victory of the
session. And then Mavor Phc-
to McNab that he has taught pol
iticians the lesson of an unbend
ing rod of authority. He named
the chairman, he chose the com
mittees, he dictated the policy ot
organizers and platform makers.
He made himself absolute mnster
of the situation and apparently
without effort seized the Demo
cratic organization for the nex-t
two years.
. Some of the leaders in the con
vention fought strenuously to
day against the appointment of a
State Central Committee, which
is the impelling machinery of the
party. McXab gave his order
that a State Central Committee
should be chosen and the oppos
ing leaders discovered that their
protests had been in vain. The
committee was elected. McNab
had won the only victory in
which he was concerned. He has
possession of the party machin
erv. When the convention ad-
Not the least interesting phase
of the convention which has just
adjourned was the part played by
Gavin McNab. Conventions
have been dominated before by
bosses, but it must be conceded
McNAB' S DOM/NATION.
CONVENTION REFUSES TO [\[
DECLARE FOR MAINTENANCE
OF SOVEREIGNTY IN PHILIPPINES
>^ALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, June ,
\j 14. — J. Marion Brooks made a gallant struggle to ob
tain a declaration from the convention that the sov- '
ereignty of the United States should be maintained in the <
Philippines and that the obligations of the treaty should be
respected. Delegates sought to avoid the issue by suppress
ing the resolution, but Brooks was persistent. He declared i
that California was in favor of giving good government to
the Philippines, intimating that any political party that de
clared otherwise or failed to express its principles* on the 5
subject named had no show of winning the Legislature. <
When the Brooks resolution vvas read as an amendment to
the report of the platform committee there was a storm of '
dissent. Mention of Admiral Dewey as a Jeffersonian Dem- <
ocrat failed to evoke applause. The delegates were full of
resentment growing out of the suggestion that the flag .
should float over the islands. By an overwhelming vote the s
amendment was rejected. * '
If he can read as others he can
translate .out of the convention
results the registration of his
own political death. He was con
sulted upon nothing. He accept
ed what others were willing to
give to him and the empty honor
of becoming a national delegate
was his simply because his per
sonality was not interesting
enough to prompt an organized
antagonism. Mayor Phelan is in
that peculiar condition of being
politically overfed. His greed for
power has gorged and when the
convention adjourned to-night he
had received his last feast at the
party board.
ly amused. He had prepared de
liberately for {he trap and in
seeming to grant a concession
had absorbed more power. The
enthusiastic delegates who want
ed three representatives instead
of two forgot that four of the
Congressional districts border on
San Francisco Bay. The dele
gates won their point and Mc-
Nab gained more complete
power over the committee which
he already controlled.
DEMOCRATIC WORKS
IN CHARGE OF McNAB
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. June 14.— Delegates began to as
semble at the pavilion as early as 10
o'clock, the time appointed for the conven
tion to meet. Fifty-five minutes later the
chairman of the State Central Committee
claimed their attention. The waiting time,
however, was not wasted, as there was a
j rush of business at the secretary's desk
: in recording the long list of proxies. In
; little throngs within the pavilion and in
j the sunlight outside the Democrats dis
i cussed the programme and figured on the
I chances of getting through the work In
| hand some time this evening. Those who
cared to individualize noted that little Jim
Phc-lan, the smallest cf the Jim trio of
Yellow Kid special -commissioners, wore
a natty straw hat with a trolley. The
j silkf n tile of the plug shape was put aside
j early this mornlr.g. as an Intimation had
been thrown out that Gavin McNab did
1 not approve'of the wearing of silk hats
! at the forenoon session of a Democratic
j State gathering. It vras oDserved that
j Charles W. Fay, the Mayor's private Civil
I Service Commissioner, was inclined to
j burn incense in the immediate proximity
j of Mr. McNab. The clever Scotch boss
! did not encourage Fay in this diversion.
| It was recognized that the Mayor's daily
j allowance of sweet incense should not be
; suddenly cut en*. The quantity admin
: iFtered may be daily diminished until the
: Mayor is able to get along without It Of
! course, the Mayor of San Francisoo will
! feel lonely and sad without either in
! cense or Phelonic plague, but in his lone
j liness and sorrow he may devote himself
! to yellow literature.
McNab Head Boss.
Every one on the Inside recognized early
j this morning that Gavin McNab had cap
j tured the Democratic works. He is boss
| In-chief of all, the clans. When Senator
I Sims was proclaimed chairman of the
! committee on plans to organize the party
\ for the campaign, even the rank outsider
J perceived the skilled manipulation of
i Gavin McNab. Fr.-ink H. Gould enter
! tained a fleeting fancy that he (Gould)
would be a good man to prepare the cam
paign plans and ultimately achieve the
j honor cf serving as chairman of the Dem
• ocratic State Central Committee. His
| fond hopes were abruptly shattered when
| Bryan's double from Visalia appointed the
j Sonoma Senator, Sims, to the chairman-
ship of the committee. Gould must have
been shocked as well as surprised, because
it was on his own motion that the con
vention authorized the chair to appoint
the committee of eleven to present plans
for the management of the campaign.
Gavin McNab accorded to Frank Gould
the henor of placing E. C. Farnsworth in
nomination for chairman of the conven
tion. The discriminating Scotch boss dif-
fused his favors and gave to Ed E. Leake
of Yolo the sweet solace of seconding, on
J>ehalf of the tules, the man from Tulare
who bears such a striking. resemblance to
Bryan. V',:
Frank Gould's speech deploring the de
parture of the rulers of the country from
principles cherished by the framers of the
Declaration of Independence was the same
kind of a speech that the critics of Jeffer
son made when the statesman of Monti
cello proposed to add the country west of
the Mississippi River to the national do
main. Statesmen of the Gould size were
then convinced that the constitution would
never be expanded to cover territory so
far west and south.
Double of the Boy Orator.
When E. C. Farnsworth marched to the
platform escorted by Delegates Gould and
Leake he looked the veritable double. of
Bryan. His hair was arranged a la Bryan.
He had the Bryan stride and the Bryan
habit of opening his mouth to address an
audience. There the resemblance ended.
The silvery tone was missing and the
mental capacity to put thoughts Into
words wa"v absent. It was the gossip that
FarnEworth was made up for the occasion,
and many regretted that the makeup was
not extended.
PROCEEDINGS OF
THE CONVENTION
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, June 14.— At 10:55 a. m. Seth
Mann, 'chairman of t the Democratic State
Central Committee, rapped the conven
tion to order. He spoke as follows:
" Gentlemen and Fellow. Democrats: We have
assembled here to-day, pursuant to .the call <jf
the Democratic National 'Comaalttee. for the
purpose of electing delegates to the Democratic
National Convention, which meets in Kansas
City on July 4th next*
I apprehend that the delegation that you shall
choose will be men whoorill stand for that
typical American, whose very name is a Demo
cratic platform, the Hon. William J. Bryan.
(Cheers.) Furthermore, . I apprehend-' that this
convention , will/ place itself in line with most
of the conventions that 'have; thus far 'assem
bled and nominated delegates and will make
thi» fjcroination for .the -Presidency ,. of. the
United State* as' near to the people as possible^ '
Organization Committee's Report De
manded.
Mr. Gesford— I rise to a question of in
formation. I ask the chairman of the
committee on permanent organization and
order of business If they have a report to
make.
The Chairman — They have a report to
make.
Mr. Oesford— Then I move that we take
up that report.
D. G. Reid of Shasta— Gentlemen of the
convention, the committee on resolutions
came here with a request by a vote to
you that you will give them the justice
and right of being here when any proposl.
tion is voted on that 13 of importance. Wo
appointed a sub-committee of six to draft
resolutions; that committee 'was to report
to the entire committee at 4 o'clock. They
instructed the members by a vote to com»
here and ask this convention not to do
any business except to receive the reports
of the committee on credentials and the
committee on permanent organization,
and that where there was any contest
that matter might go over until the full
convention could be present. And in .us
tice we ask you to do that. (Applause.)
Mr. Gessford — Mr. Chairman, I press my
request. In accordance with the state
ment of the gentleman who Just left the
platform we are entitled now to a report
of that committee on permanent organi
zation and order of business. If there Is
any contest that can be disposed of after
ward. The gentleman who has Just left
the platform stated if there was a contest
the committee on resolutions would like to
be heard. Let us hear the report. We
can determine then whether there is a
contest or not. Let us expedite matters
and receive that report at least— and I
now demand it of the committee.
The Chairman— The question is on th©
motion to take a recess until 5 o'clock.
Are you ready for the question?
Major Moore— I rise to a point of order.
My understanding of the motion is that
when the convention adjourns it adjourns
to meet at 5 o'clock and not now to take a
recess. I want to say to the chair while
on my feet, talking about the committee
on resolutions— but one single resolution
has been offered for that committee to
decide, and I take it that the committee
is now working upon something: without
knowing what it is that this convention
wants them to pas3 upon. I hope before
we leave here that the members of thia
convention will have an opportunity to
offer resolutions to that committee, other
wise we are sitting here with a commit
tee on resolutions and only one resolution
before It from this convention.
Delegate McKinnon — I second the motion
of Senator Gessford. I am a member of
that committee on organization and order
of business. There is nothing before it
whatever. The committee Is ready to re
port. The report ousrht to be received,
and then, if anything springs out of it
that might need debate the motion of Mr.
Storke can come up.
Declined to Take a Recess.
The Chairman— The vote upon the mo
tion on the point of taking a recess will
determine that point. All those who are
In favor of taking a recess until 5 o'clock
will signify by saying aye. The motion
was lost.
The Chairman— The report of the com
mittee on permanent organization and or
der of business is in order. Is that com
mittee ready to report?
Chairman Fulkerth— I now present the
report of the committee on permanent
organization and order of business.
The secretary read the report, the same
being as follows:
We. your committee on permanent organiza
tion and order of business, beg leave to report
as follows: , m
First— We recommend that the temporary offi
cers of the convention be made the permanent
officers thereof. .
Second— That the following be adopted aa the
order of business, vis. r
First— Report of committee on resolutions.
• Second— Report of committee on organization
and Dlan of campaign.
Third— The election of four delegates at large
and the. election of four alternate delegates at
lariie to th# National Convention.
Fourth— Reports of the several Congressional
District Conventions on the selection of dele
gates and alternates to the National Conven
tion and consideration thereof.
Fifth— Election of a new State Central Cotn-
Stxtn— We recommend that all nominating
speeches, and all speeches In debate, be limited
to five minutes. Respectfully submitted,
to n%e minu FULKERTH. Chairman.
The Chairman— The question is on ta»
adoption of the report.
fiudge Storke— Now. Mr. Chairman. I
move that this convention take a recess
until 5 o'clock, because in that report that
has just been presented. Is a provision for
the election of a State Central Committee.
The laws of the State of California— the
primary law of this State, which governs
the election of a State Central Commit
tee—bear on this point.
Fairweather of Fresno— I make the mo
tion that we take up the report of the
committee on permanent organization
seriatim. Why I do tnis Is that we can
then pass upon every part until we come
to the disputed part, and if we then take
n recess we will only have the disputed
part to debate upon. Let us take- up the
balance. of the report.
The motion was put and carried.
The Chairman— The secretary will read
the first item of the report.
Mr Hillyer— 1 move you. Mr. Chairman,
that all of the report of the committee
on permanent organization and order of
bu.-inefs be now adopted, with the excep
tion of that portion relating to the State
Central Committee, and that that portion
the Democratic party to maintain the fla* of
our country wherever planted at the sacrifice
of the lives of our gallant soldiers and sailors.
We congratulate th» peopU that the Demo
cratic party claims the hero of Manila Bay In
the person of Admiral Georfs Dewey, ¦who ha»
shown in the simplicity of his life to be a pur«
Jeffersonian Democrat.
Upon motion of E. D. McCabo at San
Francisco, duly seconded, the convention
took a recess until 3 o'clock p. m., at
which hour the convention resumed busi
ness.
The Chairman— The business next In
order is a report from the committee oa
credentials. Is the committee ready tu
report?
Chairman Patton— The committee is
ready to report.
Tho report was thereupon read by the
secretary, the substance of It being that
nil contests had been amicably adjusted.
The report was thereupon adopted.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, June
14- — Mention of two names always aroused the con
vention to a high degree of enthusiasm. The names
were those of William J. Bryan and Stephen M. White.
When ex-Senator White arose to speak on the subject of
referring" all resolutions to the committee, he received a
great and spontaneous ovation from his fellow Democrats.
The tribute, no doubt highly acceptable to him, was con
strued by many as a pointed rebuke to the Democratic
members of the last Legislature who devised a cunning
programme to deprive the illustrious Democrat of the honor
of receiving the complimentary vote of the minority for
United States Senator. Mr. White is magnanimous in the
extreme. If he had indicated to-day the slightest desire
th'at the undeserved, recipient of the Senatorial compliment
should receive no recognition from the convention, the del
egates would have shown Phelan the door. Later in the day
Mr. White went to tl\e rescue of James G. Maguire, a Dem
ocrat who was knifed in the camp of his party two years ago.
Cochrane, Marln ; John T. York, Napa; E. J. I
Rector, IsTevada; J. W. I Inches, Sacramento; I
J. Harvey McCarthy. San Diego; Louts de F. '
Bartlett, San Francisco: G. G. Grant. Stock
ton; M. H. Herman, San Francisco; Charles
A. Swelgert, San Francisco: Lewis T. Samuels.
San Francisco; William Graves, San Luts
Obispo; C. A. Storke. Santa Barbara- J. B.
OBrien. Santa Clara; Daniel Reid, Shasta:
Frank R. Wehe, Sierra; C. O. Dunbar, Sonoma;
K. S. Mahon; Butter; J. P. O'Brien, Tuolumne;
T. O. Toiand. Ventura; J. B. Sanford. Men
docino; R. M. Fitzgerald, Alameda; Ben M.
Maddox. Tulare: F. W. Allender. Los Amtrlen.
quently reported from the platform com
mittee without indorsement and over
whelmingly rejected by the convention:
The Democratic party has ever been the ex
ponent of free and enlightened government, and
we favor protection of the interests of e-»*>ry
citizen and ally of the United States in the
Philippine Islands; we favor the supremacy of
the Government of the United States in the
Philippine Islands until such time as the peo
ple of the Islands demonstrate that they are
civilized laws. And until such time wo pledge
PARTY ORGANIZATION— j! C. Simms,
Sonoma; W. R. Prather, Lake: N. H. Conklin.
San Diego; J. B. Dockweiler, Los Angeles;
John A. Hicks. Santa Clara; F. H. Gould. San
Francisco: G. E. Catts. San Joaquln: T. C.
Coogan, Alameda; J. F. Farraher, Slsklyou;
W. D. Creighton, Fresno; A. F. Jonee, Butte.
Itebate on Referring of Resolutions.
After the foregoing committees were
announced J. Marlon Brooks of Los An
geles, recently from Manila, sought to in
troduce a resolution. He said to the con
vention: "I have a resolution which I
wish to offer and I would like to have the
same read and referred to the committee
on platform and resolutions."
Stephen M. White— Mr. Chairman, I
move that all resolutions prepared or In
troduced by any one upon the floor of this
convention be referred to the committee
on resolutions -without debate.
Mr. Brooks— I move to amend that reso
lution.
The Chairman— I have not put the ques
tion. Gentlemen, you have heard the mo
tion which has Just been made. Are you
ready for the question?
Mr. Brooks— I move to amend that mo
tion, that all resolutions be first read and
then be referred to the committee with
debate.
Senator White — An amendment to an
amendment being in order, I move that
all resolutions be referred to the commit
tee on resolutions, without reading and
without debate. (Cheers.)
Motion seconded.
Mr. Brooks— Mr. Chairman, and gentle
men of this convention— There Is no at
tempt here, upon the part of anybody, I
hope, to throttle any gentleman who has
views which would perhaps aid the Dem
ocratic party. There is no desire upoi. the
part of any person who sits In this con
vention to throttle any person who is
present here to-day, who has views upon
questions of importance which might
mean the success of the Democratic
party. I, for one, have views upon ques
tions that will come before this conven
tion that I deslre^
R. M. Fitzgerald— Mr. Chairman, can we
proceed with any business until the com
mittee on credentials reports? I make
that point of order. /
The Chairman— I think the point of or
der is well taken.
Mr. Brooks^ — Gentlemen. I do not pro
pose to speak but a moment and I hope
you will bear with me patiently with
what I have got to say and that is this:
I believe that all resolutions which are
presented to this convention, for the pur
pose of Information should be read; then
we can refer them to the proper commit
tee. That is the only objection I have to
Senator White's motion. I believe that
we should know the minds of this conven
tion. I have a resolution here that J have
sent to the desk. I would like to speak
upon that resolution, because if that reso
lution is defeated we cannot elect one
member of the Legislature of this State.
Asher Wants Resolutions R^ad.
Hugo Asher of San Francisco— Mr.
Chairman: I desire to say just a word
in favor of the motion that resolutions
shall be read and referred without debate
to the committee. S If this convention
holds contrary to that motion, it means
that every man in thia convention stands
tied hand and foot, and that he has no
right to express or bring before the con
vention his sentiments unless .they are
approved by such committee as It may be
referred to. It asks nothing further than
to permit the resolution to be read. It
does not ask the privilege to debate it,
but permits that to be done In committee,
and the committee may then determine
whether there is enough merit In the res
olution to warrant its being brought be
fore the convention; but before that
power is given the committee, a due and
proper check is kept upon it to the ex
tent that the convention itself Is made at
least a partial judge as to the propriety
of that resolution. The opposition to per
mitting the resolution to be read before
this convention is much more far-carry
ing than would appear upon first blush.
As I said in the beginning, it stifles the
sentiment and the ideas of any man In
this convention and bars him from such
proper participation in the councils of
the party as he is entitled to by virtue
of having been made a delegate to this
convention, end the carrying of the
amendment to the amendment to the
motion to the effect that it shall not
even be read is not a Democratic propo
sition, in spite of the fact that it comes
from the best Democrat In the State;
and I therefore, Mr. Chairman and gen
tlemen of this convention, hope that you
will permit these resolutions to be read
before you send them to the committee.
If you do not, there may be some of you
who Intend to Introduce resolutions;
there may be whole delegations that in
tend to Introduce resolutions, and that
will be prevented from bringing their ideas
before this convention If the amendment
to the amendment is carried, and it
should not be carried.
Senator White— The- gentleman from
San Francisco utterly misconceives the
purport and effect of the amendment
which I suggested. As soon as the re
port of the committee is made that report
is subject to amendment and any one de
siring to propose an amendment can do
so. My object in offering the amendment
was this: It is customary in Democratic
gatherings and it has been done in two
Democratic national conventions over
which I had the honor to preside and per
haps their teachings of Democracy may
be sufficiently adequate to meet the pres
ent occasion. (Applause.) In the interest
of time and not to throttle any one I have
made the motion. ' Let the motion carry.
Any gentleman desiring can propose his
amendment; that amendment will go to
the committee. If the committee's report
is unsatisfactory the resolutions may be
read, reread, debated and redebated upon
this floor and ¦ no one will be prevented
from giving his view, but. primarily, the
committee which we appoint has a right
to pass upon those resolutions and their
report to this convention will be subject
to the revision of its membership. It
was in the interests of orderly and rapid
procedure that I made the suggestion and
not to curtail the speech of any one or to
deprive any member of this convention of
the opportunity of addressing at length,
as is his privilege, this body. (Applause./
White's Amendment Carries.
The Chairman— The question is on the
adoption of the amendment to the amend
ment, to the effect that all resolutions
shall go to the resolutions- committee
without being read or debated. Carried.
Following is a copy of the Brook3 reso
lution which was suppressed but subae-
and imperialism that party has surrendered to
the money power of this land. Being in run
control of the Government it has enacted tariff
legislation whose hurdensome taxation on an
the necessities of life weighs heaviest on^ the
common people. It has enacted an iniquitous
stamp act. the prime purpose of which is to
squeeze more revenue from the masses. It has
fostered trusts in recompense for campaign
support until all save the financial barons are
menaced by reason of this condition. It has
enacted a law making gold the money stand
ard and has rut the control of the volume of
our money In the hands of the national banks,
thereby surrendering this paramount govern
mental function to private control.
The war which has been fought and won was
declared with the approval of this country to
free Y*n oppressed and suffering people, who
were promised the Inestimable blessing of self
government; and the invincible hosts of a
united nation won a triumphant victory. But
when the purpose of that war was accom
plished the administration now In power for
got all the sublime principles of our Declara
tion of Independence and, in Its greed for gain,
would float nur flat in conquest and deny the
guarantees of our constitution to the con
quered. (Applause.) Anft now we behold old
time Republican leaders in open rebellion at
the policy of that party— that party whose
record has been a shrine to money and not to
men; whose eign manual Is the dollar mark;
the party that has turned down the principles
of Abraham Lincoln to wear the livery of.
Mark Hanna. (Applause.)
The reform forces of this country are stronger
and more united to-day than ever bofore. The
Democracy stands now, as it has always stood,
the champion and defender of the rights of the
plain people of this country. It advocates, and
has always advocated, that this Government
should not be administered in favor of any
class, rich or poor, but that all classes, rich
and poor alike shall always have equal rights
before the law. (Applause.) Four years ago
the Democratic party crystallized its principles
in the Chicago platform, and. while new issues
have since arisen, still the Chicago platform of
1826 Is. in letter and spirit, the guide of De
mocracy now as it was then. (Applause.)
Those same grand truths are the essentials
of free government, and while we believe In
that platform we also know that in order to
preserve this Government it is necessary to
crush the trusts and forever destroy that spirit
of imperialism and militarism now advocated
by the Republican party. And to that end the
principles of our Declaration of Independence
should be burned into the hearts of all loyal
Americans, so that our country will ever be as
Washington and Jefferson and Lincoln left it.
(Applause.).
If the liberty of-this country is to be pre
served it must be through that party that
founds its : faith on the Declaration of Inde
pendence, and that Is the Democratic party,
the party, of liberty. Justice and equality, the
party that believes that the benefits and bur
dens of government should fall on all alike;
the party that' believes that the constitution of
this country protects all alike, wherever the
American flag floats In sovereign right: the
party that believes that we have an American
liberty enshrined on the threshold of every
home, where, within the sacred circle of the
fireside, love burns its brightest Intense and
men are kings uncrowned and women queens
supreme (applause) — a liberty whose foremost
champion Is that intellectual prince of giants,
who towerg head and shoulders above all living
statesmen, the next President of the United
States, the Hon. William Jennings Bryan.
(Great cheering and applause.) He will lead
the hosts of Democracy to triumphant victory,
and our republic will remain the embodiment of
liberty and the home of the free.
Temporary Officers Chosen.;
TJpon motion of Judge Joseph W.
Hughes of Sacramento the following were
elected as temporary minor officers of the
convention: Secretary, D. W. Carmi
chael; chief clerk. John V. Powers; as
sistant clerks— D. C. McCollum and P. A.
Byrne; sergeant at arms, G. W. Griffin;
assistant sergeants at arms— William W.
Whitney and John P. Brissell; pages-
Albert Burkhart, Fred O'Cqnnell and
Woodburn Lamphrej^
Hon. George H. Clark, Mayor of Sac
ramento, then welcomed the delegates to
the city with the following well-chosen
remarks:
n- Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Con
vention: It Is with genuine pleasure that
I come before you to bid you welcome to the
Capitol .City. We sincerely appreciate the
honor, of. acting as host to so dignified a body
aa the State Democratic Convention.
. We of. this city feel that it is especially fit
ting that gatherings of the men who frame the
policies that control or Influence the control
of, the State.. and in a measure that of the
nation, should be held at the seat of govern
ment. - I recognize In this gathering the repre
sentatives of one of .the great political factors
of the day; the representatives of a party that
has had and doubtless always will have ' a
potent ."influence for upholding: and fostering
the welfareof this, nation, and for the preser
vation of thegreat..princlplea of human liberty.
(Applause).;'- -•;.' • ., \
- It Is upon 'such occasions as this that every
citizen ""should glv« attention to the thought
that .the. very' foundation 'of tour institutions is
laid in the" conventions of the ' political parties
which afford opportunities for the expression
of the ideas -fend plans that- result 1 in the ex
emplification of good citizenship. My observa
tion permits 'me to say right here that too
much respect cannot be paid, the dignity of a
convention such as this. To-.you.i8 entrusted
the power of determining the policies for your
people.
. I say, therefore, that you as representatives
of those who stand for the principles of Democ
racy are entitled to our highest consideration
and esteem, and I bid you welcome *-> the
city of Sacramento and trust that your de
liberations will bring honor and glory to our
State and nation and satisfaction to your con
stituents. (Cheers).
Stay with us until you are sure you are
ready to leave, and then stay awhile longer.
For the rest of the week we are all Democrats I
— and you may make permanent converts of
us all. Again I bid you welcome.
Organization Discussion.
Delegate L. "W. Fulkerth- of . Stanislaus
moved that a committee of fifteen be ap
pointed by the chair on permanent organi
zation and order of business.
Stephen M. White— I suggest that th©
first committee to be appointed is the
committee on credentials.
Chairman Farnsworth— I think the sug
gestion of Senator "White is a timely one,
and 1 think correct— that the first com
mittee should be the committee on creden
tials. • •
A. R. Denike of Santa Clara moved that
a committee of fifteen on credentials be
appointed by the chair. The motion was
¦seconded, put- and carried. •
The motion of Delegate Fulkerth being
renewed for the appointment of a commit
tee on permanent organization and order
of business, the same having- been second
ed, was put by the chair and carried.
S. Bachrach of Alameda— I move you.
Mr. Chairman, that a like .committee of
the same number be appointed on resolu
tions.
W. H. Alford of San Francisco— I move
you, sir, that the chairman of this con
vention appoint from, the body of the con
vention a committee of thirty-five on res
olutions and platforms.
The motion of Delegate Alford was put
and carried.
Frank H. Gould of San Francisco— I
move that a committee of eleven be qp
polnted for the purpose of preparing and
reporting to this convention a plan for the
organization of the party in the State of
California for the coming campaign. Th©
motion was seconded.
R. F. del Valle of Los Angeles— I sub
mit. Mr. Chairman, that a motion for the
appointment of a committee -for the fur
ther control and management of the party
Is out of order.
i Mr. Gould— Mr. Chairman. I think the
point of order is not well taken. This as
sembly has met here for the purpose of
I organizing itself. It has a right to move
¦ for the organization of those committees,
( if the convention as organized so desires.
, The Chairman— I think- the point of or
. der is not well taken. AH those in favor
i of the motion
i Mr. del Valle— Mr. Chairman, how can
. you appoint a committee from a body
' which is not organized, when you do not
know who the members of that body are?
How can they take permanent charge of
a campaign when the body of which
they are selected is not recognized as a
convention? s
' Judge C. A. Storke of Santa Barbara-
Mr. Chairman, -how can we with simply
a temporary chairman, dd any business
-except organize this body? I agree with
the gentleman from Los Angeles that the
point of order is well taken. I Insist that
we^ cannot, until we are properly organ
ized, do any other business than organize.
*u r- Gould— I arise to the point of order
that the gentleman is out of order because
the chair has already ruled.
Judge Storke— Then we appeal from the
ruling of the chair.
A voice from the rear— I would like to
• pearwhat that point is. We' cannot hear
in this end of the hall.
Mr. del Valle— Mr. Chairman, the point
or order is that we ar« as yet not a per
manem^organization. We as yet do not
know who the members of this body are;
and how can you appoint a committee
from a body which does not exist? The
only matter before this convention Is the
temporary organization of this body, and
for that purpose the committee on creden
tials has been appointed to return to this
body who the members shall be. After we
have permanent organization then we can
| select from the body of the convention
any persons we choose for a committee.
The functions of this committee which is
Intended to be organized is to take charge
of the campaign until election day. and
therefore you have to know from whom
to select, which is not known now and
cannot he known until the credentials
committee shall make its return.
Hugo Asher of San Francisco— I think
that there is no doubt that the position
taken by the previous speaker is the cor
rect one. and I believe that a mistake was
even made when we appointed a commit
tee on platform and resolutions now. be
fore we have gone into permanent organi
zation. And while it is probably unneces
sary to rectify that mistake now— because
I presume that the temporary chairman
will be the permanent chairman of thia
convention — there is really no need for us
to continue in that course and make a
further blunder in the same direction.
Nothing is lost by sticking to the correct
rule— to take no further motions or pre
sent no further motions, except those that
are necessary to complete the organiza
tion of this convention; and, with all due
deference to the chair, I think it is mis
taken in its ruling, and the chair ought to
be reversed. *
N. K. Young of Los Angeles— Air. Chair
man, with reference to this matter Sen
ator del Valle's expression on that sub
ject seems to have some force, but it
strikes me that if this convention, as a
temporary organization, can appoint a
committee on platform and resolutions
and other committees that it has appoint
ed, the same power which gives the con
vention the right to appoint a committee
on resolutions gives it the right to nppoint
the committee suggested by Mr. Gould.
Mr. Fairweather of Fresno— Mr. Chair
man, if I understood aright the motion of
Mr. Gould it was simply that a commit
tee of eleven persons be appointed to rec
ommend a manner of organization for the
coming campaign — not a committee to
take charge of the campaign, but simply
to recommend ways and means for what
we shall do in organizing the various dis
tricts. Mr. del Valle, I believe, is on the
wrong track. I believe that this conven
tion has newer it appoint a committee as
suggested by Mr, Gould, and we ought to
have that committee, and have it now.
Mr. Gould — I am inclined to believe that
there is a misunderstanding on the part
of the delegates in relation to the char
acter of the committee that I had sug
gested, although I think Tny motion was
plain. Probably it was owing to the fact
that my voice was not heard. The only
thing that I desired to move in the nature
of a committee was a committee of eleven
for the purpose of simply making sug
gestions and reporting back to this con
vention and that the committee would
then dissolve and cease to exist, exactly
as the- committee on platform and resolu
tions, the committee on credentials arid
the committee upon permanent organiza
-tion and order of business. It is an ex
actly similar committee to those, except
that it has a slightly different function
looking toward suggestions that may ap
peal to the different members of this con
vention, to take with them when they go
home. If there is a point made that the
motion that I make is out of order then
every motion that is made Is equally out
of order and you cannot even have a
committee on credentials. I think. Mr.
Chairman, that while it may be theo
retically incorrect, yet practically, as
these matters are usually administered in
conventions, the method that we have
thus far followed and exactly the method
that my motion suggests, is the proper
one and I think it is in order. I think
the opposition should be withdrawn and
let us go on in the interest of harmony
and of time and let these committees be
appointed and get to work. "We don't
want to stay here all day — we don't want
to stay here an hour or two after this
convention convenes for the appointment
of that committee.
After further discussion of a concilia
tory character Delegate Storke withdrew
his appeal and the motion to appoint a
committee of eleven was carried.
A recess of thirty minutes was taken.
Various Committees Appointed.
When the convention was called to order
after recess Chairman Farnsworth an
nounced the committees as follows:
CREDENTIALS— George S. Patton (chair
man), Los Angelea: John T. York. Xapa: A.
I. Denicke. Santa Clara; W. J. Howard. Marl
posa; A. T. McDonough, Alameda: C. M. Rit
ter, Butte; D. H. Arnold, Colusa; E. W. Chap
man. Placer; W. R. Jacobs, Han Joaquln ; R.
F. Johnson. Monterey; D. M. Stewart, San
Diego; Hull McClaughry. San Francisco; J.
C. WolksklU. Solano; J. J. Wells. Tehama;
C. W. Barton. Riverside.
PERMANENT ORGANIZATION AND
ORDER OF BUSINESS— U W. Ful
kerth (chairman). Modesto: J. B. Y."
Haynes. Humboldt: J. J. McDonald. Oak
land; Thomas E. McSorley, Calaveras; M. S.
Burker. Contra Costa; E. M. Roberts. Kern;
J. J. Hanford, San Bernardino: J. D. Maxwell.
San Francisco: Samuel Braunhart. San p Fran
cisco; P. J' Tumelty, San Francisco; Bernard
McKinnle. San Francisco: Dougell Storray,
Ban Francisco; Ed White, Santa Cruz; M. W.
Conkllr.g, IjOR Angeles; T. C. Law, Merced.
RESOLUTIONS— W. H. Alford (chairman),
San Francisco; Stephen M. White, Los An
geles: Setta Mann. Alameda: M. T. Dooling.
San Bernardino; T. E. Curran, San Francisco;
A. Camlnettl, Amador: Seth Wllllngton. Glenn;
E. Li. Hutchlnson. Los Angeles; Ed E. Leake.
Yolo: Mark It. Plalstcd. Fresno: J. V. Dew
ing, Kings; W. M. Conley, Madera; W. J.
NEW STATE CENTRAL COMMITTEE. ,
) and will Instruct their delegates to vote for
j William J. Bryan for the Presidency. (Cheers.)
I wish to take this opi>ortunity, gentlemen, to
call to your attention a communication received
by the chairman of your State Central Com
mittee, signed by the chairman of the National
Democratic Committee, the Hon. James K.
Jones. It is. in. brief, that we should exercise
the utmost care at our next convention, which
will assemble some time after the Hth or Au
gust of this year, in the selection of Electors to
place upon our ticket in this State. Senator
Jones lays particular stress upon the fact that
we should avoid all possible complication and
all possible questions that may arise by select
ing only those persons as Electors whose eligi
bility is beyond any question. He says in his
letter: "Even if we are sure of the eligibility
of an Elector or a candidate for Elector we
should not place him upon the ticket if any
question could be raised about him."
I state that now. In order that it may re
ceive publicity throughout the Democratic party
and in order that in presenting candidates for
Electors at the future convention we may bear
In mind this caution of the chairman of the
National Committee to proceed in such a way
that no question or no suggestion of error may
arise, in view of that victory for the Demo
cratic party which I take pleasure in saying I
think we att believe is about to come to us
this time. (Applause.)
And one thing moro. and that is, that in the
State of California I think it is extremely neces
sary that we should all enthusiastically and
earnestly devote ourselves toward the proposi
tion of organizing the party in every precinct
of the State. I believe that by such an organi
zation we can carry • this State In November
next, and by that means principally we shall
be able to do *o.
You will soon hear from your managing and
governing committees- concerning this matter.
I think 1 am justified in stating vhat a uniform
plan of precinct organization will soon be
ndopte-i by our committee, and I ask of you
all upon your return to your respective counties
that you carry with you a feeling of enthu
siasm for this plan of organization, and that
when it is lirousht to you. >wu will all take
hold of it. bo that we may have an organiza
tion of the Democratic party In' the State of
California which shall be permanent and con
tinuous. Gentlemen, nominations for tempor
ary chairman are now in order.
Frank H. Gould of San Francisco arose
and securing: recognition began to ad
dress the con%-entlon. In response to de
mand he went to the platform to make
his speech placing in nomination E. C.
Farnsworth of Tulare. Mr. Gould sam:
Farnsworth Nominated for Chairman.
Mr Chairman and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion: • Since last the Democratic party gath
ered together by its representatives in the fatate
of California there have been most momentous
events that have occurred In the history of our
country— events that are bound to stamp upon
the history of thece United States a destiny
that perhaps you nor I would not wish, but
•which perhaps you nor I cannot avert. \ve
have seen, during the last two or three years,
the acquisition of territory by treaty and by
conquest, separated from our mother country
by thousands of miles of ocean, and we. have
s.een a system of government proposed by the
dominant party to which I believe the LX?mo
cratic party of America can never give their
assent. (Applause.) We have seen propositions
made, and made In earnest, to depart from
the tenets of our fathers. laid down by their
words and their examples through a century
of unparalleled progress In America. "VN e have
seen the constitution twisted aside as though
it was not the sacred Instrument that America
has taught Its sons to believe In the past that it
Is. and we have seen that sacred Declaration of
Independence, which we have looked to-—our
selves and our progenitors— and ; which we
hoped our posterity might look to as the great
landmark of liberty throughout the world; we
have eeen the principles of that Declaration of
Independence derided and made FDort of .by
those who have advocated principles entlrely
at variance with those there laid down. (Ap-.
plause.) And the great Democratic party, true
as ever to the principles of Democracy and of
freedom; true as ever to the principles that the
consent of the governed Is necessary to govern
ment. Is rallying throughout these : United .
States with the hope and with the determina
tion to preserve for our posterity 1 those ines
timable privileges that- were given to us by our
progenitors. (Applause.) I
At such a time as this it Is a splendid thing
In our history that there stands forth one mag
nificent character In the history of the world; a
man whose every action is founded solely in
principle; a man whose actions know not the
domination of self-interest: a man who repre
sents the- people — the real . pe<JPler«f this great
country as perhaps no man has represented
them in the last decade— William Jennings
Bryan. (Applause.) . ..,
With such a representative as that— with such
a leader as that— the Democratic hosts will. In
this fall elecetlon. as- eure-lyaa the sun shines
tQrday,' be led to a most magnificent and glo
rious victory. (Cheers.)'.;'*' V
It Is necessary, then, that the councils of our
party in this State shall be conducted' with de
liberation, with discretion, with wisdom .' and
yet with ze*U: find Jn t order- that that may: be
done It. is most important that' there "shall -be
placed as chairman of this convention a "mar.
in whose mental make-up all of those qualifi
cations are blended, 'and such 1 , a roan as that I
name as temporary chairman of this convention
In the person of Eldredge C. Farnsworth of
Visalia.
Ed E. Leake of Yolo, in seconding the
nomination of Judge Farnsworth, said:
It Is not my purpo6e at this time to discuss
any Issues or any candidates. The Issues are
already made, the candidates are already ,
named. We are here as a -ratification meet
ing. I arise, in behalf of Yolo County, to sec
«nd the nomination of Judge ¦. Farnsworth. .He
Is a man of sterling and Irreproachable charac
ter, and a Democrat of long standing and State
reputation. It affords us great pleasure to sec
ond the nomination of Judge Farnsworth. (Ap
plause.) .j* . " , .'
Farnsworth. Elected.
Robert N. Fitzgerald of Alameda moved
that the nominations for temporary
chairman close. The motion prevailed.
Judge Farnsworth was promptly elected.
Frank Gould and Ed E. Leake were ap
pointed to escort Mr. Farnsworth to the
chair. Judge Farnsworth addressed the
convention as follows:
Gentlemen of the Convention: I thank you
for the honor you have conferred and I recog
nize it as a compliment to Tulare County,
which was in the last Presidential election the
banner Democratic county in this State. (Ap
plause.) We are on the threshold of the great
est political campaign this country has seen
for forty years. Grave political and economic
quwtions confront the people. The time has
come when the people will soon decide by their
votes whether this country will cut loose from
the teachings and traditions of its founders ,
and, 6wayed by the ideal of monarchy and em
pires, pursue a policy that belongs only to the
militant and imperialistic forms of govern
ment; a policy destined to fatten the already
gorged coffers of the favored few: a policy
destined to rivet the shackles of bondage on the
plain people and bend their backs to heavier
burdens and wreck the spirit of liberty that is
the genius of our institutions (applause), or
whether this country, true to the teachings and
traditions of Its founders, arising superior to
the doctrines and principles of monarchy and
Imperialism, which those now In control seek
to fasten upon it, will shake off this malign
influence and, continuing In the way marked
out by its sage and patriotic founders, be in
fact as well aa in theory a government deriv
ing It3 Just powers from the consent of the
governed and be forever as it should be, the
grandest, freest country on - earth. (Applause.)
Since the last Presidential election the Re
publican party has been In full control of all
departments of our government. What legisla
tion has that party enacted that has resulted
in benefit to the plain people of this country?
What good has It accomplished? What pledge
or promise of the platform of that party, adopt
ed at Its last national convention, has been
kept? On the questions of money and trusts
DELEGATES INSTRUCTED TO CAST THEIR VOTES FOR BRYAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, JUJSTE 15, 3 900.
(Continued on Page 7.)
SACRAMENTO, June 14.— The fol
lowing were elected members of
the- new State Central Committee:
Members from Congressional Dis
tricts— ,.
First— M. F. Cochrane, Marln; F. Wehe.
Second— A. F. Jones, Butte; W. R. Jacobs,
'Third— S. Spalding, Woodland; I*.' H."
Bosks. Lakeport. ¦• .
Fourth— J. D. Maxwell, San Francisco;
M II. Hernon, San Francisco.
Fifth— C. W. Fay. San Francisco; Michael
Casey. Santa Clara.
Sixth— M. C. Marsh, Los Angeles; George
A. Carter. Pomona. _
Seventh— E. H. Tucker,: Selma; I. D.
Ropers, San Diego. - .
Members elected from the Assembly dls
tr Firet-Del Norte. F. A. Cutler; Sisklyou.
Dr. C. W. Nutting.
Second—Humboldt, J. P. Haynes.
Third— Humboldt. S. D. O'Neal.
Fourth— Tehama, J. M. West; Trinity, D.
r FKfh-Shasta. J. W. Potts: Modoc. Dr.
sixth— LoU'en, George N. McDow; Plumas.
No selection: Sierra, Frank R. Wehe.
Seventh-Butte. John -W. Koper.
Eighth— Yuba, Hugh McGuire;. Butter. 1J.
Ninth— Mendoclno—J. Q.WTilte.
Tenth— Colusa, D. H. Arnold; Glenn, H. D.
Knight; Lake. W. R.-Prather.
Eleventh-Tolo. C. V> . Thomas.
Twelfth— Nevada, George L. Jones.
Thirteenth— Placer. . no . selection.
Fourteenth— El Dorado. D. J. Carpenter.
Fifteenth— Amador. R. C. Rust.
Sixteenth— Sonoma— J. A. McMinn.
Seventeenth— Sonoma, C. O. Dunbar.
Eighteenth— Napa, . John -T. York. /,-.
-' Nineteenth— Solano."C. I<."Brow«ln«. ¦ • . \
Twentieth— Sacramento, Thoman Fox.
Twenty-flrst— Sacramento, D. J. Munnlx.
: Twenty-second— Sacramento, P. 0. Cohen.
Twenty-third— Marin, J. W. Coohrane.
Twenty-fourth— Contra Costa, T. A. Me-
Mahon. ->•. •--'*.,-
Twenty-fifth— San '- Joaquln, E. W. 8.
Wood. ' ¦
Twenty-sixth— 8an Joacjuln, Ocorga II,
McCauley. ¦
. Twenty-seventh— Calaveras, 'P. II. IOnn.
Twenty-eighth— San Francisco, nf> *i?|ee»
tlon.
•Twenty-ninth— San Francisco, I^iwrene*
Uratinan. >:¦•¦' --
' Thirtieth— San. Francisco. P. J. Tonmlty,
Thlrty-flrst— San Francisco, ; . Charts* J.
Gallasher.
Thirty-second— San Francisco, . John V,
Twigg. . - ..
Thirty-third— San Francisco, Jamca J.
Donovan. , - • , ; ¦
Thirty-fourth— San Francisco, P. II.
Flynn.
Thirty-fifth— San Francisco, Thorn** B.
Curran.
Thirty-sixth— San Francisco,' E. V Coffer.
Thirty-seventh — San , Francisco, Henry
Bloom.
Thirty-eighth— San Francltco, W. F.
Stafford. . ¦ - • : -
Thirty-ninth— San Francisco, R. V. Whit
ing. , -.-....
Fortieth— San. Francisco. M. C. Haasett.
Forty-first— San Francisco, > Emll Pohll.
Forty-second— San Francisco, Louis de F.
Bartlett. . . - . >
Forty-third— San Francisco, no selection..-
Forty-fourth— San Francisco, no selection.
Forty-fifth— San Francisco,. Dr. Thomas
B. W. Leland. , -
Forty-sixth— Alatneda. M. Kcrwin. .
Forty-seventh— Alameda, T.- C. Stoddard.
. Forty-eighth— Alameda. J. E. McElroy.
Forty-ninth— Alameda. S. Bachrach.
Fiftieth— Alameda, T. C. Coogan.. .
/ Fifty-first— Alameda. R.;M.' Fitzgerald.
..f :.*:.*..* » » . . t t »¦¦»¦¦«..?¦.
Klfty-fiecond— Ban Mateo. J. B. Kelly.
Kltty-thlnl— Santa Crui. William T. Jeter.
Fifty-fourth— Santa Clanv E. °- Hlrsch.
KlftjMUth— Santa Clara. T. C. Ilosan.
l'lfty-atxth— Santa Clara. John A. Hicks.
K«fty.»«venth— StunlKUun. R. U Barkis.
Vlfly.novenlh— M«r«M. 8. C. Cornell,
nfty-oluhth— TuolHmnc, J. Y. O'Brien.
Klfty-Hahth— MarljwMi. K. C. lUy.
Kitty- ninth-Han IWnltn, Huston M. Ashe.
HlxtUlli— Alpine, no wlectlon.
HlxUrllt— Inyo, H. K. Wrmllyea.
Nl»t loth—Mono*. J. K. I'arr.
Himy-Hr»t-Mutitcrfy, |l. K. Johnson. .
Itlxty-woonii—Mntltra. M. J. Leonard;
I'rmnt*.' Mark II. JMnUtM.
¦ MUty«thiril— rrMno, no ir|#ctlon; Madcra.
t» ,t, Com* .
MIMy«fo>mh-Tul«re t ' C. L. nusnell.
Hlxiy>nftli~Ttunre. lC C. Farntworth.
NMty*«U*h~K«rit, N. It. Packard; Kings,
J, IJ.Vo.1rrt.
Hiov>«rvpuih»Hnii Iaili Oblspo, J. W.
ll«rr«>Fi«*r«f. ' - _ ..
Hlif)'-»lKhtn~P«ntn narbara. Dr. W. T.
WlClv-nimh— Ventura. John McGonlgle.
HovfnttiMh-l."* AnuMea, -K. -H. Dudley.
Hpveniy-nritt~l.o« Angeles, Oeorge S.
1'nttun.
Beventy.*eeon.l— tiOS Ancelcs. Dr. R. W.
H«venty«Uiird— !«©• Aneele*. Louis P. Col-
B«venty«fourth— I«oa Angeles— M. W.Conk
f'evpnty-'flfth— I^oa Aneeles, George W.
Iletitr,
Seventy-ntxth~-OrnnR«, R. H. Norton...
Seventy-seventh— Hlverside. Dr. R. F.
Guniirurn.
Keventy-elRhth— Ban Bernardino, . Itotx?rt
T. CurtU. . '
Seventy-ninth— San Diego, J. H. McCar
thy- ¦ ¦'.'• '
Eightieth— San Diego, Charles W. Echaf
fcr.
2
NAMES OF S. M. WHITE
AND W. J. BRYAN
ENTHUSE DELEGATESOregon: Original— Judson P. Bowman,
Pleasant Hill. $S: Helnrich Engelbart,
Portland, $6; Charles G. Lovell, Umatllla,
$6. Increase— David Cade, Rosedale, $8;
joslah W. Brewster, Eugene, $12; -Julius
B. Gardner, McMinnvllle, $S; Alexander
Kyle. Gold Hill, $~>; George L. Freed
man. Independence, $8. War with Spain
original— John T. Reaves, Union, $10.
Washington: Original widows, special
accrued June 2— Nancy A. Llnnville, Wll
lapa. $8; Jane Elliott,- Fisher. $8.
Postofflces have been established at
Sherv/ood, Mendocino County, with
Charles H. "V* . Keener as postmaster; at
Springs, San Luis Oblspo County, v.th
Elmer L. Sadler is postmaster: Sultana,
Tulare County, with Edward S. Phillips
as postmaster. ,-.%*§SS&8B8 ..-•¦-•
Annie Breton has been commissioned
postmistress at Mlnersvllle, and Caro
line S. Stevens; has , been , appointed at
Arrowhead. San Bernardino County, vice
Ze*ma N. Smith, resigned.
Interests in China. Also that the United
States act In concert with the other pow
ers in this emergency.
JAPANESE LEGATION
BURNED AT TIENTSIN
LONDON, June 14.— A special dispatch
from Shanghai says an unconfirmed re
port has reached there from Tientsin to
the effect that a foreign legation has been
burned and that a Minister has been
killed. The names, it is added, are with
held pending confirmation of the report.
It is further rumored that^ the interna
tional relief parties are experiencing great
difficulties in regard to provisions and
water. It is believed that the delay has
been caused by the fear that the force
was insufficient to overcome the opposi
tion that might be encountered and thus
precipitai » a massacre at the capital. It
is added i..at the Japanese have sent two
more cruisers and have landed 300 addi
tional troops.
A later report from Tientsin confirms
the news of the burning of the Japanese
legation, but the rumor that a Minister
has been killed is not confirmed.
Fifteen hundred Russians, with four
guns, have arrived outside of Peking-. This
makes 4000 Russians who have landed.
It is regarded as certain that the Japan
ese Government will take active steps
concerning the murder of the chancellor
of the Japanese legation.
In consequence of a disturbance at Che
foo, the German flagship and H. M. S.
Phoenix have returned there. A Russian
warship with 800 troops has gone to Han
kow.
Chinese desperadoes at Qulnsan, forty
miles from Shanghai, : have seized three
steam launches and treated the passen
gers plratically.
RUSSIANS SENDING ARTTLLERY
WASHINGTON, June 14.— The follow
ing cablegram has been received * from
Admiral Kempff: , •. :"
"TENG KU, June 14.— Secretary of
Navy. Washington: Twenty-five hun
dred men are on the road to Peking for
the relief of the legations; one hundred
are Americans; English and Russians
are in large majority; all nations here
represented. The Viceroy at Tientsin
gave permission to go there; railroad
being repaired as force advances. Rus
sians now sending soldiers from Port Ar
thur, with arth.^r/. KEMPFF."
TO RESTORE THE EMPEROR.
LONDON, June 14.— A special dispatch
from Shanghai dated to-day says: A re
port has reached here that the British,
American and Japanese Ministers In Pe
king favor the restoration of Emperor
Kwang Su, but that the French and Rus
sian Ministers Insist upon the powers tak
ing charge of China. It Is further re
ported that the respective divisions of the
country Have already been assigned. The
belief is that the withdrawal of the Brit
ish ships from th\; Yangtse-Kiang is an
indication of Great Britain's disclaimer in
the sphere theory.
MASSACRE OP ENGINEERS.
BRUSSELS, June 14.— Confirmation ha3
been received of the report of the mas
sacre of one Swiss and two Italian en
gineers employed on the Belgian Railway
in Northern China. The sister of the
Swiss engineer was also killed, and two
other persons are missing. The rest of the
French and Belgian engineers reached
Peking and Tientsin in safety.
The French-Belgian Company has 300
armed men guarding its main track,
which is still open for 100 miles.
MAY INFLICT A SHARP LESSON.
LONDON, June 14.— It has been learned
in official quarters that, although it Is
thought Peking will show no further re
sistance as soon as it perceives the pow
ers are determined, the commander-in
chief of the international forces has been
instructed to inilict a sharp lesson in the
event of any resistance, and not to brook
any delay in reopening the gates of Pe
king if he finds them closed.
RESIGNATIONS REPORTED.
TIENTSIN, June 13. — It is reported
that Prince Tuan, the new head of the
Chinese Foreign Office, and General Tung
Fuh Siang have. resigned.
Three more Russian warships have ar
rived at Taku.
SHANGHAI. June 14.— A dispatch from
Chung Klang says that a riot has taken
place at Yunan Fu. The buildings of the
China Inland Mission were partly de
stroyed, and those of the Roman Catho
lic and Bible Christian missions were ut
terly demolished. All missionaries are
safe.
A Russian troopship passed up tne
Yangtse Wednesday, June 13. It was re
ported that her troops were to be landed
at Hankow, but the Russian officials at
Shanghai explain that the transport has
merely gone to Hankow to load for
Odessa, and the troops on board are
time-expired men on their way home.
GUNBOATS ARE NEEDED -
IN NORTHERN CHINA
WASHINGTON, June 14.— John Ford,
secretary of the American Asiatic- Asso
ciation, to-day received the following
cablegram from the Shanghai branch of
the association:
"SHANGHAI. June 13.— Grave danger
threatens Americans in the Yangtse Val
ley. Urgently advise immediate gunboat
protection.
"AMERICAN ASSOCIATION." \
On the 7th inst. the following cablegram
was received from its Shanghai branch:
"American lives and Interests in North
China are seriously Imperiled. Urge gov
ernment to act promptly and vigorously
with adequate force."
The association, using these two cable
grams as a basis, Is circulating a petition
tor signatures, addressed to the President,
asking that the Government (take ener
getic stepa to protect American lives and
LONDON. June 14.-In the House of
Commons to-day the Parliamentary Sec
retary of the Foreign Office, William
St. John Broderick, made a statement
in regard to the position of affairs in the
Chinese empire.
"Her Majesty's Minister at Peking,"
said he, "has been In constant communi
cation with the Chinese Government
Hince the attack by Boxers on peaceable
converts, and' the destruction of three
villages about ninety miles from Peking
on May 12. On May 18 Sir Claude M.
Macdonald reminded the Chinese Foreign
Office of his increasing warnings during
the last six months of the danger of not
taking measures to suppress the Boxers,
and an imperial decree was subsequently
issued. On May 20 a meeting of the dip
lomatic corps was held at which a resolu
tion was unanimously adopted calling on
the Tsung-li Yamen to tatce more strin
gent measures. It was not then consid
ered necessary to bring the international
guards to Peking, but the British marine
guard at Tientsin, which had been under
orders to leave, was detained there and
two British ships were sent to Taku.
"As no specilic measures were taken by
Tsung-H \amen. to summon the guards,
met again May 26 and decided, failing the
receipt of a satisfactory reply from the
Tsung-lu Yamen to summon the guards.
This course was made May 2S, and a
British detachment of seventy-eight men
with a machine gun was forthwith sent
to Peking and 104 men were sent to Tien
tsin, while four more British ships were
brought to Taku.
"News was then received of the murder
of Mr. Robinson and the capture of Mr.
Norman, who was subsequently mur
dered. Sir Claude Macdonald continued
until June 5 to urgently impress the
Tsung-li Yamen with the necessity for
taking instant and effective steps to pun
ish the murderers and restore order, in
forming them that her Majesty's Gov
ernment held the Chinese Government
responsible for the criminal apathy which
had brought about this disgraceful state
of affairs. These remonstrances having
no effect, and the situation both at Pe
king and in its neighborhood becoming
more threatening, her Majesty's Govern
ment on June 6 telegraphed instructions
to Sir Ciaude Macdonald and Admiral
Seymour to take, in concert with the
other powers, any steps in their discre
tion which, if left unfettered, they might
consider advisable for the protection of
the foreign legations at Peking and
British subjects there, at Tientsin or in
the neighborhood.
"Sir Claude Macdonald, after a con
ference with the Russian representative
at Peking, was empowered to support
any Chinese authority capable of main
taining law and order or any measures
to this end. the Russian Minister being
similarly authorized.
"In consequence ot further depredations
of the Boxers Admiral Seymour called up
three more ships, and June 9, after con
sultation with the foreign commanders,
decided to land a force and march on
Peking. On June 10 he marched with
1078 men. of which 650 were British. This
force has since been increased to 2300
men, containing detachments from the
ship.s of seven of the powers. The ad
miral had advanced thirty miles on June
11 when he encountered the Boxers and
killed thirty-five of them. The railway
was much broken up and only three miles
were covered in the next twenty-four
hours.
"About 050 troops are being embnrked
at Hongkong, and the Terrible is going
to Taku. The Russians are landing an
additional detachment of 1700 men. Sir
Claude Macdonald reported June 11 that
disorders were occurring at Peking.
Nine British and twenty-five foreign
ships are now at Taku. and complete ac
cord prevails among the powers in re
gard to the action taken by Admiral
Seymour."
Mr. Broderick concluded with denying
he had the least intention of Implying
that Great Britain had any closer agree
ment with Russia than any other power.
MISSIONARY BUILDINGS
DESTROYED BY BOXERS
with the three mHes covered in the twen
ty-tour hours preceding the admiral's dis
patch, which Is dated yesterday, the in
ternational force was twenty-live miles
from Peking. There is every Indication,
however, that the twenty-five mile stretch
will be about the most difficult of the en
tire route. The dispatch of the admiral
makes no mention of further engagements
with the Boxers.
BRODER'CK EXPLAINS THE
ACTION OF GREAT BRITAIN
WASHINGTON. June 34.— A dispatch has
been received at the Berlin embassy here
from Admiral Seymour, In command of
the international troops now forcing their
way from Tientsin to Peking. The d!s-
Tiatch disclosed the extreme difficulties en
ro'-ntcred, mainly in the form of tracks
de"troved. and stated ttm the progress
was only three miles for the preceding
twenty-four hours. The commanding
felt that it would be desirable to
have additional force. In order to meet
nvery contingency, although the general
feoliru* was expressed that the trouble
wouM'bc'iPFS difficult to deal with than
tad been expected. It is calculated that
LONDON. Jure 13.— The Times publishes the following dispatch from Tientsin, via Shanghai, June 14:
"A serious ensagemc nt has occurred between the International column and the Mohammedan troops of General
Tung Ktj Siang near Peking."
Byron Bresnan. British Consul at Shanghai, who Is now in London, says that the Mohammedan troops are
arrr.ed with machine guns and repeating rifles.
A Shanghai dispatch dated yesterday says: "A Chinese steamer laden with arras and ammunition cleared' from
Shanghai to-day, bound for Tientsin. Ar.otorious murderer who was delivered by the municipality of Shanghai to the
Chinese authorities is being- slowly stoned to death in a cage. Thousands of spectators watch his agonies dally."
TIENTSIN, June 14. The Russians have landed four ,S-centimetre guns. These, with the 1700 men, will start on the
march for Peking to-morrow. A train filled with searchlights patrols the line between Tientsin and Taku.
The opinion is growing that the imperial troops will attack the international column near the capital, probably at
Feng Tai. General Tung Fu Siang- is in front and General Nieh in the rear of the guards. Ten thousand foreign-drilled
troops are still at Shang-hai.
LONDON*. June 15. 4:20 a. m.-Ob
servers at Shanghai and Tientsin
think there is a great deal more j
trouble ahead for the concert of i
powers than merely reaching Pe- j
king with 2>)0 men. Serious disturbances j
have taken place at Yung-Nan-Fu and j
iIer:gr-Tse. as well as other points at a !
considerable distance from the capital. «
The whole Chinese empire seems to be j
In a ferment. The intentions of the Em
press Dowager are etill equivocal, with a
balance of testimony on the side of a de
termination to expel the appropriatars of
a part of her country or to lose her dy
tasty la the attempt.
It Is related of her that on Monday fol- i
lowing the murder of the chancellor of
the Japanese legation she was aroused to
a. sense of danger and went personally to
the Tung-Tingr grate of Peking-, where she
advised, the rioters to disperse. But she
took no steps to apply force, and the ap
pearance of things is more, threatening
than before.
While Admiral Seymour, with the In
ternational relief column. Is forcing his
way to Peking, several of the power9 are
arranging largely to reinforce their de- |
tailF at Tientsin. Germany proposes send- j
inp I2U0 men. Great liritain sent COO from !
Hongkong yesterday and 400 will go Sun- j
day.
Italy has ordered 1000 to hold themselves
in readiness. Russia, according to a St.
Petersburg- dispatch of Wednesday, has
decided to bring her force at Tientsin up j
to GOJO. Thus the combined forces at Tien- |
tsin will probably soon, be about 10,000
men.
The explicit statement made yesterday
afternoon Jn the House of Commons by
the parliamentary secretary of the For- |
<;gn Office, Mr. Broderlck, with reference {
to the Identity of opinion among the pow
crs upon the question of an application of
force and the* method of applying- it. Is
accepted bv all the morning papers as
quite sufficient for the present and the <
bope is generally expressed that nothing
will happen to diminish the harmony. An
incident, however, has already occurred,
involving the British and French at Tien
tsin which nearly ended in violence. A j
dispatch from Tientsin, dated yesterday,
"For some days the French and Rus
sian authorities have been jealous because
of the eupposed facilities given to the
British authorities by the British em
ploves of the China railways. Yesterday j
< Wednesday) some French marines at
tempted to take charge of an engine re- I
Quired at the front. Locomotive Inspec- j
tor Weir refused to give up the engine
and a Frenchman attempted to bayonet
him. Weir caught the muzzle of the riflo
and the bayonet passed over his shoulder.
For a moment serious trouble between
the British and French was imminent, but
tho prompt action cf the British consular
and naval officers, backed by the Ameri
can Consul and the railway officials, pre
vented a collision. Conciliatory expres
sions were exchanged. The French Con
sul withdrew his opposition and the Brit
ish remained in charge of the engine as
before."
RELIEF COLUMN WITHIN
THIRTY MILES OF PEKING
BERLIX. June 14.— The Berlin papers
print a dispatch from Tientsin saying
t^at the internaaonal relief column has
arrived with thirty miles of Peking, but
that the distance remaining must be
traveled on foot, as the railway la com
pletely destroyed. This, the dispatch
•says, "will require two or three days.
Thus far the Gerinan squadron has
landed at Taku 27 officers and $50 men.
The Gorman troops at Kiaochau will be
increased on Jun^ 19 by the arrival of a
transport with 1400 soldiers. The trans
port originally had orders to relieve the
troops now servinpc there and to bring
tben back to Germany, but Emperor
William baa just issued an order direct
in? that the steamer be detained at Kiao
chau. This action is presumably taken
:n view of the situation at Peking, for.
em the Deutsche Kolonia Zeitung points
cut. trouble is not expected at Kiaochau.
Much concern is felt nere regarding
tho fate of the foreign diplomatists at
Peking. It Is feared, that they will be
unable to give emphatic expression to the
Chinese authorities cf the views of their
respective governments until a larger
military force arrives.
The harmonious action of the powers
plves satisfaction In press and Govern
ment circles, but the Deutsche Tages
Zeitung demands tuat Germany make
common cause with r'rance and Russia
la China against Kngland in order to iso
late the latter and break ao & — «ier influ
cnc.
Bishop Ar.zer of Shantung said to an
Interviewer to-day: "The Boxers com
prise many o» china's highest class, in
cluding fcfcolars. mandarins and officials.
The head of their order or chief. Chan. 13
a scholar and wishes to become Em
peror."
SUPERVISOR M'CARTHY
HEARS FROM PEKING
Supervisor William F. McCarthy has
just received the following cablegram
from his brother-in-law. A. F. Chamot.
who has been living in Peking for several
- >f "\vminm F. McCarthy, Ban Francisco.
'"'•Mails'" have been delayed through the
rict?; otherwise v.-e arc- perfectly safe and
residents in the city <lo not fear danger.
' 'A.. F. C H AMOT.
DIFFICULT ADVANCE
OF THE FOREIGN TROOPS
Serious Engagement Occurs Between me Interna
tional Column ana Molmmmeflan Troops of
General Tung Fu Siang. Near Peking.
A new complication is added to the Chinese situation. Acting apparently
without the approval of other powers, Russia and Japan are sending additional
troops to Peking. Fifteen hundred Russians are, in fact, reported to be already
in front of the Chinese capital.
The international relief forces are within thirty miles of Peking, but must
proceed the remaining distance on foot, the railway being totally destroyed.
Communication behind them with Tientsin has been cut.
More disquieting stories come from the isolated capital. The Japanese le
gation is reported burned and a Minister killed. The latter part of the rumor is not
confirmed- Thirty thousand soldiers, it Is declared, have massed to fight the
hated foreigners, and one rumor adds that General Tung Fu . Siang will lead them.
CAI^L HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL,, * WASHIXGTON, June
14.— Russian and Japanese troops are now on their way to Peking. These
forces are supplementary to those landed by the naval squadrons at Taku,
and so far as known here are sent without preliminary approval of the var
ious powers. It is certain that the United- States has not been approached,
and it Is presumed here that Russia, determined to counterbalance the prepon
derating force of British marines, sent instructions to her troops to proceed from
Port Arthur. Upon being informed of the action of the St. Petersburg Govern
ment and of the murder of one of its official representatives at Peking, Japan
has decided that its interests demand that it shall be represented by a strong
military force, and it is the belief of diplomats and of officials that at least one
and perhaps three regiments, depending upon the number of troops sent by Rus
sia, would start for Peking.
It is the presumption of officials that the action of Russia and Japan Is due
to the absolute cutting off of all communication with Peking.
No advices were received from Minister Conger, and the only information
outside of that supplied by Secretary Hay, by diplomats who called upon him and
by friends of missionaries In this country received by the administration, was
the dispatch, dated yesterday, sent by Admiral Kempff stating that in addi
tion to the foreign troops on the way to Peking Russia was sending soldiers from
Port Arthur with artillery. ' . .
A copy of Admiral Kempff's dispatch was not transmitted to Secretary Hay.
After the authorities had considered it a statement was made that its contents
had caused no change in the determination not to dispatch troops from Luzon.
Only as a last resort will the President consent to order General MacArthur to
dispatch troops to Admiral Kempff's assistance. At the same time, missionaries
are strongly pressing the administration .to take such action, urging upon the
President the necessity of protecting Americans and their interests. In response
it has been pointed out that many of the missions are located in the interior, far
from tne sea coast, and that to reach them it would be necessary to send troops
through a country where they. would be continually harassed by Boxers, and a
large foroe would be necessary for this purpose. The missionaries probably fear
to leave their present location for the reason that the local authorities who know
Although Russia and Japan Are Sending Supplementary Forces to
the Chinese Capital, the United States Will Not Dispatch Troops
From Manila to Admiral Kempffs Assistance. ,
them are more willing to provide them with protection than would toe strange
officials through whose territory they would have to pass In order to reach the
coast.
That the French Government does not propose to permit its officials tolo9«
their lives is shown by the Information received here that all of the French
Consuls in Southern China have been ordered to abandon their posts and -pro
ceed $o Tonquln, which is French territory. 3J. Delcasse, the French Minister
for Foreign Affairs, stated several days ago that the necessary detachments
of troops would be sent Into Southern China for the protection of foreign life and
property.
In view of the dispatch of Japanese and Russian troops into China It Is ex
pected that Great Britain will send a military force to Taku. It was said to-day
in diplomatic quarters that Russia and Japan would send an equal number of
troops, but close inquiry failed to absolutely confirm tnis statement. It was added,
however, and this was confirmed in several quarters, that the powers are still
acting in concert. The grave danger of the landing of foreign troops lies in
their usual unwillingness to act under an officer belonging to a foreign detach
ment and of the possibility that their Governments will not withdraw them. A
diplomat pointed out to-day that the Japanese troops -will not like serving under
a Russian officer, and that Russians will probably dislike obeying- orders of an
English or Japanese officer. Furthermore, when the Russian troops are encamped
in Peking apprehension is expressed that they will never be withdrawn, but will
remain there on one pretext or another. This will certainly be objectionable to
Japan, which in any event Is very much wrought up over Russia's conduct In the
past. It is apparent, therefore, that the presence of the foreign military forces
adds a new and menacing complication to the situation.
Secretary Hay discussed the Chinese situation with representatives of the
various powers to-day. Secretary Hay Is yet unable to say whether the special
audience arranged on Saturday last -with the Empress Dowager has been held.
Though in diplomatic quarters the suggestion has been put forth that the powers
dethrone the Empress Dowager and restore Emperor Kwang Su, no official rep
resentation has been made to the Secretary on the subject, and the administra
tion does not contemplate adopting such a policy. This statement Is made on the
highest authority. ':/ :
WHILE FOREIGN TROOPS APPROACH
PEKING NEW COMPLICATIONS ARISE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 1900.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Pensions and Fostoffice Changes Be-
ported From Washington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AVASHINGTON, June 14.— Pensions for
Californlans: j Original — "William Schill
ing, San Francisco, $8; . Layman D. Fow
ler, Selma. $6; Kirk P. Hartley, Keene,
$6; Joseph A. W. Hosteler, Napa, $10;
John I^andon, San Francisco, $6; Spe
cial June 2, Henry A. P. Ploeger, Llagas,
$8. Additional— Henrj' M. -Worth, Bur
son, $10; John Taylor, Fallbrook, $10.
Increase— Nelson H. Corp. Lrf>s Angeles.
$S: John P. O'Connell, State Veterans*
Home, Yountvllle, $30; James Armstrong,
San Francisco, $30; Charles H. Hyde.
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $12; George
H. Stevens, Arcata. $S; /'Samuel Depew
Tulare, $S; Alvin-W. Robinson, River
side, J10. War with Spain, original— Paul
D. Green, Pasadena, $30.
3
fp|j iifSls^^ as certa^ n rules which it follows jKjli
1^ °^ i nten di n g purchasers. One rule in B^S
lp J^^^h^ force here of interest to you is our Wm
|£yf '^W. method of disposing of clothing when \t f|p:j§
jN| becomes broken in sizes. When a lot WM
I ill /'if lifHyfr \W t I'liK °^ su * ts or overc °ats are short on sizes in S^
Nl V* -^ffira %^"itM V a certain pattern we mark these clothes wM
PS / ( ; !i'li«W^II[ law' M I ' \ down so as to sell them out soon and in- m'jm
fftl /i \ l Mw$\ SffliifS ' llmil M lliH lSr\ Here is just the situation as regards *these suits-, pjvll
P9 fi Sillily I "*" hey ave besn marI<e d down froro $12.^0 and W±M
W*m 9' il rfl| Si 111 j LiP^ $1^00. Although the sizes are not complete in all |fj|i
W?m Wi \ u !fpl f'fi M tI ' se P atterns ' ever >' s * ze is represented in the clothing ||vlf
P*'§a Pe ( SO Illlii* 1 as a whole. The suits comprise cheviots, serges and fflSS
jj&Jijij |n y f T"W fin I c'ay worsteds, in single and double breasted styles ; wym
Sr3§J Pjl if/ lilliljl i the overcoats are kerseys, coverts, oxford grays and i|Uji
*PP| IP If vll'l^ '¦ cheviot?. It is all union-made, well-made, guaran-. l££g|
Hi INi lip ¦ 11
P'^H iir It if Wm\ tm VALUE that you cannot afford to miss— fancy W:M
mWui Bull? Wp' stri P e d worsted pants in eight styles of de- M-iWi
X \$m M W KWM i dB^ sirable patterns, suitable for wear with a dark g?S
fe?p P l| ljp|j I coat and vest. They are $; pants in quality, but as WiM
w£ H fi| j M gfjil j we have a great many of them our price is »ifi
111 ** shades, ages 3 to 10', sailor blouse sailor pants, hand- WM
|M| somely braided, just the suits for vacation wear; |£fl
Ipf JSJEW lot of hats just in for JJNEN vests like the pic- *. |£3|
|Pi. i^K^^^m shapes and numerous colors: checks, stripes, plaids and /^M^n ipif
if^ill 'I W Golf Caps of ihem in New York at a ||Pg| * r|| 5 1 r jSS^
ilEs9 fl 3&C) Wide from remnant material from sna p price and we are selling H^ i Illzi"? J^S ra»?B
Wgm — : — 718 Market Street, W&tApparently Insane.
Ep*cl»I Dlspetch to Th« Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June H.— Charles Bald- V
win was to-day arrcstrd for insanity and;
placed in the County Jail to await 'exam-
Ination. I3aldw!n, some time ago, owned
INSANE AT TIMES.
Peculiar CasV of an Englishman
Found in Monterey County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY. June 14.— Two Insane men
were examined by the Monterey County
Lunacy Commission yesterday. One, who
gave his name as W. F. Ollard, was found
in the mountains about twenty miles,
south of this city by Deputy Sheriff Coch
ran. -When examined he appeared per
fectly rational. His, own statement was
that he came to America from England
about fifteen years ago, and. while in Oak
land several weeks ago he became de
mented, regaining his faculties about a
week later in a San' Jose jail. : He had, he
thinks, wandered to San Jose while in
sane and was there arrested for vagrancy.
Soon after his recovery he came to Mon
terey, and a short time ago the mania
returned to him. causing him to wander
off again, this time into the mountains.
He < says he has a classical education, but
has made his living'as a stenographer
while in America. He also claims to re
ceive a large monthly allowance from his
WASHINGTON, June 14—In response
to the large number of requests from
wives of officers serving in the Philippines
to Join their husbands the Secretarv nt
War has decided that the wfves o7the
regular officers and the volunteer officers
stationed in the Philippines can go on
Government transports when there is
room for them by getting permission from
the quartermaster general of. the arm?
but that owing to the fact that the oflU
M ™ °' v ? lu & eer - re * llnent8 will be soon
returned to this country by expiration of
May Join Soldier-Husbands.
WASHINGTON. June 14.— Commissioner
General Powderly of the Bureau of Im
migration to-day obtained the deportation
of thirty-ono Japanese from Port Towns
end. Wash., where they had landed in
violation of the immigration laws.
Port Townsend.
Thirty-One Laborers to Be Sent From
JAPANESE DEPORTED.
Isabella Trullinger the Bride of the
Chief Executive One of the
Reigning Belles of the
State.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA, June 14.— Miss Isabelle Trul
llnger of this city, and Hon. T. T. Greer,
Governor of | the State of Oregon, were
married this afternoon at the First Pres
byterian Church in this city, Rev. Henry
Marcotte officiating. The church was
beautifully decorated and a large number
of friends of the contracting parties wit
nessed the ceremony.
The bride is an Oregon native daughter,
and one of the most beautiful -• young
women in the Northwest; She is the
daughter of Hon. J. C. Trulllnger, a pio
neer settler of .this State and one of the
best known men in Astoria. She is highly
accomplished and her. paintings have won
much praise at several -exhibits. Tall,
graceful and highly educated, she is, well
fitted to act as the "First Lady of Ore
gon."
Pretty Ceremony in the First
Presbyterian Church
at Astoria.
GOVERNOR OF
OREGON IS NOW
A BENEDICT
This angered Edwards and a^desperate
battle ensued. Armed with pitchforks the
men fought around the barn until they
became exhausted. Moser ran out of the
place and Edwards grabbed a pistol from
a. shelf and fired a shot at his fleeing an
tagonist but failed to hit him. No serious
damage was done to either of the men.
Moser this afternoon applied to Judge
Rodden for a warrant for the arrest of
his neighbor on a charge of threats
against his life. Moser claiming that since
the trouble Edwards has sworn to kill
him. ¦
ONE THOUSAND DEAD
LEFT ON THE FIELD
Backbone of .the Colombian Insurrec-
tion Broken by the Recent
Defeat.
WASHINGTON, June 14.— Dr. Curvo
Marquez, Charge d'Affalres of the Colom
bian Legation, to-day received from Pana
ma officials bulletins giving details of the
recent bloody engagement between the
Government troops and the revolutionists.
One of the bulletins is signed by the gen
eral in command of the Government
troops and reads:
"I consider the revolution ended. The
enemy's army, after the fight, numbered
only 4000 men and I think they cannot se
cure reinforcements. They have exhaust
ed alt their .supply of 1,200,000 cartridges.
Thoir loss is'lOOO dead, including ten chiefs
and manv subordinate officers. They have
1500 wounded. These figures are furnished
me by the prisoners— some of them per
sons of importance.".
The fiKht occurred near Bucaramanga.
in the district of Palonegro and Lebrija.
and the general forwarded his report from
Palonegro, showing that the Government
forces occupied the field after the fight
The Government losses are not stated.
Another official bulletin reports that the
chief of the revolutionary forces. General
Vargas Santos, has been captured.
CALIFORNTANS HONORED.
Supreme Lodge of United Workmen
Elects Officers.
SIOUX FALLS. S. D.. June 14.-The Su
preme Lodge of the Ancient Order cf
United Workmen to-day concluded the
election of officers, the following .being
chosen: Supreme judge. C. R. Mabon of
Chicago: supreme watchman. A. Is. Jones
of Wilmington. Del.; supreme medical ex
aminer Dr. D. H. Shields, of .< Hannibal,
Mo : trustees, Thomas .Liggett of Mon
treal Canada, Ed Danforth of San Fran
cisco* A. F. Leach of Columbus. Ohio.
Past Supreme Master Workman A. "W.
Walker of IlLlnois and Past Supreme
Master Workman William H. Jordan of
California were appointed to fill vacancies
on the board of arbitration.
Barker Appointed Auditor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. June 14.— Charles A. Barker
was to-day appointed' County Auditor by
the Board of Supervisors to fill the va
cancy caused by the resignation of Thorn'
as F. Morrison. The latter left on Juno
1 for Manila to take a position as auditor
in the Postal Department of tha Philip
pines. He left suddenly, without leaving
his resignation In the hands of the board,
but a few days ago the reslgnatldn was
presented by a deputy. ¦ Barker has been
in the coal business, but Was 'formerly a
deuuty in various county .offices.
people In England. He was suffering great
physical pain during *his examination and
was extremely weak, and the physicians
who examined him believe he has symp
toms of acute typhoid and that his de
mentia was really the delirium that us
ually accompanies that disease. He was
taken to the County Hospital for treat
ment.
The other man examined was a "tramp"
printer who has been working in Salinas
for the past week. He is about 50 years
old, knows nothing about his name or
where he came from and positively denies
having ever had any parents. He believes
he is constantly rocking small bears in a
cradle.
?
KUMASSIE RELIEF FORCE
FIGHTS ANOTHER BATTLE
Queen of Ofesu One of the Leaders in
the Rebellion of the
Ashantis.
LONDON, June 15.— The Dally Express
has the following dispatch from Prahsu,
dated yesterday:
"There has been another fight on the
line of communication of the Kumassie re
lief column. No details have been offi
cially supplied.
"There are 10.000 Ashantls surrounding
Kumassie and 5000 facing- the relief force.
The leaders of the rebellion include
Ashantuah, Queen of Ofesu." ¦
FOUR INCOBRIGIBIiE YOUTHS.
Drink Stolen Wine in a Schoolhouse
and Do Considerable Damage.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June 14.— Four small boys,
ranging in ages from 13 to 16 years, are
locked in the county jail with charges of
burglary .placed against them. Not only
has this quartet refused to go to school,
but they also seemed to have had a spe
cial spite against school buildings, for on
Sunday night they broke into 'the Wash
ington Grammar School and committed
acts of vandalism that will land them In
the reform school. Those under arrest
are: Henry Selaya, aged 16; Tony Sepul
veda. aged 14; Willie EUert. aged 13. and
Peter Silvas. aged 13. :
When arrested by Detectives Haley and
Pickering to-day the boys admitted their
guilt. They said that the Selaya boy had
stolen a gallon of wine from his mother
and they took it to the schoolhouse to
drink. Entrance was effected through a
window. After drinking the wine the boys
did a couple of hundred dollars' worth of
damage. The piano was broken, initials
cut on the case and the instrument badlv
defaced. Red and black ink, mucilage and
chalk were thrown over the floors and
desks and stationery closets raide-1 for
pencils, erasers and papers. The black
boards also were covered with obscene
writing and drawings. Some of the
floors and furniture are so badly stained
the marks.cannot be effaced.
George S. Wells, the principal of the
school, has charged . the boys with bur
glary. They were arraigned before Jus
tice O'Neal this afternoon. Their hear
ing was set for June 18 and ID.
Father and Son Drowned.
OLD STREAM," Texas, June 14.— W. F.
Lemond, a" prominent- business rrian of
Fort Worth, while fishing here to-day, fell
from a boat and was drowned in the lake
Hl3 son attempted to rescue him and was
also drowned. **t.
Social DlsDAtch to The Call.
SALINAS. June 14.— The stage running
from Soledad to Pamiso Springs went
over a Ftcep embankment to-day and
many of the passengers were seriously in
jured. It is impossible to learn the full
details of the accident, as the managers
of the company positively refuse to give
out any information and have shut off
telephonic communication.
The story of the acoident so far as ran
be ascertained is as follows: The stage,
containing eleven passengers, mostly wo
men and children, l^ft the Fprings shortly
after 9 o'clock. The road to Soledad is
circuitous and there are many sharp
turns. The horses took fright immediate
ly after leaving the springs and the driver
was unable to control them. They dashed
madly on for fully a mile and a half, until
the first sharp turn was? reached.
Driver OU man then made a final effort
to control the animals, but failed. A few
moments later horses, t>tage and passen
gem were piled together u.t the bottom of
a steep ravin* 1 .
When the cries of the frightened women
and children had eubsidrd and th« fortu
nate ones who were uninjured had extri
t-ated themselves from the wreck atten
tion was paid to the sufferers. Among
these most seriously injured are J. Morris,
an Oakland banker, and his wife. Both
are well along in yrars and the t-hock
«Lion«» may prove fatal. Mrs. Morris sus
tained a fracture of the Jaw and wrist,
while l\cr husband is suffering from a
broken limb and possible internal inju
ries.
Mis? Alma Eaton of this city was
thrown Into n. barbed wire fence and ge
vc-rriy bruised and scratched.
The stage was in charge of J. J. Cole
man, an old and experienced driver.
Whon he saw that an accident was in
evitable he manfully Ftuck -to his post and
went down with the coach. Ftrufirpling to
the last moment to check the speed of
the horpos. It is impossible to learn
whether he met with serious Injury or not.
In fact, even the names of the passen
fers and th*>ir jirescnt condition Is care
ully guarded by tho agents or the
Eprings.
J. Morris, the Oakland Banker, and
His Wife Are Among Those Ex
ported as Seriously In
jured.
Serious Accident on the
Road From Paraiso
Springs.
STAGE DASHES
DOWN A STEEP
EMBANKMENT
the paper route for the town of Sausalito
and the ferry business. Reverses have
lately unsettled his mind and he is now In
a condition where he will need close at
tendance. Some time ago he jumped
km^H 11 ™ 3 ,^" and was near!?
Killed. Hr> spent his time to-dav riding
bark and forth between here and Tiburon.
A\ ben questioned in court he said he was
a relative of "Lucky" Baldwin.
FINAL ACCOUNTING
w IN THE LUX ESTATE
During: the Years of Iatig-ation a For
tune Has Been Spent in At
torneys' Fees.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
REDWOOD CITY. June 14.-The final
account of Jesse S. Potter, executor of
the .will of Charlos Lux, deceased, was
filed in the Clerk's office at this place yes
terday, together with a stipulation that
the same might be settled as presented.
The arcount 4 covers the period from
March 15. IS97, to September 24. 1899. and
shows that during that time the sum of
$451 ..'544 So came into the hands of the ex
ecutor. It also shows in detail disburse
ments for the same period amounting to
$441,306 C9. leaving a balance of $10 038 16 in
the hands of the executor. Thff disburse
ments consist in a large measure of
amounts of money paid to certain heirs
and devlsres. ¦;„ .-.=- *T" .
Attorneys' fees are allowed In a sum
aggregating 5123.750. and commissions
amount to $00,000 more.
The. following persons stipulate that tho
account may be allowed and settled- Me
H? s , a A - » 1>ott^* Hpnrv !'"*. Thomas B.
Bishop. AzroX. Lewis, MagdalSna lioltz
sr-herer. Adolph Rosenthal. Dorothea
Pott, Henry Roehrlg Sr. t Henry Roe h rig
Jr.. Salome Lux-Wolf. Caroline Lux-
Michel. George Lux. Hmile Lux. Lizzie
Lux-Pott. Lena Lux-MucBrJde and F. J.
Together wlth~ the flinal account was
filed a prtition for final distribution, con-
Flsting of m pages of typewritten matter.
The hearing on the account and petition
for distribution has been set for June 28
This large estate, out of which has
grown so much litigation, valued at from
$15,000,000 to $30,000,000, has been in pro
bate in this county since March 21, 1&J7 a
period of over thirteen years. * "
GOLD BASIS SYSTEM.
Costa Rica Legalizes the Circulatio:
of American Coin.
NEW ORLEANS, June 14.— News was
received here to-day that President In
gleslus of Costa Rica had sent to Con
gress a decree making legal the circula
tion In that country of the money of the
iTmted States and the gold coin of Eng
land. France and Germany. As a conse
quence, the value of Costa Rican.mohev
improved here to-day 110 points— from 330
to 220 discount. The Costa Rita Con-
BTess Is now engaged In forming- a na
tional banking law which will conform to
the, new gold basis system.
FOUGHT WITH PITCHFORKS.
Quarrel Over Ducks Almost Ends in
a Tragedy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN -RAFAEL. June 14.— Charles Aloser
and Andrew J. Edwards engaged In a ter
rible battle in the latter's barn at Point
San Quentin this morning. Both men are
old residents of, the county and, up to the
time of to-day's trouble were friends and
neighbors. Several days ago Moser bought
a flock of ducks from Edwards and this
morning he went to the latter's barn and
told him that the ducks were diseased.
Little Credence Placed in the Story,
but the Indians Are Holding
a Ghastly "Sorrow
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. Cm June 14.— Interest In
the fate of the sealing schooner Pioneer,
which was last ppoken on October 4. 1S08,
and has long been given up for lost, has
been revived by the receipt of news that
the Siwashes of the west coast are cele
brating a sorrow dance for the tribesmen
who were aboard the ill-fated craft. The
news comes in a letter from a correspond
ent on the west coast.
The writer states that through some
means the Siwashes claims to have in
formation that the schooner had been
found a derelict, with her masts and rud
der gone. Grewsome features are added
to that tale in details, the Indians alleg
ing that the skeletons of all the crew
wero found aboard the floating hulk. Sl
wa«h stories are notoriously unreliable,
and little credence will be given the story
in conseouence.
It Is most improbable that the vessel
would float for the length of time the
Pioneer has been classed as missing. If
she 'did float she would almost certainly,
In such a period, have drifted across the
track of some steamer.
The Indians, however, are quite certain
that the relic of the seas has been recov
ered and are celebrating the event with
vim and energy. The women especially are
inflicting tortures upon themselves to sig
nify their sorrow and have scratched and
lacerated their faces and bodies until they
are In a terrible condition. The Siwashes
are 'too excited and their knowledge of
English is too limited to obtain anything
like a connected Idea of whence they have
derived their information.
The Pioneer, once known as the Path
finder, was last seen. in I'nimak Pass late
In October of 1S93. by one of the local
fleet, which, like the Pioneer, was then
heading homeward after the season's
hunting in the Bering Sea. The story of
her long delay, of the report of a terrible
storm by the schooners which left Un
alaska about the same time, of the anx
ious waiting of owners and friends of
those on board, and finally *of her being
posted as lost, are all familiar to those
interested in the craft which ply to and
from this port and to seamen generally.
The schooner was under the command
of Captain Lock, and in addition to Si
washes carried the following crew: Alex
McLean, steward; John Hlnes. W. Kar
rell of Esquimau and J. W. Smith of Shel
burne, N. B. >^
SMASHES SAY
THE PIONEER HAS
BEEN LOCATED
Skeletons of the Crew of the
. Long Lost Schooner
Found Aboard.
Barn Burned by Lightning.
Special rMxpatch to* The Call.
JACKSON, June 14.— During the thun
der storm yesterday morning a large barn
In lone Valley belonging to Wes Amick
was struck by lightning, set on fire and
entirely consumed together with forty
tons of hay which had recently been put
in the barn.
term of service the wives of these officers
will not be permitted to go to the Philip
pines on th© Government transports.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JACKSON, June 14.— The meeting of
the Grand Parlor, Native Daughters
of the Golden West, to-day was a
long one, including an evening ses
sion. Nominations were made, and
Mrs. Ema Gett of California Parlor No.
22 of Sacramento was elected president
and Mrs. Genevleve Baker of Buena Vista
Parlor No. 89 cf San Francisco vice-presi
dent. The balance of the officers will be
elected to-morrow. Sacramento secured
the next Grand Parlor, after Mrs. Conrad
withdrew the claims of Yosemite.
The proposition to establish a scholar
ship in Mills' Seminary carried, and the
balance of the forenoon was devoted to a
revision of the Grand Parlor laws. Much
scolding was indulged in on the floor be
cause members persist in giving Inside
information to newspaper reporters.
The golden key presented to the Grand
Parlor by miners and citizens of Tuol
umne County will be placed In the Jewel
room of the San Francisco museum. Sev
eral addresses were delivered on what can
be done for their respective communities
bv subordinate lodges. .
"By a rising vote the resolutions of re
spect to the memory of Sister Lillian Car-
He. who was a member of La Estrella
Parlor of San Francisco, were adopted.
A communication from Grand Marshal
Costello. Native Sons, asking co-operation
of Native Daughters in the Admission day
celebration in San Francisco was received;
with applause, but after a discussion tha
matter was left to the subordinate lodges.
At the evening session nominations for
grand officers were made, and many of
the ladies showed ability in speaking oC
no mean order. After adjournment tha
visitors repaired to the mammoth plat
form erected on the hill by Excelsion Par*
lor. where the poppy drill was much en
joyed, after which the band volunteered
to furnish music for dancing, and many
couple3 availed themselves of the oppor
tunity thus offered.
The following resolution was adopted
during the day:
Whereas. The San Franci3co Call de
votes weekly a portion of Its columns to
the publication of news which, by reason,
of its interest and reliability, is moat
beneficial to the order of Native Daught
ers of the Golden .Vest: be It
Resolved, That the Grand Parlor now
in session, in recognition of the valuable
services to our order, tender to Mr. Ernest
C. Stock, the fraternal reporter of tha
San Francisco Call, its sincere thanks for
this work in our behalf. Be It further
Resolved, That this resolution be print
ed in our proceedings.
LONDON. June 14.— Mrs. Gladstone,
widow of William E. Gladstone,
died at 5:40- p. m. to-day. She had
been unconscious for about seventy
two hours, and died without re
covering consciousness.
The news was immediately conveyed to
the Queen, the Prince of Wales, the dean
of Westminster, the dean of Lincoln, Sir
William Vornon Hareourt, Sir Henry
Cainpbell-IJaimerman, Arthur J. Balfour
end others.
In the course of the evening William
Gladstone, heir to Hawarden, arrived
from Eton, shortly followed by two sis
ters from London. The bells of llawar
den Church rang muffled peals.
Ey courtesy of the dean of Westminster
and in accordance with arrangements
made In 1SC<9, the funeral will be held in
the abbey. The interment probably will
take place on June 19, being of as private
a character as possible.
Mrs. Gladstone was Lady Catherine
Glynne. daughter and heiress of Sir Ste
pbfn Glynne. who died when she was yet
a mere child.
In 1SC3 she married the rising young
statesman, William E. Gladstone, on the
same day that her sister married Lord
Lyttlrton, father of General the Hon. N.
G. Lyttltton. now commanding a division
cf General Buller's army in Natal, and
the double wedding was the occasion of
great rejoicing. In her long married* life
of near thrte score years she was always
th<v devoted companion of her illustrious
husband, and In her sphere was as "grand
an old woman" as he wus a "grand old
man."
She aided and assisted him In every pos-
Fible way in his own special work,. while
the carried out on her part the many
charitable and beneficent designs that
they together projected. One of the lirst
of these was the New Port Market Refuge,
FUgpested by Mr. Gladstone, to give tem
porarwy shelter and help to men out of
work and enable them to get employment
again. On the occasion of the great chol
era epidemic in London in 1SCG Mrs. Glad
stone took a house at CIapt<jn, filled it
with orphans left by the scourge and
wrote an appeal to the Times in th«.-ir be
half that brought in S25J0M for their sup
port. About the same time she organized
the Convalescent Home at Woodford. in
Essex, and for twenty-five years visited
it twice a week, when in town, and going
to the London Hospital every Monday
morning to examine the claims of would
be patients. At the time of the great Lan
cashire cotton famine, near the close of
the American Civil War. she set on foot
another orphanage near their home at Ha
warden. This is still kept up and until
quite recently had no small snare of her
c-speciul supervision.
In a thousand and one ways the kindly
help and influence of Mrs. Gladstone were
used for the alleviation of misery and suf
fering and the betterment of mankind.
She was intensely earnest and practical,
but always governed in her work and
dealings with the unfortunate by an in
telligent Christian love.
Mrs. Gladstone Is the heroine of many
stories and anecdotes.
The following illustrates the devotion
and idealization in which she held her
statesman husband, as well as her kind
ness of heart and the peculiarities that so
long kept her name before the British
public:
Galdstone at one time had occasion to
address an open-air meeting whose tone
was decidedly unfriendly to himself. Even
the presence of Mrs. Gladstone at the
grand old man's side couH not silence the
hisses and catcalls until, as the sun began
to beat down fiercely on the speaker's bald
head, his wife's solicitude for his health
led her to rase a sun umbrella and stand
holding it over him. The sight of the
aged couple's devotion to each other
turned the tide of popular favor and the
air was rent by wild cheers for "the
grand old woman."
Mrs. Gladstone was affectionatelv re
ferred to (..•>• her husband as "the" best
nurse in all England." She had almost a
mania for prescribing more or less nause
ous medicines for such of her friends as
w.-re ailing. James Russell Lowell, when
Minister to England, was slightly indis
posed while visiting the Gladstones. Mrs.
Gladstone forced on him a particularly
abominable black draught. He said after
ward :
"She gave it in such a sweet, motherly
way that the stuff tasted better than the
best cocktail."
A celebrated nrima donna once com
plained to Mrs. Gladstone:
"I am of no use in the world. I can't
help others."
"Y<s. you can." came the grand old
woman's reply: "you can love them."
A friend, calling on Mr.. Gladstone, in
troduced some topic of great political In
terest, adding piously:
"Only He who is above can guide our
land throuph the crisis."
To which Mrs. Gladstone replied In all
sincerity: "How clover of you to guess
that Mr. Gladstone was upstairs! He'll be
down in a moment."
The touching and heroic part played by
Mrs. Gladstone at the deathbed and fun
eral of her husband would make a grand
theme for the poet. England may well
mourn the loss of such a woman, as she
aid that of her life companion.
MRS EMA GETT OF SACRAMENTO. ELECTED PRESIDENT OF
THE GRAND PARLOR OF NATIVE DAUGHTERS OF THE GOLDEN
•WEST. '
THE LATE MRS. GLADSTONE AT HAWARDEN CASTLE IN 1S98.
PHILADELPHIA, Juno 14.— With all
work preliminary to- the entertain
ment of the • National* Republican
Convention . and Its attendant
throngs practically accomplished.
Philadelphia Is now contentedly awaiting
her visitors. From the big convention hall
down to the smallest detail those charged
with the responsibility feel they have the
situation well in hand, and the complete
ness of THe preparations seems to justify
the belief. Aa yet. however, the hospi
tality of the city is "by no means taxed.
There have been very few arrivals to-day,
and the lobby crowds at the hotels are
composed principally of those persons in
terested In the contests with which the
National Committee Is wrestling on the
breezy tenth floor of the Hotel Walton.
The fakers, with badges, buttons and
souvenirs, made their appearance In scat
tering flights to-day, and decorations are
beginning to appear sporadically. The
great mass of delegates are, not expected
.to arrive until Saturday and Sunday.
Office-Holders Unseated.
The most Interesting event in the Na
tional Committee to-day was the seating
of the Warmouth delegates from Louisi
ana after a spirited contest, occupyipg
nearly all day. This is an overthrow for
the Federal office-holders of Louisiana,
ten of whom are on the delegation head
ed by Wimberley, Collector of the Port of
New Orleans.. Although Wimberley is a
member of the National Committee and
•made the strongest po&sible presentation
of the case, the committee, by a vote of
25 to IS, decided in favor of his opponent.
Among the men thus denied seats In the
convention is William Pitt Kellogg, form
erly United States Senator from Louisi
ana, who has been a delegate to every
Republican convention since 1SG0. War
mouth and his friends, who were success
ful to-day, represent the sugar-planting
interests of Louisiana, and the claim was
made before the National Committee that
recognition of this fac'ioh would make it
possible to elect three Republican mem
bers of Congress in the State.
The Delaware case is in abeyance, while
the sub-committee appointed yesterday Is
endeavoring to have the factions agree.
It is understood that the Dupont-Higgins
delegates insist upon nn absolute recogni
tion of their entire delegation, while the
Addicks men have shown a disposition to
make some concessions. Mr. Payne, who
is chairman of the sub-committee, says
the Delaware case may go over until Sun
day before final settlement.
Chairman Hanna is the center cf Inter
est and is much sought after for inter
views in the hope that he will give some
indication of his choice for the Vice Presi
dency. He is still non-committal, and
while he has been quoted in several papers
his statements are of a general character.
Senator Hanna has been seldom in the
committee room, and apparently avoids
taking part in the deliberations of the
committee so far as the contests are con
cerned. Mr. FeSsenden of Vermont pre
sided over the committee all day, even
during the brief periods when Senator
Hanna was present.
Vice Presidential Aspirants.
As to the Vice President, while It Is the
uppermost topic of discussion, members
of the committee and other leading Re
publicans here eeem to be still at sea.
Nearly every prominent Republican who
says anything about It remarks that "the
field Js still open and the best man will
win," which is taken to Indicate that no
one has been accepted by those who are
managing the affairs of the party. The
avowed candidates are Lieutenant Gov
ernor Woodruff of New York, who has
friends on the ground hustling for him;
Secretary Long, who was launched to-day
as a full-fledged candidate by the general
distribution of his picture on buttons la
beled, "For Vice President. John D.
Long," and Representative Dolliver of
Iowa, whose friends are urging him.be
cause of his reputation as an orator and
also for geographical reasons. According
to the present outlook besides the three
ramed there will be votes cast for a num
ber of favorite sons, though in many in
stances it will be purely a complimentary
vote Among these are Senator Fairbanks
of Indiana, ex-Senator Washburn of Min
nesota Governor Schofield of W isconsln.
Judge Bartlet Tripp of South Dakota and
Colonel Jay L. Torrey of Wyoming, while
the field is open for any others who may
be entered for the race.
Extensive preparations are making for
the" entertainment of the visitors. Each
Republican club in the city is to look after
the welfare of one or more of the visiting
clubs and nothing is being left undone to
make the stay of the guests a pleasant
one Banquets have been planned, excur
sions will be given to points on the Dela-
ware River and smokers without. number
are on the programme. • ;--:•"
David C. Owen of Milwaukee, who has
been selected by Sergeant-at-Arms Wis
well to take charge of the minor officials
of the convention, to-day announced the
names of the assistant chief ushers. There
are about sixty of these officials and they
come from nearly every State in the
Union. Each one of the assistant chief
ushers will have charge of one section
and will have a force of from four to eight
assistants.
DELEGATES .MAKE MERRY
EN ROUTE TO PHILADELPHIA
Meeting Called by Vice Chairman
Pardee but No Business
Transacted. »
Sp«»c!al Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS. Nebr., June 14.— This
morning found the California delegation
train about four hours behind time. In
stead of being at Cheyenne to pick up
the dining car, the breakfast hour was
reached at Laramie. Here the delegation
had a taste of an old-time. eating house—
everything one don't want and nothing
one does. Just a soft boiled and a good
cup of coffee would have satisfied, but in
stead omelets, chops, steaks", pancakes
galore, all ruined in cooking. However,
it is a good natured crowd and they con
soled themselves with the longer the time
together the happier they will be.
To-day is Delegate George W. Reed's
birthday. It was duly celebrated this
morning In the old-style boyish fashion
of giving him an odd number of knocks.
Cheyenne was reached four hours later
and here the delegates procured the Den
ver papers, which told of Governor Game's
message to Secretary Hay about the
plague. That afforded conversation for
the morning.
Politics without the political pot boiling
Is no business. So if for no other reason
than for appearance' sake, Vice Chairman
George C. Pardee, at the request of sev
eral delegates, requested the secretary,
Edgar D. Peixotto. to call a meeting of
the delegates on the train for 3 in the
afternoon. Promptly at that hour all as
sembled in M. A. Gunst's drawing room.
Every one seemed glad to meet the other
in actual business. Alas, there was none.
All agreed that to transact any business
until all had an opportunity to be present
would be unpolitlc and unfair. It was
therefore formally resolved to do nothing
until reaching Philadelphia and then do
everything possible for the good of the
Republicans of California in particular
and of the United States in general. The
tide seems to steadily flow in favor of
Judge Van Fleet for National Committee
man.
At Grand Island, Nebr., the train made
quite a halt, long enough for the dele
gates to have a chat with many of the
populace who were at the station to wel
come and speed the travelers on their
way. From the cheering and what was
said to many of the delegates the assur
ance may be positively and absolutely
given that W. J. Bryan will not have the
unanimous vote of Nebraska— in fact, so
they say, he will not have the electoral
vote of his own State at all. And this is
nothing new.
The train is making mammoth strides
to gain lost time. Being behind does not
moan late far Philadelphia, only a shorter
time in Chicago, and some of the dele
gates are unkind enough to say they are
glad of that.
Absence of the Bitterness That Char-
KENTUCKY DEMOCRATS
IN SEEMING HARMONY
acterized Their Last State
Convention. "
LOUISVILLE, June 14.— Characterized
by harmony. In marked contrast with the
feeling that prevailed one year ago when
the Democrats of Kentucky met in Music
Hall to select a nominee for Governor,
was to-day's scene, the first since the
memorable light of 1899 in Music- Hall.
The object of to-day's convention was to
select delegates from the State at large to
the National Convention at Kansas City.
When Chairman A. Young of the State
Committee rapped for order and asked
for a nomination for temporary chairmaai
but one name was presented, that of Hon.*
Ollie M. James of Marion, and he was
elected bv acclamation.
Mr. James said he considered it an es
pecial honor to preside over a convention
of Democrats favorable to Bryan and to
Goebel. and who would abhor the
assassination of public officials for the
gratification of political and official
greed. Pointing to the picture of the de-
ceased Governor of Kentucky, which "was
suspended over the platform, Mr. James
said that, like . William Goebel, he had
rather be in the grave than be a fugitive
from justice like, the Republican. W. S.
Taylor. This brought, the delegates . to
their feet and they cheered long and lust
ily. Chairman James said that "the civil
liberty which the Republicans- of Ken
tucky are so earnestly advocating Is .the
right of the mountaineers to shoot down
with immunity Democratic office-holders
of the State." . ¦
Governor Beckham addressed the con
vention, his remarks being of. a purely
local and personal nature. There wero
speeches by Congressman Wheeler, ex-
Congressman James B. McCreery - and
ot-hers. , The convention then adjourned
till 7:30 p. m.
DELEGATES INSTRUCTED
TO VOTE FOR BRYAN
Georgia Democrats Name Their Bep
resentatives and Nominate* -
State Ticket. •
ATLANTA, June 14.-Georgia's delega
tion to the Kansas City Convention, which
was chosen by the State Democratic Con
vention here to-day, was instructed »to
cast its vote for. W. J. Bryan. The fol
lowing are the delegates from the State
at large: Boykin Wright of Augusta, J.
J. Spalding of Atlanta, Wylie B. Burnett
of Athens and Lewis F. Garrard of Co
lumbus. A State ticket was nominated,
headed by Allen D. Candler for Governor.
The State election will take place In Oc
tober. The platform which the conven
tion adopted indorsed Bryan and the Chi
cago platform of 1896; declares against the'
national policies of the Republicans; fa
vors election of United States Senators by
the people; favors the Nicaragua canal;
denounces the gold standard; demands re
peal of the war revenue act; condemns
trusts; advocates tariff for revenue only,
and the repeal of the present tariff act;
condemns the imperialistic policy -of the
Republican- party; denounces a large
standing army; condemns the Porto Rlcan
tariff act; favors expansion by all reason
able and practical means, but condemns
the present policy regarding the acquisi
tion of foreign territory; commends acts
of bravery and gallantry of the soldiers
and sailors of the United States and de
mands the repeal of the 10 per cent tax
on State banks.
MISSOURI DEMOCRATS.
Bryan Will Get the Solid Vote of the
Delegation.
JEFFERSON CITY,, Mo., June 14.— The
Democratic State Convention to-day elect
ee thirty-four delegates to the National
convention at Kansas City and instructed
them for "William J. Bryan for President.
The resolutions ' indorse the St. Louis
\* oriel's Fair; condemn trusts and corpo
ration influence in political matters, and
pledge the party to fight these on all
This was a defeat for ex-Governor
Stone, who introduced and fought for a
resolution declaring specifically against
agents of corporations holding places of
honor In party affairs. His fight was to
defeat W. H. Phelps, the Missouri Pacific
Railway attorney, but the , convention
adopted a modified resolution, and Mr.
Phelps was made a delegate-at-large with
ex-Governor Stone. The fight lasted four
hours and several personal matters were
lpjected Into the debate.
The following i delegates-at-large were
elected: Ex-Governor Stone. Governor
L.on V. Stephens. David A. Ball and W. H.
Phelps. The delegates were instructed to
vote for the re<-electlon of National Com
mitteeman W. J. Stone.
EXORBITANT HOTEL" RATES.
the Democrats.
Most Important Problem Confrontin:
KANSAS CITY, June 1.— Hon. J. K.
Jones, chairman of the Democratic Na
tional Committee, arrived to-day to pre
side over the sub-committee' meeting to
morrow. The committee will decide
finally on arrangements for the national
convention in July. Mr. Jones visited
the convention hall, in course of erection,
and talked with the local committees on
arrangements. The principal theme dis
cussed will be the charpe that exorbitant
rates are being asked by the hotel pro
prietors. National Committeeman Cam
pau of Michigan also arrived, and to
gether they visited the hall. Said Chair
man Jones:
"I will talk the hotel situation over with
the sub-committee and then Issue a state
ment telling exactly how matters stand."
Republicao Natiooal Cbmnjittee Seats tbe War
moutl} DelegatiOQ— i^ace for the Vice
Presidency Yet an Oper) One.
LOUISIANA OFFICE-HOLDERS
BARRED FROM CONVENTION
Widow of England's "Grand Old Man 1 ' Uncon
~ scious for Seventy-Two Hours Before
Death's Hand Is Laid Upon Her.
MRS. GLADSTONE'S PERIOD
OF SUFFERING IS ENDED
Yosemite Withdraws and Sacramento Is
Selected as the Next Meeting-Place
of the Parlor.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS CHOOSE
NEW GRAND PRESIDENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 1900.
4
1A/. X. HESS,
H0TARY PC3LI0 AND ATT0BNSY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreckels Bid—
Telephone Brown S31. "*"
Residence. 821 California »t., below Powell.
San Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
CHOULDCSE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THE
.T . **?£** Mexlca , n remedy; gives health and
strength to- sexual organs. Depot. 323 Uarket.
PUFF nn\/KI Cm « Fourth and
1 A h H K I 1 V A I Mar * p t- 3. F. Try
IiMl nilllll our Special V.rc-v
- 5c. Overcoats ani
. Valises checked trite.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
KRf&fiH V ' ere »uccessrul at Nom» la*t
IlilVUII year. All others failed. In oper»-
Mon flatly. » Stevenaoa tt. 3. F.
SAND CEMT?IFUOAL PUMPS.
JAflf^ftW GoId dre <lKlns pumps. th» only
wAVHOVHl »uccM»rul pump manufactured.
: «25 Sixth it. Sao FrancHca.
/ PORTABLB hOUSES.
B^ N PAM-STAHDEFORD CO.. Washington
and i»t m*^ Oakland, or Builder*" Ka., Ml •*-
visit OR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF AH ATOMY
Cfo i:;l UA2XZ7 ST. tit S££7&. C.?. Cd.
tj The Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe
jj£a*s^. World WeaJrne'iM or any ewuractid
}*£ *V"} °''' cl »e pciltlvrljcnredny the oluiit
£30:8 CR -"°3 c *a-> > Er/A7E DISEASES
I ®3?^P -. t - o - 1 < 1ll:a£ '° n fn» md strictly prirare
i J&% B T! e ltIBent personally or hy letter. A
a W n fi ***'"• £VramCTe nrc»seandiTtaJiet».
IPff life* w me for Book. PBtLOSUPnv «f
14 II 8fA»HlA«iB # MAIL3D FaSS. «A
Q (j,' *aluable tools for Ben)
CK JORDA.X A CO.. 10a Matfcet St.S. F.
/ DR. MEYERS & CO. \
The success we have
— had during the past 20
years and our large and
steadily increasing prac-
tice, is positive evidence
of our ability. ~ You can
consult us free of charge.
Disorders of Men
If you take treatment ;
you need not pay till you
are cured. We furnish
all medicines free to pa-
tients. Private book free,
at office or by mail.
Home cures a specialty.
Hours 8 to 5 daily, 7 to 8 ¦
evenings, 9 to 11 Sun-
days.
\ 731 Market St., S. F. /
\ /
AD V JSBTIs a.ra fcLN 'IM.A son has appeared to claim part of the
estate of the late Congressman .William
A. Piper. The estate has been In probate
for some little time under a will In which
there Is no mention of. any son and wh?ch
leaves the estate to collateral relatives, g
Henry L'-Kowalsky. however, claims to
have discovered not only a' son but also
a will executed two months later than the
one on flle. in which the existence of the
son Is acknowledged and the whole of the
estate is. left to him. s '.~ : L
& It is claimed the new relative Is the son
of i» widow in Napa. who 13 now nearly
70 years of age. The will has not yet been
filed, but photographic copies of It have
teen shown to the heirs under, the present
will and they declare the new will Is a for
ccry. Handwriting experts have passed
New Will Which the Collateral
Heirs Declare to Be a
Forgery.
SON COMES TO CLAIM A
SHARE OF PIPER'S MONEY
President. R. A- Daniels: rice president.
James Wnitaker; secretary. Dorie L
Wyatt: treasurer. C. "W. Adams; serjeant
at-arms, M. D. Campbell; attorney. Albert
Jeffreys; executive committee— M. Micach.
H. Jusix. A. Kryslak. Thomas Swales.
M. D. Campbell: flrfSnce committe* —
James Wbitaker. M- V. Stevens. G. Mc-
Brlde.
The Eureka Valley and Park Lase Tract
Improvement Club at its meeting a few
nights ago re-elected Its old officers save
one. The following are the recently re
elected of3dal3:
Improvement Club Officers.
John Sigerson Arrested and Booked
at the City Prison on a Charge
of Murder.
John SIgrerson. a lonsrshoreman. was ar
rested yesterday morning by Policemen
Samuels and McShane and booked at the
City Prison on a charge of murder.
Tuesday morning Sigerson met James
Sloan, another longshoreman, at Davis
street and Broadway and Sloan tn a Jok
ing way pat out his hands and tried to
prevent Sigerson from passing. SJgerson
struck him below the belt with hla knee
and Sloan threw his hands upward and
sank to the ground. He was taJcec to his
FOUL KICK CAUSES A
LONGSHOREMAN'S DEATH
The only bit cf excitement in Chinatown
yesterday was the arrest of a half-witted
Chinese known as Lcm Gum for attempt
ing to bribe Serreant Duke to let him out
of the quarantlre lines. He offered the
-erceant $1 In the presence of witnesses
to let him pa«s but, and was promptly
placed under arrest for hla Impudence.
Duke took his prisoner to the fumipatins
tank in Portsmouth square and bad nlm
fumigated, afterward taking him out to
the City Prison and locking him up In til e
tanks. Captain Wlttman questioned the
Chinese closely and becoming convinced
that he was not of sound mind let hlin go.
State Quarantine Officer Blount of Tex
as has notified the Southern Pacific Com
oanv that on and after the ISth inst
fWiRbt shipments of less than cargo lots
from this city to points in Texas may be
made, subject to fumigation at the own
er's risk.
Half-Witted Barber Arrested.
•aid that men who should have guarded
ihe reputation of this city as they would
tnat of their own mothers I™* Placed the
«t.-imr> of Infamy upon the fair brow or
{hts dtyand had injured the State beyond
calculation. At the conclusion of Mr.
Shortrldge's argument the case wa| sub
mitted. . .
room In the Iron House. Battery and
Jackson streets, and died yesterdav morn
ing. His body was taJcen to the Morsae.
Captain Seymour was noticed and de
tailed Detective Reynolds on the case, but
Samuels and McShane. who heard of th<»
death, went after Sigerson and arresred
him.
upon It also and they agree that it is not
Piper's wilL
At a Epedal meeting cf the board, held
last nl^ht_ Dr. Baura Introduced the sub
ject by etatlr-g that In view of the Gover
nor's report, "which contained so many
inaccuracies and was so inimical to the
board." scs:* action oiig-ht to be taken In
regard to the nia'ter. Ke moved that a
committee be appointed "to draft a true
fta.temer.t cf ell the plague cases which
bad occurred In Saa Francisco." Dr. Mc-
Carthy moved to amend by providing that
the committee shotild consist cf all the
medical members of the board. The board
unanimously adopted the motion with the
amendment.
It was further decided, on the turefs
tlon cf "Dt. Bauin. that the board have
elides of sections taken from affected
parts cf alleged victims of the plague pre
pared In the presencfe of a. number of gen
tlemen and exj>«rt medical men; that
and sent to the several bacteriological lab
oratories of this country and Europe to
be examined and passed upon by men •who
are employed by the Government to make
a study of puch diseases. The board also
decided that a photcjrnphic con-.parison
be made bct-ween the 5=!ide cf the Japa
nese bacteriologist. Kita=ato. and the
Elides already prepared by the bacteriolo
gist of the local board from cases now on
record.
Fevcrisli Hunt for 2J" e w Cases.
Federal Quarantine Offlcer Klnyoun ha*
completed his examination of the so callei
"baby" rase, and it is understood that he
will report to the local board to-morrow
th&t his conclusion Is the baby died cf
bubonic plapue. Dr. Kellog^ has not yet
finished his work on the Stone street case.
reported to the lrcal board en last Tues
day as "suspicions."
Dr. Kellers? said last nlarht that the
¦HnvrA rflnfldcntlr exoected that a new
IpHB lock! Beard cf Kealtlj did not
taVe kindly yesterday to the report
[ rr.a<lc by Governor Ga-e to the State
Depar:s:er.t mz TTashington. setting
forth rietrly the *a!5ity of Its position en
the alleg-ed existence cf plague. The sen
ber« of the boaru scored it as **inacct:rs.te.
xnlsleaainjr and net founded on fact." and
are preparing to attempt to offset It by
patch'.r.p up a report of their i^ery c\rz
that may further injin-e the commercial
welfare d the city ar-.d State.
Agree to Print a
Contradiction of
His Report—Ar
guments in Chi
nese Quarantine
Cases.
BOARD OF HEALTH PLANNING
TO THROW DOWN GAGE'S REPORT
Mr. Bennett followed Mr. Dunne and
read several affidavits to establish the
fact that bubonic plague had never exist
ed In the city. The first affidavit was that
of Wong Chung, who deposed that the
first case of death from suspected plague
wes;that of one Gfng. who, of the depon
ent's personal knowledge, had been sick
continuously for six months with the dis
ease of which he subsequently died. The
deponent further denied that any bac-
Not a Cass of Plague.
Power to determine questions of moral
ity, sanitation and public safety rested
with the legislative branch of the govern
ment, namely the Board of Supervisors,
and it was not for the Federal courts to
interfere, said the counsel, unless it should
be shown affirmatively that the laws or
the constitution of the United States had
been violated.
Mr. Campbell Interrupted the speaker by
remarking tnat his side had invoked the
Interference of the i ederal courts because
the treaty rights of Jew Ho had been
violated and the Federal courts were the
only tribunals having jurisdiction to In
terpose in that matter.
Mr. Dunne then went back to the weak
spot in his case, the fact that within the
rectangular boundary lines of the quaran
tined area there were the establishments
of a white plumber and an Italian wood
and coal dealer, which places of business
had been exempted from the operation
of the quarantine. On this point Mr.
Dunne argued that the coal deafer and the
plumber were situated outside of the
quarantined territory, even though the
Supervisors and the Board of Health had
chopped this small piece off the edge of
Chinatown.
On the question of discrimination ilr.
Dunne argued that the designation of a
certain quarter of the city within the
limits of which certain rignts and privi
leges of persons and property should be
restricted was not necessarily discrimina
tion. Courts had held that the State
might designate the limits within which
gunpowder or other explosives might be
stored or within which wooden buildings
might be erected. In the matter of quar
antine the speaker laid down as a propo
sition of law tha.t'tf all persons within the
quarantine limits were treated alike there
was no discrimination. It was no answer
to that proposition to say that a Chinese
laundry in the Mission had not been quar
antined. All the Chinese and other per
sons within those limits were treated
alike, and the charge of discrimination
could not be substantiated.
Mr. Dunne's argument was based upon
the assumption that th»re was a plague In
Chinatown ar.d that there was urgent ne
cessity for the exercise of the arbitrary
police power of the municipality, the very
; proposition that was contested by the at
: torneyn on the other side.
Another point touched upon was that of
• the alleged delegation of power by the
: Supervisors to the Board of Health, which
j Mr. Dunne cleverly evaded, taking the
ground that the Federal courts did not
j have Jurisdiction of that matter, because
> it was not contended that the alleged dele
gation of power was in conflict with the
i Taws or the constitution of the United
! States. In support of this argument Mr.
I Dunne quoted Supreme Justice Stephen
J. Field in the laundry case of Barbier vs.
Connolly, in which case Justice Field said:
"We can only consider whether the fourth
section of the ordinance is In conflict with
the constitution or laws of the United
State"."
Not Necessarily IHscrimination.
The argument in the Chinese quaran
tine care in the !_"ni?e-J States Circuit
Court closed and the case »a.s submitted
shortly before 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon, Judgi*? Morrow and De Haven being
on the bench. The court thereupon ad
journed until 11 o'clock this morning.
Judge Majrulre was absent. The attor
neys present for the Chinese were: J. C.
Campbell. 3. M. Shortridge. John E. Ben
nett. Robert Ferrali and Thomaa Keough.
The Board of Health was represented by
J. J. Dunne.
Mr. Dunne began his argument by quot
ing frcm authorities defining the extent of
the police power of the State and argued
that all the rights of property and per
sonal liberty guaranteed by the constitu
tion cf the L'nited States were subject to
the police power in cases cf urgent neces
sity for the protection of the public
against any danger, real or expected.
Taliir.gr this proposition for his ground
work, th- speaker proceeded to arg"u«»,that
if the action of the Board of Health was
a lawful exercise of police power the court
should pay no attention to the pie* of per
sonal inconvenience or stoppage of busi
ness.
Quarantin: Casa Submitted.
Aside from the action of the Board of
Health last r.Icht thero is nothing partic
ularly new in the situation. The Chinese
ure i till qulttiy awaiting the results of the
Injunction cases in the Federal courts,
confident that victory is at "hand and that
the obnoxious quarantine will be raised
before the <=-nd of the week. When the
ccses were submitted, late in the after
rccn. the impression left by the court was
that a dcelMen will be rendered this morn
ing.
"Our plan now Is," said Dr. Kellogg, "to
invite a committee of prominent surgeons
and laymen to witness the autopsy on the
next case and to watch closelv the prep
aration of slides from the injected glan&s.
which 17111 he properly scaled Sip and sent
to the leading laboratories in this country
arid In Europe for inspection. We are per
fectly willing to stand by the result."
case would develop within the quarantined
district within a few days, in which it
would be possible for the board to show
conclusively that the plague does exist in
Chinatown.
The germ theory of disease. Mr. Comp
bell proceeded, was at best a disputed
one. Many of the most eminent physi
cians in the world were of the opinion
that the germ theory had not been es
tablished by facts. Even the great Dr.
Sato, the first to announce to the world
the discovery of the bubonic germ, after
ward admitted in the public press that
he had been mistaken, that his descrip
tion of the grerm was incorrect, but that
he had found something else to be the
eerm. Attention was called to the cir
cumstance that net one of the members
of the Health Board had ever seen a
living person afflicts with the plague.
The speaker marveled that "these boys
who have been piaying with this flre are
none of them dead in their garrets of ln
-Je«?ted rats and guinea pigs. It must be
because God takes care of children and
the other kind of people, and has per
formed a miracle In San Frandsco by so
Th«*" speaker caused a titter wh«n he
mentioned the Health officers "hanging
over Chinatown like vultures over the
The exclusion from Chinatown of edu
cated and reputable physicians by a
resolution of the Health Board was
mentioned as showing the unfairness and
prejudice of that body. Mr. Campbell fur
ther argued the r.o:i-exi5tence of the
plague here by the fact that out of the
15 OOO to 23.000 Asiatics nuddled tog-ether In
filthy ill-ventilated, unsanitary quarters
In Chinatown there had been only eleven
deaths alleged from the plague In four
months He asserted that affidavits Hied
with the court showed, by the depositions
of competent physicians who had treated
the plague in India and China, that if the
eleven deaths had been due to the bubonic ;
plague Or&re would have been at the pres
ent time several hundred deaths and sev
eral thousand cases of the plague in |
Chinatown. This fact of Itself was suf
ficient to show that there had been no
reason whatever for the quarantine.
A Suspicious Circumstance.
On the question of unjust discrimination
Mr Campbell mentioned the Chinese Con
sulate, the white plumber and the white
coal-dealer as amons the persons residing
or doing business on the east side of
Stockton street who had been excluded
from the quarantine. It was a retnark
ablv auspicious circumstance, he added,
that in ever>" case of exclusion, with the
single exception of the Chinese Consul,
the persons excluded were other than
Chinese. Warming up to the subject, the
speaker said that if a Chinaman should
die in Chinatown frcm the plague the
Board of Health would be g-ullty of man
slaughter and should be punished, for the
board kept the Chinese exposed to infec
tion, if the cause of infection should hap
pen 'to exist there. . •
On another proposition" he charged the
health offldals with endeavoring to evade
the injunction heretofore issued by the
court against forcing Asiatics to submit
to an injection of HafTkine prophylactic,
and charged that Dr. "Williamson of the
Health Board had appeared before the
Six Companies and had threatened that
unless the Chinese submitted the board
would put the Chinese quarter under
quarantine,
Mr. Shortridge closed for the petitioner.
He spoke on the illegal delegation of
power by the Supervisors to the Board of
Health, and on the other issues Involved
tn the discussion. In the course of his re
marks he paid the folU^rtng well deserved
tribute to the Federal courts:
"I am glad that I stand in a Federal
court; I am proud that' I do, for I be
lieve that if it was not for that incor
ruptible branch -of the .government we
would not have to-day a republic to live
for to fight for and to die for. The Fed
eral court has never crushed a man. how
ever poor, hated or despised. It has never
turned away an apollcant for Justice,
however much he might be set upon and
hounded by irnoranee. prejudice or pas
sion. And this petitioner stands before
this tribunal of my country, trtiich we all
love, and he says. 'I. am here under the
sacred * honor and i protection of this re
public, and yotir Honors are not reaching
out to gra.op for power.*
"Wr>3? da you care for nower?" enn
tlnued Mr. Shortridira. "Indifferent alike
to censure or to praise. Indifferent to the
plaudits of the multitude or its execration,
you are here to do justice under your
catfcs. r.oi to be frightened by the sugges
tion that there has be* 1 n: here an attempt
to encroach upon the so-called powers of
thr IVard r-f Suoervlsor!» cr the Board of
Health of this municipality-" ~*
c\t the Board of He'** u Mr. Shortri(2?*»
Mr. Campbell next addressed the court,
beginning hts argument with a reply to
Mr. Dunne's contention that the Federal
courts could not interfere between the
police pewers of the State and the per
sons and property to be injuriously af
fected by thft^exercise thereof. He took
the ground that every ordinance or stat
ute baaed upon a pretense of the exer
cise of the police power should net be
considered a lawful creature of th!s
power. •
As to the Jurisdiction of the court. Mr.
Campbell cla'.med tbnt Jfrw Ho, a. subject
of the EinpfTor of Ch!na. and other per
sons bearing the same relation under the
treaty with China, were being uniawfully
discrimlnated against and In violation of
the rights guaranteed by the constitution
of the United States and of the treaties
between this Government and that cf the
Chinese empire.
The speaker proceeded to show that the
Supervisors had r.'.med at the Chinese
race alone, and that all Caucasians within
the quarantine Hn"? were exempted from
the oppressive rpfn;'.atlons of the quaran
tine. The Sapervfaori had acted in an
arbitrary manner by stating in the ob
jectionable ordinance that the quarantine
should be continued, not until all danger
of infection hadr pessed but "until th<*
further pleasure ot the board." a-limita
tion which Mr. Campbell denounced as
tyrannical, unauthorized ar.d Illegal.
The proposition was la!d down by the
speaker and reinforced by numerous au
thorities that while the Supervisors had
this extraordinary police power, they had
it only upon the circumstance and con
dition" that a contagious and infectious
disease existed within a certain pre
scribed district !n this city. All the evi
dence presented by the petitioner before
the court was that the bubonic plague
had never existed !n this city. All that
the experts of the Board of Health had
presented were affidavit? that they
thought that the plague existed in this
city. Besides that th^re was not a sinarle
averment on the ether s!<le that the five
medical members of the Board of Health
had ever graduated from a medical col
lege. With reference to Color.el Mendell.
one of the other members cf the Board
of Health, the speaker asked what prob
lem In Euclid- cr what textbook on trig
onometry ever taught Engineer ilendell
to take the square of the angle of a-bu
bonic germ. He asked als>o concerning
Chief of Police Sullivan, the "hero ©f a
hundred parades In San Francisco." when
(I'd he brush away the smoke of the sham
battles of the League of the Cross Cadets
on the sand dunes to place the micro
scope to hi.« eye and say that plague
germs existed in San Francisco? It did
not appear on the face of the answer
that Dr. Kellogg or Dr. Klnyoun ever
had an hour's experience with the bu
bonic plague. f
A Wsjointed Theory.
Aimed at ths Chinese.
The next affidavit, that of Dr. Stephens,
of twenty years' practice in London. Lelp
sic and other European centers, set forth
that he was familiar with the symptoms,
nature and history of the bubonic plague,
and that if the ca?es reported; in China
town by the Health E^ard were those of
genuine plague hundreds, perhaps thou
sands, of the population of Chinatown
would be now dying or dead. The affiant
had examined several of the so-called
plague casts in this city and swore posi
tively that they were not cases cf the
bubonic plague or of any other plague, or
epidemic whatever.
The message of Governor Gage, pub
lished in yesterday's Issue of The Call,
was then read by Mr. Shortridge. and a
batch of other, similar affidavits were
handed up to the court.
The next affidavit was by George VT.
Cable. M. D.. a regular allopathic physl
sian. to the effect that in tuberculosis,
actinlmyeosis. scrofula and some other
diseases swelling of the . glands was a
common and symptom. The
deponent denied that the bubonic plague
had ever existed in this city, and as
serted that in all cases , the clinical his
torv was not known to the Board of
Health, ar.d that the microscopical exami
nation cf the cultures from the glands of
the decedents should be -supplemented
with a complete clinical history of the
case.
A Cosunon Symptom.
plague either with regard " to their own
persons after having been In contact with
the bodies of the persons alltg-ed to have
died of the plague or with regard to the
persons of others. In one instatace j the
naked body of an alleged victim was al
lowed to He for several nours covered only
with a thin sheet in an undertaking shop
in Chinatown, and after the autopsy that
was made In the same place the Board of
Health neglected to fumigate the place or
attempt In any other way to destroy or
sterilize the germs that may have found,
lodgment In the case, j
terla of the ' bubonic plague had been
found in tfce glands or other parts o£ the
body of the aforesaid G!ng. He alleged
that the Board of Health had not taken
the ordinary precautions against the
-THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JTJXE 15, 1900. ?
5
Where Discrimination Is Shown in Quarantine Line.
Telephone Stock for Sale.
SAFEST AND BEST INVESTMENT BEFORE THE PUBLIC TO-DAY.
PEOPLE'S MUTUAL TELEPHONE COMPANY.
CAPITAL STOCK S 5, OOO. OOO. SO.OOO SHARES OF SIOO EACH.
Is the owner of the most valuable Telephone Franchise In the
United States. \ " .
Has 35OO contracts for use of Its telephones. I
Has assured net Income of over S I OO.OOO a year.
CIVES city FREE telepl)9n«s cod switching In all cUy offices: FREE f\v
and Police Cspsrtrr.co: wires.
CIVES city telephooe users $2,000,000— 20.000 shar:s cf Its stoclc for using 1U
phones.
Charges lower rates that) Bell Cotqpcny.
Will pay 10 ptr cent dividends on l.s stoclc If supported by telephone users.
GUARANTEES that no assessment will ever b: levied on Its stock-
. Will keep rrjilllons of dollars Iq Callfsrnla that now go to Eastern capitalists.
ONLY 5OOO SHARES for saU. for construction purposes, at $25 00 a sban;
rr.. payable In rtjontij y Installments of 55.02. Last day for subscription Jutjm
30. 1900 A|
Full information furnished on application to
PEOPLE'S MUTUAL TELEPHONE COMPANY,
206 Sansome Street, San Francisco. /
J Seven Sutherland Sisters* Hair Graxer — Demonstrated by Long-Haired Ladies — in Rotunda. J
li §3<5O "Khaki" $2.OO Shoes $1.23. |
J^ Sfer«v s&s » -'m. £f*4 ¦ m 9 S Bfe.1 Ladies' Nabia Kid Button Shoes, saw opera toes, jj
,j? Saf§B*t§, %plmM%Jm W J \lA pateat leather ti?3, Goodyear welt sewed %4t\ X
5 /V^ull the genuine "Khaki," Lirgtry doth. ijSL'V'^^ 8, regularly J2.00 pair, •*
S 1^P^\ wash skirts— flarin? or straight— lapped Tit^sMsLV* oa sa!e /o-J jy o«/f .
5* I \\~&)/> sea^. at half price. Tae factory UliFfe^'^w n»« Aisie-RUit'of E=tra=c e . -J
%" 'rV>-y^/ mada a mistake and go: two shades '—' ¦*
5" \W/X ' Q«d in each skirt. Color3 are eo near ~*%~^Lm . %
K y/^\s~- alike that 1 difference is scarcely notice- ipl.OU G/OCHS #^P*^%^ S
S <=3sjh&iX-& able, but it made a difference of hale ia J>O m
tr ~^VP' ; -Pn the price to n» and ha^f ia the price to &J*UOm &&&\?*£%t %
& ! /M^!a'' l ;\ yoa; washin? will most likely remedy Oaly 100 of these charaing hasd-dec- **
h _/^t»''! |i!; f 'V* — ¦ " {^ 9 trouble. Tae cloth /-<K ra:e '^ fOrc s ' a^ t° s^ o i'* Clocks, sii3 Jj^CS^V* 2 'x
if £^ f lii: i i';i'' ; 5;^t C05ts Eors thaa to ~ t»^*3> £ * l - T 6 '^c^a. ia the asd grees *i3 S
K /i-'7;*nTf ; '*-'i!'yt^* da? ' <i &1 TUZ *cr'~?i tiata, with 2ow»r and gilt d-corrv- S "'
j*. pri:e nfrl ** & v^? tioa*. As3or;i3 noveme^:3 fa>1 ? '5
K -^^& S&ni Waists ,^9?^ g«J Bte 4 . "P 1 '" 1^ Cf 08^*9^*^® -5
K .T nearly half mHuUV^ Jl.oO.special/o-^ron/r^l.UO jt
$ or fee— A «pecal pnrcbw of hnalreds /^^fJrfH Clock Deraruneat-Rot^ada. x ' J
tf of fancy p^rca'es — ortlr gcoJ qualitus—on /lilf !!il\\\ oc'n f *"» E>«#S "*
£ special sa«> t -iay <Fii *av> only— 75c \^J i/VX—/ j£OC tSQGK UOF21DS 'I OCm «J
£¦ Waut«. 43 o; <1.00 Wa ; sts 69c; A special purchase of 300 -Empy-a" Baci Cosnha. ia shell, all x
tf 51.25 sn\ $1?-' Wai*t3, 985* 'lljS& \\l» new patterns, plain and fancy desisoi, regular re- ]g~*m 5'
J Seconii Fioor-Frcnt. n tail price 25c each, to*day only ««.... 'wC *»
| Fine Wash Goods /^n, Child's $4.GQ \ |
g Half Price To-Day. M& Jacket 92.45. \
The bie et?re offers about 2XX> yard^ of hi^h grade Eng- 33&* Very Pretty all-wooL tisat-fittiaz. tai!or-iaad» 1«
\ fish PlsjziOSin a mo?t desirable aa-ortaent of color- ' Jackets for children 6 to 10 years old — \,
X icf?; piqce3 that were impcrtei to sell for, and have *"£f tt.-*2s*& 3 «<ason*3 style — collar hasdaosiely Jf
K s!^ay3 b??n soli for, 2Cc per yard — special to- «*»_ j* *?>^ trissed ia blue or red, price JtCZ "5
|» day." Friday, any JUG f » -j PHf regularly $4.00, to-dar only- 9^m*r& jj
Eai« Tables-Mam A!sie. Mu\\W Hasdfcce ?5.00 all-woo!, tight-fittiag tailor- .J
J illiWllijn nade kersey Jackets, for ages 6 to 12 'J
£ B&gnif^lhefri/rfiGZ E4l2diff ffiff years, beautifully trtased with silk braii x
g B*5&2g*gVMITMBg&y FBetiBM WMMo / acd fize buttons, this season's (.tries, b'.ue .J
g A Clean-Up Sale of many broken line?; prices JjfaL [^tfij**?* 1 "^ mljr ' $3.45 X
V reo^ilar y 5c to 31 25 yard — for this day only, ' '- J
J half off regular prices: Miiiinery Specials. /hff-K S
g Fkirt Rrfflings. Crjpe Li^ Richiap, To-day (Friday) only, all our Split Milaa N^W/Z2 3
I JfyR, -chine". Silk Raffl-ngs! SaDors, white, black or navy, at lia//- *
3f Smim Tables— Main Aisle. priCO S <f»^^^3r ' S
~ ¦ 51.00 Saiors -..:... -.. 50c '"^§^^. X
* Special! Friday Sate $2.00 sailors.. $1.00 •*
I All-Silk Ribbons, uoosanor. ~ -.$2.00 \^J : ;
V i£ 3 re than 20:0 rard, si y isb A'l-SHk Fancy Rbbon,- Per- S^??" 1 — rf^ftS, * i^*&~~
J ffans Biyadere'S ripes and Fancy Efpc s. for miniasiy $10.C0 Trxaaed Hat*, speeal now5S-00
$ purposes ard n e ck dresfinga; width 3 to 4J Iiche?; regular The big store hasbought an iin- "^^] x
* : V on*y 2>C ' 25 ° Md yardto " day fSc ' porter's stock of Trimmed and \
% X°F.ihk}l^ } j^^hw^ Untrimmed Hats at about 25c • J
H 4J inches wide; black or white only, for dress trimmings en the dollar, and Wjll begin •*
or ni;iiu*rv purposes; worth 25c per yard — /o» ***** - the sale of them Monday, June '%
Lf^rt;-;-; ~ W. See particulars and -2
i Sales Tables— Main Aisle. • • c j " "J
X pnce3 m Sunday papers. .«
I Wt\ Sw /<Wi Camp Stools 13c. \
%> m £ ' d&i Children's >^ lit Caara3 Can? Stooh that we sell re;?- Olx *=l. " '*
** /pj^-^g^O r* m,Mn M 'g csSSa^'fi clary at 20c <5c Ies3 thaa usual yh\ A,^/T^r «J
J^ ffi:Jw^r«/^A IJr&WGF'Sm A^^gjt! price), a gcoi, strong stool, special m\ j£^\ %
J J»>"|"i»»>VVVvFor two dayv only- S^V^^^^i to-dsronly. each 13o x£\£-^^\ •*
K WSSSS^f/// Frid*y and Siturdav. \V^i^a:| Porch Chairs 73c— Hard- -jS
a - t;^ !rryax^ r - n r// Caiiiirrii's Hasiin D aw- N^\^^«|jU: wooi fran:e steazer or reclinis^ J^^^^^ X
V I'TT' 1 .' ""^T/ ers — P^* 11 en w ' 1^ porch Chairs, with striped C3nvas **
tf f"' -««/ 4 tucks. ?eat3, regularly here $1.00 each. J0£*^ *2
ft A-es 2 4 6 8 • 10 12 14 to-dav onfy. 73o^— J
ft - Second Floor— In TOT DEPARTMENT. J|
j: Special...- lGc~ 12c 15c 18: 21c 24c 27c ""¦ ' .~~7~Z~ m .,. . — ~ ?
g. Children'.-* Fine Ma?lin Drawers -wide in seat-trimmed with £ pGCIBS Sale Higk-Grade S
| |g||J|§g|§i L s_ Mg u_ Vegetables anil Fruit J
»; Soect.nl .......2Dc 25c 30c 35s 40c 43c 5Cc Balance of 3500 this of staadard high-grade Fruits and Veg- x
£ Second Floor. etables offered to-day aad Saturday while quantities last **
*>* — ; at the foHowisjr remarkable prices : 3
| Lace Curtains 81c Pair. l££^Z&%2£SS£tt£Z!ZJ58l $
fc* An absurdly low price for gocd rjatterned, strongly 500 tins Victory Succo ta %h, per tin 9c -J
•* woven Lace Curtains; these are3vards long, 45 500 tias Victory String Eoans, per ta tCo \
K inches wide, and there are s:x very pretty pat- loootins Hanfa 3-ib Apricots, peeled asd sliced, per ,j
i? terns from which to choose — the special tn ** " — " 2 '° Jb
Fa ie price, to-day only, per pair Blc Grocery Specials Friday. S
Jt Drarery Departn.ent-nr»t Floor. (knuiae Fat MaC*ere/, 3 for 25c S
ftT - b^.* ~~4*~t Beat Manziaillo 0//VO8, quart I5o -J
*; /O< LatlieS MtaipOrg&a Fairbanks Clairette Soap, 8 bars 2 So '5
h iNv^^^ EJ****** U*%tf Di*S***n Fancy imported Sardines, Dandicolle aad Gaudies Au- *f
* nose ' nan rrtce 80Mf j tiB3 ..._ _ Wo .%
£ / uV wit Tr>-il-nr Libby'a Roast Beef, 1-lb tins, 2 for. 25o •
K 'h'MlMf au-*Jsaym MaxAmV Lun 2 h Tongue, lib th» 2 So x
«f '¦! |lA il'/. Ladies? Imported Lis'e Thread Hose; a?«rred Fresh Crisp Soda Crackers, i wood boiea, to-day.... «J
{* * m\ ' shads of tan aid ms3et; Rxhetien, R>n- ~ •'• ...40c •
** Ufvk * brandt and Cn * ter R^bed; th* best of 50c Mala nocr-R«r : •,
Jy «Ss —!-"»• ~» 25c ' Liquor Specials Friday. :?
&y* second' Alsle-Lf ft of Entrance. "Dew c f Bahzfroig" brand of Scotch WMskf, bottled jj
S* — i m a* it* "5 * **. ' a Glasgow, Scotland, a perfect whi3ky. bo : tie 80 C **
S»t £3SeI iVtirrOrS <tZ°C. z niandcl Clsr-at, 5 years old, oaz popular 75c oer *J
5* Very pretty bronia framed Eise! Mirrors, siz? 4jx62 inches; gallon quality "••"••••; 49o jt
Si beveled edg? plate-ghss of good quality, soiidaetal f Cedar Run Bourbon Whisky, our 12.50 per C3i ion 5
f£ back'. vont<* b» cheap a*- 35c e3ch — to-day's price... 4SMC qnality. a j^neral faTurite, to-day, per gallon &I.9O -J
e» Drug- Sundry Department— Rotunda. Main Floor— Rear. v
\ f*lo Pj^P^ s*r*dS \5c Cigars ?
I Cigars P doB^fi^ra^HtnBe fta^sga atin 7 for :5
{£ We. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- -AM ERICA'S GRANDEST STORE 25c. J
THE' EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THR TTMTHYRlII iVf.
I ELECTROZONE IS NOT AN |
;C Seme people seem to think that ELECTROZOXE is an elpctric Jh
•¦C b^'.t or 3.T7)'.'.JiT.re. The public have. been deceived ar.4 robbed d *VI
nonev and health so much by electrical appliances that they are £C
~j- prejudiced against anything that pertains to electricity as a. cure CC
>£ for disease. It Is generally known that electrical appliances are r£
"¦ dary^ermis for the reason that they \-SA the victim into fal?e Be- £#
>j curfty by impressing him with the idea that they are "doing Jr
5? soraethiner" for his aliment. They may cure many diseases that X%
~£- have existed In the Imagination only, or may produce benefit by 2?-
C; creating a more hopeful mental state, but they will not cure act- £.
2s ual disease. PC
yh ELECTROZOXE Is not an imaginary cure. It h a liquid in- Jrt
iZ ternal remedy, and beyond all doubt Is the most effective era^l- <J+
r^ cater of disease known to the world to-cay. Thera is no case of ¦££
I Rheumatism, |
I Kidney and Bladder Ailment, |
Stomach Trouble, |
I Catarrh, |
| or Blood Disease I
Sc that cannot be quickly and permanently cured by ELECTRO- £C
g ZON'E. It works with amarins i»f>TilT.«— the afflicted r-annot ex- iv
<C prt5s their jrratitcde fcr this marvelous remedy. ELECTRO- C
R3 ZONE has faved many a poor FUlTerer from the prave. If you are g;
~X all broken elewn -srith rheumatism and your joints 5wollen to the ii
*X extent that •walking i* irsiwpslbVe. this remedy urill eive almost r*
3? lmmedfate reliefs and af:ef takire- from three to six bottles yon £J
"^k f-Tf permanently rured. ELECTROZON'E acts upon the blood— -v
65 the most vital part c* the human body— and failures of permanent y>
S cures are unkr.oxrn to tills vr.paralleled remedy.
>3 For »"'" by a:i Dru?ri?tj. Jl a Bottle. .
-?Q 6«nd tor pamphlet ta ELECTROZOXE MFG. CO., S. F. f^Royal Arcanum Day.
Rer. Dr. Woods of the First Baptist
Church of this city returned yesterday
from Ms vacation in the East. WhUe in
Detroit he attended the National 'Bartl^
Convention as the delegate from Califor
nia. On Sunday morning Dr. Woods w.'.l
occupy his old pulpit and in the evening
will preach on "Vacation Experiences."
Dr. Woods' Return.
WASHINGTOX, June 14. — C. I*. Raschig
and Mrs. L. Raschig, of/ Santa Paula, are
at the Raleigh; P. A: Fisher and wife of
San Francisco are at the St. James; E.
A. Doran and wife of Los Angeles are at
the Rlggs.
CALITORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
License Taxes Recommended.
The Supervisors' License and OrtJem
Committee decided on Wednesday to rec
ommend the Indefinite postponement of
McCarthy's ordinance imposing a license
on all encroachments on sidewalks and
streets. Favorable action was taken on
ordinances Imposing a license of $6 per
quarter on persons who sell goods from
a stationary wagon or stand occupying
the public streets or sidewalks: of 110
per quarter on lnclosures wherein ba*ebai!
games are held when an admission fee is
charged; of CO per quarter on house mov
ers, and of graduated sums on restaurant
liquor dealers, owners of beats, proprie
tors of billiard tables and bowling alleys,
proprietors of lodging-houses and can
teens.
•merit.
The firm cf Shr*ve & Co.. at Market a=d
Pest streets, have taken the Initiative in
a movement that will likely socn beccma
general, and win close their store at S
o'clock on Saturday afternoons and at 5 p.
m. on other days during the summer sea
son in order to give their employes core
Ume for rest and recreation. The new
rule will go into effect on June 30 arsd ccn
tlnue until September 1.
By far the larger number of employes in
downtown store* cannot afford vacation*
during- the summer months, and the lore
noun? at this season of the year axe very
trying on them. In Eastern cities expe
rience has shown that early closing hours
6ooa become popular with purchasers arui
the benefits to the working clashes a~
very great. The members of tfc» Sra of
Shreve & Co. are confident that the ex
periment they sre about to try here will
be successful, cot only in benefitinr tha
employes but In stimulating them to
greater efforts for the pood of the firm.
EARLY CLOSING HOURS
DURING THE SUMMER
Firm cf Shreve & Co. Take the Initia
tive in a Popular Move-
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
Fred Bushnell. the well-known pho
tographer, and James W. Coffroth, secre
tary of the Superior 'Court of San FTan
cisco. left yesterday morning on the Cen
tral overland for the East. Mr. Cof
froth will go to Philadelphia, but Mr.
Bushnell has the Paris Exposition In view
and will cross the Atlantic.
A number of prominent Los Angeles
business men arrived In the city yester
day and registered at the Grand. Among
them are A. H. oJebltz of the Los An
geles Brewery. I* P. Collette, John E.
Yoakum. Thomas - Vacher. Thomas T.
Savage and J. E. Logan and wife.
Hamilton Smith, the well-known min
ing engineer, has returned to the city and
is stopping at the Palace.
Louis Conrad, a mining man 01 Qulncy,
Plumas County, is stopping at the Russ.
Dr. "W. B. George' of Antiocn Is at the
Grand.
Dr. A. T. Hudson of Stockton is at the
Occidental.
L. A. McKeown and wife have returned
to the Palace.
Captain Wilson Chase is registered at
the Occidental.
F. A. West, a merchant ot Stockton,
is at the Palace.
H. D. C. Bamhart. a merchant of Santa
Cruz, is at the Lick.
R. M. McKle, a newspaper nan of Col
ton, Cal., is at the Russ.
Dr. Henry Bergsteln and wife of Reno
are stopping at the P&.lace.
j. "n*. Toung, a mining man of Fort
Jones, is stopping at the Russ.
PERSONAL MENTION.
floor manacer and assistant. Invitations
•will be issued by members of the vanous
councils.
|.\ 7HILE the people of San Francisco have been
\ wV/ engaged in the task o£ putting such restric
tions upon advertising fences as will prevent
j them from continuing to be a public menace by rea
• son of their excessive height, the people of the East
have advanced to a anther stage in the movement for
j the elimination of that form of nuisance, and, are now
j considering the advisability of subjecting it 'to taxa
'• tion.
When the war revenue act was under consideration
• by Congress some two years ago the New York
I Tribune advocated the taxation of poster advertising
\ on the ground that :he business is highly profitable
I and can wdl afford to bear its share bf public bur
.; dens. The same view has now been taken by the
] Outlook, which asks: "Ought not its share of the
' public burden to be put upon a business that from
• its size is presumably so profitable, and that con
tributes so much to make life hideou^even in cases
vrhere its output cannot be called morally offensive?
j Why should a public necessity, like a bank check, pay
i a tax and the too familiar eyesore go free of tax?"
In commenting upon the support thus given to it>
I original suggestion the Tribune says: "Just at pres
' cr.t there is no need of new Federal imposts, but the
! posszbilSty of more strictly regulating billboards un
: der State or municipal authority is worth consider
; ing. We have laws here forbidding bills near parks
j and parkways, but they are not well enforced, any
1 more than are our laws for the protection of natural
I scenery from the sign-painting fiend. Public taste is
rot }*et educated to the point of securing enforcement
i of these laws, much less of adopting the Edinburgh
¦ plan of confining public advertising to specificl
¦ places where the ugliness of bills is least offensive.
! But we might take some steps to abate the unbridled
: exuberance of this most defacing and often debasing
; intrusion on public attention."
Taken in connection with the movement here to
j limit advertising fences to a height ne'e exceeding
• ten feet, these expressions from the other side of the
continent are interesting as illustrations of the grow
: ing artistic taste of the American people and the in
! creasing disgust 2t offensive nuisances which in times
i past have been freely tolerated in public places.
i Slowly the laws cf our municipalities tend to the es
i tabHshnient of a better order of things, and by and by
j we shall have cities whose principal thoroughfares at
j least are free from anything that offends the eyes and
; the minds of cultured people.
THE FENCE POSTER NUISANCE.
Senate December 19; the aatJ-trast W31.
passed by the House; the Pacific catfa.e
bill, passed by the Senate; the eh!pj>ic?
bill, reported favorably by committees or
both houses; reyolutlora providlag for
th<? election of Senators by the z#*)?\e.
passed by the House; bill creating- aa
Oriental Commerce Commission passed by
the Senate.
•The affairs of the Philippine* ha/re
been discussed to a very great extent.
i but no definite action has been taken,
j The only legislation as to Cuba related
i to shipping. The Senate ratiS»d the
1 Hague \f-AC*: or arbitration treafv. si1»'»
j the Bamoan treaty with Germacy an*
i England, which gives us tne importiat
naval station of Pago Pa^o. The United
States Industrial Commission is contin
ued until December 15, 1SO1.
Important Bills Signed.
"Among- the important blll3 passed and
signed by the President are the follow-
Ins:
The flaarxial b!3!. ppeeiflcallr afSnnlnf sound
J mc'ney for the people; the Porto Rico bill, pro
1 vidlns for civil government and a revenue for
i the islands the bill providing a territorial fora
1 of ffOTemrnerst for tie Territory of Hawaii;
f the bill ettaW'.Jhlr? a civil and criminal co&s
j fcr Ala«ka, and !nci<5*ntaJlv providing; for mta-
I ing a! :;? the seashore and beneath the waters
i of the ocean: the extradition bill, applying to
: cur insular possessions; the bill chancing th«
j general i*n»ion laws, advocat-d by the Orand
Army of the Republic, permittee th« asr?re
j ration of diM-billtles. tic; the '•free homes"
; bill. FrovMir.sr for the patenting of hemosteads
j on public lands acquired frcm Indians on pay
1 inent of the usual fees; the bill j><?rTa;tting tb»
j S~ecretar>' of Aprlcultar«» to restore pat birds
j which are becoming extinct.
I The sundry civil bill appropriates JS.0O0.C0O
' for the St. Louis Exposition: th- naval bill
j authorizes two battleships, three armored cruis
i ers. three pretexted cruisers and five submarine
j beats: under certain conditions an armor plate
j manufactory may be constructed by the Gov- !
! emment: tfce military acadpray bill. Frovld
i in* fcr the app-Mnttaect by the President of
! fi.'iy cadets from the United State* at larse:
t bill providing that the dry dock at Mar*
I Island be built of stone and concrete, and not j
! -wood: a till providing for the empioyment ot ;
; a certain number of apprentices In the United |
; States mlr.ts. From EM to »^» privat* peasloTi
I claims were rass«^l during the se»«lon.
"Sun'eys have been authorized to deter
: mine the advisability of closing the
: mouths of the more important blind
i slouch^ of the San Joaquin River; to
' examine the San Joaquin River and wa
terways connecting it with the Straits of
Carqulr.ez; to examine Oakland harbor
. with a view to It3 Improvement to meet
i the needs of present ar.d prospective
'- commTce from the western end of the
• tidal canal to deep water. The sum of
;¦ JKMXQ is authorized to be paid for the
i purrhase of Ian- necessary for the con-
I structlon of debris dans and impounding
' works in California. - provided aa equal
amount is paid by the State, and provid
,' ins: that the Secretary of War may pro
i ceed at once with the construction of said
I works. Out of the appropriation of J150.- '
; 000 for tog signals, the lighthouse Boaxd i
i has promised to establish a number of I
! continuous burning gas buoys in the bay !
• of San Francisco. A bill was also '.
' passed applying the laws of the United ]
i States for acquiring title to coal lands 1
; to the d?5trict of Alaska. We also se- :
; cured a special aprropriatlon to repair :
: and fit up the United States steamer I
Thetis for use of the Government officials \
¦ in Alaska.
\ Appropriations for Pacific Coast.
"Among the more important appropria- !
1 tlor.s in which California and the Paci2c :
! Coast are interested are the following:
j For a military tel-graph for th» De
1 partment of Alaska, over which com
i merctal busings may be trar.yacted.-.JCO.Sa !
! Fcr Courthouse and Postoffice at Lcs An- i
j sreies the Secretary of the Treasury Is authcr
' tzed to enter Ir.t :¦ contract for conspletlcn of tiie
i addition.
For postcfflee at Oakland, continuing of
bulldias £0.000
i For rent Federal buildlr?. Les Armeies.. S.5O
I For Marine Hospital. San Francisco 8.0*»
i Quarantine Etaiicn. San !»;¦.«-- ZZ. -•¦>
¦ Quarantine station. Pan Francii«co I3i."(*»
i Lijfhthocses oa Pacific Coast 2».>O0
I LJrht vessel 80,CO>
UKITED STATES EENATOB
GEORGE C PERKINS.
1^Zt*'ti=. 9 Ccarr aw
For «*«t» t/m*c-zs ***1 BKJirtw SJwt
For •irT'-r* cf «*J<t zrA y*jd3c Scat*. ''
*i-i Alt***. «^»
Fl»h etiitaral *t*lira* ' » » *'
Smvmliaxm «jq Albatrc** -"ri"Z"1i *
Tor l»r«Kixmtica V. aet:=« rrr^aa4» or
AtUjsile. *isli *»J PaeiS* eotw CSW
Tvt IvjA *=A etotiis* i ?r ratlTW «-_,__.
yfKJ^".m **1S£SjC tj£JTTi*m. JL±MX* • '•>
7'Jt •^.l',T~l2g <Jii3*»» •¦X£}-3»i53 «Tt.
yf*r5f.« ri.t'.T'.rEJtr.: cz4*z <;r«rtl55 ei
'>S£Mii«yr :'. Jir=::«-«xi < » - VPi.tf:
Vst *zl'**.-n^z~ ~£ «tl*a extract \Mx*
Jt-m* *.-.¦! «."-•- - "?* «-*.'-. >»-'•= *.¦-- -- ¦ •
V**r»«is* rntmt*. H***i. *»-22
Y-jt vmvr.vx. '1 <r.*,'jt^v* \* -*$
r<» j-rv^ni-ra *£ Ivr-rt r**erre»~.. K*-TW
Y'.t f&Jerui,~J!* mxrsrj* -— S*.*U>
Al£*fc* S.T0
Y'X «a.-2«Jr* err<!*=* ta t=r_*r«*t cl tvut
•CK-Jjr a&d lrriMTioe — -»-v 2**5
Isifr'/»«r=*3.t of Y'.*<«-:iT« Txrz 4.00*
Ur^nr^ofrot it h^-^-.a. KVAVsal Park.. 19.SW
f-arfc ..-~.. 3.300
Tot l3-ta*trl»! tsyi eiraenial etad-^ca
cf dxiidrea la Alack* 1= *****<— t» S3
per c«st of Ufl-atT liG*=«e».. ... 23.900
For .Mz.-*-a r*lzAe*r b*r4 ................ ; '""
taprorlrL* Grar» fcartor 63.9M
Isifrrrizf OaJtia.s'i tartxw !¦' >¦
l3^rvr!Ey Saa Fra^-rUeo bailor IT3.060
Isprvrlrg £±mzr.ez.io Rir»r W.900
topnwtaa Co^asitla. RJ-r»r 2M.000
Tra.r»:im exp«»=sr« far United Sta.t»» l*w
cfSrers i= j± >****. asd re=t 1= ir.nArstal
expenses. Aiuka. COM
Ccur.s*l for MUsioa ;-.: i.-j. Socth-ra
California. 19»
Na.Ts_: ira:-.:-jf *-.av. n C4.1Sa
Navy rari. tods, etc, I=clu4:=« CO06
for a chapel fXTO
Naval Hospital. Mare Islaad ; j :
Ccnstractloa- plant. Mar* :»'ar.-«. far
bcilding: acd repairias nicxSem t-«i-v«-^
»nr _. v :-?
For Cal!f3rr.ia Debris CcTmnisrton ZX .ut
For Solllers' Hoaae, Sasta Musics, »n4
Federal aid State Veteran** Home n,30
Money for Coaling: Statisiis.
"These appropriations will ez&ble th»
Xa\*y Department to continu* an avera^*
force of mechanics at work during -_ie
coming year. The sum of J2PO.0Q0 is ap
propriated for the payment of pay arrea.r»
of two and three, years' volunteer*, boun
ty, commutations of rations, etc., apply
ing to soldiers In the Spanish* as w?l! as
former wars. There is appropriated JTOO,-
CO0 for the establishment of coaling sta
tions. Of this sum a large amount will be
devoted to establishing such a station in
San Francisco harbor and another at San
Die?ro.
••The total appropriations authorized m.
the regular appropriation bills is *?¦».-
T23.4T5, an increase over the appropriation
fcr the present fiscal year of about C3.(XC,
000. The larsrest amounts are as follows:
Array, tK4.:£>/35: legislative. C4.17fi.SE::
navy. *3.'"*0,S:6: postofSce. JUi.vi? .^,. ¦.:
pensions. IH5,215.3i>.
STILL A FBEQTD OF GBEENE.
Senator Perkins Says Estee Was He-
Kin ley's Choice for Ha-sraiian
Judgeship.
OAKLAND, June 14.— United States
Senator Gecrg* C. Perklr.s a.-.d Cor.jrres's
man Victor H. M«tca!f have returned
from Washington to their homes in this
city. Senator Perkins arrived this isorn
ir.g ar.d Congressman Metcalf arrived
Tuesday night. Both the Senator and the
Representative agree that the last session
of CcEgress was one of the most impor
tant In the history of the country, for it
had many raatterg to disuse of as the re
sult ot the Spanish-American war.
As to Judge Greene and the Hawaiian
Judgeship, Senator Perkins said:
"I Indorsed Judre Greene as aa able
Jurist and an honest man. and I Lave
never taken thathack ar.d never win. Ks
to the Hawaiian Jadff*hlp. that was jet
tied when Professor Moses wa? given the
Philippine Commission. President McKItj
ley desired to do something for Mr. Estee
and th* Hawaiian Judjreship was all that
was left. If the appointment had not
gone to Mr. Estee It would have gone to
son* other State. If Judge Greene fcaa
made any attacks upon me It Is not the
first time that I have had s-ch r&cks
thrown at me."
The return of Cor.rressraan Victor H.
Metcalf to Oakland has airalcened poMti
cal interest more than anything else. Mr
Metcalf will now look after his caznpa:ra
for CongTess.
"I hare nothing: to say politically." said
Mr. Metcalf. "As to the worfc of Con
gress, that has been told by the daJlv pa
pers. The California delegation in Cos
press wielded great influence, and the Im
portance of California In Washirston is
grrowin? with the develorment of trade
and affairs on the Pacific Coast. The ope
rations of the Government ca tha Pa
ciSc have made California tha center ot
observation a* n»v*»- h*?.-ir» "
SENATOR PERKINS DCELARES
MeKINLEY'S RE-ELECTION SURE
Scott Would Be Good
Running Mate—
Dewey May Help
Out Bryan.
«ro? S public sentiment now stands. It
//\\ Is almost certain that the Presl
k "U dentlal election will result In a vic
tory for McKinley. Though the op
posite party has been making strenuous
efforts and done mcch good work. It is
hard to see how they can enake the sta
bility of the present administration, the
beneficial effects of wfclch are to b« seen
on all sides: such at least is toe opinion
in Washington. I believe that the body of
voters the United State* over share xhla
conviction."
In these words Senator Perkins, who has
just returned from Washington, Bums up
the present indications of the outcome of
the Presidential contest.
"While tee nominations of McKinley and
Bryan as opponents for the Presidential
office are foregone conclusions." continued
the Senator, "the choice or running mates
is by no means so certain an affair. The
late war has, of cours*. increased tee
prestige of a naval or military man, and
I am inclined to think that the Demo
cratic party will nominate Dewey for the
Vice Presidential office. It Is an open se
cret that he. if offered the nomination,
would accept it. There can exist no doubt
that his name would lend strength to
the Democratic ticket. There is through
out the Eaet a very strong undercurrent
of feeling for the admiral, and though
this may have been weakened by the
events of the past few months, it still ex
ists. Then there 1? Hearst. 1 understand
that he is making a try for the nomina
tion. I think he stands some chance.
Scott for Vice President.
"On the Republican ticket the struggle,
I think, lies between four men—Congress
man Dolliver. Senator Fairbanks. Secre
tary of the Navy Long and Irving M.
Scott. The latter I should be inclined to
pick for a winner. He would be in every
respect the man for the place.
"1 don't see how the issue some Demo
crats are making ot the attitude of the
administration toward the South African
situation can affect the result. This coun
try surely has trouble enough of her own
without picking a quarrel with England.
I myself svmpathize heartily witn the
struggling patriots, but the attitude the
administration adopted was the only one
right and possible under existing circum
stances. The real issue of the coming
campaign will be 'can we or can we not
afford to adopt a change of administra
tion and thereby upset the whole course
of things?" Everything is at present run
ning smoothly. Those who want, work
have no difficulty in finding it and at fair
was^s. There is every prospect of our
dependencies being speedily brought to the
*ta?e where their usefulness to the na
tion will commence. A change of admin
istration naturaily means a change of the
whole political life of the nation. A
change in political life must of necesslty
react with an unhealthy effect on busi
ness and would In all probability give the
nation a setback from which it might be
years before she would recover. Of course
there are malcontents, but lay your nnger
directly on the pulse of the nation and
you wi'il nnd it beats for another term of
McKinley."
California's Part in Congress.
As regards the part California has
played in the first session of the fifty
sixth Congress, the Senator had the fol
lowing to say:
"The session of Congress just terminat
ed has oeen a busy one. A large number
of Important bills has been presented.
Many of them have passed. A greater
numoer have: In fact, been passed than in
any -recent Congress. In all these meas
ures the California delegation has taken
an active interest. Their work and the
position maintained by them demonstrates
the breadth of view of members who have
the Interests of the entire country in view
as well as those of our particular State.
The legislation in the interest of Califor
nia has been very considerable. It 13 the
direct result of the manner in which all
the members of the delegation worked to
gether. Whatever measures were good
For, our State received the hearty Indorse
ment and support of every nr.e. The re
suit is gratifying to them. It will be. I
am sure, eratlfylng to the people. The
part the delegation has played demon
strates clearly the efficacy of the policy
of pulling together— a policy which other
States have found to lend much strength
to their cause and to gain them many ad
vantages.
Legislation Under Way.
"Among the importat bills on which one
or the other of the two houses has taken
favorable action, and which -will come up
for final disposition next winter are these:
"The Nicaragua canal) bill passed by the
House and made the special order in the
THE KfllSER flhD HIS NflVY.
l~) ERLIN dispatches announce that the Bundes
\\ rath has approved the navy bill and the meas
ures devised by the Government for carrying
out the plans of the proposed increase of naval ar
mament- It is added that when informed of the fact
the Kaiser exclaimed: "Now we know where we
c tand. \x last there is solid bottom under one's
It will be remembered that in a "recent speech on
the subject the Kaiser stated that unless the desired
increase of the navy were authorized it would be im
possible for him to promote the expansion of the em
pire and its commerce in the manner he desires. The
speech gave no intimation of the nature of the im
perial desires, or the direction in which he would un
dertake expansion. There were some who said he
wishes a larger share of Africa, others asserted he
would enter upon a general spoliation of China and
take a portion of that empire for Germany, while a
third set of prophets predicted that his "energies
would be .directed to this hemisphere — that- he would
seek a coaling station and perhaps more in the West
Indies, and room to found a German colony in South
America. Since the increased naval strength is now
tc be given to him, we may learn ere long which of
the three forecasts most accurately estimated his in
tentions.
Of course the Kaiser will not have a free hand all
at once. It takes time to construct warships. It is
evident, however, from the expressions reported that
the Kaiser already feels stronger than in the past.
He has overcome the opposition to his will in Ger
many, and that is a matter of no small moment He
knows where he stands. The empire is with him in
his schemes of imperial aggrandizement, and he can
act with more boldness than he could assume when
the opposition seemed strong enough to thwart his
plans. Germany is to be counted hereafter as an ex
panding empire, and Russia, Great Britain and the
"United States will hive to reckon with her on that
basis.
The Chinese crisis will keep the Kaiser busy for a
while, but it is not likely he will be permitted to at
tain anything in the way of territory from it. The
balance of power is too close at present for either
party to risk much, and even should the Kaiser and
the Czar agree upon a plan of partitioning China.
they would hardly venture upon it at this time.
There is a better field for immediate activity in
Africa. In the division of that continent Germany
received but an inadequate share. She came late to
the spoiling and had to take what the other powers
left. Now that Great Britain is involved in war with
the Boers, and France is scheming the annexation of
Morocco, it may be possible for the Kaiser, to in
crease the sphere of German influence in that con
tinent and materially add to the extent of German
possessions.
The reported intention of the. Kaiser to obtain one
or more of the West India Islands from Denmark,
and to get a portion of the South American conti
nent under German control, can hardly be well
founded. After the summary manner in which the
United States warned Great Britain not to venture
upon a war for aggrandizement in Venezuela, and
forced the British to submit their claims upon the
Venezuelans to arbitration, it is hardly to be sup
posed any other power will venture to violate the
Monroe doctrine. Taking all things into.considera
tion, therefore. Africa appears the best field for the
exercise of any expansiveness the Kaiser may feel,
but even in that quarter enterprise is risky, and
since the Kaiser knows where he stands just noM(.
it will be well for him to stand 'there a while and
not move too rashly. t
Of the two newly elected- United States Senators
from Louisiana one is said to be a gold standard man
and the other is in favor of annexing the Philippines,
yet both call themselves Democrats, and both are
going to support Bryan. That is a sample of the way
politics goes in the far South.
Bryan says his platform is to be 16 to 1, anti
trust and • anti-imperialism, but as • the South'* is • in
favor of imperialism, Tammany in favor, of trusts and
nobody in favor of free silver outside the* silver
States, the proposed platform can hardly be said to
fit the situation.
Kaiser William is to have his new warships, and
before long he will be proclaiming himself as "war
lord of the high seis." and "Rule, Germaniai" will
make the band beat in Berlin. y
THE APPOINTMENT OP DE VRIES.
A tariS is a stairte of taxation. By it a man's pri
rate property is exacted for public purposes. As in
sry statute of Uxatioo, the citizen whose property it
takes for public use is subject 10 over-taxation by
- - ¦ ¦ . ... - ' . ¦ ¦
n::jrcnftrucaoti of the law oa the part of rever:t:e
o5cers. \Vhea such is the case he hzs an appeal pri
marily to the treasury omccrs. and therefrom to the
co-arts. Formerly these appeals, almost always in
:''.::' 2 -. zzt-v^n cf !a'A. were made to the Secre*
tary of the Treascrj-. Their volume so increased
w.rh the ri?e of the country's importing trade that
the brsbess either congested in the treasun-. crowd
ing oct oth^r matters of administrationT or was it
self a«;riecte4. to the loss of the protesting parties.
To relieve the trex^ynr and the importers at one
Etroke. the Board of General Appraisers was created
by Congress, consisting of nine members appointed
for life, at a salary of $7500 per annum. The protests
... .
gn c:rectly from the revenue districts to this board.
zxd th«race an appeal lies to the Circuit Courts of
the United States, which may be taken by the pro
ttsting importer or by the Government. It will b?
f*en that this arran^emert relieves the treasury of
a jucicia! function, switches the protests entireiv
2ro*-r.d that cepartnjent of the Government, and
J:eep« the besiness in a judicial line of adjustment.
where it legitimately belongs.
In the first appointments made to this boa-d
if; was : not clearly seen that it was a highlv
y^-iicizl body, and so it came to pass that it
ir»ed the crc'pment for legal construction
which i« necessary to its highest efficiency. In
the appointment of Mr. Bynum. who h, a highly ac
ccmp::shcd lawyer, the President sought to remedy
this difficulty. But the hiw provides that r.ot more than
fire cfjthe nine members of the board shall be of the
?r.me political party. The Democrats in the Senate
objected to and defeated Mr. Bynam's nomination
cyon the ground th:t he was not a regular Demo
crat. This presented an opportunity to secure an
tble repref entative of this coast on the board. Demo
crat* of r both wings tnd Republicans combined in
pre^-erting Mr. de Vries to the President, and for
once this State has succeeded in getting a represen
tative in a place of the hijghest. importance to its
Mr de Vries is a gentleman cf first-class character
?nd attainment*, a lawyer of fine ability, with an en
viable jrablic and private record. It is a sacrifice of
ambition for him to take the place. He has made a
:fc:ul and able member of Congress. He has inde
1 Mjdence. bat that has ceased to injnre a public man
in this country, and he had in prospect not only a
continuance of his very distinguished parliamentary
career, but such advancement as the future course of
Even' bufiness interest concerned in foreign trade,
fiora Pnget Sound to San Diego, hopes for his ac
ceptance. The General Appraisers' • docket is
crowded with lor^y-delayed business from this coast.
He will clear it promptly and keep it clear in the
future. The large amount. of duties now tied np
swatting the decision of purely legal issues will be
released, and our importers will feel the great relief
ri prompt di c patch of their business. His appoint
ment is highly appreciated, and nNakes friends here
for those who urged it and for the administration
• ,.!C.'. 17. ...f' . .- . ¦ -
1 "Kc jr-ecple of the whole country and of the
Pacidc Coast especiaijy are to \k congratulated
* the appomtinent o: Hon. ..larion at v nes
to the 3ozrd cf Generil Appraisers.
A uTzti exp!?.r.?.t:on 01 the nature and functions of
thzi board m-ill disclose the importance of this ap-
Ch-ilized men have entered China for the avowed
; arpose of breaking up the old order of things and
establishing a new system, but when as a result of
the breaking there nppesrs anything like- a disturb
irce in the empire the Chinese themselves are ac
cused of maVing it. and then several sorts of armies
zrc rx^rched in to keep the peace by making war.
FRIDAY JUNE 15. I9*>
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor; -
;-:•«$ I i Ccf75-r.ur.isa bnsio W. 3. LEAKE. M*r*?er
SI A N % G rm*S O FTI r"E Tel ««ph em *^f^J?l?
iaULICATIOS OFF ICE.. Market »"«* Thtrd. 5. F.
TVlepfaon*' Frew 2OI
EDITORIAL nOOMS 2IT to 221 JteTe»t«» St.
lei-i.hnno Prr»* 2U2.
Delivered fcy r«rrl»>r». 13 C<ra«« Per Week.
'Inrli- C«pl^«. Z, Crntm.
Trrni h> Mall. larladlac Poatacei
D/ILT CALL lirj^i'.'.rx E-r?*T>. «» yw «"-^-
I>a:LT CAUL tlzrlzAts* eauixrU « ibst: •*-.». — *-*2
DAILT CAI.X tlrscloiir^ fiari«y). J =ii3tta» LS*
:>a;j.t call— Er Btrgit sscstiu «~*
FVNL-AT CALL Oa* T?*r *-*!
WrrXLT CALL Os« Tw *-"°
All postmasters are a»tto»rl*ed to recelre
rab>criptloa>.
'it;> ecvtc* b- 'cmrifi. *rb*= r«io*«*.»4
p«.-j—:l«.r fa rl*» katk tOEV A>"D OLD ADDRESS in order
tx> Inyire m. i-ieg.pt n=£ «x::»-t etxErllinr* wtti their r»5a««t.
nikmn OFFICE 111% Broadway
Wi'i^er Fc-e jr ll<tr\ v-'Z. Ktrqaette BatUinj. O-.ic»£3.
CLcec Z:t:i.?.~* T>!«-brae ~Cestr«i SU.")
NTTW TOP.K OORHESPOICI7ENT:
C C. OHlTCN Herad Sqatie
NEW TORK REPRESDCTATIVX:
STEPHEN 5. SViTH. ..23 Tribute Bjildirg
CHICAGO *:mrs STAXDS:
Ci »i a-%2. Hoc**; P. O. .Newt Co.; Oreal ltor^«rs Hatel:
KEW TORK NITSVS STAJ.*DS: \
"Xalicrf-Astert* BoteJ; A. Errs-ty,. a Usica =»;ui.-»:
WASK1XGT0M (0. C.iO'F'.CE WelEngton hV.e'
M0R70S t. C^«NE. Correipondent.
BIHXrHOfTirE«-c: l£ortrT*=«rT. cor=*r rS CJ*y. ep»a
HzXV^xtrr. oc*= r=t:i t* c # clock. tU Lerki^. rp*n
PtJS ecb>ck. IM1 5€;i?icE. <f«re. c=ti! IS o'clock. TCI Jiirkr:.
«r:.-=«-r SirV«rti-.. ntf^. nstiT t o'clock. ITS€ Vairrcl*. =?»a
csta * o-rfoek. 1« EJer«rth. op« BaUJ » o'Cock. NW cor
icr Tw<r=tyi«»-?rr.i i-i Kezsndtj. b?*z. t=til i o'clock.
It is therefore clear the Republicans are not to
j have a walkover. The excellent administration Mc
! Kinley has given the country, the widespread pros
] perity resulting from the Republican policies* of
j protection and sound money, and the natural re-
I pugnance conservative citizens have at the thought
1 of the election of an agitator like Bryan to the
' Presidency, will of course tend to assure Republican
i success: but potent as such factors are. it will not be
i safe to trust to them only. There must be organiza
} tion and earnest work. By the display in this cam
! paign vi an activity equal to that of 1806 we shall
j achieve such a victory. as will eradicate Bryanism
fiom our politics forever.
; The so-called "divine healer" of this city who is
j accused of making love to his landlady, pulling, her
j hair when she toughed at him, and then taking ad
j vantage of her absence to sell her piano and a bed-
I stead, and skip out. i« certainly a record-breaker in
J his. way, but he cannot last long at that rate. The
J divinity in him will shape his end rough.
The tri2:ng fact that in South Carolina there is a
. . Alt J
Rej ublican majority. 2s there :; m Alabama and
Mississippi- has nothing to do with the case. In his
speech in the Senate, see Congressional Record.
Fiftv-sixth Congress, first session, pages 2J47-49,
Senator Tilkr.ari explained how general elections
ccm? to be merely 3 ratification of the will of the
Democratic bosses. After admitting that there was
a Republican majority in South Carolina, he frankly
enclosed the methods by which it was overcome; he
ssid: "We took the government away. We stuffed
ballot-boxes. We shot them. We are not ashamed
of it. With that system, force, fraud and tissue bal
lots, we got tired ourselves. So we called a consti
tutional convention 2nd eliminated the colored vote/"
They went further than that, they have erected
such an oligarchy that white men dare not stand up
against It. The moral perversion besrotten in using
murder, fraud, force and tissue ballots against the
rezroe c . has made them equally :nto:erant 01 white
opposition. So it has come to pass that only one
partv is permitted in the South and its will is regb
tered. as a perfunctory matter, at the ballot-box. Tnis
spirit controls the party. In its presence all opposi
tion to Bryan b driven by fear into silence and in
activity. A party whose leaders, the men who are to
guide Bryan's administration if he is e'ected. declare
in the Federal Senate that they gained power by
murder and are not ashamed of it, if it get Federal
pov.-er will not let it go if it can be retained by the
crimes of which they boast.
Almost anything in government may be preferred
to the rule of an oligarchy which tolerates no oppo
sition, and reaches its ends bv murder when nothing
else will ga:n them.
REPUBLICAN ACTIVITY.
/^\NE of the gratifying features of the political
{ J situation is the alertness of the Republican
— leaders in preparing for the campaign notwith
standing the fact that every prospect promises an
e2sy victory. It is evident the party managers do not
intend to permit their sanguine expectations to lead
them to underrate the iorces ot the opposition, or to
commit the blunder of entering the contest unpre-
There are indeed many reasons why the party
should be as active and as well organized in this cam
paign as in any that has preceded it It is true the
vote of Oregon shows that the fusion forces in that
State are not so strong this year as they were in 1896,
and a corresponding weakening of their strength may
be inferred to have taken place throughout the Pa
cific Coast and the whole of the Greater West; but,
on the other hand, there is a possibility that Bryan
has gained something in the East, and that possibility
has to be taken into account as one of the factors of
the contest. \
Just before the adjournment of Congress the Wash
ington correspondent of the New York Herald, after
a thorough study of the actions and the words of the
Democratic representatives at the capital, came to the
conclusion that earnest efforts will be made to bring
the conservatives back to the party sf possible. Com
menting upon the course likely to be pursued at the
Kansas City convention he said: "Those who ex
pect delegations to go to that convention with clubs
in their hands or threats of bolting if their views arc
not accepted are going to be deceived. The experience
of 1806 has settled all that. While on the one hand
there will be no thought of bolting in the minds of the
Eastern Democrat?, on the other hand there will be
fpcr.d amontr the Southern and Western men— on all
sides, in fact — an earnest desire to make things easy
£nd pleasant for those who have been out of har
mony with the party, in so far as this can be done
without any abandonment of principle."
Of course the abler and more intelligent gold
Democrats will not be won over by any soft words
that may be put into the platform. The very fact that
Bryan is renominated will warn them of the folly of
trusting to the specious promises the platform may
make. Nevertheless there is danger that some 01
the less resolute of those who refused to vote for
Bryan in 1806 may vote for him now. Such astute
leaders as Hill and Gorman are in this fight for their
lives, and that they will have skill enough to catch
some eudzeons is not to be doubted.
| I THEN, under republican forms, only one po-
I \\f titscal party Is permitted to vote, there Is *
Z failure in republican government, cad an im
perial oll^zrckj appears. Colonel Bryan has uttered
ail the changes in his weO worn gamut about the
dangers of imperialism frosi continued supremacy of
the Republican party, and nowhere has he been more
impassioned in wooing the Goddess of Liberty than
•a his campaigns in the Southern St2tes. His hope
of "election is" the- solid South, and he has striven to
keep it solid by carrying around as a stage property
a "grave of liberty, over which he weeps briny
words of sorrow.
If this mourning aspirant tor tee rrencency wooiG
look closer he would find imperialism already in ac
tion in the very section where he cries out the loud
«t ag2:nst it
A Northern paper having commented on the small
¦vote cast in the South, the "State," a Bryan organ,
* peb'ished :n Columbia. South Carolina, hastens to
explain why so few people vote in that section. It
scys: "Possibly, through excusable ignorance of the
facts, the small vote cast at general elections in the
Sorth is misconstrued. The reason why only a snoali
part of the whites themselves are interested enough
to go to the polls is that all contests for ofnee are
£«tled within the Democratic party before the gen
eral election?, and inasmuch as the great majority of
qualified voters choose to afnliate with that party, the
gtneral elections are merely perfunctory and formal
comp'iance with the law. In South Carolina, for
ex--.mple. # a!l ofneers. with few exceptions, from
United States Senator to Coroner, are selected by z
Democratic primary- s"d a? general election is prac
tirclly only a ratification of these selections."
REAL IMPERIALISM.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUXE 15. 1900.
J. Goldman of Milwaukee arrived in this
city ; yesterday. He claims to have trav
eled the" entire distance in a cart drawn
by one horse. It took him six months t3
complete the Journey. He will make the
return trip soon.
From Milwaukee in a Cart.
The Knights of the Red Branch Rifle
Company will give its annual picnic at
San Jose Sunday, June 17. A Jolly time is
expected- Arrangements are being made
which will cause the affair to be one of
the most successful outings of the year.
Knights Will Give a Picnic
The costume represented Is . of soft
Parma violet cashmere. It is In the
"princesse" style, with a long tunic, open
ing down the side over a ground of ecru
lace, and is trimmed with silk embroiderv
Parma and suede color. The bottom 6f
the skirt and sleeves are entirely of lace.
PRETTY CASHMERE DRESS.
The several local councils of the Order
of Royal" Arcanyrn have appointed Dr^
M. Newman, T. G. Hodgklns. L. Levy. J.'
B. Whitney. Thomas Banks. H. D. Hult,
A. "C. Greenfield. W. V. X. Bay. J.
Charles Weber, Dr. A. N. Fehlen,'R.
Stone and A. L. Merrill a committee to
arrange a fitting celebration of the
twenty-fourth anniversary of the order,
which Is known as Arcanum day. The
committee has selected the Social Kali of
the Shiels building, in which to hold
musical and literary", exercises on the
evening of the 28th inst- The programme
will ¦ consist In part of an address by
Grand Regent L. A. Spencer of Oakland,
solos by W. M. Ogilvey, Mrs. Evelyn \V.
Dickey and Edith Norman Klock;: mono
logues by Fred Head and M. S. de Roco.
specialties by little Tlllie Rotholtz and a
number o% other features. The literary
part of the entertainment will be followed
by: dancing under the direction of A'. G.
Hebgea and J. C. Weber, respectively
6
Appropriations of
the Late Congress
Will Benefit Cali
fornia.
AJrfrrJSE31£*»TS.
Co!==1>ta— K*:Ur.
C*I;rorri»--A Tin Si&er."
Or;4i«=>-V«Tsfievn«.
CJiat**. Zoo »aa Tbcatcr — Vniev-;;? ererr »^;ers>3C i3-3
Sotro B»tJ»— Opea V!«htA.
AUCTI02? SAT.FS.
By Oceiflecta 1 E:r»e Exri^sr' — Ttit €ay. ITta* Horses. *1
Chicago and Return $72 50.
Tickets on sale June Slat and TM. oxi for
return within seventy days. On!y O** hours
to Chicaso, on the Overland Limited. via
Union Pactftc Railway. D. W. Hitchcock. G«a.
Act., 1 Montgomery at., S*a Fnncixa. .
James A. Gambs. a merchant doing bus-
iness in Oakland, filed a petition in in-
solvency yesterday la the United State*
District Court. He states his liabilities
at Ul$* 14. He has no assets.
Insolvent Oakland Merchant.
, Special Information supplied dai'y to
business houses and public men by I?".*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mon;-
gomery street. Telephone Main IOC *
CaL glace fruit 50c per !b atTownsenda.*be passed for further action. The motion
was seconded.
:.lr. Fairweather— Mr. Chairman. I will
accept that motion.
The Chairman— The question is then on
the adoption cf the report of the commit
tee, ¦rnritb the exception of that item, and
that that be parsed for further considera
tion. Are you rtady for ire Question?
The Question was put ar.d carried.
Judge {Stork* — Now. Mr. Cnairman. 1
move that we take a recess until 5 o'clock.
Upon m. standing vo:e of the ayes ani
r.ots the -chair declared that the motion,
filled to carry.
I*eiega.te M. F. Tarpey of AlametJa took
the platform amid great applause. Mr.
Varpty said: "1 thought 1 <raa nearer to
the peor.le down below, and I want always
to remain rear to the people, (l^augn
ler.» 1 carae up. Mr. Chairman ar.d gen
tiesjeii of tfce ecr.venliori. because 1 t>e
iie\ e - there is a misapprehension in the
minds of many of the delegates here as
lo tfce purport and intent of this report.
I aest:rae it to b« true from my owfl judg
s*o r.t and what I have heard the gentltr
m- a .<*>¦ that four-tifths of this report has
no eppostdoa tipen this floor, and 1 think,
therefore, that it wouli expedite business
if that fcur-r.fihs were passed upon ar:d
taken out of the way."
Ihe Chairman — The fuur-tifths, or what
< ¦ r It >. has been passed on and carried.
Mr T*rp*y— Very well: 1 stand cor
reeteO. I was urider the Impression that
Chat had been defeated, and therefore I
t>^r«i to ask the indulgence of the con
irctioa to reconsider tiiat matter. 1 beg
yonx pardon.
Loote rfe F. Harriett of San Francisco—
I move you that the report of the cora-
T2::tr«e on organization be now received by
thi? cnnver.ticn. •
ITa« Chrurman— The Ttport has been re-
M ¦ 1. ar.d the greater portion of it has
aure-ady I>een adopted.
Frank H. Gould— The report that is al
tnmd to by lir. Bartlett is that of the
cc3im;tt«- on organization and plans, con
ffi.tirg of eleven members. That Is. the
t^ihjzi of the last committee that was ap
poInteOL
The Chairman— Is the committee on cr
g/ar.ization ar.d plans ready to report?
Senator Sims— Th* committee on or
ganization Iw^irs leave to report as fol
io* s: "\v> recommend that a State
Central Committee be appointed by this
corv^ntion. the terra of offlce whereof
6h»;i commence <ra the l^th day of July.
HA That said committee be appointed
in ;he manner following: Two members
the-reof to be appointed from each Con
presFir r.al district, one member from each
Assembly district. Provided, that when
*uch Assembly district is composed of
more than one county one member of
EXiCh committee shall be appointed fr«m
€«'h of such counties Constituting such
Azsexobty district. And twenty members
to be appointed at large by the chairman
of tni* convention.**
The ch airman— The question is on the
¦doptioa of the report of the committee.
AT'- you r<rs<]y for the question?
S^-is* Stork*— Now. Mr. Chairman. I
a^rain moxe that this convention take a
re^-*« ur.t!l 5 o'clock. Motion *^«mded.
The chairman— The motion you put is
for a rt-O'Ss.
Jjdge Stork* 1 — New. Mr. Chairman. I
de«-:re to talk a little upon that. tCalls of
'.flat form." "Platform."" »
Judgv- Storke— I can taiK just as w«=ll
right few and every one of you can hear
m* Just as wrll.
Mr. Bartlett — I -ake the point of order
•.r.^: a raction to adjo-um is not debat
a.oitf.
The chairman— This is not a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. Bartlett — The same rule applies to
a r**-*>s=s.
; be chairman — The point of order is not
wtil taken.
Jud^e Storke— The committee on resolu
tions aniurg whora is Senator White,
and. as I said, wse of the leading J>emo
cr*'f of the State, are now in session
working under the order and the instruc
tions c-i this body. I had a talk with
Senator White and I was requested by
that committee to come here and tell you
that they could not report until 5
o'clock, and Senator WTiite expressed
his deliberate opinion that the selection
of a Central Committee at this time and
by thiF conrenjon -would be illegal; that
the Central '>xir. i :;>* fo se!*-<-ted would
have th* p^w«-r and the right under the
law of this State to determine what
ram** should go upon the ballot thii
?&"; sad in order that that ballot might
fce le^al it wa* necessary for that Central
CoatBittec to b* selected by a conven
tion which was organized and cre-ated un
der the primary laws cf this State, whir II
this convention is not. Now. gentlemen.
if we are here for any purpose. If we '
? xpect to carry the State of California
for William J. Bryan in November, we
must be sure that the votes that W. J.
Bryan r*ts in this State will be counted
ta the college. <Applat:se.) We
don't want any daubt ahout it- Now.
gr.tlernen, you will r*-colle>ct that the
r.ctior.al committee ha? told us and re
1 nested us to be sure in our work here.
Let "5 He sure: let us avoid any entan
r;e£3fTT!« that may raise a question.
Mr. Patton of Los Ar.geles — Mr. Chair
man and pentletnen of the convention: It
la new tfn minutes after 4 o'clock. The
r^i-^-ss which has been, requested will take
less than one hour. As Mr. Storke has
well said, haste at this tlra*> might not
only *¦-* dar.yerous. but in the end It might
Ve disastrous. It is certainly the desire
cf this convention that In this proceeding
¦sv<r Fhall act legally. Suppose that after
the nomination by an illegal convention
cf Presidential electors by our action to
save forty or fifty minutes' time here thi.*
evening we should imperil the election oi
Wtniaih J. Bryan and cast the decision
cf that question into a Republican court.
Gentiezoea, I do not thir.k that there can
be crjy question that this motion at this
time for a recess should prevail and 1
therefore move, if Mr. Storke will per
mit it. and if it it of parliamentary pro
ir:e:y. that he will withdraw it for a
moment while I move that that report be
laid upon the table to be taken up af:tr
the rec<>>.
Jodpe Storke — I will allow that. I will
¦withdraw it and second your motion.
A delegate— 1 wiil second the motion,
that the report of the committee be laid
upon the table.
Th*> chairman — It has been moved and
F*-<-orided that the- report of the commit
tee lay en the table.
Mr. Afher— Ur.til after the recers?
The chairman— To be taken up after the
rec«-*s-
Gcold Favors Committee's Appoint-
Frar.k H. Goald^-J derfre to say that
as a rsember o* that committee — I only
wish to make'an explanation. If the house
vill hear me — this committee very care
ful'y west over the ground.* of objection
tr.ade bv Senator White: that the same
objection was made by Senator White thai
¦was made also by Mr. Majruire and Mr.
Hanr,; that the law as It *»xlsts was pr?
ernted to the committee ar.d that it wns
the opir.Jon cf Mr. Maguire and Mr.
y.~:. sorter careful consideration, that
the jcrsis of the result, providing that this
committee take It* office only after the
l^th day of Juiv would obviate every pos
sibility of legal complication of any char
ac*er whatever. I can conceive of no
possibility under the law whereby thp ac
tion cf this convention could jeopard:z«»
the Interests of the party in appointing a
committee to tr.k* office at this time in
a*rnueh as every act required to be dene
fcy the St&tr- Central Committee of the
Democratic party has txt-n accomplished
for ten da>s prior to the I5U day of
]'¦!:¦ Now that is the reason that 1 be
lieve that the report might as well be
rake-n t:p and disposed of at th.s time.
Call* of "Question: Question:"
A delegate— I rise to a po:nt of Informa
tion. Why this undue haste? Let him
frive some reason for thia undue haste.
Mr Gould— I did not Fuppose there was
•ciy "undue haste. I had supposed that
• acb of the members of the convention
wan laborir.g under the ss.rne feeling that
i am ar.d that they wanted to get tarougn
rvi'h their work and go home.
A roice— Oh. no.
Mr Gould-Ar.d that. If it Is net nere?
--rsrv to delay us here, if we can sa oa and
iZ'f-cn*s the appointment of the Stat~ C<>n-
I'aJ Committee at this time and in the
•li^nier recommended. I see no reason
w3- that discussion should not so on and
£. Vetermined now. and let us nave this
m'-'^n out of the way to consider th* re
•.jrt cf the committee on resolutions.
A delegate— I for one would like to hear
iV-nator Wttte en the subject. .
Mr Firxgerald — I would like to ask of
Mr. <5ould if he has considered the ques
tion whether the next convention, which
must meet in August, has not the right
W appoint a State Central Committee.
Mr Gould— I think that every ort* will
cnncinSe that every **onvention which
meets it the absolute master of its own
rations, and that the next convention, if
it eers fit. can elect a State Central Com
mittee. Trier* lit no question about it.
i£r. FitzgeraJd— Then I would lite* to
&*k what is trie object cf app«5nr'ng a
Ftate Central <.v.rrmitt«»e to s*rve U >m the
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. June 14.— The convention was
called to «rd a r at 6:13 o'clock p. m.
Th* Chairman— The next ord^r ot busi
r.e^s is the consideration of th«> report of
the committee on organization.
W. H. Alford of San Frar.cisco— Mr.
Chairman. I beg leave to report that the
committee on platform and resolutions is
at the present time ready to report, and I
movie that the report of that committee
be taken up at this time out of order and
presented to this convention. It will take
a very few minutes to do it.
Our Interest in Philippines.
Motion seconded and carried.
W. H. Alford— Mr. Chairman ar.d gentle
men of the convention. 1 feel that it is ray
duT to say at this time, on behalf of the
committee as well as on behalf of the con
vention, that the committee that you ap
i pointed has labored a!most ever since we
! adjourned in the preparation of this re
port. I would say that -we found it more
difficult to prepare a short report than we
would have found to prepare a long one,
and we have brought In the report at the
earliest possible moment. The committee
begs leave to report *s follows. Mr. Al
ford then read the platform, which was
frequently applauded. -
Senator White— Mr. Chairman. 1 move
the adoption of the rep-.-rt of the commit
tee as read.
J. Marion Brooks— Mr. Chairman. I have
an amendment to the report.
The Chairman— The question is on the
adoption of the amendment.
Mr. Brooks-Mr. Chairman and gentle
men of the convention
A delegate— Mr. Chairman. I rise to a
point of order. There has been no second.
Mr. Br>>oks— We don't need a second to
a resolution. Mr. Chairman and gentle
men of the convention: I have presented
thi? resolution a? a part of the platform.
If ther»- is any State in this Union that Is
interested in the Philippine Islands the
great State of California is one. The
Democratic party has been for ten years
advocating the freedom of Cuba. We do
rot advocate here the suppression of the
people in the Philippine^, but these Islands
come to us as the result of war; not as
the result of a Christian war, because
thr-re Is no Christianity in war and in
[ murder. But these islands come to us by
I a solemn treaty — that treaty that pledged
every citizen in the Philippine Islands
that we would protect them and their
interests. We have solicited the support
of the natives of that country, and to-day
we have 4 ( *» natives lighting under the
flag of our country*- I say we would be
recreant to our duty, we would be re
"creant to the interests of our party if we
should draw down that flag from that
country and leave those men at the mercy
of the" Bolo men.
The ayes and noes were called for and
the amendment was rejected.
The Chairman — The question now Is on
th<» adoption of the report of the com
rnitte«.
A. Caminetti of Amador — Mr. Chairman,
in the Chinese resolution the word "exten
sion" is used. When the committee were
acting upon that matter they ¦ used the
words "re-enactment and lmi*Dvement
of." ard I move that the report' be cor
r«-cte-d by striking out the word •'exten
sion." T/hich means nothing under the cir
cumstances, and insert in lieu thereof the
words "re-enactment and improvement
of." in accordance with the action of the
committee.
Mr. Alford— I think that is correct, lly
memory of it is to that effect and I think
it should be corrected as suggested.
The motion to correct the report was
carried and the report of the committee
was adopted.
A Delegate— I have a resolution that I
desire to offer to this convention.
The Chairman — LTnder the rule which
has be^n laid down the resolution will be
referred to the committee on resolutions
without debate.
The Delegate— Mr. Chairman, upon that
point, that resolution has lv»en referred to
a sub-committee and then to the commit
tee on resolutions and platform, of which
I happen to be a member, and now the
resolution comes to this convention for
consideration.
The Chairman — It doe* not. The chair
has ruled that it goes back to the com
mittee. That is the ruling of the chair.
Is th*>re anything' further before this con
vention at this time?
T. A. BeU of Napa— Mr. Chairman, u a
Mr. Gould— As I understand it the report
of the committee of which Mr. Sims is
chairman was postponed until the report
of the committee on platform was re
calved. I presume that Is in order at this
tim<>.
Th* Chairman— That is in crder at this
tirre.
Mr. Gould— I move the adoption of the
report.
J. J. Well? — Mr. Chairman. I move to
amend that report by striking out . the
words, "the appointment of twenty mem
bers at large."' and to insert in lieu there
of the words, "twenty-one to be appoint
ed three frcm each Congre*sional dis
trict."
The chairman— The question is on the
adaption of the amendment.
W. H. Alford— Mr. Chairman, there is
no reason for adopting thi* amendment. If
this amendment is to be> adopted the mat
tpr mJcht as well b* referred, and better
be xeferred. to the Congressional districts
themselves. The object of allowing the
chairman to appoint twen.'y Is that the
chairman may pick out from any portion
cf tfce State an active working body that
will take an active interest constantly In
this campaign. That Is the reason for
empowering the chairman to appoint, the
rnlv valid reason that can be urged In Its
favor, and this matter of compelling the
chairman to select them from Con
crVssirmal district!- is Fimply to make him
refer rnern back to the districts, and it
might a? well In left to the districts them
<- 'v€* find the chairman net appoint any
todr* Therefore I can see no reason for
charging the report.
Plea of Bell of Napa.
m«^ts. and throw us into confusion and
uncertainty?
Gould Quotes Lincoln.
Mr. Gould- The proposition is most aptly
illustrated by a saying of Abraham Lin
coln—that it is a bad policy to swap horses
in the middle of the stream.
A delegaf — Well, that is just it.
Mr. Fitzgerald— I agree with you thor
oughly.
Mr. Gould— Now. then. I will proceed.
Mr. HUlyer— I rise to a point of order.
Mr. Gnuld— I concede you that right. If
any gentleman arises to a point of crder
1 fit down: that is ail.
Mr. Reunisnn of Monterey— The matter
cf the election of a State Central Com
mittee should go ovor uniil the committee
on platform and resolutions reports. When
we adopfd the report of the committee
on permanent organization and order of
business we adopted It with the exception
of the last section, which referred to the
rloction of a State Centra! Committee,
and that ought to go over until the com
mittee en resolutions shall report. This
• ther report that has beer, handed in is
another report on organization. Are there
two committees on the same organization
and reporting on the same subject? Now.
if the matter of the election of a State
Central Committee goes over until the
committee on resolutions reports, are we
going to go back en that? Let us stay
with it.
Mr. Hi'lyer — I arise to a point cf crder.
The point" cf order is that there is a mo
tion before the house to lay this previous
motion on the table.
Th» chairman— The point of order is well
taken.
EVENING SESSION.
A delegate from San Francisco— I will
rr.ake another point of order, and it en
tirely concurs with what the gentleman
has already ?ald. We had disposed of this
question upon the repon of the committee
on organization and ord^r of badness, and
we deci<1<c-d that if there was any dispute
a; to any portion of the report It would
nave to lay over. Now, thf original ob
jection rr.ri'Ie to that portion was that it
must lay over and vou must adjourn.
Mr. Jacohs of Stockton— A number of the
delegates? in this part of the hall, who are
far removd frrm the speakers, dosire me
to ask what the motion before the con
vention is.
The chairman— The question before the
coorentloo at this tim** is to lay the report
of the committee. on the table until after
recess.
Mr. Jacob?— What committee?
Th<» chairman— The committee on or
ganization and plans.
Mr. Jacobs — The committee of eleven
also?
The cha'.rman-That is the committee
whese report has b*en handed in. The
question being called for. the motion to
lay upon the tablf the repon of the com
mittee, the same -was put and carried.
Mr. Gould— I move that we take a re
cess until 3 o'clock.
Th^ motion was seconded, put and car
ried.
venticn of 1S3€ that gave to the party and to the
ration our matchless leader. William Jennings
Bryan. (Lnud cheering and applause.)
Phelan Named by Gesford.
Mayor Phelan was nominated by ex-
Senator Gesford in the following words:
Gentlemen of the Democratic State Conven
tion of California: To-day there confronts us
as citizens of the greatest republic that ever
existed questions of such momentous character
that it Is difficult even for the preat Demo
cratic rairtr to sove them. But we believe
that r' ¦ " — party is equal to the
_^T"~^>fc^_ occasion, and with the
iPj*^ matchless leader, of
/£&&' VtfljH ¦whom w« are assured
aS&- *¦"' carrr victory to
jB^" 1 :hP l>mocratic hosts
*8?? - 1 '".{ this ecu-try In th^
\Xjfyfi .*- "I person of William
jSf¥- t59S'^S9 Jennings Br\-an. lAp
/'V^'. • 9 «r plaasw.j Thes* qaes-
VAV * M lions will be solved in
V •Jifij .j _ gj the Interests cf pepub-
V|> _vU<JaH Mean institution? a-d
Vfcit •'^jfffij ir " the '•"--rest? r* hu
frf?«-^p5£*3L inanity. Never before
/f\~*¥fliw**'ml American institutions
/ \ \ have thtre been rn"r»
' \ N.^Sy^l^ serions <2'ie5t!->^5 for
\ j^wB you ard for f.cry cltl-
Y^^yj^H^B icn of this rr»at com
*^\aLtaBmr monw»»!th to
" sented to-4ay before
ETX-STATr. pEXATORth* American people.
H. C GE5FORD. Never before »n the his-
tnry of America have we been called upon to
s^Ive questions upon which depended the very
life of these institutions which were dedicated
to liberty by the fathers of this republic.
Looking back to the days when Hamilton,
with all t!ie forces which dominated his policy,
met J»f!erson. who, with all the forces which
dominated hi? po^ey. overcame the Hamilton
fan forces— never before since the forces which
dominated the opponents of Jackson suffered
defeat from the forces that backed that great
est man that ever lived in this country hav
we l«?n called upon to solve these questions
of statecraft crstil to-day, when we are de
rr.an<W to solve the questions which have
arl?»n within the last three or four years. J»f
f« rM n *n<i Jackson were equal to the occasion.
an 1 we believe that Bryan will be the last of
the triumvirate who will be equal- to the occa
«ion and who will solve thes* questions m the
interests of republican instltuticns. (Ap-
to-r.lKht, echoing the principles of the
treat Democratic party, to nominate one of
the most gullant Democrats who has sue
c«*ded the honorable gentleman who has been
rlaced In nomination a» delegate at large from
this State" A few years ago In the Senate or
this Ftatr> It was my proud privilege to place
iz. 'rumination for United States' Senator the
Hop. StThen SI White, wncm the peopl* cf
thl«" ft<Tt* elected by a popular vote, as It
were to the Senate of the Unit^i Slate*. <Ap-
Dlause ) To-night I arise to placp In nimlna
t'on a fit a Just and honorable success^ to
that man! and I mention his r.am* wtrti ; th
greatest of prffe and of P l-a*ur? the Hon
Jarr.e« D Ph?lan the Mayor of the city of
San Francisco. iLo'J'i cheering.)
Mr. Sweirert seconded the nomination
of Mayor Phelan.
Maguire's Name Presented.
Arthur M- Seymour of Sacram«it4-Mr.
<~hai*TTi«n and Gentlemen of the Convention:
The NaMr--al Convention cf the Democratic
cart/ that 'will convene in Kansas City will be
called upon not only to ratify the nomination
of th» peerless Bryan but also to legislate on
aue»tioas of partr policy, questions frauzht
with the eravest Import to the (Treat sirusRle
Of human liberty and human freedom through
out the world. The members, therefore, of
that convention will be railed upon to perform
not only the functions of mere dfl<>cate8. but
also to "ex»rx-l« trte hlKn^r and the nobler «n-l
the holler duties of representatives of the great
rVmoeratio party. Sir. the principle that liea
at the foundation of representation, wheresoever
you find It. U always the section of superior
personality. It is. therefor*, our duty to s«!eet
as our repr«*entatrres In the National Conirrew
of our party only thote who embody in their
liv»g those principles of the Democracy that
are th<» highest, the noblest and the best. In
the- fi — * rank, of such representatives of the
j^j-k.,- le party In California to-day stands
Jamvs 15. Maguire. (Loud cheering and ap
plsus?.)
No fulsome rrai?e of him Is needed. No nar
rating of his public career Is necessary. The
st"ry of his Ion*, brave and consistent stru^
rle in favor of human liberty and human life
in this State and In this nation ts known to
all. • .
Years ago. sir. he buckled on the armor of
Democracy, and ever since then he has been
nehtinir her battles where the conflict was
fiercest. K»» has not laid aside that armor. He
etill proudly wears It. It Is true that It bears
the scars and the marks cf many honorable
conflicts, but. prals* God. it is un«tainM by
shame, it Is unsuiliM by dishonor. (Applause.)
I therefor- nominate as one of the del^srates
at larare to th» National Convention James G.
Maguire. We owe it to him. We owe It to
ourselves, we nwelt to the party in this State
and In this nation to unanimously elect him to
that position. (Applause.)
Advances Ostrom's Claims.
Mr. Allender cf Loe Angeles— Mr. Chairman
and Gentlemen cf the Convention: It has been
said by one of the most eminent men of this
country that all human action contains within
itself the elements of its own rectification, th*
fprm? of its own approval and the s«*d3 of
retribution. I appear before you. my fellow
Democrats, in a unique capacity, coming from
the southern part of the State of California
on the oth»r sMe of the T^ha'-hapi. reaching
out the right hand «f Democracy and greeting
the people of the counties in the northern part
of the State. (Applause.) To you people we
extend the hand of greeting.
I say to you— you Democrats eomlr.fr from the
metropolis cf the 5tate. coming from the money
mart of the Ftate — come and Join hands with
the southern part of the State, and these &61
votes that were required in 1*^ to give the
State of California her nine Electoral votes far
William Jennings Bryan will on that November
day be counted for the Democracy and Cali
fornia will be counted In the ranks of the pa
triots of this country. (Applause.) I name,
my friends, Daniel Ostrora fcr delegate at
large.
Nomination of Tarpey.
R. M. Fltzg-erald of Alameda— Mr. Chairman
and Gentlemen: You will observe, as I feel,
that I am in rather warm company wh<»r. I
stand here to nominate a candidate for dele
jrate at lars* after the eentl»r"~ »>-»ve teen
already trfrf-n placed be-
fere this convention. :s *r A
But I am not rolngr to m& ""v&a
name to you astraneer. fif - Sn*!l^
either in the ccniruMi? J,
of the party lr. this t-*fc_ 43>te. vStf
State, or the councils &«rf VV«-9 Br^
of the National Corn- R^I *—
mitte*. The pentleman I ; ¦ 't
that I ' want to name fc n&* .
r.n behalf of A!am«ia ft ,^mtTt I
County and the Third JM~ s i 1 .!V' I
Congressional District tS""~'j -^t^ V
ccraes from his home Mte—-cP-1? /».
in Alameda County. 7gk/"'S3i?~ / i?£\
V.ut come* from the dipSn / fiS^J
S-ate at lars- wh»n $gfT<9t. J^LJ^P/
they war.', a"'! lock -or «3g^^'.^ A
a Deraocrat who never /
flinched. < A W>lause.) .... .
And -I s»T now that it «. -I- *
rnT^no^^r-U no friend of his will
take one vote awaT from the electoral vote
on November day. when we vote^for President
of the L'nlted State*. (Applause.) HU D^nwc
racT U too true and too fa*t, and he would be
Sf fl "t to chide the friend that would do it.
For twelve rear* he served as National Com
mltwman from thl. State From 18S4 to 1896
the councils of the National Democrat!* party
had the benefit of his advice. He made there
f-i«">ds which have enabled him to benefit this
Darty to benefit this State and to benefit Its
j£ ns well I remember attending the Xaf.on.-u
Convention In 1SS8 when he Ti-as then on the
National Committee, when, owln? to his In
domitable Buirit. to nl« nntlrlsc effort*, to his
[r.auenc*. h« sussested to the National Com
mittee that there was a young man from Cali
fornia that he would like to have Btven ths
honor of temporary presiding officer.
"Why," they 1 said to fctm, who is this
When he called the name. '"Why. are you
sure of him? The convention will run away
with him."
But owing 1 to the way he Indorsed him, to
tnt friends that he made, he was placed in that
important poeltlon as temporary caairman. The
convention did not ran away with him. but he
ran away with the convention. <Apr.!aus«.)
That man has been named to-night, and from,
that day to this he has stamped himself not
only noon the history of hla uarty but upon
the pares of the history of his country— and I
refer to the Hon. Stephen M. White. (Ap
plause.)
Whenever we have wanted tee sinews of war
in our county we appealed to M. F. Tarpey.
L«?t roe pause here to *ay that any man that
remains a Democrat and stays In Alaraeda
County Is entitled to a great deal of considera
tion in a Democratic convention. (Laughter.)
He is ever true to those principles which he be
lieve* to be for the. best interests of his party.' ;
fearless In statins and glvtry his best Judg
ment to his country. And at this time, when
our labors are about ended and our work is to
be Judged at Kansas City by those whom we
send to represent us. with Imperialism abroad,
trusts at home and distrusts everywhere, let
us bend those men that are able to make the
fleht by rea-«on of their acquaintance and by
rea*on cf their ability. I take pleasure in pre
senting to you the Hon. M. F. Tarpey of Ala
meda.
Delegate Hancock of Los Angeles sec
onded the nomination of D. A. Ostrom.
Delegate Falrweather of Fresno second
ed the nomination of M. F. Tarpey. Vv\
H Alford of San Francisco seconded the
no'mination of James G.Maguire. Senator
White went to the platform and manfully
seconded the nomination of James G.
Maguire in these words:
Mr ' Chairman and Gentlemen: There Is one
thing that we eannct afford to do. and that Is
to be inconsistent. The Democratic party nom
inated as its candidate for Governor a feiyless,
an honest and an able man. and this convention
In obedience to ' tbe dictates of duty and re
nvmbering: the Judgment which the Democracy
of 'bis- State entered Into, cannot afford to de
feat James G. Magulre, (Applause and cheers.)
CALL HEADQUARTER?. SACRA
MENTO, June 14.— The Democratic Pr<»s-»
Le-igua of California, comprising editors
of various Interior newspapers, was or
ganized at the State House to-day. There
were thirty-five delegates present and
they chose the following officers: Presi
dent. J. B. Sanford. L'kiah Press-Demo
crat: vice president. E. E. Leake. Wood
land Democrat; secretary. William D.
Wasson, San Francisco; treasurer. F. V.
Dewey. Hanford
The convention «telect»*d the following
member? as an executive committee: H.
A. McCraney. Secramento. chairman:
Mark R. Plalsted. Fresno Democrat: Ben
W. Maddox. Visalia Times: C. O. Dun bar.
Santa Rosa Democrat: G. D. Carpenter. ;
Flacervllie Democrat: Curtis Montgomery.
Antioch Ledger: J. H. Maddrell. Modesto
News: E. K. Holmberg. EscAndldo Times:
C. W- Barton. Riverside Enterprise: R.
H. Norton, Santa Ana Standard; Sara A.
Hoffman. Angels Record. J. B. Martin.
San Bernardino Transcript: William
Thompson. Altuias Plaindealer: D. F. Me- !
Intfre. Lek^port Prtss: J. E. Walden.
Napa Journal. The headquarters of the
league will b- established in San Fran- 1
Cisco.
Fourth District.
and James A. Douglas of Tolo County
were elected alternate?.
Fifth District.
Charles Edelman and Curtis Hilryer of
San Francisco were unanimously elected
delegates to the National Convention by
the members of the Fourth Congri ssional
District Convention. Charles H. Holcomb
called that body to order and Frank Conk
lin ot the Thirty-ninth Assembly District
and F. W. Hickev, the "boy orator of tr.t-
Mission." were elected chairman and sec
retary respectively. Ed McCabe grew elo
quent in referring to the excellent quali
ties of Charles Edelman and R. D. Whit
ing nominated Curtis Hlllyer. Larry Con-
Ian placed "Dusty" Cahili in nomination.
but Cahili declined to permit hi3 nam»
to go before the convention. Oscar HocJls
and Dr. Charles W. Troppman were elect
ed alternates.
Svdney Van Wyclc Jr. presided over the
deliberations of the Fifth Congressional
District and James S. Sex of San Jose
acted as secretary- James H. Henry of
San Jose and Jasper McDonald were nom
inated and unanimously elected delegates
to the National Convention. J. W. Ry
land of San Jose and William Denraan
were chosen alternates by acclamation.
Sixth District.
C. A. Storke of Santa Barbara was
elected chairman of the Sixth Congres
sional District and R. J. Adcock secre
tary- Senator Del Vaile of Los Angeles
and John McCor.igle of Ventura met no
opposition In their aspirations to be chos
en delegates, and they were elected by
acclamation. Thomas Reriisnn and E. C.
were chosen alternates by acclamation-
Seventh. District.
DEMOCRATIC PRESS
LEAGUE FORMED
2. J. Hanford of San Bernardino pre
sided over the deliberations of the i«ev
enth Congressional District. W. N. Mc-
Fadden of Orange was nominated by R.
H. Norton of Orange; I. J. Rodgers of San
Diego was placed In riominatlon by Mr.
Welch of San Diego; W. A. Alford of
Tulare nominated H. A. Jastro of Kern,
and E. H. Tucker of Fresno was nomi
nated by Burns of Fresno. A ballot was
taken and Jastro. havinjc received the
highest number of votes, was declared
elected. On the second ballot McFadden
was elected. P. J. Ta'.lant of KJng3 Coun
ty. J. H. La Rue of Fresno and George M.
Cooly were nominated for alternates. La
Rue and Cooly were awarded the honor.
each having received more votes than
Tallant.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, June U.— Much to the surprise o?
the delegates themselves, the exciting
scenes that were promised In the Congres
sional district conventions did not come to
pass. This wa? due in pan to the fact
that many candidates withdrew from the
field rather than suffer defeat of their
aspirations. Only in two districts was It
necessary to resort to a roll call to decide
the choice of delegates.
First District.
After J. F. Farraher of Yreka and J.
Emmet Hayd»n had been elected chair
man and secretary of the First Con
gressional District, the election of dele
gates was at once proceeded with. C. O.
Dunbar of Sonoma placed J. 3. Sweet of
Santa Rosa in nomination, and
Francis Carr followed and In a
short speech placed Senator" C.
F. Foster of Tehema before the conven
tion. Nominations closed and both gentle
men were elected delegates by acclama
tion. M F. Corcoran of Martn and J. L..
White of Uklah were elected alternates.
M. F. Corcoran and F. R. Welhe were
elected State Central Committeemen.
Second District.
Major A. F. Jones of Oroville called the
Second Congressional District to order. E.
I. Woodman of Sacramento was unan
imously selected chairman and Gus G.
Grant of Stockton and John CofTman of
Nevada County secretaries. John M.
Woods of Stockton was placed In nom
ination by Henry Jacobs of San Joaquln,
and D W- Carinichael of Sacramento was
named by Judge J. W. Hughes of this
city. Both candidates were called before
the convention and pledged their faith in
the Democratic standard-bearer. They
were elected by acclamation. *A. 'I. Me-
Sorley of Calaveras and Samuel Butler of
Nevada County were elected alternates. :,
Third District.
C W. Thomas presented the name of D.
H- Arnold of Colusa for chairman of the
Third Congressional District Convention,
and Edward E. Leake of Woodland nom
inated C. W. Thomas of Yolo for secre
tary Both gentlemen were elected and
an adjournment was then taken until the
main convention perfected , organization.
Upon reconvening a few hours later, elec
tion of delegates and alternates was taken
up E J. Ryan of Humboldt nominated
James A. Keys: Seth Millington of Glenn
named Frank Freeman of his county; D.
H Arnold surrendered the chair to Ed
ward E. LeaVe long enough to place the
name of H. H. Seaton of Colusa before
the convention: J. J- McDonald of Ala
meda County nominated It., M. Fitzger
ald of that county. Fitzgerald declined
the nomination. A ballot was then taken
and It resulted In the following vote:
Keys, 90; -Freeman. 45: Seaton. 3S. The
first' two were then made the unanimous
choice of. the convention and Mr. Seaton
Senator Jones of Butte moved that the
nominations be declared closed. This
motion was seconded and carried.
Chosen by Acclamation.
Balloting was Immediately begun. When
Teharna County was called D. A. Ostrom
went to the platform and in a brief manly
speech withdrew from the contest. Bal
loting then ceased and on motion of Dele
gate Allender of Los Angeles, the election
of White, Ma^uire. Tarpey and Phelan
was declared by acclamation.
When the result was announced the
winning candidates were called to the
platform. They delivered stirring
speeches, which called out volleys of ap
plause. Ex-Senator White spoke as fol
lows:
Mr. Chairnjin: The h??ur Is too late and
your occupation is too onerous to Justify m ;L"*
detaining you for more than a raotrent. The
election of delegate to Kansas City, it is true,
is an honor, but In so far as California Is con
cerned we carry there simply your will, to be
executed In accordance -with your written Judg
ment recorded here this day. There is no one
selected by this ecnvention. no matter what
his previous views may have been, who would
dare ro to that convention and do otherwise
than cast hi» vote for that peerless representa
tive of Democracy. Mr. Bryan. < Applause arnl
cheers.) And there Is a Ie«svri in this denson
tratlon worthy of your remembrance. He
sprang Into prominence not because he was sus
tained cr backed by power or Influence, but
because he did his duty fearless of Dower or
temptation, resolute In the performance of
duty and determined to execute those princ-'Pl**
which he dearly cherished and whose triumph
he believed he saw. He met the enemy and was
defeated. Undaunted he again faced the foe
and from one end of this remibllc to the other
he '.aid down the principles which have been
her* Indorsed by you. He Is attached to the
American constitution. He loves the soil upon
which he stands. He is proud of the great
achievements of American history which have
made her net only the representative accom
plishing the wishes of th» p&st. the glory of the
present bat also an exarrp'.e for the future.
Fellow-ci:izens, Democrat", delegates, remem
ber that the principles that were laid down by
the fathers are now beln? defied: that prosper
ity that has come to us by adhesion to orig
inal principles has moved many cf us from the
path of duty ami has for the moment l»d us
away frcm those simple practices of earlier ex
perience and esrller history, now eixlargerlng
the integrity of American instltuticns. For my
self I have never been In favor of asserting
dominion by the sworl and I did not hesitate
in face of an adverse majority in the council
halls of this catlcn, when I knew that the
judgment cf the body to which I belong-d
would be entered against me. to protest against
the use of the American flasr in the cause of
subjugation. lApplaus* and cheers.) I saw iu
the annals cf American history the oppressed of
the world seeking a home within our confines: I
wltn«»s«»<l bullded upon her ma«!"lve fcron-ia
tlTt a gigantic superstructure, one challenging
the adniiratlon of all Ilberty-lovlng men. and
I pmest»d aeainst that which should nnove us
against our duty or destroy that gr»at edifice.
I knew that humanity through the ares had
not failed to yield to temptation. I had seen
in history mighty nations, based on cardinal
principles of rectitude, moved from lir,e« of
duty by success, and. plunging into Indiscre
tion and wrong. tak«» from men that which
was truly tb^trs. I thought that this republic
— and I still so believe — w*m based on im
mutable principles of liberty: that within our
confines th«*re should be none save those
adapted to our institutions: and I doubted^ —
no I did not do>jbt. I knew — that It was not
only Improper, but an approach to bracki«h
ness f.->r those who had sworn obedience to
our constitution and had professed adherence
to the principles of our Declaration of Inde
pendence to take the pennant of freedom in
one hand anrt the sworf of conquest In the
other. tApplanw and rheers.)
Bights of the Weak.
It mattered not to me wheth»r those azalnst
whom we intended to proceed were poor cr rich.
strong <5r weak: iti-y w»r» human belnrs and
the Mia» protest for human right, for emanci
pation from oppression which was written In
cur declaration «rscl r^ccried in cur constitution
is to-day, in my judirment. as binding upon
us as it was ui>ort .those heroes who died at
Bunker HilL (Applause an4 cheers.) And to
day, and until th*> hour of my death. I wilt
advocate the extentlon of American tnterests.
th* iils>«i»minaticn cf American principles, and
I will oppose, at whatever cost to myself, any
effort to prostitute our fta^.
Fellow rttlzms. Democrats and <5el»?ate«.
never let us ferret, never let us cease to forget
that our duty tn ourselves and our country Is
not to force a shark!?, but to strike away the
manacle. And the rights of man are those or
dinarily recognized and commo'.ly undprefod
principles which we have learned from the in^re
perusal of the declaration made in the earlier
story of our national existence.
Th» men who penned them in our dfclaratl'jn
were unselfish patriots, strarsrlin* not as we
struggle here, as w» are del»>?at?s to a. conven
tion or advocate of a particular «ectlon. but
they had learned from bitter experience that
Intelligence and absolute justice were neces
sary In a republic; intelligence necessary, that
we may know what is rieht; justice, that we
may not rto that which is wrong, and education
in freedom's <-ouncl!s that we may b- able to
defend ourselos from the forces of wronc all
or»r the earth. And here to-day we ar» Invited
tr» attend the great council halls of conquest
and are asked to join with other nations In
crushing- to the earth the fe*bl*r of mankind.
Let It be In the future as it has b-er. in the
past the ambition cf Democracy to do the riyht.
to assert the right an>l not to fear to declare
the rlrht.
Ex-cJovernor Budcl -was called upon and
responded in a happy speech.
Motions to adjourn were defeated and
nominations for alternates were declared
In order. The balloting resulted in the
choice of the following: James F. Far
raher for J. G. Magulre. E. E. Crandall
for Stephen M. Whit<?. Sidney Van Wyck
Jr. for M. F. Tarpey, John Kastle for J. D.
Phelan.
R. F. del Valle occupied the chair dur
ing- the closing hours. Ex-Senator White,
fearing that some Important matter might
be overlooked, urged the delegates to re
main until the convention adjourned. Re
ports of the various district conventions
were read and ratified, as was the selec
tion of the State Central Committee.
THE DISTRICT
CONVENTIONS
James O'Brien proposed a vote of
thanks to Chairman Famsworth. The
motion prevailed. Thanks were abo given
to the officers of the convention and the
people of Sacramento. The convention
adjourned at 1 o'clock with three cheers
for William J. Bryan.
d<='egate from the First Cor.gTe?siona! Dis
trict of this State I desire to state that I
voice the sentiments of this district when
I say that they a3 an entirety and as a
unit are in favor of this amendment. (Ap
piause.) It has not been my privilege in
the past to attend a State convention of
the Democratic party or to take any
prominent i-ert In the councils of that
party outs'dc- of the county of Napa. but
I do understand, from conversation with
members from ihe interior of this State,
that the power heretofore given to the
chairman of the convention to name twen
ty or twenty-live delegates at large has
resulted in concentrating the. power of the
State Central Committee in one particular
section of- the State. (Applause.) If we
believe in ttie principles of Thomas Jeffer
son, and we have declared so within the
last fifteeen minutes, then we believe in
equal privileges to ail: we believe In the
distribution cf power; we believe In mak
ing it uniform. And while we do not im
pute anything: to the honorable gentleman
who now presides over this august as
semblage, we do say, if you adept this
amendment it will Insure to the whole
State of California a uniform representa
tion upon the State Central Committee of
this party. (Applause.) There can be no
harm in placing the pow«r In the chairman
to select three of these^members at large
from tach of the seven Congressional dis
tricts cf this Stare, because we have never
believed, we people up here In the moun
tains or in the sunny valleys of Napa.,
that all the ability and talent of the Dem
ocratic party of the State was consoli
dated in a "single or two Congressional
districts of the State. We believe you will
have no difficulty, in the First Con
gressional District at least, .in securing
three as good mm as you will find if you
go south or north, or in any direction
which you may seek, and therefore we
give some credit to the other Congression
al districts of the State, and we believe
that the chairman can go into each of
those seven districts and select three
members from each district and thereby
meet the wishes of these districts. I thank
you/'pent!emtn, fcr your patience. iAp
plause.)
l!r. Woodman of Sacramento — Mr.
Chairman, tis a representative of the Sec
end Congressional District I wish to coin
cide with the views of the gentleman of
the First. 1 do rot wish to impugn the
motives- or the honestv of our chairman,
but I will ?av that I would not be willing
to give that power to William Jennings
Bryan. :he leader of the Democracy of
the United States. I do r.ot think it is
Democracy. I think you will find just as
much ability in every district of this
State as you will find in one or two dis
tricts. I am in favor cf the amendment.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. Gould— Mr. Chairman, by experience
in the past, what I have seen and what I
have been able, to accomplish as chairman
of the State Central Committee, I do not
believe it makes any material difference
whether the?*- men are appointed from
the seven Conirress-ional districts or not,
I believe that as a rule they have been
fairly distributed throughout the State
and I do not believe there is any objection
to the amendment. So far as I am con
cerned as one of the committee I have
none.
Gavin McXab — I would like to ask. does
the chairman appoint these men from the
Congressional districts or are they to be
in addition to those already provided, to
be supplied by the Congressional district??
How are they to be selected?
The Chairman — As I understand It they
are to l«z appointed by the chair— in addi
tion to the others already provided for.
The *jueetion is now on the adoption of the
report as amended.
Th« ayea and noes -were called for and
the report adopted.
The Chairman— The next order of busi
ness is the election of four delegates at
lar?<? and the election cf four alternate
delegates at large to the National Conven
tion.
Senator A. F. Jonps of Butte moved that
the convention take a recess until S:30
p. rn.
Motion seconded and carried.
When the convention assembled at 9
o'clock the chairman said: "Gentlemen
of the convention, at the time that the
committee on permanent organization
and order of business reported, all of the
rt-port was adopted with the exception
of the fifth subdivision, that providing for
the election of a new State Central Com
mittee, and the subsequent report was
adopted. (
Mr. Braunhart— I move that the report of the
e<--rnmitt»-» on permanont orcaniration and or
o>r of business be adopted as reported by the
committee.
The Chairman — The Question is en the adop
tion of the report of the committee as a whole.
The motion was put and carried and the
report ad<^pted.
Mr. Rraunhart— I now move ttat th<» various
A.Kf'mMy districts and Car.^Trssional districts
report the j=el«?oti<m of Ptate <"»ntral Cojnrr.lt
lefmen from the respective A.-wpWy and Con
gressional districts to the Ee--re\ary in order
to expedite bustness. an-1 tliat \ they give,
wherever pofFibif. their a<idre*«*s.
The Chairman — Th^re is a r»g"u!ar order of
reach it. whirh comes after the election of
the del'-zat^s at large. It Is already provided
for. The n«xt business in ortT is the elec
tion of four delegates at large and the elec
tion of four alternate delegates at lant» to the
national convention. Nominations for delegates
are now in order.
Troy Nominates White.
R. P. Troy of San Francisco — Mr. Chairman
and pentiemen of the convention: I deem it
a distinguished privilege to be permitted to
suggest here to-ntght. as one of the delegates
at large to the Democratic National Cor.ven
ticn the name of California* most brilliant
s» is.' the Hon. Stephen M. White. (Great ap
f.lause and cheers.) I scarcely deem it essen
tial to supplement this nomination with the
u«ual encomiums that ar» submitted to a con
vention ft the candldary of those who geek
honors within Us gift, because I feel that every
member of this body 1» mere than familiar *tth
the name and with the well-earned fame of
Senator White; and ret I car.net repress the
sentiment that In honoring him we will do
honor to ourselves (applause), for. wherever
the illustrious men cf this nation are cherished,
wherever our greatest statesmen are honored,
wherever our most illustrious orators are ad
mired, wherever our ablest thinkers are appre
ciated, there the hcr.cred name of Stephen M.
White i» recognized as one of the brightest
stars in this constellation of thought. (Ap
plause).
I say this after an experience of some rears
at th» nation's capital, during which I saw all
faction!, all elements.
# /< I^? *SV-5?fc. a " P* 1^'** asknowletlge
ccnJ f> htm i^.' rec< g
f nitlon of t*in; tb«
/ .ablest who ha 1 ever
JEi T—w^-g'JiSfflW wx-nwealth in the coua-
J^?T^^C-J-_ .'fflrCy <•:! hal:« of the nation.
I fJO~" ••>: "*Wmjf ' "Applause.) A\ - h!le his
\ KrjLiJ. ''^'i£&fj efforts have been ap
1 " v^^<Sl predated at horr.e I can
yV* 1 *- ¦¦K,i^3 assure you that no cr.*
\^ s *<:'^W5B'k who has not personally
\y V^lwP 8^ _^^. ¦srttnessed his »r>ric
TtP^f^- "" *4£nJ£3&&Q balls of Congress will
« 'ff^^M P£%f-~''-~~ selfish. iAtr.otic. untlr
ftff j7iC5 t lilr ing devotion to dutj- in
*li ///£&£&' th * interests of the
'* '&^ ~ sJtate and ol the na
** t»on. I have seen him
p r- -rpnv " ut » s^e the attrac
r.. i. j.j._>-. tlons and ¦ the social
payety of the capital and oftentimes. Indeed,
fnrsake even the alluring dellzhts of home ror
the uninvitJr.g pr->sp<K;ts of legifiative drudgery
Involving boon ana hours of hard, unremitting
toil. And, gentlemen, it mattered not whether
It was the caus« cf the crippled soldier or of
the widowed mother or wife seeking a pension
tn alleviate the horrors and the miseries that
follow the pfwi-.-iae wake of war. a question
of the development of the great commercial
arteries that have made our nation what It is.
or iwme intricate problem of International law
that engrossed his attentisn. be ylelrled to all,
to each ani to every subject that untiring
energy and thought and zeal that always dis
tinguished every effort of his bright career.
<Ar clause.)
He was not a man of ene idea. He was uot
the self-ccnsiituted champicn cf any popular
praise cr prejudice or fancy, and thus shunted
by local conditions Into temporary or question
able popularity; but he wm ever the close
hard student of public affairs, battling for thai
which he conceived to b* right and not hestiat
inp to oppree where his convictions indicated
error: unmindful of the plaudit* or of the
prejudices of- the multitude and beedin* only
hi» conceptions cf principle, of honor, of Jus
tice. He never had the aid of a great metro
politan Journal to potential to many of out
modern statesmen to heed his every act. to hail
his every speech; and yet. lacking all tbofre
accessories, so essential, so handy to many of
our rublic men. by his energy, by his toll by
his activity, ty-his sincerity, by fcis untiring
devotion to duty, by his ability, by his Innate
woth. he has taken a hold upon the hearts and
upon the beads of the people that no other man
has bern able to attain in the fifty years at our
statehood. (Applause.) ......
Tou know well how In the pa«t he has been
honored by Democratic national conventions,
and I mififct allude to the fact that in 1S&S
at Chicago he was offered the permanent chair
manship, the temporary chairmanship", the
chairmanship cf the committee on platform and
resolutions— every elective honor within the gift
cf that convention— without the slightest sug
gestion or request or hint on the part cf him
self or of any cf the delegate* from California.
Gentlemen, it is these • considerations, ex-
I«ressed In this desultory fash!or.. that impel me
to urse ycti ta, honor him as one of California's
delegate* to Kansas City, anfl I can assure you
that no act of this body will reflect fcreater
credit upon the members of our party, upon our
organisation ia California, than this Graceful
tribute to the man whose fame will endure -as
the aMest statesman of the West and as the
pensaaest r h "" r r*-'' ri of the great Chicag-o Coa-
(Continued From Page 2.)
CALIFORNIA DEMOCRATS EMPHATICALLY REPUDIATE ABSURD CLAIMS OF YELLOW KID JOURNALIST
THE SA2s FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 1900.
aent.
7
P. P. TROY
R. M. a . /ZGLKALJ).
EX-STATr. pEXATOR
H. C GESFORD.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Sunday Nlsht— Extraordinary Produc-
tion of Hoyfs Favcrtte. "A MILK-WHITE
FLAG.'" John Dunne as Napoleon, and Mary
Marble as the orphan, their original creatlsns.
The blp company augmented by a completely
equipped callitary band.
EVERT NIGHT AT S.lfc
3ATINEE T0-I02&0W XI 2:&
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE VV HI 1" I"I. uKI.
— — Preaentln*
SAPHO!
SEATS SIX DATS IN ACVANCS.
ITTCrUITR'C CONCERT HOUSE.
rljUULn 3 Admission tOc.
GREAT LAMBARDI OPERA QUARTET AXI>
SIG. ABRAMOPl*. In Lasi Act at
•ERXAXi"
I'abeUe Underwcod and D'Estelle Sister*.
* Rtwrrai Seats. Sc Matta^ Santtajr.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS. OPEN NIGHT*.
Open daily trim 7 a. ta. to U ">. m.
B«thLn« frojn 7 a. m- to 19 p. in.
ADiTISSlON 19 cents. CHILDREN S r-trts.
pmhtTn, lscladlag adsilssics, Sc. CS'Mjta Sc
ANOTHER LAST
CROWDED SIGHT
HOUSE WiTHESiED
Th* RerrrsJ of the Ccmlc Opera.
MADELEINE
or THE MAGIC KISS.
Presented by a Great Ccrapaay. larladtec
EDWIN STETN"ENS. ANNA LICHTER and
FERRIS HARTMAN
EVENTNGS at I. MATINEE SATURDAY at Z.
POPULAR PF.ICE3-C AND 50 CENTS.
Telephone — Bush *.
Our removable tridt • work Is beautiful and
iurafc!e. Warranted 10 years.
PRICE LIST for V> Days:
Palnlens Extraction 2T!e
Removable BrUgewcrk *:t.«»o
Crown* #2.OO to *T».imi
Pure G<rfd FlUlns* *!.«»<»
Amalearn SOc
Gold and PUUna... f 1.«m>
Silver FlUln* 5<»c
Mrs. Dr. R. I* Walsh will attend to the
children'* teeth— painlessly.
DR. R. L. \A/^l_SH.
S13\ GEART ST.. between Hyde aad Larktn.
Of£r« Hours— » a. as. to 5 p. rn. : Sundays.
»toll Telephone Polk ZIZZ.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
* BITE ASfl STEAM COAL, ?g?g u S[
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLJKR1KS. U the B*« Ccal In ttt
tr.arket. Or&o* and Tart!* — CO Main street.
PHONE MAIN SO.
A LAfGHDta TRTTMPH.
Genuine Suece*» of the New Tork Farc«
Comij Furor.
TheGiri From Chili.
Next W-f-Jc— The Rura! Drassatlc I<iyl,
"A HOMESPUN HEART."
PRICES 1*. I3e. 2Ur. 30 Oat*
Gscd ReK*rvert Seat in Orchestra at AU
Matlsees ~ cents.
Br»aeh Ttck-t Offtc*. Emrwrtum.
STATIONER AND PK1NTE*?.
Te-g-a^ic PASTSIDGE "•gSS?" 1 *
, ihlSTlil.
F C HFfiFTFS printer.
T- V- f>l/UllC3. ni Parse-- st.. ?. r.
PRINTF.os. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First St.. San Frj
METAt_
Extra linotype and stereotype ra»ta*L ParlJSc
M«tal Works, ir-9 First ?t.. San Fnmcisco.
LITHOGRAPHI>Q.
The Union Lithograph Co.. IS SansoTne st..
Artistic Lithcgrraphers and Prlr.tera. Govern-
ment Licensee . for Imprinting of Revenue
BtUBPS.
FRESH AND SALT .MrATS.
JAJ- DUILJ Q VU-ciay. Tel. Main 12M.
COPPERSMITH.
f V WITH a -P Plonh'sc. Steamboat antf
W-n. JIIIU. Ship Work a specialty. U and
1% -Washington rt. Telephone Mais K-OL
COAL COKB A.ND FID iiiOX
r r WIT & Cn *•- Battery Street.
J- t- nlLoUil a WU-. Telephone Mala 13*4.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MER2BACH. Jawyw. 5S3 Cm\.. Clant* b«
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Cata!og--ues and Pries Lists Mail3 i
on Application.
DIRECTORY
THIS WEEK «=d
ALL O/=" NEXT WEEK.
Et>tt 5:git. iael-rtiag Ssaiay. Xstise* Batsrfaj.
Ever Offered in This cr Any Ot&er Cocatry.
PRICES: Night. ZZc t-> XI: Matinee. So to T3c
Next W «-?"«— L-ast Nisht oi KELLAH.
The Greatwt ex Necrocjancers.
KELLAR
Prtsmtlsg the Orm»dest Pn?«rat=att« e{
MTSTIFTTNG MAGIC
THE BEST VArDEVTLLE SBOW IS
AMERICA.
Heeded by Soch -W-il-lcnowTj Stars aa
YAH AKD R0BRI6A COMPANY,
JOSEPH HAST AKD CARRIE OE MAR,
MISS LILLIAN BURKHART & CO.,
%^^^^ ,.^g J L.jLjy5jF*B. ''•>'* > * 3X *
—A Ed Iac'.a^tr.s—
THE MARVELf>r£* MERRILLS: 5TDNET
DEAXE: FI.EURETTE AND OARDLVER;
MR AND MRS. JIMMJE BARRT.
Reserved <«<?ats. Sc: itlnBT. Be; or«ra chair*
and box seats. i*r.
Mat!n«>s W«Jae«'iaT. SafJT»5ay and ?an-!ay.
LARGEST STOCr /.V THE CfTf. g
I Sheet Music!
0 0
I Half Price to All
S Ex:los!v9 Agsnts WEBER Planes. J
1 I
|Clark Wise & Co., |
g Ccr. Geary aad 6raat Atc §
VACATION
SHOES \
AT
MONEY-SAVING
PRICES.:.:.:.
FOR THIS WEEK.
LAPIE5* TAMPICO GOAT BUTTON SHOE3,
Welts -«5
LADIES* FRENCH KID (KertMrr's)
SHOES J»
LADIES* TAN OXFORD3. LXV he*!.... S>7>
MEN'S TAN HAND WELT La?TE
SHOE, rented toes, carrow widths:
rtzes ». 15. 11 #1.00
MEVC CALF BUTTON aad CONGRESS.
> full rlaln toe. .~.i\\ fixes, carrow
widths TS
CHILDREN* S PATENT LEATHER and
KID SHOES. od.l lit .25
Most &"! cf abjve srr.a"l ilxes.
CT NO MAIL ORDERS TILLED.
We wj;i n"t exchanre or return money «a
I th»»e c^d*.
1 See price* la windows asd barffai-i ccunter.
We also hare full lines of new Summer Foot-
i wear. Popular Uriels.
ADVERTISZ3ISNTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
Order seats by phone— Park 23.
BLADDER COSTEST ON THE LAKE.
TO-MORROW NIGKI". CiKtWALK.
COMilENCING SUNDAT.
CANNON, THti FAT MAN.
CHUTES AND ZOO.«S7/SSJ»
A GOOD \ ALWAYS
SHO W I DOCS WELL.
Dunne & Ryley's ALL-STAR CAST,
Presentirr HOTTS
"A Tin Soldier"
830-832-834 MARKET ST., S. h
J^^, iN
ISO PLA itb €p5h
4S^ REQUIRED J^/
AMTJSE3LENTS.Band of Cowboys Smoked Out of a
Ranch House and Killed by
the Indians.'
V CHICAGO, Jiine.K.— A special to the
Record from; Hermoslllo," Senora, . Hex.',
says: General Lorenzo Torres' has re
turned from an i expedition \ to the country
around Guamechlta, where the Yaqui In
dians have been committing many repre
dations on the settlers \ along • the ' Yaqui
River. At Vineramar a; band. -of . Indians
was encountered by the cavalry of Gen
eral Torres, and : after ' a brief light three
Indians were killed, and ten taken prison
ers. In another engagement; In which the
pursuing -cavalry took part, two; Indians
were killed and four men, live women and
six children were taken prisoners.
A. few days "ego the Indiana attacked
the ranch of Mlguelo Lopez. A number of
cowboys ¦ barricaded" themselves in .the
principal' ranch building and put up a stiff
/ORRES HAS MANY
SKIRMISHES WITH YAQUIS
LOS ANGELES, June 14.— Charles
Compton was to-day sentenced by Judge
Smith to serve eleven years in San Quen
tln penitentiary for forgery. Compton
was one of three men who obtained
money by mortgaging property to which
they had forged deeds. He has had four
trials. First the Jury disagreed, then he
was- convicted find sentenced to. serve
fourteen years. He secured a new trial,
and again the Jury disagreed. The fourth
trial resulted in another conviction A He
has been in the County Jail here for
three years. He Is now trying to appeal
his case.
Compton Sentenced.
The Coquitlam is a vessel of 300 tors
and about 185 feet long. She is owned
by th*i Union Steamship Company, who
.fUII have an action .unsettled against the
United States Government In .connection
with her seizure in the Bering Sea seal
ing "troubles ten years ago.
The loss cannot 1 3 less than twenty or
thirty thousand dollars. The y fire is
thought to have started in the hold. The
Coqultlam had no' passengers. There
seems to be a hoodoo on this trip of the
Coqultlam. She started out from the
Union Steamship Company's wharf and
had not gone twenty feet before her
propeller struck a rock and three blades
were stripped from her wheel. She went
into drydock for a new propeller and this
kept her two days longer. Since the
steamers from Puget Sound stopped call
ing here 1 the local boats have been en
tirely unable to handle the business, thus
the Coquitlam was loaded way below her
waterline.
VANCOUVER, B C June 14.— The
steamer Coqultlam of Bering Sea seizure
fame was badly damaged by fire yester
day. She had left here only four hours
for Skaguay with a $100,000 cargo on
board, and was well out in the Gulf of
Georgia when smoke was noticed coming
from her hatches. Captain Carley
thought they would have little trouble
in extinguishing the flames and contin
ued up the gulf. " Before dark the smoke
was becoming worse than ever and the
source of the fire could nq,t be- got at.
The boat wasjow down in the water with
all the deckload that could he piled
aboard her. The deck cargo could not be
removed, and the captain decided to run
her to Texada Island and beach her.
Early this morning she fell in with the
steamer Comox. which brought the news
to Vancouver this afternoon. The Co
mox helped her to beach. The flames
were then coming through the hatches.
When the Comox left all hands were
rushing the work of throwing out the
deck cargo, and it was thought that the
larger part of her hold was on fire. The
cargo consisted of general merchandise
bound for Dav.-son and was for the most
part uninsured.
Laden With Valuable General
Merchandise.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Was Bound for Dawson and Heavily
STEAMER COQUITLAM
DAMAGED BY FIRE
the decision of the Board of General Ap
praisers, assessing a duty of 35 cents per
pound on 100 bales of leaf or filler tobacco.
The, importers protested, claiming that
the merchandise was not subject to duty,
because Porto Rico was not j a foreign
country and because, therefore, the "im
position of duties on goods brought from
a place within the territory of the United
States into a part of the United States
is not lawful and scheduled under the
constitution." Judge Townsend said:
Before the war with Spain Porto Rico was
a foreign country- It did not cease to be
a foreign country when, it was>occupied by the
military forces of the United States.
The conquest of Porto Rico under authority
of the executive made it ours by military title.
But the President's conquests do not enlarge
the boundaries of thta Union, nor extend the
operation of our Institutions and laws beyond
the limits ..before assigned to them by the
legislative power. Our boundaries could not be
regulated by the varying- Incidents of war and
be enlarged or diminished as the arms on
either Bide advanced or retreated. In this
sense, therefore, our constitutional boundaries
do not "follow. the flag." {
Judge Townsend said this could only
be done by the treaty making power or
legislative authority.
Boundaries of the Country Cannot
Be Enlarged or Diminished by
>u^ the Varying Incidents of
* ' —
NEW YORK. June 14.— Judge William
K. Townsend, in the United States Dis
trict Court of the Southern District of
New York, to-day handed down an opinion
in the case of John H. Geolz & Co. vs.
The United States, in which he declared
the treaty of Paris valid and that the
status of tne people of " Porto Rico is
that of Inhabitants of a foreign country
as regards the constitution of the United
States and within the meaning of the
tariff acts. Judgre Townsend held that
Porto Rico is part of the United States,
so far as other countries are concerned,
but so. far as the constitution of this
country is concerned is a foreign country
a»|cl that the United States can govern it
wfthout subjecting it to the burden of na
tional taxation and. that the status of the
inhabitants will remain unchanged until
Congress shall determine it.'
The decision of Judge Townsend affirms
Important Decision Handed
Down by Judge Town-
DECLARES THE
PORTO RICAN
TARIFF VALID
She Had No Census.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA. Jv 14.— "When " Census
Enumerator Harry Myers went to a
Mexican's shanty to-day and said, "I
want to take your census," the woman
replied, "I haven't any." Myers pushed
his way In and two big Mexicans seized
him and threw him out bodily. ; With the
aid of a limb of the law he returned and
counted noses.
Terrorized Passengers.
Special DlRPatch to The Call. .
PASADENA, June 14.— Mrs. Mary An
droup of Houston, Texas, was taken into
custody to-day by the City Marshal on a
telegram saying she was insane and ter
rorized passengers on the Southern Pa
cific overland. She says she Tvas coming
here for health, and that she cannot live
with her husband because their views
on spiritualism differ. She has two
trunks with her and $200 in money.
New Schedule to Go Into; Jlffect in
This State on the First of
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 14— The salaries
of Postmasters at the following offices in
California will be increased. on July 1 to
the amounts indicated: The increase, for
Ean Pedro amounts to $300; for Crockett,
Hanford, Auburn. Corona, Lincoln, Lom
poc. Coronado. San Rafael, Santa Maria
and Whittier, $200; and for all others $100
each. Auburn and San Rafael are ad
vanced from third to second class, and
Kern is relegated from the third to the
fourth class:
Alameda J2S0OI Newcastle 1400
Anpels Camp 1600|Oakdale 1300
Antiorh 1100 1 Oranse i«0
Arcata 1300! Pacific Grove 1700
Auburn 2C*X):Ralo Alto 1700
Pakersfleld 230OJ IVtaluma 210O
Herkelev 250<V I'lacervllle 1700
Chlco 2100 i Pleasanton 1100
Colton 1300j Presidio 1700
Corning 120OjSan Mateo 16^0
Corona ..: 1400 \ San Pedro 1500
Coronado 1600 [San Rafael 2000
Crockett 1200|Santa Maria HOO
Fresno 2S00 Sausallto 1300
Grass Valley 2200 Selma 1300
Hanford 2200 Soldiers' Home .... 1300
Lincoln 1-rOW Sonora 1S0O
Llvermore 160f>jTruckee 1G0O
Lodi 1200 1 Vaenvllle 1700
Lompnc 1300!Val!ejo 2400
Long Beach 1700! Watsonville 2200
Madura 16(iO| Whittier 14fv>
Marysvllle 230n!Wl!IowB 1400
llerced 1700J Winters 1200
Modesto 1700; Yuba City 1200
Monterey 1C0O'
There Is a decrease of $100 each for Mar
tinez ($1400). and Randsburg ($1100).
The salaries of 222 clerks in the principal
postoffk-es In California will be Increased
on July 1. The increases, with a few ex
ceptions, aro $100 each. One hundred and
forty-two of these clerks are In the San
Francisco office.
The following California postofflees will
have one additional clerk each after July
1: BakerpfieUl. Fresno. Grnss Vallev,
Hanford, Pasadena. Santa Barbara. Stock
.ton and Vlsalia. Oakland will nave two
and Los Angeles Jour.
SALARIES OF CALIFORNIA
POSTMASTERS INCREASED
Unsolved to Kill Him.
"I stood in front of the theater the
other nlcht, and as he passed by 1 loolied
"My nanr» !s Ar.?c!5ra M. Abbott," she
paid tearfully. "I firn met the destroyer
of my ha.pT>!n*»ss in Kansas City. Ho was
jjj.iyius: there trlth a ohesp company.
Aft-T I was introduced to him he pro
iVsred that he loved BWJ and 1 was foolish
ono'Jgrh to believe him. I was madly In
fatuated with Mm and frequently gave
him morcy. as he Foemed to be financially
etnbarrass*-d. Without apprising me of
hlK intentions he s-klppod out of town and
did not even leave his poftofiice address.
I tra-ked him to Denver and from there
to this c!ty. T arrived here several days
ago. and learning that the base deceiver
vaf playing at Morosco's I resolved to
throw myself in his way. hoping that he
would at 'east recognize me.
Says She Supported Him.
Mis« Abbott crk>d bitterly us she Ftoo.l
fcifore the bonking desk in the City Prison
L.n<l ansv.-erf-cl the questions of the desk
et-rerear.t.
"I met th» woman who shot me some
tirn* ago In the East. She managed to get
an introduction to roe through a friend
of min*. I regarded hor as a stage-struck
Klrl who became smitten with me for no
other reason than that I was *n actor.
During the short time that I knew her
I treated her with the utmost respect.
After I joined "The Girl From Chili"
company 1 left the East and came to
this coast. To my surprise a few nights
ago I saw the woman on Mission street,
r,<-ar to Morosco's. *rot caring to further
encourage her I purposely avoided he/ In
the ho;w» that she would brcome disgusted
with rae and return to her home Tn the
East. Wednesday night I again saw her
i:i front of th* op<-ra-house. I walked
into the theater wliiifcjut noticing her, but
all the time I feared Hhe would do some
thing desperate.
"Miss KlJsmcre and I left the theater
at the conclusion of the performance and
rather than meet Mips Abbott we walked
up Jessie strt-pt. 1 knew s'le was follow
ing me, but I was hopeful of eluding her.
As we reached Fourth and Mission streets
Miss Abbott sneaked vp behind me and
l:r*d."
The Wounded Man's Story.
With a cry of pain Clinton turned
around and. seeing the woman with the
smoking pistol in her right hand, grabbed
her. As he struggled to get possession of
the weapon Fhe frantically endeavored to
fire another bullet into him, but was pre
vented by a young man named William
Stacke, who was an eye-witness to the
;.< hooting. With the assistance of Police
OSlcer Wlnzler the infuriated ¦woman •was
finally overpowered and the pistol taken
/torn her. As it xas first thought that
•Jllnton was fatally shot he was hurried
io the Receiving Horpltal. Mis? Ellsmere
accompanied him. She seemed greatly
iTelieved when told that he was not dan
gerously injured. While the wound was
.toeing dressed Clinton made the following
statement of the shooting:
The Shooter Arrested.
Clinton left the theater shortly after 11
o'clock a-ecoinpariled by Miss Kdna Klls
mcre, the leading lady of the company.
They walked along Third street to Jessie
and up the latter street to Fourth. Clin
ton was aware that the Abbott wfeman
was following them, but he hoped to es
cape her by taking a circuitous route to
his home, which is on Shotwell street. As
he and his corr.panlon reached Mission
and Fourth streets the jilted woman
sneaked up behind him and, taking a
pistol from her pocket, fired. The bullet
etruck the leading man In the right thigh
and passed through his leg.
De Witt Clinton, leading man of the
"Girl From Chili." which is p'.aying at
the Grand Opera-house, was shot In the
thigh last r.lght by a woman who claims
that he discarded her for another. The
woman's name is Angelina Abbott. She
Is of Spanish extraction and is rather
pretty. She was arrested after a struggle
and charged at the City Prison with an
assault to commit murder.
Fired at Him While He Was Walking
"With Leading- Lady of "The
Girl From Chili" Com
pany.
Shot in the Leg by Angelina
Abbott, Whom He Had
Discarded.
JILTED WOMAN
TRIES TO KILL
ACTOR CLINTON
While at the hospital the leading man
was constantly attended by Miss Ells
mere. She remained In the operatinir
room while Assistant Police Surgeon C. D.
McGettigan dressed the wound and made
Clinton a? comfortable as possible.
It is understood that Cllntfen and Miss
Ellsmere are engaged, but this is denied
by several members of the company.
He says that even if she had shook her
purse under his nose he would not have
accepted any part of the contents.
Clinton denies that he ever accepted a
cent from Miss Abbott.
Denies Her Story.
"Evidently hoping to avoid me he and
his lady friend hastily walked up Jessie
street. I followed behind them and when
they reached Fourth street I went up to
him and shot him. I am sorry I made
suoh a bad job of it. He has wrecked
my young life and I cannot see him live
with another woman. I know I will be
sent to jatrfor shooting him, but I hops
they will not give me a long sentence. I
have no friends here, and as he Is ¦well
known I suppose He will do all in his
power to have me sent to the penitentiary
for a long period."
Bent on Murder.
at him, but he ignored me. I then* swore
to be revenged. Going to a gunsmith's
store I bought the revolver with which I
shot him. I am sorry I did not kill him,
as he has ruined my life. It was my In
tention to also shoot Miss Ellsmere/as I
know that she had won his heart, but at
the last moment my nerve failed me, and
I concluded not to Injure her.
"Knowing that the performance would
be over by 11 o'clock, I placed the re
volver in my pocket and started out, de
termined to make Clinton a subject for
the Coroner. I lay in wait in the alley
adjoining the theater and eagerly watched
for him. As he-, walked down the street
with Miss Ellemere leaning on his arm I
reached for my revolver, intending to
Fhoot him on the spot, but as I feared
that I might kill some Innocent porson I
resolved to follow him and await a more
favorable opportunity.
' FRANKFORT, Ky.. June 14.— Sheriff Suter
has gone to Indianapolis with a requisition on
Governor Mount from Governor Beckham, ask-
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 14.— The condition
of the island's finances js so bad that a law
was passed to-day authorizing the Government
to borrow $750,000 from the Imperial treasury
at 2% per cent, to meet the deficits.
COPENHAGEN, June 14.— The Norwegian
steamer Antarctic, with the Danish East Green
land expedition, commanded by O&utenant
Amdrup. sailed to explore the coast between
Cape Brewster and Agga Island.
WASHINGTON, June 14.— The President has
appointed ex-Representative W. D. Bynum of
Indiana a member of the commission to codify
the criminal laws of the United States, vice
D. B. Culberson. deceased.
BERLIN, June 14.— The Bundesrath to-day
approved the navy bill and the measures pro
viding mean» to carry out the projected plans
of the measure as already published.
OLDENBURG, Germany. June 14.— The Grand
Duke of Oldenburg (Nlchola Peter) died to-day
at his summer residence at Rastode. He was
born In 1S27. :
KTis'GSTON, Jamaica, June 14.— An agent from
Colon is here making 1 arrangements to recruit
laborers to work on the Panama canal.
"WASHINGTON-. June 14.— Admiral Schley's
flagship, the Chicago, will be quarantined for
ten days at Montevideo.^
WINNIPEG. Man.. Jund 14.— A Canmore dis
patch says eight men were killed by an ex
plosion In a coal mine there last night.
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS CONDENSED .
lnjr for the extradition of "W. S. Taylor on the
Indictment charging him with being an acces
sory to the murder of William Goebel.
THATER, Kana.. June 14.— Fire destroyed Ihe
Phoenix and Vulcan buildings, belonging re
spectively to C. G.i Lawrence and C. E. Evans
causing a lose of $50,000. Insurance, 123.000. A
bucket brigade saved the business section. Half
an hour before the fire originated the City
Council voted to purchase a fire engine.
PHILADELPHIA. June 14.— Senator Scott,
¦who Is here attending to his duties as a mem
ber of the Republican National Committee, sent
a J20.000 telPRraphic draft to his son. Lieutenant
Scott, at San Francisco, where the young man,
upon returning from volunteer service In the
Philippines, was married. The Senator wired
that he beyan life with 20 cents.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., June 14.— In the Su
preme Court the motion of the Chicago Inter
Ocean Publishing Company to be made party
defendant In the mandamus proceedings of
the Denver Post again«t the Associated Press
was allowed. The motion of the New York
Evening Journal for leave to file a petition for
mandamus was allowed and summons was
ordered, returnable in five days.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. June 14.— John E Sul
livan, formerly clerk of Marion County, who
fled in 18S9 under charge of embezzling about
$80,000 of public money, returned to Indianapo
lis. He came from Greencastle. Ind. He says
that aft?r eleven years of wandering he wants
to face his accusers. When Sullivan left here
he went direct to Canada, where he remained
several years.
Mr. Lavenson leaves a wife and sev
eral sons and daughters. Including Al
bert S. Lavenson. an Oakland dry goods
merchant; Moses S. Lavenson and George
H. Lavenson of Sacramento;- Ralph La
venson. a student in medicine at Philadel
phia; Misses Sara and Helen Lavenson of
Sacramento and Mrs. Maurice Brandt and
Mrs. Melville Furth of San Francisco. He
was 70 years of age and a native of Ger
many.
Mr. Lavenson was a type of uprightness
and integrity in the business world, and
his name was good anywhere in the State
for any sum to which it was pledged. . In
private life he was quiet and unassuming,
and his friendships were many and strong.
At different times. he was largely inter
ested in San Francisco enterprises.
SA£RAiIEXTO, June 14.— The death
Is announced of Samuel Lavenson
of the firm of Locke & Lavenson,
reputed to be the oldest and perhaps
the wealthiest mercantile house In
Sacramento. Mr. Lavenson had been
a sufferer for many months from heart
trouble, and this recently assumed suoh
an alarming form as to require the sum
moning of his family to his bedside.
INQUESTS OVER
STRIKE VICTIMS
AT ST. LOUIS
Jury Returns a Verdict of
Homicide in One
i / Case.
Deputy Sheriff Marsh, Who Did the
Shooting, Is Missing, and It Is
Believed He Has Left the
City.
ST. LOUIS. June 14.-The predictions
that yesterday witnessed the beginning of
the end of the great street railway strike
were corroborated to-day when the police
department withdrew its officers from all
the cars and power-houses of the St. Louis
Transit Company and returned them to
their regular beats. The Transit Company
continued to augment its force of non
union men and Its transportation facilities
at a ratio that promises to see the system
In full swing before many more days have
passed.
Much interest is being shown by the gen
eral public In the Coroner's inquest at
present in progress over the bodies of
strikers and a citizen killed last Sunday
by members of the Sheriff's posse comi
tatus. The testimony adduced at to-day's
hearing does not deny that Deputy Sheriff
Marsh shot Frederick Bohne. the citizen
in question, but the witnesses disagreed
as to the deputy's provocatlorxfor shoot
ing.
There was testimony from about thirty
five witnesses, consuming three hours,
after which the jury returned a verdict of
homicide. A sensational feature of the In
quest was the conflicting statements made
by witnesses as to whether Police Lieuten
ant .Stack ordered the deputy sheriffs to
fire on the crowd. Several of the deputies
testified that he ordered the posse jruard
to shoot, while Stack declared he did all
in his power to prevent the deputies from
firing.
The disappearance of Deputy Sheriff
Marsh was a startling development at the
inquest. It is believed that Marsh has left
the city. No further search will be made
for him probably unless friends of the
dead man seek to prosecute him. the ver
dict of the Coroner's jury being consid
ered practically an exoneration.
The day passed practically without In
cident.
MANY LIVES LOST
IN MINING DISASTERS
Eight Men Killed in Canmore Mine
by an Explosion Due to Care
lessness.
CANMORE, Alberta, June 14.— A terrible
gas explosion occurred in Canmore coal
mine yesterday, resulting In the instant
death of eight men and the Injury of sev
eral others. The names of the known dead
are:
PROSPER DATE.
AMAND BEGARD.
TONY BOLLTNS Jr.
PETER CAULFIELD.
Four foreigners whose names are un
known.
The cause of the explosion is supposed to
have been the carelessness of one of the
miners In opening his safety lamp in vlo-
latlon of the rules and In a portion of the
mines •wTfere. to do so was dangerous in
the extreme. This miner is believed to be
one of the unidentified victims.
BIWABIK, Minn., June 14.— A terrible
accident occurred to-day at the Hale
mine, three miles from here. In which five
men were Instantly killed by an explosion
of dynamite. The dead are:
P. STARK.
W. HATTAI. -^_
L. CALVERT.
P. HANSON.
C. MAROCK.
BISHOP WILMAR OF
ALABAMA IS DEAD
Gained Prominence by His At.itude
During Reconstruction Times
in the South.
MOBILE. Ala.. June 14.— Right Rev.
Richard Hooker Wilmar, Episcopal
Bishop of the diocese of Alabama, died
here this morning, aged 84 years.
Bishop Wilmar was born In Alexandria.
Va,, May 15, 1S16. He Is remembered na
tionally for his recommendation to the
clergy of his diocese to omit the prayer
"for the President of the United States
and all the others In authority," on the
ground that only a "military government
existed in Alabama. This was In the re
construction times, and for this he was
suspended by General George H. Thomas
and forbidden to exercise the functions
of his office, but was afterward reinstated
by President Johnson. Bishop Wilmar
was the author of the "Recent Past from
a Southern Standpoint" and "Reminis
cences of a Grandfather."
Contest for the Goddess of Liberty at'
MISS SAGE LEADS. «
San Jos3.
Special Dispatch to The" Call.
SAN JOSE. June' 14.— The contest for
Goddess of Liberty of^tho Elks' Fourth
of July, celebration Is being enlivened and
a material Increase of the vote is being
shown each day. Miss Harrietta Sage
still leads, witih Mrs. Otto Ziegler sec
ond. ¦ •
To-day's count showed Miss Harrietta
Sage 3557. Mrs. Otto Ziegler 2660. Miss Sybil
Morchouse 2391, Miss Gene Veuve 2250,
Miss Alice Gussefeld 1075.
Killed by a Horse.
SANTA ANA, Jure 14.— Peter Aramble,
an. eleven-year-old lad, was dragged to
death bv a runaway • horse yesterday at
El Modena.
PASSING OF
A SACRAMENTO
BUSINESS MAN
Samuel Lavenson, of Locke
& Lavenson, Dies at
. His Home.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Buller Needs Supplies.
General Buller will be unable to advance
further until he gets suppl'-^s. Nearly
every farmhouse his troops p. sed flew a
•wrfcita flap. The British took nothing
•without paying for it. and a brisk busi
ness was done in milk, eggs, bread and
chickens by the thrifty housewives, who
•wore pleased to zret so much English
ir.oney. One woir.an. whose husband and
two sor.s have been fighting, said: "You
British are unlike our people. They took
my horses in exchange for sheep and
rr.e.TJies and made me make butter, which
"Two steamers arrived at Lourenzo
Slaraues yesterday bringing several thou
sand tons of supplies consigned to Portu
guese merchants, but destined for the
Boers. One hundred Americans, French
men. Germans and Hollanders have ar
rived there by various steamers, en route
for the Transvaal. Mr. Crowe, the Brit
ish Consul General, has large stocks of
clothing for the British prisoners, but he
will not forward these until he gets as
surances that the Boers will not take
tliem for their own use."
A fliepalch from Lourenzo Marques,
<3ated yesterday, says: "President
Kruffer Is holding on to Ms gold and issu
ing paper notes from a press in his execu
tive car. The Boer Government's coin In
stock is exhausted and the ofllclals are
now paying out plain gold discs un
stamped, yome -who have declined to ac
cept notes have taken their salaries In
gold bars. The Boer Government is still
paying out much gold Jn that way.
Kruger Holds on to Gold.
A.notlier ilachadodorp announcement is
that the first regiment of General Buller's
force attacked Aimonds Nek and waa
••annihilated," but as the British were In
overwhelming force, the burghers were
compelled to Abandon the Kek.
"Both wings of the federal forces
touched the advancing army at 1 a. m.
yesterday near Pretoria. Fighting con
tinued until dark. The enemy, though In
overwhelming numbers, were checked
along a line of thirty-six miles, and the
burghers succeeded In driving back their
right wing live miles. Two burghers were
killed and ten wounded."
LONDON*, June 13. 3:33 a. m.— That
Commandant General Louis Botha
f=hou!d 'have been aW" to stan<I
for two days against Iiord Roberts
and then to retreat without losing
ery guns or having any of his men cap
tured is iaken to mean that he has a force
which the British must still reckon as
formidable when acting defensively. The
paclf.eation of the -whole of the Trans
vaal, especially the wide spaces, far from
the railways. Is looked upon as a. busi
ness requiring months rather than weeks.
Meanwhile everything goes well for the
British arms. A Boer bulletin Issued
June 12. at Machadodorp, said:
"The enemy evacuated their strong po
sition during the night and have retired
to the eastward. Puller's forces and my
own have afforded each other mutual as
sistance. Our occupation of Pretoria
caused numbers of Boers to withdraw
from Laings Nek. and Buller's advance
to Volksrust made them feel their rear
would be shortly endangered."
The War Office Issues the following re
port from Lord Roberts under date of
Pretoria, June 13, afternoon:
"Methuen advanced to Honlngsprult
yesterday and found all quiet. Kroonstad
is stronR-ly held. Methuen returned to
day to Rhenoster River, where the rail
way is being repaired. We were engaged
all day yesterday with Botha's army.
The enemy fought with considerable de
termination, and held our cavalry on both
flanks, but Ian Hamilton, assisted by the
Guards' brigade of Pole-Carow's divis
ion, pushing forward, took the hill in his
front, which caused the enemy to fall
back on their second position to the east
ward. This they are stfll holding. It is
slightly higher than the one we have cap
tured."
LONT>ON, June 14.— Lord Roberts re
ports to the War Office under date of
Pretoria, June 13, 9:55 a. m., as follows:
ROBERTS AND BULLER
DRIVE BACK BOERS
they never paid for. I am sending to have
my men come home at once,"
Usually the first question a Boer woman
puts is, "Will my husband be shot if he is
captured?"
One young man was pulled from under a
bed and he went on his knees, begging the
British not to shoot him.
General Rundle nad a sharp skirmish at
Ficksburg on June 12. The Boers had been
aggressive along the whole Ficksburg-
Senckal line and menaced Ficksburg in
force. The British outposts retired to the
village.
General Rundle held the attention of the
Boers in front with two g-uns while Yeo
manry were sent around to their rear and
drove them off. with a loss to the British
of three wounded. Two patrols were also
wounded.
President Steyn Is at ITitkop. His pres
ence there is supposed to account for the
Boer activity.
Talk of Peace Negotiations.
The Lourenzo Marques correspondent of
the Times, telegraphing yesterday, says:
"Among the Boer agents here there is
talk of negotiations bfing opened with a
view of securing peace. The nature of
these nepotlatJons Is not made public. Mr.
Wolmarans has arrived here. He declares
that he intends to take no further part in
the fighting.
"The British prisoners at Nooitgedacht
are suffering terribly from cold and ar
rangements are being made to provide
them with shelter. Their rations are Iden
tical with the scanty fare served out to
the burghers." ,
General Botha's Stand of Two Days
Indicates That the British Yet
Have a .Most Difficult Task.
PACIFICATION OF THE
TRANSVAAL IS FAR OFF
The younger Mr. Aubert said last night
that he did not feel that the illness would
terminate seriously. It doubtless was the
result of the fatiguing overland journey.
Mr. Aubert has a daughter, Mra. P. St.
.Tullen, whose husband is connected with
Stein. Simon & Cu. r\t this city; also a
son, Lucien J. Aubert, exchange teller In
the London, Paris and American Bank.
Both reside at 1314 O'Farrell street.
Paul Louis Aubert. who Is 65 years of
age, was born In Paris, but has been lo
cated in San Francisco for the last forty
years. He was formerly engaged in the
jewelry business, but was afterward con
nected with the City of Paris Dry Goods
Company In an official capacity, retiring
from that firm about two years ago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
talk was rambling and he utterly refused
to eat or sleep.' Bv the time the tram
reached New York he was unable to an
swer the most simple questions.
He was taken to Bellevue by Policeman
Fitchell. At first the physicians were In
clined to believe that Aubert was sham
ming, but they soon changed their minds.
He seemed to be rational, yet their ques
tions brought from him nothing but un
intelligible exclamations. Finally a phy
sician was found who speaks French. He
spoke to Aubert In his native tongue, and
had no difficulty tri conversing with him.
He found that the patient had lost the
last half century. With it is gone his
knowledge of the Enplish language. He
knows nothing of current history. French
or American, but of the events of the
revolution of 1S48 he speaks as though it
was just now that the commune ruled In
the streets of Paris. To him Louis Phil
ippe still lives and he would have been not
in the least surprised had he been told
that the old.exile had regained his throne.
At Bellevue Hospital the physlcidns said
that Aubert's trouble was largely of an
emotional nature. A long rest would
bring him around to mental health and
he would gradually recover his knowledge
of the fifty years which he has spent In
America.
Paul Aubert of Sg,n Francisco Suffering
From Aphasia Due to the : Ex-
/ citement of Travel.
NEW YORK, June 14.— Overcome by his
emotions at thought of returning to his
native France, Paul Louis Aubert arrived
in New York to-day, from San Francisco
In a condition of aphasia. His case is the
most remarkable that has come under the
observation of the physicians at Bellevue
Hospital, whither he was taken from the
Grand Central station. Although they are
puzzled by some of the symptoms exhib
ited by him, they predict his speedy and
complete recovery.
Aubert knows his own name and in a
manner understands the nature of his
trouble, but his life for the last fifty years
Is to him a complete blank. His mind has
gone back to the days when he was a boy
in France. Of the events of that time he
speaks as though they were just passed
into history. Ills firs"t question to-night
after -a degree of consciousness had re
turned to him was as to whether Louis
Philippe had been restored to his throne.
Paul Aubert, according to papers found
In his pockets, is about 65 years old. He
lives at 1314 O'Farrell street, San Francis
co, in which city he was in the Jewelry
business. He Is supposed to be a man of
wealth, though more of his history will
be known after the California authorities
have been heard from,
He came "to America when a lad of 15
years and has lived here ever since. Let
ters found In his possession show that for
a long time he had been planning a visit
to his old home. It was his intention to
see the exposition In Paris and then spend
a few weeks visiting with those of his
childhood friends who are still alive.
Aubert left San Francisco four d*ys a«o.
At that time he was in the best of health
and spirits." As he traveled eastward his
excitement increased, until the breaking
point was reached. Edmund S. Ricketts,
conductor of the New York Central lim
ited, noticed soon after leaving Chicago
that Aubert was acting peculiarly/ His
LAST HALF-CENTURY
OF HIS LIFE A BLANK
'THE SANrRANClSCp CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 1900.
OROVILLE, Jun?* v 14.— The jury In the'
case of the people vs. Schuyler Binney for
the killing of William H. Devot on Janu
ary 14 disagreed. This is the second trial
and the case will probably be dismissed.
Binney Jury Disagrees.
PROVIDENCE. R. : I.. June 14.-The
Grand Jury to-day refused to return an
Indictment against George II. Hull of
Prescotto Ariz., who was brought /here
from New York on April 11. on the charge
of having committed perjury in a divorce
suit brought in this State against his wife
Hull was arrested In New York City on a
warrant sworn out by his wife, charging
him with being a fugitive from justice.
No Indictment Against Hull.
Five persons— three, boys, a man and a
girl— were taken from the building uncon
scious to Gouverneur Hospital. There is
groat excitement about the scene and it
is very difficult to obtain details.
Five More Seriously*, Injured and
Taken Unconscious to the
Hpspital.
NEW YORK, June 14.— Fire In- a tene
ment house at 34 Jackson street at 3
o'clock this morning caused the death of
nine people. The dead are:
DANIEL MILLER.
DANIEL MARRIOX.
- MRS. MARY MARRIONi
MAMIE MARRION. aped IS
ALBERT A. MARRIOX, aged 15
Another son. aged 13.
ANTON NETTER, aged 8 months.
The Marrions^were all of one family.
It u! s i th^ ught . that tw -^ more bodies are
still in the ruins.
NINE MEET DEATH
IN TENEMENT FIRE
fight against the Indians. The building
was finally set afire and seven cowboys
perished In the flames or were killed
After the battle with the cowboys the In.
£ R ,?I. burned the remainder of the ranch
Dulldlnprs and drove off several hundred
head of cattle Into the mountains.
8
LATE SAMUEL LAVENSON
SEYMOUR EATON,
Director.
SUMMER COURSES,
...1900...
Beginning Friday, June 29.
THE CALL'S
Home Study Circle.
g*&£s&SZ»r I will guarantee
Je^?J;%£\ that E 7 Sidney Curo
/3s3£$<^*?i l ;Mf- •will cure 90 per ceut.
jfslr^^vi^L °* "" rorms of kidney
rfjKSy --' ; 33 complaint anil In
«t3 ¦ '^tiP mBn J Instances tie
\s «**^i*"*"jy most scrioca forms of
1* W 5 2 Ja' BrightV disease. IS
\. /"*JC? '* *^ e l " sease s cona-
1k plicated send a foar-
/ onnce rial of crtne.
*f and adrlse you tree
I \ »** what to do.
It tn ftugglits. 2So. • »1«1. Guide ta Resltb
Bad m«1!c«1 arirW'e <re#. 1503 Arch at.. Phils.
lillMMliiliif
pllp^ WONDERfUL
XL iTiTlTTCTn
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOW.NED
"Masnetlc Elastic Truss"' Dr. Piorce cave t.j
the public the most rpmarkable remedy ever
discovered for the successful treatment ot
Hernia, or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers
have been permanently relieve'! and radically
CURED by this irreat appliance and thousand*
of others are now on the road to completo re-
covery. This Tru««s U different from all others.
It does the workt
You can get our "BOOKLET No. 1" by cas-
ing at the office, or It will he sent on receipt
of a 2-cent stamp. It tells all about this Truy3.
"magnetic elastic truss go.,
CSO Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel),
San Francisco.
Eastern Office— New York City.
F>ALAGE HOTEL
- The high standard of excellence main-
tained by these hotels Is reccRr.Ued an.l
appreciated by a d'.scrlmin.itlnR and fa»
tldlcua clientele who rejrularly make them
their headquarters when in San Frar.cisco
Located In close proximity to wholesale
and ehoppicsr districts, places of amuse-
ment and with the further advantas* of
havir.E street car3 to all points of tnteres:
pass the entrance.
American plan. European plan.
GRAND MOTEL
UUCHA.WS BROS..
Brush .Manufacturers. 6O9 Sasramanto 3:
12 1? TIC XI 1?Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
IJilU Olll-iW ors - fcootblacka. b.V.M-
fcouses, billiard taM.-».
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannerx
dyer*, flourmtlis. foundries, laundries, paj^r*
hangers, printers. paln:?r*. shoe factories, »:*-
tlemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, «t&
DS.P3ERCE'S. "
MEDICAL
FOR THE
BB1OOD.B.BVEK.SJLJNG5;
North America.
III. Famous Art Galleries - of the
. World.
IV. Historic Studies In Home Fur-
nishing.
V. Comparative Studies of Two Cen-
turies. ¦ /\
VI." Literary Talks and Reminis-
cences. -
I. American Political Parties.
II. The Discoverers and Explorers of
REYNOLD'S
%$9 lIMij M Few per?o'M need
Xii*^ bJ be confined by
Goutor Rheumatism, if on the firsjaprrouc^
of the paroxysin thty have recourse to tli.s rem-
edy ; then, a single dose is often .*u flic lent.
*:. *l)l tiKICl A CO.. 30.30 S. William St.- V ?.
— : -
J^ii'^^i^SMlI l"8 O f> a nen-pewrrarm
<V©&?^^%>53I feuody for acnorrlu>a»
XsS'jr CCBE *^fS Otoet. Sponastorrh-i'J,
nl&Jf in 1 to i> Joj"».">j Whitnj. unnatural '.¦*•
JJJc'Jf Gcirsat~cd £| charges, or any infln— *tn*"
fi*i»Jj| aot to sulc.ufo. tioa, .irrliitlon or iuccra»
g^— ¦, Pmtcsu eanteglea. tion of m u c o n 3 cjen»»
wXliTHEEvmCHEiimJiCa branea. il0D-Mtrin«esS.
%S^;\C!ND.t)CAr!.oi-3^ri -Solil Oy Drnsr?n»
V&$*V B-". a 9*ff or sent ta plain wrapper,
<iSS^S,^' by express, prrpaiJ, to*
v- ,™*£2££" V ES fairqi" tut t*wA
WEAK, NERVOUS MEN!
Here, is the source oi health.; If you feel nervous, despondent weak in stnm
ach. sleepless, easily depressed, with pains in back and shoulders weak L^T
neys and generally wanting in energy, a steady, glowing current'of electrirltv
pouring into^your- system for six or eight hours every night will produce re
suits that will astound you. " " uul - c rc
Dp. McLaughlin's Electric Belt
Is as good for women as for men. It is worn a few hours while von «i/ '
and is the best friend a sick person can have. It trivet relief f™ ¦ yuu . SIce P.
restores strength. It makes the blood warm and the' nerves as str™/ 1 " 1 ? m }
It does not burn the skin as it has a. special regulator and cushion deftrodes"
I invite a personal call and will give-* ¦ E'cctroaes.
a free test of ray Belt as well as advice Frv^v' 25^ 1 u - s - A - ~~~ **"
as to whether it would be helpful in " w Drit^SS'donJS' June *• 190 °-
your case. If you .cannot call" I will g-^ n is *? &?. S££«3X. WfiJ
sejid my. beautifully illustrated 8o-page+- ' Joseph curra*.
book free by mail. It has full information and prices Tali «, •. "", ~ — *"
DLL 1 McLADGEIN, '°Wk^B^
ADVERTISEMENTS,
L .__
A Live Crawling Thirty-foot
Man-Eater.
Human Lives Destroyed by Taps-Worms.
Thousands of Weak. D bUitatsd
People Are Worm-Eaten.
Lots of people are eaten alive without
knowing it. ..<' ..^' ; - , -
Thousands of Invalids suffering from
weakness and debility, wasting away in a
slow death -without apparent cause, are
turning out to ne victims of tape-wcrms.
Cascarets Candy Cathartic are- found to
be perfect eliminators of tape-worma.
those destroying parasites that are eating
up human lives by thousands.
There was no way of telling the pres-
ence of tape-worms until Cascarets began
killing them. The records of cases cume
in daily. Here i»£"e£ o Feb
Gentlemen— After suffering for two
years and spending a great deal of.monty
trying to be relieved from a tape-worm
I was Induced to try a box of your Cas-
carets. After taking four tablets between
9 a. m. and 5 p. m.. at 7 o'clock in the
evening I passed a worm about thirty-two
(32) feet leng, head and all. I take great
pleasure in recommending Cascareta to
any one suffering from this* trouble. Yours
truly. SAMUEL. WEINTELD, Traveling
Salesman, Henry Diesel Cigar Co.
If you feel bad and don't know why,
take Cascarets. They are absolutely harm-
less, make the liver lively, open the bowels
and kill the disease perms In the body.
Buy and try Cascarets to-day. It's what
they do. not what we say they'll do. that
proves their merit. All druggists, ls)c. 2."c
or 50c. or mailed for price. Send for book-
let and free sample. Address Sterling 1
Remedy Co., Chicago; Montreal, Can., or
New York.
1 This is the CASCAP.ET tab-
/TTTX let. Every tablet of the only
I IT lr lr I genuine Cascarets bears the
I l» l» l» J magic letters "C C C." Look
K. A at the tablet before you buy.
nj 1/ and beware of frauds, imita-
tions and substitutes.
Little-at- the -Time Payments.
A Stitch In Time Saves Nine.
PROSPECTIVE FURNITURE
AND CARPET
Buyers will do well to inspect oar
terms and prices before purchasing else-
where.
Every step a money saver.
Call and examine our large and ele-
gant stock.
Estimates en complete house furnish-
ing cheerruily given.
Free Delivery Within 100 Milea.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST..
Open Evenlr.gs. JJear Powell.Crane Got One Year..
Peter Morgan Ashley Crar.e was sen
tenced, yesterday by United . States Dis
trict Judge de Haven to one years Im
prifor.ment.in the San Quentin peneten- j
tiary and $103 fine. Crsr.e pleaded guilty i
of having impersonated his brother, tirniin
Crane: -and' of -bavins' falsely, sworn to n
; c'.ulin for an original Civil )Var pension.
Twenty-Four Years Insane.
Suit has been brought by the N'apa In
sane Asylum 'against the estate of Eliza
beth LJcpenfeld for S4305. The woman was
declared insane by the Superior Court in
1S7G, and for twenty-three years an3
eleven months she had been confined in
the asylum. She died recently and the
treasurer of the asylum brought suit
against Henry Leasen. her guardian and
trustee of her estate, to -recover . y rt
amount equal fo.$J5 a month for.the t'rri'?
she was under , detention.
Assessor and Tax Collector Cited.
An order to show cause why they should
not be punished for contempt of court was
issued yesterday against Washington
Dodge. Assessor, and Joseph ll. Scott.
Tax Collector, by United States Circuit
Judge Morrow, returnable at ll o'clock
next Monday morning. The order alleges
that the respondents violated the restrain
ing order of the court by attempting to
Bell the stock of the shareholders of the
Nevada National Hank of San Francisco
for the purpose of enforcing the collection
and payment of the tax upon the shares
of the capital stock of the bank.
SMUGGLED GOODS ON
THE TRANSPORT GRANT
Customs Searchers Seized Thres Thou
, sand Cigars and Valuable Silks
£ nd Laces.
Customs searchers seized yesterday
upon the transport Grant about 3000 Ma
nila cigars and several packages of silks
and laces which members cf the crew arid
others wer* attempting to smuggle
ashore. The articles were hidden In the
most out-of-the-way" places all over the
steamer and In the risglng.
Quartermaster Baker has had trouble
with the customs officials before. On the
«a«** occasion he was reprimanded by hl3
superiors for refusing to stop the vesspl
to allow the customs officers on beard.
The search of the vessel ts still proceed
ing and the searcher* are doing their
work "con amore." Tltey.say that Quar
termaster Baker will be welcome to all
the smuggled stuff that they fail to tind.
The San Francisco Commercial Trav
elers' Association will hold their fourth
annual outing and picnic at Camp Taylor
on Saturday. June IS. Many valuable gat«
apd game prizes will be awarded. The
committee of arrangements consists of
Emmet Dunn. II. H. Becker. W. T. Rar>
cel. Charles E. Tarront. C. E. Torres. B.
Fredericks. Nick Marised. H. Heinz and
J. Blanton.
Drummers to Picnic
The Divorce Court
Divorce suits have been fil«Mi as fol
lows: Mary E. Collier against Resinali
W. Collier for failure tn provide: Llllia
HIrshfeld against Walter Hirshfeid for
cruelty. Divorces have been ernnted as
follows: Mary Earl from Albert Edwar-1
Earl, for neglect: custody of minor child
awarded to plaintiff. Camtle V. Silv.i
from Jose M. Silva. desertion: custody of
minor child and $25 a month alimony
awarded to plaintiff. Matilda Edith Dunp©
from Thomas Henry Dunne, failure to
provide; plaintiff allowed tr> resume her
maiden name. Mati.de Edith Pursley.
Edith Hodges from Walter Hodges, net
lect and desertion; custody of minor child,
$23 a month alimony and $40 counsel fees
awarded plaintiff. .
STATE DISCUSSION OF
LINCOLN MONUMENT PLAN
Mass Sleeting Will Convene to Con
sider "Ways and Means of Se
curing Money.
v At a meeting of the Lincoln Monument
League, held on Wednesday, final ar
rangements were made for the State con
vention to be held in the Academy of
Sciences Hall on Saturday afternoon and
evening, June 16. Judge M. Cooney occu
pied the chair.
The object of the league is to erect a
suitable monument to the memory of Lin
coln, and t»e convention is to be held to
awaken public attention to the organiza
tion's plan. The meeting will be a repre
sentative affair, and many prominent
citizens have promised to be on hand to
help the league's efforts to perpetuate the
martyr President's memory in this city.
The league is confident that Its plans
will meet with the hearty co-operation of
t».e entire State. Invitations have been
sent broadcast, calling on those addressed
to attend the convention as honorary
members of the league. The first session
of the convention is to be called to order
at 2 p. m. and will be followed at S o'clock
by an evening session.
ANOTHER VICTIM OF
OFFICIAL NEGLIGENCE
Attorney Mitchell Pays Taxes to ex-
Collector She«han, but Proper ,
Credit Not Given.
Attorney Robert B. Mitchell Is the lat
est victim of the negligence of former
Tax Collector Sheehan's deputies to post
properly payments of taxes on real estate.
Mitchell visited Tax Collector Scott yes
terday and informed him that he had
been declared delinquent on the second
Installment of taxes on a certain piece of
property, amounting to J38 55. He had
previously ascertained in the Auditor's
offlce that the proper credit had been
riven 'to the first Installment of *3S w>. but
that the second had not been marked
paid. He exhibited a check, however,
calling for $110 52. which he had remitted
on November 14. ISM. to Sheehan and
which was indorsed by the latter in pay
ment of the total amount of taxes on
three pieces of property— *14 68. J13 .4 and
$77 10, the latter amount being for two
installments of $33 55 each. Scott In
formed Mitchell that he would have to
look to the Board of Supervisors for re
lief, as only the first installment was
credited on the cash-books and his bill
also called for one installment of $38 &>
visited the Auditor yesterday
and tendered the sum of J176 to pay for
apparent shortages on his books, hut he
was referred to the Auditor's attorney?.
Lloyd & Wood, for a settlement of the dis
puted points.
ST. PETER'S GRADUATES.
Father Yorke Delivered Address on
Catholic Education.
The commencement exercises of St.
Peter's Academy were held last night.
Three young lady graduates were present
ed with diplomas by Rev. Father Peter
C. Yorke. Following are tfae names of
those who took part in the programme:
Ida Burke, i Gertie Guthrle, Mary Mclntyre.
Katie Clarke, Masrie Dillon, Nellie Dillon, I.
Fopplano. L. Farrell, K. Walsh, E. Tyrrell.
Sadie McLaughlln, Agnes Fitzgerald. Margaret
Roche, Mary Cooney, May Barry, Ella Barry.
Alice Cooney, Mary Haley. Agnes O'Connell.
Katherine Welch. Teresa O'Connor, W. Fitz
gerald. J. Kennedy, H. Broderlck. G. Webb,
M. Glrot. L. Owen, V. Kennedy. M. Bennett.
Walter J. O'Brien, Frank J. MacKinnon, Fred
McCarthy. Frank Merrill. A. Mllly, M. Bare-
Wfs. M. Clarke, Masters W. O'Brien. J. O'Brien
and K. Cannon. L. Milly. J. Welch, May Keefe,
J. Whelan. A. Keefe. G. Collum. A. Whelan,
A. rtae. M. Keenan, L. Farrell. A. Guthrle, H.
Jones. E. Cannon.
On the conclusion of the programme
Father Yorke presented diplomas to Mary
I. Cooney. Sadie A. McLaughlln and Mar
caret M. Roche. He thanked the persons
present in the name of the Sisters of the
> cariemy for their attendance and the
W »ral manner In which they responded
t* 'h«» needs of the parish school. Branch
i$2 out into the advantages of giving chil
;>.-n a good religious education, he com
pared the schools conducted by the Sisters
with those of a secular character: holding
that no education can be of the right
kind if the religious training be omitted.
To the parents alone and not to the State
should the right of educating the child
be entrusted, he said. Catholic schools
belonged to the common people who built
them.
Father Yorke admitted that it pleased
him to know that the presidents of the
two great universities of California ad
mitted that education In the Catholic col
leges was just as> good as that given In
their colleges. Speaking of Palo Alto, he
said, in part, that it was simply a private
institution backed by millions of dollars,
with vineyards in every county in the
State to contribute to its support. This
he eomnared with Catholic colleges hav
ing nothing but the generous offerings of
those who believed in supporting such in
stitutions for the good that came from
them: for without religion, no education
would make good citizens, he said.
The speaker dwelt at some length on
the proposed amendment to the consti
tution havinc for its obiect the exempt
ing of Stanford's University from taxa
tion. This he opposed lwcause it was dis
criminating in favor of the rich as against
the poor colleges.
Hongrclse No. 6" (Liszt), Miss Sweeney; selec
tion, orchestra: "The Gypsy Queen," operetta
(Hanson)— Queen of the Gypsies (later Queen
of the Fairies). M1«r Canepa: Rosalie (Moun
tain Queen), Miss Margaret Anthony; gypsies,
fairies, peasant?. Scholastic honors— Address
to the graduates. Very Rev. P. J. Cummtna;
farewell, chorus; selection, orchestra.
HEARST SCHOOL GRADUATES.
Bridge and Denman Medals and Di-
ploxnas for Ninth Grade
Pupils.
There was a distribution of medals and
diplomas at Hearst Grammar School yes
terday. The Bridge medal was awarded
to Charles Hwyck and the Denman medal
to Helen Mangel and Vere Chamberlain.
The following pupils were recommended
Lulu Hall, honorary; Greta Venton.- Lillian
Thorson, Sophia Verkouteren. Florence Cloak,
May Cashman. Florence Hanly.
Those promoted by examinations were:
Eva Crowley. Ethel Falnveather. Alice Fll
mer. Edgar Gorham, Bessie Herrlck. Lilian
Hurney, Eva Mason, Dora Smith.
RECITATIONS AND SONGS.
Cosmopolitan School.
Closing Exercises of Graduates of
Graduating exercises of the ninth grsii*
of the Adams Cosmopolitan Grammar
School were held yesterday and the fol
lowing programme was presented:
The "Flower Song-." class: German recita
tion. Alma Barth; violin solo. Babette Cline:
French recitation. Z."ta Fahey. Claire Rrcwn
stone, Gertrude Pollack: cornet polo. Louise
Levy; essay. "A Winter In Florida," Dixie
Osborn; class song, "The Sailor's Wife"; club
swinging. Harry Schreiber; recitation. "Water
million," Minnie Levlson; piano solo. Sophie
Harris: essay. "A Visit to a Gold Mine," lien
Nordman; piano duet, Alice Kortjohn. Adelle
Heeder; class song, "The River Song" and
"America."
come. There was a pplendld impromptu
programme, after which Principal Silas
A. White awarded the diplomas and
medals. Mrs. Taylor, the class teacher,
pinned the medals on the breasts of the
fortunate pupils.
The following graduates received diplo
mas:
Mary E. Albert!, Addle E. Buker. Kina VT.
Boyle. Lillian M. Craig. Etta M Canty, Ethel
W Cayot. Florence E. Collins. Nellie u. Flan
agan Litlie P. Hansell. Stella F. Hencke. Liz
zie M Hubbard. Nelita M. Kruger, Rose Mc-
DonouVh. Louise M. Patris. Ida Phllpott. Annie
riawllnson. Marie O. Strohun. Antoinette Tay
lor Bertha Van Wie. Edna C. Vennekohl.
Henrietta Velller. Gretta Waterman. Percy
Cecil. Robert Dunlop. Arthur Dejune. J. Archie
Johnston. William luring. Herbert Manners,
Leslie Stadfeld, Herman Westefeld.
Ix>utea Patris and Edna Vennekohl
were awarded Denman medals. Percy
Cecil received the Bridge medal and Mary
Albert!. Stella Hencke and Herbert Man
ners each received one of the handsome
medals awarded by Silas White, the prin
cipal of the school. \;, : . ,,_
On Saturday the graduates will be the
guests of Principal White at an afternoon
reception, between the hours of 2 and 4.
at his residence on Union street. The
programme for the afternoon was as fol
lows :
Musl<\ Antoinette Taylor; ring. "Freedom
Forover." elas*: recitation. "Wishing." Xellta.
Kruger: ensay "Class of 1900," Henriette Vell
ler: recitation. "So Wag I." William I»->rinir,
eor.g. "Drifting." claw; recitation. "When the
Minister Comes to Tea," M. Strohlln; piano
polo. Nellta Kruger: dialogue, Ethel Cayot,
Arthur Dejune. Arthur Johnston; violin solo.
Pe'cy Aul; reading. Rose McDonough; recita
tion. "The Church Fair," Ha Phllnctt; *on«r.
'•Guardian Angel." class: 'The Recessional,"
rlasr: presentation of medals; '.'Salute the
Flag," class; "Parting Song."
Closing' Ex-rcises of St.' Vincent
CONVENT GIBLS GRADUATE.
School at Alcazar.
The Ftage of the Alcazar Theater was
crowded yesterday afternoon with sweet
girl graduates and pupils of the lower
grades of St. .Vincent's School, who took
part in some of the most elaborate clos
ing exercises ever participated in by
school children. A feature of the exer
cises was the awarding of diplomas to the
graduates, the MiFses Mary Fitzgerald,
Cordelia Burns. Delia Ahem. Lillian Ho
gan. Mary Reilly and Mary Regan. Miss
Sweeney "and Miss Mary Rownen wer<»
awarded the gold medals for special qual
ifications In music.
The programme in full was as follows:
Overture, orchestra: "O Quam. Dilecta,"
nacred chorus; trio. '"Tulip" (Llchner). Misses
Murray, Woods. McCarthy, Kutcher. Dauch
ney Rr«n. O'Connor. Hurley. Rowan: "Klss
lns Papa Through the Telephone" (Minims):
recitation, senior*; chorus, "Klng'8 Laughter,"
"Our Little Men"; trio, caprice (Mueller),
Misses Anthony. Farrell. Hagerty, Purvis. Dil
lon, Woods. Mullen, Kingston, O'Connell;
¦'Remember Me to All at Home." boys* chorus;
duet 'Tarantelle" (Heller), Misses Sullivan,
Ferrare Kirk. Donegan. Ewlng. Farrell; reci
tation Juniors: duet, "Spanish Dances" (Mos
kowsky). Misses Pun-Is. Sweeney, Sheen- Rea
ran. Sullivan, Anthony: <a) "Keenan's
Cnarjre " ' <b) "Tenting on the Old Camp
Ground," "Our Beys Ja Blue"; "lihapeodie
Paul Strickert Will Secure a Licensa
to Wed Martha Rachpauer, Who
Sued Him for 550,000.
Paul Strickert. who was recently sued
by Martha Rachpauer for 550.0OD damages
for breach of promise, visited "Cupid"
Danforth yesterday and asked for a mar
riage license to wed the fair plaintiff In
the case. The suit is pending in Judge
Daingerfleld's court, and Strickert will
now put an end to the litigation, which
might result in financial loss to himself.
Miss Rachpauer alleged in her complaint
that ritrlckert had promised to marry her
within four months, and she had remained
single with that expectation. Strickert
filed an answer in which he denied that
he had promised to marry the lady in four
months' time, but said he was ready and
willing to marry her at some later date.
He aiso filed a written release of all
claims of varied character signed by Miss
Rachpauer.
Stiickert informed Danforth that he had
made up his mind to marry Miss Kach
pauer, but that her lawyers had
advised her to refuse his offer because she
owed him some fees. He desired to know
whether he could be held responsible for
debts contracted by the lady before his
marriage to her, and on being informed
that he could not the license was made
out.
Just before passing the paper to Strick
ert Danforth asked him if he was going
to be married in this city, and the pros
pective groom replied that he was going
to Oakland to have the knot tied. Dan
forth Informed him that the license was
only good in this city and county, but
Strickert said that he wanted to be mar
ried by an old clergyman friend In Oak
land, and he left to secure the license in
that city.
BREACH OF PROMISE
SUIT TO END HAPPILY
Cypress, SI— J. E. Jacobson, G. T. Smith A
M. Bianchl. E. P. Hanson.
Morvin. 62— Geoixe W. Lovie. James Stafford.
Mount T.imalpals. ;s— Jowph Albert!, T. P.
Boyil. W. F. Magee. A. Kapperman, W. F.
Donsbetty. C. B. Shaver.
Mcrton. 62— J. Fallan-Iy. F. Clavlri.
Hayward. 6»— «\ B. Harman. H. G. Alberts.
Guerneville, C?— G. W. Heason. Ole Hansen.
A. Pocat. V. Guoianich. H. Miller. J. L. Lowe,
J. G. Pienlnsr. J. W. Banks.
Solano. 72— J. F. Maganinl, H. A. Miller.
Judge A. J. Buckle?. H. O. Brooks.
Columbus. 74— A. Vatoni.
Sonoma, 75— E. Erald*. S. Culcl, A. G. Bu
lottl.
Garden. 7*— X. E. Wretman, J. P. Bengtson,
O. A. Oberg. J. Gustafson.
William Tell. 77— James Acrustapaee, Glo-
the future. The grand officers are:
Frank Lewis, junior past noble grand
arch; James F. Martinoni, noble grand
arch: Henry Lange. deputy noble grand
arch; John M. Graves, grand secretary;
E. H. Goetze. grand treasurer; J. S, Go
deau, grand guardian; J. Nickels, Henry
A, Chase and Anton Ewald, grand trus->
* tees.
The reports that will be presented will
show that during the administration of
Noble Grand Arch J. F. Martinoni. a wcl!
known merchant of this city, and who has
devoted a great deal or his time and at
tention to advancing the order, there has
been a remarkable gain In membership
and finance. The net gain In membership
during that period has been in excess of
1100. Eight new groves were established
by Institution, one was revived and not
one was either suspended or surrendered
its charter. The numerical strength of
the order was at the time of holding the
previous session in Placerville 5061. Now
it Is in excess of 6160. distributed in sev
enty-nine gToves, of which sixteen are in
this city. The groves work in the Eng
lish. Italian, German and French lan
guages.
The following named are the representa
tives to the Grand Grove from the sub
ordinate groves:
California Grove Ka 1— M. Mayed, Charles
Jordan.
San Francisco, 3— Charles Lesler, John
Schmidt.
Eureka, 4— Tobias Hook. L. Fabey.
Xorma. I — C. C. O'Donnell. J. W. Goetz* 1 .
WalhaJla. 6— J. Lewis. S. Paska, Henry
Mayed. Marro Zarich. Tony Zetz.
Slgel, T— V.'llliam Waguer. Charles Herbert.
William Dimmer.
San Joaiuin. &— G. Mengel, G. Schmidt, G.
Wolf. F. Stoetzer.
Perseverance. 10— J. Michel. A. Goustiana.
P. Camees, P. Borel. L. Chassagne, M. Hupfer,
A. Laorle. J. Letroadec.
Hesperian 15— John Hutton, F. J. Horn, A.
W. Martin, D. Vlllalon.
Laurel. 17— J. Hagan, L. J. Peri, Henry A.
Chase, C. Antonioli. L. A. Wolff.
Templar. 1*— C. E. Carltcn. A. Anderson. H.
Mentzer N. A. Cfcristeneen, A. L. Anderson.
. Madrona. 21— T. R. "Walti, Carl Beck, M. Va
cozza.
San Joee. 23— A. M. Gubottl. F. Hartln*.
Oakland. 24— Thotnaa Lir.ton, T. J. Brady,
Charles Achard.
Modesto. 34 — R. A. Sorenson. John Kand. 11.
Christ, G. R. Graves, Aurust Simon. John J.
Porter.
El Dorado, 35— Engeni Piapsl. P. Vorazza.
Merced. ?«— M. M. Vincent. L. Wegner.
GaJlleo. £7— A. Arnaboldi. G. Gallo, G. Iac
chere. C. A. Ma&iptra, A. Aloir.o. J. F. Rosri.
G B. Cordano. L. Canepa, G. Leopori, G. Mus
so. P G. Medinarl. S. Bollaro. G. Iscardo.
' Petaluma, 38— M. L. Feddeson. H. Dillraaar!,
M. Dillmann. H. Sudy.
Olema. 35— Joseph Cavalli. Frank Seray, J.
Bullattl.
, St. Helena, 41— A. Fornl. M. P. Garner, J. G.
Johnson. S. McCurdy, H. Sang-er.
Xicai-io. A2— Paul Sonog^lnl.
Vaseo da Gama— F. J. Cunha, F. M. Ramos,
F. D. Rodrirues. J. C. Fernandas.
Mayfleld. 45— D. D. Tilrnon, C. Drucker, John
Lundrtrom.
Santa Rosa. 47— H. Grams, O. H. Hoar.
Mission. ST — Fred Rust. J. N. Johnson.
Volta. SS— I* P. Costa. G. Raggl, G. Baldls
pone, A. Ccrta. J. L,. Valente.
Liverrrore. 8>— Fred "Malley. OeorK* Black.
Cayurc?, 90— A. C.ir.evasanl, M. Pelucca.
Washington. 91 — Joseyfi La Point \V C
Hodges. C. V. Rowel!.
Aifertcus. P3 — P. Ferrari. B. Laloi. S. Fregosf I
Frederick Seig, 94— U G. Morel!!, A. Fran
clschl.
Rome. 95— A. Pezzolo. G. Peizolo. F. Pezzolo,
C. CHvio. D Zunlno. G. Cordano.
Macnolla. ST— J. B. Franklin. C. J. Schmidt.
Concordia. PS— C. Allegretti. G. Mazzei, A.
Rossi J. Gallo.
Far Wort. »-W. M. Michell. M. Muller.
Guadalupe. 100— M. F. Lima, M. D. Sanche«.
Salinas. 1C1— F. Schroder.
Ottavio. 103— S. Gori. R. Vanucchl.
Golden Star. 1<M— D. Ganlcvlch. F. Roux. P.
J. Mcleiesanl. F. Harrison. P. C. Mullaslove,
A. Frar.cn'lch.
Manzanita. 1C«— R. C. Kelly. W. H. Thorn
ley. \V. Dollen. tt\ D. V.il^ox. it, J. Enos. P.
SontaK. F. Marslnl, \V. Z. Pea*.
Aurora. 107— C, Guslielnionl. O. Fortunl.il. I
Bianchl. H. X, Torello. L. Valangiacomo, P. I
Barrtll.
Alplnt. 10S— J. A. Dtveto, G. Baffiso. D. !
Cerejthlno A. Avar.zlno. O. Palial^a. L. Fionc. J
GuUerrl Verii. 10?— V. Angell, M. Pozzi, G. j
.GaRliardo. J. Lenlcicr.l.
Giordano Bruno — L.. iiajplo.
Bacram.er.to, i:J— A Lazzarl, V. Marianl, B. I
Pellegrini. A. Capnlccl.
N'ovato. 113— E. R. Samuels. C. C. William?. i
Jackson, ill— A. Campanella. E. V. l.tni/a,.
Fraternity 115— G. E. Caldv.ell, K. Besmer. '
OIi\<\ 116— J. Mcssi.
Fort ana. 117— J. Larermarslno. Mark Bellcnl. |
Stcxkten, IIS— James A. Louttit, Charles d«
Leigh.
Ol;mria. 31J-W. H. B3Wle, Frederick Meu
ren
B«-niPl3. 120-J. B. Devlin.
Bert-piont. 121-J. B. Vall»ctr'.a.
Orar-.se. 122— C. J. Schmidt."
The present noble grand arch will be
come the junior noble arrand arch and he |
will be succeeded by Henry Lange of St.
Helena Grove, at present deputy noble j
grand arch. He has been a Druid fnr I
more than a quarter of a century and has
during that time made many friends in
the ord?r. Jules S. Godeau. at present ¦
grand guard, will be rao<t undoubtedly the i
next deputy grand arch, as there Is no '
one as a candidate against him. He Is a '
member of Perseverance Grove of this
city. John M. Graves, who has been |
grand secretary for years, will be J
a candidate for re-election. He is a mem
ber of Modesto Grove. K. H. Goetze will |
not be a candidate for the office of grand
treasurer that he has filled for several
years. The only one spoken of for that
position is James Hagan of Laurel Grove j
of this city. For the offlce of grand mar- I
sbal G. H. Bertram of JCorma Grove and j
C, Guglielmoni of Aurora Grove will be
candidates. Three supreme representn- 1
lives will be selected from the following i
' named past grand noble arches: J. F.
Martlnonl. F. Cavagnaro. E. H. Goetze.
George \V. Lovle, Frank Lewis and E. L.
Wagner. The Supreme Grove will meet
in Indianapolis on the 14th of August.
During the session of the Grand Grove
a new hall secured at the Mission by
Olympia Grove will be dedicated by the
grand officers with" Druldlc ceremonies.
There will also be a grand ball in honor
of the grand officers and representatives.
t I.
Geology Is more closely related to the
intelligent development of the material
resources of a country than la any other
branch of natural science. Upon the raw
materials furnished by mining and agri
culture all forms of manufacturing and
commercial Industry are primarily based,
and with both these fundamentals geology
is inextricably involved. The science has
therefore both Us applied and Its purely
scientific aspects, and It Is necessary* 0
appreciate its dual character in order to
establish a correct perspective in compar
ing Its condition In the year 1S00 with that
in the year 19D0. The Importance of this
appreciation lies in the fact that in
its application to industrial needs geology
has claims to governmental support, and
it is by the aid of national and State geo
logical surveys that the recent great ad
vances in the science have been made pos
sible.
By the close of the eighteenth century
the larger facts in the structure of the
globe were familiar to all men of science
who had given them attention. Mines had
been In operation for 2000 yeara and more,
and had been conducted with much intel
ligence for several centuries. It was evi
dent to all observers that disturbances
of the earth's crust had taken
place, that folds, faults and Joints
had resulted, and that the cracks had in
many cases been filled with later minerals.
Kocks were known to be of both sedi
mentary and of igneous origin. It was
well appreciated that some were older
than otners, but the classifications into
time series were very incomplete, espe
cially for the paleozoic strata. In the re
lated department of mineralogy the com
moner species had been Identified and
named and considerable information was
current regarding their chemical compo
sition. Fossils had- been long known and
had been correctly interpreted as the re
mains of the former organisms. In the
Paris basin several observers had shown
that the fossils followed one another in
/equence, and were, within limits, char
'aeterlsilc of particular strata and useful
for their Identification, but this knowledge
was restricted to a very few savants. In
the opening years of the present century
it was made generally available in France
by Cuvler.and Brogniart and was devel
oped quite "Independently by William
Smith in England. In the closing years of
the eighteenth century, however, most
men interested in this branch were appar
ently not aware of the importance, or. In
fact, of the existence, of these relations.
- In the eighteenth century only a small
part of , tne world had been geologically
described, and that with a very Imper
fect scientific vocabulary. France. Ger
many. Italy, Russia and England had re
ceived considerable attention, but the
rest of the world remained for the fu
ture. The terra incognita is indeed by
np means exhausted even to-day, but 100
years ago the two Americas, Asia. Af
rica and Australia can hardly be said to
have existed so far as geological knowl
edge is concerned. Governmental surveys
had scarcely begun. The science ad
vanced by individual effort, which often
taxed the means of the Investigator to
the breaking point. Scientists were also
largely . Influenced by the metaphysical
tendencies of their own and previous cen
turies. They had not altogether outgrown
earlier habits of thought, induced by older
methods of education.
All this being true, it was natural that
writers on geology during this period de
veloped in their scientific work tendencies
to speculative systems, to the creation of
hypotheses, to grand generalizations and
to the formulation of theoretical views
w.lth which they sought to make nature
conform. They exhibit all the character
istics of half-informed minds. The soil
was fertile and seeds had been sown, but
much of the resulting vegetation proved
io be weeds and of necessity had to be
cut down and destroyed. Of this charac
ter were the extreme views of the Nep
tunfsts. of the Plutonists and in the years
soon after ISOO of the searchers after so
called world-hypothesis. Of them all the
NeptunJsts were the most important and
in some respects the most unfortunate in
their Influence. It required many years
and a hard struggle with an Insidious
foe to rid geological thought of their mis
taken conceptions and doctrines.
Early in the present century a reaction
set in. Hypotheses were abandoned for
observation and record. Geological socie
ties and geological sections in scientific
societies of a more general nature were
established and archives of record were
provided. Governmental geological sur
veys found favor and by the end of the
fifth decade were or had been in opera
tion In almost all the more advanced
States and countries. Their systematic
work and their reports from trained ob
servers, directed by a single responsible
head, soon placed at command a vast
amount of information of which the fath
ers in the science had no conception. The
oretical views more and more grew to
be based on sound evidence and to be
worthy of acceptance by conservative stu
dents. Besides tho printed reports the
surveys have provided geologists at large
with maps, both topographical and geo
logical, and before the admiring and al
most bewildered gaze~of the onlooker
have unrolled the geological panorama
with a richness and fullness not dreamed
of at the close of the last century.
Under a few topics it is possible to sum
GEOLOGY IN ITS RELATION TO COMMERCE.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
COmPARATIVE STUDIES <>*» T\A/O CENTURIES.
up the cbief subjects in which 19C0 shows
the greatest advance over 1S00.
The most ancient rocks are recognized
now to be Igneous In their nature and
when they possess a foliation which sug
gests sedimentary bedding it is thought
to be due to mechanical crushing and
shearing. The- foliated structure had for
merly led many to believe in their sedi
mentary origin. On the other hand, tho
development of reliable methods of ob
servation of phenomena in the Held and
the interpretation of the mineralo?lcal
and chemical composition of crystalline
rocks In the laboratory have made possi
ble a vast advance in our knowledge of
those elusive members of the earth's
crust which are usually described a*
"metamorphic." Not alone in appreciat
ing the igneous nature of some but In de
monstrating the sedimentary nature el
others and In working out the structure
of many complex areas, such as the Alps.
the Scottish highlands and the Lake Su
perior region, have we gained outposts far
in .advance of those held in the year ISOO.
To-day we regard these problems as
among the most attractive or the science,
although their difficulty is not belittled.
When the strata of the older fossillfer
ous periods, J. . e., those constituting the
paleozoic era, are considered, the advance
in knowledge ia simply astonishing. The
geologists of the last century knew Uttlo
of these beds; their experience, so far ai
any stratigraphy worthy of the namn
was concerned, was limited to the meso
zolc and cenozoic formations. To-day wo
are well aware that fossils occur as far
back as the base of the Cambrian, if nut
still lower. Faunas have been collected,
studied and classified from strata that
our forefathers would have given up as
hopeless. The next century will probably
push the limits still further back, and al
ready In tho closing years of the present
one several keen observers have found
encouragement for this expectation. In
deed, geology presents no more attractive
field for investigation.
In the study of faunas, floras . and
the general life of the past the biological
investigator has been irresistibly led up>
to the conceptions of evolution, and con
versely the thought of the later students
has been most strongly Influenced by
these views. Their appreciation and adop
tion were inevitable with the growth or
knowledge, and they have In turn cast a.
flood of light upon the development of
life In the past. Yet no one believes that
the last word has been said and many
curious facts and relations remain to
be explained. The forces back of organic
growth, as applied to the genus or group
as well as the species and individual. giv«
subjects for meditation to the well-in
formed mind, especially If it possess a
philosophical tendency. Most important
of all in this respect is the origin and fu
1 AnofheTo" that are entire
ly the product of the century now closing
is that of the glacial period. It was sug
gested in the earlier aecades. but it ha*
had its chief development in the later
ones. Its phenomena are so widespread
and familiar in our northern latitudes that
it has elements of great popularity. a3
well as profound scientific character.
That the great ice sheet existed no one
longer questions, but as to what caused it
thefe is still wide difference of op nion.
Astronomical variations, continental ele
vations and changes In the percentage of
carbonic acid in the atmosphere have all
been cited. There may be others of which
we have no present anticipation, but tho
last two certainly seem, to have been or
serious moment. The phenomena pro
duced by the Ice sheets are now recorded
and described in great detail, and for
their interpretation much study has been
given to Greenland and other polar re
gions which stiU preserve the conditions
now fong past In southern latitudes.
The study of the moraines and other de
posits of the continental glacier, as well
as investigations of the earth's surface In
unglaciated regions, have brought into
prominence the Importance of a proper
understanding of land foVms and land
sculpture. This fascinating department of
geology has developed almost into a sepa
rate school of scientific work. Its general
importance lies In Its Influence on the
proper study of geography in the schools,
and therein its effect is far-reaching.
Realizing as a fundamental conception
that all land forms are the results of the
action of geological forces, the mountains.
valleys, coasts and Interior plains are
explained upon this basis even to the very
young. Rivers and lakes reveal life his
tories, and a mountain range becomes not
merely a series of lines on a map. but a
great topographical barrier that may
have had a powerful Influence, as In the
case of our Appalachians, upon the de
velopment ot the country. True concep
tions may thus be established at the very
outset which will afterward bear upon
historical study in a most Important man
ner. History, political economy and all
the subjects connected with the evolution
of States are Involved In it.
And finally. In modem mining and quar
rying, in agriculture and work of an en
gineering nature, the influence of broader
and more •correct views la manifest on
every hand. Greater certainty of opera
tion, less and less of wild and unreason
able expectation and more and more of
intelligent development are manifested, so
that in many ways not always realized by
the general public the civilization of the
closing year of the nineteenth century
owes a great debt to geology.
J. F. KEMF.
Columbia University.
nannl Banchero, Domlnlco Xavone, Agostina
Muzzle. "
Luis de Camoens, SI— M. S. Llnla, S. G. AI
dlne.
Pleapantnn. SI— J. P. Rose, Frank Lewis, N.
Kallsky. 51. Pine.
Tomal'f, S3— D. Demartlni. A. $V. Dado. P.
Caliceri.
Dant<\ S4— F. Bondlettl, V. Bamarlnl, L.
Gran-'ccfe.
Acorian. S6— A. C. Nunes, M. S. Neves, J. S.
Silverlea.
The Candidates for
Grand. Offices-A
Ball to Be Given.
Gain in Member
ship Has Been
Very Noticeable.
THE Orand Grove of the f nited An
cient Order of Druids will meet In
|i thirty-sixth annual session In the
Druidie Temple on Sutter street, in
this city, on the l?th inst. and remain in
session several days.
Tho grand officers and the representa
tives will transact the business that shall
come before the session and legislate for
How Druidism Has
Advanced During
Last Term in State
Representatives
of Seventy-Nine
Minor Groves.
GRAND GROVE OF DRUIDS TO
HOLD ANNUAL SESSION HERE
The r.ir.th erado pupils of the Denman
tirammar School hcW their graduating
exercises yesterday afternoon. An excel
lent programme of music and recitations
was presented, after which the graduates
received their diplomas, while a limited
number of bright pupils were presented
with medals.
The schoolroom In which the exercises
were held was handsomely decorated with
flowers for the occasion. Mrs. M. M.
Fitzgerald, the class teacher, presided,
and Principal A. 1>. Mann awarded the
diplomas and medals to the successful pu
riis. Tbere was much applause for all the
graduates and many floral cCTerings.
Denman city medals were awarded to
Miss Annie Bailey, Miss Marie Fitz Mau
rice, Miss Marie Knapp and Miss Bernice
Ka::ey. Miss Edson Bergin. Miss Nina
mow. Miss Alice Lacay. Jliss Pearl Ladd.
->I:fs Elsa I^ange, Miss Lucile Low, Miss
Carrie Malfame, Miss Gertrude Mason,
Miss Charlotte Wool! and Miss Lillian
Zobcl recti\ed Denman School medals.
The deportment medal was awaiucc to
-U:p!= Injrer Aune.
The graduates were as follows
Alice Athmtone, Ir.jer Aune, Annie Bailey,
Thrt-sa. Bai-m. Millie Bell. Edson liergin, Josle
lif-Tiyc^tn. N:na ii:ow-. IJ-rtha. Urownins. Alice
''lauis. lirsfi Cohen. Jes«.ie Ccraijton. Marie
P;tz ijauricf, :;•- I-Tinn. Marguerite Freder-
ich. May Gibaon. Ada Gilberts, Lydia Gre-n,
Anita iiaVienicht. Josophiae Hannigan, Marie
Krjipp. Alice Lacay. l"earl Ladd, Elsa I^ange,
Hi.ii* i Lindley. Lucile Low. Lou'.ee ibj- r. Car
rie Malfanti. GertruJe Mason. Ksther McCall.
Lotta. McKcar.. Jo«ie Normand. ilaybel Peck.
Lillian PrCfCtor. Mar>- yuicn. Berenice Kaney,
Eth»l P.cff Xilldre.1 Lallee, Mabel TMd. Edith
Vechte. Jennie Wilshire. Charlotte Wooll, Ul
lian Zobel.
The afternoon'* propramme was as fol
lows:
Music (a) "Greetir-s" (Mendelssohn) ; (b)
"Two Swallow*" Schumann). Welcome. Marie
Fitz Maurice; recitation. "Jerry." Josephine
Norrr.and: voc&i solo. "A Lullaby." Louise
MaJ'-r. Muclc. «a) "Lift Thine Eyes" (Mea-
Ceisr-chr^: <h) r' ara0 solo, Annie Bailey: "Dream
rj gpiine" <Rjhde). Recitatiea. "Order for a
Picture" (Alice M. Careyj, Maybel Peck: claw
; retc-r.tatioii of pictures. Mufic, «a) "Star of
;i"me" (Malfr); <bf piano solo. Pearl Ladd;
Hungarian Rhapsody. 1-" «LiZFt). Prctenta
::on cf medals. Hon. James Denman; vocal
cj»t. "Good -by. Ye Flowerets Fair," Pearl
Ladd and Ethel Ros*; I'resentation of diplo
rr.eE. Music. <a) "Over Hill. Over Dale" (Men
c<-I«sK>hr.); <b) "Sounds of Evening" «.Abt).
F&re»«U, Berenice Raney. Music. <a) "Lead,
K:nciy Light"; <b) "God Ever Glorious."
•¦AEierica." c!as-s and audience. Pianists. An
nie Bailey and Pearl Ladl.
EVENIl'G PUPILS REWARDED.
Closing cf High School and Drawing
Departments of the Humboldt.
The closing exercises of the high school
and drawing departments of the Hum
boldt Evening School were held last even
ing at Odd Fellows' HaiL Superintendent
Webster acted as chairman of the even
lr^. "Director Deamaa presented awards
io the following named pupils:
HIGH SCHOOL DEPARTMENT. *
Port graduates— Insrid Ilansen. Allan Henry
Seniors— Herbert Arthur. Frederick Ban
rr.anr.. R<Maad A. Grulb. B. V. Killilea, Jacob
5. Lirhtig. V. P. Laufenberg, R. A. Haus
man. W. P. Kaufman. Frank I. Lj-ncb, Otto
'. i'etcr**T.. W. K. Galloway. Tk". M. Hassey.
Grumsn. W. J. Sanderson. Auruet
V^y.rrs. John R. Fciecrd. Victor J. Veckl,
Oariea J. Nlcolai.
Literary lur.tcrs— Albert Browa, Jamee B.
::::.». Charie* David. Joseph B. Hcgan. Stella
A Limbert. Attilio S. Musacte. Henry R.
y. -r.r. George A. Mortattt. BueU C. Nelscn,
A I .a B. O" Krten. Lert B. gh'.pley. Albert Faus-
Ma.rg£!^t Ac^e Watson. Edward Ellii
6 ;»ntiflc juniors— Jay V. Curr&n. Eutene J.
Fome*. Thomae W. Forsyth, Koah E. Gyle,
n*«Jter Marshall. Frank M. MacFee. John J.
UcKcoo, Tbonias J. McKeon. N. A. McLaugh
..:. K'.bert J. Miller. Georg* J. Presley, James
B. S-horn. Clinton H, Staubrldee.
DRAWING DEPARTMENT.
C^— iScat«6 of Trork accomplished — Toby
I>»ira-ald, William Bateman, Clarenc* BUler,
Rodaer Chlsholm. Alexander Henderson. C. Ko
fMrr.oto. J. «J. Morrison, Anton Mathlesen. El-
Eacr A. FriSlcy. Edward Urown, Joseph Clark.
,'-'.n Fahey, Alfred <J. Kays. Ralph Maurer.
O rpe A. Miller. George Pleasant. H. Thomp
roa, Wayland E. Jonea. B_ Cunningham. Har-
i J. Crai*, Carl Walker. Frank A. Hicks,
• i. MiET.usen. Wiifred Robinson. John F. Allen,
liiriel Clanry. Horace. Conyere. Joseph Felix,
.Jarr.r-s Fortune, Andrew K. Haes>, Stanley
Lewln. William A. Mackey, Henry McKellops.
L^n Sioffat. George Peterson. F. A. techoen
r:ein. Chrt« Muw, James Stewart. Leonard
Thoistf, Toku Taksra. A. E. Smith. Malcolm
Turner, B. Itusf* 11 Wood. George Sammy. Jack
Weils. Clifford Blatx n, Alven Martin. Olof OI
eon, William J. Petens. Anton gchmltz, Wal
lace E. Stuhr. Cherter W. Ripley. Willlaia Mc-
I^r.nan. Frank Hawton. Harold G. Lellich.
Henry B. Smith. Arthur R. Bird. Frederick
Birdsa'.I. Cfcaries Darby, Harry J. Down. James
T. Ducran, Welter Goldstein. Alex W. Hesa,
SI. Vf. Howard. Mehille H«rzoff. Edward L.
Voy. r>avi<l Johns. Carlton V. Lao«, George
T. Law-son. William H. Ohraen, Grant B
Shipley, Reuben TeUarn. William Thiele. Jesse
O. TunrJcliSe. Oscar von BirMfl, James Knox.
Frank Heuer, Albert Terkelson, Arthur Jo
tasnsen.
The following- constituted the evening's
programme:
Overture, orchestra: Introductory remarks;
Falutatory Thomas W. Forsyth; tenor eolo.
<J«~.n:e V. aUaoe. Ef*&j-— The Application of
I>rawin« to <a) Comrn'rOT, B. Russell Wood;
'b) Vechanie*. Reuben Tellam; <c> Arch*tec
tur*. Toby BearwiM. College songs. Humboldt
IXrni&g Srhool Gleo Club; «*ay, "A Soldier's
Trip to Cuba," Robert E. Balr.es; presentation
rt df-bating team; essaj-. "Aspiration and In
spiration." Marram Watson; cornet solo,
'ie^rre Rupe; «>?ay. "The Advancement of
Science ia the Nineteenth Cer.tury." Otto C.
I'fterwn; recitation, Dorothea Frazler; bork
Hjrr.b^Idt EieninK School Quaru-t; valedictory,
•"Chivalry. Medle-val and Modern." Ueatric-e v!
Kiililea.; presentation of awards, r»Ir»ctor Den
man; s.iiire.<K, President Mark; "America," by
the auiilcr.ee.
Dancing: brought the evening to a close.
DIPLOMAS AWABDZD TO AXL.
rcrty-Four Pupils of Mission Gram
mar School Graduated.
TAa ninth grade pupils of the Mission
Grammar School graduated with appro
priate exercises yesterday afternoon. The
following programme was presented:
Remarks rj- Prwlient Charles Gunn; p!ano
rile. M: Mabel O'Connor; «mj, Mies Carrie
J'ur^ell; duet. Mifs Minnie Budd and Miss Nel
lie Van Curen; mandolin and guitar duet, John
and Henry I>resch*>r; piano duet. MIm Con
nante Schmlts and Leo Hillenbrand; piano
solo. M:s?s Schmltr.
Every pupil in the ninth grade was
graduated. Miss Sullivan, the teacher,
presented the diplomas amid great en
thusiasm. Mips Crowley made the pre
sentation of the medals.
The graduates are as follows:
L?o Hillenbrand. John Drescher. Carrie Man
ptls. Aima I^ran. Erneft Leeds, Annie Rom.
Harmon Fischer, Ethel- January, Artiy
!:s'hfr, Cora l^aederich. Jesrie Lett«. Agnes
« ¦onnclly. Carl Qucllmalz, Charles Gunn. Katie
SlcCullouph. Henabslle Nichols, Dora Mulling,
Ida Scfcmitt. Eliza Chalmers. Frank Brick
»-o/J«»l. Annte O'Connor, Anna Behulonan.
Charles Halt on. Ed W. Enselbrlfftu, Natalia
Clarke. B*>!1«" Taylor, Kriesia von Bulow. Ruth
A11«ti. Cnrj-ytal Ford. Jotwphfne Vnfried. Har
riet Love, Oliver Flahavan. Anna Barthold.
Irrr.e Anderson. Jennie Nalf*ko*ka. Helen
Campbell. Lizzie lYentir*. Frank Richter,
<)i-, rut- Omy. Emma Ki.«ch*r. Roth Ha.*kell.
A!l.:n Malrnberj:. Willie Newburper and Blaine
liexburch.
The pupils who received medals are L«eo
Hillenbrand. John Drescher. Carrie Man
pels and Alma Erran.
SFBIKG VALLEY GRADUATES.
Diplomas and Medals Are Awarded
to Deserving Pupils.
Tko members of the ninth grade of the
Fpring Valley Grammar School assembled
in the auditorium of the school yesterday
to receive their diplomas and medals. The
young: ladies were all charmingly gowned
in white and made a pretty picture as
they stood and voiced the song of wel-
Splendid Exercises in Which
Graduating Class Par
ticipates.
Parents Applaud While Bright Schol
ars Are Given the Just Reward
of 1 heir Excellent
DENMAN PUPILS
RECEIVE MEDALS
AND DIPLOMAS
The Day Parade Committee Will Ask
Every County to Participate
in the Grand Demon
stration.
At tho last session of the joint ninth of
September committee of the Native Sons
of the Golden West Charles H. Turner,
chairman of the naval parade committee,
was authorized to appoint seven persons
not members of the general committee,
six of whom should not be : members of
the order. Yesterday Mr. Turner made
the following appointments: John D.
Spreckels. who shall be commodore of the
naval parade; Captain N. T. James of the
Naval Militia; Captain William G. Leale,
chairman of the .fllot Commissioners; P.
H. Barber, the pioneer pilot and head of
the San Francisco Pilots; Allen M. Clay,
secretary of the Bank of California and
ex-coromoaore of the California Yacht
Club; and Al Pryor of the Piper-Aden-
Gcoaali company. The seventh is Ad
miral H. H. jjryaen, who was appointed
a few tiays since. '.These gentlemen will
lend their assistance to the committee to
the er.a that tne naval parade snail sur
pass any otncr display ot this nature ever
seen on can r ranciseu bay. .
At a meeting ui me o.uy parade commit
tee, heia at lue neauquariers in the Pal
ace Hotel, lieutenant Coionel Boxton,
chief oi staff, suggested that it would bt
a gooa iuea tor tu« dative aons to confer
a truiy caniornia name on the park on
Thineer.tn street, and that it should^ be
dedicaic-a bv them on tne ninth of bep
temcer. This committee will send invita
tions to omclals in every county in the
State to participate in the celebration.
Each county will be asKed to contribute
a float tor the parade. Major General
Shatter. will oe asKed to co-operate with
the Native Sons, and It was stated that
he would consent to do so. Hereafter tne
committee win meet every Wednesday.
Next week the conierence committee will
meet tne parade committee.
Otto Liming of OaKtano. sent word to
headquarters that he would furnish two
beautitully decorated carriages for the
parade and that he would use his influ
ence to have others do tr-.e same.
San Francisco Parlor will parade 100
strong on black horses and will be preced
ed by a band of twenty-live pieces. The
uniform will be black, with soft black
hats, the saddle clotns to be trimmed with
yellow. The men on horses will bo fol
lowed by a large float. Thomas T. Stack
has been appointed aid to the grand mar
shal from this parlor.
Mission Panor has sent in a request that
Del B. Bowley. one of its members, be ap
pointed a division marshal.
. National Parior win wear a uniform to
consist ot biack pantaloons, with a gold
stripe down the s:de. black shirt, soft
black hat and a yellow scarf. Each mem
ber will also wear a gold tie and a hand
some badge adorned with the srolden pop
py. On tne night of the 7th of September
this parlcr will give a grand reception at
the Terhau Tavern. .
Chairman Kerrigan of the ball commu
tes is of the opinion that the grand ball
should close the festivities and that at
that time the souvenir of the event shcuid
be distributed.
John D. Spreckels Chosen
for Commodore of the
Big Naval Event.
NATIVE SONS
WORKING FOR
THE JUBILEE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 1900.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
THOSE WHO ASPIRE TO BE
COME OFFICERS OF THE
NEXT GRAND GROVE.
""• - - ; \
In accordance with our policy of low
prices, we offer frort) this date to
everybody
Sheet Music at Half Price,
We have the best stock, in ths city
for you to select from. Call or send
orders to
The Zeno Mauvais Music Co,
769 M\r.K£T STREET.
/ge-^ts • ccRer A Son and PacRard Plonss.
Has no eaual for Its well defined purposes of
aiding the convalescent, the weak, the mother
in recovering health, utrenprth. appetite. Made
only by the Anheuser-Uusch Brewing Ass'n, St.
Louis, U. S. A. Sold by all druggists.
Platt's Chlorides as a Disinfectant
recommended as what every family needs*.Shipping Intelligence.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Nrx York Stock Market. I
KEW TOniC. June IL— It trouid be dlS3cult {
How to Tit a Shoe.
"People would find less difficulty In suit-
Ing themselves with ready- made shoes."
said an experienced shoemaker, "If thev
would stand up to have them fitted. Nine
persons out of ten require a particularly
comfortable chair when they are having
shoes tried on and lt Is difficult to make
them stand for a few minutes even when
the shoe Is fitted. Then, when they be
gin to walk about they are surprised
that the shoes are less comfortable than
they wore when first fitted. The reason
Is simple.
"The foot la smaller when- one sits in a
chair than lt is when one is walking
about. Exercise brings a considerable
quantity of blood to the feet, which ac
cordingly swell. The muscles also expand.
These facts must bo borne in mind when
one buys one's shoes, or discomfort and
disappointment are sure to be the result.
People who are not comfortable in ready
made shoes should have both feet meas
ured. The result will generally be the dis
covery that they have feet of different
sizes and therefore need specially made
shoes." — Washington Star.
HIDES AND SKINS— Cull3 and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10c: medium. Dc: light. SVic; Cowhides.
S%©0c: Stags. 7c: Salted Kip, SWc: Calf. 9^c;
Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands. He:
Dry Kip and Veal, lifc: Dry Calf, 17c; Sheep
skins. Shearlings. 20S30c each; short Wool. 35J}
COc each; medium. 70#!>0c: long Wool, $1®1 50
each: Korse Hides. $1 7SO2 for large and 75c@
fl 23 for small: Colts. 25@3Oc. Deerskins — Sum
mer, or red skins, 37^4@40c; fall or medium
skln3. ?!Hff?3oc; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
skins—Prime, Angoras. 75c; large and smooth.
We: medium, 35c 'vgSbrKi
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb: No. s.
3%c: refined. -6c: grease. 2%@3c. ¦
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 15@16c: Northern defective, 13
ffltc: Middle County, free,- 15©17c: Middle
County, defective. . 13ft l.'c: Southern Mountain.
12 months', J2tH3c; Southern Mountain, free.
7 months'. 11213c; Southern Mountain, defec-
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, June 14.— The market for wheat
opened strong. July %c to 114c over yesterday,
at 74HS"<%. This wan because of heavy rains
in the South ond Southwest and because early
reports showed that the Northwest during the
previous twenty-four hours had but little rain.
There was a big business done the first hour,
mainly between 73*i<gT74c. The crop reports
from the territory which has absorbed atten
tion recently were not materially changed from
their gloomy tenor. A reaction was started by
the Weather Bureau prediction of rains In
Minnesota and the Dakotas. Later Aberdeen.
S. D., wired that rain was- falling there.
Longs sold heavily, the Northwest following
the local lead, and July gradually declined to
72%c. The close was weak, July %c down, at
72M~!e.
Corn opened with a show of strength "which
subsequently it was unable to maintain. The
opening spurt was ¦ due largely- to the wheat
bulge. The reaction In the market, together
with favorable crop reports later, caused a
reaction and the close was easy. July closed
',4c lower, at 3S&.
Oats wera strong and fairly active, although
the trade was not larze. • There seemed to be
eotno fear of a squeeze In July, and this, com-
Chicago Grain Market.
Chicnso improved at the opening-, but fell
back on realizing:, and predicted showers In
the Northwest. , Holders sold freely. North
west advices gave half a crop there as the
very best estimate. Corn was firm.
The local market was unchanged and feature-
Spot Wheat — Shipping, S5@36Vic: milling.
97^(3$1.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 0:l. r i o'clock— December—
lG.OCiO ctls. %l 03',£:.SO00. »l 03%. .
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, *1 03',4;
20,000, $1 03'.;. j
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000
ctls, II 03U.
Afternoon Session— December— 4C00 ctls,
$1 0C%. . *
BARLEY — Dealers report a very dull and un
satisfactory market, with concessions neces
sary to effect sales.
Feed, C7y.^70c lor No. 1 and C2'/&<ff65c for off
grades: Hre wins and shipping grades. 750SOc;
Chevalier, nominal. .
CALL BOARD SALES. y
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— No pales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales. •
• OATS — Fair sales are being made at steady,
prices, and offerings are > considerably reduced.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris were quiet.
Broomhall reported drought In the Odessa dis
trict, but favorable. crop reports were received
from Central Russia. The spring wheat is
still backward, but the weather Is fine t and
rt ports nre Improving.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchanse, sixty days — |4 ZZV,
Sterling Exchnnge, sight — 4 fwsv;
Sterling Cables — 4 83
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 12V4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 6O',i
Mexican Dollars 4S',4 ta
GRAYS IIARBOH-Arrlved June 13-bcnr uea
Banninz. from Kallua.
EUREKA — Arrived June 14— Schr Serena
Thaycr. hence June 3. -
Sailed June J4— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
ciscc: schr Chas E Falk. for San Francisco.
IVERSENS LANDING— Sailed June 1J— Schr
Ocean Ssrav. tor San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed June 1Z—V S Itmr Path
finder for Nome.
Arrived- June 14— Stmr City of Topeka. from
S skilST June 13-Stmr Mackinaw, for San
F no\VEXS LANDING— Arrived June 14— Sohr
¦R*»r»rt*.r HrothtT?,. henc? June 13.
MENDOCINO^Sailed Ju.,e 14-Stxnr Point
Arena for San Francisco.
WTORI \-Arrived June 14-Stmr State of
California." hfnee June 12; V S st^r Adams.
fl Saile^ I 3unc"i+^liktn Addenda, for San Fran-
C 'po"PT BLAKELET— Arrived June l*—r.kta
National City, for Saa
Francisco. FORKIGN - po nTS .
NEWCASTLE. A us— Sailed June 1J— Dark Sea
vin<r for Pan Francisco.
VXNAIMO-Salled June 13-Er stmr Robert
12-Br .tmr
«lkh from Tacorna.
-PANAMA— Arrived June 2-Stmr Acapulco.
"rCNCOKN— Arrived June 13— Vr »hlj» Rcbjr,
5MA*stuA-Salled April 23-Schr Xokotnia. for
Port Townsend.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Sallcd June II— Stmr Colum
bia for Hamburg, via Plymouth and Cher
bourg; stmr La Uascosme. for Havre: stmr
Koenlsen Lulz. for Bremen, via Cherbourg.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Juno M— Stmr Ger
manic from Liverpool, for New York: stmr
Waesland from Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
VLADIVOSTOK— Arrived June 14— S;rr.r Sikh,
from Tncoma.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed June 14. 2:?> p m— Stmr
Maasdam. for New York, via Boulogne.
' » » » K
DOMESTIC PORTS
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. June 14— Er ship Ancerona. from
Tacoma. at Alg-a Bay. reports struck an un
known object oft Recife. Makes no water.
POINT LOCOS. June 11. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind south, velocity 12 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Thursday, Juna 14.
Stmr Matteawan. Croscup, Taconia.
Stmr Whltesboro. Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr Navarro. Jensen. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Westport. Ericsson. Bear Harbor.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. Cajpar.
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs. Rock^ort.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Fllmer, Hongkonf,
etc.
Tug Sea Lion. Jfanter? Port Townsend.
Bark Roderick Dhu. Johnson. Hllo.
Bkta Araso. Perry. Grays Harbor. In tow of
tu" Sea Lion.
ttktn meaner. Peck, Wlllapa Harbor, la tow
of tu; Sea Lion.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Fcrt Ross.
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen. Bihler3 Point.
Schr Ralph J Long, tsiskeit. .
Schr II C Wright, r>i 3 en. Cape Nome.
Schr Archie and Fontie. Johanr.sen. Flsks
Mill
* Barge Santa Paula. Nielsen. San Pedro, la
tow of tus Rescue.
SAILED.
Thursday, June 14.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria, etc;
Gocdall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, Saa Diego; Goo Jail.
Perkins & Co.
Jap stmr Hongk«:ff Maru. Kilmer. Honolulu.
Yokohama and Hongkong; W T Avery.
Br ship Oranasta, Grelg, Queenstown; Eppla
cer & Co.
Bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson, Hllo; J D
Spreckels & Broa Co.
Thursday. Juna 14.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. 21 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 63 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 42 hours.
Stmr Xavarro. Jensen. 40 hours from Port
Los Anseles.
Stmr North Fork. McLellan, 23 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Bor.lta. Xicolsoa. 73 hours from New
*" lS) " 6tC - CLEARED.
ARRIVED.
TO ARRIVE
CORN— Snot American mixed new. steady.
3s lOVid. Futures, quiet; July. 3s 10?4d; Sep
tember, Ts ll^id.
WHEAT — Spot firm; No. 1 Northern spring,
firm. 6p; No. 1 California, 6a 2dfi«s 3d. Fu
tures, quiet: July. 5s ll^d; September, 5s ll%d;
Dr-cpmher, nominal.
LIVERPOOL. June 14.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California, 6a 2d(3<s 2Hd; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uulands. 5 1-lCd.
CLOSING.
lyDNDON. June 14.— Consols. 101 11-16; silver,
27 11-lfid; French rentes. lOlf 22%c; wheat car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 stand
ard California, 23s 3d:. Walla Walla. 20s 4',id:
Enp-Ilsh country markets, firm.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, June 14. — Wheat weak and prices
Me lower. Bluestem, 55%c; club, 53%c.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND, June 14.— Walla Walla wheat
is still quoted at 64c, a 2c drop In Chicago hav
ing no more effect hero than had the 2c rise
of the day previous. Valley Is easy at 53@34c
and blueetem nt 564f57c.
Cleared — Bark East Africa for Queenstown,
with 103.S6S bushels wheat.
Foreisn wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 210,731 bushels.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. June 14.— Clearings, $121,679;
balances. 141,637.
Portland's Business.
LONDON, June 14.— A sale of sheepskins was
held at the # Wool Exchange to-day and the
offerings numbered 3142 bales. There was an
average "attendance present, but competition
was very unsatisfactory and resulted In large
sales. The result of sales showed an average
decline of 10 per cent, with Australian merinos
selling >id to 94d and crcssbred >4d to %d
lower. New Zealand crossbreds were well
competed for at a farthing decline.
Sale of Sheepskins at London.
SHEEP— Receipts, POCO; sheep, good to choice,
10c higher; lambs generally steady: good to
choice wethers, U 73'3 1 5 40; fair to choice mixed,
$3 7Vf»r.; Western sheep. $4 G5Tj5 23; yearlings,
$5 50*36; native lambs, $3<ST6 73; Western lambs,
JCS6 75; spring lambs, *5;g7 10.
5 07%; good to choice heavy, sr.jij 07%: rough
heavy, J4 S5(i?4 95; ¦ light, J4 90@5 07%; bulk of
sales. $3@5 02%. '
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 29.000; to-morrow.
23.000, estimated; left over, 65C0; mostly 6<gl0e
lower: top, J3 07V|: mixed and butchers, $4 95®
CHICAGO, June 14.— CATTLE— Receipts, 11.
000; steers averaged 10c lower than yesterday's
average prices; butchers' stock active and
steady. Natives— Best on sale to-day, three
carloads Western, $3 63; good to prime steers,
$3 10<Sf5 75; poor to medium, ?4 50@5; selected
feeders, slow. $4 25@4 90; mixed stockers, $3 43®
4; cows, $3<34 73; heifers, $3 25@4 25; canners,
$2 43(53; bulls, weak, J3'g ! 4 50; calves, steady,
J3@7. Texans— Receipts, 300; best on sale to
day, one carload at $3 35; Texas fed steers,
$4 65@5 33; ¦ Texas grass steers, $3 75@4 40;
Texas bulls, slow, J3 15*33 65.
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, June 14.— Plums-Climax. $4 12%
per single crate; Abundance. ?2.40; Red June,
$1 15g-2 35; Thlssell Japan, $2; Royal Hetlve.
S5c@U S5; Clyman, $Htl 70; Burbank, $1 10;
Yosabe. $1 02; St. Catherine. |l. Prunes—Sl
monl. $3 37H'(j'3 50 per single crate; Tragedy,
$1 50'£f3. Peaches — Alexander. 73c(Li$l 25 per box;
Hale's Early, fl 05. Apricots— Royals. 55c©
?1 25; arrived ripe. Cherries— Royal Anne. 35c!<i»
$1 30; Tartarlans. 15c® $1; Republican. 60&Wc;
other varieties. 13&75c. Cherries arriving in
poor condition.
CHICAGO, June 14.— Apricots — Moorpark,
single crates. $1 lStJl 20, average $1 13; Royal,
?1 15(ffl 25, average $1 19. Peaches— Alexander,
95c<g>n 30. average Jl 24; Triumph. $1 65; St.
John. 51 70. Plums— Clyman. single crates, S0c@
Jl 25, average $1 20; Abundance, average $1 77:
Burbank, average $1 77. Prunes — Tragedy, sin-
Cle crates, $2 32.
Porter Bros. Company's sales of California
fruit:
The Earl Fruit Company's sales of California
fruit:
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
100 Alpha Con 03 100 Mexican "1
200 Alta 04 10 Ophir 7s
100 Best & Belcher. 28 100 Overman IS
100 Con Cal & Va.l 55
AftirnouT Ee«.«if,n.
200 Alta C3 200 Mexican 2'
tOO Chollar 21 200 Ophir 77
200 Con Cal & Va.l 55 4C0 Yellow Jacket.. 14
Following were the s-jlos in the Pacinc Etcck
Exchange yesterday:
Hornus Se*.il >n.
200 Alpha Con Oif 300 Ophir 73
100 Challenge Con.. 14 2CO Ophir 7fl
.200 Con Cal & Va.l 55; 30ft Savage 18
300 Crown Point 0:« new t'avase 17
200 Gould & Curry. 13!
Afternoon Session.
200 Crown Point.... 03 500 Savage is
200 Gould & Curry- 14
MINING STOCKS,
THURSDAY. June 14 — I p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
AVpha 03 04'Justlce C6 OS
Alta 03 04JKentuck — 01
Andes 06 07: Lady Wash .... 02 03
Belcher 20 21 Mexican 21 22
Uest & Belcher. 28 29 Occidental 12 14
Bullion 01 ?2'Ophtr 79 76
Caledonia 1 10 1 20 1 Overman 17 IS
Chollar 21 22iPoto«l 2<> 21
Challenge Con.. 13 14'Savage 17 IS
Confidence 67 70 'Scorpion — Cl
Con Cal & Va..l 53 1 60 Se* Belcher .... 01 01
Con Imperial... — OliSierra Nevada. 23 31
Con New York. — 02 Silver Hill 3S 40
Eureka Con .... — &O,Pt Louis — 12
Crown Point 03 10'Standard — 4 iO
Exchequer 01 02. Syndicate — 08
Gould & Curry. 13 15|Knlon Con ..... 21 22
Hale & Norc. 23 23 • Utah 14 15
Julia 01 02 Yellow Jacket. 14 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Morning Session.
Board—
30 National O & D Co 6 10
1W National O & D Co 8 20
100 San Joaquln 3 00
110 San Joaquln I *>
Afternoon Session.
Board—
SOO Home Oil 4 55
100 Home Oil, b 30 4 60
Street —
ISO Home Oil. b 30 4 M
Morninr Session.
Board—
Wo Equitable Gas 3 23
GO Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 5>>
$1000 Los Angeles Railway 5s 105 00
100 Makaweli Sugar Co 47 t2Y a
13 Pacific Coast Borax 147 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 37^
100 S F Gas & Electric Co b 3 47 50
E0SP Gas & Electric Co 47 50
Street—
100 Kilauea Sugar P Co 20 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Alaska Packers" Association 117 50
10 Alaska Packers' Association 117 62^-4
10 Contra Costa Water 68 60
20 Giant Powder Con 87 25
50 Hana Plantation Co. cash 8 37%
• to Hutchlnson S P Co 23 75
10 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co... 20 50
32 Makawell Sugar Co 47 62%
Street— < .-•;• ;.
$4000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 119 CO
33 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 50
$0000 Spring Valley 6s 115 25
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. June 14-2 o. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Ask
4s quar coup.. USHllS'i Mutual El Co. 9»i 11
4s do reg 1MHU4%|O O L & H.... 47 47H
4s do cs new..l34%135 IPac L Co 43 4414
4s do coup — 10-j loy*4|Pac Gas Imp.. 45% 4414
Miscellaneous — S KG & E 47H 47*»
•Cal-st Cab 5s.. 119 — San Francisco. 4U 4 1 *
C C Water Es.1094 — Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Ed I* & P 63..12-S4 — Insurance —
F & Cl Ry 6s. .116 — Flrems Fund.22S^ —
Geary-st R is. — 93 Bank Stocks—
H C & S 5>is. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63 67
Do 0s — 106 Kank of Cal... — —
L A Ry 5s.... 104^1001,; Cal S D & T.105 —
L A Lt Co 6s. — — First Natianl. — 290
Do gntd 6s.. — — Lon P & A.... 132 —
L A gntd 5s. ..100 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A P It R Ss.lO'.'Vi — fNev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st 6s.. .128 — Savings Banks—
' Do 1st M 5s.llS% — Ger S & L....1S30 —
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Hum S & L.. — —
N P. of Cal 63.113'/4H7 Mut Sav Bk.. 45 — ,
Do os — 118 S F Sar U 505 —
N P C II R 6s. 101 — JSav & L So.... 74 7S
Do os .... — 103 Sec Sav Bk — —
N Cal R R 6s.Hl — Union T Co.... — —
Oak G L&Hos.lll — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6s..ll$V412O Callrornia 122^ —
Oak W Co 5s.. — — Geary-st 60 —
Oceanic S 5s. .105 107% Market-st Ry. — 63%
Om C Ry 6s. .123 — O S L & H... 45 60
P & Cl Ity 6s.lO4V4 — Presidio 15 21
P & O R R 6s. 113 — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 6s. 120 — California 160 170
Sac L & GR5s. — — Giant Con Co.. 87 87%
S F & 6JV os.lWilTOVi Vlgorit 2T» 3
S Ry of Cal 6s.llHi — Sugar Stocks—
S P of A 6s.. .11454ll«i Hana S P Co. 8 8H
Do (1905) 110 HOvi Haw C & S Co — —
Do (1906) 111^113 Hcmokaa S Co 33U 33H
Do (1912) 119 122'/i Hutch S P Co. 25% —
S P Br 6s. ...130 — Kilauea S Co. 20^,— .
S V Water 6s. .113 115'4 Makawell S Co 47^i 43
Do 4s — 103Vi Or.omea S Co. 27>4 28
Do 3d mtg..'.1019al01H Paauhau S Co. 31& 31^4
Etocktn Gas 6s 99 — Miscellaneous —
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn.ll7*in7H
Contra Costa.. 63 63H Cal Fruit Asn. 37% 99^
Marln County. V) — Mer Ex Assn.. — 1C0
Spring Valley. 95H 95*4 Oceanic S Co.. 92H 9*
Gas & Electric — Pao A F A 2 —
Cent O L Co.. — — Pac C Bar CO.147H —
Equit G L Co. 3»i 3% Par Paint Co.. 10 —
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The Hutchlnson Plantation Company has de
clared the usual monthly dividend of 25 cents,
payable to-day.
The Oakland Gas Company will pay a divi
dend of 25 cents to-day.
The Pacific and Sunset Telephone companies
will pay the usual monthly dividends to-day.
Local stocks and bonds continued neglected
on the morning session and prices showed no
noteworthy changes.
In the afternoon Contra Costa Water sold
down to JS3 50.
The oil stocks continued dull and featureless.
LIVERPOOL. ¦
Wheat— July. Bept.
Opening C ll^i 6 1U4
Closing 5 Ills 5 11%
PARIS.
Wheat— June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 45 21 90
Closing ;o 65 23 00
Flour-
Opening 27 50 2S S3
Closing 27 65 2S 90
* __*
Weather Report
optical jrr»o<2i5. 3 cs machinery.
For New 7>aland— 7 cs books. 16 cs mining
poods, 1% r^S* machinery, 1j <b bicycle eun
cries, 2 mules, 5 <¦• hardware.
For Honolulu— 5 r.k£s machinery. 1 lot Bcen
ery, li cs miscellaneous merchandise.
\tjfet hA$Vt\am\ msnlfe?t has been reported for
.thff :Ete3'rrH?r 'Mariposa. which sailed Wednes
day, .for. Australia, valued at follows: Kor
I.J/£n<-(liJ'lu.~:?J«l: for Australia, $J6.Ci7; for New
ZflL&IaritV. J"r35; for South S^a Islands, $55; total
¦va.l-ue. .•t2i,3ux; The principal shipments were
: e follows:
•' For Australia— 20C3 doors, 1043 Tbs hops, COS
cf' mr-tKl polish. 5 cs Jewelry. 5 horses, 2 cs
Additional Cargo.
For East In-lles— 11.14 cs canned Falmon. 236
cs canned fruit, 11 cs canned vegetables. 6
ct dried frulte. 14 jjkg-s phonograph Kood3, 6
pkgs electric K<x-.ds. •
Ker Vladivostok — 4 cs scales, 10S cs ma
chinery'. 3 i kgs assaying eu^ds. 2 cs house
bold goods. . ' ¦
For Siam—S cr disinfectant, C3 pl:e» groceries,
<0 cs canr.«;d balmon.
oil. 20Co Its broad. U3S n>s coffee. 4S cs canned
f:oods, 14TO bal*»s cotton domestic. 50 cs canned
meats, "il ors bicycles. 10 osks printing Ink, lu
cs eornstarch. 33 *-s canned vegetables, 5 roils
leather. 100 kogw sauerkraut. 703 pkgs bottles.
lfi.CfiO gals beer. 24.<*jO Tb» tobacco. 10 pltgs
fledges. 10G.O*S ft lumber. In transit — 2(i c«
dried f.sh. valued at $137.
For Jajwn— 43 bales hose, 536 pkgs groceries,
Zj cs canned gouis, 7 bxs lemons, 2SS pkgs
leather. C'd g-als wine. VZ bbls oak extract. 10
I .:: • raisins. 154 bxs soap. 750 lbs 4 cs cheese,
16 cs druirs. € cs mllistuffs. 29 cs canned fruit.
13 ce dried fruit. 21 cs typewriters, 12 cs dried
abalone, 410 kegs nails, IS pkgs pumps and
fixtures, 12 pkfrs p'.pe, 5 fcbls Fait meat, 37 pkgs
household poods, 31 cs canned vegetables. 44
l>kgs machinery. 4 ce Jewelry. 15 cs printing
material. S cr bicycles. 5 cs bicycle sundries.
k6 cr wheels. 11.497 Ka's alcohol. 76 pkgs elec
trical supplies, fcC3 bdls wire ehorts, 41 pkgs
tools.
For Manila— COCO rals bottled b»er, 18 pkgs
T'ipc. S cs pap^r, Cl cm stationery, 3CG cs canned
(roods. 144 bbls sauerkraut, DCO cs whisky. 332
jrais 50 cs bla^kbt-rry brandy, 25 cs ham, r.O
cs oil. 10 bbls floor, 1201 lbs hops. 135 cs canned
mea'E. £0 cs CS gals whisky, 1C0 cs lard. 2C0
|.kgs crocf.rifs and provisions. 3000 Tbs bread,
10 ; «;; ' dri*-<i fruit, 32 cs canned fruit. CO cs
canned Milraon, CO c» bottles. 6 rolls leather.
S cr desks.
The Japanese steamer Hongkong Maru
cleared yesterday for China and Japan with a
general carpo valued ae follows:
For China, JIC'2,071; for Japan, J66.371: for
Manila, STi.r^4; for Piam. $."10; for East Indies,
J74SJ; for Vladivostok, J12.SES. Among the prin
cipal shipments v.ere the following:
for China— :6 pkjrs salt fish. 5 cs photogTaph
fjprilies, 178 c» canned fruit. 7 cs stationery,
IZi lbs cheese. 23 sks sea weed. 23 bbls fungus.
SCuO Its Pearl barley. 179 p.kgs dried fish. 80
pkgs dried fruit. 1T.Z pals wine. IiTS pkps gro
ceries and provisions. 13.027 bbls flour. 61 bbls
Cargo for Japan and China.
"Prunes still continue to pass Into consump
tion in this country at a pood rate, mostly In
Fir.all lets, and sales of them to European
houses are being made ripht along. Evapo
rated prime apples are in good demand at SVjc.
while waste and chor» practically are not
wanted by any one. Future apples continue
very weak. Dried pears are in Eome demand
Bt a low figure. Currants are much firmer.
Nuts are very quiet."
"California is gradually making a wider
channel for Its fruit In Europe, especially !n
England. Great Britain, with it* population
cf 4S,00f.',O00 souls, is the most promising mar
kot for all crops which California produces.
There Is no other country In the world where
to much wealth Is concentrated within so small
a compass. The English i>eople sjxfnd a vast
amount cf money for food and drink, and In
no other European country do orchard products
bring iuch good prices. The English people
at present !!ve differently than the population
of forty years ago. At that time th<? peopl«
almost entirely subsisted ur«>n gTain products,
potatoes, meat and fish, with what llttl«> fruit
of their own growth they could have in season.
It la different now. Even the humblest work
lnpman expects fruit of some kind upon his
table, and he looks principally to America for
his supply. The English people are fond of
prunes, and will buy them at ar.y reasonable
price. It Is now recognized that the flavor,
body and saccharine composition of California
fruit ie greater than in the fruit grown in
Trance. Spain or Italy. California oranpes are
reserved for the wealthy because of the high
prices rullrp."
The s- a me Journal thus reports the New York
dried fruit market as follows:
The New Tork Commercial gives the follow
ing highly encouraging outlook fcr California
fruits !n England:
California Fruit in England.
Yesterday the Hawaiian Islands formally be
came eubject to the navigation laws of tha
L'r.lted States, hence hereafter no foreign ves
sels will Le allowed to ply between Hawaiian
end United States porta. Accordingly oil ex
ports and Imports between the two countries
will come under the head of domestic com
merce. I -
The experts from this port to the Islands
*lnce January 1 amount to J5.7C6.146, against
J4,0i3,546 for the same time last year.
Foreign Commerce No Longer.
The British chip OrantFia cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with S2.D30 ctl»
wheat, valued at SM.21S, and 15.000 ft lumber
dunnage valued at $225; total value, J5),443.
Wheat Shipment.
Th» Hongkong Ks.ru took out & trearure list
of K92.900, consisting of J13S.CC0 In Mexican dol
lars and ;::*. :-.-.¦ In silver bullion.
Treasure Shipment.
I to r.nd a salient point In to-day's stock market
on which to hang an intelligent opinion of the
conditions and the prospects. Trading was a
step nearer to the point of absolute stagna
tion and the movement of prices throughout
showed doubt and hesitation Just as It
has for some time past. Prices are lower on
the day. but the losses serve as little to carry
conviction of the underlying easiness of the
market as did yesterday's gains of any
strength. Certainly there was no heavy llqui
! datlon or pressing upon the market to-day.
Sales were quite inappreciable which were
made for any other cccount than that of email
rc-om traders, who would eagerly close a con
tract If they saw p. profit of or % In the
', change of price. The dullness became so por
tentous that the bear traders began to divine
all sorts of damaging possibilities, the best
defined of which was an impending commercial
1 failure, amounting up into an indefinite num
ber of millions. Diligent inquiry on the trail
of this rumor led into bucket-shops, where the
trail was lo«=t. The foreign stock markets were
j In the same condition as the New York mar
: ket as to dullness of the speculative interest.
; but showed some flrmncf! in the reduction of
th-? 1'ank of England discount rate. Private
discount ratt»s in London went lower and the
hardening at the rate in Berlin nnd further
easing of st>-rling rates both in Paris and Berlin
seemed without effect upon the London money
markt-t, which Is apparently reconciled to sur
rendering some of its (supply of gold to Paris.
The Bank of France showed a further reduc
tion of iis note Ipsu^ and a further contrac- ;
tion of its loans for the week, notwithstanding
a further increase in Its gold supplies of over
$*00.(-00. The demand for time money In New
York for the longer periods up to seven and
eight months was distinctly greater. The pup
ply to meet the demand was apparently ample.
The sub-treasury statement showed a gain for
yesterday of $3,T"S.«".i>i. as a result of the pay
meata for the gold bars which were exported |
on to-day's steamer to France. Apparently the j
banks have not made any remittance to the
Government Institution as yet In response to
the call of the Treasury Department for $3.
(•(•O.OOO for Government deposits. Money Is still
moving in large volume from the interior to
New York and unless the taking up of the
<Jovernmer.t deposits is to figure in the Satur
day bank statement the cash changes for the
week are likely to be email.
There were only slight changes In the prices
of iM.mdfi on a very small volume of business.
Totai naies. par value, $^20,000.
UnltM states bonds were unchanged In bid
quotation*.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
140 Atchison •..».*.•••••••••••{•••.. 234^
7.2C5 Atchison prefd "1*1,
S.OCO Baltimore & Ohio 77 T 4
Canadian Pacific P3?i
100 Canada Southern 61
S99 Chesapeake & Ohio 26H
1.S0O Chicago Great Western ,.. lO^
t,S50 Chicago Burlington & Qulney 12S^i
200 Chicago Ind & Louisville 20> a
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd El
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 95
230 Chicago & Northwestern 139
2.410 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 10G%
100 C C C & Et Louis 5S
Colorado Southern 6 l 4,
200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41'i i
200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 1S^»
100 Delaware & Hudson 112 I
E30 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 173*4 j
200 Denver & Rio Grande 17>a
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 67
150 Krie UV.
520 Erie 1st prefd 34%
7'X> Great Northern prafd 134 l i
Hocking Coal 13'j I
Hocking Valley 33 j
Illinois Central Ill*; I
100 Iowa Central 17^4
Iowa Central preffl 45
Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 16U
1.700 Lake Erie & Western 2J*i
Lake Krle <fc Western prefd 95
Lake Shore 212 I
2.&'0 Louis vi'.le & Nash\Mlle 77«-i j
1.150 Manhattan Elevated 90V k I
700 Metropolitan Street Railway 154H
Mexican Central 12
2,200 Minneapolis & St Louis 56
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 92
COO Missouri Pacific 61*4
Mobile & Ohio 35
Missouri Kan. as & Texas 10>j
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 32U
EC* New Jersey Central 121H
2C0 New York Central 12D>4
1.600 Norfolk & Western 83^ j
1,3'fl Norfolk & Western prefd 78 i
10,570 Northern Pacific iti\
275 Northern Pacific prefd 73^
Ontario & Western 20>4
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
5.000 Pennsylvania 123
Reading 17»4
E.400 Reading 1st profd B8*«
_ Heading 2.1 prefd 23
Itio Graml» Western C6
Rio Grande Western prefd 87%
St Lnuls & San Fran 9%
gt Louis & Pan Fran 1st prefd 63
St Ix)uis & San Fran 2d prefd 33
100 St Ix>uis Southwestern 9U
• 2"/0 fc't Louis Southwestern prefd 24
C.C47 St Paul 114V* I
St Paul prefd 171
St Paul & Omaha IIS
2.r.i/> Southern Pacific , 32-'<4
LOO Southern Hallway 1114
1.K0 Southern Railway prefd E.2 1 ,
Texas & Pacific : lJ'i
4.72r> Vnion Pacific t,?X i
1.110 1'r.iin Pacific prefd 73> t !
Wabash 7% I
SfO YTabash prefd 13?4
W<0 Wheeling & Lake Erie S 1^
2.r.C0 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 22^,
200 Wisconsin Central 14%
Express Companies—
Adams 117
American 153
T'nitrd States 43
W<:i.<! Fargo 120
MlFoollnneoU!*—
American Cotton Oil ZZYz |
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
American Halting ' 3
American Malting pr^Id 20
American Smelting & Ref KStf
American Smelling & Ref prefd 89%'
A rr.erir-an Spirits 2',i
American Spirits prefd.: '. 17
1.1IVI American Stefl Hoop 19Vi
COO An~>ricnn Steel Hoop prefd 70
2 ; 7r.1 American Bteel & Wire 34
370 American Ptoel & Wire prefd 74
1C0 American Tin Plate 21',i
American Tin Plate prefd 73
1.74 1 ) American Tobacco 90
American Tobacco prefd lm
470 Anaconda Mining Co 40
2.S3O Brooklyn Rapid Transit CS% i
23-T Colorado Fuel & Iron r.2*4 I
200 Continental Tobacco 23?4 I
j.C-Vi Continental Tobacco prefd 79V. j
2. COO Federal Stool 32'.!,
Federal Steel prefd , C5
2C0 General Tlectrle, ex div : 132
Glucose Sugar 47
GIucofo SCugar prefd 9S
1.S10 International Paper 23*4
ifO International Paper prefd fi7VV
1W) Laclede Gas 73 "
410 Xaticr.nl Biscuit 2S%
National Ulscult prefd 70W
National I/^ai 19
lf« National L«>a<l prefd «).%
CM National Steel 7714
473 National Stoel prefd Rfi^
Nov.- York Air Brake ; 126
1,330 North American 15^
COO Pacific Coast r>0
Pacific Coast 1st prefd fL.t
Pacific Coast 2<i prt-fd CO
2C0 Pacific Mall 26
S.C"'O People's Gas 9r)j;
7D0 Pressed Steel Car <:•
TV-srcd f?teol Car prefd "6
Pullman Palace Car ISO
Standard Rope & Twine... 5
21,ff>0 Sugar 116%
l^i Fusar prefd H4
2.2V) TrnrtPfiseo Conl & Iron C7^
I.CIO Vnit<vl States Leather gu
1,000 United States T^nthcr prefd CS-H
200 United States Rubber 25
1'nltf-d States Rubber prefd 9314
1.215 Western Union 79^
27) Republic Iron & Steel io=i
, 275 Republic Iron & Steel prefd f,r,T4
P C C & St Louis ECU
10O Third Avenue ....1CS : ,4
155.000 Shares <»r.M.
CLOSING BONDS.
V S U refd reg M K & T 2ds 6714
(when issued).... 103 ' Do <a 91
Do coup 1C3V4 N Y Cent lats lll'i
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the leit
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence a* to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs^ The heights
given are In addltlsn to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes tha heiarht.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by tha charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low wnt»rn.
Sun rises 4:47
Sun sets 7:33
I Moon sets 9:34 r>. m.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creamery, 14@lS»£c: dairy,
13<&16Hc Cheese, 8H@8%c. Eggs, easy; fresh,
FRIDAY. JUNE 13.
United States Coa#t and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of Hizh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front tMlssion-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the helzht of tide is the same at both places.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs quieter.
Poultry market icr// cleaned up and fairly steady.
Canners buying Plums and Apricots in the local market.
Dried Fniit as previously quoted.
Nothing new in Provisions .
Silver advanced a fraction. Exchange as before.
Wheat and Barley quiet and easy. *
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Shipment of $292,900 to China.
Sudden advance of 50c per ton in Hay. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans and Seeds as previously quoted. .
Potatoes and Onions casv.
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, CaL.
June 14. 1200.
The time ball did not drop to-day. Acci
dental fault with the mechanism.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
NEW YORIC. June 14.— All of the iron mar
kets were very weak owing to the enormous
Mllinfr pressure. Pis Iron warrants In the
local market declined some 50 points, closing
very weak and nominally on the basis of $14 50;
Northern No. 1 foundry was quoted at $19 and
No. 2 at $1S. Lake copper ruled dull and un
changed at $16 50. Tin ruled quiet, but about
steady on better cables from London: the clc>3e,
however, wns dull at $3 37V4. nominal. Spelter
was weak nnd decidedly lower under an ab
sence of buyers, closing weak at $4 22Vi'iji 27ty.
Lead was unsettled at $3 72%®3 77%. The
brokers' price for lead was $3 60 and for cop
per $JC 50. - . r
Nezv York Metal Market.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4 1 45T')c; prime. O^ftCc; choice. 6»i@7c; fancy.
7',tftSc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-3^@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 12%(gl4c; Moorpark, 15
QlSc.
PEACHES— Peeled. 16@20c; unpeeled. 6®3c.
Buying orders were conspicuous by their ab
sence In the market for evaporated apples
again to-day. The undertona continues weak,
but as sellers don't seem anxious to unload
prices were not materially reduced. California
dried fruits were Inactive and nominal.
DRIED FRUITS
EGOS — Receipts. 12,ii43 packages; irregular;
Western, loss off, 13',i@14c; Western, at mark,
10@13',£c.
SUGAR— Raw. Ftronp. Refined, strong; No.
C. 5.20c; No. 7. 6.73c: No. 8. 5.10c; No. 9. 5.0."c;
No. 10. 5.00c: No. 11, 4.9."c; No. 12. 4.90c: No.
13. 4.00c; No. 14. 4.90c: (standard A. 5.00c; con
fectioners' A, 6.50c: mold A, 5.33c; cut loaf,
6.10c; crushed. 6.10c; powdered, 5.80c; granu
lated. 5.70c; cubes. 5.83c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 7164 packages; steady;
creamery, extra«. 15H<519c; factory, 14@l9}io.
NEW YORK. June 14.-FLOUR— Receipts.
15,633; exporta, 17.33G; shade easier, with the
decline In wheat but not quotably lower.
WHEAT— Receipts. 46.250; exports, 50.291;
spot, easy; No. 2 red. R3',4c f. o. b. afloat spot;
No. 2 red, 80VgC elevator; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, SOHc f. o. b. afloat prompt: No. 1 hard
Duluth. SIHc t. o. b. afloat prompt. Options
opened strong and advajiced with a rush on
heavy covering. Inspired by the early weather
news. In the midst of the upturn, however,
predictions of showeis appeared and completely
undermined the market, causing a full loss of
the early Improvement. Active realizing by
important 'Western Interests also weakened the
late market; closed weak at *»ifil4c net decline;
July, 77@7S%c. closed at 77V»c; September, "Sii®
79%c, closed at 7SUc.
COFFEE— The market for futures closed firm
at net unchanged prices to 5 points higher;
total sales. 15,fi00 baps. Including July at $7 30@
7 35; August, $7 40; September. $7 3307 40; Oc
tober. J7 33; November, $7 3i>(f?7 45; December,
$7 50; January. $7 55(f/7 65: March, J7 65. Spot
Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice, b%c; mild, quiet;
Cordova. 9Vi<313',4c.
CLOSING.
Atchlson, 26%: Canadian Pacific, 9G*i: Union
Pacific preferred, 75>4; Northern Pacific, 76:
Grand Trunk, 7; Anaconda, $%: Rand mines,
40&- Bar Ellver, steady, 27 5-16d per ounce.
NEW YORK, June 14.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London flnanci.il cablegram says:
Business was very idle in the markets here
to-day, but the tone was firm. Investment
stocks Improving on the reduction of the bank
rate. Americans opened firm. Northern Pa
cifies being the feature on good buying, but
New York sold and the close was dull. North
ern Pacifies being weak at the end on selling,
attributed here to dividend reports. Tlntos and
Anacondas hardened on the rise of 10 shillings
in metal. Call m.oney was easy. The Bank
of England sold £75,000 gold In French coin
and lost £9000 to Bombay. The selling price
of French coin was reduced 1 penny.
London Market.
WASHINGTON. June 14.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances of the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the divison of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $147,478,711; gold, $72,335,585.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. June 14.— Money on call, easy
at 1!;'52 per cetit; last loan, l*i per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3H®! 1 * per cent. Sterling
exchange, steady, with actual business in
bankers' Mils at $< S7*»*j4 S7'i for demand, and
lit $4 S»"ii??4 S3 for sixty days. Posted rates.
$4 S r >»i and $4 SSU. Commercial bills. $4 S4f£
4 M 1 *;. Silver certificates, 60<@,61c. Bar silver,
fiOVic Mexican dollars, 47Vic. Government
bonds, steady; State bonds, inactive; railroad
bonds, steady.
A T (rzv York Money Market.
Do prefd 71% N E G & Coke 6s.. 65
Amer Sugar 116 Mining Shares-
Do prefd 114 Adventure 3Vi
Bell Tel 300 Allouez Mng Co... 1
Boston & Albany. .240 Amal Copper S6',i
Boston Elevated... 1S8 Atlantic 22
Boston & Maine... 191 Boston & Mont....29J
Chi Bur & Q 126% Butte & Boston.... 64
Dom Coal 39M. Calumet & Hecla..727
Do prefd lie- iCentennlal 16^4
Federal Steel .,... S2VUFranklln ". 12Vi
Do prefd 66*4 Humboldt 50
Fltchbursr prefd. ..135 Osceola 60
General Elec 133 Parrot 39VS
Mexican Cent 11TJ Qulncy 133
N E Gas & Coke.. 364 Santa Fe Copper... 4Vi
Old Colony 2C6 Tamarack ISO
Old Dominion lfi Utah Mining 25
Rubber 23 Winona i\t
MINING STOCKS.
Alamo 14 Louisville Con .... 68
Anaconda 35 Little Chief 16
Alice 40 Mexican 18
Adams Con lSlMouldon 30
Belcher lfiiOntarlo 7 00
Best. & Belcher.... 22|Ophir 1)
Burns Con 23 Occidental 10
Caledonia B II 60 Plymouth 10
Chrysolite 04 Phoenix G M Co... 70
Chollar 17 Potosl 15
Con Cal & Va 1 4<> Quicksilver 1 60
Deadwood EOiSavage 14
Eureka Con lalSierra Nevada 25
Gould & Curry 10'Standard 8 75
Hale & Norcross.. 23 j Union Con 15
Homestake 60 00 Yellow Jacket 15
Horn Silver 125|Isabella X 23
Iron Silver CO'Mollie Gibson 22
Lacrosse 14'Portl^hd 3 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pac 63V4
Call loans 237:3 West End 92^
Time loans 3#4 Westgh Elec 44
Stocks — Bonds —
Atch Tod & S F... 25% Atchison 4s 100&
TJ S 2s reg 100 N J Cent Ben 5s. .121?;
L' S 3s reg 103 Northern Pac 3s... CS'A
L S 3 3 coup 1C9 Do 4s 104%
U S new 4s reg....l3l%.N Y C & St L 4s. .106
U S new 4s coup..l34»i N & W con 4s 97?«
•U S old 43 reg H4',i Or Nav lsts 1C9
U S old 4s coup...ll3\; Do' 4s 102H
L S 5s reg nsvi Or Short Lino 6s..l27',s
V S 5s coup ii3Vi Do con 5s 113V 2
Dls of Col 3.65s.. ..123 Reading Gen 4s bS%
Atchison Gen 4s.. .101 R G W lsts 99
Do adj 4s 83^ st L & I M con 5s. 110%
Canada Sou 2ds....lOCy.;S L & S F Gen 6s. 125
Ches & Ohio 4Hs.. 99>/j St Paul Con 1704
Do 5s 116Vi St P C & P lsts.. .120
C & X con 7s ..141 Do 6s 120V4
Do S F Deb 5s...ll7U. Southern Pac 4s... 80
Chicago Term 4s.. frji /6 Southern Ry 6s... 111^
Colorado Sou 4s 86 Stand R & T 6s... 73
D & R O lots 102 Tex & Pac lats....H2»rJ
Do 4s „.. 99H Do 2ds 55
E T V & G lsts....lO3Vi Union Pac 4s 1C6»,£
Erie Gen 4s 7114 Wabash lsts.......H4Vt
F W & D C lsts... 70Vj J>o 101» 4
General Elec 6a. ...117% West Shore 4s Ill
Iowa Cent lsts 112 Wls Cent lsts 90
K C P & O lsts... 71Vi Va Centuries 92%
L & S Unl 4s 10 °*
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat. CSJj71e: No. 2 red.
?r.«.:.fi7Cc: No. 2 corn, 3S"(.fi33c; No. 2 yellow. 3J
tf'jN'ic; No. 2 oats, 22f?23'.ic; No. 2 white. 26@
iOUc; No. 3 white, 25<ii2Gc; good feeding barley.
31Q'3H4c; fair to choice malting, 40<543e; No. 1
flaxseed, il 80; Nr>. 1 Northwestern, $1 SO; prime
timothy seed, $2 40: mess pork, per barrel. $10 10
©11 23; lard, per 100 pounds, $G 35ti6 50; short
ribs sides (loose), $6 40(g6 70; dry salted should
ers (boxed). C l^<g6%c; short clear sides (boxed).
$7<g7 10; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 23;
clover, contract erade, $7 75©8.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
blned with some damage claims from Nebraska
and the Northwest, netted an advance. July
closed %c higher, at 22%©22%c. -
Provisions were again quite soft, lard suf
fering the most on heavy selling credited to the
packers. Trade was dull. July pork closed
W& under yesterday, at $11 22^; July lard, 6c to
7'ic lower, at $6 47H<S6 60, and July ribs 2V4c
down, at ?6 £2',4.
The leadlnt futures ranged as follows:
THURSDAY. Juno H.
Flour. <jr sk3 10.02 Potatoes, sks .... 2.520
Wheat, ctls 3.110 Middlings, sks ... JO
Barley, ctls 6.300 Bran, sks 1130
Oats, etls 1.640 Onions, sks 57C
Corn, ctls 20 Hay. tons 43t
Cheese, ctls 444 Wool, bales 56a
Butter, ctls 630 Pelts, bdls 336
Tallow, ctls 271 Hides. No 913
Eggs, doz 23.C20 Wine, gals 41.830
Sugar, bbls 705 Leather, rolls 23
Lime, bbls 273 Quicksilver, flaka. 89
Sugar, sks 2,5001
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 15.826 Potatoes, aks .... 6C6
Wheat. ctKi 2.390 Bran, iks 2.519
Oats, ctls 3,600 Wool, bales 159
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS— San Quenttn Bags. $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6Hc: Wool Bags. 2SV4©32iAc;
Fleece Twine. 7*4c.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; new Welling
ton. $S; Routhfield WeMlneton. $«: Seattle li:
Bryant. $C: Cocs Bay. $3 50; Wallsend. $S; Co
operative Wallsend. JS; Cumberland, $12 In bulk
and |i3 23 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite
E*e. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $16 per
ton In bulk and $18 in sacks; Castle Gate and
Rock Springs. $S 43 per 2000 pounds.
SUGAR— Prices are hleher. The Western Su
gar Refining Company quotes, per'lb. In 100-lb
batrs: Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed,
5.S0c; Powdered. 5.40c; Candy Granulated, 5.40c;
Dry Granulated, 5.30c; Confectioners' A. 5.30c;
Magnctla A. 4.90c; Extra C, 4.S0c; Golden C.
4.7oc; barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more
boxes. 5Cc more; 50-lb bag*. 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Domlnos, half-barrels, 6.05c; boxes, 6.30c per lb
General Merchandise.
Previous quotations rule for all descriptions.
BEEF— SHSSHc per lb for fair to chexce.
VEAL— Large. 8@9c: «mall, 9!u'JHc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7}ic; ewes. 6'4S7c per
pound.
LAME— Sprlngr. S%@9c; yearlings, 7%©Sc per
pound.
PORK— Live Hors. 6c for small. 5%S5 T 4c for
medium and 5>4©3»ic for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 5V4c ;. dressed Hogs, 7® 9c. T
tlve, 7 months', 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo
dno, 17@19c; Nevada, 14@17c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 6©llc per lb: new, 10c
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10©10%c per lb for
heavy, 10U@10'/5C fcr light medium. ll»ic for
light. 12Hc for extra light and UMc for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams, I2@13c;
Mesa Beef. J12 per bbl; extra Mess. $13: Family.
$14: extra Prime Pork. $13: extra clear. J13;
Mess. JIG 50; Smoked Beef. 12H@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and SVic for pure: halt-barrels, pure.
S^c: 10-lb tins. 9^c; 5-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. SH4IS%c per lb; half
barrels, S%@S;ic; 10-lb tins. 9Vic
There Is nothing new to report.
Provisions.
HONF.Y— Comb. 12UfH3c for bright and 110
12c for light amber; water white extracted, 7V4iJ
7%c: light amber extracted, CH.'Q'ic; dark, €a
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®2Sc i>er lb.
NUTS— Walnuts, SflPc for Standards and 9@
10c for softshells; Almonds, ll>4<512c for paper
shell. 9@10c for soft and 4J?5c for hardshell:
Peanuts.' 6?ilg6%c for Eastern and Cc for Califor
nia: . Brazil Nuts. "HWSc; F11b»rts. 12312itc;
Pecans' UH?13c; Cocoanuts. $4 60(JJ5.
DRIED FRUITS— Old crop— Prunes, in sacks.
4(34'ic for 40-50" s. 3'4if3%c for 50-60's. 3V403HC for
60-70's. 3<g3ViC for TO-SO's. 2%<?T3c for Js0-90"s and
2%<82%« * or 90-100' ¦• Poaches. 4V4®4%c for Stand
ards 'tC for choice and b\i«}6c for fancy; Peeled
Peaches 10fr/'12V4c; Evaporated Apples. 5H®6c
pun-dried. 3f?*c per lb; Pears. 3%f 44c for "dark
and 7<3*c fcr bright halves; Black Figs. I%{r2c-
White" Fles. 2^ 3c: Bleached Plums. 7*c; U^
bit-ached Plums, 6c for pitted and l'£c for un-
P 'ne\V CROP-Aprlcots. ~\t<8Sc per lb here and
7c In the country.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson s fancy, per
lb 10c: choice.' flc; standard. 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson s, per lb. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb. Hffcc; choice. 7V4c; standard, C^c;
prime oc; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless.
60-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5%c;
S-crown, 6Vlc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers. 2
crown.- $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 6a Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
CHERRIES— 25<§50c per box for black; Royal
Anne. 40<?760c. In bulk, 2H<S<^c for black and
4G5c for Royal Anne.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 SOS 2 50
per box; Sellings. J1^175; Valencias. j!(!3 30 :
Lemons, tlpl 50 for common and $2JJ2 50 for
pood to choice; Mexican Limes, $4: Bananas,
fl D05J3 per bunch; Pineapples. $3 50® 4 per
dozen. -
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
PLUMS — 10(573c per box and crate; Cherry
Plums 10i??20c~ for drawers and 23@4Oc for boxes.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50;?3 50 per chest for
large and $3S6 for small berries.
GOOSEBERRIES— 1^^ 3&c per lb for com
mon.
RASPBERRIES— $2 73(Ji5 i>er chest.
BLACKBERRIES- $2(??4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— J4JJ6 per chest.
CURRANTS— $2 5n(it4"rcr chest.
FIGS— Per box, 23S30c for single and 40c§$l
for double layers.
PEACHES — 40c@$l per box and 50@63c per
basket.
APRICOTS— :0065c per box for Royals; In
baskets. loffSOc. In bulk, $20<iy40' per ton to the
trade and $15<??2n to the canners.
APPLES— 15@23c per basket and 85<S'73c for
Red Astrachans. larce boxes.
PEARS— Madeline, in small boxes, 15@23c per
box: In baskets. 15@23c.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
The canners are buying Apricots and Clyman
Plums In the local market and cleaned up the
wharf of Plums yesterday, something unusual
for the Clyman variety. The canners generally
wait until -the late Plums come in. Tragedy
Prunes, in crates, to the trade, sold at 75c.
Peaches are steady and good yellow are bring
ing as hlsh as $1 per box.
Berries are weak and In better supply than
heretofore.
Figs are in free supply and quiet.
Grapes, from Yuma. *2 per crate.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter has apparently ceased to advance, and
Is quieter. Southern orders have ceased, and
the tending this way of several cars of East
ern Is also having its effect. Cheese Is un
changed.
Eggs are steady at the advance.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 19%®20c; sec
onds, lS@19c. •
Dairy— Fancy, ISc; good to choice. 16%@17ftc;
common, 14@15c.
CHEESE— New. 8@9c: Young America. 9@
9Hc: Eastern. 16®17c: Western. 15'SlCc per lb.
EGGS — Quoted at 14@15M:C for store and 17@
20c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 15&@16c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The market Is tolerably bare at the moment
and prices are steady.
POULTRY— Live- Turkeys, 10@llc for Gob
blers and I2(f?13c for Hens: Oeese. rer ralr.
$1@1 23; Goslings, $1@1 23; Ducks, $4@5 for old
and $4^5 for young; Hens. $4Q5; young Roos
ters, $5@6; old Roosters,^T3 5004 ; Fryers, $4®
4f.0; Broilers. $3®3 50 for large and $173(52 25
for small; Pigeons, $1 50<Ql 73 per dozen for old
and $K0 1 23 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Vegetables are easy and In ample eupply.
Potatoes and Onions are weaker.
POTATOES-Oregon Burbanks. 75390c; New
Potatoes. 40c@$l per ctl.
ONIONS— New Red, 40©60o; Silverskins, 85®
90c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 75c@n 50 per
sack and $1 23@1 73 per crate for Vacaville and
12M>@20c per dozen for bay; Rhubarb, 60<g75c per
bcx; Asparagus. 75c©$l per l>ox for No. 2 and
$1 2jfff\ 50 for No. 1 and $1 7302 25 for fancy
large; Green Peas. 75cff$l 25 per sack: Strlntr
Beans. 2@3c: Cabbage, 40®50c; Tomatoes, 75ctfJ
$1 25; Ebk Plant from Los Angeles, 5©6c: Dried
Okra, 32 1 ,4c per lb:. Green Peppers, 10@12'.ic;
Dried Peppers, SlglOc; Carrots. 23@35c per sack;
Summer Squash, 30(?}40c per box for Vacaville
and $101 25 for Alameda: Cucumbers, tl^l 23
for Alameda and £0©73c per box for Marysvllle;
new Garlic, 3S4c rer lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans and Seed3 remain unchanged, with
a moderate demand for the former.
BEANS— Bay os, $2 S3@3; small White. $3 250
3 40; large White, $2 73#3; Pink. $2 £0@2 SO;
Red, $2 50@3; Blackeye, $3 50@3 75: Butters,
nominal; Lima. J5 3O5J5 40; Pea, $3 40®3 50; Red
Kidneys. $4@4 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax, $1 9002 20; Canary, 3^c
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Al
falfa, nominal; Rape. 2V4@3c; Hemp, 4®4&c;
Timothy. 4@4V4c
DRIED PEAS— Niles. »1 90©2 25; Green, $1 90
@2 25 per ctl.
Several weeks ago the commission merchants
advised the farmers to hold back their new
Hay in order to allow the market to Improve.
It is not often that the farmer takes the city
merchant's advice, but he did this time, and
the good effects are already apparent. Hay
surprised its friends yesterday by advancing
o0c per ton all around, with a very firm feel
ing at the advance. Light receipts from now
on will keep the market firm, but If the farm
ers rush in a lot of new Hay the advance may
be lost. •
Feedstuffs are unchanged.
BKAX— J12 dO®13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17(g20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $15@1S per
.?.?i n °>l 1 o cake Meal at lhe rallI « *26®27; Jobbing,
J27 5CS2S; Cocoanut Cake. $20021: Corn Meal.
$25: Cracked Corn. J2S 60: Mixed Feed. $15 50.
1 J*A\— Wheat. $7 S0@9 50 for common to good.
?10<g>10 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat, J7 50@10;
Oat, J6 £0@S CO; Alfalfa. $5@7 50 per ton.
.^SS' HAY — Volunteer, $4 50@1) 50; Wheat.
I s , clove «*. W 50@6; Alfalfa. $5®7; Barley.
$1 o(XQ6 50 per ton.
STKAW-2i®37Vic per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are' as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, %2 73 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, »2 75; Rye
Meal. 12 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 60;
Oat Groats, $< EO; Homln'y. $2 25®3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, J4Q!4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 25;
Farina, $4 SO; Whole V.'beat Flour, $3: Rolled
Oats (barrels), JG@7 25; In sacks, |3 75@7; Pearl
KfUDs' * 5: SpUt PeaS> * 3; Green PeaS> ' 5 W PCr
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60®3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, J3 <3®3 50; Oregon
and Washington. J2 25@3 per barrel.
Flour and Millstuffs.
"White, $1 10@l 30; Surprise, $1 22#@1 23; Red,
$1 10@l 20; Gray, $1 07V4@l 15; Black, $1@1 07V4
per ctl.
CORK— Eastern large Tellow. $1 15 per. ctl:
Eastern 'White. Jl@l 05 per ctl; Mixed. $1 10.
RYE— Quotable at 87^0 for new and 92H@35c
for old.
BUCKWHEAT-Nominal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
California Fruit Sales.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL,
10
( 120th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. June I*— 5 p. in.
The following maximum terar*ruture» were
repotted Iron stations in California to-day:
Eureka C2:San D-epo ei
Fresno K2 ' Sacramento 70
I>c>6 /:¦::¦ :>-s TliF-an I^ulu Obispo ... 72
Ited UlufT 74,'ilt. Tcmaljiais J7
J-ndr-pendence tO;
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
CS; minimum, U; mean. S8.
WEATHEH CONKITinNS AXD GENERAL
rOKKCAST.
The weather is <-!ou<iy over the northern por
tion of Northern t'ali:.,rri!a. Orogon. ¦Washing
ton, Idaho and Montana; e!><p\vhere tvest I>C the
Itorky Mountains It Is c'.oar. Light Ecatt(.-rin<
showers ar«- reported from Northern Nevada..
Oregon. L'lah. Uaho and Wettera Montana.
The jiressure hm risen over the Parllic Klupe
tnd fallen OVCT the L'pper Missouri Valley.
The temperature has r!wn over the plateau
r*eicn and fallen over Oregon, Washington and
Montana.
Condition* are favoraWe for fair warmer
woath.-r in California Fri<5aj-.
Forecast niad<» at San Francisco lor thirty
hour*, cr.dir.g midnight June 15:
Northern OaIif.crr.ia-F-.iir, warmer Friday;
frcth we*t Wind.
Southern Cclifornla— Fair, wanner Frliiaj-;
Xiglit wcit wind.
Nevada— Fair, warmer Friday.
Utah— l'artly clcu'ly Friday.
Arizona— Fair 5'iV.ay.
Ban Frarcisco nnd vicinity— Fair, warmer
JTrKJay: fresh weFt wind.
G. It WILLSO.V, Local Forecast Official.
New York Grain and Produce
Sun, Moon and Tide.
ARTICLES. Receipts. Ship'mts
Flour, barrels 13,000 7,000
Wheat, bushels 57.000 44.000
Corn, bushels 345.000 153.000
Oats, bushels 210.000 331.000
Rye, bushels 1.000 1,000
Barley, bushels 12,000 3,000
ARTICLES. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat' No. 2—
Juna ; 72V4
July 74S4 74% 72% 73
August 73V4 70% 73% 73%
Corn No. 2—
June .391.4 39V4 3S>4 3S%
July 3914 3314 3Sft 3S%
August 39% 39}i 33 39y»
Oats No. t—
June 22M. 21'A 22 23«4
Ju'V 22% 22»* 22U 22%
August 22% 22H 221i 22fc
Hess Dotk, bbl—
July ¦.. n 27'/4 11 27H 11 13 11 22^
September u 33 11 37Vj 11 30 11 37&
Lard, 100 lbs—
July 6 57H 6 571,4 6 43 6 50
September 6 57& 6 62»<. 6 52V4 6 55
Short ribs. 100 lbs—
July GE7% 6C7% 6 CO 6 B2^
September 6 60 6 60. 6 C2% 6 57k
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Point Arena., ..IMendocino Jane 15
Pomona Eureka June 15
Arcata Coos Bay _ June 13
Pellus Oyster Harbor [June 14
VValia Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound June S
Santa Rosa San Dl«"^o June Id
Newbunc [Grays Harbor June It}
Washtenaw ...JTacoma June 17
Mackinaw IP«utIe June 17
Itubt. Adanison Nanalmo June 1?
Del Norte Portland June 13
Empire Coos Bay June IS
Coos Bay [Newport June 13
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro June 13
Wellington .... Oyster Harbor June 13
Universe Oyster Harbor June U
Peru New York June 13
Doric China and Japan „.. June 13
Australia Honolulu June 13
Ptate of Cal (Portland June 13
Corona !- c an Dlesro June?)
Orizaba IHumboldt [June Vi
Crescent City... Crescent City June 21
Bonlta 'Newport IJune 22
L'matllla IVlctoria & Puset Sound! June 21
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
1
Cltji Puebla Vie & Pst 3d. June 15. 11 ami Pier 9
Bonlta Newport.. June 16, 9 am, Pier U
Columbia .. Portland June 17. 11 amiPler 2*
Arcata Coos Bay June 17, 12 nvPter 13
North Fork Eureka Juno 17, JamlPler t
Orizaba .... Humboldt June 17, 2 pm[Pler 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. June IS. 2 pm Pier 2
Kruger TUlamook June 13
Carlisle Cty China & Japan June 13. 10 am Pier 27
Cltyof ParalNew York I June 13. 12 m PMS3
Santa RosalSan Diearo I June 19. 11 am Pier 11
Newburjr ..(Grays Harbor. June> 19
Wai. Walla! Vic & Pgt Sd.i June 20. 11am Pier 9
C003 Bay... 1 Newport 'June 20, 9 am Pier 11
Del Nortel Coos Bay [June 21 j
Corona I San Diego I June 22. 11 am! Pier 11
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
1
Cltji Puebla Vie & Pst 3d. June 15. 11 ami Pier 9
Bonlta Newport.. June 16, 9 am, Pier U
Columbia .. Portland June 17. 11 amiPler 2*
Arcata Coos Bay June 17, 12 nvPter 13
North Fork Eureka Juno 17, JamlPler t
Orizaba .... Humboldt June 17, 2 pm[Pler 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. June IS. 2 pm Pier 2
Kruger TUlamook June 13
Carlisle Cty China & Japan June 13. 10 am Pier 27
Cltyof ParalNew York I June 13. 12 m PMS3
Santa RosalSan Diearo I June 19. 11 am Pier 11
Newburjr ..(Grays Harbor. June> 19
Wai. Walla! Vic & Pgt Sd.i June 20. 11am Pier 9
C003 Bay... 1 Newport 'June 20, 9 am Pier 11
Del Nortel Coos Bay [June 21 j
Corona I San Diego I June 22. 11 am! Pier 11
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Point Arena., ..IMendocino Jane 15
Pomona Eureka June 15
Arcata Coos Bay _ June 13
Pellus Oyster Harbor [June 14
VValia Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound June S
Santa Rosa San Dl«"^o June Id
Newbunc [Grays Harbor June It}
Washtenaw ...JTacoma June 17
Mackinaw IP«utIe June 17
Itubt. Adanison Nanalmo June 1?
Del Norte Portland June 13
Empire Coos Bay June IS
Coos Bay [Newport June 13
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro June 13
Wellington .... Oyster Harbor June 13
Universe Oyster Harbor June U
Peru New York June 13
Doric China and Japan „.. June 13
Australia Honolulu June 13
Ptate of Cal (Portland June 13
Corona !- c an Dlesro June?)
Orizaba IHumboldt [June Vi
Crescent City... Crescent City June 21
Bonlta 'Newport IJune 22
L'matllla IVlctoria & Puset Sound! June 21
Every animal kept by man. excepting
the cat, !s taxed in Austria, and now
there Is a proposal to tax pussy in thai
country.
AUCTION SALES
fe ARRIVED! £a
TWO CARLOADS
FINE HORSES!
Young, gentle and well broken. Some excel-
lent LIVERY TEAMS in the bunch. Will be
sold cheap.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 Howard st.Mrs. George Doubleday, nee Moffltt.
The Late Major John Lynch.
In Virginia a company has been formed
to make, artificial marble of milk of lime,
salt and marshmallow root, together with
cement.
BACK FKOM THE KLONDIKE.
Steamer City of Topeka Arrives at
Seattle.
SEATTLE. June 14.— The steamship City
of Topeka arrived to-day from Skagruay.
Mrs. J. Beck. Moss M. Dnimmond and 11.
Lowe brought out about $70,000 between
them. Other passengers had probably half
as much more. Owing to no train from
Bennett on Sunday about 2f»0 outeomlns
Klondikers ¦were unable to catch the boat.
The water at Cariboo Crossing ia report
ed so low that steamers cannot cross, and
passengers are transferred bi small boats.
The passengers known to be at Bennett
are expected on the Dlrisro to-morrow.
There has been a great dropping in tha
prices of many articles In Dawson sinco
the arrival of the first and second scow
loads of provisions.
BELIEF FOR SIX MILLIONS
Increase in the Number of East In
dians Now Being Fed.
• SIMLA. Jun» 14.— More than «.0O0.(K¥) per
sons are -now receiving relief. There was
an increase in Bombay of 200,000 last week
owing to the return of destitute people
who deserted the works on account of the
cholera scare. The prospects of & fair
monsoon are somewhat improved.
NEW YORK. June 14.— Rolla A. Heikes
of. Dayton, ; Ohio," won the first grand
American target handicap to-day at In
terstate Park, Queens. L. L, with a score
of 91 out of a possible 100. Heikes shot
from the twenty-two-yard line mark and
his performance was remarkable. Jack
Fanning, who holds the target champion
ship, and Elliott were placed one yard be
hind the- winner. Hood .Waters of Balti
more, who was placed on the eighteen
yard mark, broke eighty-nine targets out
of -his allotted century and took ¦ second
money. J. Landis of - Philadelphia, C. A.
Young of Springfield,- Ohio; P, . Halley,
Danville, N. Y., and G. J. Henderson, New
York, divided third money, their score be-
Druggists Excluded.
ST. PAUL, June 14.— The. Grand Lodge
of Odd Fellows to-day voted to exclude
druggists and hotel keepers from the or
der in this State. William ¦ McGregor of
Minneapolis was elected grand warden.
Target Handicap.
Ohio Man "Wins the Grand American
HEEKES' FINE SHOOTING.
Kichmond Wants a New Schoolhouse.
A new school building is needed in the
Richmond District and a demand will be
made for sufficient funds > to erect one
large enough to accommodate at least
fourteen classes. A demand will also be
made for six-feet stone sidewalks in the
thickly inhabited portion of the district.
Nelson Johnson Arrested for Bobbin?
a Bucolic Stranger at a Game
of Cards.
Nelson Johnson, a well-known confidence
operator, was arrested yesterday by De
tective Egan and charged with grand lar
ceny. About two weeks ago he met Wit-
Ham Hanson, a recent arrival from Ari
zona, and after representing himself aa a
capitalist induced him to accompany him
to a friend's room on Kddy street. A ?anw
cf cards was ther. proposed and in a short
time Manron found that he was out 5147.
He reported the matter to Detective Ejran.
with the result that Johnson, who Is a
pal of Harry ."Walters, alias Major Gall,
the king of bunko men, was taken into
custody.
BUNKO MAN CHARGED
WITH GRAND LARCENY
Loyal Legion Does Honor to Fast
Commander, Who Is Visiting
This City.
The Commandery of California, Military ,
Order of the Loyal Legion of the United
States, tendered a reception last night to
Colonel Charles A. Woodruff, a past com
mander and a soldier of great reputation.
A large number of the commandery gath
ered In the parlors of the Occidental Hotel
to welcome the guest and receive him In
true soldier fashion.
When Colonel Woodruff arrived the or
chestra struck up a national air and with
escort he entered the rooms, which wero
decorated for the occasion. After a gen
eral handshaking the members marched
into the supper-room, ¦where for three
hours they entertained themselves .and
the guest of the evening. The toasts were
of an Informal character.
RECEPTION IS TENDERED
TO COLONEL WOODRUFF
The will of the late Richard H. Follis,
a capitalist of this city, who died recently,
was filed for probate yesterday. It creates
a ten-year trust out of the estate, and at
tho end of that time the entire property
will have been distributed to the testator's
children. The estate will be distributed
to the children as they reach certain ages.
The trust appears to be based upon the
age of the youngest, and will run 'the full
ten years in his case— that is, ten years
from the time the will. was made, which
was on March 18. 1SK. "
To his daughter, Mary Lilian Kollis.
he leaves the residence property on the
northeast corner of Washington and Bu
chanan streets»and all the remainder of
his estate he leaves to his executor, James
L. Flood, and James II. Follis, in trust for
his children — Margaret K. de Vecchi, wife
of Dr. de Vecchi: James H.. Follis, Rich
ard H. Follis, Mary Lillle Follis and
George Clarence Follls.
The trustees- are directed to pay upon
the first day of each quarter, and share
and share alike, the net profits of the
estate** to the testator's children until the
time when Mrs. de Vecchi shall have at
tained the age of 39 years, James H. Fol-
Hs 33 years, Richard "H. Follis 31 years.
Mary Lillle Follis 29 years and , George
Clarence Follis 27 years. Then the trust
ees are ordered to appraise the estate as
each of the children arrives at the aee
noted and to distribute to him or her an
equal share of the entire property. And
when the youngest child, George Clar
ence, shall have attained the age set forth
thf trustees are directed to convey the
residue of the property to him.
,-It is further provided that in case any
child dies before attaining the age allotted
his or her share shall be distributed ac
cording to any will the deceased child
may have left, or In case no will is left
by the law of descents. .
Frederick F. Follis is mentioned in the
will as an executor and trustee with
James L. Flood," but owing to his death
James H. Follis Is substituted In a codicil
to the. will. .
The will Is witnessed" by James E.
Walsh and Cornelius O'Connor. The co
dicil bears date of January 30. 1897, and
has the came witnesses. The estate Is
valued at considerably over a million.
Will of the Late Richard
Follis Filed in the Pro
bate Court.
LEFT ALL HIS
ESTATE TO HIS
FIVE CHILDREN
When Henry Austin Adams stepped
upon the stage at Metropolitan Hall last
night to deliver his lecture on "Cranks"
there was not a vacant seat in the house,
from the topmost back tier of the gal
lery to the front seats in the orchestra.
Many stood throughout. It was the last
of the series of lectures Mr. Adams has
been giving for the Catholic Truth So
ciety, and was in many respects the most
brilliant, fairly bristling with snappy epi
grams, all advanced in favor of the cranks
of the universe. After a few words of
humorous introduction by Chairman Law
lor Mr. Adams arose, but so great was the
demonstration that it was many minutes
before he could commence talking. The
lecture throughout was punctuated with
applause, called forth by the shafts of
satire the lecturer hurled at society and
conventional folks of all ''- classes, creeds
or occupations. Mr. Adams spoke in part
as follows: >
"You are not here to-night to listen to
a humorous lecture. It is to be a sad,
metaphysical study of those who have
been bold enough to break the bonds of
conventionality and strike out for them
selves. If you have tears prepare to shed
them now. I have made a deep study of
the crank, iso to-night you'll hear an ex
pert on them. . I love the crank. I be
lieve in him. I am here to defend him.
What la a crank? It is a name, we
wretched creatures of conventionality
fling at any one with original ideas who
is not afraid to proclaim them. The name
is a kinc'a attribute. It comes from a
simple force In mechanics. You cannot
get power from a row of wheels all hung
on the same dead center on an axle unless
there Is one hung differently.
"Cranks are eccentric powers; we
ordinary mortals concentric nothings.
Every page of history was turned by
some being you or I would call a crank.
Let me name pn<! — Christopher Columbus,
ne stuck to his crankiness. To that the
world owes a new chapter of possibilities,
which had their inception In the brain of
a crank. You know that every great thing
you've thought or done you've had to
think or do alone. The man who stands
alone and proclaims what he believes to
be the truth is a noble man; he's magnifi
cent—he's a crank! .
"We put the soft pedal on our children.
A girl at 15 is what God made her. At
25 she's social, she's lovely, she's cut,
dried and labeled.
"To be disliked is a proof, of greatness.
Stand apart and you'll get the name of
being a crank. Don't turn your children
Into hollow echoes of some other person
ality. Itself in turn a replica. Each one
is doine all he knows how to be a crank.
Tou do all you can to prevent him. I have
pleaded for the crank. When I am gone,
and am only a memory to you, I want
you to remember me as a crank!"
On June 20 Mr. Adams will lecture 6n
Sir Thomas Moore, at St. Paul's Hall.
Twenty-ninth and Church streets. On
June 25 he will talk of the "Twentieth
Century," • under the auspices of Pioneer
Council No. 1,-Y. M.M. Tickets may be
had of members of the council, or of the
grand secretary- . '-
Immense Audience Hears
Henry Austin Adams'
Last Lecture.
LECTURER SAYS
WORDS OF PRAISE
FOR THE CRANK
BERKELEY. June 14.— "I expect to fill
vacancies after ray trip and not create
them."
This was the important and emphatic
statement made by President Benjamin
M» Wheeler of the University of Califor
nia as he left for the East yesterday, and
it sets at rest all of the rumors and stor
ies of changes that he Is supposed to be
ready to make before the next term
opens. ; * .- '¦'.,
Quite a number of vacancies have oc
curred Jn the university in the last year,
but few of which have been filled. There
is no commandant of the military depart
ment. Professor Frank Soule filling that
position temporarily. There Is a vacancy
in the German department, and this will
be filled by President Wheeler, which fact
probably gave rise to the groundless story
about the removal of Professor Putzker.
"There are a number of places which
will have to be filled before the fall term
opens," said President Wheeler, "and it
will be my business to secure the best
men for these places. It would not do any
good to name the men I have tn view.
There are a dozen proposed for each
place, and it would be useless to announce
the selections until a decision shall have
been reached by the candidates and the
regents. It ought to be enough to say
that I will get the best possible material
for these vacancies."
WHEELER WILL ONLY
FILL FACULTY VACANCIES
KILLED BECAUSE SHE
SECRETLY MARRIED
Thomas Bach Murders an Eighteen-
Year-Old Girl' and Commits
Suicide.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. June 14.— Moved by
strange jealousy of an adopted daughter,
Thomas Bach, aged 50. this afternoon
shot and killed eighteen-year-old Mollle
Bach, because she was secretly married
four weeks ago to Newt Thorne. He then
killed himself. The tragedy occurred at
the Bach farm, eleven miles from Louis
ville, on the Taylorville pike.
Mollie Bach was adopted twelve years
ago by the Bach family and given their
name. Thomas Bach, although a mar
ried man, was Intensely Jealous of the
girl and he told her, it is said, that he
would kill her if she ever got married.
To-day she showed him the license for
her marriage to Thorne. which had been
kept a secret until to-day. Bach imme
diately grabbed a pistol and started for
the girl. She darted through the front
door of the house, but he caught her and
shot her three times in the back. Pursu
ing her into the pard he shot her in the
left side. The girl fell to the ground and
Bach put the pistol to her temple and
shot her again. With the last bullet in the
pistol he ehot himself near the heart.
STREETCAR STRUCK
BY A FREIGHT TRAIN
HUTCHINSON. Kans.. June 14.-A
Santa Fe freight train ran into and de
molished a Btreetcar at the Main-street
crossing here early this morning, killing
Mrs. J. S. Patten, Mrs. William Burtch
and Mrs. George Kown. Mrs. Kown was
dragged from the wreck by her husband
and died in his arms. ~ Kown was badly
injured but will recover. Three , others
were seriously injured. Mrs. Edward
White had a rib broken and was badly
bruised; Mrs. J. H. Glasscock had her
collar-bone broken and was badly bruised
by being trampled by the car horses, and
Mrs. Daniel Conklln had an anme broken
and was otherwise hurt.
The streetcar was filled with people re
turning from a lodge meeting. The pass
engers did not see the freight until it
was on them and in their excitement sev
eral jumped under the train.
POOLROOM CIX5SED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June 14.— Dan Slinkey
and Frank Payne had to close their wo
men's poolroom in the Favorite cafe at
Sausalito "Wednesday. President of the
Board of Town Trustees Adolph Sylva
visited the place and informed the pro
prietors that their operations as poolmen
would have to cease. Sylva ordered the
telephone taken out and in unmistakable
language impressed upon the proprietors
the fact that their place would have to
close as far as its connection with the
poolsellers was concerned. Realizing that
their dream of wealth had been dispelled,
Payne told Sylva that his telephone to
the poolrooms had cost him $7 50.
Sylva promptly handed him the money
out of his own pocket and told him to
fo his way and sin no more. Trustee
ylva. when Interviewed to-day, said that
there was a certain class of women who
frequented the poolrooms and who were
in the habit of sitting on the wharf and
being supplied with race news by a gang
of touts who became a nuisance by their
frequent trips to and from the poolrooms.
Bryan Now Assured of Nomination.
CHICAGO, -June. 14.— By the action of
the Democratic State conventions in Cali
fornia, Missouri, Georgia and Vermont to
day William J. Bryan Is assured of the
nomination for President on tho Demo
cratic ticket. The instructions given del
egates by. those States carry Mr. Bryan's
vote, it is believed, considerably over the
two-thirds necessary to nominate him.
OAKLAND, June 14.— Under stress of
long physical Buffering Major John
Lynch, father of John C. Lynch,
Collector of Internal Revenue at
San Francisco, committed suicide this
morning by shooting himself in the head
with a pistol. The aged man's body was
found in the library by his son at their
residence,. 1S45 University avenue. Berke
ley.
Major Lynch ended his life some time
between midnight and 6 o'clock this morn
ing. He retired early and gave no out
ward evidence that he contemplated death.
The other members of the family went to
bed a couple, of hours later and nothing
more was heard of the old gentleman.
About 7 o'clock this morning his son
arose and went to his father's room, as
usual. Collector Lynch found the room
vacant, and a few minutes later discov
ered the body of his father, fully clad,
tying on a sofa in the library. It is sup
posed that Major Lynch was seized with
a violent spasm of pain during the night
and ended his life to put a stop to un
bearable suffering.
The members of the family were fully
convinced that the long suffering Major
Lynch had undergone had destroyed his
reason. He was afflicted with heart trou
ble, which had caused him intense physi
cal distress. In a letter he wrote some
months ago to his children in contempla
tion of sudden possible death Major Lynch
referred to his physical aliments with con
siderable force. The letter is as follows:
My Dear Children: For some time I have
been afflicted with an Incurable malady which
Is often attended with paroxysms of most acute
pain. These attacks have recently been mow
frequent and seem to be Increasing In severity.
The symptoms attending them admonish me
that they may result in heart failure and
death with such suddenness as to prevent my
giving any directions as to the disposition to
be made of my body after death. I have no
fear of death. It is my desir* that when death
does come that it will come suddenly. I deem
It fit, therefore, to leave for your consideration
a few directions, or rather suggestions. In
that regard. While I have a strong desire that
the following directions be followed, yet they
are such a wide departure from the unwise
and vain display sanctioned by lonff /custom
that should the following of them/strictly
cause you pain or leave your motives open to
adverse criticism you will consider them mada
subject to such modification as your feellnw
and cense of propriety may determine.
Directions: First— That my body be placed
In a plain redwood coffin without any orna
mentp of any kind and be cremated: that In
conveying the body to the place of cremation
a simple, suitable wagon be used, dispensing
with hearse and every form of display.
Second— That the ashes of my body be scat
tered over the grave of my wife In the cemetery
at Benicfa. and that no urn or other monument
mark the place where they are scattered.
Third— That no crape or other insignia of
mourning be worn, such as are usual by near
relatives of the deceased. I have always con
sidered such an outward display as out of
place and never put It In practice, though I
have felt as keenly as any cne the loss of my
beloved dead. Affectionately,
JOHN LYJJCH.
To John C. and Mary F. Lynch.
Berkeley. Cal., January, 1900.
Major Lynch tad been an attorney for
many years. He was born in Ireland sev
enty-nve years ago. but while quite young
came to the United States with his
parents, who settled in Ohio. During the
civil war he served as major of the One
Hundred and Fourteenth Ohio Volunteer
Infantry. After the war and until 1SS7 his
home was in New Orleans. Then he re
moved to Benicia. and three years ago
took a home in Berkeley. His second
wife, who was Miss M. Atkins of Benicia.
died in 1S92. Major Lynch was a highly
respected member of the bar. His home
life was most happy and he was of a re
markably affectionate disposition. His
death was a severe ehock to the family
as well as to many friends. The funeral
will probably be held Saturday. So far as
cremation is concerned Major Lynch's de
sire concerning the disposition of his body
will be respected.
Public Utilities Committee Prepares
Specifications for Next Year's
Lighting of Streets and
Public Buildings.
A proposition was submitted to the Su
pervisors' Public Utilities Committee by
A. K. Brooke Ridley last night to con
struct an electric 'plant upon a parcel of
land belonging to the city, "with a view to
its ult-mtfte acquirement by the munici
pality. In a communication to the Chair
man of the committee Mr. Ridley says:
\Vearrre» to install in paid plant all ma
chinery necefcsary tn operate it and having a
capacity of .25CO arc lamps and 50CO incandes
cent lamrs. We w.li c instruct the distributing
syst--m. placing all wires underground In the
downtown district and on pr»los throughout the
balance of the city. The character ot the ma
chinery will l»c ot the highest known types, the
cost of construct kn and installation to be $1,-
OOn/ro. The ttrrr.s upon which the city is to
acquire the ownership of the plant are the
following:
T'ic city to lease the plant for the term of
twenty years at an annual rental of |2T5,0OO, at
the end' of which lease the city Is to become
absolute owner of the plant. During' the per
iod Of said lease th»» plant will be operated free of
expanse to the city. Alt necessary repairs and
renewals will be made good, so that at the end
of the term of the lease the plant will be in aa
economical a condition for Us operation as
whm Installed. We will furnish the city with
a bond of JlOfi.OM as a guarantee.
"We further asrreo that at any time when we
may be duly instructed by the city authorities
we- will increase the size r>f the plant to any
capacity that may be deMred up to 5000 arc
lights, and the cost will be approximately pro
portionate with cost of the original installa
tion. If It is the desire to Install poles of suf
ficient size to carry fire alarm and other wires
we agree to increase the po'^s to the desired
size on the payment of the additional cost
thereby incurred.
We ar« prepared to place before yourself and
the other members of your committee such
figures and estimates that will satisfy you of
our ability to fulfill the terms of the contract
in all of Its conditions.
Gas Inspector Tupper informed the com
mittee that there were 7S6 arc lamps now
in use and he thought that 2300 arc lamps
would illuminate the city. His specifica
tions governing contracts for public light
ing during the next fiscal year were can
vassed and adopted after a few changes
in some unimportant particulars.
The subject of a municipal water sys
tem was next considered by the commit
tee.
James O'Brien of the Marysville Water
and Power Company informed the com
mittee that the corporation had an ab
solute right to lO.OOo inches of water on
the North Yuba River and 2000 acres of
water sheds. He promised to furnish an
estimate of the cost of the water rights
and the lands necessary for the reservoir
sites within twenty-five days.
OFFERS TO SELL
TO THE CITY AN
ELECTRIC PLANT
Proposition ' Submitted to
Install an Extensive
System.
It "Will Be Favorably Recommended
to the Board If the Corporation
Agrees to Certain Con
ditions.
Supervisor Maguire presented aa or
dinance yesterday at the meeting of the
Supervisors' Street Committee providing
for a grant to the San Francisco and San
Joaquin Valley Railway Company of a
right of way and the right to construct,
and operate a railroad along and upon
Illinois street, from the north line of
Fourth street to the north line of First
avenue South. Consideration of the or
dinance was postponed for two weeks at.
the request of E. F. Preston, attorney for
the railway company. The franchise is to
be grantea on tho usual conditions that
the street shall not otherwise be obstruct
ed except by the tracks, wnlch are to be
about four feet nine inches gauge. The
proposed ordinance continues as follows:
The space of neventy-flve (T5> feet to the
we«t of the Central Kasln U reserved for the
use of said basin and under the jurisdiction of
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners, and
shall not be deemed ta form a portion of said
street. Thi« franchise is granted for a period
of forty-flve rears, subject to the following ad
ditional conditions:
That the said rail-way company will, at any
time when required by resolution of the Board
of Supervisors, construct a drawbridge across
the waterway known as Is'als Creek channel.
sufficient to accommodate the travel upon said
street, or any other drawbridge that may b«
required by said Board of Supervisors over any
other channel which exists now or may here
after exist.
The Board of Supervisors hereby declares that
the common us* of said tracks within th?
meaning of subdivision 23 of section 1, chapter
II article II of the charter means any and all
mtlroads contemplated by said section seekirm
common use. and as a condition of this fran
chise the jrrantee accepts this condition.
The railway company shall be required to
commence the construction of said work and
complete the same within two (2) years from
the passage of this erdlanee. but the con
struction of a sinzle track upon Illinois street
shall b<* deemed to be a sufficient compliance
with this requirement.
This franchise Is granted upon the express
understanding that there Is' not now in exist
ence any contract, combination or agreement
between »atd San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway Company and any other com
mon carrier whereby fares and freight*, or
either, are or hereafter shall be fixed, or regu
lated, by mutual afrrwment. If there Is any
such contract now tn existence, or If hereafter
the San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail
way Company shall enter Into or become a
party to any contract with any other common
carrier for the purpose of fixing, maintaining
cr regulating fares and freights, or If hereafter
the San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
Railway Company shall grant, assign, lease or
In any manner dispose of this franchise, or al
low to any other common carrier the use of
the right of way, hereby granted, except as
provided In the charter of the city and county
of San Francisco, then the franchise hereby
granted shall cease and determine, and all
rights and privileges thereunder shall be for
feited.
Supervisor Maguire Intro
duces an Ordinance on
the Subject
ILLINOIS STREET
FRANCHISE FOR
VALLEY ROAD
Snatched a Lady's Purse.-
Frank Burns, who gives his occupation
as a blacksmith, was booked at the City
Prison yesterday by Detectives Dinan and
Wren and Policeman Geimann on a charge
of grand larceny. He is accused of snatch
ing a purse from a Mrs. Coleman on Grant
avenue a few days aero. Mrs. Coleman
Identified him In the prison yesterday.
o o ENRT HANSEN, a mill hand In thejPaclflc Planing Mill, on Berry street,
}=j near Sixth, 7 met with a terrible accident yesterday afternoon, which re-
II II suited in his death less than half an hour later. He was at work on what
~ is known as the Bticker machine turning out a piece of molding when'the
curved knife, about four, inches" long, flew out of- its socket; with s the speed of a
rifle bullet and buried, itself In his left breast. ;One of the arteries 'of the heart
was severed and Hansen died of hemorrhage^ln the ambulance before reaching the
city Receiving Hospital. Hansen' reside! with his wife' and six children at 110
Twenty-first street. -"He /was a native o' Denmark, 62 years old..
..... ..-¦¦.¦-. - '/ ; ' .. -.-. ¦ . . ¦ • \
STABBED TO HEART
BY HURTLING KNIFE
M. C. Baker Breaks His Leg.
M. C. Baker, locksmith, 607 Mission
6treet, was riding a bicycle along Market
street yesterday afternoon, and while
turning off the car track at Second street
the wheel slipped and he was thrown to
the ground. Baker was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where it .was found that
bis right leg was broken at the ankle.
OAKLAND, June 14. — Second Baseman
Arrellanes of the Santa Cruz baseball
team has accepted the terms offered by
Manager J. Cai Ewing of the Oakland
flub and will soon be Been on the diamond
with the local ball tossers. Arrellanes has
done cle\-er work while with the Santa
Cruz team anu will greatly strengthen
Oakland'* nine.
Arrellanes Signs With Oakland.
IjOS ANGELES. June 14.— Mrs. Jessie
Benton Fremont, widow of General John
C Fremont, met with a severe accident
last evening. In leaving the dinner table
Fhe slipped and fell, fracturing her hip.
Mr*. Fremont !» 79 years old and her re
covery will consequently 'be clow.
Mrs. Fremont Injured.
Shrimp Fishers Arrested.
Deputy Fish Commissioner. John C. Da
vis made an early morning raid In the
launch to the lower bay yesterday and
captured five Chinese fisherro<*h, whom he
charged with violating the State law by
using set nets and catching small fish.
The offenders were In a Junk and in their
efforts to secure shrimp they gathered
in fish of all kinds, the majority of which
were young- and worthless.
Bunker Hill Association "Will Cele
brate the Battle's Anniver- ,
sary.
The Bunker Hill Association has com
pleted arrangements for its excursion and
picnic to be given to-morrow at Glenwood
Park, in the Santa Cruz Mountains. Noth
ing has been left undone to make the
affair the event of the season. A telegram
will be sent to the parent Bunker Hill
Association in Boston and the response
will be read at the picnic grounds during
the patriotic exercises.
Joaquin Miller, who has Just returned
from the Kast. called on the executive
committee and accepted its invitation to
him and his mother. The poet of the
Sierras never misses the Bunker Hill cel
ebration.
Excursionists can leave on the 7:45
a. m. or 8:45 a. m. boat from the foot of
Market street. Stops will be made at
Park street,' Alameda, to accommodate
Oaklandqts. ¦
WILL SPEND THE DAY
IN THE MOUNTAINS
Banges Across the Bay Selected for
NATIONAL SHOOT WILL BE
HELD AT SHELL MOUND
the Great Contest Next
Year.
relegates from the various rifle shoot
ing clubs in this city met last night at
Cailfojnia Hall to select the place for Uvj
national rifle competition in 1901. After
much debate it was decided to hold the
thir.l National Bund shoot «t Shell Mound
Park, and the committee en parks was
instructed to make a contract with Cap
tain Fred Siebe for the use of the park
from July 4 to July 12. 1901.
This will be an evmt of the greatest
importance to the rifle marksmen of
America. From all parts of the country
there will be competitors in this great
shooting contest, that will last a full
week.
The Independent Rifle Club Joined the
bund last night.
The new steamer John S. Kimball ar
rived from Everett, Wash., early yester
day morning in tow of the tug Sea Lion.
The latter vessel has not been here for
:. early eight year?. In the old days she
end the Relief had many a brush on the
bay, and yesterday the old-timers were
discussing the famous race between the
rivals from the Farallones to Meiggs
¦wharf. Both vessels finished abreast of
each other off old lleigps wharf, but Cap
taSxa lilalr and Perrlman. the Merchants'
lixchange experts, assert that the/ Relief
had a good start, and therefore the Sea
2-ion won the race.
When completed the John 8. Kimball
will be the fcnest wooden steamer on the
Pacific. She is 2*0 fett long, 38 feet beam.
35 feet deep, while her displacement is 2&J0
tens. She will be schooner-rigged and her
¦cabin accommodations and Interior fit
ting's are to be of the best. It Is likely she
will make an excursion to the north, tak
ing in Cape Nome, Cape York and the
Siberian coast.
There have be^n a number of changes
in the Kimball Steamship Company dur
ing the last few days. John 8. Kimball
has retired from the active management
of the concern and Joseph Marsden is now
its president and Robert J. Tyson vice
president, while John H. Bullock con
tinues to be manager, treasurer and secre
tary. The new concern will control the
*teamers John S. Kimball, Albion, Aloha,
Sequoia, Noyo. Bessie K and the Fort
Bragg, now plying on the Sacramento
Jiiver.
Sloop Frolic Heard From.
One party of gold hunters that left here
In a small boat for Nome has been heard
from. The floop yacht Frolic that left
here on April S with eight passengers
reached I'nsa Island on May 20, and from
there the gold seekers were to make their
way to Cape Nome over the frozen in
terior. Among thofe who were on the
Frolic were Charles E. Anderson, Fred
Anderson. C. I-\ Kydell and Fred Olse_n
They wrote to relatives in this city that
they expected to make Nome about June
2 and it all went well with them they
should b* on the beach there now.
Hongkong- Mara Sails.
The Toys Kisen Kalsha's steamer Hong-
Imng Maru sailed for the Orient yester
day. There were noj many cabin passen-
K^rs. Among: those who went away were
Prince Alexis Dolgoroukoff, who is on
his way to Siberia, and Mrs. McCalla and
her four daughters, who will Join Com
mander McCalla of the Newark at Hong
konr.
While the Hongkong Maru was obliged
to refuse passengers because of her flag
the Roderick Dhu. Diamond Head and
Btar of Bengal ran the stars and stripes
up to the jack and the captains and their
friends rejoiced exceedingly. These ves
sels were all formerly British bottoms,
but pot in under the Hawaiian flag by
purchase. TTnd^r the laws that went into
effect yesterday they become American
vessels and as puch can fly Old Glory.
Water Irront Notes.
The soldiers a.n9 civilians who came
over on the transport Meade were landed
yesterday and during the evening the ship
wm docked. The chance* are that as
there are many repairs to be made to the
Meade the Grant will go out in her place
on the 1st insl.
lhe Thomas will sail for Manila via
Honolulu and Guam on the 16th inst.
Captain Baker of the Grant has received
leave of absence and goes back East to
visit his relatives to-day.
The Conernaugh has been rechartered
by the Government and will take another
load of mulea to Manila.
Reinsurance on the schooner Americana,
now out 107 t*ays from Caleta liuena for
San Francisco, ha« advanced to 20 per
cent. ¦„•;.-¦
Changes Made in Manage
ment of Kimball Steam
ship Company.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Hawaii became a territory of the United
States yesterday and vessels coming from
and going to her ports will no longer be
restricted by the laws that govern the for
eign trade. Seventy-one steam and sail
ing vessels, some of them the largest that
are in the trans-Pacific trade, came under
the American flag and will receive Amer
ican registries as- fast as they arrive in
port. The aggregate gross tonnage of
these vessels is about 40,000 tons.
The pilots of San Francisco will lose
about $1500 per month through the provi
sions of the laws that now control Bhip
ping between this city and Hawaiian
ports. As there are twenty pilots this
means an average loss to each man of
$75 per month. Under tho new laws ves
sels now plyingr between this and
Hawaiian ports will be considered in the
coastwise trade. Masters who hold pilot's
certificates are not required in the coast
wise trade to accept pilots, unless they
express a wish to employ them, and are
not required to pay any sort of rates.
Every sailing ship master In the Hawaiian
trade holds a commission to pilot vessels
into this port, of which he wit! naturally
take advantage in the future, to the loss
of the State pilots. The rule will not ap
ply to steamships, for under the laws the
masters of steam vessels are not given
pilot's licenses. For some years the esti
mated pay of pilots has been about $400
per month, although some months their
pay has exceeded SltM) each.
American registries were issued under
the new law yesterday to the Hawaiian
barks Roderick Dhu and the Star of Bel
gium. The owners of these vessels have
been the first to take advantage of the
law. The American flag- will be hoisted
over the two vessels at sunrise this morn
ing, and they will hereafter be accorded
the same rights and privileges as are all
American vessels.- It will be no longer
necessary for them to enter and clear at
this port as in years gone by.
Shipping meji expect an Immediate
quickening of the freight business to the
islands. Ever since the passage of the
Hawaiian act freight for island ports has
been held up here to escape the payment
of the Hawaiian duties and^ there . will
now be a great rush to get this through.
Territorial Laws Went Into
Effect in the Islands
Yesterday.
HAWAII NOW AN
INTEGRAL PART
OF THE UNION
Percy Williams, a youthful burglar, who
has been operating in this city for the
past week, was captured yerterday after
noon by Detectives Dinan and Wren and
Policeman John Dougherty. In his pock
ets was found a miscellaneous assortment
of jewelry, which he had stolen from sev
eral residence? in the Western Addition.
Williams, who is only I'j years of age,
operated under th«; guise of a peddler.
With a potato or a basket of strawberries
in his hand he would approach a private
dwelling, and after ringing the doorbell
end setting no response he would force
the door or a window with a Jimmy and
enter. On June 31 he broke into the resi
dence of William Dundas, 2218 Devisadero
street, during the absence of the family
and stole a gold watch and chain and a
pair of opera-glasses. A few days later
he entered the residence of Mrs. Powers,
at SOS Haight Ftreet. by prying open the
front window. There he got only a lady's
gold watch and a large quantity of dress
goods.
Williams sold mest of his booty to a
denizen of Bacon place.
Shortly after 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon Detectives Dlnan and Wren, who
had been detailed by Captain of Detectives
Seymour to apprehend the burglar, saw
him walking along Bush street. They fol
lowed him to Bacon place, where he en
tered the house of the woman to whom he
had sold a portion of his plunder, i The de
tectives, who were accompanied by Officer
Dougherty, promptly entered the house
and placed Williams under arrest. He of
fered no resistance and was at once taken
to police headquarters. When searched a
pair of opera-glasses, an opal stud, a hand
mirror and a gold pin were found in his
possession.
Williams confessed that he had stolen
the articles from a house on Bush street,
near Powell. Ho will be formally booked
on several charges of burglary to-day.
Under the Guise of Peddler
He Entered Several
Residences.
BOY BURGLAR
CAUGHTWITH
HIS PLUNDER
OAKLAXD, June 14.— Amid a profusion of flowers and in the presence of
160 guests. Miss Alice Moffltt became to-day the bride of George Double
day of New York. The nuptial knot was tied by Rev. Father Prendergast
of St. Mary's Cathedral. San Francisco. The bride, a typical Gibson girl.
was charming in an exquisite gown of rich white satin, made with a very long
train and trimmed with full ruffles of tulle. The sleeves of the satin bodice were
or tulle and the bodice itself was almost concealed beneath a wide berthe of rare
old duchesse lace. The bride's veil was of tulle arid she carried a bouquet of
orchids.
The floral decorations were very elaborate. Potted plants and hanging bas
kets transformed the wide veranda of the Moffltt home into a tropical garden
and the drawing room fairly bloomed, garlands of flowers festooning the walls,
while the window seats and mantels were banked with choice and fragrant blos
• some.
, A , weddin & breakfast followed th* marriage ceremony. The decorationB of the
bride s table were of tulle and American beauty roses. At this table were seated
Mr. and Mrs. Doubleday, Miss Lucy Moffitt, Miss Helen Wagner, Miss Chabot
Miss Kate Chabot, Mrs. Gardiner, Miss Vail. Miss Adelaide Murphy. Charles
Foster. James K. Moffltt. Will Horn. Peter Martin. Silas Palmer, W. H. Drown
and Edward Brayton. Mr. and Mrs. Doubleday will leave for the East on Fri
day.
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James Moffltt. her father being a
member of the paper firm of Blake, Moffltt & Towne. She is one of the belles of
Oakland and the champion lady golf player of the coast. Mr. Doubleday is a
member of the publishing firm of Doubleday, McClure & Co. of New York
The recent order of the Police Commis
sioners calling upon a number of men on
the retired list who are drawing pensions
to appear before the examining physicians
of the department with the object of test
ing thc'.r fitness or unfitness for duty will
take effect in a few days. The order, of
course, only applies to three who had
been retired through physical disability
befcre serving the twenty years and being
c:.df-r €0 years of age.
Just before the previous board went out
<if office then? was a* rush of applicants to
be placed on the pension list and over
thirty were successful, a large number
not having served the allotted time and
being under age. Chief Sullivan on taking
office closely examined the list and was
fattsfied that several were not Justified in
drawing pensions and brought the mat
ter to the attention of the Commissioners,
but it was not till two weeks ago that
ection was taken on his suggestion.
There has been no desire to Interfere
wiih those who faithfully served the city
for only a little less than twenty years
although not CO years of age. but there
were others and speculation has been rife
p.s to who will be the men who will have,
to walk the rarpot and prove to the sat
isfaction of the examining physicians that
they &r<? physically unable to perform the
duties of a policeman.
The ones selected for the test are Lieu
tenant Bennett. Chief Clerk Wright. Ser
geants Price. Harper. Monaghan and Mel
ody and Policeman Tyn«r. They were all
placed en the pension list under the phy
sical disability clause. Wright. Price.
Harper and Moraphan were retired re
cently 3nd they are all cnmparatlvelv
your.e men. with the possible exception of
>!or.aghan. Bennett was retired about
five years ago and went to Dawson City
during the Klondike rush and erg-aered in
m:r.ir.g enterprises. Melody was retired
tea years apo on the ground that he was
Incapacitated from duty through malaria
ard other causes. He has since been en-
Joytourvlt is claimed, good health. Police
men Tyner was only tour years in the de
partment when he was retired on a pen
sion through sickness. He bought a ranch
in Alameda County and has been working
it since. All those men will probably be
r*-<3 u*»sted to return to active duty or for
feit their pensions. The examination will
take place in a few dav*
They Are Lieutenant Bennett, Clerk
"Wright, Sergeants Price; Harper,
Monaghan and Melody
and Officer Tyner.
Seven Men Selected to Be
Put Through the
Ordeal.
EXAMINATION OF
POLICEMEN WHO
DRAW PENSIONS
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 1900.
CHAMPION GOLF PLAYER
HAS BECOME A BRIDE
MAJOR JOHN LYNCH
ENDS LIFE OF PAIN
11
He who has Imagination without learn-
ing has wings and no feet.— Joubert.THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 1900.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
rUFINESS OFFICE of The Ban" Francisco
Call, ccrrer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
EP.ANCH -OFFICES— 527 Montgomery «tr*et.
ccrrer Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
rco naves street: cpen until 5:30 p. to,
CCS McAU'rtcr street; open until 9:10 p. ra.
Ct5 Lnrk'.n etrcet: cpen until 9:S0 P. m.
1*41 Mission Etreet; cpen until 10 p. m.
irei Mission etreet, corner Sixteenth: open un-
til '-•*..¦••.
1M Eleventh etreet: open until • p. ™-
1CM Valencia Ffcet: rpen until 9 p. m.
KflCnmt corner Twenty-second and Ken-
torkv fftrf-ot«: rpen urtll S p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commar.dery No. 1. K. _*_.
T. No. S Post Ft.— Rejrular assembly TEJP
THIS EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. All gfj
fraters courteously lnvjted. By order few
of the Em. Comr.:aniler. w
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Record tr.
TERBA Burna Lodge of Perfection No. jf
L Meeting THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- A
ING at S o'clock. D. 5. #*S9*
GEO. J. IIOBE, Secretary. *-* 3 - g
APOLLO Lodge No. ZTZ. I. O. O. «j§___«v
'.' Members and visiting brrth-
ron- /.ttend FRIDAY NIGHT. -SSiJsJgSF
i;th Inst. Initiation and memorial •y* 1 *^
exercises. W. A. L1MBAUGH. N. Q.
\V. 1\ NORCIIOSS. $ec :
REGULAR meeting of the Caledonian A C^N^
Club THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. Jv, 74 J^
M 8 o'clock, at Scottish Hall. 117 "t_^flfcE*
Larkln Et. Music by Clansman
ra'.rjrrlove. ANGUS McLEOD, Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Sec.
KNIGHTS of it* Refl Branch y
Rifles, attention— Members of this f
company are hereby notified ta as- jj
i-emble In uniform at K. R. B. , ,«B
Hall en NEXT SUNDAY MORN- *_ jS>
ING, June 17. « 8 o'clock tharp. >gflTh_tfy
for the purpose cf attendinc our Jsf^tSP
jiicnlc In San Jose. By order of
CJUT. T. J. MELLOTT. Com. Compy.
¦TAMK." SMITH. First Sergeant.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MAFERY of Egypt, greatest astrol-
ogist and j ..:-v.s: in the world; satisfaction
jruaranteed. 23 PowelJ Bt.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE. atty. at law, S50 Market.cor. Stockton.
K. W. KING. r:7 Market St.. room €27; all
<•£¦*<¦•=: no advance charges: call or write.
APV1CE frw; no charge unl<»sp successful. W.
\V. DAVIDSON, S27 Market St.. o*..p. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.; coriFiiltatk.n fr^e; no f»es in advance.
AUTOMOBILES. .
AUTOMOBILHS^FRED WARD & SOnT
ARt>nts, 46 Fremont ft.
BELGIAN HAKES.
FOR one week only— Belgian hare does bred to
cur "Lord DoncaFter" for 120; "Lori Do:icas-
ter" is one cf the finest sires ever imported;
arrived from England May 17. li-00; sire. Pal-
ace Cup buck of is<<s ; doe. winner of Doncas-
t«r Silver Cup of 1«SS; he wen a prize every
t'.rr.e he was shown in England; wonderful
color: matrmflcent fhape. CATJFORN'IA
BELGIAN II ARE ASSOCIATION. Akuneda,
Cal.
FOIL sale — Very Cne stock of high-score, pedl-
f— efyj Belgian hares, all scored by Mrm. Utfsh.
VJB3% Putter St.. San Francisco.
TREMONT Belgian Hare Co.. 1134 Flllmore et.
Pan Tranclsco. Cat- — Send 6c in stamps for
book on care and feeding.
HARE Sanitarium— Treatment of elck harei;
positive snuffle cure. PR. JACOBS. 1616 Turk.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HA HE C. 6:*S Gold-
en Gate ave.. S. F. : SCO rabbits for sale cheap.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN sells new bicycles for tlO; good article.
K_ Larkin st.. corner McAllister. !»
11OOK> Mitt" AM) OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
noire** Ponk <>.. 704 Mission Ft., near Third.
IHSI-VESS CHANCES.
AN interest in transfer and express company,
doing a business of $16,000 per y«>ar. In this city
£r.d acrofs the bay: owner needs active assist-
ant. Call R. G. WILKE. SS'i Kearny Et.
A— tlZHi; SALOON; elegantly fitted up; estab.
rears and doing a Ro<»d paying busings; place
located close to Palace Hotel; rent ISO; lease;
targe *tuok. best quality: a rare otfer. Call
K O. WXLKK. 20^ Kearay ft.
ji — BOO; rCKXER llquore store; close to Chron-
ir'.c t'.dg.: low rent; bargain. H. G. WILKE,
""Cijj Kearny tt.
A— SiCO — ELEGANTLY furnished restaurant; on
Stockton et. ; place e etabl. many years and do-
Ing rushing, good-raying business; no tetter
offer in market. EL G. WILKE. 2C^i Kearny.
A— JSOO; FKENCH restaurant in choicest loca-
tion of Latin qutrter; rent J25; a splendid
business; must be sold at ence. as
«wn*-r* or«. gmng to leave for J'ar.s. Cail It.
Ci. WILKE. itH Ktamy et.
A-tT^0; TRANSFER corner on Mission Et.. In-
cluding building; 'ground rent, 120; lease of 4
years; firsit-flafs; leafing for Europe; net all
catii n«-e€-i-E;,ry. R. G. WILKE, 2tiV» Kearny.
A— tJCO; COll.NEK cicar store with card room,
doM to ccrr.er Market and Powell sts. ; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. ?6Vi Kearny st.
A-*1000; CANDY route, establ. 20 years; all
cash trade, clearing about IliO per month.
Call II. G. WILKE. K4 Ke— rny et.
A-J2C0; CORNER branch bakery and (grocery,
with 4 living rocnis. on Geary et. ; low rent
ar.d rood paying business; a rare chance.
Csll It. O. WILKIC. *;e: Y Kearny Et.
A— A. BTEXBESta CO.. T35 Market st. "
List your Stores.
City and Country Real Estate,
cr any kind of business with us.
We can pell for cash
Have buyers waiting
tlT" — Uranch bakery; barcain.
5<i0 — C'.sar store; Kearny Bt.
Sr*— Delicacy store; Western Addition.
A. BTENBESQ CO.. S35 Market 6t. Phone
Fcltom 1~43.
A— 12C0: NICE little house. 7 rooms; location
beet north Market: owner there 5 years: going
Germany; taunt sell. Etenberg Co.. S25 Market.
?^CO-PARTNER wanted; manufacturing of
staple goods. McLAUGHLJN. 777H Market,
H'U<— CORXEi: grocery and bar; full value; bar-
galn. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market st.
A— JT7'<— SAI>OON; fine resort; 7 rooms; large
trade; tickntfs cause cf eale; good location.
E'acHic Exchange. 1016 Market st.
$20CO— CANDY Ftore. .factory «nd ice-cream
parlor on Market St.. doing large bUElness:
ulckr.fFS cause of sale, raclflc Exchange, 1016
Market st.
BARGAIN— Selling on account of Eastern ln-
t-r«-s;s ; genteel bu*lr>e>=s on Market Et. • clear-
ir.sr 110 r*r day; suitable lady or gentleman;
close Investigation solicited. 213 Examiner bi*j.
1500— OTSTER and chophouse: ladles* rooms-
dally receipts ?20 to t25. BASILE. 3 Eddy st!
J'f.0 WILL I.uy stock, good will, fixtures of
fruit and vegetable store. 773 Waehlntfton
ft.. Oal.lani t
TO Ices*— WaKermfre Helmont Hotel property.
ArDly to GTXt. C. ROSS. Helmar.t,
$400— CORNER grocery and bar: 4 living rooms;
account cf sickness. 1111 Howard; no agents.
DON'T mis*» the tripods end lamps at the
BACKUS STUDIO. 11 Geary; other bargains.
J1SC-0— BARGAIN— tSrocery and bar; good stock*
largp bar trade. Apply 30 Lily ave.
J12t>0— INSIDE route on this paper. Inculre
Cl Sacramento ct. DAPTISTE.
OLD e*tab!ish«-d comer grocery, coal yard
hay and grain business Included, at bargain
tr> the right party; long lease. Apply corner
Fift«<"nth ard Guerrero sts.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc; fine
location; place is entirely covered and con-
tains 2 stalls: rent only <1S; water free -In.
»iu!re WM. 11ENDRICKSON & CO CM Call
building. , •
tZM TO J**00— Partner wanted, Christlrta pre-
ferred; business «=tab.: very desirable, most
profitable; refs. required. Hox 2612. Call.
tCOO— AX old-established blacksmiihlns and
horfsofchf>ein»j business sacrlnced on account of
death of owner. 22 Cortland ave., nr. Mission.
PARTNER wanted in restaurant and dining
room of a large hotel, city: some capital re-
quired. Address box 2C9. Call offlce.
fA1>: PAYING saloon on Blxth Et. Apply al
Wlchman &. Lutgrn's Sli Clay st.
I'ARTNER who understands candy business to
open fctore; city or country. 126 Third Et.
j:7&— RESTAURANT; worth J400; must be eold.
Ir.<?uire Call office.
EALOON. downtown, rear Market St.; rent |C0
t<cr month. Apply 12 First et.
MAKE your own r-rlce — Saloon; good business.
N. W. cor. Harrison and Longton 6ts.
$:$%— FOR SALE— A finely located restaurant;
will clear JSOfl per month; owner has 2 places.
> Inquire »t 1CSS Howard ct.
FAMILY liquor rt ore at invoice value; good
location: lease. 501 Market tt.
NURSERY for sale; Jobs and tools, including
fiorlft. 1724 Central ave.
RARE chance— Very valuable cor. cigar store
fcr eale account leaving city. Box S65L Call.
Al GROCERY and tar; no agents. Box 21S5,
C_U offlce.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE.
26 ROOMS, central, best in any city $1600
31 rooms; Income $225; rent J100 $900
20 rooms; boarders; fine lawn; residence.. $1000
14 rooms; extra good; worth $1500; full.... $700
12 rooms, 2d full: rent $J5: nr. Market $350
14 rooms; very fine and respectable $1325
Several of 8, 9 and 10 rooms; $275 up to $500
Money to loan; 1C3 other houses
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r. 1, nr. Call bldg.
FIRST-CLAFS hotel; central location; Oakland;
£f0 rooms: furnished; rent $100; elevator serv-
ice. A. M. SPECK & CO.. C67 Market Bt.
J12i— FINELY furnished house of 7 rooms and
bath, including piano; going to England cau6«
of sacrifice. Pacific Exchang«. 1C16 Market st.
CAimiAaES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at 532 Mission st.
NEW & Id-bund wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ntrs. work & driving horses, lf.th & Valencia.
SPIfllTUALISM.
TO-NIGHT at S Mme. Marquise. 5 Hyde St.,
holds circle; lGc: readings dally. 10 to 6.
C. MAYO-STEERS. 112H Oak st.; readings, $1;
time limited; phone Howard £27.
AT Friendship Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. Mey-
er; convincing test to-night, 10c; sittings.
GO to Watson, test medium; occult: lucky and
truest. 15S1 Market et.. near Twelfth.
MRS. WEST, trance, test medium and mag-
netic treatment. 1206 Market St., rooms 15-16.
EARLE. 2:0 Ellis st. — Seances Sun. and Wed.;
readings dally; will leave the city June IS.
WYLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium. 330 :
Ellis et.. 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Sundays included.
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; Fitting. $1. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 205 Turk et..
may be consulted on all affairs of life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles; restore lost affec-
tions; unite the separated; satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for circular with
tpecial terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 203 Turk
et.. near Jones.
MME.LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails: has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or-wife;
fe» 2.">c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market st_, bet. 7th and Eth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant, card
rt-ader; born with double veil & second sight:
diagnoses diseases vi-lth life readings: L.. GOc;
G-, $1; palm &. clairvoyant sit.. SI BO. 128 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;
pest, present, future; 25c. 14S Sixth st.. r. 14.
MME. RENNER. planet reader, palmist; ladles
only: 25c and bOc. SIS'.i Geary. Saratoga court.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; best advice. 823
MlEJicn St.. near 4th. rm. 3; 25c up; ring bell.
MME. Z.EREDA of 5 Seventh St.". original gypsy
life reader; readings. 25c; no sign.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try; truth, or no pay; 25c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
j sittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
; MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
'¦ advice; names given: 25c up, 5 Fourth et.
', MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture: 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 355-3:7 Tehama St.; tel. S. 4a
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
342-314 McAllister fit.; phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 143 14th st-: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. SS-43 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4,'J Stevenson St., tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTOX'S, 3 Eighth St. ; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter tt.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIX'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lef=s successful. Room 310. S27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
j ?G— COTTAGE, 5 rooms; Holly Park, 23 Roseoe
1 Ft.; water free. Apply 64 Silver St.. off Third.
DE.NTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
Ket et. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
•without plates cur specialty: gold crowns,
$3 SO up: plates extractions free. $4 50 up; of.
flee hours !• a. m. to 19 p. m. ; Sundays, 3 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, n/. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
" made; old plates made over like new; teet—
from JS per set; extracting. DOc; gas gl\-en.
GET our prices for painless dentistry before
going elsewhere. NEW YORK DENTAL
PAULOR. SlTth and Mission sts.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 OTarrell St., on
vacation from June 13 until July 1.
VAN VP.OOM— "Painless" ; ever-ln?* and San-
days. 1001 Market gt.. corner Sixth.
PARIS I.>ental Parlor. 233 Kearny, cor. Bush —
F"ull set of teeth. *4; crowns. $3; fillings, ICc.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk ft.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CRTEELrS C. P. dog soap creates a
Emooth. eliky coat; for sale by all druggists
cr Ht the hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.
DR. niTZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore —
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50: all
, animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
MeDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT. 530 Sutter et., dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles* Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary st. ; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
THE Pacific Coast Regular College of Medi-
cine. San Francisco. Howard street, between
1 Fourth and Fifth streets (Incorporated under
the laws of California), will open its regular
course June 15. All lectures will be delivered
in the evening.
Daily clinic-*!, free for the poor, will be held
In the college building from 3 a. m. to 8:30
p. m.
For rartlculars address THE DEAN OF
THE MEDICAL COLLEGE, at the building.
US Howard Et.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
'AYRES', the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket Rt.; life scholarship. $50; includes short-
hand, typlng.bookkeeplng, pen art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln St.;
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date: all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN' PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mail: ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best eytlsm." M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgmy.
•-€. F. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session
begins June 11; catalogue upon application.
M. L. PANCOAST. Secretary. 510 Golden Gate.
IIEALD'R BTTSINESS COLLEGE, '24 Post St.,
E. F. ; founded 18C3; SO-pace catalogue free.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladies and gentlemen. O. Sinz. 36 Geary, r. 34.
LAW schools. 027 Market, S. F., and 903 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
OALLAGHER-TAKR United School of Experts;
ehorthand; bookkeeping. Parrott big.; cat' log.
PKOF. MERKI. successful teacher of mandolin,
violin and guitar. 1008 Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 414 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.: day orove.; 15 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. €th.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, IS pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. - '
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; citabl. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. Otflce— Best help
J furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay S6.
ORliiEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chl-
ne»e help. <26 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn. ; tpl. John I12L SOC'/i Stockton.
CHINESE and 'Japanese Employment Office-
Best help, {lift O'Farrell «*-: teL Eaet 428. .
E3IPLOYMENT WASTED. — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook. Just from Los
Angeles understands - all kinds of cooking,
wishes situation in first-class family. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter Et.
HOUSEKEEPER by neat, reliable elderly
woman; the care of children, cooking and en-
tire work of small family; references; wages
moderate. Box 26S0, Call offlce.
WOMAN wishes situation to do upstairs work
or light housework In small family. Box
2675. Call offlce. -
A DRESSMAKER. $160 day: good fitter and
cutter; quick worker. 4441 Twentieth St., near
Eureka. ~~ ¦. ]
A GOOD, competent woman wishes work bythe
day to do washing or cleaning. Call at 2<0
Minna st.. below Fourth. j
A COMPETENT and experienced nurse wishes
nursing by week or month; call for two days.
942 Howard st. ___
LADY of refinement would like a noslt'on as
lady's maid or companion. Box 2676. Call.
JAPANESE young girl wants situation to help
cook or do housework In city. /H.. US Lddy.
AN experienced 'and compeiefTt ladles' nurse
wishes a few more engagements; references.
SC66 Twentlet?i st. \ \
YOUNG lady wants situation to do second work
cr general housework where the lady would
assist with cooking. Call or addrees 25A SU-
ver Bt
AN exr>erlenced infant's or Invalid's nurse de-
sires situation In good family: Is willing to do
eowlog. Address box 2636. Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 2C0 rooms: 25c to $1 CO night: $1 60 to $t
week: convenient and respectable; free- bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements aikd
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Cnll branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, desires work
in private family; thorough experience;
strictly sober; uses no tobacco; not afraid of
work; undeniable references. Address II.. £69
Mission st.
SITUATION wanted aa agent or collector; very
well acquainted In city; can give good refer-
ences, and, if necessary, security. Box 2679,
Call offlce. ..
YOUNG man with university education and the
best of references desires employment. Ad-
dress T. B-, box 26S1, Call office.
GOOD experienced cook wishes position In
lunch house. 240 Sutter st.. room 12.
SITUATION wanted by a man ns gardener,
hostler or to do general work around place;
city or country; reference. Box 4400, Call.
BLACKSMITH helper grants steady work In
_ehop where there Is no horse, shoeing; city or
country. . Box 2541. Call office.
PAINTER, paper hanger and decorator, flrst-
class, quick mechanic, with complete outfit,
will work reasonable; city or country; day or
Job. PAINTER. 966 Foleom st.
RELIABLE young man, 24 years, wishes posi-
tion as assistant bookkeeper or general assist-
ant with established firm; reference from late
employer. Address box 1763. Call offlce.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener wants
situation; sober and industrious: can milk;
best references. Address P. LUND, 360 Sev-
enth st., Oakland.
COACHMAN and general man; experienced In
care of horses, carriages, garden, etc.; refer-
ences. Address A. R.. 1104 San Pablo ave..
Oakland. '
TRUSTWORTHY, middle-aged German wishes
to learn bartending; references given. Box
263S. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia «t. ¦ '
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
107H6 Market st.— Examinations free: German
eye water by mail. E'Oc. Phone Mint 237. f
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician, 910 Mkt.'
FINANCIAL. .
BOND redemDtion. — To whom.lt may concern:
Jn accordance with law notice Is hereby given
the State of Utah, successor to the Terri-
tory of Utah, that' on July 2. 1900, it will,
when properly audited by the State Auditor
and duly presented at the office of the State
Treasurer of the State of Utah, pay In full
principal and Interest accrued to that date,
on the following described bonds: The entire
Usue of three hundred negotiable Coupon
Bonds of the Territory of Utah. Said bond*
are dated July first, 1890. and payable twenty^
years from date or any time after the explra-
\ tion of ten. years from their date at the op-
tlon of the makers. The said bonds are num-
bered from one to three hundred, both inclu-
sive. The amount of money In the hands of
the undersigned State Treasurer available for
the, purpose of paying the principal is three
hundred thousand dollars and sufficient to
pay the accrued Interest to July second, 1900,
/ and any and all of said bonds not so pre-
sented for payment on the second day of July,
1900, will cease to draw interest from and
after that date, and such funds shall remain
In the State Treasury to discharge such bonds
whenever presented.
All persons interested In said bonds will
tako due notice hereof and govern them-
eelves accordlnRly.
(Signed) JAMES CHIPMAN.
State Treasurer of the State of Utah.
r>ated .Tnn» first. 1900.
FLATS TO LET. "
A— S-ROOM flat: corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; lEt floor. 417V4 Third.
ALL br)ght flats, 4 and 6 rooms, bath. 1043
ar.d 1044 Sacramento tt., below Mason.
ELEGANT flat; 3 large rooms and bath; all
latest improvements: key 713 Grove st.
ELLIS, 741B — Modern lower 7-room flat, and 42
Willow ave., corner Polk, 6-room sunny cot-
tage; only $20 each.
1103 HOWARD— Upper part of house; sunny; 6
rooms and hot and cold water.
HAYES, 365— Six rooma and bath; $20.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
frcm BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN lower flat, 4 rooms and bath. 1369
Vallejo St.: rent $13.
NEW modern sunny flats; bath, yard, base-
ment; 6 and 7 rooms; reas. if 31-1335 O'Farrell.
SMALL flat for rent; furniture for sale; cheap.
212 Van Nes« ave.
SUNNY upper flat; 8 rooms; bath; all sunny;
rent $25. Cor. Broadway and Larkln st.
THREE new flats, 7 rooms and bath; 1325 Mc-
Allister St.; rent reduced. Anply G. H. UMB-
SEN & CO., 14 Montcomery st.
2 OR 3 gentlemen or ladles to share expenses
of a modern, S-room, 6unny flat; beautifully
furnished. Box 2672. Call offlce. ¦ .¦
FCftXITUftfc roft SALE.
FOR eale— Furniture of 4 rooms, 2131 Market
Bt., to private party.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 SO. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FtnNITUUE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3253.
I1ELP WASTED- FEMALE.
cT"rT"hANSE>T & CO. ..™?Phone Gran^lS
HOTELT* DEPARTMENT..
Head waitress, $25; 2 waitresses, city, $20; 3
waitresses, same resort, $20; waitress,- Blue
Lakes, $2.", fare one way, see party here; &
waitresses, commercial hotels, $20;. restaurant
waitress, J7; 2 lunch waitresses, $4 week;
cook, small resort, $30; cook, email resort,
$25, fare paid, Bee party here; fancy lroner,
$25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Neat young girl to take care of 2 children
and do plain sowing, a good home, kind treat-
ment, $15, no offlce fee; second girl for Ross
Valley, $20, see party here; ranch cook. Sul-
sun, $25 and fare paid; 2 nurse girls, $20 and
,-$lu: woman for cooking In home kitchen. $2u;
25 house girls, city and country. C. R, IIAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt. s*
WANTED— Nursegirl, $25; cook, private fam-
ily, country, $35; cook, private •¦¦ family,
city, $30: man and wife for ranch, short dis-
tance, $40; man and wife for country, $30,
easy place; 1 2 Ir&ners.for laundry, city, $23;
second girl and seamstress, city, $25;, second
1 girl, city, $20; 2 waitresses, resorts, $20; /a
number of chambermaids to wait 1 meal, city,
$20; a great rfhmbcr of girls for general house-
work, city and country, $23 and $30. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter St.
A WOMAN with a child to cook for men, $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. ¦
SECOND girl, small family, $20: number of
girls, good wages. MRS. ' CATTELL, - C23
Eighth et.. Oakland.
WANTED— Plain, honest young woman as
housekeeper and care for two children; state
wages. . Box_27S3. Coll offlce. Oakland.
WANTED — German girl, general . housework;
good cook; small family; good. wages. -843
Fulton st. : ,
WANTED— Young' girl to assist in kitchen and
take care of 2 little girls; good home. 330
- Eddy at. ¦¦-.¦.- " - .-•....¦.
GIRL for general housework; good cook; refer-
ences. Call 2203 Van Ness ave., bet. 1 and
8 p. m. ,
HOUSES WASTED.
"WANTED— House of about 8 rooms and bath,
situated between Mason and Larkln. Turk
and Geary sts.; must be cheap for cash: no
agents. Room 603. Examiner building.
SUBURBAN RESIDENCES.
MENLO Park— Rent reasonable; to lease for 2
years or more: 8 acres; new house; partly
furnished; 13 large rooms: hard- wood floors;
servants' cottage; outbuildings, orchard, gar-
den, etc.; 2 wells and city water; 10 minutes'
drive from railroad station. Address MRS.
BOWIE. Menlo Park.
LOST AXD FOUSD.
LOST— Black and tan curly coated retriever
from 1S15 Kddy st. $10 reward for his return
to E. W. BRIGGS, Chronicle building.
LOST— Dental engine hand piece, on Mission
et. Return DR. ASAY, college on Fourteenth
stt; reward.
E*OUND— This week, a purse containing money;
owner may, have by paying expense and prov-
ing property. W. H. Humphrey. 70S Call bldg.
LOST— Frultvale to S. F., 10 a. m.. June 11.
black-beaded silk purse with gold and stiver;
reward. MRS. L. ALBRECHT. Frultvale.
LOST— A hay-roller, neighborhood Brannan and
Sixth sts. Return to 1762 Ellis st; liberal re-
ward. _*> .
LOST— In vicinity of Twenty-sixth and Harri-
son sts., a parrot. Return to 31C5 Twenty-
sixth st. and receive reward.
A "WEEK'S news for C cents— The Weekly Ca>L
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. II per year.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery- Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlce furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. abova
Sixth; write for catalogue.
BEAUTIFUL pair of Shetland ponies; also
single driver; harness and cart. 1074 East
Twenty- first St.. Oakland.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
533 Market st., San Francisco.
FOR sale — l-2Oth part of schooner: provisioned
for 8 months; navigator preferred: make offer
right away. Address box 2S73. Call offlce.
FOR SALE— Schooner, about 12 tons; four years
old; very cheap. J. HIATT, 7S3 Mission st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
THOROUGHBRED Spitz pup; male. Apply
727 Franklin st.
NEW 20-llght T. and II. arc light dynamo with
regulator, complete. "WHITE, 518 Mission st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: rheap. 42 Main st.
A FINE suit, $10; dress pants. $2 75. .MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st ¦
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $2 SO.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model:
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flro and burg-
lar proof safe. 218 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES — New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. lOP-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided sticker* 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
"WANTED— Irish setter bitch: must be well
bred. Add., with particulars, box 2660. CalL
$20 ALLOWED on old sewing machines for
new. Address box 319S. Call offlce.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash, ir. L. WH1TEHEAD. 710 Market st.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DRT^COHLTonty reliable ladles' special-
ist of long and successful practice. Guaran-
teed treatment at offlce, |5; home In confine-
ment: best care; consultation free and con-
fidential. 466 Eddy st.. bet. Leavenworth and
Hyde; hours 9 to 3 and 7 to 8, Sundays 10 to 4.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies" specialist; safe and reliable; haa prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home: consultation free. "Write or call at
1023M. Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
has returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice in S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1C07H Market st.. near 6th.
r
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 2S yrs."
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
office, $3; any aliment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Pest st., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market; ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated; late sci-
entific methods; treatment. $5.
Y. S.— DR. WISE & CO., the ladies' specialist*.,
1118 Market St.; every case guaranteed; $3 uy.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reason-
able. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR. "WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MOSEV TO LOAX.
HEIRS to unsettled estates in~probate can~re-
celve cash at once; also first or second mort-
gage loans on real estate, furniture and
pianos; no removal; prompt dealing: no
charge unless loan Is granted. EQUITABLE
LOAX CO.. room 603. Examiner buttdlng.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; life insurance. Room 16, first
floor. Chronicle big.. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond?. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
st ; tel. Main 1844. Branch 19 Third st.
LOANS made on furnUure at 1H per cent: also
loans to salaried people. HARSHBARGER,
323 Ellis St., room 34.
ON real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount*
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny, room 9, respectable private
p'.aee to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone r>avls 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal ; quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
68 and 63. Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
H. MURPHY, 630 Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Exchange, 431 Calif!
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tolteley Co.. 321 Parrot big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL, COO Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. US McAllister.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
R.F. Discount Agency. building.
MONEY WANTED. ~
WANTED — $1500 on, choice suburban tract; 12
per cent. Address box 26g?. Call office.
KUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS!' BARGAINS!!! ~
$125. »175. $200. ,?230.
BUY NOW— DON'T WAIT.
MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
PACKARD PIANOS and ORGANS.
. Latest Improvements; Finest Tone.
Most Beautiful Cases. Fair Prices.
MAUVAIS' MUSIC CO., 763 Market St.
PAYMENTS accepted for all kinds of Musical
Instruments/If you don't want to pay cash,
at.. MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st. '
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
• west of Chics-go is KOIILER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st,'; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing rtpeslble done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A BEAUTIFUL upright piano; high grade;
elegant case; rich tone; used a few months;
, must be sold immediately; . $160. Room 21,
Flood building. ¦
AN upright, good condition. $83: Decker Bros.'
ba^by grand, a snap. $250. BENJ. CURTAZ &
... SON, 18 O'Farrell st.: Chlckerlng, Steck.
" Vose. Sterling and Curtaa Piano*.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AsTwe" represent the best make cf plano« la
every grade, from Eteinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pa>-
ments are easier than those of other dealer^
we are the people from whom you should
purchase: new upright pianos. $6 cash. $6 pet
month: other pianos $3. $4 an* *> P^^f. 1 "*-
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealer*
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Franctscoj
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
BARGAINS— A few pianos will be sold thi»
week for storage; offers wanted (cash or in-
stallments). Wilson's Storage Co.. 1710 Mrkt.
FOR sale— Violin; Magglnl; good tone; cheap.
25C3^i Mission st. "
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 308 Post st.
STEINWAY upright. $W5; Installments, p. $5.
$10; rents $2 up. HEINE'S. 136 E1113 St.
FINE Krell upright piano at a great bargain.
STATHAM. 1C6 McAllister st.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos. $5 payments;
for rent. $2 up. BRUENN. 2C3 Post st.
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. PCHMITZt 1«
McAllister st.. next Hlbernia Bank.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis planosr
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
rxjetaze paid.
OFFICES AXD STORES— TO LET.
$10 FOR half cf offlce: third floor: prominent
offlce building. Box 2S43. Call offlcl.
$55— LARGE store; 25 Sixth st. Apply on
premises.
LARGE stores and sunny offices near Hall of
Justlca. Court block. fiABIN. 413 Kearny »t.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neer-raard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry; reads 1 to S. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
H. JEROME FOS3ELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary A Post: phone Block 5(1.
PASTUnAGE.
30O TO 500 acres green pasture, clover and wild
trasses mixed, for horses or cattle. For
terms apply A.- B. FULLER. Antloch. C-l.
PERSONALS.
LEDERER. the up-to-date hairdresser.
Has elegantly refitted his parlors.
It's now the neatest place In town.
Hairdressln*-- only 25c. though.
Quintonica hair tonic. 35c bott:&.
Foarao Shampoo. 5c package.
Indispensable articles. 123 Stockton at,
PARALYSIS positively cured, also nervous,
skin and lung diseases, rheumatism, ossifica-
tion and stiff joints; no drugs; no knife. DR.
L. J. STRATTON, 507-309 Parrott bldg., over
Emporium, San Francisco; consultation free.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third at., near Market: 700 rooms;
23c to $1 SO per night; $1 50 to $S per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ACADEMY for the NEW SCIENCE OF HEAL-
ING; all diseases are curable: 1 WITHOUT
DRUGS. WITHOUT OPERATIONS: consulU-
tlon free. DR. WM. SCHMITT. 527 Post «t.
A FREE shampoo & treatment for falling hair
and dandruff with each 60c bottle of New Dis-
covery Hair Tonic; agents wanted. IIS Eddy.
USB Llllis Webb's soap, made from California
olive oils, roots and herbs; 10c at druggists;
agents wanted. 110 Stevenson, bet. 9 & 10 a.m.
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMO3. 1117 Market st.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
DANIEL CROWLEY. Plma Co.. Arts.— To your
advantage to address I. E. JARRETT, Law-
yer, Hearst building.
$1 60 MISSES' kid shoes for 50c a pair at TH3
BEE HIVE SHOE CO.. 717 Market, nr. Third.
FULL-DRESS and other suits bought: also old
gold. Portland Loan Offlce, 25 Stockton st.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by uslngr Tal-
cotfs Curling Fluid; 25c bottle; druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 50*5 Kearny st. *
MIS3 SHELDON, chiropodist and maametlc
treatment. 850 Market st., second floor, rm. ii.
O. D. MORSE, photographer. 260« Pacific av»..
between Pierce and Scott; phone Stelner 3331.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought ami
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom. tel. Folsom 1131.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address la th«
United States or Canada one year for IL
postare paid.
PnOTOGRAPniC SUPPLIES.
"WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backus
studio, 11 Geary st.. ground and top floors.
PHYSICIANS AXD SUUGEOXS.
DR. C C.b*DONNELL— Office 'and residence."
10?W Market St.. bet. Sixth and Sg-rentn.
HEAL SSTATE—CITY— FOB SALE.
$2700— A BARGAIN.
Cottage. & rooms and bath: In Mission: nearly
new; fine location; high basement: beautiful
garden; sunny side of street; near 2 car lines;
unobstructed view; cost $3600. Box 2557, CalL
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices: plans and estimate* furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission »t.
EAST Park St.. Holly Park: lot, level. 23x10%
$275. MERCER. 412 Pine st.
A SNAP— I12S: lots near school. r.xl23. Apply
TH1STLETQX. 273 Sadowa St.. Ocean View.
REAL ESTATE — CoFxTRY — For Sale
FOR sale— Salinas: house with corner lot 60 feet
front on Main street by 130 feet deep; black-
smith shop, new windmill and tank; well
fenced: would qualify for saloon also; price
$730: if desired $2.*0 on mortgage at 10 per
cent. Inquire at old brewery. Hsnry Schlnkel.
9 LOTS In thickly settled neighborhood; leased
for $25: price reduced to J1000; party leaving.
Box 2677. Call offlce.
$3M— HALF cash 14 acres, rich. 3 miles of town;
house, barn. wood, water, corn, orchard, pota-
toes: big crop. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
FOR SALE— Good-paying investment; country
hotel: rented at $£•>. For particulars apply at
southwest corner Eddy and Taylor sts.
LEVEL cleared fruit land; 100 acres $25C0. M.
GRIFFIN. 713 Market, room L nr. Call bldg.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market— 120 acres cheap: po-
tatoefi. apples, berries, wood, water, house.
11OO.MS FOR HOUSEKEEPI.YG.
BUSH. 2^26—2 sunny front rooiB3 furnished for
light housekeeping: adults only.
CHESTNUT. 23s! North Beach — FurnlshecK
housekeeping room; cheap; fine view; sunny.
EIGHTH. 3*B. nr. Market— Sunny front alcove
rr.om or two connected parlors with regular
kitchen; furn. hskpng: bath, private family.
EDDY. 917— Very desirable furnt?hed house-
keeping rooro«; no children: private residence.
FELL. US— Two sunny housekeeping rooms. $lt»;
single front room. |5; adults.
$3— FRONT and back parlor; also single front
room. $4; private family. 220 Fifth st.
FOLSOM. KS— Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; hot and cold water; range.
FOLSOM. 776H— 2 neatly furnished connecting
housekeeping rooms; also 1 single room.
FULTON. 1206, near Scott-3 sunny unfurnished
rooms: bath; laundry; reasonable.
GROVE.- 104— Nicely furnished sunny bay-wln-
dew rooms for housekeeping; also single
ones; moderate rates: central.
HARRISON. 731-3 rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeplngjjarge yard; rent fli.
HARRISON. 946— Furnlshej. rooms for house-
keeping; also einsle roomW
HOWARD. KO— A front room and kitchen, fur-
nished for housekeeping.
wirkfT 133S bet. 8th and 8th— Sunny front
c^r.r^oms; water, range; rent 112 50. >15.
OAK 11!*— Sunny front i»om._ furnished for
housekeeping; clean: see It; $5. ._
OCTAVIA 1403. cor Geary— Large sunny fur-
nished bay-window room; mantel gas burner;
housekeeping. '
prFRCE 915. near McAllister— Nicely furnished
rooms "suitable for light housekeeping; use of
piano; parlor; phone: private family.
PROSPECT place. 123. off California, nr. Pow-
ell— 1 or 2 rooms and kitchen. $10 to $13; ma-
rine view; sunny; no other roomers.
SIXTH. 420— Bay-window housekeeping" suite.
til; running water, bath; other rooms.
SUTTr.R 823— Elerant suites; sunny rooms for
gentlemen; alio other rooma.
TEHAMA. 44— Two front housekeeping rooms.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores^ — 3 sunny
bay-window rooms: nice, neat, complete.
"WEBSTER. 711—2 or 3 large sunny unfurnished
or partly furnished rooms for housekeeping.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia st. .>
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore «t.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly-
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In tha
' United States or, Canada cne ye_r for U.
pottage said.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 104 GEARY ST.
209 teamsters and laborers for the Coast
read, $2 a day Free Fare
100 laborers for S. P. Company work, for
track gang, ballasting and rock quarry.
Santa Barbara and Los Angeles counties, $2
a day ....Free Fare
20 four-horse teamsters for Los Angeles and
Santa Barbara divisions, (2 23 a day. Free
Fare
150 woodchoppers, pine and cedar. $1 25 a
cord, see boss here, 4-foot wood; 4 spooltend-
ers, $45; 3 Jackscrewers, $40; 3 barkers, $35;
30 laborers for tha woods, $30; 20 laborers for
railroad in the woods, $26
Brick setter, country, $50 and board; 3
blacksmiths, $35 and $40; 2 helpers, $30; ma-
chinist, sawmill; wheelwright, $3 a day......
Blacksmith's helper, railroad camp. $2 25 a
day. Free Fare
2 men and wives, private places, $35 and $45;
stableman, springs, $30; 20 farmers, different
ranches, $25, $1 and $1 25 a day and board: 6
milkers, $25. $30 and $35: 100 teamsters and
laborers for a new dam. $2 a day, board $1 50
b. week; 20 quoxrymen, $2 25 a day; 10 miners,
$2 CO a day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker and pastry cook, country, $£0; second
cook, city, $75; 10 cooks, city and country,
$35 and $40; third cook, country hotel. $35: 2
second bakers, hotels $27 50 -and $30; 10 dish-
washers and kitchen hands, city and country.
$25 and $30
Waiter, springs, $25; 6 waiters, different
country hotels, $30 and $25: German waiter,
country hotel. $30
Laundrymen and wife for springs; lroner,
Tyler machine, $15 a week; 6 ironers, coun-
try. $30
Janitor with good references; $50;. night por-
ter, country hotel, $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st. _^
AMERICAN family hotel cook, good wages;
cook and dishwasher, country boarding house,
$40 and $15; cook, country hotel, $45; restau-
rant waiter, country, $30; hotel waiters,
country, $25 and $30; dishwashers, porters,
family hotel. $20. and many others. J. F.
CROSETT Agency, 628 Sacramento st.
COACHMAN and gardener, country, $25; chore-
man and milker for resort, $25; 4 men and
wives, $35. $40 and $50; cheesemaker, $35; t>
milkers, $30; 3 drivers for milk wagons. $25
and $35 and board; farmers, $23 and $30; team-
sters, $1 day and $30 and board; 100 laborers
for mill and woods and road work, $30 and
$35 and $1 dav and board; 10 laborers for brick
yard, $30 and board, and many others. J. F.
- CROSETT Agency, 62S Sacramento st.
2 WASHERS and starchers, $30 and $35 and
found; machine man for planing mill, $3 day;
machinist for mine, $3 day; machinist for
•mine. $3 day; machinist for sawmill, $50 and
board: 2 wheelwrights. $2 50 day and $30 and
board; 4 blacksmiths, 12 day and board and
$3 to $4 day; carpenters for ranch. $2 day and
board; carriage painter for country, black-
smith helpers and other mechanics. J. F.
CROSETT Agency, 62S Sacramento st.
COOK and helper, mining town. $C5: fare here;
good place. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
A— TWO teamsters, country, $30 each; dalry-
man, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie la2.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; 65 per cent
or $4 guaranteed. 108 Fourth st.
BARBER, steady for two weeks, on wages. 83
Third st. ,
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday;
$5. 413 Broadway. -
WANTED— Good barber for Saturday and Sun-
day. steady. 629' Union st., near Powell.
GOOD barber wanted; good wages; steady Job.
1405 Polk st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday. 797 Mls-
slon st. . ¦
FOR sale— Barber shop; I60 and 25c. Twenty-
flrst and Mission sts.: call. ¦
BARBER3; 3-chalr shop for sale; must sell at
\ once. 215 O'Farrell st. '
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 713 Market st. ______.'
FIRST-CLASS coat pressers wanted at m!
S1MONOFF-S 1233 Market .St.; good pay.
CUTTER and all-round tailor for country. Call
at room CO. Flood building. . ¦
BOY for offlce work; age 16 to 19. Apply box
2674, Call office. -
BOY wanted to learn tinners' trade. WIESTER
& CO., 22 Second St.
WANTED— Boy : for printing offlce: give age,
wages and experience. Box 2678. Call offlce.
COOK wanted , for saloon, corner Beale and
; Bryant sts. ; <?^J1 early. , ¦
- " ¦ .
WANTED— Vegetable man. 119 Stockton st.
DISHWASHER and waiter wanted at 363
Hayes st. A .'. '¦' . ¦
WANTED— A third hand qn bread: $30, board
and lodging. 2803 Twenty- fourth |t. _
WANTED— A good, sober night kitchen man
¦at 304 Mason St.; wages $6 a week.
WANTETD— A waiter at Golden West Hotel, 63
EUla St. ¦¦-.::- .. ¦
WANTED— A good dishwasher. 106 Second st.
STEADY waiter; also lunch waiter. 600 Twen-
; tleth st.,-Potrero. V ' '
CHIEF cook; must have first-class references.
t Box 2633, Call.
WANTED— Experienced man to bottle whisky
: on piece work; state reference. Box 14. Call.
GET. your shoes half-soled while waiting, 25c to
, 60c. -662 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. '¦
WANTED— Young men to learn Jewelry.trade.
' 1201 Market »t. V
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Blacksmith and sharpen drills for
mine, $75 and found
2 milkers, near city ?32 50 and $30
young man to drive delivery; experience In
grocery preferred .'
4 laborers, rock crusher... i.... $25 and found
6 laborers, brickyard $30 and found
young German for saloon, country $35
6lngle-handed miners $2 60 a day
2 blacksmith helpers $30 and found
cook, hotel, city $35
5 laborers around mine $1 75 a day
helper in bakery, country $30 and found
£0 farmers $26 and $30
W. D. EWER. 610 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
. 19 blacksmiths and horseshoers, 12 60 day. JEO
$70, $45, $35 and found; also 5 helpers. $12 a
week. $35 and found; 5 woodworkers, carriage-
makers, $3. $2 CO day, $40 and found, $60 and
found; carriage and wagon painter, $40 and
found; cooper to make butter kegs
8. P. R. R... DIFFERENT DIVISIONS
Free Fare : Offlce Fe« $1
8ectlon and reconstruction and new work la-
borers. You'll suit. Regular wages
CO laborers, S. P. R. R. $2 day. free fare
SPECIAL NOTICE. ..MINES. ..BIG WAGES
35 laborers for mines, no experience required,
you'll suit. $40 to $4S per month and found; 29
miners, single hand $90 and $75
CROWDS GOING TO GOLD MINES
;...FOR A NEW MINE
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 50. $34. and
found t 6 men and wives for ranches. $40. $35,
$30 and found
....READ THESE CAREFULLY
£65 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco. $3,
$2 60. $2, $1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board
borne
For other positions come down and read
bill beards.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— COOKS BAKERS WAITERS
First and second baker, country shop, $50 and
$35 and found, fare paid; man and wife as
waiter and., chambermaid, country hotel, $45
and found •
5 butchers, $35 to $50: 8 bakers, city and coun-
try shops. $40 and $30; 35 cooks, restaurants,
hotels and boarding-houses, ranches, etc.. $35
to $60 and found; waiters, city and country
hotels and resorts... :...
$25, $3C and $35 and found
Washers, country laundry $30 and found
Barber to run country shop
Porters, elevator boys. etc. ; 4 bakers" help-
ers $30 $35. $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Et.
A— COOPER. $3 day; woodworker, $2 50 day; 6
laborers for mine company, fare 50c, $50 and
found; 12 single hand miners, fare S2 50, $60
and found
....Coal miners hard rock miners drill-
ers.... rockmen. hammersraen, $2 25 day....
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— $3 CO DAY HAY BALERS $3 50 DAY
Tailors (see boss here)
3 coatmakers, country
3 pantsmakers, country
MARRIED HELP
Cook and wife, small hotel, mining town......
$50 and found
First, second bakers, country shops. $50. $35
and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper and stenographer.
Remington machine ....$30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— CHOREMAN and wife. Mill Co., $55 and
found : strong man for meat warehouse, $2 25
day; berry pickers, piece work, can make good
wages. MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay.
A CLERK for our office; young maif^lS to 23
years of age: apply to-day after 4 p. zn.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
RELIABLE young man for grocery store and
take care of horses: no postals. B. K.
TRUELSEN, Golden Gate. Oakland.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
4 inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Offlce. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal., or
630 K St., Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— Tailor on coats: steady work: also
pressman. 135V£ Natoma, nr. New Montgomery-
MAN or boy to do Janitor work for tuition at
Ran Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard at.
STRONG boy ns dishwasher; good wages. 413
Fourteenth st., Oakland. \
WANTED— 2 and 4 horse teamsters; apply
early Monday at 527 14th St.. near Guerrero.
¦ San Francisco Construction Company.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special Inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trade:
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free. HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. €35
Clay st. . / '
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third si. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. G62 Mission St., bet l»L and 2d sts.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 23 Steuart.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL. lawyer; 16
-*¦". ' years*, practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
• ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to ar.d from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia M. .
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40. HORSES, for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth st.; auction salss every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlere or
business at CANTY'S, 2170 Market st. ; Castro-
st. cars pass the door. •
FINE light team, suitable for grocery, or
camping. , cheap, - at ; 1715 Sacramento st. ¦
CARLOAD young horses, weighing 1200 to 1500.
J. D. FORRESTER, salesman. 1C36 Mission.
HORSES— Young, well broken, fcr all purposes,
cheap: best in city. 721 Howard st.. nr. Third.
FOR rale — 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
, ZIEL.- Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ava.
nOUSES TO LET. ~
A— PRINTED list-: houses to let; send for cir-
cular, a.' H. UMBPEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
DOUSES" TO LET— FUttXISHED.
$35— ELEGANT furnished house; piano: 5
. rooms- modern. GEO. W.' H. PATTERSON
6 CO..'17CW Market st-
BELVEDERE— Furnished house. Apply room
, £3, ' Chronicle bldg.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY' & READY....... PHONE MAIN 5343
Leading " Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
7263 men for all parts of California. Utah,
Washington, Arizona and Hawaiian Islands,
Oregon, Nevada and British Columbia
Free fare and offlce fee Only $1
and no other expenses to Los Angeles and
Santa Barbara districts; we ship you to-day.
9 a, m. and 5:30 p. m., for S. P. R. R-; la-
borers, teamsters $2 and $2 25 a day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— LOOK... HERE ....ANY.... HANDY... MEN
Can nil this Job; 25 laborers, handy with tools,
to build flume, $30 u> $40 and found; no tools
needed; company supplies tools.
1.. SPKCIAL
10 laborers, no experience required, for the
sawmills and woods. $40 and found; fare paid.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— FREE FARE. CALL EARLY i
Dunsmulr division, free fare..........
Shasta division, free tare
To Salt Lo>j city, Utah division Fre«
Wadsworth, Nevada division Free
Sacramento. California division Free
Western. Fresno, Madera, Bakersfleld di-
vision ., Free
Truckee division of California Free
All coast divisions of California Free
Laborers, teamsters, etc.; regular wages paid
Offlce fee $1 Free fare
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— FOR A BANK SYNDICATE. .YOU'LL SUIT
25 men or strong boys to work in a large or-
chard and vineyard and farm, to pick fruits,
work in packing and drying houses, help to
dig small trenches so -water can run down be-
tween vines, etc.; wages $26 per month and
found ; a steady Job year round if you are
willing to do the work; general manager will
teach you
„.. ALSO
- Harness-makers, shoemakers; boys to peddlo
fruits, $15 to $30 and found; 4 boys to work
in a factory, $3 to $5 a week.
. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— FREE FARE NEW RAILROAD
Teamsters $2 day
Rockmen $2 day
Laborers V. , $2 day
20 rock drillers '. $2 day.
Free Fare Offlce Fee $1 only
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE
to 35 Sawmills, etc
.".'. x .No Experience Wanted
£63 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines; wages from $28 to $40 per
month and found
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers. $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers. band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen, In
fact, we want help of every description for
•sawmills, woods, etc.. $80, $75. $30, $120, $60r
$50, $19, $30 and found; BS4 woodchoppers. tle-
nnakers. tools and food found? some at mines,
*3. *2 60, $2, %1 50. *1 and 75c cord; shingle
Joiner, shingle packer; 25 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare paid, $40 and found •
..HAYMAKING AND HARVEST CREWS..
Header wagon drivers. $2 a day and found;
2S2 men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work
In fields, header men, etc.. $1 25. $1 50. $2 day
and found. COME AND SEE !
....STABLES, VINEYARDS, ORCHARDS.... :
GARDENS
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $10, $35,
$30, {25 and found
129 vineyard and orchard hands. $33. $30. $20
and found; 5 gardeners. 1 stableman all for
private families. $30, $25, $20 and found. COME
BEE
DAIRIES, CHEESE FACTORIES V
39 milkers for different places. $35, $30 and
found; 5 butter-makers and run separators,
boss here, $35 and found; "6 cheesemakers,
different Jobs, $35 and $40 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-63C Clay st.
HELP WANTED— FEMAUS.
•WANTED— 200 women and girls to work on
fruit. Apply immediately U. S. FRUIT
PACKING CO..- Harrison ave., between Sev-
enth and Eighth sts:, off Folsom. \
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at Levl
Strauss & Co.'s factory, 32V4 Fremont st. ; no
experience necessary; good wagpe. Apply to
J. W. DAVIS, manager.
OPERATORS and finishers on custom coats
and pants. 106 Battery st.
HAIRDRESSER wanted; also apprentice; paid
while learning. COSGROVE'S, 1416 Polk st.
GIRL for housework; 2 In family; $12. 695
Bush Bt.
WANTED-K3irl between' 23 and 35 years; gen-
eral housework; wages $20. 1171 Bush st.
WANTED— Woman to do light housework at
Mill Valley. Call to-day. 28 Hill St.. city.
WANTED— .Waitress. Hotel Repelier, 781 Sut-
ter st.
GOOD cook and general housework; wagea $10;
2 In family. 1274 Ellis st.
GIRL to assist housework; $12; sleep home;
carfare extra. 1108 Fulton st.
WAITRESS wanted; plain work and no Sun-
day work.' S06 Howard St., near First.
YOUNG girl or woman to assist at housework.
220 Van Ness ave.; $10.
NEAT girl for gtneral housework; good cook;
wages $20. 1010 Dolores st. "
WANTED — Experienced girl for candy store at
128 Third st. *
GIRL wanted to do light housework, assist in
store; good place; sleep home. 106 Eleventh.
SMALL girl; caro for baby; good home. 106
Bernard St., near Broadway, off Jones.
GIRL to tako care of 2 children. 1458 Page at.
GIRLS. GLRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'s overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32H Fremont.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for housework and
plain cooking. 1420 Geary st,
A NURSEGIRL wanted. 878 Broadway.
APPRENTICES and operators -on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Cough
and Qrove sta.
FIRST-CLASS starch work lroners; also girls
to learn ironing; good wages. Apply La
Grande Laundry. 228 Twelfth 8t.
GIRL for light housework and help in store.
2717 Twenty-fourth st.. near York.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; wages
$10 to $12. 2125 Union st.
WANTED— Woman of intelligence, neat in ap-
pearance and energetic. Box 2640, Call.
GIRL for housework and cooking. Apply at C12
Halght st. ' ' .
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' white
shirts. 635 st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folgom St.. bet. 13th and 14th sta.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt.REAL ESTATE TEANSACTIONS.
Estate of Marraret Holllday or Halllday (by
Joseph L. Holllday, executor) to Otto Gross,
lot on EE corner of Halght and Stelner streets,
K £6:3 by S 72: $15,100.
Joseph and Max J. Bra.ndensteln (trustees of
estate of Albert S. Ros«nbaum), Joseph and
Jane Brandenstein. Samuel M.. Albert M.. Ernll
D and Charles \V. Rosenbaum and V'lrKlnla
and Julia Strassburger to Georgeana B. Belden
(wife of H. K.). lot on N line of Droadway, 145
XV of Stelner, N 137:6 by W 42:6; $10.
Henry K. Betden to same, same; $10. ,
Thomas W., Katherlne A. . Chris C, and Lily
A Rivers to William- H. Crocker, lot on S line
of Halght street, lia W of Broderick, W 25 by
S Josephine Walter to Morris MarcOs, lot on
NW corner of Frederick and Clayton streets,
N 42 by W 96:10H: $10.
Frederick and Ella Hess to Robert Pleper.
lot on SW corner of Oak and Cole streets. XV
J6 Owen J. 1 Redmond to John T. Redmond, un
divided half of lot on NE line of Eleventh
street. 250 SB of Harrison. BE 25 by NB-100;
John T Redmond to Owen J. Redmond, un
divided half of lot on NE line of Eleventh
? treet 300 N'VV of Bryant. NW 15 by NE 160;
also :'ot on 6W line of Juniper street. 275 NW
SfBrSanl NW 2S by &W 85: $10. =.,,-¦
J«ns P Nlssum to Thomas Fanning, lot on
N line of Twenty-fourth street, HO E of Fol
6O 8T J^seph, Har b rie? Juob and Bertha OWelss
bel" to Virginia N. Weston. lot 2oJ, Heyman
Tract; $10. , V;
Builders' Contracts.
James Humphrey (owner) with Ira W. Co
bem (contractor), architects Ehea & Ehea— All
work for additions and alterations to a two
story frame bulldlne. on S lln« •of OTarrell
street, KX> W of Lairuna, W K by B 120; $2100.
Estate of David Woerner <owner. by Guitave,
Fred and David \vo*rner. executors) with ; J.
W Miller (cortractor), architect C. A. Meuss
dorSer—Concrete, brick, stone and Iron work for
a two-story brick warehouse, on W'llne of Har
rison street, ICO S of Fourteenth. 8 70 by W 90;
game (owner) with .Huwe & Hippely (con
tractors), architect came — Carpenter and mill
work, rooflns. glazing, painting, etc., for same
on same-; J3180. -.¦¦'¦- ¦» .• .. •
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. June 14.
Ptmr George Loomls. Brldgrett. hours
t Btmr Gipsy. Lelar.d. 30 hours from Monterey
and way ports.
-¦ Schr Corinthian. Korth. 43 hours from Blhlers
Schr Impossible, Low. J hours from Point
B ff' 9 ' DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed June 14— Stmr
Greenwood, for San Francisco; schr A M Iiax
ter,* for Seattle.
Nurse Takes Poison.
LO^ ANGELES, June 14.— Lillian N. Ko
fal. a nurse at the Pacific Hospital, com
mitted suicide by taking ether and lauda
num. She had been at the hospital only
three weeks, and was despondent over a
supposed ailment. She was 23 years of
age. _¦ • -
RACE OF AUTOMOBILES.
Bennett Cup at Paris.
Frenchman Wins the* James Gordon
PARIS, June 14.— The international au
tomobile race for the James Gordon Ben
nett cup,, from Paris to Lyons, was won
by M. F. Charron of France. Alexander
Winton of u.eveland. Ohio, participated.
Mr. Wlhton's machine was smashed on
the road. He reached Orleans and then
abandoned the race.
The race started at vllle de Avray, a
suburb of Paris, at 3:14 a. m. M. Char
ron arrived at Lyons at 12:23 p. m. In
addition to JL Charron and Mr. Winton.
two Frenchmen and a Belgian participat
ed. A Frenchman, M." Glrardot, was sec
ond, reaching the goal at 2:17 p. m. The
others apparently did not finish, owing to
accidents. . , *
M. Charron smashed a refrigerating
pump when the distance was about half
covered; and, when about thirteen kilo
meters from Lyons, he collided with a
big dog. with the result that, the main
spring of the autocar was broken. He
finished by holding the spring in his
hand The route was through Versailles,
Chartres, Orleans, Nevres, to Lyons, a
distance of 5&> kilometers.
HOTEL ARRIVAIiS.
PALACE HOTEL.
D H McMillan & w,
Buffalo
B C Sargent. Los Ang
B M Allen, Ala
W A Green. N Y
M B Mein & w, L Ang
3 Lagenanino, L Ang j
W J Maloney. St Joe |
¦\%" H Seamans, Sacto ]
A W Masters, Chicago
J Weir. London
W S Stilt. Chicago
W J McKee, Chicago !
G W Tenwlch. Mont
J R Dearth, Bakersfld
F C Townes. Utlca i
A H Stlllrr.an & w.Cal;
Miss Stillman, Cal ;
Miss Bouton, Chicago |
F S PhllliDS. USN j
F W Wilhelm. Los Ang
G G McKay, Los Ang
S A McKean & w, L A
G E Bitter.ger, Cal
A J Reach. Phlla
Miss B Reach. Phlla
M Stump. Manila
L A Grant. Los Ang
J \\ Dawson, Los Ang
•Duke de la Torre. Spain
J M Merrlman, USA
S D Norton, Gr Pass
A G Thies. Standford
F D Newberry, Phlla
Mrs B F Karns. Wash
XV H Eagle, Chicago
F S Macomber. Sonora
,D Malone. Oakdale
IG Goldberg, N Y
H N Smith, N Y
J Hlldebrand, N Y
Mrs Hlldebrand X Y
J J Sommer, N Y
W M Carpenter. Chic
C M Lloyd. Toronto
J P Jolles, Amsterdam
E Kurmane. Ohio
Dr H BerKstein, Reno
Mrs Berpsteln. Reno
G F Hayes & w, X Y
H Smith, N Y
J D Grisslm, San Jose
O R Spauldlng. USA
D Morlartty & w. USN
J T Lynch, Menlo
GRAND HOTEL
T E McShane, Cal
J D McGllvray. Stanfd
N O'Brien. San Jose
Mrs B King. Cal
D Balfour, Woodland
W Smith, Stockton
T Per.dleton. S Diego
A Pendleton. S Diego
O W Patterson. Hono
B G Hirsch. 8 Clara
A H Donkman. U S N
J M McCabe. N Y
F Belknap. Oakland
J T Spencer & w. Utah
J B Hlsrglns, Redding
A K McKenzie. Denvr
J E Capps. Kan City
Mrs R W K^nyon. Cal
A J Hammond. Florida
H A Adams, N Y
T H Williams. Cal
J E Pojrue. Lemon
Dr W S George. Antloc
J L Wyatt & w. Wash
D B J Powell. Stkton
Ernest Snert, Vlsalla
L A McLean. Sacto
XV XV Patterson. Cal
K B StorJdard. Merced
».V UClark.Phlladelphia
O J Apple & friends,
San Leandro
Mrs G Robertson. D C
A H Dorkenorn. U S A
L M Hancflck. Nev Cty
H G Turner. Modesto
A F Wellner. S Rosa
J E Logan & w. L Ang
J C C Price, Fresno
D W Harrier. Vallejo
H G Brown. Los Anx
E P Collette. Los Ang
J E Yoakum. Los Ang
J H Slieblts. Los Ang
T Vacker, Los Ancr
T F Savage. Los Ang
C O Metcalf & w Sao
T W Ziegler. Sacto
T Young & w, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A Brandt. Merced
M Anderson, Merced
J R Dennis, Chicago
M A Baxter & w. Ca!
J N Wade tc. fy. Or
P C Groth. Boston
6 A Masters. Manila
O B Macklln. Sebas
topol. / V ;;
O R Walker. GllroySpr
Mrs C D Johnson, Ind
T Hutchlr.son, Ind
A W Smith. N Y
A O Arnold. Nat City
C B Jackson & fy.
South Bend. -Wash
E Tarro &w. Hay wards
M D Roper, London
BOSTON CLIMBING- TJP.
Bean-Eating Ball Tossers Now in
Third Place in the League.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia. 2S 15 .651 Ft. *»uis 20 13 .463
Brooklyn ....26 18 .619|Chicago 20 24 .455
Boston 21 20 .512 i New York.. ..17 23 .423
°ittaburg ....23 24 .4S3 Cincinnati ..16 28 .3S1
BOSTON. June 14.— Boston made It three
straight from Pltt'burg: to-day, winning han
dily. Lewis was very effective for several In
nings, but In the last two Plttsburi?, aided by
two errors, batted in three runs. Waddell was
batted hard In the first and second and seventh.
Score :'
Clubs- R. H. ,E.
Boston " 10 2
Pittsburg 3 6 1
Batteries — Lewis and Clarke; Waddell and
Zimmer. Umpire. Emslle.
BROOKLYN. June 14.-Howe!l pitched his
first winning game of the season to-day, scor
ing a fhut-out. It was a six-Inning conflict,
rain falling heavily while Brooklyn was at the
bat. Howell had fine control of the wet ball
and received faultless support. Two of the
Brooklyn's runs were gifts. t?}e result of Ka
hoe's poor throwing. Attendance. 10CO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 0 3 1
Brooklyn 3 5 0
Batteries— New ton and Kahoe: Ho well and
McGulre. Umpire, O'Day.
PHILADELPHIA. June 14— In the seventh
Inning of to-day's tame between Philadelphia
and St. Louis the locals made seven hits—
•three triples, a <1oub!e and three singles. It
was raining briskly and Weyblns was unable
to control the ball. Until that time he pitched
a fair game, and had !t not been for the terrific
slugging In that Inning the visitors would have
had a chance to win. Attendance. 3333. Scor,e:
Clubs— It. II. E.
St. Louis 5 11 6
Philadelphia 11 13 2
Batteries— Weyhlng- and Crlger; Bcrnhard and
McFarland. Umpire, Hurst.
American League Games.
CHICAGO. June 14— Chicago 3. Indianapolis 0.
MINNEAPOLIS, June 14.— Minneapolis t.
MILWAUKEE, June 14.— Wilwaukee 5. Buf
falo 3.
KANSAS CITY. June 14.— Kansas City 10, De
troit 3.
Judge Reilly Refuses to Let
the Dog Continue in
the Stake.
TOO MUCH DOPE
POTS MERCILESS
IN BAD REPUTE
Midweek stake: First round— Kelly & Han
ley's Baby King beat J. McEnroe's Stronsboii,
13-7: J. Carroll's Biuestone beat J. H, \V. JIul
ler'B Moonstone. 9-4; J. McEnroe's Admiral
Sampson b€jit J. Watklns' Gladiator. S-5; J. H.
Perigo's Controller beat George Engelhardfa
Mystery. H-3; D. Dillon's Prince Georgre beat
James Hurley's Shylock Boy. 5-4; J. It. Smith's
Victor beat F. Passcn's Merry Maiden. 6-1:
Jarr.es Hurley's Hurricane beat A. L. Auetln's
Bonita won the midweek stake, beating
Silver Cloud In the final In a half-mlnuf?
run by a score of 8 to 1. The talent went
wrong on the race, forcing Bonita to the
short end and laying 5 to 3 against her
chances. The runner-up did some good
work in the stake and was put to a hard
test with Victor Queen in the third round.
In the fourth he won a long but not se
vere course from Rose of Tralee, and then
on the short end, at 1 to * beat Arab in
a bye. He did some clever work in this
run by taking advantage of Arab's trick
of laying off the game. Arab showed the
speed. Commander for a young dog
snowed well and promises with more ex
perience to get to the front. Daisy Dale
had two severe courses, one of which
lasted nearly three minutes. She did
some clever work and should not have
been allowed to go against Bonita. Blue
stone had his share of good work. He
was unsighted in his go with Admiral
Sampson, but joined Jn, outworked his
opponent and won by the kill.
The day's results, with Judge P. J.
Reilly's official scores, follow:
There vras a mild sensation yesterday
at Ingleslde Coursing Park when In tho
third tie Mercil«ss, entered in Joe Wat
klns' name, was >being led. or, rather,
dragged to the slips for the go with Rose
of Tralee. . Watklns has been out of the
city for some time and his kennel has
been in charge of A. C. Bradbury and H.
W. Bradshaw. The Watkins entries have
been suspected more than once of being
doped and- yesterday's performance
proved beyond a doubt that Merciless had
been made a .victim of the dirty practice,
presumably by its handlers. ;
The dog in passl-ng the grand stand
went through such crazy actions that
Judge Reilly ordered the trainer to take
it from the field, and though the play
on thp hound was heavy, the judge's ac
tion vas applauded by the bettors. Ac
tion will be taken against the dog's train
ers and If they are convicted It Is almost
a certainty that they will be ruled off of
all California fields.
NO LICENSES FOR THE
TWO ATHLETIC CLUBS
Supervisors Decline to Grant Them.
The Hebrew Orphans Must
Behave.
The Supervisors' Police Committee yes
terday refused to recommend a license for
a boxing contest this month to the Colum
bia Athletic Club. Chairman Reed stated
thAt the club managers had agreed to
comply with the rules supplementary to
the recent ordinance in order to secure
clean sport, but had persistently refused
to comply with the terms of their agree
ment. The club had also promised to dis
miss the Injunction now before the Supe
rior Court, but had neglected to do so. On
that score the committee agTeed that the
club could get no favors unless the contro
versy was settled. The National Club was
also denied a license until Judge Murasky
had rendered a decision In Us suit against
Tax Collector Scott.
A delegation of ladies appeared before
the committee regarding a petition that
the boys of the Hebrew Orphan Asylum
at the corner of Hayes and Devisadero
streets cease certain actions deemed ma
licious. It was stated that the boys threw
stones, broke windows and stole eggs in
the back yards of the neighbors' homes.
Superintendent Mowser of the orphanage
denied that the boys of the home were to
blame. It was ascertained that they ..were
allowed to play ball In a vacant lot back of
the home, written permission having been
granted by ex-Chief Lees, who owns the
lot. Mowser was requested to see that the
orphans kept out of the public streets
when playing and he promised that h<s
would do all In his power to compel the
good behavior of his charges.
LONDON, June 14.— At Ascot to-day the
gold cup. value 1000 sovereigns, with 3000
sovereigr.3 in specie in addition, was won
by "Mr. Jersey's" (Mrs. Langtry's)" Mer
man, ridden by Sloan. R. A. Oswald's
Scintlllant was second and J. G. Clarke's
The Grafter third. Six horses ran. The
gold cup was considered such a gift for
the French "horse Perth II, owned by M.
Caulllaut. that he started at 4 to 1 on.
Sloan, however, upset a "sure thing" with
Mrs. Langtry's Merman.
With Merman, Prince Soltj-koff's Nlnus
led until six furlongs from home, when
Sclntlllant and Perth II took up the run
ning. Entering the straight. Perth II as
sumed command, but was soon afterward
beaten, and Merman, drawing to the
front, won in hollow fashion by two
lengths. The Grafter was a bad third.
The betting just previous to the start
was: Merman, 100 to 7 against; Scintil
lant, 100 to 7 against; The Grafter, 100 to 8
against.
The News staJces of 10 sovereigns, with
100 sovereigns added, was won by the Ll
moEa colt, Sloan In the saddle.
The thirty-seventh new biennial stakes
of 15 sovereigns each, with 600 sovereigns
added, was won by Reidwalker's chestnut
colt Courlan, by Gallunile, out of Olarion,
with Sloan up. Lord Rosebery's Cateran
Lad was second and Sir E. Cassell's Soli
taire, ridden by L. Reiff, was third- Nine
horses ran. •
SPENCEB. LA1TDS PETRUCHIO.
Brooklyn Derby Captured by the Cali-
fornia "Iceman's" Mount.
NEW YORK. June 14.— This was get
away day at Gravesend and the Brooklyn
Derby was the feature. David Garrick
was the favorite, Prince of Melbourne be
ing well backed and Petruchio having a
fair following. Results:
Five and a half furlongs— Gold d'Or won. Or
deal second, Plncher third. Time. 1:07 2-6.
Belling, one mile and a sixteenth — Tb« Ama
zon won, Cyrano second, .Sir Fltzbogh third.
Time, 1:4S 1-5.
Selling, five furlongs— Moor won, Snark sec.
ond. Ford third. Time. 1:«.
Brooklyn Derby, one mile and a half — Pe
truchlo 10$ (Spencer). 9 to 2 and 8 to 6, won by
four lengths; Kilmarnock 12^ (Turner), 5 to I
and 2 to 1. second by three lengths; David Gar
rick 111 < Maher), 9 to 5 and 7 to 10, third.
Time, 2:34. Prince of Melbourne and Mission
ary also ran.
The Greater Xew York steeplechase, handi
cap, about two miles and a half — The Bachelor
wen, Fllon d'Or second. Trillion third. Time,
4:43.
Selling, five furlongs— King Pepper won. Cri
terion second, Outlander third. Time, 1:02.
BUFFALO. June 14.— Prince of India
won the opening event at Fort Erie to
day, full of running and with the odds of
20 to 1 against him. Results:
Six furlonss— Prince of India won. Nancy Till
second. Arlington third. Time. 1:14.
Four furloncs— Tremar won, William Gem
eecond. Ida Huncklime third. Time :53%.
Seven furlongs— Irwin won. Cavalero second.
Royal Sterlln* third. Time 1:27H-
Four furlongs — Edgeworth won. Flatterer sec
ond. Award tnird. Time. :49».
Six furlongs— Dally Report won, Sprlngwells
second, Zanone third. Time, 1:14>j.
ST. LOUIS. June 14. — Gibraltar won the
Nimrod selling stake. th§ feature of to
dav's card at the fair grounds. The re
sult was quite a surprise. Trladltza was
thought to have the stake at her mercy
and was an odd-on favorite In the bet
ting. Results:
Purse, six furlongs — Maccn won, Hottentot
second. Lanza third. Time, 1:16.
Selling:, one mile and three-sixteenths— Terra
Incognita won. Baffled seconft. Hungry Hill
third. Time. 2:C6. :• " v;.-;:
Six furlongs — Maldstone won. I.oka second,
Crossmollns third. -Time. 1:15V£- " -
Six furlongs, the Ximrod— Gibraltar won.
Trladltza second. Verify third. Time, 1:14*4.
Mile and seventy yards— Skillman won. Pin
ochle second. Lord Neville third. Time, 1:47V4.
Five furlongs— Small Jack won. Zack Ford
second, Harry Pulliam third. Time, 1:0311 .
CHICAGO. June 14.— Weather clear;
track slow at Harlem to-day. Results:
One mile and twenty yards— Mitten won. Al
paca fcecond. Donna Rita third. Time, 1:48.
Four furlongs — Mauga won, Fred Hesslg sec
ond, St. Bluff third. Time, :51*l.
One mile— Barrack won. Lernond second,
Barney F third. Time. l:45*i.
Six furlongs, the Illinois stake— Fly-by-Xlght
»™. Headwater second, O'Connell third. Time,
Five furlongs— The Cuban Girl won. The
Butcher second, Kohnwreath third. Time.
'1:05*.
One mile — Insurrection won. Frangible sec
ond. Prince Plenty third. Time, 1:46«4-
CINCINN'ATI. June 14.— The track at
Latonia was muddy to-day, but the horses
ran to form and the bookies suffered
heavy losses. Five out of the six winners
were favorites. Ike Wallenstein bid The
Geeser, winner of the first, from $300 to
{400 and took the horsa from L. J. Haas.
Results:
' Six furlones, selling— The Geeser won. Lady
Kent second. Blenheim third. Time, 1:20.
Five furlongs — Queen o' Day won. Regina
Lee secom.l. Menace third. Time, 1:05.
One mile and a sixteenth— George B. Cos
won. Polly Blxby second, Sprung third. Time,
1:53*;.
Six furlongs — Acushla won. Iris second. Sti
ver Coin third. Time, 1:1*.
Five furlongs— Syncopated Sandy won, Long
Flo second, Nitrate third. Time, 1:06^.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Zelmet
won, Elkln second, Ennomla third. Time. 1:55.
DENVER, June 14.— Results at Overland
Park:
Pacing— Dr. Dunleavy won third and foutth
heats and race; time. 2:2G&. 2:26. Ruby S took
first heat: time. 2:26U- Evadna took second
heat: time. 2:27%. Gebhart, Suspicion and
Edenberg also started.
Trottlns— Raymond M won In two straight
heate; time, 2:14%, 2:14. BUI Nye. Trilby P.
Roberts and Russic Clay also started.
Four and a half furlonjrs — Midlove won. La
Fpntera second. Warm Baby third, Time, :57.
'Seven furlongs— Gauptlet won, Alarla second,
Rcgalong third. Time, 1:31&.
Seven furlongs— Gold Dug won. Torsion sec
ond, Lochnees third. Time. 1:35%.
Five furlongs — Melody won. Flylotta second,
Ben Beach third.' Time. 1:034-
American Jockey Pilots Mrs.
Langtry's Merman to
Victory.
SLOAN'S RIDING
WINS THE GOLD
CUP AT ASCOT
Nora Lawrence, 11-2; M. Mlchlllkl's Terronlte
a bye; H. H. Grays Commander beat D. Bres
nahan's Nigger Babv, 12-1; C. O. Peterson's
Silver Cloud beat J. 'F. Cole's Mlrabllia. 14-2:
J. R- Smith's Victor Queen beat Charles {
Brown's Glennlda 6-4; P. M. Clarkson's Head- I
flower beat Thomas Reed's Charlie. 1C-S; B.
Woods' Black Night beat Farley Bro.s' Horse
Patrol. .3-2; Joe Watklns' Mefciless beat B. F.
Jackson's Glen Elder, 7-6; fa. F. Jackson's
Turquoise b»at T. J. Cronln's Thorr.hill. 3-2;
T. \J. Crcr.ins Rose or Tralee beat J. R.
Smith's Lady Ssars. 4-1; J. H. W. Mull'fs
Terror.a beat A. U Austin's Bohemian Girl.
1S-7; D. Ford's Bonlta beat George Beuhn's
Aloha. 6-0; A. L. Austin's Thorafiais beat H.
H. Gray's Bar.ncckburn. 18-0; T. J. Cronin's.
Daisy Dale beat J. Carroll's Red HSnd. 11-7.
Second round— Biuestor.a beat Baby King.
6-3: Admiral Sampson beat Controller. 9-7; Vkc
tcr beat Prince George. S-0; Hurricane beat
Terronite. 4-2; Sliver Clcud beat Commander.
7-4; Victor Queen be<U Headflower. S-4; Merci
less beat Black Night. 8-5; Rose of Tralee beat
Torquois. 5-lj Bor.ita beat Terrona. 6-3; Daisy
Dale beat Thomdale. 24-10.
Third round— Biuestone beat Admiral Samp
son. 9-7; Hurricane beat Victor. 8-8; Sliver
Cloud beat Victor Queen. 10-T; Rose of Tralee
a bye; Bonita beat Daisy Dale. 21-4.
Fcurth round — Hurricane beat Biuestone. 7-3:
Silver Cicud beat Rose of Tralee. 7-4; Bonita
a bye.
Fifth round— Bonita beat Hurricane, 6-0; Sil
ver Cloud a bye.
Final— Bonita beat Sliver Clond. 8-L
This Week's Open Stake.
The stake at Inglealde Park for to-mor
row and Sunday attracted an entry of
eighty greyhounds. Coursing will com
mence to-morrow at 12:30 p. m. and on
Sunday at 11:30 a. m. The draw last night
resulted as follows:
J. Flower^ Keystone vs. E. M. Kelloyy's
Iowa Boy; J. H. Pert?o'» Bone vs. Lande A
Giber's Mt. Ida; R. P. Julian's Swe-t Music
v». J. Caveaey** Juliet: D. Tolands Pleasant
Girl vs. Al Austin's Firm Foe: Kay Bros.'
Hawker vs. J. Ferry's Commodore Nash: T.
Tlerr.ey's Tea Rose vs. E. M. Kellogrg's Ben's
Babe; B. F. Jackson's Glen Elder vs. Low*
& Thompson's Cora Pearl; F. Boyle's Sapho
vs. H. Lynch's Lexinrton; A. Van den Bergh'a
Kitty V vs. E. M. Kellorr« Kid McCoy; J.
H. W. Muller's Terrona vs. Russell Allen A
Wilson's Wedding Bells: A. Frank'* Loiterer
vs. Captain Cane's Master Davenport: A. Joha
non's Tod Slcan vs. J. Kennedy's Wine We»t:
1L Michllikl'9 Terronlt© vs. J. Morlaxlty's
Klttleman; F. Passon'a Merry Maiden vs.
Kelly & Hanley*s Baby Kins: J. Sutton's Glen
Ann« vs. J. Carroll's Red Hind; A.- Johnson's
Bald Eagle' vs. J. Kennedy's Ever Sure; J. E.
Monahan's Tired Out vs. J. Potter's Palm
flower: P. Dingle's Cash In vs. W. H. Shear's
Alarue; J. Sutton's Master Lawrence vs. P. M.
Clarkson's Headwater; A. Van den Berth's
Naughty Girl vs. T. J. McHugb/s Moea Rose;
W. J. Leonard's Gallivant vs. T. J. Cronln's
Thornhtll; Captain Cane's Miss Penman vs.
J. Potter's Remus: T. Lendewlg»s Lady Gar
net vs. B. F. Jackson's Krai- Jorgensen ; M. J.
Kelly's Night Time vs. T. J. Cronln's Arab;
J. Lenlhan's Racine vs. J. Rock's Minerva;
J. Kennedy's California vs. E. D. Fallon's
Lily of the West: J- McEnroe's Admiral Samp
son vs. J. McEnroe's Stromboll; J H. W.
Muller's Moonstone vs. E. M. Kellogg 9 Strom
boll; J. W. Woods' Cliff Wilson vs. W. PH
ler's Sissy M: J. Seggerson's Gold Hill vs.
J. Perry's Sweet Belle; J. Potter's Romulus
vs. T. Reed's Charley; G. Lahusen's Firefly
vs. XV. Delaney*s Oriole; Maher & Reid's Sln-
Kleton vs. D. Cronln's Swlnnerton: M. Welch's
Bendalon? vs. A. Johnson's Lowlander; Rus
sell. Allen & Wilson's Belle Clalr vs. B. F.
Jackson's Turquoise; Russell. Allen & Wil
son's Miss Wilson vs. Lowe & Thompson's
Over the Border: J. E. Monahan's Tar Hill vs.
H. Woods' Black Night: H- Lynch's Emma M
vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's Password; X>.
Toland's Twilight Jr. vs. C. Brown's Glen Ida;
P. M. Clarkson's Golden Garter vs. P. Brophy's
Benlcla Boy. }
THE SAiN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. JUJSTE 15, 1900.
13
OCEAN TEAVEL.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
WILL DISPATCH FOR
NOME DIRECT
The elegant, fast. Al new passenger steamer.
S* S. NOME CITY,
1SC0 tons register.
ABOUT JULY 1st.
Connections at ST. MICHAEL for DAWSON
and all YUKON RIVER POINTS.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO,,
/39 POST ST.
AMERICAN LINE.
IIT YORS. EOUTHAJlPTOir. L05D0IT. PI5I1
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul June 27! New York July 11
St. Louts July 4'St. Paul July 13
s\ Cm U O I t\ /^ L> 1 41 L« .
Nev/ York end Antwrsr-*.
Frcm New York every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Fouthwark June lOIKenslngfton July 4
Westernland ...June 27'Xoordland July 11
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery street.
EMPIRE LINE,
B. S. "OHIO." from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael, May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome, St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June 30. July 31, August 30. For rates
and other information arcly to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.
• 30 Montgomery at.
THE 0. R. .& N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMEBS TO
IFOIR.TL.AuilSriD
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
rinr $12 first Class including BertS
I ARC $8 Second Clas\ ond A\cals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails..............
June 22. July 2
COLUMBIA calls V. June 17. 27. July 7
Short line to "Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Hel"na and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Aeent.
£» Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. .
Superintendents.
BAY 'AND RIVEB STEATVrRBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO,
* Steamer "Mont!cello."
MON.. Tues.. "Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m. : 2:13. 8:S0 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150S.
FARE «....S0c. *
PROPOSALS fcr State Prison Eupplie«-^BIds
I mill t^ received tr the State Board cf Prison
r>ti»ctcr» at 6aa <;u«?r.t:n. up to the hour
or lO:2t a. rn. of July 7. 1900. for rupptylnjf
the F:at* Prifor. at Fan Quentln with toa!
fpr th- er.^ulrg f.»ea! year. A certified check
<.:¦-.; tc 10 rer cect of the b'.d. payabie tc the
rve*iA*r.t cf the beard. tr.u«t acrcn-.par-v each
bid Sch-dules ar.d ccndltlcnj to te had od
a;i Meatier, tc •!;<• e!»rk.
H 3£. riTZGERALD. Preaidcat.
J. V. EL^IS. Clerk. • ,
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY
Coim*. San Mateo Co.
OFFICE, 316 MARKET ST. Tel. So. 337
Alert \/OY «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A E^rPALMERS.
\ZZ's Market et.. between Sih and 9:h.
Telephone Scu'.h HI.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
<Succe*sors to Flannacan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
"0 Fifth ct., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 50. . -
nil? v. ANTED— Notice (• hereby riven that
»ra!-d ;ror>oEa:* «•'.:! be received by the Board
< f I)ir«H-tor» cf the Veterans' Hone of -Cali-
¦f.-rala. at It* cfSce. room 13. IT0 Sanscme «:..
tan l'runr\fcz. Cai., up to 10:S0 o'clcck a. m.
PATTrnPAT. Jvr.t t3. 19M. and opened lm-
mediattly therea.'fr tn the presence of tld-
der», for furr.ishir.g ar.a JeMveriag quarter-
r.:a*ter and ccrr.rr.lwary «upplies for the Vet-
eran*' Hcrre. Napa County. Cal.. (railroad
»•:.•:¦". Yc«nt»-ll!»>. for m\x mosth* coramenc-
:cc July 1. 1S00. ar.d »r.iir.F December 81. 1900.
fcchrdui'?* with lr..'^nr.at.lca ar.d Instructions
far submitting L!4# uiil be furnished upon
*; p::«.- •:- - hy the ur.d'rsi^r.ed. Bidders will
carefully fc'.low thf ccnditlor.s of the sched-
ules, and no I'd w.:; be considered unless It
la In accordance ti-ith ench tcheiJu'.es. Each
bidder mu»t tccrmpar.y his bid trlth a certi-
fied check upon »ome well-known and re-
r?on«ltle banVlng hc-UFe fcr at leasx 10 per
eent of 'he amount of hi? bid, payable to C.
i:.-.t ¦ i Kir.rw. treasurer, conditioned that the
l.iddT »:U enter Into a and valid con-
tract upon notlr* cf acceptance as required
r-y law. The bos.rd r^»^rve« the liffht to
r^ect tr:y or aii t>!d» ar.d to order ar.y quan-
tity ever or under the err.ourt epedfted
AddreM J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Beard
cf Director* ef the Veteran*" Home of Cali-
fornia. roc= U. *IC fcar.asme «... E»n Fran-
cisco. Ca: By order cf the Board of Direc-
tcr». !¦ 3. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
I'HOI*OSALS.
BAILBOAD TBAVZXb
Via Honolulu
Ronnd-tr'.p tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
1 W. H. AVERT, -General Agent.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 d. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllnc at
Kobe <HJogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, eto. No cargo received on board on day
Ss'nIPPON' MAR'O...... Tuesday. July 10. 1900
bsIXmerica^RU...^...^..^^.^-^
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
COMPAONIB GE3ERALS TBAN3ATLAKTKHIE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jurM^
Sailing every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1S99. at
10^ ~t from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton 'it LA CHAMPAGNE. June 21:
L-AQUITAiNE. June M: LA TOURAINE. July
5- 17a T LORRAINE. July 12. First-class to
Havre 150 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on
round trip Second, class to Havre. $45: 5 per
«nt reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA V Broadway (Hudson Bulldlns). New
York J F FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coaat
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. C«.
m FRAHCiSCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CJOMPAXY.
Tlkorwn Farry. Foot •( Market St,
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RA7AIX.
l^EEK DATS— 7:20. »:00. 11:C« a. m.: U*
1:20, JO0. 8^0 p. m. Thursday*- Extr* trta
at 11: JO o. in. Saturday*— Extra trlpa at 1:S4
and 11:33 B. m. _^
SUNDAYS— S:00. •:». 11:00 a. m-f 1». !:»»>
6:00. 1:20 o. m.
SAN RAJAEI* TO BAN FRANCISCO.
TTEEK DATS-«:10i V&. 1:10. 11:10 •. m.; 11:4^
1:40, »:15 p. m. Saturdaj»— Extr» trts» at
i 1:SS ana i:15 o. m.
BUXDATS— 8:10. •:«. U:19 a. m.t 1:40. t:«».
»,5:C5. 1:23 p. m.
Betweea Saa rraaelsoo aad Bcirastwa Fix*
wmxam *ch«duU a« abor*.
Le*r* I In ESact. I Arrtv*
Baa FTancUco.. |Apr. 13. M00.I Ban graaeHww
Week j 6an- I I Bua- I We«*
Days, f day*, f Destination.] daya. I Day*.
7:S9a=> 1:00 • ml * NovatoT 19:40 ami »:4» aa»
t:3Opra »:S9mm\ Petaluma. «:C5 pmrt0:2S aa»
1:13 pm 1:50 pm| Eanta Ro«a- 7:C pg>| t:2Q pm
— — — -
T:Ifl am Windsor. U'-S am
Heaidstrjrg*.
Lytton.
Geyserrllle.
I:»pm tM am CloT»rdal». T:C pg> 9tt» pra
T:M ami I Hopland I 113:3 an
I: SO pm| 1:00 am( and Ulclah. [ 1JS pm- *:2O pra
.': > ami * U:2S as»
I S:CC ani Ouemevilla. 7:SS pm
t:S3 pm' ¦ «:»Pa
::i»ta I.-W ami Sonoma »U5 am 1:40 aia
I and
8:13 pa 8:00 pm| Glen Ellen. t:05 pm »:20 pm
7:30 asa 1 1:00 am! [10:40 Am!13:K ia
• t:SO pmj 3:J0 pail Seba»»gpot. I 7^5 pm! •:» pnx
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Slark West
Slrtn« and White Sulphur Springs: at J*ultc:»
for Altrun«: at Lytton for Lytton Sprints: at
Oeyservllle for Skagrs gprtr^s: at .CIor«r<!aI»
for th« Oersers: at Hoplaad for Duncaa
Sprtnvi. Hlshland Pprtn^r". Kel»#rvlll«. Carls-
bad ftprtnita. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlatt
Eprlnvt; at UWah for Vichy Sprinc«. Sarator^
Springs. Bhie Lakes. Lcurel Dell Lake. Wittsr
Srrlsru. T'pper Lake. Porco. Potttr Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. L4er!»y*s. Bncknelt'a.
Fanhedrln Height*, Hu!hn:i«. Orr"" Hot
• EprinK». JlenCoclno City. Fort Brocr. W«st-
I port, L'sal. Wlll!t«. LaTtcnvt!!^ Cuiamtna.
Bell's Ppr'.nr*. Harrl*. Olstn'a. Dyer, Bco&k
• and Eur*ka.
Saturday- to Monday round trt» tlcSet* at
redtjeed rate*.
On Sunday ' rtmnd trt? tickets to all petats
berond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. »"0 Marktt St.. Chroatel* b!4*
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RTAN.
General ilinas»r. Oea. Pass. Ajratf> .
f^^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fiLfl&^rS3i — #r * KEAEST ST- E?tabi:»n<-<1
g*«4^*j3a l:i 1S3» for tne treacmentof Pri»at»
*2lJLb»4^-7 I>isea3*«,Lt:stMi«ib»«Hi l>f>'.'.ny or
fiSSTSx^Sii (itswtfie^sartngoii bo-iyar.': mine: and
t^ESsJaEfifjsa sitin Dtaeoses. rnedocCorcures^rfaeu
I^fflBB^a KgnHitrefall Fry him. C"iarge» loir
Or. J. *'. UlBnO.V Box 11137. San Frasdaco
THE WEEKLY CALL
- 61 per Yeax*.
0CVXS1O 8.S. CO.-IIONOLUI.17. APIA
C AUCKLAND A.VD SYDNEY.
8 S AUSTRALIA monotulu only)....
...... V/ednesday. June 27. 2 p. m.
B "iVOAN'A 'via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia. Wed.. July 11. 8 p. m.
L D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Acts.. i!4«ont<jcmerj
Pief 7. Foot Pacific St. Freiihi Oifics.32? Marbat St.
uaoiiao a imiirr hateob .5500 Ton*.
" ' SSBAPIS .40CO Ton*
Monthly aalllng for Valparaiso and Hambnnt .
.. vu Mexican port*. C«atr»i. South Anerica. etc. |
.* "¦-'-'-' S S. Luxor, €500 tons. saiUaboat Jane 3. j
J.B «pRKr»*LSli BBOA.CO.. ifatt, 114 HaatvesurrSiJ
. >y, ". 7-*r5r»t O»~, *f' H«r« W «l^ S«a Frw, *«• {
AND 8 AX RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:80. *S:80. 9:30. Il:0« «. m.1
12:45, »1:4S, 3:13, 4:15, «:15. <:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-Fcr Mill Valley «ad g«a
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:G0 and ll:3i p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. »3:0O. •»:<». MOiCO. 11:00. lli%
a. m-: 12:45. •!:». J:30. *l:iS. 6:«. C:00. !:»
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not rnn to Saa Hafaal 3ua-
daya.
Trains marked (•) raa tn San Quentla.
FROM si.N RAFAEL TO SAS FRANCISCO.
WEEK!) AYS— 5:35. '6:30. 7:M. 8:40. 10:15 a.
m.: 17:30. 1:15. 2:15, *2:Z0 4:30. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *S:45 and 10:23 p. m. ' -
SUNDAYS— 6:15. •3:50. •11:00a. m.; n3:0»
KJ.; l:eo. S:15. '3:30. 4:30. •5:45. «:«. 7-JO. 10:M
p. m.
Tralna marked (•) start from San Quentla.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DATS— *:M. «:45, -J:CO. 8:55, 10:30 a.
m.: 1»:35 1:45. 2:45. 1:30. 4:50. «:» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. WednesJara
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 19:3) p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:25. 8:05. 10:C3. 11:10 a. m.: UUJL
1:20 2:20, 3:45, 4:33. «:1S. 7:05. 10:» p. nj.
THROUGH TRAINS
7:C0 a. m. week days — Cazadcro and way ata>
3:*li p. m. Saturdays— Caiadero and way it»»
tlona.
6:1S p. m. weekdays (Saturdays except»d)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
S:CO a. in. Sundays— CazaUtro and wajr ¦tx-
tlons.
1*:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and vay
stations.- \
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RATLWAT.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS... .9:30 a. m.. 1:43 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS... ..8. 9. 10. 11 a. tn.. 1:3d. 2:33 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. Jl 40.
NEW TAVERN OF.TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
via SausaHto Perry.
i Commencing April !I. 1300.
FROM SAN FRAN'CISCO TO MILL VALLBT
IORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
m Steamers leave Broadway
»w wharf. San Francisco:
¥^^^^ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
i*y^3v!Jfe '-hance to company's steam-
S^S^^^I For Victoria. Vancouver <C
fSSQLl!rtWs\' C,), Pert TownsenJ. Prattle.
r**IBSM^_l Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes.
ani ,Vw Whatcom (Wash.)—
"^* 11 a. m.. June 15. 29, 25. 30,
July 5, and every fifth day thereafter: change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. I
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 10 a. m.. June
17. 22, 27. July 2, and every fifth day there-
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
9 a. m.. June 18. 20. 24. 28. July 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only nt Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m., June IS. 22. 25. 30. July 4, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pai. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
mon{h. , ,
For further Information obtain company a
folders. ' , , _
The company reserves the right tn change
steamers, palling dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
XIOO3IS TO LET — Faro, and Lnfnrn. |
A-lirU.'Nff'.VICK :HCU?e7" Its S!xth-Roo:r.s j
Sic to Jl rer night. $1 ti tc Si per week, and i
iisht hrufctketplac: open ail night. !
irjT'.NETT. ICti Market et. <->M No. 1SC4)— Fur-
liUh rtr.s.. !•-;•.•.-. elngle; als>o unfurnished.
L~LLIP. 1CSH— Nice sunny rooms; suites, aingie !
cr tfoubte; terrr.s reasonable. •
roLfOM. SCS. cor. CtlTTThe Oliver)— Newly fur- '
i.>:-: raxoy rooms, single or suites; reascnbl. I
FOURTH, r:4-Nlcely furnished bay-wininw j
and •ingle rooms: moderate; quiet. j
CHART. *".Z <T!:tX«\arrt) — EUpahtly furnlshej j
room-, suites or eir.cle; travelers acco'dated. j
GRAND SOUTH ERNTe ">ut heaet corr.er Seventh !
ar.d Mission sis— Sur.r.y rooms, en suite cr
¦lad*; ladles' parlor: reading rocm; elevator. I
lTX NOOCK HOI'S K. 7S1 Mission Ft.— Select fam- !
(,!y rocrr.ing hou^e: II r Ji to }6 per week. j
JK'TEL Francisc^-Elecar.t fu:te»; B'.nrle: tran- j
»l»'r.t; baths. MRS. KING, Turk ar.d Taylor. I
HOWARD. K»— Hooms from $1 week up to JS: >
ttc to II night; a!:;O housekeep'r.g rooms.
HOWARD. SSS. err. Cth-Nicely rurnlshed sunr.y j
rooms reasor.able: by Cay. week or month.
MINNA. 6€T. ccr. Kiehth— New furnished bay- I
• ir/.cw rocn:. Jl r<r week; transient. 1
NEW ARLINGTON, lflo Market-Nice'.y Turn.
m:«.; ZL< r.i?ht up: V. week up; transient. '¦
OAK. t4— Two eur.r.y unfurnished rooms: sta- I
tlcnary tubs: b>th. ]
OFARRELL. rC; — Sur.ny furnished rooms and i
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo. |
POWELL. Ill— Llpiit. clean rms.. 6ulte» or *in- |
p'e: transient: running water: rates reduced, j
IlOSKrALE House. JlS and 321 Ellis et.— Room*, j
r.itht. '2U~ to fl; week. $1 25 to $4; cpen night.
SOTAL HOUSE. i:6 Ellis «t.— Incandescent ;
iicht. reading rcc?R. rmcklr.g room and ladles'
I-arlcr; rocn-.s. p*r right. S5<; to $1 £0; week $2
to TS; Bott> t? to $rc; elevator on crflce flaor; ,
rooms with tm and cold water; baths. ;
FHERMAW ArE'tment House. :« Eighth St..
n»*ar Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TKNTII. in. near Market— Large tunny front
bsi'-wir.dow room.
THE OAlvS. 119 Th!rd-A rood rooming house
for e^od people. R. HUGHES, rrcprietor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
reined at Cal! branch office. ZSM Fillmcre et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubsrriptions has been established at 1CS6 Va-
>nr-i t t t.
KOOMS AVD BOARD.
CALIFORNIA7^?^Cn~e^e11el^t~c^ortunity to
: F*cur» rartiru'.arly deyirable accom. at mod-
eft rates: facial rates families; sur.r.y rms..
en tuite or finple; best tabie in San Francisco.
"ARKET. JiM'A (Hotel Robinson*— Furn. rmii ..
»"tth first-clap* board; double. 119 wk. ; i>Imrle,
JIS mo.; ra'vjerr. : elrvator: table board, $4 wk. ;
tnola.Sc MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
THE BR.^DBT_'RV. !G?4 Caiifornll— N>w mf>dern
ftiaasly hotel; excellent table: 1» hc«nttfnlty
furnished rooms: moderate; phone Hyde CT71.
TWENTY-SIXTH. ZZTS. near Mission— Nicely
furnished sunny rooms, with or without
' board, at verj- reasor.able rrtces.
LAS PALMAS. jy?) Market st.— Suit* of 2 or t
rrr.s.; private: bath: sin, rmg.: b^ard optional.
FINE. TTt Pmiiiij rooms with beard; reason-
ab>.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
NOTICE— Abandoned children In the Roman
C&rhelic Orphan A«ylura since January, 18SS:
Elizabeth Ault. sped 10 years; Marraret Ault,
!• years; Hazel Wilkie, 10 years; Lydla Wil-
kie. 8 year*: Ruth Wllkle. 7 years; Irene
Valder. » years; Lcretto Duran. T years; Mad-
e'.Ice Emran, C years; Ray Croall, 8 years;
Otlila. Bank. C years; Gertrude McClelian.
S years.
BAD tenant* ejected for S4: collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery et.. rooms 9-10; tel. S5S0.
CHEAPEST and best la America— The Weekly
Call. 16 ra*es, sent to any address In the
I'nited States or Canada one year for II.
SEWIXG HACBIXES A\L> SUPPLIES.
ALL. kinis bcuR-ht, ecld end repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Planibeclc. 1J15 Mission, nr. 15th.
F.CSTED. repaired, bought. s"ld: machine cup~
pllee. Etanfiaj-d Agency. 145 tth: phone Mint 45.
ALL ktr.ds bought, eold. exchanged, rented;
repairing mt lowest rate*. 2C5 Fourth st.
STAULES TO LET.
3 STALLS, cheap: suitable for express cr milk
depct; this rccr.th f r«nt frve. 2ZZ0 Mission st.
STORAGE A>D WAREHOUSES.
WIIjSOX BROS.. Ft~raee and moving; covered
visi Tenth and Market: phone . South 76i
EEKINS Vi.i and Pierage Co.. 7^ Mission St..
teL Main :MJ-Packir.g. movie* and storage.
r.'KRCE-RODOLPH Storace and Moving Co. i
Office 431 Po*t et.. cor. PowfII; t?l. Main £713. I
PACIFIC etcrape ar.d Furniture Moving Coin-
ranr. SCTO FU'nsore Ft.; phene Jackscn 2SL
TVI'CWKITEUS A\O M'l'PLIKS.
G l{f^AT^ARHA^NT7N~TTP^EWRrrERS^We
•ell better machines for leys money than any
house la tte city; rer.ta!s. 13. The Typewriter
Hxrhanpe. ZZt Callforr.ia. telephone Main tZS.
DIVIDEXD NOTICES.
r»:VIDEND NOTICE— Divid^r-d No. SO f?5 cents
r»r c»-.ar«) of th«» Hutcfitnson Sugar Plantation
¦' :r;ar.y will t»e payable at the office of the
company. Market Ft-, en anl arter Wednes-
day June 10. lW. Transfer bocks will close
en Thursday. June 14, 1900. at 1 p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 10 (twenty-
flre cents per ehare) of the Kliauea Suirar
t Plantation Ccrrp*ny will be payable at the
offlce cf the company, 317 Market St.. on and
after Friiay. Jure 15, 1S00. Transfer bookn
will close ca Saturday. Jur.e &, 1500. at 12
r.Vi'vk m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL, ESTATE.
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure: barpainsr one-fifth cash; bal-
ance in L 2. ! or 4 years. Alameda Savings
Park. --
BERKELEnDYERTISEMEMS
DERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
tJPXK- TO close estate: ccrr.er lot 111x130; In
I Berkeley: near Afhby and 1 block
frota street-car lire; with Improvements;
hcuse 8 rooms ar.l bath: large barn, wind-
mill and tar.k- A«*ir*«s HDWARI1 HOEGE-
MANN. 100 Montgomery St.. Pan Francisco.
A WEEK'S r.ews fcr 5 cer.ts. The Weekly Call.
•« patm, In »r;rr*r. frr rr.nilir.g. tl per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE, •>¦ ':'','
BI^OCK 64. must be eold. near Z1A ave.. 27th St..
Ha*t Oak!an4; a rare chance for a block pur-
• f.aser. SamVeL PWIFT. 1112 East Six- I
«>«»n>h »t.. East Oakland.
r*' - * ¦ 1
OAKLAND FinMTCRE FOR SALE, j
AN «.r.trrj(Juction tfl J*on frrrr. H. Schellhaas, the i
furrHtre dealer. ;:th ar.d Franklin. Oakland.
DIED.
Andersen. Charles H. letter. Elias
Cahen. Henri-nte McAvoy, Dennis
Cavanagh, Thomas McGinty. Marcaret
Chapman, Jclm J. McGrath. Ellen
Congdon. Louise J. E. Maxpherson. Johanna
Cummlngs. Mary E. Ryder, Resita
Hausen, Henrick Rcheefer. Ferdinand
Kern. Julius Straub. Charles v
Kiernan. Mary A. Truccone. Frank
Lawson. John C. Jr. Zech. Tlilie A.
ANPEP.SON— In this city. Jure 12, 1300. Charles
H.. beloved husband of the late Amelia P.
Anderson, and father of Anna. Henrietta and
Alfred Anderson, a native of Norway, a^ed
to years. (Chicago, III., rarers please copy.)
CTTriends urd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 12ZJ Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
CAKEN-In this rity. Jane 14. 1900. Henrtette.
relict cf the late Louis Cahen. and beloved
mother cf Mrs. M. J. Nev.mArk. Isidore Cahen
and Mrs. Louis intern, a native cf France,
aged 71 year* 11 months and 11 days.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:20 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1917 Frar.klin street, r.ear Washington.
Interment Hume of Pea"e Cemetery, by
ppecial train from Third and Townsend etreets
at 2 o'cl3ck. Please omit flowers.
CAVANAGH— In this city, June 13, 1900,
Thomas Cavanagh. brother of the late Wil-
liam Cavanagh. brother-in-law of Mrs. Cav-
.anagh. and uncle of Thomas and Georgre Cav-
anagh, 3. native of Dublin. Ireland, aged 55
years.
C7Frlcr.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Fridav), at S:15 o'tir>ck. from the residence
cf his «l»tcr-ln-Uw. Mrs. Cavanagh. 17S6 Fol-
eom street, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where a eolemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated fcr the repose cf his soul, commencing
at 9 o'cU?5i- Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CHAPMAN— In the City and County Hospital,
June 14. l?G0. Jchn J. Chatiman. a native o'
Australia, aced 41 years. ,-¦;..-
CONGDON— In Bakersfleld. June 12, l?00, Louise
J. E. beloved w'fe of Charles H. ConRdon,
ar.d daughter o' £l!ia.beth C. Brandt, aged
42 years.
CUMMINGS— In this city. June 12. 1300. Mary
Ellen, beloved daughter of Martin and Maria
Curaailnps, and sister of William, Florence.
Martin. Gordon. Ignatius and the late James
Cumrr.ings. a native of San Francisco, aged 21
years S months and days.
CTFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<Fti2ay). at S:33 o'clock, from her parents'
residence, 155 Perry street, thence to. St.
Rose's Oiurch. where* a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at lit o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
HAXSEX- In this city. June 14. 1900. Henrlck
Hansen, beloved husband of Elsa Ilansen.
and i father or Christ Hansen, Mrs. H. K.
Sorens«n and Marie. Han« and Henrlca Han-
een. a native of Denmark, aged 61 years.
KER.V— In th;s city. June 13. 1S*"»). Julius, be-
loved husband of Josie Kern, father of Ar-
thur. George anrt A'ma Kern, son of Carrie
Kern, and brother of Mrs. Gus Hartman. a na-
tive of Missouri, aged 44 years. A member cf
Yerba Buena Ledge , No. 1TSS. Knights of
I Honor.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
June IT. 1909. at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, f.3 Volley EtreM. near San Jcse avenue,
between Tv«?nty-eichth an d Twenty-ninth
Etreets. Interment Uocnt Olivet Cemetery, by
electric funeral car. corner Thirtieth street
and Ean Jose avenue.
MEMBEKS cf Yerba Buena Lodge No. 1733. K.
of H.. are requested to attend the funeral of
our late brother. Julius Kern, from the fam-
ily residence. S3 Valley street. Sunday. June
IT. at 2 o'clock.
F. F. WEDEKIND. Dictator.
U. H. NOBLE, nencner.
KIERNAN— In this titjr, June 14, 1300. Mary
Alice, beloved daughter of Thomas and Mar-
caret Kiernan, a native of San Francisco,
aped E years 2 months and 23 days.
LAVVSON — In this city, June 13. 1300, John 'C.
Lawson Jr., beloved ecn of John C. and Mar-
tha E Lawson. a native of San Francisco,
aged S3 year* 1 month ar.d 11 days.
r^- Funeral services will be held to-mcrrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the residence
of h!s parents, 773 Guerrero street. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
LETTEU-In this city. June 18. 1900. Ellas Let-
te- beloved father of Dave, Louis. Henry
and Charles Letter, Mrs. S. Sigel, Mrs. K.
Glass and Mrs. G. Eppsteln. a native of Po-
land, ared T4 years.
C7" Relations and friends are respectfully
Invited tj attend the funeral this day (Frl-
<*av) at 10 o'clock, from the Hebrew Home
for the Aged and Disabled. SOT Lombard
street thence to Third and Townsend streets,
by 11:30 o'clock train. Interment New Salem
Ometery.
McAYOY-!n the City and County Hospital.
June 13. 10<». Dennis McAvoy. a native of
Ireland, ag-ed 47 years.
Mf-GINTT — In Halfmoon Bey. San Mateo
CosntT June 12. 1X0. Margaret, beloved wife
of the'late James McGinty. and mother of
Mrs Grace H using and Archie and Margaret
McGinty, a native of Scotland. a?ed TJ years.
C7Funoral from th« Catholic Church. Half-
moon Cay. to-morrow (Saturday), at 2
o'clock. Take train frcm Third and Town-
eer.d streets et 0 o'clock.
McGRATH-Ia this city. June 13. 1900. Ellen,
beloved wife of the late Thomas, McGrath.
and mother of May. John and Joe McOrath
ar.a Mrs. II. 8. Gordon, a native of County
Care. Ireland, aged CS years.
C7 Friends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at $:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy &. Co.. 1233 Market street, t-e-
twetn Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Jo-
teph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
<kVA be celebrated for the repose of her eoul. <
c&rr.n;ecc'.r.e at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy :
Crocs Cerr.etery.
MACPHEHSON— In th!s c!ty. June 14. 1900. Jo- j
hanna. widow of the late Cameron Macpher- j
son, beloved mother of Mary L- Macphersort 1
ar.d the late Christine and Richard Macpher-
ton. ar.d loving- sister of Mrs. E. Cunning-
ham a r.atlve of the parish of Balllncloush,
County Cork. Ireland. o«red 67 years.
RYDER— In this c'.ty. June 13. 1300, Rostta Ry-
; der. widow of Georg-e W. Rdyer. and beloved
! mother cf William O. Ryder, a native of
Chile, aeed 74 years.
C7F-ri*nds and acquaintances are respect-
fuily invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
! residence ISC* Mascn street, thence to Yglesla
ie Nuettra Ser.cra <5e Guadalupe (Spanish
Cburch). corr.er of Mason street and Broad-
way where a high requiem mass will be said
frr the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clcck.
SCHEETER— In this city. June 13. 1E00. Ferd-
inand J.. dearly beloved husband of Ulrika
Beheefer, brother of Mrs. Carl Guttermuth of
Germany, and brother-in-law of Ernst Krlske
a r.atlve of Danzig. Prussia. Germany, aged
l~ years 8 months and 21 days. A member of
Geieiisehaft Teutonia.:
E^FYiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow J
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late res!- 1
dence. 818V4 Capp street, between Elshteenth I
and Nineteenth. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceaie^ •'
tery. !
ETRAUB— In this city. June 14, 1500. Charles, i
beloved son of Fran"; and Bertha Straub.
and trcther of Freddie Straub. a native of •
San Francisco. a*ed 7 months and 15 days. I
C7 Friends and acquaintance? are respect- i
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
MARRIED. - j-
HERRICK— KAISER— In this city. June 12.
1SJ0. by the Rev. J.- P. Thomas. Frank C.
Herrick and Tudle L. Kaiser, both of San
Francisco.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will net te Inserted. They must be handed
in at either cf the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
STECHER-In this city. June U, 1500. to the
wire ct Harry Ktccher, a eon. (N«w York
papers pleas* copy.)
WALPERT-!n this city. June 6. l?00, to the
wife of Fred Wairort. a dauchter.
MVTBEIR PACIFIC COHPAMT.
IfACtriC UiTIM.)
Tritlm !¦>¦»*«• nmt nr« ttnm in «rrl»» •¦
MAM rit % Ml*< «».
(Hah. Lii:e. Fco: of Market S*.;«4t)
lkati - Taon Mat 13. 190a - a%xxtb
•7:OOa Bentda. 3uiaan. Elm'.ra. VtcsfQ*.
kum»e» »uH .*iajmec:i *7il3»
•7:OO» Shv«M KTor-<w— Li^tU WUl!*ms(ror
BariJett SpiirpX WUlowi. Ketl
Blu2. Pcrfca-icT. ittSr
*7:3Oa Ml.rtfaiW.8an U* nna. V*Iic;j. X»p».
C«!;jt;.gi «;id -<»iit» Honk *O:l.Tr
*S:OOa Di»ii. Won<::»n<l KaifhU L»odlcr,
.M»r>»n:v. IHtiBli. *?i«Sf*
•»:«»(>* AU«Dll<? V.i;!?!*-<\ !»n aoil East *ll:l-1t
• *t:to* 8«n Ju(«, Uicrmurs,
Inite. SMTftinentn. PUccitUI*.
'.Urr.tr.!-. chic .i. i:*li:iii(T *4:i3r
•»:W» O»k."» *. Chinese (for TosemiteX
8 )i.oi>. Careen. Mil.Ar
*O:OO* riijwtr !•. Nt!vs>ad Wij Stations. *1 llUl
*U:UVA Lcs Acjj'.m Eipreni — MarUnsx.
Tracy, ijiviro;'. .i toe* ton. MsrerJ
»..J Fie«nr> ••:«»
•9:304 TsJMu, Mutlnn »n-l VV»/ Sutlont •»: !•%»
•l«i:tio» Tha «it»t!»'i-1 Lltitied— Ogdea. Den-
rer. If.iuhi iri.ieaf •»•!!!»
•1I:OOa NUrs. l.i.rr.ii'te. (tkaekts*. ««cr»-
la-nt - MentloU. lUufoid. Vlnlla.
r«rtof»l!ie •l:Mr
•I3:*0M H»f»«.l). Hi\t» kud W», SUtloot. *a>4.tp
tl:OOp *-it.:me»t.. Kifer •*:.-.!.,. ;% t5:Oi>»
•3:OOr H«ywmU. N lies and Way Stations. *»>*.1p
*4tOOr Martlnix. Man lUtuou. Vallajaw
N «r«. C»H«l"K*. Mai.ta lto«« *Vll9s
•lionr BenicU. Wlaten. .^iprtmir^a.
Woo.'.!«..l. Krichta 1 *ulluj.
Uar|>Tm». Orn.ilU Mll;« J.
•4»SWp Nn*». Han Jnraaiid 3tockteo *7il«V
•SiOOrTba Owl J.la-!ted— Tracy, rresso.
Baksnaaia. Hanpts for bajita l!»r-
bir». Los Angelrs *»:I3»
•3:00r Fresuo F*«senjtr— Martinet, L*th-
rop. dtocktua. Jl-rcfi. Berend*
(Itaymood for Vosemi'e). rrauo.. *I ti I %r
*S:3Op Sfsw Jt1-».qj Eiprcss— t:«li»r»«»IJ,
Hanta B»rl-»r». l.o» Anielca. l>**9-
laf. El Paso. New Orleaus »ud v
Eul ••i-O.
•3it»f Sa.ita Fa Ca'i'.e-Atlaiitlo ExprtM
for-MoJmt, an.) Ka<k *«>43*
•ti«f Bajwards, Nilea »ud rtaiu Josi *7>4»4
t«:O«r V*Slejt> -ian»r
•»:O»r Oriental Malt— Ogdeo. CHey«m».
Uu»ha, Chlcsso *11<444
•«:OOr Orfectal Mall-Ogden. Danter.
Omaha. Chicago MilSr
{7i00p ValloH Puit <.ji:i and Way su-
- ttoi.s , i»i."»lp
•SiOSr Or-gon and California Kipreas.Ka*.
Auisitto. M«i«.iliB. lUMini.
Pntttun.t. I'ii<hH H1..1...I ami r«»l »ltl»>
COAST DIVISIOS (>«rroi» (.«•»#).
(Foot r.l Uxwk* t 8trs«l.)
f7t43a Baata Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz ani Priadpal Way Stations I»tO»r
•iiI3» Newark. t>n tprrKle.8in.Iose.Fel ton.
BunlderCte«ii..S*i;UCiiu tad Ws*
Sutioi.s ••»*•»
t*il3r Nawazs, Cotiterrllle. Han Jos*. Now
A)!n»Jfn. r*ltoa. HouMer Crook.
Bants (iui aad l'rloeipal War
.Stations t ••«•¦»•»
*4tMf Newark, hso Jose. Loa Gates •*:»•»
gttlir Glenwood. Felton. Baata Crai ««t3»4
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtsaSlS ritlSUCO— Tnt •' aarkit SUnl(S!l»l) —
*7:18 9 00 11 00 A.M. Jl-:; •!::: t3-.3»
•t:M tic: *8^:r.ii.
htm OillllB— fnl*. r iruJ».f.— *8;00 800 10 .09*. M.
tU:C3 '1:33 t2:C3 ; 3:C3 H;33 •*£>.*.
COAST DIVISION (Broad 4Uag«).
(Third .i»d TownsenU «it3L)
t«ilt)A Ocean View. South San Francisco.. 1«>M»
t?tvO. S»n Jo«« ami Way SUtimis (Ne*
Alm«4eT< W^lnnJaTaoul;) *lltt«
t~>se* Samlay ExcunioD for Saa Jowa.
Santa Cruz. PacUe Qro*o aad
Frincin! W i? s-^tioas t»iMf
•tiOO» h»u Juso. Trea Ptuus. MaiiU Cms,
r»c(::e Orota. J'«r» Knblr*. O*n
I.uls Ohi.r.,., turf. I.ompoc tnd
rrh.cii.il War XUtloiis •«:!«?
'iBitOi Saa Jose and Wt; Stations •<*,:(*»
•UlSltA SanJoae.IxMsGatoawo.lWaTStaUons *3<3Or
t'l:l'ir8iu Matvo, Knlwootl, Menlo Park,
Pk'.o Alto, riant* CUra. h»» Jos*.
Tret fir.cn. 8»ntn Cm, Stlfnu.
MontrreysMil I'aeine GroTt t|O : :t« 4
t'lSir S«a .losr auti Way Stations ........ *7:lOf
MslSv «uJoH<iut Principal Way Stations *9i43a
t3:OOr Saa Joi- L03 (!»•.» and Prind^al
W»» SUt!ons f»:O»»
*3:30p Sas Jnaa »nd Principal Way SUUom tS:33*
*<t:30r San Jqm*m1 Wat .Station* t a iOO«
«ll;45r San Jcs» an.l Way SHations »7;3»r
A for Mornini P for Afternoon.
•D»:ly. t »u»/ay ««r--.; e d. I Sunday only.
9 8aturvlaf vr.'.f.
• Saturday and Rv -• ' • » - q ';nday and Moaday.
RAIiLROAD TRAVEI*
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
TTie toMowine marriage licenses were Issued
y«rter<!ay.
UattM Mlrabclla, 32. S15 Val'.ejo street, and
Apatina Mirabella. 21. C15 Vallejo street.
E. Gordon Mines. 28. New York City, and
Eva Moore, 37. New York City.
Fred \V. Gamph. JS. Portland. Or., and Abble
S. Vo'.'.mer. 26. city.
Charles E. I.yon. l~'. Oakland, and Gunelie
Warnes. 25. West Rerlteley.
Charles Gerrlsh. :s. Benlcla, and Rose A. Au
Clair 'J2, Oakland.
William M. McGrath. 26. US Lundy lane, and
Christir.a J. Walther. 20. U2V4 Erie street.
Frank R. Schrr.id. 3S 11 Adalr street, and
Emily von Pprekelsen. 15. 165 San Carlos ave.
, Bernard Tirr.mir.s. 41. 322 Maine street, and
Julia Steele. 3S, 210 Mlnr.a street.
Conrad E. Scheel. 24, 1U3H Br>'ant street, and
Kat» M. Slebecker. M. 2509 Humboldt street.
Steve O. Traversaro, «4. 1315 Ptockton street,
and Ennlr.ia Zucca. 23. 1S15 Stockton «treet.
James S. Wyatt. 2*. California Hotel, and
Florence Garrlsjere, 23. S60 gutter Street.
William EX Vareoe, 23. 43S Van Ness avenue,
and Ellen M. Collins. 22. 1129 Eddy street.
Robert L. Robertson. 24. Vallejo. and M'.na
D. Irvine. 23. 703 York street.
Jchn F. Marron. 22. city, and Catharine M.
Ftewart, 19. city.
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-flrsl
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TRUCCONE— In this city. June 14. 1300, Frank
Truccone. a native cf Italy, aged S2 years. A
member of San Joaqutn Lodge No. 151, I. O.
O. F.. Antlcch, Cal., and Court Somersvllle
No. 162. F. of A.. Somersvllle. Contra Costa
County. Cal.
ZECH— In this city, June 14. 1900. Tillle A..
dearly beloved wife of William F. Zech,
daughter of P. M. and Barbara Ohmels, and
sister of John, Charles, Cecelia and Hugs
Ohmels of New York, a native of New York,
City, aged 26 years & months and 9 days.
P/^^1llP The Watchdog for tho Gddfieltfs, j
I $ w [t cite3 whsn il barKS - Jt wi!1 P rQt5ct y° ur claSm
Wkmhesfer
i^wf/yJ! I Ammunition
Always reliable, sold everywhere, Send name and
address on a postal card fcr 16C-paga illustrated
h^^^^^M^J Winchester Repeating Arms Co:,
\W^!M~vJ$i~'i 4 1 ** '^ ariKe t St., San Francisco, Ca!.
6o |
D0LLAR5 |
Santa Fe Ronte. %
+ ? 2
Excursion tickets will be 9
sold on June 29th and 9
30th good for 60 days to J
come back. The rate is ©
made for the Democratic •
National Convention, but 9
any one can use the •
tickets. S
Kansas City I
AN D BACK. ft
628 Market Street. 8RENO, June 14.— Following are Califor
nia couples that have married In Reno
during the last year. There ls no record
as to which of these, are divorcees, but
the greater number are such marriages
as Judge Belcher has just declared are
illegal and void:
18J£-Adolph Lada to Lillian E. M.
Baker. San Francisco. June 4: Joseph
Naughton to Louise Van Akin, Sacramen
to, June 4; Thomas B. McGlmsey to Alice
Austin, San Francisco, June 5; Norman
Welbanks and Fanny F. Kxickman, San
THE RENO RECORD.
California Couples Who Were Mar
ried Across the State Line.
From the foregoing views it follows that at
the time th* plaintiff and Joseph M. Wood en
tered into the contract in suit and at the time
they Intermarried in the State of Nevada, the
plaintiff possessed no legal capacity to marry
any person 'save her divorced and then living
husband. Smith, and as a corollary— the facts
considered— that the plaintiffs contract was
against the law and cannot be enforced.
It will be seen from this decision that,
while working the undoing of an ante
nuptial contract, the Judge has done no
more than refer to the traveling mar
riages, but In doing so he has dealt them
all a facer, and the contracting parties
are put In such a position that they may
have to call in the parson and have him
tie the knot over again.
There is. hope in the Supreme Court,
however, but there is not much, for love
Is a thing unknown in its decisions and
neglected 5n Its pleading, but it may be
that Dan Cupid may appear for plaintiff
and secure a decision favorable to those
he has got in such a fix.
The contract In suit was entered into in Cali
fornia and ls sought to be enforced In Califor
nia, Confessedly if the marriage of the plain
tiff and Joseph M. Wood had taken place, in
California it would have been void. Is the
ante-nuptial contract a valid contract merely
because the marriage was performed in an
other Jurisdiction?
Section 61. Civil ! Code, contains no penal
clause as stated, but it does contain words of
nullity and words which suspend the operation
of the decree: that is, words of personal disa
bility affecting the parties 'to the decree for the
full period of one year, and these, in my es
timation, cannot be avoided by merely Invok
ing another Jurisdiction for that purpose.
The language of the statute ls unambiguous
and but one interpretation is possible. The
law of domicile is Invoked and the law of domi
cile controls. No other Jurisdiction can relieve
against it. The plaintiff had full knowledge of
the law when she made the contract in ques
tion and, being herself the inhibited party, has
nothing to complain against in view of an ad
verse decision. This view would be different, of
course, if she were the Innocent party, but
she entered into the contract open-eyed. Ue
sldes counsel have shown that she is in fact
provided for as a residuary legatee of the tes
tator, Joseph M. Wood, and that a homestead
has been carved out of his estate and set apart
vlded for her as his wife. She made claim
to his estate for the amount of her con
tract money, and this was denied by Judge
Troutt, before whom the estate was being
probated, bo she sued before Judge Belch
er to compel the performance of the con
tract by Wood's executors. And now
Judge Belcher has not only refused to al
low her anything on the ante-nuptial con
tract, that he says was not followed by
a marriage, but he has kicked the whole
matrimonial bucket over and has spilled
hearts in every direction.
Irays Down the Law.
In his opinion Judge Belcher refers to
section 61 of the Civil Code, which ls the
one referring to the rights of divorced
persons to remarry, and which was
amended by the Legislature in 1S97 to pro
hibit their remarriage under any circum
stances until a year after the decree has
been granted. Proceeding on from this
reference he says:
The purpose of the section as amended by the
rider of 1S9T was to correct a great public evil
which had become too rife— to put a stop to
marriages within the period of an appeal from
the decree of divorce, which might be and
sometimes had been reversed, with great ecan
d&l to the parties who had married again. It
ls proper for the Btate to regulate marriages.
If this power to regulate did not exist there
would often be Indecent and Bhockinf? associa
tions of the eexee — even Incestuous and polyg
amous marriages could be contracted. Un
doubtedly it ls immoral and against public pol
icy that a divorced person 6hould be permitted
to contract a lecal marriage pending the right
of appeal and while it is yet uncertain what
the final ludement will be. The rider to the
section, therefore, 1b addressed to the effect
of the decree— something entirely within the
control of the law-making power and its effect
ls to regulate or establish the status of the par
ties to it during the period named.
The status of unmarried persons is controlled
by other statute*. Not all unmarried persons
may legally marry. Even when they are of
proper age unmarried persons are in some in
stances disabled from legally contracting mar
riage. In some Jurisdictions one or the other
party to an action for divorce ls, after decree,
perpetually disabled from contracting a legal
marriage. In this Jurisdiction both parties to a
divorce proceeding, after decree, are for the
full period of one year .therefrom, disabled
from marrying any other persons than them-
Eelve6. The divorcees may marry but within
the period of one year from the date of their
decree neither of them can legally marry any
save the other party to the divorce proceedings.
To be sure, there is no penalty attached to
disobedience of the law; nevertheless, the law,
though it will not punish the disobedience, will
not recognize in those who disobey it (whatever
their contract may be) any status other than
that which it fixes Itself, which, in the instance
of a divorced person marrying any other than
the person mentioned in the statute within the
period of disability, is that of an "unmarried
person."
Not a Xiegal Marriage.
Francisco, June 5; J. Llewellyn Williams
to Mollie E. Chase, Oakland, June 6;
Gurden C. Awbrey to Dellc Creighton,
oiiasta County, June 12; Edward Vale to
Carry K. I'epinn, San Francisco, June 17;
Robert R. Dalzell to Cora M. Blakesley,
San Francisco, June 19; Jacob Nuckolls
to Mrs. Emma West, San Francisco, June
19; Joseph Beccuti to Enrlchella Domo
ronio, San Francisco, June 14; Henry H.
Macvine to Josepmne Bonnett, San Fran
cisco. June 21; i-tichard P. Sorenson to
Jensine f. Sorenson, San Francisco, June
22; William E. Hasklns to Margarete A.
Stevens, San Jose, June 24; Benjamin
Adler to Frederloka V. Dunbar, San
Francisco, June 26; Gideon S. Brower to
Elizabeth A. Neilson, Fresno, 'June 27;
Charles A. Kelly to Emma F. La Bralrfc,
Petaluma, June 28; Sheridan Vincent to
Rose B. Morrow, Tulare, July 1; John W.
Macbride to Ethel C. Smith, Shasta Coun
ty. July 2; Frederick Kllllan to Annie La
Daum, Sacramento, July 3; Frederick
Belcher to Sarah O. Regan, Jamestown,
July 3; Burrell G. Smith to Addle Garling
tonhouse. San Francisco, July 3; Chester
M. Harmon to Clara M. Hauser, Fresno,
July 3; Alonzo Kingsbury to Flora J.
Stenhouse, San Francisco, July 4; E. B.
Valenzuela to Anna Boero, San Francisco,
July 4; Martin J. Troy to Edna G. Snook,
San Francisco, July 6; Alfred Donahue Co
Viola Doughty, Redding, July 7; Eugene
H. Bruce to Grace G. Mason, Marysville,
July 8; Harry H. O'Dell to Julia Shanna
han, San Francisco, July 15; John M.
Evans to Elizabeth A. Kenney, San Fran
cisco, July 15; Charles P. Lorensen to
barah Shane, Placer County, July 17;
Henry James Nichols to Galbie Thomp
son, Crockett City, July 17; Charles F.
Infield to Mary E. Shields, Sacramento,
July 19; Albert C. Rodgers to Annie Brad
flelds, Los Angeles, July 20; Rolla W.
Doig to Lucretla B. West, Sacramento,
July 23; Richard James to Rosie Quirola,
Sierra City. July 26; Joseph R. Watson Jr.
to Abby Fassett, Oakland, July 26; Wil
liam T. Tindall to Mary H. Heimtzen,
Marysville, July 26; Otto A. Singleton to
Lulu Cushman, Colusa, July 27; Virgil M.
Chamberlain to Jessie Hampton, Santa
Rosa, July 29; Clifton E. Brown to Ida
May Howard, Truckee, July 31; Joseph
C. O'Neill to Ida L. Will, San Francisco,
August 5; George H.. O. Sunderhaus to
inaude V. Miller, Butte County, August
5; Newt W.: Redman to Lillie Efhardt,
Coulterville, August 9; William S. Costner
to Edith Lehy, Newman, August 9; Platt
B. Elderkin to Marie A. Bidwell, San
Francisco, August 11; Arthur Schloes to
aarah Degman, San Francisco, August 14;
ivi.ark C. NVood to Lulu M. Butz, Visalia,
August 14; J. W. Cummins to Jessie E.
Thompson, San Francisco, August 17; Wil
liam T. Gilbert to Julia Shobert, Watson
ville, August 17; Peter Sorensen to Niel
sine Anderson, San Francisco, August 17;
Joseph Robinson to Callie VestelrMendo-.
clno County, August 19; Theodore E.
Payne to Lettie Hoye, Fresno, August 18;
John. M. Wiegand to Clara A. Black. Si
erra County, August 19;Georffe W. Loeh to
Adele C. Weatherwax, San Francisco,
August 19; Bruce Henderson to Etta Cart
wnght. Red Bluff. August 23; : Richard
Gamble to Sarah Lundin. Amador County,
August 24; Harry, E. Wamsley to Lois L.
Hawthorne, Oakland, August 25; Herman
Schonfelder to Etta Maggee, Oakland,
August 2S; Emil Dun to Lena Brann, Oak
land, August 28; Ernest Muller to Gussie
Miller, Los Angeles, August 28; Bruce D.
Kimmis to Etta E. Brunstine, San Fran
cisco, .December 2; Frank Poe to Mrs.
Phoebe Hays. Tulare County, September
2; Thomas E. Sweeney to Lizzie J. Leach,
Truckee, September 11; John J. Gaynor
to Kate E. Leahi, Eureka, September 5;
Richard A. Dominguez to Alta Gracla
Perez, San Francisco, September 5; Chris
tien Oesch to Kate Stratton, Napa, Sep
tember 6; Lewis Banchg to Louisa
O'Neill, Haywards, September 6; Stephen
L. Handy to Almyra L. Shellard, San
Francisco, September 8; William N. Price
to Catherina Nagle, Oakland, September
10; Frederick A. Osborn to Helena H.
Hen.ne, San Francisco, September 12; Pat
rick James Costella to Mrs. Kate C. Levl,
San Francisco, September 11; Moses A.
Bryan to Lucinda Condon, Redding, Sep-'
tember 13; Simon C. Hornefl to Elizabeth
J. Simonds, Oakland, September 14;
George C. Horneff to Alyce K. .Nickson,
Red Bluff. September 18; Will Lussler to
Annie B. Welden, San Francisco, Septem
ber 22; John E. Russell to Hattie Bird,
Los Angeles, September 23; Dr. Victor G.
Vickl to Clara Holzhausen, San Francisco,
September 25: Francies A. McMahon to
Mary E. Fanning, San Francisco, Septem
ber 26; Albert K. Newman to Emma Van
Cleve, Sierra Valley, September 26;
Thomas A. C. Cox to Leila- A. Stuart, San
Francisco, September 28; Robert H. Cran
age to Alice Dickinson. Sacramento, Sep
tember 28; James M. Moffltt to Ethelynda
A. McCrumskey, Santa Ro3a, October 29;
Peter Pasquelll to Mary Dorge Layolton,
San Francisco, October 6; Burt Patrone
to Nora Walker, Woodland, October 5;
John E. Johnson , to Fuettle Hardester,
Napa, October 7; George Welch to Mae
Lucretla Orvis, San Jose, October 7; Elvin
E. Townsend to Emma Chapman. Wat
son ville, October 11; Grant Trumbull to
Laura Laney, Lassen County. October. 17;
Paul Dubois to Carry Adams, San Fran
cisco, October 18; Dave Norris to Mar
garete Melster, San Francisco, October
19; P. A. Lawson to Ethel Jack, San Fran
cisco, October 23; W. M. Ward to Mrs.L.
J. Hayes. San Francisco. • October 24;
Wyman Bellah to Belle Long, Sonoma
County, October 25; •Thomas B. Morrow
to Laura V. Doran, Stockton, October 25;
Robert H. Love to Maude Lindlg. Sacra
mento. October 26: .Walter B.' Estes to
Nina B. Johnson, Overton. November 2;
Thomas A. Pettius to Lydia Sculike, San
Francisco. November 5; Joseph T. Sur
bough to Ophelia R. Adams, Colusa Coun-
1900— John Blohm to Caroline Jusch,
Woodbridge, January 20; David J. Thomas
to MelsenaJ. Rich, San Francisco, Janu
ary 24; George T. Gray to Minnie T. Ber
ger, San Francisco, January 23; W. D.
Calloway to Louise E. Campanl, • Placer
ville, January 8; Leon D. Harris to Mary
E. Evans, Butte County, January 27; Ran
dolph-P. Roper to Annie -. Corty, Napa,
January'30; Lapsley D. Armstrong to
Margaret F. Corty, Los Angeles, 1 January.
28; Charles L. Brace to Minnie A. Mc-
Gregor, Oakland, January 28; William S.
Judklns to Mary J. Burney, Satley, Jan
uary 23; - Harvey * W. Masac to Mary, W.
Davis, Los Angeles, February 3; Louis .W.
Lennlger toNenna A. Cutler, San Fran.
Cisco, February 3; . Lee Pearson to Saran
E. Gilbert. San Jose. January 5; Sam Solo
mon to Esther Wolff,' San Francisco, Jan
uary 5; Patrick .Troy to Eliza Rope, San
Francisco. February 10: Philip F. Good
man to Addle Gallard, Sutter Creek, Feb
ruary-3; Andrew-B. Gerlach' to ~ Annie
Graeter, Sacramento, February 7; "Nicho
las C.-Kosta to Lillian T. Nolan. Oakland,
February .'9; A. H.: Bocarde to Lillian
Mehler, San Francisco, February 13; Lov.
ell Rickabaugh to Grace M. Nolan; San
Francisco. February '6; Otto Wlesman to
Agatha Horn, San Francisco, February
17; -James- S. Harrison to Laura -E.
Hlckok, San Francisco, February 10;
Thomas J. Qulnn to Mary M. Gilllck, Vol-
ty, November 6; Joe E. Plenty to Mary
Silva. Oakland. November 6; Charles II.
Albright to Jessie May Allen, Los Gatos.
November 8; Frank A. Allen to P^mellne-
Wardrobe, Stockton, November 9; Robert
F. Ball to Sarah E. Province, Fresno,
November 9; William M. Gibson to Ger
trude L,. Walling. Stockton, Novem
ber 10; Thomas O. Wingate to Dora
Thompson. San Francisco, November 10;
Charles F. Miller to Sadie E. Ingsam,
Truckee. November 10; John F. Mackee to
Lottie M. Sewell, Magatie, November 13;
Mat Antonovich to Marie Baker, San
Francisco, November 13; Walter S. Boyd
to Callie Sims, Dunsmulr, November 13;
Josiah Duftield to Lena E. Armstrong,
Keswick, November 15; Charles C. Turner
to Margaret Van Norman. Oakdale, No
vember 15; William Carter to May Ed
wards, Fresno, November 19; James K.
Hamilton to Grace- D. Wetwerth, Ala
meda, November 19; Herman Hoist to
Mary Peterson. San Francisco. November
20; Harry B. Mulford to Nellie G. Mart
land, San Francisco, November 21; Fran
cis H. Randall to Clara MacConnell, Sac
ramento, November 22; Harvey R. Steph
ens to Martha J. Henson, San Francisco.
November 23; William Staples to May
Houz, Eureka, November 23; Juan Jose
Arzava to Esther Silver Elorduy, San
Francisco. November 23; George E. Ellis
to Leora E. Swenson, Stockton, November
25; John H. Lee to Mary E. -Ellis, Sart
Francisco, November 25; William H. Bai
ley to Ada Maulsby, San Francisco, No
vember 26; Frederick L. Wissman to Jes
sie Hopkins. San Francisco. November 29;
Alfred Hocking to Isabelle Cook, San
Francisco, November 29; F. H. Wheeler
to Marie W. Jackson, San Francisco, No
vember 30; George O. Allen to Llllie May
Wells, Sacramento, December 4; Harvey
E. Wetherby to Barbara E. Bauer. San
Francisco, December 1; Manuel Faustlno
to Marie Oreves, Vallejo, December 5;
Samuel Femburg to. Sarah McDonald. San
Francisco, December fi; William C. Koch
endorfer to Mary H. Hogan, San Jose, De
cember 6; Joseph H. Johnson to Sarah A.
Caine, San Francisco, December 10;
G«orge W. Graves to Lillian A. Rainer,
Alameda. December 13; John D. Richie to
Emma Randolph, Sacramento, December
17; William A. Rainier to Josephine
Graves, Elmhurst, December IS; John F.
Corrlca 'to Mary F. Duarte, San Fran
cisco, "December 18; Charles D. Roe to
Grade M. Prochold, Amadee, December
18; Joseph L. Smith to Katie Rodegerdts,
Sacramento. December 19; Thomas -A.
Craln to Mabel J. Bingham, Beckwlth,
December 20; Drury P. Osborn to Dora
King, Fresno, December 30; Frank
J. Bylngton to Agda McNatt
Ochda-gde Remme, San Francisco.
December 31; Randolph H. Harrison
to Belle M. Gans, San Francisco,
January 3,n900; John Vernon Klmball to
Marion F. Featherstone. San Francisco,
January 8; William S. Alexander to Ber
tha S. Lunda; San Francisco. January 8;
John H. Barhill to Allle Logan, Lbs An
geles, January 10; William. S..Osbourn to
Ella Clifton, Covelo, January 10; Joshua
P. Abbott to M. G. Abbott. Antioch, Jan
uary 10; Albert S. Woodbrldge to Helena
S. Ogden, Oakland, January • ll; Henry
Sims to Mary E. Long, San Francisco,
January 11; Hector O. ' Legue to Mary
Smith. Allegheny, January 18; Douglas R.
Blacklott to Leoni I. Barr. San Francisco,
January. 18; Benjamin J. V. Merle to
Emma J. Harris. Crockett, January 17;
Jacob Peter to Elizabeth P. Olsen, Rodeo,
January 18; William -Wright to Mrs. H.
Spears, Sierra Valley. January 18; William
Caldwell to Emma Klemkauf, San Fran
cisco, January 17; Henry Dunlap to Mrs.
Katherina Langham, San Francisco, Jan
uary 15; Reuben S. Boone to Alice Lewis,
Woodbridge, January 15; Robert Ful
ler to Johannah F. Melnert, Fruit
vale, January 22; John Querren to
Laura Smively, Tracy, January 20;
Oscar A. Florey to Alma O. Porter, San
Jose. December 2; William Darling to Jen
nie Bowden, Amador, December ?3; Eu
gene F. Pratt to Lena K. Cline, Golden
Gate, December 25; Everett S. Ede to Sa
die Hobson, San Jose, December 25; Fred
R. Hitchcock to Ella Holden, Sander,
December 26; Eugene N. Deuprey to Flor
ence Craig, San Francisco, December 28;
George A. Smith to Amelia Anderson,
Oakland, December 28; John F. Townes to
Etta N. Knowles. Oakland, December 29;
Charles A. Schild to Clara - A. Dorman,
Yreka, December 29.
The Judge, the Severed Couple and the Defeated God of Love.
(Altogether, since the law was passed, there have been over 800 couples from this State seeking
in Reno release from the one-year provision.) » .
tT in proper for the State to regulate marrlasres. . <
Undoubtedly it is Immoral and ngalnnt pnblic policy tliat a divorced person should be permitted *
to contract a leicnl marriage pending the right of appeal and while it is yet uncertain what the final .
Jadirment Trill be.
The purpose of the wectlon (61 of the Civil Code) was to put a atop to marriages within tne #
period of an appeal from the decree of divorce.
The Mntii* of nnmarrled persons ls controlled by other statutes. Not all unmarried persons may •
Ieffnllr marry. In thin Jurisdiction both purlieu to a divorce proceeding, after decree, are for the tall |
period of a year therefrom disabled from marrying any other perionx than themselves.
Section 01 contains words of nullity, and these cannot be avoided by merely invoking another .
Jurisdiction for that purpose. .
¦ The law ot domicile Is invoked and the law of domicile controls. No other Jurisdiction can re- .
lleve against It.
The plaintiff possessed no legal capacity to marry any person save her divorced and then living <
husband. . J
THERE will be broken hearts and
marriage bond* piled high In the
scrap heap If the Supreme Court
does not stand In with Dan Cupid |
and undo the marital mischief Judge
Boleher is working. He has declared from
the bench and in an opinion riled yester
day that "Reno" marriages are not what
they should be— In fact are nothing at all,
and with a rubber stamp and a file mark
he has threatened to sever all hearts that
were made one acrofs the border and in
defiance of the divorce laws of this State.
And all because Mrs. Abble Rose Wood
wants some of the money left by the man
she thought was her husband.
Ever since the Legislature sought to
throw an extra obstacle in the way of
the loving: by putting a time limit on their
affections Nevada has been the refuge
of the lovelorn who cannot wait- The
code says a person divorced may marry
again only after a year has passed from
the time of the decree, but Nevada un
derstood how It was. She had ministers
herself with just as grood a marriagre cere
mony as could be found In California; so ;
the legally single sought her sands Jn
blocks of five, including the witness, and
ecored one on the home State. But now
Judge Belcher declares that California '
law will not stand for Fuch a proceeding;
that the fact that couples go over 10
Nevada especially to evade the law of Cal
ifornia is sufficient to nullify the min
ister's blessing: and though wedded the
travelers are singularly smgle-
Where Are They AtP
There are close to two thousand people
who, having been freed from one matri
monial tangle, plunged into another be
fore the season ooened and did so by
means of the friendly offices of the sister
State. According to the opinion of Judge
Belchfr they have not been married at
ell and in consequence their position is
an interesting: one. The central idea of
the opinion ls that the matrimonial emi
grants are domiciled in California; that
they peek Nevada for a special purpose,
and that one forbidden by the laws of
this: State — their domicile; that they never
give up their domicile in this State and
that they return and resume it as soon
as they have done what is forbidden hero.
What would be illegal here is illegal else
where, the Judge contends, when people
po elsewhere to evade home laws and then
return home ¦when they have accom
plished their purpose.
Simply an Evasion of the Law.
It was contended In opposition to this
that a marriage legal in the place where
it is solemnized ls legal everywhere, but
Judge Belcher evidently takes into consid
eration the intent to evade the home law
as outweighing other contentions, for he
says in his opinion that under the laws of
their own State matrimonial pilgrims have
no right to marry any one except their
divorced spouses until a year after the de
cree of divorce. He does not consider
change of location any plea for legality
so long as they retain their residence in
California.
The case that has caused all this trouble
is a suit brought by Abble Rose Wood
against the estate of Joseph M. Wood to
recover $10,000, the amount specified as
consideration In an ante-nuptial contract,
in which she agreed to allow Wood to do
as he pleased with his property after mar
riage. This contract was made In Decem
ber. 1S97, five months after she had been
granted a divorce from Robert S. Smith.
The legal propriety of this State suggest
ed that 6he wait until the following July
before she linked hearts and hands with
"Wood, but they could not wait so long
with Reno bo rear, so they fled to the
Nevada town and were Bpliced on January
1. 1891 They did not know what legal pos
sibilities were in the ceremony.
Wood died in June. 1S98. a month before
the probation of the former Mrs. Smith
should have ended, and in his will he pro-
A Decision That
May Sever Over
Eight Hundred
Couples.
Case Not Yet Completed, and Pro
ceedings Postponed Until
To-Morrow.
The application for a writ of mandate
to secure for Frederick J. Patek, a cred
itor of the city, some of the St. Mary's
Park fund/was on trial toefore Judge Sea
well. yesterday morning. It was not fin
ished, however, .a postponement being
taken until to-morrow morning, at which
time Mr.- McEnerney will close the argu
ments. ¦
The attorneys for the petitioner opened
the argument In the morning. It was
contended that there had been no specific
assignment of part of the tax levy nor
of the money raised from It to any such
purpose as the establishment of a public
park to be known, as St. Mary's Park.
That being the case • it * was claimed the
Treasurer had no power to form such a
fund arid no right to assign any- of the
public taxes to such a fund.
Harry. Creswell appeared for the,Audi
tor. He called attention to the fact that
by resolution of the Board of Supervlso.-s
the improvement was -provided for In the
tax levy by raising the rate 3 cents ana
33 mills, and that even If there had been
no special provision for such a fund stil!
the tax levy spoke for itself and it was
proof that, it .was. the Intention to form
such' a fund and that the money was
collected from the people for just such
a purpose and no other. •
!'7r«r>*« ¦ m ¦ i ¦ ' ¦ -
Postage Stamp Advertised Picnic.
The Letter Carriers' Association 'held a
special meeting atPostofflce Station A on
Wednesday on call of W. H. McNuIty of
the -picnic committee to consider the ob
jection made by the postal authorities to
the use. of a postage stamp reproduction
on the advertising banner for the picnic
to>be held at Schuetzen Park, July , l, by
the letter carriers of this city. Secret
Service Agent Hazen had objected to the
stamp as contrary, to the United States
laws. ¦ He : said, however, that what ' had
been exhibited would not be objected to
but- that- no -more' use of -the stamp for
advertising, would-be permitted.
MORE ARGUMENT ON THE
ST. MARY'S PARK FUND
cano, February 20; Ferdinand E. "Wood to
Nancy E. Sheridan, Redding, February 20:
August Genster to Seraphine Day, San
Francisco, February 23; Benjamin Albert
Curtaz to Alice May Hesse, San Fran
cisco, February 11; William C. Cain to
Alta Alspaugh Lincoln, San Francisco.
February 15; Aaron W. Hill to Lottie
Weaver. Fresno, February 26; W. W. Ful
ler to Nuta E. Modle, San Francisco,
February 26; Lawrence J. Hagerty to
Emma L, Gabriel, San Francisco, Febru
ary 16; George W. Edwards to Elizabeth
Nicholson, San Francisco, February' 26;
Charles B. Burr to Mamie B. Bond. Mor
gan Valley, February 28; Henry F. Bonnl
fleld to Ethel L. Bogard, Ukiah, March 1;
rsarso Leppl to Eugenie Porter, Sacra
mento, March 8; John M. Cooper to Joel
len Boring, Pasketa, March 9; G. S.
Brown to Miss Georgia* Hall, San Fran-
Cisco. March 12; C. A. Fullerton to Katie
Green, Santa Rosa, March 12; J. L. Wil
son to M. C. Woods, San Francisco, March
12; J. M. Caulson to Mrs. Bessie Logan,
Idria, March 14; William J. Belcher
to Susie E. Cain, Sacramento, Feb
ruary 18; Herbert H. Huntley to
Jennlo E. Fagg. Vinton, March 7;
D. J. Walsh to Mary Freeman, San Fran
cisco. March 19; W. L. Smith to Carrie H.
Wood, Oakland. March 20; Samuel R.
Johnson to Mary E. Sllva, Sacra
mento, March w5; Joseph Reed to
Amy Sllvey, Brbderick, February 27;
Carlos Casaez de Caro to Lillian May
Templeton. San Francisco, March 23; John
H. King to Mary M. Wilkinson, San Fran
cisco, March 28; Sylvester Pearl to Fannie
L. Johnson, San Francisco, March 31;
Rubin M. Bean to Harriet J. Cooper, San
ta Margarita, March 27; Abraham -G. Ja
cobs to Mildred H. Armara, San Fran
cisco. March 31 f Wallace Crosby to Min
nie Wilson, Redding, March 30; Charles
Warwrath to Minnie A. Dean, Sacra
mento, April 2; James H. Martin to Lucy
A. Coats, Healdsburg. March 25; Peter
Coordt to Jennie Stone, San Francisco,
April 2; David B. J. Smith to Margaret
Hill, College City, April 9; Mirian W.
Littlefleld to Marguerite F. Richmond,
San Francisco, April 9; Robert Buchanan
to Emily Whitaker, San Francisco, April
11: Michael Broedel to Mellie Delvack,
San Jose, April 11; Albert J. McFarland
to Edith Graves, San Francisco, April 19;
John Francis Stanley Russell to Mollie
Cook, London. England, April 15; Orrln
Ralph to Celia E. Gulnn, Sonora, March
2S; Louis Rannelll to Minnie Jonas, Oak
land, April 18; Marlus Burnett to Mlgnos
Wares, San Francisco, April 17; Alford
Holmes to Isabel Fernandez. New Idria,
April 17; I. J. Waters to Lucy Cahlll, Fort
Bragg-, April 21; Joseph Lutza to Jane
Fuller, San Francisco, April 26; W. L.
Carson to Nellie Lawson, Oakland, April
26; Harry Erutig to Maud Fisher. Gilroy,
April 27; Edwin M. Carson to Olive F.
Oruver, San Francisco, April 29; Toby G.
Hughes to Flora Seibert, San Francisco,
April 30; John P. Shumate to Ida B. Dick
son, Sacramento, April 30; Hermann En
gel to Freda Mahler, San Francisco, April
i£; Jasper Williams to Anna Rohr, Sacra
mento. April 23; William B. Geiser to
Maud P. Croley, San Francisco, April 29;
Arthur A. J. Martin to Kathrine A. Mar
tin, San Francisco, May 2; William
Peters • to Julia Block, San Francisco,
May 6; Charles W. Bennett to Anna
A. Palmer, Fresno, May 7; Lewis
Isaac to Mary J. Vicinto, Oakland,
May 11; Frederick L. Handson to
Klla F. Martin, San Francisco, April 16;
G. F. Becker to A. S. Williams. San Fran
clsco, April 16; Julius H. Miller to Emma
Stockton, Healdsburg, April 30; J. R. Nes
bitt to Ellen Rlley, San Francisco. May 2;
James R. Wilson to Laura M. Bradford,
Palo Alto, May 2; George Tuiggs to Eve
lyn Martin, Sacramento, May 8; Luther H.
Phillips to Frances H. Marques, Yreka,
May 9: Abner Wildey to Minnie A. Ham
ilton. Packenta, May 10; Will E. Harris
to Lillian Blachman. San Francisco, May
14; Frederick Gramberg to Minnie Lare,
San Francisco, May 16; Frank Hailing to
Aline Kutzer, San Francisco, May 17;
John H. Cantrell to Mary E. Henderson.
Redding, May 18; Frank C. Nelson to Har
riet A. Scott, Sacramento, May 17; Arthur
E. Crozler to Laura Colter, Sacramento,
May 19: Walter B. Blrdsall to Carrie Cun
ningham, San Francisco, May 19; August
Schivo to Kittle Patrino, Santa Rosa, May
22; John Q. Arnott to Ida C. Baker, Oak
land, May 24; Alexander "K. Percival to
Mary B. Odell, Oakland, May 28; Joseph
Goddard to Annie Smith. San Francisco.
May 27; James E. Griswold to Beatrice
Thompson, Sacramento. May 28; George
H. O'Day to Cora L. O'Day, San Fran
cisco, May 28; John H. Weddle to
Sophie Mattley, Sutter Creek. May 16;
Charles P. Harriman to Ella R. Johnson,
Colusa, May 25; Charles H. Lord to Ida
Mulligan, Los Angeles, May 26; John P.
Drury to Sara J. Yates. Eureka, May 26;
John E. Davis to Llllle M. Banta. San
Jose, May 21; G. D. Hirschler to Julia F.
Hasovcr. Florlston, June 1; A. G. Dear
don*, to Julia McLenan, San Francisco
May 27; Frederick P. Henrich to Margaret
L. Pease. Sacramento. June 2; Robert A.
Stit to Mrs. Cora M. Stone. San Francis
co, June 4; Maurice M. Durbin to Mar
guerite Fulton, San Francisco, June 6; Ju
lius C. Ddbbel to Mrs. Maggie L. Hilton,
Haywards, June 6; Albert Gelsselmann to
Helen Clevers. San Francisco. June 6;
Charles F. Seiss to Amelia Bischoff. San
Francisco, June 7; James A. W. Wardale
to Debora Hefferman, San Francisco, June
12; Guy H. Cornell to Mrs. Mabel Holmes
Sonora. June 8; Henry Olsen to Pauline
Fessler, San Francisco, June 12; Ira W
Stroud to Mary E. Burton. San Dipgo,
June 13; John O. Miller to Edna E. Cart
wright, San. Francisco, May 29; John Gent
to Mary Carr, Oakland. May 30; Mark S
Morse to Harriet E. Robinson. Oakland
May 30; Joseph A. Manor to Muriel M
Horan. Williams. June 3; Henry E Leav
itt to Ella L. Butler, San Francisco June
7; Charles B. Overacker to Edna S. Ham
mer. Oakland, June 9; George H. Joesink
to Mabel V. Soute. Sacramento, June 9*
John A. Keler to Mrs. Mary F. Sargent
Oakland, June 12.
Judge -Belcher De
clares Void. Ne
vada Marriage of
the Divoreed.
SOME POINTS FROM THE COURT'S DECISION.
THAT LITTLE TRIP TO RENO MAY HAVE MEANT A
CEREMONY, BUT IT DID NOT MEAN A WEDDING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 1900.
14
Grey
Enamel Ware.
Prices Cat
Away Down.
Come Just to Look.
Great Americai IbwhUbe Tea Ci
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
n&-?12 Grant Ave. (Bet. Sutter and Pott).
Ul Market EL <Opp. Powell).
340 Sixth St.
EU Hayes St. Tit Third St.
141* Polk St. C2l Montcomery At*
itJ6 Mitclon St. 70S Larkin 8t.
10OC Sixteenth St. ISIS Deriaadere St.
J4C Ninth St. <7S Haieht St.
:COS Flllmor* St. ZtSl Mission St.
tZ M&rket St. 2712 24th St.
OAKLAND STORES.
]CU Wachlnctoa &u tie £. 12th St.
12Z7 Broadway. ll« Z2d Avi.
liltl Seventh St. 12U Park Bt^ AlameiU.
MARKET and POST STREETS.
Will close their
store at 3 P. M.
on Saturdays,
and other busi-
ness days at S
P. M. June 3Oth
to September
1st, inclusive.
SHREYE & COMPANY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I SHEET MUSIC :
I >/2 OFF \
* TO EVERYBODY. *
t PIANOS SOLD at $4 P£B KONTfl. {
* NO INTEREST. +c
*S. F. MUSIC CO.,'*
* 225 SURER ST.. abote Kearny. *
O* ************ ¥¥¥¥¥4O
ADVEHTISOCEUTS.
Ladies' tailor-made suits, silk «klrts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 528 Sutter.*
¦¦ GALABARGAIN~|ftJ
y||Ji§ Friday and Saturday w\
ijaSSSnl/ On 0 UP Second Floor in Our /SSSfe
||gSrm Popular Juvenile Department. \rM&W } /i
I \^ \\a School daj-s are over. And now the little chao \1^\l I //
I Xill/V w111 £° rollicking. Jumping and have all the fun 1/ Wll A
1 \l / that he deserves, for his vacation days are at 1/ \V///
I \\ hand, and we have all the things that ha requires; II viff
I ' K*— _ A] that he can knock about In; that he can have fun • / \ u£
> I! in: that he can keep comfortable in, and that he / J r^^
¦will look nice in — everything that he needs, mind I yVAl
\M>J you, in wearables, and of course at tha Frisco I '///Ul
\ A Y Boys' tiny prices. .. I //ll W)
!Two Right Swell Fashions Rl 1^^
When we scy ripht swell fashions, we mean ' vWpvjSJ'ih
the smartest things in Juvenile finery of the- aea- 1 *J<CS$T
Those two suits which we picture in thla ad* \\ { *VflTft
vertisement are two very swell creations. \A I >A
The Sailor, with its long trousers, is an ideal v> I
tf W Vrt garment, made from high-class blind cheviot, >. _ \
V I a*w-- V» which is the newest weave in cheviots; handsome- • C^^S^
I Vw$H/fc4cA ly braided, with its ions trousers; pretty emblem « ?x?5fi0!,
I VT^5*$«^iri on tne shield, with its French cuff; a handsomely I$J0j^Jf>
I WlTTr^ L& gotten up suit; one that you would never regret fuffT^
I w/// Jx) paying $6 60 to $7 for. j> kJJ. »|7
ft yeJn'MS Th ' s ls one ot the thln P s we invite you to for *\V/ I// *S
fl jLylf^ Friday and Saturday matinee. At . %T\ ]l
IS? \fA Sizes 3 to 10 years. " W jl
U /tM7 That manly little suit which you see plctured% VU |l
' m /MrA with the vest. Is one of the suits that we hava V\\ JK >
fh \yjS5§& taken the town by storm with. i/) \\\(W£.
u\jrj&?3$ It's a pretty little douMe-breasted silk bro- ff/ \\V/wS
\M ivFSSk caded vest in plaid, and the coat and trousers ara X\ WtjZ&Z
T/VlwflSi of that very handsome blind-weave blue cheviot; I \/C<
.. w/£B^flr an awfully dressy affair. We could tax you $S for U /jf\S\ .
Mrl«2? \\ this suit and give you good value at that. .For \\ y/vl jfy
llAai^ \\ chaps between the nse* of 3 and 10 years. Xoth- 'If */(rJ
lAMfll \» Ing prettier, nothing more stylish, nothing half as l|/f fPC?
Eg Jijk \ This is one of the features of our Friday and 1/1/ Jfcif
V vftl 1 Saturday matinee. . At i -. . ., , . : IN //\
Kef/ Of course, we could tell you of other Interest- // \JJL
Wf \ Ins things that we arc going to show for Friday II KV^
M s? and Saturday, but we don't want to use up all the i ii«j>
\LU\ /A valuable space of this paper, and we want to re- \LJ[\
\fA \ serve some surprises for you at the store wnicn J&*Q&
Y2 //J will come to you by the way of a very agreeable >/^>5t
\SU ///¦Ml surprise in price-makinff for hish-clasa big bojs Oi^C^Sk
MM RAPHAEL'S (Inc.), V/W \
(\!rv/ "I Cor * Kcapn y St - and Unicn-Squars Avo. IH (