PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Paper Kill Destroyed.
MTLWAUKEE. Wis.. May 27.— The
Flrvmbeau Paper Company's mill and
warehouse at Park Fall* burned to-day
/^.tailing a loss of J200.00rt. The property
I* well insured. The town was without ade-
M;.;te lire protection and at one time It
**-3 thought it would be totally destroyed
APsistance from Medford and Abbotsford
prevented th© spread ofnhe flames beyond
the paper company** plant. Included in
are t. two P aDer machines valued
at HO.OOO each.
"The situation, both from a military
and a political point of view, has become
very, critical. President Kruger yesterday
admitted that for the first time matters
are very grave. The Boer determination
is to trust everything to, a last stand on
the Gatsrand': Mountains... to | the north I of
Potchefstroom, where 3000 Kaffirs are. dig ¦
ging trenches. To that point every avail
able man j and gun have \ been sent, j The
whole of the western border of the Trans
vaal r from 'end . to end is defenseless and
General Baden-Powell can march in when
hejikes.' Lord Roberts, ; on the other
hand, will- encounter; the greatest resist
ance. • < The ; Boer endeavor is ; to ' lure the
; British into appearing to threaten Johan-
While Lord Roberts' 30,000 infantry, 20.
000 horse and 150 guns are moving on Jo
hannesburg and Pretoria, through a
parched and deserted country, the situa
tion at the Transvaal capital as It was
last Friday * thus described by an ob
server, who~-> nt his message by private
hand' to Lourenzo Marques yesterday:
Situation at Pretoria.
The Boer rear guard Is at Moyerton, ten
miles south- of Vreeniglng. Their main
body Is moving: toward the ' Klip River
hills that cover the south side of Johan
nesburg.
fore the Vaal was crossed, but they were
too late.
Major Hunter Weston and Lieutenant
Earle rode In advance of Lord Roberts
forty miles Into a hostile 'countryj to 'try
to cut the railway behind the Boers be-
Of Lord Roberts' force, eleven men be
longing to the Eighth Mounted Infantry
were the first to ford the river.- They
came upon a Boer patrol looting at Vil
joens Drift and a skirmish lasting ten
minutes followed. Two hundred Boers
tried feebly to hold the Vreenlging col
liery, but they were dislodged.
LONDON. May 2S. 3:20 a. m.— When
Lord Roberts wrote his first dis
patch on Transvaal territory yes
terday, shortly before 2 o'clock in
the afternoon, he was fifty-one
miles from Johannesburg and seventy
seren from Pretoria. His immensely su
perior forces had passed the Vaal River,
their last great natural obstacle, at three
points. The Vaal forms a curve of eighty
miles from Parys on the west to Zand
Drift on the east. The concave of the
current Is toward the Free State. Thus
Lord Roberts, advancing along the rail
way, was in a position to strike any part
of the crescent by shorter lines than
those by which the Boers could reinforce
the threatened points. The Boers re
treated almost without a show of defense.
General French and General Hamilton ap
parently did not fire a shot.
nesburg with attack, an excuse thus be
ing given them for the destruction of
property. The Transvaal Government
will not dare destroy the mines and prop
erty without an excuse. Much dynamite
has been sent down the line and 160,000
cases He ready at Zuurfonteln. near Jo
hannesburg. General Louis Botha and
General Lucas Meyer have pleaded for the
preservation" of property. Both are large
landed proprietors and fear confiscation,
but they have not received satisfactory
replies from President Kruger. Mean
while many French and German adven
turers have come forward with schemes
and Inventions for blowing up the British
troops, and same of these have received
a tacit permission to experiment. On«
German.- invention is for, use on , a rail
way, where it lies perfectly concealed un
til the weight of a passing train explodes
the charge. General Lucas Meyer says
surrender* would be at once proposed by
the Boers; but *. everybody fears tne-." ig
nominy of being .the one to make . the
proposition. He declares that he Is as
sured that his men wllf not stand. Presi»
dent;Steyri and;Mr. Reltz, the Transvaal
State Secretary, are strongly opposed to
peace., but. Kruger is not bo much
against it."
; To Vote on Continuance of War.
. President Kruger's proclamation to tho
President Kruger ffas Issued a Proclamation to the Burghers Asking Their
Votes For or Against Continuing the War.
Boers to Make a Last Stand on the Gafsrand
ROBERTS HAS INVADED THE
TERRITORY OF THE TRANSVAAL
Camp of the Lick Observatory Party at Thomaston, Ga.
(From a photo furnished by Director. James E. Keeler.)
ATLANTA. Ga., May 27. — Cloudless skies are reported to-night from the various impromptu observatories scattered
along the shadow track of to-morrow's eclipse from Alabama to North Carolina. The observers were in a highly
hopeful mood to-night over the favorable outlook for propitious conditions. Many of the astronomers, in order that
even the possibility of accident may be removed, will remain- up all night. Everything id in exact order for the morn
ing's work. The path of the eclipse takes a course across a portion of the globe, starting in the Pacific Ocean at
a point southwest of Cape St. Lucas, in Lower California, It will first be observed on land on the west coast of Mexico,
whence the moon's shadow travels at a velocity of a thousand miles an hour, being "total" at New Orleans at 7:30 o'clock
in the morning and on the Atlantic coast at or near Norfolk about an hour later. . - . ,
The United States observers have settled upon two points— Pinehurst. N. C. and Barnesville. Ga.— as the very best for
observation,' owing, in the first place, to their being right in the center of the "path of totality," and in the second, to the
probable clearness of the atmosphere there at this season of the year. To these points they have transported several tons
of special apparatus and have erected the largest cameras ever used for photographic operations. Jt is the special desire
of the astronomers to obtain numerous photographs, not only of the .oscillation and transit of the Hun and moon but of
the various solar phenomena, such as Ithe corona,' th«f photosphere ..f^nd. chromosphere — those" Vast .seas of incandescent
' gases- which~are said to extend 1.000,000 miles on, each of the sufy, while the jets of flame in. the chromosphere are
thought to rise to a height of 160,000 miles.
The second Government party of observation will take its stand at Tripoli, in North Africa. The results of the observa
tion by the Government forces In Georgia will be cabled to Tripoli, where the astronomers will not be called upon to bring
their telescopes into play. until 5 In the afternoon. The afternoon information wired to North Africa will be used for the
guidance of the Government observers there. In Atlanta the eclipse' will be almost total, j Scientifically speaking, the de
gree of obscuration will be -0S6, the sun's diameter being 1.
The principals of all the white schools in the city have given leave of absence to observe the eclipse from any point
In the State they may select The -weather bureau here will take observations, principally in the shadow bands.
LISBON, May 27.— Crown Prlnco Louis of Portugal has gone to Ovar to see the eclipse, and Queen Dowager Marie has
gone to Serra de Estrella." Many tourists have left for favorable points of observation.'
WASHINGTON, May 27. — The following special sun eclipse weather bulletin was issued by Chief Moore to-day: "The
weather map this morning gives practically sure indications that the entire line of the eclipse will have .clear weather. The
presence of an anti-cyclonic system covering the whole South Atlantic States insures light, variable winds, moderate tem
perature and a uniform decrease in the vertical gradient. Probably no eclipse ever occurred under finer seeing condi
tions than will exist to-morrow." --....
The Weather Bureau will secure some data, including the effect on. the temperatures during the eclipse throughout
much of the region east of the Mississippi River. Special observations are to bf» taken frequently durine the time of the
eclipse. At the Naval Observatory observations of the contacts will be made with the twenty-six-inch equatorial telescope
and also with the twelve-Inch equatorial. .^~
LONDON. May 2S.— Although England is 700 miles north of the line of total eclipse, the Royal Observatory at Green
wich is making every preparation to observe the partial obscuration.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., May 27.— The total eclipse to-morrow morning has attracted more guests to the hotels at
Old Point than they have had at any one time for years. Over a thousand more persons are expected on the boats ar
riving ear,ly to-morrow from Washington and Baltimore. The President anA his party will witness the eclipse, from the
deck of the dispatch boat Dolphin. Secretary Gage and a party of friends arrived at Old Point this morning on the light
house tender Holly, which tied up at the Government pier near the Hygeia Hotel. Speaker Henderson and several mem
bers of the House reached Old Point last night.
i ~~ ~— — ~~ . i
At Thomaston Lick Observatory has stationed Professor W. W. Campbell, senior astronomer on the observatory staff,
and Professor C. D. Perrine with a quantity of valuable apparatus. The period of totality, when the sun will be entirely in
eclipse, will be one minute and twenty-five seconds. During these brief seconds, if the day Is a clear one, Professor Camp
• bell expects to secure forty valuable photographs showing the different phases of the sun and its corona. About sixteen sci
entists are in Professor Campbell's party, and the entire number will be needed to properly handle the telescopes and other
Instruments.
Two Holland astronomers, -Professor A. A. Nyland, director of the Utrecht Observatory, and Dr. .J .H. Whltterdink. as
tronomer in the Leyden University, arrived In New York on May 14 and in Thoma»ion on Thursday, their plain being to visit
the various eclipse stations along the path to totality down the Atlantic coast, beginning with the Smithsonian Institution
party at Wadesboro. . N. C. .
Torpedo Flotilla Moving.
BERLIN. May 27.— A torpedo flotilla is
now proceeding slowly down the Rhine
and will arrive at Rotterdam June 9.
The Ashanti loss Is reported to have
been great, as the Hausers Had three
Maxims, engaged, although themselves
greatly outnumbered.
Three hundred Ashantls are said to have
been killed In a previous action. The ris
ing Is still spreading. «. ,
Heavy Losses ' Sustained in an At
tempt to Break the Investing
Lines at Kumassie.
ACCRA, May 27.— It Is reported that
three European officers were killed and
Captain Aplin and 100 Hausers wert
wounded in a recent effort by the Lagos
Hausers to break the Investing lines of
tribesmen at Kumassie.
BRITISH AND ASHANTIS
IN DESPERATE BATTLE
A meeting of citizens has been called
for to-morrow afternoon for the purpose
of discussing plans for the amicable set
tlement of the street car employe' strike.
Accounts of the affair differ. Some by
standers claim that it was a deliberate at
tempt at assassination on the part of the
company's new employes, while others
aver that It was nothing more or less than
a pitched battle" between the two factions.
A riot call was sounded, but the three un
known men escaped and no further dis
turbances followed.
ST. LOOS. May 27.-To-night as Philip
Sullivan James Sullivan and Patrick
OConnelI.>trikers. were passing through
Lafayette Park they were approached
from the rear and fired upon by three men
said to be in the Transit Company's em-
K; °i ie ,,° f the bulIct8 P^ 8^ through
Philip Sullivan's right lung, causing a
mortal wound. James Sullivan received
a ball in the left cheek and O-Connell waa
shot through the left leg.
One Workman Mortally and Two
Seriously Wounded at
St. Louis.
STRIKERS FIRED UPON
BY NON-UNION MEN
"If Senator Fairbanks is not nominat
ed." he said, "the candidate will probably
c<«ne from the far West. There will be a
close fight for the control of the House.
We have only 13 majority now and we
shall probably lose some districts In the
Middle Western States. We expect, how
ever, to make up any losses that we may
sustain in New York. Pennsylvania and
Massachusetts.
Congressman Babcock said he thought
Congress would not adjourn till June 9.
NEW YORK. May 27.— Representative
Joseph W. Babcock of the Third District
of Wisconsin, chairman of the Repub
lican Congressional Committee, said to
night that In his opinion the contest for
the control of the next House of Repre
sentatives would be close. He said that
while tho reports he had received from
various parts of the country indicated the
re-election of President McKinley, the
lo?s of a few districts would give the
Democrats a majority In the House. Mr.
Babcock also expressed the opinion that
Senator Charlef Warren Fairbanks of In
diana had the best chance at present of
any of the candidates for the Vice Presi
dential nomination.
Loss of a Few Districts Would Put
the Republicans Into the
fclinority.
Lieutenant Webber was taken prisoner
at Heitbron a few days ago. He went
there on telegraph duty. It was not known
that our troops had been temporarily
withdrawn."
? "
NEXT HOUSE MAY BE
RULED BY DEMOCRATS
"Baden-Powell reports that the railway
between Mafeking and Buluwayo has
been restored and that supplies are being
brought into Mafeking. He cays the Ca
nadian artillery joined - Colonel Plumer
from Beira with incredible rapidity.
"VEREENIGING, Sunday. May' 27, 1:15
p. m.— We crossed the Vaal this morning
and are now encamped on the north bank.
The advance troops, which crossed yes
terday, were only just in time to save the
coal mines on both this and the other
side of the river from being destroyed.
Our casualties were four.
LONDON. May 27.— The War Office has
received the following from Lord Rob
erts:
LORD ROBERTS HAS C :
CROSSED THE VAAL
INVADES THE TRANSVAAL.
KROONSTAD. May C7.-Gmcral Hamil
ton has invaded the Transvaal having
crossed at Wonderfontcln Drift.
BARKELEY WEST. May 26.-It Is re
ported that the. Boers have reoccupied
Kurrum and That larpe laagers are lo
cated at UletXonteln and Danieiskuil.
BOERS REOCCUPY KXJRRTJM.
LONDON. May 28.— The National Ba
zaar, opened at Kensington, London, last
Thursday afternoon by the Prince of
Wale?, in aid of sufferers from the war,
retted £6000.
TO AID BOER STJFFEEEES.
MASERU. Easutoland. May 26.— Four
erjuadrnns of colonials captured 150 Boers
with ten wagons of grain near Ficksburg,
where they also captured a Maxim con
structed by a local inventor.
CAPTURED BY COLONIALS.
LONDON, May 27.— President Kruger.
eceording to a special dispatch from New
raftle. has Issued a proclamation asking
the Transvaal burghers to notify him
whether they desire to continue the flght
or to rue for peace.
LONDON. May 28.— The Standard has
the following from Vrcdefort. dated
Thursday. May 24:
"Thirty thousand Boers are reported to
have parsed through here Tuesday and to
hav* crossed the Vaal, but this number Is
probably excessive."
KEUGEE SEEKS INFORMATION.
ULAITZ BETEEATING BOERS.
General Iilldyard's division, which Is in
trusted primarily with attacking the
Bo<r right at Elands Laagte, arrived to
day. The work of searching the district
5s progressing and many rebels have been
sent to Ladysmlth.
NEWCASTLE. Saturday. May 25.— The
Boers in this part of the theater of war
are very active, having been reinforced
from various directions. Their front now
extends from Lalngs Nek to New Repub
lic, where they are fortifying.
BOERS ARE VERT ACTIVE.
LONDON. May 2S. 4:55 a. m.— The Times
has the following from a correspondent at
the front, via Kroonstad. May 25:
"When occupied the hills
overlooking Llndley the chief storekeeper
came and stated that President Steyn and
all The leading officials had left, with
£100.000 in specie. He offered to mediate
between Piet de Wet and Broadwood. The
former offered to surrender with his com
mando providing all were allowed to re
turn to their farms. The negotiations fell
through. Lord Rxibtrts refusing to treat
on any terms."
ITCGCTTATED FOE STJBEEWDER.
WASHINGTON. May 27.— The Boer en
voys will attend a reception at Boston on
Thursday. From Boston they proceed
west for Chicago, stopping en route at
Cleveland or Buffalo. They will later visit
St. Paul, returning to Philadelphia on the
15rh. after stopping at intermediate cities.
The delegates may or may not finally re
turn to Washington. Certain contingen
cies, they explain, may make it impossi
ble to return here. 5n which case It is
believr-d th.;y will jro to Kurope. The en
voys have received invitations from over
ISO cities and municipalities.
A friend of Dr. Fischer in the Orange
r*r*f» Stat<» trtai fent him a opr of a. mili
tary order which has caused him con
siderable concern. Dr. Fischer's farm, as
Is Envoy \Y>ssels\ is rc^ar Bloemfontein,
ar.d on it he has fine woods laid. Military
orders have gone out from the British
commanders that wood may be cut on
both farms, which will destroy their
beauty and value.
Dr. Fischer to-nigbt exhibited to sev
eral Jr. if rested spectators specimen "dum
dum" and explosive bullets, which he says
had bwn taken from the English after
the battle of Spion Kop. The charge that
the Boers wore guilty of using them, he
said, was absolutely false.
FARMS OF DELEGATES
ARE IN DANGER
It is regarded as unlikely that- the
Transvaal Government will go to Lyden-
This section has been flooded with false
tales of British cruelty, reports of the
burning of farmhouses and the eviction of
women and children. In the hope of In
ducing the burghers to remain at the com
mandoes, but the evidence all points now
to the existence of a permanent feeling of
enmity between the Transvaalers and the
Free Staters, each accusing the other of
treachery and cowardice.
The troops ahve been splendidly handled
and the Boers, completely outmaneuvered,
have been forced to abandon their posi
tions at the first appearance of the Brit
ish flanking force, which has made a de
termined resistance at the Vaal impossi
ble.
Many Transvaal burghers are now trek
king homeward, and it Is safe to say that
the most lrreconclllable Transvaaler at
least recognizes the hopelessness of the
struggle. Most of the farms in the north
ern part of the Free State, where the ties
of blood with the Transvaal are the
strongest," have been deserted.
GROOTVIEL (twenty-three miles south
of Vereeniging), May 27.— Lord Roberts'
northern advance force steadily continues,
and to-day the Transvaal hills were sight
ed. General French has secured an excel
lent flanking position on the northwest.
There is something irresistible about this
advance.
TRANSVAAL BURGHERS
ARE TREKKING HOMEWARD
A Cape Town correspondent says:
"United States Consul General Stowe is
about to visit Lord Kbberts, though
whether out of personal curiosity or with
some official purpose has not been made
known here."
Several prominent Uitlanders have
joined Lord Roberts as guides and ad
visors with reference to the country
around Johannesburg.
Lord Roberts has wired the War Office
that there Is urgent need of more rolling
stock and the Daily Express asserts that
contracts have been placed in the United
States for fifty locomotives and many
cars, the British manufacturers being un
able to fill the orders with requisite speed.
Some 500 or 600 Boers are operating east
of Vryburg, rallying the disaffected and
watching an opening to cut the railway
and to harass General Hunter's advancing
division.
The British troops at Mafeking have
been having some exciting cricket
matches. The relieving troops are rest-
Ing and the defending troops are feeding
up. The southern railway has been re
paired to a point within forty-five miles
of Mafeking.
Stowe Will Visit Roberts.
General Rundle Is slowly sweeping the
eastern section of the Free State. Occa
sionally his squadrons come across parties
of Boers, two or three in number, and
usually on foot, who are yearlly going to
their farms. Some of them carry saddles
en their backs. Wholesale surrenders are
expected, but thus far they have not oc
curred in that region. Small commands
are described by the correspondent as
hurrying to and fro and finding every road
barred.
The same day General Brabant's scouts
located 2C0 Boers entrenched near Calo
colan. The scouts advanced within 200
yards, when the Boers fired heavily. The
spouts retired and four are missing.
With the exception of a few shots ex
changed with the retiring Boers at Ve
xeeniging the only fighting during the last
two days with all the great armies in the
field appears to have been two small en
gagements In the eastern part of the Free
State. At Ficksburg on Saturday the
Boers attacked the British occupying the
town, but they were forced to retire to
ward Slabberts Nek. A Maseru corre
spondent confirms the fact, adding that
nothing is known regarding casualties.
Two Small Engagements.
The indications are that a pitched battle
is imminent at Laings Nek. where Gen
eral Buller faces the Boers, reinforced and
seemingly determined, with an estimated
strength of from 8000 to 10.000 men. The
reinforcements contain a large party from
Ladybrand and fresh commandos from
Pretoria. General Butter's officers are
doubtful of the ability of the Boers to dis
play the same tenacity as in the fighting
at Ladysmlth.
The British are confident that when the
moment arrives they will be able to force
the passes.
Two boxes of "dynamite fuse have been
found" under the- -Newcastle City Hall.
General Buller is causing numerous ar
resta of suspected rebels. Forty-two have
been sent to Pletermaiitzburg. Mr. Gaw
thorpe, a chemist, and his wife, have been
arrested on a charge of high treason.
Several correspondents wire the London
papers' that there are 10.000 foreigners in
the Boer ranks, but this is hardly credi
ble.
burghers asking their votes for or against
continuing the war is understood to say
they can now quit v/lth the prospect of
retaining their farms or continue to the
bitter end. Rumors are current In Lord
Roberts' army that the Boers Intend to
surrender.
MAFEKING. May 21.— The Boers who
were routed here rallied a few miles east,
at Polfonteln. well within the British bor
der. There Is no sign of the enemy to tho
north. Colonel Plumer's linesmen have
received a wire saying that a train will
arrive to-morrow. A system of dally run
ners to the south has been organized.
RALLIED AT POLFONTEm".
All the refugees agree that the mines
will be destroyed. The Boers are taking a
position at Klip River Drift, having left
the Vaal. The commandants have assem
bled to discuss the advisability of contin
uing the struggle. Meanwhile there la &
force of the enemy at Myrton.
TAAIBOSCH, May 2S.— General French
crossed the Vaal at LIndegues Drift yes
terday, and General Henry with mounted
Infantry to-day. They pushed forward
and nearly succeeded In saving the bridge,
only the northernmost span being ae
stroyed.
CKOSSED THE VAAL.
"It is rumored here that the Cape rebel
leaders who are now serving with tho
Boers are anxious to escape to Europe,
and that certain members of the Cape
Parliament are waiting on the borders for
a favorable opportunity to start."
"Captain Allum. the Norwegian mili
tary attache, is returning home. Indeed,
so great is the eagerness of Continental
residents to quit the Transvaal that both
the German and French steamers are un
able to cope with the demand for berths.
"Men^who have been present at the re
cent engagements describe them as Ig
nominious routs, wholly unjustified by tho
Initial damage Inflicted by the British.
Such observers are convinced that all
operations of a military interest are now
at an end.
"During the week the Boera have suc
cessfully deceived even the best Informed
residents with reference to the probablo
course of events when Lord Roberts en
tered the Transvaak While one section de
clares that all serious fighting la ended,
another is equally convinced that tho
burghers will make a stand at Johannes
burg and Pretoria.
LONDON, May 2S.— The Lonrenzo Mar
ques correspondent of the Times, la a dls-*
patch dated Saturday, says:
The party dismounted at the staff of
fice, where a crowd gathered and cheered*
for the first time In several months. Then
the troops in the outer forts cheered.
When the relieving column marched In at
4 a. m. there was plenty of whisky.
WILC MAKE A STAND AT ~ !
JOHANNESBURG AND PRETORIA
"Oh, Indeed," said the citizen, "wo heard
you were outside," and the citizen pro
ceeded on his errand.
"Well. I'm d — d." said the trooper, "but!
he takes It pretty coolly."
Darkness was drawing on when Major
Karri Davis, with eight horsemen, en
tered Market square. The town took tha
relief quietly. A trooper stopped a passer
by and said: "HI! We are the relief col
umn."
The flght must have lasted thre© hours,
when through our glasses the Boers could
be seen stretching out in retreat. At sun
set the garrison seized the standard and
diggers fort and shelled the Boers as they;
passed.
Major MacKenzie of the headquarters
staff tumbled downstairs at 3 with a
pigeon In his hand. In a few seconds tha
dispatch was on the table and the coda
books were out. Major Hanbury-Tracey,
cried out: "They left Masibitl this morn
ing and are coming in."
MAFEKING, May ll— This was how
Mafeking took the relief. Faintly from the
northwest, about 1:30 p. m. May 16, wa
heard the sound of artillery. Colonel Ba
den-Powell went up to the lookout. Tho
women and children were on tha house
tops and most of the men were manning
the works.
MAFEKING VERY COOL
WHEN RELIEF CAME
The British are- more Interested, how
ever, in grazinsr and in the water supply
than in the mines.
It is reported that the population of
Johannesburg is in a high state of excite
ment. The Boers who are passing through
northward threaten to blow up the mines.
and in view of their wanton destruction of
everything else It would not be surprising
if they carried out the threat.
The Boers have destroyed every bridgo
and culvert. They are said to regard Klip
Riverberg, north of the Vaal. as a position"
of great strength, and talk of making;
themselves impregnable there.
The condition of the British troops con
tinues excellent, although the cold nights
are very trying. They are able to march
three miles an hour.
burg, where food is scarce. A body of
Boers, mostly on foot, Is trekking hard to
ward Vereeniging from the direction oC
Hellbron.
Largest Cameras Ever Used to
Be Operated by Astronomers
in the " Path of Totality."
MANY WILL OBSERVE
THE SOLAR ECLIPSE
CALL HEAPQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. May
C7. —Europe stands ready to intervene in South Africa if the United States
will lead thn way. A diplomat who is well acquainted with the feeling in
Curope with respect to thp South African war said to-day that, the Uoer
rf.rnmission. after « tour of the West" which is expected to begin on 'next
V.vdr.t-sCay and end in a fortnight, will return to Europe and endeavor to
er.llFt the aid of thos?f? governments by informing them that the sentiment of the
United States is favorable to the Bor-rs.
When the Boer Commissioners were in Europe they found the continental na
tions wore opposed to taking: action because of their ffar that the United States
would throw its support to Great Britain. Their brief stay in this country and the
reports received from friends throughout the West have convinced them that the
t'nited States will not aid the British Government in case of intervention by Eu
rope. There Is a feeling in Boor circles that the administration would be willing
Jo assist the Britten Government in case of a continental coalition against it, and
it is proposed to harp on this fact during the coming campaign for the double pur
posp of influencing voters against the President and cf creating such a strong
sentiment that a breach will he created between the two governments, and Europ»
¦will be able to see for itself that any action it may take in South Africa will cause
no protest from this country, but will rather bi> viewed v.-ith satisfaction. -
The plans which the Boer Commissioners have formulated show conclusively
that they are confident the war will not end during tlu> present summer. Lord
Roberts with the British army Is expected by the commission to reach Pretoria
within ten days. The siege of the cnpital will tben commence, and it is expected
the garrison \vill not capitulate until after the Presidential election in this coun
trv. If McKinley is re-elected the collapse of the war will then be precipitated; if
Bryan is elected the Boers will obtain new courage ar.d will hold out as long as
possible in the hopo that Bryan will immediately carry out the promises he has
made. Bryan will receive support from the Boer Commissioners, who are expect
ed t<» niurn to the ITnitecl States in September and resume their efforts to create
sympathy for their cause.
A member of the European diplomatic representation here stated to-day that
the British woulo undoubtedly be allowed to do what they would in South Africa.
"It 5s true that the sympathy of the Continent is with the Boers." he contin
ued, "but it would l»e hazardous in the extreme for anv of the nations to act un
less they should art together. The subject of joint action "has not recently been
discuvsed, for the reason that the German Emperor, probably as a result of his
memorable visit to the Quoen some month.* ago. is opposed to interference. Europe
has been carefully watching the attitude of the United States in this matter, and
while it understands that the sentiment of this country is strongly pro-Boer it
knows that intervention by this Country is out of the question."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Boer Commissioners Expect to
Gain Sentiment in This Coun
try to Aid Them Abroad.
EUROPE READY TO
INTERVENE WHEN
UNCLE SAM LEADS
Information in the possession of the State Department respecting the rela
tions between Russia and Japan is somewhat different from that which has been
received by members of the diplomatic corps. Count CasslnJ. Russian Embassa
dor, has repeatedly stated that Russia does not want rar. . He does not see how
it can occur between his Government and Japan, as there are no controversies
existing between them. On the other hand it Is known that the war feeling la
Japan rwys high. Japan has never forgiven Russia for taking from her the
territorial fruits of her war with China and at a propitious moment she is ex
pected to act.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON* HOTEL. WASHINGTON". May
27.— Should the strained relations between Russia and Japan culminate In war
American army officers will be near the Fcene of hostilities to observe and re
port upon them to the War Department. While it is not believed that war be
tween the two powers named Is inevitable, yet in order to be prepared for
emergencies of the future the department ha3 determined to send officers to
Peking and Tokio and they will be attached to the opposing armies should
hostilities come. Lieutenant Colonel John S. Mallory, Forty-first Infantry, has
bten ordered to duty at Peking and in the next day or two an officer will be or
dered to proceed to Japan.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
PEKING. May 27.— The diplomatic corps has decided to ask the Chinese
Foreign Office to define explicitly the measures which tho Government
Intends to take In dealing with the "Boxers."
SHANGHAI. May 27.— Reports received to-day Indicate that affairs
around Peking are extremely critical, owing to the defeat of the Govern
ment troops by the "Boxers." It is now regarded here as certain that foreign
troops must be sent to Peking to protect the legations, while the withdrawal
of missionaries from the interior is considered imperative. ?
Large portions of the provinces of Pechill and Shantung are In a state lit
tle better than absolute anarchy and disorder is spreading In the province of
Shan Si in consequence of the encouragement received from the Empress
Dowager.
READY FOR A RUSSO-JAPANESE CONFLICT
Following the Defeat of Chinese
Forces Anarchy Spreads in
Three Provinces.
FOREIGN TROOPS
NEEDED AT PEKING TO
PROTECT LEGATIONS
VOLUME LXXXYH— NO. 189.
BAK 2TRAKCISC0, MONDAY, MAY 28, 1000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Not a Suicide.
tipeela! I3I»-:>atch to. The Call.
VICTORIA, B.C.,' May 27,-The Cor
oner's Jury In the case of IL G. Seelig,
who was reported to have committed sui
cide in this city last Thursday, brought
In a verdict yesterday that the cause of
death was unknown. Mr. Seelig waa a
former resident of San Francisco. ,t ..>'
SCII-LY— Passed May 27— Stmr Maine, from
New York.- for Cherbourg and Bremen.
QIIEENSTOWN- Sailed May 27— Br stmr
Etrurta, from Liverpool, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 27— Stmr La Tou
ralne. from Havre; etmr City of Rome, from
Glasirdw.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 27— Stmr New
York, from Southampton.
PBAWL POINT- Passed May 27— Stmr Fries
land, from Antwerp, for New York.
DOVER— Passed May 27— Stmr Koenigsn
Lulse. from Bremen, for New York.
Sunday. May 27.
Stmr National City, Dettmers. Fort liragg.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SAILED.
Sunday, May 27.
Btmr Gipsy, Leland, 26 hour* from Moss
Landing and way ports.
Schr Occidental, liosich. 7 days from Grays
Harbor. I
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
John Worcester's Memory Honored.
CINCINNATI. May 27—At the conven
tion of tffe New Jerusalem church to-day
Rev. Julian K. Smith of New York de
livered a memorial address on the late
John Worcester of Massachusetts, who
was president of the last general conven
tion. Rev. James Reed of Boston was
consecrated as general pastor and Rev. J.
E. Cullom of Denver was ordained.
Anniversary of the Commune Cele
brated in Paris.
PARIS, May 27.— The Socialists cele
brated the anniversary of the ! Commune
to-day with the usual pilgrimage to Pere
la Chaise Cemetery, against the walls of
which the Communards were shot. The
procession was formed at a hall near the
entrance, from which point, headed by the
Socialist leaders, ..the .demonstrators
marched to the graves of the notable vie
thns who were executed during what the
Socialists call "bloody week." The "Car
magnole" and anarchist songs .were sung
and revolutionary cries were raised. The
police • confined thetr Interference ; to seiz
ing, a few flags. Several slight conflicts
resulted and one or two policemen. were
anrotc.hed. A'few arrests were mad*.
Boycott on , Chicago Builders
Throughout the Country.
CHICAGO, May 27.— Building trades
workmen In every city In the United
States where there Is a branch of the Na
tional Building Trades Council are to be
asked to cease work on buildings where
the contracts are held by Chicago build
ers until the labor troubles in this city
are settled. This at least will happen if
the plan decided on to-day at a conference
between Edward Carroll, president of the
national organization, and James Harvey
of Milwaukee, • a member of the national
executive board, meets the approval of H.
W. Steinbi8S, national secretary, and oth
er members of the general executive
board, who were asked by telegraph to
come at once to Chicago to attend a meet
ing Tuesday, at which the plans to make
a national fight will be laid before them.
• . ." ¦
SOCIALIST DEMONSTRATION.
Proposition Which Grand Army Men
Are Seeking to Put Through
Congress.
CHICAGO, May 27.— A special to the
Times-Herald , from Washington says:
During the Grand Army of the Republic
encampment In Chicago, President Mc-
Klnley may have the pleasure of return
ing to the Southern States the 400 or 600
Confederate battle flags now in the War.
Department.
Prominent members of the Grand 1 Army
of the Republic have in hand a plan to
secure the authorization of Congress for
the return of these flags, and It Is hoped
that both houses will pass the necessary
joint* resolution before adjournment. Dur
ing the coming week, it is expected, the
military committees will take the neces
sary preliminary action.
If the consent of Congress can be ob
tained the flags will be turned over to the
Grand Army of the Republic. The rep
resentatives of Confederate military or
ganizations will be Invited to Chicago,
and with beautiful ceremonies President
McKinley, assisted by the veterans of
the blue and gray, will hand the torn and
blood-stained banners back to the valiant
hands which once carried and defended
them.
NATIONAL STRIKE PLANNED.
MAY RETURN BATTLE
FLAGS TO CONFEDERATES
CHICAGO, May 27.— The College of Phy
slcians and Surgeons of Chicago decided
to refuse recognition to athletes and no
longer to give official sanction to the col
lege football team. Dr. William E. Quine,
dean of. the college, said:
"Experience has taught us that college
athletics have a demoralizing and disturb
ing influence on the students and that
they Interfere with the educational work
of the college., We do notdeny that athlet
ics: have a beneficial influence on the phy
sical development of the young men, but
the interests of demand first
rAmsrnliian." ' ': • - • •< '
cians and Surgeons.
Action of Chicago College of Physi-
BAN UPON ATHLETICS. '
CINCINNATI, May 27.— At Chester
Park to-day Al Newhouse of Buffalo
made a mile in 1:331-5, breaking the bi
cycle record held by Tom Cooper on the
same track of 1:35, also breaking the Stale
record for a mile.
Charles S. Porter of Detroit won the
twenty-five mile motor paced race by two
laps from Reno Runck of Cincinnati.
Time, 46:411-5. ¦
The five-mile tandem motor race was
contended- for by Rutz and Houseman of
New Haven, A. B. Stone of Denver aid
Otto Maya of Erie and Al Newhouse of
Buffalo and George Pierce of Cincinnati.
Stone and ' Maya won by a length from
Rutz and Houseman, with Newhouse and
Pierce third. Time, S:25 2-5. :
"Pud" Hickman of Birmingham, Ala.,
won two out of three third-mile heats,
with N. J. Bell second. Time for the mile.
2:35 4-5.
Newhouse of Buffalo Negotiates a
Mile in 1:33 1-5.
CINCINNATI BIKE RACES.
Half-mile, open, professional— Won by F. A.
McFarland, San Jose; A. L.. Stevens, Ottumwa,
second- Hardy Downing, San Jose, third; Frank
Kraemer. Kast Orange, fourth. Time 1:11 3-5.
Five-mile handicap, professional — Won by
Frank Kraemer (scratch); Hardy Downing (1(W
vards) second; Bob Walthour, (100 yards), At
lanta, third; F. A. McFarland (scratch), fourth.
Time) 11:14 3-5. _
The half-mile heats were a succession
of loafs, with wild sprints down the home
stretch. The stars all qualified with the
exception of Tom Cooper, who ran into a
pocket. For the final Kraemer, McFar
fand, Stevens, Downing and Fisher .lined
up. The first quartet maneuvered for po
sition. Then McFarland started away
with Stevens at his rear wheel and the
others fell in behind. McFarland, turn
ing into the stretch, sprinted with a clean
lead, and, going faster at every Jump, won
the race, with Stevens second.
In the five-mile handicap the scratch
men caught the long markers after four
miles of hard plugging, almost entirely
through McFarland' s efforts at pacing.
Kraemer laid back comfortably, taking
advantage of all this. On the last lap
he got a "sleigh ride" back of Eaton, who
acted as his team mate and pulled him
up to the leaders. Then, in a stirring
sprint of an eighth Of a mile, Kraemer
outrode the others easily, winning by a
length in very fast time. Summaries:
NEW YORK, May 27.— Frank Kraemer,
the ex-amateur cyclist, again proved to
day that he will be a very dangerous fac
tor in professional racing this season. He
rode at the Vailsburr- N. J., board track
and In two races met the fastest field of
riders this country can produce. He' was
caught napping in the half-mile and finish
ed fourth, but in the five-mile race he rode
from scratch and won a heart-breaking
race in a superb finish, which brought the
5(HA) spectators to their feet howling with
enthusiasm.
Country at Five Miles.
Beats the Speediest Wheelmen in the
KEAEMER A FAST ONE.
,LOS ANGELES, May 27.-An attempt
at coursing at San Pedro to-day was
promptly checked by four . officers of
Sheriff Hammell's office. The Los An
geles Coursing Club started to run off a
card, but the first race was followed by
the arrest of the slipper and the re
mainder of the programme was aban
doned. The dog men hope to have the
question of the regality of the sport set
tled before the end of the week, so that in
the event of a favorable decision thev
may have coursing at San Pedro next
Sunday. -;""*•
Coursing Stopped.
A Chinese called "Highbinder" is sus
pected of the murder, and search is now
being made for him. Last night "High
binder" came to Ching"s table in a gam
bling-house and asked for money which
Ching refused. This was the last 'seen of
"Highbinder." The Sheriff received word
this afternoon that a Chinese answering
"Highbinder's" description had been seen
early this morning walking on the railroad
track near Diamond, west of Colfax
COLFAX, Wash., May 27.— Late last
night a Chinese gambler named Ching
was attacked In a narrow alley and his
skull was fractured and his throat cut.
The noise of the scuffle was heard by
Chinese in a near-by house, who ran out
but their coming frightened the murderer
away. Ching died without regaining con
sciousness.
Unknown Assassin.
Attacked in a Narrow 'Alley by an
CHINAMAN MURDERED.
At 11 o'clock Rev. Dr. -F. W. Clampett
of San FVancisco delivered the day's plat
form address, speaking: on "Christ as Em
powered by the Holy Spirit for His Work
on Earth." During the afternoon only
one meeting was held. Th© importance
and power of prayer was the topic con
sidered at this meeting.
The day's work was closed with the first
public session of the convention, at 8 p.
m., in the assembly hall. A representa
tive from every college on the Pacific
Coast addressed the meeting. H. W. Ross
international college secretary, and »\
W. Anderson, traveling secretary of the
student volunteer movement In North
America, spoke of Christian work among
students.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 27.— A quiet day
was passed by the Pacific Coast students.
The several exercises of the day were well
attended. They were begun with a ses
sion of the missionary institute, conduct
ed by F. W. Anderson, traveling secre
tary of the student volunteer movement
in North America. After an hour spent in
this department all the delegates assem
bled in the Epworth League lecture room
for an Informal hour of Bible study. G.
W. Leavitt of Purdue University- led the
class, and the subject under discussion
was "Christ's Divine Origin."
at Pacific Grove.
STUDENT CONFERENCE.
Interesting Addres »s and meetings
Suicide of a Ranch Hand.
Fperial DiEpatch to The Call. . , -
TOMALES. May 27.— Louis! Grand!, a
Rwiss laborer, committed suicide last
niRht at W. Auzorais' /-ancli near. here.
He has bet-n despondent for some time
rind repeatedly threatened tn take his life.
Last night he returned to the ranch after
having ppent a few hours In this city and.
Bittlrot <lo»n on the veranda, put a bullet
through his head. Dr. Urban was sum
moned, but he gays death must have been
'"staniariftoua
Sacramento.
Speclel Disrate h to Trie <~all.
SACRAMENTO, May ?7.-Henry e
T\ri!t»\ formerly a member of the* First
«-o!orado Volunteer Infantry, committed
<?ay und quickly disposed of the -, n l
until he had but a few ,-ents feSfjffggS
kx the mi.Jiey was Rone he became <le
ppondent. and to Koine of hl« friend* lm
RAM that lie would make away wit h him -
P.-lf. No attention was paid to his threats
ana shortly after 3 o'clock this mornlmr
he carried them Into execution ~t 1113
Kisrhth street by shooting himself In the
Lead with a pistol. His body was not
found until four hours afterward
The suicide's mother. Mrs. d" 'White
lives in Brookline. Mass. j Ie ali ; o i^ves
¦ brother. Jame* White, a commercial
traveler, who resides in San Francisco A
vnuptn, AdHe V. Wood, livrs at XI Austin
Ftrect. Boston, Mass. At the time of hts
death White was a member of Troon i$
cavalry. National Guard of California, of
. He was enrolled as a private in Com
pany H. First Colorado Volunteer Infan
try. June IS. ISPS, and was honorably dts
<-harg-ed at the Presidio September 8 irsh
When enrolled he was 23 years of age He
served 1n the Antipolo and other expedi
tions and as a scout in the Philippines
He was born in EaFt Cambridge, Mass
It it= naid that his Eastern relatives are
well to do petiple. • ¦
SUICIDE OF AN EX-SOLDIEU
Henry E. White Ends His Life a*
Charles Woodward Gets Into the
Clutches of German Officers
at Leipsic.
CHICAGO. May 17. -The Chicago police
.Fay that a man under arrest In Leipsio.
Germany, on the charge of stealing $15,000
worth of diamonds is Charles Woodward,
alias Williams, alias Anderson, alias Wat
*""• a«a« Wright, who has been absent
Tr«rn Ohicapo rinpteen years.
Woodward i.« known ns one of th» clev
erest thieves in the world and has earned
:lie i cognomen of "the diamond swallow
«r, through repeated acts of that kind
in oroVr to escape conviction. He has
•Ftnipn a half million dollars' worth of
diamonds and lias served nearly twntv
years in jails sirsd penitentiaries in this
country and in Kurope. He caused a hie
Ffiisatinn In Chk-atro Jn IB78. when on Ah-
F ii?t l't of that year he stole $22,000 worth
«>f diamonds from a Jewelry Falcjman in
<ne 1'almrr House. He was arrested
shortly afterward and had only one gem
in his- possession which belonged to the
lot ho swallowed. lie was convicted
neVf-nnrk-Ks, and sent to Jol'rt to perve
« year. He left the penitentiary on Jan
uary 1. 18S0. and after living a few months
In C hicajffu die appeared.
His *<rr<-st in Germany occurred four
geeks ago and rame to the notice of the
ChicaR'i authorities in a letter to the Na
tional Bureau of Identification in which
the Pftxfdeof of Police of Uerlin said that
ho had in custody two m<*n chars*.! with
tho thrft of tUj«* worth of g.ms in l>tp-
v c - :Q2« {>{ lh<n » F»ve the nann- of Kd
j-sra Morton, the other James Hawkins
The aeSCriprioil of -Morton- fits that of
< harles Woodward and "Hawkinw" is
John Harklns, who is wantf-d In Fitts
in:rb on th f . charge of stealing several
liiindrod dollars* worth of precious stone*
The men swindled a merchant of T«md
ric out of a fortune in diamonds bv'pre
ler.ding' to be wealthy travelers' who
wanted to prttjp in that country and
Wished to irm-n their money in diamonds
They indued th.-ir victim to bring the
gems to a hotel. Tli.y were Leaving the
city when arrested.
NOTORIOUS DIAMOND
THIEF UNDER ARREST
WALNUT CREEK, May r 27.-The
daughter of J. Rose, a prominent farmer
of Moraga Valley, was poisoned yester
day by eating cooked; rhubarb which had
stood over night in a tin vessel. Her life
1.4 rlesnairfid o/
Poisoned by Rhubarb.
WASHINGTON, May 27.-The United
States Consul at Marseilles In his annual
report printed In the forthcoming volume
of "Commercial Relations," to Issue from
the Bureau of Foreign Commerce, State
Department, says that while recent vears
have constituted a period of liquidation In
France, the whole country seems now
prepared to emerge into commercial pros
perity. Capital has feared revolutions and
business has been as bad as it could be
but there has come a change and parti
sans now clamor for the digging of a
great canal from -Marseilles to the Rhine
tor the canalization of the Loire and for
the creation of a ship canal connecting
Paris with the sea. These schemes are
cited by the Consul as signs of the times
The relations of . Marseilles with New
York are more Important to the local In
dustrial interests than are those of, any
other port and enormous expansion is
taking place in the trade in both exports
and imports. The exports to the United
States In 1S99 amounted to $4,129,283. •
With the Rhine.
Waterway May Connect Marseilles
FRENCH CANAL SCHEMES.
"Nations," said he, "ought not to stand
still when God says 'Go forward.' Snain
thoroughly deserved a good, sound
thrashing, and I thank God our nation
was chosen to administer it. We found
ourselves after Dewey's victory where we
never intended to be and did not want to
be, but, God helping us, we'll never re
treat from the duties thus laid upon us
We would be traitors to the flag and ene
mies to the cross did we leave these peo
ples to retrogression and savagery Wo
don't want these territories for ourselves
but to give these peoples free schools!
free institutions and free churches "
One of the Sunday features was the ded
ication this afternoon of the new mission
ary chapel car ."Herald of Hope."
Madison C. Peters"; D. D., of New York
also argued strongly for political and re
ligious expansion.
Dr. Hoyt argued eloquently for expan
sion in missionary effort, keeping pace at
least with the progress of the American
flag.
DETROIT, May 27.-Expansion senti
ment was rife at the missionary mass
meeting held to-night as one of the feat
ures of the American Baptist Mission an
niversary. Dr. Wayland Hoyt of Phila
delphia quoted from a speech delivered by
Senator Hoar at a children's day celebra
tion in Massachusetts five years ago, at
which time the anti-imperialist statesman
is reported to have said that the tree of
liberty and self-government set out by the
fathers of the republic having spread
across the continent, its roots would "in
good time thru.«t themselves beneath the
waves and spread to the isles of the sea "
"This prediction," said Dr. Hovt "came
true more quickly than the distinguished
Senator anticipated and evidently more
cjuickly than he desired. It is true that
he made the eJoquent statement in 1895
and hundreds of anti-expansion speeches
in 1900 could not efface .the effect of that
truthful prediction."
Dr.Wayland Hoyt Gives an Imperial
istic Turn to an Old-Time
Speech by Senator
Hoar.
Baptist Workers Favor the
Assimilation of.
Aliens.
MISSIONARIES
AS ADVOCATES
OF EXPANSION
The Houstj leaders are figuring 1 that the
Senate will agree to the House resolution
to adjourn on Wednesday. June 6, so that
much business will be crowded into the
coming 1 , ¦week. J individual members ¦with
belated bills art* pressing for recognition
and will be given some show. Confer
ence reports -on appropriation bills will
have the right of way. There are a half
dozen measures of public Importance
pressing. Including the oleomargarine bill;
the anti-canteernbllli the St. I^oula Kair
bill, the Philadelphia Museum bill and the
anti-trust measures, but- the Indications
are that none of them save the anti-trust
bill and resolution will be considered. Fri
day and Saturday are to be- devoted to
i heir consideration under special rules.
The friends of the others, however, are
active, aggressive and insistent, and some
of them may be successful. But the pro
granYme Of the leaders does not go much
beyond driving through the appropriation
bills, the passage of the anti-trust legisla
tion and the cleaning up- of a few odds
and ends.
Flans of House Leaders.
It Is generally believed that the Mon
tana Senatorial contest will be disposed
of when it Is brought up by referring It to
the Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions, and that then nothing more will be
heard of it during the present session. The
committee resolution declaring that Sena
tor Clark's original election was not legal
also bids fair to remain on the calendar.
Senator Wellington will speak on Mon
day on the Boer resolution, and he will
be followed that day or the day there
after by Senator Teller on the Philippine
question. Speeches on the Philippine ques
tion will be made by Senators Pettlgrew
and Turner and probably by other Sena
tors There Is apparently no probability
of the Philippine bill passing, but there
is a general uesure on tne part of the op
position to reply to Senator Spooner's
speech before the close ol the present ses-
The sundry civil appropriation bill prob
ably will be considered for two or three
days more, and by the time it is disposed
of the genera! deficiency bill will be ready
for consideration. Neither, the deficiency
nor the military academy bill, the only
appropriation bills undisposed of, except
the sundry civil bill, 1? expected to con
sume any considerable amount of time.
The Se'nate will make an effort to meet
the plans of the House In the matter of
linal adjournment on June 6. but there Is
a peneral apprehension among Senators
that th" date may be postponed until the
lith or the 11th. In addition to the appro
priation bills still undisposed of by th©
Senate there are sttll several appropria
tion bills in conference, and a disposition
Is manliest on the part of Senators not to
name the date of adJQUrnment until these
are well out of the way.
WASHINGTON, May 27.— The time of
the Senate during the present week will
be divided largely between the discussion
of the Philippine question and the con
sideration ¦ Of the appropriations, with a
diversion about the miudle of the week In
the Clark case.
Philippine Question Will Occupy
Much of the Senate's Time
During the Present
c Week.
Congress Seeking to Con
clude Its Labors by
June 6.
BOTH HOUSES
FAVOR EARLY
ADJOURNMENT
CHICAGO. May 27.— To-day during a storm
Lucy Holden, 13 years old, was instantly killed
by "lightning and her sister. Irene, 10 years,
stunned and fell by the side of the dead girl in
nn unconscious condition. Irene will recover.
The clothes of both girls were almost burned
from their bodies. Hall to the depth of three
Inches fell in the northwest suburbs. Out on
Lake Michigan George Resch. a saloon-keeper,
was drowned and his companion, Paul Kutz
ner, after clinging to an upturned boat for
nearly an hour, was rescued.
CHICAGO. May 27.— William . H. Nlles,
"military governor of the district of Lake
Michigan," and the five members of his "army
of invasion." captured on the north shore, have
been formally charged with violations of the
laws of the State of Illinois, the ordinance of
the city of Chicago and the ordinances of Lin
coln Park. The prisoners made no effort to
secure ball during the day, but announced their
intentions of making a vigorous defense in
court.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 27.— The tenth an
nual reunion of the United Confederate Vet
erans will be held in this city en" next Wednes
day, It is expected, considered numerically,
that it will surpass any previous reunion. A
conservative estimate Is that 150,000 visitors will
be here. The city is handsomely draped in
bunting, the red and white of the Confederacy
being most prominent.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., May 27.— Returns re
ceived by the canvassing board of the Interna
tional Typographical Union indicate that Don
nelly is defeated by Lynch for president. For
first vice president It will take the official
count to decide the result, so close is the race
between Hays and Hawkes.
BERLIN, May ?7.— Herr Eugene Wolff, the
explorer, . has/ an Article In th? Berliner Taee
blatt advocating an organization for the whole
sale export of . coolies from Kiaochau and the
entire province of Shantung to German colonies,
especially thoee in Africa, He contends that
without such labor the colonies will be ruined.
TERRE HAUTE. Ind.. May 27. -Emily Price,
aged 18 years.' daughter of a well-known farm
er, was found dead this afternoon In a pond
near Youngstown. There were' clots of blood
on the face and her clothing was disarranged!
It Is believed she met with foul play.
BERLIN, May 27. — The Reichstag bye elec
tion In Xuremburff resulted In the return of
the Socialist candidate, Herr Sudekum, by a
large majority. . • . * .
SAN DIEGO, May 27.— A carload of twenty
five children arrived to-day to ro to the L«otus
Home ol the Universal Brotherhood at Point
Loma, *
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS
IN CONDENSED FORM
Champions of Representative, William
Sulzer declared that in promising to sub
scribe $100,000 to the Democratic cam
paign fund Mr. Coogan had taken an un
fair advantage of their candidate for
Vice President.- They announced that
Mr. Suiz*-r would immediately declare
war upon Mr. Coogan unless he forthwith
took himself out or the field and remained
out. They argued that Mr. Sulzer's ser-
NEW YORK, May 27. — Tammany Hall
leaders of thirty-five Assembly districts
scoured the city to-day for James J.
Coogan, president of the borough of Man
hattan, who mysteriously disappeared
on Saturday after -permitting the infor
mation to leak out that he had ag'reed to
subscribe $100,000 toward the election of
Bryan. They were unable to find Coo
gan. though a report was brought in late
from Bronx that he had been seen en
tering the tall timber of Bronx Park.
Last night the leaders gathered in sol
emn conclave in the Democratic Club to
consider the situation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
It was decided by the leaders after an
anxious debate to send a round robin
cablegram to Mr. Croker in England,
couched in the following terms:
"Come home at once. Coogan has
broken loose.
I"pon the understanding that this mes
sage .should be sent the Sulzerites agreed
not to disrupt the organization until Mr.
Lroker had a. chance to adjust matters.
Tn view of all the circumstances Mr.
Sulzer's friends said it was verv un
friendly of Mr. Coogan to attempt to
snatch the prize given him by the use of
large offers to subscribe to the campaign
fund.
9~»- <»-»-»-»-»¦? » ? ¦»~»-'>~»-<»-»-0t»
vices to his party In offering himself to
be sat upon by the Speaker of the House
¦whenever the opportunity offered were
far greater than any that Coogan had
ever performed and that in the national
convention of the Populists at Sioux Falls
his fame would have made him Bryan's
running mate had not Towne been
chosen. In proof of this they showed a
telegram sent "collect" to Mr. Sulzer
from Sioux Falls which read as follows:
"You are very popular here, but Towne
has the most votes."
DANUBE IS ON
THE ROCKS NEAR
HOSPITAL POINT
Cargo of Provisions for the
Klondike Damaged by
Water-
Injury to the Vessel Is Not Very
Great and She Will Probably
Be Put on the Ways in
a Few Days.
The Danube has been rather unfortu
nate In comparison with the other ves
sels of the Canadian Pacific Navigation
Company's fleet. It is only eleven months
ago since she went on a rock near Union
while bound to Skaguay with freight and
passengers.
She had on board when the accident oc
curred one of the largest cargoes and big
gest complements of passengers that she
has carried flnce the opening of naviga
tion last year. There were over fifty
passengers and close on 600 tons of valu
able freight, consisting for the most part
of groceries and supplies for Dawson.
The cargo was all, or nearly all, covered
by Insurance. The loss to the insurance
men will not be very great, as the cargo
damaged by water was not of compara
tively large proportions.
The steamer will go on the Esqulmalt
marine ways for repairs.
Captain H. R. Foote was in charge of
the Danube when she struck. Had she
been traveling fast she would probably
have cleared the rocks, for the forward
part of the vessel passed over them with
out touching. Then, too, had assistance
been received within half an hour of the
time she struck the steamer would prob
ably have been easily freed. When she
became fast the engines were reversed
and every effort made to free her, but all
SEATTLE, May 27. — The steamer Dan
ube is on the rock3 near Hospital Point,
Victoria. She was swept there by a
heavy wind which caught her broadside
on when she was swinging around into
the channel between the Point and Lent's
wharf. The accident happened last
Thursday. She lies with a list of about
twenty feet to port. For a time there
was five feet of water In her after hold.
Her entire cargo has been unloaded.
Simple Life of Governor Wood, Gen
eral Lee, ' Collector Bliss and
Others of the American
Regime.
> ¦
HAVANA, May 27.— American officials
here feel that they have been unjustly
treated by certain newspapers In the
United States, which have published the
sweeping statement that they all ilve'ex
travagantly. So far as the officers of high
rank are concerned, General Wood occu
pies only a small portiqn of thfe palace
for residential purposes, the rest of the
building being utilized for offices. A num
ber of employes have to be kept at Gen
eral Wood's expense— cleaners and*helpers
generally— and he says that if he did not
have some private resources to eke out
his pay and his allowances it would be
next to Impossible for him to live In the
palace <at all.
Collector Bliss liven quietly In a single
room at the Hotel Telegrafo, and Major
Ladd, chief quartermaster, lives in a
house which he shares with three other
families. General Lee lives at headquar
ters, at Quemados, as do all his staff of
ficers. Colonel Whiteslde. at Santiago,
lives in a little wooden bungalow, and
many officers live In buildings used by the
Government either as offices or police bar
racks.
General Wood safd, to-day that he con
sidered charges of extravagance In any
department except the postal unfounded,
adding that he believed no other depart
ment had anything to fear on that score
and that all conld endure the closest In
vestigation possible. • ,
A postal official who has been on the isl
and more than a year said that when the
Americans first came there were no rec
ords, and no furniture even; that the ser
vice had to be built up upon practically
no foundation at all, and that the loose
methods of former times had been carried
on at some points even to the present day.
One feature that enabled C. F. W. Neely
to divert funds in a fashion exceedingly
difficult to detect was the custom of many
postmasters to pay cash for all stamps
taken from the department, while there
was no rule for keeping books of account.
As a result the Inspector had no way of
ascertaining how many stamps had been
sold.
This official believes that when all the
books and papers have been Investigated
the shortage will not amount to more than
$100,000. __
Island Authorities; Resent
the General Charge
Against Them.
- ¦ 4
ALL OFFICIALS
IN CUBA HOT
EXTRAVAGANT
Fitzharris said that he and Mullett had
about $25 between them when they
r^achpd this port. Fitzharris asserted
That while he was on British soil he was
compelled to report to the police every
month as to his doings and whereabouts.
"I came to this country." he added, "be
jrau«=e 1 want a chance, to rest and recu
ivrate. I wanted to stay here f.bout three
months and then fro back to ray family."
Mullett indignantly refused to answer
any of the questions put to him by the
bosrd. He doctored he was not being ac
corded proper treatment by the Govern
¦ment. The men were then sent to the
"excluded pen."
The rase probably will be appealed to
the authorities at Washinjrton. and. if
not, Fi« Gharris and Mull^tt will leave this
port on Saturday on the Lucania.
Came to Hecuperate.
While telling his story to the board
Fitzharri? declared that at the time of his
trial he was offered £10.000 by the English
Government if he would turn informer
upain^t thf other members of the band.
This he refused to do. and of his sentence
he served about seventeen years in the
Mount Joy. Chatham. Downpatrick and
.Marybone prisons. K!ght months ago he
ivas pardoned.
AXter the meeting of the board It was
learned that Fitzharris was the first of
the two to be examined by the members,
lie admitted be had served nearly seven
teen years in prison. After being asked
the usual questions as to Lis ago, nativity
and residence. Fitzharris was asked of
what crime he had been convicted and an
swered "treason.'*
He was then questioned as to this
charge and hd told th© board that he had
been arrested about nine months after the
famous Phoenix Park murders. In com
pany with twenty-three others. These
.twenty-three were charged with having:
been accessories after th« " fact, while
.Fitzharris was charged with having been
an accessor}- before the fact. Three
months later he was brought to trial with
others of the accused. Five of them were
sentenced to be hang-ed and FitzhaTis
was sentenced to penal servitude for life.
Questioned at Ellis Island.
Th« two men were taken before the
"board on Ellis Island this morning. The
inquisition was secret. Th© only on© at
the baj-ge office to meet the two men, and
¦who ehowed any Interest In their behalf,
vas "Rocky Mountain" O'Brien.
"Ilia t«« men were recently pardoned by
Earl Cadogran, Lord lieutenant of Ire
land, from a sentence of Ufa imprison
ment, and reached tni» city among tha
eteernga poes^fcngers on the L.ucaxua on
Saturday last. After a conference with
Cominleslorier Kltchie the men were or
dered bade to Kills Island to await the
action of the board of special inquiry.
This board was composed of William
"Weihe. chairman; H. H. Moller, James A.
Toner and Major Charles & Sensey.
The exclusion was made under tb© In
terpretation of the law which forblda any
one being admitted to this country ¦who
l^js-been adjudged guilty of a "felony,
crime, infamous crimo or misdemeanor
involving moral turpituda."
XKXT YORK. May 27.— James Fitzharris,
aiias "Skin, the Goat," and Joseph ilul
lett, the "lriFh Invincible^," who were re
cently released from prison in Ireland,
•where they were sentenced for complicity
in the l^ioerix Park murders of 18S2, were
10-day ordered excluded by the board of.
special inquiry at the immjgratioa station
fend ordered deported.
Recently Pardoned Political Pris
oners Excluded by an Immi
gration Board of Special
Inquiry.
Fitzharris and Mullett Or
dered Deported to
Ireland.
NOT ALLOWED
TO SET FOOT
IN AMERICA
Commissioners Reach Hongkong.
HONGKONG, May 2S.— The transport
Hancock, with the Philippine Commission
aboard, arrived this morning.
Peace reigns and no trouble is expected
in Manila, although the city is. crowded
with people from the provinces who were
leaving the unprotected hamlets in order
to 'avoid the conscription which the in
surgent leaders are enforcing, as well as
robbery and outrages at the hands of rov
ing insurgents and bandits. .
The investigation of the charge against
Brigadier-General Funston of having exe
cuted two natives in the province of Zam
bales has resulted in a discontinuance of
the proceedings. It developed the fact
that General Funston caught the natives
in the act of murdering bound Macabebe
scouts, his action in view of the commis
saries being regarded- as justifiable. '
The insurgent commander, with twenty
officers and 230 men, surrendered on May
20, ¦ piring up a hundred rifles. An im
pressive scene occurred on the plaza when
the prisoners were disarmed and liberated,
xiie islanders were found suffering from
lack of food, owing to the blockade, and
the American authorities are endeavoring
to relieve them. " s
Colonel Edward E. Gardin, with three
companies of the Twenty-ninth Regiment
and blue jackets from the gunboat Hel
ena, landed at Palonog, Masbate Island,
under the enemy's fire, routed the insur
gents and, after an engagement lasting
half an hour, occupied the town without
casualties.
MANILA, May 27.— Scouting, small en-
Sag^nents and the capture of arms and
prisoners continue dally In Northern Lu
zon. Last week's operations by the
Ninth, Twelfth, Thirty-third, Thirty
fourth and the Thirty-sixth regiments re
sulted in the killing of forty-six of the
enemy, the taking of 180 prisoners and
the capture of 300 rifles and a quantity
of ammunition.
Proceedings Against General Funs
ton Dismissed, as It Was Shown,
That Charges Ag-ainst Hiin ";
Were Groundless.
Men Under Colonel Gardin
Capture the Town of
Palonog.
WEEK OF MINOR
ENGAGEMENTS IN
PHILIPPINES
Coogan's Candidacy for the Vice-Presi
dency Angers Friends of the
Blatant Sulzer,
FACTIONAL FIGHT OF
NEW YORK DEMOCRATS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 28, 1900.
The dead officers were fearless men and
the people are greatly excited over the
killing.
Governor Wells, upon receipt of informa
tion, immediately telegraphed orders for
a posse of ten mounted men to start from
Thompsons for the scene of the trouble.
The posse at once started in pursuit of
the outlaws.
Day at once started for assistance and
came here, where he told his story and
telegraphed Governor Wells for assist
ance.
on their horsea when they dismounted,
and as they turned to go to their horses
they were shot in the back.
SALT LAKE, May 27.-Yesterday at
noon Sheriff Taylor of Grand County and
Deputy Sheriff Sam Jenkins, a prominent
cattle owner, were shot and killed by out
laws on Hill Creek, about fifty miles north
of here. The story of the killing, as told
by Herbert iW, another deputy sheriff,
who was with them, is as follows:
The three men unexpectedly came upon
the camp of the outlaws: Taylor and Jen
kins dismounted and started to walk up
to them. When a short distance from
them the Sheriff spoke to them, sayingr.
"Hello, boys." They had left their guns
Met the Desperadoes Unexpectedly in
Hills of Utah and Were Murdered
While Unarmed."
SHERIFF AND A DEPUTY
SHOT DOWN BY OUTLAWS
James J. Coogan.
2
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND TILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our lot*
scientific rr.ethod applied to the guxas. So
sleep-prodcclDK agents or cocaine.
Theaa are the only dental parlors tn ftan
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and ingredients to extract, fill and apply ?ol I
crowns and porcelain crown* undetcctable from
natural teeth, and warranted (or ten yeara.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set ot
teeth J5. a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. $5. Gold fillings. Jl. Silver nll-
lng». We. All woric done by GRADUATE DEN.
TISTS of from 13 to H» years' experience, and
each department In charge of a Bpecial'it. GIt*
cs a call, and you will find us to do exactly
as w» advertise. We will tell you In advance
exactly what your work will cost by a FREJ1
EXAMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
HOURS. S to 1; SUNDAYS. 19 to i
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
The Hold=Fast Clip
• For Eye=Glasses.
It Is the only nose piece that solves the prob-
lem of easy, firm adjustment, with simplicity
and neatness of construction.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala 1$.
o KH0T0U 5c, ENT , r , c
64Z Market ot. instruments
uMDta CHROMjat Bun.otN&. CATALOGUE FREE.
p DR.PIERCES
: GOLDEN
MEDICAL
D8SCOVEHY
FOR THE
1 BLOOO,UVER.Ll)NGg:
CAPE NOME
A1ACHINERV and SUPPLIES^
OUR COLD DREDGINQ PUMPS
1/nArU Were successful at Nome last
KKUUll year- All ethers failed. In opera-
*** - tlon dally. » Stevenson st.. 3. f.
SAKD CE>TRIFUOAL PUMPS.
Iiri^CAM Gold ilredglns .pumps, the orl ]7
.1 ALKjull successful pump manufactured.
" n> " " 625 Sixth »t. Ban Francisco.
DREDGINQ PUMPS.
Our centrifugal pumps are going to Cape Koon*.
ar» you? Better buy *>ne;-Just the P«™P f y
rravel: has Interchangeable parts. W. T.
OARRATT & CO.. cor. Fremont and Natom*.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
Kureka. Separator and Amalgamator; pan mo-
tion; In operation 28 Beale st.
ENGINES.
In stock, steam, gas. gasoline: full line: si.r*.
price*. American Mfr». Assn.. r> Fremont.
TANKS.
TANKS-P« rifle Tank Co.. manufacturers. 23
Beal« gt.. 8. F.; 343 E. Zd it.. Los Angeles.
PORTABLB HOUSES.
BURN'HAM-STANDEFOHD CO.. -Washington
and 1st its.. Oakland, or Buildevs Ex.. 3. y.
GROCERIES. .J
GROCERIES, provisions, tents: packed, shlpp**
free. SBARBORO «ft CO.. 621 Montgomery.
MEDICINE CASES.
FERfiY DEUG CC « JSffi-*
APVEHTISEMENTa. Jj«]
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
222-224 GUTTER STREET
We are the sole agents for
ADAMS SPRINGS
miNERAL WATER
bottled at springs in its original
state. Unsurpassed for tne «.ure of
Dyspepsia, Malaria, Drop=y, Cos-
tiveness, Liver and KiJney Com-
plaints.
Case of 50 quarts $7-75
Do?. $2.25 bot. 20c
We allow 5*-5o on r;!um of case
and bottles.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY
Better, finest Creamery 32»s square
Last week 40c. *
Tea, 10 kinds 40s lb
Our regular high grada 50o Teas.
Pineapple, Hawaiian, whole
2Cc Urge tins
Finest quality. Regularly 30c.
Chutnsy Relish * 25c bot
A delicious condlmMit. From. Old
Virginia. Regularly 30c.
Puritas "Ginger Ale" doz $1.20
Excelled by uone. Regularly $1 43.
" Root Beer doz $1.15
A delicious beverage. Xon-lntoxl-
catlng.
Castile Soap 25c bar
Imported French. Regularly 30c.
Germ-Meal 10-!!) bag 25c
A new breakfast, mush. Re?. S5c.
Catsup 15c bat
L. I*. £ Co.'s "New Era." Reff. 20c
Walnuts, sott shell 12!: lb
Regularly 13c. * *
Scotch Whisky bot SM5
10 years old. S. R. & Co. Bottled
In Scotland. Regularly ?1 50.
The Sterling Siicer, "New" $1.75
Slices all kinds of vegetables and
fruits, any thickness. Regularly $2.
Household Stale $1.50
Weighs up to it lbs: guaranteed ac-
curate. Regularly $2 25. .
Utlca Cleansing Compound
Reg. 25c, now 2Qc tin, or 3 tins 50c
In powder or paste. Cheaper than
soap. Guaranteed to clean any article
without Injury, whether silks, woolens,
blankets, curtain?, metal or silverware,
windows, crystal, carpets or rusrs— in
fact there is nothing that it will not
clean. No more sore or cracked hands
while using L'tica.
Country orders shipped free
within 100 mile -i.Though Spain . is an agricultural coun
try; it had to import last year more than
$15,000,000 worth of grain. BESl
Broad shoulders : for, men's coats have
gone out of style In London, and now tail
ors are "cutting coats so as to make the
shoulders look as narrow as possible.
You can ruin a good picture by putting
the wrong frame on It. It requires judg
ment to frame pictures correctly, and the
right kind of mouldings, too. Our Vert
Cherry, Ebony and Gold and Sepia mould
ings, which have. just arrived, are gems
of the moulding-makers' art.- Bring in
your pictures and let us talk It over with
you. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 7U Market 8t. •
Rev. John S. Thomas will speak to the
Toung People's Christian Temperance
Union to-night at 8 o'clock in the Young
Men's Christian Association building cor
ner of Ellis and Mason streets. The' sub
ject will be. "What Shall We Do With tho
Ox that Gores?"
Will Lecture on Temperance.
Have Just Perfected, an Organiza
tion Looking to a Standard
for Students.
Local pharmacists are in receipt of the
minutes of a meeting held two weeks ago
at Richmond, Va., at which a national
association of pharmaceutical colleges was
formed. They take particular inter
est in the matter aside from the better
ing effect the organization may have on
their profession in the fact that such a
result was brought about largely through
the efforts of one of the'r fellows. Dr. \V
J. Jackson of this city, professor of the
theory and practice ofpharmacv at the
College of Physicians and -Surgeons.
Coincident with the annual meeting at
Richmond of the National Pharmaceutical
Association, a conference was held of rep
resentatives of the leading colleges of
pharmacy of tho country, the object bo
ing to effect an association that would
grade the profession, define the amount of
work necessary for a student to attain
the degree of Ph. G., the amount of addi
tional, work necessary for him to attain
the degree of doctor of pharmacy, and to
establish a standard that would be unt
formlv ' satisfactory, so that any State
board might be proud to register the diplo.
ma of any student from any college in the
association. Professor H. P. Hynson of
the Maryland University was chairman
and Dr. "W. J. Jackson of this city secre
tary of the temporary organization. Per
manent organization was effected by the
election of the following officers: Presi
dent, Professor A. B. Prescott of. Ann Ar
bor; vice president. Professor J. R. Rem
ington of Philadelphia: secretary and
treasurer. Professor AV. H. Bradbury of
Washington. D. 'C. Annual meetings of
the : association will be held coincident
with those of the National Pharmaceutical
Association. -
PHARMACISTS STRIVE
FOR UNIFORMITY
Tho speaker told how Memorial day
was established in 1S78, through an order
by General Lcgan, then commander of
the G. A. R., in pursuance of a sugges
tion made to GeneraJ X. P. Ohipman by
a soldier who had fought through the
Civil War. He also told of the origin of
the first G. A. R. post, which was organ
ized in Decatur. 111., a year after the war.
"The Grand Arnjy dates back further
than that, though. 1 * said General Salo
mon. "Its origin trees back to the time
when Sumter was attacked and the date
of Lincoln's first call for troops. From
then until February 9, 1S65. it was in full
: operation, and ever since .we have been
1 trying to keep alive the memory of those
•who died on the Held, not In a spirit of
animosity toward any one but to Inspire
every American child with the glory and
heroism of those who fought from 1S61 to
The speaker compared the battles of the
Civil War with those of the present time,
showing the magnitude of the former,
where thousands were killed in each en
gagement, against hundreds in later con
flicts, at .Gettysburg the bloodshed being
the greatest of any battle of the century.
"At tnls day," he continued, "we can
forgive but we cannot forget, and as
Americans we feel* proud even of those
who fought against us. for they were no
ble foemen. worthy of our steel. When I
read of the fighting in Cuba and the Phil
ippines, although I feel that our boys
were heroes for donning the blue and an
swering their country's call, as an old
veteran I must say I do not think fighting
at 3000 yards distance Is not so hard as
After prayer by the paster, Rev. E. M.
S. Hodffin. II. N. Clement delivered a
short address and read two poems by
Richard Realf and the one composed by
himself on the death of President Gar
field eighteen years ago. He then intro
duced General E. S. Salomon, who deliv
ered the address of the evenlnp.
Garfield Post. G. A. R.. held memorial
services at the Second Unitarian Church,
corner of Capp and Twentieth streets, last
night. The altar and choir railing were
draped with rt-d, white and blue and on
the wail, behind the pulpit, was hung a
mammoth American flag.
General Salomon Delivers
an Address to Old
Comrades.
CHERISHED FDR
ALL THE THEIR
MEMORY WILL BE
Rev. R. F. Coyle. D. D., commissioner
from California to the recent Ecumenical
Missionary Conference at New York, will
address the Presbyterian Ministerial
Union at 10:30 o'clock this morning in the
mission house, 920 Sacramento street, near
Powell. All are invited to attend.
Missionary Address by Dr. Coyle.
Charles McDonald, aged -6 years, was
arrested last. night by Detectives Dlnan
and Wren and Police Officer Colon and
charged with the murder of Bernard
Kearney, his uncle, committed about a
year and a half ago. The men had a dis
pute in a saloon at" Steuart and Mission
streets, where McDonald was employed,
and finally came to blows. Getting the
worst of the encounter McDonald picked
up a bottle and struck his uncle over the
head, fracturing his skull. After adminis
tering the fatal blow McDonald, with the
assistance of a friend, took the injured
relative to the Receiving Hospital, where
he was treated. Subsequently he was re
moved to his home. 216 Essex street
where he died six days later. Becoming
alarmed McDonald packed his grip and
went to Arizona. Mrs. Kearney, the
widow of tho dead man, swore to have
McDonald punished for his crime, and
after enlisting the services of the police
she set about herself to run the young
man down. She wrote to. every Sheriff
in the country, giving a description of
McDonald and begging, them to do all in
their power to apprehend the alleged mur
derer. Two days ago McDonald returned
to this city, but managed to keep out of
the way of the detectives. He was seen
last night to enter a place of amusement
in the tenderloin district and was shortly
afterward placed under arrest. He offered
no resistance and was at once taken to
police headquarters.
McDonald positively refused' to make a
statement further than to admit he struck
his uncle during a- heated dispute. He
will.be formally charged to-day with the
crime.
Arrest of Charles McDonald
for a Crime of a
¦XT :VwV"^
Year Ago.
MURDERED HIS
UNCLE DURING
A TRIVIAL ROW
Memorial services were also held last
night at Trinity Methodist Church Six
teenth and Xoe streets: the A. M. E. Zion
Church.. K05 Stockton street, and Stewart
Memorial Church, Guerrero street near
Twenty-third.
The services closed with the singing of
the "Star-Spangled Banner" by choir and
audience.
"We need no standing army In this
country. The spirit of 1S61 has been trans
mitted to our boys, and we are para
mount in peace and unconquerable in war
The action of our youth in the Spanish',
war speaks tho valor of their sires Let
us show by the simple ceremony on Me
morial day our appreciation of what they
did."
"I hope the coming generation Trill not
be allowed to forget the deeds of their
fathers. They should be taught them in
school.
"It Is a peculiar coincidence that as a
boy in Hamburg I witnessed on May 24.
1852. a glittering review of the Prussian
and Austrian armies, all in gorgeous uni
forms, wishing the while I could be a sol
dier, and that on May 24, 1S65, I rode at
the head of my brigade in the review at
Washington. That latter review, with its
tattered hosts, was to me grander than
the Rorgeous pageant in the European
capital. In Washinerton there were cheer3
by the people, in Hamburg none.
"To-day, from Maino to California,
wherever there is a soldier lying under
the sod. his grave is decorated. The preat
American people love to honor these he
roes, and next Wednesday we will see
them do it.
"The 30th of May has become a na
tional holy day. and not a holiday, as
some would make it. It is sacred and
should he kept so. It Is not a day for
picnics, and the Grand Army of the Re
public will ever protest against, such
events on this date.
"During those days from '61 to '65 not a
few but thousands of heroes shouldered
muskets and left home, not merely to
jrain plory and honor, but to uphold the
flag of the nation and show that such a
Government as ours, by, for and of the
people, could and would live. And the
greatest praise that can be given them
i? a recital of how, after the bloody strife
all the 400,000 of them quietly lay down
their arras and became what is greater
than American soldiers— good American
citizens. After it all the name of Abra
ham Lincoln Is written in letters of gold
on the papres of the world's history.
fiErhtlne faclnpr the enemy almost as close
ly as I now face this audience. I believe
my old comrades think this. too.
Q -?—§>-?—£-?-$-?- •$>->-' $>-?-<?'-?— <$*-?— <*> -$-
prrsent on Jure SO, cominp up the river
with its yachts from San Francisco in a
large party to stay lor several days. The
president of the street fair has appointed
tho following committee on reception for
the San Francisco Yacht Club: Harry
Hewlett, J. F. Peters. John Thompson.
Dewitt Clary. Andrew Simpson. Will
Thomas, Georcre Wheatly, Harry Marsh.
Otto Koppitz, Dr. Allen". Will WashinK
ton. Alfred Frazcr, Francis Hodsrkins.
George Bakor, Cert Melone, Ralph
Phelps. Frank Guernsey. Kck Weaver,
Herbert Belrlinp. Mr. and Mrs. de Vries,
Gus Grant, Kittie Xunan, Lottie Ruggles.
Jean Read. Nellie Vance, Nannie Mc-
Oarty. Mrs. Ralph Lane. Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Lane, Eugene Wilhoit. Mrs. Wal
ter Morrissey, Mr. and Mrs. Westbay, Mr.
and Mrs. S. N. Cross. Mr. and Mrs*. Col
vin Brown. Mr. and Mrs. Kee Hart, Mr.
and Mrs. M. P. Stein. Mr. and Mrs. Con
nolly, Mr. and Mrs. George Crane. Dr.
Wallace, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hutching
son. Mr. and Mrs. Orrin Hpndcrson. Miss
Genevieve Peters, Missses Wing. Welch,
Weber, Wilhoit. Elliott. Budd, Clary.
Thompson. Abbie Hammond, Clara
Rosenbaum. Isabella Laogier, Agnes Fer
guson, Anderson.
TWO OF THE LEADING CANDIDATES FOR QUEEN OF THE COM
ING STREET FAIR AT STOCKTON.
Captain King, who 1? the commander of
the only veteran volunteer military eom
par.v nov.- bearing arm?, has sent a re
cjufft that his company be allowed to
assist in celebrating July 4 at Stock
ton. An invitation will be extended to
the company.
In addition to these features the execu
tive committee has received word that
the San Francisco Yacht Club will be
Special Dispatch to The Call. ; I
STOCKTON. May 27.— The outlook for \
th'e Stockton Free Street Fair, i
which commences Tuesday, June
25 and continues till July 4. is dally ,
growing ropier. The promoters are ;
convincing the citizens of Stockton and ]
San Joaquin Valley that it will be
worthy of their active patronage. The
programme adopted for the occasion i.«
being extended to embrace better and |
more elaborate attractions and daily fea
tures. |
To-morrow the contest for queen of the 1
fair will begin in earnest. A number of j
names of beautiful girls have been pro
posed for the honor, and at least five or
six will run heavily in the balloting.
Among those most prominently mention- i
ed are Miss G^nevieve Peters, Miss Ethel
Reibenstein, Miss Gertrude Elliott and
Miss Devinney.
George W. Ca.tts has been selected as
chairman in charge of the contest and
has appointed as his assistants Will
Davis. George Mcbeod and J. M. Eddy. '
Major Edwin Sherman has sent a com
munication to Pros-Mem Henderson sub
pesting; that the Fourth of July eclebra- !
lion should also embrace a jubilee for the I
veterans of the Mexican war. The in- >
teresting fact is recited thai the city of
Stockton was named after Commander J
Richard Stockton, who was really - the |
commander of California and com- j
mander-ir.-chlef of both land and naval
forces of the United States after the de- i
farture of Commodore Sloat to the East. I
t is suggested by Ma 1or Sherman that 1 ,
the commandirKT officer of the United I
Stales navy at Mare Island be invited to i
be present and alpo Fend a detachment of i
paiiors and marines. The people are j
also urging that the Sloat Monument'
Association and the Secretary of the
Navy be invited to have a representative ;
on hand to help celebrate the day and I
ooea sion. •
Eapbyts cf I* I>benbaum & Co.,
"With Invited Guests. Make Merry
at Il£'* r Tv r 3.rds Park.
The employe* of L. L.«?benbaum & Co.
fcfld a private picnic yesterday at Hay
•wards Park. Many invited guest? were
or. hr.r;<i arA enjoyed with their friends a
p^r^ral good time. Nothing in the re
rreshnieat U»« was lacking, either in quai
:tv or o.ucr.tity.
Dancing was the mala feature of the
day, ani the merrymakers departed from
:hat pleasure only long enough to partici
pate IB the games.
C. Waldman had charge of arrange
rr.errs. and many complimentary words
•were said cf his able management.
Following is a list if the games:
<^k?waik — Writ prize. liarry Henly and Amf
::& Linden: s*oon<*. C. «7s«*y &n<l Marie Ecloe;
b<x>by prize. Jimes Kacan arid Mrs. J. ileyer-
r e\i.
S*rk rar« tor m<?n— Flrrt. F. Lfb-cbaum ; sec
<m* "ET- Gr*e».
Ere race tor Icilet—Tirrt. M!s« T. "Wol?;
Bec<'nd. Mir« S. Ci'Aoziey.
RunnmK broa-1 jutni*— First. Fred Leb^n-
Uum: Oscar McMann and \Y. Grtc» tie<i for
eer««DKd. : ? • ¦;
Married leiie*' r*ic*— First. "Unknown"; *ec
or.-l. Mrs. Rinrtclph.
Trvzig lades' race— Firrt. Miss Rosa Leben
bJJra: F<»cond. Mie« gcnoenholx.
Ot«ac!e race— y.rrt. Will Kutz; second. W.
Ora-e. . •*•'
V-r.z* «-aitr— First, Mr. ten*. Sirs. Berg'.and;
gecaafl. Le» Porr<?r and Mrs. <~lark.
.I'j^r'-s of raraM-Jeffe Mej-erreld. Johns Ga
brirt n-.i lunej r.iian.
ENJOYED THEMSELVES
AT PRIVATE PICNIC
Delivers a Brilliant Address
at Metropolitan Temple.
Rev. B. Fay Mills, the well-known
preacher, delivered an. address last night
to a large, audience in Metropolitan TezOf
pie on "War Against Warr." The speaker
held his audience Intently interested by
his logical handling of tho subject.
Throughout the lecture ho was applauded.
An interesting programme preceded tha
address. Organist Eokman rendered a
"G. A. R." melody. "Cavalleria Ruati
cana" and the overture to "Martha." This
was followed by a barytone solo entitled
"Israel," by Dr. J. A. Brown. Hon,
James G. Magulre, president of the Sun
day Lecture Association, delivered a short
speech, in which he outlined the history
of the association and the effort being
made to make it a permanent organiza
tion. He appealed to his auditors to join
with the officers in bringing about the de
sired result. A meeting was held after thq
services and the subject was discussed.
It is« very probable that such aa organiza
tion will be formed. ¦ v\
The Popular Unitarian Minister
DR. MILLS LECTURES TO
AN EARNEST GATHERING'
The alumni of the Sacred Heart College
held its annual election of officers yester
day afternoon at the college. Dr. Charles
D. McGettigan. the young doctor at the
Harbor Receiving Hospital, was elected
president and John Richards secretarv
The alumni will hold its annual banquet
at a local restaurant to-morrow.
The commencement exercises of the Sa
cred Heart College will take place at tho
Metropolitan Temple next Friday evening
at 8 o'clock. Addresses will be made and
papers read by the students.
Alumni of Sacred Heart College Pre
pares for Its Annual Reunion
and banquet.
DR. S M'GETTIGAN IS
ELECTED PRESIDENT
Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast, vicar gen
eral of the diocese. At the conclusion of
the services, which were of more than
ordinary solemnity, the visiting Arch
bishop bestowed the papal blessing on
the large congregation, which kneeled to j
receive it. Mass was celebrated by Rev. j
Father Hannigan. with Kev. Father
Ramxn as deacon and Rev. Father O'Mal
lty sub-deacon. Rev. Father O'Kyan was
master of ceremonies.
Dr. Rooker's sermon was taken from
the words of the Canticle of Canticles
and uttered " by divine Providence to
Mary: "Thou art all beautiful, O my be
loved, and there is no t tain on thee."
"To-day is the last Sunday of the
month," said Dr. Rooker, "which Catho
lics are pleased to devote to the special
remembrance and honor of the Blessed
Virgin. Catholics look toward Mary with
feelings of tenderness, of love, of confi
dence and of worship next only to those
j feelings and sentiments we have toward
| God himself. Who is this Mary who
means so much to Catholics? How are
we to know that it is right and reason
able to adore a woman who is a creature
of God like ourselves? The answer la
that God himself has distinguished her
from all the rest of his creatures and
placed her above everything else which
he has created. It is our duty. then, to
look up to her as one occupying lirst place
among all creatures.
"Mary in the sight of the providence of
God is that one whom he had in mind
when he uttered the first promise after
the tall of our first parents and after he I
had pronounced the malediction upon
. them: 'I will pla«e an enmity between
thee and one woman: between her seed
| and thy seed, and she shall crush thv i
i head. That woman was Mary. She wa's !
the one through whom the promise of j
the redemption was to be verified. Though !
the loathsome waters of the Hood of orig- '
Inal sin encompassed all mankind, Mary
was the sole person preserved^ from it's
contaminating influences by God himself.
i *; c had marked her to be pure and holv.
though saints and apostles had all bee-i
touched by the dark stain,
i V a .u y is th ; one who brcmirht Christ
k°ii e - W0 , rId - and ior years he lived
obedient with her. H.-r faith never wav
ered and her confidence never faltered as
she followed him through all his missions
bne it was who stood at the cross as her
son s soul fled and then witnessed his
resurrection as he departed from earth
Wind passed into heaven. Mary Is she
who when her course of life was' run was
taken to heaven by the same God who had
Bet ilia eyes on her from the beginning of
creation. Me elevated her to that place
marked out for her. above all the ancels
and archangels, beside Christ the" son of
i God and her son."
Monsignor Martinelli was the guest of
honor at aj dinner tendered hirn in th*
afternoon by Rev. Father Prendergast
r H G< V ne , r », al '>. at the Par^hial house.'
Seated at the banquet board were Rev
£?n he " P ren <^r6ast. Rarara, Hannigan
O'Ryan. O'Malley. Seanlan and Lagan
! and Henry Austin Adams, the lecturer
At the close cf the dinner the papal del
egate took occasion to express his appre
ciation for the kindnesses shown him
I during his short stay in this cftv. He said
i he felt glad that he had seen *San Fran
| Cisco and found such unity and harmony.
! h 1C k W °£ e ev!de , nc <?s of progress Iiwhe
: church. He concluded by expressingthe
, hope that, some duty might call him once
i more to tne Pacific shores, that ho might
see more of California and have ample
opportunity of becoming acquainted with
the clergy and the people of this State
Before departing he held an informal re
ception, which was attended by friends
who wished to renew acquaintance. Rev
f, ath ? r Prendergast bade Monsignor
Martinelli godspeed on his journey to the
capital. ¦ ••.¦ •
' llonsisnor Martinelli. papal delegate to
' the United States, accompanied by his sec
i retary. Rev. F. Z. Kucker. departed last
i evening on the 6 o'clock overland tiler for
j Washington. Before boarding the train
¦ he expressed his complete satisfaction
(with all that he saw during his short stay
' and his regret that duty compelled him
! to hasten nis departure from dan Fran
i Cisco. ' ' ' ;¦¦
The distinguished prelate spent an inter
esting day yesterday. In the morning he
assisted at the mass in St. Mary's Caihe
• dral. at wr.ieh his private secretary,
I Kev. father Kooker, preached. Father
i Rooker paid a bc-autitut tribute to the
i Blessed Virgin Mary, whom all Catholics
| honor as the mother of God. The rever
! end speaker talks in a simple style that
is at once interesting and convincing, and
th^i subject was treated as it has per
haps never been handled here before.
Mho pa pel delegate was seated on the
Archbishop's throne tn the sanctu
ary. He was attirerl In the long
purple robe worn by Archbishops,
and in honor of his distinguished
presence some forty a'.tar boys wore pur
ple cassocks and white surplices, ivlgr.
| was personally attended by
He Attends Mass and Is Guest of
Honor at a Dinner Tendered
Him by Vicar General
Prendargcst.
0
Monsignor Martinelli and
Secretary Depart for
Washington.
PAPAL DELEGATE
PLEASED WITH
CHURCH UNITY
There was scarcely a <3ry eye In the
congregation at the First Unitarian
Church yesterday morning when the ven
erable Rev Horatio Stebbins. D. D.. who
has been pastor of the church for over
thirty-five years, arose in the pulpit and
said farewell to his old parishioners. JJr.
Stebbins retired from active service some
months ago, giving way to Rev. Bradford
Leayitt, who is now occupying 1 the pul
pit, but he has been regular in his at
tendance and cften took part in the ser
vices. Now he has decided to remove to
Boston In order that his son and daughter
may have the advantages of the schools
there, so that it is not likely that he will
again commune- with his erstwhile fol
lowers, at least for some time to come-.
The announcement of Dr. Stebbins' con
templated departure came from the pul-
Eit quite unexpectedly. Rev. Mr. Leavitt
ad preached a short sermon from Kings
ii:x. When the Prophet Klljah was about
to depart from his active tield of work.
Eli?ha a.«ked him to bestow upon his suc
cessor double the share of inspiration
that he had enjoyed in his work, to which
Elijah replied in the words of the text.
"If thou see me when I am taken away
Touching Scene at tha Church Yes
terday When the Aged Divine
Bade Farewell to His Erst
while Parishioners.
Minister Emeritus of the
First Church to Remove
to Boston.
DR. STEBBINS
SAYS GODD-BY
TO UNITARIANS
CHICAGO, ilay r.-By th<* laying on of
hand 5 ci twelve Bishop in the presence
cf SON persons at the* Auditorium fo-r
'SS&SSSSR M00re ' ass! S* e < to the
S«¥ra£^£^° n - a «^<* to the
Vv^rny 311 " 6 .^rker and Frank Wes-
V>%* Ot T 2:shop 8 - e iect and eight elders,
an orsan prelude Bishop Bowman
C-c-s'' Sng1 " g ° f " The H e r aMs of the
The audience then recited the creed, and
B.fhop Joyce led in prayer. BSshop Mc-
Cabe lea Jn sSnKir.p '-Th« Minister's Only
J-.usir.e-ss the collect was rpad by B'.shop
Fitzserald. the episUe by Bishop *Hartzeli
•end the gospel by iiishop Thoburn. Bishop
Bowncn, v.-ho was presiding, thfti a<i
vanced and stood in front of Bishop-elect
alocre. The latter 5tood up with Elders
J. C. Arbuckle and A. J Xast who an
nounced:
"We present yr.tf* you this holv man t<>
rbe consecrated p? « Bishop.'.' The samo
ceremony »ae por,<> through with for the
three other Bishor^-f !*>ct.
Bishop Fowler then read a call to
.prayer, r.-hich ni followed with a prayer
try Bishop Vinc^r.t. The examination and
irvoeation wer«i by Bishop Andrews.
The "Veni Crentor Splritus" was recited
.by Blshcp Warren, the audience chanting
the responses. Hiphcp Cranston followed
1 ¦with a prayer, and then Bishops Merrill.
¦ McCabf and Cranston arose and stood in
>front of the Kt v. Mr. Moore, who knelt
tat a bench, with the elders en either side
of him.
The three Bishops placed their Tiands on
-fciR head ar.d r<-cn*d the prayers of the
i<x>nsecration. Bis-hop-elect Moore wejs then
, handed a new Bible. L!k<e services T.'ere
{performed for each candidate.
A prayer of ihanksg-lvtmar was said by
1 Bishcp Goo3sall. ar.d the choir sang "Te
Deurs Laudanius."
Thousands of People Crowded Into
tie Building to "Witness the
Solemn and Iinpressive
Service.
Simple Ceremonies in the
Auditorium at
Chicago.
CONSECRATION
OF METHODIST
BISHOPS-ELECT
Interest in the Contest for Queen Increases and
Heavy Balloting for Favorites
ATTRACTIVE FEATURES
FOR STOCKTON STREET FAIR
At the close of the sermon Dr. Stebblna
addressed the congregation for a few
minutes with touching words of kindness
and love for those who have been his
companions In Joy and sorrow for so
many years. He voiced the hopo that
he might yet be spared to return and live
among them, and that they mijrbx grow
ar.d prosper under the guidance 01 tha
able younR minister they had chosen aj
their leader and gTilde.
After the closing hymn, a favorite of
the aged pastor, and the benediction tha
members of the church crowded forward
to bid grood-b>* to Dr. Stebbins and ilra.
Stebbins.
from thee It shall be so unto the*.*' Ths
interpretation placed upon this by tha
preacher was that Ellsha was urged ta
live up to the Ideal that hla predecessor
had striven to represent. The lesson
taught Is that the successful man In any
profession Is he who constantly keeps la
view a sreat model, which may be- Invisi
ble to all others and strives to build up
to It. By Inference the speaker polnteq
out the venerable pastor who is about to
remove entirely from the sphere of use
fulness he has occupied for so Ion? as tji>s
ideal up to which his successor will try to
build. -
THE 8AN FRANCISCO OAIiL., MONDAY, MAY 28. 1900.
3
ADVEBTISE2IENTS.
~_ - - -
Smiths'
Seven
**^\
I Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday.
j Candles 10-oz 12£c \
"Sli'shtly discolored."
Soap -for 25c I
Falrbarks Brown. iS-oz
long tars — «IIs at 5c each. j
Fidelity Corn 3 for 25c
\: New York state sweet com. j
i Loose Raisins 6ibs25c j
¦5 cr*wn new stock
Reg. 6c per Ib.
I Jam 2 tins 25c
Fidelity Pear ar.d Plum
Selected fruit and sugar,
see it open. » ;
Pears 2 tins 25c S
p Bartlett Standard quality :
table fruit, heavy syrcp. ' >
I Reg. 20c per tin.
Coffee per ib. 20c ;
Family blend. Roaster |
ground. Reg. 25c per Ib. i
Campers j
May obtain everything here
under the one roof. No delay or |
risk in shipping. That's our J
business. We understand pack- ;
I Suburbanites !
H We are right in the daily path
J cf every commuter from Oak- ]
i land, Alameda or Berkeley, and |
! offer free delivery in any quan- j
tity 3 times daily, same as city
service in 3 to 5 hours. ' Parcels
checked free.
Delicatessen counter for
25-27 MARKET ST.
Purely reliable »»* a-a reliable. Caua«
&£Ski^i!£tr. eoiBpteu ab » ori!tion "o
For O-.e cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Eowe!«. Kl<Jner». Bladder, F«malilr-
recuinrttles. Sick Headache. BlUon«ne«9 Coa-
ttlpatlon, Pl'ea and all deransensenu of th»
iclercaJ Vi«cer». 2Se a bcx. At DruraUta or
fcy mil. 3UU3WAT & CO. K»i i«L
m t J& OU can § et made-to-order ||
|j clothing to-day at prices ||
i iLllI which ten years ago were g
| an utter impossibility. Taking our business as II
H an example these are the principal reasons : |||
i The mills manufacture cloth at less expense fig
and furnish it at low prices to large buyers
H (our saving through this is fully 20 per cent); Eg
m a labor-saving system of cutting and making ra|
H admits turning out the clothes quickly; being fM
U a large store, small profits rule, as the sales are |||
||? numerous. |||
H So, made-to-order clothes are now an pll
|p economical possibility instead of a rare luxury, fig
g Most anybody can afford to have his clothes |§|
|| made to order. p|
ji| At present we are making to order dressy pa
g sack suits and cutaways for $13.50 from X$M
|| black cheviot indigo blue sep£e fef
I blue cheviot new light blue serge ||
I and clay worsted^ |f|
|| As you know these are all good, stylish, f||
p dressy cloths, and the vaiues are £20 — that is,
tk that's the usual price everywhere for tailor- jfe
1^" made clothes like them. v |~
Get our .samples, make your selection of 1
cloth and compare elsewhere— see what a g>
Our guarantee goej with every suit — you ||
fi * Money returned if you want it; or
pa Clothes kept in rei>air free for one year. §a
Out-of-iown orders filled for made-io-order clothes *tw
write for samples ; fit assursd by our self-measuring blank. Rh3Claims He Was Robbed
NKTV YORK. May 27.— R. T. Davis of
San Francisco Is at the Buckingham. R.
S. Macdougal of Los Angeles is at the
Netherlands. I- ,
CALITOBNTANS IN NEW YORK,
William Ilaywood, United States Con
sul-General at Honolulu during the past
three years, arrived from the East, last
night on his way to ' the islands, where
he will arrive in time to turn over. to the
new government the matters that have
been under -his care. He has been in
Washington for several weeks. He is at
the Occidental/
»v r . Westerheimer, vice president of the
Standard Gold Mining Company, arrived
yesterday from New York and is at the
Occidental. , -',• >.:;,• *";¦
James L. xuinnls of Carrollton, Mo., and
L. J. Jones of Hale. Mo., mercnants of
standing in the South, are guests at the
I'alace. They are touring the coast for
pleasure.
general M. W. Miller of the National
Guard. a.t Fresno is a guest at the Cali
fornia. • '
Robert Hartshorne, a prosperous busi
ness man of Highlands, N. J., is a guest
at the Palace.
Dr. C. A. Ruggles of the State Board of
Health came down from Stockton yester
day and is at the Grand.
Frank H. Short of Fresno, attorney and
Yosemite Park Commissioner, la at the
Palace. lie expects to go into the park
next week. -;f::V^iv-
Frank M. I>ick, a merchant of New
York, and his wife are guests at the
Palaco. . '.,
PERSONAL MENTION.
XV. 11. Atkinson, a fruit man of Napa, is
at the Grand.
O J. Woodward, a banker of Fresno, is
at tnc Lick.
C. H. Strong, a capitalist of London. Is
at the Occidental.
W. H. McCHntock, a mining man of So
nora, is at the Lick.
Ex-State Senator O. G. Goucher of Los
Angeles is at the Grand.
H. B. Wood, a merchant of San Jose,
and wife are at the Palace.
C. A. Williams, a mining man of Johan
nesberg, is at the Palace.
J. D. Carr, a wealthy resident of Sa-
Hnas. is at the Occidental.
John Warswick, a commission merchant
01 Hanford. is at the Lick.
In the Brazilian navy officers are chiefly
selected from students at the naval school
at Rio de Janeiro, where they become
ensigns after a term of five years. In ad
dition candidates from among men in the
navy and merchant marine with five
years' sea experience and who can pass
required examination in navigation and
gunnery may also be promoted to ensigns
and are in the line of promotion.
A flotilla of torpedo boats recently left
Wilhelmshafen on a cruise up the Rhine
This is in pursuance of the Emperor's Je
termination to popularize the navy. • Most
of the farmers and others along the route
will for the first time in their lives see
actual vessels of war and note the dif
ference between river boats and other
craft as compared with the natty, swift
torpedo boats. The route is an unusually
interesting one, taking in such historical
and well-known cities as Dusseldorf, Co
logne. Bonn, Coblentz, Speyer and termi
nating at Strasburg, distant about 400
miles from the point of starting. It will
be a grand object lesson to the populous
interior of Germany and nothing !ess than
a grand excursion for the "Jackies," moat
of whom have never seen the places
enumerated, Including "Fair Blngen on
the Rhine."
The British battleship Goliath had a
successful final trial several months ago,
but Is still detained at Sheerness. De
fects In the machinery have developed
since the trial and her detention is simply
a question of the time required to' make
the ship serviceable.
Engineer officers In the navy of Brazil
are educated at the naval school along
with those •who Intend to become line of
ficers. During the fourth year's course,
however, they have special studies, after
which they pass two years at work in the
shops in Rio dockyard. When reaching
A sailor institute ha* been planned at
Chatham's dockyard, for the building of
which the Admiralty had set aside $25,000
and the work will soon bo started.
Engineering of London states that an
other naval annual is forthcoming and
that it v»ill be of the pocketbook order.
This class of literature threatens to be
come as prolific and dreary as the ordi
nary almanacs and travelers' guides.
In the Japanese battleship Asahi every
single compartment below water is fitted
with an escape, the sliding door to which
is operated by a counterweight on top.
The Argentine Republic •will expend J6,
246,140 during the coming fiscal year in
the maintenance of her navy. In addi
tion $5,662.63) Is appropriated for new war
vessels and I32.1C0 for a transport.
¦ The Russian coast-defense ship Admiral
Aproxlne. which on her Initial cruise went
ashore on an island on the coast of Swe
den, was finally floated April 26. The ship
stranded on November 12 last year and
her hull was greatly damaged.
The Vickers 12-inch wire-wound rifle re
cently fired two rounds in 51 seconds.
NEWS OF NAVIES.
the grade of sub-enjflneer they ar« sent
abroad for three years to study foreign
methods. The terra engineer, aa applied
to this class of officers, axe the deshrners
of vessels, machinery and all mechanical
appliances and constitute the construc
tor's corps of the navy.
STREET railway magnates in New York
City have by reason of the consolidation qf va
rious lines under one control put into operation
in that city the transfer system which has so long
prevailed in San Francisco, and the result has filled
them with amazement and delight. The transfer 15
making them rich beyond their highest hopes. It has
increased the business of all the lines and. added im
mensely to the profit.
Mr. Vrccland of the Metropolitan Company re
cently submitted what the New York Commercial Ad
vertiser calls "a plain statistical account of the miracle
that the transfer has wrought in the financial condi
tion" of the lines under the control of the company,
and our contemporary says "it reads like a veritable
fairy tale."
The statement of Vreehnd amounts to this: "There
is no line of thoroughfare road brought by a lease
under Metropolitan control the gross earnings of
which are not to-day more than twice as great as they
were the year before we took control, or which, after
all the expenses of the lease and all taxes have been
paid, does not earn for our stockholders several times
as much money as it had ever earned for its owners.
The Sixth-avenue line will earn for the current year
$1,600,000. as against $718,898 which it earned as a
separate line prior to 'the lease. The Eighth-avenue
will earn $1,600,000, as against $;.J4.S6o. The Fourth
avenue will earn $2,100,000. ns against $845,919. Ths
Second-avenue will tarn $1,450,000, as against $700,
023. We arc paying to the stockholders of the Twenty
third street line a fixed rental of $iS6,5OO, or 18 per
cent on its capital stock. And yet, when we have paid
this rental, have discharged the interest on its funded
debt, and have paid its taxes, no less a sum than $300^
000 comes into the treasury of the Metropolitan as net
Upon such a showing there was but one thing for
the Metropolitan Company to do, and of course it
was done; the company voted unanimously to in
crease the capital stock by $7,000,000. It was a case
of immediately realizing the fairy tale.- Truly the
magic of the transfer is great.
Commander Tilley was greeted by the Samoans
with the title/'Your Susuga" and the President was
referred to as "His Afioga." These titles will prob
ably be adopted into the language of the streets and
be a part of the slang of the year, for they have .v
catchy sound and suggestivencss. It will be just as
easy to say "how is your susuga?" as to say "how is
your royal nibs?" .and, besides, it will have novelty
about it instead of being a chestnut, so we may as
well expect. it '
The plan of the local Democracy to ignore the rank
and file of the party in convention affairs has one se
rious defect It can't control disgusted Democrats
at the polls. ,
STREETCAR TRANSFERS
The result of the agitation was a disclosure that
among the largest stockholders in the ice trust are
some of the most eminent of the Tammany chiefs. In
the list are these:
Mayor Robert A. Van V.'yck, common
ami preferred stock. 40^0 shares $400,000
Augustus Van Wyck. his brother, defeat
ed for Governor of the State In the fall
of 1838, 4000 Pharrs .• - . 400 000
John F. Carroll. Richard Croker's vico
rep-ent, 5000 shares 500,000
President J. SerReant Cram, Dock De
partment, 500 shares 50,000
Treasurer C. F. Murphy, Dock Depart
ment, 500 fhares &0.000
Supreme Court Justice James Fitzgerald,
500 shares 50,000
Sessions Judge Martin T. AicMahon, 500
shares 50 .OO*!
Sessions Judge Joseph E. Newberger, 500
shares 50,000
Total. 15.500 shares .$1,550,030
Just how these Tammany leaders obtained so much
stock in, the ice trust docs not appear. Perhaps they
paid for it, perhaps they worked for it, perhaps they
pulled wires for it. That, however, is a minor matter.
The significant feature of the affair is that the very
men who as politicians have been urging Bryan to
drop free silver and make his campaign a fight against
the trusts have been all along partners with the trusts.
The people can readily understand how much of sin
cerity there is in an anti-trust movement engineered
by such a combination. It is to be borne in mind,
moreover, that had not the ice trust by its own greed
and extortion roused the people to resentment, and
thus brought about the exposure of the combine, the
connection of the Tammany men with it might never
have been known, and we should have heard them all
through the campaign shouting the Bryan cry,
"Down with the trusts!" ;:^v;-3gjjHR
New York city in the summer time swelters in heat.
Ice there is almost as essential to life as water; the de
mand for it comes from the poor as well as the rich.
Taking advantage of the new system of doing busi
ness, by means of trusts, a syndicate obtained control
of the ice supply of the city and a short time ago an
nounced a price for ice so high as to amount to some
thing like public plunder. The scheme aroused the
indignation of the people. The press almost unani
mously denounced the combination and the avaricious
and extortionate manner in which it proposed to use
its power, and the Bryanites of the city, knowing -that
anti-trust is to 1 be one of the battle cries of the cam
paign, opened up at once and began clamoring for
the suppression of the ice ring.
BRYAN is out of luck. With much toil and
tinkering he has managed to fix up an anti
trust plank in his platform, on which Tam
many promised to stand and support him. It was a
v:ctor>|for him of no small dimensions, and gave him
relief from the plotting and planning of the New
York braves to take his scalp, or try for it at the
national convention. Just as everything was fixed
up, however, and Tammany was getting ready to
decorate its chiefs in anti-trust feathers, comes an ex
posure which shows those very chiefs engaged in one
01 the worst trusts on record.
TAMMANY AND" THE TRUSTS
THE READJUSTMENT IN TRADE.
ACCOKDIXG to the statistics of Dun's Mercan
tile Agency the great commercial boom of
1S98-99 culminated at the close of the latter
year. That is. pig iron touched its highest price Xo
.vember 29; wool, December 1; hides, December 13;
leather and iron products, January 10; boots ami
shoes, January 24; woolen goods, February 21, and
cotton goods Mcrch 21. Since these dates there has
been a steady decline in the demand for these staples,
accompanied by a corresponding: decline in prices.
P-ut as far as the aggregate business of the country
is concerned the boom ended with the close of the
year, and it became apparent early in January that the
new year was lagging behind 1S99 at the very start.
Happily the descent has been so gradual that until
lately it has not been noticed. No large failures have
- resulted, for the coilap^e of Price, McCormick & Co.
last week was due entirely to bullheaded obstinacy in
sticking to the long side of a short cotton market,
and not to any intrinsic condition in the general busi
refs situation. The unusual abundance of money has
prevented any financial stringency, and the readjust
ment has therefore been natural and smooth. «•
The decline in prices continued last week, and the
lassitude in the demand for goods was marked. All
lines of merchandise j-hared the inactivity except sev
eral staple groceries, such as sugar and coffee, both
o^ which were higher. But provisions were very dull!
Iron nnd steel, boots and shoes, hides and leather,
wool and woolen goods, cotton and its products, lum
ber, raw silk. Manila hemp, petroleum and dozens of
minor staples were reported quieter and generally
lower. It is leaking out that in some prominent lines,
notably iron and leather, manufacturers have been
quietly selling; below ostensible quotations for some
time, with the view to prevent a marked break in
prices. The same thing has been going on in this
market. There is wisdom in the plan, for it lets the
market down easily.
Speculation in Wall street continues wholly in the
har.ds of the professionals, for the public still hofd
off. The silly stories of bubonic plague in Sin Fran
cisco led to some felling of American securities by
London, but when they were found to be baseless t!*u?
selling at once ceased.
The feature of the week here was the damage to
trade done by the scare rumors bruited about to-.vn re
garding the bubonic plague. How much injury was
inflicted on our local markets by this folly will never
be known, but that it was serious every wholesale
merchant in the city knows. Sometimes a doctor
produces more, sickness, real or imaginary, than he
cures especially if he be placed in a position to do it;
and when he puts hi* thumb on the pulse of tradi
he is monkeying with something that he docs net un
derstand and which he had better leave alone.
Throughout the State the outlook is good. Crou
prospects continue excellent and the fruit and g™in
¦harvest? r.rc now nnder way. There will be enough of
evejything and a glut in nothing except chenp hay.
from presort indications. Prices for fruit arc thus far
good r.nd bid fair to continue so. Quotations for
grain, however, arc not as satisfactory. Labor is just
scarce enough to give the farm laborer an advance
over the fe*- previous y-3rs without seriously inconi
•modirjg the hv it grower, and there is no reason why
there should be an idle man in the whole State. There
may not be work enough for all in the city, but there
is plenty of it in the orchards and grain fields.
Opc Nome will probably be the most attractive
seaside resort of the summer, and there will be no
complaint of a lack of men. It may not be so stylish
as some other places, but it will have much more fun
and will not need a sea serpant to draw a crowd.
Richard Croker, from the safe distance of London,
predicts the election 0/ Bryan; but when he gets to
New York and some one challenges him to bet on it
h<" will <]i::t predicting.
Another young mm has been awarded the privilege
of studying the racecourse from the vantage ground
of San Qucr.tir.. Forger Grzmmel has been sen
tenced to serve eight years in the penitentiary.
P TO this time the aristocracy of birth and the aristoc
% fl racy of money have divided the world between them.
/ B We stand, in a manner, at the parting of the ways,
ff I The aristocracy of birth ha3 lost its hold all over the j
M world," and is losing it still more.
There remains but one absolute monarch in Chris
tian Europe, the Emperor of Russia. There remains
but one hereditary governing body, the English House of Lords,
and that haa had such inroads upon its membership that it fur
nishes to-day rather a proof of the decline of the aristocracy
of the grandfather than of its permanent perpetuation. ;
The hereditary aristocracy has this immense gain, that it (
is straightforward in its pretensions and claims to be nothing j
but what it is I have often wished that I cculd see in the aris
tocracy of the dollar in America that absolutely simple self
respect which you. notice In the men of England who know that
they are born to a high position and do not need to assert it.
Take, for instance, the question of coats of arms. I lived
In Newport twelve years, and in watching the parade of car
riages, many of which were decorated with coats of arms, how
often ¦ I have wished that the owners of lho3e carriages would
show a sincere pride In the one thing that was creditable to
them— namely, that they had laid the foundations of their own
fortunes and were willing to show it before the world.
How I wished that some man who had made a creditable
fortune out of shoes or out of hides would show it by doing
ciedit to the respectable animals which had laid the founda
tion of his fortune by putting a heifer or a bullock upon the
doors of his carriage! Why could not they imitate Bishop
\Yill<?gis, who, having been brought up a wheelwright, and be
lntr it last made a Bishop, ana being entitled to a coat of
arms when he went out to take possession of hlB picturesque
r.alace found that the little boys of the neighborhood had been
chalking wheels all over the doors and the walls of the castle?
He was a man of sense. He put a wheel upon his coat of arms
arid the little boys lost their fun and the price of chalk went
In Frankfort, over the doors of the house where the great
German poet. Goethe, was reared, you see the coat of arms of
his father. He was bred to the manufacture of horseshoes.
He put a horseshoe above his door as his crest — three horse
shoes but the artist, bring a poetic man and wishing it to ap
pear to the utmost advantage, wove those horseshoes into such
a shape that they resembled the musician's lyre, and uncon
sciously predicted that within those walls the greatest poet of
Germany was to be born. •
I can remember when there was but one man in the neigh
borhood of Boston who was even suspected of being a million
aire. I used to hear It discussed in my boyhood, "Do you sup-
pose that he has really got a million dollars V But what Is a
million dollars now, in these days of multi-millionaires? Re
spectable poverty.
You remember that gentleman of distinguished family who
died a few years ago and did not distribute his estate accord
ing to the liking of the community. You remember that he left
one or two of his sons $20,000,000 apiece and other sons $10,000,000,
and there was not a daughter of the family, I think, who had
more than $10,000,000 to her name. When the newspapers kindly
took it up there was not a starving country editor who did not
air h'.s indignation over those wronged and deceived ladies.
We thought of taking up subscriptions in the Sunday schools
for their benefit.
Not many years ago a gentleman of great wealth felt
that he was overtaxed in Boston. 1 never knew a gentleman
of great wealth who did not think he was overtaxed, though I
have known assessors who did not think so. He went back to
the country town where he had lived, where his father was a
quiet country clergyman, who paid a tax perhaps of $13 or $20
a year.
When he j?ot back there the selectmen and assessors of the
town naturally were somewhat startled at the sudden splashing
down into that quiet little rural lake of this gorgeous gold and
silver fish, and they, at his suggestion, had a conference with
him as to how much he would like to pay taxes on.
He said: -"Whenever bills against the town come in you
send them to me. I will settle them for a year, and we win s*«
how it works." He paid every bill afrainst the town that year
out of his own Income and saved $20,000 by the operation.
The aristocracy of the dollar appeals to the democratic
filing which lies at the bottom of all our opinions. My old
friend. Theodore Parker, when he first went to Cincinnati half
a centurv ago. said: "Cincinnati is the most interesting placa
in America. It has an American aristocracy in the making."
We asked for particulars, and he said: "Why. in Cincinnati
all honorable accumulations are based essentially on the porlc
business, but It makes a vast difference who fcllla the pigs.
Cincinnati's society Ifl divided between those who personally
kill pigs and those whose fathers only did it. and these may
be defined as the 'stickems" and the 'stuckems.' "
The aristocracy of the dollar Is modern. It belong3 to
peaceful, organized life. If we once go Into the imperial Dusi
ness I will not predict what the result may be.
A friend of mine, once seeing a little boy at the theater who
came there night after night and who always went sound
asleep, said to him: "Why do you always come here, my boy?
You don't seem to enjoy It very much. You always go to
sleep." "Oh." said the little boy, as he rubbed his eyes, "you
don't know how it Is. I have to come. I hava got a season
Alas for wealth. I sometimes think, which has a season,
ticket for everything and does not get quite the full enjoyment
out of anything!
By Thomas Wentworth hjigginson.
THE ARISTOCRACY OF THE DOLLAR.
»
(An Address Delivered at the Annual Meeting of the Savings Bank Association.)
Then why blame the actor for It?
In a certain very celebrated case involv
ing the right— from the standpoint of mo
ral decency— for a play to be given in
New York, Justice Fursman recently
handed down a decision, in which he said:
"Some minds are so sensitive as to be
shocked by the undraped statue of the
Venus de Milo, and regard the story of
the merciful journey of the Lady Godlva
as a shamefully indecent tale, while oth
ers find little to condemn In the lewd con
versation and lascivious conduct of th«
men and women whose livea are given
over to debauchery and vice. The play
ls not to be condemned because it may
shock the sensitiveness of the former nor
approved because It may gratify the lat
ter."
And so you see that all men do not
hold the same idea of any one play or
book or painting, or anything of an artia
tlc nature, even though certain set rules
are put for their guidance. Everything
in the world must depend on the point of
view.
Which brings us right down to th« In
efflcacy of what has been suggested for
this country— a stage censor. What in
the world good would the man. do?
He would only give a one-tnan idea, be
cause he could only see It from one point.
He might be right, or he might be wrong.
And it would be a tosa up of a penny
either way. If the Amwican stage is to
go to the dogs at a tremendous rate of
speed unless something radical is done
and done at once, have a whole college of
stage censors — a hundred, two hundred If
necessary.
W© certainly can't leave It to the audi
ences, because nowadays the average
jtefllence 13 not a safe criterion. It will
be a'pt ,to go into ecstacies over the nasty
play ami* *o pass by the sweet-smelling
idyll that preaches hi goodness and light.
And If we can't trust th»» American
drama to a stage censor, t? the actor, to
the playwright, or to the audience, what
1p the world are we going to do about it?
x suppose the only way out of it will
be to Import plays from the French and
the German.
It would be rather an heroic measure,
wouldn't it?
sometimes he sees the moral and some
times he doesn't. And that Is why critics
disagree quite as much as doctors. Their
rules of criticism are oftentimes affected
by the disease known as "a rush of de
cency of the heart." and they go off Into
diatribes that ' besmirch the actor or
actress, do dramatic criticism not the
least bit of good and help swell the re
ceipts of the box office.
Which brings us to another point of
view. Is the playwright wrong in build
ing a "nasty" play? Is the public wrong
in coming to see that play? And if both
are wrong or both right, what are we go
ing to do about It?
If the little Irish woman who keeps a
fruit stand at the corner of the street
finds that the small boys of the neighbor
hood like apples better than pears she
usually gets double the stock of apples
and cuts down on the other fruit. Of
course she could go about it in the other
way and lay In twice as many pears as
apples and when the fruit rotted because
she couldn't sell it and she couldn't pay
her rent because she didn't have the
money, people would say. "It's nobody's
foult but her's. Why didn't she keep
what people wanted?"
Now, your playwright is the old apple
woman. If he has some nice, clean pears
and he finds tb«^> tart apple sells twice
as fast he is 4<n9Sr in for apples. He's
only giving the^Jiple what they want.
Now, let's come to tfcAjfl good, dear peo
ple. They want the 'iT»?ty things*— or a
considerable portion of th«i»..do — else they
would not crowd the theat'£-r*1«|fi-hen they
know the nasty play has conie^n town.
All of us, more or less, like a shocJS^We
get in a rut of emotions once In a wTii!*
and anything which takes us out of it
seems to give a certain amount of pleas
ure. If the shock comes to our morals
all the worse for the morals, but why in
the mischief we blame the shock I can't
quite make out. It's not necessary for
us to take it if we don't want it. It isn't
obligatory on us to see the nasty play
any more than we are compelled to drink
five hundred glasses of whisky a day; but
the public goes to see the nasty play
merely because it wants to see nastiness.
And that's the public's affair and it isn't
the actor's.
By Mat C. Goodwin.
MONDAY MAY 28, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communica bns to W. S. LEAKS, M«n.£er.
PCIILICATIOX ORKICE. .Market ««d Third. S. F.
Telephone Slain 1SU3.
EDITORIAL BOOMS.... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Tcleylioue Main 1!<74.
Delivered l»y Carriers. 15 Cen«« Per Weelc
Single Coplen. R Centa.
Term* by Mail. Including Po«tocei
X>All.Y CJlLI, <inclu<li»r Sunday), one year $6.00
PA1LT CALL (lnr-hidinc Eun£a.y). « months SOO
¦fAlLY CALL (Indurtlcr Snr.dar). J month* 1.-0
PAILT CALL— By fclr.c'.e Month «e
PINDAT CALL One Tear * M
VEEKLT CALL One Tear 10 °
All iraitiiiaiteri art- authorized to receive
subscription*.
B&mrle ccp!e« will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFI'ICE 11 IS Droadway
C GEORGE KROGNES3.
l>1tn»2 er Feraori Advertising, Varquet'e Bui'dirg, ChiC3£p.
(Lent; Distance TetophMM ••Central 2613.")
JCETV TOItK OOKRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON... Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3: Tribune Biding
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Efcenunn House: I». O. New» Co.; Urtat Northern Hotel;
¦pr*— -i.t Hcuse; Auditorium Hotel.
¦NT""^ TORK NEWS STANDS:
TTtJ a orf- Astoria RoteJ; A. BrenU.no, 21 Union Square;
J£crTsy HIiJ HoteL
WASHINGTON (0. C.\ OFFICE Wellington Hoto
MORTON L. CRANE, Correspond 3 r.t.
BS ATrH OFFin*? — rrr Ikntfcm^ry. corner of Clay, open
ur.tl! 9:30 o'c!'.ck. SCO Have*. np«»n until S JO o'clock. G3
¦McAllister, o^-en ur.tij S:SO o'clock. O5 Larkln. op*"n \ir.tll
8:20 o'clock. IS'S "Miyeioii. cper. until 10 o'clock. 2161 Market,
comer Sixteciiiit. rp^n until S o'clock. ltt»€ Valencia, open
until 6 ocIjck. !% Eleventh, cpen ur.t'l 9 o'clock. Kff cor
ner Twenty-e.vcr.U tr.J Kentucky, cprn until t o'clock
The modification of the treaty with China so as to
permit the Chinese exclusion act furnishes a prece
dent for action in this case, and it is probable the
authorities at Washington will take steps to that end.
The people, however, should not rely too much upon
Washington. The issue is urgent, and the demand for
a Japanese exclusion act should be persistently urged
by the press and the labor organizations of the coun
try. . Only by insisting upon prompt action can the
people be sure that action will not be delayed until the
Pacific Coast swarms with Japanese laborers.
The remedy for the evil is that which The Call
pointed out at the time it first gave warning of the
danger. Our treaties with Japan must be so modified
as to admit of a Japanese exclusion act similar to that
by which Chinese are excluded. Senator Perkins in
dorses that view of the case and says: "I am informed
and I believe reliably so that the Japanese Govern
ment is opposed to the emigration of its subjects. If
such is the case, it is possible that the Government
would be willing to unite with ours in a modification
of the treaty of 1894."
Concerning the difficulty of preventing the emigra
tion of Japanese to this country through the aid of
the companies, Senator Perkins points out that the
courts have so interpreted the alien contract labor law
ar. to require that evidence of a contract having been
made abroad must be produced in court in order to
bar an immigrant suspected of being a contract la
borer. He adds: "Under existing law and decisions
based upon it it is difficult to reject those coming in
violation of the alien contract labor law, and as the
Japanese occupy the same position in the eye of the
law as citizens and -subjects of the most favored na
tion they cannot be rejected unless it is shown upon
special inquiry that they belong to one or the other
of the excluded classes."
It is stated that since the Japanese Government re
quires that a subject applying for a passport shall
provide two sureties that the applicant will not be
come a public charge or fall into distress within three
years, there have been organized in Japan something
like twelve emigration companies, each of which un
dertakes to furnish the sureties for emigrants sent out
under its charge. The companies have agents in
various parts of Japan to obtain emigrants, and good
reasons exist for believing they have agents in this
country to place the laborers after they arrive. It is
true that when Mr. Rice, an ex-Commissioner of Im
migration at Vancouver, B. C, was in Japan investi
gating the subject he was informed by one of the com
panies that it had no emigration agents in the
United States or Canada, but the statement was evi
dently incorrect, for Mr. Rice found in the Official
Gazette, published by the Japanese Government, a
notice that permission had been given by the im
perial Government to a certain Masataro Mito to act
as agent for that very company at Victoria.
I JAPANESE IMMIGRATION.
BY the letter published in The Call Saturday from
Senator Perkins to Secretary Rosenberg of the
Labor Council of this city ample evidence is
accorded to justify the warning given by The Call
some time ago of the dangerous increase of Japanese
immigration. The Senator's letter quotes largely
from official reports and shows that companies in
Japan are organized to promote the migration of la
borers to the United States, and that most of those
who come are of the ignorant class and are virtually
contract laborers.
MORALITY OP THE STAGE
AND OF THE AUDIENCE
THE morality of the stage is a rather
ticklish subject for discussion or dis
course. In all climes, In ¦ all coun
tries, and on all stages, there have
been exploited more or less decency or
indecency— it depends altogether on the
point of view— and so the only real, vital
question is, does the playwright take a
view of morality that is in accord with
the view held by his audience, or doesn't
he?
Now right here Is where the critic of the
drama steps in. The critic has his rules,
his tenets of dramatic criticism, and
these he follows. Of course there is one
mode of criticism for a farce, one for a
burlesque, one for comic opera, another
for serious drama. He knows, for In
stance, that in a four-act play the great,
the tremendous climax must come at the
end of the third act. else the method of
construction is all wrong. He knows that
every character must have a reason for
entrance and a reason for exit. He must
know what is logical and what is not. He
must know of the unity of time, the unity
of place, the esthetic side and the moral
side of the drama.
And it Is this last point on which the
critic has most to bother him nowadays.
1 ,T X us take tnls Point up first. We are
told through the public prints that this,
tnat and the other play Is nasty in Its
theme and in its treatment and that it
is not fit to be seen by the average thea
ter-goer, much less by the Young Person.
Then immediately comes the wee, small
voice of the actor or actress who is ap
pearing in the play and says to the carp
ing critic and the legion of his readers:
"Go to. Can't you see the moral under
lying all this? Do you think that I care
to play this, that or the other character
because the taint of the moral is over it
all? I do this for my art. I do it to edu
cate the public. I do it for the good of
morals and to show the community that
underneath all this filth and all this in
decency there is a great, tremendous
moral lesson to be learned."
Now, the critic is an analytic soul, and
Such is a partial record of the prosperity which has
come to the people as a result of the defeat of Bryan
four years ago. The best argument for Republican
ism is the condition of the country to-day as com
pared with what it was in 1896. That argument ap
peals to every industrious citizen and will undoubt
edly counterbalance all that may be said by the agi
tators of calamity.
So remarkable has been the change from the panic
years of Cleveland to the prosperous years of Mc-
Kinley that a simple statement of it sounds like a
fairy tale. Ray Stannard Baker, who has recently
compiled an interesting volume on the industrial and
commercial statistics of the past year, says: <"\Veb
e:ci defines romance as a series of extraordinary
events; the year 1S99 may well be termed romantic.
The facts and figures set forth in the statistical re
ports of the Government, of banks and clearing
houses and of the trades have been so remarkable a*
to draw superlatives even from the columns of trade
journals and the financial departments of the news
papers."
In 189S for the first time the total domestic exports
of the United States exceeded those of Great Britain,
and in the following year the foreign business of the
country amounted to more than $2,000,000,000, and
the profits — that is, the excess of exports over im
ports — were more than $476,000,000. In other words,
as Mr. Baker says, "The United States in 1899 fed,
clothed and sheltered her people in comfort and even
in luxury, providing them with great quantities of
foreign as well as domestic goods, and sold her sur
plus abroad at the rate of $1,500,000 in cash for every
working day."
In all lines of industry and business the benefits of
the election of McKinley and the establishment of
the Republican policies of protection and sound
money have been manifest. In the five years from
1S94 to 1899 the bank clearings more than doubled in
amount. The stock of gold in the United States in
creased from $693,000,000 on January 1, 1897, to more
than ? 1. 01 6,000,000 on January 1, 1900. In 1806- the
number of commercial failures was 15,08s, with total
liabilities of $226,096,000. while in 1809 they numbered
but 9337. with liabilities of $90,879,889. In 1893 no
fewer than seventy-four railway companies, represent
ing the sum of $1.781. 000.000 in stocks and bonds,
went into the hands of receivers: but in 1899 only ten
roads failed, and these represented in stocks and
bonds hardly more than $50,000,000.
It is in the statistics of the savings banks, how
ever, that the story of prosperity is best told, for the
savings banks represent the welfare of labor and show
the savings of industry and thrift. Of these Mr.
Baker says: "On June 30, 1809. there were over
5.200,000 depositors in the savings banks of the
United States, compared with 4,800.000 in 1894. And
each of these depositors had more money to his ac
count than ever before, the average amount on de
posit rising from $369 for each person in 1894 to $419
in 1809. The deposits in all banks, national and
state as well as savings, representing upward of 13,-
000,000 depositors, actually doubled in ten years,
amounting in 1899 to the enormous sum of $7,514.
000.000. Of this great sum the savings banks and the
state banks, the depositories of the common people,
held nearly one-half, leaving the national banks and
trust companies the other half. And it must be re
membered that the savings banks show only a part
of the savings of the people; there arc the building
r.nd loan associations, the benefit life insurance com
panies and the stockings at home."
WHEN the Presidential campaign is at its height
the contest will be waged mainly upon one or
j two issues, and to them most of the oratory
of the spellbinders will be devoted; but it is probable
the determining factor in the struggle will be the
popular recognition of the abounding prosperity we
now enjoy under Republican legislation. The con
trast between the conditions of the people now and
those which prevailed four years ago constitutes so
strong an argument in favor of the administration it
is hardly likely the people will consent to make an
other trial of government by the party of hard times
and depression.
OUR.NEW PROSPERITY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 28, 1900.
James G. Burke, a laborer at Buckman's
camp. Fourteenth and Guerrero streets,
had an extensive lacerated wound on his
lips and face switched and dressed at the.
Receiving Hospital yesterday morning.
He said he was walking on Montgomery
street about 11 o'clock * Saturday night,
when two men approached him at Clay
otreet and knocked him down and kicked
him on the face. He says* his assailants
robbed him of $14 and left him uncon
scious on the sidewalk. He reported the
robbery to the police. . .
It now appears that our national pavilion at Paris,
which is so attractive outside, is barc'as a barn within,
and the management, it is said, intends to put in a
number of pot plants and gay carpets to brighten it
up. It would have been better to have made use of
the building to show what Americans can do in the
way of interior decoration, but since the opportunity
has been lost the next best thing will be to send over
a number of officers from the staff of various Govern
ors and put them on daily parade by way of orna
ment. They would be more variegated than plants
and more animated than carpets.
4
50c and 1 1. 00. all drevgtats.
SCOTT & BOWNE, CheaUu, New Yariu
children growing nicely ?
Stronger each month? A
trirle heavier? Or is one of
them growing the other
way 1, Growing weaker,
growing thinner, growing
paler? If so, you should try
It's both food and medicine.
It corrects disease. It makes
delicate children grow in
the right way — taller,
stronger, heavier, healthier.
ADVEETISEMENTS
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Just received: A lot of strikingly "up-to-
date" designs in tally cards, menu cards,
place cards, dance and home entertain-
ment proerrams. We engrave and print
visiting cards, wedding invitations and
announcements. Ask to see our "Mar-
shall" Fountain Pens for one dollar. San-
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
¦ ? ¦
Rudyard Kipling's mother's copy of
"Schoolboy Lyrics" was sold lately in.
London for $2ft»: her "Echoes, by Two
Writers." for $92. and "Departmental Dit-
ties" for $40. Another copy of "Schoolboy
Lyrics" brought $151
Republican Delegates Choose Their
Route.
The California delegates to the Republican
National Convention at Philadelphia have an-
nounced as the official route the Central Pa-
cific. Union Pacific and Chicago and North-
western railways, and will leave San Fran-
cisco June II at 10 a. m. on the "Overland
Limited." the 69^-hour flyer to Chicago. The
round-trip rate of $S3 50 is open to all. D. W«
Hitchcock. General Arent. Union Pacific. 1
Montgomery »treet. San Francisco.
¦ ? ¦
There is a hospital for trees on the
banks of the Seine In Paris. Trees which
grro W weak along the boulevards are
taken there to recover.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib atTownsend's.*
AMUSEMENTS.
On beum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— '"When We \Wr»> Twenty-one."
<"al;fii2-nl«— "I^jrd Chujn'ey."
Ti\fii— "The Three GuanirTnen."
Grand O;.*ra.-li.iuse— "H»2."
Alcazar— "A gujx-rfluou? H;j«ban<!.**
Oljrmpia, curni-t Maaoa ai:d Kddy ttreets— Specialties.
<T.utes. Z^o an<J Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•ven;n£r.
Fischer's "L'jria" and "Ilug-uenots."
]:..,:¦ Company Concert Hall— Vaudeville.
Satro Raths— O;->en r.iirhis.
AUCTION SALES.
"By Win. G. I^aync-Monday. May ZS, at 11 o'clock. Horses,
*t 7-1 Howard street.
By F. Wa:kl ne— Mcn<3a>\ Hay 2S. at 1:30 o'clock. Horses, at
Twelfth anl Harrison ttr>»«.ts.
By rmil Cohn— This day. at 11 o'clock a. m., at 2"lCn Sutter
etreci. turnishings.
By M. i!rircuse— Oa Tuesday, at 10:30 a. m., at 1413 OaryThe affairs of ¦. the , Colonial Office are
managed at an annual cost to the coun
try of over £40,000. Mr. Chamberlain's
salary as Secretary Is £5000. ,
The Swedish colony of this city and Oak
land was well represented and an enjoy
able time was had by all. In addition to
the dancing there were quite a number
of races for old and young on the park
race track. The merry-making was kept
up until the departure of the last train
from that part of the country. The affair
was managed by the following committee
men: ¦HflHBB* l l|Rl!' 'I ' uDUAtthiV
• O. F. Swanson. Fred.- Nelson. Oscar
Forsbprg, (V Person. Alex. Olson. J.
Turnblad. Victor Sjosren.- Auk. Lund. H.
P. Forsberg, Anton Carlson. Victor Lund
ahl; Alfred Shill. John Peterson, and
Charles Armstrong.
The twenty-sixth annual day and moon
light outlnc of the Swedish Society was
held yesterday at Shell Mound Park.
Swedish Society's Outing.
"Lord Chumlcy" was presented by tha
Neill company at the California Theater
last night. The play is one of the best
that Mr. Neill has presented here. The
title* role Is taken by Mr. Neill. and he
plays the self-sacrificing lord with such a
clever effect that one Is in sympathy with
him throughout. The plot deals with a
young lord who suffers poverty to save a
friend from disgrace, and In the second
act where he is found in humble lodgings,
it Is very funny. In the third act every
thing is set right and he wins the girl of
his choice. Benjamin Howard has the
thankless task of assuming the role of
the typical villain, who stops at nothing
to win the girl he loves. George Bloom
quest has a small part as the stoker on a
train. He only appears in the second act.
but makes a whole lot of his part. Edythe
Chapman plays the part of a daughter of
a merchant who loves Lord CtiVmley with
grace and earnestness. The - rest of th©
cast are good.
The Orpheum has an exceptionally
strong bill this week, and last night stand-
Ing room was -at a premium. The star at
traction this week is Miss Lillian Burk
hart In a clever sketch entitled "A Deal
on Change." She is supported by a clever
company. The plot of the play deals with
a young man in love, who is also afflicted
with a mania for dabbling in stocks. He
is In bad luck and 'goes broke. His fiancee
at the right moment is there with the
bank roll and saves him. Miss Burkhart
carries off the honors in the sketch, and
renewed x her popularity as a favorite at
the Orpheum. She is one of the cleverest
vaudeville actresses that ever visited this
coast. Her support is good and well bal
anced. Sager and Carlis, in a comedy.
"After. School." present something both
good and popular. Ezra Kendall is still
at the house for one more week. He does
not grow stale, but has a lot of new stuff
that keeps the audience in a continual
roar of laughter. The Wilson family and
their clever little children get rounds of
applause for their cakewalk. Bartho. the
Parisian dancer, Louise Gunning and the
biograph complete the bill.
AT THE THEATERS.
One Arrest Hade for Fast Driving.
Results of Swimming Events
at Sutro Baths.
There was a rather small attendance
yesterday at the park and beach, though
the day was pleasant. Late In the after
noon quite a strong wind came up and on
that account only a small number of ve
hicles went as Tar as the Cliff. There
was music by the Park Band and the
benches and surrounding grassy slopes
were well filled by pleasure-seekers who
keenly enjoyed the musical selections.
Captain Thompson said that the crowd
was exceedingly well behaved and but
one arrest was made during the day.
Junvcs E. Lenr.on, who was driving In a
single buggy with James McIIugh. made
himself objectionable by nearly colliding
with several teams. He wound affairs up
by tearing down the main road at a
breakneck speed. He narrowly missed
three" or four buggies and Officer Kava
nagh chased him and finally rounded him
up at the last turn of the beach. Len
non was turned over to Officer Hamill.
who took him to the park station and
placed two charges against him for fa3£
driving.
Sutro Baths were well patronized and
the aquatic sports excited great interest.
The results are:
Fifty-yard dash, juvenile: First, J. An
derson; second, W. Grennan. Special
fifty-yard race between F. A. Walse and
R. Riding was a tie and will be decided
next Sunday. Tub race— First. K. Wells:
second. J. Lewis; third. F. Rankin. High
dlvins— First. J. Ritter; second. J. An
derson. Spring-board diving— First. R.
Irving; second. F. Carroll. Swimming
contest under water— First. J. Johnson;
second. L. Flnney.
The Chutes had a large crowd. The
new miniature railway came In for a big
share of patronage.
SMALL ATTENDANCE AT
THE PARK AND BEACH
If you have a camera, of course you will
trke it with you on your vacation. Wo
want to sell you the films and supplies
and we would like to develop and mount
your pictures. If you haven't a camera
we want to sell you one. "We have a full
line of Eastman and Montauk cameras
from $1 0i) to 513 00 each. Sanborn. Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. •
California presented herself for State
hood in December. 1S49. She had a popu
lation In excess of the requirement. Most
of it was from the Northern States; some
came from Europe, much from the South
ern State3. The conditions were such as
Imperatively demanded a settled govern
ment. President Taylor, the leading hero
of the war, was thoroughly conversant
The Situation in 1850.
A large number of the members of the
party solemnly pledged themselves to
vote for no man who-was not a declared
opponent to the introduction of slavery
into the Territories. True to this pledge,
the Whigs of the Western Reserve In Ohio
formally repudiated the party nominee
and averred that the Whig party had been
"basely betrayed — ay, sold to the South
ern slaveholder." But they were dis
pleased likewise with the nominee of tfc'e
free-soil party. Many felt that they were
tricked and insulted by the effort to force
them to vote for a life-long Democrat
and a man of Martin Van Buren's princi
ples.
The Wilmot proviso had dealt a blow to
national politics which was ultimately to
rupture the Democratic party permanent
ly, to kill the Whig party outright and to
create (In 1S5C) a new Republican party.
But all this could not have been accom
plished without the lamentable failure of
the Whigs in party wisdom, as well as in
true statesmanship, after their second
rise to power in 184S.
There were Whig anti-slavery "bolters"
also, though in many States the party
maintained a gloomy and anxious silence.
At the same time certain newspaper sup
porters of Taylor ceased not to proclaim
that "the Whig party North is the true
anti-slavery parly of tho republic." and
that the Wilmot proviso "is now and ever
has been the doctrine of the Whigs of the
free States." Oth*>r Northern newspapers
made frequent allusions to "the Whig
principles of the Wilmot proviso."
MAP SHOWING TERRITORY ACQUIRED FROM MEXICO.
House, but. though repeatedly brought up. |
it never passed the Senate. Still the bare
suggestion was sufficient greatly to inflame
the South, while the principle embodied
in it was at tirst eagerly adopted in the
North by men of all parties.
The settlement of the status of the pur
chased territory in respect to slavery was
seen by North and South to be imperative,
and Southern Democratic leaders de
termined to oppose the principle of the
Wilmot proviso. Many Northern \\ nig
newspapers declared for it. and. while
seeking to avoid "the untempered zeal and j
fanaticism of the Liberal party." strove |
to commit the Whig to its support. Anti
slavery Whigs hoped by supporting the
Wilmot proviso in the election of 1S43 to
draw all the anti-slavery torces to a
union within the Whig party. But. as we
have seen, the Whigs were again too
timid to promulgate definite party princi
ples, and once more shirked the real issue. <
hoping to appear as the opponents of sla
very extension while placing at the head
of their ticket the name of a Louisiana
sugar planter and slave owner who shoulr
attract Southern votes.
The panacea for the national disorder pro
posed by the Democratic nominee was the !
principle of "squatter sovereignty," which
would leave the people of each territory
to decide for themselves the question of
freedom or slavery. The Whigs gained
the election through the defection of the
anti-slavery Democrats of New York, but
nothing was settled thereby and both the
abolitionists and the slavery faction grey
only the more determined.
Meantime anti-slavery sentiment had
been growing stronger in the Democratic
party as well as among the Whigs. ¦% arl
ous "Democratic county conventions held
In the North during the campaign of '43
passed resolutions demanding the support
of the Wilmot proviso. The revolt of the
New York '"barn-burners." or free-soli
Democrats, was followed by a similar par
ty defection in Illinois and Wisconsin,
while several other Northern States were
represented by Democratic delegates In
the New York Stato Convention at Utica
and in the National Convention at Buffalo,
which both nominated Van Buren as the
Free-Soil candidate for the Presidency.
Throughout the campaign the anti-slavery
Democrats protested loudly against the
opinion announced by Cass that Congress
had no constitutional power to prohibit
slavery.
litical waters ¦with the oil of compromise.
He trusted to be able in *\eal all wounds,
adjust all differences, save the Union and
unite In brotherly harirony the distrustful
factions by the mutual concessions which
he demanded from North and South. The
gist of the eight resolutions which ¦were
to effect all this was, as stated by himself,
forbearano by the North to Insist upon
the application of the Wilmot proviso to
I'tah and New Mexico; forbearance by
the South to insist upon the express In
troduction of slavery Into those Territo
rie-. The particular points were "only
the feathers to fly the arrow." California
was to be admitted as a free State: the
slave trade should be abolished in the Dis
trict of Columbia, but slavery should re
main; a stringent fugitive-slave law.
which the slaveholders hsd long demand
ed, should be enacted; ti" claim of Texas
to a large part of New Mexico should b©
quieted by a large moi^y indemnity. No
interference with the Missouri compro
mise was suggested and no application of
the doctrine of popular sovereignty was
to be made to the new Territories.
After long debate and various changes
In form the measures were finally passed.
Trp doom of the Whig party was now
seated and the great tragedy of our his
tory drew on.
* . JESSE MACY.
The sailing date of the steamer Hum
boldt has been changed. She was to have
started for Nome Wednesday, but some
alterations that are being made to insure
extra comfort for the passengers cannot
be completed In time, so the vessel will
not get away until Saturday, June 2.
The German steel bark Henny Clement
Is now out 302 days from Hamburg for
Kiaochau. China, and 90 per cent is be
ing paid by the underwriters to reinsure
hull and cargo.
The big collier .Washtcnaw arrived yes
t»rday from Tacoma with 4000 tor-s of coal.
Slie got the tail end of the storm off the
Columbia River. --, ; ,'
Tho old bark Germanla also arrived with
1500 tons of coal from Seattle. She was
eleven days coming down, but lias been
outside for forty-eight hours awaiting a
chance to come In.
The schooner Berwick returned yester
dav to port. She curried away the jaws
of her main boom in the heavy weather
outside, and had to put tock.
Water Front Notes.
The barks Alden Bessie and Mohic'an
and the schooner H. C. Wright arrived
yesterday from the islands. The Alden
Bessie brought up 20.316 sacks of sugar
and made the run from Honolulu in twen
ty-three day's. The Mohican came from
the same port In twenty-three and a half
days and brought up 20.820 sacks of sugar.
The schooner II. C. Wright came from
Hana and made the run in twenty-one
days. The voyages are fairly good ones
for this time of the year. Tlit; bark Rod
erick Dhu, now out eighteen days from
Hilo. made it last year In ten days, as did
also the brigs John D. Spreckels and Lur
line.
Sugar Boats Arrive.
The new tug Shellkoff. built by the TMs
don Iron Works for the Pacific Steam
Whaling Company, had a large party of
excursionists aboard yesterday. The com
pany placed the new beat at the disposal
of its employes, and every one of them
was present when the Shellkoff steamed
away from Mission-street wharf. All the
points of interest about the bay were vis
ited nnd the tug tested over the meas
ured mile. The machinery worked with
out a hitch. The boat logged eleven and
a half knots. The Shelikoff goes north to
act as a tender to the canneries.
An Outing on the Bay.
The Tellus brought down 3550 tons of
p, oal - • A southeaster was the last thing
Captain Pedersen expected to run into
At one time the. wind blew so hard that
the steamer only made ten miles In four
hours. The geas broke clean over the
bridge and the smokestack could not bo
seen for the driving spray. For six hours
a hurricane raged and the Tellus was in
the middle of it. Then there was a lull
£ u S tne ;v. storm came U P a sain and blew
harder than ever. The storm was heaviest
off the Columbia River. Captain Pedor
sen says a number of lumber vessel*
were in It, but all seemed to have weath
ered the gale in safety. "
H.Tf he K ? ark i l arle Molinos left Car
fcoc w e£ 2ob0 tons of ™ a l on November 1,
S9S She was caught in a terrific storm
in tho English channel and had to nut
into St. Nazaire. France, in distress. Near
ly a whole suit of sails was blown out of
the bolt ropes, the upper topsail vard was
carried away and the rudder damaged
It was November IS when tho Marie Mo
linos reached St. Nazaire, and it was Jan
uary 5, 1900, before she was ready for sea
again. Since then she Had fairly good
weather and made the voyage in 114 davs.
The steamer Queen was in the same
storm as the Tellus. but came through it
without damage. She brings down an
other big consignment cf Japanese from
Soattle, all of whom are destined for the
fruit ranches in the interior.
The passenger steamer Queen from
Puget Sound ports, the collier Tellus from
Oyster Harbor and the French bark
Marie Molinos from Cardiff all had a
hard time making San Francisco. The
Queen should have been In early yester
day morning, but did not make her dock
until 5 p. m. The Tellus was due Satur
day and only got In yesterday morning.
The .Marie Molinos was 206 days coming
from Cardiff. ,
Storm-Tossed Vessels Arrive.
Captain Ilitchfield is accompanied by
his wife and daughter Edith. The crew
of the Queen are all Marshall Islanders.
Several months ago a Japanese
schooner with a load of arms and am
munition appeared off the coast of Pon
ape. The intention was to sell or trade
the cargo to the natives, but the Ger
mans spoiled the game. A gunboat put
In an appearance and the Jap was ordered
to take his cargo elsewhere. As he still
hung around the coast he» was given
twenty-four hours to get away and if he
was not hull down on the horizon by thai
time the German captain said he would
seize both vessel and cargo. The
schooner disappeared and since then
there has been no attempt to land arms
and ammunition in the Carolines.
¦ Captain Hitchtleld. who Is in command
of the schooner, says that peace and pros
perity are settling down on the Carolines.
On the lirst of the year the group was
transferred from Spain to Germany and
now a German Governor, backed by a
cruiser and a gunboat, deals out justice.
Formerly it used to be a common thing
for the chief of one island to raid the do
main of another near at hand. All such
work has been stopped and offending
chiefs have been severely punished.
The auxiliary schooner Queen of the
Isles arrived here from the Carolines late
Saturday night after an unusually long
trip of fifty-one days. She was built
here in 1898 for a German trading firm
and after her gasoline engines were put
in she went from here to the Marshall
group. Since then she has been trading
between the Marshall and Caroline
Islands. About three months ago she
began leaking through the sleeve of the
propeller shaft and the engines got out
of order. She has therefore come here
to be overhauled.
Group Passed From. Spain to Ger
many Last January and Sea
son of Prosperity Has
Resulted.
Auxiliary Schooner Queen of
the Isles Arrives From
Carolines.
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
Return of the Sierra Excursion
Party — Resolutions Adopted on
the Special Train.
The excursion to the Sugar Pine forest
of Tuolumne County given by the officials
of the Sierra Railway Company and the
West Side Flume and Lumber Comapny
was a remarkable outing. The special
Pullman train which took the San Fran
cisco guests to Carters returned last even
ing. At Sonora and Jamestown, on the
homeward trip, the passengers were pho
tographed. The excursionists, who had
the opportunity to view the obstacles to
railway building which were overcome in
the construction of the road from Carters
Into the forest, held a meeting on the
train and adopted the following:
We. the tindPrslKnpd. guests of— the Sierra
Railway Company and the West Side Flume
and Lumber Company on the grand excursion
given on their respective road*» on May 25 and
26, 1SC0, desire to express our pleasure for the
entertainment and hospitality of our generous
hosts. As a token of the esteem In which we
hold the officials of said companies we hereby
tender the following resolutions:
Resolved. The exact information conveyed to
us by this object lesson, the magnitude of the
enterprise, the generous hospitality extended to
all. renews our faith in the undeveloped riches
of our mountain districts as cne of the many
opportunities of employing local capital.
Second — The courage and enterprise of our
hosts in pushing to a successful completion the
Sierra Railway and the West Side Flume and
Lumber Company road justifies the confidence
and hearty support of the citizens of our State.
Third — We each anil all express our hearty
good will and bes-t wishes for the complete suc
cess of these t;reat enterprises and shall never
forget -the splendid hospitality shown us.
Fourth — We desire to commend and Indorse
the skill, care and complete success of the
engineer in safely handling the . entire train
under circumstances exceedingly difficult.
Fifth— To the president, directors and officers
of said companies we convey by these resolu
tions our unqualified thanks for an instructive,
entertaining and satisfactory outing.
The resolutions were jsigned by all the
guests aboard the special train. Among
the signers are many representative men
of the State, whose capital is invested in
great business enterprises.
The officers of the Sierra Railway Com
pany are: Rrince Andre Poniatowskl,
president: Henry J. Crocker, vice presi
dent: XiYS. Bullock, general manager; S.
D. Freshman, Maurice Casey, Hall McAl
lister, W. Frank, Pierce, Samuel Sussman.
The officers of the West Side Flume and
Lumber Company are: Henry J. Crocker,
president: Wellington Gregg, vice presi
dent; Charles Gardner, secretary an-J
treasurer; William H. Crocker, T. S. Bul
lock. >
William H. Crocker, Henry J. Crocker
and T. S. Bullock also received many in
dividual acknowledgments.
REMARKABLE OUTING
IN THE MOUNTAINS
The officers on board yesterday were:
Captain N. T. James, commanding;
Lieutenant Commander T. A. Nerney.
executive officer: Lieutenant Commander
George R. Kingslmid, fleet engineer of
the reserve: W. K. Burke, navigating of
ficer; Lieutenant William Bonney, chief
engineer; Lieutenant T. F. Harloe, Lieu
tenant W. B. Morrison. Lieutenant C R.
Alberger, Dr. J. J. Morrissey, surgeon;
lieutenant Junior Grade Henry Peterson,
Lieutenant Junior Grade George Kam
morer, Dr. Lcland. passed assistant sur
geon; Ensign William Speck, assistant
engineer; Ensign James Kelly. Ensign .1.
F. Murphy and Ensign Oscar Smith. En
sign J. K. IJurke was placed In charge 01
the steam launch and was sent down to
the city ahead of the vessel.
The United States ship Marion, bright
in a new coat of paint and lively with
the tread of a hundred naval militiamen,
on her decks, tore loose from her moor
ings at Mare Island yesterday and made
her way to her old anchorage off Folsom
street wharf.
Although It was well understood she
was to start some time yesterday, still
when she did start it came as a surprise.
Her engines were getting a little pre
liminary turning over while she was still
fast to the mooring buoy and the strain
becoming too great the mooring shackle
parted and the ship was adrift in the
narrow channel. There was no confu
sion and no delay. Without hesitation
Captain James ordered full speed ahead
and the old ship commenced her voyage
an hour before it was intended, but not
before she was ready.
The guns, the old broadside smooth
bores, the converted pivot rifle and the
Parrott rifie on her forecastle have all
been taken out of lrer and her decks are
now clear and seemingly as broad as a
ballroom. Sh has been painted alow and
aloft. Inside and on deck. Neeetssary
stores have been allowed to her and she
Is in much better condition than at any
time since she became a Naval Reserve
ship. There are some things still want
ing to make her a vessel tit for sea, but
she will probably get all necessary
stores before any outside work is ordered.
The men went up to the yard Saturday.
A large number went on the- Markham,
detailed for that duty at 2 o'clock. More
went up on the first trip of the Monti
cello and still more came ; up with the
band on the last trip of the same vessel,
which brought them to the yard about
midnight.
The run down was made under steam
and fore and aft sails. It was uneventful
and the vessel anchored safely after a
good quick run. The regular routine of
the reserve will be taken up again at once
and the officers and men will enter into
the spirit of the organization with re-
Premature Start Caused by a Mooring
Shackle Breaking, but No Damage
Results— Anchored Off Fol
som Street.
Sails Down From Mare
Island Manned by Crew
of Reserve.
MARION BACK
AGAIN TO HER
OLD MOORINGS
THE congregation of the Beth Mena
chim Streisand held a service yes
terday afternoon to dedicate a new
Sepher Torah for the use of the can
tor. The Sepher Torah is the Testa
ment, or fiye books of Moses, written in
Hebrew on parchment and is Inscribed
by men specially trained In the art. One
of the rolls takes nearly a year to com
plete.
The service of dedication Is usually at
tended by all the congregation "and Is
looked upon as a service of thanksgiv
ing
The height of of the ambition of an
orthodox Jew is to be the possessor of
a Torah. and should he be bo fortunate
he is envied and honored by all his
friends. When a Torah is presented to
the synagogue there are a number of
spaces left in which members of the con
gregation can Inscribe their names. In
wealthy synagogues large sums are paid
for the privilege. The prices bid yester
day were very modest, as the congrega
tion Is composed of humble merchants.
The attendance ¦was not very large and
Rabbi Levy, who was invited . with a
number of other rabbis to take part In
the. ceremony, spoke very severely at the
lack of Interest shown and the light at
tendance.
The service opened with the chanting
of a psalm by the Rev. Mr. Samuelson,
the rabbi of the synagogue. He was fol
lowed by Rabbi Levy, -who said In part:
"I am very much surprised to see such
a light attendance, but hope there will be
more Interest shown In the future. Your
synagogue is the orthodox place of wor
ship In the city. We have in the West
ern Addition several handsome syna
gogues with learned ministers to lead the
congregations. But If we were not to
have the old orthodox synagogues we
would have no comparison and would
have no old orthodox service to look to.
In these days we do not want to forget
old customs and Ideas. In this service
Master Lowsky, a Diminutive Lad,
Bids the Highest Figure for the
Place of Honor— Rabbi's
Remarks.
Rabbi Levi Conducts Cere
mony at Beth-Menachim
Streisand.
MANY INSCRIBED
THEIR NAMES ON
SEPHER TORAH
The New Territory.
The final settlement with ilexieo at
the close of the war gave to the United
States another enormous addition of ter
ritory, which included California. Texas.
Nevada, Utah, New Mexico. Arizona and
parts of Wyoming and Colorado. Shortly
before this, in 1S4C. a treaty with Great
Britain adjusted our northwestern bound
ary and secured an undisputed title to the
States of Oregon and Washington. This,
with the Gadsden purchase from Mexico
in 1S53 of a strip lying south of Arizona
and New Mexico, fixed the boundaries of
the United States as they still remain.
While the ratification of the Mexican
treaty was still pending occurred the dis
covery of gold in California, which led
amid great excitement to the pouring in of
a flood of adventurous population, hetero
geneous in character, but much of it rough
and lawless, and all moved by the over
mastering greed of gold. The whole of the
territory aeuuired from Mexico (Texas ex
cepted) was inhabited by Mexicans, Span
iards and Indians, none of them capable
without long training of appreciating and
accepting the principles of free govern
ment as understood by Anglo-Saxons.
Here were conditions to tax the
strength, the wisdom and the vital assim
ilating force of the most powerful, the
most experienced and the most united of
States. But the United States was weak
ened by sectional divisions: every prob
lem of statesmanship ¦which aroso ¦was
now complicated by the Inevitable slaverv
question, and its discussion embittered by
the personal feeling which every allusion
to slavery aroused. Thoughtful patriots
looked Hnxiously into the future. Should
the new possessions be dedicated to free-
I dom or to slavery? Could North and South
agree upon a division? Texas was con
ceded to slavery; what should be done
with the rest?
The Wilmot Proviso.
At the very outbreak of the Mexican
war it was foreseen that the result would
be an addition to the possessions of the
United States and that such accessions
would unavoidably involve divided opin
ions respecting the extension of slavery
to the new soil. A bill was before the
House In 1S46 to appropriate money for the
purchase of territory from Mexico, when
David Wilmot, a Democratic member from
Pennsylvania and a warm friend of the
administration, moved to attach to the
bill a proviso "forever excluding slavery
from any territory so gained. Von Hoist
likens the proposal of such a measure to
"the springing of a mine which shook
both the Union and slavery to their very
foundations." The amendment passed the
VIII. EFFECTS OF MEXICAN WAR.
BY JESSE MACY. LL. D.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
with the situation and urged on the mov»«
ment for entering: the Union. Slavery
was excluded, by Mexican law. from the
whole of the newly purchased territory
and the constitution adopted by the Cali
fornia convention expressly prohibited it.
The South, under a Democratic admin
istration, had brought on the war for the
sake of maintaining and extending South
ern power through the extension of slavo
territory. The outcome had been the ac
quisition of a domain far exceeding its
hopes. «But now It appeared that free
dom might gain more than slavery, after
all, and California, the richest province
of the whole, threatened to slip at once
from Southern grasp. Pro-slavery Whigs
united with the Democrats In opposing
the admission of California unless tho
Government would give assurances of
protection to the interests of slavery In
the rest of the new purchase, and they
called upon the President to aid them in
their purpose by refusing his signature to
the California bill. The stern old warrior
answered that he would sign any consti
tutional law passed by Congress, and led
his questioners to infer that he favored
the application of the \Vilmot proviso to
the Territories. To threats by Southern
Congressmen that they would dissolve
the Union he replied by declaring himself
ready to take the field in person to en
force his country's laws and to hang
without mercy the very statesmen to
whom he spoke should they be taken in
rebellion, lie was to t>e no tool of the
slave, power it was clear. Indeed, his
chief counselor was now the young and
ardent William H. Seward of New York,
whose far-sighted aim it was to make the
Whig party the great exponent and agent
of the opposition t<> sla.very extension.
This sentiment had always existed In
all the States North and South: It had al
ways been strong: in the Whig party and
was gaining ground in the Democratic
party. .Northern abolitionists (with the
exception of the extreme Garriaonlam
wing, which was always numerically
small) woulil have been won by a sincere
and straightforward course on the part
of the Whips to a hearty allegiance to that
party. Harl Taylor lived and had the oth
er Whiff leaders been able to see that now
as never before there lay before them an
opportunity to make their party a truly
national party — a compact, fully organized
political force based upon an Issue in.
the broadest sense popular and national;
had they but held calmly and firmly to
the principles already associated with th©
party name, the principles of non-interfer
ence with the affairs of the Individual
States and unflinching resistance to slav
ery In the Territories — then, indeed, would
the aftercourse of our history have been
different. The times were ripe as never
before for the final triumph of national
ism over the threatened sectional disrup
tion rind the great parties -were the bonds,
the only bonds, which might have been
made strong enough to hold the Union In
tact.
The Compromise of 1850.
But once more Henry Clay came for warti
to smooth the troubled surface of the po-
The Torah was presented to the syna
gogue by J. Woolach of 1131 Mission
street.
we are met together to dedicate a new
Sepher Torah and as you are all aware
there are spaces left In the manuscript
for members of the congregation to In
scribe their names. For this privilege
you can give what you can afford. Some
Jews pay biff prices and pay as liberally
as if they were buying a relic. The
money will go toward paying off the
mortgage on the building. I hope you
will all pay as liberally as you can."
The sale then began. The Torah com
mences with the words "In the begin
ning," then there is a space. This was
sold to a little boy named Lowsky for
$20. The spaces then began to sell live
ly, thank to Rabbi Levy, who stimulated
the sale by putting in an occasional bid
himself.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 28, 1900.
Bottled Seers
Labeled "Budweiser." "Faust," "Black &
Tan." "Anhenser-Standard." "Export Pale."
"Exquisite" or "Pale-Laser"— If "Anheuser-
Busch" Is on the label they are merest be»rs.
E. O. Lyons Co.. Wholesale D»*:«r», San
Francisco, Cai. - '-- -— .
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
5
AMUSEMENTS.
ONE FOR ALL AND ALL FOR ONE !
TO-KTGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
SUPERB SCENIC PRODUCTION
Of the Rcm&ctlc Comic Op«ra,
"THF THRFF
FcusCed on Dumas' Novel. M««!e b7 Varnejr.
THE ENTIRE COMPANY WILL APPEAR.
BHZLXJAXT NEVT COSTUMES AND ACCES-
SORIE&
Auscesteg and Powerful Chorus sad Or-
chestra.
Bveslcn at S. Matinee Baturd&r at 1.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c and OOc.
Telephone, Bush •
BECINNINC TO-NIGHT.
The S?8.eon'B Event.
N. C. GOODWIN
MAXINE ELLIOTT
la their cre&test success.
WHEN WE WERE
TWENTY-ONE,
D>- H. V. ESMOND.
Cart an1 frMuctton lndentically the same
ff th»t i<pcn fct the Knickerbocker Theater.
tCf-w York.
— — — — —^—^— ——— — —
rnorrn main K2.
IMMENSE ECOCFjy? OF RICE'S FAMOUS
I-X'iitAVAGANZiA.
"1492T
run entire nras of the citt unani-
IiOLS IN" ITS PRAIKE.
PACKED TO THE DOORS NIGHTLY.
EXTRA MA ™£^DNESDAY NEXT.
_ cs=r -*j' ropuLAn prices.
Good reserved seat ia orchestra at all matl-
aees, ;-<¦¦.
Branch Ticket Ofni^-Emporlum.
FISCHER'S co^ E^tHousE.
-LUCIA" und "THE HUGUENOTS"
MIES HANDOLJN IN ENGLISH SONGS
I.cterved Seats, Z&e. Kaiinee Sunday. '
g99sease303ceaasoeseeoooeo««eoe*eea«*»«ee»«<
o
O OF"
G
| Ladies' Silk and Satin
©
o
e — and —
o
g , Ladies' Black and Colored Kid
o
I Commencing Monday, May 28.
o
o =
Ct LADIES' INDIA SILK WAISTS— Evening shades; former price
G 54.50. Marked down to $2.50
O LADIES' FANCY COLORED TAFFETA WAISTS; former price
O $650. Marked down to \iLilL $4.00
Q LADIES' STRIPED TAFFETA WAISTS— Evening shades; former
g price $7 50. Marked down to ...$5.00
© LADIES' COLORED TAFFETA WAISTS; former price $7 00 and
g $8 00. Marked down to $5.00
O LADIES' FANCY COLORED TAFFETA WAISTS; former price
§ $8 00, $g 00 and $10 00. Marked down to $6.00
g LADIES' COLORED SATIN WAISTS; former price $6 50 and $7 50.
q Marked down to $5.00
g LADIES' COLORED SATIN* WAISTS; former price $7 SO and $8 50
q Marked down to $6.00
2 LADIES' BLACK INDIAN SILK WAISTS; former price $4 50.
q Marked down to $2.50
g LADIES' BLACK TAFFETA SILK WAISTS; former price $7 50.
Marked down to $5.00
g LADIES' BLACK AND WHITE STRIPED TAFFETA WAISTS:
q former price $750. Marked down to $5.00
§ LADIES' BLACK TAFFETA SILK WAISTS: former price $7 50
© and $8 50. Marked down to $6.00
§ LADIES' BLACK TAFFETA SILK WAISTS; former price $0 00
O and $10 00. Marked down to S6.50
O LADIES' BLACK TAFFETA SILK WAISTS; former price $10 00
O and $11 00. Marked down to $7.50
S LADIES' FANCY SILK PETTICOATS: former price $20 00, $22 so
O and $25 00. Marked down to $15.00
§ LADIES' AND MISSES' KID GLOVES.
O '
O MISSES' KID GLOVES; former price $1 00. Marked down to.. 65c
0 LADIES' 2-CLASP KID GLOVES: former price $1 00 Marked
e down to 65c
O LADIES' MOCHA GLOVES; former price $1 50. Marked down to
§ 8 5c
O LADIES' 2-CLASP KID GLOVES; former price $1 5 o. Marked
© down to 95c
O LADIES' 2-CLASP PIQUE GLOVES: former price Si 5 o Marked
g down to "..;.. 95c
« LADIES' 2-CLASP KID GLOVES— (Majestic); former price $2 00
O Marked down to SI 25
© LADIES' BLACK TAFFETA GLOVES; former price 60c Marked
J down to 35c
O LADIES' BLACK TAFFETA GLOVES; former price 35c Marked
§ down t0 ...\. 15c
e —
® _^_ . .^^^
I 1142-1 146 Market Street.
©
eoQoeoooQoocaooooopoeoooeQoaosQocoeeeooeaQpi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASH or CREDIT.
Better Inspect My Stock of
FURNITURE,' CARPETS,
MATTINGS, STOVES, Etc.,
Before Purchasing Elsewhere.
A Word to the Wise Is Sufficient"
Estimates Given on Complete House '
Furnishing.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. NEAR POWELL.
[Rheumatism, fffrk \
Kidney Ailment, §*£
Stomach Trouble, gSro
Female Complaint, fjtl\
Nervousness, a>*1
Dyspepsia or any £5$
Blood Disease? figy
electfTozone p|f
—It will cure vou. Kj
At druseriste, $1 bottle. at^r'
plpP^ WONDERFUL
CURED.
IN INVENTING H13 WORLD-RENOWNED
•¦Magnetlo Elastic Truss"- Dr. Pierce cave to
the public the nioet remarkable remedy ever
discovered lor the successful treatment of Her-
nia, or Rupture. Thousands of sufterers have
been permanently relieved and radically CURED
by this grtat appliance and thousands of other*
are now on the road to complete recovery. This
Truss is different from all others. It does the
work!
You can get our "BOOKLET Xo. 1" by call-
lnp at the office, or it will be Bent on receipt ot
a !-cent stamp. It tells all about this Truss.
'magnetic elastic truss co. f
G2O Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel.),
San Francisco*.
Eastern Office— New York City.
n i rr n nil a i co™"- Fourth ««$
CAFE BOIIlLlst
Valises checked trae.
: J^; AJITTBEMENTS.
CHUTES^N^ZOG
> ¦ j
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GATES & CLARK; HEALT SISTERS; SI
6TEBBINS; MAT NEALSON; THE DOCK-
MANS; GEO. TRUMP; RAYBTON & RA£-
FORD; NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Amateur Night Thursday.
Cakewalk Night, Saturday.
Order Seats by Phona— Park 22. "
AMTJS£M£HTS.
REMEMBER | THIS-
THE LAST WEEK OF
AIR. JAMES NEILL
AND COMPANY.
To-Nl&ht and To-Morrow Night and Wednesday
(Memorial Day) Matinee.
••LORD d-BUrnLEY."
The Play That Made Such a Big Hit Last
NlKht.
Wednesday and Thursday nljrhts "A
BACHELORS ROMANCE." Thursday' mati-
nee. "CAPTAIN LETTARBLAIR." Friday and
*c£$?Lx%'$\ m rTZ na Satunlair m » tlnee -
* t\* X o~ Sun<3ajr n!Eht - DUNNE & RYLEY'S
ALL-STAR CAST in Hoyfg "A RAG BABY."
STRONGER THAN EVER.
MISS LILLIAN BURKHART
And Company in "A DEAL ON "CHANGE."
Third and Last Week of
EZRA KENDALL.
VANDT: 11 IDG LEY & CARLISLE.
TWENTY OTHERS.
AN ENTIRELY NEW BILL.
Reserved seats. Ijc; balcony, JOc; opera, chairs
and box seats. LOc. '
! Matinee* 'VVednppday. Saturday and Sunday.
MATINEE (WEDNESDAY) DECORATION-
DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND ENTIRE WEEK.
First Time Here of Clyde Fitch's Domestic
• Comedy,
A SUPERFLUOUS
HUSBAND I— -p.
A TALE OF MARRIED LIFE.
SALE OF SEATB BEGINS TO-MORROW FOR
FLORENCE ROBERTS 1 "SAPHQ."
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
" Admission, 10c: Children. 5c.
Bathing, including admission, 23c: children 20c.
IA/. T. HESS.
RCTABT FU3LI3 AKfl ATT0BNSY-4.T-LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1016, Claui Spr«ckel» Bldf.
Telephone Brown Ml.
Residence. SZ1 California »t., below Powell,
Eaa FrancUco. :-j.; iCINCINNATI. May 27.— The following
are the weights for the Turf Congres3
Handicap at Latonia on Decoration Day,
May 20, one mile and an eighth:
John Bright ..127 Al Fresco 102
Pink Coat. ...125 Kentucky Farmer.. .101
IJeber Karl 120 Highland Lad 101
W. Overton 118 The Conqueror....... 100
Cambrian 116 Rotterdam 100
Tlmemaker 116 Friesland 97
His Lordship 112 Headlight 97
Lluetenant Gibson. ..112 Aberdale 96
Ways and Means. .. .110 Greenock $6
Advance Guard 110 The Bondman 95
Streamer 110 Guerdon 95
Eberhardt '..110 Faunnette 95
Frank Thompson. ...110 Seaport 95
Eddie Burke 109 Kenmore Queen 94
I>oncella 106 Full Dress 93
Jolly Roger ....106 Dashaway ........... 90
Sea Lion. ........ .....106 Owensboro 80
Sam Phillips 106 Cherry Head 90
Florizar 106 Tlckful so
Greatland 105 Refuse ' .'.......'.. 90
Carl C lOi Draicburg 90
Event at Latonia.
Weights for the Decoration Day-
TTJRF CONGBESS HANDICAP.
Pirates Defeat the Eeds.
CINCINNATI. May 27.— Phillips was
slaughtered by Pittrburg In the first in
ninff to-day and Breitenstein had to leave
In the fifth. Hahn pitched the last four
innings and allowed one scratch hit. Wad
dell was very effective. Attendance 0000
Score :
Ci?cmn7tl .. "' E>
jitubarx .."."!'."""""!!"!".'"!"!!!io iJ 1
Batteries— Phillip*. Breltenetein. Hahn and
P«-lti; Waddell and Zirnmer. Cmpire— Swart-
Wovd. ? ,. . » ;
American Association.
MILWAUKEE. May 27.— Milwaukee 9, Minne
apolis 6.
Trunks, valises, suit cases, traveling
bags, writing portfolios and pocketbooks.
All goods of pood quality, and the prices
will please you. Special sale of slightly
ruLb«-d drummers' samples of ladles'
uocketbooks at 25 and 50 cents while they
last. Ask to see our $5 suit cases. San
born, Vail & Co., 7*1 Market street. •
A four-handed pame will be played on
Decoration day between R. Hausman and
W. Stapff. of Humboldt Evening Hieh
School, and T. Serres and J. Broyer Mis
sion High School. '
A. Hampton an3 J. White... 21 21 is 19 21
J. Hartow and J. Uiordon... 14 12 21 ;i 13
J. Co!Mn» and T. L»»ach 21 21 15 21
It. Murphy and \V. Maruire ltf ig n yj
E. Whit* and W. John»r>n 21 21 13 21
A. Whitman and J. Glynn g IS 11 15
TV H. Fle!x>r»t ond O. H. Hayward.. 21 21 M
E. Antron ar.d W. H. Kedian u 17 21
C. Murray and 3. J. Canavan ;i 21 jg
il. Kirby and D. lteprsn 12 u 21
G. McDonald ana" H. ItacouKet 21 21 21
1* Carralne and M. McNeil l.> 15 jj
G. D. Hayward and P. R.yan 21 *1 13
V*. II. Fleberrt and M. liaacb 14 h 21
O. Uutchinscn an<i P. K»-!ly... ~i in 21
\V. Kelly and P. Hutchlnson is 21 IS
J. MeN'amara and H. Tnnrr 21 21 *l
T. McManus and D. Dougherty 20 12 17
J. Peamrk and C. W. Oliddwi £1 7 si
V. n. Giiddcn and J. IVarson 8 21 14
In the Handball Court.
The handball matches yesterday at
Phil Ryan's Howard-street court resulted
as follows:
C. Smith ana C. Lakin «1 2 1 21
P. Muni and F. Carney 16 u 8
average In this match the conditions
rh C e re m^nfhlJ- 8 Virn i e n r f s: larBet - ' AnneXed are
First champion class, not filled; second cham
pion class, not filled: first class. H. Burfelnd
i rlnts; second class. G. Schulz. 374; third
class. H Huppert. 354; fourth class. William
t.ottschalk. 334; best first shot. C. F Rust 25
rings; best last shot, H. Burfeind 24
All of the active members of the Red
Men s Schuetzen Company were on the
range, as the organization held its bulls
eye contest for cash prizes and competi
tion for class medals. In the latter match
the conditions were 20 shots, 25-rlng tar
get, and in the former the best centers
were measured by machine. Annexed are
the winners in each event:
Monthly medals-Champion class. TV. Dress
ier S78 rln K j.; first class, P. H. Rulffn. 305- sec
mid class. HGrieb. 262; third class. E. stelner
278: fourth class. L. Bernstein. 247; best first
Bullseye winners— First, C. Oldag, 649 points
second. C. Stein. 857; third. W. Kreutzkamm'
S2S: fourth. H. Bach. 1007: fifth, J Stelner
sixth. William Dressier. 2169. °i e 'ner, J00 ( ,
The members of the Deutscher Krleger
\ erein also held monthly competition for
class medals and contests for cash prizes
on the bullseye target. In the first the
conditions were twenty shots/ twenty-five
ring target, and in the latter the best cen
ters were measured. Here are the win-
Class medals— First champion class, George
Hetzel, 421 rings; second champion class o
Dammer, 445; flirt class, J. Bender, 3S6; second
class. X. Selberzahn. 322; third class. Charles
Meyer, 305; fourth class,- J. Lankes 2S5- best
first shot. X. Selberzahn. 23; best last shot
George HeUel. 24; most bullseyes L
Laubscher. '
Bullseye winners— Flm, George Hetzel- see-
Me e?" Dammer: thlrd ' J ' Bender; fourth, C.
The regular bullseye contest of the San
Francisco Schuetzen Verein brought out
a full attendance, each hoping to make
a center that would win a cash pr? ze
The best centers were measured by ma
the^'o^d'e'r- &re the wlnn ers in
Fim. G. Bchulr. 201 points; second J o P f
kin, 339: third. H. Stelling. 624; fourth J n"
Helse. 700; fifth; A. Lsmalre. 8S3; sixth A
Jungblut. 9C2; seventh, J. Lankenau 'lOOO
eighth. D. Salfield. 1039; ninth. J C. Waller'
1072; tenth, D. B. Faktor, 1095; eleventh A.'
Browning. 1163; twelfth, II. Burfelnd 'lix7
thirteenth. H. Lllkendea, 1206; fourteenth O
Lemcke. 1237; fifteenth, F. Rust, 1251- 'six'
teenth. F. Pape. 1276; seventeenth. F. P Sehii<.
ter. 1310: eighteenth. N. Ahrens. 1331- nln»I
teenth. F. Hensel, 1435; twentieth, H. Hubert
A number of members of the reorganized
Company I of the First Regiment were
out for practice under the direction of
Captain F. K. Moore. The men were dto
vided with new muskets, with which thev
were not familiar. The members expect
to make some fine riflemen as soon as thev
get more familiar with their firearms
RACE FOR THE GRAND PRIX.
¦PARIS."" May 27.— The Grand Prix du
Jockey Club, which was run here to-day,
was won by Baron Roger's bay colt La
Moriniere. M. Eprusst's Codoman was
second and Comte de Bert's Ivolre third
M. Gaston-Dreyfus 1 Solon, ridden by Tod
Sloan, was fourth. Thirteen ran. -
Alvarado Wheelmen Win.
DECOTO, May 27.— The twenty-flve-mlle
bicycle ; relay race to-day at Centervllle
between the towns of Pleasanton, Alva
rado and. San Leandro was won by Alva
rado. The. Pleasanton riderB lost in the
first relay.
.While some of the ', shooting In the
monthly class medal competition of the
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club was fairly
good, still the top-notchers fell below the
Competition for yearly prizes^D." B. Faktor,
72; H. Huber, 70; J. Gefkln, 69; F. Brandt, 69.
Bullseyes. best centers, measured by machine
— First, .A. Jungblut, 362 points; second, D. B.
Faktor, 443; third, K. P. Schuster, 462; fourth,
H. Stelllngr, 545: fifth, H. Huber, 670; sixth. N.
Ahrenp, 71fi; seventh, F. Brandt. 1045; eighth,
D. Palfleld. 1037; ninth, F. Rust, 1123; tenth,
Members of the Germania Schuetzen
Club turned out In good numbers for the
regular monthly bullseye competition for
cash prizes. To A. Jungblut fell the hon
ors of carrying away first money. In the
continuous competition several improved
on their scores. . Annexed are the win
ners in their order:
There was a fairly large attendance at
the Shell Mound rifle range yesterday
and all of the marksmen not present
mitsed some fine sport, for it was an Ideal
day. There was but little wind and light
conditions were excellent. As a result
fine shooting was the order. Some of the
best work was done by F. E. Mason of
the Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club.
Although he shot a part of the morning
and all of the afternoon, in practice and
on records, he never fell below 219 in ten
shot runs on the 25-ring target. D. W.
McLaughlin of the same club also came
in for some good scores. The Golden
Gate's scores were as follows:
Rifle, 200 yards, 23-rlnc target, ten shots,
Bushnell trophy— K. E. Mason 230, 223, 225; D.
W. McLauEhlln 230, 218.
First-class trophy— A. B. Dorrell, 221, 216; C.
M. Henderson, 207, 2C5, 1S1.
Club EOld medal— F. E. Maaon. 231, 219. 220;
A. B. Dorrell, 216, 213; C. M. Henderson. 2C6, 207,
21S, 208.
Club silver medal— C. F. Bridges, 208, 191;
Benjamin Jonas, 188, 167. 148.
¦ Pistol, . BO yards, Standard American target,
ten-shot scores, club gold medal— A. B. Hender
son, 78, 85.
Club sliver medal— F. E. Mason. 91; J. F.
Bridges. ST.. 81.
Club trophies— C. M. Henderson, S4, 89; A. II.
Roland. 61. SI. 73; J. E. Gorman. 91.
Revolver troohy— M. J. White, 81.
All comers' champion trophy, pistol — J. E.
Gorman, 92, 91; M. J. "White, 91.
F. E. Mason, A. Jungblut, H. Bur
feind, W. Dressier, Q. Hetzel and
Q. Schulz Were Among Top-
Notch Club Winners.
Lively Competition Among
Riflemen for Medals
and Tropies.
SHOOT TO WIN
MANY PRIZES
ON THE RANGE
SAN RAFAEL.. May 27.— The local nine
to-day defeated the Alamedan3 by a score
of IS to 4.
COLUSA. May 27.— Colusa defeated Wll
1ow«j at baseball to-day by a score of 6
to 2.
SANTA CRUZ, May 27.— The baseball
game to-day between the Koenigrs of San
Francisco and Santa Cruz team was won
by the former. Score, 6 to 5. Batteries:
Santa Cruz— Daubenbis and Fitzgerald;
Koenigs— Perrlne and Eager. -
VACAV1LLE. May 27.— The most ragged
pame of ball ever seen at Vacaville took
place to-dny between the Reliance nine
of Oakland and the home team. Seven
lnnlnps were played. The score was 18 to
7 in favor of vacaville.
ANTIOCH, May 27.— The Golden Gates
of San Francisco beat the Old Peppers on
the Antloch diamond to-day by a score
of 7 to 1. This was the first game the home
nine ha3 lost this season.
Batteries— Monroe 'and Swarts; Collier
and Baer.
Fresno 3 9 3
Bakersfleld 5 6 2
FRESNO, May 27.— It took thirteen in
nings of the fastestjilnd of baseball for
Bakerslicld to do the trick to Fresno to
day. Both pitchers were In line form.
8C ° re: R. H. E.
Hot Game.
Fresno Defeated by Bakersfield in a
MINOR BASEBALL.
I^anBC Sb 4 0 0 0 0 2 1
Drennan, c. f 10 0 0 2 0 0
Hardie, r. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
Totals 30 3 6 1 24 10 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 4 0 0 2 0 1 0 0 •— 7
Base hits 4 113 0 0 0 0 •-!»
Oakland 30000000 0—3
Base hits 4 0 0 0 0 10 1 0—6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hughes 3. Moskiman 6.
Home run— Hanlon. Three-base hits— Francks.
Ea&an. Two-base hits— Hughes, Krancks. First
base en error— Sacramento 1. First base on
called halls— Sacramento 4. Oakland 4. Left on
t>a«es> — Sacramento 5. Oakland 4. Struck out —
By Moskiman 3. Hit by pitcher— Stanley.
Double plays — Stultz to Kagan to Hanlon;
Stultz to Hanlon; McLaughlin to Engan to
Devereaux. Wild pitch— Moskiman. Time of
game — 1 hour and 30 minutes. Umpire — Graves.
Scorer — Griffin. _
Blow Causes Death.
BRIDGEPORT. Conn.. May 27.— Eflcllo
Tebault, the colored pugilist who was
taken to the Bridgeport Hospital In an.
Insensible condition last Friday night as
the result of a blow received during a
boxing match with "William Forsyth. died
to-day without regaining consciousness.
Forsyth i3 In jail. _^_^___
FLY-CASTERS ENCOUNTER
A HIGH, SHIFTING WIND
The members of the San Francisco Fly
casting Club devoted Saturday and yes
terday to casting up back scores The
two days are technically known as re
entry days, each member being permitted
to cast up three scores, on completion of
which averages will be made and the
members classified. June 9 and 10 arl
also re-entry days, but as mrwt £t ?£
weather, as the wind was strong and Its
direction chansrinR constantly? re
sults In consequence were not up to thV
avera e e - The scores In detail foHow-
ANALYSIS OF BOWLING.
Bowlrr- H. II. M. W.
U. Ward Jr C6 31 0 4
J. H. Saunders 12 7 0 0
F. Croll 4S 11 4 6
Totals f,4
Hun* at fall ct ra,rh wicket— One for 7. two
for 21.'. three for 21. four for 74. R- c for 26 fix
tor <% seven for 41. tight for 41. nine for 49. ten
for U.
IV.wler— B. R. M. W.
A. Dickenson lr; 33 3 6
O. IV>bcrtc >4 4". 2 1
J. <Ju;H <8 29 .. 1
K. <i Sloman 120 31 3
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB.
A. T'lckensor.. b. *>c!l 9
B. 'i. Sloman, b. Ward Jr 3
1... Bchrmfier. b. Croll 6
K. J. Lxrjphmnn. h. Ward Jr 0
w. Reeve*, b. CroU - r,
W. lU-e.i. b. WardJr 1
J. I*ir<J. b. Croil 0
A. Willis, b. CroII 1 1
J. Guild, c. Hcpuo. b. Croll J7
C Roberts not out 4
O. Schrrjeder. I). Ward Jr g
I\"u ball 1, byes 4 5
ALAMHPA CRICKET CLUB.
R, R. Ilr.jrue. b. T'lckensin 4
J. H. Saund^n, b. Guild 20
J. J. lloriarty, c. G. Schroeder. b. Dlckenson 45
F. <"ro!l. c. L. Schroeder. b. Koberts 27
H. Ward Jr.. b. Picltenson 13
V. SwtN-rk, not out 11
J^ J. Muri-hy. t>- Dicken^on 1
¦W. u. F.rtman. c. G. Schroeder. b. Dick
ens on 0
I*. Ptahl, c. G. Schroeder. b. Dicker.son S
II. Ward Sr.. not out li
W. EUctoter (did not bat) 0
Jjeg l>y«-s 2. byes 7 9
Total 149
Huns at the fall of each wickt-t— One for 8,
two for Ht three for fct. four for 113. five for 113,
Eix for '115. seven for US. eight for 130.
The pennant winners of 1S39 at the Eng
lish game cf cricket did not make much
cf a stand against the Alameda team
yesterday, only one of their batsmen, J.
Guild, reaching double figures and the
whole eleven out for fifty-four runs. J.
J. Morlarty of the Alaxneda eleven all
but beat the whole California team off his
own bat. as he scored forty-five In Rood
style. Six of the Alameda batsmen ob
tained double figures and eight of them
ecored the respectable total of 119, win
ning by the ample margin of ninety-live
runs with two wickets to f^pare.
For Alameda F. Croll and Harold Ward
bowlt-d successfully, the former taking
eix wickets and the latter capturing four.
The full scores are given herewith:
CHAMPIONS ARE BEATEN
ON THE CRICKET FIELD
Order— David J. Creamer (chairman). John
Sheridan. M. Bird. George P.lrdsall. E. Boh
len, J. J. Kennedy. Charles Corey, J. F. Crow
l»y, James II. Paly. H. Troppmann. George
Cawley. Joseph F. Lahaney. H. G de Greayer
.1. T. Brendel. William Fauser. Harry M Saun
ders. Louis Holtz, Sam Sonnenfeld. J. Ladarre
Julius Huckfeldt. H. C. Tonnemacher, Charles
F. Ix>ng. James Lucy. James Lawlor. Con
Peasy, Al Nelll. S. A. White, Jere Lucey, John
Holland, M. J. Murphy, L. M. Marlsch J J
O'Connor. A. J. Mitchell. Robert McCord M.
F. O'Connor. George Sharp. Fred Schuster'
Joseph Saunders, Joseph Bacon, Dave Becker
W. P, Patton.
Floor— Ed L. Head (chnlrman). R. H. Rusch
(assistant floor director). Charles Berwin
Juilse A. J. Fritz. O. A. Holdstein. T. F. Kil
leen, Thomas A. Fcrpuson. John A. Nlcolalsen
.Tamps Kllday, Frank Dunn, Charles M.-
Fischer, Miln Waidron, Joseph A. Doyle,
Charles A. Loonhardt. A. Callgaris, Judge
Georpe H. Cobanlss. James Cairns.
Gate^ — J. W. Larsen (chairman). C. Hedqulst.
L. Lrvln. J. Hondrlckson, T. J. Clancy, C. Lar
sen. F. Sandelln. M. Foley, E. C. Larsen. J.
J. Kennedy. P. Larson, I. Asch. p. S. Mitchell,
E. Swensson.
Games — W. F. Lous (chairman). D. T. Sulli
van. G. Maloney, C. F. Kenneally, F. Everett.
A. Hallahan, J. Hermance, M. Abrahams, J.
E. Hupfeld, J. S. Brown, H. Kuhls. J. J. Sll
vey.
Prize— E. L. Wagner (chairman). J. J. Car
roll. Oscar Hocks. R. M. Donnelly, J. F.
Cheetham. J. W. Larsen.
Finance — Gus Pohlman (chairman), A. C.
Berthier. H. Fourness. Charles G. Najcle, James
M. Miley, George Dahlbender, W. F. Da?ha.
Joseph Henne, I* H. Scharer. Charles McClain.
J. I*. Byrne. \V. J. Daly, George Welsmann,
H. Whittle. R. II. Rusch.
Programme— Otto Hansen (chairman), J. J.
Sllvey, Goorg-e Maloney.
Executive— Charles F. Knapp (chairman), W.
F. Long (vice chairman), Gustave Pohlman
(secretary), Ed L. Wacrner, Ed L. Head. David
J. Creamer, Otto Hansen, J. W. Larsen. A. C.
Berthier. K. II. Rusch.
The success of the outing was due to the
following committees:
Fully 5001 eagles and kindred b'rds
spread their wings and flew over to
Scbuetzen Park, where they spent the
day dancing, swinging and merrymaking.
Numerous prizes were awarded to the
sprightly members of both sexes and to
the fortunate ones who held lucky gate
coupons. The games on the cinder path
attracted a large crowd, and the partici
pants In the various events received great
encouragement, from the onlookers.
Every prominent politician, ofliee-holder
and popular member of local fraternal
organizations were present to add eclat
to the ouiing. Good order was maintained
throughout the day by a committee com
posed of husky eagles. Iiut one disturb
ance was obseVved, and that was due to
a fresh youth who. having been struck
with a bartowel, imagined himself in
toxicated. He was quickly subdued, but
managed to "land" on a committeeman's
"lamp." necessitating a new shade for
the injured optic. Dick Madden was pres
ent with his famous goat "Boscow." A
number of Eagles were initiated by the
festive members and were compelled to
E" " AGLES flew high at Schuetzen Park
yesterday. The occasion of their
lofty flight was the second annual
* picnic of the fraternal order which
takes its name after the noble American
bird. The emblems of freedom strutted
round the picturesque grounds, fluttered
their wings and screeched their joy with
pleasure at being: free from care and woe.
Every fair lady bird prceked her pretty
plumage and hopped around the spacious
pavilion to the sweet strains of an excel
lent band. The park was tilled with bald
eagles, birds plentifully supplied with lop
nots and birds adorned in gaudy plumage.
They left their aeries in the morning and
brought their young and their lunches
with them.
ride the animal, much to the pleasure of
the onlookers. Much to the regret of his
cwner, VBoscovv" became intoxicated.
This was due to his unquenchable thirst.
The goat would "butt" in every time a
Hock of eagles gathered at a refreshment
stand. "Boscow" would make his wants
known by a plaintiff "bah" and his appeal
would prove irresistible. Tho goat after
ward amused himself fcy feeding on the
bon mots dropped by genial Ed Head,
Harry Hrennan and other wits.
The members of the committee who had
the outlnp in hand were dazzling: in their
yachting costumes and gaudy badges of
authority. They could be distinguished
much quicker than a local policeman with
stripe? down his trousers. President Head
was in his clement. Every time he
wanted to make a speech to the as
semblage a tuneful toot on a cornet ap
prised the expectant crowd and then he
would "spiel." He presented Oscar Han
sen with a beautiful sold badge for sel
ling the most picnic tickets, informed his
auditors that an anxious mother was
peeking a lost child and announced that
g:tte prizes would be drawn In the open.
His sp»-pches were models of rhetoric and
declamation. Following was the result of
the games:
Race for boyp under 15— Rny McFaddin won,
J. MoGonlRle second, C. O'Brien third.
Young; men's race— J. Sullivan won, Joseph
Sullivan second.
Fat men's race — .1. I*. Hercet <Youns Mitch
ell) won. Frank O'Brien second.
MarrU-d ladies' race— Mr?. Burns won, llrs.
Mullen second, Mrs. Hrown third.
Kaeles' race — .1. Grifftn won.
Epk and sr>oon race — Mrs. Burns won, Mrs.
Mullen socond.
Three-leeeeri rare— P. Thanser and W. Ka
lpcn won, J. I>. Herpet and John Griffin sec
ond, Joe Hrown and Louis Fontenal third.
Special race for Eagle mixologists — Speck
Smith won. C. F. Williams srcend.
Bowling — James Johnson Zi. J. Pachner V).
William Muhl 27, R. M. Donnelly 25.
Cartoonist Warren's Ideas of the Eagles' Annual Outing.
Th^re was a formal discussion .among
representatives of the various cycling
clubs with the view of having a hundred-
Kilie relay race on nio track at an tarly
cate l«c-tween the Garden Citys. tho Olym
pics and the Capital City Wheelmen. The
Garden Citys want to race on the Fourth
of July. b'it the other club? are anxious
to wait until September.
SACRAMENTO.
AB. B. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLatiKhltn. 1. t 6 0 0 0 110
Deverc-aux, Sb Z 2 1 12 1 0
Eacan, b. b 4 2 2 0 2 7 0
Hughes, p 4 12 0 0 2 0
Hanlon, lb 4 1 2 1 17 0 0
Stanley, c 3 0 10 10 0
Doyle, r. t 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Pyne, c. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Stultt. 2b 2 1 1 0 1 6 0
Totals 32 "7 1 ~2 27 16 ~0
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Schmeer. s. s 8 12 112 0
Hammond, c 4 l 10 4 1 0
Hutcnlnscn lb S 1 1 0 11 0 0
Francks. 2b 4 0 2 0 1 2 0
Ounleavy, 1. f. 4 q q 0 8 0 0
Moskiman. p 4 0 0 0 1 > 0
SACRAMENTO, May 27.— By timely
batting and errorless lidding the Sacra
mento team to-day defeated Oakland.
Moskiman was put in the box for the vis
itors and held the heavy hitting locals
down to nine hits. Score:
SACRAMENTO DEFEATS
THE OAKLAND TEAM
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Babbitt, p 4 0 2 0 13 2
I^ockhead. b. b 5 12 13 5 0
Pace, c 5 1 1 0 10 1 0
Streib. 1 b 4 0 2 1 10 1 0
McCarthy, 1. 1 5 12 0 10 0
Morrow, c. f 4 0 113 0 0
Courtney. 2 b 3 0 0 0 2 2 0
Moore. 3 b 4 0 2 0 0 3 0
Whelan. r. t 3 0 10 0 0 0
Totals 37 3 13 3 30 13 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 000001100—2
Baj>e hits 1 001011200—6
Stockton 1 00001000 1—3
Base hits 1 01122201 3—13
SUMMARY.
Run* responsible for — Iburg: 2, Babbitt 1. Two
base hlte— Babbitt 2. PabFt, McCarthy/ Moore,
Schwartz. Sacrifice hits— Babbitt, Morrow.
¦\Vhelan. First base on errors— San Francisco
I. Stockton L First base on called balls— San
Francisco 4, Stockton 0. Left on bases— San
Franci*co 7. Stockton 10. Struck out — By 'Iburg
4, by Babbitt 6. ' Hit by pitcher— Courtney.
Double play— Iburg: to Pabst to Peeples. Passed
ball— Pace. Time of frame— One hour and 45
minutes Umpire— J Donahue. Official scorer—
II. S. McFarlin.
Totals 35 2 6 1 «3 11 4
•One out when winning run was made.
. STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brookhoff. c. f 5 0 10 2 0 0
Hildebrand. r. f....5 0 1 0 3 0 0
Schwartz. 2 b 5 1 1 0 1 1 0
Sullivan, c 2 0 0 0 4 2 1
Pabst. 1 b 4 0 2 0 7 2 0
Levy. 1. f 3 10 0 2 0 0
Keilly. s. s 3 0 0 0 5 2 1
Peoples. 3 b 4 0 113 2 2
Iburg, p 4 0 0 0 12 0
SAN FRAXCISCO.
An extra inr.inp was necessary to de
cide the morning game at Oakland. From
the start to the nnish the playing was of
the kind that the fanatics admire, and
even Hank Harris was satisfied with the
performance of his men until the tenth,
and then Iburg was hit hard three sep
arate times.
Another change was instituted In the
positions of the local team. Schwartz was
switched to the middle bag and Reiliy
put in at short stop. This arrangement
made a. stronger in-iield cf the team, and
were It not for a brace of errors by Pee
ples the Infield work would have been per
fect.
Babbitt pitched an emergency pame and
It was twirling of the highest class. Only
Mx hits were registered oft his delivery.
Although Iburg was punished for thirteen
hits, the Slough City men found it a dif
ficult task to push their three men over
the plate. In the tenth the fates cast
their black blankets over L'ncle's shoul
ders and the winning run was made by
Streib's hit to right tield. The score:
Stockton 3, San Francisco 2.
MORNTNG GAME.
AB. n. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Habbltt. Ti) 3 0 0 0 1 5 0
I/x-khead, s. s 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Tace. c 3 110 2 0 0
fctreib. lb 4 1 2 1 10 0 0
McCarthy. 1. f 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Morrow, r. t 4 11110 0
Courtney, c. t 4 0 2 2 3 1 0
Moore. 3b 4 0 0 0 13 1
Harper, p 3 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 33 3 C 4 24 10 1
SAX FRAXCTSCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
nrockhoff, c. f 2 2 0 0 5 0 0
HiMebrand, r. i 4 0 2 0 0 0 0
Schwartz, Vo 3 0 1 0 1 6 0
Sullivan, c 2 0 ' 0 1 3 1 «
Pabpt. lb 3 0 0 0 14 0 0
Levy. 1. f 4 0 10 3 0 0
Eteiur. s- s 4110100
KnJK. 3b 3 0 10 0 11
Fitzpatrick, i» 3.1 l o 0 2 o
Totals 2S 4 7 1 27 10 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Ptnckton 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 2—3
base hits 0 2 0 1110 0 l-<
Ban Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 13 0 '—4
liase hits 1 0 0 0 113 1 •— 7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Harper 4. Fltzpatrick S.
Three-base hits— Schwartz. Kru::. Streib. Two
base hitfi-Fitzviatrick, Levy, HHdPbrand. Sac
rifice hit? — Schwartz, Patet. First base hn
errors — Stockton 1. First base on called balls —
Stockton 2. Han Francisco 4. Left on bases —
Stockton 4. San Fratu-isco 6. Strucl; out— By
Har:>tr 2. by Fitzpatrick 3. Wild pitch—Fitz
jjatnek. Tinw of tame— 1:50. Umpire—Dono
nue.
STOCKTON"
What a happy seventh inning it was for
Frisco: Kelliy bunted and reached first
untouched, but Krug did not come up to
his three-Dagger pace. Hying out. To tho
consternation of ail, F112 swatted out a
two-bagger to ri.^ht. Boon after Uroekhoff
took a. constitutional and the bags were
filled. No bunt this fime, for Hlkiebrand
was up and he did something— a single -
scoring Rellly and Fltrpatrick. BrockhofT
crossed the rubber on the throw-in from
letl on Schwartz's out. Sullivan made the
uiird out.
1 he ninth began to present a few blue
sireaks for the local chances of victory.
I'ace walked to t,rst and a three-bugger
by Streib sent him over the rubber. Mc-
Carthy's out scored Streib and the game
read Han Francisco 4, Stockton 3. Morrow
liew to Hrockhcff ami Courtney made first
on Krug's trrcr. Moore struck out and
the game was over. Tho score:
With two men on the slabs in the sec
ond innn;g, Stockton scored its first run.
Morrow made his tirst bag by a hit to cen
ter, took two Lags more on Courtney's
well-placed hit to short and scored on a
wild throw by fltzpatrics.
Tne game uraggeu uiv.ii the sixth inning,
when tn«' spavined locals, with tne aid of
ilarper, set tne bleacners palpitating.
BrocKhoft went to the urst station on four
bad on--?. A bunt by Hildebrana Tilled the
first half section at bags. A sacrifice by
Schwartz advanced Drocxhoff and Hilde
brand to third and second and Sullivan
walKed to rir^t, crowuing the sacks. The
tans were restless when habst came to
the plate, but the second ball thrown was
bunted 10 Btreib and UrocKhoff crossed
the plate on Pabst's out. Levy's out re
tired the locals to the ber.cnos.
At last Uncle Henry's loose-jointed,
spavined and out-at-the-knees team has
won a game on merit. All the local fa
natics were surprised yesterday afternoon
at Recreation 1'arK wnen this uncommon
event came to pass. The astonlsnment has
not yet ceased.
Again did the local team appear on the
field with the petitions of the men chang
ed. Krug, wno ha3 been serving at a
restful Joo on the bencnes, was placed at
third. Iuilly covering short and Schwartz
second. This provea the best arrangement
that the experiments have so far snowed.
Krug also returned wt.a a section of his
batting- eye, the longest hit of the day
coming from his stick, although it produc
ed no results. Both Harper and Fitzpat
rick pitched excellent ball. The errors
were nut a stroke apiece lor the contest
ing nines.
San Francisco 4, Stockton 3.
— »
An Extra Inning 1 Needed in the
Morning Match to IXecide a Con
test That Was Hotly
Fought.
Two Close Games Played
Between San Francisco
and Stockton.
HANK'S CAKE OF
ICE IS SMASHED
BY ONE VICTORY
SAN JOSE, May ?7.— The Lcavitt & Bill
silver trophy parsed into the possession of
the Garden City Wheelmen to-day. It was
ji'.aced in. the keeping of that organization
by the Olympic Club Wheelmen of San
Francisco. The Olympics were lirst in the
hundred mile bicycle r*-lay race lajst Sun
day, but could not accept the trophy, as
the packet had been dropped accidentally
on the way by one of their riders. The
<3ardcn City Wheelmen w«-re the next to
linish and, a_eccrditje to the rules under
which the race was tun, were entitled to
the trophy. The Olympic Club enjoyed a
club run to this city io-day for the pur
pose of delivering' it to them. At a ban
quet at the Hotel St. James in the after
iiix>n tendered tije Flatting wiiwlmfn J.
"VY. Mull. n. president of the Oljrmpty: Club
Whteimsn, :u ;i gracioui speeco presented
the relay trophy to the Caret. n City
Wbeclmtn. Tnis was re«pondt-d to by the
local wheelmen throiigji Senator il. V.
Storehouse.
Incidental to the club run there was a
handicap read rrue for a silver cup. pre-
FC'ited by C. A. Harrison of this city. The
route was from High street, Oak
land, by way of Warm fcjpr.ngs
and M'lpitas, to San Jose, a distance of
sibout forty miles. 12. O. Kragn^ss was
looked upon as an easy winner, but early
in the race punctured a tire and was corn
jxjilt-d to stop. Hobson, Bolfe'^r, Kphriam
iind Smith, a:l handicap men, were punch
ed nearly all the Qistar.ee and were neck
and neck irhea the tape was reached, !in-
Ishing in the for«'g r nng crder. Bailey's
time, one hour 47 minutes 42 seconds, was
th»» fastest and he gets the cup. Hollow-
Ing is a summary t;i the race:
Facial Dispatch to The Call.
Selay Race Trophy Is Placed in
Xeeping of Garden City Wheelmen
After Exchange of Graceful
Compliments.
H. S. Bailey, Olympic Club,
Makes Fastest
Time.
WHEELMEN MEET
IN FORTY MILE
RACE ON ROAD
There will be holiday stakes on Deco
ration day at both Union Park and In^
? lesd e Park. The draws will be held
to-night In Pythian Castle
Second round— Ilocker beat King's Borderer
6— 1: Minnlewawa beat Overture, 4 — 0; Beer
Brewer beat Roundabout. 3—0; Sir Pasha beat
Slim, 8—0; Beauty Spot beat For Glory 8—4;
Kid McCoy beat Brutus. 4—0; Patriot beat
Thornhill. 2-1: Sara beat Hot Foot. 5-0; Magic
beat Mamie Pleasant. 5—2: Forest King beat
Little Sister. 3— <); Cavalier beat Auckland,
u— 3; Risky Attempt beat Forsret. 7—5
Third round— Rocker beat Minnlewawa 7—1-
Sir Pasha beat Beer Brewer. 7-5; Kid McCoy
beat Beauty Spot. 4—0; Sara beat Patriot 5-0
b^rcavan'er.^^ 1^' 10 ' * !sky A " Pm » £
i-EP U , r . th^ round ~ Str p °s h * beat Rocker. 4—3
£&«&£ » 14 - 10: Rlsky Attemvi
RKS S^t lfat Kltl McCoy - ¦£?
x> Fi u al «P- 2 v ' nrier ' 11 Klak y Attempt (Emin
Panha-Mtnnehaha) beat F. A. McComh'jT «:£
Pasha (Emin Pasha-Pride of the Valley) r_5
Sapling: stake, final— P. j. Retlly's Fariv
Dawn plaster Glenklrk-Dawn) bit (S
Watson's Fi Fl (Laughed At-Mountaln Laisle)?
Open Make — II. A. Deckelman's Rocker beat
T. Lcgan's Miss Grizzle. 12—;: F. Schou's King's
Borderer beat Captain Clarkson's Golden Gar
ter, 7—4; llarrigan & Wiegand's Overture beat
Curtis & Son's Old Glory. J-0;; R. E. de B.
Lopez's Minnlewawa beat E. M. KellogK's Iowa
lioy. 2 — 0; Hartcls I*ros." Feer Brewer beat
Pasha Kennels' Metallic, 1 — 0: Pasha Kernels'
Roundabout beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Diablo.
5—3; F. A. McCnmb's Sir Pasha beat Pasha
Kennels' Reckless Archer, a— 0; J. Martenet'3
Slim beat Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead.
4—3; Pterl & Knowles' For Glory beat J.
O' Dowel's Shootover. S — 3; R. L. Taylor's
Beauty ppot beat Aeneld Kennels' Agamemnon,
4—0; E. M. Kelioge's Kid McCoy beat Erwin &
Lyon's Silver Lycn. 6—2; J. P. Thrift's Brutus
beat Cornell Bros.' St. Helen. S— 4: T. J. Cro
nln's T^rnhill beat M. Welch's Mary Jane.
S — 4; J. Anthony's Patriot beat Maher <Si Reid's
Uncle Fuller. 5—0; R. K. de H. Lopez's Sara
beat J. H. Harrison's Hot Ha?te, 4—0; J. E.
Chamblll's Hot Foot beat J. Moriarty's Snap
per Garrison. 4—2; Connell Eros.' Mamie Pleas
ant beat J. L. Ross' J L R, 4 — 0; J. R. Smith's
Magic beat Erwln & Lycn'a Silver Winjrs. 8 — 2;
F.' A. McComb's Little Sister boat Curtis &
Son's Vulcan, 5—2; J. Sheridan's Forest Kins
beat J. J. Kenny's Winning Lassie, *— 4; Curtis
& Son's Cavalier beat O. Abercromble's Ttock
Island Kintr. »— 1; J. Carroll's Auckland beat
D. Winder's Lundin Links. 5—4: J. P. Thrift's
Forget beat H. Lyflch's Lottie M, 6 — 2- D Win
der's Hlsky Attempt beat J. Hurley's Hurri
cane. 8— 2.
Third' round— Palo Alto beat Luxor, 6 — »; War
thip ran a bye.
Final — Eugene Geary's Palo Alto (Emin
Pajha-Bonnie Lass) beat P. J. Reilly's War-
Ehip if/est Side-Nellie Bly). 11—7.
Champion stake— Curtis & Fr. n 's Luxor beat
J Dean's SiSQUOC tj— V; O. Whitney's Theron
beat Kussell. Allen & Wilson's Master Clair,
10— S- K. Geary's Palo Alto beat Pasha Kennels'
Rural Artist, 5—1: G. W. Heintz's Herachel'a
Pride boat R. E. <le li. Lopez's \>mteu«dd, j— o:
E. Ocary's Ireland beat Curtis & Son's Flying
Fox, o—4; P. J. Reilly's Warship beat Curtis
& Json'c Narcissus, i — '-.
Second round— Luxor beat Theron. 4—2: Palo
Alto beat Herschel's Pride, 4—3; Warship beat
Ireland, 4— li.
The big upsets of the day we're In tho
first rounds of the two big stakes. Sara
beat Hot Haste at 5 to 1; Little Sister
beat Vulcan and Hot Foot beat Snapper
Garrison at 2 to 1; King's Borderer beat
Golden Garter. Overture beat Old Glory.
Minnie Wa Ua beat Iowa Boy. Beer
Brewer beat Metallic. Round About beat
Diablo and Patriot beat Uncle Fuller,
all at 5 to 3. In the champion stake Her
schel's Pride beat YV'hitehead at 2 to 1.
The attendance was unusually large,
and although the weather was boister
ous, the coursing was generally of the
highest class. The detailed results of tho
running, with Judge John Grace's official
scores, follow:
The deciding course was a long one.
Palo Alto and Warship ran for one min
ute and six seconas. Palo Alto was a
5 to 1 favorite, and never left the result
In doubt, winning by a score of 11 to 7.
The sapling staKe was won cleverly by-
Judge P. J. Reilly's Early Dawn, whelped
May 7 of last year. She had some severe
running on Saturday, and showed the ef
fects of its yesterday. PI Fi led from the
slips, but Early Dawn gradually put on
more steam and won by 14 points to 2.
The open stake wa.-t replete with close
courses and a number of upsets for the
talent. In the second round Brutus,
which many thought would win* the
stake, was retired by Kid McCoy at qdds
of 6 to 1. The hare favored the "Kid"
throughout, and he shut Brutus out
pointless. In the fourth round the "Kid"
had a severe course with Sara and won.
The next time out he met Sir Pasha and
was beaten, scoring only by favor of
the hare. The deckling course was won
by Risky Attempt. The black son ol
Emin Pasha and Minnehaha finished
strongly, his opponents having the best
of the early part of the course. Sir Pasha
made a dive for the hare, but missed his
mark. Had he killed at this time he
would have won. Aa it was he weakened
and was beaten out.
Eugene Geary's young greyhound Palo
Alto won hi.* second champion stake of
the month yesterday at Union Coursing
Park. He defeated Luxor In the semi
final round and disposed of Judse P. J.
Reilly's Warship In the all-important de
ciding course. His course with Luxor
was the sensational one of the day, the
spectators cheering both greyhounds as
they ran up -the field. Luxor was fa
vorite at odds varying from 5 to 3 to 5
to 4»i, the bulk of the wagering, which
was heavy, going: in at 5 to 4. The
hare proved a strong one, and took the
brace of greyhounds well across the field.
Talo Alto led all the way, taking the
first turn two and a half lengths in ad
vance of the San Jose dog. Alter scoring
live points rapidly he placed Luxor for
one and was himself placed lor one. Lux
or secured one more turn and killed, the
score being 6 points to 4 In favor or
Palo Alto.
Judge Reilly's Early Dawn "Wins the
Sapling Stake at Union Park
and Risky Attempt the
Open Stake.
Luxor Again Defeated by
Eugene Geary's Grey
hound.
CHAMPION STAKE
IS WON EASILY
BY PALCALTO
I By good clever wurk all day Miss Pen
' man landed first money in the final of the
I open stake yesterday at Irgiei«:de Cours
ing Park. Blayttower, the runner-up, also
displayed her fine qualities ana gave .t
creditable performance. The deciding
! round was as pretty a race as one would
I wish for. From the start the dogs ran
as though they were stiil In the slips
, and to a lively hare they work«il together.
i with Mayflower slightly in the lead. Sud
i denly Miss Penman, wltn a wonderful
1 burst of speed, shot past her opponent and
picked up the hare.
Master Lawrence was withdrawn from
| the stake on account of injuries received
In the rundown. Firm Koe and Wild
Norah got well down on the card, the lat
ter being beaten by the stake winner in
the fourth round. CnicaKO Hoy, thougn
reaching the fifth, did not perform with,
his old-time dash. In the first and second
rounds he was good, but weakened after
that.
Terronite had a long undecided with
Victor Kingr in the second round and beat
him in a hard race. The work told agains;
his chances and he went out to the stake
winner In his next course.
The short-enders landed half a dozen
times, but never stronger than 1 to Z.
Rienzi beat Kawker 1 to 2. Xaughty Girt
beat Rustic Beauty 2 to 3. and Oood-Uy
at 1 to 2. Wild Norah beat Rienzi 3 to :,
Petronlus beat Crawford Lass 4 to 5. and
Wandering Tom lost a bye to Statesman
at 2 to 1. Following are the day's results,
with Judge P. J. Keilly'3 official scores:
Open stake, first round— O'Snea Bros.' Younjj
•America beat T. J. Cronin's Maid of bail. 8—7;
(?Shea Bros.' Golden Rule bea: D. K. Carter's
High Jinks. 5—1: Kussell. Allen & Wilson's
Chicago Boy beat J. Potter's Remus, 6—2: P.
Joiner's Ever Shore beat P. Urophy's Benlcla
Hoy, 5—2; J Kdmond'a Morning Glory beat J.
McNeil's Black Hawk, 4-1; A. L. Austin's
Firm Fee beat C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud,
%—\; A. Van den Burg's Naughty Girl beat G.
\V. Heintz'a Rustic Heauty. 6 — 5; Connell ISros."
(rood Bye b*»at J. H. W. Mullen's Moonstone.
3—2; C. Conner's Wild Norah beat J. Kock's
Minerva, 4—6; Lande & Gerber's Rienzi beat
Kay Bros." Hawker. 10—5; J. R. Smith's Petro
nlua beat J. Potter's Komulus, 10— T; C. B.
Charlsworth's Crawford Lass beat M. Mi
chlliki's Terrona, 4—1; M. Michlliki'a Terronue
beat Bartels Bros.' Border's Best, 12—3; G. M.
Abercrcmble'o Victor King beat D. Shannon's
Strand of Gold. lt>— 8; J. Flower's Keystone
beat Al. J. AVelch's Lady Norborne. 4—2: Cap
tain Cane's Miss Penman beat J. I. OUrtena
Statesman. C— 1; E. I>. FallorTs Lily of the
West beat J. Caveney's Juliet. 5 — 0; J. Suttnn'a
Mayflower beat C. Bonner's Frosty Morn. 6—1;
J. I. O'Brien's Wandering Tom a bye; Lande &
Gerber's Mount Ida beat J. Edmond's Go On.
7 — 6: S. Handy's Lady Huso beat Farley Bros."
Morse Patrol, 7 — 2.
Second round— Chicago Boy beat Young
America. 4—2; Golden Rule beat Ever Shore.
D— 1; Firm Foe beat Morning Glory, 8—4;
Naughty Girl beat Good Bye. t>— 4; Wild Nora
beat Rienz). 3 — 0; Petronlus beat Crawford Lass.
* — 1; Terronite beat Victor King. 7 — 6: Mi.-i
Penman beat Keystone. 9 — 3: Mayflower beat
Lily of the West, 7— 5; Wandering Tom beat
Mount Ida. 5—0; Lady Hugo a bye.
Third round— Chicago Boy beat Golden Rule.
3—2; Firm Foe beat Naushty Girl. 4—2; Wll.l
Norah beat Petronlus. 12 — 4; Miss Penman beat
Terronite, 8 — «: May Sower beat Lady Hugo,
4—3: Wandering Tom a bye.
Fourth round— Chicago Boy beat Firm Fo»,
4—1; Miss Penman bent Wild Norah. 4—1; May
flower beat Wandering: Tom, 8 — 4.
Fifth round — Miss Penman beat Chicago Boy,
3 — I: Mayflower a bye. ,
Final— Miss Penman beat Mayflower. 4—2.
Terronite's Hard Runs in ths Second
Bound Kill His Chances for
the Tina!— Short Ends
Were Few.
Beats Mayflower in a Pretty
Race for First Money
at Ingleside.
MISS PENMAN IS
FAST ENOUGH TO
WIN THE STAKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,- MAY 28,1000.
Members and Friends of the Popular 'Fraternal Order
Spend a Delightful Day at Schuetzen Park.
Incidents of the Day.
EAGLES FORSAKE THEIR
AERIES FOR AN OUTING
6
Tt]
:00
.¦¦::
<.Z
47:
47:
» 3 3
E\-ent N"o. 3.
Delicacy.
g3
NAME.
ill? If
2 "2. *
2. 2 op
I 3 p
*2 % l
Is
Battu 84 S7 88 63 76 6 4S
Battu 90 89.4 87.4 63 762
Brooks 104 81.4 go.4 53 2 69*9 """"
Brotherton 100 84.4 90.4 75 10 <ts"l
Brotherton 84.8 , ...
Daverkosen ... 106 84.8 83.8 73*»" 's^'i' """""
Daverkosen ... 1(0 83.8 S2.8 73ao 84 3
Daverkosen ... 104 88.8 87.8 72 6 80*1 """**
Everett 98 92.4 74 59.2 66.7 '.'..'..
Everett 96 94.4 92.4 80.10 S6.7
Everett "... 97
E ou ! ks > SO 80.8 63.4' *5sli' "b.tt '.'.'.'.'.'.
Foulka S3 87.4 SA.4 64.2 72 3
Foulks 89 74 73.8 S3 6».4
«° cher 122 83.8 93. S 77.6 85.7
Goleher 120 . 91.S 83 77.6 82.9
Halsht 73 Sfi 81.8 60 70.10
Huv<* 82 80.4 75.8 59.2 67.5
5|ejn 80 79.4 76.4 61.8 69 53
*t} e \ n »1 63.4 83.8 62.6 78.1 63
tvleln .•••••.••. ,~. . ....... 53
}« v e" U5 93. '?M* "li'.k' "sb'.il 9G.1
Lovett 112 88.4 33.8 71.8 82.8 92.2
I**?"."—-' HO 81.4 95.4 72.6 83.11 96
Muller 93" 91.4 S5 73.4 79.2
88.6 89.8 91.4 62.6 7S.11 .
Young.. ?2 91. S 86.8 67.6 77.1 ....'.',
» 3 3
E\-ent N"o. 3.
Delicacy.
g3
NAME.
ill? If
2 "2. *
2. 2 op
I 3 p
*2 % l
Is
Battu 84 S7 88 63 76 6 4S
Battu 90 89.4 87.4 63 762
Brooks 104 81.4 go.4 53 2 69*9 """"
Brotherton 100 84.4 90.4 75 10 <ts"l
Brotherton 84.8 , ...
Daverkosen ... 106 84.8 83.8 73*»" 's^'i' """""
Daverkosen ... 1(0 83.8 S2.8 73ao 84 3
Daverkosen ... 104 88.8 87.8 72 6 80*1 """**
Everett 98 92.4 74 59.2 66.7 '.'..'..
Everett 96 94.4 92.4 80.10 S6.7
Everett "... 97
E ou ! ks > SO 80.8 63.4' *5sli' "b.tt '.'.'.'.'.'.
Foulka S3 87.4 SA.4 64.2 72 3
Foulks 89 74 73.8 S3 6».4
«° cher 122 83.8 93. S 77.6 85.7
Goleher 120 . 91.S 83 77.6 82.9
Halsht 73 Sfi 81.8 60 70.10
Huv<* 82 80.4 75.8 59.2 67.5
5|ejn 80 79.4 76.4 61.8 69 53
*t} e \ n »1 63.4 83.8 62.6 78.1 63
tvleln .•••••.••. ,~. . ....... 53
}« v e" U5 93. '?M* "li'.k' "sb'.il 9G.1
Lovett 112 88.4 33.8 71.8 82.8 92.2
I**?"."—-' HO 81.4 95.4 72.6 83.11 96
Muller 93" 91.4 S5 73.4 79.2
88.6 89.8 91.4 62.6 7S.11 .
Young.. ?2 91. S 86.8 67.6 77.1 ....'.',
Tt]
:00
.¦¦::
<.Z
47:
47:
ADVEB.T2SE32IENTS.
A POPULAR MISTAKE
! Regarding Remedies for Dyspepsia
and Indigestion.
I The national disease of Americans Is In-
digestion, or In Its chronic form, dyspep-
! sla, and for the very reason that it is so
! common many people neglect taking
j proper treatment for what they consider
trilling stomach trouble, when as a mat-
! ter of fact indigestion lays the foundation
for many Incurable diseases. No person,
with a vigorous, healthy stomach will fall
a victim to consumption. Many kidney
j diseases and heart troubles date their be-
i ginning from poor digestion; thin, nervous
i people are really so because their stom-
j achs are out of gear; weary, languid,
faded out women owe their condition to
imperfect digestion.
When nearly every person you me?t it
j afflicted with weak digestion It is not sur-
l prising that nearly every secret patent
I medicine on . the market claims to be a
cure for dyspepsia, as well as a score of.
other troubles, when, in fact, as Dr.
Werthler says, there is but one genuine
dyspepsia cure which 13 perfectly safe anil
I reliable, and. moreover, this remedy is not
I a patent medicine, but it is a scientific
! combination of pure pepsin (free from an -
I mal matter), vegetable essences. fruU
! salts and bismuth. It Is sold by drupglsia
I under the name of Stuart's Dyspepsia
I Tablets. No extravagant churns are madd
for them, but for Indigestion or any stom-
ach trouble Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
are far ahead of any remedy yet discov-
ered They act on the food eaten; no
dieting is necessary: simply eat all tho
wholesome food you want, and ;heso tab •
lets will digest it. A cure results. beca US ,
all the stomach needs is a rest, which
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets give by doing
the work of digestion.
We Cure the Following Ailments:
Private Diseases Lost Manhood.
Varlcocela Nerrous Debility
Hydrocele Rupture
Uladdt-r Di»e«9*9 V\ astln* Drain.
Kidney Diseases Blocd Poison
DR. MEYERS & CO..
Specialists— Establish:;! Nearly 20 Ttirs.
T3I MARKET ST.. S. F".
j — _ .
£vi3iT OR- JORDAN'S cheat*
{8SSEUH OF Ai&TSSY'
A (^ 131 HASH J St. let fci»?i, Z.I .CU, A
A tT M T ll j^ ari f estAnato 'n'.cal Museum in tbo \
Q >*£*p»v World. HeatBCMj o , *n» contracted J
$ flSSi C2 -«rcaaAH-PRJYATE DISEASES 9
A SVWyU T to3<tul^t!on fr-c ind strict!, pri»»:e \
\ S ,/ 11 S 1W> C * T01n ««'7 oweuDJertakea. 7
A J w' *« | u«W« took for mm) \
7 Dtt JUBOAN & CO.. 1051 Market St.S. F. 9
Weak Men and Women
meogtb to iexual crgana. Depot, 323 a*rk*uMark O ? Briea Meets With u Peculiar
Accident— SI. Newell Pluckily
Stops a Eunaway.
Mark OT-rkn. son of the well-known
carriage maker, was Thrown out of his
buggy last night and painfully Injured He
received a lacerated cut on the ear and
numerous body bruise. He declined to
have his wounds dresssd at the Receiving
Hospital but went to Dr. Stafford his
family physician, and was treated
He was turning: Into Market street from
Golden Gate avenue when the accident
happened. The front wheel of hia buggy
Ktrnck the car track In such a mannp
k 6« to throw him out of the vehicle The
hor*e became frightened and dashed down
Market street and was brought to a stand
FtlU hy a plucky sailor named M. Newell
The latter drove back to Mr. O'Brien and
was rewarded for his bravery.
THROWN FROM A BUGGY
AND PAINFULLY INJURED
Drilled for Almshouse Inmates.
Members of Company D, First Regi
ment, League of. the Cross Cadets, gave
an exhibition drill yesterday afternoon to
the inmates of the Almshouse. and. fur
ther entertained them with sonus. recl
tatlons and piano selections. Company D
is working hard to retain the officers'
trophy, for whlrh the competitive drill will
take place at the Mechanics' Pavilion on
June &.
Repentant Hypocrites of To-Day.
H. H. Somers of the Universal Brother
hood addressed an audience at Academy
of Sciences Hall last night on the subject
of "Repentant Hypocrltrs." He took his
text from Matthew 23. The speaker held
that all men are more or less hypocrites.
He said that charity should be extended
to the unthinking masses, they not hav
ing been schooled by their more advanced
religious teachers as to the source of
their strength and weakness which was
th- vjrh.ity. iind notlnsr the Incident gave
chase. In a nu'iTH-nt he was riding close
to the Infuriated anima:?. and at the prop
er time deftly throw his lariat about the
reck of one of them and gradually
brought th«m to a standstill within 1(A)
yards from where they bad Etarted.
Mr. Welch was loud* in his praise of the
<julck action r.n the part of Captain Thom
son and thankfd him profusely for avert
tr.jrv.-ji.it would surely have been a serious
acdflfEt.
Captain Thomson Shows His Clever
Horsemanship in Averting a
Serious Accident.
Andrew Welch, residing at 1090 Eddy
Ftrr-et. was driving a spirited team
through Golden Gate Park Saturday af
ternoon, about 3 o'clock. When opposite
the lodge the horses became unmanage
able and ran away at a breakneck speed.
Park Poiice Captain Thomson was In
MAKES A NEAT STOP
OF A PARK RUNAWAY
Julian Rix has a couple of landscapes
in the fame gallery, evidently Eastern
which well illustrate the difference be
tween that and Californian atmos-
Tiiere. Very low in tone are these land
scape?, and therefore pleasant to turn to
from the eternal brilliancy — It has Irrev
erently been termed "brasslness" of our
own clime.
There are In the same gallery a couple
of Thomas Hill's smaller Yosemlte scenes*
some delightful "Roses" of Alice B. Chlt
tenden's: a couple of watercolors by Chris
Jorgenson. too fO'grht In subject a"nd fin-
Isn for the size of the pictures, and a fine
"Tarr.alpais" by Eugene Cadanasso.
Sidney J. Yard of San Jose shows some
rood watercolors this week In the local
galleries. They are mostly sketches
around and about Monterey. Mr. Yard
has been happy In catching the California
glow— sometimes. This artist's work Is
curiously unequal, both in color and man
ner. Oftentimes brilliant, clear and quite
convincing in color. It Is occasionally mud
dy and off key. While characteristically
rather hard, almost photographic in meth
od. It sometimes, though seldom, lapses
Into a soft woollinei«s like that of some
old English watercolors. But Mr. Yard
reaches a high artistic level in his b»-st
work, where the tendency to excess of de
tail is restrained and his true and lumin
ous color sense comes uppermost.
W. L. Judson of Los Angeles has an
interesting autumn landscape on exhibi
tion in one of the galleries. He has a
broad technique, nice ~-neeption of tone
values and a happy and original method
or getting atmosphere Into his work.
C. Chapel Judson goes shortly to Pacific
Grove for a two monuis' painting trip.
Harry W. Seawell. son of Judge Seawell,
has a trio, of Interesting drawings on ex
hibition in town. Mr. Sr-awell's work
shows much promise, but perhaps It were
wiser for him to avoid yet the incredible
in effect.
. ART AND ARTISTS.
George W. Brovm Anxiously Seeking
the Whereabouts cf His Twin
Brother.
George W. Brown, janitor of the Con-
KTegatior.al Church on Fifteenth street,
called at the Mnrpye yesterday inquiring
(Or hi? twin brother. B&mue) M. Brown.
According to Brown, his brother had been
acting as his assistant and they occupied
a. room attached to the church.
On last Friday Sam left the church at
I 1 ) o'clock In the forenoon, saying ho would
return at 4 o'clock. Since that time he
lias not been seen or heard of. When last
*=een he wac dressed in a dark cutaway
coat and Mack trousers. He carried no
nrmpy with him so far as his brother
knows, although he had money in bank
and also in a safe deposit vault.
The unexplained absence of his brother
Jb worrying Mr. Brown very much. The
missing man is about 40 years of ape
Ftands 5 feet 11 inches in height, weighs
about 3C5 pounds and has dark hair and
pray eyes*.
CHURCH JANITOR HAS
STRANGELY DISAPPEARED
Mill Man Killed.
GRASS VALLEY. May 27.— Fred Titus,
an old and experienced mill' man,* met a
horrible death this morning in the mill of
the W. Y. O. D. mine. While working back
of the stamps his body In some manner
was caught by the rapidly revolving: belts
p.nd he was instantly hurled to his death.
The body was horribly mangled and the
head badly crushed. He leaves a widow
and one son. Tho mine and mill have sus
pended operations until after the funeral,
which will be held Tuesday under the aus
pices of Madison Lodge, F. and A. M.
Mrs. Gladstone Slowly Sinking.
LONDON, May 2S.— The illness of Mrs.
Gladstone Is now reported to be more se
rlous. Her Btrength Is gradually falling
and the members of the family have been
summoned to Hawarden.
AUCKLAND. N. Z.. May 2S.— The King
of the Tonga Islands objects to the clause
of the treaty between Great Britain and
the island Government relative to the
British protectorate. The King desires a
protectorate only against foreign powers,
and insists upon the kingship for himself
and his descendants. Commissioner
Thompson refuses to make any conces
sions and a deadlock Is the result, but
hopes are" entertained that a solution of
the difficulty will be found.
TONGA'S KING OBJECTS.
Considers British Protectorate Too
Far-Reaching.
Futile Attempt to Move the British
Muleship Carinthia.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 27.— The
Proserpine returned to-day from the
wreck of the Cunard line steamer Carin
thia, which grounded oi. May 15 at Point
Gravois, Haytl. while proceeding from
New Orleans for Capo Town with 1400
mules, on board. She reports that she
could not move the steamer off the rocks.
Arrangements have been made with a
wrecking company to cave the vessel if
possible. One thousand mules have been
safely landed. The other 400 were lost
FAST ON THE HOCKS.
Prospectors May Be Unable to Locate
Any New Claims.
TACOMA. May 27.— Powers of attorney
have been used so extensively at Cape
Nome this winter that it is doubtful that
If any of the 20,000 men now rushing
northward will be able to secure claims
in Nome, York or the contiguous dis
tricts.
Abner Ellis, a mining expert, writing
from Juneau early in March, says that
several hundred men at Nome have spent
the entire winter locating thousands of
claims for themselves and for others by
power of attorney. It is yet unknown at
Nome whether the powers of attorney
will be recognized by the Federal officers
arriving this summer to administer the
laws.
Ellis says the rich part of the beach so
far a^ prospected Is limited to ten miles.
Mrs. Elizabeth Deming Duer King
Passes Away at Her Home
in Newport.
NEWPORT, R. I., May 28.— Mrs. Eliza
beth Deming Duer King, who was for
merly prominent in New York society, is
dead, aged S9 years. She was a descend
ant of William Alexander, known as
Lord Sterling, the Revolutionary hero.
Her last appearance In a formal social
gathering was at Ward McAllister's fa
mous centennial New Year's ball, where
she danced In a genuine old-time minuet
as she danced it in her younger days.
Mrs. M. King Van Renssalaer and Mrs.
Frederick Bronson of this city are daugh
ters of Mrs. King.
William Duer, whose daughter recently
married Clarence Mackay. is a nephew of
Mrs. King, whilp her connections in the
King, Duer and Van Renssalaer families
here are almost countless.
NOME WELL STAKED.
DEATH OF A NOTED
EASTERN SOCIETY LEADER
Summoned Before the Commissioners
Hie Disappears. Taking His
Star Along.
Policeman Highland has disappeared. A
fovr days ag-o Chief Sullivan suspended
liiKhlar.d for not living up to the rules of
the department. An officer was sent to
notify him of the action of the Chief and
aJ«o to notify him to be present at the
meeting cf the Police Commissioners to-
BJorrow r.ieht.
Kichland couM not be found his rela
tives. discUixoisg all knowledge of his
whereabouts. A\ hen his disappearance
WTia r. ported to Chief Sullivan he consult
ed the Comrnisioners. with the result that
lehland's nam* was stricken from the
roil cf the department.
It is reported that Highland, evidently
civinSritr the- result cf an investigation of
r.'.s conduct by the Commissioners, packed
..!« grip after borrowing all the money
he ceuid ar.d started for Cape Nome. If
he will only send hack his star, which he
rook with him. Chief Sullivan says he will
forgive him for his pa?t Indiscretions.
POLICEMAN HIGHLAND
DROPS OUT OF SIGHT
Myron H. Jones Drops From the
Deck of the Uklah.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. May 27.— Myron H.
Jones went to his death In the bay from
the steamer Uklah last night at 12 o'clock,
as the steamer was entering the Tiburon
Blip. His body was recovered this morn
ing: by Deputy Coroner Eden and placed
in the San Rafael Morgue.
Mr. Jones was well known In this city
He was a good musician and at different
times has officiated as organist in local
churches. For some time past h«» has
(riven evidence of mental trouble, and It
Is believed he committed suicide while
temporarily Insane. He wag 45 years of
age and unmarried. -
New Oil Combine.
TOLEDO, Ohio. May 27.— The Producers
Oil Company, the Producers and Refiners
Oil Company, the United States Pine
Company and the Pure Oil Company have
formed a combination under a single
head. It will be known hereafter as the
Pure Oil Company." The company, it u
understood, is capitalized at $5,000,000.
American Sugar Company to Open
Stock Yards Near Oxnard.
Special Dispatch to The Call
VENTURA. May 27.-The official an
nouncement is made that the American
Beet Sugar Company will establish near
Oxnard mammoth stockyards, involving
the expenditure of thousands of dollars
The exact location Is not yet determined"
but it will be between Oxnard and the
ocean, possibly along the shore, which is
four miles from the sugar factorv The
company will at once lay a railroad track
to a suitable tract of- land and establish
stock-feeding yards. It will erect build
ings for the accommodation of the neces
sary force of men to handle from 3000 to
5000 head of stock. Silos will be built so
as to use the beet puln during the entire
year. Both cattle and sheep fatten ran-
Jdly on beet pulp. * l n rap
During the last season at the factorv no
systematic use was made of the beet nuln
after the saccharine matter was extracted
The bulk of the pulp went with the waste
water to the ocean. By the establishment
of Ftock-feedfnsj yards it is proposed to
utilize all of the beet pulp. Stock in ears
can be taken direct to the yards or
brought in by boat and shipped out when
fattened and ready for the market In the
same manner. The company with Its own
rolling stock can take the beet pulp as It
comes from the factory to the silos. In
this connection is also contemplated the
encouraging of the establishing of an ex
tensive creamery plant. When the loca
tion of the yards is settled the company
will make further announcements concern
ing its new investment.
DROWNED IN THE BAY.
Believed That an Accident Happened
Her Machinery, as She Is Gen
erally on Time.
™ YORK. May 2S.-The American
liner .New \ork from Southampton came
Into port last night, almost two days over
- U 4' r, ™ W^f f lghted from Flr e Island at
bat- ail^Yeht 1 ' at m anch °r clown the
$£¦ fhi s n n?o h rnln| he !g COme " P t0 ' her
D ?e d ak r in ttt^^ »*« a
#ILL UTILIZE BEET PULP
OVERDUE STEAMER
NEW YORK IN PORT
Huntington Confirms, the Story That
the Line Is to Be Extended From
Southern California.
SALT LAKE. Utah. May 27.-C. P.
Huntlnjjton, president of the Southern Pa
cific Company, accompanied by a party of
prominent railroad officials, arrived in Og
den to-day. They were joined by Presi
dent Burt and several other officers of the
Union Pacific, and aftf-r a short stop pro
ceeded on their way East.
In an interview Mr. Huntln e ton con
firmed the statement recently made thai
his road would extend Its line from South
nf n thS ali r £oi 7 1 , a to , L l tah - The construction
of this road Is of the greatest importance
«alVT a a h Uo mean , tnK mu , cli ior the future of
fcalt Lake, and assuring Ogden of further
k d r d «f°?£ t0 . ltS Clalm ** the raUway cen
te £ of .i he intermountain country
th^olr^nn " u n""KWn also admitted that
hiitit h,?t and Colorado cutoff would be
vprv'imu said^he work would amount to
11/ \\ } ' a ? e dls *ance between Keeler
and Mojave is less than 100 miles • nkLeier
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
WILL BUILD TO UTAH
Billy Abbott, the tenderloin saloon
keeper ami politician, was arrested last
rlsht on Pine street by Officers Kriimer
?. i.<- V" ° Connor, and charged at the
Callfrrnia-ctreet Station with disturbing
the pr-aco. Abbott became so loud in do"
clarity his Intention to "break" every offP
t^he C ceU ati ° n - at he — .thr,V,n in
"Billy" Had Been to a Picnic.
"OAKLAND, May 27.— The police raided
the klnetoscope parlors of Green & Ken
dall on Seventh street near Broadway,
to-night, arresting Frank Green, one of
the proprietors of the place, ana confiscat
ing thirteen of the nickel-in-the-slot ue
vlces. The charge against Green is that
of exhibiting obscene pictures. The ac
tion of the police was tha result of »r«»,, s
refusal to remove the boxes after notifica
tion yestemav from police headquarters
rnat the exhibition ot the alleged obiec
tionable views would no longer be tol
erated.
Report was made to Chief Hodgkins by
Night Captain of Police Peterson concern-
Ing the nature of the pictures and the
proprietors were told that they must cease
showing them in connection with their
phonographs. This afternoon Captain of
Police Wilson inspected the pictures, some
of which hatl been removed since yester
day's order was made. His report upon
them was the same as that of Captain
Peterson. Sergeant McKinley, under or
ders from Captain Peterson, raided the
establishment to-night and all of the ma
chines were sent to the City Prison. Green
was released on a $100 bond. Complaints
against him will be sworn to to-morrow
by the police.
Green has retained Attorney L.. S.
Church and says he will fight the police.
This Is the first raid upon such devices
which the police have made In this city.
They claim that their action was warrant
ed in that the moving views which have
been on exhibition are, according to the
reports of both police captains, of such
a character as to be within the meaning
of the State law under which the raid was
maae.
OBSCENE KINETOSCOPES
TAKEN IN BY POLICE
ISIDOR FENSTER
rnarT 1 t-Ii-H 'i? J he mortal and immortal
v, .. religious teachinps of to-day
f«,.M?T °* ! , because they are not the
teaching"? of Jesus Christ but the teach
ings of repentant hypocrites who exact a
tithe of gold for their services
It Is more than likely that a lar^e Inde
pendent cannery will be erected next sea-
Bon. R. Hickmott has offered to take
110,000 worth of stock and other leading
prowers have signified their Intention of
subscribing freely, so that the success of
the project seems assured.
This ha.« been a •wreek of vital interest to the
fruit men of this valley. The fruit men would
have undoubtedly won their fight with the
canners* combine had they not been thrown
down in a most cold-blooded manner by a few
men who had given their word of hono. to
Etan<i by the growers. This treachery Is plalnly
referred to to by the conference committee.
Meesrs Meek. Parsons and Cary. and they do
not hesitate to say that it knocked everything:
into a corked hat and prevented a moat suc
cessful adjustment of the cherry question, and
given the growers a frreat prestige in the
future.
The growers have come to the conclu
sion that the fruit season Is already upon
them, and that it is too late to do much
for the present year, but they are work
ing on the project for an independent can
nery that will be outside of the combine
and operated by the growers themselves.
This seems to be the solution of the
problem lhat confronts the growers.
Meanwhile they have an organization that
Is an excellent basis upon which to work,
and which will develop into a fruit ex
change if nothing more.
The Havwards Journal charges that the
attempted corner in cherries was broken
by some one Inside the growers' organiza
tion. It says:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, May 27.
The fruit gTowors of Alameda County
failed In their efforts to actually combine
upon cherries, but they succeeded in rais
ing the price a cent a pound over that first
offered by the cannery combine.
Would Have Won Their
Fight but for Unlooked-
For Treachery.
FRUIT GROWERS
WERE BETRAYED
TO THE COMBINE
Mr. English proposes to make a gen
eral tour of the Alaskan coast and may
go as far as St. Michael before he reaches
Cape Nome., His son. Norrls English,
who Is a mining engineer, departed a week
ago for that mecca of gold Keekers.
The absence of Mr. English leaves little
probability of a contest among the Ala
meda County Democrats for representa
tion in the national convention. The
County Committee has arranged all pre
liminaries for a primary election for dele
gates to the State convention, but the pri
maries will, to all appearances, be merely
a formal selection of those men who will
be selected by the various ward and town
ship eommitteemen.
The nature of Mr. English's enterprise
in the north has not been disclosed. It is
understood that he goes with a definite
purpose In view and that he has strong
reasons for believing he will meet with
linancial success.
Before Mr. English tlocided to venture
into Alaskan projects he had been men
tioned as a possible candidate for dele
gate from the Third Congressional Dis
trict to the Democratic National Conven
tion. Ills departure from the State elimi
nates him from consideration.
"Warren M. English, the Democratic pol
itician, has abandoned the strife of party
feud to seek fortune In the Alaskan
v.ilds. The well-known v/arhorse will
leave to-morrow for the north, to take
steamer for the tipper coast. His desti
nation will eventually be Cape Nome, but
for the present the traveler has some in
terests in other sections of the Territory
to which he will give attention.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 27.
¦Will Prospect Along the Coast of
the Territory and Expects to
Find Fortune Before He
Returns.
Warren English, Democratic
Stalwart, Leaves for
the North.
DROPS POLITICS
TO SEARCH FOR
ALASKA'S GOLD
Pretty Httle Olr>ry Quayle Anderson was
n happy young wife and mother until her
head was turned by the flattery of her
friends and acquaintances. gji e -was told
BO maay times that plain John Anderson
vtM not the man she should have chosen
for a. husband that she anally began to
beU«ve f=he had made a mistake But
John An.'.erpr.n -was a pood man. a kind
nnstand. and provided well for his family,
so far as necessities vrer.t at least. Sh<?
oould not fail to realize all this when she
save herself time to think seriously but
she teas kept too busy listening to the
persaufra gabble cf the mischief makers
cr reading- paper-covered romantic novels
to devote much serious consideration to
the matter. She had been rechristened
Olory Quayle because cf her resemblance,
ehe was told, to the heroine of the much
discussed and much admired book "Th*
Christian." and she wanted to do' some
thing- romantic. This wish pew pradu
,**t, a Vv Untll ,, lt v *lopeU into a craving and
«rl w 11 * 1 a^^rbed all her thoughts.
v 1^ husband ceased to be regarded bv
bcr -with the love and affection to which
ne was entitled and which she had once
restowed freely upon him. She even be
pan to neglect her baby, and finally, when
the Traa Introduced to euave, curly-haired,
pood looking Arthur Jones, she thought
Fh© had at last found her Ideal. Arthur
was not much of an idea)— he was simply
a. piano player eking: out a precarious
fr.ftenc«, but Glory was in love, or
thought she was. and when he proposed
that eh© desert her homely husband and
her llttl© baby she agreed with scarcely
a pang-. *
She was very- happy for a while. But
one day eh© rr-ceived a rude awakening-.
The piano player was tired of her and
frankly told her so, and thfr h n left her
In tears.
Glory eonJd not go back to the hus
3->and she had deserted, and she shuddered !
vrsea she thought of whnt she might be
<]r.vcn to.
Last night Glory met the fickle Arthur
raid pleaded with him to take her back.
iTie piano player brutally repulsed her
and then, in a frenzy of despair, she grab
bed a eall file and Jabbed it Into her
breast. 8he wanted to kill herself, but
the wound, while painful, was not fatal.
The girl— *he is only 15— was taken to the
BecetTlns Ho-spital and the doctors ap
plied Boocblnff lotions to the wound. !
Jobs Anderson had just returned to the
city from a trip up the coast, when he
hoard that his wife had attempted to
commit »u!eid«*. He hurried at once to
the ru^eeiving Hospital and at the sight
Glory lying pale and wan en a coi !
in the woman's ward all his love for the '.
erring wife returned. He knelt by her
*=-..}* and there in the presence of the docj
tow ar.d nurses poured out his forglve-
T..-*s. Glory Quayle Anderson suddenly
realized the true meaning of love and
sobbed her repentance In her husband's i
arms. The reconciliation was complete.
Husband and wife agreed to bury the
T>a-«=t and live henceforth for each other
and their child. They left the hospital I
together, tearful hut happy. I
I>ercrted.
Glory Qnayle Anderson Deserts tlie
Kan She Married lor a Piano
Flayer and Is in Turn
Reconciliation at Receiving
Hospital Alter Attempt
at Suicide
ERRING YOUNG
WIFE FORGIVEN
BY HER HUSBAND
LEADER ENTERTAINS
OLYMPIA ORCHESTRA
THE SAN JfUANOISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 28, 1900.
J7SIDOR FENSTER. celebrated last night the second anniversary of his en-
I garment as .lirector of the orchestra at the Olympia with a dinner for the
i! entire orchestra and twenty or more Invited guests. Professor Fenster has
cut considerable of a figure in musical circles in this city ever since the
days when he « u a member of the original Hungarian orchestra brought to
America by the late Gustav "Walter in 18ST. B l lo
Upon the disbanding of the orchestra the several members found emolov
rnent in San Francisco, and at lean four of them have been promptly
before the public of this city as leaders of orchestras. A feature of the ban
,uet tendered by Professor Fenster was the serving of some rare o d Hun-'
sarian wines, imnortert hv him fnr tht« rw™<,i™ O!U " un "
7
O'CLOCK A. 11 SHARP.
Bookings now being made for second salllns
S. S. ZEALANDIA.
For freight and passenger rates apply at
office
The ALASKA EXPLORATION CO., 139 PostSt.
POSITIVE SAILING
SATURDAY JUNE 2
FROM STEUART-STREET WHARF at 10
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
WILL, DISPATCH FROM SAN FRAXCISCO
DIRECT FOR NOIE
The -well-known "Alaska Flyer" and most
popular boat in the Alaska service,
S. S. HUMBOLDT.
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AND YALLEJQ,
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "Monticello."
MOX.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m. ; S:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. I>andlnK and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IMS.
FARE Me
AUCTION SALES
£^ AUCTION SALE!
Two carloads of well-bred, jrentle, brok»
HORSES from HUSEMAN STOCK FARM. Sla-
kiyou County. A trial of 34 hours given ait
THIS (MONDAY)" MORNING May 2S. 1300
At 11 o'clock.
The highest bidder the buyer, regardless oS
price. Stock Is now at salesyard.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 Howard Street, near Third.
WIUJAM G. LATNO, Auctioneer.
a "
AUCTION SALE.
£s> £^> £a»
THIS DAY.
MONDAY. May 2s. at 1:30 o'clock p. m..
At SWITZERS SALES YARDS, Twelfth and
Harrison sts.,
I will sell 12 head of HEAVY DRAUGHT
HORSES, suitable for contractors or ranch
¦work; also Si head cf Horses, suitable for all
purposes. This stock must be sold.
3. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
Office— Twelfth and Harrison sts.
EXTRA FINE AUCTION SALE
Of Elegant FURNITURE. CARPETS and
BABY GRAND STEINWAY PIANO.
On TUESDAY. May 29. 19C0. at 10:20 a. ra..
At No. 1413 OEAHY ST.. near Laguna.
San Francisco.
By order of J. ISAACSON. Esq.. on account of
leavlnjt for Europe, I am Instructed to sell tha
elegant Furniture of this 9-room dwelling,
containing a frreat assortment of costly, orna-
mental and useful Furniture, an extended list
of which is advertised In tn-day"s Chronicle.
M. MARCUSE. Auctioneer.
630 Market st., San Francisco.
9H Broadway. Oakland.
EMIL COHN. AUCTIONEER,
WILL SELL TO-DAY (Monday) at 11 o'clock
a. m., at 2516B Sutter st.. elegant oak furnish-
ings and upright piano: house complete in every
detail and worth attending.
EMIL COHN'. Auctlone-r.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
ooiiTHKni i'uiyn: con?117.
(r»ciri« nvtrsM.)
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
LBavc — Fkoii Mat 13. 1900. — *bmt»
*7:OOa Benlcla. Sulsun, Klmin. VacaTd*.
Kamwj »u«l Sunnemo *7:»3»
•?iO«a Shasta Kxprrsv-Lmtu Williams (for
Bartlett Btrtsgi). Willows. KeU
fclutf. i'ortlaud. '7jl.Tr
*<:3V* JlatUnes. mu ltmninn,YalIe]o. Nspa,
t!»ii«t. *% •i.ilM.mt Hum *«i!3p
*S:OO* Di.ii, WuoOJaud. KutghU Leading.
>1 »r» ¦ » t! ir. < *roilll« •7iI3f
*1iO<>« Atlautio Kxpresa— Ogdea and E*at *II:I5*
••::i»*H*u Jiie. Llrermoi*. Htucktnii,
I 'in 8. haoraiiiauU). I'Uc nl'ia,
M-.r»»tl'>. thiou. KoU Itlmf *4:l3r
•»:3Oa O»kil*le. ChiaeM (for YoMmite).
3 >i,«.r». Cmttttn *lil5p
•0:OO« Hajwaril*. Nun.uil «¦'»» MUtlnni. *l 1 J I**
•U:O«>a Los Angsles f.xpreu — Utrtlnoz,
Ttocy. Lathrop, aiociton. Mrrcnl
and Kri'inu # Bl-13p
•!>-.»<** Vallrj... M*rtl:i«i »n,l Wa» Hiatinns •«il.1v
¦l():»ii» Th« OverUii'l IJ'i.i'ed— Ogdeu. l>eu-
Tcr. Uinalia. Chlca« •9il3v
•!!:«« a Nil-i. Ijteriuore, Mticiton, Sacra-
tneiito, Vendota, llaufard. Viaalla,
hurterfllle Mil.ir
•I«:A»M Haywardj. N'il-ii ai-1 Way StaUon*. •»»«»»
tl:U»r Sitrrameiito lti»«r Mteimxra ff>:Oi» %
•:t:«l>r KaywanU. Silt » ami Way Station*. "Jil.1 p
•l;u»p Maiilimx. Man lUmnn. Vallejo.
N»|ia. ralintoga. Hmmlm Itnaa *tfil3a
•ltO»r limicia. WinUn, Haerainenia,
WiMMllaiul. Ki.iijlits iMull'ii.
M ir»«i;i», On.till^ •¦•:49*
•l::i'*p Ni;r*. .Sail .Ii.kohikI St-ic.tuii •Tll.'lr
••VOOrTlw Owl Limited— Tracy. Kre«uo.
JlakenSeM. Haugiis for n»u tt liir-
Uara. lum AnKelm '»iI3a
•3:00r Fruauo l'»»eaz«— Mutiurx. Lath*
rop. BtucKtou, Mitreol. Berenda
(Knynxmdfor YoarniiMt). H rr«, ¦•...•! atlSr
'.istlOp New (rl'an* £xi>r»a— lta««mii.|t>.
Maiitit !l»rlmra. I .us AngRlea. l'i-:n-
fef, Zl Pun, ;;<;.» Ofleans and
K<ut 'Siirj*
•3ilSp Hanta r« i:.>iitr>— AMantic ExpttM
U Mn)»ra iml r»«t *«U3r
•B:»'ir lUvw.tnl*. Nile* aitU .Ian Jo»« *7: 1-1 »
l«:Ol>r Vaileji ¦ I Jil.tr
•••iO»r oriental MiUI-Ogtleo. Cliejrnn*,
Omaha. Chicago '11:13*
*wtO0p Oriental Mall— Ogrten. Deuter.
Oraaha. Clilca«u *4il3p
t7iO«p V.li-j... Port emit and Way ata.
tlona 19:."»5p
•B:O3r Oresun and California Kxprom.Haa.
rxinriiM, Marimille Uetlilliif,
r.»rtl»i..l. l't,ii>t .S.i.m,J an. I Kant *¦:!»».
t'Oivr ttiVlNioN darvm* Umml,
lr<K,t.f M^rkptStreel.l
t~:45» B«dU IJrni IJxcuriion for Santa
Cruz and rrmoii 1 *! Vf*J Stations ;<l:OSp
*SiISa Nei»arii,r-i:tiTfii!",SAii.l.i«t., I i ;tnn.
IluiiMi-r Crrek.Sai.ia Cruz aud Was
BUUoi.a •GjSUp
taiISp Newark. CenterTiile. Sau Jom, New
Alma<leu. Kolton, Itnnidnr Creek.
Bauta Crux aod 1'rlucly*! Way
.Station* f t«ts.1t>*
•<il5p Newark. Sau Jo«e. Loa Gatns 'Hi. 1 ***
q4>l«p OlgQwood. Fe'ton. Baata Cru» e»ia»*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fnaSll r«U0JSCO— mt «r Itirktt Strut (S!i»S)—
Tis ;s "«;i •» * 2:3 trz >
turn UilUSD — faol •"Bfj.Jw. t. — 'C. 00 B:00 1000* M.
t»:33 "I:C3 U:33 ; 3::3 ti-03 'ICSrii.
COAST DIVISION (llroa.Hianire).
f.Mr'l and To«n»eiMJ Sk)
# tSilO« Oceiui Vi«w. .Sixith haa Franciacn.. t«:;i«»
r t?<O»A Man Jum and W.y Ktatl..im (New
.• — Almadeit Wednesdays only) 'IsSOt
17: JO* Sunday Excursion f r Han Jofle,
Santa Cruz, PaciSo Grove ana
Principal Way Stations tS>33v
•WiO»* Han Jiwe. Tim !>!•••«. Hanta Crm.
raeltie Cruia, 1'at.i Kulilrs. Mau
l.iiia ()i.i«[.n, .Surf, Loinpoc and
rrincinal Way MUtluiis "Jrlop
¦In: In* Ban Jo«e and Way .Stations ••:».•»»
•lliXO« ManJnup.LoiGatocMiMl WaySUtions *3i»Op
fa:|.'»r San Mat>o. lErtlwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. HanUCIan. Han .Ios«.
Tres Plnos. Santa Crm. Salinas.
Monterey a:>d PacMe GroT» t>A:3fl\
t^:Sop Han Joa« and Way Stations •~>3»p
t-l:ISp San Joaeaad Principal Way Station* "J:I5»
t3:OOp8an Joae. Loe Gatos and Prioeisal
Way SUtioos tfl:On»
•3t30p SaoJoja ami Principal Way Stations t*:I5A
»wi.1Op San Jcsaaml Way Stations (*:OU A
*\\:l\e San Jo«g*iiJ Way 8ratlon» »7:30p
A for Mornti.f P toi Afternoon.
* Daily. t Sunday axeepted. \ Sunday only.
b Saturday only,
a Saturday and SimUy t Sunday and Mondar.
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN BY. CO*
LESSEE
SAN FRAHCISGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Martet St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:C0. 11:00 a. m.; 1J:JS»
3:80. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:11 o. m. Saturday*— Extra trlx>a at 1:M
and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:S0. U:00 a. ra. : 1:30. J:38.
6:00. 1:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRAJfCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:10. »:20. 11:10 a. ra.; 13:43,
1:40. 8:15 p. m. Saturday*— Extra, trip* at
1:55 and •:*$ D. m.
SUNDAYS— 4:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. a.: 1:40. >:40.
S:05. t:U p. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Sdraotzen Part!
same schedul* as above.
Leav* I In EJTect. I Arrlv*
San FrsmelacOL I Apr. IS. 1900.1 San Frandsoo. _
Wnk I Sun- J I Sun- I Week
Days. [ dart, f Destination.] day*. ] Days.
7:30 am 8:00 fm N'ovatix 10:40 am 3:43 &sa
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petalumaw »:06 pm 10:15 am
6:1} pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pnx
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:38 ana
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
O«ysennile.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Clorerdale. 7:33 pm C:£0pss
7:30 ami I Hopland I 110:25 ami
3:33 pm I 8:00 am[ and Ulclah. I 7:1" pm; *:20pm>
!¦¦ >am 10:25 anx
8:M am Gueraerllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm 1:20 PT3
7:30 am 8:00 am' Sonoma 9:15 am S:40am
I and
8:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. «:05 pm «:2O pm.
7:30 am | 8:00 ami [10:40 am!19:23 an
3:30 pm} 5:00 pm| Seba«topol. I 7:35 prfti B:W pm
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for XTark 'Wast
Sprlnira and White Pulphur Spring*: at Fnlten
for Altniria: at Lytton for Lytton Spring's: at
G^yserrlUe for Skaggs Bprlnw: at aoverdal#
for the Geysem: at Hopland for Duncan
Pprtri*^. Highland Sprln«. Kelseyrille. Carls-
bad Sprlnirs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga.
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lleriey**. Bucknell'a.
Sanhedrin Helihts. Hullvllle. Orr'a Hot
Springs. Mendoclna City. Fort Braggr. W»st-
port, Usal. Wllltts. Lartonville. Cummlna.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia,
and. Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trtp tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 650 Markst St.. Chronicle bldr.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
/^ Ik Dt ' bon?s Dispensary,
6ff*lC«Ba ln I * 54 ior tbe treatment oi Private
ffrVlirvfrT IMseaws, Lost ManhoorL L>ebillty or
•faBJaCvWHi rtlsfase «"e«rlnE on bod jand mind and
MflHMH Skin Dlsenaes. Th» doctor cures when
AflMUKS] others fall. Try him. Charges low.
«>CaSEKdSs ('nr4»gruarnntre\l. Callortrrita.
Or. J. «*. OIBBO.V, Box l»37,Saa fraadUo*.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, lpm
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllne at
Kobe (Hlopo). Nasrasakl and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with stenmers for In-
dia, e.c. No cargo received on board on day
of sallinc
SS. HONGKONG 1IARU
Thursday. June 14. 1900
SS. NIPPON MARIT Tuesday, July 10 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU ;
Friday. August 3. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and pansn<?e apply nt company's office.
421 Market strict, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
TOYO RISEN KAMA.
COMPAQNIE QENERALE TRANSATLAJfTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^y^
Palllne every Thursday instenfl of <T^n2j?
Saturday, from November 2, 1839. at •>•'¦»**->
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton ft. L.A TOURAINE. May 31; LA
BRETACJNK. June 7; LA LORRAINE. June 14:
LA CHAMPAGNE. June 21. First class to
Havre. $60 and upward: a p*r cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre, $45: 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AOENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, 33 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Apents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
land and Australia Wed.. June 13, 8 p. m.
Jt 0. SPKECKELS & BROS. CO., «gts.. i<J Montpomen
Pier 7. Pool Pacific SL FreieMOtfr? ??¦> Market St
OCEATTTC S. S. CO.-HON*OI,UI.U, APIA
AliCKLAXD AND SYDNEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. May 30. 1900. 2 p. m.
S S HIARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
BAXXROAD T2AVEL.
£v j P,
&
i6 P
I Philadelphia |
R AND RLTLRN via g
i Santa Fe I
I Route.., i
O Tickets Sold June §
* 12th and 13th good g
P to return 60 days, p
| Office, 628 Market St. |
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Mallo l
on Application.
COAL. COKH AND V\Q 1ROX
f T WII SftV ft fft 90 ° B ««ery Street.
.'• if UlLoUll Ct CU-. Telephone Main 1864.
ATTORNEY.
F. TI. MERZBACH. lawyer. 50.T Cal.. Clunie b«
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLTTH. Mgr.
C W CMITH -Ship Plumbing. Steamboat and
\r TT» O.llllll. Ship Work a specialty. IS and
IS Washington et. Telephone Main B641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IiC KAVCC ft rO Shipping Butchers. 104
JAb- BUlti a tv. Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
i wi.NriN j.
F- C RUGRE5. m Sansome st.'. S. F.
'Z STATIONBf* AND PRINTER.
TeI oSe p » hlc PARTRIDGE ""SKST 11 *
WHITE ASH SIEAM COAL, SUPiuAS
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN-
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Bent Coal In th«
market. Office and Yards — 450 Main street.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing- April 12. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
¦ WEEK DAYS— 7:00, *S:30. 9;30. 11:00 *, o,.
3?:45, -1:45, 3:15, 4:15. •3:15, 6:1$. C40 p. m
EXTRA TIUPS-For Mill Valley ana Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at S:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:W>. «S:CO. •3:00. «10:00. 11:00 11 -a»
a. m.; 12:45, »l:30. 2:30. •3:45. 6:00. 8:00 7::»
p. m.
11:00 a. ra. does not run to Saa Itafae! Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. 't:ZO. 7:50. 8:40 •10-15 «I
m.: 12:30. 1:15. !:15, »3:3O. 4:30. 5:30 p. m "
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at »6:45 and 10:20 n. m
SUNDAYS— 6:15. •3:00. *8:5O. '11:00a. m • •12-co
m.; 3:00. 2:13. «J:30. *:Z0. 'SMS. S:4j. 1:30. io^m
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN' FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:53. «:45. 8:00. 8:35 Uioil
m.: lt:3S. 1:45. 8:43. 3:30. 4:50. 5:20 p ra '
EXTRA TRIP'S on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— €:3u. 8:03, 10:C5. 11:10 a. m.- u«
1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 4:55. 6:13. 7:05. 10:30 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. on. Saturdays — Caxadero and way sta-
tions.
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays exceptetJ)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
S:CO a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and wa*
sutlers.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
MILL VALLEY AND MOUNT TAMALPAIS
BCENIC RAILWAY— Commencing Sunday
April 22. 1S00. via Sausalito Ferry. Week
days— Leave San Francisco, 9:30 a. m.. 1:43
p. m. Sundays— Leave San Francisco 8 a. m.
9 a. m.. 10 a. m.. 11 a. m., 1:30 p. m., 2-30
p. m. Wednesday. May 30 (Decoration day)
trains will run on Sunday time. Tickets can
be purchased at the Sausalito Fe'rry, north
end of the Union Ferry Depot, foot of Mar-
ket st.. San Francisco. Fare, round trip from
San Francisco. U 10.
*s4/ff£r5£te&*fiB ™ a fi 1<I * non-poiscr.om
g -\dHEpfijP^^*"fr*rr l M remedy for Gonorrhcea.
//mm/pr QPllEis'Ma Glert. Spe r mo tor r hoea,
S&gW Ja 1 to S dmjs.'Ba White*, unnatural Mm
MfjSff Ooinaucd jl char^n, or any inflr-^mv
aPmrn not to •srktare. tion, lirritation or uicer*
Pfa^?Pr«Tta^ eonufloa. tion ot oocom ruei»-
B^irHEtVANSCHEMinJiCo. branes. Noo-«atrin B ent.
1^S\CIKC1N»ATI.O .B8WB Sold by BrowKisbt,
MBMk v.i. a 3Br or ie>nt in p 1 *^ ' w ''»p?««',
i«gs. express, prepaid, fof
V&rafiBVCP'K k 00 ' or > kottiea, firs.
f^\ Valencia
SAN FRANCISCO MAY 26
SEATTLE MAY 31
SECOND TRIP.
LEAVES SEATTLE JULY 3
FIRST-CLASS LIGHTERAGE FACILITIES
For passenger and freight rates apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.,
SO California St., S. F.
313 1st Ave. South, Seattle.
AMERICAN LINE.
KIT TORE. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARI1
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York »vcrv Wednesday. 10 a. ra.
New York May 3r| New York June 10
St. Paul June 6 St. Paul June 27
St. Louis June 13, St. Louis July 4
RED STAr* LINE.
New YorK end Antv/?-».
From New Tcrk every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington May SOlSouthwark June ;;l
Noordland June 6 Westernland June 27
Friesland June 13' Kensington July 4
tMCIRc LINE.
S. S. "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St
Michael, May 2«th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June 30. July 31, August 30. For rates
and other Information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
30 Monteomerv Street.
C* DC $12 First Class including Berth
I Hilt. $8 Second Clasj and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
June 2
COLUMBIA SAILS May 2*. Jnn«j 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt-.
Helena and all points In the Northwst.
Through tickets to all points Kast.
E. C. WARD, General A**nt.
KO Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
From Spear-street wharf at 11 a. m.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:P O R T T_, j\ 3sTZ)
TH? n. r. », h. pa
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j Steamers leave Broadway
»^ wharf, San Francisco:
Bygtafc- For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
VsSijKwV.. Jla >' -*'• 31 ' Jur.e 5. Change to
tS'tW®5t*3k company's «teamers at Seattle.
FK^^S^J^I C.t. Port Townsend. Fenttle!
fr^C^?H? Tacoma. Kverett. Arnr.irtcs
i^X*5»M\ an^ • >< ' w Whatrnm (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. May 28. 31. June 5.
and every fifth day thereafter:
chifn^e at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humbcldt Bay— W a. m.. May
IS. June 2. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford <San Luis Obl»po>. Gavlota.
Hanta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedrn (Los Angeles) and Newport —
9 a. m.. May 27, 31, June 4, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diefto. stopplntr only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los An«reles and Jtedondo (Los Angeles) — 11 a.
m.. May 23. 29, June 2, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenada, Ma*rdal*na Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. L<i Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th ot each
mrnth.
For further Information obtain company's
folders-
The company re«erves the right to rMn*e
steamers, palllns dntes and hours of salllns
without nrevloils notice.
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery 1
street (Palace Hitel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Asents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Will sail from Seattle and Tacoma June 21.
July II and August :7. The SKNATOR. sail-
ing July 21, will make an Excursion Trip via
the Inland passage, and after landing at Nome
will ••ominne north thro' the BWirlne Strait?,
past East Cape on th<» Siberian coast, crosbing
the Arctic Circle, paaslnc into the Arctic
Ocean. Faspengers are advised to inspect th»
Kenatcr before purchnslnK ttckfts via other
(¦teairers. a«i her seeond-class and fteerace ac-
comm.>datlon8 urp superior to the Krst-ciai«s
accommcxiation* on mo?t of the steamers ail-
vertiSPd for Nome. The Pacific Coa«t Steam-
ehip Co. has bepn .running its steamers to
Ala««n — winter and summer — for 25 5"ears and
if the Pioneer Pacific Coast Lin«. For further
information Inquire of J. F. TROWnRIDGE.
Ocean Dock, Seattle. Wash.: X. POSTO.W 243
¦Wafhlnmon et.. Portland. Or.; W. PAIfRIS,
124 West Second Ft.. I^oa Angeles. Cal.: OOOD-
ALU PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Acts.. 10 Market
»? TTCKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery St..
Th- New and Palatial Steel Steamship
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
DIRECT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
oct:an travel.
JL y;^pr^^fe^ is as necessary as a pick.
iwJW^^^ No miner should be' without
I&S^^Yy^ one# Unaffected by extreme
HESrrER AWiWSUUiTiOli
S^lp^i Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send
l^^^lpl^^ name and address on a postal card for
yj pif^P 160-page illustrated catalogue. It is free.
Wl^/j^r^ Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
%SSn aAv-Wi 4 1 ** ar^ e * Street, San Francisco, Cal.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 28, 1900.
8
6 AX FRANCISCO CALL.
nuSINHSS OFFICE of The San Krandsct
rail, corner cf Market and Third streets, cpet
xxv.V.X 12 o'clock every r.ljrht Sn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— ;£7 ilor.tgu.Tiery street,
comer C!a;-; open until 9:E0 r- BB-
r«o Hayes street; cprn until S:30 p. m.
(Z» McAllister ttreet; cpen unti! 8:10 p. m.
C.I La:J:In street; cpen ur.til 0:33 p. ro.
JJ41 Mission street; open until 10 p. ni.
_fl Mcrket street, comer Sixteenth; cpen un-
til 9 p. m.
:06 Eleventh sir'vt; ct«-Ti BaUJ * p. m.
ICC Valencia street : cp^n ur.til 9 p.m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second ard Ken-
tucky Ftrect«: open until 3 p. m.
M__T1\U AOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lode? No. "2. F. and A. O
M.— THIS (KONUAY) EVENING at _*%_
T:S^ o'clock. 'lTilrd <J.«ree. Master Ma- jC_K
?•ins cordially lnvit^U. ]}>- orj«-r of the /^r »
VW. M. V.ALTUR G. ANDERSON, Soo.
KING Solomon'* Lodge No. 250. F. ar.d fl
A. M.. Fl!lm..re f-t., between !!u»h and ._%
Butter. Seen.! degree THIS EVKKIXG tK3T
at 7:30. lUltliV HAEI1R. Secretary. /^r
THE thirteenth annual picnic _^f*_.
of the Sor.s of St. Ge.>rg9 iC^N©^
will be held WEDNXSOAY". W/wJVi^.
May 3a. «t Sun&«-t i'ark. ~^tJCX_K ISL^i
Jrar.ta Cruz Mount-ins. A _™if^_ior —^^
_ir,Ft interesting programme n\. p*^^5?f^
«">f Knclish ir_:-_«-s a_d eport* - \S_!«^JV
' : ar - d • -"-. 12: and >
lean. A grar.J tug vl war— ~FE_5_WB«»
Ftjx Fr&nctifo v*. Oakland er.J Alameda.
Valuable rnsn » ill be offered for all eve-r.ts.
Music ar.d aarxinj yri'.l hold foith all day in
;_rge par— on. Traine leave S. F". <feot of
_ark<M st. 1. 7:45 and :4S a. m. Speci-I train
wi'.l leave FVmrtKBtb and Frankiln, OaUlana.
i a. m. Tickets <rcur.d trip). $1: cli'.dren. Me.
ANCIENT Order cf Konr_ers— The twen- >»«__?»•
-.:• -S.2.U1 annual picnic will be held ia
i-ohuetzen i'fcj-k. near ban Rafael, ce _I*V
WEDNESDAY. MftY SB. 1300. RoaaO- &_>
:r;p ticket. incluJ'.nc aJmiEfion to park and
char.ee iu gate prlr.es. b'.-jHs M»c. children tic.
Valuable frate _iid same prize* will be dis-
tributed. Tickf;? can be rrocurrd «t A. O. f.
bu;id:rg. 30£ O'Karreil et-. or at the Terry en
xncrnir.fi ci ilcn'.o.
J. FALOOXEB, President
R. N. Uc_ EXXAN. Secretary.
THE Caledonian Club will hold its A _T v,
tilrty-lourth ..¦-.-. R.thertr.s: and 5V. _u"*!7
ramps at Shell Mound Park on -< _VXil«
WEDNESDAY. ?.i?y 5?. T.ie b-st ""•£_»*
athletes of th9 Fftdfle Coast will compete
for prirej. Over $2500 ¦will be distributed.
Fix'il tar.i3« fcr pavilion dancing up t3 S
p. ta. Eacriperj! for i>latform and fancy
dancing. Ovfr forty events on programme •
pet er.e. A liighianj welcome with a full
<iay cf plfasure to all. Boy round trip Wry
ticket* for Wieil Mound Park. Admission to
t-Tt'untls. adults. i0<-: children. _5e.
>NNl"_.L rr.cet'.rc- The regular annual meet-
lr.g of the ftockh-.lde.— of '.he Olympic Salt
Water Corr.raay will be held at 227 Market
et.. San Frar.c;?ro. California, on MONDAY,
the 2—h day cf May. IMtt, at the boor cf 3 p.
*n.. for the purpose of c-lectlr^g a beard of di-
rectory to serve fcr the ensuing year and the
transaction cf Euch other business as lr.ay
come be'er* the tneetir.g. Transfer bocks will
close ca FxUsr. May IS. UM. at 3 o'clock
p. s:. CHAS. A. GIBSON. Secretary.
THE C— llorala Debris Commission, having re-
ce-.ved arri-catiens to nine by the hydraulic
1-rocfSE from Robert Hill, in the Gardners
Point r.iir.e. near Port Wlnf*. Sierra County,
tc <3ex>otit tailings In Sawml'I B— Tine; from
Cfcaries Hilton. In the Pry '.Sulch plaoer mine.
r.*_r rieasant Valiey. VI Dorado County, to
deposit tailings in C:esr Creek; from L. Foss,
in the Woodcfcuck ni-ne, in Gold Lake Mining
Pjstrirt. Sierra County, to deposit tailings iti
Woodchuck Ravine, and from the Golden Hill
Mining Ocnjar.y. in the 'JolJen Hill mine,
near 1'owelltcn. Butte County, to deposit taii-
ingf: la :¦. ravine, tives notice that a meeting
•Pill be held at ro~m E9, FlooJ-buildlns, San
Francsco. CaJ.. en June 11. IS00, at 1:20 p. m.
ANNUAL met-tinc— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Ir.deDendent Elec-
trick Light and Power Company will be held
_t the offlce of the ccn-.tar.y, 327 Market St..
fan Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the Mth
day ct May. A. D. ISC?, at the hour of II
'¦-'clock a. m.. for the purpose of e-Iectlne a
board of directors to »erve fcr the ensuing
j »ar _id tiie transaction of such other buel-
::«-tf as may ccrr.e before the meeting; trans-
fer books will close on Friday, May 25, 1900.
at I o'clock p. ta.
J. M. TATLOR. Secretary.
CHEAPEST &rA »>»«t in America— The Weekly
<~aJl. 76 r-atrp<=, «er.t f> acy n(Jdr»«s in the
United States or Canada, one -year for SI.
r^^a~«> raid.
AGEXTS WANTED.
LADY ag-nts— If you want -.he best money
makers get the Hygeia Electric Corsets and
Fk'.rt*: the standard *or 2' 1 yeans. Address
WeFtern Corset Co.. St. Lou!*. Mo.
AGENT, man nr won-.an. to handle new book;
fr.lxrv p"A Apply fill Mint-omry.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. M A S ERY~oTEgyinrVrea "test* as'rol-
cgist and palmi?t in the wcrld; satisfaction
r-arantepd. IS Pcwell et.
CCIENTIFIC BFtroI<-gy: readings, 50c: mail. Jl;
hororropes. PROF. MONROE. 13S Turk »t.
ATTOnXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without Fucce*s: collections. G. V,'.
HOWE. ntty. at law. £50 Market. cor. Stockton.
B. W. KING. 927 Market St.. room €27; all
cases; no advance charre*: fall or write.
ADVICE free: no charg* unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. *27 Market rt.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Kpreckels bldg.. f>2~ Mar*
tect ft. : consultation f— <¦ *>; no f»»» in advance.
HA'Ill CAI1IVKT — HOT AIIL VAI'OR.
ROBINSON n 4-panel folding; door opens; nrm
end fare. W. S. RROWX. en. agt.. 426 E'.lis.
B— — GIAJK IIAEUCS.
VnjVD DOKCASTEB -....Fee Sj;T5
LORD DONCASTER Fee Si:. 00
LORD DONCASTER Fee S15 00
On May IS we received direct fn>m Kn^iand
en animal known at. LORD DONCASTER.
His eire was Palace Cup buck of 1S3S and dam
¦was vrinr.er at iKineaster Silver Cup cf ISie.
He won a rrtze every time he was shown in
Kr-eiard.
H«* haa maEmir:cent chape, and witS^ut
doi:bt excels every animal In America in' the
fiark rlohaeai of his o.li.r. For a very limited
time his fee In *tuJ will be $15. You cannot
pet a like ffrvie,. from any buck that will
coir.par* with him fnr lens than $50. If vour
does lack color you should certainly not fall to
breed them to him.
CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HAUE ASS'N,
ALAITEDA. CAL.
EFLCIAN HARKS— Saturday. ?'jri<l_y _Tid
Monday oolf at tuch price*: Lord F/iin-
l>i-ro cf". i-oore SS. Z «ioe* Z't months, Tukon
ftock. J3i together, or 1% »-ach; bred, choice
cf buck, a few Lor-1 3Jri:alns at sacrifice;
<in<? British Sovereign doe. 5 young. $12; does
bred, %'i up: bucks, all strain*, reasonable.
J*«?n-.er_t>er thetf prices hold Kocd to Monday
¦evening orjy. Visitors Jnvited. 27 Valencia.
AT THE HEAD OF OfR STUD-Irnported
FASHODA KING, by Champion Fashoda out
of doe by Pride of York. Choice pedigreed
does. Just rpofivea, at. reasonable ra'.^s. Our
specialty, rablv^ry suj-plles of nil kinOs; nurse
doe* rented. C.nMen Gate Belgian Hsre Co.,
CC'9-Cil Oo'(5»n Gate ave.; tel. So::th tat Open
Sundays & evenings. Ira Baker Dalzlel. prop.
THOROUGHBRED Belgian dn»s. bred to Royal
Bovrrelsrn. J;u to $10; to En-.peror of Norfolk
*2Q to tZ-j; to A.1ax <hlghest-scoring buck in
Ar-.er!ca>. R'j to Ji&: youngsters, all strains 6
weeks. $2 W; 20 week*. 13 r.0; ?. months. $i and
87 If. Kenwood P.abbitry. _20 14th et.. Oakland.
CLAREMONT Belgian Hare Association— Does
bred to Kashoia J'rince and Hoyal Rochdale.
S10 to SZO; bey; rtrain youngsters. J2 to S_
4518 Telccrai'h ave.. Otklar.d.
3HE—ONT BHS_- Hsre Co.. 2124 Filimore et
Fan Krtr.clFro. Cal.— Send 6 cent* Jn ttamps
for bock on cere end !>?ij;nir. _
BELGIAN hari«. all f!i*s. tbeap far a few
cays to rr.nkf- roosn: Yukon beck for sen-ice.
S14 Golden <Jat«> ave.
1/3RD Fsshooa ChW. Imported March" I*;*-
»core. Si.»-: fee. |I5: Lr»v-dir.- «1o*« and does
•with litter.-. KUREKA KAlMilTRT. I61« Turk.
PEDIGREED <3ot-s w'.th !itt*T!«"l>y Lonl Fa^hoda
Ohio? (Imported). i;>ir*!:_ 'RabMtiy. :C15 Turk.
CHEAPJTFT »H best in An:er!C^ThT~\Veek!y
«~a!l. 10 p-'-ccs. wnt to any cddrrfi in th«
United Btatw cr Canada on? year for fl.
rx->f:tac» paid.
UICYCLES — For Sale or Kichnn_e7
JCCW Cleveland bicycle*: better than ever; i;0.
LEAV1TT & BILL. 30» Larkin et.
GREAT bargains in second-hand bicycles- from
S5 up; send for list. LEAVITT _ DILL. iO»
L«-kin Ft.. Fan Francisco.
UOjUIBI.VG FOB CHILUIIEJT.
A PRIVATE home for children by week or
mcath: one rtny to li yearn old: pelect neigh-
borhood: mother' • care; terms low; tunny
yard. iri< 1'ort «.; tel. Larkin 5*7; Z bells.
WOMAN working during the day can find room
and bocni for hnrself and child. 3t? Fell Ft.
GERMAN lady wlEhes to beard children, near
«chocl: l»rnn reas.: tunny yard. iZt Minna.
C7tt:Ar*r:fc-T *nd be»t In America —^The Weekly
Call. IC j>ates, pent to any addrsits in the
United States or Canada •¦ne year for ;l
Iioxtnce r>?!d.
BOOKS >'B\V AVI) OLD.
SCHOOL EOOkI bought nnd'^lTchanged'
liclmes Bock Co.. 7^4 Mlwlon 6t.. near Third.
ISOOT AXD SHOE BABOAI.V8.
BARGAINS. ladles' and children's ehoes:dn am-
tnexV ta:r; :? s mfg. ccst. Koblbecber, 145 <t—
BUSINESS CHANCES.
, KERN County oil lands; a chance to get an
interest In 31,000 acres of choice oil lands; buy
1 now and get in on the ground floor; these
iands arc located In the great oil districts of
McKITj HICK. SUNSET AND KERN RIV-
ER, Kern County, and belong to the OCCI-
DKNTAIi OIL COMPANY. Incorporated
undi'r the lav.-s of West Virginia; stock abso-
lutely non-a«sessable; Investigation solicited.
D. H. MASTELLER. Agent,
Room CC4. Parrott Building, S. F.
A— $_<»: VERY best location; naloon close to
Powell ami Market sts.; business first class;
• inly i.atronlzed by best people; a rare chance.
. Call K. C. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
' A— $1000— CANDY route: estahl. 20 years; all
cn«h trade, clearing about $150 per month.
! Call I_ O. W1I.KE, 2314 Kearny et.
A— $450— COlfNER grocery and bar, with 4 llv-
j Ing rooms; south of Market n.; a good pay-
Ir.c business and rcr« chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2CL, Kearny st.
A— $T7£; — CIGAR store on East et.. opposite the
ferrii"!>; low rent; a small investment but a
barcain. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Bt.
A-}12.'.0- SALOON, elegantly fitted up; estab.
yearj and doing a good paying business; place
located close to Palace Hotel; rent *50; lease:
larjje Mock. V-est quality: a rare otter. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26'i Kearny St.
X— $3"*— COFFEE saloon and chophouse, with
10 furnished room*: rent low; dally receipts
$3S. Call R. O. WILKE. 26' j Kecrny et.
A— J35.P— -CORNER saloon: rent tlS: choicest lo-
cation 5<uth cf Market st.; place doing a good
paying tuslnes*, but parties can't agree. Cal!
R. G. WILKE. M4 Kearny Ft.
A— J3iO— CORNER branch bakery and grocery.
with 4 living roome, on Oeary St.: low rent
and (jcod paying business; a rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. I64 Kearny st.
j A— $s;0-CORNER saloon. 1 block from Market
I and Stockton Fts. : net rent $63; a pood paying
j and c-!d-f*stal>!ish«-<i l.ustr.OFS. Particulars R.
I G. WILiCE, 2<i\i Kearny st.
! $175— SHOOTING gallery, making lots of money;
j owner trcing to Paris Exposition; a Prcnch-
i man. See R. G. WILKE. 26's Kearny st.
! A ' ITKT TiftTiyrTUTT route cl^arine t'A a month-
1 frrvMi hors* 1 and wagon; full inveptiK-ition and
I Trial solicited before buying; splendid oppor-
I tuntty. STENBERG CO.. K5 Market st.
I T3S0— BRANCH bakery, grocery and notioas; 4
hlock<« from Market St.; 4 living: rooms; rent
I on'y $13; bargain. STENBERG CO.. 385 Mkt.
; a— $SM. t .::*:.;^«t." f ssoe $soo
i First-class drrvstnakln:? establishment, includ-
1 lr.g *> handsomely furnished rooms: splendid
! new <-»ri*t«; nothir.r asked fcr Food will.
I PTENBERG CO.. ?3"> Market St.
! A-PH1T. store; fine location; Rood chance for
! doctor or drujrglst. COWING & CO.. 719 Mkt.
I A — CORNER: downtown saloon: sreat sacri-
! flee: sickness cauw. COWING & CO.. 719 Mkt.
' CI<iAR store: bst in th» city: near The Call
: l-uildins. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
'• LIVERY ar.d boarding stable: (rood location;
! cause. Btcknres. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
' A CAXPT and Icecream parlor; heart of city;
• come quirk. COWING tc CO.. 715 Market st.
: A BAKERY: doins fine business; clears $100;
j price ?*K) this day. COWING. 713 Market st.
! ASTONISHING opportunity <j:.000 will handle
j It)— Grand S-stcry brick hotel: ~Z beautifully
i finished rooms, all elegantly furnished; bar,
1 etc.: corner lot. 100x200 feet: constantly over-
i crowded with boarders'and $2-day transients;
! b«st city in State; cost ani worth $f>j.00n; free
! of drbt. but owinp to peculiar circumstances
I is offered for JlJ.jOd; better than stated; it's a
' fool who doubt? without Investigation.
N. P. SICKELS. the Land A~fnt, 10 Geary.
j I12IXI— GARB-AGE business, with 10 years' l»ase
j of ccrea&e and b'jrlldines across the bay;
I — J«rant<=e $1W per month. KREDO & CO.,
j 5S Geary st.
I To rent— For f-oal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location: place is entirely covered and con-
! tains 3 etalls: rent only J13: water free. In-
Cuire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call
building.
i CALL and see our list cf cood paying busl-
I nesses; groceries, saloon*, restaurants, hotels.
! r-aint shops and delicacy stor«s for sale and
i exchar._e. EITEL & CARROLL. 100SH ilar-
! ket st.
1 t3;f— FINE candy. Icecream and stationery
store; good lixrurer: fin» location: a creat
_barpaln. LANE & CO.. S63 Market st.
j $500— SALOON and lunch house; bargain this
, day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. TTTVi Market st.
I :
1 $175 BUYS payinK saloon: must cell; goln?
I East; a snap. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market.
AT a great bargain; bakery, candy, notions,
I school purt!!*'s, cigars, etc.: ~ond etock and
j fixture*: located by a school; living rooms.
j li''>3 Golden Gate ave.
i I WILL pay $r. every month to any one lending
tne $3!>; b^st security; references. Call cr
address 23<> O'Farrell *t.. room 7.
LADY partner in restaurant and family dlnlns-
j room; first -claps hotel; some capital required.
j box 211*. Call office.
1 $.'/«— DRAYING business well eFtablished. '
I horses, wajrons. everything complete: $200
I »-ash. balance on ea.«y payments. C. H., room
I 20. 36 Geary et.
j J2iOO— SNAP; $10 day clear; be Increased; gen-
teel business; downtown: suitable lady or
gentleman: close Investigation solicited. 213
Examiner building.
j FOR sale cr pxchanee— Handsome cottajre, fur-
I nished; bam: Berkeley. Box 170S, Call office.
) WANTED— Bakery or bakery and coffee saloon;
I must te good location. Box 2S79. Call office.
I TO let— Barber shop, Z chairs; rent cheap. 346^4
1 Heventh st.
,1 A TRANSFER corner saloon; north of Market;
; sickness. Address box 2S34. Call offlce.
¦ WANTED — Good delicatessen or grocery store;
. "each." ALKEP.T TROS'ETTS. 31S Jessie st.
j J30O— RESTAURANT; no night work; old stand,
j _2£!> Fifthtn st.
I RESTAURANT for your own price: going to
! Nome. Apply 1 Fifth Bt.. room 10.
$?f«-PARTNER in the country In a nice cigar,
tobacco and notion store; billiard parlor and
barber shop, etc.: expenses paid while here
Investigating Fcr particulars write lock
box 144. Geyser.ille. Sonoma County, Cal.
GOOD planing mill and lumber yard in this
city lor Bale. Box 2S61. Call office.
GOOD bargain; fruit store; ftood locality; party
j going to Nome. 212 Gough st.
j DRUG Ftore for eale or exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; a well-stocked, modern. pay-
Ing drug store In a Rood mining town; cash
trade. Call at 730 O'Farrell St.. city.
FOR pale- The Central Hotel in Napa, eon-
tainlng thirty rooms; central location; pries
reasonable. Addrejs II. CUFF. Napa, Cal.
$4:.O— CORNER grocery and bar: 4 living rooms-
account of sickness. 1111 Howard: no agents.
i $1«K) CASH; corner grocery and bar; fine stock:
good lo.-ation; no s gents. Inquire 30 Lily ave.
I SALOON for Bale, cheap. Apply IOCS Howard
j street.
j COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO
W. CASWELL & CO.. 41? Sacramento st.
! CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
I received at Cgll hranrh offlce. ??00 Fill— <o-» »t.
LODGI.tG-IIOUSES FOH SALE.
j 10 ROOMS AND BATH; EDDY/AND...^.
ELLIS MUST SELL
PRICE $_O
j DECKER. 1020 Market st.
C6-ROOM corner ' J4000
{.-room flat; only 200
i'O rooms; corner 900
15 rooms; corner 750
100-room hous-e 45<rt
Hotel end bar: 36 rooms 1500
I 'I rooms on Market st.; only 900
I'D rooms on ItUFh: rent $J5 9^)
30 ronir.s; In i-ayments isiOO
*-room new flat ;. 400
IlO-rvmi nous*; best on earth 4r*0
12 roo-ns on McAllister st 400
18 rooms; fine corner: clears $1CO 1000
16-room house on Turk st 7;o
10 rooms on Jones st.; clears $8"> 400
10 ro<>ins: fine corner; on Mission st 450
10-ro<>m house; new furniture 2WI
12-room house on Post st 400
10 roorr.B on Mason st. : payments <;o
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MINT TJ6.
H. C. DICKER. 1020 Market st.. opp. FIflh.
It. II. WIXSTON * CO.. 1026 MaTueTTt]
15 room*; J2"0 cash, balanre $10. month $42."
?7 rooms; comer; beM «>? fi-.rniture ]500
Z't rooms; cornrr; monthly payment* 1600
6 f » rocms; corner: must sell 190)
40 rooms: rent $37 SO BOO
A — ROOMING house: treat money maker;
heart the city. COWING & CO., 719 Market.
J1K00— 56 ROOMS, all rented; good location, near
Market; cent.; rent low. BASILE. 3 Eddy *t.
A I-IST of 120 lodslng-houscs for «•_!«». M
ORIFFIX. 713 Market, room I. nr. Call bldg.
CAIUUAGES AM) \VACO.\S.
ALL kinds of wagons, r-uggiee. carts, h&meti,
etc.. cheap. KAGAN &- SON. 2117 Mission «_
CAMP wagon; finest in Callfrrnla; good as
new; cost $C00; Fell $300. 2273 Mission •„
NEW _ 2_-hand wngons. buggies, carts & bar-
ne»«. work & drivlne; horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
AT Friendship Hall. SsTMcAllintPT-' Mrs. Mey~-
_erj_convinclns test to-night; 10c; sittings.
WVLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. S30
Kills *t: 10 «. m^to S v. jn.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium, 1413 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th and Uth; dr. Mon., % p. m.
EDWARD EARLE. 330 Ellis St.— Seance Sun-
day and Wednesday evenings at 8 o'clock.
MRS. J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
( xntdiu-. me reader; ¦Htins. 1.1. 1104 Market.
• CLAIRVOYANTS.
i A MRS. PR. CLARK , I
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM
I PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK
'. Bt.. may be consulted on all affairs of life;
fhf will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost af-
l fections; unite the separated; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
, . with special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 205
Turk st, near Jones.
MME.LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
1 future; never fails; has the £l-eatest Egyptian
; secret; shows picture future husband or wife:
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
"NOME!" "Nome!" "Nome!" Save your
money; consult Watson, celebrated occult me-
dium: l-jclcy and true; 5Cc and $1. 1581 Market
j Ft., near Twelfth.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card reader;
past, present, future; 23c. 14S Sixth St.. r. 14.
MME August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmls-
try; truth or no. pay: 25c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921% Mission, op. Mint.
CLAIRVOYANT, card readrr. best advice. S23
Mission 6t., near 4th. rm. 3; 25c up; ring bell.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
fittings daily. 2121J Sixth fit.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader: readings 25c: no sign.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names Riven: 23c up. 5 Fourth St.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; r.e: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
CAPE SOME.
FIRST and second-class tickets for Nome "dT^
rect; two first-class steel steamers; low rates;
Al service. C. P. AIOORE, agent, 833 Market
Ft., room 6.
$f0O0 FOR working capital will obtain H ln-
terest in ten creek claims at Cape Nome. Box
I 1701, Call offlce. - <•
CAHPET n_ATI.\G AXD CLKAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-337 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
342-344 McAllister st.: phone South 14S.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st. ; tel. Mission 74.
I CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. hT
__STEVENS. mgr.. 3S-40 Sth Bt. : tel. South 250.
J. McQCEEN'S California Carp»t Cleaning CoTT
4f>3 Ktevenson et. ; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTOX'S, 3 Eighth Bt. : tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.;- 4P2 Sutter st. :
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 1*6.
COLL—CTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Acency— No charge un-
l»Fg successful. Room 310. 927 Market et.
COTTAGES TO LET. ™
j PROSPECT ave.. 15 — IVi story, good grounds
; and view; take Valencia cars to terminus
I and Inquire; rent reasonable.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; yard; rent $6. 10Z1H
Lombard st.
WASHINGTON, 1323—6 rooms, bath and yard;
marine view.
I of 2 large rooms. Key 1S25
Broadway.
DEMISTS.
A FULL set of teeth on rubber plate. $5: a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work jur
specialty; see our Hesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
yrars; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. C4 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar-
ket et.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crown?,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 60 up; of-
flce hours 9 a. m. to 10 11- m. : Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell »t.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns. $3: new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction. 60c: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. S6J Mission, cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No chargi for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $? per set: extracting, 50c; gas given.
VAN VROOM— "PaOiIess" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bui>h—
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
¦1S41 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY*S C. P. dog soap creates a
smooth, silky coat; for eale by all druggists
I or at the hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Flllmore —
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: docs boarCed. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKEIIS AND SEAMSTRESSES
j MCDOWELL'S Is thT place to learirdressmat-
j Ing and ladles' tailoring; eve. clasj. 103 Post.
I MME. REMBERT. £30 Sutter st.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. rh-essmaklng. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary 6t.: dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. ]
A-GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools Par-
rott building; Gallagher. 18 years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr eiDert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't: a school con-
uucted by experts; call or send for catalogue
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st 8 F —
Practical courses In bookkeeping'* short-
hand typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eerlng. etc.; new gO-page catalogue free.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NEPS COLLEGE. 1236 Market et.
AYRES', the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.: life scholarship. $50; Includes Bhort-
tiand. typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin st •
the coming school: thorough; up to date- all
tranches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, meeh. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.: «*st is«4
VAN DEK NAILLEN SCHOOL. 633 Market.
hHORTHAND taunrht personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official rppor»ers "best teacher
bfst tystem." M. G. BARRETr. 302 Montgmy*.
S F. VETERINARY COLLEGE-Next session
begins June 11: catalogue upon application
M. L. PANCOAST. Secretary. 510 Golden Gat*.
PROF. MERK1, successful teacher of mandolin
violin and guitar. 1008 Mission, above Sixth!
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School: modeling
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine St.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
; laoles and gentlemen. O. SInz. 36 Geary, r. 34.
I ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
1 etc.: <lay or «*ve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A-JAPANESE-CHINE^~C^nTrMtoTanT~EmI
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic e»rvants. 4 Carlos place.' olT O'Far-
rell. bpt. Powell and Mason: t*l. Black 4334.
A— MOST rellnble Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment oJflce; pjitabllfhed over live yeari
421 Pest st.: telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEITM Employment Office— Japanese Chl-
_ c '^_^f ; r- 42S J'owell. nr. Suiter: tel. I31ack;072.
JAPANESE and Chines* employment office'
best hHp fun. : tel. Jchn 2121. M>6!4 Stockton!
i CHINESK and Japanese Employment Offlce —
! TWt h~!p. 411U O-Karrrll -t j t"l. V n «t 420.
I B5IPLO \Ol_Xjr WANTE D — KEM A LR.
A FIRST-CLARS German cook, competent' liv
fants* nurse, German cook with good city ref-
erences, flrst-cl»Es Swedish laundress and a
number of houneglrls await positions at MISS
CULLEN'S. 325 SuUer st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes position for up-
stairs work and Hewing; $20 per month. 1100'4
Stevenson Bt.. near Twelfth.
YOUXO Swedish cirl wishes position for gen-
eral housework: wages $25. 11CO»4 Stevenson
_ Bt.. near .Twelfth.
COOK-Clty or country. H. D.. 270 Jessie st
near Fourth.
A GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
work. Address box 2119, Call offlce.
GOOD laundress wants washing to do at home
Ma McAllister st.; entraiye Ash ave.
AMERICAN lady with tent and camping out-
fit wants to find congenial party for moun-
tains or coaet. or would travel as companion
to lady. Bo* 2S72. Call office.
WELL-EDUCATED Parisian lady, Just from
New York, desires a position to take charge
of children. Address MME., box 2S90, Call.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do
_t home. ?21 Mission '«t*
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— PBMAIB.
COLORED maid wishes engagement to travel;
would like to go to Paris; first-class mani-
cure and hairdresser; would take charge of
children; small salary. Address MRS. C. B.
NORTH, box 2S77. Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework or as housekeeper: good plain
cook; wages $12 to $15. Call 217 Eddy ft.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes wort b y, th .e
day; ofKce cleaning, laundry or any kind.
reference. 1323 De Horo st^
A~YOUNG woman will care for children or in-
valld for expenses to Paris. Box 2S56. Call.
A WOMAN wants housekeeping rooms for
work. Box 1719. Call office. . ¦
LADY wishes position as seamstress, house-
keeper or cook: .city or country,. 132 Sixth
st., room 5. 4_
WINCHESTER House. 44 Th.rd et., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night: $160 to $6
we~k; convenient and respectable; ire« bus
- «nd baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call a a ve Jf_Jf er "*Vli_ ¥1*
subscriptions has, been established at 1036 u-
lenrla et.
E3ZPLOYMENT WASTED — MALK.
A COMPETENT German man and wife desire
situations; understand all kinds of ranch
work: reference. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS butler~wants a position; best
city references. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
JAPANESE couple want situations in family:
man as cook and wife to do waiting and
housework; with good reference. \V. M., 935
Sacramento Et.
WANTED— Position by reliable man as ac-
countant or assistant in some business; per-
manenov rather than large salary. Address
box 2876. Call offlce.
ENGINEER and machinist. 32 years of age,
Rood pipefitter; also woodwork; first-class ref-
erences. Please address box 172S, Call offlce.
GOOD cook wants a situation In hotel, restau-
rant or boanilng-house. Please call at 3
st. ,. : ; -;.':•¦: . .
GOOD cook wants work in hotel or boarding-
house. Call at 515 McAllister st. : entrance
ABh ave. _____________
$30 WILL be paid for position as etenographpr
and private secretary. Address box 1731, Call.
LEE C. PRAY, carpenter and general jobber-
Screen doors and windows, lattice work, fur-
niture, roofs, outhouses, fences, board walks,
cupboards made and repaired by the day or
Job." Address Bailey block, roora 2, Dwight
w-ay station, Berkeley.
GARDENER experienced In commercial and
landscape gardening wishes to take chargs
of a large private place, plantation, etc.: long
years' references. Write to N. GARTNER.
933 Fortieth et.. Oakland.
AN old confectioner, fancy cake baker and pas-
try cook wants a light situation for small
wages; steady work; city or country. Please
address Confectioner, 1616 Stockton et.
RELIABLE young man of -24. experienced In
bookkeeping and general offlce work, wishes
position with established firm: reference from
late employer. Address box 1798. Call offlce.
SHEET Iron and tin worker, first-class and
experienced in all branches, will accept very
low pay with steady Job anywhere. Address
box 2U5. Call offlce.
BOOKKEEPER wants position as bookkeeper,
timekeeper, assistant bookkeeper or any gen-
eral offlce work: six years' experience: best
of references. Address P. O. box 442, Oakland.
THOROUGHLY competent American working
foreman, orchard or vineyard, would like a
situation. E. H.. box 2888, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horses and
tools, wants light work; no milking; ref;
wages smnll. H. WARREN. 410 Sixth St.
STEADY, reliable man wishes place as coach-
man and gardener; city or country. E. F.,
box 2SS7, Call offlce.
YOUNG Swedish man and wife wish situations;
city or country: woman good cook; man care
of horses and general work. Box 2831, Call.
YOUNG man wants position as porter In whole-
Bale house; refs. Add. F. M-, box 2S92. Call.
1 OFFICE work— Young man of 2S, with 6 years'
experience, wants position for the summer.
Address J. E. COOVER. Palo Alto. Cal.
SITUATION wanted by an elderly man: secur-
ity given If desired. Address 213 Palmer Bt.,
near Chenery.
ENGINEER, machinist. Dipefltter wants posi-
tion as engineer. Address Engineer, box 1705,
i Call office.
; CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
i received at Call branch offlce, 2200. Fillmore st.
i A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
! subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MATERLE. German expert optician.
, 1071% Market st. — Examinations free; German
[ eye water by mall. 50c. Phone Mint "37.
FLATS TO LET.
J iro FLATS, cottages, etc.. Speck & Co MkT.
1822 Pac. av. ; 10 r. h.$60 1137 Geary; 10 r. h...$70
710 McAllister; 8 r.h. 32*1610 California; 7 r. f. 35
793 Haight; 7 r. f.... 25:1210 Polk 1 ; 9 r. h.... 35
322 Hyde; 6 r. f....32 50:331 Eddy; 4 r. f 20
A— NW. cor. Sutter and Hcott; finest flat in
city for the price; investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated if seen.
A— 7-ROOM flat: corner: sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvements. 417Vs Third st.
ALL bright flats. 4 and 5 .rooms, bath. 1042
and 1044 Sacramento St., below Mason.
CLAYTON. 752— Elegant, sunny upper flat of 7
rooms and bath; modern. .
ELEGANT 7-room flat; modern Improvements.
2410 Sacramento St., near Webster.
ELEGANT new eunny corner flat: six room)
and bath. 4600 Eighteenth at.
FLAT— Modern Improvements; half block from
Union Iron Works. 913 Illinois st.
FLAT of 6 rooms; bath; cellar; yard; rent
cheap. 1419 Bush St.. bet. Polk and Van Nesa.
FLAT — Three large, • sunny rooms; yard. 118
Fillmore. st.
FLAT. 3 rooms ana bath, $13; flats of 3 rooms
$7 and tS. Key at 624 Fell nt.
FLATS — 3 and 4 rooms, bath; off Howard bet
Twelfth and Thirteenth. Key at 1626 Howard.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to lot
from BALDWIN ft HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN lower flat. 7 rooms and basement.
1131 Geary et., bet. Van Ness and Franklin.
MODERN flat of 4 rooms and bath; nice gar-
den. 122S Filbert St., near Larkin.
NEW Bunny flat, 6 rooms and bath: yard; base-
ment; modern Imp. 1931, 1?I5 O'Farrell st.
PEARL. 27, off Market, nr. Valencia— Lower
and u pper flats; rent $8 and $7.
SUNNY lower flat, 5 rooms, bath, yard. frn*p-
ment; rent reasonable. 4S2 Page, nr. Webster.
$15-LOVET.Y flat of 4 large rooms and bath;
nice view. 202 Third .ave., cor. Clement St.;
take Sutro car.
$13— FLAT of 4 rooms. 125 Pape, bet. Gough
and Octavia. 1H blocks from Market. ,
$10-SUNNY upper flat of 4 rooms, cellar and
yard. 1QQ8 Natoma St., near Eleventh.
$10 AND $15—2 flats, 4 and * rooms, bath. 731
Fulton st. and 736 Birch ave.. nr. Buchanan.
4 ROOMS; Nob. 250 and 230tf: Tehama St.; $8
and $10.
UPPER flat; 6 rooms and bath. 1120B Turk Bt..
near Lacuna.
PLATS TO 7.iET — FURNISHED.
ASHBURY. 410— Completely and newiy" "Tur^
nlshed 6-room modern flat (built last sum-
mer); four or six months from June 1; re-
Fponsible parties can make very advantageous
torms. Call Monday or Tuesday.
FL'HxiTUHE FOIl SALE.
FURNITURE of 4-room cottafre, only In use 3
months, for % price: rent $10; can be Been
from 1 to 4 p. m. 3122 Twenty-fifth Bt.
\ 4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No.
; 7 ranee. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURS1TUUK WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
lttano. 1135 Market St.; telephone Jessie 7«1.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your aecond-hand furniture.
W. K. CODY (late with J. T. Terry <4 Co.) buys"
furniture, carpets. 757 Ml5*lon; tel. Itod}835&
HELP \V ANTED— FEMALE.
STEADY German woman (Protestant pre-
ferred) for light general housework; no wash-
ing; plain cooking; 4 in family; short distance
from city; wages $13. Call from 2:30 to 4:30
o'clock. 3491D Nineteenth Bt.
COMPETENT girl for light second work and
5 to take care of child 6 years old: good wages.
Apply bet. 9 and 12 o'clock this morning, 2203
_Burhanan at. .
GERMAN woman as partner, 5c and lOo res-
taurant; she* must wait at table. and attend
to the cook. -Call box 1727. Call.
WANTED— Girl for general housework: apply
before 12 o'clock. 3448 Twentieth St.. NE. cor.
of Co pp.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; plain
washing; small famllypret; $20. 1828 Fell at.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
FolEom st., bet. 13th and 14th sts.
HELP,, WANTED-FEMA1E.
TWO waitresses for same springs. $20;. to start
Tuesday. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 1M Geary.
FOUR waitresses, sama mountain resort, $20; to
start Jure 1;. free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 1C4 Geary et.
WAITRESSES for genteel resort: $20; start
Wednesday; tree fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. *
TV.'O head waitresses, $30, $25; 10 waitresses,
family hotels, city. ?20; 6 restaurant wait-
resses, city. $7 week; 3 pantry girls. $25. $30;
silver pantry girl, resort, $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt. __¦
PASTRY and short-order cook, institution, $10:
cook and waitress, boarding house, $45; 6
fancy ironers, country." $30 and $40. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., lOt Geary St.
21 WAITRESSES for commercial hotels, Fres-
no, Madera. Selma, Tuolumne County, Haif-
moon Bay, Marysville. Corning, San Mateo,
Vlsaha, San Jose. C. R. HANSEX & CO., 104
Geary st.
HOUSEGIRLS and cooks for families "and
ranches; city and country; $20, $25 and $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAID and laundress. Yolo. $20, fare
here. MISS CULLEN. 32a Sutter St.
A— SECOND cook, private boarding-house, Ala-
rneda, $25 to $30, see lady here Monday; wait-
ress, same house, $20; restaurant cook. city.
$25: cook for men, $25, see party here, no ob-
jection to a child; cook for small hotel. Mari-
posa. $25. fare paid; cook, small hotel on the
coast, $30; dishwasher, across the bay. $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
IRONER. city, $30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter
street. ,
A— MIDDLE-AGED nurse. 1 child, city, $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— TWO waitresses for an institution. $25 each;
two cooks, $30; nursegirl. $20; two second girls.
$25 and $20; cook. American family of two. $'-S;
cook. San Rafael, $30. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
GIRL to work in bakery. 108 Ninth st.
APPRENTICES and finisher- on coats, j 117
Ruas st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in cooking and
general housework- In flat. 426 Scott st.
WANTED — Experienced apprentice, on. custom
made coats. 410 Kearny st., room 27.
WANTED-^A German girl as saleslady for bak-
ery and restaurant. Call 132 Fourth st.
A GIRL wanted to assist In general housework.
751 McAllister st., near Octavia.
WAITRESS. 448 Third st.
WANTED— Girl to assist with housework and
cooking; wages $20; references. 1123 Pierce.
GOOD girl for light housework and help In
store; no children. Apply at 106 Eleventh st.
WAITRESS wanted. 113 Turk St., In restau-
rant.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing. 1331 Golden Gate ave.
GOOD finisher and apprentice girls on custom
' coats; pay while learning. 126 Russ st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 910A
Devlsadero 8t., near McAllister.
GIRLS for handwerk on corsets. 231 Powell
street /
\
GIRL3 WANTED
To work on shirts: beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 36V4 Fremont St.; elevator.
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS, j
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STHAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32V4 Fremont.
NEAT girl: general housework, plain cooking,
assist with children; $20. CaJJ 233 Third ave.,
Richmond District; take Sutur or Geary cars.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
plain cooking; reference required. Call at
ISIS Pine st., near Octavia.
GIRL to assist in housework; easy, and good
home; no washing; only man and wife; $8.
1000 Golden Gate av., cor. Laguna, middle flat.
YOUNG girl for general housework; small fam-
ily. 731 Shrader st.
WANTED -Talloress; steady position. ROO3
BROS.. 25 to 37 Kearny Et.
COMPETENT girl for iteneral housework: no
washing; wnges $25; refs. required. 1 Scott et.
WANTED— Girl to do cooking; French cooking i
preferred. 2E9O Mission st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wanted as cook. 330
Main st.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman to helo In
general housework. 1428 Mason st.
WANTED— Operators on vests; wages from $3
to $12. 641^4 Stevenson Et.
WANTED — A neat appearing woman .is com- '
mercial traveler. Box 1717, Call office.
APPRENTICES for hair work at G. LEDER-
ER'S. 123 Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS experienced cook: best of wages
paid. 2067 Central ave.. cor. Willow st., Ala-
meda: references required.
EXPERIENCED finisher on trousers: steady
work; wages $10. 461^ Minna st.
GERMAN or Swedish ' girl to do housework.
Apply at 612 Octavia st.
OPRATORS and finishers nii gents' white
shirts. ROGERSON'S, 533 Valencia st.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis at.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. 8«4 Antonio at..
between Ellis and O'Farrell. off Jones.
FEW young ladles to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubscrlptlons has been established at 109$ Va-
lencla et.
HELP \VA.\T_J>— MALK.
WANTED— Cook and~w^rT~$557"cooks,^40," $35^
?30; night cooks. $9. $7 week: waiter who can
open oysters. $3 week: elevator boy, bell boy,
porters, hote) and grill room, kitchen man,
vegetableman. other hotel and restaurant help.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 628 Sacramento.
SUPERINTENDENT for mine. $200; engineer
fo'r mine. $3 day; 8 miners. $2 &0 day; 2 muck-
ers. J2 day: car man, $1 75 day: blacksmiths,
$2 50 day; 5 carpenters, $3 day, free fare;
block helper and floor man, $2 50 day; sash
and door maker: edgerman. $30: trimmer for
mill, $50; wheelwright: machinists for city
and country: $3 to $4; 2 boiler-makers, $3 75
day: woods and mill men, of ail kinds; wood-
choppers for 2000-cord contract for mine; man
to burn brick by contract. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY. 628 Sacramento et.
4 MEN and wives for ranches and private fam-
ilies. $45 and $50; starcher and wife, $60 and
Increase; 20 farmers, going wages; 8 milkers;
separator man, $30 and found; assistant dairy
man, $30; 2 men about place, $30; driver for
milk wagon, $50. and many others. J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY. 62S Sacramento et.
WANTED :
Chef cook for Honolulu, $100; laundryman. In-
stitution, country. $33; 2 gardeners, country. $33
and $25; vegetable gardeners, country. $25;
'blacksmith and helper, ranch, .*40_nd $30: black-
smith, country shop, $60; plain blacksmith,
vineyard, $3.1 and" found; 20 milkers, differ-
ent dairies, $23, $27 50 and $30; choreraen and
milk. $20 and $25; 50 farmers and haying
hands, $25, $30 and $35: 10 vineyard and or-
chard hands. $25 and $30; 8 men for stacking
barley, $1 60 day and board; man to run self-
• binder, $30
FREE FARE
CO laborers, S. P. It. R. Co.. $1 75 a day: 20
lumber pliers, $30 and found; 20 woodchon-
pers: lunch counter man. $35 to $40. W. D.
KWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— BAKER and pastry cook for springs hotel,
steady place the year round. $50; baker and
pastry cook for water resort, $50. C. R.
HANSEN &. CO.. 104 Geary st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 "th; tel. Jessie UJ.
A— SECOND waiter wanted for German hotel.
WO Howard st.
SOLICITOR and collector for Industrial Insur-
ance; 12-1, f>-6. r. 6. 4C5 Montgomery st.
BARBKR wanted; steady Job; good young man;
short hours. 213 Sansome st.
WAITER— Young man; $6 per week. 106 Mc-
Alllster at.
A DISHWASHER. 185 Powell »t.'
DISHWASHER— Competent, sober. 443 Third
street.
5 COD fishermen. I JAMES LAFIJN, Mission
and Spear wts. : schr Julia 13. Wlialen.
WANTED— Malp rook. Kastlako Hotel, SW.
cor. Bay and Webster sts.
GOOD night clerk for bakery and coffee house
617 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Middle-aged man as dishwasher at
SSS Illinois st.. Our House, Potrero.
WANTED— A lunch waiter. 17 Washington »t •
call -at 8 o'clock.
BARBERS for city and country: wages $15 up
Apply Immediately H. Bernard. 104 Seventh.
DUTCH dishwasher for small boarding-house
662 Fulton; at. . _¦ .,'
WANTED — A good waiter: . none but experi-
enced need apply. Call at 20 Third st.
SIGN painting— Wanted, boy who has worked
about 2 years at trade. 7J Third st.
fCAKB foreman or • a good second hand ; also
. boy. with, little experience. . 911V» Larkin at.
WHITEWASHING— Two good men on stage-
brush work. 14M Jackson st.' .
HELP WANTED MALE.
A.— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
WANT MONDAY, 7 A. M
Help for all parts of California. Utah, Wash-
ington. Arizona and Hawaiian Islands and
Oregon,' 5456 MEN
TREE FAKE and office fee SI and no other
expenses to Loa Angeles and Santa
districts, we ship you to-day, 9 a. m. and 6.*30
p. m.. for the S. P. R. U.. laborers and team-
sters, $2 day, FREE FARE
HATJIAK1XU AND HARVEST
289 men to run mowers, raKes. pitch and work
in fields, header men, etc., Jl 25, $1 50, fc! day
and fourid, COME AND SEE
STABLES. VINEYARDS. ORCHARDS. GAR-
DENS
16 stablemen, city and country jobs. $40, $35.
$30. $25 and found
123 vineyard and orchard bands. $35, '$30, $26
and found; 5 gardeners, 2 coachmen. 1 stable-
man, all for private families, $30, |23. X20 and
found, COME. SEE
DAIRIES. CHEESE FACTORIES
S3 milkers for different places. $35. $30 and
found; 5 butter makers and run separators,
boss here. $35 and found; 5 cheesemaktrs, dif-
ferent Jobs, $33 and $4> and found
.„.. .AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
..'. TO 35 SAWMILLS. ETC
.'....NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
E63 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $25 to $40 per
month and found
also lumber pliers, bark peelers. $40 and
found: crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers. band
sawyers, screw turners. Rang edcermen. In
fact we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $80, $75. $30, $120, $60,
$30, $10. $30 and found; 5S4 woodchoppers, tie-
makers, tools and fo«xl found, some at mines,
$3, $2 50, $2. $1 50. $1 and 75c cord
MECHANICAL HELP
19 blacksmiths and hcrseshoers, $2 50 day, *»0.
$70, $13, $25 and found; also 5 helpers. $12
week. $35 and found; 5 woodworkers, carriage-
makers, J3, $2 M day. $40 and found; circular
sawyer, $60 and found ; 2 bollermakers. $3 60
day: carriage painter, stripe and letter, fare
60c. $10 week and found; tool sharpener for a
No. 1 mine $50 and found
screw tender, ?32 and found; 3 carriage palnt-
?!?.sV P. R." R."— DIFFERENt'd'i VISIONS. . ..
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE «•-.-•••"
Section and reconstruction and NEW "OKK
LABORERS. YOU'LL SUIT. REGULAR
WAGES
SPECIAL NOTICE.. .MINES... BIG WAGES
85 laborers for mines, no experience required.
YOU'LL SUIT, JtO to $4S per month and
found; 2D miners, single hand $90 and $75
CROWDS GOING TO GOLD MINES
SPECIAL
Porter for a country grocery stnre, boss here,
$40; 3 milk wagon drivers. $30. $25 and found.
planer hand, rawmill co $- r >0 and found
T. FOR A NEW MINE
12 laborers, no experience, fare. $2 50. $34 and
found; 6 men and wives for ranches, $40, $33.
$30 and found.
..MEN. YOUNG MEN OR STRONG BOYS..
36 wanted to pull rhubarb, pick peas, pick
fruits, hoe between vines, make yourselves
otherwise useful, $17 50 and $20 per month and
found
READ THESE CAREFULLY
355 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco. $3.
$2 50. $2. $1 75 day; many city jobs, to board
home ... .i
Wanted for a new railroad Free Far*
teamsters $2 a day
rockmen $2 a day
laborers $2 a day
Free Fare Free Fare
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 6C6 Clay st.
ENGINEER for a mine, $D0, see boss here;
tinner and plumber, $2 23 day, fare 25c: paint- j
er's helper, $1 25 day: coachman. $30 and ;
found, country Job; clerk for a city Job. $20
and found. MURRAY _ READY, 634 and 636
Clay st. . I
• I
A— BOY for our office. MURRAY & REA DY.
A— COOKS BUTCHERS WAITERS
8 butchers, different shops, ranches ard i
slaughter-houses $30 and $33 and foui.1 j
8 bakers, city and country shops $40 and $.0 i
39 cooks, restaurants, hotels and boarding- |
houses, ranches, etc $35 to $R0 and found |
waiters, city and country hotels and resorts..
$:.'.. $30 and $35 and found {
Porters, elevator boys, etc. : 4 baker's helpers, i
$30. $35. $C"> and found. MURRAY _ READY.
634 and 636 Clay Ft.
WANTED— Helper In carriage blacksmith shop, i
BAY VIEW CARRIAGE FACTORY, San j
Rafael. |
DISHWASHER wanted. 431 Clay at.; call
early.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1522 Kentucky st.;
call early.
WANTED-A good porter for a barber chop.
100 O'Farrell st.
STRONG boy for tailor shop. 83 Third St., up-
stairs.
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay st.
3-CHAIR barber shop, close to Market St.; one
of the best stands In the city: at sacrifice.
Full particulars STOLTZ. 630 Market st.
INTELLIGENT young man for the exporting
department; knowledge of foreign languages
preferred; permanent; salary small at first;
promotion according to competency. C. W.
A., box 1715. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS 2-chalr barber shop for sale
cheap; suitable fcr 2 Indies or 2 gentlemen:
parties going to Cape Nome. 427 San Pablo
ave.. Oakland.
GOOD nickel and silver plater wanted and
burnisher on plated work. Apply at Dennis-
ton Plating Works. 632 Mission st.
WANTED— Strong boy to learn plumbing. Ap-
ply at 1105 Buchanan st.
WANTED— Strong boy to learn carriage and
wagon blacksmlthlng; reference. S2S Har-
rison St.
BOY with some experience In plumbing. Call
623 Davis St.. Monday, between 7 and 7:30.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD gardener for country place: wages $25.
MRS. CATTELL. 525 Eighth St.. Oakland.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for tha United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or psr-
eons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal., or
630 K st.. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special Inducements this season; only
Institution in the world teaching thia trade:
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
WANTED— Man to deliver and collect In S%p
Francisco and vicinity; $1"> per w«k and ex-
penses. Address DELIVERY DEPT.. 1336
Cherry St.. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor: big money.
1S6 Ellis st.
COMPETENT, hustling organizers: best frater-
nity on earth: sal. F. F. Roose. Pres.. Omaha.
KIRST-CLAS3 ooatmaker wanted. BELA3CO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 largs
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn bartering- and halrdressing at 3.
F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 113 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 28 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D, CAMPBELL, lawyer: 18
years' practice: Examiner b!dg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. !5c night; reading room: tree
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms loe to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. _0O Flllmore st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES. L1VC STOCK, fcjtc v'or Hale
THE sixth lot of the 2M> horses from the Canty
ranch Just In; from $20 up; 6 blacks, 2
browns and 2 whites in the lot. 2170 Market
st.; Castro-st. cars pass the door.
49 HORSES for sale; also tvagons. buggle*.
rarts. harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth Bt. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
BULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR rale— J extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. &jo Golden Gate ave.
HOl'Sli S TO LET.
L^AVENVVOnTH^ £06. near O'Farrell— 2-story
house. 6 room*, alcove an-1 bath; in good j
order; key at grocery. Apply to C S. CAPP
& CO.. Real Estate Agents. 630 Market at.
PIERCE. K. side. bet. California and Sacra-
mento— 2-atory bay-window. 6 rooms and
bath; neat house: nice neighborhood. Apply
to C. S. CAPP & CO.. Real Estate Agents.
630 Market st. .
A— PRINTED list: house- to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.» 14 Montgomery.
$20-ELEGANT sunny bay-window house of 7
rooms and bath; large yard, basement and
¦ laundry. 3570 Twenty-fourth St.. nr. Sancnez.
ELEGANT, sunny new house of 7 rooms and
bath; rent reasonable. 723 Castro »t.
BROADWAY. 1316. near Van Ness-Sunny 7-
Tocm house. .
6 ROOMS, bath, yard; modern Improvements;
rent $16. 275S 23d St.. bet. York. Hampshire.
LAGUNA. 1715-1717-8 rooms each and ba_;
modern, funny; convenient; rent reduced.
_UU9_~ iU ___— WR^ISII_Q
CALIFORNIA, near^
house completely furnished; resnor-iM, m
tleg. Call _t 1113 Post 3t. 4a ' a *> ar -
IIOI.'SIIS WAATED. ~
WANTED— A modern house in BW)4 _>e_jr~*
marine view; desirable; not to cxc?*s i-'"?-'-
AiJiires.^, stating full rarticulara b.j< !- "''
Call office. *?»*•
LOST A-A1J KOt'NnJ ~*
BLACK Japanese pus. sKiootn-TiaTrJj""^:,:-;
white «rot on breast, front feet hai' '- hk
license ::US. Return to DH. FITZuer u A :
1744 Mission st.. and receive reward, if f_»ij
In anybody's! possession after this notlca •! '.
-.-ill be prosecuted.
LOST— On Saturday evenins: in the Cv^u^TT
Theater or returning to Jackson and La^'i?
sts.. a gold lorgnette set with opal, diamon't
ami olivenf cluster: K. J. S. en^ravM: liberal
reward. Return to W. K. VAJtDERaUcn
CO.. 136 Sutter .«t.
LOST— On North Pacific Coast train Sandra
evening. May, 27, 1 Premo camera in caw
also 1 Eastman Pocket Kodak. Finr!._T r\- : •'
receive liberal reward by returning W Adver-
tising Bureau. Kmpprium: no fiu»st'.cr.3.
LOST— On Market, near Eighth. Sunday, nlf
in., white terrier bifh: reward at 12U Mar-
ket st. T. P. SAU.VDERS.
LOST — Receipt book containing 300 shares Im-
perial mlninz stock: reward. Ill Lai kin st.
LOST— On the 2 o'clock broad-sause boat, M ••
25. lady's ;roM huntin?-case watch, with rr.i n-
ocram N. E. DL back o? case: set with it*.
mond. ruby and sapphire. Finder plea.«« - .
turn to 1623 Ninth st., Oakland, and recelv,,
liberal reward.
LOST— Dank book on the Htbernla Bank, ia' u .»
name of MRS. AN'N McDANIEL. Finder «n
return same to the Hlbernla Banjc and recc ¦•.•»
reward. - - • •
LOST— April 5, large Maltese cat: name Toby
$10 re— ard. Return to IWt Valencia it. '
LOST — White English setter bitch; lemon ea-s.
Return 147 New Montgomery st. ; reward!
FOUND— A pocket-book in Metropolitan Ha'l
containins money; call at Lanshani H_t.«'
MIS3 M. KIRBY. ____"
FOUND- Lady's bicycle; owner can have sa - ¦»
by proving property. 2323 San Bruno avo~"
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' D h^
¦Iclan. formerly 401 Van Ness, returned fr-i
f.urop-5 with advanced knowledge- safe anj
reliable cur« J5; have treated thousand* _
caaes wit_ success; 15 years' practice in 3 f •
maternity home; low fe#a. I007\i Marka't st.*
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renown*!
ladles* ipecialist; iiafe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands 0*
ca.«os ruccessfully; treatment can be used v
hcrae; consultation free. Writs* or c_l a*
1CSU Market st. * s
I MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist; 23 yrs."
I practice: home in confinement; treatmsa* at
I cRce, K; any ailment; consultation free; ccn-
Mentlal. to? Post at., bet. Hyd» and Larkin.
I MRS DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Treat-
1 ment at offlce. $3: consultation free, vxj
! Market St.. between Mason and Taylor: of_;a
I hours. 9 to 5 ar.d 7 to 8; Sundays, V> to *.
I MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1C35 Market; ladles' s;xj-
ciallst; treatment at offlce, J5; conaultatioa
free: hour" 10 to 8. Phone Je»sie S57.
• DR. and MRS. DA VIES, 1228 Mark«t; ladies*
I physician; chronic diseases treated;* tats
*cl«*ntlflc methods; treatment, IS.
DR. NO TOT KEE, lat» of Canton. China: dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sa.jt-
j tarlum.7C4 facramer.to.nor.Kearny:advtee fre».
! NICE reliable hems for confinement: reasona-
ble. JC12 Folaom St.. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
! T. S.-DR. WISE.& CO.. the ladies' specialists.
. 1118 Market St.: every case guaranteed: Jj up.
MRS. ECHWARTING. midwife; private hem*
j In ccnflnemeat for laiies. 513 Eddy st.
DR. and MRS. M. WEOENER— Private horn*
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
I DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
I eases cf the human body. 113 Mason st.
MISfcELLA.NEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont s_
A — BUTS. sells or rents gear ma-hinery. en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITF.LAW. 214 Spear st.
FOR sale— Fine foxterrler rups; cheap. !13;j
Tehama at.
BARS, back bar?, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlce furniture ar..l
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
have a large-stuck cf saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything' in 14 hours. J. Nuo-
NAN, 1017. 1013. 1C2L 10_ Mission St.. abova
Elxth; write for catalogue.
WHISKY for family or medicinal use: 4 fiul
quart bottles, eipres>sage prepaid, is 23; noth-
ing on case to indicate contents: tw'.ce tb«
price could buy no better; mail orders solic-
ited. F. EPHKA1M & CO.. 13 Montgomery.
A-*3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, fl To. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
; A FINE suit. 110; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
i CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery »t.
FINE new launch huli cheap for cash; ensin*
!f desired. 11. T. Bradley. 384 14th. Oakland.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies: selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 5X3 Examiner bids.
WE rent full-dress and Tuiedo suits for S3 W.
Portland Loan Office. 15 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD Sz BKECK. 131 Post st.
CASH registers of every description for sale
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. Sth and lOtn.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
S100: concert records. J2 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
PORTAELE enslnes, boi!er3: Iron and wood
planers: iathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 4C3 California,
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market »t.
A lu-TOX Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar proof safe. 21S California st. *
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. -417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof sate; cheap. 12 Main st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slrled sticker: 1 planer and matcher: A
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 22a Fre-ionK"-
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The "Weekly Call.
IS pages. In wrapper, for yr-tlUng. Si per year.
MISCElLASEOtSWASTS.
WANTED— Second-hand sash and doors -heap.
Address box 1723. Call ofSce-
LATJNDKTMEK-Wanted. "* oon J- 1 L a ?? M l^* 0 ,~
Ironer; state price ami make. Box I.". Call.
WANTED—Second-hand "P^t -&'*??, ,, for
cash. H. L. WITITriTKAP. 1.1" Market nt.
page leans en rr promp t dealing: no
ANY Proposition any amourt; •*££*££&
r n %Ttl^^». e c^ratlon 1? ans. chattel
-.'.„ — ZTTT-. „, e Dl >r etnt! 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
AN\ imount "'JLPjrtirest real estate ia pro-
£*S?*__it_V^? "J bought: no ds-
??»?"rrt n-v t«?n" before doin? business else-
wh»r? tT MnCOLOAX. M Montgornery. r. 3.
HIGIILT respectable private place to obtain
nh-ril atlvam-e!. on dlamonda. Jewelry at low-
i«t rate* I.a!d win Jewelry Store. S4« Market
"., ? e r"-ral» «•£] Branch „ Third »t.
r^Vtrr-I'le-fiw of the Mint I^an Offlce. 14
N ?«.? si are transferred to W. J. Hesthal.
MCfhit whrr- 'he business will be con-
Unu£ T. -UBELSKJ. .
OV real estate. 1st or 2nd mortKa^es. ani on
/u-r'tur" or riaros; ro removal; any amount:
jowe'st rate*. BECKER & CO..2S Mont<o-iery.
x«r»<T reliable place to licrro— r on diamonds,
watches Jewetrj'- W, J- HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
ni^hest price for old gci-1. silver, diamonds.
ANY amcunt by private party on furniture and
plants- no removal; low rates; uonfident'.al.
DOXKLLI. Conservatory bid*.. ISO Powell st.
AT 12S Kearny at., room 5. re»p«ctabla private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 9D5.
ON furniture and plunos without removal :<ju!r!c
gprvlce: money direct; lowest interest. Rconis
6S and S3. Donohoe bulletins. 117a Market st.
LOANS made en furniture^it l's per rent; a n .?»
loans to salaried people. HARSHEARGEIi.
K2 Elils s>t.. room 14.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchnse. 431 Calif.
TO salaried people; without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tcus!ey Co.. 121 Parrott biff.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bulldins.
ON furniture, pianos. without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. IIS McAllister.
IF your property Is nort.-si;«»cl and you need
mure money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men without collateral or indorser j
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bulldln?.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly CaJ]
16 pacts, In wrapper, for nialiinff, {l per yearlW cat her Report
O20th Meridian — Pacific Tlin».>
PAN FRANCISCO. May 27—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
rtate, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall In the last 24 hours:
I^ast 24 This Last
Stations — hours. season. sea»on.
Eureka";?;... °-«> "•« 33.61
Red Bluff ".CO 22.80 20.42
Sacramento ...•••••• O.W 20.K 14.11
........... o!o0 1MJ ,6.10
Independence <>.<X) 3.6« 1.21
Pan Luis Oblspo O.W 17.30 16.41
Lost Angeles .•¦• O.W 7.«3 5.01
«an Diego O.W 5.9S 4.%
Yuma 00 ° ' J'29 1.34
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
63 decrees; minimum. 4S; mean. 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
northern :>ortion of the Pacific elope and fair
over* the southern. Llftht rain has fallen over
Washington. Western Oregon and Western Mon-
The pressure lias risen over the Pacific slope,
and fallen over th* Mt?sourl Valley.
The temperature has fallen over the Rocky
Mountain region and remained nearly station
ary in other districts.
: A thunderstorm is reported from Helena.
Conditions are favorable for fair and contin
ued pleasant weather In California Monday.
Forecast made at £an FrncUco for thirty
hours endine mldnlRht May 28:
For Northern California— Fair Monday: fresh
northwest wind. _• .
For Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh
west wind.
For Nevada— Fair Monday.
For Utah— Fair Monday; cooler.
For Arizona— Fair Monday. .
For San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday;
fresh northwest wind, G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Lntr
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Pay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high ana low waters occur at
tl.e city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY. MAY 28
NOTE— In the above exposition of the ti<l»*
Ihe early morninc tides are Riven In the :*ft
hand column and the successive tides of th*
day in the order of occurrence as to ttms. Tn»
second tim»> column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tl<s»
and the last or right hand column rives th«
last tide of the day, except wh»n thers are but
three tide", as sometimes occurs. Th<» height*
ctven are in addition tf> the soundings on th*
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — > precedes the hetsrht.
and then the number Riven is subtracted front
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low wj»>»r=.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL. •
Shipping Intelligence.
\RRIVED.
Sunday. Mar 27.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Nopander, 16 hours from,
Piseon Point.
Stmr Areata. Reed. 55 hour* from Coos Bay.
Stmr Washtenaw, Gilbcy. 100 hours from Ta-
Stnir North Fork. Bash. 23 hours from Eu
."Vmr Cbrona. Glelow. 87 hours from San
Dle*-o. etc.
Stmr Queen. Jensen, K hours from Victoria
and Puset Sound ports-
Nor stmr Tellu». Pedersen. ( days from Oyst?r
Harbor, via Comax 4H days.
Bark Germanla. Kasmussen. 11 days front
Bark Mohican. Kelly, 23'i days from. Hono
lulu.
Bark Alden Besse. Potter. 23 days from Hon
olulu. • "
Fr bark Marie Motlnos. Jan. 206 days from
Cardiff, via St. Nazaire 114 days.
Br bark Eaton Hall. Lourison. 44 days from
Sloop Imt>ossib!e. Low. 5 hours from Point
Schr Oueen of th^ Isles. Hltchfield'. 51 days
from Caroline Islands.
Schr Archie and Fontle. Jensen. 12 hours from
Schr Nettie Sundborgr. Anderson. 13 hours
from Fort Rosa.
Schr Newark. Beck. 1^ hoars from Bowens)
Schr Uaura May, Hansen. 7 days trom. Grays
¦ Harbor. •; •¦- m
! Schr Ocean Spray, Johnson. It hours from
Iversen? Landing.
Schr Rio Rey. Johnson, 2* hours from Men
doctno.
Schr H. C. Wright. Olsen. SI days from
Schr Mary C. Campbell, S hours from Fort
Ross. ;**
RETURNED.
Sunday. May 27.
Schr Berwick. Peterson, hence 'to-day, for
Slualaw, on account of carrying away th« Jaw»
of main boom. -->•¦•.*
SAILED.
Sundar. May 17.
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea, San Pedro. .
Stmr Cleone. Madscn. Caspar,
llktn Geo. C. Perkins. Maa<«. Ei;reka_
Bar«-e Santa P«ula. Nielsen. San Pedro.
Schr J. M. Colman. Llndhoim, Cape N'ome.
Schr Volant, Erik-ion. .
Schr Maxim. OUen. .
I Schr Fortuna. Loberr. Eureka.
| Schr Berwick. Peterson. StireUw River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 27—10 p. m.— Weather,
haiy; wind north we*t: velocity. D miles.
SPOKEN.
May 81. 34 N. 13S XV— Br ship Musselcraff. froia
Antwerp, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GREENWOOD— Sailed May 27— Stmr "Whites
boro. for San Franc!*co.
ASTORIA— Sailed May 2T-Br ntnir Argyll, for
Yokohama; utmr Nome City, for Cap« Nome:
stmr G«o. "W. Elder, for Case Nome; bktn
Arago. for San Franclwo.
EUREKA— Arrived May 17— Schr Ida McKay,
hence May 22. Sailed— Schr Jessie Minor, for
Honolvriu.
COOS BAY— 3alled May 27— 9tmr Empire, for
San Franctsco.
PORT JLOS AXOELKS- Sailed May IS— Schr
Coqullle. for Coquille River.
SEATTLE— Salted May 2S-?tmr Wlllamett».
for San Francisco; «tmrs Orizaba and Ruth, for
SAN 'PEDRO— Arrived May 27— Stmr Oreen
wood. from Enreka.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May t9— Scar W.
H. Smith, from Honolulu. Sailed May JI— Sctir
Novelty, fcr Callao.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
N. W. and Ellen Moodey to George W. Arm
strong, lot on N line of Haight street. 2J E of
Pierce. E 25 by N 110: $10.
Georre W. Armbruster to Jeremiah Looney,.
same; ?10.
Mary E. Daniels to Ernestine I. and Charles
L. Ayers, lot on NW corner of Page and Devls
adero streets. N 30 by W 107:6; $10.
John Dougherty to Justin and Marie Dauvil
llers. rv-reeord I:j98 <i- S«3. lot on N line of Bush
street 225 W of UrcnWick. W 25 by N 137:6: Jld.
Justin and Marie K. Dauvilliers to Frledrlch
Heltmeyer, fame; $10.
Ernestine I. and Charles L. Ayers to Mary E.
Daniels, lot on SW corner of Page and Devisa
dero streets, S 32 by W 100; $10.
Nannie A. and Morris Meyerfeld Jr. and Fred
erika F. and Sigmund B. Sctaloss to William O.
Trevlvick. lot on XV line of Cole street. 25 S
of Hayes. S 100 by W 103:114; $10,
B. P. and Kate Connor Oliver to Kugenie M.
St. Paul, lot on E. line of Julian avenue (First
avenue), 276 N of Fifteenth street, N 41 by S 94;
$3<K)0.
Francis and Julia O'Kane to William Crane
Hpencer, lot E line of Folsom street. 35 N of
Twenty-nrst. N 75 by E S3; $1350.
Isaac Anderson to Charles H. and Emma H.
Parsons, lot on S lkie of Thirteenth street. 100
W of Walter. XV 25 by H 10S; »10.
Thomas W. and Rachel V. Fisher to Emllle
A. Visher. lot on 8W corner of Fifteenth and
Xoe- streets. S 55 by W SS; $10.
William II. and LUlie D. George to Claus
Claussen, lot on W line of Capp street, 135 S of
Twenty-third. S 25 by W 122:6: $10.
Alblonia Whartenby to Ludwig M. Hoefier,
lot on SW corner of Twenty-third and Dolores
streets. W 124, S 114. E 24. N 40. E 100. N 74;
$10.
Sophie Hencken to Christine C. Hencken. un
divided one twelfth of half of lot on W line of
Vleksburjr street, 90 N of Twenty-third, N 105
by W 117; also property outside of county; $10.
William E. and Eliza J. White to Christian
Froelich, lot on SW line of First street 25 NW
of Howard. NW V) by SW 80: $10.
Aaron Kahn to Phina Kahn. lot on SW line
of First street, 50 SE of Mission, SE 22 by SW
75: «-ift.
Lizzie and H. W. Wlnckelmann to Joseph B.
Kennedy lot on NW line of Clementina street,
2:>5 NE of Sixth, NE 20 by NW 70; grant.
Joseph P. Cassidy to Theresa H. Cassldy, lot
on NW line of Chenery street. 1SS XE of Ma
teo. NW 100 by NE 25, block 11. Fairmount
Tract' **lft.
Matthew B. or Matthew and Mary Barry to
Anna M Barry, lot on'E line of Railroad ave
nue 4« 3 of Sixteenth avenue. S 60:3. E 77:6.
V W5-6 W 9S, lots B and 7, block 329. South San
Francisco Homestead and Kailroad Association
(reserving life estate); $2. t
Same to Edward J. Barry, lot on PE corner
of Sixteenth and Railroad avenues. E 113:S. b
43:6. XV 9«. N 46. block 329, same (reserving life
estate); $2.
9 Alameda County.
E B Pond and H. C. Campbell (trustees Be
nancio Arias) to San Francisco Savings Union.
€f>S d 277 lot on NE corner of Pacific avenue
and Pchiller street. EM. N 115. E 35. S 115. E
9 N 150 W 10S. S 130 to beginning, block 4j,
Map of ' Property In the vicinity of Enclnal
Station owned by Columbus Uartlett. trustees
deed. Alameda; !17T.O.
Angela C Barbagelata to Amelia \ . Iiarta
ge*l?ta undivided half interest in lot onE line
of Telegraph avenue, 100 N of Hawthorn ave
nue N ."0 by E 125. being lot 12, liuena Vista
Homrstead. Oakland: glfu
John Fearn Ccxccutor estate of J. \\ . Craw
ford) Goodwin K. and Amelia Crawford and
Molvin Savage (by A. W. Bishop, commis
sioner) to Home Security Building and Loan
Xswciatlon. lot on N line of Felton street. 125
F of Baker E 40 by N 134. block fl. amended
Map of J. W. Crawford Tract, Oakland; $1527.
H. 1). and Kate S. Rowe to l^e Roy H.
BrigKS lot on W corner of East Twenty-second
street and Eleventh avenue, NW 100 by SW 50,
block 131 B. ilap of Brennan estate property,
II. ofand earah J. Blasdel (by J. R. Lank
tree, commissioner) to John Rutherford, lot on
E line of Oranire street, 2C0 N from N line of
Latham Tract. K 240 by N 100. being portion of
Blasdel Tract Map 3. Brooklyn Township: also
lot on SE corner of Orange, avenue and Twenty
sixth street. E 240 by 8 9<), being portion of
same; T5I0O.
B. C. Hawes, (administrator estate of Charles
W. Dearborn, by J. B. Lanktree. commis
sioner) to HIb'ernia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on W corner of Ea?t Nineteenth street and
Tenth avenue, NW 150 by SW lou, block 10S,
Clinton. Eas-t Oakland; $550S.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to J. S
Wall, lot 1S3. plat 2, Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland Township; *J61.
Laura A. Plnney (wife of II. B.) to John
Kennedy, lota 20 and 21. block II. Revised Map
of Prospect Hill Tract. Brooklyn Township;
John Kennedy to Catherine Kennedy, same;
Andy L." Stone to John O. Rels. lot on NW
line of Fifth avenue. 112 NE from NE line of
county road from Oakland to San Leandro,
thence NW 113.92, NR T>), SE 1H.Z8, Stt' 70 to
beginning, Mhj> of Madison Square, Brooklyn
Townnhip; $10. /
Frederic J'arrott to Jeannette Parrott Fischer.
1.16 acres. beKlnnin* at most westerly corner of
lands of Julia A. Hardwick by deed of May B,
1<593, thence NE 91.61. NW 373.44. SW 141.61,
3E 254. OS. NE 20, SE 137.20. NE -30.54 to begin
ning; also let beginning at most easterly cor
ner of lands of Julia A. Hardwick by deed of
February 9. 1*97, thence NW 579.75. SW 247.'
NW 16. XE 283, SE to NW line of county road
No. 14M. thence SW to beginning, Brooklyn
Township; $10. „ „.
Charles N. and Mary K. Wood to George Ster
ling, lots 6 and 7 on Map of Kesubdivlsion of
Montgomery Tract. Oakland; $10.
Oeorge T. and Adella S. Hawley to Georgre E
Pratt, all that portion of lot 22. block G. Map of
Alton Park, which lies N of S boundary line
plat .12. Roilo V. and D.-Peralta Tract. Oak
land: ?10. ¦ . - . „
Mary and James Swea to \\ Illlam H. McKin
ncn. lot on S line of Fortieth etreet. 280 E of
Grove, E 40 by S 10O. beln* the NE quarter of
lot 14. Montgomery Tract Map 1. Oakland; |10.
i Builders' Cantracts.
Jane E. and Chas. M. pelshaw (owners) with
Cotton ' Dros. & Co. (contractors), architect
Herbert B. MagKs— PJllng. capping, eta., for a
four-story and basement brick building on the
SW line of Heal* street. 220:2 SE of Mission
SF 91:8 by SW. 137:6; $3374. -¦ - lon>
Same owners with J. WV.Wisslrigrer (contract
or), architect same — Carpenter and mill work
joists, hangers, rough and finished hardware
and wood block paving "for same on same
$14,72<X •. .. ¦ .-.¦¦ - ¦ '¦¦,:-. • ¦¦ -. . ...'
same owner with Thomas Butler (contractor).
CRAZY JOURNALISM.
Newspapers Published by Lunatics
for Lunatics. \
Dotted here and there over the earth are
little colonies whose inhabitants are cut \
off from all intercourse with the every- !
day world by their own idiosyncrasies.
Each individual lives in a world of his or
her own creation, which, in the majority
of cases, only two outside interests ever
succeed in reaching — namely, the asylum
doctor and the asylum magazine. I
In some ca^es the proof sheets are just
glanced at by the head doctor before tne
magazine goes to press, but the/ are
written, printed and published by the in
mates tliemselvc-s.
Although America produced the first
two lunatic journals, to Scotland belongs
the credit of having started the first paper
of this kind which has survived its in
fancy. In fact, the birth of lunatic jour
nalism took place when the first number
of the New Moon was issued from the
Crichton Royal Asylum. Dumfries, on De
cember 3, 1S44. Since that date the follow- |
ing have been successfully launched: The
Morningslde Mirror, from the Royal Edin
burgh Asylum; the Excelsior, from lames
Murray's Royal Asylum, Perth; the Fort
England Mirror, Grahamstown, South
Africa; the Murthly Magazine, from the
Perth County Asylum; Lnder the Dome,
the organ of Bethlehem Royal Hospitai,
London, and The Conglomerate, which be
longs' to the Middletown Asylum, New
York.
These magazines touch the journalistic
Ideal, as, being written by the readers
for their amusement, they cannot fail to
hit tho popular taste. We find that those
mentally deranged like about four-ninths
of their reading to take the form of travel
and heavy prose articles of a strictly the
oretical nature. The rest of the contents
comes in order of quantity as follows:
Humor, local notes, poetry, chiefly in a
light vein; special articles oh local the
atrical an>l fiction.
The most striking feature about these
journals Is the 'almost total absence of
gloom and melancholia, and we have it
on the word of the doctor of one of the
leading asylums that this is not owing
to such contributions being tabooed. But
now and again one comes on a poem or
tale drenched with melancholia and mor
bid insanity. In one of these journals ap
peared a story written in the ilrst person
about a hero — undoubtedly the writer —
who had his head twisted round the
wrong way. The consequence was he in
variably hnd to walk In the opposite di
rection to which he wanted to walk. This
terrible fate haunts him right through
the story, causing him to lose friends,
money and everything else which man
holds dear anrt ends up by his, in his own
mind, murdering the girl who was to save
him from himself.
According to the story the heroine was
standing on the edge of a great precipice.
The hero is standing near. Suddenly the
heroine becomes giddy and totters on the
brink. The hero tries to dash forward
and save her, but of course runs the other
way. Here comes a break in the nar
rative, which is finished by the follow
ing Fentence: "And the gates of an asy
lum for those mentally deranged shut the
writer off from his friends in the outer
world."
Apart from such trapedies as the above,
the whole of these journals are saturated
with humor. In one we lind the follow
ing among "Questions We Want An
swered":
"When doe3 the Queen of Sheba in
tend to recotmlze the royal rank of the
•Prince of Wales?' Did Marie Corelli'
really tweak the doctor's nose? "Why
did 'Ranji' throw the ball at 'W. G.'s*
head during the practice at the nets,?'
Perhaps it should be explained that tne
celebrities referred to above are not those
known to the public, but other persons
who claim their personalities and are de
tained in the asylums for that very rea
son.
\ A writer in The Fort England Mirror
gives the following reason for his de
tention: "I met a young widow with a
Erown stepdaughter, and the widow mar
ried me. Then my father, who was a
widower, met my stepdaughter and mar
ried her. That made my wife the mother
in-law of her father-in-law and made my
stepdaughter my mother and my father
my stepson. Then my stepmother, the
stepdaughter of my wlfo, had a son.
That boy was, of course, my brother,
because he was my father's son. He was
also the son of my wife'3 stepdaughter
and therefort? her grandson. That made
me grandfather to my stepbrother. Then
my wife had a son. My mother-in-law,
the stepsister of my son. is also his grand
mother, because he is her stepson's child.
My father is the brother-in-law of my
child, because his stepsister is his wife.
I am the brother of my own son. who is
also the child of my step-grandmother.
I am mv mother's brother-in-law, my
wife is -her own child's aunt, my son is
my father's nephew, and I'm my own
grandfather. And after trying to ex
; plain the relationship in our family some
seven times a day to our calling friends
for a fortnight. I was brought here— no,
came of my own will."
Another declares thnt he never found
rest from his mother-in-law before, and
'he intends to hoodwink the doctors as
long as possible. And yet another points
out that* it ha.« always been the fate nt
really preat men to be Ijrnored or ill
treated by their contemporaries, and that
is why he is now detained. "For the
thick skulls and those of little sense are
jealous of my beinsr the first to discover
that we could all live forever if we would
only walk on our heads instead of our
feet." — London Mail.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F B Stewart. Line Pn B A (Jlllm^re, Pomona
II O May. siacto Mrs O G Wagner, L A
M J Boggs. Colusa Mrs L, McN'amara.I, A
W II Linney, Wardnr W J Hannah & w. Mnt
8 M Walker. Vailejo E C Smith. Pac Grove
J Beaton, Chicago L D McLean. Watsnvl
H B o Halliday. Wash G J Owens. Cal
E II Vance. Kureka -M Woolf, X Y
Miss E Vance. Eurka A Rengeer. Chicago
H J Pliuger. Fresno C A Huggies. Stockton
Mrs Dora Richardson, !T li Dlckson, H Crua
Kalamazoo |E K FolsOffi. Salinas
T M Regney, Bakersd W II Atkinson. Napa
A V Thoms. Cat |W H Uoucher. L Ang
E P Gibson. NY |A li Jones, N'apa
Mrs A Beermaker, San XV It Johnson, ijtocktn
Jose PV A Morris?ey. Stckn
Miss Beermaker, San L K Poundstone. Cal
Jose ]M Blum, Vasaville
C B Conn. Sacto I>r I., E Cross. Stocktn
J M McGee Oroville "II Archambault & son,
Mrs H McKay. Napa ! Red Bluff
A McBean. Oakland !
PALACE HOTEL.
W R Dinmore. Crsi II Max Moses. N Y
D Brackenbertr. Lndon J I) Duty. N Y
Mrs Brackenbrg. Lndn *' G Kmery. N Y
Mi.=s A Willis. M Park Mrs J Benton. N Y
W H Ramsey & w. O ) MIfs Moran. S Rafael
A B Cohen, St Joe. Mo! U Jacob. N Y
I>r L Sweetwajr. TrntoiH O Drummond. Lndn
Mrs Sweet way, Trnto'J F Parks. Jackson
M J Welch. Mass - ] A Reynolds & w, Colo
W Kelley, Palo Alto C A Williams, Johnsbg
W E Hencth. Chicago! E M Kchelbugby. L A
S M Dcwey Seattle IP W Dick & w. N* Y
Leonard Cox. .NY j R Hartshorne, N Y
G D Edward? & w.LA|I> S Rosenbaum, Stktn
K Knudson & w. USA; Mrs Rosenbaum, Stktn
W H Post & w, StckniJ C Gavi, Chicago
L Minnis. Mo A W Foster, S Rafael
S J James, Mo S Aug.-tein. Philadel
It F Lozler, Mo jA Kaiser, Stockton
W H West. NT IB Hrrbst. N Y
NEW WESTERN" HOTEL 1 .
L Smith. Oakdale IF W Cain. Tenn
A J Anderson. Benicia S Berglund. Minn
M Manion, Henicia B E Buckner. S Rosa
V Eririlla, San Jo<*<? : W D Gibson, S Rosa
Capt E Nelson, MntrylA Sandran. Sanger
C Schimniel. Cons BayjW Coleman, Sanger
I) Bird. Coos Bay >P Glvia. I>os Ang ,
C M Arrasmith. CourtlJ Williams, Los Ang j
J Merley. Benicia ;S Williams, Los Ang I
A Sylvester S L OMf-p'J Plnnell. Selma '<
C It AnUrewg. Mich I ;
architect same— Brick work and granite Wooka
and sills for same on same; $13,5a6.
Same owners with H. L. Petersen (contract
or), architect . same— Concrete walls, pier»,
floors, sidewalk, asphaltum and cement plas
tering; sumpo for elevators for same on same;
jjimes L. Flood (owner) with Conlln & Rob
erts (contractors), architect J. E. Krafft— Tin.
copper and galvanized iron work, slate roofing,
etc., for a three story and basement residence
on N line of Broadway, 137:S W of Buchanan
street, W 137:6, N 175, E 137:4fc. S 17:*, E l l i
Inches. S 157:6; $2255.
Same owner with Excelsior Redwood Com
pany (contractors), architect same — Mill work
lor same on same; 579W.
F. Kronenbers (owner) with C. Shutt (con
tractor), architects Salfield & Kohlberg— All
work tor alterations and additions to a three
stery frame building on KE corner of McAllis
ter and Franklin streets, N 120 by E 137:6;
*SU5O.
Justinian Caire Company (owners) with
James A. Wilson (contractor), architect E. A.
Herrmann — Grading, excavating, concrete. Iron,
mason work, stone and terra cotta, fire proof
ing, steel and iron work, etc.. for a four-story
and basement brick building tin SE line of Mar
ket street, ISO X Ko* Second, NE 33:4 by SB
156:1; $35,144.
Alice D. Gauld and Isabelle Van Winkle by
L. K. Van Winkle, attorney and Lawrence K.
Van Winkle (owners) with Petterson & Pers
son (contractors), architect K. A. Hermann —
All alterations and additions to a three-story
and basement frame building on SB line of
Market street, M:S XE of First, NE 45:10 by SE
137:6; 53123.
A: Petzold (owner) with White Bros, (con
tractors), architects Martens & Coffey — All
work except draining:, plumbing. gusflttlng,
lathing, plastering, painting-, graining, tlntinsr,
electrical work, finishing hardware, art glass,
mantels, gas fixtures and shades for a three
story frame building (six flats) on N line of
Eddy street, £2:6 E of Franklin, E 52:6, N 120,
XV 52:8, S 52:6; $17,424.
Same owner with Pohanz & Grundy (con
tractors), architects same— Gasfltttng. dralnlnff
and plumbing for same on X line of Eddy
street, 52:6 K of Franklin, E 52:6, N 120, "W
32:6. S 120; $2350.
Same owner with Martin Peterson (Contract
or), architects same— I'slntinp. graining and
varnishing for same on same; $1196.
HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 28, 1900,
9
'un risen
4:5J
>un sets
VIoon sets (n*w)
0:<X> p. m.
3 'TJm*! [Time] (Time!
2. 1 Ft. f Ft. I
• I. W H W L. W
I ITlme!
Ft. f : Ft.
!HW
!9 ... i:12j— 1.11 12:15) ?¦" *¦&
n ... S:f«— l.lf 1:09! <.8| i:S9
U ...I *:4o;— 0.9i 1:59 4.9! S:21
'H W| [Xt W jH \V
3.1' 10:52 «.3
3.1 U:3S «.d
: 3.2!
iL. W
tt ...I 0:^.*i B.»l 7:31;— <>.« 2:461
» .. } 1:11 5.3! S:13;— i>.2f C:32!
' 4.S 7:13{ 3.3
4.9 8:23! Z.X
2 ...' 2A'.: 4.*' S:.w! 0.3i 4:17!
¦t I lit? 1 4.3' 9:n; O.S! 4:53!
' 4.91 9:3^' 3^3
! S.0! 13:.i2 S.rt
Steamer. | From. I rni<*.
1"
Bristol fjypfr Harbor IMay Z*
Empire '/'oos Bxy IMay Zi
iiaetlc 'China and Japan M iy .'•
Bonita 'Newport (May »
Curacao jMexleo iMay T*
Willamette 'Seattle (May r»
Universe (Oyster Harbor [May I>
ritaie of Cal fOr^ston Ports iMay »>
L,uxo» Hamburg iMay *>
Titanla iNanalmo |May 31
Santa. Rosa ?an Diegn ,..;May 31
Crescent City...;O»sr<»nt City Utay 31
ProKreK) 'Tacnma IMay 31
Mattfs*an :Taooma 'May 31
Pomona Jlumboldt IMay 31
Marlpowi [Sydney June I
IValla Walla... Victoria & Puset Sound June I
L'oos Day ;X<»wport 'Jun» 1
Point Arena ¦Mendocino fjune t
D*l N.>rte Porta ljune x
City of Sydney, i Panama [June 1
Robt Adamson 'Nanalmo June l
Marklnaw ISeattle June I
Wellington [Oy»te» Harbor June I
Sorth Fork tllumrmMt June S
Columbia iPortlanJ Jun« t
.Steadier. | Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
Colon Panama .May 29. 12 m PM33
Columbia .. Portland (May 23. 11 amiPler 24
Pt. Arena... Point Arena. .'May 28. 2 pm Pier 2
Ig. Mariscal! Mexico !May 2*. 4pm'Ptern
Pomona ....(HumboMt [May Z*. Spm!Pte» 9
City PeklnrChinaAJapan May 21. 1 pm|PM53
Corona ISan Diego IMay 29. lUrn;Pi»r 11
N"orrJ» ForkJHumblodt IMay 2». 12 miPler 3
Xoyo i Cape Nome.... 'May 23. 3pm'Pler 3
Arcata JCoos Bay jMay £>. 12 mlPler 13
AujiniSla ... Honolutu j May 30. 2 pm'Pier I
Humboldt .'Cap** Nome.... [May Z9, SpmjPierii
Bonita. (Newport 'May 31. 9am|Pi»rlt
City PueblaiVlc & P« SdJMay 31. 11 amiPler t
Newburg; ...Grays Harbor- May 31. 5 pm!
State of Cal Portland (June 2. 11 amiPler :i
S*anta Ro»a. San THego 'June 2. 11 am. Pier 11
San Jo«e Cape Nome.... June 2
P«»1 Norte...- Oregon Port^.iJnne % '
'un risen
4:5J
>un sets
VIoon sets (n*w)
0:<X> p. m.
3 'TJm*! [Time] (Time!
2. 1 Ft. f Ft. I
• I. W H W L. W
I ITlme!
Ft. f : Ft.
!HW
!9 ... i:12j— 1.11 12:15) ?¦" *¦&
n ... S:f«— l.lf 1:09! <.8| i:S9
U ...I *:4o;— 0.9i 1:59 4.9! S:21
'H W| [Xt W jH \V
3.1' 10:52 «.3
3.1 U:3S «.d
: 3.2!
iL. W
tt ...I 0:^.*i B.»l 7:31;— <>.« 2:461
» .. } 1:11 5.3! S:13;— i>.2f C:32!
' 4.S 7:13{ 3.3
4.9 8:23! Z.X
2 ...' 2A'.: 4.*' S:.w! 0.3i 4:17!
¦t I lit? 1 4.3' 9:n; O.S! 4:53!
' 4.91 9:3^' 3^3
! S.0! 13:.i2 S.rt
Steamer. | From. I rni<*.
1"
Bristol fjypfr Harbor IMay Z*
Empire '/'oos Bxy IMay Zi
iiaetlc 'China and Japan M iy .'•
Bonita 'Newport (May »
Curacao jMexleo iMay T*
Willamette 'Seattle (May r»
Universe (Oyster Harbor [May I>
ritaie of Cal fOr^ston Ports iMay »>
L,uxo» Hamburg iMay *>
Titanla iNanalmo |May 31
Santa. Rosa ?an Diegn ,..;May 31
Crescent City...;O»sr<»nt City Utay 31
ProKreK) 'Tacnma IMay 31
Mattfs*an :Taooma 'May 31
Pomona Jlumboldt IMay 31
Marlpowi [Sydney June I
IValla Walla... Victoria & Puset Sound June I
L'oos Day ;X<»wport 'Jun» 1
Point Arena ¦Mendocino fjune t
D*l N.>rte Porta ljune x
City of Sydney, i Panama [June 1
Robt Adamson 'Nanalmo June l
Marklnaw ISeattle June I
Wellington [Oy»te» Harbor June I
Sorth Fork tllumrmMt June S
Columbia iPortlanJ Jun« t
.Steadier. | Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
Colon Panama .May 29. 12 m PM33
Columbia .. Portland (May 23. 11 amiPler 24
Pt. Arena... Point Arena. .'May 28. 2 pm Pier 2
Ig. Mariscal! Mexico !May 2*. 4pm'Ptern
Pomona ....(HumboMt [May Z*. Spm!Pte» 9
City PeklnrChinaAJapan May 21. 1 pm|PM53
Corona ISan Diego IMay 29. lUrn;Pi»r 11
N"orrJ» ForkJHumblodt IMay 2». 12 miPler 3
Xoyo i Cape Nome.... 'May 23. 3pm'Pler 3
Arcata JCoos Bay jMay £>. 12 mlPler 13
AujiniSla ... Honolutu j May 30. 2 pm'Pier I
Humboldt .'Cap** Nome.... [May Z9, SpmjPierii
Bonita. (Newport 'May 31. 9am|Pi»rlt
City PueblaiVlc & P« SdJMay 31. 11 amiPler t
Newburg; ...Grays Harbor- May 31. 5 pm!
State of Cal Portland (June 2. 11 amiPler :i
S*anta Ro»a. San THego 'June 2. 11 am. Pier 11
San Jo«e Cape Nome.... June 2
P«»1 Norte...- Oregon Port^.iJnne % '
NUMBERS I
— OB* THE — «
BENEFIGENGIA PUBL1GA !
City of Mexico. May 24, 190O \
7 T
No. Priae. \So. Prlie.lNo. Prlz*. t
69 K) 164 *li S23 20 T
403 10-5 416 vrt 419 20 t
455 2<) 45« nl 473 fJ T
513 201 540 2»>!"*M I 1 ) *
611 20 664 10 7S1 20 7
Ml • »/ 937 40[ 1021 4>1 7
10*2 4lj 144* 40! 14S5 »> 7
1607 2i) 1743 .4')! 1752.; 2<> 7
176S 20 17S0 40 1S49 *> *
1890 20 1979 201 2190 40(7
ZZ0 40 2257 2o[ KS4 » 7
2362 jo| 2446 40j 24*5 V»> 7
2S46 40| 2704 ' 40(273+ *> I 7
27S0 2012834 1<V-1 2919 4» ! 7
1945 4*>' 301S TOitSi 4O[7
34W 4'>! 3M3 20j 4.-C1 W 1
4091 20 4305 20(4345 40 7
4366 40 4374 20! 4S23 20 7
4777 2«> 4S19 10W 4»:J5 »> 7
4»47 2'J! 4S5< V»M 4995 ?> 7
5001 2*> 5112 401 51S0 l'O 7
5203 20 5Ci*<> ; 20; 5372 40
53S3 Jii 53S3 40f 54S2.V l->» f
594S 2») f 5957 4'>; «0S7..: S> t
60&6 40! fc»13 4'»t 640'J •?<» i 1
S52S 4') 6550 2<): 6.T51 J'|(
656J 1001 6919 4» 6334 2> j
63S2 20' 7173 2>| 71M 2» f j
• 7247 -201 732J 2'), 7329 , *> I I
7359 2017458 40' 75SS I*'
7595 4)| 772« 40' 77S3 20 1
7804 lot" 7*6 2W>: 7»7O -»•"> I «
7376 20000* 79S6 20- S212 M
S30S »»• ?45<V 20; 87OJ 4)
S84* 4>lj 8S4» lw»! S924 4>) .
896a 5iVl Si74 SM S213 21
92S6 lfiO 9424 2"' 9495 2<> '
952> 2>) 9J47 4';j ?5i2 20
6669 20' 9704 20' 979? 20'
9SS.1 So) 9923 2010M-1 6»0 t '
l'>354 20il0153 20 1C161 20 I
10316 49110380 40^10542 2i.< |
1076.' 2't>>'IO7S9 2.}'1<)S76 20 ', ,
11276 2OJU3.-.7 Lti;114»l l'»> | '
U523 r)tlliS7... 4OJ11C4 2> :
11697 4<l!llSir. 2it:llSi7 W;
11923 2OJ120O2 2ij;i^)73 4>> | ,
!2H» 2DJ12167 «H121SS 40 t ;
1219S 100112255 40Ii:43<1 ?> , t
112543........ 40 ; 126?1 20112754 20 :
12736.: RM128S2 20J129W 20 \
j 13037 2-> 13102 1W)i13173 '>«
13156 40:13236 4'V122S3., 40
13415 40134f.2 1O! 13451 . *t
1J56O aml3S«a SOjUTIi » ,
13S03 2Oil3S24 4OS13S3-) Si
Itll7 1C0 H5S4 2OJ14669 MO
1 nv»s 2o';iioi5 ;o;i5iti« v*»>\
U321 20 15789 lu>,15S59 ?J
163o» 2(»"!l«446 Z0'l««4 K» I
1K42 4OJ16M4 2016.S30 40 t
16S36 2f!|16»5O WtlftSTI 20
m«91 4'>jtil25 K(O'1713« S>
17276 4OJ17371... 20
17643 4'>il773« t»flT7M 2"0
17953 2o!l8111 aOilSll-i »
U160 2'>ilS176 2fKl*36!» 2fi
VHS3 4'.i!lS6-?6 20IU753 20
1S732 40|l?S«5 4W18S71 1*» j
19157 20 1S228 40 1923* 4'> |
1927 1 ! 2O!1942fi 2i«>il9«:» 4« i
19S37 2O2C316 20J2934? t>
2O5H1 20120516 5OOJ2W77 20
20712 l«li207S2 20(20739 2->
•20997 20121006 4OI21O4O T> j
1 210P2 4iJ. 21119 '4"f21172 40 1
i •1220 2W21224 2O 21390 SO]
•21463 100 ; 21.">11 SMJWM 4')
21«O9 20 21640 40:21644 40 i
! 21696 20!217SB 2O;21S98 *•>
21965 J0J22O65 4022>W» 20
22136 20122166 4OK244 V,
| 22215 40'22356........ 20122367 20
(22477 20,22482 20 :'-.*773 4'>
122777 2022387 ¥KOISH 20
[23142.. 20123171 2O1234-57 4> j
[ 23475 2f>;23«>2 2'>'2n«54 23 I
2SC61 20:23Sll 2<»'23:'63 40;
! "4)19 2Oi21O«3 4O'24'»;4 3> |
I ->|i<!9 .... 40(24233 3O'2t.T53 1*1 J
: 244CS 41^4447 2n:246 1 <? 100
24703 102S0M 4rt;2.'il7 < ! SO
25342 20|25356 2f>;2542S 4»
25553 40j2.-«74 *0
26171 2O0J26216 41 262S7 . »> j
26«7O l<»tSMS« 20 26.111 100 j
26541 2'l:26S*4 10 2S7M 2> ;
»67fi4 2W'2C«17 :0|2CX3S 41.
J7072 40:27177 20,27246 2*> ¦
«>7^(j . 20 ( r72Sl 2JHTHM ,4»
2im mZltti 4'Vl.'7:M7 45 t
27959 lf*i279*S MI2SO23 W
2SOS4.*.!...... 2012S196 2Oj2«251 »]
IS305 2fiiCS3:,3 20j284*> 1W j
2S471 l'iO.2S7«3 20.2S7>7 20 ,
2Sy>3 . 20I2S328 2O.IJ2SSH3 SI ;
••^947 2O;2S3-?6 20:2>V'3 100 ¦
23163 IWK'241 l«i|292W 21;
2^05 2O29»14 2i>i236S4 !•»
29761 4O;29)mi9 JOftSWJ 4> !
•ssr."! 2OS1O2S ¥r-3f*ft~ 200 '
i 3S053 2*> 130060 l«0 - 3«W4 ?<> I
! ,ini*» 20>3ClS1 20'30lT0 2') |
!?.^4ir.. . 20,30173 WI3O577 Wt
[softja jwsme -4'>'3n«M 4a
i 30753 2O31077 40 31175 ?!
i 314" 1 ! .... »{31S90 40;31591 S>
31S3O S0J319SJ 4032039 40
32060 2OO ! 321fl4 40;32lS4 2'>
j"4;s 2O'324S7 ZO'SCSll 2»l
32573 4'.32«77 1W32724 101
32793 40 32<m 20'32S53 t> I
32341 21iT2-'6O ?>'S3llO 20 i
! s»i.sn 2OI3333S 2O ; 33424 2>
33.V»> 2O;«6«3 40;3363S 40 \
337S" 2^:33561 2^3.1)o4 »» j
S33SS 20 34101 40;34IS9... 20 j
34-».-,l 2P;343'?« 2O34.W7 40
24561 4<»34.-»<>« 40M592 4M
3467D 2*> 34707 4"34S5« 2) \
' j-iSSI 2034S94 20 349: < > 20!
I oj,/>ij 20J33O40 20JJ5U8 40 1
j BUS 40,3.1334. ?«>3549l 1IW
, 3^527 if ! 35339 *»i 357-12 40
! •J576-' . 3Oi3St>10 2Oi35.«22 40
I 3.-.S65 1W,3«00.. 40 362-J7 t>
1 3iCJ4;5 49IS8404 4^a64.'.3 4-»
3fi;,!»4 4ft3fi«70 40 387T3 100
j 36"v4 ?).S6?S2 2T37076 in<>
! 37146 r>.37ir.7 1W37227 40 j
i S7**S6 2O ; 373>52 40137547 4-i I
'¦ ?.-h* 20137731 2<V3?«>4S 40
i 1SH2 inn'3S32» M0I38329 1W I
1^12 lfiOi3S361 2O:3S30t 40 j
8853ft 20 3S>>01 2O!2S(T.l 20 !
i 3S762! ....... Mn;*&SS7 ld>,38S17 4-> !
HS049 2"'3SO27 2OI3027S 40
I 353y ... 4OJ39MI 20 2^>517 40
J357S, 20'39673 100139725 ZO
J3S31..". 10*39*3* 20:39<(« 40
39JO7 " 2>V39970 20 33932 &»
40170 4O;4fi62S 2'"!4'V5J9 2">
4O7'>9 2'>!4rt73-> 40;41<100 2>V>
! 4iO4-» 4'H4127S 2<?;41:53S 20
! 41341 20)41365 40(41402 40
j 41.-62 2OIU663 4'i;4l717 4>)
; 42157 4(>H2»14 WO142398 M
i 42f,Srt 20 42763 :. 2OI42J43 4>
i 4>5J4 S>Urv«2 Vt 43250 20
i 4?.-'S6 20J43S64 4i!l3343 20
i 43-5«3 2i>l44.V,D 29144113 40
I 44i;o 4044172 2Oi443H 20
i 44429 1COI4U91 2')'4432-) 4<5
| 4isss £O0j4»763 2o|4»7S> -20)
! 44J34 2O|4434« 20'45O0$ 20
(45013..* 10OI451SO 2OJ45311 4->
I 4532S 40:43418 2W45522 .40
1 4*,600 4>|45675 40(45710 40
¦ i"x; ioUrv'r, J0.43WS 100!
; 45V") ' 4Oi'4.'')r» 4-M5W6 2D
¦ 46063 20)46122 40 46132 20 1
'46316 2";4e-677 20;.4«.So9 20
I 46870 41UKS74 2OI46924 40 !
j 47006 4O|470«« 100J4713? l-V)
i 47403 WU7SQ1 2047543 40
I 476i» 2O!47«a 20U7S16 2) I
!-47^7 4il!4776S 20;477S3 21
i 47S2S 4O47S75 40;479<^ 20!
I 4S032 4O:4S110 20.48119 20
: 4S125 4Oi4S14« 20 4S163 20
48193 20 «221 20|4?259 4>
4Sr.> 4O4S306 10-)!4S.V>4 2->
4S5d3 2i>i4*»ns 100 4V633 2"»
I 4Xg|i 1OO'45;S4S 20 4S637 •:)
j 457.-.T 2a!4SST» 1C00U932S 1ft)
I 4344S 40*49791 40! 49920 £>
• 49932 2>;5W)fi7 2OI5C112 40
| 5i)124 20150127 lOOIiOJSO ft
J 50339 W5OH7 2030423 100
50540 *)S06S7 lc0i3C673 20
M7r.? 100*)774 2OiSOS19 100
5CS77 l<r>i30«M 20>50957 20 j
50990 40151033 40!51112 40
¦j 5H4S 2031232 SKalttO... 2) i
I 5H00 2OJ51420 4OJ51472 4)
¦' 61361 HhSlTTJ 2O-51916 40 I
¦i b"077 .. »i6J108 •*0!I2112 S»
t J22S2 2-1132319 2Oi524S7 23 I
52536 .. 2O'C2651 40|32702 20 I
l>-,92 200153033 20OI53118 »!
5331:) 4T53391 2t>5J->40.. 4J
53331 ?)!523S6 20!j37SS ft»
54574 40 54204 2V)'342O9 20
54J°s! 2v>'54333 20I54418 4<)
54490 2>V543«< 40i545S4 20
5460<> 20;5473 : > 20455037 4-1
5Sfl4j 20133127 40(53314 2»
553SS £0)155433 4i).33iO4 4>>
K617 100153675 20I336SS lrn
3:>7->« 40 : 56143 S>.36440 23
56445 20|5S4»S 40J56674 »>
D«785 2O-56S42 20 3*832 2)
t6S33 .... 40!5iffi«2 lOOiafaM S»
S7073 :C|5711S 4Oi;7223 40
57336 2.H57C22 205776O »
57S75 2O'5S021 2O5S114 n
58144 2O;5Jt2CO 4015*233 10O0
CJ34S 20:5S3»8 4OirS373 2»
t?33S .... 20J5SS83.V \ 20i3X3J4 Jil
ES647 20I3S725 401SST29 J>
5$^33.. 100t"»9<Ml 4035142 20
5913J 10on:33353 2;>;3r514 J)
! R9<ss JO|5»66S 10OI597U 2» '
SD734 20t3!W2l 21*60071 »
, f.0177.; SO;6n3SS 40-60472 40
60661 W.&m aX.!6.)S63 20
, 60353 10Oi6101« 41
, 61437 2061301 2OIM333 jf>
. si^2 20161570.. 20!«US0 49
«1MS 40l«l«?S 100,62217 4.>
62279 20<6237« 100,62131
, €2302........ 100627OT 200i«2727 20
62729 40162994 ICO'6303* *)
63131 100163319 20163412 40
63444 2OJ63517 4*63563 - »
63«14 *>;6J813 2-)!«3703 -»n
f3751 23i637S2 10O:S3SS4 5o>
63^16 20163574 40.64232 -k>
64340 100!643S1 20 64711 «*>
fi4T21........ 40i«4SW 20!6«27 «
64*3r>.... 49iS49tSS 20J63O3S ' »
«Cft«9.. ...... 20(63174 100 65383 .- js>
6i394 40i63397 2O;65445 -a
65539 • 20 636.'!3 43:63923 jTx)
, 66222 2O:«e27O... «|6€2S4 s>
66356 2O«S*32 "•»! 86563 -4^
£6611 20 66623 40S66663 M
66718 40fS6724.. lirtj««777 *J
<W945.. 39 671U 40 «7T7l.. 20
; 8754J 201*7571 »>i«772O lno
67767 ,. tfilfpm.-. 40JS7WS. ....... 49
fisooi........ rj:«s?37 woisssa :o
ro. Prtie.!N*o. PriwMNo. Prlzj.
M05 4OS84W 10f>.«Mr *>
J533 *)'«8«4." y>!«C4« IS*
W10 20 SSS53 40 S9A49 1O
M» 2<V«354S 2^i«3i>» 4<>
M>32 W S96SS K»)637S4 1<*>
>7S7 S0O'690"J8 JO17O1S7 !**>
M21 100'Tr.SU »70O2 2*>
J738 4i>;70C73 2017^63 1*»
»<J3 2ol7im 2^'nno 2»
1241 20171330 ' 2<>t7l40«.; **
1413 2<*!7U44 4)i71ii3 4rt
1890 20HS30 4O|7t!»15 ?>
19*8 4O,7?M>) 600d»7aa ?>
2255 *»72333 20I7^SO »>
jeat 2os72«B3 n^rrw: ?»
2S38 20I7K90 1DOS7360S S>
J7^ 2<1.73773 40i737S3 *>
3SS1 :T:7397S I0Oi>!74< 1^; T»
4173 40.74190 2O743W 2O
44K • 4*74464 2OJ74.j77 ?•
ISIS 100COl74A4r. 2O(74«73 l"*>
4«37 i>x>i7ji. : c anssn iio
577J »(t5tt4_ JWT5S88 *>
5929 4c>l7SOi« 4O.7S17S ?>
S241 1KH7S412 2!).7«.'^'> *1
£31 2n|7««M ?):7»«32 **
S70» 2W7S)(l!> 5nu : 7«?tlS ?*
63<tt 4Ot77ir7 20(77180 *>
7557 2(M773n« 46177529 2>
7*19 130:77477 101177723 *>
5tO»M 3» 7WT9 4»l'7*f»4 t>
5139 407«233 237«S« ?»
<W;7 l'K"r79«V2i *>1T3O4: 2>»
:>;?« 20(79341 -... 50«t7945» ?»
¦34Z.2 SX79«n* 4n7MiJ £>
3SSS :t);79*M 130;
APPROXIMATION PniZE9.
¦.!0<> numbers from 71.5*0 to 72.WW. Inclusive,
M numbers on each side of the number
Irawinpr the capital prt»e of |».iXI0— 1&>.
100 numbers from 792S t« SOW. Inclusive. beln»
:Q numbers on each st«ie> of the number drawing
:he capital prize of I3VW>-$4O.
in>> numbers from 71.5*> to 7*.«63. inclusive,
ielnp Z'> numbers on each siil* ni the number
Irawing the capital prize of lir>.noo— J20-.
TERMINAL. PRIZES.
799 numbers endine with 10. beln* the last
:«o flisure* of the number drawtng the capital
prize of **>.*»— 12<».
799 numbers ending 1 with 7«. b»ln«r the lart
two figures of tho number drawing the capital
prize, of J_").000-£».
No. 72,01") draws fitvt capital prl2* «f $Sf>.'«1.
•old In ?an Francisco. Cal.. New Orleans. LA
So. 7976 draws seoon*! capital prtse> of It 1 ).'**),
•>o!d In San Ftancinco. Cal.. St. Louis. Ma,
N'ew York, N. Y-, New Orleans. La.. Houston.
Tex. No. 74.S1S draws third cnpttal prize ot
m.W, aol<l In Brooklyn. N. Y. Nos. 1».1*«.
iS.^ty. 5S.235. Z9.VA and 7^.97* draw each *1<W.
Fold in Kvar.svllie. Ind.. Guaymai", Son.. Vlck»-
hurjf. Miss., Guaymas. Son.. £.-\r» Francisco,
Cal. ANTONIO PKREZ.
Fcr the Treasury Department.
T". BASSETTI. Manager.
APOLIXAR CASTILLO. Intervenor.
MONEY WANTED. ;
WANTED-M once, improved Income city
property. tlJV) to $3000. lor cash, at EPECK
A- <X».-5. f>-r Market rt. " •
MUSICAL IXSTltt'MEM'S.
:-JANOS: PIANOS! PIANOS!
54". *!>3. tu-0. S122
Rtt! uprUrht: easy payments.
cynpho&ion maac boxes from !14
lo tun. and everything in the mueic line.
s. F. music co.. ::5 Bwttw ft. ;
''A'-KAKD PIANOS— BeaTTthe world.
I Bdurd orsans— are- the bert.
B« s.ad hear them when you're ready,
liun* jour cash: well do the rest.
MAUVAIg. TC» Market *t.
OIWilPIA Felf-playlnc music boxes are the
«at«?t apd best: any r;y!e sold on installments
\t >»u haven't ihe ca*h 10 simre. Z. MULCT*
— _ 1S]_ Music Store. 7t;« Market rt.
-UECKER & SUN i7ar.'i<s establish'Hl in isr.fi.
:irf u >: reliable in tone, action and durability
— ¦:¦ ; .,-. ¦¦ ¦- made. Sole agency,
MAUVA1S*. 76T< Market St.
A £ »'« i*i>resect the beat cake of piancs In
V-very jrafie, from Stelnway down to low-
! rif»d make*, and as uur installment pay-
•^ems art- easier than thos? of ether dealers.
»e are the people trom whom you rhouli
|xrrhat»; new uprisnt pianos. *< cash. IS per
month: ether pianos t3. S4 ar.J $3 per month.
SHEHMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stclnway Dealers.
<or. Kcmray and Sutter Fts.. San Franctsca,
vor. Vfc:"e*nth and Broadway. C^klar.d.
AN c>u»l<ton«| oBer— Fischer. iV>; Arion, $V*o:
'¦¦'; *:•"¦".: Ejtcj^ jjso; finest eODdtttoil w»r-
«aru-;. .«^y j ayments. l^E.VJ. CUT.TAZ St
POX. 3"» »»Fjirre!t ft.; <*h!cker!ng. FtecJt.
Vnsf. Strrlmi, «'artaz slanoa.
ABBOLXJTKltT '-he eld^t sntl largest !ioun
«fft of Ch'.oapo ts KOIIUER & CHASES.
-«. 25 and S9 OFarrell «t.: pianot. crijans and
J".!! other muylral !n*tjumects of all rra.5«>s
?ind prices: I*rm» *a?y: prices lowest; every-
:!.i-!e noselble <Scne to tle»«e anj sallsfjr tne
¦~T."-tcmer.
BARGAINS— A few ri«i»<>s will 1— 5old this
'¦vfrk for storaire; offer* wanted (each or in-
sta'.!incrtF>. Wilson's Co.. 17M Mrkt
n ANTIIl* — Ten tquavc piatic* ac<1 six orssn?
for or.untry tchools. 15YHON MAl'/.Y. SO*
Prmt »'.
A KKAUT1FXL I4"k) TjpHfht iiiaruv not t;H a
year, 'vi'.l be ioM immediately for J125;
¦.vr.fr Leavlnc the city. Roam II. Flood bldw.
.',--': KIN WAY ui-ritrht: fine condition; very
'h»-«r BUVENN. tCS Tost ft.
UZ9 L-AFII w-tll purchase a fine upright; call
ptii-e. Iffl V«i N^ss ave.. room 7.
A fTEINWAY. f.C: !n«ts:irr.er.ts f3. ». f". Hi:
rpr.t* C ur- HEINH'S. V.i F.llis ft. j_
SOHMER & CO.. JUy'ron Maury Piaaoa. 3CS to
R2 P^ft st.
GOOD Fifchfr; great harjratn. SCllMITii. 19
SCeAUletcr st.. next Blberaia P.ank.
U*. G BADGES 4il Facrarr.t-nto rt.. agent Eat
Frarr-1« Rac-n acd Ha!!ett & Davis pian<-«.
St'PFrnT^R vlojins, rithen". oid and new. H.
I '"I.I.KR. maker, rejwiirer. ? 1.ar^am place.
OFFICES VXD STOItES To L*-l.
STORE la let; corner Twentieth and jTolsc-m;
:.¦>. ; !:; x> for barber tbop: r*n: 112.
PALMISTRY.
X!S!E. NeerK^anl. Pres. St. Germain Ccllecs oJ
I'a'.mittry; reads 1 to S. 61€ Geary, nr. Jooet.
:• JEHOME FOSSELLI. srientific pp.lTrlft. 515
Tm.; r ,-t.. i-.?. < ;~Ary &: Popt : phor.e biark rfl.
TUUSOXALS.
?• ¦ MISSES 1 kid shoes for 50c a pair at THE
E HIVE SHOE <-'<•.. 717 Market, nr. Third.
l.l'l ERER. the iiopular hairdresser.
srattts it AlEllnctir understood
hat he dnt»s r.'t charce extra
• • •¦~f very latest and newest
¦ - • :. r ;r"««ir.g. in fact.
• ¦ * ;is i»ut one price. S centw.
ill and prove it. !C3 Stockton 6t.
- ¦ :-¦ C5«*h laundry removed to 1S3 Fourth
¦ . r.- :.- Howard. Tel«>i>hone South ?31.
rVEUY fences; !arfreet"Ttock! TjOUG-
KS. UK <>r.tral ave.. near Bush ft.
I';.-.- SHELDON", chiropodist *nd business fl-
'. CO Market Ft., wcor.d floor, room 37.
ELECTRIC liRhta In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Ft., near Market: 100 rooms;
Z'< to fi J-o r»er niyht: fl U* to $6 per week;
?r<re 'bus and fcsrrare to End from the ferry.
AN <>£ar.t suit tor IW7J fnim imported cr do-
mecUe remnnr.ts. L. I-FMOS. 1117 Market st.,
!>««••« BeveBth ar»d K'rhth.
IF you wish fuil value for rour cast-off clothing;
r»:i on B. COHEN, ! 57 Third; teL Black 4J^.
LADIES' and irer.tft* cs-tnff c!«-thinc bought and
*<AS. Sl!v<>rmaR. *«4 Fclrom: tel Fols'OTn 1191.
J-TLL-PRPSS nni oth»r suit* b^jsht; also old
cold. Pert land Loan Ofnc*. 25 Pt.Kkton st.
J3STECT1V"— Hrr.i>nib5#-. confidential: eecrets
_Jr.violate. A J .<1rfrs \vx 490. Call office
HAIR qciekly ri:r:*d nr waved br usins: Tal-
<-c:fs Curling Fluid: ZZc bottle: drurB'.sts.
cast-off clothrat "id coM and «Ihrer toosbt;
ffr.d r"-ytal. CfiLEMAN'S UA Kearny st.
niOTOGHAPHIC SITPLIES.
WB Iran k>-«1aV<< free; r^ n to Fupplles. Uackus
ftufj.^. H G^^rv M.. gr^'iid floor.
PUVSICIAAS AMI tUBCEO.VS.
IT.EE ;r»3tm*Tit for one month given a-1 to
introduce our famcris rfrn^dles. I)R P<)PE
& co,. 29 Turk Ft.. S. F.. Cat.
r>R C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and restdence.
Z r ZV-i Market ft., bet. Sixth ar.d Seventh.
CHRONIC smd other diseases positively rured.
I'R. GORDIX, EI4 P.ne ?t.. near Kearny.
ItEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
MT'FT be sc'.d ot cn« to close an ectate; no
resscr^ble offer refused; lot SxllO; house f
room* and bath: bitumen street : cement side-
«alk; Twentieth St.. near Guerrero. Apply
R. McCOL<lAN. U Mcntiromery st.. room I.
IF you bare property north of the Park, or
HcrMr'f Addition and the Mission, that you
war.t to 6'.fp^t-fi of, thtn call on XV. J.
gi:nn. E20 Callforpla rt.
AiOUEKN houses ar.d fia.ts built at lowest
price*; rlar.* and eFtiTTiat.e« furnished for all
tj:Jd:ng wcrk .MMFHELL 1147 Mission st.
11KAL tSJ'ATK tlllM'in — For hal*
A CIG barrain if fold at once: 6 acres partly
Improver! land, n^ar Vacaviile; 3 minutes'
•waik from Tt. li. d«"j*t. Address J. \V
BAKER. Z'iZS Center St., nerkeley.
If>R Fal^-3?) aTes tchool land on lit San-
hHrin. Lake Co.; very rh*a;>; best situated
for a summer resfrt. Box 2*^5. Pail office.
ROOMS FOR noUSKKKKPIjrc
BUSH. T^r— 2 sunny front room?; furnished for
iijht hcu.orket-jHrg; Adults only.
BUSH. M0S — Three rooms nicely furnished for
h<->-j;«f keeping.
CI.AT. TCI, near Fillaore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard: water; rear; rent $7.
BODT, '.'!"— Nice ra>O7 connertinp rooms; fur-
nlth«-d; no fhll3r<*n; private residence.
i;i.L.lS. IW— Tm small sunny furnished houye-
ket-|iinK rOOtna in rear: i*.
FIFTH. C^.'— Suite or 4 A-cras for housekeep-
ing.
FOLSOK. 830—; !arg-e rooms furnished for
boesekeeptasf; also othen«; rent reaxonable.
PX>L£03f, M4— Larce funny bay-window room;
Icltrfatn; clost-t*; bath: everything prtv.; $3 25.
FOURTH. it^-Nice large room suitable for
liirht houe*ke*"j>inx.
CHART. <CS-Three nicely furnished rooms;
r- r.t :^>.
BATES. Wl— 2ay-»indow flat of <! rooms and
bath, i?,:,-, or »-»-!l for t2J0.
HITDiSi «*-Sannjr front parlor, with kitchen.
<•' nifiPte for housekeeping"; 120.
LAHKIN. lOlSVi. near Pest: telephone Sutter
'A'f~l rooir.f ; "complete for houneke»jjing.
LaSkh:. 27. b»>t. n-Bhth and Ninth, off Mission
— l-room. *unn>- fiat, complete for h.«k; k ; J12.
SSAUKKT. VSi\— Frcnt suite. *un In both rooms,
Cfe». rans<e, rent J13; eicgle room, folding bed,
nr.t %%.
MASON. ~-"2— 3 fonnectims housekecplnis rooms;
alto siiiEif: Tifw niaragemt. ; newly renovated.
MINNA. :v_ Single rocras; also housekeeping
roumi 1 : 'io and $1 srfr wee*.
MISSION*. in7-Sunry~~f7olTt suite, furnished
g. roiafiitXm fir hou«?k»»ei>inK: bfcth: rent reas.
MISSION. UK, near F.ieventlT-2 larpe sunny
rr>cmi-; laundr>- and bath; no children; 112.
NATOMA. ZSI. r-ar rourth-2 front furnished
hou**kefij;x!ir n*>m«; water. Elnk. closet.
SEW S:OXTGOaERV. IC^-Punny Furnished
hourekeepinp- rtxims; fl £5 up.
OAK. 11*— 2 sunny rooms furnished for heavy
housekeeping, UP; single rooms, (3 an4 18.
OT«Rlii;LL. 742—3 nicelr furnlashed house-
ke*r<>fJK rrxiinp: parlor floor, tit. SSO.
JOLK. I6»>-3 *unny I uraiKhed rooms for houK-
• kerpinK; modern Imin-overoemn.
HCT»TT. 1614— FJrst floor of 8 unfurnished
rooms: I.atli. garden; J16: adults only.
EEVENTEKNTH. SO— A "tnap; tH:~ rooms,
with ira* and bath. '
SIXTH, USA — 4 connecting rooms, furnished
for »...-•;.••; ::ic. with piano; also other
mcnif.
EOUTII PARK, 3?4— 2 sunny rvcros, nicely fur-
d£be<l for housekeeping
ROOMS TO LET — Fora, and Cnfurn.
STEVENSON. iZi, bet. Third and Fourth-
Sunny housekeeping rooms, completely fur-
nlshed; aJ»o elngle roomn at reasonable prtc*.
STEVENSON. «4J. bet. 7th and Sth— Two fur*
ni£h*d housekeeping room*; bath! central.
ST. JAMES, cor. McAllister and Laguna— See
our select apartment nous" for families;
liardsomely furnished, sunny front suite, fit;
Flnple large room. $S; modern fittings for
light housekeeping.
TENTH. 123. near Market— 1. 2 or S sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
TURK. &4J— Bunny bedroom and kitchen; com-
plete for housekeeping, with rtove. gas and
bath; $Mj
TWELFTH, 122— Two Bunny furnished house»
keeping rooms.
TWENTY-THIRD. S7JG. near Dolores— 3 sunny
j bay-wtndo'>V rooms; nice anil neat.
VALENCIA. SS1U— Furnished frcnt parlor and
conr>e<'tlnR kitchen; gas. bath; $15.
53— SMALL, light, unfurnished room: 3 rooms.
55: location central.. Particulars at 341
Kearny Pt.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
j received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
i tubyrripticna has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia *t.
j XtOOMS TO l.KT Kuril, and t'ulurn.
i X^BRUNfcWICK HOUSE, US "sixth^Roorai
I 25c to II per night. $1 2S to 55 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
I BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Sunny corner suites to
I gentlemen and families: references riven: ele-
vator; all conven'cei; tcurlsK accommodated.
BURNETT, 1426 Market *t. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlthed nn*.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
j CARROLTOX, J2C6 Market, cor. Golden Gate
' ave.— Sunny corner: welt f urn. ; rms. & offices.
) EDDY, 5344— Sunny; upstairs; German family.
I EIGHTH. 34H— Sunny furnished front alcove i
1 riwrn. suitable lor 2: large closet; fl per week, j
! ELLIS. TCI-One sunny furnished front room, j
j rulUble for two. i
! FIFTH. 107— Pleasant, sunny. unfurnished
i roocai to ltrt.
j JESSIE. 629. off Seventh— Furnished flat; also
I rooms.
' FOLSOM. M4— Jl a week: large sunny furnished
i room: closet; bath; running water; pr-vate.
I FOLSOM. 9i\ corner Sixth— Suite of 3 elegant
tuimy corner rooms, suitable for doctor.
i FOLSOM. S63. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished sunny rooms, single or suites; reasonbl.
FOURTH. 2224— Nicely furnished bay-window
j and single rooms; moderate: quiet.
i GEART. SM 'The San Jose)— Newly furnished
I fjr.ny front suite of roctns and bath.
j GEARY. 4C5 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
I rocras: suites or single; travelers accom'dated.
I GOLPEN GATE ave., 239. near Hyde— Nicely
I furnished front room, housekeeping if de-
I eired: also Eingl* room.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeaet corner Seventh
End Mission st». — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7S1 Mission St.— Select
family rooming house; $1 £0 to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 7S4H. near Fourth-Flnely fur-
nished runny rooms; bath; all conveniences; j
homelike: fl week up.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant fulte?: single; tran- I
slent: baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor. )
i HOWARD, £29— Rooms from SI week up to $5;
j 25c to $1 nlpht; also housekeeping rooms.
J HOWARD. 1072—4 nice sunny rooms and bath. |
i JONES, 117 — Nicely furnished large sunny'
! ro'-m; 2 ciosetg; grate; running water; private.
KEARNY. ir4_F>ont FUite. 2 unfurnished
rooms. $10: 2 front suites, 4 moms. $18.
LAGUNA. M«— Sunny furnished front room;
suitable for 2 gentlemen.
LARKIN. 1702— Fumlfhed room to let: X3; In
private family; beard If preferred.
LARKIN, rCSP— Front room, bath and gas;
I gentlemen only.
! LEAVENWORTH, ir.21— 3 upstairs rooms; rent
i HO.
McALLISTER. 4i:, Rat 5-Nlce sunny rooms,
with or without board; ga« and bath.
I MINNA. €67, cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 654. near Third— Newly furnished
sunny front room; reasonable; for gentlemen.
MISSION. 1425— Nicely furnished parlor eulte.
with board for two, f40.
OAK. Z^'i — Large furnished front sunny room ;
for 1 or 2 persons; private family; gas; bath; j
j chetp. j
j O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and j
I offices: eievator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo. j
PINE. 956. near Taylor— Large sunny unfur- j
nlshed room with bath; new; rent reasonable.
POWELL, 121— Light, clean rms.. suites or sin- [
ule; trar.f=lert; running water; rates reduced. ,
KOSEDALE House. Jl» and 321 Ellis st.-Rocmi.
r.lght. I5c to $1: week. « 25 to 14; open night.
EOYAL HOUSE, 12« Ellis 6t.— Incandescent
light, reading rocrn. smoking room and ladies'
parlor: room*, per night. SSe to SI 60; week. S:
to tS; month. I s ! to J20; e)e\-ator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
EHERMAN Arartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furniehed and unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK. V)— Front parlor. S«; small
: r<>«jm. $3; in private family.
STEVENSON. 2674. upstairs— Newly furnished
rooms; private family; terms reasonable.
THE OAKS 113 Third— A good rooming house
for uood people. R- HUGHES, proprietor.
VAN NESS ave.. 401B — One or two nicely fur-
nished rooms: corner: sunny upper flat; every-
thing modern; central.
VAN NESS ave.. 1C21— I furnished rooms, $6
and t?: front and »unny; batK
WILLOW ave.. 20 — Two furnished rooms; con-
nected if- desired. \r
1 OR 2 sunny rooms, furnished or unfurnished:
centrally located; reasonable. Box 1S00. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2100 Fillmore 8t.
A HRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rwbierlptlons ha» been established at 1C3« V««
lenela »t.
ROOMS A.M> HOAKD.
1 HOTEL Sutherland, cor. Jones and Sutter sts.—
Pleasant eunny single rooms and euites, with
board; flrst-class, with every convenience.
LAS PALHAS, M0 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 1
rros.; private: bath: sin. rmi.: board optional.
NEW family hotel; exceptionally good In every
particular; summer rates. ?C7 California st.
VAN NESS ave.. $44 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: furnlnhed and unfurnished: SJO.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
1<! i>af?ec. ; n wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
r.OOMS WASTED.
3 OR 4 unfurnished rooms, with bath; flat or
private house. Box 1736. Call office.
SPECIAL MJTICKS.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery it., rooms MO; tel. 55*0.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up:
painting done. Hartn-.an Paint Co.. 313 Third.
SEWING MACHINES A."fn StTPLlKS.
ALL klrds bought. bo14, and repairing guaran-
teed. Cfcas Plambeck. ISIS Mission, nr. Uth.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup*
piles. Standard Agency. 145 Cth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kin3s bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. ?05 Fourth it.
STABLKS TO LET.
25 6TALLS; suitable for miIl£~depotT$25r Crater
free. 2*30 Mission nt. 1
STORAGE A.M> WAUI'.HOUSKl
WILSON BROS., storage and movlnjr: cowered
vans. Tenth an«i Market; phone South 762.
BEKINS Van and Storage. Co.. "22 Mission «t..
tel. South D25— Packing, moving and storage.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co
Of flee 4C1 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Cora-
pany. 2220 Fillmore st. ; phone Jcckxon III.
TYPEWIUTKHS ANO !»UIM*1.IE9.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
cell better machine* for lees money than any
house In the city; rental*, SS. ¦ The Typewriter
Exchange. S3S California, telephone Main V*.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SEW modern houi>e of 8 rooms, bath and base-
ment; choice location; HOMO cash, balance
terms to suit. $1000— Good cottage, 4 rooms;
large lot. J. II. YOUNG. Owner and Builder,
1243 Park st. v \-:\ ;-
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure; bargains; one-fifth cash; bal-
ance in l. 2. 3 or 4 years. Alameda Savings
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
J45OO— Elegant modern home; 1 block south of
U. C. ; up to date In all details; terms to suit.
$1000— Modern cottage In S. Berkeley, with
50-ft. corner lot: a unatu
M. L. WURTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
BERtCfclJEY" nOONS AND HOARD.
ONE or two sunny front rooms In new modern
house, with small private family; magnificent
view; convenient to train or cars; board firs*
class; optional; old person or Invalid find b*£t
of attention: references. Address M. B.,
Berkeley P. O. -' ¦ '
mANfAMiTlSEiNE
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL KSTATK.
BLOCK 64. must be sold, near 23d ave.. 17th St..
East Oakland: a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT. 1113 East SU-
teenth tt.. East Oakland. -
OAKLAND STORE TO I.F.T.
J20 PEK month; a corner store, with 3 living
rooms and adjoining store suitable for
butcher i-hop or rabbit exhibit room, barn,
long shed, large yard, high board fence,
suitable for wood and coal yard or rabbitry;
¦city water Included; cars pass the door. Ap-
ply to R. J. MONTGOMERY, 470 Thirteenth
Ft.. Oakland.
OAKLAXI) FLR.MTUHK r'UH SALJ3.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tha '
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
San Leandro Advertisements.
SAN LEANDRO RF. M. KSTATK.
»40GO— ORCHARD of 5 acres, with cottage, barn,
etc.. near San Leandro. FRANK & McCAR-
THT. San Leandro.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the office "of
the Ligrhthouse Engineer, Twelfth District.
Ban Francisco. Cal.. until 12 o'clock m., June
21, 1900. for furnishing Miscellaneous Articles,
comprising Hardwar*-, Engineer's Supplies,
Lumber and Paint, In accordance with speci-
fications, copies of which, with blank propos-
als and other Information, may be had upon
application to CHAS. E. L. B. DAVIS, Major.
Cort)« of Eneineprs. T*. S. A.
IJI\ll>u.Al' AUTICUH.
DIVIDEND notice—Dividend No. 105 (fifty
cents per fhare) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after Fri-
day. June I, 1900. Transfer books will close
on Saturday, May 2G. 1 KO. at 12 o'clock m.
W. D. K. GIBSON. Secretary pro tern.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall wl!l not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and resident-* u r per-
i sons authorized to have the same published.
DIED.
Anderson. Nellie Johnson. Win. R. A.
Bird. Johannes W, Knaggs. John
Uurkley, Honora, Maxwell. Abner D.
Callahan. Annie McCay, Sarah F.
Casey, Jeremiah McDevitt. Samuel
Costa, Rosa Stone, Charles B.
I Cowin. Stephen - Thompson. Alexan-der
FJaley. Jennie Tully. Thomas J.
Fredell. Fredrica G. Williams. Margaret
Hooper. Mary C.
ANDERSON— In this city. May 27. 1900, Nellie,
beloved wife of Charles Anderson, and mother
of Kddle Haskell. and daughter of Kllen and
the late David Barry, and sister of Mrs. Ann>
and Delia McDevitt and William and David
Barry, a native of Sail Francisco, a?ed 27
years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother, 307 Fremont street, thence to St.
Rose's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BIRD— In Oakland. May 27, 190<\ Johannes XV.,
beloved husband of Mary C. Bird, and father
of Josie. Willie and Viola Bird, a native of
Sweden, a?ed 43 yearR 10 months and 16 days.
A member of San Francisco Camp No. 437,
Woodmen of the World.
ICyNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the funeral riarlors of Bunker & Lunt. K66
Mission street. Mission Masonic Temple.
Bl'CKLET— In this city, at her residence, 1111
Dfevlnadero street. May 27. 1900. Honora, wife
of Francis Buckley, a native of Nenagh,
County TiDPerary. Ireland.
C7"Funeral services fromChureh of the Holy
i Cross. Kddy street, to-morrow (Tuesday), at
I 9:S0 o'clock. Interment private. No flowera.
i CALLAHAN— In this city, May 23, 1900. Annie,
beloved wife of J. J. Callahan, and daughter
of Patrick and the late Mary Landers, and
Mster of Mrs. J. Kvatt. Mrs. E. Murphy and
; Mrs. R. Williams and Kate and Theresa Lan-
1 ders, a native of Louisville, Ky., ased 25
years and 11 clave.
I (C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
* (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertaker*. 27 and 23 Fifth
! street, thence to gt. Brendan's Church for
i service*. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
j CASEY— In this city. May 26. 1900. Jeremiah
j Casey." a native of County Cork, Ireland. agM
54 years.
IDTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at S:SO o'clock, from the residence
of his brother. John Casey, 150 South Park,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
eoul. commencing' at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COSTA— In this city. May 26, 1500, Roea, dearly
beloved wife of the late Peter Costa, and
j mother of Mrs. Louisa Casaretto, Mrs. Vlc-
: toria Cuneo and Joseph and David Coeta. a
j native of Italy, aged <»1 years and 4 months.
C7The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Twentieth and Florida streets, thence
to Corpus ChrUtl Church, where a solemn re-
! quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
vose of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock-
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
COWIN— In this city. May 27, 1900, Stephen,
husband of the late Rosetta Cowin, and father
of XV. S. and Arthur R. Cowin of Vailejo
Junction. Mrs. C H. Clapp of tan Franclsro
and Mrs. K. A. Barnes of Valona, aeed 74
year".
DALEY— In this city. May 27. 1900, Jennie Da-
ley, holoved sister of Sister Aloyslus and Mrs.
D. V.'. Ryan, a native of Pan Francisco.
I ALTA Parlor No. 3. N. D. O. W.— Members are
' requested to attend the funeral of our late
Filter. Ml*s Jennie Daley, to-morrow ('Tues-
I day), at S:Crt o'clock, from ln*r late residence,
1618 Point Lobos avenue. By order of the
president. ' MISS MABEL MILLER.
C. L. FAULKNER. Secretary.
! FRKDKLL— In this city. May 27. :a00. at her
I residence. 40C6 Twenty-fourth Ftreet. Fred-
\ rica Ooorsina, beloved wife of Charles G.
Fred?ll, and mother of Carl Frederick Fre-
! dell, a native of Sweden, aged 42 years.
E7"Frk-nd<! and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesdav). at 2 o'ektek, from the Swedish M.
K. Church. 12'2 Howard street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
HOOFER— In this. city. May 26. l?00, Mary
Campbell, beloved wife of John A. Itoiper, a
native of Bangor. Maine, ased 54 years.
¦ (C^Funera! services to-morrow (Tuesday),
j at 9:41 o'clock, at her late residence, north-
j west corner of Clay and Laguna streets.
! JOHNSON— At his ranch in Santa Clara Valley
Oal.. May 25, VMM. William It. A. Johnson, be-
loved husband of I^avlnta M. Johnson, a na-
tive of Vireinla. ased r>S years.
$y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
thlB day (Monday), at 1 o'clock, at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
KNAGGS— In this city. May 27. 1900. John
Knaggs. a native of Ireland, aged 90 years.
MAXWELL— In this city, May 27. 19«). Abner
Dewrv, beloved son of Winfleld and Rose
Maxwell, a native of Sisklyou County. Cal.,
aged 1 year 8 months and 12 days.
McCAY— In this city. Slav 27, 1W0. Sarah F..
beloved wife of the late Oeorge U. McCay. and
mother of Georpe L. McCay. Mrs. R. B. Hays
and Mrs. M. L. Harris, a native of New
Hampshire.
McDEVITT— In this city. May 27. 1S0O. Samuel.
! bMo\ed husband of the late Mary McDevitt.
I and loving father of Frances McDevitt. a na-
! tive of OMo, aged 65 years. '
¦ CTFriend!" and acquaintances are respect-
i fitl'y invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
iTucbday). at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
•dence, 444 Clementina street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
m,uI, commencing at 3 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
STONE— In San Mateo, Cal., May 2S. 1900,
Charles Barney Stone, a native of Huntsburg,
Ohio, aged 60 years 8 months and 10 days.
C^Frlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 3:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence at San Mateo. Friends wishing to at-
tend will take the 2:43 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. Interment pri-
vate. Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Please omit
flowerSj -
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Klannagan ft Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. -
I/VleMVOY «fc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,!
1239 Market et.. between Sth and Sth. I
Telephone South 247. ¦
THOMPSON-In thla'city. May 28, 1900. Alex-
ander, beloved husband of PhilllDDlna * M.
Thompson, and father of Gus E. Thompson.
Mrs. Thomas M. Hill and the late Louis A.
Thompson. .a native of Sweden, aged 67 years
1 month »nd 15 davs.
C7FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 3012 Flllmere street, near Union. In- '
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. .
TULLY— In this city,' May 25, 1MK), Thomas J..
son'of Coleman and Mary Tully, deceased,
and idolized brother of James F. and Mary
Tully, Sister Madeline of Rio Vista and Mrs.
J. McCormick of Watsonvllle, a native of San
Francisco.
(E7"The funeral ¦will take place this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 43 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repof- of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
WILLIAMS — In Plymouth, Amador County,
May 25. 1900. Marcaret William?, widow of
the late Joseph Williams, a native of Corn-
wall. England, aged 68 years. • ¦ ,
(?''Friends are respectfully Invited * to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 2
o'clock, from- 22 Chattanooga street. Inter-
ment Ma6onlc Cemetery.
YOUNG Men's Institute.— A solemn high mass
Of requiem for the repose or the souls o£ all
departed brothers of the Y. M. I. will be cele-
brated at St. Ianatlus Church, on Wednes-
day morning (Decoration day), beginning at
10 o'clock. An appropriate sermon will be de-
livered and special music will l>» rendered.
Relatives and friends of deceased members
of the order are most respectfully invited to
be present. ROBERT TOBIN,
President Board of Management.
D. E. HAYDEN. Secretary.' "Waste, land in Turkey sells at £3 per
acre; sood farming land at £20 to £30.
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgta,
Druerlats. Me flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.
CHICAGO, May 27.— W. '. G. Edens. as
slstant superintendent of the free delivery
eystem. left Chlcagro to-night for a spe
cial trip to Missouri, Kansas, Nebraska
and Montana free delivery offices.
Edens Starts Westward.
E. Miller, a clerk residing at 360 Jessie
Street,, reported to the police at the Cali
fornia-street police station last night that
he had- been robbed of a watch while
standing In a crowd at the corner of
Third and Market streets, listening to an
argument on the Boer war. His com
panlon, Al Zelmer. fit 1404 Ellis street
came near being a victim also, as the
pickpocket had his chain unfastened from
his vest when some movement frightened
him away.
, Robbed of a Watch.
Business men are anxiously Inquiring
for Mr. H. R. Felge. Mr. Feigo long en
joyed the reputation of being the one
man who had elevated sign painting to
the dignity- of art and his absence has
caused much comment. All la explained
to-day, for Mr. Felge says he has onlv
cut adrift from his former partner and
opened tho finest sign studio in the West
at No. 25 Geary street, there to continue
his artistic work. •
Noted Painter Adrift.
• 75c Babies' Shoes for 25c a\palr at the
Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market at., near 3d.
Death of Arthur Behan.
.NEW YORK. May. 27.— Arthur Rehan,
brother, of Miss Ada Rehan .and Mrs.'
Oliver Doud Byron, died ; yesterday in"
Brooklyn, aged 28 years.- He had managed
many of Augustln Daly's theatrical road
Two social parties were rudely broken
up by the police late Saturday night and
early yesterday morning and the guests
had to spend the night in jail, much to
their discomfort. Friends kept the war
rant and bonk clerks busy yesterday get
ting them released.
Pearl Moran, a sweet singer 15 years of
age. whose voice has charmed audiences
at the Olympla, invited a number of her
young friends to a party in her mother's
house, 36>£ Shipley street. Saturday night
and the "growler" was rushed with
alarming frequency. Peart delighted her
friends with her songs and when she sang
"I'd Leave My Happy Home for You"
they all joined in the chorus. *
The neighbors complained to Policeman
McQuaide about the noise shortly before
midnight, and he summoned two other
officers to his assistance and raided the
house. Pearl was arrested together with
h*r friends, LJllie Newman. Celia New
man, Anthony Cooper. J. Kelly, Frank
Marks. John O'Malley. George Kelly
Frank Carney and G. Aristlde. They were
all charged at the City Prison with dis
turbing the peace.
Mrs. Elizabeth Patterson, who has a
grocery and saloon at 446 Clementina
street, also invited a number of her young
friends to a party. They drank so much
beer and raised such a row that Police
man McPartland and two others raided
the place about 1 o'clock yesterday morn
ing and arrested Mrs. Patterson and her
guests. The latter were May Collins
Mollie Welsh, It. P., Moran, Henry Mc-
Shanp. William Cronin and P. Hurley.
Mrs. Patterson was charged with keeping
a disorderly house and the others with
disturbing the peace.
MADE NIGHT HIDEOUS
WITH THEIR REVELRY
He accepted their hospitality and the
trio entered the saloon of Johnny Daley,
on the corner of Howard and Third
streets, where they indulged in liquid re
freshments. Later the men invited Tucker
to take a ride into the country, where
they said a friend of theirs resided. He
accepted the invitation and they boarded
a Folsom-street trolley car. transferring
to a Bryant, thence to Mission street, and
rode as far as Noe and Twenty-ninth,
where the oar stops. Tucker's friends
told him their country- friend, lived. Just
across a vacant lot, wnich they proceeded
to traverse. When they got about half
way across the lot one of the men dealt
Tucker a blow on the side of the head
with some blunt Instrument, which ren
dered him unconscious. While ha was in
this condition they relieved him of his
gold watch and chain and some silver
coin he had In his pockets.
When Tucker regained his senses he
reported his experience to the people
whom he met. who in turn informed Po
lice Officer Thomson, who does patrol
duty In that vicinity.
The officer called to his assistance Pa
trolman Stanley, and the pair set to work
on the case. After hunting: about the
place for some time they caught sight of
two . men crossing the ; northern slope of
Twin Peaks. The Idetf struck the officers
that these men were heading for the Cas
tro-street cars. In order to intercept them
they hurried over the hill, and as they
arrived at Castro street they saw the men
on a car. The car was stopped and the
men questioned.- They denied ' knowing
each other and seated that tiiey were out
for a Sunday, walk and were returning
home.
On being searched Tucker's gold watch
was found in Connolly's back pocket, with
$3 25 In silver.
.Thomas Connolly and John Sullivan
>»« arrested yesterday by Officers
Thomson and Stanley and charged at the
Seventeenth-street- police station with
highway robbery. The accused men have
been fully | identified by their victim,
Charles P. Tucker, a hotel steward, re
siding at 615 Howard street; who states
that while walking along Howard street
about 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon he
met two men who intioduced themselves
and invited him to join them In a social
drink.
Stood Up Hotel Man, in
Broad Daylight and Stole
His Watch-
ARREST OF TWO
HIGHWAY ROBBERS
IN THE MISSION
In his petition Mr. Grant claims that
the Supervisors had no power either to
abolish the Industrial School or to substi
tute in its place any such institution as
the Magdalen- Asylum. There are now
over 700 Inmates of the place, and should
the contention of the plaintiff prevail not
one of them could be held. It has for
years been the custom to send women
who appeared before the courts, particu
larly the lower courts, to the Magdalen
Asylum for tne remainder of their,minor
ity if they happened to be under age and
if not for any comparatively short sen
tence. ............. .;. • .
Attorney Hugh Grant, counsel for the
plaintiff, claims that the case Is one to
decide whether or not the Supervisors can
override the enactment of the Legisla
ture. In 1S58 the Legislature established
in this city an institution known as the
Industrial School, to which minor offend
ers were sentenced by the courts. In 1883,
however, the Supervisors passed an ordi
nance abolishing the Industrial School
and substituting in its place an Institu
tion which became known as the Mag
dalen Asylum. This was to be run by
the sisters of the Catholic church and
they were to have certain allowances for
the support of such inmates as were sent
there by the courts.
A suit that will determine the legal
standing of the Magdaleri Asylum will
come before the Supreme Court for argu
ment this afternoon on the question of
whether or not the asylum has the right
to hold in custody Mattie Wyckoff. who
was sentenced to serve the remainder of
her minority there by Judge Mogan. She
was sentenced nearly three months ago
but upon application for a writ* of habeas
corpus she was released and Is now
in the charge of her mother, who is plain
tiff In the suit. Policeman Cavanaugh of
the California-street station and Police
man McMurray of the Society for the
Suppression of Cruelty to Children have
had the case in hand. They spent last
evening in looking up the girl's record
and securing information in regard to her
that may be used in the arguments to
day.
Suit Involving the Legality
of Sentences of Court
Served There.
ATTACK ON THE
RIGHTS OF THE
MAGDALEN HOME
Ere. r.OrKOKPKT, the policeman
who was arrested Saturday night
while lunnlng amuck in the West
» frn Addition, threatening to kill
people with a. re%'olver. was booked at the
City Prison yesterday morning on a
charge cf assault with a deadly weapon.
He was released on $30 cash bail on the
order cf Judge Frank H. Dunne of the
Superior Court.
Chief Sullivan had Boukofsky brought
to his office yepterday morning. When
asked for an explanation of his conduct
he said he had boon crazy drunk and re
membered nothing cf what had occurred
after h>- left the place where he spent
the afternoon. He toak a drink there, the
lirpt for six months, and that he supposed
h;id driven him crazy.
The Chief informed him that he had
gore into the grocery and saloon at the
corner cf Geary and Leaven worth streets
about 5:30 o'clock and had ordered the
proprietor to el^se the place, as there was
a piile entrance. The grocer refused, an*!
Uoukofsky compromised by getting two
or three drinks. About 7:30 o'clock he
went into the Trilby saloon, on O'Fairc-ll
end Taylor streets, and ordered a drink.
.While th»- bartender was preparing the
«1rink Bouitoffelcy pulled out his revolver
end fired a bullet Into a music box. Then
the Chief to!d him of holding up P. O.
Prisc-oll. the frxinman. in a vacant lot at
Jackson and Lyon streets, and firing a
shot at Special Officer Helbush.
•"Now." t-aid the Chief, "you as an of
ficer are clothed with authority to protect
th^ lives and property of citizens, but in-
Ftead of that you imperiled their lives.
. I phall prefer a charge against you of
assault with a deadly weapon for shooting
.at Special Officer Helbush. and it will be
pressed to a finish. You are suspended
from duty and charges will also be pre-
It is at this point of the story that
"Luckys" luck reasserted itself. The
drayman who was engaged to deliver the
poods to the $2Q<)0 customer knew but one
Baldwin. "Lucky" was speechless when
the cast- of wine and other good things
were delivered to him. He concluded that
a firm that could afford to be so generous
to a man who bought a bill of good*
amounting to scarcely $200 should be ad
vised of his appreciation. And he wrote
thar.kirj? Mr. Ayers and Mr. Merrill for
their kindnctf. He went further and told
them that ir he needed a paper of tacks
or a keg of nails when he reached Nome
he would send to the San Francisco firm
fop the goods and he would not expect
any champagne in return, either.
Both the Valencia with "I.ucky" Bald
win and the St. Paul with his namesake
were out in the stream when the note
reached the office of Holbrook. Merrill &
Stetson. "Lucky" was emptying a small
bottle to the health of the firm and shout
ing its praises. H. H. Baldwin, aboard
the St. Paul, was mumbling to himself
that they never even said "Thank you"
when he paid that $2000 bill and Grove
Ayers was chasing the. drayman to re»
cover the price of the wine and things
that had gone wrong through "L»ucky's"
1UCK*
Grove Ayers and Mr. Merrill, with cus
tomary generosity, concluded It would be
the proper thing to send their big cus
tomer a token of their appreciation on the
eve of his departure. A case of wine and
several boxes of dainties not to be had
on shipboard were purchased. A letter
couched in the most touching terms was
written to send with the little remem
brance. "Mr." Baldwin was wished a.
pleasant Journey, a safe return and all
that sort of thing. The hope was ex
pressed that the wine would cheer him on
the way.
"There are indications that the good for
tune which followed E. J. Baldwin In his
palmy days and from which he gained the
title of "Lucky" has returned to him. At
least a large chunk of it is on the way to
Xome with him aboard the steamer Valen
cia. %
i When he was laying In his supplies for
his northern trip he purchased $200 worth
of goods from Holbrook, Merrill & Stet
son; H. H. Baldwin, who also had the
gold fever but went north on the St. Paul,
purchased more heavily from the hard
ware firm, his bill footing: up a round
52000.
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson . Send
"Wine and Good Things to Another
Baldwin, but "Lucky"
Gets Them.
Shown on the Eve of His
Departure for Nome
Gold Fields.
On learning of the action of Judge
Dunne in releasing Boukofsky <an ridicu
lously small amount of ball Chief Sulli
van sent Detectives McMahon and Dillon
to rearrpst him. He was found at his
home and taken into custody. At the CKv
Prison the alsgraced policeman pleaded
with Chief Sullivan to fix the ball
"I don't intend to run away." he re
marked. "I enn give ten "tlmea the
amount of bail that has already been fur
nished if I am given a chance."
Chief Sullivan refused to fix the ball
and Boukofsky was locked up in the
tanks.
BALDWIN'S GOOD
LUCK IS AGAIN
IN EVIDENCE
"Hitherto," said -the Chief, "an officer
has simpiy been disciplined or dismissed
by the Commissioners, and that ended it.
t>ut I consider a police officer who com
mits an offf-nse is more culpable than an
ordinary citizen in view of his position,
ariu should be punished more severely."
Boukofsky was very penitent yesterday.
His wife was with him from eaVly in the
morning till he wes released from eustody
IJefore. joining the force, in September",
lsSis he was a traveler for Yates & Co..
the paint and oil men, and bore an ex
cellent character.
1 he Chief paid later that he was de
termined that in all cases where a police
man violated the law he would see that a
eh.irge would be preferred against him In
the cnmnal courts.
ferred against you before the Police Com
missioner?."
5TEVE M. HARDING, a young des
perado, is once more in the hands of
the police, and this time they con
fidently anticipate being able to
send him to the penitentiary.
Harding is charged vlth burglary and
asgault with a dr.sd.y weapon. On trie
night of April 10 Alfred Jackson, a book
maker living at 137 O'Farrell street, was
lying In bed smoking a cigarette and rea3
irg a newspaper before dropping off to
sleep. T-.vo gas jets were burning in his
room. When Jackson flnifehed smoking
he leaned over to drop the cigarette stub
into a cuspidor close to his bed, but It
hit the edge and rolled on to the carpet.
Jackson bent down to havo the carpet
from being singed and his eyes rested up
on the form of a man underneath the beu.
JackFor. was paralyzed fur a moment,
and while he was debating within himself
what was best to be done the burglar
crawled from under the tied with a revolv
er in his right hand and, pointing it at
Jackson, wno had Jumped out of bed.
said: _!',
"You know what I want. Give me your
Jackson is a tall, well-built man, but
looking into the muzle of the revolver
knocked all the fight out of Mm. He had
about $500 in gold In a purse in his trou
sers pocket, which he was anxious to save.
"There Is all my money," he said, as
he pointed to about eighty cents in small
change on a table. "You can take that
a " I want your money." retorted the burg
lar, and with his left hand he shook Jack
son's coat and vest, always keeping the
revolver pointed at him. There was no
jingle of coin and the burglar lost pa
tience
"If vou don't give me your money at
once "" he said, "you will be a corpse on
the floor and 1 will be out of the door.
Jackson seeing the burglar meant busi
ness, begged for mercy and began to yell
for help The burglar became alarmed
and dashed out of the room.
J P. McKenzle. the landlord of the
house, was attracted, by Jackson s cries
and got to his door just as the burglar.
Boukofsky on the Warpath and in Jail.
A few months later he was arrested on
a charge of grand larceny for stealing
about $200 worth of jewelry from the room
of S. K. Overgoad in the News Building.
He was also acquitted on that charge in
the Superior Court on October 16 last.
Harding is 21 years of age and of gen
tlemanly appearance. He came here from
Kentucky three years ago. He got em
ployment as a bellboy In the Palace Hotel,
but was dismissed on suspicion of steal
ing from the rooms of guests. He made
the acquaintance of H. Charles, a young
man ¦ who owned the cigar stand in the
St. Nicholas Hotel. Charles wore a valua
ble diamond stud and kept considerable
money in his room in the St. Nicholas.
One night in December, 1898, Harding se
creted himself In Charles* room and when
Charles was asleep he attempted to chlo
roform and rob him. lie was arrested
on a charge of burglary and was held
to answer on January 18, 1890. Two days
later he was held to answer on another
charge of burglary for breaking Into the
room of J. F. Pfetch in the News Build-
Ing on Geary street and stealing a revolv
er and pair of opera glasses. He was ac
quitted on both charges in the Superior
Court through lack of evidence.
"What's the matter?" asked McKenzle.
Harding struck him on the breast, knock
ing him aside and flourishing his revolver,
dashed past him.
The police were at once notified and
since, then Detectives Dinan and Wren had
been looking for Harding. They found
him late Saturday night In a saloon at
Fourth and Minna streets and locked him
up In the tanks. Yesterday morning
Jackson and McKenzle called at the City
Prison. Harding was placed among seven
other men and they at once picked him
out. McKenzle knew him personally, as
Harding lived for a week in his house.
It Is supposed that while living at the
house Harding had become aware of the
fact that Jackson was in the habit of car
rying from $300 to $500 in his pockets. His
intention apparently was to lie under the
bed till Jackson was alseep and then chlo
roform him and go through his pockets.
Some Incidents in Harding's Career.
whom he recognized as Harding, dashed
out.
The Lowry brothers are well known in
amateur sporting circles. Herbert has
played third base in several local baseball
teams, and Russell represents the Phila
delphia Sporting Life here.
Miss George was formerly a. resident of
Modoc County. Her father died there
but her mother is still alive and residing
in this city.
Lucky does n/)t like Herbert Lowry
as one who aspires to be his si9ter-in-law
should, and he narrowly escaped personal
injury when he accompanied Detective
Anthony to her room Saturday night In.
search of' his brother. Luckv and her
girl friend flew at him with feathers
Epread and claws unsheathed, and he was
forced to flee from the room. Detective
Anthony has dropped the case altogether
and says it is up to the Alameda County
officers to arrest Russell if they want to.
The boy formerly worked in Placer
County, but Detective Anthony does not
think either he or the woman he would
have married would go there.
John E. Lowry. father of the young
man who wanted to enter the marital
state so early in life, is chief engineer
at the Occidental Hotel. The family re
sides at 1617^ Webster street.
At 7 o'clock yesterday morning Miss
George, or Lucky, as she is familiarly
known around the beer halls, left the Al
dine house, 404 Turk street, in company
with her bosom friend, Viola Petit, a.' Sac
ramento girl. Miss George carried a hand
Batchel and telescope basket and said she
was going to join her honey-boy in Placer
County.
"I purpose holding a consultation to
morrow with the District Attorneys of
San Francisco and Alameda counties, with
the object of having a. warrant issued for
this woman's arrest on a charge of ab
ductlng my brother. He is.under age, and
she had no right to run away with him
or to be with him now."
"Because he Isn't married. I found that
out in Oakland to-day. This woman told
Captain Seymour they were married by
Rev. J. S. McDonald of the First Pres
byterian Church. I went to him and he
denied ever having seen such a couple.
More than this, they never will be mar
ried in Alameda County on that license,
for nobody will marry them.
"Why don't you simply a^k for the an
nullmtnt of the marriage if he is under
age?"
"You don't Intend to press the charge
of perjury against Russell, though, do
youv" was asked.
"Well, I don't know." said Herbert.
"I'll see when we get hold of him."
"He isn't saying anything," replied
Herbert. "He has turned the whole mat
ter over to me by giving me a power of
attorney and making m,e Russell's guard
ian. The matter is entirely in my hands."
"What does your father think of Rus
sell's escapade?" was asked of the older
brother.
Herbert Lowry said yesterday that he
wanted it understood that he was not
"hostile" toward his younger brother and
thai he did not want to punish him un
necessarily.
"If he'll come home I'll treat him all
right," said Herbert, "and so will the
rest of the folks, but he shan't live with
that George woman. If any one wants
to know anything about her character all
they have to do Is to ask the police."
"Singer? Naw, she can't sing," said Mr.
Martini in speaking of the voluptuous
blonde whom Herbert G. Lowry says shall
not have possession of his minor brother.
"She was valuable on the stage only be
cause of — you know— the way she was
built. She had a contract with me and
some one who she said was her manager
told her to quit me because she could do
better elsewhere. That was five weeks
ago and she hasn't worked since. She'll
not work in this town again."
According to Proprietor Martini of the
Oberon, Miss Annette Lucky George, or,
as she now Btylea herself. Mis. Russell R.
Lowry, will never again grace the stage
of a San Francisco music hall. She vio
lated her solemn contract with him, Mr.
Martini declares, and in consequence her
voluminous figure will no more loom In
the local beery musical swfrl.
The big brother of Russell Lowry,
evidently believing that* he cannot save
the latter from the loving advances
of his blonde inamorata by haying
him jailed on a charge of perjury, is go-
Ing to try a new scheme to-day. This
time his shafts will, be leveled at the fair
concert hall singer. Herbert Lowry pro
poses to consult to-<lay with the District
Attorneys of Alameua and San Francisco
counties and try to have a warrant is
sued for the blonde charmer's arrest on a
charge of abducting the younger scion of
the house of .Lowry. An alleged wife be
ing arrested on a charge of carrying off
by force the man wno procured a license
to marry her is not without an element of
humor.
No Trace of the Boy Russell Has
Been Discovered, and No Evi
dence of a Wedding Can
Be Found.
HE SAYS THEY ARE XOT MARRIED
Herbert Lowfy Declares the
Woman Abductec^ His
Brother.
MAY ASK FOR
ARREST OF THE
BLONDE SINGER
Boukofsky Does Not Remember Having
\ Run Amuck, but Is Confronted
With a Charge of Assault
PATROLMAN SAYS
HE IS SORRY NOW
Steve M., Harding, Who Attempted to
Rob Bookmaker Jackson, Lodged >
Behind the Bars.
DESPERATE YOUNG
BURGLAR IN JAIL
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 28, 1900.
10
AT
\ ¦ MONET-SAVING
PRICES.:.:.:.
FOR THIS WEEK.
•LADIES' KIP BUTTON SHOE?, turns
- ar<3 welts $1.45
LADIES 1 TAX AXD BLACK niCTCLE
.OXFORD TIES ...»1.1S
51E>.'"F TAN £HOES *1-"»O
MEN'S BUTTON AND CONGRESS *
¦ SHOES 5Oc
CHILDREN'S PATENT LEATHER
.. AXI> KrD SHOES 4Oc
broketTlots.
.....ALL EXCELLENT SHOES
Tok VACATION".
SEE PEICES IN WINDOWS AND
BARGAIN COUNTER.
. MAIL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY.
830-832-834 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Good Quality
Low Prices j
Sells Our
Teas. Coffees. 9plces
Handsome premium*
Please our customers
Come Just to See
to &in?rlr?3 foimim Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
r:*-r.: Grant Ave. <Bet. Setter and Pott).
*ei Market gt. tOpp. Powell).
l<0 M»Ui St.
H* Hayes St. «K Third St.
3418 Polk St. tZl Montgomery At*.
rcib Mitsion St. - 705 Ltrkin St.
S006 S!xte«ith St. im Derleadtro St.
146 Ninth St. 47S Halcht £t.
,.?n«? PJIooTf St. tin Mission St.
a llarket EC _ 2782 24th St.
OAKLAND STORES.
I CSS VTa*hinBton St. 616 E. 12th St.
j 227 Broadway. . 11«B 2Sd Av«.
-J.1Q Seventh BC - .. 22» Park St.. Alimrtfc.
Goldberg, Bo wen * Co'i Stria; Si! 3 -Cos timed.
Night lights— Fairy 2OC
6 in. box— burn 8 hours— a short-
thick candle for illuminating purposes
Cheese— Club House IOC gO'C
Rich old cheese in sealed jars
fresh shipment
Ice-cream freezers— J^pfe _
alt sizes in stock — simple — quick
— sure — reasonable
Notice— housekeepers
Laundry soap-tfs<£c° 8cks25C
Home brand box 100 cakes £3
""¦ Manufacturers price
Made of pure tallow— best
cleansing properties — not
injurious to the hands — •
buy liberally put in dry
place to season then it will
go twice as far as fresh
made stock— reg'ly 6 for 25c
Good groceries — prompt service —
city prices are the inducements wo
offer to out of town patrons— big illus*
trated catalogue to order by
Porcelain 'refrigerators
Tile lined inside and out
also oak wood frame —
double walls lined with
mineral wool— sanitary -—
consumes half the usua
quantity of ice— ornamental
as buffet in dining-room—
last forever
1 uWheto-t pn>-
CU v£at,v Sf £S£ta«t musicians, both as *
solo mstrument ana also as an accompaniment
t0 The 1C richnes9 of tone and su*talnlnK Powers
Tne nenness \ inspection is Invited. B^-
m our e i.wnline we ca?r>" many other,, new
*OUdkS2^&» 'P^ 1 condition). «33;
•stelnw Puuare icarve.1 tan, round corners).
fi«-- Km*«on Square. $75: Stein way Upright. *
SStaK^fcS-Ktt- rprlght .3 pedal*. J135;
K,.S.n l-Driitlit ««•">: V«t & Son's Upright.
SS^Tnabo ? JUS: Floyel Upright. JSft. InstaU-
S?nt£l3.Vk *>*• ' m UentS ' »=»^
San Francisco Wareroorrs. ics Ellis Street.
Dnlooo The cover ed passag^-
i alaCG wa y connecting these
two Immense strac-
—————— turea places under
' V one management MM
QY"»r| rooms. 900 of which
dllvl have baths attached.
_____________ Tourists and travel-
ers from every section
f* «« •*-* «3 ot the wrld recognize
\Ji cillQ and appreciate the
comforts and convenl-
' ences offered by thca-i
TT 2 l hotels.
HmAlC American plan. Eu-
A-LVI«dO ropean plan.
e BDWEH
Nome
Returned miners from
Klondike have told us our
goods were the best packed
on the trail — that alone
brought us lots of orders
We learned many things
filling Klondike orders
which we are putting into
practice now
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Coffee— Crescent blend 2OC
You can get a real good coffee here
at this price— ground or roasted
reg'ly 25c Ib
BaCOn— Ferris 1 7C
* Its v cxceptionally delicious flavor
Is what you pay a little more for
-j?s'ly 19c ib
Chutney— Bombay pints }OC
reg'iy 40 and 60: quarts £OC
Prepared from mangoes— grown
and bottled in India — piquant
Prunes— California 4 ibs 25C
Choice— clean fruit— reg'ly 8c Ib
Burgundy— Hou-eii ust. 45c
Very, rich flavor — heavy body —
dilute one-third— reg'ly 75c gallon
Pim-OlaS— Baby 3 bottles 50C
C Small tender olives stuffed with
• ¦ peppers — reg'ly 20c bottle
Vinegar— Estmgon , 20c
French — our .bottling — reg'ly 30c bot
Olives — cresce'nt shape 3 bots 50C
French de Lucques— -
bottled at Bordeaux
Ginger Z.\e—Cochrane& Co$i 35
Bottled at Belfast— our .
Importation— reg'ly $1 50 dozen
Marmalade— Keiiier 20c.
Made from Seville oranges at-
Dundee— reg'ly 25c jar
Malt whisky-iFm ivnn 75c
Reliable for medicinal use
reg'ly f 1 bottle
Carmel SOaD — reg'iy $1 zodor $1
Made in Syria— from olive o\\
for the most tender skin
Cocktails— Imperial 90C
Six flavors — best ingredients
reg'ly $1 25 bottle
Talcum powder— 3 boxes 25c
Lady Jeanette—regly 10c box
Antiseptic skin powder— • •
delightful after shaving
Bay rum— imported. %OC
Double distilled— this water is
guaranteed pure— from St. Thomas
Island— reg'ly 35c bottle
Game pates small tin 35c
Laforest IArge tin 70C
¦';_ To have in the house for emergencies
: —good for outing parties— richest
.of sandwich meats
We have'just received a Yeru large shipment
of FINE GERMAN DAMASK LINENS, con-
sisting of HEMSTITCHED TEA CLOTHS,
CARVING' CLOTHS U DINNER NAPKINS,
LUNCH NAPKINS, DOYLIES, TRAY CLOTHS,
SCARFS in all sizes, LUNCH SETS, DINNER
SETS and TOWELS, These Linens are all in
veru handsome designs and will he sold hu us
at Yeru LOW PRICES,
SEE OUR DISPLAY.
We will also sell this week 25 pieces 72-INCH
. BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK (Irish man-
ufacture), veru handsome designs,
75c Yard.
150 dozen Extra Qualitu SATIN DAMASK
NAPKINS, 24 inches sguarej patterns to
match above damask,
$2o50 Dozen.
1qU*I "^ ETA fJWs^r^P^
' III, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.