PHOENIX, Ariz.. June JO.-Sherlff Mur
ray, and posse struck the trail of the Mex
ican raiders and murderers to-day, at Gold
Fields, near Superstition Mountains. Mur
ray reached Florence to-night. Sheriff
Truman of Final County and posse go
with hlm'to-morrow to aid in rounding up
the party;. which is believed to be beaded
for their rendezvous in the Alineral Creek
country. ¦ ' . .'
Mrs. Gladstone Rallies.
LONDON. .'June -; 11.— Mrs. Gladstone's
condition is • now more hopeful." she ral
lied after sinking Saturday and her doc
tors now think she may. live several days.
extent of his Injury determined he was
hurried away by friends.
Fred Boehm, a respectable citizen, aged
65 year?, was this afternoon shot from
the gun of a Deputy Sheriff. The latter
had fired at a crowd of strikers or sym
pathizers who were stoning a car on the
Bellefontaine line. Death was instanta
neous.
Killed One of the Horses.
About 9 p. m. a two-horse surrey, in
which were a number of men, drove up
to the car sheds at Compton and Man
chester avenues. The men In the
buggy commenced to revile the Dep
uty Sheriffs on guard there with
vulgar language. This became unbeara
ble and Captain Hancock, In command of
the deputies, ordered the men to stop.
They replied with several shots and drove
away. Captain Hancock ordered them to
come back and when they refused fired
point blank at the buggy with his shot
gun, killing one of the horses. The men
Jumped out of the buggy and escaped un
hurt. ,
Ed Barry, a motorman, is laid up with
a badly battered head. He was wounded
by a brick thrown by somebody while
his car was passing a crowd to-night.
Cars were run freely during the day.
To-night they were run under guard till ,
midnight on a half dozen lines.
- Some Minor Riots.
James McGuire and John McElroy re-
ceived serious injuries to-day while en
gaged in a dispute with a number of
strikers and strike sympathizers. Their
assailants escaped. » /¦,',.>
In East St. Louis there were riotous
scenes during the presence of; the street
car strikers. A crowd of several hundred
men released a young man from St. Louis
who had been arrested: for annoying the
employes of the East St. Louis car line.
Several St. Louis men boarded an East
St. Louis street-car and dragged John
Regan, the conductor* from ..the car.
Regan landed a few heavy swings on his
nearest opponent and the car proceeded.
At 5 p.m. all of the East St. Louis cars
were ordered into the sheds.
A Delmar-llne car tilled with passengers
was attacked this evening at 7 o'clock at
Forsythe . Junction by ¦ a howling crowd
that bombarded the car with rocks. The
motorman increased the speed ' and got
away before anyone was seriously hurt.
Preparing Militia for Duty.
JEFFERSON CITY. Mo... June 10.—Gov
ernor Stephens saya this evening, that
everything is being put In readiness * for
calling out the State militia to quell dis
order In St. Louis, but he win not; Issue
the call except as a last resort. .
A rumor is current here that Attorney
General Crow would \ proceed in the Su
preme Court; to oust Mayor: Zeigenheim
from olllce for failure^ to « perform- his,of
ficial business in connection with the
strike.
"WASHINGTON. June 11.— Important
work for the benefit of commerce In the
Pacific is to be performed by the navy
now that Congress has authorized the ap
propriation of $100,000 for ocean and lake
surveys.
Rear Admiral Bradford, chief of the
Bureau. of Equipment, has approved a
recommendation by Conr lander Todd^or
an elaborate charting of the triangle
formed by the Hawaiian Islands, the
southernmost point of the Philippines an 1
the islands of Japan.
It is also proposed to establish a path
between Honolulu and the Philippines to
be. followed by American warships, so
that if any ' become disabled others - fol
lowing may pick them up. It Is believed
that merchant vessels will be prompt to
adopt the route. There Is now no general
path.
Germany has not been expected to join
in the survey of the Pacific- though it is
believed: that when she learns of the ac
tion of this Government she will follow
its example in making complete surveys of
her Pad tic Islands.
It is- understood, of course, that the
United States can obtain more expeditious
results. by co-operating with other nations.
Japan has expressed her willingness to
chart 1 the waters in the vicinity of feer
Islands and Great Britain has charted to
some extent the China Sea and the East
Indies.
Regular Path to Be established Be
tween Honolulu and the Phil-
ippine Islands.
WILL CHART WATERS
OF THE PACIFIC OCEAN
SAN DIEGO. June 10.— The reduction
works at National City were burned this
evening. The plant comprised much valu
able machinery. Recently Colonel S. H.
Lucas established a cyanide plant at tha
works and operated It with power from
the engine room, but with this exception
the entire plant bad been idle for several'
years.
Reduction Works Burned.
NEARLY TO KUMASSI.
British Belief Force Half "Way to
That Station.
LONDON. June 11.— The Daily Express
has the' following dispatch, dated Satur
day, from Prahsu:
"The British relief force is now half
way to Kumassi. The road Is partly un
der water. Many of the carriers have de
serted, and before advancing farther the
relief column must await carriers from
Sierra Leone with stores." _.
is doubtful. All is well up to the pres
ent""
A special dispatch from St. Petersburg,
dated Saturday. June 9, says:
"I have learned from an absolutely re
liable source that minute dispatches have
been sent to the commanders of the Rus
sian troops in Manchuria, directing them
to prepare three regiments of Cossacks
on the Chinese frontier, to be In readi
ness to enter on the day orders are re
ceived."
The Chinese Minister at London. Lo
Ferg Luh, when shown the latest dis
patches from Tientsin, authorized his sec
retary to make the following statement:
"It is all nonsense to believe that the
Empress Is encouraging the Boxers. She
Is doing all she can to calm them. How
can the Chinese Government support a re
bellion when China alone suffers? We
have already lost property worth £10.000,
000. The Empress tack of the Boxers! It
is absurd." ' *
The secretary expressed the opinion that
the Boxers numbered less than a million
of the population. *
WAR BETWEEN JAPAN
AND RUSSIA BREWS
CHICAGO, June 11— "It is the general
belief in Japan that there will be war be
tween that country and Russia," said I)r.
R. Fujisawa, a professor in the Imperial
University of Toklo. Japan, who passed
through Chicago on the way to the Paris
Exposition. Dr. Fujisawa continued:
"While there seems to be but little
doubt that the differences between Russia
and Japan must ultimately be settled by
war. it is impossible to predict when the
war may begin. Russia has pursued a
course which can be construed only as an
Intended provocation to war.
"Of course the utmost secrecy prevails
in ofQcial Japan as to the plans of the
Government, and officially there is noth
ing to indicate that war is expected.
"Work on the Japanese navy is being
pushed*as rapidly as possible. It is given
out that the completed navy will be no
larger than will be necessary for a nation
which is growing as is Japan to protect
her commerce and maintain her dignity
among the powers.
"The suddennes and raDldity with which
the work was begun and is being pushed,
however, indicate that other and almost
immediate use will be found for it. In
the East Russia is thought to be respon
sible for the 'Boxer' troubles, either di
rectly or Indirectly."
TIENTSIN, June 10. — A message
from Peking to the Admirals
asserts that the situation is
hourly growing more dangerous for
foreigners/ All those at Peking have
taken refuge in" the Legation street.
The civil males are under arms to
fight with the regulars if necessary.
The approaches to Legation street are
surrounded by howling mobs of un
disciplined soldiery, with cannon and
bayonets. The International Guards
""were holding off the "mob, which
screamed insults and threats.
This was the situation yesterday
(Saturday), when the "couriers got
through with the latest dispatches.
The Empress Dowager was amusing
herself at the palace with theatricals.
It is reported that Government
arms are being dealt out to the Box
ers. The troops of Tung Fuh Seang
are said to be assisting to kill native
Christians, after malignant tortures.
DETAILS OF ENCOUNTERS
WITH CHINESE REBELS
LONDON, June 11.— Trouble has broken
out at Newchwang. The state of anar
chy around Peking is likely to be Initiated
In' many quarters. Asiatic artillery has
been ordered from Hongkong to Tientsin.
On Friday, according to a dispatch to the
Daily Express from Shanghai, a force of
Cossacks, reconnoitering outside of Tien
tsin, was attacked by a rabble of thou
sands armed with spears and swords and
some rifles. The Cossacks fired upon their
assailants, killing several. A Russian
lieutenant was wounded by a bullet in the
stomach.
There is a serious 'rising at Nanking.
The mob fs said to have attacked the pal
ace of the Viceroy.
' All -dispatches out of Peking are cen
sored in the Interest ot the Empress. ,
The determination of the foreign Minis
ters to increase the garrison at Peking
leads to a belief In foreign circles In Tien
tsin and Shanghai that the powers will
never leave the Chinese capital, but will
make China another Egypt. ~
,-DetaiIs have been received from Shang
hai regarding the recent murders of rail
way engineers by Boxers. It seems that a
party of thirty, including six ladies and
one child, left Pao Ting Fu in twelve
boats under military escort. After tra
versing fifty miles in safety they, missed
their way. The boats grounded and the
Boxers opened fire upon the unfortunate'
occupants, using both rifles and wooden
cannon. The engineers returned the . fire
effectively and the party landed. One lady
and three- men- got separated from the
main body. They were brutally killed.
The survivors formed a square with those
able to bear arms outside- and the women
inside and made off toward Tientsin. They
traveled three and a half days, fighting
all the /<Vay. More than 2000 cartridges
were expended and ammunition was^ run
ning short. They estimated that
killed at least a hundred Boxers.
The men behaved like heroes, carrying
the women and children. One lady of the
party was close to maternity.
Twelve miles from Tientsin three men
of a party disappeared and were mur
dered.' The survivors eventually met the
rescue party and, much exhausted, were
escorted to Tientsin. :
Sir Claude Macdonald. British Minis
ter In Peking, sent the following telegram
to Shanghai, on June 7:
"The movement against the foreigners,
which has been allowed to grow to such
an extent, has resulted in the burning of
railway stations and. in the Interruption
of railway communication for five days.
Two British 'missionaries and several for
eign missionaries have been murdered ¦ in
the district near Peking. In the. country
round numbers of converts have been mu
dered and chapels have been pillaged and
destroyed, while in the capital itself Brit
ish missionaries * have 'been obliged ; to
leave their houses 'and take" refuge at
the legation, which is. defended by sev
enty-five marines.
•The Chinese Government Is affected by
these . events so far as to send ; high offi
cials to parley with the Boxers, but it
does not show any intention of summarily
suppressing them. Probably it still has
power to do . so, but.; the throne Is still
strongly Influenced by. sympathy with the
movement and the spirit of the troops
ST. LOUIS. June 10.— The day Just
ended has been one of the most
eventful and bloody since the great
strike on the St. Louis Transit lines
began more -than a month ago.
There were numerous encounters between
Ftrlkers and other riotous Individuals and
the constituted authorities, resulting in
three deaths and the wounding of five or
more persons, mostly strikers. One of
ihe latter will die.
The day was quiet until thi* afternoon,
¦when the police were taken off a number
cf streetcar lines for the purpose of giv
ing- them a rest and to test the ability
cf the Trar.sit Company to operate with
out friction.
The rncst serious trouble broke out be
tween C and 7 o'clock In front of the six
etery store building on Washington ave
nue, between Broadway and Sixth street,
occupied by the Sheriff's posse comitatus
as a barracks and headquarters. Several
hundred etrikers had gone to Bast St.
Louis early in the day to attend a picnic
given for their benefit and toward even
lr.g began returning home. The trouble
was precipitated when 150 strikers In uni
form and headed by a drum corps came
west on Washington avenue. In their
caps some of them had cards bearing
these words: "Union or nothing-; liberty
or death." »
Just as they were passing the barracks
& car cf the Park avenue division was
going west. A number of the men broke
from the line and rushed for the car,
¦which was without the usual police guard.
A brick was thrown through the car win
dow and a shot was fired by somebody
not fcr.own. ,, . , _ ¦ Amim i^ :
Deputies Use Shotguns.
At the first intimation of trouble mem
bers of the Sheriff's posse swarmed from
the buIMir.gr and surrounded the crowd
of strikers, calling on them to disperse.
Other shots were nred. Then several dep
uties turned loose their repeating shot
g-uns. loaded with buckshot. As far as
can be learned, only four men In the
strikers' ranks were hit. Not a deputy
•was wounded.
Atter the flght was over C. Edward
Thomas, a striking conductor, was picked •
x:p, shot in the breast. He died in an am- !
bulance on the way to the hospital.
George Rino, a Ftrikir.g motorman, re
ceived a terrible wound in the abdomen.
He was taken to the City Hospital and
died en the operating table-
E. D. Burkhardt, a striking: conductor,
received several buckshot In the side of
the head, causing a serious wound. He
may die.
Oscar Marvin, a striking conductor, will
probably lose his right hand, which was
t>ad!y torn by a load of shot. It is not
known whether any others were wounded
or not.
Vnder the command of Colonel Caven
<3er, the deputies arrested twenty of the
strikers and took them into the barracks,
where they were searched. Three re
volvers and a number of pocketknlvejs
v/ere secured and the prisoners were
taken to the Four Courts, where they
vrerc locked up. pending an investigation.
Prominent Men in the Fray.
The remainder of the strikers fled, fol
lowed by a squad of mounted police that
had be^n summoned. They dispersed
without further trouble.
The posse company that did the shoot-
Ing 1* composed of some of the most
prominent citizens In the city, and be
haved with distinction. Among them were
W. p. Kennctt, ex-president of the Mer
chants' Exchange; John F. Lee, a promi
nent lawyer and member of the citizens'
committee that has been trying to effect
a settlement between the strikers and the
Transit Company: ex-Judge Chester H.
Crum, Hon. Charles Nagle, a prominent
lawyer and former candidate on the Re
publican ticket for Mayor; ex-Judge John
H. .Overall. Hugh K. Hartung, a newspa
per man. and I>r. J. H. "Woodworth.
Thi* afternoon, while a crowd of men
on Franklin avenue, near Twelfth street,
¦wore menacing a car of the Easton ave
nue line, the motorman or policeman on
board fired pevrral shots from a revol
ver. August Smith was shot in the right
arm and breast, but not seriously wound
ed. Charles Lud-.rlg was wounded in the
hand. Both assert they were merely on
lotikcrs. A third man is said to have
bc-fn wounded, but his name could not be
lea rncd.
In a fracas at Tenth street and Frank
lin avenue this evening a man was shot
and it la reported fatally injured, but be
fore his name could be learned or the
IHSEE MEN KILLED AND
FIVE OTHERS ARE WOODED
: On* of the litost Eventful and Bloody
I>ays at the Missouri Metropo
lis Since the Streetcar
Trouble Began,
Deputies Battle With a
Throng of St. Louis
Strikers.
BUCKSHOT
FIRED INTO
THE CROWD
mission compounds, are closed and the
missionaries are being collected under the
protection of the .legation guards. Rein
forcements for all the guards are com
ing." '. : - -
WILD RUMORS THAT
PEKING IS BURNING
LONDON. June 11.— The Dally Mall has
the following - from Tientsin, dated Fri
day,-June 8: "The wildest,. rumors are
current: here, to the effect, that Peking Is
burning, but they lack confirmation."
CHINESE MISSIONARIES
WERE BURNED ALIVE
"LONDON", June 11.— The Peking cor
respondent of the . Times,. telegraphing
Sunday, says:
"The Empress, Dowager- and Emperor
returned to Peking, yesterday., escorted by
soldiers , under Tung, Fuh. .Slang. The
American mission buildings at Tung Chau,
twelve miles from Peking, which were
abandoned by the missionaries, have been
looted and burned by the Chinese soldiers
who were sent to protect them. Within
three days seventy-five native Christians,
well-known men who had been trained for
years . by . American missionaries, have
been massacred 'near Tung Chau. Many
of-them were burned alive.
"The intimidation of Christians con
tinues within Peking itself. Most of the
TIENTSIN, June 10. — About fifteen hundred foreign troops of all
arms left for Peking by two tramp trains this morning.
HONGKONG, June 10. — Two hundred and fifty men of tha
Welsh Fnsileers, also sappers and miners, have been ordered to hold
themselves in readiness to proceed north on account of the Boxer dis
turbances. Their places will be filled by troops from India.
LONDON*. June 11, 2:49 a. m.— The ad
mirals at Taku. acting In concert,
are forcibly reopening the railway
- from Tientsin to Peking. Gangs of
laborers are repairing the damaged
line, which Is guarded by 1500 men. com
posed of detachments from the foreign
fleet. One hundred Americans, under
Captain McCalia, are among them. They
have guns and armored trains for use
when the line is repaired, which can
hardly be effected before Monday night.
Ten thousand troops of all nationalities,
according to a dispatch to the Daily Ex
press from Shanghai, will be sent to Pe
king to back up the demands of the
Ministers upon the Government, or, if
necessary to suppres the Boxers them
selves.
• TIENTSIN, June 10.— The special train
that went to examine the line and recon
noiter returned last night. The railway
is that affairs have remained practically
unchanged. At the same, time the Min r
ister has been fujly advised by : the offi
cials here as to h!s course in. dealing, with
the situation, so that he would be fully
prepared to act without further commun
ication with the State Department.
An Associated Press reporter visited
Chinese Minister Wu during the evening,
but that diplomat s.oid that he had not
received a word from his Government.
The Minister explained that his Govern
ment did not resort to the use of the ca
ble freely in communicating with him.
Wu inquired eagerly for the last press
dispatches from" China, but had no com
ment to make other than' to express the
hope that the situation would improve
soon. •
was found clear two miles beyond Yang
tsuh. The engineers, with the guards,
walked a mile and a half farther. They
found the ties and two bridges burned
and the railway torn up.
The first repair train, with Admiral
Seymour and his staff, 650 British. Cap
tain McCalla's 100 Americans,' 40 Italians
and 25 Austrlans, left this morning at
half-past 9. A Hotchkiss and other guns
were mounted In the center of the train.
A second train left at 11 o'clock, with
600 British, Japanese, Russian and French
troops. Repairing matter and new rails
-were taken along. There are thirty-one
foreign war vessels at Taku.
COOPED UP IN THE
AMERICAN MISSION
LONDON. June 10.— A special dispatch
to the Associated Press from Peking, un
der date of June 9. says:
"The situation is growing steadily more
alarming. The missionary compounds
were all abandoned yesterday evening.
Forty American and English missionaries
are gathered at the American Methodist
mission, surrounded by 300 native pupils,
whom It was Impossible to send to their
homes. They are waiting, with a few re
volvers and guarded by ten American
marines, for reinforcements to take
them to the coast. A missionary who has
returned from the country to the east
says the populace are asserting that they
must have a new Emperor."
NO NEWS RECEIVED
AT WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. June 10.— Not a word
had been received by the State or Nan'
department to-night regarding the situa
tion in China- The general interpreta
tion put upon Minister Conger's silence
THE DEAD.
ARTHUR LISCOMB.
GEORGE BAKER, 13 months
LEWIS C. SANBORN.
E. D. BURROUGHS, motorman.
THE IUJTJBED.
Lieutenant Governor Charles D.
Kimball, Providence; C. N. Kings
ley, Pawtucket; Mrs. Kingsley,
Pawtucket; William Malley, H. A.
Palmer. H. T. Palmer. A. H.
Bragg. Mary Tourtlllot, William J.
Bogerty. Owen J. Hurley. Mans
field; Mrs. Bogerty and son,
George Baker. Mrs. Baker, Flor
ence Baker, Thomas Jackson, G.
B. Allcok. J. Fleming, Mrs. Flem
ing: and two children, unknown
woman. 22 years old; J. Brown,
J. Manchester, Oakland Beach;
Henry Hanlon, car motonnan;
Claude E. Harris, conductor.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., June 10.— By a
collision which occorred at "War
wick, on the suburban line of the-
Union Railroad, this noon, two cars
striking end on. four persons were
killed and more than twenty-five Injured,
of whom three are probably fatally hurt.
Ueutenant-Governor Kimball is among
those who are not expected to live.
Additions to the death list are hourly
expected, as several of the Injured are at
the hospital in a precarious condition. The
accident occurred through the efforts ot
Motorman Burroughs to make a switch on
the line, which is a single track. He had
been given the signal to go ahead, and
followed orders.. with the above results.
The accident took place on the suburban
line between this city and Oakland Beach,
a summer resort twelve miles distant.
Ordinarily the cars run on a thirty
minute schedule, but on Sundays the
travel is extremely heavy, and to-day
fifteen-minute time was in vogue. The car
left the city terminus-, and before it had
reached the outskirts of the city it was
packed passengers even standing In tho
aisles. ' When the car reached Warwick
station It stopped to allow passengers to
alight. According to schedule Conductor
Manchester should have waited a few
minutes at the turn-out to- allow the up
bound Oakland Beach car to pass. Ha
rang the signal to go ahead, and Motor
man Burronghs put on his power and th©
car was soon speeding at a lively rate.
Just beyond the station is a curve, then a
straight stretch of road and then a sharp
curve in a deep cut. It is impossible for
a motorman to see beyond the curve, as
on the left is a high bank, hiding the rails
from view.
Telescoped on a Curve.
The regular car left Oakland Beach on
its trip to the turn-out at Warwick sta
tion. Suddenly there flashed before the
motorman's vision a car sweeping toward
him. The curve seemed to lend additional
speed to the cars. Quick as a flash
Motorman Hanlon shut off his power and
applied his air brakes, which stopped the
car Instantly. The down-bound car came
on in spite of the efforts of the motorman
to check its speed.
There was a crash, and the cars tele
scoped. The Oakland Beach car tore its
way through the other car. crushing all
before it like an eggshell. On to the nftn
seat went the bumper of the up-bound
car. carrying death and Injury in its wake.
Motorman Burroughs was instantly killed.
The scenes that followed were heart
rendin§r. Under the wreckage were inani
mate bodies, whXe groans and shrieks of
the injured filled the air. Those who were
not Injured were frantic in their efforts to
locate their companions.
Calls were cent out for assistance, and a
corps of doctors were soon at the scene.
"Willing hands helped to extricate the In
jured, who ¦were conveyed to the Warwick
station. Two cars were equipped with cots
and doctors, and assistants were dis
patched from this city to the wreck.
Removal of Dead and Injured.
The wounded were placed on the cars
and conveyed to the Elmwood station,
where ambulances from the hospital were
in waiting. Lewis C. Sanborn. who was
Injured internally, died on hi3 way to the
city. Mrs. Fred Andrews, a daughter of
Mr. Sanborn, was conveyed to the hos
pital in a precarious condition. Her In
juries consisted of an arm and fooi
crushed. Her spine was also Injured. She
Is reported dillrious and la not expected
to live.
The 13-month-old child of Mr. and Mrs.
George W. Baker -was killed. His parents
escaped with slisht injuries.
The fourth victim was Arthur G. LJ»
comb.
Among the passengers was Lleutenant-
Governor Charles L>. Klznball. He was
hurt Internally and received a concussion
of the brain. He was unable to be moved
from Warwick station, and it is thought
that his injuries will prove fatal.
Mary Tourtlllot is ario fatally injured,
her back being broken.
While the list of injured Is now num
bered at twenty-six, there are many per
sons whose Injuries cannot yet be deter
mined. At the hospital, where eight of th»
Injured were conveyed, it is stated that It
Is expected that two will not survive tha
night.
The down-bound car was not equipped
with air brakes and hand brakes were not
equal to the emergency, and. In fact had
It been supplied with them it is a question
whether the car could have been af opped
In time.
LIEUTENANT-GOVERNOR OF
RHODE ISLAM A YIGTffl
Crowded Coaches Hurled Together on
a Suburban Motor Road and
Passengers Mangled by
Crashing Timber*. 'yV'--'
Four Persons Killed anS
More Than Twenty-Five_
Injured.
COLLISION
OF CARS AT
PROVIDENCE
No Abatement in Boxer Outrages, and the
Powers Are Losing No Time in *
Taking Precautions.
FIFTEEN HUNDRED
FOREIGN TROOPS ON
THE WAY TO PEKING
TACTICS WAT SHOW
THE WAR IS SOT OVER
There ;Has Bsen Some Heavy Fight
¦ ing the Last Fe-ftr Days and Buller
Is the Only General to
Make Progress.
LONDON, June 11 (3:30 a..m.).— The
Boers have torn up twenty-four
miles of Lord Roberts' vital llne'of
railway between America siding
and Roodville. It is a bold raid
and vexatious, but it does not disquiet
the military authorities as yet, for they
expect Generfl Kelly-Kenny to drive off
the marauders and reopen the line. The
rapidity of the advance of Lord Roberts
cannot have permitted him to accumulate
large reserves of stores. Therefore an
interruption of the railway, even for a
week, must embarrass the army and may
"bring the forward operations to a stand
still.
Nothing - has been heard from Lord
Roberts for three days. This raid on the
railway, the strenuous opposition to Gen
eral Rundle and the nimble escape of
Commandant General Botha's division
have forced the War Office observers to
the reluctant conclusion that the war is
not yet over, although even the occasion
al civilian Boer sympathizer cannot see
how the Boers will be able to do anything
to change the result. ,
General Buller is in Boer territory. Dis
patches of correspondents with him. tiled
at sunset yesterday, describe the corps as
camping at Gansoloi, close to the point
; where the frontiers of the Free State, the
Transvaal and Natal meet.
, "The British marched eight miles yes
terday," says a Reuter correspondent,
"before encountering any opposition. The
Boers, who had one gun. withdrew under
heavy ordnance nre to a ridge Just ahead
of the camp."'
Long Range Skirmishing.
This long-range running skirmish will
doubtless be renewed this morning. Gen
eral Buller is expected to make rapid pro
gress now, and to throw the weight jqI I
20.000 men ! inta Lord Robe'rts*. JTransvaal
combinations. '._.- ' — -' "-"; ¦ •' .;--.«• '¦• . c - •¦-,•-.
The fighting on June 6, in which there
were fewer than twenty j casualties, was
kept up all day. long by . musketry and
artillery. The British attacking line, three
miles. in length, made its way amid the!
precipitous hills. A Boer gun on Spitz
Kop ilred shrapnel rapidly at a range of
4000 yards at the British right flank, but
every shell was buried in the ground be
fore bursting. The defensive power of
modern weapons seems less effective in
rough country than upon levels, where
wide spaces can be covered with flat
trajectories. .
General Rundle's and General Brabant's
divisions are still at Hammond. The latest
intelligence from their headquarters is
that the Boers are determined to fight to
the bitter end. They are concentrating
4000 men around Bethlehem. The country
between them and General Rundle is
mountainous and exceedingly difficult for
military operations.
General Rundle's Task.
General Rundle's present care is to pre
vent the Boers getting past him south
ward. Major Wood of Rundle's staff rode
to a Boer outpost on June 6 and an
nounced that Pretoria had been occupied
by the British. How the Boers received
this news is not recorded. Altogether 600
Beors have surrendered to General
Rundle.
General Hunter's advance has occupied
Ventersdorp, 100 miles southwest of Pro
toria. This took place on June 7.
General Plumer's column 13 on the
Elands River, northwest of Pretoria. The
British are sending detachments right and
left to accept the surrender of com
mandos, horses, cattle, forage and to
overawe the sparsely settled country.
Thus far only one small commando has
been heard of, a commando at Tailbasch.
General Hunter's immediate objective is
Potschefstroom. This town and Rusten
burg are the largest .towns west of Jo
hannesburg. It is reported that Potschef
stroom la ready to submit. General Hun
ter has warned all burghers that if the
telegraph is cut behind him he will send
back and burn the houses near the. line.
The Dutch in Cape Colony appear to
have split, a majority of the Afrikander
bund being displeased by the unwilling
ness of Sir. Schrelner. the Cape Premier,
to go the full length of the proposed oppo
sition to the British.
Boers Retire Before Buller.
The "\Var-t5fflce has received the follow
ing dispatch from Sir Redvers Duller:
"HEADQUARTERS IN NATAL. June
10.— With reference to my telegram of
June 8, we halted yesterday to get our
trains. up the pas's, which is very steep.
I found the enemy were about 2000 strong
in a very carefully prepared position,
which they must have been very disheart
ened not to have held longer than they
did.- They have all retired about twenty
slx miles to the northwest. I find our
casualties were more than I at/ first
thought. They were one officer wounded
and two men killed and thirteen
wounded."
General Sir Forestier- Walker wires to
the War Office from Cape Town under to
day's date as. follows: "Information re
ceived from natives early yesterday (Sat
urday) reports the enemy in three
columns near Honlngsprult. The railway
has been almost completely destroyed be
tween America and Roodeval."
LOURENZO MARQUES. Saturday
June 9.— It Is reported that the British
have occupied Koomatlpoort after fight
ing. «
President Kruger is said to have a large
quantity of personal valuables with him.
Order to Delay Roberts'
Advance. •
Tearing Up the Railway in
BOERS YET
MAKE VERY
BOLD RAIDS
voLmiE Lxxxrni-NO, 11.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Situation at the Chinese Capital Grows More
Serious Hourly, and Foreign Guards
Are Threatened.
ALL APPROACHES TO
LEGATIONS PACKED
BY HOWLING MOBS
Bounding Up Desperadoes.
CHINESE SOLDIERS OUTSIDE THE HATA GATE, PEKING.
The San Francisco Call.
THE DEAD.
C. EDWARD THOMAS, striking
conductor on the Chouteau avenue
line, ehot in breast by Deputy
Sheriff; died on the way to hos
pital.
GEORGE RIXE. striking motor
man on the Delmar avenue line,
ehot in abdomen by Deputy Sher
iff; died at City Hospital.
FRED BOEHM, aged citizen.
shot and instantly killed while
standing In his front yard by Dep
uty Sheriff.
THE DUT/RED.
E. D. BIJRKHART. striking con
ductor on the Detmar avenue line,
shot in the head.
Oscar Marvin, conductor on the
Lee avenue line, shot In rlgrht hand
and arm. serious; Aug-ust Smith,
striker, shot In right arm and
breast, not serious; Charles Lud
wig. shot in hand, not serious; Ed
Barry, motonnan, hit in head with
brick, badly frijured; James Mc-
Guire and John McElroy, severe
seaJp wounds, received in trouble
with the strike sympathizers.
Two of Uncle Sam's Of
fices in China.h to Th« Can. : > ;
T. V.; second, Gustad Hotop. E. T. S.;
third. Charles Kraus. O. T. V.; fourth.
Harry Meyer. S. F. T. V.; fifth. Charles
Stenbeck, O. T. V.; sixth, Ernest Rohor,
O T V.
Second class— First. L. Scnepp'.er. E. T.
S.; second. G. Ebel, S. T. V.: third R.
Kaulfuss. E. T. S.; fourth. J. Liebold.
K. T. S.; fifth, George Steffens. E. T. S.; j
sixth. E. Scheppler. E. T. S.; seventh. F. |
Strueven, U. T. V.; eighth. S. \ ermehren. ¦
M. T. V.: ninth, Charles Block. E. T. S.;
tenth. K. Trost. S. T. V.; eleventh, L.
Trost. S. T. V. ' _
Third class— First. N. Offenbach, Sac
ramento T. V.: second. S. Schletter, E. T.
S.; third, B. fining*. O. T. V.: fourth, A.
Voijrt. S. F. V.; fifth, C. Mehrtens. E. r.
S.: sixth. A. Gler, O. T. V.; seventh. R.
Marten.E. T. S.; eighth. E. Trost. S. F.
V.; ninth. F. Zesher, S. T. V; tenth, J.
Borgel, E. T. S. ¦ _
Veterans— Fred Attinger, S. F. S.; Franz
Acker, S. F. S.; E. Nickel, M. T. V.; A. F.
Schuppert. M. T. V. - "¦¦ , a
Special prizes— Ten pins. P. Peiskert, S. |
F. T. V. Running, L. Trost. S. F. V.: H.
Gier, O. T. V. Wrestling, L. Trost, S. K
T. V. Welterw-eight. Ernest Rehor. O. T.
V. Heavyweight, Charles Steinbeck. O.
T. V. Swimming. L.. Trost. S. F. TV.
Fencinjr. George Steffens. E. T. S Es
sayist. Paul Uth. O. T. V.: P. Paul Has
selbrock. M. T. V. First group. N. Offfcn
bech, S. T. V.: G. Ebele. S. T. V. Second
group, L. Scheppler. E. T. S. ; Charles
Block. E. T. S. Declamation. Ernest
Mueller, O. T. V. Singing, first. S. J..T.
V.: second. S. F. T. V.
To-night the Turners danced and made
merry. They were Joined by hundreds of
people from the city. The local Turners
are highly gratified at the big turn out.
. Oakland.- San Francisco. Sacramento
and San Jose sent almost double the num
bers promised. Not a single unpleasant
feature marred the day's pleasures.
* ¦ . - * - •
Variety of Entertainment Provided for the Dele
gates After the Business of the Day v ;
- 'Bp*ctal tH,p».
STOCKTON, Junft 10.— A - thousand
Turners gathered, here to-day to
witness their athletic contests and
made merry at Goodwater Grove.
, It was the annual district gather
ing, and from every point of view exceed
ed the anticipations of the members.
Turners arrived yesterday evening and
this morning by boat and train and short
ly after 9 o'clock paraded the principal
streets before proceeding to the grounds.
The district officers, air of whom were
present, are as follows:
First speaker, -Phil Conradi; second
spoaker.E. Mueller; recording secretary,
Kichard Lenz; assistant, Paul Uth; lead
er. H. Pflug; treasurer,' Theodore Gler:
advisory board— H. Kraacke and H. Dohr
mann. The clerks of the day were G.
kiermann and Joseph Dletriek.
The list of judges was made up as fol
lows:- H. C. F. Str.hl. San Francisco;
Conrad Weidmann, Mission: Louis Hen
ning, San Jose; Robert Barth.San Fran
cisco; A. Furth. L. Rapp, W. Schaeffer,
Fred Becker, Phil KnacK and Bernard
Schonberg. San Francisco; O. Hartwig
and Fritz Lueck. Sacramento; P. Uth and
R. I^nz, Oakland.
The' contests- began promptly at 10
o'clock, and it was after 5 before the last
event was finished. -, . /
The judge's-.' followed the work closely
and could, have awarded the prizes an
hour afterward, but in order to keep up
interest ' and anticipation,' the announce
ments were withheld till 11 o'clock. The
regular prizes were awarded on general
averages arrived at in the six classes of
work making up the schedule. These
were also divided into three classes. 'The
prizes were. awarded in the order here
named: "
First class— First, Fred Attlnger, S. F.
After a Number of Spirited Athletic Con
tests the Evening Is Devoted to
TURNERS SPEND A MERRY
DAY AT GOODWATER GROVE
NATIVE DAUGHTERS OF JACKSON
READY TO WELCOME SISTERS
_The detailed items for Mare Island and
other places on this coastand in'the Pa
cific are of local importance, and are given
In the following table: - . .
MONEY FOR MARE ISLAND. ..
ELOPERS WEDDED ON A
SWIFTLY MOVING TRAIN
SPOKANE. Wash.. June 10.-O. B Mas
terson a young business man of Rath
nT § S ah °* el0PCd thls "ormnVwifh
Clara, the youngest daughter of W A
Hart, a wealthy banker of that city The
young folks, accompanied by a nartv «?
fiends and Probate Judge Vady took
the North Coast Limited of the NorthMn
Pacific at Rathdrum. The train was lit
at^Blxtv'StJn 1 ' 8 .? 11 * th t
at • a _ sixty-two-mile an hour jrait Th«
ma^^nVwlfl 0^ 3 whIch m^« thl'coSSe
w^th hdr V m 'S t but ?, ev en mites east of the
washngton State line, so there could be
no delay, as the Judge's jurisdiction ex
\i nA % d 9 nly to the county line. He spoke
the final words Just in time, as the train
was in Washington before congratula
tions^ could be spoken. The Irate father
has telegraphed he will be here about
midnight on the next train, and he threat
ens the life of the groom. He Is one of
the wealthiest men of Idaho and possess
ed of a violent temper.
¦ -The bride Is 19 years old, handsome and
talented. Both she and her husband are
deservedly; popular, in their home town.
Iron and Coal Shares Fall Twenty
i Five Points and Other Securi
ties Are Weak.
¦ BERLIN, June 10.— Last week was the
worst the Bourse had known for t,wenty
years. Many of the most substantial iron
and coal shares fell more than 25 points.
From Thursday conditions were very pan
icky, with phenomenal declines In both
lines of securities.' The banks forced
many weak customers to sell their hold
ings, the public thus suffering great
losses. The financial press refers to It as
"black week."
An impetus was given to the panic by
reports from the United States of the
overproduction of the iron market there
together with shutting down of mills and
reductions In prices. The situation Is
commented upon here as' foreshadowing
an Invasion of the German markot. With
in a week a first-class Westphallan firm
has purchased 12,000 tons of American
open hearth Iron from a London house.
It also appears that American foundry
iron has been offered in Berlin for £5
marks.
In all this the financial press sees the
danger of American competition already
becoming realized. A number of manu
facturers In Western Germany have
formed an organization for combating
American enterprise in iron and steel
eoods. -.
Thc\ Sllesian iron market Is also report
ed decidedly weak. ,
The decline of coal and iron shares
spread to other securities and other in
dustrials lost rather heavily. Bank shares
fell off also. The money market showed
no improvement and private discount
rose at the end of the week. Exchange
rates, however, tend in Germany's favor.
WELLESLEY COLLEGE IS
SHOCKED BY A HAZING
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
BOSTON, Mass., June 10.— Wellesley Col
lege is in the wildest excitement to-day
over the revelation of the most startling
hazing ever known in a college for women
In America, and the faculty is considering
what punishment - shall : be • inflicted upon
the wayward young ladies.
MJss Frances Hughes of Cortland, N. Y.,
president of the sophomore class and one
of the most prominent girls In college,
was kidnaped . by ' a ¦ crowd of ! juniors and
held prisoner under lock and key for two
days, while a score of other sopho
mores were defeated in. a pitched battle
in the woods in the dark.- bound hand and
foot, gagged, disfigured by the liberal use
of green paint and left lying on the
ground until: discovered by the college
gardener.
It was during the secret weird ceremony
of the "Burning Forensics" by. the juniors
on Thursday, night that : the. encounter
took , place. - A : score or- more" of sopho
mores had ventured : to tho fcenc and the
juniors caught them.- •; ' ¦' • . . ¦.
BERLIN BOURSE HAS
VERY PANICKY WEEK
PARIS GRAND PRIX t ££\
: WON BY SEMENDRIA
Owing to Absence of Military the
Event Was Not So Spectacular
as It "Was Last Year.
PARIS, June 10.— The Grand Prix de
Paris was won by Baron A. de Schickler's
gr. f. Semendrla, the betting against
which was 7 to 1.
M. Th. Carter's b. c. Lovegrass, 40 to 1,
was second and M. J. de Bromond's b. c.
La Go, S to 1, third.
Sir E; Casset's ch. c. Banorosa, ridden
by L. Itelff, was unplaced. ;~ £• a :¦*
Fifteen horses started.
The event did not have the spectacular
features which characterized it last year,
when cavalry, infantry and police lined
every artery of the race course.
To-day a single company of infantry,
with the tiSual Republican Guard and a
few police constituted the only force in
evidence. Politics was not in the air. for
the presence of AI. I^oubet. the President,
crrated no more attention than do hts
daily visits to the exposition.
The ¦* v was perfect for racing. The
crnwi* as not unusually large. Compar
ative- few Americans were within the
end' .re. considering the large number
'> .v city. * .
U was thought that Tod Sloan would
ride, .but yesterday he telegraphed thnt
he could not. and L.. Relff was the only
American jockey In the race. Bona Rosa,
was never considered as having a chance.
La Morinlert! was a warm favorite, but
was back in the ruck at the finish. It
seemed to hi Semendrla's race' from the
moment ihe flag fell. She jumped into
the lead at full running, but quickly had
her mouth open, as her jockey pulled
hard, drawing her into easy running and
fourth .place. " .
Reift's mount led for a time, but lacked
staying qualities and was soon out. In
the stretch Semcndria was given her head
and she romped home a length and a half
ahead of I-ovcgrass, who was a head In
front of Iago.
Among those present were Mr. and Mrs.
Oliver Iselln, Mr. and Mrs. George Gould
and Count and Countess de Castellane,
Mrs. Douglass Grant. Mrs. Mackay, MHs
Daisy Letter, Benjamin Woodward,
United. States Commissioner General to
the Paris Exposition: Michel H. de Young
of San Francisco, Mr. and Mrs. Sellgman
and R. Homer of Wyoming. •;.'/.
Bank Depositors Incensed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June 10.— There promises to
be a lively meeting of the depositors of
the defunct Union Savings Bank In the
near future, In which the management of
that institution will be severely con
demned. The ire of the depositors has
been aroused -by President Rea uslnp
nearly $60,000 of the bank's fund to pay oft
a mortgage held by Mrs. Elma Wright,
wife of ex-Director Wright, on the bank
building. • The depositors believed this
sum should have gone out in dividends
among them. ¦•-,¦'• '¦
Narrowly Escaped Death.
Special • Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. June 10.-C. M. Vail.
Emma Vail and Mabel Vail narrowly es
caped death at the broad gauge depot
here, this afternoon. They are from New
York and are stopping at the Palace Ho
tel in San Francisco.- Coming: from the
city thl3 morning they secured a carriage
and started-on a tour of -the town. .- In
driving across the railroad track the train
backed ;up on the team and wrecked- the
carriage, the occupants escaping with only
a few scratches. v «
The sum of $225,000 for the new dock
may be more or less according to the dis
tribution of $900,000 allowed collectively
for the docks at Portsmouth. Boston,
league Island and Mare Island. As the
Construction and Repairs has been in
creased "by nearly three millions and
Steam Engineering by more than eight
hundred thousand dollars over the appro
priations of last year, the prospects for
plenty of work and consequent, good
times are very promising for Mare Island
and Vallejo.
The training station at Goat Island is
allowed $30,000 for maintenance and $34,750
for buildings and improvements, making
a total of $64.7oO.
Naval station Bremerton, on Puget
Sound, gets $80,000 for ordnance, shop and
two magazines. $206,165 toward various
permanent improvements and $25,000
toward a construction plant. The civil es
tablishment, clerks, etc., Is allowed
$6007 40, making a grand total of $317,
172 40.
Honolulu is allowed $25,000 for machine
tools for repairs of engines and boilers
of naval vessels.
Cavlte naval station, In the Philippines,
Is to have an equipment plant at $20,000,
and the clerical force in the supply and
account department will consist of nine,
at an aggregate salary' of $10,800. ' An
electrician at $5 04 per diem is allowed
In the equipment department. Total ap
propriation for Cavlte, $32,377 52.
Special r>isoatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. June 10.— The naval, ap
propriation bill just passed for the ensu
ing fiscal year is the largest in the history
of the navy during the time of peace. It
exceeds that of last year by $12,740,347 19,
and this rate of progress is likely to reach
the one hundred million dollar mark in
less than five years and to exceed that of
Great Britain in ten years. The chief in
terest in the present appropriation cen.
ters, of course, In the increase of the
navy, and there was but little friction be
tween the Senate and House to come to
an agreement on this subject.
Authority Is given to construct two bat
tle-ships of 13,500 tons each, three armored
cruisers of 13.000 tons each, three protect
ed cruisers each of S000 tons and five Hol
land submarine torpedo boats. The aggre
gate cost of these thirteen vessels Is
$29,150,000, exclusive of armor and guns,
and $13,540,699 Is made available toward
construction of hulls and machinery.
A further sum of 14.000,000 Is allowed for
armor and guns, discretionary power be
ing given to the Secretary of the Navy to
purchase armor for the vessels already
under construction at $545 p€;r ton and to
contract for the new vessels' armor at
$445. In the event of his failure to make
satisfactory armor contracts the Secre
tary is authorized to purchase the site
for a government armor plate factory and
to erect the requisite plant at a cost not
to exceed $4,000,000, of which $2,000,000 is
made available.
Provisions are made for extensive Im
provements at the several navy yards;
the floating dock at Havana is to be pur
chased for 1275,000, which, with that at
Algiers and four others In course of con
fctruction, will go far toward making the.
docking facilities of the navy correspond
with the requirements of the ships. There
are strong indications that the naval sta
tion nnd drydock at Port Royal will be
abandoned, and the Secretary of the
Navy is authorized to select and recom
mend another suitable site in the State
of South Carolina. A board of naval offi
cers Is likewise to determine the deslra
billtv of locating and building a drydock
on the Columbia River. Oregon.
The annexed table shows the amounts
appropriated under the chief divisions for
the year closing on July 1. 1900, and for
the year ending on July i, 1091:
Provision Made 'for the Training
Station at Goat Island and
for the Mare Island
Navy Yard.
Appropriations by Congress
as Applied to This
Coast. .
SOME LIBERAL
ALLOWANCES
FOR THE NAVY
MANILA: June lO.-Judge William H.
Taft and his colleagues of the Philippine
Commission were beset during their first
week in Manila by a "multitude of callers
of all nationalities, professions and Inter
ests, who presented a bewildering assort
ment of recommendations touching mili
tary and civil policies. The Commission
ers maintained the altitude of un
prejudiced listeners. They admit that,
while they anticipate an enormous task,
the complexity and- difficulty of - the
problems and conditions are well nigh
staggering. .
They find General MacArthur adminis
tering civil and military affairs in a way
that is universally popular. The Filipino
party, embracing prominent insurrec
tionists who accepted American rule
through force 'of circumstances, is al
ready making the old proposition of au
tonomy under an American protectorate.
Judge Taf t s utterances Indicate a con
ciliatory policy toward the natives. He
has conferred with the high army officers,
some of whom strongly urge that a larger
army is necessary to suppress the Insur
rection, believing that civil government
will be' impossible until the rampant re
bellion in the southern districts of Luzon,
In the extreme northern provinces of the
island and in the Visayas, except Negros,
is crushed.
American experience with the natives
discourages the hope of honest govern
ment through them until a generation or
more have eradicated the results of
Spain's tutelage. . : ,-" ¦¦¦-•- -v^/.
A large proportion of the provincial
officials already installed have proven
treacherous, while the native police and
officials here in Manila are living on a
scale of luxury «suspiciously dispropor
tionate to their salaries. Charges against
native Judges for failing to account for
the thousands of dollars received in fines
are under investigation.
At present the governmental alterna
tives rre the army on the one hand and
anarchy on the other. General Otis' plan
of municip.il government is being Inaugu
rated in the principal towns of central
Luzon and in parts of the Visayas; but the
Filipinos persist in thinking that the ques
tion whether the United States will retain
the Philippines is still open, and some
local leader? ask that municipal elections
be postponed until after the Presidential
election.
The future Elate of the church is a
leading question In the minds of many,
although most of those who have talked
with Judge Taft and his colleagues draw
the Inference that the Commissioners are
opposed to the reinstatement of friars.
Archbishop Chapvelle has taken a strong
stand in supporting the request of the
friars to be established in their old
position.
As a result of last week's scouting more
than 200 Filipinos were killed and 160 cap
tured, while 140 rifles, with ammunition
and etores. were seized.
The American loss was nine killed, in
cluding a captain and a lieutenant; two
captains and twenty-one privates wound
ed; and one captain taken prisoner by the
Filipinos.
WILL WATCH IN CHINA
FOR FILIBUSTERS
WASHINGTON. June 10.— It is the.un
derstanding of the War Department that
Major General MacArtnur has sent offi
cers of the array to various points in
China, under Instructions to learn of the
fitting out of filibustering expeditions. In
formation will at once be communicated
to the naval authorities, who will take
measures for the capture of the expedi
tions. In addition to looking out for expe
ditions it is expected that the officers ia
China win report upon the situation, bo
as to keep the authorities advised of the
feeling among the Chinese.
deep-toned bell, high among the rocks
above. Funston and his men quickly went
up the ladder. There in a shelf of the
rocks they found an insurgent camp,
whence a pmall gruard of Filipinos had
scuttled on their approach, leaving all
their personal effects. Hidden ill the for
est was a large building with a roof of
palm lt-aves. so ingeniously constructed
that a stranger might have passed within
a few feet without noticing it. There were
other approaches like the one Funston
discovered, each one accessible only by
ladder, with an alarm bell beside it. The
warehouse contained dynamite. Hotch
kiss shells, powder, furniture from the
public buildings at Malolos, Aguinaldo's
state carriage and the harness of the four
horses which drew it. and all the public
documents up to the date of the evacua
tion of Malojop. filling forty large packing
boxes. Buencamino, the Secretary of
State of the Filipino revolutionary gov
ernment, who is in Manila, says, how
ever, that none of the really important
»=»>cret papers were found, that among
them was correspondence with foreign
Governments and letters from prominent
anti-imperialists. Including Hon. W. J.
Bryan and Senator Hoar. All of these,
he says, were cent to Hongkong last Sep
tember for safe keeping in the hands of
the Junta. The purport of the letters
from anti-lmperiallPt?, according to ' his
recollection, was that the Filipinos should
adhere to their demands for independence,
and they would eventually be sustained
by the American voters.
DIFFICULTIES BESET THE
.PHILIPPINE COMMISSION
BILOXI, Miss., June 10.— Two negroe9
were lynched and their bodies burned
early this morning at Mississippi City. It
is not absolutely certain that either vic
tim was 'guilty. They were Henry Askew
and Ed Russ, held as suspects. Law
abiding people condemn the lynching.
District Attorney White had promised
that the prisoners would be ' brought to
trial on Monday, and yesterday at a mass
meeting the citizens promised to support
him. Sheriff Ramsay, in order to protect
Askew and Russ from mob violence,
moved them secretly to a bath-house.
After midnight the mob overpowered a
deputy sheriff on guard, dragged the
negroes away, tied them back to back and
swung them up to the same tree. Their
bodies were riddled with bullets, and after
death ensued ¦were set on tire. The nau
seating smell of burning flesh could be
detected for miles around.
The Sheriff reached the scene after the
execution and saw the members of the
mob, but made no attempt to arrest any
of them.
On June 2 a 13-year-old school-girl was
outraged and murdered about two miles
from Blloxi. Askew and Russ had been
In the vicinity and. were charged with the
crime.
Law- Abiding Citizens Condemn the
Proceedings in View of the Lack
of Evidence Against
• the Men.
LYNCHED BUT
MAY NOT HAVE
BEEN GUILTY
Two Negroes Suffer Punish
ment at the Hands of
a Mob.
BUTTE, Mont., June 10.— The Hon. Wn- '
liam A. Clark, who resigned his position
as United States Senator for Montana and
who was immediately appointed to the va
cancy by the acting Governor, reached
home this afternoon and was given a tre
mendous ovation. When the train pulled
into the Northern Pacific . depot several
thousand people were waiting, and as the
Senator stepped from the car he was
greeted with cheers. A band of music
had been eng?.?ed. When the Senator had
been almost carried to his carriage the
crowd formed in line and. headed by tne
band, led the procesion up town. It was
an Impromptu affair, but the enthusiasm
made up for the lack of organization. It
is estimated 4000 men of all classes—mer
chants, miners, workingrmen and profes
sional men — made the Ions march from
the depot to the Senator's home, while
many times that number lined the streets
along the route and added their cheers
to those of the marchers. Arriving at his
home, which had been handsomely dec
orated, the Senator managed to make his
way through the press of people to the
veranda, where he addressed tne crowd.
Among other things he said:
"I was elected by the representatives of
this State as their free choice 'for the po
sition of United States Senator. Ever
since that I have been harassed by the
most devilish persecution that man has
ever been subjected to. It was my in
tention to devote my time and labor to
thifi work. There came to Washington,
however, a gang of perjurers, who dissem
inated their vile falsehoods, and found a
committee that was willing- to listen to
them and spread their perjuries to the
world. I was not allowed in many cases
to Introduce evidence to refute these
charges.' . v.i'
Mr. Clark gave individual instances of
this. Continuing, he said:
"When this man Chandler had bulldozed
the committee Into reporting against me,
after consultation with my friends I with
drew from the Senate. At that time there
happened to be a man In Helena at the
head of the State ¦government -who 'was
fearless and had the courage to do what
was right. I did not know whom he
would appoint, but I knew it would be
some one who would be a credit to the
State, and not one of this gang of cut
throats. There is no question of the va
lidity of that appointment."
He said he had not tried to take hi*
seat under that appointment because he
understood some or the members of the
Committee on Privleges and Elections in
tended to adopt bulldozing tactics If the
matter were pressed at this time, and as
Congress was anxious to adjourn an
agreement was reached to let the matter
go over until the next session.
..*L\ n s P Ite *>f th ' s agreement." he added,
"this man Chandler arose in the Senate a
few days befor6 adjournment and asked
for an appropriation to enable his com
mittee to Investigate this appointment
Not a single member of the Senate would
champion the request"
In conclusion Mr. Clark said: "I want
to say to you that you have a battle
yet to fight. Do you understand the im
portance of this battle? (Cries of -we
do 'o ) ,W. n you sta nd up and fight with
Smvi? r f% of ' We r 1 "' and cfieers) £
but a matter that affects your homes ami
firesides. If you are going to makeTfKu
« m i 1 retIre to P rtv ate life, with me vw
will is supreme. (Cries of 'We are with
you' and prolonged cheers.) Uh
Several Thousand . People, With a
Brass Band, Meet Him at the
Train and Escort Him
From the Depot.,
His Homecoming Is Made
the Occasion of a Big
-Demonstration.
SENATOR CLARK
RECIPIENT OF A
GREAT OVATION
"WOODLAND, June 10. — Grand .Trustee
Miss Hattle Lee and Miss Lulu Shelton
and Mrs. Ed E. Leake, delegates from
Woodland Parlor No. 30, left this after
noon for Jackson to attend the Grand
Parlor, Native Daughters, ¦which convenes
in that place next Tuesday. It is current
rumor that the controlling influences of
the Grand Parlor have Miss Lee slated for
a grand office, but she is not an avowed
candidate. If she has any choice in the
matter she will be re-elected grand trus
tee, with a prospect of being president
of the board.
Woodland's Delegates.
Thursday the Grand Parlor will be in
session day and evening.
The Grand Parlor will adjourn on Fri
day and a moonlight ball In the evening,
under the auspices of Excelsior Parlor, Is
expected to be one of the greatest social
events of the convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JACKSON, June 10.— The first Install
ment of delegates to the Grand Par
lor of Native Daughters of the Gold
en W*<?st will arrive here to-morrow
and preparations for their reception
and entertainment have been completed.
Adequate accommodations have been se
cured and a committee will meet the in
coming trains at the* depot and take care
of the visitors.
The meeting hall is being elaborately
decorated and a variety of entertainments
have been planned. It is the aim of the
local parlor to make the delegates first
feel perfectly at home, to furnish a cheer
ful room wherein the actual business will
he transacted and provide a series of en
tertaining features to suit all tastes.
The Grand Pnrlor will be cnlled to order
on Tuesday morning, but as the major
portion of the delegates will arrive to
morrow a band concert In the evening will
practically be the first of the entertaining
features.
Tuesday morning the session will be
called to order. Judge R. C Rust, grand
president of the Native Sons, will wel
come the delegates and Miss Cora B.
Sifford, grand president of the Native
Daughters, will respond. The balance of
the day's programme includes a solo by
.Miss Lola Parker: duet, Mrs. R. C. Rust
and Miss Daisy Littlefleld; selection by
the band: address. "California," by Miss
Eliza D. Keith: solo, by Miss Daisy Lit
tlefield; duet, Mrs. D. C. Chambers and
Miss Thirza Faull; presentation, by Miss
Daisy Littlofield; solo. Mrs. Bosworth
Aiken. A banquet will be held in the
evening.
On Wednesday the session of the Grand
Parlor will adiourn at 3 p. m. for a visit
to the Zeile mine, in the evening there
will be a drill and band concert at School
House Equare, followed by dancing.-
Interesting Figures in the
Annual Financial
Statement
Papsrs Capttxred by General Funston
Giving rull Details of Agni-
naido's Plan for the TJp
:ising in Blanila.
Correrjjoni5cr.ee of Associated I'res«.
MANILA. May 15.— The Filipinos are
addicted to the habii of documentation
and the preservation of their records, no
matter how unimportant. Down in Aibay
Province our troops recently found ihe
yearly financial statement of the rebel
government. " While it is probable its
ilgurcs are untrue, it is interesting a> an
example jf how the rebels do business
and maintain their prestige among their
people. . . .
The average Filipino is credulous to a
rc.niaxka.ble decree- He believes that
Aeuiaa2do'« body sheds btillets like a roof
does hall and that he -kills bis enemies
by spilling nre at them.
In their balance slutt for 1859-1900 the
insurgent Minister cf Finance suites that
during the years 1SV6-97 the expenses of
the Spanish government in administering
affairs amounted to $17,474,O2'J (Mexican),
but. thanks to the capacity of the revolu
tionary leaders, the total exix?nditures of
th« insurgent government for last year
only amounted to $6.:»42.4j7. All this econ
omy was effected while the Manila custom
house, a. most lucrative source of in
come, was in the hands of. the Americans.
It was promised that as soon as the rebels
gained possession of Manila, which would
be in a few weeks, they could manifestly
reduce the rate of taxation. In the mean
time money was needed, and it was in
cumbent on all good patriots to pay all
the tax-collectors, ask of them. With a
lew words describing Aguinaldo's glory
and invulnerability, and the good times
cominer to everybody when the Americans
were linaJiy driven from the islands, the
Minister ot Finance accounts for his in
come as follows:
Income isll in Mexican currency) —
Ordinary indirect taxes $432.050 00'
Ordinary direct tax*» 1.OW.757 00
Special taxes kC.600 OU
txtraordinary contribution* 4,lM>.uoO iw
Total SG.S42.4UT 00
The it^m of "extraordinary contribu
tior.s" covers the multitude of stealings
and forced payments not included in tne
other sources of income.
The expenditures arc accounted for as !
follow*:
General obltpitior.s $:81.5$3 00 j
ForciBU obligation* fc»,M9 M
T>epartnierit of the Interior 2u3.&ol) 00
War nnd Navy 4.VS7.654 S3
Lew an<l Order 354.3*0 00 I
JMhlic I r.r '.ruction 3j,<6k l>9 !
I'ublic Works 3M.3C6 M j
Agriculture, indunry and commerce. 21,668 00 ,
Tctal , J6.344.7TJ 2S j
The statement shows a deficit of some j
$2**i. j
The insurgent government undoubtedly
handled considerable money last year, but '
whether they collected $6.009.<*«J Mexican j
is not known to outsiders. Their expenses ,
have been specially heavy in the matter |
of nrnip. Filibusters and others have made :
them pay t-xorbilam jirices for everything, j
Two of their generals. Pena and Lut
ban, are s=aid to have large accounts in the
Konckong banks.
. According to the foregoing annual re- j
port the yearly pay of a lieutenant gen
eral Is *7..''. a general commanding a dl-.
vision gets S6>j, a brigadier general gets
J540. a. colonel $4^3, a lieutenant colonel
?42<\ a niainr $350. a captain J3C»J. a first
lieutenant *CW. a second lieutenant $180, a
sergeant 572, a corporal $*5J, a private U2.
The report further makes provision .for
12.VI0 Foidiers;. 6W0 of. whom are sergeants
and IS'xj corporals. The co?t of feeding
them for one year is put down at JSH.SOd,
Mexican currency
Assassination Planned.
The KTeat store of Insurgent documents
discovered by General Kuninton, together,
with some interesting papers which Cap
tain Smith found In the pos.:<ession of Gen
oral Pantaleon Garcia, throw int;ies-iing
Fide lights upon the Kilijjlno government.
Mo»*t iini»ortant of the lot is Agruinaldo's :
plan for the uprising in Manila, which
was drawn by him at Malolos in his own ;
hajid writing, in the Tagalog language,
and bears date January ». 1SS;*. Pinned to '
the document was a. translation Into-Span
ish, done in the hand of Buencamino.
Agulnaldo'p order was addressed to his
'•valiant Sandatlhani*," or bolomen. When
the word for the uprising was given they
were to slay all American soldiers in Ma
nila, The inhabitants were to repair to
the hou5e top*, whence they were to hurl
down upon the soldiers heavy furniture
and any iron implements they might
have, heated redhol. They were a!?o to
have ready in their hous#s hot water
which was to be thrown upon passing sol- !
dier*. or squirted at them from bamboo
f-Trinpet*. The women and children were
exhorted to help in preparing the water
and boiling oil, which they were to paKs
out to the men for use. Afterward the
bnlotnen were to run through the streets*,
slashing Americans wherever they met
them, They wore instructed not to stop
to pick up the guns of soldiers they killed;
those could be collected afterward. The
bolomen were warned to restrain them- i
selves from the temptation of looting, be
cause, as Aguinaldo explained, he was
particularly desirous to make good in the
eyes of foreign nations his* assertions that
the Filipinos wore a disciplined and civil- j
•zed people. Particular injunctions were
jrivrn for protecting the bank?, even the
Spanish bank.
.Other interesting papers related to tho !
purchase and importation of arm?. One i
letter concerning a consignment of j
Mausers stated that the German Govern
ment would not allow them to be shipped
from the country without a payment of
$10 on each gun. Filibustering must have
been a costly enterprise to the revolu
tionary government It appears that- one
cargo consisting of &w ritien and 503,000
reund? of ammunition con $1*7.000 Mexi
can money l>efore it reached the insur
gents.
Among the items Included in the bill
of the gentlemen who engineered the deal
was one of $4OW for hotel bills in Hong
kong and throe other expenditures of sev
eral thousand explained as "squeeze,"
which Is Interpreted a» l<rib*>f> to officials
to keep their eyes closed. The filibuster i
was a man whose name has frequently
ligtire<i in the papers in .connection with
this business, while other letters indicate
that an American Consul at a Chinese
port sold s*»v«Tal shipments of arms to |
Aguinaldo. In a letter from Howard Bray, i
nn Englishman belonging to the Hong
kong Junta, Aguinaldo is warned that
Kpencer Prutt. the American Consul at
Singapore, is "a d — d traitor." Aguinaldo's ,
letter book contain? copies of letters to i
s:ll sorts of people. One to the Emperor
of Japan accompanied a gift of a sword, I
which was «ent as a token of apprecia
tion of the ••kindness" shown by the Jap- '
anese Government to the Filipinos, the i
nature of the klndnesj being unexplained.
Prominent Men Implicated.
.These documents the authorities are
rending to th«- War Department and they
nre reticent ubout the contents. The pub- '
Uralion in the Manila papers that letters
wore found implicating prominent business '
lirtns in the city is said by the gossips at
the English Hub to have brought great
uneasiness to sundry guilty consciences I
There has long been a suspicion here that
tot insurgents would not have been able
to maintain communication with and col
lect taxes from the outlying islands with
out the connivance of some of the big
shipping or commercial houses. Records
of contributions by Manila firms to the
insurrection appear, but these are not
surprising, because foreigners in Manila
considered It cccessary to make such con
tributions by way of insurance upon their
properties in the provinces.
The storage of these documents gives
a good illustration of Filipino Ingenuity.
General Kunslon with eighteen troopers
was making a reconnoissancesome twenty
miles from Cabanatuan. along the Klo
Grar.de de Pampagrna, hoping to get on
the track of Pantaleon Garcia or Pio del
Pilar. The rich valley of the Rio Grande
is shut in by stoop cliffs, covered with
der.se ehrubbcry. Funston discovered a
bamboo ladder hidden in the foliage
against a steep rock. Reside the ladder
bunc a rojje, which, being pulled, ran g a
EXPENSES OF
THE FILIPINO
GOVERNMENT
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1900,
Woodland's Delegates to the Grand Parlor of Native Daughters.
2
1S93-1900. .
1900-1901.
tl2.S10.897 00
• 100,000 CO
20,000 00
300,000 00
Pay of Navy J13.5OO.171 00
fay. miscellaneous.. WW.000 00
:ontin*ent 10,000 00
Emergency fund None.
Bureau of Naviga-
tion 503.123 00
N'aval Academy 1S5.153 43
Bureau of Ordnance. 3,143,124 00
Bureau of Equip-
ment 2,765,455 10
Bureau of Yards and
Docks* ,.¦•¦ 453.442 23
Public Works 6,570,786 60
Bureau of Medicine. 192.500 00
Bureau of Supplies.. 3,220,432 03
Bureau of Construc-
tion 3,273.407 00
Bureau of Steam En-
gineering 1.959.200 00
Marine Corps 2,523.871 27
Increase of Navy.... 10.W2.402 00
571.125 0>»
199, CSS 45
2.3S8.124 00
3.414.0D2 52
COS, 439 83
8.4RX.367 52
220,000 00
2,731,232 03
6.235.824 25
2,774,000 00
2.712,870 27
17.990.69J 00
..
Grand total »49,205,0C3 43
vjcpfs over last yrar|
$r.\. 945.416 67
12.740,347 19
APPROPRIATIONS FOR- ' <
Amount.
k'ards and docks— tools............ ...'...
k'ards and docks — sewers and roads..;
Cards and docks— water system ....
I'arrts and docks— enlarging freight
«hed ................... .:.::. ...;..
Cards and docks— medical dispensary..
Vards and docks— light and power sta-
tion ...: ..y:. i
fards and docks— shelter : roof for C.
and R. 1
rards and docks— joiner shop.... ......
I'aras and docks— anchor shed.. ,
$10.00i)
23.000
107.000
6.000
7.600
30,000
:¦¦ 2.2oe
50.000
Yards and docks— quay wall, to con-
tinue 30,nno
Yards and docks— chapel 5.000
Yards and docks — crane scow.. 12,000
Yards and docko — dredKlns.. .. 100,00
Yards and docks— foundry for C. and
K 4,500
Yards and docks— pattern shop for C.
and R 6,000
Yards and docks — coal storage 50,000
Yards and docks — extension In electric
system 12,000
Yard* and docks — enlarging «Kiulp-
ment. offices 5,000
Yards and docks— workshop and boiler
house for equipment 19,001
XavaJ Hospital, boiler house, etc.;...: 10,000
O. and R.— Improvement of plant...... 23.000
fitcan* engineering tools ..„..,. 50,000
Naval' prison, enlargement of 13,000
New dock, continuation of work on. k . 225,000
Total ". ;l'.. ......... $S03.200
1S93-1900. .
1900-1901.
tl2.S10.897 00
• 100,000 CO
20,000 00
300,000 00
Pay of Navy J13.5OO.171 00
fay. miscellaneous.. WW.000 00
:ontin*ent 10,000 00
Emergency fund None.
Bureau of Naviga-
tion 503.123 00
N'aval Academy 1S5.153 43
Bureau of Ordnance. 3,143,124 00
Bureau of Equip-
ment 2,765,455 10
Bureau of Yards and
Docks* ,.¦•¦ 453.442 23
Public Works 6,570,786 60
Bureau of Medicine. 192.500 00
Bureau of Supplies.. 3,220,432 03
Bureau of Construc-
tion 3,273.407 00
Bureau of Steam En-
gineering 1.959.200 00
Marine Corps 2,523.871 27
Increase of Navy.... 10.W2.402 00
571.125 0>»
199, CSS 45
2.3S8.124 00
3.414.0D2 52
COS, 439 83
8.4RX.367 52
220,000 00
2,731,232 03
6.235.824 25
2,774,000 00
2.712,870 27
17.990.69J 00
..
Grand total »49,205,0C3 43
vjcpfs over last yrar|
$r.\. 945.416 67
12.740,347 19
APPROPRIATIONS FOR- ' <
Amount.
k'ards and docks— tools............ ...'...
k'ards and docks — sewers and roads..;
Cards and docks— water system ....
I'arrts and docks— enlarging freight
«hed ................... .:.::. ...;..
Cards and docks— medical dispensary..
Vards and docks— light and power sta-
tion ...: ..y:. i
fards and docks— shelter : roof for C.
and R. 1
rards and docks— joiner shop.... ......
I'aras and docks— anchor shed.. ,
$10.00i)
23.000
107.000
6.000
7.600
30,000
:¦¦ 2.2oe
50.000
Yards and docks— quay wall, to con-
tinue 30,nno
Yards and docks— chapel 5.000
Yards and docks — crane scow.. 12,000
Yards and docko — dredKlns.. .. 100,00
Yards and docks— foundry for C. and
K 4,500
Yards and docks— pattern shop for C.
and R 6,000
Yards and docks — coal storage 50,000
Yards and docks — extension In electric
system 12,000
Yard* and docks — enlarging «Kiulp-
ment. offices 5,000
Yards and docks— workshop and boiler
house for equipment 19,001
XavaJ Hospital, boiler house, etc.;...: 10,000
O. and R.— Improvement of plant...... 23.000
fitcan* engineering tools ..„..,. 50,000
Naval' prison, enlargement of 13,000
New dock, continuation of work on. k . 225,000
Total ". ;l'.. ......... $S03.200
AJVEBTISEMENT3.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
222-224 SUTTER STREET
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
"RIENZI" is the name of the
highest grade Beer in the United
States and the most popular in the
East to-day. We arc the California
Sole Agents. Brewed by the
Rochester Brewing Company. First
carload just in. Note special prices
for this ENTIRE WEEK:
Qts. Re-. $2.45 cToz. ; Introductory
Price $2.15.
Fts. Reg. $1,60 doz.; latrofoctory
Price $!.35.
MONDAY— TUESDAY- -WEDNES3AY
KonaCoffea —lb 20c
From Sandwich Islands. Roasted, and
ground daily. Regular Ce.
Salad Dress ng. "Homa Mada." bot 25c
Mrs. He*rman'a. Regular 30c.
Tomsco Sao bot 35c
Regular 40c.
Stoffel Dates box 25c .
Delicious. Stuffed with TValnuts. Al-
monds and Pecans. Regular J3c.
Scap, "Ox Gall," German cake 25c
Takes spots or crease out ef the
most delicate fabrics without injury.
Hamamelis qt bot 40c. pt 25c
Half Pint 15c
For mosquito tltes and polsoa oak.
Telescope Baskets
9x15 10x18 11x17 12x13 14x20
Reff...25c lie 4nC- . 65c «jc
Now.. 20c 25c 35c 45o 55c
Other sizes In proportion.
Shawl Straps 20c
6% feet Ions. Reg. 25c
Fruit Syrnps qt bot 40c
{ All flavors. R«cnlar We.
Soap, "New Era," Borax, 4 cakes 25c
For the toilet or for washing flan-
nels. Regular Z for 23c.
Pim-O!as, picnic bottles bot 10c
-OMves BtntTed with red pepper*. A
Olive olDlucca'' bot 50c
Our own Importation. Regular 53c.
Royans a la Yatel tin 121c
French Sardines In flll. with truffles
and pickle. Regular 20c.
Salt Boxes 25c
Porcelain, with delft decoration.
Regularly see.
Glothss Line 35c
"Waterproof. The b«st line ever of-
fered, 100 feet. Regularly 50c.
Claret, "La Faiorita"
doz qts $2.90, doz pts $1.95
The old reliable. Regularly $3 75
and $: 40.
Gin Holland bot $1.00
Extra quality in large square bot-
tles. Regularly Jl 25.
»>?-/•
Just Arrived—
ZWIEBACK, '-nrn G?rminy.
OPERA WAFERS, trom England.
DINNER BISCUITS, from England.
HAMMOCKS, direct from the fac-
tory, large variety.
We Ship FREE wiS 100 il2S..V.
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED ASP FTLLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN by our lats
scientific method applied to tho gums. Mo
Bleep-produclnfr agents ot rocatne.
These are the only dental parlore In R*n
Francisco having PATENTKD APPLIANCES
and ingredients to extract, nil and apply KOld
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth J5, a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. J3. Gold fillings. $1. Silver flll-
lne*. SOc. All work done by GRADUATE
DENTISTS of from 13 to 20 years' experience.
and each department In charge of a specialist.
Give us a call, and you will nnd us to fio ex-
actly as we advertise. We will tell you in ad-
vance exactly what your work will cort by ft
FREE EXAMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors, .
723 Karket Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
HOURS. 3 to 8: SUNDAYS. 19 to 4.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WOnLD-RENOWSED
-MaKnetic Elastic Truss" Iw r* lerc J» *{» v « »2
the public the most remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the »»l?*** txi1 . treatment of
Hernia, or Rupture. Thousands of **«**"•
hav<» been permanently relieved and radically
CURED by this Kreat appliance and thousands
of others are now on the rca.l to complete re-
covery. TnU Truss is different from all other*.
"tS^^S? "BOOKLET Na P by call-
Intr at the office, or It will be sent on receipt
of a 2-cent stamp. It tells all about this Truss.
'MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
C2O Market Street (Opposite Palace .Hotel),
San Franciaco.
Eastern Offlce — N>w York City.
f™DR.PIERCE'S V
GOLDEN
r; MEDICAt:
DISCOVER?
FOR THE
1 BLOOD.LIVER.UJMGS:
JWBflr CUHEs^Ka O!»«t. 3p«rm»torrha-*,
j«3*Tln 1 tal4»7«- %l Whitoj, unnatural .11*
-COffch OotmiwI W charge*, or tor !n3amras»
fl*ij taiwiidoiin. t In n. i irritation or uken-
fT^^nimii »«mt»on. tioo c*. m aeons meat*
KS^rHtEvm Cmmm Ca •>*»«»«•. Noo-«.trin«as.
J^fr-V xs " a 3S-3 or •"* *° P 1 * 1 ** wrap por,
tS^irtp-.^ express, prepaid, fL*
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA MIA MA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remsdy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. L>e;ot. S23 MarkaUnpHE- steamship Sierra,. built , for the Oceanic Steamship Company, was suc-
I cessfully launched at Cramps' shipyard last week. She was named by Miss
• I Cassie L. Hay ward, daughter of Captain Henry. M. • Hay ward of the Oceanic
line, who, will- command her. Officials of the steamship line and of Cramps
witnessed v the, launching, which was followed by a luncheon.
The Sierra is the first to be launched of three steamships ordered by the
Oceanic Steamship Company. They are to ply between ; San Francisco, Hawaii
and Australia. v Except the St. Louis and St. Paul, the Sierra is the largest passen
ger steamship ever built at Cramps' yards. The sister ships will be as large. iThe
principal dimensions of the Sierra are: Length between perpendiculars, 400 feet;
extreme, breadth, 60 feet; depth, 43.6 feet: displacement, 7000 tons; speed, 17 knots.
.The contract for the steamers was signed. March 6, 1899. It Is expected that
* the Sierra will -be completed in -time for delivery In San Francisco before Sep
tember L .. -,".¦.-• ¦ - ' • ¦ ¦ • ' '¦ ' ' • ' - ¦
The Sierra, the • First of ' the Three .New Vessels ¦ of • the Oceanic
Company.
BIG STEAMSHIP LAUNCHED AT CRAMPS'.
Fraternal Society. Elections.
Golden Gate Council of the Order of
Chosen Friends has elected the follow
ing named for the ensuing term: F. H.
Jackson, C; Miss A. B. Shea, V. C: Mrs.
A. Boehm, I.; Max Boehxn, R. S.; Mrs.
C. Cator. T.; Mrs. Georgle Barton, M.;
Mrs. B. Shea, W.; Mrs. C. Cantrell. P.;
Mrs. B. Rldell, G.;'Mrs. M. Downing, S.
Keystone Lodge, Knights of Honor, has
elected the following officers for the next
term: E. T. Mlnnehan, D.; John Foley,
V D.: T. F. Martin, A. D.; Fred RaUh.
R.: Numar Rose. F. R.: F. A. Jennings,
T • E. F. Joy, Ch.; George W. Maguire,
G • A. Olsen, Gur'd; E. Weilbye, S.: E.
F. Joy. John Foley and J. M. Cohn. trus-
Court Golden Era, Foresters of Amer
ica has chosen the following named to
serve as its officers for the ensuing term:
Charles Ash. C. R~: H. C. Angelis. S. C.
R • I Schwartz, R. S. : C. J. Harder, S.
\\ ;I - S. E. Beamish, J W.; L. M. Rey, S.
B • Z. Wolff. J B.; H. Londoner, organ
l«V and L. M. Rey captain of the guard.
'Preclta Parlor. N. S. G. W.. has elect
ed the following officers for the ensuing
term" G. A. Neumiller. P. P.: J. S. Calls,
P • E D. Sullivan, W. C. Miller and L. H.
PMeyer. V.Fs; C. T. Smith,' M.: J. M.
Hickey. R. S. ; D. J. Wren. F. S. : A.
Wehrmannr T. The election was followed
by an excellent supper for the members.
J. R. Hay was arrested .early, this morn
ing on Kearny stret by J. J. Callundan
and J. R. Cleary of the Morse Detective
Agency and locked, up at the California
street .station. A charge ¦ of ¦• obtaining
money under false pretenses was entered
against him. i, . -1%-i v
Early Morning Arrest.
Brigadier. General William M. Graham,
retired, was among the passengers from
the transport Grant who landed yester
day. He went "to Manila a- few- weeks ago
to look after his son. Lieutenant Graham
who was very ill in the hospital there'
The lieutenant is now much improved in
health. - '..<.-..:
General Graham Home Agtiin.
MOOSEMIX. Assinaboia. Canada. June
10. — A Sheriff's Dosse which returned here
to-night from Welwin. a village twelve
miles north, brings details of the slaugh
tering of Postmaster Alexander McArthur
and four other members of his family the
fatal wounding of another, also the se
rious wounding of two others, by John
Morrison, McArthur"s hired man, yester
day. There appears to be an utter ab
sence of motive for the. action of Morri
son, who was considered a quiet, well be
haved fellow.-
He is 27 years old. The only logical the
ory Is temporary insanity.
Who Was Probably Insane.
Murderous Career of a Canadian
KILLED FIVE PERSONS.
NEW YORK. June tL— A special to the
Times from Washington, says: In making
their calculations , on carrying the House
of Representatives next fall most of the"
Republican arithmeticians concede the
probable loss of Mr. Boutelle's district in
Maine. Mr. Boutelle has been renoml
nated and will doubtless be re-elected, but
his physical condition is such as to make
It very improbable that he will be able
to attend the first session of the Firty
seventh Coneress.
One of the most significant Indications
of the general belief that Mr. Boutelle
will be unable to resume' his duties for a
long time to come is the announcement
just made that Representative Foss of
Illinois will not take a vacation. He in
tends to put in the summer up to the
beginning of the active part of -the fall
campaign in studying matters pertaining
to the navy. He will visit the different
naval stations and otherwise study to
make himself thoroughly expert in all na
val matters. - >.->:
BOUTELLE MAY NOT
ATTEND NEXT CONGRESS
John and Mary Kaupnitz (owners) with
Charles J. Antwiler (contractor), architect Da
vid C. Coleman— All work for a two-story and
basement • frame building (flats), on NE corner
of Pennsylvania avenue and Eighteenth (So
lano) street*. N 23 by E 73; J3S70.
Marcus Frankltn (owner) with James Roun
tree (contractor), architect Philip Schwerdt—
All work for a two-story attic and basement
frame building, on S line of Golden Gate ave
nue, 201:3 W of Van Nes« avenue. W 47 by S
120;' $0000. -^ ;. '¦" r
Olympic Club (corporation, owner) with Wil
liam F. Wilson (contractor), architects Shea &
Shea— Plumbinir. heating and sewering pipe,
marble work and plumbing fixtures for altera
tions and additions to Olymric Club building,
on N tine of Post street, 137:6 W of Mason, W
W* by N 137:6: $10.44$.
Same owner with Lowry & Daly (contractor*),
architects same— Tiling of floor and walls
around baths, showers and lavatories for same
0I Same e ow*ner with Bernard Dreyer (contrac
tor)..architects same— Carpenter and mill work,
glass, tinning, stairs, hardware, etc.. for same
OI George*P.' AUen (owner) with T. J. Healv'i
Son (contractors), architect August NonJln —
PlumblnK. gas fitting, draining, sewering- and
tiling for sinks for a three-story frame bulldin?
(flats and stores), on N"E comer of Fulton and
PevUadero streets. N 62:3*i. E S7:6, S 62:4H. —
8" ' 6 * S2270.
Maximilian Neumann, O. F. M.. rector of
St Boniface Church (owner) . with WilMarn F
"Wilson (contractor) 1 architect Brother Adrian
supervision of Martens & Coffer— Draining,
plumbing and gas fitting for St. Boniface
Church, In connection with parsonage in course
of erection, on S line of Golden Gate avenue,
137:6 W of Jones street, S 137:6 by . W 191:6:
game owner with San Francisco Cornice Com
pany (contractors), architect same— Galvanized
iron and tin work for same on same; »2©0.
Builders' Contracts.
Wound on Louis Peterson's Head
fchat Lent Mystery to
His Death.
Early yesterday morning Louis Peterson,
a longshoreman who resides at 19A Gil
bert street, died from a fractured skull
in Jestin Tarrevellier's saloon, 368 Third
street. He was carried Into the place
from the sidewalk, where he was found
lying with a wound under one eyebrow
and another behind his ear. \
The police were notified, and they
learned that Peterson had been very
drunk and had visited the saloon in com
pany with several other men. The sus
picion that he had met with foul play
caused the officers to take into- custody
four of his companions — J. P. Drynan.
730'yfc Harrison street; Henry Cleary. 1303
Sanchez; Richard Obertson, 108 Berry, and
George J. Lowe, bartender at Tarrevel
lier's place.
These men explained that the deceased
had gone outside and fallen down. There
was a box containing a palm tree where
he fell and the men said that Peterson's
head must have struck on this.
Detective Dinan, who was detailed on
the case, became convinced of the truth
of the story told, and yesterday after
noon Captain Seymour ordered the release
of the prisoners. The only element of
mystery about the case is the wound on
the side of the head. It is thought this
may have been Inflicted by the curb. An
autopsy to-day will set at rest the doubt
on this point. :
POLICE THOUGHT MURDER
HAD BEEN COMMITTED
The Windsor Park Is consigned to J. J
Moore & Co. She left Newcastle with 2000
tons of coal aboard and comes Into port
with 1200 tons. She does not fhow any
signs of the experience she has gone
through, except that she is high out of
the water for a coal-laden ship.
"For eight days and eight nights we
worked among that coal. As soon as one
shift would finish its spell the men would
be out of the hold in an instant and would
rush forward to get a breath of cool air.
Down in the hold It was like a furnace,
while on deck the thermometer stood 93
degrees in the shade. The donkey engine
kept up Its monotonous clank, clank, all
through the twenty-four hours, playing
a sort of diabolical accompaniment to the
rattle of the shovels used without inter
mission in the hold below. Basketful
after basketful of the black diamonds
went over the side, until we had Jetti
soned SOO tons, and then Captain Lambie
gave u* the signal to stop. All danger
was past, so the boats were swung !n
again and everything made snug, after
which we took turn about to get a little
sleep. I don't want any more heated coal
in mine. That one experience will last
m«> n. lifetime." <"
my life." said Chief Officer William A.
Adams yesterday. "For eight days . we
worked as men never worked before,
knowing that if we failed a lingering
death in open boats was before us. As
soon as the heating- of the coal was dis
covered Captain Lamble ordered the boats
provisioned and swung out. Then all
hands set to work to save the ship and
ourselves at the same time. We were in
latitude 19 degrees south, longitude 163
decrees west, when the danger was first
discovered, and had reached latitude 11
degrees south, longitude 159 degrees west
when we b^gan throwing the coal over
board. All hands except the captain took
turns at shoveling- the coal into the bask
ets, and the 'old man* was not idle, as it
kept him busy supplying the boiler of the
donkey engine with water.
THE captain and crew of the British
ship Windsor Park will not soon
forget the voyage just completed
from Australia. After weathering
a cyclone, during which the vessel was
In hard straits, all hands were called
upon to fight death face to face for right
cays. At times the case looked depur
ate, but in the end the men won, and
the Windsor Park made port minus S00
toes cf her cargo.
The Windsor Park Is an old East India
clipper and in her time was one of the
finest vessels of her class afloat. This is
her first visit to San Francisco as a col-
!!er, and Captain George Lambie says he
never wants to see another cargo of black
diamonds under her hatches again as long
as he commands the stout old ship.
The Windsor Park left Newcastle. N.
S. \\\. on February 26. for San Francisco.
with a cargo of 2S>X< tons of coal. Fine
weather v.as experienced for a month und
good progress was made. On March 27 it
began to blow and the gale gradually in
creased until everything had to be
snugged down. The mizzen topsail and
crossjack were blown out of the bolt
ropes.
On March 28 the wind was blowing with
cyclonic force and there was a heavy,
confused sea that constantiv broke
aboard, flooding the decks and making
the ship labor heavily. Two ports on the
port side were washed away and every
thing 1 movable on deck went overboard,
while the fore and main topsails were
blown away. Then came the experience
that made every man aboard think his
last hour had come.
"Early on the morning of March 23
the storm moderated." says Captain Lam
bie, "and as eoon as possible I got the
hatches off and took the temperature of
the coal. I found It was M degrees and
Increasing. I did everything possible to
ventilate the cargo and reduce the tem
perature, but failed. On April 9 the tem
perature in the after hatch had Increased
to 116 degrees and that in the main hatch'
was 1CS degrees. The coal was so hot that
the men could barely touch It. Expecting
every moment to see the coal break out
Into a large blaze I set the men to
work Jettisoning th"e stuff. Only three
mer. could work at a time, and they only
for a spell of ten minutes. For eight
days and nights we toiled, and during
that time threw overboard SO) tons of coal.
The temperature In the hold was then
down to the normal, so I gave all hands
a well-earned rest. From that time on
our voyage to San Francisco was un
eventful."
"It was the closest call I ever had In
Hoisting Smoldering Coal Out of the Ship's Hold.
This tearful story proved to be false
when the letter expressing the prisoner's
intentions was found in his pocket. In
stead of having been on the defensive,
he proves to have b«en the aggressor and
to have tracked the m<nT now dying on
a cot In the hospital, since he wrote thd
lines. Miss Zipfel stated last night that
nhe did not even know Petrovich and re
members of no time when she ¦was in
sulted. The trouble either started, ov»r
the restaurant debt or over a misdirected
blow while the two men were jesting.
Letter Proved Story False.
Opusich says he and the younir woman
came here from Dalmatla about five years
ago. Their friendship ripened into love,
and Miss Zipfel promised to become his
wife. Then, he says. "Napoleon" appeared
on the scene, and. becoming infatuated
with his sweetheart, threatened him; that
he fired only to save himself. The in
jured man had no weapons of any sort on
his person.
Opusich wept bitterly at the conclusion
of his version of the trouble, and as he
seemed to be on the verge of collapsing
he was placed in a cell and a watch
placed ovpr him. In one of his pockets
was found a photograph of the woman
over whom the shooting occurred.
placed me under arrest. I am sorry that
It happened, but I was rorced to shoot
him. a3 I considered that my life waa in
danger."
AFTER harboring murder in his
heart for nearly two weeks becausa
he had received a wound that
would scar him for life \ »«^o upa
sich, a youthful Slavonian fruit packer,
wrought his revenge by firing two bullets
Into the brain of John Petrovich, a waiter,
known as "Napoleon," at the corner of
Pacific and Stockton streets last evening.
Betrovich died at 3 o'clock this morning
at the Harbor Hospital.
The crime, as revealed by a not the
murderer wrote some time ago. was
of a most desperate and premeditated
character. It was committed under the
eyes of three policemen and so determined
did Opusich seem to slay his man that
he followed him across the street after
wounding him fatally, firing four shots
as he went.
At the point where the shooting oc
curred Opusich had lain in wait for his
victim and the first shot was fired from
behind, the bullet entering the back of
Petrovich's head. The fifth shot in the
revolver was probably, reserved for lUs
own brain, but Officer A. M. Cayot was
too quick for him and wrested the weapon
from him before he had another chance
to use It.
From what can be learned eff the affair
the trouble started some time ago. Opu
sich says it was because of an Insult to
u woman. Ah*?- .vm-i'.i 'Ziplet. wno re
sides at 1409 Mason street, but this is dis
puted by the lady herself. The employer
of Petrovich claims that the shooter oweu
him money and this precipitated hostili
ties and Petrovich himself stated that the
whole difficulty arose out of a blow de
livered in a spirit of fun.
Two weeks ago Opusich was wounded In
the head by Petrovich. The latter struck
him with a heavy pitcher, cutting a gash
across his forehead that required six
stitches to close. This occurred on May
30 and the following day the Injured man.
angered at the thought that he shouM
have to carry a scar to his grave, wrtrte
this letter, which was found in his room
last night:
SAN FRANCISCO, May 31.
I am coing to commit suicide to-morrow
morning, and if I get a chance to kill Napo
leon 1*1! do it. If not I will kill myself any
way, because I am cut. forever on my forehead
and I cannot stand it. It seems to me some
thing shameful and that is the thing I die for.
Good-by, all friends; good-by forever.
VIDO OPUSICH.
On Petrovich-s Trail.
But Opusich did not kill himself on the
following day. Tic evidently reconsidered
his decision and resolved to first slay the
man who scarred him. Since that time
he has dogged his would-be victim from
place to place, waiting for the opportunity
to commit the crime. Yesterday after
noon he visited several places and in
quired for Petrovich, and- finally located
him in the Dalmatian Saloon, at the corner
pf Stockton and Pacific streets, partially
intoxicated.
The man bent on murder simply put nls
head inside the door and, jumping bacK
to the sidewalk, waited for Petrovich to
come out. In his hand he grasped a 38
callber Smith & Wesson revolver that he
had purchased -at a Kearny-street store
for his fell purpose. In a few minutes the
waiter appeared and scarecly had he
stepped on the sidewalk • when the first
shot rang out.
Petrovich wounded, started to run
across the street, but the man with mur
der In his heart followed close, firing two
shots as he reached the middle of the
streetand one on the opposite corner, the
last bringing his victim to the ground.
Then the police grabbed Opusich and dis
armed him.
Officers A. M. Cayot. James Connolly
and Sergeant "Scotty" Campbell, were all
standing but a few yards away when the
shooting commenced. The two patrolmen
were on blockade duty on Pacific street
and Sergeant Campbell was standing on
Stockton street. Cayot was the first to
reach the man and grab the pistol. All
the officers in rushing upon the excited
assassin were directly in the line. of fire
and it is a miracle that some of them
were not struck by the two bullets that
missed Petrovich.
The wounded man had been struck
twice, both bullets passing through the
back part of his hat and entering his
head. One drove in at the base of the
brain and lodged. in his throat, and the
other penetrated the brain. He was hur
ried to the Harbor Receiving Hospital In
an unconscious condition and was treated
by. Dr. Robinson. He cannot survive. The
injured man was employed as a waiter, in
a restaurant at the corner of Sacramento
and Leidesdorff streets and was 45 years
of age.
Opusich. who is only 20 years old, pre
sented a sorry spectacle as he was being
led -from the patrol wagon to the City
Prison. With tears streaming down his
face he stood before the desk sergeant
and tremblingly - answered the questions
put to him.
"I was forced to shoot him, he pitifully
remarked; "he was determined to kill
me and I had to defend myself. About
five months ago Miss ¦ Zipfel and my
self were walking along Broadway
whea we -were assailed by- a ¦ .torrent oX
SAN FRANCISCO, May 31.
SAM going to commit sui
cide to-morrow morning,
and if I get a chance to
kill Napoleon I'll do it; if not
I will kill myself anyway, be
cause I am cut forever on my
forehead and I cannot stand
it. It seems to me something
shameful and that is the thing
I die for. Good-by, all friends,
good-by forever.
VIDO OPUSICH.
abuse that flowed from the Hps of the
man whom I shot. Knowing the desper
ate character of the man I paid little at
tention to his Insulting remarks, as I was
afraid that he would shoot me if I at
tempted to call him to account. It was
only a short time afterward that he agnin
abused me and threatened to kill me If I
continued making love to Mi?s Zipfel. I
told him that I was not afraid of him.
when he suddenly struck me across the
forehead with a brass measure. Inflicting
a serious wound.
"Had it not b^en for a friend who went
to my rescue after he had struck me,
I am convinced that he would have sent
me to the Morctie. Since then I learned
that he was making threats against me,
evf>n declaring that he wculd rot only
make me a subject for the Coroner, but
would also riddle Miss Zipfel with bullets.
"Yesterday afternoon I went into a sa
loon at Pacific and Stockton streets and
there met Petrovich. He was under th<?
influence of liquor and as I entered he
approached me and in a threatening man
ner declared that he was going to kill me.
I walked out of the place.
" 'Napoleon,* as he is known to his asso
ciate?, followed me and as I reached the
sidewalk he made a rush at me. as If
he intended to do me bodily harm. Be
lieving that my life wa<» In danger I drew
ray revolver and fired four shots ~t him.
Just then a policeman grabbed me and
after taking nossersion of my revolver
Vido Opusich Sends Two Bullets Into the Brain of John
Petrovich, Who Dies a Few Hours Later
at the Hospital.
Gallant Fight of Crew of British Ship Windsor Park to Pre
vent an Overheated Cargo of Coal From Break
ing Into Fiames.
FACE TO FACE WITH DEATH
FOR EIGHT DAYS AND NIGHTS
The Market Street Company has never
lost Its franchise on Bush and Sansome
streets, where srngle tracks were laid
years ago and horsecars at one time ope
rated. Last year it succeeded in getting
an ordinance through the Board of Su
pervisors giving it permission to erect
poles and string electric wires, but
Mayor Phelan vetoed it.
Under the so-called- "corkscrew fran
chise" the Market Street Company sought
to secure permission to run electric cars
from Market street north on Grant avo
nue to Geary, thence east to Kearny,
north to Bush and east again on Bush to
Sansome, connecting with other crosstown
roads and a line on Jackson to the water
front. After a hard fight before the Su
pervisors the battle for this franchise was
lost, although the Post and Montgomery
street line went through.
Thus far cars have only been run on
the new line from Kearny and Bush
streets to Sansome and Jackson and re
turn, transfers being issued.
• It is now believed that the Market-street
Company will attempt to carry out its
original plan to lay sharp curves at
Kearny and Bush, Kearny and
Post and Jackson and Sansome
streets. The Post-street cars will
then be run north on Montgomery street,
over the single track, to Jackson, on Jack
son to Sansome. south on Sansome to
Bush, west to Kearny. south to Post and
then west on Post over the double tracks.
This will mean dangerous curves at Bush
and Post streets, where they Intersect
Kearny.
The Market-street Railway Company
executcd a clever coup yosterday by
siringlr.g wires and running cars over the
old tracks on Bush street, , between
Kearny and Sansome streets- 'and along
Sansome to Jackson. A year ago they
were refused permission by the Supervis
ors to erect poles and string electric wires
ever this route. This refusal was ac
counted one of the victories of the people
in the big fight against the so-called "cork
screw franchise." But the railroad com
pany has, as usual, had its way and the
cajs were running all day yesterday
without interruption from any source.
What the Market-street Company failed
to secure legally was done by strategy.
For several months agents of the com
pany have been working quietly to secure
the permission of property owners along
the route to attach guy wires to build
ings. So quietly was this done that no
inkling of their plans leaked out. All
being in readiness, the advantage given
by a quiet Sunday morning was taken to
complete the work. A large force of line
men was put to work about 7 o'clock and
in two hours' time they had strung the
wires and guyed them securely . to the
buildings along tfa^ route. By 10 o'clock
the electric current had been turned on
and two carstput on the line. Almost be
fore people along the route knew what
was going on the cars were running on
schedule time, transferring passengers at
Kearny and Jackson and accepting trans
fers at both ends of the line.
Lines Hastily Strung From Buildings
Along the Route Serve to Carry
the Necessary Trolley
Wire.
GOT ALONG WITHOUT POLES
Now Operating Electric Cars
on Sansome and Bush
Streets. (
RAILROAD FINDS
WAY TO BEAT
THE LAW
RESORTS TO MURDER TO WIPE
OUT THE DISGRACE OF A SCAR
THE SAN FEANC1SCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1900.
3
The Shooting, the Principals and the Woman in the Case.
Smiths' \
Seven
•3 Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
\ Ham 12><c
d Best eastern — ours If you
SJJ dont like them
Butter 40c
2-Ib squares — full weight —
\ price and quality "the best"
Candy-French mixed
v Hand made— fresh— sold up
town at 50c Our reg. 35c
Brass Night Lamps 10c
While tkey last— reg. 20c !
"Water Glasses doz 35c
50 doz. Blown and en-
£S graved. Cost not considered.
Reg. 55c
Lamp Shades each 40c
Decorated— very pretty. ;
• 100 only — ro Inch— reg. 75c
Tea 45c
The finest uncolored Japan
. i-Ib tins— original packages
Reg. 60c
Campers-Tourists
Supplied with the many novel
and convenient Items that are so
handy and nice to have, as well
as the necessities of life.
Good reliable groceries— tents,
hammocks, camp chairs, camp
stoves, stove fixtures, saw, ham-
mer and nails. We know how
to pack them— either as baggage
I or freight. Prices alvays right.
CASH STOPE
26-27 MARKCT ST.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR COLD DREDGING PUMPS
I/Dnrtl 'Were •ucccuful at Nom* lut
IVlYUOn r«*r. All cthert failed. In op«r»-
tJoo Amllr. * Bteretwon at.. 8. P.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS. .
I ICVCfiU Gcl£ <lrefi«lns pump«. the only
JAwR.3Uii cuocessral pump muatACttired.
* <g Sixth «t-. baa Fnndaco.
PORTABLE hOUSES.
BrRJCHAM-fiTANDETORO CO.. "WaBhlBfttm
ud 1st »t».. QalrUnd. cr Ballden* Et. S. V.
MEDICINE CASES. ¦
fEHIDRDGCO ,£&•«.
«
II Tinimnnmr AN FRANCISCO is a peculiar place— it !fj
H /^r^^ has its own particular fancies and ideas. *~3
Bk \^^J Contrary to other cities, San Fran- W
c3 Cisco's taste, as regards summer dress 22|
&L , ii!!iiiii!:i!:!il f or m en F runs to dark clothes to a con- S
f| siderable degree. So we meet the demand with fi
§ an assortment of Jig
\ I black cheviot indigo blue ser£e |9
[ I blue cheviot new light blue serge If
! | and clay worsted jj-«a
which, as you know, are all dark goods. We are making ||3
sack suits and cutaways to order from these cloths for £jj]
$13.50. Such good, dressy and serviceable materials at |>-i
J5 such a price are worthy of your earnest consideration. mg
2 ' Samples freely given for comparison to show the su- £t
fiz periority of the cloth ; and every suit is guaranteed: £K
5g Money returned if you want it ; or J|£
|g Clothes kept in repair free for one year. J|£
€5 Of. course, we have lighter patterns, too, if you
Out-of-town orders filed — perfect fit assured through our self' £1&
£& measuring system— write for samples. K?fThe first four named vessels -were put
in commission in 1S9S and the last two
in 1897. Tho repairs Include the period be
tween commission nnd up to February 24
last. There Is some striking difference
in the cost, of repairs, indicating that
either a superior sort of tubes were used
in some of the ships or that the boilers
¦were looked after more or. less conscien
tiously. The Powerful's bill of repairs
must be considered exceedingly small con
sidering the fact that during the period
indicated she steamed . from England to
Hongkong, did some cruising while on the
China station and - in February last ar
rived on tho coast of South. Africa. Her
steaming record has probably not been
less than 75.000 miles.
The Terrible,- on the other hand, only
made aishort service to the Mediterra
nean. ¦ on which several , tubes blow out,
killing and wounding several me», and the
expense of $52,320 means that all her boil
era have been retubed.
A report from Paris says that at the first perform
ance of Sousa's band in the American section of the
Paris Exposition the enthusiasm of the great audience
of Americans that gathered to hear it did not break all
bounds until the "Cake Walk" and other ragtime
pieces were played. Then the American colony be
came delirious. It danced and whooped and de r
n-anded encores until the band was exhausted. That
is bad, but not so bad as was feared. For a long time
there was a dread in this country that the American
Commissioners and their staff at Paris would array
themselves in militia uniforms and open the Ameri
can pavilion with a cake walk.
<»If politics in Oakland possesses no other merit it
certainly has the virtue- of .'.variety, and excitement.
Anything from an indictment by a Grand Jury to a
candidacy for Governor is considered to be good form
in one's political career.
San Rafael has produced some oddities in the way
cf offenders against the law, but' the' man '.who. is ac
cused of having stolen his friend's house and moved
it to a hiding-place is certainly entitled to the dis
tinction of originality.'
If the vociferous Sulzer succeeds in his ambition to
get the Democratic nomination for Vice President,
the calamity ticket will be able -to. make as much
noise in the campaign as two pigs under a fence.
BRYflN fIND HIS PLATFORM.
SENATOR JONES, of Arkansas, chairman of
the Democratic National Committee, is re
ported tb be a convert to David Bennett Hill's
plan of campaign— that of nominating Bryan for the
sake of pleasing the silver men and the wild colts of
Democracy, but drawing the platform to suit the con
servatives. The Senator, it is said, will go at once to
Chicago for the purpose of conferring with Bryan
snd will urge him "not to abandon the Chicago plat
form, nor any principle contained in it, nor to stul
tify himself, nor to do anything contrary to the rules
c f good faith, sincerity and self-respect; but to con
sent that the reafnrmation of the Chicago platform be
ftut in language which will not alarm the country and
will permit the Democratic party to reunite and win."
In that programme there is all the unctuousness of
a professional hypocrite. Bryan, we are told, is to be
asked to do nothing contrary to good faith and self
respect, but he is asked to consent to the expression,
cf his doctrines in language quite different from that
in which he has been expressing them for the last four
years. The object of the change of words, we are
frankly told, is to prevent the doctrines from alarm
ing this year those who were alarmed by them in
1S96. Are the conservative Democrats, then, such
stupid folk that they can be beguiled into supporting
t'ne Chicago platform by the mere process of covering
it with a Kansas City canvas?
If the reafnrmation of the old platform in new
words do not change the intent of the platform itself,
then every man who is induced to vote for it by rea
son of the change of words will have been defrauded
and cheated. If, on the other hand, the change of
Tribes of This Order Throughout the
State Will Go to the Santa
Cruz Mountains.
The Independent Order of Red Men will
celebrate the battle ot Bunker Hill Sun
day, June 17, by a grand excursion to Sun
set Park in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Tribes from various parts of the State
will take part in the celebration and rep
resentatives will be present from Pacific
Tribe -No. 66. California No. 70, Golden
Gate No. 74, Germania No. S3. San Fran
cisco No. 246, Vorwaerts No. 235, Schiller
No. 278, Metamora No. 4, Concordia No.
2C8 and Oakland No. 272. San Jose Lodge
will also celebrate the thirty-tlfth anniver
sary of its organization on the same day.
Members will gather at Red Men's Hall,
510 Bush street, and will march to the
ferry, headed by a band. They will leave
for the pleasure grounds on the 9:15 boat.
The exercises of tho day Include ad
dresses by Grand Chief R. Landmann and
Grand Chief Powhattan Jacob Rumetch
and the singing of patriotic American and
German airs by the Red Men's Lieder
kranz, There will be games and prizes
for young and old arid the special feature
will be the tug of war between the differ
ent tribes for valuable prizes. Following
are the committees:
Arrangements— William Gelssllch. John Tiede
mann. II. Marschall, Adam Brehtn. C. Lei
decker. C. Feelscher, J. Krumholz, B. Schoen
feld. J. Klefer and R. Putzraan.
Refreshments— T. Schulz, J. Welkert, D.
Schaffer. J. Wechle, Z. Maldenhauer, E. Lau
dolt, C. Olenthal. H. Hoffmann, F. Meier,
Charles Younff, A. Runge. J. Jaeger, J. Bark.
J. Appel, R. Landmann, K. Dunk. J. Schmidt.
F. Bode, J. Mayer, M. Bechtel and B. Sam
mann.
;¦ .•--•'¦• ¦ » ¦
Amiable Hostess— well, now you are
here, I hope you will stay to lunch with
me. Gushing Visitor— Oh, thank you so
much, dear Mrs. Browne, if we may. (To
daughter) — There, Vera, won't that be de
lightful? Such a pleasant surprise for
you! Severely Truthful Child— Not a sur
prise, ¦ mother. You know, you said Mrs.
Browne must ask us to lunch If we only
stopped long enough!— Punch.
RED MEN TO CELEBRATE
BATTLE OF BUNKER HILL
CALIFOItNIANS IN NEW YORK.
X. E. de Toe, a furniture dealer of Mo
desto, is at the Lick.
State Senator E. C. Voorhiea of Sutter
Creek Is at the Palace.
L. M. Cutting, a real estate man of
Stockton. 13 at the Lick.
C. A. Moody, a Los Angeles newspaper
man, is a guest at the Lick.
Samuel M. Nave, a merchant of St. Jo
seph. Mo., is at the Palace.
Judge A*. P. Catlin of the Sacramento
Superior Court is at the Lick.
John J. BIrne. a Santa Fe official of Los
Angeles, Is a guest at the Palace.
Rev. Gerald Card and wife of Charles
ton. W. Va., are at the Occidental.
J. S. Brady and J. G. Chapman, mer
chants of Omaha, are at the Palace.
Adjutant General A. W. Barrett came
up from Los Angeles yesterday and is at
the California.
John F. Carrere of Sacramento, secre
tary of the State Lunacy Commission, is
at the California.
Railroad Commissioner E. B. Edson
came down from Gazelle yesterday and Is
staying: at the Occidental.
Frank W. Griffln. who is operating gold
mining dredgers in the vicinity of Oro
ville. Is a guest at the California.
Dr. H. A. Mandevllle and wife of
Orange. 2*. J.. are guests at the Palace, j
In their party are dlso Misses Jennie R.
and Mary M. Morgan, Charles Morgan
and Miss Glass. ¦
John P. Bray of Washington, D. C, re
cently appointed United States Consul
General to Australia, -with headquarters
at Melbourne, is a guest at the Palace.
He leaves for his new station by the
steamer Mariposa next Wednesday. i
PERSONAL MENTION.
THjE COMMERCIAL SITUATION.
THE feature of trade last week was the upward
turn in wheat. This important product, which has
so long languished, started up under the influence
01 adverse crop reports and rose about 5 cents per
bushel at Chicago in a couple of days. This market re
sponded and the close of the week found wheat a
much better piece of property than it has been for
some time, with increasing speculation. The minor
grains sympathized and the feeling was firmer all
ilong the line of mill and feed stuffs. The cause of
the rise is the poor outlook east of the Misissippi and
the precarious condition of the crop in the great
Northwest, where rain is badly needed. In Ohio,
Illinois, Indiana and Michigan the ravages of the
Hessian fly have cut down the acreage 33 per cent and
the crop itself over 50 per cent, in some cases destroy
ing it altogether. In addition the outlook in foreign
countries is not sufficiently flattering to counteract the
adverse reports from the United States, hence the ad-
A gainst this rise in wheat, however, we have stead
ily weakening markets for almost everything else —
!u:r.bcr, iron and steel, leather, hides, wool, cotton,
petroleum, siik, hemp, a flat market for boots and
shoes, slackened demand for manufactured clothing,
etc., down through a long list of minor commodities.
Manufacturers are giving way before the accumula
tion of stock and backwardness of buj-ers and more
mills are reported shutting down. All this is goin^j
on without any loss in confidence or any disturbance
in the money market, which is as abundantly supplied
£S ever. Indeed, the decreased activity in trade and
dosing down of mills throughout the country has
caused a stream of idle money to flow into New York,
where it is slowly accumulating and going into hiber
nation "like a seroent in winter.
Under these conditions Wall street remains duIL
The more peaceful aspect of the South African situa
tion :s oflset by the recently arisen complications in
China r.nd the poor crop outlook in the great wheat
States, the latter threatening to reduce the railway
earnings during the coming fall. Another bear fac
tor is the reported stringency in money at Berlin
snd London, which seems to produce more effect on
amateurs than profesrionls, who regard it with a
skeptical and indifferent eye. But it makes the public
vzry just the same and a dull stock market is the re-
The decrease in the volume of business last week,
as shown by the bank clearings of eighty cities, was
8.6 per cent. The decrease at New York was 14.S
per cent and at Boston 18.6 per cent. St. Louis, dis
turbed by a serious strike, showed a gain of 1.6 per
cent — an incongruity. Pittsburg, the scat of the iron
and steel trade, said to be languishing, exhibited .1
gain of 38.8 per cent, 2nd San Francisco, afflicted with
a farcical "plague," a gain of 18.5 per cent So much
for figures, which never lie. If strikes, weak mar
kets ar.d burlesque "plague" scares each produce in
creased business in three different cities, what a boom
there would be if any one city had all three conditions
The local features are the ri?e in wheat, a continued
good expert movement and sharp cutting in the
prices of provisions following the advent of a new
competitor in the cured meat field Otherwise the
markets are dull and featureless. The crop outlook of
the State was never better, taking the list of products
as a whole, and from now on it will be a question of
Los Angeles is suffering from a reign of footpads,
and attributes the evil to the domination of the Police
Department by the politicians. Our own experience
in the same field ought to give Mayor Phelan an op
pcrtunity to correct the mistake of the southern city..
In seeking to tax everything of value in the citv 10
the highest notch the Democratic Board of Super
visors seems determined to carry out to the very let
ter that law of their party which declares that gov
ernment is for revenue only. .
If China is to be dismembered by the powers of
Europe the Empress will have at least one satisfac
tion. Hungry dogs invariably fight over a bone. ¦
Tf-|E SCHOOL BOARD PROGRAMME.
SHOULD the report prove to be true that the
Board of Education intends to adopt rules re
quiring every principal controlling less than
ten classes to teach a class and fixing the minimum
numberyof pupils in a class at sixty-five, then it is time
for the- parents of school children, for the press and
for ttfe public generally to make protest. Such a
scheme cannot be made commendablc»even if given
the respectable name of economy. It is essentially
bad and no matter in what guise it may be masked
no cood can come of it.
The Call had occasion some time ago to point out
the wrong which is bting done to the public by the
practice of various boards and commissions of the
city government in holding secret sessions for the dis
cussion of municipal affairs under their control. A
striking evidence of the evil results of that practice
is presented in this case. The reported intention of
the Board of Education to make the stated changes
in the rules is a rumor merely. The agreement to
make the change is said to have been effected at ex
ecutive meetings. The public has known nothing of
it, has had no chance to discuss it, no opportunity to
protest and yet it is announced, the board will prob
ably carry out the scheme at the meeting to be held
to-day.
Were the proposed changes unobjectionable in
themselves, there would still be just cause for com
plaint on the part of the public in the very fact that
they have been devised by the board, not in open
discussion but in the secrecy of executive sessions,
and are to be sprung upon the people as a surprise.
There is no authority for the Board of Education to
carry on public business in that way. The Police
Commission is the only commission or board to
which the charter gives the privilege of secrecy. All
other administrative bodies of the municipality arc
expected to act openly and above board, so that the
press may publish and the people may read what is
going on and what plans of administration «ire being
considered.
Had it been generally known that the Board of
Education had under consideration any such scheme
as the one rumored, there would have been vigorous
protests before now. It is not right to require the
principal of a school to devote a large part of his
time to teaching a class. The rule might as well re
quire each member of the board to teach a class and
the president to teach two classes. Neither is it right
tc fix the minimum number of pupils in a class at
sixty-five. That number is in excess of what a
teacher can rightly attend to. All experience in pub
lic and in private schools has demonstrated that a
teacher cannot manage and instruct so large a num
ber of pupils with anything like the efficiency that
parents have a right to expect.
It is asserted furthermore by competent authorities
that the average classrooms in our school buildings
arc not spacious enough to accommodate so large a
number of pupils; that to enforce the rule would be
to overcrowd the rooms, producing not only incon
venience but conditions prejudicial to health.
Economy in the administration of the public schools
is a popular desire; we may even add that it is im
peratively demanded — but the desire and the demand
are for economics that will put an end to waste, ex
travagance, jobbery and corruption, such as have
been too frequently manifest for many a year past.
There is no demand for an economy or a parsimony
that will weaken the teaching force or impair the ef
ficiency of the instruction. The people are perfectly
willing to pay all that is needed for the proper teach
ing of the children of the city. They object only to
that which is the result of negligence, unfaithfulness
or dishonesty — and to star chamber proceedings.
Vlckers Sons and Maxim at Barrow em
piny about 10,000 men in the trades con
nected with shipbuilding, engine construc
tion and gun and armor making. '
Brazil has five naval arsenals, that at
Rio Janeiro being the prnlcipal. The
others are located at Pernambuco, Bahla,
Ladarlo and Itaque. The last named is
on the upper Uruguay and 13 used for
river flotilla.
The Neptune and Inflexible, battleships
in the British navy, are to be overhauled
nt an estimated expense of 1125,000. The
Neptune has never been of any account
since her purchase in 1S7S, and, like the
late Bellelsle, Is only fit for gun practice
to be sunk.
The damage to the Japanese battleship
Asahl, which ran aground last month near
Portsmouth, is quite serious. AVhen
docked it was found that the steel plates
had buckled under the fore barbette
twenty feet on the starboard and forty
feet on the port sldft and that nearly all
the frames through this distance were
broken. The ship will be detained at least
two months to undergo the necessary re
pairs.
The new fuel for the. British torpedo
boats Is of two kinds, one being 1 composed
of Welsh coal residuum, the other being
a mixture of anthracite coal and other
composites, formed in blocks of twenty
two pounds each. Trials of these fuels
are to be made as follows:. Four hour3 at
full speed, natural draught: twelve hours
at twelve knots; twenty-four hours at
ten knots, and a harbor trial of seven
hours.
The NewskI shipbuilding yard at St. i
Petersburg is In a bad way. Its balance j
of last year's account showed a deficit of
1,113,069 rubles, which, with prior years,
makes a total deficit of 5.547.347, rubles.
The original capital paid up was 7,500.000
rubles and obligations to the amount of
3,503,000 rubles have been contracted. The
yard was established with a view of tak
ing contracts for the navy, but the work
has either been insufficient or badly
managed. The Russian Imperial Bank la
the principal stockholder.
Chief Constructor Yates of the Ports
mouth dockyard recently delivered a lec
ture in which he prophesied that battle
ships would be obsolete twenty years
hence. By that time there would prob
ably be three distinct types of vessels,
one for firing guns, a second to discharge
torpedoes— both of a nich types would be
heavily armored. The third would be to
ram disabled ships and send them to the
bottom. He argued that these three com
binations could not be successfully carried
out In one single ship as It was now at
tempted in the present type of battleship
and that If a ship had only one function
to perform each man would know exactly
what to do in battle.
Torpedo craf t-of all descriptions have,
as a whole, proved more dangerous to
their own crews than to their adversaries.
Explosions of boilers have occurred with
in the last two months on French. Turk-,
lsh and Russian torpedo boat destroyers,
involving loss of life. Numerous mishaps
occur to British craft of this class, no less
than three being disabled In one day last
month, the victims being the Ariel. Avon
and Porcupine, damaged in collision or
by propellers being disabled. Torpedo
boat No. S5 was severely damaged an-1
nearly sunk while on practice, a torpedo
flred from another boat striking No. 83.
The Brazilian system of court-martials
and procedure of naval and military law
have some good features. Ordinary court
martials are composed of seven members,
one of whom is a civil magistrate who
acts as reporter to the court and has a
deliberative voice. The High Court of
Military Justice is a permanent Council
of Revision and Is composed of fifteen
life members, of whom eight are army of-
Ilcers, four naval officers and three civil
magistrates. The advantage of having
civilians on the court who are learned in
the law is obvious. It Is no Infrequent
occurrence that sentences in our naval
service are set aside by the Secretary of
the Navy, who, as a lawyer, finds that
the proceedings were either irregular or
the punishment did not lit the crime.
The British Admiralty has furnished
Parliament with the detailed cost of re
pairs to boilers of certain new ships In the
navy, from which the following data are
taken:
Repairs to Belleville boilers In British
navy:
NEWS OF NAVIES.
ARMY INTELLIGENCE.
First Lieutenant John W. I* Phillips.
Eleventh Intantry. has been transferred
from Company M to Company B of that
regiment, taking the place of First IJeu
tenant Milton M. McGrew, who was trans
ferred to Company II.
The leave granted First Lieutenant Ar
thur W. Chase. Second Artillery, ha* b«esx
extended twenty days.
Major Frank Greene, U. S. V. Signal
Corps, has been ordered to proceed to
Seattle on business connected with. th»
proposed Government telegraph, lisa
through Alaska.
Major William J. "White, quartennastar,
U. S. V., has been has been relieved from
further duty in the Division of Cuba and
ha3 been ordered to proceed to Newport
News, there to take charge ot the repair*
being made on the transport Buford.
First Lieutenant Adrian S. Fleming.
Sixth Artillery, has been detailed to In
spect the Central University of Kentucky,
Richmond, Kv., and the Georgetown Col
lege, Georgetown, Ky.
Captain Samuel "".V*. Dunning. Sixteenth
Infantry, has been detailed to Inspect the-
Michigan Agricultural College, near Lan
sing, Mich.
Captain Charles D. Clay. Seventeenth
Infantry, will Inspect the Jesse ilal Ayde
lott College. TuUahoma. Tenn.
First Lieutenant Thomas F. Schley,
Twenty-third Infantry, will Inspect the
following institutions: Ohio State Uni
versity. Columbus, Ohio: Ohio Wesleyan.
University, Delaware, Ohio; Wilberforce
University, Wllberforce, Ohio; Denison
University. Greenville. Ohio; Miami Uni
versity. Oxford. Ohio, and Marietta Col
lege. Marietta. Ohio.
Captain William II. C. Bowen, Fifth
Infantry, will inspect the Northern Illi
nois Normal School, Dixon. 111.; Western
Military. Academy, Upper Alton, 111.;
Northwestern Military Academy. H'gh
land Park, III: De Pauw University,
Greencastle, Ind.; Vincennes University,
Vlncennes, Ir.d.. and the Purdue Univer
sity, Lafayette, Ind.
The leave granted Captain Benjamin
Johnson, assistant quartermaster, D. S.
V., has been extended one month.
The leave granted Captain James D.
Nlckerson. Seventeenth Infantry, has been
extended one month.
First Lieutenant Henry E. Wetherlll,
assistant surgeon, has been ordered to re
port to the headquarters of the Depart
ment of California for duty.
First Lieutenant Lambert W. Jordan,
First Infantry, has been granted leave of
absence for one month.
Leave of absence for a month has been
granted to Major Samuel L. Woodward,
First Cavalry.
Major Forrest II. Hathaway, quarter
master, has been ordered to proceed to
Omaha, Neb,; to Whltewood and Fort
Meade. South Dakota, for the purchase of
artillery horses.
First Lieutenant George C. Burnell. TJ.
S. V. Signal Corps, has been relieved
from further duty at the signal corps post
at Fort Myer, Va., and has been ordered
to proceed to Seattle, for duty there under
the signal officer of the Department of
Alaska.
Captain George O. Squier, U. 9. V. Sig
nal Corps, has been ordered to inspect th«
deep-sea cable now under course of con
struction at New York and at Seymour,
Conn.
Captain Colden L. H. Ruggles, ordnance
department, has been ordered to Inspect
projectiles and rapid-fire guns in cours*
of manufacture at the Bethlehem Steel
Works, South Bethlehem, Penn., and at
the works of the Carpenter Steel Com
pany, Reading. Penn. •
The following changes in the stations
and duties of officers of the subsistenca
department have been ordered: Captain
John Little, commissary of subsistence,
will report to the Department of tha
East for temporary duty as chief commis
sary of that department, to relieve Colonel
Charles A. Woodruff, assistant commis
sary general of subsistence. Captain Lit
tle will also relieve Colonel Woodruff of
hia duties^ as purchasing commissary at
New York City. Colonel Woodruff, upon
being thus relieved, will proceed to San
Francisco, reporting upon arrival to the
Department of California for temporary
duty. Upon the completion of the duty
assigned him he will proceed to Manila.
Philippine Islands, and report In person
to the commanding general. Division of
the Philippines, for duty as chief commis
sary of that division, to relieve Major Ed
ward E. Dravo, commissary of subsist
ence. Major Dravo. upon being thus re
lieved, will proceed to San Francisco and
report by telegraph to the adjutant gen
eral of the army for further Instructions,
Athletic at Sixty-Seven.
From the Providence Journal.
Following the example of ex-President
Clevt.and, ex-President Harrison has tak
en up golf. He is a man of 67, but thera
Is no reason why he should not find a
profitable exercise In the sport. Unlike
some other outdoor pastimes, among them
tennis. It dees not require fatiguing exer
tion, though at the same time it permits
the fullest play of a great variety of
muscles and gives the player all the exer
cise he needs, ilany of the older men of
the country would find in golf an ideal
sport. We are learning nowadays that
athletic exercise is for persons of all ages
and that as long as a man or a woman la
vigorous outdoor pastimes are appropri
ate. The old notion was that anything of
the sort was undignified; that only boys
ouRht to wear an athletic costume or In
dulge in the healthy exorrise of tho body.
Happily the last few years have wrought
a change in this respect.
¦ ? ¦ ¦
CaL glace fruit 50c per tb atTownsead**.*
¦ ? ¦
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
1'reis Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main XOli *
Plutu and apple selling by hawkers was
Illegal In the sixteenth century In Eng
land. The reason was that servants and
spprentlces were unable to resist tho
sight of fruit, and . consequently wero
tempted to steal their employers' money
in order to gratify their longing for t&Md
dainties.
NEAT CYCLING COSTUME.
The pretty cycling costume represented
is made of small black and white woolen
check. The collar, lapels and trimminsj
of the bolero are of white cloth. The skirt
is of the type known as "divided," and
fastens down the front beneath a tab of
white cloth.
daughter were directly to starboard. The
ostrich was kept In the hold and visited
and fed dally with great care by the two
attendants.
The gangplank was pulled In at noon
on a Wednesday In April at the New York
dock, and for the first two days out no
Incident occurred worth relating. On the
morning of the third day some half-dozen
passengers reported to the captain that
they had been mysteriously robbed of
large quantities of Jewelry and diamonds.
No report of this was allowed to reach
the remainder of the passengers or crew
for Beveral day?, when the robberies* ¦were
repeated and the story became public
property on board. The voyage lasted
tight and a half days— nine nights— and
In that time over thirty staterooms were
entered, trunks opened. Jewel caskets
emptied and strong boxes looted. In
every cane the losers were among the
wealthiest people on the passenger list.
One Chicago woman lost over 13000 worth
of diamonds and pear!s. while a young
married couple from New York were
losers to the extent of over W00O In gems.
A clothing dealer In Kansas City who re
sides at the Cordova Hotel gave up a
Jeweled watch and diamond ornaments
valued at approximately $2000. Mrs.
Jam en H. Davis of Texas mourns the
loss of something like JSOOO worth of prop
erty. Mrs. George F. Washburn of Bos
ton parted with a diamond crescent and
pearl necklace valued at $3300. Miss Mae
E. George of New York lost a tiara valued
at J1200. The losses foot up In the neigh
borhood of $45,000.
Every effort was made to discover the
perpetrator of these wholesale robberies.
The closest watch was kept, detectives
on board were called Into service, but
tered on tho freight lint aa tnc prop
erty of a mnn living In San Joaquln
County. Along with tho ostrich were
two men attenj»nts. an older gentleman
and a dashing young woman. All o(tn«o
were devoted to the kln K of bird*, and the
older man and hnndsomfj wonian a _SP"
te At°Ncw Yo d rk m t a hey took passage with
the ostrich, on one of the French line of
steamers bound for Cherbourg. France.
The two assistants occupied flrst cabins
on the port side, while the man and his
seven weeks ago, and Commissioner l'crk
has been watching every Incoming Hteam
er with an ostrich cage and a choice diet
of sand rockB. The ostrich has not ar
rived, and tho following story throws a
brilliant calcium light on Kb disappear
ance.
Several weeks uro an ostrich, purport
ing to be th« hlKhly educated bird which
had been groomed for the Paris fair, was
shipped from Snn Joaquln County,
fai »r» K'ow vnrif Citv. It was en-
AN ostrich, $45,000 worth of missing
Jewels and a quartet of thieves fig
ure in a remarkable story from
Paris, published In the Chicago In
ter-Ocean.
Among the chief attractions of the Cali
fornia exhibit at tho French Exposition was
to have been an educated ostrich, raised
and trained on a California ranch. This
was thu way It whh ect forth in the ofn
elal rntnineru*. Tho ostrich was shipped
without avail. Search of several state
rooms and no less than twenty-five pas
sengers failed to bring any of the stolen
property to Hsht. As soon as the steamer
was landed the police of Cherbourg were
enlisted and the. Parts «letectr<re tares no
tified.
For days the detectives worked without
obtaining a clew. Then attention wai
called to the fact that Commissioner PetVc
was waiting In vain for an educated Cali
fornia ostrich. The police turned their
notice temporarily from the missing jew
els to the lost ostrich. The disembowelci
body of the bird was found finally In a
lonrly suburb of Cherbourg. an«l near by
were a few broken bits of what had beeri
expensive, jewelry. There were not many
pieces of 'jewelry, but enough to set the
astute minds of the detectives to work.
They have now found out something
which convinces them, so they say. that
the four passengers In charge of the os
trich were four of the most expert dia
mond thieves !n the United States. Thes*
thieves discovered that preparations bad
been made to ship an ostrich to the Elx
position and either secured possession of
the real bird which was to hare been sent,
or anticipated the plans of the California
Commission, and started with an ostrich
of their own choosing. At any rate, when
the attendants went down to the hold
every day to fted the ostrich they dinea
him on choice gems, which the older man
and the pretty girl, who passed for hta
daughter, had stolen from tne> cabin
passengers the night before. At thj end
of the voyage they took the ostrich out
to the edpe of Cherbourg, killed It and
recovered the most of the Jewelry. They
had ample time to escape before tneir
scheme •was suspected.
MONDAY '. .JUNE 11. xooo
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A!l Ccmmumca'.ions to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
KAXAGEirS OFFICE Tel^^^tTl5Vi?^
I'inLICATlO.N OFPICB..Mar!crt «nd Ttolr*. S. K. ;
Telephone Tress SCI.
EDITORIAL noOM* 217 <o 221 Stereason St. 1
Telephone Preea 2O2.
OellTereA l»r Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Weelc
Single Copfe*. fi Cent*.
Terms by Mall. Including: Pottacet
t>ATLT CALL. f!no!a<Jins Scr.*ay>. ono y**r W-W
DAILT CAIA OnduSiiur Sunday). « month* 3.00
DAILT CALL (!nclu£lnr Sandxy. 3 months 1**
DAILY CALL— Ey £:r>«'.e Month Mo
BCXDAT CALL Or* T»sr '•»
WEEKLY CAli, One Tear !•»«
All poituanteri mr* authorized to n-rrlre
¦ ¦IiKcripttoDn.
R«T ! » copies mill be Ttrwer<!e<S irhea requested.
OAKXA.AD OFF1C13 11X8 Brotdway
C GEORGE KRO3NES3.
MtnjL^v Fo'e : g:i Advertising, Marquette Building. Chicago.
CLc:.« Ittst»aca Trlefsbsix "Central Mil")
VETT TORK CORRESlHiXDEST:
C C. CARLTCS Herald Square
_— — _•
NEW TOUK riEPRESElsTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 33 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ekersaa Bobm: P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
rrr-r.r.Kt Kcu— ; Auditorium HotcL
KEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
T?cZ£orf-A*torl& Botel; A. Breatano. U Union Bqdixc:
tizmr EU Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON t. CRANE, Carretpondcnt.
BRAtrHflrrirE«_:r Montgomery, comer of Clay. cp»n
entll 8:33 o'cl-wV. to© Hayes. open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open tctil » :30 o'eloclt. €15 LarJi'.n. npen until
*:3S o'clock. 5S«1 V;.-f! r.. open until 19 o'clock. 22E1 llarket.
corner ElrtwnUt T*n until f o'clock. 10S4 Valencia, oi^n
i:nt:l S o'clock. :<"¦€ Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NTV cor
ner T»er.ty-«*ccr<i «n<1 Kfi!U'"kv. np»n until 9 o'clock.
THE \ PASSING Of THE} BOERS.
HISTORY records no more pitiful tragedy than
has . been enacted in South Africa. Nor
docs history record a more amazing spectacle
than the wild rejoicing in Great Britain that a victory
has been gained by that empire over two weak re
publics. The British force outnumbered the Boer
army more than twelve to one. Yet London went
! mad over the victory! If the record of human affairs
has been correctly written such rejoicing over such a
victory is a symptom of national decay. It indicates
the breaking down of that fine spirit which refused to
count anything a victory at .' arms worth re
cording that was not won from an equal foe
and none worthy of great" exultation that was
not gained over a superior force. When that
spirit goes out of a people and victories over
} freemen, outnumbered and friendless in the world, are
hailed with shrieks and freaks of rejoicing, it is a sign
that the equal foe may come and conquer those who
vaunt their victory over the weak.
There is much that is suggestive in the fate of the
two republics. The world has looked on with indif
ference while monarchy, greed and commercialism
have besomed them off the map. The monarchies
which normally have scores to settle 'with Great
Britain refrained from taking her in straits and seek
ing an accounting. They are interested in a reaction
against republican institutions. They are admonished
by the fate of France,-- which in our American revolu
tion aided a republic against a monarchy, only to find
the ferment of freedom extended to her own institu
tions and in a measure to every nation on the con
tinent. A monarchy cannot well aid republican in
stitutions abroad and deny them at home, so Europe
has waited until England brought down her prey and
if there is to be an accounting it must wait until she
ha? gorged herself with it. Belgium, Italy, Portugal,
Germany, all states ruled by a monarch, have posses
sions in Africa. They cannot afford to perpetuate
the existence there of two republics. Therefore, while
they owe England no good will, they avtrt their faces
while she assassinates liberty.
Africa is the only continent left upon which the
civilized races can get a foothold and where civil in
stitutions are to be founded. The downfall of the
Free State and Transvaal is final notice served upon
mankind that no republic will be permitted in Africa.
There freedom must have no altars, liberty no wor
shipers, self-government no resting place. The pray
ers of the weak are unanswered. The free-born Boers
can go no farther into the wilderness. The long trek
is over. In the Dark Continent freedom has made its
last stand and received the devotion of its last martyr.
Women mourn their dead. The orders of Rob
erts have burned their farmsteads and put weltering
ruin where kine grazed and fields ripened in the sun.
But this is forgotten while mothers look upon their
fatherless young, captive to the hated Government
that has followed them, like a wolf, from the Cape to
the Vaal.
England has before this given mankind some rea
son to fear her, but she has not before filed such a
claim to the hatred of a world which sometimes likes
fair play. That world may not be just nowjn a mood
to mind what has been done on the Vaal and wildly
celebrated on the Thames. The passion of greed may
have to give place to satiety. But when the appetites
are jaded the conscience renews its vigor. Even
Solomon did not write "All is vanity" until age and
decrepitude had made passion vain. But when con
science takes the throne and the crimes and offenses,
the meannesses, the murders, done in the name of
God's will, and the robberies committed to advance
civilization, are all written off the journal and trans
ferred to each nation's ledger account, this crime in
South Africa will be found to leave England with a
kirger balance to settle than any other nation.
The seeds of retribution are planted along the path
way of an empire which rejoices when it overcomes
the weak. They spring up in time and the mighty
are laid low. Rome got her first fatal blow at the hands
of Hermann. Orphaned by her legions in ravaging
Germany, the child was carried to Rome as the hunter
t2kcs home a strange cub whose dam he has slain
for defending her young. But the German child
never forgot the scenes of his infancy nor forgave
the power that tore him from them. He paid the
score at Teutoburgerwald and in slaughtering the le
grons of Varus to feed German buzzards balanced ac
counts and gave the mortal blow that led to the death
of the empire.
The Boers have been bereaved of their generals by
death and the fortunes of war. One is an exile on St.
Helena, the great and cowardly empire fearing the
imprisoned lion in a place less secure than one with
an unbroken horizon of water. Another is dead,
gone beyond the spites and fears, the quaking greed
and jackdaw hypocrisy, which join in robbery and
sanctify it with prayer and professions for the eleva
tion of man.
But perhaps some Boer lad, whose father's bones
have been stripped by hyenas, and whose childish
face had been baptized in his mother's tears, will re
member it all as he goes forward to manhood and
when the great empire' that lives in denying the right
to live to others and kittens on the substance of the
weak seems at the height of power, insolent and de
fiant, he will direct a blow that inflicts a mortal wound
and the long forgotten dust of the martyrs who fell
for the two republics will thrill in its uncoffined quiet
and the great crime will be avenged.
language carry with it a change of meaning, then
every man who votes for it under the supposition that
the old platform has been reaffirmed will be defrauded.
Either the silver men or the gold men are to be
cheated by the tactics proposed, and yet it is stated
Bryan will not be asked to stultify himself or to do
anything contrary to the rules of good faith, sincerity
and;' self-respect
Fortunately it is not possible for the schemers to
carry out the game of false pretenses they have de
vised. Bryan is too loose 1 of tongue to play the
game, and too headstrong to sit silent and permit
Hill, Gorman and Jones to play it for him. He de
lights in talking and in all his talking his chief delight
has been to pose as the champion of silver. No mat
ter how skillfully the Kansas City platform might be
drawn to catch gudgeons, Bryan would within a week
after the hook was baited make such a racket on the
stump as would frighten away the last one of them.
The surprising feature of the programme is not its
transparent hypocrisy, or the evident belief of the
schemers that Bryan can stand upon any other plat
form than that of Bryanism, but the assumption that
the country was alarmed in 1896 more by the Chi
cago platform than by the Chicago nominee. It is not
too much to say that to the conservative sentiment
and business interests of the people Bryan is fully as
objectionable as the platform on which he stands.
Such a man clothed with the powers of the Presidency
would keep the country in a condition of unrest and
uncertainty and turmoil. A man of sound statesman
ship, even if nominated on the Chicago platform,
would be more acceptable to a majority of the Amer
ican people than Bryan on any platform whatever.
Jones and his fellow schemers are therefore going the
wrong way to work to win over the conservatives of
their party. So long as Bryan leads the way none
but wild colts will follow.
Marvelous Tale of a Bird of One Passage Under the Guidance of Expert
Diamond Thieves.
CALIFORNIA OSTRICH STORY
THAT OUGHT TO JAR YOU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1900.
. New York Democrats have cut the very ground
from under the feet of .William Jennings Bryan. : They
have accepted him and rejected his platform.
4
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
NEW YORK, June 10.— Guy C. Earl of
San Francisco is at the "Waldorf. E. P.
Murdock of San Francisco is at the Im
perial. E. W. Bowrlng of Los Angeles is
at the Empire.
NAME.
'3
§
¦" P
p
"1
p
Diadem I Jul y la * 15 - 92 ° * b - m &.0K
Nlobe .. Dec. 6 680 1.190 1.870
Arrocar.t Jan. 27 15.105 7.450 22.5m
Furious July 1 8-040 1.9S0 8.02C
Powerful June S 6,340 3,550 ».S9C
rerrlblc. ....... June 15 S3.S60 19,070 52.S3C
NAME.
'3
§
¦" P
p
"1
p
Diadem I Jul y la * 15 - 92 ° * b - m &.0K
Nlobe .. Dec. 6 680 1.190 1.870
Arrocar.t Jan. 27 15.105 7.450 22.5m
Furious July 1 8-040 1.9S0 8.02C
Powerful June S 6,340 3,550 ».S9C
rerrlblc. ....... June 15 S3.S60 19,070 52.S3C
AJIUSEMENTS.
Grand Op«?r»-bous« — "The Giri From CM!i."
Columbia.— Kellar.
C8.1ifurnia--"A Tin Soldier."
Tlvoli— "Madeleine."
Alc&zar — "^aplio."
Oi-pbeum — Vaudeville.
Olyrnp'.a, ccrr.er Mascn and E3(Jy stre*ls — S,jef-!a!tie».
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon ac3
•ven.r.g.
Fischer 1 B-"Err.«rJ."
Sutro liaths — C>j>«n nlffhts.
AUCTION SALES.
Ey Sullivan & I>orl«-— Monday. June 11. at 11 o'clock. Horses.
•X ooraer Twelfti and Harrison Ftre«-t«.
By Sullivan fe I>_>>— Wednesday. June U, at 11 o'clock. K!re
Dejm.rtiTier:t Horses, at ZTi Siith etreet.
By Chase & Meri-Irnhull— Thursday. June 14. at 11 o'clock,
Jitsh-claae Hor>*-s. at 173 Market street.Plttt'f Cfcloridei ii n Coaeentrtted Liquid
disinfectant, odorless, safe and cheap, •
Durir.5 3898 there was an excess of
deaths ovrr births In forty-eight depart
ments cf France and an excess of births
la only thirty-nine.
Board of Trade Election.
Epec!»! Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June 10.— The Board of
Trade has elected the following: oflicers
for the enFuinB year: President. WE.
Crossman; Iirst vice president. J- . C. En
tiCTi; second vice president^ J. A. \> ood
ward; trwit-urcr. A. C. Darby. The elec
tior. of gecretary was postponed.
The Empress of Russia has the most
beautiful sapphires In the world, and she
also possesses a wonderful collection of
turquoises, though it is not equal to that
of the Baroness Burdett-Coutts-, who. In
deed, is said to have the finest collection
that exists, . . ¦
J=Dec*«l Cable to The Call ana New York
Kerala. Ccpyrijrht. 1300. by the Herald
Publishing Company.
PARIS, June- 11.— Although in one re-
Fpect a duel yesterday between Drs.
Pozzi and Devillers resembled most others
in which swords are weapons, there was
an almost startling departure from estab
lished custom. The contest was fought
¦without the presence of a single specta
tor. This Is a refreshing innovation wor
thy of note.
Of late duels have become one of the
most sought after forms of amusement aa
a spectacle. In fact, to such an cxfnt
has this sanguinary sentiment taken hold
of the public that at a recent meeting, in
addition to a brigade of reporters, a bat
taMcn of onlookers and a crowd of ama
teur photographer?, there was even an en
terprising agent from ar cinematographic
exhibit ir^on the ground fully equipped
w-i:h srfThi? pnraphernaH»"fcl"£ood work
ing order, ready to record for the benent
of his clientele every .phase and incident
cf the duel.
In the drawing of lots for places, choice
cf f words and director of the combat, for
tune rather favored Dr. Devillers. as he
¦won the two latter points. Both the com
•teaiants stripped off their coats and waist
coats, crossed their blades and hostilities
bocsn The affair was over in a flash, for
immediately Dr. Devlllers' Fword reached
J,r. J'ozzis rlgbt hand, just between the
i ing and little Hngor and penetrated deep
1" gliding along the. bonos at the depth of
a couple cf centimetres (about three-quar
ters of an Inch). . ;. -'
The fight was stopped at^once. as tne
injury completely prevented the wounded
man from holding his sword, and. in
addition, his himd began to swell alarm
ingly.
•Contest Lasts but an Instant, aa at
the First I^inge One of the
Contestants Is
Touched.
Two Physicians Fight and
Not a Single Spectator
Is Present.
INOVATION IS
INTRODUCED IN
PARISIAN DUEL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. June 10.— Dawson ad
vices report the arrival there of R. C.
Geary from Nome, bringing advices to
March 19. Geary says when he left Nome
the question of fuel shortage was troub
ling the miners. What little coal there
was there was selling for $100 per ton, and
beach wood which had been brought for
a distance of twenty miles was selling:
for $40 per cord.
A number of new rich strikes are 're
ported from districts In the vicinity of
Nome. People were stampeding all over
the country, and miners were locating as
many claims as they could place stakes
around before the spring rush began.
Many ex;.re.-s ffar that in the event of
the later discovered districts not turning
cut ns well as anticipated, there will be
much overcrowding at Nome, and he says
th»? fear is being expressed there that
destitution and hardship will ensue.
A letter received at Dawson from Nome
dated March 15 say3 there have been a
perii-s. of rich strikes. Another writer
tells hJs friends there to come at once,
for "this place is the richest place in the
world." Another letter received at Daw
son gays:
"I met Tat Sullivan, who has been here
since the rich diggings were struck. He
made the first rocker used on the beach,
but as he had all the carpenter work
he could do he staked a man, who went
up the beach and struck a rich snot
where he rocked out $1000 in one day. ,ThJs
Is a fact, as several people here will vouch
for. Then Pat got a rocker and averaged
$30 a day for the time he worked on the
beach, so he thinks this is a pretty good
country."
Another writer. Miller, a Dawson res
taurant man, says in a letter to friends
"People are doing little but stampeding
from one part of the country to another.
I think it Is worse than Dawson ever was,
and besides Dawson was never in it in the
way of cheerful liars. A gang of men
go to a new section, where there is no
recorder, form a new mining district,
rlect one of their number recorder and
then start a stmnpede. The result Is sev
eral hundred dollars for fees alone.. .
••There are boodlers here that can give
the Yukon officials cards and spades. In
fact, some of them are graduates from
Dawson." ' -
Schemers Make Money by Causing
Bushes to New Districts and
meeting One of Their
Number Becorder.
Each Report of a New Strike
Causes a General i
Stampede.
COAL AND WOOD
HIGH AND SCARCE
AT CAPE NOME
GEORGE DOBBS AND MRS.
NEW GRANTED NEW TRIAL
Under Sentence for the Murder of the
"Womfm's Husband Nearly
Three Years Ago.
TOPEKA, Kans.. June 10.— The Supreme
Court has reopened the celebrated murder
cases of George Dobba and Mrs. Amelia
New, now serving life sentences In the
Lansing penitentiary for the murder near
Eureka, in 1SS7, of Joseph New, the
woman's husband. The court has grant
ed a writ of coram nobis, which is in
effect an order to the District Court to
hear the application for a new trial, which
the lower court had refused.
Dobbs and Mrs. New were convicted
two years ago. The theory was that they
were in love and conspired to get rid of
New so they might marry. After they had
been In the penitentiary for some time
Alvin Ballard, sent up for horse stealing,
assorted he could prove that Dobbs and
Mrs. New were innocent. Ballard said
Frank Allgood. now in the penitentiary
for forgery, William Turner and he were
the real murderers. Ballard told the story
in detail, saying he belonged to a robber
band organized by Allgood, and told the
officers where they could find many stolen
horses and vehicles. Ballard was taken
from the penitentiary to verify his asser
tions and aided the officers in recovering
much stolen property. On the strength of
this evidence application for a hearing in
the cases of Dobbs and Mrs. New wa3
made before the District Court of Green
wood County, where they were convicted,
but the motion was refused. Now that
the Supreme Court has overruled the
lower court's decision the motion for a
new trial will be heard at orice.
WELL-KNOWN PHYSICIAN
MEETS SUDDEN DEATH
Dr. Paul Gibier, Head of Pasteur In
stitute in New York, Killed
' in a Runaway. ¦¦?¦'$$
SUFFERN, K. Y., June 10.— Dr. Paul
Gibier, aged 49 years, head of a sanitar
ium here and of the Pasteur Institute of
New York, died at midnight last night
from the effects of injuries received in a
runaway.
Dr. Gibier and his mother-in-law, Mrs.
Horen 72 years old. started for a drive
last evening. The. horse took fright and
dashed down the road. A wheel of the
vehicle caught in a tree. Dr. Gibier and
Mrs. Horten being thrown to the ground.
Dr Gibler's head struck on a stone and
he was rendered unconscious. Mrs. Hor
ten was so badly stunned by her fall that
she was unable to rise. The horse, with
his harness trailing him, .ran back home
and his return raised the alarm. Dr.
Gibier died about midnight without re
gaining consciousness. Aside i from the
shock and a few bruises Mrs. Horten was
not badly hurt. -
CYCLISTS INJUBED.
Party of Five Meets Disaster Near
Monterey.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, June 10.— Five Monterey
cyclists met with an accident while wheel
ing to Salinas that resulted In badly hurt
ing one of them. W. Collins, and smashing
up the wheel of another. They were rid
ing very rapidly when the two ahead
struck an unseen rut in the road and both
were thrown violently from their wh'eels.
The other three being too close behind
to stop crashed straight itpon their
fallen companions. In falling Collins
struck on his head and was rendered un
conscious for some little time, but none
of the others received any more serious
hurts than scratches and bruises. All the
wheels were considerably damaged by the
Death of H. N. Whitcomb.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, June 10.— News has been
received here of the death in Los Angeles
of Horatio N.-Whljcomb of this city. De
ceased was a memebr of the well-known
firm of • Whitcomb Bros, of this city an.l
had lived here many years. He had been
in feeble health for. some time and sev
eral weeks ago went to Los Angeles,
hoping to be benefited by the change of
climate. During his residence in Monterey
he had taken a prominent part in all pub
lic matters, and will, therefore, be great
ly missed. He leaves considerable prop
erty, it is said.
LEADING CANDIDATES FOR GODDESS OF LIBERTY IN THE ELKS' {
CELEBRATION AT SAN JOSE.
Special Difuateh to The Call. '
SAN JOSE. June 10.— In the past few
days Miss Harriet Sage of Sara- j
toga has come to the front in the !
contest for Goddess of Liberty in j
the Elks' Fourth of July celebra- |
tiori. and now has a If-ad of nearly 400 !
votes. Her frirnds in Ean Jose and the j
Saratoga section are working hard for her j
Ff lection, and *he will be one of the can- j
didates in at the final count. Yesterday's j
ro-urtt B>n Miss Sas«* 2£''2 votes. Mrs. ,
Oi*h Zei£r!<r is second, with 2252. The j
three next highest are: Miss Gene Veuve j
1479, Miss Sybil Morehouse 95L Miss Alice
Gusscfeld CIS.
The Goddes of Liberty will ride In a
royal carriage. Four white horses, with
gilded harness, will craw the equipage.
<ach animal beinsr led b^ a pa^e. Slight
young men, mounted en black horse:*, will j
form the guard of honor u> her Highners.
The ir-aius of honor will follow in car- I
*This will be the .grandest Fourth of '
July celebration ever held here, Elks
from all parts of the Sta;c have been in
vited and many will attend. There are |
r.«?ar!y 4000 Elks In the State and the lo- I
< al loflj-e expects to entertain fully one- 1
third of these. The evening of. the Fourth
will be strictly an Elks' night. The lodges
will parade at that time in grotesque cos
tumes. On the 3d there will be a grand
ball and entertainment in St. James Park.
On the morning "of the Fourth the general
parade will take place, followed by liter
ary exercises, balloon ascension and tight
rope walking. Senator H. V. iiorehouse
will deliver the Fourth of July oration.
A clever scheme of advertising the cele
bration has been devised by Secretary
Thomas. A huge tamale. ¦ trimmed with
royal purple, the colors of the local lodge,
and bearing the inscription. "The Elks'
Fourth of July Celebration in San Jose
Will Be a Hot Tamale," is being sent to
all the lodges In the State.
Nothing will be spared to make the cele
bration a gorgeous affair. Five thousand
dollars is being raised, for the purpose,
and each visiting Elk will bo given the
"glad hand" and a royal reception.
The S*n Jose Eagles will also partici
pate in a body, and they have Invited the
Eagles of San Francisco to join them. *
The executive committe in charge of
the celebration is composed of the follow
ing: Jackson Hatch (chairman). Fred L.
Thomas (secretary), t£. Bourgulgnon
(treasurer*. William F. Foss, Charles J.
Martin. Alex P. Murgotten, Augustus
Menn Jr., Henry Doerr. A. H. Marten,
Paul P. Austin. Charles C. Navlet and
William J. Rogers.
this week It is conceded that the con
vention will unanimously endorse Bryan
for President.
Among the most prominent names men
tioned for delegates at large are Colonel
James Kllbourne of Columbus, the lead
ing candidate against McLean for the
nomination for Governor last year: Wil
liam S. Thomas of Springfield, chairman
of the State Committee; John C. Welty
of Canton, Charles X. Haskell of Ottawa,
George W. Hull of Toledo. A. W. Patrick
of Tuscarawas, Horace L. Chapman of
Jackson. John J. Lontz of Columbus.
Frank M. Merrltt of Delaware, Herman
Groesbeck of Cincinnati. »
There is a movement here to lurre tne
National Democratic headquarters lo
cated in Columbus during this campaign.
It is claimed that the Democratic State
Committee of Kentucky has endorsed Co
lumbus. The State convention of West
Virginia last Thursday adopted a strong
resolution endorsing Columbus for the
Xational Democratic headquarters and
similar movements are on foot in other
State?. It is claimed that the Democrats
should carry the war into McKinley s
State and contest every county in Ohio.
It is also argued that the border States
of Indiana. Kentucky and West Virginia
are the doubtful ones that may decide the
results and that they are easily, reached
from Columbus. '-' :
years postmaster, holding that office dur
ing Grover Cleveland's two administra
tions. He Is an expert horticulturist ajid
is wool-buyer for the San Francisco iirm
of John Dunnigan & Sons. Miss Farmer is
highly gifted, both musically and artisti
cally. She has found a congenial field for
the latter talent in china painting, her
work being among the most attractive in
the last exhibition of the Ceramic Club.
Mr. Bering is head bookkeeper {or the
wholesale liquor house of C. W, Craig &
Co. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. John
P. Bering, who rounded the Horn and
settled in California in 1S6D. He is an ex
cellent musician.
The knot will be tied by the Rev. Griffin
M. Cutting of Santa Rosa. Tne bride and
groom will leave Immediately after the
ceremony for the Yosemite Vallev. They
will make their home in San Francisco.
ONE of the prettiest weddings of the
season will take place at high noon
at Santa Rosa to-morrow, when
Miss Carrie Josephine Farmer of
that place ana Edward Arthur Bering of
San Francisco will be united beneath a
giant fig tree, planted by the bride-elect's
father in 1S52. The breaKfast will be
spread on a horseshoe-shaped table, and
beneath the shade of the old tree Invited
guests to the number of 150 will drink to
the health and prosperity of bride and
groom. v£
Miss Farmer is one of the most popu
lar bellas of the City of Roses. She Is the
daughter, of Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Farmer,
pioneers of Santa Rosa, and who have
taken a prominent part in the city's de
velopment. Mr. Farmer was for eight
To Marry Under Old Tree ths Brids's Father Planted.
Note — Ten questions will be considered a
complete paper. Only such answers are
expected as can be framed from a study of
the lessons. ,
1. (a) What were the fundamental prin
ciples of the Federal party? (b) State the
position of the party on each of the im
portant issues that arose during the ad
ministrations of Washington and Adams,
(c) What were the causes of the decline
and death of the Federal party?
2. What were the political principles of
Jefferson as embodied In the Republican
party?
3. (a) Explain the system of making na
tional nominations by Congressional cau
cus, (b) Why did this system break down?
(c) Trace the development of the national
nominating convention from Its origin to
its present form.
4. (a) Where and how did the caucus
originate? (b) Describe the present meth
ods of conducting primary elections in
your own locality.
5. Describe the conditions under which
the "spoils system" crept Into American
politics.
6. What were the principles of "Jack
sonlan Democracy?"
7. (a) When and how did the Whig
party originate? (b) Describe th.e> part
played by Clay and by "Webster in the de
velopment of the Whig party.
8. (a) What was the doctrine of Stato
sovereignty as represented by Calhoun?
(b) Decribe the nullification, movement la
South Carolina- —
9. -Explain the struggle over the United
States bank during Jackson's administra
tion.
10. Outline the history of the tariff from
17S9 to the Civil War period.
11. Describe the three important political
compromises through which Clay earned
his title of the "Great Compromiser."
12. Trace the development of the slavery
controversy in Congress from 1S20 to iSZO.
13. (a) Describe the abolition movement.
tracing It from its origin, (b) What po
litical party represented abolitionist prin
ciples?
14. What political Issues were involved
In the Mexican ¦war?
13. What were the issues upon which th«
Whig party won the elections of 1S40 and
ISIS?
18. (a) Explain th© causes of the rapid
rise of the American party? (b) Discuss
Greeley's statement that the American
party had "about as many elements of.
persistence as an anti-cholera or an anti
potato-rot party would have."
The man who developed the strangling
instinct, is 35 years of age and a painter
by trade. He has been acting queerly of
late, but none of his relatives thought he
would develop a murderous bent. But for
the physical strength of the elder Poyser
a shocking tragedy might have resulted
from the son's aberration.
der the whole family. His father grap
pled with him again and forced him oiit
of the bedroom. Then the deaf mute ran
to the kitchen and securing a carving
knife chased his father out of the house.
His wife and mother took refuge in a
neighbor's residence.
The old man notified the police and Offi
cer McCraven was sent with the patrol
wagon to arrest the crazy man. The lat
ter offered no resistance and acompanied
the officer readily to the wagon. No one
was injured, but if the old man had not
appeared in the nick of time Poyser
would undoubtedly have choked his wife
Touching Tokens of Esteem to tha
Late G. T. Smith of San Slateo
Electric Lina.
The funeral of George T. Smith, former
secretary and late cashier of the San Ma
teo and San Francisco electric road, was
held yesterday afternoon from the family
residence at 110 Liberty street. The pop
ularity of the deceased ¦was attested by
the immense crowd of sympathizing
friends at the house. The .purple broad
cloth casket was almost hidden from view
by the wealth of flowers heaped upon it.
Employes of the company sent three
pieces of unusual beamy, one a huge bro
ken wheel, another an electric car madf*
entirely of sweet peas, six feet in length
and three in height, and the third an of
fice desk and chair of beautiful floral de
sign. There were besides wreaths and
baskets of flowers without number.
The services were conducted by Rev.
Lee of St. Stephens Episcopal Church.
A quartet furnished the music. The re
mains were removed in the funeral car to>
the Cypress Lawn Cemetery. So largo
was the crowd of sorrowing friends that
It was necessary to add the large partv
car to the train, and that was crowded,
too. The body was placed In a vault. The
following named employes of the com
pany acted a3 pall bearers: Charles Stan
ley, J. B. Reader, Iver Jones. Adam Dah
ler, C. "W. Marlott and B. M. Warner.
FUNERAL OF POPULAR
ELECTRIC ROAD MAM
Locke's Body to Be Taken East.
The remains of Robert Locke, who com
mitted suicide In the Occidental Hotel by
sending a bullet through his heart on
Saturday, will be forwarded to Chiea*rr»
for interment. A dispatch from Rev.
Clinton E. Locke to G. S. Mead, a friend
of the family In thl3 city, was received
yesterday, giving instructions to have tha
body of his son forwarded at once. Mr.
Mead has made the necessary arrange
ments and will accompany the remain*
to Chicago. Short funeral services will
be held at Martin & 'Co.'s undertaking
parlors. 113 Geary street, this afternoon,
prior to the removal of the body.
MURDEROUS HOODLUM
CAUGHT IN OAKLAND
Harrison Porter, known in police circles
as "Skinny," was arrested in Oakland
yesterday and brought across the bay to
the City Prison, where he was booked on
a charge of assault with intent to commit
murder. He is one of the three hoodlums
who murderously attacked Police Officer
McHugh at Twelfth and Harrison streets
last Sunday week while he was trying to
arrest them for disturbing the peace. The
officer had hold of Porter, but had to
let go of him when his two companions
came to the rescue with a shovel.
Policemen Blyer and RIehl have been
on Porter's trail ever since his escape
from McHugh. They tracked him from
town to town and finally located him in
Oakland.
For Family TJse
Get only Anheuser-Busch Brewinsr Ass'n
brands of beer— the cure kind. "Not How-
Cheap. But How Good" is the motto that gov
erns their manufacture. No corn or other
cheap materials are used. E. G. Lyons Co..
Wholesale Dealers. San Francisco. Cal.
DEAF MUTE MAN
AND WIFE IN A
DEATH STRUGGLE
Henry Poyser While Insane
Tries to Strangle His
Wife.
Choking Sounds ' Heard by Her
Father-in-Law, Who Hushes
in and Saves Her
Life.
The frenzied deaf mute, as soon as his
father released him. ran to a bureau
drawer, where a revolver was kept, evi
dently intending to take it out and mur-
Old Mr. Poyser's attention was attract
ed by choking sounds coming from his
son's bedroom. He entered and. was hor
rified to see his son with his hands clutch
ing his wife's throat. She was slowly
strangling to death. The old man sprang
forward, and after a sharp struggle suc
ceeded in forcing, his son away from his
wife, who soon recovered from the mur
derous attack upon her.
Had not her father-in-law been attract
ed by her almost entirely throttled ef
fortsto scream for assistance, Mrs. Henry
Poyser, a deaf mute, would have been
strangled to death yesterday morning by
her husband, also deaf and dumb. The
latter was evidently insane when he made
the murderous attempt on his wife's life.
Not satisfied with his attack on her he
tried to kill his father with a carving
knife and compelled his mother and the
wife who had just escaped death at his
hands to seek refuge In the' house of a
neighbor.
EXAMINATIONS.
These examinations are open to all students of one or more of the courses.
Candidates will be giv^n three weeks in which to prepare their answers. Cer
tificates will be granted in each course to students whose examination papers
meet the approval of a committee of examiners. Mail all papers to the Home
Study Circlet The Call, San Francisco. Mark all papers "Examination."
DIRECTIONS: "Write with Ink on white paper and on only one side of each
sheet. The name and address of the candidate should be distinctly written at the
top of each sheet of examination paper. Candidates writing upon more than one
course should mall their examinations in separate packages. Mail the sheets
without rolling and with as little folding as possible. See that postage is fully
prepaid.
The names of successful candidates will be arranged in three groups, according
to order of merit, as follows: (1) Excellent. (2) good, (3) fair.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Zatcs
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
PHILADELPHIA, June 10.— The Repub
lican convention city of 1900 has every
thing In readiness, practically, for the
Quadrennial gathering of the Republicans
of the United States, ten days in advance
of the date fixed for the opening session.
The magnificent convention hall is com
plete In every detail and awaits only the
hour of noon, June 19.
The preparations for the coming gather
ing •were, carried on by two large commit
tees. One had charge of the arrangements
for the serious work of the convention,
¦while the other committee 'was assigned
the task of properly entertaining the vis
itors. While the iirst committee is resting
on its oars the other body of workers will
have no rest until It shall have sent home
the visitors.
All the larger hostelrles and the exclu
sive apartment houses have been booked
to their capacity. Quite a number of
State delegations have rented houses en
tirely for all of next week. The storm
center of the convention between the ses
sions will be the Hotel Walton, where the
national committee will have its head
quarters. The meetings of the? Xational
Committee will begin next Wednesday
The Walton will also be the stamping
grounds of the Maine, Connecticut, New
Yferk, Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin and
Missouri State delegations. - The Vice
Presidential booms or the sons of these
States will also find lodgment at the Wal
ton.
National Chairman Hanna and Secre
tary Dick will occupy suites of rooms at
the Bellevue, along with Senator Lodge
of Massachusetts and other leading Re
publicans. The convention hall is located
in West Philadelphia, close to the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania's group of build-
Ings, and Is one and one-half miles from
the hotel district. Transportation to and
from the hall is ample.
Splendid Auditorium.
The auditorium has been pronounced by
Republican national leaders and news
paper correspondents who have attended
many national conventions to be the most
magnificent in appearance and most com
filete in every detail of any structure built
n this country for similar purposes. The
acoustic properties of the hall in its en
larged condition have not yet been prac
tically tested, but experts are of the opin
ion that they are as perfect as can be ex
pected of an auditorium of such size.
The seating capacity is close to 16,000.
The press s>tand, for 500 working news
papermen, is directly in front of the stage
and is four feet above the main floor. In
front of the press stand is the space for
the delegates, which is exactly in the cen
ter of the hall. Back of the delegates are
the seats for the alternates. On all four
sides of the hall, running from the main
floor well up to the roof, are banked row
after row of seats. There is only one gal
lsry, which runs the entire width of the
hall at the rear. The band will be located
in the center of the gallery.
Back of the stage and away from the
noise of the crowd are located numerous
committee rooms. The telegraphic facili
ties are ample, the Western Union and
Postal Telegraph companies and the As
sociated Press having spacious rooms
close to the stage and which are reached
by tunnels under the seats. There are
nearly 200 wires running from the" hall.
The committee of citizens having charge
of the arrangements have raised nearly
$130,000 for the convention.
v Seats for the Press.
No committee has had a harder task
than that assigned to the press commit
tee. It had COO seats in the press section
at its disposal to be awarded Vto news
paper men actually doing work for the
papers and using the wires." More
than 2000 applications were received. The
correspondents fortunate enough to get
seats will find their quarters extremely
pleasant. There is scarcely a poor seat
in the 500. The busiest man for the next
two weeks will be Sergeant-at-Arms Wis
well. His headquarters are located in the
old Courthouse, and there a big corps of
clerks, stenographers and typewriters is
working to its fullest capacity. Each del
egate will receive two tickets besides his
own and eich alternate will receive only
his own ticket. Each National Commit
teeman is to receive twenty-five seats.
Four thousand go to the city of Philadel
phia and the remainder will be distrib
uted among the invited guests by the Na
tional Committee. President McKinley
will receive a certain number for his pri
vate distribution.
The National Committee will hold Its
first session in this city on Wednesday,
when the organization of the convention
will in all likelihood be' taken up and
passed upon. The greatest task assigned
to the National Committee will be the
matter of contests. The committee Is ex
pected to take such action as will make
the work of the credentials committee
easier. With the exception of the Elev
enth Pennsylvania Congressional District,
every delegate to the convention in the
United States has been elected. As far as
known here notice of contests have been
given as follows: . '
Alabama— Two entire delegations.
Delaware— Two entire delegations.
Georgia — First and Fifth districts.
Louisiana— Second £.nd Fifth districts.
Pennsylvania— Nineteenth District.
Texas — Delegates at large and First, Fourth,
Fifth. Sixth. Seventh and Ninth districts.
Tennessee — Delegates at larte.
The social programme for convention
week will Vie about as complete as It can
be made. All the Republican clubs in the
city have formed a general organization
and are working as a unit.
On Monday night there will b*> a mon
ster torchlight. parade in which 25,000 men
are expected to march. Excursions have
been arranged for every day to points of
interest around the city, and the nights
will be given up to banquets, smokers,
concerts and other forms of entertain
ment. On Tuesday, June 19, in the even
ing there will b* a monster mass-meeting
which will be addressed by the best ora
tors among the leaders in the party.
Prominent Senators will be tendered com
plimentary dinners. The most brilliant
affair of that kind will probably be the
dinner to Chairman Hanna on Saturday
night, June 16.
The vanguard of the convention crowd
is already here. Senator Scott of West
Virginia and National Committeeman
Henry C. Payne of Wisconsin arrived
yesterday, while among to-day's arrivals
were Committeeman Joseph Manly of
Maine,' Embassador to Mexico Powell
Clayton, who represents Arkansas on the
National Committee: Judge G. W. Hey
burn of Idaho and .1. M. Ashton. one of
the delegates at large from
Chairman Hanna and Secretary Dick are
expected to-morrow.
WILL MAKE NO EFFORT
TO NOMINATE DEWEY
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 10. — The Demo
cratic State Convention meets here next
Tuesday to elect delegates at large and
alternates to the Kansas City convention
and to nominate candidates for Electors
at large. Secretary of State, Judge of the
Supreme Court, Dairy and Food Commis
sioner. Commissioner of Schools and mem
bers of the Beard of Public Works.
The Indications are that the bip four
to the National Convention will have new
timber. It has been the custom for the
Governor or the candidate for Governor
at the preceding election to head the list
of delegates at large. John R. McLean,
proprietor of the Cincinnati Enquirer,
headed the Democratic ticket for Gover
ernor last year, and would be selected as
the head of. the Ohio delegraticn to Kan
sas City this year, but he announces that
other engagements will prevent Him from
attending the Kansas , City convention.
Mr. McLean sails with his family lor
Kurope next Saturday, to be out of the
country, for an indefinite period." .
There will be no effort* to advance the
Dewev candidacy for the Presidency, as
some bad expected would be the case here
Auditorium Pronounced to Be the
Finest Ever Built for a Simi
lar Purpose in This
Country.
Everything Is in Readiness
for the National Con
vention.
PHILADELPHIA
NOW AWAITS THE
REPUBLICANS
GODDESS OF LIBERTY
CONTEST AT SAN JOSE
Miss Harriet Sage of Saratoga Comes to
the Front and Now Leads bg
a Strong Majority
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM/, MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1900.
WILL WED BENEATH
A SPREADING FIG
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
5
AMUSEMENTS.
REAPPEARANCE TO-NIGHT
Of the Popular Favorites. }
Anna Lichter and Edwin Sterens
Together With—
FERRIS HARTMAN AND THE ENTIRES
COMPANY,
In a Grand Revival of the Comic Opera.
MADELEINE
or THE MAGIC KISS.
Evenings at 8; Matinee Saturday at 1.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c and 50c.
Telephone Bush S.
THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE ROARED LAST
NIGHT AT
Dunne & Ryley's ALL-STAR CAST,
MATTHEWS and BULGER.
MARY MARBLE. WALTER JONE9, MAUDS
COURTNEY and 30 OTHERS la
"A Tin JSoldier"
Thursday Night— Benent by GOLDEN GATE
PARLOR. N. S. G. W., in Aid of the
1900 Admission l>ay Fund.
Next Week-HOYT'S A MILK WHITE FLAO.
t HI TFS and xCiCi
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
GAFFNEY & BURTON: DEET3 & DON;
BASCO & RICE: GATES & CLARK: NETV
MOVING PICTURES and a ONE-ACT COM-
tlJY. under direction of WM. BASCO.
BLADDER CONTEST ON THE LAKE
ELECTRICFOUNTAIN
AT NIGHT.
Order Scats by Phone Park 23.
pTcr;trT?D»q concert house.
GREAT LAMRARDI OPERA QUARTET AND
SIG. ACRAMOFF. in Last Act of
•EP.NANI.'
Isahelle Underwood and D'Estelli? Si3tera.
Reserved Seats. 2Cc. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS,
OPEN NIGHTS. OPEN NIGHTS.
Opfn daily from 7 a. m. to H p. m.
T-ithini; from 7 a. m. to li> p. m.
ADMISSION 19 cents. CHILUUEN 5 cents. ¦"¦*
Bathing, including admission. 25c. Children 20c.
The Weekly Call.
\O» JJwi swell*
ADVERTISE3ttE2TTE.
VACATION™
SHOES
MONET-SAVING
FRIGES.!.*.!.
LADIES' TAMPICO GOAT BUTTON SHOES,
Welts 65
LADIES' FRENCH KID (Herber's)
SHOES .55
LADIES' TAN OXFORDS. LXV heel.... .95
MEN'S TAN HAND WELT LACE
SHOE, pointed toea, narrow widths;
sizes 9, 10, 11 91.OO
MEN'C CALF BUTTON and CONGRESS,
full plain toe, small sizes, narrow
widths .75
CHILDREN'S PATENT LEATHER and
KID SHOES, odd lot .25
Most all of above small sizes.
(ET NO MAIL ORDERS FILLED.
We will not exchange or return money on
these soods. v
See prices in windows and bargain counter.
We al?o have full lines of new Summer Foot-
wear.' Popular prices.
830-832-834 MARKET ST., S. f.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
Our removable bridge work Is beautiful and
durable. . Warranted 10 years.
' ® ur $500 Plates
jfc~- B?^iM3?33S}p3iw Pa'O'ess extracting
\£m000^^^ dcOtlst °° tlje Pa *
* .PRICE LIST for 30 Days:
Painless Extraction 25c
Removable Brldgewcrk «3.(>o
Crowns ...$2.0O to «5.OO
Pure Gold Fillings.... ........91.OO
Amalgam • SOo
Gold and Platina. 91.OO
Silver Filling 5Oc
Mrs/. Dr. R. L. /Walsh will attend to the
children's teeth— painlessly. -aeS^P
• DR. R. L. WALSH,
815% GEART ST.. betwwa Hyde and Larkln.
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 6 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 12. Telephone Folk 113a '
AMUSEMENTS.
Beginning TO-NIGHT,
Ertry Night, including Sunday. M»tine» Satardiy.
KELLAR
THE
GREAT
MAGICIAN.
Displaying His Own Original Discoveries In the
Realm of the Marvelous.
Many Mysterious and Mirthful Manipulations.
PRICES— 25c, 35c, 3Oc. 75c and .91.
THE BEST VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
AMERICA.
Headed by Such Well-known Stars as
VAN AND H0BRI6A COMPANY,
JOSEFH HART AND CARRIE DE MAR,
MISS LILLIAN BURKHART & CO.,
— And Including —
JOHN E. CAMP. THE MARVELOUS MER-
RILLS. SYDNEY DEANE. FLEURETTE
AND GARDINER. MR. AND MRS. JIMMIE
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c: Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
PHONE MAIN 532.
A LAUGHING TRIUMPH.
Genuine Success of the New York Farce
Comedy Furor,
TheCirl From Chili.
Next Week— Tb* Rural Dramatic Idyl,
"A HOMESPUN HEART."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES. V* ''[
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra at All
Matinees 23 cents.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium. .
H EAT R fc^ A r
THE HIT OF N THE CENTURY
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:10.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
And the Great Alcazar Stock
/} | Presenting
MATIXEE SATURDAY ONX.Y.
¦ y SEATS BIX DAYS IN AJJVANCE.SAN FRAXCISCO TACHT CLUB— RACE FROM VALLEJO TO SAUSALITO. .JUNE
10, 1300. ,
"Wallace Cup Regatta.
OAKLAND. June 10.— The California
Tacht Club will meet to-morrow to decide
upon a , postponement to Fourth of
July of the regatta for. the Wallace trophy
cup. The present date for the race Is next
Saturday. If It is not postponed many
yachtsmen will be debarred from taking
cart.
Wheelmen Bide a Century.
The annual 100-mile ride of the Olympic
Club Wheelmen was held yesterday over
the relay course. Thirteen riders, led by
the veteran. George Kroets, covered -the
distance in the record time of 7 hours 18
minutes. The party was made up of
George Kroetz, W." Pedler. J. E. Bolger
Charles Long. M. Davis. E. H. Ward, H.
Cochran, K. SoUle. Fred Howe, W. Grey,
V. Xagel, Eddie Adams and Tom Burns
The start was made at 4:40 a. m. from
Ninth and Market streets, the wheelmen
finishing at Alameda, at 11:58 a. m. The
route was through San Mateo, San Jose
Mitplta*. Alvarado and San Leandro. E
Hanna was compelled to atop because of
a broken wheel.
UniOB BASEBALL.
Walsh & O'Briens Defeated by San
Hafaels in a Close Game.
Epertal Dispatch to The Call.
BAN' RAFAEL. June 10.— An exciting
game of basf-ball was played here this
afternoon between the Walsh & O'Briens
of San Francisco and the San Rafaels.
The San Rafaels lort with a ecore of 4
VACAVTLLE. June 10— The Vacaville
bant-b:iil club defeated the Aermotors of
Sacramento to-day in an eleven-inning 1
game. The score was 4 to 3.
SAN JOSE, June 10.— The Heescmans of
Oakland were defeated by the San Jose
baseball team to-day In ,ihe first game of
the HrnMteur Tories. Score. 12 to 4. Bat
teries—Kent and Martin for San Jose; No
lan and Peralta from Oakland.
V1SALIA, June 10.— Two pames were
played here to-day in the Valley League
baseball peries. In the morning Visalla
defeated Fresno by a. ncore of 11 to S. In
the afternoon the visitors again went
down before the local men by a score of
13 to 0.
AKTIOCII. June 10.— The Dan P. Car
ters of San Francisco defeated the Old
IVppexs of Antioch in the Antloch dla
tnond to-day. Fcore. 6 to ?.
LOS ANGELES. June lO.-The San Di
r?n team whs defeated at Fiesta Park to
day by the r'aeSlie*' in one of the closest
and most exciting ball games of the sea
eon. Score, 3 to 8. In favor of the locals.
American Association Games.
MINNEAPOLIS. June 10.— Minneapolis.
MILWAUKEE, June lO.-Milwaukee 3,
Indianapolis 4.
KANSAS CITY, June lO.-Kansas City
C, Ole\«?Iand S.
CHICAGO. June 10.— Chicago 8, De
troit I.
Empire Club Shoot
The regular monthly shoot of the Em
pire Gun Club waa held yesterday at AJa
raeda Point. The attendance of shooters
was large. The fog in the morning Inter
fered with the shooting, the ncores bein*
below the aver^jje. A- S. Webb was hicii
g-un for the club championship prize with
twenty-three breaks. He was also high
man In the State championship and Schu
macher handicap trophies. The results
in detail follow:
Cluto ch3mpR-ri5h!p— Webb tt. La Motte 21,
Peber.hnm 16. Heuer 15. lialle 20, Ouyett 1L Al
len 14, How-leu 11. Balrd IS, Custer 17, Fish 13,
Peltier f. T'lWrson 1«. Lambert 12. Cullea 12,
Searles IS, Rowland 7, Eaton V Houpt 14.
Mate rharrrploniihlp trophy — Webb 23. La
Slotte £3. Heutr 2S. L>ebenbam 22. Halle IT.
Schumacher trophy, 20 birds — Webb SO, 'Heuer
1», Allen :«, La. Motto IS. Fish 17. llowlett 17,
Halle 18. nebenham 18. ..
Handicap tnerchandiM ehoot. 10 birds— Justin
12. Rowland 17. Allen 14. CUIlen 1*. Peltier 17,
r\pli SO. MmPr IS. 'Webb 17. U Motte 13. Uovr
lett IS. Halle J«, Oebenh&ra 13, Houpt 17, Searles
it, Liur-beri U.
Alameda Cricketers Win.
Though the Pacific Cricket Club players
made a much better display of batting
yesterday than on their previous appear
ances this season they were unable to
beat- the Alamedas, who won by 44 runs.
C. P. Coles made top score for the Pa
cific?, compiling 57 before he was bowled
by Harold Ward. A. W. Wilding's 19 and
H. C. Caeidy's 12 were the only other dou
ble-figure scores. The innings closed for
For the Alamedas, H. Ward Jr. scored
34 and V. Seebeck, not out. compiled the
name number. W, G. Fortman ran up 25;
J. J. Moriarty 22, and J. H. Saunders 200.
When time was called the Alamedas had
scored 157 runs for 8 wickets, V. Seebeck
and K. J. Murphy being the not out men.
For the losers Casidy took 2 wickets and
A. B. Willis also captured 2. The full
record is given herewith:
PACIFIC CPJCKETT CLUB.
'J. Meyers, run out 6
C P. Coles, b. Ward Jr £7
G. Theobald, c. Ward Sr., b. Baunders 4
L. II. Sanrtilands, b. Saunders 3
H. C. Cafidy. c. Uaugh, b. Ward Jr "... 12
A. B. Willis, b. Waj-d Jr 2
W. Jamieson, b. Ward Jr 6
A. W. Wilding, run out 19
W. Henderson, b. Fortman 1
R. Theobald, not cut 1
Wide 1, leg byes 3, byes 4 8
118
Runs at fall of each wicket: One for 18.
two for £7, three for 31, four for £5, five for 57,
six for 71. seven for 113, eight for 114, nine and
ten for IIS.
ANALYSIS OF BOWLING. ' - : .
Bowler— B. R. M. W.
II. Ward Jr W 86 8 *,4
F. J. Croll «6 28 1 0
B. J. Murphy 24 12 0 0
Saundera .61 24 0 2
Baunders bowled 1 wide.
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
R. B. Hogue, b. Willis 18
J. H. Raunders, b. Coles 20
J. J. Morlarty. c. WUdlng. b. Casidy 22
K. J. Croll. c. B. Theobald, b. Coles 0
H. Ward Jr.. st. Myers, b. Coles 3*
G. J. Baugh, c. D. Theobald, b. Casidy 0
V. Seebeck, not out 34
II. Ward Sr.. c. Jamison, b. Coles 2
W. G. Fortman. b. Willis 25
E. J. Murphy, not out 0
W. Richter. did not bat 0
Wldes 2, byes 5 7
162
Runs at fall of earn wicket: One for 30, two
for 41, three for 43. four for P9, five for 99, six
for 100, eeven for 113, eight for 157. .
ANALYSIS OF ROWLING.
Bo-aler— B. n. If. VT.
II. C. tlasldy 8« 44 1 2
L. H. Fandilands 60 30 1 o
A.. B. Willis 60 30 2 2
W* Jamieson 43 24 0 0
Jamli-son bowled 2 wides.
In the first Inning a wild throw by
Reilly was responsible- for Hutchinson's
scoring and a hit by Hardie and a double
by Francks sent Old Pop over the rubber.
In the second the Dudes added another
brace of runs to the s»core. Dunleavy hit
through Iburg, was advanced a base on
Mangerlno's sacrifice and scored on Be-
Oakland during the last two weeks has
been treated to good baseball as far as
interest in the matches goes. Bunches of
errors and frequent hitting by both teams
were the fcatural points of the game yes
terday. Iburg was touched thirteen times,
five of which were doubles.
Oakland 6, Ban Francisco 5.
mornhig game.
Runs responsible for— Fltzpatrlctc 5, Steffani
4. Home run— Moskiman. Three-base hit—
FrancK?. Two-base hits— Francks. .Prennan.
First base on errors— Ban Francisco 2, Oakland
4. First base on called balls— San Francisco 4,
Oakland 2. Left on bases— San Francisco 8,
Oakland 4. Struck out— By Ste"a"t 2. by Flti
ratrick 2. Hit by pitcher— f.-'hwarts. Doub'.e
plays— Francks to Hutchinson: UrockhoIT to
I'abst: Dunleavy to Hutchlnson. Passed bills
—Sullivan 2. Wild pitch— Fitzpatrlck. Time
of Kanie — 1:60. ITmpire — Donohue. Official
scorer— J. W. Starleton.
SUMMART.
San Francisco 000101S0 1— «
Base hits 10011221 3—11
Oakland 6 0210000*— 9
Base hits 5 0 2 2 0 0 0 1 »-10
Totals 37 9 10 3 27 11 4
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, c. f. 4 2 1 1 5 0 0
I.Anpe. 3b 5 0 110 3 1
Hutchinson. lb 4 110 8 0 1
Hartlie. r. t 4 0 0 0 10 0
Franeks, s. s 4 2 2 0 3 6 1
Moskiman, 1. f 4 1 2 0 1 0 0
Dunleavy, 2b.> 4 10 15 2 1
Mangerlno. c 4 2 2 0 4 10
Steffani, p 4 0 10 0 2 0
Totals ...*;.... 7.. .37 6 11 1 24 13 4
I OAKLAND.
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. c. t 4 110 4 10
Hildebrand, r. t 5 0 0 0 1 0.1
Schwartz, 2b 4 2 2 0 1 5 " 1
Sullivan c 4 2 2 1 3 0 0
Pabst. lb 6 0 3 0 13 0 ;0
Reltz. s. s 4 0 2 0 0-2 1
Levy. 1. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
RoIUy, 3b 4 0 0 0 13 1
Fitzpatrlck, p 3 110 0 2 0
fire and red fire and green fire and sky
rockets and specially arranged pieces
that burned with a fierce blaze, but Fitz
stuck to it and, outside of the bunches of
swats, satisfied the crowd.
The Dudes were a bit lucky and
"swatty" in the first Inning, settting the
boy at the score board hard at work.
Drennan took a constitutional to the tirst
sack, made the middle station on a passed
ball and third on Lange's out, scoring
on Hutchinson's single. Hutchinson
crossed the rubber on Franck's double
and a homer by Mosklman made the
fourth run. Dunleavy went to first on
Reitz's error and Mangerlno followed with
a single to right. A hit by Mike Steffani—
wonderful to relate— scored Dunleavy and
sent the other Mediterranean to second.
Drennan's hit -to right scored Mangerino.
Just a half dozen runs.
In the third, by a succession of hits and
some accommodating errors by Hank's
pretty nine. Mangerlno and Drennan
crossed the plate.
Frisco's first run came in the fourth,
when Sullivan jogged to ilrst on four bad
ones, went to second on Lange's error of
Pabst's hit and scored on Reitz's single.
Oakland added another to its list in this
inning. A three-bagger by Franeks and a
hit by Moskiman did the work.
In the sixth the local team scored one.
Sullivan was safe on Lango's error and
went to second on Pabst's hit, scoring on
Pabsfs force at second. But the seventh
was full of joyful tidings to heart-sick
Hank. The Graeco-Roman battery. Stef
fani and Mangerino. posed for their pic
tures while on the bench and after that
they were off the earth for a time. Stef
fani walked the fireman and Brockhoff
in succession and then Hildebrand flew
to center. Schwartz's uniform collided
with the ball and the sacks became bur
dened to the full. Sully flew to center and
made the second dead one. But right here
the scoring began. "Lager" Pabst hit to
Steffani and was safe on the play, the
fireman crossing the plate. A hit by
Reitz to Hutchinson, who threw to Stef
fani but not In time to kill the runner,
meant two other runs for the local team,
Brockhoff and Schwartz scoring. Pabst
was caught at the plate on the fake play
at second.
In the ninth Schwartz went to the first
sack on a hit after Hildebrand had per
ished. A hit by Sully and some juggling
put the runners respectively on third and
second. Pabst followed with a hit and
Schwartz scored, a double play ended the
game. The score:
H. E. de B. Lopez & Son's black and
white irrcyhound Whitehead was the pick
of the doss running in the champion stake
yesterday at Union Coursing Park. He
defeated In turn Master Clair, Flying Fox
:ind Hot Haste and In the all-Important
dpcidinn: course. Sir Pasha, from Frank
UoComb's kennel. Sir Pasha was called
upon to meet Royal Flush. McCotnb's
stake winner. In the semi-final round and
the. old champion W*M defeated by a score
Of 4 to 3. Itiyal Flush was winning:, when
the hare fcrcke back, favoring Sir Pasha,
The betters thought so well of his chances
they ma.de him a 6 to 1 favorite. Had he
grme into the deciding course it is a ques
tion !f he could have l>eaton the Lopez
crack, the latter showing mere speed than
at any previous appearance on the field.
He led Sir Parha and let him score but
one point while he ran up a total of 10.
Curtis & Son's Flying Fox was unfortu
nate in his flnit course. lie defeated
Brutus by a score of 16 to 2. The hare
made good its escape, but before Flying
Fox cculd be caught by his handler the
hare re-entered the field. The Curtis rep
resentative went Jn pursuit and after con
siderable work killed the hare. This extra
course ruined any chances he might have
had to go farther Into the stake.
For Glory and O'Hara, owned by the
coursing- firm of Sterl & Knowles, but
trained by Frank McComb. divided the
lOi-Acg reserve stake. The same owners*
Rusty Gold, one of the famous old dogs
of California, nearly worked his way into
the scml-flnal round. He waa unfortunate
In the two preceding rounds in having
undecided courses, necessitating to run
two in addition to the regular number.
The favorites won with few exceptions,
although eonii- £(dde<\ upsets occurred In
the first round. Tic Tac beat Gold Xug
let ax 5 to 1; Slim beat the fast young
dos Anchor at 2 to 1; Ben Lcmond beat
Patriot and Onward beat Rcanncx at 5
to L
The eours!r.*f throughout the fiay tras
hlph clafs. the hares being an unusually
etronp lot and the dogs being well
matched.
The- detailed rppuitp •with Judgo John
Grace's official scores follow:
Champion stake— J. J. Ker.ney's Hot Haste
leat 1>. Winder's Ricky Attempt. 5-4; B. M.
Kellnfrft-F Kid McCoy beat Pasha Kennels' Me
talli.-, 2-2. 4-1: Curtis & Son's Flyinp Fox beat
J. P. Thrifts lirutus. 18-2: Curtis & Son's
McK;nl<-y beat G. W. Heintx'p Hereohel's Pride.
6-0- R E de B. Lopez's Whitehead beat Rus
pell. Allen & Wilson s Master C'.a'.r. 4-1; F. A.
MoComb's Royal Flush beat Curtis & Son's
Narcirsus. T-3: F. A. McCorsb's bir Pasha teat
Curtis & Son's Vulcan, 6-3.
Bccand round— Hot HaFte beat Kid McCoy.
4-1; Wh'.tehead beat Klylr.R Fox. 4-3; Royal
FiUKh teat McKlnley. 4-2; Sir Tasha a bye.
Third round— Whitehead beat Hot Haste. 6-2;
S'.r PaFha beat Royal Flu*h. 4-3.
Jle-idir.r coarse— R. E. de B. Lopez &. Son's
W'bitehead <\Varatah-Little Wonder) beat F.
A. MrCnir.h's Sir Pasha (Emln Pasha-Pride of
the Valley). 10-1.
n»>*Prve Stake— J. Hurley's O K Capltr.l beat
J Hyrnps" Eleven Spot, 2-1; Curtis «i Son's
<">ndelarla b»at Krwln & Lyon** Silver Lyon,
4-2; J. J. Kenn-y'e Wlr.nlnc Lafsle beat J.
Hurley's Hurricane. 6-0; Russell. Allen & Wil
son's Julius Cae*ar b**t J. McNeil's niack
hawjc, 8-4; Aeneid Kennels' Apamemnon beat
T. I^ran's Leah. «-0: nusseJl. AHen & Wilson's
Belle Clalr bent M. J. Kelly's Night Time, 4-0:
J. M. Hal ten's Tic Tae beat Pasha Kennels*
Gold Nujrset. i-1; l'ai>ha Kecnrls* Rude Awak
er.inr beat F. A. McComb'* Little Pister. 5-0;
J Manenrt'f Flim J^at Curtis & Son's Anchor.
f-5: H. A. Detk'Jman'e Roeker beat J. I.
O'Brien's Wanderinc Tom. 4-0: Rterl &
Knowle*" r.T CAatJ b»at M. Dunlea's Krln. 5-4;
J. Mortarity's Kittleman beat J. Keenan's
Mira Mint' 3-2: R. E. de B. Lopere Sara beat
O. Fharman's Wait a Bit. 5-0; G. Pharmau's
Bowery Boy beat J. U, Rosb" JuFt Tipped. S-6:
.T. I. O'Brien's Ftatesman beat O. Sharman's
V.'ait a L:U!e S-2: J. L. Ross' T L H beat II.
A DeokWman's Knapshot. 4-S; Parkinson &
Murphy's ISptj bomond beat F. A. ilcConb'a
Patriot f-4; Pterl A- Knowles" Busty Gold beat
P Oonin's l>^ar Kinr. 3-0: I>. Winder's Ran
dom Aim bvat I^an<!e tt Gerber's Rlenil. 7-6; R.
K. fie II Lopez's Wanda beat Fterl tt Knowles'
Fleoty Mist. :4-0: Pterl & Kn^wies* O'Hara beat
»!us Abercr^mbie's Victor King. 4-1; frurtls &
Fon's Old Glory beat J. Mar-tenet's Bill Fos
ter 11-C- Erwln & Lyon's Silver Wlnps beat H.
A Deckelman's Glen Chloe, 6-1; P. J. Relllys
The Graft«r beat K. P- Whltinjr's St. Afcthony.
11-6- V Winder's Lund'.n Links beat J. P.
Thrift's Forrct. 5-J; W. Creamer's Onward beat
B Vilvrr's R"?.r.nex. S-l.
S»-ccnd rouna— -Candtlarlft beat O K Capitol.
C-S: Julius Caesar beat Wlnninir Lassie. 3-2:
I'.elle flair beat Aramemrson. 9-5; Tic Tac a
*>ve. Rude Awakening withdrawn; Rocker beat
Film. BW; For Glory beat Kittleman. 10-4;
Bowery Bov beat Sara, 4-3; Statesman beat J
L R. 5-2; Rusty G^.ld beat Ben Lomond, 4-1;
P.anrtoTn Aim »*>at Wanda. 9-1; O'Hara beat
old Giacr. S-*>: The Grafter beat Silver
31 -f,; Lur.dln Link? beat Onward, S-S.
Third round— Canfielaria beat Julius Ca»sar.
4-0; Ve'A* Clalr l*»at Tie Tae. 32-6: For Glory
rx^t n.r<ck<>r. 7-4: Ilnwwy Boy beat Statesman.
4-3; Hunty <; M heat Random Aim. 4-1; o'li&ra
beat ThtGrafter. 7-6: Lunfiin Link* a by<\
Fourth round— Candelaria beat Helle Clalr,
7-4; Tor Glory boat Bowery Boy, 3-0: Lundin
Links be»t Rurty Gold. 4-2: O'Hara a by*.
rifth round— For Glory beat Candelarla. 7-3:
O°!Ia.ra beat Lundin Links. 5-O.
l>eci<5ir.p roun» — Ftrrl & Knowles' For Glory
<Ft. Lawrpnoe-Fir^nzi) 8n<3 Fame owners'
O'Hara fHufty Cold-Wave) divided first "Smd
second money.
For Glory Divides the Heserre Stake
at Union Coursing: Park With
Her Kennel Mate,
O'Hara.
R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's
Dog Runs in Dashing
Style.
WHITEHEAD WINS
CHAMPION STAKE
FROM SIR PASHA
Following a profrramme of close and ex
citing races, Bohe in the deciding round of
the open stake at Ingleside Coursing Park
yesterday beat Mamie Pleasant In aa
pretty a course as has ever been run on
those grounds. There was no choice of
dogs In the betting and considerable
money was wagered on the result. Slipped
to a fast hare, the hounds shot up the
center of the field like a double team, un
til near the hare, close to the fence. Bohe
then drew out a length for the turn and
the dogs wore In a close mix-up until
Bohe made the kiil with a score of 9 JtO
6. Time ZS seconds.
Flower of Gold and Greenhall were
forced to run three courses before a de
cision was reached. Clarkson's dog: was
unsighted in the first, but joined in the
S chase and evened up the score. After a
1 short undecided Greonhall still showed
J speed and would havfl won but for a bad
; tumble. ...
I Singleton beat Morr.ir.gr Glory at 1 to 3^
i in a good race. The r.inner reached third
I money in the stake and throughout the
; day put up some s^ud performances.
Mamie Pleasant, the runner-up, showed
; herself a same greyhound. She was put
1 to the test in every race and took her
punishment in pocd shape. In the fourth
rour.d she beat Goiden Kule on the short
end. 'Shea's doj? led to the hare, but
'¦ Mamie oi:twcrkou her in a close score.
She followed this by beating Lexington
in a hard run and upset the talent, who
posted 3 to 1 against ker in a bye with St.
Mei^ii. Bohe \v;i.s not worked hard until
; she met SinplPton in the sixth round.
After making the lull she sighted a stray
hare and buth dogs were soon doing
stunts after the lively jack. Relief dogs
were at once turned loose and one of them
recorded a kill, but not before the hounds
were well pumpod ou t.
Firm Foe and Lottie M were withdrawn
from the stake in the fifth round on ac
count of severe work in previous runs.
Kittle V was beaten by Sweet Music in a
pretty race which was run in front of rhe
grand stand.
Following are the day's results, wlta
Judge P. J. Rtilly's oifle'ial scores:
Open =tak<\ second round— D. Toland"s Pleas
ant Girl beat J. H. I'erlpo's Controller. 3-2; J.
Suuon's Mayflower beat Bartels Brothers
liet=y Harrow. 5-1; D. K. Carters High Jink?
beat J. Holden's Scottish Chief. *-3; J. H.
Pf-rleo's Bohe beat RnBffH. Al'.on &. Wilson's
Ml=s 6-4; A. L.. Austin's Firm Vo*- b*at
J McEnroe's Admiral Sampson. 12-4; U. F.
Jacfc-"-.n f !> Ol'-n Elder boat J. Caveney'a Juliet.
7-4; Tl V Julian's Sweet Music beat A. Van
cVn BunCl Kitty V. 11-3; P. M. Clarkron'e
Flower ot" Goid brat Captain. Cane's Greenhall.
4-3- Bartels Hrothers' litst Bargain beat J.
Carroll's H'.u<»stone, 12-10; D. Tolands Twilight
Jr. beat J Kennedy's Wir.t- West. 5-0: Maher
& P.eld'B SlrgUton beat J. Edmonds' Morning
Glnry. T.-2- I II. t=mith'n Victor beat A. Mas
wy's Hot Stuff, S-2: II. Lynch's Lottie M beat
J R. Smith's* Jennie Wilson. 6-1; J. II. W,
Muller's Terror.a beat J. Carre.il> Ked Hind,
4-2; Huf?ell. AllPn tc Wilson's Daisy Claire
beat H. Handy' s Lady Hugo. ll->-. H. Lynch' s
Lexington t*"at J. Flower's Keystone, 3-2; Uar
tels Brothers' Berr Brewer beat D. Cronln's
Swinncrton. 5-1: P. Ford's Bonlta beat F.
Lendewip*«i Lady Garnett, 3-0; J. Farrell's
Cash Day beat J. Flock's Minerva, 4-2; T. J.
CronJn'B Ilose of Tralee beat C. Bonar's Froety
Morn i-2- Russell, AU'n *; Wilson's Palm
flower beat J. K. Smith's Magic. 6-1; (/Shea.
Broth-rs' Golden Rule beat C. Bonar's Wild
Norah 4-2; Connell Brothers' Mumle Pleasant
beat H. Lynch' s Emct M. 9-2; T. Tierney'a
Tea Rcse beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan. 4-0. ¦
Third round— Pleasant Girl beat Mayflower.
4-0; Bohe beat Hljrh- Jinks, 4-2; Firm Foe beat
Gl^n Elder. 2-1; Sweet Music btat Flower of
Gold. 7-3; Twilipht Jr. beat Best .Bargain, 4-1;
FlnRleton beat Victor, 4-0; Lottie M beat Ter
rrna, 8-5; Lexington beat Daisy Claire, 3-1;
B .nita beat Beer Brewer 3-2; <.Sish Day beat
Rose of Tralee 5-3; Golden RuVe beat Palm
flcwe-. S-0; Mamie Pleasant beat Tea Rose. 7-3.
Fourth round — Bohe beat Pleasant Girl, 3-0:
Firm Foe beat Sweet Mu»ic. 9-5; Singleton beat
Twilight Jr.. 4-2; Lottie M beat Bonlta, 8-G;
Lexington beat Cash Day, 2-0; Mamie Pleasant
beat Golden Rule, 6-5.
Fifth round— Bohe a bye:' Slnglflion a bye;
Mamie Pleasant beat Lexington, 8-1.
Ki^th round — Bohe beat Singleton, g-0; Mamie
Pleasant a bye.
Deciding round— Bohe beat Mamie Pleasant,
D-C.
Coursing at Ingleside Is of High
Ordtr and Patrons Are Satis
fied With the Day's Ex
hibition.
Mamie Pleasant, the Runner-
Up, Does Hard Work
in the Stake.
BOHE PUTS UP A
FINE RACE AND
WINS THE FINAL
Oakland 9, San Francisco 6.
Fireman Fitz played an erratic hos©
yesterday and couldn't put ai.ything out.
The Dudes burst forth in conflagrations
that KHz was powerless to stiflo and at
the outset of the gamo six of the* Brum
mels were sent over the rubber on all
kinds of pyrotechnics. There was blue
Hank Harris' Joy
Short-Lived and
He Falls Back to
Fourth Place.
FIREMAN "FITZ" COULD NOT PUT OUT
PYROTECHNICS SET OFF BY DUDES
Local Team Loses
the Morning and
Afternoon Games
to Oakland.
The multiplication of new compounds In
organic chemistry la something appalling.
In 1883 the total number of carbon com
pounds-recorded was 16,000, hut. a newly
revised list by Dr. M: M. Richter enumer
ates not less than 67,000. And the end
Bicyclists Ride a Dead Heat.
CINCINNATI, June 10.— The , twenty
five-mile motor-paced bicycle race be
tween .'W. A. Rutz of New Haven and A.
B. Stone of Denver to-day resulted in a
dead heat Time, 49:47 3-5. Owing to an
accident to Stone's pacing machine in
the opening of the " twelfth, ¦ the men
agreed to take up the same pace, chang
ing their positions each lap. At the quar
ter pole of the last lap the machine drew
away, leaving the riders to fight it out to
the wire.
on the VAllejo side of the straits. The
small boats started at 11 a. m.. ten min
utes being allowed within which to cross
the line and the actual time of crossing
being taken. Jhe Thetis crossed at 2 min
utes 36 seconds after 11 and the Cygnus
25 seconds later. Kef ore getting qut of
the straits White and Punnett's sloop
Siren Rained a lead and maintained it to
the end, beating the Thetis 10 minutes and
40 seconds, corrected' time. The Cygnm
finished only 2 minutes and 45 seconds
behind the Thetis, and the Catherine and
Surprise were -distanced. ¦ ... _*
The, starting time for class 1. was 12:30
p. m. and the first yacht across the line
was W. N. McCarthy's schooner Ramona,
which was followed by the Lurline, Nixie,
Chlspa and Aggie In the order named.
The Lurline finished first, but the Agsie
beat her. by the narrow margin of 11 sec
onds actual time, or 1 minute 55 seconds
corrected time. The prize in class 1 was
carried off byG. E. Billings* sloop Nixve.
whose corrected time was 13 minutes ¦ 56
seconds better than that of the Cnispa.
which took second place. The Aggie was
third, followed, by the Lurline and Ra
mona. The breeze was good for ilmost
the entire distance, and the sail through
San Pablo Bay ¦ was pleasant, tha water
being comparatively ;. smooth. .The offl*
clals were: Referee, L. Q. Haven; timers,
A. L. Padelford and W. G. Morrow
lurlges, William Mersfelder and R r
1'Hommedleu., In addition to the rj f i 7 es
presented by the club In each class the
owners of the schooners Lurline and Ac
gie raced for a flag, to be won by the beat
making the fastest sailing time over the
course, which is officially reckoned at 26
miles. . a ¦': ••*.-.'
A dozen boats of the San Francisco
Yacht Club sailed from Sausalito to Val
lejo Saturday afternoon and evening,
some starting as early as 3 o'clock and
others as late as 6 or 7. A steady breeze
carried the boats up in good time, the
longest trip being about three .hours. The
big schooners left their moorings early
in the afternoon, while the sloops Siren,
Cygnus, Thetis and Catherine wero some
hours later in getting under way.
Yesterday morning the yachts, divided
Into two classes, raced down from Vallejo
to Sausalito, class 1 including tha schoon
ers and larger sloops and class 2 taking
in the Bmaller ones. The starting line
was an imaginary one drawn from • the
receiving ship Independence: to W. J.
Wood's sloop Angela, which was anchored
The Aggie Beats the Lurline
by a Very Narrow
Margin.
NIXIE OUTFOOTS
THE FLEET IN
VALLEJO RACE
Foresters Have an . Outin:
Shoot at Live Pigeons and Clay Discs
on the Grounds at Ingle
side.
There wan a good attendance of gun
men yesterday at the Ingleside grounds.
The Olympic- Gun Club shot at live
pigeons for club records and In money
pools, while the San Francisco Gun Club
broke bluerock.3 for prizes and annual
scores. Following are the results:
Olympic Gun Club; club race; 12 birds; cham
pion class.
M O. Feudner... 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 212 1 2-12
Nauman 2 2 1 2 2 1 2 2 2 2 t J-12
Halght 1 22222*O12«2-»
Owens* A . 1 2211111111 1—12
Marshall' 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 1 2 2 2-13
Sweeney 2 1221021211 1— 11
Sweeney, back score 2 2222111222 1-12
"Slide 1 * 0 1211111121 1—11
H Kullman .: 2 2222222112 •— 11
Williamson 0 2212212202 2—10
Stone ..!; 1 2 0 10 2111011-9
Shultz 2 22220122 •• 2- 9
Soos ' * 1 2 1 2 1 2 2 2 • 1- S
J. Kullman 1 2220011111 '-9
Shields 1 -02-121210 2— 8
Second event; pool shooting at six birds.
Nauman 1 2 2 2 2 2-6
HalPht 5 2 I 2 2 2-«
Shields 2 12 2 1 2— «
Feudner 2 2 2 2 2 •— 5
Sands - 0 0 2 2 2-4
Oould 1 2 1 1 • 0—4
Roos * 2 2 2 1 2-«
Owens 1 2 11* 2— S
KInK 1 10 1* 2—4
J. Kullman 1 112 2 2— C
San Francisco Gun Club, 23 birds— Xauman,
25; M. O. Feudner. 24, 23; Kin*. 23; Schultst, 23;
Halght. 23; Recklefson. 22. 20; Klevesahl. 21;
Williamson. 20, 20; Dreyfus. 20. 15: Brockbank,
20, 18; Shields, 19. 17; "W1 E. Murdock. 18;
Wands, 17; Piel. 17; H. Kullman, 17; Well, 13,
16, 15; Hync», 16; Kwwney, 12.
Locket race at 20 birds— Nauman 20, Kleve
sahl 20, F. Feudner 20. Halght 19. Shultz 19,
Sweeney 19. Kins? 17. Shields 17. O. Feudner 16.
G. Kullman 16. Plel 15, King 12.
Money handicap— Nauman 20 birds, broke 20;
Klevesahl 22 birds, broke 20; F. Feudner 21
birds, broke 20; Wands 23 birds, broke 20;
Ilaleht 20 birds, broke 19; Schultz 21 birds,
broke 19; Shields 23 birds, broke 17: Scovern 24
birds, broke 17: O. Feudner 20 birds, broke 16;
Sweeney 24 birds, broke 18; Kin* 22 birds, broke
16; J. Kullman 29 birds, broke 13.
GUN MEN PUT IN A .
DAY AT THE TRAPS
Burrowing animals are driven out of
their holes or suffocated by a Callfornlan's
compound, which i3 formed of sulphur,
tar and petroleum applied to a fibrous, in
flammable material, being Ignited and in
serted In the burrow by a pair of slender
tongs.
Moody's Yacht Wins.
SAX JOSE. June 10- — Five yachts and
two schooners participated In the annual
regatta of the South Bay Yacht Club near
Alviso to-day. The route was over tha
channel course of about -ten miles, and the
Cisne, cwned by A. E. Moody, was tha
winner. Actual time. 2 hours. IS minutes^
corrected time, 1 hour, 51 minutes, Si
seconds. Sortniksen's Wanderer was
second.
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaiiq;hIln, 1. f 5 1 2 0 2 0 0
Devercaux, 3b... 1 0 1 0 2 1 0
Eapran. s. s 2 0 0 0 2 2 2
Hushes, p 4 0 10 0 3 0
Hanlon, lb 3 0 0 0 11 0 0
Stanley, c 4 1 10 5 1 0
Doyle, r. 1 3 0 1 0 *2 o 2
Shanahnn, c. f 2 " 2 1 0 3 0 0
Stultz, 2b 4 12 0 0 6 1
Totals ....23 u 9 0 27 13 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 0' 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0— fl
Base hits 00010010 1—3
.Sacramento 1 0 0 0 12 0 1 •— 5
Bate hits 0 0 0 0 4 2 0 1 •— 9
Runs responsible for — Harper 2. Two-base
hits— Morrow. Devereaux. Stanley, Shanahan.
Pacrlflce hits— Pace. Moore, Devereaux, Eapan.
Phanahan. Double plays— Morrow to Strelb;
Stultz to Eagan to Hanlon. Struck out— By
Harper 5, by Hughes 5. First base on called
balls— Off Harper 6, off Hughes 3. Left on
base^—Stockton 8. Sacramento 8. Time of game
—1 hour 55 minutes. Umpire— Graves. Scorer—
A. H. Harlln.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Strrlb, lb 4 0 0 0 9 0 0
Babbitt, 2b 3 0 0 0 12 1
Lockhead. s. 8 3 0 0 0 5 11
Pae<», c 3 0 0 0 5 2 1
McCarthy, I. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Moore, 3b 3 0 10 0 10
Courtney, c. f 3 0 10 110
Morrow, r. t 4 0 10 2 10
Harper, p 3 0 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 30 ~0 "3 "0 24 ~9 1
STOCKTON,
STOCKTON, June 10.— The Brewers
wiped out yesterday's defeat and shut out
the Stocktons to-day in the presence of
2000 people by a score of 5 to 0. Stockton
was outplayed, outbatted and outrooted.
Inability to land effectively on Jay
Hughes' vacuum-makers at critical points
of the game was the main cause of the
trouble. Score: ,
Brewers Defeat Stockton.
Runs responsible for— Bevllle 2, Ibunr 2.
Home run— PabPt. Two-base hits— Drennan,
Franeks, Bevllle, Levy, Punleavy, Reltz,
Hutchinson. Sacrifice hit— Mangertno. First
ba*=e on errors— Oakland 3. San Francisco 1.
First- base on called balls— Oakland 1, San
Franclfico I. Left on buses— Oakland 9, San
Francisco S. Struck out— By Bevllle 5, by
Ibun? 3. Double plays— Franeks to Dunleavy
to Hutchinson: Sullivan to Reltz; Beville to
Hutchinson. Time of same— 1:45. Umpire— J.
Donohue. Official scorer— H. S. McFarlln.
SUMMARY.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. c. t 5 0 2 0 3 0 1
Hil.lebrand. r. t 1110 3 0 0
SchwnrtE, 2b 5 0 114 10
Sullivan, c 4 0 0 0 4 2 1
Pabst. lb 4 110 7 11
Tleitz, s. 8 4 2 8 0 3 3 1
Levy, 1. t 4 12 0 2 0 0
Reilly, 3b ; 4 0 10 13 2
Iburg, p 4 0 0 10 1 1
Tota'ls ............33 5* 11 2 27 11 ~7
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 2 200020 0 0—6
Baf>e hits 33103300 0—13
San Francisco 0 30000110—5
Base hits ,. 04002203 0—11
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. c. f 5 0 1 0 1 0 0
lAnjre, 3b 5 1 2 0 0 1 1
Hutchinson. lb 5 2 2 0 7 11
Hardie. r. f 4 110 3 10
FVanrks. p. a ', 0 2 0 1 3 0
Mosk!man, I. 1 C 0 0 0 0 0 C
Dunleavy. 2b 4 1 3 0 7 ? 0
Manserino, c 3 0 0 0 6 2 0
Bevllle, p 4 1 2 0 2 1 2
Totals 49 6 13 0 27 13 4
SAN FRANCISCO.
OAKLAND.
In the sixth Lang" and Hutchinson
scored, winning the game for the Dudea.
ns after that Frisco sent but two men over
the plate — one in the seventh and one in
the eighth. The score:
ville's double. Bevllle f-cored on Sullivan's
error and Lange's hit.
The second wa» Frisco's star -Inning.
PabPt hit to right field, where the fence
was agreeable, allowing the ball to mount
it. and "Laper" scored a home run. Then
P.eitz and Levy got op the sacks. Reilly
was put on the benches, but Reltz scored
on a wild throw by IRitchinson and Levy
crossed the rubber on Brdckhoff's hit.
"Wind, light and weather conditions gen
erally combined to make yesterday aa
Ideal day for target shooting on the
Bhell Mound range. There were but few
of the principal . marksmen absent ajsct
good scores were the rule. During the
last few months there ha3 been a re
newed Interest In rifie shooting, for the
riflemen know that much practice Is nec
essary for the tournament that 13 to be
held here next year, at which local shots
will hare to stand shoulder to shoulder
with some of the finest marksmen of the.
United States.
In the San Francisco Schuetzen Verein's
regular monthly contest for class medals
D. B. Faktor carried off first honor* with
439 rings. J. Lankenau and S. Heino are
runninjc a close race for the high place
of the fourth class. Annexed are the best
ecorea in 20-shot 3trlng3 on the 23-ring
target:
Champion class. D. B. Faktor. 433 rings.
First class, not filled. Second class. William
Goetze, 400.' Third class. H. Sidling, 403.
Fourth class. S. Helno, 360. Best first shot. B.
Stettin. 25. Best last shot, F. Heosel. 25.
F. P. Schuster went to the front fn the
first champion class of the Germanta
Schuetzen Club with 22S rings In his 10
shot score on the class medal contest. All
of the high scores were good, as will be
seen by the following?
First champion class, F. P. Schuster. 223
rings. Second champion class, F. Rust. 213.
First Class, J. F. Bridges. 207. Second class,
W. Goetze. 200. Third class, S. Heine. 1S6.
Best first shot. F. Ruat. 25. Best last »hot. F.
P. Schuster, 23.
Several of the members of the Ger
munias Improved their scores on the re
entry match for the club's cash prizes,
three shots to -a ticket. John luschig
made 72. F. P. Schuster 70, IX B. Faktor
70 and F. Rust €3. '
There was a pretty lltth? race for high
place among the rifle shots of th& Golden
Gate Rifle and Pistol Club. D. W. Mc-
LauRhlin. F. E. Mason. A. B. Dorrell and
C. M. Henderson set off at a lively pace
on their 10-ahot scores on the 25-ring tar
get. Mason and McLaughlin are in the
champion class and Dorrell and Hender
son are rated as first class. A number of
good scores were shot in, but the best was
made by Dorrell, whose individual shots
were 23. 24. 24. 24. 24, 20. 21. 22, 21. 2*-228.
The other three were within one and two
rings of this and, taken on the whole. It
was an exciting race. Annexed are the
scores made during the day:
Rifle, 200 yards, Buihnell trophy. ten-»hot
wores. 25-rinsr target— D. W. McLaughlin. 227.
220 21S, 223: F. E. Mason. 226, 219, 224, 223, 223.
Gold medial— F. E. Mason. 21S; A. B. Dorrell.
•14 '16 '28
Silver medal— J. F. BriJf-cs. Ml. »£ 173: B.
Jonaa. 163, 168. 194: A. H. K'nnedy, 164.
Klrat-clasi trophy— C. M. Henderson 226.
Second-class trophy— J. Kullman. 194. 20a.
Pistol. SO yards. Standard American target,
ten-shot scores, all comers, pistol medal— J. E.
Gorman. 93: M. J. White. 92.
Stiver medal— J. F. Bridges. 70.
Revolver trophy— J. E. Gorman. 92, SG.
The regular monthly bullseye contest
of the Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club for
cash prizes drew out a goodly attendance.
F. P. Schuster was acrain the lucky man,
carrying off the big money with 189 points,
as shown by the measuring machine. The
prizes for best centers were won by the
following marksmen In their order:
F. P. Schuster 1S9, John de Wit 447. H. Hub*r
529. A. Lemcke 623, J. Gefkin 633, A. Morken
664. W. Gottschalk S31, H. Stelllns 94S. D. Sal
fleld 1037, F. Thode 1054. II. Hellberg 1103. F.
Koch 1146.
Three organizations shooting the mili
tary musket were out for their regular
monthly medal shoot. Their scores of ten
shots on the Blunt target were as follows:
Companies C and O (Nationals). First Restl
ment—William Menzel 31. H. J. Musjcrave 39.
L» W Grant 3T>, E. R. Armstrong 33, Thomas
McGllvray 33. F. J. Povey 41. F. Barrian 22. O.
Llpp 12. W. D. Grant 36, Lieutenant TV. Grat
tan 42. F. L. Doein* 20. J. Hyer 36. C. B.
Harding 3S. C. H. Mclntosh 13. A. S. Hatfleld
3S. P. J. Neumann 39, J. F. Norton 40. J. Vt .
Galbralth 27. E. F. Tooker 32. V. J. Garibaldi
30, H. E. Swain 20, J. S. Mulvey 26. T. G.
Bantz 31. Lieutenant G. J. Petty 39. Chris
Mever 45, Lieutenant J. N. Ross 33. A. J. Rud
dock 40, J. Gillies 42, C. McDonald 32. F. W.
Held 20, F. Kane 34, J. C. Roberts 34. A, E.
Anderson 43. A. H. Kennedy 41.
Company F. First Regiment. X. G. C.-Cap
taln Nippert 41. Lieutenant \ arney 34. Lieuten
ant Irvlnp 43. H. Conn 39. V. C. Meyer 9 3S.
M A. Nathan 36. A. M. Jones 27. H. N. Homer
25, C. Cleveland 37. C. Surryhnf- 32. H Doseher
S3, C. D. Cook 39, K. A. Milllcan 32. J. S. Slm
'"i'ndeienden^Rines-V. Bkowran 23 C I Jl^ r9 ° n
22. Lieutenant E. Moennln? 3S. C. Melerdierka
15 H. Marzolf 36. F. H. Schmidt 32, H. Goetjen
20 Sergeant G. Mitchell 39. J. H. Kuhlke 36.
Dr. W. A. Meierdlerks 38. C. Schne der 32 Cor
poral H. Frederickson 20. H. Meaner 30, C.
tiering 13, Sergeant C- Andrews 37. J. Heln
bockel 16. •
Many Western Shots Getting Beady
for the National Schuetzi
i bund Tournament Here
Next Year.
Lively Competition Among
the Marksmen of Golden
Gate Club.
SHOT WELL FOR
HIGH PLACES IN
RIFLE MATCHES
THE Ariel and the Pir>ne«>r rowiriff
clubs held a highly successful re
gatta at Long Fridge yesturduy. The
mornlnj? was cloudy and somewhat
dull, but the afternoon turne«l out fair,
the w»ier was smooth and salt:ible for
the oarsmen and swimmers. A Jtirge num
ber of spectators watched the many
events, whV'h were of short duration and
succeeded each other rapidly. The fo-ur
oared barge ra«~ between the Intermedi
ate- and junior «*rews of the Ariels was
won by th? Juniors. Good condition told
In their favor. The crews raised evenly
to the turn, the* Juniors comlns home ona
length ahead of their rivals. The winning
crew was- mad* up of A. Keffran, bow;
H. Foley, Xa 2; E. Smttb. No. 3, and II.
Luhrsen. srtroke.
F. Adams defeated L. Horton, A. Brown
and W. Harris In a fifty-yard swlnunlns
race.
The on© and a half mUo race for ths
Alp«rs medal, open only to members oC
the Pioneer Clufci, was easily won by C. I*,
Ochs. . '.ifi\
In the old clothes swimming raco J. A.
Geddes and Archie Taylor tied.
The special skJft race for the champion
ship of the Ariel Rowing Club, between
William McCausland and Charles Wilson,
was won by the former, who steered a
straight course and pulled in, better style.
A 22O-* ard awtmmins race was won by
Archie Campbell.
The four-oared barge race between
crews 1 and 2 of the* Pioneer Rowing Club)
was won by two lengths by crew 1. row
ing in the- new barge. The winning^creW
was made up of L. IMoel. bow; F. Ocelli,
No. 2; George La-wson, No. 3, ana W.
Lawson, stroke.
Archie Taylor was again the leader lit
a 300-yard swimming race.
The relay race in outrlgrser sklfra ana
the 220-yard swimming race were called
off. as were the novice s-wimminfr event,
walking the greased pole and the fancy
and trick diving.
The most exciting and closely contested
event of the day was the try-out between
the Wilson crew In the new barge of the
Arieb* and the Ochs crew la the new Pio
neer four-oar. The Pioneer crew won by
the narrow marsrin. of one-quarter of a.
length.
The race In shelU between E. Stenberf?
and Charles Wilson was won by tha
former.
I\ M. J. Kelly defeated X. McAullffe In
a special challenge race in outrigger
skiffs.
P. J. Enright officiated as starter, Wil
liam Growney as announcer, a^<1 J. T.
Sullivan, Leander Stevenson, C H. Smith
and T. J. Sands as Judges. J. Brenn.in,
W. H. Wall. W. W. Blaks and E. P. Mc-
Donough were the timers. The regatta
committee consisted of J. G. McGinni«3
(chairman). H. Foley. J. A. Geddes, W.
F. Harris and A. Brown.
MrCausland Defeats Charles Wil3oa
in the Skiff Bace, While
Stenberjj "Wins the Sh*ll
Event. , • • A.
PIONEERS AND
ARIELS HOLD A
JOINT REGATTA
Archie Taylor Wins Most
of the Swimming
. Events. .
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY/ JUKE 11, 19OO.
6
Snapshots at the National Game in Recreation Park.
Tne \rresiaio uuung \jiuo, composed of
members of Court Presidio No. 40, Forest
ers, of America, and Presidio Circle No.
268, Companions of the Forest of America,
held Its fifth anual picnic yesterday at
Fairfax Park. The affair was under the
management of the following commit
tees:
\ Arrangements — S. R. Masrulrp (chairman), A.
A. Weber. M. Bogga. Miss S. Stelmke. F*.
Steimke. May Cunningham. Mlsa Sacaulupi, "W.
j. Dolan.
Reception— J. Kenny, J. Schaff er, M. J. Ma
guire, C. Kehm, H. Tanner.
Floor — J. - J. Travers (loor manacer). A.
Weber. George Morriron. w. Marlow. C. Gnnt
ner. J. Rehm, C. I-.U t s, M. C^neo.
Games— J. J. Travers.
Prizes— M. J. Maenlre.
Raclns Time Starting Finishing Actual Corrected
NAME. Length. Allowance. Time. Time. Time. Time.
~~ • Class I. Feet. M. 8. H. M. S. H. M. S. H. M. S. H. M. S.
Nixie 33.83 / 29:5S 12:3S:31 4:32:24 3:G3:33 3:23:53
Chlspa 47.04 ' 18:0S 12:39:14 4:35:13 3:55:59 3:37:51
Ramona D0.43 13:27 12:34:15 4:24:f>6 4:O):41 3:47:14
Aggie 60.78 1:44 12:49:00 4:26:21 8:46:21 S:44:37
Lurline 62.30 Scratch. 12:38:30 -4 4:25:02 J:46:32 3:4S:32
Siren .".!?....". 28.10 14:22 11:03:42 5:03:23 6:01:41 5:47:19
Thetis 33.31 Scratch. 11:02:36 5:00:35 5:57:59 5:57:59
Cypnus 2O5 12:13 ll:0J:01 . 6:15:53 6:12:57 6:00:44
Catherine 28. 56 . 11:04:57 DlRtanced.
Surprise 27.85 | 11:05:42 Distanced i
Raclns Time Starting Finishing Actual Corrected
NAME. Length. Allowance. Time. Time. Time. Time.
~~ • Class I. Feet. M. 8. H. M. S. H. M. S. H. M. S. H. M. S.
Nixie 33.83 / 29:5S 12:3S:31 4:32:24 3:G3:33 3:23:53
Chlspa 47.04 ' 18:0S 12:39:14 4:35:13 3:55:59 3:37:51
Ramona D0.43 13:27 12:34:15 4:24:f>6 4:O):41 3:47:14
Aggie 60.78 1:44 12:49:00 4:26:21 8:46:21 S:44:37
Lurline 62.30 Scratch. 12:38:30 -4 4:25:02 J:46:32 3:4S:32
Siren .".!?....". 28.10 14:22 11:03:42 5:03:23 6:01:41 5:47:19
Thetis 33.31 Scratch. 11:02:36 5:00:35 5:57:59 5:57:59
Cypnus 2O5 12:13 ll:0J:01 . 6:15:53 6:12:57 6:00:44
Catherine 28. 56 . 11:04:57 DlRtanced.
Surprise 27.85 | 11:05:42 Distanced i
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailaj
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MKR2BACH. lawyer. BC3 CaL. Onal» frr-
COAC. COKB AND PIO IROX
T T WIT SOV R ffl WO Battery Street.
J. t- nIL3UU tt WU-, Telephone Mata 1S«V
COPPERSMITH. *
JOSEPH FOX. BuvU H. BX.YTH. M«r.
r W SMITH EhJ P PJnraWnff. 8team6omt and
W-n • JJlIllli ghip Work a specialty. II aad
18 Washington St. Telephone Main £641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TiS ROYFS £ fO S^PP^S Butchers, 10|
JA3' DUIEJ tt WU»ciay. TeL Mala 1291
LITHOGRAPHINO. *
Th* Union Lithograph Co., 335 Sanaome at.*
Artistic Lithographers and Printers. Govern-
ment Licensee for Imprinting o£ Revenua
Stamps.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Paetfia
Metal Works, 137-9 First St., San Francisco.
PRINTS 3.
E-C HUGHES. msISo^g'.a.y.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
23 First «t.. San Franctoca.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te! %d a ff 10 PARTRIDGE "jag**
WHITE ASH STE1M COAL, ¥5^Sla?£
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its OBEEX
RIVER COLLIERIES. 13 tha Best Coal In tt*
market Ofttca and Yard*— 45D Main itrtet.
§ visit OR. JORDAN'S great/)
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A g> 13S11U2XZ3SS. tat. &&*«&, SJf.Csl. 6
? Mr The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
A .jji^ World. AVeakaetses or any contracted A
V ffST*Su diseaw pe»ltl»e:je»ir«dhyt!>eotdsst £
(J( fjEsSUl Spcculistcat^c Coast. Est36yaarv tJ
A gURri} 08. JORSAfc-PBlVATE DISEASES 0
\ f (S3G?5l\ Co.wultation fren and stri't'r pri»»f-. \
A I xS^i/a 'f " «n«nt prrjon.-.liy rt hy letter. A M
V a (r sl if i**ft»o Cure in eitrj case undsrtaken. \
Awi f \\B, Write for Book. PBIIl.O»OF«ir«f A
" * I |V Mianuce. mailed vreb. ur
x Jl M. * valuable book icw THrr.) \
V DB. JUBDAH A CO., 105* Market St.. & F. r
DR. MEYERS & CO. j
Disea333 ani Wsabiess of Men. ?
731 MARKET ST.. S. F. Elevator Entrance. ?
? -~~. -m ...........
PureJjr TeBetahle. mll3 and reliable. Cau3«
perfect digestion, complete absorptloa and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladtler. Female Ir-
insularities, Slclc Headache. BUioussesa. Con-
stipation, Plies and all derangements of th •
Internal Viscera. ?3c a hox. At Drus;tit«. ot
fcy mail. RAD WAT St CO.. Ntw YarlpCAPTAIN GILLIN UNDER
MEDICAL TREATMENT
Suffering From Injuries Received
While Sergeant in Charge of
Chinatown Squad.
The many friends of Police Captain
James "SV. Gillln of the Mission district
•will grieve to learn that the popular guar
dian of the warm belt is confined to his
home from illnees. resulting from" an oper
ation undertaken to relieve an injury re
ceived while he was in charge of the
Chinatown squad as sergeant years ago.
L»urlngr his term of duty amonc the Mon
golians Sergeant Glllin met with a serious
accident by falllnp between two dead
walls a distance of forty feet, Injuring his
knee. Since that time tho limb has given
him considerable trouble, and recently Dr.
Sherman decided it would be necessary to
have an operation performed. The opera
tion was performed on Saturday, since
which time the patient has been progess
inz favorably.
The Mission district in temporarily in
charpe of Lieutenant M. ' Anderson, ' as
sisted by Corporal P» 5, Hagarty,
BICYCLIST INJURED
BY THE AMBULANCE
Kan Afoul of the Vehicle While It
Was on Its Way to the Receiv
ing Hospital.
William T. Coveler, a • sailor, while
drunk yesterday afternoon, was struck by
a team at Mongomery and Suttcr streets
and sustained a eevere lacerated wound
of the scalp. As It was thought he wns
fatally injured the policeman on the beat
nent in an emergency call for the hospital
ambulance. The driver of tlje vehicle,
acting under Instructions from the doctor
In charge, whipped up his horses. When
passing Fourth and Market Ous Haben
dek, a bicyclist, ran into the ambulance
and had his rij?ht leg bruised. Both men
were treated by Assistant Police Surgeon
Morrison. ?•:.
Its Fifth Annual Picnic Is Held at
Schuetaen Park and Is Largely
Attended.
The fifth annual picnic and reunion of
the Harmony Alliance of St. Patrick-s Al
liance of America waa held yesterday at
Schuetzcn Park. Two thousand people
enjoyed a day of dancing, games and
races. The contests resulted as follow:
Race for Eirls under 15 year»~Mlss E. J.
Johnson won. Katie Ganey "cond.
Race for boys under 12— J. Confer won. Joe
M i^ P ce y rSr C °Jlrf, und«r 18-Hattle Smith won.
B 1?ace m ror E 5>y. unTr 'tt-0. Hard, won. J.
men-Joe Sullivan won, C.
laaie—MlB* Hannan won.
Nellie Fmlth second.
Married ladies' race— Mrs. Burns won, Mrs.
"ita^for* married men— P. O'Brien won, Joe
Fat Tadiejr' race— Mrs. J. J. "Wren won. Mrs.
P. Pierce second.
Fat men 1 a race— W. Leonard won, J. J. Wren
eecond. . __
Football tune — Columbia* beat the Sham
rocks 1 to L
The success of the affair was due to the
following committees:
Arrangements— Frank A. O'Brien (chairman),
William Collins (upcretary). J. J. Dunne
t treasurer) Thomas McKoon. John Ganey. John
Noonan. C U. ghenhan. J. J. Sullivan.
Reception— C. J. Collins (chairman), P. Mur
phy. Thomas Fay, James Brock, John Gllbride,
John Kearni. DennU Fitzeerald, John Doyle
and Pan OolllnB.
Game* — U*nnl» Murphy (chairman). J. J.
¦Wren, J. J. O'Brien. M. I'. Corrldan, 8. N.
Leonard.
Floor— H. J. Caveney (floor director), J. J.
O"Brien (assistant). J. J. Wren, J. Heffernan,
George F. McCarthy.
HARMONY ALLIANCE
ENJOYS AN OUTING
ANNIVERSARY HELD
BY NORTH GERMANS
I>ay and Evening Spent In Innocent
Pleasures at Shell Mound
Park.
A quarter of a century ago the Nord
deutscher Vercln was organized in this
city and yesterday the anniversary was
celebrated at Shell Mound Park with a
day and moonlight picnic. The attend
ance was one of the largest seen at the
park for some time. At the gate it was
estimated that fully 3000 people were pres
ent, and the evening trains landed many
newcomers after the count had been
made. It was strictly a family affair, the
members taking their wives, babies and
other relatives to enjoy the outing.
Lrunchtime found ¦ hundreds under the
trees with their baskets, but Captain L,.
Slebe. the proprietor of the grounds, was
busy as well, for the majority decided to
partake of his hospitality Instead of both
ering with baskets.
Dancing was the main attraction for
many, but others found plenty of sport
in the bowling alley, where valuable cash
prizes were offered. There were also gifts
and prizes for the little ones and race*
and games for all. Taken on the whole,
it was a most successful outing, and the
success of the affair Is due to the efforts
of the following officers and committees:
President, H. Meyer; vice president, H. Stehn;
recording? eecretary, C. gchroeder; financial sec
retary. Carl Mueller: treasurer. Hennlnu
Thode- financial committee— F. Rathjens. A.
Hajredorn. Herman Barthold; committee of ar
rangementn-F. Rathjens, A. a. Hagedorn, H.
Miesner. E. Meyer, H. Thode: floor-August
Kroenke (manager). Otto von Borstel (assist
ant) F Goes F. Thod>. Charles Peters. K.
Ifoll'enateln; prizes— O. Sehlnkel St.. J. Sohl,
G Alpers. II. Gaetjen. William Gllndemann,
E. Ipsen, J. Dlcken; bowling— Henry Behlmer,
J. Miesner. J. Gefken. C. Moeller Sr.
Several New Features Are Added to
Chutes Bill— Fun at Sutro
Baths.
That quiet which In natural sequence
of events should prevail on the Sabbath
was unbroken by either accident or special
Incident at the park and beach yesterday.
Many pleasure-seekers were out and the
drive was large, but the disagreeable wind
turned the majority of the people home
ward early in the afternoon.
Several new features have been added
to the many at the Chutes. Two baby
jaguars from South America, the stuffed
form ot Beauty, whose long mane and
tall made him famous throughout the
country and Frank Hall's act with Wal
lace, the Chute's lion, have been added to
the feature list. _
The attendance at Sutro baths was un
usually large yesterday. The first event
on the aquatic programme was won by
E. McKenzie. G. Walcott carried away
the second prize. The results of the
other contests follow:
100-yard dash— P. Rielly won, A. Kay
seeond. „ ¦ „ .
Tub race— P. Sundberg won, L. Gaaters
second. E. Wall third.
High diving— L. Rico won, W. Carroll
Se Spring-board diving — Charles Irving
won, C. Jones second.
Under-water swimming contest— John
Anderson won. G. Irving second.
100-yard linal — F. McKenzie won.
TOOK A SHORT RUN
OUTSIDE THE HEADS
Naval Beserve Ship Marion Has a
Taste of Blue Water of
the Ocean. ; -.'1
The Marion poked her nose out through
the Golden Gate yesterday and took a
Bhort run out in' the. Toller* beyond the
heads. It was the first time the old ship
had ventured beyond the limits, of -the
bay I or. a long time, and she seemed to
enjoy her freedom as she wallowed In the
swells and tossed herself about like an
overgrown porpoise. •
The occasion was the Inspection of the
vessel by the State authorities, and Cap
tain James took advantage of the oppor
tunity to carry , the inspectors out into
blue water for a ilttle way.
Lieutenant Colonel Hosmer and Major
General Dickinson were the inspecting of
ficers. They were accompanied by Colo
nel Miles and Major Schmidt. It was ex
pected that Captain Glass, commanding
officer of the Pensacola, would be of the
inspecting party, but he was ordered- to
Mare Island at the last moment-
A course was first laid for Red Rock,
then turning, the old ship waa brought
down through Raccoon Straits and out
through the heads. Sne Is Just light
enough for work outeide and she rode the
seas like a duck. She had some of her
fore and afters set and they steadied her
a bit, and for over an hour she disported
herself in -the swells of the bar basin.
.Then she turned back to tha harbor and
anchored" at her old berth" off Folsom
street without accident
PLEASURE SEEKERS PASS
QUIET DAY AT THE PARK
An Immense Throng Visits Mirabel
Park for >\ Day in the
Hedwocds.
More than twenty-seven hundred" Woo<i
mon of the World. Women of Woodcraft
end thrir friends attended the picnic
Mirabel Park yostf-rday. After a delifibt
ful ride to the redwood grove, the .sun
which during the forenoon remained hid
came out from Its obscurity and made
everything bright and cheerful. After
lunch under the umbrapeous p'nes the
picnickers amused themselves as fancy
dictated. Following are the names of the
winners of the prizes at games:
Uo>«' race— Harry Brown wen, Abe Rannel
f • i.d.
C8ir!« # race— Be«*le Berlin won. Marguerite
Miller bP<^ond. ...
Vouns ladies' race— Dtlia Schuster won. Alice
nice Tor "bo ye 12 to 15 years— J. O'Brien won,
Oar«on of Ulnlen Camp
Ml. Jule eplilcr or Tamalpala r Camp second.
Memt#rt' wivee' race-Mr*. H. L. Mlchelsen
•ron, Mrs. J. K. Williams second.
Your.g men's race— George Corey won. iiaipn
?g£??«r"£S£!i 1.41*. « to M-K.U- Gr»dy
won Olla k»>li>- pecond.
Three-lfcKPed rart-E. H. Cooper and U
Brhareu WSJ. Jack Lang and Jacfc V,ard eec
tir.d
Kat ir.en'i race— II. Pj le wen. A. Neuman
**?« izdlc-- race— Mm. K. Goeland won. Mary
Jt&sxtca spcond. . ,.,
Ccmn:ittf<? rare— F. Tlarrtay of Wrftern Addi
tion Camp won. J. Magce cf Calumet Camp
riirc for TVr>?TiPn of Woodcraft — Mrs. A. T.
lx>ve won. Fybil liianchini second. •
Married ladW r.-u«— Mrs. H. E. MIchaclsen
won, >ln>. J. B. Williamson second.
Loe-eawmR contest: This event was raw.n*
throuch a l<>e nixtetn inches in diameter by
ivJa rorn mritH a crosscut nw. There were
iiirht cntri'-*. Rn-1 »iwr». liiack and B^ach
vJfn tirne - r 7 r^concSs; Heffertn and Smith «ec
ond' 1 minute * seconds: Kharr and l'lcrson
thlr'l. 1 mir.uti U 4-5 teconds.
The committees under whose auspices
the outing was conducted were the fol
°Ocncrml— A- J. V>'.r.»rt 'chairman). Ell Gor
<!<-n (vice chairman). I'. II. Savage (treasurer),
H L tsiringcr twerrtaryj. 1"- 1^- Tetter, T. I\
I*«tton Robert Gordon. \V. B. WllBOn. K. J.
Srta K. W. Rail. O. A. TveHmoe. A.
w"ii C. UazclrigK. W. L. Vina!, H. Jlart-
Ipy i' E. Bennett. J. Heancy. A. G. GllBcn. \V.
J Miller A. G. Frank?. V. Haruy, W. J. Dl*ls-
SpII J F" F.all. L. Vincent.
Itw-otion— J. T. CaBey. H. F. Ah!«trom. G.
W ranphfU. C. Ptraub. W. H. CrwiP. J. Spll
£-' Jo"n Cnlvln. S N. Crown. F. F. Carson, T.
>vin 'J Mallady, J. Mc'Jee. T. J. Mahoney.
Funr Vr 1?. \vilM>n. floor manager; W. J.
T'lalprtell a»i»t«nt floor manager. Grarral av
iinnr.tF:' J. FUzjrfrald. E. II. Sheper, .S. 11.
h'tpwart 1". I*. Swan. M. Nfuman, Cbariec
Fanborn. Charles Ambrose. J. S. Patientm. .
The excursionists were delayed more
thrri lialf an hotii* on the return to the
C ltv The thre« Fections of cars had been
run 'to a point above Green's Station. Ae
?he first section 6tarted south and was
Crossing a trestle the rails spread and
«ne of the empty cars dropped on the
trestle beams. There was no ereat dam
age to the trestle and no one waa hurt,
Lut Ibe delay was vexatious.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD
HAVE A GRAND OUTING
lord Jt over God's heritage. Ordinanlr
the atmosphere of adulation In which a
bishop lives is very conducive to compla
cency. For once a man becomes a bisnop,
everything he does takes on a fictitious
value. A bishop never preaches a poor
fermon. Perish the thought! A bishop Is
made "f different clay from his fellow
Methodist preachers. A month at general
conference is a healthy thing for many or
our bishops. St. Paul needed to nave a
thorn In the flesh lest he should be ex
alted above measure, and perhaps the
general conference sometimes serves a
like purpose. , , ,
-The truth is that the political and ar
bitrary actions of two or three bishops
has caused a widespread disaffection, ana
bishops whose conduct is abovo criticism
have had to suffer from It. The bishops
are no longer allowed to choose their own
appointment, but are assigned to It like
other Methodist preachers, und the taking
away of the life tenure and restrict
ing each bishop to a diocese Is sure to
come In the near future."
Dr. Dille declared that the removal of
the "time limit" upon pastorates would
tend to upbuild the church In the cities
and to compel better service from the
cleriry. He believed it would result in
more changes in pulpits than took place
under the time rule. In concluding he
said Methodism needed more than a great
eccleslasticlsm. It needed flre and divine
spirit from above.
COURTS WILL DECIDE
THE DALTON CASE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 10.
The wrangling over the indictment of
County Assessor Henry P. Dalton seems
to have petered out or the wranglers have
taken a Sunday off. There have been no
charges by any one to-day that Grand
Juries were being used to railroad any
one out of or into Congress. The people
have settled down to waiting for the ver
dict of the courts as to whether the Grand
Jury is right about the County Assessor
or the County Assessor Is right about the
Grand Jury.
The members of the Grand Jury that
found the indictment are among the
most responsible and highly trusted resi
dents of Alameda County. The breath of
suspicion has never been pointed at one
of them. On the other hand. County As
sessor Dalton has always stood as a
county official who has always done hia
duty. Now nineteen of the best citizens
of Alameda County have found the Ab
sessor guilty of destroying public records
and have indicted him therefor. They
have also found him guilty of failing to
do his duty in order to protect himself,
and they have ordered him removed from
office.
The County Assessor says that these
nineteen men were swayed by political
prejudice in making these charges. The
grand Jurors reply that they were swayed
only by the facts. The public is waiting
to -see what the outcome will be. No
move can be made until Wednesday, when
County Assessor Dalton will appear In the
criminal department of the Superior Court
to plead to his Indictment. Mr. Dalton
has employed Fitzgerald & Abbott as his
attorneys, and from now on it will be a
fight arid a fight to a finish.
Struetur3 to Be Erected at Valley and Church Streets.
PLANS and specifications have been prepared by Architects Shea & Shea for
the new church of St. Paul, at the corner of Valley and Church streets, in
this city. The design shows a beautiful structure of Gothic architecture.
Rev. Father M. D. Connolly, pastor of the church, has already started the
foundations, which will be of concrete, brick and granite. When completed the
total cost of the edifice will not exceed $oO,0(»0, owing to the careful management of
Father Connolly, who gives his personal supervision to the construction, purchase
of materials and employment of labor. The structure will be 70 feet wide and 140
feet long, with a seating capacity of 900. and will be ready for worship in one year.
The* church is of picturesque outline and simple detail. Lofty spires flank the
outer portals and well-proportioned gables project and emphasize the transept
portions. The roof will be of slate and the side aisle walls are pierced with large
windows and richly decorated with dormer ornamentations. Each gable possesses
a large and elegant rose window, which affords grace to these special features of
the church exterior. ... „
. The interior is planned with side aisles, which have vaulted ceilings of equal
height supported upon slender columns, from which spring arches which follow
continuously around the entire church. A special feature of the Interior design is
the inclined floor and elevated sanctuary, permitting easy and unobstructed view
from all parts of the church. The sacristies are very spacious, and the arrange
ments for placing stations of the cross, confessionals, baptistry, access to gallery
and all other fixtures, including the pulpit, are admirable. The covered and artistic
front portico with triple arches and clustered columns is approached by wide
granite steps.
Accommodations will be provided in the church edifice for the several societies
connected with the parish, including the Holy Name Society, with a membership
of ISO: Young Ladies' Society, 100 members; Holy Angels' Sodality, 110 members;
St Vincent de Paul Society, for the relief of the poor of the parish, 150 members,
and the League of the Cross TemperanceSociety, 200 members.
Servant— Come quick. Mr. Slowman.
your wife's mother has fallen into the
cistern. Mr. Slowman — Oh. well. It won't
hurt her. The water Is soft.— Chicago
News.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
SCNTJAY. July 10.
Scl:r Bender Bros, Wetzel. 4 days from Flsh
ermans Bay.
Ger bark J C Pfluger, Hoever. 23 days from
Honolulu.
DOMESTIC rORTS.
COQUILLE RIVER— Sailed June 10— Schr Jo
seph and Henry, for San Francisco; schr Con
nanza. for San Francisco.
DRAYMAN'S INJURIES
RESULT IN DEATH
LIVERMORE. June 10.— Stephen Moyle.
a drayman whose skull was fractured by
the collapse of a pile of iron water-p!pe
under which he. waa working, died at 1
o'clock this morning. The accident oc
curred yesterday morning. Coroner Mehr
mann will hold an inquest Tuesday even
ing at the branch morgue in Livermore.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
/ 111S Broadway, June 10.
A quarrel about a stove boiler caused a
shooting affray in West Oakland's White
chapel district this morning, the result
of which was the arrest of Dr. J. A. Am
brose Sander on a charge of assault to
murder, with the incidental narrow es
cape of James Dickinson, a colored saloon
keeper, from death.
Each man claims the other was the ag
gressor in the tight, which occurred be
tween them in a restaurant at 1705 Pacific
street. ¦
Dr. Sander exhibits a badly bruised
scalp and a battered " high hat as
evidence of Dickinson's lively drub
bing with a crutch, while the
negro points to a bullet hole in the wall
and says the missile from Sander's pistol
missed him by a hair's breadth. Dickin
son declares that the belligerent physician
used Mrs. Dickinson as a shield and fired
at him from behind that living bulwark.
Some time ago Sanders lost the proper
ty where the shooting took place by fore
closure of a mortgage. Dickinson bought
it in at a commissioner's sale. The doctor
failed to redeem and a clear title went to
the colored man. Thtre were a lot of
personal effects in this house not covered
by the mortgage and Sanders made sever-
Row With James Dickinson, a Col
ored Saloon Man, Over the Re
moval of Personal Effects
Leads to Shooting.
Beaten by a Cripple With
Crutch, the Physician
Uses Weapon.
DOCTOR SANDER
GOES PISTOLING
IN WHITECHAPEL
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 10.
"There is nothing in these stories of
retirements." ;•
This is the way in which President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler to-day disposed of a
number of rumors about the impending
retirement of the University of California
instructors.
It would seem from these rumors that
nearly everybody from Professor Joseph
le Conte down is to be removed from his
position in the insitution of learning, but
somehow President Wheeler docs not
agree with rumor in this matter. The
president, who has supreme authority in
6uch affairs under his agreement with
the Regents, contents himself with this
simple announcement, but adds:
"If there are any changes to be made
they will be announced In due time to the
Regents."
There have been plenty of rumors of
changes to be made by President Wheeler
before the next semester, but these ru
mors have been without any foundation
except the general expectation that Presi
dent Wheeler had some radical plans for
the rearrangement of the University fac
ulty. These rumors have been springing
up at regular intervals since President
Wheeler took charge, but they have never
materialized.
As a matter of fact it is the general
opinion that the rumors have been start
ed by some of those interested with the
object of creating a sentiment against
changes should any be contemplated. The
circulation of the story of the retirement
of Professor Joseph le Conte lends color to
this statement, for there is no man at the
State University more secure than "Pro
fessor Joe," who holds the respect of
every student and the admiration of every
professor.
But President Wheeler says he has no
changes in contemplation, and if he did
have he would probably make announce
ment to the Regents before ordering them.
President Wheeler has been seeking the
co-operation of the old staff and it is not
likely that he will make any changes
among those who have built up the State
Institution. If any changes are contem
plated stories about the retirement of such
men as Professor le Conte will do more
than anything else to create prejudice
against carrying them out.
University Pcsident Adds, However,
That if Retirements Are to Be
Ordered Regents Will Be No
tified Beforehand. \
Le Conte Story Started to
Cause Feeling Against
Changes.
WHEELER SAYS
NO REMOVALS
ARE EXPECTED
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
UiS Broadway, June 10.
"Tho most radical and revolutionary
general conference in the history of the
Methodist church, was tho way cr.e bishop
described ihc Chicago gathering," said
Itev. B. R. Dille. pastor of the First
Methodist Church, this evening during an
exhaustive review before his congregation
of the work of that great quadrennial as
semblage of churchmen.
Dr. Dillo'g discourse, in part, follows
"When this FuLject of equal ministerial
and lay representation was before the an
nual conference 1&.2T0 ministers voted for
equal representation and 1,120 against it;
but when the general conference concur
red there was not a dissenting vote. That
shows that the ministers are now, as ever,
vttUas to share their power with the
laity, up to l^TZ the ministers held all
the power in our church, and need not
have shared it with anybody. Indeed,
when lay representation was first proposed
the laymen voted it down; but when the
time was npe the ministers welcomed the
laity to their chief councils with open
iirms.
"Ths first action of the general con
ference, consummated before noon of the
first day. was the keynote to the progres
sive spirit of the whole session. The con
ference seemed determined from the lirst
to give Methodism a programme for the
new century worthy of tee century and
the church.
"The general conference of 1900 came at
a criilcaJ time in the history of our
church. The Methodist church, which for
a century had been the church of the com
mon people, had not been reaching the
people as formerly. It was actually fac
ing a sma.ll decline in membership. In
xnar.y quarters it was more than suspected
that the black waters of worldliness were
inundating her life and putting out the
tires on her altars; that there was a strong
trend to officialism and self-seeking in her
ministry, and that we were in the after
noun and approaching the sunset of
Mc-thodiem. But the recent conference
i^me like an ocean breez« on a sultry day
and cleared the air.
•'The general conference demonstrated
the growing democratic spirit of Method-
Ism. Hitherto there had been too much
power atop and too little responsibility on
the average man, whether layman or
preacher. We have been governed over
much and not self-governed enough. Well,
the admission nf lay delegates on equal
terms, the giving the lay electoral confer
ences a right to vote on all constitutional
que-Mions. the requiring that class leaders
thall be approved by a vote of the quar
terly conference thus making it impos
sible for a preacher to pack his quarterly
conference, permitting the membership of
the church to vole for trustees — all these
arc straws which show the way the wind
blows.
"The change in the constitution admit
ting women to the general conference is
another step in the direction of making
the Methodist Episcopal church a dem
ocracy, and thus bringing it into harmony
v. ith the American spirit and the spirit of
the nineteenth century.
"The first (run of the campaign of re
trenchment and reform fired by the laity
was the resolution adopted oarly in the
Bessioo providing that no bishop or gen
eral confer* nee oflicer should receive any
thir-s' above actual expenses for his ser
vices in dedicating and reopening
churches, attending college commence
ments and such like ecrviccs for the
eh"r< hcs.
"It v.-as well known that there had been
very crave abuses on this line In very high
Quarters, and that bishops and general
conference officers whose time belonged
to the church had charged large sums for
dt-dicatiwr struggling churches and at
tending college commencements.
"Our church rccopnizcp. too, that in the
life tenure and the irresponsible power
of the Episcopacy thorp lurks a subtle
j. rr>?,:rition. and that while human nature
remains as It Is the possession of irre-
Fp'insllile power ten<is to make men pomp
ou?, haushty magisterial, tyrannical;
and the quadrennial conference serves as
a wholesome reminder to some of them
ihat thoir brethren did not lift them to
the high place they hold that they might
Beviews the Great Quadrennial Con
ference and Extols What Was
Termed a Revolutionary and
Kadical Assemblage,
First Action by Methodist
Laity Applauded by
Rev. E. R. Dille.
REFORMS ABUSES
IN EPISCOPACY
OF THE CHURCH
al trips to the place to arrange for their
removal. The doctor's story Is as fol
lows:
I went down there this morning with
William Kelly to disconnect a stove and
I found George Morton there in charge.
He refused to let me touch it and while
we were wrangling Dickinson came
along on crutches. He called me vile
names and hit me twice on the head,
stunning me. To scare him I flred a shot
in the air from my pistol. 1 did not intend
to move anything away that did not be
long to me."
Dickinson's version made the stove
boiler the object of disturbance. He
-laimed it as a portion of the house fix
tures, while the doctor demanded It as a
portion of the personal effects to which he
was entitled. The colored man declares
that Sander and he mixed and the crutch
was used in defense, Dickinson being
crippled from an Injured ankle.
After that row, according to the negro,
Sander left the place, but returned in a
few moments, ran behind Mrs. Dickinson
and fired at her husband, after poking
the pistol under her arm. Before a sec
ond shot could be discharged, Morton,
Dickinson's handy man, disarmed the doc
tor. The police were called, but Sander
was not arrested until he had reached
his offices at 908 Washington street. The
doctor asserted that a mob of colored men
surrounded the house during the row and
he reared he would be maltreated unless
he used his pistol.
STATELY EDIFICE FOR
ST. PAUL CONGREGATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1900.
An example of patient industry is the
sorting of hogs' bristles as it Is carried
on at Tientsin, China. Each one of the
hairs of the 600,000 kilograms exported
from that place In 1897 had to be picked
out, measured and placed in the bundle
of hairs of corresponding length: and the
different lengths by which the hairs are
sorted are numerous.
7
PICNICKERS HIE THEM TO MOUNTAIN AND SEA
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'. Steamers leave Broadway
v wharf, i?an Francisco:
lKibfc,,^ For Alaskan i>ort»— 11 a. tn..
l«*5l&w June 10 . 13 - 10 - K . 30 - July 5 -
MSafjr>g>ajfc. Change to company's steam-
JHir C^iV^ra era at Seattle.
p^tS*l For v lctorla. Vancouver (B.
£Jm^l^**&\| C.}. Port Townsend. Seattle.
f*^*»BaflB|KJ|l Tacoma. Everett. Anaeort^s.
and New Whatcom <Wa»h.)—
11 a. m., June 10. 13. 20. S3. JO.
July 5, and every fifth day thereafter: change
at Seattle to this company's iteamers for Alas-
fca and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N\ P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 10 a. m.. June
12. 17. £2. 27. July J. and every fifth day
thereafter, i.
For Santa Crux. Monterey, Ban Simeon. Cay-
ncos. Port Harford (San Luis Obtuno). Oavlota.
Fnnta Barbara. Ventura. Hneneme, San Pedro,
nast San Pedro (Los Aneeles) and Newport—
9 <t. tn.. June 8. 12. IS. 20. 24. 23. July X. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los An^elps and Redondo (Los Angeles) — 11 a.
m.. June 10. 14. IS. 22. 28. JO. July 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The comoanT reserves the right to change
stenmers, tailing dates and hours of sailing
wlthovt previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
str«V fPn»«ce Hotel). \
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen.. Airents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FORTI-.A.2SriD
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC $12 First Cla5* Including Berth
rftriL $8 Second Cln*» and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Balls
June 12. M. July 2
COLUMBIA sails June 17. Z1. July 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through ticket* to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agrent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
COMPAGSIS GENERALS TBARSATLA5TIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^
Palling evefy Thurxday Instead of &j¥r*
Saturday, from November 2. 1839. at
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North Blver. foot of
Morton st. L.A LORRAINE. June 14; LA
CHAMPAGNE. June 21: L'AQUITAINE. June
2S: LA TOURAINE. July 6. First class to
Havre. $65 and upward; S per cent reduction
on round trio. Second clans to Havre. S45: S
per rent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadwnv (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FTJ6AZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
BAT AND Kl VlSlt STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "M«ntco!l»."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.: 8:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier N'n. 2. Telephone Main 15C3.
FARE 50c
BAILROAD TBAVEL.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
',. : 3v ; ; . Via Sausatlto Ferry. .
/ Commenclns* April 22. 1909.
ntOM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAXXSTt
AND 8AN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. *8:S0. t:I0. 1140 a. as.1
11:45, *l:i&, l:M, i.U, •5:14. «:«, 1:40 jk m.
EXTRA TRIPS-Fcr Mill Valley and Baa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at S:00 and 11:35 p. tn.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, »J:CO. •»:»» •18:00. 11:00. ll:»e
a. m.; i::4J. •!:». 2:10. -3:45. t:00. t.-OO. 7-Je
p. m.
11:10 a. m. does not run to Ean Rafael Su»*
days.
Trains marked J*) run to San Quenttn.
FROM 8AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK- DATS— «:35. •»:», 7:fiO. «:40. »lo:U a,
d.: 12:30. 1:15. 1:15, «3:30. 4:30. S:J0j>. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednee<xars
and Saturdays at *t:4S and 10:23 p, m.
SUNDATS-«:16. »l:00. *»:S0. ni:00a, m.- 'W.-O*
m.: i:oo. 2:15. n-.n. 4:so. »j:«. «-.«5. 7:»dL iaj«
p. tn.
Train* marked (•) start from San Quentln,
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-6:M. 1:45 1:00 »:5i. 1O:J» »,
«.: 11:15. It45. 1:45. J:». i:80. i:l0 p. m.
EXTRA TKIPS on Ifondars. WednesUaxa
and Saturday* at 7:10 and 10:10 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— «:^. 1:06. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.: uos,
l:» 1:30, 3:45, 4:&5. 1:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. waek days— Caaadero and way sta-
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazaflero and way na-
tions f
5:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays txceptsd)—
Point Reyee and way sUtlona.
I 8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadtro and way «ta~
tlons. •
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes aaa wmj*
¦ ¦ ¦"*
=~r -— — — —
TtATT. - Rr>4p THAVZEb •{
WCniM PACIFIC MIFlfii
(FAotrio •rirrsM.)
Traim !•«*•> •%•••• mrm <!••• •• arrlf* ••
* MAN rit A MCI »«•«».
,'ilain Line, root of Mark*! 3Uoel)
lkati - From Mat 13. 1300. - atrH
•7:09* B«rncta. S.iUun, Elmlr*. V»«»rntat
Runi»ej *ad 3»cr»in«mo ......... TrSav
•7:00* Shut* Kxorra-D»Tls. WlUUmi(fo»
BkrUett SpriopX WUlova, K«X
BJufl. Portend. 1t*3r
•7iS*a MarUtias.9anltkiooo.Vkllajo.KaD*.
Cali«t<>»» ami S»nl» Ko«« *««13»
•9:O« a Diiia. WoodUod. Ko!«ht§ Laadinc
Marntille. ororlllo. «7M3»
•SiOO* AtUotlo Kxprras-Ofdea aod Km! # U*»3a
•¦i3u* .San Jum. U>«rnior«. HUwkknu.
Ion*. !4a«¥»»ieuto. Placer»tll^
M*ryitUl«. Cbieo. Ke.l ItluiT HilJf
•*i3Oa Oskda-K CoinsM (for TguottiX '~ ._
SiuimCMMn. Ml1»r
•»:OOa naiwarda. Sil.-n aod Wij HUtion*. *l I J *»*
•SsOUa Lo« An««le» Eiprew — Martina.
Truer. Laliirop. rttocitou. Meronl
udfrmt ***??*
•9:SHt ValUlu. Martin** aail Wi» .Itetioaa •••-«»»
•IO:«»a Tho OrwUud Umlt«l-Ogd«n. Dm-
Ter. Omaha. Chicagi 'Oiia*
•II1OO4 Nllea. Utermor*. MMckten. 8a«r»-
m-i.t~ Mondota. ll«u(urd. TUaila.
fortarilli* -.. ******
•l*i*«M H./warJs. Slit* and Way SUttoo*. **»«**
tl:«»r 8»eram«uU> Kl»«r Steamer* 1*'°" *
•*iO«r Haywanlii. NU« and Way SUUom. *»t*aw
Mi«Or Marttiiin, Han lUnnn, Vall«]o.
N»l>». U«!i«i.>«-i«. f>»ii»a Itma •»!!»*
•lioor n-.,icl». Wtntera. Haor«m«r*a.
Woffllaml. KniKhla l^udllt.
MarinttlU, Orottll* •!•!«*
MilDr NIl«.Han Jn«an.l8»ocltOD *?llS»
•J:UUfT!.« Owl r.imltwl-lraer. Frfoao.
DakvrsaeM. Manftia fur Santa Ba*-
bar». l*m Ancelea. *•«*»»
•9t6Or rrwi-.a I'assencer— Marttoca. Lath-
rop. duickton, Me»ee«l t Ber«ad»
(riaymond for YowruiHi). lfr»«ia. *lttlSV
•AiSOp Kew >I»*of Expre««-Uali«r»»«IJ.
HkMto !:*?»>•!», l.o» Angclca. D»o>>
lui. Kl Pa»o. }<•• Orlaaua aud
Raat *•'«»
•3iS*r Haute tm II<mi>.«- Allan Uo BiprtM
f..r Mojato «.»•! K«.t *«l49r
••i«Mip nar»ard>. Nile* and .tan Jo«» .^'U*
tn-.O«i V*lleJ» «l«il«a>
•«i««r Oriental Mall - OgJon. Cb*j«BD«.
Omaha. Chteagit. — - •11»«»A
•«:»Or Oriental M»M-md»a. Denvtr.
Omaha. Chidtfa Hllor
piOOr VallrJ... t*«M <;•««• ami W|| H»a-
u.,,. • „ r»»a*»
••it»3r Krcii.n awl l.'allf ¦mil Kt|>rm.Haa-
¦¦ lit Uarjatill*. Re<Mlii K .
|-,.,t;..,.|. l-iift ¦•< I an.t Kaat *>l!84
COAST UirislO.1 (Narrow Vaag*).
(r"n».t of ll^rk-t St»«et.l
t7r43« Banta t.'ru* Eiciiraiot. for HanU "~
Crta and Trliiolyal Way rtt.»:iont X»««»r
•Slid* N««afM>*trrtll!».*»n .<<*•>. KrlUm.
Mo.ii.lerCr>-eli.fi»<«!aOr«»»isaWay
Kutlona ••i»»F
t9alSr Newark. O«'il"t»lll». Kan Jum, New
Alniadeu. Ttilton. lUnl.ler V.n«k.
RanU Cm* au-1 rrli:cU>al Way
HwUona *!* I 2J*
'•<tl.Tr Newark. Han Joae. Is* Oalo« •»..•»•*
jl:|.trG] e nw.»»V Feltoo. Panta Crux
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fttaSlI niittSl»-r«l if H>rtit Strut ($:!»»)-
•7-15 9 00 11 00».u. |1:S3 *J:33 13:53
•4:03 13:53 •I:33r.».
tt$mOilliit~fnl»rttutmt}.— *6.C0 B.CO 10:004.11.
tU:03 *I:33 13:33 *3:53 |t:G3 *8:03rja,
COAST IUflHIU.1 ( HroaJ «J«»f«).
(Thlr.l and Townoeit.l SH)
tfilo* Oce*i> View, .Ho.nU rtan Franclnco.. !««»••
|7tO.iA s>u Jixe a>..l Way .SUliuiia (New
Alma<ln» \Vf(i.e««!«r» only) •!>>••
|7iSO» SnmUy Exciiraion ( r Mao Jom,
tUala. Cruz. PactOo Gro»« and
Principal Way Station* ;StS3»
*«tO»* Han imx Trea l'i>u>t. x»nU 1'rns.
raeilie <s«ite. !•«¦ ItuWn. Man
i.iiii «i|.ii|u>. Unit. Lompoc and
rUMipaJ Way Hl>ll»na !* :I J*
•l«t«OA Ban J..«« .".I Way .it»tlo». IZ'*^ A
•IIiXOa haiiJ..ar.Loaa»*o«att.|WajSUU<Mia »5iaOF
tai'l3rSait UatMa. li-.U.-»l. Menlo Paik.
Palo Alto. HaulaOiara. San .lu*a,
Trea Finns. HauU Cnu. Saliaa*.
Uumeiaj «»l racirtc «Jro»» flOs3« %
|».»n r M» a .Io«9 ari.l VTay HUilmn •"«:»»?
t-lilSr 3au Juaaan.l rrinripai Way Ktatlmi* *l»i*3»
tSiOSrSan Jom. Lot Oitoa and Priuclpil
Way SUUona <9tO«4
•¦>>.lt>r «••-. J..«- an.l I'rii.oipal Way HtaUoni t»i»4
••::iap Sa.M.Ioa> an<l W*y Atatinn* ««,!»«%
»ll:»->r San Ji*»n.l Way Huatlnna »7i«*p
A for Morning F lor Afternoon.
' Dally. ( .-Hunday eir«ntcd. I Sunday only.
b ViMr.lay only.
• Satnrdav and s Ur <¦ Snndav and Mooda*.
CALIFORNIA ND2TB¥ESTESN IT. CO.
SAM FRAHCISGO AND HORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbunm Forry, Foot •< Maffc«t St.
sxi* yRANCiaco to bam bataei.
WEKK DATS— 7:30. *M. 11:00 a. m.: Ujjfc
1:30. I :M. •:» p. an. TbtOTd»y»-Extr» trtJJ
at U:M ». m. B*.tardaj»— Kxtr» trip* »t 1^4
and 11:10 d. m. «^«>
«VNDAT&-«:e0. 1:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. •«»
'^AN^RArAkL TO BAN TRANdSCO , .
WEEK DAY3-«:10. 7:50. »:20. U:10 a. m. j U:*U
1:40. »:15 p. ra- Baturdajr»— Extra trips at
1:85 and «:SS ». m. m \^ 1 .
BUKDATS— •¦AO. »:*0. U:l» a. m.: 1:40. 1:«V
BetwMn Eaa Standaeo and Bdmatjen PaiM
mw acheduia aj abonr*.
Lear* I In Effect. I ArrtT*
Baa rrancleoo. [Apr. U. UOO-I Saa FVaneiaeavj
WteK I Bun- I I Sun- I Weak *
Days. [ daya, ( Dwtination.1 day. 1 Daya,^
7:33 «m 1:00 a is Novato. 10:40 am 1:40 aaa
1:30 pm l:Wun Petaluma. «:05 pm 10:« aaa
»:13 pm 5:00 pm Santa Ro«a- 7^5 gin t:» pra
Fulton. j
T:M am Windsor. 10'JS aq
Healdaburs. '
Lytton. ;
O»r»erv!Jle. <
t:tOptn »:C0 am Cloverdal*. T:35 pm l:»pa<
Tttamj j HcpUnd [ |10:» ami
t:«0 pm| »:00 am) and Ca-lah. I T:» pro I »:*> P«»
;• Tarn] I I 10:25 a=»
I I:W ami Ouerne-rllle-l 7:J5 pm
t:30 pm| j t-Mym
7:40 am 1:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 arn 8:40 «a>
I and
8:10 pm 8:00 pmi Otgn Ellen. •:<» pm <:»O pta
T:30 aaa! «:C0 ami 110:40 am|10:» an
t:80 ptn! 5:j0 pni[ StbajtopoL | 7 :ta pra| <:30 pq
8ta<r*a connect at Santa Ro«a for Slark W«l
Ptrlnps and Wtdt« Sulphur Springs: at F*ultori
for Altmri*: at Lytton for Lytton Bprtnn; aS
GeyaerrllU for Skaxea BpHn«a: at Clorentolw
for the Oi-rwri: at HopUnd for Dunsaai
Bprinn. Hlfhland Spring*. Kelseyrille, Carl»^
bad Sprlnm. Boda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
8i-tin«s: at Cklah for VJchy Bprln»». Saraton
Iprlni.. Bin. Lakes. La.ni*! D.11 LaJ««. Wltte*
Bprtn«9, Upp^r LaJce. Porno. Potter Vall-r.
John Day*t. RlT?rslde. Uerley**, BucXneirt.
eanhedrln Heifhta. HnllTille. Orr*! HoU
Sprints. Mendoelno City. Fort Brarf. we«t*
rort U«al. Wllllta. LaytonvUla, Cfummlna,
Bell's Sprtna-s. Harrta. OlsenTa. Dyer. 3ootUaj
and Eureka. :
Batnrday to ilonday round triQ tickets a|
On Sunday rmrad trip ticket* to all potot^
beyond Ban Rafk«l at half rates. .
Ticket offlc«9. (8* Market at.. CSironlel* h\Sm»
XL C WH1TIJJO, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Ska. Pms. Arsst,,
_.TO-.. K
Philadelphia |
AND RETURN via g
1 Santa Fe i
I R mi to I
| nUUluiii I
q Tickets Sold Jane &•
g 12th and 13th good g
« to return 60 days, q
; 1 Office, 628 Market St. 8
4jT^< -^»— —a— i in m ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦—¦-¦ i m^fmmmmm^tmmu^^mm^mm^ > |
MOimT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco Tia Sauaallto Ferry: i
WEEK DAYS. ...9:3d a. m.. l:ii and 5:13 p. m.
SUNDAYS ». S. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2:30 p. m.
Far* San Francisco to Summit and return. $1 V).
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
a Dr. G ib bon *s Dispensary,
625KXABTTST. Established
In 1SS4 tor the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Mannnod. D«bIU:yor
disease «r«aria(OD body and mind ana
Skin Claaaavs. Thadoctorcnraawamt
others tail. Try him. Chargra* low.
farratnaraalrvi. CallorwrlUk
Dr. J. r- uIBBU.N, Box 1997. Saa Fraadaoft
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
feiNome
" DIRECT.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SENATOR
Will nail from Seattle and Tacoma June 21.
July 21 and August 27. The SENATOR sail-
ing July 21, will make an Excursion Trip via
the inland passage, and after landing: at Norn"
will continue north thro' the »3ehring Straits.
past East Cape on the Siberian coant. croBstn*
the Arctic Ctrcle. passing Into the Arctic
Ocean. Passengers are advised to Inspect the
Senator before purchasing tickets via other
tteamers. as her second-class and steerage ac-
commodations are superior to the flrst-class
accommodations on most of the steamers ad-
vertised lor Nome. The Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co. has been running lta steamers to
Ala«ka— winter and summer— for 25 years and
Is the Pioneer Pacific Coast Line For further
Information Inquire of J. F. TROWBRipOE
Ocean Dock. Seattle. VTut; N. PISTON 249
Washington St.. Portland. Or.: W. PARRIS. 124
West Second St., Los Angeles. Cal.: OOOD-
ALL PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.. 10 Market
st. TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery it.
San Francisco.
ffe\ Valencia
i 1 1 \\ iron
SECOND TRIP.
LEAVES SEATTLE. ..... .JULY 3
FIRST-CLASS LIGHTERAGE FACILITIES
AT NOME.
For passenrer and freight rates apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.,
80 California St, S. F.
313 1st Ave. South, Seattle.
AMERICAN LINE.
R f YORK. SOUTHAKPTOK. LONDON. PAHS.
Stopping: at Cherbourg:, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York June 20iSt. Louis July 4
JtrtuU. June 57/ New York July 11
RED STAH LIN*.
*-'ev/ Yorl< cod Ar»tw*—»
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark June 20) Kensington July 4
WeEternland ...June 2i'Noordland July 11
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
SO Montgomery street.
EMPIRE LINE,
S 8 "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St.
Mirhft'el May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
BeattU to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon River
i Polnw June 30. July 31. August 30. For rate.
' »nd otVr Information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
7 30 Montgomery St.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 o. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calllnx at
Kobe (Hicbo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia. Ptc. "No cargo received on board on day
Is 'hongkono maru..
Sb. nu^u» Thursday. June 14. 1900
SS "NIPPON MARU...... Tueiday. July 10, 1300
8S! AMERICA M ABU................ ...
Friday. August S, 1900
Via Honolulu. '
nound-trlp tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. ' - v
«i aiar*^ w< * H AV ERY. General Agent.
OCEANIC 8. S. CO.— HONOT.tTI.rr, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNBY.
SS. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New Zea- .
• land and Australia.... Wed., June 13, 8 p. m."
SS. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)............
.....;.« -Wednesday.- June 17 1900. t p. tn.
J. O. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agtc. 114 Moirtgomef)
Pitr 7, Foot Pacific St. FreioW Offlce. 327 Market St.
BntheGoldfSelds
.fev^vln^^^^^ is as necessary as a pick.
aW^^!§& No miner should be w^hout
mS^L-^^r^ one . Unaffected by extreme
Winchester AmwauMmoH
8P^^i|§ Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send
M^^iM§t name and adciress on a postal card for
M'liiF^S 1 60-page illustrated catalogue. It is free.
®%Mm//Y<k Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
#*C7/V/* NEW HAVEN, CONN.
ifosv* ' \. VhvJ 4 1 ® Street, San Francisco, Cal.THE SAX FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JTJNE 11, 1900.
8
SAJf FRAXCISCO CALL.
B~SD~-SS OFFICE cf The Saa Francisco
CaU. corner cf Market and Third etreete, open
cr.tii 12 o'clock every -i_ht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— _7 Mcntrornery street,
rorner day; open until 9:50 p. m. •
tCO ITayes street; open until 8:S9 p. m.
C2> McAllister ttreet; cpen until 8:10 p. m.
ClS Larkln street; cpen until 9:23 p. m.
JM1 JilESion rtre*t: cpen until .0 p. m.
_C1 Ml-slott etreet, corner SIxteecth; open on-
f.\ * P- -3.
166 E-evecth street; cpen until S p. m.
1C3- Valencia street: open until 9 p. m-
rcortbwegt corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tocky rtreets: open cntll 8 p. m.
MEETING- NOTICES.
BAN FHANCTSCO Chapter No. L Royal
Arch _U_ro__, meets THIS EVENING. lLj\
I> jree 4. * L___
OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22. F. AND m
A. M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING -J\^
_t 7 :S0 o'clock. First degree. By order 7^^
' WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec
HERMANN LODCn NO. 127. F. AND •
A. M.-Called n>eet__s THIS DAY
(MONDAY). Jur.e IL 1500. at "¦*>7_A
• o'clock p. m. Desn-e 1. By order cf the ' ~~ »
¦\V. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Sec.
J_>:G SOLOMON' S Lodge No. 260, F. •
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. Fillmore st.. _#%_
between P,.s!i and Sutter -First decree }Lj\
THIS EVENING at 7:30. ' ' ~^ *
HARRY BAEITR. Secretary^
CALUMET Cair.p No. C6. ~"""^l
TV'. O. TV.— The efflcers - . ¦¦yV
and members ar» re- f*£z~ WoflV^i'*-
- Quested I attend the :_- F --f* .,,'{i\ J'i'u*^
aeral of the late JOS. H. MJ
RYAN In Native Sons' Halt, MONDAY. June
11 12 m. By order of F. B. SWAN.
Consul Com.
3. PHILLIPS. Clerk.
JrX>URTH OF JULY. Shell Mnuml v Ov^
Park— Grest gathering ar.d games of .A MMJJ
ih* bin Francisco fc?cottish Thistle
Cl'-b; gre_.t programme of tports;
celebration day and night: particulars later.
JOHN nnss. Royal Chief.
GEORGE TV. PATER^N. Recorder.
AGENTS WASTED.
ADVEHTIFINO insurance cr boc_: man who Is
capable of earning not le*s than $50 per week,
wish ability, ti close high-class contracts;
ftate txperitr.ee ar.d name _ reltrences. Ad-
dress box 3507. Cull.
Jk. WEEK'S news for £ cents. The Weekly Call.
i IS pages. In wrti^er. for mailing. XI per year.
ASTUOLOGTi^
PROF. A. _-_3X_-X of I-RVpt, Kre atest astrol-
cg:st &nd pa-rr.lfct in the world; satisfaction
ruaracteed. IS Powell st.
ATTOU\EVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty: prtvtte:
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE. atty. at law. SXO Market.cor. Stockton.
E_ W. KINO. SC7 Market St.. room 627; all
caves ; no advance charges: call or write.
ADYICI. free: no charge unless euccearful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ¥.7 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLARK. Erao Epreckeis bldg.. 817 Mar-
ket tt. ; ccRPulta.-'ion f r^* ; no 5tPff In advance.
BELGIAN EtABBS.
FOR ONE WEEK ONLT!!!
BELGIAN HAB.E IK-ES BRED TO OUR
"LORD DONCASTEB" FoK 120 00.
"Lord VtonctiSU-r" if one of the flnert slrec
ever Imported. Arrived from England May 17.
1300. Sire. Palace <"uj> buck of l.Sfc; doe, win-
ner cf ixncatter Silver Cup of 1S3S.
He won a prire every time he was shown In
__£land.
Wonderful col^r. Magnificent chape.
CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HAKE ABS'N.
Alalnela, CaL
J_MJ.RICA"S ORANDIZoT.
LOIiL> EIUNBOKO (imp.); fee t25 0!)
DUKE OF CLARENCE (imp.); fee $15 00
And „ others; fee $5 00. |10 00
Crackajack youngsters. Impjrteil bucks and
does. Bred d.«?».
Kull line of Jtalibit Purplie*.
BEST HA HE MANUAL FREE.
Open fia!!y until * j\ m. Visitors welcome.
SAN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARS CO..
SAM O. HAMMOND. Mgr.
Rabbttry— ltL. Shot well rt.
Orike— ppreckels Market.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of Jrnprrted sn1 domestic Belgians
WEDNESDAY, fri-m 2 to i p. m.
AT MARKET-STREET RAP.BITRT.
1.22 Market street.
W. C. BENTHA11. Prop.
CLAREYONT Belgian Hare Association— Does
bred lo F^ashoda frince and Itcyal Rochdale,
tlO to %Vj: b*«t strain youngsters, tZ to tH.
4116 Telegraph bv*., Oakland.
FOK rale— Very Cr.e stock nf high-score, pedl-
irreed Helglan hares, all scored by Mrs. Bush.
lOOV^i tiutt»r Ft.. San F"i_nrlsco.
TREMONT Belgian Hare Co.. 2114 Fillmore St..
Fan Francisco. Cal.— Send «c in .tamp, for
bock on rare and feeding.
HARE Sanitarium — Treatment of #lck hares;
positive tauTflx curv. DR. JACOBS. 1616 Turk.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE C..CCJ Gold-
en Gate ave.. S. F.: SCO rabbits for sals cheap.
BICYCLES For Salv or I"xcliii_*r«-.
ALLEN sells new bicycles for $20; good article.
>ri Lerkln ft., ccr. McAllister.
BOAHDIXG FOU CIULD-U-If.
WANTED— A place for a child to board; will-
Ing to pay $5 a month. Address MISS GIBBS,
fan Ansclrr.o.
IIOOICS M3W AND OLD.
ECHOOL UOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holme. Book Co.. 704 _ls*lon st.. near Third.
IIIMM-:*" CHANCES.
A— teoorFRENCirTestaurant in choicest loca-
tion of Latin quarter; rent 125; a splendid
paying bu.lness; must be sold at once, as
owner* are going to leave for Paris. Call R.
G. W1LK.E. 26V> Keamy ct.
A— J.2J0; TRANSFER corner on Mission St., In-
cluding building; ground rent, $20; lease of i
year.; nm-iia_E; leaving for Europe; not all
c_sh necfcttaiy. R. G. WlLKt.. S6H Kearny.
A— »JC0; OOBXBS clear More with card room,
close to corner Market and Powell sts.; a rare
chanoe. CaU R. G. WILKE. VM Kearny st.
' A— J20C; BAZAR and stationery; choicest loca-
tion on Valencia et. : rent J15; 2 living; rooms;
great t,a.r«.-a_n; owner must sell quick; Nome
fever. Cs.ll It. G. WILKE. .e\j Kearny st.
A-4-iCO; VERV best location; Baloon close to
I'owell and Market Ets.; business first class;
ccly patronized by best people; a rare chance.
C— II R. G. WILKE. 26V. Kearny st.
A— J1000; CANDV route; cetabl. M years: all
cash trade, clearing about $_0 per month.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26',. Kearny at.
_^-M50; CORNER crocery and bar. with 4 liv-
ing- rooms: south of Market et. ; a Kood pay-
Jr-t businffs and rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26V4 Kearny s_
»-_-C»; CORNElt saloon: rent J18: choicest lo-
cation south of Market St.: place doing a rood
paving busin<»«=. but parties can't agree. Call
R."G. WILKE, 26'4 Keamy St.
A— 1&0; CORNER branch bakery and grocery,
v. ,:li 4 living rooms, on Geary ft.; low rent
_nd sood t & yl r 'R burners; a rare chance.
Call li. G. WI— — 35. .fi'i Kearny st.
ATTENTION. RESTAURANT MEN!
Wnll-TFtartilished restaurant in the best busl-
r.eFs section cif Pan Fram'isco, with 5 dwelling
rooms; rei.t ?20 monthly. water included;
larpe daily receipts: this Is a (rold mine; a
place like It seldom finds ltd way on the mar-
ket and should Ve seen to be appreciated; will
stand rigid Invc*-Uffttlo_; panics going tc
Cape Nome the only rauff ct sale; almost giv-
lr.g Jt away. M. A. BKOOICS. 12 Golden Gate.
„— J_75. FAI.OON; line resmrt; 7 rooms; larg*
trade: *hknef* cause ot *=a.le: good location
Pacific Exchange. i«;l« Market st.
$CO0O— CANDT ftor*. factorj' and lce-cr»an
parlor en Market St.. <loln_r larpe business
cickneES • a _•-• of eale. Paciflc Kxch— nge, 1011
Market et- -
$125— CIGAR etore with laundry office and club
room: irood trade: «~heap at J200. Pacific Busl
nr-ss Excha nt», 1016 Market ft. X
GROCERY and bar: fine location: good chanc<
lor widow. COWING _ CO., 713 Market st.
FOR sale or exchange— A business clearing tit
to f»00 a month. COWING _ CO.. 713 Market
CORNCR rrocery and bar: fine location: cause
sickness; bargain. Cowing & Co.. Tl» Market
jC25 NOTIONS school supplies, candy, breat
ajid milk: comfortable living rooms: che-i
rent: best part of city. LANE & CO.. 86
. Market et.
l^lCr-iGAR store: centrally located; owne
leaving city: investie-te Jt. LAYMANCI
REAL KSTATC CO., 460 and <62 Eiehth St.
Oa-clani..
LADY wiTh »f«00 as partner in profitable busl
ness; can have full control of the finance* l
— rillinsr to art _s bookkeeper and cashier. Be:
2C23. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS eho* shop: good prices; goo
work; email stock shoes. „_ Bush st.
A-t_5; BARBER chop; mutt be sold^at once
owner going to IMrls. 8_H. Ellis st. "
BUSINESS CHAXCES CONTINUED.
A— A, STENBERG CO.. S3. Market st.
List your Stores.
City and Country Real Estate.
or any kind of business with us.
We can Fell for cash ;
Have buyers welting
$150— Branch bakery; bargain.
Iir.i>— Cipar store; Kearny st.
$.'<0— Delicacy store; Western Addition.
A. STENBERG CO., S35 Market et. Pbone
Folscm 1143.
A— ttOO: RESTAURANT close to Government
wharf: rocrns upstairs; owner 7 year* there;
receipts average $.5; meals 25c; flne place fcr
rcan and wife. STENBERG CO.. 935 Market.
:15OO~_1LK route; near the city; established
bustnt-s.; sickness cause of sale. McLAUGII-
! LIN _ CO.. 777ft Market sL
$2000— RESTAURANT and cafe; prosperous
town near the city; bargain; part cash If de-
' sired; other businers caur.e of sale, llc-
LAUOHIJN _ CO.. 777% Market st.
i $2JO-BUTCHER market: ejtabMehed 25 years:
rood location. ilcLAUGHLIN _ CO.. 777V4
Market St.
$s:iO— RESTAURANT: ncrth of Market St.; bar-
i gain; going to Cape Nome cause of sale.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777^. Market st.
$250— BUTTER, egg and provision route; horse.
wagon; bargain. McLaughlin _ Co.. 777fo »!_•_
KERN COUNTY oil lands- A chance to get an
' intfrest lnjl.000 acres of choice oil lands; buy
now and get in on the ground 1locr: these
land* are located in the great oil districts of
McKITTRICK. BONSET AND KERN RIVER,
Kern County, and belong to the OCCIDENTAL
OIL COMPANY, incorporated under the laws
of West Virginia: slock absolutely non-a_sess-
able; Investigation solicited.
D. H. MOSTELLER. Agent,
Room S6t. Parrett building. B. F.
$OV>0— LARGEST family resort: 50 miles from
8. F. : vaudeville show every Saturday and
Sucday; Including house and garden on leased
ground. 2 fine barrooms, bowling alley and
F.otel; latest Improvements. Particulars call
at Fell and Franklin sts.: grocery.
, TO r«nt — For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; flne
locat'on; place is entirely covered and con-
1 tslns 3 stalls: rent only $15; water fre«. In- j
quire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call 1
building.
DRUO etore for sale; city: good location; good
business; good stock; good prices; good rea-
sons for s"lilng; good opportunity. Box 1761,
Call offlce.
• CIOAR stand. SE. cor. Stockton and O'Farrell; j
i i on account of creditors. Particulars at PO- !
j SENER & LEVIN. 106 Pine st^ ]
! i FOR sale— The Central Hotel in Nara, con- j
! talnirg 31 rooms; central location; prioe rea-
| ronable. Address R- CUFF. Napa. Cal.
j SALOON doing good business; wholesale dis-
trict; e*re!lent opportunity. Apply at £01
Market ft., corner First.
LIQUOR store doing good bar and family trade;
In eck"1 locality; *reat chance. 601 Market st.
'¦ RARE char.ee; very valuable cor. cigar Hore
fcr sale account leaving city. Box _",1. Call.
" RESTAURANT and bar; must be sold on ac-
| court of elcknesf. Box 2816. Call office.
i $3^v-£.\'AP; hctel: good bar business. Room
j 412, Hearst buildin? : j
: $900^ iTa!: I NG~~ saloon". WICHMAN, LUTGEN j
' J & CO.. 318 Clay Ft. ___—
! JlSWi— FOR PALE— A finely located restaurant; ¦
' I will clear J2<*0 per month: owner has 2 places. ;
, Inquire at 10S8 Howard tt. j
' CIGAR Etand. Southeast corner of Third and
Townsend sts.. opp. Southern Paciflc.
Al GROCERY and bar; no agents. Box 31S5,
Call offlce. i
A— SS25- BARBER Fhop: mu«t be sold at once:
j owner ro'ng to Paris. 31*>2 Ellis Bt.
$450— CORNER grocery and bar: 4 living rooms;
account cf sickne.s. 1111 Howard: no agents.
BAKERY to let: fixtures complete; oven. In-
quire 4S2 Eighth St.. upstairs. >
FRUIT and candy store; very reasonable; situ-
ated near four theaters. Box 1754. Call.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
¦v»". CASWE— X, A CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ar.d subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore -t.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
rub*crlptlons has been tutablished at MSS \ a-
lencla st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
HOTEL and bar; 36 rooms 1 $1500
31 rooms on Market et. ; only POO
25 rooms on Rush st.: rent $35 5w
12 trams on McAllister Ft 400
16 rooms; fine corner: clears $150 1W>
l«-room house on Turk st 750
l'l rooms on Jnnex Bt. : clears $«5 3oO
10 rooms on Mason st: payments 4aO
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
II. c. dscker, 1C20 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
26 ROOMS, central, best in any city SlfMO |
31 room*; income t?Z*>: rent S100.... $300
20 room*- boarders; fine latm: residence.. $1000 !
14 rooms; extra good; worth $1300; full.... $700 |
12 rooms. Jd full: rent $35; nr. Market.... $3J0
14 rooms; very flne and respectable $132.> j
Several of K. S and 10 rooms; JJ73 up to $5'.H) :
—Money to lean; 1C3 other houn*3
- M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r. 1. nr. Call bids.
i £0 ROOMS: paying cor.; offices: cheap rent;
price TO-CO. .WINSTON «¦ CO., 1026 MarUetjst. j
i 60 ROOMS; first floor pays rent: fine corner; j
j price $3500. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market. |
' THESE must be sold by June 15: One house. 12
" I rooms; one 14. one 15. one 18. one 28. three 30
rooms: call. Investigate -and make offer.
BCHWEINHARD & CO., 517 Market st.
i $lKf>0 — 55 ROOMS: all rented; good location: near
J Market: central; rent low. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
. j CARniAJES AND WAGONS.
.' pop, SALE — Covered wagon, suitable for con-
fectionery or laundry use. Apply at the J.
NOONAN FURNITURE CO.. 1021 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
FOR Bale^ — Cheap for cash, coupe, horse and
harness, with good paying stand. £7 Ulnna
1 Ft., upstairs.
' | AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for/ sale
. j cheap. Call at 532 Mission st. •*
I ALL kinds of wagens. buggies, carts, harness.
: etc. cheap. EAOA.V _ SON. 2117 Ml.»lon »t.
• NEW & ?d-hand wagons, buggies, carts _ har-
; pets, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia,
SPIRITUALISM.
* GO to Watson, test medium; occult: lucky and ;
1 truest. 1681 Market St.. near Twelfth,
* i _— — —
- MRS. WEST— Trance, test medium and mag-
netic treatment. 1206 Market St.. room* 15-16.
• EARLE. 330 Ellis rt.; seances Sun. and Wed.;
4 readings daily; will leave the city June 15. '
i WYLLIK. the Los Angeles photo medium. 339
- ! Ellis St.. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sundays Included.
I MRS. J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, te.t. business
medium, life reader; sitting. $1. 1104 Market.
I CLA1H\ OYAXTS. /
MR.!. DR. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 205 Turk St..
> may bs consulted on all affairs of life; she
: vtll show you how to o\ - ercome your enemies;
remove family troubles; restore lost affec-
tto-_: unite the separated: satisfaction (ruar-
r anf-ed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 205
Turk ft., near Jones.
" MME.LANQE. the great clairvoyant, tells pa_t.
future; never fails: has the greatest Egyptian
necret; chows picture future husband or wife;
fee »c and up; satisfaction to everybody: open
8unu_.ys. 1167 Market Et.. bet. 7th and Sth.
J MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant, card
1 reader: born with double veil & second sight ;
diagnoses diseases with life readings: L.. EOe;
O.. $1; palm _ clairvoyant sit.. II .SO. 126 Turk.
J MME. HANSON, palmistry, lf»c: card reader;
p_Lst, present, future: 25c. Wi Sixth St., r. 14."
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; toest advice. F23
" .' Mission Bt.. near 4th. rm. 3; cr.o up; ring bell.
" MME. RENNER. planet reader, palmist: sat.
?| gntd.; ladles only; 25c mdlWcis^C-H O*— T«
«¦ MME. ZEREDA nf C Seventh ft., original gypsy
life reader: readings. _jc: no Fign.
» CARD reader and palm'.Jt removed from 953
M talon st. to 1.6 Sixth, room t.
_. MStE. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
e try: truth or no pay; 25c _ SOc 1149 Mission.
'' MME. r-HAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
- sittings dally . 212V. Sixth st.
n . MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
'' advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. EYBILLE — Cradle to grave: future hus-
b»nd'« picture: 25c: laili<>«. 914 O'Farrell iti
»- ———————————— ——_—_—»
'" CARPI2T BEATING ANO CLEANING.
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 3S3-.57 Tehama tt.; tel. 8. 40.
» SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
- 84.-344 McAllister St.: pbone South HG.
;' J. E MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
_ vatlng Co.. .45 14th st.; tel. Mission 71.
t CITY Steam Carpet Beating Works. O. I_
5j STEVENS, mgr.. *S-40 Sth St.: tel. South .50.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
j^ Alt Stevenson «t., tel. South 228; lowest rates.
E CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 4c,
STRATTON'S. S Eighth -t.: t.l. Jessie S44.
- ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
' tel. Main J?4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
* CONKLIN'S Carpet Beating Works. 33S Golden
_ Cut- wye.: telephone East K«.
A COLLECTION OFFICES:
t; GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
1. less successful. Room 310, 927 Market ft. •
COTTAGES TO LET.
FELL. 2S7— Cottage X rooms, basement; large-
yard'; rent $11. .
TO let— Cottage of five rooms. 2307 Polk st.
$5— COTTAGE of two large rooms. Key 1S25
Broadway. /
AT the ELECTRO^DENTAL. CLINIC. «0» Mar-
ket' St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 E0 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m.. to 10 p. m.: Sundays 9 to 2
p. m G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D-. Manager.
DR. LUDLUM HILL 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates ar»
made: old plates made over like new: teeta
from $8 per eet: extracting. 50c: gas given.
CET our prices for rainless dentistry before
going elsewhere. New York Dental Parlor,
Kixth and Mission sts.
DR. GEORGE W LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., on
vacation from June IS until July 1.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor. ... Kearny. cor Bush--
, Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fillings. 2oc.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG.
1S41 Pclk Et. _,
DOG j nOSPITALS.
DrT^CREELY'S C. P. dog «»»«£!*?*
emooth, _!!ky coat: for *ale by all druggists
or at the hospital. BIO Oolden Oate ave.
DRTl3ijXAlu7s Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore-
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: docs boardfd^iel. "West Wl
DRESSMAKERS AND SK AM STRESSES
McDOWFJ.I/S is the place to learn dressmAk-
ing and !adlf«' tailoring; eve, class. 103 Pob-
I MME. REMBERT. MO fc'utter St.. dressmaking
school: any pattern cut to measure.
I s F Dre?_rr.a_li:g. Ladles' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN drespmaklng. 387 Geary St.: dreeses
made. $3 up; dresses made over: perfect flt.
ACCOKD1O.M pleating factory: all kinds pi eat-
!ng. pinking. 1.1 Post, over O'Connor-MorTatt.
, EnuCATIOWAt.
I THE Paciflc Coast Regular College of Medl-
' rlr.o San Francisco, Howard street, between
Fourth and Fifth streets (incorporated under
the laws -of California), will own Its regular
course Jure 13. All lectures will be delivered
In tho evening.
Dally clinics, free for the poor, will be held
in the collece building, from 9 a. n^ to 8:30
P F\£ particulars address THE DJ.AN OF
THE MEDICAL COLLEGE, at the building,
81 S Howard st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post r.t.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy. Engllah
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. : new fcO-page catalogue free.
| ALL students but two taking full coarse this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUtol-
I JCESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
! AYRES', the leading business college. 725 Mar-
I ket ttt; life scholarship, 550: Includes ehort-
; hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art : day &ev».
j CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin »t. :
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date: all
branches; positions secured for graduate..
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey. asK&y. cyanide, arch. : Cay. eve. ; eet. 1S84.
VAN PER NAILLEX SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mail; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best eystem."'M. G. BARRETT. .02 M'.ntgmy.
6 F. VETERINARY COLLEOE— Next session
begins June 11: catalogue upon application.
M. L. PANCOAST. Secretary. £10 Golden Gate.
WANTED— Boy to do offlce work at Ayres'
Business College, in exchange for tuition.
GALLAGHKR-TARR United School of Experts:
shorthand; bookkeeping. Farrott big.; caflog.
PROF. MERKI. successful teacher of Vnandolln,
violin arrt '<ru!tar. 1C0S Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUXE Art and Crafts School: modeling,
designing, carving: all branches. 414 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Sth.
_311»LOYME*T OKKICES.
jWJAPANESE and Chinese employment con- i
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kind help, j
4.1 Pest, near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
ORPHET'M Employment Offlc«" — Japanes-?. Chl-
neee help. 4.6 Powell, nr. Sutter; tcl.BlackS-o:..
JAPANESE and Chiceee Employment Offlce;
bert help furn. : tel. John 2121. S06»-_ Stockton.
| CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell rt. : tel. East 418.
I EMI»I.OY3IEN'T W.VXT ED— FEMALE.
i FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
I Norwegian cook with good city references: a
I neat Irish second girl, best oT references;
I competent woman with a child; infant's
! nurse, capable of taking entire charge, b««st
¦ of references, city or country- MISS CUL-
! LEN. 32.» Sutter st.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation to do any
Kind Of work; is first-class laundress and good
housekeeper; will work by day at $1 and car
fare. 242V. Minna st. downstairs, not In rear.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes situation, house-
work and plain cooking; wages not so much
an object as good home. 613 McAllister st,
INTELLIGENT young business woman desire,
to make herself useful to party of Americans
en route to Paris.- Box 3176. Call office.
A WOMAN wishes position »s housekeeper or
as ladles' nurse. 623 Howard st.
1022 LARKIN— Young girl wants situation; gen-
eral housework; small family.
A LADY would take care of children while
mothers work by the day. 830 Folsom st.
A WOMAN desires housework by tho day. Call
359 Jessie St.
MIDDLE-AGED German v reman wants posi-
tion as working housekeeper In a widower's
family; city or country; a comfortable home.
Box 23, 106 Eleventh st. ..
LADY wants -«ewlng and mending to do at
home, or would go as housekeeper, <jlty or
country. Call at 116 Sixth Et.
SCANDINAVIAN girl would like housework in
e-mail family. 1113 Bth ave.. 3. San Francisco.
CHRISTIAN lady, middle aged, desires home
with elderly people; light work; small wages.
Box 2666. Call offlce.
POSITION rs nurse to take care of children and
do ceneral housework. Address MRS. PAR-
RISH. 1 Fifth St.. room 20. .
GIRL wishes light housework or second work.
I 17.5B Howard st
WANTED— By a woman, washing and house
clea n 1 ng: $150 a day. Address 162 Tehama.
GERMAN lady wants washing at home; no — cid
iifed. 2334 Greenwich st.; tel. Baker 1189.
WORKING housekeeper or seamstress wishes
position; country or city. 120 Sixth st.
WINCHESTER House. 4» Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $C
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry. '
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
BUbsertptlons has been established at 1096
Valentin st. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
KJU'LOYMEST WA»T_D MALE.
• FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, desires work
In private family: thorough experience: strlct-
; ly sober; use no tohacco; not afraid of work;
undeniable ref. Address R., 863 Mission st.
YOUNG man, graduate of State Normal School,
desires situation In offlce or store. Eox 2C23,
CaU office.
A SOBER voung man desires employment as
: porter In ct"rc or hotel. Address New Zea-
land, box 2C2S, Call offlre.
• MIDDLE-AGED man wishes situation as gar-
dener and coachman; wife plain cook and gen.
eral housework; city or country: references;
! 9 yearn in last position. Address box 27S2,
Call office, Oakland. .
" STEADY, reliable man; understands care of
horses; can milk; good driver; willing and
obliging; city or country; well recommended.
! Box 2C10. Call^ .i .
i YOjtTKQ Danish ccachman and gardener wants
situation; sober and Industrious; can milk;
b?st references. Address P. LUND, 360 Sev-
enth st.. Oakland. .
• INDUSTRIOUS, sober man wishes position In
wholesale house; city; best of references. Ad-
'Irecs J. VITP.INGA. 1313 Seventh ave.. East
Oakland. '
¦ YOUNG married man wishes situation; private
place, small ranch or other capacity; knows
his business thoroughly; references. J. J.,
' box 175S. Call office. ¦ -
¦ COACHMAN, single, thorough experience, and
man about place; sober; not afraid of work;
' many years with same employer; best refer-
1 ences. Address LOUIS. 3G3 Mission st.
' GOOD coatmoker and bushelman; city or coun-
try: will • work cheap for a steady Job.
; STEWART. 3.9V. First St. . '
. STEADY employment In the city wanted by a
i young married Swede; can show, good refer-
ence :f required. Box 31SS. Call.
" STRONG boy, 19, : living 'with parents, would
like to learn some good trade. Box 4382, Call.
- SITUATION wanted— Good baker; can use port-
able oven. Box -S02, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED-—MA^ E^
SITUATION wanted by man as ** rd *? e f:
hostler or to do general work around v}»fi*.
city or country: reference. , Box 4400. call.
COACHMAN and general man by ****&' TV
liable Englishman: best of references, aq-
dret-s 1104 San Pablo nv».. Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and^subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1035
Valencia Et. _________
EXCHANGE.
R^U3ENC^~pTc^er?y?excnange for stationery.
confectionery bus. CU Pacific ave., Alameda,
FIRST-CLASS non-asresssble paid up oil stock
for flne looking gentle driving horse or horse
and phaeton. Room 611. Examiner.. blag.
WILL ex^aTite" cottage of C rooms and bath
near train. Oakland, for property In San _?ran-
cl*c\ Call Sl'ia Twentieth st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS. .
GEOIUJE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071V4 Market at.— Examinations tree; German
eye -water by mull. 50c Phone Mint Zj7.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Junted, N. Manasa*. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FI.XANCIAL.
BOND redeniDtlon.— To whom it may concern:
In accordance with law notice is hereby given
by the State of Utah, successor to the Terri-
tory of Utah, that on July 2. 1300. It w 11.
when properly audited by the fctate Auditor
and duly presented at the office of the State
Treasurer of the State of Utah, pay In full
principal ami Interest eccrued to that date,
on the fo'lowing described bonds: The entire
Issue of three hundred negotiable Coupon
Konds of the Territory of Utah. Said bonds
are dated July first, 1830. and payable twenty
years from date or any time after the expira-
.tion of ten years from their date at the op-
tion of the makers. The said bonds are num-
bered from one to three hundred, both Inclu-
sive. The amount of money In the hands of
the undersigned State Treasurer available for
the purpose of paying the principal u three-
hundred thousand dollars and sufficient to
pay the accrued Interest to July second. 1300,
arid any and all of said bonds not bo pre-
s:nted for payment on the second day of July,
1900; will cease to draw interest from and
afte'r that date, and auch funda shall remain
in the State Treasury to discharge such bonds
whenever presented.
All persona Interested In eatd bonds will
take due notice hereof and govern them-
eelves accordingly. r
(Signed) JAMES CHIPMAN.
State Treasurer of the State of Utah. /
Dated Joni- first. 1900.
~ FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS, cottages, etc. A. M. SPECK &
C. 6C7 Market at.
2C21 Pine; I.: 6 r $23 1411 L_rkln; f . ; 4r $15
R08 McAllister; f.; 6r. 23 2529 Post; f.; 5 r 16
793 Haight: c.f.: 7 r. 25 30 Page; f.; 2 r 10
1131 Geary; f.; 6 r.$32 50 575 Geary; r. f.; 4 r.. 9
NEAT flat to let— E. side Dolores, bet. Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth sts. ; second floor; I
rooms and bath; flne view; cars handy. Ap-
ply to C. S. CAPP & CO.. Real Estate
Agents, C20 Market st.
A — NW. corner Sutter and Scott; finest flat In
city for the price; Investigate; 6 largo rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated if seen.
A— FLAT 3 room, bath and gas. E22 Fell st.
A— 8-ROO11 flat: corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417H Third.
ALL bright flat*. 4 and 5 rooms, bath. 1MJ
and 10 J4 Sacramento St.. bfiow Maaon.
FINE sunny fiat, 2 large rooms: batb. all latest
Improvements. Key 712 Grove st.
FLAT of 4 rooms; nice yard. 262 Ivy ave.; key
at 3C3 Grove st. ¦
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN A HO WELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW modern sunny fiats; bath, yard, base-
ment; 6 and 7 rooms; reas. 1931, 1935 O'Farrell.
$16 — SUNNY corner flat of 6 rooms and bath,
above quiet grocery. 110 San Jose ave.
SUNNY upper nat; 8 rooms; bath; all sunny;
rent $25. Cor. Broadway and I_arkln st.
iSUNNY flat. 5 rooms: range; bath; water;
rent $?. Jersey and Sanchez Kts.
TWO nice clean sunny upper flats; 4 rooms
each; ?10. 110 and 118 Perry st.
$8— UPPER flat. 256 Harriet St.; $7, lower flat.
2i4Vi Harriet ft., near Sixth and Harrison.
$10— FOUR rooms. 7 Bonita St.. off Polk, be-
i tween Vallejo and Green.
$12— COTTAGE of b rooms, rear: also 4-roora
flat. bath. $18. Apply 2324 California St.
$14— E ROOMS and bath. 171S Leavenworth st.
FLATS "WANTED.
BY couple: no children; permanent small, j
sunny house or flat; Western Addition; mod-
ern and attractive. Box 2654. Call offlce.
FDRMTURE l'Olt SALIC,
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50, with No. j
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 11.7-1131 Market. ;
FUU.MTUUI. \V"AA1__.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mlssloi st.,~pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry A Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mif>lon: tei. >ted 3353.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— A large number of girls for all
classes of work too numerous to advertise;
good wages and plenty of work for every-
body who wishes situations; call early Mon-
day. Apply to J. F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT :...
3 waitresses, city. $20; 4 chambermaids. $18:
4 waitresses, $7 week, and 5 lunch waitresses,
$1 E0 week, for large new restaurant; head
waitress, $30; 112 waitresses, different summer
resorts, $20; waitresses for Marysville. Gait.
Selma, San Mateo, Fresno; chambermaid to
wait. Pacific Grove, $20; pantry girl, flrst-
class resort. $25, free fare both ways: 2 fancy
Ironers, summer resorts, $25 and $30; fancy
lroner, country, $10 week.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Companion and houseglrl for GUroy. see par-
ty here Monday; cook, Santa Clara, $25: 2
ranch cooks, $25; cook and second «Irl, city,
$40; nurseglrl for springs. All houseglrls seek-
ing positions call and select a position and If
not suited register with
C. R. HANSEN — CO.. 104 Oeary st.
TWO girls to do labeling In bottling works at
springs; t20 a month and found; free fare
both ways. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
A GERMAN cook, city. $30: hotel cook, Guer-
neville, $30: 2 German cooks. $25 each: first-
class American cook. $35: housework. Plumas
County, $30, 2 in family, see lady here to-day;
Ban Mateo, $25; Point Reyes, $20, no cooking,
good place: Newman, $20: Bethel, $20; Sono*
ma, $£0: Alameda. $25; Rio Vista, $15; Vaca-
ville, t.0; pecond girl. Dlxon. $15. small hotel,
fare here; 40 housegirls. city, $15 to $25. MISS
CULLEN, 225 Sutter Bt. , ]
A~NURSE. country. $1 per day: one willing to
do housework. MISS CULLErN. 325 Sutter St.
LAUNDRESS, Institution. $25; 6 second girls,
$25 and $20; nurseglrl, $20; 3 cooks, $30 each;
boarding-house cook\ $25; woman for^a ranch,
$25: waitress, boarding-house, $-0. Mllb.
NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
AT Mrs. Lambert's, 418 Powell— A flrst-class
cook and second girl, same family; short dls-
tance; $30 and $25. j ¦
WANTED— Good talloress and youns girl to
learn tailoring. Fashion Tailoring Co.. 238
Ellis st. ¦ - 1 .
FIRir^CLASS parlor maid and waitress; city
ref. required. Call Monday. June, 11, between
2 and 4 p. m- at. 1900 Jackson st.
WANTED— Olrl: general housework: assist
with cooking; references. 2033 Pine St., near
Laguna^ . .
WANTED— Girl for general housework; S In
family. Apply Monday from 10 a. m. to 2
-p. m., 2S05 Mission St.
WANTED— Reliable German or Scandinavian
girl for housework; 3 in family; at once. 184
South Park, off Third st.
FIRST-CLASS starch work Ironers; also girls
to learn ironing; Kootl wages. Apply La
Grande Laundry, 228 Twelfth Bt.
YOlJNG""oerman girl to help In light house-
work and mind baby: wages $8 to $10. 33
William St.. bet. Oeary. and O'Farrell.
OPERATORS, button-hole makers, finishers &
1 apprentices; wages learning. 609 Kearny, r. 2.
GIRL to assist housework and care children.
2131 Twenty-second St., near Howard. .
YOUNG woman for llzlit housework and tend
Invalid lady; ?15. 1045 Mission st.
GIRL. 14 years, for dressmaking; paid while
learning, r «25 Golden Gate ave.
\ MIDDLE-AGED lady wanted for light house-
work. 526B Natoma.Bt.- . •
GERMAN or Swedish girl to assist in general
I housework. Apply at 20 Devlsadero St..
GIRL for light housework. 1477 Valencia Bt.
' AN experienced girl to work on skirts. Room
' 131, Murphy building.
RELIABLE girl for general housework. 1515
; Devisadero St., near Geary; bakery.
• GIRL. : German-speaking, ' for housework. 1053
•Market St.. upstairs; call after 9 a. _».'•¦ •_ ¦'-..•¦
GIRL to do. light housework;, wages $11. 754
• iFolsom st... near Fourth. .. ¦. -\
• GERMAN girl for plain housework: plain cook-
Ing; family of 3. CaU after 9, 1715 Buchanan.
HELP WASTED-FEMAIE.
WANTED- Experienced canners to work on
fruit • apply at once; steady work; good
wages. California Canneries Co., Ltd.. Bran-
nan St., bet. Third and Fourtn.
.WANTED-200 women and girls to work on
' fruit. Apply Immediately U. S. FRUIT
PACKING CO., Harrison ave., between Sev-
enth and Eighth sts., oft Folsom.
GIRL to take care of 2 children. 1453 Page st.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted; steady ;
work. 8.4 FolBom st.
YOUNG girl to wait at table. Call at 136 Sec-
ond St.
WANTED — Waitress in small restaurant.
34814 Third st.
HOUSEKEEPER for a small rooming house.
Call at 62 Second st. •
GIRLS. ~ GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'s overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32% Fremont.
WANTED— First-class all-around general laun-
dry lroner (woman preferred) at Stanford
French Laundry, Palo Alto; good wages and
home.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove sts.
AT once — A reliable girl for general house-
work: references. 797 McAllister St.
WANTED— Woman of upright principles and
acute business ability. Box 2S53, Call office.
GIRLS wanted. Bookbindery, 536 Clay street.
WANTED— Finisher on custom coats; steady
work. 651 Folsom St., cor Hawthorne.
FINISHERS wanted on custom pants. BE-
LASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Marker st.
GOOD finishers and skirt hands. BARON, La-
dles' Tailor. 22 and 24 Grant ave.
GIRL wanted to 'assist In light housework.
34S4 Twentr-second et.
FEMALE operators on ladies' capes and Jack-
ets; good pay. MEYER BROS., 7-9 Battery.
I OPERATORS and finishers on gents' white
shirts.- SS5 Valencia st.
GIRL to assist with housework and children.
1613 Benton St., Alameda, near Bay station.
TAILORESS. good pantt finisher: best wages
paid, ft'.i Kearny St.. room 16. top floor.
YOUNG girl to look after S-year-old baby;
wages, $6. 117 A Bartlett st.
WANTED— Dressmaker. JOE ROSENBERG.
11 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st.. bet. 13th and 14th sts.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellla st.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. 8\_ Antonio it.,
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell st. off Jones.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IMS Va-
lencla st ' _^^^^^^^^
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
SECOND baker, country, $35 and found: cook
and wife, small resort, $75; cook for
steamer, $43; second cook, steamer, $25;
three boarding house cooks, $40; cook for
miners, $30, see 'dobs here; cook for
small ranch, $17; hotel cook, $45; restaurant
cooks, $7, $3, $12 week; waiter, good country
restaurant, $30 and found; hotel waiters, city
and country. $25; dishwashers, pot washers
and others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 62S
SIX single-hand miners. $2 50 day; 2 muckers,
$2 day; carman, $173 day: carpenter for mill,
$45 nnd board; 2 Jobbing blacksmiths, $1 E0
and $2 day; 2 blacksmiths* helpers. $35 and
board and $S to $10 week; wheelwright for
ranch $35 and fonnd; machinist for country.
13 day; boys for factory and learn trade; 10
railroad laborers, free fare; 8 laborers for
wagon road. $1 day and board; 10 laborers for
mill and woods. Sonoma County, $30 and $35
and board; woodsmen, $30 to $iO and Increase,
see bo«>s in city; 10 farmers, $25. $30 and $35
and $1 25 to $1 75 day; 8 milkers, $.5, $30 and
J33; stable and chore man for ranch. $30; men
and wives, private families. $40 and $50: and
many others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 623
Sacramento st.
WANTED •
For the Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
50 men for track gang $2 a day
60 men for ballasting $2 a day
E0 men for rock quarry $2 a day
Board $4 60 a week
Free fare Free f ar «
C. R. HANSEX & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — For the Coast Road Free fare
, Teamsters ?2 a day
Rock laborers *2 a day
Office fee Jl-Free fare.
E0 laborers for S. P. Co. on Salt Lake divi-
sion $175 a day; free fare
For the woods See boss here
6 spool tenders, $43; 10 woodsmen, $40; 30 labor-
ers for railroad In the woods. $30 and board,
special rates of fare; 3 Jackscrewers. $45; 3
barkers 533, fares advanced; 20 laborers for
sawmills and woods, $30 and fares advanced.
20 quarrymen, $2 25 a day: 10 miners. $2 50 a
day; 10 quarrymen. $2 a day; -25 farmers, $28
and $30; 3 stonecutters and setters, $4 a day.
„... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker and pastry cook, resort, $60; cook and
helper, country hotel. $55 and $25; 6 broilers,
second and third cooks, city, $60, $50 and $45;
second cook, $45; third cook, $33; second baker.
*30: kitchen hand. *25. for country hotel; third
'cook, eprlngs, $30, fare advanced; waiter, mine
boarding house, $25 to $30; 3 waiters, country
hotels, $25; 25 dishwashers and kitchen hands,
city and country, $20, $25 and $30.
Head laundry man, $35; washer, $30; hanger
up, $20, for hand laundry at the springs; laun-
dry man and wife to run laundry at springs;
marker and distributor. $2 a day; lroner and
polisher, country, $2 25 a day; 10 ironers, coun-
try, $30 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
A YOUNG man to do labeling In bottling works
at springs; $25 a month and found; free far*
both ways. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WANTED
FREE FARE.
10 laborers, brickyard, $30 and found: rough
carpenter, $30 and found; stableman, race
stock. $30 and found; hostler, country, $30 and
found: 2 blacksmith helpers, $30 and found:
milker, city, $35: 6 lumber pliers. $30. $40 and
$50 and board; milker and chores, near- city,
$25; baker's helper, country. $30 and found;
blacksmith, country shop, $50 and found;
5 stone cutters and setters. Honolulu. $3 50
day; 25 farmers, steady work, $25 and $30;
10 milkers, country, $30 and $35; 10 haymakers,
$1 25 a day; 10 woodchoppers, $1 25 and SOc
cord: man for woods, San Mateo, $30 and
found: dairyman, ranch, steady. $25; 4 host-
lers, San Mateo. $20; E0 railroad laborers, free
fare. ,W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1S2.
GARDENER, country, $25: a man to work on
a ranch. Ben Lomond, $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. -
MAN and wife, ranch, $40; good place. MISS
' CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
1 COOK and* helper, mining town, $65: fare here.
: MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED — Carriage blacksmith Monday.
JOHNSTON & BROSNAHAN. 267 Twelfth
! et., Oakland.
; WANTED— A bushelman at RAPHAEL'S.
AN errand boy wanted. 117 Rujs st.
WANTED— A . dishwasher In restaurant. 11.
Turk st.
BOY, about 18, understands packing to make
himself gen'y useful. STEUER. 109 Battery.
YOUNG man. knowledge of cutting, to work on
1 ladles' wrappers. STEUER. 109 Battery st.
A COOK for boarding-house; elderly man. 323
• Main st. ¦
! GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 25c to
COc. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and _<1 sts.
': A THIRD-HAND breadmaker; wages $40, board
and lodging. PlUg Larkin st.
WAITER— Young man; restaurant. 206 McAl-
lister st. •
I BARBER at .47 Fillmore St., comer McAllls-
ter; good place.
BOY wanted In plumbing, shop. 630 Post st.
. GOQD barber wanted at 825 Valencia St.; steady
work.
i BOY who speaks German. J. HIRSCHLER,
3066 Twenty-fifth St., near Harrison.
GOOD chief cook wanted.. Apply box 2627, Call.
| GOOD barber; steady Job for right man. 207>4
" Montgomery ave. -
DISHWASHER; sober; good man. 448 Third st
DISHWASHER. 108 Hayes at.
i WA NTED— Short-order cook, coffee house, $3
;¦ to $30 per month. ;¦. 7C0 Mission Bt.
• BARBER to work on percentage; steady posl-
tton. 109 Sixth st. ,
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 554S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents.. •
WANT MONDAY. 7 A. M ••
7263 men for all parts of California. Ltan.
Washington, Arizona and Hawaiian 'slands.
Oregon, Nevada and British Columbia
FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY »1
and no other expenses, to Los Anseles and
Santa Barbara districts, we ship you to-day,
9 a. m. and 5:3a p. m., for S. P. R. R-.
laborers end teamster* J2 and J2 25 day
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— LOOK. ..HERE... ANY ...HANDY. ..MEN
Can fill this job. 25 laborers, handy with
tools, to build Hume, (30 to $10 and found; no
tools needed; fompany supplies tools
SPECIAL
10 laborers, no experience required, for the
sawmills and woods, $40 and found, fare paid:
6 boys for factorj-. $3 50 week; tally man for
lumber company. $40 and found. MURRAY
& READY. 634-6SS Clay Bt. __
A— 10 CROSSCUT sawyers. J40 found: 6 Italian
laborers. $45; 10 swampers. $33 and found:
fruit pickers and cherry pickers. $-3 and $33
and found
VERY IMPORTANT
Cook. $o0: also a dishwasher for a camp Job;
men for factories, foundries: polisher, help to
Etarch. $35 found, country laundry; 1- labor-
ers for a mine. $C0: 12 muckers for a mine.
160. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— FREE FARE CALL EARLY
To Salt Lake City (Utah) Division Free
Wadsworth (N'ev.) Division Free
Sacramento (Ca!.) Division Free
Western. Fresno. Madera, Bakersfleld Divis-
ion Free
Coast Divisions of California Free
Truekee Division of California Free
Laborers, teamsters, etc.. regular wages paid.
offlce fee $1 Free Kara
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A-FOR A BANK SYNDICATE..YOU"LL SUIT
25 men or strong boys to work In a large or-
chard and vineyard and farm, to pick fruits.
work In packing and drying houses, help to
dljc small trenches so water san run down be-
tween vines, etc.; wages $26 per month and
found} steady Job year around if you sre will-
ing to do the work; general manager will
teach .you
ALSO
Harness-makers, shoemakers; boys to peddle
fruits, $15 to $30 and found; 4 boys to work In
a factory. $3 to $5 a week. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— FREE FARE NEW RAILROAD
Teamsters *2 a day
Rockmen V a day
Laborers $2 a day
Free fare Offlce fee $1 only
AGAIN WE PAY -YOUR FARES
TO 35 SAWMILLS. ETC
NO EXPERIKNCE WANTED
£S3 men for CO different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, waz»s from $28 to $40 per
month and found •
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers. $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers. band
fawyers. screw turners, gang edsernvn. in
fact we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. S50. $73. $90. Jilt). $60,
*50. *«0. $30 and found: 6S4 woodchoppers. tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines,
$3, $2 50. 12, $1 50. $1 .and 73c cord; shingle
Jointer; shingle packer *
25 laborers for sawmill, fare paid... $10 and fd
.. HAYMAKING AND HARVEST _R_WS_
Header wagon drivers, $2 day and found: _S9
men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work in
fields, header men, etc.. $1 25. $1 50. $2 day
and found. COME AND SEE
...STABLES. VINEYARDS. ORCHARDS...
GARDENS
.1* stablemen, city and country Jobs, $43, $35,
$30, $25 and found
129 vineyard and orchard hands. $.T3. $30. J2S
and found: 5 gardeners, 1 stableman, all for
private families. $30, $23. 120 and found.
COME. SEE
CHERRY FRUIT BERRY PICKERS
E0 men and boys for different parts of the
country to pick all kinds" of fruits and berries,
good wares, office fee $1
DAIRIES. CHEESE FACTOR-FS
«3 milkers for different places. $3". *30 and
found: 5 buttermakers and run separators,
boss here. $S3 and found; 5 cheesemakers. dif-
ferent Jc.bs. $-15 ami $40 and found
MURRAY - READY. 634 and C36 Clay >t.
MECHANICAL HELP
blacksmiths for a large company, $3 to $3 50
day free fare; 13 blacksmiths and horse-
shoers. $2 50 a day. $70. $43. $33 and found:
also 5 helpers. $12 a week. $35 and found; 5
woodworkers, carriage-makers, $3. $2 SO day.
$40 and found
carriage and wagon painter, $40 and found;
3 ranch carpenters
E0 .'aborers, S. P. R. R.. $2 day Free Fare
..S. P. R. R.— DIFFERENT DIVISIONS..
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE $1
Section nnd reconstruction and NEW WORK
LABORERS, lOU'LL SUIT. REGULAR
WAGES
SPECIAL NOTICE. ..MINES. ..BIG WAGES
So laborers fnr mines, no experience --quired.
YOU'LL SUIT. $40 to $4S per month and
found; 23 miners, single-hand $90 and $75
....CROWDS GOING TO GOLD MINES....
FOR A NEW MINE
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 50, $34 and
found; 6 men and wives for ranches, $40. $33,
$20 and found
READ THESE CAREFULLY
3G3 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, also many for San Francisco. $3.
$2 BO, $2. $1 75 day: many city Jobs, to board
home.
FREE FARE TO XEVADA STATE
E0 laborers, no experience required, good
wages, ofnee fee $1
For other positions come down and read
billboards.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A—COOKS BAKERS WAITERS
head waiter, $50. fare paid: 3 butchers, $35 to
$30; g bakers, city and country shops. W and
$50; 35 cooks, restaurants, hotelM and boarding-
houses, ranches, etc *35 to *W and found
waiters, city and country hotels and resorts..
$25, $30 and $35 and found
porters, elevator boys, etc.; 4 bakers' helpers.
$30, $23. $25 and found: washer, country laun-
dry, $20 and found; barber to run country
ehop; porter and- watchman, country hotel:
tailor Institution. I— and found: cook for
lumber company. $60 and found. MURRAY
_ READY. 634-S36 Clay St.
\ COOPER. $3 day; woodworker. $2 50 day: 4
laborers for mine company, fare oOc. ?50 and
found; 12 single-hand miners, fare $2 10. $60
and found; coal miners; hard rock miners,
drillers rockmen
hammersmen $2 EO day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— $3 BO DAY Hay balers $3 .0 day
Track boss, railroad sawmill, boss here
. . . , _ $50 and f ou nd
Tailors, see boss here
S coatmakers. country
3 pantsmakers. country
Laundrytnan. country hotel $_ and found
MARRIED HELP
Cock and wife, small hotel, mining town....
$50 and found
Man as porter, wife as waitress, country
hotel $40 and 'uund
First and second -bakers, country shop. $50
and $35 and found
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 63$ Clay st.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper and stenographer.
Remington machine $30 and found
Tallyman S40 and found
Stableman $25 and found
All the above Jobs see boss here for lumber
company.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS starch work Ironers at Oak-
land Laundry Co., 630 Twenty-ninth st., Oak-
land. |
ALL sizes men's shoes, .lightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. V— t. 1st and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS bushelmen wanted. S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 71S Market st.
GOOD, strong active boy. 17 years old. Apply
S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market St.
3-CHAIR barber shop for Eale cheap. Inquire
BENNARD. 104 Seventhjs^
BAP.BERS for city and country: first-class
wages. Apply H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh.
"WANTED— First-class machinists. UNION
GAS ENGINE CO.. 244 First «t., city.
THE Howard Lodging-house. 549 Howard »t..
bet. First and Second. San Francisco — This
house has changed hand3; has been thoroush-
ly renovated and is the cheapest, cleanest
nnd qttlctsst house In the city: all the rooms
are hard finished close tu top and are all out-
side room*, admitting fresh air and sunshine;
large funny reading room; special attention to
morning calls: single rooms, per nlcht. 10c to
EOe; per week. £0c to $2. J. BITTERLIN,
proprietor.
MEN wanted, to learn barber trade; only re-
quires elx to eight weeks: day and evening
class; special Inducements this season; only
institution In the world teaching this trade;
map of city and tllustrat*d catalogue mailed
free. HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. €35
Clay st.., . -
WANTED— Men ta learn barber trade; only 8
weeks required; situations secured: wagea
while learning; transportatfon paid. GOR-
DON BARBER COLLEGE. 417 North Main
St., Los Angeles.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanic* to know
that Ed Rclkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 larga
rooms; Z5c per night; $1 to $. per week.
WANTED— Two and 4 home teamsters; apply
early Monday at 5.7 Fourteenth st., near
Guerrero. S. F. Construction Company.
WANTED — 3 coatmakers and 3 pantsmakers for
the country. J. BAUMGARTEN _ CO.. 7
Montgomery, st.
WANTED— Mattress maker. Apply J. PORAxT
cornere University, and Shattuck aves.. __st
Berkeley. Cal.
WANTED— Tailor on coats; steady work: also
pressman. 135^ Natoma.nr.New Montgomery.
WANTED— Underpresaer on custom pants. Sil
. Market st. - . . \
HELP TVAJTTED — MAXE.
WANTED— Recruits for tha United Stat-s
Marine Corps. U. S. navy: abla-bcdied. art-
married men. of rood character, bet— een tht
ares of 21 and 33 years; not less than . fe»;
4 inches and not over « feet 1 Inch la heigh* •
must be citizens of the United State* cr per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, writi
and speak English properly. For further in.
formation npply at the Marina Reenmin?
Office, 49 Ellis St.. San Francisco. CaL. cr
CO K St.. Sacramento. C*L
BOY having a h— r?e to deliver momlns caper;
one residing in the Mission or Potr.ro pre-
ferre— 7C3 Aahbury st.
FIRST-CLASS whltewaahers and whiteners;
take charge of machine on shares. 11j3 Jj.: v -
Bon st.
YOUNG man learn trade: worked at leather
trade preferred. Trunk factory. Seventeenth
st-. near Fol^om.
HANDY man for painting:, paperhan^lng. u>
holstcrins:. etc.: $25 per month, board ar.d
j room. _1 Grant ave.
WANTED — Al blacksmith's helper and wood-
worker. B. GRAVI. CO.. 4-1 Pacific st.
ERRAND boy for printing department. JOHN
PARTRIDGE. 206 California st.
BAKER, second hand. 142 Second st.
BARBERS; 3-chalr shoo fcr sale; must be so!_
at once. 213 O'Farrell st.
WANTED- Man to be generally useful around
kitchen. Hotel Repeiler. 7S1 Sutter 3t.
MEN to learn barberinff and hairdresaing at 3.
F. Barber School. 741A Howar 1 st.
WANTED— A soo- lively solicitor; bis money.
126 Eli Is st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 113 Keamy.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green bands;
all parts of world. H_RMAN'S. 2S Steuart.
PENSIONS-GEO. V. CAMPBELL, lawyer; .J
years' practice; Examiner bid,;.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; "00 rooms. 25c night: reading room: fre*
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to J2 per wee_
A HIIANCH of flea for CaU advertisements aad
subscrlptlona baa been established at IK** Va-
lencia st ¦
CLAPSIF1KD advertisements and subscription*
received at CaU branch offlce. TXQ Flllmors.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc—For Sale
49 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcada Horse liar* t.
3C7 Sixth St.; auction salsa every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSES— Young, well broken, for all purposa*.
cheap: best :n city. 721 Howard St.. nr. Third.
FOR rale — 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAlr
ZIEL. V»t. Dentlft. 6?5 Golden Gata avs.
lib I" SES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send tor cir-
cular. G. 11. UMUSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FELL. 281—9 rooms, bath, yard: rent CO.
A WEKK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
/ 15 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. XI per year.
HOfSES TO LET — PCRS1SHED.
BELVEDERE — Furnished house. Apply room
S3. Chronicle bldz.
C A LI FO UN I a7T; 1 1 . near Van Ness ave.-l>
rouni hou«e. completely furnished.
CITY. 14 r.. comr.jete; Broadway. Oakland. 12
r.. near I_lce Merritt. THE MCCARTHY CO.,
frlo l!arkf-t st., San Francisco
HANDSOMELY furnishe.T cottage; rent for
summer months very reasonable. 2S32 Bush st.
LOST AND FOIXD.
LOST— Two photo pictures of man and wif?.
Finder please leave same at Yosemite House.
IK) Market st.
LOST— Lady's gold watch: Initials E. F. M. ;
liberal reward. Keturn 136J Golden Gate ave.
LOST— Lady's goia watch: Initial* G. W. Lii.-
eral reward If returned to California Theater.
FOl'XD — Two greyhounds, one deg ana cna
bitch. 60 Tehama st.
, CHEAPEST and best in America— Tha Weekly
Call. 16 paxes, sent "to any addres-s in tn»
United States cr Canada one year for Si.
MEDICAL.
I MRS. DR. KOHL, only reliable ladies' special-
teed treatment al otrio.?. jr.: home, in contir.e-
ment: best care; con.uitation free and con-
fidential. Ui EiMy st., bet. Lraven~(;r:h
and Hilye: hnur.« D to 5. Sundays! lu to i.
DR. ii. W. CVDONNELU the world-renowns!
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. _rV lor years; treated thousands ot
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Write or call at
U-Ji. Market tt.
DPS. GOODWIN', well-known Iartle3 - apeclallsrt.
has returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure JC: huve trratfd thousands Bf case-3 with
success: 13 years' practice in S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 100T)i Mari:et st.. near 6t:i.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable speeial!.-t:^ yrs.
practice: home in conflneir.en.t: treatment ac
office. $3; any ailment; consultation free; con-
_<2<>nt!a!. 812 Pest St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; l&to
scientific metho^is; treatment. {..
Dr. James Pierce, _6j O'Farrell. room3 2 and 3—
Female specialist: home or otile? treatment J3.
Y. 9.— DR. WISE _ CO., th- ladies" specialists!.
11T8 Market st.; every case guaranteed; Jj up.
NICE reliable home for contlncment: reasona-
1 ble. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR. WONO HIM. ht-rb doctor, treats all dls-
. easea of the human hotly. 113 Maaoa st.
CHEAPEST and best irj America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address to ths
United States or Canada ono year for $!»
postaere raid. •
MISCELLANEOUS FOU SALE.
I BOILERS, engines. Id-hand machinery. Mo.
J INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont sU
BARS, back bars, mirrors, ahowcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and ofttce furnltu.ro and
fixtures ; new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
S2 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can *hlp everything in 21 hour— J. NOO-
NA>T. KIT. ICl'J. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. abov«
Sixth; write for catalogue.
_____________ ____.
PRI__tATIC
SKYLIGHT
REFLECTOHa.
A new and e*c»l!ent device for throwing day-
"¦ light Into dark rooms through window*; tha
1 best in the market. W. HOLT, sole as?nt.
| room 8. Flood building: telephone Davis 741.
A — ALMOST new surveyor's level and tripod,
made by Heer & Fells. Chicago, for $l«0; will
nell now fcr $S0. ITncle Harris, _ Grant ave.
A— BUYS, sells or rents g?ar machinery, ts*
t:nt-< boilers', water pipe, shafting, pu'leys.
etc. ¦WIIITELAXV. t!6 gpear st.
WAGON for sale— Suitable for milkman or
butcher. Arrly 1313 Droderl-lc St., paint «_op,
off tieary.
E1>ISON concert phenosraph. price reduced to>
! S100: concert recc,r*J». C 50. 13ACIQAX.UPI.
531 Market St.. San Francisco.
A— S3 50 PERRY and Fedora hats. Jt 75. Pop-
ufar Price Hattrra. 22-) Kearny st.. near Pine.
NETV 2O-llsht T. and H. arc light dynamo wltl»
regulator, complete. WHITE. 51S Mission st.
FOX terrier pups: also pure white, blue-eye 1
fclttenH; chean. _17'_ Tehama st.
PORTAELE engines, boilers; Iron and woo<i
planers; lathes; 21-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beals.
• PEDIGREED bull puppies for mS»: a_. 1
months. S20 Howard st.
i SECOND-HAND fireproof «af«: 1 Ore and burs-
lar proof rafe: cheap. 42 Main st.
; A FINE suit. $10; <!r*S» pantsTj. 73. MISFIT
• CLOTHING PARLOBg. i.7 Montgomery gt.
'• FULL line cameras and photo suppMes: miDtoU
•I cheip. W*. A. HARTTE 14. U3 Examiner bl.i-T.
, WE rent fu!l-<Jrc!<9 ar.d Tuxedo suits for R 59.
I'ORTLAXD LOAN OFFICK. 23 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and s»^r>nd-hand: movin-j
. pictures. BULIiAKD _ BRECK. 131 Post st.
\ A NKW Standard Typewriter; latest nvjdel;
j cheap. Typewriter Exchaag-, <w California.
• A 10-TON Fairbanks acata and flre and burs-
lar rroof safe. .IS CaUromla st.
» SAFRS— New nr.d secr.nd hand. THK UEH-
i MANN SAFE CQ.. 417-4?^ Sacrarr.ento «t.
, SAFES— New and serond hand: ail siie^ TKIJ
WALTZ SAFE. K.D-111 Mark-t St.. San Fran
', ONK '4-sidetl sticker; 1 planer and matcher: I
I air compressor; . locomotives. 2?) Fremont.
' CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Calt. IS pa*;es, sent to any address In th»
Vnited States or Canada one year for $1.
postage pairt.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
I SECON,D-HAND. larse size billiard or pocl
• table." Address box 17G3, Call offlce.
120. ALLOWED on ol* sewins~machines for
• new. Address box 315S. Catl office.
• WANTED— By a dealer. 130 gallons of country a
> milk per day. _S;K> Twenty-second St.. near
Alabama.
I WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. 1L L. WH1TEH__D. 110 ilariwt »t.Buffalo Leaves for Southampton.
LONDON. June 10.— The United States
training ship Buffalo. Commander Clark
T.Hutchins. left London to-day and pro
ceeded for Southampton.
Weather Report.
FOIJECAST
moth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 10, 19iX>— 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka ....'.. 56iSan nieKo ;n
Fresno SojSacranvnto SO
Los Angeles 70jSan Luis Oblspo 70
Red Bluff I.. SSjMount Tamalr«ils.." »3
Independence • S2t
San Francisco data:' Mnxlmum temperature,
61; minimum. 53; mean, 57.
WEVTHEIt CONPITIONS AND GENERAL
The treasure has continued low over the
greater '«ortlon of the l*aclflc Slope. It Is be-
KlnnlnK to rise along th* .coast. An area of
low pressure overlies Idaho. Eastern Oregon
and Northern Nevada.
Conditions arc still unfavorable for settled.
Vhe* 'temperatures In the great valleys of
California are about normal.
Fog prevails along the coast of Northern Call-
f °Foreciu»t made at San Francisco for thirty
hours endlnc midnight. June 11. W00:
Northern Callfornla-Falr Monday, except In
extreme eastern portion, where showers are
likely; light northerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Monday; light
north winds. • ,
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair Monday.
' Arizona— Fair in southern portion; shower*
In northern Dortion' Monday.
San Francisco' and vicinity— Fair Monday;
fresh westiwlnds. ¦ •
ALEXANDER O. Me A DIE.*
, , . . - . Forecast Official.
GOIiD FBOM KLONDIKE.
Port Townsend.
Bteamer City of Seattle Arrives at
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash., June 10.—
The steamer City of Seattle arrived last
night from Alaska with $400,000 in gold
dust and 2G0 passengers, most of whom
are from Dawson. Thus far five boats
have reached the lakes from Dawsoq and
the rush for the States Is fairly on.
Among the returning Dawsonltes are
many women and children. Up to May 28
It Is stated the clean-up had reached $13,
000.000.
The season opened from three to four
weeks earlier than on any previous year.
A general exodus from Dawson Is report
ed for- Koykuk Hlvcr, where rich strikes
have been reported. Tho water In the
lakes Is reported ns being Very low, which
renders navigation hard and uncertain.
Among the ims«miR«ri» " arriving on the
City of Seattle Is William 'M. \U\\o, dele
gate from Alnsktt to the Democratic Na
tional Convention.
I II I I " S<S1 -« - .'«¦»¦*
Foresters Elect Offlepra.
Special Dltt'alcH. to The Calh
MONTKU13V, June 10,— Court Del Monte,
Foresters of America, of this city, has
elected officers for the «msuin(r
year nn , 'follows: Chief ranger, A.
M. Stafford J fiub - tihlef ranger, II.
J. SchaufelfJ sPlilor tvoodnmn, - V.
Olartc; Junior wpiulmaHt 4. uaohmftn;
senior bcndl«» ( Hi uouief.: Jiinihr' beadle, a.
L. King: ctiptalh rtf. the gunnis*, t* t>.
Lacey; recording fet'ct-t'taryV Ii, Oolristcln.
Capitalist's Sudden Death.
PORTLAND. Ore., June lO.-Oorgo'K.
Dean, a Spokane enpllallM , dropped doad
In the Hotel Perklnn this afternoon.' Dean
was a son of JuiIko Dean of Winnipeg
Ont., - and Is s well known * among mining
men. Ho hud Buffered from heart trouble
for some time. . L!J.iJOQIil!lHi|LlUBlli!lllilJ.
Fassed a Bogus Note.
Charles Carlson, a sailor, went into a
saloon at 245 Stouart street yesterday
morning and asked the bartender, Charles
Undruss, to change a $50 note. Llndruss
did not have that amount, but advanced
him $20. Later Llndruss showed the bill
to a friend and was told that It was of
Confederate Isaue and worthless. Lln
druss notllled Policeman Marston. who
arrested Carlson and took him to the City
Prison where he was booked on a charge
of obtaining money by false pretenses.
Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
ARRIVED.
Sl'XDAT. June in.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, IS hours from Eureka.
Aim stmr Siam. Xlgga, 39 days from Manila,
via }."acasaki 13 days.
Stmr .William H Kruger. Krog. 72 hours from
THIamook. via Eureka 31 hours, bound for San
Pe«lro: put la to lan<1 passengers.
Stmr Coca Bay. Shea. 72 hours from New
port, etc.
Stmr Matteawan. Croscup, S4 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Empire, Nelson. S3 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Gipsy. Lcland. 2* hours rrom Mosa
Landing.
Stmr Whlteibcro. Olsen. 17 hours from Green
wood.
Br ship Windsor Park, Lambie. 10* days from
Newcastle, NSW.
J5hlp Emily F. Whitney, Pendletcn. 25 days
from Kahului.
Bark Haydn Brown, Paulsen, 31 days from
Kahului.
Bktne V? H Dimond, Nllscn. 22 days from
Honolulu.
i;ktae S-N Castl* Hubfcard. 17 days from
Honolulu.
Sloop Impossible. Low. ( hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr llary C, Campbell, 9 hour* from Fort
Ross.
Schr Mary E. Foster. Thompson, 15H days
from Honolulu.
Schr O M Keriogg. Iversen. 23 fiay» from ila
hukr.na
Schr Hcbert Lewers. Goodman. 22*± days froo
Honolulu. • -V.
. SUNDAY. June 10.
Stmr PouCi Coast. Olsen, Albion.
Stmr W II Kruger. Kroe. San Pedro.
Stmr Pasadena. Hamilton, Eureka.
Stmr Tiltamook. Hushes. .
Stmr Famoa, Jahrisen. Alexander Bay.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr tin.itllla. Cousins, Victoria ar.i Port
Townsertl.
Stmr Westrort. Ericsson. .
Schr Ida Schnauer. t-'orensen. Port Gasb!e.
Schr Mary E Rujs, Wlkender. Tacoma.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 10. 1<> p. m.— We«t!5er
cloudy; wind HW. velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 1*-Stmr Tilla
mook. hence Jun* 10.
Sailed June 10— Stmr National City, for Saa
Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived June 10— Bark Tidal Ware,
from Honolulu.
Sailed June 10— Br sttnr Ereconshlre. for Yo
kohama.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 10— Bark
Tl'lal Wave, from Honolulu; bktne Nawsboy.
from Honolulu: schr William Renton. from, 3a:j
Pedro: schr J M Weatherwax. from Honolulu.
Sailed June 10— Br ship Lancin;. for Port
Pine.
In bay June 10 — BXtne Mary Winkplman: Br
bark Battle Abby. from Port Gamt>!f». for Port
Ptrie: Br ship Brodrlck Castle, from Pert
HlakeUy. for IT X: Dr ship Queen Elizabeth,
from Port Blakeley. for Callao: *ehr Lottla
Bennett, from Port Gamble, for Taku.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 10—
Stmr Navarro, from Bowens Lar.dinar.
SEATTLE— A rrtved June 10-Stmr City of
Seattle, from Dyea.
SAN 'DIEGO— Arrived Jur.f 1»— Br stmr Car-
Hale Cltv. from Hongkong, etc.
EUREKA— Arrived June 9— Stmr North Forlc.
hence June S.
OCEAN STEAMERS
MOVILLE— Arrived June 1"— Stmr City of
Rome, from New York, for Glasgow.
Sailed June 1<>-Stinr City of New York, for
Glasgow.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jun* lfk—Stmr La Gaa
co-m. fron Havre.
DOVER— Passed June 1ft— Str Grosser Fuerst.
from Bremen, tor New Tork, via Cherbourg.
PRAWLK POINT— Pas**! June iO—Stmr
WestTnland. front Antwerp; for New York.
K1NSALE — Pas*e:l June l'V- Stmr Columbian.
from N«w York, for Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Jun« ID— Oer ttinr
Bremen, from New York, for Bremen.
Sailed June M— Ger stmr Bremen, for Bremea.
TO SAIL
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs O G Prince. Phila
Miss M B Dunham.Cal
G A Montgomery. Cal
R W Smith & w. Chic
II M Merrlman. USA
H Keliar. N Y
C F Robinson, K City
J r Bray. Wash. D C
W MacMullln. Chicago
J J Kenrick. N Orleans
T E Harding & w. Ill
J Bourke, Chicago
J J Byrne, Los Ang.
A Weltenget. N Y
T Schlesslnger, Chicago
C Newberger, L Ang
J Loeb. San Jose
Mrs J W Bowers, L A
Master W Bowers L A
O A Downey. Chicago
M Cohen. N Y
J H Klnkead. Nev
M de Joybert & w,
Paris
Dr H A Vanderville &
w. N J
Miss J n Morgan, N J
Miss M M Morgan, N J
E Block, N Y
C Morgan, N J
C I> Simons & a, N T
S H Hepburn. Japan
F W Mitchell &. w.
London
R M Mathlas. Berlin
E C Vonrhles.Sutter Cr
G R Heyman. Phila
D R Holmes, Detroit
Mrs A H Johnston. Mo
M E Johnston, Mo
B E Johnston, Mo
H Van F Furmay.Colo
J S Tobln & w, S Mat
W S Martin, S Mateo
P D Martin. S Mateo
Mr & Mrs Flanagan.
Vallejo
G O Prince. Phila
GRAND HOTEL.
J Bonner, Fresno
A >H Klttredge, San J
Miss Jonen, W Va
R W Smith. Oakland
L, Church, Rio Vista
I Brooks. Sausallto
Dr G D Marvin, Cal
D J McCluskey. Oak
P A Dyer, Vallejo
O H Hammond. Cal
T A Boole. Banger
"W Laldlaw. Cal
J M Smith. Chicago
R L. Richie. N«v
O D Morrison. N Y
Mrs E I Laish, Nehr
C R Hawley. Angels
M Abrams. Santa Crz
A L Hobbs. Fresno
Dr J D Dameron. Cal
E T Frazer, Saeto
J J Groom. Los Gatos
t, Gerber & w. Sacto
E McComas & w. Or
R A Norman, Grldley
K ' J Conrad. N Y
Mrs Barnett. Ky
F Kreamer, N Y
A M Noble & w. Cal
Miss Ounn. Mass
D Kennedy & w. Ga
J L Bevis. St Louis
F F Sharpless &w. Pa
A Tognazzhil. 8 L. Ob
P ToRnazzlnl. S L Ob
A T Bell & w. Cal
R M Calkins, Butte
E E Wheelock. Minn
E'StM Smith, Chicago
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B Techyen, Rodeo 1
F Van Brunt.Frultvale
A Fuguerrao, Benicla
S T'Stuckey, San Jose
W H Price. Bacto
J Mulroy, Ingleslde
J Brown, Vallejo
W B Rlgby, Stockton
G B Jones. Merced I
H N Alstrom, Sacto I
J C Bothman, Chicago
S C Connors, Haywds
J L Wilson. Manila
C D Rhodes. Manila
O W Ko»s, Manila
R D Meyers, Manila
D L • Petrln. Manila '
R M F Blllngham. Ma
nila
L. Hawley, Manila
BISHOP LENIHAN PREACHES
AT HOLY CROSS CHURCH
Distinguished Visitor From Auck
land Discusses the Work of
the Catholics.
Right Reverend Bishop Lenlhan, of
Auckland, N^w Zealand, preached morn
ing and evening at Holy Cross Church
yesterday. At the 11 o'clock mass he told
of his experiences in Australia and dwelt
at, length on the growth of Catholicism In
that country. In the evening his dis
course was devoted to the charitable
work of the church. At the outset of his
sermon he said he proposed to point out
some of the works or institutions that
have been established by the Catholics.
He said there was' not a phase of human
misery or affliction for which the church
has not found an antidote or at least a
mitigation. He then went on to enumer
ate the various institutions thus estab
lished. He called attention to the found
ling asylums, the homes for the aged, the
Magdalen asylums, the asylums for the
insane and the lepers. He dwelt at length
upon the splendid work being done by all
these institutions. In discussing the
foundling asylums he paid a beautiful
tribute to the noble sisters in charge of
those institutions. He told how they gave
up the pleasures of life to labor among the
waifs who never -knew a parent's love.
He told how the sisters watched over and
cared for the babes, rescuing them from
death so that they might be brought up
good citizens. He said the sisters never
questioned the nationality or faith of the
parents of the foundlings.
The bishop then spoke at length on the
need of homes for the aged and afflicted,
of orphan, insane and leper asylums. He
told of the brave Catholic priest who sac
rificed his life on the island of Molokal
caring and tending to the spiritual wel
fare of the lepers who Inhabit that place.
He said that on Father Damlen's death
Other priests and Sisters of Mercy volun
teered and were pent to the leper colony
to care for the unfortunates. He said it
•was but a matter of time before they
would be afflicted with the dread disease,
but they faced death without fear and
with the knowledge that they were doing
their duty to the unfortunates.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
NOTE — In the above exposition of tile tides
the early morning tides are elver, tn tli» left
hand column and the successive tides of tba
day la the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column rives the second tlda ofi
• h<- 'lay. the third time column tha third tlda
and the last or right hand column elves th»
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, u sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on t>>
United States Ccast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign f— > precedes the height.
«nd torn the number given is subtracted from
the d*pth given by tft*« charts. The pIajQ9 oj
reference Ik the mean of xh* low»r }nvi waters.
MONDAY. JUNE 11
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United! States Coast and Geo6et!o Survey —
Times and Heishts of High and Low 1
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bar. Published by official au
thority of th» Superintendent.
NOTE — The bish and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf > about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
The Russian syndicate, headed by Count
Charles Bogdanovitcb, that Is to prospect
the Siberian coast for gold, sailed for the
frozen north on the chartered steamer
Samoa yesterday. There are about forty
in. the party, all told, among them beins
twenty-seven miners, headed by H. Rob
erta of Comstock fame, but more recently
of Grass Valley. Paul de Lamschkaffsky
also accompanies Count Bogdanovltch. He
was formerly a Russian mail agent and
knows every bay and inlet on the Siberian
coast. The vessel cleared for Alexander
Bay and will be gone about six months.
The Samoa was to have sailed last week,
but several things delayed her. Among
those who were to have gone north on her
were fifteen Chinese. Owing to the quar
antine on Chinatown these could not go.
eo white men had to be got in their places.
Then when everything seemed In readi
ness for a start it was found that fifty
barrels of bottled beer intended for the
comfort for the cabin passengers during
the hot weather was not aboard. In order
to make room for the beer eight tons of
coal had to be taken out of the hold and
dumped on the wharf. As soon as the
beer was safely stowed the coal was
sacked and piled up on deck. This was
the last hitch and at 6 o'clock yesterday
morning the Samoa got away for Siberia
with the members of the Russian Explor
ation Company aboard. Gold is said to be
as plentiful on the Siberian coast as it
is at Cape Nome and Cape York and
Count Bogdanovltch and his associates
have received from the Czar the right to
mine for it.
Balclutha's Close Call.
The British sn.p Balclutha, which ar
rived from Newcastle, N. S. W., yester
day, had a close call at the Farallones.
It was very thick and a good lookout was
kept, so Captain Hatfiela saw his danger
just in time to escape the North Faralion
rock.
The Balclutha. Is seventy-four days
from Newcastle. On April IS she ran Into
a heavy gale, accompanied by a high and
dangerous sea. On May 11 Bird Island
was passed. "This is a high unhablted
island teeming with sea fowl of every
description." says Captain Hatfield. "On
June S it set in very thick and at II p. m.
the ship passed close to Noonday rock.
Its warning bell being the first indica
tion we had of being on the California
coast," he continued. "On June 9 at 2
a. m. we passed very cloae to the North
FaraUones. It was very thick and the
light variable winds did not take us away
from the dangerous spot very quickly.
I'll never forget that spot. The war of
the surf, the bellowing of the seal and the
stink of bird guano was too much for me
and my crew and when the tug Relief
came aiong It did not take us long to get
a hawser aboard and soon thereafter
were anchored in the bay."
Sugar' Boats Arrive.
Eight vessels of the sugar fleet made
port yesterday. Some of them made fair
passages, while others were away behind
time. The ship Kmlly P. Whitney was
the longest -out. It took her 35
days to get here from Kahului. On June 6
she was caught In a heavy gale, during
which she lost her main top gallant mast.
Of the others the Haydn Brown was 31
days from Kahului, the Alice Cook £9
days from Honolulu, the William H. Dl
mond 22 days from Honolulu and the Rob
ert Lewers 22V t . S. N. Castle 17 and Mary
E. Foster 15"-j days from the same port.
The Eva made the best run of the Meet.
15 days from Hana. Captain Johnson of
the Clipper bark Roderick Dhu was dis
gusted over his long run of 21 days from
Hllo. but now that he sees what long
runs the rest of the fliers of the sugar
fleet have been making he Is beginning
to feel a little more satisfied with himself.
The Fidalgo Fizzle.
A tale of misplaced confidence is
brought to light by the lib«I filed in the
United States District Court against the
three-masted schooner Fldalgo for sea
men's wages. When John W. (better
known as "Wildcat") Parsons bought
the old vessel last February 3h«
was the Alexander. For years she
had lain on the beach off Alameda
Point and was considered an old
hulk. Pardons conceived the idea of fit
ting her up for the Nome trade. He aid
not have much money, but plenty of
nerve, so he had her towed over to Mis
sion Bay and hired a crew of twenty men
and a cook to do the work. The men
were promised, so they say, top-notch sea
men's wages from the time they ¦were en
gaged until the end of the Nome season
ana perhaps all winter. For running ex
penses they were to be allowed 50 cents
per day cash, and the balance when they
returned from their first voyage.
On this basis the men worked up to May
12, when even the 50 cents per day was
stopped. On June 2 Parsons, it Is alleged,
turned the whole crew out. telling them
he had no more work for them. By that
time nearly all of the men were In des
perate financial straits. They are of the
better class of sailors and some of them
have families to support. The crews of
the Xome packets had all b«en made up
and the destitute crew could not find
berths* One man had to pawn his wife's
dress to buy lood and another walked th«
streets one night because he had ; no
money to buy lodgings. ,
The men appealed to Attorney F. R.
Wall, who prepared the papers for the
libel of the vessel. The total amount of
wages due the men, according to his reck
oning. Is $1023. which will have to be
paid, unless the court decrees otherwise,
before the Fldalgo can leave the harbor.
There is small chance of her getting
away, anyhow, because it .is the opinion
of people along the front that the In
spector of Hulls will find her unseawor
thy.
Found Floating in the Bay.
The badly decomposed body of a man
was found floating off Pacific-street wharf
yesterday by Ed Johnson of the tug Re
lief and sent to the Morgue. The body is
that of a man about 40 years of age. of
stout build, 170 pounds. 5 feet S inches in
neipht. brown hair, bald on top. The
teeth are good, except for the absence of
one of the upper front teeth, which might
have dropped out while the body was In
the water. The deceased was dressed in
well-worn black diagonal clothes, sack
coat, pointed lace shoes, white shirt, turn
down collar and cuffs attached, and with
out underclothes. A purse containing 50
cents, a knife, keys, harness ring and an
old-fashioned silver chain of three strands
and two slides, with a tassel charm of the
same material, were found on the body.
Water Front Notes.
The horse transport Slam arrived ves
terday. 33 days from Manila via Nagasaki
18 days. The crew deserted while the ves
sel was In the Philippines, so Captain
Xigpa filled their places with Filipinos.
At Napasaki three discharged soldiers
who hud left their transports at that port
and were stranded manged to stow them
selves away on the Siam and were not
discovered until the ship, was a couple
of days on the way to San Francisco.
The Siam was not quarantined and la now
anchored off the transport wharf.
The' barkentine Garden City has been
t-old by A. M. Simpson to Swayne & Hoyt.
She will be put In the Mexican trade.
The cabin- passengers on the transport
Grant were landed yesterday afternoon
and this morning the discharged soldiers
will be brought ashore. The vessel will
then go into the stream: when the pris
oners will he landed onAlcatraz and the
sick soldiers at the Presidio. When all
are ashore the transport will dock at Fol
som-street wharf some time Tuesday
morning.
The Chartered Steamer Samoa "With
the Russian Syndicate Aboard
Gets Away for Alex
ander Bay.
Band of Fortune Hunters
Sail for Siberian Gold
¦, Fields.
Eighteen little girls dressed in white
and bearing lighted candles in their hands
received first communion in St. Anthony's
Church, on Army street,' near Folsom,
yesterday morning. The ceremonies were
solemn and beautiful. The parents and
friends of the little maids filled the sa
cred edifice and manifested a deep Interest
in the services, which were conducted by
Rev. Father Raphael Fuhr, O. F. M., the
pastor of the church.
The children prepared for this impor
tant event in their lives by fasting and
meditation. They assembled in the school
which Is connected with the church and
as the bells rang out the signal for the
8 o'clock solemn high mass they marched
into the edifice and .took seats of honor
Close to the altar. Following close be
hind the girls were five boys, who also
received communion. Preliminary to this
important ceremony. Father Fuhr preach
ed a short sermon appropriate to the oc
casion, after which the children stood
with lighted candles and made their sol
emn profession of faith.
Solemn high mass was then celebrated.
The choir rendered some sacred music
and at the conclusion of the mass Father
Fuhr again ascended the pulpit and
preached an able sermon, which was par
ticularly Intended for the parents of the
children. The speaker pointed out their
duty to their little ones and appealed to
them to bring them up in the path of
righteousness.
The children then offered their lighted
candles to the priest as a symbol that
their hearts, like the candle, shall burn
¦with love for the Lord. Just before com
munion and after that ceremony the pas
tor grave them advice which he said he
hoped they would follow in the years to
come. He also appealed to them to re
tain their love and confidence in God.
The sermon was simple and was intended
to reach the hearts of the little ones.
Then, two by two, the girls and boys ap
proached the altar and received their first
communion. These services lasted until
11 o'clock. At the close of the services
the children returned to the schoolhouse
and were Rlvon a hearty breakfast by the
officers of the Mothers' Society, which
is an adjunct of the church. After the
meal a low mass of thanksgiving was
celebrated in the church. Prayers were
said and the children sang appropriate
hymns.
In the evening solemn services of
thanksgiving- were held. In his sermon
Father Fuhr appealed to the children to
bo, firm in their resolutions. At the con
clusion of the discourse the children were
received Into the confraternity of the
scapula and were made "children of
Mary." Solemn benediction of the blessed
sacrament followed, during which the lit
tle ones sang hymns.. The services closed
with the Te Dcum, and as the solemn
prayer was chanted the bells in the stee
ple of the edifice rang out on the night
air.
The choir under the direction of Miss
Lulu Curtaz rendered a number of sacred
selections during both services. The chil
dren who received first communion are:
George Buecker, Otto Mutter. John
Drewes, Joseph Rupprecht, Henry Lo
ritz, Francis Stocker. Willlamine Moser,
Theresa Bohme, Elizabeth Baunbeck,
Mary Mitten, Anleta Bouc. Theresa
Shriek. Annie Fa'nger, Lottie Gohl, Annie
Rlppstein. Rosie Furrer, Mary Eberhard.
Maria Miller. Hattle Apel. Catherlna
Voas, Clara Schoensteln. Josephine Fur
rer and Mary Frances Noble.
Solemn and Feautiful Services Con
ducted in Their Honor-Names •
of £hs Little Ones Who
Participated.
Classof Boys and Girls Re
ceived Communion at
St. Anthony's.
CHILDREN WERE
IMPRESSED WITH
THE CEREMONIES
' THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1900.
9
FROM SEA AND SHORE
3un rises..
¦>un sets
Moon sets
ii"*.'
.4:4'
.7:3
. m
:? ITUnei Time) I Time I
£. Tt. Ft.
r> ,JL W H W L. W
h
5
a
lme
[ AV
Ft.
II ... 4:12-4.3 .11:73 4.2 3:32
IS ... 4.51 -0.J 1?:14 4.5 4:21
\3 ... 1:32 -0.S 12:5.1 4.T 5:11
!4 ... «:15 — O.R 1:37 4.» «:03l
L5 ... «:«6i— 0.7 2:IS 5.01 7:00j
H w |L w II vr\
Ik ... «:«! 5.5| 7:411-0.4' i~M
17 ... 1:47! 5.1! 8:27! 0.M 3:33!
i~
3.
3.
1 3."
!
tl s.
-i
I
• i;
i n
! l:
5:J3
10: IS
ll:<Mi
ll:53t
S:«l
9:09i
S.i
5.:
5.;
5.:
LJ
Steamer. f From. I Due.
City of fuebla. | Victoria Ac Puset Sound Jur.- it
Coquill* Rl»er..lGrajrs Harbor Unne It
Warfleld [Oyster Harbor [June 1%
China China and Japan, June U
Corona 5an Diego June li
Arrata Coos Bay [June 13
Projrwi) Ticoma (June 13
Titanla Xanalmo TJune 13
Tellus Oyster Harbor » ' Jun« 13
Orizaba Seattle June 13
Knrth Fork iHumboldt June It
Willamette |9eatt> ..„ [June 13
Columbia jFortlarul >Jun» It
Hoolta (Xewport „ t June ' J »
Newburg 'Grays Harbor !Jun» 1$
Crescent Citjr...|Cre^c«r.t City Uun» U
Point Arena |M*»nrtr>c;po..« .....[June f!
Carlisle City .Thlna and Japan | June 13
Robt. AdamaonlVanilmn [Jani* 15
l"n»v<Tse ..-' iOyster Harbor June 15
Steamer. [ Destination. | Sail*. Pier.
Pt. Arena. . (Point Arena.. [June 11. 2 pm Pier 3
State of Cal. Portland Uune 12. U aa Pier 2*
Pomona ....IHuir.boIdt [June 12 Pier 9
rnrtr B»j._'KMrr f "1 '-Iun» 1». »«m'Pt»r1l
Kmplr* [Coos Bay | June IS. 4pm;Plerl3
Mariposa . .'Sydney .iir.r l-i, » \>m> Pt«rr I
Corona [San Dl^ro 'June 14. namlPlerlt
HongXns M CVnaAJapan Jun- 14. lpmlPMSS
Arcats !Coo» Bay I.Iunc 14. 12 tnlPlerli
City PueblaiVIe * Pitt Sd.!June 13 IPler 9
Steamer. [ Destination. | Sail*. Pier.
Pt. Arena. . (Point Arena.. [June 11. 2 pm Pier 3
State of Cal. Portland Uune 12. U aa Pier 2*
Pomona ....IHuir.boIdt [June 12 Pier 9
rnrtr B»j._'KMrr f "1 '-Iun» 1». »«m'Pt»r1l
Kmplr* [Coos Bay | June IS. 4pm;Plerl3
Mariposa . .'Sydney .iir.r l-i, » \>m> Pt«rr I
Corona [San Dl^ro 'June 14. namlPlerlt
HongXns M CVnaAJapan Jun- 14. lpmlPMSS
Arcats !Coo» Bay I.Iunc 14. 12 tnlPlerli
City PueblaiVIe * Pitt Sd.!June 13 IPler 9
Steamer. f From. I Due.
City of fuebla. | Victoria Ac Puset Sound Jur.- it
Coquill* Rl»er..lGrajrs Harbor Unne It
Warfleld [Oyster Harbor [June 1%
China China and Japan, June U
Corona 5an Diego June li
Arrata Coos Bay [June 13
Projrwi) Ticoma (June 13
Titanla Xanalmo TJune 13
Tellus Oyster Harbor » ' Jun« 13
Orizaba Seattle June 13
Knrth Fork iHumboldt June It
Willamette |9eatt> ..„ [June 13
Columbia jFortlarul >Jun» It
Hoolta (Xewport „ t June ' J »
Newburg 'Grays Harbor !Jun» 1$
Crescent Citjr...|Cre^c«r.t City Uun» U
Point Arena |M*»nrtr>c;po..« .....[June f!
Carlisle City .Thlna and Japan | June 13
Robt. AdamaonlVanilmn [Jani* 15
l"n»v<Tse ..-' iOyster Harbor June 15
3un rises..
¦>un sets
Moon sets
ii"*.'
.4:4'
.7:3
. m
:? ITUnei Time) I Time I
£. Tt. Ft.
r> ,JL W H W L. W
h
5
a
lme
[ AV
Ft.
II ... 4:12-4.3 .11:73 4.2 3:32
IS ... 4.51 -0.J 1?:14 4.5 4:21
\3 ... 1:32 -0.S 12:5.1 4.T 5:11
!4 ... «:15 — O.R 1:37 4.» «:03l
L5 ... «:«6i— 0.7 2:IS 5.01 7:00j
H w |L w II vr\
Ik ... «:«! 5.5| 7:411-0.4' i~M
17 ... 1:47! 5.1! 8:27! 0.M 3:33!
i~
3.
3.
1 3."
!
tl s.
-i
I
• i;
i n
! l:
5:J3
10: IS
ll:<Mi
ll:53t
S:«l
9:09i
S.i
5.:
5.;
5.:
LJ
MOXEY TO LOAX.
HEIRS to unsettled estates In probate can r»-
<»:ve ca*h at once; aiep first or second mort-
•F.-ige loans on real estate, furniture and
pianos; no removal; prompt dealing; no
charge unless loan is irrantcd. EQUITABLE
LOAN CO.. rccm 603. Examiner building.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3J mort-
t--iire». undivided tnterest. real estate In pro-
1 atr; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before dolnr business else-
_J^i-^-_l { - McCOLCAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; life insurance. Room IR. first
floor. Chronicle big.. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY refpoctab'e private place ta obtain
libercl advanc*e on diamonds. Jewelry, at low-
rtX rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. SiS Market
- F h : _ tcl - M ' in UM - branch 19 Third st.
LOANS maa> on furniture at 1H per cent: also
loar* to ealaried people. HAP.SHBARGER,
•>*g Kin* Ft., room 34.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture cr pianos; no removal; any amuunt;
lowect rateg. BECKER & CO.. S6 Montgomery.
MOf-T reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watch**, jewelry. \V. J. HESTHAL. 10 gixth;
t::ghcgt fcrlce for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party en furniture and
piano*; no removal; low rates: confidential.
HONELLI. t 'nn> ervattiry Mdg.. WO Powell St.
AT 126 Kearny. room 9, re«;>ectab!* private
plsce to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
mtes; take elevator. Telephone Davis 835.
ON furniture and ;¦ snii without removal- quick
w-rvice: money direct; lowest Interest. Room*
C« e.r.2 C8. Uonohoe building. 1170 Market st.
H. MUnrHY. C30 Market ft., solve*, all kinds of
r.r.ar-rial rrcHerag; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
MO vV I 'i Y Io * r '" 1 •"'larted people without security.
HII-L. mi. 44. He-chants' Exchange. 431 Calif.
TO ealaried people; without security all buM-
r.pfs confidential. Toutlcy Co.. £21 Parrctt big.
CAS-H loaned to salaried p«»ople on note without
ir. J .crser. MOKP.ELL. €03 Examiner building.
ON furniture, rianr*. without removal; no
(ymmlssicn; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
TO ea'.sjit^d m»n without collateral or tndorser.
¦ 7--. IH»<^>unt AtwifT. 143 Phelaji building.
MOSEY WAXTKOl
¦vv"ANTEI>-$!f^0 on choice Buhurban~~iract7~l2
per ttnL AUdresc box 26C2. CaJl oSJee.
MUSICAL. IXSTItUME.VTS.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS:'. BARGAINS!'!
IT'S. 1175. $200. «50.
BLT KOW-PON'T "WAIT.
. MAUVAIS'. 768 Market St.
PACKARD PIANOS ar.d ORGANS.
I^et^t imrrovert/entB. Finest Tone.
Most Reautlful Cases. Fair Prices
MAfVAIS' MVSIC CO.. T«» Market St.
PAYMENTS accepted for all kinds of Musical
Ir.ss.!-uments. tf you don't war.t to pay cash
et MAUVAIS'. TCT Market st.
¦ Af5 *"« represent the best make of pianos In
p^ p n" grade, rrom Stelnvav 43ow~n to low-
T riced makes, and es our Installment pay-
ments are ea*!er than those of other deaters.
vie ar* the people from whom you choald
purchase; new upright pianos. $S cash. $6 per
mor.th: other pianos $3. $4 and S3 p*r month.
fHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers
cor. Kearny and Sutter Bte.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth asd Broadway, Oakland.
AT??OLl'TELV the oldest and largest houw
¦rot of Chicago lc KOHLER A. CHASE'S
*9C, rs and 30 OFarrell st.; pianos, organs and
t'.I other musical Instruments of all grades
and price*; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
ruj-tcmer.
AN uprijrht. irood condition, $S5: I>ecker Bros "
baby prand. a Fr.a", $250. BENJ. CURTAZ &
RON, 16 OFarrell Ft.: Chlckertnir, Eteck,
Yos<\ Sterling and Curtaz Pianos.
J~<">n Immediate ea"e— A beautiful uprlirht. 3-
7-»dsI piano: used only a few months: elegant
f-ase: fine tone; good as new; $150. Room 10,
Flood building. !
I3AHGAINS-A few pianos will b« sold this
»wk for Oor«f»: offer* wanted (cash or In- ,
Ftalim^nts). Wilson's Storage Co.. 1710 Mrkt. I
SACRIFICED for rash: a handsome upright
jiano. I'.OO; scld to close up estate. Room
12, Fltx •! bu"dl&r. '
4-TK»OM furniture, also square j-ls.no, for sale:
no dealer*. IV* Ce<lar ave.. corner Larkin »t. !
ETEIXWAY upright. $1SJ; Installments, $3. li.
BO; rents tl up. HEINE'S. 121 Ellis et.
FTN'n Kreli urrijrM piaro at a great bargain.
S7A1HAM. 1M McAllister rt.
EDUCTION Fa!e: new plan"?. J5 payments;
: r rest. »: up. BRUENN. 2CS Post st.
rMnri & CO.. Byron Mauiy Pianos. 308 to j
-- Post rt.
1 r 'I> F!*chrr; rreat barraln. SCIIMITZ^ IS ¦
KcAZUstCr ft., next Hibernla Bank.
V. '1. BADGER. 412 Sacramento »t.. agent for
F-anrt« :...'¦-! r. • .] Ha'iett & Davis puuios.
L'PERIOX* violins, zithers, old and new. IL
'ULLEK. rr.aker. repairer, 2 Latham place.
iTArrST and best In America— The Weekly
all. 1€ pages, sent to any address In the J
'¦n;t#-<J F:atps or Canada cue year for $L i
f.ec- paid. !
OFFICES AXD STORES — TO LET.
""< TTiTT ITlMHSJ 3C-x«. well lighted from four
¦wir.irw*; on wrond floor; First St., near Mar-
ket; eltctrlc power in building ; use of freight
elevator; run reasonable to rlgnt party. Ad- j
•:rcsj> box 3C0S. Call.
T r > let — IS1> Howard rt. : store and 3 rooms:
f^'ond floor of S rooms, with large yard and !
f table containing 8 r tails: reut $S0; will sub- i
<i'.vl<".» and rrrslr to suit. LANDRY C.
I'.ARIN. 413 Kearr.y tu
$. r .s— 'LARGE store; 2Z sixth st. Apply on
r/r»m's«>F.
LARGE rjores and sur.ity offices near Hall of
¦Tuttlc. Court block. BABIN. 4IJ Kearny st.
A VTHKK'S news for E cents. The Weekly Call.
1% pures. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OIL LA5DSJ
<j;l lands for bale: and to lease.
have eholc* properties and will assist
IErt'e» to rrjranize companies and secure
capital. AMEP.OFE HARRIS and T. A.
T'.KLL. ro»-,rr« €11-12-13. Examiner building.
PALMISTRY.
MMX. Neercaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
PalmUtry: reads 1 to I. 616 Geary, r.r. Jones.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. «clentlflc palmist. S15
Taylor rt.. "r*t. Of ary & Po«t: phrrne Black 161.
PEUSOVALS.
DANIEL CROWLET. Plma Co.. Ariz.— To your
fcjjvintage to address L E. JARRETT. Law-
yer, Hearst building.
LnDERER, the up-to-<!at» hairdresser.
Use elegar.tly r«-ntt*d his parlors.
Its now the neatest pla^e In town.
HairdresElng only 2Sc. though.
•Juintor.lra hair tonic. 2-V: bottle.
Foamo Shampoo, he package.
Indirpen** hie articles. 123 -Stockton rt.
PARALYSIS positively cured. al*o nervous.
skin and lung diseases, rheumatism, ossifica-
tion and stiff jo'nts; no drugs; no knife. DR.
L. J. PTRATTON. W7-5M Parrott bldg.. over
Emporium. Han Francisco; consultation free.
ELECTRIC lights In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third rt.. near Market: 100 rooms;
ir.c to $1 M per night; $1 DO to Si per week;
tree 'bui and bargace to and from the ferry.
ACADEMY for the NEW SCIENCE OF HEAL-
ING- all 4<vav* are curable; WITHOUT
I 'RUGS. WITHOUT OPERATIONS: consulta-
tion free. DR. WM. SCHMITT. E27 Post et.
A Vnr.lZ shampoo & treatment for falling hair
and dan'lrufT with each SQc bottle of N«"w DIs-
oov^ry Hair Totiio: agents wanted. 118 Eddy.
A'-i- parties having Fharw In the Eutro Rall-
rtiai not sold to the gutter-street railroad
address Box SIM". Ca'l.
USE Llllle Webb's soap, made frcm California
olive oils, roots and herbs; ICtc at druggists:
agents war.i«i. 13.0 Stevenson, brt. S & 10 a.m.
IxKTTOR wa-;ts position as assistant to physi-
cian; murt make expenses. Uox 4367. Call
orace. ¦;
AN cl^rart **ult for $10 75 frcm Imported cr do-
mestic remnants. I.. I.EMOS; 1117 Market St..
Ulwwa Seventh and Eighth.
$1 W MISSES' Iti4 shoes for 60c a pair at THE
BUE HIVE SHOIiCO.. 7J7 Market, nr. Third.
1IIFS FHELDON. chlrfpodist and magnetic
treatment. tU> Market ft., second floor, rm. 37.
O D. MORSE photographer. 2«0S Pacific are..
t*>twetn PJerc* and Scott; phone Stelner £391.
IF you wl»>h full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN. Ii7 Third; tel. Black 4ia.
LADIEP' a.n.1 rents' cat-toff clothing bought and
Fdd. Eilvrman. ag« Folsom. tel. Folsom 1191.
ri'LL-DP.EFS and other suits bought: also old
gold. Portland Loan Office, a Stockton st.
HAIR qi-i'l<!y curled or v.aved by using Tal-
cotfB Curling Fluid; 25c bottle; drug*ri*-U.
CAFT-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
s*rid postal. COLEMA.VC. MW Kearny st.
CHEAPEST and be*t In America— The Weekly
Cat* 36 t-"C"*«. "* nt to * n > r address tn the
United fi;atcs or Canada on* year for $1.
PIIOTOCBAPIIIC 5CPPJLU5S.
\Vir7can~lcodTks free; photo supplies. I'-ackut
studio. 11 Cetry «t.. ground floor.
PHYSICIAN'S AXD Sl'RGEOXS.
DR C C. O" DONNELL— Offlee and residence,
nil's Market cU. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
HKAL ESTATE!— CITY— KOIi 8ALJQ.
A, M. SPECK & CO.. $67 Market st..
° p Po«lte Kearny.
$42,500— Rents »«*»; lot 80xU7:t feet: modern
building; rays 10 per cent.
JS2.000— Fourth tt., near Townsend; 137:6x
137:6; near railroad and warehonsea.
S2S.O00— Vicinity Larkin and McAllister; lot
6S:9xl20 feet: two frontages; rents CIO.
123,000— Sixth et.; 75 feet frontage; 4 stores
and M> rooms above; rents J200.
J12.&00— Half block from Market and Steuart
sts. ; brick bulldlnc.
$12,500— Ninth st.. close to Mission: 33 feet
front: two stores and flats.
$11.000— Market-et- corner; stwe and Cats;
modern buIJdlag; rents $85; lot 25x100 feet.
JSOOO-IleRU 1100; lot 100x137:6; Powell-st. car
line.
%'tM— Broadway. between Buchanan and
V/*bster »ts.; lot 34:4HxU2 feet; choicest real-
dene» site.
tC-VOO— Six bay-window flat*; rents S66; lot
45x75. near Sixth and Howard sts.
$Gi00— U26 Bush st.; lot 30x137:6; house of 14
rooms; most be sold.
VJOkO— Powell Ft.: three flats; rents $S2.
!U.VX>-Four fine Cats; Capp st. ; irnts $40.
$3000— Kents $/41; five fiats; two frontages;
Vail* Jo Rt. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market._
LARGK LOTS FOrt SALE AT A- BARGAIN.
Oo PREriTA AVE., opp. HOWARD et. ; SOx
123: or will subdivide.
YORK AND TWENTT-SIXTH STS.-N. E.
corner. "¦'vlt>>; or will subdivide and sell single
lets at $«T»'i.
Gl'ERKKRO St.. bet. Thirteenth and Four-
teenth—Lot 4"ix75: good place for flats. Other
I hoti»«s and lots in all narts of the city. See
our Drintfd lists and apply to C. S. CAPP &
CO.. Real Estate Agents. 630 Market st.
$SCK»— TO close an estate; lot 63x137:6: brick im-
provements: 5 flats: rents 163; could be im-
proved to brine $100 the month; west side
Stockton to rear street, between Lombard
and Filbert. Apply R. McCOLOAN, 24 Mont-
gomery St.. room 3.
$2700— A BARGAIN.
Cottage, 5 pxiras and bath; In Mission; nearly
new; fine location; high basement; beautiful
garden: sur.ny side of street: near 2 car lines,
unubstructf-d view; cost $3600. Box 2607, Call.
$S500 — FINE Investment: 3 dwellings: all occu-
pied; lot 77:6x130; corner Bartlett and Twenty-
Mxth M*. : must be srld; owner going East.
Apply to J. F. PLL'MHE. 1402 Valencia Bt.
UOrERX houses and flats bulit at lowest
prices: plans and «tlmate« furnished for all
biilMing work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission at.
REAJi ESTATE — COLNTHV — For Sale
S7H ACRES: under cultivation; best land: 55
acres in grain: 7 acrn tn apples, balance,
potatoes and pasture; 2 stations, Vi and 2
miles out; 2 dwellings, barn ar.d II outbuild-
ings; horses, cattle, chickens, machinery,
wagons: all first-class; $7500. Particulars by
J. L. JARMAN, Owner. Aptos, Santo. Crux
County.
FOR gale— Sallnaa; house with corner lot CO feet
front oo Main ftreet by 130 feet deep; black -
cmlth ahop, new windmill and tank; well
fenced; would qualify for saloon also; price
(750; If desired $230 on mortgage at 10 per
cent. Inquire at old brewery, Henry Schlnkel.
MARI.N CO.. 2« mllM from S. F.-J40 to JSO per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and veretable lands: »a»y terms; rail
and water transit: «cood schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., room 2. Sth floor. Mills bldg.. S.F.
LEVEL cleared fruit land; 100 acres $2500. M.
GRIFFIX. 719 Market, room 1. nr. Call bldg.
M. GRIFFIN, 71» Market— 120 acre* cheap; po-
tatoes, apples, berries, wood, water, house.
FOR sale— Bargain; 70-acre ranch, near New-
caM'e. Plaor County. Inquire 767 Market »t.
noOMS FOR HOt'SEKEEPI.VG.
BUCHANAN, WlT corm?T~FTn-¥mmy : ~Tay-
window and kitchen, furnished; housekeeping;
Move; $13.
BCSH. 1408— Rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing.
CHESTNUT, TK\. North neach-Furnished
housekeeping room; cheap; fine view: sunny.
ELLIS, eSS, nr. Larkin — Nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping, with use of bath.
FILLMORE. 61S. near Hayes— 1, 2 or 3 sunny
houe«keeplng rooms; German private family.
FOLSOM. 513 — Large sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping; $1 50 week.
FOLSOM, 834— Large sunny bay-window room;
kitchen; bath; private; 1.1; also 2 others, {2.
HOWARD, 613 — 2 large -unny rooms for house-
keeping; running water: terms reasonable.
HYDE, 40S— Sunny front parlor, with kitchen
complete for housekeeping, $1S.
JESSIE. 373. rear Fifth and Market— House-
keeplne rooms. tS.
MARKET, 1C>$— Large sunny alcove and kitch-
en, $10; kitchen and bedroom furnished, $7.
MARTHA place. 6. off Geary, bet. Mason and
Taylor — Sunny room single or 2 for hkpg; con. t
MINNA. 2*1 — l?unny furnished housekeeping and
single rucrns. 75c and $1 per week.
MISSION. 1121— Front suite of rooms, office or
light bounekeeping; other rooms; cheap.
MOSS. :3, off Howard, near Seventh— J or S
rooms furnlihed complete for housekeeping.
SACRAMENTO. 1514— Largs sunny front bay-
window room, second floor: elegantly fur-
nished; running water; grate; gas; light ;
housekeeping allowed.
SIXTH. 4?)— Bay-window housekeeping suite,
$11; runnint water, bath; other rooms.
SOUTH PARK. 1S4 — Two sunny front rooms;
nicely furnlnhed for housekeeping.
SUTTER, 1111. nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
elngle. suites; also housekpg; terms reaaonble.
THIRD. 362 — Nicely furnished housekeeping i
rnajnfl. $1 .'¦<> week; single front rooms $3 mo.
VAN NESS. 43— Sunny front rooms for house-
keeping. $12 to $18; elngle rooms for lady and
gentleman or 2 gentlemen, $6 to $12 SO.
VAN NESS AVE.. 1C21— Sunny front suite; 3
room* and kitchen; gaa range.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlons has been established at 1096 Va.
lencla ft.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2i») Flllmore st.
UOO.M4 TO LET— Kara, and Unforn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOCSK, 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market »t. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLARA. BlVfc, near Fourth— $6 a month; large
sunny furnished front room.
CLIFFORD, 204 Bills, cor. Mason— EJegantly
furnishad sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
OOLE, 761— A sunny front room, near Golden
Gate Park; rent J6 a month.
EDDY. 204H. rear— Nice, sunny, furnished cor-
ner room; cheas.
ELLIS 7P2— Nicely furnished room; closet, gas,
bath; allow light housekeeping; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 965, corner Sixth— Suite of 3 elegant
tunny corner rooms, suitable for doctor.
FOLSOM. S65, cor. «th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished sunny rooms, single or suites; reascnbl.
FOURTH, 272*4— Nicely furnished bay-window
and slncle rooms; moderate; quiet.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; travelers accom'dat«d.
GOLDEN GATG ave.. 8V»— Travelers accommo-
dated: suites or single; 26c per night up.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Suuny rooms, en suite or
iilngle; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission St.— Select
family rooming house: $1 CO to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 784H. near Fourth-Flnely fu r-
nlshed sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week up.
HOWARD. 640 — Sunny n»wly furnished rooms,
from $1 25 to $2 50 per week.
HOWARD. ?29— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
25c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. F34— Large front parlor, $2 and up.
LARKIN, 1702. near Washington— Room In prl-
vate family; rent $5; board If preferred.
MCALLISTER. HO 1 *- Room rultabla for 2 gen-
tlenvn. $g; single room, $5; gas and bath.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth-New furntnhed bay.
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 7S3— Nice Bunny furnished room, 2
beds; also two single rooms.
MISSION. 1E14. near Eleventh— Bright, sunny
room: private family; $1 25 week.
MISSION, 1€27— 1 or 2 sunny rooms for gentle-
man In private family; bath.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1016 Market-Nicely furn.
rms.; *tSc night, up; t2 week, up; transient.
O'FARRELL. 29— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean rms.. suites or sin-
gle; transient: running writer; rates reduced.
ROSEDALE House, 3D and 321 Ellis st."— Rooms
night. 25c to $1: week. $1 2a to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis Rt.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night. 35c tr> $1 10; week $2
to fS; month, $8 to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot. and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth <t.,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
THE OAKS. 11» Third—A cood rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
VAN NESS ave.. 401B— Sunny corner upper flat;
nicely furnished rooms; modern and central.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa beea established at 1096 Va-
lencia «t- - \
ROO3IS A3VD BOARD. "
CALIFORNIA. 807— An excellent opportunity to
secure particularly desirable accom. at mod-
cat rates; special rates families; sunny rms.
«n Bulta or single; best table In San Francisco.
MARKET. 1049A (Hotel Robinson)— Furn. rms.
•with first-class board; double, J10 wk.; single.
$25 mo.; modern; elevator; table board. $4 wk. ;
meals. 25c MRS. M. C. ROBIXSON. Prop.
THE BRADBURY, 1604 California— New modern
family hotel; excellent table; 100 beautifully
furnished rooms; moderate; phone Hyde 277L
SUNNY front room; all conveniences; board;
S20. 1016 Ellis at.
LAS PALMAS. 1C0 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private; bath; pin, rms.; board optional.
KOOJ1S A\U I1O Alt » WASTED.
WANTED— Home for gentleman and 2 chil-
dren In private Catholic family. Box 262S,
Call office. - -
SPECIAL NOTICES.
$«00 JUDGMENT for sale to highest bidder;
two men were adjudged guilty of obtaining
by fraud J600 from a poor old woman; one
of the men Is now occupying a lucrative
position as sub-Inspector In the Custom-
house. For full particulars apply to A. J.
MORRELL, attorney In fact for the woman,
376 Geary st.. room 1.
N,OTICE — Abandoned children In - the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January. 1899:
Elizabeth Ault. aged 10 years; Margaret Ault,
8 years; Hazel Wilkie, 10 years; Lydia Wll-
kle. S years: Ruth Wilkie. 7 years; Irene
Valdez. 9 years: Loretto Duran, 7 years; Mad-
eline Duran. 6 years; Ray Crcall, 8 years;
Otilla Bank, 6 years; Gertrude McClellan,
8 years.
PILES— PF.TER FP.EILINO'S pile salve. II per
box; warranted to cure all rases of bleeding,
itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1(52S Dr visadero «., ¦ near gutter.
BA1> tenants «*>-rted for SI; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
f"O.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
| teed.- Chaa. Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
RENTKD, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Ag'ncy, 143 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing »t lowest rates. 205 Fourth 8t. '
STORAGE A.\D WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South T62.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
TirKWHITIiKS AMI SUl'l'LlKS.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS-We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals. J3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California, telephone Main 268.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.A.MKDA REAL ESTATE. .
Jicoo— TWO weeks only; cottage, 7 rooms. 3 In
basement: large lot: pee this; it will cost noth-
ing. J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park St.
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure; bargains: one-flfth cash; bal-
ance In 1, 2, 3 or 4 years. Alameda Savings
Pank.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
HOUSES In beautiful Frultvale— Bend for full
printed .list of houses, lots, chicken ranches
and femall fruit farms. Address J. W. EL-
ROIV Frultvale station. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
1330 WILL buy a nice little sunny corner lot ZOx
70 feet In size, within oi\e block of the local
broad-gauge train, with street macadamized
and sewered, and suitable for residence or for
a store; this property must go, and cannot be
duplicated at the price. Two other lots, same
size, adjoining the corner, for S300 each. CaII
or write. GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO.. Real
Kstate Brokers, 1O0S Broadway, near Tenth st.
(telephone Red 666), Oakland, Cal.
BLOCK 64. must be nold. near 23d ave., 17th at..
East Oakland; a rare chance for a block pur-
Chafer. SAMUEL SWIFT. 1112 Eaat Blx-
tegnth st.. East Oakland.
OAKLAXU Kl'RMTCRK FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. Hth and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND XOTIGES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. H (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company. 327 Market st.. on and after
MONDAY. June IL 1500. Transfer books will
close on Monday, June 4. 1900 at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. II. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 18. of
peventy-flve cents f75c) per share on the Is-
cued capital stock of the company, has been
declared, payable at the office of the com-
pany, 410 California st.. Ban Francisco, on
June 11. 1900. Transfer books close June 4.
1900. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.-
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 10 (twenty-
flve cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market at., on and
after Friday. June 15. 1900. Transfer book*
will cloi-e on Saturday, June 9, 1900. at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS WANTED— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will he received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at iu office, room 13, 320 Sansome st..
Pan Francisco. Cal.. up to 10:20 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY:' June 23. 1900. and opened lm-
•medlately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing ¦ and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County, Cal. (railroad
station Yountville). for six months commenc-
ing July 1, 1900. and ending December 31, 1900.
Schedules with information, and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless It
Is In accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder must accompany hit bid with a certi-
fied check upon pome well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at leaat 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to C.
Mason Klnne, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter Into' a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance an required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount Hpedfled.
Address J. J. PCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Hom« of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansnme St., San Fran-
rlsco, Cal. By order of the Board of Direc-
tory J. .T. STOVILIiE. Secretary.
E1RTHS—MABBIAGES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in et ri!ii«T of the publication offices and lie
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. ":)f:\
NATION-ln this city. June S, 1900. to the wife
of B. W. Nation, a son.
nasxett, John M. Meade, Jane
Boyle, Patrick O'Connor, Annie It.
Dciucohl. Ouliwpp* Palanra, Joseph E,
Drake, Mnrgnrct Park, l.-wln B.
Oro-ss. Minnie Hlchanls, Km'ma II.
Harrington. John J. Hyan, .lofpph II.
Maher. Jamrs Smith. Bnrnh
McConnell, James F. Turnblad, John K.
BASSETT— In thin city, Junw 10. 1900, John
Melville, youngest son of John O. and Ida
ISassetl, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years S months and IS days.
IcyFrlendH and acquaintances, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 2204 Geary -"trcet, near Devls-
adero. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNRRAL DIHECTOnS AND KMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
, Telephone South 80. . '
/ncAvov «fc co.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS te KMUALMBR8.I
1239 Market Et., between Sth and fith. I
Telephone 8outh 217. I
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
£» at £a
SWITZER'S STOCKYARD/
Cor. TWELFTH and HARRISON STS..
MONDAY . . T ?" S . P'Yune 11, 190O,
AT 11 A. M.
We will sell 4!) head of horses from Miller A
Lux Ranrh. These horses are from 4 to 7 year*
old and weigh from 10CO to 120O pounds, are well
halter-broke. Will make flrst-claas driving
horses. Must be sold without reserve or limit.
Horses will arrive Friday. June S.
SULLIVAN & DOTLE. Auctioneers.
- Office 327 Sixth St.. San Francisco.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
GRAND mm HORSE MARKET,
377 Sixth st.. at 11 o'cl&ck a. o..
WEDXESDAT, June 13. 19C0.
Ey order of Mayor Pheian we will sell a lot oS
FIRE DEPARTMENT HORSES.
Also IS head of draft horses, young and sound,
weighing from 13oO to 1S50.
SULLIVAN* & DOTLE. Auctioneers.
&fc fej fei
AUCTION SALE
OF
50 HEAD HORSES,
HIGH-CLAS?.
SIr»d by DEL PASO. WESTERN. ROBETFtT
LEK. EXILE, etc. Out of nnr-j by PATCH-
EX. ALASKA. BI3MAKCK. KEMTLCJCY. etc.
Catalogues Now Ready. Horses Sow at Yard.
Bred by J. B. HACCIN ESQ.
KERM CCUXTY LAND CO..
TO BE SOLD ON
THVRSDAT JTNE 14. MCO
At 11 A. M., at
tSALESTARD. 1732 Market st.. cor. Van Ness.
CHAPE & MENOKNHALL.
Successors to K1LL1P & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers. San Kranciscoi.
BOYLE— In Oakland, June 9, 1900, Patrick, be-
loved husband of Teresa Boyle, a native of
Donegal, Ireland, aged 66 years 2 months and
23 days.
DELUCCHI— In Colma. June 10. 1900. Gulsepp*,
beloved son of Domenico and Lulsa Delucchl
and beloved brother of Albert. Robert, Frank
and Lena . Delucchl, a native of Colma. San
Mateo County, aged 11 months and 15 days.
DRAKE— In this city, June 9, 1900. Margaret
beloved mother of Mary. Elizabeth, John and
Joseph Drake and sister of M. F. Kerwin, a
native of Hamilton, Ontario, aged 63 years.
(E7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1467 Geary street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Npss avenue, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul,, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery. , ,
GROSS— In this city. June 10. 1900, Minnie, be-
loved daughter of Philip and Annie Gross and
sister of Rae and Dr. Louis Gross, a native of
New Tork, aged 26 years and 2 days.
{?^Notice of funeral hereafter.
HARRINGTOX-In this city. .June 10, 1900,
John J., beloved son of the late Julia Harring-
ton, brother of William and Annie Foley and
nephew of Miss Kate Daly and Mrs. J. Ma-
• gulre, a native of New, York aged 47 years.
"¦""TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday.) at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 340 Twenty-eighth avenue, between
California and Clement streets. Richmond
district, thence to Star of the Sea Church, on
Eighth avenue, where a hirh requiem mass
will be said for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at P:30 o'clock. Interraent Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MAHER— In this city, June.9. 1900, James, be-
loved husband of the la.ti Margaret Maher,
and father of Thomas F., Mary E. and Julia
C. Maher, a native of Kilkenny, Ireland.
Z^T Friends and acquaintances are, respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 671 Harrison street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his uoul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McCONNELL— In this city, June 9, 1900. James
F., beloved husband of Mary McConnell,
father of Frank. Mary. Veronica, Leo. Ger-
trude and Willie McConnell. and brother-in-
law of Mrs. T. Walsh, a native of Belfast.
Ireland, aged 52 years. A member of Court
Star of the W»-st No. 6?66, A. O. F., and the
SailmukerB' Union.
ICTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1320V4 Natoma street, between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth, thence to St. Charles
Borromeo'» Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
eoul at 9 o'clock, interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
MEADE-In this city, June 9, 1900. Miss Jane
Meade. a native of County Meath, Ireland,
aired 72 years.
"C7"N*otice of funeral Tuesday morning:.
O'CONNOR— In this city. June 9, 1900, Annie
R. O'Connor (nee Clark), relict of Eugene
O'Connor, mother of Eugene, Mary, Josephine
and Margaret O'Connor, and sister if Mrs.
M. J. Moran. a native of New Tork City.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 337 Alvarado street, near Sanchez,
thence to St. James Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re~
pope of her *oul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PALANCA— In this city. June 9. 1900. Josepn
E., dearly beloved husband of Rosa Palanca,
and father of Gustave, Roelna and Alphonse
Palanca, a native of Switzerland, aged 60
years 2 months and 16 days. A member of
San Francisco Grutli Veretn.
C7"Friend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
PARK-In this city. June 10. 1900. suddenly,
Lewis B. Park, second officer steamship City
of Peking, beloved cousin of Mrs. Vernon
. Campbell, a native of Searsport. Me.
RICHARDS— In Uklah. Cal., June S, 1900,
Emma H., dearly beloved wife of James S.
Richards, a native of Louisiana, acred 53
years.
CyFrlends and ncqualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at the
chapel of the Odd Fellows' Crematory.
RYAN— In this city, June 9, 1900. Joseph H.,
dearly beloved and devoted husband of Lucre-
tla Ryan, father of Walter, Joseph and the
late Charles J. Ryan, and son of Mrs. C. J.
Peterson of Petaluma, a native of San Fran-
riseo, aged 43 years and 1 month.
(CFrier.ds Rnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late reBl-
dejice. 44IV4 Brannan street, thence to Native
Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street, where services
will be- held under the auspices of Pan Fran-
cisco Parlor No. 49, N. S. O. W. Interment
Cyprena Lawn Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers.
OFFICERS and members of San Francisco
Parlor No. 49. N. 8. G. W., .are notlHed to
asremble at their hall this day (Monday),
at 1 o'clock, to attend the funeral of their late
brother, Joseph H. Ryan.
- ' C. A. GLOVER. President.
L. P. POWELSOX, Secretary.
SMITH— In thi» city, June 10, l:*00, Sarah, be-
loved wife of Hugh Smith and sister of James,
John. Patrick and May Ferry, Mrs. Kate
Fltzler and Mrs. R. O'Neill, a native of San
Francisco, aged 26 years 4 months and 28 days.
TURNBLAIV-In St. Helena. June 8, 1900, John
Edward, beloved son of John O. and Sophie
Turnblad. and brother of Charles, May, Os-
car and Theodore Turnblad, a native of San
Francisco, aged 22 years 7 months and 8 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 878 Greenwich street, near Taylo'r In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.CHINESE LOOK
TO COURTS FOR
LEGAL RELIEF
; Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk Bklrts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, 526 Sutter.*
Flowers' for . the Dead.
SAN JOSE, June 10.— Triumph Lodge.
Knights of Pythias, to-day Inaugurated
in > California the ceremonies ; of decorat
ing; the graves of deceased comrades. In
the future the second Sunday in May will
be the- decoration day of the order. Cap
tain Van: Dulsern ; was in command and
there was a large attendance. and a beau
tiful display: of flowers.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, Me flask. Klchards & Co.. 406 Clay.
• E. P. ¦ Vining 1 , :• general manager ; of the
Market-street; Railway, lectured on "PaK
estine" ' to a ; large: congregation " In . the
First-Baptist 'Church -.last evening. "He
read I an interesting^ account I of i his | travels
ln-thesHoly • Land, the. condition of i. the
country,* habits of .the. natives and history
of the places* he .visited;..-. -
Lecture by Mr. Vining.
Chiropodist Leaner Injured.
Ruben T. Leaner,; a chiropodist resid
ing at 1227 Hampshire street, was severely
injured by being thrown, from hi? buggy
while driving along the Ocean boulevard
yesterday. afternoon. He lay in an uncon
scious; condition :- until discovered by a
young man named Lewis, who took him
In his buggy to the Trocadero house,
from which place he was sent to the City
and County Hospital. It was found there
that his spine v/as injured.
Will Lecture on '/Cranks."
Henry Austin Adams will deliver the
final lecture of the Catholic Truth Society
series in Metropolitan Hall Thursday
evening next. "Cranks," the subject se
lected, is the most brilliant and humorous
of all his lectures, and Is instructive and
inspiring as well. Mr. Adams entertains
a very high opinion of cranks and will
show that the world has use for them
Tickets at 25 cents each may be obtained
at the office of the Catholic Truth Soci
ety, room 37, Flood building.
Funeral of Captain Morehouse.
The body of Captain George F. More
house was borne from the Masonic Tem
ple to Laurel Hill Cemetery yesterday.
The many friends and acquaintances of
th.e late ' mariner filled every avail
able seat in King. Solomon's Hall,
while the worshipful master, Walter N.
Brunt, assisted by the members of. Ex
celsior L/odge No. 166, performed the im
pressive ceremonies of the Masons. The
pall-bearers were Captain \V. B. Perri
man, Charles B. York. Captain John E.
McCuIloch (who piloted into the harbor
the ship commanded by Captain More
house on its last voyage). W. Pierce, John
H. Gray, J. II. Baxter. John Gerdts and
S. Wilson. They represented the lodge of
which the deceased was a member.
HOYT'S "A Tin Soldier" was pre
sented by the "all-star" cast of
Dunne and Ryley last night at the
California— good old Hoyt, good
old soldier, good old jokes! And the audi
ence rejoiced with the wicked plumber,
the fighting cook and the classic rest of
them, just as audiences .have rejoiced and
will to the end of all time. Good old
audience. :
Matthews' ."Brooklyn Bridge," the gen
tleman with the monotone in his voice
and ideas, is a clever and consistent piece
of- : acting. Bulger as the practical
plumber, Vilas Canby, outplumbed the
plumbing genus with a whoop; he loses
point, though, in this land of,the unfrozen
pipe and unbursted boiler. \Valter Jones
as ¦ the husky Rats did good work, but
one wishes he would apply to the plumber
—or some other competent person— with
that voice of his. Philip H. Ryley and
Tony Hart .filled acceptably their quad
ruple roles, as also Andrada and Bode.
Mary Marble did Carry Story, who lives
with Mrs. Hogg next uoor. Fortunate
Mrs. Hogg. This quaint little personage,
with her childish treble, is a constant- de
light. Maud Courtney's "Victoria Bridge"
was good, and Miss Tannehill certainly
lived up to and beyond her description
as a -domestic earthquake. It would
Rain considerably, the Violet Hughes role,
if- it were toned down. Gertrude Wood,
Adlyn Estee and Ethel Kirwan were en
joyable.
The specialties were new and clever, but
the quartet is short on ensemble and even
Intonations at times.
• • *
Morosco presents this week the much
talked of "Girl from Chill," a farce com
: There is no largely apparent reason
why the Chilean damsel should have left
her happy home for us, but she 13 here
and here to stay for a week. Edna- Ells
mere, a pretty San Francisco girl, but now
returned from the East, played, the title
role in competent fashion. ,Fay*Courte
nay made a charming Harieta and did a
Cakewalk with Gus.Tate that was the hit
of the evening. Frank Bacon's Doombsby
and Willie Bezozo, the Indian from Pata
gonia, was good acting, the In.dlan more
especially. De Witt Clinton walked
through Lighthearfs part and Ed Whe
lart's Bull winkle was acceptable.
• • • '
The Tlvoll opens to-night with last sea
son's «omlc opera success, "Madeleine; or
the Magic Kiss," In which Miss Anna
Llchter and Edwin Stevens will • make
their • reappearance. The cast in "Made
leine" Includes the entire Tlvoli company
and chorus arid orchestra, will be aug
mented. W.. H. Batchellor. will conduct
in place of Director Max Hlrschfeld, who
will take a vacation, the first in three
years.* Harry Cashman and Grace Orr,
two newcomers, will make their debut.
. • * •
At the Columbia Theater to-night. Kel
lar, the great magician, begins a limited
engagement with , an- entertainment - in
magic which, it- is' said, fairly outdoes
anything he has hitherto presented In the
East.*. The mere titles of his great illu
sions give a suggestion of what may be
expected. In "The Mystery of THassa"
he apparently the law of gravi
tation: • "Princess >Karmak" shows how
living human bodies. may be sent through
space with theTapidity of thought; -'The
Gambling. Ghost" savor's of a spook , that
plays cards : 'tThe Growing Tree" ' out
classes the famous Hindoo manero trick;
."Materialization of Men Out of Air";Illus
trates a:weird«Mahatma idea. : "All 1 ; these
will be given, .with; a new programme of
email magic. Tho prices during.the-Kel
lar engagement"- are • to : be ,25 cents,. 35
cents, 50 cents,; 75 cents and $1. -• ~;
' * • -.. *
¦ The Orphuum presents three new people
this week and the show is good.- There
are crowded . houses, ' as' usualv and'. the
people . go - away satisfied. - The and
Nobriga Company- this week present an
up-to-date comedy, "My Busy. Day." John
E. Camp, the man: who never, smiles, is
another of " the new , ones, "and ¦ Sydney
Deane. the Australian barytone, sings
charmingly. :
AT. THE THEATERS.
The State board of directors of the An
cient Order of Hibernians met yesterday
afternoon in the Hibernia Hall at 120
Ninth street for the purpose of making
final arrangements for the annual con
vention of the' organization which is to
be held in Oakland to-day and to-morrow.
There were present at the meeting Rev.
D. O. Crowley (chaplain), State Presi
dent J. J. Donovan, State Secretary Ed
ward I. Sheehan, State Treasurer J. P.
Henry and the following named county
presidents: P. F. McCarthy of Los An
geles, \V. J. O'Brien of Sacramento, C. J.
Murphy of Alameda, J. Dunnicliffe of Ne
vada, M. Farrell of Santa Clara, P. Dor
sey of Santa Cruz, J. J. Donahue of San
Francisco and P. Dlneen of Solano. '
Secretary Sheehan presented his report,
which was adopted, for presentation at
the convention to-day. It shows that dur
ing the past two years 892 members were
initiated into the order. Thirteen mem
bers were admitted from Eastern
branches on transfer cards, 19 were re
instated, 118 were suspended, 15 resigned
and 35 died. The total membership at
present is 4363 and these will be repre
sented by 300 delegates when the
convention is called to order. The cash
receipts during the past year have been
$29,740, out of which $12,244 was paid out
for sick and funeral benefits and $4544 31
for charitable purposes in relieving dis
tressed families. There is now in the
treasury the sum of $28,395 65.
The programme as finally arranged
calls for the opening of the session <at 1
o'clock this .afternoon in California Hall.
Oakland. This evening an entertainment
and ball will be given at Reid Hall by the
Alameda divisions. The ladies' auxiliary
convention will also meet at 1 o'clock in
Hibernia Hall. 120 Ninth street, this city.
. The picnic committee also met yester
day to make preliminary arrangements
for the grand festival to be held at
Schuetzen Park on July 4. There will be
distributed $500 in cash prizes and the fol
lowing committees were appointed to take
the" affair in charge:
Prlntlrwr tickets — Messrs. Dienan, Wrin and
Conklin. . Printing — Messrs. Dignan, McCafferty
and Flanagan. Badges — Messrs. Dijjnan, Ryan
and Donohue. Music — Messrs. Flanagan, Shink
win and Manning. Games— Messrs. Kelleher,
Moran McCafferty, O'Shaushnessy, Coughlin
and ODowd. Chairman of floor committee, J.
P. Dignan. Reception— State and county offi
cers and presidents of divisions. Judge of Jig"
and reel dancing, R. C. O'Connor.
Encouraging Reports Read
at the Meeting of State
Delegates Representing a Member
ship of More Than Four Thou
sand Will Gather To-
Day in Oakland.
PREPARING FOR
THE CONVENTION
OF HIBERNIANS
orders or communications or to tell the
newspaper men that nothing was happen
ing. The dearth of news at the meetings
and the secrecy of the gatherings before
the ¦ regular and open sessions are in
marked contrast, and either the doctors
have much to discuss or they are wasting
two hours a day in friendly converse.
More openings are appearing in the
lines, the latest being the admittance of
two missionaries, who wish to keep up
their work among the Chinese despite the
quarantine. And the report that certifi
cates have, been sold certifying that the
lucky holder has been inoculated and is
immune will not down. And the scandal
rising out of the offer to raise the quar
antine is also a factor in the situation
tiiat is still causing uneasiness.
But In any event the situation must
await the action of the courts, for the
case now pending is one that will settle
the question.
There were no demonstrations In China
town yesterday, and the Chinese Consul
reports everything within the lines quiet
and hopeful. Somehow the tip has gone
the rounds that surely on Wednesday the
quarantine will be knocked out in the
Feaeral courts. Where the report came
from is a mystery, but it is, there, and
the Chinese are looking forward to but
one more day of detention.
Work on Mission Rock has not stopped
because of the injunction, and the first
act after the proceedings in court, if the
decision be favorable to the board, will
be to take from Chinatown all the rock
will hold. This will be some relief, and
it will be followed within a few days -by
an order transporting all Chinese not able
to live within the lines to the detention
camp at. Angel Island.
fn? PATROL wagon loaded with pollce
//\ men from the California-street fcta-
II \ tion caused considerable excitement
u in the vicinity of ,Taylor and Fil
bert streets a few nights ago. Shortly be
fore midnteht the wagon bearing the blue
coats dashed over the pavement and stop,
ped before 204S Taylor street. A moment
later the officers scrambled up the steps
with drawn revolvers and disappeared
through the front door.
By this time the ftiajor portion of the
neighborhood had been alarmed by the
clatter ,and heads began to pop out of
windows to see what was the occasion of
the excitement. "When the owners of the
heads saw the patrol wagon and- caught
•sight of the striped legs vanishing inside
the house, visions of burglars danced be
fore them and the crack of pistols was
momentarily expected. No sound of battle
came from the building, however, and -a
few moments later the policemen slunk
sheepishly - down the steps, climbed into
the wagon and drove back to the station,
leaving the expectant neighbors to guess
the Import of their mysterious mission.
About 10 o'clock on *thfi night in ques
tion Mrs. Adolph Kepper, residing at
the number mentioned. approached
her couch to retire. She was dis
mayed to see a man sleeping thereon.
In ten leaps she gained the gro
cery store of Henry Holtmeier, a
half a block- distant, and telephoned to
the police station that a burglar was in
her house. Sergeant Duncan started the
patrol wagon for the scene. The officers
led by George Hackett and John Davids
found the lady near the place, trembling
with fear, and heard her story from her
own lips. She described the man as a des
perate character. The policemen, after
listening to her description of him, wished
they were back doing duty on the China
town blockade or even fighting Indians.
With pistols In their hands they entered
the room and covered every object In It.
Policeman Frank Howard's electric lan
tern was then brought into play. It threw
a shaft of light upon the bed, causing the
man to wake out of a sound slumber.
The sight that greeted the one thus
aroused caused his hair to stand "pompa
dour," and at the command to throw up
his hands, accompanied by the friendly tip
that he was "up against it" and might as
well surrender without a struggle, he ex
claimed: . • •
"Katrina, what does all this mean!"
At this the woman uttered a scream and
nearly fainted. Upon recovering her
senses she explained to the policemen that
the man was her husband. The officers
put their guns away and no word was
spoken on the drive back.
Mrs. Kepper Thinks Her Husband a Burglar and Calls Pol: c 3.
SHE THOUGHT HER SLEEPING
SPOUSE WAS A BURGLAR BOLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1900.
All present Interest In the quarantine
of Chinatown is dependent upon the re
sult of the suits before the Circuit Court.
There will be one before the court to-day,
but the one on which the Chinese place
most dependence is that before Judge
Morrow, which is on the calendar for to
morrow morning-. . .
The Chinese are confident of success in
this suit, and as it strikes at the root of
the whole quarantine, it will settle the
matter finally and speedily. . Should the
suit be decided in favor of the plaintiffs
it will mean that the quarantine must be
raised at once, and .whites and Chinese
must be restored to the positions they
occupied before the quarantine was
thought of. That it will be decided in
their favor, the Chinese and their attor
neys have no doubt. :
There was no 'meeting of tee Board of
Health yesterday afternoon,! a circum
stance that is worthy of comment, for
there has been a meeting every day pre
viously since the quarantine was put on.
The meetings have showed but little bus
iness, but before c ach one of them the
board has gathered in the office of the
Health Officer and for from two to;three
hours the doctors have talked, leaving
the room only when they had to dictate
Mongolians Confident That Quaran
tine Will Be Raised To-Morrow
and That the Whole Affair
.Will Fizzle Out.
Situation Unchanged Pend
ing Action^ of Judge
10
ApVTTOTISIMENTS.
WHOLESALE ADVICE
For People Whose Stomachs Are
Weak and Digestion Poor.
Dr. Harlandson, whose opinion in dis-
eases is worthy of attention, says when a
man or woman comes to me complaining
of indigestion, loss of. appetite, sour stom-
ach, belching, sour watery-rising, head-
aches, sleeplessness, lack of ambition and
a generar run-down "nervous, condition. I
advise them to take after each* meal one
or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, al-
lowing the tablets to dissolve in the
mouth, and thus mingle with the food
eaten. The result Ms that the food is
speedily digested before it has time to
sour and ferment. These tablets will di-
gest the .food anyway whether the stom-
ach wants to or not, because they contain
harmless digestive principles, vegetable
essences, pepsin and Golden Seal which
supply Jusjt what the weak stomach lacks.
I have advised the tablets with great
success both In curing indigestion and to
build up the tissues, increasing flesh In
thin, nervous patients, whose real trouble
was dyspepsia, and as soon as the stom-
ach was put to rights they did not know
what sickness was.
A 50-cent package of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets can be bought at any drug store,
and as they are not a secret patent medi-
cine they can be used as -' of ten as de-
sired with full assurance that they con-
tain nothing harmful in the slightest de-
gree; on the contrary, any one whose
stomach is at all deranged will find great
benefit from the use. of Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets. They will cure any form of
stomach weakness or diseases except can-
cer of the stomach. .
We want You
\ To See.
Our Prices
Atwhlch weareselline
China, .
Crockery,
(;ia«H>>are. ¦,
Come Just to See.
Great American Importim Tea- Ca. ¦
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
110-212 Grant Art, (Bet. butter aad .Post).
861 Market SU (Opp. Powell).
148 Sixth St.
SS5 Hayes 8t. «8 Third St
1419 Polk St. - «n Montgomery Arm.
me Mission St. 70S LuUn St.
3OCC Sixteenth St. 1S19 Devlsadero SU
141 Ninth St. 476 Halsht SU
2008 FHUnon St. S!S5 Million St.
C Market SU $73? 24th St.
OAKLAND -STORES.
106* Washington 8U «1S K. 12th SU .
1OT Broadway. : . 1188 SU At*. - .
k U10 6tTcaU St. >u . . iZii Park Bt.. AJuaeflfc
GUSTAYE HEDfKICHS Hi Us SYMPH03Y OSCHESTSJL
When here several seasons ago Mr. Heinrichs
directed one of the most successful Symphony
Orchestra and Grand Opera Seasons ever given
here: he at that time chose for his stint In one of
the peerle*3 Heine Pianos. b>*;n<c similar tr» one
he had seen at the studio of Mrs. Carmlchae!-
Carr. . He recommends it. as do all prominent
musicians, t.> all music lovers as being tho
perfection of piano art.
OUR BARGAINS FOR WEEK:
1 Steinway JH213
1 Henry F. Miller #^00
1 Knabi? i|»in."
2 Chickeringa * f 145, W.iZ
1 Fisher ." #1*M»
1 Schafter JU5S
1 Heine, original price $57> (almost new).. 835O
Installments $3, $1. lo. *6. $7, $10. Kenta JJ up.
San Francisco "Warerooms— 136 Ellis at.
BETTER
EYE-GLASSES
Than ever and at no Increase in price.
Improved clip— don"t slip— for 50 cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory
on premises. Quick repairing. Phone,
Main 10.
642 Market 5t. instruments
uNDta chronicle Bmt.DiH&. Catalogue Frcc.
F>AL/\CE HOTEL
The high standard of excellence main-
tained by these hotels is recosnlzed and
appreciated by a discriminating and fas-
tidious clientele who regularly irake tnem
their headquarters when In San Francisco.
Located in close proximity to wholesala
and shopping districts, places of amuse-
ment and with the further advantage* of
having street cars to all polnta of interest
pass the entrance. •
American plan. Enropean plan. y
GRAND HOTEL
IA/. T. HESS, :
H0TABT P03LI3 AND ATT0B5ET-AT-HW.
Tenth Floor. Room W» Claus Ppreckels Bldgr.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. ?21 California st.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
0 I rr finiMI Cora * r Fourth and ¦
1 A rr n I I I II I ou " Special ' bJow
Valises checked free.
Hitchcock School,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Rooms, Gymnastum, Military Drill,
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS AUGUST 14TH.
HEY. C. HITCHCOCK. rrtadjaL
£01.0 BEijfe
High quality — the best
qualtty— is our individuality
— reasonable prices and fair
dealing maintain it
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
MondayTuesdoy Wednesday
Claret— zivfandei 35c
A pure California product
reg'Iysoc gallon
Kona coffee— reg'iy 27k ib 25c
It possesses strength— flavor— aroma—
which should exist in good coffee
CoCOanilt— Schepp 22§C
Desiccated— flavor of the fresh
cocoanMt— reg'iy 30c lb
Puree de foies gras 20c
French goose liver paste for sandwiches
Teyssonneau — reg'iy 25c can
Vermouth— French 30c 50c
A white wine slightly bitter— flavored
with aromatic herbs — tonic for the
stomach — reg'iy 35c and 65c
Jams and jellies \ 15c
Luscious fruit and cane sugar
reg'iy 20c — 2-lb tin
BrOOk trOllt— reg'iy 25c 2OC
Packed fresh from the water
Cooked — ready to eat — 3-lb can
Port— private stock bottle 50C
Very superior quality gallon £2
rich flavor — California r ~
reg'iy 75c and $2.50
Sardines— i*pa • i2^c
The quality can't be better
reg'iy 15c can /
AsparagUS— Bouldin island 40C
Extra large white — delicious-
peeled — reg'iy 50c glass jar
CoCOa— Van Houten 80C
Direct importation from Holland
K Y% and i-lb tins— reg'iy $1.00
Shoe blacking— Acme . \2%
The best black shoe dressing made —
for ladies-children-men-water-proof
reg'iy 20c bottle
Tooth picks— reg'iy 25c pkg 2OC
World's Fair— polished wood
Llsierine— Lambert 20c 65c
Tooth paste— antiseptic I2^C
Thymol myrrh— reg'iy 15c
DuSt panVsteei edge 2OC
Made to last— reg'iy 25c
DuSt brUSh-reg'ly 35c JOC"
All bristles— put In to stay
Parlor duster-coiored ' 25c
. Gilt handle 12 in long — reg'iy 35c
for extremely delicate furniture
Crackers-eastem 25c
i-lb tin— fresh assortment just in
Fruit jars and jelly glasses
Large assortment— -lowest prices
Those in the country or those. intending
to go should secure our June illustrated
catalogue
4J» Pine 231 Sutter t3oo California San Francisco
1073 Clay between Eleventh aad Twelfth Oakland
,--;-•- • ;' APVEBTISEMENTS. "~ "
VI I KjS
BLACK GOODS.
DRESS GOODS.
WASH FABRICS.
S» 75 pieces Extra Qualitu FOULARD
SILKS, 23 and 24 IncUes wile, this
m\ season's newest effects- New Blues,
*^ Graijs, Browns, Violets, etc.
1 Reduced lo 60c yaid.
' Former prices 85c and $1.00.
24 pieces Plain Black FRENCH ETA-
FliTjn MINE, 40, U and 46 inches wide.
HlytJ Reduced to 50c and 75c yard,
* '* I " Former prices $1.25 and $2.00. .
35 pieces 54-incn CAMEL'S-HAIR CHE-
n . , YIOT SUITINGS, In Diagonals and
vTinmn Plaln TwI11Si
M? Regular value $1.00 yard.
18 pieces REDFERN CHECKED SUIT-
t\ • INGS, in a good Yarletu of colors,
IJnjinrniTin width 44 and 50 inches.
DdlUo. Reduced to 50c yard.
Regular value 75c and $1.00.
250 pieces 32-lnch SCOTCH CHEVIOTS
AND MADRAS CLOTHS, In Stripes,
j| . Checks and Plaids, perfectly rast
/jgfl colors.
Jv Reduced to 83G yard.
m%& Regular price 15c and 25c a yard.
. . Samples of ahove goods forwarded to anu address.
111, 113, 115. 117. 119. 12! POST STREET.
**-*. . -^TiTnrR.TTgTnvTEUTrs. . . _ , * ' -j-"-T-^,_ _-
/ J If *• • .. —^ SB Kl fa Ed JS jfy » 7 I Jr 1
We have just the things the (ffist
jpW, young chaps should have dur-' [ T^S
§U% ing Vacation and Outing. The v*5tJi
rfm&t proper fashions for the \3S
p¥ Seashore, ¦; /^ .
Ud Camping:, ||g
H . Springs, Jg
%#& n d le s ma H fashions for I'fsjfi
Zf%(& ] every clime and condition. (((«?!
fck^fe Styles that II cause you,. fond )\^!rf
Mammas, lo $aze admiriiigly 5&|(ifl
at. your fond hoy when dressed
Kp. '<t£\\ t .^ — \ Bin* c>^> *
y fl I — ¦—^^1 .— M" — . 9 WiXfVJ "^ Jim fS~'
01 QQ SUIT AND 3 to 10 SMA
xffStk $^'00 STRAW HAT Years. I\V%
\i0t Wash Fabric Suits. W^
r^kv We ' Te S° me Tempting Prices on This Line. \S>\&
Some Dressy Blue Suits.
a£ Qry/i Oxp hesitate vaL_
\^~-^J^ paying &ffi£^
<^^^ $3.50 for such a suit. Special at (mf 6^
$£&kf W&&^ coa.KEAR^Y STREET i//^8*