PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAX FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 18.
Contlnued on* Second' Page.
Colonel Quay announced himself as for
Roosevelt because of his confidence that
the Governor's name would assure the
success of the Republican ticket, but there
are those — and they are not enemies of
the Colonel — who announce the belief that
his position is the result of antagonism
on his part to Senator Hanna. chairman
of the National Committee. It was said
that Quay still remembered that the Ohio
Senator had used his influence against,
Quay in the latter's recent effort to se
cure his old seat In the Senate by guber
natorial appointment. Quay did not ad-
Among others who were taken into the
confidence' of Quay and Platt wa3 Nation
al Committeeman Saunders. who has be«n
doing zealous work in bringing over the
Intermountain States to the support of
Roosevelt's candidacy. Senator Penrosa
of Pennsylvania and Senator Wolcott of
Colorado are both In the movement, and
the managers are claiming the votes not
only of the New York and Pennsylvania
delegates, but of California, Kansas. Ne
braska. Colorado. Indiana and Illinois, as
well as of many others. All this, of
course, Is on the supposition that the fa
vorite sons will be eliminated from the
fight.
PHILADELPHIA. June 17.— The atten
tion both of delegates and other visiting
politicians to-day was concentrated upon
the movement In the Interest of Governor
Roosevelt as a Vice Presidential candi
date. The Pennsylvania delegation met
early In the day and it was announced
that the State delegation had taken a
positive position for the Governor for
second place on the ticket. The an
nouncement was soon followed by the
statement, which was made upon excel
lent authority.' that Colonel Quay and
Senator Platt and others In sympathy
with them held a conference last night
and had decided upon a plan of campaign
which was intended to bring Roosevelt
to the front as a candluate. stampede the
convention for h!ra and force his accept
ance of the nomination.
Platt and Qnay Would Force
th-2 Vice President Upon
the Rongh Rider.
BOOMING ROOSEVELT.
"I do not know wha.i Pennsylvania win
do. as all of tbe delegates have not yet
arrived here. I have looked over tne sit
uation and find there Is nothing els* in
view except the election of McKinley. 1
The Pennsylvania delegation will meet
tomorrow at 3 o'clock, when It is under
stood a resolation will be adopted declar
ing in favor of Roosevelt. It la stated
there are at least fifty-eight of the six
four delegates from this State who will
be for Roosevelt.
Colonel Quay this afternoon save an in
terview In which he said:.
Upon this assurance Mr. Bliss' friends
went forth with renewed couraga. They
accepted this declaration as a posltiv*
willingness to enter the contest and they
lost no time in letting tne fact be known.
"I don't want to jay that I will not
accept before the tender Is made, for
that would be premature." he said, "but
I do say for the hundredth time that I
hope the light man will be found for tn»
place and I will not be asked to serve.
On the other hand." he added, after no
little entreaty. "I will not say that If
nominated I would decline. I know of no
American who has ever declined 90 hlgn
an office, and I shall not say that I would
do so."
mit the truth of these statements, say*
ing there were broader reasons for nomi
nating Roosevelt. It was asserted by
those in a position to know that Roose
velt's "acceptance In case of his. nomina
tion was assured, but this was not put
upon stronger ground than that Senator
Platt had given his assurances. There
can be no doubt, however, regardless of
Roosevelt's own position, that he Is to
be the Platt-Quay candidate, and they
feel safe In the confidence that he will
not decline the office If It be forced upon
him.
The development In Mr. Roosevelt's be
half had the effect of bringing former
Secretary Bliss conspicuously forward as
the opposing candidate, and the fact was
announced late In the afternoon by those
very clcse to him that he would accept
If nominated. From the first Senator
Hanna and his followers have advocated
the nomination of either Bliss or Allison.
The latter has made his own declination
absolutely unequivocal, thus forcing Blisa
to the front despite his own declination
to accept the position, tie repeated to
day hi3 desire to be relieved of the re
sponsibility, but his friends left him with
the knowledge that if the nomination
should be tendered it would not be de
clined.
- Little booms speedily became submerged and big booms drifted without a helmsman* on 'the
rising Roosevelt flood. California's delegation dropped the Scott boom before they dropped their
gripsacks and declared that they had been pledged, to Trying M. Scott, without their knowledge.
Maryland swung into line with -almost a solid, delegation 1 . The Rough Rider country came;; to
the front with broad-brimmed sombreros' and cowboy j-ells. Montana, .Arizona and New Mexico
Instantly the air became filled with Roosevelt talk. Singularly enough it was not regarded
as a move against Hanna. Men close to the administration took it up. Hanna, who had said
that the convention should have the picking of McKinley's mate, provided it took a national man,
was taken at his word. State after State began to fall into line. Connecticut, that had been
languidly supporting Secretary Long, expressed a decided preference for Roosevelt. Colorado,
under the leadership of Senator Wolcott, himself a Vice Presidential candidate, was pledged.
Arkansas and Alabama wheeled into line. Senator Lodge, the Long leader in New England,
said, that if Roosevelt would take it Long's name would not be presented and the solid vote of
New England would-be assured. Joseph H< Manley of Maine called on the Governor and pledged
him the good will of the Pine Tree State.
This inquiry was prompted by the stories in the Philadelphia papers for several days to
the effect that Quay of Pennsylvania, Jamieson of Indiana arid Platt of New York were planning
to control the convention against McKinley and Hanna. It was speedily understood that Quay
had executed one of those brilliant strokes for which he is famous and had seized on the popular
ity of New York's Governor and the popular demand for him as a candidate for Vice President to
emerge from his seclusion as a defeated claimant for a seat in the Senate and become a factor in the
convention. . •
"Have they indorsed Roosevelt for President or Vice President?"
What may not inaptly be termed a Roosevelt deluge has been sweeping down on the con
vention town. It has come from no particular quarter; it has come from everywhere. So far as it
can be located it started in Oregon, the National Committeeman of which State declared for
Roosevelt last Thursday. 'But it did not break with actual violence until this forenoon, when the
Pennsylvania followers of Senator Quay announced that of the sixty-four votes from the Keystone
State fifty-eight would be cast for Roosevelt, and that this had been determined at a caucus held in
the house of Senator Grady, where Quay is making his home.
When this news got abroad at the hotel where the Governor, Senator Hanna and Senator
Platt are stopping, nearly everybody asked:
HEADQUARTERS, HOTEL WALTON, PHILADELPHIA, June 17.— Roose-
Mv velt's name is written beside McKinley's on the Republican sky in letters of fire. The.Gov
' ernor of New York will be nominated for Vice President if he will accept — and hens likely
to accept.
That Roosevelt cheer when the New York delegation came to the city last night — the first
and only one heard here since the town took on gala attire — was prophetic. Since then no one
has had time to cheer. Nearly everybody has been trying to make the Governor run for Vice
President and the remainder have been seeking to keep the other booms for Vice President from
being carried away from their moorings.
Special Correspondent of The CalL
A* the skies brightened and the mists
dissolved toward evening, the news of
what had been happening- behind closed
doors in the rooms of the leaders became
noised about, and the hotel lobbies be
catse animated. The situation with ref
erence to the rnan who la to stand with
HcKlnley In the cotning fight eudflenljr
PHILADELPHIA. June 17 -With the
Republican National Convention forty
«ight hours away. Philadelphia to-«iay
resembled a convention city ' about as
much as an ordinary town meeting re
eercbles a riot. Usually with a national
convention so near at hand, the hotel cor
ridors are choked with people, marching
clubs are parading the streets, the air
Is filled with the blare of bands, pensa
tional rumors are everywhere, and the
<*in and confusion are terrific. To-day
tfce <;uiet of Philadelphia was unbroken
by a single cheer or a strain of music.
The weather was responsible for much of
It. Jupiter Pluvlus did his worst. The
rain god simply would not be propitiated.
All right he drenched the city, until It
seemed that his reservoirs must run dry;
but the supply held out nearly aJl 0*y.
Toward night he showed signs of weari
ness, and the heavens continued to ooze
and drip as though the last drop of mois
ture was to be squeezed fr«<ra the clouds.
The flajrs and bur.ting with which the
hotels, clubs, stores and houses had been
elaborately decorated, hung wet. limp
and lifeless, and the delegates and s visit
ors •wandrrod aimlessly through the slip
pery struts. So heavy and dispiriting was
the gloom that the electric lights were
turned on in the hotels, but even their
glare could not dispel the depression.
Add to the influence of tb? weather the
fact that the rules of a Quaker Sabbath
are enforced h*»re. and tho p!c:uro Is com
plete. A little artificial stimulation might
have produced some cheer, but Philadel
phia will not be disturbed on Sunday, and
her guests were left to their own devices.
Not even a national convention was al
lowed to Invade the sanctity of the day.
A king's ransom could procure nothing
more exhilarating than lemonade, and
lemonade has no power to fortify the
blood against the inclemency of a storm.
In the afternoon the Callfornians took
pity on the sodden crowds, and dispensed
some Pacific Flop** cheer on their own ac
count. The .hcsptta'.ity of California is
traditional at all national conventions,
but never more so than to-*Tay. The prod
ucts of her vineyards. In baskets with
red. white and blue covers, were simply
Inexhaustible in the Colonnade, where
the Callfornians live. When the news of
what was going on fhere got abroad the
migration from the headquarters of other
States reoaJIed the trekkinprs of the days
of '45. Every face was turned toward the
Golden Gate, and seemingly everybody
wanted to live, at least temporarily, in
the bracing atmosphere of California.
California- Hospitality the One
Bright Feature of Sabbath
in Philaielphia.
EXCITEMENT LACKING.
Governor Theodore Roosevelt of New York.
By MURAT HALSTEAD,
CHICAGO, June 17.— Webster Davis,
former Assistant Secretary of the Inte
rior, who resigned his position after his
return from a trip to the Transvaal. In
order that he might better express his
sympathy for the Boers, passed through
Chicago to-day on his way to the Phila
delphia convention. In his pocket he car
ried several pages of Boer sympathy res
olutions* which he will endeavor to have
adopted by the convention.
"I shall so before the "committee on
resolutions." said Mr. Davis, "and shall
endeavor to secure the adoption of my
resolutions in the committee. If I am not
successful I rill avail myself of a proxy
of one of the delegates and go on the
floor of the convention anu make a fight.
I am determined to place the convention
on record, even If It requires the hardest
kind of a fight."
Webster Davis to Make an Ap
psal on Behalf of the
Sonth Africans.
BOER SYMPATHY.
California delegates have been busy to
day investigating 1 the situation. They
held a meeting at 5 o'clock this afternoon.
The delegation was all complete, except
U. S. Grant and H. G. Bond, who are not
yet on the field, but are expected. The
delog-ation discussed the availability of
many candidates. They, however, deter
mined on no one specially until they know
officially who will be in the field.
Quite a number of the delegation went
v.ith M. A. Gunst this morning to pay hi.
Informal call upon Senator Quay. The
Senator received the delegates at his city
home. Among those who called were
Knight. Peixotto. Van Fleet. Robbing,
Powers and Hideout.
Individual members of the California
delegation early in the day concluded
that Dolllver nf Iowa would be as good a
rnan as the West afforded, and It wait
freely predicted that at least sixteen of
the eighteen delegates would vote for Dol
liver. but toward evening It was per
ceived which way the wind was blowing,
and later it was stated without reserva
tion that if Roosevelt would accept Cali
fornia would cast her united vote for him.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WALTON
HOTEL. PHILADELPHIA. June 17.-The
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Members of the California Dele
gation Confer With the
Senator.
CALL UPON HANNA.
grew interesting and exciting. The light
of some of the stars of lesser magnitude,
like Irving M. Scott of California. Judge
Trlpp of South Dakota and Lieutenant
Governor Woodruff of New York, went
out with Roosevelt's appearance. Badges
¦with the vig-nettes of McKinely and
Roosevelt appeared In profusion.
Stampede to the Rough Rider Started in the National Con
vention City — Platt and Quay Arrayed
Against Hanna.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
A#EW YORK, June 17.— The World has the following from Philadelphia:
M M Governor Roosevelt said at midnight:
"I still believe that I will not be nominated. The New York dele
gation will not present my name. I control that situation. I cannot tell
what other States may do.
"I am but human. To decline would be to ruin my political career. I
have fought against this as long as I can. The party seems to want me. No
sane man commits suicide.
"What I have said heretofore has been said in good faith. I have no
desire to cheapen the Vice Presidency. It is a great office. Under such
pressure I cannot decline. I am tired of repeating my declaration that I am
not a candidate. I am greatly impressed by the sincerity of the movement
to nominate me for the Vice Presidency. I may be compelled to make my
first retreat."
It is accepted by the leaders that. Roosevelt aas sincere in his emphatic
declarations that he would not accept and was not a candidate, but he now
realizes that the popular and political movement to force the nomination
upon him has reached a point beyond his control.
The attitude of the administration — especially that of Senator Hanna,
who has been looked to by the delegates to give the cue to the wishes of the
President — forms an interesting feature of the situation as developed to-day.
It has been the general impression that it only remained for Hanna to give
the word or for some person with authority to indicate the wishes of the
President and that the convention will line 'ip for the man selected.
While the situation is not beyond the control of the administration
forces to prevent the nomination of Roosevelt, it. is realized that such ac
tion, in view of the general stampede, would be unwise. From the first
Senator Hanna has declared that the convention should make the nomina
tion, and now that it is about to do so. even under the manipulation and with
the assistance of such experienced politicians as Platt and Quay, it would
be impolitic for Senator Hanna to make a fight to defeat it, even if the man
selected is not the selection of the administration. The only man in the race
who seemed satisfactory to the friends of the administration was Secretary
Lor.g. and his candidacy did not flourish because a Massachusetts candidate
did iiot impress the delegates as giving additional strength to the ticket.
With doubt as to the choice of the administration and,' with the desire tb
make New York safe, with a belief, among many delegates that Roosevelt
was the one man who would add strength to the ticket east and West, it
was not difficult to start the 5tampede. and_to-night it is generally accepted
that the rational Republican ticket will be '"McKinley and Roosevelt."
"I Am But Human/' Is His Dec
laration, "and to Decline Would
Ruin My Political Career. No
Sane Man Commits Suicide."
Practical Admission on the Part of
the Empire State Executive That
He Will Accept Second Place
on the National Ticket.
June 17.— For the first time since the Republican
./¦^leaders began to assemble in Philadelphia there has to-day been some
earnest work upon the platform, and a draft has been made which it i3
believed will receive the approval of the convention. This document pre
pared in part before coming to Philadelphia by Postmaster General Smith,
and it is understood that it was submitted to the President for his inspec
tion and approval before Mr. Smith left Washington. Mr. Smith was in con
sultation during the greater part oj the afternoon with Senator Foraker,
who. it is understood, will be chairman of the committee on resolutions.
The Senator has himself given considerable attention to the preparation of
the declaration of principle*, and he added considerably to Mr. Smith s
The instrument as so far prepared is of considerable length, but very
clear cut and emphatic in its enunciations. It begins by calling attention to
the promises that were made in the St. Louis convention of 1S96. and,
after enumerating them, declares that faith h^s been kept in almost every in
stance, as is shown by the statutes which the last Congress added to the laws
of the country. Especial attention is called to the fact that the platfrom
of 1896 promised that the country should be put upon a gold standard, and
that this pledge has been faithfully maintained. There is a clear and dis
tinct declaration for the maintenance of this standard, and the resolutions,
as so far prepared, make no reference to bimetallism. The resolutions also
contain the usual declaration for a protective tariff. ...
The President's policy with reference to the Philippines is indorsed
throughout and his conduct of the '.var with Spain is upheld in the strong
est terms of commendation and praise. The President's course in the
Boer-British entanglement also is indorsed, and attention is called to the
fact that under his guidance the United States has been the only nation to
offer intervention between »he warring nations. The President also comes
'in for prau-e because of his attitude in The Hague Peace Conference, and
the .idmrnrstrati6n"is"particu!arly"'commended: for its position and its'ac
complishment in the matter of an open door in China.
The legislation toward which attention is especially directed as having
been accomplished in accordance with the party pledges, in addition to that
concerning the finances, includes the Dingley tariff law. the annexation of
Hawaii and the liberation of Cuba from Spanish domination. The country
is also felicitated upon the acquisition of Porto Rico.
The plank on the Philippines is practically in the language of the Presi
dent's message, promising the restoration of order and the establishment of
authority in the islands and the granting of local self-government sq soon as
the Filipinos show that they are prepared for it. On the question of
trusts the platform recognizes the right of capital to combine for industrial
purposes, but condemns all conspiracies in restraint of trade and the limita
tion of prices. ;
There will be a declaration for an isthmian canal, rather than for a canal
via the Nicaragua route specifically, pending the report of the commission ap
pointed to investigate. ....
A promise will be made to redeem the promise to establish independence
in Cuba as speedily as practicable^ and demand will be made for the condign
punishment of crimes committed by American officials in Cuba. _
Legislation for the restoration of the merchant marine will be indorsed.
There is a proposition to at least express the hope with reference to
China that that empire shall not be dismembered. A demand will be made
for the protection of American missionaries and other Americans in China.
H. H. Hanna, who is credited with the authorship of the gold standard
bill, was in conference with Messrs. Smith and. Foraker for some time to
day with reference to the financial plank of the platform. He is especially
anxious that this plank should be unequivocal in its language, and that no
concessions should be made to the silverites. The representatives from the
Western States are antagonizing him somewhat on this subject, but Mr.
Hanna expresses confidence that no concession will be made.
President's Policy With Reference
to the War With Spain and Our
Insular Possessions Is to Receive
Strong Indorsement.
Platform Will Be Unequivocal in
Its Language in Dealing With
the Question of a Stable Gold-
Standard Currency
GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT OF NEW YORK WILL BE
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE FOR VICE PRESIDENT
The San Francisco Call.
POPULAR CHOICE
OF DELEGATES
HIS ACCEPTANCE -
ALMOST CERTAINARRIVINfi DELEGATIONS.
PHILADELPHIA, June 17.-Th« stream
of Incoming delegations set In with the
early hours to-day, and to-night each
train unloaded its quota of budged and
buttoned enthusiasts. The number of club
arrivals, however, was small, only about
a half-dozen putting in an appearance. At
6 p. m. the famous Tlppecano* Club of
Cleveland, Ohio, came In on a number of
cpeclal cars. This organization received
an enthusiastic reception from the crowd
at the railway station.
The Colorado-Philadelphia Club of Den
ver, headed by the George W. Cook drum
corps of Denver, followed soon after the
Tippecanoe Club. At the head of the
Western enthusiasts a gray-haired man
carried a huge stuffed Rocky Mountain
eagle on a pole. In its beak was a large
placard containing the words, "I'm for
McKinley." ..
The last political organization to get
here to-night was the. well-known Cook
County Republican Club of Chicago. The
local committee met the Chlcagoans at a
suburban station, and when they arrived
at the city depot they were greeted by
more than a thousand persons.
AH of. the Utah men came in, headed by
Governor Wells. The ICew Mexico delega
tion, headed by Governor Otero, arrived
late. this afternoon.
TRAIN BOMBARDED
BY HEAVY HAILSTONES
Burlington Passenger From I>3nver
Almost Wrecked in a Ssvevo
Storm in Nebraska.
KANSAS CITY. June 17.— The Burling
ton passenger train from Denver reached
the Union Depot late last night in a sad
ly wrecked condition, having passed
through one of the severest hail, wind and
rain storms which railway men say they
ever encountered. The train ran into the
storm between Falls City and Rulo, Neb.,
forty miles west of St. Joseph, Mo. The
railroad men say that ar times it seemed
as if the cars would be lifted from the
tracks. The storm struck the train In an
open piece of country and the engineer
threw open the throttle in the hopes of
running away from it.
The train was filled with people and in
the cars there was great excitement. With
all tne wind and rain came hail. Hall-
Stones fell as large as baseballs. Every
window in the north side of the sleeper,
three coaches and one mail car was
smashed. Glass flew all over the cars a'nd
many of the passengers were cut by flying
fragments.
Water poured In through the windows
and fairly flooded the cars. The mall
clerks In the mail car climbed up near
the roof of the car to keep dry. Much
of the mall matter was damaged by wa
ter. The damage done the cars and sleep
er will amount to about $500. Every win
dow in the engine cab was smashed by
the hall. <•</>
BLOCK OF BUILDINGS
IN SONORA BURNED
Origin of the Fire Unknown and the
Damage Will Amount to Sev
¦V:,; era i Thousand Dollars. •'..¦.;•
Special 'Dtspatch to The Call.
SONORA, June 17. -At' 1 o'clock this
morning fire broke out in Mrs. Harrell's
restaurant, consuming all the frame build
ings from Collins' grocery store to Ball's
Jewelry store, as follows: Oliver's build
ing, just vacated, insured J7W; City Drug
Store building and contents, insured for
$3000; Magnolia Saloon building, insured
$2000: hose house No. 2. Pickles Stable,
insured $2000; Cabezut property occupied
by Edmiston's saloon, Urquhart'* tailor,
Harrell restaurant, Donderro & Co.; bar
bers, building insured $1250.
Collins" stock of groceries and hardware
and Peter Johnson's jewelry store were
damaged by smoke and water. The build
ings across the street were slightly
scorched. The origin of the fire is un
known. The property will probably be re
placed with substantial buildings, as it
is one of the best business blocks in town.
¦- ;- , ¦ "¦ - ¦ ?
ASSEMBLYMAN CABGILL DEAD.
Represented San Benito County in the
Legislature. -
HOLLISTER, June 17.— Dr. C. G. Car
gill, Republican Assemblyman from this
county, died this morning at his residence
in San Juan as the, result of pneumonia.
He had been ill but a few days.
were for the ranchman, the Rough Rider
and the Governor in a Jiffy.
The Iowa men. who were solid for Dolll
ver. began to look gloomy at their head
quarters at the Stratford. Kansas came
In with Dolliver cheers on their lips and
at once began to say that they would sup
port Roosevelt with joy If there was any
prospect of his accepting the nomination.
Illinois, with forty-eight delegates and 300
Dolllver shouters from Chicago, appeared
late in the afternoon. They took in the
situation in an instant and will be cheer
ing for Roosevelt In the morning.
So It came to pass that in one short,
day the situation that was scattered
among a score of candidates, some of
them put up for tactical purposes, and
all open to some objection, became cen
tered around one man who, not once nor
twice, but a hundred times, had declared
that he did not want the nomination and
would not take it.
¦ To two men this uprising came as a sur
prise. One of these was Senator Hanna.
The other was Governor Roosevelt. Sen
ator Hanna said on Friday:
"Roosevelt will not be nominated. I will
protect him from a stampede."
He said yesterday:
"It won't be Roosevelt, because he don't
want It."
To-day he said practically nothing and
to-night he is dining at the house of Clem
ent A. Griscom with a party of Cabinet
officers and Senators and is apparently let
ting the Roosevelt boom run its course.
Governor Roosevelt came here speedily
to discover that he had entirely under
estimated the sentiment of the country
regarding himself. Seeing what was com
ing on him, he hurried early in the day
to Senator Platfs room for consultation.
Senator Platt, crippled with a broken rib,
and suffering intense pain, threw his doors
open and remained subject to the Gov
ernor's claims all day long. With the
Governor were Senator I-odge of Massa
chusetts, and Chairman Odell, at the Gov
ernor's request, was called in. Later Fred
crick S. Glbbs, New York's National Com
mlttfeman. T.t-muei^K. Quigg. president of
the New V«rk County Committee, and
Frank S. Platt, were called in. Still later
William J. Young, the secretary to the
Governor, Joined the party. There was a
long talk. The Governor confessed that
he had not judged the sentiment of the
country aright and had not understood
the position in which he was likely to
find himself. He was much • distressed.
He declared that the position was dis
tasteful to him and that the only am
bition he had was to be Governor again.
He also took occasion to say that he was
convinced that his friends in New York
had been loyal In . respecting his wishes
and remarked that any one must be in
sane to suppose that such a movement
had been manufactured. .
The question to be settled was, "What
was the Governor to do?'.' Senators Platt
and Lodge and Messrs. Odell, Gibbs and
Quigg told him that this, was a question
that he. must answer for himself. At the
same time they told him that there was
a tremendous energy behind the demand
that he go on the ticket with McKinley.
This sentiment was a tribute to his char
acter not only as a soldier but as an of
ficial of city. State and nation. It was a
recognition of his services as a, citizen
and he must settle with himself whethei
•he would spurn what almost every other
man in the United States would consider
as a prize.
While he was listening to this the Gov
ernor sat straight as a ramrod in his
chair, with his arms folded and his Jaw
set. He was not disposed to recede from
his position. Presently he began to waver
and again appealed for advice.
Senator Hanna, who had been in a con
ference on the national platform, went
to Senator Plan's room and was admit,
ted to the conference. He soon saw how
the matter was drifting, but did not ex
press an opinion one way or the other.
The conference broke up and Governor
Roosevelt and Senator Lodge took Secre
tary of War Root to luncheon at th%
Philadelphia Club. There occurred more
talk about the question distressing th*
Governor.
Senator Hanna remained with Senator
Platt and they had a discussion about
the relative merits of Mr. Bliss and Gov
ernor . Roosevelt as candidates. It was
conciliatory on both sides, and when they
separated Senator Platt was for Roose
velt if he would take It and Senator
Hanna was still hoping for Mr. Blisa'
nomination.
.Governor Roosevelt returned to his room
In the Walton after luncheon and Senator
Lodge reported to Senator Platt. He said
the Governor seemed to be wavering.
Senator Piatt frankly said he hoped for
the sake of the party at large that the
Governor could see his way clear to run,
but he would not urge him.
Then another consultation followed, this
time In the Governor's room, and it was
attended j by Senator Lodge. Secretary
Root. General Frank V. Greene of New
.York and Senator Penrose of . Pennsyl
vania. The Governor saw the newspaper
men late in the afternoon. .'.' i;
"How about that. declination?" asked a
cheeky Washington correspondent.
' "I have not a word to say."
"But you are as good , as nominated
now." some one said.
"I know nothing about it," replied the
Governor. .
"Is it true that you said that If nomi
nated you would rise In your seat In the
convention hall and decline?"
"It is a He." said the Governor.
The Governor also told Woodruff that,
while he would probably consent to*" be
nominated, yet Senator Platt would force
Senator Hanna to choose between him and
Woodruff. Hanna, the Governor explain
ed to Woodruff, was opposed to both of
them..: The Governor also advised Mr.
Woodruff not to withdraw, but to bring
his delegation of 1200 to the city. Mr.
Woodruff had contemplated telegraphing
them to remain at home.
Senator P!att and State Chairman Odell
declared during the evenlntr that Governor
Roosevelt would accept. the nomination If
it were tendered to him.
AH evening his room was besiegred by
his admirers, many urging .him to accept.
The Governor's manner indicated that in
his own mind, at least, he had yielded,
and his nomination came to be regarded
as a foregone conclusion.
Continued From First Page.
GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT
WILL BE NOMINATED
Special Dispatrn to The Call.
UKIAH, June 17.— The Call's account of
'the charges against Dr. King yesterday
was received with much satisfaction by
the citizens of Ukiah and vicinity and
the universal verdict is that the state
ments were correct. All parties here con
demn the aged superintendent of the llen
docino Hospital and express a desire for
his immediate removal. The facts are
known to many people here ariM they have
onlv needed an expose in order ¦ to de
clare their own knowledge of the actions
of Dr. King and the political intrigues of
his secretary, Mr. Handy, who, it is con
ceded by all parties, is really the super
intendent and is prostituting the asylum
and its management to "his political ends
and purposes.
Steward Jones, who was removed on
Friday last, has refused to surrender his
keys or the rooms he and his family oc
cupy in the asylum building, and the aged
superintendent has Instructed the carpen
ter to change the locks on all the doors
and by this means debar Jones and his
family from occupying the quarters a>
'signed them by the management of the
asylum. Steward Jones will not vacate
unless forcibly ejected, and it is said he
will resist force with force.
The excitement is still at a fever heat
and public opinion is all on the side oi
the deposed employes. The people here
have confidence in the board of manag
er? regulating affairs and deciding the
case of the deposed men on the merits of
their cases.
James George, the chief carpenter, who
was removed, has been superseded by a
man named by Secretary Handy, and it
is rumored that Handy is to dictate his
own successor as secretary to the aged
superintendent in case the board should
sustain him in his removal of Jones as
steward.
It is rumored that Dr. King has de
cided on the removal of Dr. L. A. ulster,
the first assistant physician. Supervisor
Moseley and about six other employes.
The entire -working force of the institu
tion is in a very unsettled state, not
knowing at what hour Mr. Handy and the
aged superintendent will lop off more
heads.
Locks Ordered Changed on the Doors
for the r Purpose of Debarring
Ex-Steward Jones From
the Building.
Methods of Dr. King Are
Freely Criticized by
Citizens.
MORE CHANGES
ARE EXPECTED AT
UKIAH ASYLUM
MEN AND GOLD
ON THE ALPHA
FROM HOME
After a Dangerous Voyage
the Vessel Arrives
Safe in Port.
Topcock Creek, Discovered About
Christinas, Proves to Be One of
the Bichest Fields in the
District.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 17.— The
steamer Alpha arrived direct from Cape,
Nome at 7 o'clock to-night, after one of
the most eventful and yet one of the luck
iest trips on record.
A dozen times. Captain Buckholtz says,
he would not have given six bits for the
chances of the boat or her passengers. Yet
she came back after traversing WOO miles,
with over a thousand of that through ice
floes, without a single acqident, nor ao
much as the breaking of a yard rope.
The Alpha brought five passengers who
had about $300,000 on board. The passen
gers were Glen Tinsley of Dawson. with
525,000; Jack Kill, Seattle, representing
partially Krye, Bruhn & Co., fliz.wr,
Frank Green. Dawson and Nome, $S0.0O0;
J. C. Monaghan, Denver, Colo., with *S0,
000. The fitth passenger was Oscar Gou
dell, a Swede, who went north by the
Alpha and was nearly fatally poisoned by
mercury on the way.
Purser Shoup had the amounts men
tioned in his safe. The passengers will all
leave for Seattle to-morrow morning. The
Alpha landed all her 175 passengers and a
full load of freight at Nome.
She had cleared for St. Michael, but
most people believed when she left here
she would go to Nome, all ner passen
gers being really bound for the Ameri
can gold lielas. Captain Huckholtz says
that the ice was too thick toward St.
Michael and he therefore abandoned go
ing there and went to Cape Nome. Once
there he had no difficulty with the cus
toms authorities, the people giving tne
steamer a roj'al welcome.
Jack Kill was the most interesting pas
senger. He says that No. 21 of Top
cock, a new creek W miles from Nome,
discovered about Christmas, had a very
large clean-up early in' April. In one
week the miners, working only eight
hours a day, took out $li.000 and $55,000
was altogetner taken out of the claim in
a little over a month. Several clean-upa
have been made of J4Q.000 to claims of
ICO feet only In extent. Contrary to gen
eral expectation, the people wtio came
down trom Dawson curing the winter
brought a large amount of money into the
camp. Six weeks before the Alpha ar
rived, all work on the claims was stopped
on account of a cold snap, when the ther
mometer went as low as 70 degrees be
low and the weather for •weeks was
frightfully cold. .
Topcock and Golden Gate were the prin
cipal ones of the new discoveries. At Buff
Camp, on Topcock, about 400 men were
working and taking out on the regular
run of claims an average of 2") cents t<*
the pan.
A new townslte of Grantly Point has
been opened ten miles from Nome, and
townslte lots are booming. Business in
Nome is quiet and provisions were very
high when the Alpha arrived. Canned
goods were selling from 50 to 75 cents and
prices were still running upward when
the Alpha appeared and then they went
down with a Hop.
A water service for the town is being
arranged from Moonlight Creek, four
miles away. Several times during the
winter the town had very narrow escapes
from fire. The steamers Alexander.
Thrasher and Jeannette arrived from San
Francisco about the same time as the
Alpha.
The Alpha will load another cargo and
immediately .proceed north again. Her
hull is badly dented by her contact with
the ice. v __
GOLD FROM DAWSON.
Steamer Dirigo Lands Eighty-Fivo
Passengers at Seattle.
SEATTLE. June 17.— The steamer Dir
igo arrived from Lynn Canal this even-
Ing, having on board eighty-five passen
gers, who brought down about $300,000 in
gold dust. The steamer's officers report
160 passengers at Bennett, who were un
able to reach Skaguay in time to catch
the Dlrigo. These, it Is reported at the
Skaguay offices of the steamship com
pany, are bringing out a very large
amount of gold, greater, it is said, than
any party of similar size that has yet
arrived.
The largest owners of pold dust on
board the Dlrigo were the McDonald
brothers, of Seattle. Roily and Donald.
The former has 230 pounds, valued at
$30,000. and the latter 140 pounds, valued
at $30,000. Charles Hutchinson brought out
200 pounds, .valued at $42,000. The balance
of the shipment is owned by the remaining
passengers in sums ranging from J3000 up.
The passengers all declare that this
summer's output from the Klondike will
be much larger than last and estimates
are made all the way from $25,000,000 to
$-10,000,000. As yet they say the clean
up has not started this way. and probably
will not until after July - 1.
The latest advices from the gold-bear
ing- districts remote from Dawson, It Is
said, show that the clean-up is almost
double the amount first reported. Bonanza
Creek alone, it is stated, will send out
$8,000,000 to $10,000,000. which will be th»
largest amount coming from any of the
creeks.
The Dawson banks, it is snid, have tak
en In about $2,000,000 already, and when
the Dlrigo passengers left were buying I
very heavily every day. • [
In the city of Dawson business was very
lively. There was no scarcity of labor
to speak of, although every man who
wanted to was working at good wages.
Food prices were beginning to drop and
the general belief was that before an
other month Seattle prices for ordinary
commodities would prevail.
LONG'S FRIENDS ACTIVE
Claim tbe Solid Vote of New
England for the Secretary
of the Navy.
PHILADELPHIA, June 17.— The Massa
chusetts delegation perfected Its organ
ization to-day, and also took steps to
get into direct telephonic communication
with Secretary Long to ascertain his
wishes concerning the Vice Presidential
situation. This last move was regarded
as rather significant. The delegation is
to a man strongly favorable to the Secre
tary, and Jt was believed that co-opera
tion could be secured with the delega
tions of Maine, Xew Hampshire, Ver
mont, Connecticut and Rhode Island, so
as to secure practically a Folid vote of
the seventy-eight New England dele
gates. So many candidates and possibili
ties were in the air. however, that a com
mittee consisting of Messrs. Shaw, Mur
ray and Rockwell was chosen to ascertain
Mr. Long's wishes as to the presentation
of his name. It was supposed that he
was at Washington and could be reached
by the long-distance telephone, but later
it developed that he was at his summer
home at Hingham, Mass., where it was
hoped to communicate with him later.
The delegation was also divided into com
mittees, which started In to canvass in
behalf of the Long candidacy.
Senator Allison arrived at about noon
and took quarters at the Aldlne Hotel.
He was closeted the greater part of the
day with prominent members of the
party, and late in the afternoon attended
a dinner given by Clement Griscom at his
country place. The Senator announced
before leaving for Mr. Grlscom's place
that he was earnestly supporting the can
didacy of Mr. Dolliver, and that he hoped
to see him nominated. Do!liver*s friends
are still enthusiastic over his chances,
and they claim that nothing but an agree
ment upon some available man by the
members of the New York delegation can
prevent his nomination.
In the event . that the New Yorkers
agree upon Roosevelt or some available
candidate the Iowa men will not press
Dolliver's nomination. They say New
York should have the first call upon tho
nomination if it can decide upon a man.
If it does not agree upon this point, and
the Iowa people do not rate Woodruff, as
an available man, they will push for the
nomination of Dolllver against any and
all candidates. They are confident that
Dolllver will be able to beat Woodruff
before the convention, and will be a
stronger candidate before the people at
large.
if Governor Roosevelt beats him. In fact,
he has assured the Governor that if he
changes his mind and cares to stand for
the nomination he (Woodruff) will with
draw."
There were several rumors to-night that
Roosevelt had at last decided to stand
for the nomination. These rumors prob
ably arose from the fact that he had said
that if his nomination was finally forced
he could not decline it; but he said em
phatically to-night that he would not al
low Mr. Platt to present his name, and
would fight against the nomination to the
last minute.
Toward midnight there was a rumor
that Senator Platt had stated that the
New York delegation would at its meeting
to-morrow night indorse Governor Roose
velt for Vice President. The rumor was
brought to the attention of Governor
Roosevelt, and at the moment it was told
him State Chairman O'Dell entered the
room.
"Mr. O'Dell." said the Governor, "is
there any truth in that statement?"
"Not that I know of," said Mr. O'Dell.
"Mr. Platt made the statement in the
presence of several newspaper men," said
one of the party.
"I understand." said Mr. O'Dell. "that
New York's delegation will not have a
candidate for Vice President. I do not
think there has been any change on the
part of the delegation."
A significant occurrence of the evening
was the appearance on the lapels of the
coats of members of the New York State
delegation of buttons bearing the pictures
of McKinley and Roosevelt. It was looked
upon by the delegates from other States
as a tacit ackrowledgment that while
New York was not forcing the Vice Pres
idency upon Roosevelt the delegates were
willing that the other States should do so.
intend to vote for Governor Roosevelt for
Vice President. The election or defeat of
McKinley is a question of five hundred
millions of dollars to Pennsylvania, and 1
will cast my vote on the Vice Presidency
In the interest of my State to strengthen
McKinley.
•I know nothing at all about what is
going to happen in the convention. Thi«
is mcrejy my individual view."
In connection with the movement among
the P*nnF>ivanians to further the nomi
nation of Roosevelt, Attorney General
John H. Elkin. the loader of the Quay
forces in the Stale, said:
"A candidate for the Vice Presidency
should U> nominated who will strengthen
the ticket. The strongest candidate with
the American people to-day is Governor
Roosevelt. He is the best vote-getter by
far of all the gentlemen named for second
"Roosevelt is the idol of the young Re
publicans of the whole country, and as
Governor of New York he has demon
strated lhat he possesses a high order of
executive ability. He is able, progressive,
patriotic and conservative. The Republi
can* of Pennsylvania are a unit for his
nomination. Our delegation will vote for
rim, and 1 have no doubt that he will be
nominated. Colonel Ror revelt is too good
a Republican not to accept the nomination
if his party demands :t. With McKinley
and Roosevelt as our standard bearers
we will ewcep the country in November."
While interest is focused on New York
the delegation from that State looks on
with complacency, the members apparent
ly enjoying the commotion. The situation
in New York may be described in a para
graph: The mass of delegates are for the
nomination of Roosevelt for Vice Presi
dent; Senator Platt is pledged to Governor
Rooprvelt to b«- against his nomination,
and will not break the pledge unless the
Governor zlves his consent.
This much }s known — if the convention
names Governor Roosevelt for Vice Pres.
ldent he will not decline. He has emphat
ically said that he would not accept If
nominated, but it is known on the best of
authority that he will not decline. Never
theleps, his determination to protest
against the nomination until the last min
ute is unchanged. While he admitted to
night that the situation looked as If he
would be forced into a nomination, he was
hoping that such would not be the
case, and was u?ir.g his every effort to
change the ?< ntiment. He said:
"My place is at the head of the ticket
in Xew York State. I feel that Mr. Hanna
is right, and that I can do more to help
Mr. McKinley by running in New York
State than I can by being on the national
ticket."
Lieutenant Governor Woodruff and his
campaign manager, William Berri. both
asserted to-nlRht that the boom for Roose
velt was helping their cause. "If New
York and Hanna stand firm against th«
Roosevelt boom it will be exploded and
Mr. Woodruff will get the nomination,"
said Mr. Cerri.
The real logic of this reasoning is not
quite apparent, but a significant remark
dropped by a lieutenant of Mr. Wood
ruff put the matter in a new light.
"Mr. Woodruff," he said, "does not care
EX-SENATOR STEPHEN M.
WHITE.
i:s as it was upon thoso heroes who died
at Bunker- Hill. (Applause and cheers).
And to-day, and untjjl the hour of my
death, 1 will advocate the extension of
American interests, the dissemination of
American principles, and I will oppose at
whatever cost to myself any effort to
prostitute our flag. Prosperity will not
allure me to wrong. That we \ are rich
and powerful and mighty, to me will fur
nish no reason ' why wo should oppress
another. The weak, the struggling, have
the right to vindicate themselves and the
same right to live as those who are pow
erful and mighty. (Great applause). Ani
when I think that great and massive edi
fices of governmental power have been
erected in the past and have fallen by the
hand of man, I reflect and know that
above all these Is a power greater than
ours which, sooner or later, will shiver in
the dust the man. the men or the nation
trampling upon the rights of another.
(Applause.)
"1 love to see my nation great. I love to
see her powerful, but I prefer to Pee her
right. (Applause and cheers). Studying
somewhat perhaps from heredity the
story of oppression. I will always, wher
ever I may be. advocate consistency in
the cause- of freedom. We may differ on
minor questions, upon economic problems
there may be a variation, but there
should be no doubt as to where the Demo
cratic party stands oa the question of
human liberty. (Great applause). Oh.
great is the flag of my country, but great
er and more glorious will that emblem of
freedom be when it shall represent those
all over the earth and those struggling
to-day for. liberty are emancipated undei
its glorious shadows.
"Fellow citizens. Democrats and dele
gates, never let us forget, never let us
cease to forget that our duty to ourselves
and our country is not to forpe a shackle
but to strike away the manacle. AnuNthe
.rights of man are those ordinarily rec
ognized and commonly understood prin
ciples which we have learned from the
mere perusal of the declaration made in
the earlier story of our national exist
ence. The men who penned them in our
declaration were unselfish patriots, strug
gling not as we struggle here, as we are
delegates to av convention or advocates. of
a particular section, but they had learned
from bitter experience that intelligence
and absolute justice were necessary In a
republic; intelligence necessary that we
may know what ls right, justice that we
may not do that which is wrong, and
*,edueation In freedom's councils that we
mny be able to defend ourselves from the
forces of wrong all over the earth. And
here to-day we are invited to attend the
great council halls of conquest and are
afked to Join with other nations in crush
ing to the earth the feebler of mankind.
Let It be in the future as it has been in
the past— the ambition of Democracy to
do the right, to assert the right and not
to fear to declare the right." (Applause
and cheers).
ROBERTS CONSIDERS WAR
PRACTICALLY AT AN END
Natal Volunteers Dismissed and a
Division of Regulars Will Be Dis
patched to China.
J.ONJ3ON, June 1R (4 a. m.).— There are
Fome indications that I>ord Roberts con
elders the war's end in South Africa not
far distant. One of these is the fact that
The Natal Volunteers, who had seen hard
poTViro, wore dii=miss»-d to their homes -by
Sir Bedven Kuller on Saturday. They
«rro cheered a? th^y left camp. Another
indication is tho report current in author
itatively informed military circles in Ix>n
rion that a complete division of regulars
is to be withdrawn from General Buller's
army and embarked at Durban for China.
The. troops drawn from India probably
*-ill go next. Lord Roberts let them go
without telegraphing. The correspondents
at headquarters are, as they have been
tor ten days, silent. •
Unofficial intelligence from Machado
dorp, \ia Jviurer.zo Mnrquez, is to the ef
fect that the Hritish troops are near Mid
dleburg. The Hoer narrative of the fight
ing east of Pretoria posted on a bulletin
board outside of i'rt-sident Kruger's car
at M.ichadodorp. ran thus:
"The commandoes east of Pretoria, in
the direction of Bronkhorst Spruit, are
compelled to retire after a fierce stand
of more than two <jays. !n a way that
von the admiration of the acting com-
! mandant seneral. The short range rifle
: fire was very hot and for part of the
j day. especially late In the afternoon, the
i enemy foupht at a distance of 100 yards.
{ Our loss cannot yet be given. The acting
i commandant peneral only mentions Field
Colonol John Van Buren killed. He was
one of the pluckiest men in the field.
"Information is again to hand regarding
| the miserable condition of the enemy's
troops that have penetrated to Johannes
burg and Pretoria. They continually
complain of the lack of food. Several
j British soldiers have died In the streets
! of PretoTia of exhaustion and starvation.
1 Along the roads He the corpses of horses
| and mules, while the living: animals are so
• weak that they are hardly able to carry
| their load.*."
Another bulletin at Machadodorp. ac
cording to a dispatch dated June 15 says:
"•Fifteen officers and 100 British soldiers,
'• prisoners, have arrived at Standerton,
Free State, bound for Nooit Gedacht.
Thirty burghers were killed and wounded
during the last few days' lighting near
i Pretoria."
Mr. Steyn. in consequence of Lord Kob
erts' annexation of the Free State by
proclamation, has issued a counter proc
! lamation declaring that the Free State
still exists, is independent and does not
I acknowledge the authority of Great Brlt-
I ain.
His Utterances at the Sacramento
Gathering Still Cause Much
Comment.
NO utterance made at the recent
Democratic State Convention at
Sacramento caused more comment
than that of ex-Senator Stephen
M. White Just before the adjournment
of that body. The Call, In accordance
with its steadfast aim to publish the
news, had designed to publish the speech
verbatim, but it reached the . editorial
rooms too late to be given in full the
morning following the convention. Since
adjournment there has been so much in
quiry for the address and so much talk
about it that The Call feels it to be its
duty to reproduce the address. It fol
lows:
"Mr Chairman, the hour is too late and
your occupation is too onerous to Justify
me in detaining you for more than a mo
ment. The election of delegate to Kansas
City, it is true, is an honor; but in so far
as California is concerned we carry there
simply your will, to be executed in ac
cordance with your .written judgment re
corded here this day. There Is no one
selected by this convention, no ¦ matter
what his previous views may have been,
who would dare go to that convention and
do otherwise than cast his vote for that
peerless representative of Democracy,
Mr. liryan (applause and cheers), and
there is • a lesson in this demonstra
tion worthy of remembrance. He
sprang into prominence not because
he was sustained or backed by
power or influence, but because he did
his duty fearless of power or temptation,
resolute in the performance of duty and
determined to execute those principles
which he dearly cherished an,d whose
triumph he believed he saw. He met the
enemy and was defeated. X T ndaunted he
egain faced the foe, and from one end of
this republic to the other he laid down
the principles which have, been here in
dorsed by you. He is attached to the
American constitution. He loves the soil
upon which he stands. He is proud of
the great achievements of American his
tory which have made her not only the
representative, accomplishing the. wishes,
of the jift. i. the glory of the present, but
also an example for the future.
"Fellow citizens. Democrats, delegates,
remember that the principles that were
laid down by the fathers are now being
dolled; that prosperity that has come to
us by adhesion to original principles has
moved many of us from the path of duty
and has for the moment led us away from
those- simple practices of earlier experi
ence and earlier history, now endanger
ing- the Integrity of American institu
tions. F"or myself, 1 have never been in
favor of asserting dominion by the
sword, and I do not hesitate in the face
of an adverse majority in the council
halls of this nation, wh<*n I knew that
the judgment of the body to which I be
longed would be entered against me, to
protest against the use of the American
flag in the cause of subjugation. (Ap
plause and cheers). I saw in the a ruin Is
of American history the oppressed of the
world seeking a home within our con
fines; 1 witnessed bullded upon her mas
sive foundation a gigantic superstructure,
one challenging the admiration of all
liberty-loving men. and I protested
against, that which should move us
against our duty or destroy that great
edifice. I knew that humanity through
the ages had not failed to yield to temp
tation. I had seen in history mighty na
tions, based on cardinal principles of rec
titude, moved from lines of duty by suc
cess, and plunging Into Indiscretion and
wrong take from men' that which was
truly theirs. I thought that this repub
lic, and I still so believe, was based on.
Immutable principles of liberty; that
within our confines there should be none,
save those adapted to our Institutions.,
and I doubted— no, I did not doubt— I
knew that it was not only improper but
an approach to brackishness for those
who had sworn obedience to our constitu
tion and had professed adherence to the,
principles of our Declaration of Indepen-;
dence to take the pennant of freedom in
one hand and the sword of conquest in
the other. (Applause and cheers). It
mattered not to me whether thoseagainst
whom we intended to proceed were poor
or rich, strong or weak; they were hu
man beings, and the same protest for
human right, for emancipation from op
pression which was written in our decla
ration and recorded in our constitution is
to-day, in my judgment, as binding upon
CONVENTION ADDRESS
OF SENATOR WHITE
HAVANA, June 17.— General Alejandro
Rodriguez, Nationalist, was yesterday
elected Mayor of Havana, polling 13,073
votes against 6034 cast for Senor Estrada
Mora, Independent. The total vote fell
about 4500 below the registration.
The Nationalist party elected its entire
ticket, eighteen Councilmen. the Treasur
er, one. Correctional "Judge and three Mu
nicipal Judges. The other correctional
judgeship fell to an ladependent candi
date, as did also the fourth municipal
judgeship.. Of the six other Councilmen
four are Republicans and two National
ists, who ran Independently.
Reports from every part of the island go
to show that perfect order prevailed at
the polls. Not a shot was fired, nor was
there any sign of disturbance anywhere.
To an American observer of the elec
tion here it seemed as if the people re
garded the whole matter with absolute in
difference. There, was not even a crowd
In waiting to hedr the result declared.
Not a cheer was raised, nor were there
any of the ordinary indications of election
excitement," although a demonstration in
honor of the successful candidates took
place to-night.
The victory of the Nationalists Is chief
ly due to the fact that they were first
in the field and had the benefit of a well
disciplined organization. But as they only
claimed to havb about 16,000 members, It
Little Interest Taken in the Election,
Rodriqiiez Winning by a Large
Majority. .
is obvious that a large portion of the vot
ing population of Havana, perhaps 30,000,
was not attracted to the ranks of the
party during the year and half prior
to. the election. This was chiefly the re
sult of a lack of confidence in the party
leader?.
Another fact demonstrated by the elec
.tion is the inability of the Republican
leaders, headed by Juan Gualberto Gomez
and Domingo Mendenez Capote, with their
organ. La Discussion, to cut an important
figure in the politics of Havana. The Re
publican leaders have failed all along the
line to justify their pretensions.
Senor Mora contends that he polled a
majority of the voters in the better class
districts and he attributes the triumph
of the Nationalists to "fraud and the
votes of the mob." •
Impartial judges attribute the outcome
to the hard work done by the Nationalist
leaders. General Rodriguez declines to
outline his plans, preferring to wait until
the Havana charter has been made public
with its definition of his powers. Al
though the cry of the Nationalists was
that the people should choose the revolu
tionary leaders because the work of the
revolution was not complete and in order
to prove to the intervening government
that the people of Cuba considered it in
complete, nevertheless many of the lead
ing Councilmen elected and two of those
who wer*- most anxious to secure the
mayoralty are not in any sense revolu
tionists. The people also are asking where
the pacficos are to come in.
NATIONALIST ELECTED
MAYOR OF HAVANA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,, JUNE 18, 1900.
2
Smiths'
Seven
•" c \
B Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. B
pi Raisins 3 sfe. 25c 1
|j London layer — 3 crown. R
ij Good goods in good con- M
1 1 dition. Limit 6 lbs. to g
j? customor. Reg. I2}c lb. g
B Coffee per lb. 25c I
h Cream Java Blend— fresh n
K roasted. Excellent — equals 9
E> any 35c grade elsewhere. -«¦
p Reg. 30c per Ib. h
1 Crackers x box 35c i
IS XXX Sodas— fresh— crisp. i
M None better — buy now. M
|j Oysters doz.f 1.05 each IOC 1
Ij i-Ib. tins Fidelity Brand — H
H tru- to name — Baltimore H
[3 goods. You can't match |j
H quality at the price. p
U Reg. i2ic. g
h Asparagus 20c |
ti HickmoVs "R. H. Brand," 1
U extra larre— white and a
y tender. Reg. 25c B
h Sweet Corn per tin 8c I
H Doz. 95c. New York £
% State — exceh Western |
•ft, product — " Fidelity " r
K goods— guaranteed. Reg. ioc t
I Figs 2 lbs - 5c I
•- California evaporated — |
i*i sweet and fine for stewing |
hj —while they last fc
§ Camping Outfits §
U We have everything you need H
H for a trip to the country: Tents, H
rl tackle, groceries, pots, kettles E
w and all the rest to make it en- H
H joyable. A
|| Packed carefully— as freight |
« or baggage. Give us your order . 2
H —we'll do the rest. g
k Lunches for tourists— our spec- $
*| ialty — at Delicatessen counter. S
CASH STOOf
C5-27 iunr.cT sr.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33. .
- - - ¦ —
222-224 SUTTER STREET
CHILDREN win find our CHIL-
DREN S PRIZE EDITION CAT-
ALOGUE of great interest, and
should call and get ons free, or write
; and it will b; mailed to them.
SMOKERS!
Greatest value ever offered. First
importation of the famed "La Mu-
riel" Cigars jist arrived and on
*a!e. Nj finfr goods evrr came from
Havana. H;re are prices to astonish
you :
Everywhere
Regular bit size 10c each
'• 3 for 50c I2§c each
" 25c 20c each
*' 3 for 51 25c earh
Th-«* 3— no " Social prices," but
OIR REGULAR PRICES and will be
rmtnralned. Come and visit our
CIGAR department.
i .
; SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY- -WEDNESDAY
Hams, test Easte-n 131c
Uegrularly ISc It>.
Teas, Sfi J fe%a? : 40c
Oysters, "New Era" Mb tins 15c
2-lb tins 25c
lAirge aru1 swe^t: l-tt> tir.3 rt-rularly
. 20c. 2-lt) tins COc.
Pimientas Morrcnes Mb tins ice
I -lb tins 2Oc
Sweet pirkled Spanish peppers; i : -n>
tins regularly lie, l-rt> tir.« 2oc
Sardelies can 40c
1-!T> can. Regularly 4oC.
Listerine Soap boi of 3 cakes 25c
I-amberfs. Possesses th«» refreshing
hygienic properties of Listerine.
Paraffins Wai «& 2^ "> I5c
Toothpicks. Quils Ko. 3 50c
Regularly 73c per pks.
Cocktaiis, "Sunset" 85c
Always ready. Kt-sularly $1.
Claret ga! 35c
A food, snunrt wine. "Warranter! to
keep in bottles. Regularly it>c gallon.
Fry Pans
Sheet iron, with patent rnld handles.
6-ln dlam. 9'i-tn. 10'-i-in. 11-ln.
Reg. ;oc. ISc. :0c, 13c. 13c. 2Oc.
Wirsk Brooms 10c
Wired handle; b"st selected corn.
Regularly 13c.
Alcchol Stoves. Rtg$ ! 75c
CIGARS— CHATEAU LA ROSE, b-st clear
Havana 5- Ci^ar, 7 for 25c; box
of 50. $'.SD.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
NO PLATES <77^>
jm. REQUIRED J^i
h Oar removable brides work la beautiful -and
durable. Warranted 10 years.
j/^^^^ Our S5-0O Plates
M&$£?^^jjSP%S& Our method for
ttK-^^^l&S^Br P a| 0lcs5 extracting
|«iji**^-*?i*-ir-"j»y Is patented and
' WyVa»if > S>^i» a Cy^a: tf used by no other
\ljPMl jSjIJc^^^ dentist oo trje Pa-
PRICE LIST for 33 Days:
Painless Extraction Z5o
Removable Bridge wcrk $:t.«M>
Crowns $:i.OO to #n.«M»
Pure Gold FHllcss Jfl.Oo
! Amalgam 5i>«-
Gold and Platina f l.O«»
Silver Fllllnft COo
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to tho
children's teeth— painlessly.
DR. R. L. VA/flLSH,
Sla% GEART ST.. between Hyde and Larkln.
i Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sunday*,
! 9 to 1Z Telephone Polk 1135.
j PALACE HOTEL
1 Tbe high rtandard of excellence main-
tained by these^ hotels ls recognized and
appreciated by a discriminating and fas-
tidious clientele who regularly make them
their headquarters when In Ran Francisco.
Located in cloea proximity to wholesa!*
and chopping districts, places of amuse-
rr.ent and with the further advanta^a of
bavins street cars to all points of Interest
pass the entrance.
American plan. European plan.
GRAND HOTEL
I do not belieTe ther»
6ia, indigestion cr
Ear an 7 •tomach troabb
*t£ afe^ t ' iat cannot be re-
«» -r^iSap liexed at onc« and
ft» Sw :- ttES^ permanently cared
V *& Jptf by^iny DYSPEPSIA
J^r^lstf *MUNTOJfc
_>C^*^^gg5k. At all drajTRists,
**t^2twJ«S&&?^ 23c. n Ti.nL Gaido
tjH^aSparTOlpr t0 Health and mrdi-
1 I Y cal advice free. 1505
• Arch street. FhUa.
DR. MEYcRS & CO. |
Diseases and Weakness of Men.
EiTASLIiHED IN 1S31. P
Larg?s: Medical Invitu:? and Mas:
Ext;n«iv- Practice. £
7 31 MA22ST STSIET. SAN fSAKCISCO. j
East Cur: 3. Staled frirtte Book, Free
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY, and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDQING PUMPS
V V) (\ ( Z M e '» «uccessful at Nome lmt
IXlVVfOlj >••!¦• All ethers failed. In open.
tic a dally. * Stevenson at.. 3.V.
SAND CEMRIFUOAL PUMPS.
HflfxHIV ticW pump». ta» on!7
JAW.IVJUi.1 •uccesaful pump manufactured.
- t25 £Uth ml. San Franclaco.
PORTABLH r.OUSES.
BURN'HAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and I«t »t».. Oakland, cr B-alld«r»' Ex.. a. «".
Weekly Call.9l.00 per YearMURDER AND
INCENDIARISM
RUNNING RIOT
News Filtering Through From
Chinese Cities Adds to the
General Anxiety.'
LONDON. June 1S-3 A. M.-There Is
rot a Cabinet In Europe, apparently, that
kr.cn what has been transpiring in Pe
king for five days or in Tientsin for three
days Nor is there any that knows with
what difficulties the small and Inadequate
ly equipped international column is con
tending between those cities. The Ger
man Foreign Office, upon learning: the re
port of the murder of Baron von Kette
ler the German Minister at Peking, sent
a telegraphic inquiry to St. Petersburg,
the Russian Government, because of Its
wires to Manchuria, being supposedly in a
better position than the other Govern
ments' to obtain direct news. In reply
the German Foreign Office was informed
that nothing whatever was known on the
subject, as communication with Peking
was interrupted.
The report, spread world wide from
Shanghai, that the legations had been at
tacked and that one Minister, probably
the German, had been murdered, has been
traced to Tao Tal Sbeng, who lor a few
days, as the Empress Dowager's agent.
has been censoring the telegrams from
Snar.ghai. The Shanghai correspondent
of the Dally Express says:
"Sheng, as head of the telegraph admin
istration, pretended that the line connect
ing Shanghai with Peking had been down
since June 9 and -that the wires to Tien
tsin were cut on June 15. Nevertheless
it is notorious that constant communica
tions have been passing from Shanghai
to Peking over the northern and western
routes, although Sheng has refused both
Ministers and Consuls the pri\llege of us
ir.g the lines. It is known that last Friday
Sher.g received a message from either
Peking or Tientsin. The dispatch said
that General Tung Fuh Slang's troops
aided the Boxers in an organized attack
on foreign legations, and that in the
course of the attack some of the legation
buildings were reduced to ruins and one
Foreign Minister was sliced to pieces
Why in the cables it should have been
add*d that the murdered Minister was
Baron von Ketteler Is not explained."
According to another telegram from
Shanghai, \dated June 17 at 7:2S p. m..
Sheng hasVfied, fearing that the foreign
authorities Vere about to arrest him be
cause of his stoppage of telegrams.
Danger of a Massacre. *
A third cablegram asserts that the re
ports of the murder of the German Min
ister emanated from London and that
they are quite unconfirmed and discredit
ed at Shanghai.
"The German Minister has been cap
tured." is the announcement to the Morn
ing Post from Peking in a dispatch dated
June 13. 5 p. m., via Tientsin. June 15.
This is the latest press message known to
have left Peking.' It continues as follows:
"A crowd of Boxers occupied Lega
tion street, cutting off ¦communication be
tween the buildings. A few Boxers are
parading in the city. Their superstition
in regard to foreign arms is pitiable. The
Boxers hold the officials of Tung Chau
for redemption. Anarchy reigns at that
THIRD DAY WITHOUT
OFFICIAL ADVICES
WASHINGTON. June 17.— The third day
passed here without a single line of news
from any official source respecting the
critical situation in China. All day the
telegraph offices at the White House and
in the State, War and Navy departments
were manned, but no word came. In
quiries of the cable companies showed
that not only were the communications by
wire with Peking. Taku. Tientsin and ail
Northern China suspended, but the no
tices conveyed little encouragement for
the hope that they would be soon re
opened.
The War Department early In the day
received the following message from head
quarters at New York:
"The only news from the East to-day
is the notice of interruption of the Great
Northern lines between Blagowestchensk
and Tschita. which cuts all communica
tion with China and Japan via that
route."
The line referred to is a land wire run
ning out of Peking to Tschita to the north
and connecting with the Russian Siberian
system. Thence land wires run through
Korea and by a short cable across to
Nagasaki. Japan.
The State Department to-day received
numerous telegrams from relatives and
friends of Americans in Northern China
and in Peking praying for news touching
the welfare of their friends. Mr. Led
yard of Detroit, father of the wife of the
German Embassador at Peking, reported
to have been killed by the Boxers, was
one of the most anxious of these inquirers,
and ex-Secretary Alger was another, each
intimating a willingness to meet any ex
pense that might be Involved in an order
from the department to some responsible
official near the scene of the trouble to
send information by any means In their
power.
NO NEWS OF MURDER
OF GERMAN MINISTER
PARIS. June 17.— A telegram received
to-day from the French Consul at Hong
kong does not mention the reported mur
der of the German Minister at Peking or
the reported destruction of the legations
there. The French Consul at Tientsin tele
graphs that the European detachments
sent to Peking are advancing very slowly.
In the recent rioting in Peking the Con
sul reports the Boxers burned the Protes
tant Episcopal establishments In the Chi
nese town. All is quiet in the French
concession.
French trocps with artillery are belatr
sent from Tonquln to Tientsin, where they
will arrive on June 23. Others dispatched
from France will arrive on July 3. The
Minister of Marine has ordered a divis
ion of cruisers got ready for sea to re
inforce the French squadron in Chinese
waters. A transport Is also being pre
pared to take military reinforcements.
gpedal Dispatch to The Call.
ENGLAND WILL SEND
SOUTH AFRICAN TROOPS
NEW YORK. June 17.— The World has
this from London: The extreme gravity
of the Chinese crisis in the eyes of the
British Government is shown by thi de
cision to detach a division (10.000 men) of
Infantry, three batteries of artillery and
a Eiese train from Natal, Sir Redvers
Buller's forces, for Immediate dispatch to
China. < •"iilWrlWffr| i> T^* l^t^'UMf '
. When asked how many troops he could
spare from South Africa, Lord Robert s
COMMUNICATION WITH
TIENTSIN RESTORED
Spe-M.-il Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. June lT.-Th!? bulletin ini
Issued by the Arglo-American Telegraph
Company to-night:
"We are asain advisee! by the Great
Northern Company to accept m?ssage3
for the Far East without restrictions."
The Anglo-American Company said tha
bulletin meant that m«?s?a^*-«» might be
accepted for any poirsi :n the Far East. In
cluding China, and that communication
with Pekir.jr and Tientsin was restored.
American Marines Sent From Manila.
MANILA. June 17.— The gunboat Con
cord, with marines aboard, has sailed un
der sealed orders, supposedly for China.
The British cruiser Buenaventura ha»
sailed for Hongkong frith troop3 and
stores for Hongkong and Tientsin.
at first replied that he could not spare .\
single man until he had fought a decisive
battie with General Botha, as sending
away any part of the British force would
encourage the Boers to prolong resist
ance. But when the Government at Lon
don r»icssed the demand Lord Roberts
consented to place the aforementioned,
force from General Buller's command at
tha disiosal of the War Office for service
in China. There are transports enough
rea&y at Durban to convey these troops
as soon as they can get aboard.
The principal part of a division i3 at
Picteriraritzturg now.
There is no prospect of the alleviation
of the Chinese situation, which is urs
doubttdly causing the keenest alarm in
political and commercial quarters here.
The fate of the international force Ja re
sraicicvi as a matter of secondary Impor
tance. The CTUical period -will b* after
tae disturbance is suppressed and the fu
ture government of China cornea up for
settlement.
It if in view of this contingency that
Enfianci is accumulating miiitaxy and
ravaf forces in the Far East.
place. The Americans in the Interior of
the two neighboring provinces have been
advised to leave, but several, have no
means of doing so. Unless a large force
i« sent there is danger of massacre or
native Christians. A larpe native army
is ready to oppose the relief column on
the way here. The Chinese Government
cannot 'decide whether to accept the pol
lcv of rigidly s-upnressir.g the Boxers or
that of defyinsr the world. The decision
rests with the Dowager Empress.
During the isolation of Peking and
Tientsin. Shanghai is supplying a be
wildering bunch of reports and conjec
tures, most of thfm picturesque and
threatening. Here is one: V V V '
"Miscellaneous armed crowds nave
been in progress northward for some
weeks, and the hordes around Peking are
being constantly swelled by these arriv
als. "Well-informed Chinese here who are
not unfriendly toward foreigners declare
that there must now be more than 120,000
men outside the city gates, all of them
armed, although ?ome In a more or less
crude fashion. The probability Is that
there are not more than .O.OuO Chinese
troops among them, all told.
Anarchy in Peking.
"Information from Peking, brought
hither by refugees, says that, the city Is
In a state of panic. Incendiary tires are
of nightly occurrence, and scores of out
rapes are reported.
••Women and children from Tientsin
are pouring into Shanghai. The chief dan
ger here Is the fact that the native town,
behind the European settlement. Is full !
of bad characters, whose attitude is be
coming every day more insolent and men
aclnc The latest news to hand is that
7000 Russians, with twelve machine guns
and twelve field guns, are marching from
Tientsin to Peking. Last week the for
eign Ministers warned the Tsung Li
Yamen that. In the event of an attack
upon the legations or of injury to any
of the Ministers or members of the staffs
of the legations, the powers in common
would declare war upon China. To this
ultimatum the Tsung Li Yamen. as usual,
returned no direct reply. The answer to
the Empress Dowager is. no doubt, the
attack upon the legations by the Boxers
and the troops under General Tung Fah
"It has transpired that a few days ago
the Viceroy of the southern provinces re
ceived orders from Peking to co-operate
with General Tung In the defense of
Peking against a threatened invasion by
the 'foreign devils.' They were instruct
ed to send to Peking, without an instant s
delav. the troops they had available
within their respective jurisdictions, 'the
time having now come to rid our empire
forever of the evil elements which have
so long threatened it.' " «
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Dally Telegraph, in a dispatch dated June
'"Ne^rs from Peking, dated June 13, says
the Boxers were then killing hundreds
of native Christian* . and the servants of
foreigners."
Taku Forts Seized.
The same correspondent, in a dispatch
dated yesterday, says:
"Chinese report states that Admiral
Seymour Is lighting with the Chinese reg
ulars, and the foreign forces have seized
the Taku forts."
Another special dispatch says: "From
the character of the Chinese movements
to hand it Is certain that the Chinese
have foreign advisers.".
Th« foreign consuls at Shanghai, the
members of the Municipal Council and
the officers of the volunteer forces met
yesterday (Sunday) and adopted a plan
in event of its being necessary to defend
themselves against the native Chinese.
The German gunboat Jaguar left Shang
hai suddenly on Saturday without com
municating with the shore. It is said
there that she is chasing vessels belong
ing 1 to the China Merchants' Association
that are carrying, munitions of war.
A dispatch from Hongkong, dated Sat
urday, says:
"The air is full of sinister rumors with
edsre. His Majesty promised that the
judicial officials Involved should be pun
ished. The Incident is thus closed."
PEKING— VIEW OF PART OF THE WALL SURROUNDING THE CHINESE CITY.
. - • - •-¦ ¦ ¦ . .
From a photograph loaned by Supervisor McCarthy, which was lately sent to him by his brother-in-law, A. F. Chamot- -
MASSACRE OF HUNDREDS
OF NATIVES IN PEKING
NEW YORK, June 17.— The World has this from Hongkong, dated June 18: All unpro
tected foreign buildings in Peking have been destroyed. Hundreds of natives have been
murdered. The Boxers have cut the railway behind the column of British, American
and other foreign marines sent by British Admiral Seymour to the relief of Peking. This
has shut off the column's supplies. The column is reported to have had an « engagement
with the Chinese, with what result is not stated.
All wires to Tientsin are cut. The' United States battleship Oregon is taking on
coal and provisions here preparatory to leaving. Great activity is displayed by the British
naval authorities in Hongkong. The cruiser Terrible and a transport with 700 troops have
sailed for North China. The armored cruiser Undaunted left suddenly for the north on Sat
urday under sealed orders. The cruiser Bonaventure is expected from Manila to-day to
coal and rush north. The sloop Rosario and two torpedo-boat destroyers will leave soon.
The southern provinces of China are still quiet.
repard to the progress of affairs In the
capital, but It is extremely difficult to ob
tain confirmation of any of the stories
afloat. The position of the foreign envoys
is believed to be desperate. The authori
ties here are understood to have received
Information that one of the foreign Min
ieters and a legation secretary have been
murdered.
"In the midst of these rumors an ex
traordinary amount of excitement has
been caused by the sudden dispatch under
sealed orders of H. M. S. Undaunted with
out awaiting her full supply of stores. The
Rosario is also under orders to prepare
for an Immediate start."
The following: summary of the situation
was telegraphed to the Daily Xews from
Shanghai last evening:
"The situation is critical and without
parallel since the Indian mutiny. At the
Yansrtse ports there has been no out
break, but placards have been posted in
Kin Kiang, ITgas Skin and Wu Hu calling
on the people to 'kill and burn." A body
of rioters. 5000 strong, are at Kwei Hsien.
in the prefecture of Canton, and troops
hav« gone to suppress them. The powers,
unprepared, are helpless to prevent dis
aster, but barring trifling local friction
they are working amicably."
Hundreds of Christians Slain.
The Peking correspondent of the Times,
in a dispatch dated June 14, via Tientsin,
June 13, says:
"A serious ar.ti-foreign outbreak took
place last nightr when the finest buildings -
in the eastern part of the city were burned
and"" hundreds of native Christians and
servants employed by foreigners were
massacred within two miles of the Impe
rial Palace. It was an anxious night for
all foreigners, who were collected under
the protection of the foreign guards. The
Boxers burned the Roman Catholic East
Cathedral, the large buildings of the Lon
don Mission and the American Board of
Missions, and also the buildings in the
eastern part of the city occupied by the
foreign employes of the maritime customs.
"If the troops to reinforce the Foreign'
Guards fail to arrive to-day further riots
are expected. It is believed that no Eu
ropeans have been/ Injured."
"Telegraphic communication with the
north." says the Shanghai correspondent
of the Times, under Sunday's date,
"ceased early this morning-. The last
message from Tientsin reported that fight
ing had begun, but gave no details. Mes
sages for the north are now forwarded by
steamer from Cheefoo.
"The Boxer movement Is gaining
strength after the immunity with which
the recent outrages have been committed,
and it is likely to spread rapidly. Tcle
rrams received here yesterday by the
Consuls from the fleet at Taku describe
the position of the forces under Admiral
Seymour. . close to Peking, as serious,
since it is confronted by General Tung.
Fun Sleng's troops, with large bunches
of Boxers in the rear. Water is scarce and
the commissariat defective."
Women Share the Peril.
The morning papers generally consider
the situation in China more serious than
ever, but i they have • so thoroughly ex
hausted the superlatives that there Is not
much left to be said. They advise that
some of the rumors be received with cau
tion. The Times says:
"The anxiety with which further news
is awaited is heightened by the painful
fact that the perils of the situation in Pe
king are shared by a number of European
ladies and children, including Lady Mac
donald and her little daughters. Some
day? will probably elapse before definite
news reaches us as to events in Peking or
as to the progress of the relief expedition
struggling toward the city."
The Yokohama correspondent of the
Times says: •
"Japan is sending 2000 troops to China.
At an audience granted to the Japanese
representatives at Seoul the Korean Em
peror expressed regret for the torture and
execution of the two refugees, which, he
said, occurred wlthffut the imperial knowl- i
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I y
HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL,
\k^y WASHINGTON. June 17. — American troops are now on
their way from Manila to Taku. Whether or not they will
be landed will depend upon the situation existing on their ar
rival. The administration has come to the conclusion that to
insure the protection of American life and property throughout
China order must first be re-established in Peking and the Em
press Dowager and the Tsun Li Yamen impressed with the abso
lute necessity of acting as the powers desire in tne matter 01 pre
serving foreigners and their interests from harm. When nor
mal conditions return then will be discussed the question of the
indemnity due American missionaries for the destruction of their
missions and perhaps the powers may determine the political fu
ture of the emDire.
For the present, however, tHe President is concerning him
self solely with measures to take to reach Americans and provide
them with protection. Peking and Tienstin were silent to-day,
as they were yesterday and as the former has been since 10:49
o'clock on Tuesday night. Secretary Hay said to-night that he
had heard nothing from Minister Conger or any of the Consuls.
The Navy Department stated it was without advices from
Rear Admiral Kempft, and European embassies and the Japan
ese Legation replied in answer to inquiries that their several gov
ernments had not advised them of any developments in the
Chinese situation.
The President decided it was inadvisable to wait until Ad
miral Kempft mig-ht send a ship to the cable station, and by his
direction Rear Admiral Crowninshield. chief of the Bureau of
Navigation, sent this morning an instruction to the gunboat
•Yorktown. at Chefu. to which point telegraphic communication
is open, directing her to proceed at once to Taku with a message
to Admiral Kempft. The dispatch to Admiral Kempft is a re
iteration of the instructions cabled to him on Friday after the
Cabinet meeting: to wire at once a statement of the situation and
asking if he is in need of ships or troops. There is also reason
to believe that he has been advised of the character of the in
structions sent to Major General MacArthur. The Yorktown
will reach Taku to-morrow and under the instructions given
her will receive Admiral Kempft's reply and proceed to the near
est telegraph station, probably Port Arthur, from which point
Admiral Kempft's response will be wired.
In dispatching troops from Manila to Taku for use if needed,
tlie President is acting in accordance with his desire to be pre
pared for any emergency that may have developed or should
develop. If there be no need for troops when the transport
conveying them arrives at Taku, it will be an easy matter for
them to be returned to Manila and the men will have the benefit
which the sea voyage gives. It is altogether likely, however,
that troops will be required.
Attention was called to-day to the fact that the provision
train which started to the relief of Vice Admiral Seymour's
column was compelled to return to Tientsin. The international
force is therefore isolated, though it is thought it is still strug
gling on its way to Peking. The cutting off of communications
with Vice Admiral Seymour may seriously delay the work of re
lieving the foreign legations in Peking.
The latest information from his column was to the effect
that it was suffering from want of water and other supplies and
"•was making slow progress. Its commander may deem it neces
sary to restore communication before going farther. In any
event the inability of the international force to maintain open
communication shows that it is not strong enough to cope with
the situation and that additional troops are necessary.
Washington Is Yet Without News
From Besieged Cities, and the
Continued Silence Increases Anx
iety for the Safety of Whites.
Regulars of the Wed States- 'Army
Will Assist in Protecting the
Lives and Property of For
eigners From Boxer Attacks.
MANILA, June 18, 10 a. m.— The Ninth Regiment has been ordered to Manila, whence it will proceed to China. For more than a year the Ninth In
fantry has been serving in the Philippines. It was stationed at Madison Barracks, New York, and in March, 1899, received orders to proceed to Manila.
It was with Major General MacArthur in operations against the insurgents last winter and is now distributed among nine towns, including Tarlac, O'Donnel,
Capas, Bamban, Victoria, Murcia, Gerona and Conception.
The regiment is under the command of Colonel Emerson H. Liscum.. who served with distinction during the Civil War. During the Spanish war Col
\ onel Liscum was tendered the rank of brigadier general of volunteers, which he accepted. He was mustered out on December 31 j 1898, and returned to
the command of his regiment. His second in command is Lieutenant Colonel C. A. Coolidge, who also performed' gallant service during the Civil War and
who distinguished himself in Indian campaigns, receiving the brevet of major for his conduct in action against the Indians. The majors now with the regi
ment are Jesse M. Lee; who was counsel for Major General Miles during the beef investigation, and James Reagan.
AMERICAN TROOPS SAIL FROM MANILA
TO JOIN INTERNATIONAL ARMY IN CHINA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1900.
3
'"THE occasion for wearing a sack suit or
1 cutaway is principally in the morning, or
all day when at business. The occasion for
ordering the suit is at present, during our sale
of made-to-order suits for $ih° from these
fashionable, dressy cloths : \
black cheviot new light blue serge
blue cheviot and clay worsted
In looking for values when you order,
don't overlook the fact that these are $20.00
materials. The mills expected when they
made the cloth that it would sell in suits at
$20.00; and so it would were we not closing
out a big purchase of cloth at a special price.
To prove this, compare our samples with
any other samples that you see for $20.00.
We pay careful and strict attention to out-of-town
orders; we treat customers by mail as though they were
present, buying in person. Write for samples and self-
measuring blank.The Parisians arc in trouble. They wish the Czar
of Russia to attend their exposition, but he will not
do so, and they do not wish Kaiser William* to show
himself and yet he threatens to do so. It is another
illustration of the fact that royalty is never agreeable
to republics, no matter how they take it
• .-.-¦--'¦
To-morrow evening the wedding of Miss
Olive Snider and John Merrill will tako
place in the First Congregational Church,
In this city. Several very swell affairs
in honor of the young couple have been
given, among them being a theater party
by Mr. Harry Holbrook. The party as
sembled in the Owl Room of the Bohemian
Club, and from there drove to the Colum
bia Theater. After the performance they
returned to the club, where supper wa.-j
served in the red room. The table deco
rations were unique and artistic, being all
of red. A string orchestra furnished music
during the service of the very elaborate
menu. Mr. Holbrook's guests were Misa
Olive Snider, John Sroufe Merrill, Mr. and
Mrs. John Merrill. Mr. and Mrs. William
Rl Wheeler. Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Buck
bee, Mr. and Mrs. N. C. Goodwin, Miss
Ella: Morgan, Miss Ella Goodall, Mis^
Mabel Craft. Miss Mamie McNutt. Miss
Jtfsselyn. Edward Greenway. E. H. Shel
don. Orrin Peck, A, B. Costlgan. Allen
St. John Bowie and Dr. Harry Tevls.
Miss Snider and Mr- Mer
rill Guests o! Mr.
Holbrook.
WILL MARRY
TO-MORROW
CAIilFOBHTANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, June 17. —Clement P. Rust
of Oakland Is at the Astor. L. Joseph,
Thelsir.g of San Francisco la at the Marl
torough.
No microscopic examination will be needed to con
vince an intelligent man that Kinyoun has buboes on
the brain.
The ice trust exposure in New York has had the
effect of putting the Van Wyck Presidential boom
into such cold storage it will never thaw out this side
of hades.
There is no bubonic plague in this city, but never
theless if the Kansas City folks should decide to fumi
gate the delegates to the Democratic convention from
this locality no harm would be done.
The popular celebration of the Fourth of July will
be exceptionally vigorous this year by way of patriotic
protest against the sillybillies who are going to try to
turn it into a Bryanitc sideshow.
The young ladies of Wellesley College seemed to
have reached the very pinnacle of proficiency in
American collegiate attainments. They hazed one of
their number the other day nearly to death.
The Chinese crisis has given the concert of Europe
an opportunity to play a star engagement, and if it
does not do well enough to make itself a permanent
attraction it will have to go out of business at once.
Russia and the United Sta'cs are to arbitrate the
points in dispute between them over the Bering Sea
fisheries, but neither will arbitrate with China, for
China is not a Christian country and has neither an
army nor a navy that could hurt anything.
It is certainly curious that the constitutional
amendment authorizing the city of San Francisco to
pay its outstanding bills should have been lost in the
shuffle at Sacramento, but such accidents will happen
so long as we have shufflers to do legislative business.
FOR A GARDEN PARTY.
The dress represented Is in straw color
ed muslin and white lace. The short lace
bolero is edged with narrow black velvet.
The lower part, sleeves and apron of the
skirt* are of muslin. In narrow stitched
pleats. The rest Is In lace edged with vel
vet and the waistband la of draped velvet.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
On the same wall hangs a Hugo Fisher.
"Emerald Bay," Lake Tahoe, with hill
and tree and water, but without one sin
gle feature of distinction save a certain
decency of composition. The water Is not
wet. For contrast in this regard compare
it with its next door neighbor, "On the
Marne at Champigny." It lacks move
ment, depth, the trees are stagey, the hills
without legitimate effect of distance. and
the whole tone muddy.
"On the Marne at Champigr.y, by W.
Baird includes a delightful bit of water
painUng, and it is interesting in this con
nection to compare, even in this small col
lection, the attempts at river, sea and lake
imposed upon a patient public. One artist
shows a river of glass, another a green
silk lake, another a pool of polished steel.
With yet another painter of seas the
waves "are "posed" always — immobile from
over-conscientiousness of treatment, but
Mr. Baird has succeeded in getting "water
as Is water"— a dimpled, sunny, flowing
stream, singing as It goes. The whole
color scheme of the picture Is clean and
sunny throughout, with no false note, ex
cept perhaps an over-purple distance. As
a composition, "On the Marne" is less ad
mirable. It is lacking in plot and balance,
and evidently composed itself. The ducks
are well and humorously drawn.
Joseph Greenbaum shows his Salon pic
ture "La Priere," recently on exhibition
at the Hopkins Art Gallery.
t R Chretien has two small but distinctly
clever bits of still life in the same gal
lery. The handling of the copper vessel
is especially deft.
Said .Toaquin Miller on his return. from
the far north, speaking of Alaskan color:
"Never was such color. It Is color com
pleted, crowned, achieved! The innermost
soul of blue, the rose of heaven, glinting,
gleaming, glowing with beauty indescrib
able. As one sees the sun trying to get
his chin up over the hills beyond — he can
not quite — to look down Into the gorge be
neath, sending ehafts of light into the
heart of them— well, I have no words. It
needB a new Columbus to capture the
color up there: It is a new world to con
quer." But William Keith had already
discovered Alaska at that time, and there
hangs in his studio now a rare Impression
of the northern wonderland— a pearly,
opalescent, jeweled sort of scene, which
amply : testifies to the difficulty of word
painting when such color is in question.
Theodore Wores shows a. portrait of
Lovell White this week, and the likeness
is a good one, as in all Mr. Wore's por
traits. - But the pose is somewhat stiff and
there is a certain hardness abotft the tech
nique, especially in the treatment of the
hands. Th^portralt is well placed and
good, though not subtle In color.
oN one of the local galleries this week
are two Yosemite scenes of Tom Hill's,
jl not new there, but now hung to at
tract Both pictures are eminently
characteristic of the painter, his fine
workmanship and cool, pearly tone, and
they are to be had for a price— an ex
ceedingly reasonable one. That they came
into their present quarters through the
settling up of an esate doubtless explains
the unusual figure.
ART AND ARTISTS.
W. N. Burkhalter of Truckee, who has
extensive lumber interests in Nevada
County, is registered at the Lick.
Mark R. Plalsted of the Fresno Evening
Democrat and the Riverside Enterprise 13
registered at the California.
E. J. Dubois, the mining man. has re
turned from Paris and is staying at tiia
Grand.
R. Rale of El Paso, who la connected
with the Secret Service, is a guest at the
Lick.
J. A. Chauslor, an oil man of Los An
geles, Is registered at the Palace.
S. A. Woody, an oil magnate of Bakers
field, Is a guest at the Russ House.
Superior Judge J. R. Webb of Fresno
is at the Lick.
R. D. Curtis, a hotel man of Lens?
Beach, Is at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
As a final word upon the conference it is said: "It
ought to be proclaimed from the housetops that the
Government of the United States will not afford an
asylum for Europeans, residents of South America,
who seek the protection of our naturalization laws,
and that no claim for damages against one of our sister
republics shall be presented by our diplomatic, agents
unless the claimant is a genuine citizen of this coun
try,'and what is more important is the proclamation
by the United States as a principle of international
policy that the political and geographical integrity of
the American republics, shall be preserved and pro
tected."
Despite these obstacles, Mr. Curtis believes much
may be accomplished to bring, about more cordial re
lations with our southern neighbors by wisely directed
action a£ the conference of American republics to be
held in the City of Mexico between May and. October
of next year. He says something should be done to
obtain from all South American governments the
recognition of United States diplomas, particularly
those of doctors and dentists, and to prevent impos
tors from claiming professional diplomas from insti
tutions in this country; efforts should be made to con
clude treaties for the portection of commercial travel
ers against extortionate fees often imposed by local
authorities, which now constitute a serious embargo
upon commerce, and uniform quarantine laws should
be established for mutual protection.
It is added that the people of Latin America "have
more sentiment than we and arc more inclined to be
governed by sentimental reasons in their political and
commercial relations." The Conservatives, or
Spanish party, "take advantage of every disagreeable
incident to prejudice public opinion against the
United States and the recent acquisition of territory
has afforded them an opportunity of crying 'I told you
so.' They have long argued that 'la grande republica'
intended sooner or iater to extend its sovereignly
over the entire hemisphere, so when we took Porto
Rico and assumed a protectorate over Cuba they pro
claimed that it was the first step in the march of con
quest southward."
Mr. Curtis begins by pointing out some of the fac
tors which create friction between ourselves and the
people of Latin America. In the first place a con
siderable number of European adventurers come to
the United States, take out naturalization papers, then
go to South America and whenever they do wrong
claim from this country a protection which their own
country would not have given because of their record
at home. Of these it is said: "Such claims are the
cause of constant irritation and furnish ground for the
allegation that we bully our sister republics, when we
ought to assist and encourage them." In the second
place our Government has not followed a consistent
policy in dealing with South American countries. Ac
tions taken by President Arthur to arrange commer
cial treaties were reversed when Cleveland came into
office for his first term, reciprocity arrangements
made during Harrison's administration were revoked
when Cleveland returned to office, while the efforts
made to establish reciprocity under the Dingley tariff
have not been of a nature to satisfy the demands of
the South American statesmen.
I JNDER the title,- "What Can the Pan-American
I J Congress Accomplish?" William Eleroy Curtis
v — contributes to the June number of Gunton - 3
Magazine an article which may be read with profit
as well as with, interest by all who have any commer
cial relations with South America,^or who are desir
ous of seeing our traded with the countries to the
south of us largely increased..
THE PAN-fJMERlCAN CONGRESS.
WITTY POPE AND WICKED NODLEMAN.
WHILE the beautiful character of
the present Pope." writes Jeanne
Boule in the Chicago Times-Her
ald, "places him first in the esteem
of millions, he ow#s a great deal of his
popularity to talents not generally known.
He has a firm hold on the world of art
and letters, and, in society, has long
been noted as a wit. It i? said that he
has the greatest power of repartee of
any man in Europe. It i3 an odd thing to
remind one that 'the greater the saint
the greater the humorist.' This has so
generally passed into a first principle with
students of men that one can understand
why the wisest theologians are given to
doubt the sanctity of the man who does
not enjoy a joke.
"Those who have lived near his Holiness
or who .have associative ties with him,
know a volume of stories of his wit. His
humor is of the sublime kind: it never
wounds or stings. It raises a laugh, but
always to lift the hearer to a calm height
not before known. Only once in all these
contes drolatiques does he appear to have
made a retort that stabbed, and then the
victim richly deserved it. A well-known
nobleman of one of the proud families an
tedating Christianity (some of them a
old and as wicked as Satan), who may be
named the Count de Threestars", was rash
enough to boast at a club in Rome that
he could and would put the Holy Father
at a disadvantage. He had begun by
disagreeing with his companions in their
statement that no one could disconcert
1 the pontiffs ready wit. and finished by
sayins that he could do so. Now, this
was before L.eo XIII had assumed "the
tiara, and was only Cardinal Pecei.
" 'You will get the worst of it,' his circle
warned him, 'and you will wish all the
rest of your life that you had let him
alone.'
"But the Count de Threestars was a
headstrong man, and he was bold in his
assurance. Bets were freely offered, but
only two were taken, that the adventur
ous man -would stand no chance of
getting off even third best from an en
counter with so accomplished an ecclesi
astic. It was arranged that the trial of
wit should take place on the occasion of
a diplomatic dinner, when the Count de
Threestars should be placed near the Car
dinal and given his opportunity to crush
the^ priest as flat as the tablecloth.
•'The evening arrived, and the naughty
nobleman was seated on the left of the
Cardinal, where he could be under the
charm and grace of the distinguished
man, and where all in the secret should
hear the music of his vofce. The dessert
was far advanced when, in the most
natural way, the Count de Threestars, in
perfectly assumed courtesy, offered the
Cardinal his snuff-box, that he might par
take. It was a jewel of workmanship, and
with his thumb slipped beneath." the noble
man held it so that its lid Inclined
to give the best view of it3 decoration,
this being a certain Venus of Titian,
painted in the frank and fearless old
fashion even for Titian.
"The circle was watching-, breathless In
admiring; horror, wondering what should
be the outcome of this daring intrusion
upon a man of such piety and spotless
morals as Cardinal Pecci. The holy father
looked steadily at the Venus for a mo
ment. Then he threw his head back and
half closed hi3 eyes, as if to set a pood
focus, all the while giving the lookers-on
an eternity within some seconds. Finally
he raised his eyebrows Interrogatively,
and said to the nobleman, sweetly:
" 'lime, la Comtesse?' (Your wife.)
"The snuff-box fell to the floor with a
crash, and the man's whole body
trembled with rape a£ this deadly insult—
the worst such a man could encounter,
and his eyes looked as if. but for the cloth
that separated their ranks, he could have
killed the smiling ecclesiastic on the
spot. But he never troubled Cardinal
Pecci again. People tell and writ© in
salon and private letters from Rome of the
charming grace of his touch upon tho
ordinary things of life, the discovery of
possibilities of fun where no one ever
seemed to have seen It before."
NATIONAL trade was almost wholly devoid of
feature last week. Structural steel men got to
gether and cut the quotations to conform to the
current shrinkage in merchandise values, but aside
from this there was hardly a ripple on the commercial
pool.
We scein to be doing business on the lines of fifty
3 - cars ago. Speculation is dropped, futures attract
little attention and the business of the country is be
ing conducted in the old methodical Dutch way. The
cunous feature is that wars do not appear to produce
any change of consequence in the drift of business.
For some years it has been the slogan of the wheat
pit that a foreign war would cause an immediate and
icvcrish expansion of trade and a corresponding rise
in the price of all classes of merchandise the world
ever. A pood old-fashioned war was the Moses ex
pected to lead the commercial tribes through the wil
derness and deliver the land. The wars have come
along all right and others are gathering in the
horizon, but commerce is as sluggish as a turtle. The
convulsions of the Spanish-American war produced. a
corner in Manila hemp. The South .African war,
which followed soon nfterward, instead of lifting the
price oi wheat and diamonds, and almost even-thing
else worth living for, lifted nothing but the price of
Missouri mules. Xor was this particularly beneficial
to the mule. It may be. to be sure, that the baneful
influence of politics is so prostrating to trade that in
a Presidential year nothing but an extraordinary con
vulsion is able to quicken the paralyzed commercial
body. However this may be, it is certain that trade
is fiat all over the country and nobody apparently
cares whether school keeps or not. Wall street re
ceives the most startling news from South Africa
and China with the blinking stupor of an owl at noon.
The B.ink of England lowers its rate of discount to 3
per cent, the lowest figure for a long time. This
shows abundance of meney and good financial condi
tions in London, but nobody says a word. Whether
New York sends gold to London or London sends it
to New York apparently concerns nobody. Such is
the condition of trade in the United States to-day.
Everybody expects dullness in trade in summer, but
this apathy is something new.
But the announcement on Saturday that the State
had been put under general quarantine demoralized
the whole mercantile and agricultural community. It
was a thunderbolt out of a cloudless sky. Nobody
expected it. Its effect on trade will, of course, depend
wholly en its duration. If it is continued any length
of lime the damage to California will be reckoned by
minions. To the fruit-grower it will be the disaster
of the century, for a quarantined State means the im
mediate suppression of all shipments of fruit out of
the State. Anybody who has lived a year in Cali
fornia knows wvhat this means.
Aside from this calamitous quarantine the outlook/
for a good season is most promising. Wheat has
been showing the premonitory quiverings of an ad
vance, owing to diminished crop prospects in the
"West and Northwest, and hay, which everybody
thought was going to be a drug, has suddenly, sur
prised the farmer by advancing. The fruit market,
too, is proving an agreeable surprise. Notwithstan-I
thc uniformly 'liberal crops throughout the State,
prices thus far have been rather above the normal
ar.d the demand has certainly been active. In one or
two varieties, such as pears and apricots, prices seem
low; but this is purely contrastive, as these two fruits
have been selling at enormous quotations during the
past two years and several years ago the present quo
trtions would have been considered very good. Other
iincs of produce, such as wool, hides, hops, cured
meats, etc., arc dull, with gradually declining prices.
The livestock market keeps up very well and pork is
extremely scarce and firm. Dairy products have sold
well all the spring, and cows are higher than for years.
The tendency in all manufactured goods., however, is
still downward. But considered in the aggregate the
commercial situation in the State is very satisfactory,
the quarantine, of course, execpted.
TR0DE HjEF^E f?ND ELSEWhlEr^E.
MONDAY JUNE 18, 1000
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Ccnrnur.ica'ions to W. S. LLAKE. Marar-er
WAN ACER'S OFFICK Telcphon* P***" 804
PCBLlCATlOai OFFKK..M»rk<-t «nd Tbird. 3. F.
Telepboae PrtR* 201.
EDITOniAL ROOMS 21T to 221 Sterennoa St.
Telephone I'resn 202.
D*!Ivew<i lir drrlfrv \T> Criit- Per Week.
Mx?r:I«- C'opl«"«. n <>nt«.
Trrmi Uy Mnll. Including ro»insfi
r>A'I/r CALL (Snclu-iirK PuV.ay). cn» r-ar $J-W
PAIIvT CAM, <iiicii:<5Jrs «i!-v<3y). « rncrthn I.W
r-JUI/i* CAJ.U «!cc:u1;nr Hu-iay). S months l_w
;>A!LT CAL!^-n" Bind* Month «*2
FT.-.I1AT CALL Oi« \-»- J-f"
•UrnKJ.T CALJ. One Tear lw
AH poxtmnatrm arc authorized to receive
«u Inscription*.
fi£=p> eep!e« will be forwarded when requested.
Mail mtrrrib?rs In cr^^rl^-: cbaase or sMrer<= «=h<->rl<J be
particular to rIv* beta STEW AND OLD ADOKns:; In orfier
to Ir.sure a prejnpt and correct rc;rp!!ar.ce with their request.
UAKLA.AU OITICE HIS Broadwaj
C GEORGE KROGNcSS.
Mzn&gcr Fore'jp Advertising, Marque'.te B<jnd ; ng, Chicago.
(Lcrc Distance Tel'-phcne "Central rCtt."')
NEW TOr.K COKKESI'OXDENT:
C. C. CARLTOU Heraii Square
Ts*EVT TORK nEPr.ESENTATITE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Trbune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fhwnjsn ITouw: P. O. Nun Co.: Ureat Northern Hotel:
Fremont Ilcu*e; Aud:tcrfun Hotel.
NEW TOKK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Aftcrla Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON [D. C.I OFFICt Wsllinjton Hotsl
WORTON t. CRANE, Correspondent.
Bll * vrH OFFICnS -W Mor.t«OTn«T. corner of Clay, cpm
until 9:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until »:J0 o'clock. «39
McAlMster. open until 8:30 o'clock. C15 Larkin. open until
8:30 o'clock. !S« Mission, cp«n until 10 o'clock. TXl Market,
corner Sixteenth, oj*-n until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
•ur.tll S o'clock. IS* Eleventh. op<?n until S o'clock. N\V cor
ner Twfnty-««vnd and Kentucky, open until S o'clock. ¦
The race that he has inspired with the spirit of
conquest acquired its virility, its thews and sinews, its
distinctive character and its overcoming quality and
hardy temper by survival of the fittest in a contest,
ages long, with the cold and forbidding aspects of na
ture, in the unfriendly north. Whenever it has
seated itself in the south it has degenerated, physically
and morally. Nature has forbidden it passage of the
boundary she has set for the races of men. None can
remove her landmark. Cancer and Capricorn cannot
be conquestcd. and, until the zodiac changes, Anglo-
Saxon thirst for dominion will be punished by ex
tinction of the race between the tropics.
It is the fashion to Llame the Governments of coun
tries like England and the United States for this
lapse toward ideals that are associated with the crude
and barbarous ages. But a calm philosophy will look
behind government to the force which actuates it :
and that force at present is the Anglo-Saxon appe
tite for power. It was the passion of the Vikings; it
was the force that founded the power of the North
men in Normandy and transferred it to the British
Isles. It was alwaj's cruel, but had its historic justi
fication in the founding of civil institutions as the re
sult of conquest. But, as we have often contendedi
these institutions, like the passion for dominion
which preceded them, are racial, and they can exist
only where the race can perpetuate itself from gener
ation to generation. This is left out of Kipling's
philosophy. He recognizes no physical facts, and
climatic characteristics do not* enter into his calcu
lations at all.
His nearest American representative' is Governor
Roosevelt, whose advocacy of "the strenuous life" is
a complete crystallization of Kipling's ideas.
That estimate is true. None of the critics of Kip
ling has as keenly analyzed his style and purpose and
the nature of his influence and its effect upon the
world.
From Lion's Head to Lino!
He anticipates further conquests. He urges English
men to stand together for the last great fight of all,
Russia being evidently in mind, and nourishes racial sus
picion and hatred to that end. His religion does not
surpass his ethics. God is not the God of the human
family, including The Russian r.r.d the Boer, but the God
of the .Anglo-Saxon race, the "Lord of our far-flung
battle line." On the whole, and apart from his lighter
an-I purely literary performances, Kipling represents the
temporary recrudescence of barbarism among Knglish
r-i>cuking peoples, and helps to create it. He stands for
an expr.nsicn of dominion and a contraction of ideas— a
withering of some of the best sentiments that have ever
visited man's heart, and that had been supposed to be
the special glory of tht nineteenth century.
The influence of Kipling upon the minds of men
in the United States is hardly secondary to that upon
Englishmen. lie has popularized here reasons for
public action which five years ago were utterly re
pugnant to the American mind. This fact has not
escaped thoughtful attention in this country. Re
cently Mr. William M. Salter, in Chicago, made this
public estimate of Kipling, which, while moderate in
tone, is admonitory in its conclusions:
Kipling if. a public influence. He stands along with
statesmen in shaping the course of affairs-only his in
fluence is subtler. He stirs the feelings, ambitions and
Ideals of men. The writer of the charming Jungle
Hooks and of racy short stories is more — he is the poet
of militant England and militant America, of a militant
ethics and a militant rel'sion. He never sings of liberty,
he nowhere pleads for the' oppressed. He is the com
plete antithesis of poots like Byron and She'ley, Loweli
and "Whittier. He celebrates the soldier and war. He
sneered at the Czar's proposal for peace among nations.
His ideal is of British— or, at best. Anglo-Saxon— su
premacy in the world. He summoned us to lay hold of
the Philippines. He was one of the causes of the Uoer
war, making Cape Town years ago dream—
Of empire to the northward. Ay, one land
Perhaps no man who has reached the Premiership
has preceded his elevation with equal service to the
British empire, therefore no one need wonder if Kip
ling should attain that position and administer it in
the virile spirit which has made it possible for him
tc aspire.
Not only in Great Britain has his influence been
potent. It has gone out into the world and changed
or quelled the conscience of nations, until the strong
arc combined against the weak and pity makes no
sign and mercy no protest. In this way he has done
more for England than all her finished and astute
diplomacy could accomplish. The only opposition
she encounters is from the same motive that urges
her aggressions. Of course that simply cements her
people in the purpose to overrun and capture every
thing she can reach, because otherwise her neigh
bors will do the same thing, and by additions to their
empire will more nearly equalize her power.
THERE has been a recent rumor of Rudyard
Kipling's ambition to enter higher politics in
Great Britain. It is said that he aspires to be
Prime Minister, and from that high place guide Eng
land's destiny as an empire. It must be admitted
that there is nothing improbable nor impossible in his
way, if he choose to seek such preferment. Not z
single statesman nor a great company of statesmen* in
Great Britain can claim to have done as much in
modern times to popularize the means of empire. He
has given it a sentimental basis, and has clothed it
in the garments of romance. What Peter the Hermit
was to the Crusades. Kipling has been to the march
of British power. He has quenched the scruples of
mercy, has made cruelty seem kindness; greed has
become benevolence under his touch, and selfishness
has lost its cold calculation, and been made to appear
as sacrifice.
KIPLING A BARBARIAN.
It is time for the people of San Francisco and in
deed of all California to take steps to obtain the re
moval from office of this incompetent and mischievous
official. It is now the duty of representative men to
gather all the facts of the deplorable and wretched
business and lay them before the President. The ex
tent to which the interests of the city and the State
have been injured is already great, but it will be much
greater if this outrageous order b\j permitted to re
main in force and the falseness of its pretensions be
unexposed. The harm which a pig-headed' mischief
maker can do when intrusted w.ith official power is
now clear to us and we must getfpid of Kinyounism
by getting rid of Kinyoun.
It is a law of the natural order of the world that one
evil begets another, that wrong grows out of wrong,
and this case furnishes an illustration of the rule. Out
of the reports of bubonic plague in the Chinatown of
Sah Francisco there have developed reports of plague
in. the Chinatowns of other parts of the State. Unless
something be done to quarantine the liars and eradi
cate the lies the whole State will soon be reputed to be
stricken with the pkgue. , We shall have Kinyoun
raging from one degree of offensivencss to another.
He may even become so besotted as to believe his
own words and enforce his own order, and then we
shall see it established that no one can leave any part
of the State without undergoing fumigation.
The quarantine order is to the effect that transporta
tion companies shall not "issue transportation to any
one leav.ng San Francsico for other States or Terri
tories of the United States unless on presentation of
a cert.ficate signed by a Marine Hospital officer."
~nd the inspectors stationed at* the State border have
been instructed to permit "no passengers coming
frcra San Francisco to pass unless a certificate is fur
rushed. That is the order and yet evidence shows
that any white person can obtain a certificate with
out undergoing any examination whatever The
oracr is in fact a fraud. It was prepared before Judge
Mcrrow gave .his decision against the quarantine of
Chinatown and was designed for the sole purpose of
enabling K.nyoun to have his way should the decision
Le adverse to the quarantine. It has not been en
forced honestly on its own terms and the presumption
is it was not honestly designed. If Kinyoun believes
that persons going from San Francisco are likely to
cany the plague to other localities then he is to bz
condemned for issuing his certificates to any and
every white person who applies without making "inves
tigation. Either the order is dishonest in intent or it
is dishonest in its application. That much is ap
parent on the surface of things and cannot be dis
puted.
KINYOUN'S QUARANTINE OUTRAGE.
•~N UARANTINE OFFICER KINYOUN will
V v/ **iave to a Ppcar before Judge Morrow this
morning to answer a charge of contempt of
court. He should also be brought to answer for of
fences sufficiently grave to justify his summary re
moval from office. He has now been guilty of some
tning more than mere incompetency, for his latest
quarantine order is so unwarranted, so disastrous and
is enforced with such gross partiality as to amount to
a serious misdemeanor.
Combined Jieets of the powers
in
Chinese (Waters.
SINCE the recent occupation of Chinese
territory by Germany at Kiaochau,
Russia at Port Arthur and Great
Britain at Wd-Hai-Wei the fleets of
the several naval powers in China waters
| have been greatly increased in anticipa-
I tion of the troubles -which have become
! stern reality. The growth of the United
j States fleet in Asiatic waters became j
j necessary throush the war with Spain and j
I latterly with the Philippines, and its pres- |
! ent strength Is very opportune. Prior to ;
! the battle in Manila Bay we had only six i
I vessels, of 13,737 tons, with 14% officers and !
; crew; now we have a fighting force of
j twenty-one ships, -with a complement of ]
j 3SV7, besides contingents of land and naval |
I forces aggregating thousands that may j
be made available on short notice.
As China has practically no navy, the I
.fleets on her coast are useful only to level i
I such forts as may show resistance, to pa
i trol the seas to prevent the landing of war
j material and to send suitable vessels up
j the rivers with detachments of fighters
[to overawe the natives. — >
j In the following tables showing the
I naval strength of the several powers Ja
i pan. ls omitted. Her entire naval force is j
practically available, but as the real fight
ing will of necessity require many thou- j
sands of soldiers, the war vessels are,
after all, merely adjuncts, although quite {
important: j
BRITISH FLEET.
Total. 33 vpssels of 107.017 tons and 8713 men.
Several other ships on the coast of Af
rica, in Australian and Pacific waters, can
join the above fleet and be on hand in less j
than thirty days. i
RUSSIAN* FLEET.
Tntnl, CO vessels of S?.2O7 t«n<* and 6H7 men.
The above table embraces all vessels in
active service, but does not include the
Siberian flotilla iaid up at Vladivostok,
which consists of fifteen torpedo boats
more or less efficient. The battleship Pol
tawa, cruiser Pallada. two transports,
nine torpedo boat destroyers and one tor
pedo boat were preparing last April in
Baltic Russia to proceed to Asiatic waters,
which will shortly bring Russia's fleet up
to that of Great Britain.
r.ViTED STATES FLEET.
Total, 21 vessels of 57,632 tons and 3S77 men.
There are in nddition sixteen serviceable
punboats in the Philippines, ranging from
oGO to 42 tons, aggregating 2577. tons. These
are manned from the ships of war. -and
some. If they could be spared, are ¦well
adapted for river service. Other non-com
batant vessels are the Bn;tus. Iris and
Nanshaw, colliers; Celtic, Culgoa, Glazier
and Zaflro. supply ships, and the trans
port Solace, with an ap-pregrate comple
ment of about 1400. There were also at
last accounts 6- r ,0 marines at Cavite and
12(5 marines at Guam, of which probably
one-half could be transferred to serve in
China.
The ancient Mor.ocacy. although thirty
seven years old. is a vessel Peculiarly well
adapted for river service, being a doubie
ender and drawing only nine feet.
FRENCH FLEET.
Total. 10 vessels of r.,031 tens ami 2tC~> men.
The cruiser Protet. just off tot the
i Orient, should aiiement the French nsrnt
j inp strength by 3J>4 men in about twenty
days.
GERMAN FLEET
In addition Germany very recently had
at Samoa and on the east coast of Africa
six cruisers and gunboats, namely, Cor
mi>ran, Condor. Hnfrloht. Moeve. Schwalb<»
and Seeadler. of 77W tens collectively anil
crews aggregating 8W. making a total of
thirteen ships and :JOS3 sailors and ma
rines, besides the military force at Kiao
rhan.
TVtal. 9 vessels of 2."., 403 tons an.l 23S3 men.
The first five in the above table are
Italian ships, thf Liberal and Zaire an*
Portuguese, the Valkyrirn Is Danish and
the last ore is of the Argentine navy.
SIMMARY OF FOREIOX FI^EETS
There will no doubt bo some rivalry as
to which power will take possession of th*
five splendid Chinese cruisers just out from
the Klswick ami (terman yards. They are
the fastest of their types, but unless taken
I care of by others than Chinese will soon
[ deteriorate and become useless.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1900.
Tickets on aala June 21st and 22d, good for
return within seventy days. Only 63H nours
to Chicago, on the Overland Limited. vU
Union Pacific Railway. D. W. Hitchcock. Gea.
Agt., 1 Montgomery et., San Francisco.
Chicago and Return $72 50.
¦
The "street fair" is the big thing of the time and
Eureka has found it. That lively: town, that does
more hustling for its size than any other in the State,
now proposes to, hold a festival of the kind and give
Sacramento and Stockton pointers for their, next
efforts. •
OTHER EUROPEAN "WAR VESSELS.
4
a h si !o
= O 5-1:2
NAME. = 5 ? | |
- -. . ¦ ' |: 1 : I i 1 :
Alacrity, dispatch vessel 1SSS l.70o!l7.0 jll4
Algerlne, sloop 1SD5 1.0.10J13.0 |1H6
Argonaut, cruiser 1SSS ll.yiX > i20.7o!'577
Aurora, armored cruiser VSSQl 5.60GI1S.1 4S4
Barfieur. b.ittle3hlp 18M|lO.50(>il8.5 622
Bonaventura. cruiser 1SS2 4,3f.0!19.3 312
Brisk, gunboat IS«6 1,77016.5 1172
Centurion, battleship 1S93 lO.SOOt IS. 251622
Daphne, sloop 1S8S l,14O]14.O 138
Endymion, orulser 1S91 7.330:20.5 1344
ISsk. gunboat 1S7S 3S3i i>.5 I 60
Fame, torpedo-boat destroyer 183C 275130.0 | 60
Handy, torpedo-boat dectroyer 1?95 • 260; 25. S I 50
Hart, torpedo-boat destroyer.. 1S93 26O127.08J 50
Hermione, crulcer 1835 4.260 ! l!t.S 312
Iptrigenla. cruiser 1SD1 3.C0IM19.73|273
James, torpedo-boat destroyer l?95 2Sr|27.S 50
Linnet, gunboat.. 1SS0 : 756 11; 8 32
Orlando, armored cruiser 1SS5 5,600]lS.l 454
Otter, torpedo-boat destroyer. \%% 300130.0 fiO
Peacock, trunboat 1S8S 7.^.(13. 2." 76
Phoenix, sloop 1S93 1.0:njl3.i> HOfi
Pifrmy, Runtioat 1SS8 75&|l3.Z5l 7ti
Pique, crulsf-r...; 1SS0 3,fiO('l 19. 73 i 273
Plover, punboat 1SSS 755(13.23 76
Rattler, gunboat 1SJ6 715jl3.fi 7G
P.edpole, gunboat 1SS8 R0."|i3.0 76
Rosarlo, sloop 1S3S 9S0 13.26 130
Sandpiper, riv«-r trunboat 1S9S ?r, 7.i) 20
Pnlpe, river Kunboat 1S9S »3 7.1 | 20
Swift, gunbr.at 1879 756:11. S | 92
Terrible, cruiser 1SP5 14,23O;22.< S40
I'ndaunted. armored cruiser.. ll^S'i 5, 800 j 18.1 4^4
Victorious, battleship 1«97 14.!*Vi!l7.S 737
Waterwtteh. dispatch vessel.. 1S76 «2Oji2.0 (0
WhltinB, fpedo-b.-.at destroyer 1SS6 330130.2 5H
Wlvern, coast defense vessel.. 1S65 2,75^1 5.5 151
Woodcock, river gunboat 1S9S l.'OJM.O 30
Woodlark. riv>r cunhcat 1W 1501 10.0 30
I
« ?
•5
NAME.
a
a.
: I ¦
-.:
Al^out. gunboat
Admiral Kormiloff, cruise
Uobre, gunboat
Demitry Don.«ky. nrtn'.d ci
Gaklemaclc. cunticat
Gilyack. jrunboat
Oremiatchy, gunboat
Knrewitz. pmboat
Mantboor, gunboat
r'
re
.. 1S37
.. lS9n|
.. ISM
:rjlSS2l
¦.!lS03|
..I1S97
.. 1S02!
.. 1S88
.. tSSfil
t.2W'!3
s,ooojr>
;,ss2;is
5iV'!23
963il2
1,300113
!.:i3 13
I,418'1I
_—
4:
ii:
Is
¦ 1-
i > -h ».;
N'avarin, battleship
Ot>razny, punboat
Pftropolawsk. battleship.
:.|1832l
.. 1S94H
>,880{n.
Rhsboynlck, cruiser
rBH;
K
' 1SiV>'>
>.o
Itossia, armored crjiser...
Ruriek, armored cruiyer..
Blssol -Veliki, battleship..
Sivontch. punb^at
Vladimir iTonomack. ar'ra
Vsadnick, sunboat
Zabi:ika. eunboat
1
.. 1W4 I
.. 1836 1
.. 1894
.. 1SS4
.. IS33J
.. am
I..
II).
8,
6,
1.
?.M3JIS,
t,8S9JM.
9;o!ii.
I,OG1!1.'»
40O;22
•gs
,t;fl
5 *
"J
NAME.
? a.
Raltlmore. cruiser.;.
!S^S !
Monnincrtfin. eanhoat
l< n o.
urnniiiKUHi. kuiido&i
Hrr.oklyn, armored c
•r
>,aSJ21.9
¦»«tinf> eunhoat
1.1T7H8.0 I
ja*une. ftunnoai
7oncoril. gunboat
l!710il6ls |
Don Juan d' Austria.
Cl!
Helena, sunboat
Isl.t de Cuba, gunbn;
Isla ile Luzon, gunbr
Marietta, sunboat...
Monartnock, monitor.
Ufnocacy, gunboat..
Monterey, monitor...
Nashville, gunboat..
Newark, cruiser
New Orleans, i cruise;
>at.
oat
•r..
»• •• I
1887
IS87I
INS3i
isnrt;
l»91|
tsor.l
tS9O
1SS6!
1.307115.5
t.OWilo.O
1.030 16.0
1.000(15.2
3.99Ojl2.'>
l.S70ill.2 I
4.OS4 13.8 |
1.371J16.7
4.00SI1S.0
3. 437120.0 i
II
II
l-
1>
r
*
in
1!')
is:>
na
I07
Oreeon. ;>attle!=hm
Petrel, ifunboat
892:11. S !
Princeton, Runb^nt..
Wheeling, gunboat..
Yorktown. Kunboat..
ISHVi
ISOTj
i;ss^
1.000I12.0 '
l,f>»|12.3
1.700116.1
XASIE.
».sp:
i ) K
>fe. i
cruiser ......
ur.
art.
fvrr:
«
; =
XJ
AM
... 1-
i!scr
jiser
rth;i
ier. . .
It*,
uar
H ,
r. gu
¦in A
N
\ME.
¦rtc
11, fl
0 A
tispr
r..
ise
RJ
J»
s'ALI'
!TT. j
=»TV
trt""
i »
T1
it
r.
Vt
•tes...
t 7IV>
ita!
I zu
a h si !o
= O 5-1:2
NAME. = 5 ? | |
- -. . ¦ ' |: 1 : I i 1 :
Alacrity, dispatch vessel 1SSS l.70o!l7.0 jll4
Algerlne, sloop 1SD5 1.0.10J13.0 |1H6
Argonaut, cruiser 1SSS ll.yiX > i20.7o!'577
Aurora, armored cruiser VSSQl 5.60GI1S.1 4S4
Barfieur. b.ittle3hlp 18M|lO.50(>il8.5 622
Bonaventura. cruiser 1SS2 4,3f.0!19.3 312
Brisk, gunboat IS«6 1,77016.5 1172
Centurion, battleship 1S93 lO.SOOt IS. 251622
Daphne, sloop 1S8S l,14O]14.O 138
Endymion, orulser 1S91 7.330:20.5 1344
ISsk. gunboat 1S7S 3S3i i>.5 I 60
Fame, torpedo-boat destroyer 183C 275130.0 | 60
Handy, torpedo-boat dectroyer 1?95 • 260; 25. S I 50
Hart, torpedo-boat destroyer.. 1S93 26O127.08J 50
Hermione, crulcer 1835 4.260 ! l!t.S 312
Iptrigenla. cruiser 1SD1 3.C0IM19.73|273
James, torpedo-boat destroyer l?95 2Sr|27.S 50
Linnet, gunboat.. 1SS0 : 756 11; 8 32
Orlando, armored cruiser 1SS5 5,600]lS.l 454
Otter, torpedo-boat destroyer. \%% 300130.0 fiO
Peacock, trunboat 1S8S 7.^.(13. 2." 76
Phoenix, sloop 1S93 1.0:njl3.i> HOfi
Pifrmy, Runtioat 1SS8 75&|l3.Z5l 7ti
Pique, crulsf-r...; 1SS0 3,fiO('l 19. 73 i 273
Plover, punboat 1SSS 755(13.23 76
Rattler, gunboat 1SJ6 715jl3.fi 7G
P.edpole, gunboat 1SS8 R0."|i3.0 76
Rosarlo, sloop 1S3S 9S0 13.26 130
Sandpiper, riv«-r trunboat 1S9S ?r, 7.i) 20
Pnlpe, river Kunboat 1S9S »3 7.1 | 20
Swift, gunbr.at 1879 756:11. S | 92
Terrible, cruiser 1SP5 14,23O;22.< S40
I'ndaunted. armored cruiser.. ll^S'i 5, 800 j 18.1 4^4
Victorious, battleship 1«97 14.!*Vi!l7.S 737
Waterwtteh. dispatch vessel.. 1S76 «2Oji2.0 (0
WhltinB, fpedo-b.-.at destroyer 1SS6 330130.2 5H
Wlvern, coast defense vessel.. 1S65 2,75^1 5.5 151
Woodcock, river gunboat 1S9S l.'OJM.O 30
Woodlark. riv>r cunhcat 1W 1501 10.0 30
I
« ?
•5
NAME.
a
a.
: I ¦
-.:
Al^out. gunboat
Admiral Kormiloff, cruise
Uobre, gunboat
Demitry Don.«ky. nrtn'.d ci
Gaklemaclc. cunticat
Gilyack. jrunboat
Oremiatchy, gunboat
Knrewitz. pmboat
Mantboor, gunboat
r'
re
.. 1S37
.. lS9n|
.. ISM
:rjlSS2l
¦.!lS03|
..I1S97
.. 1S02!
.. 1S88
.. tSSfil
t.2W'!3
s,ooojr>
;,ss2;is
5iV'!23
963il2
1,300113
!.:i3 13
I,418'1I
_—
4:
ii:
Is
¦ 1-
i > -h ».;
N'avarin, battleship
Ot>razny, punboat
Pftropolawsk. battleship.
:.|1832l
.. 1S94H
>,880{n.
Rhsboynlck, cruiser
rBH;
K
' 1SiV>'>
>.o
Itossia, armored crjiser...
Ruriek, armored cruiyer..
Blssol -Veliki, battleship..
Sivontch. punb^at
Vladimir iTonomack. ar'ra
Vsadnick, sunboat
Zabi:ika. eunboat
1
.. 1W4 I
.. 1836 1
.. 1894
.. 1SS4
.. IS33J
.. am
I..
II).
8,
6,
1.
?.M3JIS,
t,8S9JM.
9;o!ii.
I,OG1!1.'»
40O;22
•gs
,t;fl
5 *
"J
NAME.
? a.
Raltlmore. cruiser.;.
!S^S !
Monnincrtfin. eanhoat
l< n o.
urnniiiKUHi. kuiido&i
Hrr.oklyn, armored c
•r
>,aSJ21.9
¦»«tinf> eunhoat
1.1T7H8.0 I
ja*une. ftunnoai
7oncoril. gunboat
l!710il6ls |
Don Juan d' Austria.
Cl!
Helena, sunboat
Isl.t de Cuba, gunbn;
Isla ile Luzon, gunbr
Marietta, sunboat...
Monartnock, monitor.
Ufnocacy, gunboat..
Monterey, monitor...
Nashville, gunboat..
Newark, cruiser
New Orleans, i cruise;
>at.
oat
•r..
»• •• I
1887
IS87I
INS3i
isnrt;
l»91|
tsor.l
tS9O
1SS6!
1.307115.5
t.OWilo.O
1.030 16.0
1.000(15.2
3.99Ojl2.'>
l.S70ill.2 I
4.OS4 13.8 |
1.371J16.7
4.00SI1S.0
3. 437120.0 i
II
II
l-
1>
r
*
in
1!')
is:>
na
I07
Oreeon. ;>attle!=hm
Petrel, ifunboat
892:11. S !
Princeton, Runb^nt..
Wheeling, gunboat..
Yorktown. Kunboat..
ISHVi
ISOTj
i;ss^
1.000I12.0 '
l,f>»|12.3
1.700116.1
XASIE.
».sp:
i ) K
>fe. i
cruiser ......
ur.
art.
fvrr:
«
; =
XJ
AM
... 1-
i!scr
jiser
rth;i
ier. . .
It*,
uar
H ,
r. gu
¦in A
N
\ME.
¦rtc
11, fl
0 A
tispr
r..
ise
RJ
J»
s'ALI'
!TT. j
=»TV
trt""
i »
T1
it
r.
Vt
•tes...
t 7IV>
ita!
I zu
The Prince of Wales is now credited
with the ambition of anonymously owning
and editing a newspaper.
£1 4th st., look out for 5c barber, grocer
best eyeglasses and specs. 10 to 40 cents. *
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tb atTownsenfl's.*
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "A Milk WlUie Flat-"
Tivoll— "Madeleine."
Alcazar— "Sarihn."
Orphean*-- Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "A Homespun Heart."
Colurr.bia — Kellar.
Olympia. corner Mason anfl Eddy etr^ets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
fXCXitif.
Fischer's— "La Forza del Destino."
£utro Baths. — Oi<en Nights.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont?,
gomery street.. Telephone Main 1012. ?Several hundred Jews in Chicago have
contributed to a fund to relieve the vic
tims of famine in Russia.
SPOT ON THE SITU".
Abbe Jlareux Makes Discovery Inter*
esting to Astronomers.
PARIS. June 17.— Abbe Mareux. the as
tronomer, has discovered and sketched
through the bis telescope in tho Optlo
Palace of the Exposition, a remarkable*
spot on the sun forming a part of aa ex
tensive group and h. ring' a diameter of
nearly forty kilometers. This spot, ha
says, will remain for seven days and be
come visible to the naked eye. He pre
dicts the appearance of other spots in
July, August and September, inferring:
that the heat during those months will bo
very great.
Luncheon
Is net complete -without a bottle of BIaACK &
TAX— "the American Porter"— product of tha
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n that rivals and
excels the best English Porter. Stout cr 'ali
and 'alt. E. C Lyons Ccu, Wholesale Dealers.
San Kraaciaco, <"*^'
Mrs. Becanon, at Santa Ana, Breaks
the Famous Record of Dr.
Tanner.
SAN*TA ANA, June 17.— A feat of fast
ing surpassing that of Dr. Tanner has
Just come to light here. The faster is
Mrs. H. F. Eecanon, who, until yesterday,
had not partaken of a morsel of food
for forty-seven days.
Mrs. Becanon came here from Cedar
Rapids, Nebr., last March, for the benefit
cf her health. Upon the advice of a
physician she refrained from eating for
a few days, after which the appetite for
food left her entirely, and she sained
gllshtly in weight and strengtb,
LIVED MANY DAYS
WITHOUT MORSEL OF FOOD
Eugene Black, Suffering From In
" somnia, Takes Fatal Overdose
of Morphine.
Eugene Black, suffering from an over
dose of morphine, was removed from his
room at 104 Eddy street last evening at
8:30 and taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where an hour later he died. '
Deceased was an employe of the Cafe
Royal. It developed that he had long
been a sufferer from insomnia and had
evidently taken the drug to produce
sleep.
DRUG PRODUCED AN
UNENDING SLUMBER
Gain an Important Victory and
About Two Hundred Federals
Are Reported Killed.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 17.— The
royal mall steamer Don, Captain Davis,
which arrived here to-day from Colon,
brings news of an impprtant battle fought
on Friday last about ten miles outside of
Panama, According to this information
the insurgent forces were victorious and
some 200 of the Government troops were
killed. It is'lnferred that Panama way
already be in possession of the rebels.
The latter are strongly entrenched at
San Joaquin. near Santa Marta, and all
the ' Government troops at Baranquilla
had been dispatched to Santa Marta when
the Don left Colon.
REBELS MAY HAVE
CAPTURED PANAMA
Platt's Chlorides Instantly Disinfects
house drains, water closet, sink, cellars. •
Went Out With a Male Escort Sev
eral Times and Did Not Learn
His Name.
The police have not yet bfen able to
find the man who fired t«»e shot, that
wounded George Mirandette. the waiter.
Detectives Graham and Fitzgerald were
detailed on the case. They found that
Mrs. Mirandette and the unknown assail
ant of her husband had been out together
several times previous to the night of the
Bbooting- Yet the lady claims that she
did not know what the man's name waa
or where he worked. .The only informa
tion that 5he could give was that he was
an electrician, and that he roomed at the
corner of Kills and Leavcnworth streets.
She also advanced the information that
he was dark and clean shaven. Detec
tive Graham went down to the Scottish
Hall Saturday night with Mrs. Miran
dette to find the dark man if possible, as
he ascertained from outside informa
tion that this mysterious person was very
partial to dancing at that hall, and that
he had several weeks before had trou
ble with Mirandette there on account of
hi? attentions to the wounded man's wire.
They did not find him.
Graham and Fitzgerald stated last night
that they think the Mirandette family
know well enough who the man is whr>
did the shootlnp. but for motives best
known to themselves they will not give
the desired information.
MRS. MIRANDETTF HAS
' A VER V POOR MEMORY
and Cliff yesterday. The beautiful weath
er brought out an enormous crowd, which
was about equally divided betweea the
two places. But one accident happened
during the day.
S. E. Grossert, a young man living at
106&* Howard street, waa playing base
ball In Golden Gate Park yesterday morn
lngr. A ball struck him on the head,
knocking him unconscious. He was driven
In a buggy to the office of Dr. Quigley, at
"Waller and Clayton streets, and from
there taken to the Receiving Hospital In
the patrol wagon. Dr. Hopper attended
Grossert ard he soon regained conscious
ness. He was suffering from a slight
concussion of the brain.
A large number of people visited tha
Cliff House.
The winners of the different events at
Sutro Baths are:
50-yard dash— E. McKenz!e won, A. Raa
second.
100-yard dash — H. McKenzIe won, C
Augustus second.
High diving— A Rae won, J. Johnson
second.
Diving for plates— IT. "Wilbert won. It,
McKenzie second. E. McKenzie third.
Springboard diving — Charles Bukes won,
F. Carroll second.
Swimming under water— J. H. Jackson
won, P. Ryan gecond.
One Small Accident Was All Tha.%
Occurred to Mar a Delicious
Day's Pleasure. .. ' ' '
A day of pleasure was spent at the partC
LARGE CROWDS VISIT •
THE BEACH AND PARK
2Iany Boys and Girls Receive First
Communion at the Church
of Notre Dame des
Victoires.
t
A largo class of boys and girls received
first communion at the 8 o'clock mass yes
terday in tha Church of Notre Dame des
Victo'res. The scene during the ceremony
was highly impressive. Thirty-nine little
girls in white costumes and twenty-six
boys attired in white vests and each
wearing a ribbon of the same color on
the right arm, participated.
Shortly before the hour fixed for the
services the candidates formed in line in
their hall in the basement and marched
through the alslo to their seats in the
body of the church.- Each child bore a
lighted candle in his hand, which added to
the effect. The church was crowded with
the parents and friends of the children, j
The altar was beautifully decorated with !
flowers presented by members of the con
gregation.
After the choir had rendered a hymn
Constant Simon, one of the boys, mounted
the pulpit, and in a clear voice read acts
before the mass. Rev. Father Guibert,
S. M., followed, and preached a short and J
able sermon before and after mass. The !
acts after mass were read by Miss Helens I
Lavergne. Throughout the services the
children sang hymns. They marched two
by two to the altar and received holy
communion. As the boys and girls stood
in line at the rail holding the lighted can
dles, which they offered to the church,
they presented a striking picture.
In the afternoon at 3 o'clock the class
made a renewal of their baptismal vows
and reheard the consecration of
the Blessed Virgin, which latter was
read by Miss Clemence Sarmet. Rev.
Father Hamot, S. M., pastor of the
church, preached an able sermon which
befitted the occasion and was intended to
direct the minds of the young ones. The
children rendered a number of French
hymns and at the conclusion of the ser
vices there was solemn benediction of the
Blessed Sacrament.
Achille Artigues "presided at the organ
at both services fcnd rendered some grand
selections. The class will attend a masd
for thanksgiving this morning at &
o'clock. Following are the names of the
children who received first communion:
Bovs — I^eon Boulanger, George Barren Maur
ice Verdler. Willy JLannlgan, Albert Blanchard,
Lucl»n Benoit, Pierre Marc. Eugene 13runet,
Jean LaKrove, Jean Serra, George Lapoullde,
Gaston Van Brouehoute. Eugene Pierret, Jo
seph Bertrand. Constant . Simon, Frank%Poll
dorl. Willy Kdgar, Charles Bernls. Adrien Bau
chon. Alfred Dreyser, Alfred Gcrveau, Joseph
Jauasand. Charles Thlebault, Pierre Bellegarde
and Georre Robert. , .
Girls— Clemence Sarmet, Augustine Rancurel,
Elizabeth Godou, Uosle Caccla, Josephine Ju
la. Genla Escalg, Joseph Robin, Arnelie Trouil
let, Scholastique Gascard, Jeanne Bordenare,
Emma Robin. Alice Glgon, Juliette Pauline.
Kllza Vaeslere, Eda Batkin, Aurella Van Brou
ehoute, Marie Marc, Helene Delsol, Helene La
verene. Celina Peramont, Marie Louise Colon,
Kirtily Serveau. Pearl Beilhes. Blanche Beilhes,
Josephine Husser, Therese Largente. Philo
mene Mesple, Antoinette Page, Francis Agar
eskl, Almee Michel. Silvia Faufrignon, Lucle
Thlebaut. Eugenia Cacsassles. Augustine Cru
< lanl, Lucle Weiss, Cellna Bellegarde, Gertie
Hall, Marie Robert and Adele Taran.-
Children Take Part in Serv
ices at French House
of Worship.
DR. RADER RETURNS x
HOME A SICK MAN
The feast of Corpus Christi was cele
brated yesterday in all the Catholic
churches in the city. At St. Ignatius
Church in the morning a solemn high
mass was celebrated in honor of the occa
sion. The Rev. Father Chiappa, S. J.,
preached the sermon.
At the Church of Corpus Christi a sol
emn mass was celebrated at 10 a. m. Mil
lard's mass was rendered by an augment
ed choir under the direction of Miss M.
Rogers.
At St. Francis Church, on Vallejo street,
the Rev. Father Caraher preached the
sermon at the 11 o'clock mass. During the
evening service there was a procession of
the blessed sacrament throughout the
aisles of the church. The Children of
Mary, in their blue habits, and about 150
girls of the parish dressed in white car
ried banners in the procession as an act
of devotiOE. The Rev. Father McMahon
delivered the sermon at the evening ser
vice.
A solemn high mass was celebrated at
Sts. Peter and Paul Church in honor of
the feast. After the mass there was a pro
cesslon, participated in by all the sodali
ties of the church and the first commu
nion and confirmation classes. A beauti
ful and valuable new canopy, recently im
ported from Italy, was used for the first
time on this occasion.
Service of High Mass at Saints Peter
and Paul Was Most Impres
sive and a Procession
Followed.
Children of Mary Carried
Banners in Procession
at St. Francis'.
CORPUS CHIRISTI
FEAST OBSERVED
IN SOLEMN POMP
LIGHTED TAPERS
WERE PRESENTED
TO THE CHURCH
The Commissioners have established of
fices in the same building with General
MacArthur and are recei%ing. discussing
and absorbing the opinions of army and
navy men and of foreigners and Fillpinios.
The people of Manila seem pleased with
the democratic course of the Commission
ers and with their habitually courteous
demeanor. The earlier feeling of disap
pointment is slowly disappearing.
Judge Wright — Internal improvements,
constabulary, commerce, corporation fran
chises and the criminal code.
Henry C. Ide — Banking and currency
and the organization of civil courts.
Bernard Moses— Revenues, taxation and
schools.
Judge Taft— Crown lands, land titles,
the church and the civil service, the last
named with a .view of bringing f/om ihe
United States a good class of Government
employes, who shall eventually replace
array officers in the civil administration.
MANILA, June 17.— Judge Taft' and hl«s
colleagues of the Civil Commission are
studying the different legislative phases
of the situation preparatory to the work
of enacting new laws on September 1,
when .they assume legislative powers. The
subjects have been tentatively divided
among them as follows:
Judge Taft and His Colleagues Hard
at Work on the Enactment
of Civil Laws.
COMMISSIONERS WIN
OVER THE FILIPINOS
Malarial fever has been prevalent since
April in parts of Cavite and Batabangas
provinces, which are garrisoned by tho
Forty-sixth and Thirty-ninth regiments.
Thirty per cent of the men of each regi
ment are on the sick list. Of two bat
talions in Batangas -province, one has 150
sick and the other 190.
The Americans operated under many
difficulties and over an exceedingly rough
country: but the rebels retreated, only a
lew resisting, and the stronghold was
occupied and burned.
As the rerult of last week's scouting
sixty Filipinos were killed. 200 were cap
tured and 300 rifles, with 23.000 rounds ol
ammunition, were surrendered. Three
Americans were killed.
MANILA, June 17.— The United States
forces rad two engagements of impor
tance last week. The troops under Gen
eral Funston and General Grant organized
an advance with part of five regiments
and two guns against 500 rebels in a moun
tain stronghold east of Biacobata, where
it was supposed Captain Roberts of the
Thirty-fifth legiment, who was captured
last month at San Miguel de Majurao, was
held captive.
Forces Under Command of Generals
Funston and Grant Win Two
Important Victories Near
Biacobata.
Thirty Per Cent of Troops
in Two Regiments on *
Sick List.
MALARIAL FEVER
IS LAYING LOW
M'ARTHUR'S MEN
"Smiley" Garvan, a well-known charac
ter about town, thinking McNamara was
in imminent danger of being drowned,
"Jack" McNamara. the South Side poli
tician, while assisting- an old man to reach
a place of safety, lost his footing and
tumbled overboard. Being unable to swim
he shouted for help.
Policeman Ottsen realizing the danger
at once ordered the crowd on the wharf.
Just as a major portion of the crowd
had reached the shore part of the wharf
gave way under the strain, precipitating
a number of men and women into the wa
ter. All were rescued without any dirli
culty.
Suddenly the wharf, which is a frail
structure, commenced to sag. and warn
ing shouts went up from the excited
crowd.
*jp? PRIVATE wharf at Harbor View
[L\ collapsed yesterday, precipitating a
/f~X> numt >er of men and. women who
were standing on it into the wa
ter. Fortunately nobody was Injured.
Thj; Fishermen's Association gave a pic
nic €t Harbor View which waa attended
by a large crowd. While the aquatic
sports were in progress the wharf, which
is the property of Rudolph Hermann, pro
prietor of the baths, was crowded with
people.
Policeman Ottsen also received a slight
ducking by falling through an aperture in
the wharf by the planks parting.
A young woman, whose name was not
ascertained, seeing the crowd making des
perate efforts to reach the beach, and
thinking that tha entire wharf was about
to collapse, jumped into the water and
swam ashore. She was loudly applauded
as she walked up the beach.
McNamara was none the worse for his
involuntary bath.
hurriedly divested himself of his coat,
vest and shoes and went to the assistance
of the politician. After considerable
trouble he succeeded in landing "Good
Natured Jack," as he Is familiarly known,
on the beach.
••Providence Guided Washington and
the Kevoiutionary Army," De
clares the Preacher.
Ft*v. Ge-Tjre C. Adams. 15. IX . preached
before a large congregation this morning
Bi xhc First Congregational Church on the
"Story of Bunker Hill." The preacher
took as his text the third verse of the
IVrty-fourth Psalm. "They got not their
land with their own sword." After re
lating the events which led to the Declar
ation of Independence and the Revolution
ary War the fpt-aker told how astounded
the patriots Lbcsiselvea were at rinding
tfcpmselves able to stand up to the sol
dierc of Great Britain.
"The hand of Providence." said the rev
erend gfntlcman, "was visible throughout
the whole epoch, in the events preceding
end following the Declaration of Inde
;•• ndenee. and in every battle fought be
iwofn the republican* and the redcoats.
I'.i hind the planning of Washington and
the other officers of tbe patriot army an
other and a greater mind directed
the campaign ar.rt shaped the war's
end. Can it be then doubted by any
thir.kinp man who reeards things
r.rnund him to-day tha.t Providence is Mill
directing and guiding Dfl as it was in those
days of dawn, when Joseph Warren, one
i f tbe brightest, finest figures that the
¦war gave us. shPd his blood on Bunker
Hi;l that the tree of liberty might grow
and flourish and afford shelter and peace
10 'he sons and daughters of men?"
'•BUNKER HILL" SUBJECT
OF DR. ADAMS' SERMON
'ICKNTCKERS DUMPED INTO THE BAY AT HARBOR VIEW BUT ALL ARE RESCUED UNINJURED.
The gripman, whose name is Summer
ficid, in explanation of the accident says
ttutfj he either dropped the rope too hur
ri<d!y or failed to pick it up in time. On
ateottSt of the accident the McAllister.
stn.fi etn were delayed for thirty min
i'T.-s while the damage was being re
paired.
Pome time ago a Fimilar accident oc
curred at the earr.o point and several per-
Boss, Including a woman, were hurt.
II. E. Mann, the conductor, was stand
ing on 'he rear platform when ihe car
Etrnck the bumper. He was hurled ir.to
The middle of the stroft. but fortunately
escaped with a few slight bruises.
.- h ? <"ar was an open one. Esola and
Nolan were seated inside along with a
number of other passenjrers, including
several women. They were deeply en-
BUged In conversation when the car
crashed against the bumper. Both men
Vfre thrown violently aeainst the front
of the car. Nolan was struck by flying
pieces of glass and badly cut. A well
dressed young woman, who refused to
give her name, was also injured by being
thrown apair.st the Fide of the car.
Car SO? of the McAllister street line
ra.i Into a bumper at McAllister and Lar
kia streets last ni^ht and injured Lieu
tenant of Police EsoJa and Leo Nolan of
the firm of No'.an Bros., shoe dcaler>.
Esola had his left eye badly injured,
while Nolan sustained a deep cut across
the nose and also a lacerated wound of
the chin.
lieutenant cf Police Esola and i/so
Nolan, the Shoe Man, Are In
jured by the Flying
Glars.
Serious Accident Narrowly
Averted on McAllister-
Street Line.
CAR RUNS INTO
A BUMPER AND
TWO MEM HURT
District Conventions.
Candidates for the lower house of the
State Legislature are in some cases nom
inated by primaries. In others by county
conventions and In others by representa
tive district conventions. In some cities
Aldermen are nominated by aldermanic
district conventions. Candidates for the
State Senate are nominated by Senatorial
district conventions. Still other districts
nominate candidates for Congress. Their
conventions meet each alternate year, and
every fourth year It Is, as a rule, the same
area which chooses a candidate for Presi
dential Klector and nominates delegates
to the National Presidential Convention.
The procedure of the various district con.
ventlons is similar to that of the county
convention.
Names of candidates for the two houses
The County Convention.
The county committee for each party
calls a county convention and specifies the
number of delegates to which each city
and town is entitled. The committee
chairman calls the meeting to order and
reads the "call." A temporary chairman
and secretary are then chosen and a com
mittee en credentials appointed. These
last examine the credentials of the dele
gates, and in case there are two sets of
delegates from the same town or city
claiming seats in the convention they re
port upon the contest to the convention,
which usually adopts the report as a mat
ter of course.
Generally the temporary organization is
made permanent, and the convention, hav
ing appointed a committee to count the
ballots, next proceeds to nominate candi
dates for county offices. Candidates are
announced In "nominating speeches" set
ting forth their qualifications. Nomina
tions are sometimes made by acclamation,
as there is often no contest In a county
convention and the ballot may be dis
pensed with.
When not otherwise chosen, a county
committee for the ensuing year Is elected
by the conventicn. The nominations hav
ing been made and routine business at
tended to, the convention adjourns sine
die.
The Crawford County Caucus.
An exceptional form of the -primary
originated in Crawford County, Pennsyl
vania, and is called by the county name.
It does away with nominating conventions
of delegates and permits the voters of
the party to vote by ballot at the polls
for their party candidates. The first elec
tion is conducted like a regular legal elec
tion, but the voters are those of a single
party only* The system i3 used in some
of the counties and districts in a dozen
or more of the States.
Party Committees.
The other branch of party organization
consists of permanent committees annually
appointed by the several primaries, cau
cuses or conventions for the various elec
tion areas. There is no uniform system.
Some States have a party committee for
every election area— one for each town
ship, each city, ward or precinct, each
city, county, district, and for the State.
Others have committees for the larger
areas only. Every State has its State
committee for each party and its mem
bers of the national party committee.
"Within the Etnte or the national com
mittee a small executive committee really
holds most of the power and does most
of the work.
These committees have charge of all
party business except the nomination of
candidates. They raise and pay out
money for party purposes, organize pub
lic meetings, employ speakers, print and
circulate political tracts and articles, look
after the registration of voters and nat
uralization and enrollment of immigrants,
arrange, for each election the plan of
campaign, call together at the proper
times the nominating bodies, conduct the
canvas;, provide and distribute the tick
ets at the polls. Often the regular com
mittees are assisted at election time by
others, called campaign committees, ap
pointed for the purpose. ¦ *
Lists of the legal voters in any locality
are prepared in all the States Dy public
officials, and persons whose names are
not found on those lists may be denied
voting privileges. Announcements are
published before elections stating places
and hours for registration.
Local Party Organization.
Outside of New England the party com
mittee of each village and town calls thj»
party primary, or caucus, or primary
election (which are different names lor
the same thing; to make nominations for
the local offices and to choose delegates
to the conventions to be held in the
larger areas. All party voters who re
side within the ward or town for which
the primary- acts are (entitled to member
ship in the primary.
Except in the large cities, party ques
tions often do not enter into elections ol
local officers, but the citizens divide upon
matters of purely local interest, such as
the building of a schoolhouse or a street
car line. The candidates nominated by
the party first holding a primary or cau
cus may be accepted by the opposing
party, and voted against only by those
individuals opposed to the local po*icy
which they represent.
In New England and In other parts of
the country having the New England t>pe
of town government the annual to^n
meeting tills the place of the primary and
nominates candidates for local offices and
delegates to the party conventions, inis
is often done without any previous under
standing, but sometimes there are seir
announcements. and sometimes the pri
vate -parlor caucus" decides upon tne
names to be proposed to the voters.
Anv party voter may propose names to
be voted upon, but the local committee
sometimes brings forward a list of candi
dates. This is regarded as rather an
abuse of the committee's powers.
In the cities party lines are more closely
drawn and usually reach to the minutest
ramification of the publice service. The
election unit is the ward or precinct, each
usually having its committee for each
party, by whom the primary is called.
The ward primaries elect the-ttfneers of
the ward and delegates to district conven
tions in the city (if such there are), and
to the city conventions, which nominates
-the officers elected by the whole city.
Conduct of the Primary.
The chairman of the local committee
usually calls the meeting to order and
reads the committee's call. A chairman
and a secretary having been elected—us
ually viva voce— the caucus proceeds to
the nominations of candidates for the
various nlaces to be filled. Names of a
number of citizens may be brought for
ward and their comparative merits dis
cussed before the meeting. If choice is to
be by ballot a committee is appointed to
receive ar.d count the ballots and the of
ficial voting lists are referred to to deter
mine whose votes may be accepted. Al
most invariably, in order to avoid waste
of time in securing a majority, those who
receive the largest number of votes on the
first ballot are declared nominated. Fre
quently, when party rules or legal enact
ments do not require a ballot, choice is
made by acclamation. Each delegate re
ceives a statement of his election, signal
by the chairman and the secretary of Lho
caucus. This is called his "credential"
and entitles him to sit in the convention
to which he is delegated. ' , . '
A caucus may "instruct its delegates
to vote for the State candidate and may
require candidates nominated for the
State Legislature to pledge themselves to
vote, if elected, for a certain person for
United States Senator.
In many of the States the primaries are
actually elections merely, no opportunity
being given for the discussion of men or
measures. The decision as to candidates
then takes place in the committee or
other private gatherings of local politi
cians beft-re the voters assemble in th'?
primaries. A primary or caucus may
elect delegates to as many as six or more
annual conventions, and in those years
when a Presidential election occurs the
number Is larger still.
Our historical study of party organiza
tion has been directed chiefly to its nomi
nating function", which is its most strik
ing and apparently its mest important
purpose. But to nominate candidates is
the business of only one 1 section of the
party machinery— a section of only tem
porary duration, and called into being for
that specific purpose.
THE FULLY ORGANIZED PARTY MACHINE,
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
of the State Legislature do not appear oa
the "State ticket." which includes only
the names of those officers voted for by
the people of the whole State.
In a fewof the older States we find cer
tain State ofiicials called Executive Coun
cilors (a relic of colonial days>. elected
annually and nominated by delegates to
councilor convention?.
The State Convention.
The "state ticket" is nominated by tha
I state cor.vfr.tior:. which is called by the
j state central committee of the party. Th«
call states time and place o" meeting 1 and
the number vi delegates to which each
area to be represented is entitled. Tno
[strength ol the paity in the local areas
determines, to some extent, at least, tn»
1 number of delegates sent.
The opening of a state convention Is
much like that of a county convention,
but there is usually no formal temporary
organization, the chairman and secretary
of the central committee acting until a
permanent organization is effected. The
I chairman is empowered, by vote of the
i delegates, to appoint committees on cre
1 dentials. on permanent organization and
i on resolutions. The last committee ia
j reallv in general selected and holds a
i meeting before the convention meets. The
permanent officers are president, secretary
I and assistants, with a larse number of
honorary vic-presidents and (secretaries
appointed solely in official recognition, oC
| partv services.
The president having" been conducted to
the chair is found to have come equipped
with a carefully prepared address upon
the issues of the campaign. When this
has been delivered th« report of the com
mittee on credentials la made and ques
| tions of contested seats decided. Thea
i comes the report of the committee on r«*
j olutions. which is th« party "platform"
i of the State. This retort is usually prv
pared by leading members of the party.
s»nd -tea matter of much interest. Geu
erallyiv deals with subjects of national
import and indorses or criticizes the exist
ing national administration.
After the adoption of the platform th»
chair appoints a committee to attend to>
the brllotin^r fa committee whose men-
I bership has been agreed upon long before
j by the central committee). In formal
j "norrir.ntinc: speeches"' en ndi datei for tho
j office cf Governor are then brought before
the convention. If there is more than, one
candidate ba'lots are cast, and the suc
cessful aspirant usually receives a irva
•f jority of all the votes cast. It Is custqm
! ary for the friends of defeated aspirants
j to move that the election be made "unanl-
I mous." In a similar manner the remain-
I ing candidates are selected.
The two Presidential Electors at laxc*
| in each State everv fourth year are nom
j inated by the regular State convention: or
! (if no State officers are to be nominated
that year> by a convention called for the
purpose. Sometimes all the electora ara
nominated bv the State convention.
It is customary for the successful can
i didates for Governor and Lieutenant Gov
j ernor to be escorted to the platform be
i fore the convention clcses that they may
be introduced to the assembly and may
declare in brief speeches their acceptance
I of the honors thrust upon them.
Necessarily the routine work of tha
I State convention Is "cut and drte*i'* be
forehand by the central committee. Tha
permanent presiding officer, having been
selected some time before the assembling
of the convention. Is able to prepare a
suitable address, which may be of real
Importance, and the committee upon reso
lutions is also given time to Indite a doc
ument which shall adequately represent
the attitude of the party upon Questions
of national consequence. But too often,
the committee carries Its action beyond
the necessary or desirable limit and un-«
duly influences the choice of candidates,
so that the "State machine." becomes not
the servant. but the despotic master of the
party. This has been sadly exempline<*
in recent years In New York and Penn
sylvania, not to mention less striking- in.-,
stances. *
State conventions held In "off year^*— •
that is. years in which no Governor or
Lieutenant Governor, but only tho minor
State officers are chosen— excite far less
interest and accomplish their duties with:
less formality. In some cases nomina
tions of State officers on oft years are left
entirely to the State Central Committee
or are referred by the convention to a
committee which reports names to ba
voted upon by the convention. Sometimes
one of these methods Is followed even
when a full State ticket Is to be elected.
Massachusetts and Rhode Island elect z
Governor annually.
Minor State Officers.
Th«> officials of the State Legislature— *
the Speaker of the House and the Presi
dent of the Senate (in some instances tha
Lieutenant Governor I* ex-officto Presi
dent of the Senate) -with the various'
clerks and other minor officers — are elect
ed by the members of the bouses them
selves, and are nominated for each cham
ber by a caucus of the party members of
that chamber. The caucuses of the party
having a majority in the State Legislature
often excite great Interest and develop
sharp competition amon? the friends of
the several candidates. Especially 13 this
true of the contest for the Speakershlp of
the House, as that position carries with It
the appointment of all the committees.
The President of the Senate has In somar
of the States corresponding power.
The legislative caucus appoints, also, a
caucus committee to have charga of party
interests within the chamber. Occasion
ally the caucus is called to meet for tha
purpose of considering the policy of tha
party respecting questions before the Leg
islature. JESSE 3IACY.
Iowa College. {
Just what the outcome will be no one
can say. The workmen assert that they
will no longer consent to being fed by their
employers, a.-? has hitherto been the cus
tom. The employers say that they will
not. and could not if they would; accede
to their employes' demands.
The situation Is an Interesting one. The
Italian loaf, a cheaper substitute for the
genuine French article, a bad imitation
masquerading in a. Parisian guise, prom
ises to enter the field and, temporarily at
any rate, usurp the erstwhile unassailed
sovereignty cf the Gallic staff of life. The
Italian loaf retails three for 5 cents, the
French two for 10 cents. Should the French
head bakers comply with the demands of
their workmen the price of the product
would rise still higher, they allege. In
fact, they claim it would be prohibitive to
the cheaper class of restaurants.
Saturday the head bakers held a con
sultation and decided not to allow the de
mands of their workmen. They Inserted
the following notice in the morning dailies
and in one French newspaper.
HEAD BAKERS— The following res
- olutions were adopted at a reunion of
the French Head Uakers:
Whertas, the union of the journey
men bakers has resolved to ask, be
sides the actual regular salary, the
following advantages: (1) 75 cents per
day, i_1) two pounds of bread every
day, (3) limitation to eight hours of the
labor day, (4> exclusion from the bak
eries of all bakers not members of the
union. The head bakers, after deliberat
ing and by a unanimous vote, regret to
announce that they cannot admit the
afftresaid demands, which, if adopted,
would constitute a danger for their
general interest. They hope, neverthe
less to get over the actual crisis, and
they will do their best to deliver daily
the bread to their customers as usual.
THE COMMITTEE.
As a result of this notice and decision
half the workmen employed in the French
bakeries quit work yesterday. The remain
der say that unless their demands are
complied with their labors will cease to
day.
The French bakers have struck. They
asked their employers for 75 cents a day
for food, weekly pay, two pounds of bread
daily, an eight-hour working day. and,
lastly, the exclusion from the bakeries of
all bakers not members of the newly
formed union.
From the present aspect of things the
long, sour French loaf, with appetizing
cruist, the loaf dear to the heart of the
Gallic restaurant frequenter, will be for
some little time to come chiefly conspicu
ous by its absence in the places where
once it reigned supreme.
__J »
Situation May Mean Temporary
Passing of the French and
Ascendency of Cheaper
Italian Loaf.
Gallic Bakers Want-Shorter
Hours and an Allow
ance for Pood.
FRENCH LOAVES
MAY SOON BE
VERY SCARCE
WHARF COLLAPSES, THROWING
PLEASURE-SEEKERS INTO BAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE IS, 1900.
'In the department store of the future:
Customer— I should like to look at your
links? Salesman— Yes. sir. Cuff- or golf?
T REV. WILLIAM RADER. t
REV. WILLIAM RADER. pastor of
the Third Congregational Church,
on Fifteenth street, near Mission,
returned from abroad yesterday a
sick man. Immediately uporf the arrival
of the overland he was tenderly taken to
his home, and is now confined to his bed
and receiving the ministration's of Dr. J.
A. Miller, his family physician.
Dr. Rader was taken ill while on the
road between New York and Buffalo, and
his condition became so serious later on
that he was compelled to stop off at
Pueblo and apain at Reno. Physicians in
those two places afforded him slight re
lief. The minister caught cold and is now
suffering from an aggravated case of la
grippe.
Owing to his sickness Dr. Rader was un
able to address his congregation last
night. He sent his regrets and promised
to preach to them on the following Sun
day if his health permitted it. He has
been absent from the city nearly four
months. He visited Europe in search of
rest and recreation, but during his stay
abroad he sent some highly interesting
and brilliant letters to religious papers,
in which he described his travels and ex
periences.
Dr. Rader has presided over the Third
Congregational Church for a great many
years. Through hard work he has built
up a congregation which is as large as
any other of his denomination in this city.
His sermons on theological subjects and
those on current matters have appeared
in the columns of the press and have at
tracted wide attention. All his friends
will learn with regret of his illness and 1
hope for his speedy recovery.
5
THE CALL'S
Home Study Circle.
SEYMOUR EATON,
Director.
SUMMER COURSES,
...1900...
Beginning Friday, June 29.
I. American Political Parties.
II. The Discoverers and Explorers of
\ North America.
III. Famous Art Galleries of ihe
World.
IV. Historic Studies In Home Fur-
hishinff.
V. Comparative Studies of Two Cen-
turies.
VI. Literary Talks and .Reminis-
cences.
- • 1
Svis- OR JORDAN'S greatI
$BUSEUB OF AHATCHY$
a $kJ9 *«i»i~-«»*- i » -— 1$.. ««i» s.iz., ».r.«ii. fl
\ fcjr The LaT^e»T Anafxnical Museum in the \
A Worid. Ue»roe«>es cr kr.y contracted A
Y gj;5S\ <SiiT»*e fw-ritl«'ely c«2r«Kl try the olcra V
& tKiil bpcu-Juiri 1^. Coui list 36 yaro. $
A & ) S0 \ 02- **C2SAB~P5:¥#.TE DISEASES g
\ B(<^'^*E Cc.wiltJtion free »nd Mri-tiy prtratt \
/! • YMy H Tn fiaent persona! y or by letter. A &
V jj ff M U i** r.i-e Cure in ererjr ase undertaken. \
12,1 HR Wr.tefor Emk.'PniLOHOPatcf A
Pfj j)*a kitnm.lt;;. mailed f»; b #at
Jt fV ¦nJuAiilc book for ctrcj \
9 BB JU3D.1K A CO.. 1051 MartetSt..!*. F. 9
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Bamiana Bitters
| 6 A CEEAT HKSTC:t*.TiyjK, 1-N VlliGKA-
I icr «od Nervine.
It.- :r.cit wccderful s;hn>£ts!ac and Epeclti
7onlc for the Sexual Orcans for both sexes.
1 te Mexican Iieraedy for diseases of tbe Kll-
ceyk g.n£ n'adder. t?« ;i» on Its own merits.
NAEEH, ALrS tc BRU.VE. AceoU.
tS3 Market St.. b. f.— (Send for Circular.!
rl a)
ST. Sf. **£#*
Fur*!y rentable, mild and reliable. Caai*
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
l.ealitfu! regularity.
For t!ie cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver Bowels. Kldneyi. BlarMer. Fesiale Ir-
regularities Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
pTlpatlon, Piles and all derangements of th»
Internal Viscera. SSc a box. At DrurrUts. o*
fc" SS. BADWAT A CO.. Hew Torlt
Hemarkable Curative Properties of a
Remedy for Indigestion and
Stomach Weakness.
Ftuart'p Dyppeppia Tablets, a prepara-
tion for the cure of dyspepsia and the
various forms cf indigestion and stomach
trouble, owes its great success as a cure
for these troubles to the fact that it is
prepared for di^pase and weakness of the
stomach and digestive organs only, and
is not rr-commendtd or advised for any
other disease.
It is not a cure-all, hut for any stom-
ach trouble it is undoubtedly the safest,
mos-t sensible remedy that can be ad-
vised with the prospect of a permanent
cure. It is prepared in tablet form, pleas-
ant to taste, composed of vegetable and
fruit essences, pure pepsin and Golden
f-eai. every one of which act effectively
In diisroptinp the food eaten, thereby rest-
lrg and invigoratir-s the weak stomach:
rest is nature's cure for any disease, but
you cannot rest the stomach unless you
put into it something that will do its
Trork or assist in the digestion of food.
That is exactly what Stuart's Dyspep-
Fia Tablets do: one grain of the digestive
pr'nciple contained in them will digest
3i»0 grair.s of meat, eggs or similar whole-
Forne foods. They will digest the food
¦whether the stomach is in working order
cr rot. thereby nourishing the body and
rcftir.g the stomach at the same time
and rf-st and nourishment is nature's cure
for any weakness.
In persons run down in f.fsh and ap-
petite these tablPts build up the strength
and increase flesh, because they digest
Jiesh-forming food which the weak stom-
arh cannot do; thoy increase the flow of
pastric juice and prevent fermentation,
aridity and sour watery risings.
'Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can be found
at all drug stores at 50 cents per package.
SUPERIOR MERIT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Eugene Geary's Falo Alto, Winner of Ladies' Day
Champion Sta'ce
SANTA CRUZ. June lT.-Tfte jrsme of
baseball to-day between Santa Cruz ami
Salinas was won by the latter by a score
of 10 to 9. The. batteries were: Santa
Cruz. Arrellanes. Fitzgerald; Salir.as.
Young and Lauritzen.
SAN* JOSE. June 17.— By failins: to pet
on to the peculiar curves of Pitcher Mar
tin the GoMen Gates of San Francisc»
were defeated to-day by the San Jos>>
team by a scare of 6 to 1.
FRESNO; June 17.— The game to-day be
tween Fresno and Hanford was anything
but tne per..iant winning article. Score.
Fresno. 7; Hanford. 4. Batteries: Mon
roe and Swarts, Jones and Abbott.
lilinor Baseball Games.
Wins on a Foul.
CHICO, June 17.— Lon Agnew and
"Kid" Lewis fought ten rounds here last
night. Agnew won on afoul.
KANSAS CITY. June 17.— Kansas City. 3; De
troit, 4.
CHICAGO, June 17.— Chicago. 3; Indianap
olis, 0.
MINNEAPOLIS, June 17.— Minneapolis, J;
Cleveland 7. '
MILWAUKEE. June 17.— Milwaukee, 6; Buf
falo, 5.
American Association.
ST. LOUIS, June 17.— Cincinnati had all the
luck to-day. No matter where the hits were
Bent they went safe. Scott twirled In flne
form. Attendance 70C0. Score:
Clubs- 1 R. H. E.
Et. Louis 2 9 4
Cincinnati 14 IS 2
ltatteriea — Jones, Ptidhoff and 'Crlger; Scott
and Peltz. Umpire— Terry.
CHICAGO, June 17.— The Plttsburgs were
badly beaten to-day, principally by the great
battery work of Garvln and Chance. Garvin
had the visitors at his mercy throughout the
game, was wonderfully supported by his catch
er, and but for errors by Clingman and McCor
mick would have had the credit of a shut-out.
Attendance S?00. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 8 9 2
Pittsburg 1 6 3
Batteries— Garvln and Chance; Meekln and
Schriver. Umpire— Hurst.
Clubs— W. L Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia 23 16 .CU Pitt*bunr ...23 25 .439
Brooklyn ....23 16 .6361st. Louis. ...20 25 .444
Boston 2t 22 .4SS New York... IS 24 .423
Chicaso 22 24 .47S Cincinnati ..IS 16 .4to
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
GAR7nrS GREAT WORK.
The members of the California Schuct
zen Club held their annual bullsteye shoot
at Schuetzen Park yesterday. The mem
bers fired twenty shots apiece and the
man placing the brst shot on the target
carried off the honors. L* C. Biibin cov
ered himself with glory and was warmly
contrratulated by his friends when he took
off the honors with the remarkable shot
of 1C3. The shots made by the membera
were as follow:
L. C. Babin. 1S»; A. Rahwyler. 570: A. Ber
trlson. 33?: D. \V. MoLaughlln. 33G: H. Kmre,
.".¦>; F. E. Mason. SSI: O. IJremer. 613: C. Meyer.
€20; J. Kuhlmann. 748; C. M. Henderson. 737;
K. A. F-humnff, 831: O. Baumeister. S54; T.
J. Carroll. Ml; E. Woenne. 032: A. Str»cker,
«:.<: D. B. Fsktor. 9C6; J. C. Waller. S70: R.
Stettin. S75; O. Nammej-er. 1013; A. Hampel.
10.--0; r. Atttr.Ker. 10?2: A. Utschlg. 1118; J. L.
I'tschir. 1124; F. A. Kuhls, 1153; John Horst
mar.n. 12S4.
The members of the San Francisco Tur
ners' Schuetzen Club made the following
scores:
W. J. Ftraut, 1?6; J. Utschis. 4 l 3O; H. Enre,
423; G. Nammeyer, 423: A. Utschlff. 600; Cap
tain Attuifrrr. 7S1: O. Baumeister. 810; C. Sax
horn S23: W. Nolden. 1391; K. Schumpf, 1547;
K. Kiatz. l?S7.
The drum corps of the club made scores as
follows: . G. Krueckl, 1S7; 13. Jonas, 277; W.
Etraub, 121L
In the Scheutzen section of the Vereln
Elntracht of San Francisco the bullseye
shoot resulted as follows:
K. Riemenschnelder, 227: O. Ludewig, 257; F.
Kuhls. 309; A. Wetner, 276: J. Zahn. 673; C.
Schroeder. C32; O. Thiele. 8C0; R. Stettin. 1317:
E. JTeeson, 14G1: J. Younp. 1515; C. Ouer. 1565:
L. Schmidt. IMS: II. Schroexler, 2010: H. Swel
rer. 2240; C. Miller. r35«: C. von Hartwlgr. 2423.
E. Rlemenschneider carried of the honors.
In the bullseye and medal shooting in
the San Francisco Grutli shooting section
the competitors ranked as follows:
Joseph F"urrer. F. BaumRarten. Al Gehret.
H. Slmmen. G. R. Hauser, A, von Et-11.
Charles Gut, L. Hauser.
The scores in the medal shooting we*e
as follow:
Chnmpioa class— F. Baamrarten.' 412. First
Yesterday's Shooting Scores.
In the Handball Court.
The handball matches played yesterday
at Phil Ryan's court, Howard street, re
sulted as follows:
J. Rpooner and C.Lakln 21 21 19
C. Smith and J. Colman u 20 21
W. Hersey and P. Munze 21 21 21
E. Thiebaut and D. CVMalley 10 8 11
J. MOJamara and J. Welch 21 is 21
W. Cummlngs and S. Oarvey 13 21 10
O. McDonald and M. McDonald 21 21 "l
M. McNeil and P. McKinnon 13 13 '9
G. B. Hayward and P. Ryan 16 21 21
W. Hassell and W. H. Kedian 21 14 20
A. McVlcker and T. Leach 21 17 21
J. Condon and T. Foley n 21 15
French game— J. Erramuspe. B. Maltfr P
Ithurbodron. 75 acres; J. Etchcbauen, S. ' Ze
laleta, N. Semper, 25 acres.
K "White and T. Serres.. 21 21 21
W. Johnson and J. Killlan 15 10 13
Joe Collinn and R. Murphy 21 21 21
J. White and J. Riordon 20 17 is
A. Tobin and C. Mitchell 21 21 21
G. Green and C. Lakin 16 17 20
The regular shoot of the Columbia Pis
tol and Rifle Club, open to all comers, was
held yesterday at Harbor View range. The
shooting resulted as follov.'s:
Columbia target, offhand shooting, rifle 200
yardc— A. B. Dorrell C5, C2, 70; E. Hovey 67.
E4: F. O. Youns S3.
Military rifle, Creedmoor count — Captain
Kuhnle 42, 42, 42; record score, E. A. Allen
Pistol, fifty yards— F. O. Young 44, 43, 46 49
SI. 51. 5!t. 59: P. Becker 54, 13, 67, C9 CG; Dr j'.
F. Twist 70. S3. S7. 96.
Twist revolver medal, fifty yards — F O
Young SI. 5S, 62, 63, 63; P. Decker 69 30- Dr"
Twist 122. '
Twenty-two and 23 caliber rifles, fifty yards—
A. B. DorreH 20. 23, 23, 23, 29; Captain Fred
Kuhnle 21. 22. 24, 27: Dr. J. F. Twljt 23 29 30
35: P. Becker 26, 27, 30, 32, 35, 36 28- E A*
Allen 24.
Record scores, fifty yards. 22-callber rifles—
Captain Kuhnle 21. 22 25 25 23 "6 *6 *0-
E. A. Allen 37. 47. 30. 30. ' ' ' " '
Carbines— R. W. Edgren 52, 56.
Pistol— Dr. Twist SO.
Columbia. Club Matches.
CALIFORNIAS WIN FROM
ALAMEDAS AT CRICKET
J. H. Saunders 72 IS t '
K. J. Murphy 21 13 X
Ward Sr 93 23 ••
Croll bowled 1 wide an<V Fortmann 1 wide.
H
Runs at fall ef each wicket— One for 4. two
for 10, three fcr 10, four for 21. five for 21.
six for 23. seven for W, eisht for E6. nine for
57. ten for 6S.
SUMMARY OF BOWUJJO.
Bowler— : • B. R. M. "W.
A. Dickenson 8*5 23 8 4
W. H. Howard 91 21 4 5
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB.
E. G. Sloman, b. Fortmann 11
A. Dlckenscn. c. Hoguc. b. Saundors 20
J. Guil'i. run out 42
"W. Reeves, run out :>
"W. II. Howard, b. Fnrtmann t
A. t>. Reynolds, c. i Troll, b. Ward Jr 44
H. Roberts, b. Saunders J •
L. Schroder c. Baugh. b. Croll. ...* 16
A. S. V.'lllis, c. Seeback. b. Saunders 4
W. Reed, run out 1
G. Schrcxvler, not out 12
"Wides :, byea 8 l!)
1<8
Runs at fall of each wicket— One far J5. two
for 36. three for 40, four for 40. five for 1>\
nix for 154. seven for 134, eight for 13? nine for
139, ten for 163.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— b R M.
Ward Jr 97 5.-,' J 1
F. Croll ; si nil
W. G. Fortmann 30 13 • i
R. B. Hogne. b. TMckenson t
J. H. Paunders. c. "Willis, b. Howard -4
J. J. Mortarty. b. Pickenson 2
F. J. Croll. c. Reed. b. Dickenson 0
H. Ward Jr.. c. Reeves, b. Howard 8
V. Peeheck. not out 14
O. J. r.Riisrh. run out J
XV. G. Fortmann, c. Dickenson. b. Howard... 11
H. Ward Sr.. c. Guild, b. Howard 2
E. J. Mur?hy, b. Dickenson 0
W. RJchter, b. Howard 0
Lee bye 1. byes 11 13
Last Tear's Champions Victors by a
Margin of More Than One
Hundred Runs.
The glorious uncertainty of cricket 'was
clearly exemplified yesterday when tho
AJameda team, which on paper seemed
a certain winner, was beaten by the Cali
fornia eleven on the Alameda grounds by
the ample margin of 110 runs. The Ala
meda men went to bat first, but none oC
them made any stand against the bowl
ing of Howard and Dickinson, the former
of whom took five wickets, and the latter
four. V. Seebeck. not out. 14, and "W. G.
Fortman. 11. were the only batsmen who
scored double figures. R. B. Houjre. J. J.
Moriarty and G. J. Baugh, usually to be
relied on for good scores, not compiling:
ten among them. Less than two hundred
balls served to dismiss the whoie side.
Dickenson and Howard bowling without
change throughout the innings.
When the Callfornias went to the wick
ets E. G. Sloman and A. Dickenson face^
the bowling of Harold "Ward and F. Croll,
36 runs being put on for the first wicket.
The second wicket fell without ralsinj?
the total and the third and fourth wero
captured for 40. J. Guild and A. E>. Rey
nolds then made a flne stand, so that th«
fifth wicket did not fall until 126 runs had
been compiled. J. Guild scoring 42 and A.
D. Reynolds 44 runs. Six Alameda bowl
ers were tried, the most successful belncr
Saunders, who took three ¦wickets for 2S
runs. \V. G. Fortmann captured 3 for 13
runs. The full scores are given herewith:
ALAMEDA CTUCKET CLUB.
Chair-picn ftaltc— J. H. Hcsseter s Hural
Artlet beat rtuF*ell. Allen & Wilson'* Chl
ca*ro Tier. C-0: Sterl &. Knowles' For Olory
brat U. K. Malcolm's Fine Kire. 10-7; G. Whit
ney's Thercn beat J. H. I'.osseter's Recording
Aripel. 11-7: Curtis & Son's Beacon beat C. W.
Helnti'i Herpch€!"B Pride. I'M; Curtis & Son's
Narcissus best J. R. Smith's Fylvanus. 4-3:
E. G^arj-'n I*alo Alto beat F. A. MeComb's
Royal Flush, 4-3: Curtis & S/>n'6 Luxor beat
II. E- de B. Lopez's Whitehead. 5-0; P. J.
neilly'» Warship beat R. L. Taylor'* Hose, 6-4.
Recond rour.d— For Glory beat Rural ArtUt,
e-O: IJeacon beat Therein. 17-S: Palo Alto be«t
2taxci£«;£. 6-2; Loxur beat IVarsblp, *-i.
The day's courslnc was one of the fin
est ever held in California. It was free
from any unpleasant incident and was
vrltnesred by an unusually larpe attend
anc*. Judpe John Grace's official scores,
showing the margin by which each course
was run, are as follows;
The most course of the day
was the deciding one in the reserve stake.
The unlucky Iirutus met Greenhall. A
great shout went up from the spectators
as Jirutu? was seen to lead by ten
lengths. He scored the firpt live points
end looked all over a Winer. Greenhall
then gained possession and worked the
hare tor some time. The hare finally
•scaped, at which time Greenhall hail
fcore-d twelve points to Brutus' six. As
the har<" escaped a fresh one started up
frcm under the tired dogs' feet. She took
them acrefs the field and then (iibued a
battle royal. Three extra, greyhounds
ncie released and joined in the exciting
cha5e. They finally overtook the hare
and killed iL
Stprl & Knowlcs* diminutive grey
hound. For Glory, was the surprise of the
Ftake. She defeated the imported dog
Fine Fire aficr the latter led her. Sh«
then shut out Rural Artirt pointless and
did not retire until she- met Beacon. She
Jed the bis dog 1 f-jr a time, but he proveil
too much for her.
There was link- delay at the slips. The
course was sharp *md decisive. Palo Alto
led the tiue dog by three lengths and
secured the lirft and second turns. Bea
con then scored a turn, placing I'alo Aito
Jcr another, the last point he scored. Bea
con then drove in and killed. Mr. Cur
tis Is anxious tor a f^pecial match between
the victor and vanquished and one may be
arranged. There is also talk of a tour
cornered wcoj)stake. It is the opinion
of coursir.g men that Palo Alto will be a
harder deg to beat each week lor some
time to corn**.
Each greyhound had a big following in
the final, although Pa!o Alto was a top
heavy favorite throughout at odds of 2 to
L Palo Alto ar.d his handler, Tommy
Murr.ane, were cheered by the spectators
en their parade i>a>t the stand and down
the field, where Jiimos Grace, the clever
est slipper in America, was awaiting them.
Tommy was comjjeik-d to dorr his cap In
response to the shouting, thus ehowng his
eun-kissed hair to advantage. The bet
tors who dearly love a e hort-ender— when
he Trtns cr has a chance to win — gavt
J4«>?eon an equally corciial welcome.
In his first couree he led Royal Flush
three lengths and scored two turns. Flush
pcor!r.£ one turn ar.d the kill. Palo Alto
next met Narcissus, which he led six
lengths. He r<»peat<*d this in the next
round with Luxor, winner of the John
Grace challenge cup. leading him a city
block, faft as he is.
Euprre Gravy's yovsg greyhound. Palo
Alto, went dying through the Ladies' Day
champion stake yesterday at Union Cours
ing Park. As WBM generally expected, he
met Curtis &. Sun's speediest greyhound.
Beacon, in the deciding course for the In
terstate Coursing Club's classic event.
After ihe- drawing for positions it was
thought Palo Alto was in a more diffi
cult position on the card than Beacon, but
the chances of coursing reversed the or
der of affairs. Beacon had unusually se
vcre courses with Thtron and with Glory,
VfcSa Palo AKo r.as fortunate in getting
comparatively short runs.
Wins Ladies' Day Champion
Stake in Dashing
Style.
PALO ALTO IS
GROWNED KING
OF GREYHOUNDS
Fourth round— Lexington beat Pleasant Girl
<;?: Ever Shore beat Master Davenport. 14-7-
Miss Penman beat Palmflower. 7-3: Lily of the
Third round-Pleasant Girl beat Bohe 4-3-
Lexington beat Hawker. 4-1: Master Daven
port beat Kid McCoy. 10-S: Ever Shore heat
Kittlemsn 0-2: Palmfloxver b*at Master^ uTw
rence. 12-1; Miss Penman beat Night Time
M! : 1 . y . of v the West b * at Admlra SampSS"
6-0; Oriole beat Gold Hill. 7-5: Belle Claire
wflsonf > 7-5) ander ' 7 "*' BcnlcIa Bo* beat Mi£
Open stake: Second round— J. H Perteo's
Bohc beat E. M. KelloBe'a Iowa Boy. 43- D
Toland's Pleasant Girl beat J. Caveney's" Ju
liet, 9-5; Kay Bros." Hawker boat T Tur
iify's Tea Rose. 3-2; H. Lynch'a Lexington
beat Lmvp & Thompson's Cora Pearl 4-0- E
M. Kellcfrg's Kid McCoy beat Russell, Allen
& Wilsons Wedding Bells. 12-4; Captain Cane's
Master Davenport beat A. Johnson's Tod
Ploan, 4-2; J. Morlarity's Kittleman beat F
Passon's Merry Maiden. lS-g; j. Kennedy's
Ever Shore beat J. Sutton's Glen Anne. 6-0-
J. Potter's Palmfl-ower beat P. Dingle's Cash
In. 14-0; J. Sutton's Master Lawrence beat A
Van den Burgh's Naughty Girl. 4-2; Captain
Cane's Miss Penman beat T. J Cronln>
Thornhlil, 6-3; M. J. Kelly's Xight Tim™ b£i?
n. F. Jackson's Krag-Jorgenson, 6-5- F D
Fallon'a Lily of the West beat J. ' RocVs
Minerva 10-1; J. McEnroe's Admiral Sampson
beat E. M. KelloRg-s Hummer. 9-Z; J Setr-or
eon's Gold Hill beat J. W. Woods' Cliff Wil
son, 4-0; W. Delancy** Orinte beat J Pot
ter's Homulu3. — ; A. Johnson's Lowlander beat
Maher & Reid's Singleton. 3-0; nussell AUen
& Wilson's Belle Claire beat H. E Monahan'a
Tar o- Hill. 3-0; Russell. Allen « Twuscn'*
Miss Wilson beat H. Lynch' s Emma M 8-1*
TwlUghfjr. C B 0 enlCla B ° y bCat D ' Tol ' and '»
The race between Lily of the "West and
Oriole in the third round furnished quite
a little fun and excitement. Lily, who wa3
a 15 to 1 favorite, was very slow from
the slips, in fact seemed unsighted. Oriole
went after the game like a shot, leaving
her opponent almost at a standstill. Tho
pikers, seeing easy money in sight, yelled
lustily, while the talent seemed dura
founded. Fallon's hound, however, soon
joined in and then there was nothing to
it. A heavy sigh of relief came from the
big bettors when the red flag went uo
Oriole was beaten pointless.
Following are the day's rosults with
Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores:
The talent made Hummer a false favor
ite against Admiral Sampson in the sec
ond round. The Admiral put up a good
race and won it on merit, as the score
shows.
Tea Rose, another favorite, was beaten
in a short go with Hawker, who scored
for speed and the turn. Tea Rose got
the kill. Kittleman, for what work he
did, showed himself a good one, but was
unlucky enough to get a rough course,
which told severely against him.
The runner up was fortunate In get
ting short runs and easy game while the
winner was put to severe tests through
out the stake. In the fifth round Miss
Penman was forced to extend herself with
Lily of the West, and after an unde
cided beat that fleet runner in a long
course by a score of 10 to 6.
The talent figured that Miss Penman's
chances were slim, considering her hard
work, but she had a race left in her and
evened old scores with her recent op
ponent.
Bohe was unfortunate in the go with
Pleasant Girl in the third round. The
latter hound won the course on what wa»
very much of a fluke, the hare favoring
her clear through. Bohe sold favorite
at 5 to 2.
Miss Penman, Captain Cane's clever lit
tle white and brindle flier, took first
money in -the open stake at Ingleside
Coursing Park yesterday by beating Lex
ington in the deciding: round in a fast
race. Two weeks ago the dogrs opposed
each other for final honors though on re
versed conditions. Lexington then selling
on the short end at 1 to 3, got the de
cision, but as a favorite at 5 to 4 yes
terday had to be content with second
place.
Beats Lexington and Evens
Up Scores on a Former
Defeat.
MISS PENMAN BY
FAST WORK WINS
ANOTHER STAKE
Deciding course— Captain Cane's Greenhall
(St. Lawrence-Queen B) beat J. P. Thrift's
LJrutus fPretender-Ladv Pembroke^, 12-6.
Fourth round— Greenhall beat King's Bor
derer. 9-3: Master Clair beat Risky Attempt,
4-1: Hot Hacte beat Random Aim, 6-2; Brutus
beat Wi'.rf Norah. 3-0.
Fifth round— Greenhall beat Master Clair, 6-1;
Bratm beat Hot Haste, 6-0.
Thirl round— King's Borderer beat States
man, 6-5; Gm>nhnll beat Blackhawk. 8-2; Mas
ter Clair b^at The Grafter. 4-3: Risky At
tempt lv»at Rnelt Island Kinp. lo-S: Hot Haste
beat Flying Fox. E-l ; Random Aim beat
Plouphboy, S-l; Brutus beat Anchor, 6-5; Wild
Norah beat Erin. 5-4.
Sernnd rour.d— King's Borderer beat O'Hara,
4-2: Statesman beat Ben Lomond. 3-1; Green
hall beat Friteful. 6-0; Blackhawk beat Bet
sey Harrow, fi-2; The Grafter beat Slim. S-0;
Master Ciair beat Royal Union. 5-1: Risky At
tempt heat I^ear King, 4-3: Rock Island Klnff
brat Nellie Bairn, S-4; Flying Fox beat Log
Boy. M: Hot Haste beat Lundin Links. 10-4;
Ploughhoy heat St. Michael. 7-6: Random Aim
boat Pi:-quoc. S-6: Brutus beat Lawrence. 4-2:
Erin Ix-at Maud S. 5-2; Anchor beat Storm
Kinff, 5-E; Wild Norah beat Candelaria, 3-2.
Reserve Ftake — Sterl & Knowles" O'llara beat
J. R. £mith'£ Jennie "".Vlleon. C-0: F. Sehou's
King's J*.->rderer beat J. Byrnes' Eleven Hpot.
11-5: Parkinson & Murphy's Ben Lorrmnd brat
Curtis ic Son's Shadow. 11-7: J. I. OBrien's
Statesman beat T. Wan's Ml?s Grizzle, 4-0;
Rusyell, Allen & Wilson's Spiteful beat Cur
tis 6z Son's Old niory. 8-1; Captain Canes
Gretnhall bent Pasha Kennels" Rude Awaken
ing. 7-0: J. McNeil's Blackhawk r*-at P. Mc-
Cabo's Boney Br.y, 3-1: Battels Bros." Betsy
Barrow l»r-at Pa.«ha Kennels' Metallic. 4-1: J.
Mar-tenet's Slim beat J. .1. Kenney's Fortunate
Chrice. r.:-0: P. I. Reilly's The Grafter beat
J. J. Kenrey's Winning Lassie. 5-0: Russell,
Allen & WUeon'a Master Clair beat T. J. Cro
r.ln-s WIM Tralee, 2-1; P. J. Reilly's Hoyal
Union beat Lande & Gerber's Rienzi. 4-0; P.
Cronin's I^ear King beat Condrey & Rought's
Royal Lady. 4-0: I). Winder's Risky Attempt
boat J. K. Chnmbiir* Hot Foot, 12-6: G. Aber
cromWe's Rock Island Kins beat J. M-irlarlty's
Jlmmie Anthony. 6-1; Maher & Reid's Nellie
Bawn bert S. Handy'? Lady Hugo, 2-0: Con
n»!l Bros." Log Boy beat H. A. Deckelman's
Snapshot. 4-2: Curtis & Son's Flying Fox beat
J. Iran's Gallant. S-l: D. Winder's Lundln
Links beat .T. I'. Thrift" s Forfret. 7-1; J. J. Ken
r.ey's Hct Haste beat J. Hurley's Hurricane,
6-0; J. V. Thrift's St. Michael beat R. E. de
B. Lopez's Sara. 4-0: P. J. Reilly's Plousrhboy
»«eat J. Keenan's Mira Monte. 20-0; J. Dean's
Slsqunc beat Bartels Bros.' Beer Brewer. 6-2:
I>. Winder's Random Aim beat Pa«ha Kennels'
Gold NuRget. 5-4: J. P. Thrifts Brutus beat
W. C. Gla-son's Santonin, 6-0; H. A. Deckel
man's Lawrence beat Pasha Kennels' May
Heinpstead. 3-1; Curtis & Son's Maud S beat
J. O'Dowd's Ehootover, 13-S; Curtis & Skin's
Anchor beat Aeneld Kennels' Agamemnon, 5-2;
M. Dunlea's Erin beat F. A. McCnmb's One
Spot. 2-0; F. A. McComb's Storm King a b>>.
Crawford Rex withdrawn: C. W. Bonne.r's Wild
Norah beat Sterl £ Knowles' Sieety Mist,
7-5; Curtis & Son's Candelaria beat Sterl &
Knowles' Rusty Gold. 5-0.
Third pound— Beacon beat For Glory. 6-2:
Palo Alto beat Luxor. 6-2.
Deciding course — Eugene Geary'" Palo Alto
fEmin Pasha-Bonnie Lass) b.?at Curtis &. Son's
Beacon <Skyrock«-t-Buenretiro>. 5-3.
a he scores will be shot off at the next
regular meeting. The Blue Rock Club is
now permanently located at its new
grounds just above Fairfax station. Reg
ular monthly shoots will contlne to be
held.
The San Rafael Blue Rock Club held
Its regular monthly shoot at Fairfax yes
terday. Henry Schlueter carried off first
honors, breaking 19 out of 20 disks. Rob
ert Graham and Thomas Fallon tied on a
score of 1C out of 20. William Robertson,
E. J. Connell. Fred Carroll. William Tay
lor and M. F. Cochrane tied on scores
of 15.
claps— G. R. Hauser. 331. Second class— H. Slm
menp, 3£7. Third class— Joseph Fuirer, 312.
First beFt shot— F. Baumgarten, 24. Last best
Eliot— G. R. Haueer. 25.
There was an undercurrent of gossip at
the park yesterday that Judge Murasky
would render to-day his long expected de
cision in the proceedings instituted by In
gleside Coursing Club tr> restrain the Chief
of Police from interfering with the sport.
The park has been operated many months
under this restraining order.
Final — Miss Penman beat Lexington, 7-5.
Fifth round — Lexington a bye: Miss Penman
beat Lily of the West. 10-6: Belle Claire a bye.
. Sixth round— Lexington beat Belle Claire,
6-4: Miss Penman a bj-e.
Runs responsible for— Doyle 5, Iburg 7. Home
run— Hanlon. Three-base hit— Sullivan. Two
hase hits— Hanlon. McLaughlin (2). Pabst.
First bas* on erors— Sacramento 1. San Fran
cisco 4. First base on called balls — Sacramento
2 Kan Francisco 2. Left on bases — Sacra
mento 7, San Francisco 4. Struck out— By
Doyle 4, by Ibur? 2. Hit by pltchor-Hllde
bra'nd, Reitz, Stanley, McLaughlln. Double
plays—Eaean to Stulz tr» Hanlon; Eagan to
Hanlon. Time of Rame— Two hours. Umpire —
Donohue. Scorer — Griffin.
SUMMARY.
Sacramento 0 20800400-9
Base hits 02040131 1-12
San Francisco 3 0 10 2 0 0 2 0-8
Base hits 20102013 1—10
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. c. f 5 110 3 0 0
Hildebrand. r. f.... 4- 3 11110
Schwartz, 2b 4 1 1 0 2 1 0
Sullivan, c 5 13 0 7 0 1
Pabst, lb 4 0 10 4 0©
Reltz, s. s.J 3 110 13 1
Kru* 1. f 4 1 10 6-0 0
neilly, 3b 4 0 10 3 2 0
Iburg. p * 0 0 0 0 0 J)
Totals ...A 37 8 10 1 27 7 2
•Schwartz out for not touching third base.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Totals 30 9 12 2 »"6 14 6
SAN FRANCISCO.
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlln. 1. f.... 4 1 2 0 2 0 1
Devereaux. 3b 4 1 1 1 0 1 2
Ea&an. s. s 5O .'°2?£1
Hu(?h»« r. f 4 2 10 10 0
Hanlon lb 5 3 4 1 10 0 0
Btanley, c 4 0 10 4X1
Dovle p 5 0 0 0 0 2 0
ihanahan. c. f 4 1 2 0 3 0 0
Stulz, 2b 4 110 4 5 1
SACRAMENTO. June 17.— Sacramento
turned the tables on San Francisco to
day. Iburg's support was superb, but that
given Doyle was ragged. Score:
Sacramento Wins by Ona Run.
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Beville 2. Babbitt 4.
Three-ba?e hits— Franeks. P.abbltt. Two-base
hits— ManKerina, BevHle, Lunge. Arrellanes,
Pace Sacrifice hit— Morrow. First base on
errors— Oakland 3. First base on called balls-
Oakland 3. Stockton 2. I-eft on basrs— Oakland
4 Stockton 5. Struck out— Uy Beville 4. by
Babbitt 3. WIM pitch— Babbitt. Time of game
—One hour and 45 minutes. Umpire— Uraves.
Official Bcorer-H. S. McFarlln.
Stockton 0 01 0 0 0 0 0 1- J
Base hits 0 0310000 2-6
Oakland 0 0 10 0 0 6 1 •— 8
Base hits 0 12 10 13 2 »-10
Totals 31 2 r, 3 24 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Ptrelb. lb 4 0 1 1 8 0 0
Babbitt, p 4 1 C 0 0 1 0
Lockhead. s. s 4 0 n 0 2 2 1
Pace, c 4 0 3 14 3 0
McCarthy. 1. 1 4 0 1 1 0 0 0
Moore. 3 b 3 0 0 0 4 2 2
Courtney, 2 b 4 110 5 3 0
Morrow, c. f 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Whelan, r. I 2 0 0 0 110
STOCKTON
;
THE new Frawley Company <>pens at
the Grand Opera House on July 2
for a season of twelve weeks. The
event will be a notable oi;e In Han
Francisco theatricals, for the loading peo
ple are to be Ada Rehan and Wilton
Lackaye. Both are more or less known
here, but San Francisco has never had a
better opportunity of judging thejn In va-
A supporting company of exceptional
strength is promised and each play will
be mounted with a lavish attention to
scenery and properties. For the produc-
rious roles. Their previous engagements <
here have only been with "one piece"
companies. Under the Frawley manage- 4
ment a repertoire of the best recent plays «
will be given. '
THE STAR AND HEB LEADING MAN.
Totals S3 8 10 1 27 13 0
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. c. f 4 1 0 0 0 0 0
Lanjje. 3 b 3 12 0 0 3 0
Hutchinson. 1 b 4 0 1 0 10 1 0
Mcaklman. 1. f 4 0 1 11 1 0
Franck*. s. s 4 2 2 0 6 4 0
Dunleavy. r. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Arrellanes, 2 b 3 110 2 2 0
Maneerina, c. 3 1 ' 1 0 5 1 0
Beville, p 4 2 2 0 1,1 0
OAKLAND.
The Dudes played an errorless game.
Both infield and outfield gave Bevillo per
fect support from start to finish. The
Bcore: ,• •.
Oakland hit Babbitt all through the
game, linding him with ease from tho sec
ond to the eighth inning, while Stockton
did not succeed in punishing Beville to
any great extent. In the third and ninth
innings the millers got to him for a
couple of bunches, but they netted in the
agcregate only two runs.
A couple of errors, Babbitt's unsteadi
ness and three hits won the game for
the Brummels.
One inning told the story of the game
in the morning on the Oakland grounds
and this inning was at the far end of the
game. Up to the seventh the game was
as pretty an exhibition of baseball as
any one would care to see. Then the Dudea
bristled up and did a few things to Bab
bitt's delivery. Before the side was re
tired the entire Oakland nine had been to
the bat and six of them scored.
Oakland 8, Stockton 2.
MORNING GAME.
An. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Strclb. 1 b... 5 1 1 1 14 0 0
Babbitt. 2 b 3 2 1116 0
Lockhead. 8. 8 5 0 10 0 1 1
Pace, c 5 2 3 16 0 0
McCarthy. 1. f 3 1 10 1 0 0
Moore, 3 b 4 0 1 13 4 0
Courtney, c. f 2 1 1 0 1 0 0
Morrow, r. f 4 1 1 0 1 0 1
Harper, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals 3« 8 10 4 27 12 2
OAKLAND.
AB. It. EH. SB. TO. A. t
Brennan. e. f 4 0 1 1 5 0 1
I.an&c, 3 b 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
Hutchinsnn. 1 b 3 0 0 0 8 0 0
Moskiman. 1. f 4 10 0 4 0 0
Francks, s. s 4 0 0 0 2 4 0
Dunleavy. r. f 4 00 0 0 1 0
Arrellanes. 2 b 3 0 13 3 2 0
Mnnjrenna, c 3 0 0 0 2 2 0
StcfTanl, p 2 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 31 12 4 27 12 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 1 00100600—8
BaFe hits 1 1110 0 5 0 1—10
Oakland 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 0—1
Ease hits 1 00000100—2
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Stcff.ini 8. Two-base
hits— Pace, Arrellanes. Babbitt. Sacrifice hits
— Harper. Babbitt. First base on errors — Stock
ton 1. Oakland 2. First base on called balls-
Stockton 4. Oakland S. Left on bases — Stockton
4, Oakland 6. Struck out— By Harper 4, by
Steffani 2. Time of game — One hour and 50
minutes. Umpire— Grave3. Official scorer— J.
W. Starleton. •
The seventh ended the game as far ca
tho result was concerned Courtney
walked find a safe bunt of Morrow sent
him to second. Harper sacrificed, advanc
ing: toth ir.cn a base and a hit by Streib
to Arrelkir.es scored Courtney. Eabbltt
tben hit to Moskiman, who failed to
hold the ball and Morrow scored. Lock
heed flow to Drennan and Streib scored
on the thrcw-in. Then followed more hits
by Pace, which scored Dabbitt. and b-'
McCarthy, who scored Pace. Moore rolled
out the ball for a hit and McCarthy
scored. The score:
STOCKTON'. ,
It all started when "Ax-in-the-head"
Pace scraped Lange's shin bone early in
the game and all the Stockton rootera let
loose on Lange. The chief noiay one oaid
something to "whiskers" which the latter
did not like, so . "whiskers" wanted to
mount the stand and destroy him, voice
and all. This stopped the game for a tim*
and in the succeeding: inning 1 , the seventh,
Umpire Graves fanned tho natural oil
:.an-es of tne Stccktoniar.a oy a couple of
cad-wick decisions. No other than Face
was canect out at first and immediately
a bunch or Qtcciuoniaiis crowded the field,
jr'eace was restored by a wave of Har
per's fi3t, but only for a minute. Mc-
Carthy, the next man up, put tho ball
over third, tut Graves said It was ft foul.
Stockton ire could have been bought for
nothing at this aiage. Alter another wait
ar.d much sharp talk by eighteen players
and an umpire with a chorus from tho
grimd-starid the game finally went on.
Then Stockton made n\x rune in a singlo
ir.iUiit' and there v.as ail kinds of Joy and
sorrow, according to predilection.
The game, but lor one inning, was ex
cellent, both pitchere twirllnsr in flne style,
harper was nivlnciblo yesu-rtiay ar.d hla
work ron the gnma lor fciiocKron, whicn
means c. hold 0:1 second place for a time.
Stockton started t!ie Jirst inning with
a run. Streib hud pone to the deaa when
jJabbiU wan g;ven the flrei Bftck on four
tad ones. LlKlr.jr Hie lniddlo station, ho
took it oh a silfle, and scored on a pretty
single from Lockheads bat to left field.
That was all that was dono in this in
ninp.
Not until tho fourth did anything hap
pen. Then Pace swatted a hard one to
jOur.lccvy and made two bags on it. On
McCarthy's out he went to third and
scored on the throw in of Moore's fly to
rilcskiman.
The fourth put Oakland on the boards.
Meekiman hit a hot grounder over sec
cr.d. which Loclchcad ended by a phenom
enal stop, but he threw wildly and Moski
man was safe at second. On Dunlcavv's
cut he went to third and scored on Ar
rel'&nc'fl hit to right which Morrow could !
not handle. '
A noisy man escaped from Stockton yes
terday and landed in the grand-stand at
Recreation grounds to see the baseball
game. What he got wap more than his
money's worth, as also did the crowd. For
about ten minutes this , noisy individual
delayed the game, had Fred Lange of the
Dudes looking for an ax. and the crowd
in the stands vocalizing in groans and
hisses.
Stockton 8, Oakland 1.
Elides Are Victors in the Morning,
but the Slough City Men
Get the Majority of
the Series. y
All Kinds of Excitement on
Tap Before Stockton
Wins Out.
NOISY MAN AT
BASEBALL GAME
CAUSES TROUBLE
They Will Present
Latest Successes
for Approval of
the Playgoers of :
This City and •
Interior Towns. ;
? <
MEN'RT" JITLLER and several mem
bers of his company arrived in this
city yesterday, but will leave again
this morning 1 to fill engagements
ct Siin Jose, Fresno a,rd Los Angeles prior
to the opening 1 of the season on Monday,
Jur.c ~>. at the Columbia Theater in this
city. Amors those who arrived yester
day in company with the Ftar were Mar
pr.rct Anglin. Manraret Dale. Mrs. Thos.
Whiff en. Lillian Thurgate. Millie Day.
Grace LHHston. "William Courter.ay, John
Christie. Frank II L?.mb, John Findlay,
Carte Brown. Harry Spear. Frank Worth-
Ins 1 arrived on an earlier train, having
coir:*-" direct from Xpw York in order to
join the company here for the opening
performance of "MIfs Hobb?." Other
members of the company, among them be
ing- the veteran actor, Charles "VValcot.
vrt'A arrive later In the week.
In speaklr.gr of the coming season Mr.
2iQler expressed Ftror.gr confidence that
It will prove even more brilliant than th»
cne so euccesefully carried out last year.
He proposes to positively make a change
HENRY MILLER AND A FEW
OF HIS COMPANY IN TOWN
tion of "Ben Hur." which enjoys* ta
unprecedented run at the Academy of Ma
sic in New York, the original revolving
track for the chariot race in the fourth
act -will be used. The immense stag? of
the Grand will be eminently fitted tor th'.a
production, calling as it does for "seta"
and "built up" mechanical scenes imprac
ticable to present on a smaller !«pace.
The "Children. of the Ghetto." ZangrwtU's
play is also promised, with Lackaye in
his original creation of the Rabbi, his
powerful rendition of which character
saved the play from disaster in New fork.
Lackaye will also repeat his performance
of Svengali. the part which first brought
him into prominence.
"The Great Ruby." the success of the
last 2ieyf York season and In which Ada
Rehan scored a big- success, will also be
presented. This play, while relying large
ly upon its mechanical effects, does not
entirely depend upon them, possessing la
lines and situations much of merit.
Season of Twelve
Weeks of Notable
Dramatic Art for
the Patrons of
the Grand Opera
House.
ADA REHAN AND LACKAYE
WILL HEAD THE FRAWLEYS
THE SAN FRANCISCO OAIiii, STOtfDAY, JUNE 1 8, 1900.
6
of bill each v.eek and therefore the var
ious plays of the repertoire will be lim
ited to six evening: and Wednesday and
Saturday matinee presentations.
The list of plays for the season, as an
nounced, calls for the staging 1 of some
fine novelties. In addition to the great
favorites of last season. The first play is
to be Jerome K. Jerome's comedv success.
"Mi«E Hobbs," and it Is to bo followed 'oy
Carton's original play, "The Tree of
Knowledge." the east of which will in
clude the names of two people as yet un
mentionod. These plays will be followed
by "Heartsease." "HLs Excellency, ?he
Governor." "A Marriage of Convenience."
'•The Liars*." "Brother Officers," "The
Onlv Wav."
THE STAR AND HIS LEADING LADY.HUNGARIANS' PICNIC.
BED BEANCH K2JTGHTS PICNIC.
They Celebrate Their Eighth Annua.1
Outirsjj at San Jose.
The- Krifghts of the Red Branch Rifles
Five their eighth annual picnic and ex
< ursion yesterday to Agricultural Park.
Ean Jose. A large and orderly crowd was
in attendance and passt-d a pleasant day
In dancing and competing for prizes in
the numerous games and races. One of
tbt features cf the day tva* a £a;ae o»
Boy Stabbed by Japanese.
Walter Sncllir.g. a bellboy at the Hotel
Stewart, while standing at the corner of
Mason and Ellis streets at an early hour
this morning was assaulted by two
drunken Japanese, one of whom stabbed
him In the back three times with a larRe
knife. A crowd soon collected and gave
the Japs a severe beating before the of
ficers arrived. Both men were placed un
der arrest and a charge of assault to mur
der was registered against one and bat
tery against the other. Snelling waa
taken to the Receiving Hospital.
Cloakmakers' Union Picnic.
The first annual picnic of the Cloakmak
ers' Union of San Francisco was he;u at
Kfliuetzcu l'ark ycsterdity. The cloaic
makers save little evidence or the labor
troubles which have agitated them in San
Francisco. They were all out for a ejo«Ii
time and the way they danced and made
merry proved that ihay were having it
About u thousand of the knights of the
Hheurs attended the picnic. The commit
tees in charge were as follows:
Arrangements. .1. OooOman; reception— I
I>e\vls. A. JiPiiol. A. StofT. J. Malling^r- CIJ t^_l
M. <3.v.dman. il. Herman. William Lenn^feit
J. Cohen: grnuiHl— K. y.lmmet. J. Jucobv If
nierenhark. C. Neeb. 11. ltai'hael. M. iJevy"
M. GuMsteln: Hoor-A. Levy. J. Orlesman T
KhaSngfT, li. Cross, h. Schwitnmer.
G.aelic football. The enmmitteps in charge
Tv*-r<? composed of the following gviitle-
ArrnnscxnMits— Lieutenant M. J. Oaul,
chairman: John Oaney. sf-oretary: 3: J.
i'anifro M Cagey, \\*. Murphy. M. »Ios
«ion O" 15- ncilly. B. lO-ville. J. B. Walsh.
p. j. Kenny, J. H. Kelly.
Reception— J"lm Doyle, chairman; Thos.
Desmond. J. H. Crcpan. A. McCabe. J.
McKegticy. M. Nlhlll. M. Ryan. M. O Neill.
M Conkl**}'. J. Horns. M. J. Connolly.
J jioor-Captain T. J. Mollott. floor di
rector: Lfeuternnt D. RuiwMl. assistant
floor rtiroetnr: W. P. Hannon. C. J. Col
lins J S Mullin. John Fay. William Col
lins! T. J. Kenrncy. J. K. McArdle.
Gamcf Serpeant James Ptnith. chair
man' Rodper McCarthv. T. O'Connell,
r'orp^ral J. J. RogorEon, P. Brady, P. JIc-
GUncbey. '/
; Zwlllinger rt>eon<\: fat men's rnc»— J. Smith
j won, J. Uoran wind; fat women's rare— Mrs
I Smith won. Mrs. Silverman seeomi. The tug
] <>i-war between the Cloakmukerc' Union and
I tlio 'Lfino-horemeirn Protective A*sociatiun was
I wur: by tin* ilonkmahpr*.
UNION OF ALL CATHOLIC
SOCIETIES IS PLANNED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. June 17.— With a view to
political action, the project which has for
its object the federation of all societies
in the United States composed of Roman
Catholic laymen is being discussed in
Catholic circles throughout the country.
Some Influential clergymen and laymen
are interested.
By this plan all Catholic societies are
to become affiliated, although each separ
ate organization is to retain its individ
uality. The idea Is to have all members
of societies subject to a central direction,
so that they may all work together, when
fever necessary for any special purpose.
It is argued that Roman Catholics in thia
country are unfairly treated in some re
spects. The projectors of the. union hold
that the united Catholic voters would be
nble to right whatever wrongrs are now
declared U> exist. Because of the possi
bility of the projected federation getting
into politics the idea Is opposed in some
quarters. The advocates of the plan deny
that it would have anything to do direct
ly with politics. It is confidently predict
ed 1 hat a great union will be formed and
that it-will comprise Catholic societies of
all nationalities. Bishop McFaul. of Tren
ton. N. .1.. Is a warm supporter of the
project. He has prepared an address on
"The Influence of Catholic Societies," that
Is being circulated extensively in support
of the federation Idea.
MBS. OEXBICES SUES.
Epeci.il Piypatch to The Call
NEWPORT. June 17.— Samuel J. Harri
son, the paintT. who on Friday broujjht
suit w against Hermann Oelrieh:v for JOOOJ.
alleging that Mr. Oelrlchs had assaulted
him, hns now been sued by Mr?. Oelrlchs
on a charge of trespass on her grounds
on the same day, just before the alleged
assault was committed.
The papers in the case brought by Mrs.
Oelrlchs against Harrison were made out
on Saturday, when Harrison, as ho is no
resident and has no prorerty that could
be attached, was served with the writ of
arrest and Is now in Jail awaltlne ball.
The damage in the suit against him is
placed at ?300.
SHAM BATTLE.
SACRAMENTO. June 17.— The First
Battalion of the Second Regiment. N. G.
C.,' consisting of Companies E and G.
Troop jB. cavalry ami the signal corps,
which went to 1'lacervtlle last night by
special train, where It was Joined by Com
pany H, held a very successful tif'd day
to-day.
During the morning tactics Troop i as
sumed the part of the enemy and tootc
to the brush. The other companies as
sumed skirmish formation and captured It
TRAP SHOOTERS HAVE
A DAY AT INGLESIDE
Otto Feudner Beats W. A. Marshall
for Champion Live Bird
Medal.
Gun men displayed their skill yesterday
to a large crowd of spectators at both
shooting grounds at Ingieslde. In the live
rr»#reon shoot under the auspices of the
Olympic Gun Club. Otto Keuduer and W.
A. Marshall contested in a handjeap match
race for the championship medal at twen
ty-five birds. The men tied on twenty
three b;rd. c and on the yhoot-off. miss and
out, Fcudner won on Marshall's miss of
hip fourth b'.rd.
The Lincoln Gun Club hrld Us monh'y
Fhoot at bluerocks. and in conjunction
¦with the Empire, LTnion and San Fran
cisco gun clubf. brought eff a team shoot.
in which the latter club made the high
est score. Following are the scores:
Olyrojiie G'jn Olub for live-biri championship
r eU*l: Cm to ?>udn<r. twenty-four birds at
thirty :ard»— :5i23ii2inirnr:i::ir:—^ w. a.
fclATBbaU, twenty-five birds at twenty-eipht
>ard*-:-'.;:'.-:- ::-2:n:::2'i^::-^. Sh->ct off,
n.>s an<! r.ut: Feudner-^I: Mar?=i.a!!-1^0.
Fifteon-b:rd po»jl race. »1 entrance, thr^e
money* CJcmr Voter. U: «>bb. li: lirunF, 14;
1'. F'udn»r. I*: li«l .Srhalu. 14. HaiftlU. 13;
Golcber. II; Nau:nan. 1Z; Jlauer. 12: Mi.-o.t?han.
12; Jcr.^. II: 'V.w.n. II: gfclelds, 19; LaMotte.
10: Ottc Feudner. 10; Cuneo. 5.
Lincoln Mun Oub. monthly thnrt. tw^nty-fiv*
t,; r! j s _I-;<1,;.ir Povter. 2i: Naumtn, rs — 21— ti:
Webh. I«;'*rtto iVudnfr. 22— *>: Bs-kc-art. 21— :o:
Kerriscn. 2u; Uan-t. *•; frfee, U: UugTie i-\«
twVlT; Daniel?. IS; Cuneo. 16-11; Bowea. 15-13;
Lewis, C. . ••"¦*
fcan Kranci^ro Oun C!ub-F. Feudncr. W:
JI.-iRht. »: Nnuman. IS: E. L. 19; M.
' 1. J-Vudner. 25-; £:d.;ar Poster, lfc; Belle-art, li:
Bwecnry, :4: lirun*, i6; Kins. 10; W. J. Col- ,
<;m If; K!eve?a!i!, li: total, 2?!.
Lincoln Oun C)ur>-Haipht. IWj Nauir.ari. 13: ;
V.'.zat IV>tcr. !S; M. O. Fets.inor, W. LJowen.
•' GolrhM'. 1C; liekeart, 1J; W. l'rlc*. li: ;
Rruna U.: Oanicls. 14; iierrieeri. U; i;usen«
Poatrr. 12: total. im.
Cotaa Cun <;iiili — r. Feudr.er. M; FMcktJiger.
XS; McCutchan. 17; Ivcrson. 17; Iiickic. 14:.]
Hoyt. IS; Mitchell. 15; Wast. IS; liisjrerstnff. j
!<: .»^v>tte Jr.. IS: Thomae. 12; Peterson. 10; ,
: •• i. ;¦;.
Krrjpire Gun Club — T\>bb. 2^: Durst. 13: D*
t-'-nhsiur. IS; Haucr. 1"; Ho* leu, 1<; I^aMotte.
U; BbiOidM. 1»: AUcti. 12; Fith. U; Aiden, 11;
Ha:!"?, :i; Daird. I: total. I'i.
D. T. Ulmer, Who Has Spent Many
Months in Prospecting, An
nounces a Valuable Find.
Kpeci.-il Dispatch to The Call.
SAN' DIEGO, Juno 17.— D. T. Ulmer.
who has riiade his home h«?re for several
years, but lias frequently been absent on
prospecting expeditions, returned to the
City a few day* ago. He believes he has
nt last found something to reward him
for th«» long search. He claims to have
discovered an Immense letlpo or copper
ore in the eastern part of Riverside
County, and decided to pay nothing 1 about
it until he should have an opportunity to
exploit the whole of it and Me claims"
covert n»r all that he had found.
Ho "lias traced the ledge for several
miles, and filed twenty-two claims, each
GOO by 1500 feet, to cover the whole of Ihe
ilnd. The claims are all in a bunch, about
sixty nines*, northeast of Salton. In the
San Bernardino Mountains: The notices
of filing were posted on April 21 and 22.
when the discovery was first made, and
on May 2S, 23 and 30. aft«;r he had made
a complete survey, of the ground.
MODESTO. June 17. — At Bald Eagle rnnch
this morning Alice English committed suicide
by taking poison. No cause is assigned.
DES MO1NES, Iowa, June 17.— The r»es
Moines Auditorium, used for a convention, and
constructed a year 3ko at a cost of $50,000, was
destroyed by fire to-day.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. June 17.— The bip Union
praln Plev3tor. located hut a few blocks from
the Union dppot, was destroyed by fin? this
afternoon, causing a damage of over JlOO.OtK),
covered by insurance.
REHDIXG, Juno 17. — Ah Sine and How >"ati
two of tho Chinese panK employed in loading
wood cars for the Southern Pacific on the Mc-
Cloud Hi vex Railroad, were run ' over nnd
killed yesterday afternoon.
MONTEREY. June 17.— IX J. Hmighton, a
prominent business man of this city, who be
came Insfine a short time ago as the result of
clore study into the secrets of occult !?m, has
been ommitted to Agnewg Insane Asylum.
CHICO, June 17.— William Pauman, ape 73.
committed suicide at Centervllle ]a*t nisrht liy
taking laudanum. IJauman wa« afflicted with
cancer, and. knowing: hi? recovery from the
disease to he impossible, took poison to hasten
death. He leaves a wife and grown daughter.
PACIFIC GROVK, June 17— The Pacific
Grove High School closed for the present term
on Friday, ami last night the closing exer
riscs and alumni reception banquet occurred.
The closinz exercises were very creditable to
the Hitfh School teachers and puplla.
RICH COPPER LEDGE
IN RIVERSIDE COUNTY
LOS ANGELES. June 17.— Dr. Samuel Mans
fleW of this city died here to-day at the age
of 73. Dr. Mansfield was a retired merchant
and came to California about thirteen years
aj?o. He was formerly a wholesale druggist nt
Memphis, Tenn.. and built up one of the largest
wholesale establishments in the Mississippi
Valley. He was one of the wealthiest resi
dents of this city.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
Still Another Survivor.
It was inadvertently state-! In recording
the death of ililo J. Ayer that the sola
survivor of a party which reached Sacra
mento In August. 1S49. was itr. Easter
brook. Mr. A. C. Sweetzer r>f Sacramento
was a member of the party and is still
hale and hearty.
Child's Serious Fall.
The Infant son of Joseph M. Olson, em
ployed by a Uihofrraphlnjr company and
residing at 403 Greenwich street, fell from
a porch in the rear of a Montcomery
street restaurant yesterday and was pos
sibly fatally injured. The little one drop
ped about fifteen feet, striking its head
on a concrete pavement. Dr. T. B. W.
Leland was called and sent the babv to
the Children's Hospital, where he will at
tend It.
GOOD FIELD ENTERED.
List cf Starters for the Coney Island
Handicap.
STEX7 YORK. Jur.e 17.— Following are
TVr- frtripp for the Coney Island handicap,
¦ i f :r!rrg«, which will be run to-morrow
;.: Sheepshcad Bay:
Ktheihert *....1S Mlwknsry 105
K:r,!«>v Mack 13.' OonfaJon 1*5
J?an R^raud 1^ I~*want<-r 105
IxifP m Gold Tar 104
Voter 13 1. Lamplighter 103
BraSoran 123 Coboarc l'K
Vlr'-arm 12T Skyscraper 102
Previous li", Moribert I'M
B'X 114 Pupil 100
.7< ; ;n Bright 124 Mischievous I'M)
TIl!o I2lj Autumn ]f"0
Alirol 121 Orontas 91
Kirhard J JIl' Tlu. k> 33
I».an»rle ::i T<«Jdy 93
llartimaa 119 Colonel Roopfvelt SS
I'.UFh 116 Gold d'Or SS
Admiratlm 1!C Half Time 97
May Hfmpateail 117 Sidney Lucas '.>"
llaffapllo 116 La.Jy Lindsay *7
MrLrad of l>»re II* Kadford 96
i.1(-fmf-rift IlSfJack P<Mnt 96
Fander? 113 Ortf Jarrju*« M
Klnjf Barleycorn U3 Sir Wrdev^re 96
TVerlnp li; Ftrathcona S5
LfUle SaJnt. 131 Oold Oue S3
Vulcain Mi jHaper<1"n SO
Intrusive MOJIUkkJ Tikki Tavf... ?;
Pavid C«rrick lflSj Elfin Coni? n
Mark Ch^k V!Si Ten <"an4!M ?: !
Petruchlo MWJMateblra M
<'han"E"us KKJOrthna !•;
"Watt Not l'f> Mechanic !>2 ;
Ssrrr.etian l r >-; Rip Cun W) '¦
Hindun IK jOrVyfeli so i
KriM Krinple ICIlLadjr Vncas (4 I
Ventnro IC7JDeiacey S7 I
f-'urvivor 107 Nanln* « j
Killayl-.andra Jcs chatle»s M j
Early Morning Blaze on First Strest
Causes Loss of Five Thou
sand Dollars.
A fire which consumed about JjftV) worth
' cf property occ-.irrrd early yesterday
I morning in tho building occupied by the
j Great Western Pmeltinr: and Refining
j Company, at 217 First street. An alarm
| was runs in at 6:15, but before the tire
I department arrived on the scene tha
! fiames had communicated t3 the adjcln
j ing buiidings.
For a time it appeared a? If a large con
i flneration wa.3 imminent. The fire wonMd
j it? "way through adjoining buildings in tho
! rear, and ?ocn the property of th*» Amer
1 lean Mechanics' Foundry was burning
fiercely. Several strtams of water wero
broupht to pl;>y on th*- f.re. and after
I nearly an hour's hard work the (lames
I w«»re subdued.
j Th«» totnl loss will aggregate $.".fW>. Tho
' premises of the smelting work 1 * w»re had
i lv putted, and the American 'Mechanics*
} Foundry, at 223 First street, was almost
completely consumed. The eaus-» of tho
fire has not yet been determined. People
living In the vicinity say they heard an.
fxplosion just before the fire broke out.
but the employes and officials of th«
smelting works say there was nothing of
an explosive character In the building.
FIRE DESTROYS FOUNDRY
AND SMELTING WORKS
THE members of St. Johannes' Ger
man Evangelical Lutheran Church
laid the cornerstone of their new
house of worship yesterday afternoon
on the lot they own on Twenty-second
street, between Howard and C-ipp streets.
The church was first organized in this city
over thirteen years ago. and the first «=ei
vlccs wore held in the Mission Opera Hall.
The congregation grew so rapidly that tho
trustees negotiated for and bought the old
Emmanuel Baptist Church property. They
disposed of the old building, and yester
day the cornerstone was laid for a hand
pome new rdifice. that will cost over $13.
000 and will when completed seat <oO peo
ple..
The services commenced with a shoit
prayer in German by the pastor. Rev. J.
H. Schroeder. The choir led a hymn that
•was Mir.g by the several hundred people
present. The pastor then delivered an ad
dre«=f=. and said In part:
"'The significance of the cornerstone lay
ing before our congregation is that it is
another. token of the love of God. At this
altar we lay our praise to him ffir his
manifold kindnesses to us in the past, and
with hopes of his guardianship over this
little flock in the future. Wo. do not know
how long we shall be spared— in fart, wo
may not be alivo when this building is
completed, tn a few months from now;
but do not let us waste our time, but work
for tho glory of God."
The Rev. J. M. Buehler of Oakland then
made an address in English, after which
the stone was* formally laid by the Rev.
J. H. Schroeder. A copper box was laid
under the stone, with the names of the
congregation, the roll of the Sunday
school, a few coins and a copy cf The
The members of the choir that rendered
the several sweet hymns during tho ser
vice are: Sopranos — Mrs. Kingott. Misses
EL Horstmann, L. Engehnrt. Saehlmann
and Hargens; nltos— Misses Windelcr. Kll
lenf:i'r, Krocger, Uammann and Buehler •
tenors— Messrs. Rikkcr. Storey. Hargens
and Kaiser: bassos — Messrs. Meier and
Sfhudcl; organist, Professor A. C. Schau-
LAID CORNERSTONE
OF A NEW CHURCH
'[fj3 C. FARNSWORTH. chairman t>f the recent Democratic State Con
| ' vention. created some surprise in political circles yesterday by an-
( L__ ?0 nouncing the appointment of the Democratic State Executive Com
mittee, it was not expected that the appointment of this committee
would be made until after the 10th of July because of a legal question that had
been raised, but Mr. Farnsworth announces that the men appointed by him
will not assume their duties until July 15. The following named comprise th«
newly appointed body:
First Coneressional District— J. J. Wells. Tehama: J. C. Simms, Sonoma- J F
Coonan. Humboldt.
Second Congressional District— James IJ. Budd, San Jcaquin; A. Camlnettl. Ama
dor: A. M. Seymour, Sacramento.
Third Congressional District— 31. F. Tarpey, Alarreda: Seth Mann. Alameda- \V H
McDonald, Contra Costa.
Fourth Congressional District— James G. Masuire. San Francisco; Washington
Dod&e. San Francisco; William H. Alford, San Francisco.
Fifth Congressional District— James D. Thelan. San Francisco; Frank H. Gould
Pan Francisco: Nicholas Bowden. Santa Clara.
Sixth Congressional District— Stephen M. White, Los Angeles; R. F. del Vall» los
Angeles; Thomas O. Toland. Ventura.
Seventh Congressional District— Ben M. Maddox. Tulare; Oscar Trlppett San Dieeo-
W. D. Crichton, Fresno.
At the Democratic State Convention there was ,a spirited discussion upon
the legality of the appointment of a State Central Committee. It was the
opinion of many members of the convention that the appointment of the
State Central Committee should have been left to the convention that meets
In August. Stephen M. White. James G. Maguire and Seth Mann took this
view. The committee was appointed, however, with the understanding that
it would not go into power until July 15.
The newly appointed executive committee will have a cJear field wh»-n it
goes Into office, as the present one will have finished all its labors by July io
PERFORMANCES AT
THE PLAYHOUSES
"A Homespun Heart," before time known
as "The Estate of Hannibal Howe," by
Judson Brusie, is the Grand Opera-house
bill this week. It is good, old-fashioned
melodrama of the quieter variety, thor
oughly wholesome and well enough staged
and acted. Frank Bacon as Amos Howe
gave an admirably drawn picture of the
honest, dryly humorous, tender old hero,
his quaint naturalness thrown into high
relief by the manifest artificiality of most
of the other roles. By the way, Mr. Bru
sie should not plagiarize Wardle's Fat
Boy without some slight acknowledgment,
though Gus Tate does help him so clever
ly. Fay Courtenay Is a dainty ingenue,
lietsey and Edith Lemmert do well.
• • •
Kellar, the magician, begins the second
week of his very successful engagement
at the Columbia -.Theater this evening. He
Is undoubtedly the cleverest conjurer now
before the public, and though Hermann
could give him long odds and win on a
peculiar necromantic cast of countenance.
Hollar's performance is every whit as un
canny. A number of new acts will be in
troduced this week, which ends next Sun
day evening, and a matinee will be given
on Saturday.
? • •
Next Monday night Henry Miller and his
clever company will make their first ap
pearance at the Columbia in Jerome K.
Jerome's comedy "Miss Hobbs." Margaret
Anglin will njay the title role, and the
Miller season is the next important event
on the dramatic calendar. The advance
sale of seats will begin on Thursday morn
ing.
NEW DEMOCRATIC
EXECUTIVE BODY
Two British vessels arrived from Ger
.mar ports yesterday. Both carried a con
siderable quantity of cement in their car
goes and that article will be a drug in the
market for some time to come.
The Manydown mr;do the run from Ham
burg to San Francisco in 149 days. Off the
River Platte she was caught in an elec
trical storm and for a time the sailors
on watch were quaking in their shoes.
On March 21 it began to storm again and
the tempest gradually worked up until the
Manydown was in dire distress. The ele
ments seemed to be at war and the firma
ment was ablaze. Flash after flash of
sheet lightning lit up the scene while
forked lightning made it very uncomfort
able for the men handling the sails.
The Manydown finally escaped the elec
trical storms off the Platte and then ran
into heavy weather off the Horn. For
days at a time the decks were never free
from water and during the conflict every
thing movable on deck was washed over
board. Once the Horn was rounded every
thing was plain sailing and the Many
down made good time to port.
The bark Lord Elgin had an almost s:m
ilar experience on her voyage here. Sh*.
was 154 days from Antwerp and in the
North Sea and British Channel ran into
a succession of westerly gales. She and
the Manydown must have been off the
Platte together, because the thunder and
lightning that played around the bark
while she was in that vicinity almost
scared the sailors to death and the officers
had a hard time of it keeping them at
their posts.
Off the Horn the Lord Elgin encoun
tered a succession of gales that delayed
her fourteen days. The Manydown went
further south, escaped the heavy weather
and beat her rival live Jays on the voy
age.
In the Manydown's cargo is a lot of
crucibles and hollow glassware for the
University of California. A few small
consignments of Keneral merchandise and
thousands of barrels of cement make up
the rest of her load. The l^ord Elgin's
cargo is all Geneva gin and cement.
Excursions on the Bay.
The steamer Resolute took a lot of
newspapermen and their friends on an ex
cursion around the bay yesterday. The
vessel has been recently fixed up by the
Piper-Aden-Goodall Company and is now
the finest of her class on the bay. Yes
terday was really her trial trip, and
through the courtesy of A: E. Pryor she
was turned over to newspapermen. It
was a most enjoyable affair. The party
left the Clay-street wharf about 10:30 a.
m. and made a tour of the bay. Then the
Resolute was headed for McN'ear's land
ing, and there all hands went ashore and
had a pleasant afternoon. A band accom
panied the party and Oanclng was the
order of the day.
Mark Devlne of the wharfinger's office,
with James S. Tyler and John J. Har
rison, representing the newspaper men,
conducted' the affair, which was success
ful from every point of view. The Press
Club wns well represented.
The Hunker Hill Association continued
its celebration yesterday. The members
nnd their friends went out for a trip
around the bay on the river steamer
Dauntless and thoroughly enjoyed them
fcIws. Th» Union Iron Works, Hunters
Point. El Campo and all points of inter
est were taken in and everybody returned
borne thoroughly satisfied with the out-
Ing.
In honor of Punker Hill Day Henry
Peterson erected his new 109-foot flag pole
at the foot of Folsom street yesterday.
After working hard on the job from sun
rise Mr. Peterson pot *he immense pole
In place by noon an" the flag was flying
to the broezp In time to honor the day at
the proper hour. Charley Rodgers, who
has assisted in driving nearly every pile
row in place on the water front, was
Lieutenant Peterson"? chief aid In pett'ng
the Immense flag pole In plnce, nnd it was
be thnt saluted Xho Resolute and Daunt
less as they passed up the bay with the
excursionists.
Czarina in Port.
The steamer Czarina arrived from Hon
olulu yesterday. Captain Seaman had
considerable trouble with tho qunranttne
officers, as they would not allow his ves
sel to coir.e within a fathom of tho wharf
rind that made discharging very difficult.
The receiving of rer FUgar cargo wns
from lighters, so :he delay on that em!
was not prpat.
Thunder and Lightning Made Things
Very Unpleasant for the Crew
While the Artillery
Duel Lasted.
Two British Vessels Caught
in Electrical Storms Off
the Platte.
Two MiPfion toughs. Andrew Flatc'y
and John Wright, are in the City Prison
charged with assault to commit murder
and robbery. The complaining witness
against them Is John C. Nolan, a gar
dener living at 131 Ivy ave:iue
Nolan is a married man. and. not being
aMe to obtain work la the city, he start
ed out late Saturday night to walk to
San Jose to pet a iob picking fruit. When
he reached Thirtieth and Mission streets
he went \ip to Policeman James F\
Dennan, who was talking to Flately and
Wright, csked him to direct him to ; the
San Jose road, Dennan instructed him
how to proceed, and he continued his
tramp. Flate-ly and Wright left Dennan
and followed Nolan.
About 3:30 o'clock yesterday morning
Kolan met Dennan at Twenty-ninth and
iMission streets, and told him he had been
stabbed and robbed of $2 by two young
iren near Ii-lals Creek. Dennan summon
ed the patrol wagon, and Nolan was
taken to the City and County Hospital.
Dr. Boskowltz found a long knife wound
on the right eide of Nolan s fa^v which
required ten stitches, and another slash
in the back of his head, requiring five
etltches. There were also contusions on
the left side of the man's head and face.
After his wounds were stitched and dress
ed he was ta&en to the Seventeenth-street
police station.
In the meantime Dennan and Sergeant
Shaw and Policeman Winters went in
search of Flately and Wright. They were
found at their homes, the first named on
Ney street and the last named on Paris
Etreet. They were taken to the Seven
teenth-street station, and when thev en
tered Nolan ai once identified them. They
•were booked on charges of assault to
commit murder and robbery, and were
pent to the City Prison. Nolan was taken
to his home in the patrol wagon,
Whf-n the prisoners were searched a
ca5«» containing a hypodermic syringe and
needle, besides a comb, knife, pencil and
mining: circular, were found in Wrights
pockets, which Nolan identified as his
property, and the articles were kept as
(evidence.
¦ "The two young men came up to me,"
raid Nolan, "and we walked along to
pcthcr till we came to the creek at the
fr>ot of the hill. They stopped, and
Fiately pulled out a knife and ordered
me to throw up my hands. I did so. and
W right went through my pockets.
Flately got mad because I had only $2.
j-nd cut me with the knife. When I fell
I was struck on the head with a rock
nr.d kicked by both the young men. Alter
they left me I retraced my steps until I
m«-t the policeman."
Flately rind Wrieht both deny that they
¦were talking to Policeman Dennan, and
know nothing of the robbery. Wright ex
plained his possession of the hypodermic
outfit and other articles by s-ving that
Flatr-3y put them in his pockots while
ho was fitting on tho steps of a drug
store.
Both nrlsonrr?! are wcil known to the
police. Plate! jr was arrested April 21 for
Ftabbinf James Rowan on the Mission
road. He claimed that Rowan and two
• iThers "jun-.p^.r* him. and he had to use
his Vr.ife ii sHfWWon.se. On that show
ing Judge Fritz dismissed the case May 4.
Thrilling Experience of
John C. Nolan at
Islais Creek.
Andrew Flately and John Wright Ar
rested and Booked on Charges
of Assault to Murder
and Robbery.
ROBBED, STABBED
AND KICKED BY
MISSION TOUGHS
Howitt of San Rafael was called Imme
diately, but there was at no time any
chance of recovery. Her body was subse
quently removed to the Morgue, which
was visited by several people who knew
LorgvIU was not struck by the lc^imn
tive. but he received a nervous shock that
rendered him helpless and he was re
moved to the station master's house,
where everything possible was done to re
store him. At the time of the accident
he sprang to the right on the foot bridge
provided on the trestle and was endeavor-
Ing to pull his companion oft the tracK
when she slipped between the ties and
the engine struck her. She was shoved
along the track some feet before the en
pine, which was in charge of John Wil
liams, was brought to a standstill.
The trestle wnere tjie accident occurred
is just around a sh.f.p curve and owing
to a water tank and several houses It Is
obscured from an approaching train
northward b^nd. The trestle is about 150
fe.c in length and 20 feet In height. At
the Mde the railroad company has pro
vided a foot bridge for the use of people
who wish to cross. The victim of to-day's
accident and her companion chose the
middle cf the track.
Miss Abrams was employed by Newman
,t Levinson and Longvill is also employed
there.
Coroner Eden will hold an inquest to
day.
With William Longvill She Was Crossing on
Ties and Fell Between Them as
the Train Came Up.
'pXffi -ES FLORENCE ABRAMS. 22,
I H \\ Jcars of a & e . who resided with j
ii ift* er mother at 1227 Alabama j
street, this city, met with an ac- |
cident rear San Anselmo yesterday \
through which she lest her life. She was
struck by a locomotive on a trestle. The i
young lady had gone for a day's outing j
with William B. Longvill, residing at ill I
Gold<?n Gate avenue, and he was with her j
at the time she was struck by the engine, i
He mace every effort "to draw his com- i
panlon to a place of safety, but was un- !
successful.
Miss Abrams and her escort got oft the ;
train at San Anselmo and proceeded up j
the railroad track in the direction of Fair- >
fax. They had loft the station and about •
two hundred yards away reached the j
trestle and proceeded to cross It, ;pplng !
In the middle of the track. They were i
about half way over when a train came ;
around the curve and overtook them. >
Miss Abrams started to run. but slipped
and fell. She was caught by ; the engine '
and both her legs were cut oIT, ns was '
also her right arm.
The accident occurred about 1:33 in the
afternoon, and from that time to the time ;
of her death. 2:45 o'clock, the young lady ;
never recovered consciousness. Dr. H. O. !
Miss Florence Abrams of This
City Killed on Trestle at
San Anselmo.
LOCOMOTIVE RUNS
DOWN A YOUNG GIRL
despaired of ever reaching the shore alive.
At last the terrined couple got into
smooth water off the Bay Farm Island
shore. North waded through the marsh
toward the first light he saw. It proved
to be in the Mttle bridge house of Kalph
Hamlin, tender of the Bay Farm Island
bridge. He made known his plight to
Hamlin. who, accompanied by North,
went cut in another boat to bring Miss
Taylor to dry land. They were both
thankful for their deliverance. It was too
late to catch a train for the city and
the couple accepted an invitation to spend
the night at the home of a neighbor of
the Hamlins. Thl3 morning they went t"
their homes.
"It was a protty • rarrow escape for
them." said Ralph Hamlin to-dav. "When
I got to their boat it was half full of wa
ter, and it wouldn't have taken much
more to have sunk it The young lady
had lost her hat and cape and was soak
ing wet. North was wet through, too.
When North knocked at my door 1 won
dered who It could he roaming around at
that hour. I looked at my clock and it
was a nuarter to one. Those two were
the happiest pair you ever saw when tl-.py
got ashore, and I don't blame them tin
feeling so.''
The boat in which the couple spent so
many hours in terror of going to the bot
tom of the bay was sent back this m<_rr.
ing to San Francisco on a gasoline
schooner.
LA.MEDA, June 17.— Storm-tossed
If \\ and bedraggled, a young couple
Jl landed in a half-tilled whitenall
boat on the shores of Bay Farm
Island at 12:45 o'clock this morning. They
had narrowly escaped beir.gr drowned in
the bay. The young people are Frank
North and Miss Abbie Taylor, both of t-an
Francisco.
TJie two started in the boat, which be
longed to a friend of North's, from, the
San Francisco city front about 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon for a ride up the foav
The tide was strong on the flood and
when they grot out into the stream N-Jrti
had all he could do to pull against tlie
current. Suddenly one of the oars snap
ped off. The pleasure seekers were help
less then and were compelled to go w.iere
the tide would take them. The shouts of
North for assistance were unheeded.
The wind came up and lashed the wave?
into foam. After dark the sea see.r.i'd
to gather violence. North struggled to
keep the boat out of the trough of the
waves, but despite his efforts it veer*-1
round and took in quantities of water. To
keep the craft from swamping the occu
pants bailed the water out as fast as they
could, the young man using his hat and
the young .lady her hands. For hours
they were at the mercy of the waves and
One Oar Sn^ips in Two and Leaves Them Vic
tims of the Tide and Winds, Which
They Bravely Battle.
Frank North and Miss Abbie Tay
lor Spend Half a Night in a
Whitehall Boat.
AT MERCY OF THE
WAVES FOR HOURS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. June IT.
The spectacle of two prominent young
clergymen of Alameda County soundly
pummellng a stalwart ranch hand on
the streets of Livermore was witnessed
yesterday, much to the edification of a
crowd of sisjht-secrs, who cheered the
plucky young clerics.
The muscular expounders of the gospel
are Rev. Carl M. Warner, pastor of tho
Methodist Church, and Rev. Arthur
Hicks, pastor of the Presbyterian flock at
Livermore. Each is a believer in mus
cular Christianity when force can be ap
plied to a righteous cause. In the case
in point the two preachers went to the
rescue of Town Marshal Harvey, who
was beinj? badly worsted in an effort to
lug a belligerent and somewhat inebriated
farm hand to the calaboose.
The rancher was making matters so hot
for Harvey that the peace otScer wa,-*
well nifjh ready to loose hla prisoner,
when the youncr ministers came aions
They wer not long in taking in the situ
ation. Harvey is not a large mnn. Tho
prisoner with whom he was stru»;;linsr
was not only big framed, but sufflciently
heated by liquor to make a mean and
uply fisrht.
The farmer had much thf best of the
f.pht until he was confronted by the
clerical reinforcements. Rev. Mr. War
ner and his companion doffed their coats
and went Into the affray. To be a min
ister is not to bo any less but much more
a man with such sturdy followers of th«»
cross of faith, so they had everything
their own way.
In a jiffy the tide of battle had turned,
and the pastors had the satisfaction of
seeing the fighting rancher speedily
placed in jail, with ample room tr» medi
tate upon the vanities of the world.
"It was rnifhintr." said licv. Mr. War
ner. "The Marshal seem**! to have hU
hands full, find we relieved him of soma
of his burdens." .
tianity.
Revs. Arthur Hicks and Carl Warner
TJisplay Ability as Expound
ers of Muscular Chris-
Young Pastors Rescue Peace
Officer From an Ugly
Prisoner.
THRASHED BY A
FIGHTING PAIR
OF PREACHERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1900.
Helpers of Zion Society.
A wcll-nttended meeting of the Helpers
of Zlon Society was held last evening at
B'naJ B'rith Hall. Only routine business
was transacted, pending the arrival of a
report from Dr. Stephen Wiese, delegate
from this city to- the conference of Zion
societies held in New York this month.
Boys" race— C. Haynes won. M. Llchtensteln
•ssccd; Jlrls' race— Mary Stevens won, Annie
The twentieth annual picnic of the Hun
garian Mutual Aid Society of San Fran
cisco was held at San Rafael I'ark yes
terday. About 800 picnickers enjoyed
dancing and the game*. The smoking
contest was won by T. Scztnch.
The committee In charge was composed
of is Hoffman, chairman; L,. Gutter. S.
Fzegedy, William Cohn and William Ko
senbers. The oflicers of the eociety are
M. Schwartz, president, and S. Grossman,
secretary.
The races were won by the following
r.amed competitors:
LAID CORNERSTONE OF NEW CHURCH BUELDING.
after an hour's maneuvering. Five men
became overcome by heat, keeping th*
hospital corps constantly at work and
one private arrested by Deputy Sheriff
Miller for fighting was shot at twice by
that officer while attempting to escape
but was not iniured. * '
FROM SEA AND SHORE
7
Lutheran Congre- ;
gation Will Erect ;
New Edifice.
AMUSEMENTS.
T0-NI6HT BEGINS THE SECOND WEEK
Of the Enormous Comic Opeta Success.
MADELEINE
or THE MAGIC KISS.
Suns: by a Or»at Company. Including
EDWIN STEVENS. ANNA Ll'CHTER. FER-
RIS IfARTMAN.
Evenlnes at ?. Matinee Saturday at ?.
Next Week— Revival of the Comic Opera Gem.
•THE GEISHA."
Reserved Seats Are Now on Sale.
POPULAR PRICES— Z~c and 50c.
Telephone— Bush 9.
•?NAPOLEON LOOKED LIKE HE."
Dunne & Ryley's ALL-STAR CAST,
IXCLCDpTG
MATTHEWS Si BULGIfn. John W. Dunne,
Mar-- Marble. Walter Jones, Maude
Courtney and 30 ethers In
HOYTS BIGGEST SUCCt;S3.
A Milk While Flag
Xext We«lc for the First Time !n San Fran-
cisco. HOTT'S Latest Play.
"A DAV AND A NIGHT."
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
HALL SUBDUING WALLACE.
i 'o?i —
WILSON FAMILT: THE WOODTHORPES:
DEETS & DOS; BASCO & RICE; CAFFSET
& BURTON.
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
J CANNON, THEf FAT MAN.
Order Seats by Phone — Park 23.
FT^flHFRN CONCERT HOUSE.
riOtntlV O AdmUnlon 10c.
LAMBARDI OPERA QUARTET AND SIO.
ABRAMOFT. in Last Act of "LA FORZA
DEL DESTINO." Elizabeth R. Mnwry. Drm-
matlc Soprano, and Isabelle Underwood.
Reserved Seats, 25c. Matlr.ee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dallv from 7 a. m. to II p. in.
Bathlns from 7 a. m. to lfl p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 8c.
Bathing. Including a«lmiaslon. K<?: chil'iren. iOe.
\M. T.^ HESS.
KCTARY PC3I.W 1SJ ITTORHBT-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1915, Clam Sprackela Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 831 California at., below PowtU,
, San Francisco. ,
AMUSEMENTS.
SECOND A-*D LAST WEEK.
Every Night, including Sunday. Miticet Ettsrdiy.
THE GREAT MAGICIAN*.
Presenting a Wonderful ProRrnmme of
MYSTIFYING MARVELS.
PRICES-25C, 35c. 50c. 73c and «.
3STE2CT IMiOnSTDwA/X--
Inoufiural of the
HENRY MILLER SEASON
THE MOST ATTRACTiYE VAUDEVILLE
BILL GF THE SEASON !
CHARLES E.' GRAPEWIN, assisted
by Miss Anna Chance & Co.
MUSICAL DALE.
VAN & NOBRIGA CO.: THE MARVELOUS
MERRILLS: SYDNEY DEA.VE: McDONALD
BROTHERS: AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Last Week of
JOSKPH HAP.T AND CARRIE DE MAR.
Res-erverl seats. 25c; balcony. 10c; opera chairs
and box sfats, 50c.
Matinees "Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
I PHONE MAIN 52.
IFIED PfCCESS of . Judson
Brusle's Rural Drama.
A Homespun Heart
A Play That Strikes a Responsive Chord In
Every Human Breast.
ONLY THIS WEEK.
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c and SOe.
Good reserved seat In orchestra Saturday
Matinee, 20c.
Branch Ticket 0rf.ee— Emporium.
*f\Jk ET A T 65 F^l \
» BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
THIRD WEEK •
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET.
The Racing. Sensation.
IBl JHl JhL L XT £\
ONLT MATDJEE SATURDAY.
Seat* Six Day» In Advance, at Box Orflce
Only.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1900.
8
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
FU?INESS OFFICE r>f The San Francisco
CbH. rorner cf Market end Third streets, open
_— til II o'clo-k every night In the year.
T3UANCII OFFICES— :27 Mor.tscmery street,
rorner Clay; open until ?:S0 p. tn.
?00 Haye? street; «~pen until ?:S0 p. ra.
C23 McAllltter rtrcct; rpen until 8:30 p. m .
C15 L_irkin ctreet: cr-en until S:30 p. m.
If-<1 llifsicn ttrcct: open until 10 p. m.
ITC1 Mission Ftrcet. corner Sixteenth; open un-
til S p. ra.
ltt Eleventh rtrect: cr?n until > p. tn.
lcrc Valencia ft—ct: cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtrrets: rr-on cntil S p. tn.
U~I_TI\G NOTICES.
— —^ ft
6AN Fr?. nrisc> Chapter No. 1. Royal _^_
Arrh Masons, meets THIS EVEN- Rj^
ING. Husmess atid degree 5 and 6. ' ~*
GOLDEN GATE Commandcry No. IS, » j
K. T., OoMen Gnte building. 625 Fu t-,i% ]
ter Et— Stats-d use— Mr THIS EV_N-xJT
ING at R o'clock. All fraters are cour-/ >r >
* ROBERT McMILXAN. Em. Com.
WM. T. ION DA. Recorder^
OCCIDENTAL Lo.iee No. C2. F. and A. II
M— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at _#V_
7:33 o'clock. "Third decree. Master }^JT
Masons cordially invited. l!v order of / »
t»;e W. I.!. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
KING Solomon'* Lodce No. C60, F. and ft
A. M., Franklin H.-.'.I, Fillmore st.. ,jf\_
between I5t!«h a.n.l Sutter. Third WJ+\
degree THIS EVENING at 7:2".
HAKRV BAEHR. Secretary.
AGI2XTS WANTED.
WANTED— Two traveling paler— en to repre- j
••*nt an established business of ladies' wear;
must be of pood aodrfss ar.d acquainted in j
the trade; reference required. lio\ 2323, Call, j
WANTED — Apents; we -ant several Rood men !
to sell our poo<Is on commission; liberal con- I
tracts to the rislit parties: no idlens or trif- I
".rrs riffi answer this. Western Advertising
Ca.. T13 Ru!=h Ft.
WANTED — Good solicitors: no ethers need ar>-
r?y- GARRISON & BAILEY. 116 Second at.
ASTROLOGY.
PBOT A- MAJSERT of Epypt. creat«st astrol-
Dgtet and pal— :i«t tn the world; satisfaction
guaranteed. 15 Powrtl st.
ATTOttXEYS AT LAW. j
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private: j
no fee without success: <-cl!cot.lon«. G. V.'. j
HOWE. any. at law. S5S Market. ccr.Stockton.
R. \v. KING, S27 MarUct Ft., room 627; all j
cases; no advance charges; call or write.
ADVICE fr*>e: no charce unless successful. W.
\V. DAVIDSON. iCT Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S CLAKK. Emma Spreekels bldg.. 527 Mar- j
ket rt.: corsultation free: no fees in advance. |
AUTOMOBILES. j
AUTOMOBILES-FRED \VAR_» & EON, j
A grins. <6 Fremont st. I
EMZIXSIA" HAWKS.
FBAUD!!! I
T^ere has bern st much deception practiced
In B*-!pian Hares that the majority cf persons
_— it.;:1)!» to dftcrrain* whore they can get
lair and J-.onesi trPatmt^t.
Why not patronize the CALIFORNIA BEL- j
CIAN HARK ASSOCIATION, as they have
the best line of animals in the State and are I
thoroughly responsible for any representation^. J
they m &v make. Addre?s
GEO. A. yorXG. Manager. Alaro eda. Cal.
BELGIAN ha r.*- Fancy ttock on sale; bred ;
p.nd unbred does from $10 to J1U0; young pedi- j
preed >:tnrk on sale at reasonable prices; ccr- i
reej rtidesec solicited. Pajaro Valley Rab- i
Mt— >-. P O. drawer I). Watsonville. Cal.
FOR Faie— Very fine stork of high-Fcore. pedi- j
precA Ko'.pian hares, all scored b}' Mrs. Bush.
jf.-.-i- Sutter st.. San Francisco.
TREMONT H'lgian Hare Co.. 2134 Flllmore St..
Pan Krancit-o. CSaL — Send 6c in stamps for
book en care and feeding.
A FEW left-Hravywripht •x'di-ree does; must j
he sold to-day. K.6 Tehama st. j
HARE San.t.iriJ— — Treatment of sick hares; j
positive pnttfle cure-. I>R. JACOBS. 1616 Turk, j
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE C. 6C3 Gold- j
<n <;ate sve.. S. F. ; -M r_bbits for Fale cheap, i
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN'.
A LADY with a nice home would like to board j
" or 4 rhl!dr»n For particulars apply to Dr. !
F von Butow. ISM Market Ft., references.
! - - I
UOUK.- NEW AND OLD.
6CHOOL HOOKS bought and exchanged. !
H"l—<^ Vrok Co.. Tf'« Mission rt.. near Third. :
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^-fiSf; RESTAURANT on Geary St.; close to j
Chronicle building; rent cheap; owner em- ;
ployed in National Bank; must sell at once.
Call It. G. WILKIE. 164 Kearny st. j
X_j3.j:,'i; Dlil'O store on Montgomery st.: rent
140; t-stab. years: knowledge of business not
nece-aary. Call R. G. ~H-~tE.-a«% "earn-. L
A— 12000; BEJ ; T paying corner grocery and har !
o:i Hay.s m.: no rent to pay; a splendid '.
chan-e. See R. ti. WILKIE. 26'i Kearny st. |
j>:0— PARTNER wanted in a first-class sa!oon
one hi-xrk north of Market; oven leaving for i
Europe. Call R. G. WILKIE. C6', Keainy n. j
AN Interest in trcn^for and express company,
<1<-.in»j 8 be_-eaa of IIG.OOH j.er year, in this |
ciiy and acri« the bay: owner needs active
assistant. <-ail R. G. WILKIE. 26^4 Kearny. |
A— tic**; SALOON elepantly fitted up: estab.
run smd dMng a pool laying busings; place
1 >c;,tod cl'*e to Palace Hotel; rent Siu; leas^; ]
I.'-rpe stock, best quality; a rare offer. Cajl
Ii. <;. WILKIE. 26"-. Kearny Ft. m
A— j:^f<; ELEGANTLY furnished restaurant ; 6n
Stockton Ft.; j;lar» estab. many years and do- '
ine rt— bloc gooi-payinjf business: no better
offer in market. H. O. WILKIE. 25^ Kearny.
A— SGi*; FRENCH restaurant in choicest loca- j
tion of Latin quarcer; rent $25; a, splendid \
paying business; must be 6cld at once, as | ,
owner* are goin? to leave for Paris. Call Ii. j '
G. WILKIE. i'C- Kearny ft. j
„ — $-"**>: CORNER cipor store, with card room. I ¦
ciose to corner Market and I'owell Fts. : a rare !
chance. Call It. G. WILKIE, 1'S 1 . Kearny gt. | .
A-$-.'.O; CORNER branch bakery and grocery. \ j
with 4 living rooms, on Dear? Ft.; low rent
ar.d pood j'aylnp t>u?ine?s; a rare chance.
<'ail K. O. V. IL.KIE. IS',! Kearny «.
CORNER candy and ice cream parlor: rice '
p!ac*; departure. I.ANE & CO.. ECS Market.
A ROADHOVSE. near city: choice location;
-.-r!l stocked; good furniture; fine business;
rr._st sell : make offer. LANE & CO.. MX Mkt. '
DELICACY and oarmed Goods; f.n? location; i '.
muht pr!!: make offer. LANE & CO., SC5 Mkt. !
NOTIONS, fancy goods (stationery, pastry;
Wf-M stocked; ~ i ust s«»:i. LANE. f-Cj Market.
A— $200; NICK little house, 7 rovms; location '
test r.orth Market; owner there & years; going
Germany; must f^Jl. Stenberg Co, 07,5 Market.
tlEGO— MILK route, near the rity: established '
bUFir.ecy; tick:>e«-, cauw of sale. McLACGII- !
LIN _ CO.. 777 -s Market St.
JSOO— OYSTER and chop house; ladles' rooms;
daily receipts J20 to $":.. BASILE. 3 Eddy ?t. :
FIVE yoars *: tab'.ishe/l — Home dining room for
f«!p; TiT;; v.orth HOG: stands Investigation.
€*6 Gear}' «t. , '
THREE -CHAIR l.arbcr ehot) for sale; cheap! !
Inquire nt BERNARD'S, 1C« Seventh st.
. Jl~— RESTAT.'RAXT; worth J«<"-0; m urt be sold.
Inquire iJc'ii offlc». ,
5C*— RAUr.Ei: f.hor« <5clr.r good business ; goin_
to c_j«> Hoae; 2 chairs. 229 Second Ft.
A PAKTV !iai;n_ 12.".00 tan make en investment
wit^ iarjje returns on principal and profits by
applying i:rs!v.er:!_tc!.v room 4, fifth floor. Mil's
buiMins;. bet. 10 a. _. and : i>. m.; this op- |
portur.lty v.-ill only be oj>en for a linlteft num- i
ber of days.
|:C0ft— CORNER rrecery ar.d bar. with 4 living ! '
room*; rent $«'.'; l»>ase if v.anted; place doing '•
a good paying «•»?_ buainchs; *.vant to <kI1. as :
owner is CoooeUed t» leave the city. Box !
2C«. Call Office.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, otc; fine
location; place is entirely covered and con-
t»!r.s 8 Flails; rent only J15; water fi-«. In-
quire WM. liENUniCKSCN & CO.. 61* Call I
bulldir...
OLD rstablished —rr.er grocery, coal yard,
hay and gr-in business Included, at bar-pain
to the right jtarty: long lease. Apply corner
FiftTr.th and ClIUWll sts.
FOR Bale— <*ecd-r«ylng bakery route, horse and !
¦ —-agon. Apply 72" Sixtieth st.. between Grove
rt. and ave.. Oakland.
CORNER grocery ar.d 1-ar: well stocked: i large ¦
living rooms; icnt S2S. Apply Railroad Brew-
cry. <27 Valencia rt.
JSfiG — SALOON and lunch bouse. 4 rooms, suit-
able for man «nd wife; bickness cause: low
rent. CC6 Misrion *t.
COFFEE an4 tea routes supplied from GEO. '
w. CAS WELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento Et.
FOR eale or exchange for Jewelry, stock of ¦
fancy pootfs. liox IE1, Gilroy. • Cal.
BAKERY, notions: store for eale cheap; corner
ttore; rent |15; f£l Natoma Ft. ¦
SALOON with picnic gardens for eale; 1125.
K!even-mile House. Mission road.
JT.0— WELL-STOCKED grocery and bar; S llv- ;
Ing rooms; a bargain. 648 Minna et, nr. Sth.
FIRFT-CLASS shoe ehop; good prices; good '
work; £~aU stock thoc_. 232 Bush et.
I BUSINESS C1IAXCES CONTINUED.
FOR Fale— State right of Dr. Springsteen's dis-
coveries; originator of Viavl remedies. 2421
Killniore st.
$150— RESTAURANT in , good location; $50
-down, balance easy. Apply 837 Mission gt.
TO lease— Waltermire Belmont Hotel property.
Apply to GEO. C. ROSS, Belmont.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar: 4 living rooms;
account cf sicUne^s. 1111 Howard; no agents.
J1S0C— BARGAIN— Grocery and bar; good stock;
large bar traae. Apply 30 Lily ave.
E12S0— EKSIDE route on this raper. Inquire
6S1 Sacramento Et. BAPTISTS.
SALCOX. downtown, near Market St.; rent $£0
;.cr month. Apply 12 First et.
MAKE your own price — Saloon: cood business.
JC. W. cor. Harrison and Langton sts.
FAMILY liquor store at invoice value; good
location: lease. 501 Market st.
$430— RESTAURANT; bargain on account of
departure. M cLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Mrkt.
I $450— CORNER grocery and bar; full value; bar-
gain. Mclaughlin & co.. 777Vj Market st.
IC0O— AN old-established blacksmithlng and
horreshoeinp; bu.-:ini-;=s sacrificed on account of
death of owr.cr. 22 Cortland ave.. nr. Mission.
NURSERY for sale; Jobs and tools. Including
florl?t. 17.4 Central ave.
LINDELL Hou«e. corner S'xth and Howard-
Rooms Uc to "nc per night: 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH cf/iee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lercla yt.
LODGI.\<J-HOISES FOH SALE.
R. H. WINSTON & CO., MES Market, over the :
Wonder Millinery: telephone Mint 1591.
12 rooms $S."-0 20 rooms $<J0O :
IS rooms 600 15 rooms 475
24 rooms 70ii:i9 rocms "CO
ti rooms. Oakland. l-OO 1 '
CAltUIA-US »AX~ WAGOXS. i
VERY swell camp wagon, accommodate 6 |
pprlng b?Js for invalids; must see to appre-
ciate. E279 Mission St.. near Twenty-ninth.
ALL kinds of wagons. h-jRjries, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SOX, 2117 Mission gt.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, for sale
cheap. Call at £!2 Mission st.
NEW & 21-hanrt wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, n-rrk & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
CARPET KK.VTIXG AXD Cl-K.VMXU.
WHEN you become disirurtfl with poor work
rend to BPACLDING'S I'ioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Work?. S.'3-3'7 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
S42-3M McAllister st.; phone South 116.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beatln- and Reno-
vating Co.. 213 11th ft. : tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H. j
STEVENS, mgr.. 2S-40 Kth st ; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEENS California Carpet Cleaivag Co..
4J3 BtevrasoB s=t., teL South 2iS; lowest rates.
CARPETS elesned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'H. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie *J44.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
COXKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. S3J Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 12^ '
SPIRITUALISM.
AT Friendship Hall. S35 McAllister— Mrs. Mey-
er; convincing test to-night, life; Fltt. dally.
MRS HOTTER, spiritual medium; Minings: g.
tl. i .To; cir. Mo.. Tu.. Wed.. Frl., 10c. 31 fth.
MRS. DUNHAM. med*iu~ •: readings daily: cir.
Tues.. Frl.. 2, 8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
"GO to Watson": spiritual medium and palm-
ist; lucky an.l truest. l.vSl Market, nr. 12th; 2oc.
BARLC 330 ICIIis Ft.— Seances fun. and Wed.;
readings daily; will l"ave the city June 15^
MRP. J.. I. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life rea-ier; sittint:. £1. ll"4 Market, j
— — — » — » »——————«—- «————»————»— — ,
CLA1HYOYA.\TS. ,
MRS. DR. CLARK, the well-known trance j
medium, permanently locatt-d at 205 Turk St.,
rr.sy !:*> consulted en all affairs of life; she
will Fhow you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family trouble!": restore lost affec-
tions; unite the separated: satisfaction gjar- j
sr.teed by mall; send t-tamp for circular with
ppecial term?. MRS. DR. CLARK. 20S Turk
ft., near Jones.
MME.LANGE. the greaf clairvoyant, tells past,
future: never failf: has the greatest Egyptian
pecret ; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 2Sc and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 11€7 Market Ft, bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant, card
reader: bc.ru with double veil & second slsrht;
dlapr.osc!" diseases with life readings: L.. SOc;
G.. $1: palm & clairvoyant sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; best advice. S23
Uisston rt.. near 4th. rm. S: 2.'.c up; ring bell.
MME. XEKEDA of Z Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader: readings. 2".c: no sign.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try: truth cr no pay: 2; >c &^0c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
Flttinps daily. 212'^ Sixth st. • I
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
1 advice; names given; 2Zc up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band> pirt-re; 2.>; Indies. S14 O'Farrell st. j
COLLECTION OFFICES. •
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No char_e*un-
lr«t= Fiipcessful. Room V.f'. '.'27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A COTTAGE of .5 rooms. 2307 Polk St..
BROAD'S pla--e. 3. off Hush, bet. Hyde and
Larkir.— Cottage of 5 rooms; large cellar;
runt. $13.
COTTAGE in Hill Vnlley: . rooms and tent;
furnished for housp keeping; rent Jla for Au-
gust. Apply 51S Jersey st.
THREE suniiv rooms, nice garden, cheap to
small family". 1C70 Folsom St., near Ninth.
5 BUNNY rooms, chicken-house, barn; cheap to
good tenant. _21 Thirtieth st.. near Noe.
$S — OOTTAGB 4 rooms. yar<5: respectable loca-
tion. 1705 Turk St.. near Scott.
J10— BAY-WINDOW cottage: 4 rooms; water
free. 103 Collins st.. near Geary.
DENTISTS.
AT the _L'ECTRb-r'ENTAL~CLINIC. S03 MarT
ket ft., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flocd bldg.. you can
have your «-xtractlons don? palnk-s*iy; teeth I
without plates our sfeclalty; gold crowns,
$3 i>0 up: tlates. extractions free, $4 EO up; of-
fice hours. S a. m. to 1') p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. Hi . G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. LL'DLI.'M HILL. 'A\Z Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charce for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per pet: extractinir, SOc; gas given.
GET our prices for painless dentistry before
guins cltewhere. NEW YORK DENTAL
PAULOR. Sixth and Mission Eta.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell 8t.. on
vacation from June 13 until July _
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
day*. 1001 Market ?t., corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Pcr!or, 2& Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings, 25c.
SKT of teeth without FlatiT DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S11 Po!k st.
CHEAPEST p.nd best in Amerlca-The Weekly
Call.' 16 fca'es. eer.t to any address In the
United Ftates cr Canada one year for $1. I
T'Qftare r>gi3. j
DOG HOSPITALS. !
Dlt. CREELTS C. P. dog soap creates a
cmooth. *-iiKy coat; for sale by all _ru__lsts
or it the hospital. El'J Golden Gate ave.
DR. BUZABCS Dog Hospital, IV. f{. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 7.'c; city vifts Jl f.0; nil
nnlmr.Ts treated : iloes b?ard<»d. Tc\. West fi3G.
D~~SS_lAKJ_ZtS AM) SEA>ISTI1E__K3
McDOWELL'S is Hie place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladies' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Pott.
MME. REMBSRT. iJl Sutter st., dressmaking
tthool; uny pattern cut to measure.
fe F. Drei-Emaklngr. Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring bystem taught. 411 Van Nces.
PARISIAN dressmaking. TS7 Geary st. : dresses
mace, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect flt.
ACCORDION ileatinf: factory; all kinds plrat-
ir.g. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATION AX,:
ALL EtuJents but two taking full course thi3
year cot i>rr!t:or.s. KAN FRANCISCO BL'BI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1233 Market Et.
AYRES*. tbe leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; life scholarship. lyfl; includes short-
liand. typing.bookkeepins. /en art; day & eve. -
CA LIFORNIA Business College. SC3 Larkln 8t.;
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date: all
branches: positions secured /or graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, tlec mlnin-. mech. cur-
vey. afsay. cyanide^arch. : day. eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by officinl reporters "best teacher.
best system." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F.; founded 1S63; SO-page catalogue free.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and gentlemen. O. Blnz. 36 Geary, r. 34.
EDDCATIOXAt.
S. F. VETERINARY COLLEGE— Next session
begins June 11; catalogue upon application.
M. L. PANCOAST. Secretary. 510 Golden Gate.
LAW schools. P27 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
GALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
shorthand; bookkeeping. Parrott big.; cat'log.
PROF. MERKI, successful teacher of mandolin.
violin and guitar. 1008 Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Ait and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; all brunches. 424 Pine et.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
KMl'LO V ii 12 A T 0 1«'F1 CKS.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay 86.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. 8O6',£ Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Bcfct help. 4UU O'Farrcll st. : tel. East 426.
E.MPXOYMEXT WANTED FEMALE.
COMPETENT Swedish cook wants a place; a
first-class French second girl, best of refer-
ences; a first-class boardlns-house cook, city
references; a competent Swedish girl wants a
place for housework ; a first-class waitress,
hotel. Await situations at MISS CULLEN'S,
S25 gutter st.
RELIABLE! invalid's nurse, companion or
housekeeper; good home; moderate wages; ex-
cellent references; city or country-. S23C Sut-
ter st.. near Jones. .
GERMAN woman wants washing, ironing and
houseoleanlng by the day. Please call at 65
Tehama tt.. bet. First and Second.
WANTED by a middle-aged lady, position as
housekeeper in small family. Call at 14 Mc-
Allister st.. room 8.
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day.
washing ¦ or housecleaning. Apply 15% Oak
Grove ave., off Harrison st.. bet 5th and 6th.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes sewing by
the day; terms reasonable. Address box C07.
Call office.
YOU xc, woman wishes a position as working
housekeeper; understands care of children.
Box CCS. Call.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wishes situation In
American family to assist in general work.
Call or address 220 Sixth ave.
A FRENCH lady of refinement offers her serv-
ices to any family or party of ladies going to
Paris for her traveling expenses; also can act
as guide and Interpreter. Box 269S. Call.
1 LADY wants position as housekeeper or com-
panion to elderly lady: no objection to trav-
eling. Address box 2697. Call.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted by Ameri-
can ladr or care for Invalid. Apply 2D5H Fair
Oaks st^
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to keep house
for party of men or widower; city or country.
C. 1941 Mission st.
WANTED— A situation as competent infants'
nurse: Qerman; city or country, or would
travel; references. M. G., Call branch, 639 Mc-
Allister st. ¦¦ :-'
STRONG young German girl desires position to
<lo chamber work and laundress. 7 Van Ness.
FIRST-CLASS laundrees wishes to do day
work or 3 successive, days. 322 Virginia ave.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; Zlc to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $i
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubfcrlptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia et. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore at.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A COMPETENT German and wife desire situ-
ations: understand all kinds of ranch work.
MISS CULLEN. 3^ Wutter fit.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, desires work
in private family; thorough experience ;
Ftrlttly sober; uses no tobacco; not afraid of
work; undeniable references. R., S69 Mission.
SITUATION wanted as coachman: life ex-
perience in good stables: English; good refer-
ences. Box SC5. Call office.
COACHMAN (middle-aged man) wants situa-
tion; wages reasonable; good references. C.
B.. box U06. Call Offlco.
AN experienced cook wishes position in lunch
house. 240 Sutter st., room 12.
YOUNG Danish man wants situation In private
r''!ice; thoroughly understands care of horses,
cows and garden; best of references. Ad-
dress box 2S25, Call office^
ENGLISHMAN, married, competent, trust-
worthy, wants charge of orchard or vineyard,
or would keep house for bachelor rancher and
work on place: good bookkeeper; Al refer-
ences. Box 2S27. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a man as gardener,
hoetler or to do general work around place;
city or country; reference. Box 4400, Call.
OUTSIDE salesman with — ood line of city and
country customers wants position; can furnish
bonds and references. Address box 2929. Call.
CARRIAGE and house painter, paper-hanger
and decorator; first-class workman, with
complete outfit: will work reasonable: city or
country. Painter, box 2661, Call office.
ENGINEER and machinist; young; practical
all-around mechanic; is also millwright; ha*
long experience around machinery; first-class
references. Box 2912. Call.
WANTED— Situation ny competent bushelman;
custom trade. H. TURNER. 204V4 Eddy et.
RELIABLE man wants position as driver of de-
livery wagon or work of a similar nature.
Address DRIVER, box 2632. Call.
BLACKSMITH helper wants steady work In
shop where there is no horse shoeing; city or
country. Box 264L Call office.
COACHMAN and general man; experienced In
care of horses, carriages, garden, etc.; refer-
ences. Address A. It., 1104 San Pablo ave.,
Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada ;>ne year for $1,
poFtnge paid.
EXPERT OPTICIANS. ™
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071 >4 Market st. — Examinations free: German
eye water by mall, SOc. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician, 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
IooIflXtS, cottages, etc. A. M. SPECK & cbT^
667 Market st.
J019 Pine: f. 7 r $25' 91314 Buch'n; f. 6 r.$14
7t3 Haight: c. f. 7 r.$2j 1214A Scott; f. 4 r...$13
417 .Tones; f. 6 r $25] 112 Fell; f. 4 r $16
413 Hermann; h. 8 r.$30| 40 Belvedere; f. 6 r.?25
A-NVi'. corner Sutter and Scott; finest flat in
city for the price; investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated if seen.
A — 3 UPPER sunny modern flats, 5 and 4
rooms; bath each. 967, 973, 975 G. G. ave.
A— S- ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts: 1st floor. 417H Third.
CORNER bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath, gas;
cottage of 5 rooms, basement, yard. 1S76 Fif-
teenth St., near Dolores.
COZY, inexpensive flats, 4 and 5 rooms, bath.
1042 and 1014 Sacramento Rt.. below Mason.
ELEGANT flat: 3 largo rooms and bath; all
latest Improvements; key 713 Grove et.
ELLIS. 74115— Modern lower' 7-room flat, and 42
Willow ave.. corner Polk, 5-room sunny cot-
tage; only $20 each.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW modern sunny flats; bath, yard, base-
ment; 6 and 7 rooms; reas. 1S31-1S35 O'Farrell.
SONNY upper flat; 8 rooms; bath; all Bunny;
rent $25. Cor. Broadway and Larkln st.
TEHAMA. 250 and 250Vfe— Good flats: 4 and 5
rooms; *£ month free; $S and J10. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market st. <
UPPER sunny flat, 5 rooms; rent $1J. 437 Ivy
ave.; key «78 Hayes st.*
6 ROOMS and bath; clean; rent $22. 9S1 Harri-
Bon St.. near Sixth.
$S— LOWER flat of 4 rooms. 27 Pearl St. off
Market, near Valencia.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postace paid. -
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
SOLID walnut bankers' counter: 17 feet Ion*,
with drawers, etc.; cheap. BACIGALUPI,
813 Market st. ¦ ¦ , ¦
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Fl'ltMTUItU WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; teL Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
1 WANTED— CoolTfor 10 "boarders, country, $30;
4 waitresses, country hotel, $20; waitress, city,
•$25: French nurse and seamstress, $20: laun-
dress, country resort, $25; waitress for the
sprir.gB, $20; 4 ironers for laundry. $30 and $35;
second girl. $20 and J25; German nurse and
; seamstress, $20; and a large number of girls
for general housework, city and country, $20,
$25 and $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT, 316
Sutter' st. -
• C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 1S3.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
Head waitress, ?35; -' waitresses, city,. $20; 2
waitresses, seaside resort, $20; 2 waltresseb,
springs, J10; 3 waitresses, commercial hoteU,
, $25 and found, fare here; 4 lunch waitresses, 3
hours' work; $4; '1 lunch waitresses. $3 50, no
Sunday work; German cook, small restaurant,
$35; cook, small restaurant, country, $35, fare
paid; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids, !?15.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook and housework in bearding house, $25;
1 nurse. $20; nurse and upstairs girl, $15; cook,
American family. J25. $30. city: cook 12 men.
city. $20; cook. San Luis Obispo. $25, see party
here at 4 o'clock Monday; housegirl. San Ra-
fael, J25, and many new orders for Monday.
C. R. HANSEN &- CO.. 104 Geary at.
TWO girls to work in candy factory; good
chance to learn the business: $5 week to be-
gln; no fee. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
1 A— TEN waitresses and chambermaids, city and
country, $20 and ?25 each. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
'. A— COOK, boarding-house, city. $30; waitress,
same house, $20; also dishwasher, $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED female help— Waitress for Stockton
restaurant durins fair; best wages; arm
work. C. H. DALY, room 116, Winchester
. House, after S a. m. to-day.
WANTED— Girl for housework and cooking,
small family adults, $20; references. Call after
1 9 a. m., 1726 Turk st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework; 2
children; SS. 4 Twelfth st
STRONG' young girl to assist in housework;
no washing. Apply 1032 Ellis st.
STRONG, willing girl for general housework.
1460 OFarrell st.
GERMAN girl to assist In housework and care
children; wages $10 to $25. 661 Geary st.
GIRL who understands German cooking; ref-
erences. 2311 Broadway.
YOUNG girl for. general housework; 4 In fam-
ily; no children. 1930 Sutter et.
WANTED — Waitress, $15 per month and room.
615 Valencia st.
WAITRESS for restaurant. , 233 Sixth st.
COMPETENT infants' nurse; references. Apply
between 10 and 12, 2325 Gough. ,
GIRL to do light housework and assist in
store; sleep home; good place. 106 Eleventh.
WANTED— A young girl for second .work. 201C
Buchanan st.
GIRL wanted fcr light housework; good home.
623 Haight st.
SMART lady with abilitv to solicit; $6 and com-
mission; a to 12. 916 Market St.. room 42.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 858 How-
ard St., bet. 4th and 5th, over handball court.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; good
cook. Call 2303 Van Ness ave.. bet. » and 12.
EXPERD3NCED fruit canners wanted immedi-
ately. Apply U. S. FRUIT PACKING CO..
Harrison ave., off Folsom 8t.. bet. Seventh
and Eighth.
WANTED— 2C0 women and girls to work on
fruit. Apply immediately U. S. FRUIT
PACKING CO.. Harrison ave., between Sev-
enth and Eighth sts.. off Folsom.
WANTED— A German woman for a cook on a
ranch where seven hands are generally em-
ployed; wages $25 per month; must be a good
¦worker; no objection in case she should have
a child with her. Address S. S. 177, box 2691,
Call office.
WANTED— Woman of tact to travel Eastward
for a business house: only those able to fur-
nish acceptable security for goods and moneys
handled need apply. Address RESPONSIBLE,
box 2J1S, Call.
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'b overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32Vs Fremont.
WANTED— Woman capable of managing other
women: must have had some experience; this
position Is to travfl. Address Superintendent,
box 2694. Call office.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at Levl
Strauss & Co.'a factory, 32V4 Fremont St.; no
experience necessary; good wages. Apply to
J. W. DAVIS, manager.
DRIED fruit facers; long job; piece work.
Apply at Terminal Warehouse. 532 Townsend
St., immediately for registration.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove st«.
FIRST-CLASS starch work Ironers; also girls
to learn ironing; good wages. Apply La
Grande Laundry. 22S Twelfth st.
WANTED— Young girl for cooking and general
housework; small family; call Monday morn-
ing. 1S6C Vallejo st.
j GIRL wanted for general housework. MRS.
H., Ross station.
IRONER and girls to learn Ironing at St.
Nicholas Laundry, Seventeenth and Folsom.
OPERATORS on ladles' wear; In factory. 723
Market St.. room 35. (
IRONERS wanted on ladies' and children's
wear: to work In factory. 723 Mkt., room 35.
OPERATORS and finishers on custom coats
and Dants. 106 Battery st.
WANTED— First-class finisher on trousers;
steady work; wagea $10. 461& Minna st.
OPERATORS, button-hole makers, finishers &
apprentices; wagea learning. 509 Kearny. R. 2.
2 flIRLS; first-class Ironers; $30 and found.
French Steam Laundry, San Rafael.
WANTED— German or Swedish girl as house-
keeper. 612 Octavla St.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
728 Lyon st.
GIRL for cooking and general housework; $25;
Protestant preferred. 619 Hampshire, nr. 19th.
WANTED— Waitress. Hotel Repelier. 7S1 Sut-
ter St. ' .
SMALL girl; care fcr baby; good home. 106
Bernard St., near Broadway, off Jones.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' white
shirts. 835 Valencia et. '
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom at., bet. 13th and 14th sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
" HELP AVASTED-HALE.
COOK~foTl:entral America, fare paid, go to-
day; cook for miners. $30; cook, country
boarding-house, $40; hotel cook, $45; fry cook.
$45- second and third cooks; dishwashers:
bakers' helpers; waiters, country hotels and
restaurants, 525 and ?30 and found. J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY, 62S Sacramento st. .
10 LABORERS for brickyard, $30 and "found;
stout laborers for city. S40 and board: labor-
ers for mill and woods. $20 and $35 and
board and $2 day; woodsmen of all kinds;
slaughter-house butcher and stableman, $30
and founrl; 2 men and wives, $40 and $50;
married farmer, !25* and board and house
rent: milkers, $30 and board, steady jobs:
cheesemaker, $35; stablemen for city and
country, ?30 and board and $30; wheelwright
for ranch. $35 and board: blacksmiths, $2 and
board and $4 day; machine man for planlng-
mill, ?3 day; miners; carmen; muckers; la-
borers for mine, and many others. J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY. 623 Sacramento St.
WANTED • •••••
6 lumber pliers, $1 25 a day and board, fare
refunded: 2 farmers. Jl 50 a. day and board:
10 farmers, near city. $26; 4 farmers, steady
place, $26- 20 laborers for around mine, rock
crusher and brick yard. $25. $30, $35 and board;
miners and muckers, $2 50 and $2 a day:
blacksmith's helper on " rnnch. . $30; baker's
helper, country. $30; hostler, city, $50; 4 wait-
ers, country. $30; driver, city, $30. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
A— DAIRYMAN, springs. J25. fare here; waiter,
country hotel, $20; dishwasher. Fame place,
$17 DO, middle-aged German preferable; 2 ranch
hands, $25 each, see party here to-day: nlso
an elderly man to do chores, country. J10.
fare paid, good home. MISS CULLEN. 323
Sutter st. ¦
DAUBERS' Progress: ve Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. J<asle 161
FIRST-CLASS sober cook for Stockton: also
second: good wages. Apply C. H. DALY,
room 116, Winchester House, after 8 a. m.
' to-day. ¦ ' . .
YOUNG man (lively) for Stockton refreshment
stand, lemonade, milk shake, etc.; must be a
good spieler: references required. Apply C
H. DALY, room 116, Winchester House, after
8 a. m. , >
RELIABLE man to attend cash counter: look
after help in restaurant; as partner; $400 re-
quired; Al chance. 79 Third st.
BARBERS for city and country; fare paid.
Apply immediately, H. BERNARD, 104 7th.
WANTED— Walter; early; easy place. 1S30
Haight at.
HELP WANTED MALE.
; A— MURRAY~& READY 'Phone. Main 5S4S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Want 7 a. m. to-day »'••¦
; 72<i2 men for all parts of California. Utan,
; Washington. Arizona and Hawaiian Islands.
1 Oregon, Nevada and British Columbia. ...-•-•
i Free fare and office fee t only *i
And no other expenses to Los Angeles ana
i Santa Barbara districts; we ship you to-day,
9 a, m. and 5:30 p. m., for S. P. R. «•• , Ia *
. borers, teamsters $2 and $2 -o day
Free tare Free fare
Dunsmulr," Shasta and Truckee divisions; Salt
! Lake, Utah, division; Wadsworth, Nev.. di-
vision; Sacramento division.. Western division
All coast divisions of California •••••
1 Lborers and teamsters (office fee Jl), free fare
1 Again We Pay Your Fare
to 35 Sawmills, Etc
; ...|... No Experience Wanted
663 men for 60 different jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $26 to $40 per
month and found ••
Also lumber Dilers, bark peelers, $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, jackscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen, in
fact, we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc., $S0. $73. $90. $120, $«0.
$o0, $40, $30 and found: 584 woodahoppers. tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines,
$3, $2 GO. $2, $1 TO, $1 and 75c cord; shingle
joiner, shingle packer: 25 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare paid, $10 and found
E0 laborers, handy with hatchet, to build flume
$30, $35, $40 and found
50 berry pickers, piece work; can make good
wa ges
Haymaking and Harvest Crews
Header waijon drivers, $2 a day and found:
2S2 men to run mowers, rakes, pitch and work
in fields, header men. etc., $1 25, $1 50, ?2 day
and found; come and s,ee '.
Stables. Vineyards, Orchards
Gardens
16 stablemen, city and country jobs. $40. $35,
$30, $25 and found
129 vineyard and orchard hands, $35, $30. $20
and found; 5 gardeners. 1 stableman, all for
private families, $30. $25, $20 and found; come
and see
Dairies. Cheese Factories
39 milkers for different places. $35, $30 and
found; 5 butter makers and run separators,
boss here. $35 and found; 5 cheesemakers, dif-
ferent job?. $35 and $40 and found
MURRAY & RKADY. 634-636 Clay at.
A— MECHANICAL HELP •••
19 blacksmiths and horseshoers, $2 50 day. $60,
$70. $45. $35 and found; also 5 helpers, $12 a
week. $35 and found; carriage and wagon
painter, $40 and found; cooper to make butter
.Vs.' ' P." R. R.— Dlff e'r'ent ' Divisions
Free fare Ofnce fee $1
Section and reconstruction and new work
laborers; you'll suit; regular wages
50 laborers. S. P. R. R $2 day. free fare
Special Notice— Mines— Big Wages
35 laborers for mines, no experience required,
you'll suit, $40 to $1S per month and found]
20 miners, single hand 590 and $7j
Crowds going to gold mines
For a new mine
12 laborers, no experience, fare $2 £0, $34 and
found; 6 men and wives for ranches, $40, $o5,
$30 and found v\\"
Read these carefully
365 laborers and teamsters for all parts of Cali-
fornia, also mnny for San Francisco, $3, $2 50,
$2. ?1 75 day; many city Jobs, to board home.
For other poslttons come down and read bill-
boards.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOPER. $3 a day; woodworker, $2 60 day; 6
laborers for mine company, fare SOc, $30 and
found; 12 single-handed miners, fare $2 50, $60
and found
Coal miners, hard rock men, drillers, rock-
men, hammersmen. $2 25 day
Ohoreman and wife, mill company, $55 and
found; strong man for meat warehouse. $2 25
day. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter to assist on
bocks for lnr_e company, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BAKERS COOKS BUTCHERS
First and second baker, country shop, $50 and
$35 and found, fare paid; butcher, resort, $30
and found; cook and wife, $50 and found; 22
cooks, city and country hotels, restaurants,
boarding houses. $35 to $50 and found; cooks
for ranches and hay press; waiters, city and
country, springs and resorts, $,25 and $30;
bakers' helpers; laundry' help.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay st.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST
Men wanted
' Railroad work
Free fare Free fare Free fare
Direct ti the work
For the State or Nevada
j 100 teamsters, new work .....' $2 day
| 100 laborers, new road ...$2 day
One year's work
FOR THE COAST R. R.. CAL.
300 teamsters and laborers $2 day
FOR THE S. P. rTJmT CO.'S OWN CAMPS
Caiirornia
200 laborers $2 day
For quarrying, ballasting and track work.
For the S. P. R. R. Co.'s Different Divisions.
300 laborers $2 day
FOH RECONSTRUCTION. SECTION AND
NEW WORK.
Free fare Office fee $1 Free fare
FOR A NEW DAM
50 scraper teamsters $2 day
CO rock drillers $2 day
40 laborers $2 day
Board $4 50 a week
FOR SAWMILLS AXD WOODS
50 woodsmen and laborers. $30 to $45 and board
100 woodchoppers pine and cedar
4-foot wood $1 25 cord
20 quarrymen $2 25 day
50 farmhands, $1 and $1 25 per day and board
20 miners $2 50 day
cooks, waiters, bakerq and kitchen help of all
descriptions at going wages.
Apply to C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st., S. F.
A— BLACKSMITH; country. S2 50 to $3 a day;
2 blacksmithH. country. $40: blacksmith's
helper, country, $30; blacksmith's helper,
R. R. camp. $2 25 day. free fare; painter. In-
stitution. $25: brlcksetter, country, $50; gar-
dener and wife, country place. $50; vegetable
gardener. ?S0. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
A — MEAT cook, country hotel, $50; baker and
assist on range, springs. $43; third cook, coup-
try hotel, $35; baker. North, $17 a week; 10
dishwashers and kitchen-hands, $20, $25 and
$30
3 waiters, country. $30; 6 waiters, country
hotels. $25; 3 waiters, resort. $25: night porter,
country hotel. $20; porter, country hotel. $20;
houseman, country hotel, $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary 8t:
WANTED— Boy for delivery In a fruit ani*
produce business. Inquire 334 Devlsadero St..
near Oak. .
WANTED— 20 amateur musicians for National
Guard; band uniform provided. Apply 423
O'Farrell st^ :
WANTED — First-class clothing presser. Apply
at "IS MurUet st. at 8 o'clock.
WANTED— Bootblack; wages $10 a week; at
Russ House barber shop.
GOOD barber wanted. 1759 Union St.. cor. of
Octavia.
DISHWASHER wanted at 611 Larkln Rt.
YOUNG man to help in saloon; must be quick
and neat. 1053 Market st.
GOOD dishwasher wanted at once. 204 Sixth
street.
GROCERY clerk wanted; no bar; German pre-
ferred; references. 2<20 California st.
"WAITER wanted and lunch waiter. 500 "Twen-
tieth St.. Potrero.
GOOD young disher at 1201 Fillmore st.. corner
of Turk.
yiSIIWASHER wanted. 44S Third st.
NIGHT cook wanted. Oakland Coffee and
Lunch House. 6 East Et.
WANTED— Blacksmith's wagon helper. 316
McAllister st.
$150— BARBER shop:, best location on Market
St.; cheap rent. 1542 Market st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and rpeak Kngllsh properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis ft.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
530 K St.. Sacramento. Cal. •
MEN' wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special inducements this season; only
institution In the world teaching this trade:
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633
Clay st. . .
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; 8 weeks
required: commission while learning: easy
terms; transportation paid. Gordon Barber
College. 417 N. Main st., Los Angeles.
WANTED — 2 and 4 hor^e teamsters; apply
early Monday at 517 14th St.. near Guerrero.
San Francisco Construction Company.
WASHER and starcher wanted:^good wages to
I the right man. Apply at STANFORD HAND
LAUNDRY. Palo Alto. _
WANTED— A good errand and stock boy: city
references required. Apply at E. MES-
SAGER'S cloak store, 145 Post st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
STEADY shoemaker on repairing; $3 to $10 a
week. 2140 Fillmore st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 25c to
60c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MAN or bey to do janitor work for tuition at
Ran Francisco Barber School, 741A Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
*asn prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
HELP WANTED MALE.
"WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor. »tlll
runs Denver House. 217 Third at.; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; 11 to |2 per week.
SPEND your vacation profitably; combine busi-
ness with pleasure: light work; good pay.
THE J. DEWING CO.. Flood building. S. F.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 18
. years' practice; Examiner bids.
"WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 23c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencla st. j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagoM, *_?«_*••
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
tn Sixth st.; auction salss every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTY' S. 2170 Market st.; Castro-
st. cars pass the door.
HORSES— Youngrwell broken, for all purposes,
cheap: best In city. 721 Howard St.. nr. Third.
FOR rale— 2 extra fln» carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate av«.
GOOD mare: cheap. Inquire stables. 1715 Sac-
ramento st.
FOR sale— Cood family cow. 423 Corbett road.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE and stable: cottage of 6 room «: reason-
able. Inquire ?20H Jessie St.. oft Ninth.
VAN NESS. 2102. near Pacific— House of: 10
rooms. Apply room 141. Murphy building.
LOST AXD iFOl'.SD.
LOST^Fox~terrTer: answers name of Nettle;
brown ears; brown spot In center of fore-
head; brown spot on tail; reward. Return to
New Western Hotel.
LOST— Whalebone whip, ivory handle: lady
carved on handle; reward. Return Fashion
Stable. 221 Ellis st.
LOST— A feather boa on Twenty-first St., bet.
Mission and Bryant. Return to 11 Thirtieth
St.; liberal reward.
LOST— A diamond fly pin; liberal reward. 1S18
Buchanan st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of- San Francisco, In the
name of MAGGIE OLSEN, No. 233-471- The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Tuesday, ladles' gold watch and chain;
initials L. S. C. on one side; other 5 small
diamonds: liberal reward. E. LA VALLEE.
810 Valencia st.
LOST— Diamond monogram pin. C. B. ; reward
120. Return to Yellowstone, 22 Montgomery.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 193-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
tern. linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ?hlp everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 102? Mission st.. above
Sixth: write for catalogue.
FOR eale— IS tons 12-lb. steel T-rails, with flsh
plates and bolts: but little used. Address
Rails, box 26S6. Call office.
GENUINE Lamalr field and marine glass with
leather case for $14; almost new; has oris-
Inally cost $26. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear «t.
BEAUTIFUL pair of Shetland ponies; also
single driver; harness and cart. 1C74 East
Twenty-first St.. Oakland^
YOUNG Durham cow: calf 9 days old; milks
20 quarts daily; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
CANARY birds; good singers. Come, see and
buy them of LOHMANN, 316S Sixteenth st.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced price.
$73 : concert records. $1 CO. Bacigalupl. 953 Mkt.
INCUBATOR, 200-egg size; good order. Box
2924. office.
FOR SALE— Schoaner. about 12 tons: four years
old; very cheap. J. HIATT. "S3 Mission st.
A— 13 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Plr.e.
NEW 20-llght T. and H. arc light dynamo with
regulator, complete. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planerw; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Baale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 flre and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. JS 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery »t.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for 12 50.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand: moving
pictures. BCLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burg-
lar proof safe. 21S California tt. '
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planeff and matcher: 1
air compressor: 6 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent tr» any address In the
United States or Canada on* year for tl.
MISCELLA.\EOIS WA.\TS.
WILL pay cash for few nice diamonds. Box
2700, Call office.
WILL. Pay cash for old sealskins. Box 4319,
Call office.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 710 Market st.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DrTkOHlI only^ reliable ladles' special-
ist of long and successful practice. Guaran-
teed treatment at office, J5; home In confine-
ment; best care: consultation free and con-
fidential. 466 Eddy St.. bet. Leaven worth and
Hyde; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. Sundays 10 to 4.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Write or call at
1023H Market »t.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
has returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure !5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home: low fees. 1007H Market St.. near 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office, }5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fldentlal. 942 Post St.. b*t.|Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. M. ALLEN." 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; home in confinement; safe and reli-
able; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market: ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated; late sci-
entific methods: treatment. $5.
Y S— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles'* specialists.
HIS Market St.; every case guaranteed; $"» up.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reason-
able. 2012 Folsom St. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the humnn body. 115 Mason st.
BIOXEY TO LOAX.
HEIRS to unsettled estates In probate can re-
ceive cash at once; also first or second mort-
gage loans on real estate, furniture and
pianos; no removal; prompt dealing; no
charge unless loan Is granted. EQUITABLE
LOAN CO.. room 603. Examiner building.
ANY amount at C per cent; 1st. 2d ar.d 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages: life insurance. Room 16. first
floor. Chronicle bis., HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 84S Market
st ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOANS made on furniture at 1» 2 per cent: also
loans to salaried people. HABSHBARGEK
322 Ellis «., room 34.
MOST reliable place to borrow on. diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old sold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quick
service; money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
63 and 69. Ponohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. solves all kinds of
. financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONET loaned salaried people without security
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrot hi?.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; n Ki
commission: private. LICK. IIS McAllister.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indors-r.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MO.VEY WASTED.
MONEY wanted— JCO on cottage an<1 lot. ]
years, at 7 l s per cent. Address box 27S7, Call
office, Oakland.
MUSICAL INSTRCME.VTsI
PIANOS at cost: owing to the dull season now
upon us we are accumulating a large stock ,-,*
rental pianos; these, together with a nurr.;>r
of samples sent us from factory, will b*
closed out regardless of profit: a better op-
portunity has never been offered: terms v?-y
liberal. BKNJ. CURTAZ & SON. IS O'Far-
rell st.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS!! BARGAINS:::
$123. $175. J2C0. $£>0.
BUT NOW— DON'T WAIT.
MAUVAIS'. -.53 Market gt.
PACKARD PIANOS and ORGANS. '
Latest Improvements: Finest Tone.
Most Beautiful Cases. Fair Prices.
MAUVAIS' MUSIC CO.. 763 Market rt.
PAYMENTS accepted for all kinds of Musical
Instruments. If you don't want to pay ca3h
at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market St. ' '
AS we represent the best make of pianos !n
every grade, from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealer^
we are the people from when you shou'ii
purchase; new upright pianos. |>> cash, $t> pep
month: other pianos *3. {1 and J5 per 'month*
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway DealerV
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco-
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland. *
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou~ >
weet of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
2fi, 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs an.X
all other musical instruments of all gradej
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
BARGAIN! " '
J22C0 cash, balance J1S0O can remain at • pe?
cent; house of 5 flats; brick foundation; 2
blocks from new City Hall; oa small street;
Income J4J> monthly. Box 2910, Call of3ce.
ONE Steinway. 1 Chickertner, JIM; Install.— ent3
Jo to $10; rent $2 up: HEINE'S. 136 E11U st.
GOOD upri.crht piano; $75. Call evenings. 1Z23O
Howard st.
SYMPHONIUM music box for sale or exciangj
at Russ House barber shop.
FOR sale— Violin; Maggini; good tone; dieap.
25CT 1 -, Mission St.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. H_n!l-
ton pianos. SOS Post st.
BARGAINS— A few pianos will bo sold th!s
week for storage: offers wanted (cash or In-
stallments). Wilson's Storage Ca, 1710 Mrkt.
FINE Krell upright piano at a great bargain,
STATHAM. 106 McAllister st.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos. $3 payments |
for rent. $2 up. BRUENN. 20S Post st.
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. SCHMITZ* 19
McAllister st., next Hibernla Ba^v.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. II.
ML'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham p'.a^>?.
OFFICES A.ND STORES— TO LET.
j30_STABLE with S stalls; large yard; store
and 3 rooms In front and upper flat of 5
rooms: as a whole or In part; will repair
to suit tenant. Apply LANDRY C. BABIN.
413 Kearny st.
MIDDLE loft; 20x12-); office or factory; power
available; light all over. 573 Mission St., op-
poslte Wells. Fargo fc Co.
WANTED— A small store suitable for coffee
saloon in good location; state term a. Eos
I 2690, Call office.
LARGE stores and sunny offices near Hall of
Justice. Court block. BABIN. 4T? Kearny s:.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 3. 618 Geary, nr. Jones.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. ",15
Tavlor St.. bet. Oary ,fr Post: phone Black "1.
PASTURAGE.
300 TO 500 acres green pasture, clover and w:H
grasses mixed, fcr hoi-ien or cattle. For
ter— s apply A. P. FULLER. Antloch. Cai.
PEIISOMALS.
IF you go to LEDERER'S
You are sure of having
Toar hair dressed correctly.
The very latest hair styles, 23c.
Lederer's Qulntonlca Kair Tonic, 53c
Lederer's Fcamo Shampoa only 5o package.
Lederer's Hair Store. 123 Stockton st.
ACADEMY for the new science of healing
without operations; before you unilerso aa
operation give us a call; consultation free.
DR. WM. SCHMITT. 527 Post st.
PARALYSIS positively cured, also nervous,
skin, and luntc diseases, rheumatism, ossifica-
tion and stiff joints; no driiBs: no knife. Dlt.
L J. STRATTON. 507-303 Parrott bldg.. over
Emporium. San Francisco: consultation fre-->.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third »t.. near Market: 70O rooms;
25c to $1 50 per nl«?ht; $1 50 to $5 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
USE Lillie Webb's soap, made from olive ells,
roots and herbs; l^c at druggists: agents
wanted. 14 Grant ave.. Robertson & Co.. 2 to 4.
AN elegant suit for $10 73 fro— 1— ported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS. 1U7 Market et. w
betwjen Seventh and Eighth.
MEDIUM size upright piano, beautiful tor.!*,
hand3_m e case, offered this week for J1C0.
Room 12. Flood building.
$1 £0 MISSES' kid shoes tor SOc a pair at THQ
BEE HIVE SHOE CO.. 717 Market, nr. Third.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and m a~ iet!cs
treatment. S50 Market at., second floor, nn. 27.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jess:e st.
GOOD upright pian» for $71 Call evenings a:
1523C Howard tt.. bet. Eleventh and Twelfth.
FULL-DRESS and other suits bought: also oM
Bold. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton st.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott's Curling Fluid: iZc bottle; druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old cold and silver bought:
send postal. COLEMAX'3. 503 Kearny St.
G D. MORSE, photographer. 2606 Pacific av*.,
between Pierce and Scott: phone Steiner 3231.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought anl
gold. Stiver— an. 984 Folaom. tel. Folsom U3i.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekr*
Call. 18 pases, ee nt to any address la t_t
United States or Canada one year for fi.
PHOTOGRAPHIC st'PPia ES^
\ra loan kodaks" free; photo supptles. Backus
gtadlo. 11 Geary st.. ground and top floors.
PJIYSICIAXS AXD SCRGEOXS.
DR C. C O'DONNELL— Of flc» and residence.
103m Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
A— $12 50 a month will buy a ho— » half blocle
from Mission st.: all new and modern; It con-
tains 4 rocms and bath. S. DUCAS. U Mont-
gomery st.
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices: plans and estimates furnished for ail
building work. CAMPBELL. 1117 Mission st.
JL SNAP— $125: lota near school. ICxHj. Apply
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa gt.. Ocean View.
REAL. ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
FOR SALE— Good-p3ylns: Investment; country
hotel; rented at $00. For particulars apply at
southwest corner Eddy ar.d Taylor sts.
HOME 1n Salinas; will exchange for San Fran-
cisco property. Address box 2638. Call office.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. 2326—2 sunny front roomT"fumishe4 for
light housekeeping; adults only.
CHESTNUT. 293] North Beach — Furnished
housekeeping room; cheap; fine view; sunry.
EIGHTH. 24B— One or two sunny bedrooms
with kitchen furnished for housekeeping;
bath; Drivate family.
FOLSOM. 525-Large sunny furnished room;
light hou^eketpiRg; $1 ZO week.
FOLSOM. 77GVi— 2 neatly furnished connecting
housekeping rooms; also 1 sinsle. room.
FOLSOM, 834 — Large sunny housekeeping room;
stove; closet; bath; private; $1 50 week.
FULTON. 12C6. near Scott— 3 suny unfurnished
rooica; bath: laundry; reasonable
GROVE. 104— Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
aow rooms for housekeeping; also tlngla
onea; moderate rates: central.
GROVE. «4S-To let: a first floor of 4 rooms.
nicely furnished for housekeepin?-
HARRISON, 946— Furnished rooms for house- .
Keeping; also sinsle rooms.
HICKORY ave.. JS1. near Gough— Two larsa
sunny furnished housekeeping rooms; S3.Steamer Movements.
SPOKEN.
I Per Br ship Lord Elcln— May 23—16 14 N 124 47
W, Ger bark Rennee Rickmers, from Che
malnus for Hull.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE-Sailed June 15-Stmr Al-Kl, for
Skagruay; stmr Newsboy, for Nome.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed June 17— Br stmr
Energla, for Australia.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 17— Br bark East
African, for Queenstown; Etmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Franclfco .
COOS BAY— Sailed June 17— Stmr Empire, for
San FranclFCO.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived June 17— Schr G
W Watson, from Honolulu.
Sailed June 17— Schr Wm II Smith, for Hono
lulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 5— Ship Geo Cur
tis, hence May 19.. June 6 — Stmr Australia, he
Sailed June C— Ship Hecla. for Royal Roads.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed June 17— Str Ken
sington, from Antwerp for New York.
DOVER — Passed June 17 — Stmr Noordland, fm
New York for Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived June 17-Str Bar
barossa. from New York for Bremen.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 17— Stmr Sax
onia from Boston for Liverpool, and proceeded.
Sailed June 17— Stmr Lucanla, from Liver
pool for New York.
BOUTHAMPTON-Salled June 17 — Stmr
Bremen, from Bremen for New \ork.
\EW YORK— Arrived June 17— Stmr Rotter
dam from Rotterdam and Boulogne; stmr
Thlnpvalla, from Stettin, Christiana, etc; stmr
Fumessla. from Glasgow and Moville.
POINT LOBOS— June 17. 10 p m— 'Weather
hazy; wind northwest; velocity 12 miles. y
TELEGRAPHIC,
SAILED.
Sunday, June 17.
Ftmr Arcata, Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr Bonlta, Nleolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons, Eureka,
Htmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka.
Ship Spartan. Polite. Seattle.
Schr Eva. Ramsellus. Kahulul.
Schr Rosamond, Ward, Honolulu.
Schr Corinthian. Korth, Bowens Landing,
Schr Esther Buhne. Salvei-en, Eureka.
Schr Sparrow. Dart, Eureka.
I ™ *
ARRIVED.
Sunday, June 17.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 10 days 12 hours from
Honolulu.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld, SO hours from
Seattle.
Strnr Xavarro, Jensen, 10 hours from Bowens
Landlnc-
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 20 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 15 hours from Green
wood.
Stmr Cleone, Madsen. 13 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. -0 hours from Monterey.
Br ship Manydown, Evans, 13S days from
Hamburc.
Dr ship Lord Elgin, Sangster, 134 days from
A ntwerp.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Colstrup. 14 hours fm
FiEks Mill.
Schr S T Alexander, Ipsen, IS days from Ka
nulut.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, 9 hours from Fort
Ross.
Shipping Intelligence.
ro sail
Meyer and Sophie Lajdo to Morris Lando. un
divided half of lot on NE corner of Ellis and
Octavia streets. E 27:8 by N 87:6 $10.
Thomas B. Keeslng to Rosetta Keesing
(wife), lot on W line of Lacuna street, 100 N
of Green, N 23 by AV 137:6; gift.
EllFha and Ellen Brooks to William A. Ma
gee. lot on N line of Broadway, 257:6 XV of
Baker street. W 51:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Lonls and Jennie Frledlander to Henry V.
B. and Mary Parker, lot on S line of Fif
teenth. SS W of Noe. W 52 by S 55; J10.
Alice E. Blythe von Brahmstead to Hiram A.
TTnruh. lot on S line of Geary street. 30:5 W of
Kenrny. S 50.0*i. SW 3S4:10 T *. W 40:l>4 N 20o
K 60. K 20. W 80, N 50. E 135:6, S 74:6, W 30
S 3, E 5<>:fi. N 77:6, E 156:6; also leasehold in
terest In* lot on HE corner of Dupont and Geary
streets, E 40, R 50, E 20, S 20, W 60. N 70; $1.
Ellas J. Baldwin to same, same (2 pieces),
quitclaim deed; 11.
James Norton tn Sarah Norton, lot on NW
line of Tehama street, 125 NE of Sixth NE 25
by NW 75; 1350, •
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Thomas
W. and Chris C. Rivers, lot on E line of San
Bruno avenue (Nebraska), 75 N of Twentieth
(NapaV N 25 by E 100; $10.
Mary E. Hill to John H. Coult, lot on SE
line of Buena Vista avenue, 115:1174 NE of Park
Hill. E 11, N S:5Vi. SW 12:3Vi, block E, Park
Hill Homestead 2; $300.
Alameda County.
Catherine /Ciegenbeln (widow) to Olof Carl
son, lot on E line of Campbell street, 75 S of
Thirteenth. H 2"i by E 110, balng lot 22 block
726H. to correct 323 D. 374, quitclaim deed Oak
land; $1.
Robert H. Gans. Piedmont Paving Company
E. F. Brown, Niels Larsen and Minta Larsen
(by W. S. Harlow, commissioner) to Piedmont
Pavinsr Company, lot 1, block V, Revised MaD
of Oakland Heights, Oakland: $1349.
Mary A. Elwood to Mathew Elwood, lot on
N line of Fifth street, 75 E of Clay, E 23 by N
100. bfinp lot 2S. block 53. Oakland; gift.
J. N. Bailey to Precious B. Pruett. lot on S
comer ot East Twentieth or Humbert street
and Eighth avenue or Fremont street. PE 130
by SW M, block 118, Clinton, East Oakland
t2S50.
J. McMullen to Ell Harrington, lots 7, 8 and
9, block B, Chrlstianla Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Joseph Goebbels to Rudolph Go»bbels, lot on
S line of Falrvtew street. 150.65 E of Raymond,
E 40 by S 125. being lot 5, Alcatraz Tract.
Berkeley; also lot on S line of Falrvlew street!
122.45 E of Raymond, E 28.20, S 125, E 200 S
62M3, AV 213.50, N lS8.g6 to beginning, portion of
same. Berkeley; $400.
John Capurro to Louisa- Capurro, lot on W
line of Eighth street, 336.55 8 of Channing way
S 37.50 by W 135, being lot 16 and N % of lot
17. block 13o, on Corrected Map of Avery Tract,
Berkeley; eift.
Mistakes.
It is a great mistake to set up our
standard of right or wrong and judge peo
ple accordingly.
To measure the enjoyment of others by
our own.
To expect uniformity of opinion in this
world.
To endeavor to mold all dispositions
alike, ¦w,^.
Not to yield to immaterial trifles.
To look for perfection in our own ac
tions.
To worry ourselves and others with
what cannot be remedied.
Not to make allowances for the infirm
ities of others. .
To consider everything impossible which
we cannot perform.— Buffalo Times.
PALACE HOTEI
O W Butler. St Paul
T H -Wyenonke. En<?ld
A R Casson, England
F R Worthing. Engld
U M I»eser, S W
Mrs Loeser, S W
E O'Keefe. Mo
Mrs O'Keefe. Mo
H B Kennlon. N Y
G W Walfnrd. Antwp
E W Mason. Lop Ang
J A Chanflnr. I^os Ang
H A Strauss. N Y
E M Lyon, Redlands
Mrs Lyon. Redlands
F W Blossom, Brklyn
Mrs Blossom. Brookln
O Gramm, Wyo
Edith Gramm. Wyo
Mrs F Marriott. Wyo
Mrs M Trittscheller.O
A M Bf.rnum. L Ang
Mrs Barnum. Los Ang
E S McMurtrle. Pa
Clara McMurtrle. Pa
E Plaidens. Pa
R Mosnly. Vlsalla
W M Mllstead. N Y
Mrs A Chandye. N Y
H Pennock. Oakland
Mrs Pennock. Oakland
H Staackmann, N Y
Ruth Lyon, Redlands
MIfs Brooks, Redlands
H F Grant. Pa
W Kleinberer, Wash
II W Markley,' Seattle
I>r C J Fetah. B C
Mrs Fe^an, B C
J M Miller Jr. Tacoma
Mrs T Anelin, N Y
Miss M Anelin, N Y
Miss Elllston. N Y
Henry Miller. N Y
O T Weller, Boston
C A Whitlntr, N Y
C H Hegbey, N Y
A Lymbach. Chicago
J A Seoulveda, L An;
Mrs Sepulveda. L Ans
W T Rich. Boston
R M Davidson, Boston
T R Cutler. Utah
D A Wilklns, Chicago
K F Preston. Portola
Mrs Preston. Portola
R II Henon. Los Ang
Mrs Henon, Los Ang
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs R Felt. Eureka
Dr A M Hendersen.Sac
Mrs J R CJarnett. Cal
T Hocan. I»s Ang
J B Poharf, Md
C M Haker, Los Ang
P. A Pern'. Oakland
L Crowley, San Jose
J F Andersen. Sn Jose
W A I>ola.n. Sacto
F LInck, Cal
L Kirsehbaum. Omaha
F E Curtis, L"s Ang
Mrs R D Curtis. Cal
O L Curtis, Walters
K J Dubols. Paris
J C Hoxie & w. Fresno
L A Franklin. Boston
J E Hobhp. Boston
Miss Hnbb*. Poston
Ml.«=s B R Swift. Boston
W L Ashe- & W. Cal
W W Ashe. Cal
G Ma-irtlaro. Gr Van
Dr C A Harrison, Yrek
A K Barrett. Tacoma
Mrs Johnson, Portland
II D Tracy. San Jo*e
N E Diltmar. Reddln*
Mrs M Barton, Ls An»
E W Witmer. Placervl
I A Benton & w. Utah
W D Plnkston. Aubrn
S V Lauphlln & w, Cal
E W Andrews. Ls Ang
H Arden. New York
T L Neal. Los Angr
C A Palm. Sacto
J Smith. Salt Lake
J A Miller. Nev
W S Mellck. Pasadena
C H Rooder. Madera
V Jackson & w. Colo
P K Sweltzer. Minn
W D Harper. Alaska
W S Green, Colusa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
A Sylvester. S Rosa
J Galln. Stockton
W Rose. Rodeo
F Gav, Merced
J Mulroy. Pan Mateo
J Gallaghan, Chicago
S Renchini. Italy
G \V Jackson. S Berdn
C T Work & fm, Colo
G Rivers. San Antonio
Mrs K Henderson, Ala
C F Ross & fm. L A
A II Longley & fm.LA
W H Chapmapn, Sac
G R Beebe, N Y
P Klne. Galway, Ire
> «
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second tima column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charta. except
wheii a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low water*.
MONDAY. JUNE IS.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort PoUU, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high snd low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-Vive minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Monday, with fog in the afternoon or night;
fresh west wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Arizona— Fair Monday-
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
northern portion of the Pacific Slope and fair
over the southern portion. Light rain has
fallen in the western portions of Washington
and Oregon. _
The pressure is rising along the North Pa
clfilc coast and falling; over the plateau re-
E There "has been a general rise In tempera
ture west of the Rocky Mountains.
Conditions are favorable for cloudy or foggy
weather along the California coast and partly
cloudy weather in the interior Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight June IS:
Northern California— Generally cloudy or
foggy along the coast and partly cloudy In
the interior: fresh west wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh west
Nevada— Partly cloudy and somewhat threat
ening Monday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Monday.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, 64; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 17, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 661 Independence 86
San LulsOblspo .... S-ljTuma ....v. 100
Pan Diego 63! Sacramento' fcs
Red Bluff SalFresno 92
Mount Tamalpais.... 72'Los Angeles SO
Weather Report.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX., MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1900.
Sun) Moon and Tide. '
TO ARRIVE.
9
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon rises
, 4:47
7:34
11:13 p. m.
0 jTime Time
g. I Ft.
a |H W L. W
Time Time
Ft. Ft. Ft.
II W I/W
18 ... i:54| 4.8 9:13
19 ... 4:08 4.4 10:05
20 ... 5-30 4.2| 11.00
L. W }H W
21 ... 0:29 -0.9 6:52
22 ... 1:32 0.21 8:11!
23 ... 2:31 —0.3 9:21i
24 ... 3:23 —0.7 10:221
I
0.5 4:20 6.5 10:19 2.1
1.0. 6:02 5.6 11:23 1.5
1.6 5:49 5.S
h W H W
4.0 11:55 2.1 6:36 6.0
4.0 12:50 2.5 7:24 6.3
4.2 l:4o! 2.8| 8:11 6.4
4.3 2:40| 3.0' 9:00| 6.5
Steamer. From. Due.
Coos Bay Newport June 18
W. H. Krugrer. San Pedro June IS
TVashtenaw Tacoma [June IS
Robt. Adamson Nanalmo |june IS
»ru New York June 1j
Doric China and Japan June 13
Australia Honolulu June 19
State of Cal Portland June 19
Del Xorte Portland June 19
Empire Coos Bay June 19
Universe Oyster Harbor June 13
Corona iSan Diego I June 29
Orizaba Huraboldt iJune 2;>
Crescent City... 'Crescent City ljune 21
Umatllla IVictoria & Pujjet SoundiJune 21
Wellington ]Oy5ter Harbor JJune 21
Bonlta ! Newport (June 22
Point Arena 'Mendoclno Uune 22
North Fork iKureks IJune 22
Arrata ICoos Bay IJune 2!
Matteawan 'Taroma JJune 22
Santa Rosa iSan Df«>KO IJune »4
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. June 18. 2 pmlPJer 2
Cltyof Para New York June IS. 12 mjPMSS
Santa Rosa Pan Dleito I.Tune IS. 11 am'Pfer 11
Krufrer (Tlllamook I June IS. 12 miPler 2
Carlisle Cty China /t Japan! June 19. 10 ami Pier 27
Wai. Walla Vie & Pxt Sd. June 20. 11 amIPIer i»
Coon Bay...lNewport '.Tune 20. SamlPlerll
Del Norte...|Coos Bay (June 21, S amJPler 20
Corona iSan DieKO 'June 21. 11 amiPler 11
State of CalJPortland I.Iune 22. 11 amjPler 24
China |Chlna& Japan! June 22 IPMS3
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. June 18. 2 pmlPJer 2
Cltyof Para New York June IS. 12 mjPMSS
Santa Rosa Pan Dleito I.Tune IS. 11 am'Pfer 11
Krufrer (Tlllamook I June IS. 12 miPler 2
Carlisle Cty China /t Japan! June 19. 10 ami Pier 27
Wai. Walla Vie & Pxt Sd. June 20. 11 amIPIer i»
Coon Bay...lNewport '.Tune 20. SamlPlerll
Del Norte...|Coos Bay (June 21, S amJPler 20
Corona iSan DieKO 'June 21. 11 amiPler 11
State of CalJPortland I.Iune 22. 11 amjPler 24
China |Chlna& Japan! June 22 IPMS3
Steamer. From. Due.
Coos Bay Newport June 18
W. H. Krugrer. San Pedro June IS
TVashtenaw Tacoma [June IS
Robt. Adamson Nanalmo |june IS
»ru New York June 1j
Doric China and Japan June 13
Australia Honolulu June 19
State of Cal Portland June 19
Del Xorte Portland June 19
Empire Coos Bay June 19
Universe Oyster Harbor June 13
Corona iSan Diego I June 29
Orizaba Huraboldt iJune 2;>
Crescent City... 'Crescent City ljune 21
Umatllla IVictoria & Pujjet SoundiJune 21
Wellington ]Oy5ter Harbor JJune 21
Bonlta ! Newport (June 22
Point Arena 'Mendoclno Uune 22
North Fork iKureks IJune 22
Arrata ICoos Bay IJune 2!
Matteawan 'Taroma JJune 22
Santa Rosa iSan Df«>KO IJune »4
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon rises
, 4:47
7:34
11:13 p. m.
0 jTime Time
g. I Ft.
a |H W L. W
Time Time
Ft. Ft. Ft.
II W I/W
18 ... i:54| 4.8 9:13
19 ... 4:08 4.4 10:05
20 ... 5-30 4.2| 11.00
L. W }H W
21 ... 0:29 -0.9 6:52
22 ... 1:32 0.21 8:11!
23 ... 2:31 —0.3 9:21i
24 ... 3:23 —0.7 10:221
I
0.5 4:20 6.5 10:19 2.1
1.0. 6:02 5.6 11:23 1.5
1.6 5:49 5.S
h W H W
4.0 11:55 2.1 6:36 6.0
4.0 12:50 2.5 7:24 6.3
4.2 l:4o! 2.8| 8:11 6.4
4.3 2:40| 3.0' 9:00| 6.5
REV. EDWARD EVERETT HALE,
D.D.,
Boston.
COLONEL THOS. W. HIGGINSON,
Cambridge, Mass.
ELIZABETH STUART PETELPS,
Boston.
• F. HOPKINSON SMITH,
New York City.
HARRIET PRESCOTT SPOFFORD,
Washington, D, C.
FRANK A. VA1TDEELIP,
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury.
G. STANLEY HALL, LL.D.,
President Clark University.
PROFESSOR LEWIS E. GATES,
Harvard University.
PROFESSOR JAMES ' F. KEMP,
Columbia University.
ALBERT S. BOLLES, LL.D.,
Haverford College.
JESSE MACY, LL.D.,
Iowa College. -
WILLIAM J. ROLFE, LITT. D.,
Cambridge, Mass.
O. P. AUSTIN,
Chief of the Bureau of Statistics.
a. c. Mclaughlin, ll.d.,
University of Michigan.
MARGARET AINSLEE,
Philadelphia.
PROFESSOR G. R. CARPENTER,
Columbia University.
REV. LYMAN P. POWELL,
Author of American Historic Town
Series.
JAMES A. WOODBURN, Ph. D.,
Indiana University.
WILLIAM HOUSTON, M. A.,
MacMaster University, Toronto.
GEORGE M. WRONG, M. A.,
University of Toronto.
CHARLES H. SMITH, LL D.,
Yale University.
PAUL C. FREER, Ph. D., M. D.,
University of Michigan.
ROBERT M. TOOKER, M. D.,
Chicago.
OSCAB H. ALI.IS, M. D. f
Philadelphia.
WILLIAM HOWE DOWNES,
Art Editor. "Boston Transcript."
ARTHUR HOEBER,
Art Editor New York "Commercial
Advertiser."
SUMMER TERM COURSES,
....19OO....
THE CALL'S HOME STUDY
CIRCLE SERIES.
—TO THE •
CONTRIBUTORS
UOO31S FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
iiovr a KL>. iriH— Unfurnished housekeeping;
slso lurnished lront room*; rent cheap.
MAP.KET. 11Z%. nrar Fth— 2 sunny front con-
necting rocir.s. Jli M to J 1^; 2 roome. $7.
MAUKHT. 16TS— Laree suanv alcove and kltch-
en, 130; bedroem and kitchen. $7: furnished.
MINNA, fl fTimny furnished housekeeping and
t:r.Ele rooms; Tic and Jl per week.
MISSION. Mi— Nice front room, with folding
lw-d and kitchen; complete for housekeeping.
OAK. IIS— Sunny front room furnished for
ttousekepiOa?: K: basement room. same. SI.
PBOSPECT place. Ii3. ofT California, nr. Pow-
<*!1 — 1 or 2 rooms an<] kitchen. $10 to $13; ma-
rine view; Banny; no other roomers.
t-ACRAMENTO. 1M4. bot. Hyde and Larkln-
I-arp<\ punny. front bay-window room cn »ec-
ond floor; clerar.tly fumiehed; modern.
t^OUTU PARK. 184— Two Funny front rooms,
r.icply furnished for housekeeping.
BUTTpH. Elcrar.t mites; sunny rooms for
scr.t!«nen: also other rooms.
TI'FJK. £43 — Sunny bedroom and kitchen, com-
rlPte for housekeeping; pas stove and bath;
J3 25 week.
T^'ITirPT-THIRL). 37r«. near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice. neat, complete.
A BRANCH offlc« for Call ad\-ertleementa and
• ..: - r:; t : r* has been eEtabliEhed at lO&i Va-
Irnrla Ft
nOOMS TO LET Porn, and I'nfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOtrsH 148 Sixth— Rooms
Uc to {1 per niRht. U to $5 per week, and
Iip5:t hcusckr-eplng; open all nltht.
AN *>Kant Bnaay i=ulte for gfr.tlemen; JS5.
A^drets box 1S-I9. Call office.
BARTLETT. 1C2, r.ear Xd— Sunny front alcove
room. With board: hut and cold water.
BUBSJSTT, Hit Marktt- st. «old No. 1364)— Fur-
r.ifh rr.j£.. cultee. eingle; also unfurnished.
EDDT. :0i~. rear— Nice sunny furnished- ccr-
r.er room; reasonable.
Ft 'LPOM. SC5. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
r.Shed mnsy rooTis. single or suites; reasonbl.
roriiTH. S^H— Nicely furnished bay-window
end Elnsie rooms; moderate; quiet.
OEARY. 405 <The Navarre)— Elepantly furnished
rooms; mites or single; travelers acco'dated.
GEARY, 6*3 — Front alcove room; pleasant; rent
roasunable; private.
CHARY, SW& (Saratoga Court)— Sunny room.
newly furn; large closet; $4; German family.
COLDEN GATE ave.. 757— Nicely furnished
front rooir.; bath; pentleman; private; reas.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
end Mission Fts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
flncle; ladies' parlor; reading: room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOCSE. 7F1 Mission St.— Select fam-
i!y rooming house; $1 50 to S6 per week.
HARRISON. 7S44. nr. Fourth— Finely furnished
Fur.ny ronn-.s; bath; all conveniences; home-
like; II week 09-
31OTEL Francisco— Elecant suites; sincle: tran-
ti*r.t; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, ???, cor. 6th— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms reasonable; by day. week or month.
LKAVENWORTH. 410—1 laree. tunny unfur-
M1NNA, CC7, ccr. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room, tl I*t week; transient.
MISSION, £."•* — Rooms, tingle or en suite; also
hou<«ekeepirjr.
MISSION. 1S14. near Eleventh— Eunny cheer-
ful room; 1 cr I persons; SI !<0 week; rrlvate
<*\aUy.
?COB Hill — To let. 2 nicely furnished rooms;
moJorat^ terms: private family.. Apply at S2i
California *t., below Powell.
Oak. rs5— Larre* front rrom; nicely furnished;
j-'H!-; hath: private family; cheap.
("TAVIA. J4C3 oorner Geary — Sunny furnished
r»ay- window; fraa burners; 1 or I; $10.
O'FARKELL. TO— Funny furnished rooms and
rff.et-?; elpvator: electric lichts; day, wk.. mo.
J'ARTLT furnished cottate cn Ocean boule-
vard, r.r. etreet <-ars; fli. Inquire MSB Taylor.
POLX. 15K'— I^arpe room, with every conven-
ience; i«-iard r,r housekeeping; $«! per month.
POWELL. i:i— Ltrht. clean rms.. suites or sin-
pi*: transient; running water: rates reduced.
-¦.¦ lEEDALE House. 219 and 321 Ellis et.— Room*,
r.i^ht. :^c to \l; week, tl T, to 14; open night.
JiOTAL HOUSE. IK EUis et.— Incandescent
licht, reaiinjr room, smokini? room and ladies'
jarlor: rof>ms>. per r.lfjht. Sac to tl 50: w«k $3
m }i; month I* to *20: elevator on offlce floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
FHEKMAN Arartm<>r.t House, 2S Eighth St.,
ne«r Market— FurriFhp<l and unfurnished.
a*H£ItWUOD place. «— Lftundrr "ffioe and 2 or
S rrx>m«; furniBhed or unfurnished.
TENTH. 1C3. noar Market— 1. 2 or 3 sunny bay-
window rooms.
THE OAKS. 11$ Third— A tr-v^d rooming house
for rood people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
THIRTEENTH. E27H. above Guerrero— Larjfe
furn. rrxjm for lady; Call bet. 4 and 7 p. m.
TWO many furnished rroms, $3 and S6 per
month. Aldress 3057 Golden Gate ave.
VALENCIA. S06 — furnished sunny rooms, tuit- j
able for one or two; private family. j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions [
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Flllmore st.
A PRANCH office for Call advertisements and
f uhscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
len<-la st. ' i
ROOMS ASTD BOAIID.
CALIFORNIA. 607— An excellent opportunity to
secure particularly desirable accom. at mod-
est rates: special rates families; sunny rms..
en suite cr single; best table in r-an Francises.
JIAP.KCT, I04SA <Hotel Robinson) — Furn. rms.,
with flrrt -class board; double. J10 wk. ; slncle.
$25 mo : modern: elevator: table board. $4 wk. ;
meals. 25c. MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
*THE ERADBURT. 1G04 California— New modern
family hotel; excellent table; 100 beautifully
furnished rooms; moderate; phone Hyde 2771.
•TWENTY-SIXTH^ S377. near Mission— Nicely
furnished Eunny rooms, with or without
board, at very reasonable prices.
LAB PALMAS. 1KT0 Market st.— Seit* of J or J
rms.; private; bath; aln. rmi.; board optional.
TINE. 7S3— Sunr.y rooms with board; reason-
arie.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered frnm J3: whitened, tl up*
palr.tinp done. Ilartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city rr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. <1S Montgomery at., rooms »-10: tel. SSSO.
SEWING BIACHI.\ES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kirds bought, sold ar.d repairing; cuaran-
teed. Ctjsca. Plambeck. 1815 Mission, nr. 15th.
J>ENTED. r»pa!red. bought, pnld; machine tup-
piles. Ptardsrd Airency. 145 Hh: phone Mint ft,
ALL k'nds bousrfct. sold, exchanged, rented;
reps '.ring *t lowest rates. ?05 Fourth st.
STABLES TO LET.
r
ti STALLS, cheap: suitable for express or milk
«1*P<--t: this month's rent fr»^. 2C30 Ml«sirn st.
STOIIAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage snd movlnr: covered
van*. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
BnKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St..
tel. Main JfelO — Packing, moving and storage.
PinrtCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlc* 4C1 Pc«t St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5711.
PACIFIC Ftcrace and Furniture Moving Com-
r.sr.y. gSTO Flllmore rt.: phone Jackson 231.
SITU R BAN RESORTS^^;
EACBAXjITO — Cottar** to. let; eult bachelors or
ymall family. Ucx yir.. <'all office.
SUMSIER RESORTS.
FVUNUaHEO or unfurnished house of S rooms,
rtable. itc. : fine orchard and grounds: terms
moderate. Apply r-'tatioa Master, Kan An-
¦elHtn. Marin County.
a tftuuriKUii a.m» kOrruBi;
GKMAT KAXIGAIN'S IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for le*s money than any
houre in the city: rentals. S3. The Typewriter
Ki<-hr,r.ge. f~* California, telephone Main 2S«.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
1>IVIDENI> r.otic*— Fan Francisco Sat'lngs
ITnion. j?2 Califrjrnia Ft., corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the Stth of June."
::«>0. & dividend has been declarM at the rate
p*-r annum of thr<* and rlx-tcnihs <J 6-10) per
cent cn frm deposits ond three (t) per cen»
on ordinary deposits. fr»-» of taxni, payable
on end alter MONItAY. July f. ivoo.
IXJVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DXVZDEKD nr.tlc*>— The German Favlnrs and
I>-ian BodCty. ~ZC California n.— For the half
y«-ar ending with June Z<\ 1S00. a dividend has
tif^n <lp<-Iared at the rate nf thre" and one-
h»ir '2 1 *) per c«it per annum on all deposits.
fre* (' teres, payable on and after MONDAY.
July 2. lifM. GEO. TOIJRXY. bc< retarj".
UIVinENI) NOTICED Dividend No. go <;s cents
P*r ehare) of the Hutr-hlnson Sugar Plantation
Comiiany will be payable at the offlce of the
company. 527 Market ft., on and after Wednes-
day. June 20, 3300. Transfer books will cloee
CD Thursday. June 14. 1900. it 1 p. m,
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
OCEAN" TBAVEL.
foralsEpAisii
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First • and Brannan streets. 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlofto). Najrasaki and Shanghai, nnd
connecting at Hongkong with s- ton mere for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received.cn board on day
SS NIPPON MARU Tuesday, July 10. 1900
SS". AMERICA' MARU......
.Friday, August 3, 1300
SS. HONGKONG MARU.
Wednesday, August 29
Via Honolulu.
P.ound-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply nt company's offlce,
421 Market Etreet. corner First.
W. H. AVERY. Oeneral Agent.
OCEANIC 8.8. CO.-HONOLUlU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
8. B. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)..........
....Wednesday, June 27, 2 p. m.
6*B MOANA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
'land and Australia Wed. .July ]l. 8 p. m.
I. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Aots., 114 Montgomert
Pl*r 7. Foot Pacific St FreijhtOftce.327 Market St.
- . - ' - '¦¦>'¦:¦.. — -*— - — .. . — a
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
DIRECT.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SENATOR
Will rail from Seattle and Tacoraa June 11.
July 21 and AUgrust 27. The SENATOR sa'.l-
lnf; July 21 will make an Excursion Trip via
the Inland passage, and after landlngr at Nome
will continue north thro* the 8ehr!ng Straits.
past East Cape on the Siberian coast, crossing
the Arctic Circle, passing Into the Arctic
Ocean. Passengers are advised to Inspect the
Senator before purchasing tickets via other
Fteamers. as her second-class and steerage ac-
commodations are superior to the first-class
accommodations on most of the steamers ad-
vertised for Nome. The Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co. has been running: Its steamers to
Alaska— winter and summer— for 25 years and
ls the Pioneer Pacific Coast Line. For further
Information Inquire of J. F. TROWBRIDOE.
Ocean Dock. Seattle. Wash.; N. POSTON. 84?
Washington st.. Portland. Or.: W. PARRIS. 124
West Second st.. Los, Aniceles. Cal.: GOOD-
ALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts.. 10 Market
nt. TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery St..
San Francisco.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
¦OPTM«*» PA (DIVIO CO HP A mC
(PACirn: nniM.)
Trains !«»««• •«¦«.¦ arc «!««• «• arrtV* M
MAN rUAN«:iM<'«».
Cjiiia Line. Foot of Uarbet 3tie«l)
cbatx - Fbom Mat 13. 130a — abmt»
*7>00a Benid*. 8uUtio. Kimlra. VscaTEa. A
Ramsey »od 3»cr»raen to *7l«3#
*7i«Oa Shut* Ezgress—DsTU. WiUUnu (for
B«nlett Springs). WIUswb. RtA
Bluff. PorUaod. *7l«S*
•7:30 a M irthiei. Sao lUmcn, V»J!eJo. Msp*.
C»lt3t. g^*i..lH»nU Rosa..., •tlia*'
•8:OOa Davis. WoodUnd. Knlghu L»ndln«,
VtarfSTiII«.«>n>Tii:a *7l43*
•i:OO» AilajtUc Kzpreaa— Orlau and But 'lli««
•ni3i>A 8»;i Joss. Liverniot*. Htoekloa.
lone. Skcraineiito, Plictt»UIo,
MarjiTUlo, Chlco. KeJiilnS MlISV
••¦30a Oskdale. ChlneM (tor Yusemlte).
Sjaorm. Cattaxa. MtiSr
•»tOO* BafinnU. Milr* »od W»f Stetiona. ?11:13*.
•l»-.O«* I/Oj Aotslet Express— Martlaos.
Trie;, l^tbrgp. HtocktOD. Meroed
snd Frf<iio.. *«Jil3r
•9:30* V»:i-J.(. M»!>in-»»n>l Wsy 9l*tloos ••Att.'lr
•lo.oo, Tho Ofsrlaod Limited— Ogden. Daa-
Ter. Ouiahaw Chica^-i •BilS»
•11>O0a Niles. UrrasJ-Tf, HUKkton, Sacn-
meut". McudotSL.U«afurd.TlsaUa,
PorteMill* :
•I3iO«m Uaywards. Nile* and Way Stations. *'i: l-ip
tliiior staeiamantu ltl»er St««ni«ra t»:O(»»
•Sstar IlaTwaxdi. Nilea and Way Stations. *3: t.ir
•Imiir Maitlnaa. Hau IUiuoh. Vallajo.
Napa. I'allnttiK*. Hauta Itosa § »lll»
'liOOr Kcnicia. Vlnten. SaeramtqM^
Wcoilland. Knulits 1 »udlu<.
M»r>«il!lc. Orntll!« »IO:«»a
•4iBOp N(l**.Hau JoMand rtU)c»V3n •7ilS»
•3:O«rTh« Owl IJmlted— Tracy. Fresno.
Uake»9eld. Maupis for Santa Bax-
b»r*. Ix>i Anfeles **:43a
*3:t0r Fresno Passenter— MsrUnec, Lath-
roj>. Stock too. Morti-I, UeTenda
(UayiaooU for Yosemi'e). rreai.a.. # I3:H»
•SiS.rNow )ilct.c« Express— lt»kersii»IJ.
H»u«» Karam**, I.«s Anselaa. l>vw-
Inf. £1 faso. New Oileaus and
Eaat *9i4Sa
*3il*PMauU tn limits— Allan llo Exprass
for Uojaie ami Kant •ll:l.1f
•OiO'lr Haywar.ts. Ni!»» a«.l .-V»u Jo«t *7>4.i4
10:00 r V»t!->;.. 'UllSF
•«!.»r Oriental UsU-Ogdeo. Caejeooa.
Oioaha, CUica^o a lli»t
••iO«r Orienul Mail— Ogita, Den»er.
Omaha, Chicago HilSr
17iO0r Vall-J... I'urt Cuata and Way Mta-
tiuua. t*>sar
•Si.Sr Ore(n<> and Calltnmia Kipr«M.H.e-
lamentn. Mar;s>lll«. lte<I.lhig,
ri.rttmi.1. l'.i|<t .".....,.! m,,l Kssl *itl»t
COAST DMIMIh Wi.i.r (..-ihjc).
( root cf M.rkrt Str«e>.l
t?<43A Santa Cms txcvirmon for .Santa
Cruz and rriuoi; *! Way SUtloos ;9:03r
•IllS* Net»Atk.lVi,ti-r»ii'-.-J»n .»..««, Vr'.U" ,,
Boulder L'truk.8ai:ta Crux sud Way
Buttons *e:a«r
tStlSr Newatk. l>nt-r»il!r. San Jns«, Ni»
AlmaJen. Ffltcn. ltnn!der Creek.
HauU Cms and 1'rlnclpal Way
Stations * flOi»«a
•IrISp Xewsrk. San .lots. ?am Gaf/is 'St-iS)*
q«:l3r Glenwool. Kelton. Santa Crui e!t:H9t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rruiSli FR.IC15C0— Tt*X »'¦ a>r»«t SUttt (SU» •)—
•7:15 B00 11:00a. U. Jl 11 *2:53 13:S3
M:C3 t8:C3 •J.CJri'.
rua0iIU»D-rjil.fari.4«.T.— 'fl.OO 8:00 10.00.. K.
tU:C3 '1:33 t»:C3 '3:i3 tl-C3 *S:63r.%.
COAST niYISMM (KroaiMiaiife).
(Third .ninl To-rnneii.l Str)
ttil0A Oceau View. 8outh San Kr»uci*co.. KiMf
?7iOO» Nan .!¦)« ami Way st .li .-,.* CNe*
•A'.nmi-.. Wr.li,e«.l»n ....!>) *ltS«>»
ITiKO* Sunday Excursion f r Han Jowl
Santa Cruz, Pacific Gro*a and
1'rlnclpal Way Stations {S:33r
•tiOO* Han ,l..io. Tin 1'iiKH, Kttiita i'm*, t
YmeU.o «lr»»e. l'an<> Kulilea, Saa
l..ii« OUiatm, Knit. LoiupOC sntl
l'rt..ci|.»l War Ktatim-a -«:l«r>
•¦Otto* San Ji>ae »n.1 Way Ijtatioua. •»::».-»*
•IIiSOa San.lose.LosGatosamlWar'itatfoiis *3t.tli?
ta:43p 8an Matro. ltrttnoo.1. Menlo Fark,
Palo Alto. tiantat"ara. S»n ,ln*«,
Trea Plaoa. .Santa Una, Salinas.
Monterey ami I'acilie Orn*« Ili»::i«l\
t<ia*pSuJon»n.l w» r st»t|uim •~:3Wr
H>l3r San Jonmul Trlttciral WayHtatlons "J:lli
|»:00r3*;i Jose. Loi Oatos ml Prludsal
WsySUtions t9:0«4
M.-Siir 'itiJni. tn 1 frlneipal Way Stations t«t«3j
•ll::il»r San .Ic»- a.i.l Way .Stations «1:O«I«
• ll:l.%r San .lr.wan.1 War Vat-jom »~:^»r
A (or Miiriiinj P for Aftem«on.
•Daily. t»»'"'»i' etrepttd. I sun.Uj on'y
I rtatiinUy only.
• SttDidtr and StwI.» rinnday and Mooda».
oi — 1«
9 9
• &
• o
• OO *
I DOLLARS !
| Santa Fe Route. g
• . . a •
• Excursion tickets will be %
• sold on June 28th, 29th a
• and 30th good for 60 days ?
0 to come back. The rate is ©
• made for the Demscratic ®
9 National Convention, but %
• any one can use the •
1 tickets. S
• + : 1 o
S Kansas City I
9 AN D BACK. ©
3 628 Market Street. 2
• •
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN SY. CO.
LESSEE
m FRAHGISGO AND NORTH PACIHC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TUMtr«a Forry, Foot ot Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
UXEK DAYS— 7:W. t:00. U:C0 a. ra.: 12:».
1:30. 8:l«. 1:10 ?. m. Thursday*— Extr* trip
«t 11:10 o. m. Saturday*— Extra tries at 1:M
and 11:30 d. m.
IUNDAT8- «:00. fM. 11KM a. m.: l:30t t:M.
1:00. t:30 d. m.
BAN RAFAE3* TO SAM FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY5-«:10. 7:50. »:20. U:10 *. m.: ll.UL
1:40. 1:15 p. ra. Saturdays— Extra trisa ai
I:i5 and C:tS o. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. >:40. 11:13 a. m.: 1:40. 1:4ft.
1:05. «:J5 p. m. t
Between San Francisco and Schaetzea Par*
saxna schadula a» abova.
L*av« I In ECs«t. I ArrtTS
Ban Franelse<x [Apr. 13. 19oa| Ban FVanclso«>,
¦Week J San- I I Bun- I WeeH
Dt.yg. I daya. f Destination.] d*y». I D*/*-^
7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato. 10:40 am! 1:40 an»
1:30 pm 9:5i) am Petaluma. «:05 pm l'J:» am>
t:13 pm t.00 pmj Santa Rosa. T:»5 pmj t:» pra
Fulton.
t:M am Windsor. 10 JS ta
Healdfbunr-
Lytton.
Geyserrllle.
>:»prn 8:0» «m Clovrdal.. T^S pra »:»pia
}:Mam| I Kopland I |1!>:23 Arr»
1:10 pm! 1:CO im| and Uklah. 1 T:8S pm| «:20 pat
.": > ami 10: 15 as»
I 8:00 am Gnernrrille. 7:S pm
l:S0rm{ [ 1:20 pta
T:«o«m 8:00 ami Sonoma »:1S am S:40asi
I and
t:10 pm 5:P0 pml Gl^n Ellgn. g:CS pm *:» ptn>
7:30 amj l:C0 ami [10:40 am|10:K an*
l:Z3 pm| 5:00 pmf Sebastcpol. I 7:32 pm| <:20 psx
Statres connect at Santa Rosa tor STark WmH
Eirlnirs and Whit* Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrniia: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Oeyservllle for Skans Sprtr.cs: at Cloverda:*
for the Oeyvers: at Hopland for Duncaa
Spring*. Highland Springs. K«1s«tv11I«. Carts-
bad Sprtnss. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bs.rtlett
Bprtn»;s: *t Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga.
Sprlnrs, Blue Lake*. I-s.ur*>! Dell Lake. Witter
Pprtnffs. Upper Lake. Pntno. Patter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. LieTley*s. Bucknell's.
Far.hfdrtn Heights. IluXvtlls. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoctno City. Fort Bras?,
port Usal. Wllllts. LaytonvUle. Cummin*.
Bell ¦ Fprir.gs. Harris. Olsea's. Dyer. Sect:*
and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday ronnd trio tickets a*j
reduced rates.
On Sunday ronnd trip tickets to an points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*. SM Market it.. Chronicle V.Ag,
H. C. WniTINO. -r-ZTl R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Aggnt.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC EAILWAY \
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DA Y3.... 9:30 a. m.. 1:43 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return, tl 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
jT Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Aa«SH "-^ HE1R.VY XT. Kit.i31!!h«l
KSTi f"* iEa ln ' H5 * Ior tixe treatment cl Private
JsLLK 2<f 1'bea.ies, L«>8t Manhood I>»'blllry cr
ggPw^w>yM»cli«pa»«'-y-earingoiib<vJvandm'.nda.iiri
ikJV^^V^tfJS *kin 0ispaa«-s. 1 hedociorcures\Tb^ii
m Xj»4>*IS > J <>tb*T3fall. Ttj- him. C'hnrsje» iow
N3WS2U ('<¦¦'<'* tonranlrr I. CallorwrU".
Or. J. V. uIBOON. Box JSST.Saa Vtasdaco
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
WILL DISPATCH FOR
NOME DIRECT
The elegant, fast, Al new passenger steamer.
1600 tens register.
S.-S. NOME CITY,
ABOUT JULY 1st.
Connections at ST. MICHAEL for DAWSON
and all YUKON RIVER POINTS.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
/39 POST ST,
C0MPAGNIE OENEHAL^ TRAN3ATLASTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailine every Thursday Instead of <STHJ
Saturday, from November 2, 1S39. at -^?**«**2»
10 a 'n.. from Pier 42. Xorth River, foot of
Morton St. LA CHAMPAGNE. June 51;
L-AQUITAINE. June IS: LA TOURAINK, July
5: LV ".LORRAINE, July 12. First-class to
Havre, T60 and upward; "> per rent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre, $45: 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson Bulldtne). New
York J. F. FUGAZI ft CO.. Pacific Coast
Ajrent" -I Mpntscmerv avrmie. Pan Francisco
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJQ,
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "Mon'SIceHo.'*
MON., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a.m.; 5:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., %
p. m. Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE ...........;...... 50c.
BECHLER— MATTHISSEN— In this city. May
26. 1&0Q, by the Rev. Paul Branke, J. C. Bech-
ler and Miss K. Matthissen.
GOMPH— VOLLMEIl— In this city. June 14,
lifOO. by the Rev. E. Francis Drown. Fred-
erick William Omph of Portland. Or., and
Abbie Selina Vollmer of Han Francisco.
8CHEEL— SIEBECKER-In this city. June 1<>,
vm. by the Rev. Paul Branke, Conrad E.
Srh/'el and Kate M. Siebocker^
MAERIED.
30 California St., S. F.
313 1st Ave. Sbuth, Seattle.
For passenger and freleht rates apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.,
AT NOME.
LEAVES SEATTLE JULY 3
FIRST-CLASS LIGHTERAGE FACILITIES
SECOND TRIP.
v S. S.
fe\ Valencia
/ FOR
! /
B0E.N.
HALUXG-In this city, June 10. 1300. to the
wife of Olof O. Hallinc, a pon.
McCARTHY-In this city, June 16, 1000, to the
wlfp of James H. McCarthy, a son.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either cf the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
soni authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— M&ERTAGES— DEATHS.
PROPOSALS for State Prison supplies — Bids
will be received by the State Board of Prison
Directors at San Quentin. up to the hour
of 10:20 a. m. of July 7. 19C0, for supplying
the State Frlson at San Quentin with coal
Tcr the en^uinp fiscal year. A certified check
"*qual to 10 per cent of the bid. payable to the
president of the board, must accompany each
bid. Schedules and conditions to be had on
application to the clerk.
n. M. FITZGERALD. President
J. V. KLLIS. Clerk. -
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and J9 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
rCNERaL EIRECTORS AMD JSMBALMER3.
Finest- Equipment at Moderate Rates.
McAVOV &. CO.. B
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.]
j 12S9 Market St.. between Sth and Sth. fl
Telephone South 217. |
( c ucre*scn! to Flannajran & Gallagher), ¦
DANIEL 1'. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMHALMERS,
SO Fifth ft., oppoaite Lincoln School.
Telephone South £0.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
CTFrlonde and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1<>:3Q o'clocjv. from the residence
of his sister. Mrs. Mark Reps. 1023 Montgom-
ery street, th<-n<*e to St. Froncis Churvh for
fej-vlcea at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy cross
Cemetery.
DAVOCK— In this city. June 17. 19"«0. Catherine
Lucille, beloved dauphter of Michael F. ami
Ntllie Davock, and sister of Mary Serene Da-
" vork. a native of San Francisco, aped 2 years
and 5 months.
GREEK— In this city, June 17, 1900, Thomas,
beloved husband of the late Bridget Green,
and father of Daniel. Thomas. Frank. Katie
and James Green, a native of County Cavan,
Ireland, ated 67 years.
(r7Fr!endn and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
CryFriends an.J ac-rjuaintancts are respect-
fully lnvitfi to attend the funeral this day
(MonJayt, at 10:lf< o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 130 Page utreet. thence to 11:30 o'clot-lt
train from Third and Townsend streets. In-
terment Hill* of Eternity Cemetery.
OFFICERS and member? of the Hungarian
Mutual Aid Society: Yr.u are requested to
attend the funeral of *tr?. Anna W. Cohn,
wife cf our member. William Cohn. from her
late resider.ee, 120 Pace Etreet, at 10:13 a. m.
this day (Monday.) . .
WM. ROFENBERG. Secretary.
CORXFOOT— In this city. June 17, 13iA James,
beloved son of Henry and the late Margaret
Cornfoot. and brother of Henry. George.
Bamucl and Maputo Cornfoot and Mrs. Mark
Itee3 and the late Mrs. Mamie Conrcy, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 31 years 11
months and 13 days.
C7 Remain* nt funrral parlors of H. F.
Maars. 917 Mission street, till 7 a. m. to-mor-
row (Tuesday). Interment Rockwell Ceme-
tery, Kuisun. Solano County. Cal. Friends
deFirinif to attend the funeral will take boat
leaving foot of Market Ftreet at S a. m. to-
morrow (Tuecday), for Kuisun.
BAILEY— In this city. June 17. 1900. John
Dailey. a native of Ireland. af;e<l 76 years.
COHN— In this city. June 1«. ISO}. Anna \V\.
beloved wife of William Cohn, daughter of
Mrs. I>eborah Horwitz, and rist^r of Charles
Horwitz and Mrs. Flora Fenerstein, a native
ot Roumania. aged 24 years. (St. Paul and
Mirine-apo'iis papers plearo copy.)
BROWN— In Alameda. June 16. 1900. Catherine,
beloved wifp of the late Henry Brown of
Green Valley, Solano County. Cal., and Ulster
of F. Ludemann of San Francisco, Mrs. Ellse
Pimon of Pcnoma and John J. Ludemann of
HamhurR, O-rmany. a native of Luenebun?,
province of Hanover, Germany, aged 6'J years
» months and 3 dayp.
DIED.
Brown. Catherine Johanson. Louisa
Bailey, John Kahn. Max
Cohn. Anna W. Moore, Kdward E.
Cornfoot. James Martin. John R.
Davock. Catherine L. Newman, Fannie L.
Green, Thomas OnKTth. Henry E. J.
Have*. Annie J. Pierce, Dnvid T.
Hoilman, Lydta A. Whitney, Mary E.
Humphrey, L>oug-lass Zech, Tillie A.
PROPOSALS for mineral oil— 36 New Mont-
gomery St.. Pan Francisco. Cal.. May 16, isoo
Healed proposals ln triplicate will be received
here until 11 o'clock a. m.. June 20. l?oo, and
then opened, for furnishing and storing here
100.000 eallons Mineral Oil, 133 degrees flash
test in cases of two flve-callcn cans each
Preference •will be given to articles of dol
meFtlc production and manufacture, conditions
of price and quality belnp «^qual (including in
the price of foreign productions the duty
thereon) and *uch perferenee piven to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced cn the Pacific Cna*t to the extent of
the consumption required by the public service
there.
The United State* reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blank proposals fur-
r.l«hed on application. Envelopes will be en-
dorsed "Proposals for Mineral Oil," and ad-
dreFsed CAPTAIN OPCAU F. LONG, Asslst-
end Quartermaster, V. S. Army, Depot Quar-
And AH Points on YUKON RIVER to
KOYUKUK and DAWSON.
OM E,
ST. MICHAEL
Will Sail Abant ¦ ¦ ¦ July 1st
AND
S. S. PORTLAND
S. S. ST. PAUL
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
a. Hteamers leave Broadway
1^ wharf, San Francisco:
W^_ For Alaskan rorts— 11 a. m.,
iii£&l!»i J un » tf. :o - 25 - 30 - July 3 -
tS»twSB*9k Char.re to company's eteam-
IX ttExlSa e "» at Seattle.
ffffVSw 'Sal F" or Victoria, Vancouver fB.
KKSjCsIgJOi C), Port Townsend. Seattle,
a^^ocmttl Tacoma. Everett. Anacnrtes.
an( j x ?w Wfcatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. June 15, 20, S5. JO.
July 5. and every fifth day thereafter: change
at Seattla to this company'! steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay-10 a. m., June
17. 22. 27. July 2. and every fifth day tnere-
* For Santa Cruz. Monterey. S»n Simeon. Cay-
ucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo>. Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedm (Los Anreles) and Newport—
9 a. m.. June 16. 20. 2*. IS. July 2, and every
fourth day thereafter. ~
For San Diego, ftoppln* only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondn (Los Angreles)— 11 a.
m.. June 18. 22. 2S. 30, July 4. and every fourth
day thereafter. * _ . ,
For Ensenada. Maedalena Bay, San Jo«e del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. L* Paz. Santa Rosalia
and 'Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. ,
For further information obtain company s
folders.
The company reserves the right to ch«nr»
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
•tvtthmit previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Ajtents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC $12 F'rst Class including BerVn
iMnC $3 Second Clas* and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
June 22. July 2
COLUMBIA Galls June 17. 27. July 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points ln the Northwest.
Through tickets to nil points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
mew T0BS. SOUTHAMPTON. 10HD0N. PASI9.
Stopping at Cherbourg-, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul June 27|NewYork July II
St. Louis ..July 4'8t. Paul July IS
RED STAJ* LINE.
New York er>4 Antwin.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark June lOlKenslngton July 4
Westernland ...June 27'Noordland July 11
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery street.
EMPIRE UINIB,
S. S. "OHIO." from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael. May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome, St. Michael and Yukon Rlrer
Points. June 30. July 31. August 30. For rates
and other information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.
80 Montgomery st.
RAILROAD THAVE11
"special^
EXCURSION!
Chicago i Return.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
AND
NORTHWESTERN LINE.
Tickets on sale June 21st and C2d at General
Office, 617 Market st. Sleeping Car Reservation
Charts now orxn. R. U. RITCHIE,
Gen' I Act. Pac. Coast.
BOOTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
• Commencing April ti. 1900.
FROM SAN FRAJS'CISCO TO MILL YlM.T
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-T:». •S.ZO. f.ZO. 11:00 «. m.1
U:U.-*1:«3, !:li4:15. •y.li, «:15. 6:40 pi m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Monday*. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at i:0O and 11 :Si p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •»:<». •16:00. 11^)0. il-»
a. m.: 12:45. •1:JO. !:W. '3:43. 5:00. «:00. 7J»
p. m.
11:00 a.m. dees not run to San Rafael Sua>
<3ay#.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. ¦ />":
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO 6AM FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS-5:33. ••:*>. 7:50. 8:49. »W:U «.
xn.; U:»0. 1:15. 2:15. 'S:^ 4:33. i:JJ p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdajw at '6:45 and 10:20 p. tn.
SUNDAYS— «:15. •S:!)©. «»:50. •11:00a. m. ; •i3-o»
tn.; l:C0. 1:19, »3:M. 4:30. •3:45. «:45. 7:W. u]ja
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN" FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 8:63. «:45. 8:00. 8:55, 10:*> iC
m.: 12:». V45. 2:45. S::0. 4:50. »:20 p. in.
EXTRA THIPS on Mondays. WednesJajg
and Saturdays at 7:19 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:S5, 8:CS. 10:05. 11:10 a. m. : U:«
l:K 2:50, »:«. 4:&5. «:15. 7:85. 10:30 p. m.
' THROUGH TRAINa
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way it*.
tlons. - '
3:15 p. m. Saturday*— Cazadero and way «ta-
6:15* p. xn. weekdays (Saturdays except id)—
Point Reyes and way. stations.
1:00 a, xn. Sundays— Candero and way sta-
tion*.
11:45 p. m. Sunday*— Point . Reyes and waj
•tatlOEJL . ....---.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Address J. J. RCOVILLE. Secretary Board
cf Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 310 Samome st.. San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of the Board of Direc-
tors. J- J. SCOVII.LE. Secretary.
BIDS WANTED— Notice ls hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans" Home of Cali-
fornia, at ita office, room 13. 320 Sansome st..
Fan Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o" clock a. m.,
SATURDAY. June Zi. 1900. and opened Im-
mediately thereafter ln the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad
station Yountville). for six months commenc-
ing July 1, WO, and ending December 31, 1900.
Schedules with Information and Instruction!
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions ot the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless It
is in accordance with such schedules. Kach
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon pome well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to C.
Mason Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The b^ard reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to ord«"r any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
rnoposAi.s.
OAKLAXD riR.MTlllE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture d«»alpr. Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
BLOCK 64. must te sold, near 23d ave.. 17th St..
Fast Oaklan.1: a rare chance for a block pur-
cha-er. , SAMUEL PWIKT. 1112 East Six-
teenth st.. East Oakland.
WANTED— Head this: Want an S-room house
In Hast Oakland cr elsewhere; will give $111)0
cash and a grind property consisting of an S-
room flat worth J20Q0. all clear. Apply to AL-
DEN CX).. lllS.Itroadway.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $150 down, balance small monthly pay-
ment, will buy a new, up-to-date modern cot-
tage; 4 rooms, bathroom, pantry, toilet, etc.;
north side of Ftreet; lot 40 feet front: only
four minutes to Ii»-rkeley local; cottage now
being finished; call and see It. JAS. S.
NAISMITH. \r,2 NMnth St.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
VKHY choicest part of Berkeley: elegant new
9-room home; sunny exposure: up to date in
all details. Inouire M. L. WUItTS, Seven-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland.
BERICELEV REAL ESTATE.
J3S0O— TO close estate; corner lot 115x130; In
Berkeley; near Ashby station and 1 block
house S rooms and bath: lartre barn, wind-
mill and tank. Address EDWARD HOEGE-
MAN'N. 100 Montgomery el. San Francisco.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
ITTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1369 Post street, between Octavla and
La puna. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday) at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter. Mrs. J. W. Wetmore. iS12 Bush
street, between Baker and Lyon. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
ZECH— In this city, June 14. 1900. Tillle A..
dearly beloved wife of William F. Zech,
daughter of P. M. and Barbara Ohmels. and
sister of Jchn, Charles, Cecelia and Hugo
Ohmels of New York, a native of New York
City, aged 26 years 5 months and 9 days.
(New York and Brooklyn papers please copy.)
ttyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
funeral parlors of Bunker &. Lunt. 2.666 'Mis-
sion street. Mission Masonic Temple. Inter-
ment Hollister, Cal.
WHITNEY— In this city. June 16. 1900. Mary
Etta, beloved wife of the late E. H. Whitney,
and mother of Mrs. J. W. Wetmore and Mrs.
Alfred Bartlett, a native of New York, aged
86 j-ears.
(CT'Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of the Henry J. Gallagher Under-
taking Company, 20 Fifth street.
OXGKUTII— In Alameda. June 16, 1900. Henry
E. J.. beloved husband of Eugenia Ongerth.
and father of Gerhard, Elsie. Hedwlg and
Edwin Onperth. a native of Saxopolls. Tran-
sylvania. Austria-Hungary, aged 40 years 10
¦ months and 29 days.
PIERCE— In this city. June 17, 19C0, David T"..
beloved husband of Elizabeth M. Pierce, and
brother of George and the late Dr. J. G.
Pierce of Yarmouth, Me., a native of Fox-
croft, Me., aged 55 years 4 months and 23
days.
CC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to Pt. Charles Borromeo Church,
where services will be held. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
NEWMAN— In this city. June 17. J900, Fannie
L.. beloved wife of Patrick Newman, and
mother of Michael J., Fannie L. and the late
William P. Newman, a native of County
Clare. Ireland, aged 50 years.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invltod to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother. .\aron Kahn. 2005 California
strffet. Cremation at I. O. O. F. Crematory.
I'leaso omit flowers.
MOORE— In this city. June 17. 1900, Edward
Krnest Moore, a native of Canada, aged 50
years and 23 days.
MARTIN— In this city. June 16. 1900. John B.,
. beloved husband of the late Mary V. Martin,
and lather of Margaret, John, Mary, Frank
and Kdward Martin, a native of County Lim-
erick. Ireland, figed 75 years.
(CTTrifnils and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2S03 Mission street, thence by elec-
tric funeral car from corner of Twenty-fourth
and Guerrero streets at 3 o'clock. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HUMPHUKY-In Oakland. June 17 1900. Doug-
lass Miles, youngest son of Robert and Mary
Humphrey, a native of Oakland, aged 5 years
3 months and 14 day*.
JOHANSOX-In Oakland. June 17, l?00. Louisa
Johanson, sister of Erik Johanson of Port-
land, Or., a native of Finland, aged 40 years.
KAHN-ln this city. June 17. 1900. Max Kahn,
beloved father of Estelle and Slgmund Kahn,
and brother of Aaron Kahn, a native of
Louisiana, aged 49 years.
tC7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 211S Howard street, thence to St.
Cliarles Borromeo Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery-
HOLLMAN-In this city. June 17. 1900. Lydia
Alice, beloved daughter of Henry and Mar-
pa ret Hollman. and sister of Mrs. Louis K.
"Weodard, a native of California, aged 20
years.
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1113 Folsom street, corner of Langton,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HATES— In this city, June 16. 1900. "Annie J..
dearly beloved wife of James A. Hayes, and
dearly beloved daughter of Mrs. J. Rlley, a
native of San Francisco, aged 31 years.
$So«0— MODERN new house of S rooms, bath,
reception hall and basement: 50-foot lot. Call
at noon and gee owner. 1243 Park st.
IMPROVED and unimproved property acquired
by foreclosure; bargains; one-flfth cash; bal-
ance ln 1. ». 2 or 4 years. Alameda Savings
Bank. ¦ •
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS:
And otbcrs wbose names appear
In connection with the programme
of studies. »
FOR* Trapp*t'« Oil cures rheumatism and nenrmlrta
NO PASSENGERS ARE
HELD AT TRUCKEE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASHLAND, Or., June 17.— Not a pas
senger or a pound of freight hailing from
San Francisco were detained at the Ore
gon State lino to-day. Each passenger
from the Bay City on examination was
found to possess a certificate of health
from the United States Marine Hospital
Olllce at San Francisco. Dr. Charles V.
ltoss of tho. United States Marine Hospital
Service arrived here to-day to assist Dr.
G. H. McGeer, who has been acting sani
tary inspector here for the past month.
Thh new orders, together with heavy trav
el, make quarantine inspection very oner
ous and a third official may be required.
Inspectors are vigilant and are carrying
out orders received from Dr. J. J. Kinyoun
rigidly, but so f*ir there has been no in
convenience or annoyance to the travel-
Ing public.
Drs. Charles V. Cross and G. H. Mc-
Geer, United States Marine. Hospital Ser
vice, have orders from Dr. Kinyoun, In
Ran Francisco, to-night that every pas
senger from San Francisco for any point
In Oregon must have a certificate of
health from the authorities or be removed
from the trains before they reach the
State line, and are not under any circum
stances to enter Oregon until they have
secured a certificate.
? ¦
NO DELAY AT THE
OREGON STATE LINE
absence will probably not delay the busi
ness of that body, but if it would stop
and bloclc the entire convention the senti
ment of the committee is that It be
stopped and blocked until California is
free from this blasphemous blot. Simi
lar sentiments were expressed by all
amid continuous applause.
IGNORED QUARANTINE
OFFICIALS AT NEEDLES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TRUCKEE, June 17.— Dr. McQuestin in
spected all passenger trains going East
to-day, but did not delay any passengers.
Freight is not being bothered. Mr. Pease
and his mother, who were detained here
last night, are very anxious to reach their
destination and applied to Dr. McQuestin
to help them resume their Journey. They
were Informed that If i-iey left Truckee
It would be by their own efforts, as he
could not .help them. People here to-day
declared their intention to protect the
town and should any persons suspected
of having any contagious disease be taken
off the trains it is more than probable
that they will be ma*de move on whether
the Inspector objects or not. Leading
citizens are unanimous In the opinion thac
no plague exists in the State and the per
sons who are responsible for the scare
are openly denounced.
• ¦ . — — — ?
LOS ANGELES FEARFUL •
OF THE DREAD PLAGUE
The Federal quarantine Inspector was
to-day prevented from molesting passen
gers on Santa Fe trains at the State line,
and his authority Is ignored by the rail
road officials. Orders were issued to all
conductors to take up the pass of the
inspector, Mr. Jenkins, if presented, and
collect fare. Jenkins wired Surgeon Kin
youn for Instructions. The conductors
were also ordered ,to give the Inspector no
Information. r "..'.->
NEEDLES, Cal., June 17.— Last night
the quarantine Inspector met the Santa
Fe east-bound train at Bannock, a few
miles west of Needles. There were eight
een passengers on the train without health
certincates. The Inspector served an or
der to hold the train, but the order was
ignored by the conductor. The inspector
went with the train to the State line and
served the notice on each passenger. This
was also Ignored.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
LOS ANGELES, June 17.— In an Inter
view to-night Mayor Fred Eaton and
Health Officer Dr. L. M. Powers gave It
out flat and hard that they* are of the
opinion that the bubonic plague does ex
ist In San Francisco and that they ar^e
preparing to meet any emergency that In
the, future may arise. This feeling Is well
demonstrated In the language used In the
following telegvam sent . to ' Quarantine
Officer Kinyoun by the Los Angeles Health
Board: /
Am instructed by Board of Health to thank
you for any information or suceestlons. Will
co-operate. Preparing for nn emercency.
Regarding this telegram Dr. Powers to.
night said: , , ./¦¦ |
"We have been satisfied for some time
that the plague does exist in San Fran
cisco, and never have doubted Its exist
ence, as Dr. Kinyoun ancNthe San Fran
cisco Health Board would not put them
selves in a foolish attitude by saying It
does If the contrary were true. We have
no right to question what Information
they give our board, as they are on the.
ground and can Intelligently determine
the seriousness of the situation."
• In answer to the direct question whether
this board would quarantine, against San
Francisco, Dr. Powers said:
"Two weeks ago we requested the steam-.
Many things are coming to light that
Fhow how ridiculous is the whole gig-an
tic plapue fake, built up by Kinyoun and
the local board of political doctors. An
eminent surgeon and bacteriologist, who Is
familiar with the plague,, says that if
the hands of amateur surgeons and bao
terU>loglsts had handled a real plague
stricken body after the fashion that they
have dissected -and howled about the al
leged cases, every man - of them . would
"Just for the fun of the thlnp." Others
secured "certificates'.' as a precautionary
measure, fearing . that more stringent
rules might be made by the autocratic
quarantine officer; and a few went
through the mummery because a certifi
cate was necessary to secure a railroad
ticket.
During the day a large number of peo
ple secured "certificates." It was such an
easy matter that many people tried It
Kinyoun refused to see a Call reporter
yesterday, and all efforts to Interview
him. oven by telephone, proved useless.
He spent most of 'the day at the ferry
"bureau," where a great showing was
made of epauletted doctors and uniformed
clerks and hospital stewards. Kinyoun
remained In the "Inner" office, because it
was suggested It mlpht be safer there for
a man who had undertaken, in order to
force a theory upon an intelligent public,
to wreck the commerce Qf this great com
monwealth.
Kinyoun Shy of Reporters.
ANGKL ISLAND. Cal.. May 15, 1900.
One case referred to May 13 is plague-
Chinese girl: Innsr residence: Clay street.
Another discovered yesterday; dead May
13: lanre femoral bubo; characteristic or
ganisms: pick five day*. Diagnosed typhoid
fever by white physicians. ! Is undoubted
plague. Now have occurred four cased
plague In San Francisco, three originating
In ban Francisco, one near Sacramento.
Regarded now epidemic, as no connection
ran be traced between ca*es by local
Hoard of Health. As requested, secrecy re
quired first case on account of vicious at
tacks local i>re»K. KINYOUN.
The Purreon General United States Marine
Hospital Service. • ¦
KINYOUN,
T>«? Surr^on General United States Marine
Hosi'ltal Service.
ANGF.L ISLAND. Cal.. May 13, 1SKM).
Have now under investigation two addi
tional oasos suspected plague— one quite
fusplcious; one previously reported May 2;
came from Sacramento River.
ANGEL ISLAND, Cal.. May 2, 1900.
Examination plapue suspect completed.
Diagnosis confirmed by bacteriological . ex
stmlnatlon. -Old rerHent; no connection
traced to first at present.
KINTOUN.
The Furpeon General United States Marine
Hospital Service.
ANGEL ISLAND. Cal., March 11. 1JM.
Completed examination specimens dead
Chinese dfmnnFtrates plague. No further
history obtainable; evidently amhulent
case. KINYOUN,
The furjeon General United States Marine
Hospital Servite.
Following are some sample copies of
Kinyoun's telegrams to the Surgeon Gen
eral, a complete set of which is In pos
session of Governor Gage, despite the fact
that Kinyoun desired that they be placed
on the secret file because of the "hostile
press":
AXGEL ISLAND. Cal.. March S. 1900.
Case of alleged plarue' in Chinatown re
ported. City bacteriologists brlrifr me speci
mens for examination. Animals inoculated
this afternoon. So far no one ha* obtained
history of rase. KINYOUN.
The Sureeon General United States Marine
Hospital Service.
Five days after making his first an
nouncement to Washington of a "suspi
cious case" he wired the Surgeon General
that "completed examination demon
strates plague," whereas, the highest au
thorities declare that it is impossible to
prove anything definite for at least eight
days after the experiments are under
taken.
The whole tenor of Klnyoun's dispatches
to Washington on thr> "plague" show that
he was careless of the State's interests
and ever mindful of his own. His mess
ages were all of the most alarmist type
and calculated to give his superiors the
impression that the situation here was
moFt alarming, but that he could handle
It if "funds" and men were provided. He
even went so far as to declare on May 15
that the plague was "epidemic," while
even the local Board of Health, with all
Its massive front of nerve, has never even
hinted at such a thing.
Sent Alarmist Telegrams.
Attorney Shortridge spent most of the
day in preparing his case. Governor Gage
was frequently in consultation with him.
No messages were received from Wash
ington, but official messages were scarce
ly expected because it was Sunday. It
will be shown in court that Klnyoun's
action in placing- a quarantine on tho
State was plainly malicious and taken
because his efforts to place a blight upon
the city by "discovering" bubonic plague
were disregarded by laymen and courts
alike.
Attorney Frank L. Coombs advised tvin- |
youn not to quarantine the State is pretty
well authenticated by ih«; highest author
ity. It may lead to serious complications
to*-day. It is understood that Attorney
Shortridpe, who will reprf-sent the Chinese
in the case, will cali District Attorney
Coombs t>> the witness-stand and question
him as to what advice h<» did give Kin
youn. It is probable that Mr. Coombs will
refuse to answer the Question on the
ground of privileged communication be
iween lav.-ye_r and client. Mr. Shortrldge
is prepared to combat this by showing .
that, under the law, Mr. Coombs and Kin- |
youn. being public officials, their eommu- j
nicationp- may be made public for the I
public welfare. If the court holds that j
Mr. Coombs must unseal his lips some
interesting- history will be developed.
California Republican Delegation's Quarantine Committee to Washington.
now be dead, and the plague would have
been epidemic beyond the question of a
doubt and beyond control.
It is related that a member of the State
Board of Health, directed by the Gov
ernor to secure glands from the bodies oi
'•suspects" and to preserve them until
further orders, carried a bucketful of the
alleged infected glands through the
streets and even In a crowded street car.
When the Governor protested against his
action, the doctor assured him that dis
infected cotton had been placed on a cov
ering over the bucket.
Would Cause an Epidemic.
Worse than that, the same doctor in
preparing the glands for examination as
sured the Governor that he had "washed
them free from blood in a basin and had
seen that the blood and washings went
safely into the sink." Had this been
plague the best authorities would say
that such an epidemic would now be rag
ing in San Francisco tha,t the people
would appeal for Federal aid..
What people cannot understand is that
when a matter of such vital importance
to the whole country Is at stake Kinyoun
has not asked the surgeon "oneral to
send here the best bacteriologists in the
country. Three months have elapsed
since he sent his first report to Washing
ton concerning the "epidemic." and yet
he sets himself up as the supreme au
thority on the subject and defies the au
thority of the Federal courts. People are
beginning to ask, "Is he afraid to have
his work inspected and criticized by men
of standing in the medical world?"
Governor Gage has called attention to
another Important point. Right along
Kinyoun and others have had. in their
possession cultures of bubonic plague
bacilli which were imported from plague
countries. . Two years ago some similar
cultures got loose in a Vienna college of
medicine and killed several people before
they could be stamped out. Perhaps some
inadvertently got loose in Klnyoun's bu
bonic pig pen. Governor Gage thinks that
there ought to be a rigid law against the
Importation of cultures of plague, or any
other disease, except under the direct su
pervision of a special State bureau.
Judge Carpenter, one of the Southern
Pacific Company's attorneys, got Into an
argument in the PalaiJe Hotel corridor
yesterday with Dr. Huntington. who un
dertook to defend the position of the local
Board of Health. Both men became ex
cited and ppoke in loud tones. The doctor
finally asserted that If the Federal court
decided against Kinyoun again to-day it
would be more than likely that every
State in the Union would quarantine
against California in twenty-four hours.
"if such is the case." replied' Judge Car
penter, with great vehemence, "look out
for a vigilance committee. • It Is high time
that this high-handed outrage was put
an end to." . -
No orders have been received at the
postofllcc for the fumigation of mail go
ing out of the State.
GROSS OUTRAGE
ON CALIFORNIA
The Republican Delegation
Sends Committee to Pro
test at Washington.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS, HOTEL
WALTON. PHILADELPHIA. June 17.—
Early Sunday morning National Commit
teeman John D. Spreckels called on the
California delegation and was accorded a
hearty reception by each and all of the
members. Mr. Spreckels was the first to
impart to the members of the delegation
the, news of the quarantining of Califor
nia. The entire delegation to a man con
sidered this procedure an outrage on the
people of California and Mr. Knight was
Immediately requested to call a meeting
of the delegation.
The meeting was convened at 1 o'clock,
at which hour Mr. Sprcekels read sev
eral dispatches from San Francisco an
nouncing the situation. The delegation
appointed a committee consisting of W.
C. Van Fleet, Dr. Chester Rowell, Dr.
Geo. C. Pardee, J. D. Spreckels, W. B.
Rideout and W. D. Robbins, to go at once
to Washington and Intercede with the
officials there against the conduct of Dr.
Kinyoun.
The committee, wifh the secretary ot
the delegation, Edgar Pelxotto, imme
diately repaired to Mr. .Spreckels' apart
ments at the Walton Hotel, where they
were joined by W. A.' Bissell, of the
Santa Fe Railroad. The situation was dis
cussed and all agreed there was no neces
sity whatever for any such course to be
pursued by the quarantine officers ~ct San
Francisco.
A telegram was sent by Mr. Spreckels
to San Francisco for the exact situation
and another to Secretary Hay at Wash
ington requesting the Secretary to ap
point" a time to meet the committee from
the delegation. The committee expects to
leave Philadelphia Monday morning at
10:20. reaching Washington at 1:40 p. m..
and will proceed- at once to Interview the
necessary officials at Washington. :
As Dr. Pardee remarked there can be no
more Important duty devolve upon the
delegates and citizens of California than
to at once remove this unwarranted stain
from California's fair name. If the com
mittee can do its work before the meet
ing of the convention well and good. :< Its
Charges That the
Federal Doctor
Was Actuated
by Malice and
Seeks Revenge
SANTA CLARA FRUIT
GROWERS COMPLAIN
As far as can officially be learned Los
Angeles railroad managers will not pay
any attention to the order requiring bills
of health from those intending to leave
the. State. » In consequence all outbound
trains-last night and to-night carried the
usual number of passengers. The travel
to San Francisco has not In the least been
interrupted.
The Health Board visited Chinatown to
day and lively scenes ensued, as attempts
were made to explain to the Celestials the
need for cleaning up. To-morrow the City
Council and the health officers will visit
the same district.
"Out of the wilderness of conflicting re
ports that come from San Francisco re
garding- the existence of the plague it is
difficult to arrive at a just conclusion. We
must be governed by what official reports
are made, and these say it does exist. On
that presumption we are cleaning up Chi
natown and are taking active precaution
ary measures ,to prevent its Incursion. No
resort will be made to drastic measures
unless the situation grows worse, and
then our official action will alone be gov
erned by developments. We have not es
tablished any local train inspection, as
that is being done at Mojave and Bakers
field."
ship lines and the railroads in San Fran
cisco to demand that all Celestials
destined for Los Angeles should show
clean bills of health or they would net be
permitted to enter this city. As this has
been done, we shall not at present go fur
ther. None know what the, conditions
may be twenty-four hours from now, and
should they become wo^se and It becomes
evident that self-protection demands such
a course a quarantine that means what
the word implies may be declared."
Dr. Powers added that the authorities
were determined to prepare for any con
tingency, and that at the session of the
Health Board that will be held to-morrow
the entire question and what action may
be taken will be fully discussed.
Mayor Eaton said:
FRUIT GROWERS CONDEMN
KINYOUN'S QUARANTINE
flp^ciil Di^ratch to The Call.
SAN J0SF1, June 17.— Santa Clara Coun
ty fruit growers severely condemn Dr.
Kinyoun for quarantining the State, and
declare that unless this unwarranted re
striction is raised California will suffer
the loss of millions of. dollars. As it is
great injury has been done to the State
and its products. A mass-meeting of
growers has been called for to-morrow
morning to advance the interests of the
Cured* Fruit Association, and it is more
than likely the quarantine will be discuss
ed and strong resolutions condemning It
passed. It is too soon yet to tell how
the quarantine will affect the sale of green
fruit in Eastern markets, but all declare
it means loss to fruit growers, and a
heavy one, unless Dr. Kinyoun is compell
ed to abandon his outrageous action.
YV. E. Crossman, president of the Board
of Trade, says the placing of a quaran
tine on the State Is the worst thing gen
erally that could have happened to Cali
fornia. It means the loss of millions of
¦dollars from tourists and travelers and
great loss to our fruit growers.
A. Block of Santa Clara, a large ship
per of green fruits, denounces Dr. Kln
youn's action as an outrage. He says the
damage to Eastern fruit sales cannot be
estimated as yet, but unless quarantine
is Immediately raised all the frultmen of
California will suffer heavy loss.
. W- P. Cragin, president of the Farm
ers' Club, expressed the same opinion. He
said:
"If Eastern people get It Into their
heads that we have the plague, of which
there is much doubt, and become possess
ed of a fear that It will spread they will
not buy our fruits, and the fruit Interests
of California will suffer severely. Many
growers think the notoriety already given
the State by the Board of Health has af
fected their receipts from cherries. The
quarantine should be iaised."
Dr. Miller, president of the Board of
Health, said we had positively nothing to
fear from the disease. The fruit inter
ests of Santa Clara County will suffer a
body blow if quarantine regulations are
carried out to the letter.
Speeiil Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, June 17.— Major J. D.
Peters, one of the heaviest shippers of
fruit in this section, was* asked this after
noon as to the probable effect the State
quarantine will have on the fruit Inter
ests. He eald that, fortunately, the blow
had come early, and that there might
yet.be time to dftpel any prejudices the
Eastern people might feel against Call
fornia products. Apricots have been coln~
forward, but it will be some weeks beforl
the other fruits are started. While not
excusing the unwarranted action of Dr
Kinyoun he was hopeful that the dam
.age might yet be repaired.
OPINIONS OF. GROWERS
ON THE SAN JOAQUIN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, June 17.— The opinion
appears to be general among fruit grow
ers—although the fruit shippers may not
share It at the present time — that the
astounding action of Dr. J. J. Kinyoun
in placing a quarantine against California
will play sad havoc with California fruit
this year in the East. There seems to be
no division in the sentiment among 1 the
orchardists, who unite in condemning the
course of the Federal quarantine officer.
One of the most prominent fruit growers
In Sacramento County Is ex-Senator Wi>
liam -Johnston of Richland, on the Sac
ramento River. To The Call correspond
ent to-day Senator Johnston said:
"This quarantine is a humbug. It Is
nothing but politics. I don't believe there
ever was a case of plague in San Fran
cisco. If this thing is kept up it is goin?
to prove disastrous to the State's fruit
interests.
Another large river fruit grower owning
orchards both in Sacramento and Yolo
counties is T. B. Ivovdal. To The Call
correspondent he said to-day:
"This quarantine, for which I believe. In
common with others acquainted with the
facts, there is absolutely no necessity, is
bound to prove injurious to our fruit in
terests, since it will create in the East a
bad impression. People at a distance are
bound to get a distorted. Idea of the true
situation. It is always so, whether In the
matter of hope or of fear. When the
quarantine was on in Hawaii everybody
here was afraid of the fruit coming from
the Islands. I don't know what the ef
fect of the plague scare has been on East
ern purchasers thus far, or what it will
be. but I do know that the plague has
been used as a lever by the shippers to
Induce the growers to sell their fruit at a
lower' rate. Growers, instead of selling
outright as formerly, are obliged to Bell
on consignment this year, and the plague
scare has been advanced as the reason."
Assemblyman Morris Brooke, an or
chardist who handles considerable fruit,
said that he had just received a letter
from. a fruit grower from the river sec
tion stating that he had been obliged to
part with his fruit~at a cut price because
of the gloomy prospect held out to him
by the dealers based upon the plague
scare. Shipments of apricots were partic
ularly small since the plague bugaboo
was raised- Mr. Brooke believed that the
fruit industry would suffer by the quaran
tine." • '
George B. Katzensteln, vice president
of the Earl Fruit Company, was asked
for his views. He v said that shipments
were going ahead dally and were larger
than ever before.
Chinese and Japanese are refused "cer
tificates" on any conditions. So far as
can be learned no representative of either
TitCf has thus far been able to secure one
«( the papers. The attorneys who will
prosecute Kmyoun to-day declare that
they have absolute evidence to show that
The bubonic 'juarantine officer ha* totally
dlsrccanltd the <->rder of the court in this
particular. The disregard of Judge Mor
row's injunction against g-eneVaJ quaran
tine seems plvin. Kinyoun is said to have
laughed at the injunction and to have
made pome uncomplimentary remarks
*il>out the court.
The story that United States District
Cainese and Japanes; Barred.
Kinyoun Must Explain To-Day.
To-day J. J. Kinyoun must face United
States judge Morrow and explain, if 'he
can. why he has violated the orders of the
court In discriminating against Chinese
and Japanese in refusing to issue to those
of them who desire to leave the city cer
tificates of health, which are readily is
sued to all white citizens who ask for
them; and in quarantining the enti restate,
contrary to tfie express orders of ihe
court. On June 11 Judge de Haven grp.nl
ed an injunction restraining the local
Hoard of Health and fcCinyouxi from show
ing discrimination. Last Saturday Judge
Morrow decided that a general yuarantine
could not be maintained.
Kinyoun ha* sought to evade the first
Injunction, it is claimed, by establishing
his fake bureau at the ferry, where out
going passengers are required to secure
'¦certificates of health' before they can
secure tickets over the transportation
lines. ?Co inquiry is made into the health
of applicants for these "•certificates." Fol
lowing is the full list of questions asked
Ly the officer who issues the passport:
What is your name?
A&eP
Where were you bornP
Height?
Distinguishing marks?
Itesidence?
Where are you going?
When do you start?
How many pieces of baggage have
you?
PUBLICindignation runs high against
Dr. J. J. Kinyoun. Federal Quaran
tine Officer, who has abused his
authority and has overridon the orders of
the United States Circuit Court in his un
warranted attempt to ruin the commerce
of California by publishing to the world
that an epidemic of bubonic plague exists
in this city, when he lacks proof that a.
single ca?e has ever existed here. His
latest outrage in quarantining the State
is denounced by the highest authority as
malicious and vindictive. Twice checked
by the courts in his high-handed work, he
has brokt n all bounds of decency and de
lled the courts to bring him to book. To
day he must ansv.or'in the court for his
"isobendience.
¦fhe entire State, r^sardless of party
afllliations and sectional differences, is up
in arms apainst this man. who, through
his unparallel.-d action, has placed in jeo
j>ardy the immense fruit crop, amounting
jn value, according to the best estimates,
to J-k'.W'.uOO, and the general business in
terests of every community in the State.
Every iniiuenie. commercial, political and
social, within the power o£ the people has
been brought to bear at Washington to
rid the community of the man and to
right the KT49S that has bd :i done the
State, so far as the Federal Government,
can, through it< immense machinery,
check the damaging reports he has spread
to recklessly over the wond.
The delegates to the National Republi
can Convention, about to convene at
l'hiladtlphia, Have decided to leave the
t-onvention. if mx-essary, to make me light
ul Washington. When Jonn L». Sprtckels
called the delegation together at fhila
tleljihia resteraay and stated what Kin
youn had done their indignation Knew no
bounds. To a man they tiecided that their
duty is at Washington, and to the na
tional capital they will go to-dav to inter-
View President SdcKlnley. to place fairly
liefyrt him the stale of affairs that actu
ally exists here. They have no fear of the
result, but to make doubly sure that suc
cess crowns their mission they go pledged
to remain until the iigiit has Lwrtn won
and the Slate saved. /
Delegates to the
Big Republican
Convention Go
to Washington
to Save State.
CALIFORNIA UP IN ARMS AGAINST
THE KINYOUN QUARANTINE OUTRAGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1900.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
vacation"
SHOES
AT
MONEY-SAVING
PRICES.!.!.'..
FOR THIS WEEK.
Z-APIEF- TAMPICO GOAT BUTTON SHOES.
"Welti «3
LADIES' FRENCH KID (Herberts)
enoES jjr>
l^ADIES* TAN OXFORDS. LXV h»-I.... .85
MKN'S TAN HAND WELT L.A<~E
SHOE, pointed toes, narrow widths:
sizes 9, 10. U $1.O<>
MEXT CAJyf Bl'TTON' and CONGRESS,
full i.laln toe. ' email elzts. narrow
widths 75
CHILDREN"? PATENT LEATHER and
KID SHOES, odd lot
Most all of above rmetl sizes.
CT NO MAIL ORDERS FILLED.
We will not exchance or return money on
those sood«.
Fee prices In windows and barpaln counter.
We a.!*" have full lines of new Summer Foot-
Vear. lV>r>u!ar rirlceo.
830-832-834 MARKET SI, S, F.
Jardiniers.
20% off.
Come Just to Sco.
Gresl Aualou tartim Tea Co.
• MONEY-SAVING STORES.
flO-112 (jruc A»«. «i*et. fcutter tad i>oao.
ttt Market St. iOpp. PowelO.
140 Flxtb Et.
K* Uayee SU HI Thlrfl St.
J41I Polk St. - in Montcomery A»«w
CMC Mission St. 70S Larkln St.
IO06 Elxteentb St. 1519 LVvlrad«-ro St.
14* Ninth St. 4TS Haicht St.
tDH Fllltnore St. :2S5 MlMlon 8U
U Sifcri-et St. r.Zi 24th EL
OAKLAND STORES.
I OSS Waehlnrtoa Su CH K. 12th Su
137 Broadwar. Xl*S Ud At«.
U1Q feevc ctfateU . ;. , MM Fwfc SU Aiu&tda,
BETTER
EYE-GLASSES
TTian ever and at no Increase in price.
Improved clip— don't slip— for 50 cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory
on premises. Quick repairing. Phone.
Majn JO.
optician5^ oi >^;;»^.
642 Market 5t. instruments
under CMaoxicu BUHDIN&. CaTAICGUE Fk E.
piBP WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CURED.
IX INVENTING HIS WOttLD-REXOWNEO
"Magnetic Elastic Truss" Dr. Pierce savo ta
th« tubllc the most remarkable remedy ever
discovered for tha successful treatment of
Hernia, or Rupture. Thousands • of «u!Terer»
have been permanertly relieved an.J radically
CURED by this Kreat appliance and thousand*
of others are now on the roa.l to complete re-
covery. This Truss ia di2erc.it onl »" others.
It does the work! .. . ,,
Ycu can get our "HOOKT.ET N^>. 1 by call-
"magnetic elastic truss co.,
C2O Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel).
Pan Francisco.
Eastern Offlre— Vew York C!ty.
/
Arrived — new season's
Japan teas — there is a big
difference in the taste of
old and new tea — buy and
see for yourself
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
MondayTucsday Wednesday
Pine-apple— Singapore j \2kC
reg'ly 15c can— cut
has ihe fresh fruit flavor
Beer— Everard pints $ I 35
reg'Iy 5155 and 52 35 doz qts 2 IO
Canadian malt large bottled
at the brewery— mild— pleasant
Olive o\\-o b& Co 55c
reg'Iy 65c quart 1 dozen $6 50
Our importation — bottled in
Bordeaux— delicate flavor
BaCOn— Armour jtar l6ic
reg'Iy r8c lb
Cooks crisp — choicest
selection from healthy pork
Rice Carolina— 5-ib package 45c
reg'Iy ioc lb • io-lb package goC
Creole — large whole kernels
cooks dry and white
Rye whisky bottle $1 15
reg'ly Ji 40 and 55 gallon £4
Gibson — full quarts — 10 years old
Prunes— California 3 J lbs 25C
Fancy fruit— reg'ly ioc lb
Cherries in marasquin 62oC
. Add a pleasant flavor to
summer drinks — reg'ly 70c qt
Crab— devilled 2OC }OC
reg'ly 25c and 40c tin
Now is the time of the year when ths
appetite of those whose occupation is
sedentary begins to be capricious and
something widely different from the
heavy meat diet of the winter is
craved— a more grateful or appetizing
dish could not be served at such a
time than this dainty sea-food
Cranberry sauce 3 cans 50c
Good for pies — wholesale price
reg'ly 25c can— rich preserve
Honey SOap— Colgate box 27JC
Large oval cakes — 3 in box
reg'ly 35c— lathers freely
AppleS-evaporated 3 lbs 25C
¦ Alden extra white fruit— reg'ly ioc lb
RaiSinS— fine dusters 2 lbs 25C
Curry powder j pints 15c
GB&Co q^rts
Madras— superior quality
reg'ly 20c and 60c— aromatic
Face powder— French ¦ 40c
Made by Roger and Gallet— Pinaud—
Violet— reg'ly 50c box— 3 colors
Night lights— Pope's head box IOC
> ioojights— reg'ly 15c
412 Pine 231 Slitter a3oo California San Francisco
•373 Clay bttwoen Eleventh ml Twelfth OaUlaa4
Porcelain refrigerators
tile lined throughout —
sanitary — cast brass nickel
plated mountings — orna«
\ mental — durable — practical
French kniVeS for kitchen use /
456 7 8 9 10 11 ia
reg'Iy 2cc 25c yzc 15c 40c 50c 55c 65c 75c
special I5C2OC2?C 30c 35- 40c 45c 50c 60c
China ginger jar 15c
Preserved in syrup-r-healthful
reg'Iy 20c — tender stems
JCountry orders promptly filled and
puked to arrive safely — write for cata*
logue
GOLDBERG. BO WEN ft CO'S SPECIAL SAVINS SALE
GOLDBEKO. BOWEN ft COS SPECIAL SAVINS SALS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL SALE
—OF
HIGH ART
FRENCH NOVELTY
—CONSISTING OF-
Brocaded Silk Bareges, Silk and Wool
Novelties and Silk and Wool
Novelty Crepons.
These goods we purchased from a French manufac-
turer. They are all this season's. goods, latest stgles
and colors, and will he sold hu us LESS THA.N HALF
THE PRICE OF IMPORTATION.
We will also have on sale this week a large Importation
Of GENUINE BLACK ENGLISH SILK MOHAIR AND
WOOL MOHAIR BLACK CREPONS at $1.00, $1.25
and SI.5O per yard. Former prices were Sl.75,
$2,00 and $2.50 per uard.
We InYlte an earlu Ins. ec ion of above COLORED AND
BLACK brtESS GOODS.
I 111, 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.